The Sunday CallTHE PRESIDENT
The Sunday Call has neoorrd
the serial rlchta of Alfred Henry
Lewla' gr<-nt novel of modern
politics, "Tne President," and
to-day elves Its readers the
fifth Installment of Tvlint Is
conceded to be the betit and
strongent work of this bril
liant, trenchant writer, already
•o well knorrn as the author of
"Wolfvllle Days' 1 and "The
Ross." "The President" Trill
appear In Trcrkly Installments
In The Snnday Call until com
pleted.
(.Copyright, 1904. by A. S. Barnes & Co.)
fT^HEX, striking a pose that was al
j most tragic, Mrs. Hanway-Harley
I told Dorothy she must marry
J Etorri.
"As your mother I command It!"
eald Mrs. Hanway-Harley, lifting her
Jeweled hand finely, as though the thing
were settled and the conference at an
.end.
"And I tpll you," said Dorothy, catch
ing her breath and speaking with bit
ter slowness, 'that I shall not marry
him!"
"This to me! — your mother! — in my
"You shall not drive me!" cried Dor
othy passionately, her eyes roving sav
agely, like the eyes of a badgered ani
mal. "Am I to have no voice in dis
posal of myself? I tell you I shall
' marry whom I please! And since he
+ makes his proffer through you, tell the
creature Storrl that I loathe him!"
This last was also from the maga
zine, and Mrs. Hanway-Harley got it
off superbly. It mi.sed fire, so far as
Dorothy was concerned — Dorothy,
strung like a bow and now in full re
bellion.
•"It is you to have a care!" retorted
c Dorothy. "Papa and Uncle Pat shall
hear of this!"
"They will say as I say!" observed
Mrs. Hanway-Harley, who believed it.
"And If they should," cried Dorothy,
"I have stjli a resource!"
"Flight?" said Mrs. Hanway-Harley,
not without contempt.
"Marriage!" replied Dorothy, now as
.dry of eye as she was defiant. Bess
Markjln was assuredly right in her esti
mate of formalities and their saving and
securing worth. §*??:
"Marriage!" repeated Dorothy, and her
voice rang out in a composite note of love
c and triumph as she thought of Richard.
"Marriage!" Mrs. Hanway-Harley was
staggered. Here was a pathway of es
tape she had not counted on. "Whom
would you marry?"
' "Yoli shall not* know," said Dorothy.
' Mrs. Hanway-Harley saw truth in
Dorothy's red cheek— she had been snow
UU now— saw it in her swimming eye and
o leaving bosom. Before she could phrase
Turther question Dorothy had left the
* room and Mrs. Hanway-Harley was
-beaten.
Somewhere in the unknown dark behind
Dorothy's stubborn will stood a man, and
that man loved Dorothy. She would draw
on his love and his loyalty and his cour
age to make her war! Mrs. Hanway-
Harley felt her defeat and sighed to think
how she had walked upon it blindfold.
But she was- not without military fair
ness; she must make her report.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley wrote Storri a
note, saying that, for reasons not to be
"dvercome, the honor of his hand must be
derfiea her house. While Mrs. Hanway-
Harley was writing Storrl, Dorothy, the
bafted. was writing her note to Richard.
And now you know why Dorothy sobbed
her troubled, bunted, harassed way Into
Richard's arms. . »\u25a0» \u25a0
Af.ter ten minutes of love and peace
Dorothj: was so much renewed that, word
for word, she gave Richard the entire
etpry. «.»;: '\u25a0'-
"What shall I do?" said Dorothy at the
close. "Tell me, dear, what am I to do?"
c • "You are in no danger," said Richard,
in a manner of grim tenderness and fold
\u2666•ing her tight. "Before I'd see you marry
• 'Storri I would kill him in the church—
* kill him at the altar rail!"
'."You must not kill him!" whispered
«* Dorothy, at once horrified and flattered.,,
. ''There's no chance," said Richard,
c witlf a Quaver of comic regret "Our civ
ilization has so narrowed the times that
.murdef Is Inexpressibly Inconvenient.
£>ne thing I might do. however."
."Whal Is that?"
• "I might carry you off."
* . "Oh, that would never do!" said Doro
thy, as with a great sigh she crept more
and more Into Richard's arms, thinking
alj the time It would do, and do nicely.
CHAPTER X.
H»w storrl Plotted a Vengeance.
•* Richard asked Dorothy if s6e had told
• Bess. Xo. Dorothy had not told. Bess.
"Do you think, dear heart, I would tell
* anj' one befofe I had. told you?"
As the. most fitting reply to this ques
* lion Richard kissed Dorothy all qver
. again as though for the first time, and
, with a fervor that told how his soul was
In the work.
Bess was called In a? a consulting en
. 'glneer of hearts. That blonde tactician
* glanced over the situation with the eye
of "a field marshal. This was the result
oof her' survey. There must be no clan
destine marriage, no elopement. Dorothy
was In no peril; it was not a drawbridge
day of moated castlewicks and donjon
keeps. Damsels were no longer gagged
and bound and carried to the altar, and
e there wedded perforce to dreadful ogres.
Wherefore, a runaway match was not
neces^ary. Moreover, it would be vulgar;
and nothing: could justify vulgarity; J-)o
rothy and Richard should remain as they
were. They must continue to love; they
must learn to wait, and to take what ad
vantage the How of events provided.
"My -wisdom." quoth Bess, pausing as if
for congratulations, "my wisdom is,
doubtless, so much beyond my years as
to seem unearthly. It's due to the fact
that, although young, I've been for lone
the responsible head of the family."
Bess mentioned this latter dignified con
dition with complacency. It left her ex
empt from those troubles, like a bramble
pater?. Into v.hich Dorothy had pjunged.
Both Dorothy and Richard were inclined
to agree wl{h their monitress. Richard \u25a0
was too wholly of the battle-ax breed to
favor stealth and creeping about. It was
in his heart to marry Dorothy defiantly,
and at noon. Dorothy's reasons .were less
robust; she was thinking of . her father
and "Uncle Pat" and all their kindnesses.
She could not make up her loyal heart
to any step that smacked of treachery to
them. -":
"And yet," observed Kichard. v "here we
are where wp started." Then turning ta
Bess: "You have told us what we should
not do, and told us extremely well. Now
bend your sage .brows to the question of
what we ought to do. Or, *to phrase it
this fashion, what ought I to do?"
*'Go to Mrs. Hanway-Harley and ask
for her daughter."
Richard winced and made a wry face.
"I'd sooner go to Storri. The ' rascal .
might give me a reason for thrashing
him."
• "You are on no account.^to mention
Dorothy's name to Storri." " ;f-".'V
"No?" somewhat ruefully.
"And you are to beat him only should
he mention Dorothy's name to you."
"I shall," and Richard brightened.
"Storri asked Mrs. Hanway-Harley for
her daughter. 1 should think you might,
summon up an equal courage." * -A
"But I haven't the advantage of being;
a Russian nobleman," returned . Richard, ",
with one of his cynical grins.. j t
"Still you must ask Mrs. Hanway-Har-^
ley for Dorothy; and no later, mind you,' 1
than to-morrow night." Bess tossed her
head as though a fiat had cone forth. '
"Well," said Richard, drawing a deep •
breath, "if you have any such junk as a
joss about the house I'd take It friendly
if you would burn a handful of jjraver
sticks in my Interest." Then, with all
love's softness, to Dorothy: "Your mother
will say Xo; she will not entertain your
views on poverty, little one."
Dorothy came behind Richard's chair
and pressed her cheek to his.
"Whatever she may say, whatever any
one may say, you, and only you, dearest,
shall have me," and Dorothy signed the
promise after the fashion popular with
lovers.
Storri came that evening to see Mrs.
Hanway-Harley. Both parties were act
ing, Storri affecting melancholy while he
was on fire: with passionate rage, and
Mrs. Hanway-Harley assuming the role
of the mother who, although >he regrets,
is still tenderly unwilling to control those
wronsly headstrong courses : upon which
her child is bent. There was a world of
polite fencing between Mrs. Hanway-Har
ley and Storri, in which each bore testi
mony to the esteem in which the other
was held. It was decided that Storri
should continue those dinners with the
Harleys; Dorothy might discover a final
wisdom. .
Storri told Mrs. Hanway-Harley that
he feared Dorothy had given her heart
to Richard. This admission was gall and
wormwood to the self-love of Storri. He
made it, however, and recalled Mrs. Han
way-Harley to. Dorothy's chatter concern-
Ing the mornlns talks between Richard
and Senator Hanway.
"That odious printer," said Storrl, who
called all newspaper people printers,
"comes each day to get his budget of
news from your illustrious brother, mad
am;* and. believe . me, your daughter
makes some sly pretext for being with
them— with him, the odious printer! Bah!
I wish we were in Russia; I would
blow out the rogue's life like * a
candle! Why, my Czar would laugh
were so mean a belng : to succeed In ob
structing the love of .his Storri!"
Mrs. Hanway-Harley was struck by
the suggestion that Richard was Dor
othy's lover in the dark.'. She remem
bered Dorothy's teasing praises of
Richard and her talk of how saplently;.
he discoursed with "Uncle' Pat.'" The
praises occurred on that evening., when,
from her wisdom, she, Mrs. Hanway-
Harley, had warned her innocent child
against the error of entertaining one
gentleman with the merits of another.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley even brought to
mind the replies made by her innocent
child to those warnings; and her own
wrath began to stir as the suspicion
grew that her Innocent child had been\
secretly laughing at her. Like all shal-;
low folk, Mrs. Hanway-Harley prided'
herself upon being as deep as the.sea;
and it did her self-esteem no good to
think that she had been sounded, not
to say charted, by her own daughter,
who had gone steering in and out,
keeping always the channel *ot her
credulity and never once running
aground. Little lamps of anger lighted
their evil wicks in Mrs. Hanway-Har-'
ley's eyes as she thus reflected.
And that morning armful of roses?
No, Storri was not the moving cause of,
their fragrant . appearance -upon the
Harley premises. Storrl regretted that
he had not once bethought him of this
delicate attention. Mrs. Hanway-Har
ley wrung her hands. It was Dorothy
who first planted in her the belief: that
the flowers were from Storrl! Oh, the
artful Jade! That was the cause of her
timorous objections when Mrs. Han
way-Harley, with the. fond; yet; honor
able curiosity of a mother, spoke of
mentioning those flowers to Storrl. The
perjured Dorothy, was aware of their,
felon origin; doubtless, she even then
encuoraged the miserablo Richard ' in
his love. \u25a0
As these lights, burst one after the
other upon Mrs. Hanway-Harley she
ALFRED
HENRY
LEWIS
could, have punished her own -dullness
by beating her head against the wall.
However, she restained herself and
closed by inviting. Storrl to dinner on
the next day but one. Storrl, still keep
ing up his tender melancholy, thanked
Mrs. Hanway-Harley, accepted, and
wit many bows and many sighs to im
pre&j upon Mrs. Hanway*-Harley his
stricken heart, backed himself out into
the night. • J/-Y-
When Storri was gone Mrs. Hanway-
Harley resolved on an instant talk with
Dorothy— no more the Innocent, but the
artful 6ne. She would make a last at
tempt to wring from her the name of
that lover of the shadows. Should It
be" Richard — and she was sure of it —
that aspiring journalist must never
again cross the Harley threshold.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley, who had the
merit of expedition, repaired^at once to
Dorothy's room. That obdurate beauty
was half dressed, and her maid had
just finished arranging her hair in two
raven braids — thick as a ship's cable,
they were. As Mrs. Hanway-Harley
entered Dorothy glanced up with half
wistful eye. Poor child! she was hop
ing her mother might have softened
from that granite attitude of the morn*
ing! But no, there was nothing ten
der in, the selfish, austere gaze; at that,
the spirit of the old astronomical an
cestor who. with his water pans and
gateposts, know the : earth was flat,
began to chafe within Dorothy's girlish
bosom. <
Mrs. Hanway-Harley came to a dig
nified.halt in the middle of the -room.
"Cora, you may go," said Mrs. Han
way-Harley. %'&?:
The black maid gave, a parting
touch. to the braids, in which she con
trived}' to mingle sympathy, and affec
tion,'for with the wisdom of her caste
she'knew of-porothy's love and. gave it
her approval. .. . • .
-.7 "Dorothy," said Mrs. Hanway-Harley,
whJßtthey. were, alone, and speaking
in - a Tpigh/ superior vein, "I have com*
for the rfamfe bf'that man." ,
"Mr/ Storms," returned Dorothy, in
[tones; which' .for steadiness " matched
alrsrHanway-Harley's. , ..,,,
• the name so. much as the
relentless ' frankness that furnished fit
which overcame Mrs. Hanway-Harley.
She sat down with an emphasis so sud
den that it was as though .her;, knees
were glass and the blow had \broken,
them.- Once in the chair, : shelwaggled
her head dolorously and moaned out
against upstart vulgarlans^whd, with
out a name or a shilling/v? insinuated
themselves like vipers into/households
of honor and, coiling themselves upon
the very "hearthstones, dealt Vdeath to
fondest hopTs.; ' "„. \u0084
. Dorothy, who, for all .thejselflsh shal
lowness of" that relative.; gloved her
mother, tried' to take \u0084heiY.h and.; ' At. a
shadow of sympathy she, .would have
laid before Mrs.', Hanway-Harley ' the
last secret her bosom'; hid; There was
no , sympathy, nothing mother's
love; Mrs. Hanway-Harley.; In the nar
rowness of her egotism, :could consider
no feelings not her own;j"-«r
"Don't; don't touch .me!", she cried.
"Don't add hypocrisy your Ingrati
tude!" ' Then,- in tones that seemed .to
pillory Dorothy as reprobate , and lost,
she cried: "You" have. • disgraced .merr
disgraced your father, : your* uncle -and
mc!"\ ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•.-•'. -\u25a0 ';.'-\u25a0-\u25a0/- ' •'
"Another word," cried Dorothy, mov
ing with a resentful swoop ' toward the
bell, "and I'll call Uncle Pat- to judge
between us! Yes; he is in Els study.
Uncle Pat shall ' hear youl'^,: - : ;
Mrs. Hanway-Harley, glass knees
and 'all, got between Dorothy -'and the
bell. Dorothy's uncle and V Dorothy's
father should know, but not: then. She
had hoped that with reason ;she; might
rescue her daughter from Vat' step
so, fatal as marriage wlth A a\ hope
less beggar who could .'. 'not'?, live
without the charity of v his V patron.
These things and much more spake, Mrs.
Hanway-Harley, but she might as.well. well
have remonstrated with a storm. ': The
gate post grandsire had charge of Doro
thy. - -.- " . : .",;.
"And what is to be the end of this in
trigue?'-' asked Mrs. Hanway-Harley. y
"It lg no more; an Intrigue," protested
Dorothy, her eyes flashing, . "than was
your marriage to papa, or the marriage
,of Aunt Dorothy with ; Uncle Pat. . Oh,
mamma," she cried ' appealingly, "can't
yousee we love each other!"-
Mrs; Hanway-Harley v- was * a 'trifle
touched, but it was her maternal duty
.to conceal it. She ' steadied htrself to a
severe sobriety and with the manner ol
one injured to. the verge of martyrdom
said with a sigh:;
"I shall see this person; I shall send
for this Mr. Storms." , .. . \u25a0-;,..
£It will.be unnecessary," replied Dofo
,thy, turning,frlgld; "Mr. : Storms wlll^cal!
upon you to-morrow night." !<-.
:^ "And does 'the puppy think that I'll
' give- my consent?" demanded ; Mrs! Han
way-Harley, . angrily aghast >at the ; inso
-lence of Richard.':, . '> ,** ;.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
v".Now, I don't ;know. what L the 'puppy'
thinks," returned : Dorothy, '•-< from; whom
the anger of her* mother struck sympa
thetic sparks, "but I. told him I would
marry him .without It." \u25a0
In a whirl of indignation Mrs. Hanway-
Harley: burst Un upon -.Senator Hanway.
Thai' ambitious ' gentleman f was . em
ployed In abstruse calculations as tc
tariff schedules and" how ; far. they; might
be" expected to bear upon his chances \u25a0In
the coming national convention.' Benatoi
Hanway. was somewhat. Impressed, by
Mrs. Hanway-Harley's. visit; his .study
had never been . that- lady's favorite
lounge. Moreover/, her . face proclaimed
her errand no common'one.
: , "Why, I though t you . were . all in bed,
Barbara ." said) Senator Hanway by "way
of 'opening the -
Mrs. Hanway-Harley, as calmly . as she
might; told of Dorothy's /'*niad! lnfatua
. tion." She held back 1 nothing except whal
portions of • the * tangle I referred; to Storrl,
She 'spoke of ' Richard.' and.sthe" disaster,
not to.'say the -disgrace,? to i the Harles
name should he : and ; Dorothy ;' wed. Mrs,
f i mi in I inrisi m^mli— sswsi \u25a0\u25a0 nff !>!\u25a0\u25a0 — i" i*~~ ™ i "nrrmiri fi • • ' i i n
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY : CALD.
Hanway-Harley flowed on, sometimes
eloquent, . always .severe, , and ~ closed ';, in
with a-thundergust of; tears. T^- ; :-* \u25a0
: Senator " Hanwayy listened, ~ : i first iwith •
wonder/ then alarm; when she finished he ;
sat with an air of helplessness." After rub-*
bing his inose ' irresolutely * with " a pen
holder he said: :
; "What can I do?'.V
'.'You can advise me."
"Well, then," j observed Senator Han-
way, .looking, right: and left, being no one
to face an' angry woman, "why don't you
let : them * marry?"/ \u25a0 ; ' :':: ': •' :
XsVBrothe.r!'V"j"X 5 VBrothe.r!'V"j" \u25a0 .;
\u25a0Mrs.' Hanway-Harley" strove to bury
. Senator • Hanway beneath" a . mountain of
reproach with that:onelword.
"What can : you do?" asked Senator
, Hahway ; defensively. "You say that Do
• rothyi declares i \ she : will *• marry young
Storms In the teeth of every opposition."
: "Are we to permit the foolish girl ' to
throw herself away?"
•' "But \u25a0 how .will \u25a0> you restrain her?"
' "One . thing." ... exclaimed Mrs. Hanway-
Harley, getting up to go; "that person,
after to-morrow, shall . never enter these
doors! I shall have but one word; I shall
warn'- him 'not ''to repeat his visits to 'this
house." . BESB
'-'' The * change " that came over Senator
Hanway struck Mrs. Hanway-Harley
yrtth dumb dismay. His ey», which had
bean pry in j about ..for an easiest .: way .
out of the* dilemma, now filled "wf-fc.
threaten!** Interest. \7f
"Barbara., sit flown!" commanded Banx
itor Hanway:
Mrs. Hanway-Harley sat down: an*
was, ; with the last word. In awe of her
eminent brother. Senator Hanway arose
and towered above* her with f orblidlns
Brow. The threat to bar the» Harley, doora
to Richard had set him ago* with angry
apprehensions. "What! should his best
ajent of politics, on» who was at one*
tha correspondent of that powerful m- *
flnenca the Dally Tory and the authorized
mouthpiece of the potential Mr. Gwynn,
who owned the ' Anaconda, nay. was the
Anaconda, b« Insulted, and arrayed
against him? And* for what 1 Because* of
the> baby heart of a Rlrl scares grown!
"Was* a "White House to be lost by such
tawdry argument? • Forbidding Richard
the door might- of Itself appear a meager
matter, but who was to say what results
might not eprinjr from it? Senator Han
way had seen the gravest catastrophles
grow from - reasons small as mustard
seed! A city is burned, and the confla
gration has Its start in a. cow and & can
dle! Mrs. Hanway-Harley shall not put
his hopes to jeopardy in squabbles over
Dorothy and' her truant love. Senator
Hanway felt the hot anxiety of on« who,
bearing a priceless vase through the
streets, Is Jostled by the inconsiderate
crowd. Domestic politics and national
politics had come to a clash. m ; ;
Senator Hanway stood staring at Mrs.
Hanway-Harle-y. He required time to
gather control of hlmseLf. and lay out a>l
verbal line of march. He decided for ths \
lucid, icy style; It was His favorite man
ner In the Senate.
"Barbara," said \u25a0 he, "give careful ear
to what I shall say. I do not request. I
do not command^ I tell you what must
be done. I do not interfere between
you and Dorothy; I Interfere, only be
tween you and Mr. Storms. That young
man is necessary to my plans. He I*
to come to this study, freely, and without
interference. Xor are you, on any oc
casion, or for any cause, to affront him
or treat him otherwise than .with re
spect."
"But, brother." urged JMrs. Hanway-
Harley, "he has trapped Dorothy into
a promise of marriage." ,',\u2666
"Why do you object to him?" -.-;
"He has no fortune; the man's a beg
gar!"
"He has his money from the Dally
" Tory say five thousand a, year. That is
as much aalam Daid for beinsr Senator."
"There is no parallel! Your salary may
be five thousand, but you make twenty
fold that sum." which was quite true.
"Barbara," remarked Senator Hanway
reprovingly, returning to the original
bone" of dispute, "why should you insist
on this young man owning millions before
he can think of Dorothy? You had noth- •
Ing. John had nothing, when you mar
ried. You should remember these things."
• Mrs. Hanway-Harley refused to remem
ber. There was no reason why she •
should. ' Dorothy was the present iaaue, ;
and Dorothy was— or would be— rich.
' "I won't go Into the business anyj
further," retorted Senator Hanway at
last, with a gesture of Irritation and dis
gust. "I simply tell you that Mr. Storms
Is neither to be affronted nor driven
away. Should you disregard my wishes.
Barbara, I say to you plainly that I
myself will bring the young people to- m
gether. send for a preacher, and marry
them In this very study. I am ,not to
lose a Presidency because you choose to
play the fool."
Mrs. Hanway-Harley, illustrious in all
her diamonds, upon the next evening re- .
celved Richard in vast stata. She pro
posed to imDress him with her splendors.
Dorothy, in anticipation of the meeting
between mother and lover, had gone
.across to Bes3: her nervousness must
have support. . . .
; Richard, whose diplomacy was barbaric
and proceeded on straight lines, Mra.
Hanway-Harley of his love for Dorothy.
\u25a0 As his handsome face lighted up, - x even
•Mrs. Hanway-Harley was not unswept
of admiration. She could loo* into Rich
ard's eyes and see for herself those gray
I beauties: of tenderness and truth that bad
won Dorothy to his side. They • mlcht
have won even Mrs. Hanway-Harley had
she not "been a mother. "What if he wera
tender, what if he were true? He had
no fortune, no place: even the Admirable
Crichton. wanting social station and the
riches whereon to base it. would have
been Impossible.
"When -Richard had ended his love
tale— .which, considering that for all
his outward fortitude he was inward
ly quaking, he told full eloquently—
Mrs Hanway-Harley composed hersalf
for reply. She hardly required, those
warnings of Senator Hanway; ther«»
was no wish now : to insult" or humblo
him. In truth. Mrs. Hanway-Harley^
was in the best ; possible temper to
carry forward her, side of the confer
ence In manner most creditable to har
self and most helpful for her purposes.
More than ever, since she had neard
him, she knew the perilous sway this
\u25a0man must own. over her daughter.
While he talked the deep, true tones
were like a spell: the great, tender,
persistent will ot a man In loving ear
nest seemed as with a thousand soft,
resistless hands to draw her whither it
•would. Even she. Mrs. Hanway-Har
- ley. selfish, guarded,^worldly, cold, was
shaken and all but conquered beneath
the natural hypnotic power of The
male when speaking, thinking, feeling.
moving from the heart. Oh. she would
warrant her daughter loved this wiz
ard! She herself was driven to fence
against his pleadings to keep from
grantlrig* .all. he, "asked. But fence she
did; ' Mrs. Hanway-Harley remembered
that she was a mother, an American
mother, whose daughter <-had be*n
asked in wedlock by a Count. She
\u25a0 must protect that daughter from tha
wizard who would only love.tO'bllgat.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley never spoke to
more advantage. She did not doubt
Mr. Storms* honesty, she did not dis
trust his love: but woman. could not
live by love alone, and she had h*r
duty as a mother. Dorothy had bseri
lapped In luxury; it was neither right
nor safe - that her daughter should
marry downhill. Mrs. Hanway-Harley's,.,
voice- was smoothly even. Mr. Storms
must forgive a question. Something of
the kind had been asked before, but
changes might have intervened. Had
Mr. Storms any expectations from Mr.
Gwynn?
"Madam," replied Richard, whlla a
queer smile played about his mouth, a
smile whereof the reason was by no
means clear to Mrs. Hanway-Harley.
"madam, I shall be wholly TlionlT lion 1 f s s t ;
Llvlng or dead, gift or will. I snail
never have a shilling from Mr. Qwynn.
"Then, Mr. Storms." returned -«rs.
Hanway-Harley. "I ask you whether 1
would be Justified in wedding my
daughter to poverty?"
"But Is money, that is. much money,
so important?" pleaded Richard. .'I
have education, health, brains— in mod
eration—and love to prompt all three.
That should not mean beggary, even
though It may not mean prodigious
wealth." " "- '\u25a0'.-;.
"Every lover has talked -he same,
said Mrs. Hanway-Harley. not unkind
ly. "Believe me. Mr. Storms, no man
should ask a woman In marr.ag« un
less he can care for her aa;'ffhe was
P er^ay f vS^
* '""We 1 must deal with the present." .aid
; M RicSrd\ a oo y ndered the several 'perplexi
• tI «i rr C i t had C a fortune equal to Mr. H*A
l lev's you would not object, madam?" **k»
s *it is the only bar I urge." said Mrs.
Hanway-Harley suavely. ,
"Then I am to understand that should •
f a day come when I can measure wealthwith Mr. Harley I may claim Dorothy as
my own?"
Mrs. Hanway-Harley bowed.
"My daughter, however, must not be
bound by any promise."
"Your daughter, madam," returned
Richard, with a color of pride, "shall
never be bound by me. Though I hold a
score of promises I would have no wife
who does not come to me of her free
choice. I do not look on love as a busi
ness proposition."
"Older people- do," responded Mrs.
Hanway-Harley dryly.
"Madam," said Richard, "I have only
one more question to ask. What Is to be
my attitude toward your daughter while
1 am searching for that fortune?"
It was here that Mrs. Hanway-Harley
made her greatest stroke; she reached
Richard where he had no defense.
"Your attitude. Mr. Storms, toward my
daughter I shall leave to you for adjust
ment as a man of honor." .;..-;.'.
Richard crossed the street to Dorothy
and told her what had passed. Dorothy
kissed him and cried over him and made
a wall against their darkling fate.
"How I wish papa was poor!" cried
Dorothy. "I wish he didn't have a dol
lar!" Then, conscience-stricken: "No, I
don't! Poor pop; he doesn't hate money,
if I do." .-.".-_
Richard took Dorothy's sweet face be
tween his hands and looked into her
eyea.
"You will believe me, darling?"
"Yes!" -^ !>
"Then don't weep, don't worry. I prom
ise that within the year you shall be my
wife. I'll find the way to find the money."
"And hear me promise," returned Doro
thy. "Money or no money, I'll become
your wife what day you will."
Of course, alter such a speech there be
fell a sweet world and all of foolish ten
derness; but since the scandalized Ajax
would not stay to witness It neither
shaJl you. ; .-
Mrs. Hanway-Harley said nothing to
Dorothy of her interview with Richard;
she appeared to believe that Richard
had saved her that labor. There was a
kind of sneer in this. Feeling the
sneer. Dorothy put no Questions; she
was willing, in her resentment, to have
it understood that Richard had told
her. Why 6hould he not? — she was to
be his wife! Dorothy would have been
proud to proclaim her troth from the
housetops. >
Mr?. Hanway-Harley had Storri to
dinner. \ Dorothy, when he was an
nounced, sought her room. A moment
later Mrs. Hanway-Harley was at the
door. She came in cool, collected, no
trace of anger. Why did not Dorothy
come down to dinner? Dorothy did not
come down to dinner because Dorothy
did not choose.
"You do not ask Mr. Storms to din
ner." N said Dorothy, her color coming
and her eyes beginning to glow. "I
will not meet your Storri."
'"Mr. Storms is not In our set. dear,"
said Mrs. Hanway-Harley coldly.
"He is In my heart," returned Dor
othy.
The self-willed one seated herself
stoutly and never another word could
Mrs. Hanway-llarlcy draw from her.
Storri received the excuses for Dor
othy's vacant place at the table which
Mrs. Hanway-Harley oflcwd; for all
that he read the reason of her absence
and h's pride fretted under it ixs under
a lash.
New Year's day, and the diplomatic
reception at the White House. The
President stood in line with his Cabi
net people and the others tired by. Rich
ard, being utterly the democrat, was,
of course, utterly the aristocrat, since
these be extremes that never fail to
meet. Wherefore Richard did not take
his place In the procession and waver
painfully forward, at a snail's pace, to
shake the Presidential hand. It was
a foolish ceremony a.t which Richard's
self-respect rebelled. There was no
hand, no masculine har.d.< at least.
which Richard would wait in line to
grasp.
Richard, while declining: to become
part of '-he pageant, looked -jn. It was
worth while as a study in human na
ture. -The President peculiarly claimed
his notice; by cverj' sign it was this
man who would oppose Senator Han
way, if the latter gentleman achieved
his ambition and was put forward to
lead his party's ticket. Richard com
pared the present handshaking Presi
dent with Senator Hanway, the latter
being thereby advanced. The President
was a smooth, smug: personage, of an
appetite rather than an ambition for
office. Ambition is a captain, appetite
a camp follower; for which reason the
President was one who would never
lead, never oppose a movement. Kssen
tially he was of the candidate class. In
deed, he had, as an individual, the best
characteristics of a canal. lie was nar
row, even, currentless, with a mental
fall of two feet in the mine.'
He lived conservatively between his
banks, and went never so foolishly lucid
as to show you how shallow he was.
Jurt n trine thick, he seemed to the eye
as deep as the skies were high; any six
foot question, however, would have
sounded him.
And yet he was in his <lay much lauded
ns a safe executive. There may have
been truth in that. Your man of timid.
rV.m and shallow mediocrities, comparable
to a canal, is not to be despised. He will
not be the Mississippi, truly; he will
weep away no bridges, overflow no re
gions roundabout; no navies will battle
on his bosom; .the world in its glqnt com
merces will not make of him a thorough
fare. But he will mean safety and profit
for a hone of little special selfish inter
ests, and that is the sort of President a
day dominated of Money demands. In
the far Southwest the cattle barens knock
the horns off cattle; a hornless steer
comes to the slaughter pen more quietly
and with less of threat to those who han
cle him. In a day when Money rules as
King Its first care is to knock the horns
off originality and brains. Money wants
no great horned mental forces roaming
the world; they might become a threat,
Rfchard thought on these matters as he
considered this conservative, careful
White House one, whose, pains had ever
teen to think nothing that hadn't been
thought, say nothing that hadn't been
sitid. do nothing that hadn't been done.
"He is like a bucket of spring water,"
thought Richard, as lit turned away,
"cool, pure, tasteless. But there isift
enough of him to put out a. fire, or swim
a boat, or turn the wheel of any mill oi
moment."
Richard went into the green drawing
room, where the younger, gayer spirits
were "receiving behind. the line." There
he saw Dorothy and Bess. Before he
could go to them he causht the snarling
accents of Storri. He turned; that Russ
was almost at his elbow. Storri. as
though for Richard's ear. was saying to
a vapid young man whom Richard had
seen at "the club:
••Oh! that is Miss Harley— the onewith
the blue eyes and black hair. Bad com
bination, believe -me! I, who am a gen
tleman — a Russian gentleman — give my
word that blue eyes and black hair mean
treason to a lover. No, I can't take- you
to her; she has shown a preference for
me, and I do not care to distinguish . her
by too much notice until I have thought
her over. On my soul, yes; I must think
her over!" / .
Richard's hand fell heavy and rude on
Storri's shoulder. ../,-/ 7
"Come with me," said he. *
Storri- had not co»\ntcd on this; those
sacred White House walls should have
protected him. He looked appeallngly at
his friend. -..-'••
"Your friend will pardon you," said
Ricnard, coolly, "and, for this time, you
shall come back safe."
Richard drew Storri to a window,
where they were by themselves. _
"Pay heed to what I shall say," grit
ted Richard, and his eyes gave forth a
gray glimmer like- a saber suddenly
unsheathed, "you must never take Miss
Harley's name upon your lips. Should
you do so I shall twist your neck as
once I twisted your fingers." . \u25a0;\u25a0
Storri began a spluttering stammer
of protest and reproach.
* "Don't hector me!" whispered Rich
ard with a sharp fervor of ferocity
that? made Storri start, "or. when next
we meet in the street I'll take my
cane and beat you like a dog!"
Storri turned and tried to hide \u0084the
fear that fed upon him with a tinge
of swagger. This in the White House
— the palace of their president! Storri
was more and more convinced that, the
Americans were a rabble and not a
people!'.
"Remember!" said Richard, and the
tones were like a threat of death.
That evening early Richard met Dor
othy at Bess Marklin's. He made no
revelations touching his colloquy with
Storri. There was a thick down-come
of snow and the new flakes covered
the street like feathers to a fluffy
depth of two inches. As Dorothy and
Richard reached the sidewalk on Dor
othy's return to the Harley house.
Richard, with the abrupt remark.' "l'll
save you from the snow, .my dear!"
caught Dorothy in those Pict,arms and
strode across. -\ . .
Dorothy was so amazed by. this gal
lant attention that she was over be
fore she spoke a word. As Richard
landed her, light as a leaf, within her
father's portals, she* said in remon
strance:
• "What made you do it? Did you not
see that odious Storri coming?-'
"It was for Storri I dfd it. I wanted
to emphasize some remarks I had the
honor to make to him this afternoon."
Dorothy fluttered to her room to prcV
pare for the 7% o'clock dinner, whilo
her unconventional loved one . turned
with a hope of meeting Storri. ~. The
fierce truth was, Richard,, who, as you
have been told, was at bottom full .as
savage as the Russian, liad gone hun
gering for hostilities with tlutt noble
man. .Storri's comments on Dorothy
had exploded all the hateful powder in
Richard's composition.
.Storri may have had some . glint 'Qf
Richard's feeling; sure it was that, al-.
though bent upon dining at the Har
ley house when he was so unexpected-"
ly treated by Richard and Dorothy to
that picture of Paul and Virginia, mod
ernized, he wheeled upon his heel and
disappeared. Richard, search as \u25a0" he
might, met never the. shadow nor the
ghost of Storri. . "
Storri went direct to his rooms. AH the
wolves of anger and jealousy and, hate
were tearing at his; soul.' Richard's
threats; and he too craven' to make re
ply! Dorothy in Richard's arms; and. he
powerless to interfere!' Thu "day had "been '?\u25a0
v day of fire for him. He must make a.
plan; he must have, revenge.. •, .'-L-V-^
Full of a black" resolve,^ Storri tore, open r ,
his desk. He took out those ' French '
fharcs and fluttered" the little package .of
papers* between his angry """lingers '• as- ,
though the feel of them could give him ';
consolation. He looked at those poor for-;
geries of his name by Mr. Harley. Then
he wrcte a note to that gentleman and-,
urged him. by every name of business, to'
call without delay. Mr. Harley must
come at once. The note in, the hands of :
a messenger, Storri commenced to rove
the floor like a rage-frenzied beast.
"We shall see!" he cried, tossing his
hands. "I have the father in mylingers— \u25a0
aye! in these fingers! I can pull' him to
pieces like a toasted lark— yes, limb from
pinion, I, Storri, shall tear him asunder!
I can torture, I can crush!. He is mine
to destroy! My power over him shall be'
my power over her! The stubborn-.Doro
thy shall come to me on her knees— to
me, Storri, whom she has affronted! She
shall beg my favor for her father! .What
should be the ransom? Who shall meas
ure my demands when I have conquered?
I, who am to have my neck twisted— l,
who am to be beaten like a dog— l_shall
name to her ' the terms. They shall be
ruin— ruin for her, ruin for him, ruin for
all who have put their slights upon me:
The proud' Dorothy must give .me/herself
to buy her father's safety! Her pride
shall creep, her face lie In the dust!. She
shall i>e Storri's! When her beauty fades
—in a year— in two years— l will cast her
aside;*!, Storri, whom these feeble'peo
ple have defied!" ' \u25a0
In the midst of the ravings of'the hate
racked Storri there came a tap. A card'
was thrust in. Storri's onyx eyes gloated
as he read the' name.
»'Harky!" said Stoiri. Then tp the^onc'
at the door: "Have him up!" His voice
sunk to an exultant whisper as he heard
. Mr. Harley's step in the hall. "Now; is
my vengeance to begin the feast!,. They
shall know, these feeble ones," what it is
to brave a Russian!"
ciiAin'En xi.
IloT<r air. Hnrloy^ Found Himself a
Forjjer. .
In the economy of the Harleys the gray
mare was the . better horse, at least the
gray mare thought so. Mrs. . Hanway-
Harley put no faith in Mr. Harley. He
was an 'acaulescent- if not an -obedient
husband and rather than bicker "would
submit tp be ' moderately henpecked.
When the henpecking was carried to ex
cess Mr. Harley did not- peck back; he
clapped on his hat, bolted for the door
and escaped. These measures, while ef
fective' in so far that they carried Mr.
Harley* beyond the immediate range of
Mrs. Hanway-Harley's guns, left that
wife and mother with a depleted opinion
of Mr: Harley. She could not respect one
who failed to give her battle, being of
fered proper urovocation: and in that
Mrs. llanway-Harley was one with all
the world. To fight is now and then an
obligation.
Thinking thus lightly of , Mr. Harley
and remembering,' too, that Dorothy could
coil him round her finger, quell him with
a tear, Mrs. Hanway-Harleydid not take
him into -her confidence as \u25a0 to . those \u25a0 love
proffers cf Storri,' and Dorothy's rebellion.
What would have been' the good? MrJ
Harley*s M advice .was nothing, while his
countenance, as far as it went, would be
given to Dorothy the \u25a0 disobedient. • Also,
he* would go to Senator Hanway with the
tangle. Such a course might bring her
brother actively upon the field; and Mrs.
Hanway-Harley had gleaned enough from
her talk with Senator Hanway to know
that, should he assume a part, It would
not be in support of her interest. These
considerations came arid went- in- Mrs.
=THE • SAN FRANCISCO @ SUNDAY . : CALL.
Hanway rllarley's mind, with the . result
that she , decided to say nothing to Mr. ; |
Harley. .. \u25a0 • \;-* )'" -..
Dorothy, \u25a0 for. argument of modesty and
a- girl's '.reserve,* emulated^ her mother's
example of j silence. • For | one - thing, she
felt herself, in .no danger. As lasainst
the ' demands •- of Mrs. Hanway-Harley/-
Dorothy. . thus far, had held} the high
ground. . Moreover, she was confident- of ,
.final victory. V No one could i compel her :
either to , receive ; Storri's. addresses or : .
cease to think of Richard. Dorpthy added-;
to this . the f knowledge that, : should she,
draw i Mr. -Harley ..into her troubles by •;
even so much as a word of j their ex- |
istence, Rtrs. -Hanway-Harley. might . be
relied upon from that moment to charge .
him with being the author, of every dis
appointment \u0084she -,'; underwent, s Thus it
came to pass. that, as = Mr. Harley com
placeijtly. sat down, to dinner v that par
' ticular New, Year's evening; he had.not
been given, a. murmur of those loves and,
hates \u25a0 and commands and defiances and
promises and intermediations which made
busy the closing days of the; recent. year
for Dorothy. Richard, Bess, Storri, and
Mrs. Hanway-Harley. Mr. ! Harley pos
sessed: an: excellent appetite, that -New.
Year's evening; it might have been dimin
ished of edge had his ignorance been less.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley looked for Storri
-to, drop -in., but since the promise of his
coming was: known only to herself^-she
did not, can*'. to; furnish the news of it. to
Dorothy the rebellious— the failure of that
nobl^manto appear .bred no general dis- .
may. The. dinner went' soberly forward,
and Mr.' Harley especially derived great
benefit therefrom.. ;.• . ,• •;.\u25a0'-..
- Mr". Harley had, just finished his final
glass of wine, and was saying, something
fictional about- a gentleman': at--the ! Ar
lington upon whom he ought to, call, and
what a bore calling upon the fictional
gentleman would be, when Storri's note
cameinto his hands. He glanced it over,
and then seized upon it as ths very thing
to furnish a look of integrity to his story
of the : - mythical- one. He gave the note
a petulant slap with the back of his fin
gers, and remarked ,
"I dcclaxe! Hare he is writing me to
come at once."
Mr. Harley got Into his hat and coat,
and then got^ into the street, observing
;i3 he did so that he feared thebuslness
in hand might keep him far into the
morning. ; •
The guilty truth. was this: Mr. Harley
concealed a* private purpose to plAy cards
with' a select circle of statesmen*] who
'owned a taste, to begin the year ."with
draw poker :at Chamberllh's.- However,
there existed In the destinies of 'Mr: I lar
ley not the faintesM<all _for all this ckib
'oration of- deceit. Mrs. * Hanway- Harfey
• would* not : have uttered '.a, 'whisper of ob
jection had he openly declared: for an ab
sence of a- fortnight, with the design of
playing poker. . nothing but poker, every
moment of the time.'. But'it is the vain
• "fancy of .some "men to believe themselves
and : their company' -those things '.most
longed for at \u25a0home," when tho'precise con
:verse of such condition- of longing is the
'one which existsf,- and this ."'fancy- was
among the weaknesses of Mr. \u25a0 Harley.- Be
sides,'he revered the truth so much that,
like his Sunday coat, he employed; it only
on rare occasions, and when advantage
' 'could- ".be arrived'- at in no other; way.
Tru th was • a pearl, and . Mr. Harvey felt
\u25a0 strongly against, casting -it before ; the
swine of every common occurrence. -when
mendacity 'would J do 'as -well- or. better.
. AVherefore,-an'd -to Reep':hls hand" : in;, Mr..
»fnV«iriably romanced, in .whatever
\u25a0'he' vouchsafed of or »hls .to
• Mrs.: Hanway-Harley. Nor 'was . thlsiso*
as. at a first- blink. it might seem?
r ,lt Mr.. Harley misled. Mrs. Hanway^Har- :
, -ley; as tor his personal, movements; she tin
freturn told him nothing atall'ofiher.'dwri;
.-..thef result; : to wit; -.total' darkness,^ being'
the same for ? both. • HQwever.vthey
". perfectly satisfied, rightly: esteeming:, the
\' : situation., one wherein, if ; Ignorance '..were
not bliss, at least it was 'folly to be wise.
The winter evening, still, not cold,. r was
clear and crisp, ; .with the : snow squeakr
; ing cheerfully under foot, and'-Mr. jHarley
waddled on ' his way toward* Storri's door,
in that blandness" of mood iV/hich^cqmes
'to on: whose wine. and dinner, and stom
ach.are in. comfortable accord, -Waddled
is- the word: for with his short' legs,' and
that ' profundity >~of ; belt -proper to'gentle
men who have.rea'ched:the thither side of
. middle nge, and; given years; to- good;eat
ing and drinking,' Mr. Harley, had long
since ceased to walk., \u25a0• . .
Air. Harley .was, not surprised uy me
urgent character of Storri's summons.
Doubtless, the : business, related to Credit
Magellan, and what steps in; Wall street
and the Senate were being taken, for i
conquest of Northern Consolidated.",' -A"P
fairs in those theaters of commercial, ef
fort: wero, as they,;; should be..' 1 Things,
were ' moving slo v.iy , they must jof .neces-.
slty move slowly, and- Storri had, grown
impatient. The Russian's warmth was
expected; Jtr. Harley'had read hjm'long
since like a primer book. '„" Storri was.ex
citable; volatile, full of fever, and im
pulse, prone to go. off at tangents.-. In
some stress of nerves he had \u25a0_ sent ."for
Mr/ Harley 'to urge expedition or ask "for
explanations. '„•' The thing, had chanced
before. Mr. "Harley would coOl.him into
calmness, with, a dozen . words. — Storri's
poise restored, Mr. Harley would seek
those speculative statesmen,, lusting for
draw, poker. He should. be, with ; them by
ton 1 o'clock— a ripe hour: for cards. } Mr.
Harley would oppose, poker in its usual
'form and argue, for :. table-stakes.— five'
thousand 1 dollars a ccrne'r.'"". Two of "the
speculative statesmen ..were _ not* worth
five thousand; dollars. So ; much the bet
ter; in : case he" were fortunate, Mr. Har
ley would accept their paper. The ;last
was to be preferred to money.; Mr. Harley
had many irons of legislation in the Con
gressional fires; 1 a statesman's note ! :of
hand^ should, operate " to. pave "the way
when his. influence and 'his \vote. were^to
be asked for.: "Should. Mr. Harley lose at
poker, his ; losses ' would -jbe i. charged
against that railroad and those coal com
panies whose "Interests about Congress it
was Mr. Harley's mission to conserve.
Thore was no doubt of the propriety/;6f
such charges; they belonged.' in. any I;ac
count which was intended to register the
cost df» legislation. ' If you but stop- and
think, : you must see the truth -of > the
above. Thus cantered the 'cogitations of
Mr. Harley until, fetching up at'his'jour
ney's end, he' sent in his card v to Storri.
At Mr. Harley's' appearance, Storri's
arm-tossing <and raving ended abruptly.
He became oily and- purr ingly : suave;; and
bid Mr. -Harley light a cigar which He
tendered. 'A' cat will play with a mouse
; before' coming to the nnaKklll ; and there
was.a; broad streak of the" feline in , Stor
rL\: Now;: that *his\ victim was within
'spring, he would play -with him' as pre
'limlnaryf t6. ; the supreme joy of that last
\u25a0 lethal 'crunch. • '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0..,''\u25a0.•\u25a0 - ' '\u25a0 "'
'\u25a0 '.Following \u25a0'• the usual 5 salutations, Mr.
Harley -'sat in peace' and' favor with";hini
• self ,' '\u25a0'•\u25a0 waiting - for C Storf i ; begin: ;He
would let Storrivent'his excitement,' blow
off steam,' as 'Mr.' •\u25a0 Harley "•. expressed '. it?
"and then , he would go about those calm
ative steps of explanation"-' arid assurance
suggestedof the case. \u25a0", , ; * ; '\u25a0'" >fs*' ; •.
• Storri strode >;up "and ] down, eying *, Mr.
Harley'with a mixed expression 'of. cru T
elty .and trlumfjh 'which?' had i M>. Harley
caught the picture;; of v it, « might-:" have
made him feel" uneasy.** However*. Mr.
Harley .'vwas* -not^looking at Storri. ; He
was thinking of ending , the interview as I
qulckjy and .convenientljL.as he might and
hurrying; posthaste to T these speculative
ones. : '•.. - -a -v ; - \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0 V' •
."Why did- I. \ bring "you here to-night?"
\u25a0 asked Stbrri: at last. \u25a0 \u0084 \u0084 .
"', '.'Northern ; \ Consolidated,* ' I suppose,"
said. Mr. .' Harley, looking up. •_ '\u0084 \u25a0•:,
: ; Storri laughed, and a white flash of hi^
teeth showed in a tigerish .way. .
'VCoine!" cried. Storri,, smiting his hands
in a; kind of rapture of. cruelty; ."I will
, not, what" yoii : . call , it," ' beat" about { the'
bush.". It; is not Credit Magellan; 'it is not
Northern. Consolidated; no, it is' not busi
hiess "at: all.'^ What! shall Storri be for
.ever.at, some- grind of business?.'.. Shall'
"he never'pause. for love? My Czar would
\u25a0tell. you' another. tale. "^Listen, my friend.
1. have 'done you .the7honor— T, Stoiri, a
Russian ~n6bleman, have done ' you the
honor to 'adore your daughter.". '
. Mr. . Harley. gaped and stared ; he . could
'_not ' have 'been ' more impressed had the
statue of. Liberty which' topped trie Capi
\u25a0 tol'dom'tj .stepped down for a stnlll in the
Capitol; grounds. ; : And "yet he was not-
Bhockfd; if . Dorothy had decided on Stor
ri for her, : husband, ; well and good;; he
was too "indulgent a father to quarrel
with her.. ,'. ',
,; "I have;spoken.to Mrs. Hanway-Harley
of- my. passion." continued 'Storri; still
pacing to: and fro." "She is so charming
as :to encourage It."
\u25a0 "Why, % then." broke In Mr. Harley. in
evident relief, "you have, gone the ri;ht
way about matter. If my ; wife fa
vors you, 'assuredly* you may count upon
my consent." ;
"Bah!" ; Teturried ; Storri, snapping f nis
fingers. *-' "Mrs. Hanway-Harley consents;
-you consent; I am nattered. The fastid
ious Mlss?'Dorbthy, however, refuses my
love— puts -;lt ' aside! Storri Is not the
man! On ; my soul! 'Storri is declined by
a little • American who draws her 'blood
from peasants!" and Storri threw
his hands palm; upward, expressing self
contempt; in" view of the Insult thus' put
upon him. • ' ' : '."'\u25a0" .','
"Does r my daughter decline your love?"
" "It js not that.". Storri could not for his
vanity's sake, even after, he himself had
used them, ; accept those terms. "Hnr
heart ha?— what shall we say?— a tenant.
Your daughter has gone among her own
kind with her love. It is' that fellow
Storms— it is he: whom your tlaushter's
taste prefers." i. ;
"Dorothy loves Mr. Storms." said Mr.
Harloy,. speaking slowly, as men will on
the receipt of surprising news. "And' she
does not love' you." After a thoughtful
pause Mr. Harley concluded: "It is a
( subject about which I should hesitate to
counsel; my daughter." \u25a0
' '.'I do not ask you to counsel her: you
shall compel; her." \u25a0/ ~}j? " i ' : ;
"Why, 1 , sir!" exclaimed ' Mr. Harley.
starting. up arid growing apoplectic with
anger, ,',' do you imagine that I'll force my
child, into -your arms? If you were that
Czar whom- you are so fond 'of quoting
i; would, not. do it!" - :'
j This came oft in a great burst, and Mr.
Harley 4 in his turn began to pace the
floor. 1 The! two passed and repassed each
othorias they walked up and down, Mr.
Harley miffing and swelling, • Storri sur«
.veyir.g' him' with leering superiority. ij
"Sit downi" cried Storri suddenly after
"a minute spent In marching and counter
marching. VI will show you -that you are
': in, my -hand." '
• Storri ': had become calm and business
like; his ;new manner mystified Mr.'Har
- ley,- and : upon ; him: He dropped
>'inso"j'the < chair to which Storri ; motioned
.- Uim 'l-v r From his pocket Storri - tpok out
-liose; French shares. •
you sec where ' you forged my
• i^p-mi,?". said he. "Can you : teir me the
jppriishment for forgery?" ;*
panted Mr. Harley, In a
'/whirl of rage and wonder. "Did you not
•tell me to write your name? Was it not
\u25a0to sustain your deal in" sugar?"
'1 "Come— you Harley— you John Harley,"
.'returned ' Storri, h'.s cruelty beginning to
.\u25a0-bubble' \u25a0: into exultation, "how small a
thing you ' are when opposed ;to Storri !
See, no\v"; it begins when you sacrifice for
me those J7OOO. It was thin I set a trap
for you— you, . the cunning Mr. Harley!
It was, so simple; V need only give you : a
.. chance* to forge my name and you forge'it.
From that moment' you have had but the
one alternative. ' You; must follow my
commands' or you must take the common
course '"of v and :go to -prison.
And now— you Harley— you John Harley—
you, who pride : yourself for your respec
tability," for our place' in the world, for
your illustrious relative, Senator Han
way—hear ;' me : •• .--You . are to ibet} my
slave— -my\ ''doe to fetch and carry. You
are to,"do;my will of I ! swear by my
Czar and by the -heart in the breast of
my Czar 'that I'll drag you before: the
. world as a felon." •.
\u25a0Storri 'delivered this menace with, a
ruthless energy that sent it homelike a
' javelin.,' ,;lt struck ...o' color frrffn' the
' ruddyvcouhtenance of Mr. Harley and
left him white 'as linen three times
bleached.'
"Yes,".- went on the vindictive -Storri
, in an exultant crow, "o.d you little peo
ple belieye you were to laugh at Storri
and p:iys : unpunished? '" Did you, think
to insult him \u25a0 and- escape his vengeance?
Bah ! the superfine Dorothy ' is ' to spurn
Storri for-.a varlet like this Storms!
Sheis 1 to" laugh at Storri's lovo,and 3 tell
how she -.refused al nobleman! "Excel
lent;~we shall see her" laugh when her
' father— -Mr.: Harley-^John' Harlcy-^ttie
great John "Harley— -brother-by-law ' of
the, "still greater Senator \u25a0 Hanway—
stands in the. dock as a forger. Will
not our Dorothy laugh? 'John .Harley,
forprer:* why not!"'' \u25a0 '
Mr. Harley "sat 'ghastly : and still,
while ytorri rambled on for the mere
pleasure of torture. • He did'^not leave
" Mr. Harley a hope: where withi to prop
himself. The ddearl r in sugar had I been
in -Mr. . Harley's sole •\u25a0''namc^an ihdi
' vidual' deal.- '\u25a0 There' was 'not the flour
ish of a pen to" : prove Storri's. interest.
\u25a0Storri ; would - even; show .'how. for ;that
•very, sugar ..stock, in that " very
he\was dcallrijj'ithe' other Avay', selling
.^\u25a0IOjOOO shares.' ; • ;! il "^ " i ; - ! , * ;,
;A','But you, paid your half of the losses
lln tho deal ;in my name." .Mr. Hurley's
.voice,'" commonly ; rich 1 and full. '"was
huskily- dry. "That, when I show' it,
will prove your interest." ' " • ;..
.: ' "And how are you -to show it?"- cried
.Storri. "I; paid in' money; .1" did -uot
give you acheck. ; There's not : ah -ex
culpatory; scrdp at bank or broker's in
your defense. You make a- deal; v you
\u25a0are crowded [tot] margins; you- have -miy
French shares in .-your pocket 'as - : my
-age>nt in another; transaction; you^ of
fer.' them; tho" •broker 1 ' will: not \u25a0 accept;
i they db not ;; have" my - signature; >\u25a0 yttu
are/back; ih":five;;mlnutes with; a;\forg.
\u25a0'ery.-and obtain :the money.' you -require.'
I The thing is. complete;* I tall:you. \u25a0Har
; jey^-John \u25a0' • Harley— you : are ' ; ' : trapped.
':x..ere 'Is no escape; 'I-' have -'nijr.«_kneo
I'your1 ' your neok."'''^ • '•'•\u25a0• '•"''. '\u25a0'.'.
V'Mr.; Harley,> still t white. ' was
Vning; to i regain •• his." montarifeet. "He
• saw,,- the apparent' hold ' that , Storri ; Had
\u25a0upon. him. . It was enough. ';To be meTe
".rly "Charged "as v a 'forger— -to* be- apprj?-,
chended- as * : aVcrlmihal,^ would-be.-'" ruin.'
/utter -ruin, evehVif ,'the ? affalr lwere-there
to >nd. It:7would ''* mean X the \u25a0 downfall
\u25a0of 'Senator Hanway'st hopes of a': White
House. The simple arrest — it. would go
like. .Wildfire throughout." the 'press — •.
meant destruction for Senator Han
way. "for Dorothy, for : Mrs. ' Hanway-
Harley.. for. aIL .• :. . . . \u25a0
.White and stricken. "? Mr. •" Harley pon
dered ,•• these ; questions, .while Storri
watched him. Storri himself did not care
to push for extremes. In. his vain egot
ism, which was like a madness, he would
not have scrupled to brand Mr. Harley
as a forger had he been defied. But such
a step was not what Storri. aimed at. It
.was. his own possession of Dorothy rath
er, than a vengeance upon'-Mr. . Harley •
that he sought to compass. Therefore,
as Storri made plain his power ' and
threatened, its' exercise, .he considered
Mr. Harley with the narrow lntentrfess;
of .a lynx, lie was striving to measure
the other's resistance. He noted the hor-."
ror of. Mr. Harley. at the term forger;
he. observed Mr. Harley's growing sense
of helplessness as he. Storri. forth
how Mr. Harley lay In '.the, tolls. Now.,
when Mr. Harley was j prostrate beneath
the harrow of every alarm,; Storri," sure of
success, went off on an : easier ; tack— that
Is, easier for, Mr"" Harley. ; ,' . '** . „.
"But. why" do we lose .our self-control?"
cried Storri, .voice]' and "manner changed
from, black to. white, clouds to' sunshine;.
'.'we are men,' not angry .children! . See,'
now, ,I, I "want nothing a, gentleman* of
honor- . might " not grant. • I love your
daughter — good! /.a .Russian nobleman
loves your daughter! Is that 'disgrace 7
You approve; your wife approves! The
daughter is young; she must- b« wooed
before she is won. What then: Is Storri
to despair* The lady would put Storri's
love to tluj" test. She says: 'You must
court me, before you shallowed me. You
are' not to have me without a struggle,
lest you think me of small worth.' The
lady, has pride; the lady has discretion:
the lady sets a value upon herself. Why
should she not? It compels me, Storri,
to appreciate her charms still more ana
more. There; I have painted the state of
affairs. I have now but two requests; I
will not call those requests commands."
and Storri rustled the French shares sug
gestively. "ICo, I am to call them re
quests. Can you not exercise a paternal
authority to have your daughter receive
my respectful visits? Also, can you not
exercise it to p».U an end. absolutely an
ertd, to her interviews with this Mr.
Storms?"
"How can I compel her?"
"You must do it!" roared Storri. hi 3
anger taking renewed edge. "You must,
you shall! What! am I to be thwarted,
affronted, undone by a girl? ,Two things
I demand: she is to see me; and she is
not to see that Storms. Do I ask much .
It is little for a child to pay for a father's
safety, little for a man to pay fcr his own.
What forger or what forger's daughter
has made such terms? 'Bah!"
The insult scarcely roused Mr. Harley;
he was stunned, his face was clammy with
sweat. It was like a dream of horror:
Look where he would, there sho-wed
but the. one door of escape. Storri was
to see Dorothy; Dorothy was not to see
Richard.
After all, it did not present unbearable
conditions. More6ver, time would bring
about its shifts. In a week, in a month,
in six .months, Mr. Harley might have
Storri helpless as Storrl now had him.
It was "a case for delay; Mr. Harley
must have breathing space.
"That is all you require?" said' Mr.
Harley, his voice the same dry, husky
croak.' "You. are to see my daughter, and
Mr. Storms is not to see her?"
"Do that, and I will answer the
balance!" cried Storri. "Do that, and she
will love me— she will be my wife!" :.-.
. "And no more talk of— of forgeries?"
"My dear Mr. Harley!" exclaimed'Stor
ri, .."I am a 1a 1 gentleman— a Russian gen
tleman. I ask you. In candor, does a
gentleman arrest his wife's father on a
charge of forgery? <£ome, let us have
confidence in . one" another. We are
friends, are we not?— we, who are. to be
in closer alliance when your daughter be
comes my Countess "wife. Bah! who shall
talk of forgeries then?!'
The evening was still young— 9 o'clock—
when Mr. Harley found himself again in
the street, bending hid slow step home
ward. ,He was wholly adrift now from
any thought of those speculative onps at
Chamberlin's. What Storri had said en
grossed him miserably. He entertained
no doubt but what Storri would carry
into execution those threats^ of arrest
'should'; his r' desires concerning Dorothy
meet with opposition. The fear o{ his
own disgrace appalled Mr. Harley. He
did not Jack for courage, but his inter-,
view with Storri had buried. him beneath
a ppell of terror.
. It. was peculiarly a condition to fright
en' Mr. Harley to the core. He* was
coarse way. of the fortune hs
had gathered. He had based himself. on
his position as a business, not to say a
legislative, force, and used It to patronize,
not always delicately,* those among his
fellows who had not climbed so high. In
exacting what was a money due he had
ever proceeded with but little scruple. He
had measured his right by measuring his
strength,, and had not failed to take his
pound of flesh.. In brief, Mr. Harley, pos
sessing, like many another fat gentle
man,those numerous porcine traits of
brutal selfishness and a lack of sentiment
or sympathy, had considered always his
own interests, follbwing them though
they, took him roughshod over another's
. dearest, hopes. For which good reasons
Mr. .\u25a0 Harley had foes, and :knew\it; there
would.be.no absence of rejoicing over his
" downfall. .-1 '.'_,'\u25a0' '.»... .
But ~ what-'could Mr. Harley offer for
defense. -What, \u25a0beypnd mere ' compli
ance: with Storri's wishes,- might
avert, those calamities that seemed
"swinging In the air. above ' him?
-He' considered everything, and dc
yiscrV nothing; he was* like a. man
"without, eyes or*, as one shut .in V by
'night." :, In his 'desperation : a flighty
thought of taking Storri's life appealed
-to him for one murderous moment. It
.was .only for a. moment, and then, he
•thrust ir . aside with :;i shudder; not
from any morality, ' but his instant
Commort sense showed how insane it
would he as a method, of escape, and
with, that he shrank from it as from n.
j'recipice. \ A ml -yet there", was tobe no
standing" still; "he must push on in
\u25a0\u25a0 some \u25a0•.direction.
\u25a0 'Mr^Harley, being himself a business
. soul, did 'riot omit* to consider : how. far
Storri might be held at bay by shpwins
htm,, the certain "destruction :of Credit
Magellan should he "persist to the bit
'; ter length of forgery charges and open
war: ,'Mri might be disgraced.
destroyed;' but what .then? Storri's
plans: would [ assuredly bo trampled
.flat; \u25a0.millions, about to come into his
hands, would be swept away.
i ' j 'These, "as 'arguments* to be addressed
to Stbrri. -no 1 sooner entered the mind
f offMr. Harley than he dismissed them
.us* offeringr : no solution •of his *ptril3.
He had,felt. rather than seen.the "baV
v'barlsm "of, Storri • beneath the: tissue of
\u25a0:'* what thsit nobleman would j have; styled
- his ; elegrafif. refinement/ ; Storri was -a
V coward, and therefore Storri was ma
i'lignaritt!- he had shown, as ho' -went
disgrace to^Mr.^ Harley, that
of evil \u25a0 which ;is : remarked"> in
f and cruel children. Storri was
- dominated of a passion' for revenge;
under sway or tnat passton no ccanca
of .money loss would stay him; he
would sacrifice all * and begin hi 3
schemes . anew before he would deny
himself those vainglorious trlumpa
upon which he had set his heart. He
hated Richard; he hungered for Dor
othy; and Mr. Harley knew how ha
would go to every extravagant extent
tn feeding: those two sentiments.
Mr. Harley sighed dismally as he re
viewed theso conditions; he could
io nothing, and must serve, or seem to
serve, the Tlllain humor of Storri.
What were those two demands? Storri
must meet Dorothy, and Richard must
dot. . There was no help; Mr. Harley
in his present stress would see Dorothy
md be£ her co-operation. He would
not tell the whole story, but he would
3ay that he was borne upon by trou
ble and ask her to acquiesce in Storri's
conditions. He would promise 'that
those conditions were not to live for
ever.
Deciding thus. Mr. Harley went for
ward on his homeward course; he must
see Dorothy without delay, for ha
would be upon the rack until tha pain
ful conference was over. The night
was chill as New Year's nights hava
v right to be. and yet Mr. Harley was
fain to mop his forehead as thoujrh *t
\u25a0were. the dog days. As he neared his
own door his reluctant pace became as
slow as- sick men find the night of
time. ,
There had come no one to the Harley
New Year's, evening to engage tha po
lite attentions of Mrs. Hanway-Harley,
and that lady, being armored to J tha
teeth, in the name of comfort had re
tired to her' own apartments with a
purpose t to unloose what buttons and
remove what pins and' untie what
strings stood between her and a great
bodily relief. Dorothy was of neither
the size nor the years at which women
torture themselves, and, having no
quarrel with her buttons and pins and
strings, sat alone in the library. She
was deep in a novel that reeled with
ardent love and had fallen to despis
ing the lover because he did not re
semble Richard.
It was in the library that Mr. Har
ley came seeking Dorothy. When he
found her he stood stock still N unable
to speak one word of all that tide of
talk which would be necessary to
bring before her h^ dangerous perplex
ities and the one manner of their pos
sible relief. \u2666
Dorothy at his step looked up,
pleased to have him home so early.
She was about to say as much, but at
sight of him the words perished on her
tongue. It was as though her heart
were touched with ice^ Mr. Harley's
countenance had been of that quasi
claret hue called rubicund. It was now
turned gray and pasty and his cheeks,
as firmly round as those of a trumpet
er, were pouched and fallen as with the
palsy of age. He looked ten years
worse than when he went forth two
hours before.
Dorothy sprang up In alarm; she
feared that he was ill.
"Let me call mamma!" she cried; "let
me call Uncle Pat! You are sick."
"No; call nobody!" said Mr. Harley
feebly, and speaking with difficulty.
•'I'm^not ill; I'll be right in a moment."
Then he had Dorothy back into her
chair, gazing upon her the while In a
stricken way, as though she were
nangman or headsman, and he before
her for execution. lir. Harley was
held between terror of Storri and
shame for what he must say to Dor
othy. Wondering: what fearful blow
had fallen upon them Dorothy sat fac
ing her father the color of death.
"Tell me. papa," she whispered, with
a terror in her tones, "tell me what has
happened."
Despair brought a sickly calmness to
Mr. Harley; he cleared his mind with a
struggle and controlled himself to
speak. He would say all at once and
leave the rest with Dorothy.
"Dorothy," he began, the Iron effort
he was making being plainly appar
ent, "Dorothy, I have had a talk with
that scoundrel without Ti conscience.
Count Storri. I do not pretend that I
come. willingly to you from him. I tell
you, however, that I am fearfully with
in ihat villain's- power, and cannot help
myself. No, I've done no crime, but
none the less he has it in his hands to
cover me with disgrace— destroy me. and
every sign of me. from the midst of re
spectable men. \i would avail nothing
should I show you how he spread a snare
for my feet, and how blindly I walked
into It. I can only say again that he has
me helpless, hand and foot; I am his to
make or break in all that a man of honor
or station holds dearest. He can cover
me with Infamy at will; he can unloose
upon me an avalanche of disgrace, and
with the one blow crush us all. I keep
back nothing, exaggerate nothing. I mere
ly lay bare to you what ia. Once the
stroke falls I shall never again hold up
my head. Indeed, I shall not live to see
it fall, for when I know It Is inevitable
I shall take mv own life."
Mr. Harley pause* a moment to recall
his coolness, while Dorothy, her little'
hands crushed between her knees, sat
panting like a spent hare.
"I have given you my precise position,"
continued Mr. Harley, with a sort of
hopelessness. "I shall now tell you the
conditions upon which my safety depends.
They rest with you; 1 stand or fall as you
decide." Dorothy tried to soeak, but her
voice died on her lips. "If you receive
Count Storri, not as a lover, but as an
acquaintance, or, if you will, a friend;
and If you have no further meeting— that
Is. for a month— or perhaps two— or at, the
most three— have no further Interviews,
I say"— Mr. Harley blundered a trifle as
he saw Dorothy's face whitening with the
sorrows he was laying upon her— "have
no further interviews with Mr. Storms, I
am saved. Forgive me. forgive your
father who has so failed of his duty that,
instead of protecting you. he comes to
you for protection. There is no more:
You have my fortune, my good repute,
my life in your charge. If you meet
Count Storri in friendship. If you refuse
Mr. Storms, lam secure. Should you fail
of either, then, by heart and soul! I
think it 13 my end!"
CHAPTER XII.
How Mr. Popllaer Was Inspired.
\u25a0 Next to Richard, Dorothy worshiped
her father. "Women never weigh men
closely; with them it is the kindness of
men that counts, and all her life no one
could . have been more generously . affec
tionate than was Mr. Harley to Dorothy.
And now her estimate of him became
her. memory of his unflagging goodness;
and this kept her from harsh Judgment as
he' told what heartbreaking sacrifices she
must make. Nor did she distrust a syl
lable: nor would she ask for explanation.
The latter she would avoid; it was enough,
that Storri held her father at hi 3 horrid
mercy. As against the setting forth in
detail of Storri's cruel power she in
stinctively closed her ears as she would
have shut her eyea against a fearsome
sight. Dorothy had never a. question;
and when Mr. Harley was done she seem-Ed simply to bow to the will of event*
too strong for her to cope with.
"But you must never ask m© to marry
that man!" cried Dorothy. There went
a tremor through her words that marked
how deep of root was the feeling that
prompted them. "I couldn't, wouldn't
marry him I Before that I would die
yes, and die a gain I You must not ask
it!" and she lifted up her face, all wrung
with j>aln and anxious terror.
"I shall never ask it!" declared Mr.
Harley; and he spoke stoutly, for the
worst was over and his heart was com-
Ir.g back. This . rave Dorothy a better
confidence, and she began to hope that
things in the end might come fairer than
they threatened. "No," repeated Mr. Har
ley with even greater courage, and
smoothing; her black, thick hair In a fath
erly way, "you shall never be asked to
marry the scoundrel. That I promise; -
and let him do his worst."
And now, when both were measurably
recovered from the shame and the shock \
of It, Mr. Harley began to elaborate. He
went no further, however, than Just to
point out how nothing was really required
of Dorothy beyond those* common courte
sies rood women exhibit to what men
the respectable chances of existence bring
into their society. He said nothing, ask
ed nothing concerning her lore for Rich
ards he appeared to consider that love
admitted, and found no fault with it.
What ht impressed upon Dorothy was the
present danger of her love's display, and
hjw his safety retted upon her not meet
ing with Richard for a spaoe. Surely
that might be borne; It would not be for
long. Given room wherein to work, he,
Mr. Harley, would find some pathway out.
Also, it would be unwise to say aught
of what had taken place to Dorothy's
mother. Mr. Harley and Dorothy would
keep it secret from both Mrs. Hanway-
Harley and Senator Hanway. Storrl
would not broach the subject to Mrs.
Hanway-Harley; he could not without re
vealing more than he desired known.
"Nor will the rascal do more," ob
served Mr. Harley, with the hope of add
ing to the fortitude of Dorothy, "than
come here now and then to dine or elt an
hour. That is all he will count upon;
and before he seeks anything nearer I'll
have him under my foot as now he has
me under his. When th,at hour comes,"
concluded Mr, Harley. rapping out a sud
den great oath that made Dorothy start
in her frock, "there will be no saving
limits in his favor, rll apply the torch
and burn him like so much refuse off the
earth."
When Mrs. Hanway-Harley endeavored
to break Dorothy to the yoke of her am
bitions concerning Storrl, Dorothy '
sparkled and blazed and wept and did
those divers warlike things that ladies
do when engaged in conflict with each
other. Dorothy, down In her heart, attach
ed no more than a surface importance to -
the efforts of Mrs. Hanway-Harley; and
that was the reason why on those fierce
occasions she only sparkled and blazed
and wept. Now, be it known, what Mr.
Harley told her seared like hot iron;
what he. asked of kindness to Storri and
cruelty to Richard cut like a knife; and
yet there was never tear nor spark to
Ehow throughout. She waited cold and
white and steady. Dorothy was con
vinced of her father's danger without
knowing its cause or what form it might
take; and she filled up with a resolution
to do whatever she could, saving only
the acceptance of Storri and his love, to
buckler him against it. Nor was this
difference which Dorothy made between
Mrs. Hanway-Harley and Mrs. Harley
to be marveled at; for Just as a mother
exerts more Influence over . a son than
would his father, so will a father have
weight with a daughter beyond any that
her mother might possess.
While Dorothy remained firm and brave
as Mr. Harley revealed his troubles and
their remedy, she broke down later when
she found herself in her own room. She
did not call her maid; she must be alone.
What had transpired began to come
over her in such slow fashion that she
was given time to fully feel the ignoble
position into which she had fallen. She
must n. t see the man whom she adored;
she must mcct — with politeness even if
she could not with grace — the man whom
she loathed. To one of Dorothy's spirit
and rineness there dwelt in this an in
famy, a baseness, of which Mr. Harley
with his lucky coarseness of fiber escaped
all notice.
Throwing herself on the bed, Dorothy
burrowed her face in the pillow and gave
her tears their way. It was the happiest
impulse she could have had; when the
tears were dried, and in the calm of
that relief \u25a0which was their afterglow,
she considered what she had to do. Oh!
if only she might have sought her mother
with her sorrow! Dorothy shivered; her
mother was the ally of her enemy. How
Dorothy hated and feared that black
and savage man! What fiend's power
must he possess to thus gain a fearful
mastery over her father! Wh.at could
be his secret tipped with terror? Dor
othy again buried her face as though
she would hide herself from any blasting
chance of Its discovery.
When Dorothy wa# with Mr., Harley
she had been in a maze, a whirl. Wrap
ped in a cloud of fear, she had reached
out blindly through the awful fog of it
and seized upon the dear fact of Rich
ard. By Richard she held on; by Rich
ard she sustained herself. She entertain
ed no Quaking doubts as to his loyalty;
loyal herself, as ever was flower to sun,
to distrust Richard was to doubt the
ground beneath her little feet. In her
innocence, she felt that sublime confi
dence which is the fruit, the sweet pur
pose, of a young girl's earlieEt love.
Dorothy must write Richard a letter;
she must tell him of the sad gap in
their happiness. Yes; she would put him
in possession of the entire story so far
as it was known to her. He owned a
right to hear it. Must his heart be
broken, and he not learn the secret or
know the author of the blow?
When Dorothy was again mistress of
herself, between sobs and tender show
ers she blotted down those words which
were to warn Richard from her side.
His' love, like her own, would go on;
there was to be no final breaking away.
It was faith in a dear day that should
find them reunited which upheld Doro
thy through the ordeal of her letter; her
prayer was that the day might be close
at hand.
Her letter finished, Dorothy, late as
was the hour, sent for Bess; she must
have some one's love, some one's sympa
thy to lean upon. Bess came; and. saying
no more than she was driven to reveal of
her father's helplessness and Storrl's
baleful strength, Dorothy told Bess what
dolorous fate bad overtaken her.
"I've written Richard to go to you,
Bess," whispered Dorothy at the woeful
close. "Have him write me a letter every
day; I shall write one to him. I didn't
promise not to write, you know, only
not to see him. But you must not let
Richard go to Storrl. that above all. Poor
Richard! he Is very fierce, and if he were
to arouse Storrl's anger it would pro
voke, him to some awrul step."
There was a man of robust curiosity
who once suggested that It would prove
entertaining if one were to lift the roofs
off a city as one might the upper crust
off a pie, and then, looking down into
the very bowels of life, . observe what
plots and counterplots, defeats and tri
umphs, loves and hates, pains and pleas
ures, losses and gains, hopes and despairs,
honors and disgraces belonged with the
struggles of everyday humanity. It Is by
no means sure the survey would repay
the cost of making It, and the chances
run heavily that the student would gather
more grief than goou from the lesson.
Proceeding, however, by the hint of con
tradiction furnished above, had ' one, at j
the moment when Storrl was binding Mr.
Harley by fetters wrought from the
metal of Mr. Harley'g own fearful appre
hensions, glanced in upon Richard, he
would have found that worthy young
gentleman seated by his fireside, uooth
ing|himself with tobacco smoke, and rev
eling in thoughts of Dorothy. And the
cogitations of Richard, if written _ down
in words, would have read like this:
"Why should I defer a denouement that
will rejoice them all? Dorothy loves me
—loves me for myself, and for nothing
but myself. Who could have offered deep
er proof of it? \u25a0 Bhe has come to me in
the face of her mother, in the face of
poverty; she is willing to abandon every
thing to become my wife". And if her
mother objects— as she uoes ooject— why
not cure the objection with a trifle of
truth? I am not seeking to make a
conquest of Mrs. Hanway-Harley; that
tremendous ambition does not claim me.
lam not to marry her. \v she thinks, .
or why ehe thinks It, should not be so
Important It is Dorothy whom I love,
Dorothy .who is to be my wife— none but
Dorothy. No. I*ll end a faroe which no
longer can defend Its own existence. To-,
morrow I'll seek out ray intended mother
in-law, and make her happy In the only
way I may. I trust the good news may
not kill her!** and Richard put on one of
those grins of cynicism.
In this frame Richard retired to bed and
dreamed of Dorothy. His heart was en
joying a prodigious calm; he would no
longer play at Democrltus; he would fill
Mrs. Hanway-Harley's soul with radi
ance, restrain to what extent he might
his contempt for that radiance and the
reason of It, and with Dorothy on his
arm march away to bliss forever after.
No, he would not have Dorothy to the
altar within the moment following the
enthronement of Mrs. Hanway-Harley' ln
the midst of that splendid happiness he
plotted for her. He was not so precipi
tate. Dorothy should have a voice and a
will In fixing her marriage day; most
young women had. But he would advise
expedition — nay, he would pray . for speed
in the matter of that wedlock; for every
hour that barred him from his loved
one's arms would seem an age.
Thus dreamed Richard. And in the
Irony of fate, even while Richard was
coming to these sage, not to say dell
clous, decisions and giving himself to
these dreams, Storrl was raving, Mr.
Harley was cowering, and Dorothy was
weeping and wn.aig that they must not
meet.
When Richard arose in the morning, the
first object his fond eye caught was that
dear hand-write sprawling all across the
envelope: "Mr. Richard Storms." He
tore it open, and this is what he read:
"Dear One: As I write, my heart is
breaking for us both. If I knew how, I
would soften what I must say. Storrl
has gained some fearful ascendency over
papa. Never have I seen papa look so
gray, and worn and old as when he came
to me. He tells me that his safety, his
life, depends on me. I am not to see you
for a while. He says that if we meet it
will mean his disgrace— his destruction.
I can't explain; I have only my love for
you, sweetheart, and you must not fall
me now. It will all come right, I feel
sure of that; only you must write me
every day how dear, I am to you, so that
I shall have something to help my cour
age. Go to Bess, and believe me yours
with all my heart's love. D."
Richard read and reread Dorothy's
note. ' He did not ramp off Into a temper;
the first effects of it were to drive the
color out of his face and steal away his
appetite. His eye grew moody, and in the
end angry. Some flame of wrath was kin
dled against poor Dorothy, who was so
ready— that Is the: way he put It to him
self—to sacrifice nlm In defense of her
father. But the flame went out, and
never attained either height or intensity
as a flame of repute and standing among
flames. Richard was too normal, too
healthy, too much in love. Besides, Dor
othy's note was warped and polka-dotted
with small round scars where her poor
tears had fallen as she wrote; and with
that the flame of anger was' quenched
by the mere sight of those tear-scars;
and Richard kissed them one by one—
the tear-scars— and found, when he had
kissed the last one and tnen kissed it
again for love and for luck, that he wor
shiped Dorothy the more for being in
trouble. And now Richard felt a vast
yearning over her as though she were a
child. Had she not fought a gallant war
with her mother "for love of him? Rich
ard was all out swept away on a very
tide of tenderness. He would comply
with Dorothy's request; he would not
press to see her; he would write her
every day; he would love her more pas
sionately than before. Incidentally, he
would go questing Bess.
Richard did not permit himself to dwell
upon Storri. He knew him for the source
of all this poison in his cup. In his then
temper, he put Storrl out of his thought.
He feared that if he considered that Rus
sian too long he would ' be drawn Into
some indiscretion that, while curing noth
ing, might pull down upon Mr. Harley,
and in that way upon Dorothy, the ca
tastrophe that hung over their heads.
There could ba no doubt of the black
measure of that catastrophe, whatever it
might be. Richard, while no mighty ad
mirer of Mr. : Harley, had been enough
in that gentleman's company to realize
that It was more than a common appre
hension which had sent him, limp and
fear-shaken, to. Dorothy begging for de
fense. The longer Richard pondered the
clearer the truth grew that some deadly
chance was pending against Mr. Harley,
and that Storrl held the key which 'might
unlock that chance against him. Until
he understood the trend of affairs, a hos
tile collision with S.orrl would be , the
likeliest method by which disaster might
be Invoked. He must avoid Storri. This
prudence on Richard's part went tremen
dously against the grain, for he was
full of stalwart, primitive Impulses that
moved him to find Storri by every short
est cut and beat him to rags. He must
keep away from Storri. Also, he would
defer those revelations to Mrs. Hanway-
Harley which were to have filled her soul
with that radiance' and made , her. as
ready for Dorothy's marriage with Rich
ard as was Richard himself. Those con ii
fidences could not aid now when It was
Storrl, not Mrs. Hanway-Harley, .who
stood in the way. And they might even
work a harm. Richard went on his road
to Bess, while these thoughts came fly
ing'thick ac twilight bats.
Richard found the blonde sorceress
bending above a flower, and doing some
thing to the flower's advantage with a
pair of scissors. As Bess hung over the
leafy object of her solicitude, -; with \u25a0\u25a0 her
yellow wealth of hair coiled round and
round, she herself looked not ' unlike a
graceful, gaudy chrysanthemum. This
poetic reflection, which would have been
THE/SXN :FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALL..
creditable to Mr. Fopllng, never occurred
to Richard; he was I too full \u25a0; of Dorothy
to • have room for Bess. However,' the
good Bess found* no fault with his loving
preoccupation; she, too, was pensively
thinking on poor Dorothy, and at once
abandoned , the Invalid ' flower to console
and counsel Richard.
"For you see," quoth Bess, as though
a call had been made for \u25a0 the reason of
her Interest in another's love troubles,
"I feel responsible for ' Dorothy. It was
I who told you to love i her." ; ,
This was not quite true, and ) gave too
much blame or credit— whichever you will
—to Bess; but Richard made no objec
tions, and permitted Bess to • define her .
position as best pleased her. :
Bess laid out Richard's programme as •
though she were his mother or his guar
dian; . she told him what his conduct
should be. He must write Dorothy a
daily letter: there ought to be a world of
love In it,' Bess thought, in view of those
conditions of present distress which sur
rounded Dorothy. .
"Her lot," observed Bess, "Is much
harder than . yours, you - know!"
Richard, being selfish, did not know;
but he was for ' no dispute with Bess
and kept his want of knowledge to him
self. Yes; Richard was to write Doro
thy every day; and she. for • her sweet
part, was likewise to write Richard every
day. The good Bess, like an angel turn
ed postman, would manage the exchange
of tender missives.
Bess said nothing about Storri' \u25a0 com
ing visits to the Harley house or that
he would insist on seeing Dorothy; She
and Dorothy had been of one mind on
that point of ticklish diplomacy. The
bare notion of . Storri meeting Dorothy
would send tne fiery lover Into a fury
whereof the end could be only feared,
not guessed. Richard was to be told noth
ing beyond the present Impossibility of
meeting Dorothy.
"And most of all," said Bess to Rich
ard warnlngly, "you are not to involve
yourself with Storrl. Remember, should
you and he have differences upon which
the gossips can take hold, there will be
a perfect scandal, and Dorothy the cen
tral figure."
Richard was horrified at Bess' picture.
"And so," concluded Bess, "you must
do exactly as Dorothy requests. • Have a
little patience and a deal of love, and tne
cloud, be sure, will pass away."
"While I am having jatience and love,
I would give my left hand if I might
bring that cobra Storri to account," said
Kichard.
What was written concerning the
mouths of babes and sucklings? Mr.
Fopllng sat with Bess and Richard while
they considered those above-related , ways
and means of interrupted love. Mr.'Fop
ling was experiencing an uncommon ele
vanon of spirits; for he' had. stared Ajax
out of countenance— a notable I feat— and
sent the rival favorite growling and
bristling from the room. Usually Mr.
Fopling took no part in what conversa
tions raged around him; it was the rea
son of some surprise, therefore, 'to both
Bess and Richard . when, at the mention
of Storri's name, Mr. Fopllng's ears
pricked up a flicker of interest and he
betrayed symptoms of being . about \u25a0' to
speak. _ '
"Stow-wyl" exclaimed Mr. Fopllng
thoughtfully, as though identifying that
nobleman, while Bess and Richard looked
on as folk do who ba*hold a miracle,
"Stow-wy! I say, Stawms, why don't
you go Into Wall street and bweak the
beggah? He's always gambling, don't' y*.
know!; Bweak him; that's the way to,
punish a fellah.'.'.? [i ",
, "Why! what a . malicious soul ; y<m
have grown!" cried Bess in astbnishmerw.
"Really, Algy" — Mr. \u25a0 Fcpllng's name wis 1
Algernon — "if you burst on 'vs 'in this
guise often, I for one. shall stand. int er-;.
ror of you!"
"But, weally," protested Mr. Fopling,
"if you want to get even with a fellah,
Bess, just bweak him! It's simply awful,"
they say, for a chap' to be bwoke. As
for this Stow-wy, if Stawms hasn't got"
the money to go aftah him, I'll 'let him
have some of mine. You see, Bess," con
cluded Mr. Fcpling, with a broad' candor
that proved his love, "I hate this cwea
ture Stow-wy."
"Why?" asked Richard, somewhat in
terested in his unexpected ally.
VHe spoke dewlslvely of me," and with
that Mr. Fopling lapsed.
Richard /went slowly homeward, his
chin on his chest/ not in discouragement,
but thought. The counsel of the vacuous
Mr. Fopling followed him to ring In his
ears like words of guidance. \u0084 \u25a0
"Bweak, him!" squeaked Mr. Fopling,
feebly vicious. .
Since Mr. Fopling had never been
known to think anything or say any
thing anterior to this singular outburst,
the conclusion forced itself upon Richard
that Mr. Fopllng was inspired. Nor could
Richard put Mr. Fopling and his violent
advice out of his head.
"Money is the villain's hearfs-blood!"
thought. Richard. "I'm inclined to con
clude that Fopling is right. If I take his
money from him he is helpless— a viper
without its fangs, a bear with its back
broken!"
. Richardput in that evening in his own
apartments. Had you been there .to
watch his face, you would have been
struck by the capacity for hate and love
and thought displayed in the lowering
brow and brooding eye. Richard smoked
and considered; at eight o'clock he rang
for Mr.' Gwynn.
That precise gentleman of stiffness and
English Immobility appeared, clothed in
extreme \u25a0 evening dress, and established
himself, ramrod-like, in' a customary
spot in the: center of the floor. There
was a figure on the Persian rug whereon
Mr. Gwynn never failed to take position.
Once In , place, eye as expressionless as
the eye of a fish, Mr. Gwynn would wait
In dead silence, for Richard to speak.
Mr. Gwynn . had occupied his wonted
spot on the" rug two minutes, before Rich
ard came out of his", reverie. ..Turning to
Mr. Gwynn, he addressed, him through
murky wreaths.
\u25a0 "I shall go to .New York, to-morrow."
"Very good, sir,", said Mr. Gwynn, and
his back creaked in Just the specter of a
bow. ' i \u25a0 '.' ; : - '/ •• : , 1. . ; . ;
"When are the president and . general
attorney of the Anaconda to be here?".
"Tuesday, sir; the eighth of the month."
VI shall return before \u25a0 that time."
','Very good, sir!" and Mr. Gwynn again
approved the utterances of Richard with
a creaky mandarin inclination of the head
and. shoulders. \u25a0
':.:\u25a0. "They will arrive on the eighth. Say
to them that they must remain until the
fifteenth, one" week. On Thursday— the
tenth— you " will give a dinner in honor
of Senator Hanway; it is to be fifty
covers. The Anaconda ". people | will come.
I'll furnish you the completed list of
guests when I get back."
"Very good, sir." .
"You \u25a0 may, go." ,
"Yes, sir; you are very kind, sir;" and
the -austere Mr. Gwynn creaked himself
out * /' .
Richard, was left with : his thoughts,
while the silent Matzai, ;: who had heard
the word New. York, began packing. what
trunks were , needed \u25a0; for the journey. _ \u25a0
Storri' was ruthlessly: eager to "get some
taste of his great triumph; and came that
same ; evening to the Harley house. Sen-
ator Hanway had been detained by a
night session, and ' the quartet— Dorothy,
Mr. Harley, Mrs. Hanway-Harley/ and
Storrl— sat together at dinner. Dorothy,
pale and still and chill,' was like a girlish
Image made of snow. There was a queer
look of fright and shame and horror all
in one" about her virgin eyes. ' How she
got ; through the dinner- she could not
have told, and only her 'love for her
father held her up.
Mr. Harley was In no- livelier case;
and, albeit he drank much • more j than
usual, the wine put no color in his muddy
cheek nor did it cure I its flabblness. To
sit at his own table and - tremble j before
his own : guest c might ' have wasted the
spirits of even' a j hardier : man than Mr.
Harley.
" Dorothy was In agony— a kind of
despair of .shame, eating nothing, say
ing less, and this attracted the shallow
attention of Mrs. Hanway-Harley.
"What makes you so gloomy, Dor
othy?" she asked. Mrs. Hanway-Harley
was In most cheerful feather. A noble
man at her table, ; and though for the
fortieth time, was ever fresh and delight
ful to Mrs. Hanway-Harley: "You are
not ill?" Then, with arch politeness to
Storri, \u25a0 "She has been out of sorts all
day. Count, and given us all the blues,
I was delighted when you came In to
cheer us up."
"It Is to my great honor, madam," re
sponded Storrl, smiling and fixing
Dorothy with that beady glance which
serpents keep for what linnets they mean
to fascinate and . swallow, ' "it Is te my
great honor, madam,' that you say so. I
shall tell my Czar of your charming
goodness to his Storri. If I might only
think that the bewitching Miss Dorothy
was also glad, I should be in heaven!
Truly, It would make a paradise; ah, yes,
why not!".
As Storrl threw off this languishing
speech, Dorothy j could feel his eyes like
points of hateful fire piercing her
satirically. It taught her vaguely, even
through the torture her soul was under
going, that composite sentiment of pas
sion and cruelty felt for her by this
Tartar in evening; dress who mixed
sneer with compliment in all he
said. Dorothy could have ; shrieked out
in the mere torment of it, and only the
sight of Mr. Harley, broken and hope
less and helpless, and old, gave her
strength and courage to refrain.
Storrl departed on the heels of dinner
to the profound regret of Mrs. Hanway-
Harley,* who pressed him to remain. The
Russian was wise; he must not attempt
too much. Dorothy should have respite
for a week. « In seven days he would
again take dinner with the Harleys. Dor
othy would have employed those seven
days In thinking on the perils- to her
father which he, Storrl, could launch;
she would have considered how he, Storrl,
'must be courted and flattered and finally
loved to insure her father's safety. It
was victory as It stood. Was he not
compelling the proud Dorothy to receive
his compliments, his glances, his sighs,
his love? Was not Richard, the detest
able, excluded, and the Harley door
cluscd fast in bis face? Ah! Storri would
Impress upon these little people the ter
rors of him whom they had affronted!
He would cause them to mourn In bltter
nessthe day they heard first his name!
Storri, iii mldswing of ail these com
forting ruminations, felt a light hand on
hio 'arm. He was sauntering leisurely
alonn.the street at the time," and had not
journeyed a block from the Harley house.
Stcrri started at the touch and wheeled.
\u25a0 "What' " he exclaimed, "is it you, my
Sari Reve? And what fetched you out N
so: cold an evening?"
1 Storrl.' attempted a manner, of light and
confident assurance. Somehow,' he did
not' altcgcther; attain it; a sharp- ear
would.have caught the false note in hl3
tones which told of an uneasiness he was
trying to conceal. ?J .
That one whom Storri addressed as San
Reve and who, following the touch that
startled Storri, hadtaken his arm, was a
weman. In the dark of the winter even-
Ing nothing could be known of her, save
that she was above a middle height.
. '"Y-is; it is I, Sara," said the woman.
In a pure contralto. "Come with me to
night, Storrl: I have not seen you for
four days."
"We are pleasantly meO" cried Storri,
still affecting an acquiescent gayety.
"And is it not strange? I was on my
way to your fond, sweet 'presence, my
San Reve. Yes, your Storri was flying
to ycu even now!"
All of .which were lies, being leaf and
stalk of that uneasiness which rang so
falsely in 'his voice and manner. Still, if
Mademoiselle San Revo took notice of his
slpslricerity,' she kept the fact to herself.
Storri drew her hand further within his
arm, and the two walked slowly onward,
while . the street' lamps a 9 they passed
merged and separated and again merged
\u25a0'and; separated their shadows as though
the. pair were agreeing and disagreeing
in endless alternation.
Richard, the next day, de
parted for New York as he
had planned. Sending Matzai and h'.s lug
gage to the hotel, Richard on his arrival
drove straight from the station to Thirty,
Broad. , He glanced at a card as he en
tered the' elevator.
"Tenths floor!", was his word to the
resplendent functionary in gold and blue
who presided in the elevator.
"Tenth floor!"" cried the resplendent
functionary In the sing-song of a seaman
taking, soundings' and calling the marks,
and. the elevator came to a kind of bounc
ing atop. - ;.".\u25a0\u25a0 •.. \u25a0"-\u25a0:'. - ': '\u25a0' ;'• :
"Mr. Bayard?*' inquired Richard..
"Second door to th' left," sang the, blue
and golden one; then the iron door
clashed and the cage flew on.
Richard | entered . a reception room, and
from this outer harbor, like a newly
arrived ship sending up . a signal, he
dispatched his card . to Mr. Baynard.
Under "Mr. Richard Storms',' he wrote
\u25a0 the words, "son of the late Mr. Dudley
Storms.",. ...--•''\u25a0 \u25a0-.\u25a0•.;.'.• . .
' The stealthy, whispering Individual, who
spoke with a hiss and scrutinized Richard
as^he took his card. with a jealous Inten
sity, which, might have distinguished a
hawk in. a. state of half alarm and whole
suspicion, presently returned. .His air
was altered to one of confidence.
"You .are to' come in, please!" he hissed
.like a respectful shake.'-
It was. two. hours later, five : o'clock,
when Richard emerged from; that private
room of Mr. Baynard's. Taking the.car
riage "which had he returned "to
the station and caught a train for, Wash
ington. A message went to, Matzai noti
fying that Mongol of what. changes had
, been determined on in the destinies of
himself arid. the luggage. % .. .
- It was the following : morning at the
hour of eight. . Richard v called for Mr.
Gwynn. When that severe personage had
. taken: his; proper (station on the rug, he
rolled : his . piscatorial eye on Richard as
though, inviting notice. -The latter young
gentleman was improving, himself , with
coffee, now and then pausing to thought
fully glance over a roll of names.
\u25a0;"' "What were • the last quotations on
Anaconda stock?"; demanded Richard,
still > contemplating the : names.
"Common, two hundred and eleven; pre
ferred, • two ; hundred arid seventeen, sir."
and; Mr. Gwynn creaked by way of end
ing the sentence. "
"Here are. the keys to my boxes in the
Colonial Trust. Here also are the names of
fifty j New . York banks. Please establish
a credit of two millions In each of them—
one hundred millions of dollars in all. Use
Anaconda stock. Bring- me certified
checks for the one hundred millions, with
a statement from each bank showing what
Anaconda shares It holds as security. I
think you understand. I want one hun
dred j millions instantly available. You
will go to New York at once and make
the arrangements. Day after to-morrow
meet me in Mr. Bayard's rooms. Thirty,
Broad, at 3 o'clock p. m., with everything
as I have outlined."
"Very Kood, sir; you are rery kind, sir,*
creaked Mr. Gwvnn.
CHAPTER XIII.
How the San Reve Gave Storrl
Warning;. -
Had you, at the time Richard visited
that gentleman, written Mr. Bayard a
letter, you -would have addressed it to Mr.
Robert Lance Bayard, and any- one who
saw you do it would have gazed in wonder
and respect to think you were upon terms
of personal correspondence with that
blinding meteor of speculation. Mr. Bay
ard sat in his rooms at Thirty. Broad, like
an astrologer In his tower cell: he con
sidered the stars and cast the horoscopes
of companies. That done, he took profit
able advantage of his pmscienca.
In the kingdom of stocks Mr. Bayard's
position was unique. He, like Napoleon,
was without a model and without a
shadow. He constructed no corporations,
shoved no companies from shore; he stood
at the ticker and took his money off the
tape. "Whenever he won a dollar he had
risked a dollar.
In person Mr. Bayard was slim, elegant,
thoroughbred, with blood as red and pure
of strain as the blood -of a racing
horse. To see him was to realize
tho silk and steel whereof he was
compounded. There was vanity about
him, too; but it was a regal
vanity, as though a king were vain.
His brow was full and grave, his face
dignified, his eye thoughtful, and he
knew men in the dark by feel of bark,
as woodmen know a tree. He stepped
about with a high carriage of the head,
as might one who has prides well
founded. His health was even, his
nerves were trj^e; he owned a military
courage that remained cool with vic
tory, steady with defeat. It was these
which rendered Mr. Bayard the Bourse
force men accounted him and compelled
consideration even ftom. folk most
powerful whenever they would float an
enterprise or foray a field of stocks.
Did Olf or Sugar or Ste^l come into the
street with purpose of revenge or profit.
Its first care was a peace treaty with
Mr. Bayard. That Tas not because Oil
or Steel or Sugar loved him, but because
it feared him. The King might not. hunt
in Sherwood without permission of
Robin Hood, nor, Montrose walk In
Glenfruin wanting the MacGregor's
consent.
In his youth — that is to say, almost
a third of a pentury away — Mr. Bay
ard had been of open, frank and gener
ous impulse. He believed in humanity
and relied upon his friends. Mr. Bay
ard at 60 was changed from that pose
of 30 years before. He was cold and
distant and serene in a cloud-capped
way of ice. He trusted no one but him
self, took no man's word save his own,
was self-reliant to the point of bitter
ness and rife of proud suspicions. Also,
he had carried concealment to the plane
of art, and those who knew him best
were most in the dark concerning him.
And yet Mr. Bayard made a specialty
of verbal truth and his word was a
word of gold.
It was not that Mr. Bayard deceived
men, he allowed them to deceive them
selves. They watched and they listen
ed, and in the last they learned, com
monly at the cost of a graping wound in
their bank balances, that what they
thought they saw they did not see. and
what they were sure they heard they
did not hear; that from the beginning:
they had been the victims of self-con
structed delusions and were cast away
by errors all their own. Once burned,
twice wise, and the paradox crept upon
Wall and Broad streets, as mosses creep
upon stones, that the more one knew of
Mr. Bayard the less one was aware of.
The feeling was expressed by a gentle
man rich in exchange exrerlence when
he said:
"If I were to meet him in Broadway,
I wouldn't believe It."
And that experienced one spoke well.
For as the tiger, striped black and gold.
Is made to match and blend with the
sun-slashed shadows of the jungle
through which he hunts hi 3 prey,
so was Mr. Bayard invisible in
that speculation whereof he crouched,
a most formidable, factor, with
this to add to the long-yjothed
peril of It. that, although always in
sight, he was never more unseeji than
at trie moment of his spring.
The change from faith and friendship
and a genial warmth that had - taken
place In Mr. Bayard and left him their
rock-hound ppposites had its origin In
the treachery of a friend. Mr. Bayard
those years before was, In his stock sail
ing, beaten upon by a sudden squall of
treason and lying ingratitude; his na
ture was capsized, | and those softer and
more generous graces were spilled out.
They went to the bottom, as things gold
en will; and they, never came up. Mr.
Bayard was betrayed by one who had
taken ''his hand in friendship not the
hour before — one who was his' partner
in business and had risen through his fa
vor. Struck in the dark, Mr. Bayard
stood at the ticker and watched his for
tune of eight millions bleed away; when
he dropped the tape he was two millions
worse than bankrupt. It was that case
hardening experience which had worked
the callous metamorphosis. "
. "It has taught me caution." was all
he said as the quotations chattered off
the loss of his last dollar. •
From that hour of . night and- worm
wood,", Mr, Bayard was another indlvld
uaj. He gave men his acquaintance, but
not his faith; he listened and never be
lieved; he had allies, not friends, and
the limits of his, confidence In a man
were the limits ,<St that man's interests.
And yet in this arctic hardness there
remained one generous spot. There was
ono name to retain a sweetness and a
perfume of Mr. Bayard that one finds
in flowers, and the perishing years had
not withered It on the hillsides of His
regard. When Mr. Bayard went down
on that day of storm and the dark waters
of defeat and bankruptcy closed above
him, there had been stretched one hand
to save. Dudley Storms was hardly
known to Mr. Bayard, for the former was
of your silent, retiring men whom no one
discovers .until the time of need. His
sort was evidenced on this occasion, xi
did not. send to Mr. Bayard, he came,. He
told him by shortest . possible sentences
that his fortune was at his Mr. Bayard's
disposal, to put him again upon his feet.
And Mr. Bayard availed himself of the
aid thus proffered; he regained his feet;
he repaid Dudley Storms; and , then : he
went on— and no more slips or treason-
founded setbacks— to pile up new mil
lions for himself.
•Following that one visit of succor from
Dudley Storms, he and Mr. Bayard were
no oftener in one another's company than
before. The former retreated into his
former reticence and the fastness of his
own multitudinous affairs, cQI?lc QI ? ln S £°
more to Mr. Bayard, who did not require
help. Dudley Storms was a lake of nre
in a rim of ice. as somebody »omewhe«
one said of some one else, and labored
under peculiarities of temperament ana
trait-contradictions which you may have
observed In Richard. For his \u25a0Me. . Mr
Bayard, proudly sensitive, while he never
forgot, never failed tofeel to the edge of
that saving favor done him by
Storms the edge of a sword: and tms
served to hold him aloof from one who
any hour might have had his life and for
tune, without a question, to do with as
he would.
• Richard had never met Mr. Bayard, nor
did he know aught of that gentleman s
long-ago disasters, for they occurred In
the year of Richard's birth. But he had
heard his father speak of Mr. Bayard In
terms of glowing praise; wherefore, when
it became Richard's turn to know some
what the Ins and outs of Wall street, a
dark interior trade-region of which hla
Ignorance for depth was like unto the
depth of the ocean, and as wide, our
young gentleman went Instantly In search
of him. Had he beheld the softened aye
of Mr. Bayard when that •war-lord of th«
street first read his card, had h« heard
his voice as he repeated the line "son of
the late Mr. Dudley Storms." he might
have been encouraged in a notion that he
had not rapped at the wrong door. But
Richard, in the anteroom awaiting the
return of that person of the serpent hiss,
did not witness these phenomena. When
he was shown into the presence of Mr.
Bayard, he saw only one who for dignity
and courteous poise seemed the superior
brother of the best-finished, gentleman he
had ever met.
"So you are the son of Dudley Storms,"
said Mr. Bayard, running his eye over
the visitor as though looking for a con
firmatory resemblance. Then, having
concluded his scrutiny: "You are like
him. Have a chair: tell me what I can
do to serve you." - '.%'\u25a0'
Richard was taken with Mr. Bayard's
words, for that gentleman managed to
put Into them a reassuring emphasis that
was from nowhere save th© heart. Thus
led, Richard began by asking Mr. Bayard
If he knew aught of Storrl.
"Storrl? He is the Russian who helped
the sugar people get their hold in Odessa.
The oil Interests have some thought of
employing him in their affairs. What
of Storrl?"
Richard explained the propriety of de
stroying Storri; this he did with an in
genuous ferocity that caused Mr. Bayard
to smile.
"The man." observed Richard In con
clusion, "is no more than so much ver
min. He is a menace to ray friends: he
has intrigued villainously against me. I
have no option; I must destroy him out
of my path as I would any footpad or
any brigand."
Being primal In his instincts, as every
great man is, Mr. Bayard, at this hostile
declaration, could not avoid a quick side
glance at Richard's door-wide shoulders.
Pict arms, and panther build. Richard
caught the look.
"Oh, If it might have been settled In
that way," cried he, "I should have had
his head wrung round ere this!" •
"You will readily conceive," observed
Mr. Bayard, after musing a bit. "that
I keep myself posted concerning the
least movement of the' least man who
comes speculating; into stocks. You
may take it for granted that I know a
trifle or so of your Count Storrl. To be
frank, he and Mr. Harley. with Senator
Hanway and five others, are preparing 1
for some movement in Northern Con
solidated. I don't know whether it is
to be a 'bull* or a 'bear' movement, or
when they will begin. Those are mat
ters which rest heavily on the finding
of that special committee of which
Senator Hanway Is the chief. Do you
know when the finding may be looked
for? Can you tell me what the com
mittee will report?"
Richard could not bring: himself to
speak of Senator «Hanway's confidential
assurances of a white report for North
ern Consolidated. From those assur
ances he was sure that the pool raedi
atated a "bull" campaign, but he did
not say so since he could not give his
reasons.
Mr. Bayard came to the protection
of his anxieties.
"Senator Hanway." went on Mr. Bay
ard, "has privately told a number of
people that the report will favor the
road."
Richard was struck by the cool full
ness of Mr. Bayard's information. It
was likewise Impressive to learn that
he was not the only one in Senator
Hanway's confidence. On top of Rich
ard's wonder Mr. Bayard piled another
marvel. 'He declared that he did not
believe the word of Senator Hanway.
"He la a fox for caution," auoth Mr.
Bayard, "and I cannot think he told
the truth. Believe me, the committee's
report will tear Northern Consolidated
to pieces. The market has been ex
ceedingly strong since the beginning
of the year. He will watch and plump
In that adverse report the moment gen
eral prices show a weakness."
Richard, while- taken by the reason
ing of Mr. Bayard, was not convinced.
However, he asked Mr. Bayard what
might be done.
"Remembering always," said Rich
ard, "that the one purpose I have In
view Is the overthrow of Storri."
"Every member of that pool." re
turned Mr. Bayard, "has made himself
fair game. A pool is like a declaration
of war against the world; the pool It
self would tell you so. And speaking
of the pool, you understand that the
eight are bound together like a fagot.
You can't break one without breaking
all; If Storrl fall Mr. Harley. Senator
Hanway and the others fall."
Richard could not forbear a smile
as he recalled how Mrs. Hanway-
Harley had said that her > only
objection to him was his lack, of
riches, and ,how. should his for
tune one day mend and measure up with
Mr. HarUy'3 Dorothy and he might wed.
The peculiar humor of those possibilities
which the situation offered began to ad
dress itself to Richard. Was not here a
chance to remove Mrs. Hanway-Harley'a
objection?
"Since they are open game." saM Rich
ard, "I see no reason why tne whole oc
tagonal combination should not be wiped
out. Indeed, there might be a distinct
advantage in It," he concluded, thinking
©n Dorothy.
•"There would be a distinct advantage
of several millions in It," returned Mr.
Bayard, who was thinking on dollars and
cents. Then, as might one who, having
decided, takes the first step In a. great en
terprise: "Where, by the way. are those
millions that were left by Dudley
Storms?"
"They are where you may put your
hand upon them." returned Richard, "In
any hunting, of this vermin Storri."
(Continued Next Sunday.)THE ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN KETTLE
' • This story published to-day
-—The Raldinc * ' Donna Clo
tilde"— la the flftU of a aeries
of thrilling •*** •toxic* by Cnt-
Ilffe Hyne detailing "The Ad-
Ttntnrti of Captain Kettle.**
,tf yon want iomrthlnt that
\u25a0rrill warm the blood and lift
7-ou oat of the dead level of
titr/>i»T commonplarror*!,
don't' nil»» tbeee Btlrriasr ex
t>erfec*e« of Captain Kettle.
One complete story of adren
tsre Trill appear every week
ta Tie fnaday Call until the
series U flalsaed. *!
' .. (Copyright by Cutllffe Hyne.)
V V AXT one had. announced In the cap.
I tils' » room at Halletf \u25a0 that a man
I eoolfi leave that sanctum shortly
JL before turnin*-out time, and be
'/forthwith kidnaped In the open
streets cj South Shields, every master
mariner within hearing would have put
hlsa Cown contemptuously as a gratuitous
ttar/ .".
'Into .this exclusive chamber Captain
Owen Kettle had made bis way that day
after tea, and over two modest half pints
of bitter boer had done his share in the
talk and the listening, from 8 till 10:33
of the dock. He had exchanged views
with other shipmasters on cargoes, crews.
Insurances, climates, and those other pro
fesslvnal matters which the profane
world (not In the shipping Interest) ands
to dreary; and had been listened to with
deference. He way a man who command'
cd. attention, and though you might not
like what he said* you would not dream
if "refusing- to listen to It
That special night, however, Captain
Kettle's personal views on maritime aX
lalrs were listened to with even more def.
exence than usual. A Urge red-haired
man swung Into the captain's room some
few minutes after Kettle had seated
himeelf, and after ordering bis beverage
and a cigar, nodded with a whimsical
smile in Kettle's direction, and asked
him how he liked the neighborhood of
Valparaiso as a residence.
* Vl* forget." said the little sailor, dryly
° enough.
, "AH right, •captain," said the red-haired
rna,n", • "flon't you mind me. I never re
member too much myself either. Only
£ou did me a good turn out there, al
though you probably don't know it, and
I'd t>£ proud If you'd have a drink or a
\u25a0 MTso'icp with me now in remembrance."
«*^Vou're very polite, captain."
"jion't mention It, captain," euld the
red-hairvd man, and struck the bell.
.'.'Stme? Half-a-plnt of bitter, please,
nii^.-and one of 3 our best four-penny
smptci." '
Ttte peneral talk of the captains' room,
Brßjcfaf had halted for the moment, went
on asraln.
—\ sa.lvage point was brought up by
«a $tout -.gentleman in the Baltic timber
; tr.adp-who was anxious to air his scnti
rne^ts;'but the red-haired man skillfully
Intervened, and "Kettle on Salvage" was
asked for and heard. And co on all
through the evening. The red-haired man
did his work cleverly, and no one resented
It.
ITow, Kettle was a man who liked be-
Isia; listened to, and there is no doubt
that his vanity was tickled by all this
4>ference from his professional equals.
There- is no doubt also that the smug
security of Hallett's lulled his usual sense
of w<arlnesß, which may Jn part account
for -what happened . afterward. And so,
without further excuse for him, it Is my
rafciful duty to record that an hour after
he. left the captains' room the little sailor
was.ee trapped and kidnaped by what to
a man of his knowledge, was one of the
most vulgar of artifices.
He emptied his tumbler, stood up and
said he must be going. The red-haired
man locked at the round cabin clock on
the wall and mentioned that it was his
time also; and together they. went out
side Into the damp, dark main street of
South Shields.
* "Going back to your ship, captain?**
Hsked the big stranger.
' ".Why, no, captain," said Kettle, "I
live fyere. and I'm eft home."
"Then I suppose I must say good night
Hcp'e to meet you again, though. What
boat .are you on now, captain?"
"Well, I'm putting In a bit of a spell
ashore Just now. captain. Fact Is, I
haven't' run across any employment quite
to my taste lately. 'TJsn't every ship
owner I care to serve under."
"No." Bald the red-haired man. "They
* are brutes, most of them. But look here,
captain, there' d be no offense in my get
ting you the refusal of a berth, would
there V
Kettle flushed. "Captain," he said,
"you'ns very good. You see. I'm married
with children, and I've never earned
enough to put anything by. Between
men, I don't mind telling you I'm on my
beam ends. If I can't get hold of an ad
vance note this week. It will mean going
to the pawnshop for Mrs. Kettle's next
Sunday dinner."
Tfce red-haired man sighed. "Well,
captain," he said, "you needn't thank
me. It's Just my duty to my employers
to put this thing In your way. But we'll
not er>eak of It here In the open. Come
along off to niy steamboat"
"Right" Ball Kettle. "Where have you
pot her?"
"She's lying at a buoy in the river. We
can get a boat from the steps."
They got down to the steps and took
a waterman's boat turned up the piece
of plank which lay In the stern sheets
and sat on the dry Bide, and then
pushed off into the dark river. The red
halred man picked up the yoke lines l i
Eteercd the boat amonff the dense ship
ling: past tiers of coasting schooners and
timber droghers and out-of-work clinker
built tugs: past ungainly iron steam
tramps, fishing craft, dredges and the
«uher resting traffic of the Tyne; and
finally rounded up under a frieze of
rtcrns, and ran alongside the gangway
of a 200-ton «team yacht
."Hullo," said Kettle,, "pleasure?"
* "Well, hardly thatjs Bald the red-haired
man. "Step aboard, "Captain, and I'll pay
off the waterman."
"He'd better wait to- take me ashore
again."
o "No, let him go. We may have a long
talk. I'll put you ashore in one of my
own boats when you go. Now, captain.
here we are. Come below to my room."
"You've got steam op, I see," said
Kettle, gs they walked aft along the
white, wet decks.
"My orders," gald the red-haired man.
"Sail soon?"
\u25a0tMay start any minute. We never know.
My owner's a rare one for changing
mind."
"Huh." eald Kettle, "might be a wom
an."
"Devilish like a woman," said the red
haired man dryly. He opened a door at
the foot of the companlonway and turned
an electric '.igrht switch. "This is my
room, captaiv.. !?trp rlf;'it :r. A drrp i>"
whisky might te a good thing to keep out *
the cold while we talk. Excuse me a
minute while I get a couple of tumblers.
I guess the steward's turned In."
Kettle seated himself on a velvet cov
ered sofa and looked round at the elab
orate fittings of the cabin. "Satlnwood
panels," he commented, "nickel battens
to put the charts on, glass-backed book
case, and silk bunk curtains; no expense
spared anywhere. Lord, who wouldn't
sell a farm and go to sea? But the old
man said she wasn't pleasure! I wonder
what the game is? Contraband, I guess;
many a yachts great on that Well, any
way, I*Y» got to hear."
The r*d-h aired man came back with
two half-filled tumblers and a water Jug.
"Here's the poison," said he: "mix It ac
cording to your own weight." .
"That's rather more than my usual
whack," said Kettle, eying the tumbler;
"but It's a cold, wet night, so here's— by
the way. captain, I'm afraid I've forgot
ten your name?"
"My name?" said the red-haired man.
"Oh, yes» I'm Douglas, Captain Douglas."
"Captain Douglas." said Kettle,
thoughtfully. "No. I can't say I recall
It at present. Well, sir, any way, here's
your very good health and prosperity."
"Same." said the red-haired man, and
absorbed his whisky and water with the
dexterity of an artist. Out of politeness
Captain Kettle finished his tumbler also;
there Is an etiquette about these mat
ters.
Silence filled the cabin for a minute
or so, broken only by the distant clat
ter of a shovel on a firebar, and Ket
tle looked at the cabin clock. It was
11:80 and Mrs. Kettle would be expect T
Ing him home. "Hullo," he said, "firing
up? Oh, I suppose you've got to keep
steam In the donkey boiler while you're
In the harbor to run your dynamo. By
the way, you were talking: about some
employment you could put in my way,
captain?" he added, suggestively.
"Employment!" said Douglas uneas
ily. "Oh, was I? Employment! Tes,
to be sure. Well, you see, captain, it
was my owner I was speaking for, and
I've been thinking it over and perhaps
on the whole you'd" better see her for
yourself."
"Her!" said Kettle. "Is, there a woman
at the head of this concern?"
"A lady, call her. But look here, cap
tain, you're getting sleepy. Why not turn
In here for the night, and see her your
self In the morning?"
Kettle yawned, and his head nodded.
"I am sleepy and that's a fact, though
I don't know why I should be. But it
wouldn't do for me to turn In here for
the night • Mrs. Kettle's expecting me
at home, and I've never broken word to
her since I was married. I should take
it as kind, captain. If you could give me
come notion about this piece of employ
ment now, bo that I could see whether it's
worth—" He yawned again, and struggled
with his heavy eyelids. "You must un
derstand, please, captain, that time 13
scarce with me: I must get employment
at once. I can't stand by and see my
missus and youngsters hungry." i
Captain Douglas swore and hit the table
with his fist "It's beastly hard,"- he
said, "and I hate myself for bringing you
here."
"What's that noise overhead?" said
Kettle. "What are your crew doing on
deck?" He tried to rise, but fell back
stupidly on the sofa. A harsh bell
clanged from somewhere beneath, and
the 6lop-slop of water came to him
through the yacht's side.
"She's swinging around in the stream,
and some one's rung 'stand-by' to the
engine-room."
"Sounds like it," the red-haired man
admitted.
Again Kettle tried to rise, and with an
Immense effort tottered to his feet; but
he had been given a drug too powerful
for even his iron will to fight against;
and be swayed, and then pitched help
lessly sideways on to the carpet.
Then the door of the stateroom
creaked slyly open, and the red-haired
man started violently. He turned and
saw a tall, dark woman Just crossing
the threshold. "Donna Clotllde!" he
said nervously. "I thought you were
ashore. Then It was by your orders—"
"That the yacht was got under way!
SI, senor, I saw you coming on board
with the man we have been hunting for
these last two years, and as soon as the
pair of you got below I sent word to
the mate to call all hands and get out
of the Tyne as soon as the pilot could
manage It". She knelt beside Kettle's
prostrate body, and passed her
caressingly over his damp forehead.
"You are sure you have not overdone
ltr she asked. ." vV y
"I am sure of nothing ltke'that," he
answered grimly. "But I gave him the
dose you measured out yourself, so
what's done Is your own affair. I only
added enough whisky to drown the
taste, and the poor little beggar drank
it all down at one mouthful."
"I don't see that you need pity him
much. He will be all right when he
wakes." '. w.'"
"When he wakes It will be at sea, and
I have heard him speak of his wife and
kids. That's why I pity him. Donna
Clotllde. Incidentally I'm a bit sorry
for myself." He stooped, over the pros
trate man and took a revolver from the
back pocket of his trousers. "Look
there I You see the fellow took a gun
with him even to Hallett's. It's grown
to be a habit with him. He's a dead
shot, too, and doesn't mind shooting."
"I didn't think you were a coward."
"You know quite well I'm not, senor
ita. But this Captain Kettle will remem
ber that I was the fellow that decoyed
him on board and ' he'll be pretty anx
ious to square up the account when he
wakes."
"You are well paid on purpose to
cover all risks," said the woman with
some contempt
"And I shall be earning my pay," said
the red-haired man doggedly. "This
small person here's a holy terror. Well,
I must be getting on deck to see the
pilot take her down the river. Here,
I'll put him on the bed before I go.
Hell sleep It off more comfortably
there."
"You shall not touch him,"- said
Donna Clotilde. "I will do all that's
needful. I have waited for thi3 moment
for three long years."
"You must be pretty keen on him If
you can sit by him when he does not
know you." ' .
VI, have loved him since the first
moment we met, and he knows it; and
I do not mind who else knows It also.
I am entirely without shame In the
matter; I glory In It. lam not one of
your cold-blooded European women."
"Well." he said, "you are paying me
to run this yaght, and I must go on up
to see the pilot take her out of the
river without ; . -, losing us any paint"
And he went out of his room and left
Donna Clotilde La Touche alone with
this man by whom she was so fiercely
Bttrnrtf-O. " •
The voyage was not one of monotony.'
Captain Kettle lay for the first twenty
four hours In a state of snoring uncon
sciousness, and when he did oome to
his wits again found himself In a cabin
alone. He got up and stretched. His
limbs were heavy and languid, but he
was not conscious of having sustained
any hurt He clapped a hand to :\u25a0\u25a0 the
region of his loins and nodded his grim
head significantly. His pistol was
missing.
The time was night: the cold air was
full of moonshine, and fortune favored
him in so ; much that the red-haired
man whom he sought was himself
standing a watch. He walked up to
him without any concealment, | and,
then, swift as light slung out his right
fist, sending every ounce of hit weight
r . -
after It and caught ' the" red-haired
man squarely on the peak of. the Jaw.
The fellow went down as If he had
been pole-axed and Kettle was prompt
ly on top of him." The three other
hands of the watch on deck were com
ing fast to their biff captain's assist
ance and Kettle made the most of hl«
time. He had been brought up in a
school where he was taught to hit hard
and hit first and keep on hitting, and
moreover he 'was anatomically skilled
enough to know where to hit- with
most effeot. He had no time then for.
punctilious fighting; he Intended to
mark his man In return for value re
ceived, and he did it Then the three
lusty deok hands of .the, watch came up
and wrenched him off and held him for
their officer In turn, to take vengeance
on.
Kettle stood in their grip, panting,
and pale, and exultant '
"You great ugly red-polled beggar," he
said, "I've made your face match your
head, but ' you needn't thank , me • for It
You'd dare tor shanghai me, would you?
By James, Til make your ship' a perfect
hell till .I'm; off it" • \
"You hit a man when . he's not look
ing." . - . .. . , •
"Liarr\sald Kettle. "You saw me plain
enough. If you were half a sailor you'd
never have. been; hit". *
"You're half .my size... I couldn't fight
you." . \-y-U-?£ .\u25a0 . ' . : " ;
"Tell your, hands to Bet me 'adrift and
try." . \u25a0"---,:-.. \u25a0;;•; ,\u25a0;.;/ /• -
The big miul was tempted," but he
swallowed downV his ? inclination.' He,or
dered the men. who were holding Captain
Kettle to set him "\u25a0 free ' and ; go away for
ward again, and- then he thrust his own
fists resolutely. In his pockets. - v •
."Now," he : said,'. when, they were alone,
VI own up to having earned' what. you've
given me, and I hope i that'll i suit | you;
for if it doesn't I'll ? shoot you 'Ilka a , rat
with your own gun. You've * handled me
•THE iSANvFRANGISGO- SUNDAY CALII
in a way no other man has done before,
and so you , can tickle - your pride with
that and simmer down. If you want to
know, I was a man like yourself— hard
up— and I was paid to kidnap you, and
rd have kidnaped the' devil for money
Just, then."
"I know, nothing about the devil," said
Kettle acidly: "but you've got me, and
you couldn't very well find a worse bar
gain. If you are not a fool you will set
me ashore at once.". \u25a0; " -"
:.."I "shall ', act entirely by : my owner's
orders." .\u25a0
."Then trot out your, owner, and I*l.l
pass the (lme of day with him next I'm
not particular/ I'll kill the whole bloom
ing, ship's company if I don't get my own
way."
"Man,: don't: you be a fool. You can't
hit a woman."
"A woman t" t
. . ' 'Yes, fa 1 5 to ld y° u bef ore— Donna Clo
tilda. You know ; her. well enough. 1 *
,"Donna Clotllde, who T" .
"La^Touche." \u25a0 ; .>\u25a0\u25a0'":_ : -
The stiffening seemed suddenly* to go out
of * the * little i man. r ' ?Ha stepped : wearily
across the deck, and leaned his elbows on
the ; yacht's polished' topgallant rail. VBy
Jamesl" he murmured, to the purple arch
of the night , "By : James I that— that
woman. What a ruddy mess."; And then
ho broke off : into dreary musing.,*. He had
known; this Donna Clotllde La Touche be
fore; 1 had i entered' her employ* In-Valpar
aiso; \u25a0\. had ; helped < her : revolutionary
schemes ,by capturing a warship \ for / her.
In return ' she Tiad conceived a' mad Infat
uation f or ; him. : But . all the while he re
garded . her \u25a0 merely as : his • employer. *- In
the end i he. had v been • practically > set
adrift ;' at t sea* in an : open : boat '\u25a0 as : a : pen
ance for not (divorcing j his own wif o and
marrying her. -, "And j now she 1 was : ; come
to add to his other, troubles -by'begin
i •'/\u25a0"\u25a0 '-''.'- '.-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' '•'.'; '" \u25a0" •-:."•.\u25a0,"\u25a0'. '.' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 >'\u25a0 > ..v.-
nlng \u25a0to persecute him again. It was
hard, bitterly . hard. ,
By ao me subtle 1 transference of thought
the woman in her, berth . below became
conscious of his regard, - grew : restless,
woke, got more restless, dressed, came on
deck , and saw this man with whom she
was so fiercely enamored staring gloomily
over the bulwarks. With her lithe, silent
walk she stepped across the dewy decks
under the moonlight, and, without his
hearing her, leaned, on the rail at his
side and flung \ an ~ arm across his shoul
ders.
Captain Kettle woke from his musings
with a start, stepped coldly aside and sa
luted .formally. He had an eye for^a
good-looking 5 woman, and this one was
dellciously; handsome. ;He was always
chivalrous toward the other sex, what
ever might be their, characters; but the
fact of his own kidnaping- at the moment
of Mrs. Kettle's pressing need made him
almost -as hard las though: a man stood
before him as his enemy.
"Miss , La '\u25a0, Touche," he said, "do you
wish me to remember you with hatred ?"
."I do notlwlsh you to have need" to re
member me at all.'*: As you know, I wish
you' to stay, with me always."
\u25a0! "That, \u25a0 as I \u25a0 have told you before, miss,
Is Impossible . for more reasons than ' one.
You - have ; done mo: infinite : mischief - al
ready. -I might 'have ,\u25a0 found employment
by this time "had' I In -South
ShieWs, and -meanwhile ; . my wife; and
children' are\hungry/ ;B«' content: with
that; "and set*me ashore." .*. .
' "I repeat the offer I made you In South
America. \Come \ with l me, get " a divorce
and ) your wife shall - have an • Income such
as she never dreamed of, and such as you
never could- have -got her in* all your life
otherwise. C You know. I* am not boasting,
As ' you ' must ' know . by.: this,' ; I . am " one of
the 'richest women in the world."
CUTCLIFFE
AYNE
"Thank you, but I do not accept the
terms. Money la not everything." .
"And meanwhile, remember. I keep you
on board here, whether you like It or
cot; and until you give way to what I
want your, wife may starve. So if she
and your children are In painful straits
you must recollect that It is entirely your
fault"
"Quite : so," said Kettle. "She will be
content to . starve when she knows the
reason." .
Donna Clotilde's eyes began to glitter.
"There are not many men who would
refuse If I offered them myself,"
. "Then, miss, I must remain curious."
She stamped her foot "I have hungered
for you all this time and I will not give
1 you up for mere words, you will come to
love me in time as I love you. I tell you
you ...will, ; you : must, you shall. I have
got: you now and I will not let you go
again." . .. < .
'Then, .miss," said Kettle grimly, "I
shall have to show you that I am too
hot to hold.". ,
She. faced him with heaving breast
"We "will see, who wins," she cried.
"Probably," said Captain Kettle, and
took off his cap. "Good night, miss, for
the present We know how we stand; the
game appears to begin between us from
now." •/•:;'
Cautiously he \ founds his way 'to the
steward's ; storeroom, ' filled: a case with
meat . tins ' and .' biscuit. • and . then \u25a0 coming
on deck again stowed it away in the life
boat which hung- In davits ' outboard,
without being.: noticed. , .with equal suc
cess he took the \u25a0 boat's beaker forward,
filled It from a water tank and got it
fixed on Its chocks again, still without
being seen. ' The moon was behind clouds
and the darkness favored him. " He threw
down the colls of the davit falls on deck,
castoff'one from/where It was belayed,
took a turn and carried the bight to the
other: davit so' that hV could lower away
both tackles at once.'
But ; he , was not allowed to get much
farther^ The ' disused blocks screamed
like- a parcel .of cats - as . the ropes
rended through them; there was a shrill
whistle ' from '_the'j officer' of 'the watch
and : half a dozen men * from various parts
of 'the^ deck came bounding- along to In
terfere. BRBsM"££8(!
Captain Kettle let go both falls to
overhaul as they chose, picked up a
green-heart belaying pin out of the
pin rail and stood on the defensive. But
the forward fall kinked and Jammed,
and though the little man fought Ilka
a demon to keep off the watch till ha
got it clear, they were too many for
him. and drove him to the deck by
sheer weight of numbers. He had
cracked one man's forearm In the
scuffle, laid open another's face and
smashed In the front teeth of a third,
and they were rather Inclined to treat
him roughly, but the red-haired skipper
came up and by sheer superior strength
picked him up. kicking and- struggling,
and hustled him off below whether h«
liked It or not
The lifeboat dangled half-swamped
from the forward davit tackle and all
hands had to be piped before they
could get her on board again, and by
the time they had completed this Job
there was another matter handy to oc
cupy their attention. A fireman, cams
up from below, white-faced and trem
bling:
"The yacht's half full of water," he .
said.
Now that their attention was called
to it, they noticed the sluggish way she
rode the water.
. "She must * have started a plate or
something," the fireman went on ex
citedly. "We've got both bllg* pump*
running and they won't look at It.
The water's coming in like a sluice."
"Carpenter,"* sans out the red-haired
man. "come below* with me and see If
we can find anything," and ha led tha
way to the- companion. Between decks
they could hear the water slopping
about under the flooring. It seemed a
bad. almost a hopeless ease.
Instinctively the red-haired man went
to his own room to pocket hi* valuables,
and by a chance h« was moved to lift op
the door in the floor which covered tha
bath beneath it. Ah. there was tha mis
chief. The seacock which filled tha bath
Was turned on to tha full, and the Iron
tub was gushing water on every side. The
next stateroom was empty, but tha bath
cock there was also turned on to tha
full; and after going round the. ship, and
finally entering Kettle's room (and cov
ering him with a revolver) and turning
off hl3 water supply he found that tha
sea had been pouring Inboard from no
fewer than eight separate apertures.
""And this Is your . work, you little
fiend. I suppose?" said the red-haired man
savagely.
"Certainly." said Captain Kettle:
"Shoot me If you like, put me ashore If
you ' choose, but don't grumble If you
find me » denced ngly passenger. Tm
(Continued oa rase T.)A MODERN HOSPITAL
AWHEEL
CT^ n£ latest Innovation in Western
r% I . railroading Is a hospital car, de-
I ; signed by and constructed under
I the direction of Dr. F. X- Ains
e. i - worrh. chief surgeon of the South
• era Pacific Company.
,lt Is not a hospital car simply In name,
that may.be hurried with surgeons, nurses
ap<s eurjgfcai appliances to the scene of &
wreck or accident, for the purpose of tem
porarily giving succor to the Injured and
sick, but a. hospital car in fact, possessing
all the needs of a modern Institution and
rcsdy for any kind of an emergency alon*
the lines of the big railroad corporation.
'•The car la the product of the. Southern
Padflo Company's shops in Sacramento
and has the distinction, which, of course.
Dr. Alnsworth Is proud 'of, of being the
first of Its kind to be added to the rolling
clock «f anjr. of the big corporations In
this country. It was constructed along
line* favorable to the better treatment
and comfort of Injured patrons and em
ploye* of the road and has been the sub
ject of general comment throughout the
railroad world for the Ingenious arrange
ment of Its many details.
; While thousands of dollars are being
expended continually by the railroad cor
porations 'on the Improvement of their
medical departments, especially \in the
building of modern hospitals at various
points along their lines, with a view to
decreasing the serious results of exposure
and stiflerlng that naturally attend seri
ous wrecks and accidents to trains. It re
mained for the Southern Pacific "Company
, to Introduce a novel and most valuable
feature In the shape of a hospital car.
* The Idea was conceived months aco by
Dr. Ainsworth, but did not develop Into
definite plans until he had been afforded
opportunity to make a careful study of
the different methods pursued by the rail
reads In this country and abroad In the
handling of. injured persons.
France, it was discovered, had been
using a car for hospital purposes for a
I long time, but an Investigation revealed
the fact that the car was not a satisfac
tory one. -In view of Its many faulty de
tails of 'construction and equipment. It,
however, 'gave Dr. Alnsworth some en
couragement In his ambition to possess a
much needed 'traveling hospital and set
his mind at work evolving plans for a car
that would meet the requirements of the
Far West, where cities and towns are
separated by long ctretches of unpopu
lated lands,, sometimes by mountainous
places, where it is next to an Impossibility
to give prompt attention to the Injuries cf
persons under the railroad conditions that
have £xist«td up to the present time.
Heretofore It has been the practice of
, the Southern Pacific and other big rail
road companies to send their Burgeons to
a wreck In an ordinary car, which lacked
many of* the requisites of a hospital.
Often it has been found necessary to per
form operations at the scene of the wreck,
thus, subjecting the. patient to dangerous
exposure, and the lack of other facilities
has natiirally increased the suffering of
those less seriously hurt. Finally the vie
" ilms of the werck have been bundled Into
c Che car and hurried to some Important
6tation cji the line, where their Injuries
received proper attention. The advent of
the new hospital car eliminates much of
tWs former unfortunate experience and
will undoubtedly greatly lessen the seri
ous results, that have frequently followed
the lack of better attention to patrons
of, the roads who have been mixed up in
train wrecks. •/.-..;
The car is 76 feet in length and includes
within* its walls an operating or dressing
room, -v drawing-room, that may be read
ily transformed into a ward for the sick
or. injured, 2. private bedroom, with lava
tory, shower bath and lockers for the
use of the surgeon in charge of the car,
an observation room, that can also be
converted into a sleeping apartment, a
well-equipped klfchen and comfortable
quarters for the nurses and servants, a
storage room for stretchers, and lockers
galore for the care of surgical appliances,
medicines and /Iruffs and other necessities
of a hospital. There is also a modern
heating apparatus, a refrigerating plane
end a china closet replete with bright
ware that is used by the Eurgeons and
other occupants.
The servants' quarters and the heat-
Ing apparatus occupy the extreme for
ward uart of the car and just behind
them are the kitchen, pantry and linen
lockers. Next lo the kitchen are two of
tke most important compartments of the
car— the operating room, and the ward
room.c both of which serve in a dual ca
pacity, the former, when necessary, as a
dining-room ni:d the latter as a draw
ing-room. The dining-room contains an
elegant jable and buffet sideboard with
«• locker below and chairs of attractive de
eign. -In the "drawing-room, when tt is
being* used as a place of leisure, are
several big easy chairs, giving It the ap
pearance*. cf a comfortable living room
on one o a f the fashionable yachtst in the
East.
tvhen the compartment Is turned over
to the use of sick or Injured the chairs
"are stored beneath the car. In specially
fcrranged" boxes; the carpet also disap
pears, and by means of a mechanical
device the sleeping berths are ele
vated" into position and the curtains
swung for the protection of the patients.
The* berth raising mechanism is an inno
vation i:i modern railroading. "No. 119,"
as Dr. Ainswcrth's hospital car is desig
nated. In \he company's records, pos-
CHASING THE ALMIGHTY DOLLAR
m? i^HE dollar bulks large In the esti-
I mation of the average American.
j If you doubt it, listen to the talk
I of the street, the cars, the hotel
A lobbies. - - Phrases like these pass
from lip to lip— "a good deal," "a paying
proposition,", "heard about the new
trust?" "stocks a bit ticklish to-day," and
so on. And if we could hear what peo
ple think as well a* say we should be
even more certain that the thought of
most grown men and women and even
<3l the rising generation Is largely occu
pied with plans and processes of money
getting. Professor William James of
Harvard, that acute psychologist, has
said that there is nothing which the
average American fears so much as pov
erty. And the way in which men strive
end strain to get money, and to get more
money, and to get still more money con
firms his assertion. William J. Bryan re
cently declared that a man spends the
first half of his life in getting all the
money he can and the second half try-
Ing to prevent others from getting it
away from him.
cesses six sections, or twelve "berths In
all, that are operated by this new me
chanical device, which is controlled^by
Eastern patents.
The berths, in* a collapsible state. He
beneath the car floor in dust-proof cases.
When accommodations are needed for a
patient a portable crank is applied to a
sunken shaft in the center of the floor
by one of the attendants and a few turns
of the crank brings the upper berth Into
view. It can be hastily elevated jto its
proper position, near the ceiling or made
stationary at any height above the floor..
In this way. the handling of a patient,
who may be suffering from extreme pain,
is greatly facilitated. If two berths are
needed the .turning of the crank is con
tinued until the second or lower berth
is in position. Then tne attendants draw
an iron frame from the wall ' of the car
above the berths . and to it adjust the
berth curtains, which are so . constructed
as to protect the patient from any pos
sible draught and at" the same time af
ford, him an ample : circulation : of \ fresh
air. ' • ..-.'. . :\u25a0\u25a0--. .:.
On either bide . of . the operating-room
are large swinging doors. that admit from
the outside a stretcher, whose ; occupant
can be quickly moved to the car and
The chase is- not confined. to any one
class. A lawyer holding one of the most
responsible official positions In one of our
great commonwealths has just refused
to be a candidate for re-election, : presum
ably because he. feels the time has come
to acquire t a fdrtune for ', his family, as
he easily can do with his legal reputa
tion. He is only one. of many who do
not think • they can afford to- put. their
powers at the service of the state, even
when the salaries which they "draw,, com
pared with the salaries ' of ! many profes
sional men, seem large.' And if we go to
another class in society we .find 'just as
much eagerness for' the dollar. .An, in
telligent railroad engineer confided. to me
the other day his -. opinion of . his com
rades in the same- line .of . work. , "The
railroad men of • this . country," he said,
"are a pretty good set of men. .'lf a fel
low gets Into trouble they „ will help him
out. But they are a greedy lot They
are after the best Job and if. they can get
It they are apt, t*. be- piggish about hold-
Ing 1L" But Is not ; that. Just about what
any of us would have to confess. with re
gard to many of the'menwitb'whora we
placed on the* operating table so that his
injuries can be promptly attended to. If
he be In no need of this kind of treat
ment, or if on his way. to one of the
regular hospitals in the towns along the
lines of the Southern Pacific Company,
he can be as readily transferred to a
berth. In cases, where the patient 'is
likely to suffer great pain by being trans
ferred from a stretcher to a berth this
trying ordeal is overcome by adjusting
the stretcher in position In the berth,
where the Injured person may remain
until the car ' takes him nearer to his
destination. /<
The operating \nd ward room are sep
arated from the balance of the car by
sliding doors that insure absolute privacy
during surgical work, and when the com-
». \- \u25a0 ;.- •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -<-\u25a0•.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:
partments are being used for " ordinary,
purposes, these 'doors remain open, thus
affording plenty of accommodations for
a number of persons, who' may be travel-
Ing in the car. '\u25a0''\u25a0'.--• • \u25a0 '
Adjoining the ward room Is a medical
locker. In which are kept all the * latest
and valuable surgical appliances, band
ages - and a complete dispensary outfit.
In the rear of this locker are the private
apartments of the chief surgeon, consist
ing *of airy bedroom with a, stationary
are closely related, though we might not*
use- exactly the same adjectives? ]
Well, an age of commercialism is better!
than an age of utter stagnation. We have;
to admit that' tiie asa for the .dollar'
calls' into play some of our .God-given'
talents, that th« tremendous material ad-!
vance of our time furnishes scope for lnl-'
tlatlve, persistency. Inventiveness, : cour-;
age, • that ' some men \u25a0 are '.born business'
men Just as i some men « are born poets'
and that such men : can hardly help mak- !
Ing money If; they, only exert. themselves.;
Moreover, we may moralize as. we please,'
but we l are not likely., to stop the present'
drift of affairs. .A - discerning ) business!
man In, the circle* of "high finance", said!
not iong ago that, rich as .this country. Is, ;
it Is 'going to be far V richer , as its- re-
sources are r developed £\u25a0 and :] he added, '
"There , Is [ going '.: to *- be* enough ; to ' go 1
around," by which he meant that no man ;
or . no slnsle : set of ,ny a ':\u25a0 could V mohopo-'
lize all this vast -wealth ,that; Is to be. -(
v /What, .then," ought, to .be our, attitude
toward this chase for. the dollar?* First of
all,,we"should recognize, that the dollar:
is, after all, only the means to an end.
One honor!* the > dollar I because.. It
for wealth, comfort. ; home,' luxuries, op-
THE SAN^FRANaSGO:- SUNDAYv^CAr^;
portunities for- travel, v" for"; hospitality,-' for
charity. -Viewed \u25a0 apart j from; these? ends. 3
the dollar is only/ a I , bit; of: metal- or- paper
unworthy Hto .be the? object *of -< any •« ra
tional/being's v chase. -.V ' - \u25a0 • ~ . \u25a0 •• r*V> -W
.Moreover. ? the/, dollar .vj Is , : seldom'/ ttte
double; bea, a folding washstandV shower
bath and toilet room. . *
; Behind these apartments Is an .ele
gantly ."T furnished observation-room,
nine feet, deep. Erin the forward right
hand; corner _of -the room is an exten
sion lounge,'- upholstered In richly col
ored leather. If extra sleeping accom
modations; are, needed: aboard the car
this lounge :1s ? easily converted Into an
upper and; lower berth. ,\u25a0 \ -• i
, That-'Dr. Alnsworth's ingenuity was
put to a .severs ! test . la I the - develop-
?meaiwUo^the\hlghest"f«ridaVJl^d6ubtUf.
;as Ta^ rule/ i the /<rleh^ are : very ; much * ftap
< pier.* than -the > poor. •* Indeed, the 'dollar ' Is
? often. : the I occasion. If =,<not s the s source "I of
; sorrow ,'an.d ,of . wrongdoing. -A' banker
In .'a., certain .-city; had\'anT : abundance: of
rnent of his ideas as to what a modern
hospital car should be is suggested in
every detail of construction of this
new car. Every possible foot "of space
has been utilized for some advan
tageous purpose or other, a fact that
soon becomes noticeable to a visitor.
While the interior finish is attractive
It^is by no means elaborate, tho ex
pressed desire of DrJ AJrnsworth being
that decorative art be omitted as far
as possible, for his Idea, is that dec
orations are conducive of bad sanitary
. \u25a0\u25a0 ...,.- *- (. • .- - - ... \u25a0 .
dollars and "all that dollars can bring,
but , still he wanted more, wanted them
so badly that he embezzled funds Intrust
ed to his ! cafe. •• and^ the result Is the
wrecking of his own life and sorrow upon
sorrow to those closest to him.
... .
conditions, that necessarily have to be
avoided in a car of this character.
Mahogany finish prevails throughout
the car. except in the kitchen and
'front end. which are in natural oak,
and the rear compartment, which has
a finish of weathered oak. The car Is
lighted by Plntsch gas and Is wired for
electric lighting, which will be fur
nished through the medium of a train
dynamo or by an axle generating ap
paratus. Heating pipes extend through
out its Interior and a fresh, water sup
ply is obtained from overhead tanks.
The total weight of the car Is 122.500
pounds, of which 41,000 pounds belong
to the two six-wheel trucks upon
which it is mounted. v
Great care was taken In tha con
struction of the car with a view of In
suring: its easy riding, s,o that patients)
who may have to be transported Ions;
distances will . not suffer unnecessary
discomfort. Shortly after leaving the
Sacramento shops it was given an ex
traordinary . run to Chicago, where It
was sidetracked to permit It to b« In
spected by the members of tho Ameri
can Railway Association, who wer* la
convention there.
On this run the car proved its thor
ough adaptability to the purposes for
which It was built. In so far as easy
riding and strength of construction are
concerned, and since then it has made
several long trip 3. the latest to the
southern end of the Western system
of the Southern Pacific Company's line,
whither it was dispatched by Dr. Alns
worth to bring north several Injured
persons.
The Introduction of the new hospital
car on the Southern Pacific Company's
lines Is to be followed by the con
struction of several more but less elab
orate cars for similar purposes. They
will not be built with the observation
compartment and some of the other
luxuries of Dr. Alnsworth's car. for the
latter was designed with the Idea "of
not only serving in cases of emergen
cies, but as a private car for the chief
surgeon when It is necessary for him
to travel over the divisions of the
road. The new cars, however, will be
as fully equipped with surgical appli
ances and medicines as the present car.
The company's lines extend over such
an unusually large . territory that It has
been often a difficult matter to reach the
scene of an accident or wreck as expe
dltlously as the medical department would
wish. It was this annoying fact that first
suggested to Dr. Ainsworth tho need of
hospital cars, that could be assigned to
divisions and proceed to a wreck imme
diately on receipt of the tlrst call for a.<»
slstance. His plans appealed strongly to
the good judgment of the management cX
the road and- ended In the authorization
for the construction of the magnificent
car recently turned out by the company's
most skilled mechanics in the Sacramento
shops.
Months of constant studying and travel
ing were consumed by Dr. Alnsworth be
fore he was ready to submit to the com
pany's draughtsmen his plans for a car.
and even after the latter had been de
signed and Its superstructure started
many changes In the original plans were
made In order to conform with the latest
', Ideas of the chief surgeon. Among the
' many surgeons who have inspected the
hospital car the consensus of opinion is
that there Is little room for improvement
on No. 119.
Until the other hospital cars are ready
for service this car will have its head
quarters on a, side track in the railroad
yards at Third and Townsend streets,
where it will be ready for a call at any
hour of the day or night. Its crew of
nurses, cooks and porters will remain by
it constantly, and all that will be neces
sary to. start it on its mission of mercy
to a scene of disaster will be to connect
it to a baggage car and locomotive and
give It Its signal to pull out of the com
pany's yards.
"While Dr. Alnsworth has been directing
the construction of the hospital car he
has also been devoting a great deal of at
tention to a plan for establishing along
th» lines of the company modernly
equipped emergency hospitals, such as
have been already* designed for West
Oakland, Bakersfield. Truckee, Dunsmulr,
Sparks and Indio. In the event of big
train wrecks or accidents these hospitals
will be made a receiving place for the
more seriously Injured. The latter will be
conveyejd- to the emergency hospitals in
the newly equipped cars, and when their
injuries will permit the patients will then
be transferred to the big hospital In this
city or to the branch hospitals on other
divisions of the system.
Dr. Alnswonh's plan for a hospital car
is expected to be adopted soon by the of
ficials t>t the Union Pacific and other sys
tems in which the influence of E. H. Har
i!man dominates, and also by the o.ther
l*i£«: trs.iirx'Oiitlnental lines, th-j officials
of wtuui £ttve already inspected and an*
proved the local car.•,'V" y c P-2£II rr~m & scientific experl
j— (• ment that has proved to his own
r^'a's well as the satisfaction of
J^ several of bis colleagues that the
life principle acts electrically in all
living' organism and that the brain,
charged, .as he contends, with electrical
energy; Js capable of registering
tflought, upon electrical principles, Dr.
Albert J. Atkins, professor of phy
siology of the California Medical Col
lege, has suddenly found himself
forced into great prominence in the
scientific world and besieged on all
Sides for Information regarding his the
ories of life, which he is quietly striv
\u25a0*ing to develop into demonstrative
facto./ •_
In a ' recent achievement, witnessed
by. and attested to by a number of well
! known nwdical people of San Francisco,
this young scientist, who was compara
tively Unknown five years ago, sees the
damning o£ one of his life's ambitions
and t lie- • possible revolutionizing of
many of the-iheories of physiology.
Two weeks ago a little party of In
vestigators,, including Dr. Atkins, Dr.
Emma A. Lewis, who has long been as
sociated -with the former in his sclcn
tiac experiments. Dr. H. W. Hunsaker,
Dr. A. U. Nelson. Dr. 'W. - A. ' Wheelah,
Captain L. D. Wildman of the United
£tates signal corps, who was present
bj- sanction of the Washington authori
ties and :::a<2e a report on the results of
the day's work, and Dr. Atkins' assist
ants, Miss Wilson end Miss Adelaide
Hanscoxnb. met by appointment at
fifth and Market streets and jour
neyed over to the slaughter pens In
Butcherto^ra on a mission, the success
of which has since provoked wide
spread comment in the scientific world.
The object of this mission was to de
torxnlne by a thorough experiment, for
which Dr. Atkins had been making
ctref u! preparations for several weeks,
tow and. ln what manner the life forces
.act, from an electrical standpoint. The
.test was made upon the brain of a 11 v
' lag Texas steer, carefully selected from
a band- cf the sturdy animals by the
slaughtermen. The experiment was
simple ln.lts detail, lasting less than flf
.. teea minutes, during which Captain
Wildman, stationed at a galvanometer,
ope hundred feet beyond the scene of
• operation, carefully recorded the de
'fiectioos of, that extremely sensitive
" Qiaclzlns.
, The steer, which was destined for
j ordinary slaughter, died In the Interest
Cf science, and as it lay upon the
bearfiefl floor of the slaughter pen,
tightly fettered and lashed, its brain,
pulsating under two electrodes, that
\u25a0were connected with the distant
galvanometer, it furnished the needed
material- for the scientific research of
23x. Atkins and his Interested com
panions.
No batteries were used In the ex
periment, a small Insulated copper wire
connecting the specially prepared
platinum electrodes directly with the
galvanometer one hundred feet away.
Wtten the electrodes were Inserted Into
the lobes cf the steer's brain tbe gal
vanometer registered a deflection of
seven points, but within a minute's
tfcae this reoord was changed to four
points. This change, according to
fo.pts.ln Wildmtn, under ' whose per
sonal supervision the galvanometer
was candled, may have been due to
two causes; a temperature effect,
caused by the Insertion of the cold
electrodes Into tbe animal's brain, or
'to the mental excitement of the steer
wbea the Instruments were put Into
his brain. At any rate Captain Wild
ir.tn. In a report be has made on the
result of the experiment, that Is, as to
the electrical phase of the affair, says
tbat whatever the causes may be, the
tact remains tbat a current, sufficient
ly strong to create a deflection of four
points In the galvanometer, continued
= tor six minutes while the steer lay
' quietly on tbe pen floor, free from the
' JSrst ,m,ental excitement.
' , * A second experiment was made when
the .steer's throat was cut. Then the
deflections registered at nineteen points
slid continued to fall until the elec
trodes'were removed at the end of five
&nd a half minutes after the animal's
throat- was cut. Captain Wlldman
notes the variations that followed the
putting of the steer's throat and at
" tributes them to the final struggle of
Jhe i>east. With the needle of the
galvanometer In its normal position
"**ne. electrodes were next placed In the
blood of the steer that had been re
ceived In a wooden bucket and again
the needle became agitated. From these
cesults^Dr. Atkins deducts that the
brain is Itself a battery; that Its own
electrical force was responsible for the
<def. eciion on the galvanometer, and
{hat. the blood of the animal, also
charged -with electricity, was responsi
ble to the final movements of the
ifeedle.
And Captain Wlldman, speaking only
jls an experienced electrician, says:
thing, however. Is proven. In
\u25a0The living animal there exists a differ
ence in potential between two points
in the brain, which difference In po
tential would cause a certain amount
of electrical current to pass between
WORKING TO EVOLUTIONIZE
PHYSIOLOGICAL
THEORIES
those points. When, the animal is killed
by bleeding to death -'this difference
in potential ceases, and with it the
electrical current."
Five years of hard work on the part of
Dr. Atkins and Dr.. Emma Lewis, who
has rendered him valuable assistance and
offered the young scientist a world of en
couragement when the more skeptical
members of his profession were inclined
to scoff at his theories, have finally been
rewarded with the reEUlts of this recent
experiment. During those* five years Dr.
Atkins made experiments. on other classes
of animals to demonstrate that electrical
currents are generated in the living lungs
every time that- '--a* new breath i of oxygen
is drawn, in 'from, the atmosphere, and he
has also proven by. experiment .with ; the
living stcmach of a healthy man that
there exists within the walls of. that or
gan a direct current of .electrical energy.
He has found the same force registered in
all other living organs, and this fact, ; to
gether with the results of his recent test
upon the brain of \u25a0 the Texas • steer/ at
Butchertown, further strengthens . j the
conclusions he has-been nourishing for
months— that the life principle Is elec
trical in Its action. -•'•• '
"The fact that we ha^ found a differ
ence in potential between the different
portions of the brain," insists DV-, Atkins,
as he interestingly enters Into a discus- \u25a0
sion of his theories and - conclusions,
"proves practically that the whole brain
works upon the electrteal plan and is un^ '
doubtedly the great center of eleotrloal
activity within the living organism." • j
The brain being: charged with eltctrto
energy, says the doctor, is the causa of
all the sense organs responding to the
external waves of. force or stimuli. . For
instance, the ear Is sensitive to the sound
waves, the. eye Is : sensitive to the light
waves and all other organs of sense re
spond to various forces when charged
with electrical . forces of life, upon /.the
same plan as the telephone or the tele
graph. The doctor likens the living brain
to the receiver of the wireless telegraphy
system in responding to the waves of
universal' thought. \u0084 ;
Pursuing his discussion along these
lines, he pictures the brain as the great
central office of the whole living system,'
connected ' throughout all its Intricate
mechanism by delicate nerve cella' and
nerve wires, which are ' so constructed aa
to throw the currents into different wave
lengths and thus produce all the differ
ences of action in the body.
He. takes the emphatic stand that this
law of action in wave lengths and rate of
vibration Is tbe key to all the mystery of
action In the human body. He goes fur
ther by Insisting that it Is the key to the
sublime mysterlca of the universe, and
furnishes the scientific world a sugges
tion on the broad field of Investigation by
a statement that when the brain is
charged with the electrical life principle
It may become In tune* with the vibra
tions of the universal ether and catch
from It the wireless messages of thought.
Therein he finds a possible scientific ex
planation of Buch conditions as telepathy
and clairvoyance, which, in his opinion,
are only higher vibrations and greater
sensitiveness of normal action in the or
ganism, and in no wise supernatural. .1
"Nothing is supernatural," contends Dr.
W. L. BROWN
\u25b2tklni. "2t 1* only that the wu» develops
to higher poaaf btlltleav afid tha miracle of
yesterday Is tha eelentino fact of to-day.
Thar* la nothing too mystexioua for atudy
and investigation. Nature everywhere in
vites us to view her wonders] all she asks
is an earnest study of ' truth • and an ; un
prejudiced mind for its acceptance. Even
tha great my stery of gravitation becomes
more comprehensive if we look at it from
an eleotrloal - basis V and : consider that
every ioh has its minute portion of stored
potential : energy, and that \u25a0 It ' Is ' the sum
of tbe magnetic : attraction of .< the • poten
tial energy which Is stored for existing , in
the Individual, units, of a body ; acting, upon" 1
the sum of the mag-netio attraction stored
in the units of another .body— or, in other
words, ; the aggregate magnetic , attraction
of one maas of units for. the aggregate
magnetic ; attraction ; of ; ancrther x mass of
units— that constitutes ; the ; power :\u25a0 known
as ggravitation.' -... .- ; ; .", V*:•'.•^ >:•'.• \\,.-'-. '—..\u25a0\u25a0
"Whether* we i look ;lnto ( ; the, -action of .
universal energy; or, see \u25a0• It { manifested in
special living organisms, -we- shall find:
that the life ; principle everywhere works
through the laws of electricity and mag
netism.' Tha -whole] universe ; is : activity,*
life is activity; substance itself In" its uU
tlxnate analysis ia reducible to energy."
' In thia way he deduces that the fun
damental basis of : materialism •- is ii.. de
stroyed and .the world -is ready \ for a
higher ; plane -of mental -evolution. To
him the universe is no; longer : looked
upon as being dead matter,' but Instead
it, Is 1 active, .pulsating , energy. - .
; ' From , universal ' energy, , ; nature • , has
vibrated everything « in to' -being. Y-.from
the condensation of atpmic nebulae to
mighty, suns and planets, tho magni
tude of : which • exceeds .*; the ; limits • .<] of \u25a0
human . understanding, ' and '• when 4 --, our
brain aenaltivenesa becomes euch that
THE .SAN FRANCISCO- SUNDAY CALIi
we are able to register vibrations from
nattuVa finer waves <of thought the
dootor says that wa will learn \u25a0 that all
life via relatedj It ia not bound by
earthly or -material limitations.r*;.
; Life is a aubject of inexhaustible
study and no one appreciates this faot
more .'than Dr. Atkins, and I 'doubt if
there \u25a0 la ' any;: living being < that is more
deeply interested in the solution of the
great I problems ': It <Is constantly . fur
nishing, mankind, and -especially the
scientific-; world. Upon that: particular
' problem - that . he \u25a0 is . now -working..' . at
the risk of hla health; and ;by sacrificing
the \u25a0; most \u25a0' ordinary / comforts of C daily
life—^expending) labor,: ; thought and
money J.to. ; determine "-.'-•. the /relation of
the. electrical ' force of tha universe' to
the living organs, the. dootor dwells in
terestingly upon the probable benefits
that ' humankind ,:>will:. derive i * when
science has probed further into the
mysteries. A deeper study, of : the eleo
1 trical action taking, place In \ the human
system " will, ;bo-' Dr. .Atkins : foreshad
ows, f give x the . worlds ' at some >i future
day, a:netr physiology, : a *': physiology
which jhe 'believes will teach la' better
adaption : of . nature's , laws '. and , result
in I a more rational '-\u25a0'. treatment \ot}\\ tha
sick. • Summed up, the doctor* a theories
on this subject are these: \u25a0 ;
y : "With \ a better understanding; of na
ture's methods ,« of •:\u25a0 maintaining ••equili
brium of .forces} in -the -organism, we
shall learn , to { cure diseases that has
bafliedVthe .. skill bf c&llc &ll : ages./ 'Al
ready I the people, -grown ;',wise ,; by v :ex
perience, are : turning ; away, from serum
therapy. Cr and ; , overmedlcatlon. :. ," They
are seeking health in the open fields of
nature, ; bathing .-;their. A bodies v.i; ln> her^
blessed sunshine and filling their lungs
with her certain life. \u25a0 ,'I£SB
"Who shall deter thamf ha aalca 1
"Who ahall say they are not laying a
foundation for better condltiona for tha 1
whole race t, I;.' " '-\u0084'.' "' '\u0084','\u25a0\u25a0{
. !'Air,i natur a'a. pure,. freah air, la what ,
we moat need. If the human lungs had
plenty of moving, living , airt without '
draught, and tha human race had auf-i
floient good. food,' with less worry and
waste of • energy in gaining the neces
sities of A life, there would be suoh -a 1
decrease in the death rate from , oon- ,
sumption i or tuberculosis -that within
the period of. a few. years the. disease (
would acarcely.be known. "We muat re-,
member . the = great; amount of carbon
iferous, decaying matter; thrown off'
from the lunga^ every twenty-four 1
houra. If for any feaaon'tha lunga are
not cleared of thia vitiated, "'animal
matter, • what ia ,tha resultT'.; They be- 1
come" clogged "and proper electxicication (
of the % blood . cannot ;take" place ; thus :
• the" mass becomes; a" hotbed "for the|
generation of tuberoular baollll, whioh
appear by the" million, as a result and '
not as a cause of this scourge of the 1
human race."; ..,,.;;. .\'\r-,, ' \u25a0'. .; (
Think of -\u25a0 it. ; w Imagine _ the , theories
that -Dr.' Atkins , is \u25a0 now; trylng.to work
out to a' point where • they, will be gen
erally." accepted being T finally realized
In fact ; Conceive ' ourselves .. eventual-,
ly/f by.;roeana\Of kwirele^s messages /of
thought, coming In.touch with , a11 ..1.1f a,
as .the doctor insists, we will., and real
izing, that \we I are \u25a0} a part of - the In
finite. \u0084:-;: . :. :. ; : \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 > - X-.y .-• •\u25a0
i In thia era -of investigation ''. Dr. At
kins 'sees 'the 'scientific mind looking
.beyond- the: limits of chemical -action
onlyias being' the sole cause of the
manifestation jof : llfeVforce. -It, la his
theory-^and, by tha way, all his theories
pertaining to the life principle are
shared by Dr. Emma Lewis, with whom
he has worked along scientific lines for
a number of years— -that we are begin
ning to - understand that ' no chemical
action can take place In any part of
the universe /without the \change of
the potential Into active energy.-*
He accepts universal energy as the
coaster, -builder,' -whether , it works In
the descending 'scale, causing involu
tion. or» whether it works in the as
cwidlng scale,; causing evolution. -In
vttatlont represents causation, evolu
tion represents result. In Involution ia
the unseen plan, of universal energy;
evolution is the visible execution of
that plan. Involution forms the pat
t*ra*la the ' cell, whlcb evolution even
tually work* Into form and Shane.
"By this llf<» principle," remarks this
entbuticstlo eoler.tist. this compara
tively young man, who has suddenly
rl<3»n to a high point of distinction In
the snl«ntlflo world, and who is hope
fnl of achieving greater results before
his own electrio force has subsided,
'by this life prinnlple the kingdoms
of. nature are linked, into one bar-
Raiding of Donna Clotilde
(Continued •from Page ft.)
not in the habit of being made to travel
where. l don't wlsh.-f*
.: That afternoon Kettle contrived to set
the yacht afire In three \u25a0 separate places
and' a good deal of damage was dona (and
night thad' fallen again) before the seared
crew managed to> extinguish the flames j
and this time Donna Clotilde Intervened.
She asked, for Kettle's parole that he
would • attempt \u25a0no further mischief; and
when thlß was flatly refused, incontinent
ly put him in Irons. The lady: was some
what tigerish in- her -affections.
. -When the yacht passed the straits
she bad four days' more coal on board
and the executive (and. Kettle) expect
ed that she would go Into Gibraltar
and lay alongside a hulk to rebunker.
But Donna Clotilde had other notions.
She had the' yacht run down the Mo
rocco coast and brought to an anchor.
So long, as \u25a0 she \u25a0 had Captain Kettle In
her company upon the waters she did
not vastly care whether she was mov
ing or at a standstill.
"You cannot' escape me here," she
said to him when the cable had roared
from* the hawae pipe and the dandy
steamer had swung to a rest. "The
yacht is victualed for a year and I can
stay here as long as you choose. You
had far better be philosophical and
give In. Marry me now and liking will
come afterward." ' >'J
Kettle looked at the tigerish love and
resentment which flashed from her black
eyes and answered with cold politeness
that time. would show what- happened;
though, .to tell: the truth. Indomitable
though he, was as a general thing, he was
at that time feeling that escape was al
most impossible. And so for the while he
more cr less resigned himself to captiv
ity.- ?; .-:•... . . ' ; \u25a0
' But others, It seems, 'besides those al
ready mentioned in this narrative were
taking a lively Interest In the smart
yacht and her people. She was at an
chor In the bay of the Riff coast, and the
gentry who Inhabited the beach villages,
(and the villages In the hills behind the
f beach,- had always looked upon -anybody
and anything they could grab as their
just , and lawful prey. The, Sultan of
Morocco,. the warships of Franca, Spain
and. elsewhere .and the emissaries of
other powers had time after time en
deavored to school them In the science
'of civilisation, without effect, and ao they
1 still remain to-dajr. the only regularly
practicing pirates in the western world.
1 The yacht was sighted first from the
hills, was reported to the beach vil
lages, and waa reconnoltered under
cover of night by a tiny, fishing boat.
The report waa pleasing and tha word \u25a0
went round. , Bearded brown man col
lected at *an appointed spot, taoh • with
the anna to which -he was beat accus
tomed, and when darkness fell
four large boats were run down to the
) feather edge of the surf. There was
\no indecent hurry. They ... did' their
work . with .method and carefulness,
like men who are used to it, and they
arrived: alongside "the yacht at 8 a.m.
confidently expecting to take her by
surprise. . :. ;
..The "\u25a0 yacht's • low freeboard made
but a small . obstacle to a climber
from the large, boats alongside, and
neither the deckhands nor the stock
hold cre.w were any of them trained
flghtingmen. In. their prentice hands
the' kicking revolvers' threw high, 'and
were only useful as knuckledusters, and
till they had 'thrown them down and
got their . cutlasses Into play they did
hardly any execution to speak about.*
The Riff men, 'on the other hand, had
been bred and born In an atmosphere
of skirmish; and made ground steadily.
At ' an early point of tha scuffle. Cap
tain Kettle came on' deck with a cigar
in his mouth and hands In "his pockets,
and looked on \u25a0 upon .matters , with -. a
critical interest,- but did not offer to in
terfere one .way or -the other. .It was
quite \u25a0 a new . sensation ; to him,' to watch
an actlve_flght without being . called
upon to assist or arbitrate.
And thin upxame from below Donna
Clotilde iLa LTouche, dressed and wea
poned, and, without a' bit of hesitation,
flung, herself into the turmoil. She saw
Kettle standing on one side, but neither
besought r nor. commanded him.'. She
would ; have died sooner than - ask for
his help then ; and be met with refusal.
. Into tha \u25a0 melee aha went, knife and
monlous whole: one phase of life fol
lows another in gentle gradations ;
there are # absolutely no lines of ' de~
markatlon* between the so-called
divisions, except in the mind of n!an.
Through earth's forests, vines ' and
grain fields, nature 'shadows forth her
underlying principle of life. Gradually
developing her forces in seed and cell,
patiently preserving their Individuality,
as -far as possible, by heredity, she
brings forth order after order, finally
culminating her effort *.n her highest
product— man. .
"Formed by the same principle of
action as the life beneath him, bullded
from atoms and cells which beooma
united into one symmetrical system 07
organism; finally, by emotions and
thoughts he shows a grander power in
the light of mental strength and
beauty. This power of the mind en-*
ables man to penetrate the secrets of
the nether- world, or to 'rise to the In
spiration of wisdom, which * leads to
an understanding of the harmonies of
nature, of which the greatest symphony.
Is the vibratory music- of the universal
life In action."
pistol, and there Is no' doubt that hex
example and the fury of her rush ani
mated the yacht's crew and made them>
stronger to drive the wall of their as
sailants back. To give Dorm* Clotilde
her due, she waa as brave as the bray-»
est man, and, moreover* ah* was a cer
tain shot jat a moderate range. But,
after her revolver was empty and the
presa closed around her. It waa nos
long before an expert hand twisted the
knife from her grasp and then the end
came quickly. An evil smelling man
noted her glorious beauty- and marked "
her out as his special loot. He clapped,
a couple -of sinewy arsis around he?
and bore her away toward the tool*
warks, and his boat. -
Some one had switched on the electrfa
deck lights, and the fight waa In a glow
of radiance, everything was to be clear
ly seen. Donna Clotilda waa being drag
ged resisting along the decks, and Kettle
looked on placidly smoking hla cigar. She
was heaved up on the bulwarks: In an
other moment she would be gone from his)
path forever. .
Still her lips made no sound. - though
her great, black eyes were full of wild
entreaty.. But the eyes were. more than
Kettle could stand. Ha stooped and pick
ed- up a weapon from among the litter on
deck and rushed forward and \ gave a
blow, and the Rlfflan dropped limply, and
Donna Clotilde stood by the yacht's' bul
wark, breathless and gasping. • ' ;
"Now you get away below," he • or
dered curtly. "I'll soon clear this rabble
over the side." • \u25a0
He watched to see her obey him. and •
she did It meekly. Then ' he gave his i
attention to the fight. He broke a packet
of cartridges which lay on the deck
planks, picked up and loaded a revolver
and commenced to make himself useful to
the yacht's crew, and from that moment -
the fortune of the battle turned.
"Hump yourselves, you lazy dogs!"
Kettle shouted. "Keep them on the
move. Drive them over the bows. Mur
der those you can reach. Am I to do all
this Job myself? Come on. you mon
grels." .
Captain Kettle was on the top of the
deck house, which served as a navigat
ing bridge, ostentatiously closing up the
breech of the revolver after 'reloading It.
He wished for a hearing/and after what
they had seen of his- deadly marksman
ahfp, they gave it to him without demur.
Hla needs ware simple. He wanted steam
aa . soon aa tbe engineers could give 'It
him, and he intended ta take the yacht
Into Gibraltar right away. Had anybody
an objection to raise?
The red-haired man made hlznself
spokesman. "We should have to go to
' Olb any way." said . he. "Some of m
want a doctor badly, and three of us want ;
a . parson to read the funeral servloe.
Whether you can get' ashore once we do
'run into Olb, captain, la your own eon*
cam." HHUfcaTm
"You can leave that to mo safely," .
said Captain Kettle. "It will be some
, thing big that stops me from having my
own way now."
*The men dispersed about their duties.
the decks were hosed down and the deck
lights switched off. After awhile Donna
• Clotilde came gliding up out of >the dark
' ness and., stepped 'up. the ladder to the*
top of the . deckhouse. Kettle regarded
her uneasily.
To his surprise she knelt down, took
hij hand and smothered It with burn
"inf kisses. When she went back to tha
head of the ladder. "My dear." she said,
"I will never see you again. I made you
hate me. and yet you saved ray life. I
wish I thought I. could- ever forget you."
"Miss. La Toucbe." said Kettle, "you
will find a man in your own station one
of these days to make you a proper hus
band, and then you will look back at
this cruise and think "how lucky It was
you so soon sickened and kicked me away
from you."
She shook- her bead and smiled' through
her tears*" . -. •
"You. are generous." she \ said. "Good
by^ .Good -by, my darling. Good-by." .
Then she went dor,-n the ladder, and Ket
tle never caw her again. -.".*'
A quartermaster came up and took the
wheel. The windlass engine had -been
clacking, and the red-halrea man ''called
out from forward.'. "AH gone." ' . .' .
"Quartermaster." said Kettle. \
••Yes,* sir," said the ' quartermaster. ; !"
"Nor" nor* west and by "west." ' f
- "Nor* nor' west and by west tt Is, ah\*
said the quartermaatsr brial^r.AS A TALE THAT IS TOLD
fCCgpyrlrfit by B. S/ McClude & Co.)
IP-;wafi the first of November, but the .
gtass»^tlll showed a pleasant green
ness* £o»'hoar frosts were holding off.
( The ba»«eness of the woods was re
lived, by patches of russet, touched with
<Juir'*reds and yellowsV- and through the
still* iir* leaves and then, sailed
\u2666•arthward like slowly descending birds.
Becausa. o£ the Indian summer mellow
ness, wtiich rested in dim blue h.aze upon
the> liills. and' made the pale sunshine feel
fcoft against the check, the front door of •
Enoch .Weaver's .house stood open, and
liere and there a window was half raised.
Teams-were fastened about the outbuild- *
ings.' and to the yard fence other horses
were tied— tbelr occasional neighs and '
e tarr.pl jigs a break upon the silence. Two
crlrzled siiddieraged men. bent' by heavy \u25a0'
f arfn worifc shook hands with ostentatious'
feoleqinity at the front gate.
"We meet again, Mr. Avery."
* " Yes, » }Sr. Bkrboßjr. •• An* ! th' | last /cad \u25a0'-,
occasion -was tn' funeral of old Mrs.* Tib- ,^
bits/! ~{/;J^'>^i '. \u25a0 '-! ' . \u25a0 • -. '
Mr. Batb'iyur, who had the • depressed
face of one given to seelns the pesslmls- ,
Uc fide of life, sighed deeply— not that ;
351r5. -' m Tibblts ' had ' been even an ' ac
quaintance, but a sigh seemed. appropri- -
ate to the subject under discussion.
c "Wai, Mr. Avery. - we've all got "to
travel th'-same road.".
JHr. Avery stroked his smooth fat chin ,
contemplatively, as If the thought haa
Aevjsr occmTed to him. and he •
xaeant'*tOxglva it due attention.
•*yes. . yee— that's ' co." lie answered.
"Tbaf s bj>, Mr. Barbour. It Is, indeed."
Tie *lepresElon of Mr. Barbour's face .
tlf teJj. ellgktly. It Is pleasant to feel that
one-has spoken to effect. He shook his
head to ffeepen the philosophy of his last
r*E£_'k and said: :
"EnoclTs pretty much broke up over
his loss, I s'pose." ...v^^.vt/ ;\u25a0»
4 "TTaat's what they say." Mr. Avery re
plied, hjirriedly. "WaL I guess I'll be
s;oto* into the house." ,
He passed on and disappeared through \u25a0
the open door.- Mr. Barbour saw a phae
ton not far from the gate and the flutter
cf .alighting skirts. He guessed that his
companion had made has.te to avoid . a
courtesy, and with disgust at such boor
lihness, went to offer, bis own services.
The younger of the two women glanced
around at him.
••Mr. Barbour*!! hitch Dolly an' | blan
ket her, ' ; mother. I'm so_._ clad . that I
shan't have to get hair all over this navy
<fclue skirt. She's shedding' dreadfully, •
and white hair does show so." . _
"S'h" murmured the other. Then, with
a. nod of smiling relief: "Why, Mr. Bar- -
bour! Tes, thanks,, we'll b« glad to have
you 'tend to th* horse. A horse Is a '
bother to women. Isn't it flretful sad
about Mrs. Weaver goln' so sudden? I \
do r pity her husband. Myl what a lot
of 'jeami there are here. I guess It'll
-be a real big funeral. I think a small*
funeral always seems forlorn— es If a
-body hadn't any friends. Bimon' couldn't !
" get away to-day. He's behind with
huskin* an.everything. everything this fall, an' he's .
'sprained .his ankle a little, too. •Ha was
• complainln" this mornln*. about luck, but
"I tolfl him he wasn't. half so bad olt.^is
,vold Enoch Weaver, who hasn't even a
."drkllkjs -Angel here left to him!".
c Mr. Baxboar was not so pessimistic but
o that hje glanced at the comely and still
of "Simon's"- wife. ;
"I ah'd think not." he said. .i/v
Angel -went elowly on ahead, leaving
her mother and Mr. Barbour to follow— .
the £u£>dt4ed sound of \helr voices mean
ingless In her ears. The leaves • rustled •
under her feet, and. she. looked -down at
them Vlth the half consciousness with
which she let her eyes lift to the beauty'
of ll c the haze-wrapped • hills— stretching
away, and away, and away Into the blue
ether. She was thinking rebelliously. how
ehe hated funerals, and how she wished
her mother would have let her stay at
home. And what was there sad about
the death of such an old person as Mrs.
Enoch Weaver? Why— ehe was SO! How
"could one wish to live to be 80? She
tried to Imagine what life would seem
like at SO— and her thoughts trailed into
blankness. for great, indeed. Is the space
between 80 and 19. She had never spoken
to Mrs. Enoch Weaver, but she remem
bered seeing her occasionally— a rather
bent little woman, with white hair and
kindly eyes and cheeks red as a withered
winter apple. Her face had pleased tne
young girl— and yet to be 80! A Concord
buggy with a frisky, sorrel horse - drove
rapidly up to the gate, and Angel, with
a Quick glance at the driver, started for
the open door. Her mother called to her
In a sharp undertone:
"Angelina!" '
She paused obediently, keeping her back
to • the gate. Her mother, leaving Mr.
Barbour to greet the new arrivals as if he
was. master of ceremonies, reached her
side,
"Why, what in th*, world ails you, Ange
lina Briggs? Anybody'd , think you:never'd
been to a. funeral before, an' I took you
three times while you was -a baby In
arms. .Taint a party to go rushln* In like
that,'**: ... , .\ -\u0084.;" ; : . . .
! ."I . didn't : know I was rushing," . Angel
said,- with hushed Indignation and a blush ;
which passed as swiftly as It came.
"Then you'd better know. An' I won't ;
hey yqu answerin' so putcheky. You've •
Lbeen.. putcheky ever/since -th*. „ surprise; ,
-party at th' church last week..,.! , guess ;
-Burprise parties 1 don't agree ->with you.
%Vait— l - want to -sueak to; Mrs. < Wood-A
imansee! How dye do. Mrs. Woodman-^
Bee? Nice day for a funeral, ain't it?
No reason why 'most everybody can't
come— seems though. I see Tom fetched
you." ,
."Yes-s-s," . Mrs. t Woodmansee said
. softly. She was a large woman with a
• purring voice. • "His father couldn't get
away, as he's one o'th* Jurors on that'
case in court to town now. Tom don't
like funerals. But I " made him fetch
me. . How d'ye 40, Angel?".
"Angel- didn't want , to come either, '<
but I Insisted, as Simon couldn't spare
th'"time," Mrs. Briggs said, wonder-;
lngr why the child 1 should blush again J
under Mrs*.- Woodmansee's greeting.'
She' hoped" Angel wasn't . developing
bashfulness at- 19. j
"Dretful sad 'bout Mrs. Weaver,
ain't it r «^X : -;* / ; ;^^T
Mrs. 1 Woodmansee nodded solemnly.,
that It was very sad' Indeed,' and with ;
'an all-over glance which took in'the!'
other's dress from headgear to shoes,
the two women went Into the. house-
Angel following. The sitting-room.and
parlor, squar.e front rooms opening out
of the long, narrow hall, were -filled'
with people sitting in decorous silence;
and the hall was lined with standing
men. The undertaker, waiting upon :
! the lowest stair opposite the open front
door, came forward- with • the suave
manner of his. kind, and carried some
• extra chairs Into the dining-room be- \u25a0.
yond-^-whlch • was 'r already ••••'well;
" crowded. Angel went" on after*' herj
; mother with' a of relief r '" for :
her. glance \u25a0 into ' the .parlor j had ; shown -,
, her a coffln. beside which sat a bent old;
man. • A few.- whispered greetings met*
• them as they took seats. * \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : V;'
"Awful queer 'bout her havln* on her 1
1 weddln* bonnet, aln't'lt?" .whispered ''a
woman next to, Mrs. Briggs. '* ''What?
Hadn't you - heard?' . Yes,^ Enoch , In- 7
. slsted .upon her ,.beinV- laid, out in- her*
weddln'v bunnit: .took on so th' ; under- '
taker Bald they'd let him hey
' his way. His uncle was Jest as odd as :
he could be, 'you" kno w-^-al ways'^wora'
1 two coats, ' th* shortest^ * outside, 'an' .
I when. his. wife* died "he ihungr" himself l
In th' smokehouse ,an'» wasn't t found for:
I three days,- though", they.- hunted- high j
an' low. Salrey Ann Westcott. come '
In to help here after; Mrs. -Weaver died, 4
an* she said if 't wash't : fur 'that bun-t
nit ' th' poor soul -would 1 *a' made" *a^
, beautiful corpse. . "Thet '.looks like she;
, come out o' the ark,. of course." <\ \ •*-.
. "Do tell!"-, Mrs. Briggs gasped back
'. in astonishment,' while Angel listened
nervously,- half fascinated, -.yet-v wlthv a '
feeling of repugnance -to this gossip,
'which trickled on as if tongue of
the whisperer . moved k -. without oon
sciousness from her brain. \ ...
"Enoch ; he said he'd married .. her , In .
thet bunnit,, an* he'd- bury her ln.thet;
bunnit. He said she was. Jest as -much '
his bride now as Bhe'ever: was."
"Do tell!" Mrs., Briggs gasped again.
"Yes., He's teched of course—a-lit
tle teched. . Th' Idea of . beln'* laid out
In a bunnit! .. Who ever, heard? of such 1
a thing? An' don't you think. Enoch,
.declares his wife ain't . dead^-only
sleepln'T Says If th'-mlnister calls her
dead he won't x\ever go Inside a church
again. I pity the minister!"'- :
Just then from the . hall .. sounded ; the :
minister's voice, vibrating with -feeling.
He was new to the place, having occupied
1 the pulpit but six months, and this was.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY CALL. "
the first funeral since his pastorate began.
He was a young man, with ideas which
seemed hardly orthodox! to e'vftn-tenored
country folk; and there were few present
who did not wonder j how, he. could; avoid \
what might, seem like, consciousness^ that:
the' woman beside whom the- old man -
watched, Yas we watch the' sleep of one •
we love, had been' dressed 'for - the grave '
in a way which: exceeded air precedent.
Necks craned, ; ears" strained; curiosity
was- agog to catch ., the words of ; this
stripling, fresh- from divinity school:
"Probably, there is not -one of. you hero
torday. who 'dld'V riot "-/know the; wife; of
Enoch"', Weaver a better than it has been i
my /.privilege' to know hep— you I knew. her.
quiet,'? unobtrusive life, her • kindness as
a neighbor,' her * f althf ulness / as : a help
meet;- you knew : ; how 'dear she-- was to
him who." alone, ~in - old ; age.- sits; - the i
mourner, of \u0084m ourners,"' b eside ; . the one i
whom .sixty years -ago, he, brought ..here i
a bride— and whose face, as. she^ lies' with -
her >llvery - white hair against .the* ; tlme-"
yellowed ' white "• of heir * wedding •:' bonnet, «
Is still • to? him "the/face ?of i the : bride ' so -
many" yesterdays removed. ', To; those "of *\u25a0
us to ;whom : God * has, J given \ the ' blessing •
of good woman's love,^ to those ) of us
to whom, such' blessing? isV yet'* to '!come, •,
It * brings', a feeling Voif r reverence for our /
own— that she 'who'rests in : ; yonder* room •
Is still a bride to/the bridegroqm'of 'sixty ;
years ago— will 'always ,be la/ bride. % Shall \u25a0
we think of her as /dead? L; No— for 'she
sleeps !" "'The ; people r "sat ' stirlessV' expect- *
ant,^strangely moved— yet ; many cf ' them .
hardly comprehendingt-i'Arid las /they '\u25a0 sat \
thus' the v minister's -glrl-wlfe? on 'the' 'hall
stairs, * began to * sinari with' rare tender- «
ness -**• the words 'of 'Mrs.-- -Browning's -
"Sleep." ; '" \u25a0;,'\u25a0' '/ -.-.'\u25a0\u25a0 ";, \u25a0\u25a0'.;\u25a0•.
. .The ' t«nof soprano left behind \u25a0 It a' hush \u25a0
thrilling with Bacrednes's;' the "minister's ;
voice broke 'as ' he said : ; "Let . us pray.". ..
..-.One/ by r one those :• assembled l passedTln ?
single file through ' the * rooms \u25a0 '\u25a0;. to "' look ?
good-by^ at; Enochs Weaver's • bride. Angel
held back until the laat;-not now because :
of her ' usual nervous shrinking, from : look-'
Ing '*. at / Death; \ but j- because? an : eniotton,' ;
against \u25a0 which she t fought' down a • choke \u25a0
In the ' throat,', made ? it >'seenr; like'; pro
fanation; that, any * curious./ gate v should •
fall ? upon the dead \ this /day. >. When ?she^.
wenf^up- -to : ? they coffin, *^ against', which )
Enoch .Weaver rested " the , withered,* trem
ulous hand, of l age, v as ,\ he $ shad. - done
throughout 5, the \ service,'. she ; saw;, framed ;
among./ the/ white ; lilac -blossoms of »/av
time-yellowed . white , silk , bonnet, a I serene \u25a0
old : face /• which \, smiled A the '\u25a0• brl de '-"smile \u25a0
of sixty, years • ago.V She . looked from \ that i
smile ' to : the,', mourner, : and i he, lifting > hia"
eyes as' he had nbtTdorie, while the' others /
filed ] by.^raet; those '.of \u25a0 the" girl— brimming |
with* passionate r sympathy. '- "Oh!" •' she
said '.• sof tly-^-and then. ' she /.was " slip
plng> away ?ln > confusion i at^ her -own" im- '-
pulsiveness, ; f or " she 7 had i bent \u25a0 and kissed f
the.; did »man*s .wrinkled cheekJ- : ; *
:\! The . 'cemetery V was -at -. the < foot of the ,:
hill,'* a* quarterijnlle;" below Enoch c.weav- ; ;
erls ..house', - and \u25a0 nearly / all V- present '. went *
soberly,' downnthe >\u25a0 'grassy £ roadside -bank "
to where V in -. the • small '; burying <;\u25a0 place ? a {
heap \u25a0 of 'freslu earth marked: a, newlyi dug ?
grave ;.£ther hearse,', followed -by. .two v or i
three ;• carriages, i turned ;. in • through ",-\u25a0 the -
iron gates after . the ; people, and ' the bride i
MARY CLARK
HUNTINGTON
lot i sixty,' years^ago'v- was "lowered to" her .
last -resting place. :., Standing: on : the' edge \
\u25a0of I the • crowd .which ; hemmed; in ; the' mm- \u25a0
ister— the-bearers,Nthe ! few;remote"cousins!
who *had 'Joined 'the" little; procession, -and <
"the '"chief jl mourner.' •' who : leaned ,»tremu- J
: lously on : the ? undertaker's '* arm— Angel J
: the i minister * repeating:' "Dust ' to <
1 dust,^ ashes -to f ashes'! ; \ and >: then \ after ; a \
pause, which 'seemed part'of the autumnal <
hush:.: "We spend * our years as.a - talej
•\u25a0thaf'ls,'told.v.-'J^J^fiH^.*. ; \u25a0
y:*The* chief /mourner was led away, \ his!
"dim ; eyes turning ..backward ' to; the ; grave, ]
: and v among r those ;\u25a0 about , him— younger, '
alert; and ;strong-^-he; strong-^-he looked like an au-!
ttnnn leaf that, shaken . from the bough,
was waiting. in sear uselessness the pity
ing shroudal of winter snows. The crowd
firlftad . away by easy : degrees, for the
brief afternoon was already waning, and
further delay meant "chores" by lantern
light. \u25a0 Angel found herself beside the
pp*n \u25a0' grave with \u25a0 only : her mother, Mrs.
woodmansee, and the woman who had
< trhlipered '• about •' the wedding bonnet
i *Tts' enjoyed th' , funeral- so much!
Mistletoe and Pudding
Vs.
Stars and Angels
IN on* of his letters to Charles Eliot
Norton, John Ruskin. commenting on
Charles Dickens' idea of Christmas,
.writes: "Dickens' Christmas meant
mistletoe and pudding— never resur-
t rectlon . from the. dead nor the rising of
I new stars' nor the teaching of wise men
I nor shepherds." Whether all lovers of .
; Dickens wUiyagree with Ruskin or not,
! the point ' ls certainly ' V orth nothing that
lour aiodern Christmas festival is to dan- ,
ger of becoming commercialized. We are
having a glut 'of Christmas bargains,
Christmas- -Issues of ,the magazines,
Christmas., dinners 1 . and- matinees, . to say
nothing about Christmas trees and'pres
ents. .- No v one .who possesses any. measure
of that Important .article known as the
milk of * human , kindness ' finds It in his
heart ! to f rail * sharply >at the world's ap
| pr'opriation of : what'? used to be a dis
tinctively religious ' celebration. \u25a0 but it '
would ;be ; a - pity in "*the midst : of all our
Christmas paraphernalia to lose sight of
the i shepherds and . the wise' men, v the.,
stars . and : the . shining cohort of angels.
\u25a0 Fortunately. ". the ; children— bless their s
hearts'.— will not*; let', go of the; mystery •
side of "Christmas, and so long as they
Inhabit our modern ~ world we ' shall have
to tell 'to their eager ears over and over
again .the dear 'old tale In' some one of
its numerous .'versions,* how:
y "One night l^when" stars; were, shining, j
; i cii an/I*, shepherds ; their" sheep,
;'» A 'mother.^ laid /her. baby
: . Where the .oxen- sleep.
"Mary was that mother,
'.\u25a0;'• Christ " ; that baby, fair;
; * Angels " sang in gladness
\u25a0 Because Uhe> Lord 'was ' there." _
- *'bh, ' let Vthe i children believe that
stuff,". you say; with 1 a toss of"Tyaur head,
as if a * man'; of : your mature years and
scientific: knowledge had. long ago out
grown" a belief .in :suchf notions. Ab,^my
friend, as the , artist. .Turner, said to v the
woman who told him she did not see any
thing In his pictures, ''Madam,
don*fyou-;wishyou,dld?". 'Andidbn't you,
Mr.",Wlseman,~ down ."deep in ; your heart,
wish" you could, believe, as the children do.
that ' some things actually hap
pened 'on rthe Bethlehem : plains 1300 years
ago? -Is It not possible that you are over
wise In your own conceit," as you rule out
of a universe that "God ' has - made every
thing ; unusual, -everything supernatural,
as you think you can reduce to a basis
'JLln't you. Mrs. BrlffX3? \ It pund o3
reel welL Mr. Bennett, thft undtrtaker t
does know, how to masaga things. But t
b'Uev« people would V crisd mow it
they'd known what was comin\ W» wm
all so took up with wonderln' what th' 1 ,:
minister* would say that there wasn't *
hardly a tear shed. It didn't seem right.
An' th* minister's wife ought to 'a* chos«
a more lamentln* hymn. Why. deitU
wasn't nothln' at all th* way she sung."
Angel flashed a quivering f ac» upon th«
speaker. *
"What th% minister's wifa sung was
beautiful! beautiful!"
The critic stared, startled at such ven«
mence.
**Mebb« *t was," she acquiesced hur
riedly. "But it does seem as If th* min
ister ought to 'a* preached a reel sermon.
telUn' about her many virtues. That's
th' way, things was done when I was
young. An* If th' person was deservln',
like Mrs. Enoch Weaver, they was al
ways spoke of as lookin' down on. us
t rqm heaven. I sh'd think seen a dis
course would *a" been more •difyin' an*
soothln* to poor old Enoch than an that
hifalutln* talk. But th* minister was reel
smart to get to as he did about th'
bunnit, an* she. "poor creetur! looked a
pretty corpse in spite of havtn' It on.
However, it's a pity nobody dared take
It oft before folks ««e her."
"It Isn't elth«r!" Angel flashed again.
"Angelina!" But the maternal warning
was given with an unusual degree of gen-,
tleness.
Mrs. Woodmansee spoke In her purring
-voice. \u25a0
"S'posln* we women go an' see th new
"xnonyment Deacon Babbit has put up to
th 1 lower end of th* cem'try. Angel, if
Tom sh'd fetch th' team before I get .
around, tell him I shan't be long."
She moved ponderously away— her pur
ring voice wafted softly back to the girl.
who stood, flushed and silent, looking
after the three figures until they were
lost to sight behind the white stones on
the slope of the cemetery hllL The waters
of -the little pond beyond the cemetery
Elope gleamed blue; a light wind rustled
some crlso leaves at her feet; the
branches of a near hackmatack • treo
sighed lispingly— like waves upon a beach.
Absorbed In thought as she was. tho
blending of sound covered a step behind
her— but a shadow eionga^lng m the
westering sun suddenly fell past her tnto
the open grave. With a start! she turned
from the blue pond waters to meet tha
young fellow behind her. "Oh, Tom!"
Hla frank face was working with emo
tion.
"I saw you when you— kissed him! No
body else would have thought to do It,
I'm sorry I got mad at nothing th' even-
Ing of th' surprise party. AngeL"
v >:"Oh«~/r©mL"" \u25a0 '..••\u25a0
* Between the two utterances of his- naraa
was such a gamut of feeling as scales,
from surprise .to joy. Through the In
dian summer mellowness a bluebird, be
lated ,ln Its winter migration, fluted once.
' twice, thrice from the hackmatack tree,
and flew away toward the foliage-denud
ed, haze-covered hlUa. warbling melodi
ously of spring! spring! spring!— tfte
spring which beat In the- hearts of two
who kissed beside an open grave, with
Autumn and Age and Death forgotten. •
It was Angel, who, remembering. Said
with a choke in her throat
" "I'm glad she was buried fn her wed
ding bonnet, Tom."
Angel had learned now how «n© might
wish to live to ba SO. T»t » wan
far away! Tom did not answer, for. look-
Ing radiantly Into her eyes, ha saw mir
rored, as It were, her own face, sweet
and blushing and alive— framed In a wed
ding bonnet!
of Inexorable law and hard, cold facts
all that mankind has for centuries hoped
for. believed in, lived by and died by?
Do you think that there Is nothing In the
world besides what your eye can see. your
hands touch, your mlcroscopa ' and tele
' scope reveal, your dissecting knlf a dis
cover? You are wrong. Thla la a world
In which "mystery, idealism, the Mpra
natural.' If not the supernatural, play an
immense part. And Christmas Is the time
to become like little chldren once more,
teachable, reverent, responsive to tho ap
proaches from above. As Longfellow puts
It in hla sweet poem to a little boy:
"Listen to voices to th« upp«r air.
Lose not thy simple faith In mysteries."
4 Yes, something happened back there
In Judea nineteen centuries ago. some- ¥
thing- In regard to which, perhaps, we ,
cannot give an absolutely exact, de
tailed account such as a modern his
torian .or shorthand reporter would
hay« furnished had he been there, but
something really happened out of the
\u25a0ordinary and the angelic chorus and tha
traveling magi and the wondering
shepherds, and the little cradle hewn
out of the rock In a wayside resting
-place all figured In that ev«nt Just
how, who needs to know down to the last
detail of historic accuracy?
The thing. that happened was some
thing big with blessing for mankind.
' Nothing had before happened in the life
of the ' old. weary -world that began to
» hold i so . much of promise for troubled,
sorrowing, slnt-ns humanity. Tha gos
pel of Christmas is the news of a.glor
ious event which might wall hava caused
the heavens to break forth in song and
have set the wisest men of the time to
pondering on th« • mystery and what It
foreshadowed.
God coming ' near to men. not only
coming near, but actually taking up hla
dwelling, in them. This Is the heart of
the even t\ we celebrate. He who boM3
the stars ; In h*a hanu, and guides the
movements of nature, or nations and of
• Individuals, he who dwells to the lofty
1 Vices has focused himself, hla power
and his grace In one life of consummate
beauty. end holiness, and that life began,
as every human life begins. In . a moth
er's arms. But the glory of the Lord
was there In the Bethlehem stable, an^-i
Christmas lives to the hearts of mankln^
and becomc3 every year a sweeter, dea^"
er fesi.val .n pr »ion as we catch a
glimpse of that divine glory, and let Its
benediction rest upon us.
THE SXRBOS'Sunday
Call
Women's and
Children's Section*I|OT often Is It given to San
f\ I Francisco to act as host of one
1 .y' who but for a. turn of for
.\»* • tune's wheel might have owned
half the land on which the
town is built ,_
Such a guest is with us now, how
ever, in the person- of Julio M. Llm
antour ot Mexico.
€ Hi* is a pleasure trip, he tells me,
taken for the benefit of two young
sons who accompany him and who had
not before been in this part of the
United States.
But the/ know the country, yes, in
deed, and intimately, for, as the
ytfunger says, with a comprehensive
gesture, they "have had a lot of trouble
with California."
It It has been your good fortune to
live In this city by the sea for the last
half century, or your pleasure to delve
into the history of the State, you know
of the Llmantour claim.
It dates back to the- early day when
men made tain by:
"The rood old rule, the simple plan «
that they should take who have the
power-Bed they should keep who can."
In its practical operation this "sim
ple plan" laid up many an intricate
problem In land titles for the courts
of a. later period to solve.
cAccordlnr to papers filed before the
Board of Land Commissioners In 1853,
Captain Joseph Ives Llmantour. citi
zen of Trance, had supplied the Mexi
can army bo acceptably with money
and munitions of war that Manuel
Mlcheltorena, Governor of the Cali
fornia*, In token of his Government's
cppVeciation. granted him about half
of tJifs peninsula, together with . the
« Farallon Islands, Alcatraz and Yerba
• Buena.
Truly a grant of kingly munificence
even so long ago as 1843. and by the
time It was sought to be enforced ten
years later Its value had increased a
thousand fold, so that the finding of
.the United States District Court that
the claim. v.as not satisfactorily authen
ticated lost to Captain Limantour and
his descendants a goodly heritage.
• And this is v.-hat the boy mean*
when he says, with a wide sweep of
his .arm, "We have had much trouble
with California."
His father, son of the original claim
ant, neds his acquiescence, adding:
"Eiit that wes long ago and needs not
now tie mentioned."
Plainly he is not going to para
phrase the Selkirk soliloquy by re
minding himself he might be monarch
of all be surveys if his right there'd
I been none to dispute. He has promi
nent place in the industrial upbuilding
of Mexico (being interested In mines,
railways and agriculture) even as his
brother Jose, the present Minister of
Finance, is a leading figure in the
country's civic regeneration, and new
duties born of ever new occasions
probably leave small room for regrets.
"When Americans inquire about
Mexico they always mean business,"
says Mr. Limantour, unconscious of the
idiom, "and," he continues, "never Avere
there such splendid opportunities as
now. Great improvements are planned
or under way and all lines of trade are
prospering. Some American merchants 1
have not won success in my country
because they want to get rich quick.
When they find it a slow, steady pro
cess there as everywhere, they get dis
couraged and quit " But when dealers
have understood Mexico and the peo
ple they have made more money than
they could ' In the same way in the
same time In the United States, bo I
think.
"Mexico has suffered much in your
esteem because many of your citizens
have lost money in mines or planta
tions there. But is that Mexico's
fault? I have seen plans and charts
of mines that never existed, descrip
tions of places that never were. Whefti
Americans put money Into such busi
ness of course it la gone, but we should
not be blamed. The promoters, are
rarely or never my countrymen.
"If the projects are honest and the
investors careful there will be profits
for all! ''\u25a0:•>
"In all the great railroads or canals
or wharves built our Government is
directly Interested and the American
engineers who have done some of our
best work could not ask more favorable
conditions."
"The Tehuantepeo Railroad?" I In
quire.
"What a splenu.~ thing is will be
when the terminal harbors are com
pleted! At Salina Cruz," on the Pacific,
the Government is really constructing
a port. Two great breakwaters are*
built In such a way that an entrance
of about 1000 feet Is left between the
points. This gateway admits to an
outer harbor In which vessels; may lie
to unload in fair weather. At the back
of this outer harbor Is the great sea
wall, twenty feet wide on top, on which
will run trains to carry the freight to
the city proper and to connect with the •
regular line across the isthmus
"In this sea wall there 'is an opening
only 300 fee"t wide so that the inner
basin thus made Is perfectly sheltered I
and vessels there 'anchored will be al
ways safe. • - '
"Besides all this, the low swamp :
lands along the shore .are being
dredged out and filled in so the place:
will be free from fevers.
"At first it was thought ten millions
would complete the harbor, but novrthe
Government plans to devote about"
THE NEW OLD MEXICO
eighteen million dollars to the Improve
merits , ' - • \ * *
"All steamships in the Pacific: Coast
trade regularly visit Salina Cruz, but V
when the' port is finished this business !
will greatly increase. For 1906 250,000
tons of sugar from the Hawaiian Isl
ands are already contracted for trans-,
portation over the Tehuantepec Rail- ,
road.
"Coatzacoalcos, which means Tempi*,
of the Snake, the Atlantic harbor for
the road, is also being improved .under
Government direction, and soon It will
be possible for vessels to discharge
their "cargoes directly on the wharves
Instead of transferring to lighters." ,
"Why Temple of the Snake?" I ask.
"The natives had there a great
temple* to their deity, and when the
Spanish came they tore It down and
used the material In building a fort'
Long afterward the fort " was likewise
demolished and its stones were used In
the houses for the workmen' engaged'
in building the railway."
I "So those rocks know all" of Mexico's
history from the earliest day?"
"Yes, but .we can't learn It from
them. One of our most Interesting
ports is Manzanillo, . on the Pacific, If
its history is considered.*; 'It Is about
600 miles south of Mazatlan and 'lies
due west of Mexico City. , Four hun
dred years ago the great Spanish gal
leons'entered and left this .harbor in
their explorations and trading: expedi
tions and many a great. battle has been
fought In the waters near there be
tween the regular sailors and the
pirates who sought to secure the car
goes of heavy/ silver., coins ;that .were ;
being sent back ? to - Spain. ;\u25a0 -*; ? , . ,'
"It was in^tho mountains Aback "of"
, Manzanillo 'that the great explorer &nd' f -
Governor, Alvarado, met „- death ;\u25a0 by£ »
fall from \k narrowband dangerous, trail. ;-
There is ' no ; limit ' to the "exciting : *6c*J '
currences of which UVlanzanillo has been
r'the scene- in:- the past V. <
! • ."Now, ' it, too; Is . feeling the . touch of
new 'life. \u25a0 'Colonel ;Sraoot,^a^San ;Fran
cisco engineer, has'charge\bf 'plansitor
building v'^aV sea, wall and ; breakwat-jr
to ; make this a largo , and safe "\u25a0 harbori
fcirjall Bhips of the \ and, as • the -
town will; be the ; ; terminus 'for
the first transcontinental*; railroad : 'ever ;
. completed Mn Mexico, r will be 1 of great
Importance. ""*' * ..L
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY:
By Mable Beeson.
Long ago a narrow gauge railway
was" built . from ' Manzanillo to Colima.
It was 'to, be 'the". first.. section of n
transcontinental line/ but' the \u25a0 'money
gave _but • and only this piece was fin-*
lshed. .So, because thwe' was no- rail
way from eastward, | travelers
had to walk or. ride oh burros the sixty,
miles .from' that city "to • Tuxpan, where
theyJ could* take the Mexican Central
trains. *-. \ •'..'• \u25a0 ' ';'•..\u25a0 '_' .
'.'Many times it was intended to connect
Tuxpan and j Colima and thus complete
.the -line, i but the s difficulties were ,' too
great, andUsojthe old Spanish road , re
mained the only route over, the distance.
"Now. the railroad Is being built, and in
its forty^five-mile length— for it is' shorter
;than< tbe;old .trail— there will be , thirteen
tunnels, and twelve bridges," from' which
you may, know , the character •of the coun
try there. .An American engineer is doing
this big, work after many others caid it
was impossible.' : ;
"One of;the surprising results of , the
large contracts for work of this kind ' Is
the ability shown v by the natives— the In
dians. -.Where they are - righ tly maftaged
they have proVed' very capable; and many
of them have; made really fine engineers.
"All ,' these Improvements Mexico - is
maklr.», '. besides -erecting new and splen
did.' pubUn ..V. buildings, 'schools and \ libra
ries In -many cities and planning for th-s
establishment of new industriea. .a* well,
as developing oldYoriVs. 1 Only lately a con
cession was givei\ T." H/ Williams, of your
city for; the building of » great stockyard
and abattoirs Just outside the capital.
'\u25a0You "see, my country had many disr
turbances \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 iip to twenty- five- ! years , ago,
and did not develop as it would if it had
been at peace, but.' under the present
Government all good works are pushed—
nothing is'; too great to be undertaken if,
progress H "demands It." .:'{.'; : ; ..',- ;•'\u25a0'
" Visitors ) to Mexico are much Impressed
with the changes in the American colony
wlthia the Uurt few ywu^" ;
~ r \u25a0'*.'- -- \u25a0:. - • ». ' ' » \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084. -- \u25a0
"It is .wonde/fu!." : Mr. T.lmin»
tour. • "It * used ;to be, the custom' for' •
man to have :'' his business, place and his
residence in the same building, and as the
- houses were usually \u25a0 In solid blocks there
was 1 no : space "''fort grass'- and floVeri^
Often : 'there, were ' gardens-^-patlos— bq»
they ( were Inclosed,' hidden from^th"e r peaNi
plein the'streets. . Only a few_: years ag»
the first boulevard \u25a0system "was* laW- oiit»
with open 'gardens and separate | houses,
and, it was ao much admired that : the
Spanish colon.'af architecture In .residence*
i-1 being rapidly replaced, by the more
modern. . . . . '*' ; '
."Most remarkable is the change In the
American colony, but a similar rebuilding
is going on throughout all the residence
sections. .There . was » something pictur
esque In the old. arrangement, but no one
can regret the Innovation that gives us
better modes of living. There are now
about.' 6000 /Americans In Mexico .' City,
many of whom. have interests there; while
others remain because the life pleases
them.- Surely, it is a delightful place.
' "I havfj been abroad twenty-two times
and have visited almost all the cities of
Kurope, but never have I seen one in
which the police system la so perfect as
ours. At every street crossing stands an
officer, helping people as he may and
ready for call In case of crime. ; At night
it If the same.) As far as we can see up
the street j are the lights": of the police
men's ' lanterns at every corner. If there
is a cry or whistle from any house, imme
diately the police nearest rush to aid and
the robber cannot possibly escape—every
street Is barred against him. Once he Is
captured' he must . stand his punishment;
no policeman for any bribe would ever let
him, go. \u25a0\u25a0 AJI over the city it is safe. *The
polics are like soldiers— they are directly
under. the Government." We have no poli
tics." ; : :.:./ \u25a0'\u25a0 •'...' ','>'"
"But . you aro a ; republic," I exclaim;
"andare not republics built on parties?"
' For » brleX instant I try. to wonder what
- : • -
this good old U. S. A. would be like wtt»
out Its quadrennial experience of belnf
saved from disaster (according to th«
winning party) and more firmly joined t»
Its idols (according to the losers), but Z
give it up. It's past conceiving.
;'. "Mexico is different," says Mr. Limia.
tour, in the tone of one who admit* all
;the virtues of another realm, but sees
his own the bast. "In Mexico there 14
practically but one party." All are united.
President Diaz has just been re-elected
for the fifth time. He Is well beloved.
When he goes about the city he Is unat
tended by soldiers or guards. He walks
or . drives as any citizen might, but on
all" sides the people recognize him and
salute."
"He Is an old man now. Is he not?
And when he lays down the office will
you not bo broken Into parties choosing
his successor?" ,V
"Ah, you should see him!. Seventy-five
years old, but looking not over 60. Ath
letic and vigorous, he is a' young man
still. For the other question. If the Pres
ident should die Vice President Corral
. would serve until Congress could meet
and elect a new President; he would not
finish the unexpired term, as In this
country.* But we have learned so well the
benefits of peace, of. harmony among our
selves—Mexico has proved in the last
twenty-five years of life what wonderful
. progress Is possible when all work to
gether for her advancement— there can
be little danger of a return to an unset
tled condition. A new 'Old Mexico* has
been horn."
"A new Old Mexico, with 'reform" as a
watchword In its city governments," 1
suggest, and Mr. Limantour assents with
a laugh, saying: "Some of the new pro
visions seem strict enough. For exam
ple, riot only Ms It not allowed the audi
ence to smoke in any theater, but the
players on the stage must not -smoke,
either.. If the play requires an actor to
Bmoke a cigarette he must merely pre
tend to do so; in no case shall the cigar
ette be lighted."
To the enthusiastic stage realists who
have given us real water coming from
real pumps, real flowers on real trellises,
real horses and cows and dogs, &od real
everything demanded by the reallstlo
drama. It must appear that Mexico has
taken a long step backward in- prohlbitin*
real smoke, but Mexico is satisfied, and
Mexico's representative continues:
"Not long aso an ' American actor ig
norantly violated this law and at once
the officers stopped the performance un*a
the mistake should be corrected. AnothtF '
time a party of Americana expressed
their approval of some play by wnistllng.
In Mexipo. whistling indicates disapproval
and it is classed as disorderly conduct,
which the police do not allow. So when
these men clapped their hands and
whistled over a certain scene, the police
immediately arrested them all. It was
soon explained, but they found Other
ways of showing their enjoyment of the
acting. One whistles only at bull fights.
"But a new law that is .cry sood
though strict la that which compels all
Improper characters to remain away from
public gatherings and from the principal
thoroughfares. The result fs that you
know. In any theater or hall, that th*
audiences are respectable people. All per
sons known to tho police as offenders
against society ar» barfed.'*
, A'new'Okl Mexico, indeed!
On Its stone- r>aved roads, over which
have passed In turn Aztec, Span hh and
Mexican pack trains, carrying in painful
slowness the rich products of the mines
whose wealth has seemed Inexhaustible
whirrs now the automobile, monument to
the Ingenuity of the ultra- twentieth cen
tury. The quiet waters of Its tropic rivers
are stirred, with swiftly coving gasoline
and electric launches.
In agricultural pursuits new methods
have been very generally adopted and
one of the very imoorrant items In a
summary of our shipments to the repub
lic of the south is that of farm machin
ery.
Manufacturing Is receiving Increased at
tention and great cotton mills, employ
ing hundreds of men and boys, are al
ready turninc out a large part of the
cotton fabric Mexico has bought from. us
and from Enslar.J la times past. >
' Governmental and financial methods
have felt the all-powerful touch of new
life, and all the natural and re J
sources of the nation are be.ns developed
in a way that is probably without a par
allel in the nation's history.
every year that passes inev
our Interests becomes closer.THE UMBRELLA THAT MADE HISTORY
cV \t -v ITU Us rods covered as the
Y/\ J " a J r they were joined togetn-
Yyr * cr » Jls bJue si »3t covering ua
\ ' . Impaired by age and its
c tar*-od. l)ol:e handled shining as bright
•y as if it hud just passed out of the
haii»2s of Us maker, an old umbrella, an
umbrella that figured prominently la
.one of the most important events la
Oalirornia's early history, has Just
come intp the possession of the State's
authorities and will soon find a place
among the Interesting relics of pioneer
days in the historic old Sutter fort.
near Sacramento.
It is ah umbrella whose history is close
ly associated with the admission of Cal
ifornia Into the Union. Within the fold*
of Its silken "canopy were stored the of
ficial documents proclaiming: California's
f statehood, during their transmission from
Washington to San Francisco by way of
Panama, in IS3O. and since then the um
brella has been carefully guarded as a
cherished relic by Mrs. M. H. Hensley
of San Jose, who, as a member of the
Bi fl well party, bore the welcome news
of C&il'ornla's good fortune to Baa Fran
cisco and participated In the Joyous cele
bration that followed.
Fifty-five years have passed since the
Eteanie* Oregon hove In sight of a look
out, stationed on top of Telegraph Hill,
and signaled to him the anxiously waited
jjiews cf California's admission. It is a
long time ago, but the incident of the
morning of October IS, ISSO, is still fresh
in the memory of the California pioneer
as Is also the celebration, eleven days
later, when the populace of San Fran
cisco, then numbering about 25,000, amidst
wild excitement, paraded the streets of
this city and with the- booming of can
non, the waving 1 cf flags and vociferous
ehouting, hailed the new born State.
Mrs. Hensley ha« lived beyond the ex
citing period In San Francisco's history,
when she was a belle of the promising
metropolis of tha Golden "West. She is
.now passing Into her seventy-fifth year
an<3 has begun to realize that her long
and happy life is slowly closing. It was
.this fact that suggested to her the idea
, of presenting to the State the relic that
has been so dear to her. If her plans
had been carried out as she had arranged
tlicm she would have made the presenta
lien to the .California Commission to the
Lewis' and>*Clark Exposition on the oc
*casic:i* cf the celebration of California
day, but. although in Oregon, on a visit
to relatives,, she was unable to attend
Wie exposition on that day.
JThe fact that the umbrella was in her
charge came to the knowledge of Corn
'• missioncr Filcher and his associates
' fee veral flags' later, and with a view of
cSjfiJrming. the interesting story related
lo the/ii regarding the history of the relic
( thgy arranged a pilgrimage to the out
> skirts of Oregon City, where, in the home
of Miss L-juise Holmes, a daughter of
c »ne of the earliest pioneers of Oregon,
they men Mrs. Hensley and received from
"bef the Jjlue silk umbrella. Mrs. Hensley,
, etill bright In mind, despite her advanced
.5 tars,- grew^ reminiscent on that day and
Utcalled many of the exciting events of
early Sin Francisco, and in a womanly '
wry recited her story of how she had
fce<x>rae connected with the incidents lead
rhg up to*. the admission of California to
"tfte Union.*
. Mrs. Herfsley is the daughter of the late
E % C. Croeby, who came to California in
18<S. HB was .a prominen.t participant In
the affairs of San Francisco at that time,
vad later his 'services as a loyal citizen
to the Union won him special rccognl
>tlcn froxn President Lincoln, who ap-
k p6lnted him United States Minister to
Guatemala, a position be held for a num
,ber of years.- Crosby, on coming to Cal
ifornia, had left his wife and only daugh
ter behind in New York, with the under
standing that they should follow him to
°6an Francisco later, in the event that
fortune cmiled upon him.
It was shortly after his ventures hero
MARGARET E. SANGSTER'S TALKS TO GIRLS
(Copyright, 11)05, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
TeemsT ©eems too bad that young girls ai
J schoo!, whose duty and privllegeMt
I should be to enjoy perfect health,
should ever suffer irum the fiendish
torture* of an aching head. I have
had no personal experience of the kind,
never having known the misery of a
headache In all my life. But I have seen
g*rls and women in the clutches of the
malignant demon, who fastens his fangs
In the nerve-centers and racks the brain
until the victim is almost exhausted.
1 once said to a girl friend: "Tell me,
Blanche, what is the worst thing about
a headache?" She answered: "It is all
worst. There is the boring of a cork
screw, the grinding of a coffee mill, the
creaking of a buzz-saw and the pound-
Ing of a triphammer, all combined, when
I have one of my headaches. It is a day
coming on in which I am wretched, it has
a day of endurance when I am more
dead than alive, and it has a third day
wiiou it is going off."
Poor child! I did not wonder that such
an iniliciiuii laid v.-ame her life. Prob
£>*>!*• few people lii.v« this extreme of
distressing iigJny in the lar too common
ailment, a headache. LJut thoutrujnis of
women begin thoir initiation in nic mala
dy when ~ r <s about 11, and they
never get rid of it until life ends.
The oirtlyight of a schoolgirl is un
broken health. If you are 111 in any way
there is a cause tor it. Somebody has
blundered; either your mother, your
gyjtnd^nother or yourself must be to
blame. If the fault lay with your an
cestors and they have bequeathed you a
legacy, of 111 h>aith, your task to over
come it will l«? a little harder than If
you feave* inherited what I may call the
Jjabit of being well. Still, one cannot lay
the imputation of mistake, or the respon-
Eibility for illness wholly on anybody else,
because health and sickness are very
lajgely in our own hands. Nature makes
us keep away from pain and anguish and
(Writable nerves and the handicaps .that
Jfcne from being only half welL We dis
o6ey nature, and let me add. we disobey
divine providence, too, and then we pious
ly 0 inquire why we are so often 111.
• • •
When a girl has persistent headaches
and can assign no reason for them, she
had been crowred with success that Cal
fornia was urging Congress tq^ admit her
into the Union. A bill to recognize her as
a State was being bitterly opposed in
Washington, where the feeling -between
the pro-slavery faction and the abolition
ists was most pronounced, and, realizing
the need of a representation of forceful
men at the national capital to further the
interests of the ambitious State, a dele
gation, among whom was the late Gen
eral Bidwell, was chosen to proceed to
the East and make a fight for California's
admission.
Just prior to his departure. General
Bid well was approached by Crosby with
a recuest that he meet his wife and
daughter in New York and arrange for
their long trip to San Francisco. This.
General Bidwell did when he reached the
East, and having fulfilled this mission he
and his associates proceeded on to Wash
ington, where they entered into the- fight
for the California statehood bill, which,
at that time, had received some very dis
couraging blows from the slave Stata
representatives in Congress, and had been
practically pigeonholed by the Senate,
where the bitterest of opposition to its
adoption had been shown. The Califor
nians were deeply dismayed by the situa
tion, and finally decided to return to San
Francisco to await a better opportunity
to press their claim.
Returning to New York General Bid
well visited Mrs. Crosby and her daugh
ter to advise them of his early departure
for the West. During the conversation
the general referred to the poor chances
of California receivirfg favorable recogni
tion from the Thirty-first Congress, and
incidentally remarked that one of the
strongest opponents to the measure in the
Senate was supposed to be Senator Sew
ard of New York, the former Governor of
that State.
With Seward's opposition to the bill Gen
eral Bidwell expressed the belief that it
could not be passed until a new Congress
had convened. Mrs. Crosby, suddenly ad-
should visit an oculist. A great many
headaches come from strabismus, or un
equal sight. If the nerves of the eyes
are strained there is almost certainly the
probability that headache will follow. I
have known headaches entirely vanqui.sh
eU by the simple recourse to a doctor
who prescribed, the proper glasses. No
girl shcuid ever run any risk by selecting
her own lens in such a case. A visit to a
trustworthy specialist is Indisptnsable
and will save time, money and strength
In the end, for here a headache 13 mere
ly a warning signal of danger.
A headache often springs from a dis
ordered stomach. The fatal habit, of
munching and nibbling between meals,
or the appetite for rich pastry too free
ly indulged, or the pcnchanU for candy,
that bane o£ schoolgirl existence, ' may
account for th« rebellious stomach.
When the stomach goes on a strike there
quickly follows the nightmare known as
sick headache. If- girls would carefully
limit their eating of candies and sweet
meats to a somewhat meager dessert,
after a meal of plain food, these dainties
would do them little harm. But there
arc girls who fairly gormandize on bon
bons and sweets. I could tell you tales
uf girls with pasty, salraw complexions
and red, angry looking pimples and very
cross dispositions, entirely due in my'
opinion to their excessive eating of can
dy and other confectionery. In its place,
pure candy injures no one. but it was
never meant to be a steady diet. It is
rather by the way of being a sort of
reward of merit and a crown to a little
feast. The trouble Is that over-eating
of sweets surfeits appetite. and then one
does not care for roast . beef and mutton
chops and rice pudding and baked apples
and other admirable articles of food,
which give one good red blood, and. build
one up in wholesome vigor.
If your mother has been wise she has
not permitted her schoolgirl daughter "to
taste either coffee or tea during her child
hood. These beverages should be the sole
consolation of grown-up people, who may
be supposed to understand the uses of a
stimulant. A growing gk- should not
drink a* cup ;of \u25a0 coffee . or a cup of - tea
under any : circumstances. If she . wants
a warm drink for breakfast on a cold
morning, let it be either cocoa or hot
vancing toward General Bidwell, asked,
as a peculiar smile illuminated her f ea- '
tures:/
"Yoji don't mean, general, that your
fears for the bill center around any pos
sible action on the part of Senator. Sew
ard?"
"Yes, madam," responded the general,
"and If I could be assured of the friend
ship of the Senator from your. State, I
would feel certain that our bill would be
passed before the close of the-present ses
sion." k
Mrs.. Crosby and Senator: Seward had
been schoolmates, and had grown up as
neighbors in the name towni and she felt
milk, both of which are nutritious and
innocuous. If you wish \u25a0 to keep bright
eyes and red cheeks and to . feel buoy
ant and well, Jet tea and coffee alone
until you are long past school days. But
drink an abundance of cold water.
A fruitful cause of headaches is con
stipation. Unless the physical system
be regular and the body periodically re
lieved of rubbish. and debris, no one can
hope to be well. Girls sometimes neglect
this important rule of nature, particu
larly If they are away I from home, or if
they have not established . in themselves
a definite and inflexible , order about the
matter. One can never neglect the pe
riodicity of nature, A girl who would be
boiu beautiful and well must attend to
the necessary drainage of the body, In its
every form.
Another caution may be pardoned
by the ambitious girl , who goes to school
who wants to keep up with her classes/
and , who Jongs -to . take ', a high . rank in
the studies she prefers. Do not work too
late at night. The beauty sleep cornea bo
fore midnight. Do your studying, so far
as you can, by daylight \lf •: you s must
work at night," do co in a room where
you can be quiet and where you hay* th»
bright light of -a •well-filled -lampw -; it- ?./.;'
Do not .wear tight oorseU Hay* yocv
clothing loose and let; Its weight hang- \u25a0:
from the shoulder and not from the hips,
A headache may be due to pressure vpom
the' lungs. and the abdomen of a corset
that is mistakenly supposed to Insure a
good figure;. •« . • : \u25a0'- • r•"
'. I wish, I could persuade/every/ gbi ,la
the land to, revere the : house in whleh
she llves^ The body, is the soul's . house.
Bod y and soul are strangely united. ; If
we abuse the body we suffer , pain; if w»
treat it with i fairness and give it freedom,
if- we feel • for It the "reverence we should,
; we go = through nic cneerrully,' equal (to
;the day's work. ; The j t oundatlon ' f oovar v a
healthful, happy life- is laid in youth. >You
are building for "to r morrow.; -In many
cases a " headache '\u25a0 is '-. more ' than ' a blun
der; it ls^ a sin. There are no^ doubt
tiroes when, this language Is I too strong!
to fit ; the occasion, but \u25a0 taking the great
host of .schoolgirls: "as ; they r ; are they
have no ; need to be nervous, ' irritable ; or
In any way depressed by. arlv ohv«lcal
THE' i SAN FRANCISCO GALL:
distress whatever. If will obey the
laws' , of," health" they /will , be well: •' ; My
last word' about ' headaches ' is, don't have
them, 'j' •\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0-'-\u25a0; '.\u25a0"•\u25a0'• '• \u25a0':- * : \u25a0'-'"\u25a0'' :-;:"-',...-\u25a0'
* < • . . •
What was that .you said, Dorothyf
Am I' sure that I "heard Vyoii- aright?
"Are ' you' really; afraid ;of . a little ' gray
mouse> that; you ' could hold in
hand, that scuttles away from you in Ur-
WHHliiWlHtßr^y^* Ka^iiff :: BfftßM
ror and that, measured by Inches, is less
formidable', than a. rabbit or a squirrel?
Yes.fyou owhlt without a blush. You
really^ are afraid; of ; a mouse. So are
Frances, Jane and ever so many others
of your ; friends.:,' i.J\ >.',, /. '''\u25a0'( w \ .<\u25a0
v"A; marked aversion to the entire family,
of rodents; is ' a pronounced . feature of
most women whether, they are little or
large. The little woman of ten screams at
the 'sight: of .a* mouse', and so does her
older sister, and very -likely- her- mother
and; her.: grandmother.* are \u25a0' equally as
alarmed at the appearance of this small
monster,, which is indeed, a beast of. prey,
but such a wee .bit. of a beast, not in the
least.like.alibh or a tiger, a panther or a
wolf. , " Probably .'. tha ' dislike to mice la
natural with ;'. most, of \us for ' the very
\u25a0rood* reason that *a • mouse In the pantry
makes- disagreeable depredations, : and
apart f romi , the t toll -.he. takes iis anything
but ) clean; that;. a .mouse ;m , the bureau
drawer nibbles S gloves. . and i. eats buttons
'if they ara covered with silk,' and that a
mouse in the bedroom anyway is not Just
the companion one would choose 'at the
midnight hour." ' \u25a0 >-
••, Mice are; pretty little -things* with their
- gray { coats ' and ; : their' bead-like' eyes, but
, they 4 belong >: to the class - of v creatures
which' for, our own : preservation we" must
5 fight. 7 I am , not asking, my. girls to like
them, but -for "pity's sake, .Dorothy, do
.overcome your* terror •• at then- . mention.
'A mouse has never yet been' known to
"devour a schoolgirl. '•' '. \ "
.\u25a0 .. ...\u25a0'•.."\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 >*•\u25a0\u25a0.•> \u25a0';•#«\u25a0>».-•. ; -' i -\u25a0- \u25a0 - -.'\u25a0
•.' I wish I • could .persuade .you not to be
afraid of anything, great 'or small. We
must r take - certain . precautions. ; To walk
up ' as some fearless girls do to a strange
Aom. eattinar I him fon the head ; and try ins
confident that her influence might be ex-"
erted In behalf of California. She so In
iimatcd to General Bidwell and then pro
posed tho t Senator Seward be invited to
her home, as a guest of V farewell dinner
she had arranged prior to her departure \u25a0
to the : West.- =
At . that function Mrs. Crosby quietly
approached the Senator on the California
statehood bill, remarking that , inasmuch
aa.Bha was about to leave for Califor
nia, which w*as to be^her future home,
she would like to see it granted its much
desired position among* the other States
of the Union. Years, bef ore Senator Sew
ard had proposed marriage. to Mrs. Cros
by and had taken his rejectment seri
ously, but as he looked into her; smiling
face on the day of their, final parting he
could not resist her importunities in a
good cause. ''•'\u0084
. History : tells the rest; of . how Senator
Beward announced on- tha Senate floor
his , sympathy for Calif ornlans and ex
pressed the hope that his colleagues
would admit the State unconditionally
and ; at once. In that notable discussion
the pro-slavery exponents had ' concen
trated their' strength in an effort to de
feat this bill. 'and brilliant oratory flowed
from the mouths of some of the most dls.
tlngulshed statesmen the country has had.
Days of struggling between the oppos
ing factions In the Senate ended In a vic
tory for California, and on September 9.
1850, President Fillmore affixed his signa
ture to California's statehood charter.
A few days afterward saw the Califor
nia party. Including Mrs! Crosby and her
daughter, departing from New York on
their way to the Isthmus, exuberant with
Joy over the success -of their mission to
Washington. Prior to leaving New York
General Bidwell had suggested to Mrs.
Crosby and hec. daughter the advisabil
ity of securing heavier clothing In antici
pation of the rainy weather they were
likely to encounter on the isthmus trip,
and with that good judgment that women
generally show in preparing for a long
trip the Crosbys had purchased two um
brellas, little imagining the Importance
that "was to be later attached to one of
them.
.Immediately after their embarkation
General BidwelL had turned over to Mrs.
Crosby the various official documents re
lating to California's statehood that had
been received by him in Washington.- be
lieving "that .the precious ' papers would be
In .safer, keeping In Mrs. Crosby's hands
tha n . In those of "other members of the
party. In turn the papers were handed
over to the charge of Miss Crosby by her
mother and remained in her custody until
they were finally placed In the hands of
the Federal officials in this city a month
later.
Night after night on the way down the
Atlantic coast these papers reposed un
der the pillow of Miss Crosby and dur
ing the day they were as carefully guard.
ed,by her as though they were her per
sonal treasure. When the voyage of
seven days and nights in an open -boat
along the Chagres River was undertaken
and. the heavy rains of the tropics were
encountered, Miss Crosby bravely sacri
ficed her. own comfort to shield the pa
pers from the wet by secreting them in
the folds of her silk umbrella, which
was never raised to shelter her head from
the downpour. In this strange receptacle
the papers remained during the tedious
ride on mule back across the isthmus
to Panama, where the Californlans board,
ed the steamer Oregon for San Francisco.
On the vpyage up the coast the Call
fornlans agreed that the honor of being
the first to land from the steamer and
to transfer the valuable papers to the
proper authorities rightfully belonged
to Miss Crosby as a reward for her
faithful care of the documents. The
ship was made spank and clean and, at
the last moment, lavishly dressed with
all her gayly colored bunting prepara
tory to entering the Golden Gate, be
yond which thousands of anxious peo
ple were dally turning their eyes to
ward the summit of Telegraph Hill in
tha hope of seeing the signal that had
been - agreed upon.
- «On October 13 their long nourished
to be friends with him without being
sure that their acq-aaintance is desired.
is sometimes dangerous and always a
risk. arc the dearest friends we
have in the brute creation. They are
loyal to their masters and they some
times seem endowed with almost human
intelligence. * But }hey are very much
like men and women. They'-prefer to
choose their friends, and they may re
sent approaches from- people who have
not • been properly introduced. Never
feel or show apprehension when ycu meet
a dog that Is quietly going about its own
affairs,' but do not be familiar with dog
•or cat or other domestic animal until
you have a right to do so because you
have entered the circle of its friends.
. A . girl who .is afraid of any animal,
from a cow in the pasture to a mouse In
the wall, carries? about with her a need
less' handicap. We should go about the
world bravely and . fearlessly. I have
seen a lady in a drawing-room make a
spectacle cf herself In the 'presence of a
group of very - brilliant and distinguished
people because she was afraid of a cat.
In. walked Muff, the splendid Angora,'
that was the : pet of the hostess, and up
on a ; sofa with a^shriek and a scream
and a 'clutching* and gathering of her
skirts jumped a lady who should have
known better "than- to behave In that
fashion under - the rpof of a friend.
One rule -we -may as well as not lay
down for ourselves, girls, and that is a
rule of self-control. . One may be a little
frightened: inside, "but 'she does not need
to proclaim it. Because we- happen # to
dislike" bats, beetles, J June bugs, dragon
flies, \u25a0; or, any.; other members of the world
of creeping and flying things that scurry
out of space. to disturb us, we need not
communicate ; our : feeling to others. If
we choose we "may control all expression
"of dislike, dismay or dread. We may
sometimes \ feel s afraid, but we may keep
ourselves from • showing it.
All through our lives we should try
not to "be :in bondage to any form of
fear.' Some girls cannot bear pain. They
distress : themselves ; more in ; the thought
of what ; they i may have to suffer from
a slight ; operation or an injury than the
pain -. itself would amount to. " In other
words, "they suffer more from fright than
''"from 'reality.'- Once' in aw hile one meets
'a--' girl -almost grown-up who is; afraid
: the dark. I hope this is not the
hope was realized, when the lookout on
the hill signaled the approach of the
Oregon, and a few minutes ' later con
veyed the Information .that General
Bidwell and his party were returning
with good news. There could be only
one bit of good news for those in San
Francisco, and that was that California
had been granted by Congress her
statehood. In ten minutes' time the
rapidly growing city was in a state of
great excitement, which increased as
the -Oregon, with her guns loudly
booming, steamed up the harbor *vnd
anchored off the main portion of San
Francisco.
Thousands of people greeted the first
boat par^y to land, and the connrma
tion of the news that California had
rinally been admitted to tha Union as a
State was a signal for renewed bursts
of enthusiasm. Business came to a
standstill and the populace save way to
its Joyous feelings and continued the
Impromptu celebration into the night.
Meanwhile, arrangements had been
made for a formal celebration on Octo
ber 29, when a parade through the
principal -streets by all the publics
bodies was followed by a gathering on
the N plaza, where the Supreme Court
Justice. Nathaniel Bennett, delivered an
oration and other exercises were per
formed. In the evening; the city waa
again a scene of excitement. The more
fashionable people attended a grand
ball, others congregated In the public
resorts and cheered and drank to the
success of the new State, and thou
sands paraded up and down the main
thoroughfares and shouted as the skies
were illuminated by the fireworks and
bonfires on Telegraph Hill and Rincon
Point.
It Is little to be wondered that the
woman, now in her seventy-fifth year,
can so clearly remember the incidents
of that notable occasion, for she was
a prominent figure in them. But great
er good fortune was In store for the
then pretty Miss Crosby. It was not
long after that she became the wife
of Major S. Jay Hensley, who had
journeyed to California in the early
40's. He participated In the Bear Flas
affair and was afterward stationed at
Sutter Fort, when John Marshall took
from the sluices at Sutter Mill the first
gold found, in California. It is an old
story of t«e historians how Marshall
sent the gold to Sutter Fort to be test
ed by a young army officer who en
joyed a fair knowledge of chemistry,
and that the latter pronounced the
nuggets to be pure gold. That young
officer was Major Hensley. who secured
a portion of the newly discovered gold,
which later formed the wedding ring
placed on the finger of his bride.
The ring Is still worn by Mrs.
Hensley and on the occasion of her re
cent meeting with Mr. Filcher In Ore
gon she proudly exhibited it to him
and related the story connected with
it. ; The* Interesting tradition attached
to It prompted the suggestion by Mr.
Filcher that Mr 3. Hensley provide a
codicil to her will bequeathing the
ring to California with the understand
ing that It be placed among the relics
in old Sutter Fort. This she promised
to do, and expressed her pleasure at
the thought that the rins will event
ually return to a place with which her
husband's name is so closely associated,
in history.
Before the gold ring is given a place*
among the rapidly accumulating 1 relics
In Sutter Fort the old silken umbrella,
which la now in the custody of Mr.
Fllcher at the Palace Hotel, will hava
been sent to the 'fort accompanied by
a statement of Its interesting history
that is now being prepared by Its tem
porary custodian. It will also receive
a deserved mention In the report of the
California Commission to the Lewis
and Clark Exposition. A block of
wood from the old fort was recently
obtained by Mr. Fllcher and out of thia
It Is proposed to construct a suitable
case for the umbrella, to which the
latter will be consigned for future
preservation.
case with Dorothy, or any of her
ir.ends. The fear of the dark is
a tyranny which assails children who
have been wickedly alarmed by nur3ea
or unscrupulous persona and who fancy
that dangers of every kind lurk behind
the friendly curtain of the "night. But
our Heavenly Father sends this kind
darkness so that we may sleep and rest
and there is nothing in it to give any on»
the slightest fear. The stars are its
lamp 3 und the moon at the full floods
it with a glory as great as that of tho
sun. While we sleep our God watches
above us and his arc ; are our guards.
Another thing almost as foolish as tha
fear of the mouse la the feaj seme peo
ple have of taking different diseases. In
case of an epidemic such as diphtheria,
typhoid fever or cholera, too "many.pre
cautions fcannct bo taken, and if one's
duty is not on the scene of action it is
well to go to a safer place. \
*But no one should be a coward. If
diseases are about there is no reason to
suppose that you who are in good health
will necessarily take them. To be con
stantly distressed lest one day or an
other you or I shall be menaced by scar
let fever, or smallpox, is very, needless
and quite unfits us for doing our dally
, work.
This courage that I have been talking
about thus far is purely physical. I
would not like any girl for whom I cared
to be afraid to cross the continent or tha
ocean because something might happen
on the rail or on the sea. The shlD is
the captain's business and" the railway
train i 3 in charge of the conductor and
engineer. You may be reasonably sure
that the average man will fulfill the re
quirements of his position and ycu as a
passenger ; have nothing to do except to
enjoy yourself. This, too, belongs largely
to the realm of physical courage.
Now^l want ' to speak about a higher
kind of courage. There are brave peo
ple who never shrink from danger that
menaces the body, but who are moral
cowards. They are afraid to speak the
truth If the truth will injure themselves.
They are afraid to endure anxiety about
their loved ones. They hide from their
own eyes things they do not want to
see.. Whatever else . one may be, on*
should try very hard to be morally brare^
.At any cost, be true and noble. Let ma
quote for you Charles Klngsley*3 ' stanza
which every girl should know by heart:
B« eond. street maid, and let who will b*
clever. .
Do noble things, not driam them all Cay
Ion::
And no make life, love and the gnat for
ever
Ob* gnnd. aweet •oa*. *THE WELL GROOMED WOMAN
To Be Admired
Coming and
Going
Don't Forget
the Value
of the
Double Mirror.
*T*"f YOUNG business man selected as
f I the bridal gift for his pretty
i 1 wife a pair of full length mir-
X" rors. His sister was frankly
c curious about this most unmas
culine -of wedding gifts, and In response
to her Questions, he said:
"1 hate' to see a woman trim and well
" groomed In the front, and a sloven In
the back. It makes me nervous to watch
one of dur stenographers whose skirt
always dips In the back, bo that she
j clcfcns *ud all the filth on the office floor.
Ptikvt ' danced with girls whose faces
re pinked and powdered to perfection.
DUt«the back of their necks would be
a dt-!Sratp chocolate shade Jay comparl
• etn. And I have danced With another
I 1I 1 "who wore a real lace thingumbob
r .the front of her low-neck waist,
le*her satin skirt sagged an Inch be
. tHa waist band in the back. I mean
Give my wife every chance to look
well in the back as Bhe does In the
jfc ;Sf mlrrcrs will help her. And 1
"t mind giving you the tip that many
nan's proposal has halted at Bight
i gaping vent in the back of a skirt
a* bent and crooked safety pin. show
b*e!o # w a feather bolt."
t»e double or triple mirror is a truth
cr whose offices well-growned women
act afford to scorn. The anger tips
QJd* Father Time leave their marks
the back, while the careless woman
iks complacently that her face is as
=h and young looking as it was five
rg back— or further, if she be of a
\u25a0 -
r.y disposition.
The ingenious woman contrives In
varidus ways to provide a substitute
for the expensive double of triplicate
mirrors, seen In the suit department of
the smart shop. A girl who had to util
ize the back parior ac her bedroom hung
a Ion?, narrow old-fashioned pier mirror
horizontally over the couch on one side
of tUe room, and set her dressing table
Just ppposlte. Surrounded by pictures,
college banners and trinkets, the mirrors
gaye 0 depth to the room, and when the
girl cat at her dressing table, she had
a fine reflected view of her back.
The matron or the single woman who
bas passed thirty Bhould watch the lines
' of hsr back with jealous care. Father
Time stands ready .to touch it at two
points — the waist line and the "mater
nity lump." The latter lies at the base of
the neck, directly over tne protruding
vertebrae. A layer or two of fat at this
cpoJnt adds ten years to a woman's ap
p*aran.oe, as viewed from the rear. Mas
sage will do little cr nothing to reduce
this unsightly hump. Its removal or. bet
e ter stfll. its prevention must be accomp
lished" by careful carriage of the head.
JOever allow the head to bang forward
or let the chin drop on the chest. Hold
th* head up, with the chin rather high,
and look up, not down, even at the price
of being accused of emulating the Gibson,
Hurt and Christy type. When alone ex
aggerate your pc*e until the head is very
feign and the chin pointed upward. This
wfQ not only reduce the flesh on the "ma-
THE TRAGEDY OF TOO MUCH WORK
•"I IS nam* was William Lackpeace
I \ Wor.ka.way and be was deter
1 J mined to write the great Amer
+S lean novel. In vain his friends
endeavored to turn him from bis
fell Intent, but he wouldn't be turned.
Being a good American, he couldn't very
trell be a turner. (The first hundred
people sending a correct solution of this
alleged Joke will be allowed to keep on
living.) The great American novel is
like the American girl or the American
ideal, or the American mule or any
other American product which is sup
posed to be peculiar to the soil and
general environment. Each man has
some particular specimen of the above
mentioned species that strikes him as
being peculiarly and unusually Amer
ican. And they are all right; this is
a fairly good-sired country and is en
titled to more different kinds of the
only genuine native product than some,
little 2x4 kingdom or principality
wbtr* you can't turn a four-horse team
without producing" International com
plications.
ternity' bone," but "will prevent the for-*
rnation of a double chin.
Youthful lines in the back, particularly
at the waist line where the broadening is
first apparent, depend almost entirely
upon good carriage. When the back
broadens the woman may be sure that her
chest is sinking in, and her carriage Is
sloppy. Eetter than an exercise prescribed
for certain hours of the day is the Invari
able habit of standing correctly. This
means that the abdomen must make a
straight line down the front and the hlpa
must protrude at the back. The woman
whose back is broadening will find that
her first efforts to stand correctly will re
sult in a sensation of stiffness in the calf
of the leg, but this will last only a short
time.
The woman \u25a0who studies herself
critically in double or triple/ mirror
will give the same attention to cream
ing and scrubbing the back of her ears
and neck, the way she does to her face.
Before the hair is curled at the base
of the brain and over the ears, tha
neck and ears should be washed thor
oughly with a rough cloth or face
brush, then the skin should be rubbed
with a bit of raw lemon 1"*1 "* and rinsed
off In tepid water. This cleaning
process should be worked into the hair.
At night when the face is massaged
with cold cream, rub It Into the throat
and ears as well. A pink and pearly
ear Is most attractive, and she who
would possess it must be lavish in her
use of cold cream and lemon. The
latter may be rubbed over the top and
behind the ear whenever this organ
The girl who does not marcel or
curl her back • hair should guard
against a fringe of "scolding locks"
around the back of her neck. •} These
troublesome tresses may be kept In
place by brushing them up smoothly
with a brush dipped in a solution of
sugar and water. Dissolve half a tea
spoonful of granulated sugar In a
tumbler of boiling: hot water, dip the
brush in this mixture. It will not
make the hair sticky, but smooth and
satiny. The careful woman wears both
combs and barette if her hair is
But it Is not our intention to wast*
valuable time and high-priced ink in
airing our views about the greatness of
America or the number of Its original
native novels, girls, mules, etc. It is
our purpose, rather, if w* don't forget
it before we get through, to relate the
sad struggle of William Lackpeace
Workaway in his , efforts .to find time
to write the chef d'oeuvre of American
literature. A chef d'oeuvre Is some
thing that you do yourself; if any one
else had done it it would have been
an unspeakable daub, all of which
shows the value of words properly ap
plied.
The chief drawback to th* perform
ance of a great literary feat of the sort
that our friend William 'contemplated Is
the fact that It IS necessary to live while
the stunt Is being done. It's not only a
very natural prejudice in favor of stay-
Ing in a world with which one is meas
urably familiar as long as possible, but
It Is also a neoesiity arising from th*
nature of the case. Dead men tell no
tales, neither do they write any— for
which let us be thankful. It's bad
enough to have so many living men at
it without being forced to . bark from
the tombs the doleful sound of type
writers and fountain pens in full blast
Being confronted with the necessity of
making a little money on the side while
he wooed the muses, William stirred
around and Influenced a weak-minded
newspaper to give him a trial as book
reviewer In ordinary. ,
It was his* idea that rubbing elbows
in this way with. literature right fresh
off the griddle, as It were, he would be
preparing himself for the great work
to which his life was dedicated. He
would also aoQuire a large library,
which he could dispose of at the sec
ond-hand places for about 25 r per cent
of th* ; list prices. Both of these con
summations were devoutly to be
wished, and William set about his ap
pointed task with a light heart, feeling
that he -was " dally drawing ; n ear er to
the realisation of his highest ' hopes. .
: For ; the; next three ! years 1 William re
viewed—we will, not say fread-ran average
of thirteen books per. week.' The subjects
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'SUNDAY' GALL..
KATHERINE
MORTON
ran * c *. **?ni; grave' to gay, ; from "sacred,
to profane, but William was rarely any
thins but profane. No one who has not
tried it can Imagine what a strain on th*
nerves it is ' to work through a pile .of
books composed of, let us My,*- four histor
ical novels by ambitious and surpassingly
beautiful young . ladles, two theological
works by college professors who have Just
heard of Darwin and are in a great hurry
to demolish him, i manual on •:\u25a0. bridge
whist, and sundry works on scientific dis
coveries which : have not been made 'yet,
but would be very successful if some one ;
would only, hit upon them. When a man
has ;\u25a0 tried his : brain at this kind of a
strength test he feels that nothing but a
mental Turkish bath oould make a human
being of him again. :V
As we stated above. William stood It for
three years/ and then he "truck to be
transferred; to ; the ,; city-room. Her didn't
seenv to . be getting in shape' for "his great '
intellectual feat at a particularly rapid
rate and he wasn't : making -so much
money that he would be likely to retire
from active participation in the great .
dressed high. The combs keep th*
waves in place close to the ooiffure.
The barette, which Is . much larger
than last season, holds up the "scold-
Ing locks" . close to the nap* of th*
neck. Barette and oombs should matoh,
work of molding . publlo opinion for at
least seventy or eighty years. To be sur*.
it would be nothing of a descent for a lit
erary aspirant to go out In the street as
a plain, everyday reporter, but he be
thought him of Charles Dickens, Richard
Harding Davis and other great men who
entered literature by the reportorial baok
door, so to speak, and he took heart of
grace. At any rate, he would be getting
nearer to 1 the great heart . of humanity
than ; he .was when ; dallying with a type
writer and a paper cutter! in the official
book reviewer's cubby-hole. # \u25a0
William was dead right about - getting
next to the great heart of humanity. In
fact, he was so impressed with its pulsa
tions that before long he came to the con
clusion that beating Is the principal busi
ness of the human race. He also learned
that reporting prize < fights, interviewing
ward politicians and shady actresses and
working up murder cases were not exactly
csiculated to develop the higher life. His
ideals were being gradually taken : away
from him, although he was unable to see
that they were passing into the possession
and this year they are of tortoise shell,
set with tiny Jewels.
The invisible net is much used, but
it must be adjusted "with "the hand of
an expert, or the coiffure looks like a
wig. It costs not less than twenty
five cents and is easily torn. Infinite
care must also be taken that dandruff
does not attach itself to the fine mesh,
especially when the hair Is dark.
Only very young girls wear ribbons
on the t hair and these must be
Immaculately fresh. Even the slightest
powdering of dandruff on a dark bow
gives the effect of slovenliness.
Women wear ribbon at the nape of the
neck; when riding horseback, but at no
other time.
A drooping collar at the back of the
neck Is most unsightly. No woman
should wear a high collar without some
sort of support, either featherbone or
the new celluloid collar supports, which
look like toothpicks and can be in
serted Instantly into the collar of even
a wash waist. They can be bad for
10 cents a set at any notion counter.
Fancy safety pins or tiny Jeweled
bars have replaced buttons or hooks
for fastening collars in the back, but
they should be used in matching sets
and a larger bar in the same design
should be used for the belt. Three or
four styles of fancy pins down the
back of a costume look most Incon
gruous.
The woman who buys shirt waists
and blouses ready-made should look
carefully to tne rastemngs ir en* gar
ment doses In the baok. It pays to re
work all buttonholes and make them
smaller. The machine-made button
hole Invariably capes. In all aheap
waists work extra buttonholes or add
more hooks and eyes, especially be
tween the shoulder blades, where the
waist is apt to grape in unsightly fash
ion. Shirt waists closing; on the shoul
der and side need additional metalllo
clasps.
The trimming; of the new hat fits
A FABLE FOR THE FOOLISH
NICHOLAS NEMO
of any one else. An Ideal Isn't Ilk* a pen
knife or a pair of kid gloves; when It's
lost It's lost, and thafs all there is to it.
No one makes a rakeoff when an Ideal
disappears from the domicile of Its origi
nal" owner and it Isn't worth while to ad
vertise for it/ -
"About the - time when William discov
ered that he had \u25a0 finally parted company
with his long-cherished Ideal he acquired
a small but eminently desirable compe
tency, left him by a distant relative, who
had suddenly ceased to have any use for
It, having departed for another country,
where debenture bonds and first preferred
stock are non-negotiable. William
mourned his relative for at least fiv*
minutes; he had never seen him, and he
knew that the money had been left to
him only on the ground that he was such
'a; poor Imitation of a man that he would
probably die in the poorhouse If someone
didn't take pity on him.
The first thought that occurred to him
alter he i finished taking stock of his new
possessions was , that •at last he could
'\u25a0turn his attention to his chef d'oeuvre.
snugly to the hair In- the. back. -Wh&a
there is a space between -bandeau "-afid*
hair either fill it in with more trlfci
ming on the hat or adjust tiny loosa
curls made from corablns3 of. your own
hair. These are much used by sn*ertry
colffed women. _
Th© hang and fit of a gown in the back "
depends largely on the garments worn
beneath It. A corset which does not .fit
snugly to the back, but sticks out in bold,
defiant lines is not only ugly, but^ down
right vulgar. Th* woman, who has a ftol
low Just below the waist lln* should* have
a small bustle or ruffle sewed lnt». each,
skirt to soften this unsightly break 'iij
the lines of her back. The petticoat should
be fitted to the figure, and a wad of -gath
ers Just below the waist band should o*
avoided. Over th* hips the petticoats
should be cut out and fitted on bia« or
curved not straight line*. ,'*»\u25a0'
All skirt bands should fit snugly and
the newest way of attaching skirts to
shirt waists is this: A band la* attached
to the blouse showing steel boles elosal7
set. The skirt band la lns*t with eorr*-^
spending, steel hooks. The naif pJacfcse*
fastenings are built on th# •am* design.
The newest walking skirt from bondoa
and Paris show a very slight slevatloa Jn
the back. That is, they are Just a trifle
shorter in the back than in fc*'fX93l
The woman with the broadening tack
should avoid horizontal lines. H*r"b*U«
should be narrow and pointed in tne'bacfc
and her shirt waist yoke* should also
show a pointed* effect. And abort all.
tilings tne stout woman or ta« mra, ta*
tall woman or th» abort, should nsvet
leave her house without taking a ccmyr*
hensive back vlstv of her f 3t-op. This
precaution would save bar many a mo>
ment of embarrassment. Who baa B©t
seen a woman look Into a shop •wts&OTT,
backed by long -wiaAam, miMtmlj fiuso*
then dutch her skirts and dart Into ta*
•tore in search of a dressing-room w^srs
ahe corrects some defect In her dressing
which she should bar* fcuad at bosrw b7
the aid of double mirror* T
/- .*\u25a0\u25a0-* a
Imagine his discomfiture when be learned
that he no longer cared for chefs
d'oeuvre. He had been making cheap
pottery for so long that he couldn't give o
his mind to the manufacture, of v flna°
china and cut glass. The upshot of tha
whole business Is that whenever Ba
feels the need of some steady occupation
Just to keep. the moss from getting too
thick he drifts back into some newspaper \u25a0
office for a few weeks. The great Ameri
can novel Is still unwritten, and will
probably continue in that unsatisfactory
condition to the end of time, at least as
far as William Lacbpeac* Workaway 1*
concerned.
The moral which may be found lurkins °
somewhere In an out-of-the-way corner of
this impressive aggregation of- language
is that an ideal should be caught ycuns
and kept at work steadily; also, thaj"
when a man has been a *ack all his Uf*
he can't make a thoroughbred of Max
self in a minute Just because he doesn't „„
have to do a general trucking business
any longer to kesp himself in fodder.*
(Copyright, 1904, by Albert Britt). • -BRILLIANT FASHIONS FOR 1906
Alice Roosevelt Will Set the
Style for Yoang I.mllrs and
Sir*. John Jacob Astor the
' My! en for Matron* — What
rbcXfw Sleeve* Will Be Like
.\u25a0ml How the "New Skirts
Will !',«• Hade. The Princess
to It<- the Hoard walk Dress
and the Clon the Gown for
the Street — The Xevr Colors
Include Hello. Smoke nrovrn,
I'luiu. lural IMnli and a Xew
Dine.
BY AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
NEW YORK. December 23.
IT has taken ten authoritative Vien
nese dressmakers, ten London tailors
and a whole nation of French dress
makers to prepare the styles for 1900.
The result .Is something startling
even to the world of fashion and to those
accustomed to Its changes.
The part -which America has taken in
the char.ro is on« of much interest, for
It is a part as that cf a epecialist. The
American hatter, the American shirt waist
, tnaker and' • the American bootmaker
stand tisjQue in the world with none
like them. Nineteen hundred and six
Is to be &. year of specialties and the
ftsbiccs are- to be divided.
From Paris • will corns the dress hat*
and the evening gowns.
Vienna- will create the reception gowns
and the dressy little negligees, the 6
o^dock tea gowns and the more elegant
of the modes.
1 Front London will come the tailor
mafias, Ihe smart walking suits, ths
handsosno Scottish plaid tramping dresses,
and the wonderful . tailored resturant
• towns. ' •
' 'Axaeriear.s will lay claim to originating
\u25a0ths pretty shoes, the neat sailor hats with
S their variations and tha shirt waists, all
r etsfctly distinctive, and it also claims the
honor of providing the prettiest girdles in
the world.
London pats in another claim of fashion
by volunteering to furnish the automobile
styles. It stands for the heavy, bulky
coats acd^the great Russian garment
which wrap the automobllist from head
° to foot *
When starting off with the fashions of
1906 one might as well mention the choic
est morsel of news first of aIL And this
iScContained in a paragraph clipped from
a gossipy paper in a corner of the Conti
nent. It runs as followB:
"Fraulein Bertha Krupp will visit
London this spring for a protracted
time, where she will formally make
her o <*ebut in society, chaperoned by a
lady who stands high in court circles.
The c Fraulein will be presented at
court, "and It Is rumored that a wealthy
c International engagement is planned
for her. Fraulein Krupp, who is the
rj chest girl in • the world, having In
herited can" annual Income- from the
Krup? gunmakers of over a million,
is now fully grown and Is as beautiful
« k 'type of German as one would wish,
to see.* She Is of the pure Rhine type
and her favorite colors are white, pur
ple, lavender and hello."
This paragraph, while it might not
mean much to the casual reader, means
a world 'of things to the London tailor,
D for it Big-nines that he- is to have a
large order from the wealthiest girl
In tfie world and that if he executes
hfs commission well other orders will
follow, .for all the world flocks after
a wealthy glrL
B . _ Mica XCropp la Society.
Miss Krupp's spring suit is a tailor-
Tr.afle gown of stunning 1 black broad
cloth, with a high gloss to it It is
made with a wide skirt with tha new
habit back — a revival of the old habit
back — and this skirt Is trimmed with
braid.
The manner of trimming the skirt Is
peculiar. The braid is put on in great
squares around the hips In something
that resembles the Greek key design.
Throughout the braid there runs a lit
tle tracery of hello-colored silk and
there are tiny loops of hello-colored
ribbon at each side of the braid. There
is a very smart hand-embroidered
hello-covered LouLslne- shirt waist cov
ered with hand work and down the
front are tiny purple enamel buttons
painted with violets.
The coat is an Eton, double-breast
ed, pointed in front, trimmed with
hello-colored braid and underneath Is
a very wide girdle elaborately em
broidered. This Is the suit which Is
worn by the greatest heiress In the
world.
One of her smartest spring dresses
will be in pansy-colored canvas, which
is cs thin as voile and looks very.
much like It It is made over a cam
bric skirt of exactly the same color
and under this Is a pansy-colored taf
feta petticoat, all frills. It Is the very,
smart thins; to carry one color
throughout the wardrobe, dressing in
It cfrom the crown of the head right
to the sole of the foot. literally as well
as figuratively.
olt is a fad of Miss Krupp to have
everything to match, and one of her vio
let sets embraces forty articles of wesj>
ing apparel, all In violet and all worn at
the same time. Altogether they made a
lovely costume. One article is a fan and
another Is an embroidered fan ribbon.
Then there are shoes and stockings*
gaiterettes, girdle, reticule, stock, em
broidered veil, etc., with all the large*
things that go to make up a fashionable
costume.*
Moil Fashionable Women tn Society.
"""Who are the most fashionable women
in society?" This Is a question which is
asked very frequently at the beginning
o* the yj-ar, for It is now that the styles
ere formed and It is now that the real
leafier? of fashion step forth in some sort
cf supremacy.
Ju£t«af° the moment the most correct
styles are worn by two leaders, one of
whom IsEingle and the other among the
y matrons.* These two women, widely dif
ferent yet much alike in style, are Mrs.
John Jacob Astor and Miss Alice Roose
velt The former selects her gowns with
i economy. She Is dressed "closely," as
they cay In Paris, but with great ele
gupg*- Shegeta good money value for
her dollar and knows how to buy so as
to bring out the styles well. •
Miss Roosevelt, on the other hand,
dresses mopt extravagantly. A young
woman of large private fortune, and with
another fortune coming to her from her
Boston relatives, she can dress as she
pleases without considering the coat Her
clothes are elegant and refined, but a lit
tle too costly for the average person to
follow. Her fondness . for Alice blue la
very pronounced.
"I would advise you to oopy the' gowns
of Miss Roosevelt," said a modiste. "But
the trouble la their expense. I do not
refer to their flrst cost, but to the cost
of keeping them up.
"Take her light Alice blue cloth dress,
with its hat, its beautiful gloves, Its
gaiter tops and all other things to matoh,
even to Its wrist bag and Its Jewelry.
What other woman could afford It?
"And suppose she could afford It? Sup
pose that by dint of much management
she contrived to get together the gown,
the hat with Its long plume, the hand
embrolflered veil with its little gauze face
veil, the gloves and the girdle, why— what
next? Why, the cleaning, of course.
"Every one knows that these things
coll readily and that they must be fre
quently cleaned, and It is the cleaning:
which costs rood money. To keep suoh
a costume In good condition provided
It be worn as often as three times a
week, means a constant outlay of
money. And that Is why Alice blue
and its friend companion, tan color,
are costly to maintain. It i'a not so.
much the first cost* as the replenish
ing."
A Leader With a Fijjure.
It is said that the Philadelphia wom
an is the only woman in the- world
who can keep her figure. Taught
Quakerish habits in her youth, she
learns how to preserve her shape. Her
waist line does not spread. She has
little of the wide, belted characteristics
of the Gothamlte and*, not even a sea
son of Gotham" feasting plumps her out
Her figure remains 6lim. Mrs. John
Jacob Astor, who was once a Phila
delphia girl, looks trim this season.
The styles are specially built for her;
they are long, slim, trim and "fit."
Her* ar« some of her sjowns: Bh*
wears a dress of black and coral pink,
combined In the most artful ways.
There is very little of the pink, . Just
a touch of It !i ere and there. With this
she -wears coral Jewelry; and the most
beautiful tri-cornered hat,. bent up here
and there and fastened with coral
choux. This is exceedingly * becoming
and what is more: desirable* for a
matron to consider— it Is youthful In
its lines. And youthfulness is \u25a0 the
thing which one would secure nowa-
**xs as 4 \u25a0 tartan to one's shield, par
ticularly If : one) Is no longer a debu
tante, mgpggfflggagmp
;- Another gown worn by this leader of
fashion is a navy' bine ' in the familiar
shade made : famous . the ; world 'over by
Its beauty In the naval "service. \u25a0 Like
the' coats of the offloers, it is made with
brass buttons ", '\u25a0• and a - touoh '.{ of ' r gold
braid, though there Is not quite enough
upon itto ; make it' conspicuous.
? The skirt is plaited all ; tho way down
from the belt to the * hem, and • as : she
THE .FRANCISCO \u25a0 SUNDAY.: GALL*
'walks the petticoat, a plaid silk, be- „
comes I visible. The coat is a blouse,
open all the^way down tho front And
in the front there is set a waistcoat of
cream; colored' flannel beautifully em
broidered iin pale blue. There is a
little hatof blue to go with this very
smart costume.
The ' Colors That Will . Be Wont.
It is Important how to consider the
fashions that are coming in 'and par
ticularly the new" colors. There > fere
tones that are distinctly novel this
spring, though for the most part the
popular ; : tones will rule, the good old
favorites. : -
. ; A" good color for spring yis hello,
which \u25a0is a new name for ; heliotrope.
This and lavender, violet, purple, v
. pansy and 'orchid' purple . make up the
list of distinctly violet hues. They are
all s In L the' violet and" the pansy sjmde.
and there Is a still fainter color, which
is. called violene. It is very delicate,
very light, very pretty and a color
.which, somehow, 'suggests ; scent and
sachet powder. One always fancies it
mingled with the "odors of \ heliotrope. ;.."
"I, am advising everybody >t© "get
plum color," said a modiste just back
from "London, . "particularly ;;, for the
spring tailor-made suit. It is to be the
popnlar'color of spring cmdLt wlliisur
• prise the waiting : wdrld '{ to ! see how
thoroughly the whole ' : universe \u25a0'- will
• blossom out In plum color 1 this spring.
'"Along" {with plum comes the purple
orchid tones ;end* the pink (orchids, and
one '. \u25a0 must Include 1 mauve and' deep* red,
which is almost a plum. We are \u25a0 hav
"ing^ a^ great;" time .this J year with our
, reds, tor they verge into plum, and
our : customers • who f have ordered"; a
garnet ; or a deep ; red are surprised
we show \ them"/ what i" they con
sider ; a; plum color. ." Smoke- brown is
; one of our best; Bhades in cloth. X'
• '-' ••_*\u25a0\u25a0' e'. \u25a0'.'\u25a0\u25a0'", ' -- '
"In reds we are using the old-fash
ioned turkey red not a little for house
gowns. Then we use garnet and crim
son, scarlet and ' magenta. And this
leads us up right "- into the wonderful
realm of . pink, which, ' '.'\u25a0 by ..-* the ' way,
makes up elegantly, with smoke brown.
"Pink Is to be one of the street colors
this spring. And such pink! There
are; old rose, coral pink, shell pink,
/crushed raspberry, and all the soft old
fashioned shades of pink which once
held ' fashionable \u25a0 supremacy.
<r What do I consider the most f ash
lonable tones of pink? Why, I should
select;: salmon '.color and '. also light
color pink. These i two tones are very -
good and particularly, do they go well
with (black. ' You « have no idea , ; ho w
beautifully black . and coral pink can
be made to mix."
'The Real Styles of Spring.
"What win be the street "style ,for'
. spring?": asked one woman of another.
"The styles, say, for the debutantes and
the styles for the^ young matron 7 lam
buying a spring trouseau for myself and
my daughter.^ What; shall it be?"
..In reply } the woman' led her to a win
dow.; whereinwere displayed some gowns
marked "Fashionable Spring;: Costumes."
And this is what she saw: The first gown
\u25a0 was a princess, tight-fitting, setting like
, a mold \u25a0to the back; the , bust, the waist
; and \ the ; hips. '•\u25a0• Below \u25a0it flared wildly and
was finished -with a shorttraln. -/rv ;
V "This," i said .the woman, "Is to Ibe * the
boardwalk gown, the fashionable dress of
'. 1906/ when \u25a0; the summer . styles : come In." \
: Then she ; led , her. to another side of \u25a0 the
same window, and there was a- beautiful
taffeta Eton suit, Just the smartest thing
"one!; could % imagine. iwas a very
-.wide; Dolly/ Varden skirt, shirred around
jl the ) hips \ and ? made ! walkings length,'; with
i two \ tucks I In- the i skirt;;; And • there was
tho neatest of Eton coats,* trimmed with a
; handsome* touch of : braid and embroidery,
and there was a wonderful : girdle, with a
.buckle as wide as the girdle. And reclin
ing; against It > was. a blue silk umbrella
with. a gold handle, and crowning the ele
gantly dressed figure was a very light felt
; hat; with gold quills and; a big. chou of
velvet/This mad©- a handsome spring
- gowiuj£Q9(3jM£pgßSM
", Tho spring i styles show two extremes,
and each Is, in equally good taste. There
; Is the^ princess, which Is always charm-
Ing, and this -: season Is particularly so.
/And there is the , Eton suit, which . is as
\ lovely as ' It be in "its new develop
.; ment, which is tightly fitted, beautifully
trimmed and fully shaped to the shoulder
-and wrist .The sleeves are full.
"What Will the Easter Hat Be t
; , "I know ; lt is coming,"., said a fashion
able woman, "and I know it will be my
\u25a0 undoing— the poke \u25a0\u25a0 hat*
1. It t ls*;a> fact f that; the:hat 0* Easter
threatens to be a poke. .Those who recall
the styles of last summer's millinery will
remember how greatly they differed from
those of previous seasons. The bats were
positively Gothic, so bent wer© they. ao»
twisted, bo turned this way and that way.
and so oddly trimmed. "Women had to =get
used to them after a period of probation.
This spring there will b« another sur
prise In store, for the Easter cat will
be a poke. And what the poke mean* to
the average woman can little- be de
scribed It 1* hideously unbecoming, t? all
except a cherished few. and- these must
be great beauties. .„.*;, ...
"There were few beauties In 1340." jald
a woman, -because tn those day» the big
poke hat waa the thing, and very" few
could wear it. And the same will be true
again. If the poke hat corns* In. It Is
very trying, and there will be Terr few
pretty women who can stand the test
Jt wUI make nearly ail the women look
llks frights."
Yet this la an extreme statement. The
poke bat may be made universally be
coming if treated rightly. Those wao
cannot wear it war back from the face
can wear.lt tipped forward and. to this
way, it is becoming to * great many. It
can be trimmed on top with flowers and
at the side with, feathers, so that it Im not
the hideous thing whioh t fancy paints It
In the minds of many.
The Easter gown may be a princess—
the boardwalk gown— with- this the poks
hat is particularly good. Zt can be in
pink, say, which is tit appropriate for
the poke, and it can be trimmed with
plumes. The boardwalk princess can be
built of the new oanvas, which is glossy
and fine. In color it may be salmon pink
or smoke brown. Both are fashionable.
OTtulas fo» the Boardwalk.
"Things have come to a great pass,"
sighed a mother to her daughter, "wfcsa
we must have boardwalk gowns. There
iwas once a time when we were content
with a few light summer dresses. But
now we must have costumes: for the
South, coatumts for 7t!m Beach, sun par
lor dresses, reception gowns, Canada, 00*
tumes and, last but not least, the boald
walk toilets. What shall we have nsxtf*
"Roof garden dresses, mamma.'* ven
tured the girl.
The mother gasped, **My daughter, I hasl
forgotten. We must have roof garden
dresses. And no wardrobe is complete
without something pretty to light up well
at night under the Chinese lanterns) They
say that dressing is cheaper than It used
to be because silk 1* low«r in price and
velvet is within the reach of every one.
But when I come to count up I find that
it costs as much as ever because of the
variety of dresses one needs."
"But the materials are cheap— and
mostly hand-embroidered," ventured the
daughter.
"True, and this spring there 'win be
more hand embroidery than ever. Per
haps," said the mother, •'when we reckon
upon the ways in which the gowns are
made over, the sleeves puitsd at the
shoulders, cut off at the elbow, trimmed
with odds and ends of la.se ,and with
straps of fur, the cost Is not so very
great after aIL"
The sleeves of the coming winter will
be a sort of leg-o'-mntton. This is de
scribed by a Paris paper as melon
shaped. They will be shaped lust like a
melon at the shoulder, while the cuff will
tapex from, the elbow flown.
The full shoulder wui b« the rule, and
there will be few of the tight-flttlng
sleeves. This is good, as It makes the
shoulders look wider.
Stocks will be fussier than tUey were
last year, and the tiny little ruchings will
be worn a great deal These are narrow
and will be used to complete the-' throat.
One also sees these- tiny ruehings around
the wrist, where they give the needed
finish to the glove.
Shoetops will matcn the gown In every
case.* and when you have your dress mada
you must have a scrap reserved for your
boots. Gloves are made in the same way.
matched from a sample of tho gown. And
with every waist there are two pairs of
gloves, the long or bridge gloves* coming
up above the elbow,' and the wrist gloves.
-The big chiffon muffs will be carried
far into the spring, and the woman with
Bhort sleeves can bury her hands in her
muff to the elbows.FITZ - IN THE HOUR OF HIS DEFEAT
UNDOUBTEDLY "Fitzs heart is
broken." The morning papers
tell me that before — as I find out
later— the blood of the fight has
\u25a0 CeaSe<J t0 fl ° W - c .
11ns. Adams of the Adams House,
who knows more about the sporting
.-:\u25a0-•
fraternity, than any sporting writer
even thinks he knows, tells me so over
the phone when she tells me -Fitz is
still in bed, immured from the public
that is now, no longer his public.
Is she sure, I ask, that he wiA stay
In bed, or In. his room, or in the house
until I can get there?
"Sure! ..-His heart's broken and he
doesn't feel like going out."
Fitz Is In the hands of his masseur
when I *rrive, and he is not. yet "fit
for a lady to see." his manager tells
me. So I wait behind \he desk in the
office with 'Mrs. Adams, preferring her
entertaining company to lonely state
in the parlor, 'and watch the news
"paper men go right up without wait-
Ing for Fitz to be prettied. *
Here my list of People I Have Met is
increased by The' Sulllvans — Twins,
who with professional courtesy solic
itously inquire about Fltz but decTlne
to go up, deciding it would be rather
Indelicate because, they betted against
aim and are some hundreds richer by
his downfall. They murmer in duet,
when they knew I am waiting to see
him. o
'"Sbeart's brokeAk Yea, Fitz's heart's
broken."
His manager conducting me at last*
to the presence prepares me on the way
with "He's feeling terrible, of course;
his heart's broken."
In his room the athletic young men
supporting Fitz with 6ilent sympathy
rise In greeting when I enter and In
response to the formalities of Intro-
duction look sorrowfully at Fitz and
say "His heart's broken."
The lengthy gladiator of a day that
is done, "swathed in- bath., robe and
blanket, the famous toupee carefully
in place notwithstanding the state of
his heart, gives me a big:, hairy hand,
shakes his head sadly, squeezes shut
the little crack of battered eye that the
fight has left open and tells me him
self v.-hen 1 ask him:
"How do you feel?"
"Oh, Gawd! My. 'cart's broke, my
'cart's broke for good this time."
And the elevator boy, fearful lest
the information should have escaped
me, tells me as he lets trie out:. "I guess
it'-s all up with Jilm as a fighter now —
his heart's broken." • •
So, as I said .at the beginning, un
doubtedly Fitz'*s heart is broken. .
It is only by his voice and his man- .
ncr that the bitterness of his grief and*
the depth of . his sorrow are conveyed
to me. . ' .
His face, alas,, is-, temporarily in
capable of expressing the emotions of
the soul, his eyes as mirrors "of it are
in eclipse.
His countenance-^even -/after the
ministrations of the \u25a0 masseur and the
glutting of the leeches— is; a; bruised
and purplish lumpy thing, dimly and
grotesquely featured,, defying- identi
fication by photograph or, Bertillon
system. ' '. .
I see at once why^the roped arena is
forever secure against female invasion. :
Not all the glory and the gain In the
world could compensate] a. woman for
a face like that." 'i ~' ' "r" r
. But Mr. Fitzsimmons ..doesn't , seem
to care. .• . ."• : «... '':'. . -.•
•He does ; not,- Indeed, seem,' to' care
very much" about "anythlrig.'ln particu
lar: ; -....,-\u25a0.. : -- :
. He Is, singularly apathetic < and ab
stracted; Ck~. \u25a0'.",•\u25a0;.::\u25a0 ';-U;
He is not living over 'again the lnci
dentsof .the battle of the night before.
He is not inveighing against fate nor
reviling fortune.
He is Just explaining his defeat In a
colorless voice.
\u25a0 "Oh; I guess I'm too 'old— -I wasn't
'fast' enough.'! '. - ' ' ' '"'" '
>•\u25a0 He is not really, thinking of the fight,
as 1 he pats the Borer' spots of his face
withsoothlngjttngerjtlp; ';)'fy-
He hasn't even read the morning papers
the i san ;franciscq "Sunday;:: call. - ~ ,. .^-.
that , tell the story of his passing aaa
pugilist:- • •i , \u25a0; \u0084 .:i:\ ,
-"What, , I wonder, 4s Mr. .Fitzsimmons 1
thlnklng;of if riot of that vivid scene 'of i
the night before? , \u0084 "._\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084t f . ..'^ ...-."'
. He , tells ; me- that, the' .Mr. /CBrleri
whose Z punch, has r; .punctuated f. his v
• carter; with a , full;' stop r , has ," Just .'
been sitting, in the chair. where I am: that
he. . came, up to /inquire '\u25a0 about; him, Jto
P roff ef his services', arid ,' advice, "arid that
he recornmends'/collodlon-for black eyes.' '
I think" it .is" very '..'hiceTand! polite of ,Mr.
O'Brien,"^ arid Mr. Fitzsimmons : says yes, / '
it is, and that; their .relations are" cordial.' '
'\u25a0 ' E l 3 '4; B°P A fellow, ;\u25a0 all right, \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0} is i
O'Brien",'^ Bays Mr.^FltzsimmoriB.*"an', v of ' ;
; course;. we're friendly.^W'y 'shouldn't; we '
be ?i T FighUrig ; ft \ Just /a = business; " that's -
all it -in. 'There's no need ' for >'ard"feel- '.i
"'ln's. \u25a0;\u25a0 .. \u25a0 .._. ._ ..; »-<. ;;;:-« ;.;.;..-, i ."-. \u25a0\u25a0•.•..-•"\u25a0. ',*'.
:\ "Now, there's Jim Jeffrie»-there'o>,no '.
. \u25a0 *.*-. .7 ' ' ' ' \u25a0 - \u25a0 , • \u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0:
better , fellow , ever walked : than 'Im.
There's ; not a "crooked; bone -In; *is body.
do'ahy one dirtl 'c couldn't!
*E*s as square as they make 'em— l say It.
an"B2 licked ME. " ' " '
"An' ; then- there's,. Corbett— 'Gentleman
Jim!' .: GENTLEMAN Mim. indeed; There
never was , a name a ; greater,, misfit than
that. - Him a gentleman— HlM ! Huh 1"
*Mr/ Fitzsimmons 1 is' not"/ so apathetic
cow. ;."Oh,y; he throws \u25a0 out a hairy, fist in
despair and it" 1 against 'the "wall," "I
.can't \u25a0;thlnk''of i nothinV'mean "enough to
tell j what; T' think of him. -There AIN'T
nothin' mean enough' -that you'canTsay—
before - I ', - r ' V,,/-' ' "\u25a0'
, "But, I'll , say, this . about hlrn^aa a flghU
cr \u25a0 he's . the -' cleverest \u25a0 of them .' all }-l , say
that i because .I'm square. . .You can put
that, doTrn.for.Bob, Fitzsimmons..: : :J^f '•{
"1 \u25a0 give x every i one ' hla { due, 1 ? Just what's
HELEN DARE
" \u25a0 \u25a0 •'\u25a0 \u25a0 : "
comln'.to him. but I don't forget it it
he's done • me any.-jdlrt— never.
-"Say, do you; know iow I came to be
a fighter? Now,; there! s a story for you—
a story,; that ain't never been printed.
."It was havin* dirt, done ; to me that
made me a fighter— that decided my ca
reer.- 'y. ."
"It was in Tlmaru, New Zealand, when
I was a little kid. 11 years old. I remem
ber it Just as well as if it happened last
night— better. • '
"My. mother sent me for a pen'orth of
snuff. It was Just about 5 o'clock— l re
member the kind of day It was, even. I
cut across lots, and in one of the open
lots there was a lot of fellows playing
football, all blgger'n me. an', of course,
I stopped to take it in, boylike.
"The ball was kicked my way, an* I
grabbed it and started, thlnkin' there
\u25a0was my chance to cut In. I'd no sooner
done it than a big fellow— a regular big
slob, I'd know him anywhere If ever I
saw him— smashed me; Just let go of his
fist in my face and smashed me.
"That was the last I knew for three
hours and a half. That's how lons he
put me out for. I know that was the
time, for It was about 5 o'clock when I
started for the snuff, and It was after 8:30
when I got home.
"When I woke up it was dark and cold
and I was all alone in that open lot.
There : wasn't any of them in sight.
They'd all run away and left me.
"' "Well, I cot up and went home, and I
didn't say nothin' about what had hap
pened to me, but I thought a lot about It.
"I. set to work to learn how to box.
Every chance I could get to see how it
was done J'd take. Every new move I'd
see I'd practice.
"I'd go 'round every -now and then- and
look for that big slob. All I was prac
ticing for was just to get him. I wanted
to smash him just once. But Tve never
laid eyes on him from that day to this.
"While I was in New Zealand I had a
good many chances in amateur bouts,
and wherever I went I kept a lookout for
that fellow. I nevtx- was In a crowd but
what I looked for his face, but I never
saw him.
"That's the thing that made a fighter
of me.- Perhapi if that hadn't happened
the world would never have heard of^
Bob Fitzsimmons."
"And what," I want to know, "has Mr.
Fitzsimmons got out of fighting?"
"Nothing," the long, hairy, freckled
arms shoot out of the bath gown sleeves
In a despairing outward wave, "nothing
but getting robbed !
"I've been robbed out of $55,000 In
purses! \u25a0
"I've been robbed out of $300,000 in the
theatrical business!
"I've" —
. Mr. Fitzsimmons' voice dies away
and, his chin sinks upon his breast.
His passion of .protest is over, and ho
is thinking alone and not aloud.
Again I ponder.
•Tve fought 367 fights in my career."
the fighV^fc .lire and fighting pride
.flaming again In his eyes and Cashing
through' the little cracks left by the
blows of defeat, "and I've been beaten
1 only-three -times!
:• more In fighting than the
money!
"Why, I don't, suppose there's a coun
try in the world where Bob Fitzalm
mons isn't known.
"I'd be willing to bet that more peo
ple-have heard of me than of any
other man living.
:"I know I've never . been anywhere
where Bob .Fitzsimmons. wasn't known,
nor" run across anybody who hadn't
heard of me.
"Why,, when Fred Taral— you re
member him as. a ; jockey, don't ,you?—
was training, horses In" Russia he said
the Russians, all sorts of them, would
come up to; him and ask. him if he
knew Bob Fitzsimmons, and want to
know -what Bob Fitzsimmons was like
, —but they didn't know what the name
off the President was.
-' "Let me' tell you" something that hap
penedon a trip from Louisville, where
I had been for_ a boxing match." His
.voice f almost ; escapes from gloom to
cheerfulness now;
, "Going back T to Chicago there f : were .
a lot of us all . together on . the train—
sporting; men, the newspaper men, and
.that sort, all having' a good time. Wo
.were^ tled-up, at ,; some \ place In the
for a. while. .with -the hills run
ning i up. from, the Tlyer. One of the
fellows came in and told us there wrt
a spring of fine water up at the top
of a hill and we went up to get a
drink and look around.
"It was miles from everywhere. a.nd
when we grot to the spring there was
a lout of a boy as green as they come.
"The fellows started joshing him
and Lew Housman began by asking
him:
" •Say. did you ever hear ot Admiral
Deweyr
-•Naw.' V '-C
"•Admiral Sampson?*
" •Naw, never heard of Admiral
Sampson/
-•Did you ever hear of George Wash
ington"?* , ' -ry
•"George Washington? Nawj dont
know who he Is.* .
•"Do you know who the President
of tha United States iaV
-•Naw, don't know who the Presi
dent of the United States is.*
- "Did you ever hear of BooseveltJ*
•"Naw, I ain't never hoard of
Roosevelt.'
" 'Do you know.' Hoainin' WM
thinking hard for another on*, en* hia
eye hit me. "Do you know -who Ftt»«
Simmons Is T
- •Fltzslmmons! Bob Fttasimxaonst
Betcherlife I do. He's a fighter, h» I*.
Heel Heel Heal"
-Now." said Mr.' Fitxslmxnon*. ex
panding his chest, "THAT «h*w«r
We drift, how no one may **-7, *•»
such things find their own current, t»
talk of the Mrs. FltzslmmonJ irh« wma.
6he who was Rose Julian, and wh» had
as much zest in his ring battle* as he
did himself.
"Yes." he say a, with a «lgh «ut el
the very bottom of hi» heart. "I***
there never was a better worn in '-nor
a better wife— on this earth thaaahe
' was."
The sigh was not. Tm sure, for th« #
Mrs. Fitzsimmons who was, but —
I ponder no more.
And what, I want to know. Is Ma
Fitzsimmons going to do now?
"Perhaps." he says, like one repeat*
ing a lesson. "I'll stay on the stage.
Perhaps I'll manage my wife. Tm
having an opera written for her. She
has the finest soprano voice In this
country."
"And." I supplement, "she's very
pretty."
"Yes." he says in that curioas
troubled way that Is his on this aft
ernoon, "sha is."
He' does not. It seems to my unsat
isfied expectation, act the part of a*
man on w^hom a blow has fallen, but
rather of one expecting a blow.
The next morning It has fallen.
I am at the Alhambra to see. ' Mr.
Fitzsimmons rehearsed — as I suppose.
He meets me with" that bis welcom
ing right that will swing no -more
swings and cut no more uppercuts to
glory.
He tells me no more press agent
stories and tries on me no more mono
logue samples. > \
"Oh, Gawd," he says huskily, with
his back to the players on the bare
stage, "my 'cart's broke all right this
morning. There's not a sadder man in
San Francisco than I am. .I've lost —
I've lost more than a fight."
"If I could do it I'd go East on the
first train and see for myself.
'"Ere I am, tied up to THI3 when
I'd give my. "cad to be able to gat
away."
He is talking to himself as much
as to me, and pulling the champion
(5000 French poodle's tufts of whiskers
until the poodle protests with a soft
little whine. Then he makes amends
by patting his head and smoothing his
ears.
"No, it's not the losing of tha fight
that 'urts, and It's not business. TL'% — \u25a0 '•'
He doesn't say what It is and he
doesn't need to, of course.
What it is is a week-old story now.
But the rehearsal of "A Fight fo*
Liove" must go on, ever* over broken
hearts, and It Is Fitz who rehearses
the actors, and not. as I thought, .the
other way round.
'"Ere." he says, "that's not the way
to do that. Don't laugh. Do It this
way. Go up like this," be hunches
a shoulder, projects his chin and swag
gers, "and say it like this: • :
"•But If you TROW me after it's
done It's yours next! Do you under
stand DAT? YOURS next!"
It is a lesson In acting to young Mr.
Berger who takes his acting friv
olously.
'"Ere," calls Mr. Fitzsimmons as the
real actors troop off helter skelter —
"'Ere. don't you KNOW — ladles flrsV
" "Remember you ara safe so lon* as
there Is ladles present' — that's the cue.
and there you go, but let the LADY
go first. 'Ow the well, 'ow would it
look if you didn't?"
However lightly, however frivolous
ly tho others, the real actors, may take
"A Fight for Love." Mr. Fitzsimmons
sees no frivolity in It.
\u25a0 It is Fitz as he^ s'ee3 himself and
nothing could exceed the courtliness
\u25a0with which he rehearses the lines:
. "Allow me. Miss Ellington, to pre
sent you this New horse shoe as a
souvenir of our meeting."
Nothing, unless it is the fervor with
which ho clasps the leading lady to his
ample . chest — after transferring -her
from the wrong arm to- the right for
the sake of the picture — and exclaims:
"HOW could I lose, Vivian, when It
was a fight for love!" \u25a0*
I don't know how It Is at other re
hearsals, but on this morning the love
scenes hold an added Interest for Fits,
poor F,ltz, who, one of hts friends
whispers to me, "Is as affectionate as
a dog." and they hold an added pathos
for -the lookers-on who already more
than suspect why there Is suoh fervor
and such passion in the delivery of his
lines. Fltz is finding an outlet.
• . • KHkaBK? JSff * ImMH
As I run down the steps of the
Alhambra I bump into a. friend, of
Fitz's. running up, who has heard of
the unhappiness of a beaten man be
fore the papers havo it.
"Say." he says in the enthusiasm of
his youth, "say," he says scattering 4
logic i and relation to tho winds, :."she"d
never have , done this if she'd been a
man, would she? She'd never have
thrown him when he was down V
And I am Inclined- to agree withPARIS, Dec 2.
PARTS has taken to wreaths—veri
table Napoleon -wreaths. Several
very fashionable women have re
cently appeared so crowned at the
opera and state balls. The fashion is
bat a natural outcome of the Empire
craze, which has been growing ever
sine* the autumn arrival of Empire
coats.
Of course, olive leaves are first favor
ites, most of them Just touched with
gold or silver or made of pailletted
gauze. Fortunately, there are variations,
since this particular wreath is too try
ing to be worn indiscriminately. Fern
leaves dusted with gold or silver make
a wreath becoming to both blondes and
brunettes. Roses, forget-me-nots and
other tiny flowers are brought into rlay,
always with a suggestion of the long
Empire shape.
The wreaths are made on a tiny wire
frame (which should match your hair in
color) about a half inch wide in front,
eloping to a loop at the end. This makes
it fit comfortably, and, too, permits the
leaves or flowers to be fastened in place
without too much heavy overlapping.
The conventional Empire lines should
be followed as nearly as possible, but
innumerable imperceptible changes may
be made to suit various lines of face
and head.
The high coiffure, which fills up the
crown with curls and puffs, is most
fashionable. Beautifully undulated waves
follow lines pointing in a puff over the
forehead and waving downward toward
the back. One woman with a pure Greek
profile appeared with her parted black
hair coiled in a classic knot, crowned
with silver like a goddess. E. D.
The Hard Uphill Climb of the Woman Writer
Some Advice to the Beginner in This Profession
By Cynthia Westerner Alden
Copyrljrht. 1903. by A. S. Barnes & Co.
SALARIES of newspaper women dif
fer with different localities and
the character of the newspaper
concerned; and personality is every
thing in the getting of news. Until ex
perience has done its perfect work, no
young woman can expect to earn more
than the average salary of a reporter,
say $15 or $25 a week. This is, in New
York city, only a little less than men
are receiving for the same work. In
some Western cities, I understand, the
rates are slightly higher. I know of
one woman in Denver, Col., who receives
$30 a week for reporting.
Let me warn the aspirant against
philosophy and fine writing. No matter
how clever a woman may be, there is
Uttle chance that she will be able to rival
lx>ck*», or Bacon, or La Rochefoucauld,
or Montaigne, or Benjamin Franklin, at
first. If she trios to deal with generali
ties and write glittering introduction?,
her copy will be cut to pieces unmerci
fully, because her remarks are likely to
be either all wrong or all stale. The
living, breathing world is intolerant of
upstarts and imitators. The living,
breathing story of what has happened
is demanded from her pen. That is tho
\u25a0 news. That is the new thing. As for
style, the shortest words, the shortest
sentences, the clearest forms of expres
sion are best. Addison is obsolete, and
Kipling is the best model, if a model
the woman journalist must have. Frank
ly speaking, I would prefer to try a girl
who has no model ; she is far more likely
to render her writing intelligible within
a brief period of training
Qualifications. .
The country girl should not come to
Xew York with the intention of making
«.a living in journalism without enough
moßey to make her safe from privation
for six months. As for other qualifica
tions. I shall try to enumerate them as
briefly as possible.
First— & good, common-school educa-
Baby's Teething Time and Creeping Period
Keep on the Safe Side on the Question of Food
:J%yVr. E-indyn L. Coolidge
O<?p>'riß!iC 1905." by A. S. Barnes & Co. "
THE° average baby 8 months' old will
, Usually have cut his two lower
central teeth, which' are called
"the loVer central incisors." At
anytime from the eighth to the twelfth
snenth.the <our upper middle teeth, or
"tipper incisors," may be expected, so
that by t^ienime the baby is J year old
ie will usuairy have .six "teeth.
Many mothers ask i c f they may allow
i teething tfaby to suck ice.. The cold
icss_ of thence Is no doubt very graie
'ul to the "hot Sind swollen Uttle gums,
md if comparatively pure ice can be
>btained ft 4s .a good plan to let the
>aby have a occasionally. In win
,er water c&rube boiled, cooled and put
>ut -of doot&°4n -a. cohered, vessel to
reeze, and 50 be really pure for. the
<aby's use. The mother should wrap a
mall piece In * a napkin, * leaving out
he end that the baby is to suck, then
he should hold it and gently rub It on
he gums whiJs «t£e .bahy has it partly
n his mouth.' • * s
Often an active, healthy baby -of 8
nonths will attenapt to creep a little on
he floor or la his ''pen." This* Is good
Perhaps the prettiest wfeaths^are those riot made
of foliage at all, but of net sewed. on_ a frame
work shaped like leaves. All' around' the edge are
sewed paillettes, with- a cluster of them just at
rtbe base of each leaf. The effect of the sparkle
is heightened by the delicate foundation. \
tion. If the aspirant has broader culture
than such an education implies, so much
the better. She cannot possibly know too
much. But English grammar and spell
ing are indispensable' acquirements if
tolerable manuscript is to be produced.
.Second— A legible hand. If a woman
can use a typewriting machine, there
will be many occasions when she can
make her manuscript better by so doing;
but often the use of such a machine •rfiil
be absolutely impracticable.
Third — The manners of a woman of
good society. I do not refer to Society
with a big "S." That is another thing.
The manners of the best people in Osh
kosh, or Spring Valley, or Cripple Greek
are good enough. But coarseness is un
pardonable in a woman who. is going out
every day to talk with womanly women
in the necessary collection of news.
Equipped with these qualifications,
freed from nervousness by the fact that
she la temporarily provided for. the
young woman will find it worth her
while to study newspapers before she
goes into a newspaper office. She should
learn what sorts of matter are printed
every morning and ask herself whether,
in the same fields, there is not some un
printed story that she knows or can
lind out about. If there is. let her write
it up. With this article she may go to
any office .and ask for the city editor or
the editor of the woman's department.
She will equally avoid coquettlshness
and constraint. She will say: "I am Miss
Brown, of Stamford. I have come to
New York to learn to be a reporter. I
want a chance to learn. Please look over
this story and see if It Is worth using,
and give me an assignment to try me.
I am ready to do any work you can put
me to."
The editor will say "yes" or "no." If
he says "no," she must try another of
fice in the same way. She must not.
feel personally hurt or aggrieved, if
work is not immediately forthcoming.
It Is not Miss Brown, of Stamford, who
has been rejected. It is an inexperienced
applicant for work. If she persists in
her study of newspapers and her at-
exercise, and should be allowed if the
baby does It of his own accord, but do
not urge him to do so; he knows better
than his mother when his little limbs
are strong enough tor sucn exercise.
Creeping is ruinous to white dresses,
petticoats and stockings; therefore many
mothers make "creeping aprons" for
their babies to use while on the floor.
These aprons are made of fine gingham,
ana may be put on over the dress or
'worn without -one in very hot weather.
They are usually made to button ali tho
way down the back, and sometimes have
an clastic or drawstring run into the
hem at the bottom of the apron, so that
the white skirts may be kept clean.
One mother of twin babies, who found
It necessary to economize in the matter
of washing, made for her children some
creeping trousers. In summer they were
made'of thin gingham, and in winter of
outing flannel. They were cut after the
pattern of ordinary worsted leggings,
coming all the way down to the ankles
and having broad elastic to go over the
feet and prevent the leggings from clip
ping up. They were made quite full and
long enough to tie under the armpits.
The little white dresses were, then
smoothly tucked in and the babies al
lowed to tumble about to their hearts'
PRACTICAL AID AND PICTORIAL
DIVERSION FOR WOMEN
tempts at news storiesir*«he will succeed
sooner or later in getting a trial. What
then?
She mast put her' work ahead. of all
social engagements/^ She must- be al-,
ways on hand. The bird' which Is watch-*
ing when the worm crawls out' into the
sunlight is the bird -that gets, fed: 'lf
getting a story makes '.work after mid
night necessary,; she v must work .after
midnight without murmuring. She must
dispense with the idea that it -is dig
nified to do one thing and undignified
to do another. All ar« parts of the same
whole. She must not give to her rrijeals
precedence over; her/work; yet she must
«at with regularity, if" fhe
would • preserve her health, and -without
health good work is impossible.. She
must dress for all weathers. ' She v must~
always remember that -it .is her a paper
and not herself that is, snubhed when
any cne refuses her news. Shi must
feel herself just one finger of a giant—
the press of America. She must' get rid
of thj theory that a woman ; _may not
safely go Into the streets of a city with
out an escort after dark. If she be
haves herself, she is in no more danger
than is her brother. Site must put 1 truth
above everything else, . and avoid'; the
fallacy that imagination can be made to
take the place of industry. f
A Good Living the Result."
If any young. woman of ordinary sense
will pay attention to all these points,
she can make a good living as a re
porter. .She wills find that the range of
her understanding and her sympathies
is being increased with every month of
her work. She will be \u25a0 studying, not
Hawthorne, or Hardy, or Howells, but
the raw material of the novelist Her
dally experience . will be a continuous
education for the field of .legitimate fic
tion. Humor and pathos will be enter-
Ing into her -daily life in a way that
would be otherwise impossible. If. she
has talent or genius or executive abil
ity her future is secure. Meanwhile her
daily bread is provided for. What more
could be asked of any vocation In life?
content,' without fear or soiling their
clothes. . ;
Some mothers ; seem to tnink • that as
soon as the baby has any. teeth it is
time to : give him solid food. They, w-ill
give the baby "just . a taste" of bread,
cake and, worst' of all. potato. Now po
tato contains go. much starch that it Is
very difficult for a baby's stomach to
digest, and it should not be given until
the baby, is at the very least 2 years old.
Gruels, broths and milk are quite enough
for a baby. until ho is a year, old.
Convulsions are often; caused by al
lowing the baby to have* "just a: little"
of food from the table. It Ls much bet
ter to keep on the safe side and give the
baby only what is especially" prepared
for him and suitable to his special. needs.
An 8-month-old baby will usually be
able to take a formula composed of :
Six ounces of top milk, skimmed; from
the top of a quart bottle of milk, sev
enteen ounces of milk poured off, twen
ty-one ounces of. gruel, | seven -;teaspoon
fuls of milk sugar or, four of granulated.
a pinch of bicarbonate of soda, . and a
pinch of salt. This should be bottled
and pasteurized, as usual, i and givemto
the baby every . three hours up ; to 10 <P.
M-. giving six and a half to seven and a
half ounces at each meal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Introductions and Points of Etiquette
What to Say When You Bring persons Together
By" Eleanor; B. Clapp' ,-
Copyright, 190 S. by A.", S. Barnes & Co.
IN MAKING an introduction, tlie gen
tleman -is presented: to the
lady, : and \u25a0 when there is a .wide 'dif
'terencemintage,"-the; younger,' lady to
the olde>.*;lt is sufficient simply to men
tion the two names, as "Mrs. Brown, Mr.
Gray," but rather more dignified and el
egant to say, "Mrs. Brown, allow me to
introduce (or "to present") Mr. Gray."
When 1 people are Introduced to each
other,; the most graceful thing to Ido is
for'eaclf to make a. slight bow and pro
nounce the other's name. It is perfectly
good . form, however, to say, \u25a0-, "How do
you do, Mr. Gray?" or "Mrs. Brown?"
if one prefers to do so; but it is in real
ity - rather * meaningless, \u25a0 as naturally
one cannot be greatly .concerned about
the' health t of -a. new. acquaintance.
Whenever . L hear people- do this on first
being introduced, iit always makes me
think involuntarily of. .the story of the
old Irishwoman who met a friend one
day. "Good morning. Mrs. O'Brien,"
said she. "How do you do?-; Not 'that I
care , a darn, • lnit just for the sake of
conversation." Another conventional re
ply to an introduction is. "I am .happy
to ..meet 'you,"; or "Delighted to; meet
you." This is used rather more by
men than by women; but it Is good form
for either scx^-- •
A daughter or a son should always In
troduce young people to the mother or
father by- saying, : "Mother, this is Miss
Mary White," . or "Father, let me intro
duce Mr. Smith;" .;..;\u25a0\u25a0 > • "
'\u25a0 Little 'points of etiquette are often
more puzzJlng than the really Important
ones, for -the simple reason that most
of us 'have thought a great deal about
the former, and the latter have never
Substitute for Christmas Cards
SO: MANY .attractive, sensible little
things are; shown in the shops
- which cost no more : than' the
.- Christmas cards that flood the
mails .every, year that- a lot of people
are giving them this year as substitutes.'
A stamp box is one, of these wee giftt.
—too insignificant ~ from , the " standpoint
of price * to be called ta 1 present,^ yet hav
ing ;a . characteristic style, : and \u25a0a . use,
which, after all, is the important- thing.
It is ; ; made of teakwood, : lnlaKl with
other woods.' r colored to < : . represent \u25a0 flow
ers; or.' butterflies, ; or; perhaps,,/.aide
mure ' little \u25a0 lady \u25a0in \u25a0 a scarlet \u25a0 kimono; by
way, of .'decoration:'; Yet,' - in' spite of, the
fact that the figures are inlaid,* and that
the boxes come all the . way f rpm Japan.
occurredHo us until we are confronted
by the dilemma, >. Now, whether to rise
or not after an Introduction' is, ' curiously
enough, "to a great many people just one
of these puzzling little points.' -."When- a
man is presented' to -her r a- lady always
• v bows and remains seated.;.; But when
.the • introduction is - made between two
ladles, should the. one who is sitting
down rise to , acknowledge it? is the
.question that Is continually cropping up
in one form or another. On the face of
it, to rise immediately would be an awk
ward thing to do, unless i the, lady were
1 very old and' one : wished ; to • show ex
treme respect.' ' So, '\u25a0 In • the ordinary \ form
of introduction % between : two ladies, it
would not be necessary for the one who
is sitting : down \u25a0to • rise , unless they en
tered into conversation, when to rise, if
the other lady remained standing, would
be imperative.;: \u25a0\u0084'
A" hostess always makes a point of
1 rising to receive all A-isitors :as they
arrive, unless "she is a very elderly, lady,
and she naturally rises when they ap
proach her to take their, leave. ,
Sometimes at an afternoon tea or "at
home," when ;the: hostess happens to be
talking to one'vlsitor when ; another en
ters; the roonVr the first visitor .is in
doubt as ; to whether she" should rise on
this occasion on^emain seated, and often
she half rises; from her seat, : thinks the
better of ,- it and-; reseats herself," all.the
time rather uncertain whether ,or .not
she has done the 'right thing. Now,; the
. best £ form-, prescribes ,, that if the last
comer •is a • stranger : to ; her; she should
take no L : notice *;of her ; approach and
should neither rise nor attempt todo so;
but' if" she knows i the newcomer,:; after
the hostess ;. has shaken hands: and said
a fe,w; words she should" rise and: come
forward.to do likewise.; /
theyare marked 10 cents each. \u0084 ; .
This ' is i only^one of a thousand and
one suggestions 1 which greet you on
every side,", if j you're watching for them.
Gay little Japanese I prints— done on rice
paper, ;. passepartouted >in T black. ,with
Japanese characters in gold wandering
over the edge-i-cost'but a little more," yet
have , an ; element ; of I Individuality > about
them that; the mere I sending of a card
(or .;. the. inevitable' calendar!); is- only
too -apt to.lack.. . *.•;•\u25a0 "./ v - " ; .*\u25a0-.-
have their, places, and calendars
quite important ones.. but it is^rylng to
be fairly ; snowed urider,. a pile of either
— or ': both— when , ; 50..; many.: little things
would prove great conveniences. ". .
FADS FOR GIRLS
WHOSE INCOMES
ARE NOT LARGE
nOHE<ONE-a girl with only a very
\u25a0^"^ " modest sum to dress on each year —
%*J said the other day that she ac
i - complished the . odd little style
which characterizes her clothes by "go
ing in" 'very strenuously for fads. *
Realizing that that allowance couldn't,
by any possibility; give her the variety
of things she wanted, she very wisely
gave. up attempting it, and confined her
attention to the tiny accessories of dress
—or, rather, made . a specialty of those
little things.
Every season she goes over her
clothes,' planning < out - just what she
must have, making out a list and ruth
lessly "cutting off everything that 3he
: can spare. The things which remain on
'her list. she gets first, and takes plenty
oX time to it, choosing carefully and
sticking "to, her first plans, instead of
yielding to alluring bargains here and
there.
After the main things are got she sets
herself the task , of making collars and
bolts and the prettiest of. sets for shirt
waists and blouses. As the -main ex
pense in such -little things is the work —
and the ingenuity which makes for
style-rs he manages to provide herself
with a good variety, in spite of that deli
cate purse. Zl';Z 1 ' ; ,;:
Odd little ' bows of bright velvet rib
bon perched just under her chin set off
a deep turnover; collar which, in itself,
was a marvel' of hand-run tucks and tiny
vines * embroidered delicately on the
sheerest of linen. A hit of Irish crochet
—apparently too small for any use, but
too beautiful to throw away— was given
her. She combined bits of Valenciennes
lace with.it,; in the way some of • the
most daintily elaborate stocks are treat
ed this year. \ * ,
But beit3 were her especial 'hobby,
known and indulged by her friends. All
i sorts of quaint, interesting buckles find
their way into her. collection. There's
an odd Japanese one— just a' little thing
—which Is made Of two Japanese char
acters worked out in = silver, which; have
a symbolic .meaning. \ When she got it
first, . nothing seemed to fit with it, until
-the idea of Ing a belt with a
Japanese' motif occurred to her.
Knowing her : interest In -the little
things, air sorts: of, valuable hints drift
to her through ; people who never use
such ideas themselves, yet who find
themselves watching for them quite as
eagerly. > '
Her few silk stockings are made un
usual by embroidering, in exactly the
same shade a3, the "stocking, a few dots
or a tiny flower r or two just over the
instep! .*->
And when that French trick of em
broidering the wrists of gloves - came
out she bought a' pair of plain ones and
embroidered a" .wee. scallop around. t
All these little \ points of difference
about hei ar»> (interesting enough to. call
attention to .themselves and— which Is
why she does? lt— away from her fre
quent wearing! of * the same things, so
that she is , always, quoted as a well
dressed v/oman." "». \u25a0. : ,
CRACKS^IN THE FINGERS
A SIMPLE • remedy for the painful
cracks that often appear upon the
ends of, the fingers during the cold
weather was suggested by a lady
the, other day; who says that it is the
best thing' she -ever has tried.
\u25a0'.'Yes, I have; used them all."" she re
plied, when ', I .spoke of compound tinct
ure of benzoln.% shellac and the like;
"but : there is J nothing that gives me so
much relief as a' cracker poultice. I put
it on ; my finger/ at night, and in the
morning- the t soreness 1 is .gone, and the
crack begins '„• to 1 heal. . I : . have . poulticed
my,. fingers 'in ithisiway ' for * years, just
as soon as ; a' crack Intakes* its appear
ance, and I never have any more trouble
with v them. Some £ people, have cracks,
come upon the "feet;", especially the heels;
a cracker poultice; acts • like a ' charm
upon these - also. 'In* both instances « the
cracks; are caused l by, dryness of the
skin, and a consequent. hardening of the
flesh around them ; upon these hardened
places the' poultice, has ;a" softing and
soothing effect. I ', • 7 i : V i ;*SV ~
\u25a0v.This '\u25a0 remedy '\u25a0 la simple; apd within the
reach of all. and Ms well* worth trying.
DAINTY WAYS
TO SEND OUT
YOUR PRESENTS
. £% UCH a difference as there la In the
\u25a0> way Christmas presents are . sent
•KJ '\u25a0 out! Some of them wrapped up in
, • a way that shows only too plainly
; the evidences of haste— or even worse,
of lack of care. Others are wrapped in
the freshest of paper and. tied, daintily
enough, with narrow ribbons In Christ
mas colors. And then, occasionally.
• there Is some one who sends each of her
• presents out wrapped up in some un
usual; characteristic way, with tha
same careful thinking - out of the ar
rangement of paper and ribbon and
. holly that was bestowed u^on choosing:
the present itself. jfry
A cold thimble masked In tinfoil as a
3 bonbon, and put in a box with, real bon
bons, was the unusual way one man
- sent his gift to the girl. he was engaged
. to. It was several days before si?e found
. it out, and in all those days ho never
told!' Finally, one day, she picked It
up, felt the curious hardness of metal
and tore the paper off. Then there was
• a wild dash to the phone, and a "why;
" didn't you tell me?" . . {
• A spray each of mistletoe, and: holly.
; laid on each, side of a green candle
, stick, (which bore a red candle>, gave It
- a pretty little air of distinction, rather
, belied by the saucy bow of scarlet satin
' ' ribbon which was perched up on tba
» handle.
But the presents which . have most
possibilities for decoration are flower
vases and receptacles. One of the new
cut glass basket vases would be charm
ing filled with red roses, with a bit of
mistletoe tied on to the handle with nar
row scarlet ribbon. And violets! There
never w&s a woman yet who didn't go
into ecstasies over violets and bury her
face deep in the exquisite purple bloom.
. Not "Christmassy" enough? Then put a
bit of mistletoe on the handle and
you've given the Christmas touch to her
favorite flower.
As to ribbons, they come in a dozen
forms — wee white • tmea with baby
sprays of holly scattered on, wide ones
. with more elaborate sprays and stun
ning French ones— garish for anything
but the one use— shading from tha
softest of greens up through stronger j
tones to gay, vivid red. Perhaps
the prettiest touch is . the using of
green and white ribbons, finishing them
. where they cross with a great splotch
of scarlet in the shape of sealing wax.
The smallest possible bits of holly
dangle from each end of the ribbon.
Silk cords and tassels— the kind flo
rists use for violets, but in Christmas
colors—make stunning packages; and a
cord made of strands of heavy embroid
ery silks— red. green and white—crochet
ed together In a single chain-stitch. Is
as Interesting as it is unusual. . But it
should end In little tassels.
Like ribbon, paper comes in a dozen
varied forms, from odd treatments of
white tissue paper with little bars and
plaids to the most elaborately printed
crinkled kinds.
After all. It Isn't so much- the things
you use as the way you use them. It's
the distinctive little touches — a novel , \u25a0
way of finishing off a package, or oC
tucking holly or mistletoe on in some
unusual way that makes the recipient
of your gift hesitate over disturbing its
Interesting arrangement, even though
she Is eager to see the contents of the »
package.
FOR THE SUIT CASE
TO MAKE a pretty and convenient
sachet for the bureau drawer.
> take one-half yard of light blue
(or pink, or lavender, for that
matter) silesla and double Its width.
The material is so wide that this will
make a bag of abo_ut twenty-four !nch«3
by eighteen. Turning the material over
saves the sewing of one of the shorter
seams. Within this blue bag put two
layers of cotton batting, between which
ia sprinkled the sachet powder.
Over all, place a neat little slip made
of plain, white swiss. Make a hem of
about' one' lnch, and sew . the slip to
gether bymeans^ef blue featherstltch
ingr.- If the laU«r. is done In washable
floss or mercerized cotton, the slip Is
strictly practical, for it can -be washed
time after-time. . .
"'When" you choose .to renew your sa
chet, merely rip one end of yotir silrsia
•bag. and pull -out the cotton batting.
Then slip in tfee .new. One of the spe
cially recommended features of this sa
chet bag. which, of course, may be made
in any size. >is Us small cost."More
over, the size' mentioned here* ls w.ell
Suited for"placlng In a suitcase; wh'en
one packs up fer a short trip.
THE WINDOW GARDEN
IF Mistress Housewife is humorously
inclined, sh« may add this to her.
window gnrden.- In one of the flo
rists' shops there was .seen a quaint lit
tle fellow, all . head and green hair. It
was in this wi*e: A smart neud of a jolly
old man is modeled in red clay, hollow,
with a bole in the top of his head.
Grooves are cut round and round on his
hea4h where hair would be; also on his
upp¥r lip and on his brows, besides on a
dg&t that ts .ucked In the corner of his
mouth. Th-e '"rad is filled with water to
the top. and when thoroughly moist tiny
seed, which come • from .Germany, to
gether with the head, are sown in the
grooves. * In about four days little
sprouts appear, and in about ten days
mors— lo! the old fellow has a bristling
crop of green hair about one isch long.
He Is a comical chap, ami the first
glance at him calls forth a smile.These Are
the Lucky
150 Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest of
December 17.
•~r^ HESE fire ihe names of the lucky
\-, -J" T 1&0 prize-winners in the puzzle
I cpnt«st of December 17, which
J represented the - names of differ-
Vv ent .drinks: '~'ljy>.
. ' Allison Jlbuse, 304 Goshen avenue,
, 'Visalia-j'W'alter Phelan, 119 East Hazel-.
! ton aVendo, Stockton; Anna Molloy, 623
| West Fremont street, Stockton; Theo
dore Howfe, box 259, San Diego; Le Roy
Thyin,.* S3 l ' Taylor avenue, Alameda;
Constance, Steam, Shorb; Willis Lynn,
C 6 Pierce -street, San Franctsco; Ral
phlne Milis, Woodbridge; C. Trier, box
217. Clements; "Leslie Feese, box 283,
Lofii;* TJiurry Barrett, 479 Golden Gate
avenuu,.San Francisco; Elenora Calnen,
iZi .Sixty-third street, Oakland; Hazel
Lotz; 2424 Gough street, San Francisco;
Cerifai Greely. ISOS Myrtle "street, Oak
land; liom«r Tyler, 1209 Octavia street.
Ban Francisco; Harold Monill, . Llver
' more; Agnes Scholten, 1522 Santa Clara
evenue. . Alameda; Lois Rogers. 1824
' Buena Vista avenue, Alameda; Theresa
fcJcholten, 1522 Santa Clara avenue, Ala
meda; Otto Smith. Lodi; George L.
Emith, Lodi; Edwin Heinsohn, 171.6
Grand street, Alameda; Byna Williams,
• 104 West Park street, Stockto'n; Her
man SUeglitz, 2 Pearl street, San Fran
cisco; E. Steornson, * 167 Ban Mateoi
Charlie". Gilmartln, 1410 Fifth street.
\u25a0West Berkeley; Ruth Fitch, 1654
Ashby .avenue, South Berkeley;
Beatrice 126 hi Liberty street.
Ban t Francisco; Willie Lippincott, 1539
FairVlew Street, South Berkeley; Harold
Smith, 11^2 Union street. San Francisco;
Adele Lesser. 11C9 Oak street, San Fran
cisco; A. Scltz, 2330 L street, Sacramento;
Edith Morgan, 1254 A Fojsom street, San
Francisco,*,' Marjorie Fairgrieve, 10268
Bhotwell street, San Francisco; Freddie
Caler/ 3739 Sevent«enth street; San Fran
, Cisco; Gtrtrude Johnston, R. F.. D. No. 2,
Chico^oLois * Stansell, Nelson; Willie
Fake, 1224 Twenty-fifth avenue. East Oak
land; Lillian Hurtzig, IGSI Post street,
San Francisco; Laurie Nelson, 22 Frank
lin street, San Francisco; Beatrice Wein
man, SS4 Eureka street, San Francisco;
Hdna Gobch, 1232 Broadway, San Fran
' cisco; Viola Hamilton, Silver City. Ne
vada; Lila Koehler, Tracy; Alma Nelson,
box 809, Park City. Utah; Cleora Shlmmin,
Paso Robles; Inez Webber, 2198 .Devisa
; <<Jero street, San Francisco; Harold Cook,
ICB Woodward avenue, San Francisco;
Bella " Frolich, hO3 Larkin street, San
• Francisco; Gertrude Thomas, 18 Vlclts
burg street, San Franqjsco; Alvln Wil
liams, Dl 5 Railroad avenue. Alameda;
AVard Grant. 217 Mission street, San Ra
fael; Austin Eimer, Sl7 Chestnut street,
Alameda; Augusta Leavitt, 800 Pacific
avenue, Alameda; Gladys Heegler, 405
c Bacramento street. Vallejo; Emma Jesh
c ke. 434» Savoy street, Los Angeles; Doris
Lindsey, Railroad _ street, East Auburn;
Walter Price, 703 G'eary street. San Fran
cisco; Maud Luttringer, 332 Frederick
street, San Francisco; Hazel . Locey. 621
Tennessee street, San Francisco; Annie
Widina, CIS Tennessee st, San "Francisco;'
Xevll'.o Munsy. Pinole, Contra Costa
County; Eugenia McCabe, Volta; Mabel
Pfitzer, box 4, Volta; F.mma Prather, Fair
field; Rica Carney. lt>l9 South Hunter
street, Stockton; Kathryne Hinds, 607
Ohio street. Vallejo; James Byrnes, Kent
field; Rudolph Trautner, 2540 McAllister
Btreet, San Francisco; Dorothy Plummer,
Centcrvllle, Alameda * County; Zentha
Stanhope, Tracy; Bertha RoDerts, box 94,
' Tracy; Tiielma Juel, -i Eureka street,
Sa.n e Franclsco; Frieda" Struve,- 663 Bremen
etreet, Petaluma; Marie Levey, 120 -South
Pilgrim Etrect; Stockton; aenle Court,
J702 Pacific avenue, Alameda; Evalyn
WagenCr, 2011= Green street, San Fran- 1
clsgp; Gerald Staley, 924 Haight etreet,
6 Ban c Vranclsco; Lucile Mosher, 3008 Har-
X>er stre^CUerkeley; Harold. Mosher, 3008*
Harvcr street, Berkeley; Russell Burns,
816 Minna; street. San Francisco; Myrtle
144 Second avenue., Richmond Dis
ooo o trict^ Sag Franclsfco; Bert Saxby. box 175.
«« c Neveuia; «. B. Field, Ross; Henry De
laney,. J6K Washington street', San Fran
cisco;. Fted .Gordon, 2921 Lincoln street,
c Alajheda: Gardner Goldthwaltes, 871 Cedar
avenue, Alameda ; Beatrice Pearson, j 161S
Hayes street, Ban Francisco; Mildred Pol
lard. 0 Suisun City; '> Lillian Bastlan, • 148
Park avenue, Grass Valley: Sadie Belle
Allen, 2900 Bush street, San Francisco;
Grace Bryant, 1627 Eddy street, San
Francisco; _; A. Mack. 625 Turk- street,
c San Francisco; Elmer Johnson, 407*
° Haves .etreet, \u25a0* San Francisco;- My
ron c fissen, box £16", Salinas; Hazel
oHajiseru Rio Vista, Sonoma County Dor
othy H- Robinson,- 3006 Madrone avenue,
i Oak Park". Sacramento; Mabel Anderson,
|box 100, CTementa; Ralph Brown, 4332 Nine
teenth street, San Francisco: Adrian Wel
c ler 'Young, 1179 Park avenue, Alameda;
Dorothy Myville, 2222 Central avenue,
• Alajneda; Anita Whelan, 2720 Filbert
o ° etreeU San Francisco; Robert Coulder,
14U Union street. San Francisco; Ross
c Wrighf. '2730 Virginia street, - Berkeley;
o "Amy Kenyon, 229 Noe street, San Fran
clsco; Eva Bowne., 962 Sixty-third street.
•Oakland; Alice Cole. Hay wards; aMry
Murry. San Quentln; Louis Dilland. R, F.
'D. 5. box 63, Santa Rosa; Helen Ripsom.
215 York street, Vallejo; Grace Llppen
cott^ 1523 Fairview" Btreet, South Berka-
NAME PUZZLES
THE- SAN : FRANCISGG) SUNDAY CALL:
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
:':•. "',\u25a0\u25a0"{* ". : ,;y.VjV>V? ««'. \ '*'. •;- . .--., \u25a0. -. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0. • • \u25a0 • \u25a0•-\u25a0 > . \u25a0 \u0084 . \u25a0.. ... \u25a0 -
Vjf' . \u25a0'•> Did "anybody guess the V names of little drinks? VC^A, '• '"*
lVi^;Dlp|iinyb^!:.,. : '^v.'*h ' \u25a0'",-'.->. - I ' ; jV '-' -j^ \u25a0''•- .S\ ->\
•\u25a0'\u25a0• : . • v '•Wel'^'Jusiffjlo.ok nt;.that.jll9t of vrlnnera on thU page and >'knoyr. that these Inckry ones are- oaly t null
/part^ofVl'e'armyj^Jiboys'-nndTßlrls who guessed ria;htthe~ very /iorrt^tlmo. * ,V, V
"•"^'. <" . ''\*pl>i^ypu"Jnstf ; ieiiCt<atnmiisthe*o California puzxle isuesisera, ho' -matter how yon may try, " aaA €se tm-
',puzade^.cm^&VtpJast:?us well know.lt now as ' next "year. ','. ,-.* v. ' ?j
• --^^'V^rThe^holldays'-tw-lirtspohj'lie over and we'll, all have C to cet down to work nsrala, and to .remind as of
!i*!BMs.the\.pu& Jes^to-diyfbrlnß^tip' the unpleasant subject— rather slyly, Introducing It, as It were,' by nice do-.
>a>gei,-.- --t* \u25a0*\u25a0&\u25a0 \u25a0 5:;l->r'>>.V^.'?*^;5 :;l ->r'>>. V^.'?*^; . : ; " ' • \u25a0• \u25a0•\u25a0 » .-vv.-....« .*<.^_ .. ....... ..
to\ win books all you have , to, do lls 'discover the names of the different things
Ina ,wojrk',baske't,'jso slt^yoii darrnVwlth The \u25a0 Sunday s Cal l: and 'mother's work basket and- set. busy. •
$•:*\u25a0". i. ]:'i Her>,'are.,*ome*i^artValar' points to bear. InrmIndV.VAI^VAYS^B. ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN THAT >TOTJ
; GIVE/? Y-OjttlT; ADDRESS' CORRECTLY and LEGIBLY, lor \u25a0eyernlydoiea;book» hare bees returned because of Is*
r correct^ addresses.^ So '; If* your name was published and you*! did ""not receive a book please writs to tae
LYruMle'Edltor> -'.\u25a0*?/ •<;J : lf'-^l f'-^ .*•.;.- ' - ; '-. ' ; .x-;.^:,. -»•.\u25a0,.-.\u25a0 v.. -, / t^..\
:-'', kiv;V>{THfitIE;fAREJ^ONB''HUKDRED'ANDk i v;V>{THfitlE;fAREJ^ONB''HUKDRED'AND FII^TY^ PRIZES, and this Js^whayyou must do to win ens. of themi
7- -, .-.''i' Solve the, names. of the different thine* -lina '.work basket "represented above, and Trrlte them -out t m the
.{ space oppbsite^the proper,. correnpoadine naipheh provided ; fori.the purpose :1 a the coupon ob this past, as per dl
< reejtlons j r fill .in ..the .'coupon > with ;you r j name ' and -address and c've the, prize, you 'desire— If : you win— and send the
'coupon to .the;EDITOR\pF "THE^NAMEtT.UZZLEI.PAGE, Sunday. CaU, '* San Francisco. J
--•>-' To the ''FIRST.' ONE HUNDRED A^D^IFTY 1 BOYS vAKb^ GIRLS , who i I> mlvo the Six puslea
correctly, one of \ these ONIC UUADKED* AND FIFTY- 'BGAUTIF.CL 'PRIZES awarded. ,1 f
'" 'And don»t^f6r»et! this next point,^^becaVse-lt^ta^Veryr- Important* •-<Ai J i;iANS\yERS '»l UST " REACH THIS
* OFFICE.. B.y^.FRJLPAY - . NOON. .TUl»^elves all itbose In' the f country an equal; 1 chance > to compete, jit Read ; every
tUlnc on this Vpajre.^to <be sare that Syou' overlook nothing; that will help* you to win a "prfcee.'*
•gi^ATHEyNAM^syOFf THE%XUC^Y.\\VJ^i^9^WII4i^B^P^BUSIIEa>?IIV THE SUXDAY.CAU TWO WEEKS
' F^M(TO-DJ\X,y%NirARY t |l43oofc;^-; *. ;V;. -•:: ,J '.>.."
- \ ,J* f l These'rarc 'the BEAUTIFUL /BOOKS,«froin,whlch, you- may choose If you solve all the pnzxles correctly i
-' ". ' tV 'of 'a y BroTvnle,'J Mulock,\«Ba'rrack JRoom :Balltr*s," Klpllnsi "Bllthedale Romance," Haw
r thorne j "Bracebrldce Hall," -Irvine; "'Black '.'\u25a0 Rock, M ? Ralph ' Connor j fThe \ Chimes," Dickens) "ChrlsUe's Old Or
can," O. F.-Waltonj "A -Dob of . Flanders," Ouldaj "Fairy Land of ; Sclence," A. B. • Buckley; "House 'of J* Seven
, Gables," Ha^thornei "Master of Ballentrae," Stevenson} of Asia,", E.Axnold| ' "Prince of the
: House of David," _* Incraham) k ffTanslewoodT.' Tales," Hairthorne; "Uncle Tom's i Cabin," . Stowef . 'Tom Brown's
". School i Days," T. ":- Hushes j ;-, «<tVto -tYears". Before > the ": Mast.f.i Dana ; -."A Won der Book," •Hawthorne} "Vie, The Au
toblocruphy of a Fox Terrier," Marsh; "A Flae Story for Boys," H.'Alcer. .
; ley ; '. Esther V Glbson.V East 'Auburn : '.'Mil-;
j ford ': Keema;; Brucevillej: Lilav'Steventoni
337 Twenty-seventh street/ San ' Francisc o;
; . Milton 'C; Gordon, * Jackson ; ; Bertha \ Com
2109 ViClement v" avenue,*^ Alanteda;
"A G.eneviey e ; • Bennet, '•;, 2002 ' I ':. street; .i Sacra
\u25a0'\u25a0.?'mento;i? Helena Smlth,^ 742
= San '•> Francisco; "; Frank V. Logan,: ;t ßyron;
v < Cecil VAndersdnji Martinez ; •• Ernest ) "VNCat
j s6h" * 602 ; -West * . Poplar, v street ,' ;
A Van - Herbert/; Penngrove : g Emma .' Tubbs,
i 1224 -York a street, '£ Ban'jj Francisco; Jv Elsie
Bchraft, - 224 V Potrero : . avenuer> San J Frani
Cisco; Roy Atkinson, • ;_7l \u25a0 Ivy ' ; avenue,
San ; :< Francisco; j.",;-. Gertie ', . '•• : UpennV, 1044
McAllister^ '"street,'. San*-"' -Fmnclsco;
Arthur - Edgar,',' 2228 \ TelegraphVavenue,
Berkeley.jßen- Rlch,; ; 888 : East
tieth"^ street/. 'Los ;> Angeles; -Mlertiert
Northons,;^ 1021 f'ColeV street, . San Fran
cisco ; ,'i Llllle : : Langfen7,: UWahv \u25a0'; Mendocino
County;'" Mabel :'Fletcher,*;62;Plno, street,
Santa ;Cruz;^Lullta- Bacon; £1014 •; Oak
street, iNapa; Marjg-'aretfLetold/' 125 Fifth
street,, Santai Rosa;": Archie 'Flckes^box
37/ Mlddleto wn ; 1 Gladys : E.; Hof man, 1710
Walnut \street,TAlameda;vlnL*?Ai : ,- Ailing^,
ton, 521 Aurora street, Stoclston; Cars-
ton Lynch, 172 .Tenth street. Oakland;
Bartlett \u25a0 Russell,- box Mil,* iHaywarda;
Helen . Ramalho, Pleasantbn; L. A.
Brown^ Hiiton, ~Sonoma r County; Jack
MacMahon, \u25a0 Langham . Hotel. \u25a0 San Fran
cisco; Ella V.Ward,'; Port Costa; E. R.
Palmer, bo k 65, Mountain View; Albert
Phalr,\ 1414 Twenty-eighth street, Sac
ramento; E. Woods," Sulsun; Nelson
Blrkholm,* 1724 Eagle avenue, Alameda;
Alfred \u25a0 Cavanagh, ; 207." Mill street, Mar
tinez ; Charles ffwan,'.2727 X street," Sacra
mento; Hallle Parrish, Lifceport; ' Lorraine
Giguerc, Soledad, Monterey County.
SolvetliePiizzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
Lthe Puzzle Editor, *
Sunday Call, 8 F.
To Pnxsle Editor, Sunday CaU,
San Francisco i
j Below In their proper »xun-
bers please find my solution ot
the uames of the different
things la a rrorfc basket, rep-
seated fa tMs week's pnaxleaa
1
a....
4 *
8
«
T.IJtI.MOMIMI • «*JT».J».t* I • • • «
\u25a0 . • ijt» • • *• • t.t« » t » jjttjr.«..» uun
December 81, 1903.
11 am 8 t niiniinnmin,utm
MMMM
Street «r P. 0.. ». .t.n. ».«_.r»»*s
City ......_._*.>.....«.«-•
Stats sJjk xx********** •-••'-*\u25a0•**
It- 1 Trln I choose for .prne
\u25a0
(See List of m»«.>The San Francisco Call.
SAN SUNIJAY, 3JECEMBER r 31, 19057no_textno_textno_textPages 21 to 28
SPECTACLE
HORRIFIES
HER GRACE
Duchess of Man
chester Plays
• Policeman.
PreventsEnglishPawn
brokers Selling King's
Picture.
Resents Display of Royal
Photos as Unredeemed
Pledges.
SpeclaJ Cable to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 30. — "Lese Majeste,"
which gets many folk into dire trouble
in Germany, is° not recognized as a crim
inal offense in England,. but still there
are more or lees roundabout ways of
enforcing respect for royalty, and Con
euelo, Djichess of Manchester, has just
set one of them in operation. A short
avhile ago, in the somewhat aristocratic
eubifrbaji town of Kingston-on-Thames,
ehe saw conspicuously displayed in a
iawnbroker's shop and ticketed for sale
s unredeemed pledges a dozen photo
raphs of members of the royal family,
icluding the King and Queen anil the
rince and Princess of Wales.
The "American dowager, whose long
esidence in England and close intim
cy with royalty have greatly modified
lie democratic uotions she brought
r ith her from across the Atlantic, was
orrined* at the spectacle. To her it
ppearcd nothing less than . sacrilege
!iat the poi traits of these exalted per
jnages should be subjected to such
?norairiy. The fact that they were
ffered for sale at "bargain prices"
lade the offense siilj more heinous in
er estimation. She had frequently
jtfd similar portraits herself at faeh
mable bazaars and had never accepted
>r thejn* less than thrice what the
hotographers charge.
'; ;,i-;:i»^ her courage" in her hands she '
utered the shop. "Mine uncle," think
ig fhe ; haughty dame had come to ne
gotiate a loan, bowed to her most
obsequiously. But when she proceeded
to lecture him an \u25a0- his bad taste and
lack of loyalty and suggested that he
Should withdraw the photographs from
tli£ window, he just as good as told
her that he would see her hanged first.
Business is business with him, and he
saw no reason why he should draw the
line at photographs of royalty when
people who were hard up came to him
,tt> raise money. The scene ended by
the irate dowager purchasing the entire
dozen photographs that they might no
longer be exposed to such scandalous
association. Then she sought an inter
view* -with the authorities who issue
licenses fo pawnbrokers for the district.
Their views on the respect that is due
to royalty coincided with her own.
They* wci-e greatly shocked by what
i=he told- them and declared they would
put a stop to that sort of thing:. In
their district no pawnbrokers hereafter'
will be° allowed to accept photographs
of royalty "as pledges under penalty of
having-ith»ir licenses withdrawn. The
pawnbrokers are talking of making a
fight, over the matter on principle. If
ronsuelo^ Duchess of Manchester, had
Jirst consulted the King about the mat
ter Re- \u25a0would probably have told her
that,, her zeaF "was outrunning her dis
cretion. He would never make a fuss
over the sale of his photographs in a
pawnshop.
AITEMPTED REVIVAL OF
SALON FAILS MX' I.OXDOX
Society \\ (jn:an "\\>rpii When She Tell*
H»" Vain Have llrvn AH Her
Strrnnon* Efforts. °
LONDON, .Dec. ' 30. — Many clever
women, "among whom are several
Americans, have struggled hard, but in
vain, « to revive the Salon in London.
They have fitted their receptions -with
' all sorts of interesting folk in the hope
-hat?^,he result would be a brilliant ex
thaiigre of views on literature, art and
|nj.cllect»2al o »topics generally :v^but the
attempts Kav^" fallen utterly flat. A
well-known hostess in Mayfair said to
me the ofher day, "I have made my last
Effort in the cause of the Salon." There
\u25a0were tears in her ej-es as she went on
c to remark, "I have struggled and strug
gled to get my gruegts to speak of
beautifai thjifes, but ihey always drift
bacK to their livers and the doings in
the scullery."
The truth is it you want to be really
interesting just now you should read
carefully "The Lancet" and euch medi
«fa.l Journals." For a long: time there
was a g^eat vogrue in discussions on
Appendicitis. That, however, is quite
played out now. Appendicitis has be
t come very bourgeois; qui^c ordinary
people are having it. Liver and in
diffftstion o a re tn^ two srreat topics of
the moment. You should be able to
rlilate learnedly on both and the effect
of different foods on each. Quite "young
Ifirls trlf you they have "livers" and
. what they can take in wines and what
they hißst .reject. They explain all the
••symptoms" and go into an amount of
detail worthy of a medical student. Old
gentlemen seeni in their element pour
ing forth to sympathetic listeners con
fidences on thpJr gout, their faces beam
ing with *entuuKia*m' meanwhile. In
deed, did you not know the subject dis
cussed you would take it for granted
they w«>r<> telling of some deeds of daring
or of chivalry. Every second or third
person you encounter in London society
to-day is for one reason or. another .
dieting, and this fact naturally fur
, nishes en immense field for dilating
Httpon foods. To bo able to speak with
knowledge and better ptill experience
on. the different patent medicines wiH
also make your presence desired; in the
really smart and up-to-date drawing
rooms of modern London.
The San Francisco Call.
DOWAGER QUEEN WILL
SOON VISIT AMERICA
Margherita of Italy Intends to Tour the
United States in Automobile.
} ROYAL. ACTOMOBILJST WHO WANTS TO SEE THE WEST AND EXPECTS TO
• VISIT UNITED STATES NEXT SPRING FOR AN EXTENDED TOUR IN
I HER SIXTT HORSEPOWER rrALIAN-^rAR. - - - — ' "**. \u25a0 '
Spectal Cnblr to The Call.
ROME, Dec. 30. — Margherita, . the
Queen Mother of Italy, fs really going
to make a tour of the United States.
It has not yet been decided on exactly
what date she will start, but it will
probably be eaxly next spring. She
intends to "do™ America in a motor
car, and to avoid the fuss and. cere
mony with which she was thoroughly
satiated during the long years that she
shared Italy's throne with King Hum
bert, she will travel incognito. She will
assume the title «of Countess of Stupir
nigi. taking the name from her castle
of Stupinigo. which is her favorite
summer residence. Since she took to
"moting" Rome has seen little of her,
as she has devoted herself to exploring
most of the countries "of Europe. And
now the rostless Dowager Queen
yearns for the novel experiences and
[larger freedom to be found in the New
World.
She Hi especially anxious to see some
thing of the Wild West. The other day
speaking to an American of her desire
to visit the United States, she said in
nocently. "I want particularly to - go
West, as I know Bret Harte's sketches
well, and I should so like to meet some
of his types:" One wonders ;what
would happen if the good Queen, who.
is graciousnoss iteelf but an aristocrat
to her finger tips, should suddenly ap
pear in a mining camp in Nevada. But
thir. is the spirit in which she is plan
ning her trip.
Strangely enough the Queen Mother
used to be much prejudiced against
motor cars and would not hear of en
tering one, It Is said, because she con
sidered them so ugly and dangerous.
One day, however, she allowed herself
to be persuaded to take a spin with
her son. King Victor, but alas, the
brake refused to work and they nego
tiated a hill at a pace -which -made
Queen Margherlta's hair stand 'on end
and, worse still, they ran over a dog,
but with it all the royal lady felt that
she had at last found a cure for her
maladies — melancholy and restless
ness. :. .. .;\u25a0 ->\u25a0-.;; *"v.'.
SHOCK TO HER XKRVKS.
The first time King Humbert's life
was attempted was \u25a0In her presence,
and the shock so affected her nerves
that the doctors were seriously alarm
ed, although the public in general was
unaware of the fact. Her nervousness
took the form of extreme and acute
restlensness,- which would not allow
her any repose. Motor cars were then
unknown, to she was taken' to iNice,
accompanied by a most accomplished
musician, whose duty and delight It
was to play to her for hours. Under
this treatment, which was veuy slow,
she quite recovered. . never having a
touch of it again until her husband
was assassinated., Since then the old
restlessness has returned, but now she
has her automobile and when flying
even at the moderate pace she adopts — •
is tranquil and happy. "It is^only
thus," she said lately to j an . intimate,
"that the vision of my husband as they
brought him hora« to . me 'dead leaves
me. When in my dear motor car I 'am
a normal woman.".
The arrangements for her American
tour are causing the Queen -Mother
some trouble because of her' desire .to
make every lady concerned in ' it .happy.
There -is that' dreadful ocean to "cross
and her favorite. lady-in-waitingr' is no
longer young and , has a, dread of the
»<ea. If the Queen Jeaves her behind
her trip will be marred; if she takes
the lady with, her .there- will.be wail
ing if not gnashing of teeth, as be
sides entertaining exaggerated . notions
SAN FRANCISCO; DECEMBER 31 , 1905.
of the ocean's terrors the good woman"
believes that the- West is peopled ex
clusively by ' lawless desperadoes and
scalp-hunting Indians.
A POWERFUL. MACHIXE.
For the trip' the Queen has acquired
a new Fiat automobile of sixty horse
power from the world-famed Italian
firm. That it' will be equipped in the
most luxurious style goes without say
ing. It will accommodate six people.
The Queen will take with her a gen
tleman and lady .in waiting,, her. maid
and an expert Italian chauffeur, who is
now taking lessons in English, which
the Queen, by the way, speaks perfect
ly. There will be a vacant seat for
an occasional guest.
- It was in 1868 that Princess Mar
gherita Marie. Therese < Jeanne of Sa
voy, daughter ; of Duke Ferdinand . of
Genoa, wedded her cousin. Prince Hum
bert. She had been married only; two
years when she was called upon to
take up the difficult position of wife
to the heir apparent of the kingdom
of' United Italy, at a time when the uni
ty consisted chiefly in a name.
No bed of roses awaited Humbert
when he came to the throne, and few-
Queens have . had. a larger share of
trouble than Margherita. . But- in 'the
same degree that the heroism and,self
oblivion of King Humbert, during the
fearful cholera, year at • Naples, helped
indirectly to establish his dynasty on
the throne even' more than did his gal
lantry in i the field, so did the devotion
the Queeni displayed in those dark day's
in visiting the ; hospitals and tending
the suffering win her a warm place', in
the hearts of. the Italian people, which
she has ever since held. She has well
earned tire release- from the cares of
state which she has enjoyed since her
son became King Victor Emmanuel 111.
ON BEST OF'TERJIS.
They are on the best' of ,;terms, but
in the first days . of his reign the young
King- made" it apparent* that " in affairs
of .state his masterful- will' was - para
mount, and even his mother .would have
to give way, to it. wanted the body
6t her martyred.^hueband:buried;in:Tu
rin, the reason ; she assigned being that
there-, the other- members^of; the /race
had' been.; burled,', and that he 'ought ' to
lie, among his kin.
- ,\u25a0, \u25a0 There '.was, as she knew;', one; excep
tion, to this' rule. The body.- of ; Victor
Emmanuel, the founder of the; present
United-Italy, had been lajd at rest, in
the ' Pantheon— that is to ''say, in : Rome
— 7that beautiful : prize ;which had
won from the ; Papacy, and -which V the
Papacy .still ; hopea to \u25a0 win , It
washer deslrenot to offend the church
which strengthened.' the .wish of ' the
Queen Mother.-'but ' her son '> insisted
that hissfathcr,, should; be ~' burled in the
same tomb in the same city., :
Queen Margherita, was in. her. boudoir
at Monza with, the- Duke of Aosta, at
that time heir" to the throne as Victor
Emmanuel '111 then; had* no son. when
the King, pale and tired, .entered the
room.'- ' \u25a0.'/'\u25a0','. '.\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0•"'\u25a0-...•.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ," ; '- '\u25a0''':'\u25a0"/'.
"Well, thati is arranged,".' he exclalmr
ed, "my father^ will have a fitting
burial in the Pantheon.",
"Victor,", cried ihis mother, "I see- you
want to. .r. r break J my. heart. ;: You'offend
my religion as^well as my> affections."
"I am sorry, T mother,"^ he said gently;
and then. he added, sternly: "Ther e
ligion which is offended •at a martyr
being buried "in his own capital, .and
lying beside his o wn; father/. needs rad^'
leal changes." - " ;;.:
j 'The : Klng.-ha'd: his .own -way, and
everybody : is now ;. agreed '\u25a0\u25a0. it ? was /the
best way, and- there£has* been no-con
flicts '\u0084b etween . them , since. Out-; of , : his
own; civil^list^of ;?3,OoO,oooVyearly.i;the
King ; mak-es : his .mother;; an \u25a0\u25a0 annual \u25a0\u25a0 al
lowance of $400,000.; She can; 1 well-af
ford; therefore;: to enjoy, life "• in' her; own
way. " :~ \u25a0 \u25a0 .-: -- v .-"\u25a0': \u25a0.;.\u25a0:. \u25a0' \u25a0 .-
GUITAR NOW
THE THING
IN LONDON
Daughter of White
law Reid Clever
Player.
Duchess of Rqxburghe
Is Famous Perform
er on Bairjo.; <
Husband Has Horrors Until
Princess of Wales Ex
presses Approval.
Special Cable to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. -30.— The guitar ,is
coming into considerable favor, here,
especially among American girls, one
of the last to take it up being Miss
Reid, the daughter of the American
Embassador. *She has a pleasant sing
ing voice, particularly^ well suited to
Spanish 'and Italian songs. Apart from
its musical charms, the guitar with its
great sash of gay ribbon is particularly
decorative -in the : hands of . a pretty
woman and the young daughter of the
Embassador makes a graceful picture
with hers. Miss Padelford, another
American girl who Jsia 'great favorite
here; is quite an accomplished perform
er on the guitar; and l ; wheov. she is in
vited to country house parties is always
asked to bring it.
It is the banjo which the Duchess of
Roxburghe favors and/ plays " really
well. She sings "coon" songs delight
fully. I hear it is to her rendering of
these simple ditties that she owes her
great popularity with the Princess of
Wales, who is very fond or them. The
Dukt at first thought >-; it excessively
"infr* dig". for his wife to perform on
trte banjo, but theappreciation 1 of the
Princess of Wales induced him to
change. promptly his views arid now he
is quite proud of her. accomplishment.
He has,: however, made' a-jhard and: fast
rule that \u25a0 ghe '.;\u25a0; must : only.'; sing, negro
songs before her fri_e_nds. • She hris 7f auit.e
a^collectj[oti?ofrl|Stfjbs7l|hree-pf J which
wcre^presented'-.Volher/ori- her "marriage.
One of these has the reputation of be
ing: one 1 , of the"", most .valuable instru
ments tof its kind "in existence:. '
FINANCIAL. DIFFICULTIES
AGAIN: GROWING. ACUTE
Countess*' Lonyay : Report* Theft of
Jenel«, Imt Those Who Know
- Her Doubt Story.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 30.— Countess Lon
yay's financial difficulties are again
growing acute. she signed
an agreement to take Bifron's famous
country seat near Canterbury, but
when the deposit came to be paid if.
was not forthcoming and" the contract
lapsed.* Some time , ago a sale of her
jewels was announced in Paris, the ob
ject' being to induce the Emperor of
Austria and King Leopold to pay her
debts. The' intended sale was denied.
Now comes news that burglars, evi
dently intimately acquainted with the
interior of her Castle Bodrog, Glassy,
Hungary, have succeeded in carrying
the jewels off during a flying visit of
the Countess to Vienna. This is be
lieved to be anothcrruse of the Coun
tess to account for the disappearance
of her jewelry, which doubtless is in
pawn. She" is infuriated against all her
relatives and "has written an account
of her life, leaking up the secret scan
dals of ;the Belgian and Austrian royal
families, which: she is constantly
threatening to'publish.
Brldgrc 's I,r«s«»iis -For Clirl.«ttnia«.
LONDON./Dec. 30.— Truly the old or
der changeth ajid giveth place to .the
new.,- How^thlnk you many of the
smart folk ; prepared, for . tho Christmas
season; which antiquated people sup
posed should be' especially devoted to
spreading peace and goodwill ,on earth
and laying, up treasures in-' heaven?. By
taking lessona in" bridge that they may
improve their play and ; increase, their
bank : accounts ; at the expense of .their
friends and acquaintances. , Christmas
Is . the season^when the \ game is most
played. Professional .teachers of.. the
game, are licing/.overwhelmed by/a; tre
mendous rusrifof . piipils. • 'Mostoflthem
arev'.woraeii rand{few are ; novices. It
has been alleged that there are some
people who find their greatest happiness
in. making others -happy, ahd« therefore,
would rather ';, see their opponents ' win
than win ( themselves. But ; a course of
bridge at \ country , house " parties; soon
euros them of such altruistiqvfolly. At
shilling (25. cents)" points $200 or; $250
.may be easily,; lost in the ; course of a-n
evening. Hence people who ploybridge
habitually are keener on winning than'
anything else, and consider^ money, paid
for- lessons to rub, up "their game well
invested. ' '-
Monte .Carlo i Drnw« Throng.
NICE, Dec- 30.— Monte Carlo' is full,
as the gaming , tables at : the 'Casino
show. ,. Ten roulette and three "trente
ef quarantc" Jv tables are '. crowded
throughout /.the J day.- One 'wonders
what the' rooms will' be likiV when \u25a0 the
season" really, commences. ,. OneVor. two
men recently caused excifoment by. high
play. .One / punter -, threw . $400;; : on': the
trente et'tiuarante, table a.nd won/ Pocket
ing, his .winnings he ; placed the 1 original
stake'v on* the table ; and ). told .i the i chef
de' partleUo; leave vit*>there'/ until: it
reached the .maximum,, and' then uonV
tinue^with the maximum ".Tun til: '; the
tenth,'coup. ,' Every thing ac
cording ; to'the- player's C desires.: His
net gain /was $17,000..* -,V
.Trouble • for Fnmonit . Music Hall.
.PARIS, Dec. 30.— The '-Moulin- Rouge
seems to have fallen on ", evil- days,: and
,its*affairs]are}nowjdiscussed in»the> : law
courts. * Before a Judge sitting in /cham
bers f the s Societe^; de "* Moulin ;^ Rouge
claimed of rent; from- the: pres
ent tenant, 5 Chan teduc, who was granted
a delay until January 10.. •'
LOR D R AYLE IG H MANAGES
BIG DAIRY BUSINESS.
Famous Scientist Lon
don's Best Known
Milkman.
Human itarian Experi
ment a Commer-
PIS I
His Efforts Save Lives
of Thousands of .
Babies.
Special Cable to The Call.
LONDON. Dec. 30. — Though in the do
main of science Lord Rayleigh, who has
just-been elected president of the Royal
Society, is regarded as one of the most
distinguished physicists and mathema
ticians in the world. .In London he is
better known as one of its most-en
terprising and successful dairymen.
Aristocratic Mayf air swears by his
milk. So # does the plebeian East End,
where large quantities of it are sold
to retail dealers., It is sent up every
morning by a special train from the
fat pasture" land .. around Terling, his
beautiful Essex ' home, where "he has
over- 1500 cows grazing.
There is no sailing under false colors
about this peer's business. Each of
his dairies bears the sign in large let
ters, "Lord Rayleigh." He also sells
butter and cream and -"fresh" eggs
that are: really fresh. Incidentally, he
makes a lot of money as a milkman —
a great deal more than he has ever
made out of any of his scientific dis
coveries. But nobody begrudges him
if. It was not to make money that he
first went Into business. He embarked
in; It from humanitarian motives, being
convinced Athat • one of the greatest
needs of the day to insure a' healthy
race is pure milk.
There is' no doubt that he has saved
the lives of hundreds of babies, which
many folk 1 would consider a greater
achievement than > the discovery of a
new gas. by making the, business
paj"-^and pay handsomely — he has af
forded a much more instructive object
lesson in the value of commercial hon
esty than if he had merely run it as a
charity.
His dairy farm furnishes a practical
demonstration of the "value of science
applied Ao the humble cow. He has
the finest herd in Europe. .The sanita
tion Js, perfect "and absolute cleanliness
is. enforced > in every department. He
*ega«- Sellings milk'Mna^small "way by
supplying- local" customers and having
thereby proved that pure .'milk paid" he
began. opening shops in:Loridon. Some
previous 'competitors assert that their
success is 'owing in' no small measure
to the fact that they , are associated
with a peerage. But that is an error.
Had Lord Rayleigh hoisted over them
his plain baptismal name, John, Strutt,
the same methods would have made
them v equally successful, j § Peerages
don't count for much in trade, in these
days when the novelty of the thing has
worn off. There are several peers in
the beer business^ but their breweries
do not sell an extra pint on that ac
count.
VISITS PLACE MEEKLY.
For some years Lord Rayleigh's
brother, the Hon. Edward Strutt, has
had general supervision of the milk
business, but once a week Lord Ray
leigh visits his main shop in Great
Russell street and overhauls the ac
counts. \; He was not senior wrangler
of Cambridge for nothing. With his
increasingvknowledgc of the higher
mathematics he* has. lost none of his
proficiency in simple arithmetic. His
tenants in Essex regjard _him as the
cleverest man in the world. Members
of the House of Lords are not given to
excessive veneration of any mortal., but
none of their number do they honor
more highly than Lord Rayleigh. be
cause he proves to the world that a
hereditary" peer may be the most bril
liantof scientists.
Thus : from two widely different ex
tremes "the- discoverer of argon draws
recognition not invariably vouchsafed
to benefactors of the race during their
lifetimes. Had he lived; in medieval
days . ho would- have been deemed a
wizard andaiman of dread power. But
he would never have been canonized
by.- the ancient army of alchemists or
seekers -after.:- the philosopher's ptone.
No man \u25a0alive; will -more cheerfully em
bark upon' exhaustive research and
wearying labop 'in I pursuit of scientific
knowledge; but there Is nothing of the
dreamer about him. ..'\u25a0 He is essentially
practical: His country seat. Terling
Place." is a glorified scientific laboratory
and it was there that.; the experiments
.were '-.conducted which led to the great
discovery of the new gas. argon, that
was announced ",tq ' the . British) Associa
tion ini'lS94. '"\u25a0 No seat better ; illustrates
the trend of modern ;. progress. It was
once a manor and palace of the Bishops
of 'Ely.and^Norwich/and later one of the
residence's of Henry .^Ylll.Vf.The; present
house .was 'built by the first \ Baroness
Rayleisrh's j father-in-law, 'John Strutt.
M. : P. ; forA Maldon,7 great-grandfather of
the . man who has Iconf erred sur.h . dis-.
tinctlon on' the title. ;.
PAST, CHLOROFORM ACK.
; .According to ' Dk: Osier's 'theory Lord
Rayleigh \ should' have :' been chloro
formed three years ago, for. he is that
much beyond; his! sixtieth birthday, but
his intellectual vigor shows no sign of
abatement.' He is very happily mar
ried to a sister of .the late Prime Minis
ter,VArthur, Balfoiir,' and has three sur
viving^ sons.\; The' eldest' of tliem.:Rob
ert: Strutt; has inherited; some* of his
father's genius, Jfor.he has. brought out
several: inventions, \u25a0 among them a
radiumjclock .which \will go, it is said,
for;"; two 'thousand years without being
wound * up. : ' ; , \u25a0
: "iThet Royal; Society,- of , which Lord
Rayleigh has "just been elected;presi
dent, succeeding T Sir \u25a0 William ) Muggins,
dates back v-to? the /year 1645, .when
"divers^worthy persons, inquisitive into
natural -philosophy,; and other parts of
human -.-_ learning," did, -by^; agreements,
-meet i weekly, in ?Lbndorv : on;a certain
day.' to treat \ and r discourse of such . af
fairs.".: In: 1862," : by , the "grace- and'
favor" 6ft Charles .11, f they were • tricor-"
poratedbyJcharter^ as, the Royal Society
of : London *, for -^the ; Promotion \u25a0'; of : Natu - \
ral'f Knowledge^ '"\u25a0 The^ society has jlong^
been" the ark of the [covenant of British'
science. 'i Its presidency is a most high-"
FAMOUS BRITISH SCIENTIST WHO
SUPPLIES THE LONDON BABIES
WITH PURE COWS MILK.
ly prized honor and many illustrious
names appear on the roll of those who
have held that, office. It carries with
it the position of a trustee of the Brit
ish Museum, and. its tenure extends to
fi^e years' But a man who has already
been awarded the Nobel prize for
physics— l4o,ooo, by the way — can
hardly gain any additional distinction
from it. . - \u25a0.
There are several peers who are en
gaged in the milk business, though
none of them -has made such a,con
spicuous success , of it .as Lord Ray- i
leigh. Some few years ago Lord Rose
bery opened a dairy, shop here, and put
his name over the door. Had he donev
that ten -years -earlier society would
have gasped with horror and the comic-i
papers would have reeled' with cartoons
of his Lordship in his robes. and roro
net; serving behind the counter of his \u25a0
shop or going . round .with a milk can; \
But ' now there is little of Uhls mock.;
pride remaining and, the noble lord who j
goes in for any legitfmate money-'mak- j
ing scheme is- generally held upas a ,
shining example to hia bre'thrtn ;who '
are content , to. remain ' mere titled
loafers. i
The Marquis of . Ripon. who, ranked
I high as a statesman before '. old age
caused him to -take a back scat, has a
big dairy farm at Studley Royal, his
magnillcent. country. s*at. and soils his
produce T : in. Leeds. Farmers, in \u25a0the
neighborhood take their best mUk and
cream- to- the. Rlpon dairy to be con
verted into butter and. cheese. Thie
Marquis takes great pride' in his busi
ness and ; advertises. it extensively, for
each one of hi? .milk carts bears the
inscription in large letters. "The.Mo3t
| Xoble - the Marquis of Ripon/' Lord
i Rothschild and Lord A'ernon -are . also
• extensively engaged in. commercial
I dairying. \u25a0; 1"V- '<\u25a0.'.
;. To. Lord Harrington belongs'the dis
tinction of being- the first peer of the
I realm to open.a. shop -. in London and
I tOfbrave: the ridicule and'earieatures to
' which his ..action exposed him.
j To refer,, back: to. Lord Rayleigh, it
| may be mentiohed-that one of his cows
'is /supposed to hold the' world's . record
1 for milk-criving. In one year this anl
j-mal—which ts an Alderney— yielded
; over 1600 gallons of -the. lacteal fluid —
'*which-is just 600 "gallons more than is
' averaged by cows that afe regarded as
I flrst-clas3" milkers.- She has been a
i feature of nearly every agricultural ex-
I hibition that : has been held in Kngland
| for, many; years, and has' won several
• gold cups and no end "of othee- prizes.
j Surprisingly, large - sums have been "of
fered forthe cow. but all /of them have
i been refused .by hqr " noble own«-r. It
!is by Lord^Rayleigirs permission that
• the accompanyins; photograph of her is
!'publishedjfiaaHiNH@B(g
Hungry Time CoitiluK.
PARIS, Dec. 30.— Professor Martot.
the \u25a0 French [cave explorer, . declares that
in the;course of a. few, centuries a" large
proportionl of ijthe" inhabitants 0f ... the
earth -, will ; have * died of " thf rst :.. unless
something Is done to prevent the lower
ing of thcearth's water level by ero
sion. -
Pages 21 to 28
HAS FAMOUS
SURGEON SET
COLLIE'S LEG
Mrs. Adair Takes
Dog to Sir Fred
erick Treves.
Spwial CaMf.to The. Call.
,-; LONDON. Dec. 30. — Mrs. Adairjs still
here and her eyes are so y much better
that -it isfcoped she may not. after all.
have to submit to ' the .operation -for
catarat-t. I henrtl. the othrr day, from
a friend that she had taken' up Chris
tian Science with "&roat enthusiasm.
\u25a0 ?.Irs.Adair's most constant" companion
is a' Scotch terrier who ' has the repu
tation of b^ingtlie floverestdog, in all
London. Recently " "Sandy" accompan
ied hi? mistress when visiting Sir Fred
erick Treves and by some, accident
managed to g»-t a forepaw under a
wheel of the carriage, breaking" *he
leg: Mrs." Adalr was in much distress
and the great surgeon promptly offered
to 3et the "paw. \u25a0 This being done the
dog was "taken home and very *oon re
covered. A week or ten days ago, as
Sir" Frederick was leaving hia house
one morning he found; "Sandy" with
another dog much bigger than himself
standing- outside the door. •' Sandy's
companion^ limped on three legs. The
surgeon saw immediately "that it was
evidently the intention of the_ Scotch
terrier that his friend's \u25a0• injured les
should be cured and he ' deliberately
turned back and dtd what was neces
sary. Sandy looking on .while the oper
ation was proceeding, and expressing
his gratitude in canine fashion by wasc
gin?: his tail.
"Sir Frederick •' told the King: _antl
Queen about 51r3. 'Adair's- clever "dojc
and their Majesties. have signified their
intention of 'making "Sandy's" aoqualn
tance at^an early -date.* but mennwhfle
Mrs. Adair has presented' the Kins: and
Queen with two photographs of her
terrier.
3IARTIX EGA.V .VOW OWXS
AVHISTIJER'S OLD HOUSE
Former San Francisco Xew»»ap*T Mai
KMtnlillMhr* Hlm*elf in One Time
Home of Famous A rtl*t.
•LONDON. Dec. 30. — Martin Esran, th 9
well-known American' war correspond
ent, has been, looking for a London
home for some time, and has at length
made a. very Interest inK choice.'
-Mr.Egan has taken the house which
that eccentric American genius. Whist
ler, made hfc« home before he"s«hook the
du!«t of London from, hia fe»*t.
.The house, which iX, in Steyne Walk.
Chelsea, a str*>pt famed for Its asso
ciations /with great writers and artists,
has < a' huge .and very curiously .shaped
studio, and- all the rooms -are : weirdly
and strangely arranged. The beautiful
copper work on the Uoor is one of the
features of . the house. '
Mr.'Esan has made a wonderful col
lection of works of art in Japan, with
which "he will" fill his l:ous«.22
c liiinr-K the early pan of December No
ble Grand Arch 1 Anteinovieh 'visited Ix>s j
-\np«'los and there instituted a new grove •
«.<!!c-«i Sylvian. It is composed of ju num- i
1» r <jf iJ|e best c-itisens cf that place and j
r.°has j jrospeets c£ becoming the banner;
EToye of that part of the jurisdiction.
In tkr- ivcent past there ::di»-e been sev
eral Vffieial visits to gloves in this city.
At Vasco «da Gama Grove, -a the absence ;
of Che noble Erand arch, who Is'in the
southern Y>?.rT of the Slate. \Y. J. Andcr-J
pun. stand truftee. acted fcr him. There j
were priest Grand St< retary MarWnor.i. j
I'ast. Arches SulHvan. Gallagher. Herhonj
ar>4, many others. An instructive session j
;y*id tl»e initiation of. four candidates were (
fuilowe-d.by a banquet. At Aurora Grove I
Nubie Grand Arch .f»ntcnov!ch. Grand
Secretary Martirioni, Grand Trustees Co- j
l»urn and RanKon were present. Nineteen \
o;fndidat<"s were initiated, and at the close |
of the official business there was a ban- J
*juet, pariak^n of by" 103 members of the]
order. At the* \isit to Golden. Gate Grove J
the noble grand arch, granil secretary..!
I'asj Grand Trustee Gallagher and Grand 1
TrusUe, . Ranken were present. Two j
suangen: were made* .a-cquainted -.with <
the masteries of the . order, and after I
sp<x-< fees by the visiting officials there '
*at a German supper. The official visit }
To'Greei:* Valley Grove in the Mission dis-
Tuiet was a Very pleasant out. * The noble j
jrvmd arch, srand secretary and a num- j
per ofr members of the order were pres-"
••lit. After an interesting rteetingr there j
was a«banQuot. to which tht* membership
of the Italian Cavalry Company was in
vited. • .• -°
Goldtn Gate Circle of the Druidesses
had^a ver.v enioyaole entertainment and
cfanbe hi i:hion Square Hall on the second J
Saturday in' Dee-ember. There were massy j
to enjoy th<* programme and take part j
in tht)<°t!ancine. . # \u25a0*
There was a recently in Santa j
Rosa of the representatives of the gloves I
in S<tnoma Ccuntf for the purpose' of
making c arrangements for ihe reception
<jf fhe Grand Grow in, June next. The
znewjing wa's called to order by Grand
Secretary « Martinoni and preliminary '
\u25a0uurk was laid cut. It was decided to let
the two proves of «Santa Rosa take the
l£-a.d. and'at a future meeting an organi
zation will" be effected.
The entertainment given by Germania
Circle of the Druidesses. U. O. A. D.,
i:i Union Square Hall in celebration" of
ihe circle's second anniversary was a
vtry yleasai-t function that was enjoyed
by all the members of this "enterprising
eubordinate of the order and a largo
number of «the-ir friends. The hall wa*>
prettily decorated in a style befitting -thej
orcasiQn. There was a good order of
<iances fo German dance music, for the
circle i% a German one. ant! all enjoyed
a pleasant evening. In the grand inarch
each person participating was given as
a souvenir of the occasion an imitation
roast fcarkey, a novel am. pretty fancy.
The affair was managed by Mrs. C. Herr.
chairman of the committee of arrange
tcents; John Horion, floor manager;
JoFeph H. Rachovsehy and the following
named members: Messrs. Boyee, Klein
hammer. Pedice. Kober. Klein. Luhre,
Sor.netnann, Eggers. Schussler and Hans.
A°t the second meetmsr nf the memorial
committee of the Jocal organizations of
the United Ancient Order of Druids an
organization was effected by the election
of the* following named Depnanenl offi
cers: 'Walter Gallagher, chairman; Mrs.
Maria Baumann, vice chairman; John
Koch, secretary; L. M. Fabry, treasurer..
The following sub-committees were ap
peinted: Hall— Past Arch Stock; literary
committee— Thomas Wallace, W. Sulli
van, R"ose Peters; music committee—
Jcseph M. Wolff. Francis J. Horn, Ralph
Nostrl; printing committee — Charles Gay,
Essie- Albrecht, W. Lennefeld: decoration
cf-mmittee — John T. Kidd. John Roustan.
M^S. D. Fapefdasher; finance committee
—John P. Hansen, W. Y. Stewart, F. T.
Sufcliffe; press committee— Past Arch
Stock. A. Olson. Sophy Schreibcr. The
exercises will be held in Native Sons'
Hall on the afternoon of Sunday, Feb
ruary 18.
Odd Fellowship.
An unusually large number of mem
bers of the order were present in the
lodgeroom of Yerba Bucna Lodge re
cently to witness the team of that
lodge in its new robes confer the sec
ond <3eg;r<ve on four eligibles. Major U.
S. ,G. Clifford. who*had been given full
powrr to carry out an idea in con
nection with the work, sprang a sur
prise on the meeting. It was in the na
ture of Bcenic effects, that were pro
nounced beautiful in the extreme and
added much to the carrying out of the
thoughts usually oxpreesed in words
only. The work was the most impres
sive that has ever been known in the
order In this city and It created a most
favorable impression on those who wit
ne§s<»d it.
Anew lodge was instituted at Hemct,
Rii-erslde County, during the last week
In December.
The following named fleeted, together
-vith the officers to be appointed, will be
installed for Golden Gate Lodge on the
evening of January 2 by District Deputy
Grand Master Osthoff: Dr. O. G. Preyer
moutJi. as past noble grand; George Ca
re w, noble rrand; F. C. Miller, vice
grand; Charles McLaughlin, recording
secretary; I- E. Jarrett. financial secre
tary, and W. H. Leitch, treasurer. During
the term, which will expire to-morrow,
the lodge, with Dr. Freyermouth as noble
grand, made a very creditable advance
and added quite a number to its member
ship. Recently this ; lodge had a grand
Apollo concern for the entertainment of
iis members and invited guests in the
Remembrance Hall of the ' - Fellows'
building, when there was presented many
pleasing instrumental numbers, and vocal
selections by Mme. Ida Gray Scott and S.
Homer Henley. L. ' S. Roberts presided
al the piano."
On the evening of January 19 a.theat
rical entertainment will be given in the
I Majestic in aid of the San Francisco
j board of relief. A good bill will be pre
sented, and as the meney to be derived
j ife to be used !n the relief of the sick
and distressed Odd Fellows, it is expected
that there will be a full house.
A new encampment will be instituted j'.t
Anaheim .during the current month, and
the one that has been organised in Berke
ley will be" instituted in February.
Santa C!ara Lodge will celebrate the
fiftieths anniversary of its institution on
the evening of January 16.
Concordia Lodge has appointed a com
mittee' to arrange for a ball to be given
January •£? in celebration of its fortiotn
anniversary.
Templar Rebekah Lodge had a very
suceersfull entertainment and dance in
the Odd Fc-Ilowp* building in the latter
past of December, which had been nr
rar.ged by Mrs. F. Button, recording Stc
retiay-elect.
Duiing tlie. latter part of Dccemben the
Rebekah drill team. Captain Allie Par
ker commanding, gave Henry W. Osthoff.
the popular and genial funny man of the
order, a eenuine surprise party at his
apartment? in the Iroquois on Ellis
street. The team called at his home, and
after Henry Waldorf Osthoff. had ex
claimed, as he saw the "Rebekah Army"'
invade the apartments, "why Is this
thusly?" Captain Parker, on behalf of
the team', presented him an immense and
elaborately carved stein that holds two
gallons, and which was purchased in New
York for him, as a token of the high
esteem in which he is held by the offi
cers and members of the team. The cap
tain said that a? "his fraternal cup of
happihesE, esteem and fraternal love is
already almost full to overflowing the
members thought it wise to provide some
thing to held the overflow, should it at
any time overflow." On this occasion the
amiable wife of Mr. Osthoff was not for
gotten, for the visitors brought her a
largo basket of carnations, in the center
of \v,hich rested a beautiful souvenir
badge, of the grand representatives of
New Jersey.
The officers of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge
will be installed on January 2; those of
Oiie:rtal on the Cd; those of California on
the tith: those of Loyal on the Sth r arrd
those of Templar on the 13th.
Fr.eger Rebekah Lodge, the recently in
stituted Swedis.. organization, gave its
first party in the latter part of Decem
ber, and it was a very enjoyable affair.
Bay City Lodge will have a .public in
stallation of officers in Golden Gate Hall
January 11, on which occasion a special \u25a0
feature will be an exhibition drill by the
Rebekah drill team.
The office! s of Spartan Lodge will be
installed in public in South San Francisco
Masonic Hall e>n January 3.
Pistrict Deputy Grand Master Osthoff
will install the officers of the lodges in
District No. 68 en the following dates:
Golden Gate, January 2; Spartan, 3d;
Sargent, sth; Fidelity, Bth. and Occident
al, 11th. „
Redmanship.
Recently Great Chief of Records Porter
L. Blss visited the tribes in the southern
part of the State. While there he as
sisted in the institution of a new tribe
at Santa Ana with sixty charter mem
bers, organized by Great Mishhinewa E.
W. King of Los Angeles. He subsequent
ly went to Coalinga. Fresno County,
where he attended the preliminary mat
ters for the institution of a new tribe
there, which was organized by S. A. D.
Hall of Hanford, past sachem of Urapqua
Tribe. The tribe hae since been insti
tuted.
The work of the order Is progressing in
Orange at this time.
Arapahoe Tribe recently gave a ball in
the Assembly hall of the Red Men's
Duildlng and the members were gratified
with the large attendance of friends and
acquaintances, who danced till midnight,
P. J. King was floor manager and E. de
Sparr Jr. his assistant, with Joseph
Snelllng. C. A. Bird. A. Smith. W. E.
Wares, 11. L. Jansen, E. W. Davis and
H. Nelson as aids. P. A. O'Connor was
the chairman of the committee on ar
rangements.
Potomac Council of the D. of P.has
been giving a number of delightful en
tertainments which have been the
means of drawing to the meeting place
a large number of members and their
friends. All but one of , these were in
vitational, the other was for tho pur
pose of raising funds for tho tepee. A
feature of that evening was the dis
tribution by lot of a handsome sofa
pillow donated by Mrs. Rlcker.' It was
won by Mrs. R. E. Saunders. Later
another entertainment was given, when
one of the best programmes that has
ever been given was presented and
each number would have been most
cred^taJjle if presented by a profes
sional. The programme Included a
song and dance, by Little Ruth Moran,
Indian specialties by the Ideal Sisters.
Dutch specialties. Odie Foley; Irish
specialties, Ivy Lions; Hebrew Imper-
Eonatlons, Solly ' Carter; . vocal selec
tions. Ray Carcass; piano solo, Geneve
Hcney; songs, Eddie Alvarado, and reci
tations. Rose Jenesse and May Hood,
The affair was admirably managed' by.
the committee composed of Mrs. Louise
Carcass (chairman) Mrs. Saunders,
Mrs. Rittanand Miss Provence. The
chairman and Mrs. Rlttan are most
efficient workers for the success of the
council In .every detail. The council
had a very enjoyable entertainment on
the.niffht of December 20. There waa
THE SAN FRANGISCQ 'CALL, -SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31 ? 190o'
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
OFFICTvHS IX Tim MASONIC KRA
TFKXITY A>:!> A PROMINENT
MEMBER OF THE 1. O. O. F.
a Christmas tree and a jolly time for
tho little ones who accompanied the
adults in order to get an advance view
of Santa Claus. ,
Manzanita Council. D. of P., has
elected Emma C Wedemeyer Pocahon
tas, Ella Wyatt Wenonah and J. Jt
Bryan Powhattan. Annie Conroy will
be the prophetess. These and the
chiefs to be appointed will be raised up
in January. /
W'endigoes Council, X). of P.. as usual
was ahead of time in its Christinas
tree festival, holding- the same on De
cember 15. but it did not make any
difference in the attendance of mem
bers and their friends who were
anxious to see what kind of a Santa
Claus the council could trot out. Those
who expected an Indian "Santy" were
disappointed, for the old, fellow repre
sented by C. P. St. John .was disguised
in the convc-ntionr.l red robes and white
whiskers. Ho made his apnearancv. in
the upper banquet hall ;of I the Red
Men's building after the members and
their g-uests had danced for nn-hom
In the lower hall. There was a liberal
supply of presents distributed, after
which the^gift-ladon tree; was stripped
to delight the children until there re
mained nothing- upon it but electric
lights and a portrait ; of. Dr. C.-AL
Troppmann, the father of the council.
Danciiig- was then resumed and kept
up until a late hour. •. : ,•
. Calumet Council, ;D. of , P., has elect
ed tho following- chiefs for. tho ensuing
term: Mrs. A. Ellis, Pocahontas; Mrs.
J. Wobber. Wenonah; Elmer, Ellis, Pow-'
hattan; Mrs. M.. Brown, keeper of rec
ords; Hannah Bailey, collector of wam
pum; Mary Molinari, keeper of wam
pum. Mary Martin on retiring: from
the station of Pocahontas will become
the prophetess. These anel the appoint
ed chiefs will be raised up at the first
meeting, in January. '.The council gave a
Christmas festival and dance in- the ban
quet hal!' of the Odd Fellows' building, on .
the night of December 2S.
Th« private rnnsaucrade* given' 'by
Manzanlta- Council, of the D. of P. on
the third Friday in December, in the,
banquet hall of the Odd Fellows' builil
inpr was a* very enjoyable one, being In
the nature of a home affair, where all
who attended, and there was agoodly
number of? maskers oji the floor, -en
joyed themselves to tho utmost. Dur
ing- the evening a. collation was served.
Wendlgoes Council, D: of P.,, lmproved
Order of Red Men, is proving itself one
of, thb r live; and progressive councils | of
tho reservation: During ; the .first' five
moons :of the current \u25a0'. term :the .coun
cil , adopted thirty-two -palefaces. On
December 22 the council had : work in the
adoption degree. JtissElizabetbiatteux,
the Pocahontas of : this council,^ re
cently married.t o Carl ' Rocitwl tz, a well
known artist of this 'city.'..'
The officers ! of '\Vyandotte Tribe' will
be raised up in public ;On\the 'evening
of January 5 ; in the Odd Fellows'.'build
ing. The raising up will "be
by;a ball in the; banquet hail of the
same building-.
Masonic.
The new oflicers of 'Crockett Lodfje,
Free and Accepted 2vlasons,(rec«ritljvin
stalled, ; are ."'all; at:tlve/,young : , rnembefs
of the \u25a0: fratcrnuy, who each nave ' the
g-ood of the order at. heart, and it will
be the aim of each not. only to maintain
the high standard th« lodge has at
tained, but to do all, that .can be' done
to make it even better than. i£ has been
in the past. At the installation of the
officers George W. Geauquo, the,retir
ing' master, did some thingr. which", .it
is said, has never before been; done in
a Masonic lodge in this city, and that
was installing all of the officers with
out the aid of the ritual, and he did It
without skipping a word or adding one
to the ceremony. For this. he was con
gratulated" in. almost hearty manner.
W r illiam/^Kahh^ the \u25a0 new worshipful
master, is a' .well-known citizen, wno,
it is believed, will make one of the
best masters the lodgre has' ever had.
R. A. Gfier. the master, and Louis A.
Boivln, senior ..warden of Presidio
Lodge, recently installed, are also of
the younger members of the fraternity
and their aim will be during the cur
rent Masonic year to make Presidio
Lodgre one of the shining subordinates
of the order. .\u25a0 . "'_\u25a0 \u25a0 .
The follenving- named were installed
last week as the officers of Fidelity
Lodge for the current term by Rev.
Jacob Nicto, P. M, assisted by Oustave
Brenner, P. M., master of : ceremonies.
Tho event was followed v by a banquet,
speeckmnking and songs:
Schlessfnger, worshipful master; John
Philo Albro, senior warden; "Joseph
David Abrams, junior warden; Max
Goldman, treasurer; ;\u25a0 Frederick Barry,
secretary; Roy Jllock, senior u'eacon;
Walter Albreclit Radius, junior deacon;
Simon Lazarus " Lansburgh, -marshal;
Edward Adams Wusserman and Harry
Klins Heincman. stewards; Mitchell Jo
seph Myers^ tyler.
The National Union.
El Dorado Council, which is,; now third
in the" race for membership, /at its last
held meeting had a class 1 uf. twenty. to ini
tiate Into the National Union.
V At the last held meeting, in \u25a0 December
California Council, which j for a short time
lost the banner, of- greatest', number "of
members .to Golden Gate Council, regained
It -by .[tits' initiation' of : fourteen strangers
and Increasing the, membership to, 525,
making it j once more the " largest council
in the State. ,; From the number of appli
cations .that were laid on the; secretary's
desk, that' night it is" evident; that the
members have determined that Golden
Gate shall not take the lead again. Un
der good of the order Speaker E. C. Ker
tGok charge, arid then followed a jolly
good time for an hour. Each of the many
members of the order present was given
as a Christmas gift an eight-inch cigar
tied . with f. red, , white ; and blue i: ribbon.
Then there .was Ihe presentation on . be
i half of Deputy? Joseph j A;' Wilson > of lan
embrematic ring as a reward; for securing
members to Vice President Broderick and
Friend-; Oppenheimer" fbr* having
into .the council and had i initiated more
than -ten strangers; /the; presentation of
a /lino: silver cigarette 'to - General
Deputy, 'Wilson for- his; interest in < the
council ; . an "order for : a turkey to : Prince
! Laurance ' yincent;. a; former ~ member rof
| the' council, in recognition : of his services
• to : the' ordeT; in • general,: and then' the" dis- :
tributlon -by^lot of | fine .) presents "; to 16lxty-:1 6lxty- :
eight, of the assemblage,^who\ held num
bers S corresponding./ to :. those Idrawn| from
j a/hat.. 'Aicer: the -speaker had almost ex
hausted his programme of "entertainment,
which; Included ,; songs.i; instrumental ' :mu
sic,' recitations 1 and ; a -banjo ; solo, *c was
surprised^by., having presented :i to \ him ; a
.Wilson: ring* in appreciation *of ; what >he
has,' as; chairman of^the progress commit
tee," done for the council.'
rj; San "Council at : : its "last held
meeting -received seven applications for
membership : . :.]'. .-. . : --. , . . ;
1 Golden Gate Council on the last Tues^!
E. C. STOKE
day In December, after obligating a num
ber*of candidates for membership, had a
jollification meeting under the direction
of the speaker. Santa Claus, in the per
son \u25a0 of Norman R. - Arter, senator of the
order j and an old-time member of the
council.-.in regulation attire and with a
little, bunch of whiskers on his chin, was
introduced and initiated. by General Dep
uty;-Wilson into the forty-second degree
c:f; the order,/ after which he., distributed
a large number, of "josh" presents to the
members and- visitors. There: was also
the presentation of a Wilson ring to Lloyd
t- C. Comegys. chairman -of the progress
I committee of the .council, who as one In
dividual ha? done "wonders in the matter
of increasing tb»- membership of the
council from 3, q beyond the 500 mark
;in about' seven months. ! He was highly
[\u25a0 and deservedly prafstrl for the hard work
that he has done, and the applause that
he received at the' close of.' the presenta
tion speech must have made him feel that
| he ought to continue in • the? good work.
,H. Kraus was also "presented a Wilsou
ring for effective work. ."-
During ' the holidays General Deputy
Wilson remembered the members of the
order by sending them a check on the
bank of happiness for 365 days, with the
privilege of renewal at the expiration of
that time. ' \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0
General Deputy .Wilson, who was an
aspirant for the | position of superin
tendent of deputies." recently made va
cant by the resignation of Friend Sey
mour, has been informed, that "while
the Senate would feel proud to have
him at the head of the deputies, it can
not, ,in view of the. most magnificent
record he has made as general deputy
of the State, of California, in the mat
ter of Increasing the membership of
the order, in justice to the order and
the California jurisdiction, remove him
from that territory."
American Foresters.
Grand Secretary Cordy and Grand
Recording Secretary Troppmann re
cently visited Kennett, where, they in
stituted a new court named Court Ken
i nett No. 223, with twenty-five charter
! members. T. T. Pluckett is the chief
ranger and C. Bedford secretary.
' Last week the grand recording secr
etary left for Redding- for'the purpose
of Instituting a new court there. He
will after his return to this city of
ficially visit the court at Woodland, the
one at T.iburon and the one at Novato.
Robin Hood Circle has elected the
following officers for the ensuing -term
aftqr passing the election of chief com
panion: May Bailey, S. C; Sadie J.
Hathaway, R. G.; Hattie Levy, L. G.;
Dr. William Amos Atwood, R. S.; Liz
zie A." Vorath, financial secretary; Mrs.
O. C. Miller, T.; Annie Gudehus, O.; Net
tie Johnson, inside guard, .and Mrs.
Scheon, outside guard.
Under the. direction of Mmes. J. Mor
ton, M. Bostroni, B. Beban, N. Moore,
F. Bonnivert, Mrs. T. Zelsir.g, Mrs. H. L.
Lerame, Miss E. Ba_er, Mrs. E. Johnson
and C. Kichner, New Century Circle of
the Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica on the second Thursday in Decem
ber hael a jolly Christmas tree party in
the Social Hall of the Alcazar building.
The children of the ; members were
treated to toys and candies from an
immense tree, while* the adults when
.not- elancing discovered wh^. there was
for .them in the fishpond, the grabbag
and at the wheel of fortune. There
was a good attendance and all had a
pleasant time. \u25a0 . -
There was a big crowd at the Christ
mas tree festival given by Inter Nos
Circle of the Companions of the Forest
of America on the evening of the third
Friday, in December In the Assembly
Hall of the Alcazar building:.. Presents
and candies, nuts and fruit for the lit
tle ones, dancing for the adults and op
portunities to secures pretty Christmas
gifts were in order from start to finish.
The, affair was successfully carried out
under the supervision of the booster
committee, composed of Chief Booster
Jakobs . and Minor Boosters Licht,
Haley, Candage and Messlck. , assisted
by a special committee, composed of
Misses Bertha Stelger, Freda Bertola,
Maggie Forrest, Florence Lachman and
May Robertson.
At the last meeting of Buena Vista
Circle, three candidates were initiated
with the assistance of the drill team of
New Century Circle of this city.
A Grand Circle of the Companions of
the' Forest of America has been organ
ized in the jurisdiction of Massachu
setts. - '•\u25a0
The official visit of^Dr. C. M. Tropp
mann, G. R. S., to Court Schiller recent
ly, when he was accompanied by Jacob
Label,, edltor'of the American Forester
Review, was a red, white and' blue
event In the history of the court. There
was .-a genuine Forestic welcome and
under good of the order the visiting
official delivered an address In German,
by which he aroused an unusual de
gree of enthusiasm.. What he said left
a most favorable impression upon his
hearers. ' The meeting- wa* also ad
dressed by J. Label, J. Talsen, M. Tho
maiv of Stockton and a number; of
others. The evening closed with an
i elaborate banquet."
Edward J.i Coffaney. a past chief
ranger, of Court Seal Rock of this city,
a: charter member of |he court, passed
away at. Mission San> Jose a- short time
ago. For eieht'ycars he was the treas
urer, of .the.' court.- but two months be^
fore^hls death resigned, as; his condf
tion'of^health did not permit him ,to
longer attend to the duties of the' of
fice.: .He was dearly -be.oved in , ii»»e
court because of his 'sterling qualities.
The court' was represented at the fu
neral by Benjamin. F., Johnson; ' Ernest
Jakobs. Joseph - Gallagher and .Dr. C.
M. Troppmann, who acted as pallbearers.
On the visit to the court in Colma re
cently Grand Recording Secretary Charles
M. Troppmann was accompanied by, Jacob
Label, editor of the American Forester
Review/ and Charles Salburg. The- meet-
Ing was " a, pleasing | one and instructive,
as well. A banquet .followed the official
inspection.
;;: Court San Lucas has changed its name
to Court King City and will meet in the
city, of that "name. ;
; Court; Seal/Rock of !the : F. of A. has
arrangements for a grand Valentine
\u25a0 party-"on ; or near j Valentine's 1 day.
Court Farallon: at pcean View has un
der consideration -the building of a: For
esters'.' hall in that place..
Native Daughters.
'/Grand Secretary / I^aura J. Frakes has
been : spendlrrg ' her * Christmas vacation
with her \u25a0 parents 'at- their; home in j Sutter
Creek: ; Before leaving for that place she
sent vher / Christmas) greeting to the par
lors, i In this : she says:;t'From an over
flowing-heart I gre« you,' dear
loyal J friends,' with', love 'and good
cheer..: //May. the year \u25a0' so i nearly
departed take. _with : , It into oblivion
all ;/that each one -would, "gladly
forget^. but may it send forward all bright
and - happy 5 memories* as ; inspiration and'
for the year, now standing
on;the threshold. ..To the old 'year—'Fare
well !', iTo the ; new year— 'Welcome 1", May
our . beloved order continue to ' thrive \u25a0 and
prosper, and may each Native Daughter
find her heart's desire. Blest be the tie
that binds our hearts In fraternal love."
Woodland Parlor's celebration of "moth
ers' night" m the latter part of December
was a very enjoyable affair that will lin
ger long in the memory of all who attend
ed. There were fourteen mothers present,
and they tock as much Interest In the
event as did the youngest native. When
dancing was announced and the Virginia
reel was called all the old ladles were as
active as they were in the long- ago, when
that was considered one of "the dances'*
of the evening at a fashionable ball. In
the early part of; the evening there was
a programme of entertainment and
speechmaking, the principal one of these
being "If Our Mothers Would Listen." by-
Miss Harriet S. Lee, one of the most en
ergetic workers for Native Daughterlsm
the order has ever had. Then followed
a banquet, at which there were Mrs. Mar
tha Hoyt, who came to California in 1552;
Mrs. Harriet Shelton. in 1853, and Mrs.
M. G. Lee, in 1554. The ladies who came
to the Golden State . "the plains across"
related their experiences, after which
Mrs. E. C. Laugenour, -Mrs. Mary Le
land and Mrs. Martha Allen, who came
by steamer, told of their experiences at
tending a five days' trip across the isth
mus of Panama.
Calaveras, the beauty parlor of San
Francisco, in celebration of "mothers'
day" in its hall In the Native Sons' build
ing had as a feature a mock wedding,
with all the ceremony of a high church
affair. There was, a German band with
a, drum, major,, which 'led the procession,
composed of the groom and bride, brides
maids, best man, ring bearer, minister,
ushers and so forth, in which Sophie
Struss, Clara Tanlau, Anna Gerrish.
Grace Fleck, Tillie Schlmpf, Clara An
dreas, Lucia ReJneke, Leah Wrede and
Ada Rehm took part. It was an amusing
travesty and was greatly enjoyed by all
who were in the hall. There were short
addresses appropriate to the occasion and
the serving of refreshments.
The Christmas tree party given by Las
Lomas Parlor in Pendo Hall on the third
Friday in December was one of the very
enjoyable functions of the season in the
local branch of the order. The attend
ance was large, the entertainment charm
ing as only the members of this parlor
can make it. and the Christmas tree was
the joy for the little ones. There was
dancing until a late hour.
Rathbone Sisters.
Ada Temple of Vallejo recently had a
very pleasant meeting at which two
knights were initiated and several appli
cations were presented, after which the
officers for the ensuing term were elected.
After the close of the meeting there was
a social and the serving of refreshments.
The visit of Grand Chief Clara Martin
to paradise Temple in Pasadena was a
very instructive one and the members
gained a great deal of valuable informa
tion from the able address of the visiting
official. The temple presented her a valu
able souvenir spoon. Mary Thorpe mak
ing the presentation speech. An enjoy
able supper followed the meeting.
Unity Temple No. 86 was recently in
stituted at Richmond, Contra Costa
County, by Dora Langrldge of Oakland,
D. D. G. C. In the presence of Grand
Chief Clara Martin. The initiatory and
floor work. was by a picked team of offi
cers of Calanthe Temple. East Oakland,
and Loyal Temple. Oakland, assisted by
the degree team of Calanthe. In the insti
tution the deputy was assisted by Lilly
Samuels. S. D.; Nellie Bruce. P. C: Louise
Holmes. G. M. of R. and C. There were
present Nannie Bush, D. D. G. C, of No.
75; Jennie Handel. Emma A. Schofield.
Olga Benfeldt, J. H. and Mrs. Brook and
Minnie Trousdale of N«. 11 and Cora K.
Thompson and Dulcia Bruce of No. 70
and a large delegation of Oakland mem
bers. The officers of the new temple are:
Henrietta Bly, P. C: Anna Thome.
M. E. C; Kate.McVicker. E. S.; Lulu
Hudson. E. J.; Sena Clark. M. of T.; Sadie
Lilly, M. of R. and »C; Christina Des
mond, M. of F. ; Estella Fernald, P of
T.; Dora Oliver, G. of T.
The officers of Calanihe Temple of Oak
land will be Installed in public, January
5. by Cora Langridge. D. D. G" C
The visit of the grand chief to Esch
echoltzia Temple was one of the very
pleasant events of ythe official tour. The
meeting place was prettily decorated with
chrysanthemums and verdure and was
crowded with members and visitors from
other temples. Under good of the order the
grand . chief delivered an eloquent ad
dress and was followed with an interest
ing one on fraternalism as exemplified
by the Rathbone Sisters by Lily Sam
uels, S. R.; Miss Bernlce Gelder enter
tained with vocal selections and won
much, merited praised and applause At
the conclusion- of the business of the
evening there was a banquet at which
Nannie Bush, D. D. G. C. waj. toastmls
tress. There were addresses by the pre
siding officers of a number of temples
and then .J. H. Henderson, on behalf of
the temple. \ presented the grand chief a
beautiful decorated vase as "a remem
brance of her visit to the hall of Escn
scholtzia."
Junlpero Temple of San Luis Obispo
will be officered during the next term by
Mamie Van Ness. M. E. C; Grace Arata
E. S.; Nellie Dunning. E. J.; Neva Baul
meister, M. of T. : Mattie Fry, M. of R
and C: Nettle Negus. P. of T.: M Blacvl
bum, O. G..- Clara Saver. P. C-'Levlna
Henderson. T. On the occasion of the
election of these officers Lizzie D Arm
strong of Golden Gate Temple of San
Francisco was a visitor. The election
was followed by a supper at the Bristol
Knights of Pythias.
™" R f Of lhe Knl *ht3 of Pythlaa
gave a ball in the Native Sons* HaJl r^
f»tV y "SIT a Credlt to that organ
isation Two features that are deserving
of special mention were the arttatl"!?
pearance of the hall and the unusually
interesting souvenir programme, which
not, only contained the order of fourteen
dances and three extras, but a great deal
of Interesting information that if o? value
to all members of the order. More than
a hundred couples were In the grand
march. The ball was most creditably
managed by the committee composed of
H. J. Purcell. F. W. Nachbar and A. N
Engberg. :,Mr. Purcell was the floor man- 1
ager and his assistants were William Bol
ton and J. McGlone.
- ; Grand Prelate; W. D. Wagner paid offl
cal visits: to lodges in this domain as
tollows:. Oak Leaf Lodge at Lincoln. De
cember 11; Rocklin Lodge at Rockltn D^
cember 12; ; Cedar Lodge, I Dutch Flat \*r>7
cial); 13th ; Placer Lodge. 4 Newcastle nth •
.Auburn ; Lodge." Auburn, 15th- Coifnv
Lodge;- Colfax. ; 16th; . Pythian '. £od«
Woodland, j 18th ; and Golden Seal Lodl!'
Davisvllle, 19th.
.The anniveraary ball given by Bay Cltv
Lodge in the assembly hall of the Pio
neers' building ; recently waa a ' su£
cess.; There a large Tnumber of "£.
dies and /knights present and these Vn
joyed. an order of /twelve dances^^J
three extras to excellent music Q xv
Dunster ,waß ' floor ' director, with Dr h*
A. Frederick, as assistant. ~ -
. Martinez Lodge was instituted : In th-»
town of that name recently. George, 81- '
der wa3 elected chancellor commander
and C. H. Hayden keeper of records and
seal. • ;,;:;. * ; ; V..': ..:'.. ~ '.:
California Lodge of this city wllll hava
its officers installed in public in the As
sembly Hall of the Pioneer building on
the night of January 5. Grand Chancel
lor Clark and Grand Keeper of Records
and Seal Schaffner will be in attendance.
South San Francisco Lodge at it j las:
held meeting initiated ten stranger* ia
the long form.
The Eastern Star.
At the last meeting in December of
Starr King Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star the new officers, with,
Mrs. Adelaide E. Hickie as worthy ma
tron, acting, there was the Initiation of
four applicants for membership in the hall
on Devisadero street, which was beau
tifully decorated witn evergreens,
flowers and red bells in profusion. It
was the first Initiation by the new of
ficers and was conducted In the pres
ence of a large number of members of
the order, every local chapter, being
represented. Grand Putron Florin L.
Jones and his wife were also present.
After the beautiful ceremony tho grand
patron stated that he could hardly find
words to enable him to express his ad
miration of the letter perfect manner
in which the worthy matron had car
ried on her portion of the work and of
the manner in which the points of tho
central star and, the other officer* had
assisted her. The work, always beau
tiful, he said, was rendered mor»j so and
made more impressive when conducted
as it had been by Mrs. Hickie. One of
the past matrons who spoke in most
complimentary terms, one who is fully
qualified to talk about the work of the
order, was Mrs. Hickey of Mission
Chapter. At the close of the meeting
there was an adjournment to the ban
quet hall, where an excellent supper
was served.
Golden Gate Chapter had a Christ
mas tree party for the children of mem
bers during the latter part of Decem
ber and it was well attended. . From
the branches of a large-sizeel tree there
was taken a great number of presents,
such as delight the hearts of children,
and these were distributed to the lit
tle one by "a real live Santa Claus."
Order of Pendo.
All the officers of the local councils of
the Order of Pendo will be installed in
public in Pendo Hall on the night of Sat
urday. January 6.
Home Council has elected the following
named to serve for the ensulns term. C
L. Pierce, C: Lillian McCord. V C • W
A. Burghard. S.; M. L. McCord.' T ;
Thomas T. Neilsen. C: Kathrync Neil
sen, G.; Albert W. Schmltt. W.: F W.
Parker, sentinel; J. B. Hanna. M. E.; J.
B. Frank and Catherine J. Gillette, trus
tees. This council will give a minstrel
entertainment to be followed by a ball
on the night of January 17 in the As
sembly Hall of the Pendo building. Dr.
Howard will be the Interlocutor «lurirts?
the minstrel show.
Supreme Secretary Terry visited th*
council at Petaluma In the latter part of
December, when ten stranger* were In
itiated and the applications of ten mure,
who will be Installed at the next meet-
Ing, were presented.
Supreme Councilor Tugwell hai re
turned from , a visit to the States of
Oregon and Washington, where he of
ficially visited the councils of Portland
Newburg, Elma. Seattle. Tacoma and
Aberdeen. At each r>laee the work of the
order was exemplified by the initia-.on of
candidates for membership.
Arrangements have been made for the
institution of a new council in a short
time In the southern part of the State.
Daughters of St. George.
I The . holly social that was given by
Empress Victoria /Lodge of th» Daugh
ters of St. George In the Alcazar build
ing in December was one of thos* social
functions of this order that have In
the past 'been so favorably commented
upon, i The. hall was prettily decoratetl
with the American and English colors,
and branches of holly generously dis
tributed in all parts of tho hail reminded
those. who came from the Quaen Isle of
the Sea of the old-time custom of deco
ration at yuletide. There was an ex
cellent programme of entertainment, mu
sical, vocal and instrumental. Including
songs anel muaic ever dear to the hearts
of people from dear old England. Th!*
was followed. by an order of dances that
kept the \u25a0 people together, until the jani
tor's bell announced that it was time to
leave the. hall.
_
Knights of Honors
During December all of the- lodges fit
th« Knights . of Honor /elected of
ficers for th«?. ensuing term, and these
will be Installed In January.*
A composite -lodge Is being organized
m this city, that is, a lodge composed ot
men and women, the first since the law
authorizing such was adopted. It is ex
pected that It will be ready for institu-l 1
tlon Id a short time.
Arrangements are being made for sev
eral public meetings to be held In this
city during the month of January.
The organization committee has dtvlsed
plans for an active campaign In all parts
of tho State during the coming year. \u25a0WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
' It' was the morning after. The very
"air seemed dx&Y of it. The big Christ
mas tree, towering and glittering in
the c St* Francis lobby, seemed only a
part* of ,ii,° of Alice Neilsen's triumph^
Of the nlgfet before. Even his sophisti
cated majesty, the bellboy, seemed im
pressed, "tweaking a discreet thumb
over his c shoulder in" the direction of
the 'bit eft a girl coming to meet me
Irom the elevatorf
' "It's Aljee Nielsen.". the man next me
whispered to the man next him,
"Alice Njelsen." the ermined woman
passed on* to hec friend in mink, sister
ly rejoicing: in^ her smile. j
the* bored 'person at the counter,
even, had* taken time to say. as I hand- :
cd in my 'card, Avful glad the little
woman has made good. She's a sweet
Jittle thing."
Then a soft, small, eager: "How d'ye
do?" and a" friendly little hand tucked |
into, jnine. and 1 had met Alice Nielsen.-
Where should we talk? Not there, in
the hall, for all the keen, clean, sweet I
end spice of the tree alluring. Nor in j
file -library — where there were more |
folk Xt whisper "Alice Nielsen." Up
stairs we went, fourth floor.
Haven't a. drawing-room— yet," the
little finger laughed, but there was
(nothing to quarrel with the spacious
quarters into which we turned.
* It wa6 when my hostess dragged up
the next coziest seat that I found that
"little" Alice Nielsen's eyes were level
\u25a0with mine. Honorably I had given her
more than our noble 5 feet 4, yet I
defy any one to her aught but
•little."- She is that kind, a slim, dim
pled, demure, nestling thing that you
want to stroke. Her round, hazel eyes
look^up at >ou with trustful appeal, her
round,^ childlike cheek is another ap
peal. Her baby mouth seems to pout,
"Please be? good to me," and you would
tirink him a villain indeed who should
Jiring a frown to that smooth, chijd
brow. '
Yet life has meant hard things to
Alice Nielsen. That was whtft we be-
Kan TTith — some of the hard things.
AWiimpering? No. Anything else I
hearfl « trbm Alice Nielsen. Of the
2^'fv? York critics, who would appear
to have been manifestly unjust to her.
£he «lmply said: "I Oppose they just
didn't like me" — then beamed — "but 111
make them fike me some day." She did
not say *1t was hard to come home to
*be so treated." She did not suggest
-critical Mafias, critical igno
rance °or stupidity. Siiyply she "sup
posed that the critics did not like her."
i There tvas the same line tolerance in
her .viewpoints throughout. There is.
in. fact, all sorts of curious strength
v- \u25a0 <i *visdom behind Alice Nielsen's baby
make-up. Here we have all known
that bjehind her demure deviltry lay a
large ambition. We have not known,
:nos^ of us,. of the long faithfulness to
an artistic ideal that has governed
the little singer's life. Nor have we
known of her reverent studentship, of
the long, stern sacrifice that has placed
her .where she is. Perhaps tlie Xielsen
dimple* have helped — why r. — pinee
singers must be seen a%= we!; . : heard?
4-nd I found in M;-> Nielsen a fine
grace of gratitude, a most wholesome
modesty, a largo courage, and, above
all. the •sweet reasonableness before
mentioned, that muFt hr.ye gone far to
contribute to her success.
In a word then «he disposed of the
New T<ork critics, and added blithely:
"But*S&n Francisco made up last night."
"Afraid?" to my inquiry. "I should
think I was afraid! Never was more
nervous in my life! Id had such a big
success in comic opera here, and I was
afraid you would think I didn't belong in
grand opera. But the minute after my
first scng^L kntw you were with me — oh,
Wit I was happy."
So were we, I told her. And how did
?he like our new Tivoli?
"It's lovely." said the o!d Tivolean.
"but" — this with a real sigh, "honestly I
missed the old house. It was such a dear,
homely, comfy old hole— wasn't it? But
this new olace is beautiful, like an Ital
ian theatejr" — she added, out of her new
knowledge.
"But it was at the old Tivoli you be
"That I rcallv began." she corrected.
Penitently she whispered then that she
was not a Californian. and I soared her
any further confession here. It was as
Yum Yum that her California career be
csn, and of aii piares at the Oakland
Theater. Before that— well, she told it
this way.
'We were very poor, you know, mother,
couldn't do anything to help me. I was
!•!)* youngest of eight, and the only one of
them that helped mother— the only one
that could help her." swiftly, this.
"Wasn't it nice I could? But 1 was in a
juvenile company when I was eight years
o'd. and — well. 1 feel I have been pretty
much grown-up ail my life." Then came
t!ie Oakland days, where those who re
member thing? remember a. round-eyed,
pig-tailrd girl going to and from the the
ater. Then came the Wigwam days in
San Francisco.
"I'm proud of that time." the little singer
Ijuis-h'd. "Imagine. I got $o a week for
f;inging # ballads, and doing condensed
«>ptra. And r.hat do you think? I gave
that up for «0 a week at the Tivoli. AND
the chance to pinf; 'real' things!" She did
rot say that sho was proud of that.
The nag"<* in "Nanon" was her first part
«t the Tivoli, she remembered. Then,
"everything."' She understudied every
body. She sang all sorts of parts. Sata-
IOXE OF Glt-PKPPI C'ADENAKSO'S CANVASES. PHOTOGRAPHED IN HIS .'STU
DIO AT 121 POST ST.,- AND SINCE ON EXHIBITION AT THE. PICTURE
SHOW OF THE KAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY OF ARTISTS.
nella was her first real chance. Seven
teen months of this, the Wigwam dan
gling its $90 a week meanwhile before her,
and then the Bostonlans heard her. "You
don't need to tell, but it was Lucia, in
English, that I was singing!— God forgive
me!" she laughed. Followed then Miss
Nielsen's well-known successes with the
Bostonians, and her after starring period
in "The Singing Girl" and ;'The Fortune
Teller." It was in "The Fortune Teller"
that she went to London, under the direc
tion of George Musgrove. And it was in
"The Fortune^Teller" that Henry Russell
heard her, and The Chance came.
Henry Russell! There was a big, beau
tiful gratitude in Miss Nielsen's voles as
she said the name. There was gratitude
in her hazel eyes, there was all gratitude
in her next qulpk words.
'There now — if you want an interview.,
there is one worth while. Oh, I simply
cannot tell you what Mr. Russell has
done for me. He has done everything.
He has taught me everything; he has
given me every "opportunity. It is only
right I should say this, that you should
understand it, that you should tell the
people about it."
"I had hoped Mr. Russell would be
here," I told her. The next minute she
was in the next room. There was a chat
ter of Italian, another evidently home
made Italian at the other end iher
maid), a click, a pause, a s»igh, and she
was back."
"Mr. Russell is out," she said, and "I
talk Italian like a Chinese, don't I?"
"I thought it pretty good last night,"
I told her.
"Caruso says it is good," Miss Nielsen
laughed, "but then he is very kind. He
is most kind. What do you think? He
came to meet me at the steamer at New
York and told the reporters how good I
was. He did it just to help me, I undexr
stand "
"Back to London." l ordered.
"It was~the queerest way I went to
Mr. Russell," she dutifully related then.
-One of my chorus girls went to study
with him, and she annoyed me to death
about this wonderful teacher of hers.
I suppose she annoyed him to death
about me. Then there was a man that
kept asking Mr. Russell to go to hear
me— Fernando Valero, another singer.
He told him — Mr. Russell did — that he
was sure I had 'a voice like a cat!' I
guess it was to get rid of them both that
he did come' to hear me at last."
"And went into raptures "
"Not so that you coulc notice it." Miss
Alice grinned. "In fact he said he didn't
know what kind of a voice it was. that
it was all tremolo in the middle, that
it was perhaps good in spots, that he
couldn't tel! because I wasn't singing
anything only that pitter patter! They
didn't like 'The Fortune Teller' in Lon
don anyway. They like the more deli
cate opera. But I had n. personal success
in it. in fact all the critics were picking
out parts that I ought to sing. They
were perfectly horrified at my flopping
up in the air and dancing a Cakewalk!"
But it was in the line of things that
Mr. Russell should again hear Miss
Nielsen. He came to her this time and
she san? "The King of Thule" for him.
"Then he told me that I ought to give
up comic opera, told me v.-hat he thought
I could perhaps do. and," Alice Nielsen's
little hands clasped themselves here,
"and — oh Lord! I thought, perhaps
here's the man that can help me. All my
life 1 had wanted this thing. But no one,
not one person had wished to elevate me.
They all thought I was good enough
where I was. but all the time I was
wanting, wanting this. I wasn't well
then. In London. And I had about given
up my ambition. And I had no money,
was tired out. was ill, remember. Then
this man took me — you can imagine that
I am grateful."
And' that was theeiid of Alice Niel
sen's comic opera career. She entered
then upon a course of study with Mr.
Russell, of which she speaks as a
priest of his rites. High breathing,
"like Meiba's and Sembrich's," is the
basis of his method, and for eight
weeks she did nothing else.
"After that," she recounts, and
opened her button of a mouth to show
as many of the pearly teeth as it
would, "he asked me to do that and
sing. Ah! There wasn't a sound! I'd
never used the proper vocal muscles."
And she sat there like little Miss
Muffet and talked of the psychological
side of the Russpll method. How she
studied all her roles 'without singing
a note, or rather, "singing them with
my brain." How she used "to hate to
be alone," but how now every mo
ment some new feeling or thought of
song is with her. "It's funny, isn't
it?" she said. "I'm not talking like a
lunatic, am I?"
\u25a0 "I'm listening like one, if you are,"
I encouraged.
Twenty-nine lessons a day Henry
Russell was giving in London, she told
me, and all these the famous teacher
had given up to direct Nielsen's career.
He took her first to Mancinelli to hear
her "voice In the raw." Mancinelli
encouraged. Then came the encour
agement of successful appearances in
Milan. Naples. After that came the
now famous London triumphs. Her
first London grand opera appearances
wero at Covent .Garden, under 'the
ConriPd direction. Here she sang the
Zerlina ('Don Giovanni".) and Su
zanne f"L* Nozze d! Figaro"). But her
teacher thought Miss Nielsen worthy
of bigger things, and himself pave -.a
fall season of grand opera at Covent
Garden Theater. with Caruso and
Maurcl of the company! "Rigoletto,"
THE(SAN,;TOANGISc6. .^AI^.; SUNDAY, .DECEMBER >ai. ; 1000.
PRETTY LITTLE OPERATIC STAH WHO HAS MADE A BIG HIT HERE, "WHERE SHE IS A FAVORITE, AND WHO EX
PRESSES HER DETERMINATION TO COMPEL. THE NEW YORK CRITICS TO LIKE HER AXD TO WRITE KIND THINGS
AHOUT HER WORK. ' . • .
they gave, with Caruso as the Duke;
Maurel as the Rigolctto, and "little
Alice as Gilda. There was "La 80-,
heme," with Caruso as Rudolfo, and
Nielsen as Mimi. There was "L'Amico
Fritz," "La Traviata," "Don Pasquale."
But it was in "II . Barbiore" and
"Don Pasquale" : that thfj . little Ameri
can ' won -her greatest, favor, "the
greatest performances of these operas
ever given in London." so .-.some "said.
Next . year, that is, last spring,' 1905,
Mr. Russell opened the new; Waldorf
Theater in London, with- Calve." Alice
Nielsen and Duse, singing ; and acting
against the Covent Garden grand op
era/. Calve, to sing /one '\u25a0'.night,? Duse
to act one, and Miss Nielsen to iap
pear Ithe third. Calves illness -made it
an alternate season of Duse and; Niel
sen,': however. An artistic 'success,
this, financially not so much so,' Miss
Nielsen told- me. Then New York, and
now San Francisco, where she began.
- "Would I do one thine, for hef?"ishe
asked me as I came away—^besides.ex
pressing. her gratitude to the man, tbat
has done so much. for her.
I would, many, things.
Then would I say .that Mr.' Russell
Studio gossip at Home and Abroad, One Message Hailing From Paris
Robert I. Aitken, debonair; "Bobby,"
whose first modelings were wrought ; in
the back yard of ' the old Lincoln School
round the corner— hallowed by many ; a
well-known* San Franciscan as 'the scene
of his first "llckin"— ls fulfilling promises
in Paris. . '
A fit to Rome and] Florence" crystallized
the \u25a0 Imagery ,in the mind .of the young
sculptor and sent him back to Paris
aflame with '- desire for , work.;
At once he went a-chlsellne at_ marble^
a-chlseling a picture from' a great block
of blue-veined stone from - the quarries
of Italyi.
Just what the picture is-^-or " will . be—
is not vouchsafed us yet.S but that it 'is
a serious expression ot the new ideals of
the' virile young Westerner -is evident
from his frequent allusions ; to it.'. -. ". •'
He writes i that we_ shall; know; all -about
it in May,\which is ; an o'er; pretty.! time
to ':\u25a0; bring ."' a .', creation ' "; to V* ; maturity^-the
blossoming time, the tima of i beautiful
fulfillment. -'.[
woiildj be : glad to hear the San Fran
cisco girls', voices, and say that. they
might* come: to. him at the St. Francis,
and -that he -was here on a voyage of
discovery? .:
/'What'does 'ho. think of the ' Ameri
can-voice?" I asked, finally.,
"Tliat it is the finest in the world,"
the, small soprano averred. ';
ATTRACTIONS AT THE ;
LOCAL PLAY-HOUSES
'.'Moiina Vanna," the Maeterlinck play in
troduced here this week by Nance O'Neil,
has "created such- extraordinary- interest
that It will be continued during the com
ing week.' No. recent production of a play
here, from the point ' pure 'and simple of
the "' ; play . itself,* ha? ,& roused ' such . atten
tion, as has- 'greeted this Maeterlinck
drama; - It -; has gained much ' also in ; the
acting since Monday night, and -would
indeed carry'by its own: native wealth' of
beauty with -a -much inferior interpreta
tion than is given to it by. Miss :O"Nell
\u25a0.Looking/b ack over, -the;, eloquent but
sometimes -primal creations of, his earlier
career, ' I cannot /- dissociate him , with
Byron-rthe media of the ; men alone mark
ing their 'difference. .' .: \u25a0'\u25a0
. We shall look ;to May.' for a - comblete
fulfillment of a 'prophecy— that' young
Aitken" will some day. make the; world
knew him. ' : ,<:\ "
» \u25a0#\u0084.'•
•" Haig,Patigian,,who became possessed [or
young ' "Bobby's" ; studio when ,he packed'
his '; suit case for. Paris, -has '/just put the
final [ touches ' upon ', the clay/ model . for the
monument . to\Wllliam ;\u25a0 McKinley that, r ln
bronze." will;; dominate^ the: little town of
"Arcata, *,- Mendoclno\Countyr, :v-".;: v-".; C '. '••-.;*\u25a0'
;\u25a0\u25a0? Dignified simple,^ tender.; 'yet^strbngr,'
joyous ; but \ reflective, r the 7 character > of
the martyred ;' President • has ' been ; molded
into the'cold^clay. " - - v
The; casting ',. of the . Patigian ; statue will
be' awaited' with' much f interest,'; when \ the"
public-r-such r of lit- as '\u25a0\u25a0 cares—may 'view -it
before i it; goes :,tbVits f Arcata home.
A cle\«r -chap ;is this • young • sculDtor.'
and hrr confrorss. The production itself
is unusually . handsome from the picture
side. '
\u25a0'\u25a0"— r^jVy' • ' • , •
The Tivoli will have Alice Ncilsen again
( this 'afternoon" for the second and last
performance of "Don Pasquale." The
singer- has -'.won a splendid success, as
Noriria, and ~the tenor, Signor Pratti, is
excellent. in the support.
To-n*Kht the regular Christmas bill of
the Tivoli will be given, the "Orpheum
IriJ Hades', '.'! and will be distinguished by
the, reappearance of Teddy Webb.
The Columbia management is happy in
having" persuaded Mr. -W. 11. Crane -to
givo a ' New Year's evo performance of
"The. American Lord," the gay Broad
hurnt; comedy in which Mr. Crane is now
appearing:. The piece goes for; all this
week and will doubtless meet .with the
handsome patronage so far afforded it.
This afternoon and to-night the Alcazar
will-\give''the final performances of "The
Prince and the Pauper," in which little
OMie Cooper has. w,on such handsome sue
cfsa. \u25a0.. t
The .week's bill is farcical, the-.mirth-
of a r wholly different type from his friend
Aitken— so Is. his .work of different type.
;' At the, recent. Arts and Crafts show, at
the St. i Francis, a girl : sculptor— Grace
Butier— ehowecl some evidence : of ability
in a *»w' simple;poVtraits.Sherrill Scriell,"
the \\ good-looking, young society man,
among the number. SSH
; Jules Mersf elder, back from the pungent
pines ' S 6t' Oregon, has set up; his easels In
thelfArgonaut building, where he has
buckled down to r hard \u25a0 work, '.using ,'sbme
of,. the sketches ;dohe during ?his absence
f rom ;V to wri-^-although*; Uhe Mersfelder
methods are fout-of-doors.
Giuseppi ' Cadenasso has at > last; come
into \ his. ; own, '[ and it \ is ; a .cheerful \ fellow
who bids - you ; welcc me at \ thc'studio door,
f orlisuccess ; has! knocked \ there.
.iThlsT'good-looklngf: Bohemian, of the
flowinß, tie, .thinks ; in" color," though he
probably Tdoesn't know it.
Ay look; at his recent pastels-^the
marshes' at v sunrise and at J sunset— and
you' will \u25a0agree with \ me.t No T opal * ever, re^
PARTINGTON
provoking "A Stranger in a Strange
Land.'. I . . ; /.. \u25a0 \u25a0 '\ •
• « - - •
New Year's .day. will be most appropri
ately ushered: In at the Majestic by Miss
Amelia Gardner in rone of her best roles
In '-'When We' Were Twenty-one." Miss
Gardner- made, many -friends while she
was here and i will . doubtless be warmly
welcomed ., to-morrow. - afternoon. .
"A Fight for. Love" will be fought- for
the* last l time to-night at the -Alhambra.
/.'The Heart^of 'Maryland." beginning
With ".to-morrow, afternoon's
running -the rest of the week.- '" 1 .
The New. Central; now fairly under
way. will present this week Ralph Stu
art's romantic - drama, , "By ' Right ! of
Sword." in which the author-actor re
cently won 1 a considerable success. '
The Orphoum- Road Show, now in its
second and last week, will have . a dis
tinguished, addition this week In the erst
while preacher. Edwards Davis, once of
Oakland, who comes now In' his more
appropriate role of actor. Mr. Davis may
be. ; trusted; as always. • for good acting,
and is' said to bring a little company, and
a little tragedy -that have recently- made
no smalt sensation in vaudeville.
"Cleopatra Un-to^Date" will be given
for the last time to-day and to-morrow at
the Chute?. On Tuesday the whole spe
cialty bill will be resumed, this week's
including- Cliff Farrell. the Salvini Broth
ers' Gaiety Girls, Ruby Hawkins and
Polly Hazel and Nellie Montgomery.
"The Merchant of Venice." "The Tam
ing of the Shrew" and "Twelfth Night"
will be the new Shakespearean delights
that Julia, Marlowe and E. H. Sothern
will bring to us this seasoriTas they are
now delighting the East. The commenda
tion extraordinary has been bestowed upon
both players in all of their roles. Like
wise, hopefully, much discussion of new
phases of their interpretations has been
aroused. Their "Taming of the Shrew,"
in particular, has been the subject of the
most varied comment. It- is played in
the broadest comedy key, by all account,
and to this some of the more conserva
tive critics have taken active exception.
Migs Marlowe, one of the /foremost
Shakespearean .students in America— or,
for that matter, anywhere— has taken ex
ception to the exception. Here is her
wise and -witty comment:
"It may well be questioned whether one
who attempts the new; the unexpected In
any department of art should not - abide
by whatever comments the result evokes,
lookirg to another rather than to the
present day. for a. just appreciation. It Is
well known that so eminent -a 'critic as
William Hazlitt was betrayed into the se
rious blunder of grossly denouncing the
intensely tragic Shylock of Edmund Kean
simply because frcm youth he had .only
seen the role interpreted as a comic, gro
tesque, figure, a subject for laughter.
,"Mr. Sothern and myself are In the midst
of an experience parallel^-with that ot
Kean." As far back as one may go "The
Taming of -the Shrew' — ever overdeco
rously enshrined as a classic beneath the
aureole cf the name Shakespeare— has
been : performed as if it were of classical
comic .fiber— comparative in dignity and
grace to 'As You Like If or to 'Twelfth
Night.' .Its true fcplrlt has been lost be
cause of the incongruous austerity with
which such performances have clothed it,
and utterly .iway frcm j these renditions
of years past has been theccntral Idea of
its author, who! as a keen theatrical man
ager, wrote this play for ah Elizabethan
audience,-'-'; which he' knew 'only too well
possessed to the full the wild, furious, hi
larious" seiii.o of .Elizabethan farce-come
dy. It is diißeult to reconcile the sub
due*]. <;ignifiod. restrained interpretation
of fee playi either? with the text itself or
with the ctinion cf any reputable com
mentators.
"In - a'l v these, such as Fleay, Ward,
Fur ni vail and our own American Furniss.
the invariable sayinsr is that 'this is the
only "oread farce-comedy- with' which
Shakespeare's name 'is connected.* . Why
should -these .admitted authorities in
Shhkespeareana irake so sharp a dis
tinction between the spirit of the 'joyous*
comedies and this palpable farce, unless
the context of the latter demand that it
be given in. a different spirit than the
former? nowever, we rest the justiflca
tion'of our ideas on nothing le3s substan
tial than the authoritative folio edition of
1G23. We. rely on no 'other authority than
Shakespeare's" own text. By this we do
not mean the Booth edition, which was
so cut and altered that it could be played
as an.afterpiece. afterpiece to 'The Merchant of
Venice': .'nor that of the late Augustin
Daly, .which retained the spurious Induc
tion, .deipito' the "fact that it is utterly
unrelateci to . the play proper, but other
v.-ise interpolated . and transposed the
text;, nor • the Winter version, which is
hcjivily. -interlarded with long passages
utterly f.;rcieii to Shakespea.re'9 original
text. Hut we mean the text itself, a? it
roost probably left the' poet's hands and
as it was printed with his stage directions
in the year 1623.
"All we ask of those who disagree with
our interpretation of . the play is to read
the text, and particularly its stage direc
tion—holps-that are very seldom found in
any of the poet's plays. It is our tempo
rary misfortune to be offering our public
the real.text'of Shakespeare, devoid of the
conventionalities and V traditions with
which it! has been incumbered for years;
and to our surprise; many persons have
failed to recognize it. [We have abandoned
a commonly admitted spurious and cer
tainly wholly unrelated .'. Induction; Jwe
havc^given the text absolutely without an
interpolates line^. and we have acted it in
a spirit plainly in accord with the au
thor's stage directions, and with its in
dubitably farcical nature— but so ingrained
is the Impression : left by former miscon
ceptions," perversions 'and un-Bhakespear
ian Shrews ' that ,we do not ' look - for ; its
universal acceptance and appreciation. /
" "It needs but: an appeal to the text !to
demonstrate that Katharine was tamed,
vealed more exquisite colorings \ than
those pastel skies. ;
Is the sense of color an index of feel
ing?. . .
Personally, I think it is— not only
among painters; but among the rest of us.
• • •
Frederick" Junior has just returned from
thoV East; - where/ he took A with him a lot
of " California pictures, among Tthem H.
.W.{ Hansen's ."Calling Hia Bluff." \u25a0 "Cat
tle Adrift lin• an Icy Gale,". "Running • for
Cover,". .'"A" Short : Cut.*: ."Running -for
and \"The .Bronco-Buster"— every one .ot
which,was sold, and : at a good 'figure.
; Pittsburg {"evidently -doesn't -spend all
its spare'ehangetupon risque dinners and
stage • beauties, -. for, nearly • half of the col
lection taken East; stayed 1 there; so ;. it
really^, can't Ibe fas bad fas ".it's painted.
;. Henry -Raschen's big canvas. "In Am
bush". ,was. readily, disposed Tof, as were
pictures by Sidney Yard, J.M. Griffin,
Gofdan Coutts/^ Chapel Judson . and A.
Jorinevbld— furnishing Van " ample' reason'
why * San": Francisco should pat her. paint
ers ; on" the i back r and' urge them 'to ; work
harder'and • yat , : harder. Their reputation
\u25a0wn y hum— \u25a0\u25a0 k \u25a0ii|Bi mina «mm 9 *
not so much by physical overbearance as
by the - arousing of her sense of humor
and of the ridiculous. As Furnlvall says,
Petruchid is a kind of Faulconbrldge in
farcically making himself out worse
than he really Is.' He is a practical
joxer, and so wild and furious are his ex
ploits off the stage that for climactic ef
fect it is difficult to parallel them on the
stage. There, take it to you, tr«ncher9,
cups and all.', wrote the poet, and Imme
diately followed it with the stage direc
tion, 'throw the meat about the stage."
In act ll.' scene. I. Hortenslo Is de
scribed as 'Enter Hortensio with a broken
head.* In the same act Katharine is* first
' described as striking Bianca, and in the
. rarne scene the stage direction reads.
'Flies after Bianca.' In this act, too, the
indicated 'business' for Kath^ine in her
scene with Petruchio is that 'She strikes
him.' And "bo *on throughout the play
wherever the poet la at pains to Indicate
stage directions it Is but to emphasize so
turbulent, impetuous a spirit that it i?
difficult to keep pace with* the .very cx
i trava'gance he Himself intended the farco
should possess.
! : ~ "It is an elementary fact that none of
I the poet's plays— lndeed, almost none of
his great 'roles— ls capable of but a single
interpretation. Their glory and delight
at each new appearance upon the stage
are the care, the deliberation, the new in
sight, the novelty with which one actor
views a part, in distinction, perhaps i:i
spite, of the appeal it might have macl«
to another> We can enjoy the frieze of
Giotto on the La.it Supper no less than
that of Leonardo da Vinci, despite the fact
that one is quite different in conception
from, the other. But it is the province <>f
the well disciplined mind and particularly
of him who speaks with the voice of au
thority, to recognize the resptctive virtue
of each. JULIA MARLOWE."
«
GRAND OPERA SEASON
TO OPEN AFTER LENT
Charles W. Strine. on behalf of Heinrich
Conried. president and managing director
of th 9 Conried Metropolitan Opera Com
pany, announces that arrangements h«fre
just been completed which will give to
San Francisco the most ambitious season
of grand opera in its musical history.
Th* season will be given by the Conried
Metropolitan Opera Company at the
Grand Opera-house. It will begin on
Easter Sunday. April 16. 1906, and will
continue for two weeks and will include
sixteen performances. Grand operas of
French, German and Italian schools will
be presented in a manner that will admit
of no comparison with any lormer sea
son, save alone the remarkable series of
performances given under Sir. Conried's
direction here last season, the memory of
which is still fresh in the minds of mu
sical San Franciscan*.
Mr. Strine, under whose local manage
ment the San Francisco season will be
given, and whose opinion of San Fran
cisco as the greatest musical city of it*
size in the world, has been vindicated by
the financial and artistic results of other
notable seasons here, says: S|S4
"After much argument I Induced Mr.
Conried and his general business man
ager, Ernest Goerlitz, to consider the
giving of the season which is now ar
ranged for. At the conclusion of the
series of performances In San Francisco
by the Conried Company last spring, I
broached the matter to them, but they
scarcely believed that It was possible to
obtain such results as were then secured
with only a year intervening between the
seasons. I called to their minds my ex
periences with the Melba tour and the
engagement of the Ellis Opera Comparrr
of 1808-90, and likewise the experiences of
Mr. Grau and the Metropolitan Opera
Company in 1900 and 1901.
"San Franciscans will doubtless recall
the fact, then exploited in all the news
papers, that the twelve performances of
the Conried season in 1905 far outclassed
in financial results any series ever given
here. To convince Mr. Conried that an
other season in the spring of ISO 6 was
l'kely to surpass even that astonishin;-,'
result was by no means an easy task.
I finally brought Mr. Goerlitz to my way
of thinking, and "together we then pre
vailed upon Mr. Conried to consider tlu
subject.' It may not be amiss to remind
the people, of this city that the Metropoli
tan opera season in New York cov«rs a
period of seventeen weeks. Besides/ thi.<
It includes fourteen performances in Phil
adelphia, only ninety miles away, which
is compelled to put up a very large ca3h
guarantee to induce the Metropolitan im
presario to include that city In his* plans.
"This city, however, has always re
sponded so magnificently to the offering*
of the great opera companies that no
manager has ever had the temerity to
exact or even request a guarantee, not
withstanding that San Francisco Is "over
three thousand miles from New York.
But nevertheless the risk of bringing an
organization of 25J people, including prin
cipals, orchestra, chorus, ballet and me
chanical forces, together with every ac
coutermen£ that goc3 to make up th"
personnel of a grand opera company, a
distance of 5200 miles is a tremendous
undertaking, and only the magnificent
manner in which San Francisco always
responds to such evidences of faith in
her ability to support the greatest of the
world's singing organizations Induced "Mr.
Conried to consider my\ requests for an
other big opera season.
"The particulars of the engagement will
soon be forthcoming. Herr Conried .will
send to the Pacific Coast the greatest as
semblage of artists he has ever cailcd
together. The company will include many
of the famous singers of last year's sea
son, including SJgnor Caruso and also
some renowned strangers. The repertoire
will include the 'Ring' and 'The Queen
of Sheba.' in which the new American
singer. Mine. Rappold, has made such a
hit. The Grand Opera-house management
has co-operated with us to the extent of
renting us their splendid theater and as
In former sessions will contribute all they*
possibly can to the success of th« com
ing one.
Laura Bride Powers
must be sustained.
Mr. Junior, informs me that as soon as
he can gather together another high-class
collection, , including other names , than
those of, the first .venture, he will go East
again, for there he finds a warm welcome
for. California painters— and ready buyers.
'. Herein might be a suggestion to somo
good San. Franciscans, who are surround
ing themselves with a lot. of European
Junk; known. to the trade as "pot boiler*."
• • •
A letter from Walter H. Pritchard.'the
interesting young Irishman who visited
San " Francisco last spring, and who is
now sketching in Tahiti, tells o' the mar
velous scenes in the dark blue caverns of
the' sea, where towering *El Capltans"
rise froni the ' bed of the ocean, beflow
ered "and enfolded .with most marvelous*
growths of kelp and seaweed. Strangely
shaped fish, colored like' prisms In the
sunlight, glide about, wholly undisturbed
by the presence ot the divers among them.
. Mr. Pritchard will bring back s some of
these weird beauties of the sea, to be de
veloped 'i in the clever manner that won
him such waxm commendation last jr*ar. *
2324
THE
SEQUOIANS
TWELFTH
NIGHT
SALLY SHARP
\u25a0 Sho»t":d j-cu chance to meet a Sequoian
these days don't stop 'him, or even her.
For it's 10 to 1 that Uie costumer's wait
ing for *a fitting, and the rig; must be
r^ady for the.austero and hypercritical
rye of Amedee Joullin, who as Director
of Costumes must pass judgment upon j
its fitness to enter into the clubs Twelfth
Night Carnival.
As the "Twelfth Night" falls upon Sat
urday next, the anoirnt festival will fill \
the night— only until midnight, of course j
—with fun and good cheer.
The club members must come in some
character of Shakespeare and no dupli
cates will be permitted, lest, indeed. Wil
liam himself has done so. And this un
interesting duplication is to be avoided
by a clever scheme of the committee, to
n horn every secret must be confided, and
in time for emendations.
The committee having the affair in
charge is made up as follows: Mrs. Flor
ence Porter PfingFt '.chairman*. William
CJrcer Harrison, Mrs. Elizabeth Gerber
•3ing, Mrs. Linda H. Bryan. Royden Wil- j
iiamson. Barnett Franklin and Charles
H. Lombard, secretary— a thrice busy lot
of folk, urho will make the thing "go" if
from no other impetus than that of their
own personalities.
It has been whispered about that there's j
been a suspicious run upon the male
characters whose garb permits of long,
flowing robes. But one thing is certain,
there are some Sequoians whose anatomy
wtU permit of the tights of the Renais
s-ance. as revealed in the recent "Mer
chant of Venice." But Saturday night
will tell the whole beautiful story.
Why, bless them, they all — or nearly all
—want to be queens. Or else nuns.
Aside from the fun the club Is getting—
nnd will get— out of the thing, it has an
olucatiunaJ value that wasn't reckoned
with.
For it's a safe g:\mble that those Se
quoia people know more about the Bard
of Avon now than when they started out
to find a character they wanted— and that
>.jinc other fellow hadn't pre-empted.
The festival promises to be the gayest
thins the club has ever done, aided and
abetted by the artist element in it wTfich
The following is. a roster of the leading
Mrs. James Follls. hostess at a chil
dren's party in honor of her son, Ralph
<?vrin Follis.
Mr. and Mrs. Krnest Albert Stent en
ter! eined in honor of the christening of
their daughter. Frances Rcis. j
Captain and Mrs. A. M. Burns enter- j
tamed in honor of the host's eightieth
Mrs. Florence Land May, tea hostess at j
Mrs. George Law Smith, hostess at a
MONDAY.
Mr. and Mrs. Ritchie Dunn entertained
at a dinner. !
Mr. and Mrs. Edson Adams entertained I
at a Christmas house party at their home j
in Oakland.'
Mrs. Henry Wetherbee. hostess at a i
dinner at her home in Fruitvalc in honor
of Mr*. Susan Lincoln Mills.
e Mlss Beatrice Fife, hostess at a large
tea at her home on California street.
Wedding of Miss Gertrude Jack and •
Charles Kaetzei at the home of the]
i;rido's parents in Santa Barbara. ;
William Bourn, dinner host at the Pal- i
Weddinp of Miss Edith Ralston "of In- j
diana and Lieutenant Bain of the En- '
trincer Corps, U. K. A.
J Mrs. Thomas Prather, hostess at a'i
Christmas party for boy s and girls in j
Armory Hall, Oakland, assisted by Mr. i
rind Mrs. Sam Prather, Mr. and Mrs! Har- |
rison Clay. Mr. and Mrs. Harry East •
Miller. Mr. ami Mrs. Ganhwaite, Mr. and, 1
Mrs. M. J. Haley and Miss Prather Sr. ]
Mr. ar><V Mrs. Henry Clarence Breedon I
< rtcrtained at a small dinner In their I
home: \u25a0 - j
Miss Susan Ertz, hostess at a Christ- !
mas dance in her home, entertaining Miss i
Dorothy Dustan. Miss Elsa Draper. Miss j
Beatrice Fife, Miss Frances Stewart. '<
Miss Gertrude Russell. Lieutenant Rollo
Anderson. Lieutenant Willis G. Peace. !
Arthur Fennimore and Ralph Renaud.
Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff entertained
at a dinner at the Palace Hotel, the
quests Including Judge and Mrs. Camp
bell. Mr. and Mrs. George Downey, Mr.
and Mrs. John Breunor, Miss Campbell
and Miss Florence ClufT.'
The Misses Deal entertained at an in
lormal Christmas party.
Miss Marcia Warren, hostess at an in
formal Christmas party entertaining: Miss
Mary Marriner, Miss Katherine Strlckler,
Miss Rachel Warren; Lieutenant Allen,
U. S. N.; Edward Torney, Frank Torney
and Charles Warren.
TUESDAY
Dr. J. Wilson Shiels. guest of honor at
a farewell dinner at the Bohemiam Club,
the guests including Dr. Shiels, Dr. Ar
nold Genthe, Courtenay Ford, Charles
Dickman, iheodore Vogt, MacKenzie
Gordon, Allan Dunn. Enrique Grau, Louis
Brochemin, Vail Bakewell, James McNab,
Ernest Simpson, Judge Lawlor, Rilfv
Hardin, William H. Smith Jr., Paul
Cowles, George W. Fletcher, David Bush,
H. C. Fassctt and Noble Eaton.
Mr. and Mrs. William Pierce Johnson
entertained at a dinner dance at their
home in Oakland in honor of their daugh
ter. Miss Anine Johnson,' the dinner
guests including Miss Roma Paxton, Miss
Eisa Schilling. Miss Ruth Kales, Miss
Rose Kales. Miss Sevilla IJayden. Miss
Ruth liougtilon. Miss Phelps, Miss Cor
nelia Stratton, Messrs. Rudolph Schilling,
Frank Kales, Coogan Houghton, Philip
Bowles. Roger Chickering.
Mrs. Edward Barron, hostess at a lunch
eon in the Palm Garden honoring Miss
Laura McKinstry.
Mrs. Robert Watt, hostess at a Christ
mas party in the New Century clubhouse,
Oakland.
Mrs. Henry Edwards Huntington, host
ess at a theater party in honor of Dr. and
Mrs. Walter Gibbons.
Wedding of Miss Frances May Sanborn
and Dr. JohiwCroekett Newton in Grac*
Methodist Episcopal Church.
WEDNESDAY.
Colonel Thomas Wain-Morgan Draper,
host at a large dance In honor of his
daughter. Miss Elsa Draper, at the New
Golf and Country Club.
California Club, host at its annual
breakfast in the clubhouse.
Mrs. Edward Saunders at home on
Green street in honor of her sister, Mrs.
Gordon Raymond.
Forum Club, Christmas jinks, with the
president. Mrs. Fredericks, as hostess.
Miss Hekn Dornin, hostess at an at
home in Oakland, entertaining Miss Bes
sie Reed, Miss Katherine Kutz, Miss Cla
risse Lohse, Miss Anita Thomon, Miss
Charlotta Hall. Miss Sevilla Hayden, Miss
Gertrude Russell, Miss Evelyn Hussey.
Miss Lillian Wright; Paymaster James
Kutz, U. S. N.; Jerome Davis. Lieutenant
Charles Soule, William Hule, Dr. G. W.
Manchester, Edward Davis, Dr. H. C.
Jarvis, Dr. Fred Davis.
THURSDAY
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, hostess at an
elaborate dinner-danoe in honor of her
granddaughter, Miss Genevleve Harvey;
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew L. Stone enter
tained at a large dinner-dance at the
Claremont Country Club, Oakland.
Ofllcers and ladies of the Presidio and
general hospital entertained at a large
hop at the Presidio.
Miss Laura Farnsworth, hostess at an
eggnog party at her home on Washington
street. -
Mrs. Charles Plummer -Perkins, hostess
at an eggnog party aboard the Pensacola
at Yerba Buena.
Guslave Sutro, dinner host at his apart
ments on Broadway, entertaining a dozen
guests.
FRIDAY.
Mrs. Henry Payot at home at 922 Ellis
street.
Nile Club Christmas jinks in Oakland.
Mrs. William G. Morrow, hostess at a
luncheon at her home in Sausalito in
honor of Miss Mabel Bacon of Santa Bar-"
bara.
SATURDAY
Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Hickman enter
tained at cards and a dance in their
Sausalito home.
The Saturday Evening Dance Class en
tertained at a cotillon In Cotillon Hall.
Miss Sevilla Haydn, hostess at a large
party at her home. ln Oakland.
Mr; and Mrs. J. H. Morehouse held a
reception in their San Leandro home in
honor of Miss Leone Lantz.
Miss Marian Walsh,, hostess at a New
Year's dance in her home in Linda Vista,
Oakland.
One "of the most courted debritantes
of the winter Is Miss Frances . Stewart,
whose formal coming-out has been
followed by an avalanche -of "honors"
— if. they be not termed "fatigues."
It is one of the mysteries of life
how the dear girls stand . the strain
of days and night'sof "going." But
they do, and *what is • more, thrive
One of the hostesses of last week was
Miss Maud Smith, who,; with her beau
tiful mother. Mrs." George Law Smith;
entertained at a dinner party at' their
Jackson-street home.
-/ •\u25a0".-..' " \u25a0 •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, . DECEMBER V.3I. 1905.
A' MUCHLY FETED DKBCTANTE OF. THE WINTER "A' CHARMING YOCN-G DIX
NER HOSTESS. . ANI> A CLEVER YOUNG MATRON WHO HAS JUST RE
TURNED FROM AN INTERESTING TRIP THROUGH THE. EASTERN STATES
For many months Mrs. Smith had
been very ill, but is_riow regaining. her
strength. With : Miss - Maud. . who sis : her
constant companion, she drives daily, and
is beginning to resume her social ac-
After «i delightful trip East, where
they visited relatives in Buffalo . and
New York, Mr. and Mrs.; William Ij.
Hughson have returned— and," as with all
good Callforniana.glad'.to get' back. Dur
ing their time in Buffalo they were the
guests of Mr. Hughson'B parents at
their handsome Summer-street home.- .
Mrs. Hughson; has muuh> to say :in
praise of the, beautiful Twentieth Cen
tury Clubhouse, /where she was .often 7 a
guest. Thisis said: toibe one^bf the
finest. women's 'clubhouses.' in \. the
United States^j: ';:. r
Quite the towering events ; of the
week ' were ' the :' dinner.- dances *of ; Miss
Elsa Draper and ' Miss '\u25a0 Gerievieve Har r
yey, with" the; Presidio darice close up.
Colonel Draper" 1 is one of ;:the :."dan-l
dlest" papas v in -'town— Hsvery.- :girl
arotind the; bay^knows'. that, and [.- isn't
a bit ! backward in citing' 'blm.'ito her
papa as a worthy example.
He knows j. just what to. do :to give
the young' people a good time, and he
doesiit Tight unto the 'handle. ,
The 1 ball of Wednesday night at the
new- San ,' Francisco ; Golf • ./ Club house,
was a worthy successor; to the' Jiffair.
given at , the Bohemian- Club 'last*' year, j
inpo^int of deoprations, music and gen-*'
eral good fun. \u0084- . - . ,
The following were among the guests
invited,^ most of whom went down by
special car provided by Hhe host: ': Miss
Helen .de Young, ! 'Miss V Constance^ de
Young, i Miss ' Roma" Paxton, Mi^s Susan
Eitz, Miss »Mary Eltz, I Miss -Edna Davis,'
Ml£<s Helen Bailly,<MisK Jeanriette Wright,'
Miss! Marion VVVright, Miss Gebrgie" Speik- '
er.V -Miss Mary .Marriner. Miss? Edith
Berry,; Mlss^Gertrude''; Russell.. Miss Fran T
ce S ' Ste wart; : M Miss Etelka>Williar. ' Miss
Dorothy Dustan, \u25a0 Miss Maud Pay'ne7 Miss
Beatrice Fife^Jerome B." : Landfield,' Count
<!«*\u25a0 la Rocca,* ; Courtney . Ford, ' Frank Cor
busicr,;-'Dr. James*-. Pressley,". liieiitenant
•Higgiris, \u25a0)- Mil Jor \u25a0- Stephenson, '! Edward -M. ;
Gr«en\yay, Sherry : Schell,'; Philip? Paschel,
Lieutenant 'Anderson,- ; Herbert* Bonnlfield,
Arthur - Fennimore," .Clarence /Eltz',. \u25a0; Alan
-Dimond^EV*erett'ißeVV-A.lmeV^Newhall. r;
Edward Torney, Arthur W. Foster, Ed
ward Davis, Lieutenant William Peace,
Frederick Greenwood. William. Powell,
Charles , Norris, Roy Somers, William
Goldsborough and Ec others. \ '
; Another joy to the hearts of the young
and to those others who love the gayeties
of thin life be!ow is Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin, just the "dandiest" grandma round
these dlggin's. whose -nearest second, is
Mrs. Abby Parrott.
The grandma of the Harvey girls has
made their coming out a roseate memory.
Who will forget the ball la.=t year at th>;
St. Francis, in honor of .Miss Anita? And
now comes the home dance at the Broad
way mansion in j honor of Miss Gene
vleve, quite the smartest affair of the
week in town.
Miss Genevleve is a thoughtful looking
maid, of. ; rather good height and more
picturesque in style than hcr'sister, who
affects severe and classic lines of garb.
Both are distinctly smart looking.
5 Speaking of debutantes, somehow they
don't seem to be so very gay at affairs
given in their honor. The married belles
capture most of the attention— such of it
as the bachelor, maids leave. So the poor
little debutante oftc>n looks as if she
would rather be home in bed.
But let her be consoled.
Some day she'll. be a married belle, or a
bachelor maid, j "1 VJ
\u2666 * \u25a0 \u25a0 -. »
The tea of pretty Mrs. Milton Pray
at the Plymouth is one of the big
thing's on next Tuesday. ,:
Mrs. Ada Rotner Shawhan enter
tained a merry little party at her
studio yesterday at: luncheon, whereat
"La Bohenie," her now, famous picture
of local painters and musicians, was
greatly admired.
To-morrow will give ' forth ' revelry
and celebration after the older custom:
a .; general revivification of past meth
od's to come to view. Doors are to : be
wide ajar all. along.th e highway 'of
the;smart set,; who . will j bid many
/ruests" to .rejoice 1 with -trie incoming
year.. '-)
Mrs. W. P. Redington will receive
from 4' to 6, and, additionally, to tho
season's hospitality, will honor Mrs.
Walter^ Gibbons • (Hazel ', Xoonan) for
the day. w. Kv'h , ; . \u25a0
The home of the Joseph Duggans
will . also afford much cordiality dur
ing the evening 1 , their house on ; Pa
cific avenue being well arranged .for
entertaining:. . . •
> The . Alameda County contingent -are
planning for good fun, the Claremont
Country Club not to be by; any, means
least in Its outlining of entertainment.
The club portals will swing open between
2. and. a.' i .
Mr. and ; Mrs. W. S. Palmer of Oak
land -will be ;.; at home afternoon , and
evening, while Arbor Vilia, the splendid
place of the F. M. Smiths, will be
tilled with guests. :
San Mateo offers her. hospitality
more openly: than ever before, and.to
morrow :will .- see -.various stream's ." of
callers- crossing, paths. \u25a0" \u25a0'
The younger set will, hold sway In that
pretty suburban . town \u25a0 with the approach
of night, {for a' merry dance Is arranged
and half- a hundred fledglings will delve
into", the whirl under.the supervision of
prominent patronesses.
. For the coming few days, over the, time
of \u25a0festivity,' house parties from San Fran
cisco will -be held at San Mate.o by Mrs.
Philip Lansdale, Mrs. Richard Glrvin and
Mrs. Frederick King. V
Of New Year's news there is none pleas
anter-than-the anr.ouneeiripnt of Miss Ur
sula : Stone's- marriage, 'which will take
place to-morrow. near Manila, ..to Lieuten
ant Daniel Edward Shean. Ninth Infan
try,.:«.U."v^S:v'\ At Mrs.; Stone,! .with' liei
daughter,' has just reached the islands and
the ceremony will take place at the home
of 'herTson,; Lieutenant Bertody Stone Jr.,
at Fort McKlnley.
; after ; the wedding Lieu
"teriaht Shean ; will, take, his^bride.to South
ern-Luzon/-where his regiment 13 'sta
tioned at ! Cucena; '\u25a0' '
; Mr.' arid ; Mrs. William Ede are enter
taining .to-day/at a formal teaVprior- to
their departure for a- lengthy; trip abroad,
whercVtheV Orient; ,; Australia \u25a0 arid Hawaii
will" flgufej largely in, their J travels.' They
leave ;. onV January! ,4-v and "many callers
wlll^ fill ; the* Ede home on Seventeenth
street. to-day. : ; ' - '
« -- * .\u25a0-- \u2666
,-, Mrs.; Edward Barron has announced -the'
date ; for her : cotillon at ! the Palace to- be
January 10. At that time many of the
younger set will be gathered to enjoy a
delightful evening in -honor "of Miss Mar
garet Barron.
Mrs. Charles Joss'elyn will entertain on
Tuesday at bridge. Informally opening
the year's second day with- the acceptable
game.
The De Young home will be filled with
much merriment to-night., amid - which
there will be no small amount of clever
ness, for our smfart set, as Is well known,
abounds in talent: of many descriptions,
much of which will be on view at this
evening's proceedings.
After the programme a dance will take
place in the spacious ballroom. 19C6 to be
initiated and welcomed right merrily.
The younger set will enjoy a merry lit—
the luncheon in the -near future at St.
Dunetan's, with Miss Eleanor Landers as
hostess. r - ' .^::
-An early event of the new year will be
a large tea given by Mrs. David Mont
gomery Crabtree, to take place at the St.
Francis. . \u25a0 \u25a0
Since her marriage *to the rector of the
Episcopal church at Redwood City Mrs.
Crabtree has stayed closely in h«»r new
home, and this affair will mark her first
formal entertaining. A large number of
invitations will be issued.
Senator and Mrs. Herbert Holman of
Portland, Or., are spending the holidays
in San ' Francisco and vicinity.
The Yuletide found them at the Pleas
anton home of Mr. -and Mrs. Lewis Crel
lin, and to-morrow evening Mr. and Mrs.
Haln-inri \fill be the guests of honor at a
dinner given by Mr. and Mrs. E. XV. Crel
lin at the Empire.
- Among those bidden to meet tha visitors
are Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Crellln. Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick C. Morgan, Miss Ruth
Creilin, Lawrence Holman, John Ray
mond Holman of Stanford University,
Milton Allen. William Allen and Earl
Creilin.
* * •
The marriage of Miss Margaret Wilson
and Lieutenant Franklin Bache Harwood
has b^rn *et for January 24, and will be
an afternoon affair, taking place uj. 3:CO
lis Trinity Church. Though the young
poop!*" are both • prominent and popular
the wedding wiil be small, and at the re
ception to tollo'w only the member's of the
brid;il pamvwilJ be; entertained. ;«_ »
t Miss Wilson; has selected for her at
tendants Miss Elizabeth Wilson, who is
to'marry J. Otis Burrage in February, as
maid. of honor; Miss; Grace Llewellyn
Jones, Miss Ruth Alien, Miss Marian
Huntington and Miss Jessie : Wright,
bridesmaids. The .reception will be ; held
at the home of the bride's mother, Mrs.
George 8. Wilson, on Clay street.
The Gayety Club , holds . its, second
charming dance- next. Wednesday even
ing, the 3d, again in. Century Hall, keen
est anticipation attending. .:
; On the - near-by occasion Miss Emilia
Parrott . will : be . the hostess.
Miss RhodaV and Miss Marie Pickeriug
will be happy little maids next Thursday
evening when .they, will be, greeted by. a
large number of guests formally welcoin
in them to society. '• Mr. and Mrs. Freder
ick M. • Pickering have 'determined on thia
date for ' the ; debut : of - their daughters",
who-, have '{ hitherto . been : . identified with
the younger. set, -.and the Broadway home
will present' a merry gathering. : • - . .
Thedinner dance to be given by Mrs.
Florence Land. ;May v and -Mrs. \ J. XV.
Wright ; at-the St. Francis. has been de
ferred S:. from r ; : its '-':\u25a0: original
16th— to ' ." Januar>' r -* 20.- - when sixty, . or
seventy, guests will meet for. a -delight
fill evening. \u25a0*"* V ' — - \u25a0
• . - •"-<.•
. One of the most brilliant affairs of
tlie r week was the dinner-dance - last
Thursday -Tevening-atV the ; Claremont
Country "Club, 'given by Mr.' and Mrs.
Andrew* K Stone. , Over lOO ' eue>ts en
joyed^ the .of; Mr."- and ; Mrs.
Stone,^who; occupy a prominent posl-
tion among the lavish entertainers.
They were assisted In receiving by Mrs.
Havemeyer.
• • •
Among the pleasant events of the
\u25a0week was the box party at the Tlvoll last
Tuesday' evening given by Mrs. Henry
Edwards Huntington to Dr. and -Mrs.
Walter Gibbons (Hazel Noonan).
This pretty bride from Los Angelci
will be the recipient of much attention
during the coming weeks before Lent,
those greeting her on this recent occ-i
sion being Mr. and Mrs. Louia Beody.,
Miss Grace Wilson. Miss Elizabeth
Huntington. Miss Marian Huntingto;\
Edward Davis. J. Brockway Metcalf.
Count de la Rocca and Philip Pa3chel.
•\u25a0 • •
Mr. and Mrs. Dennis Searles of Pie I
mont are entertaining Mr. and Mrs]
1 Isaac Oliver Upham Jr. ov^r the holi
days. The new home of Mr. and Ur^
Upham la not quite completed, but wff?
be within a few weeks, at which ti.n
these young people will leave tn*>ir
apartments at the Cecil and join the
Piedmont colony.
Dr. J. Wilson Shiels sailed on thi
Mariposa Thursday for a trip to Tahiti
where he hopes to recover his healtii.
» * *
The return of Miss Jennie Crockrr,
Templeton Crocker and Francis Burton
Harrison to New Turk next Thursily
will be accompanied by MrsT Henry \'.
Scott.
• • •
• y.-r. and Mrs. Charles 11. Crocker it'ar
loU* ;?teiner> will be among the ear,/
arrivals of the new year in California.
to remain for a brief visit.
• • •
Dr. and Mrs. Samuel Gardner tElizabet i
Smith) are making their home for a f.*v
months with Airs. Matthew Gardner. ZL-i
Clay street. In May, Dr. and Airs. Gard
ner expect to visit- the Smith home in
Scotland and from now on Mrs. Gardrur
will receive second Fridays in each mout.i.
•• ' •
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Judd Ryan (Beat
rice Bromfield) arrived in New York U*t
Sunday after an extensive wedding trip
through this State.
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. William T. Baggett ana
Miss Nell Rose Baggett are in Uroville.
where they have a fine country home,,
spending the holidays. i
• • *
Many small parties have spent the
Christmas time . at out of town resort*.
but most of them are returning tisi* we?U
to be in their homes for the new year.
• Paso Rubles saw a congenial group who
returned a day or two ago. They we re:
Mrs. Malcolm Henry. Miss Florence Ives.
Mrs. Robson, Miss HHene Robson, Colonel
Jocelyn, U. S. A., and Mr. Clorc of Los
Angeles.
Royal Garments ««ucretl.
: BERUN, Dec. 30.— 1t la leae. majest>'
to. touch any of the Kaiser's garments
was the plea set up by the prosecutor
to-day -when a man was arraigned for
putting- his hand on the Kals«r's fur
coat;fwhlch his Majesty had left In the
hall of the Charlottenberg Technical
School. The prisoner declared he had
been actuated by mere curiosity to
ascertain the quality of \ the fur \u25a0 worn
by- his august sovereign, and the Judge
refused to uold that touching the royai
garment constituted felonious intent
and acquitted , the prisoner. < He will
however, henceforth be a marked man
by the secret police, who never forgive
any one w"o ?.c»i»» their clutches.
Woman Impr*««» ** tf > Army.
-PAKIS Dec. 30.-MUe. Augusta Sos
th^nf Dirche, born on April 23 ;; 18S5.
has^beeri" inscribed on the list of con
scripts for the 1905 contingent a» the
births' in. which she figures, as a rixM\
Should there be no" rectification before
the is called up for medical : examina
tion she will be obliged to Join a r«gl
ment.REAL ESTATE BROKERS EXPECT
COMING YEAR WILL BE ACTIVE
Deal for Big Frontage of 11,000 Feet on; the Edge
..-\u25a0,.-. of Richmond Is Carried (Diit. **'r
.^VERA-L SALES OF MAGNITUDE ARE REPORTED
T-»ie best «ut.Torm«i« or the movement
• l real estate in San Francisco, the
.rojkers. agree that the year 1906 ought
»v Surpass the record sales in 1905,
.vhich, as published in this paper yes
u.•rda.y, is $74,392,540, representing 9504
transactions. The closing week of the
year has been marked by deals of good
Hz*.
In the .Richmond District a groat
transaction has taken form. The San
I'raiuisco and Suburban Home Build
i!!g- Society has purchased from James
C. Jordan the remainder of the Jor
dan tract, bounded by Point Lobos ave
nue, Parker avenue. California street
£md First avenue. The land is equal
to twelve ordinary blocks. Altogether
the frontage is about 11,000 feet. Some
time ago the Suburban Home Building
Society bought one-quarter of the Jor
dan holdings and built houses upon
lots 33:4x120 feet, to the number of
uventy-one. The rapid improvement of
the new" and greater acquirement of
iayd is expected.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. report the
sale of the Lincoln building, south line
of Suttpr street. SO feet east of Stock
ton. 50x70 feet. The improvements
ronsist of a new six-story and base
ment* brick and stone building, consist
ing of a store on the ground floor, with
sixty rooms used as offices on
the five upper stories. The price re
ported by Shainwald, Buckbee &. Co. is
close to $160,000. The property is well
rented and pays a gross income of
' about $15,000 a year.
A. J. Rich & Co. announce the sale
of the Wallace block to the Coliseum
Company on pricate terms. The' block
is valuable on account of its prox
imity to the« Chutes. The Coliseum Com
pany is about to erect a very large au
ditorium for amusement purposes. The
size of the property is 240 feet on Ful
fon street by 600 feet in depth, having
a .frontage on Eleventh and Twelfth
avenues.
Sage. Dealey & Co. have sold 'to Ed
gar Painter for Henry Wreden the
northwest corner of Francisco and Ma
son streets, 60x65:9. with nominal im
provements, for $11,000.
IT. O. Trowbridge has sold to Daniel
Roth, 25x87:6 on the south line of
OFarrcll street, SO feet east of Mason,
with three-story building, for $67,500.
The price at which the Russian
Church property was sold is reported
to be $40,000. The Yon Rhein Real
Estate Company was the broker.
Eugene Stoupe has bougiit 27:6x137:6
on. thb north line of O'Farrell street, 165
foot cast of Taylor, on private terms.
Meyer Wood lias resold the property
on the west line of Taylor street, from
Bay to North Point, two fifty-varas, to
Daniel Roth, for $40,000.
Charles Schlessinger has sold 25x87:6
„ f eet on the south line of O'Farrell
street. 67:6 cast of Powell, 25x87:6, on
private term*.
Leopold Hirsch- has bought the
po\itheas-t corner of Stockton street and
Broadway, fiox63. with frontage also on
Stark, for ffiO.OOn.
George K. Fitch has sold his resi
dence property at the routhwest corner
of Powell and Bush streets, for $60,000.
Jamis Newlands Jr. has bought Mira
Monte, the country home of the late
t'LEUK IX. A CIUAR STAND
STABS WHISKY DRUMMER
::«l«ard Brazil I« Arrentcd in Oakland
on the Complaint of James
Stack.
James Stack, a whisky drummer,
was cut on the head and face early
yesterday morning in front of the
Ijangham bar, 149 Ellis street, by Ed
ward Bra.zU, a clerk, employed in the
cigar ttand fit the entrance to the bar.
Stack was sent to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where hia wounds,
which were slight, were dressed, and
he went to his room at the Auditorium
Hotel. 115 Eddy street.
Stack made a statement to the po
lice that while he was in a room at the
rear of the bar with two women Bra
zil entered and was ejected by Stack.
Brazil left, mum-ring that he would
S<?t even with Stack, and about fif
teen minutes later, while Stack was
standing on the sidewalk, Brazil cut
him. He had trouble with Brazil
about a month ago over some cigars
he had won and had to complain to
Brazil's employer, he said.
Brazil wajs arrested in Oakland yes
terday and brought to the City Prison
by Detective Coleman. When ques
tioned he refused to make any state-
Stout Lndiea!
1" years ago I reduced my weight 53 pounds,
butt S inches, waist 6 inches and hips 10
inchee. by a simple, harmless remedy. Health
;-erfect. No exercise, no wrinkles, no starving.
I will tell you how. Incloee stamp. Mri. Diana
Alves. €2 Elgin Park. San Francleco, Cal. •
Eastern M:«r Initiation.
Beulah Chapter. Order of the Eastern
Star, will have Its first initiation by the
officers recently installed on the even
ing of Mouady, January 8. in the South
t?an Francisco Masonic Haiti on which
occasion candidates will be inducted
into the mysteries of the order by the
very courteous worthy matron, Emma
Caroline Wedemeycr, assisted by the
other officers and the points of the cen
iral star.
Before it spoils. your beauty and
I>uts the seal of age on a youthful
i ace.^
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON m
4=DAY HAIR RESTORER
Is a harmless preparation that re-
stores gray or faded hair to its nat-
ural color without any inconveni-
ence or disagreeable aftc^ effects.
Xot a dye; cleanly to use, free
from sediment or -sticky matter.
Price $i.oo a bottle. All druggists.
FREK — Interactive application**
made at our laboratory by expert-
fnr*d operators.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison Co.
t IJEKMATOLOGIST.
316 Post Street, Union Square
SAN KKANCISCO.
Hall McAllister, at Kentncld Ross Val
ley, with sixty-five acres of finely
wooded land. The sellers were repre
sented by Hoag & Lansdale and the
buyers by Lyon & Hoag.
The London, Paris and American
Bank has sold 227 acres adjoining "Wel
lesley Park, at Redwood City, at the
reported price of $20,000.
REPRESENTATIVE DEALS.
Speck & Co. have sold for Charles
Schlcssinger to the William Ede Com
pany tho southeast corner of Broad
way and Bakrr. .street, 50x137:6, for
520,000, an unimproved lot.
Boardman Bros. & Co. have bought
for a client the southwest oorner of
Hayes and Octavia streets, 32:2x120
feet, running to rear street, with two
throe-story frame buildings, for $35,000.
The sale of the San Francisco Orph
an Asylum property to the San Fran.
cisco Normal School on the southeast
corner of Waller and Buchanan streets,
137:6x275 feet, for 550,000, has been or
dered by decree.
D. A. Williams has sold to C. Stroh
mair 50x72 feet on the north line of
Fulton street. 109 feet east of Van
Nefs avenue, for $25,000.
De Ruyter, Krigbaum & Co. have
sold for Mrs. I^ouise R. Barrollhet to
Edwin W. Xewhall, 87:6x137:6, on the
south line of Broadway, 50 feet east
of Baker street, with, lot facing on Pa
cific avenue, for a residence site. This
is a marine view property. The terms
are private. .
i Sage, Dealcy & Co. have sold for
feara E. Reamer to Eugenia Campini.
the northeast corner of Clement street
and Twenty-third avenue, 107:6x100,
$3750.
J. G. Wilkins has bought 25x100 and
three flats on the south line of Pine
street, 62 feet east of Webster, for
$i 0,000.. : ;», - :
Boardman Brother & Co. have sold
the northeast corner of Second and
Clementina streets, 30xS0, with two
story frame, for Hahn &\u25a0& \u25a0 Fell" to' Jo
seph Bier, for $20,000. The same brok
ers have sold 30:6x75 feet on the south
line of Brannan street. 75 feet west
of Third, with two-story frame, build
ing, containing store and lodging
house, from R. A. St. John to a client
for $10,000.
The Morgan Oyster Company has
sold 25x80 feet on the southwest line
of Third street, 100 feet southeast of
Brannan. for $12,000.
A. Hinkelmann has bought 25x90 feet
on the south line of Howard street, 312
feet east of Fourth, from Harvard &
Hill for $14,500. ,
Mark E. Lewis has sold 20x70 feet on
the southeast line of Stevenson street,
2. r >s feet northeast of Fourth, for
$10,000.
SALE IS CONFIRMED.
The sale by the estate of Lady Yarde
Buller to Lorenzo Scatena of the south
west corner of Battery and Pine streets
for $126,000 has been confirmed by the
court.
Sol Getz & Son, in reviewing" the
transactions in the Sunset, Oceanside
:ind Richmond Heights of the park
districts for the year 1905 claim them
to be the most satisfactory in the his
tory of this city. They base this as
sertion on the fact that the largest
SOME PROMISES
WITH THE CASH
Money and Notes Will Be
Offered to the Creditors
of Mitchell This Week
MEETING OX TUESDAY
Committee Now Has the
Books and Finds Liabil
ities to Be About $100,000
When the creditors of R. Brent Mitchell
assemble next Tuesday they will receive
an offer of settlement, partly in cash and
in part by notes. Such is the statement
made yesterday by John A. Percy, Mitch
ell's attorney. The amount of money to be
paid and the amount to be represented
by notes 4s not made public by the attor
ney. Strong efforts are being made to
raise coin that the percentage of cash
may be as large as possible.
Attorney Percy also says that Mitchell
will possibly have Indorsed notes to* cover
the balance due when the cash payment
is made.
Yesterday the books and accounis of
Mitchell were handed over to the commit
tee of the creditors, George Mastlck, A.
P. Welch and Captain Burnham. As the
figures are based on estimates of the val
ues of stocks upon the closing on Tuesday
last in New York some consideration of
the real liabilities may be necessary. The
committee, su Mr. Mastick says, will de
vote three days to looking Into Mitchell's
matters, aided by what Is revealed by the
books. Since the first meeting of the
creditors, which was fully and exclusive
ly reported by The Call, Mitchell has sup
plied information that will be of assist
ance to the committee in reaching conclu
sions for a report to the creditors. The
liabilities are in the neighborhood of $100,
000, as originally reported. No exact fig
ures are given out.
The larger creditors are represented by
lawyers. Smaller creditors have received
letters from the committee asking their
pleasure. Some curiosity, has been occa
sioned by an advertisement that has been
inserted in The Call which reads as fol
lows: \
"Creditors of R. Brent Mitchell who
wish to learn of something to their ad
vantage are requested to address . Box
2S-S3. Call office, without delay."
This is understood to be an offer on the
part of an attorney ' to' assist the poorer
creditors. 'Several communications- have
been received in response to. this adver
tisement.
The securities that were sent ori by New
York brokers to - San Francisco banks,
with drafts attached for collection, are
still . in this city. A . legal question may
arise as to who owns these securities. The
answer will have a bearing upon the
amount that may be realized by the un
fortunate creditors. Bookkeeper. Clark,"
who was employed by Mitchell, has been
working for a few days for the creditors.
He has completed his report.
The man -who' walks /around Jericho
blowing '. his own horn only • strengthens
the walls.
THE SAN \u25a0 FRANCISCOuCAIii:, SUNDAY^ DECEMBER 31; 1905.
number of properties sold.in this sec
tion .of the city were to .homeseek
ersand not ; for speculation/' as;in for
mer years. More than . 1000 * houses
have been -erecteS at Oceanside t; alone
and many other ; improvements, such as
grading streets, etc., have also* taken
place there. The firm has graded; a
great many blocks of land and sold
over 1000 lots in the districts named.: : -
Sak-s by Oscar Hey man & Bro. are re
ported as follows: Southeast " line of
Madrid street, 125 feet "southwest of \u25a0 In
dia, 25x100 feet, to John Gilley; west line
of Girard; street, 205 reet south of .Ward,
50x120 feet, to William Harma n ; ; west side
of Hamilton street, 157 feet south of Sil
ver avenue, 50x120< feet, to- Hyman Grief;
west side of Thirty-second avenue, 116:8
feet south of A street, 25x120 feet, to
Mrs. J. F. Plunkett; northwest corner of
A street and Forty-first avenue, 57:6x100
feet, to C Lee;. west side, of Berlin street,
350 feat south of- Ward, 25x120 feet, to
Mrs. M. H. Tanner.
A contract has been lot for the erection
of a six-story , and basement building . on
the southeast corner : of. Grant avenue
and Post street, to cost $70,000, by I. Mag
nin. & Co. . * '
B. Getz j has sold the following proper
ties: "Lot on east side' of. Sixteenth ave
nue, 125 feet south of T street, 25x120 feet,
to Mabel C. Benjamin; northeast corner
of Forty-fifth avenue and L street, 57:6 x
100 feet, to Emma Faust : east line of
Twentieth avenue, 275 feet south of Point
Lobos avenue, 25x100 feet, to Ellen Faulk
ener; northwest side .of Madrid; street,
75, feet northeast of Persia, 25x75 feet, to
John C. Tippett; north side of California
street, 57:6 feet east of Twenty-third ave
nue, 25x100 feet.to John R. and Mary A.
Howse; north line of L street, 107:6 feet
west of • Forty-sixth avenue, 25x100 j feet,
to W.. Heise: west side of Twenty-third
o venue, J25 feet north of California street,
25x120 feet, to Annie L. Bro'wcr; east line
of Forty-eighth avenue, 125 feet north of
L street, 25x120 feet, to B. J. Koehucke.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: Lot 25x120 feet- west line of Forty
third avenue, 125 feet south of J street, to
A. F. Pete; 50x120 feet west line of Thir
ty-fourth avenue, 200 feet south of B
street. to~\ Robert M. Chance;, 25x120 feet
west line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 275 feet
south of A street, to Margaret K. Smith;
25x120 feet west line of Forty-third ave-
nue, 150 feet south of J street, to Manuel
A. Smooth; 25x100 feet north line of J
street, 52:6 feet east of Twelfth avenue,
to H. J. Stauffacher; 25x120 feet east line
of Ninth avenue, 125 feet south. of Point
Lobos avenue, to Carl Gompertz; 25x100
feet northwest line of London street, 150
feet southwest of China avenue, to James
Fogarty; 25x100 feet south line of B
street, 70 feet west of Thirty-fourth ave
nue, to Daniel B. Southern.
With the beginning of .the new year
Southworth & Patterson will open a gen
eral real estate business at 21 Post street.
Mr. Southworth has heretofore confined
his efforts to buying and selling realty on
his own account. Lloyd H. Patterson has
been associated in business with Leigh &
Davidson and other real estate brokerage
houses for some years.
John Bennett has sold 25x120 feet on the
west line of Thirty-eighth avenue, south
of A street, for $400, through the agency
of Sage, Dealey & Co.
VETERAN NAVY ORGANIZATION
WILL PUBLICLY INSTALL
Phelpa Squadron to Induct New Offi
cers With Elaborate Ceremony in
I'ioneer Hall.
On the evening of Wednesday, Jan
uary 10, the officers of Phelps Squad
ron of the United States veteran navy
will be installed in public in Pioneer
Hall by Commodore Thomas A. Ncr
nc>%~ commander of the United States
veteran navy, as mustering officer, as
sisted by Fleet Commander Peter H.
Mass. Refreshments: will be served
after the installation, and during the
"dog watch"-there will be several en
tertaining features by members of the
squadron, and some fine music and old
time navy songs will be rendered. An
invitation has been extended to all
veterans of the Civil War, Spanish-
American War and of foreign wars,
particularly to those who served in
the navy, to attend.
The officers to be installed are: J. M.
Floyd, who served on the United
States gunboat Moss and the United
States steamship Minnesota, 1861-1865,
captain; T. M. Green (U. S. N.. retired),
veteran of 1861 to 1865, serving on the
United States steamship . Pensacola,
commander; Dan O'Hearn, Spanish
War veteran, United States steamship
Vigilant, lieutenant commander; Wil
liam Tiernan, Spanish War Veteran,
United States steamships Olympia i and
Raleigh, lieutenant; Joseph Hawley,
Spanish ' War veteran. United States
steamship Marblehead, ensign; J. H.
Fitzgerald, Spanish War veteran,
served on the United States steamships
Oregon and Bennington, paymaster;
Charles J. Dutreaux, Spanish War vet
eran,'served on the United States
steamships Olympia, Raleigh and New
ark, secretary; Dr. Joseph G. .Craw
ford, veteran of 1861 to 1565, served on
the United States steamships Savannah
and Wachu'sctt, surgeon; Charles M.
Price, veteran of 1861 to 1865. served
on. the United States. steamships Niag
ara and Wateree, chaplain; John Kelly
Sr., veteran of 1861. to 1865.. served on
the United States steamship Macedonia,
engineer. \u0084""..;;
Polleemnn , WolterV Reaignft.
Policeman Theodore I*. .Wolters sent
in his resignation to Chief Divan yes
terday. Wolters had been employed in
the identification ; bureau for, some
years, but was assigned ; for street duty
about a month ago. in \u25a0 his letter of
resignation he says^ho leaves' the de
partment with the "kindliest feelings
toward all.' He has obtained a lucra
tive •; position" with the Alliance Assur
ance Company.
Vehicle*! Vehicle*!/ Vehicles!
We are agents for\ four leading.- lines -of ve
hicles. \u25a0 Dr. not : buy until ,: you have Been"; our
stock. Llebold Harness Co.'; 211 '; Larkln' st.,
opposite City Hall. . ;- ' : •
Nt rullnn Say* He \u25a0Is Divorced.
L. Stratton of Cement, Cal., stated
yesterday that he is not ; the husband of
Mrs. Laura' Stratton,*vwhot,died.\ on
Thursday night from the' effects* of
a ."self-performed criminal \ oporatibn.
Stratton says he : had been divorced
from the woman for \u25a0 threo years ? and
had not seen her' during- 'that time. 1 . \; .
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
: SUNDAY'S CALL; I:
STRICT LINES
FOR SOLDIERS
From This Time On It Will
Be Work; Not Play, for the
National Guard Members
EULES FOR THE TROPHY
Ditferent Organizations Will
Have Much to Do to Come
Up to: tlie Standard Fixed
The vacation term in the National Guard
of the State closes to-night, and from to
morrow on the routine work and drills in
the armories will again be in order. If
the' plans that . have been prepared are
strictly carried out there will be a .better
set of. soldiers in the State -than. there 'has
ever been before,; for the : plans are such
that the officers, as well as the men, will
have to be soldiers to the- extent that if
at any .time during the year- they 'Should
be called upon to join with the United
States army they. will not be a set of raw
recruits or paper soldiers.
At the first assemblage in January each
organization will have a drill, not merely
a perfunctory .one, .but oneithat is ac
cording /to the army regulations, j and
these drills, which: will have td be kept
up, will not be the practicing of the.goose
step, but will mean real hard work for
not less than an 'hour at atime.'. •
Company B, . .Fifth Infantry, ,\Captain
Holtum commanding, will on New, Year's
day drill in the armory, according to new
orders, and after the drill will have its
annual. banquet. /This company will drill
every Monday and Thursday until inspec
tion, January \u25a0 23. Special attention will
be paid to advance guard and estimating.
KIRST IXFAXTRY.
Orders have been issued to the several
organizations of the ihrst Infantry to
prepare for inspection. The fleM, staff,
non-commissioned staff , band, field music,
detachment of the hospital corps ".'\u25a0 and
Companies A, B, C, 1 D, E, F, G and H
have : been ordered to assemble at the
Page-street armory in dress uniform Mon
day, January 8, for short drill and inspec
tion. \u25a0.; \u25a0- \u25a0 '\u25a0 '".'" ; \u25a0•.- •;.-' \u25a0 : . \u25a0 ' "\u25a0\u25a0 .' ,-
First Ueutenant Harry Gabriel McKan
ny, Company H, has, in addition to his
regular duties, been detailed as assistant
inspector of small arms. '."*'
Captain Eugene Franklin \u25a0Peckham,
Company H; First lieutenant Edward
Bradford Gould and Second Lieutenant
Charles Henry Suydam, battalion quar
termaster and commissary, have been de
tailed as the regimental examining board
for non-commissioned officers of the First
Infantry, vice Lieutenants' Hagens and
Graham, relieved.
Corporal Charles Henry Messner,- Com-'
pany D, has been- appointed sergeant" of
the field music. ; | | /
Sergeant Oeurge F. Poulson of Company
E ha,s been reduced t<v the ranks at his
own request, and Sergeants G.- E. Hir-;
singer and. Arthur Sobey, Company H,
First Infantry, were," on recommendation
of the company commander, • reduced to
the ranks for neglect of duty.
Nine men have been discharged . from
the service of the State out of the First
Infantry, three on account of* removal,
four by a two-thirds ,vote of.. the com
pany,, one at expiration of term and one
exempt.
SECOND BRIGADE.
Major D. A. Smith, Fifth Infantry, de
tailed to assist Colonel. Thomas Wilhelm
in the State inspection In the Second
Brigade, has beep.jjrdered to report to the
State inspector in the. armory of Company
B, Fifth Infantry, at ; San Jose, January 23.
\u25a0 Commanding officers -of regiments and
unattached battalions of the Second Bri
gade will hereafter, . between • January 1
and November" 30 of El each year, inspect
each organization of their respective com
mands will render a written report to bri
gade headquarters of --, such inspection.
The commanding, officers , will give special
attention in such reports to the efficiency
or non-efficiency of the commissioned of
ficers. ' V
The summary^ courts of the various. or
ganizations of the Second Brigade have
been ordered to forward to brigade head
quarters without delay 1 a report of the
cases tried by them from the date of ap
pointment to the; close of the current
year, and such reports shall state what
steps. ' have been taken to ; collect" fines
where such were imposed. After the first
of the new year such' reports will have to
be filed monthly,' and if not filed • the rea-,
sonj for neglect will 1 have to be a very
goodone to excuse the negligent court.
"^DRILL ATTENDANCE.
Cprnmanding officers have again had it
impressed upon their minds that in the
recftrd 'of attendance at drills only the
names of such officers and men as have
actually, participated in the drill shall
appear. This is to prevent the filing ol
reports of "dummy" companies on, the
floor. \u0084. '."':"\u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0!\u25a0 . - ..
Hereafter commanding officers in "the
Second Brigade will have to make appli
cations at headquarters , for permission : to
hold <rjractlce marches or camps -of .in
struction, and at the close of such "shall
immediately report in detail the number
of officers and men present, the nature
of instruction, distance marched, how, the
men were rationed, the equipment, worn
and r such ' other information as may be of
interest.' ,
Hereafter, jompany quartermaster ser
geants.artificers and clerka in the Second
Brigade will not have a soft snap, 'for
they shall not be excused from any, drill!
except in 1 instances of .extreme necessity.
1 Commencing with the first assemblage
in January next, drills shall not Ibe of
less than one' hour's duration, and \,theo
retical instruction shallnot: be considered
as .-part of the drill; but shall be given im
mediately' after : a, regular drill, or. at
such other times as the* commanding ; offi
cer may designate. : " •
MUSTERING; OUT AND IN.
Colonel H.:. V Seymour, Second Infan
try,, has jbeen detailed^ as' mustering offi-'
cer and instructed " to j proceed to Nevada
City on .January 6 to muster-out Com-"
pany* C of the Second, and, on' the; same
date- muster j in. a new Company C of the
same' regiment. ; The \u25a0 old company : failed
to come' up' to requirements,- after/ re
peated notice, so.lt-was decided '\u25a0• to 'mus
ter it out /of the service -of ;; the? State.
The people 'of 'that -city promised- to ;get
up a. new company that will' be accredit
to the Guard , and it is \u25a0. that one \ that jis
to be : mustered in.; Major '.William :J.
Hanna, surgeon of the Second >lnfantry,
has been ordered to . Nevada' City,' to r ex
amine, the applicants for enlistment in
the f new company. 7- ;..':•
; Second j LJeutenant^Herbert : D. r Walter;
battalion quartermaster;, and; commissary
\ci , t he First Infantry, , has : ; been C detailed
as- aide-de-camp on;theTstaff of Brigadier
General;: Koster. and ; ordered r to : report at
brigade
\u25a0^The'rules to /govern! in;deternUriing ' the
efficiency.^ of • the ' organizations , of . the : Na
tional "Guard : of .California '". for. 1 ; the Hpur
pose-: of ; awartiing/the jbrigade \u25a0 trophies,
formulated by , Brigadier, General --- Robert
,\\ f ankow6ki, rfßrigadierr f Brigadier Generui; "John 7 A.-
KosterTahd. Colonel .Thorhas. Wilhelm, as
sistant; Inspector; general; 'having been
approved, have/been published.'" \u25a0;,'\u25a0;
V.^These!' provide, that : the trophy, in each
brigade'; shall be. competed I for i until; such
time! as any one; organization shull have
! won /it three ', times, but' it is not I contem
! plated that ; the :- winnings shall be con-
I secutlve'.'.'^SßßHßßßSßSS^^&i'."-' i r -. '
RECOII D OF ATTENDANCE.*
.The. .4 attendance- record wilf be -deter-
PARDEE TO END
FAIR DISPUTE
Engages Expert to Examine
the California Mission
Building at Portland
TO PAY CONTEAGTOKS
Amount Due Them^ Is to Be
fed 'and State Will
Then ITakeV Settlement
Although the California State "building
that stood at the Portland Exposition as
a representative of mission: architecture
In this State has been sold to Lafe Pence
for $300, as: was recorded In the press dis
patches : yesterday, the : controversy over
the structure, . that has been' hot at times,
is; not ended yet. : In fact. Governor Par
dee has decided that the situation justifies
his taking a hand in- the future proceed
ings.
When the contract was let to the Bur
rill Construction Company the contract
price was fixed. The Portland -Exposition
management compelled the California
commissioners /to change the plans. The
size of the building was curtailed, be
cause the commissioners .were not allowed
to cut a tree^that stood where the.build
ing was to. be. placed in part, and a regu
lation regarding, the distance that the
buildings must be from avenues also
caused . another departure from the lines
originally laid down. Then the commls
sioners.came to the conclusion that cer
tain architectural features' in the interior
could, be ' dispensed with, \u25a0 and other
changes galore followed. \u25a0
>Out of these conditions came a contro
versy ..with the contractors, that has re
sulted in the failure of the' contractors to
get their money. The commissioners are
winding: up their affairs, and.it is neces
sary, that something shall be done to ad
just the building matter. In this view of
the case Governor Pardee has decided to
call in William Veltch, a contractor and
builder. Veitch. with Commissioner Filch
er/.willeo to Portland to" view the Cali
fornia building before it is torn'down and
examine it for the purpose of submitting
a final report. "vMiX-r^ij^
AVERS THAT HER HUSBAND
TREATED HER CRUELLY
Attorney Hewitt's Wife - Say« He
- Abuxed Her Because. She Suf
fered. Jll-Heulth.
Robert W. Hewitt, attorney-at-law,
Was made the. defendant yesterday in
an action for divorce filed by Cora TV.'
Hewitt.". Mrs. Hewitt asserts that, her
husband has treated her brutally for
some . time past, constantly complain
ins that' her health; was not good and
telling ' her children that she would
soon" dlo and then they would have a
good time.
Suits for, divorce were also filed by
Minnie against Joseph Mendoza for de
sertion; Mary G. against Joseph A.
Row'cll for, failure' to 'provide; John
against. Maria Maessano for cruelty,
andy Mary J. against George H. Stev
ens for cruelty. '
mined by an average,of two assemblages,
one of, which is to be the annual inspec
tion and^muster and the. other the occa
sion of a visit; by. the' commanding gen
eral of the brigade or . an inspector, the
visit to be made"; at "some time during the
year, between the dates of the inspection
and muster, and "without prior,' notifica
tion of j such visit : to any organization.
Only such, men as are actually drilling
will ,be considered present..- This means
that the commanding officers of each or
ganization will have to have . as many
men as possible; on the 'floor, at every as
semblage,, for "they will not know when
the general or inspector, will drop in an
assembly night.
Discipline'isto include promptness in
every respect, icolerity in the different
exercises required by the inspector,"
an intelligent display of proper respect
to superiors "under "all conditions and
.general -decorum in^ and \u25a0 about the
armories. All this means that every
man j and officer will have to be on his
best military Lehavjor. . ,
Under ; the head of military appear
ance will be considered the condition
of arms, equipments and clothing. Those
organizations that depend entirely upon
enlistedimen for the care of arms, with
out , the assistance of an armorer or
Janitor, will" be allowed ten extra
credits.: -;'; v ; _ . : .. <,
RECRUITS' INSTRUCTION.
In the matter of , instruction of the
recruit it is not intended to rely upon
the statement of trie commanding offi
cer,; but the inspector shall determine
by a careful personal investigation in
the- proper direction. The inspector
must- also, satisfy himself .that , schools
for non- commissioned officers have been
regularly held; and that there has been,
instruction in advance, rear; guard and
outpost duty, and this not on the state
ment of commanding officers. ,
\u25a0 In tho matter of drill and guard duty
there must be a personal satisfaction
that those inspected are up in the no-,
menclature of the rifle for infantry and
artillery, of the carbine and pistol for
cavalry and; signal corps .and of the*
saber for cavalry; that they rare, drilled
in fsetting , up exercises in all branches
and up in the manual of arms, ror in
fantry, .artillery, cavalry and ; signal
companies, pistol manual for ' cavalrj
and signal companies,; manual of saber
troops,: stacking . and taElng* up ' arms
for ; cavalry.troops, stacking and . tak
ing arms for 'infantry and > artillery,
loading in • i different ; . positions and
fencing, exercise by cavalry ; troops.
Tn -.the "school of the company the in
spection will be along the' line of close
order.Tmovcments.by platoons, extended
order, guard duty; and signal; work. All
under the .'head of drill and gnard duty
willy have to be . practically demon
strated ' in the armory on the night. of
inspection, which means the display, of
ajgreat deal -of knowledge and consid
erable work.
SMALL ARMS PRACTICE. '. '
. -Tlie.iinapectioii: as; to • small arms
practice^will' ; include -estimating dis
tance,.; sighting drill, • position and aim
ing'drill and gallery practice.
-1 The -field -exercise will include, prac
tice marches,^bivouacs and camps.
The ; administration :: will include 3 the
condition ; ;of; records ,; as ;to neatness,
completeness ; ; and . effective . ."\u25a0 methods ;
condition ; and care of • publict property;
condition '> and care of " armory: ; condi
tion :' and ;; care.v also , 'systematic, uni
form? arrangement,, of.;: lockers: evi
dence-of,?existence " of - properly,.' organ
ized \u25a0 administrative , sauads and . evi
dence;'that^the'articles..of, war have
beeniread- to the command r at ' least
once :a "year. j. - ' \u25a0'-.'. - >..- : .
*' . To .come up; to the standard .the. in
fantry must : gain an aggregate of 203
points, ; the; signal companies. 225 and
the cavalry 225.". ,
Dies From .His' Injuries.
James ' Mcllugh, „ who - was ; struck \by,
a car at --Seventeenth/
street:on; Friday night while' erossingf
theStrack, \u25a0 died >at the ; Central
gency.; Hospital iabout T4 »o'clock^ yester
day,?: morning. .\u25a0'\u25a0;. The body:was->taken' to
the \u25a0Morgue.;- McHugli\wasa ; laborer,, 55.
years -of! age, -and .lived^at 19 pehon
str«et^ >: ; ."
Ovr Annual Sale of
Muslin Underwear
Commences Tuesday
We wish to say to the ladies
who regularly patronize this
• f sale that, as heretofore, it will
be well <to make purchases
early in order to have the com-
plete assortment to choose
from. See advertisements in
to-morrow morning's papers.
Kearny and Suttep Streets
BREAST CANCER
KILLS MOTHER
Two Sisters and Uncle
Cured Without Knife
or Pain!
Mrs. Elizabeth McClure of 1503 Y z
Market street, San Francisco. Cal.. lost
her mother about a year ago after a
surgical operation for a lump in her
breast. Mrs. McClure and her sister
each had a» large lump in her breast,
which became a poisonous, eating can-
cer. Fearing they would die as did
their mother, they refused operation.
'.<. Hearing of Mrs. Crosthwaite's (954
Arlington avenue, Oakland, Cal.) re-
markable cure without knife or pain by
a wonderful Pacific island plant ex-
tract, each sister, and also an uncle, haa
cancers, cured within the same month,
and, -strangely, without one telling the
other. These noted cancer specialists,
who discovered and use this remedy,
cure hundreds of cancers that no one
but themselves and the patients ever
know about. They charge nothing un-
tir cured and offer $1000 if they fail.
The cures are made in the privacy of
the patient's own home.
Dr. and Mrs. Dr. Chamley & Co. are
the doctors .who cured Mr. E. J.
(Lucky) Baldwin of Arcadia. Cal.. of
three cancers, just three years ago,
after X-Ray had made him much worse.
Other physicians thought he could not
be.'curod and would die in a few
months. His testimony in his own
words iF in Dr. Chamley's book, which
is rhe best ever published on cancers.
It contains proof that any lump in wo-
man's breast Is cancer, also" that any
tumor, lump or sore on the lip, face or
anywhere is cancer.
Dr. Chamley is declared by his pa-
tients to be one of the most honest, sin-
cere and kind-hearted doctors they ever
knew. He is the best authority in
America on the cure of cancers, having
cured more in thirty-three years than
any other doctor living.
To get the doctor's book free write
to 25 Third street, San Francisco. Cal.
CITY CHEMIST SUBMITS
REPORT OF HIS j ANALYSES
Finds Adulterant "In Olive OH «nd Too
Little Butter Fat in
3111k.
Out of three samples of milk an
alyzed yesterday by . the city chemist
one was found to -contain only. 2.7 per
cent of butter fat. The samples were
submitted by private parties who did
not state from what dairies they were
received. . The dealer whose milk ran
below the butter fat standard of 3.2
is liable to arrest.
The city chemist also reported that
in three samples of olive oil two for
eign and one local, no adulterants
were found. Another sample of oil
purchased from • Kahn , Bros.. Turk and
Buchanan streets, the city chemist-al
leges,, contained, much, cottonseed oiL
Thomas Maguire,' a disinfector. filed
his resignation yesterday with the
Health Board. The place is not under
civil service.
Row Away With Watch.
A. Dahlgxen, 549 Howard street, re
ported to the police yesterday morning
that about. 4 o'clock he\was. drinking
with a stranger. in a saloon at 519.Pa
cific street. He pulled out .his
valued at " 560. and .' the" stranger asked
to: be "allowed to set It. Dahlgren
handed him the timepiece and he ran
away with it. ,. . , ... .
Thief ; Steals a Sheep.
.; Henry Friskie. butcher,. Second and
Bryant, streets, « reported ,to Uhe police
yesterday : that some -one had, stolen a
sheep from a hook in front of his shop
early in , the
W^Vl* 15cents
11^/ I half pound.
BISCUIT
Made with Rumford Baking Powder are
':} light \u25a0delicious and wholesome ; easily digested
I arid free from a baking powder taste.
One of My. . Q£ Caast nnll
Sample* Only s>b .«£ y
can do best mt the factory.
J. MARTY CO.
Trunk and Bas Manufacturer*.
22 TURK STREET.
Pbone East 9224.
THEOCULARIUM
1906 Models
..French Automobile..
MasKs arid Goggles
Price $1.50
HENRY KAHN & CO.
«2 MARKET STREET
Slightly Use!
W^^^MM SECOIi M
' «3 tR <5Q
iJf&fe* yiM\ imriMw? fasrs
w?f Svm tllB fl oll3 SwiJ 2
y/^S^^JlsFi tlie WMox
nSSyI KEW HOME
SEWISS MOKE CO.
• ; 1051 Market St.
Every Woman
/SWt^i\W\\v\a kkteraaied »nd should know
ft Mk§7> Wtiln MARV EL * h » r »'"o .Spray
i VW^CvCi£^^3L itun "nd l'.egt— Saf.
! eat— Moat Conreniant.
• Atijntinx^UttorU. 'iff. -\u0084. ,—^T^*'***'
If h<*eannot supply the V?- ft3*/ '?!'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ,"">^
3IARVKL, acc*t>t no *'££i>-v—
other, bat send sump for "'tfy i^'£/?/'^s
illustrated book— «•»]»*. Ttttivn \S I '"\u25a0M
I full particular* and •tiwtions to- CJ: / M
Talunbl. to larties. MARVKf. CO., W"7 ;,.,,. if
44 K. 334 BT., .IBW 1 ÜBK. -*«4i&r
ISDTICUT7C FOR BARBERS. BA K-
JDIIUOnJuO ers *- bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canuera.
dyers. Hour mill.*, foundries, laundries, paper,
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
.DUCHA.V.UT BROS,
Brush Manufacturers, 60» Sacramento St
WORKS BOARD PREPARES
AX-A3IE-VDEO OUDKVAJfCE
Change Will Permit the Construction
of Wooden SUlewnJk* <»n Streets;
In .Ma nuf act urlns District.
The Board of Public Works yester
day completed the draft of an amend
ment to the ordinance regulating the
construction of sidewalks so . that
wooden walks may be laid on streets
in the manufacturing district near tho
water front.
The traffic of teams going in and out
of the yards is so great that it is im
practicable „ to lay. permanent stone
sidewalks in the district named. The
amended ordinance will permit prop
erty owners to lay wooden walks, but
they will be compelled to keep tha
walks in repair.
. Grand; Jury Foreman Mitchell .com
plained to the board that a property
owner on Clay street, between Cherry
and Maple, • bad commenced to lay a.
bitumen sidewalk in front of his prop
erty despite the fact that a resolution
of intention hud been passed by the
board authorizing the construction of
stone sidewalks in the block. As the
property . owner had acted without a
permit Officer Beach was detailed to>
stop the work. The bitumen already
laid will be ordered torn up and stone
sidewalks substituted.
Irish Givea Out Turkey*.
All the employes under Colonel John
P.* Irish, United States Naval Officer
at this port, will eat turkey on New-
Year's day. -For years Colonel Irish,
has been furnishing birds for January
1 to all the employes. Yesterday he
lined up' his retinue and distributed or
ders for birds.
2526
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHX D. SPRECKELS.... .. \u25a0 ...Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
3OHX McXAUGHT. . . .^. ...._..._.._. • \u25a0 \u25a0 jj_- •_^ • : •-\u25a0 _• Manaser
PUBLICATION' OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STKKKTS. SAX FRANCISCO
SUNDAY DECISIBER 3.1,'. 1905
PRACTICAL EDUCATION.
THE addresses and discussions during the recent meeting of the
State Teachers* Association have covered the whole field of edu
cation, but have left its great problem unsolved. Industry is a
habit of body and mind. "Without that habit, education is of no
value. Self-support depends upon industry. The studious habit aikl
the habit of manual industry are not the same. It is claimed by
practical observers that when schooling occupies the time up to the
end of the 'teens the plastic period for acquiring a trade or bread
winning vocation has gone by. The co-ordination of brain and hand
must begin earlier..
When a youth becomes a man at twenty-one he should be equip
ped for self-support, whether that be an immediate necessity or not.
The question is, if his total nonage has been spent in school, is he so
equipped. The answer is that he is not. The average man . must
have acquired habits of thrift and industry before his majority, for
only the man above the average will acquire them afterward. Gov
ernor Pardee spoke forcibly of the need of discipline, and seemed
to seek it in prolonging attendance at school. Xo discipline, no
training in ethics or morals, can overcome the effect of physical
idleness. Proper and wholesome work, directed to auseful end, and
with a definite purpose, is the best safeguard for morals and virtue
that can be found. It is the foundation of good citizenship, the key
to independence.
. The school curriculum needs to be unloaded of matter that
merely seems to occupy the time, and should be devoted to sound
acquisition of the fundamentals of an education. This should be
with the purpose of releasing the pupil in his nonage, to the end
that the energies and ambitions of youth may be devoted to the
selection and acquisition of a calling, trade, vocation, that will yield
self-support and lead to independence.
It is observed that in cities, where first-class trade or polytech
nic schools are part of the public school system, with attendance
optional and counting as part of the regular grades, nearly all pupils
of both sexes known in the regular grades as careless, inattentive
and indisposed to keep up with their classes, given the option, select
the polytechnic course. Having been in school from the age of five
to'fourteen, they have wearied of it and want something to do. with
their, hands. They hate the regular course, are dilatory in attend
ance and infect others, to the injury of discipline. Now this is"
usually treated by school officials as contumacy. It has caused the
enactment of compulsory education laws, the appointment of truant
officers with police powers, and has created a semi-penal environ
ment for the public schools.
X deeper insight into its cause suggests the better remedy of- the
polytechnic school, with its complete equipment for learning all of
the leading trades and handicrafts, and the domestic, household arts.
In such a school, with optional courses, boys are trained to be good
mechanics, with sufficient book knowledge to fit them for superior
positions, and girls are trained for the grateful duties that make
good wives and mothers. All this can be done by recognizing the
unrest, inattention, indifiference and rebellion to discipline of the
classroom as natural, as the desire for manual activity, the prompt
ing toward "doing something," and not as the result of a vicious
disposition.
Mr. John Swett, who modestly describes himself as -a horticul
turist when among school teachers, and a school teacher when
among horticulturists, in his "address to the State Teachers' Associa
tion on the teaching of agriculture in the schools, advised the op
tional course, by projecting nature study toward agriculture as an
art. He advised wherever practicable the schoolhouse garden, where
cadi pupil may have a small plat in charge and have under his con
trol a miniature farm. This is not feasible in school lots in cities,
but even there city school boards can buy or rent ground for such
purpose, or an area within the children's playgrounds, which are
becoming popular adjuncts to city schools, may be set aside for a
garden.'
Mr. Swett, who has supplemented a long and successful career
as a school teacher by an equally successful career as a horticulturist,
gave some good advice to farmers, that they give their boys colts to
raise, or cattle, and their girls an interest in the poultry yard.
In each case this induces a study of the animals, their keep and
training, and it develops that property-getting instinct which is an
incentive to honest industry/,
We" are persuaded that if due attention be given to industrial,
education, the moral results will be more satisfactory than now.
The nature that is in each child will have its diverse longings satis
fied, and the country will get the full results that it has the right
to expect from the education of its people. Mr. Swett, drawing
upon his long experience as a teacher, advised parents to go visiting
the school oftener. If farmers would make it a point to visit the
country school and talk to the children in the plainest way about
their work, good results would follow.. So, in cities, if master
mechanics, shipbuilders, bankers and merchants would go to the
schools and tell what they know about their business, it would aid
in giving a practical turn to education.
Finally, The Call has to suggest that the valuable work of the
school garden may be encouraged by the Agricultural Department,
by the annual distribution of seeds to the schools, instead of wasting
seed by the method now followed. Congressmen get the seeds and
send them out haphazard. Let every country schoolteacher write
to the Congressman for the district foj seeds for the school garden
and then ask the farmers to direct the planting.
EXTENT OF NATIONAL IRRIGATION.
SECRETARY of the Interior Hitchcock's report shows a rapid
progress of Government reclamation of arid lands. The ex
tent of the plans which are now approved is so great that the
figures will astonish many people. Already projects are sanctioned
which when completed will reclaim 1,303,600 acres and the great
sum of $37,000,000 will be spent upon the irrigation works needed
for trfis purpose. In the allotments as now made California holds
third place on the list in the amount of funds, namely $3,000,000
for the Yuma project, which will reclaim 85,000 acres. The biggest
sum will be used in Arizona, $3,850,000, on the Salt River irriga
tion works. Nevada gets for the Truckee-Carson project an equal sum
to Yuma. The second biggest sum goes to Nebraska and Wyoming,
on the North Platte. the amount being $3,330,000, and its water is
to fertilize 100.000 acres.
Although Texas was not included in the terms of the original
act, even she is now assured of being benefited by the Government's
general plan. An act of last February gave her some aid, and now
it is expected that she will get more, as President Roosevelt has
advised it. Recently Secretary Hitchcock has approved the Rio"
Grande reclamation plan for Texas and New Mexico. This admis
sion of Texas into the benefits completes the nationalization of the
reclamation plan, for the Lone Star State was at first shut out
because she differed from all the other States in that she owned
her public lands and never turned them over to the Federal Gov
ernment when she entered the Union.
The work is so far forward that seventy-seven miles of main
canals have been constructed,' while distributing canals and ditches
to the length of 240 miles and three and a half miles of ..'tunnels
are done. Though the first work is confined chiefly to where. there
is extreme aridity of climate, there will be a dozen or more States
which will be largely helped by this assistance of the General Gov
ernment. The recent report of Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
gave some figures about the increase in the value of American farms
which would seem incredible did they "not come from so authorita
tive a source, and now when we try, to think of the addition
this jreat reclamation project is sure to add to the sum of farmers'
THE ;SAN : SUNDAY. DECEMBER 31. 1003:
ROOSEVELT IN THE RING
IT was a bout to decide the light
weight championship of . Harvard.
The heavy-weight and middle
weight championships had been
awarded. The contest for; the men un
der 140 pounds was on. Roosevelt, then
a junior, had defeated seven men. A
senior had as many victories to his
credit. They were pitted against each
other in the finals. : The senior .was
quite a bit taller than Roosevelt, I and
his reach was longer. He also -weighed
more by six pounds, but Roosevelt was
the quicker man on his feet, and knew
more -of the science of boxing. The
first round . was vigorously contested.
Roosevelt closed in at the very outset.
Because,, of his bad eyes he realized
that in-fighting gave him his only
chance', to win. / Blows .vere exchanged
with lightning rapidity, and they were
hard blows. Roosevelt drew first blood,
but soon his own nose was bleeding.
At the call of time, however, he got tho
decision for the round.
The senior had learned his lesson.
Thereafter he would not permit Roose
velt to close in on him. With his longer
reach and aided by his .antagonist's
near-sightedness, he succeeded in land
ing frequent blows. Roosevelt worked
hard, but to no avail. The round was
MODERN INSTANCES
SIR FRANCIS (DRAKE was discover
ing the Pacific.
"What a beautiful, calm place to
float bonds!" he cried.
Little realizing' that Wall street would
be invented afterward, he thought he had
a good thing.
The Chinese were inventing gunpowder.
"It is sad to think," they sighed, "that
•we cannot put a bunch of it under a
couple of New York Senators."
Perceiving the futility of their wish they
went out and performed hara-kiri.
Faragut approached Mobile with.enthu
siasm.
wealth it will almost be as if each returning daylight brings a
record of progress that in pur grandfathers' times took a decade to
NEW YORK'S MONEY MARKET.
'-p* HE recent flurry in New York, which sent call money up above
I ioo per cent, was not caused by any lack of .moneys for legiti
\u25a0*• mate daily business. The demand was caused by the necessi
ties of speculation. It was a bull market for stocks, in anticipation
of the January dividends, and margin's had to be covered, even; if
the money cost above ioo per; cent. Such a condition of the market
has been almost always associated with a panic that became general.
That this is not the case now is due to the soundness, of our finances
and the stability of legitimate or non-speculative^ business
Some papers have criticized the Secretary of the Treasury for
not coming to the rescue by releasing treasury funds. Secretary
Shaw is an experienced banker. He knows the difference between
speculative distress •„ and the stress of the , regular business' of the
country, and so sees no necessity of opening the: Federal? Treasury
to pay margins on stocks. Unless the matter spread, to the peril of
the regular business of the country, the Secretary will let the spec
ulators take care ; of themselves. The money that will be; released
by the semi-annual . dividend ; day, next week, will put the market in
its normal condition again.
An interesting incident of the: flurry was furnished by '-Russell
Sage. He 'is; in his ':9lst year, and had been for Sometime housed at
home-by illness. But when the market .'-.went kiting he ; could hot
resist the temptation to turn an honest 1 peiiny. Leaving his 'bed he
went to his downtown office and remained three hours, and ; duriri« :
that time loaned $30,000,000 at over 100 per cent. The History of
finance furnishes . no. parallel to this. The old- man, with evervi
business faculty alert as ever,' was not fatigued- at all by tVie - little
job 1 of lending' on, good; collateral the ; trifle of $36,060,000^ but^ said
that the experience did^hirn^good and he felt better.;' N6 ; doubt he
materially relieved the street and atthVsame time-helped himself^ ; . '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
.Outside of yNewv York the money market is. hi a normal condition
and the business outlook: is clear of rclouds.; 7
If there were no marriages until every ; intending benedict"- had a salary
if at least $1000 race suicide would-be a regular cycloiie.— Chicago Post.
The Pennsylvania Society of New , York" -has celebrated the Benjamin
Franklin anniversary a \montlv in/ advance. There's nothing: slow -about
Pennsylvania this year.— Boston Transcript. ,' - -
SAME NAME - SAME GAME.
awarded to the senior. . In the third
round the senior endeavored to pursue
the same tactics, but with less. success.
The result' of this round was a draw
and an' extra round had to be sparred.
Here superior weight and longer reach
began to tell, but Roosevelt boxed
gamely to. the "end. Said his antag
onist—now known by the pen name of
"Niblick"r "I can see . him now as lie
came in fiercely to the attack. But I
kept him off, taking no chances, and
landing at long reach. I got the deci
sion; but Roosevelt was far more scien
tific. Given good eyes he would have
defeated mo easily." - ;;"'
The defeated man . did not forget his
conqueror. Many years after,' when Mr.
Roosevelt was Governor of New. York,
the two met on a railroad train. Out
went Mr. Roosevelt's hand as he greet
ed his old antagonist heartily. After
the usual inquiries .as to health, the
Governor suddenly asked:
. \u25a0\u25a0 "What are you doing for your coun
try?" . ;.-::^; ;: \u25a0 .'.
.'/I'm not doing anything," said "Nib
lick," who had retired from active busi
ness. "I'm a good deal; of a loafer."
"It's a'shame," was Mr. Roosevelt's
honest verdict. And "NibUck" says he
meant it.- — From "Theodore Roosevelt:
An Outdoor man," by Henry Beach
Needham, in the January
"I only wish," he. cried, "that it was a
whple bunch of automobiles:"
Regretting that he could not wipe them
all out the admiral climbed into the rig
ging and watched the battle.
Elijah went up In his chariot of fire.
"I guess something happened to the
sparker," he said as he flew by.
Jack Sprat could eat no fat and his wife
could not tolerate the lean. \u25a0«/' '
"How did you ever get along?" inquired
a friend.
"We asked Mr. % Roosevelt's advice,"
they replied.
Whereupon the friend wrote . to the
great man and wanted to know what
will take off warts.— New.. York World.
LIFE'S A GALLOP!
A. J. WATERHOUSE
LIFE'S a gallop! Cannot halt,
E'en'to rub your shins;
If you do, why, you're at fault;
Other fellow wins!
\u25a0 •, . \u25a0• \u25a0
Life's a gallop in a groove.
See the shadows flit.
Hey, you duffer! Get a move!
Life's a gallop! Git!
Life's a gallop! Let 'er zip!
Have no time to spare; .
If we pause the reins to grip,
Other chap gets there!
Gets where, sonny? I don't know,
Nor do you, a bit.
Clutch the reins, and let 'er go!
Life's a gallop! Git!
Life's a gallop! What's the prize?
Don't know that "I've heard;
But you bet the charger flies!
"Hustle!" is the word.
Got to hurry, or we'll lose
Something fine, to wit—
Diff'rent men have diff' rent views —
Life's a gallop! Git!
Life's a merry, merry chase!
If you doubt the same,
Just step out and leave the race —
You can't win the same.
Only know one fact besides;
Here I mention it: •
Qften fools the fastest ride —
'Life's a: gallop! Git! f: ;,'
MAKING MARRIED LIFE HAPPY
To the Editor of The Call.
.Angela Morgan says in The Call un
der date of December 26 that a'husband
protests that she is not fair to the men
in laying upon them the blame for lack
of romance in married life.
I agree with the husband to a certain,
extent. I speak from experience and
observation, ' but we must go farther
back than married life. Most of tho
unhappiness in married life might be
averted if the courtship is properly
carried on. Mothers are responsible for
nearly all of the tears and heartburn
ings of their daughters after marriage.
A sensible mother generally rears sen
sible daughters and will being ap : her
girls to .work— that is, to understand
thoroughly the ins and outs of ' house
keeping, and those duties must be per
formed :and learned by .;. actual, experi
ence. It is' too common, a' custom of
to-day for a . mother to jdo the washing,
ironing, cooking and every kind of
housework that is . absolutely neces
sary to make a happy home.
•>A?man may/ admire . his wife for her
beauty, her; accomplishments, her taste
in dress and all ; that,. but if she is not
a good cook and housekeeper there will
be . dissatisfaction: V
It is commonly : said that one must
reach.a man's heart through lus . stom
ach. • There is more " truth than" poetry
in that "assertion,, but it is not t becausu
men are fonderj.of Igood . things tO'eat
than women. But ', we will take, for_ in
stance, a. clerk in the city: or a farmer
in the- country, or any man that works
for a living. He marries ) and settles
down. ' His main object in , life ; is ,to
provide for the home; he has estab
lished. The young wife's main object
is; to please. She\lovesJ to hear
footstep 1 on; entering the v home, and if
she has .' had the right bringing up hen
house . will be- neat, .'tidy; and :com
fortable.U . \u25a0\u25a0-, .....
?l Sh'o will ' b'c \u25a0 prompt- with meals and ; the
food - will be 'well cojoked,' the dishes ; nicer
ly\; served,'-; a 1 ; smiling }face,ya pat:on the
shoulder and ; an _; "Ah, this is what I call
genuine; home; comfort; who wouldn't; be
a married .;" man?!'.;, from ' her 'husband
should be. mure of a compliment to a wife
than- all ; the" honeyed l" expressions of ad
miration i that; he "\u25a0 bestowed upon \u25a0 her."? in
their courtship".- -It .shows; that she' is all
'and -"more 'than 'he expected she- could be
tn-hlm.-flajjilSßßaßlajß
; As I, have said, mothers are responsible.
Young people seldom, s?e : each other, as
they are in real life, i.-. : when 'the young
man : is " expected the "-'mother too ;o; of ton
"says, : !*>Jow .daughter, ? fix r yourself up, 1
—NEW YORK HERALD.
will do the work, I don't want you to look
shabby." When John comes he never
sees his .etheart except when she is
dressed up and looking her prettiest.
After they are married, of course, a
woman cannot always be looking so
sweet and dainty. But the, young man
notices the change; whereas, if the girl
had gone- on with her work she would
have been just as much admired and they
would have been better acquainted.
. Another thing responsible for family
jars is the money question. To my mind,
if is absurd to hear a woman say: "I have
to ask my husband . for every cent I
need." Now imagine two men going Into
partnership and one asking the other for
money. There is nothing that will make a
woman more economical and saving than
for her husband to have implicit confi
dence in her judgment as to what they
can afford to spend. She appreciates the
trust he places in her and will \u25a0 strive to
save- and thereby win his love and ap
proval. A man has more respect, for a
woman \that encourages his efforts and
schools herself to understand . the prob
lem of making a living, considering her
self - his ; equal ... in all matters. It is
man's place to provide, but it is woman's
place -to care for the home and see to it
that- nothing is ; wasted. It is woman's
nature to wish to be admired and loved,
and that . Is as it should be, but If the
husband does neglect sometimes to say
sweet nothings let it pass. When a hus
band says he has never seen a woman
that can make a house look so sweet and
cozy as ; you do and he is alwayaj more
pleased to" come home than to go any
where , else, he is satisfied he is paying
you; the greatest compliment that a man
can pay. A sullen, fretful face will drive
a man to the saloon sometimes. Culti
vate-cheerfulness if you desire a happy
home. :;>;r MRS. C. W. LAWSON.
Nova to, Cal.. .December 27. *
ONE TOOMANY.
"You've, been up against too many
bars,- to-day, my man," said the kind
hearted Judge" to tho man charged
with f liquor.
"Yes. your Honor," was the reply,
"but you must, remembW I didn't come
tothla one of my -own fref hvill."
.Ycmkers.Statesmnn. , " " .
AS TO DAIRIES.
I wonder if tho fairies sit
On tondstoqlsiwhen they rest.
Ami if. when they would sleep a bit.
\u25a0 They like 11 mushroom best?
;, , \ —St. Nicholas.
FOREIGNERS
IN THE LAND
OF THE CZAR
IX REFLATING an Interview with a.
Russian official, in his article.
"Russian Peasant Riots," in the
January Everybody's. Ernest Poolo
says: .
"The Chancellor smiled.
" 'Not long 1 ago,' he replied, 'a gen
tleman came here with just such a
letter. But meanwhile thy Governor
had received different orders frora
seme one else In Petersburg. The
gentleman did not see the peasants."
•• 'Let's get out of this.* I said, speak
ing low in English. 'Let's hire a
slai-^h and just begin looking as we
did in those other villages. At least
we can see something before we gee
expelled.*
"Unfortunately the Chancellor
caught my meaning.
" 'If you try to see the peasants by
yourselves,' he said, "you will not only
be watched by the police, but some at
least of the peasants to whom you talk
will be our spies. We have telephones
to every village and in two hours at
latest we shall know not only whom
you have seen, but also what you
yourselves have said. Meanwhile you
will have been seized and thrown Into
a village jail, awaiting our orders.'
He smiled grimly. 'Our village police
ara rough fellows. They would doubt
less flog you both in jail before we
could inform t*hem who you were. OC
course, we should be sorry for this
and should reprimand them. But in
the meantime you see you would have
been flogged.' "
HOPE OF AMERICA.
An X editorial in the January Century
suggests that we are deteriorating in our
demagogues, but points out grounds of
hope for America's future:
It is to be feared that in the future
the dangers from the demagogues in
American politics is perhaps greater than
ever. I{ sometimes looks as if we were
d«te*iprating as to the character of our
demagogues, as if some even of our de
cent citizens were willing to advance the
fortunes of politicians of more disreputa
ble record, of more vlndictiveness la their
methods, of more loathsome cant and
hypocrisy and of more evil influence, than
have hitherto been able to make good
men their dupes. In every community
there is crying need of men, young and
old, who will take a hand in civic con
cerns, not for the graft that is in them,
not merely for the glory that is in them,
but in a pure and patriotic spirit and with
the love of and the reward of legitimate
fame. Our institutions are making such
men; two bright examples are now living
and greatly honored among us—lnspira
tions to all. One of these men has been
the President of our country, and one is
now its President. The country that has
found and used and honored such men is
capable of producing more of the same
fiber— and. in fact. Is doing so before our
eyes. In this is the hope of Amertea.
LONGEVITY AND LIQUOR
It has come to be generally recognized
as a fact that the alcohot habit Is one
of the main factors in determining length
of life. Figures furnished by insurance
companies in England show that the aver
age life of the total ab/»ralner is nine
years longer than that of ihe drinker, and
one of our own concerns in the same line
of business, the Equitable, has published
a statement to the effect that the death
rate, among "moderate" consumers of
liquor is 23 per cent higher than among
teetotalers. Some of the companies on
both sides of the water, indeed, put ab
stainers in a separate class among their
policy-holders, making them a special al
lowance of 5 per cent or more on pre
miums.—Pearson's Magazine.
HONEST ENGINEER.
"Texas is ona of the most moral States
in the Union,*' said Opie Read, the lec
turer. "Now don't laugh. An old Kan
sas man now living there told me so. No
swearing there at all. "Why, the only
swearing I heard there was myself talk
ing about railroad trains, and that wasn't
real cussing— just justifiable criticism.
Great train service they have In Texas!
Cotton belt train came in on time In a
little town on the line, and the Commer
cial Club was so pleased It raised a purse
for the engineer. Honest man, he was.
though, and be said, 'I can't take this
money, friends; this is yesterday's
train.' "—Kansas City Journal.
JUST A COMMON LITTLE BOY.
Just a common little boy!
Like to other boys, mayhap;
Comes and cuddles at the sleep hour,
. In my lap.
Yet I own, with arms around him.
All the wealth of mother- joys;
Like to mothers of all common
Little boys.
— Tom Watson's Magazine,
PICKINGS^ROM PUCK.
-The Ardent Elephant — Tour beauty Is
skin deep, darling.
. Miss Hippo— Oh, you wicked flat
terer!
A - dead town, in the American sense,
is a town where the streets are not all
the' time being torn up.
We read that civilization is killing
art in Japan, but -we don't believe a
word of it. We know art. She is one
of those skecry females who will yell
"Murder 1 ." if a dish falls.
Madge — Why do you think she has
passed the age of 30?
Mllllcent — Because sh» invariably
says "us girls."
We'd think a good deal better of
some people if they didn't think so well
of themselves as to make it unneces
sary.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
POKER-H. V. W., City. In the game
of poker, a straight always beats triplets
or three of a kind.
EL. PASO— A. O. S., City. This depart
ment has no information as to whether
"Ben Thompson was Marshal of Texas."
Suggest that you send a letter of inquiry
to the office of the Governor of the Terri
tory of Arizona.
CLAIM — O. S.. City. If >°v have a
claim 'against, the Qovernment of Co
lombia. South -America, and ar* a
citizen of Denmark, you would better lay
the 'matter before the Consul of Den
mark, who^will give you advice as to
the proper course to follow.
FIVE HUNDRED— M. W. H.. Berke
ley. Cal. In the game of Qve hundred
if a player has no trump card but has
the joker he is not required to play
the Joker If he cannot follow suit If
a card is led and the player has trump
cards he cannot play the joker.
Townsend's California glace fruits
and choicest candies In artistic flre-,
etched boxes. New store, 767 1 Market. *\
Special information supplied daily to
buslne*!* houses and* pubtic men by the
Press CHppinj; Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mais 1042.GIiA^HIC iss a way wc,Jl understood i
to o-? a pood one tor telling a story. !
When in words it Is done so, it is be- j
'cause the sentences reveal the idea with |
Uxe swiftness and sureness of°pietorial |
effect. It is as if a wizard says 'See:' j
and the? thoughts .he wishes to corfcvey
are at once' realized by means of the
vivid scene he suddenly summons be
fore your «yes/ .So the best t-oinbina- j
lion of Bpoken or written words can Ijnt j
be •. oir.:>ured as cleverly Imitative of the i
graphic power of.the artist of brush or I
pencit. * Among thest-, for many pur- |
poses, the swiftest conveyers of picto- j
rial idea a,re the cartoonists. They use
few lines* and make every stroke tell.
KTtnpliasis-onine w^snttala comes from
ihvs elimination of all but the very |
' . '.«*ssary. The cartoonist compels you
to sec what he wishes you to see; an-A
lie accomplishes this partly by With-,
holding from his picture every line that I
miglit leafl the *raind to wandering. !
wastefuKy of time and attention, from
the mair point at issue. So the very |
iucumi'lefviy.'ss of his picture in the
master of detail,, softness and 'finish, ac- ;
tuaily makes it. more complete for his,
main purpose — which is to make you
i>el as to his transferred thought, "it
strikes me." . • •
it is a irreat art and capable of fine
use?, not only the great one of being
just to ar.iuse.'but also to point a moral,
to fcive to the truth about some new po
jiiiral idea a 'power of swiftly spread
ing through the masses, to jab with
satiric blow some social folly more
oeadly to it than any gl^e of words. It
<an move to n.errjr laughter, scornful
resentment or charitable pity, by Its
MUick production of impression, multi
tudes who would have no time nor pu
tiente to read the many words neces
sary to call forth a like effect. A fine
example of such art is the new book.
"The. Mysterious* Stranger and Other
Cartoon*.* by John T. McCutcheon. He
Is a ciev«r and very versatile cartoon
ist. When our President goes on a
bunting holiday he makes us see the
sport and. laugh food naturedly over
the tremendous^ sftrenuousnes^s of the
chase; when the sentimental time of
s;>ring comes round he shows us how the
under pa&sfon moves the schoolboy and
sets us amusedly musing upon ho*'
very early nature begins to work upon
rfcan through the influences of the eter
nal feminine; when the most powerful
. of autocrats makes a mistake that
causes his vaVt empire to Wfter with
weakness he shows us the" why of the
< atastrophe with a few strokes of his
i*>noil; when the good Pope' Leo XIII
nied the sure touch of the master car
toonist expressed the catholicity "of the
world's mourning by drawing a band
of rrape around the globe.
The drawings in this collection were
originally published in the. Chicago Tri
bune and the Chicago Record-Herald,
and art reprinted in book form by per
mission of those publishers. There is
generous room for the pictures for the
pages are 9x12. and it is generously
thick, too. for the author pictorially
tells a great number of stories. The
full page picture called "Another Mys
i«-riou^ Stranger"' shows Oyama in the
act ot stepping upon a pedestal, which
i? added to a long line of them occu
pied b*y the worlds greatest military
geniuses from Alexander to Napoleon.
Kuropatkin, with gesture of astonish
ment, staros at the sudden stepping up
of this- addition, and in his hand he
holds a. broken fragment of a sword.
Roosevelt's hunting calls forth much of
the cartoonist's most enthusiastic work.
The book opens with one of these named,
"A Quiet Day," and in it the President,
leaving a collection of slaughtered wolves,
'.cars and cougars scattered along his
'.tail, hurries forward, shooting cougars
lrorn trees with a revolver held in his
light hand, while the same hand grasps
the rod that is catching speckled trout
from the river; his left hand seizes a
coyote by the tail; his right foot kicks a,
grizzly bear, back-broken, high in the air;
hie left foot crushes the life out of a
rattlesnake; and ahead of him more
lierce beasts are fleeing. In other places
when he trees the bears they are clus
tered upon the limbs like prunes lade the
twigs in a Santa Clara orchard; and
when a news item states that "the Presi
dent has been on the trail of a grizzly for
four days." the way McCutcheon shows
the tracks of that trail coming from far,
forty-nine miles away across the snowy
mountains and Teddy close to the tail of
th* terrified grizzly, the man ' with one
knife in his hand and another In his
lr^th. hat In his hand and his bare brow
beaded with the big sweat ot four days'
firenuous stride, and the galloping bear
with nig tongue-hung-out exhaustion and
eye* astart with horror, is a thing, once
you have seen it, to be remembered hap
pily ever after.
A good story told in a series of pictures
is that of "A Schoolboy in Springtime."
The little fellow site dolefully on the
doorsteps and four comical looking dogs
watch his attitude and expression with
puzzled wonder. He is in love with a
little girl who, unfortunately for < him.
but most fortunately for another follow,
is giving h<>r attention to that other fel
low. The doleful boy iy not yet altruistic
enough to rejoice in the fact that the
good thing is not altogether lost, although
himself docs not get the girL He tays to
himself. "Every time I think of her I
have the queerest kind of feeling, kind o'
like a painless stomach ache, only not so
much. I wonder why?" Next picture he
meets his inamorata all alcne but for his
presence, and there with hand on heart
protests his adoration. And oh, my, the
expressions on the faces of the demure
maiden and the precocious ewaln who
fwfars, "Honest, cross my heart, you're
the first girl I ever said it to." Last
Hcene of all that ends this eventful
story; the little girl is going off with the
other fellow, and the unfortunate left
one muses sadly leaning upon a post, and
v.ith an expression masterfully conceived
«n<3 cartooned, which the four dogs at
tentively consider with their heads held
'\u25a0o one side, as eagerly listening dogs are
wont to do. The words they hear are
these: "Some day she'll be sorry she,
\u25a0 r«:n(.d me this away. I'll go 'way and
isnke lots o* money end come back here
rif iing in a carriage with four white
horse*, and when she tries to catch my !
<> f - I'll pertend I never s&en.her before."!
This cleverly, cartoonly toJd story will i
remin.l many men that "we are but chll- !
dr*>n of a larger growth.*" j
Ind«'f-ii we wonder if that man ever j
was who never at some time wanted!
Bfinc woman or girl he couldn't get. i
Perhaps Cartoonist McCutcheon was I
thinking philosophically of this prob
able fact when he did this study on
mankind in miniature; und maybe he
was mus-ins; as he pushed the pencil
that providence was dealing eently I
with the boy when his training began •
ever so early to teach him to do with- j
out the feminine his fancy craves if J
fate decrees he cannot ha\e her; for so. I
peradventure. shall he when grown
to manhood be saved from that sullen
hearted inability to feel "unjcalous joy
m Joys not made for us," which so of
fen makes suicide- of the weak, and, of
the coarsely strong, snatchers of sub
stitutes. /
Strongest of all the cartoons in this
book are the ones which deal with Rus-,
*ian affaiis. Some of these.* though
A BOOK OF CLEVER
CARTOONS; AND SOME OTHERS
done in the past, are very pertinent to
the present, because of Russia's still
horrible predicament. There Is one
which depicts the Czar seated dejected
ly upon a block of ice in the streets of
SL Petersburg, The whiskered man
has a boy's toy with him. The toy is a
house set on wheels and with a string
so the Czar can pull it around and play
with it. There is a flag flying on top
of the toy with this legend, "The
Hague Peace Tribunal." On the wall
behind him is this placard fn large let
ters: "LOST — At the Winter Palace,
Sunday, January, 22. ONE GOLDEN
OPPORTUNITY to win the confidence
and gratitude of my people and the re
spect of the. world. — Nicholas the 2d."
.When it is remembered that this was
the date of the Czar's cowardly re
fusal to come out and reply personally
to the liumble petition made by the
workmen with suci. a pathetic .appeal
.for his personal consideration as a still
beloved and trusted sovereign, and also
the date of the slaughter of the. peti
tioners, we can get the force of the
Cartoon. It is a cartoon that keeps
well and is as valuable to-day as on
the date it was uttered. Another one
\u25a0of like import and power is" of the
"Hague Peace Tribunal," showing this
building with all the signs of vacancy
and untenanted neglect. The windows
smashed, cobwebs over the door and
the big placard, "For Rent," hanging
upon it. It is a biting satire on the
fact .that the Czar led !n the establish
ment of this peace tribunal and took
t"he wlory of the deed to himself, and
then was the first to refuse to obey the
great principle for which it stood. The
picture contains the further sarcasm
upon Russian delinquency in the sign
which shows up from a wall near The
.Hague Tribunal. It says "Vodka —
khat's. all.' That play up^n the well
known advertisement of a brand of
whisky is at once a stroke at the cor-
Tuptjon of .Russian autocrats in com
mand and at the incompetence of . the
Russian soldiers in the field of battle.
c (McClure, Phillips & Co., New York.)
— \u2666
&N APPRECIATION OF
BOOKS AS COMPANIONS
A book about boa'is, when it is written
by'an ardent and diseriminatinc appre
ciator of those treasures, is nearly always
one which -we w}s!t not merely to ,rea.d
but to make a permanent possessions so
that when we half remember something
that one time pleased our fancy we can
.quickly lay our hand upon the where its
other half Is and thus wholly bring that
pkasure back. Such a good one "for
keeps'' Is "The Companionship of Books
and Other papers," by Frederick Row
land Marvin. Save for the first essay
in the collection of papers which gives
its title to the volume the work is not
so much about books as about interesting
bits that have been culled from books.
The papers were written in an environ
ment which lent all the aower of literary
atmosphere to the charm of their "com
position, for the author, whose home is
m .Albany. N. V.. has a library of more
than 4<*X» rare and costly volumes, many
of which are presentation and extra
illustrated copies and tirst editions. In
company as that if the author has
lovingly examined his treasures, and none
can doubt that Marvin has, the writing
of papers is apt to be done with literary
excellence.
One of these papers is called "Chips
From a Literary Workshop." All of
these chips are quite small, but of fine
grain, so as to be worth picking up to
admire the texture. In one of them the
author takes good-natured issue with
Professor Park, who said that "style Is
only the frame to hold our thoughts."
Marvin says that style is not the opaque
sash, but the transparent glass which
transmits the pure light of thought. "The
value of an attractive style is best shown
by the significant fact that he who de
cries it must do so in the very style
he decries. or go without readers." Here
is one of these chips, which, though it is
very tiny, has value enough to be worth
picking up and taking , note of: "None
are so old as they who have outlived en
thusiasm."
The short paper on Hafiz, "the Prince
of Persian ooets," has some favorable in
terpretations of that songful believer in
the philosophy of joy. Marvin tells us of
the legend that Zikhr, the Mohammedan
Elijah, brought Haliz a draught from the
fountain of living water; but Marvin
thinks it is more believable that the Per
sian's genius was nursed upon wine from
the warm breasts of the grape. This poet
of "love, wine, flowers and beauty" is
said to have lived a life that illustrated a
famous motto over a sundial:- "Horas
non numero nisi serenas. He counted
none but the cloudless hours." He hated
cant in both love and religion. It must
be admitted that some of his lines seem
to preach the throwing away 'of all re
ligion for the snke of the joy of loving.
In the midnicht of thy locks
I renounce the day; • t ,
In the rlnt or thy rosy lips
My h<-art forjcfcUi to pray.
Marvin warns us we must not mis
take Ila.fiz lor a mere sensualist. The
following expressions of judgment on
that subject are doubly Interesting
from the fact .nat Marvin is the pastor
of a Christian church:'
"If his songs and philosophy under
rained the faith of his age and Country,
it is clear to us, and was to many of his
own time, that the destruction was in
the interest of truth. He exalted
health, gladness, nature and humanity
over superstition, disease and brood
ing melancholy. • •' • He was a
child of the sun and all his songs were
sunbeams. He seized^ upon the com
mon experiences of mankind and upon
the most trivial objects and glorified
them with new spirit and recreative
genius. Even the \u25a0 wildest drinking
songs and most amorous verses have
this redeeming feature. The world is
richer and better for nearly every line
it has received from the^ lovely and
health bestowing Haflz." ' |
Here is the way Oriental thought
makes romance out of the most ordi
nary passion:
Thtt ohcinint of }ova
Will this perishing mold.
Were It made out of mire. '
Transmute into gold.
The paper that will be of widest in
terest is the one concerning that fam
i ous modern philippic, the "Father
' Damien Letter," written by Robert
i Louis Stevenson. That letter is * one of
' the most brilliant ever written, and Is
! perhaps the most brutal thing: that
Stevenson ever did. The consideration
of it is a study at once in literature, In
morals and in psychology. It ls^sald
that there is reason to believe that
Stevenson In after: years regretted the
letter and would gladly have recalled
it ' had that been possible. "
In a paper called "Success" this lover
of books and owner of a treasure of a
library gives to authors who are some-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905.
ILLUSTRATION FROM JOHN T.McCUTCHEON'S BOOK OF CLEVER CARTOONS
times discouraged because the best
writing is not always the most popular
this advice: "Let each man give the age
the best there is in him. Let the noblest
word be spoken, even though, it die in
immediate silence with no suggestion
of an echo."
<G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York;
$1 30.)
A BOOK THAT BRINGS
v STEVENSON TO MIND
If you like stories that are written in a
style , that will strongly remind you of
Robert Louis Stevenson's work, then
there is a treat In store for you if you will
read "Lgsct's Luck." Another very good
reason fur reading it is that it Is written
by a promising new California author.
Charles Tenncy Jackson. . A third reason
is that it is the work of a man who went
through considerable stress «jf misfortunes
and losers' luck before h,e found success;
not that misfortune of itself makes Inter
est, but the talent that passes through it
unweakened and unspoiled is usually
purged and tempered by the test which
makes the mettle of it ring with a quality
not otherwise attained: All. can easily
understand, too, that In .such a case,
when a bock is favorably, received by the
public, the success will be more keenly
appreciated by the workman. .The test
readers of the manuscript, who' examined
it for the publishers, Henry Holt & Co.,
were delighted with the story, and very
confident if its success.
Charles *Tenney Jackson made his first
success in literary work by winning ouie
of the fifty-dollar prizes which were . of
fered by The Call for abort' stories. After
that he won other, prizes, and has 'devel
oped his "talent for fiction, until now he
has executed this comparatively; long
story, which makes a bcok of 327 pages,
which promises to be a success. The story
starts from San Francisco Bay, .and' the
start-off is with a fine dash, which draws
the reader at once into rapport . '.with \h&
writer. The first scene is lon board a
tnasr-ificently swift pleasure yacht which
h< lying on the bay— all' ready equipped
for a voyage". The owner, Stevenson, has
insfusted the details of preparation
wholly to the ship's master, old Mendez,'
a Central' Ametiean.^ The yachts-n ame
Is the'ltata. Her owner, is 'en. board 'jvlth
a party of. friends, to -.wit: 'Eldred; a
fessor of mines- and; metallurgy; with a
position In one of the. Western universi
tifcs, who tells the tale; In the" first' per
son ; Lieutenant Lamdnt > of; the^ marines *
who Is on board to examine : and vreport
on the correctness of r the ; : boat's 'cargo;
the Consul of Guatemala ; \u25a0 and \u25a0"& S humor
ous and dare-devil ex-jockey. ', called
Danny. To the: astonishment iof the lie.u
tc-nant of the Marine Corps the "boat,; is
found, to be* stocked with' rifles; and 'ma
chine guns ; enough to start ? a; small Irevo-,,
Jution. Stevenson is surprised,"
and ', can jfive no . explanation ' to '• the
cer. Suddenly/ whUe they; are; discussing
the mystery, . they hear a row, on ; deck,i
and In a few ' minutes .find'^ themselves
prisoners of a crew of roughs who have
btcn h'rtid to i; seize the j. yacht and" - sail
away to Central America to aid In a rev
olution.
."From the deck \u25a0 came cries, the rattle
of ; ha-vsers, '• the quick ourst of a sail;
then the surge of the yacht's bows as her
great boom swung to port. She gathered
herself; she leaped from -the anchorage;
there came the. smart epatter of waves
against v her steel plates."
They are chased by a United States
cruiser, but outrace her,- and Stevenson,
who loves his yacht better than he loves
anything on earth, better even than he
"loves women, took a reckless satisfaction
in : the speed of his pet. He'd -rather re
main prisoner than see his favorite beaten
in- a: sailing, contest..,' So they "watched
the white cruiser, which had come out of
San Francisco harbor and was surging
south with a bone" in her teeth . and^Axn
angry roll of black : smoke from ! her
stacks .*. * * when it appeared that the
itata.Sfunning free with a ripping wind
off her quarter, was pulling slowly away
from her."
"Rut, the young naval man fumed at
the porthole ; with 'the most impotent ex
asperation to which 1 : ever saw a man
yield.". - . ; . '• ~
The interest is made thrilling enough
just "with that situation- of -affairs; -.but
when ; the. owne- of the-^jjacht - and". his
friends find -that there is, a magnificently
beautiful and \u25a0 imperiously -. commanding
young woman, aboard, , who is \u25a0in com
mand-of the .lawless .expedition, the ro
mance of their predicament" Into which
fate "has suddenly_ snatched 'them bursts
upon their .Imaginations with -now. mys
tery to ".wonder about,: and new and (very
mixed 'emotions ; of the gallantry of nat
ural enslavement to the fair and .indig
nant rebellion, against .being made, her
prisoners. This girl proves to be a prin
cess of Central; America", with the royal
blood of.:the Monrezumas Injhcr veins.
She has an ambitious scheme to unite and
arm "the Indians of. Guatemala, and, over-;
throwing , the^Governrhent, ; establish an
Indian dynasty to rule in vhe' land: that
once was theirs of unquestioned right.
\u25a0 was an indefinable challenge
about that girl; her mere liresence^could
Btir- men ' to Latin: she was,
of the^ Moreno type, or even darker , with
some . untamed blood ;. of. the 1 South,', yet
with an olive purity in her slightly
aquiline face, ; that- seemed born: of, sun
and air and free spaces.*; I could not bring
myself, to | trust her; .the, eyes which had
a play :of light and depth like' a , sea
storm's 'passion that ; can hush" t ar.*off to
tenderness or ( flash out in fury ;( the mock
ing:.; nxpresslveness ; of her^mouth, . mobile;"
tender,' with (a; sensuous j, elusivcnesH i tell
ing love's xruelty. Barbaric in beauty
she' was, and I had an odd .sensation ! of
being;! hurried { back 'a , thousand } years ior
'soSinto; the,} presences of Ja"; woman' of •an
unknown s people "and; a sforgotten5 forgotten age.V",
\u25a0 r This beautiful and "girl thai
another/virtual 'prisoner "aboard •; in '- the
person 'of .De', Rizel, a. wealthy planter "of
Guatemala, .; with { whom : she is \u25a0- in " ; love
and whom J she s. wishes •to induee } to ; help
in her/ revolutionary: scheme: - ,De ' Rizel
is* for peace . and . ihe * established ' govern
ment, \ but at last , his love for' tho^cirl
carries him into -' the attempted; revb.lu^
tiou.' In : fact all the men L . fall into a lov-
ing sympathy with her and join in her
risky adventure. This complication makes
fine opportunity to of. love and war
when", they arrive in Guatemala. They
fight and lose; but the losers' luck is
glorious, f or . De Rizel receives the" pas
sionate love of the Montezuma girl and
the other men rpjoice in seeing them
saved "from death and happy irv. their ro
mance: Stevenson loves her so dearly
that although ,he cannot have her for
himself he helps" to make her happy by
giving her hi 3 beloved yacht, which up
to the time he fell under .'the spell of
admiration for. this young woman he, had
more than the favors of any. of
the fair. -De Rizel is close to death's
: door with:the fever "of " his fight for her
! cause. The girl- went. to him. "She bent
.over the cot, caressing him ; kneeling to
i shower upon him the' -passionate', love
| words in which Spanish is so rich and
; English so poor. \u2666 *\u25a0* Ueneath the hot
'abandon of her kisses' he broke into a
Joyful exclamation, holding back her
forehead' to .gaze into- her., eyes, a,s -If
this was a miracle that hnd cometo be."
Delgado, " for such was the
name of the Princess, took her lover, away
| with her on* a voyage in search of health,
and because Stevenson loved her, J too,
she let him give "her a bill of "sale to
hin beautiful yacht^ "Yes," she whispered,
"it's like' you to -.take it so— to laugh
just, laugh, even If n bit queorly, at me.
and go ;on brave and, hopeful always!"
"And. laughing, ' a Vbit. queerly, . indeed,
he kissed her; and then ran- down the
yacht's gangway .to the yawl." s '\u25a0
•(Henry: Holt & Co., NewA'ork; $1 " TiO.>
GIFT'BOOK SUITABLE
TO SEND TO THE EAST
A beautiful little gift book suitable for
•Westerners, to send to Eastern friends Is
"The Legend of Multnomah Falls," by
Mrs. Susan W. Smith of Portland. Or. It
Is /a tiny, dainty thing, bound in cadet
gray,; neatly printed; on handsome, rough
ed&ed : paper, and Illustrated a with pic
tures |of fine scenery J from the 'Columbia.
The; chief \u25a0 view given, Is that of \wfcn
'derful Multnomah Falls; which is the
"greatest 0f ..: all -.the 'cascades that beau
tify -the magnificent cliffs of the Upper
Columbia." The leap of the 'water Is SOO
fent,'. followed by, a second plunge^ of forty
feet. . Out -^ of tho; varied legends,. /which
the v lndians ; : tell '". in • with all
t'ie': falls. of the Columbia, the, "author. has
sek-cted-i : this \u25a0' as the one .' Iwhich \u25a0*' best
pleased "her: .and she. has told; it in un
rhymed ; verse . > in ( words :of simple . elo
quence : which reveal' intense feeling for
'the; "symbolic meaning-, /of the Indian
story.b*." ; : J YV;V '\u25a0*;. :«'"- ; -' '„":\u25a0-• \u25a0" r :>'.'\u25a0' --' : - s:
: Multnomah v was . a ,i; beautiful . -Indian
malden.\who", , so/ the legend : relates,. was
transf orraedi Into this J beautiful .waterfall
which 1 bears ? heri name, fi Sickness.-^ pestl
jencer and death had come k to the- Indians,
and the leaders * of, the T . tribe oelleved that
the \u25a0 Groat Spirit ; was angry t ? with their
people 'and had' hidden" hiSjfface from
them; j Nothing', would' appease him . but: a
Vac'rifice; 1 : and 'the' victim nju*s't : : be a per
fectly .pure maiden. • A -further, condition
is- that the sacrifice must be willingly
made by the maiden. Who will offer?
Hark: A soft .tread breaks the stillness,
So light it seemeth part of the silence.
It is Multnomah, the old chief's daughter.
The author gives some descriptions of
the fine scenery. Especially i are we to
note that of tue cliff mirrored in the river,
from which and into which the maiden
Is to throw herself In sacrifice. We are
to Imagine her as breathing a prayer for
a token that she will be accepted as a
sacrifice sufficiently pure to save her af
flicted people; the solemn, moonlit form
as she stands there amid that awe-inspir
ing scenery; the silence: the girl's . form
tottering to Its fall: the j sense \u25a0 that she
has been accepted as a sacrifice potent to
save because perfectly pure; the intima
tion [ that some secret token has been
vouchsafed" her by the Great Spirit in an
swer to her prayer; and then, in the ter
rible instant of her fall, this miracleT
•.\u25a0-\u25a0••'• Her form
As it falls is changed in a moment,
"In the twinkling of an eye,"
To the emblem, to man.
Of life, purity, spirit.
And ever adown the mountain side,
As ' long as the world shall be.- -
This beautiful, crystal white water shall fall
In memory — in memory.
(The Irwin-Hodson Company, . Portland,
Or.)
MAN OF LAW PROVES
HIiVISELF A TRUE POET
John E. Richards, lawyer and litera
ture lover, executor of pretty poems that
deserve to be more than amateur and
yet are worthy of : the name amateur In
the' fine sense of the word expressing
that the work is done for the dear love
of the beautiful in sound and sense, has
published ; a little collection :of his poetic
cameos entitled "Idylls of Monterey and
Other Verses."; : Do you ask why he did
it .' Look on the . dedication leaf and you
will, find the answer:. "For My Friends."
The poems are quite sweet enough to. be
recognized as a, labor of friendly love.
All of . it is already so select that it is
difficult to select from it: what^ to quote
In brief space. There is a pleasing one
called "The Cloud," of .which I give you:
the first stanza :
A cloud across the sunset -sky. .
A -single cloud, swings -slowly by:
So distant, yet- so bright. . it seems
"A.Bhip' upon theazure. deep, •\u25a0; '•
A sail upon the sea <of sleep, • '
The fancy freighted bark of dreams:
y- Oh, silver boat on 'shoreless blue! . ,
• My soul would . passase take with you,
An<l sail and seek, through sunlit air,
"Its". Paradise of . P«ace somewhere!
:, A .very ' pretty, passing , thought, swiftly
expressed, is this: ,' t
THE ABALONK." i
I saw a rainbow. • for \u25a0an instant, . Kleam, '
On the vext edge of a receding swell;
,The - next . soft surge, -,' .> '. |
V.'hich, whispering. \u25a0 souxht . the shore.
Swept to my feet an abalone shell;
It was ' the ; rainbow ; I had eeen - before.
There Is a : short j poem ; called "Success
and . Failure",' that ;. I* so ; fine in , thought
and expression that the mood In which the
author : was: when he wrote it must have
been ' inspired -\bv .getting .fully into his
soul some of Browning's magnanimous
philosophy. One to the California poppy
is worthy of that golden Bower. It closes
so:
Copa de Oro — cut> of sold:
Type of the treasured wealth untolJ.
Of the rich desire and the deep unrest.
Of the glorious, garlanded, golden west!
The "Legend of the Organ Rock" at
Monterey Bay is well told. The one called
"The Mvstlc" will appeal to all who are
mystics and love the romance of being
so. And this last one. which I give you
entire. I trust will please your ear with
the sound of Its music, your eye with the
imagination of the grace of soaring
wings, and your soul with the mystic
beauty of the thought which is conveyed
In this Inspiration born by the ocean
shore:
TO A SEAGULL.
Bird of the sea.
Ftearltss and free.
Hast thou a home on th« wide rolling ilpep?
Where la thy nest?
When dost thou rest.
And fold thy gray pinions In quiet *nd sleep?
AVamlerer X.
Between ocv?an and sky".
Home I have none on this comfortless shore:
But In far away isles.
"Where the tronic sun smiles.
And nature ii xentie and kind evermore,
, There Is" my restinz place.
There is my nesting place.
There my mate lingers and calls me to com*.
Soon sliall I wing afar.
X*ath the bright southern star.
Furl n:y soft sails in my own islarvl home.
(John E. Richards, San Jose, Cal)
UTERARY NOTES.
; That most delightful of prose poets.
Charles Warren Stoudard. has returned
after ten years' absence to his adopted
home, California, and Is now at work on
a book which will study the romance and
\ reality of Spanish mission life. Stoddarci*
own life contains more romance than gen
erally falls to the lot of a twentieth-cen
tury author. Fifty years ago, when Cali
fornia was very young and exceeding
lusty, he was taken West by his parents
from the family home in Rochester, N. Y.
At 16 years of age he was going around
Cape Horn as traveling companion for an
elder brother whose health had given out.
; and at 21 he was enjoying his first taste
of life in the South Seas. «.he guest there
of a sister who had married a wealthy
planter of the Hawaiian Islands. This
visit was the first of five which afterward
1 bore fruit in "South Sea Idyls," a book
Howells has characterized as the "light--
j est. wildest, freshest, sweetest thing ever
; written of the life of the summer ocean."
Bret Harte It was who suggested the title
of the book. But for Bret Harte. indeed,
the volume would very likely never have
been born, for Stoddard, though he loves
to write, is perhaps the laziest literary
man in America.
'From the pen of this man— to whom as
the "American Loti" Theodore Bentzon
(Mme. Blanc) devoted thirty pages of the
Revue dcs Deux Mondes not long as"o —
have come some of the most glowing bits
of color In our literature, things whlcft
"have the flavor of the pomegranate in
its native place/ the fire of the oleander,
the softness and languor of summer sea;*,
with a dash. too. of the surf with Its
curving foam, the whole pervaded by the
subtle spirit of the south."— The Reader
(magazine) for January.
Booth Tarkington left an order with
the publishers of John T. McCutcheon's
new book of cartoons. "The Mysterious
Stranger and Other Cartoons," for the
book to be forwarded to Capri imme
diately upon its issue. He writes. to a
! friend how much he has enjoyed the
cartoons now that he has seen them all
together. "They are like the stories wt>
hoped somebody would write," he says,
"and it's to our greater delight chut
we find them drawn instead of written."
2iovr York Sun.
The dinner given In honor of Mark
Twain Tuesday evening- by his asso
ciates In the Harper Bros." literary
shop and by his literary contemporar
ies, upon the occasion of his seven
tieth birthday, was the most remark
able thing of Its kind we have any rec
ollection of. He found himself sur
rounded by all of the stars and lesser
lights of the literary firmament, above
whom he towered as the, leader of them
all. America's greatest and most subtlf.
as well as wittiest, sage and philos
opher.
His speech will live as the brightest,
and sweetest he ever delivered on such
an occasion. He closed it with this deli
cate reference to the years that have
come and gone:
:,'*lf you shrink at thought of nlsbt
and winter, the late home-comins from
the banquet and the lights and the
laughter through the deserted streets —
a desolation which would not remind
you now, as for a generation it did.
that your friends are sleeping and you
must creep In a tiptoe and not disturb
them, but would only remind you that
you need not tiptoe, you can never dis
turb them more — if you shrink ;it
thought of these things, you need onlv
reply: 'Your invitation honors me and
pleases me because you still keep me in
your remembrance, but I am 70; 70,
and would nestle In the chimney cor
ner and smoke my pipe and read my
book, and take my rest, wishing you
well in all affection, and that when
you, in your turn, shall arrive at pier
70 you may step aboard your waiting:
ship with a reconciled spirit and lay
your course toward the sinking sun
with a contented heart.' "—New Haven
Register.
. BOOKS RECEIVED.
THE GREEK VIEW OF LJFE — B?
G. Lowes Dickinson. Third , edition.
McClure, Phillips & Co.. New York.
THE NEW IDOLATRY, and other dis
cussions — By Washington Gladden.
McClure. Phillips & Co., New York.
$1 20 net.
IRISH HISTORY AND THE IRISH
QUESTION— By Goldwln Smith. Mc-
Clure. Phillips & Co., New. York. $1 50.
STORY AND SONG-by • Louis F. Cur
tis. R- R. Donnelly &^Sons. Chicago.
WILD ROSES— By Janle Screven Hay
ward. The Neale Publishing Company,
New York.
I A DECADE OF CIVIC DEVELOP
MENT—By. Charles Zueblin. Univer
sity of Chicago" Press. Chicago.
THE VALLEY OF DREADS— -By H.
Hayden Sands. Alfred Bar tlett. Bos
ton. '
THE SUMMONS.
O Death, when thou art sent for me
Come not with tedious step and shrouded fao*
As unto one who. coward like.
Dares not the summons meet:
Rather come . Dromptly. yet for one moment
And draw thy veil aside, that I may see
The sweef.' true eyes, and thm.'
Putting myhaml.ln thine. '
May t fare bravifly forth along th« road
That leads from lesser nato skater L 4'«.
— Harry A." Rothrock. to January Upptqpett'*.
2728
For Preserving, Purilyipg
andßeautifyingthe Sfcin f
Scalß Hair, and Hands.:
Cndcara r-r *p eombinet dclinlr tcedicictl ked einoU °
Kent prrpcrti« <leri»ed from CutScur*, th* fenxt
Oarf. «iyi«Uie purert ol rleaminj; Jc(rre<il»iiti and th« *
tnn»t ntrcfhinp of flowrr odors. Two in one «tono
luirr 0 — tmic'y.'i Medicinal heo 1-oUrt So»p lor 2SC
rafter 1 >rue lOhno. Oorp^ r Prop*., Botoß. <,
O3T >iai.t<i I ret, "£ll About t!f Skin. 3<-«!p. tiufiiir."
Dear Mother
° %sour ones "are a constant care in.
° ° Fall and Winter weather. ' ° They wiU
gi-J.ch c:-U. Do you know about Shilch's \u25a0
Cure» the Lung Tphic, aijd"
t\"hat it has done {pr so many "k. •jt is said .
to bt the, only reliable, ttqnc&f for aU •
Baca«f of the air passages in chiitijen.
It h absolutely hanzilesj ar^l pleasant to".
-iiie. ItrsguaranteeJtocureorycj^^aohey .
c c is rehened. The price is 25c per botde, '
£o4all dealers in medicifie sell * I
Thj^tpmedy should be in every rtouseboU.
\u25a0> S<?ld by T1123 OWli DKUG CfO^-1128.
Markefsf. anj t-e Geary st. ao. -
><•» otlail >i hednlc
Mali may # be«dispaU:hcd to York
City on th*<! following 1 time «bhed°uje,
wlikrh o'vill into effect on Monday:'
Letters « leaving San • Fr^n e ci?co° at 11
a. m. Monday will arrtv6 in New York
City af x:J3,a. m. <?n "Friday; m^ii leav
iii j»- at :>Sp. m. will arrive, on" Friday
at ?:30 a. in., and mail leaving -here .on
Mondayoul 7 p. m. will -arrive. on'Sjt
urday p.fc 4530 a. in. Mails wilf .clo o se
at t!i<» jGoncr:il Postofiice in^tliis *ity
forty-tfve minutes prfor to- the hours
of <Jopartur<* and at the ferj-y station
thirty minutes prior. • ° •
Promote . the secretions of " rhe° urine
rind renew tlie encAiited kidneys by
usins Lash's Kidney »nd Liver BitterSc •
'.t-uct'.l for Svnasojrur
The Willing Workers" of The Busft
strcot i>ynag-og;u<» will Rive a* benefit
entertainment and dAnce at .Golden
late Hall on January 7. An «t<ractive
programme lias b<*en . arranp<cSl ( ( The
procpfus of the afTjfir will he «scd fro
sw<»ll th<? fund? of the sy/iagogue. The
oommittoe in charge* has boon working
lard to make the 'entertainment a sue-
«.-.-fi<l'l.'i-,v:!it«-r of Ex-PreMdeijt AVcdn.
Justi-v ofo tho Peace Van Nost'ra/id
yrsterday married Paul Kennedy of
1002 Farrameijto stret-t and Sadie
Brovrael!. a srranddaujrhter of forn\cr
PreFident Tylor. Kenscdy is a m^-.
chinist in t!j,o UrAoa Iron Works.
I .". . * ' The .•
Susiin Underwear
i g' ° '-^T^-COoMMENCES" . - —
TtTcwav- laniiarv ?
S uOR.rOST &ivEARNY oTS.
NEW PEERESS
FROM AMERICA
Wife of Forbes-Leith, Who
Wa-s Lately Made a Baron,
Had Her Home in St. Louis
MAY ENTERTAIN- KING
Considered Likely That His
Majesty Will Be a Guest
at Her Magnificent Castle
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I/>KDON T , Dec. 30.— 8y conferring a
barony on Alexander John Forbes-Leith,
King Edward has made another Ameri
can woman a peeress. Before her mar
riage, early in the 70's, Mrs. Forbes-Leith,
as she will continue to be known until
her husband decides to what he will
afhx his title of Lord, was Miss Ma
rie Louise January of St. Louis, and her
father was the proprietor of the Joliet
Steel Works. She has never been identi
fied with the Anglo-American colony, and
until the list of the King's birthday hon
ors was published it- was not generally
known that she was a daughter of Co
lumbia, iln fact, neither-she nor her hus
band, although they have a magnificent
town residence in Grosvenor Crescent,
have been conspicuous in ther social life
of the metropolis.
It is a somewhat striking commen
tary on the species of distinction that
leads to a seat in the House of Lords
that the recipient of the only peerage
created in commemoration of his Ma
jesty's birthday is not even mentioned
in- '-Who's ; ,Who." where the nime of
every who amounts to any
thing is -supposed to find a place.
• But now., that Forbes-Leith has, be-,
come a pjser, he is sure not to be over
looked in future edjtions. He is really
better desert-ing of such notice than
many folk whose -claims to contem
porary" fame are there recorded. He
contributed generously to" the raising
of" volunteers for* the Soutfr African
War, "in which his. only a son, an officer
in the Royal Dragoons,* took part and
lost his life. "
H*e is the son of a rear admira> and
was himself In ° the navy, but retired
from the service while still a lieuten
ant, to take life easy./ He is a \u25a0jveulthy
man, buf how much of his -money he
owes to.hijs wife is not known. Any
how he found himself with enough of
it after bis marriage "to purchase Fyvie
Clstle.in Aberdeen from Sir. Maurice
o Duff-Gordon. It is a »fin<? specimen \ of
"Scotch 'baronidl a'rehitecture and 'boasts
both a cAirse and "a - " ghost which are
supposed^ to- considerably • enhance its
valne. •.* \u25a0*;..*;\u25a0: . " .
>t Fyyia' ? Castle Mrs. Forbes-Leith
passes most of her time*, finding the
•t^an^uil" bleasmres o"f country life much
rno're' to' her .likipg • than .the giddy
\vhirl 6f«. social. Qistractions that are
cfrowded*. ipto * the London season. A
graudmother "herself 'with a- grandson
thirteen years old,' she is still. devoted
to children and"- at* Fyvie Castle she
jrives .many, .parties to # boys and girls
from "the" neighboring., villages and de
-ligrhts tliern-- with her. fairy tales, .of
« r hich s"he possesses •an inexhaustible
fcund. : &he shares -her husband's foiid
npss for'^ill. for.ms of. putdoor l,Ue, and
whether "seated bj.' his* side on the box?
stai of u*fpur l in-han'd or cruising writh"
him tu° nje yacht is. eqifally" at home.
He "is a notable yachtsman 'and is. a
merabtrof'ttiat most exclusive club" the
Jipyal Yacht- Sjiaadron, which; -rejected
Sir Thomas Li-nton c because- he is v
*tVadesma"n." • ( ' " .
•Their 'only, daughter is married to Colo
nel Charles Burn, wfro. is aide-de-camp to
the . Duke *of Coiinanght, the* King's
brqthej. .The Duke is the 'godfather of
the little .son.'who was*..born of .this mar
riase. ° " '. '\u25a0 . .• . \u25a0• '
Hitd Mrs. Forbes- Ljeith any ambition to
shine In .sociefy'she* could haye done so
long c ago. for her husband has much -in
.fluence-at court. One of his near -relatives,
the' daughter of ° Sir .Charles F orbes, is
the wife -of "Willie" James of West Dean
Park, an 4 one of* the- King's mosf'favored
hostesses. . It )s probable that as "my
4ady" Mrs. Forbes-"Leith will entertain
Auch more° e-xjtenslvely " than heretofore,
for the King expects the nobility, espe
cially those newly created, -to set an ex
ample o£ generous hQspitality. It is prob
able that, the .King will be a' guest at
I Eyvie Castl« before Jong. •
\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 .
Wants Statue- «»f° AVashlnjftou.
PARIS, Dec. 36.— An agitation is ris
mg for the reproduction and erection
in Paris of the .full-length statue of
Washington by Houdon In the vestibule
of "the State" Capitol of Virginia, which
French artists pronounce one of the
cho.icest examples of one of the greate
st of French masters. There are hints
In the artistic press here that the
United States would do a gracious
.thing and make return for Bartholdi's
Statue of Liberty if it were to present
Pajis With a bronze replica of Houdon's
Washington.
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, : SUNDAY, DECEMBER SI, ; 1905.
LONDON STREET
NAMES CONFUSING
Scores of 'Thoroughfares in
British Metropolis Known
by the Same Designation
STEAXGEBS MYSTIFIED
County Council Will Take Up
the Question and Will Try
to Straighten Out Matters
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec! 30.— London street
names are causing almost as much
trouble as the unemployed problem, or
fiscal reform. Even. the postal authori
ties are beginning to be worried. As
for strangers in the metropolis; it is
practically useless for sthem to ask
their way about unless they can give
more dtailed information than the mere
number of the house and name of 'the
street they want.'
The reason is simple enough. There
are literally hundreds of streets in Lon
don with identically the same name.
•Even such well-known places as Traf
algar Square are .duplicated ;in name
in several places; and there are exactly
106 streets named after Queen ;Victoria.
To illustrate the \u25a0 position, the story
of.some Americ. .', women'who recently,
"wanted to know", might be cited. They
were looking for Bond street, and fol-~
lowed the time-honored, precedent of
asking a policeman.
''How. do we get to Bond street?" they
said.
. Then the policeman asked a question:
"Do you want Bond street, off Amwell
street, Pentonville, North;. Bond street,
Vauxhall, Southwest London; Bond"
street, pff Piccadilly, West; New Bond
street, or Old Bond street— which? .
The ladies were staggered, but sug
gested that out of the five Bond streets,
perhaps it was the 'one off Piccadilly,
"where tfie". rings come from."
* In addressing London letters the ut
most confusion exists; and thus has.
grown \he cu«tom.*\of placing on each
London envelope- some initials Indicat
ing the. point "of the compass in the di
rection of which the streets might'pos
siWy be found. Some one suggested
that even more exactitude could be ob
tained in the indication of letters by
point's jot the comp.ass— something more
than 'the mere "N" indicating (north;
"S. W." indicating southwest; "E. C.V
showing: the lbcality to be east central;
a-nd so on. It has been suggested that
letters could be -addressed to Mr. So
and-so, in such a street, "northeast by
east-half "easi," and the postmen de
livering the letters could be equipped
with a CQmplete nautical outfit. But
>.hen even -this suggestion would
scarcely work, \ for during . the winter
months it would be almost impossible
for a postman to "get the sun" and his
observations would come to naught. '
It is .not at all an' -unusual thing for
. a person " living on John street . to have
his letter go completely around the cir
<*ult, of. the citj'r— trom north to sooth,
east and west and finally again •to
north before it gets to him, for, De- it
known, there are no lass than forty
height different John streets, in London.
*Bes-ides this, there 'are bewildering
compounds _of John street. ; There's
John Carpenter, street, and John Camp
bell road, and John b Tard and John's
Mews, and .the .changes y e rung on
Jq"hn .so much that if you ,'a.o looking
for. a man who lives anywhei \u25a0 ?in .a
street with a' John to it, 'you may as
well employ, a district-messenger- .to'
locate him first before you begin writ
ing. Then,. €or instance, if you wished
your letter to reach him, you could ad
dress it thus: v- ' ;\u25a0•;-.
• "John -Johnson, 16 John'streot, east
north-east, half-way between St. Paul's
and the Guildhall,. just oppo
site St. Swithin's. Church and around the
corner from the fire s-tation, London."
Suburban estate builders have run
the gamut of family names, one .builder
naming his streets after his daughters;
another after his sons; a third after his
deceased. wife's sisters, and so , on. j And
thus, in London,'; the 'man looking fora
.person in Albert street has j just seven
"ty-eight different Albert streets to se
lect from. '.
London. has thirty-six James streets;
twenty-nine ' Alfreds; twenty-four
Thomases, eighteen .Henrys, sixteen
Alexanders, forty-two Elizabeths, four
teen Marys, nine Mary-Anns, five Em
ilys, five Emmas, five Elizas and two
Sophias.
Even the names of •: great statesmen
have been honored in many, \u25a0 different
parts of : London in endless duplication.
There are eight Gladstone "streets, ten
Palmerstons, eight Pitts, seven Beacons
fields and 'so on.
Another/ favorite -expedient , in street
names. is the adoption of the names of
flowers. There are twenty-four Rose
street's, eight Violet streets and a num
ber of Daisy streets. .•
Not the least of the tasks before, the
London County .Council will ' be the,
straightening out of these repeated
names. Just what plan .will be adopted
has not yet been decided/ but the
change that limits the uselof one name,
to a definite area,; and forbids its use
or- repetition, in! that district, will cer
tainly be a welcome one both to 'the
postal authorities and the unhappy, cltl-'
zens who have to \u25a0 live on streets with
fifty or sixty duplicated names all over
town. . '
KICK PER OF LIGHTHOUSE
SIGNALS FOR ASSISTANCBJ
Captain of British Steamship Reports
\u25a0 Poaslble Trouble on ~ San Sal
; ; ' vador Inland. r'iX!.:.'
! KINGSTQN, Jamaica, Dec. 30.— The
captain of ; the British steamship ' Dor,
dogne, which arrived here '.yesterday
from Baltimore, reports that 1 he saw the
signal, "I am attacked,"; flying from the ;
lighthouse on San Salvador; lsland^ Ba-'
hamas, on December 26.; The Dordogue
was unable to send a party, ashore ow
ing to lack of a landing place, but the
captain to ; report; the -facts
in the case- to J the Jamaican Govern
ment, and has done so. . Later a cable
dispatch ; was sent.to the. Governor.; of
the Bahamas asking him for details : of
the In r Irl rnt n^l"^jpn^f*O^||filEOT'' """ '*""
The German steamship Sarnia, which
arrived here to-day trom -~ New York
December 24, reports ;' th:.; : when
passed San Salvador Island a couple of
days ago; she saw. no; signals.^ . :\u25a0':-. [' ',.-
The captain; of itheDordogne believes
that a disturbance occurred on San Sal
vador Island and 4 thatX the
besieged : the "keeper : of .the lighthouse;
Finds ' Dos . Lost < Forty; Years.
GENEVA; Dec- 30.— A shepherd boy
passing, by' the" foot ?of r the^ Rochefort
Glacier ;. perceived ;the. ; 'body.f of i a:|dog
embedded. In the ;ice, ? ' arid, on -arriving
at. Courmayeur,"; recounted his ; adven-'
ture/ •*. ; \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0;: ; --. " \u0084-: . : ;': % ". ..
.Among his listeners was- an Italian
quide '. named \u25a0 Barolli, f.whoV recognized
from the, lad's; description a .dog- which
he had lost-down ; a 1a 1 crevasse in ' ; the
glacier forty j years ago^ "An" expedition
was formed and ori^ arriving. at, the r spot
pointed out^by," the s shepherd" the^ dog
was, discovareds sealed I up^iriUhevtrans
parent blue-ice and ina'perfect state of
preservation. :..- _
The Modest Price Store
A White^^^^ Tuesday r
Thousands o! Pieces of Dainty Muslinwear to go at Bargain Prices
\u25a0 v We will show fully^ one- half more than at: any previous sale. A remarkable improvement in the designs
-and finishing is apparent this year. Each separate garment seems daintier, fresher and more artistic. But after
duly considering all these things, -prices are still the great feature.^ . . v
\u25a0Cotton is advanciriglevery day and has been for some : time. We bought early and our stock has actually in-
creased m market value 20 per cent But we have not advanced the selling price one cent. Every point is in your
favor. The sale begins promptly atv B:3o Tuesday morning. You should not miss this, the most important muslin,
-event of the year. :
Short Skirts at 48c v Corset Covers at 12c SKirt Chemise at 89c
/ Made of fine muslin with lawn flounce, Made with the plain French back and Neat yokes, fine lawn flounces, are fea-
finished with lace insertion and edging. waist draw string. They are neatly fin 7 tures at this price. $1.00 is our usual sale
j 65c vis the regular worth. — ished: ; price for this quality.
Other Specials at 65c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Others at 23c, 29c, 48c, 59c, 75c, 89c and 98c Others at $125, $L4S, $1.98 and $2.25
Introducing clusters of tucks, blind em"- Offering twenty-five different styles to At least 12 different styles to choose
\u25a0broidery. All great values. choose from. Dainty yokes are features. from. The needlework is a notable point.
Gowns at 48c Skirts at 75c Drawers at 25c Children's Skirts at 38c
]\lade. of fine-muslin with. ruffled Muslin is the material; the Four styles at this price. Clus- Ages 4to xo years,
neck and: sleeves, flounce of tucks flounce is deep and is finished with ters of tucks, lace insertion and Made. of fine cambric with tucked
and blind "embroidery. \ three rows of lace insertion and edging combine to give them style. ruffle. 50c is the regular worth.
Others ati 89c, 98c, $1.25. $1.39, lace edging. 4 - \u25a0 Others at 29c, 38c, 48c, 59c, 75c, Others at 50c, 35c, 45c, 65c and 95c
$1.48, $1.75 and $1.98 • Others at 89c, 98c, $1.25, $1.48, 89c, 98c, $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75 Ages raging from months to
The most complete assortment $1.98 and up to $4.95 The assortment is very compre- 3 years.
.we have ever offered. ' Nainsook Twenty! styles to choose from hensive— choosing will be easy. -•
and cambric are used in these spe- and a superior value is sure in every The saving will average at least Drawers, Special 23c to 45c
cials. There are various styles of case. Many new flounce ideas are one-third, no. matter what price; Made of Canton flannel for ages
yokes. . . most successfully introduced. you pay. » . \u25a0",\u25a0."\u25a0 .-\u25a0 2to u^years.
Fine Embroideries to go at Less Than Half Price
1 Embroideries, too, ; have 'been advanced accord- ... • aoc \u25a0Embroideries, 10c yd. — Cambric and nainsook edg-
•ing to Hhe raise in cotton prices. Here again you •^f^^S^^t^S.o^S^
are fortunate, for we purchased this lot many . <M ,• )\ _ 30c Embroideries, 14c yd.— The widths are from 3to 7
months ago. A wonderful lot of new designs have »y> TV y^f^jjg inches. The body materials are cambric and nainsook and
been developed of late and they are all represented • -wonderfully varied.. -.This value will surprise
here. ;In the following items we put the saving V^V^^^l - 35c Embroideries. 19c yd.— 9 to" 12 : inches wide. You will.
very forcibly before you. It means a great deal • \S *a^«Ai wonder how it is possible to offer such rich patterns on
when you stop to consider the number of yards you ' V A\W V such materials eyenat the regular price This is a great lot
\u25a0. * - ;«- r „; \u25a0J \u25a0 • uf[ijiffc\*t % ftS • s° c Embroideries, .25c yd. — Any width from 3 inches to
use in a year. \u25a0 \u25a0'."\u25a0'.'\u25a0'. *w»^|nw(*«&?/KV the regular corset cover- size. This means a, dainty corset #
1 ' . L ' 4 \SC cover for 4dc or a skirt reflounced.for $r. 00. Some inser-*
Fin^ *f ft? Allnwrs:-*nfw Hr^fdri^ kiLPtt>sX~^ tions are also iiicluded -
1 IIICM Or AUUVCra .^IICVV UC^l^ll^ _>ik^S>^ 75? Embroideries, 35.cyd.-i 8 and 20 inch flouncings,
22]4 inch Swiss, Cambric and Nainsook 'Allovers, in . (TTbS^'K^^s^ .and corset coverings in S\viss and nainsook. At least
.dainty lace and new English patterns— both blind and V-*f*scsv^^^ twenty different designs will be shown.
open-work effects. '-. \u25a0—\u25a0;. " tiLi^K'^^ • 85c Embroideries, 48c yd. — They are 20 inches wide.
Jf'By the 'use of these Allovers you ' are sure of a waist n -" .' The elegant needlework is the strong feature, although the
'that is exclusive in pattern and design. " . . splendid quality of the materials is not to be overlooked.
All $1.00 to $I.2s. Pieces go at. .../.......; .....68c il " . . , e : \-u \u0084, , .
All L 5 to $1.75 Pieces go at.../....................... ;.. Ssc - The entxre second axsle-full length, o the stdre-will be oven
VAli-kxA to $2.00 Pieces go at... ;....-... ...7:... ........... 08c oyer to the- display. Plenty of sales people-plenty of room-plenty
AU$2.OO to $2.75 Piecesgo.at..V..... v ......... ....../...:.;... [[^bargains. . : .
' Great Reduction Sale of Corsets $130 Feathered Hats for 75c
tffiSx We have just taken a rough inventory of the cor- • And $1.50- is the special price we put on them in '
cA>W&*s 'i. a. i ' i v j -j i x i* 1- \u25a0 a former sale. They are really worth J2.50. I * l " "^^sr\
set stock ' and have decided to discontinue many There are all colors and a sood assortment o t (&?<£&^f*?V : S.
f'JJ' lines for the reason of their practical duplication in shapes. \u25a0 »Ksj^^'2lW9 .
j/ \ other models. Don't gather from this that they are Untrillinied ShcIDCS 25C
(jkkt''&&n\ °W ones. Even' one is a late model — thoroughly , . \u0084 , '\u0084\u25a0,*«».». v - •
• Uflgs£j SJ ; ; ',V . .. ° f: A wonderful assortment of stylish shapes In 1/Ik >^S* 5 •
V in favor. , They are. made of the finest material — : good materials. $i.oo-to si.so ts the. regular ¥«v
\ \^«v^^ .:....,.. value. Great chance, this. -; r ™ *
\ \Jmlf Coutille, Italian cloth. Batiste and all the rest. The m I "\ - . '
WtSJBi best 'corset makers of the world are represented. " MISSCS' School H^tS 50C <V C-^^
'i^^wl • c-^, -« ~ n A <£-. r^r.t^ HI irt $1.00 is the regular price. The assortment i* r^^r'
i iflSsJi* ' $2.50 and $3-00 C0r5et5........ ?1.00 . good, both as to colors and styles. ?1.50 values J **&&\
Ii Vjt $3.50; to $5.00 C0r5et5........ 92.90 for 75c is another special in Misses 1 Hats. *^"\
\u25a0iH\-w£~'- * $5-00 to $6.50 C0r5et5........^3.90 '
$7.50 and $8. 5 o C0r5et5 :...... .^.50 Violets 19c $ Bunch FurFeltShapessl.sQ
C\t*7tV7%T\r*f* A? l)£>l»l*fn fTfrl /21/YU7»C A sale of the thousands of bunches Colors are biack, navy, plum.
VIV*UI ClllVC' AJI I'vl A 111 IVlvi V]l\J VtJ used in the 'holiday decorations. champagne and gray. There are
, After a record season in Perrin Kid Gloves-.we find a cumbersome They are not harmed in the least. both shapes and flats. You can have
accumulation 'of some 400; pairs that have been mussed from display ser- 25c is the regular. price. another winter vtry easily,
vice and trying on. While they will be of just as = good, service to you, " "'._".', \u25a0 :.-.-.-;'•
they have lost some in stock value. That is why we will^l |%|\ c*f\ PA C#llC # 11 T\~ttl~.~*±~ CZ. CA
on Tuesday offer you $1.50, $1^ JV.SO 3llK PelllCOatS $0.3U
They are street styles in real kid and you will find every popular Our January Clearance Special. But the best of It is, the lot Is a new
color and black and i white. • , - one __ a spec ial buy— and you are not asked to choose from odds and ends.
V'"rw*'~-:- ' f*'*' : \u25a0 \u2666 ¥i # lIU C " \u25a0• > 11"1 1 " ' The taffeta is the kind that looks, ieels its quality and shows It in wear.
\ \ffy Cereal IxIDDOU ijDeCialS There is every popular color— some changreable— in fact, all colors but
„,,,„."' \u25a0 \u25a0. : -•«..:- r \u25a0 gray. $9.50 is a fair estimate of their value.
Talk Ribbons to seven women out of ten and you H talk about the \u25a0,-\u25a0'.;
-Davis Store department.- r They will ---.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. - - . \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 .-.\u25a0-. ___^________
probably tell you these two every __ M __ „ J&k "IPHB»^
*f> <7> & (*n GWs> $12 - S0 Coats $ 7 - 50
An extra -heavy, fine linlahed firm Ji, Ml m^M J § M M M M itt fIJL Vk^^si W +
weave taffeta, that brings 25c a &8r & 0 JHB&^S 9 JSS&^ *& %S + vV XS^V^ 9 Good, well-made Coats for school
yard everywhere.. '^^-' -.- --.^^^^ . - . ~ wear. The styles are the latest, the
W^^omsim The Modest Price Store HSSfA'S'
••.jffl^.^;. 1 ""'-^: i. Cor. Geary and Grant J9ve.
CONSPIRACY CHARGE
IS NOT SUSTAINED
Circuit Judge Exonerates
Members of Kansas
• City Council.
KANSAS CITY, Dec; SO.— Judge. H.L.
sMcCune, inthe Clrciiit Court; here to
day, rendered a decision holding j that
there - was no- cause for the of
conspiracy ; recently: filed 'against the
City »;Council, which .threatens ;to : pass
over. Mayor Neft's .veto ' an L " ordinance
granting 'a thirty years' franchise to
f urnish; the city?, with -natural >gas.*rVf But'
he issued a" temporary. order restraining
the Council • from {passing the'; ordinance
in its present ' form:'; and from passing
any: ordinance, containing- an ;~exterision:
provision^ which rtrie ; court held to >be
illegal;?:.:-;.:-' 1 ;\u25a0 ;":\-;': ; '. : t . ;.. ; \u25a0'"\u25a0 \u25a0 V ,C^;;
. \u25a0; Tho - Council } had .'threatened ito'j pass
an ordlriance'grantihgtb the" holders 'of
the .present^; artificial^ gan franchise a
franchise ;' to i furnish/- natural ; gas. ?,-,The
ordinance' \ : covered Va| 'period ; of 'thirty*
years,- but stipulated "tthati in i case : : the
supply.-of ;naturaPgas gave ;-out,l; the
company., was lr to .< have - the" privilege 'of
returning^ toi the use, of ;artiflclar'f gas.'
This; latter." clause: is held by- Judge Mc r
Cune : to; be illegal. V ; ; ",
Thescompany already holds a thirty
year franchise >, to ] furnish \ gas
at '; 51^ a ; thousand f eet;> arid \ the new i or
dinance . "provided for : 25 T cent j. "natural
gas.tJudgeMcCune. gave the City ;Coun-"
cil^the right ;to ; pass : dn ordinance ; with
the: objectionable f clause^ lefHout.^;
\u0084 /.The 'American [ Cigar.-; 2 for ;*2sc,' beats
the world. ; Mattheas & Co.? distributors.*
GOVERNMENT TAKES ACTION
IN NEBRASKA LAND CASES
Cashier of * a Bank \ and *a * Farmer Are
Indicted for. Subornation of
:':-:':p%rJurarv^ ';'.'
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 30.— H. C. Dale,
cashier of the ; Stockmen's National
Ban.: of Rushville,: Nebr., and William
C. Smoot, i. Government farmer at * the
Pine :• Ridge 'Agency, ,*^ were to-day." ar
rested, I charged with subornation .of
perjury . in . \u25a0 connection ywith ' the land
frauds. V The defendants. are alleged to
have secured • fraudulent 'homestead \u25a0 en-~
tries J for two of ; the wealthiest
men . In Cherry; '; and " Sheridan^ coun
ties.* s They , : ' I were 1 arraigned before
Linited ' States '\u25a0; Hoyt , at
Chadron and: each* gave bonds for; J3000
to .appear before; the Federal. Grand
Jury.
A Rare Onportnnitr.
.Buy your robes ; and ' blankets now. , -VTe ' are
giving ; 23 1 per cent ; off.' /All : goods : marked In
plain .' n*ure». '<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Leibold " Harness . Co.; 211 - Lar
kinst.;'Opp.'Clty HalL, ['.-'-^.'\ •
Ba ukm p t Cleric'
' G.B.Borchers. a clerk of Sacramento,
filed Va'^ petition, in* insolvency yesterday,
in^ the. United > States [District Court. He
owes $1573 ; and : has \u25a0: no /assets.
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
"SUNDAY^S CALL.
NEW YORK PRIXTING FIRMS
GRANT THE EIGHT-HOUR DAY
Two-Thirds of the Larger Houses Ac-
cede to the . Demands of the
• Typographical Unios.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— The official
announcement was made at the head
quarters of the Typographical Union
yesterday that ,4900 printers will be
granted the eight-hour day. \u0084
..The following firms granted the de
mands yesterday: ' American Litho
graphic ; Company, Francis Press. Mar
tin ; Brown -Company and Munsey's
Magazine Company. '
Theunion'officials declared that two
thirds of, the employing: printers In this
city would grant the eight-hour de
mand and- that it would be necessary
for only 1100 men to strike.
BONES - OP^' GIANT ANIMALS
UNEARTHED IX SANTA CRUZ
Employes of Rallroatf Discover Re
mains of Beasts While ; Dolne
Excavation Work.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec/ 30i— Southern
Pacific workmen while excavating, for
the! grade of ;the new road discovered
i the petrified remains of huge ; animals.
Teeth' and bones and a piece of a ; . tusk
four feet in : length were taken out.
New .Woman's Paper in France.
PARIS, Dec. 30. — ; A , movement is_on
foot to found a new. weekly -woman's
paper." The new paper, it is' stated." will
not occupy itself : either with politics or
religion; but willbe exclusively devoted
to 'the "development and propagation of
women's 'interests. A ; large part will
he/ reserved ;for J: International woman-
TEss**and philanthropic work*.
SILVERWARE AND EXPRESS
PACKAGES THIEVES' BOOTY
Station and Office at San Martin, Near
* Gllroy, Are Visited by
Burglars.
SAN. JOSE, Ecc. 30.— The station and
express office at San Martin, near Gil
roy, were entered by burglars last night
and a quantity of silverware and sev
eral express packages stolen. Officers
are on the trail of two men who are
believed to have committed the crime.
A tiny, chocolate coated tonic laxa-
tive tablet, that gives VIGOR and
[health to the STOMACH, LIVER
[and BOWELS, thereby curing— -
.Sick Headaches Biliousness
Sallow Complexion Torpid Liver
Dyspepsia Jaundice
\u25a0 Indigestion Heartburn
Loss of Appetite Pimples
Sour Stomach Dizziness
Nausea - Foul Breath
Take only one "VIGORET* at bed-
time,; and they will move the bowels
gently, yet thoroughly each day and
permanently cure— ,
CHRONIC CO\STIPATIONk^j
They cool, cleanse. and , purify the
blood and are sold by all drusreists in
23c packages (50 tablets) and 10c trial
size • (15 . tablets;.
Never! sola -in bulk.The Gall Prints More News Than Any Other Paper Published in Sari branasco
FbrecMt tor X>«c«sb«r U. XWBi
Out rtatsolMo Bad vfcrfaitr— Ranrew
-^ a: a. itaipai '""
District W»«9M*»»,
VOLUME XCIX— NO. 31.
PRINCESS LOUISE
ACCEPTS TERMS
\u25a0 - -
Daughter of Leopold of Belgium Willing
\u25a0 to Be Divorced on Minor Ground.
DAUGHTER OF KING LEOPOLD OF BELGIUM. WHO HAS CONSENTED TO
DIVORCE PKOCEnDINGS THAT WILL NOT BRING OUT SCANDALS IN
VOLVING HER HUSBAND. PHILIP OF SAXE-COBURG.
PARIS. Dec. SO.— The conditions of the
settlement of the long-drawn-out cyiarrel
between the Princess Louise of Saxe-Co
burg and Gotha, eldest daughter of King
Leopold of Belgium, and her husband.
Prince Philip of Sase-Coburg and Gotha,
are as follows:
The Prince pays her as alimony $221,000
annually, and also the sum of 51,000,000 by
installments, while King Leopold guaran
tees his daughter an annuity of 510,000: The
Princess undertakes to hand over to the
Prince's lawyer all the documents and
photographs intended to be used as evi
dence, tee divulging of which will annul
the arrangement. The two parties agree
to accept a decision of the court or
Gotha granting them a divorce on the
ground of incompatibility of temper, and
on that ground alone.
FORCES "^Tb^E TO SIGN
CHECK FOB- BIG SUM
Husband Gets Spouse r s Sig
nature at the Point of
a Revolver.
SANTA MONICA, JDcc. 30.— Dr. Wil
liam R. Thompson, who arrived here from
San Diego on Christmas day with his
wife, who is a wealthy woman, is to
night in jail with a charge of forgery
hanging over him. Tuesday Thompson
visited the Bank of Venice with a check
for $16,000 which he wanted cashed. The
check was signed by Emma Thompson,
his wife, but the cignature was such that
the bank refused to cash it. The check
was on the Merchants' Bank of San
Diego. Investigation appeared to show
that the check had been originally for
JfiOOQ: Mrs. Thompson alleges that her
husband. forced her to sign it Christmas
day at the point of a revolver. A year
ago the couple were married at San
rMego, where Mre. Thompson lived for
tr.any years, being the widow of Dr.
**-ffg». who left a large estate. Thomp
son refused to talk. "
"Will Start a Banana Plantation.
TAMTICO. Mex.. Dec. 30.— W. W.
Tr«s;g: of Ban Francisco, California, has
purchased a plantation of 16,000 acres
near li*>re and will' plant it all in bana
ras. He expects to engage in exporting
bananas to the United States on a large
scale.
Bark Challrngrer Bearbrd.
KOBE. Japan. Dec. 30. — The Ameri
can bark Challenger of San Francisco.
Captain Peterson, from Klllisnoo. Alas
ka, which caught fire In Xii channel,
ha* been beached. The vessel is being
pumped out and it is expected that she
u-ill be able to -proceed for Osaka in
a few days.
C«pp«>r Company ChanßT* Hands.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 30.— 1t was offi
cially announced to-day that the con
trol of th« Pltteburgr and Montana Cop
per Company, capitalized afJBo.ooo.poO,
hu been secured by th© A.- W. Mellon
THE TTEjLTHUR.
MARRIED MAN
ELOPES WITH
GIRL PIANIST
Leaves a Wife and
Baby Penniless in
Santa Barbara.
DENVER, Dec 30— Because .the
young woman principal in an elope
ment, in a letter to Denver friends
tells of it. news has reached here, of
the elopement of Fred Runkle from
Santa Barbara. Cal.. with Grace Chap
man, a young and attractive pianist of
that city.
Ilunkle is well known in Denver,
where he lived for years. As a violin
and cornet player, he was well known
and apparently was devoted to his pro
fession. He was a member of the Mu
sicians/ Union here. Runkle was de
voted to his family, and neither drank
nor showed any Inclination to seek' the
society of otherywomen. He was leader
of the City Park band, played in the
Symphony orchestra and flgured in
musical events "of a superior order.
About a month ago he wrote to the lo
cal union resigning his membership,
and that was the last heard of him
here.
The story from Santa Barbara is that
he eloped with the young girl, leaving
a wlf> and baby penniless. The first
intimation of the elopement was a note
written by Miss Chapman, in which she
said she had of her own free wlllgone
away with Runkle: '
TWO ILEX ARE KILLED
AT A SUISUN PLANT
Accident at Cement Works
Brings Death and Injury
Special Dispatch to Tb* Call.
SUISUN, Dec. 30— At the plant of the
Pacific Portland Cement Company near
here to-dax two men, . who were engaged
in making. an excavation, were crushed to
death by the caving in of an embank
ment and two others we re \u25a0 seriously , In
jured. . The names of the unfortunate men
ha,vt act bc«a ltax&edt u_..
The San Francisco Call.
forty-eight pages— san francisco; Sunday,) December 31;; i9os—pages 29 to 38.
USE BOMB
TO AVENGE
THEMSELVES
Dynamiters Mur
der Ex-Governor
Steunenberg.
Petard Is Set Off as He
Is About to Enter-
His Home.
Outrage Is Charged to Men
"Whom He Prosecuted
When in Office.
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. 30. — Frank Steu
nenberg, former Governor of the' State,
avas killed at 6:40 o'clock tbU evening
at his home in the - suburbs of Cald
well. A dynamite bomb had been
placed at his front sate, with sonic con
trivance by which It was exploded as
he entered. Both legs were blown off
and he lived but twenty minutes.
There is no reason, known for the
outrage, but It is charged to/ some
member of the famous Inner circle of
the Coeur d'Alene dynamiters, whom he
prosecuted so relentlessly in 1899 while
he was Governor.
Governor Gooding is in communica
tion with the authorities of the'eounty
and is prepared to I put the full sup
port of the State behind the officials
there in running down the perpetrator,
of the crime. ItVis, thought probable
that the. leading detective agency of
the country will be asked: to send some
of its best men to' the scene and the
State will offer as great : a reward as
the Governor, may find be has jtower to
propose.'. ; ' — : .}
Steunenberg . was Governor,, of .the
State ; from -1897 ;to 190 i;. having" 1 been'
twice elected.- VHe .was born An. ." lowa'
forty-four, years.ago and had been" in;
Idaho since 1887. He leaves a wife and i
three children.. '.'\u25a0 .
Governor ' Gooding has informed the
Canyon County officials that the State
will offer a. reward of $5000 for the appre-'
henslon of 'the murderers.", A special train'
left for ' Caldwell at ' 10 -o'clock, carrying
the Governor and others, who go to .as
sist in organizing the work iof running
down the criminals.
The latest information from the scene
is to the effect that the bomb probably was
placed by the gate \u25a0 post and the'- moving
of the gate exploded it. When persons
rushing to the spot. reached the prostrate
; man, the latter said something like "Who
shot me?" He also said something about
turning him over, but he . lapsed into ' un»"
consciousness and died without giving any
information.
The victim's clothing and his shoes were
torn to tatters and " his back was terribly
injured. Both legs were shattered fright
fully.
\u25a0 The shock of the explosion' was -felt
1 all over the town and , broke the glass in
the Governor's home. : Every road out of
town is being guarded', and it is hoped
to" intercept suspects. ' , .
Two men are .under suspicion who had
been lying about Nainpa several days,'
and left) for Caldwell to-day. They lived
in theCoeur d'Alenes at.tne time of the
riots there in f 1899. ; ; Descriptions of; them
are being wired in every direction.;;;};
Governor Steunenberg became known
throughout the nation through his con
nection with the Coeur d'Alene miners',
strike which began in the "; spring •; of
1599. The Miners' Union made certain
demands, which, were refused Iby the
mine owners. Most; of the mines , were
closed down, but an attempt was ' made
to operate the mill of the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan with non-union help^ . In
April of that year a crowd of . - strike
sympathizers took possession of a train
and went to.the mi 11.,; The building was.
blown up with; dynamited and ?at --least
one man : was . killed ' by the explosion:
The mine owners appealed to = the Gov
ernor for protection, alleging; that -the
strikers, were; resorting , to every form
of violence and . intimidation : to. prevent
the operation of the mine by non-union
men.
BREAKS UP MIXERS' U3VIOX.
The State militia being considered in
sufficient to cope with the .^situation,
Governor Steunenberg . proclaimed a
state of Insurrection . \u25a0, and -,7 called on
President McKinley for Federal troops.
General H. C. Mei'riam' occupied the'dis
trict and proclaimed '\u25a0 martial . law. A
stockade, known \u25a0 generally •as a ,',' bull
pen," was erected. : Strikers and strike
sympathizers were < imprisoned in great
numbers. . AT permit 'system,: was .? also
tablisbed by. the military and \u25a0 no miner
was permitted to ' work i in "-: the i mines
who dld^ not make affidavit that he was
either not a mepber, of the .union -or
had severed \ his connection with It and
would not 1 again Join. "\u25a0'.V/-; ; ..'\
This drastic trcatment'resulted in the
extermination \ of : the Trainers',; organiza
tion in the Coeur d'Alenes and it has
never ,been; ret*establlshed.Xi_Tho niatteir.
aroused su'clT^ widespread]* interest that
a Con gressional ; lnquiry .was : ordered.
The Republican members of;' the^com-;
mission made ' a i report j upholdlngT,Gov
ernor Steunenberg, although^hei was v a
Democrat, and thef action^ of President
McKinley. The \u25a0•> Democrats,^ under 'J. the
leadership : of :'.-"; Congrressmah?. Sulzer,
made a ; minority ; report" censuring * the
State and nationar administrations. The
bitterness ;Governor,<Steunen-;
berg was : accentuated "'\u25a0 by , the"; fact • that
he was, at 1 the.. time. of his . incumbency,
a member of the .Typographical] Union.
German, Embassador to Toklo.
, BERLIN, ; Dec. \u25a0 30.-H-Bafori , Mumm yon'
Schwartzenstein, i the J German: Minister
at Peking, has been appointed Embas
»ador of Qerman^'at'Toklo. ,'
WILL TRY
TO REACH
NORTH POLE
Daring Expedition
Undertaken by
Reporter
Hopes to Make Suc
cessful Voyage in
, , ah Airship.
Santos Dumont, Noted French
Aeronaut, Is ™to Be
His Companion.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— "Build an alr
iibip, go find the north pole and report
by \u25a0 wireless telegraph and " submarine
cables the progress of your eflorta."
| This was the startling .assignment
given a few days j ago to Walter Well
man, Washington correspondent of the
Chicago Record-Herald, by Frank B.
Noyes, editor-in-chief of the paper, and
the commission has been accepted by
Wellma'n. v ; As an assistant on this dar
ing expedition Wellman will have the
services of j Santos Dumont of Paris,
who will have charge of the construe- %
tioh of the "airship and will act as aero
nautic director and \u25a0 pilot of the ship
on its voyage toward the north pole, r \
The airship, the order, for: which; has
been.glven, will be ; built by, Louis God
dard of Paris, under, the ."supervision: of
M. ; Sa . os Dumont, and will t b«i com
pleted oy the end of ; next -;April. ,No
definite date has yetibeen decided upon
when the expedition ; will: start ; on - Its
journey, but^it ls.expeet'ed ithat every
thing .\u25a0 will" b"^tnj. readiness to get away
next \u25a0 July :«r»4earty,T in :,August.".'. After
completion; the? airship will have, sev
eral . trials !; In- 'or; about ; Paris," . arid Inj
June; air.the paraphernalia the
journeyj will ; be .assembled 1 .^ In Spitz
bergen,: where the explorers "will await
a -; favorable [ opportunity ] for": the | dash
for -the' pole which/* according to Well-:
man,*, should the' expedition ; : meet; with
a good run of luck,' will: be 1 reached In
less x than . a week. "'" '
DISCUSSES THE EXPEDITION.
•In announcing his % acceptance .to
night 'of the proposed expedition Well
man said: \ . >:•:/',
"If I did not believe that the chances
of success .were greater -than • those of
failure I should not accept the com- :
mission., \u25a0 • . \u25a0 .. : .•; i^arVS .
"Mr. Noyes acted upon no sudden whim
or, impulse when he gave me, the order to
try ,to locate the . much-sought north
pole, as he had before^hlm a report which
I submitted to him as the outcome of two
visits to the inner, polar, regions, of ryears
of . study of the problem ; of f. the . pole, of
many months of special -investigation of
airship construction "and jj navigation, I the
wind and climatic .conditions: to .be en
countered , and all the multitudinous j me
chanical I and meteorological factors \ in
volved. •; In this } investigation, scores of
eminent experts, and specialists ,were Con
sulted, voluminous technical reports were
received - and finally ,a • complete, ,sym-,
metrical and at least a promising project
was :; evolved by . me as representing a
seemingly, practicable combination of. the
latest: development of many; of .the arts
for accomplishing the result in view.
\u0084 ,"The problem of reaching the 'f pole by
means of ? an airship does' not require high
speed, and i the' present* rate "of j the art of '
aerial' navigation by gas-buoyed and mo
tor-driven i ships :Is \ ample j for that pur
pose.' From !an easily,; reached base :of
operations in Northern : Spitsbergen , we
have but; 550 geographical ; miles t to , go to
the. pole, and a like \u25a0distance: for the re
turn.voyage. If wa- take .the. whole et
1200 miles, it means' but \ 100 hours \u25a0; of ; mo-;
torinlr ; at • twelve miles >an i hour. Santos
Dumont * has repeatedly^ made.f rom nine
teen \to twenty-three miles an .hour with
smair airships equipped with' relatively
small: motors.; , . ; . •
\u25a0 ; ,WIIiI»VBUIIiD BIG AIRSHIP.
• l'; The airship, in which we. purpose to at
tain - the ':, north '$ pole * will rbe . the ,; largest
practicable; 'alrshln* ever? built. It will ;\u25a0 be
196 feet long and its greatest diameter will
be forty-nine; feet. ; Its: Burl ace ; wlir meas
ure 23,000 square feet : and Its- volume .will
be 226,000 cubic feet S Inflated Vwithlhydro^
gen, it. will- have a total ascensional force
of ; 15,300; pounds. " : Seven thousand pounds
\u25a0will be 'the weight. of the ;ship and^lts
equipment ': complete;? leaving ,s, s SOOO "pounds
for. cargo. The ship will be provided \ wl lh
three motors,' with a" combined ;ot
seventy horsepower. j If; the winds hinder
no more ; than .'they help and: there'are'no
delays/ this" j ship * can - motor; from North*
Spitzbergento the pole in forty-flve hours/
'\u25a0\u25a0':>.. .'.'The' airship will Shave lan
capacity, in "', buoyancy sufficient 'to; enable
;lt.toremain 25 or'3o days,iri7the'air. It
will : carry . 5500 pounds of: gasoline and its
: distance : capacity / ; during^ calm vjweather
;wlll be' lSoo, miles,, more' than; equal to; the
distance from Spitzbergen straight across
i the ' pole Tand ', the '.whole j Ocean ; to
Alaska. ;i As our airship, will 1 bejeonstruct*
fed '" it ;' will be ; able '•, to V make;! Headway]
; against _ two-thirds ,' of { all \ttie ; winds f that
blow,* evenl though squarely fadverse.^arid
\u25a0it% is part .of our "to \u25a0; motor, ; only ;
\u25a0 with ; f avorable^winds : and i to .; anchor^our
ship : to] the I ice "and> lie-to ) in all unf avor4
\u25a0 able" winds of [velocity. exceedlng76ne-lialf
[ the ' normal speed ; of ,our / craf t^ iThe ' sh ip
; will -be "equipped If or..- safe'anchorage In the
highest? winds? ever; knpwnflnVtheTArctic
regions. 1 In ] tact,'. thY : ship , will Ibe Jsutiject
to , the 'will and hand l of -the? navigator
just lik'o;a;steamshlp;upon^th'erdceani' . ;
AVILL, 1 ' BE~ WEI/LT KQ-UIPPED.
V. -i'Besides j the i 5500 pounds jt of ,f uel ; men
tioned } the] ship lwlll \ carf y^also j five] men£
aY comfortable ]* car ' to '"•. live jin r (which \u25a0; Is
also aya v boat i in\ case ' of J need),H f ood^ and
supplies i f or^seventy-flve !days,^ sledges ) to
Coattoned ' on ; Pace ' 30, Column .4.
DR. JORDAN ALLEGES A PLOT
TO LOOT STANFORD ESTATE.
David Starr Jordan, president of the Stanford University^ has made the sensational
*;-: statement in a Denver interview that the atte?npt to make it appear that Mrs,
Jane Lathrop Stanford's death was due. to poisoning was part of aplot of Hono
; lulu officials, having for its object the securing of big fees from the Stanford estate.
HONOLULU MEN ACCUSED
BdiicatprMakes
Sensational
p| Charge.
Claims Officials
Conspired to
iEarn Itees.
Special Cable to The Call.
* lIOXOLiUL.U, Dec. 30.— High Sheriff
Henry Indignantly "denies David Starr
Jordan's accusation; that Honolulu offi
cials . plotted to • secure fees '\u25a0 from * the
Stanford estate. He Is anxious to see
the ' promised statement ; of the lnvestl
gatlon and defies the estate officials to
publish an honest report of nil the facts
In their [ knowledge. \u25a0• '. ' * -\u25a0
DENVER. Dec. SO.— The death of the
late Mrs. Jane L. Stanford,. patroness of
Lelahd- Stanford; Jr. University, ; was
made the', basis for a. dastardly* plot -to
secure big fees: for ; the Honolulu offi
cials, according:, to David . Starr Jordan,
PRINCIPALS IN A DEVELOPMENT
CONCERNING MRS. STANFORD'S
DEATH. . \
president of the university, , who ,is 'in
Denver. 7 .
Furthermore Dr. Jordan Intimates
that '\u25a0 the . report that Mrs. Stanford was
murdered was part of a: plot on the ;
part of several of Mrs. Stanford s
Bervants.who were jealous of the favor
with whlch,Mrs. : Stanford treated Miss |
Berner, her- private /secretary." -.'lt" is
hinted that they hoped, by. spreadmga i
rumor; that -Mrs. Stanford, had been
poisoned, to jeopardize Miss Berner a
bequest. -. \u25a0
, "We have established beyond a doubt
that* Mrs. Stanford died .a natural
death," said Dr. Jordan this morning.
•• V post-mortem; examination developed
thaf the aorta. had been ruptured. This
was > the result ? -'of V fatty degeneration
of the heart:; The heart isnow, in San
Francisco, where it is tiding, preserved.".
>' According to Dr.VJordan ; no strych
nine: was, found ii Mrs. s
room.-' 'Reports were circulated the
! officials of Honolulu that alarge\juan
1 tity^of poison had -been discovered. The
\ Sheriff went: so '\u25a0far ;as to say: that a
bottle containing .600 : grains] : had been
f ound.Vbut : : this. ; Dr. Jordan declares,
had "not : proved true. ' '
.-. Dr.- JordanTand other , friends of the
lateiMra.." Stanford . haA'e • been "conduct
ing an '' investigation 'since her sudden
death on March a .last. : " It. hasuncov
eredia?startling~array of facts,': he says,
but.- none that t point .jj to? murder. He
declares that within a few'weeks a
full report of the : discoveries in con
nection -with the affair..: will .. be ; made
public, and He gives .the impression that
sensations .will', follow. What they are
Div Jordan refuses to reveal.
DR. JORDAN MUST
DO THE TALKING
Mrs. Stanford^ sf ßrother
\ Wilt^Not- Discuss
> h he \ -Mystery.
PALO ? ALTO, 'I Dec. ; 30.—"Doctor,?Jor
dan has 1 done the talking about ]thls
case ;*. and -he • will j have ;to ' answer all
Continued ' on Pngre 30, Column 1.
TUB THEATERS.
AUHAZAR— "The Trtac* . tad tit
". ' \u25a0 Panper." ifattn— ,^WBmM
AXJ3AMBRA— "A Sight for Lov»."
' - Matin**.- -
CALIFORNIA — "BrtMutw»r Oaltj
Girls." Matlnw.
COLUMBIA — "The Amsrtcaa Lord."
CHUTES— Vaaflrrtlle. iT*tlae«.
GRANU— "Monaa. Vaana." - • ;
ORPHEUM— Vftud»vlll«. SfmtfalM.
TlVOli— "Orpb«us la &via*." 3b«
lne«—"Den Pawjoal*."
majestic— "if i w«r» xia*. 1 *
NEW CENTRAI*—"TII» E7» TOtMaa,"
Matlnte. .-:.-\u25a0\u25a0 - - .
FAMED WORKS
OF ART FOUND
TO BE BOGUS
Worthless Terra Cottas
Grace the Chicago
Institute.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call. *
CHICAGO. Dec. SO.— -The Chicago Art
In sti tv te's : terracottas, masterpieces of
the aucients. believed to' be .priceless,
are forgeries. Director French admits
It." Following the. declaration yester
day in Philadelphia of Dr. A. Furt
wangler, ithe famous Egyptologist* of
Munich, in which he said that many
of theantlaultlcs In the American . mu
seums were frauds. \u25a0 French took . down
hjs terra. cottas, looked; them over sor-'
rowfully, and, it may he, will never
_replacotthem. .s " : ~\
"I Rm glad the story is out,",he »ald.
"I feel relieved. We are sorry to say
that. such is the case. "We have, known
that interspersed with. our^valuable an
tiquities were downright forgeries, but
to find out which are the true and
which , are the 'false is difficult. Just
as soon as we are sure of a certain terra
cotta;belng a forgery: we" will remov*
it from "the ? museum." -
Alfred ,Kmerson : and Director French
to-day- pointed out .a number of terra
cottas that, in* their, Gpinion", were 'for
geries. _, Three in . particular, supposed
to be the most valuable in this country,
Emerson ;' said wore • th 6: basest - of ' f or
gerlcs. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0
USE MILD TOBACCO
OK LOSE ]YOUK WIFE
Blowing Smoke in Spouse ? s
Face Is Ground for '\u25a0\u25a0
; , SANTAiCRUZ.* Dec:;3o.— A decision was
rendered J by ~' Judge 7 Smith • to-day ; In '• the
suit of' Mary i Shumway v against \u25a0 E. . B.
Shumway/Va irancher : In -.the \u25a0 Santa Cruz
Mountains.*, liTasklng ': for a divorce Mrs.
Shumway ..; alleged T that \ her j husband : per
sisted in smoking a strong pipe* and blow
ing tobacco smoke \in her face after he bad
eaten his meals/ ; In ' addition : to • granting
Mrs."* ;' Shumway an decree
Judged Smith * awarded '" MrsL ; Shumway
the ' custody of ' a. minor child -'and' posses
sion" fof ;th» branch; ln ' tho ' Santa'Crujt
Mountains." •.
V PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SELLS STAMPS
AT LESS THAN
THEIR VALUE
Denver Mans Generos
ity Leads to His
xxFi 6Stt
DENVER, Dec. 30.—Otis M. Fox. a
young man claiming to be the local agent
of the Central Supply Company of Kan
sis City, waa arrested by Postoffice In
spector Phiel and Policeman Anderson
this afternoon and is b»ing- held, pend
ing ah Investigation into a chargo that h»
has been disposing of stamped envelopes
at a ridiculously low price. According to
the postal authorities Fox has been doing:
a land-office business for three months.
Fox's system, according to them, was
to place a 2-cent stamp on an envslopa
and then sell it under cost. For Instance,
the Inspectors found one merchant who
bought 300 envelopes, each bearing \u25a0a, 2
cent stamp, for JL The stamps on ,tho
envelopes are worth $6 and the envelopes
themselves are worth at least 50 cents.
Inspector Pnlel. who is. Investigating
the case, declares the young man must
have done one of two things. Either. he
advertised In some way and received
stamps for a reply and tnen sold them,
or he stole stamps.
Fox had an ofHce at 1755 California
street. According to Information in tha
hands of the postal authorities ha has
been doing some advertising under seiveral
names, among which are- Israel * Lubeck
and Fox.-^3gH '
The. prisoner Insists he is innocent and!
that an Investigation will prove this. H»
says lie came into possession of ti»
stamps from natrons. Ha' claims to hays
sold about HOO worth of stamps.
SAYS HIS FLYIINTt
KITE IS A SUCCESS
Professor Bell Announces the
Kesult of Recent Ex- '
periinents.
SYDNEY, N. S., Dec. SO.— After "experi
menting for a number, of years. .« hi 3 la
boratory at Beinn Bhreagh. Bad dock, wit a
kites of the tetrahedral form of construe^'
tion. ; Professor Alexander Graham ' Ball
announced yesterday that he had succeed
ed'ln having his latest designed kite riso
in . ,the air and carry a weight of " 227
pounds, this Including a man weighing 163
pounds and roc«« and lines weighing alx
,ty-two L pounds. The kite' itself weighs
%txty-one .pounds, niaHuiga total weight
of 28S' pounds.
.' The kite rose to a height of > thirty feet
and remained there steadily - until photo*
graphs were taken 'of 'it. Followmy th«
experiment Professor BeU fctt lor ,Wuh»
•lnjtoiv* \u0084 A \u25a0-\u25a0••\u25a030
SENSATION IS PROMISED
BY DAVID S. JORDAN.
STARTLING RESULTS OF INQUIRY
All Details Are Soon to Be Given to the Public
(cnl (nurd from Pace SO, Column 5.
questions," said Charles G. Lathrop,
brother of the late Mrs. Stanford, last
night when asked about the results of
the Investigation into the death of Mrs.
Stanford and the accompanying charge
that there was a conspiracy among the
I servants to discredit Miss Bertha
Berner in the eyes of Mrs. Stanford so
that she would not be remembered in
the will of the philanthropist.
**I tell you Dr. Jordan has done all
the talking:, and he will have to an
swer.the questions when he returns
from the East- Ido not know a thing
ebout the case, not one thing. "*
"Have you been conducting an in
vestigation?" was ueked.
"I tell you thai I don't know a thing
about the case. You will have to see
Dr. Jordan."
In cpite of the declarations of Mr.
.Lathrop tfeat he knows nothing about
the case tlie general feeling in Palo
Alto among those who are close to the
business .management of the university
Is that a most searching investigation
. has been conducted ooncerning the
death of Mrs. Stanford.
A ma°n who is very close to the man
«gement t said last night ihat he had
been told by at member of the university
board of trustees that the board had
been conducting an investigation and
tak'en ui> every phase of the case. A
great Ocal of money has been spent in
clearing up the mystery surrounding:
the woman's death, with the result that
now every iota of evidence connected
•u-Jlh the case has been sifted out. De
tectives have been nt work since the
hour of her death and only completed
their work a few weeks ago. Chemists
In San Francisco have been examining
the vitals of Mrs, Stanford and sub
jecting them to severe chemical tests
to find out whether they had been ef
fected by any poison.
It was proved that Mrs. Stanford did
not die of poison, but from heart trouble,
caused probably by overheating on the
day of the picnic, which she and her com
panion f lien ha Berner, attended. It is a
matter of proof that the other servants
about the house tried to cause the impres
eion that Miss Berner had placed the
IKii^on in the water the first time Mrs.
Stanford complained. So much has been
unearthed, and probably much more,
•which the trustees have not made pub
lic. It, i« eaid on good authority, how
ever, that the trustees were very angry
at the Honolulu physicians who worked
upon ihe case and alleged at the time
that they were incompetent.
' When asked questions along these lines
Mr. Lathrop refused to talk, saying that
Dr. Jordan had done all the talking, and
that he must answer all questions. He
evidently was not pleased that the head
of the university had given out any in
formation.
The members of his family were equally
reticent, on the subject. Dr. James C.
Branncr. vice president of the university,
was nearly as mum as Lathrop. "I do
not' know anything about the matter,"
he said. "No; ] will not say that no in
vestigation has been conducted. I will
only say. that I know nothing about It
whatever. President Jordan will be home
enS Wednesday and he can answer all
<iuastio»s."
Dr.. James A. Stillman. head of the
chemistry department and many times
acting head of the university.' declared
last night tttat he knew nothing of any
investigation.' G. A. Clark, secretary of
the university, would not discuss the
THINKS REPORT
IS MISLEADING
Captam Callunda?i Does
Not Credit Denver
Interview.
, Captain Jules J. Callundan of the Morse
Detective Agency, which had charge of
ihe investigation of the mysterious death
of Mrs. Stanford, refused to believe that
Dr. Jordan made the sensational state-
credited to him from Denver." Ac
cbrdinjr \o ' Caliundan. Jordan never saw
the reports in the case and therefore is
not iv a position to make any revelations
regarding any new developments which
might occur.
"1 feel sure Dr. Jordan did not come out
and make any such statements as those
attributed to him," said Callundan last
night. "There are only three persons who
Know anything about the reports. They
are Attorney Mountford Wilson, Charles
Lathrop and myself. Dr. Jordan was not
ehown these reports and therefore is not
ADVEBTISEMEJTTS.
Piles 14 Years
Terrible Case Cured Painlessly With
Only One Treatment of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure.
*>c* I'nrkaer In Plain Wrcinner Mailed
to Cv«r>onr Who Wrltea.
"1 have been a terrible sufferer of
pile* for fourteen (U) years and during
all this time you can have an Idea of
how miuiy klnUs of medicine I tried.
But 1 found no relief whatever. I felt
th^re must be something: that could
cure me without having to undergo an
operation which might kill me,
"Now, after trying but one treatment
of your •Pyramids,' I am free, free to
tell ail sufferers of this dreadful dis-
ease to try this medicine — the Pyramid
Viln Cure. It will cure when all others
faU. Sincerely yours, George Braneigh.
Scht'llburg, Pa."
Any one suffering from the terrible
torture, burning; and itching of piles
•will get instant relief from the treat-
ment we send out free, at our own ex-
pense, in plain, sealed package, to
everyone sending name and address
Surgical operation for piles is suicide,
cruel, unnecessary and rarely a perma-
nent success. Here you can got a treat-
ment that Is quick, easy to apply and
Inexpensive, and free from the publicity
and humiliation you suffer by doctors'
examination.
Prramld Pile Cure is made in the
form of "easy to use" suppositories.
The coming of a cure is felt the mo-
' oaent you begin to use It, and your suf-
fering ends.
Send your name and address at once
to Pyramid Drug C«., 862tf Pyramid
Building. Marshall. Mich., and get, by
return mail, the treatment we will send
you true, in plain, sealed wrapper.
Alter seeing for yourself what it can
do. you can get a regular, full-size
package of Pyramid Pile Cure from any
druggist at 60 cents each, or, on receipt
of price, we will mail t you sjuna our-
•elTc* IT hm chould not have it-
In a position to make comments.
"1 will say that if we had any such evi
dence as Dr. Jordan claims Is on hand we
would have made arrest* long agd. For
Instance. Miss Richmond, Mrs. Stanford's
former maid, haa been allowed by us to
go to her home in England several months
ago. If we did not think her entirely in
nocent we would surely have detained
her.
"If Dr. Jordan is quoted correctly, he
directs his suspicions directly against two
persons, Miss Richmond and Ah Wing,
the Chinese cook. Long ago we proved
both to tbt satisfaction of ourselves and
to the general public that neither of these
persons had anything to do with a con
spiracy to turn Mrs. Stanford against her
secretary. Miss Berner.
"There could be no one else to cast the
finger of suspicion at, for Miss Richmond
nnd Ah Wing were the only persons who
*.vere close enough to the dead woman to
hatch out such a plot. But they had
nothing to do with it and we allowed them
to go their way after the Investigation.
"As regards the hold-ups by Honolulu
officials. I will answer that it is all non
bense. For Instance, there were four doc
tors attending to the case. They worked
hard over It and each put in a bill for
JGOO. " That was very reasonable, consid
ering the work they did. 1 was surprised
at the small amount. I know just what
was spent at Honolulu, for I was in touch
with every phase of the cas« there, and
no hold-up occurred.
"The officials did not have a chance to
do any work in this line, for the reason
that the investigation was simply con
fined to the household, and as there was
nothing of a startling nature to keep quiet
the public knew Just what was happening
and therefore ho one had a chance to
make any demands. High Sheriff Henry
conducted the case In a business-like way
and I know neither he nor any of his
deputies ever attempted to play the game
of hold-up on any of us while we. were
there. •
"The bills have all been paid long ago.
They were all reasonable, and therefore I
cannot understand how the hold-up story
managed to crop out, or where It came
from. Dr. Jordan did not know any of
the detail* in that line, and this further
convinces me he is being misquoted.
"While making my investigation at the
islands 1 employed five stenographers, bo
many people did I question and to such
an extent. It would have been impossible
for any one to secure a full text of these
reports cave myself. I had them all
transcribed and brought them to this city,
where I turned them over to Mr. Wilson.
Nobody save he, Charles Lathrop and
myself knew what they contained. Dr.
Jordan was not informed and could not
have learned their contents.
"I have been turning in reports to Wil
son and Lathrop from time to time, and ;
they have kept the matter secret from
everybody else. We are etill working on
this case, though nothing has developed
that would furnish any startling news. I
am not in a position to make public any
of the data I collected during my re
search. In fact, there is nothing that
would interest the public, and that is one
of the reasons that Mr. Wilson has not
deemed it necessary to give out the re
port.
"There is absolutely no necessity to
plunge into the poison myetery any more.
We fully demonstrated after Mrs. Stan
ford's death that strychnine never killed
her. That is an old story now 1 , and I
thought it had been settled to the satis
faction of everybody. It seems strange
that Dr. Jordan should mention this
again, for it was settled so long ago as to
have almost entirely slipped the minds of
all of us connected with the case."
Albert Beverley, the butler, who was
discharged by Mrs. Stanford some time
before her death and whose name 1 was
mentioned with so much prominence dur
ing the noted case, has left his San Mateo
home. Lest October he disposed of his
property and came to live In this city.
An attempt was made to locate him last
night, but without succesß.
Beverley is still in this city. He was
seen at the racetrack a few days ago.
He was never kept under surveillance
after the police and the Morse detective
agency became satisfied he was entirely
innocent of any plot or scheme to obtain
money from Mrs. Stanford. .
Ah Wing is also some place in the vicin
ity. He was allowed td go where he chose
after the case had been closed several
months ago. Some suspected that the
Chinaman knew- more than he wished to
tell at the time, but Captain Callundan
was convinced the Celestial was innocent,
and for that reason no watch was kept
on him lately.
Captain Callundan said he did not think
anything would come of the present story,
and that neither himself nor Wilson
would take any action, as they are fear
ful that a mistake has been made in
quoting Jordan.
MORGAN AGREES
WITH JORDAN
Chemist Declares Death
Was Due to Nat
, ural Causes.
Dr. Charlas L. Morgan, former city
toxicologist. when Interviewed last night
said: "Mrs. Stanford died of natural
causes. I would not talk on the case,
having been retained with that under
standing:, but as long as Dr. Jordan has
given out the statement that Mrs. Stan
ford died of natural causes, viz., fatty
degeneration of the heart, I will say that
to far as to her having died of natural
causes Dr. Jordan is right. Mrs. Stan
ford did not, however, die of fatty de
generation of the heart. True, she died
of a heart lesion; just what It was I am
not prepared to Bay."
Dr. Morgan was loth to talk on the
case. liis reason for reticence regarding
the findings in the Stanford ease was
that he had been retained for his chem
ical and medical assistance, - providing
that he report, and report alone, to
Mountf ord Wilson, attorney for the Stan
ford estate. , „
Dr. Morgan examined some of the al
leged strychnine-poisoned ' bicarbonate of
60da and flled his report with Wilson,
lie would not state whether he found
strychnine tn the.nowder. He said that
he was not given* the work of examining
Mrs. Stanford's heart. Ho saw it, how
ever, saw the report, , and knew that the
death of Mrs. Stanford had been due to
a heart lesion. Ha said that. there were
several physicians retained In the case
and. they made the . report In , regard to
the heart's condition. The . report was
signed Jointly by all the physicians con
nected with the caae. ......
The report of the chemists and physi
cians has been In the hands of Attorney
Wilson since . May. Dr. Morgan \u25a0, stated
that Wilson had Intended to \ .make the
same public last June, having received
the written consent of the relatives of
Mrs. Stanford. \u25a0 Dr. Morgan says other
Icfonnatloa mi being looked up, taxi:
THE' S AN : FRANgISCO, CALL; > SUNDAY. DECEMBER 31, 1905. £
the publication of the report was with
held for the present. . .
Dr. Morgan said, In conclusion: "Mrs.
Stanford died of natural causes. She did
not die of strychnine poisoning. Whether
an attempt to polaon her by ; means of
strychnine was marie. I cannot say. I
did not do any detective work on the
case, but merely dM the chemical testing
that was allotted to mo.
'.'I have never found in any case • that
where enough strychnine ' has been
taken, a toxic dose, the . same poison
could not be found in woighable quanti
ties In the body of the person killed by
lt_ You may get a coloring: of the drug
where a non-toxic quantity had been
taken. Mrs. Stanford took a capsule for
her heart the night preceding: her death.
This capsule contained as one of its In
gredients a minute quantity ,of strych
nine. It was not enough to kill." ,
Dr. Morgan was asked, if, in the light
of his statement! concurring' with the
statement of Dr. Jordan, that Mrs. Stan
ford's death was due to natural causes,
it would be logical to presume that
there was no strychnine in the bi
carbonate of soda she had taken prior
to "her death,' provifling she had partaken
of the same bicarbonate of soda as was
examined by the chemists, or. that the
compound of soda taken contained such a
small quantity of the poison as to be
harmless. He replied with a shrug of
the shoulders that he could not say,
again stating that he was forbidden to
discuss the case.
A' physician who was employed by the
Stanford estate to examine Mrs. Stan
ford's heart but who refused to allow
his name to be used, last night said: "If
you will take the report of the proceed
ings of the inquest in Honolulu you will
find that Dr. Edmund Shorey, chemist
or the (United States Agricultural Station,
and R. A. Duncan, Food Commissioner
and Chemical Analyst of the Honolulu
Health Board, stated under oath that
they could not say that they found
strychnine "in the corpse of Mrs. Stan
ford. Both of these men are of the high
est standing in. their calling. They could
not find evidence of strychnine poisoning.
There was a preconcerted effort on the
part of some physicians in Honolulu to
make out the cause of Mrs. Stanford's
death as due to strychnine.','
The same doctor gave out the.intima
tion that an attempt had been made to
poison Mrs. Stanford, but that it had
not been successful.
It would seem only logical to presume
In the light of the statements made
last night by Dr. Morgan that ho found
no weighable quantity of strychnine in
the bicarbonate of soda examined* by
him. -'•:
Against the statements of Dr. Jordan.
Dr. Morgan, Dr. Shorey of Honolulu and
R. A. Duncan, chemist in the island city,
that Mrs. Stanford's death was due to a«
heart lesion, whether that lesion was
caused by the poisonous action of strych
nine, is vividly recalled the testimony of
Drs. "Wood, F. R. Day and George Her
bert of Honolulu, who testified that they
believed that^Mrs. Stanford had died of
strychnine poisoning, having, found the
drug in her body and observed its symp
toms before death and its effects after
death. \u25a0 - - .
BERTHA BERNER
NOT TALKATIVE
Hopes ; However,' ' 7 'hat
Mystery Will Be
Cleared Up.
PAIX) ALTO, Dec. 80. — Bertha Ber
ner, the companion of Mrs. Stanford at
the time of her death at Honolulu, re
fused to be interviewed last * night.
The great house on, the Palo Alto foot
hills given to Mlas Berner by Mrs;
Stanford about- six years ago -was
tightly locked. Miss Berner did not
appear all day yesterday, "•> but her
brother, C. Berner, told the newspaper
men that his sister had nothing to say
on the matter. "We have nothing one
way or the .other. to say about the af
fair," he declared.
But Miss Berner has not been so
silent concerning: her hopes for a so
lution of the ' mystery. - For "many
months after the . death of Mrs. Stan
ford she would say " nothing on ; the
subject of the philanthropist's death,
but within the last two weeks she has
talked quite freely among- her friends
and her words seem to prove conclu
sively that the trustees have been
making a thorough investigation.
"I do hope that when they are
through investigating," she said, "that
there will not be one phase of the
mystery left unsolved. I hope so for
my own sake. I have been accused of
everything — of actually giving the
poison, of desiring; her millions- "and
of much else. I know the public does
not believe these statements, but • I
want the investigation to give .the ac
tual facts to the public. , I am inno
cent of any wrong in the whole affair.
I will not say that any one fs to blame.
I loved Mrs: Stanford dearly and did
everything I could' for her."- .:
UNCLE SAM'S TABS
GUESTS AT BANQUET
Crew of Paul Jones ' Give a
Spread to Men of the
Perry.
SAN DIEGCv Dec. SO.— This evening the
officers* and men of the \ torpedo-boat de
stroyer Perry .were the guests of the offi
cers and ; crew of •- the destroyer ! Paul
Jones at an elaborate banquet. . The ban
quet to the ; men of the Perry was in re
turn for. the refreshment - provided
Christmas day, when ; the crew of the
Paul Jones* was' the guest "of :tbemen*of
the Perry.' At^the banquet^ to-night: 140
officers and men from tho two destroyers
and about ; twenty, 7 civilian r guests, includ
ing Mayor Sehon ; and a number of the
city officials, were present. After tha ban
quet' the sailors adjourned to the United
States army barracks, whera a smoker
and dance were given. - f
Will Run ; New Stenmshlp Line.
VICTORIA, ; B- iCtDccrtSO.^-The con
tract if or . anew steamship line -> vrlth a
monthly service^ between British : Co
lumbian ports ; and New" Zealand was
signed to-day at t Ottawa by the ' Can
adian Government and [ Bucknall Bros, :
or Liverpool. , ' ; .
THE \u25a0 / _.;
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL^
LIFE INSURANCE
INQUIRY ENDED
New York Special Legisla
tive (^mMtteeFinislies
the Taking of Testimony
TARBELL IN BAD LIGHT
Witness Says the Equitable's
Vice President Suggested
Plan for Giving of Rebates
HAPPENINGS DURING
THE PAST YEAR IN
INSURANCE SCANDAL
February 16— Insurance . trou
bles began - with the Equita
ble Life directors deciding
' that ' policy holders should
\-oie. .
June o— Stock of James Haeen
. Hyde purchased by Thomas
F.'Rynn. ;'„.
June 29— Report of State Su
perintendent Francis Hen
' dricks.
July 20 — Legislature adopts
resolution ot Senator W. W.
Armstrong, providing- for
the appointment of an Invea
- tlgntlng committee.
August 16— Life companies no
tified of the committee's ap
pointment.
September B— First session, of
the leslilatlve Investigating
committee.
December 30— Last session of
the lcKlHlntive Investigating
committee.
Important witnesses— -Jacob H.
Schlff, James H. H> de, Ben
. Juinln D. Odell, Chauncey M.
Depeiv, Thomas C. Platt,
Thomas F. Ryan, Edward H.
Harrlman, Georgre W. Per
kins, Richard A. McCurdy,
John : A. McCnll, John R.
Hegrcman, Senator* John ' F.
Dryden, Gage* E. Tarbell,
Superintendent Hendrlcks,
William M. Carpenter,
George J. Plunkett, Warren
F. Thinnmel, Robert , H. Mc-
Curdy, Michael E. Mullnney,
Milton N. Mattlson, Theodore
M. Banta and Horace 11.
- Brock way. \u0084.^ \u0084,M»
Missing ivttne*ie» — Andrew
Hamilton, , Thomas D. Jor
dan, Andrew C. Fields and
William H. Mclntyre. ;
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— After four
months :of arduous work, the Legislative
Committee on , Insurance Investigation,
appointed at an extra' session of the last
Legislature, adjourned to-night.
To-night was given overto;£he presen
tation of documentary evidence, which
was Vot in | readiness for the committee
until the present time.
Late in the day somewhat of as tir was
caused by the announcement of Counsel
Hughes that a letter had been received
from David B. \u25a0 .Hill, who protested
against the hearing being closed until; he
had been heard as a witness in \u25a0 regard to
his retainer from the ' Equitable Life As
surance Society. Chairman Armstrong
announced that, notwithstanding Hill's
attitude, the committee would have, to
complete Its work without 'his testimony.
Not the least interesting testimony j of
the day was that of George H. Sickles, a
real estate agent of Buffalo/who had for
merly been employed by the ' Equitable
Life. According -to Sickles, Gage K. Tar
bell, vice president of ; the Equitable, sug
gested a plan to get around the rebating
methods. Tarbell, on the witness . stand,
said he opposed rebating. Sickles testified
that Tarbell : suggested that letters be
written |to policy, holders and eventually
these letters were to be bought back at a
price.
The committee adjourned subject. to the
call of the chair, in case of an emergen
cy before the Legislature assembles on
Tuesday next. After adjournment the
committee held an executive session. ,
Amons the cuts In salaries at the Mu
tual Life Insurance Company ; which have
been made but not : previously announced
are those ,of Robert A. Grannls and * Dr.
Walter R; Gillette, vice presidents.' Up
to a short time ago Grannls was drawing
$50,000 a year and Gillette 140,000. At the
demand of the Truesdale committee each
has had his salary cut $10,000 -a; year.
WILL TRY TO REACH NORTH -POLE
Continued From Page 20, \u25a0 Column 4.
draw them over the ice, and a completely
organized and ; equipped sledging party,'
ready at any moment, should it be neces
sary, to abandon \u25a0 the | airship and \u25a0 take [to
the ice. |If at the worst our airship : car
ries us only to* the vicinity of the pole ti or
two^ thirds ; of \ the • way ' to \u25a0 it," • we ; have : an
alternative method of travel by which we
may reasonably, hope to < complete our
task and ' make our . return 'to * land •ia
safety. •
"At no time will our airship be out of
touch with Uhe [ surface \u25a0of - the earth; : JL
guide rope,: so ' called," but > in our case a
smooth, tapering 1 line of steel, \u25a0isl to drag
Its j lower end "over . the ice,"; keep I the ship
at a* fairly stable height; (lso to : 200 feet,
the altitude most favorable ; to wireless
telegraphy), and maintain under ordinary
conditions the vertical stability of • the
craft.Tggggg^Ba!ißBBS3ESßßßß sMss/Js Mss/J '. \u25a0 -\u0084
"Wireless telegraph , stations will be es
tablished ' at Spitsbergen and : at Hammer*
f est,- Norway, 600 miles 'distant. V Further
than this, "a -.wireless • equipment .will be
carried in our; alrsh ip, and it will be Our
effort \to v send ; frequent, < { and ; if ; possible,'
dally dispatches to" the ; outside world
throughout all the .time i the expedition ' Is
in the Arctlo regions,' even from the pole"
Itself, : should we be successful ' In reach
ing It." •/-:"\u25a0/\u25a0:\u25a0">.'. — \u25a0• - ; --t ,'., .
Wsnli Par From the State.
;> SAN \u25a0<£ JOSE, '• Dec. 80.—A ~«ul i'i was
started In the l Superior Court to-day by
the county aof i, Santa Clara V 2 to 'recover
from.t he state of^llfornia- $24,449. al
leged to jbe*duefor4the; support of aged
persons in indigent circumstances?; The
amount ; sued for. Is i only, a' part • of
is claimed t f rom \u25a0; the • State > and • further,
suits aggregating* In jail f over * $100,000
will 'vsoon ! he-, started. \u25a0 '; The 1 claim for
this large sum. 18 based on a technical
construction ' of I the; State - l*w^ regulat
ing the ;of '\u25a0 money ? for ; the/
support of aged indlgentf ' ;\u25a0'-'",
BINGHAM TO DO
HIS LEVEL BEST
Army Veteran Given Charge
of the New York Police Is
Enthusiastic Over Duties
PLEDGE TO TIIE PUBLIC
Simply Intends to Carry
Out the Law as He Finds
It in the Statute Book 3
NEW YORK, Deo. SO.-— General Theo
dore A. Bingham, who soon will as
sume control of ':. New York's police
department," to-day outlined the; policy
he purposes to follow in his new posi
tion.
"I Intend to jump into the Job and do
my, level beat,"., he said. "I : intend to
try to get the "confidence of the people
and keep it I suppose there are plenty
of kndekers. bur I don't 'care. I am
absolutely independent and will try to
do good work. We need good govern
ment and that , is what I am going to
try to give." . , '
\u25a0.: General Bingham said that he did not
intend to use 'the office as a stepping
stone to: anything, else.
"It Is adman's Job," he said, "and if a
man is successful it ought to be enough
to keep $iim busy the rest of his life."
He.said'thathe was able to outline
his policy only in this general way be
cause he was not familiar wKh any of
the details of the office. . He never had
visited police headquarters and was not
sure he could find it, without a guide.
It was his intention to | take things as
they came, and if reforms were needed,
he said, they would be instituted.
"It's the biggest Job, I ever was up
against," said the new Commissioner.
"It presents difficulties: that are almost
superhuman.. The .police , department
must be an executive department, and
when I assume the office I shall simply
try to carry out the law as it is on
the statute books. I have a reasonable
hope of succeeding.
"I am. not going. in with the pur
pose of making any record; I am simply
going to. do my duty as I see it. As
yet I have no opinions about the job,
but I hope I have the backbone. There
will always be a . certain amount of
vice In a community; but I am going to
enforce the laws, that: regulate vice,
and enforce them without regard to any
body. I am absolutely independent. I
took the place to help out my old friend
Mac. I know if I do. good work it will
help the McClellan administration and
I'm going to work as hard as I know
how."
Police Commissioner William McAdoo
to-night made public his letter to
Mayor McClellan, presenting his resig
nation, to take: effect, to-morrow. Mc-
Adoo. states that his resignation was
requested by the Mayor, but says such
a' request would not have been neces
sary had it even been Intimated to him
what the Mayor's wishes were in the
premises: ' He declared Mayor McClel
lan had no cause whatever for keeping
him in studied ignorance of his inten
tions. ; \u25a0 V.
In his letter Commissioner McAdoo
quotes a letter which He addressed to
Mayor McClellan in October last, call
ing his attention to a newspaper inter
view attributed to the Mayor, In which
certain . police officials were criticized.
McAdoo told the Mayor that without
the support of the city's head ,he could
not consent to remain In the police de
partment.. '\u25a0\u25a0'.
In the Mayor's reply to this letter,
dated October 3, he wrote to Mr. Mc-
Adoo: "I am Indeed sorry that my ac
tion of yesterday should have awaken
ed in your mind even the slightest sus
picion that you and your administra
tion did not have my , fullest confi
dence." ":<;V:
The Mayor concluded: "With* undi
mlnished faith in you and your, admin
istration and, with assurances of my
personal esteem," etc.
. After giving this correspondence in
full, Commissioner McAdoo concludes
his letter of resignation as follows:
"If a vacancy was desired to be cre
ated, I should have . been consulted
with; if we -had differed as to a ques
tion of policy; it should have been a
manly and honest one from which " we
could have parted as friends; if it re
lated to my personal conduct or that of
those under me, I should at least have
been given t a hearing; If you believed
that my continuance in this office wag
an advantage to the public, ypu owed it
to them and to me to say so and to at
least have: given me the opportunity of
refusing in thlsr connection any further
honors, or even if you were. convinced
to the contrary the unusual circum
stances ':; under which I accepted this
trust and our personal relations de
manded that you should so state to me
in that candid and honorable way
which prevails among gentlemen."
RAILS AT THE MEN
WHO SAVED HIS LIFE
Wonld-Be Suicide Complains
When Hauled From
\ the Bay.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 30.— An elderly man
named Sutherland this afternoon made
an ' attempt to ? commit suicide by rolling
oft the wharf into the; bay. He secured
a hack : and drove "to ' the : water front,
where he dismissed \ the driver. He lay
down; upon .the | wharf and , remained
there for some hours, \ his appearance ex
citing ; the curiosity, of some of the fre
quenters l of ' the ' place. Finally he rolled
oft I the A wharf 1 into * the bay. . A man
reached : him = with a boat hook and drew
him ; to the ' piling, > from where .he was
hauled ;,to Lthe , wharf. During the
time he was in the water ha apparently
did his • best , to keep his face under . the
surface.: After being hauled* upon the
wharf he complained that those who res
cued him should have let him stay in the
water. He : is in . ai* precarious condition
and his recovery ia a matter of doubt
The Los Angeles Times
Midwinter Number
The largest and finest Special- Edition ever published. An
eye-opener to Eastern people . BQ^S^tllpjßl^KWpW
SEND ONE TO YOUR: FRIENDS— Price io .cents . .
ON SALE in San Francisco Tuesday morning, January a, j
\u25a0>. ' AT NEWS STANDS, or at The Times .'. - . . .-...:-. \u0084 > !
San Francisco Office -- - Room 41, Chronicle Building. j
J'^ Arthur L. Fish, Representative, Telephone Main 1473. . . [
SLOAT FASS ETT
SCORES ODELL
Indorses President's Efforts
to Purge New York Repub
lican Party of the Boss
BLACK OUT OF RACE
Former Governor Will Not
Be a Candidate for Chair
• man of the State Committee
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING.
WASHINGTON, Dec 30.— Representative
J. Sloat Fassett of New York to-day con
trlbuted-'a sharp chapter to the discussion
started by ex-Governor .Odell regarding
the interference of the President and
Governor Hlggins in the matter of the
New \u25a0 York speakershlp." Fassett, who is
standing behind Governor Hlggins. ?ald:
"I think that former Governor Odell, as
Is apt to be the case with men who have
been long in a high position, entirely mis
reads and misunderstands, as he certain
ly misinterprets and misrepresents, the
issue before the people.
"The question before the Republicans
of the State of New York is whether the
Republican organization" and leadership is
to be continued along the lines which
have led to widespread distrust and sus
picion and demoralization, or whether the
party is so to clean house as to render
the Republican house the most attractive
for a majority of the people to dwell In.
"It seems to me that President Roose
velt, and Governor Higglns have been
pointing the way, not for the purpose of
injuring any particular man or any par
ticular set of men, nor for the purpose ot
festering the ambitions of any particular
man or any particular set of men, but
for .' the purpose ' of re-establishing the
Ideals and the higher purposes of the
Republican party upon a sound plane ot
thought and feeling."
ALBANY, N. V., Dec. SO.— Former Gov
ernor Frank 8. Black, who was asked by
President Roosevelt to become " chairman
of the State committee, has positively de
clined to*" become a candidate for the
place. Black prefers to devote all his at
tention. to the practice of law, and tho de
tails of political management have al
ways been distasteful to him.
J. Sloat Fassett, John F. O'Brien. Sec
retary of State; William Barnes Jr. of
this city, and William L. Ward of West
chester have been discussed for the chair.
manshlp, and the rumor was circulated
here to-night that William Loeb. the
President's secretary, might be made
chairman of the committee. Loeb, who
formerly lived In Albany, is now a resi
dent of Oyster Bay. The appointment of
George B. Cortelyou as chairman of the
Republican National Committee is cited
as a precedent for the selection of Loeb.
It Is now probable that a new chairman
will be chosen In the immediate future,
although it is possible that the State com
mittee will decide to ask for Odell's resig
nation before the meeting of the next
State convention, when the new commit
tee will meet to organize.
VESSELS NAEKOWLY
ESCAPE DESTEUCTION
Dynamite Laden Steamship
Collides With a ..
Schooner.
WILMINGTON. Del., Deo. SO.— Laden
with dynamite the steamship Pennsyl
vania from New York for San Francisco
via Philadelphia crashed into the schoon
er Prescott Palmer to-day while the
schooner was aground on Cherry Island
flats in the Delaware River. So great
was the impact that although the colli
sion'occurred before daylight, it was not
until late In the afternoon that the ves
sels were separated. The sharp prow of
the steamer cut into the schooner's stern
for a distance of thirty feet. That the
Pennsylvania's cargo of dynamite did not
explode is regarded as little short of
miraculous. The Prescott Palmer is hard
aground and is in danger of breaking hi
two. \u25a0 The damage to the schooner is es
timated at 530,000.
Captain Carlisle of the schooner as
serts, that there was no tog when the
Pennsylvania struck his craft and he has
died a libel against the owners of the
steamer, and the latter has been seized
by United States ' Marshal Flynn.
.The Prescott; Palmer is owned by Wil
liam '.; D. Palmer of Boston, for which
port she .was bound with 4400 tons of coal.
The Pennsylvania \Js ' owned by the
Northwestern Steamship Company of
Seattle.
WILL BUILD WIRELESS
PLANT AT -POINT LOMA
Navy Asks for' Bids for
Station to Cost
$20,000.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. SO.— Lieutenant L. J.
de Ryder, United States navy, who Is In
charge of the naval coaling station site
here, has received instructions to secure
bids for the ,- construction \u25a0 of a wireless
telegraph station on top of Point Loma,
and he will receive bids up to January
20. The order comes from Commander
Gearing, equipment officer of Mare Island.
The station will Include an operating
building, dwelling houses, water tank and
other; structures, costing approximately
$20,000. The site for the post, which is to
be one of four ; to be established by the
Government on this coast, is on the crest
of Point Loma, which is 422 feet high
Itself. It 'will be in charge of an officer
and six assistants.
Comptroller nidgely Marries.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. — William
Barrett Rldgely, Comptroller of the
Currency, and ; Miss ,A. Derrlngr were
married this afternoon in St. John's
Church. SBSS
PENFIELD NOT
FORCED OUT
His Retirement as Solicitor
of the State Department
Due to His Own Wishes
PRAISED BY MR. ROOT
Secretary Expresses Regret
of Himself and President
at Loss of Subordinate
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— Solicitor W.
L. Penfield to-day made the following
statement regarding; his retirement
from the State Department:
"In view of erroneous interpretations
which have been, given to the motives
for my resignation as solicitor for the
Department of State. I would say that
it was not on. account of any request
or suggestion directly or indirectly
made by the President or the Secre
tary of State, nor was it because of
any Indelicate or Improper assumption
on my part to criticise as a subordinate
official the judgment of my chiefs."
The following letter from Secretary
of State Root to Penfield was mad*
public:
"I have communicated to the Presi
dent your letter, dated the 23d lnst, in
which you tender your resignation of
the office of solicitor for the State De
partment.
"The President directs me to say that
in accepting your resignation he sin
cerely regrets the" termination of your
long and distinguished services. For
myself I beg to assure you of the re
luctance witn which I view the sever
ance of your important position with
this department.
"Regretting the loss the public ser
vice sustains in your retirement and
appreciating your zeal and earnestness
in the fulfillment of your duties. I trust
you will carry with you an agreeable
recollection of our personal association
and an assurance also of the good
wishes of all those who have known
and esteemed you."
BNDS HIS LIFE AFTER MAKIXG
NUMEROUS APPEALS FOR FOOD
BEXLJNGHAM. Dec. 30.— Despondent
because he could get nothing to eat. an
unidentified laboring man threw him
self in front of a train from Sumaa
shortly after 12 o'clock to-day and met
instant death. His body was horribly
mangled. The man had been loitering
about the neighborhood an hour before
the tragedy, begging from door to door.
Bad Blood
Is responsible for most* of
the diseases and ailments of
the human system. It se-
riously affects:ey©pSi]cyrgan
and function, causes catarrh,
dyspepsia; rheumatism,
weak, tired, languid feelings
and worse troubles. .Take
Hood's SarsapariUa
which purifies and enriches
the blood as nothing else can
For testimonials of remarkable cqrts
send for Book on the Blood, No. 3.
C I. Hood Co., Lowell, Mass.
O • . .0
: A Handsome income
Rents ::
$700.00
: Per Month
I 370,000
26 small flats; never idle; \\
\\ rents reasonable; on a sunny I,
n corner, 60x114; nr. Market and
Haight. ; I
Austin F. Shannon :
; 333 Montgomery St. 1
!! Real Estate. <
A. .......... ". 6
Dr.Lyoh's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Cleanse? and beautifies tho
teeth and -purifies the breath.
Used by people of 'refinement
for over a quarter of a century*
I Convenient for tourists.
PftkpARKDBV
HOLIDAY GIFTS
Opera, Race and Field
Glasses, Lorgnettes, Spec-
tacles, Kodaks and Cameras.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEAR SUITES 09?. OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
"HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
« ? OB>I *T E^*ni»g Table d'H»t*.
Will be served la the white and
g old room every Sunday Evening
• at 6:30 o'clock.
»2.30 per plate. Haber*a Orchvrtra
Reservations t may b« mad* wlti
_\th« . >f altr«, d'HoteL .MOSCOW REVOLUTIONISTS SLAUGHTERED WITH ARTILLERY;
REBEL LEADERS CONFESS DEFEAT AT HANDS OF DE WITTE
The revolt at Moscow is being crushed with awful slaughter. Rebels barricaded^ in a mill have been bombarded with
artillery and hundreds slain. An army is marching to attack the marauders in the Baltic provinces. Leaders of the insurrec
tion admit they have been outgeneraled by De Witte. . \u25a0>
Insurgents' Stronghold
Bombarded With
Field Guns.
Hundreds Perish in De
fense of Improvised
Fortress.
Black Hundreds Cre
mate Workmen Meet
ing in Tea House.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 30. — Gov
ernor General Doubassoff has tele
graphed to the Government from Mos
cow that a large meeting of revolu
tionists and strikers at the Prokharoff
cotton mill outeide the city was sur
rounded by troops of all arms to-day.
The Krtlllrry opened a terrific l-.oui
bardmrnt and made a larse ttole In the
wit 1 1 m, «tiii-!i nu<lil< nlj cniinhle<l anil the
building; mine flow a In a heap. ' Hua
dreda, If not ji thotnontl. of prrxonn
were buried In the ruins.
Boubassoff regarded the Prokharoff
mills a« the stronghold of the revolu
tionists, and. he reports that Moscow
will be entirely cleared of them in throe
J The Governor General also announced
that he prevented several \u25a0 thousand
"loyalists' who -assembled in the Sakol
niki district, in the outskirts of Mos
cow, from marching Into the <-Tcy for
the purpose of attacking the strikers,
revolutionists and Jews.
The police force of Moscow has been
'increased by a thousand men and the
night watchmen by 2000 men.
MOSCOW, Dec. 30. — Governor Gen
eral OtmbaKsoff to day annumed tbe of
fensive against the revolutionary
strenjt hold In tbe nortbneitfrn or
PrfßM quarter, and all day the Inhab
itants of the city have been listening;
to the thunder of ennnon and the rattle
of ftmall arm*. At thin writing flrlns
in Mill audible, bet more distant and
the lurid glare In the heavens show*
that many structure* are In flainea.
c It wafe essentially a surprise attack.
During the night artillery and machine
guns moved to the streets leading to
th^p^eg^a. district, all of which were
hewn/" and at 4 o'clock
this morning the troops began an ad
vance, clearing the. way ruthlessly. By
10 o'clppk most of the region had been
cleared and the main b.ody of ttie in
surgents and strikers had been driven
into the Prokharoff cotton mills, an
immense establishment, which was for
tified to stand a siege. A smaller force
of the revolutionaries held the Kornos
off.. .another four-story factory, in
Kudrlnsky place. The latter was bom
barded and reduced without much dif
ficulty, it is impossible to penetrate
the quarter, as 'the pickets have the
strictest orders to allow no one to pass.
The artillery fire was resumed at 2
o'clock this afternoon and continues.
According: to officers at Governor Gen
eral. 'Doubassoff's headquarters, the
ProJkharoff mill is momentarily ex
pected to Tall, ard it is asserted that It
is the programme to finish the revolt
to-nsghu It is admitted that the
slaughter has been immense.
The Reminovsky Regiment is said to
have distinguished itself in many places
by storming barricades and is the
heaviest loser on the side of the troops.
"A terrible affair took place nt a
norknen"* teahouse In Xovavn Dere
voya street, near the Presaa district.
Tt was surronnded by tbe "Black Hun
dreds," who finally applied tbe torch
«n«l were watching the victims Inside
consumed by the flame* irfaro Cossacks
arrived on tbe nceue.
Governor General Doubassoff has
ported an imperial ukase guaranteeing
pardon to strikers who have not used
arms.
« TOOOPS FACE HAlcn TASK.
Moscow Revolutionist* Must Be Fought
Prom ll once to Honmr.
MOSCOW, Friday, Dec. 23.— 1n view cf
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
Woman's Trials.
T^ye bitter trail In a woman's life is to
be childless. Who can tell how hard the
straggle may hare been ere she learnt to
rcsiya herself to her lonely lot? The ab-
sence of this link to bind marital life
together, the absence of this one pledge
to mutual affection Is a common disap-
pointment. Many unfortunate couples
become estranged thereby. Even if they
do not drift apart, one may read the whole
extent of their disappointment in the eyes
of such a childless couple wly>n they rest
on the children of others. To them tho
largest famflydoos not seem too numerous.
'Iq many cases of barrenness or child-
lessness the obstacle to child-bearing is
easily remored by the cure of weakness on
the part of tho woman. Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription has been the means of
restoring health and fruitf ulness to many
a barren woman, to the great joy of the
household. In otuer, but rare cases, the
obstruction to the bearing of children has
beea.fonnd to be of a surgical character,
bnt easily removable by painicss operative
treatment at tbe Invalids' Hotel and .Sur-
gical Institute. Buffalo, N. V.. over which
Dr. Pterce of the "Favorite Prescription"
fame presides. In all cases where chil-
dren are desired and are absent, an effort
should be made to find oat the real cause,
since it is generally so easily removed by
proper treatment. *
I In all tbe various weaknesses, displace-
i&'-n^K. prolapsus, inflammation and de-
biUtatjng, catarrhal drains and in all
casts of nervousness and debility, Dr.
Pifrcc'B Favorite Prescription is the most
efficient remedy that can possibly be used.
It hap to its credit hundreds of thousands
of cun»s — more in fact than any other
remed t put up for sale through druggists,
especially for woman's use. The ingredi-
ents of which the "Favorite Prescription '.
's composed have received the most
positive endorsement from the lcadine
medical writers on Matcria Mcdica of all
the several schools of practice. AH tho
ingredient* are printed in plain English
on the wrapper enclosing the bottle, so
that any woman making use of this
ramous medicine may know exactly what
»c » taking. Dr. pierce takes hi* pa-
tients into his full confidence, which be
can afford to do as the formula after
i ch mm c v " F *vorite Prescription" is
made will bear the most careful exam-
ination.
Dr. Pwee's Pleasant Pellete are tbo
best and safest laxative for women.
GOVERNOR GENERAL DOUBASSOFF OF MOSCOW. WHOSE COSSACKS AND
ARTILLERY HAVE BROUGHT THE INCIPIENT REVOLUTION IN THE
"HOLY CITY" Op RUSSIA TO ITS FINAL STAGES.
the fact that Governor General Doubas
soff refused to negotiate with the strike
committee which sought to obtain a free
pardon for th* participants in the up
rifing, the leaders of the righting organi
zations, encouraged by the failure of* the
troops to occupy or destroy the barri
cides in the northwest section of the city,
decided to continue the struggle and this
morning the revolutionists were again In
possession of their old strongholds in the
Brunnaya quarter. The Governor Gen
eral is evidently waiting, until he has suf
ficient troops to hold the disturbed region,
when it will be cleared.
Nevertheless, the work of routing out
the revolutionists will be difficult, and,
perhaps, costly, as the tactics of the rev
olutionists are not to fight In the open,
but to defend the barricades which are
used to impede the movement of troops,
\u25a0while, from the adjoining houses,' little
groups in ambush shoot at the soldiers
and throw bombs. The maze of narrow,
crooked streets and the hilly s nature of
the ground make it practically impos
sible to ' use artillery effectively, and
eventually will compel the troops to clear
the region by moving from house to
house. The region covers several square
miles between the river and Tverskaia,
and is hemmed in by. troops, whose lines
cut off the revolutionists from the Brest
railroad on the east. The troops occupy
a ridge along the boulevard.
A correspondent had no difficulty In
traversing the whole region under the es
cort of a member of the "Drujlna," or a
fighting organization of the revolution
ists. The pickets near the boulevard were
then exchanging a sharp fusillade. The
"Drujina" did not appear to be well or
ganized and lacked regular officers. The
Workmen's Council was supposed to have
general direction of the workmen's army,
but each group seemed to act on Its own
initiative. The majority of the men were
armed only with revolvers of a cheap pat
tern. Two companies of 200 men each,
however, were armed with repeating shot
guns and a few rifles. The most business
like feature was the "Drujina's" hospital,
which was equipped with a regular sur
gical staff arid Sisters of Mercy. The
wounded men were well cared for. The
troops on Thursday captured a surgical
detachment of the revolutionists com
manded by Dr. Abramoff, a Jew.
Tho members of the "Drujina" are very
boastful. They declare they are not dis
couraged, and that, on the contrary, they
will again take the offensive.
Troops are continually arriving here.
The latest arrivals are the Daghestan
Cavalry— big, dashing-looking fellows,
with scarlet-tipped caps.
The police continue to make domiciliary
visits at night, . and have seized an im
mense quantity of revolvers. In one
house, inhabited chiefly by Jews, they
captured sixty-nine revolvers and several
bombs. The owners of the weapons were
taken to the prison, which is already full
to overflowing.
In the daytime people passing through
the gates of the old wall of the city are
almost invariably searched.- Even sleighs
containing richly dressed persons are
stopped and . the occupants are compelled
to descend and pass through the hands
of the. wild Cossack soldiery, who search
every person for concealed arms.
It Is difficult to ffirm an estimate of the
casualties, but , they have been greatly
overstated. The losses of the troops and
police have been mainly from ambush
work, but they are comparatively small
and probably will not reach a hundred.
So far as the other casualties are con
cerned, those of the workmen generally
and innocent sufferers, 2500 is perhaps a
conservative estimate.
GENERAL STRIKB CALKED OFF.
6T. PETERSBURG, Deo. 31.— The
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 31,) .1005:
Council of Workmen met secretly last
night and after an eight-hour session"
at 2 o'clock this morning adopted a
resolution to call off the strike on
Monday "because the fight of the peo
ple against the Government can
longer be limited to the disorganiza
tion' of the economic life of the nation
through a universal strike and is al
ready in many parts of the country
taking on the character of. an un
armed rising.
"The Council of Workmen's depu
ties," the resolution concludes, "de
cides to proceed immediately * with
warlike operations and the organiza
tion of an armed uprising."
The council recognized that the or
ganization of an immediate rising
could not succeed In the capital, but,
while making preparations, it would
be necessary to undertake a sort of
guerrilla warfare, consisting of the
disarming of police and soldiers
wherever they are^ound alone on the
street's, the use of bombs from am
bush and other acts of terror..
The council drew up a proclamation
to the Cossacks warning them that if
they continued to fight against the
people they would be treated like mad
dogs and if they wished to be treat
ed as brothers they should remain in
their barracks.
An appeal was also drawn up re
questing the proletariat of all coun
tries to support the fight begun at
Moscow.
FAMOUS CASTLES DESTROYED.
Rare Collection* of Knightly Treasures
Horned by Rebels.
RIGA, Livonia, Deo. 30.— : The strike
ended here to-day. The newspapers
have reappeared and business and work
at the factories have been resumed.
The termination of the strike will
rescue the city from famine. The sup
ply of fresh meat gave out three days
ago.
General Sollugub, the new Governor
General of the Baltic Provinces," , is~
moving northward at the head of 10,000
troops, with * artillery. Upon his arrival
here he is expected; to begin an .ener
getic campaign against the revolution
ists, who have created a. condition of
anarchy in the : country. Two of the
most famous castles In. the. Baltic pro
vinces — Dondangen, built in the thir
teenth century, and Odessee, a stately,
structure which was : filled with the
rarest collection of knightly treasures
— have been .burned.
•During the, strike, many high-handed
atrocities were committed. The revolu
tionists established an "execution
block," where persons condemned ; by
the revolutionary committee were shot.
The police here are now armed with
rifles. »
Mlxrd BUI at Grand.
The Grand-Opera-house management
announces that _: instead, of the "Monna
Vanna" as bill for this week Miss
Nance O'Neil will present a mixed bill,
to include three of ' Miss O'Neil's most
famous characterizations in "The Jew
ess," "Hedda ; Gablcr" and "Macbeth."
There will be a special matinee New-
Year's day. .
THE
ROOSE VEtT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
Czar's Premier Leads Dynasty 's
Foes Into Making Fatal Blunder.
Seeming Paralysis of Government
Only a" Ruse to Entrap Rebels.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 30.— Hie Gov
ernment claims that the attempt , at an
crmed rebellion has failed signally. In a
senJ-official communication issued i to
night it declared the movement* has been
broken and that within a few weeks it
would be definitely crushed. It attributes
the defeat of the "reds" not only to the
force the Government employed, but to a
lack of public 'sympathy.
Simultaneously the . Government . an
nounces that the regulations for the elec
tions to the national assembly have been
completed and will be published to-mor
row, and that everything possible will be
done to accelerate the meeting of "the
Douma, in which the voice of; the nation,
and not of a single class, can be heard.
A member of the Cabinet said to-day:
"The result of the attempt of the revo
lutionists to overthrow the Government
by force was never for a moment in
doubt, but what has occurred and what
is occurring we believe will have a salu
tary effect on public opinion. The revolu
tion will go on, but it is our purpose to
confine it to peaceful channels."
A prominent revolutionary leader, who
is a leading spirit in the movement to
raze the dynasty and its regime and for
whom the police are searching, was un
able to conceal his depression, but nev
ertheless he claimed that the movement
had received only a temporary check.
ENTRAPPED DV D IS WITTE.
"We blundered badly," he said. "We fell
into the trap Dc Witte set for us. Em
boldened at the seeming paralysis of the
Government, we proclaimed broadcast our
intention of preparing an armed revolu
tion for January or February. We vir
tually threw our cards on the table then.
"De Witte challenged and we rashly
accepted before organization was per
fected or plans matured. It was all too
sudden and 111-timed. The workmen were
worn out by the recent strikes and the
holidays were at hand, and, besides, we
obtained active co-operation neither from
the populace, on which we had counted,
nor from^the troops, among whom we
know we have support. It is a bad re
verse. Our most skillful leaders have been
arrested and the supplies of arms which
we laboriously collected have been seized.
"But the situation has also its
bright side, for it is the first time the
proletariat has fought in : the 'open
against the, bayonets and. cannon of
the Government. That is a great vic
tory. The Government must not flatter
Itself that' it has dealt a decisive blow.
We have- dedicated our ., lives to the
work. We are fighting not only for
the emancipation of Russia," but for the
social revolution of the world.".
ZERO WEATHER AIDS CZAR.
The elements are now righting on
the side of the Government, as they
did in the days of Napoleon. The north
ern winter, with all its rigors, has set
in; the upper half of the empire is
locked in snow and ice, and it would
be difficult for the proletariat to build
and defend barricades in the streets and
fight a winter campaign. In St. Peters
burg to-night the temprature is 18
degrees below zero and everywhere
fixes are burning in the streets to keep
the homeless fiom freezing.
No other details have been received
of the horrible affair at Moscow to-day,
when Governor General Doubassoff's ar
tillery brought the waH3 of the Prok
haroff cotton mills tumbling down on
the heads of several thousand strikers
and revolutionaries, except a statement
that hundreds perished. ,
The attempt of "Black Hundreds" to
march into the city and wreak
vengeance on the revolutionaries and
strikers only tends to confirm the fears
that the final collapse . of the revolt
at Moscow will be followed by an awful
massacre, and although Governor \u25a0Gen
eral Doubassoff succeeded in prevent
ing their entry into the city to-day
and will take stern measures in \he
future it will be difficult to restrain
the lower classes, who regard the,rev
olutionaries as enemies of the Emperor
and the country. Already rowdies are
taking advantage of the situation to
plunder on a large scale.
LOSSES OP TROOPS S LIGHT.
Governor General Doubassoff has not
yet given the figures of the losses dur
ing tho fighting at Moscow, saying that
It is .< impossible at present to more
than make, a guess. However, he places
the outside limit at 3000. The troops
and, police did not suffer nearly jso
heavily as the rebels, and it is re-^
ported that up to Thursday night' there
were less than fifty casualties all told
among them. -
Throughout Russia, I Immediately on
the appearance of disorders, the , au
thorities are declaring martial law,
making wholesale^ arrests and. confis
cating arms. /
The general strike seems to be going
to pieces. It was declared off at Riga
to-day and at Odessa Jt Is breaking, up
and many railroads are resuming I op
erations.
The result of the call for an. armed
rising in Poland to-morrow is awaited
with anxiety.
ROJESTVENSKY TO BE . TRIED.
Czar Orders Formal Prosecution of
\ Defeated . Admiral. . . \u25a0
'BERLIN, Dec. 30.— Dispatches from
St. . Petersburg • say the Czar has di
rected the* Minister of Marine to prose
cute Admiral Rojestvensky, who , com
manded the Russian fleet which • was
annihilated in" the battleof the" Seaiof
Japan. ; ; He charges . him with , haying
caused the loss of the fleet and sacri
ficed the lives j of-.: his "men and' with
negligence and Inefficiency. J \u25a0•• \
. - The . Czar has granted the ' appeal \u25a0of
Rojestvensky to have . a public hearing.
Rojestvensky ';. declares £he will T be ,' able
to. clear himself of the charges made
against him.
WARSAW STRIKE A FAILURE.
WARSAW,' Russian Poland,' Dec. 30.—
The Socialists have, issued a. proclama
tion in whicn "\u25a0 they confess ••; that ': the
general strike 'is unsuccessful. \u25a0_-. They
attribute' Its. '. failure : to : the 'National
Democratic party. Attempts to • erect
barricades *. at ; ; three": places \u25a0 mi this ? city,
to-day failed.' There \u25a0 are heavy' patrols
in : the streets and the banks 'are closed.
- ; KIEFF/ Dec. -30.— Passenger", service
has .been restored; On the /Southwestern
Railroad, f and ; : freight i traffic Is * gradu
allyibeinglresumed. ,',\u25a0.:,:.'\u25a0\u25a0-.. ;
•: KREMENTCHUG,* Russia, Dec. 30 —
The" Governor ' General has issued a
•. -\u25a0 -V
proclamation announcing that persons
guilty of throwing bombs from houses
are .subject, to trial by . court-martial
and to be sentenced to death.
SCHULAVKA, Russia, Dec. 30. — The
inquisitions, made here hnve resulted in
the seizure of a large quantity of arms
and explosives. Seventy-eight arrests
were made.
BARONOVITCHI, ' Government of
Minsk, Russia, Dec. 30. — Governor Gen
eral Orloff has proclaimed martial law
here, and has compelled the railroad
men to resume work. V
WORKMEN FIGHT COSSACKS.
Kill Elsht Soldiers and Lose Tvreaty-
Seven of Their Onn Hen,
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. SO.— ln an
encounter between workmen and Cos
sacks yesterday at the Nevsky ship
building yards eight Cossacks and
twenty-seven workmen were killed and
many were wounded. «
The railroad trains from St. Peters
burg to Moscow are not running to
that city, but are stopping at a station
near Tver. The permanent way of the
Nicholas Railway has been damaged
between Tver and Kulitacia stations.
DOMINICAN CEUISER
DECLARED A EEBEL
Warship Independencia Is
Kegarded as Supporter
of Morales.
SAN DOMINGO, Republic of Santo Do
mingo, Dec. 30.— Vice President General
Ramon Caceres arrived here to-day and
issued a decree calling for an extraordi
nary session of Congress to discuss the
accusa^-on of citizens that President
Morales is a traitor and an instigator of
bloodshed.
The whereabouts of President Morales
is still unknown, but several officers who
left the city with him have been ar
rested outside the town. The Govern
ment has declared the Dominican cruiser
Independencia to be a, rebel. : Quiet pre
vails here.- -^ < * .»••\u25a0\u25a0••
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, Dec. 30.— The
Dominican cruiser Independencia has
started for Monte Crlsto on the southern
coast of Santo Domingo, according to in
formation received here, but it is not
known whether she is. acting, in behalf
of the fugitive President. Morales, or in
the Interest of Vice -President Caceres,
the temporary President of Santo Do
mingo. •
General Rodriguez, the Governor of
Monte Cristi, who is understood to be
supporting Morales, hr.s occupied San
Lorenzo de Guayubin, about twenty-five
miles southeast of Monte Cristi, and is
strengthening his position there while
awaiting the arrival of Morales, when the
future movements of the forces of Gen
eral Rodriguez will be decided upon. The
inhabitants of tha district of Monte
Cristi are in a state of agitation, as it
is expected that. the decisive struggle be
tween the rival leaders will take place in
that part of the country. There is also
anxiety as to the attitude of the United
States. Telegraphic communication be
tween Puerto Plata and Monte Cristi is
Interrupted.
WITHOUT AN EfiUAL, IS THE FAMOUS
Stomach' Bitters
!$J WM^i§M^ It has withstood the severe test of public approval
if! i^^S^ or over 50 years and because of its wonderful
111 511^^ > curative powers is now recognized as the leading fam-
jtfjl ity medicine of the day. That's why we urge you so
I|§ |§^l^!^ strongly to give it a trial, especially if you suffer from
Ifi'^^^^^ Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Flatulency, Nausea,
Poor Appetite, Sick Headache, Biliousness,
"S?|i^S^^^| Costiveness, Colds, Grippe or Female Troubles.
Pil^^^^^ll You'll never find a better medicine to .cure you.
m^^^^^^M Thousands of men and women have said so and
the following are samples of the grateful letters we
» :: \u25a0 r: -\u25a0\u25a0... ..*-\u25a0\u25a0-:\u25a0 . " ' ' -
MR, WM. M. • BLALOCK, Durham, MR. GRANT GOULD, Crawfords-
N; Car.,, says: "I have used your Bitters ville, Ind., says: "I suffered terribly
, for Dyspepsia, Indigestion and General from the effects of a weak stomach and
''Weakness; and find it excellent. I recom- could not eat anything without being dis-
mend it to all sufferers from Stomach tressed.' Your Bitters, however, soon
Troubles." cured me and saved my life."
JAPAN'S POLICY
TOWARD KOREA
Tokio Government Intends
to Develop but Not to
Tax the Hermit Kingdom
IN BOLE OF PEOTECTOE
Seoul's Foreign Relations to
Be Supervised to Prevent
Encroachment by Powers
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— That Japan In
tends to develop Korea and to dominate
her foreign affairs, but does not intend to
make that country a vassal or Japanese
state, -was a statement made to-day by
Korekiyo Takahashl. the Japanese finan
cial commissioner, who arrived hero from
Europe on his way to Toklo. When Taka
hashi was asked wtfether Korea will be
made to pay any part of Japan's debt he
said:
"No, we will develop Korea, but not tax
her. The question of a Japanese protec
torate in Korea is misunderstood in this
country. Korea is a weak nation and
needs protection. Japan has no intention
of making her a vassal or a state of the
nation. But she intends to dominate Ko
rea's foreign relations to preserve the
peace of the Far East. So long as It is
othewise Korea is liable -to become the
prey of other nations. To prevent this
Japan has taken upon herself the work of
looking after -Korea, but. In no wise is it
intended to interfere with her internal af
fairs."
"Will your country sell Saghalien Isl
and to help pay off the debt?" was asked.
"Japan will not sell her possession." he
replied. "It is too valuable in coal, oil arid
mines, and Japan intends to develop the
property."
Takahashi said he had been instru
mental In floating loans for Japan amount
ing to $535,000,000. and of that amount the
United States has taken $190,000,000 in
bonds.
TOBACCO USERS
FIND CHAMPIONS
Learned Men of London Do
Not Begard the Weed as
a Stimulus to Cancer
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1905. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— As several Chi
cago surgeons have Issued a terrible
warning to smoking mankind, seeing
the cancer lurking in the bowl of the
extra pipe, seeing it stamped on the
band of the fat cigar and in the slender
shape of the insidious cigarette, an Ex
press representative asked a famous
London surgeon for his views and he
said: . - -V;, • . , .
; "It is very difficult to give an opin
ion on the subject. A man may come
to me with a malignant disease of the
throat and mouth, who has never been
seen without a pipe, and his friends
say, 1 told you so,'. but people forget
that many non-smokers develop cancer.
I saw a patient this morning who is
40 years old. He has carefully avoided
tobacco all- his life, believing in con
sequence that he would escape the uni
versal curse, but he had cancer of the
tongue and I could give him only a few
months to live.
"There Is no doubt," he added, "that
those whose families show a long rec
ord of the disease should live by
rule and smoke very little. A small
wound in the mouth may have malig
nant tendencies, when if the pipe or
the cigarette had been forsaken for a
couple of weeks, it might have healed
NOTIFIES ROOT
OF DEPARTURE
Chinese Minister Gives Him
Outline of Programme of
Commission Coming Here
TO STOP AT HONOLULU
Visitors Are to Be Shown All
the .Courtesies Bestowed
on Foreign Diplomats
WASHINGTON, Dec. SO.— Th« Chines*
Minister here. Sir Chtntun* LJanj
Chen?, called at the State Department
to-day to notify Secretary Root officially
of tho departure from China for this
country of an imperial commission com
posed of two Chinese of nign degree, and
a numerous and brilliant staff of attend
ants, who have been charged by the Chi
nese Government with the task of study
ing: American political, military, naval,
educational and industrial methods. This
commission will stop at Honolulu on tha
way across the Pacific for a f3W days,
and is timed to arrive in San Francisco
on January 18. At that port the mem
bers will be accorded 'all of the courte
sies and facilities usually bestowed upon
visiting diplomatists charged with spe
cial missions. Traveling overland, the
commission will reach Washington about
January 21. and will take up their resi
dence at the Chinese legation.
Secretary Root has already charged
Charles Denby, the chief clerk of tho
I>epartment of State and formerly secre
tary of legation at Peking, with the duty
of receiving and caring for the commis
sion in behalf of the Government. Not
withstanding the formidable task set for
them, the commissioners expect to com
plete the investigation of American,
methods in three weeks, when they will
return to China. At the head of tho
commission is General Tuan Fong. He is
a Manchu. and is known in his own prov
ince under the name of Tokrow. At pres
ent he is Governor of the province of
Hunan, and was recently acting Viceroy
of Hunan and Hupeh.
following closely upon th!s American
commission, probably coming on the next
steamer, but landing at Seattle instead
of San Francisco, will com© another com
mission headed by Hslang Chiheng, tho
present acting Governor of the province
of Shantung. This commission is to do
in Europe what the ilrst commission is
to undertake in America. But they will
be in no haste to reach their destination,
and expect to make a stay also in Wash
ington and their way across the country
to take ship for Europe.
In sending these commissions abroad, as
the matter was explained to Secretary
Root, the Chinese Government is seeking
to emulate Japan and intends . to follow
the example of that nation in freely
availing itself of the best of modern for
eign ideas which can be engrafted upon
Chinese civilization.
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
normally instead of developing Into a
cancerous growth."
On the other hand, a clever dentist,
who Is at the top of his profession, con
siders that smoking is often a safe
guard against disease and believes that
the spread of cancer Is due to un
healthy conditions of the mouth.
"Some people come to me." he said,
"who evidently never expended a
minute on the care of their teeth. I
believe the supposed injurious effect of
tobacco Is greatly exaggerated.
"A case came under my notice a day
or two ago of a lady, whose teeth were
In a terribly septic condition and who
suffered from ulceratlon of the gums.
She informed me, when I wondered at
her immunity f rom internal disease, that
she owed it to smoking twenty cigar
ettes a day. which purified and disin
fected her system." M*M
3132
J AGED EN-GLISH WOMAN WHO
is a pensioner of ladt
ctrzon.
LADY CURZON
IS CHARITABLE
One of the Oldest Women in
England Is Among Those
Who Receive Her Bounty
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Doc. 30.— Besides her many
other distinctions. Lady Curzon enjoys
that of having one of the oldest women In
England on her pension list. The vener
able dame In question, whose name is
Johanna Havie, is S9 ycarrs of age, and if
she lives until next March will be a cen
tenarian. A "spinster," as t^iey call un
married women in England, she "lives at
Reigate, and first came under Lady Cur
xon's notice when the former Chicago girl
and her husband, the ex- Viceroy of India,
were living at the Priory there.
Up to about a year ago Miss Havie
earned a modest living by doing odd Jobs
of mending for some of the unmarried
men employed in the Reigate shops. Then,
however, her eyesight gave out, and.
much against hr will, she was obliged to
apply for parish relief. The Poor Law
Guardians of Reigate granted her a dol
lar a week, but even in a little* English
town that sum doesn't go very far, and
the old lady was In rather low water
\u25a0when Lady Curzon happened to hear of
her case. The American peeress promptly
declared that she would allow Miss Havie
52 a week more, and since then that sum
has been, "paid regularly to' the aged
spinster by" Lady Curzon's London
bankers. «
Shortly after the ex-Vicereine's recent
return from the East sh"e sent her vener
able pensioner a handsome Indian shawl,
which sho had brought back especially
for her and which, needless to say, great
ly delighted its recipient. . Thanks to
Lady Curzon's benevolence. Miss Havie Is
now living comfortably In a cottage in
Reigate, and says she is not enly going to
live to be a hundred, but well on past the
century mark.
Message Will Circle the World.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. — Following
a custom established several years ago
the naval observatory will at 12
o'clock to-morrovr night send a New
Year's greeting around the world.
This is done by a prearrangement
with the telegraph and cable com
panies and it is that the
message will complete the circuit
eround the worl<^ In about ten seconds'
time.
9 I — -*
ALE drinkers who have been
abroad comment upon the strik-
ing difference between English
ale as they get it in England and
as th*y get it hfre. The climate and
conditions are different; besides, the
ale Ss seriously affected by the racking
ocean voyage.
\u25a0uits American conditions far better
than can any foreign brewed ale. It
never varies, because it Is Bottled hy
<h«» Itrrvrerw in the same scrupulous
manner as that in which It is brewed —
a strictly American innovation. \u25a0
Worth nn u >ii!K and Worth Tryinxs Just
to «.e«> the strides made In the
*,*"* brenins; Indniftry.
Apply to any dealer, or
C. \\. RVANS A SO.VS. Established 1756
Brewery and Bottling Works,
SHERWOOD A SnERVVOOD,
Helling Agents for Pacific Coast,
Ban Francisco, Portland, Los Angeles,
Seattle. *
li|ll|pSAFE
Cure for
Contains no bromides or heart depressing drugs.
JVofear of heart failure after using it.
It 's effervescent, removes the cause of headaches.
Acts pleasantly and above all healthfully.
Favored by Physicians and the Public
for more than 6o years.
At Dnxcjiftt, Me and SU at by mall from
fHE TARRAKT CO., it Bndsoa Street, S. T.
1 n JeL, i\UUsi,vllLl JJ it ARa NEXT SUNDAY
PLANS TO AID
THE UNEMPLOYED
Joseph Fels, the Millionaire.
Would Cut Up the Large
Estates of Great Britain
LAND FOR THE POOH
Agriculture, He Contends, if
Properly Carried Out Will
Solve the Big Problem
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 30. — Joseph Fels, the
Anglo-American millionaire, who has
interested himself deeply in the Eng
lish unemployed problem, has gone to
the United States in order to study
similar Industrial Issues which affect
America. Fels recently offered to en
able a number of public and municipal
bodies in England to start farm colo
nies throughout the country, and in
order to ascertain Just how far-reach
ing his proposals are and what their
ultimate result if put into practical
operation might be, your correspond
ent called on him at his London office.
"1 believe," said Fels, "that my pro
posals would ultimately solve the prob
lem of the unemployed in this coun
try. My main object in interesting my
self in this matter is to call attention
to the real problem which lies at the
base of the whole matter-»-that of the
land. In the first place, I don't be
lieve In private ownership of land at
all, but of course that has nothing to
do with the present case.
"However, let us put the matter In an
other light first. lam now aiding differ
ent boards of guardians and other
public bodies to form farm colo
nies cf the unemployed. This will ul
timately result in giving to each family
what I call a small farm-garden of, say,
about five acres. Of course, only such
men will be allowed to work this land as
have proved themselves good agricultur
ists on the farm colonies, first. These
men will begin what we call the intensive
cultivation of the soil— that is, working
under the most up-to-date modern scien
tific methods."
"But how about skilled farrhers who are
already willing to work the land, but
cannot get to it?" was interposed. ; .
"There are thousands of men such as
you describe all over England to-day,"
was the reply. "They have been literally
divorced from the soil— driven from it—
because the great landlords wished to
hold large tracts of this land for their
own private purposes; and who, at pres
ent, do not use the soil for agriculture in
Ms true use."
"But how can you make these rich peo
ple divide up their land?" was asked.
"Oh, rather easily," was Mr. Fels*
quick response. "When individual farm
gardeners in various places in Great
Britain prove how successful they are
there will be created all over the country
an acute land hunger for small holdings
among the poor. This will bring about a
big agitation and the people will Insist on
a Beparation of taxation— that is on land
and house property— and the general tax
ation of land values. This will place all
-taxes for public purposes on the land
where it belongs— and these taxes will no
longer be permitted to cripple industry
by taxing our buildings and our labor.
"If taxation of land values was brought
into force," continued Mr. Fels, "all the
large estates would be split up automat
ically, and such tremendous impetus
would be given to building and industrial
projects generally that no one would be
out of employment who could do any
work.
"The breaking up of these great
landed estates would result in im
mense benefit to England. \u25a0 I actually
know of thousands of cases where
skilled farm cultivators cannot get
work simply because the big landlords
won't let them have the land. The
proper taxation of land values will
make these great land owners let go,
and then the people can get the land
at reasonable figures."
"But poor persons like the unem
ployed could not afford to buy land."
"Quite true," responded Mr. Fels,
"nor would I actually give It to them.
I would make them pay for It at the
lowest nominal rate consistent with
a low Interest on the investment of |
whatever public body or private person
bought the land and placed it at the
disposal of these people."
LIFE ON MARS
EVER PLEASANT
Astronomer Flaminarion Be
lieves Sister Planet Has
Advantages Over Earth
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1905. by the New York
Herald l'ublishlr.g: Company.
PARIS, Dec 30.— M. Camllle Flam
marion, the famous author and astrono
mer, In an interview in one of the Paris
papers, draws an extremely attractive
picture of the life on Mars. After
pointing out that no one can predict
what weather Paris will have next
week, while It is known with the ut
most certainty what kind of weather
any country in Mars will have a fort
night in advance. M. Flammarion goes
on to say:
"There are many advantages in favor
of the Martians. First of all, it would
be difficult for the human species there
to be less intelligent than ours, seeing
that we do not know how to control
ourselves. BESS
"The second reason Is that progress
is an absolute law. which nothing can
resist. The inhabitants of Mars, be
ing older than we are, may represent
what we shall be in several million
years.
"A third circumstance in their favor
is that they are in a better position
than we are to free themselves more
quickly from the heaviness of matter,
as the Martians weigh less. There tho
years are twice as long as ours on
earth.
"Finally, the climatic conditions on
Mars appear to be much more agree
able."
M. Flammarion declares that the
hypothesis that Mars is Inhabited by
an intellectual race much superior to
our own is growing stronger every
year. In proportion as astronomical ob
servations become more and more pre
cise.
A woman thinks there is something the
matter with a man who refuses to argue
with her. '^HnBH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905.
MANX TRIEVES
ELUDE POLICE
Break Into the Government
House and Empty It of
Nearly All the Furniture
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR OF ISLE
OF MAN, WHOSE HOUSE WAS
RECENTLY ROBBED.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— 1f Hall Calne were
addicted to comedy he might find mate
rial for a funny situation in something
*that has Just happened in his beloved Isle
of Man. Burglars have emptied Govern
ment House of nearly every stick of Its
furniture, and in consequence the Lieu
tenant Governor, Lord Raglan, has to
stay in lodgings until the place can be
fixed up for him again. The spoils taken
away by the thieves amounted to several
van loads, and it says little for the vig
ilance of the Manx police that such a big
haul could have betn made undetected.
The Manx Legislature only a little while
ago completed the building of a new Gov
ernment House, for which Lord Raglan,
according to the agreement, was to pro
vide the furniture. He did it In style, but
apparently as fast as it was taken In at
one door the enterprising burglars re
moved it by another. When his lordship
arrived to take possession, intending to
give a big house-warming party, for
which scores of invitations had been Is
sued, he found its halls practically bare.
What he said on making the discovery is
not recorded, but as he has been in the
army and is as familiar as Kipling with
barrack-room expletives it may be taken
for granted that he did ample Justice to
the situation.
The Governorship of the Isle of Man 1 is
one of the snuggest sinecures within the
gift of the crown. In additional to an of
ficial residence rent free the lucky In
cumbent gets a salary of $9400 a year. Its
bestowal on Lord Raglan exemplifies the
Scriptural saying, "To him that hath
shaH be given." Because his father com
manded the British army in the Crimean
war he receives a pension of $10,000 a
year. There have been few wars that
have been bungled through in worse
faehion than the Crimean, • but that did
not moderate the gratitude of the nation
toward the field marshal who succeeded
in getting it finished. Besides the pen
sion, the nation presented him with a
fine residence. The pension runs' for only
two lives, but it has already cost the
treasury $500,000, and as Lord Raglan is
only 48 years old it' is likely to cost a good
deal more before death terminates it.
Because he was the son of . a distin
guished father Queen Victoria appointed
Lord Raglan a page of honor when he
was but a boy. In those days a royal
page had the privilege of passjng through
Sandhurst, the great military academy of
England, practically without having to
undergo any examination, and thereupon
obtain a commission in the aristocratic
Grenadier Guards.. It Is to Lord Raglan's
credit that he turned out a fine soldier
in spite of the way the path was smoothed
over for him..
As orderly officer to Sir Robert Phayre
In the second Afghan war he narrowly es
caped the coveted Victorian Cross for ral
lying a wavering body of "men demor
alized by seeing their leader killed. Lord
Raglan led them up the height, routed
the Afghans and then calmly reported'
himself to the general:
He was for two years Under Secretary
for War at the War Office, and they were
not wholly happy ones for him, for he
found that much-anathematized depart
ment in a state of chaos.' The permanent
staff, the "barnacles of ; Pall Mall," did
not take kindly to the criticisms of the
Under Secretary, and he was glad to re
linquish the rather ungrateful office for
such a soft snap as the Governorship of
the Isle of Man. He is a fine figure of a
man, standing well over ' six feet, and
with an eye as keen as a hawk's.
l.nmt Honors for Pref ontaine.
PARIS, Dec. 80.— Impressive funeral
services occurred to-day at, the Church
Of thY Madeleine here over the body of
Raimond Pref ontaine, - tho Canadian
Minister. of Marine and. Fisheries, who
died in Paris December 25. ; The Gov
ernment rendered military L honors.
President Loubet was represented and
all the Cabinet. Ministers attended.
Marine Minister Thomson pronounced a
discourse on the ties uniting^ France
and. Canada and Randolph Lemieux, the
Canadian Solicitor General, replied In
behalf of Canada. The ' body will be
transported to- Canada by the British
battleship Dominion. . .
One Minute Toothache Drops Cure
Instantly/ lßc. Family size, 25c. •
PICKERING, Ont.i j Dec. 30.— Pickering Col
lege was destroyed by fires to-day. The college
was a Quaker Institution. \u25a0 The building and
contents were valued at ?75,000.
STOCK MARKET
IS UNSETTLED
Last Business Day of the
Year Proves to Be an Act
ive One on the Exchange
Sox¥E RAPID DECLINES
Great Confidence Expressed
That Money Stringency
Will Be Soon Relieved
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — The last day
of the year proved a very active one
on the Stock Exchange, but the tone of
the market was considerably unsettled.
There was a disposition to realize the
profits shown on the wide advances
of the last few days and to escape the
risks of the remaining uncertainties
over th«j, money market. The absorp
tive poifrer of the market, however,
proved good, and the realizing was
effected \u25a0 without material damage to
prices. There were some -. decidedly
feverish movements in the closing deal
ing's; when ljasty throwing over of
holdings cruised a number of rapid de
clines, followed, in some cases, by
rapid recoveries. The range in Amal
gamated Copper and Anaconda was
especially wide and rapid.
The Immediate outlook in the money
market seems .much obscured. The
greatest reliance is placed for t'arly
relief from stringency on the disburse
ment of the dividend and interest due,
for the -payment, of which great funds
have been accumulated. The severity
of this week's stringency la 'attributed
principally to this preparation. It is
believed also that the accumulation of
resources by the trust companies for
the purpose of "window dressing" for
the January 1 statement of their con
dition, which is required of those in
stitutions, has played an important part
in the contraction of the week's money
supply, and prompt relief is hoped for
from the release of funds accumulated
for this purpose. On the other hand,
there is some apprehension that very
heavy obligations contracted in the
course of the speculation may fall due
next week, especially in the foreign
exchange market, and will require to
be met or renewed.
HKAVY I,KM)IXG BY BANKS.
There was much discussion of the
probable effect on sentiment of the De
cember charges for interest which will
go out to the customers of Stock Ex
changft commission houses next week
and which, it is believed, will disclose
a high average of carrying charges.
Little attention was paid to the bank
statement, which conformed pretty
closely to the expectations in the cash
change. The heaviest lending by the
banks is supposed to have been dono
toward the end of the' week, and thus
would have a diminished effect in the
average changes for the week as a
whole.
Total sales of., bonds, par value,
$1,970,000.
Speculation has maintained a buoyant
confidence this week in face of the se
verest stringency of the money market
and of one or two episodes that would
have been seized upon to upset confidence
in ordinary times. The eagerness of the
speculation after chafing impatiently un
der the constraint of the high money
rates and some degree of forced liquida
tion broke through all repressive Influ
ences, and there was a rush to buy stocks
at rapidly, rising prices. The demonstra
tion was unprecedented in the experience
of the oldest operators, and was viewed
with unaffected amazement and some de
gree of irrepressible anxiety. The rates
paid for money on call at the Stock Ex
change reached 110 per cent, and 125 per
cent was paid privately.
RISE IN THE 'MONEY BATE.
In times past such a rise in the money
rate has precipitated heavy liquidation of
stocks, and even in the full tide of a ris
ing market "has turned prices abruptly
downward and thrown the market Into
panicky conditions. The ' most notable
precedent was that of December 18, 1899,
when animated speculation for the rl3e
was Interrupted by the outbreak of the
Boer war and heavy demands upon New
York for gold by London. The exhaus
tion of bank reserves here, which resulted
in the necessity for calling In loans, ran
the rate for money on call up to 186 per
cent and forced a spasm of liquidation of
stocks to recuperate the banking position.
This week's rate for money was, the high
est touched at the Stock Exchange since
that time.
In September of 1902" the strain on the
overextended speculative position did not
carry the rate higher than 35 per cent. In
the panic of May, 1901, precipitated by
the Northern Pacific corner, the highest
rate quoted was 75 per cent ' On all of
these occasions the running^ up of the
money rate was the signal for Indiscrim
inate unloading of etocks^the rate of in
terest being regarded as* prohibitive of
holding of Btocks on margin.
In strong contrast with these precedents
the speculative position has been firmly
maintained this week, and rates for
money formerly regarded as prohibitive
have been paid by speculative holders.
Various motives may be distinguished to
make up the - obstinate confidence '. with
which the speculative position has been
maintained. Underlying them all is the
conviction that he conditions of prosper
ity in' the country at large, already be
yond all precedent, are destined to a fur
ther indefinite expansion. It is asserted
that an enormous potential but waiting
demand for securities exists in the coun
try, which will be ; incited by the grow
ing evidence of this prosperity, and which
will develop in the stock market when
the seasonable requirements of the money
market are satisfied and when funds be
gin to flow back into the channels of the
bank reserves. .^;;'^v
AWAIT FORCED SELLING.
It is the conviction of the followers. of
speculation that the great capitalists , of
tho country have organized their forces
and \u25a0 provided ' themselves with * means In
dependent of the exigencies of the call
money market, to take advantage of any
forced selling on the part of less fortunate
holders to: accumulate "securities. :
The expected coming demand for stocks
is relied upon to absorb present holdings
arid to; advance prices to an^extent that
will pay for the fraction of ; one per cent
per - day, which present, interest 'rates
amount to In addition to the prices now
paid for stocks, i The position Implies re
liance on a prompt '< relaxation ; in the \u25a0 ex
treme tension of money after -'the year
end requirements are metr which will put
a short [limit en the\ present exhausting
rates paid for Interest. 'J : Rumor and \u25a0 un
verfied:;'assertion of measures \ for /relief
for, the money market have played a part
in keeping ..up the speculative excitement
and 'in encouraging i disregard of ; present
money difficulties. /.£: • ?;.'
Incessant reports have been circu
lated of the intention "of the/ Secre
tary sof ; the iTreasury to f deposit "; large
amounts of the Government surplus lin
national \u25a0 banks. ':. Rumors Iwere current
of the formation! of;' a money 'pool
among the ; great New York': banks •to
provide \u25a0 a fund' for lending ; in . the : stock
tggggll^. Ljft:,; . I SliVuillUij Odlu g^^^^^^ 7g mf
ppttSi^f ifl 'I In order to reduce our stock .& if jf J | S ikJ %
W!M§&mi) • "for inventory, we will this If /jM!l\'% ' H II ft I ' f
m-WmWmi< week offer special induce- jfjl //« \m IM PptliP EIB
iJ|h»« f : ; i yo«r household goods at our / j 1/I*fl PBS)
Z ¥ { W®m' W immtnsz store * Tk artkks i!,ttJL-J^ . v| £
m Kfes*£*%^Lu T'HrH some pieces, made of the best mate- |? Lf i
ML I^B/S^ uJ rials and wiU last a Hfetime. They dBSBIS?iPSj
\u25a0?5 H «<<s^^n^^^^ are just what a person of moderate f
T I h £-/^?^fr*S^iir2d] means wishes to put mto nis nome. « c *^ 2r
Wi J Mlfl w^'W'M have other goods that are more expensive, /^^^^^r^ -Ml m *
SSL SL £&&$ while others are not so high priced, our aim M^^^^^T//M'k ; ' JH
«D =n== =3|f( being to please everybody and accommodate (S^^a^" ~2
f c===fali====iiyil!> each one's pocket-bcok. We have a ccm- ftf^t^^^^S^liti' JL
§^^^^fN?IfM petent force of salesmen who will take plea- fif TH
'\u25a0 'OTISS 5 'M- PI ' sure in showing you our stock, and you will Iff rjM\\ \u25a0mV\il) $2
i || I: HH 11 , pi ' find thaV it will pay you to buy from us |f #Wj» fii
£ Ip.jSOT M; ft ; oT/^rwth every $5.00 purchase we 1 Mi £
m *Y^<m*^^ SPBGIBI wiU give, free, a beautiful near wQ^u^J/M SJ
M .',- B^gp w^ m "TO& cat glass Eerry Set (like cut), consisting zJv^^S^ (&S flgL
V^ \fl [f JttfFfii^i i °f * k r & e an{ * sma H nappies. tt ' t wr n *&& fS =*
I \u25a0"* "\u25a0 ISP Talking Machines nU^r liEp^^il i
M\ Wn \u25a0»! purchase amounting to $150.00. These /f^^ff /s^=SsX\ W\
S '|§839 L machines seH for $20.00 .upward, and are |f If /jmT^m)
ffi iloHOft the celebrated "Victor" and "Talkophone" tt| » IV V% Ajyf f
jj p; \ gip^SSg \u25a0 THE tiDEST AMD MOST RELIABLE FURNITURE HOUSE IMTHE C/TY
iIJN b __ J- Gl7-1021 MIS SI Olsf ST. ABOVE SIXTH W W||
market,~as was done in the period of
stringency of 1902. A tacit agree
ment was allowed among banks and
great money lenders to restrict the
rate demanded on standing call loans
until the passing of the crisis. These
factors combined to protect the stock
market from damaging consequences
from the stringent money market.
CAUSE OF THE STRIXOEXCY.
The cause of the stringency is sum
marized as great activity in trade and
expansion in enterprise in all lines,
delayed outgo of cotton and grain
shipments by railroad freight conges
tlon-" which limits the supply of for
eign exchange, the pressure on for
eign money markets' because of the
Russian situation, which discourages
the drawing of exchange in anticipa
tion of merchandise exports and the
unbridled demands oi' the stock specu
lation coming on . top of an already
over-extended credit position. The
soundness of the foreign business sit
uation is without question and the
Chicago bank troubles last week and
those at Memphis this week have not
Impaired the feeling of confidence.
But the clearly defined opinion exists
that the speculative extensions at this
time in face of the strained money sit
uation exceed in boldness and daring
anything in the modern ' history of
speculation.
Bealings In bonds have been mod
erate and the market has not been free
from depression.
United States 2s advanced % and
the 3s and old 4s VI per cent on
call on the week.
DECISION OF COURT
MAKES BONDS A'ALID
Supreme Justices Declare San Dleeo
HlS»» School Issue Is
RAN DIEGO. Dec. 30. — The basis of
the objection to the $135,000 San Diego
High School bonds was not a defect in
the issue, but the pendency of a suit
in the Supreme Court of this State
which raised the aifestion of the pow
er of the High School Board to is
sue such bonds. Advices from tho
New York attorneys to whom the pur
chasers submitted the bonds merely
advise awaiting a decision by the Su
preme Court. Since this advice was
written, however, the Supreme Court
has reached a conclusion in tho case,
which arose in Los Angeles, affirming
the power of the High School Board
to issue bonds of a like character. It
Is expected no further hitch will oc
cur in the matter of disposal of the
bonds. :^'\'.Y.
STEAMER. CELTIC DAMAGED
IN A TERRIFIC HURRICAXE
Enormous Sen Breaks ; Over Starboard
Quarter and Rips Out Section .
' of Bulwark*.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— The White
Star steamer Celtic, which arrived to
day from Liverpool, encountered a ter
rific hurricane on Christmas day.
Enormous seas retarded the' steamer's
progress, the day's run from noon on
the 25th to noon on the 26th being only
188 Knots. An enormous sea broke
over the starboard, quarter and ripped
out a section of the heavily plated
waist bulwarks. The uprights were
snapped off and several other sections
were dented In. The "portion swept
away , was held by. rivets one and a
half inches thick, but these to the
number of fiff.y ware drawn apart.
The. sea swept through" the engineer's
gangway, flooding -various compart
ments, and smashed In windows, doors
and deadlights.
OFFICERS OF MASONIC LODGE
OF SANTA CRUZ INSTALLED
Handsome Jewel Is Presented to Past
Master Herbert
•, \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0. * .- \u25a0 •;/'\u25a0,. s*hi. •
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 30.— Past Master
Lucas installed the following officers
of ;; Santa Cruz Lodge No. 38. F. and
Ar M., at Masonic Hall; Thursday
night: -\u25a0;\u25a0 •',
; ; Master, George, Henry. Rostron; sen
ior warden. William Caleb Izant: jun
ior warden, Ralph John Mattison;
treasurer, Henry ; Wllley; 'secretary.
Edward: Swift. West: senior deacon,
Philip' Sheridan Curtis; junior deacon!
Percy Arthur Izant: marshal, .. Law
rence Lorenzen; stewards,' Richard
W. . Drum and Charles R. Meadows;
tyler, George Washington Wells.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:. Past ; Master Hertfert Still was pre
sented I with a past Jewel.
CLEABIXGS OF BANKS
SHOW NEW EECOKD
Heavy Volume of Business in
New York During* the
Past Year.
NEW YORK. Dec. SO. — The business
of the last year in the New York Clear
ing-house established a new record for
bank clearings. The clearings were
$03,522,060,201, the balances $3,963,
546.049.
The total dealings on the New York
Stock Exchange, with to-day's dealings
not included, were 211.859.560 listed
shares of stocks and 48,360,457 shares
of unlisted stocks; Government bonds,
$1,633,650,000; Stutc and railroad bonds,
$533.502,700; unlisted bonds. $ISO.-
T95,200.
The year's business at the New York
Custom-house for 1904. compared with
1905, was as follows: Gold and silver
coin and bullion imported in 1904, $14,
623,800; In 1005. $23,176,623. Exported
in 1901. $141,443,556; in 1905, $693.
565,112.
Merchandise imported in 1904, $630,
561,151; in 1905, $709,129,340. Exported.
'thirty-second semi-annual statement
— OF THE—.
OF SAN FRANCISCO
No. 710 Market Street
Capital stock subscribed $1,000,000
Of which has been paid in gold coin 1 300,000
Surplus 320,000
Statement of the condition and value of the Assets and Liabilities of the
Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco, a corporation doing business at 710
Market street, city of San Francisco. State of California, and where said
assets were situated on Pecember 30th, 1905:
* , ASSETS.
Bank Premises .» 893.000 OO
Ilenl Estate taken for debt 4U.T 17 77
United States Bunds; rrslstered 3 per cent of 1030 518.A68 88
Miscellaneous Bonds XO 17.<Xil Si
Said bonds are kept in the vaults of this Corporation at 710
Market street, San Francisco, and are as follows:
Omnibus Cable Railway Co., $ per cent; Los Angeles Lighting
Co.. i> per cent; Redwood City Municipal Improvement. 4^ per
cent: Oakland Transit Co.. 6 per cent; California Northwestern
Railway Co.. 5 per cent; Powell-street Railway Co.. 6 per cent;
Oakland :Translt Co., 5 percent; Oakland Gas, Light and Heating
Co., 5 per cent; Spring Valley Water Works, 6 per cent; Los
Angeles Railway Co., 5 per cent; San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway Co., 5 per cent; City and County- of San Fran-
cisco, Golden Gate Park and Presidio Extension. 3^ per cent;
Spring Valley Water Works, second mortgage. 4 per cent; Pa-
cific Electric Railway Co., 5 per cent; Northern Railway Co. of
California, 5 per cent; Southern Pacific Railroad of California
(190$), G per cent; Northern Railway of California. 6 per cent;
South Pacific Coast Railway Co.. 4 pet cent, principal and Inter-
est guaranteed by Southern Pacific Co.; Oakland Traction Con-
solidated, 6 per cent; Mill Valley and Mt- Tamalpals Scenic \u25a0
Railway Co., 5 per cent; Market-street Cable Railway Co.. 6 per
cent; Los Angeles Traction Co., 6 per cent; Contra Costa Wa-
ter Co., 5 per cent. • \u25a0 •
Promissory Xotes secured by first mortcasre on real estate:
» In the City and County of San Francisco ....$3^86,688 5S
In the State of California and outside San Fran-
ci3CO •• • •• • - • 152,270 OO 5,435,077 si»
Promissory Notes secured by bonds and shares of stock of cor-
porations 347.975 OO
Furnltnre and Fixtures . : . ' - ...... • 2.000 OO
Taxes pnld in advance. 2.707 OO
Cash In srold. silver and currency i
?» «»»" ••• 1132^33 2»
in oanxs 4 ... ; 4^4,135 10 606^68 3»
* -»HSCt-H ••••••••••••••••••••••••\u25a0••••»*a BaßB aB« XX 9KIO fWWI JLIT ° 1
LIABILITIES.
To depositors thin corporation owes deposit* nmonntioc to and
the actual value of which Is ....; ajo 40
To stockholders the amount of capital paid In. the actual value ~*
of which is 300.000 00
(The condition of said liability to Stockholders Is that "no ' E!WHMf w
part of the amount can be paid to them or in any way withdrawn
except in payment of losses during the existence of the Corpora-
tion; nor until the depositors shall have been paid In full the
amount of their deposits and declared dividends.)
Contingent Fund. - exclusive of accrued but uneollected Interest
\u25a0on Investments 66,845 'Vs
Total Liabilities 9104)00.447 24
. MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier, B^ JAMES D. PHELAN. President
State of California, City and County of San Francisco ss
ffSSSSSr^ thing therein 0*0^??^ SfU.'EK
OEOROE A. STORY, Cashier. JAMES D ' THEl^f. President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of December. 1905.
NOta iforn > iUa?IICi U a? 11C £ ™?^ *** City and County of San Fra2c&*o?sSt?S?*QU-
domestic, in 1904. $491,415,423; in 130%
$387,579,788. Exported, foreign. In 1901,
*13.334.750; In 1905. $13,319,109.
Dutips collected on merchandise In
1904. $170,270,776; In 1905. $167,502,930.
Merchandise shipped to Porto Rico
In 1304, $3,351,192; in 1905. $12,811,574.
Merchandise shipped to Hawaii In
1901. J163.313; in 1905. $265,540.
The Bales of coffee on the New York
Exchange amounted to 21.742,250
bags, against 25,487,500 bags last
year.
A »w Year's Outlnx at Low Coat.
Hound-trip tickets to . Pmo Rqfilei Hot
Springs $7 20. Sold December 3a arid 31. Jan
uary 1. Return limit January 2: 9«e new
bathhouse. Finest In America. Cost $10O,C0O.
Particulars of Southern PaciSc agent. • \u25a0
"Actor Smith Dies of Wound.
DANVILLE, 111., Dec. 30. — Charles H.
Smith of the "Two Johns" company,
who was shot on Wednesday by C. F.
Cooper, a New York theatrical man
ager, in the former's room at the Sara
toga Hotel because of hi 3 attentions to
Cooper's wife, also a member of the
"Two Johns" company, died at the hos
pital yesterday. After the Inquest Cor
oner Speakman held Cooper without
bond.NEW YEAR GAYLY HAILED
AT ENTRE NOUS DANCE
Elaborate Display
of Handsome
Costumes.
Decorations Much
Admired by the
Onlookers.
The Ei:tre Nous Cotillon Club celebrated j
the departure of the old year and the ad
vent of the new nt the Palace Hotel last
nig;ht by one of the most elaborate cotil
lons given in the beaotifol white and gold
ballroom this season. The New Year ball
»jiihis organization has become a matter |
o^i >cial tradition, and the club's reputa- j
v.3>n for hospitality and festivity on this
annual occasion was well sustained. The •
ballroom and adjacent reception-rooms i
were decorated with flowers, ho.'ly and
palms, the beautiful gowns and pretty
maids adding: materially to the scenic ef
fect. r-'.^r -'.^ •-'\u25a0
Th"* cotillon,, with its accompaniment of
dainty favors, v.as led by Sanford G. I^e
•wald. who introduced five new and pictur
e^ue fipres.
At midnight an elaborate supper was
s< rv«?d :a the maple room, and during its
progress the gruesis were entertained by
an Interesting series cf toasts, songs and !
r< citations. Dancing brought the evening I
10 a pleasant termination.
The following 1 members were present:
JMisses Elsa Swett, Therese Mautner,
Grace E. Conner, Aimee Barry, Irene G.
Carroll, Ccrlina Cohn, Anna Cowper- '
thwalte. Beta Werson, Eroily Edgar,
Marie Frey, Juliette Grass, Belle Herzer,
Gertrude L.. Herts'g. Ruby A. Moore,
Edith Ll Moore, . Marguerite O'Donnell,
Pauline E. Ryder, Alexina H. Wells, Mar
tha Tara, Edna Perkins. Virginia Ryder,
Vera Allen, Georgia R. Tozer, Edna M.
Thorr.sen, Marian Smith, o Rose Cuneo,
Jiarie Johnson, Georgia Briggs, Rose
\u25a0Watson, Hazel Lang, Carolyn Klein, Jes
sica J. Ijane, Julia Marisch, Gertrude
Eaker. E<2;th Sherwood, dladys' Sher
wood. Lucy S. Laveaga, Ollv? F..Hutz;g,
LAura Meyer. Emma R. Bperry. Irene
Dowling, Edith C. Swett, Alma J. Lub
t*»n, Theresa Vorsard, Lillian Young,
.\ileen Allen. Hazel Knapp. R. M. Wheel
fr Blanche Taber, Elizabeth Marshall,
Murp"hy, Ruby Loveland. Violet
tL Paterson, Orenia B. Wilson, Irma J.
I'erman, Phoebe G. Raisch, Ruby Raisph,
Dora Steiling, Viola Manner, Elsie V.
Ing. Elsa Maueh, Agnes V. Murphy. Elsie
Gellfnss. Agatha Cotter, Florence E. Cof
fee. -Edna* Willcox. Rose Cuneo, Ethel
Cox and Alice Burchard; Mr. and Mrs.
Leslie Tubbs, Dr. and Mrs. Charles Clark,
Mrs. P. A. Steams, Alice E. Crowell,
William F. Hooke. Harry Gasberg, Reu
ben C. Haas, Arthur C. Haskins, Charles
1. Chubbuek, Paul Mattner, C. W. Rose,
Robert A. Crowley, A. J. Becker, Eugene
H. Edwards, Dr. L. H. Grunig, James D.
Millar. Dr. C. «T. Hansen, Thomas Wat
son. Dr. Charles J. Nicolai, Edward J.
Lynch. Jeha Ti Nouree. James C. Hay
burn, Dr. Edmond D. Keeffe, George G.
Fraser. Dr. Joseph F. Meagher, Philip G.
Edgar, Ralph G. Cople, John L. Reed,
David B. Torres. Dr. William A. Ellis,
Roy S. White. Perl A. Young, Pierre Van
W!nk>, William H. Augustine. Mark
Lenno'n. James F. Johnson. W. M. Mc-
Kear.. Jules Getz, Louis N. Baudoin, Her
bert A. Mauch, Acton Haven, Louis E.
Bruce. G. B. Stevens, Edward Shapter,
Alfred E. Lorber, Vioceot A. O'Neil,
James A. Kellar. Curtiss X. Gilley, G.
liazleton Wilson, Walter Drascovich. Ar
thur Thode, Dr. Gordon F. Cane. C. R.
Parmcntcr, J. M. Scanlan. David Selby,
Edward W. Gordon. Walter R. Jones,
Ernest J. Breiling, Ernest H. Coffee,
Frank C. Schwarz, Fabian S. Joost, Oscar
Haupt, Robert S. Schord, Chase WllJJams,
William D. Ward, Dr. L. A. Gautier. Earl
W. lies, Harold W. Force, Dr. Philip A.
Bill. E. C. Smith, Fred XV. Burgers, Ed
vrard B. Baron and Dr. and Mrs. A.
Woocley Baker.
next assembly and german of the
»^tre Nous CJub'will take place" on Fri
day evening, February 16, in the ballroom
of the Palace Jlotel.
Arm j- and Aavj tcion Entertains.
Last evening there was a goodly at
tendance in lurn Hall on Turk street
to enjoy th». dramatic entertainment
and ball given by California Garrison
No. 301 of the Army and Navy Union
of the United States in aid of the vet
erans" fund for the eick. The pro
gramme included a farce, entitled '"The
Singing Bird," in which the several
roles were assumed by Miss Bern
ha.rc.ine yon Hoflstetter, Alexander Va
rena, Henry Maret and Miss Varena.
The other numbers on the programme,
specialties in the line of singing, danc
lngr end recitations, were by Miss Lillie
Levoy, Ferris Hartman. Misses Ordway
end Conway, Charles Bates and Harry
Steckhouse. The affair was managed
by J. P. Jenseji. W. J. Kiefer. A. C. Ep
r>ler, H. H. Jebe and J. C Jacobs, as
sisted by active committees and T. Mln
rsich as floor director.
Australian* Hold Election.
The Australasian Coo-ec Club, an
organization composed of many of the
Australians living in this city and
Oakland, met on Friday evening and
elected the following officers for tbe
coming year: W. Turner, president; G.
Mlrch, vice president: H. Twitchett.
second vice president; M- Emery of
Oakland, organizer; D. R. Seld. secre
tary ; Miss Cohn, Mrs. Cunningham, Mr.
TtafTcrty and Mr. Coxon, members of
the executive eornmittee.
Vvintn In Bathroom.
FJtz O'Shaugnessy vras found in a
faint in a bathroom of a lodging-house
at 7T4 Geary street last night He was
removed to the Central Emergency
Hospital and later taken away by
friends.
Dr. Humphreys' Seyenty-
Seren breaks up Colds and
The symptoms of Grip and a"
bad Cold are so neariy alike
that even an expert may be de-
ceived—mark you — Influenza,
Catarrh, Pains and Soreness of
the Head, Chest, Back or Limbs,
Cpugh, Sore Throat, General
;HfrSstration and Fever- If you
nave any one or all of these
sensations the use of "Seventy-
seven " will cure you and keep
you well.w
At Druggtets" , 23 cents, or mailed.
Humphrey*' Homeo. Meeicine Co Cor. Wil-
ii&m and John Streets, New York.
RARE PAINTINGS
GO TO MUSEUM
Property Left by Capitalist
Yerkes to New York City
Said to Be Worth .ss,ooo,o oo
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — When Charles
T. Yeckes, the capitalist, who died yes
terday, made his will several years ago
he announced that he had left his col
lection of pictures and objects of art
•and his two houses at Fifth, avenue
and Sixty-eighth street in this city to
the Metropolitan Museum of Art. This
property is worth about $5,000,000. It
was said yesterday among his friends
that this provision of his will remained
unaltered.
Among Yerkes* most treasured pos
sessions is a collection of Oriental rugs
that is said to be the finest and most
costly in the world, even exceeding in
value and beauty the collection of the
Shah of "Persia or that in the British
Museum. These rugs are twenty-three
In number and are hung upon the walls
of a gallery that Yerkes had built espe
cially for them. Several years ago he
had the designs copied in their original
colors and reduced to book form. The
paintings are comprised in a set of ten
volumes, one- of which was to remain
in the Yerkes collection and the nine
others to be presented to the most fam
ous museums of the world. Each rug
was copied separately and each paint
ing is about two feet long.
Among the rugs is the "Holy Car
pet," for which Yerkes paid $60,000.
Some of the others are represented as
almost priceless treasures. In 1897
Yerkes purchased and rebuilt the large
mansion at Fifth avenue and Sixty
eighth street. In this he put his col
lection of paintings, said at that time
to be the most valuable private collec
tion in this country. He also bought
the house adjoining his in East Sixty
eighth street and made the two into
one. The architect described the first
and main house as costing $600,000, its
furnishings $500,000 more, which, with
the cost of the lot, made the total near
ly J1.D00.000. Yerkes* painting* at that
time were valued at $1,500,000 and have
been greatly added to since.
CARXEGIE TO srEXD WINTER
WRITING HIS BIOGRAPHY
Former Partner* to Assist In Compiling;
Story of Ironmaster's
Career. i
PITTSBURG. Dec. SO. — Andrew Car
negie will spend the winter at Dun
genne^s. Cumberland County, Georgia,
the home of his sister-in-law, Mru.
Lucy. Carnegie. Under {southern Bkies
be will write his autobiography.
Carnegie recently confided his inten
tions to those who dined with him at
the annual banquet given his former
partners in New York. They were in
vited to spend part of the winter with
him and suggest Interesting points for
the work as it progresses.
The autobiography will give Car
neffio's reasons for building and en
dowing libraries. It will be a defense
of his motives.
ARMY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. — Army or
ders: Captain Robert W. Rose, Twenty
first Infantry, is relieved from duty in
the Department of California and will
join his regiment in the Philippines.
The leave of absence granted Second
Lieutenant Frank M. Conklin, Philip
pine Scouts, is extended twenty days.
Ordnance Sergeant James T. Blalock,
Fort Scriven, Ga., will be sent to. the
Presidio of San Francisco, thence to
Manila for duty.
First Lieutenant Harold E. Clearman,
Philippine Scouts, has had his leave of
absence extended one month.
»vr Pofttmaater* Are Appointed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. — The follow
ing postmasters have been appointed:
California — Carlotta, ,Humboldt County,
Mark F. Mitchell; Indlanola, Humboldt
County, Lewis Stump; Johnstonville,
Lassen County, Archie Ganyon:,Men
dota, Fresno County,' Lucy Arnandon;
Piute, Kern County, Morgan Wai lace;
Pollasky, Fresno County, Edward W.
Davles.
Alaska — Circle. Ethel C. Votaw.
Washington — Keyport, Alfred Hoor
sen.
Gold Transferred to This City.
NEW YORK,' Dec. 30.— Th0 ., Sub-
Treasury to-day transferred 12,000,000
by telegraph to San Francisco. \u25a0_
THE SAN - FRANCISCO' CALL', , SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905.
TWO POPULAR TOUNG MEMBERS
OF THE ENTRE NOUS COTILLON
CLUB.
COLLEGE MEN
WILL COMPETE
Four Val liable Prizes Arc Of
fered for the Best Essays
on Present-Day Problems
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— College men have
been invited by a committee of leading
economists to prepare competitive essays
on present day problem's, including public
control of railway t rates, taxation of rail
way property, causes of large fortunes
and other subjects. A competition of the
same character held last year resulted in
Important contributions to economic lit
erature, and the new series Is expected
to attract even wider attention.
The committee which has chosen the
subjects and will pass on the essays con
sists of Professor J. Laurence Laughlin,
University of Chicago (chairman); Pro
fessor J. B. Clark, Columbia University;
Professor Henry C. Adams, University of
Michigan; Horace White, Esq., New York
City; and the Hon. Carroll D. Wright,
Clark College. Four prizes amounting to
$2250 will be given to the successful writ
ers.
The subjects announced by" Professor
Laughlin are as follows:
"First— To What Extent- and by What
Administrative Body Should the Public
Attempt to Control Railway Rates in In
terstate Commerce?"
"Second— A Just and Practicable Meth
od of Taxing Railroad Property."
"Third— Will the Present Policy of the
Labor Unions in Dealing With Non-union
Men and the 'Closed Shop' Further the
Interests of the Workingmen?"
"Fourth— Should Ship Subsidies Be Of
fered by the Government of the United
States?"
"Fifth— An Examination Into the Eco
nomic Causes of Large Fortunes In This
Country."
"Sixth— The Influence of Credit on the
Level of Prices."
"Seventh— The Cattle Industry in- Its
Relation to the Ranchman, Feeder, Pack
er, Railway and Consumer."
"Eighth— Should the Government Seek
to Control or Regulate the use of Mines
of Coal, Iron or Other Raw Materials
Whose Supply May Become the Subject
of Monopoly?"
"Ninth— What Provisions Can Bo Made
for Workingmen to Avoid the Economic
Insecurity Said to Accompany the Mod
ern Wage System?"
The essays are to be delivered to Pro
fessor Laughlin before June 1. The com
petitors, will be divided into two classes.'
Class A is exclusively for all persons who
have received the bachelor's degree from
an American college in 1894 or thereafter.
The prizes in this class will be $1000 and
$500. . •
Class B Is for undergraduates. The
prizes will be $500 and $250. , Any member
of this class may compete in class A. The
most valuable of the essays will probably
be issued in some permanent form.
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420.*
Threatened Trouble Is Averted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Advices re
ceived at the State Department; are to
the effect that the threatened trouble
between Colombia and Venezuela has
probably been averted.
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
WILL GELEBRATE
YULETIDE'S END
Christmas Day Programmes
of Music to Bei.Kepeated:
in Many of the Churches
COLOEED FOLK KEJOICE
Services to Be Held in Ob
servance of Anniversary
of Freedom Procl amation
In almost all the churches of the city
there will be some observance to-day of
the-Yuletide season. In many the Christ
mas programmes of music will be re
peated.
High mass at the. Episcopal Church of
St. Mary the Virgin will be celebrated to
day at 11 a. m. by the Rev. Father Rat
cliff c. The music sung on. Christmas day
will be repeated, as follows: "Adeste Fi
deles," Novello arrangement, solo by Miss
Gertrude Abbott: Agutter's mass in G;
offertory, "O Holy Night," arraftged for
solo voice and chorus, Mrs. C. S. Middle
ton soloist, chorus: Sopranos— Mrs. Grace
Merry-Hammond. Miss I. F. Nolte, Miss
F. Klein and Miss Anna Hanke; altos.
Miss H. B. Foulks and Mrs. -Severance-
Scheick; tenors, George W. Reed and W.
J. Clark; bassos, J. F. Lomas and Lester
Merrill; organist and director, E. H.
Hammond.
A Yuletide musical service will ba. held
at the Cathedral Mission, • Second street,
near Folsom, this evening at 7:45 o'clock.
The ladies' auxiliary choir will assist the
regular choir of men and boys. The carols
sung at the hotels will be repeated, as
will other Christmas music. The pro
gramme will be as follows: Organ pre
lude, andante in G (Merkel); processional,
"Adeste Fideles"; "Magnificat" and
"Nunc Dimittis" (Simper);, hymn, "Shout
the Glad Tidings." (Airson); carols, "Listen
Lordlings" and "Sweet Christmas Bells";
address, on the hymn "O Little Town of
Bethlehem," by the rector, Rev. J. P.
Turner; hymn, "O Little Town of Bethle
hem"; carols, "Three Kings," "From Far
Away We Come to You," "Good King
Wenceslas" and "God Rest You, Merry
Gentlemen"; offertory solo, "Noel,',' Miss
Rixon soloist; recessional hymn, "Hark,
the Herald Angels Sing"; organist, Alfred
Chaplin Bailey.
This evening at the Trinity Presbyterian
Church there will be an interesting ac
count of the eafly scenes in the life of
Christ by Rev. Edward K. Strong, illus
trated by stereopticon views.' The Christ
mas, music, which was so highly enjoyed
last Sunday,' will be repeated. The pro
gramme of quartets and solos follows:
"Star of the Orient" (Shelley), "The Birth
of Christ" (Berwald), "O Holy Night of
Christmastide" (Shackley), "The Blessed
Lullaby" (Nevin), "Glory, to God in the
Highest" (Pergolesi), "O Child of Mary's
Gentle Care" (Shelley) and "Under the
Silent Stars" (Coombs).
The first part of Handel's "Messiah"
will be sung at Trinity Church, corner of
Gough and Bush.tstreets, this evening,
commencing at 8 o'clock. The choir num
bers forty voices. The soloists are Miss
Flynn, soprano; Miss Elsie Arden, con
tralto; Charles - Trowbrldge, tenor, and
Oliver Recce, bass. "Louis H. .Eaton. Is!
organist and director. •'."
Tho following musical programme will
be rendered to-day at the Calvary Pres
byterian Church,, Jackson and Flllmore
streets: ..'. »,. \u0084.-\u25a0 -,-, 1 ' .
Morning, 11 o'jolock — Organ ; prelude,
"Benediction Nuptiale" ,(Th. Dubtois); an-,
them, "Fear Not, \u25a0 '. O Israel" (Max
Spicker); response, "Only, O Lord, in Thy
Dear, Love" (W. H. Thorley) ; offertory,
"God, to Whom We Look Blindly" (Chad
wick); organ postlude, "Cornelius March",
(Mendelssohn). sW-
Evening, 7:30 j o'clock— Organ prelude,
"Violin Romance in F" (Beethoven); an
them, "I Am Alpha and Omega" (Stai
ner); response (Thorley); offertory, "God
Is a Spirit" (Bennett); organ postlude,
"March"' (Gounod). Organist and direc
tor. W. Handel Thorley.
The forty-third anniversary of the
emancipation issued by Abraham Lincoln
will be celebrated to-day at the African
Methodist Episcopal Churcn, 805 Stockton
street. The programme is as follows:
Music, "Old Hundred"; Lord's . Prayer
in concert; niusic, "America.; Scripture
lesson, 136 th psalm; prayer, Rev. S.
Saven; music, "Battle Cry of Freedom";
reading of • the Declaration .of Independ
ence, Miss C. Bryant; music, selection;
reading of the emancipation proclamation
by Mrs. Josie Makiell; music, "Columbia,
the Gem pf the Ocean"; address, Rev. W.
S. Matthews, D.D.; of Berkeley, presiding
elder of the San Francisco district of the
Northern California conference of the M.
E. church; music, "John Brown"; essay,
H. B. Hines— subject, "The Ethiopian. and
the Need of a Genuine Ethiopian Spirit";
music, "Hold the Fort"; essay, Robert
Holloway— subject, "The Hope for Our
Boys and Girls"; music, "Star-Spangled
Banner"; addresses by prominent race men
of San Francisco; music, "Blest Be the
Tie- That Binds Our Hearts in , Christian
Love." Special music by a new choir, as
sisted by Professor V. A. Meade's select
ed orchestra! ;: -\u25a0
Fred A. McCarl of New York, ono of
tho international secretaries of the
Young Men's Christian Association, who,
is working on the coast in the Interest of
the naval Y. M. C. A. at Vallejo, will
address a men's meeting this afternoon at
3 o'clock in the Young Men's -Christian
Association auditorium.
At St. Paul's Church, California Btreet,
near Flllmore, the rector, Rev.; W. M.
Reilly, will- preach the morning sermon.
At the 11 o'clock services the. Christmas
mußlc will be repeated. In the evening
there will be special services, followed
by celebration of holy communion..
TWO YEARS' IMPRISONMENT
FOR MACHEN'S CONFEDERATES
Crawford, One of the Postal Con
\u25a0pirutorn, Appeals After He
Is Sentenced.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— W. A. G.
Crawford, convicted of conspiracy with
August W. Machen and George E.
Lorenz to defraud the United States
in connection with a contract. for sup
plying the Postofflce Department with
letter carriers' satchels, \u25a0';\u25a0. was "to-day
sentenced to Imprisonment . for two
years. The court did not impose a fine.
The' defendant was sentenced upon
only the one count of the conspiracy, in
dictment under which he was convicted.
His motion for a new trial was over
ruled. An appeal from the action of
the court; overruling" the:- motion 'for a
new trial was noted and pending the
prospection and disposal ;:of the same
Crawford was: released on bail. -
One of the Bandits Is > Captured.
TOLEDO,' Ohio, Dec. ,30.— Marshal
Thornton, who was shot' at Perrysburg
Thursday in. a battle ..with five bandits,
is still alive. Martin Kirby/ one of the
men arrested, has-been identified as one
of the bandits. It is believed that
remaining > members;- of the quintet
will.be captured soonJ" ,
Teddy JJ"»". Wounds. Hunting: " Doff.
". RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 30.— The Presi
dent, accompanied by, a' number, of gen
tlemen,.' went on a . hunt to-day. > and
bagged considerable game,' -showing
himself ;a; crack sshot. 'His' expertness
in ; wlrtgv. shooting surprised ! 'the
pany.' Theodore Jr. accidentally, wounded
one'-of; the beagles."* "i-.~,r." i-.~, r. - .
OLD CHURCHMEN
ARE PERPLEXED
New House ;of Churchwomen
an Innovation -Without
a Shadow of. Precedent
BIG LIST OF DELEGATES
Experiment Arouses Vast
Interest Throughout En^
tire Anglican Communion
Coincident with the meeting of the.dioc
esan convention of the Episcopal church
In California' in Grace Church during next
month there "will assemble the new house
Of churchwomen, to which has been dele
gated the power to. legislate- upon such
matters as especially concern '• women's
work in the church.
Formerly Women were elected delegates
to the regular conventions, but this pro
cedure was declared to be both without
precedent and. unconstitutional, .and had
to be abolished. : In order. t6. placate the
most active portion of \u25a0 church members
ship, a separate house was organized, in
which the officials were all women, who
were to be permitted, with the advice and
in conjunction, with the regular conven
tion, to legislate' upon such .special mat
ters as women are more directly : inter
ested in. •\u25a0 '
There is no precedent for such. a body,
and the -whole church, -Anglican, as well
as American, is deeply "interested in- the
outcome of the experiment. \u25a0 The sister
hood in the church is greatly Interested,
and the largest delegation. ever present at
a diocesan convention is expected to ap
pear. : Every parish or mission Is entitled
to a representation of five women, exclu
sive of the male delegates usually ap
pointed. ! .
The house of churchwomen will legis
late from the beginning under prescribed
canonical authority." It must first enact
rules of procedure and elect officers and
designate their special prerogatives.
There will be some interesting moments
at the session, it is expected, and some
of the old-fashioned church people in the
diocese, who are disposed to look askance
at the radical departure, are preparing
for the worst. Throughout the diocese
the election of delegates has been the
occasion for • considerable feeling, and
competition for the honor of sitting In
the first house of churchwomen ever
known has been keen. Among the dele-
' gates are names of many matrons known
throughout the State for activity in
church and philanthropic work and In the
social world..
The following are the delegates elected
up to date:
Alameda, Christ Church— Mrs. Rigby,
Mrs. Gilhogly, Dr. M. D. Fletcher, Mrs.
W. N. Guthrie and Mrs. McGurri. «_"£'•
Arroyo Grande, St. Barnabas Church-
Mrs. Thomas Clevinger, Mrs. James Poole,
Mrs. H. E. Cox, Mrs. Ganoung and Miss
Phoebe Poole.
.Berkeley, St. Mark's— Miss Jennie Hill,
Mrs. R.. E. Osborn, Miss May Palache,
Mrs. Edward L. Parsons and Mrs. Oliver
Youngs.
St. Matthew's— Mrs. Isadore Bagpt, Mrs.
McA. Baley, Mrs. E, , J. ] Qxley, , Mrs. Julia
P. Simpson, Mrs. Eliza Spencer.' *"'' '
\u25a0 Centerville. St. James— Mrs. C. H. Al
len, Mrs. XV. XV. Anderson, Mrs. J. A.
Bunting, Mrs. F. T. Hawes, Mrs. J. F.
Smith. ''
Corte Madera, Holy Innocents— Miss A.
P. Croall, D.D.S. ; Mrs. K. S. Foote Jr.,
Mrs. J.B. Rice; Mrs. Wood; Mrs. B. M.
Burtchaell.
Fowler, St. Michael's— Mrs. Parkhurst,
Mrs. Norris, Mrs. Matter, Mrs. Stone,
Miss Norris.
Gilroy, St. . Stephen's— Mrs. Kate 'Cor
nell, Mrs. A. Baldwin, Miss Nettie Ing
ham, Mrs. Franklin, Mrs. F. I*. Jones.
Haywards, Trinity— Mrs. TV. E. Meek,
Mrs. William Angus, Mrs. J. B. Parsons,
Mrs. Grace Walthman, Miss Lorell.
Livermore, Grace— Mrs. F. Malley, Mrs.
H. B. Wagoner, Mrs. E. Smith, Mrs. E.
Foster, Miss Z. Bernal. •
Madera, Trinity— Mrs. Louise Mordecal,
Mrs. Cora C. , Newman, Mrs. Coral
<x ffi^W J IV V». Happiness follows health. The first effect of Electro- Vigor h %
ia^*^^^*" l^^^^S. *° ex hilarate, to increase vitality, and then comes the joy of living, o
iniVKraLifi w^^ft ' No more weak nerves^ no more despondency, no more weak S
i/USa^ \^^^». \ stomach, no more pains and aches. Wear §
'^81^^ JttT \u25a0\. Electro-Vigor one week and feel the in- o
u<ffijft(\ • -^BKZ Jk^s^^^^^: crease in power, the fire of life in your S
/Wjk Ss \^^^S|^^^%rr^-^ Electro- Vigor is a body battery of dry %
cells, worn about the waist. It pours a volume of elec- *^fff *&Zi2F^'~~ J)&*f §
tricity into the body while you sleep. \ J^P^^ vfellPp 9\U^%sSL^^^^^' S
It requires no charging, no preparation of any J^^^^^f^^gfar^Sr §
kind, but gives out its power by the adjustment of a 'jMW^^^SWp^ J^gS*ClA g
* Electro-Vigor is a new invention. It is the only.elec- WmJfifu£^3?T S
trie body appliance that will give a current without xBBmMdJBg&s&MJ •«§
charging in vinegar or acid. §
Electro -Vigor, Dry Cell Body Battery!
Makes Its Own Power. Requires No Charging. No Vinegar or Acid |
You apply it about your waist when you retire. It works while you sleep. The patent regulator 8
makes the current strong or mild. There is no shock or vibration. You feel a warm glow passing through «
every nerve in your body. It exhilarates you, makes you feel light-hearted and you awaken in the morning «
feeling as if you could get out and take a ten-milcrun.- 8
If you have rheumatism, pains or aches in any part of your body, weak stomach, constipation, loss of g
vigor and youthful energy or any trouble which you know comes from a want* of vitality, Electro- Vigor will o
revive you* - • * \u25a0 Cp
Put it on. when you go to bed (no charging or trouble of any kind), turn on the current and you feel
the gentle glow of vital warmth flowing through your body all night. 8
You get up in the morning feeling ten years younger. »
Chas Bonifacio, Soledad, California, writes: "I was always tired and drowsy before I got Electro- Vigor. «
Now what a change! I seem full of strength and energy." . <^
S'S.Knoles, United. States Commissioner, San Diego, writes: "Electro-Vigor has done more for me g
than I dared hope. My kidneys are better, lumbar pains gone, and rheumatism bothers me no more." ?J
Electro-Vigor will be a boon to you. Try it. Call and test it free, or send for my book, finely illus- S
trated giving facts of interest to men and women who want health. I send it sealed, free, if you send this 5
coupon- Office hours; 3 a.m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, iotoi. S. C. HALL, M. D.. 1104 Market St., S. F. g
Electro- Vigor Guarantee , C T HAH Mft H?4 MARKET SI., g
Electro-Vigor is a dry-cell body battery. ..) J.I/, HALL. 111. I/., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL §
'The e cuy^^^ S^: Please send me. prepaid, your free book, |
ft Is?warranted:for one year, on $1000 bond. ; |^l«ctro-V!gor.-'..-_ : ; . 12-31-a
It? will; light up an incandescent lamp. imajm** •••• &
Come: In; -see it and test-it free. -. . , , ADDRESS - w
I Store Closed Monday I
$ ' i
! ..».,;; ===== I
$ ' See Our $
I Tuesday s
i Advertisement \
tf •"'-,\u25a0\u25a0 CALIFORNIA'S taoftrctT- —^"*" *
*ji • . -WSBggg&ui'' 1 ' \u25a0 ? AMERICA'S GFANQEST STCRS >|
Wreath Hargrove, Mrs. Evelyn M. Reid.
Mrs. Edith Cora Cox.
.Martinez, Grace— Mrs. Elizabeth I*
Swain, Mrs. Emily Carothers, Mrs. Caro
line T. Brown, Mrs. Julia Baker, Mrs.
Asileo E. McMahon. .
' Merced, St. Luke's— Mrs. Jennie M.
Saunders, Mrs. Annie Cody, Mrs. Minnie
Dixon, Mrs. Emily J. Edwards, Miss
Florence Dixon.
Monterey, St. James— Mrs. J. S. Mc-
Gowan, Mrs. C. R. Few, Miss Matilda
Bergscheiker, Mrs. C. S. Olmstead, Miss
Jessie Key.
Oakland, St. Andrew's— Mrs. E* B. Cas
tlen, Mrs. E. A. Rodgers. Mrs. R. G.
Graham, Mrs. JV C. Perkins, Mlsa Mary
Wheaton.
St. John's— Mrs. C. K. King, Mrs. Ed
ward Barry, Mrs. Mary Breck, Mrs. Alma
Kroll, Miss Mary Williams.
St. Paul's— Mrs. Brace Hayden, Mrs. R.
M. Shearman, Mrs. West, Miss Hawley,
Mr?. Alanton Benton.
Trinity— Mrs. S. J. Taylor, Miss A.
Miner, Mrs. J. Bakewell, Mrs. J. B. Mc-
Elrath, Mrs. M. E. Chadbourne.
Redwood City. St. Peter's- ; -Mrs. James
Crowe, Mrs. Morris Cooper, Mrs. C. T.
Cook, Mrs. Mary Beeger, Mrs. L. M.
Wilcox.
Richmond, Trinity — Anna Benton
Thome, Annah Harlow, Sarah Great
house, Mary Rldgley Stanley, Jennie
Campbell.
j San Francisco, St. John's— Mrs. Kate
"W. Stoney, Mrs. Gaillard Stoney. Mrs.
Julia W. Cochran, Mrs. L. C. Stanford,
Mrs. M. A. Yale.
St. Luke's— Miss Mary C. Heath, Mrs.
George H. Kellogg, Mrs. Burrell Weeden,
Mrs. Mardon D. Wilson.
St. James— Mrs. Halght, Mrs. Calif,
Mrs. Orpin, Mrs. Muason, Miss MacMul
len.
St Peter's— Mrs. Elizabeth Henry, Mrs.
D. O. Kelley. Mrs. A. C. Kalns, Mrs.
Eliza Perry, Mrs. W. M. Boars. ' -
I San Luis Obisao, St. Stephen's— Mrs.
Kate Goodrich, Mrs. George Throop, Mrs.
A. Perfumo, Miss .Ethel Jack, Mrs.
George Merritt.
San Rafael, St. Paul's— Mrs. J. F.
Boyd, Mrs.' Sydney Cushing, Mrs. H. O.
Howitt, Miss Grace G- Moorhead, Miss
Edith Jones.
Santa Cruz, Calvary— Mrs. E. C. Boston,
Mrs. F. Budgett, Mrs. George Harring
ton, Mrs. U. M. Aydelotte, Miss Lucy V.
Tillottson.
Sausalito, Christ Church— Miss Alice
Avery. Campbell. Mrs. A. Marr Keller,
Mrs. XV. D. Clausen, Mrs. Cora Rey
burn. Miss Caroline Fiedler.
South San Francisco, Grace — Mrs. J. P.
Frost, Miss Nellie Dann, Mrs. XV. J. Mar
tin, Mrs. George R. Sneath, Mrs. Josie
Miner. . /
Stockton, St. John's— Mrs. M. L. Dud
ley. Mrs. J. H. Hough, Mrs. F. E. Dun
lop, Mrs. G. R. Shearman, Mrs. J. D.
Young.
San Mateo, Church of St. Matthew-
Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. E. D. Bey-
lard. Mrs. XV. B. Tubbs. Mrs. John Ool»
man. Mrs. George XV. Dlckla.
Tuolumno, St. Michael's— Miss Juonla
Teague, Mrs. Carl A. Emery, Mr*. M-
C. Ba-tlett, Mrs. E. Arznand, Sfljs E.
M. Dorsey.
REED SMOOT'S CASE
WELL BE EEOPMED
John ft. Carlisle to Appear
as Representative 01
Protestants.
WASHINGTON, Dec 80. — Senator
Burrows, chairman of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, contem
plates calling a meeting; of the com
mittee for next Saturday to consider
matters which have arisen in connec
tion with the investigation of tho pro
test aganst Senator Reed Srnoot of
Utah. Action will be determined by
the presence of a quorum of the com
mittee. If it appears that there are in
the city nearly all the members of the
committee a meeting will be held. If
not the meeting will go over until the
week following. "When the committee
held its last session to consider the
case it was understood that all of the
evidence was In, although further evi
dence was not barred If the committee
desired to hear other witnesses.
The arguments of counsel have been
made, but Senator Burrows has been
Informed by former Secretary of the
Treasury John G. Carlisle, who is one
of the attorneys for the protestants,
that he would like to make an argu
ment In the case. It will be for the
committee to determine whether Car
lisle shall be heard.
New Year's at Paso Robles Hot Sprinc*.
$7 20 for round trip. Delightful outing at
low cost. "Wonderful new bathhouse. Beautiful
drives. Accommodations at hotel. Informa
tion of Southern Pacific agent. "
3IAXY MEMBERS OF COXGRESS
TRAVEL OX RAILROAD PASSES
Hurrying; to Washington Before N> w
Rule Against Free Transportation
. Goes Into Effect.
WASHINGTON. Dec. SO.— Members of
Congress -whose board bill between now
and Thursday next will amount to less
than their railroad fare from home to
Washington are pouring into the capital
at this unusually early date.
Every train is bringing them for the
reason that they have* been informed
that their passes which took them
home will not be honored after Sunday
night at midnight, when the new rule
of the railroads against issuing passes
goes Into effect.
If present conditions count for any
thing a large majority of Congress up
to this time has traveled on passes.
3334
EX-MAYOR LAND
TIRES OF JOB
Director of State Agricul
tural Society Complains
to Governor About Board
INCITES A BIG DEBT*
Asserts That Managers of
Fairs Displease Him and
He Wants to Give Up Place
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 30.— According to
William L*nd. a. director, of the State
Agricultural Society, millionaire hotel
owner and former Mayor of Sacramento',
the affairs of the agricultural society
are in bad Bhape, and he told Governor
Pardee to-day he desired to h,e relieved
frcm further service at the earliest date
possible.
Director Land said the work of getting
the new State Fair grounds in order
cost the society JH.OOO more than Archi
tect Allen had figured, ar.d the society
was In debt to that amount. He -told the
Governor ' that he protested against al
lor.-ing bills beyond the means of the" so
ciety, hjut was outvoted by tho otiper di
rectors. He felt he should no longer be
obliged to serve on the State Board of
Agriculture. / V ?&\'.i
Governor Pardee informed Director
Land that the debt of $14,030 in establish
ing" the new fair grounds was r.uch as
might be incurred by any State body in
such an undertaking, and he felt that
the board should not be condemned until
it had the opportunity to -prove its abil
ity to handle ths State Fairs. He said
the exposition next year should determine,
whether the fair as an institution °phould
be preserved or abolished. It was the
Governor's opinion that the present fault
of the manappment is ..that it is too cum
bersome, and it is difficmt to centralize
authority. . ...
FTv« or six vacancies in" the board xvill
occur in a month or two, and the gov
ernor said he would make his selection of
new directors with the view of restoring
the* State Fair* to the high position they
or.es held. •
JSsl<Sh LEADEB SAYS .
• THAT GKAPT. -EXISTS
Vallejo° Council Will .Ask
Federation to Investigate
• State Insane Asylums.
Sptcial Dispatch t.o T%« Call.
VALLEJO, Dec. 30. — At the annual
gathering of ° the California State Fed
eration of Labor, which opens in Oak
land on Monday, the delegates from the
Vallejo Trades and Labor Council will
ask that the insane asylums of this
State be investigated as .to their treat
ment of patients and° the attitude
toward union labor. At the meeting
of the Vallejo council last night F. W.
Grigsby. delegate from the Carpenters'
l*:iion and formerly an employe of the
State- Hospital at Napa, made an ad
dress and presented a great deal of evi-.
d^nee tending to show mismanagement
at the Napa institution. \u25a0"„-\u25a0'
Grigsby declared «that union labor" is
being discriminated against at the hos
pital: that persons not citizens of this
country and who were not residents of
California for a year previous to their
appointment, as required by the law,
are holding positions at the, institution
near this city; that patients partially
rational are •'f.-.rmed out" as laborers
to nearby ranches and that the men
are compelled to carry their food from
the hospital kitchen. He declares the
State is not receiving any returns from
this labor. Grigsby wound up his
charges by declaring that the Napa in
rJtuation ls a hotbed of graft.
Carlos Morales, President of Santo
Domingo, is said to be unlike the ordi
nary promise-making Spanish-Amer
ican, as dependence can be placed on
h!» word. ,
ApVERTISEMEXTS.
A it
Catarrh
sT^VTMiA
No More Bad Breath
"My Xfw Discovery Quickly. Cures
Catarrh." — C. E. Gaiis*. °
Catarrh is not only dangerous in this
way, but It causes bad breath, uleera-
tion, death and decay of bones, loss of
thinking and reasoning power,, kills
ambition and energy, often causes loss
of appetite, indigestion, dyspepsia, raw
throafeand reaches to» general debility,.
.idiocy and insanity. It weeds attention
at once. Cure it °with Gauss 1 Catarrh.
Cure. It is a quick, radical, permanent
"curp, bncauseoit fids the system ef the
poison germs tjisft cause catarrh.
Ifl order to prove to all who are. suf-
fering from this dangereus and loath-
some dPsease tha| Gauss' Catart-h Cure
wilP actually cure any case" of o catarrh
•jufckly, no matter how» o lons standing
or o how bad. I w c ill send a trial package
by mail free of ajl cost Send- us. your
namo and address to-day and the treat-
ment will be sent you by return mail,
fry it! It will positively cure bo that
you wili be welcpmed instead,°of shun-
ned by your friends. C. E. GAUSS. 515»3
•Main St.. Marjstiafi, Mfc'h. Fill out cou-
jpon below. •
r~"^ o FREE r.y^
o This ocoupon ls treod o f or one trial pack-
age of Gauss* Combined Catarrh Cur« ra
. , mailed free In "plain * package. v Simply
' fill in • your name «and aiKross on dotted
Ainof below and n^ail tf» ' W*£Bf
„ C. E. GAUSS. 51J13 Main Street.
\u25a0>".' * ° ....."...
NO RESERVE IN TRUST
COMPANY VAULTS.
Banker Denounces the Mejhods of Certain
Financiers tn New York.
ALFRED "H. CUftTIS. PRESIDENT OF THE NEW. YORK BANKERS' ASSOCIA
• \u25a0--. TION, WHO HAS VIGOROUSLY ATTACKED " THB METHODS OF CERTAIN
LARGE TRUST COMPANIES IN THE. METROPOLIS." '
"BUFFALO. X. V. f Dec 30. — Alfred H.
CuYtis, president of the New York State
Bankers' Association, .created a mild
sensation at the annual meet of Group
No. 1, New York State Bankers' Asso
ciation, here .last, night by his criti
cism of the operations of trust com
panies In the banking business with
practically ho reserve.
In New York City, he declared, the
trust companies have over a billion dol
lars on deposit an less than 2 per cent
cash in their vaults. The last report of
the Superintendent. of Banking, he said,
showed that one large trust company
in New York had nearly sixty millions
of deposits and did not have one dol
lar of cash in its vaults, although It
had a bank account. £&J£|
Resolutions were adopted urging
amendments to State laws relative to
suitable reserves.
LODGE OP ITALIAN MASOXS
INSTALLS ITS NEW OFFICERS
Pleasant Reunion, Impressive Cere
mony* Presentation of Diamonds -
and a Banquet.
One of the most pleasant installa
tions of the Masonic year was that of
"Speranza Italiana," the Italian lodge
of this city, In the Masonic Temple
last night. The ceremony was con
ducted by Past Master G. B. Cordano,
assisted by Past Master Carlo Scal
manini, as master of ceremonies, in
the presence of many members of the
lodge and of visitors from other
lodges. ' After the ' proclamation
of Installation, Philip de Martini, the
retiring master, in recognition of
many years "of faithful service, was
presented by the lodge with a beau
tiful emblem — diamond set—^of , his
rank In -the 4 ra -ternity.
"The lodge handed him j a valuable dia
mond brooch for Mrs. de .Martini to com
pensate her for the lo6s of his company
when absent at the lodge. The new offi
cers are: A. B. Scalmanini, venerable
maestro; Lulgi Valsangiacomo, primo sor
vegllante; John M. Icardo, gecondq sor
vegliante; J. C. Sala, tesorlere; G. Scal
manini. segretario; L. Cariani, maresclal
lo; Perseo Righettl, primo esperto; .P.
Martina, secondo 'esperto; A. G. Dondcro
and J. F. Martlnoni, cerimonieri; . G. de
Bono, coprltore; .
On closing the lodge 'the members o and
visitors went to a \u25a0 restaurant : in the
Latin quarter, where an excellent supper
was discussed, and after a short address
by A. B. Scalmanini, the new worshipful
master, J. • C.° Sala was Introduced as
toastmaster and upon his Invitation -there
were addresses In Italian and English, by
A. Sharboro, one of the dharter members;
'A. Gherini. Dr. Lonigp; R. E. Allan, sec
retary of Mission Lodge; John M. Icardo,
I.uigi Valsangiacomo, G. B. Cordario, L.
de Martini, P.. Martini, Messrs. Lobe and
Dondero o and o Philip de. Martini."
Tlie following named composed the com
mittee of arrangements: Ernllio Bonflgli,
Luigl Canani, Fred M. de Ferrari, Paolo
de Martini, P°lerto Glancoll. Anibrogio
Gherini, Giovanni 3lino, Augusto - Man
cini, fcan'obi Minelli, Clemente Peinl. G.
RuseonL A. Rossi, Pio Slmoni, M. Toso
and G. Verea. • • •*
:\u25a0' \u25a0 m \u25a0
Pioneer GranKer Dlea.
o ° SANTA * ROSA, Dec. 30. — Ferdjinand
lioseman, passed away suddetily, yester- j
*day o morning: a.t his country home in the.'
mountains above Cloverdale fn this
c county. He had beeh enjoying the best
of health and l)i.s death came- as a
great -shock to his many, friends in this
county. Mr. Roseman was identified
for twenty-two years with the grain
business, .being 1 associated with- the
Grangers' Association in San Francisco
•up to two years t ago, when .he. retired.'
'After traveling all over. Europe, he re-
•turned to this country last- fall and
settled h'er<r for. his declining years. He
,'was 73 years old.
CUT .BT PENKNIFE. — In a row over a
small sum of money John Harriso'h cut .Ernest
Kindle across the wrist with ' a penknife in 'a
lodging-house at 789 Mission street ••yesterday.
Dr. Tillman treated^ Kindla's wound at th*
Central Emergency He*»Uai.
SAN FRANCISCO CALp,!^
TRIES TO BRIBE
THE GOVERNOR
Kentuckian Asks Pardee
How Much He Wants to
Release a Folsom Coiivict
"CAMPAIGN EXPENSES"
Executive Tells Man From
Blue Grass State He Is
Lucky to Be Out of Reach
Special Dispatch to j Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 30.— A direct at
tempt was made to-day : to bribe Governor
Pardee. The Governor received a letter
from C. O. Whitehouse of Bagdad,. Ky.,
saying his brother, W. H. Whitelibuse,
was serving 'a term of six years at Fol
som prison, and asking ' what sum the
Governor would accept to let him. out.
The writer said he realized the Governor
did not want to take money to influence
his official acts, but that it must have'
cost him something to get elected and
the money would recompense him on that
account. He added that nobody in Cali
fornia would be the wiser if the Gov
ernor pardoned Whitehouse, and that he
would return to Bagdad and settle there
without occasioning comment.
The Governor wrote in reply that he
was sorry Whitehouse was not; in this
State so that he might begin criminal ac
tion against him for attempted bribery,
and that he would endeavor to bring
him to account. even in Kentucky. He
further declared that under no circum
stances would he now consider an appli
cation for mercy for the brother of the
writer and that the latter could inform
his advisers g and friends' that California
Governors are not the kind of men they
evidently consider them.
ADDS NEW VESSEL
. TO THE SOUND FLEET
Schooner John B. Stetson to
• Cany Lumber and
Passengers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i. TACOMA, Dec. ; 30.— The Soiind-San
FrancisccX' fleet , of passenger and freight
vessels will be increased by the addition
of i the . schooner John B. : Stetspn. The
vessel was built by Hall Bro.thers at
Winslow and launched a. short time aga
She was built on order of I. P. Harmon
of San Francisco and d«signedjfor lum
i ber ;-' and passenger trade from ;, Puget
Sound 5 to' California. The work of rig
ging the vessel has been ; completed and
she to-day was towed from" Eagle Har
bor to Port Gamble, where; she will load
lumlfer. She will leave Port Gamble for
San Francisco \ some time ; . next . week.'
When she ; arrives yin ; San ; Francisco gas
oline, engines will i be' installed; and -the
" passenger \u25a0 . accommodations- completed.
She •will then begin . regular trips.
•'; \u25a0 '::• the
- ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT;
SUNDAY'S CALL.
YELLOW BOOK
STIRS BERLIN
French Presentation of the
Eecent Moroccan Contro
versy Eegarded as Unfair
EEPLY TO BE MADE
Germany Will Show That
She Did Not Threaten
the Paris .Government
BERLIN, Dec. 30.— The Foreign Office
will issue next week a book on the Mo
rocco controversy containing, documents
omitted by the French Government from
its yellow book and correspondence, re
peating the accusation of bad faith made
against Count yon Tattenbach-Ashold, the
former special German representative at
Fez. The whole case, from the German
standpoint, will be placed before the pub
lic. Such a book on a European diplo
matic question has never, been . issued by
the imperial Foreign Office, which, unlike
other Foreign Offices, ha 3 followed Prince
Bismarck's rule never to publish such
papers, but to hold foreign disputes in ab
solute secrecy.
France's yellow book, however, pro
duced an effect on yie world's opinion
that the German Government is not will
ing to let go unanswered, and the deci
sion taken to disregard the former
policy and publish documents in rebuttal
of France's presentation, which it re
gards as that of a partial attorney deter
mined to arrange the facta- so as to pro
duce a conclusion held in view from the
beginning. The German Government re
sents especially the statements designed
to produce ths impression that Count yon
Tattenbach-Ashold has been untruthful.
"The book is expected to clear away
some impressions abroad that Germany
threatened France.
PARIS, Dec. 30.— Despite the improve
ment in the relations of France and Ger
many, occasioned by the submission of
the Morocco controversy to a" conference,
there is a distinct revival of war rumors
and a considerable element of the people
and a number of journals are maintain
ing that war between France and Ger
many Is inevitable. Some of these reports
are taking an exaggerated form, but they
all tend to stimulate the public apprehen
sion. The Patrie publishes a report that 1
the Bank of France has taken extraor
dinary precautions, similar to those
adopted In 1870 before the Franco-Prus
sian War. This is authoritatively denied.
Dispatches , from Belgium _ say the au
thorities there . are adopting precaution
ary measures, anticipating that a con
flict would reach Belgian soil. Specials
from Switzerland report that the German
reservists have been summoned and other
dispatches graphically describe the activ
ity of French and German forces along
the frontier and their extensive works
and defenses.
These reports, it is said, are the out
growth of the recent Hrench yellow book,
showing the acuteness of the Franco-
German, issue over Morocco ajd the ap
proaching" Moroccan conference, In which
the issue will be renewed.
The agitation has produced two distinct
elements, one holding that neither of the
governments desires war, and will make
the necessary concessions to avoid it, and
the other insisting that Germany has lat
ent designs and that Franco Is surely be
ing drawn toward a conflict. The pessi
mistic element justfi now is uppermost,
and its sentiment is reflected in a series
of alarmist reports.
«7 20 Faso Robles Hot Springs and
Return.
Tickets sold December 30 and 31, January 1;
return limit January 2. Beautiful drives and
walks. See finest bathhouse In America. Ideal
way to spend New Year's. See Southern Pa
cific aeent. * r; i?i;' ;
NICHOLAS CLAVO,
A PIONEER OF'
VALLEJO, DIES
' VALLEJO, Dec. 30.— Nicholas Clavo,
for thirty-five years a leading business
man of this city and one of the pioneers
of California, passed away at his home
in this city last night. .The deceased
was a native of Holland. For many
years he followed the sea, coming to
California in 1556. He -was the. cap
tain of the first coal-carrying vessel
which sailed between San Francisco
and Coos Bay. He was one of. the first
men to settle in Rio Vista. Mr. Clavo
lived In Vallejo forty-two years.
Death of Business Man.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— Edward D.
Page, manager of the Howe Scale Com
pany of San Francisco, died last night
at his home, 12T-7 Jackson street, from
heart trouble; He was a native of
Vermont. He leaves a widow and
daughter.
s Arms at cost
Sl'- i>mik-; 2 00 Safes'
v_^*^l* ; \u25a0-. -. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .' \u25a0• >-~\ .-\u25a0..•^-v ..^" \u25a0*<_\u25a0*•\u25a0'.•; -'\u25a0_\u25a0\u25a0 Jb i tt#_|, Ha Sold fit Fiictorv Oost>
!> fikT^ '^ -*' X -'* "^ \ ' w '* fcav « made a new con-
I-S^^ v ~i' xTi:? ) "2C"<"\ tract,, under the term* ot
fmS& y^'y^^yyl)'-, 3 Trhlcb -»re -wUI hereafter sell
m fe»£« ,! PITTS BURB SAFES!
I0 W fl' "AYE OV HAJVD
r- ia» .. 1 .~-"~ \.| '•"jJy\z; \?<A /s__jBa ' There la no better FIRE-
r"~~~r "~~~ " • " wlPlilF PROOF SAFT3 manufactured
. - . \u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0 ;"*'\u25a0 . standard safe In existence.
( PROTECT Your VALUABLES at Home and in Business
-••\u25a0* •'^ TNTIL THEY ARE ALL SOLD |YE WILL DELrVEtt ,
. '.•; f AT YOUR PLACE ; OF "BUSINESS OR RESIDENCE
$100 CaiiWa 'SiieciiQ;Ste|)tsTs.po.f S&o'caljlornia special Safe at $45.00
$90 California Special Safe at • 67.50 $sOCalilornia Special Safe at 37.50
$75 California Special Sate Tat v56;25 $40 California Special Safe at , 30.00
$65 California Special- Sale at 48.75 \u25a0 $30 California Special Sale at c - 22.50
SALE BEGINS WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3d. Nt XX A. M.^
LTOEiMAN
j 32S^arket Street,,^ Bet. Ninth and 1 Oth.
Mall Orders Given Prompt \u25a0Attentfoii. : *- ' " Send for Descriptive Circular!
FORMER SMILES
ON FORMER PEON
Pedro Alvarado Ls Likely to
Become Wealthiest Man
on the American Continent
STILL GKOWING KICHEE
Five Carloads of Ore From
the Palmillo Mine in Chi
huahua Net Him $700,000
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARRAL., State of Chihuahua, Mexico.
Dec. 30.— The goddess of fortune, not sat
isfied with raising Pedro Alvarado from
the level of a poor peon to a multi-mil
lionaire in less than six years, has again
opened the way. whereby he seems des
tined to become one of the wealthiest
men on the American continent. .The
Palmillo mine, which Senor Alvarado dis
covered and which has produced his great
wealth, is ! growing richer and richer as
the work upon it progresses. A short time
ago a great body of ore, which, so far
as present appearances go, is almost In
exhaustible, was struck. The ore in this
latest "strike" is so rich that it is put
direct into the "parting" apparatus In
stead of through the regular furnaces of
the smelter. Five car loads of this ore
brought Senor Alvarado a net return of
$700,000. It is stated that if Senor Alva
rado 'should iSO choose he. could mine a
carload of this rich ore each day, thereby
obtaining a revenue of about $125,000 a
day, but he does not rush things, and
two or three carloads of the ore a'week
will satisfy him.
It is stated by H. J. Douglas, the aud
itor of one of the smelting companies in
Mexico, that his company alone has paid
Senor Alvarado $3,200,000 for ore which
it purchased from him during the past
year. How* much he received from the
other smelters is not known. V'-'~;
There have been many lurid stories told
and written about Alvarado. He was not
as ignorant as • some people think when
he discovered the- mine that has brought
him fortune. He was very poor and had
been working in mines in the Parral dis
trict at 35 cent 3 a day. His parents, how
ever, were far above the average peons
in matter of intellect, and he had some
education. Those who have had dealings
with him say~ that he is a good business
man, although he has done many remark
able things since he began to amass his
millions. It Is true that ue built for him
self near Parral a grand home that-- is
almost a castle In size and appearance.
i It cost him. fully one million dollars to
build and furnish it, and it Is said to be
the finest residence in Mexico.
According to another report there is a
piano in every room, In the house.
Whether this is literally true is . not
known, but it is a fact that he purchased
a large number of pianos, and had them
placed in"*his new residence. The story
that he chartered a special . train to take
him to the City of Chihuahua two or
three years ago for the purpose of having
some dental work done upon his teeth 1c?
true.
It is believed here that the widely, pub
lished .report that Senor Alvarado .had
offered to pay the public debt of Mexico
grew out of a remark that he made to a
banker of thi3 State that the mines of
the country should contribute to a fund
for that purpose. Senor Alvarado holds
the view that as he obtains his wealth
from the ground a good part of it should
go to the support of the Government,
Senor Alvarado is said to be not a great
believer in banks. It was currently re
ported at one time that he had several
million dollars of gold and silver coin
stored in a strong steel cage at his resi
dence, and that it was constantly guard
ed by a. strong force of armed men. It
is thought that he does keep a large part
of his many millions In a vault at his
home, but the story of a guard of armed
men being constantly on hand is a myth.
Several million dollars of Senor Alva
rado's wealth- has gone to aid the poor
and for works of charity and religion.
He erected a magnificent Catholic cathe
dral here at his own expense.
The poor people of Parral have good
cause to hold him in, kind remembrance
for the pleasures and comforts that he
brought to them on tnis Christmas as
well as on Christmas days of former
years.
< Notwithstanding the fact that Senor
Alvarado is fond of certain kinds of dis
play and ostentation, he is kind and mod
est. He never intrudes himself upon any
one; he lives a very simple life, despite
his great riches, and, above all. he never
lets himself forget that he was once
poor. \u25a0
Texas Editor Shot by an Employe.
HOUSTON, Tex., Dec. 30. — Editor O.
F. McCannley of the Cameron (Tex.)
Herald was killed to-day In his office
at that place by "Wirt Terry, an em
ploye. McCannley's throat was cut
from ear to ear with a pocket knife.
The difficulty is said to have occurred
over private patters.
We Cure tfl^l £A
Men For
We Will Treat Any Single
Uncomplicated Ailment
t Under Absolute Guarantee
No Pay Unless Cured
fllir flffpr* In vle-w ' ot there belny so many
ucr special uner. affllcted with pr!vate> chron ,;
and pelvic diseases who are treating with quack
specialists and Inexperienced physicians without re-
ceiving any benefit, we have decided to make a spe-
cial offer to charge only one-half of our regular
fee for curing those who are now undergoing treat-
ment elsewhere and are dissatisfied. For instance,
if you are afflicted with either Hydrocele, Stricture
or Nervous Decline, our charge for curing either of which, without any
complications, is $25, we will guarantee to cure you for 512.50. and ac-
cept the money in any way you wish to pay. We will also cure Conta-
gious Blood Poison for $12.50^which ls just half our regular fee. Tho
liberal offer is made to enable those to be cured who have spent their
money- in doctoring without relief and to show the many who have
treated with dozens of physicians without benefit that we hay» the only
methods that produce a lifelong cure.
Our method!! are up-to-date and are endorsed hv the h!«h*rt medical
authorities of Europe and America. Hence our sneeess la the treatment
of men's diseases. Remember, oar specialty Is limited to the diseases of
.MEN. and JIE.V only. •
PRIVATE DISEASES — Newly contracted and chronic caa«> cored. AU
burning, Itching and Inflammation stopped in 24 hours; cures •ffscted la
1 days..
We coy« the entlr* field of private and ehroalo. de«o-s«at «d, oomsll-
cated diseases.
A Life Long Cure for
TTLCERS SKttT DISEASES — "Tprnr.
STRICTURE PUJES AXD FISTTJI.A
HYDROCELE PROSTATIC DISEASES _ 2 .
VARICOCELE SERVO-VITAL DEBILITY
. BLOOD POISOX XOCTURXAL EMISSIO?m
CHRONIC DISCHARGES KIDXGT AND BLADDER DISEASES
"WTUTE, if you cannot call. All correspondence strictly confidential
and all replies sent In plain envelopes. No names, cases, lettars-or pho-
tographs of patients published or exposed.- Inclose 2-cent stamp to In-
sure reply.
HOURS— B to 5. 7to 8 Dally; Sundays, » to I*.
DR. HOLSMAN & CO..
I 729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor), S. F.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CAUFORNIA
mm limited
«XV I^^ y^S: uca 2° m Th rw Day\
i^Ka^^^«G™ with Diners and Sleep«.
Santa Fe Trains
7:30 a. m. 1 • For Stockton. Marc*d Fresno,
and f Hanford. Vlsalia. Bakertfleld
S:00 p. m. J and Intermediate polnta.
):S0 a. m. — California Limited thxce days to
• . ' Chicago every day. Direct con-
nection to Gfand Canyon.
9:80 a. m. — Valley Limited, for Stockton, M«r-
oed. ' Fresno, Han Cord, vlsalla,
and Bakersflelj and; Points on
v V the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p. m. — For Stockton and intcrmedlaU
-\u25a0 . •' points. \u25a0UvV-.-.r _\u25a0;.,
8:00 p. m. — Overland Erpress, for Chicago.
Kansas City, Denver and Grand
. . Canyon.
• TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street.. *..San Francisco
Fern* Depot San. Francisco
1112 Broadway .'.... r.. Oakland
27 South First street San Jose
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbaron Ferry, Foot of Harket Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
\u25a0WEEK DATS— 7:3O. »:00 a. m.: 12:35, 3:30.
5:10. 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:80 a. m.; 12:35. 3:30. 8:10,
6:30 p. m.
. SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:OS. v 7:35. 7:50. »:20 a. m.;
12:50 3:10. 5:00. 5:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:OS. 5:00. 8:16. 9:40 a. m.; 8:40.
4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:80 p. m. __^
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 8. 1905. | Saa Fran.
Week | Sun- [ Destlna. | Sun- I Week
Days. | da^. | Uon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a | 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:00 a 9:30 a Isnaclo. |10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p I 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p| 5:10 p . | 7:30 p
9:00 a! 9:30 at Napa. I 9:10 a] 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 pj I 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:25 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 8:20p and 7:35 p
5:10 pf Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~ : |10:40 a 10:23 a
8:00 a Fulton. i 7:30 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p _J
Windsor : !j v
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr 10:40 a 10:25 a
Lytton
3:30 p 8:80 p Geyservlll« 7:30 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a' 10:25 a
3:30 p| 8:30 p| and Uklah | 7:30 p; 6:20 p
'. j j WUllts and j j^
7:80 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:30 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 at 10:25 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guemevllle. | 7:80 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a] 8:00 a) Sonoma. I 0:10 a! 8:40 a
5:10 p[ 5:10 p[ Glen-Ellen. \ 6:00 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 a 10:40 a 10:25 a
3:30 p 3:30 p Sebastopol. 7:30 p 6:20 p
5;10p 5:10 p j
\u25a0 STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa . Rosa for Whlto Sulphur
Springs and Mark r West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Sprlnesj: at Geyserrtlle for SkasKS
Springs; at Cloverdale for tho Geysers Boon-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs; Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lako County Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laura Dell Lake. Wlt,t«r Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's,
Lierly'B, Hullvtlle, Orr'a Hot Springs, Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino
City. Fort Brace. Westoort and U«al: at WU-
llts for f Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for
Fort Brass:, Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cum-
ipings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land, Dyer. Garbervllle, Camp 5, Pepperwood,
Scotia and Eureka.
. Saturday and Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On 6unday — Round-trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket-office, 630 Market at.. Chronicle bulld-
JAS. AGLER, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt.
HJCAZADERO, Etc.
____„ ls.anlltp ferry,
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days and Sundays at' 7-00 {*t
cept Sunday).- 7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a nT*
12:20 1:45. 3:15. 4:35, 5:15, 5:50, 6:80 7-T%"
9:00. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m. -. \u25a0 V' "T?
For Fairfax.' week days — 7:45 a. m 5 -is
p. m. d?lly. • except Sunday; and" 3:15 p m
Saturdays only. Sundays and J holiday«--7-4s"
9:10 a. m. * -* 0 '
THROUG.H TRAINS. .
; 7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way *• 'ion*
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only, for Pom
and way. • . . •. • "
. TICKET , OFFICE—^6SO Market st
. FERRY— Union Depot. ' foot of Market st.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
\u25a0^^ggSSlfefch. . vki bits :\u25a0
T emve S - F - 9:50 ASI 1:45 r m
tSJggHßra Arnve S. P. 10:45 a m 2:55, 6:3.' pm'
\^|^^^. " SATUR3IT 05LT
T^^^JT Lv. S.F. 4:35 pm Ar. S. F. 11:25 pm
yg®ir '\u25a0 SUHDIT3 ISO IKii EOLUIT3
VV v * 5' F> 8; 25.9 I -50.U:00 am 1 .45pm
H • Ar.S.F.I-30, 2:55. 4.-23, 6.-22 pm
_SSS? P ! «0 Markkt ST.,(North Shore Railroad) '
SI/lOIS Und Sausaxjto Ferry, Foot MarketSfe
RAILWAT TRAVEL.
_j-s. Trains l*ai« Mid are dm
y_\YJW4vs, to arrlv* »t
r£lnlkr\ SAN FRA3fcISO %
(Toot of Markot Street.)
UATi- MAIN LINE. -ABMTJ-
7.ooAElmtra, Vacavllle, Winters, Rumaey 7T3P
7-COAUSchincnd. Cenlcl*. Sacramento*
Sulsanand War Stations 7-23»»
740AVaUsJo. Kapa, CalUtoga. Saat*
Kosa. Martinez. San Ramont B.CBf»
7.4oA^Hes, ricssaatoa. Liver more.
Tracy, Latisroy, Stockton 7.28*
8-CoAShi3ti Express— (Via Davis). -.'
Wllllaais. WUlowa, tFruto, Ded
Blu -J. Port'and, Tacoma, Seattle. 7-43:»
B.ooaDut!3. Woodlant), Knlshts Landing,
Marysville, Orovllie 7M*
B.2oa Mirtlaoz, Antloch, Byroa. Tracy,
Stockton, Newmsn, Los Banos, .._. ._
Slentlota. " Armona, Hanford, > . _,_,_
VUalJa.^ForferTllKy .\;\\i .\ < JiS
i B.2oAPcrt Costa. Lathrop. Merced, Jlo- • *-**r
detto. Fresno, Bunford, Vlsalla, -
Bakerstteld ~ 4.48^
8-40 A N!l^«, San Jose, Llv?rmor ?, Stock-
ton CtMiUon), Valley Sprlngr.
• - . lone, Sacramento, Plorervlll*. -
Colfax. MarysTllle. Red 81uff.... 4.03*
: 8-40A Oakdale. Cbinese, Jamestown,
Sonors, Tuolcmne and Abcals... 4.CBp»
' 9.00 A Atlantic Express— Osden and East. 423p
9.40 a Richmond. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Stations (tConcord) .... 8-48*
10.20 a Vallejo, Dally. Napa. Sunday only 748?
10.20aL03 Angeles Passenger— Port r«'
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
llajmond, Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla, __
Baiersfleld, Los Angeles « 708?
10.20AE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Lonls and "•
• Chicago - 7.08P
ILOOAThe Overland Limited — Omaha,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... 9.43f»
11.40AKlles, Saa Jose and Way Stations. 2-48 i»
Ti-COpSacramento River Steamers tll.Go<»
3-20P?ort Costa, Martlnez.Byron, Tracy,
Modesto, Merced, Fresno 1208»
3-40PB%ntcla. Winters, Sacramestow "
Woodlsnd, Knights Landing; -
Msrjrsrille and Ororllls 1343 a
3.4opTliywircl. N lies, and Way Stations 7.43 •
4CCp Vallejo. Martinez. San Ramon,
Napa, Callstosa, Sapta R05a..... S.2HS
4.oopNtles, Tra~y. Stockton. Lodl 10-Sflr
4.4oPHayward. Sllea, Irrlnston, Baai t3.4-i*
Jose,LiTermor«.... "} t11.43*
6.OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman. Loa
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tnlira, __,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles... i 1.43 a
B.COPGoIden State Limited— El Pi«o, \
.'Kansas City, St. Lodla and » •>'.
Cnlcago 8.43 a
tS^OpHayward, NDeaand San J05e....,- i 7.08*
6-20 p Vallejo, Port Costa, Benlda, SnV -
son, Sacramento 11-234
64)0pKa»tern Express— Omaha, Chicago,
Denver, Kansas City, St. Lools,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks, MonteUa. Osden .. 12.48*
»20PBayward. Mies and San Jose.. „.. 9.43 a
7J3QPReno Passenger— Port Costa, B«*
ntcla, Suisun, Elmlra, Dlxon,
Darts, Sacramento. Hazen, Tono- _,
pah, OolrtfleldandKeeler ' TJMa'
74I0P Vallejo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11-23.4
8-20POregon & California Express— 3 w
ramento, MarysTllle, Reddlsa,
Portland, Puget Sound and East.' . 3.43 a.
84JuPHayward. Slles and Saa Jose (Sun-
day only) „ til .43a
COAST LINE (>»rroTTtia B r«V
' (Foot of Market Street.)
B.IS Newark. Centerrille. San Jose,.
; - Felton, Boalder Creek, Santa
Cma and Wsy Stations ..;•.....•.\u25a0.. 9 3!»
t2.lsp^ewark. CenterTllle. San Jose,
/ New Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton. "
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crua and
• Principal Way Stations .....;,.^ fiO-SS* *
4.lspNewar&, San Jose. Loa Gates jjjffjj
3-45pHnnti;rs Train— (Saturday o»ly)
Saa Joseand Way Stations....... t7.58i»
COAST LINE IBroad Uu»j. '
. %W (Third and Townsend Streets.)
8-10 a Saa Jose and Way Stations ft.SO*
7.OOASan Jose and Way Stations 6.40
'B.ooa Xcw Ahnaden (Tnes., Fr!., ontr).. 4-1 0»
B.ooa The Coaster— Sun Jo«e. Sal lnms, *<
Saa Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa -*<
Margarita, Saa Lais Oblspo. _J*
Gnadalnpe. Gaviota. SanU Bar- I :
bara, San Bnenaventnra, OxnarJ. "-\u25a0 .
BnTbank, Los Angeles , 10>30»
B.ooAGllroy, HoUister. Pajaro, Castro-
TUle. Del Monte. Paclftc Grove, •
Snrf. LomDoc .: 10.33*
S.OOASan Jose. Tres Plnos. WatsonrUle.
.-* Capttota, Santa Cnu. Paciaa
Grove, Salinas. San Lais Obispo
MdPrrstlpal Way Stations..*.... ' 4.IQP
10-30ASas Jose and "Way Stations 1... L2op .
ll. 3oa San Jose and "Way Stations 7.4Cf»
2.lspSaa Jose and Way Stations ..... *.' - 836 a
3 OOP Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Saa Jose, WatsooTlue, Sant*
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey \u25a0';. %
-•^ -____- Pacific GroTe....; 12.15*
tS-OOpLos Gatos. Wrtirht, Bonlder Creek. o
Santa Craz. vl» Santa Clara and
- NarrpwGange 10.45*
3-30P South San Kranclsro, £>»n Jose.
Girroy. Hollister. Tres Plnos U.4SA
°4.SopSan Jo^e and Way Station* T7.65A \u25a0
15 OOPSanta Clara, San Johc Lcs Gatos. t9.00A
55.30P San Jose and Principal WiySUUons 53.40 a
6-45PSunset Express— Redwood. Saa
Jose. Gttroy. Salinas. Paso ,
Robles, San Luis Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Deming, o
El Paso, Kew 0r1e5c5 ............ 9.13*.
8.48PE1 Pa^p. Kansas CIST. St. Lools,
_ ,_ o Chlcaisp 9.10 a
s.4sP Pajaro, WatsonTltle. Capltola.
•Santa Cruz. " CastroTllle, rJiel
Monte,- PaclflaGroTe....-...V.;.. 10^0<»
tS.I dp San Mateo, BereAford, Belmont. o
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
'. • MenloPkrS. P:ilo AltoTT.... .... t64SA»
\u25a0 6.3opS\^t Jose and 'Way Stations....;.... 3.36 a
8-OOPpalo Alto a -ul Wiy Buttons ...n... TO-ISa
11.30P3outllSaQFrancUco. Mll! w 'irae v Kiir-
Ungame. San Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka. *
Menlo Park and Palo into ...j>° o 9.45 C*
•-I.l.3opS»tnrUi>yspnly for Mayfleld. Moun-
tain View. Sunnyvale. L» wrwne'o.
Santa CJura ami San J<me . ; p. .. . . t9^S__*
OAKLAND HARBOR fERRY- •
(loot of Market SO* o , M
Daily except Sunday, 7.10, 3.00, t iiOO*^!"r
1.30. 3.30*5.30 p. m! /a . JX)
Sundaf only, 7.30 9.00.10 30 a. ««.; iZ^DO^.t
• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 1.30.3 00, 4.30.° 5. PC. 7.30 c i». _-
A tor Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSundayexcepted tSundsyonly. 6Mon<tsyon:y.
- . {Dally, and stops at all stations on Sunday- o
Weekly Call, $1 PftrfearMUSIC LOVER WRITHES
WHILE SONG IN SLAIN
His Gorge Rises as Vocalist Roars Ditty
Deserving of Gentle Treatment.
• .—:. — : » i
shocked Saloonist Invades Apartment
'•\u0084-. and QueH§ Discord With Club!
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
ll was not an Innate aversion to vocal
music that uiadetFr.itz Martens writhe as
he kept solitary midnight vigil in his
Falcon, C 34 Commercial street, for he is
a most energetic member of- a local Bu
sang verein. Nor was it the sentiment
contained in the song assailing, his ears
thfit harrowed his soul, for he had a
weakness for. tender lyrics. The fact that
he fc-as a Teuton, and the offending ditty
of Celtic tenor, cut no figure in the jarring
cf his nerve centers, for he was un
wedded to any special school of melody.
Consequently his irritation 'could only
be ascribed to the inartistic manner in
"My Irish Mollie. O," was voloed
yy the evidently masculine person in the
iodgir.g-house above stairs.
'\u25a0Yon'd o somepotty shtop hira?" groaned
Mr. Martens, solus, as "the raucous
mouthlnps continued -and with increased
vehenser.ee. There was only one of two
ways. for Mr. Martens jto escape the per
secution—either to shut up shop and flee
beyond earshot or to visit the vocalist
atifi silence him. Adoption of the former
alternative, might involve pecuniary sac
rifice,' as late tipplers were abroad, and
tne latter plan might c bring upon the med
dler cither oral or "physical abuse, *or
both, as the author of the .ear-torment
was apparently in no condition to tamely
hearken to logical pleadings. Mr. Mar-
Jftjps was carefully-- weighing the ques
tion in his irlzid when a terrific- rciar
of ,"My Irish M-o-M-i-le. O." provoke 4
hizn to instant decision.
"He'll shtop id," soliloquized the suf
ferer, arming himself with a club and
an empty quart bottle, "und 'mine peesi
» ness voa'd be der looser, cider."
He scaled the stairs and, guided by the
voice of the music-murderer, entered the
chamber occupied by Edmund Schrenck,
who was abed, with uplifted knees form-
Ing a canopy of the coverings, and lustily
lading the atmosphere with maddening
discord. What immediately ensued was
variously recounted to Police Judge Mo
gan, before whom Mr. Martens was ac
cused of battery by Mr. Schrenck, whose
head was so lavishly bandaged that only
the ends of his scraggy mustache were
visible.
Mr. Martens averred that when he po-
ADVEimSQIEKTS.
WORD TO WEAK
You are in need of henest treatment. Tou
probably have bad many treatments «!I of
which have cost you something and all of
\u25a0which have Jailed to cure you. PoaslLly you
have been neidectiry? yourself, because you
don't know wjjere to go. In any event, we I
rv-ouJd likt to have you come to our office and
gr, ever the matter with us.
It Won't Cost Tou
a Cent
*—^— *— *^** — **^^^^* i Yl'e wi'l fimt
\u25a0\u25a0^KaSl '•'tffc •\u25a0''\u25a0- : - d*s treatment free of
~>. ( -.«„„„ Mr» a pleased with our
ta a a 7^L ¥? Methods wew c will
nearly dead Uora Er»- make vfj a
iii^S^S fey
te w a . quickly cured. $£r/° wIJI *
" ftke, catch-penny
arrangement t o
t you out of your money. Our proposition
will be fair end honrst and you will be natis-
fieO. It you s.re not pleated with what we
have to oiler you it will cost you nothing; but
you will have learned something of value to
>-ou. W« have private spartments for men, r»nd
\u2666•vTM-ythln* i» entirely confidential. AH special
riistasea of men are treated. You can come
any time from 9 in the morning: to 5 in the
afternoon, or from 7 to S at night, cr on Sun-
day* Troaj 3 Jo 1~.
Electro.- Chemic Institute
"<; flocr H.-nnia Spreckeit Building,
92? Market Street. S.. P. •
RUPTURE
Cared WKbout (be LL T «c of Knifr or I'nin
or IJeljij- from Work.
First— We will leave »1
"NtmshW money* in the BANK ua-
/?^\^rr Xii JOU are cure<J -
JT IYOUR Second — We will cuar-
>V«S, VtRUSS »ntf< a periect cure in
x^-^V^e^ tWAV 'rcra two to eight weeks.
£^/ LT^i Third— You will not f
YjT-'hk. J prevented from wo.-klnc.
\//y/3^ Lut t-'Klr.g to the fact
vry/IP^i »l>at we can treat you
t/ / #>v vtterer we caa cure you
/ f id A m cnt week lf you ***
\f I IH( \ prepared to remain qclet |
ua w I iV)J\ p-or the convenience ot
v tr.y we »•;;; icceyt weekly payment*. No*
.» the time to rive us a trial and be cured.
have cured thousand"; w« can cure you.
Our methods are th« same as practiced bjr the
celebrates rupture specialists. Dr. O. D. Ai-
fcrtfht of Philadelphia Pa.. Dr. I>ewia cf St.
Louia, Mo., and other 'leaAlnc rupture special*
lst» of the werld.
v Rceeet t«tlm<.nla!»: EMMIT BAKER, VM
«jj*et rt.; SAM PLATT 1 Grant avt; P.
rsyiSTENEKN 315 K(ja y g^. raiTZ AN-
C 25 Clsy et.: G A. FREMA.V, Moun-
Uin View. Call cr write for full detailf.
Hcum. »:S0 a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sunday, JO to L
* GUARANTEE RUPTURE CUfiE CO.,
©00 Market SU Cor. Ellla.
litely requested Mr. Schrenck .to v cease
outraging- harmony he was rnstantly at
tacked by that gentleman and that in
self-defense he was compelled to strike
back. Mr. Schrenck, on the other hand,
testified through an aperture in his head
swathing that without uttering a word of
either displeasure or warning Mr. Mar
tens fell upon him and piled both club
and- bottle, the result of the onslaught
being the necessary cloth-wrappings there
.exhibited.
When the case is recalled for hearing
nex| Friday, seme of Mr. Schrenck's fel
low lodgers will testify as to the quality
of his rudely interrupted vecal solo.
Mrs. Hattie Martini, accused of having,
donjolntly with Charles H. lAwson, stolen
a pearl necklace and a fur boa from the
boudoir pf° Mrs. May Hess, keeper of a
lodging-house at 271 O'Farrell street, told
Judge Conlan that at the time of the al
leged robbery she was under escort of
Mr, Lajvson J6 the Grand Opera-house.
"We saw Nan-ce O'Neil play 'Queen
Elizabeth.' " said Mrs. Martini, "and I
have the seat .coupons to sho\y for it."
(Seat coupons submitted In evidence by
defense and scoffed at as immaterial by
prosecution.) "On our way home," con
tjnued Mrs. Martini. "Mr. Lawson picked
up a fur tall that had been dropped from
somebody's bos, at Third and Market
streets, and I told him to throw it away,
as it might t»e dirty. Why he kept It I'm
sure I don't know."
As the fur tafl alluded to was Identified
by Mrs. Hess as a portion of the boa pil
fered frdm her, and ss Mrs. Martini and
Mr. Lawson lodged at Mrs. Hess' house
and had free .access to her private cham
ber, the prosecution depends upon the
"tall to clinch its case.
The fact that the <ail emits a perfume
similar to that used by Mrs. Hess is an
other point Judge Conlan will weigh ere
he hands down a decision next Tuesday.
It was the erection of a stovepipe by
Timothy O'Keefe, grocer and saloonist at
Twenty-third and Alabama streets, that
primarily led to his wrecking of a well
ordered home and his arrest for peace
disturbance on complaint of his wife.
The defense claimed that if Mrs.
,o'Keefe had refrained from volunteering
instructions as to how the stovepipe
should be erected her husband would not
have lost his temper and smashed things,
including the sjove, but Judge Mogan In
timated that it would be unwise to estab
lish a precedent making a wife's Inclina
tion to command her spouse reprehend
ble. inasmuch as such inclination could
not be curbed by statute.
Mr. O'Keefe was doing as well with
the stovepipe as any man could have
done, the defense then pleaded, and
would hay« triumphantly set it in place
If Mrs. O'Keefe had not insisted that
his plan of procedure was opposed by
every plain law of mechanics. When
he gently remarked that perhaps she
would like to relieve him of the job
and accomplish it herself she fervent
ly regretted she was a woman, thus
Implying that If she were a man she
would fix the stovepipe as she had
suggested. It was not until he had
tried her proposed plan and found It
absolutely impracticable that he
waxed wroth and began his work of
demolition.
Mrs. O'Keefe clinched the prosecu
tion by testifying that if Mr. O'Keefe
had not been intoxicated he would not
have been angered by her well-mean
ing advice as to how the stovepipe
should be put up, because he had
often, when sober, passively adopted
her ideas as to how' pictures should be
hung-.
He was pronounced guilty as
charged. •
• • •
"Take a peep at this, Judge," said Har
ry Monahan, whisky drummer, pointing
to a crimson streak behind his right ear
and thus insinuating that Jt was made by
a finger nail of his wife, Okella, who ac
cused him of having battered her at their
home, 804 McAllister street.
Mrs. Monahan, a pretty little woman,
(old the court that the defendant shame
fully abused her and their young child,
an Invalid. Although he knew the family
dinner hour was 6 o'clock, he willfully
stayed away from home until 8 o'clock,
and when she complained of his unneces
j sary tardiness he struck her and ran out
of the house. He was seldom sober, she
added, o
business of selling whisky compels
I me to drink." said* the defendant.
"Then if your business necessitates 111
treatment of your wife and child you
would better engage in some other busi
ness," said the Judgr. "You are guilty of
Lattery and I'll sentence you next Tues
day."
• • •
Patrick Grant, who on September 8.
; 1902, it Is alleged, embezzled $1077
! while he was serving as secretary of
tho Blacksmiths' Helpers' Union, was
arrested last Friday evening, by De
tectives Ryan and ODea, and when ar
raigned before Judge Mogan declined
to plead. The case will be heard Jan
uary 5.
• •' •
Miss Lillian Meredith of 225 Ellis
street, who had complained that
"Jockey" Lew unprovokedly battered
her while she was entering a.tender
loin saloon, did not appear to testify
when the ca«e was called before Judge
C&banlss, and an attorney statedtthat
the severity of the shock administered
to her nervous system by the blow on
her face prevented her attendance. ___
The defendant, a, weazened and di
minutive person of uncertain age, ex
hibited to the court a swollen Jaw and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER -31. 1905.
WARRANT IS OUT
FOR ATTORNEY
Well Known Stockton Law
y.er Accused of Embezzle
ment by Client He Served
Wo3lA]S T MAKES CIIAIIGES
Alleged Shortage in the Es
tate of a Minor Causes
Trouble for Coljnel Gibson
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
STOCKTON. Dec 30.— A warrant was
issued late this afternoon for the arrest
of Colonel W. M. Gibson, the well-known
lawyer, on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. The complaining witness is Mrs.
Mary Troy. Gibson was the attorney for
Mrs. Troy as guardian of the estate of
Edward Troy. Last July Troy became of
age, and when it came to settling up the
estate it is said that there was a short
age of $522 in the funds in Gibson's hands.
Mrs. Troy demanded the money of Gibson
and he failed to make good. Judge Nut
ter called the District Attorney Into court
and referred the matter to him for offi
cial action. Gibson was Assistant Dis
trict Attorney under the administration
of W. B. Nutter, who la now Superior
Judge. The warrant had not been served
late this evening.
GREAT SEAL OF KOREA NOW
IN CHARGE OF JAPANESE
Consul Representing: the Mlkndo Noti
fies Governor of Amalgama
tion of Offices.
' SACRAMENTO. Dec. 30.— X. Uyeno,
the Japanese Consul at San Francisco,
has notified Governor Pardee that un
der the terms of the treaty between
Japan and Korea he has taken over the
Korean consulate at that place. The
Korean Consul has turned over the seal
and property of the office and Consul
Uyeno announces that hereafter he will
act. as Korean Consul. One of the
terms of the treaty mentioned provides
that Japan shall conduct all of Korea's
foreign business.
Expert Tender* Resignation.
WOODLAND. Dec. 30. — G. H. Heck of
this city has resigned his post as ex
pert In viticulture in charge of the ex
perimental stations in California. Heck
tendered his resignation some time ago,
but the fact was not made public until
to-day. His successor has not been ap
pointed.
hinted that the complainant was au
thor of the tumefaction. Additional
details will be heard by hi's Honor next
Friday.yv !
• * • •
Mrs. Margaret Crowley's . person
comfortably filled the capacious wit
neEs chair in Judge Conlan's court as
she testified that Martin Fannon, whom
she accused of peace disturbance, was
as good a boarder as any landlady
would desire to have if he would only
abstain from drinking intoxicants to
excess. For seven consecutive years
he had been one of the mainstays of
her caravansary. 3021 Clement street,
when he became addicted to tippling,
and then his nature seemed to under
go a. complete transformation. He
called her unprintable names and
otherwise annoyed her and the other
boarders, and she would like to have
the court compel him to change his
place of residence. Her reoiuest was
complied with, the Judge notifying
Mr. Fannon that if his personal ef
fects are not removed from Mrs.
Crowley's house before next Tuesday
he would be sent to jail.
"He called me out .of my name," plead
ed Mate Charles Blum of the ship Church
111, when he was called to receive sentence
for having battered a dock watchman
named J. H. Rex. Smiling grimly Judge
Mogan responded:
"And the misnomer so shocked your
sensitive soul that your fist involuntar
ily shot out and felled him?"
"Yes, sir," readily replied the "bucko
mate."
"It was the same fist, I suppose," his
Honor pursued, "that is reputed to have
felled innumerable mariners who Incurred
your displeasure on the high seas?"
No answer. \u0084- "A;.> \u25a0•>',
"Of course," continued the court, "if
you had been in the habit of accom
panying your blows with epithets you
would not have been so profoundly horri
fied by what this complainant called
you?"
Not a word spake the forecastle terror.
"The sentence of this court is that you
pay a fine of $30 or be imprisoned thirty
days."
An extremely buxom dame Immediate
ly advanced to the clerk's desk "and de
posited thereon one double eagle and one
single eagle. "Is that enough?" she
asked, fingering a lot of yellow disks in
her wallet. "Because if it ain't there's
plenty more where it came from."
"That's enough, I puesa," rumbled from
the mate's lips, and the clerk nodded af
firmation.
"Then you come on," quoth the lady,
In commanding tone, and the man whose
frown made stalwart seamen quail
meekly followed her from the courtroom.
| We desire to thank the friends I
IV, ' of Sherman, Clay & Co. : for their 1
| multitude of favors during the I
1 "past; and" we pledge our very i
I best endeavors during the year I
1 The passing of 1905 marks the ; |
I close of the most successful I
I year we ; have, ever . exper ien ced, 1
I and we. emerge to greet the new I
I year stronger and better in every j
I Sherman, Clay (Sb Go. |
| Steinway Piano Dealers |
II Located for thirty-five years 'at Kearny: and. gutter; Streets, San Fran- ||
H cisco." Oakland Store, Broadway and Thirteenth. Street. fa
\u2666 \u2666\u2666 GREAT* \u2666\u2666
Annual Gearance Sale
TO BE CONTINUED
Tuesday; January 2, at 9, A. M.
SEE TUESDAY'S PAPERS FOR ASTONISHINGLY; LOW PRICES
1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET
/Wholesale Clearance Sale
NOW 111 Full Swing | See Our Windows .
j^*^ 1140-11.42 Market Street papers
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
GRAVE CHARGES
NOT SUSTAINED
Judge-Smith Finds That Ac
cusations Against a Con
stable Are' Not Proved
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 30.— Charges of
malfeasance in office against Constable
A. L. Seldlinger of Boulder Creek were
to-day dismissed by Judge Smith of the
Superior Court. "The charges, which were
brought by William F. Pierce, a Boulder
Creek • saloon-keeper,' include allegations
that the Constable kept articles taken
from prisoners, failed to stop street
brawls and refuged to serve writs of at
tachment on certain persons. Judge
Smith in his decision declares that al
though many grave charges were made
against the Constable, there was not
enough evidence brought out at the trial
to overcome the officer's well supported
denials. ;" C '
THIEVES DISPLAY ACTIVITY
IN THE TOWN OF SARATOGA
Butcher Shop, Residence, Drug Store
and Jeweler's Place of Bust- .
ness Are Entered.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 30. — Burglars were
active in Saratoga last night. They en
tered Tomllnson's store, where thoy
stole three gold watches and a lot of
jewelry; Dr. Hogg's drug store, from
which they carried off a nickel-in-the
slot machine; Shirley's butcher shop,
from which they took a large cleaver,
and the Marengo residence, in which
latter place they secured $20 and two
bank books, the property of Catherine
Marengo. There are no clews.
Ask the man who knows. The American
Cigar, made by Regensburg, is the best.*
COURT STOPS LANDOWNER
FROM INTERFERING WITH ROAD
Objectionist Ordered to Appear and
Show Cause "Why He Should
Not Be Enjoined.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 30.— Superior Judge
Hyland to-day issued an order re
straining R. F. Morrow from interfer
ing with the survey for, the Mount
Hamilton electric road across his lands.
He is also directed to appear in court
on January 29 to show cause why the
injunction should not \u25a0be made per
petual. Morrow had forbidden the
company's surveyor to cross his lands.
AMUSKME3TTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park
SPEC I A L
HOLIDAY
•stake:--
TODAY
AND
MONDAY
Beginning at 10:30 a. m.
Both Days
JOHN \V. SUTTON Jndxe
HAI^RY MURRAY Slipper
Guerrero-st. cars direct to Park for one far*.
Sunday and Monday Afternoons and
Evenines.
LAST TIMES OF
CLEOPATRA. UP-TO-DATE.
Commencing TUESDAY,
TIIGH-CL.ASS SPECIALTIES.
CLIFF FARRELL: SALVINI BROTHERS-
BOTHWELL BROWNE'S GAIETY • GIRLS'
RUBY HAWKINS AND POLLY HAZEL :
NELLIE MONTGOMERY, and THE ANI-
MATOSCOPE. \u25a0
Open Air Attraction: V;
BARNES' DIVING ELKS.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION .10c | CHILDREN. .. . . . . .6c
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES HALL
Market St., between Fourth and ' Fifth.
THE CALIFORNIA PROMOTION COMMITTEE'S
LECTURES ON CALIFORNIA.
Dally .from 2 to 4 p. m. (except Sunday).
| Illustrated by MiiKnlftcent Sterroptlcon
Views and Moving: Pictures.
No lecture on \u25a0 New Year's ' Day.
Wesk commencing January 2.
"T. SAN JOAaUIN COUNTY
Presented by Colvin B. Brown, from 2 to 2:30.
ALAMEDA CITY
Presented by John H. Hartoe, , from 2:30 to 3.
STANISLAUS COUNTY
Presented by H. H." Whitmore,' from 3 to 3:30.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY
Presented by ,M. I. Jordan, from . 3 :30 to 4.
ADMISSION FREE."
Racine! ARaci!
New mJ^ MW
Galifornia W§. Cl
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Six or more races each week day, rain or shine.
For ispecial ' trains stopping at the track take
S. P. fern-, foot ' of Market 8t ; leave at 12 :20,
thereafter every twenty, minutes until 2 p. m.
No ; smoking *in -\u25a0 last two '\u25a0 cars, ' \u25a0which '\u25a0 are re-
served ' fop ladles and . their . escorts. ;\u25a0
Returning tralnsfleave track after, fifth and
last races.. : ••*'\u25a0\u25a0 • - .;' - " -
/ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
.PERCY- W.r TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
! Roller Skating
I Mechanics' Payilioq Rink.
NEW YEAR'S NIGHT— BIG RACES.
BICYCLIST .VS. "' PROFESSOR 5 HAMER.
One Race foi Amateurs. \u25a0
admission :.;'.............«.«........: .;'.... ... . . . ...«.«. .... ... . v 200'
GRAND OPERA-HOUSEI
AMERICA'S GREATEST TRAGEDIENNE
THIS EVENING — LAST TIME OF
Maeterlinck's Famous Play. "MOXSA VAXX.L"
Fourth Week of NAHCE O'HEIL, Commencing With New Year's Day Matinee,
MONDAY MATIXEE ««
Wednesday Matinee, Ibsen's "HEDDA 6ABLER."
PRICES — 25c. 60c. 75c. $1.00; Box Seats, $1.50.
Week Commencing
This Afternoon, December 31
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR
And Company in His
Two-Scene Tragedy
"The Un-Masking"
And Last Week of the
Regular Matinees Every
Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday.
Prices— !Oc, 25c, 50c
SECOND AND LAST WEEK BEGDJ3
TO-NIGHT
Special Holiday Matinee Monday
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
In the Farcical Comedy Triumph,
"The American Lord"
GERMAN THEATER — Next Sunday Night.
The Arthur Becker Lustspiel Ensemble In
"ZWEI WAPPEN" (The Two Escutcheons).
Seats, 25c to $I—Ready1 — Ready Tuesday.
Beginning MONDAY, January S.
J. J. Coleman Presents
LOUIS JAMES
Supported by
NORMAN HACKETT and an excellent cast
in the following repertoire: Mon., Thurs. and
Sat. evenings "Richelieu"; Tues. and Sun.
evenings. "Vlrglnlus"; Wed. and Fri. evenings,
"The Merchant of Venice": Sat. Mat., "Ingo-
mar." SEATS THURSDAY-
H W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
25c EVERYWHERE.
TO-NIGHT
Farewell Appearances of the NEILLS m
IF? I WERE KING
! Commencing NEIW YI3AR'S MATINEE TO-
- MORROW,
Reappearance of ths Magnetic Youns Actress,
AMELIA GARDNER
• AS PHYLLIS IN
"When VVe Were Twenty-One"
Nat Goodwin' and Maxlne Elliott's Most Suo-
cessful Play.
Supported by a Cast of Unusual Excellence.
NewCENTRAL
Tel. South 818. Direction of H. W. BISHOP.
, MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
Last ' Two Performances of
THE EYE WITNESS
The Sensation of th« Year.
Commencing with Special New Year's Matlne*
To- Morrow. Ralph Stuart's Great New York
' Success,
"BY RIGHT OF SWORD"
Special New Scenery. Gorgeous Costumes.
See ' the Great Telescope Scsne.
Evening Prices. : 15c. 25c, 35c and 50c
Saturday • and Sunday Matinees. 15c and 23c
MISCEtLAKEOUS AMPSEMEXTS.
ST EINWAY" HALL, 223 S UTTER ST.
FRIDAY EVENING,, January 6, 1900, at 8:15.
WENZEL KOPTA
VIOLIN . RECITAL.
Assisted by MRS. OSCAR MANSFELDT. pian-
ist, and MR. GYULA ORMAY; accompanist.
Reserved seats*. $1: Admission seat. 75 cents.
For. sole at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s., KCaier &
Chase" a and. Beoj. Curtaz Son's.
AMUSEMENTS..
V BUSH STREET **1
C P. HALL. ....Procrtetor and Jf*na**r
Phone Mala 127.
LAST TIMES TO-DAY.
MATINEE AJJD NIGHT. OF
PBOADWAY (jAIETY QIRLS
COMMENCING
NEW YEAR'S MATINEE.
Monday. January 1. and all week. Other Mat-
inees . Tuesday. Friday. Saturday and Sunday.
Jolly Girls
Extravaganza Co.
PRESENTING
AN HONEST POLITICIAN
Anil Strong: Olio of .Voveltie*
GLORINNE and th» RADItTM GIRLS: SA°M
SIDMAN. Prince of German Comedians:
GEORGE T. DAVIS,' California's Favorlt*
Barytone; BRAGG and ASHTOX. Eccentrla
Comedy Eketclr. and a Bevy of Jolly Girls, woo
can sins and dance.
Popular prices — Evenings. 15c. 23c. 35c. SCc.
75c. Mattnee». 23c: all reserved. .
eiiATIVOLIffIiE
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2.15
LAST APPEARANCE OP
ALICE NIELSEN
AND HER ITALIAN COMPANY.
Donizetti's Captivating: Opera,
DON PASftUALE
SEATS. $2. 11.50. >1. COc. AT BOX OFFICEL
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORRGW
GRAND HOLIDAY EXTRAVAGANZA.
ORPHEUS
IN HADES
REAPPEARANCE OP TEDDY "WEBB.
A TREAT FOR "CHILDREN OF ALL AGES"
PRICES— 23c, 00c, 73c.
Next-FOXY QUILLBR
FRL. ANTONIE STOLLE»S
ILLUSTRATED
Famous Paint Inzs ot tJia Old World Repro-
duced on Lantern Slides tn Their
Original Colors.
Course of Six Subjects.
Tuesday evening. Jan. 0. ROME, and Jan.
16. DRESDEN. '
Thursday evening. Jan. 11. FLORENCE.
and Jan. IS. PARIS No. 1. *
Sat. matinees. Jan. 13. VENICE, and Jan.
20. PARIS No. 2.
Season Tickets. $4.30. $3 and 52.23. Ready
Tuesday, Jan. 2.
Single Tickets. $1. 75c and 30c. R«ady Fri-
day. Jan. 3.
Box Office at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. where
complete descriptive booklets may be ob-
tained.
A T 4~* ATA T"fc B^aseo & Mayer,
ALCAZAR rrfe
. General Manager.,
MATIXEE TO-DAY— TOOTIGHT
Gorgeous Production of Mark Twain's
The PRINCE and the PAUPER
HAPPY NEW* YEAR WEEK
"With Holiday , Matinee To-Morrow
• • Th» Immensely Funny Farce.
A STRANGERin a
STRANGE LAND
" As clean as.lt Is funny!
Evesv, 23c to 75c; Mat». Sat.. Sun.. 25c to 50c
JANUARY 8— The Great Western Comedy.
The COWBOY and the LADY
ALHAMBRA
Corner of Eddy and Jonee sts. Phone East IST!
1 Belasco & Mayer. Proprietors.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
Farewell Performances of
808 FITZSIMMOXS
In "A FIGHT FOR LOVE"
Commencing To-morrcw. New Tear's Matinee.
All Week.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Colossal and Stupendouß Production of David
Belaaco's Great. Martial Drama,
T& HEART OF MARYLAND
By Special Arrangement with th» Author.
Entire Alhanibra Stock Co. in the Caat.
1C0 — People on the Stage — 100
Don't Fail to See the Great Belfry Scene.
Prices — Eves.. 10c to 50c: Mats.. 10c. 15c. 23c.
THE PALACE HOTEL for best eookmg.
THE PALACE HOTEL for quickest service.
THE PALACE HOTEL for fine* music.
THE PALACE HOTEL for modem comforts
THE PALACE HOTEL fci moderate rates.'
3536
SPORTS
PACE
ATHLETES PLAN
DIP IN SURF
Hardy Members of Both -the
Olympic and the Dolphin
Clubs to Enjoy an Outing
HANDBALL TOUBXAMENT
Unusual Interest Is Taken
in batches Being Played
in the Post-Street Court
The member* of the Olympic Club and-|
also those of the Dolphin Swimming and
Boating Club will hold their annual cross
country runs to-day, with which they
mark the end of the year.
The Dolphins will reach the beach by
tray of t*e Presidio, while the Olympians
will go out through the park. All the par
ticipants will enjoy a plunge in the ocean,
although the average man would shy at
the proposition this wintry weather.
The enthusiastic outdoor athletes who
have signified their intention of partici
pating are: .
William Greer Harrison, Captain Max
IJotenfeld. James A. Keller. D. Ledcr
man, 1^- Str&ssburger, G. A. Griffin,
George James, R, J. Graham, A. H.
Casey, -William Herrington. I. Friedman,
T. 1. rilzpaixick, A. Taylor, Luke J.
Klynn. C. M. Gough. Charles Arata, A.
Xklr.haus. W. M. Cartwright, Antolne
Schmidt, Matt Harris, Edwin Goeller, H.
Marvin, I* Kelly, Eniil Tschumi, M.
Krandenstein, C. Yatea. H. N. Canwell
Jr., J. Meßride, 1L E. Sparks, L. Lans,
Dalton McCarthy. Walter Pomeroy, Mil
ton E. Gets, J.W. Stapleton, Fred Sher
ry, J. Scott Leaxy, E. J. Dawson, S. C.
Baldwin, O. Wallfisch, C. B. Reardoa, G.
St. Clalr Kroger, J. I* McCarthy. M. R.
Gibbons, A. C. Kellogg, Frank Bull, J. M.
« asselman,- Thomas B. Smith and A. E.
Eager.
The handball tournament now in pro
gress at the Olympic Club is the most
successful, both in class and in point of
entries, ever h.eld in the Post street court.
Tlie standing of the players at the pres
ent time, as kept by Louis Levy, who has
refereed the games in an acceptable man-
B«T, is as follows:
First class — Won. Lost.
I'ted B. Bain 'J. 0
li. W. Bojran 2 0
Sec»n<! claes —
He yard Moulden 3 0
Clarence dough 2 1
1 >i . Con vprse I 1 '
V. X. Goodrich 2 1
"Jrahani Richardson 2 <>
Fred Sherry 1 ! 2
F. J. Foran 1 1
F. Wejrener 1 1
Pau! Fay 0 1
Third class— -*\u25a0>.
.'. \V. Burness 1 \u25a0 - Ot
rritz Barkan 1 1 .
T. I. FKrpatrfck 2 -2
y. E. Atkin 1 O
Max Ko*enfeld 2 0
.lames Parker 1 1
K. Herran 0 1
Kti.neth Prcufg 1 0
r. Mordmer 0 1
T. F. T>unn 4 . O
W. M. McCarthy O 1
J. r. McCarthy 2 0
Sianley Fay 1 1
A. U Ellis 1 1
1. Holmes 1 0
Fourth class —
Irrstcn K. Ranch 2 0
J . Friedman 1 1
ytnry Stein 1 1
.1. K. Cunningham 1 1
6. G. Kingbaum 0 1
IJ..C. Clapp 2 1
ji. I>. Atkinson 0 ."* I v
J . D. I>«!erman 2 O
R. G. Nichols 1 1
Spencer Deacon 3 0
X. W. Ousting 2 0
ST. HcMafcca 1 1
n. A. Henry 1 l
n J. Graham 0 1
J Folcy .. 2 0
Fernet Ferguson 0 1
**• Glnns 1 1
C.VRPEMERS AND MII.LMJ2X
WILL. SHINE OX DIAMOND
l*ro«-r«»ai» of This Afternoon*!! Game to
Be Devoted to a Mck Member
of Latter Union.
Jjascball teams representing Car
penters' Union No. 22 and Millmen's
Union No. 423 will line up this after
noon at 2 o'clock at Recreation Park
in a benefit game, the proceeds to be
devoted to John Beatty, a popular
member of the latter union, who has
been ill in a hospital for the last six
mouths. Joe Corbett and Jack SLeridan
will umpire the game, while Judge A.
I>. Lavrson will act as official scorer.
Both teams have been practicing
hard for several .weeks past, and as
there are some likely tossers on each
side a spirited 'contest is sure to ensue.
A large number of tickets have already
been disposed of and a big crowd is
looked for when time is called. The
millmen's team is in charge of Thomas
Farmer, while John J. Sv.-anson directs
th« affairs of the carpenters. The
teams will line up as follows:
Carpenters — J. Krelling, left field;
Porago. second base; O'Brien, short
stop: fiaunders. third base; Welch, cenr
ter field; Rickbaum, catcher; M. Krell
ingr, right field: Richardson, center field;
\V. Krelling. pitcher.
Millmen — W. Obenlick, pitcher; Hel
blug. second base; Gilchrist, third base;
Petern, catcher; Jenkins, shortstop;
Mahan, third base; F. Obenlick, right
field; Doherty, center field; Bradley,
left field; McCarthy, extra.
Xaele to Pitch nt Santa Roaa.
SANTA ROSA, Dec 30. — Walter Na
gle, the wonderful balltosser of the
Coast League, who is "spending the
holidays here with his parents, will
pitch for the Petaluma team in a
game of ball Sunday afternoon against
th* San Francisco nine. Xagle had
pot lost a game in the last 11 games
he pitched before Joining the League
bo he has 26 straight victories to his
credit.
The teams will be made up of San
Francisco — Wilson. Hltt or Whalen,
Frary,- Devereaux. Irwin, Gochnauer,
Hildebrand, Waldron, Williams. Pet
aluma — Howard, -Nagle, McGovcrn,
Pedigo, Reeder. Keneally. E. Ayers,
B. Aycrs, Renshaw.
Two Steamships In Collision.
JQUIQUE. Chile. Dec. 20.— The Ger
man tank steamship Sais, Captain Bar
tels. from Hamburg and London, bound
to San Francisco, has been in collision
with the British steamship Endsleigh,
Captain Baker. The Sais was not dam
aged, but the Endsleigh had a number
of plates started on the port side above
the water line and leaks.
Railroad Not Liable for Back Taxes.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Dec 30. — County
Judge Gregory to-day decided that the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad was
not liable for back taxes on tangible
and intangible property to the extent
of $40,000,000 claimed in the suit
brought by Revenue Agent Frank
Lucas.
Regensburg*s American Cigar, Imltatcgi
by others, equaled by none. 2 for 25a •
OPEN" HOUSE AT "CLUB.— Th« Union
Vsj-je Cub, Post and Stockton streets, will
keep open bouse all day oo January l.
i ' iiiiiiiiiiiiii|iiiiMg)i>rtnffHrnir»^*»«*Ms»«g
NOTED POLOISTS EN ROUTE WEST
CARNIVAL OF PASTIMES
AT CORONADO CLUB
.High-Class Sports of the Field Will' Be Pro
moted tor the Ensuing Four Months.
Pony Racing, Polo, Automobile Speed Tests,
Golf, Tennis and Pigeon Shooting included.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 30.— The Coronado
Country Club, which has been organ
ized for the purpose of promoting: out
door sports, proposes to give a veritabl*
carnival of sports during: th» months
of January. February, Maroh and April,
covering self, tennis, polo, pony racing,
pigeon shooting: and automobile racing:.
The club acknowledges the assistance
of Messrs. John D. Sprockets and A. B.
Sprockets, who have not only supplied
many of the trophies, but have provided
a racetrack, polo field, g-olf grounds and
tennis court* for the use of the club..
The golf championship tournament
will take place February 6 to 12; th«
tennis tournament will also take place
In February. The polo tournament will
begin March 1 and will continue three
days, to be followed by two days'
racing on March 4 and 6- After this
the polo tournament will continue un
til ended. The pigeon shoot will take
place early in April. It Is also pro
posed to have weekly sweepstakes for
shooting, commencing- on January 1
and ending: April 30. "Weekly tourna
ments will be held throughout the sea
son.
GOLF ALL. THIS YEAR AROUND.
Golf at Coronado all the year round
is the rule, not the exception. Some of
the rules of the game Itself are not
effective at Coronado. For instance,
there is clause E of rule 1 and tho
other references to "snow and ioe."
There is never any snow and never any
Ice, and there Is hardly a day when
the rain prevents a round of the links.
The golf instructor this year will be
Alec Taylor, late professional, of Ex
moor Country Club. Highland Park,
111.
The first club tournament will com
mence on Monday. Interest in the play
will be kept up*all through the season
by a series of tournaments continuing
to the end of March. The Coronado
championship tournament for the chal
lenge trophies will be held the week
beginning February 5. Some of tho
best of the American players have al
ready pledged their entries. There are
two trophies for the championship tour
nament, one for women and one for
men. The men's trophy for the 1905
championship tournament was won by
Walter Fairbanks of Denver. The wo
men's trophy for 1905 was won by Miss
COMBINE SPORT
AND POLITICS
Arizona People Witness
Some Excellent Harness
Eacing and Also Vote
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 30. — The Ter
ritorial fair ended to-day with the
largest attendance of the week. A
feature of the afternoon was the adop
tion of an anti-joint statehood resolu
tion, apparently unanimously, by a
standing vote of the spectators in the
grandstand, which seats 3500. and was j
packed to its capacity. Immediately
thereafter copies of an anti-joint
statehood petition were circulated
throughout the grandstand and 3200
signatures were secured.
The racing feature of the day was
the 2:03 pace between Hazel Patch
and Zolock, Hazel Patch winning three
'straight heats in 2:05^, 2:o3 'i, 2:11^.
Half an hour before the first heat
Hazel Patch ran over a man who was
crossing the track and went down in
the mix-up. The horse was bruised,
but otherwise - uninjured. The man
was seriously hurt. Hazel Patch, be
sides winning the $500 purse, received
$175 extra on an offer of the Fair
Association of $50 for every half sec
ond trimmed from the track record of
2:07, made by Zolock on Tuesday.
In the 2:17 pace, Paul D. Kelly, a
two-year-old, owned by W. C. Greene,
was entered against older horses and
won the race, pacing one heat in
2:15 5 ,4. the best time made this year
by a two-year-old. Sumrriary:
2:17 pace:
Paul V. Kelly 1 1 4 4 414 1
Fearnot 2 2 3 12
Blllr A 3 4 2 3 1
SeMon /VVitkes * 3 1.2 3
Time— 2:ls>4, 2:IT. 2:13%. 2:13%. 2:l<U.
2:22 r* c «*
Surprise 3 113 1
Victor Platte 1 2 2 18
Clara B 2 3 3 2 2
Florence Wilton 5 dr.
Sullivan 4 din.
Time— 2*l6»A. 2:17%, 2:20, 2:22, 2:22«-i.
Buttermilk won the three-eighths mile dash
in :3S, and Miss May Day won the flve
eigbths dash In 1:17 V
& the .2:22 pace Florence Wilton,
driven by Klotzbach. and owned by
Greene, turned a somersault at the
j three-quarter pole. It was at first
I feared the driver was killed, but in
i due time Klotzbach got up and drove
j under the wire. Though badly Mat
tered he continued in the other races.
TRIES TO KILL GIRL
WHO REFUSED HBI
Reject€d Lover Fires at Va
riety Actress and Her
Companion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. SO.-Dara Stewart, a re
cent arrival from the north, shot at Hilda
Davis, a variety actress, in the Detroit
Hotel at 7 o'clock to-night, and then
turned the weapon on Frank Thomas, who
was in the room and who interfered to
save the woman. The bullet aimed at the
woman went wide of its mark. The one
intended for Thomas narrowly escaped
his head. Stewart was insanely jealous of
the woman because she would not marry
him. Thomas grappled with Stewart,
while the woman attacked him with a wa
ter pitcher and beat him into insensibility.
That Stewart intended to murder the wo
man and commit suicide was apparent
from a note in his pocket; which read :
-"Bury us together. One shall rise from
the dead, the other shall pass into ever
lasting habitation. "
The Davis woman met Stewart at Fair
banks. He proposed to her and she re
fused. Stewart found her in a dance hall
. Friday night. He again renewed his pro
posals and she repulsed him.
I iiiHlPlllO'lllßltHHliil lIUbIIIIIIIWIHI ffll'l rf^ * . . .
THE SAN. FRANGISGO CALL, SUNDAY/ DECEMBER 31, 1905.
Rosamund Saltonsmll of Boston.
During the season weekly tennU
tournaments will be held, beginning
in January. The Coronado champion
ship tennis tournament will be held in
February, with a championship trophy
for men's singles and another for wo
men's singles and suitable prize* for
the runners-up, first "and second prizes
for men's doubles and the same for
women's doubles. " Some consolation
prizes will also be arranged. The
gentlemen's trophy for tennis is a cup
twenty-six inches high. It must bo
won three times to become the prop
erty of the winner. The first prize of
the tournament, whioh goes to th©
winner, ts a silver duplicate of the
trophy and stands fourteen inches
high. The women's challenge trophy
is substantially the same.
Polo and pony racing will be con
ducted by the Southern California
Polo and Pony Racing Association
and will bo rtin under its rules. The
championship polo tournament and
pony racing will take place in March.
There b a prospect of two English
teams of polo players competing in the
tournaments.
Tt'RP FIELD FOR POLO.
The Coronado polo field has been
sown to grass. It is the only turf
polo field south of Del Monte on the
Pacific Coast. It measures 900 by 400
feet. The polo challenge trophy,
made by Shrove & Co. from special
designs, consists of a large punch
bowl thirty inches high, with a diam
eter of seventeen inches, together
with four goblets each twelve inches
high. One for each player in the win
ning team. These goblets are made
in the same general design' as the
punch bowl. The trophy must be won
three times before it becomes the
property of any club. In this manner
the club that wins the trophy . will
have at least twelve goblets among
the members of the club. This trophy
is presented by John D. Spreokels of
San Francisco. There will also be a
trophy for pony racing presented by
A. B. Spreckels. The pony racing
trophy stands thirty-nine inches high
on its base. It has a' capacity of
twenty-three pints, is of solid silver
and the base is green Vermont marble.
It also must be won three times by
the same owner.
THRONG GREETS
JACK O'BRIEN
Conqueror of Fitzsimmons
Is Greeted by His Friends,
Reinforced by a Band
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. SO.— Jack
O'Brien came back to town to-day. On
the train he was touched for a $2500
check, a wallet containing $100 in real
money and a stickpin valued, by his
valet, at $250.
O'Brien wired San Francisco to stop
payment on the check, but he laments
the loss of the stickpin, which was a
gift from a host of admirers, more than
the loss of the money. When the con
queror of Fitzsimmons stepped off the
train he was seized by a crowd of
friends who hoisted him on their
shoulders and made a triumphal march
to the street, where a band in a tally
ho and a line of carriages were wait
ing. The crowd swelled to several
thousand and Philadelphia's native son
was obliged to make a speech before
the procession moved.
Jack thanked the. assemblage for
their demonstration with his charac
teristic ease and -fluency of language.
MODI2L YACHTSMEN AWAIT
SOME FAVORABLE BREEZES
Lack of Wind Haa Caused the Post-
ponement of Quarterly Regatta
on Three Occasions.
The model yachtsmen have been
compelled on three consecutive Sun
days to postpone their quarterly re
gatta on account of a lack of wind.
Two heats were sailed, one by each
section, but at a meeting of the San
Francisco Model Yacht Club held last
week it was decided to sail the regatta
over. ' . \u25a0 . .*'\u25a0\u25a0..
Donovan's Witch won the heat sailed
by the first section. As there are five
boats in this section the Witch was
credited with four points. The Presto,
owned by Stone, finished second, and
thereby earned three points.
In the second section there are six
boats. The only heat sailed: was won
by Henry London's Imp. Roeckner's
Apache was second. The latter re
ceived four points and the Imp five.
Another effort will be made to hold
the races to-day. § With a good northr
west wind the regatta could be com
ple'ted' In, one afternoon. In . the two
sections are the following boats:
First section— Brown'fa San Francis
co, Petersen's Petrel, Brannan's Alice,
Donovan's Witch and M. London's
Cricket. ' « \:
Second section— H. London's Imp,
Seavey's Spray» Donovan's Florence,
Roeckner's Apache and O'Donnell's
Neptune.
Each section ; will : sail three heats
and tho boats scoring the mo-st points
in the • sections will meet in the , finals.
The winning boat, [together with the
winner of the Washington's Birthday
regatta will have the right to chal
lenge Peter%en's Stella for the . Dickie
Perpetual Challenge Cup. The Dickie
Cvp 1 race is scheduled for February 25.
J. Brannan is building a new model
to be called Ruth. It will be com
pleted in a' week or so and will be
launched, two. weeks from .to-day. .. The
measurements are seventy-two . inches
over all,'! fourteen-inch 'beam and
seven-inch draught.-. Brannan believes
his new boat will prove a speed marvel
and he figures on winning many, races
with her.
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
CAROLAN COMES
WITH GUESTS
California Polo Player Is
Accompanied by Menzies
and by Captain Wood
HUKLINGHAM IS STEONG
These Two With Neil Haig
and F. J. Mackey Will
Prove a Formidable Team
Special Dispatch, to Th« Call.
NDW YORK. Dec. 80.— Francis J. Caro
lan, the well-known polo player of San
Francisco, who with Mrs. Carolan has
been in England for eight months, where
he played a great deal on tho famous
polo grounds, arrived to-day on the Celtio
of the White Star line. •
With Mr. Carolan were two famous
British polo players, F. W. Menziea and
Captain C. P. Wood, who are going with
him to San Francisco. »
Captain Wood was given the "distin
guished service order" for brilliant work
during the South African campaign. He
said Mr. Menzies will remain in Califor
nia about ten weeks. Mr. Carolan said
that Frank J. Mackey, the veteran Cali
fornia polo player, who . has a big estate
at Leamington, England, and is known on
every polo ground in Great Britain, will
arrive shortly, with Captain Neil Haig of
the Irish Dragoons, who is one of the best
polo men in the British army. These two,
with those mentioned, will compose the
Hurlingham team which 1 will play against
the Burlingamo quartet of California.
They will prove exceptionally strong, and
it will be difficult to make up a team at
Burlingame or elsewhere which can beat
them.
VISTIMS TELL
OF THE HAZING
ANNAPOLIS, Dec. 30.— Two midship
men of the fourth class, Isaac N. Mc-
Crary of Calvert, Texas, and Gaylord
Church of Meadvllle, Pa., testified posi
tively before the court-martial this aft
ernoon that Midshipman Stephen De
catur Jr. of Portsmouth, N. H., a mem
ber of the first class, had hazed them
on different occasions^ Decatur will,
according to his counsel,, go .•;. on the
stand on Tuesday, when the court will
again meet, and deny_under oath every
statement -which the two underclass
men made incriminating him. As the
evidence of each of . tiie prosecuting
witnesses was to separate incidents
and entirely uncorroborated, there is a
possibility that the evidence be
considered insufficient to convict, but
the apparent fact will remain, should
the latter make the denial promised,
that a perjurer is wearing the uniform
of a midshipman of the United States
navy.
Decatur was arraigned this afternoon
and pleaded not guilty to every charge
and specification. Midshipman . Me-
Crary was then called and testified
clearly and positively that he had been
hazed by Decatur, who, he said, had
sent for him to come to Decatur's room.
There tie had ordered him to stand on
his head In the closet, and he had done
so until he was exhausted. Decatur
next compelled him to do "No. 16," and
then he was ordered by some one, pos
sibly not Decatur, he said, to perform
the "leaning rest." All of these exer
cises were continued until the witness
could do them no more. The witness
showed the court the manner of per
forming 1 the two exercises. In "No. 16"
the hands were placed on the hips, and
the body lowered and raised byjt>end
ing the legs outward and straightening
them again. In the "leaning rest" the
hands and feet were placed on the floor
with the body rigid, and \the body
raised and lowered by bending and
straightening the arms.
This was designated as "No/ 7" in the
specifications, but .was apparently a
blunder. McCrary was rigidly cross
examined, but his story was not shaken.
Finally he said, in answer to a ques
tion, that he would not believe Decatur
If he swore that he had not told him
to stand on his head and perform "No.
16." -V-^r" \u25a0
Midshipman Church testified that
Decatur had ordered him to stand on
his head, but he was not so positive as
McCrary, and admitted, that he might
be mistaken. These were the only wit
nesses for the prosecution.
The remainder of the session was
taken up by witnesses who testified to
the good reputation for truthfulness
enjoyed by Decatur. - Those; who gave
this testimony were Commander W. F.
Fullam, Lieutenant Commander Ed
ward E. Capehart, Professor H. P.
Huse and Midshipman Lawrence D.
Stewart and Charles E/Hovey. * -
Decatur's counsel stated that the ac
cused midshipman will go on the stand
Tuesday and deny specifically every
statement to the eff ect> '"' that •• he had
hazed either MoCrary ; or Cnurch and
that there would be evidence ' offered
tending to establish an alibi.
Trenmore CofUnt Jr., whose trial for
the alleged hazing of Midshipman J. P.
Kimbrough was concluded yesterday,
was before the court for a brief period
and heard the record of yesterday read
and approved. It ( is practically con
coded that; Coffin has been convicted
and will be dismissed.'
Charges have" been filed against Mid
shipman . Worthwright ' Foster of New
Albany, Ind. It is specified in his case
that he hazed Midshipman Roberts of
Joliet,. 111., by compelling: him to get
under the table while eating his sup
per. . . , • •
Cofiln'ft-Fiite In the Balance.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.'— Although
the papers- In the case of Midshipman
Trenmore Coffin^ Jr.;: vwhose trial - ; by
court-martial ; on ; the charge of hazing,
which has just been concluded at An
napolis, will , bo I forwarded to the Navy
Department for ; execution,' approval by
the; superintendent of the sentence of
the court; is, by. law, ; final.. .The '\u25a0 law! of
June 23. . 1374, -provides that "any cadet,
midshipman; or.j cadet ensign ' found
guilty of having; or, said offense by
said court: shall/ upon 1 tho recommenda
tion of said court, be dismissed ; }, and
such finding, when approved : by the s'u-"
perin tendentj; shall . be : final, and ' the
cadet so: dismissed \u25a0';;frbm. the naval
academy shall forever, be Ineligible""' to
reappoiritment to said^ naval academy."
-Attorney General ; Moody/; has "ruled
that the law of March 3, 11 903, i does not
ccntrad let '?''-. the , law i: of 1874.', Prompt
action will be ' taken \u25a0 by^ the " Navy De
partment as soon as the papers are re
ceived. , \u25a0" ' \u25a0
NEALON CLEVERLY WINS
THE FLOOD HANDICAP
Charlatan,, the Favorite, Is Away
Poorly and Finishes Third.
FRED E. MULHOLAND
Not even rain, hail or the prospect of
picking winners out of the slimy, ooay,
slushy . going with grappling hooks
could deter a large, chattering, . purple
faced crowd of the faithful followers of
racing from bidding "Adiosl" to Ingle
aide yesterday for^the season.
The parting from the track wai de-
Void of tears or affection. In fact, the
great majority acted as If they didn't
care If it novar opened up again. An
Arotio breeze fanned the course until
the riders, fidgeting "about at the post
with their mounts, were possessed of
> as much action as a Lake Tahoe trout
frozen In a cake of ioe. The talent
more than held Its own though, as
I three public choices finished first. Suc
ceed, Nealon and Yellowstone were all
accorded support.
BAD START FOR CHARLATAN.
Starter Jake Holtman also had a slide
I on the ice when he gavo the favorite.
Charlatan, such a bad send-off in the
mile handicap. Jake ducked the shower,
of snowballs with the best possible
grace and endeavored to do better.
Charlatan, with Treubel up, had a de*
cided call in the betting and when the
barrier flew up the brown colt' was
turned; partly sideways. Overtaking
I'm Joe easily, Loague rushed Sir Ed
ward to the front, but .the latter
couldn't stand the pressure. Barney
Schreiber's good colt, Nealon, with
Radtke in the saddle, grabbed' the
leader about a furlong away, - winning
band-ridden only at the .tape by two
and a half lengths. The favorite stood
a hard drive, and, though leg weary and
blowing, took the show from Tenordale.
GRASSCUTTER FAILS BACKERS.-
A,Futurity course selling sprint for
two-year-olds, the curtain-raiser, wit
nessed the complete downfall of
Grasscutter, an 11 to 10 favorite.
When the barrier;, was released Mc-
Brlde beat it fully three lengths with
Succeed/while the first choice got
away all tangled up. Succeed experi
enced little difficulty in beating Avon
ella and Spring- Ban •at the finish.
Syphon Girl ran well to the stretch,
where she began backing up.
When it comes to packing a ton of
coal or towing a cargo of gold bricks
Blumenthal must be counted in on the
deal. In the welter-weight six-fur
long selling affair Louis Ezell's black
gelding opened favorite and receded to
three. Just before post time the mar
ket steadied again, 9 to 5 being the
regular quotation. Knapp had him in
front from the start, winning ridden
out from Young Pilgrim and. Tarn
O'Shanter. Olympian backed up in the
betting from 3 to 6. His race war
ranted the liberty taken.
The Call's Racing Form Chart
rVGT.ESinE — Saturday, Dec. SO. Weather mining. Track muddy.
E. C. HOPPER. Presiding Judge. • j. j. HOLTMAN, Starter.
0023. FIRST RACB— Futurity course; selling; 2-yeax-oMs; value to first. $340.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. hi. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. d.
5998 Succeed (J W. Blalock) 10S 1 ... 12 1 B 1 B^l 5 Mcßrtde ... 8 18-3
8099 Avonella (J. D. Mlllln).. 104 4 ... 4 1 2n 2 4 28 Radtke .... » 7
.... Spring- Ban (W. JU. Rodders). 106 6 ... 6 4%8Vt3 S^ T. Clark... 10 13
9000 Pentagon (Fitzgerald & Co.). lOtj ... 5 1%6 6 4 410 Russell .... 8 7
£070 Grasscutter (D. A. Hose) ICS 6 ... S% 6 n fi 5 2 Fountain .. 111-10
BG7I Syphon Girl (H. E. Rowell)... 107 3 ... 25 8 2^4 2 6 Knapp 10 25
Tims— :26V4. :62H. I:H%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:03. Succeed place. 4-5: show. 1-3. '
Avonella, place, 2 : ahow. 3-5. Ban. show. 3-2 Winner, br. f. by Barnaby or Glen
cally-Plot. Trained by J. M. Stokes. Start bad. Won easily. Balance driving. Highest
Price — Succeed. 4; Spring Ban, 15: Ura?scutter. 6-5. MelSrMe beat the barrier with
Succeed and it was curtains for th« others. ' She ran out on stretch turn as usual. Away
poorly, Avonella ran a winning race. Spring Ban did well from a clow beginning. \u25a0
Grasscutter messed about at the start, will not come from behind. Syphon Girl quit in
the stretch. , .
0024. SECOND RACJEJ— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and, up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtSt. U. M. %. Str. Fin. ( Jockey. Op. Cl.
9005 Blumenthal. 4 (L. H. Ezell). 120 4 ... I«i 1 I^l lttl % Knapp 0-3 »-5
! 8991 Young Pilgrim. 4 (I* Sage).. 120 5 ... 2} 5 2*i2 % 2 n Dlckson ... 8 8
8973 Tarn O'Shanter, 6 (Jones)... 126 8 ... S 2^3 2V43 2 3 0 F. Kelly... 4 8
8013 My Order. 3 (H. E. Rowell). I^2 8 ... 4 5 4 7 4 5 4 8 Radtke 3 9-2
8704 Foxy Grandpa. 4 (San Jose S.) 11'tS 2 ... 6 3 6 5 6 1%5 «4 H. Smith... 20 100
8903 Olympian, a (J. F. Schorr)... 132 7 ... 6n 6n «2 66 Mcßride .. 8 8
8532 MacFlecknoe, a (Schucgh)... 126 9 ... 7 % 7,4 7 3 7n* T Clark... 15 100
8533 Lone Fisherman, a (Barclay). 129 6 ... 810810 8 7 8 5 iilnder .... 30 60
SOU (Chief Bush. 3 (D. A. Broiller) 125| 1 ... 9 9 9 9 Wright .... 30 150
Time — :25. :80, 1:18. At post 214 minutes. Oft at 2:3174. Blumenthal. place, 7-10- show,
1-8. Pilgrim, place. 3; «how. 3-2.. Tarn, show, 3-5. Winner, blk. g. by Saln-Contest.
Trained by LH. Bzell. Start good. Won UDder wrajw. Balance driving-. Highest
.price— Blumenthal. 13-5; Pilgrim. 10; O'Shanter, 9-2; Fisherman 100 The people should
worry that strung with Blumenthal to-day. He won under a half-Nelson. Tc-ung
Pilgrim stayed longer than usual. Tarn O'Shanter did his beat under hard urging. My
Order had no excuses. Olympian ran to his betting figures.
8025. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selllnr; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, f 325.
Index \u25a0 Horn and Owner. WtlSt. \j. #. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey^ I Op. d.
(9007) Procrastinate, 5 (Tanner) 112 4 ... 11 1 2^l 4 14% Radtke ....I 7-5 9-10
8974 Laura F M, 5 (Came & C 0.).. 107 3 ... 2n 8 6 S 5 2 S^Loagua I 8-5 2
9014 EtsheTln. 5 (I*. I. Coggins) . . . . 112 2 ... 42 45 48 32% Fountain ..I 4 13-2
9018 Melar, 8 (R. Gutter)..... 105 5 ... 8 5 2n 2U UO T.Clark... 20 80
HbTZ Lady Keat, a. (Everett Stable) 107 1 ... 66 56 5 8-510 Reed 1 15 80
8995 Lecturer, a (J. J. Coalter). .. . 110 6 .. . fl 6 6 6 T. Stewart 1 100 2UO
Time— :24%, :49tf. 1:1 C%. At post 3% minutes. Off at 3:02%. Procrastinate, place, 1-4;
show, out. Laura, place. 8-6; show, 1-6. Esherln, show, 2-5. Winner, b. c. by C&rnegle-
Waop. Trained by C. F. Tanner. Scratched— Dr. Sherman. Silurian, Nabonassar. Start
good. Won In a gallop. Second easily. Third driving. Highest price — Procrastinata
7-0, Melar 40, Lady. Kent 40. Winner bid up from $400 to $500 by C. C. McCafferty.
Retained. Winner la a real mud lark. Laura F M not at ber beat. Too much speed
for Esherin. Melar quit.,. Lady Kent not ready.
0020. FOURTH RACE— One mile; The Flood Handicap; 2-year-olds; value to first, fSOO.
Index ;* ' Horse and Owner. Wt St. hi. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Ct.
SO9O Nealon (B. Schreiber) . . . . .. . .1106 33ft 4 2ft2 3 2 2^l 2% Radtke .... 2 ~3
(8900) Sir Edward (O.Van Gordan). 1051 2 2 3 1 V, 1 2%1 1%2 4 (Loague .... 5 lo
8900 ICharlatan (Gum & C 0.).. 113 6 4% 52 8h 8n 3 2^|Treubel ... 13-N) 6-5
900tf (Tenordale (J. F. Clifford) .... 100 4 5 %. 3n 4 4 4 10 4 3^[Roblnßon .. 6 a
9018 Governor Davis R. R. Rice Jr.) 95 16 0 585205 30 IRice 15 2O
8904 jl'm Joe (W.Q. Yanke) ...... 100| 6 I '% 2 1»6 6 d |j. Kelly .. 10 8
Time— :25ft. :50%, 1:17K, 1:44%. 'At pwt 1 mlnut*. Off at 3:26 ft. Nealon, place' 4-3*
*; show, 1-3. .Edward, place, 3; show, 3-2. Charlatan, show, 1-5. Winner, b. c. by'Sain-^
Sister JoseDhine. Trained by H. R. Brandt. Start bad. Won hand ridden. Balance
driving. Highest price — Sir Edward 11. I'm Joe 13. Loague. on Sir Edward, tried to
make. a. runaway race of it. Nsalon, hard ridden, nailed the pacemaker a furlong from
home. Charlatan was not straight when barrier went up, and his chances were greatly '
Impaired. Tenordale bumped at the start. A ona-4ilght stand sufficient for I'm Joe.
9027. FIFTH RACE— One 'mil*: selling; 4-year-olds aid upward; value to first. $325.
Index Horee and Owner. : IWtiSt. H- ft- %. *Str. Fin. Jockey. opT CL
\u25a09013 Yellowstone. 6 (W. P., Fine).. 108 1 Inll HI 2 1 2ftl 1 T. Clark... MJ ~~4
,'.)009 WarteNicht. 6 (Wilkerson).. 109 5 4% 3 4 2 1%2 Ift2 n Bock ...... *_s
(000S0 Cloche d'Or. 6 (J. Coffey).... 11l 4 5 4 4 % 4 4 33 310 CroaswaJta 3 lsDl
UCI6 Dusty Miller. 4 (Thomas) .... 108 3252 3^ 3 Ift4 4y 4 8 H* Smith.. 8 -
.8978 [Leash. 5 : (L. Levy) . . . ........ 105 23n« 4 5 n 5 3 5 2ft j" Kelly. .. 10 2ft
.9002 I Allopath.; 6 (Lamftsney Bros.) 106 6 6105^A66'61 61 Robinson "O S» '
9002 j Jack Little. 4 (White & Co.). UP 7 7 7 7 7 7 Minder .... 20 75
Time— :2G>A.:sl«i; 1:1 S .: I:4sft. At post -2% minutes. Off at 3:54. Yellowstone olace
8-5; show, 3-5. Warte Nlcht. place. 1-2; show. out. Cloche d'Or. show 2-8 bC '
, price— Warte N'icht 13-10. . ' Winner, eh. h. by Rey : El . Santa Anita-Florilla." Triin-S
by W. P. -Fine. . Start bad.," Won all driving. « Winner bid up from $500 to SIOOO h»
J. L. Ross and sold. Yellowstone was a ripe one to-day and Clark beat the gate tTnrW
vigorous riding winner stalled oft : the belated rush of Warte Nlcht With rt»»l
handling Cloche d'Or.could hay« won. Yellowstone swerved in on her th« u?.t Z.Z
\u0084-, Dusty .Miller not. at his best. Others lon : ln the mud. uiaiastpart.
, 9028. , SIXTH RACE^Seven, furlongs; selling; *3-year-olds and upward; value to first. $3^5
I ' Index 1 >: ; Horee ; and : Owner. • !Wt;3t. Vi. ft. .%. Str. Fin. | - Jockey. "op7~~ci"
i (9004) Bob Rigon.: 3 (Summers) .... 106 2J2 4:28.1 2ftl 4 1 4ft |L. Williams " <us \u25a0t «
,8937; Instructor, .4 (D. ; Fountain)... 107 5.1 n 1 n 2 5 2 5 2 3 Fountain * t's
h.:..< Critical, 3 (H. T. GrUfln).... 97 0524h4% 5 8 3 h ' jßrtiweU " « i?
:900S ChrisUne A. s(Davies & Co.) 09 46 ' 6 5 Ift4 n 4 iy> \v Sm Ith" ? <?% '
8835 Melodious 3- (Z. . Abrams) . . . . 100 14 h 3 2ft3 5 3 Ifts 10 Radtko " * ,2
1J837S Hainault. 6 UReavy & Co.): '.. lOti 33 %5 h 6 . 0 / 6 y Mcßride* ' ! ." Ill"
Tlme-^-:24r :49%. ; - 1 :17%. \u25a0• 1 :31. At post ft minute. Off at 4:22 U. . Raedn riilZ 11 «w
show.,l^4^ Instructor." place. 3-2; show. 3-5. Critical, show 4 \u25a0^Hirt,,t^i ( i I*r:1 *r :
structor 9-2. -Critical 30. Christine 5., Melodious 15 Hainault' 6. ' Wirier b p h^-V*"
. meV-Chitoee. , Trained by G. , Summers. Scratched— Escamado. Start fair W»n . ,
' up. -Balance driving. ;> Bob Ragon ;ls some pumpkins right now. He won by L £Jtf£'
splashes: as he liked. \u25a0> Instructor ran a very- good race. Critical graduanv h^t^J?^.*
position -and . will -probably, improve. Chances are Christine Adid^her^t. \SSi W "
can't-.beat' this kind. : Hainault may have imagined ft - a rehearsal but It t. '^
i Many, paid dearly .to see him run— *nd tai» is what they got. v
Procrastinate is about a ten-pound
better horse in the mud than on a dry
track. Again ridden by Radtke. the
odds about the gelding were tightened
up from 7 to 5 to 9 to 10, and he won
the third event pricking his ears. Laura
F M finished an easy second over
Esherin.
If the ring had not been soused with
Yellowstone money, the defeat of Wart*
Nlcht would have meant a good break
for the books. It so happened the
subway delegation hammered Yellow
stone down from 6 to 4. Tommy Clark
got him away sailing to a ragged start.
The good thing was straight enough
at the wire, but Bock on Warte Nlcht
could only get to within a length of
him. With an Intelligent rids Cloohe
dOr could have won.
Summers & Co.'s Bob Ragon is «.
virtuoso and no mistake when the foot
ing is damp. ; He was piloted by the
colored wizard, Leroy' Williams, in the
last, and at 7 to 5 'won under a wet
sail. Instructor ran second, a quarter
of a dozen lengths in front of Tommy
Griffin's Critical.
<! NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Radtke piloted two winners.
After winning on Blumenthal "BU
Bill" Knapp discarded the silks for
street attire.
Twenty-nine bookmakers made the
weight.
On Tuesday next at 1 o'clock Billy
Magrane will sell three two-year-olds,
bred at Antrim Stock Farm, in the pad
dock at Oakland.
Associate Judge Pettengill received
a letter recently from C. J. Fitxgerald.
The noted ex-starter stated that h«
would pay California a visit early in
the new year.
Charley Henshall held a leveo in the
paddock yesterday. Charley's horses
have been at Ingleside for some time,
while their owner has busied himself
wrestling with the Ascot Park game.
J. L. Ross, the bookmaker, secured
Yellowstone, after hiking the entered
selling price from $500 to $1000. To
fill the vacant stall W. P. Fine then
claimed Warte Nlcht for $825.
Procrastinate has displayed such ex
cellent mud form that Charley McCaf
ferty thought he would make a valu
able addition to his string. Tanner
& Co., however met a $400 boost with
the necessary $5 bid to retain.
It's strange how badly fooled horse
men can be at times. The stable
thought Hainault one of the best bar
gains on the counter and the brown
gelding was heavily played both at the
track and in the city poolrooms. He
trailed with the leaders for about half
a block and then fell back to last po
sition.
There will be an expected "exodus
of big stables here from Los Angeles
R. A. SMYTH
MILLER LANDS
ALENCON FIRST
Williams' Chestnut Son of
St. Carlo Leads Out
His Stable Mate Fireball
OUTSIDEES DO WELL
Four Long Priced Horses
Come Home to Surprise
of the Betting Talent
LOS ANGELES, Dae 30.— Th» Mount
Lows handicap was the feature of t>.«
card at Ascot to-day and was won by t^fT
| heavily played favorits. Alancon, wtS
Fireball, coupled in th* betting as ta»
Williams entry. They finished first and
second, as named, with Judge Denion
third. Th» public took a bad beating
to-day, four long shots flr.t«h<ng first,
the other two races going to favorites.
Fast time was mad* in the Mount Lo*w»
handicap. Aiancon oov«rtni the distance
in 1:13%.
Weather clear: track fast. Results:
First race, six furlongs— Tramotor. ICO
(Miller), 15 to L won; Cutter. US (Fis
cher), 9to 10, second; Orchan, 114 (Prior),
40 to 1, third. Time, 1:14. Bologna, Ba
volt. The Borgian and Bert Arthur also
ran.
Second race, one mile— Loyal Front. 107
(Booker), 12 to 1, won; W. D. Carey, 100
(Swain). 7 to 1. second: Retropaw, 105
(Harris). 7 to 2, third. Tim*. 1:40%. 8*
, cret. Hermitage, Hammeraway and Fair
atene also ran.
Third race, handicap, one and a six
teenth miles— Borghesi. 106 (Kuns). 13 to
1. won; Hippocrates. 103 (Booker), 10 to
1. second; Michael Byrnes. 98 (Miller), 5
to 1. third. Time. 1:48. New Mown Hay,
Marshal Nay, Hans Wagner and Mamo
ries also ran.
Fourth race, the Mount Lowe handicap.
six furlongs. $1000 added— -AJencon. 110
(Miller), 3 tb 5, won; Fireball. 113
(Walsh), 8 to 5. second;. Judge Denton, 95
(Wiley). 20 to L third. Time, 1:13%. Con
fessor, Skeptic, Jake Sanders, Money
Muss, Water Wagon and Chantilly also
ran.
Fifth race, mile and a half— Courant.
(Harris). 12 to 1. won; Del Coronado. AT
(Moore), 6 to 5. second; Brigand 103
(McDaniel), even, third. Time. 2:37^.
Lanark and Ml Reina also ran.
Sixth race, mile— Sun Mark, 105 (Bu
chanan), 5 to 2, won; Hersian, 105 (Wi
ley), 7 to 1, second: Gentle Harry, 109
(McDaniel). 9 to 1. third. Time, 1:42»;.
Kingstelle. Rockey. Needful. Meadow
horn, Huapala and Probe also ran.
Latham YVlna Court Tennis .Match.
NEW- YORK. Dec. 30. — At the New
York Racquet and Tennis Club to-day
Peter Latham of England, the world's
professional court tennis champion,
defeated Charles E. Sands, amateur
court tennis champion of the United
States.
during the coming week. Roxy Anga
rola. Henry McDaniels, trainer for
Tichenor & Co.: James Blute and one
or two other prominent owners at
Ascot Park have written for stable
room at Oakland. Miller, the crack
lightweight rider, comes with the
Angarola horses.
La Sarelere Beat* Forounter.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 30.— Fair Grounds
racing results:
First race, six furlongs— Bob May won.
Whippoorwill second. Optional third.
Time. 1:17 4-5.
Second race, mile and seventy yards-
Bonnie Prince Charlie won, Harmakis
second. Dr. Hart third. Time, 1:50 2-5.
Third race, five and a half furlongs,
handicap— Cousin Kate won. Rolla sec
ond, Stockwood third. Time, 1:09 4-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Sp*^L,
handicap— La Sorciere won. Formast-F
second. Lady Vashti third. Time. 1:1 a.
Van Ness finished third, but was disqual
ified for fouling.
Fifth race, two miles— Louis Kraft won.
Cashier second, Captain Bob third. Time,
3:43.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards-
Fair Calypso won, Henry O second, Athe
na third. Time. 1:51.
Teat Stakes for St. Joseph*
NEW ORLEANS, Deo. SO.— City Park
racing results:
First race, mile and an eighth— Little
Elkin won. Monochord second, Tapiola
third. Time, 2:€ l 2-5.
Second race, mile and seventy yards—
Grosgrain won. Big Bow second, Covina
third. Time. 1:54 2-5.
Third race, seven furlongs, the Test
stakes— St. Joseph won. Orbicular second.
Czaraphlne third. Time, 1:17 1-5.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs-
Wood- Claim won. Lady Consuelo second.
Planet third. Time, 1:12 1-6.
Fifth race, five and a half - f urlong»— R.
U. Am won, Lieber Gore second. Gentian
third. Time, 1:12.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs—
Zabil won. Sir Andrew second, O. Ed
Grillo third. Time, 1:10 1-6.
Shipbuilding Plant Burned.
BAY CITY. Mich.. Dec. 30.—The'en
tire plant of the American Shipbuilding,
Company in this city was destroyed r>A
fire to-night, entailing a loss of oveir^
$250,000. The fire started at 11:30 in
the furnace shop and quickly spread to
the other buildings.
A St. Petersburg newspaper states
that the only reason the reconstruction
of the Russian fleet has not been begun
yet is that tho Government has not de
cided whether to use turbine engines
or. not.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
SAPPH=
DIAMOND
MOST TALKED ABOIT OF AW MOD-
ERN' INVENTIONS.
You see them every day and call them
genuine. Many have paid the price of
the real, and after years find they pos-
sess only that beautiful product of mod-
ern science, named after the - sapphire
next in hardness to the diamond, the
Sapph-Diamond.
This wonderful gem Is the only prod-
uct ever known to science to have the
same high polish, perfect cut. Ore and
brllllnncy of nature's real gem.
Positively set only In solid lt-karui
\u25a0olid sold mountbucs.
On exhibition and sale (electric Heh'*
unnecessary) side by side with reff
diamonds. Catalogues on request..*^!
World's Greatest Diamond Imitati^M
JOHN C. DAVIDSON
(Exclusive Western Palace.)
- 124 KearnT St.. Son Franclac*. CaLFOLLY REIGNS
AT PRESS CLUB
Many Clever People Help to
Make New Year's Jinks
Seem Like a Carnival
HONOR THE PRESIDENT
John McNaught Is Presented
With a Reading Lamp
• by His Brother 3lembers
The carnival spirit which only comes to
Ban Francisco at the year end vras
(Strongly In evidence at the Press Club
last night. Some of the cleverest people
lo the city were there bent on carrying
out the Press Club's motto:
-
Let the world slide, let the world co;
\u25a0 A fie :"or care, a fie for woe.
. As the visitors entered the door they
r>er c pelted with confetti and made aware
,«f the fact that it was to be a night for
folly. As the brimming steins circulated,
wits were sharpened and good nature In
creased.
There was an impromptu programme.
«uch as no theater couid boast, for the
artiFts performed just out of good fellow
ship. The programme and the fun lasted
into the -early morning.
The only period where a little serious
ness was allowed to interrupt the fun was
when John McXaught. president of the
club, was presented with a beautiful read
ies lamp in appreciation of the Interest
he has taken in the club and what he has
done for it. The. presentation speech was
made by Attorney "Billy" Barnes.
Liouis Stelimann. th-e poet, read a paper
on New Year's resolutions. In contrast
with many attempts to do something new
In this line, Stellmann's attempt was a
screaming success. The paper was illus
trated by clever cartoons drawn by
Frank Keane. .:....•:
Haig Patlgian, the well-known local
sculptor, who Is one of the Press Club's
"Old Guard," exhibited some clever
sketches. Roy Folger gave some Chinese
Imitations.
The Westminster choir, on a tour of the
\u25a0world, dropped in. Master Trevors, a boy
soprano, was encored. Homer Henley, the
well-known local barytone, was enthusi
astically applauded. M. Price of the
Bostonians was one of the visitors who
"helped out." Others who did stunts
were: Dudley Causton, XL Rossignol,
r iTdo Waldrop, Xat Landsberger, Jack
I-Noyes and Mr. CknhalL
The crowd lingered in the eoiy rooms
almost "till the daylight did appear."
PERSONALS.
** ™ Max Mayer, prominent In business
circles in Portland. Ore., is spending
the holidays in San Francisco.
Colonel G. W. Hazen, a leading attor
ney of Portland, Ore.. Is at the St
Francis.
John W. Hare and wife, of Redding,
are at the Grand.
Arthur B. Watson, who has been seri
:; ously ill;; with the grippe the last ten
----days, is*iow convalescent. r *~n->
A. W. Thornton, prominent in In
surance circles in Seattle. Is at the St.
Francis.
' Toll Thompson, manager of the
London Assurance Association in' Port
land, Ore., accompanied by his wife, is
at the St. Francis.
Charles T. Henshall and Mrs. Hen
shall of Los Angeles are registered at
the Hotel St. Francis.
J. J. Meyers and Mrs. Meyers are
registered at the Hotel St. Francis.
Elliott Kelly, a newspaper man of
Salt Lake, Is at the Hotel St. Francis.
Paymaster Nicholson, U. S. N., is at
the Hotel St. Francis.
Adolph Fleishman, one of Los An
ffeles' prominent young business men,
is at the Hotel St. Francis.
CaHforniant ia New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco — F. B. Winston, at the
Earlington; A. Chundelap, at the Her
ald Square; J. Cyras, at the York; G.
Fitzgerald and wife, at the Broadway
Central; H. C Lillls, at the Martha
Washington.
My Special §
a
g - This Knife has had atremen-
\u25a0 dous sale during the pa*t four
I months. There is a reason:
I Briefly, It is because this Knife
[ is equal in quality to any other
11.50 Knife,. It is of graceful
shape and convenient size for
either lady or gentleman. It
never falls to give entire £1 flft
satisfaction. My price wIiUU
Mail orders promptly filled.
Kaxors Honed and Ground.
Iloiilntr, 25c
— «— -
| THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
lOOS Market St.. San Frnavlnro
Without Pain or the Knife
rislula, PiJes,
Rectal Fissure, &Jf^§pj
Rectal Ulcers, §ma&2%B
n;-irrV.««-. F - R WESION, M.D.
U I Q r m 0 ea, San FrancUco's Cele-
\ — M\^t-^M' brated Specialist In
tnatgeStlOn, Rectal and Intestinal
Fiafllfpnrv £>%\u25a0*% Diseases, who treats
ridlUienCy, CtC. paUenU personally.
I make no charg-e for consultation
and examination.
If possible, call on me' for consulta-
tlon. If not. write to-day for my new
47-pasre !llu»(r,,ird
1^ TOEE BOOK,
P^ectal and Intestinal diseases— Their
rause and Cure, 1 with testimonials. '
FRANK R.WESTON,M.D.
• TAYLOH STY COR. MARKET, 8. F
Office Hours, 10 A, M, to 4 P. XL i
CALHOUN SELECTED
FOR PRESIDENCY.
Succeeds Arthur Holland as Head of Unite
Railroads and, Latter Is Banqueted. x
NEW YORK CAPITALIST. WHO HAS BEEN ELECTED PRESIDENT OP THE
UNITED RAILROADS IN THIS CITY. SUCCEEDING ARTHUR HOLLAND,
WHO HAS RESIGNED AND WILL RETURN EAST.
Patrick Calhoun was elected president
of the United Railroads system yesterday
in place of Arthur Holland, who sent in
his resignation as chief executive of that
corporation some three months ago.
Mr. Calhoun Is the largest individua*
stockholder In the company, owning one
third of the stock.
It is not expected that Mr. Calhoun will
make his residence here, as he has many
interests scattered throughout different
sections of the United States that demand
his attention, but it is his intention to
make frequent visits to this city to keep
the system" up, to the times.
Following the meeting of the board of
directors of the United Railroads a ban
quet was tendered to Arthur Holland, the
retiring president of the company, at an
uptown restaurant. The entertainment
was a handsome affair. The hosts and
guest of honor eat at an Immense round
table, laden with great clusters of holly
branches and long-stemmed Christmas
chrysanthemums.
Charles Holbrook was tbastmaster of
the occasion. During the banquet a mag
nificent solid silver meat service was pre
sented to the guest by.Tirey L. Ford on
behalf of the employes and officers of the
company. Nearly everybody present made
a short talk, but there were no speeches
of a formal character.
Those present were W. M. Abbott, F.
F. Bodler, C. D. Baldwin, M. H. Brons
don, James P. Brown, Dr. W. B. Coffey,
J. J. Cassidy, G. F. Chapman, J. M.
Duane, George K. Ford, Tirey L. Ford, S.
L. Foster, M. J. Green, A. J. Griffith,
Charles P. Gales, J. H. Handlon, E. D.
Hlbbs, Charles Holbrook, A. Holland, W.
C Lane, A. A. Moore, L. E W. Pioda,
F E. Sharon. G. E. Starr, A. K. Stevens,
G. B. Willcutt and H. .V. Willcutt-
FORMER COLLEGE MEX TRY
THEIR HANDS AT ACTIXG
Members of the University of California
Club Successfully Present a
One-Act Skit.
. The members of the University of
California Club started off early last
night to welcome in the New Year. A
good attendance gathered In the cozy
clubrooms and celebrated the evening
with jinks and a one-act skit : entitled
"The College Wld."
It was the first attempt of the mem
bers in histrionic art, and it can safely
be said that they made good. Though
named somewhat similar to Ade's clever
piece the skit was entirely different in
plot. The author tried to picture the
great sport as It may be in the future
when the reformers of the game, get
in their work. E. M. Hecht, cast in the
role of trainer of the team, showed
himself to be very capable in portray
ing the tough act. Gus Keane as an
athletic girl was real lady-like. The
cast was made up of the following
members: Gus Keane, Lester B. Chem
lnant, Paul Castelhun, Harry L. Pad
dock, E. M. Hecht. G. H. Taubles, Mark
H. White, R. J- Nicholls, W. B. Conklln
and J. Bou6e.
Unity. Club Holds Election.
The Unity Club held an election on
December 21 and the following officers
were elected for the ensuing year:
President, W. J. Corlett; vice president.
E. A. Kennedy; secretary. J. B.
Clarke: treasurer. R. L. Harrington;
auditor. R. E. Brabham; board. of di
rectors — Paul Sebotlch, William Wel
<Jon. C. J. Prouty, J. A. Cranford, C. B.
Ensign.
Struck Down by a Car.
Edward W. • Eustace, a laborer, re
slding in Berkeley, was struck by:, a
street car on Market street, hear Bat
tery last night and sustained painful
lacerations of the scalp , and body.
Eustace attempted *to cross In front
of the car.. He was treated at the
Harbor Hospital. S&B9
Car Strike* an Aired Man.
Henry Morris, proprietor of a lodging
house at 309 Fifth street, war run down
by a Valencia . street : car/at \ Fifth , »nd
Market streets late last night and suf
fered a fracture of the left thigh bone.
He was treated at the Central; Emer«
grency Hospital.
THESAN FRANGISGO CALL, DECEMBER ;31, 1905.
SAILOR TRACKS
A HIGHWAYMAN
After Three Weeks' Search
Henry Hobson Finds One
of Trio Who Held Him Up
LEADS EXCITMG CHASE
Patrol men Eun Down Henry
Braun, a Daring Footpad,
Pointed Out by the Salt
For nearly three weeks Henry Hobson,
a sailor on the United States transport
Thomas, searched the city to locate three
men jj who had held him jup and robbed
him on the Ingleslde road. \ Last night
Hobson's efforts were rewarded and he
discovered Henry 'Braun, the man who
had ransacked his pockets, at the corner
of Grant avenue and Market street. The
latter was arrested by Policemen Klssane.
and Drlscoll after a long chase and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
robbery. • j• ;
Three weeks ago Hobson was walking
along the Ingleslde road, when he , was
confronted •by three men. Two of them
were armed and held pistols at* the 'sail
or's head. A third man went through the
victim's pockets and took i about $60 in
coin and a gold watch and chain valued
at about WOO. Hobson said nothing about
the affair after he reported. lt to the po
lice, but he started a systematic search
about the city for the , culprits. , None of
the men were masked and Hobson had a
good opportunity to '\u25a0\u25a0 study/ their coun- 1
tenances. He started 'out from Uhe ship
each, night -with but a small. amount of
'money In his pockets and visited the vari
ous resorts In , the tenderloin' and on . the
Barbary Coast. He had about $700 on
deposit in \ %he safe aboard the Thomas,'
and he determined to spend it all, If
necessary, in bringing the. thieves to" jus
tice.
Last night Hobson ? started out on his
usual mission. He visited different points,
of interest, and was about, to, return *;tb:
the ship when he sighted Braun/ on Mar
ket street. He called | Patrolmen Klssane
and Drlscoll, but when Braun / saw the
two officers approaching him " In ' company
with Hobson he took to flight. The chase
lasted nearly three blocks. Near, the cor
ner of - Turk \u25a0 Braun was captured and
even then offered resistance. After being
handcuffed he was sent to- the .Central
station," where the charge of robbery was
made against him. - ; i-
IRISH VOLUNTEERS GIVE
FOURTEENTH ANNUAL • BALL
Compa ny A Sboirt Its Skill In the
Manual ' of Anni and ! Innpectlon '
V ; .Follow*.
Company A. of .the Irish Volunteers
gave \ its fourteenth ; annual . military,
ball in Native : Sons' Hall. 414 Ma3on
street, last evening. The haHv^.wa.B
beautifully - decorated, 'with greehj
orange . and white. * and I over the ( or
chestra stand ; was a '- large - emblem "^ in
Gaelic ; characters iwlshing ".those pres
ent a thousand > welcomes. - . '» '\u25a0-
? Nearly,' 400 couples .-were : - In i'the
grand march,' whioh!, was '; led:, by I Cap
tain 1 and Mrs.V H.., B. ; Filgate. - followed
by members^ In :. uniform.*.^ After,?-; the
grand \u25a0 march the : company, gave : an ex.-*,
hlbltion. in' the ; manuallof ., arms.; I In
spection by ' Captain ; H;? B.) Filgate and
the, League of the Cross. Cadet* staff
followed.- ; ;v •.'\u25a0".'•"•'-'-.
George iH.-Bahrs, Civil Service :i: i Com
missioner/? and ' formerly Judge a ot« the
Superior Court, has I' returned 'to ' ~ the
city improved In \u25a0 health.
ANGELO NAPOLI
IS CONVICTED
Jury Brings; in a Verdict
of Murder, butEecoinmends
That Court Extend Mercy
ACCUSED IS' UNMOVED
Judge Cook Will Pronounce
Sentence Next Saturday
and Defense Will ; Appeal
The big clock of the Hall of Justice
wasvslowly clanging the noon hour \u25a0 yes
terday when Hugh Fraser* elected spokes
man of 'the jury trying Angela ; Napoll
for the murder of Giuseppe Brogardo,
rose to his feet, gray-haired, long-bearded
and patriarchal, and to the question of
Judge Carroll ; Cook solemnly answered,"
"Yes, your Honor; we have arrived at a
verdict." . '.
He passed a slip of yellow paper to the
clerk cf the court, who passed it on to
the Judge. Upon this' bit of paper, the
scrawl of which :held the fate -of a mani
the Judge glanced rapidly, returning It to
the clerk. The clerk; standing up, read
with loud voice, "We, , the jury :In the
case; find the defendant guilty: of murder
in the seaond degree and recommend him
to the mercy, ot the court." . •
Napoll -.was sitting below the clerk, his
Fedora hat crushed between his
'strong hands, and the words that were
pronouncing his guilt fairly cascaded upon
him. He gave a quick upward look as the
clerk . began, and when ;the reading had
ended he was still staring upward blank
ly. He had not understood. : He then
turned to A. B. Treadwell, his counsel,
who sat next to him, and peered up into
his face questioningly,. with an expres
sion, almost simian, of confidence and
trust. Treadwell repeated the verdict to
him in a whisper,* and Napoli sank back
into his chair, seemingly satisfied. . It'is
doubtful if even then he understood, but
to hear the thing in the .voice of his de
fender was evidently a relief, robbing
him of fear. ,-' '.; :
WI FE H E AR S VERDI CT.
Behind, within the outer railing, sat the
wife of the accused. /All morning, as
during the entire trial, she had sat there,
humbie, poorly clad, lacking In beauty,
her dark eyes fixed upon her husband In
simple adoration. And when . the clerk
had pronounced the words that made of
the father of her children *"a convicted
murderer, she was still there, motionless
her eyes still fixed in that look of wistful
respect and love. She also, probably, had
not understood.
The court convened at 10 o'clock
and it was 10:30 when Judge Cook be
gan his charge to the jury. This lasted
only half an hour. The Judge went
over the cardinal principles of criminal
law." He emphasized the • doctrine
which says that an accused must be
convicted only if therels no reasonable
doubt of his guilt. He defined the dif
ferences between murder in the first
or second degrees and manslaughter.
He charged the Jury to give credit all
testimony, even that of the accused, but
to give it importance in proportion to
the clearness IJ and > apparent candor of
the witnesses. •"".".- - : '
Napoll listened to the charge far
more attentively than he had listened
to the arguments' on the previous} day."
Once, when Judge" Cook, in 'defining the
different degrees of murder/ said, "For
murder in the first degree death or;im-;
prlsonment for life is the penalty," the
prisoner's eyes .blinked/ rapidly and
grew moist. . * ./' .':
WAITING FOR JURYMEN.
At 11 o'clock the charge* was fin
ished and the jury withdrew to the lit
tle room at the back of the court; for
deliberation. Judge Cook employed
the time In hearing =motlons from coun
sel in other; cases. Napoll sat at the
central table withln> the" outer railing,
seemingly unconcerned. Once he po
litely handed to an attorney who was
leaving-, after securing a postponment,
the tall shiny, silk hat which he had
left on the table. From the jury- room
came no sound, only at : intervals a
shadow passed behind the glazed-glass
door,' the s"hadow probably of .the juror
that was collecting, the votes of his fel
lows., At 11:30 o'olock the buzzer of
the jury-room sounded. Bailiff Abe Solo
mon went into the Jury-room, .came out
again almost immediately /and whis
pered something to Judge Cook. " The
Judge shook his head negatively, the
bailiff returned to the jury-room, popped
his head in,' then out again, and re-^
locked the door. George F. Wells, the
clerk :of - -the court, ,. asked — Napoli;
"How's everything?" "I don't ; know,",
answered Napoli,' with an open' gesture
of both hands, a shrug and a smile.
NAPOLI BOASTS OF 'STRENGTH.
Later Napoll, wearied with the wait,
began to talk to bystanders .; about
himself. He said that \u25a0he had traveled
with the wrestler Muldoori f pr, four
teen 4 years and was still the champion
of the world .at 145" pounds.. He told
of -having' killed an : 800rpound bear
with his hands once in ; New; York. He
was then I engaged in .a wrestling act
on -the stage with the , bear,' whose
claws ."; were encased in gloves. >. The
gloves slipped : off and the bear, began
to : claw Napoli in^ the throat/'maklng
wounds, of which he showed the scars
to" :the -listeners. \ Napoli seized the
bear by'the lower ; part of the body! and
pitched; him Toff -the. stage, breaking his
back apd killing him. ... V
\u25a0 Ati 11:45: the jurymen's buzzer . be
gan to sound again 'for; the final time.
There ,waß "a singular, delay.; about the
entrance, of the Jurors, however. Go
ing into the Jury-room Bailiff J Solomon
incautiously closed . the door behind
him, locking himself in. The door.has
&"*\u25a0 spring ; ; lock ' and { cannot be opened
fromiwithln. -The unlucky .'bailiff/; with
all I the jurors, found^hlmself ; Impris-:
oned and there .was lusty, knocking:, ai
the i d00r. , ; At length . Clerk }.Wells. ', un
derstanding the ; situation,; ran ; ~ down
the . stairs iand out - Into ,the' street, re
ceiving : there i the keys, which the bail
iff threw' out;of^the window. It; was
12 o'clock sharp _when the Jurors, freed
at last, gavel their verdict. ,
Conviction iof murder iin \ the "second
defirrebTentalls j imprisonment ifrom ten
years • to '.?. Hfe.; : Next ; Saturday . Judge
Cook will I impose ' sentence ' and ; Attor
ney" Treadwell, Tlfi he is^of; the. same
mind' as -yesterday,- will move for a
new trial.. , > .
Decree In ; Libel ' Case.
-United States District Judge de Haven
yksterday,; by J agreement V; of t counsel,
handed* own I a decree i awarding? /the
libelant;'s276l;:bf $260 da to:be
paidC H.T T. • Payne, ; in£the 'i euit ; of '\u25a0 the
Crescent' Clty;.Transportation ; Company
vs. r ; the steamship I Oregon. X The I libel if of
the same llbelant against the San' Fran-"
Cisco i and: Portland Steamship Company
was dismissed by consent.
the; *
roosevelt bears
IN NEXT ;
CALL. V
WOMAN INVADES
AUTHOR'S HOME
;Young Bride of W&tts-Dun
ton Becomes a Member of
Household at "The Pines"
NOVEL PLEASES FRANCE
"The Suicide of Pierre La
brique" the New Literary
: Sensation Among Parisians
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Dec. . 30.— Among: those
who take, an interest in literary mat-"
ters. ; the topic: of .the moment, in this
country is the recent: /marriage \u0084of., of .
Theodore ' Watts- Dunton. the famous
critic and authorl of "Aylwin." The
event is of special Interest partly be
cause" of the fact that, though the dis
tinguished critic and author is over
60, his bride is only 23, and partly
because of the changes which it' will
cause in one of the most celebrated
literary households in England. ' This
is,; of course, the mansion known as
'The Pines" in the London' suburb of
Putney, where for; over thirty years
the author of "Aylwin" and .Charles
Algernon . Swinburne, the greatest liv
ing English poet, have lived a life of
practical seclusion.
"For many years Swinburne's physi
cal condition has , made the presence
of a- devoted friend \ practically a ne
cessity to him, and "Wattls-Dunton has
been that .friend, .The two distin
guished authors have been friends
ever since their, youth, and when
Swinburne's mother died she left the
author of ; "Aylwin".' a large sum of
money, with the pathetic request , that
ho would be responsible thenceforth
for his famous . comrade's welfare— -a
trust that' Watts-Dunton at once^ ac
cepted and has loyally carried out. '
Of recent years visitors to "The, Pines"
have been few.: the two authors having
been at home only to some of their old
est - literary acquaintances— Thomas Har
dy,"- Alfred Russel Wallace and George
Meredith among the number. Swinburne,
particularly, seldom, quit his famous li
brary, which is one of the features of
"The Pines" and contains over 10,000 vol
umes. . . ':' .
SEW DOMESTIC ARRAIV GEMEN'T.
The former Miss Clara Reich," who Is
now Mrs. Theodore Watts-Dunton, Is -a
pretty and accomplished girl of Putney,
who, as a child, was a favorite with
Watts-Dunton. , Several ;! years ago she
became his amanuensis and also won' the
regard of his famous comrade at "The
Pines." The news of her marriage to the
writer, who is \ nearly forty years her
senior, came,' however, as ,a -, srreat sur
prise to the acquaintances of both par
ties. .
It was supposed at first that the cele
brated comradeship between Watts-Dun
ton and Swinburne would now be sever
ed, but Instead it seems that Mrs. Watts-
Dunton will only make a third in the
household of "The Pines.", To make this
new domestic arrangement possible, the
adjoining house has been taken, wherein
the celebrated Swinburne library will be
installed, but^otherwise will
go on as ;befofe, except that the former
"bachelors' hall" of the two . famous
writers will be presided over by a woman.
Probably Theodore" Watts-Dunton Is
now best known v as the author of "Ayl
win," his famous story of gypsy life,
which was; published eight years ago,
though long before Its appearance the
author had won worldwide fame as a
po«it and critic. The friend of Borrow,
Watts-Dunton edited ; "Lavengro," • was
associated with Leigh Hunt and later on
with William Black in ""The Examiner."
Now he Is the chief reviewer of the Athe
naeum, which is the most dignified and
authoritative literary journal in this
country. ' Watts-Dunton wrote "Aylwin"
when he , was only 25 years old," and It re
mained unpublished for so many years
only because its author never dreamed
that it would be successful. The romance
Is now in its twenty-eighth edition, and
was the only modern hovel included in a
recent edition, of classical works.
NOVEL CREATES SENSATION.
: .Across tha channel everybody- is; read-
Ing a new, novel called: "The Suicide of
Pierre Labrique," which has such an in
genious plot and is so well done gener
ally that it-Is pretty, sure to be translated
into English before -long.
Written" by : Jean ] Jullien, "The Suicide
of ; Pierre '{ Labrique" is all about a " de
spondent young poet's attempts to .oblige
the authorities to assist him in quitting
an ' unappreclatlve world. .Pierre " La
brique is ;the- versifier in question. Ho
has gained enough recognition through
his poetic works to convince him that, he
is a genius, ; but -the public declines to buy
his | books, so in w order , to ] avoid starving
to death he determines to ! commit hara
kiri in an original way. '\u25a0' -
"\u25a0'\u25a0: Some years before the -murder of a
banker- named Hurelle, whose "corpse
was -pitched out "of a train '\u25a0near, the
Plalne St. Denis, hadj startled all Paris,
but; the. murderer was never brought to
justice,"; and Labrique plans to gef him-:
self | executed in the unknown assassin's .
stead, Sor in a Montnfartre caf e. where
several reporters are ; gathered, the poet
asserts that Hurelle was murdered
only., for the. money In his pocket,and
the trouble begins.; Several . papers an- ,
nounce at once that -the. Hurelle affair
will soon be ; reopened, -;and . Pierre ; hjm
aelf is ! summoned before a Judge to ex
plain what he> meant: by the; assertion.
As .' he *, naturally." cannot 4 give - the (true
explanation,'-! he '\u25a0 is < committed to prison
as the i long-eought-f or | and
the tags and) tail-ends of plots Which
are " found ; in ! hfs 'desk : are ; twisted into
proof * against . him. \u25a0 Both r his real and
assumed 'Indignation jonly serve to ex
asperate both. Judge Jand jury, and* al- ;
though * : his advocate works ,, hard: for
ex^tenuating I .'- \u25a0• circumstances : ? on . V.the
ground ;that the is slightly. Insane, '-he' is
condemned; to the guillotine. ;«."\u25a0/ .
Once in the death"; ceJl,; however, the
prospect of destruction seems a ; good deal
less attractive ;to Labrique than his Tfan'cy,
had s painted- it. and his only .consolation
is the bouquet which is sent him every, day
by C en 'unknown ; feminine ' admirer. \ But
just |. at I the critical? moment ; the ; poet ; Is
saved. "A ;' stockbroker *l confesses ; that ': it
was \u25a0he and : not Pierre VwhoT^ took \ off i Hu
relle for motives .which turn' the crime In-"
, to , a : kind of ; savage ; justice. " : : Pierre is re
leased and marries: the donor, of the bou
quets ','< who , turns out , to : be , the millionaire
wldoW;Of- aVChicagOf pork-packer. .' ;
•\u25a0In \u25a0 abandoning 1 Parnassus - for . the trans-
Atlantic .; . packing-house, his literary
friends tell ; him I that \ he . has indeed com-:'
mitted: suicide; ?butllie}-retorts'that,^wlth
hla P. experience,: he t. fln^ 3 1- this ; the •\u25a0 more
comfortable yway of doing iitv: The book Is
a; slaahing "satire' on French ; criminal jus
tice ;a3 .well as "• the '\ literary : life in \u25a0 Paris,
but \u25a0; Is well worth for its ; story
alone."; • •• \'_- .': . - ;.' V :-'. \u0084 .. \u25a0
Snn Sovlno : Palace Repaired.
; ;.y ENtCB, T > Dec.' ! 30.— -The - corner of ; the
famous « San ? Sovlno % Palace, 1 ? 1 containing
the ; Royal s Library, 'l which j was cut «: by.
the 'of l,the Campanile fin 1902.
has ,been restored "without requirlng.the
demblltion*;Of l?< that ', "part which was
thrown'oiit of (place: ;,: v
i: SATS - HE '\u25a0'• IS - DEMENTED.— Mrs. ; ': Carrie
Morgan' of : 311? Grant , avenue i had - Ed ' Meyers
arrested i yes#irday . on ; the : charge ' that he i was
insane. . She claima I that \u25a0he threatened to kill
her. .'-•\u25a0 v" : , \u25a0\u25a0;'"\u25a0.\u25a0 ' ' ' \u25a0' : '.y, \u25a0 ':;:.'\u25a0_\u25a0- .
I: . I : want to help^men who are weak in vitality,
jdS®3^'.' who are nervous, "despondent and lacking In
Es%!3^^\ S self-confidence; who feel as if old age was
wf|f9t '•'-" .'\u25a0':\u25a0 coming on too soon because of the dulling of
i&ilMslxr^M I ~s?Wti ?-\u25a0 w '^ n0 ! ta^ e any man ' s mone .y
Tffßff I ifl / l * 1S case > ncura hle by my Electric
ixl-K^ c^ t- want you to be sure of that,
: KSr^^~iwfcsPiy£* ant^ s0 xna^ ce c following offer:
SeSt^m 1 * j will pat « 1000 IN GOLD
ffECTffiß(lffi5 l M\JtaiJs^r*'» To any weak man who uses my new-
. JMBM;:;,%%^yjr>tnW«s- s> ly Improved Electric Belt (as I dl-
HKBffilßiß }^\ l^-SfelN!C^ rect and takes proper care of hlm-
Miß'"''-' : * :f iH ifflL^j , \u25a0 self ) tf I cannot, make him sound
BSSSSa I" : ~Wx!}lWm& No man who n eed» my treatment will
KSBBKfiSBB doubt my ability to cure htm In the face
' flSfll ClflSUßg' ' i^l&SMi&k ot tnls offer, and If you, reader, belong
• JKffflffl ßßr?:{fiflißgM7«B3frel ln the class of half-men. I want you to
conio to me at once and let ma show
-^^ BBSKMBHWrMBBa you that I can do for you what I have.
IllmfllHjJw/H™ 9**"^ . for thousands of other m«n as bad or
- - Half moon Bay, Cal. Casper Cal.
Dr. McLau-hlln. **- McLaarhUn.
.Dear Sir: In answer to your letter will JS'^tnV L5Vm SFtSSUt
say that in three months your treatment tell you how much better I f««L Ta«
curea me completely of a severe caie of pains In my back ar« gone anil my dtiei-
varicocele. losses and [tadlffrtlw. What S'a^S!
more can I say for It? It did all and quence the cause of. the* sever*, rfaaumatla
more than I expeoted. and I will gladly V^ns **s P«««« away. It Is no uu-
recommend It at any. time. Tour, truly. gSf^-.g t'rVJoU "** **"
JOE FURTADO.. : JOS. WHITaLiRg. •
\u25a0". I bank on Electricity.- It Is a power that will put more life Into any-
thing living. It will restore paralyzed limbs: It is life to weakened or-
gans; it drives away, pain. It is doins? these things every day, and why
.not for you? Are you incurable? Are you so far gone that there ts no
hope for you? Are you a physical wreck?. If you are, then come to me.
I can cure you.'and I will. •-•\u25a0
Why saj\more? Isn't this enough? Aren't you convinced that I can
cure you? If you want more proof, tell me where you are and I can give
you names of people near you. You can see them and ask them what I
have dona for them. The word of an. honest man cured Is worth morb
\u25a0 than all argument, and I have thousands: of them.-
Now don't delay. Enjoy all the happiness you may In this world. .
You can have none without health and strength, s
FDFF RnnV "Write me to-day ™ "™ 1O!!!I=!: " !: "* :B = JJ ™ Bia ™««^""'"™i™"i«"«««
TKLC DUUIV f Or my beautiful n^ If p lf/,1 «--«,1.1«^
illustrated book, with cuts showing Ul\ ill* L. iIICLStI OTfI IITI
how my Belt is applied. Jull of w * * I *.*'*»«*»sUllU
good reading matter for men who OfliS MsirLrfT <S4-t*oA-f
want to be "The Noblest Work of yuu "WfKCI OlPeei
God !",7~ A 1 "- clo , se thl f ad. and Above Ell!*.; - San Francisco
,1 will send this book, sealed, free. t» «i c
:CALL' TO-DAY — If you can, call _\u0084 " i£-*i-b
end see me and I will show you Please- send me your book. free.
\u25a0how, you can be cured and give you . \ . . c; . .
a free test of my Belt. CONSUL.- NAME ....i
TATION ;FREi:. .
Office. Hours: S a. m. to Sp. m. ADDRF«?q
Sundays, 10 to 1. ; « APDRfcS3
Drujcr Clerks to Hold fOpen House."
The San Francisco Drug Clerks' As
sociation will hold their annual "open
house"' to-morrow, from 10 a. m. to
10 p. m.. In Banquet Hall, Pioneer
building. The drug clerks of the city
and their friends are cordially invitod
to participate in the festivities.
Lumber Dealers Will Dine.
The annual dinner of the San ( Fran
s ctscp = Lumber i Dealers' Exchange will
be held at the St. Francis on the even-
Ing' of January 5. Addresses will bo
delivered by D. B. McDonald, J. - "W.
Shouten, R. A. Hiscox. G. D. Hauptman.
M. A. Harris and others to be selected
later.
PRINCE VISITS MAYOR.— Abdallah All. a
Prince of Abyssinia, and , said to be a eon of
King Meneljk. yesterday visited the Mayor at
his office in the City Hall.
"'I write to let yon know how I appreciate your '
Cascarets. I commenced taking them last Novem-
: ber and took two t»-n cent boxes and passed ft tape-
worm 14 ft. lone. Then I commenced taking thorn
again and Wednesday, April Ith, I pasaed another
tape worm 'Jj ft. lone nod orer a thousand small
worms. Previous to my taking Casearets 1 didn't
know I had a tape-worm. 1 always had a email
appetite." ..--..
Wm. F. Brown, Ui Franklin St.. Brooklyn. N. Y.
CANDY CATHARTIC :^^ i
Palatable. Potent. Tarte Good. Do Good, j
NeTer Sicken. Weaken or Gripe, 10c. 25c, 50c. Nerer
\u25a0old in bulk. The gennina tablet stamped UCC.
Guaranteed to care or your money back. <
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 594 !
fISHUAL SAU, TEN MILUOH BOXES
JIH MEN'S DISEASES
We especially solicit
:^9raßi 'those cases of "Weak-
ness," Varicocele, Hy-
l^^/^^^S3 drocele. Stricture, Gon-
y^gHßß^H tracted Disorders, Spe-'
ls£^?%«^ clflc Blood Poison, Piles.
l^ir!^^i Rupture, Rheumatism.
IB "*^" M ™ Loss of Vigor, Catarrh,
DH. L.U3810 etc., that have been un-
STAFP. euccessf ully treated by
1023 Mar- other specialists. - Our
feet St. methods of treatment
Pioneer Men* are different, and by
Specialist. : curing stubborn and
difficult cases have -won reputation
from the Atlantic to the Pacific as lead-
ing specialists In men's diseases, and
have built-up the largest practice of Ita
kind'on the entire Pacific -Coast, from
Alaska to Mexico. .
Fees fare fair; cures : are permanent,
' nnd you can pay If cured. Entrance
private. " - nnlldlner only nseA- by na. \u25a0
FIIIST SPECIALISTS 30 YEARS IX S. F.
i See ' free ; museum to-day. Hear free
! lecture to-night and learn who should
marry, who not, and why. Call or write.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF
1023 Market Street. Sth Bldg. above eth.
Avisit DR. JORDAN'S great
PUSEUM OF fIHATOHY :
I Qp :' - Th« Lart e»t Anuomloal Mima la Ma
~ m'-~~* TSL^' <forld.~ W ask 11 eases »r «ny totrutad
V Ss«s«h Airitt* poKitlvalr cnr«d hr tia sMms
I Jew I OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ DdS«9kßiV; OnnltitiM tnt tad (trtetly print*
fl I jjyit |J Tr«!»t!»«Bt p»ri«»»'!y »r bj- l*tt<c. A
'\ 8 a i »1 tL 99tititf. («r«isiT«r;ca*aalkd«n*k«B.
men ' 11 W - *"t* tv Bwk, pnti,c»up«Y «k'
»\ \u25a0' I II MKKME, MAILED F2EI. t &.
' i . "JJV '.-r'Jjf VT»i«»bl» bMkforßtß.)' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . . -.; '
: 7 I>K. JTOKD AN A < 0.. 1051 Market St.. S. V.
-^rjj^^ 1. Old Remedy. v " . : JKw form
J*P?f\^h. .VEVGRKSOWXTO FAII.
tf\,BSuir&' : arrant>B Extract ; of > Cnbeba { And'
|®|fbl ° P * CAPSU L E S .
Vlv <KErai 0 Tn e tatttleti, gutd and thorough car*
W<Milv J&f tor *Hnple ami contagious Ta;iin»l and
N*«i&»2Si/ aretliral iliwh-irRM. Ka.'j to take.con-
-.- 'SS^w' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' " Tenant to carry, fifty yean* saccess-
...;\u25a0, 24^;. ' . . jul n«e. . Pnc© 81. at \u25a0<.\u25a0 -
i.\u25a0 Joy*«.' *467 1 Kearny * si. ; *• Grant : Drug Co^, \u25a0' 33
Third st.: The Owl Drug Co. 1 s stores, 1123 Mar-
ket at.",; 21 ' Turk - St.," 8O \u25a0 Geary J st. ; Zeh's.v 122tf
Market \ st.; 1 Ban Francisco, or .by malt from
.The Tarrant Co.. 44 Hudson «t.. New Tork. •
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA : BITTERS." \HE
Oreat Mexican Remedy; gives health and.
.strength to sexual organs. Dept. 323 Market. ,
/VVEIN
I *^ DR. HALL'S REINVIOORATOR
at °P* «U losses and unnatural dls-
I_• \u25a0!\u25a0& eaarre» In 24 hours. Tou ftel an
OH Ei»s trll P rov en3«nt from thi first dose.
TJp \u25a0Ty'l'^* * iav * *° much cont'denc* to our
SS that we offer Five Hun-
gyjl gjr^ <JreJ reward for any case we can-
not cura. This Mcret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varicocele. gleet, strictures, kidneys, failing
memory, drains In the urine, sonorrhea. dis-
ease of tho prostate glands and all other terri-
ble tlTects of self -abuse or excesew, which- lead
I on to consumptipn and death. PosUls'ely cure*
! tho worst cases In old or young of that . tnorti-
; fyinK condition, quickness of discharge- and
i wanting to do. and you can't. S«nt. sealed. $3
per bottle; 3 bottles. $5. Guaranteed cure any
I case. »•\u25a0\u25a0:' \u25a0
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAI*
INSTITUTE. 555 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
Also for sale at 1073 ft Market st... S, F. Send
1 for free book.
«n» eHICHCSTCR*S CNQLISH
Fehryroyal pills
H ~<TC**^ ' Or! jla«l aad Only Uenaiae. -
AJ) (>^ tor CHICITESTEIfS ENOUSH
fa 4 >£?'4&%\ la KSD *b4 Cold MitiitU Imxm. m».«1
Tn **» W I>as«er*aa .•*ab.UtuU»n» aaat Inlt*>
I / ~ fs Umm*. Bay »f yamr Uraftut. wr a«a«l **. la
VT» f? "* ''Relief fur L.dl»».» <n iMfar, V r«-
A y twrm Mall. 1 0.000 Tatlamitit. B*M *t
*wl« tua p.p«. Ma4lM« turn FUll^, PH
> <rS^> s^ . Steamers leave Piers 9
/v^-^-^SkN and ll - San Francisco.
Ar&T >M\ For Katehlkan. "Wranget.
W»WS \ 1 Juneau. Treadwell. Haines.
I I VthjW. I I Skagway. etc. Alaaka— ll a.
\ A \»«*«a/ 1 m - Dec - 51 - Jan - 5 - Change
\tP\ \\ \u25a0 \u25a0> *\ff to tnl9 company's steamers
VT^w^V * at Seattle. -.:
X^/"t«-\V>^ ' rr ° r Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townwnd, S«atUe. Ta-
coma. Everett. Anacortes, South Belllnghasi.
Belllngham — II tin, E>«c. 31. Jan. 5. Cnango
at Seattle to this company's steamers tor Alas-
ka and G. N. By., at Seattle or Tscoma to
N. P. Ry. ; at yaneou%-er to C. P. Ry..
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. ra., Dec. 31, Jan. 6; Corona. 1:30 p. m.,
Jan. 3.
For Los Angel«a (via Port Lea Anastes and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, tin
For -Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Sanw Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obisoo). Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 1.
- Bonita, 9a. m.. Jan. S. '
For Ensenada,- Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas, ' Santa. Rosa,
lla, Guaymaa (Mere.), 10 s. m., 7th each month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190«— Tb<»
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE
will leave Tacoraa. Seattle and Victoria June>
\i 21. July ft. 20. August 2.
\u25a0 For farther. Information .obtain tolder. Right
ts reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market tt. and • Broadway
wharves. Freight Office — 10 Market «t»
Oakland— o32 Broadway. '
' CD. DUN ANN. General Passengsr Agent,
\u25a0 \u25a0 10 Market St.. \u25a0 San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN EAiSHA
(OBIEHTAL S. S. CQ.)
Bteam*rß will leave wharf, comer First and
Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for Yokohama and
Hongkong. caMlns- at Honolulu. Kobe (Hlogo),
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. "America Maru." Monday. Jan. 29, 1906.
S. S. "Nippon Maru." Tuesday. Feb.-20. 1906.
S.S. "Hongkong Maru." Thursday. Mar.13. 1906
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. \u25a0ij
For freight and passage apply at company's
office, seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange.*
W. H. AVERT. "AssC General Manager.
occanics.sxo.iK^s
S. S. VENTURA, tor Honolulu. Samoa. Andc-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 4. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALA ME DA. for Honolulu. Saturday, Jan-
uary 13, 11 a. m. - - •
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Feb. 3. H a. m.
I. D. SPHECmS i BEOI lE, Ifti HOBI QlilnStt
Maim- Riigui Qfflcs 327 Marat St., Pier 7 paclflg si
Compacnle Generate Transatlant lqne.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday instead oJ^JLSMiK
. Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "™~^^
North - Rlvsr. - foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. 8«o-
bnd class to Havre. $45 and upward. . GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
C\NADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson ..building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue,. San Francisco.
Ticket; gold by all Railroad Ticket: Agents.'
BAY XSV IXTKRURBA3T ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VA LLEJO and NAPA
Napa Valley, Hout©
. Mon t icello '. S. S. : Co. and Napa Valley Elec«
trie R. R Co. Clos« connections. .
ft-BOUXD THIPS DAILY— «".
Boats. leave San Francis*© 7:Q<^ *9:44 a. a,
12:30 noon.. 3:13. «:0O.»8:3O p»m. \u25a0\u25a0 ' 7^7'
- San Francisco landing and ' offlc*, : Pttr %
foot ot Mission st., on» block south Market a t,
Ferry. Meals a la cart*. Phone Mats I>SS. '
•Lands Nary Tard dlnct.
3738
TABLES TURNED
ON F. JOHNSON
31 an Who Had John H. Ott
,1 r. Arrested on a Charge of
Grand Larceny Is in Jail
. * - \u25a0 .
An unlooked for development in the
«:^se of John H. Ott Jr.. who Ss wait
ing: his preliminary examination in
I'olice Judge Conlan's court on a
charge of grand larceny on complaint
of Frank Johnson, occurred yesterday
morning. Chief Dinau received a let
ter from .Tames I. Donaghy, captain
of detectives, Philadelphia, to tho ef
fect that prior to October 13 there
v.as a contracting firm In that city, J.
11. Ott &. Co.. of vrhleh Frank John
son and J. H. Ott Jr. were partners;
that they obtained goods of the value
of between $1500 and $2000 by false
pretenses and disposed of the goods.
Captain Donaghy wrote that he held
warrants for their arrest and to hold
Ott and arrest Johnson. Johnson was
arrested by Detectives Bunner and
FreeL
Johnson and Ott came to this city
and were living together in a house
on Howard street on November 21, ,
when. Johnson alleged, Ott took $1100,
the amount of Johnson's savings, from
the latter'e trunk and fled. Tire po
nce found that Ott had left by the
Santa Fe Railroad and he was arrest
ed at AlbuQ.uero.ue, N. M. He was
brought back by Detective Freel. | He
made a statement that he had given
the $1100 to Deputy Marshal Jordan at
AlbuQuerque and Jordan had hidden it
In a ahed In the rear of his house.
The Chief of Police and the Mayor of
Albuquerque were communicated with, ]
but no trace of the money could be j
fousd and Jordan denied that he had >
ever seen the $1100.
Mayor Weaver of Philadelphia has
an intereat In Ott. as Ott was at one
time a member of his Sunday-school
class. Weaver wrote to Mayor Schmitz
asking for particulars as to the crime
with which Ott had been charged.
Mayor Schmits sent the latter to Chief
Dinan. who furnfshed the particulars
and a reply was sent to Mayor Weav
er* letter on December 11.
TRIES TO RIX ELEVATOB
A.\D LOSES SOME TOES
Twelv«-Year-Old Leslie Anderson's De
sire to Save Time Leads to
Painful Accident.
L<eslie Anderson, who lives at 1309
JLyon street. Is 12 years old and works
for Paul Seller at 408 Market street. He
was sent on au errand yesterday to
a place on Mission street, near Second—"
just whose place and the exact num
ber Leslie does not remember. There
was an elevator standing Invitingly
open, but no elevator ma.n.
Leslie was in a hurry. He had seen
pepplp operate elevators and knew just
how easy It was. In he stepped, and.
\u25a0without troubling to close the door,
pulled the lever and started the cage
on it? upward flight. Unfortunately
he neglected to stand well inside the
cage, and his right foot jammed be
tween the elevator and the shaft. His
screams brought help; and Leslie was
assisted to the Harbor Hospital.
Surgeon Dlggins found it necessary
to amputate part of two toes, . and j it
is .possible that the surgeon's knife
may claim more of the little fellow's
badly crushed foot before he can run
any more errands.
Di Kola's Asthma Remedy cures
asthma, leaves no bad after effect. Sold
by druggists. Main otnee, 1605 Market.*
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
Judge Dunne passed sentence on five
prisoners yesterday. Patrick Bogan,
Bernard Duffy and Thomas Fitzpat
rick, who pleaded guilty to a charge
of attempt to commit burglary at
Rehmstedt & Meyer's saloon, 152 East
street, on October 2 were sent to the
County Jail; Bogan and Duffy for six
months each and Fitzpatrlck for a.
year. George Bullock, a colored man,
who was allowed to plead guilty to a.
charge of simple assault for throwing
a brick at Policeman Redmond during
a fire in Chinatown, was sent to the
County Jail for sixty days. C. F.
Armaund, a bicycle thief, convicted of
petty larceny, was sent to the County
Jall for six months.
Start the new year rlgtot by having Edward
Kcowlee Co. print it, 24 Second «t- •
Forestlc CKrtstmas Tree.
Court Golden Gate and Companon
Court Golden Gate, Independent Order
of ForeEters, gave their annual Christ
mas party In Franklin Hall last night.
There was a large attendance of the
membership of both courts and a good
ly number of etrangers. The commit
tee, composed of George and Mrs. Kues,
A. 8. Young and Mrs. J. P. Murphy, as
sisted by Hirh Vice Chief Ranger J. P.
Murphy and many volunteers, presented
as impromptu programme of entertain
ment. Santa Claus, a little late in the
season, appeared In the evening and
presented gifts to the children and
some to adults. Dancing following the
giving' of presents and the programme.
B.F.Stcll, dentlEt; Ualgrht &. Masonic ay.*
Victim of Carbon-Monoxide.
Robert Alexander was found dead in
h!i room at & lodging:- house, 1458 Mar
ket street, early yesterday morning.
He waa lying- in bed undressed and gas
•waa escaping- from a pas stove, which
had been left partly open. The body
was removed to the Morgue. Alexander
tras a collector, 30 years of age. He
had been divorced from his wife and
bad a eon about 10 years of age. His
brother. Max Alexander, 19 Fulton
street, said he knew of nothing that
'would have led him to commit suicide
and death Is supposed to have been
accidental.
(gj« /j|r Magnin's
t WJimffl ANIVIJAL SALE OF :
P^W UNDERMUSLiNS \
W~^^^^^^\ WILL COMMENCE II
GRAIN BROKERS
HAVE A FROLIC
Celebrate Passing of the
Old Year and Coming lii
of 1906 With
Great hilarltv followed the closing pro
ceedings of the business year at the
Merchants' Exchange yesterday. It has
been the custom for many years to speed
the parting year and tq welcome the
incoming at the exchange. The grain
brokers have been the leaders, generally,
in the fun, which is fast and furious.
The character of the outbreak yesterday
that marked the departure of the busi
ness year of 1905 was no exception. There
were frantic shouts of glee, and the air
was filled quite completely with flying
produce.
Beans, wheat, barley and other sample
substances were made Into missiles, and
the younger members on 'Change had a
busy time dodging and repaying compli
ments In kind. Nearly an hour the fun
wa3 afoot. Grain trays were hurled and
the tables upon which they had reposed
were thrown about The climax was
reached when a large jar of asafoctida
was capsized on the floor of the Ex
change. | The odor of this drug was the
"loudest" feature of the sport.
The floor committee had made some
rules in .advance to limit the roughness
of the demonstration, but If any one ob
served these rules the observance was
not noticeable. Finally, when the - brok
ers and others were tired with their ex
ertions, there ' seemed to be general
agreement that the celebration of the out
going of 1905 and the incoming of 1906 had
received due and full recognition and
peace followed. i'-'i^X'
Cincinnati Brewers Compromise.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Dec 30.— The
employes of nearly forty breweries of
this city, who demanded an eight
hour day, have been granted free beer
and nine hours. V-< '
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co. j
I^6QIICCIOII
\' pUESDAY MORNING, January 2,
1906, we will inaugurate our first
general reduction sale in this department.
As we will not carry any of our stock over >\u25a0
from one season to another, extraordi-
' nary price reductions have been- made
to effect an immediate clearance. '
Suits in cloths, silks, velvets and fancy
Beautiful Evening Coats and Costumes;
Tourists' and Rain Coats in a big variety;
> Scotch and tweed.m ixed--- Coats, in all the
latest models;
Stylish Covert and whipcord Jackets and
Coats in fitted and semi-fitted styles;
Skirts in dress and walking lengths in mix-
tures, cloths, silk "and voile. : \u25a0 : : :
111 to 121 Post Street
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
John D. Rockefeller has taken to en
gineering- as a recreation.
THE: SAN; FRANCISCO .C^S^SI^DAY, DEGEMBER; 31; -1905:
TEARS OF SKY
FALL HEAVILY
Northern Section of Coasit
Gets a Large Supply >of
Greatly Needed' Moisture
The rain was general .yesterday along
the coast, from Fresno north. The show
ers had not reached Southern California
at dark last. night,: but McAdie thinks the
people of the citrus belt; will get all the
moisture' they need to-day. Snow fell
heaVily in the high • Sierras. - The . winds
were strong oft shore and in the Sacra
mento Valley. The velocity attained at
Point Reyes and at the Farallones ex
ceeded fifty miles . an hour at times. Tho
sea was exceedingly rough, but* as . the
Weather Bureau had Its storm signals up
at 8 o'clock yesterday morning, it is
thought the mariners had plenty of time
to escape all danger.
The heaviest rainfall was reported from
Red Bluff, where half an " Inch of rain
descended upon the town In a few hours.
In San Francisco the precipitation was
.32 of an inch. Between 1:30 and 2 o'clock
the floodgates opened and the city was
deluged. During five minutes of that time
.07 of an inch of. rain fell. The gutters
were all overflowing and every one took
the dry places when possible. The wind
at this period was whirling through the
streets at the rate of thirty-four miles
an hour, so that umbrellas were useless
for protection.' The southern section of
the State was visited by severe frosts.
but no damage was done.
Professor McAdie says to-day will be
rainy throughout the State and holds out
no hope of pleasant weather for the first
day. of the glad new year.
Benson's Demurrer Overruled.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Justice
Wright in the Criminal Court to-day
overruled the demurrer of John A. Ben
son to the indictment reported against
him charging bribery in conection with
alleged frauds affecting public lands in
California.-
ROWDYISM WILL
BE SUPPRESSED
Boughs and Paint Will Not
-Be Allowed on Streets
by the Police To-Night
As the going but of the old and com
ing In of the new year has. taken on', a
carnival ." aspect in' this : city, Chief -of
Police Dinan has issued instructions - to
company commanders to ' see that clt-'
lzens can "enjoy.; the ! festivities without
annoyance from rowdies and hoodlums,
who arc -always to be; found at such
affairs. : ..The^ instructions of. the Chief
are as follows:!' .: ',
"The following are your instructions
for the New -Yea xj festivities ' on ". Sunday^
evening, December 81;, 1905, and! l wish
you ; to give strict I orders to i the offl-j
cers • detailed \ to be > prompt • arid* active
in seeing that' the people-a rc protected
in their, desire to enjoy the evening
peacefully:"
. "Two officers will be detailed from
Company; B to each ; block j oil "the* north*
side . of Market street 'from ; Kearny jto
Taylor and . th ree" officers { to", each * block :
on th& south^side* of f. Market "street
from Third Uo" Sixth.
"A sergeant; and? five. patrolmen: from
Company A' will s be detailed at ', Powell
and " Market " streets."; to be relieved - at
12 o'clock midnight by 'a sergeant, and
fly« men from the; same company. , .
"A sergeant' and ' five '! patrolmen from
Company "£.' to? be? relieved | .-by' a , ser
geant and'flve. patrolmen" from. tho same
company.Vwill-be ;detailed r at' Grant ave-1
nue and 1 Market istreet, r v^v \u25a0 . '-:'\u25a0\u25a0' '•
;"A- sergeant r and , : five patrolmen; from
.Company.? F/. to* be I relieved"; by/ sl ser
geant and five patrolmen from the sami
SAYS SHE FELL
DOWN PRECIPICE
Mrs. Mary Daniels Is Found
at the Foot of a Steep
Cliff but Slightly Injured
Mrs. , Mary Daniels of 427 Lombard
street wandefed^away from her home
about « o'clock on i.: Friday evening.
She was found by -' three small boys
early yesterday morning, lying. In \u25a0 the
mud at Chestnut • and I Montgomery,
streets. She was removed to the Har- ;
bor Hospital and there^ told a thrilling
yarn about having" been 7 hurled from
th© porch of a house on the .top. ',of
Telegraph Hill, of a frantic sllda down
the almost perpendicular cliff and of a
long night of exposure, during whloh
she lay helpless In -the * rain and \u25a0 called
vainly for assistance. I',; • ;
The woman's did not bear
out her story : of a fall from the. top
of the precipice, and, although the po
lice made a, thorough Investigation
they found no reason for believing
that she was- thrown from any : porch
or that she even called ; at any house
in the vicinity of the cliff at the foot
of which she was found. Her hus
band, who had been searching all
night for his wife. wa« at the Har
bor Hospital shortly after she . reached
there. He says she has been suffering
from Insomnia and 'that her «ilnd has
not been normal for some months. He
thlnks she tried to climb the cliff,
slipped before she had gone very far
and fell to the ground.
The surgeons at the hospital found
that Mrs. : Daniels * had sustained a
slight contusion of the back, an abra
sion of the left thigh and a : . slight
laceration of the scalp. 'More serious
than any of the injuries were the ef
fects of the all-night's exposure. She
was removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where she .will be held
for further observation. .
company, to be detailed at Stockton
and Market streets. . . •
"A sergeant" and five patrolmen from
Company D. to ; be ; relieved by, a ser
geant and flye patrolmen from the same
company,,to ; be detailed at Kearny and
Market . streets. ) ._-.;.\u25a0:
: "Tho lieutenants of the Southern sta
tion \wlll take- personal charge » and ex
ercise'; personal v supervision over all
the details on Market street during
their- respective hours of ',. duty.
"Captain Duke .will take .personal
charge of the details north .of - Market
street' He will also deploy men ; from
the details at Kearny ; and - Market
streets along! the line' of ;• Kearny, street
as may ,be , needed ; and ; f rom ? the \u25a0 detail
at Grant .and:. Market street
along the line of; Grant avenue as may
be necessary, and will-detail: two of
flcers in the block on Mason street be
tween Eddy and Ellis, to. be r relieved
by two other officers at: 12 o'clock.
."All the v above ' detail** will be In'
effect at 7:30. p. m. December SI, "1905/
and.will continue untiiu:3o o'clock of
the .following morning, '.when the 'offi
cers who \u25a0; may be detailed ' will -\u25a0 return
to their regular beats.^
- "Do not allow crowds »' to gather "at
any particular: point., but y keep the
peoples amoving-. 5 Instruct : the officers to
take all -boughs of 'trees or paint pots, 1
with which they may daub; the i faces
of . passers-by, or .: any; other such i ma
.terial,; away ; f rom^j«; rsons carrying the
same on the . str e etsjjjffiflgfflMi|ftlgjgMSjj
; "Arrest VaU^ persons .who do not be
have themselves? wheni' warned ''> to .3 do
uo, and ; see . that ' peaceful \ persons I have
the opportunity to ; en joy ! themselves r in^
a lawful' manner. V
i > "Have the 'officers .on dv ty '\u25a0 d uririg the"
31st . °,f, f i December * request % all 3 persons
:who have' ; C'ergrcen , ' decorations in
t ro.n t of their premises •. to ) remove \ 'the'
same .before nightfall," as " :by ", this
means you vi ill remove some 'of the
ammunition ; 6f 'the ! hoodlum: '\u25a0-:'\u25a0 ''\u25a0':'
:_ "I, desire^ to "express Tin y
of ,thej manner, in \ which": this; detail v was
carried iout* last ; year. ; and v I f: sincerely
hopo x that s the 7 ; orders i.will be ' as ''• well
executed; on" this: occasion:" '/v r .--r-.-r
. "Captain' Gleeson will order the p.a-
Every Offering An
Tuesday morning we will place on sale a special importation of beautiful embroideries
that includes over 25,00o y yards and represents nearly five hundred different patterns. There are
cambric, nainsook and Swiss embroideries and edgings in different widths, with insertions to
match. They are all strip lengths of 4^' and 65i. yards. They, will be sold in strips only, at about
one-third less than regular prices or from
4*UC 10 $J.UU aStrip
Flannels, Linens and Housefurnishings
TABLE LlNEN— Strong, heavy quality, all SCOTCH FLANNELS—New shipment of 1
linen table damask, 68 inches wide, good beautiful patterns, stripes and embroidered
- assortment ' of patterns — a yard .... QeZs* figures in Scotch wool flannels, fast otf J
.:.....%.. .............. .......... OOC .colors. A yard OOC
" FLEECE DOWNS—Large assortment new
DAMASK CLOTHS — Limited quantity patterns, dark, medium and light grounds, 5
sample table doths, pure linen finished bor- , heavy fleece down flannels, for. wrappers, f
der— 2 yards;long, $2.00; 2% 4^o -flri\'" sacques and kimonas— a yard , —
yards long. tp2s»Oli . IDC |
DINNER NAPKINS-50 dozen full size din- Wool BLA^ET^^ quality Califor- j
;ner napkins; pure Irish linen, variety of> ma woolM>lanket^ full double bed size,
new patterns, to close at-a k^off pink and blue borders-a pair qq
dozen ............ tff^t^Zt) . *\u25a0
. iv, : ; ............. -v* LACE CURTAINS— SpeciaI in white and '
TOWELS— Firm, heavy, hemmed huck tow- ecru Nottingham, corded Arabian and Re- X
els, large size, white and col- : .:<jjQvQff ' naissance lace curtains, all fine <j*o EL€\
ored borders— a d0zen...... A?^f^tJ styles — a pair O^s*^" '
\u25a0Vj(PJ»'"'' * % f We will offer 7 a large variety of | C^^fl 1
I tn * s season ' s fancy silk in louis- f]
W>|Jw>ysWJ. ines and taffetas, the color as- %f* & VJ?Ja*QfiaW
'* r . sortment of which is broken, and . . ; r-« :
tf^ fl therefore will be closed out at the \u25a0» W0 f^ \
\jlllm ""^^y price of-a yard, Qflj OwC
— \u25a0 — -
! Dress Goods Departments Reductions
\u25a0\u25a0..:\u25a0. ."\u25a0;." • • \u25a0,'- ,- . •\u25a0 '\u0084-"'; ••---\u25a0\u25a0• \
A splendid offering of high-class, fine quality and desirable dress materials at from one- \
third to one-half the regular prices. . 5
All of the styles are new this season, all pure wool and extra good qualities. . jj
WOOL SUITINGS, 50 inches wide, all wool corkscrews, dot camel hair, novelty comb!- {
Dark grbuhd," bright color noppe effects t 5 nation in fancy basket weaves, in* suit pat- ]
different styles' assorted colorings. v Regular terns and by the yarcL : These goods were \
value $1.00 and $i;2S, now— a yard >—-^ /sold by us at $25.00 and $30.00 a pattern jj
.... .;/... .- C*s v and $2.50 to $3.00 a yard. We^will close out
IMPORTED FRENCH SUITINGS —4^ the entire assortment at the uni- <2> | Q I
finches wide. Dark colorings, invisible form price of— a yard <P1»^O j
check effect" Cheviot texture, soft finish. IMPORTED FRENCH SUITINGS — 47
Regular value $iioo, now, a yard />g-r_ inches wide, in two-tone colorings, cloth j
.... .... ... . .;: . . . -. • • . . •• • .vUy- i' effects, all this season's styles and formerly
IMPORTED FRENCH NOVELTIES— 47 , sold at $2.00 and $2.25, will be g*r\ \
inches wide, figured satin prunellas, fancy' ' closed out at — a yard. tJ>l»Ovr \
Special Reductions on Ladies' Waists
The assortment includes many beautiful waists, made of alpaca, albatross, nun's veiling, |
challies,' flannels, '-'lace nets and silks. The prices are extraordinarily low. I
I /i*liftc»ll ..t-— •> ~ % I II RIBBONS M
•Ladies jnnPjj^ m 51i ,» \
--- 13 £?*r£wMF%i l0 &*& >@L>*7 *%** S ' '\u25a0 " ~ den Ribbon,
Gloves W^/FS4/6^p T i2.^t3.
mas '"'shopping. A .^r.^r >^^*^^* >I^^^^*' J^^^ unequaled for-lt* >
but otherwise C>t A B L75iV £-„ &\ifj&^S** SPW'-JS \
are In perfect X*-' *»4/ Including: wiit%
condition and |866 J^M 4^^- C ?3S *?
are exceptional . •^m|jj|r a - Hti Hi \u25a0!. !•• 3Oc '
values: * «ia-ln. Black i
ill 111 to 121 Post Street WM
GEORGE GOODMAN
ARTIFICIAL STONE CO,
Mr John Faubel, who for; the past
fourteen years has had the manage
ment and? super intendency' for George
Sman.lsnowsenerar manager for
the George Goodman Artificial ; Stone
Company at 307 Montgomery street, un
der the Nevada block, where he is glv
gime; > ' m - \u25a0 •- \u25a0 •
Wanted tor EmbeHlemeat
A warrant was procured from ;Po-.
lice Judge Mogan' yesterday, for the ar
rest iot; GeorgeTE. Hirsinger,: .7lB;Cle-.
mentlna; street, on a charge of felony
embezzlement. The complaining ,wit
ness-is r Captain Eugene F. Peckham ; of
Company H. First ) Infantry of the Na
tional >' Guard. •" « Captain Peckham al
leges that Hirsinger, while qquarte r
master "o£ the -"company,; stole blankets,
coats and other, articles from .the arm
ory of the: value of $227.: -The thefts
were not ' discovered till \ yesterday.
Engineers' Smoker.
\, Last Thursday, evening San Francisco
UnloniNo^ if of] California, -'National.As-'
sociatlon "of Stationary ? Kngineers?r: had
a. smoker ' in I in^ its hall .on Eddy' street
in : honor of George \ E. ; Reid of iWashlhg^
ton, v Di : Cv; a 1a 1 prominent .member ; of j the
association.'j- connected: with J the tPostf
"office % Depavtment. - and ln"I this "city/ on
business; connected (with" the;new 'Post-'
office:. At, the -previousi meeting; of : the
local \u25a0association' Mr.- Reid appeared;be
fore ;it and delivered fa\vefy ; interesting
talk s on. tho '-'Mechanical; Equipment of
the' Modern Office Building." .
trol : wagon from : the. O'Farrell-street
statlonjto report at -the 1 " Central \ station
at 8 ' p N m."- December Jol.Tand : remain Ion"
duty;; there. until: 2 o'clock" the following
raorninj^" " * - \; . -_:
Klffht School Proa-resalns.
. The night school of the Young. Men's
Christian Association Is meeting with
great success. Last year more than 700
pupils were enrolled and this term
promises be a record-breaker. The
term wlir open on Tuesday . evening
with an address by President Stubbs of
the University of Nevada. The demand
for space! has been so great that the
directors concluded to transform the
parlor on the third floor into a class
room.
Are Guests of the Elk».
The children of the Little Women's
Settlement were guests of San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent and Pro
tective Order of Elks, at Its Christmas
festival last Friday afternoon. The
Little Women's Settlement is now ar
ranging for a benefit entertainment and
dance to be given In the near future.
Dandruff Is • contagious diseaje causes! by a microbe.
Newbro's Herpicide
- The ORIGINAL randy that VkUls tha Dandruff derm."
I ||>fS* TUP DARnHM comes while life still remain. In the follicles, the
-LI ffVCi \u25a0n Cm TZ*+*y *J\Ji* !u) r t, tnt4 from disease and D*tfns Its natnrat
Newbro's Herpicide can comt too late. If-the growth »jr«m. Don't neglect dandruff or falllnz
dandruff microbe has destroyed th* hair follicles hair. Wonderful results follow tf>« me of Hero l-
and left the scalp bald and «Wnta*an remedies art eld«. >!t ban exquisite half dressta*. Stops
worthless. But. Ilk* the pardaft» If ; Herpicide Itching of the scalp Instantly.
C^OINGp I &QING- H GONE 111
y.raroattißiiiiETT.' loncae wai un it. . .tbo utj foji utmotL
tog Sores, $1.00. ; Swd 18c, stnp. t» HERPICIDE CO., Dspt H. Setrft, Mic*., tor a sap*
At Leading Drux Stores or Sent Prepaid Qroiu Detroit. Micfc^ vnoa rec«t»t
of. SI.OO. Applications at prominent Barber Shops.
Employer la Censored.
The Coroner's Jury at the taQuaart ©a
the body of Charles Watts, a pala.t*xv
who died on December 8 from th* af
fects of a - fall from a staffing, added
the following rider to their vordlot
yesterday: "That the said Charles
Watts came to his death through, th»
negligence of his employer In not
knowing that hla ropes were in fit con
dition for the work." Hi 3 employer
was M. Merlgan.
Unknown Laborer Suffocated.
A laborer employed by the Ocean
Shore Railroad at Marine and Va Haro
streets was suffocated yesterday by a
carload of earth being dumped on top
of him. He was not quick enough la
getting out of the way. - When th»
earth was shoveled off him It was
found that ha was dead. Th» body
was taken to the Morgue.Pages 39 to 48
OAKLAND READY TO WELCOME
STATE FEDERATION OF LABOR
The State Federation of Labor will meet in annual convention in Oakland to-morrow and the sessions will
continue to the end of the week. Delegates from every labor union in California will be in attendance
and the city across tho bay is ready with a cordial welcome for them.
Representatives of
i Unions to Meet
To-Morrow.
Great Preparation Is
Made for Their
Reception.
Sessions Continue
Throughout the
Week
OAICbAJTO, Peo. 30.— Representatives of
«very labor union la the State of Califor
nia irlU assemble in Oakland on New
Year's day to attend the sixth annual
oonreation cf the State Federation of La
bor, which trill begin on Monday, Janu-
arj- I, and will continue until Saturday
evening. January 6. The convention will
be inaugurated with a parade of the vis
iiing delegates find an escort of the mc m- :
lx>rs of the local labor unions. In which
will be roprr-sentPd the organizations of
fifty different crafts.
The para<3e will he formed at Eighth
and Washington streets, an<i after trav
*<rping ih»- principal streets of the city
will b« disbanded atGermania Hall, where
Ihe visiting union men will be welcomed
to the city of Oakland by Mayor Frank
K. Mott. At the close of the Mayor's ad
dress rereptionn will be held at the vari
ous headquarters of the delegations
throughout the city. In the evening the
delegates will gather at an open meeting
of the Central Labor Council at the head-
Quarters of tbe council, at Eighth street
and Broadway.
On Tuesday morning- the first regular
session of the convention will be held at
Germania Hall, at which the report of
the committee on credentials will be read
and the delegates seated. The regular
routine business of the convention will
continue until 5 p. m. In the evening the
visiting delegates and the members of tbe
committees in charge of the convention
will attend a theater in a body.
WILI* VISIT UNIVERSITY.
The second regular session of the con
vention will be held Wednesday morning,
continuing until noon, when adjournment
will be ordered to enable the visitors to
Inspect the various points of interest in
and about Oakland. The trip of inspec
tion, for which special cars will be.pro
vided by the Oakland Traction Consoli
dated, will Include a visit to the Univer
sity of California, where the visitors will
be given an opportunity to inspect the
grounds and buildings, and on their re
turn they will trtstt the plant of the Co
operative Meat Company.
On Wednesday evening the visiting dele
gates will be the guests of honor at a
banquet to be given by the members of
the local unions at Armory Hall. The
toastmacter and speakers for the occa
sion have not yet been named by the
committee in charge.
Thursday will be almost entirely de
voted to the business of the convention,
and in the evening a grand ball will be
held at Armory Hall. A long business
session will be held on Friday, and if the
routine work is completed In time the del
egates will be afforded an opportunity to
inspect the buildings and plant of the
Judson Iron Works, at Emeryville.
The last session of the convention will
be held on morning, at which
all the unfinished business of the annual
meeting will be completed and the place
of the next convention v finally selected.
After final adjournment the delegates will
k-ave for their homes.
The credit of securing the sixth annual
convention for this city belongs to Charles
W. Petry, president of the local Central
1-abnr Council, who made a gallant fight
'or his home city on the floor of the last
rr >nventlon, held at Sacramento. He has
alpo been one of the most prominent of
the local labor leaders in completing the
arrangements for this convention.
HAXDSOMI3 SOUVENIRS.'
Two handsome souvenirs have been pre
pared for those attending the convention,
the firsi Vtng the. official badge for dele-
Kates to the convention, which is In the
form of an oak leaf of leather, on which
are cneraved 4he words "January, 1906,
State Convention, A. F. of L." Attached
to the oak kaf is an accrn, emblematic of
this city. The second souvenir consists
of a handsomely Illustrated booklet de
•enptive of Oakland and Alameda Coun
ty, which contains a complete programme
or the convention and a list of the offi
cers pf the federation and the committees
5n cbaree of the annual meeting.
• *°"<w»»e; are the delegates who will
represent the local unions of Alameda
County in the convention:
Central Labor Council-S. H. Gray and
J. is. Keboll.
•£**#. !! h e <£*orke™-T. F. Marshall
Cooks and Waiters— P. C. Weber and F.
Overton.
Brotherhood of Teamsters— Thomas F.
Gallagher, Ed Gallagher, Charles Oman
and F. Higuera.
j Barbers— G. K. Smith and C. Burkhardt,
Ice Wagon Drivers— C. Raney.
Box and Cabinet Makers— R. Collins.
Carpenters' Union No. 26— W. Atkinson,
A. Herbert, B. H. Gray.
Carpenters No. 1167— A, Borden and A.
Massie Jr.
Bakers— A. B. Lee.
Butchers — George Jensen and C.
Scheithe.
Cigarmakers— A. Deal.
Gas Workers— C. J. Curren.
Lumber Handlers— Z. nielson.
Printing Pressmen— C. Moreno and J. D.
Parrott.
Steam Engineers— A. Gallagher and H.
la Perle.
Tallymen— J. F. Bale.
Theatrical Stage Employes— W. Sawyer.
Typographical Union— J. C. Harlow.
Carmen— C. A. Pearse and P. Stuart.
The officers of the committees in
charge of the preparation for and
various events of the convention are:
Central committee of arangements —
George W. Scaddan, chairman: Charles
\V. Petry, secretary; C. R. Elder, treas
urer.
Committee on musio — J. J. Matheson,
chairman.
Committee «n invited guests^ — J. For
rest, chairman.
Reception committee — Ben Litzen-
Etein, chairman.
Committee on amusements — D. H.
Wycoflr, chairman; A. Diehl, secretary.
Committee on banquet — P. C. Weber,
chairman.
Committee on ball— C. Moreno, chair
man and floor manager.
Decorating committee-^J. m. Pointon,
chairman. *
Committee on accommodations .for
visiting delegates — A. C. C.Krueger.
Printing committee— W. J. Hooper,
chairman.
Finance committee — Charles w.
Petry, chairman.
Committee on souvenirs — L. M.
Ecnnltzer, chairman.
FORMATION* OF PARADE.
George "W. Scaddan will act as grand
marshal of the parade, and his aids
will be D. IL Wycoff and J. Murry. The
parade will form at 9 a. m. at Eighth
and Washington streets, and will march
up -Washington street 'to Fourteenth
street,, to "Broadway, to Eighth street,
to Webster " street and to Germania
Hall, where 'the parade will disband.
Following are the orders Issued by
Grand Marshal Scaddan regarding the
formation, of the parade and the order
in which the unions taking part will
march:-.
First , division — Right resting on
Eighth and Washington streets. Mar
shal A. C. C ''\u25a0•.RJrueger'-' and' aids. Dele
gates, south side 'of Eighth street, west
of. Washington;^^Carmen, north slde^ of
Eighth street, .west of A Washington;
Carpenters, Nos. 36, 1667," 194, 1478, 1168,
and Amalgamated, \ in' order, named, right
resting on ' Clay f and Eighth' : streets,
north of Eighth; Mlllmen, east side ot
Clay, south . of Eighth street J Typo-
SAN FRANCISCO, : SUNDAY, "DECEMBER .31, 1905.
SOME DELEGATES TO THE STATE
FEDERATION OF LABOR, WHICH
- MEETS TO-MORROW.
graphical and Theatrical Stage: Era:
ployes, in order named, west side of
Clay street, south of Eighth.
Second Division— Marshal; P. C.Web
ber; aid, C. A. Moreno; band; paint
ers. No. 127, sign painters and brick
layers, in order named, south side of
Eighth street, west of Clay: bakers,'
bakers' helpers and plasterers, in or
<Jmr named, north side of Eighth street,
west of Clay; cement/ workers,'/ east
sftfe -of Jefferson- ' street, south of
Eighth; carpet mechanics, west side of
Jefferson- street, south of Eighth;
housemovers, west side of Jefferson
street, north" 1 of "Eighth ; r hodcarriers
and lathers, east !side >of. Jefferson
street, north of Eighth; brick, tile and
terra, cotta workers, south side of
Eighth street, west of Jefferson; sheet
metal workers?, north -: side of^Eighth
street, west ' of. Jefferson; " plumbers,
east side of Grove street, south.;'-, of
Eighth; shinglers, west side of . Grove
street, south of Eighth: sewer work
ers, east side of Grove street. -north of
Eighth;, tailors,, west side of Grove
street, north of Eighth. . ,
Third Division— Marshal, F. Higu
era, and aids;,band;\teamsters, N0.: 70,
north sido of Ninth ''street, right rest
ing on Grove; \*materlal teamsters,
south side of Ninth street, right rest
ing on Grove; lron.'steel and tin work
ers, north side of ' Ninth street,* right
resting on Jefferson;-; electrical work
ers. No! 238!. and, l'"of ;6/ south'side !of
Ninth street, right resting on, Jeffer
son ; milk wagon . drivers, ice < acid : ; min
eral water drivers, and box" and cabi
net makers, west ..side '\u25a0"..'; of )\u25a0' Jefferson
street, north', of \Nlhth; boot arid .• shoe
workers," C bartenders,';.. butchers.- east
side of Jefferson street, north ''.of
Ninth:... -;' \u25a0' - ..-V'..: ," -! '.-j .'.'-' '
Fourth ; Division— Marshal, -C. R. ;El
der, and aids; band; ; lumber rhandlers,
stevedores, stationary ." engineers ; and
cigarmakers, 'C m ; order / named,-; • south
side of Tenth^ street, west's of
son; cooks and. waiters,! 'cereal mill em
ployes, soda .water and 'beer
bottlers/ in order named, north; aide of
Tenth; street,: west i of ij;eflferBori;<mlik*
men,; printing^ pressmen,^ tally '. clerks
and horseehoers; In 1 order 'named?? north
Bide of Tenth streets east ; of Jefferson;
laundry, workers,^ machinists. f barbers;
gas - workers and retail clerks,' in order
named, south of Tenth street, east of
Jefferson. HaßflfißnHSHfiHßßSSabss!
Credftorn ot R. n. Mitchell.
. Creditors ;of£R.«Brent ; Mitchell; who
desire -to -learn of ; aomethlnff' to i their
advantage will \do -well *to 1 Htlress > box
Z% 43, Call office. *
COLLINS MUST
STAY IN JAIL
His Efforts to Obtain Bonds
or (J et Reduct ion in the
Sum Have So .Far Failed
ADOPTS FINAL ' ".RESORT-
Makes an Appl ication to Hie
Supreme Court for Habeas
Corpus Writ for Release
Attorney George D. . Collins - t will be
•forced, much against his will, to remain
in the County Jail till next Tuesday, be
ing unable to furnish the necessary bonds
of J15.000 on the second indictment filed
on Friday evening, charging \u25a0 him wjth
perjury. He has applied to the Supreme
Court for. a writ of <. habeas corpus, with
the object of getting the bonds reduced,
but the application will not be heard till
Tuesday. "
Aftor Collins was arrested on Friday
evening on the second indictment Attor
ney McPike called upon Judge Lawlor
and asked if he v.ouldnot consider a mo
tion to % t educe the . bail. MePike. said he
would probably take the matter before
the Supreme Court. :
When the first case cf perjury was
called in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday
to be again set for trial, January 15 was
suggested/but Collins*- demanded an im
mediate trial, and finally January S was
agieed upon. The Judge asked if a return
had been made on the bench warrant on
the second charge, and being informed in
the affirmative ordered the indictment
placed on open tile.
The Judge then asked if it w^s the in
tention to make a motion for a reduction
of the bonds, and Collins replied that his
attorney h «J- decided to take the matter
before ;the., * &reme Court. Collins asked
if he woulitr Be allowed to go to the office.
of .the . Aetna Indemnity' Company in
charge of a deputy sheriff to arrange for
his bonds. The Judge granted him per
mission, and said that. as he had made an
examination -a.s^to the of the
company when he accepted the previous
bond 0f. 515,000 there was no need of any
further, examination.
\' Meanwhile Attorney McPike had filed
an application for a writ of habeas corpus
before the Supreme Court, but: only three
Justices were presents It was necessary
to get another Justice' to make a quorum,
so the matter, was put over till Tuesday.
Collins declared that the "three Justices
were willing to issue. the writ, and is au
thority for the statement that they ex
pressed the opinion that $2500 in each
case was sufficient.
Collins called at Judge JLawlor's cham
bers yesterday afternoon and said . that
the, indemnity company would not go on
his : new bonds, as the collateral given
them on the first $15,000 bonds would not
justify any further risk. He had no other
source' to apply to and must -remain in
jail. He asked permission to visit the law
library to-day, but the Judge told him he
was in the^custody of the Sheriff, and the
Sheriff was the proper person to take ac
tion:
LUIGI DE PAOLI ISTAKE.V
BACK TO THE COCKTV JAIL
Man Who Killed Siater-ln-Luw Be-
cniite of Innnnc . Superstition,
Will Face Judge Cook.
. Luigl.de Paoli, who brutally mur
dered his sister-in-law, believing that
she was exerting :/an' evil influence
upon his family, was taken; back, to
the County Jail from the detention
ward at the Central Emergency Hos
pital yesterday. A. few days ago, De
Paoli became violent in the jail and
was ;taken to the hospital for treat
ment. .".:.. ; ."\u25a0 - ~r?.'.! r .;-' :". *
, The .woman-slayer was much calmer
than he had been since the murder
when: he was' taken .back 'to the jail,
though he still continued to mumble
prayers and litanies to his imaginary
demons. Hewill.be Instructed and
arraigned before Judge, Cook 'on Tues
day.;, After' that \u25a0. he will probably be
examined as to his sanity.
\u25a0 » \u25a0 •:
Joyoe Wanted for Higainj
Mrs. Emma Evans, 49 Parker avenue,
has-atlastsucceededlin getting a war
rant for, the arrest r of George Joyce/her
son-in-law, on a charge of bigamy.: She
alleges . that \ Joyce was divorced 5 from
his; ; flrst- wife last February and- mar-"
ried her daughter '\u25a0\u25a0 last July, before 'the
expiration of a year, after the: inter
locutory decree was granted." : She' had
Joyce- and two women: arrested! about
two : weeks _ago ; for obtaining : JBOO by
false pretenses by/ Induc^ig her to buy
the ; Strand lodging-house on ' Anna
street. The case is still! pending In the
Police Court. Joyce :- ; is -an: ex-convict,
having served : a term In San /Quentin
for forgery: ln Los Angeles. "
In Overcome by Smoke.
' Smoke from, a ? fire in the : basement
of .-the; home, of 'JoKnjßrandehberg 1 , .440
Baker .street, ; nearly asphyxiated r5 the
entire household at anearly hour yes
terday morn Ing.. Theiorigini of the fire
has yet been^ascertained. 'About A
o'clock* Brandenbergiwas V; roused i-- by!
theories of members ofh'is family. Plis
room was allied with smoke and he was
so ,; overcome by.; breathing- it :that he
could scarcely, stagger, out of the^piace.-
An alarm" was -; turned I in- and the f fire
was extinguished "Z. it \ had ; done
much damage to =: the dwelling:, t
Criticism \u25a0 !\u25a0•' Relented.
\u25a0:j ßecause Gustav Nelson \made unkind
remarks .'"about ;;-'\u25a0' the ;~ scrambled! eggs
served to him at the Trestaurantlof Sam
luel JTsovvls ;':; at r-. J _ Eighth^... .'and i' Market
streets "j'esterday •mornink.V the = ' pro
prietor; smote't he customer s with: a beer
bottle. J: Nelson -.was' taken' to the^Cen-^
tral! Emergency, Hospitali^where i"he i was
haunte'd|by of i scrambled / eggs
through -six ;, hours fof J unconsciousness.'
.Tsdwis i.was a rrested J'on T a'fcharge-'ir "of
battery.;: 5 His \ gallant 'of the
tgS* will ; probably -cost : him a: fine.*-:;*
FATES ACT
IN HIDEOUS
DISREGRAD
Letter That Drove John' A.
Miller \to End Life Is
Believed to Have Been
Intended for F. J. Millar
MYSTERY OF OPENING
OF .ANOTHER'S MAIL
Missive Has Been Lost and
Man Whom It Was Meant
For Is Wondering AVhat
Grim News Awaits Him
Last Thursday afternoon in the south
nave of the ferry building John Augustus
Miller of Providence, Pa., shot himself
through the head and died almost instant
ly. On his person was found an envelope
across which he had scrawled, "This let
ter made me desperate." Yesterday after
noon F. J. Millar, a 'late arrival from.
Dixon, 111., staying at the Hotel Termi
nus, the same hotel where John Augustus
Miller, the suicide, had a foom the day ha
shot himself, called in great excitement
at the Coroner's office. He said that the
mail that he had had addressed to him
at the: Hotel Terminus had *been opened
and taken by mistake by the man now
dead. A hasty, perusal of the envelope
across which John -Miller before shooting
himself had scrawled, "This letter made
me desperate." showed instantly that it
had been addressed to F. J. Millar and
\u25a0came, not from Providence, where the
dead man lived/ but from Dixon. 111.,
where now lives the wife of F. J. Millar.
So that it seems established "that the let
ter which caused Miller's despair and
drove him to suicide was not addressed
to him, was not written by any one he
knew and that he) went: to death under
some : hideous ' mistake. '
. LETTER Ol' MYSTERY GOXE.
The mystery of the affair is all the
deeper from the fact that the letter which
drove, to death* a man for'whom it^was
not meant exists.. no longer. The search
made on John Augustus Miller, after his
death, and through his belongings, failed
to discover the letter. Only the envelope
which had inclosed it remained, with its
despairing sentence. ' Andjiow F. J. Miffar
of Dixon, 111.,.; is asking, himself, "By
whom' was that letter, written. What did
'that letter contain?"
And in suspense! he is wondering
whether a replicator that letter is not
even . now speeding .by train to him
with its news^r tlijj.t drives men to
death. And " perhaps far within him
he wonders in- fear what will be his
act when it reaches him. Will its
meaning be such as to mako of life
an .unprofitable and grievous thing,
worthy only of being snuffed out? ~.
HOW 31 ILL All LEARXS TUUTH.
The manner in which F. J. Millar
learned of this strange imbroglio is al
most, a tragedy in Millar, com
ing from his home in Dixon. 111.,
reached' San Francisco Thursday and
took" a; room at" the Hotel Terminus.
He knew when he started- that he was
going -to stop there, and he had told
, his., wife; "\u25a0 who is in Dixon now, and
his friends there to address their" let
ters to the Hotel. Terminus. Tester
day a telegram was received at the
hotel asking information about .'his
suicide. The telegram came from his
wife and _was^ an answer to another
telegram That' she ' had received from
San Francisco announcing his death.
The sender of this: telegram is not yet
known, but,- of course, it. was to the
suicide of John Augustus Miller that
he referred. Hastily reassuring his
wife by wire, Millar then found that
letters: addressed to him at the hotel
had been opened by mistake by the
man that is dead.- Immediately rush r
ing to the Coroner's office, he found
that the letter itself that had ?. sent
John Augustus Miller -to suicide had
been -meant for- him. And now he is
wondering.
Grants Alternative W'rltn.
The Court of Appea.l granted alter
native writs -of. habeas corpus yester
day in, favor of W. J. Rogers; H. H.
Main and- Ernest Horwitz. The cases
will be argued before ; the : court next
Thursday morning. Rogers and' Main,
president and ; secretary respectively
of the^. defunct Watsonville :'\u25a0 Transpor
tations Company," .are defendants. In
criminal proceedings , resulting from
the -alleged., misappropriation, of the
f unds ] of the company. Horwitz is ac
cused of therembezzlement of a large
sum of money in - Shanghai.
Grand Army Inntallatlon.
. Arrangements have : been made for
the 'joint! installation of the recently
elected; officers ot Lincoln Post ' of the
Grand "Army of the Republic : and the
officers of Lincoln; \u25a0",,. Relief Corps,
.W.jß.jC..";. auxiliary to the post, in Lin
coln -Hall of the . Pioneer building, on
the itvenirig of Thursday next. -Albert
Hancock is the commander-elect ;of the
post and Belle Donovan, president-elect
of the^circle. These, two associations
are.working in absolute harmony In the
assistance v of .' Civil War): veteran s " arid
their dependent families. '; " v
Music ' Programme : at Park: To-Dny.
'^ Following.;. is 'Uhe park" music pro
gramme '! for, to-day: , March, "Gate City"
(Brooks) ; ' oyerture,,^,"Stradella'' ;.(Flo
tow);';!waltz.'>"Truthful : Eyes" , (W.
Clauder) ;ssolo for cornet '(selected). D.
C.VsRosebro6k; ; grand' fantasia, .'.'La
Boh'eme'M '(Puccini) ; ''overture,' ,~"Jolly
Students" V(Suppe);": "Minuet"^
erewski) ; : selection,'* "The Singing Girl?
(Herbert) ;. : paraphrase, "Home, , Sweet
Home"- (Nehl) 'i grand, selection, "Faust"
(Gounod). :. \-'/ : "- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-, :
Consalt on" Geary-Street!: Road Plans.
.iCity Engineer, : Woodward and Con
sulting" i Engineer ..Stut',hcld: a consulta
tion; yesterday..? relative ito";the"<: plans of
theiGearyrStreetf road. "•>' Certain t minor
changes iwere ! made : in ; the ' plans,\which
will ,be\flledwlth^the. Supervisors -next
month. v Thb^ estimates s of ; cost [of .1 the
entire f - road i are =\u25a0 variously : figured ' at
$539,104,i5563,793.\5619,707..'and: 1643,395,
according ;' to '.the ' typ# \u25a0ot I construction;
'. :::• '/\u25a0: - -.\ -V-- V-. - - [ .-; . -.;':\u25a0\u25a0 .
REMAINS WILL LIE IN
MOUNTAIN VIEW.
Funeral of Miriam Taylor Will Be Held
This Afternoon in A lamed a.
MISS MIRIAM TAYLOR, THE YOUNG GIRL. WHO MET A TRAGIC DEATH CT
, ALAMEDA -FRIDAY AFTERNOON BY BEING THROWN FROM-MER HORSE,
Y'WHK.'H HAD BECOME FRIGHTEN ED AND WAS RUNNING AWAY.
VACANT PLACE
IN HIGH COURT
Gossip Among Politicians
Relating to \u25a0 Appointment
of Tan Dyke's Successor
PAEDEE'S OPPORTUNITY
Lawyers mention the fact ,that, not one
of the Justices of the Supreme Court of
California hails from San Francisco. It
is therefore asserted jhat the Governor
would not make , a mistake if he should
select as Justice.- Van. Dyke's successor
some able lawyer of this city,
v ."W.'C. Van Fleet of this city served one
term onUhe Supreme bench, but he was
defeated for re-election in 1598. Ralph C.
Harrison of San Francisco was also an
Associate Justice of the high. tribunal, but
he failed , to obtain renomlnation for an
other 'term. The. notion thaw Superior
Judge Carroll .Cook desires appointment
to succeed the late Walter Van Dyke; is
misleading. It' would cause no .surprise,
however, if he should develop a deal of
strength as a candidate for the Supreme
Court or the Court of : Appeals of this
district at the Republican nominating
convention of 1906.
Politicians in the Republican camp are
saying that. Governor Pardee has now
an opportunity to adjust affairs in Ala
meda,, County •In a manner that would
gratify Judge Melvin and Senator Lukens.
It is said that he, could appoint Justice
Hall of the Appellate Court to the Su
preme bench and then appoint Judge Mel
vinHo the Court of Appeals. It Is an open
question, however, whether Justice Hall
would accept N the * promotion. He might
consider that a full term on the Court of
Appeals would be more desirable than the
unexplred-term of four years an -the Su
preme.bench.
- It : is , the common impression- that, the
Governor will look carefully over the field
of - aspirants 'in Southern California , and
' appoint'- some ion«"r from.; the place where
yen Dyke lived Twhenhe was nominated.
Reports to the effect that the Ruefters
of San Francisco are; getting ,in line 'to
' Buppbrt J. .; O. Hayes of ; San J<Jse for the
| nomination for Governbr may somewhat
; diminish the of Justice Lorigan
forrenomlnation ,to the. Supreme bAch.
The convention might consider, that a safe
\u25a0Republican '. • county . like Santa .* Clara
; should be • recognized by one » place on the
' ticket, but fought C not to : have 'two 'of
/the best places. Hayes ; could not expect
; outside support unless he 'presented some
thinglike a solid delegation' from his. own
county, and a delegation for Hayes might
not be a delegation for. Lorigan. , '
: When locality Is considered Santa' Rosa,
with- Judge Burnett'as'a'candldate,. could
advance the proposition that Jackson.Tem
i pie,*- \whose\plapeion \u25a0 the bench "Justice
Lorigan 2 now /occupies/ was a resident of
Sonoma. County,- when the people elected
him to the Supreme Court. •\u25a0
*:'•• Politicians are , not overlooking '! the ] fact
that ; the , nomination .of ';. three Associate
Justices .i of . the ' : Supreme , Court : by - the
State convention and ; the • nomination: of
nine Justices of the Court of Appeals by
district conventions composed of delegates
Pages 39 to 48
ALAMEDA, Dec. 30.— For the first time
in the ' history of this municipality tha
flag on tho City Hall flew at half mast
to-day out of respect to the memory of a
young woman, and that one was Miss
Miriam Taylor, the beautiful and popular
daughter and only child of former Stato
Senator and City Attorney Edward K.
Taylor, who met such a tragic end last
night when a saddle i.orse she was rid-«
ing ran away with her on Central avenu3
and wirew her to death. As another trib
ute of honor to the youthful departed
City Justice R. B. Tappan adjourned hi 3
' court this morning, and in sympathetic;
; sentence's referred to the untimely taking
'off o? an affectionate daughter and tha
i great bereavement ot a devoted father.
\ An inspection made to-day near the cor
; ncr of Central avenue and Grave street.
• where Miss Taylor was found, with her
1 head crushed and unconscious ' by ". Ed-*
\ ward Hill last night, showed that tha
i youthful rider's skull had not b«en frac-
I tured In falling from her wild mount, but
i that her life went out as a result. of be
ing carried against^ a heavy limb andf
; trunk A>t an oak tree with fearful force. -
Locks of the unfortunate girl"*- brown
hair were found clinging to tha bark of
the tree, having been torn from, her. scalp
in the collision.
• Miss Taylor, although but 18 years of
age, was regarded a* the most daring;
and expert equestrienne In ATameda and!
Oakland, and her mounts were always
high mettled thoroughbreds. Until re
cently she was wont to ride a noted
steeplechaser from the Boots' Stock Farm
and she would take any jump that ber •
horse was capable of making:. The young
lady was a skilled hunter and yachts
woman, and when her father owned th«
historic Emerald she was a member of
the crew; and took her trick at the wheel
with seasoned sailors.
During Senator Taylor's term, of 'office
at Sacramento eight years ago his daugh
ter was his constant companion and occu
pied a seat beside him in th» Senate
chamber. She was affectionately termed
the "Daughter of the Senate" and be
came widely known to the legislators thea
at the capital city.
Miss- Taylor's funeral is to. be- held to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from th«
residence of fcer uncle. Judge- M. Btuart
Taylor, 1377 Regent street. The Rev. "WHU
ste Martin of the First Methodist Church
will conduct the services. Interment la 0
be in Mountain View Cemetery.
SCOTTISH TUISTLE.CLtB
GIVES SUPPER ASH B.ILI*
Royal Chief Georse "W. Pattertoa Ex
tends "A C«l4* Neir..Ye«r ta
Araand A*.".
The Scottish Thistle Club rare Its
twenty-fourth annual Hogmanay sup
per and ball in Lyric Hall. 119; Eddy,
street, last evening. The grand.march;
was led by George W. Patterson and
wife, who were followed by about 300
couples. At 11 o'clock the merry
makers-marched into the banquet hall
and, the next two hour 3 were spent la
feasting and toaatmakingr.
T Royal Chief George W. Patterson,
who 'is retiring, into the rank* after
holding .office for twenty-two years,
acted as toastmaster and at mfdnigh;
rose and extended "A quid New Tear
to Aln and A'," after .which, many;
prominent' members of - the lodge fol
io-wed .with appropriate toasts.
to"! the main convention will introduce
many, conflicting elements in the nominat
ing body. - Aspirants ' for : position* other
than those of a Judicial character;. will
.find many .'good- reasons for n»t "^f~*JT't ta
the contest 'for. Judarssh!^ \u25a040
THBjgfOMI*
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, . . .Proprietor
Adfiress Coir.saunicatlens to
JOHX McX AUGHT Manager
W. J. MARTI3J. . . .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALU The Operator Will Con-
nect Tcu With the Department Toa Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson it.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 CU. Per Week, 75
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : mm _.
DAILY CAUL. <lnclud. Sunday). 1 year..sSOo
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). « moi *;«»
DAILT CALL— By Siarle Month «£o
Sf.VDAT CALL, 1 Year fg{
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear 10 °
w) Rn .» f Dally ...$B.BO Per Tear Exk*
POSTAGE, {weekly.. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ABE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
t-aapl* Ccpie* will b« forwarded when i*-
Quested.
Mall rjb*er!b*rt In orderlnj chanr* « ad-
dres* should be particular to tfvt both ftEW
AKD OLD ADDRESS In order to ln«if« a
ppcrapt and correct compliance wlta their re-
OAKLAXD OFFICE:
XOl6 Broadwa}' ...Telephone Main 1083
ALAMEDA OFFICE: .
J43S Park Eti^et. Near Santa Clara Arena*.
Phoa* Alameda SS9.
BERKELEY Oi"FICE.
tl*B Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE 14M G Etrett, N. W.
NE^V TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -ABteria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
Inloa 6<!uar«; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel &sd Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWB STANDS:
Sherman Eou»e; P. O. New* Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hstti; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GSOKGS KBOGNESS. Marquette Bulldinc
(Lcnr Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPUEN B. EMITH SO Tribune Bulldln*
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON; Herald Sauar«
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market street, oposlte Fifth; open until
11 p. re.
toe Montgomery aye. ; open until 8 p.m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
\u266639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ca.
f.15 Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. in.
3f>4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
506 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
J096 Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 0 p. m.
£200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p.m.
1314 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
until ft p. m.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
NELSONWOHNSCcPA^Car ™~"~
- <-j .Montgomery si., cyp. inns blag.
SNAP.
BARGAIN.
MtTST BE SOLD. *
$6.250 — North side; main business street
couth of Market, near 6th; 4 good flats;
rent* $50; the adjoining protieriy cold
last v. ten tor >..>'«•; nothing In the block
•selling at under JCOO per front ft.; a
positively assured profit of JI2GO to one
who can act quick.
57,250 — Harriet Et., backing against 6th-et.
property; the bare ground telling at
$150 per front ft., yet here you can get
« well-built flats la rood condition on a
50-ft. lot for less than what the bare
ground has been sold for.
$23,750 — Opposite the proposed site of the West-
ern Pacific depot; 46x165. running
through frota streei to street; well Im-
proved, with 6 well-built modern flats;
rent* $122, per month; these rents are
the. rents of the dull times and should
?B bs at least 25 per cent higher; main car
line street" and wfthla a few' steps of a
transfer i»olnt.
$25,000 — t»th st., a few feet from Howard; great
big lot. with choice Improvements; ab-
solutely the cheapest lot on this choice
business thoroughfare.
• $*,75O«— Beautiful Presidio .Height fiats: up-
to-date In every respect; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath ; on Clay street's choicest block,
fwrounded by new and up-to-date Im-
provements on all sides; choicest resi-
dence section in the city.
$$,750 — 30-ft. frontage on Buchanan St., near
Union; 6 flats Of 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
first -class vxmdition; rents $72; same
tenants for years; Improvements alone
cost fSCOO. i
$ 10. 000 — Bryant St., few steps from 3d; double
lot, running through to rear street : $ 5000
bank mortgage can remain; 4 well-built
flats in good condition.
Jo.oo0 — Harrison et.. north side, near 6th; 3-
story building; 3 flats; also cottage;
' rtnts $40 50; these are the. rents of the
<sull times, which have never been in-
creased.
$6,000 — Bryant Ft., near 7th; 27:6 frontage;
' right in the midst of the activity; an
immediate increase in value assured: no
long dftlay; here is where all the heavy
buylnj Is.
$C,750 — 7th St., near Bryant; 4 flats; first-
class condition; Ju« like new; modern
plumbing; Al investment, with good fu-
ture.
$4,250 — 30-ft. lot on Folsora Ft., near 24th:
cottage of 5 rooms and bath: in first-
class condition: lot alone worth the price
asked; this Ij> a choice section, with nice
improvements on all sides.
$10.250 — Fols*>m St.: rround alone selling In
this block et $425 per front ft.; this lot
has 2 frontages and Is Improved with 2
stores and fiat of 5 rooms; also cottagt
on rear 6treet-
sll. OCO— Bryant st., near Sth; 50-ft. frontage;
this Is positively a snap and the cheap-
est property In the entire section: In
view of the activity In this immediate
section a person Is absolutely assured
• of a profit of $2000 or more, possibly.
even before the sale Is closed.
$18,000 — Folsom St.. near 6th: great big lot.
improved with modern Improvements: 2
stores and 3 flats; new plumbing, etc.;
the cheapest piece on the street.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO..
203 Montgomery, et.. opp. Mills bldg.
— —
60L GETZ & SON. REAL ESTATE OWNERS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK AND OCEAN-
EIDB LOTS!
Profit by our judicious purchases.
We select cur properties in beet locations.
A.l Hake Money that buy from us.
$C5O to $1250 — Graded lots in Oceanside ready
to build on; near Park. Ocean and cars; unob-
structed, view of Ocean and park. Easy terms.
$250 to JlCoo— Lots along Ocean Shore R. R.
Route; also fronting Ocean Boulevard; buy
Irora Turners; best values; easiest terms!
$500 to $Soo— Richmond Height lots; choic-
est home sites ever offered at lowest prices.
Superb view of Park. Ocean and Spreckels
2,tk» from every lot. Choicest locations. Cor-
ner Point Lcboi and 31th ares. Lots in graded
block cir.net b« beaten.
See Them To-< Jay. ,
Oceassl£e Branch Office, Corner "H" St. and
«7th Aye.
Open Daily and Sundays.
f 150 to $400 — Excelsior Homestead and Ocean
View lots, only %Z> monthly.
$1500 to $3500— Modern cottages; splendid U>-'\
caticr.s in Sunset. Richmond. Oceanside and
Evccltior Homestead.
£OL GETZ * SON. OWNERS & DEALERS.
Room 64. Fourth Floor. Chronicle Bldg.
UJUMMMM|HksM| •\u25a0\u25a0——_— ' W« \u25a0UI»BsTfcSW itn iismi ~* -*
$2400— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
\u25a0 120: bouse Just completed contains large
kitchen and dining-room 12x14 ft., large par-
lw, 2 large bedrooms with a closet in each
room, bathroom, patent closet, etc.; also a
\u25a0 srrtall servant's room or storeroom and base-
ment; all modern improvements; located 3
blocks from the ocean and close to the H-
\u25a0 et. car Sine; in the best residence portion cf
Goeanside. commanding a grand view of th«
ocean and situated so that the bedrooms get
' . the. tun aJI day; gas and Spring Valley
water; near graded echool; no mud In wet
. neither; no dust in dry weather; the best
and healthiest locality to live In; $1000 cash,
balance in payments to cult. Address lor
further- particulars, box 3404, Call ofSce.
fiSti APIECE— 2 lots. 20x120 each, at Ocean -
side, within 7 blocks of the beach, facing the
ocean. :; blocks froni H-st. car line; site for
»the schoolaouse to be built within 2 blocks;
ibec* lots are rt&dy to build on and they are
a. bargain; i:,U cash, balance $10 per, month;
:io tax*; Jets in adjoining blocks are cell-
ing from $500 to $750 each. Address ' box
5137, Call ' office.
«I23O— LARGE lot, 150x125, corner, at Ocean
Vltw; a biff bargain. GEORGE W. AUS-
TIN, 1002 Brc&dway; Oakland.
1 REAL ESTATE—CITY— » FOB BAIJB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery »t.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneer*. \u25a0
$12,500— Pays 9 per cent net oa equity, of £20,-
000: a splendid Investment In. «tn-st.-
property; large lot 100x85; buildings up
to date and well arranged; owing to it*
proximity to the railroads It* future It
well established.
$30.000— Rent* $3086 per annum: corner on
Vallejo at.; Improved with 6 beautiful
and modern flats, commanding an unob-
structed marine view; sold only on ao-
count of closing: an estate; bulk' lng
alone cost over $20,000; lot 40x120.
$25.C00— Rents $2100 per annum; choice Golden
Gate-aye. corner; Inside of Fillmore St.;
Improved with stores and flats; mort-
gage of about $10,000 can remain; pays
over 9 per cent on equity; lot 40x57:6.
$18,000 — Rents $1628 per annum ; corner In the
Mission warm belt; Improved with 6
substantial flats of ' 4 room* and bath
end 1* always rented; near 18th and
Mission; lot 82:8x110; space E2:6x40
could ba utilized to great advantage by
» reeling S small flats; plans already
made. . .
$15,500 — Mlsslcn-st. Investment; 4 flats of 5
rooms and -bath each; lot 60x122:6; sani-
tary plumbing; buildings In good condl-
- ;\u25a0 tlon; good holding for future enhance-
ment.
$10,500— Rents $10S0 per annum; 3 new flats of
6 rooms each; unexcelled In arrange-
ment; modern In every .particular;
should be Inspected to bo fully appre-
ciated; Stelner at., near Duboce Park.
$10.250 — Folsoni st.. near 7th: business hold-
Ing Improved with stores and flat and
rear bouse; lot . 25x90, with double
frontage; present rents nominal, with
little expense could be made to yield
nice income.
$5.000 — Near Devisadero and O'Farreli sts.;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; also 5
rooms in' rear house: rents $486 per an-
num; lot 25x90; this proposition affords
not only a cozy home, but a nice in-
54,750 — 2 choice flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; In a good renting location near
9th and Howard: present rents low;
could be made to pay over 12 per cent If
high basement was turned Into a flat;
brick foundation as good as new.
$3.500 — Rent* $360 per annum: choice south
of Market investment: four 4-room flats;
In good condition; lot 25x60, backing to
Bth St.. near Bryant: owing to Its prox-
imity to the railroads its future Is es-
tablished: bank mortgage can remain.
$2.600 — Choice cottage not far from Van Ness
aye. and Union st. ; containing 5 rooms
and bath; lot 25x125: building In good
condition; a bargain.
For further particulars of the above, and
for the Real Estate Record, containing a list
of rrop^rtles for sale In all parts of the city,
apply to our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
OLIVER REALTY COMPANY,
1105 James Flood Building.
Call or write for free copy of our illustrated
booklet— "£ix Keys to Success. Buying-Sell-
lng." Will interest those who want to buy or
sell a property or business.
When referring to the following, kindly
mention record number.
SAN FRANCISCO.
S-4C8 — Two lots on Marshall st.; almost level
and ready to build on; $550.
S-45S — Ten lots, 25x70 feet, bounded by Jef-
ferson. Putnam and Nevada ayes. ; first-class
proposition for builder and contractor; will
make liberal arrangements; sell all or one at a
time; investigate.
S-453 — Fine apartment-house on Flllmore
corner; 4-story; substantially built by day la-
bor; 19 "-room apartment?, baths, toilets, large
closets; bell and hot and cold water service
complete; constantly occupied by superior class
of tenants since completion last May; monthly
income (350; will make liberal terms a^id fur-
nish le#see ' at rental equal to 0 per cent net
on the price asked, which Is $40,000; investi-
gate.
OAKLAND.
S-450— Neat cottage near Key Route; must j
be sold; mortgage at bank. $1000; Income, SlSO; !
investment at price of $1500. .- -
F-451 — Here's an opportunity to secure a
splendid home at moderate price; just being
completed; 8 large rooms, billiard-room, paneled
with open fireplace; modern and well built;
good environments; blx minutes to Twelfth st-
and Broadway; worth investigating; $5500.
S-452 — Good Investment here; 4 small 6tores
or. prominent street between Broadway and
Washington st. ; lot 50x100; In line of Improve-
ments and pure to be worth more in the fu-
ture; only $10,000.
S-459 — Good home on Twenty-third aye. : lot
56x120; worth $2500; can be bought for $2200 if
taken soon; let us Introduce you to this.
S-464 — Very nobby. 2-etory colonial residence;
convenient to Key Route station; south front;
strictly modern and a desirable property at the
price of $3000.
S-455 — Fine business block: modern brick
building; centrally located; $75,000.
CHEAP BERKELEY LOTS.
S-4C0 — Low-priced lou in Berkeley are get-
ting scarce; Investigate these promptly:
2 lots, 40x95 :4H. $«00.
1 lot. 40x95:414. corner, $750.
1 lot. 40x120. $550.
Write for our complete list. Issued weekly.
OLIVER REALTY COMPANY.
1105 James Flood Building.
SLOAN-KATZ REALTY CO.. Inc..
Room SOS. James Flood Building.
$31,000 — Post St., near Buchanan; C new flats;
up to date; rent $3240 per annum; 7-S-8
rooms and bath each; lot 55x137:6; a
safe investment.
$25,000 — Fine new residence on Chestnut St.,
between Hyde and Larkln; grand marine
view from Golden Gate to Berkeley
hills; lot 30x137:6.
$17,000 — Union St., near Pierce: 58x110; 4 ele-
gant up-to-date flats; 6-6-7-7 rooms and
bath each; good Income. $1800 per year;
each flat .has separate entrance, with
marble steps; no Interference with ' ten-
ants: grand marine view.
$16,500 — Magnificent residence: Devisadero st.,
near Sacramento; 12 rooms and 2 baths;
lot 51:6x110, with fine lawn and garden.
$15,000 — Handsome modern residence: Califor-
nia st., near Buchanan; lot 27:6x137:6;
a bargain.
$14,000 — Residence, 11 rooms and bath; Cali-
fornia St., east of Larkin: lot 37:6x137:6;
rented low at $00 per month; worth the
price without Improvements.
$10,250 — 2 brand new flats. 6-7 rooms; up to
date: Grove st.. near Devisadero; rent
$72 SO per month; a bargain; lot
25x137:6. . •
$3.750 — Splendid lot. ready for bulldlmr. south
line of Fell et.. near Flllmore. 25x137:6.
$5.500 — Residence of 10 rooms: Broderick st..
near Height; can be easily changed Into
flats at small expense; Jot 25x100.
Building lotn — In Sunset, ' Richmond. Oakland,
Alameda, Berkeley,^ Burllngame, San
Jose. Lo« Angeles; cash or exchange.
C. V. HUGHES & CO.. ~
«30 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
$110.000 — O'Farreli ft., near Mason, new 7-
, story, brick building; lot 27:6x137:6; 10
years' secured lease at $7800 per year.
$11.000-— Rents $114; Tayior St.. near Union;
3 new flats, 6 rooms and bath each.
$13. CCO — Cicte to Oak and Franklin e\a. : .1
fiat* and 2 flats on rear street; rents
$103 50: lot 23x120 to rear street: 0-7
. rooms and bath; modern plumbing;
mortgage $5100.
$42.0 CO — Close to Southern Pacific new freight
eheds, 100x85. with up-to-date Improve-
ments, renting for $3720 per \u25a0 year; 10
years' rents buy the property; what will
It be worth in ten years - for factory
purposes? Ten million dollars' worth
of property has been sold close by with-
in 4 months. , • . ; . •
$32.500— Rents $3350; close to the Ocean Shore
new terminal; 12th and Mission; lot
100x120, with modern improvements;
also have plenty of space to build in
the rear; mortgage $15,000 can remain.
$60.000 — Corner, close to Mission and 2d »ts.,
with 5-story, new, brick building leased
at $3600 per year to one tenant; lot SO
fe*t frontage; this Is choice.
J13.C00 — Close to Van Ness and Pacific ayes. ;
6 new, modern flats, with lot 34x137:6;
renting for $126 per month; this is
\u25a0 choice.
$16,500— Rents $163; close to Broadway and
Van Ness aye.; 6 new, modem flats;
lot S3 :6xl37 :6:what better than this?
$12,250— Rents $115; Washington St.. near Ba-
ker; 3 modern, tunny fiats, 7-8 rooms
* and bath; lot 25x102.
L. E. ATKINSON. 230 Bnsh st.
Phone Main 3677. Mills bids.
$31,000 — Corner on Mission st., inside 18th. ;
store and flats; rente over $200 per mo.;
large lot.. • - i • ..
$21.000 — Fine holding on Market st.. over 30- tt.
front; rents $160 month; new building.
$40,000— W. A. business corner, with rental of
$3780 per annum; always rented; with
street frontage over 150 feet.
$28,500— Six swell flats, fronting Golden Gate
Park; rented reasonable \u25a0at $200 per
month; lot 50x137:6.
$5,250— 52-ft. building corner. Inside Ist aye.:
flats on this would .pay handsome In-
come; fine view.
L. E. ATKINSON.- '
UOTII ERM EL t CO.. 507 California St., have
some good bargain* 'ln; city property; also
houses and lots In Berkeley, Oakland and
Alameda. Call or write for what you want.
3 NEW cottages, S.E. cor. 20th aye. and L et..
South San Francisco; will be sold at cost of
claims - for material. • etc >'\u25a0 Inquire GEO. M.
EASTMAN. Trustee, 534 Valencia «U
:?HE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY ,. DECEMBER '^3I, 1905.
REAL ESTATE—-OITY-~f6b - »ALB._
BAUSWIN & HOWELI*
28 POST ST.
$14,600— California St., \u25a0 near Larkln; lot ST :6
xl8T:6; fairly well Improved; splendid
site for apartment or flats.
110,000— Jackson at., near Spruce; lot 60x127:6;
sunny side; fashionable Presidio Heights
• district; owner non-resident; snap. .*
\u25a0 - I ' >\u25a0/- : -:\u25a0- - '
; $0,000 — Twenty-flfth are., north . of LaJca; lot
. 104x120; .- street graded,, sewered and
macadamized; fine marine view.
- \u25a0\u25a0 * \u25a0 ~ -. -\u25a0 . .> . . \u25a0 \
$3,250— 0ak-st. lot; Panhandle district; swell
location; 25x100; . cheap.
$4,42s— Broderlck st.. near Jackson; house of
6 rooms and bath; lot 25x87.
$3,6oo— Nice 6-room and basemtnt house In
Parnassus Heights district; only a raw
- steps from H-st. car line. ;:*; '.-.* j*s9,l6o—Wlllardj *-
$9,160— Wlllard St., near Carl; 8 elegant flats
of 5-6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x105;
rents $77 50. ,
$25,000— Rents $2140 a year; lot 50x95; granS
building: of: 3 stores, all leased; and. 3
flats; vicinity of Presidio aye. and
Sacramento st.; transfer corner.-
Twelfth st., opposite Ocean Shore R. R. ter-
minal— 25x75; will sell for $1000 a
foot in 12 months. •
$10.000— Fine business Investment: . rented un-
. der lease; splendid building; concrete
basement and foundation; store; and
: bay-window flat of 7 rooms and bath;
Howard street;, rents $720 per annum.
$40.000— Elegant new flats, near Hyde and
Clay streets; modern. In every particu-
lar; rents $320 per month: large' lot;
sunny side of street. . BALDWIN &
HOWELU 25 Post Bt. ' .• :r :
Send for, our monthly "Buyer and • Seller."
containing a comprehensive list of choice prop-
erties "for sale.
' PRESIDIO TERRACE, r.x
First aye.. Opposite Washington st.
A residence park exclusively, for homes:
we cut 40 lota out of .the property Instead
of 160 of the 25-foot kind, giving you plenty
of room and light. Quite a few people are
taking advantage of our foresight by building
beautiful homes there. No .flats or apart-
ments. ' Just homes. f'^-'i
Let us show you the property.
Baldwin & howell, 25 Post st.
We have for sale the best bargains In build-
ing lots in and about Parnassus Heights.
Lot* with street work all done between
H and I ste.; $1000 and upward.:'/ \u25a0V"'.
Cheapest lots in Sunset and Ocean Beach
boulevard. Easy terms.
Grand marine view lots in Sutro Heights
Addition: all 30-foot lots; all street work
done; sewer, water, gas and' electricity; fine
homes will be built here; prices will go up
rapidly. Four streetcar lines to Sutro Heights
Addition: >-
SPECULATORS AND INVESTORS!!
Lots, corner*, large portions of blocks and
whole blocks north and south of Golden Gate
Park at low&st possible figures.
Branch office cor. H st. and Sixth aye.
Branch office cor. 49th aye. and Fulton st.,
Sutro Heights Addition.
Open every day and Sundays.
DAVID HIRSCHLER, Manager,
BALDWIN & HOWELL, Agents,
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
SAN MATEO PARK.
A perfect spot in a perfect country; 24 min-
utes by Bay Shore Cutoff from San Francisco;
trains will be in operation by next August; no
ferry-boats nor changes; all a land ride.
Lots are 100x125; sswers and waters pipes
laid; roads macadamized; shade trees planted,
and a view that none on the peninsula can
equal; the elevation \u25a0 gives the vlew;100 feet
for J700!! • - '-\u25a0 _.-•• •\u25a0^-'•\u25a0- ••-- \u25a0
Go down there Sunday and pick out your lot
and on January 1, 1906, have your own land
Instead of paying for- some other person's;
terms 1-5 cash, balance to suit.
BALDWIN- & HOWELL, 2 Post st.
FRANK S. GRL'MMON. - San -Mateo "
. ; ';-...\u25a0•.-•\u25a0? and Burllpzame.
HOOKER^ LENT.
14 Post st. >
$7,ooo— Residence of 9 rooms and bath: big
basement; all In first-class condition;
lot 24:0x114; near Post and Fillmofe.
$60,000 — Howard-st." corner, east of New Mont-
gomery; 5-story brick building; rents
53600. '
$11,000— Rents nearly $1500 per annum; 40-
foot frontage; brand new- flats; near
Fillmore and Waller sts. •
$15,000 — Howard, near 6th; 3-story building of
17 rooms; rent ?50; lot 25x90.
Entire block In the 50-vara district,
on tha water front; suitable for manu-
facturing site: 275x412.
$28,000— Close to Market and Beale Bts.; 45:10 x
137:6; rents nominal.
$6,500 — Nrar Van Ness aye. and Broadway;
residence of 8 rooms, bath and . base-
ment.; -property in good order: key lot,
137:6 deep; must b* sold: offer wanted.
$10,250 — Near Bush and Powell sts. ; 4-story
building, in good order; rents $90 a
month; lot 30 feet front. \u25a0
LOTS. ,
,sSso— Lot 50x120 on 20th aye., near Point
Lobos.
$1,200 — 2d aye.. near Clement st. : lot 25x120.
$5,000— Lot 35x127:8; on the grade ;> ready for
, building; street bitumlnlzed; Presidio
Heights. . -
A grand location for apartments, flats
and corner stores, on California St.. east
of Presidio aye.; 175 feet deep; this is
by far the cheapest buy, ln the Western
Addition; price- and; terms at office.
$750 — Cheapest lot in the Sunset District; on
J St.. near. 12th aye.: 25x100. -
' $s,soo— Corner on 18th and ;Tork: 65x137:6:
fine for factory; offer wanted.
$2,200 — Lot near Frederick st. and De ; Long
aye.: 35x80; cheap.-
For different lists see other papers.- •'*
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post gt. .
MISSION Real Estate.
D. COFFIN &. CO. .
$SSO0 — New house, ti r. and b. ; all modern; cor-
ner Castro, and Hill sts.; easy- terms;
look at this to-day; inside houses $4800.
$4000 — House of 7 r. and b.; modern; 23d St.,
bet. Castro and Diamond; investigate this.
J22C0 — Modern cottages, 5 r. and b. ; 152 Cha-
pultepec st.; stationary tubs; basement;
this is a bargain. -
$4000 — House of 7 r. and b. ; 8-ft. basement;
lanje lot, 50x114; 341 Day St., bet. San-
chez and : Noe. -\u25a0.-\u25a0.-..- \u25a0 \u25a0
$1000— Lot 25x111. north side of 30th. 180 ft.
west of Sanchez. \u25a0
$700 — Lot 25x125. south side 'of 30th -st., 40
ft. west of Noe.
$3250 — Modern house, 6 r. and b. ; Diamond St.,
near 24th: $1000 down, balance like rent;
look at this. :
$3250— Modern- house, 6 r. and - b. ; 24th st.,
near' Diamond; $10C0 down, balance like
rent; always rented.
$6250 — Two new \u25a0 flats, 0-7 r. and b. ; all raod-
• crn; will be flnlshed In two' weeks; on
26th st..' near Dolores. ' . r . ...
$8350 — Two modern flats, 5 r. and b. each; ce-
ment walk: brick : foundation: Clipper st.,
near Dolores. .\u25a0\u25a0-..- : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0•
$1800 — Lot 25x100, east. line of Church 5t.. "70
ft. north of 24 th; work all' done. \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
$1300 — Cottage :of 4• r. and b., 823 Montcalm
at.: good basement; street graded, sewer,
new plumblnr. .«; \u0084 -. . \u25a0,:\u25a0.., _
$4200 — N W. ' corner Jersey \u25a0 nad Sanchpz ' sts. ;
i lot 80x101. with cottage : and .vacant lot,
\u25a0 \u25a0 80x80.--- - \u0084 . :•'•\u25a0'. - \u25a0-\u25a0-. n- \u25a0 ..... -7, -;,,..
$1500— 24th-st. lot, 25x114 ; between No« . and
•Castro, north; side. . \u25a0 '_ i \u25a0' "-•\u25a0\u25a0..,:\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0
14000 — Modern cottage, : 5 r. \u25a0 and b. : reception
hall:. nice isunny_attlc rooms: lot 50x114;
\u25a0 E96523d St. ; - ' -.- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.••\u25a0:\u25a0',.-. ;>
Before you move. tel. Mission 203 for our
list of Mission property to let and for sale. -
'. D. COFFIN. 2528 Mis Mo net.. near 21st.
UNITED STATES IMPROVEMENT^ AND IN-
- -.--.\u25a0: VESTMENT. COMPANY.
. C3B CALIFORNIA STREET. '
REAL ESTATE DEPARTMENT. : .- *:\u25a0
$31,000-»Thlrd St.,' \u25a0 fronts . on two ; streeta; old
buildings now. on I rented at nearly $2000
\u25a0\u25a0 • : - ; ft year; bargain. •'. - . \u25a0\u25a0- .:?-.\u25a0••\u25a0•\u25a0-.:\u25a0.-\u25a0 - ; -- ; ..
IlT.soo— Corner: rented $117.60; vicinity Polsotn
and Sixth sts.; store and flats. v -
. $7,2so— Rented $810 ; a>• year; , corner; 3 ; » new
flats; warm belt Mission: choice location.
$5,700— Richmond; vicinity 4th aye. and B at.;
2 - new flats, S - rooms : and t bath -; each;
separate yards; rented $41 50 a month.
FOR aaleby ' • :»
'* JULEEN SMITH. 420 Montgomery «.
MARKET ST. CORNER.,* i -
Bee that fine, level; sunny. corner of Market;
and Seventeenth sts. ; only $200 per foot. Is it
not reasonable , to expect ; this > property to sell ,
for $300 within three years?"- \u25a0"- •'\u25a0^ i
HOWARD 'AND THIRTEENTH STS.:,
Corner Lot. » 106x118. .: -' ;>• 4 .-.;•
- In the .very center of , th* district now. most
Interesting buyers: only two blocks from I Mar-
ket st. and on or^ near Incoming I , railroads.-; No
corner -of .Its *t re for sale - east of It on ' Mis-
sion. Howard ; or Fol«om ' mt*. * ?-':
RBAIi ESTATE-— CITY— FOR SALE.
SAGE, DEALET & CO.; ~ . %
638 Market sty; opp. Palace Hotel, . .. "
\u25a0 '.- : Real B»tate Agents and Auctioneers.
Houses Rented. ; Rents : Collected. \u25a0 Insurance.
$210,000— Extremely large corner on 6th ? St.,
:-.-. , ': not tar: from* Market; 'Improved.; with
modern 5-story building; .stores "and
rooming-house; rents t&so per month. "v" v
$135,0C0— Mission St., near 2d; 48 feet through
to rear street; 2 frontages; \u25ba improved
. with 6-story and basement -modern
.. brick building; under- lease to one ten-
\u25a0\u25a0-. v - ant at $800 per month. . •>'
$82,500— Magnificent corner On Main st., Olx
137:0 feet;. Improved; with old build-
ings; rent $20V, • per i month; desirable
site for manufacturing pu rposes;" mort-
gage of $45, 000: can remain. ,
$70,000— Magnificent corner on Sacramento St.,
• situated - in ; . the - best \u25a0 portion -of the
wholesale district; ; lot 45x137:6 feet;
nominal - improvements renting • for
$232 CO per month; mortgage $35,000 at
4Ji I>er ctnt. ~ "'\u25a0* ',' •"-:\u25a0-. .-\u25a0-\u25a0"-
s6B,soo— Greatest ' sacrifice ever . offered ; on,
2<3 st.; must be sold immediately; 105 x
275 feet on corner near, Folsom St.: ex-
ceptionally desirable for manufacturing
. • purposes; •\u25a0 new \u25a0 avenue .of ' traffic from
the Pacific Mail docks to Market St.;
property along this avenue must ad-
vance.- -
$50,000 — Important business : corner on best
- block of McAllister st. ; extremely large
• lot, 63x120 feet through to Ash aye. ;
'-, Improved with modern building con-
taining stores, : houses ; and flats; rents
very low, $342 per month; the future
of .McAllister st. as a business center
\u25a0 •\u25a0' - .is positively assured. -:\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 •'\u25a0
$50,000— Turk-Bt. , Investment, renting . f °r
$5160 per annum; installment loan Hl-
\u25a0-'\u25a0 bernia Bank, $25,000;- Improvements
lees than' one year old; all: rented;
building thoroughly modern; .built by
day's labor.
, ; $45,000 — Kearny-st. business Investment; well
Improved, with 8-story • brick building;
extremely well rented; situated not far
from Market «t.
$42.500— California Et.. near Kearny; ex-
tremely large holding; lot' 65x137:6
feet; \u25a0 nominal . improvements; .. mortgage
of ?25,000 can remain; this is a mag-.
-\u25a0-.".' niflcent site for a modern office build-
' ing. -•• :\u25a0_\u25a0- _ \u25a0\u25a0 - .-: . ('• X \u25a0 "
$40,000 — Valencla-st. business corner; posi-
tively the best improved business cor-
ner on Valencia st: large • area of
ground; 3-story building; stores and
• flats permanently rented -at $220 pep-
month; this property should r bring at
least $260 per month.
$30,0UO — 50 foot frontage on Folsom at., near
\u25a0 6th; portion of lot running through to
rear street; 160 feet In depth; rents
$160 50 per month; mortgage of $15,000
can remalnl \u25a0
, $25,500 — 6th-st. business investment; 75 foot
frontage. Improved with 3-story • build-
ing. . .--.-... -.-..'
$26.0CO— Folsom St., rear ' 4th; magnificent
holding; 35 foot frontage by 160 feet in
depth, through to rear street; very well
improved: present rent $146 per month;
.investigation will show they should be
increased to $160;: market value of this
property to-day, ; $30,000.
$25,000 — Rth-st. Investment; 50 foot frontage;
well improved; property 8.11 rented at
$127 per month: no leasp- on building:
mortgage of $15,000 at 6 per cent can
remain. .
$20,000 — Entire block of choice land, consist-
ing Of 50 lots situated in the best por-
tion' of the Sunset District; 2 blocks
'*\u25a0:\u25a0 from the blue electric car line;- posi-
tively the cheapest block in this fast
growing neighborhood.
$18,000 — Folsom st.", near- 6th; 37 foot front-
• . age; improved: with 2 stores .and i 3
flats above; present rent : $107 per
month; mortgage of SGCOO can remain.
$12,000— Folsom St., near 7th: 25x160 feet,
through to Clementina St.: 2 frontages;
Improved -with stores and flats; Just
two blocks from. the new Postof flee and
in close proximity to the terminus of
the Ocean Shore Railway; great chance
for speculation. "
$9,500 — 6 brand new flats of 3 rooms and
bath each: all rented to flrst-cla?s> ten-
. ,' ants: situated :In the best portion of
the Mission district: close to /Market
st. ; -paying unusual interest; rent $106
per month. \u25a0 •
$7.500 — 3 magnificent new flats, situated In
beet portion of the Western Addi-
tion; rent $74 per month.
$7,230 — Greatly reduced; rents $66 50 per
month; . holding on Harriet st.. back-
ing up to Oth: 50 foot, frontage; im*
: ' provemer.ts, 6 flats. ...
$5,830 — Reduced for quick sale; Minna fit.,
lets than 200 feet f roi»[ 3d: jCOod, build-
ing, could be easily converted into three
flats, with small outlays- lot alone worth
the money; a bona fide bargain. \u25a0'-.«\u25ba ;
$s,ooo— Folsom St.; near "20th;. modern cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath; rent X.15 per
month. \u25a0 . - ' "
$4, SCO — Broadway, near Pierce; choice build-,
ins lot: marine 'VI^W.H W^"-- : . ; :.x
. $2,500 — Broadway.; near "'Taylor; cottage
* renting for'fl". .- \u25a0
$3,600 — East line of Harriet .St.," near Bry-
ant; lot backing up.,to rear of 6th St.,
which will becomev.extremely- valuable
when 6th-6t. frontage' la improved;, im-
provements,'^ flats ;~S ; rooms and tank
'\u25a0 ' toilets." '..': *5-.! " -.. '\u0084 •:.. \u25a0 ;\u25a0
$1,300 — Pftcriflce.'-' ram-iflee. i saerlflce; H-st.
building lot. rear :17th aye., - facing
Golden Gate Park; blue EIIIB cars pass
this property; two blocks fast of prom-
inent lJ>th-ave. boulevard; mortgage of
?700 can remain.- '\u25a0 « \u25a0 .•
$1,250— Snap In building;, lot -on \u25a0 Bth aye..
\u25a0 near H st; street work all done;
. sewer, water and gas pipes all laid.
$750 each— 2 fine building lots on 27th aye.,
\u25a0Vr'-'.- : .<\u25a0- near Point Lobos; 55x120 feet each.
SAGE. DEALEY& CO..
638 Market ?».. opp. Palace Hotel.
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January. 1R53.
• REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL. CnARGE TAKEN*. OF PROPEHTY.
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House. ;"--
$ 62,000 — Folsom-st. corner, i near ; 3d Bt. ; two
frontages; 15,600 cquare feet: only cor-
ner on Folsom st. Inside offered for any
such price. •*
$45,000— Stores and 10 flats; flne corner on
Devisadero st. ; new building; rent $4200
> per annum; Increase May 1 .next; lot
50x105 feet. - -
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Get our list of lots on Pacific. . Preeldlo. Jack-
eon.' Washington. "Walnut and Laurel
;\ st».: choice \u25a0 marine view; lots 30, .35
and 45 f«et frontage. / -
Dupont, SW. cor. Greenwich ;! corner and. ad-
Joining pieces- grand income property.
Call for . prices and . particulars.
$11,000 — Fine residence on'O'Farrell st. 1 , near
Octavia; rented low :at $65 monthly;
largo lot, "0x137:6; must be sold; see
this and get a. bargain.
$15,500— Six new flats, 6 rooms and bath each;
rent $133 50 - : month; fine : corner 'on
'. .:- Hayes st.; reduced, in price to make
Immediate sale. r.-;j: : •:
.$6,250^ — Two nice flats on Taylor st.V n«ar
California: rent $50 month; bargain;
owner wants money at once. • , '
$9,000 — 2 modern' flats;.- Page st., ""near Park;
. rents $870 per annum; elegantly. finished;
good Investment.' -
$7,soo— Reduced from. $800 to niake lmme-
.» dlate sale, fine home of, 10 rooms and
bath.; on Walnut st.;: In good location ;
\u25a0 look at this if-youwant a home cheap.
$7,soo— Shrader st. ; fine: home; new; 0 rooms
-and bath; lot 25x110; owner going East;
. . must sell; -make offer.
$I,soo— Reduced agaln;:dirt cheap; fine corner
toil 17th St.; three lots; beautiful site for
a fins home;; must be sold/ See this and
. get a bargain, v ..
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Two goods lots on Clipper st., cheap;- large
corner; in Excelsior Homestead.'
MADISON ;& BURKE,
.30 Montgomery st. ,
B. GETZ. ROOM 22, CHRONICLE BLDO
Owner ' and - Dealer. '•\u25a0
Everybody Makes Money I Sell Toll -
Bargains'. Nothing ;\u25a0 But ; Bargains ! •
Pacific Ocean Heights and Ocean Side Lota
:---H)th-»ve. •••Official" Boulevard Lots •
" ". '. Celebrated Sunset Heights Lots. • ;.-
All on Coming Ocean Shore and'Parkslde R R."
- Most Magnificent Marine and . Park View -
\u25a0 $300 to $1000— Graded lots ready to build upon!
$600 '! and up— Richmond t and north of Park
lots; : fins , views of Park,' lake \u25a0 and ocean.
$100 to $350— Excelsior* and Ocean View , lots.
iX, All My. Properties! Sold on Easy Terms. -
$1000 to $3000— Cottages and houses on terms.
'.ll'.Buy '< Direct 'From ; the Owner!!!
B. QETZ. ROOM : 22, -' SECOND FLOOR,
CHRONICLE BLDG.. . , \u25a0 -\u0084. :r .-. :-r ; :
A : COZY cottage in Garden : Tract S Homestead ;
located: between / San s ßruno \u25a0; ave."> and^ Rall-
•-. road - aye. ; :\u25a0 convenient '- to - Rlsdon and -i Union
Ir on, workis; iroonis; 1 hard flnl»h:>newly ren'
:\u25a0; ovated ; -i high fe basement; brick v foundation ;
lot - 25x100; $1700; $150 > cash, balance like rent.
: i Fine bargain; -Ingleslde --: residence. * 7
. "rooms ; . two blocks from \u25a0 car line; " lot 25x100;
$1700; > $150 : cash,* . balance » like rent. « . •, i •
\u25a0 > Neat : cottage ~ of is ' rooms f ln~- Sunnyslde;
brick foundation; - sheds and ; chicken-houses;
'lot 25x100; . price $875; $75 down, balance like
' Tent^HnMSNpsaHMMHmßnai
: --•-\u25a0- \u25a0 -: \u25a0 w.;N. Russell, :; ; ---
.X 301? Calif ornla v st^;. Ban j Francisco, j Cal.' = -•; ;
ABOUTT' SIOOO cash, bal. at $50 1 monthly, will
V; buy ; NE.-! cor. i with < a"., handsome, new <. 6-room
house; cars pejs doer. See MoUw. 417 Market.,
$9500— Store j and 2 1 flats, l near ! Devisadero tJEfi
best banrain in district. / Box 4850., Ca1l. > \u0084
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR , SALE. ;
J. W. - WRIGHT & i CO.. 630 MARKET ST.
$21,000-^R«nt |210 per. month, elegant • corner
on : Golden .- Gate ' aye. ; : 8 * new, \ modern, -
" up to date " flats, very ' artistically and
substantially built; lot 87:6x100 feet; no
• better Income ' property In • the city. .
$50,000 — Rented low ; at $2700 per annum;
choice \u25a0 business property -on Davis st. ;
lot v ooxl37 :6 feet; . good modern > brick
. ; building-lease will expire In two years
and . rents . can bo raised to $350 per
month. ».,.\u25a0. .\u25a0•-.,;.! ' ; -^-.
$50,000 — Hents $300 per month; 3 stores and 4
.flats: b«st business block on Mission st.;
'lot 60x160 feet Irregular; 10 years se-
cured lease; see thU at once and make
\u25a0 offer. \ -?-,-\u25a0 - .-.\u25a0•;\u25a0:: ": .-\u25a0--\u25a0• \u25a0•-.\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 --'.'\u25a0 \u25a0
$46,000 — Choice corner on Devlsadero «t. ; lot
; 60x106 feet; modern • building of stores
and flats; renting for $350 per month;
bank mortgage Of $23,000 can remain, v
$30,000— Choice corner; vicinity of Laguna and
:Broadway; lot '40x120 feet; "\u25a0\u25a0B elegant
flats renting for $253 per month; must
be sold to close an estate. '\u25a03ts&gjg&Hß
$27.000 — Choice corner on Butter »t; new, ele-
gant building: Of 4. stores' and * flats;
renting for $212 50 per month; bargain.
$20,000 — Rented low at $2100 - per annum: S
new, modern, up to date flats of 6
' rooms and bath each : well located on
McAllister St.; very large lot.
$19,000 — Rent $215 per. month; 6 elegant, new,
modern flats; very artistically and sub-
\u25a0 etantlally built; well located la the
Western Addition; no better : Inoom«
property in the city. ' ".-• \u25a0-, *
$18,560 — Fine- 4-story building of ' 21 rooms;
down town; inside 7 of Powell st; rents
$120 p«r month; rented cheep; 2 front-
'\u25a0\u25a0 -' ' ages. -- - - '-'\u25a0\u25a0-.
$16,000— Larkin st., near Clay; 84 feet front-
age;- 3 swell flats renting for $128 per
\u25a0-.' month ; : off er wanted.
$15.000 — Rented low at $97 50 per month; lot
COxSO feet; 3 elegant houses of 6 room*
and bath each; Guerrero st., near Seven-
teenth; must be sold; offer wanted.
$12,000 — Folsom et.. near Tenth. • : lot 25x05
feet; 2-story building covering entire lot;
. Store and 15 rooms; nominal rent; lease
about to expire. *
$10,500— Folsom »t., near Sixth; lot 25x85 feet;
2 houses renting for $57 per month.
$10,000 — Rent $106 per month ;i« new, modern
flats of 3 rooms. and bath .each; every
room light and sunny; H block from
Market st.
$9.7so— Rents $78 00 per month; 4 flats of 5-6
rooms -and bath -on Grove et., - near
Franklin: lot 27:6x120 to rear street; 2
\u25a0 frontages; always rented. ;
$9,500 — Rents $85 per month; 3 new, modern,
up to date flats of 5 rooms and ba'.h;
-,'-.V :' t elegantly situated . on California et. ; lot
\u25a0./;-;\u25a0' 23xloo feet; bank mortgage of $4000 can
. . - remain; must be sold.
$9,000 — Rents -. $87 per . month : 10 apartments
of 3 rooms each; nearly new; south of
Market st., . near Third; lot SIxSS feet;
;,"- : - best, income proposition aouth of Mar-
ket.' St.. -,-, . . \u25a0 .:
$3,000 — A fine corner of store and flat on
Seventeenth st.. dose in; lot 50x80 feet;
: improvements are old; renting . for $52
per month; lot alone worth "the money.
$B. ooo— Rents $70 "per month ; 4 flats »f 5-6
rooms and bath on Turk st., near Pierce;
. lot 25x120 feet to rear street; 2 front-
ages; rented cheap..
$S,COO — Renttd low at $»10 per annum: 4 new
. .modern flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
j very eelect location; one block north of
Market st.
$3,000 — Central aye.. a few steps from Pan-
handle; elegant modern residence of 9
-rooms and bath; lot 25x106 feet.
$7.750 — Choice' business property. on Twenty-
fourth St.; lot 25x114. feet; fine modern
' building; store and 2 flats of 6-7 rooms
and bath each; rented for $75 per month.
$7,250 — Vicinity of Nineteenth and Castro
ets. : lot 27:6x125 feet; 4, new, modern
flats renting for $72 per month.
$6,750 — Rent $50 per month; 2 good flats of
6-7 rooms and bath each; north line of
. Jackson St.. near Taylor St.; lot 25x
137:6.
$6,750 — Rente $55 per month : store and flat of
6 rooms and bath; vicinity of Devlisa-
derj» and Oak ets.; lot 23x137 :tt; new
. plumbing, etc.
$5.750 — Rented cheap at $47 50 per month; 2
. new, modern flats of 4-5 rooms;- lot
25x103; en California St.; $500 cash and
• $20 : per month. -.'••• \
$5,750 — Rented low at $600 per annum; 2
choice/marine view flats of 7-B, rooms
: and bath each; lot 25x80 ft. ;\u25a0 bargain.
$5,500—2500 Sutter St., 30 feet west of Brod-
erick; \u25a0 price reduced for ' quick sals:
store and flat above •of 6 rooms and
bath; good substantial \u25a0 building; brick
• foundation; this Is a big bargain; tee
. it to-day. .
$5,250 — Rents $40 per month; 2 flats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; on Buchanan St.,
v -ntar Bush;- lot 22:0x52 ;6 ft.; lot alone
- worth the money.: '
LOTS.
•'$2,150 — Corner; lot. 50x05 feet; near 19th and
i-> \u25a0' •\u25a0\u25a0-.>! Castro - sts. . \u25a0 -. • •':\u25a0 .'\u25a0\u25a0--
' $4-,750 — Choice corner on Howard" st.; lot 23x
\u25a0:\u25a0•-.- ICO feet; fine location . for stores and
\u25a0• \ .flats. ':. . \u25a0 -..,- ;„ . ,
$3,100— Lot 25x112 feet on Page St., near Ash-
, '.- . bury; ' level and - ready. \u25a0 to build, on;
\u25a0 - street work all done.
$2.6oo— '•Lot 25x60 feet on Larkin st. ; level and
• , \ ready to build on; street work all done;
• bargsln. *
$I,ooo— Lot 25x07:6 feet; 20th St.. near Castro.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. W3O Market at.
SPECK ft CO (Member Real Kstate Board),
209 Montgomery st. Phone Pr.* Ex. 05.
$110,000 — Magnificent holding on 3d st. ; a cor-
ner with 275 feet street frontage; nom-
inal | improvements; a judicious expen-
diture could make this one of the best
paying Income properties in the city.
$90,000— Leavenworth H., near Eddy; 83- foot
lot; well improved and double frontage;
rents $500 month; stores and lodging-
, house. •\u25a0\u25a0••.• ' • '
$25,000 — Splendid 37:6 'foot corner- on Union
et.; close In; fine Improvements, stores
and flats: rents $2200.
$20,500-'-Exceptlonally fine buy in large in-
come paying flats in choice location:
Western Addition; 42 foot lot .and all
rented for $2340 year.
$20,000 — Turk St.. near Buchanan; houses and
flats on lot 52x120 feet, running
through to rear street; Income about
$1800;- can obtain ". loan of $13,000 on
this property; pays big on Investment.
' $18,000 — Bargain on Bills st., east 'of Van
Ness; 27- foot lot with two frontages;
Improved ;. with 14-room 'house -in front
and. small flats In rear; present.. rents
low by reason of existing lease expir-
" ing in May next, when property will
yield $125 month.
$16,000— Fine large corner;; 12th st, on line
Ocean Shore Electric R. R. ; over 5000
t ,'... square feet. :
$14,000— Splendid buy on B'rannan St., near
3d;44 feet, with two frontages. :
$9,soo— Bryant St.. near 6th; 8-story building.
27 foot lot; rented for about $700;
worth more. .
$7,ooo— Superb corner. Sunset District. 182:6 x
100 feet; unsurpassed marine,' park and
\u25a0 city view; 16th &t. ; close in.
SPECIAL.:
$32.500— Extraordinary opportunity to procure.
: magnificent; residence," 15 rooms and
\u0084. bath; .stable and carriagra .house on
grounds; mahogany ; finish; elegant ap-
pointments throughout; . ' original cost
' $70,000; as rood as new ;> on prominent
\u25a0 car line; .good.n eighborhood Western
\u25a0\u25a0'- Addition, commanding extended and
:\u25a0 panoramic- view;, lot 73x137:6 feet;
' \u25a0'\u25a0', - must' be^ sold, even sacrificed;, offer in-
vited. "
' -SPECK & C 0... -"
\u25a0 200 ; Montgomery »t.'
~~ HAWKS & : SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire ' Charge Taken of
\u25a0 *• Property.
$36,000— Front st., near Clay; brick b<illdlng
\u25a0 ",- In- the wholesale district; lease 4 years
\u25a0 ' at -the low rent of . $170 per month; lot
' 27:8x120.
$20.000— Corner; flne building, stores and flats;
on '\u25a0 Leaven worth - it ," north ' of * Jackson ;
. ' rents $110 : per '\u25a0 monihrfS^tS€}S'HV*f»*WL
$12,500 — West line of Steiner . st., , near Vallejo:
\u25a0 handsome,- modern house- of 10 rooms;
TWWBJKfIne marine, view; lot 27:6x110. ;, : asSS^j
$10,000— Investment- paying .: 6 per cent net;
• . Bush r et.; . near Van Ness axe.; 2 front-
iWWfiTHni Jw*iniii >| i | *wiww |||^MSni!. | '^>' i i"iin/r >
$13,500 — 2 mod*rn flats- on 50 feet. on Polk st.,
- near Fllbertji? rooms each;-flne marine
view;, nice garden Ton half the lot. .
$3,2so— Flats omTreat aye:.' near. 20th; street
wide and. bltuminized; rents $34; a good
; investment. ;- .' ---~ .... ;. ; -.
$9,soo— Filbert St.. between Hyde and Larkin;
• . good house Of 10 . rooms; . lot 48x187. . -
$1,000 '\u25a0Corner. , 100x150. ; in • Bay ; View Home-
y *ad ; close ito electric cars ; a snap. '
$2.000^- Inside lot.'. 150x200; - near the above.
Another snap. 'V-
v HAWKS A* SKELTON.
" . •\u25a0; 323- Montgomery'. st.-- .
\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 ' START : THE : TEAR i RIGHT. . - \u25a0 /
. Why not buy a home of your own? You can
do it.-' Very little oash 1 required, balance same
as -. rent. -- Look • into * this, don't delay. \u25a0» We
have numerous ; pretty and artistic homes. \u25a0' At
all prices to suit everybody. The following
• $160 "cash, balance ; $30 > monthly; , Eltrabeth
st.. near Castro ; and • 24th st cars; two-story
house, 8 r. and b.; all modern Improvements.
'/.•:•*. a: -?'::•-\u25a0\u25a0 : r-- '?* $3230. .- . \u25a0-. - ; ::-.\u25a0 \u25a0„ .. -
-\u25a0• $500 a cash. •? balance > monthly; ?, pretty \bay-
wlndow- cottage, 6 r.' and b. : high basement'
large • conser\ - atory : ; South ' Broderlck : st \u25a0 ;•
.%.» \u25a0; -; - ' $5750 TO $8500.- .: . -. j
- $1000 cash, balance monthly: beautiful -resi-
dences,* 616 1 to - 10 r. : and :- b. : t finished in .- natural
woods: ' latest \u25a0 6anitary plumbing;-" flne - views
of : clty.-.T-"- " -'-•.-* t - \u25a0\u25a0"- .-. \u25a0-
s . t . •-:.-, v:.. , \u25a0_, .. $7500.- -\u25a0'-'. - - •' : -. :
i : : $1000 i cash, i balance ,: monthly; *. Frederick St.";
near s Cole : • Snglish » basomest j residence, ' 10 lr.
and >b. : i artistic; in \u25a0 every.- detail ; \u25a0, key ' lot; ; sun
and 5 ll»ht*- In j every J room, s•' \u25a0 . :u • •• .-. . . / • : - .
X.TON& HOAG. 116 Montgomery »L
REAIi ESTATE—CITY— FOR iALB.
$10.500— Larklnst.NW cor. Filbert st. 40xlW
It.: beautiful, marine view lot; would
' make grand location for flats or apart-
:. ment house.. , " . _ *
: $12.600— 20th-st corner, near Diamond. 7 new
. flats. 4 rooms and bath each; rents «lis>
\u25a0por month; lot 23x97:6 feet _*.*•_•
$37.600— 8u5h St.. near Mason: 3-« tory resi-
dence of 12 rooms and 2 baths; could b«
remodeled Into flats or apaxtment &?"•••
$s,6oo— Pino st.; near Webster; Z-«tory house
0 rooms and bath: lot .25x112:6 feet.
mortgage $3000, can remain: a positive
bargain. , o a
$40,000— Post st.. near Hyde. *T line, over 60
* ft. front by 137:6 ft.; frame. Improve-
ments renting for $160 per month; mort-
gage J20.000; an Ideal location for hotel
or apartment house. • <
$7,000 — Baker St.. near California: modern
residence of 9 rooms and bath; rents for
$45; lot 27:6x110 feet; mak« offer.
$2*soo— Union st, near Flllmore; 4 fine flat*.
7 rooms and bath each: rent $160 per
month; lot 70x137:6 "feet; absolutely
first class.
$30.000 — Twelfth St.. near Mission: frame im-
provements; lot 70x175 feet to rear
street; Improvements pay about $115 per
month. . A snap.
$25,000— Jackson-st. corner; 3 beautiful new
flats, 8 rooms and bath each; every mod-
ern convenience; extremely artistic;
large reception hail: -hardwood floors,
teamed ceilings In dining-rooms; electric
lights: nickel plated plumbing through,
out; all leased; rents $180 per month:
- lot 32:8 Kx81 feet. On» of the .safest
and best propositions In the market to-
day.
$27,500 — Montgomery ave-. near Kearny at.; 4-
story brick building; :2 stores and lodg-
lng-houe* above; rents $145 per month;
lot 63:11% feet on Montgomery are. by
Irregular d«pth; a gilt-edged Investment.
$12,600 — Vallejo-st. corner, near Buchanan;
lot -40x137:6 feet; grand marine view;
lot ready to build on.
$22,500 — Californla-st. corner; substantial two-
story and basement residence; 14 rooms
and tw 0 baths; first-class condition; lot
68:0x110 feet.
$16,000— Folsom-st. corner, near' Third; lot 25x
100 feet; Improvements. 3 flats; rent $91;
mortgage $7500 can remain.
$9,000 — Page st., near Flllmore; fine substan-
tial residence of 9 rooms and bath; rants
for ?60; up-to-date In every wayj lot
20x137:8 feet '
$20,000 — Townsend st.,' near Fourth; 8-story
trame and corrugated Iron building; rent
- $125. per month; lot 22:11x120 feet; ons
of the best Investments on the market
to-day.*.
$22.500 — Pacific aye.. near Laguna st; elegant
1 modern residence; salon parlors; 4 bed—
room*, billiard-rooms, electric and gas
lighting; modern In every respect; beau*
tlful marine view; lot 27x127 :8& feet;
a bargain.
$40,800 — Fourth st, near Harrison: 2-story
brick and frame building; one tenant
pays $12 month; large lot. 51x80 feet;
• positively one of the best bargains of-
fered, considering the grand future of
this, street
$50,000— Fourth-st corner, near Harrison; over
10,000 square feet; old Improvements; no
leasts ; further particulars at our, office.
$s,soo— Filbert st. near Broderfck; marine
view residence; 7 rooms and bath.; extra
large lot; finished basement and garage.
$1,600 each — Twenty-fifth aye.. near Lake st. ;
grand marine view lots; 31x120 feet
each; just put on the market; will sell
tor cash or terms.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB & CO.,
218 and. 22o Montgomery st. Mills bids.
OSCAR HETMAN & BRO., 115 SUTTER ST.
POINT LOBOS HEIGHTS.
ITS ADVANTAGE&
Electric cars pass the property; the famous
Scenic Route to the Cliff House terminates
within a. few blocks; each lot graded and
streets put on official grade; unparalleled
panoramic view; Cliff House, Sutro Baths.
Sutro ' Heights. Golden Gate Park and ocean
beach only a few minutes' walk; gas, water
andt electricity; lots for sola on easy terms;
take Clement-st. car to Forty-first aye.
SEASIDE HEIGHTS NO. 2.'
Lots on I and J ets.. 38th and 39th ayes.;
only 1 block from the H-st. electric car line;
to be graded and fenced and made ready to
build on; the elevation from this block 110
feet above the heights: nothing to obstruct
your view; water and electricity can be had.
. BAKERS BEACH HEIGHTS.
Only 4 lots left In our panoramic block front*
ing on Lake st. 25th aye. and West Clay
st. ; all street work doner each lot has a view
of the .Golden Gate and Presidio. • -
OCEANSIDE AND PARKBIDE DISTRICTS.
$300 and upward; send for diagrams; ws
have a large list to choose from In this grow-
ing I locality: $5 \u25a0 monthly buys a - lot. \u25a0' i
. RICHMOND 'HEIGHTS. •
Lots on C sit. 28th. 37th. 41st and 42d aye*..
overlooking the Park and Spreckels Lake; cars
to pass directly In front of the property. \u25a0
LOTS IN THE GOLDEN CITY TRACT.
'$300' each;" $5 -monthly;- level—and ready to
build oft; only half block from the San Bruno
aye. car line; 'call to our branch office. 2874
San Bruno aye.; agent will show you around:
take Folscm st. car, transfer to Precita aye.
$350 — Lots .in the Excelsior homestead; 7
lots sold in one week in our new block; take
Mlssion-st. car and ride to Silver aye.: walk
two blocks to Madrid st; agent on the ground.
START THE NEW TEAR IN
Tour own home; you will certainly be better
Off than paying rent; we can sell you homes
for your rent money; only ft per cent Interest
and this decreases with each payment
NEW COTTAGES.
5-room and bath cottage now being finished
on Alabama st. near Precita aye.: take Fol-
som-st. car to Precita aye. and walk to Ala-
bama . st
New 6-room and bath story and a half
cottage; on Alvarado at and Hoffman aye.:
30-foot frontage: take Mlsslon-st car up 224
st. and ride to Hoffman aye.
OSCAR HETMAN & BRO.. 115 SUITER ST.
LANDGREBE. MacNEVIN & JONES,
KM Bush St., bet. Kearny and Montgomery sts.
$100,000 — Rents $625 net per month; leased,
with best of security, for 8 years to
one tenant; magnificent brick hotel In
vicinity of Sutter and Powell sts;
large mortgage can be arranged for If
desired.
$00,OC0 — Rents $600 per month; entire West-
ern Addition \u25a0 block: well Improved:
bank mortgage of $50,000; can remain.
$70,000 — Kearny st. near Sutter: • brick Im-
- . provements; lot has 2 frontages; leased
to one tenant for four years at $300
per month; tenant pays water bill and
hakes all repairs; • mortgage of $25,000
- can remain.
$50,000— Montgomery-st corner, close to Clay
st: brick . Improvements; rare oppor-
tunity for speculators.
$47.500— Rents $300 per month; magnificent
holding on Folsom st, near 12th;
large lot, 101x90 feet; bank mortgage
of $22,500 can remain.
• $35.000— Larkin st. near Geary: -well Im-
proved: 34-foot frontage: bank mort-
gage of $20,000; can remain. -
$30 000— Geary-st business corner, Improved
with flats and stores: rents low at $201
.per month; lot has 135 ft street front-
age.
$21000 — Mission st, near 20th; store and
flats;. lot has 35 ft. frontage; buildings
new and modern: rents, low at $143
per month. -
$15 000— Ninth st, near Folsom ; 4 flats; al-
ways rented; lot fronts on 2 streets.
"OFFER WANTED."
"OFFER WAaTED."
Northeast corner of Hayes wnd Steiner sts.
This magnificent located corner having a atreet
frontage of ICS feet on the west facing the
beautiful , "Alamo Square," San Francisco's
most beautiful park: 45 ft. fronting on Hayes
st Residence thereon contains 15 spacious,
rooms: billiard room, inlaid wood floors, etc.;
admirably situated for doctor's residence, sani-
tarium, clubrooms, etc Owner at present
traveling in : Europe, and .no reasonable offer
will be refuted. Permit from our offlc* must
te • obtained for Inspection.
'LANDGREBE. MacNEVIN & JONES.
334 Bush st; bet. Kearny and Montgomery «ts.
CHARLES B. RUSSELL. PHONE JOHN 4358
BUSINESS PROPERTIES ONLY.
$24.000 — Warehouse; Main st ; ' 50x137:6; nets
-5 per cent; long lease; near railroad.
$19.000 — Manufacturing : site: Harrison, near
v. -.20th; railroad facilities; 125x122:6; level;
solid; no piling; lease pays 7 per cent. .
$0,000 — Manufacturing site: Francisco st; 150
. feet -front;- will, divide. «9»BHSMaaw|
RESIDENCE (PROPI|RTIES ONLT.
$13,000 — Leavenworth; : near Washington: su-
\u25a0-.".\u25a0 perb marine • view :\u25a0 10 rooms; 27:8x107.
$12,000— Pacific aye.; 44x127; near Baker.
$9,500— 5 W. corner >. Webster and Green ; 6Sx
100:3; marine view.
$B.ooo— Laruna st, near Lafayette square;
:. 80x110: 8 rooms;. ssooo mortgage can re-
main. -
$7,soo— Webster, near Green; 60x106:3.
$5,230 — Jackson, north line, near Lyon; 35x
127:3: $3500 mortgage can remain.
$4,500 — Jackson., north line. near. Baker; SOx
\u25a0 127:8: • $3000 mortgage- can remain.
$3,4oo— Vallejo.ntar Steiner; 80x137:6; view.
$3,250 — Locust, near Washington; 25 feet
front. : -\u25a0' . \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 :
$250 — Lot 66; ; 23x100;: Spring Valley Home-
stead. ;
222 \u25a0 Kohl bldg.. California and Montgomery.
$3000— COTTAGE of .0 rooms and bath, lot
25x125. on Eureka st v<3S&HIfMWnRMMH
$3000— Cottage of 5 rooms aad bath, block
fronvlSth st. car line.
$17,000— Corner on 18tb st.
$2000 — Lot on Castro st
\u25a0\u25a0* $10,000— Corner on \u25a0 18th st
$2250— 7-roora' house and. bath: hot and cold
.-\u25a0 water; nearly new; pay $12 a month and
own your home;. 150 feet from car line nin-
. nlng all night. _ • . .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
E. WORMELL.
-.; " •;. 507 'Castro st.
6NAP — $2700; small cash payment; balance like
,i rent; desirable modern cottage; nicely locat-
\u25a0,v ed ; > close ! to 5 - car line ; ". lot 25x100'
owner leaving » city said \u25a0 must : wit.' c*ll on
Sunday or Monday at 43 West avenue
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8 ALE.
" BURR-PADDON COMPANY. /
Incorporated. V
TtL Main 3794. 40 Montsromsry St.
RESIDENCES.
$13.000 — Corner residence on Ashbury Height*:
15 rooms; hardware floors; biUiard
room; all \u25a0 modern imorovemeats*
$12,000— Residence on Washington at. ; II room*
and bath; large, finished basement; size
of lot 30x127.
FLATS.
|S,SCO— On Use market for only * few day*
longer; 2 flats on Webster st. ; 0 and
10 rooms: rental ISO; owner will take
H cash.
$9,250— 3 Hat 3 on California st.. sear Lyoa;
-25x100; 5 rooms each; In good condition;
\u25a0 xood income: can be had tor $3250 by
assuming mortsaje.
$11000 — i fiats on Pine st.. having frontage
also, on rear street; 50x127:6: rental
$120; can be had for $3500 by assuming
mortgage.
$14,800—3 flat* on Halght at.'. 7 and S rooms;
rental $112 50.
$14,000—3 flats on Oak st.: T and S rooms
\u25a0 each; opposite Park Panhandle; bank
mortxasre of 9500. which can. remain;
- cood Income; Investigate this.
$I*ooo— 6 flats oa EUla St.; £> feet frontMe:
. 4 and 5 reoms;rental $120; «an be had
for $10.CC0 by assuming mortgage.
$14,600— d flats having frontage on 2 streets;
near Park Panhandle: rental $140.
$13,000—* corner flat* on Carl *«-, -on lot 31x
100: a and 7 room*; can ©a had for
$8000 by assuming: mortgage.
$11.000— « flats In the Mission; \u2666 room» eacn:
recently constructed; rental *IH.
$13,000—8 flats on Sanchez st. : lot 51x120; 4
and 5 rooms: rental $123. Can be had
for $8000 by assuming mortgage.
$22,600—6 flats on Page st.. 1 block from the
panhandle; lot 50x127:3: 6 and brooms:
splendid Income; can be bad for $10,000
by easumlng mortgage.
$21,500—0 flats on San Jo«e avfc. on large lot:
3 and 6 rooms; rental $132. Can be had
for $12,500 by assuming mortgage.
LOTS.
$5,200— Lot 30x100. on Waller St.. running ,
through to Lloyd Mt. This Is a cheap
. buy; see us at once. "'- .__
$10.000— Large lot on the north tide of Pazs
St.. 43x120. running through to Lily aye.
$80.000— Large lot on Spear *t.; •«lt* b '« ' or
large wholesale house; 61:8x127:6. Can
- assure tenant to make a 8 per cent net
Investment.
BUSINESS PROPERTY. -
$40,000— 42-room apartment house on lot 00*
112:0: Central aye., near Park Panhan-
dle; rental $440 monthly.
$12,600— Store and 8 flats on MoAlUator st.. en
lot 25x137:6: flats 5 rooma each. Can
be had for $5000 do*ra; rental $118.
$20,000 — Rooming-house on Howard st.; 3i feet
frontage ; <cood Income. '
$40.000— Lot and improvement* on Howard st. .
having frontage also on Tenama st..
27:6x155; Improvements consist or Cats.
rooming-house and saloon. •
$45, 500— Rooming-house. close In ton; good
lot; 3S room*; rental $223: tenant mak-
ing all repairs and Improvements.
$110.000— Apartment house on Sacra-eat© St.:
lot 70x120x137:8; « stories; 43 apart-
ments: rental $S5O; can be had- for
SSS.CCO by assuming mortgage. -
$250,000—2 aoartment »ousee on Busli St.: 4
• stories, renting for $1500. within walk-
ing distance of the downtown district.
$14.200— Large lot, suitable for building pur-
poses, in the Richmond District, having
142-foot frontaae on First aye.
1 "We have on our list some of the very finest
residences located on Paciflo aye., ranztnx in
price from $30,000 to $70,000. We also have a
large list of business property ranging In price
from $40,000 to $270,000. Large Ca» apart-
ment houses *tb our specialty.
LEHNERS ft BTJNDSCHT7.
Managers City Department.
A. J. RICH & CO., REAI» ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
$40.000— Montgomery aye. corner; 3 larg*
frontages; property fally improved; un-
der lease, paying a fine revenue. •• i
$40.000 — Sixth st.: large corner: 73x119; not .
far from Mission; good Income property. 4
$14,000— Fourth st, Investment, near Harrison
«t.: property under lease. -
$13,000— Mission St. and Twenty-sourtn sts.;
corner; three frontages; Improvements
consists of store* an£flata. -
$17.000— Mission, between 17tA and ISta st*. :
lot 46x120: 3-story buUdmg: storeri and
rooming-house. '-'i^_.«-,
$22.800— Harrison «t.J l*xg» corner, 58x100:
near Sixth st.; store and flat*; well
$23.000— Presidio Height* residence, aituat* on
the northerly line -oX Washington St..
between Laurel and Locust sts.; lot
50x127:8%: grand marine view: resi-
dence contains every modern Improve-
ment; hardwood floors; the cheapest
home offered In this district.
$30,000— Devlsadero and Eddy sts. I corner,
82:6x100. fully Improved: rent* $123 30
per month. • •*\u25a0 «\u25a0 . - \u25a0
$18.000— Franklin at. residence, -between Clay
and Washington eta,; splendid location
for a home: lot 26x137:8. .-
sB,ooo— One-half block or 23 lot* soatti of the
\u25a0 park and close to the Ocean Boulevard.
$10.500— Waller st., nice residence* near De-
visadero st; lot 80x110; fine view.
$3,6oo— Halght st.. near Ashbury; large build-
ing lot. 38x137:8: this 1* the buslnes*
location of Halght St.: Improved wita
stores and Cats: wUi fewore a good In-
come.
A. J. RICH & CO..
112 Montgomery st.
DAJf O"CALLAOHAjii~^
Real Estate and Insurance Broker.
22 Montgomery at., near Market.
$75.000— Drumm St., nr. Market: lot 46:8x137:9;
brick Improvements: pays $4200 per
\u25bcear; lease run* 5 year*.
$40,000—9. W. corner on Folsora. near Third;
lot 58x160: 8 full frontsjres: old Im-
provements; pay* $1820 per year.
$21.000— West • Mission, near 13th St.: 9 flats
and cottage: lot 71:6x108; pays $2400 per
year: will rapidly Increase In value.
$17,500— North sid* OFarrell. near. Hyde; 3
Cats; pays $1200 per year: 27:8 ft. front-
age; land alone worth the money.
$9,000— McAllister, near Pierce; residence, 8
rooms, bath and basement; lot 23x130;
full value for the monay. .
$9,000 — Four new flats on Cola st. ; rents . .
$82 50 per month; mortgage $7000 at 6
per cent c.an remain: elegant district.
$9,000— Elegant home: Mascnio are.; lot 50x
120: cost $12,500; sacrifice.
$3,000— S. E. corner Hyde, near Chestnut:
store and flats paying $920 per year; a
fine Investment.
$7.300 — Four flats on Seventh st., near FoN
torn: paying $624 per year: lot 23x89.
$B,soo— South Market, near Howard and Sev-
enth St.: lot 25x112; 6 flats pay* $60>
per month.
$6,000 — Pierce st.. near Oak; elegant 9-room
residence: lot 25x110: rent $45 per
month: mortgage $4500 can remain.
$8,500 — Carl st.. near Shrader; elegant S-roem
residence; lot 25x100; mortgage $3000
can remain: make offer. -
$2.600 — Shipley st.. near Fifth: house- 8 rooms.
; new plumbing: can be turned Into fist*
and pay 1 per cent.
DAN O'CALLAGHAJf,
52 Montgomery at., near Market.
YON RHKIN REAL ESTATE CO, (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA \u25a0 ST.
$13, CX» — XTnlon st v near Laguna; 50x137 :«;
stores and flats renting for $125 per mo.
$13,500—01 feet frontage: Webster at., near
Jackson; old improvements.
$13,500—25x137:6; California st.. near Buch-
anan; two thoroughly modern flats of 7
rooms and bath. . renting for $10S p«r
month.
$13,300 — Eddy St.. near Webster; improvement*
consist of 3 flats of 6. 6 and T rooms;
renting for $100 per month.
$10,000— Butter st.. near Laguna: 34:4x137:)'.;
2 well-built houses of 7 rooms and bat!\
each; renting for $72 per month.
$3,500—23x137:6; McAllister st.. near Bakar;
2 beautiful flats of <i and 7 rooms and
'bath each; finished basement.
$8,000—27x137:6; Post st.. near Laguna: well-
built house of 9 rooms and bath; bank
mortgage of $4000 can remain.
$3.000 — 25x107; Sacramento st., near Spruce:
2 splendid fiats of 5 and 6 rooms; should
be seen to be aPDreciated.
$7,230— 41:3- foot frontage; Larktn St., near
Filbert; 2 fiats of 6 and 7 rooms. rent-
Ing for $50.
$7.ooo— San Jose aye.. near 23th: 11-room
residence. In the sunny belt of the Mis-
sion. .
$8,750—25x127:8 to rear street; Pine st. near
Btelner: good residence of 0 rooms and
bath, with two flats on rear street.
$2.250 — Grove st., near Central aye.; 25xlOO;
cheapest lot in the vicinity.
CRANSTON.' BELVEL & DWIEK,
Formerly
William Cranston Co.
20- Pest -20
$20.000— Corner on Seventh St., near Mission;
23x73 and Improvements; particulars at
office.. r^XiMOT
$38.000— Close to Ninth and Mission : a corner.
SSxIOO. with solid Improvements.
$37,500— Eddy st.. near Jones; well Improved
holding paying $210 per month; 35C0
square feet of ground in tbe lot.
$30,000— Close In on Howard st.: lot almost
60x30. covered with solid frame build-
ing, paying $153 per month.
$8.000 — Over 110 feet of frontage with, 2 cor-
ners; rood business street In the Mla-
Kon; partly Improved— figure ,it out-
only $71 a front foot: 2 corners.
$9,soo— Business corner: atcre and 3 flats.
paying $81 per month: lot 30x100; solid
Improvements.
$12,500— Close to Larkln st.: six »mal] flats en
34x137:6; rent $125 per month; splendid
Income property. . .•
$3,250— See this t»-day: No. 24S Eureka; *
6-room residence: two stories and base-
ment: owner wants offer: street bltu-
mlnlted. • \u25a0"
$3,250 No. 4152 Twenty-flftb. St.. near Ca»-
tro: house of 6 rooma \u25a0 and bath, two
.fine mantels, etc.; make offer. <
$150— CHEAPEST lots In the city; level and
ready to build on: near new boulevard from
Park to Mtaitcn road. ROTHERMEI* *
CO.. 507 California st. ______o^
$2000 CASH will buy brand new ftrst-ctaas 7-^
. room residence on the east slds ef 4th sv* .
"between Clement and California els.; bal-
ance to suit purchaser. HENRT BUB-
\u25a0- ROWS, owner end builder. „
ATTRACTIVE bargains tn city real estate
only of BCRR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery-
St. San Francisco.PEAL ESTATE--CrrT— FOR SALIB.^
LYON & HOAG. 11« Montgomery at
Send for our printed list of property for
eaie in all 6eet!ons of the city.
FLATS NEAR PARK.
$7500 3 swell flats on Lyoa st. of 5 and •
room* and bctfc each; txe-iptionally well built;
lot 25x100 *
ELEGANT FLATS, WESTERN ADDITION.
59.VX) — Two excellent Cats, 6 and 7 rooms and
bath: larc-c reception hall; extra large key lot;
cvny room cunny and light ; flae section; near
Baker ard Jackson.
GOOD PAYING INVESTMENT.
$45,000— Rents ?4500; an elegant, roomy
apartment -*.:oust; 14 apartments, 4 aad o
room* end bath; eteatlly rented; large lot,
£923 sauare fert; large garden In rear; make
offer; near Flltaore et. and Alamo square.
GOOD SOUTH OF MARKET BUY.
$5500— Rents $G24; four bay-window fiats. 8-
4-4-5 rooms each; two flats have baths; con-
venient to town: fiats never Idle; near Folsom
enfl 10th eta.; sure to be *old, so get busy.
NEW FLATS NEAR PARK.
$6750 — Two brand new flats, 5 and 6 rooms
•ad bath; rented $G6O; all the latest lmprove-
rcetits; block from Fulton and Stanran. sts.
BEAUTIFUL NEW RESIDENCE. .
$7750— Brand new residence, just completed:
contains 14 rooms: finished be»ement and
attic; oce block from Fell and Ole sis.
FIXE CORNER IN MISSION.
$48,000 Goofi. substantial Improvements ;
stores, flats and houses on Mission st., not far
out; pave food interest.
LTON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery Et
WIFSION Homes— Kasy TVrms.
$540 cash, balance monthly, ra.tnc as r*nt;
brand row cottages, 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
\ery prettily finished; all the lateet Ideas; large
7-foot basement, attic, gas and electricity; fine
views o!* 'surrounding country; College Hill
Tract: rrice ?2700 to $2950; take Mlssion-st
cars to lUchland. College or St. Mary's ayes.
Agent on property Sundays.
BARGAIN MISSION LOTS.
Prices $650 to $1500.
MagßiSoact sew tract on Mission st, near
F.i:*!and aye.; excellent car. service pausing
tract every 3 mlsutes; 25 mlnutee from ferry;
College at*, xnacadamlred and oiled; sewers,
water, gas and electrio service'; fin* views of
6bj. Francisco Bay: overlooking new Islale
Park, proposed under the Burnham plan for
beoAitifyisg city; very deep lots, 160 to 200 feet;
r-od«n co*ta4es being erected on tract; terms
$100 cacti, balanoe on easy terms; take Mlsslon-
st. cars to Rlchland. College or St. Mary's av«s.
LTON A HOAGt lie Montgomery at.
ATTENTION. BUILDERS,
ATTENTION. SPECULATORS.
See the lots we are edling fronting on Mo-
AUlster, Ftilton, Wlllerd. Parkztde aye. and
•^Tsuj-an et: these lots fac« the world's famous
Golden Gate Park and command grand views
Cf the bay and Marln County mountain*; the
Streets are Wtumlnlied; side sewers are laid to
lots.
Prioe— sieso— sieso.
Ose-fiftli oash, balanoe one and two years.
Only ten lots left Including three choice
comers; AloAllteter-et. oars pass property.
LTON 4 HOAG. 118 Montgomery st
flfWO TO $1250; $150 cash, balance $2O month-
ly: level lots on 14th and 15th ayes. and H
st; within a few minutes of all the attrac-
tions of Golden Gate Park; this section Is
improving rapidly; EJHs-st cars pass prop-
erty; 10 lots sold. *
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
BAXDSOME NEW HOSTES.
,Price only $5*50.
T«rms $1000 <*>h; balanoe $50
Monthly.
De you want an up-to-date home, one that
1* extra well . built and contains all th© latPst
conveniences? We have one for eale on Castro
«t.. near Dubooe aye.; 2-st»ry English base-
ment house: large sunr.y rooms: handsome ves-
tibule, finished in mahogany and other natural
\u25a0woods: a ewrel! home at a low price; the neigh-
borhood is «xc*-l!«it: thirty expensive bouses
have been erected in the block during the past
year.
TYke Ka?ght-st. cars to Scott st.. walk two
Mockb south °to EHiboo aye.
LYON & HOAtf. 116 Montgomery st.
15OARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
139 MONTGOMERY 6T..
MEMBERS g. -F. REAL ESTATE BOARD.
$TT£,OO0 — Corner in the -wholesale district north
of Market; large lot; brick lmprov*-
mentf; producing about $9500 a year.
and slight improvements will naturally
Increase the. rents.
$90.000 — Not far from Eddy and Leavenworth ;
great big lot -with fine street frontage;
pays $0000 a year.
$62.M0—Fourth-«t. corner, close in: good, sub-
stantial improvements, paying $2SOO a
y*»ar; it will not be long before such
desirable corners on Fourth st will b«
unobtainable at any such price.
JJS.'OOOj — O'Farrell-st. corner downtown; good
** -improvements; J3OOO a year; ail under
leaF*.
fSO,«X> — Choice downtown comer with good
improvement*; in fast growing neigh-
borhood; Etorea and lodgings; pays $2460
a year and some of the rents are very
\u25a0> — Western Addition, close in; 3 elegant,
modern flats, only six years old; gas
and electricity; redwood finish; lots of
closets; 27:6 ft. lot; property pays $1623
a year; a splendid t>uy.
$3,"500 — Near Eluxome and 4th sts.; a great
buy; a eood turn c&n be made and the
property ps.>*a $Sl6 P«r annum.
$3.000 — Haight. cr. Buchanan: 2 frontages; 2
splendid fiats, paying $720 a year; the
rear frcntag-e should be Improved to
bring renta.l to 1 per cent a month.
$5.250 — Harriet St., adjoining rear of 6th-et
property, near Howard; a great bar-
Fain: 2 flats .pay $354 a year.
$4,500 — Kieslirg ct., close to Howard, bet
11th and 12th; pays about $420 a year;
Ocean Shore depot one block.
$2,250 — Nortii side 25th; 2 little flats renting
for $240 a year; a. good b'jy for small
Investment.
RESIDENCES.
$12,000 — Calif ornia-st. home; north side:
choice location; 10 rooms, sunny, mod-
ern, well arranged; electric lights, etc;
house alons cost $12,000.
$2.700 — McAllister et, near Golden Gate
Park; fine little 5-room cottage; rent
$21.
LOTS.
$15,000 — One of the choicest marine view lots
in the Presidio Heights; 50x127:6.
$6,500 — Green St., north line, near Devisa-
dero; unobstructed marine view; lot
24:4x103 :6.
$8,125 — Locust et.. near Jackson; cheapest lot
it» that beautiful district; street work
done; marine view.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
138 Montgomery et
• SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$13. C0O — Here :s an opportunity to make a bar-
gain; the owner has left the city and
wishes to diepose of his interests here;
on Jones, near Clay; a good, substantial
house of 9 rooms,- all in splendid condi-
tion; modern plumbing; marine view; '
make an offer; the house must be sola. !
$19,000— Second-st. corner; 130 feet of street
frontage; $1032 per annum; this is a
great bargain and will sell quickly.
$8,600 — 13th, near Howard; also & block from
Ocean Shore terminal; 3 flats paying
$G9O a year.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO..
138 Montgomery st <
HOAG & LANSDALB,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
MISSION FLATS.
Near 16tb and Mission sts. ; 3 flats of 4 and
ft roorr.s; rents for $55 per month; price $6000.
ETANYAN-ST. LOT.
Opposite Golden Gate Park; sice 26x125 feet;
street; A snap; only $2500.
THREE FTNE? MODERN FLATS.
Paying $dS per month; In the Panhandle dis-
trict; SO foot lot; only $10,000. I
JACKSON BT.
Near Brodertck; residence of f rooms and
bath; sußsy side of street; prioe $8500.
SUNSET LOT.
50x120 feet: near 39tb aye. and T st; prlo*
$600.
THREE FLATS.
Ne«r 16th and Market sts., containing S
rooms; rents $75; price $8250.
TURK-ST. CORNER.
Stores and flats; size 68x107 feet; rents $255;
price J33.000.
HAIGHT-ST. CORNER.
Vesr Flllmore: 110 f«t frontage: rents aeml-
r.a!; price fWOO.
HOAG & LA.NSDALE,
IUS MONTGOMERY BT.
ttILLING
TO BEAT THIS BAND.
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
*27S H p Elegant level building lots, close to
• hooi; fine car service on Mission St.; cream
of th* Excelsior Homestead: stop nay lag rent
anfi rain* the baby where the ozone is not pol-
luted with dust and smoke, to say nothing of
the deadly microbe; no interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS,
ONLY ?10 A MONTH.
$450 Tor finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the Dark- electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
'"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section: no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY,
26 Montgomery et., room 8.
TWO BLOCKS FROM THE CITY HALL?
276x1C5 — —
Eighth anrt Howard,
la mibfi! vision*. .
Lsrre corners oa Eighth st.
Lots on Howard throurh to. Natosia.
HK McEWEV BROS.,
U8 Kontgom^tT-
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON
240 Busa st. Mills bldg.'
Member Ban Francisco Real Estate Board.
553 OfEISrF AA'ENUE APARTMENTS. ' I
*M.OoO— Splendid new apartment-house; mar-
ine view; on the best part of Pacific
«"• j V . erytnlnc u P-to-date; rents $550;
equity* lnv «stment; pays 21 per cent on
ttcTo^fv. 0 . 1^ 0 BT - BUSINESS CORNER.
\u26663O.OUO— \ cry large, well improved corner with
stores and one flat; under lease; tenants
make repairs; yields good Interest; this
Is a safe investment and sure to In-
crease In value.
i*t o^J? 0^?! 01^- A BARGAIN.
$33.000— 0n O' Fan-ell St. north side, a few
6 *sP« from Jonee; lot 3-1:4^x137: 6, with
old bulldtn*s; we have a responsible
tenant ready to take a lease on a 7-
ttory building at a rental yielding a
large Income on Investment: the price
anked for this lot Is below market
valnet investigate.
.MISSION ST. STORES NEAR 16TH ST.
sZi.OOO— New building, containing stores and
flats; rents $1800 per annum; easily
. raised, as only portion of lot Is Im-
proved.
EltoY ST., OPPOSITE JHFFERSON PARK.
$18,500— Large lot, almost 50 feet by 120 to
rear street: large 17-room house on Eddy
and rear bouse on Willow st lot alone
Is worth $20,000.
INVESTIGATE THIB.
$18,000 — Fine business corner on large lot: 2
car lines; a good business street; two
stores aad flat: rents very low, $95;
room for additional building; see this:
It will suit you.
MISSION ST.. NEAR 18TH ST. • .
$12,600 — On good business block, stores, sto.,
HttgSf on a good steed lot; can b» made to pay
$100; Investigate.
FIRST ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$12,000 — Right In the manufacturing and whole-
sale region; fine deep Hot with old im-
provements, renting steadily for $63 per
month; there is a good turn In this, for
it els a snap.
BRANNAN ST. CORNER. "
$8,000 — Fine corner, between Third and Fourth
sts.; stores and flats; excellent condition;
Investigate.
MINNA ST., NEAR THIRD ST.
Jfl.COO — Only a°few feet from Third s|.; lot
20x70; hottse of 10 rooms.
$3,ooo— Cheap lot on Fulton st., near Alamo
- square.
"WE HAVE CHEAP LOTS IN RICHMOND.
SUNSET AND WESTERN ADDITION. CALL
FOR LIST.
O. D. BALDWIN & EON.
240 Bush at. - ° Mills bldg.
$9000— Elegant. " marine view dwelling; »
rootne, etc. * BSO6 Filbert st., cor of Scott
A BRANCH office of The Call tor the rw*p-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. tn. .
RJE^L^ESTATJE— -COUNTRY— -For Sale.
BARGAINS IN GOOD COUNTRY LAND
OFFERED BY C. M. WOOSTER CO.
$14 14 monthly will purchase 10 acres of San-
ta Clara Valley fruit and vine land. In th«
San Martin rancho: no better section for
poultry raising; only $100 an acre; save a little
money each month and you will soon have a
home; superb location, settled by good peopla;
we will plant and develop an orchard or vine-
yard for you while your salary goee on; this
is the best offering In. California; some fine
young vineyards for eale on easy terms; cata-
logue.
$4500 — 15 acres In Napa County; 15 acres
bearing fruit; beautiful location; good improve-
ments; abundance of water.
$1500 — 10 acres, near depot. In Santa Clara
County; house, well, etc.; fine grove of oak
trees; splendid place for poultry.
$8 per acre; 15,000 acres. 7 miles from Red
Bluff; 4000 acres splendid grain land; both rail-
road and eteamboat transportation; best stock
and grain ranch in California; 300 acres can
be Irrigated for alfalfa; little money needed;
average rainfall 30 Inches; -will subdivide Into
500 to 1000 acre farms to good advantage at
double cost price.
$30,000 — 2320 acres, 9 miles from Napa City;
half fine, level land, balance good pasture;
abundance of wood and water; first-class Im-
provements; 150 head of cattle; 15 horses; all
farming Implements. -_-_;
Early orange and fruit land at El Mlrador
Heights, Lindsay; only $50 to $100 an acre;
earliest oranges in the United States; bearing
orchards paid $400 to $800 per acre; this land
is fold on terms to suit; $14 15 monthly if de-
sired; selling at the rate of 50 acres a week;
catalogue.
$12,500 — 160 acres In Santa Clara County;
beautiful location; 4 miles rrom town and rail-
road; 15 acres orchard and vineyard; balance
in grain; 14-room house, cottage, dance hall,
tennis and croquet grounds; improvements cos-t
over $12,000; beautiful oak trees and running
•water; an ideal place for a summer resort or
home.
$60,000 — 200 acres 6plendld full bearing or-
chard; 150 acres alfalfa and vegetables; $30,000
to $35,000 annual Income; *10,000 worth of per-
sonal property; cheap irrigation; on Feather
River; easy terms.
Sacramento River irrigated land; splendid
sediment soil; $30 to $75 an acre; no better for
peaches, pears, alfalfa, corn and sugar beets;
matchless opportunity for small farms; free
water right; water $1 per acre per annum;
famous Boggs and Pafker ranchee at Prince-
ton; rail and steamboat transportation; term?,
one-fourth cash, balance, 2-8-4 years; cata-
logue.
$900 — 5 acres, near depot, in Santa Clara
County: all in bearing milt; fine place for
poultry; easy terms.
$1800— Splendid 10-acre vineyard in Santa
Clara County; easy terms.
MONTEREY!
Large lots near Hotel del Monte; Vista del
Rey Tract; splendid location; etreet work done;
lots $100 up; splendid acreage tracts $100 to
$250 per acre; eaey terms; buy now and get the
benefit of the rise In value which is sure to
come; catalogue.
PALO ALTO!
Magnificent villa lots, 50x150 feet adjoining
Stanford University; best opportunity for In-
vestment now on the market; certain to ad-
vance In value; streets graded; cement side-
walk; beautiful live oak trees; no fog, no bleak
winds; 4" to $10 per month will pay for one of
these lota; do not fall to see this property be-
fore buying any outside lots.
REDWOOD CITY.
$450 for beautiful acre lots inside city limits;
5-acre tracts $200 to $460 per acre; beautiful
oak trees; splendid location;. cheapest acreage
property on peninsula: catalogue.
We have a splendid list of properties through,
out California at owners' lowest prices; cata-
logue sent free.
Buy gcod property!
C. M. WCOSTERCO., 648 Market st
CHICKEN, berry, vineyard, orchard; land lm*
proved and unimproved. 10. acres, all in ber-
ries and trees $1600; couple hundred down.
Chicken ranch, 5 acres; $600. 7 acres in
young vineyard, $1100: small payment down.
Chicken ranch, 15 acres, $1750. 10 acres,
$1750. all In Logan, black raspberries and
strawberries and opcle trees; part cash. 20
acres, $2000. 10 acres, $1000. 5 acres, $800.
SO other places: ail make good chicken and
fruit ranches: near school, electrio station,
store and 3 towns. The neighbors gavo mi
their land to sell, as well as my own, there-
by keeping It out of agents' hands, who will
make you pay a big commission, and as you
might be my near neUhbor I will tell you
the srood and bad points of all the places.
Buy direct of owners; no adobe, sandy loam;
good water: rural mail; chicken paradise; on
electric R. 8.. between Petaluma and Se-
bastopol. Come any day but Saturday; get'
off at Hessel station. Eaey terms; long
time; cheaper than renting. . CHARLES
GLOECKNER. Sebastopol p. 0., Sonoma Co.
fcoUNTRY home, with all city convenienoes;
must sell; 12% acres; 31 miles from San
Francisco; 80 daily trips and return 810;
new 9-room modern furnished house*' hot
and cold water throughout; 25 electrio lights
anJ telephone In house; open plumbing bath
and toilet rooms; 15 minutes' walk from sta-
tion; flve minutes from school; oiled publlo
road; electric road soon; fruit in abundance
of almost every kind; ornamental and 6had»
trees, cietern water, city water and well
with windmill and tank. 200 chickens, 400
Homer pigeons, large barn, numerous out-
houses, horse, buggy, wagon;, all kinds of
farm implements; fine Jersey cow: products
of place pays 8 per cent on $12,000 and
must be seen to be appreciated, and to lovers i
of a healthy location, unsurpassed view and
profitable investment, this home will attract ;
a bargain for any one at $8000. Write or
see D. J. WEST, Martinez, Contra Costa
County, Cal. » _^
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE A HOME.
CHOICE 10- ACRE TRACTS
. . \u25a0 , - ;•-\u25a0'
IN BUTTER COUNTT.
.
best; orchard land
in california .
at extremely reasonable prices.
Address P. O. Box 51. Yuba City.
ALFALFA irrigated lands. $25 per acre; $1
down, $1 month; no Interest. Pamphlets at
INDEX LAND B. CO.. 241 Crossley bid.
COOD farm. 163 acres. 8 miles from Oakland;
$I*B per acre. GILBERT WYMAN. 27ta aye.
and East 16th. Frultvale, Cal. TeL Brook 123. J
*_\u25a0'\u25a0 . \u25a0it
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905.
EA J^ ESTATE— COUNTRY— Fog 8«le. .
OLD ESTABLISHED. ALWAYS RELIABLE.
T . A W. J. WHITE- COMPANY.
LOANS. .--..;\u25a0:.; * INSURANCE.
,„'„„ TITLES GUARANTEED.
*ia,000— 145 acres level alluvial soiL only 1
mile of fine town. 60 miles . from city; well
fenced and cross fenced; 6 fields; 20 acres fine
alfalfa; 2 fine wells; pumping plant capacity ;
1000 gallons per minute; good' 5-room house;
blacksmith shop and engine-house; horse
barn; 2 large cow barns; windmill and tank;
milk-house and separator; 2 No. 1 horses; 8
Berkshire hogs; 50 head stock hogs; 2ti head
line graded young cows; 12 calves; poultry;
wagons, plows, harness, farming tools. This
choice property might consider residence in
tixchar.ee at spot cash value. ' '
54UJ0— 43 acres, 1 mile Culisioga; slightly
rolling; 9 acres Matero and Zinfandel grapes;
full bearing; U acres French prunes and cholos
peaches, 8 years old; balance fine oaks and
good pasture; rural delivery; 5-room, house,
barn, poultry-houses. - 2 brooders. Incubator,
horse and buggy, . plows, cultivators, trays
and boxes; mortgage $1700; can remain; xnlgnt
exchange for cood house and lot. <
fsooO— Half mile Ookdale. Stanislaus Coun-
ty; 19 acres pure black sandy loam, river bot-
tom land; lti acres under irrigation; ."\u25a0 all in
oranges, almonds, peaches, apricots and ber-
ries, in bearing; S-room house; good barn,
sheds and poultry-houses; wire netting yards;
windmill and tank; close to high school; might
exchange. »'; ;
$1000—11 acres, poultry farm; rich black
loam, sloping; 2 acres oaks; fine well; near
school; above- Los Gatos, Santa Clara County;
old buildings; snap.
$1500 — Stock ranch 3 miles from Hayvrards,
rolling land, part hilly; abundance of wood
and pasture; plenty water;-' 6-room . dwelling;
barn, poultry-houses, fine deep soil and nloe.
neighborhood.
$2200 — 15 acres fine level sandy loam; 4
miles south of Sebastopol; on new electrio
road; 3-room cottage; small. barn; good well,
8 acres In blackberries: $1500 down.'
$4000 — 30 acres on main Irrigating canal 12
miles from Stockton; 5 acres fine alfalfa; $
acres Zinfandel grapes- 8-room house; barn; 2
windmills, reservoir, 8 cows, 2 good horses,
wagon, harnebs, plows, - harrows, tools.
$22 60 per "acre — 160 acres on main irriga-
tion canal; 4 miles creamery and town of Rl-
pon; 20 miles city of Stockton; raise 5 crops
alfalfa a year; beat this.
$4000— Near Healdsburg, ' 2l acres rloh loam,
slightly rolling; 12 acres fine orchard, 9 years
old; 6 acres bearing wine grapes; 2 acres hay;
modern 6-room hard-finished house, bath
pantry, closets, cellar; 8 poultry-houses; brood-
er and Incubator houses; large 2-story barn;
wtll fenced; $1700 can remain indefinitely;
might trade equity bay home.
$:(500 — 20 acres, between Elmlra and'Vaca-
ville, 60 miles city; level sediment loam; 10
acres full bearing apricots and peaches, net-
ting $600 this season; large -berry patch; nice
5-room Cottage; toed burn full of hay; new
windmill and. tank; large storehouse; poultry-
houses; close to graded school; $1000 can re-
main. - . • f
$1550— A crackerjack Sonoma City poultry
farm, 6% acres, half mile depot; oozy 3-room
cottage; brooder bouse and brooders accommo-
dating 10C0 chickens; 2 incubators; wire net-
ting yards; 200 young pullets; buildings all
new; half cash,
$1600 — Close to Sebastopol and electrio oars;
10 acres; 6 acres blackberries, 2 aores straw-
berries and raspberries; fine springs; small
house and outbuildings; half cash.
$2000 — 5H acres full bearing apricots and
pruaes, near San Jose; oozy 4-room cottage;
barn, windmill and tank; poultry-houses; half
cash.
$§76 down — 7 acres sandy loam, on electrio
road, near Santa Rosa; good dwelling, barn,
poultry-souses; grapes and berries; $1400.
We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 acre
homes on the electric road between Petaluma
and Sebastopol, with or without buildings, on a
very small payment down and balanoe long
term at 5 per cent interest See them to-day.
Send stamp for lanre Printed List
26 Montgomery St., room S.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
OLD ESTABLISHED. ALWAYS RELIABLE.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
LOANS. INSURANCE.
TITLES GUARANTEED;
$4000— Near Healdsburg. 21 acres rich loam,
(lightly rolling: 12 acres fine orchard, 9 years
old; 6 acres bearing wine grapes; 2 acres hay;
modern 6-room hard-finished house, bath,
pantry, closets, cellar; 6 poultry houses; brood-
«r and Incubator houses; large 2-story barn;
well fenced; $1700 can remain Indefinitely;
might trade equity bay home.
$2200—14 acres fine soil, 4 miles Santa Roea:
3-room cottage; family orchard, barn, poultry
houses, good well, tank house; mortgage $800;
trade equity cottage around bay and assume.
$3500 — 20 acres, between Elmlra and Vaca-
ville. 60 miles olty; level sediment loamj 10
acres full bearing apricots and peaches, net-
ting $000 this season: large berry patch; nice
D-coom cottage; good barn full of hay; new
windmill and tank; large storehouse: poultry
houses; close to graded school; $1000 can re-
main.
$12,000—112 acres level loam In famous Tur-
lock Irrigation District; close to station; all
checked and 95 acres growing alfalfa; under
hog tight fence; modern 2-story residence, hard
finished, gas, hot and oold water (photos at
this office); 2 fine barns; carriage house:
80,000 gallon cement tank; figs. oranges,
grapes; $6000 can remain; fine income home.
$5000—20 acres rich alluvial soil; banks fine
creek; 1 miles town; 60 miles city; 10 acres ap-
ricots, 7 acres prunes, assorted fruits, berries
and alfalfa patch; 5-room cottage, • large barn,
windmill and tank; complete drying plant; 12
poultry houses, brooders, 2 incubators; $500
worth of hens; Jersey cow: 2 heavy horses,
harness; 19 tons hay, wagons, etc.
$1650 — A crackerjack Sonoma City poultry
farm, 5H acres, half mile depot: cosy 3-room
cottage; brooder house and brooders accommo-
date 1000 chickens; 2 incubators; wire netting
yards; 200 young pullets; buildings all new;
half cash.
$1600^ — Close to Sebastopol and electrio cars;
10 acres; 6 acres blackberries, 2 acres straw-
berries and raspberries; fine springs; small
house and outbuildings; half cash.
$2000—5% acres full bearing apricots and
prunes, near San Jose; oozy 4-room cottage;
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash.
$575 down — 1 acres sandy loam, on electrio
road, near Santa Roea; good dwelling, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; $1400.
$75 per acre — 65 acres Island land, 12 miles
from Stockton; under irrigation; free water; in
potatoes, beans, onions, asparagus and rye
grass; 4 miles station; boat landing on plaoe;
old improvements; rents $10 per acre; we also
have adjoining place, 60 acres, with new
buildings, at $70 per acre.
53506—150 acres, 2 miles from Columbia; 4
room house, large barn and about 14 tons of
hay; new farm wagon, spring wagon, buggy,
harness: 20 head of graded cattle; 4 fine
horses; 200 Plymouth Rock hens; 50 turkeys;
incubator, brooders; farming . tools; large out-
Bide range; 20 acres river bottom under culti-
vation: 3 acres full bearing orchard; 9000-gal-
lon reservoir.
$5500— Fine roadhouse, 1 mile station, 5 milts
San Jose; corner 2 roads; 106 acres land, 22
acres level, balance rolling; 8 acres full bear-
ing orchard; large house, shade trees; wind-
mill and tank; large stable, sheds; poultry
houses; can't be beat.
We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 acre
homes on the electrio road between Petaluma
and Sebastopol, with or. without buildings, on a
very small payment down and balanoe long
term at 5 per cent interest.. See them to-day.
Send stamp for large Printed List.
26 Montgomery st, room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
D. W. CARMICHAEL OtX,
232 Montgomery st -
Branch Office 2543 Mission st,
$1250 — 10 acres, 25 miles from Ban Francisco;
excellent soil; plenty of wood and water)
1 mile to town; fine hunting and fishing;
both rail and- water transportation. ;
11400—30 acres; house, barn,' eto. ; good chtoken
ranch; near Napa; this is a bargain.
$3400 — 15 acres, near Haywards; well im-
proved; plenty of fruit and small vine-
yard; running water and windmill; near
school.
$3750 — The most delightful rural horn* around
Ban Francisco: situated •in Upper Frult-
vale: lot 225x200; many fine old trees, in-
cluding a magnificent specimen of Sequoia
Gigantla; 9-room residence, barn, eto.; pe-
rennial stream;, windmill and tank; a
veritable earthly Eden for the greatly re-
duced price of $3760.
$5000 — 28 acres nicely Improved and arranged
for poultry; house well furnished and
place well stocked; -28 miles to Ban Fran-
cisco: rail and water transportation; a
nice home. .
INSURANCE AND HURiSm BONDS.
R. 8. BROWNE it CO.,
- 22a Montgomery st, next to Mills Bldg.
$5500 — 10 acres, all in Burbank plums, Impe-
rial prunes, French prunes and Blng cher-
ries, all bearing and in pink of condition:
place Is located on R. R., Just this side of
* Santa Clara. ',--\u25a0\u25a0 '
S3OO0 — io 'acres, all in prunes, on Eie road, short
- distance west of San Jose; has the best
looking trees In the country. -
$60 per acre — 1000. acres beat land In Glenn
County ; ' will - raise anything that grows :
1 mile from good large town; suitable for
subdivision; country road - on . two . aides;'
land perfectly level; good improvements.
, ; CATTLE MEN. OBSERVE!
$10 per acre — 9000 acres.- San Luis Oblftpo Co. ; -
2500 acres best of plow land; 5 pets of
buildings on plaoe: will carry 1500 - head
of cattle year round; 5 miles frontagta on
river; look into this; It is all right
\u0084 RIVER. LANDS. '
Best island land In San Joaquln River district;
$65 per acre in tracts to suit; easy terms;
small amount down; long . time' given for
balance. «•
Call or address
JAY T. NASH,,
Manager Country Department. .
WANTED — Country real estate in all parts of
California. JOHNSON INVESTMENT CO.,
1305 Broadway. Oakland..' -.-.. •
5400-ACRB stock ranch, well , lmproved: $8000
to $10,000 worth of stock; good feed allyear:
price $45,000; will take $10,000 In other prop-
erty or a Rood business. Address box 6236,'
Cailofflce. Oakland. -, .
FOR rent— Fruit and poultry „ ranch near Hay-
wards. \u25a0 105 Larkin, 6 to 9, eves, and Sunday.
REAj^BST^T&^OJDKTRY-^ojr _Sale.
$ ..-.- . - -.. : \u25a0-\u0084.-.. .• \u25a0:\u25a0 n,%.J .\\
ii : \u25a0\u25a0 COMPLIMENTS OF THE) SEASON •\u25a0 I i
$ \u25a0-\u25a0----. =-From -\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0• • \u25a0-\u25a0 .-\u25a0 l ;
•$'• \u25a0 BfURR-PADDON COMPANY,; i
$40 Montgomery - st. Ban Francisco, CaL. $
S -If you want to deal with straight hon- $
i > est reliable people It will certainly pay S
$ ; you to call upon' us. We - have the best 1 >
t ' bargains -in real estate to-be found In ]'•<
li; California. :~ j;
i j ' DAIRYMEN, I
$ INVESTIGATE ' THIS AT ONCTJ. f
S 1300 acres near,Manteca; the very fin- l>
i; est level bottom land; this elegant ' ranch I
i Is known as tho best dairy ranch without \u25a0 ' i >
I ;; any exception in the San Joaquln Valley. $
i ' Abundance of green feed the y tar round. ! $
: Can all be Irrigated if desired. Will I
1 1 carry in its present state over 400 cows, i •
: but If put into alfalfa, would carry twice : .
i. as many: &-room residence; all outbuild- I
ii Ings; well equipped, for the dairy busl- $
$ ness, with fenolngs. corrals, etc. " This 8
$ is certainly the very beat proposition to i i
; I be found in the State to-day. Within ail
$ miles of Santa Fe and S. P. depot and i
f ' half-mile 'of - river > transportation. Price I :
ii \u25a0 if sold within next -\u25a0 30 days Is $50 an I i
i i acre. Easily worth $65. Only $15,000 'i I
i i down, balance long time .at low rate of i i
! i Interest. i!
ii $9000 — Elegant site for a home; 3 $
i i miles of Palo Alto, commanding- marnlfi- $
S cent panorama extending from the ferry I
$ building-, bay cities, S. F. Bay. Mount -i i
S Hamilton range and- the whole Santa i
$ Clara Valley; looklngTlght Into the uni- !
$ verslty quadrangle. \u25a0 I
$' $12,600— 88^ aores;' all In choicest $
$ bearing apples; situated near Watson- $
S villa,. Santa Cruz County; on- fine level ji
li oiled road; adjoining a beautiful lake; If
ii R. F. D., telephone, etc.; guaranteed in- it
li; come of $5000 a year. This will stand ii
1 i the very closest ' investigation. i i
i > . . _^__^_ . . j l
i . $16,000 — 80 acres highly Improved right $
li adjoining S." P. station.- main line S. P. $
I i R. R., beautiful 12-room modern resi- $
i i dence, S bathrooms, gas lighted through- Ii -
i out; Improvements cost about- $15,000; li
I i owner is leaving California and wishes i .
$ to sell Immediately; hunting and fish- li
f ing abound. • I \u25a0
I f-000-^O acres sediment land, highly I
li Improved, near Walnut Creek 1 mile of li
li depot. 14 miles of Oakland: fine. for al- ii
I falf aor vegetables. ;'; '
i $7000 — 50 acres adjoining Llvermore. " 'i i
$ Alameda Co., 83 acres In full bearing :>: >
S vineyard, producing a sure Income of i i
8 $2500, as high as $3000 a year; 6-room $
i hard finished house in good condition; $
! ; 50x64 barn, large stable, granary, ohiok- I i
ii en-houses, etc.; 8 good horses, 8 cows, II
$ surrey. 2 wagons, cart and all kinds/ of $
$ implements; owners are old and wish $
II to retire; if you want a bargain look $
S this up quick, as it will not last long. $
S $2000—10 acres of th« richest bottom I .
? land near Mountain View, Santa Clara 8
$ Co., 1 mile from the depot; this is dirt 5
I i cheap. ' '
i i $12,000—225 acres level land almost ad- $
$ joining Livermore. Alameda Co.; 19 acres 3
$ bearing vineyard; good 6-room residence, $\u25a0
$ fine large barn, stables, . chicken-houses, $
$ windmill, tank; this place must b* sold $
S immediately, as the owner must have the $
$ money; easily worth $16,000 or $17,000. $
$ $1300 — 5-acre poultry ranch In Liver- $ .
$ more- 2 oomplete sets of buildings, beau- $
$ tiful grove of trees; If you want a bar- 5
( gain in a poultry ranch here. It Is. 5
S See us and save money. $
i BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery st. $
$ San Francisco,' Cal. H
t \u0084,..,'...•.« «i . f
FARM, 16 acres; house of 6 rooms, and barns
Hi miles from Haywards; finely elevated
with a mountainous background; situation
command an unsurpassed view of the splen-
did adjacent fertile valley, with Its count-
less orchards and vineyards and a grand
panorarlia of San \u25a0 Francleco and San Jose
and the bay of San Francisco; all rich, loamy
. soil, with 5 acres -In vines bearing this year
and 2H acres in bearing fruit trees; good
well of water; 1 cow, 2 horses, 1 wagon, 4
dozen chickens farming implements, eto. :
this land alone Is worth $400 per acre, but
entire property will be sold for $5250. LLOYD
6 STEIN. 458 Ninth st. Oakland.
ATTENTION, WINE MTSN.
820 acres near St. Helena, Napa County;
alluvial soil, slightly rolling; 110 aores bearing
vines choicest varieties wine grapes; 170 aores
suitable for vines: 40 acres pasture; 3-story
stone wln«ry 65x70 and wine vaults 65x175,
best redwood and oak cooperage; modern ma-
chinery- 8-r. dwelling: cottage; barn; 8 cement
reservoirs; income $5000; $25,000; - might exch.
W. J. WHITE CO., 26 Montgomery st., room 8.
$5 PER ACRE.
700 acres fine stock ranch: plenty water:
family orchard, vegetable garden; buildings
and stock; all for $3500; departure; fine bar-
C JOBEPH'BTRAUB. 630 Market st. S. F.
GET our new catalogue of country properlyi
we have the largest and best selected list of
fruit and poultry farms, stock ranches, al-
falfa and . timber lands. ROTHERMEL &
CO., 507 California. \u25a0 .
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery
st. San Francisco. • '
SP3TIWVALE REAL ESTATE.
SUNNYVALE.'. "-V?;.v
Down the peninsula, midway between Palo
Alto and San Jose, when the cut-off is fin-
ished, will be only 40 minutes' ride from Third
and Townsend sts. It Is growing faster than
any town on the coast division, being sur-
rounded by the most prolific lands in Santa
Clara County, where can be grown cherries,
apricots, prunes, apples and pears ; also In the
artesian belt, alfalfa, berries, vegetables, gar-
den seeds and flowers. Sunnyvale Is also des-
tined to be the manufacturing center of the
Pacific Coast and it is already the home of
The Goldy Machine Co., who early In the
year will give employment to hundreds of
hands; also the home of the Jubilee Incubator
Co.. whose Immense plant Is now •In full
operation. One of the largest green fruit ship-
ping houses have located and will give em-
ployment 'to 100 hands for 8 months- In the
yeai . No plac<* offers the advantages that
Sunnydale does for the home-seeker. Lots
from $50 up. and % acre, acre and 5-acre
tracts for sale. Good schools, churches, stores,
bank, lnmber yards, weekly newspaper. Come
down. and look us over or write for maps and
catalogues.
SUNNYVALE LAND COMPANY,
W. B. CROSSMAN CO., Bole Agents, Sunny-
vale. Cal. - -v .:
REAL ESTATE.
. P. WILBERT,
Real Estate and Insurance.
5% acres; about 2 acres In young fruit; bal-
ance jcood for hay and early peas; 2 miles
from town: $800. *
7 aores; 2 acres In fruit and vineyard; house.
5 rooms, barn, chicken-houses, well, mill and
tank; horse, buggy, harness and farming Im-
plements, 100 chickens; $3600. s
2 acres; 4-room house; small barn; chicken-
houses; some fruit: only $1600.
4 acres; house of 5 rooms; barn; numerous
chicken-houses; well, mill and tank; about 600
chickens; horse, buggy, harness, farming im-
plements; incubator; fine chicken ranch; all
stocked and doing business; $4000.
6 acres; a acres of which is in fruit, full
bearing; house, 4 rooms and bath, barn, chick-
en-houses, brooder-houses, well, mill and tank,
woodshed, pigeon-house. Incubator; farming
Implements; 200 chickens, mostly pullets:
$3760. •_•:-.;\u25a0
B. acres; about 8 aores in fruit; house, 4
rooms and storeroom;, barn, chicken-houses,
brooder-house, well, mill and tank; fruit cut-
ting house, sulphur houae, . trackage, trays and
fruit boxes; \u25a0 horse, harness, wagon, soring
wagon. Incubator, chickens and farming uten-
sils: : sold this year $800 worth of fruit from
the place; a , splendid Investment: price omy
$4500. ,-.-., \u25a0 - ;\u25a0 \u25a0- : .. - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;. ..= . v \u25a0-
No - safer Investments can be found In : the
State . than these properties; • ail near town,
good schools and fine cllmatio condition. Ap-
ply to P.. WILBERT, 529 Castro st, Hay-
ward. . • . ;.•-'; \u25a0 \u25a0 .;/, y •„.,\u25a0\u25a0,;." .;y \u0084 r ; .. '
\u25a0. • -.. • . HAYWARD
HOLIDAY BARGAINS. '
- RAMAGEJ A BTANTON.
Our new subdivisions In lots of 5 acres each;
$300 down, balance to suit purchaser; no in-
terest: no taxes.
SISOO — 4 acres; half In fruit and vines; house
of li rooms, barn.- 100 chickens 2 cows; % mile
from P. 0.; a splendid little bargain.
$1600 — 11 acres : unimproved ; fine soli; good
land for early peas; good location; this is a
big-map. -
52000— 2 acres; fruit and berries; 6-room
house,'- barn, city water, chicken yard etc- 8
blocks from postofflce. -
$370©^ — 7 acres; 4 acres fruit, balance veg-.
etable soil : modern ' house,- B rooms, bath, eto. •
barn, 1 8 chicken houses; splendid little I poultry
ranch; 8% miles from Hay ward ;• good - road
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE).
$5000 — 10 acres ; 7 acres in orchard ; 4-roora
bouse, barn, chicken houses and yard, mill and.
tank; an Ideal home; 2% miles from Hayward.
For further particulars auply to
: RAMAGB &\u25a0; STAIsiTON,-
Castro St.; -near A,: Hayward. • '
POINT RICHMOND ; REAL ': ESTATE.
INVEST AT
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
. . POINT RICHMOND.
rOINT RICHMOND.
-.:• POINT -RICHMOND.- •\u25a0•'.
\u0084jV;>-v LOTS $G0 UP.
LOTS $50. UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP. '
;-$1 00 DOWN. ---\u25a0\u25a0-:\u25a0 ... *Si 00 A a WEEK.
NO INTEREST!- NO* TAXES!
-Directly ' on = Car. Line! .
Point Richmond is Growing! Rapidly!
Our Lots Offer Good Opportunity to Investors!
PACIFIC REALTY CO
'\u25a0 PACIFIC 'REALTY. CO.,
PACIFIC REALTY. CO.,
" 419-420 GRANT BLDG.; ;S.F.
Cor. ', Market and ,7th. . . Tel/ South - 1070. \u25a0 .'.
, BURLING A3IE REAL ESTATE.
AA— WHY buy outside of, the town or Bur-
lingame -when you. can buy choice lots right
in the "hub" itself of the Howard estate for
\u0084 the same money. ; Wise ones hava bought and
are building homes there, because the . loca-
,' tlon is right and there Is sound value In the
property.- Large - lots. 50x150. \u25a0 and larger
prices, $450 and up; easy terms and low in-
terest; wlda avenues, streets graded and
sewered, water pipes laid. In short time this
property \u25a0 only 25 minutes from the city. If
you want the best lots for home or, to hold
for a raise buy the Howard property.- Send
for map and price list to Howard Estate 200
BansomPst. room 3; phone Main 632. Local
of flee right . at the "Hub" in Burllngame.
Agent on ground every day.
ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT, i
JUST ONE """"" ™~^~-^
GOOD SIZE LOT
AT A SACRIFICE..
' All street work complete.
Small cash payment required.
Mortgage can stand. '
IT IS A SNAP.
MUST SELL.
See me' at once.
WM. U. BUTTERS.
Phone Oakland 2482.
468 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
SAX MATED REAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO CODNTY REAL ESTATE.
For sale — 27/ acres, near Palo Alto; good
land; sDlendid trees: would subdivide well;
this is a snao: terms if wanted.
\u25a0 %-acre lots on "Lee Tract," Woodside road,
near town; some beautiful trees; two sources
ef water: easy monthly payments.
Good hotel and bar; paying business: you!
can make terms If wanted; this is a money-
maklnK hotel.
Some nicely wooded lots in Oakwood Park
Tract, Fair Oaks station; easy payment* j
and other properties.
See J. D. SMITH for Prices.
United Contracting and Realty Co..
- - Redwood City. CaX
MARIJf COUNTY REAL ESTATE.
SAN RAFAEL.
CULLODEN. PARK TRAOT.
0 . THE FORBES OLD HOME- SITH
FOR SALE IN SUBDIVISION. .
This property Is situated In the most at-
tractive part of San Rafael, within easy reach
of Railway station and commanding a- magnifi-
cent view of Mount Tamalpals and surround-
ing country. Large lots and low prices.
Terms if desired. Sewers and water mains to
be laid - and street graded and macadamized
at present owner's expense.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO.. -
138 Montgomery st
FAIR OAKS REAL ESTATE.
A— FAIR OAKS '\u25a0 MENLO PARK.
Villa sites containing 1 to s\acres on un-
usually easy terms. Beautifully wooded.
Water and electric lights. Bus direct Con-
venient to station. "Fair Oaks Park." "Linda
Vista"., and "Quillota" Tracts. Investigate
our properties and Inducements before buy-
ing.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO.,
116 California *U. 8. F. and Menlo Park.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities." Palo Alto and Mayfleld. the
Stanford University towns; large lots, $300
and up; cement walks; graded streets, etc;
small monthly payments; country property;
houses for rent. San Francisco office, 720
Market; phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted.
LAND.
WE will locate you on good Government land;
J'ou are entitled to 320 acres of Government
and, 160 acres of agricultural land and also
160 acres of a timber claim. Call and see us
at 514 A Jones st Tel. East 4733. PACIFIC
LOCATING, DEVELOPING AND COLONI-
ZATION COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LAND wanted for subdivision: will buy out-
right or will Join owner In booming addition
or town site. MAXWELL, r. 578, James
.Flood bulldinar. • .
PROPERTIES WANTED CHEAP FOR CASH.
Business corner, fair buildings, about $40,000.
Business cor.. Mission old buildings, $16,000.
Business property, S. Mkt, pay. 7%; $20,000..
Cheap lots. Mission, Excelsior, Sunnyeide,
Ocean View.
W. J. WHITE CO., 26 Montgomery, room 8.
WANTED — Good city and country real estate.
BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery st.S.F.
. STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.- furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore: tel. West 823.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
gt. ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price- all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st, near Sixth, >>
AT.t, kinds second-hand, $3, $5. $8; slightly
used, $10, $15, $20. You know where dolls
swing In the . window. 1051 Market st
WAREHOUSES TO LEASE.
FIVE-STORY building, basement and electric
elevator; about 9600 sq. ft for storage or
manufacturing; Stevenson st, near 7th. J.
V. VICTOR, Majeatlc bldg., 1281 Market st
ALAMEDA ADYEBT^'MTS
_^^^ATA^I^JDA^R_EAJ^
BEAUTIFUL HOMES
FOR SALE IN ALAMEDA
BY THD ALAMBDA LAND COMPANT,
1418 PARK ST.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS VERT CHEAP.
SEE THE NEW HOMES' WB ARE BELLINO.
PURCHASE ONE OF THEM TO-DAT, PROP-
RTY IS DAILY INCREASING IN VALUEL
SOME EXCEPTIOI7ALLY GOOD BARGAINS.
$1,700— A fine largp 5-rbom cottage; lot ISOx
125; a bargain.
$850 — Lot 50x150, on principal street; (dew-
ing estate).
$2,250 — Beautiful new 5-room bungalow oot-
tage. near . Central avo.
$850— Elegant lot, 62x147; originally ooat
$1500; a snap.
$2,soo— New 5-room bungalow; gas and elec-
tricity (handsome).
' $2,750 — Fine 5-room cottage! large lot! choice
locality; a bargain.
$3,750 — Elegant 7-room 2-story house; near
trains and schools.
$3,250 — 6-room cottage; lot 50x103) between
-•' Grand : and Chestnut sts.
$3,500 — 6-room . cottage; / fins location! large
lot; a bargain. ' \u25a0
$3,76o— New 6-room cottage; lft stories t fla-
• lshed' In pine,
$4.600— 8-room 2-story houses lot 50x150;
. Chestnut-st station.
$5,000— 8-room. home; large lotj Central e,v*.»
\u25a0 to be sacrificed. '
$7,500— 8-room home; finished In oak; Central
.'aye.; a snap. •. \u25a0-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0'
$10,000 — The finest * home in Alameda; cannot
be duplicated for the money. -
Homes Built. Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND . COMPANY, .
1418 PARK ST.
Telephone Alameda 490. i--
\ BURR-PADDON COMPANY,
—• \u25a0 (Incorporated)
Tel. Main 8794. 40 Montgomery st, B. T.
i '..• ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
.. If you are thinking of purchasing or selling
Alameda real estate of any description it would
' pay you 'to callon us befere doing so. BURR-
FADDON""CO.,. 40 Montgomery st, S. F.
'LEHNERS & BUNSCHU,
. "Managers City Department.
-\u25a0 A HOME FOR NEW YEAR'I T
\u25a0 ON YOUR OWN TERMS. ,
Large reoeptlon hall. . paneled dining-room,
» gas and : eleotrto ' lights, . sanitary plumbing;
in the best ' residence location of Alameda:
ready " for ; oocupancy n«w; ~ small cash pay-
: ~ ment balance same as rent \u25a0 :
.-..--;'• - HAWKS A MEHRTENSv
*: Corner Webster and Railroad aye., Alameda.
LOOK j THIS UP. ,~-
\u25a0 Two-story, modern. 8-room house.- ©25 Chest-
nut Et ; porcelain \u25a0 bath ; hardwood \u25a0\u25a0 floors; gas
and electricity: - concrete - basement; furnace;
all modern conveniences; street work done; lot
50x108; nice shrubbery;, etc.; price $4750; easy
terms. - J. S. lIANLBY. 1310 Park st.,- Ala-.
meda: . ' -.\u25a0..-'•\u25a0 '.-'\u25a0\u25a0:.\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'" \u25a0 '-\u25a0
DESIRABLE home,' . 11 rooms ; and bath ; . sur-
.- rounded by *• large and beautifully '\u25a0 kept
grounds; situated In i the most . desirable '• part
of-Alameda: lot 202 ft frontage: price $6000.
Apply SAGE.DEALEY & CO.. 633 Market st.
SiaSO—jrEW cottage of , 5 rooms ; large lot ; a
complete -, and modern ' home: . ; Owner, J. H.
YOUNG.\ 1243 J Park , st., \u25a0. Alameda. - . ;
DON'T fail 'to; call; on CH AS. ADAMS & CO.,
Bay; station ; -we < have :, bargains In Alameda
".'' real testate. .'.'.', \u25a0. '-\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0:''\u25a0:"- .- - - \u25a0 , "'.' J-:. ... -_'
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
:18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing,' sl per year, i
BERKELEY ADVEBTS'XTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIRDSALL & CRAIG.
2185 Shattuck aye., at Berkeley station.
Start a new year by turning a new leaf ta
the page of prosperity.
If you purchase a lot m Berkeley and take
advantage of the constant rise in prices your
prosperity will be assured.
Call and see our various tracts la the Claxo-
mont and other districts, where you can pur-
chase a lot on terms to suit
A choice corner in Falrvlew Park, IOOxISOt
price $3300.
Lovely home, east of College are., near
Dwlght way, in - one of the prettiest sections
of Berkeley, at a very rtssonabln price.
We have a choloe business corner In the cen-
ter of town whloh we offer at a bargain for a
few days at way below market prlo*.
Have you seen that beautiful tract contain-
ing 135 lots, situated corner of Vexnon and
College ayes. 7
We are now prepared to show you this prop-
erty whloh is without exception the choicest
residence district of Claremont
The lots are all 50-foot front and average
about 130 feet deep.
The transport a tlon facilities, namely: Col-
lege-aye. car line 10 minutes to the university
and. 11 minutes to Fourteenth st and Bread-
way. Oakland, and the Key Route station, from
whloh you can reach San Francisco within 20
minutes and which is guaranteed to be la
operation within 10 months, 1* situated Just 1
block from this property.
The climate, as every one knows who Is fa-
miliar with that district at all, is much T" n< T«r
than any other part of the foothill* district —
this being, proved by statistics.
For homes. Improved building sites, business
property and investments see
BIRDSALL & CRAIG,
, 2185 Shattuck aye., at Berkeley station.
JOHNSON-BULLARD REALTY CO.
3324 Adeline. South Berkeley.
$2500 — 6-room cottage, high basements strict-
ly-modern; electricity, gas, bath, laundry: lot
20x135; sunny side of street; 2^ blocks from
Key Route station! HOOO dowa, balance flat
loan, - 8° per cent.
$3600 — Fine 7-room house on Shattuck ave.|
lot 40x100.
$2750 — 5-room, modern cottage; laundry,
bath, electrio and gas; two blocks from. Key
Route station; lot 40x135.
$1000 — 5-room, new, modern cottage: bath,
laundry, gas and electricity; corner lot 40x100,
$3550 — 6-room house, new, not completed;
fine lot sunny side of street. 40x115 1 2ft blocks
from Key Route station; $1050 down, balance
flat loan, 8 per cent
BUSINESS BUYS. . \u25a0
$12,000— Fine block in heart of Lorln, on the
main street: Income now $100 per month; snap.
$3000— Corner lot, 126 ft frontage, on the
main street. South Berkeley; worth $5000;
$1500 down $1500 one year 7 per cent; the best
buy in Berkeley.
$2250— Fine business lot en Alcatras; will
bring S4OOO.
•$1000-^-Nice residence corner on Fremont and
Woolsey.
$750— Resident lots In Santa Fe Tracts Nos.
8. 11. 15 and 20; 40 ft fronts; $130 down. $15
per month on 6 per cent on deferred payments.
$4500 — For sale or exchange, 10 acres of or-
chard, near Haywards. \u25a0 /
$4500 — 5-acre tract fronting new boulevard,
adjoining Haywards: may be cut lnt» lots.
Office open Sunday (team ready).
JOHNSON-BULLARD REALTY CO*
3324 Adeline. Lortn Station, South Berkeley,"
opposite Key. Route station. •\u25a0 W
SEE ALLEN FOR THESE) 9NAPSL'
2129 CENTER ST..
BSRKDbST.
Splendid hin view from this pretty bunga-
low ; 7 rooms; in fine location near U. C Price
$4200. Rented at $33 per month.
Swell house of 10 rooms on corner tn most
exclusive neighborhood. A good buy at $7500.
See It.
Good 5-room house on a corner lot. dose in.
$2650 Is a low price for this.
Facing' the sun: 2-story, 7 rooms; very
large halls ud and down stairs; white pine
finish; strictly modern: lot 40 ft front; 2
minutes to high school; 12 minutes to U. O.
Priced low at $3500.
Pretty, modern, 4-room bungalow; large loti
barn; half block from Grammar School. Prioe
$2500. Terms.
CHOICE) BUT ZN LOTS.
50x130; hill view; . close to High School: a
speculation at $800.
45x60; close in . corner; fine site for grocer
Or butcher; $1575.
On Grove st; west front j close in; 45x150;
$1150. Easy terms.
•Midst Berkeley's hills; JSOxISo; "See the
Golden Gate." $900.
Lots in the famous Claremont district from
$900 up on easy* term*.
Fine factory site on S. P. Railroad in West
Berkeley: fine frontage on two streets. A
snap at $975.
$1750— COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath, pantry high
basement brick foundation; lot 40x133;
sewered: brick well, windmill and large
tank; driveway, barn, chicken-house, fruit
berries, flowers, eto. - - (2140)
$2525 — New I^-story gothlc house; 6 good
rooms, bath, patent toilet pantry; electric
light, fuel gas; lot 33x135; 3 minutes from
this station; cash - $300, and balance like
rent. (1981)
$2200 — Pretty, new, rustic bungalow; 4 good
rooms, bath, pantry, electric light; large
porch; lot 85x95; all street work and
walks done. (2068)
$3300 — Modern 2-story house; 9 rooms bath,
pantry. 2 toilets, electric light; lot 41:6 x
120.' street work done and cement walks
laid; finely located on Harper st, 2 min-
utes from Ashby station; cash $600 and
$25 monthly. (2006)
$4000 — Desirable residence) on main avenue,
nearly new colonial house; 8 rooms, bath!
2 toilets, pantry, electric lights and gas;
bold corner lot. 45x112; street work and
cement walks done on both streets. (2009)
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
' :. •\u25a0 ' Open Sundays.
RESOLUTION'S FOR THE NEW TEAR OF
1906.
Btrst — Resolved, that in the future, when I
am looking for an Investment In real estate. I
will consult E. I*. Coryell Company, rooms
801-303-305, in the First National Bank build-
ing, Berkeley.
Second — Resolved, that Berkeley property is
the best Investment I can find, and that the
way to find the best investment in Berkeley Is
to consult El L. Coryell Company.
Tbirt — Resolved, that I will draw my surplus
money out of the savings bank, where I am
getting only 3ft per cent, and Invest it in one
of the many good propositions which E. L.
Cbryell Company can show me which will pay
me at least 20 per oent
X. U CORYELL COMPANT,
Rooms 801-803-306, First National • Bank Bid*.
Phone Berkeley 82. P. O. box S3.
$2000— ON easy terms; one new 4-room bunga-
low cottage; near corner Russell and Wheeler
sts.; just completed; up-to-date . plumbing;
house oomplete tn every respect; rooms tint-
ed; electric fixtures; gas for heating; ahadasi
, walks | - street work ail done; only 8 blocks
from Ashby station; one block to car Una;
lot 84-feet front; owner was offered $13 rent
per month.
ALSO.
$3250— Terms easy; one 6-room IU-story
house: corner lot; every thins op to date and
oomplete; will rent $30 per month. Apply
owner. 1661 Twenty-third aye., Oakland, or on
premises every day during working hours; oa
Sundays from 1 to 4 p. m.
MILLS. THE REAL ESTATE MAN. 2181
-' Shattuck aye., Berkeley, has a few well
furnished houses to let; also property in
country to exchange for Berkeley; a nloe
home in Riverside; amall ranches near Stock-
- ton; some bargain lots In Berkeley at old
prices for this week; $4000, new 2-story, 7-
room house In Hopkins Terrace. House of
- 16 rooms \u25a0on - Benvenue; come - and see It
house of 11 rooms, fine location and cheapt
Business property on Shattuck and Telegraph
ayes.
PHILO MILLS.
A BARGAIN
FOR' INVESTORS.
$17,000-iC«mer of 153 ft on Adeline st by 123
on Felton st ; ' a store and 12-room
house: used . now as a hotel; no other
land ' in . this block can be bought for
less than '$200 per front foot.
TC\ O. MORAN St CO.. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
IF you are looking. for a bargain tn a home.
investigate this:
$2200— New, modem, high basement cottage, 0
rooms, reception hall, gas, eleotrtdty. dec-
orated ceilings; large lot; good location:
east of Grove; close to trains; $300 cash
and $25 per month. See this to-day.
HEDEMARK & BRADHOFF.
* ; J Lorin, Berkeley.
ALMOST new modern house, 6 rooms; fine lo-
cation ,in SQUth Berkeley; two blocks from
Grove-st' cars; 4" blocks from Key Route*
\u0084 40 ft corner lot; • $2300; ; $200 cash, , balance
\u25a0 like renf . "
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California st . San Francisco. CaL
BERKELEY HOME BUILDING i
- V ASSOCIATION
Will . build . you an up-to-date home on small
. payments down, balance same as rent WAR-
REN CHENEY > & CO., agents. First Na-
tional Bank building. Berkeley station.
$3750— NEW house; 7 rooms and bath; Tele-
; . graph aye. and -.Webster st;- easy terms.
..____ - - ..A SNAP. \u25a0•
I LITTLE * WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck aye.,
Berkeley, CaJ. i
BERKELEY ADVERT'S-XTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattuck aye., Berkeley. CaL
"At Key Route Terminus."
COMMENCB THE NEW TEAR
BY INVESTING IN BERKELEY PROPERTY.
$2300 for corner. 120x135; south and east front-
age; capable of being subdivided Into four
fine lots; one-half cash.
$800 for full-«Ued lots; 50x130: In the MaOe*
Tract.
$800 for lot five minutes* walk from Dwlght
way station: 35x105; east frontage; street
work all done.
$2eoo— Comer on Dwlght way: 100x135: street
work all done: south and east frontage.
$3500— Tel«graph-ave. corner; 80 ft. frontag*
on Telegraph aye.
$5400 for the entire frontage of one block «a
Dwight way. south exposure.
$1800 for a lot opposite ,the Elmwood Park
entrance. v
$2500 for corner opposite Dmwood. Park; south
and east frontage.
WflW BARGAINS ARE- BEXNO USTBD
EVERY DAY. WHEN" YOU WANT
ONB COME AND ASK FOR
PARTICULARS.
$2S3o— New 5-room cottage, near Aahby sta-
tion: natural finished woodwork; nice
tinting; easy terms.
$3250— Tw0- story shingled hous-e"; 5 rooms an*
large reception hall; Flemish oak finish;
exceptionally pleasing Impression on en-
tering; 2 blocks east from Ashby aye.
station; $350 cash, balance $25 per mo.
$2SoO— Very pleasant home of c rooms In North
Berkeley, with fine view of the bay and
Mils, reception hall paneled 'with red-
wood ; front and back stairs, window
seats.. bookcaa«s. etc.; lot 40x100. "
$5000 for fine hozn« place on Dwight way; tot
• 43x130 and fall of trees, bearing fruit,
berry bushes and vines flowers, etc. There
is a finished basement with servant's
room; farnac» ; j nlc»ly fialsh«d and mod-
ern in every way. o
$7000— S-room nous, on Prospect. ***» tare*
unfinished 'rooms in attic; lot 60x144;
beaatiful location.
City Office— 2o Post st. „
"WE SELL THE- EARTH."
XUSTER A BAIRD. 2177 Shattuck aye.
_ $4000.
That 7-room house - near Ashby station la
still in the market and must be- sold Imme-
diately; the terms are- easy; maks us an offer;
this Is your opportunity.
SPECIAL FOR $4230.
Two and one-half blocks from Dwlght way
station. In* on* of the most growing sections
of town; an elegant 9-room house, downstairs
consisting of reception halt parlor,, dlnlng-
roorrj. kitohen. pantry, closets and servant*'
toilet; the hall, parlor and dining-room are
beautifully finished In native woods; upstair*
consists of three bedrooms, closets, bathroom
and toilet; the plumbing is modern and of
the best: lot 40x130; south frontage; convenient
to all the car lines, trains and schools ans can
be bought on very reasonable terms.
$4500.
Near Dwlght way and College ave-.; fine T-
room house, almost new; elegant location: lot
40x155; let us show you this and you will b«
convinced. For further Information regarding
any of these properties apply to
JUd'rjgK <fc BAIRD. 2177 Shattuck aye.
B% H. LAWTON A CO.. °
REAL ESTATE AND FIRE INSCRANCB.
. ' 2147 Center st.
Phone Berkeley 1115.
LET U3 PUT A BUG IN> YOUR BAR.
We will take pleasure In telling yon of th<»
best buys tn Berkeley and show ytfu what you
can do by buying tn
THE- BERRT-BANT39. FAIRVIEW, COLBY.
CLAREMONT PROPERTIES. CLAREMONT
PARK TRACTS AND ELMWOOD PARK.
. -We hay% contracts on a few splendid bar-
CALL AND TALK IT OVER WITH US. »
A FEW SAMPLES.
$2500— Corner; 57x120 ft.; In Berry-Bangs.
$2000 — W. front; 50x14* ft.; HUlegase a»e.
$1700— S. front; 50x120 ft.; Berry- Bangs.
$1230 — 42x130 ft.; adjoining Berry- Bangs.
CLARSMOCrr.
Choose TSayw a lot is this most de slrabfs) part
of Berkeley. We have a number of very choics
ones. For instance.
Tnree east-frontag* lots. 40x120; price. $2500
A corner. Stuart St.. 130x114 at $4200
Another corner, south front, for ..$lO5O
T9 feet, west side College, near Claremont.
for $40 per foot.
8m that fin* 8-room house, near Telegraph
ay*.. let 75x135. for $4750.
HASELTXNE A CO..
2136 Center st.
Phone Berk 1520.
F. H. PITMAN.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE,
2187 SHATTUCK AYE.. BERKELEY. CAL.
- I have some good bargains in lots on terms
in the following tracts:
Elmwood Park Prices $1730 to $4000
Claremont Park Prices 800 to SOCft
Falrview Park Prices W?0 to 2500
Clarercont properties Prices 1250 to 1600
Bay View Terrace Prices 800 to 1300
Hopkins Terrace No. 8
and B4 Prices 400 to 3<*H>
Regents Park Tract Prices 300 to 705
In addition to these tracts I can deliver f%
plat of ten lots at $5000 for the whole. This t«
situated only a few blocks from the- Santa Fa y -
tracts and is a fln« Investment. •
I also have lots and houses In different sec-
tions of Berkeley that I will b*> glad to show
you if at any time you may wish to call.
BEST BERKELEY BUYS. \~.-~
Fine corner on Fulton; small house; only
$3350.
Stx-room cottage on Haste; south front; 5
minutes to Key Route station; $3000.
Another bargain on Channlng of same kind I
T rooms; $3400.
Lots in the McGee Tract: 10 minutes from
station: $323. $600. $700. $300. $850 and up.
It a house is for sale we have> It.
We have recently taken a property census
and «•«" tell you of buys and values anywhere,
houses, business or vacant lots.
THE SKILLING CO.. 2114 Center st
~~ SPECIAL SNAPS.
Three lots left in the Humphrey Tract: west
frontage; street work all done: $650 each.
$750 each — 2 50- rt. south frontages In Hop-
kins Tarraco No. 4; grand view that cannot be
cut off.
We hava two or three lots In the Colby Tract
that can be- bcught on easy payments; this is
your last chance to invest at such a low price
and in such a rapidly growing community.
Write us for maps and locations of a f aw
special buys In the Claremont Tract: this prop-
erty Is In direct communication with Saa
Francisco by the Key Route.
W. J. MORTIMER * CO..
.2123 Center Street.
" Berkeley, Cal.
HOUSE, 9 rooms; modern: lot 40x180. ... 52300
House. 7 rooms, modern; only 1 block of
Key Rout* station $3300
Cottage, 4 rooms, modern; lot 50x130;
terms $1500
House, modern. 7 rooms. 2- story: Rus-
sell st.. near Telegraph aye. ; easy
terms $330 ft
Cottage. 8 rooms; lot graded; snap $700
Lot. 40x183; 2 blocks of Lorln station;
street work complete $SSO
Lot near Aahby station: 35x120 $32»
3 splendid corner lota near Telegraph and
00th St.: cheap.
X. L GRATNGBR.
3283 Adeline St..
South Berkeley. \
$3000 — NEW bungalow; 5 rooms; large recep-
tion hall, modern in every parUenlar;
ftje location: south front
$3500— Bungalow; Grove st: minnte from thli
station: A rooms; 30-ft. lot
ll SCO— Cottage; 4 rooms; Jarge lot.
$1200— New cottage; 4 rooms. •
$2400— New cottage; S rooms; 40- foot Ist;
street work done.
$2600 — New bungalow; 5 rooms; minute from
Ashby : $150 cash.
$4'so— Flats; 5-6 rooms; rents $43.
, Bo your own landlord: stop paying rent; come
and see us and we win tell you now, If you
have $150. we can start you right.
HEDEMARK A BRADHO9T.
Lortn. Sooth Berkeley.
HERE ARE SOME GOOD BERKEZJDT BXJT9.
Lot and 8-room house; dark finish; g«od lo-
cation; "$4OOO.
Bungalow; larx» lot; 8 minutes from i tit ion:
Corner business property; $10,000 to $100,000.
BERRY A WEHE.
Postofflco Building-. Berkeley.
WARREN CHENEY A CO..
REAL ESTATE-INSURANCE.
$3500— A flrst-olass Investment proposition that
pays over 11 per cent net; house of 9 rooms
and one smaller in rear; Just south of uni-
versity; will always rent; Improvements new
and" up to date.
! For Additional Classified Ad-r«rtte«-
' m«iti Its Fog* O. ', -
4142
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
RESOLVD
TO OWN- A HOME IN
BERKELEY.
1
______
eOxlSO: north side Charming way, rear
Colleff* aye $3500
70x112; east slfle Prospect et $5600
6 lots en Claremont aye $6000
£0x150; on Adelln* «t. at Ashby ar» $6000
00x110; Berry-Bangr~Tract $1685
_-— — .
50x50; Pro«r*ct-rt. corner 12800
SNAP BUSINESS CHANCH
Fine restaurant business fully equipped;
two years' lease; best location In Berk*-
le y $300
6-roora house; Etna Bt.; hardwood floors.sssoo
10 -room hou»« on NE. corner on Cedar st.s7ooo
IS-room bouse; 1 block from U. C.| l*e«ed
$b0 per month $10,000
6-room houec ca Bowdltch st- at Bancroft
way $5200
IIASON, McDCFFIB COMPANY.
2100 CENTER ST..
BERKELEY.
BURR-PADDON COMPANY, •
(Incorporated)
Tel. Main 37M. 40 Montgomery st.. B. F.
BERKELEY PROPERTY.
If you are thir.king of purchasing or selling
Berkeley real estate of any description It would
pay you to call on us before doing co.
LEHNERS & BUNSCHU,
Managers City Department,
NOW FOR BUSINESS]
The holidays are past and real estate values
\u25a0will advance rapidly. If you are thinking of
buying Berkeley property don't delay, ac It
will cost yv>u mere a month later. W» bave
ro— ie cpiendid bargains in lots and houses.
Come in and eoe us. All information given
freely.
HUTCHINSON & MUNSON.
2505 Shattuck aye.. Dwlght-way station.
BERKELEY'S best buys can all be found In
cur liste; ccrne in and we will Ehow you
where we are investing our own money.
SKILLIXG. Realty and Rentals, 2114 Center
et., Berkeley; correspondence propmtly an-
swered. ":, -\u25a0>
S. B. KEXFIELD & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
2115 SHATTUCK AYE.. BERKELEY.
FBUITVALE ADY ? T ? SXNTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
Is 1050 — Fine 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
all hard finished, etc.; good well arvd
pump, fruit trees, berry vines, etc. ; lot 50x
150; close to S. P. etation and 2 blocks
from East 14th st. car line; a big bargain.
050 — New 2-room cottage; brick foundation;
brick chimney; cottage built to be added
to on plan of 5-room cottage; lot 50x150;
convenient to cart; small cum cash down;
balance on flat loan.
900 — Nice 4-room cottage with lot 35x115;
one block from car line; close in; easy
terms.
250 — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and fine lot; 3
blocks from 23d-ave. station; 1150 down,
* balance easy monthly payments.
100 — Xtw \u25a0 3-room house; barn; city water;
chicken house; lot 50x250, fronting on two
etreets; convenient to cars; a good op-
portunity.
$1750^ — Good house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
46x125; 4 blocks from Fruitvale etation;
must be sold; terms to suit.
$1450 — Modern 3-room ccttage; all hard fin-
ished; chickeii houses, etc.; corner lot.
100x200; fine location and good i-ievation;
bandy to cars.
$2250 — New and modern cottage cf 5 rooms and
bath; up to date in every respect; lot
\u25a0"\u25a0>.>_\u25a0; fruit trees; 2 blocks from car line;
$2800— One acre of fir.c garden soil and modern
4-room cottage; one block from Fruit-
vale aye.
J:.-'-' — Two acre* of sandy loam and fine 4-
room cottage: windmill and tank; close
In and one block from car line; terms
easy.
$125 per lot — A few lots clo^e to Fruitvale
Hijrh school and 2 blocks from East 14t"a
st. ; $20 caeh down : balance $5 per month.
It. A. PL.EITXER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
BGI/LEVARD KEALTY COMPANY. *
1227 OLD COUNTY ROAD. CORNER
TWENTY-FIFTH AYE.
GET OFF AT TWENTY-THIRD AYE.
$1200 — Nice 4-roora cottage, bath, etc. ; good
location; nice lot.
$2100 — New and up-to-date 5-room cottage;
lt)t 40x20yi. street work, sewer, etc., all com-
plete. See this; it is a (Bap.
53250 — Beautiful 10-room houss on flne street,
close end har.dy to every convenience; grand
view; couth frot.taee; lot 50x140; high base-
ment, already floored; could be made into nice
rooms and house convened into 3 flats.
$5000 — Two magni'Scent 6-room flats on fine
street; (rood location and handy to cars, trains
and business; flne lot. 52x100; building alone
would cost to build $0500; for an Investment
you cannot beat it.
?C5O0 — 20 acres of nice land; new 8-room
hou^e; harfJ finished. Tvith gas and gas fixtures
in even' room; windmill and tank; 2 barns,
ch'cken-houses. etc.; thig is certainly a snap.
LINDA PARK. LIXDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
The tf-rrr.lnus of 5-cer.t fare, Haywards cars;
streets gradM and graveled; etone eldewalks;
depot on tract: lots Trom *50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 i>er menth; 15 blocks to local
train, best located property en San-'Leandro
r;a0: ciaded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTVMTS
OFFICE. JOIO BROADWAY.
(lAKI.AM) REAL. ESTATE.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Heal Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents.
Telephone Oakland ?50. 123<5 Broadway,
OAKLAND. CAL.
' MUST BE SOLD.
$1,000 — Cottage of 3 large rooms, large bath,
pantry, incloses porch. Two and one-
half blocks from Key Route line; three
blocks from another choice line; only 7
minutes to 12th and Broadway, either
line. This should rent for $14 per
month with very little expended.
EXCELLENT COTTAGE.
$1,550 — Up-to-dat^, nobby; 5 large rooms;
larpe ba*ement; electricity; lot 40x105
feet; renting 5240 per annum; location
*<«*\u25a0
MAGNIFICENT HOME.
$5,500 — German-Gothic d*-sign; S large rooms;
specially d«sirn«?d so as to get an un-
M obstructed view and full ray sunlight
every hour in the day; there is also a
fine billiard room, paneled, with open
fireplace; .situate on northwest corner;
high up from the street and beautifully
terraced down to a solid cement bulk-
head; the surroundings are of the
choicest residences; it is only 6 minutes
to 12th and Broadway over two separate
car lines and 40 mlnut«s to San Fran-
cisco; we invite an inspection of this
building.
$10,000 — Four small stores: good Income on
Investment; lot 50x100 feet; prominent
street between Broadway and Washlng-
s 7s.oo0 — Fine* business block; center of city
modern brick buildings.
$50.000 — Magnlfloent business property; 225 feet
en main business thoroughfare In heart
of the city; two magnificent business
blocks adjoining on either side; worth
$700 per front foot.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1236 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
$050 CASH, $15 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms,
barn, rhr-3, chicken-hcucee; good well of
water; nearly one acre of flne land In the
right place; tandy loam soil, where fogs and
raw winds rarely corae; in a thrifty settle-
ment adjoining East Oakland; near cars; B-
etory echoolhouse, postoffice, town hail,
stores and churches; streets well made; 3
frontages, main roads; price all told $2000;
call or *«nd for circular. 1300 Fruit\-ale
aye.. Fruitvale, near S. P. etation, and one
block from Haywards road; phone Vale 200.
CUAS. F. LEE. or 455 7th Bt-, opposite
Broadway station, Oakland: phone Oakland
«207; carriage free. GEO. H. LEE.
$400 CASH. $10 monthly — Beautiful, artistic
cottage, S large rooms, material and work-
manship tbe very best; high basement; very
little expense will make 6 rooms; foundation
strong enough for 4-story building; large
fancy porch fronts the whole building; house
could not be built to-day for lees than $1500;
note sire of lot, 175x80. with a number of
fell-bearing fruit trees, berriea. applea. apri-
cots, pears, etc.; city water and well of wa-
ter, enough to airpply a whol* block.; schools,
churches, electric cant prloe tor an $2200;
adjotalnc I>«t Oakland. Se* H. Z. JONES,
«$9 JCstb St. ex. Broadway, OUJtnd.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OAKLAND REAIi BSTATB.____^
KOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT. Jn^i_
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
WB SELL HOUSZ3S, LARGE OR SMALL.
$6500— Home in Linda Vista Terrace; 10 room*.
modern and up t« date; fine surroundings;
1M 60X162 - -2035-
$5OOO— A flne home up on the heights; 8 rooma
and basement; well-kept garden and lawn;
lot 50x220.
$5500— New flat*: contract price. $8250; con-
siderable amount of ' extra Improvements
have been added; lot 58x135. There Is
•nough land left to build another pair of
flats; income over 9 per cent.
—204—
$4750— Between stations; be«t «treet in Ala-
roeda; 8 rooms, modern and beautifully
decorated; cost $5250; $2250 cash, balance
flat mortgage; should be seen to be ap-
preciated.
—54—
$3250 — Fine new house; 7 rooms; finished In
pine; ras and electric lights; on a floe
street In Berkeley; lot 50x136:6; property
In the same block Is held at 20 per cent
higher figure. -.-*V ~ \u25a0
—193—
$2750 — A home on easy payments; ona block
from a broad-gauge station; 6 rooms;
modern; owner to leave the county Imme-
diately.
— 15S— • •
WB SELL COTTAGES. \
$3250 — Cottage and lot large enough for an-
other alongside; 7 rooms and bath; high
basement; lot 75x150. •\u25a0\u25a0 t .--.
—201—
$"250 — One of the handsomest bungalows In
the new Santa Fe Tract, close to the. Key
Route etation: 5 rooms and large recep-
tion hall; open fireplace; gas and electrio
fixtures.
_W-W—
$2550 — Rustic cottage; 6 rooms and bath; new.
modern; lot 40x133; terms $400 cash and
$30 per month.
— S-R—
$2650 — Small corner store on lot which has
good business possibilities^ 75x75.
—194—
WE ALSO SELL BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
EOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
Branch offlw* — Grove and C3d; 64th and
Adeline; Webster and College, Oakland.
A POINTER
ON
ADAMS POINT.
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
OF ADAMS POINT
TUB SCENIC,
THE PICTURESQUE
THE IDEAL
LOCATION FOR A
* HOME.
HEW UNSURPASSED.
LOCATION IDEAL.
CLIMATE UNRIVALED.
TRANSPORTATION THE BEST.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 BROADWAY.
ELEGANT Linda Vista Terrace home of 12
rooms, beth, laundry, basement, attic and all
modern conveniences; choicest residence dis-
trict; lot 50x125; price $9000; reduced on ac-
count of removal of owner from city. Fot
lull particulars apply to
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway.
STERNBERG & LINDBERG,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THESE?
$1350 — Close to Telegraph aye. and crosstown
Key Route trains; new cottage, 4 rooms.
bath, etc.; 40-foot frontage; barn, etc;
terms.
IG3
$1800 — Neat cottage home, 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
close to Telegraph «eve. and Fifty-fifth st.
Key Route; 2 fine lots, 60x100 and 25x100;
fruit trees, etc ; terms.
190
We have 'a lot, 40x135. on Sixty-third, near
Grove, only one-half block from Key Route and
S. P. stations at South Berkeley, which you
can have for $9<X> If you take It quick; you
can't touch anything near it for $1050; owner I
golnz East.
STERNBERG & LINDBERG,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
IT MIGHT AS WELL BE YOU.
When I set out to sell a lot It Is bound to go. j
This lot is going to be sold so low that the '
buyer can make a good turn on the invest- ,
ment right away.
One of the most desirable lots in the beautl-
ful Alta Piedmont Tract. Almost at your own
figure. Street work, sidewalks, sewers, water
and gaa mains complete. All ready "to build
upon rleht now.
FINE RESIDENCE NEAR BY.
MAGNIFICENT VIEW.
It Is going at a sacrifice if sold at once.
See me to-day or reach me by phone Main
5704.
W. J. WHITE, 26 Montgomery st., room 8.
READ THIS! BY THE ALDEN "COMPANY.
$4750 — Completely furnished 8-room residence
and corner lot; walking distance to town
and a bargain; this property Is well
worth $5500.
$3750— Lovely home. 8 rooms. 2 stories, nearly
new and all modern; good lot; sunny
and near town; cheap at $4500.
$2350 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms; sunny side
of street; $200 cash and $25 month.
$1750— Cottage, 5 rooms and lot, near the Key
line; $250 cash and $25 month.
$2500 — Cozy cottage. 6 rooms and bath, with
lot 30x100; palm trees and flne lawn,
etc.- very nicely located; sunny and
between two car lines; owner going north
and will give a bargain.
4CB Tenth at.. Oakland.
$0600— 8-ROOM beautiful house, 28th «t., at a
sacrifice. /_• '.
$4600— 5-room furnished house, 28th st., at a
sacrifice.
53250 — 6-room cottage, Berkeley, near cara.
$2500— 6-room cottage. West St.
$2500 — 3-room house, Fallon st,
$2000— 4-room cottage, Berkeley, near cars.
$2000 — 5-room cottage, Shattuck aye., near
COth st..
$1700 — 5-room cottage. 28th St., near San Pa-
blo aye.
$3250—2 flats, 61st at. ; Income $360 per year.
$5250 — 2 flats, 20th st., near San Pablo aye.;
Income $540 per year.
$1100— Lots on 38th ft.. 50x148.
25 feet on San Pablo aye., near 40th st. sta-
tion. $125 per foot.
CHAPIN & BOOTH.
CO Ban Pablo aye., Oakland.
ELEGANT LOT
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
North aide of Hobart st., near Telegraph aye.;
5 minutes' walk to business center; .10 rooms,
modern and choice home; could make two
flats at small expense; only $4750.
OFFER WANTED. '
8-room residence and lot sGxiOo, north side of
Hth et.. near Market; asking only $3400.
ALBERT 8. DAY.
REAL KSTATK AND LOANS,
FIRE INSURANCE.
1232 BROADWAY. OAK AND, CAL.
BURR-PADDON COMPANY,
(Incorporated) , \u2666
Tel. Main 379*. 40 Montgomery et.. S. F.
OAKLAND PROPERTY.
If you are thinking of purchasing or selling
Oakland real estate of any description it would
pay you to call on u« before doing so. BUitR-
PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery St., 6. F.
LEHNERS & BUNDSCHU,
Managers City Department. t
A NEW 6-room cottage, nicely finished, one
block from Lortn Station, on C3d st., between
Dover and Shattuck; email payment down
and easy monthly payments; open Sundays,
from 10 to 4. Address W. A. LITTLE-
FIELD, 19th and Telegraph. Oakland.
BEFORE) you buy get my new catalogue of
bargains: made up especially for busy people
who mean business. FREE for the asking;
. may save you or make you & lot of money
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway.
A 6-ROOM cottage, with bath, on Center st.
n»ar Seventh; price $1600. ANDERSON &
SON. 1506 Seventh st.. Oakland.
WANTED — To buy a house In Oakland; not
more than $1800. E. D. P., box 253, Oak-
lana. \u25a0 - '-\u25a0 ' . ' • ' ' . .
$2500— MODJCTtN 5-room furnished cottage;
2Ctb rt., near Telegraph; lot 25x120 or lot
60x120. 80S Franklla St., Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905,
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
480-462 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
$40,000— Modern, 8- story, brick buslnes* block;
pays over 7 per cent net; always rented;
flne Washlngton-st. investment. •
1 $18,500 — 75 feet frontage on main thoroughfare ;
near new Twenty-second-st. Key Route
line; modern Improvements; business
crowding the property; $12,000 flat loan
can remain.
$11,500 — Three modem flats; In business center;
Income $1206 per annum; can get buyer
| $8000 mortgage at bank rate of Interest.
$10,000 — Income corner, 150x100:11; dwellings;
rents $1200 .per year; la factory center,
close to Broadway.
Fine Broadway investment corner; 122 f»et
frontage; near Twenty-second-st. Key
Route line; cheapest property bo close In
on street.
- $9,000 — Offer considered; bustneoa lot, 50 feet
frontage; near business center; will sub-
divide.
Corner factory site, 150x100; in factory center,
near water front; Improvements pay
more than bank rate of Interest net.
$5,600 — Two modern residences,' 8 and 10
rooms each; up to date; furnace; 76x125:
barn; steady tenants; choice location; 10
minutes' walk to Broadway; bargain.
Fine apartment-house elte, 100x150; Franklin
st., close In; cheap.
$0,800 — Fine, modern, colonial 7 rooms; almost
in town; 43x110; owner anxious to sell;
terms arranged.
$5,500 — Fine new residence 9 rooms; up to
date; extra nice Interior; 5 bedrooms; 2
blocks from Broadway; close In.
$4,500 — Two modern cottages, 8 room* each;
50 feet frontage; Income $528 - per an-
num; always rented; 5 minutes' walk to
Broadway.
$4,500 — Pair modern residence flats; 50x125;
choice location: beautiful elevation;
home and income; $1000 cash.
$15 foot — Nice lots; any frontage; street work
complete; near 3 car lines; good neigh-
hood; easy terms.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A NEW YEAR BARGAIN.
A CHARMING HOME FOR $2000.
ON A FINE 40-FOOT LOT.
IN THE SANTA FE TRACT.
ON THE KEY ROUTE.
30 MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
Just completed and right up to date in de-
sign and conveniences. Close to Key Route
station, street cars and schools; 15 minutes
from University of California. Can be bought
for moderate cash payment and balance month-
ly — like paying rent.
Go to-day by the Key Route, taking Berke-
ley train at the mole. Get off at South Berke-
ley station. Go to our branch office, 150 feet
south of where the train stops and we will
show you this banrain.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
IC6O Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$10,500— A CHOICE piece of business
property with a frontage of 100
feet on Franklin et. ; the Im-
provements are old and rented
low at $70 per month; the prop-
erty adjoining this is held at
$200 per front foot; Western Pa-
cific depot will be within 2 bl:cks
of this; if you want (something
that will double In value In 1
year take this. .
$13,000 — About 3 acres, south of 49th
Et. and east of Telegraph aye., In
the line of Oakland's most rapid
growth; streets all around this, ,
sewers in and the tract ready
for subdivision; this Is certainly
a snap, for It would sell In eub-
dlvislons at double this figure.
E. J. b-lEPARDSON,
Real Estate and Insurance,
424 Tenth st.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$6000 — Superb residence site; lot 100x162, on
crown of Blackstone Heights, one block from
Telegraph aye.: choice surroundings; grand
view; will subdivide.
$2650 — An extra choice lot In Adams Point
Tract, 53x150; cheaper than list price, as owner
can't utilize.
$1075 — Fine lot for home or flats on Eighth
St.. near station; 37:6x156. .
$1150— Beautiful building site; 40x132. on
Vernon st.. Vernon Heights; grand view; high
terrace.
$2250— G00d speculation; lot 50x129; on 22d
st. where new Key Route train Is going, near
San Pablo aye. - %
$450 will buy 25x100 on Twenty-eighth St.,
near San Pablo aye.
$1250— A lifetime chance; a northwest 35- ft.
corner lot; on crown of hill; Vernon Heights;
; superb view; 1 block to cars; near Senator Per-
kins' mansion: 37:0 or 40 ft. at same rate; grab
it quick. BELDEN, Real Estate, 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland.
A BARGAIN.
5-ROOM COTTAGE.
Lot 60x115; short distance from Adeline-et.
etation, Berkeley local and Key Route local;
to be sold for $350 down, balance $20 per
month; property is worth $2000; street work all
done; also stable and shed; good well of water
and city water.
JAMES S. NAISMITH,
1050 -Washington St., Oakland, Cal.
$3750 — BEAUTIFUL, modern, up-to-date 7-
room house, with bath and laundry, large
reception hall, massive oak mantel and open
fireplace, modern plumbing, on lot 38:6x100;
situated on east side of Grove, near Brock-
hurst; this property is well worth the money
and must be seen to be appreciated; small
amount of cash required.
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$575 — LOT 60x100; near 40th and Grove Bts. ;
Key Route.
$B2s— Lot 50x100; near Key Route, 40th
and Adeline.
$2550 — Good house of 7 rooms, bath; also
good windmill and tank; let 50x100; near
40th and Grove. Key Route. . . »
HUGH M. CAMERON, ; ' .
1058 Broadway. ' .. . v
$3000— COMPARATIVELY new, modern house
of 6 rooms; lot 26x100; on Peralta st.; must
be sold at once. A. J. TAIT. 1520 Seventh
St.. Center-st. station. Oakland. '•
EAST OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750, worth 54000; lot 84x150; B-
room house, bath, high basement; good barn,
windmill and, tank; flne water; 2 electric
car lines pass property; 15 minutes to local
train; part cash. Apply to owner. 1661
Twenty-third aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BEKINS VAN J AND STORAGE CO.. general
movers — We have the best warehouse in the
West (only covered vans used).- DON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 1018 Broadway,
Oakland ;Dhone Main 907. *\u25a0
OAKLAND ; BOOSIS TO LET.
LARGE clean sunny rooms; flne beds; house-
keeping or single; private family; nice home;
central; 615 Fifteenth st.. Oakland.'
TO-MORROW the day for bargain! in furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th at., cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Adyert's'ents
ADOPTION.
OPEN for a boy or girl; Catholic preferred.
Particulars DR. EMILIE FUNKB"S- Mater-
nity Villa, 1416 Eighth st., Ahuneda; strictly
private.
All unfortunate, come to me ,
A lovlne mother ' I will be
And uphold your \u25a0 future paths, *
Soothing pain while misery lasts.
Leave your burden In' my. care :
For an Ideal : home to y sbare * - — v \u25a0 -
A brirht future In a Christian family.
_.. '-.-\u25a0-\u25a0 .ACCOUNTANTS: /;'.-;-.- V * _
ACCOUNTANT'S services", $10 "and upward *p«r
month; Includes keeping your booka; examin-
ations and financial statements made; private
lnstruc bookkeeping, etc 809 Market, rm. 03.
CHURCH SERVICES. "
CENTRAL' M. Ev Church.' Mission sW between
Sixth and Seventh— The pastor, , Rev.. Geo.
W. White, will preach at both services to-
day. A watch-night service wHI follow the
regular evening service. Sunday . school at
12:45, Rolla V. Watt Buperintendent. Young
people'i meeting at 8:15. Special mualo.
Seatg free. Everybody welcome. .-
UNITARIAN Church (First): SW. cor. Geary
and 1 Franklin Bts.— Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister. Junior Church and Sunday-echool
are at 10 o'clock. C. A. Murdock and Mrs.
Humphrey Smith, superintendents; Sunday
service Is at 11 o'clock; there Is no even-
ing sen-Ice. Mr. Leavltt will preach "A
New Year's Sermon." Music by quartet, un-
der direction of-H. Brethrick. organist. All
are cordially Invited. :.-.'-
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts (take Mission, Valencia
or Howard' street car>. — C. Calvert Smoot,
minister; residence 3470 Twentieth st. Sun-
day-school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at
11 o'clock. Subject of the sermon, "The
Threshold of the New Year.'" No erening
service. Choir under the direction of . Mrs.
H. E. Franck. All cordially Invited.
GRACE- Church, California Bt., corner of
Stockton— Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Cele-
bration of holy communion, 8 a. n.; morning
service, 11 o'clock. Te Deum and Jubilate
; service In C (H. J. Stewart); offertory,
"Abide With Mo" (Dunstan). Full cathedral
service, 7:45 p. nu; service in B flat (Gar-
rett) i watch night service, 11 :45 p. m. Or-
ganlst and choirmaster, William H. Holt.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
rts. — Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D..
rector. Holy communion, 7:30; Sunday-
school, 9:30; morning service at 11. New
Year's sermon by rector. Oratorio. Handel's
"Messiah," will be sung by the choir at
8 p. m. .
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Fillmore sta — Rev. John Hemphlll.
D.D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
sermon topic. "The Danger of Delay." Even-
ing service at 7:30 o'clock; sermon topic,
"The Whole Gospel in One Sentence." The
pastor will preach at both services. Sabbath
school at t>:3o a. m. Christian Endeavor
meeting at 0:15 p. nx. Prayer meeting Wed-
nesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are cor-
dlally Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness aye.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. Wm. Kirk Gutb-
rie, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Bible school, 9:45 a, m.; Christian
Endeavor. 6:15. Watch meeting services will
begin 9:30 p. m. and continue with an in-
termission till the new year. Wednesday,
8 p. m., midweek services; subject, "Sermon
on the Mount." All are cordially Invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. 820 Eddy st. — Rev.
J. B. Travis. Grants Pass, Ore., will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7 :30 p. m. Bible school
at 12:30, A. Ai Macurda, musical director
all services. C. E. societies meet 6:30 p. m.;
midweek prayer service 7:45 p. m. Wednes-
day; nil are Invited ; seats free.
CHRISTIAN Science services — First Church Of
Christ. Scientist, cor. Poet and Taylor Bts. —
Services. 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ; subject
of lesson sermon, "Life." . Sunday school for
children, 11 a. m. Wednesday evening meet-
Ing at 8 o'clock. Free " reading-rooms. 206
Kearny st.. rooms 600-610. All are welcome.
THE People's Church holds meetings Sunday
evenings, 8 o'clock, in Calumet Hall, Red
Men's building, 220 Golden Gate aye. Sub-
ject this evening, "A New . Heaven and a
New Earth." Lecture, followed with mes-
eages and watch night meeting, at residence
of pastor, Mrs. Anna L. Gillespie, 631 Van
Ness aye.
AT the Y. M. C. A., corner of Mason and Ellis
Eta., a meeting for young men will be held
this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Mr.
Fred A. McCarl of New York City will de-
liver the address. The Robson Orchestra will
furnish special music and A. A. McMillan
will sing. The meeting Is free and all men
are invited.
REV. C. B. LANGDON. the railroad evangelist
of Colorado, will preach at the Church of the
Nazarene. 277 Valencia St., near Fourteenth,
this afternoon at 3 o'clock and again at 7:30
in the evening. Rev. C. B. Langdon was a
locomotive engineer for twenty years and
was converted fifteen years ago. Six years
ago the Lord called him to preach. Come
and henr htm. Everybody welcome.
BUDDHIST Mission, 807 Polk st.— Every Sun-
day, 11 a. m.. service and sermon. To-diy,
Rev, K. Uchlda will speak on "Earolsm and
Ultruism." All are cordially iirfited. Seats
free. - - \u25a0
WATCH meeting I. T. B. Spiritual Church.
Scottish Hall. 8 p. m.; -Maxwell,. Wrenn,
.Franks, Cook, Coakley. Armstrong,, others;
all mediums welcome.
SEE Ben Hur's drill team exhibition, January
1; Welcome Hall. Odd Fellows' building. J.
M. CUSTBR, chairman;-' '' —:.-\u25a0•-
JOHN WILSON and C. Lottringer will hold
spiritual meeting, 2 and 8, A. O. F. bldg.,
102 O'Farrell st. •
A A — Henry Harrison Brown lectures 8 p. m. I.
0.0. F. bldg.; "New Thoughter's New Year."
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MRS. HARLAND. New Year test circle to-
night; also watch meeting; 10c. 148 Sixth.
MME. YOUNG'S watch and test meeting to-
night, 10c. 975 McAllister; read.. 1269 McAll.
TO-NIGHT. Mrs. M. Bird; circle Sun.. Tues.,
Thurs.; readings daily. 317 G. G. aye.
MRS. L. H. SILL will hold spiritual meetings
at 1049 A Market st.; 100.
MF.ETINGS— UnIveranI Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society (Katherine Tlngley, leader and offi-
cial head), San Francisco center. 912 Bush
St. ; free public meeting every Sunday. 8
p. m. The above organization has 1 no con-
nection with any other so-called Theosophical
bodies In the city. \u25a0 ...
MEETINGS— -THEOSOPHICAL.
THE Theosophlcal Society, Academy of Sci-
ences Hall — Public lecture, 8 p. m., by Miss
J. C. Brodie; eubject, "The Law of Karma."
Miss Gladys Downs, pianist.
SUNDAY LECTURES.
FREE Thought Association. 161 City Hall aye..
2 p. m., "Is There a Place and Purpose in
Nature?
"SCIENCE of Being" lecture to-night, Sarah
J. Watklns; BUbject. "What Am I?" 1120
Sutter st. i
VEDANTA Soc.— First Hindu temple in West;
Webster-Filbert; opens next Sunday; free lee.
FREE hypnotlo lecture and exhibition. 3 p. m.,
"What la Mind?" 1.0.0. F. Hall. 7th & Mrkt.
MEETING NOTICES.
TBRBA BUEN A Lodge No. 13, I.
O. O. F. — Officers and members £io&&G§3&k,
are hereby notified to assemble "TEfltHTBf
In lodgeroom TO-DAY (SUN-
DAY). Dec. 31, at 12:80 o'clock, for the pur-
1 pose of conducting the funeral services 'Of
our late brother, ALBERT G. WALTON. By
order E. N. BROWN, N. G.
CHAB. A. WISEWELL. Rec. Sec
ALL members of the Ancient Order of v, \u25a0
Foresters residing In San Francisco
and sojourning members are hereby c=j..
requested to attend the funeral of XbL
our late-- brother, ROBERT F. *S»»
: SLEIGHTAN, a member of I Court Pride -of
Stanislaus No. 8240, La Grange, Cal. The
funeral ceremony will be held In A. O. F.
building, 102 O'Farrell st. For funeral notice
see Sunday papers.
(Attest) J. FALCONER,
Permanent Secretary, A. O. F.
SPRING VALLETf S WATER COMPANY.—
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 20, 1005.— The an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of ; the
. Spring Valley Water Company, will b« held
at the office of the company. 128 Stockton
' St., San Francisco, Cal., at 12 o'clock noon,
on WEDNESDAY, the -tenth day of Jan-
uary. 1906, for the election \u25a0of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action -of Buch other business as may come
before the meeting. . PELHAM W. AMES.
Secretary. . . «
ANNUAL meeting.— Notice is hereby given
that the seventeenth annual meeting of the
stockholders of the San Francisco and j Oak-
land Mutual -Loan Association : will- be held
i at the ' office of the \u25ba corporation, 460 Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, WEDNES-
DAY. January 3. 1906,- at 2 o'clock p. m.<
for. the purpose of . electing directors for the
ensuing year, presentation of the seventeenth
annual report,, and' the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
s'!?: Books are now open for subscription to
1000 shares of stock. of. the eighteenth series
By order of the board of directors.
A. SBARBORO, Secretary.
THE annual: meeting 'cf the ; stockholders *of
, Wells. Fareo Nevada National Bank of Saa
Francisco. Cal:, will be held at Its banking-
house. 301 - Montgomery ' St.. : San Francisco,'
•Cal., on TUESDAY,- January 9,; 1006, at 3:15
p. m., for the election of s directors to : serve
Curing the ensuing year. I and for ; the trans-
Action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. 3 \u25a0„-.-. . ,\u25a0\u25a0.-.\u25a0 \u25a0.-..': . '
F. L. LIPMAN. SecreUry.
ASTROLOGY/; '"';
AB T° H> . celebrated \N. i Y." Astrologer ; , man of
ability! reliable advice $1; lessons. 33 Ma-
son st.--.. - :.' :, ','\u25a0_\u25a0- ..:--:\u25a0_ •'\u25a0..-: --.- \u25a0.;;.•.,:. -.-•:-"-.,.",
-.:_•_:'- vyv'-ApyEßTisiyiß.;/-.;^;/.. •-.'•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:-.
JEAN CASSIN A,, ad writing. . catalogue*, clr-
t culars. program im*<* cards. Room - 28, "Au-
xerals : building. -. ,
'.. - - ; . \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:: \u25a0 '.v'"'-" \u25a0 .\u25a0' '?\u25a0;.' --\u25a0\u25a0'' - v \u25a0 i
ATTORSEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE free: private, . confidential ; business
. legally . and \ promptly transacted ; . attach-
ments, collections, probate, 1 mechanics' Hens,
tenants ejected, bankruptcy, .deeds, mort-
. 'gages, homesteads, partnership- papers, con-
tracts, wills, etc., drawn. Attorney, 632 Mar-
ket, room 23; open evenings. 7:30 to 8:30.
DIVORCE; costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice free;
Do fee In advance; no charge unless success-
ful; open evnge; wills, deeds, - leases, bills of
tale and articles of copartnership; corpora-
tions organized; bankruptcy; collections; p:o-
batlng of estates. 927 Market, r. 30L
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
I 6th floor, entrance room 611 ; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fee in advance or 'for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free;, legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases bandied; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 819 Mkt., r. 33.
CREDITORS of R. Brent Mitchell, who wish
to learn of something to their advantage,
are requested to address box 2543, Call office,
without delay.
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. Ag., r. 85, 818
Market, opp. Emporium ; tel. Montgy. 1310;
legal matters and collections; old established.
M. L. RYAN, Atty-at-Law. 1148 Market, opp..
Hales'; courts; advice; collections; open evgs.
L. B. CLARK, 827 Market, room 302. consulta-
tlon free; no fee in advance. Open evenings.
DETECTIVES.
ALL kinds of cases handled; business strictly
confidential; charges reasonable.
CO* Montgomery st.. room 204.
AUTOMOBILES. _^
NO matter what you want to buy or sell In
the auto line. I can * Interest you: second-
hand machine* exclusively. R. H. MORRIS,
Auto Broker, 675 Thirty-sixth St., Oakland,
Cal.; established 1001; send for list.
$1100 RAMBLER, mirrey type; one 1905, nearly
pew; demonstration given. ALLEN & AL-
LEN, 1151 Mission st.
'
1806 MODEL Compounds arrived: prize-win-
ner in 700-mile economy test; demonstrations
&*y. night. S. F. Auto Co.. Inc.. 418 Ninth.
FOR sale — National automobile with canopy
top; four-cylinder: all complete; price $450.
Box SlO3. Call office. \u25a0
POPE-TOLEDO touring car for sale; seats
five; In first-class running order. Address
box 8304. Call office, .
WE are now in our new quarters and solicit
your business. The Fruitvale Garage Co..
8322 E. 14th St., F. I.AVIOLETTE. Manager.
BARGAIN— I9OS Pierce Arrow; good as new:
full guarantee. Box 6234, Call office, Oak-
land. \
$100— ONE 25-HP. delivery automobile; almost
new; cost $3000. 1503 Folsom st.
OLDSMOBILE for sale; first-class running or-
tier; price $000. ' Box 3200. Call office.
' BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your books; nothing too larga.
nothing too email; we make a specialty of
keeping small sets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Tel. Eouth 020. 511-12-13 Callaghan building.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—$1800;A — $1800; RESTAURANT and chophouse, near
Kearny and Montgomery; rent $75; monthly
eales $1000; cause of sale, owner to retire.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—ssoo;A — $500; HALF interest in coffee and tea store;
choicest location in the Mission; rent $22 50;
owner engaged In other enterprise only cause
of disposing. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— soso; RESTAURANT; established many
years; clears $150 per month; rent $25: lo-
cation the very best: owner wishes to go to
Europe cause of sale. K. G. WILKE. 26%
. Kearny st.
A—s4so;A — $450; WOOD and coal yard, south of Mar-
ket; rent $20; lease; 2 horses. 2 wagons;
death In family only cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A—s9so;A — $950; SALOON on water front, opp. ferry
building; net rent $60. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— sl4oo; OYSTER and chop house close to
Market and Fourth sts.; rent $50; dally re-
cepts. $40; well established; - good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2oo; CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel; rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny »t.
A— s2soo; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; piaci established years; a
-good business; owner i widow; wants to go
to Germany. R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
$5500 — ONE of the beat hardware stores in the
Western Addition;, plumbing and electrical
workshop in connection, including horses,
harness, etc. ; old established and a money
maker; cheap rent.
CALIFORNIA BUYERS' UNION,
- 1251-53-55 James Flood bldg.,
San Francisco.
FINE opportunity to open up business in
wholesale district; large store, having been
used successfully for restaurant, Is now va-
cant and for rent: 5 years' lease; investl-
gate : particulars room 318. James Flood bldg.
WANTED — A working partner In the Imple-
ment and hardware business; business well
established; man must be Intelligent and
good worker. For further particulars ad-
dress box 3101. Call office.
A DELICATESSEN store on corner for €ale,
including three living rooms; sales about $30
a day; this Is a good paying business; best
of reasons for selling; investigate at once.
Box 3002, Call office. .
BUTCHER shop doing nice business; good cor-
ner location; well fitted; new icebox; 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $25; 3 years' lease; partners
- dissolving; ask $600; cell part cash. Box
4556, Call office.
FOR sale— ln Lake County, one of the best
mineral springs In the State; well patron-
ized- the year round; a money-making prop-
osition. Address box 3109, Call office.
FOR sale — At the head of one of the Cali-
fornia rivers, a good general merchandise
store; flne location for store and trade; will
sell reasonable. Box 32»5, Call office.
$600 AND services 6 hours per day; controlling
Interest In established legitimate business;
$150 per month for you. Box 6232, Call
I ! office, Oakland. -
BARGAIN In restaurant — This ia a sacrifice;
north of Market; doing a good business;
fullest investigation permitted; stock and
fixtures will invoice over $000; proprietor is
sick and In hospital, so will sell everything,
including license, for $300; genuine honest
bargain. Full particulars at room 318,
James Flood buildlns. ,
$4000 — SALOON and 18 rooms, furnished, for
sale on account of poor health; a money
maker; must be sold at once; make offer.
Particulars at 750 Market St., room 11. \u25a0 .
STOCK companies incorporated; if you have
stocks cr bonds for sale offer them through
me to investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG.
• broker, 545 ElUcott square. Buffalo.
WILL sell big paying retail business; will not
. sacrifice; if you are willing to pay what it Is
worth write; poor health. Box 303. Chlco.Cal.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
COMPLETE soap and soda plant for sale;
: buyer taught free. lOCS Third aye., Oak-
land. , • • .:..
A GOOD paying business for sale. Address
box 439. Healdsburg, Cal.
|500 WILL buy first-class renovatory and tai-
\u25a0 lorlng business. Including wagon; 5 years'
lease; rent 5.10; upward of 200 customers.
Address box 28*0, Call office.
BLUB book on patttits and list -"What to In-
vent." free to any address; patents secured
or fee. returned.. GEO. S. VASHON & CO..
078 F et.'. Washington, D. C.. :
FOR . sale— House, lot. blacksmith shop, tools,
etc.: good . location; Sixty-fourth and San
Pablo aye. P. H. HOLLAR, owner.
CORNER grocery with bar. license for sale
\u25a0 cheap within the next ten • days. Apply
BRUNSING. TOLLE &. POSTEL. 512 Front.
WILL tmX. or buy roadhouse : with grounds;
Santa Clara County preferred; state size and
price. CO.; 262 East Eighth St.. Oakland.
CIGAR, tobacco, stationery \u25a0 and notion store;
; » good, location; rent $10; price $300. Inquire
.... 45% Sacramento st. .
A GOOD Call route in Western Addition f or
sale. ,^ Apply at- this office. .•_\u25a0;,
BARGAIN— Candy - store- good bus. ; doctor's
order to.l eave clty::lortg lea9e. 2821 Mission.
SALOON and lunch stand for sale; reasonable.
..; 168 Fourth st. :. - .--,\u25a0-
S2OO— CORNER cigar store, with : laundry of-
fice; rent $10.'- 401 Third st.
FOR SALE — Lunch counter business. 627 San-
. some st. Cheap. , ,; .
SALOON onicorner; snap. Box 3833. Call.
, RESTAURANT for sale \u25a0 at! once. 135 \u25a0 East st:
$50 CAPITAL wins $12 dally;: positive proof
BLAIR. 935 Market St.. t room 1. ;-
GOOD Call rout* for 1 sale. . Apply at Call
\u25a0 of fie* , - f
BUSINESS CHAJf CES — Continued.
CALIFORNIA BUYERS' UNION,
1251-53-55 James Flood Building.
Chance of a lifetime; nice, genteel business
for lady 'or gentleman; clears $200 monthly,
which can be Increased.*
We have a client who wants partner in safe,
conservative business; will himself put in $400.
Wanted — Able man of good character as rep-
resentative In the East to handle California
fruit for a large packing-house; must have
good references and be able to invest a small
amount of money, co that he will be Identified
with company. • .
If you have a good, legitimate business prop-
osition for sale and want quick results see as.
Do you want a bakery, restaurant, saloon,
grocery, rooming-house, chicken or fruit ranch,
or any good investment? We have them.
CALIFORNIA BUYERS" UNION,
. v. 1251-53-55. James Flood Bldg.,
San Francisco.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY^
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
Seventh and Market sts.
\u25a0 GET FREE LISTS.
LARGEST, BEST. MOST RELIABLE.
Rare saloon bargains on Fourth, Third, Mc-
Allister and other good streets.
Market-st. cigar stand; enap; others on
Fourth and Sixth, etc ; should see them.
From $300 to $1600 — Confections and notions.
All parts city — Restaurants and delicates-
sens.
YOUR CAPITAL FITTED FROM OUR LISTS.
PACD7IC REALTY COMPANY.
j 419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
~ *
BRIGHT young man own get position as mana-
ger of branch office with well known firm
contemplating extending their business; must
put $2000 or $3000 In stock of company; high-
est references given and required.
Call on MR. OWENS, or address 1253,
Jarr.es Flood building, San Francisco.
WANTED — By the leading San Francisco real
estcte corporation, a good, live, energetic
man, 25 to 45, of good appearance, as mana-
ger for branch of See; experience not abso-
lutely necessary. Apply at once to box 4505.
Call office. "
TRIAL given before buying a light profitable
business; small capital required; a man will-
ing to taka hold and make himself useful is
needed; must be satisfied with $25 to $35 a
week. Call to-day. 750 Market St., room 11.
$4500 — FIRST-CLASS restaurant In center cf
Oakland; good business and long lease; $50
per month; old stand; owner retiring. All
particulars with THE ALDEN COMPANY,
4CB Tenth st., Oakland.
FOR SALE — At Palo Alto, " Cal.. first-class
restaurant; best location In the city; will
• sacrifice on account of having other Inter-
ests that require- attention. Address box
M. Palo Alto. Cal.
PARTNER wanted for manufacturing house-
hold article; protected by patent; persons
meaning business are Invited to make th»
fullest investigation; no agents. Box 4833,
Call office.
LADY that can Invest $2000 and give 3 hours
per day {business strictly legitimate) can
realize ?100 per month on the Investment.
Box 6233. Call office, Oakland.
A HOTEL for sale; new building; close -to San
Francisco; everything modern; good trade
that can be increased. Address box 8397,
Call office.-
FOR SALE— Stationery, notion and school sup-
plies; this place Is well located; good busi-
ness; will sell at once at Invoice. Address
box S3 00. Call office. -
I - WANT llv«ly man to Join me In flrst-rate
business scheme; this will pay from the
start; no money or experience necessary.
Box 4862. Call office. -
$5000 WORTH of saock In paying merchandise
business; 6 per cent guaranteed and share In
profits besides. Address box 6235, Call office,
Oakland.
FOR SALE— Clothes cleaning and pressing
business: large established trade: will stand
investigation. Address Cr/i agency. Stockton.
WANTED— To Invest $ICOO. with service pre-
ferred, in some good paying business In San
Francisco. Address box 3204. Call office.
WANTED— To buy country etore with fur-
nished house attached. Address with full
particulars, box 3003, Call office.
WANTED — First-class bartender who can In-
vest &' little money in the business. Call or
address 430^ Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — An investment of some kind that
will pay reasonable profits. Box 3336. Call.
WANTED — A cigar stand. Address, location.
etc.. box 1691,. Call office. :-;\u25a0;•\u25a0•.\u25a0;-
FOR sale— rln Hayes Valley, corner grocery
and bar. Address box 3405. Call office.
NEAT chophouee close to big car barn, for
sale; rent $20. Inquire 1228 Fillmore st.
WANTED — In Oakland, a small store of some
kind. Box 32C5, Call offlce.
WANTED — A notion store. Box 1690, Call
offlce.
FOR sale — Saloon on water front; good trade.
Inquire box 3297. Call offlce.
WANTED — To buy a saloon license. Call or
address 436*4 Golden Gate aye.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, ccr. Duncan & Church at*.
L.ODGIN'G-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— BALDWIN REALTY CO..
Tel. John 4496. 9WS Market, rms. 6 and 6A.
For sale or exchange — Rooming-houses.
Apartment houses. City and Country Prop-
erty. A Little Cash. We Loan the Balance.
MARION GRIFFIN,
070 Market st.. room 801, eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LIST.
LODGING-HOUSE; rood corner; 'ICO sunny
rooms; newly furnished; rent reasonable:
clears $300 per month: owner going out of
business; no agents. Box 4553. Call offlce.
FOR sale — One of the best lodging-houses
In Oakland: 135 rooms; full all thetime:
long lease; low rent; a good business propo-
sltlon. Box 3395. Call offlce.
FOR sale — A lodging-house of eight rooms;
full room*, four of which can be made to
pay more than rent; will sell reasonable.
Box 3496. Call office.
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3354
Room 433 James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
NICE rooming-house: 33 rooms; take smail
house part payment. Box 4367. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — A lodging-house of about J5 rooms;
will pay cash ; no agents. Box 3COI. Call.
BOAItDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
YOUNG couple would like to board little girl
about 12 years of age; best of care; $15 per
' month. 71 Cumberland st. ; call afternoon.
WILL give little girl of from 2 to 6 years
mother's care; near school. 4261 Twenty-
fourth st.
CONTRACTORS.
PAINTING, papering, tinting done very rea-
sonably now by day or Job; phone West 2397.
1429 Laguna st.
CHIROPODISTS.
DRS. JONES AND YOUNG,
SURGEON CHIROPODISTS.
Latest methods, electric and massage; treat
feet $1, at your residence or 118 Stockton st-
dentists.
£^ie^le"r^pa7n"less'Tde7?tal~company"
Perfect, painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Fudd Bet of teeth. $2; silver fillings. 25c; gold
nilings. $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market tt.. corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charce for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over lika new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F-; painless extraction,
tOc. New York Dentists. Bfl> Mission. cor.Bth.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2. no
pain: op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.lOlH Grant ay.
D R ESS MAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUCCESS! . SUCCESS! SUCCESS:
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School always successful because we teach
the best system of cutting, the best course In
. millinery . and cut perf ect-flttlng patterns.
Special rates to pupils the Srst week of Jan.
Enter now for good . paying positions; eve
classes. Donoho# bldg.. Market and Taylor.
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst pleating; em-
broidery, hemstitching, tucking; buttons and
button holes made at Stewart" a Lining and
Trimming Store. 14-18 Taylor «C; phone
East 4535. t £ \
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve, class; patterns. cut. 1100 Market st.
- : v-ri cc _ | 0 1^ECTlON::_ OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or \u25a0. country, i Pacific > Collection Co., 413
-Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10.*, Tel. Main SSSO.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
NO high-priced, painless (?) treatments to
cure - Rupture: simply wear. .. Dr Plerc«'s
Truss, • and 'it will <do the work!* Seld .10
i years; thousands cured. Call or addreas
.ELECTRIC TRUSS CO.. 200 Kearny st~
\u25a0_^ rr _ M c Jt A,SITJ?XA^?-st'«A ,SlTJ?X A^?-5t'«- :
AA— PROF. NIBLO. „„_
ALWAYS CONSULT THE BEST. .
ASTRAL DEAD TRANCE CLAI-BA OTANX,
SPECIAL THI3 WEEK.
MY |5 COMPLETE UFEt READINGS, »X.
.$1 LOW FEE II „„
» 411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.^^ 1
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHES
READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDOB. .
I DO HERESY SOLEMNLY AGREE AND
GUARANTEE to make no charge if I t all to
call you by name in full, names of your-
friends enemies or rivals. I promise tot eu
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart i*
true or false; tell you how to win th« lov»
of the one you most desire. «v«n thougn,
miles away; how to succeed In bu3in*s».
speculation, lawsuits: how to marry the en»
of your choice: how to regain youta. Health
and vitality. Removes evil Influences, cure*
drink habit, locates treasures. cur«» all »*r-
vous dlsea»J9.
How can I have good luck? _
How can I succeed In business.
How can I make my home happy?
How can I conquer my enemies.
How can I marry the one I chooser
.How can I marry well?
How can I conquer my rival 7
How can I maka any ona love m»I
How can I get a good position.
How can I remove bad Influences?
How can I control any one. ,
How mako distant ones think of m»T
How can I hold my husband s love.
How can I keep my wife's love ? _
HOURS. 10 TO 8. DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently Located in H!s Own Home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
When Others Fall
Consult
P-R-O-F. H. K-H-I-R-O-N.
The Eminent Clairvoyant. Seer and Healer-
SPECIAL OFFER. THIS WEEK ONLY.
Low T>e. _.. ,
60c— 50c— 50c Fifty cents 50c— 500— 500 J
Would you know the future clear as crystal.
see Khlron. Tells Just what annoys, per-
plexes, worries y.ou; tells what your wish la.
halps you to gain it; makes you happy; gives
names, dates, facts of marrlag*. love, law.
money, changes: all without you speaking a
word, or No Charge Made.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. It to \u25a0*.
KHIRCN— II22-Market st.-1122— KHIRON.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant crystal seer, can b* consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarante«s an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past: gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you oh Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
Kivas tbe secret how to control, charm, fas-
clnaw the one you love; reading. $1; hour*
10-3 p. m.; French. German. English spoken.
ISMAR
THE EGYPTIAN CLAIHVOYANT AND
• PALMIST.
Permanently located at 1104 Market st.,
rooms 0 and 10. ccr. Turk (Vendome); pri-
vate readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ;
\u25a0"> questions answered. $1; full life, $3- t
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant In San Francisco. Re-
opened at The Health, 312 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 5. Readings by mall. $2.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm..
haa second sight: a wonderful prophetess: L.,
60c; G.. $1. ior.s Fillmore. cr. McAllister.
MMB. KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me: goot*
reading 25c; no sign. 102^ 6th. nr. Mission.
MISS MELBOURNE, clairvoyant, crystal seer-
ess and psychometrlat; convincing; proofs:
startling revelations: read. 50c. 1223 Market.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant and card reader.
names dates, facts: 25c. 235 Larkln: no sign.
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a pen
picture of your lite. H. HILL. 120 Sutter st.
MRS. SHAFFER, permanently located at 558
Stevenson St.: hours 9 to 0: open Sundays.
S PIRITUAXISM.
A— GRAND seance to-night; tests to all; read-
Ings daily. LELA. "The Wonder," 32t5A
Ellis st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
Ufe reader. 1208 Market, r. 10. Gait Kou3«.
MRS. CRINDLE— Materializing seance Sunday
evening. 32S Ellis St.: spirit photo* daily.
MRS. HUBBARD.. 109 Oak st.. spiritual me-
dlum; consultation dally; ladles. 50c.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, haa
no equal In city. 110 Sixth 3t.. room 8.
MRS. LESTEB/S circles 3 p. m.. except Thurs..
10c; read, dally: mines a specialty, fto Sixth.
HYPNOTISM.
NERVOUS, mental ills, habits cured; no drugs.
DE LAUFF. magnetlst. 773 Eddy St.. 773.
CAR PETV BEATING^A3TD^jC IEA3J J> T G .
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
•Ir at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company. 208 Market
St.; phone Main 152 and Bush 47i>. •
WHEN you become disgusted with your work.
Sfnd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpe* Cleaning- Works. 13C9 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
propri«tor. 229 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Stttter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet beating works: prlcos
rfascnable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel.Mlsslon 2K3.
tAUyPRIES.
JAPANESE laundry and dry cleaning work.
2122 Flllmcre St.; t-I. Geary 2053.
ED UCATIONAL.
A CHANCE for *T«ry young man to improv*
Intellectually; brains v money; you may in-
crease your salary by increasing your earn-
ing power; the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation conducts the most complete system
of nicht schools In the country; 32.0C0 stJ-
dent3 enrolled; San Francisco Association
building, NE. cor. Mason and Ellis sts.. of-
fers exceptional faculties tor a business and
commercial education; if you have only ca-*
hour a day to devote to study, give us a
chance to help you; every branch taught
from the fifth grade to preparation for th*
university; business course a specialty; the
day classes are open to all men; the night
classes are a great convenience. Rolla V.
Watt, president; H. J. McCoy, general secre-
tary. Send for descriptive catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Director of Education. AssocU-
tlcn building. \u25a0 '
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you; day.
evening session; references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan tallding.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 933 Market,
conducted by Robert F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will maka
you so; shorthand, typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good position should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Buslaess Col-
lege. 738 Mission st.
HF.ALD-S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1563; largest In the West: annual
enrollment 1000; send for circular.
DANCING both adult and children's classes.'
now open at Hinman's School cf Dancing.
1412 Polk it., nr. California; phona East 2120.
HEALD*S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post at., S. F. ;civll, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus-.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec. mln.. mech.. sur .
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve; est. 1564. Vaa
der Naillen School. 113 FuTton. nr. City Ha.it.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math., etc.. day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bu.". Col.
LEARN retouching; high salaries paid and
flrst-clasa retouchers always la demand.
Studio. 542 Sutter st.. room 305.
PRIVATE lessons In telegraphy by an expe-
rienced teacher; rapid success assured. 216
Scott st.
A— METROPOLITAN-Californla-Studenta Join-
«d. Business. Stenographic. »25 Golden Gate.
PIANO, violin, vocal lessons; terms reasonable.
Room SCO. Mulrhead building.
STRICTLY private lessons in shorthand, book-
keeplng. writing and English. Bo* 4853. Call.
IRVING Institute, school for girls. 2128 Cal. St.
Easter term begins Monday. Jan. 7. 190&
A special class preparatory to teachers' exam-
lnatlons or State nor, schls. 3.T3 Phelan bldg.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINOTON'S, 424 Pine at.— Night clauses.
EMJPLOYME^ OFFICES. \
OLDEST, largest Japanese-Chinese employment
office furnishes best help promptly. GEO.
BAKAUYE, successor O»o- Aokl. removed to
82» Mason from 421 Post: tel. East 559.
AN up-to-date Japanese-Chinese emp. ' office;
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post St.: tel. James 601.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton at.; tel. Bush 859.
JAPANESE help supplied: reliable; all purposes.
B. K. SUGUIRA. '4OB Post; phone Main 3301.
AN old estab. (ISSOV Chinese emp. cfflctt. C.
CHOXG'S. removed to 518 Pine: teL Grant 13<i
H. W. HONG. 1113 A Clay St.; Chinese •mploy-
ment office; best help. Tel. East 420.jfrfch»LOV"MEXT OFFlCES— Contlnoe-A.
rr-'uT Employment Office — Reliable Japa&eee
.•jjted Chinese help furoiehed with care. W.
-KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; teL Mala 1781.
Flrseet Japanese help; house-cleaning specialty;
Ck-o. R. Kunlabe. 543 Mason; tel. James 8251.
CHtKESS and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO., 640 Clay.
:.M'AXEEC Chinese he!p of all kinds furnish.
'.; house -cleaning. 70S Taylor; James 7630.
:;'iJABI>E Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
..(\u25a0«\u25a0; nil Mr. -If help. 815 Stockton. Main EISS.
X <. l-I.OYMKNT WANTED — FE3IAJLE.
:'»KST-CX»ASS German cook, competent In all
i ranches, help* cut ia private families; $3
i*er cay. ?t& Per week; srteady position only
..here kitchen inaifi is kept. $50 per month.
IbiaH Lyon «.
\u25a0ING woman, understands Gernmn, would
like position in private family to do sew-
lr* cr making herself generally useful, or
old *orlt in institution. Address MISS L.
TINE, SOl9 Point Lobos aye.
KM AN lady, who Is first -class cock, would
. ke r-ace In American family; wages $30
r Jw j*r rconth; no objection to country.
:;ress Bt. Margaret Home. 1205 Gough st
: :::.^MAKnR who 1? artiEtio in designing
v Bid like a few engagements at $2 CO per
Cay; work guaranteed to b« satisfactory.
:;-.one Church 6427 SLtter 6:30 p. m.
: I"SEKFJ2PER — Situaticn as housekeeper by
: -fizi«f<i. competent middle-aged lady; good
\u25a0 -:< :«-:ice*; call Sunday cr Monday. 28
S^v^r.th st.. room 17.
x . • t'NG la£y, 24 years of age, competent and
r- liable, would like rlace es housekeeper.
Address or call €1 Valley st., between Twen-
y-eighth ar.d Twenty-ninth.
fgTZLIABUB French girl, speaking but little
KW -•iglish, would like ilace as second girl.
fVail or address 1223 Stockton et, between
'.'acific and Bread way.
\u25a0VNG woir-an. strong and willing, would like
place to do hourewcrk; has baby, ar.d will
aork for Err.ali wages; good references. Call i
Sixth st. j
ICXQ O?rrr.an woman wants position to <Jo
•»«r.eral housework: le a good plain oook.
r w:U <!o ar.y kind of work; deep at home.
iir^ES or call 427 Chestnut St.
VNG wonts with a child would like a
j :ace to do plain housekeeping; would pre-
:cr country. Address 1279 Florida st., near ',
"wt-ty-fifth.
.\'EAT young woman, reliable and competent, i
experieactd In hotel work, would like ,posl-
lior. as housekeeper; either city or country.
Phone Blue 250 or address 2039 Mission St.
YOUNG Swedish woman who is a first-ciaes
laundress would like wcrk bk the day: will '
<Io craning ; has good reference*. Address
ISS7 Vallejo gt.
COMPETENT ar.d reliable dressmaker will
*ro out by the day; guarantees perfect fit and
up to date styles; $2 per day; references, i
Address SlO Haight st
COMPETENT woxbu would like positloa as
working ho'jsek*eper in hotel; has no ob-
jection to country. Addrees Housekeeper.
1255 Market Et.
NEAT young woman who is first-class laun-
dress, or vill fio sweeping. <se*ir<?s wo* by
the day. $1 50; good references. Call or
aiiress 4£2 Minna et. '
COMPETENT dressmaker en taller- made cult*
or evening gows. private families, $2 30 per
day. SIRS HART, ir-Otfij Broadway, cr !
pbon<» East 63SS. |
YOUNG woman and mother want positions as J
housekeeper for middW-aged or elderly gen- [
t'.esan; country preferred. Call or address i
m C 96 Haight St.: rhone Page 3135.
/RENCH lady wou'.d like a place to do any
kind of work in a private family. Call 3
Chatham pace. off Bush «t., above Dupont
EU3UABUX steady g'.r!. who has had long
experience in delicatessen store and bakery,
would like Fteaiy r-^itirn. Call or address
626 Hayes *t., rear Lepuna.
TELIABLE. f.rst-class hotel clerk wishes
jTIECt; epecialty. meat? and entrees; best of
references given; country place preferable.
Across P. O. box 477, Fruitvale
COMPETENT won-.an wou'.d like washing and
ironing by the day or would do any kind of
housework. Address 111 Ninth st., cr phone
Howard i:r.36.
GOOD woman cook, wfco is first class, would
like place- in hotel or boarding-house. Ad-
dress room 31S James Flood building.
WOMAN w&r.ts wcrk by the day, week or
month of ar.y kind; best oT references. Box
4*^2. Call office.
WANTED— Position as infant's nurse by a
tharou£t>ly experienced English woman; city
references. Write or call at 12S'i rm aye.
AN experienced woman wants washing and
!:oum— cleaning; $1 si> per day; references.
i:.'-:;n Turk n.
GIRL wants position for general housework In
Oakland or Berkeley. Call Sunday et 565
Forty-filth ft., Oakland.
PIRST-CLASS cook (Danish) would lik^ a
position as working housekeeper. Address
MI^S KRISTIANSKN. S7 Thiixl et.
STRICTLY Srst-e'a** drcpFmaker, up to date
on all latest designs will go out by cay.
Phone East 8C53.
YOUNG woman would like day wcrk. house-
cleanirLg and washing. $1 50 p«r day and car
?B.rt. Phone Waller SS.
COMPETENT young- French lady deeires posi-
tion in private family to do general house-
work.- Call or address 6L3 Mission et
YOUNG giri wUiu* place to &o general house-
JL work or cooking. Ad<lreBB 1415 Twenty-first
aye.. East Oakland.
<"OMPETENT young German girl would like
place to do central housework. Call 428
Third *t.
GOOD young rirl would like place to assist
wUh !:ght housework; good home and small
v. apes. Adcn^a A. H.-. 514 Eddy st. i
COMPETENT, trustworthy woman would like
jvucitlon in small restaurant as assistant in
kitchen. Call 1054 Howard st.
YOVNX3 woman would like housecleanlng or
washirg by the day, fl 60. Apply or ad-
dress SCT Mte?lon st.. near Fifth.
COMPETENT' young lady would like position
as bookkeeper or cashier; ha* best of ref-
erence*; email salry. Address room 222.
Parrott builflicg.
<"<'iiFETENT woman would like work by the
day -washing or housecleaning. Phone
iSorttccmtrr 11E2 cr call 418 Post st.
YOL'NG Swedish girl would like a position to
assist or do hou«ework in an American fam-
ily. AppJy J74& Kyde et.. corner Vallejo.
GCKMAN lady, middle-aged, would like po-
sition to do lipht housework. Call 2 Cbat-
ham place. oO Bu*h st.. below Stockton.
NICE young Japanese girl would like place
§to do reneral housework in email family.
Phone Howard 2537. or call 455 Jessie st
COMPETENT young woman would like place
tv» do housework or mashing or cleaning by
th« <Say. Aflflrws 815 Linden aye.
r.nLIABLE German girl would like position
in «mall family to do general housework.
Agdrese 1111 Sutter Et.
MIDDLE-AGED French lady would like po-
sition in small family to do plain cooking.
Addrtes M.. SC7 Pine gt
w YOUNG girl would like place to d 0d 0 plain"
cooking or general housework; wages $20 to
$25 per month. Address E. M.. 136 Sixth et.
GOOD reliable woman wishes housework, Iron-
ing or washing by the day. Call or address
s:s*6 Jtesle «t.
\\ OMAN who is good cook would like posi-
tion as housekeeper with email family. Ap-
ply lIRS^
GO<~>D German woman would like work by the
Cay housedeaning or washing cr Ironing.
At>Dly 120 Sixth et.
YOUNG French lady desires position to do
reneral housework In private family. Call
'JI3 Mission st
FIRST-CLASS, competent dressmaker would
!:ke work in private families, $2 per day;
F&tisfactlon guaranteed. Address 120 Jcnes.
.N'ORtVEXUAN woman would like work by the
day washing: will do nousecleaning or plain
Ironing. Address fiO»la Grove et.
STENOGRAPHER aad typizt. competent awl j
accurate, desires reliable position.' Box 4834,
Call ofSce.
LADY mill co out by the day sewing; Is neat
hnd quick. Phone Scott 3415.
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook
wishes a position. Call 1558 Poik gt
eJTUATION as cook In «, private family. 1814
Mission st.
WANTED— By reliable person, washing half
days. Pl'&f-o cjlll 2275 Harrison st
A YOUNG girl would like to assist In house-
work. • Call at &C 7 Florida st
A REFINED and cultured la£y who has had
long experience in the care and management
of private boarding and apartment bousea
is cceklns an engegement as manager of
\u25a0cmt first-class apartment-bouse; U a careful
*_ \u25a0 -- -'\u25a0 •uccessful manager; references 7 ex-
W~ •uiGged. For Interview address MRS. A. T.,
1223 Geary st. ,*.
\u25a0\u25a0,\u25a0:': ilAN woman wbo is fine sewer or would
r-rv* as narlor m*id or waitress or would
Co «+araber* r ork or sewing, desires position
In good family. Phone Main 5332.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wbo is a good cook and
Uur.£r**e desires positloa. Address or call
27S Xlntb st
E3IPLOYME.VT WAJfTED-PemsJe-Oon
A STRICTLY reliable and competent young
•a lnvalldj has beat of references. Call or
address 70S Ellis st. or phone East 9018.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, thoroughly compe-
tent would like positloa to do light house-
work and cooking; wages $18 to $20 «nd car-
tare. Call or address 927 Washington st
•A-^JTOX'NG and refined German lady, lately
from the East, desires a position as a house-
Sga country - CaU or
AN expert lady stenographer aad typist, accu-
rate and rapid, desires either a temporary or
£Th"? eLT^. , Addre " p - °- »" 73 *-
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of housework or washing and ironing by the
r*r A , ddresl m Nlath «-. of PBone How-
ara
T^HM? woman, thoroughly competent, wishes
position to take care cf sick or an invalid;
will work by day or week; best of references.
Address 1 05 Ellis st. or phone East C5lB.
A BTRICTLY reliable colored girl would like
a position as lady's maid, cr would do light
chamberwork or housework: no washing.
Phone East 0301.
AM elderly lady would like a place In the
country where she could assist with light
housework; «rraU wages. Address MRS. M..
822 Rltch st
MIDDLE-AGED woman who is good cook and
thorough housekeeper would like a position
in a small family cf adults. Call at 859
st l^ii' '
A COMPETENT and willing young woman
would like work in private houses, either
washing cr cleaning. Addrees or call 815
Linden aye.
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like place
In city where «he could learn any kind of
work; is willing. 417 Jones st; phone East
AN exoerienced fashionable dressmaker
(French > would like work at home cr in pri-
vate families; very best of references. Ad-
dress 1253 Turk street.
A GOOD end strictly reliable middle-aged wo-
man desires position to do general house-
work. Call cr address 1110 Powell st. near
Washington. \u25a0
AN experienced dressmaker on evening gowns
or «tre-"t habits would like engagements for
this month. Pncne East 9052.
YOUNG woman would like dace to do down-
stairs work or cooking where assistant Is
kept. Call or address 703 Stockton st.
COMPETENT reliable woman would like plac^
to cook for men or keep house; has good
references. Call at 974 A Howard st.
- A GOOD woman would like place to do house-
work or washlne: and Ironing by the day.
Phone Howard 2530. or call 111 Ninth st.
I A SKILLFUL first-class dressmaker on ex-
clusive designs -would ilka a few more
patrons. Phone East SCS3. -,-\u25a0\u25a0
A MIDDLE-AGKD lady who Is strictly re-
ltabla and competent would like a place as
housekeeper. Call or address 19 Powejl st
LADY who is strong and willing wishes posi-
tion to do cooking or general housework in a
nice family. Address S5O Market st, rm. 14.
I YOUNG woman would like to do work by the
day in private houses or rooming houses.
Address cr call IGI Seventh st
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position in
gool American family, or will assist where
extra help is needed. Address L.. 1505 Polk.
A GOOD Japanese girl would like position to
do general housework in private family. Call
IPIG Howard st; phone Church 3060.
LADY who is neat and quick sewer desires
sewing by the day. Phone Scott 3415.
JAPANESE girl wants a position as school
girl. OOAWA. 2Ci23 Pine et
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AS attendant ar.d companion to invalid, chronic
or mental salient by competent and reliable
man under middle age; good education and
thorough training and experience as nurse
and masseur; references; terms moderate.
Address box 4571, CalL
A TRUSTWORTHY, married, middle-aged Ger-
man-Swiss, faithful worker, wishes place on
an orchard or ranch work, or charge of place;
experienced Jn farming and dairying; handy
with tools. Address A. 8., 1303 Stockton st.,
San Francisco.
MIDDLE-AGED, reliable man, not very strong,
but with tact and business ability, experi-
ence as salesman and advertiser, wishes
light, honorable employment of some kind;
moderate wages; references given. Box 4553
Cail office.
YOUNG Danish man and wife would like posi-
tions to take care of place in country; thor-
oughly understands care of horses, ranch or
garden work. Addresa or call oa WILLIAM
IVESTERGARD. IC4 Tenth gt.
INDUSTRIOUS, reliable German deEires situa-
tion, private residence, summer resort, care
horses, buggies, lawn, flowers, vegetables;
handy, useiul, obliging; city or country. Box
4M7. Call office.
BAKER'S helper, experienced, willing worker,
wants Job, cakes or bread. In shop with boss
who will cive him chance to learn. Box
4&C9. Call.
FIKST-CLASS. reliable bookkeeper (33) wants
position; familiar with all office work; 8
years in one place; best references. Box
4549. Call office.
j FIRST-CLASS baker wanted for good city po-
sition; also 2 waiters for steady positions.
Room 31S James Flood building; open to-day
and Monday.
YOUNG colored man, with experience on ele-
vators, or any kind of porter work, is de-
rlrous of obtaining employment; understands
oil burning heaters. Addrees 1240 Bush gt.
AN experienced crockery and glassware pack-
er would like steady position; is married,
reliable and trustworthy; has good refer-
ences. Addrees. F. A. L., 433 Hayes et.
BAKER with 20 years' experience on bread
and rake would like position either In city
or cou&try; l« strictly reliable. Address J, H.
NOON, (general delivery, city.
SOBER, intelligent Industrious man would
like position as porter in wholesale house, or
will io any kind of work. Addrees H.
BLACK. 30 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS all-round cock would like place
in boarding-house or hotel, or would cook
for cairp or m'aes; is good baker. Address
O. W.. 109 Vt r-jventh Bt.
A GROCERY clerk, with large experience In
gcnercl merchandise stores, wishes a situa-
tion; '\u25a0 will give beet of references. Address
Clerk. 938 Larkin st
A FIRST-CLASS carpenter would like work
by the day repairing, jobbing or doing In-
side work. Address or call J. DEAN, 702
Harrison st.
JAPANESE Christian boy wishes place as
schoolboy, or will do any kind of work, either
in city or country. Addrees G. MORY, 121
Haight st.
COLORED janitor wishes position eteady or
cleaning after office hours. 33 John St.,
Dennis.
A YOUNG man with best of references would
like clerkship In come real estate office; will
give faithful service. Phone James 1426.
EXPERIENCED German house-cleaner wants
house and window cleaning. A. POHLSEN,
70G Van Ness aye..
A GOOD Japanese cook would like position,
or will do housework. Address F. X., 1006
Leavenworth st, or phone East 164-t.
A MECHANICAL draughtsman, who has had
2 years' course in civil engineering, would
like a position. 5 Address 252 Turk Bt
AN experienced man of good address and ap-
pearance wishes a. position in a wholesale
or retail house. Address or inquire 1315
Ellis st .
YOUNG Japanese boy. speaking English good,
would like position as schoolboy. Address
GEOP.GE, 22 Prospect place.
AN energetic young man would like position
with artist or in photographic studio. Ad-
drc*s C. V. X.. 2027 Fifteenth st
AN elevator boy with experience on electric
elevators would like poeitlon. Address 408
Stockton gt .
JAPANESE would like work housecleaning
Mondays or Fridays. Addrees FRANK
NAKA. 616 Central aye.; phone Geary 4461.
A FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk would like po-
sition; is competent and reliable. Phone
East 4263. -j \u25a0
STEADY, sober man who is good took deetrns
place- in small restaurant or hotel." - Address
3. W. DUNN, 179 Third st.
AN engineer of 7 years' experience on sta-
tionary englr.es would Hke position in city.
Address E. T.. 3324 Seventeenth st
YOUNG Japanese boy would like place to do
general housework or wait at table. Phone
East 3615, or address 417 Jones st.
BRIGHT mlddle-ased maa seeks a position of
any kind. Box 4828. Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants situation as night
watchman; references. Address I. 8.. 206 3d.
A STUDENT wishes work any time except
from Btolo a- ro. Box 4866, Call.
YOUNG man. aged 24. with three years' exx-
perier.ee in the hardware business, wishes
position as stock clerk or filling orders or
selling e^oods; city or country; reference.
.Box 4827. Call office.
GERMAN-AMERICAN wants a position as
city salesman for wholesale liquor house; can
. Xarni*!i toed cltr reference Box iB3L, Call,
\u25a0HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .DECEMBER '31, 1905.
BMPLOYMEJrT WANTED— MAMS— Con
A MIDDLE-AGED man of sterling habits, re-
liable, honest and sober, desires engagement
for coming. year as salesman or collector with
a first-class furniture house; baa had 7.
years' experience in the furniture business.
Address WM. STONE, general delivery, city.
"WANTED — Management of orchard, vineyard
or stock ranch by a reliable man with 14
years' exserience aa foreman and superin-
tendent In California; best references. Box
4816. Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS young bookkeeper, Al refer-
ences, desires position in city or country;
good correspondent and can use typewriter.
Box 4819. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS young man wants work of any
kind; reasonable wages. Box 5835, Call.
AS attendant to elderly gentleman, invalid or
chronic patient; anywhere now or later, by
responsible man of 40; best qualifications and
first-class training and experience as nurse
and masseur; country place with outdoor
work and life preferred; best references. Ad-
flresg J. JAMES. Ban Mateo. Cal.
YOUNG man thoroughly experienced with,
chickens and Incubators desires position on
a poultry ranch. J. GORDON, Seal Cove,
Halfmoon Bay, Cal. \u0084
GENTLEMAN recently from the Bast would
like position with real estate firm; experi-
enced solicitor and salesman; partnership
preferred. Box 2544. Call office. .
EXPERT accountant bookkeeper and system-
atlzer; competent to manage any business;
now open for engagement Box 2842, Call.
YOUNG gardener wants position, either com-
mercial or private; local references. Box
4536. Call office.
WANTED — Position In branch bakery, delica-
tessen or similar business, where there is an
opportunity to learn tha business; small
wages. Box 3935. Call.
FIRST-CLASS young bookkeeper. Al refer-
ences desires position in city or country;
good " correspondent and can use typewriter.
Box 4819. Call. '
A BOY 13 years of age would like a place
In the country, where he could work for his
board and go to school; please address 1018
Kansas st, San Francisco.
AN experienced cutter on men's tailoring de-
sires a poeitlon in either city or country: has
first-class references. Call or address
TAILOR. 21 Powell St.. room 29.
SITUATION wanted; coachman, Scandinavian,
with high class references, single, sober,
willing and reliable; 5 years laet place. Box
5934. Call office.
WANTED — Job on small dairy milking from
10 to 25 cows and general farmhand or but-
ter-making creamery; experienced; refer-
ences. Box 4813, Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY gentleman, aged 30 years,
would like position with business firm as
clerk or collector; will cheerfully furni3h
bonde. Address R. L. D., 0 Monroe st.
ELEVATOR man with city references wishes
situation in apartment-house; is employed in
hotel now. Box 4842, Call office.
YOUNG man. aged 23 years, residing with
parents, desires position as clerk or assist-
ant; wholesale house preferred; is a willing,
faithful worker and would give employer his
best efforts: good references if desired. Ad-
dresa "H. P.." 1616 A Turk et
A MIDDLE-AGED man, married, thoroughly
familiar with all branches of ranch or or-
chard work, would like position to take
care of place; is handy with tools. Address
L. COFFEE. 202 Guerrero st.
MAN thoroughly experienced In all kinds of
agriculture, stock raiting, irrigation or grad-
ing land desires situation aa superintendent;
has best of references. Address F. M.
BEEBE, 475 Thirty-eighth st, Oakland.
A SOBER and industrious Dane. 40 years of
age, desires housecleaning and Janitor work;
good references. Apply or address 1620
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — A situation in a creamery by a
Canadian butter and cheese maker. Box
4637. Call office. \u25a0
YOUNG man desires situation as groom, sin-
gle-handed; best Eastern references. Ap-
ply 2SS Connecticut st.
COACHMAN or stableman by eliierly English-
man; good references. E. T., 3551 Sacra-
mento st.
.YOUNG man speaking several languages and
of good address and appearance Is anxious to
obtain a position. Address G. A., 553 Steiner.
FIRST-CLASS steam and gas fitter would like
position; no objection \o country place.
Phone Ea6t 4481.
A GOOD bartender would like city position;-
can give food references. Address D. U.,
1402 POlk tt.
INDUSTRIOUS young man wants work of any
kind ; reasonable wages. Box 3035, Call.
JAPANESE couple want situation in a private
family; man as first-class fancy cook, expe-
rience 15 years; wife, housework and wait;
references. M. SHIRA, 4C5 Jessie at, San
Francisco; tel. Mint 591.
YOUNG Japanese of experience wishes position
as schoolboy or housework; wages can bn
email; good place more desired; speaks good
English. Address 715 Sacramento St., or
phone Black IS7I.
JAPANESE boy who speaks good English
desires position to do general housework.
. Address JOE YAMA, 703 Larkin st, or phone
East 5770.
JAPANESE, first-class cook and also a fine
waiter, is desirous of obtaining a situation
In city. Address A. MATSUO. 315 Stockton
st.. or phone Main 51S8.
A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy wiehea posi-
tion as school boy In small family. Call or
address R. X., 442 Devl&adero st; phone
Page 2109,
FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
where he could work mornings until 10
o'clock. Address or call T. IKEDA. 1207
Bush st.
JAPANESE boy, speaking good Engllsb, would
like position to do housework or act as hall-
boy. Address J. YAMA, 703 Larkin st.
AN honest Japanese boy would like work of
any kind to do after 4 p. m. dally. Ad-
drees S. S., 620 Laguna st, city.
A FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like. place
to do plain cooking or general housework.
Address M.. 021% O'Farrell.
A JAPANESE who Is fine cook and has best
of references -wishes position as school boy.
Address HARRY TAKETA. 25SA O'Farrell.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
in a nice family. B. YAMAGATA. Delta pi.
JAPANESE boy desires a position as house-
work or waiter. TANAKA, 1348 California.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy would like place
where he could b<» useful. Phone East 2442.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. Address T. H., 1329 Pine st
A CHINESE, experienced cook, wishes position
hotel, boarding-house, restaurant or family;
meat and pastry cook; good references.
CHAN WILL, 1113 Clay st, upstairs.
CHINESE, a good family cook with experi-
ence, wants piace; city or country; best ref-
erences. Call or write to 721 Stockton st ;
phone Montgomery 1C56.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook would like place
with nice family; wages from $50 to $60 per
month. Address C. LEE. PO6 Clay st.
exchange:.
$9000 — Fine stock and grain ranch; 227 acres,
near, Napa; plenty of water and wood; 12-
room house; family orchard: C 2 head cattle;
3 horses; harness; wagon; buggies; all farm
tools and barn full of hay; will exchange
for city property. 232 Montgomery st
FOR TRADE— I have high grade patentable
idea but no means to handle same; will
trade for any kind of personal property or
real estate; no agents. Box 4864, Call office.
FIXAACIAI*;
BONDS In the Turlock-Moaesto irrigation dis-
tricts bearing 5 per cent, payable seml-an-
nually — January I and July 1. Coupons of
the former representing $10 and of the latter
$12 50. These bonds run for 40 -years, from
January. 1902, but redemption begins Janu-
ary 1, 1322, co that one investing in the same
will have undisturbed enjoyment of a fixed
Income till 1922 at least, and in some ln-
- etances for a much longer time.
We have in California no safer, surer or
more permanent Investment than these bonds
at par. viz: $400 each for the Turlock, $500
Tor the Modesto, with all of the property of
the respective districts responsible for the
payment cf the bonde. An assessed . valua-
tion of over $7,000,C00 to cover an issue of
$2,500,000 bonds, while the property of the
district U enhancing In value rapidly . year
by year, om-ing to largely Increasing popula-
tion by immigration. I have customers who
have sold their Government : bonds, for which
they paid a premium, giving these a prefer-
ence at par. ' ' '
W. E. BARNARD.
' 476 Tenth st, Oakland.
FUTS TO LET. ,
LITHGOW Apartments. Sutter st. between
Fillmore and Steiner, containing 4 • rooms
and bath; thoroughly ' modern and up to
date; halls lighted and carpeted; each • flat
has separate hall : Janitor hall i service free.
Apply SAGE, DEALEY St' CO., 633 Market
st, opposite Palace Hotel.
GAINSBOROUGH apartments. Pacific aye.. be-
tween Broderick and Baker sts., containing
'4 flats of 5 rooms and -hath; servants and
storage room;- halls lighted and carpeted;
janitor service, etc. Apply SAGE DEALEY
& CO.. 638 Market st .
BIRCH aye.. 223. off Van Ness, near Grove
Desirable Hat; 4 rooms; 'rent cheap. " • \u25a0
CASTRO. 746 — t.orß room flat;: newly tinted
and decorated; modern r imps. ; reasonable, '.-
FUTS TO LET — Conttnned.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST '" OF HOUSES,
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; car
renting department Is free to all; we can find
you a home in 'any part of the- city: ask for.
no payment other than your good will; wa do
not ask you to buy or even lock at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 246-238 Geary
st (on the square.) ,
WE will find you a house or flat AT ONCE in
any part of the city through our up-to-date
renting department and it is absolutely free.
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO., 338-342
Post et. - ; • .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
PINE. 2554, near Pierce^ — Modern, sunny up-
per flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35. YON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE- CO., 613 Call-
- f ornla st -
CLAY, 2421., near Fillmore — Upper flat: S sun-
• ny rooms; modern improvement, storeroom
and yard; no children; rent $14. .' \u25a0
SANCHEZ. NW. corner Elizabeth, near 24th—
New upper flat; tt rooms, bath; sun all day;
all modern improvements; $25. ,
ALMOST new upper 5-room flat; sun and light
in each room; rent very low If rented before
the first of the year. ' 1455 Broderick st
BRODERICK. '143, near Haight— Modern B-
rbom flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc.; owl cars; rent reasonable.
MONTCALM. 804, Mission— Sunny, modern,
• new B-room flat; rent $14. Inquire 19S& Geary
$22 60 — FLAT, six large rooms, bath; fine lo-
cation. 203 Dubocfe (Thirteenth) st, near
Market
NEW sunny upper flat; everything modern; 5
rooms and bath; $19. 2974 23d, nr.Harrison.
.FOR rent — Sunny flat, five rooms and bath;
good location; $20. 1700% Eddy st.
NICE sunny 4 rooms; rent $12; electric lights
If wanted. 520 Sixth. .
CALIFORNIA. 2107 — New, modern upper flats;
8 rooms and bath. .
HICKORY aye.. 343-345 — Flats, upper and
lower; 4 and 5 rooms and bath. «
A MONTH free; new 4-room flats, $25; Janitor
service; sunny, 2207 Hayes St., nr. G. G. Pk.
MCALLISTER, 10£4 — New, modern, sunny up-
per flat; 5 rooms, bath; key at .premises.
HAIGHT, 917, near Devisadsro — Modern upper,
sunny 7-room flat; electric lights, etc. .
20TH-ETREKA— 2 modern sunny flats: 5 rms.
each; rents cheap. Apply 302 Eureka.
NEATLY furnished sunny 4-room flat, garden,
$15. Apply 2529 Washington st.
FURNISHED, 5-room, sunny flat to let. 706
Ashbury st.
ELLIS, 1175 — Beautiful middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; very sunny; almost new.
NATOMA, 714, near Ninth — A flat of 4 sunny
rooms: large yard; rent $12 50.
NICE, eunny flat of 4 rooms; rent $12; electric
lights if wanted. 620 Sixth st.
$12 CO — 1 SUNNY rooms. 62 Ivy \u25a0 aye., near
Van Ness.
MISSION, 1513, near Eleventh— 6 rooms, bath,
yard and laundry; rent $22 50.
BUSH. 12S1-1237A— 2 flats; 3 rooms each; bath;
rent ?1S and $15 each. Apply 1223 Bush stl
$17 50— UPPER flat: 5 sunny rooms. 109 Page
St., between Goush and Octavia.
1433— Live rent free; 6- room flat,
with 4 attic rooms; can sublet each room; $25.
CENTRALLY located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 1002 Mason st. cor. Sacramento.
CENTRAL, modern, upper flat, 6 rooms, bath.
102tt Sacramento st. above Powell; moderate.
NOE st. 325, near Market — Modern lower flat.
6 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
FLATS TO LET — F.UItXISHED.
A NICELY furnished, sunny flat; 5 rooms and
bath; rent only $20; Geary cars pass door.
1307 Point Lobos aye., near Second aye.
HAVES. 17C9 — Four outside rooms: modern;
bath, laundry, gas, electricity; $25.
NEWLY furnished 6-room flat: piano; sewing
machine: reasonable. 1342 Haight st.
FLATS FOR SALE.
FLATS; 5 and 6 rooms; rant $42 50; Mission
warm belt; owner needs money in business-
bargain ; no agents. Address Box 100. 1008
Market St.
FLO'dUSTO LEASE.
LARGE light floor; electric elevator- excellent
location: low rent> KNOWLES CO.. 24 2d.
HELP 'WANTED— FEMALE.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for city place,
$35; a nurse for an infant, city references.'
$25; a cook and second girl, same" house, city.
$30 and $25; a waitress and parlor maid!
also a girl for chamberwork and sewing,
same family in city, $25 each; a cook in a
small family, Oakland, $40; a chambermaid
for a orivate family, no waiting on table,
city place. $30; a German cook for a German
family, $40.
MISS PLUNKETT,
____^ 428 Sutter st.. near Powell.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z In 1 mo. for $10; 7
positions to fill guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and eve, clasa. 234 Post, r. 17, 2d floor.
THE opportunity of your life; millinery taught
in first-class parlors; guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by- Jan. 25;
terms $20. 234 Post st. room 16. 2d floor.
LEARN hairdressing, facial massage, manicur-
ing, scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions wait.
ing; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
BOOKKEEPERS.cashIers. bill clerks.etc.l will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions in
30 days; private instruction by accountantipo-
sltlons secured. Address box 1730, Call office.
AA — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear. Apply 056 Mission at., third floor.
AA — OPERATORS wanted on tucking ma-
chine. Apply C 56 Mission st.. third floor.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladies' summer
wash skirts. Apply 65G Mission st, 3d. floor.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladie3' shirt
waists. US(J Mission st, third floor.
AA — IRONERS wanted. Apply 606 Mission
St.. third floor.
GIRLS 10 YEARS OF AGE. TO TIE AND
PACK SHIRTS." STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
TORY. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED— Competent and experienced girl for
eecond work in prlvaie family in Santa
• Barbara: permanent and very desirable posi-
tion; wages $25; references required. Ad-
dress, giving experience fully, also age
nationality and references, E. H., box 207,
Santa Barbara. '.
FINE-APPEARING woman. 25 to 40; must be
university or normal graduate and an excel-
lent correspondent; no other; large salary-
write very fully and explicitly. Box 4554,
' Call office.
LADY cashier wanted for good city restaurant
Inquire room 318 James Flood building. Have
places also for 2 good waitresses. Open to-
day and Monday. '
WANTED — Young, reliable girl for housework
and cooking for family of 2; wages; Inquire
between 9 end 12 m. 1042 Fell st
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply en
Saturday and Tuesday, between 9 and 11
a. m., at HALE BROS.' *
WANTED — Respectable woman who will assist
in household duties in exchange for room and
board; refs. P. O. box 184, Alameda.
WANTED — Girls tq wind yarn and work in
knitting mill; good wages. GANTNER &
MATTERN, CO., 607 Grove st. -.-
WANTED— Saleslady for paper flower depart-
ment; one who understands making paper
flowers. Apply PRAGERS, Market and Jones.
YOUNG girl \ to assist in general housework*
2 in family. Call 426 Lyon st.
10 EXPERIENCED girls to fold and stitch.
ED KNOWLES. 24 Second st. -
GOOD 'girl; '.good wages; general housework
303 Lee Bt. Oakland.
PLAIN bookkeeper and cashier for meat mar-
ket. . 1377 ' HaiKht st. . . \u0084
FOR Berkeley— Refined, companionable woman
care partial invalid, other light duties; com-
fortable home ; ' wages $20. ', Apply .12 FtoU
* st , room . 38. ; ' \u25a0 : -
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
I operating;; salary 1 while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. ra., 216 Bush st."
third 'floor. :. • -' -? .j ' " • «
WANTED— First-class Marcel wave hairdress-
er. Apply between U and 11 a. m. at HALE
SECOND girl wanted to > assist in . "general
j • housework . and . wait at table. Apply 1418
\u0084". Larkin st. ... -\u25a0\u25a0'.-•-- < \u25a0' "
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$20-$25. / 2353 Pacific ; aye. ; - call , Saturday
.morning. ..:%> \u25a0-•:.;. -. \u25a0/, .•-...-\u25a0\u25a0
APPRENTICE ;to learn operating: on. 1 pants
260 : Stevenson st.; . between > 3d : and : 4th. <
LADY wishing to learn bookkeeping: can have
--; office ' work as : Dart ' payment for tuition
,; Box 2865. Call. , \u25a0-'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0_. . \-:.,\ \u25a0'\u25a0*t-~~ ;...-.
WANTED— To employ a lady with good knowl-
: edge off music; salary;sBoo; references re-
quired. Box 3944, Call office.
BARBERS— Employment and "-nnlles.
BARBERS. Attention— Coleman's Exchange;
• city -and country barber shops - bought and
. sold. See COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
$200— 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near city;
- finely furnished, good business; a bargain sel-
dom offered. COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bid.
$1000 — 4-CHAIR barber shop, for sale; good lc-
catlon. COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops— Large variety of them; come
very good; also a number of chops in coun*
try; all prices. STOLTZ. 723 Market st
FOUR- CHAIR barber shop and cigar store;
sold at a sacrifice if taken at once; account
sickness. . Address P. O. box 839, San Jose.
BARBER shops wanted; all those that can
bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply to P. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
BARBER for Saturday evening and Sunday.
1007 Howard st. -
FOR sale — Three-chair barber -shop; in first-
. class condition. 71314 Greenwich st
2-CHAIR barber shop and 2 furnished rooms
at a bargain. 162S Mission st. \u25a0. . \u25a0•
TWO-CHAIR shop for sale; receipts $35 to $45
per week; rent $9 per month. 817 Laguna at
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; good bargain;
money-maker, 759^ Howard st
KELP WANTED— MALE.
4. — MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.,
'-?:-'. •'\u25a0:• Phone Mam 6848.
" OPEN TO-DAY
(SUNDAY),
8 TO 12 A. M.
Our Own Printing
Plant issues our free list of positions four
times daily— 7 a. m., 10 a. m.,
1 p. m., 4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS, ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP. ,
IF YOU WANT '
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 1905 we hope to
«4,000 men work. . -increase 64,000.
JANITORS. PORTERS. ELEVATOR MEN.
2 Janitors, city wholesale house, $45.
PRUNERS.
2 apple pruners, S. C. Co., $1 75 day.
Man and wife, chicken ranch, San Mateo Co.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Shirt polisher, city job, $15 week.
' R. R. COMPANY OWN WORK.
10 track men, spikers, strappers, etc., $60.
BAKERS.
Paul Eickenberger. the baker, please call.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
MERCED. MERCED.
THAT NEW RAILROAD.
ARE YOU GOING?
COO drillers $75
600 hammermen $75
500 laborers $67 60
600 muckers $67 CO
We have got special railroad rates $2 40
OUR OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
CLOSE TO PKESCOTT. 940 miles, $9 40.
25 laborers, you'll suit Call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634*636 Clay st
THIS NEW MILL.
INSIDE WORK— STEADY JOBS.
25 laborers, to go this afternoon, $t>o.
General manager here. Call and ! see him
AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay st
— - — . LOQK
Experienced salesman on folding paper boxes,
. $70 to $100. - -
Furniture finishers; also apprentices.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK! LOS ANGELES. $5.
—TO LOS ANGELES, $5—
—TO LOS ANGELES. $5—
25 teamsters, $67 50. . ,
25 trackmen. $67 50.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES?
$5 FARE.
MURRAY & READY, C34-C36 Clay st.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamsters, special R. R. fare, $65.
25 laborert*. special R. R: fare, $05.
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAY.
12 teamsters, free fare, $07 50.
Baker, bread and cake, small good job, $8
week and found.
3 cooks, different places, special Jobs, $30 to
$G0 and found. •
2 machine hand?, planlns mill, $3 day.
Men, address envelooes. this office.
Printer, country town, $40.'
3 tinners, steady work, country. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 034-630 Clay st.
MINES. QUARRIES,
LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
30 miners, hand and machine work, $2 50
to $3 day.
20 tunnelmen, near city, $2 75 day.
47 drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try, $2 50 to $2 75 <3ay.
15 headermen, tunnels, $2 25 to $2 75 day.
LABORERS. *
343 laborers, different jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia — factories, mills and general work;
$2 to $2 50 day. $00 to 175 month.
MURRAY & READY, 634-«3t5 Clay st.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE. $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
One Thousand Men.
1000 MEN.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK. ;;
DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN, $75.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $67 50.
BOARD, ETC.. $20 .MONTH.
SPECIAL FARE, $2 40.
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
MURRAY & READY. 631-630 CLAY ST.
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
FREE TO-DAY. TO-DAY IT'S FREE.
OCEA aHOREa H0RE R. R.
45 laborers. SCO.
45 teamsters, $67 50. '
45 drilUrs. $67 00.**'
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
OREGON— FREE FARE. : ~~
63 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOING?
COAL MINERS. .: .r. r
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
165 TIEMAKERS. 13c EACH.
FACTQKY.
15 laborers for general work around a large
factory; no experience needed; steady the
year round; any willing man can fill the bill;
Inquire about It; you- II no; wages $60.
MURRAY & READT. 634-t>3o Clay st
HOTELS, ETC.
B cooks, other places.
Walters, city hotels and restaurants, $35 a
month.
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $55.
OTHERS.
20 boys for stores, factories, city and coun-
try.
Experienced florist, city store.
FARMS, RANCHES.
. MILKERS, CHOREMEN.
6 plow teamsters, good ranch, $30 and fd.
14 general farmers, different ranches, $26 to
$32 and found. \u25a0 •
15 milkers, butter-makers and choremen and
chore boys, $15, $20. $25, $30, $35 and found.
IS prunern. vineyard cr orchard, $26 to $30
and found. . i
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TEAMSTER, special city wagon, $2-$2 50 day.
Man do ranch work blacksmithlng, $1 25 day
; . and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
SHASTA— EISKIYOU. FREE FARE.
25 laborers. .seo
ARE YOU GOING TO SHASTA?
15.000 Men to
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
$2. $2 50, $2 75 to $3 50 day.
12.000 MEN WANTED.
TO THREE STATES-
OREGON,
'WASHINGTON. . "
IDAHO. -
Cost only $7 75 to get there by train.
LOOK.
I 12 stablemen, different city stables. $60.
6 buggy-washera and harness cleaners, $40
. and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st
TYPEWRITER and clerk, our offices.
. FOREMEN.
• Foreman, grade woods. $3 a day and found. '
BUTCHERS. : . -
Butcher. Northern California. $50 and found. !
Young man, work In tool ' room, city iron
works, $40, and found. ' :\u25a0' ~
PLUMBERS AND BLACKSMITHS.
CARPENTERS.
; 25 car repairers. Los Angeles, fare $5. $3 W
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st
12 MILLWRIGHTS large lumber CO., $90 fd
CARPENTERS.
! 12 carpenters to build a factory. $3 50 day
MARRIED, j
Man and wife, cook for 14 men on a ranch.
$50 and found. -
W. H. Wise wanted.
. MURRAY & READY. C.T4-636 Clay st.
.~V~~~~ FOREMEN.
4 straw bosses, R. R. work, $75 fd. and un.
LUMBER MILLS. .
"\ 25 lumber pliers. $60. -. . _
STABLEMEN.
,-. 3 buggy-washers, city job*. $00.
3 hostlers, city jobs. $60.
3 BLACKSMITHS.
1 3 deck hands, good sailors/ dredgers,- $45 fd.
Boy to drive milk wasron,,s2o found
COOK.
' Camp cook, - city, $40 : and found.
'» -. Cook . for few men at mine, boss here, $35 fd
.' MARRIED .
Man and wlf», run hotel on blws.
_- r r. MURRAY & READY. 634-138 \u25a0 Clay st :
\u25a0. WANTED— A-: man Uto - open ', oysters. Call \u25a0at
il a, m.;- 135 Powell st ' : i - - - \u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0
JrArf— \u25a0— i 'in- \,m, i- ifc 1 1 il ssi isi \ iMT > f.i -
HELP WANTED — MAX.E— Continned.
"7 .**•- — \u25a0 "
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free Hat of positions four
times daily— 7 A. M., 10 A. M.,
1 P. M.. 4 P. M.
EMPLOYERS, ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATIONS AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULTS IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT .
THE BEST HELP, DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDER TO
MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay St.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We SDeak the German, French. Italian,
Spanish. Greek. Slavonian, Scandinavian and
Danish languages.
1905 WE GAVE 1906 WE HOPE TO
ett.ooo MEN WORK. INCREASE 69,000.
MURRAY & READY'S GREETING.
MURRAY & READY'S GREETING.
MURRAY & READY'S GREETING.
MURRAY & READY'S GREETING.
TO BOTH EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYE-
TO-DAY WE WISH YOU A HAPPY NEW
YEAR. WITH WEALTH, HEALTH AND
HAPPINESS; MAY BOTH EMPLOYER
AND EMPLOYE BE BROUGHT CLOSER
TOGETHER IN THIS INDUSTRIAL
WORLD DURING lOOti, LEARNING THE-
GREAT LESSON THAT BOTH BELONG
TO THE BROTHERHOOD OF MAN; IT
IS THE DUTY OF BOTH TO DO UNTO
ONE ANOTHER AS HE WOULD LIKE
TO BE DONE UNTO. FOR THE EMPLOYE
IN OVERALLS TO-DAY MAY BE THE
EMPLOYER OF TO-MORROW.
WE COME TO DO THE WORK OF HIM
WHO SENT US. FOR THE NIGHT
COMETH WHEN NO MAN
CAN WORK.
GREAT HAS BEEN OUR DAILY TOIL
FOR THE PAST EIGHTEEN (IS) YEARS
FOR THE BENEFIT OF CAPITAL AND
LABOR, SHOWING NO DISTINCTION BE-
TWEEN EITHER, BELIEVING IN "THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE IS THE RIGHT
OF MAN- TO WORK." BELIEVING THAT
CAPITAL AND LABOR THE "WORLD
OVER SHOULD SHAKE HANDS. TO REA-
SON AND CONSULT TOGETHER WOULD
PRODUCE PERFECT PEACE — PERFECT
INDUSTRIAL PEACE. OUR BUSINESS IS
PECULIARLY DEPENDENT UPON AMI-
CABLE RELATIONS BEING SUSTAINED
BETWEEN CAPITAL AND LABOR.
MANY TIMES IT HAS BECOME OUR
DUTY TO CHECK SOME WHO WERE
DETRIMENTAL TO THE STATE'S IN-
DUSTRIAL WELFARE: NO OTHER UO-
ITVE PROMPTED US THAN TO SEE THE
AMERICAN BOY LEARNING A TRADE
IN THE CITY. TOWN OR HAMLET
WHERE HE RESIDED WITH HIS PAR-
ENTS. BROTHERS AND SISTERS. THAT
HE MIGHT TAKE HOME HIS EARNINGS
TO HIS MOTHER AND BECOME WHEN
GROWN TO MANHOOD A STERLING
AMERICAN CITIZEN. UPHOLDING THE
CONSTITUTION O F THE UNITED
STATES, GIVING PRAISE AND PRAYER
TO GOD THAT HE WAS BORN IN THE
LAND OF THE FREE.
MURRAY & READY BELIEVE
THAT THIS IS THE AGE OF STRENU-
OUS COMPETITION OF THE SURVIVAL
OF THE FITTEST: WE LIVE IN AN AGK
OF LIGHT: WE -LIVE IN AN ADVANC-
ING GENERATION. WE ADMIT OPINION
IS ONLY PRIVATE PROPERTY. "WE
HAVE LEARNED MUCH BY STUDYING
MEN OF ALL NATIONS. NEVER DIS-
CRIMINATING BETWEEN MAN AND
MAN. WE HAVE TRIED TO SEE OUR-
SELVES AS OTHERS SEE US. WE AD-
MIT THF MOST PERFECT LIFE- DEVEL-
OPS AS A CIRCLE AND TERMINATES
IN ITS BEGINNING. MAKING IT IMPOS-
SIBLE TO SAY THIS IS THE COM-
MENCEMENT AND THAT IS THE END.
WE YET BELIEVE- THAT HONESTY IS
THE STRONGEST STAFF TO LEAN
UPON.. IT IS NOT STRENGTH. BUT
TRUTH. THAT PRODUCES GREAT BUSI-
NESS MEN. IT IS WELL. THEREFORE.
THAT WE CONTINUE IN THE- FUTURE
AS INvTHE PAST.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
9/ ——— %
"— '
HELP WANTED — MALE Continued.
\u25a0 \u25a0
'
_____
— — — — •
We ara greatly Indebted to all oar pairesS
and return thanks for all favors shown us
by them during the past year. 1909. just
closed. It has been an exceptionally profit-
\u25a0 able year to us financially and otherwise—
sending 69,000 men to work to all parts of
California, Oregon. Washington and 1 laho
States and Arizona, New Mexico. Hawaiian
Island Territory.
How well we have given our patrons en-
tire satisfaction is best proved by the re-
quest ot the great corporations, newspaper
proprietors and other employers of help la
Southern California to open a largo labor
agency in Los Angeles. We willingly granted
their urgent request and will open gigantia
offices. 20x175 feet, located at 127 and 12&
South Los Angeles St.. Los Angeles, Cal..
on or about January 1. 1906.
WE CONCLUDE ASKING ALT.
EMPLOYERS OF WHITE HEIiP
TO SEND ONTi -\u25a0 SEXt> AUt
Your orders for white male help to us.
We guarantee to fill the same with prompt-
ness, selecting competent help for every po-
sition.
EMPLOYE APPLICATION BLANK.
Name
Address
Age
Single or married?
Occupation
Wages, $
Where last employed
IT COST EMPLOYERS NOTHTNO FOH
OUR SERVICES.
Remember, what we have done ar.3 ar«
doing for others w» can do for you.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small
for us to supply. No objection to distance.
We ship good help to all parts. Employs rs
of help phone, telegraph, write or call in p*r-
scn and procure your help from ns.
We have every modern American and Eu-
ropean improvement. Our offices ar» a net— *
work of wires and you can phone or tele-
phone your orders from any place and In
fifteen minutes our own printing plants can
be started and the unemployed of San Fran-
cisco and Los Angeles notified of the class
of help we want.
With our twenty-six clerks it Is an tasy
matter for va to instantly fill your ordar*.
The records of help are well iooked Into
and addresses of competent men are kept at
hand all the time. All employers of help
ehouM send for our half-tone colored calen-
dar and Indestructible telephone card.
Office hours — 7 a. m. to 6 p. m.
Our own printing plants Issue our free)
lists of positions ftur times daily — 7 a. m. #
10 a. m., 1 p. m.. 4 p. m.. FREE.
WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT
1*97 TO UPWARD OF 17.C00 MEN.
IS9S TO UPWARD OF 13. C00 MEN.
IST® TO UPWARD OF 21, C00 MEN.
1900 TO UPWARD Of 35.000 MSX.
1901 TO UPWARD OF 37,600 MEN.
1902 TO UPWARD OF 45.000 MEN.
1903 TO UPWARD OF 60.000 MEN*.
1904 TO UPWARD OF 62.000 MEN 1 .
19C5 TO UPWARD OF CO.OCO ME?f.
MURRAY & READY. «?4-«S8 Clay st.
MURRAY & READT. vV
MURRAY & READY.
• — — —
' " \
For Additional Claaalfleil lUmllsisT
«i*nt» S«« Pa«« 44, •— "
4344
HELP WA2VTE D— MALE— ConttanA
A COACHMAN for private family. $50; a tout-
ler for a private family, city, $50; a young
man to work in a private stable, $30 and
found; a groom for a private family, $40
.•xnd found; a young man for kitchen work,
private family, $20 and found: refer-
ences necessary. Call Tuesday morning. Jan.
!1. at snSS I'LOCKETTS, 428 Butter st,
-.ox Powell. .
ANTED — Ten salesmen for lace curtain de-
partment. Apply Tue«lay morning at 8:30.
PRAGERS, Market und Jones sts.
ANTED — A good man on a beer wagon: good
?ay for the right nan. Apply Club Saloon,
;ofner Baker ana Filbert
RST-CLASS register feeder (platen): also
platen presuman. Call 78 Geary st.. 1 P- m.,
Vionc— v.
ANTTTi>— A first-e'.ess —doon porter; wage*
M 0 and board; call early. M. C. MOGEN-
<py, 27 Silver s-t
>V, sorr.e experiencw In furnishing goods. Cal l
Busdsy morning between 10 and 12, 237
Powell et.
_JY 1C years old.. Apply at 8. !C. WOOD
A CO.'S, 740 Market st.
CASH boy* wer-ted; $4 a week. Apply at 8. N.
WOOD — CO.'S. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Boy for fientiet off.cc; one. with eot-
perience preferred. Box 4550. CalL
WANTED— Office boy; wholesale house; wages
to gtart. $4 weok. Box 4551. CalL
DETECTIVES — I^earn the business; money
mftde whlie learning. CM Montgomery, r. 204.
WANTED — Helper "n bread. Bay StaUon
B_cery, Alara«da.
SO LABORERS. $2 25 day. near city; call
Tuesday. 764 Howard «t
SO DRILLERS. $2 25 day. work near otty: call
Tuesday. 764 Howard »t
t& TEAMSTERS 52 £5 day. work near «ityi
call Tuesday. 764 Howard »t
TB AUSTRIAN laborers, $2 day. work sear
city; call Tuesday. 764 Howard st
H RST-CLASS pictorial sign painter, $4 day.
city; call Tuesday. 764 Howard «t
ITTEADT waiter for bakery and coffee house.
(32 Kearny st.
\u25a0WANTED — Bright boy la l— ro ranoe offloe. Ap-
ply^
MEN and beys wanted to learn plumbing
tt— !e; pays $5 day after completing course
cf practical instruction at home or In our
schools; graduates admitted to Union and
Master P:um»>«rs' Association ; positions se-
cured. COYNE BROS. CO. Plumbing
Schools, New York, Chicago. HI-. Cincinnati,
Ohio. F"r*e catalogue.
WANTED — A bright young man about 16 yeexs
of age to cowmence as office boy in whole-
sale grocery; requirements, grammar school
«»<sueatlcn, good penmanship and accuracy at
figures. Box 4SSO. Call. \u25a0
"WANTED — Yocng man. 17 or IS years of age,
r-ho resides wi h his parents, as Junior clerk
!a fire Insurance office. Address in own hand-
writing, box 4529. Call.
W ANTED EVE R YWHERE— HUSTLERS to
tack j'gr.s. distribute circulars, samples, etc.;
no canvassing; good pay. Sun Advertising
Bureau, Chicajro.
MAN to aFsist on small fruit ranch near city;
must understand care of horses; good home
to right man. Apply room 1003. Call bids.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesmen.
Apply on Saturday and Tuesday between 9
end 11 a. m. at HALI : BROS.'
BOOTBLACK wanted. Saratoga. Baths. Park
»%-e.. cor. Hollls et.. near race track, Bmerv-
rilie.
MEN learn the barber trade In 8 weeks: tui-
tion* earned while learning: situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges in America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED — At once, solicitors for the city and
vicinity: special holiday Inducement. Call
and investigate: afternoons and evenings, at
3155 Mission st
MEN and ladies to learn barber trade; new
method; wage? earned while learning; posi-
tions guaranteed after eight weeks. GILL-
MAX'S Ba»ber College. 627 Clay st •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
thst Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
«<scl*-ct 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
SAIIX3RS and younr men fgreer 1 hands) for
*hipg. lULLBERT, 617 Jackson St.
Gi:RMAX cabinet-maker and French polisher.
Box 4506. Call.
WANTED— Bui-heln— n. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO.. corner Powell and Ellis sts.
LKARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0
to $180 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads:
t'.ay and eve. session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st
WANTED — At once. good, live canvassers to
represent us throughout California: large com-
missions paid; complete outfits furnished free;
pood prospects for right party. Full particu-
lars address Oregon Nursery Co., Salem. Or.
YOUNG men, learn sign painting; I teach you
by mall; $5 for complete course. Write for
particulars. NISLE SCHOOL OF LETTER-
ING. 94 W. Mountain st.. Pasadena, Cal.
MEN and women to learn the barber trade;
new method; wages paid while learning; po-
sition* guaranteed; special inducement- San
Francisco College, 741 A Howard Et.
ANY intelligent person may *am good Income
corresponding for newspaper; experience! un-
necessary; send for particulars. Press Syn-
dicate, Lockport. N. Y.
WANTED — Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
•\u25a0 night; clothes closets, hair mattre«B«s, elec-
tric lights in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — For 2 or 8 weeks, a competent
ranch hand thoroughly familiar with plant-
ing fruit trees; must have first-class refer-
ences as to ability to properly pet trees;
will h&ve to do own cooking: place near Gey-
iierville. Address, statin* wages, box 4823,
Call office.
WANTED — Competent manager for tearoom In
large establishment: state age, experience,
references and salary expected: applications
will not be considered unless applicants have
had first-class excellence. Apply box 2841,
tils office.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st. rm. 522.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, rm. 40, Phelan
bid. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
DAUTEL irants 800 men to buy Inspected
Government shoes at 631 Sacramento St.
10,000 WORKINGIIEX to buy our genuine
army shoes: all inspected. 105 Third st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call bra— cS office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRAXCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertising and •übscriptions has
bees cpened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
AGEXTS WAXTED. 1
WE pay $36 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound; rear's
contract Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept 54, Par-
aens. —ana.
SAIJTCSMEX "ANTED.
SALESMEN— 2OO to 800 per cent profit selling
specialty every merchant and business man
wants; Quick cash sales; unlimited Quanti-
ties. Write SULLIVAN CO.. 405 W. Van
Buren et, Chicago.
CAPABI.E 6a3eeman to cover California with
ctap!c line: high commissions, with $100
menthly advance; permanent position to rig!7t
Jman. JESS H. SMITH CO.. Detroit Mich.
SALESMEN calling on retailers to sell a strong
side line summer dress goods, white goods,
etc.; liberal commission. Purnell Dale Mill*.
box 560. Philadelphia. 7
WANTED — Reliable salesmen to cell Cltaax
computing 'cheese cutter and scales; liberal
<x>_:niBsion. Indiana Specialty Company,
Anderson, Ind.
SOLICITORS WAJfTED. ~
THE best commission proposition on this coast
for hustlers: a novelty that Interests every-
body on fiuht. Call 9 to 12, HEATH 303
California et. ; experienced men preferred.
LADY solicitor* ; very profitable, genteel busi-
ness. 3372-76 Mission et : call bet. 12-2 p. m.
HORSES A3TD WAGONS.
$150— FIXE S-ton truck. In good order with
top; one 4-ton platform wagon, almost new
4- top laundry wagons; all kinds of buggies
delivery wagons of all kinds, at KL EIBER'S*
1504-8 Foleom «t \u25a0 '
WANTED — To hire 800 head of horwse or mules
with harness for ncraper work. Inquire for
particulars MADIGAN. O'NEIL & CO.. 122
Grove bt.
FOR t>sJe — One business horse and one horee
suitable for peddling wagon. Inquire 1655
Foleom et.
STYLISH bay team; 2200 lbs.; suitable for
doctor, livery or carriage; price $300. 708
'^.enerr st.. near Glen Park. " .>/ :.
,';OOD bakery wagon for $53; one 4-can. 2-hor«e
milk wason. 1503-5 Folsom rt.
YOUNG horee and wagon for sale. 288 Preclta
aye., near Folsom st.
WANTED — A good gentle horse; one not afraid
of automobiles or cars. Box 32^0, Call office.
y*~>n sale — A stylish horse, , pacer, gentle,
five years old, $450. Address box 3195, Call.
HORSESA^TPWAGOyS-^pnt|w^
WANTED— A horse about 15 hands high; a
good buggy horse. Box 8305. Call offloe.
FOR sale — A black mare, suitable for lady
or gentleman to drive. Box 3102, Call.
HORSK for sale: suitable for lady or a doctor.
' 843 Howard st. ; \u25a0
AUCTION eale of horses, wagons and harness
ever}' Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 page*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send f or tlr-
cular. G. H. UMBEEN & CO.. 20 Motgmy.
HENRY. 236, above Cactro, near 14th— Mod-
ern, sunny oottacre of 7 rooms and bath;
large yard. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &
CO., 218 Montgomery st
TWENTIETH. 4332, near Diamond — Modern
house of 6 rooms and bath, with fine yard;
rent $25. YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO.. 513 California st
UNFURNISHED parlor floor, 8 or 4 rooms, in
new. modern house; $17 CO only. 1417 Ninth
aye.. Suns*t. •
PINE. 2790— Sunny corner house, 8 r. and b.j
basement. large yard, ges and electrla lights.
7-ROOM home, b«th; suitable 2 small families.
731 Turk st . .
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALK.
AN excellent chance; furnished house, 8 rooms:
owner, having other business, cannot attend
to house; rent $35; would take a lease on of-
fice room at $20 per month; full of steady
roomers; part cash, balance payments; worth
Investigating. 176 Turk st, near Jones.
COTTAGES TO _ I/ET :
NEW. neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
ful beach; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
«lectric light; sun all day; rent reasonable.
Taka Park and Cliff House car, stop at 46th
aye., go south one-half block to No. 1375.
FURNISHED, and unfurnished cars and cot-
tagee. Oceanslde district, also facing ocean,
$10 ud. J. H. D. FELDBUSCH JR.. renting
dept. 49th aye. and I st. ocean boulevard.
COTTAOB to let; 5 rooms and bath: 1617
Church st. between 28th and 29th; $20.
COTTAGES FOR SALIS.
COTTAGES for sale; 4 and 5 rooms; all mod-
ern Improvements; terms same as rent. Ap-
ply lumber offioe. Army, and Condon sts.
FURNITURE WAJVTED.
A — PHONE South 1015; it will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets. piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market
et. bet. 9th and 10th, paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179. . \u25a0>- \u25a0 '
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Ulsslon; tel. Bush 813.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market st. phone Jessie
761. pays cash and buys everything.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pl-
anos and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
; HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas, Market. Larkin, Hayes
ste. — Heart of S. F. ; modern; American and
European plans; electric lights and phone In
every room: hot and cold water; aulet
INVESTMENTS.
INVESTMENTS.
I have four $500 certificates in an established
corporation paying large dividends, which, on
account of other interests. I wish to dispose
of at once: will bear closest investigation.
See MR. OWEN. 1253 James Flood bldg.. San
Francisco.
INVALID CHAIRS, i
BOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
j r~— — ———«-————————— - ———————— --— .
JAPANESE FLORIST.
JAPAKKSD Florist — Fresh cut flowers every
day; plants for sale a specialty. 1708 Polk
st., near Washington. Phone East 1304.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco In the
name cf GEORGE MARICH, No. 270-1272.
The finder will pleaee return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savins?
and Loan Society 'of San Francisco in the
name of WILLIAM H. JONES, No. 248-1026.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Fine Llewellyn setter bitch: white and
yellow; strayed from home. Return to 1898
Broadway and receive $10 reward.
LOST — Thursday night gold locket with pho-
tos, studded with Jewels. Finder please
ring up phone East 370 and receive reward.
LOST — Fine" Llewellyn setter bitch; white and
yellow; strayed from home. Return to 1893
Broadway and receive liberal reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ALBERT -STANKE, No. 201-1150.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A paw book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of NELSON MOORE, No. 192-813.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Mink fur; on Market or Jones et 701
Post St.. apartment 5; reward.
A WEEK' B news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st, for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE Advertiser; incorporated; - tenth
year; 2000 worth $100 to $100,000; paper 10c.
sealed. S. C. LOVE, box 1600, Denver, Colo.
LADIES who earnestly wish to marry, send 100
for details; object matrimony. G. 8. WELLS
8 Mason st. Ean Francisco.
YOU can marry happy and wealthy; confiden-
tial list; details 10c. G. S. WELLS. 8 Ma-
son St.. San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— Ladies, all who are
•lck or in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints: positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; t!u most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
me; save tlmo and money; advice free. 1037
Market fct; hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 8:80 to 8:30.
MRS. DR. WYETH, speclalist^or all female
complaints and irregularities. Instant relief
guaranteed; SO years' experience. 944 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fpr all fe-
roale troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 1008^ Market st. opposite Fifth.
VALPEAU'S female pills: beet regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inges and tablets; price ?\u25a0">. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. >
DR. SYLVESTER'S office, 1240 Market st
Leading Specialist for 'Women.
Irregularities cured in 24 hours or no charge:
advice free; strictly private: hours 9 to 9.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt St.. suite 39.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market St., bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. .
At— MRS. DR. GWYER, 5 11 A Leaven worth st,
bet Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. W. R. MACY, reliable ladles' specialist
906 Mart-et st: hours 10 to 9; Sun., 10 to 3.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment 1136 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent»— The Weekly Call,
. 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MINES AND SIEVING.
ASSAYING, ore testing. H. W. WHITE; 751
Market st
MUSEUMS.
55! LIEBId isTAFF Free Museum of
Anatomy moved to 1023 Market st. near 6th.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
A TYPEWRITER Is the best holiday gJftTes-
peclally for the. boy or girl; partly used $100
machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
anteed; rentals, from ' $2 50 month. W
SCOTT. 207 Montgomery st.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Romington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals, $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st '_.
FOR sale — Very cheap, a Fisher billing and
bookwrltlng typewriter. MUNICIPAL LOAN
OFFICE, 907 Market et
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE. ,
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO., 130 Beale
st, San Francisco, \u25a0 offers for sale the fol-
lowing: • :"' ;•
BOILERS.
2 50-hp. Babcox WUcox, nearly new. each $450
2 42- in. by 16 ft. return tubular boilers in
battery, 45 ho. each, in good shape,
complete 600
1 54-ln. by 1* ft return tubular boiler,
00 hp. ................................. 800
1 04-ln. by 16 ft return tubular boiler,
70 hp. \u25a0.-." • 85°
3 48-in. by 16 ft return " tubular boilers,
55. Hp 300
2 36-ln. by 14 ft. return tubular boilers,
25 hp 150
25-hp. vertical firebox boiler, all complete 110
20 hp. vertical firebox boiler, all complete 90
15-hp. vertical firebox boiler, all complete 76
10-hp. vertical firebox boiler, all complete 60
8-hp. vertical firebox bolkr, all complete 48
i 6-hp. vertical firebox boiler, all complete 40
i 4-hp. vertical firebox boiler, all complete SO
2-hp. vertical firebox boiler, all complete 25
Other types too numerous to mention. All
thteo tested to hydrostatic pressure of IWS lbs.
pressure.
r _NGINE-5.
24x48 Union Iron Works- Corliss engine. ;
all comolete, rated 450 hp.. Al shape
guaranteed .$2lOO
18x42 Union Iron Works Corliss engine
complete, rated at 150 hp.. an engine
that Is practically new; worth about
twice what we ask.... ••>• 1400
10x25x16 Ball automatic compound en-
gine, tandem, used only - a little while,
250 hp .' ." ' 1400
Bxl2 Fitchburg engine, vertical, A 1..... 125
£O-hp. O. A 8. horizontal engine. 150
4-hp. Ohnwn engine complete 60
Bxl6 plain slide valve horizontal engine 125
9x16 plain slide valve horizontal engine 150
And others too numerous to mention.
PUMPS.
1 10x21x10-111 Duplex (Dow).
oxl6xloxlo Worthlngton Duplex
12x18%x12x10 Worthlngton Duplex.
12xlSxlOVixiO Worthlngton Duplex.
12x3x16 Hooker (single).
10x7x12 Dow (single).
15x10x18 Knowles (single).
GASOLINE ENGINES.
12-hp. marine double . cylinder engine with
shaft stern- hearing, thrust, batteries, •
dynamo, propeller, eta. complete t. o. \
b San Francisco $345
86-hp. Oriental marine engine complete.. 475
15-hp. Corliss engine, same as above.... 376
2-hp. Fairbanks Morse engine complete. 90
4-hp. vertical (local make) complete.... 135
The largest stock of gas engines on the
MISCELLANEOUS.
Pelton water wheels, 4 ft, complete. $150
Sxl2 rock crusher (Blake), new 205
Hooker deep well pump complete 100
Foundrymen's crane, 1 ton capacity 90
Sturtevant blowers and exhausters 5
Machine tools, drills, presses, lathes, planers,
etc See us when you want to buy, sell, rent,
exchange machinery in all Its branches. More
machinery carried by us In stock than all
the other places put together.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO. ,
Office. 130 Beale st.
Yards — Beale and Howard sts.
Yards— Ninth and Bryant sts.
Warehouses — 130 Beale st.
/Warehouses — 128 Fremont -t t
H 6. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery.
H-mch pipe $S 25 per hundred feet (new)
%-lnch pipe.... $3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe.... $6 70 per hundred feet <new)
1%-inch pfpe.... 87 tO per hundred feet (new)
1%-lnch pipe.',.. $8 90 per hundred feet (new)
2-lnch pipe.... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2H-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 10c
8-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 12%0
BVS-ln. screw pipe (2d hd) : ready for use. 15c
4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use, 19c
Bend by check, money order or coin by
W. F. Exwe«»s Co., with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office 130 Beale et
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc, etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; ccc Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO. 130 132 Beale st
Here are a few specials in stationery.
STATIONERY.
Fine Writing Paper in beautiful carton
boxes, in all latest tints and textures,
per box 60c
A special line of fine correspondence paper
In daintily decorated boxes, per box 250
1 carry a very large and select line of cor-
respondence and- society etatlonery In the most
up-to-date Btyles. j •
OFFICE STATIONERY
• ~ And Supplies
In very large lines and very choice assortment,
including letter files, bill files, pads, legal
blanks, typewriter paper, memorandum booka
and blank books of all kinds: all at email
profit prices.
THAT MAN PITTS.
100S Market Et., San Francisco.
' /
SHAVING MUGS.
Very select line 25c up
Fine line of Lather Brushes at" 600
Good Razor Honos from 25c up
COMBS AND BRUSHES.
For Men and Women.
Also Pocket Combs, Hand Mirrors, Pocket
Mirrors, Tooth and Nail Brushes at little
prices.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market St., San Francisco.
FOUNTAIN PENS.
Buy a fountain pen for him for~a Christmas
present. What could be more appropriate?
Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pens, Conk-
lln's Self-Filling Fountain Pens. A spe-
cially good fountain Pen $1 00
THAT MAN PITTS,
JCOS Market st., San Francisco.
POCKET KNIVES.
Any man would enjoy , a good pocket knife
for Christmas. See njv extensive line in all
the best makes. My line is top-notch and
embraces all the best brands of the world.
Am offering a specially good pocket knife,
with three excellent blades, fortified
ends, stag handle, : suitable for lady or
gentleman, at ....$1 00
Another fine value, with three razor Bteel
blades and pearl handle; fashionable
shape and size. Special at ....$1 59
THAT MAN PITTS.
100S Market et.. Ban Francisco.
SCISSORS.
A full and excellent line. Including all kinds
and shapes of Shears, Buttonhole Scissors, -at
25c up: Guaranteed Manicure Scissors, at 500
up; Embroidery Scissors, at 25e up.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market st.,- San Francisco.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont Bt.
FOR eale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; • modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, 652 Mission st. B. F.
PARTY having bought fine standard make up-
right piano on Installments, and having same
half paid 'for. Is unable to keep up payments
and will sell eaulty for a nominal sum to
any one wishing to continue to make pa/-
ments. Box 4879. Call.
A' FINE variety of dogs and pupa of all de-
ecriptlons; remember the College kennels Is
' the largest In the State; specialty of \u25a0 ship-
ping dogs to all = parts; dogs boarded. . 116
Haight st; phone Park 442.
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Smith Premier Type-
writer, $S6; a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery St., agents L. C.
Smith & Bros.' \u25a0 visible typewriter.
UNION Ice Co. plant for sale; 250,000 ft. % pipe
ordinary,— ex. heavy; other elzes up to 12 In.;
boilers, engines, pumps, air receivers; 25 HP.
gas engine, tanks. G.Welssbaum, 856 Tehama.
PNEUMATIC hammer suitable for black-
smith or sheet copper;also riveting, chipping
and calking hammer; equal • new. JOHNSON
& HORAN. 602 Third at
A — BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, 'water pipes, shafting, pulleys,"
etc WHITELAW. 336 Main et.
TRY our tall .tops on your oil ; stove; intense
heat; winery goods In stock; tlnwork made
and repaired. D. 8. WEAVER, : 308 .Gough.
POINTER bitoh of the Bakerefleld Kennel. 18
months old, with 4 puppies 4 weeks old. 739
.; Hyde st. near flutter. .
PIGEONS— Closing out a few fine hen, Polish
' lynx and other . pigeons. 474 Edwards et ,
Oakland. .. •
T"""~~ ; $50 00. \ \u25a0 ~~~\-
2-H. P. Union stationary gas engine, com-
plete. 802 Franklin 8t.,. Oakland.:
TWO printing presses; Columbia," 7x9, $15;
Globe, 10x15, $70. 654 Elizabeth St.; Castro
- cars.' '\u25a0 :- ."" ' • .': \u25a0 \ \u25a0'\u25a0 .:'' ~. ;
WOODWORKING shaper, circular. ;resaw,' 12-
Inch and 9 Inch stickers, tenoning .and . mor-
tlslng machine. 602 Third st. :--';'•• .
OTTO gasoline engine; 140 h. p. and: lK) h. p.;
used few months.' JOHNSON & HORAN. 602
. Third t - - ..- -? \u25a0.: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 .- •.. \u25a0 \u25a0-. . ) -\u25a0.-:\u25a0\u25a0 -i \u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0.
PORTABLE ' engine and ; boilers, ' 20 ! h. = p. ; ; ver-
tical engine and., boiler, s6xl2x4o^h.- p.;iAl
" : condition; : heavy machinist lathes.- 602 Sd > st.
FOR • sale — A - sealskin ' as ) good las " new.-* "' '\u25a0' •-
... MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE,
.. v .'\u25a0!»;\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0:\u25a0;<\u25a0'. '\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0• :'..".\u25a0; \u25a0•.v ; .9oTV;Market : -.- r ßt.'";.
MACHINERY, - boilers ; and .< engines - bought,
sold and • exchanged ; power > plants In their
entirety bought Western Mhy Co., 230 Main,
iL li^^E^U^-FjPR^JA^E-^Con^
A— GENTS' full dreas /eulta 'to rent..-J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton Bt. second f100r...
A—l%A — 1% H.P. Ft. Wayne motor, practically new;
: great bargain. L. EPSTEIN. 533 Mission. .
FOR SALE — 2 solid oak writing desks, cheap.
1100 Clay.- near noontime.
SECOND-HAND typewriter desk; must be
cheap. Address Box 4SCI. Call office.
D. C. rfUGHES COMPANY. . printers, en-
gravers and binders. 511 Sansome st, S. F.
NEW droo head Domestic sewing- machine,
$25 ; leaving city. Box 4868, Call ' of flee.
NICKEL in the slot music box, also Swiss
music f box graphophone. 1474 Pago . st.
A -SWELL, new, Imported black bear boa and
muff; $16. 63J Mission st ~ -
GOOD sanitary couch- for sale cheap. 183
\u25a0 Belvedere at} phone Grove 984.
TWO cameras for sale cheap; good outfit 410
Powell at .
YACHT Neotune for sale. 246 Butter -st.
room 9.
BABY Al Vista panorama cameras, $3 00; take
pictures 2%x6%. Sunset Bazaar, 42 Third..
HIGH grade second-hand otflce safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES — Must make " room; no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery Bt. •
DESKS and office furniture bought sold and'
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
TWO merry-go-rounds; 4ne miniature railway.
BACIGALT7PI. 805 Kearny st - «\u25a0
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns.' sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD _ BRECK, 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAA — POSTAGE stamps and collections
bought and loaned on. Address box 1577.
Call office. . ' •\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0>>\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
WANTED — 2d-hand druggist's manufacturing
outfit, consisting of mortars, pestles, peroola-
tors, graduates, filter, racks, eto. 4880, Call.
AA — Highest prices paid for ladles, gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sabramento.
WANTED — Second-hand office desk: describe
and state price. Box 4860. Call office.
WANTED — To buy or loan well boring outfit
W. PLENGER, 735 Brannan st.
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladles' and
ggnts' clothing. Tel. Howard 11S7; 154 9th at
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eb«r-
& Co.. 40f>-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st
MONEY TO LOAN.
CONFIDENTIAL.
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made on pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock and to people on their In-
dividual notes at banking-house rates; In
cs.se of sickness or locs of employment we
extend your loans so you tak<* no chance of
losing your goods; your business Is strictly
confidential, as we make no inquiries of your
neighbors; goods remain In your possession
and you can have the loan as long as you de-
sire; If • you have any outstanding bills or
owe any loan company, we will pay. them
for you and give you more money; It Is
easier to pay one than a number; to ladles of
prominence we make loans without any se-
curity whatever; we. can refer you to any
bank or newspaper In this city; don't fall to
call and see us and we will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up-to-date method of doing
business; you meet no one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, room 16, Phelan building; phone
Main 704. . _^
MONEY
ALWAYS ON HAND.
SUMS FROM $10 TO $300.
RATES NO HIGHER HERB.
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AND
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS ' TREATMENT, ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FURNI-
, TUKE. PIANO, HORSE. VEHICLE OR
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
NO BANK MORE RELIABLE.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
SHOULD BE LEFT K6ERE WHEN YOU
NEED MONEY.
WE'RE READY AND WILLING .
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO..
202-203 CALLAGHAN BLDG..
MARKET AND MCALLISTER STS.
PHONE >.. SOUTH 922.
LOAN HEADQUARTERS.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY. \u25a0'\u25a0.-\u25a0,\u25a0...
. 001-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save " expenses by dealing directly. '
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and i undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. ""Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can gtt
Just on his note: .
Monthly. Semi-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us.. sl3 35 $6 65 $3 35
$30— Return to us. . 800 - 400 200
$20— Return to us.. 635 265 1 35
$15 — Return to us. . 400 200 100
Or any other sum, and pay back In proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO., 500 Rlalto bldg..
New Montgomery and Mission sts.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give . full particulars
of property, \u0084'»;..
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN .AND TRUST CO.,
_ ..; 21 Stockton st, near Market ..<•-, -\u25a0->\u25a0
,2d floor.
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate In probate, life
Insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages, assignments of rents, etc
SALARY LOANS— -
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment
Call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest Baldwin's Jewelry Store,
978 Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. and 27 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people,' retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 658 Parrott bldg.
ANT amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or otter security) 'lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. \u25a0 006-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor st, corner Market
LOANS to salaried people without lndoreer;
prompt attention and liberal terms. The City
Loan Co., 211 Crossley building.
ALVA CO. loans money to salaried people with-
out security; good terms, easy payments;
also on other security. 507 Ja«. : Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. -\u25a0 20 Montgy. St. room 21.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
_ ity; loans on Indorsed notes and other secur-
ity.' S. F. DISCOUNT AGCY., 120-7 Phelan.
SALARIED people without security: also on
furn., estates In probate,' life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and - precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth 8t
ANY amount, real estate or other security ;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE, 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
> indoraer. Federal Loan Co.. 609 Exam. bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $10, up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. ; room 81. : 6 Eddy sf
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Cr. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
... mo, 3. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 038 Kearny.
McGARVIE & CO., 720 Market st, loans money,
'\u25a0 ; 65 to 80 per cent of valuation of , property. - .. \u25a0 \u25a0
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
PARTY having bought fine standard make up-
right on Installments and having > same half
paid for. Is unable to keep up payments and
- -.. will ' sell equity . for •a ' nominal >• sum : to : any
one . wishing to continue to make payments.
Box \u25a0 4894. ;\u25a0• Call. \u25a0\u25a0•,-'.'-'"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
AFTER s the holidays, bargains f rom . $C 5 up.
Including many good standard makes. Pianos
that were $500, $200 up; $400 planes $150 up.
A few for less money. Call early; first come
* first 1 served. HEINE, 237 \u25a0 Geary st .. "
~~ UPRIGHTS .FROM, S6S UP. .-
\u25a0 ':. Plyel, .- Emerson.'* Roenlsch, Smith : & \u25a0 Barnes,
Gabler, Curtaz. Sterling : and : many others," on
easy ; payments; - open * evenings.' • •-, ...•\u25a0•
BENJ. CURTAZ & , SON, \u25a0\u25a0 16 \ O'Farrell st. . ; : .
A NEW*plano " for rent \u25a0 at > $3 ' per ' mo. ; • others
at $2 and $2 50: ' one year's rent . allowed : if
. .- purchased. ! SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 \u25a0 Hayes ;st
STEINWAY piano; must be sold.": 584 Valencia
. st:vB a.'^ \u25a0 nyj to ii 9 ; P." ; ro.~v. \u25a0--..'.\u25a0 -..-.. ; -.\u25a0 <r^.~':
' A'r FISHER upright, $96. - - HEINE. ' 237 . Geary
" i; street ':•, '\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.- ."\u25a0*•. ;.\u25a0.''\u25a0 : \u25a0:',"' ' '•"'''. \u25a0-.."..,;!
\u25a0ALMOST given away: storage pianos and furnl-
; ture. .Whltehead' s ; Storage. 1636 Market' at. \u25a0 \u25a0
BARGAlN— Chlckerlng upright grand: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO> 216 McAllister.
MUSICAI, INSTRUMENTS— Con»« — -rt.
BARGAINS In pianos and musical .merchan-
dise. Call afternoons and evenings at 3153
Mission st. . . _^
SAVE dealers' profit* ; buy direct from factory.
DEITEMEIER PIANOS, 839 Valencia St.,
between Nineteenth . and Twentieth.
PIANOS extraordinary, stock East'n mfgr, sae-
rlflced; terms to- ault Statham. 110 McAllister
SUPERIOR violins, Blthers. old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
—LEOANT uprights, new. 2d-hand, $40-$5OO.
PIERCE' B Plano^actory. Market and 14th.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy plane*. Ceciltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 MoAll lnter et
3-PEDA— Stein way up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger little used. Keeffe's, 235 O'Farrell.
_ STTOItES TO LET.
BROADWAY, 1255. nr. Hyde— Store, suitable
for any business; largo apartment house; $16.
MAJESTIC bldg.. 1231 Market st— Nice mod-
ern offices to let; 910 per month' and up. .
FOR rent — Part of etcre and 3 living rooms.
620 Taylor st "' ;- \u25a0
PERSON AliS. r _ _
• •-'• "NEW YEAR'S G-I-F-T-8." • • •
500 "F-R-B-E'' TREATMENTS.
"R-B-X-R-A-D-I-O" has given over
• • • TWENTY-THREH THOUSA^TD • • •
SUCCESSFUL TREATMENTS Of TOTAXi
DEAFNESS^ and a large variety of (alleged)
INCURABLE DISEASES, and will
CELEBRATE THE "NEW YEAR"
\u25a0-*•\u25a0•• • BY G-I-V-I-N-G • • •
"FTVE HUNDRED" FREE TREATMENTS
to persons of SMALL MEANS, who deslra
to T-E-S-T his marvelous d-r-u-g-l-e-s-s H'D
R-A-D-I-U-M treatment, each one ABSO-
LUTELY W-I-T-H-O-U-T O-N-B CENT OPI
EXPENSE (direct or indireot). This o2er
applies to TUESDAY, January 2, and dally
till SATURDAY. January 6, and applies to
TOTAL DEAFNESS and E-V-_-R-Y KINX>
of (supposed) ' I-N-C-U-R-A-B-L-E DIS-
EASES. Come from 2t06 p. m. There are
several RECEPTION ROOMS, Bring a
F-U-L-L WRITTEN desoriptlon of your
malady and symptoms. The O-N-_r* CON-
DITION U that you will promise to TEI-C»
YOUR FRXENDS of the WON-—RFUL
BENEFITS you obtain by this COMPLI-
MENTARY (F-R-E-E) treatment You will
S-E-E the sick treated, and witness the
wonderfully beneficial RESULTS. You are
certain to be ASTONISHED and fully
C-O-N-V-I-N-C-E-D of the EXTRAORDI-
NARY E-F-F-I-C-A-C-Y of this PEER-
LESS treatment WITHOUT MBDISINE.
"The DEAF hear the LAME walk, the
BLIND receive their sight" Through the
GOD-GIVEN power used by REJXRADIO.
You can see STACKS of ' oity testimonials;
HUNDREDS of grateful patients have con-
\u25a0ented to their names being used as REF-
ERENCES, and these include PHYSICIANS,
LAWYERS, CLERGYMEN. BROKERS,
PRESIDENTS of Important companies.
MILLIONAIRES, etc. Many of these have
Kindly promised to be PRESENT, dally,
and personally RELATE to you full partic-
ulars of their marvelous DELIVERANCE
from SUFFERING. Inform your SICK
. FRIENDS of this FREE opportunity, which
may not occur again. Rexradlo VISITS
the BEDRIDDEN, aIBO HEALS distant pa-
tients THROUGH THE MAILS— W-A-T-C-H
thin column DAILY for REPORTS of the
CURES effected FREE from January 2 to
6. Hours 2 to 6: UPSTAIRS, reception-
rooms to the LEFT. 509 Kearny st
. O-P-E-N S-U-N-P-A-Y-S.
VISITING CARDS.
In lota of 100 ..60c
Engraved cards from plate $1 00
All up-to-date engraving done at popular
prices.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market st . /
SOUVENIR POST
CARDS.
All that have been Issued to date In art.
souvenir or comic varieties. Souvenir view
books of California, 25c up. All the g-ildes
and maps.
Violin strings— lncluding CCC Make.
THAT MAN PITTS.
- 1008 Market St., San Francisco.
; ••
LARGE line . of beautiful Chrlatmas cards at
all popular prices. Don't fail to call and
see them.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market St., San Francisco.
A FREE ill. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable Information con-
cerning rectal diseases; sent free to any BUf-
ferer ! Frank R. Weston. M. D.. author, suite
501-2, Donohoe bldg., Mkt. & Taylor, S. F.
_
SAVE YOUR OLD CARPETS: we will convert
them into beautiful handmade rugs of any
desired size. The Oakland Fluff Rug Fac-
' tory, 862 Market st, Oakland. Cal.: phonn
Oakland 3508; mall orders our specialty.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st. Oakland.
CREDITORS of R. Brent Mitchell who wish
to learn something to their advantage are
requested to address bfex 2843, Call office,
without delay. \u25a0 . .;;
MORPHINE, opium, laudanum,, cocaine habit
N myself cured ; will Inform you of harmless,
permanent home cure. MARY BALDWIN 1 ,
box 1212, Chicago.
"FROM Hog Train to Palace Car" tella you
hew to carve out a fortune with a soft new
lead pencil; price two bits. J. INGLE, Hazel
Creek. Cal.
MME. GILLINGHAM. dermatologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
stored. 114 Geary st. ; tel. Montgomery 2087.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
4-7— YOURS ' received. All right; now, sure.
Hope to see you soon. . L & K. ;
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush., nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market st. bet Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes^ play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
PHOTO SUPPLIES. -
FREE KODAK
DEVELOPING
If - you buy your films of me or have me do
your photo printing.
I carry a full line of
NON-CURLING FILMS.
My prices for films In rolls of six exposures
are as follows: 2*4x2%, 15o; 2Hx3H, 20o;
2Hx4U 20c; 3%x3H, 80o; B%x4K, 85c; 4x5,
ox 4 and 3%x5%/ 45c: 5x7, 80c.
For rolls of twelve exposures: 2^x3^4, 40c;
2%x4%, 50c; 3&x3%. 60c; 8)4x4%. 70c; B%x
Oft (10 exposures). 70c; ox 7, $1 60.
, THAT MAN PITTS,
. 1008 Market i st. San Francisco.
PHOTO PRINTING.
I give a discount of 10 per cent on orders of
more , than 6 prints each ' from 6 negatives.
Here are some of my prices: 2%x3%, 4c each;
2^x4%.- 8%x3% and 3%x4&. 6c; 4xo and 3%x
0% 6c: ox 7. 10c.
__-_T - *
THAT i MAN PITTS.
1008 Market; st. San Francisco.
CYKO PHOTO
PRINTING PAPER.
A developing paper; and prints by artificial
\u25a0 light. Sample dozen of any size up to
and Including 4x5 ...........150
A full assortment of Kodak Mounts and
Albums. \u25a0 .•
PHOTO PLATES.
BUx4V_,'4oo box; 4x5. 05c; ox 7. $1.
ALL THE LATEST - 'ZX
• - MAGAZINES AND PERIODICALS.'
A THAT MAN PITTS.
« 1008 > Market st. San Francisco.
VERI TONE— A new - developing paper with
1000 per cent latitude; gives a great variety
' of . tones. ';\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 Yor ! samel es ; write • \u25a0 '.•.\u25a0•.
THE ARTURA' PHOTO PAPER CO..
'-' 819 Market st.. San Francisco.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HlM7~herb^doctor"
• - treats t all \u25a0 diseases -. of ' the human ; body ; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo-
; ; cated at 667 Geary Bt,:near.Leavenworth.*;. '
WONG WOO, - the famous herb doctor— All dls-
7 eases ; cured ,by. Chinese; herbs.? 746-8 Clay st'
••; PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
PAINTING.*. tinting. rpapeVhanging done at low
:\u25a0 ; \u25a0 rates. - 1410% • Lyon et . . ;
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls wallpa-
. per, 6c . up. Hartmana [Paint Cow, Sl9 Third.
POULTRY, EGGS, ETC^— FOR SALEw^
WANTED— Laying young white 110 " 1 .. 11 *^
state price. A. GEHL, general delivery,
Alameda. • .J
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: •'U. S. _and foreign
patent laws. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market^ st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING
BRYANT. . 011— Ne~ly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable. ____
BARTLETT. 431— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
large grounds; rent reasonable; Mission
warm belt. - —
BRYANT, 444— Large sunny room*; nicely fur-
nlshed for housekeeping; gas.
BUSH. 12C3 — Two neat housekeeping rooms;
gas "stove, bath; reasonable.
BUSH. 637 (Chesterfield)— Ne-w, modern house;
. fine furnished apartments; convenient loca-
tlon; reasonable. \u25a0 *
CLEVELAND, 12 — Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $125 per week; $5 per month;
single rooms. $1 25 per week.
CALIFORNIA, 830. near Powell— B nlsely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; kitchen and
laundry; reasonable. -
CALIFORNIA, 1506, near LaaTenworth— Fine
sunny unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
grate; b-th; running water; adults only.
CLEVELAND. 12— Mo© housekeeping rooms.
$5 per month; all conveniences; sunny all day.
CALIFORNIA. 1502, cor. Larkin— Handsome
sunny rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
CLEVELAND. 12— Nloe furnished housektep-
lng rooms: $3 v*t month; $1 25 week; all
convenience*; sunny. -
DEVISADERO, . 1810— Sunny front room* fur-
nished for. housekeeping ; m nice, new fiat;
$17 50 per month; gas, bath.
DEVISADERO, 1814— Newly furnished sunny
apartments; elegant new flat; adults: reason-
able. . __.
DBVISADERO, 2207— Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; private family t reason-
*ble. x
EDDY. 014— Fine furnished housekeeping
rooms t coal range; large kitchen; reasonable.
TCT.t.th, 4MX — Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas or coal stores; sinks; run-
ning water. \u25a0
ELX.I3, 552 — Large sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water, gaa range, etc.; #20.
ELLIS, 1021 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms; within
walking distance.
EDDY, 218 — Nicely furnished rooms for houee-
keeplng; reasonable; also single rooms.
EDDY. 435— Nicely furnished- front housekeep-
lng rooms; gas range; grate; $20.
EDDY. 516— Nice furnished sunny rooms fcr
housekeeping; $12 and $16 per month.
ELLIS, 607 — Nicely v furnished front alcove
rooms for h >usekeeplng. - $1S per month; also
nice room for gentleman.
ELEVENTH. 223 — Nice, newly furnished rooms
with use of dining-room and kitchen; $14 per
month; also single rooms.
ELLIS. 800— Nicely furnished, double, connect-
ing rooms; also single rooms: phone, running
water, . etc.
FILLMORE. 1033— Nicely furnished or unfur-
furnlahed sunny rooms to let; reasonable
rates.
FOURTH. 491 — Neatly furnished rooms com-
plete for - light - housekeeping; also single
rooms; reasonable.
FOL3OM, 2611— Nicely furnished sunny room;
bath; gas stove: rent reasonable.
FILLMORE. 928 — Sunny front room*, run-
nlng water, gas, bath. laundry; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1236 — Furnished rooms for hou-e-
keeplng; stove. ,
FELL. 614— Nice furnished rooms to let for
light housekeeping.
FIFTH. 438 — Ntcely furnished sunny double
rooms for' housekeeping. $2 CO week; single
rooms, $1 up.
FOLSOM, 613 — Nicely furnished aunny rooms
for housekeeping. :
FOURTH. 225 — Nice large housekeeping room;
also other rooma. _^
FOURTH. 225 — Nloe housekeeping rooms and
single rooms also. >' . i
FUtTON. 25, near City Hall— Sunny furnished
housekeeping suites; gas, etc
FELL, 156 — Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water; cooking gas.
FOLSOM, 1037%— Nicely furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; gas; closet; $8.
GEARY, 917 — Fine, sunny rooms to let, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; gas
range, bath, water, etc.: from. $10 up per
month. i '
OEARY, 1225 — 3 nice furnished rooms In cot-
tage, complete for housekeeping; piano In-
cluded; rent only $23; all conveniences.
GEARY. 1225— Finely furnished large front
suites complete for housekeeping, baths and
all conveniences: also other rooms at very
reasonable rates.
QEARY. 841. near Hyde— Nlca furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas range, laundry, etc.
GOLDEN GATE avev. 1208 — Nice sunny parlor
eultes; use of piano; other rooms for house-
keeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1210 — Nloe sunny par-
lor Eultes, completely furnished for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
GEARY. 207 — Newly furnished housekeeping
apartments; quiet place; reasonable.
GEARY. 841. near Hyde — Completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; laundry, gas range,
etc.; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 259 (The Perkins) — Mod-
ern, up to * date furnished 2 and 3 . room
apartments for housekeeping; single, en
suite; close In.
HAIGHT. 226 — Nice rooms, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; convenient and
pleasant -
HOWARD, 823 — Large front furnished room;
light housekeeping; couple or 2 or 8 working
girls; $3 50 week. \u25a0
HOWARD. 822^ — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
HAVES, 1779, near Masonic aye. — Single, sun-
ny, furnished and unfurnished rooms - for
housekeeping, with separate kitchen; reas.
HOWARD. 823 — Large, sunny, furnished room;
light hekpg.; couple or 2 or 3 girls; $3 50 wk.
HAIGHT, 100% — Elegant rooms situate en
sunny corner;'Oompletely furnished for house-
keeping. -
HAIGHT, 222— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms In private family; bath; yard; good
location. . -
HARRIET, 89k near Sixth — Housekeeping
rooms; yard, sink; adults; $14 month.
HOWARD. 1138— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms for housekeeping; coal stove; also
others.
HOWARD. 2697 — Fine furnliihed front sunny
rooms for light housekeeping: gas;' bath:
reasonable.
HOWARD, 617 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
and single rooms; gas; yard; all conveni-
ences; reasonable.
HOWARD, 617— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single: gas range; all conveniences.
HOWARD. 640 — Sunny bay-window, grate,
, gaa. water; double bed; other cheaper rooms.
HOWARD. 834. flat A— Furnished housekeep-
lng rooms; also \u25a0 transient.
HOWARD. 1188— Sunny housekeeping suites;
. nicely furnished; bath; gas ranges; $10 to
$20 month. _^
JACKSON. 1580— Nicely furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; bath, laundry, grate, gas
range, etc.; reasonable rates.
JACKSON, 1609. near Polk — Nice sunny newly
\u25a0 furnished rooms, complete for housekeeping;
gas range; $14 to $18. •
JONES. 000— Nicely furnished tunny house-
keeping suites. $18; \u25a0 also good • single* rooms
from $8 up.
JACKSON. 1224, near Jones — Ntcely furnished
rooms, with home comforts, for employed
ladles, $3 and $10. .
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished front sunny
rooms, single and en suite. $2 to $5 per
w«ek ; - phone ; running water ; bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 1010— Nicely furnished, sun-
E ny front rooms for housekeeping, with kitchen.
LARKIN/ 1042— Sunny, unfurnished housekeep-
ing- rooms. : .,- •i- =
LARKIX. 433 — Completely furnished sunny
\u25a0 rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 1007 — Handsomely furnished sunny
housekeeping eultes. $20 to $30; other rooms
$10 to $15; baths., \u25a0
LARKIN, 433 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. . •\u25a0• - .
LARKIN, 1410— Nice sunny furnished house-
. keeping rooms; single^ sunny rooms. $c and
v. $7- per ; month; -bath; phone.
MCALLISTER. -405, corner Polk — Neatly fur-
nished. 1 sunny rooms. : single of en suite, com-"
• >plete for, housekeeping; nloe location. *
MINNA . \u25a0 452— Neatly furnished rooms," complete
for housekeeping; also single rooms; desirable
for one or. two gentlemen.
MINNA, 573. near Sevenths — Large front room
.; sunny kitchen and yard; no gaa,'
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING-- y^a-t
MISSION. 830% — Fine, largo, sunny roomT^_
\ suites completely furnished for light holt*.
keeping; moilerata rental; good location.
MARKET. 2343. near 16th— Nicely fumlahtt
cunny rooms for housekeeping: n<*w_ flat; pn.
vate family.
MCALLISTER, «10 — Nicely furnished, eoa.
venlently located rooms for housekeeping;
gaa and bath; rent $12.
MISSIOX. 1522 — Housekeeping rooms; bafli
and gaa; private. - --
MISSION. 1735 — Fine furnished large front
sunny rooms for housekeeping; grate and gas
etove; $10.
MISSION. 1917— Large sunny sulta ; furnished
housekeeping: gas range; water; also str.gtg.
MARKET. 1437 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. :
MASON, 213% — Nicely furnished housekeeriag
roorre; rent reasonable: also other rooms.
MCALLISTER. 453. cor. Van Ncsa aye, — Nicely I
furnished connecting housekeeping . roomt;
rent reasonable. I
MCALLISTER. 769 — Large sunny housekeeping j
rooms; reasonable rates. I
MINNA. 231 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; also front and single rooms -v reas-
onable rates. * - . -
MISSION*, 79». cor. Fourth— l_rg« front house.
keeping rooms. \u25a0 '
MISSION. 823— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas for cooking. '
MISSION. 933 — Neatly furnished housekeeping ;
rooms; sunny; running water.
MISSIOX. 1015— Nicely furnished ho_*«keep-
lng rooms to let. ' ' \u25a0 j
MISSION. ISO3A. cor. Fourteenth— Nloely ft— -
nlshed front sunny bay-window rooms; home-;
ll)n ; baths.
NOB. 830, noar TwoEtj-_ird and Castro— C l Mm
housekeeping rooms, Tarnished; r ** B "J_^^
kitchen: rent lo— to right parties.' /**
OAK, 117. or 14 Page— Complete for house- J
keeping: $3 to $12: hot bath: laundry: adults. I
OCTAVIA, 1232— Nicely furnished sunny rooeas I
. for housekeeping; bath, gaa, phone; rent I
\u25a0\u25a0' reasonable. I
O'FARRELL. 726 (Alcalde)— Nloe a«~ \u25a0— in 7 I
apartments; furnished with modern Improve- I
menta; rent reduced. I
O'FARRELL, 1390— JWcely furnished, —may 1
rooms for housekeeping; paon* Geary 2859. ij
O'FARRELL. 665— Nicely furn— aed- sunny H
rooms; phone; grate, bath; also nloe parlor*. jg\
PAGE. 840 (oorner) — Nloely fumlabed room*. I
complete for housekeeping; tun all day; — •- (
sonable rental. $*!
POLK. 605— Housekeeping; 1 iar— », «fee_ .
room; folding bed: bath: ti_; phone; til. * ;
PERRY. 208. near Fourth — Furnished hros*4?fL
keeping rooms at reaaonable price— Mgl
POLK. 267. near McAllister— Nicely furnished* - j
bay-window suites; running water, paon*,iH
etc.; also good unfurnlehed tooths. ___!
PIXEL 1830— Comfortably furnished rooms EM
(modern, new flat); housekeeping or en sttlta. V
POLK. 1017 — Nice newly furnished rooms for W
housekeeping; running water, bath, phone. , j
POST, 962— Sunny front rooms, slngl* or «a \u25a0
suite, for housekeeping; also single room— \u25a0
PACIFIC. 1241 — Sunny furnished housekeeping I
rooms. ' \u25a0
PINE, 1340 — Furnished and u_farn— aed apart- I
meats to let. I
PINE, 1783 — Connecting housekeeping rooms; I
completely furnlah*^; reasonable. • I
PINE. IS3O. near Gough — ComfortjileT^SJU
housekeeping room*; kitchen; all modern co>tf
venlences. \u25a0 Ci|
POLK. 1715 (Baron-Stow ApartmentuV— Newly
furnished and unfurnished suites; $12 to $20
per month. -
SIXTH, 393 — Nloely fumlehed eunny bay win-
dow rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month. • - • ' -\ \u25a0' j
SIXTH. 436 Vi — Nicely furnished single, orj
double rooms complete for light housekeep-^
Ing; nice quiet family; rent very reasonable.;
SEVENTH. 154^ — Neatly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms wlta gaa and bath; $4 per week.
STEVENSON. 253 — Housekeeping rms.. $1 75 a
week: light rm. with aingle bed. $1 25 week.
SUTTER, 871— Ntcely furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping, either e— gla or al-
cove suites: sun all day. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 "
SUTTER. 2302— Elegantly furnished «u— 3 iff
suites for housekeeping; regular kltchaa;
phone; piano: reasonable. . .
STS-CI-'TON. 451— Nice front r©on_ for ligat
hov:?keeplng.
SUTTER. 871 — Nicely furnished ! housekeeping
rooms, single \u25a0or en suit*; sun all day.
SACRAMENTO. 1615 — Unfurnished sunny par-
• lors: water, gas. etc.
SACRAMENTO. 3013— New and elegantly fur-
nlshed rooms; every convr-'lence; reasonable.
SIXTH. 227— Nicely farrJs!»ed! rooms for
houseke^pnlg. •
STEINER. 1433 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
SACRAMENTO. 8303— Furnished, rooms; alsa
sunny housekeeping rooms; references. Phona
West 2153. \u25a0
SIXTH. 436H — Nicely furnished housakeeplsg
rooms, either double or single, la Quiet fam-
ily; rent very reasonable.
THIRD. 231 — Two clean housekeeping ralta*.
$10 to $20 month: single rooms, $2 week up. I
THIRD, 254 l» — Nice sunny hou«e!ieeplß<_k_-
rooms to let at reasonable rate*. -^9
TENTH! 162 — Nicely furnished sunny front!
rooms for housekeeping; suites $12 per month.
Single furnished rooms $6 per month. •\u25a0
THREE housekeeping rooms, one sunny anl
front; gas. bath, hot water: $13. Caul to-
day. 13S Fulton, near Van Ness aye.
THREE rooms, completely furnished for house-
• keeping, in cottage- separate from house;
large yard; piano included; convenient and
choice location; will rent for $23 per month.
Call 1225 Geary st. for particulars.
TURK. 802 — Nice and convenient furnished
rooms complete for honsekeepisgt gaa rasgew
water, etc.: reasonable rent.
TURK. 1159— Nice front suite for light hm«-
keeplng la new modern flat; also fine single !
. rooms at very reasonable rates; sing!* rooms
desirable for students who caa have board
If desired: nice quiet family. ' _______
TWENTIETH, 260»! cor! Valencia— -Nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; regular
kitchen. • '
TWENTY-FIRST. 8267 — Two •unity, front,
bay-window rooms; alcove, bath. -Apply 271
Lexington aye.
TAYLOR. 911 — 2 furn. rooms; gaa range, sink:
$11; 1 sunny room, gas ranga. $7 60 and $5.
THIRD. 167 — Complet?lT furnished housekeep-
ing rooms on frst floor, front; convenient;
gas range.
TURK. 10— Nicely furn— bed aoosekeepin*
rooms to Ut \u25a0 \u25a0
TURK, 265 — Sunny connecting rooms f*r
housekeeping; range; complete. $4 week.
TURK. 411 — Nice tiurmy furnished rooms;
housekeeping; piano, gas range, bata etc.;
$8 up. \u25a0 .
TUPvK. 525 (Solar) — Furnished and unfay^fli
niahed sunny suites; single rooms. 1 |!r?
TURK, 11K> — Nicely furnished suites complet*
for housekeeping; reasonable rates: newly
furnished flat .
VALENCIA. 1177 — A nice, sunny front room,
bath; connecting: regular kitchen; gas fre«;
rent $16. Call 12 m v to 6p. m. \u0084 . - . j
VAX NESS aye., 712— Nicely furnished aingle ;
rooms at $8 per month; also other rooms at I
reasonable rates.
VAN NES3 aye.. 819— Ntcely furnished 1 , sunny 1
rooms from ' $7 up per month, wlta or with- j
out housekeeping privileges. . |
VALENCIA. 70SH— Fine furnished rooms , for I
".light housekeeping; every convenience; sins'. \u25a0» 1
rooms; reasonable. .' «
VALLEJO. 1130. corner Leavenworth— Sunny l\
• outside furnished housekeeping rooms. J »j :
VAX NESS aye., 519— Nicely furnished, . sunny |
rooms from $7 up. with or without privllega 1
of housekeeping. - \u25a0
VALENCIA. 708^ — Elegantly furnished room* fl
for light housekeeping: gas range ;' runntns \u25a0
water. -. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
WEBSTER. 630— Nice furnished rooms, wtta 1
bath; rent reasonable. -I
WALLER. 71. nr. Octavia and Market— Nicely 1
furn. suite sunny room 3; new; fine view-. j
A BRAXCH offlca of The Call for the recep- I
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has 1
been opened at lO<>B Market st. osposlto I
Fifth. Open until 11 P- m. - I
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at 1
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church »ta. I
APARTM>aiTJO£SES. j
NEW, 4-story corner apartment-house; sunpr 1
• side; open for inspection aad reservation i\-4 1
"suites have modern kitchens; electric li&ti 1
etc. Apply 231 9th st. opp.; tel. Howard atwjjy I
A— KEXILWORTH. cor. Bush. Pow-Il— 3-room
sunny aparts.; single rooms; modern: teas, j
STTERLIX. 957. Hayes— 2 beautiful, sunny, 4- I
room apts.. unfur.; see them at once: $2a-s»<». I
ROSSWELL Apartments. 1360 Pine, near Hyde I
—2. 3 and 4 rooms, wi— 1 Data; sUa— beat, jROOMS TO IFT — Turn, and I'nfurn.
i Ajii'slV' UATHHYN.
4L.ri.sr Kliih and Leavenworth sis..
j In the heart c: the city.
// ;ao rooms; K« baths.
/ JioOrn in every detail.
/ littes *.i 10 $IS l*i' week.
lUtniK, wft'i wivate bath. $1 -lay.
Tovrist irsvel solicited.
Afc'HWOKTH HOTEL.
.TO Mason 51...s 1 ... wt. *-Jt*ary an.' OFarreU.
;.-.-o:i:s with or without pmaTe bath.
N*w e<s<3!ilcri Jus: completed: entire hcue*
:-.h i> i-enovairo . t-un in rooms all day.
ASH eve.. \u25a0.:. 'ie*f l*o!k— Plfasent. sunny
room; qui<t. rr!v»te family; t7; central.
.-BIiCNiWRK llo^f, US Sixth St.— Room*
25e to f\ y*t muht. $1 20 to J5 per week und
:.i.ht hout»"kf«"-rinjt rooms: open all nigh:.
. JUIOXU Housfr. iver Owi Drugstore: 2 en-
tranoes. lUW Mai iici tnd HI Turk — Electric
i.fchts nsrnlnjs ««tcr in .-very room- 20i)
\u25a0r-oms: 25c to :*)? y, r n^ht. Si -J5 to j4 week.
UCSH. oT4 (The fc mei)— Fine furnished gunny !
roonm by th- «Jay. week or month; cen-
\u25a0rai'i' located.
L.I FH. ?JS— Newly furnished sunny rooms to
let: rurnrg water, baths, etc.; rent reduced-
fc.-^rd '.'. «icaired.
i*rSH. 2SUI) — Nicety furnished rooms suitable
for two or t))re« gentlemen: tunny an-J
nirm+ant: rea» naljV.
\u25a0niTON Hotil. ll£C. Howard «.— lOO roo.T.s.
:;-" li-.i!fre; mnt>r:i: ?1 115 to $:> per wt-ek.
i.I'FH. 931 — N>iccl>- furnished rooms: sumy '
convenient: rur.r.lns water: bath; private
'•case; location select.
L TSH. 32* (Elmer)— Nicely furnished sunny
r^omr; convenient; by day, week or month;
-ates reasonable.
BUSH, 643— Fine furnished rooms, with prl-
v t '*i i ; very d « lra bie and convenient;
*!ftrlc and csi eulte.
524— Xlcely furnished rooms to let"-
..& \u25a0wsonabie.
'iVHTANT. 2C2l— Neat furnished rooms to let;
f-. \r r-lr -l reasonable.
."ftIADY. <2. off Market, near Twtlfth— Newly
.cm'.sh<?a funny rooms; new upper flat; gents.
HVCHANAN, S2S, cor. Fu'.ton— New. elegantly
furnished front rooms; bath; breakfast if de"-
tlrfd: rent tv» and Sl2 per month.
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Sunny front furnished
rooms to let; all new.
CALIFORNIA. 151&— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms $5 and *3 per month; running water,
EM. rhO3<*. tic.
CALIFORNIA. 3012 — Completely furnifhed
nice runny rooms, elnele or en eulie; terms
reasonable.
CENTRAL aye., 730-734. mar McAllister—
pegiiu sunny parlors at J2 50 rer week;
oath, laundry, closets, phone, piano.
CAp P. r>4C— Fine furnished rooms to let; mod-
ern conveniences.
CITY HALL aye., S3— Neatly furnished rooms;
r^Rt reasonable.
CLARA. 2"C"i — Neatly furnished rooms to let-
reasonable.
CLAY, lestl. near Poik — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to let.
CAPP. 24S— Sur.ny furnished rooms; running
ftter: gas ar.d bath.
CALIFORNIA. 23C4— Sunny front rooms; $10
TT 1; >I 2 for 2; hct and cold water.
CALIFORNIA. 1284. cor. Leavenwcrth— Single
or double sunny rooms; {7 and $9.
DEVISADERO. 1814— Nicely furnished sunny
rtas.; up-to-date flat; private family; reas.
EEDY, 33o — Nicely furnishtd front rooms; also
other*; very convenient; hot and cold water;
'b5*'DY. 87S — A modern flat: newly furnished; 2
ft- „ room euite; slng'e rooms; beautiful house-
keepSiut rooms; plenty or light and sunshine.
ELLIS. 323 — Eifgant rurnlshed suites with
bath: reasonable ratt-£; single rooms %2 60
week and d>.
KI.T.IS. 777 < Hotel Jerome) — Newly opened;
ele^Bntly furbished ringle rooms and suites;
•private bathe and all modern conveniences:
special rates *'H« be given tourists.
EUREKA. 3C*V— Neatiy furnished rooms to let;
r*-atonab'.e rent.
EDDY. CIS— Sunny, well furnished and bath;
suitable 2: also single; can have meals reas.
EDDY, 871 — Snjall room, nicely furnished; $5.
•fhoner Kast 1174. ~'^ ' ,-S
ELEVENTH. 21— Furnished cr unfurnished
roonif; sun all day-, references.
!-iLLIS, 1227— liocn-.s newly furnished, single
end cr. suite; private house; good location.
ICI>DY. 1 IS— Pleasant newly furnished single
room*; tUo housekeeping rooms from $S per
month ur>.
liI>DY, NT!« — Modern i-ooms, newly furnished; 2
or 3 room gulte?; *ir.g-!e rooms and beautiful
Ijousekee-ping rooms; plenty of light and sun-
shine.
ELLIS, lb — Rjoms, rooms, rooms, by day,
week or mentto.
ELLIS. 4CS <Aecot)— Fine downtown house; all
rooms light and airy; modern and up-to-date
conveniences; ?12 per month and up.
EDDY. 118 — Newly furnished elngle and house r
keepiTig rooms; $S and up.
EDDY. "GSi — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
single or suites; bath: phone; also housekeep-
ing rooms; rent very reasonable.
.EAST. 210, between Howard and Folsom— Fur-
nished rooms to let.
EDDY. 3 — Choice furnished rooms In central
location; tfl\ conveniences; reasonable.
EDDY. 332 — Nice sunny rooir.s to let; also
for light housekeeping.
XyDT. 773 — Furnished rooms; front and back
• parlor: rent reasonable.
KILBERT. C 44 — Lergf, front, furnished room;
Kai% bath, phone; sunny.
FOLSOM. 1124 H— Neatly furnished, large,
sunny room euitabi« for two gentlemen.
FIFTH, 4.% — Clean and nice cingle rooms, $1
i*r we*k.
FIFTEENTH. 1927— Furnished room; private
family.
FOLSOM. ISD5 — Nicely furnished rooms, all
new. with gas and bath, from SI '0 week up.
FULTON. 231 — Single roome; all lmproTe-
ir.*r.ts; gentlemen; walking distance Market.
FOURTH, 15C (Earlwood) — Furnished rooms to
let by the day, week or month.
FVLTON. 025 — Nicely fumlfehfed rooms With
all conveniences.
GEARY. 376 — Room* to let; eir.gle. double and
»t. suite; rents reasonable.
GKAHY, 057. near Jones — Nicely furnished
tingle and double rooms to let; rent reason-
able; walking dictance.
GEARY. €00 — Lanre light sunny furnished front
rocros; other rooms; UD&er flat.
GUERRERO. SIS — Two unfurnished housekeep-
lng rooms; one front alcove.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 428— Nicely furnished.
currsy room.
GEARY. 376 — :>Mcelv furnished rooms to let
st reasonable rates.
GEARY. 4W> — Pleasant and choice furnished
rooms to let: reasonable.
GEARY. NH — New management; single and
g^ accbl* rooms t6 let.
SjjKy:Aßy. S31 — Nicely furnished suite Of front
also single rooms. -
GEARY. C 60 — Large sunny pleasant rooms to
let; use of Diano.
GEARY. 7T7 (Corona)— Choice rooms to let:
all modern conveniences.
42EARY. IC&S— N*wly furnished rooms; use of
kitchen if desired.
GEARY. 135&— Furnished rooms with every
convenience; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE a\-e.. 120C — Sunny, newly fur-
r.lthrd rooms, fC and upward; gentlemen pre-
ferred. _^^^_^__________________
UEaRY, 847 — Fln<\ furnished, convenient, sun-
ny room*: running water, bath, etc.. from $S
r»-r month vp.
•JEARY 12S3 — Nicely furnished and unfur-
rJshed room*: bath, phone; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 442— Nice, clean, quiet,
sunny rncme, $5 up.'
GOLDEN OATE aye., 442— Nice, sunny rooms,
ciecn and <juiet: roonwi f5 and up.
CIUNT aye., 20— Nicely rurnished, centrally I
located rooms to let.
GROVE, 21&— Newly furnlehed rooms to let;
good locetlon.
r-EABT, 73G— $7 up; sunny, furnished, clean,
single and double; gentlemen; walking dls-
tance.
HAIGHT. 60S— Nice sunny rooms; tli^le or
«i suite. ____^_^______^____
HICKORY aye.. 251— Completely furnished
rcomt to let.
HOTEL Hsmiltcn and cafe, 125 Ellis, bet.
Powell & Mason sts.., E. F.— Kn?.s *l to (3 per
iflay: «te«m heat & telephone In each room.
yj^pE, 810. near gutter — Large, furnished
IJBfxn: fS a month.
™VI'ARD, IlBoVJ— Sunny housekeeping rooms,
} or 3; bath, stationary washtubs; reason-
Jabte. '
HAIGHT. 592. corner . Devisadcro— Nicely fur-
nished, sunny, front rooms; »S end 919 rer
ROOMS TO LET-t-tni. and^ gnjarj*.
HOWARD. 715— Rooms, 25c to 51| per day;
51 50 to S3 per week; reading-room, etc.
HAVES, l<n)4 — Sunny, front rooms; 56 to 58 per
month; board If desired.
HAIGHT, 10S— Pleasant, nunny, furnished
roams to let; reasonable.
HAMPTON place, IS— Nicely furnished roums
to let.
HARRISON. CC9— Neatly furnished rooms to
let: convenient.
HARRISON. 1443— Furnished rooms to let;
good conveniences; moderate.
HAWTHORNE. S— Nice furnished rooms; loca-
tlon rood; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 525 — Furnished rooms to let: rent
very reasonable.
HOWARD. 733— Centrally located; pleasant
furnished rooms to let.
HAIGHT, 592,. corner Devlsadero — Sunny front
rooms, tingle or en suite.
HAIGHT,. C 25. near Fillmore — Sunny, furnished
rooms; running water; also single roome;
reasonable; new flat.
HOWARD. 734 Mt— Nicely furnished rooms to
let; reasonable rental. •
HOWARD. 15.13— Nicely furnished rooms from
?<> rer month up.
HOWARD. IS::2— Nice, convenient, furnished I
rooms to let.
HYDE. 318— Finely furnished sunny front I
rooms; also side rooms : rent reasonable. !
HAVES. IC94 — Nica sunny rooms; 56 to $S;
board if desired.
HAIGHT, 892— Nice eunny rooms; single or
en suite.
JONES. 1316 — Two fine sunny unfurnished
rooms: reasonable.
JONES, 1223— Fine furnished sunny rooms,
with excellent marine view; references re-
quired.
JONES. 1223 — Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, with fine marine view; corner resl-
dtnee; references required.
JACKSON. 100SH— Nice furnished rooms to
let: all conveniences; reasonable. ,' '
JACKSON. 1072— Nicely furnished rooms to
let; references.
JONES. 100— Centrally located furnUhed rooms
to let; moderate rental.
JONES. 609— Nicely furnished rooms; good lo-
cation; Ell conveniences; reasonable.
JONES. 953 (Mlgnon) — Elegantly furnished
apartments: all modern conveniences; up-to-
; date suites or single rooms.
KEARNY, 238 (The Adeline)— Fine parlor
suite; gentleman, lady or couple; by day.
week or month: other choice rooms from
$1 50 per week and up.
KEARNY, 3C5 — Nicely furnished rooms; also
rooms for light housekeeping; gas, bath.
LARKIN. &I9Vi — Nice, single, sunny, front
room; very reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 820, near Sutter— Nice fur-
nlshed rooms at reasonable rates; single or
en suite.
LOVELY rooms; some housekeeping; Dwlghf
way; house strictly high grade; Key Route
sta. W. S. Joy, 2122 Dwight way, Berkeley.
LAFAYETTE. 8 near Mission, bet. Eleventh
ana Twelfth — Sunny furnished alcove and
other small rooms; reasonable rates; quiet
family. '
LINDEN ave^, 344 — Nlc*, pleasant furnished
rooms to let; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 811, near Sutter— Nlcely
furnished sunny front and other rooms for
gentlemen; close to town.
LARKIN. 1122— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
56 to 512 per month.
LARKIN. 1410— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for gentlemen; phone and bath; 57 and 510
per month.
LINDEN aye., 169. near Van "Ness — Furnished
rooms; rent 55 month up.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third 6t. — iOO
single and family rooms, 35e to 51 50 per
day; 52 to 58 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor: hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its guests.
MISSION. S23 — Sunny furnished rooms, 51 50
per week up.
MISSION. 823 — Nicely furnished, sunny room;
51 50 per week.
MISSION, 1303. near Ninth— Furnished front
rooms, bath; every accommodation. ;
McALLISTER. 651— Newly furnished eunny
rooms; single or double; $7 and 58 50 month.
MISSION, 2224 — Nicely furnlehed rooms to let
in Mission warm belt. -
MONTGOMERY. 121 — Nice, pleasant sunny
furnished rooms.
MONTGOMERY aye., 220 — Nicely furnished
rooms to let. *
MOSS, 12 — Pleasant furnished rooms to let;
moderate rental.
MISSION-, 1005 — Furnished rooms to let by
the Cay, week or month.
MISSION. 1038 — Nicely furnlehed rooms with
all conveniences.
MARKET. 1505 — Neatly furnished convenient
rooms to let.
MARY. 28, near Fifth — Nice sunny furnished
front room to let.
McALLISTER. 443. bet. Polk and Van Ness
»ye. — Nice, newly furnished rooms to let, 56
to JS per month.
McALLISTER, 671— Nicely furnished rooms;
good location: reasonable.
McALLISTER. 1178— Nice furnished rooms to
let; reasonable rent.
MCALLISTER. 443. bet. Polk and Van Ness —
gloely furnished sunny rooms; 51 60 week.
MASON. 407 — Fine furnished rooms to let;
convenient and central.
MASON 612 — Nice, light, airy, sunny rooms;
running water; all conveniences; rent mod-
erate.
MASON. 012— Fine furnished rooms to let;
all conveniences; reasonable.
MARTHA place. 5. off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— Furnished rooms; light housekeeping
if desired.
MISSION. 823 (Century)— Elegantly furnished
rooms to let; reasonable. _^
MISSION. 867— Neatly furnished rooms to let;
location central.
MISSION, 01H4 — Furnished rooms to let; con-
venlent; moderate charges.
MISSION, C 94 (Esmond)— Nicely furnished
rooms: transient or by week or month.
MISSION, 1309. near Ninth— Newly furnished
front rooms; bath; every t accommodation.
NATOMA. 317. off Howard court— l or 2
rooms, furnished or unfurnished ; gas, bath.
NINTH. 377 — Completely furnished neat rooms
to let; reasonable. — .
O'FARRELL 875— Nice neat furnished rooms
to let: also other rooms for light house-
keeplnn If desired. ,
O'FARRELL. 532 (Dolores) — Elegant furnished
eunny suites and single rooms; all modern
conveniences, elevator, etc.; reasonable rates.
O'FARRELIa 427 — Neatly furnished rooms; all
conveniences: centrally located.\ \u25a0
O'FARRELL, 362 — Newly furnished, front,
eunny suite, with bath; 535.
OLIVE aye.. MS, near Octavia — Nicely fur-
nishrd sunny rooms, with bath and phone;
rent reasonable; half block from cars.
O'FARRELL. 317%— Fine furnished rooms;
neat, clean and sunny; phone, etc.; %2 50 per
week and up.' '
O'FARRELL 730 (The Lorraine)— Front sun-
ny rooms. $12 and 515 per month; hot water.
electric lights. ;
O'FARRELL, 416— Choice furnished rooms;
convenient; central.
O'FARRELL, ' 504— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; running water In every room; cen-
trally located: reasonable. j * \u25a0 .*
O'KARRELL, 515, near Jones (St. # George)—
Newly furnished sunny rooms; single and
en suite; reasonable. .
O'FARRELL, BCs— Pleasant eunny rooms to
let: walking distance. •-. -
O'FARRELL. 908 — Nicely furnished rooms, 56,
JS and 510 per month; phone, yas and bath.
OAK 609 — Large, tunny front rooma; running
•Rater; private family; board If desirable.
OCTAVIA 316 — Small, sunny rooms; suitable
for lady or gentleman: housekeeping; privl-
lere of phone; gas and bath. \u25a0
POST 217— Rooms to let, Bingle and en suite,
nicely . furnished; very convenient to busi-
ness center. . ;
POLK, C 22 — Large, unfurnished back parlor.
POST. 1528— Furnished rooms with every con-
venience; reasonable rates.
POWELL. 121— Completely furnished rooms;
all conveniences; transient,
POWELL. 230 (Hotel Kyle)— Choice furnished
rooms: Bingle or en suite. ,-, - -
PRDSIDIO aye.. 734— Nicely furnished rooms
to let; rates reasonable. *
POST. »68 — Neatly furnished comfortable
room*; sunny, bath, etc; rest cheap..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905:
ROOMS TO LET— Fprn. and ' Unfnrn.-
POWELL. 239— Nice furnished sunny front
rooms single or en suite; gas grate, . . bath,
running water.
POST. 1997. corner Steiner— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms, with t ard if desired;
also choice housekeeping rooms; bath; phone.
PACIFIC aye., 71G — Nicely furnished large
sunny front rooms with use of parlor; board
if desired. .
PINE, 1025 — Very fine, sunny, newly furnished
rooms; bath; gentlemen preferred.
PINE, 912 — Fine furnished rooms; all* con-
veniences; reasonable. ' •
POLK. 1243 — Furnished sunny rooms to let,
$1 25. $1 50 week; gas; phone.
POST, 412>4 — Handsome furnished rooms; bay-
window parlors; water; use kitchen if de-
slred. '
POST. 0C2 — Large Bunny furnished front rooms
suitable for two; also single rooms; rtason-
able. \u25a0
RIO VISTA HOTEL, 253 Third et.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite end single; rates by day, 35c
up; by week. $2 up; baths free to guests. .
SCTTER, 381 (Larchmont)— Fine furnished
rooms with all modern conveniences: elevator
all night: $3 per week and up: transient.
STEVENSON. 707%— Fine furnished single
rooms from $1 25 per week; private house.
SEVENTEENTH. 4039— Newly furnished room
in private family, for gentleman. . : *
SUTTEJR, 1643— Newly furnished large pleasant
rooms in new flat; use of kitchen If de-
slrtd; reasonable.
BUTTER. 007— Beautifully furnished sunny
rooms; single and en euite; from 53 to $4 50
per week. . * '
SHOTWELL, 16S— Furnished rooms to let in
pleasant neighborhood.
ETEUART. 95— Furnished rooms to l«t at very
reasonable rates. '
STEVENSON, 535H — Nicely furnished rooms
to let: reasonable. • - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' -
SUTTER, 717— Fins furnished rooms to let;
modern and convenient. * \u25a0 \u25a0
SUTTER. 88*— Nicely furnished rooms In pri-
vate family; clerks preferred; reasonable
rates.
SACRAMENTO, 1105 — Nicely furnished rooms
to let; all conveniences. '
SANCHEZ. 1514^ — Furnished rooms to let;
quiet neighborhood.
SEVENTH. 154^ — Choioa furnished rooms to
let; also' housekeeping rooms.
SEVENTH. 179— Nice large front furnished
rooms to let.
SEVENTH. 229 — Nice, convenient furnished
rooms to let; reasonable ratea.
SEVENTH, 250 — Nicely furnished rooms; pri-
vate board if desired.
SHIPLEY. 211— Neatly furnished rooma to let;
rent moderate. \u25a0C**: : V-
TURK, 204— rFlne furnished large tunny rooms
to let; running water; good location: $1 75
per week and up. •
THE ADEIyINE, 23S Kearny st. — N"icely fur-
nished rooms; gas, running- water; reasonable.
TWELFTH. Ill — Nice convenient furnished
rooms to let at reasonable rates.
TURK. 1150, near Buchanan — Outside sunny
furnished rooms for 1 or 2 gents; reasonable;
private. _^
TAYLOR, 504 — Nice furnished rooms: also
rooms for light housekeeping.
TAYLOR, 615— Newly furnished rooms with
l>ot and cold water; elegant sujtes; baths
free. ; '
TEHAMA, 49 — Convenient and nicely furnished
rooms to let; reasonable.
TEHAMA, 74 — Nice furnished rooms to let;
reasonable rates.
THE IDYL, 1542 Market — New building, new
furniture, new management, hot and cold
water, return call bells and electric lights;
suites and single rooms, with or without
private bath; elevator; rates $2 50 per week
and up.
THIRD, 75 — Furnished rooms to let.
TURK. 517 — Nice furnished rooms to let. at
reasonable rates.
TURK, 1159 — Nice sunny front parlors to let
in newly furnished flat; suitable for young
men or 6tudents; board if desired; other
rooms very reasonable.
TURK, 1627 — Nice furnished rooms to let In
choice locality; reasonable. . / •
UNION, 1074 — Nicely furnished, convenient
rooms to let. ;
UNION", 1000 — Choice furnished rooms to let;
rental reasonable. • . • ,
VAN NESS aye.. 1415— Front room, suitable
for lady or eentleman. .-\u25a0 .
VAN NESS aye.. 631— Nicely furnished large
sunny rooms to let; walking distance; reas.
VAN NESS, 1107 — Two eunny, furnished rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 850 — Fine sunny front rooms;
hot ar.d cold water; use of parlor; good board
If desired.
VALENCIA. 884— Neatly furnished rooms to
let; all conveniences; on car line.
VALLEJO. 731 — Furnished rooms to let.
VAN NESS aye.. 411D — Elegantly furnished
sunny corner rooms; rent reasonable; refer-
ences required.
VAN NESS aye.. 1421 — Sunny front suite; fire-
place. running water; private family. >:\u25a0.•-; * '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
WASHINGTON. 1406, corner Leavenworth —
Nicely furn. rms; select family: marine view.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — tOO
rooms, 35c to 51 night, 11 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read-room; free bug, baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable, 700 rooms,
35c to $1 50 nightly, 52 to 58 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, cor. 6th and Howard — No better
transient house in city; ruoms 15c to 50c
per night; 90c to $3 per week. '
WEBSTER, 1160, cor. Eddy— Elegant newly
furnished royns to let; reasonable.
YERBA BUENA, 28^-Furnlshed rooms to let
at moderate rental. '• - \u25a0
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S . Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open -until 11 p. m. .-*.\u25a0-. -rt
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE MAISON TENCE,
C4O Geary et.
This' new private boarding-house has been
opened by Mine. Tence, formerly of 453 Ellis
st., and will be conducted as a strictly flrst-
class house; fine sunny suites and single
rooms; students especially will here find home
comforts; very best of French table board;
most reasonable rates.
VAN NESS aye., 800. cor. Eddy (The Alta
Vista) — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
with excellent table board; reasonable rates.
PINE. 977 (Hotel Hatton)— Elegant sunny
suites and Elngle rooms; nice marine view;
best of table board: special rates will be
given permanent guests; walking distance of
business center. .
HOTEL REPELIE-R. 781 Sutter— Nicely fur-
nished suites or single rooms; with or with-
out board; rates for two $45 per month and
up: for one £20 per month and upward; lo-
catlon of the best. : *
WELLESLEY HOTEL, 1433 California st.— \
New management; newly furnished and com-
pletely renovated; b»;igle rooms and suites;
strictly flrst-class family hotel; excellent
board. . : . ' \u25a0\u25a0 -.
EDDY, 1178 (The Plaza), opposite Jefferson
square — Fine furnished sunny, suites; also
single rooms; table board excellent; nice
quiet neighborhood; all home comforts; rates
reasonable. ' . ; \u25a0 -:
EDDY. 830 (Hotel Garland)— Newly: furnished
suites; modern and up-to-date; single : rooms ,
and private baths; excellent table board;
reasonable rates. - * * \u25a0 \u25a0
MISSION, 2576 — Nice sunny room: running
water: suitable for young lady attending
school who wishes to st^y in city, during
school -days. ! . . - . : \u25a0' l "•':
BUSH, 736 (Hotel Bertling)— Nice sunny front-
room suite for two with board, 550 and. up;
single ?30 and up. ' '
CALIFORNIA. 1350-^Nlcely furnlehed rooms
and board In good Spanish family; American'
and Spanish cooking; references. ! : •
EDDY, 404 (The Marlborough)— Fine furnished
rooms, with board; walking distance to busi-
ness section. - : ". .
EDDY. 722— Nicely: furnished rooms -with all
comforts of home; convenient; German cook-
Ing: reasonable rates.:, . ';\u25a0.:
HYDE, 612 A —Newly furnished . rooms In; nice,
quiet family; good table -bo^rd with , home
cooking; plnßle $22 50 per month; for, two 5*3.'
GEARY 054— Nicely -furnished \u25a0 front rooms In
new, modern flat; rooms all' sunny; -board' if
desired ; terms moderate. ' \u0084 ; ' / \u25a0 .
GOLDEN GATE ' aye., : 1031 — Fine - furnished
sunny rooms, .with \u25a0: good board; T bath ; 5 $22;
two, $30 p«r month. : : I
HOWARD, 841 A —Nicel y-, f urnlshed : -', sunny
rooma with American family: 55 per week;
: . home cboklns*.*.''-. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
LIBERTY, 30 — Fine furnished single or double
rooms:' hot; and cold water; bath; excellent
\u25a0 table board. . \V"
McALLISTER,' 612— -Nice sunny -: rooms, with
excellent table, board: 'home cooking:, for 1, ;
$22 50; 2. $40 and 545; good location., . .*..:.;
NEATLY furnished rooms; private . family;
board optional; modern Improved; reasonable. 1
RCS Eddy st. ' - :. :
O'FARREIaL, 553— Nice sunny front rooms;
running water; bath; suitable for two; "Ger-
man home cookinc. . •.
PINE. 899 (Hotel Oliver)— Nicely furnished
suites or single roome, with excellent \u25a0 table
board. / r '- \u25a0- ..•*'\u25a0'
PINE, 10S8 — Fine furnished sunny corner
suite; also single rooms,- with excellent table
board; in private family; references. ,
PINE, 1101 (Hotel Stewart) — Elegantly fur-
nlshed large rooms; double or single: best
of . table board. . ' -
POWELL. 828 (The Hedges)— Fine furnished
large sunny rooms: strictly flrst-class; best
. of board from $22 50 per month and up.
ROOM and board In private family; Protestant;
2 for 545. Apply bakery.. NW. corner Hayes
and Webster els.
SEVENTH. 252 — Nice, newly furnished sunny
rooms, with or without board; t everything
flrst-claEs; new house.
SUTTER, 905— Newly furnished apar/Nints
Just opened; convenient, desirable ani( Jom-
' modlous: excellent table board. ( _
THE CROCKER, Pine and ' Leavenworth — Sin-
gle rooms at low rates; one suite with grate
and bath. . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0 ; \u25a0 ) '-:
TURK, 1159 — Nicely furnished rooms In " new
modern flat, with table board if desired; also
nice front parlor suite. *• -'. - :
VAN NESS aye., 503 (Hotel McAllister) — Ele-
gant furnished suites; private bathe; fine
table board; good location. •„
VAN NESS and Geary (Hotel Martinet) — Nice-
ly ' furnished rooms, ' single or en suite; ex-
cellent board; special rates.
EDDY, 732 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms ;
good table board: home cooking.
EDDY, 865 — Nicely furnished rooms In private
family; modern improved flat: reas. rates.-
FRANKLIN, 1453 — Nicely furnished rooms,
with board, from 515 to 525 per month.
GEARY, 640 (Maison Tence)— Fine front
suites; splendid French table board: reas.
LARKIN, 1122— Nice furnished rooms; new
management; good board; 520 per month. -
O'FARRELL, 1453 — Nice front room in private
Jewish family, with board for 1 or 2 gents.
PACIFIC aye., 1716 — Nice comfortable large
sunny front rooms; use of parlor: good board.
POWELL, . 602 — Very large sunny corner room
for 2 or 3 persons; also single; reasonable.
TABLE board, 57 per week; home cooking.
405 Sutter at. - "
CHEAPEST and best In Am-erlca— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to apy address In the
United States or Canada one year for 51.
RAZORS.
BUY HIM ONE FOR CHRISTMAS.
I carry one of the largest and most select
lines of razors In the city. I offer a special
razor at 51 and 51 CO that cannot be duplicated
for the money.
\u25a0 Jordan, Henckel and Stiletto Razors at $2;
corn parers 75c; .hair clippers, 51 up.
* SAFETY RAZORS.
A Safety Razor for Christmas would be a
nice and useful present. I carry all the best
ones.
Star Safety Razor, regular 52; my spe-
cial price ,- $1 SO
Extra blades 1 00
Gillette Safety Razor, with 12 blades, re-
quiring no honing or stropping 5 00
12 extra blades 1 00
Ever-ready Safety Razor, 24 blades...... 5 00
Extra 12 blades 1 00
Yankee Safety Razor 1 60
Gem Safety Razor .... 1 50
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. Pitts, the Stationer.
1008 Market St.. San Francisco.
RAZ<sft- STROPS.
A carefully selected assortment in all the
best materials, from 25c up.
Star Safety Strops. $1 00
Star Stropping Machines 51 CO tnd 52 60
Razors Honed and Ground. Honing 25c
THAT MAN .PITTS.
100S Market- st. 1 ; San Francisco.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.,
San. Francisco, December 29, 1905— At a reg-
ular meetins: of the Board of Directors of
this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
half (3%) per cent per annum on all depos-
its for the six months ending December 31,
1905, free from all taxes, and oayable on
and after January 2, 1906.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
THE DEBENTURE SURETY COMPANY has
declared and will pay its regular monthly
dividend for December (No." 29) of 5 cents
per share, and it ha» also declared an extra
holiday dividend of 5 cents . per share, both
payable January 2, 1900, at the office of
the company, Rlalto building. San Francisco,
Cal. J. E. KERR. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice, German Savings and Loan
Society, 626 California EL—^For the half year
ending Dec. 31, 1905, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday,
Jan. 2, 1906. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of Interest
\u25a0 as the principal from Jan. 1, 1906. GEORGE
TOURNY, Secretary. ,
DIVIDEND notice — Italian-American Bank,
460 Montgomery St., cor. Sacramento — For
the half year ending December 31, 1905, a
dividend has been declared on all savings de-
posits at the rate of 3 00-100 per cent per
annum, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 2. ' 1906. Dividends not
called for are added to and bear the same
rate of Interest as the principal. A. E
SBARBORO, Cashier. '
DIVIDEND notice— Humboldt .Savings Bank.
626 Market. St., opp. Palace Hotel — For the
half year ending December 31,' 1905,'- a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and sixty one-hundredths (3.60) per cent per
annum oh deposits, free of all taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday, January/ 2, 1908.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier. /
DIVIDEND notice — Security Savings Bank,
316 Montgomery st. — For the half year end-
ing December 30, 1905, dividends upon all
deposits at the rate of three and one-half
(3 &) per cent per annum, , free of taxes, will
be payable on and after January 2, 1906.
FRED W. RAY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice. — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery st., corner of Sutter, -has
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember 31. 1905. at the rate of three and
one-half (3%) .per cent per annum, on all
deposits, free .of taxes, - and payable on and
after January 2, 1906. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of
Interest as principal. EDWIN BONNELL,
cashier. \u25a0. : *;.\u25a0'* .
DIVIDEND Notice, California Safe Deposit and
Trust Co... corner California and Montgomery
Ets. For the six "months ending. December
31, 1905, dividends have been declared on the
deposits In the savings department of this
comoa ny . as follows : On term , deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits, at the rate of 3% per
cent t>er annum.' free of taxes, and Dayable
on and after Tuesday, January 2, 1906. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manaser. V
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian-American Bank.
460 Montgomery st., corner Sacramento and
Montgomery sts. For me half year . ending
December 81, 1905. , a dividend has been de-
clared on all savings deposits at the 'rate of
3 60-100 per cent per annum, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday. January 2,
1906. : Dividends not called for are added to
. and : bear the same rate of interest as the
- principal. - . A. E. SBARBORO, , Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. Mechanics' Savings Bank,
143 Montgomery \u25a0 st., corner. Bush — For. the
: half year ending December 31, IUOS, a dlvi-
' dend has : been •\u25a0 declared on - alii savings de-
posits, free of taxes, at the rate of three and
\u25a0 one-half (3%) per cent per annum,- payable^
on and after Tuesday, 7 January 2, r 11)00. Divi-
dends not 'called for are added to and -bear
the same rate of interest as principal. Inter-
est paid from date of deposit.'
:*; ; .JNO. U. CALKINS, Cashier. !'
DIVIDEND- NOTlCE— Mutual- Savings Bank
of San> Francisco. 710 Market st.— For the
half-year ending December 31. ,1905, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of : three
and 'one-half (3%) per • cent . per annum on
all'*-. deposits,-., .-compounding seml-annually
free > of, taxes. ; and payable on. and after
Tuesday, January 2. 1906.
r GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice, San Francisco Savings
*' Union," 632 California St., cor.' Webb— For the
half year ending with Dec; 31, ,1905, a dlvl-
. dend < has •\u25a0 been . declared at the rates per an-
num of three and six-tenths (3 0-10) per cent
\u0084 en term : deposits - and : ; three 7 and - one-third
.(8 1-8) i per cent on . ordinary ; deposits, ; . free of
taxes, \u25a0 payable • on '-\u25a0 and after . Tuesday, Jan.
" 2,, 1906-. LOVELL .WHITE. \u25a0 cashier. .:
THE Central ; Trust Company, 1 of : California, \u25a0 42
\u25a0Montgomery 'st., coroer^of ' Sutter— For: the
'..half, year: ending December 31, ,1905," a'dlvl-"
dend :has; been . declared ;on the- deposits -'in
: the; savings department > of .this bank as fol-
lows :\u25a0 On* term deposits at the rat» of 3 6-10
per cent per annum and on ordinary deposits
at the rate of 3%. per cent per. annum,,. pay-
able on and • after Tuesday.^ January 2, 1800.
HENRY. BRUNNER,; CasUerv _.;-• *
DIVIDEXD >' OTICjBS— Co-ntlnncd. \
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK.* 1 315 : Montgomery
6t.; for the half year ending Dec. 31, 1905,
a dividend has been declared- at. the rate of
:. three, and' one-half ; (3%) per cent, per an-.
num on. all deposits, • free of taxes, payable
on or after • January 2, 1906. LEON BOC-
: QUERAZ,- Secretary. V X" \u25a0\u25a0. '\u25a0-:-
' . -.^ ..^ j-n 'j^GA^^ J^TICES.
NOTICE of Consolidation of Mechanics' Insti-
tute and ' Mercantile : Library. Association
. Notice : is hereby, giverv. to all whom it may
' concern that immediately . cfter the expira-
tion of one month from the date of the first
publication of this notice the above named
corporations . purpose to consolidate . all of
their and ; each of their debts, property, as-
sets ; and franchises into one corporation, to
;be known ; and styled Mechanics' Institute.
Dated Dec. 26, 1905. Mechanics' Institute,
by Rudolph J. Tausslg, president; Joseph ' M.
Cumming, secretary. Mercantile Library As-
sociation, by D. E. v Miles, president; C. K.
Bonestell.' secretary pro tern.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PUBLIC Library examinations — Competitive
examinations for positions. -on the Hat of
eligibles from which appointments -to the
staff of the Public Library will be made will
be held on Saturday, January 13, 1906. Per-
sons desiring to take these examinations must
make application on or before January 10,
at the of flco of the secretary of the library.
City Hall, where further particulars may be
learned. Applicants under the- rules are re-
qulred to be between ages of 18 and 35 years.
STUTTERING^ AND STAMMERING.
NORCROSS Institute cures stammering; new,
scientific., complete. Office. Market & Taylor.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding Invitations, visiting & busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan, 126 Kearny. rs. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Manuel Williams 22, Oakland, and Anna F.
Rone, 21, Mission San Jose.
Ernest Guerin, 45, 435 Bush street, and Ma-
rie J. Malaolate. 36, 111 Jones street.
Richard H. Gatlss. 32, 165 Ninth street, and
Nellie C. Fitzgerald. 32, 165 Ninth street.
\u25a0 Everett M. Hurd, 37, Toledo, Ohio, and
Ruby A. Phelps, 25, city.
Louis German, 50, 231 Seventh street, and
Pauline Sanders, 49, 231 Seventh street.
William Orelll, 26, Lotus, Cal., and Laura
A. Hughes. 23, Pleasant Valley, Cal.
. Isaac Carcass, 49, 3006 Twenty-fourth St.,
and Marie A. Mullen, 42. 3006 24th st.
Jacob Adelstein, 29, 2321 Folsom street, and
Mac F. Ernst, 23, 2321 Folsom street.
Walter C. Carpenter, 26, San Luis Obiupo,
and Georgea M. Martin, 19, 1135 Bush street.
Auguste Luberline. 26, 501 Geary street, and
Marte Pericou, 19, city.
Joseph Parento. 26, 2193 Powell street, and
Theresa Valensolo, 22, 1423% Kearny street.
Alcide Froldevaux, 21, Colma, and Augusta
E. Kllbschon, 18, Colma.
Paul Kennedy, 53, 800 Kearny street, and
Sadie Brownell 43, 800 Kearny street.
Frank Balssa, 27. 1314 Stockton street, and
Bertha Panzie, 28, 1314 Stockton street.
Henry W. Neubert. 26, 190 Douglass street,
and Pauline Frey, 24, 116 Dorland street.
Henry B. Vldelin. 41, 1276 Mission street,
and Rachel J. Dosser, 19, city.
Giuseppe Daurelio, 26, Selby, and Filomena
dl Ritis, 19. 1210 Kearny street.
, Rudolph H. Schmidt, 21, 1508 Waller street,
and Valentine A. Winters, IS, 349 Pierce street.
William F. Giller, 35, city, and Matilda
Habermebl, 22, city. -.
John Buelna. 33, St. James Hotel, and Liz-
zie Rauschenbach, 35, 235 Ninth street.
Adolfo Manfredinl. 39, 717 Fifth avenue, and
Annie Burns, '29, 717 Fifth avenue.
Georze W. Berton.- 21. 1200 Folsom street.,
and Violet M. Johnson, 21, 307 Polk street.
Stephen Joyce, 26, city, and Nora King, 24,
city.-;
Albert F. Kelly, 21, 8735 Clay street, and
; Margaret K. Py. c, 18, 2709-Laguna street.
James A. O'Rourke, 27, Petaluma. and Jes-
sie M. ' Gossafce, 26, Petaluma.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marrlaste and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
AHLBACH— In this city, December 27. 1905,
to the wife of Joseph Ahlbach. a daughter.
CHISHOLM— In this city, to the wife of R. G.
Chlsholm, a daughter.
COCHRAN — At Represa, Cal., December 25,
1905, to the wife of P. J. Cochran, a daugh-
ter. ' i
DESENBERG— In this city, December 29, 1905,
to the wife of L. Desenberg, a daughter.
DIETRICH — In this city, December 18, 1905,
•to the wife of Louie A. Dietrich (nee Ander-
son.), a »on. r""';.J- .'.
FALLMER — In Oakland, Cal., December 28,
1905, to the wife of R. N. Fallmer, a son.
FUSELIER — In this city, December 27. 1905,
to the wife of John Fuseller, a daughter.
GILBERT— In this city, December 18. 1905,
to the wife of H. M. Gilbert, a daushter.
GRAY— In thia city, December 22. 1005, to
the wife of Walter W. Gray, a daughter.
HARRIS— In this city. December 28. 1905, to
the wife of C. R, Harris, a daughter.
KENTZEL— In this city. December , 27, 1905,
to the wife of James R. Kentzel, a daughter.
McCANN— In this city, December 15, 1905, to
the wife of Thomas P. McCann, a daughter.
MURRAY— In this city December 30, 1905,
. to the wife of \V. H. Murray, a son.
REILLY — In this city, December 28, 1905. to
the wife of James H. Rellly, a son. .
STAPLES— In this city, December 26, 1905,
to the wife of Charles D. Staples, a son.
STEIN— In thi 3 city, November 24, 1005, to
the wife of J. Stein, a son. <
"WHITE— In this city, December 24, 1905, to
the wife of James E. White, a son.
MARRIED.
EWIG — YON OEHSEN— In this city, Decem-
ber 30, 1905, Ernest H. Ewig and Annie
yon Oehsen. both of tfeis city.
LAVENSON— PHILLIPS— In Los Angeles,
Cal., December 17, 1903, by the Rev. S.
. Hecht, George H. Lavenson of this city and
Edith J. Phillips Of Los Angeles.
PAINE — LOWELL — In Portland, Ore., Decem-
ber 20, 1905, by the Rev. J. E. Snyder, Fred-
erick Clinton Paine of Washington and Lil-
lian Mabel Lowell of Sonoma, Cal.
DIED.
Barry. Edward McCarthy, James, 82
Billings, Catherine, 68 McGee, Delia, 22 -
Cain; Bridget McHugh, James, 53
Carter, Geo. J., 62 McKenna, P. J., 30
Cunningham, Geo., 55 McKlnnie,' Mrs. M., 89
Dalldorf, R. T., 62 Meek. James, 62
Daly, Peter, 62 Michel, Hannah R.,62
Dearlng, Carrie M. Mohrmann, C, 66
, De Flandre, Chas.. 36 Mullins. Mary J., 83
Duffy, John, 70 Murphy, William, 74
Fanniflt, Mary, 60 ' O'Connor, Thos., 70
' Flint, James, 52 . Pfann, Henry, 51
Glnnane, Mrs. .Mary Ross-Connack, J. A.
Goncalves, Geo. J., 32 T., 39
Hall, Charles E., 47 \u25a0 Scott, Alexander, 55
Henry, Isabella, 50 Sheehan, John H.; 41
Keogh, Harry A.5.,31 Smiddy, E. F., 34
Kenny, Katie J. Sperling, Isabelle L.
King, Sarah J., 24 Stafford, Mrs. Mary.63
Labarthe, Justin, 50 Sullivan, Mary M.
Loffan, Reba, 18 Tague, Mabel A., 19
Maher, Philip, 75 Taylor, Miriam, 15
Matheson, Chas. W-36 Watson, SamuelH.,7l
McAuliKe, F. J., 60 Woodward, Mellnda
BARRY — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated ' for the repose of the soul
of the late Edward Barry at St. John's
. Church Tuesday, January 2, at 9 a. m. "
BII JjIXGS — In this city, December 29, 1005,
Catherine Billings, beloved mother of Wll-
\u25a0 Ham H.. Annie \u25a0 and Edward Billings and
Mrs. 0.;, F. Peterson, a native of Ireland,
aged 68 years 8 months and 15 days.''
: (tyFrlends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully ; invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock," from her late resi-
dence 722 - Fourteenth street, near Market
and 'Church, thence to Mission Dolores
Church for. services, commencing at • 12:30
p." m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAIN — In this city,' December 30,* 1905, Bridget
\u25a0 Cain," beloved mother of Mrs. \u25a0M. Claraty and
. Mrs Mary Higglns of Oakland, a native of
\u25a0 County, Mayo., lreland. ;
CARTER— In- this 'city. : December 30, . 1903.
; \u25a0 Georee :J. . Carter, beloved ' husband of : Mary
A. ; Carter, ; father of Edmond P.; George M.,
Oliver J., Hugh L. and Julia L. Carter, '\u25a0 and
brother :of - Mrs. Thomas •• Cullen and* Mrs.
GHAS. H. J. TRUMAN Ss, GO.
- The Leading
FUNERAI^DIRECTORS
\u25a0 Of' San Francisco. .
1909 MISSION STREET
1 Bet. 15th and ' 16th.' Telephone Mission 100
wood£awn;
.."--': ," San * Matao County. -
MASONIC CEMETERY .ASSOCIATION,
' CSC James Flood Building, S. i\
James Comber, a native of .County. Galway.
" Ireland, aged 62 years 11 months and 30
days. . • . - '
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January - 1. at 10 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence. 5 Ruesell street, off Hyde,
between Green and Union. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. December 27,
1905, George Cunningham, brother of James
Cunr.infciiam. and uncle of Annie and Eliza-
beth Doyle and Mrs. Alexander Stewart, a
native of -Ireland, aged 55 years."
ETThe funeral will take . place to-day.
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
sion street, thence to Mission Dolores Church-
for services at 12 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DALLDORF— In thla city. December 2«. 1905.
Rudolph T. Dalldorf. beloved brother of
Meta H. Kroenke. and devoted uncle of
August E. and Edward H. Kroenke. Mrs. G.
E. Moynihan, Mrs. Adolph Meese, Mrs.
Charles Packer, Mrs. John Winters and Mrs.
• William Ludwig a native of Otterndorf
Provinz. Hanover, Germany, aged 62 years
10 months and 20 days. A member of the
Norddeutscher Vereln.
CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 2 p. m., from the residence of
his sister, 57 Hartford street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth and Noe and Castro.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers,
DALY— In this city. December 28. 1905, Peter,
beloved husband of Mary A. Daly, and
fatter of James P., John A., Mary E. and
Margaret J. Daly, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 52 years A member of . St.
Dominic's Sodality of the Holy Name.
JCFri-ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), December 31, at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence. 2824 Clay street, thence
to St. Domlnto's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. A solemn re-
quiem hlch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul Tuesday. January 2, 1006,
at St.' Dominic's Church. Friends and ac-
quaintances are invited to attend.
DEARING — In Oakland. Cal., December 30.
1905, Carrie M. Dearinir, beloved daushter
of Jane B. Williams and the late B. S. E.
Williams, and sister of Mrs. George "W.
Sherow. a native of California.
DB FLANDRE — In this city, December «29.
1905, Charles, beloved husband of Marie
Madeline De Flandre and father of Eliza-
beth, Blanche and Charles De Flandre. a
native of Guebwlller, Alsace, aged 86 years
and 2 months. (New York papers please
copy.)
E7"The funeral services wIU take place
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. at
hia late residence, 4 Twelfth street, corner
Market. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2 p. m.
DUFFY — In this city, December 29, 1005,
John" Duffy, beloved husband of Bridget
Duffy, devoted father of Thomas P. and
John F. Duffy, and uncle of Mrs. Martin
Shauehnessy, Mrs. Thomas Curran and
Elizabeth Egan. a native of County Galway,
Ireland, • aged 76 years. • ...
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 p. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1207 Church street, thence to St.
James Church for services at 1 p. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul Tuesday, January 2. at 9 a. ra..
at St. James Church, Twenty-third and
Guerrero -streets.
FANNING — In this city, December 29, 1005,
Mary Fanninsr. beloved wife of Thomas J.
Fanning, and loving mother of John. Daniel.
Thomas J. Jr., Charles, George and Margaret
Fanninsr. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 11:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 644 Second avenue, Richmond district,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, corner of
Pclnt Lobos ar.d Eighth avenues, for ser-
vices. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio.
FLINT— In the City and County Hospital. De-
•• cember 30, 1905. James Flint, a native of
England, aged 62 years.
GINNANE— In this city, December SO, 1905,
at her residence. 4353 Twenty-fourth street,
Mrs Mary Qinnane, beloved mother of Mrs.
M. Fredrick, Mrs. T. Murray and Mrs. A.
Collins, a native of County Limerick. Ire-
land. - •
- ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GONCALVES — In this city. December 30.
1905, George J.. beloved husband of Pearl
Goncalvea, beloved eon of Manuel and Ellza-
li beth Goncalves. and brother of Manuel, Tony,
Joseph and Edith Goncalvea, a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years and 3 months.
HALL— In Oakland, Cal., .December 30, 1903.
Charles E., beloved husband of Mary Emma
Hall, son of Mrs. Julia A. Staples, and
brother of W. F. Hall and Mrs. W. J. Wil-
son Jr.. a native of Illinois, aged 47 years
and 2 months.
HENRY — In this city, December 29. 1905. Isa-
bella, beloved wife of Augustus K. Henry,
1 and j mother of Clarence. Shirley and Elmer
"Henry. Mrs. George H. Monnler ana Mrs.
E. P. Dell, a native of England, aeed 50
years.
(C^Fri-ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, January 1, at' 2 p. m., at the chapel
of N Gray; & Co.. 612-614 Van Ness avenue,
between Golden Gate avenue and Turk street.
Interment private.
KEOGH— In this city. December 30. 1905,
Harry A. S. Keogh. brother of John A.
Keogh. Mrs. M. A. Gray and W. M. Keosh.
a native of California, aged 31 years.
nryThe funeral will take place from the
funeral carlors of laccheri. Duclos & Co.,
. 629 Broadway, at 1:30 p. m., Sunday, De-
cember 31. Interment strictly private.
KENNY — In this city, Katie J., beloved wife
of John J. Kenny, loving daughter of Mrs.
Mary Murphy, and beloved sister of Margaret
Sullivan and Mrs. Henry Phillips, a native of
Marysville, Cal. (Marysville papers please
copy.) * - .
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday). January 1, at 2 o'clock p. m..
from her late residence. 1247 McAllister
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church for
services. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero -streets.
KING — In this city, December 29, 1905, Parab
J.. dearly beloved wife of Daniel I. Kinp.
daughter of the late Thomas and Rose Dcn-
ohue and sister of James and George Don-
ohue and the late John, Thomas, Frances
and Vinnie Donohue and Mrs. Annie Onell,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years
3 months and 10 days.
LABARTHB— In this city, December 27, 1905.
Justin, beloved' husband of Mrs. Justin La-
barthe. and brother of Pierre and Sedolne
Labarthe, a native of France, aged 50 years
9 months and 16 days.
ICrFritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), December 31. at 12:30 p. m., from
the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to the French Church for
services, thence to Native Sons' Hall, where
services will bo held under the auspices of
Ligue Henry IV. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LOGAN — In Oakland, Cal., December 29, \u25a0 1905.
Reba Logan, beloved daughter of W. M.
and Minnie Logan, a native of North Caro-
lina, aged IS years & months and 23 days.
[Cr Remains at the residence parlors of N.
W. Leltch, corner of Clay and Seventeenth
streets.
MAHER — In thia city, December 2S. 1905,
Philip Maher, brother of the late John Maher
and Edward R. Maher of New York, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 75 years.
\u25a0"CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully " invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). December 31. at 1 o'clock p. m.,
from the parlors of the California Under-
'\u25a0\u25a0 taking Company, 713 Post street, between
Jones and Leavenworth. Interment private.
MATHESON— In this city, December 29. 1905.
Charles W.. dearly beloved son of Catherine
\u25a0 Matheson, brother of John R. and Andrew T.
Mathescn, Mra. Richard Cavanagh and the
late Mrs. Jennie McCraney, and uncle of
John. Andrew. Gladys, Zelda and George
Thlrlwell. a native of Hannibal, Mo., aged
86 years and 9 days. (Virginia City, Nev.,
papers please copy.)
(CTFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 308 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services, commencing
at 12:30 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McAULIFFE — In this city, December 30, 1905.
Florence J.,- beloved husband of the late
Ellen F. McAullffe, father of Constance,
Florence, Katherine. Francis. John. Charles,
Martha, Gabriel," Eleanor, Iwabelle. Georro
and James MeAuliffe, son of Florence T. and
' the* late Bridget MoAullffe, and brother of
Charles E. and Agnes McAullfTe. a native of
New York, aged 50 years 5 months and 12
days. - .
\u25a0 !E7"Fri«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
January 2. at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence. 3SC Page street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a requiem mass -will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
• mencinsr at 9:30 o'clock. Interment- Holy
Crocs Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Guerrero and Eighteenth - streets.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
* (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. -opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
' • Formerly In Metropolitan Tempi*.
NOW ATBC6 MISSION. TeL South 167.
Between Fourth and vFlfth, ' near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
p H. J. McAvoy. D. J. CHars, »
McAVOY, O'HARA & CO. }
FUNJERAL DIRECTORS, . !
Removed to Their New Parlors. f"
261^271 Hayes St.. opp.' St; Ignatius Church.
I. Lady Assistants. Telephone South 247.' J
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
' . ; JAMES McGINN & . CO.
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral \u25a0 Directors and \u25a0 Embalmers— —
; -214 Eddy St. • Tel: East 86.
MCCARTHY — In San Jose. CblL. Deoember 80,
1905. James McCarthy, beloved husband of
the late Rebecca McCarthy, and brother of
John J. and William McCarthy and Mrs. E.
Tower, a native of San Jose, Cal.. aged 33
years.
McGEE— In Oakland. CaL. Decsmber ».
19C5. Delia McGee. beloved sister of Jirnes.
John. Peter. Helen and HannAh McGee, a
native of the parish of Tarhman, County
Donegal. Ireland, aged 22 years. *
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 2406% Harrison street, thence to
St. Peter's Church for services at 12 m.
Interment Holy Ctoss Cemetery.
McHUGH— In this city, December 80, MOO.
Jair.ea. beloved husband of tha Ut» Aosi*
\u25a0 McHugh, and father of James 11., John J,
and Rose A. McHugh. a native of County
Leitrlm. Ireland, aged S3 year* 7 months
and 20 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11:45 a. m.. from the parlors o:
McFadden. Meßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where
services will be held at 12:30 p. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKEXNA— In this city, December 23. 1903.
Patrick J., dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet M. McKenna. father of Ethel. James
and Jo3ei>h McKenna. and eon of Patrick
and the late Mary McKenna, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 131 Diamond street, thence, to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer for ser-
vices at. 1:30 p. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MCK2NNIE— In this city. December 29, 1908.
at tha Protestant Episcopal Old Ladl«»'
Home, Mrs. M. McKlnnle. a native of Ire-
land, aged 83 years.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tb» funsrsd to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from th«
Home. Golden Gats avenue, near Masonic
1 MEEK— In this city. December 23. ' 1905,
James, husband of Margaret M. Meek, and
father of Mrs. W^. -J. Dyer and Thomas H.
Meek, a native of Edinburgh, Scotland, aged
62 years 1 month and 7 days.
ETFrtends are respectfully invited to at-
tand t n * funeral services to-day (Stinday).
at 10 o'clock a. m.. at his late residence, &a
Walter street. Interment private.
MlCHEL— Entered into rest, at her home la
Sacramento. Cal.. December SO. 1906. Han-
nah. R.. beloved wife of Frank E. Michel,
and mother of Hannah R.. Rigrney. Frank E.
and Albert J. Michel and • Mrs. Katherine
E. Pyson. a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
KTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MOHRMANN— In this city. December 20. 1905,
Christopher, dearly beloved husband of
Sophie Mohrmann. and devot?d father of
Mrs. "William Roehr. a native of Oester-
wanner. Am Otterndorf, Germany, aged 50
years. (Brooklyn. N. V.. papers please copy.)
(C^Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), January 1. at 1:30 p. m., from
his late .residence, 806 Fifth avenue, near
Ciement street. Richmond District. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
funeral -car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. <\u25a0" - v V> * nt;n t;
MULLINS— In thl» city. December 29, 1905.
Mary Jane, beloved wife of the late William
Penrose Mulllns. and devoted and beloved
mother of Mrs. H. M. Greene and "VV. F.
Mulllns. a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
&i years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock p. pi., from, her
late residence, 1342 Hayes street, thence ti>
Sacred Heart Church for services, coramenc-
insr at 1 o'clock p. m. Interment strictly
private.
MURPHY— In this- city. December SO. 1905.
William Murphy, beloved brother of James
Murphy, . a native of County Carlow. Ire-
land, fitted 74 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy, O"Hara & Co.. 261 and 271
Hayes street, opposite St. Ignatius Church,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where services
.will be held, commencing at 9:45 a. m. In-
terment private. Holy- Cross Cemetery. Mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
Tuesday at II a, m. at St. Rose's Church.
O'CONNOR— In this city. December 29. 1005.
Thomas O'Connor, dearly beloved husband
of Mary O'Connor, and beloved father of the
late James and Thomas O'Connor Jr., a na-
tive of County Limerick. Ireland, aged 70
years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited., to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, p. m.. from his
late residence. Eighteenth avenue, between
41 and R streets South. South San Francisco,
thenca to All Hallows Church for services,
commencing at 1:15 p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PFANN— In this city. December 30, 1305. Hen-
ry rr.im. devoted brother of Mrs. Ida Res-
enthal. Mrs. Elsie Boehm, Jacob Pfann of
New York and Mrs.- Emma Klein of Male.
Germany, a native of Germany, ased 51
years S months and 23 days.
ROSS-CORMACK— In Allendale, December 24.
1905. John A. T. Ross-Cormack, brother of
Margaret Ferrier Connack-Connal and Rer.
James Rcss-Cormack, a native of Bengal,
India, aged 39 years and 11 months.
C 7 Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited- t.> attend the funeral services
Sunday. December 31. at 10 o'clock a. m..
at the carlors of Wood & Miller. 112S
Twenty-third avenue. East Oakland. Incin-
eration Oakland Crematory.
SCOTT — In Billings. Montana, December 27.
1905, Alexander Scott, father of Gertrude
M. Scott, aon of the late Alexander and
Catherine Scott, and brother of Tlwunas J.
Scott of Sacramento, Charles Scott of Napa.
William J. Scott of Oakland. Aggie E. and
James Scott and Mrs. J. A. Macmtllan of
San Francisco, a native of Perth. Scotland,
aceJ S5 yeara.
ET" Notice of funeral hereafter. > '..'
SHEEHAN— In Stockyards, Emeryville. Cal..
December 29, 1905. John H. £>heehan. beloved
husband of the late Mary Sheehan, father
of Willie. Massrie. Dannie. Genevieve and
Johnnie Sheehan, and brother of Jerry Shee-
han. Mrs. C. J. Newell and Mrs. F. Cook,
a native of California, aged 41 years 2
months and 20 days.
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
SMIDDY— In this city. December 29. 1905.
Edward F-. beloved son of the late Ellen and
Timothy Smiddy. and beloved brother of
Timothy Smiddy and the late Elizabeth
Smiddy. a native of San Francisco, aged
34 years. SPO**!
~ (C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend; the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from hia late resi-
dence. 211% Perry street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at oa. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPERLING — In this city, December 30, 1905.
Isabelle L., beloved wife of Frank Sperling,
and beloved sister of Abraham. Henry and
Charles C. Morris ' and Mrs. Vlolette Llch-
tenstein and Mrs. Blanche Llghtbody. a na-
. tlv© of San Franciacoi. - \u25a0
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday). January 1, at 10-.IJV
o'clock a. m., at the B'nal B'rlth Hall. 121
Eddy street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at 11:30 o'clock.
STAFFORD — In Redwood City. Cal.. Decem-
ber 30. \u25a0 19C5, Mrs. Mary Stafford, loving
wife of the late James Stafford, beloved
mother of James, Daniel. George, Dr. David
E.. and Mrs. Mary Gilbert, a native of Ire-
land, aged 63 "ears and 10 months.
lE3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
January '2, at & o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, thenca to Mount Caxmel Church,
. where a solemn requtera high mass for ths
repose \u25a0of her soul will be celebrated, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery Menlo "Park.
SULLIVAN— Ia this city, December 80. 1903/
Mary M.,' dearly beloved wife of the late
James Sullivan, devoted mother of J. M..
"Timothy J., Thomas P.. William H.. Dan-
iel J., Georre S. and the late James Sulli-
van Mrs. Jonn F. Byrne and the late
Elizabeth Foley, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland. A member of the Third Order of
St. Francisi.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the -funeral Tuesday,
January 2. at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, C 22% Natoma street, between Sev-
eventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where -a solemn requiem high mass*
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TAGUE— In Oakland. Cal.. December 30. 1905.
Mabel A., beloved wife of Earl C. Tague.
and mother of Earl C. Tague. a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years 7 months and
19 days.
TAYLOR— In Alameda. CaL. December 29.
1903. Miriam Taylor, beloved daughter of
Edward K. Taylor, a native of Alameda.
aged 15 years 7 ninths and 21 daysi
{C7Fureral services to-day (Sunday). De-
cember 31. at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the
home of her 'uncle, ex- Judge Stuart M.
Saylor. 1377 Regent street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
WATSON— In this city, December 30t 1905,
Samuel Henry Watson, beloved husband of
Maria E. Watson, and loving father of Sid-
ney. Saee. Ed?a and Ida May Watson, a
native of New York, aged 71 years.
CTFriends. acquaintances and members of
Lincoln Post No. \u00841. G. A. R.. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. January 3. at 2 o'clock p. m..
at the Jhapel of Charles H. J. Truman £
Co . 1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and .Sixteenth. Interment National Cem-
Coo tlnued on Vnzr 48.
TELEPHOXE 31A1.N 43. -•
N. GRAY \u25a0& CO., inc.
FTJXERAL DIRECTORS.
Cyrus S. Wright, president: Geo. H. Clark
vice president; Al P. Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. Wrirht. secretary.
612-614 VAX NESS AVENUE,
Between Golden Gate avenue and Turk atTMt.
SAX FRAN CISCO. .CAU
4546
STEAMER KOREA TAKES
DEPARTURE FOR ORIENT
Russians Sent
Back on the
San Juan.
Trachoma the
Cause of Divid
ing Families.
The delay of the Pacific Mail clerical
force in /getting: papers ready for the
Orient delayed the departure of the liner
Koica yesterday until nearly 2 o'clock.
First there was the regular long wait for
the office mail, which arrived in a wagon
pulled by the famous steed Blanco.
Blanco as usual walked sedately until
J»c reached the outskirts of the crowd
gathered to bid good-by to the Korea's
passengers. Then somebody yelled "Look
out!" Blanco pricked up his ears and his
feet and finished the distance at full gal
lop, spattering mud in all directions as
lie came to a full stop at the Korea's
gangplank.
Tii^re was more waiting, this time for
•a il>eeial messenger frcm the office. At
1:1 '\u25a0> p. m. Cai'tain Seabury ordered the
lines cast off and the Korea took her de
parture.
Since she arrived from the Orient car
penters and electricians have made a
number of changes in the Korea's interior
arrangements. An electric light has been
installed at the head of every bunk and
the passenger who desires to read himself
to sleep may now indulge himself with
all comfort. The purser's quarters have
been remodeled for tile purpose of facili
tating the ship's business.
Belore the change was made Purser
Auen had his office in one part of the
ship; one freight clerk was installed in
another part; an assistant freight clerk
was still further away and most remote
of all was the storekeeper. It was like
mrming a bank on Market street and
having the cash drawer on Mission and
the account -ledgers on Howard street and
ueithtr street ear nor telephone connec
tion between the departments. Under the
new arrangement the whole clerical force
is installed in one large office, where the
purser also is located. In addition to fa
cilitating the work this new pian gives
the subordinate clerks an opportunity to
levin the duties o£ the position above
them, and when the time comes for pro
motion the company will be saved the
trouble of breaking in the man advanced
to his new duties.
The Korea's passengers included the
following: 'i£
i- or l-ionolulu — Mrs. J. W. Atkinson,
E. F. Bishop, Mrs. E. F. Bishop, Mrs.
Harry J^ Bixby and maid, Master Harr%-
L. Bixby, Miss Bertha Boots, Oscar
Browne, M- B. Christopher, Mrs. M. B.
Christopher, J. C. Coppage, Mrs. S. M.
Crim, Miss Hildred Denton, Robert Den
ton, Sherman Denton, Miss L*. Dunham,
M. A. Dunham. J. P. Foster, Mrs. J. J.
Godfrey, S. Harper, Mrs. S. Harper,
Mrs. Bert Irwin, Mrs. J. W. Jones and
child, G. F. Kirby, Mrs. G. F. Kirby, A.
F.; Knudsen; Mrs. A. F. Knudsen,
daughter and servant; E. A. Knudsen,
Mrs. E. A. Knudsen, Mrs. V. Knudsen,
S. S. Litchfield, John Long, Mrs. John
Long. J. A. Lytle, Mrs. £. E. Lytle, Miss
Helen Lytle. Louis Marks, Mrs. Louis
Marks and three children, Mrs. M. H.
Marks, Mrs. J. W. Martin, Miss
Martin, Thomas Prime, F. N. Mc-
Candless, Mrs. F. N. McCandless, Miss
E. Mclnerney, Arthur Merrill, Mrs.
Arthur Merrill, A A. Moore, Mrs. A A.
Moore. S. H. Moses, Dr. M. J. O'Neill,
Miss A. M. Paris, H. A. Rutnam, Mrs.
James Scott and two children. Rev.
Doremus Scudder. Mrs. Doremus Scud
der, Mrs. E. C Smith, Mrs. L. Spencer,
Mrs. Solon Spiro. J. F. Sprung. E. R.
Stackable. Mrs. S. L. M. Starr, H. C.
Taft. J. M. Taft, E. D. Tenney. Mrs. E.
D. Tenney, Rev. Kong Ting Tet, A H.
Turner. Dr. St. D. G. Walters, Mrs. St.
D. G. Walters.
Yokohama — E. C. Baugher, Dr. H. C.
Brigham. Mrs. H. C. Brigham. Rev. F.
AY. Heckelman. Mrs. F. W. Heckelman
and three children. T. Inomata, O. H.
Keep Jr.. Mrs. O. H..Keep Jr., T. Oka
zaki. Mrs. A. B. Porter, Mrs. C. W. Put
man, A. W. Richards, Mrs. A W. Rich
ards. Rev. Cyrus Richardson, Wilhelm
Sand. Mrs. A Simpson, Miss A. Simp
son: Commander Isara Takeshita, I. J.
N.: H. E. Teschmachcr. Mrs. Edward
V.'a tson.
Shanghai — L. Anderson. Rev. H. R.
Caldwell. Mrs. H. R. Caldwell and in
fant. Miss G. Elliott. Rev. J. C. Gar
ritt. Mrs. J. C. Garritt, Miss Mary C.
Garritt. Donald Garritt. C. R. Morling-,
J. StecTißfn. Miss E. M. Stevens, Rev.
Carl Vingron. Mrs. Carl Vingren and
child. J. F. Watson.
Hongkong — El Hags Abdullah-Eli,
J. 11. Ankrum, Miss B. B. Barrows, Miss
S. T. Barrows. Miss S. Bolten. Chongr
Chaw. Mrs. E. E. Clark, Mrs. Z. C. B.
Coryoll. Arthur Davey. Adolph Falter,
Mrs. Adolph Falter. Hans Stephen Gei-
VI. Edward Hartley. Mrs. H. E. Hea
oock. Miss A. Heacock. K. Van Hoff
man. T. H. Jones, W. Kaufmann, E. JL
Konncdy. Mrs. A. L. Logan, C. H.
Logan. Mrs. C. H. Lojran and Infant,
Harry E. I^aughlin, P. E. Mack. A. Mac-
Killop. Miss S. IC Marks, Miss H. A.
Mead, Francis J. Montgomery. J. P.
Moore. Mrs. J. P. Moore, J. Searcy
Nfehol. Miss Maud E. Oleson, Mrs. S.
P. Rhode. Mrs. Clara Taite, Alexander
Tarponian. Mrs. A. .P. Whlttell. Miss
Vlorrncc Whiltrll. E. P. Whittcn. W. E.
Wilson.
Join at Honolulu — Mrs. O. G. Brenton.
Mrs. C. HaffnT.
T'limillrH Are Di\ided.
Amonp the passengers for Panama who
left here yesterday on Hie Pacific Mall
steamship San Juan were two Russians
tloported because they were suffering
from trachoms. These deportations mean
tho breaking up of two families. Anna
Kaptov. one" of thp unfortunates, leaves
here a husband and three children, who,
hflng free from disease, were allowed to
land ar.d arc now on their way to .th«
Russian settlement near Los Angeles.
t?i<>re to begin life anew, but without a
mother. Nicholas Dobrer, the other re*
jested Russian, leaves behind a wife ana
one child.
In addition to twenty Chinese and fif
teen steerage passengers, the San Juan
carried the following:
Mrs. Harriet Avcry. John Kosmeyer, 11.
Clark. S. H. Smith. Mrs. F. I*. Hudson.
R. V. McKl^, Mrs. R. V. McKie and
sen-ant. J. D. Illia and wife, C. R. W.
Chandler. Alejandro V. Orillac and wife.
Dr. H- Elliott. R. Elliott, Professor H. D.
Curtis and wife, Mrs. H. D. CurtLs. Mas
ter Rowan Curtis, Master Allen Curtis,
Miss Margaret Curtis. Mrs. A. C. Loalza,
de Gutierrez, A. C. Loaiza, wife and
child and Miss M. Ochra. ,
Princeton Win Relieve Boston.
The United States gunboat Princeton,
which c&me down from Mare Island
the other day and Is now anchored off
Foleom-otreet wharf, will call this
'treek for Panama, where she will re
lieve the cruiser Boston as station
ship. Th« Princeton was herself re
lieved from duty, at the isthmus by the
Boston. Those bluejackets now on the
Princeton who formed part of her crew
when she was at Panama before are
not looking forward to their return to
the isthmus with any particular glee.
There is no shore liberty for Jack on
that station and to be a sailorman on
the Princeton now meant that you
must stay aboard ship for at least
six months after leaving this port.
There is one compensation, however.
No liberty means little opportunity to
spend money and at the end of this
cruise every man on the gunboat will
have a pay-day worth waiting for. It
was at first intended that the cruiser
Marblehead should relieve the Boston,
but the Navy Department has other
plans for the Marblehead, which is
fiow anchored off Vallejo-street wharf.
Challenger Saved by Scuttling.
Further details were received yes
terday from Japan regarding the fire
of the bark Challenger from Killisnoo.
When it became manifest that the fire
was beyond control the Challenger
was scuttled and run on the .beach
about seventy miles from Kobe. What
the ship's hose had failed to accom
plish was easy work for the Pacific
Ocean and the Challenger, although
beached, is no longer in danger of de
struction by fire. Preparations are
being made to pump out the water and
it is expected that the vessel will be
floated In a few days and towed to
Osaka for repairs.
Deck Loud. Is Shifted.
The steamer Harold Dollar was re
ported yesterday anchored in Neah
Bay, with her deckload of lumber
shifted. She is bound from Seattle for
Seward.
»
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's liner Curacao did not make port
last night in time to pass quarantine,
but it is expected that her passengers
will be landed early this morning.
The Japanese liner America Maru is
due Wednesday from the Orient. She
is bringing a large shipment of silk.
This is the America's first trip since
the close of the Russo-Japanese war.
Fireman Cress of engine 9 dropped
an open Jackknife yesterday and then
fell on top of the sharp blade, sus
taining a deep cut In the right thigh.
He was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital.
Peter Mellon, who lives at 26 Turk
street and drives a ooal cart, was
treated at the Harbor Hospital yester
day for a sprained back. An electric
car on East street ran into Mellon's
cart and the jar threw Mellon back
ward frorri the seat into the vehicle.
The overdue Alsternixe is auoted for
reinsurance at 10 per cent.
SEWS OP THE OCEAN".
Matters of Interest to Mariners -and
Shipping; Merchant*.
The schooner C. S. Holmes is chartered for
lumber from Nanaimo to Salina Cruz- at $10
and the barkentine Puako for tho same busi
ness from Pueet Sound to Sydney at 33s »d
The French bark Amiral Courbet proceeds in
ballast to Sydney Heads for orders.
10 sports by the Korea.
The steamer Korea sailed '. yesterday for
Hongkong and way ports via Honolulu with
a general merchandise cargo, valued at $878 -
380. exclusive of treasure, and to be distrib
uted as follows: For Japan. ?29«.77«; China
$5. 0,8.0; Philippine Islands, $4-U!>; East In
dies, $TWC3: Korea, $2103; Slam, $181; Guam
?84; Vladivostok, $52. The following were
the principal shipments:
To Japan— 6l3 bdls G cs leather, -322 bales
cotton. 3185 kegs nails. 217 pkgs locomotive
parts, 257 pkgs machinery, 6074 lbs shot, 252
pkgs bicycles, 551 pkgs roofing material 24 »
bdls iapcr. 10 cs boots and shoes 12 ci
plumbing material, 13 bales hose. 8 coils rope,
44 pkes rubber goods, 30 cs soap, 91 cs arti
ficial leather. 37 cs drugs, 111,000 lbs hoofs
liei lb« tallow. 334 lbs tin foil. 8 cs 3 bbls
oils. \32 pkgs pipe. 1000 lbs cotton seed, is)
jjkes electrical goods. 5 cs arms and ammu
nition, 2254 lbs rubber, 2 bales duck 16 pkgs
wagon material. 22,138 lbs coffee, i 4,000 lbs
mgar. 23 bbls flour, 1410 lbs 25 pkgs mill-
Htuffs. st> pkgs fresh fruits, 10,245 lbs dried
fruit, 2310 lbs 5 cs' raisins. IGI4 lbs ham and
bacon, JOMO lbs bread, 417 lbs cheese, 113 lbs
butter. 2500 lbs oleomargarine.- 153 cs canned
goods. K ISO lbs lard, 341 pkgs tabte prepara
tions. 640 lbs codfish. 17 cs salmon 19 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 31.17 gals 31 cs vine
5 cs brandy.
To China— J2.o37 bbls flour. &4SI bales cotton
domestics, 1760 bales .sheetings, 11$>2 bales
drills, 600 flasks quicksilver, 227 pkgs ma
chlrwry.. J4.156 lbs ginseng. 30.400 lbn short
lead. 155.450 lbs fertilizer, 17.980 lbs lard, 3U50
lbs codfish. 3C>,(ji;s lbs assorted dried fish; 4473
lbs '-offer. 109 pkgs groceries and provisions,
700 lbs sugar. »833 lbs I cs cheese, 148 pkgs
prepared fish. 7.J50 lbs 34 cs dried fruit 1835
lbs 20 bxs raisins, c« canned goods 106
cs table preparations. 11.327 lbs beans, 1951
ibs 2 es ham and bacon. 1625 lbs barley 4340
lbs hops. » «-s bread, ICSO lbs chocolate +5
es 14 kits salmon. 1271 lbs I!> ' cs - millstuffs.
25 bbls < beef. - 10 bbls pork. -4500 lbs oleomar
garine, 2815 gals 7 cs wine, 120 bbls beer 7
rolls 1 cs leather, 17 cs dry goods, 20 cs oils
0 nkgs agricultural implements, 1 ca shoes, 25
cs soap. 7 ca arms and ammunition, 81 bdls
pap«r, 23 cs paints, 1710 lbs butter. 16» pkgs
frwh fruits, 11 cs salad oil. 121 cs paste -
To Philippine Islands— lsoo crts potatoes
120 cask* beer. 12CS lbs nuts. 240 lbs cheese!
25 bxs fresh fruit*. .'53 cs plows and parts 2
cs electrical goods. 2 pkgs wagon material.
To East Indies! — 110 cs canned salmon 7CO
cs assorted canned goods, 450 lbs nuts 466 lbs
dried fruit. 460 lbs raisins, 3 pkgs wagon ma
terial, 1 ca machinery. .
To Korea— lso bbls flour, 56 cs canned eoods
770 Ibs dried fruit. 1320 lbs lard, 25 pkgi
groceries and provisions, 3 cs paper, 1 sewing
machine, 1 cs dry goods. 1 c» soap.
To Slam — 6 cs canned goods. 2 cs honey 2
cs salad oil, 1 cs scap. 1 sewing machine '
To Guam — 2 pkgs wagon material.
To Vladivostok— s pkga agricultural Imple
ments.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 80.
Or stmr Denderab. Jansen. ; 3^ day* from
Seattle, put In to finish loading.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1905.
U. 8. GUNBOAT PRINCETON,
WHICH WILL RELIEVE THE
BOSTON AT PANAMA.
Stmr Lakme, Ramsellus. 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr National City, Hoffman, 58 hours from
Port Los Anseles.
Stmr James S Hlgglnß, Higgins, 15 hours
from Fort Brace, bound south, put into land
passengers.
Stmr Senator. Lloyd, C 3 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 49 hours.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson. 73 hours from
San Pedro and way ports.
Bktn Newsboy, Peterson, 7 days from Gray*
Harbor, j
Schr Antelope. Christenson, 16 days from
Siuslaw River. . '
Power schr Argus, Johnson, 7 days from
San Pedro, via Port Harford 4 days.
Schr William Olsen. Rorvik, S days from
Graj-s Harbor.
liar-e Santa Paula. Pelle, 3 days from
San Pedro, in tow tur Sea Kins.
' Bsxee 3, Daniels, 85 hours from Port Har
ford, up river direct, in tow of tug Sea Rover.
CLEARED.
- Saturday, December 30.
Xor stmr Terje Vlken. Gulliksen, Ladysmlth;
Western Fuel Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Emeries, Nanaimo; West
ern Fuel Co. ' ; • \u25a0-";-,-.: •
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntren, Comox; Western
Fuel Co.
Stmr Korea,' Seabury, Hongkong; via Yo
kohama and Honolulu: P M S S Co.
Stmr San Juan, Urry. Ancon, via Mexican
and Central American ports; P M S S Co.
Stmr Queen, Johnson, Victoria ; P C S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; P C S S
Co.
Bark W B Flint, Hansen, Koloa; Alexander
&. Baldwin.
SAILED.
• Saturday. December 30.
Stmr Korea, Seabury, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcatraa. Frederickson, Little River.-
Stmr San Juan, Urry, Ancon, via Mexican
and Central American Dorts.
Stmr Meteor. McFarland. Tacoma.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements, Eureka.
Stmr Porno, Reinertsen, Albion.
Bark S C Allen, Wilier, Callao. via Eureka. \
Schr Sequoia, Hutman, Mazatlan.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 80—10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy wind NW: velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed Dec 30— Schr Henry X
Hall, from San Pedro, for Port Townsend.
Passed Inward Dec SO — Schr Luzon, from
San Pedro, for Everett.
Passed In Dec 30 — Br ship Fortevlot, henc«
Dec 'M, for Port Townsend.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Dec 30— Schr
Irene, from San Dieco.
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr Prentiss,
hence Dec 27: stmr Corona, hence Dec 28.
Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 29-7-Br ship Samoena,
for U X; Fr bark Duchesse de Berry, for U K.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Dec 80— Fr bark
Ducbesae de Berry, for UK. . .
Passed inward Dec 80 — Br Etmr Craleard,
from Guavaaull; bark Fresno, hence Dec 22,
for Port Gamble; echr Novelty, hence Dec 21,
for Bellinsham. • .
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 30 — Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka.-
Arrived Dec 30 — Stmr Columbia, hence Dec
28. ' \u25a0 \u25a0
Arrived" Dec 80 — Fr bark Jean Bap tie te,
from Newcastle, Aus.
PORT - LOS ANGELES — Arrived Dec SO —
Stmr Robert Dollar, f torn Santa Barbara.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr San Ga
briel, for Umpqua River; schr H D Bendix
sen, for Tacoma.
Arrived Dec 30 — Stmr Newport, hence Dec
27- echr Azalea, from Eureka; stmr Manda
lay, from San Dieco. .%»
Sailed Dec 30 — Stmr Northland . and stmr
Mandalay, for San Francisco; echr Cecelia
Sudden, for WiUapa Harbor.
REDONDO — Sailed Dec 30 — Stmr George
Loomls, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
MANILA— Sailed Dec 30— Br stmr Algoa,
for San Francisco. .. ' ;;-- \u25a0\u25a0-'/-:*?'. ~ >
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 20— Br stmr Coya,
for Val I .aral S o i(OREiGN
MELBOURNE— Arrived Dec 20 — Ship , John
! Currier, from Port Ludlow.
L\UNCESTON — Arrived prior Dec 30 — Br
Ptmr Sardhana, from Chemalnus.
ROTTERDAM — In port Dec 30 — Br ship Eaat
African, for Puget Sound, via Acaoulco.
COLON — Arrived Dec 2S— Stmr Advance,
from New York. •
1 IQUIQUE — Arrived Nov 16 — Br ntmr Capac.
from Callao, and sailed for Valparaiso and
Ne-w York. '
KINGSTON — Arrived Der. 28 — Nor stmr. Ta
jms, from Colon. : '
SUEZ — Arrived Dec 28— Br stmr Indras
amha from Yokohama, for New York.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Nov 9 — Br stmr
', Thornhill, from New York.
ANTWERP — In port Dec 13 — Br ship Crown
of Germany, for San Francisco.
BREMERHAVEN— SaiIed Dec 27— Br ship
Carnedd Llewellyn, ' -• for . Port Los ' Angeles. •
BRISBANE— Sailed Dec 27— Br etmr Moana,
for Vancouver, r ', , -
CHILEAN PORT— Sailed Dec 15 — Br . stmr
Mohican, for Philadelphia. ,
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 25— Br stmr
Coulsdon. for New York.
The reported sailing' of Br; stmr Manuka,
from Sydney, Dec ' 27, for Vancouver. \u25a0 was an
error./ -..'-. . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"
Memoranda.
The stmr - Harold \u25a0 Dollar, ', from ' Seattle, for
Seward, is at anchor In Neah Bay. with deck
load of lumber shifted.IiM|UiS4M)HfWHSJUJUKW4fE
Per »chr AnteloDe. from Sluslaw River, Dec
30— Had strong south and southwest wlnda for
KOBE. Dec. 30.— Bark ', Challenger, from 'Kil
lisnoo, previously • reported on fire, was scut
tled in five ; fathoms .of water .70 miles from
Kobe. All necessary means will be taken for
floating; prospects good. •>• \
WILMINGTON. Dec.^ 30. — The . stmr Penn
oy Ivan la. from New York, ; for San * Francieco
and Seattle, : was In collision with the Bchooner
Prescott Palmer on » Cherry '•\u25a0 Island in the Del
aware . River \u25a0 to-day. .; At the . time of : the ac
cident the Palmer ; was \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 hard ; aeround ?on the
flats. The . Pennsylvania,^ In - attempting to
pass the schooner. ; crashed * into •; Ita stern '\u25a0\u25a0 to
a distance of nearly twenty-five feet. The stmr
was unable to \ withdraw «. from • the i schooner
and both crafts are < now > lying on \u25a0• muddy , bot
tom. No one was Injured -in; the accident. ; .
LONDON,'. Dee.' SO. — Later reports from Kobe
state ; that the : bark i Challenger, \ previously * re
ported, hag 1 been ', beached and ; Is , being pumped
out. Expects to .be . able to • proceed \to Osaka.
Inn. few days. \u25a0•>•- \u25a0'. . '-\u25a0 ';- _' ". '/ -. ,-
LONDON, Dec. 80.— Th» Oernuux »tmr Bala,
WRECK VICTIMS
ON THE SALVOR
Steamship Sent to Belief
of the Bark Pass of Mel
fort Is on the Way Home
SEAS DAMAGE BIG SHIP
Seamen Who Perished in
Storm Are to Be Buried by
the Settlers of Ucluelet
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 30.-The steam
ship Salvor passed Carmanah Point at 3
p. m. in bound from the the wreck of the
bark Pass of Melfort. It is reported the
Salvor is bringing bodies of seamen re
covered from the wreck. Nothing could
be done by tRe wreckers, the lost bark
having been v broken up by the heavy seas.
Settlers are v continuing the search for
bodies, and those recovered after the de
parture of the Salvor will be buried at
Ucluelet. The -Salvor is expected here
about midnight.
PETAL.U3IA PEOPLE TO WED
TO-DAY IN SAN FRANCISCO
Slllltla Serjjeant With Record as a
Sharpshooter to Marry Charm
ing Girl.
FETALJJMA. Dec. 30. — In San Fran
cisco to-morrow the wedding of Miss
Jessie Gossage and Sergeant O'Rourke
will be solemnized. Both are members
of 'prominent families of Petaluma.
Sergeant O'Rourke is one of 'the two
marksmen chosen from Company C of
this city to compete in the national
shoot at Sea Girt last summer, where he
won honors for himself and his com
pany. The young couple will reside in
Petaluma.
from Hambunr, for San Francisco, was in
collision at Caleta Buena with Br atmr En
dalelgh. The former was uninjured; the latter
Is leaking. The Endalelgh was loaded and
ready to sail.
San. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast ajid Geodetio Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
(superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, DECEMBER 31.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets • 5:01
Moon act« 10:44 p. m.
C |Time.J iTlme! iTlme Time
» I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
? [H W[ [L W |H W L, W
81 4:02! 5.119:40 2.»! 8:181 4.4 0:20 0.8
1 S:CO 5.1110:45 2.8J 4:22] \u25a0 3.7 10:20 1.3
2 5:41| 5.1111:65 2.0 5:45 3.4(11:05) 1.8
8 0:22 5.0 1:00 2.2 7:02 3.4|11:50 2.3
4 7:00 5.0 1:37 I.S 8:15 3.5
L. W H W L. W H W
5 12:31 2.6 7:30 5.1 2i20 1.3 9:13 8.6
6 1-20 2.9 8:00 6.2 3:00 0.8 10:05 3.8
7 2-10 3.1 8:30 5.3 8:38 0.3 10:511 4.0
8 2:5S S.lf 9:03 5.4j 4:131— 0.1 111:25| 4.2
NOTE— *fn the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the. successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings, of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height,' and then the number
given Is subtracted from \u25a0 the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters."
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange,- San Francisco, Cal.,
Saturday, December 30, 1905.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Movement* of Steamer*.
TO ARRIVE.
- Steamer. From. I Due.
South Bay... San Diego ........ .....|Dec. 31
Elizabeth Coqullle River . ...|Dec. 31
Curacao...... Mexican Ports Dec. 31
Senator... Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 31
S. Monica . . : . San Pedro Dec. 81
F. Kilburn Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 31
Sea Foam Mendocino & Pt. Arena Dec. 31
Breakwater... Coos Bay Dec. 31
K. D011ar. ..." San Pedro Jan. 1
M. Dollar San Pedro Jan. 1
Chas. Nelson . . Seattle & Tacoma .... Jan. 1
Homer. Portland & Astoria..... Jan. 1
Jeanle Los Angeles Ports. .. ..| Jan. 1
Eureka Humboldt ..Jan. 1
C0r0na. ...... Humboldt ..' Jan. 1
M. F. Plant.. . Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 1
Centralta Grays Harbor Jan. 1
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports. . . . Jan. 1
State Cal San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 1
F. Leggett... Humboldt ...Jan. 1
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Jan. 2
Keldar Nanaimo Jan. 2
Del Norte Crescent City Jan. 2
Bonita Newport & Way Pts.. Jan. '2
Northland. . . . San Pedro .......'...... Jan. 2
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham. . Jan. 3
Amer. Maru.. China and Japan Jan. 3
Peru New York via Ancon.. Jan. 3
W. Kruger. . . Portland & Astoria. . . . Jan. 3
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 4
Porno • • Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 4
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 4
.Cascade...... Portland & Astoria Jan. 4
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria.... Jan. .4
North Fork... Humboldt ..:.......... Jan. 4
Nebraskan.... Honolulu & Kahului... Jan. 8
Coos 8ay..... San Pedro & Way Pts. Jan. 6
Umatilla Puget Sound P0rt5. ..... Jan. 6
Chehalis...... Grays, Harbor ......... Jan. 7
G. Llndauer. . 3rays Harbor ......... Jan. 7
Newport New York via Ancon.. . I Jan. 8
Newburg. . . . . Grays Harbor ....... ..IJaJi. 8
Alameda. .... Honolulu ...... ... ...... |Jan. „ 9
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails Pier.
-\u25a0"."; "'' :".. \u25a0'\u25a0"•"\u25a0' December V 31^
South Bay. . Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 27
Norwood... Grays Harbor ..... 2 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen... Grays Harbor ;;..". 4 pm Pier 16
S. Monica.'. Grays : Harbor "..".. 4 pm Pier 2
J. HißElns. Angeles Port*. 11 am Pier 2
Vanguard.. Humboldt ........ 5 pro Pier 27
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. 9am Pier 11
Pomona.... Humb01dt, ......... 1:30 p Pier '<:&;
Queen ...... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
• January 1:" 1-, •
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.| oam Pier 11
OentraUa... Ixis Angeles. Ports. 10 am Pier 10'
IT. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Jnuuary-2.'" . ' •
Jeanie. Astoria & Portland. | spm Pier 5
R. Dollar.. Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pm Pier 20
Elizabeth.. Cof|Ulll» River- ..;;| spm Pler,2o
Senator.... Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
Northland.. Astoria & Portland]; 5 pm Pier 27
\u25a0Innnnry 3. I • |
V. Kilburn. Portland & Way...] 2 pm|P!er 20
Homer..... Astoria & Portlandl 4 pm|Pler 24
Kureka. . . . . Humboldt - .} . . ..'. . . | 9 am| Pier \u25a0:. 5
.Watson...".. Seattle & Tacoma. :|G pm Pier 20
C0r0na..... Humboldt ......'... l:3opPler- 9
M." F. Plant Coos Bay T4 pm Pier 11
Sea Foam.. Point Arena .': . V.. 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic...... Humboldt .:".:."...'. 9 am Pier- 2
Breakwater Coos Bay ..'..:... 5 pmlPler 8
Denderah..". Hamburg, &. Way.'. 12- mjPler.l9
Junuary 4. I " |' \u25a0
State of Cal San Diego ; & • Way.) 9 amlPier 11
Ventura...: Sydney & Way Pts. 2pm!Pler.7
January 5. v v ,|"
Chas Nelson Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm! Pier 20
Bonlta. .'.';. Newport & -Way. . 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget * Sound . Ports 11 amjPier »0
'\u25a0\u25a0 -•/\u25a0. - : January :6."'..'. I-"\u25a0-\u25a0-|-,v;',;-<-'I -"\u25a0-\u25a0 -| -,v ; ',;-<-'
Rainier..... Seattle & Bel'ham. 12 :ml Pier 10
P0rn0. . . . . . Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier • 2
N. Fork.'...' Humboldt ..:...... 9 amlPier 20
City. Sydney N. V."i via "Ancon ;'. 12 : mfpler 40
••• :. January 'T.':' l — ,] ~ : ' ;^: ,:\u25a0\u25a0
Columbia... Astoria, &:"Portlandlll : amJPier 24
Curacao..'.. Mexican ; Ports :'..;. (10 am|Pier 11
* Jannnry 10. '•"' ' \u25a0 - \u25a0'\u25a0-'.\u25a0
Coptic...... China: & Japan :..*. l;pm Pier 40
Umatllla. : . Puget>Sound _ Porte ll : 'am Pier . 9
FROM ! : SEATTLE.
' Destination. \u25a0-; Sails."
Santa Clara.:. Seward '& Way Ports.:; JaiC "-' 1
Jefferson..... Skagway ;& >Way ' Ports. Jan '3
Farallon.;r.r. Skagway. &* Way .Ports. Jan./ 7
Cottage City . t Skagway & Way • Ports. Jan. 10
Bertha.'..;... Cooks Inlet & Way PU. Jan.' 10
CITY OF ROSES
IS PROSPEROUS
Review of Building Opera
tions in Sonoma County
Seat Shows Great Progress
ONE MILLION EXPENDED
Improvements of the Last
Year Give Metropolitan
Appearance to the Town
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 30. — A review of
the building operations of the last year
in Santa Rosa shows that there has
been nearly $1,000,000 invested In im
provements within the last twelve
months. The list of new structures in
cludes business blocks and residences.
The largest and most important build
ings of the year are not yet completed.
They, are the Masonic Temple and a
ten-room, two-story school building,
both of which are being constructed of
stone and brick. The city Is fast tak
ing on a metropolitan appearance.
Many Eastern people are coming to
the county and the prospects are for a
much larger number for. the coming
year. Business has never been better
and all classes are enjoying great pros
perity.
MAKE BIG OIL STRIKE
NEAR TOAVN OF TESLA
Stocktonian Brings News of
Important Discovery to
/Slough City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Dec. 30.— 8y an apparently
reliable medium the news of a strike of
oil at Carnegie was brought to Stockton
to-day. A Stocktonian returning from
Tesla said he had been Informed there
that oil had been struck yesterday, and
that the president of the company han
dling the various industries In that local
ity had been notified of the strike und
had gone to the place in haste. The in
formant said he had seen the oil oozing
from the well, about which there was a
crowd of men. His train was about to de
part and he had no time to make a close
inspection, but there appears to be a con
siderable quantity of the oil, which re
sembled the Bakersfield product in ap
pearance. Carnegie is located three miles
this side of Tesla, on the line of the
Tesla coal road, which line is now the
property of the "Western Pacific
HIGH SCHOOL AT lIAXFOKD
TO BE GREATL.Y I3IPROVED
Residents of District Vote to Make
a Bond Issue of
910,000.
HANFORD, Dec. 30.— Hanford Union
High School district voted- to rajee
$10,000 by bonds Friday to build an
addition to the school and Install a new
heating apparatus. Out of a total of
563 3SO voted yes. The country dis
tricts voted against the proposition. In
Hanford a large majority voted yes.
This is the third election. The first
was lost, the second was carried and
then turned down on account of an il
legality. •
Make Two We Wine Sales.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 30. — Two large
sales of new wino have been reported,
probably at the highest price of the
season. The Fricke cellar in Dry
Creek Valley, above HealdsbUrg, sold
35,000 gallons of choice wine at 19%
cents, and the Hallengren cellar, near
by, sold 45,000 gallons for 19 cents.
Shilling & Co. secured the first lot and
Gundlach & Bundschu the second.
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
Weather Resort.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time,) ,
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 30—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
33oston OS-40iNew York ..,..'..54-36
Chicago 38-24 Philadelphia 54-3S
Cincinnati ..41-32| Pittsburg 40-30
Honolulu .78-70 St. Louis 42-32
Jacksonville .C 4-44 Washington 54-38
New Orleans 00-44
SAN FRANCISCO .52-40
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season, and rainfall In last twenty
four hours :?^'iS^
Lost This Last
Stations — -24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ' 17.25
Red Bluff 0.50 4.15 14.61
Sacramento 0.18 1.76 ; 8.71
San Francisco 0.32 2.97 10.11
San Jose 0.16 3.34 7.06
Fresno •• 0.00 1:84 R. 31
Independence 0.00 0.43 0.45
San Luis Obispo ... 0.00 2.10 4.96
Los Angeles ......." 0.00 3.11 1.00
San Diego 0.00 \u0084 4.45 1.62
THE COAST RKCORD.
~~ B .'. g % O , -- 02
2 3g33 aft' g* \u25a0\u25a0.«•
stations.- !T •§! S3- : § s~ . P
t-3r.il • ™ c
Baker ........ 20. 6S 28 12 S Pt.Cldy .04
Reno .........ai.Sli 44 10 SW Snow .04
Fresno .......30.12 46 34 E Cloudy .00
S. 32. Farallon.3o.lo 62 49 N"W Pt.Cldy .2S
Flagstaff . . . . .30.26 32—14 SW Clear .12
Independence .29.08 42 20 *SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles ..30.14 64 44 SW Clear .00
Mf. Tamalpals.3o. lo 43 37 NW Clear .30
Phoenix ..;... 30. 10 50 32 S dear .00
Polr.t Reyes ..30.04 52 47 NW PtXldy .04
Pccatello .....29.98 22 10 B Snow T.
Portland" .29.82 44 3G \V Cloudy .78
Red Bluff ....30.06 42 34 S Cloudy .50
RoKeburgr . ... .29.08 44 30 E Cloudy 1.04
Sacramento ..30.10 44 32 • S Pt.Cldy .18
Salt Lake ...30.02 26 8 S Cloudy T.
San Francisco. 3o.l6 52 40 NW Cloudy -.32
San Jose ...... ">O.lB '54 S2 N Rain - .16
S. L. Oblspo.\3O.lB 58 38 W Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego ....30.14 62 42 "W - Clear .00
Seattle : . ... . . .29.74 42 3t NW Cloudy 1.23
Spokane .... ..29.66 82. 20 B Cloudy .26
Tatoosh ......20.78 46 3? NW Clear .18
Walla Walla. .29.60 48 32 SW Rain • .04
Winnemucca ..29.84 28 2,S Snow .26
Yuma .. ......30.16 :B8 38 SE . Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST.-
A ~ storm of large area in. movins across the
northern . half of the Pacific Slope. ' Rain has
fallen i from San Jose northward, with heavy
snow- In \u25a0. th« ; Sierras and • In Northern ' Nevada.
. / Squally weather prevails at sea and storm
warnings \u25a0 are displayed ; along the coast. The
following high -Winds ; have occurred: - Mount
Tamalpais. 65, V northwest; Point : Reyes, 60
northwest: \u25a0 Farallones, ; 34. , northwest; Sacra
mento. 34. ;BOUth: Red Bluff 3(5. south- Port
land. 26,' v west. The- outlook Is for showery
weather : Sunday and \u25a0 possibly ' Monday.
• -FORECAST FOR DECEMBER 31.
\: San Francisco and vicinity — Showers Sunday;
f resh . west ' winds; : : %\u25a0
\u25a0 . lx>s! Angeles and ' vicinity— Cloudy \u25a0 and un
i settled ' weather Sunday, probably . rain; brisk
to high, southerly winds.; . , •
iv Sacramento 'Valley— Showers Sunday; fresh
southerly v winds. '^\u25a0••.'^l \u25a0 . ,
San % Valley — Showers Sunday; brisk
to high f north. winds. . - .
'• • Coast — Showers «: Sunday ; • ; brisk . southwest
winds.'" '" - • \u25a0 \u25a0 .. \u25a0 \u25a0""\u25a0
Nevada— Snow: c. warmer. Sunday.
Al O. McADIB,> District Forecaater.
EMMONS' CASE
IS A PUZZLER
Briber Free to Leave Jail, as
He Has Never Legally Been
Given Up by Bondsmen
WAITING FOE HIS WIFE
Voluntary Surrender of the
Ex-Senator Not Due to a
Desire to Free Sureties
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 30.— An air of
something approaching the mysterious
surrounds the voluntary location ot for
mer Senator E. J. Bmmons in the County
Jail In this city. Emmons, It will be re
membered, was never surrendered by his
bondsmen and his bonds have never been
presented in court for cancellation. Sher
iff Reese has never been served with a
legal notification of the surrender of Em
mons or with the r,etum of his bonds, and
spends considerable time wondering how
it happens that he has a boarder and not
the scratch of a p«n or a record of the
court to warrant him in holding Emmons.
Emmons was not surrendered to the
Sheriff by his bondsmen or by any of
them. If these is a feeling of unrest
among the bondsmen there is no record
of it In Sacramento County.
Nor Is that all. It transpires that Ein
mons did not come to this city for the
purpose of surrendering himself to the
Sheriff. Emmons said as much himself
to a number of the county officers. It
was for an entirely different purpose, ac
cording to his own statement, namely,
because he expected his wife to follow
him to Sacramento. She has not yet ar
rived here. He voluntarily walKed Into
the County Jail and asked to be locked
up, but It now appears that If the fancy
strikes him he can walk out and his
bondsmen still will be responsible. Such
Is the opinion of Assistant District At
torney J. K. Hughes.
\u25a0> Judge E. C. Hart said: "If Emmons
did not surrender himself for the purpose
of releasing his bondsmen the Sheriff has
no authority to hold him in case he de
sires to get out. and Emmons gave me
to understand that it was for a widely
different reason that ho entered the
County JaiL"
INVESTS LAKGE SUMS '
IN TIMBER LANDS
Thousands of Acres Are
Bought by a Big Box
Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 31.— The National Lum
ber and Box Company of Hoqulam has
purchased from the Weyerhauser Timber
Company 100 sections of timber land in
Chehalis County, paying $2 a thousand
stumpage. The tract brings about $1,500,="
000, or one-quarter as much as Weyer
hauser paid the Northern Pacific jjeyeral
years ago for the railroad's entire timber
land holdings In Oregon and Washington.
The land now sold has greatly Increased
in value since that time. The National
Company has also purchased 1400 acres
of timber land on Humptulip River from
Charles Davis of Saginaw, Mich., for $50,
000. It has just completed one of the larg
est mills on Grays \u25a0 Harbor at Hoqulam.
The principal stockholders are Henry
Wick, a new York millionaire, and Finch
& Campbell of Spokane.' .7:7^
PIONEER ODD FELLOW
RECEIVES A JEWEL
Petaluma Lodge Recognizes
Standing of Veteran in
the Order. X:
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
PETAL.UMA. Dec. 30.— William Zart
man, a pioneer resident ot Petaluma and
for fifty years an Odd Fellow, was hon
ored by Petaluma Lodge No. 20 at Odd
Fellows' Hall Friday evening. Mr. Zart
man was presented with a veteran's jewel,
the second to be presented to an Odd Fel
low in the State cf California, Elaborate
preparations had been made by the local
members, and a programme and banquet
were features of the evening. Mr. Zan
man came to California by way of the
isthmus of Panama in the days of '49, and
joined Petaluma Lodge when It was only
a year old. He was born In Pennsylvania
on October 29, 1829.
SAX DIEGO LIdUOU lIEAJLKRS
WANT COUNCILMAN RECALLED
Saloon Men Take Advantage of New
Charter Provision and Circu
late Petitions.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 30. — The recall pro
vision recently welded to the city char
ter is being used promiscuously.
As a result of a factional fight
between the saloon and the anti
saloon elements a petition of re
call Is being circulated against
Councilman J. N. Reynolds of the
Seventh Ward. Three papers are be
ing offered for signature by the anti
saloon faction In this ward. Another
petition Is being circulated in the First
Ward for the recall of Councilman
Thorpe and if the threats of the anti
saloon people are carried out recall pe
titions will be used against the Coun
cilmen of four other wards.
New "Cnptnin of the Yard."
VALLF.JO, Dec. 30. — Captain A. Mc-
Crackln, who has just been appointed
captain of the Mare Island navy yard,
has arrived here and is reudy to assume
command. McCrackln was formerly In
charge of the ordnance department at
this station.
Heir Born to Bob I.enndro.
Bob Leandro, the popular member of
the Olympic Club, is the proud father of
a bouncing twelves-pound boy. The
stork arrived last night at the Leandro
residence, 1114 Webster street.. The
father was kept busy all evening re
ceiving, the congratulations and good
wishes of his numerous friends. The
mother and child are progressing fa
vorably.*
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page 45.
WOODWARD— In this city, December 30.-1906.-
at her residence. 557 Sanchez street, Meluida
Woodward, beloved mother of Louis and
John Engelke, a native of England.
(C7>Jotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at • the chasel of Charles H. J. Truman A
Co^.- 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
Members of the Ancient Order of Foreat-
" era resldln* in San Francisco and sojourn-
Ing members are hereby requested to attend
the funeral of - our late brother. Robert F.
SleiKhtan. to-day, at 12:30 o'clock.
J. FALCONER, P. S.
CARD OF THANKS.
\u25a0 Koerner — We hereby • tender our heartfelt
thanks . to the many kind friends and ae-
quantances, as, well as the officers and mem-
bers of the Verein Emtracht, . for the many
acts of kindness, comforting sympathy and
beautiful floral offering during our late be-
reavement In the loss of a loving husband
i \u25a0 and father, Christian Koerner. .
MRS. MARIA KOERXBR.
:;?.-.. MRS. C. WOLF.
MRS. J. W. ROSE.
COURT DENIES
AN INJUNCTION
Santa Cruz Judge Eefnses
to Enjoin Company From
Operating on Stream Banks
COMPLAINANTS LOSEKS
Eefineiy 3lust Be Given a
Chance to Answer Charge
That Concern Is Nuisance
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 30.->ludse Smith
rendered a decision to-day In th* appli
cation of District Attorney Knight, act
ing for the Supervisors, for a temporary
order enjoining the Rialto Refining Com
pany from operating Ita refinery near
Sargents. In th! 3 county, and polluting
the waters of Pescadero Creek and Pa-
Jaro River with refuse. The applicatlorL.
for the injunction was denied. Juda^
Smith holding that as the matter can th
heard and finally determlnd within k
short time, It Is not necessary to stop
the company from pursuing Its business
until a full hearing can be given all per
sons concerned. People living In th»
neighborhood of: the refinery complained
to the Supervisors that the refuse from
the refinery was becoming a cause of In
jury to the health of persons and cattle
along the banks 0* the two streams. Th«
Rialto Company 13 said to be a subsidiary
company of the Standard OIL
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL STOCK
— O3T—
THE GERMAN
Savings and Loan Society
\u25b2 corporation doing business at Na. 528 Cali-
fornia street.
DATED DECEMBER. SO, 1805.
CAPITAL STOCK, actually
paid up In gold coin. . . .$1,000,000 00
RESERVE] FUND, actually
paid up In gold coin 1,250,000 00
F. TILLMANN Jr..
President of the Germaa Savings and Loaa
Society.
GEORGE TOURNT.
Secretary of th» Germaa Savings and Loan
Society.
State of California. City and County of Saa
Francisco— ss. v 1
F. TILLMANN' Jr. and GEORGE TOURNTW
being each separately, duly sworn, each MSP
himself, says: That said F. TILLMANN JWTS
Is president and that eaid GEORGE TOURNT
is secretary 0/ The German Savings and Loan
Society, the corporation above mentioned, and
that tha foregoing statement Is true.
F. TILLMANN Jr.
GEORGE TOURNT.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this SOth
day of December. lOCS.
(Seal) GEO. T. KNOX
Nctary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
SEVENTY-SIXTH HALF YEARLY
REPORT
— OF—
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN
:'\u25a0\u25a0 i'j.i- society.
528 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
SWORN STATEMENT
Of the condition and value of the Assets and
Liabilities of The German Savings and Loan
Society, a corporation doing business at No. SUtS
California street. In the City and County of
San Francisco. State ot California, and where
said assets are situated, on December 30. 19C5.
ASSETS.
1—13.000.000 United States 4 per
cant recistered
vt-'V. Bonds of 1925. the
value of which Is. * $3,937,500 00
13.000,000 United States 2 per
cent registered
Bonds of 1830. the
value of which Is. . 3,097,500 00
Of these bonds
$5,000,000 are kept In
./ a safe In the vault
1 "• ' of and rented from
the New Tork Stock
Exchange- Building
Company In New
Tork City and th» sg
remainder In tho
vaults of the> Cor-
poration. C >
15.657.354 Miscellaneous Rail- Ag
road. Cable and \fT.
Street Railway.
Light and other
Corporation Bonds
and shaxtt ot
Stock, the valu« of
which Is 7.053.100 W
All of said Bonds
and Shares of Stock
ar» kept In tn«
vaults of th» - Cor-
poration.
$12,667,354 $14,07X100 «6
Standing on ta» book* of tn*
corporation at $12,620,81011
2 — Promissory notes secured by
first lien on real estate, within
this State, the States of Oregon.
Washington. Utah. Nevada and
Idaho, and Territory of Ha-
waii. The vain* ot said prom-
issory notes Is M.I3S.SNM
B—Miscellaneous8 — Miscellaneous Railroad. Strsat
Railway and other Corporation
Bonds and Stock Certificates
pledged to the Society for the
amount of 022,779 03
The Notes and said Bonds
and Certificates are held and
kept by said corporation In Its
own vaults.
4 — Bank Building and Lot. the
value of which) Is SO. POO OO
s— Other Real Estate situated In
the States of California. Oregon
and Washington, the value of
which Is 1 370.04508
6 — Furniture in bank office of said
Corporation 1,00000
7 — Cash on hand kept by said
Corporation In Its own vaults., t.444, 435 97
Total $41,528,532 19
LIABILITIES. V/C
I—To1 — To Depositors: Said Corpora- a*u
tlon owes Deposits amounting s •
to. and the value of which is. $39.112 512 SS
2 — To Stockholders: The amount
of Capital Stock actually paid
up. the value of which is 1,000.000 00
The condition of said liabil-
ity to Rtockhoiden rs. that no
part of the amount can be paid •
to them, or in any way be
withdrawn, except In payment
. .of > losses during the existence
of the Corporation, nor until
all Depositors shall have been < .
j paid in full the amount
of their deposits and declared
• dividends.
3 — To Depositors and Stock-
holders :
<a> The Rwerve Fund, the
value of which Is 1.250,fiC0 00
Including the amount of ma-
tared but uncollected interest
en loans.
<b> The Contingent Fund, the
value of whtch Ut 76.703 61
The condition of said Funds
" Is." that the same have been
created t<rr the purpose of ad-
ditional security to Depositors
against losses.
4— State. City and County Taxes
assessed by the Government,
but nat yet payable «M9W It
Total $41,526,533 t8
F. TILLMANN JR..
President of the German Savings and Loan
Society.
G7X>. TOinOfT.
Secretary of the German Savings and Loan
Society.
State of California. City and County of San
Francisco — *s.' - ,
F. TILLMANN JR. and GEORGE TOURNT
betas ep.ch separately, duty sworn, each I a
himself says: That said F. TILLMANN JOjl
President, anl that said GEO. TOUTT% •
Is Secretary of the German Savings and lat
Society, the Corporation above mentioned, and
that the foregoing statement la true.
x F. TILLMANN JR..
- \u0084' _, GEO. TOURNT.
Subscribed and sworn to before me tnla SOth
day of December. 1903.
(Seal) GEO. T. KNOX. Notary PuaHtxCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY?. OF THE MARKETS.
New York Stocks irregular but firm. Cotton Exchange closed.
Very little trading in local Stocks and Bonds.
Bank Clearings gain $299,918,652 over the year 1904.
Shipwent of $178,542 in Treasure to the Orient.
IF heat market inactive. Barley Futures loiver.
Oats, Corn, Hay and Feedstufrs unchanged.
Bean market firm, with Limas pointing upward.
Butter and Eggs lourr. Cheese unchanged.
Provision and Meat markets as prez'iou sly quoted.
Nothing new in Wool, Hops or Hides.
Potato and Onion markets well supplied and quiet.
Poultry zccll cleaned up, with Turkeys high and firm.
Game market veil supplied, but generally firm.
Fruit market quiet and well supplied.
Local Mint Coinage much smaller them last year.
Customs receipts $413,000 less than in 1904.
- To- Morrow a Holiday. ... (
To-morrow being Jf*w Year's and a legal
holiday, business will be suspended throughout
\u25a0.he United States. -;
San Francisco Bank Clearing*.
Local bank clearings last week were $33,-
J78.167. against $27,812,643 for the same week i
:n 1804. The clearings ln December were \
5ie7.177.153. against $140,340,484 for December, !
1604. For the calendar year cf 1605 they were |
51.534.549.759, against $1.634. 631. 13T ln 1904.
This increase of $26,836,669 ln December and
S:»9.eiB.eE2 in the calendar year of 16» Is a
.-cost excellent exhibit of the expansion of
seaeral trade ln San Francisco during the
year Just closed. ________
Customs Receipts.
The receipts cf duties on imports at the Ban
rrancitco Custom-house during the month of
December were $510,79S 87. against $565,517 61
lor the same month in 1904.
The monthly collections for the year ending
10-dey, compared with thoee ©f 1904, were as
foQfirai
Months — 1904. 1905.
,;amiery $632,147 64 $658,990 04
February 618.119 43 493,289 89
March .-. C 57.433 61 M 2.445 69
April „ 679.95450 515.€54 73
May 4f.3.8575S €28.937 01
Jane 638.73112 608,698 24
July : 613.35268 601.655 11
Auguot 655.88015 676,468 96:
P«pteniber 665.186 26 602,528 80
• October 655.21195 606.707 20
November 803.79108 680.028 83
i'ecember 665,517 61 810.798 87
Totals $7,544.33311 $7,121.827 23
The receipts during the year ending to-day
• orr- $413,005 S3 less than in 1604. The total
receipt* for 1903 -were $7,621,157 08. against
JT.645.453 86 ln 1&02.
Local Mint Cotnaffe.
The coinage of American money at the
n'ted Stales branch mint ln this city in De
=rnb«- consisted of $920,000 ln half eagles.
103.000 ln quarter-dollars and $127,000 In
limes. • making a total cf $1,150,000. There
ere also 132,000 Philippine silver pesos coined.
n December, 1904. the coinage consisted of
71.000 In United States half-doJlare. 400.000
•?sos for the republic of Salvador and Philip
>ine coins ln 10-centavo pieces. 20-cents.vo
leces said pesos equivalent to 422,000 pesos.
The octput of United States coin for the past
wo calendar years compares as follows:
. .. - ISO 4. 1605.
double -eagles . . . if 102.653.600 $38,260,000 00
:agles .j^-.. - 5,692.50000
ialf -eagres " . . . . . . 485.000 4,403,600 00
tandard dollars... 2,804,000
lalf-doliars 276,519 1.247,000 00
Juaner-fiollars 471,000 00
Kmes M> 000 655.519 60
Total* $106.62».01» $46,759,519 &0
The colnafre of Philippine money ln 1605 con
isied of 5,056,000 ctandard pesos, 426,000 pesos
1 50-centavo pieces and 64.0C0 pesos in 20
entavo piece*, making a total of 6,566,000 pe
os, against 8,596,000 peeos in 1604. . The coin
ge la 1901 broke all previous records, the to
a.l number of pieces coined being 23,148,213,
-.eluding the 400,000 Salvadorean pesos and the
'hl!ippine coinage.
EASTERN' MARKETS.
Xe— Tork Money Market.
XBW YORK, Dec. 80. — Money on call nor
n so loans. Time loans strong. Sixty caA
ninety cays ana six months. 6 per cent and
f eommiseton for the shorter periods, making
the rate 7 per cent or more. Prime mercantile
peper, 6 pet cent. Sterling exchange firm,
with actual business in backers' bills at
U.U40&4.&550 for demand and at $4.52@4.5225
for sixty-day bills. Posted rates, $4 53&4 83%
end $4 £6%<54 67. Commercial bills. $4 61%@
1 4 81%. Bar silver. 64^*c Mexican dollars,
SOc. Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads,
ctea£y.
Xew York Stock List.
E. F. Huttca & Co.. 490 California street,
I Ean" Francisco, members of the New York
' Stock Excbaage. furnish the following official
' suotatlona of that Exchange:
Sales. STOCKS. \lV.sh\hovr.\ Bid. 1 Ask.
....... ACems Express 235 250
SCO, A". its Chalmers.. 23% 22 I 22% 22%
Do pfd 61% 63
186,900 AmaJg Copper . 111% 108% 110 110%
SKK> Am Beet Sugar.. S5 34%t 82 34%
rrrr do pm so ss
Am Can Co 10 10%
Do pfd 6&U) 70
8,000 Am Car A. Fy Co 41% 40% | 40^4 41%
600 Do pfd |10O%!100 99Mt IV}U,
4,100 Am Cotton Oil.. 2»% 36% 3S<* 39
Do pfd 62ii S3
Am Diet Tel 87 43
". Am Kxpresa 220 22S
....... Am Gr TwlmOo IQU 10%
SOO Am Hlce & L... »% 9% 9% 9%
100 Do pfd 42 41% 41% 42
Am LJnseed 21% 22
Do Pfd 42 43%
83,900* Am Locomotive. 76 1; 78% 75% 76
200 Do pfd 117% 117 117 118
Am Malt 4% 5
Do pfd 25% 26%
25.800 Am Sm & Rf Co 170% 165% 166% 16*>%
1,800) Do pfd 120 129 129 129%
17,900{Am Sugar 163% 152 152% 163
1 Do pfd 138 140
4,400 An Steel Furies 14% 14% 14% 14%
600 Do pfd 42!4 42% 42% 42%
Am T*l tc T Cto 139% 141
. 800 Am Tob pfd 106 105%ll05T« 106
I 1,000! Am Woolen 42% 42% 42J* 42%
L 5CO| ' lsO pfd 106 105% 105 106
iaSa. 300; Anaconda 295 2bo 255%'289
r ,Ar.n Arbor 32 87
___>'•\u25a0•} I)c pfd , 75 80
37 {Arcadian 4% • 4*4
[. Atlan Coast Line isg ieo'
1 10,W|AT&aF...... BS>4 88% 88% 89
100) Do pfd 105 105 104% 105%
, *60uBalt A Ohio 113% 113 113 113%
I Do pfd 98 eg 2
.....:. Bay State Ga» v at
IO.SOOjB R T 89% 68% BS% 89
' Brock Un Gas 175 185
.- Bruns D & 1 18 1914
..IButterlck Co 63 60
.•• Canada Southern 69*t 70%
8.&00 Carafilan Pacific 175*4 173% 173% 174
l.&OOiCent Leather ... 45% 45% 45% 45%
200 C A 0 56% 56 MU 661't
100 C & A S2 82 32 S3
, I Do pfd 69 74x4
C & El Pfd ISO 139
I «C I & L pfd 76U 05
I.SOOC&GW ... ji% 21% 21 £ 21%
Do pfd A 7<j£i 77
! 400 Do Pfd B 35% 84% 33 35%
, Do debs m o. 7*7 *
>. 2.300 ! C &N W 224 !223' ' 222% 223
\u25a0.^\u25a0 c^M t : f:::::!5i 14 IJIi''Jg«ig-
C6OO CRI4 T (new) 24% 24 24 24%
. 800 Do pfd 62% 62 q_u
...... .jCy.icago Term . 15^ 16
|V»6 Chicago u'frsx ~VZ% 'ik% 12% 13 .
I'i'sOO C C°C P & 6t '£.! '. '. 108% 107% 105^ 10?
W- j.DDpfd 118 120
* -JCJeve Lor & W 75 85
.......j -Do pfd 105 110
6,OOCMCoIo Fuel « 1... 57% 66% 68% 6f1%
'....... Do pfd 69% 95
k"*;;^' Colutn H c & 1... 17% 17%
W \u25a0'•*?0;Colo? 0 ;Colo South 30% 29% 28% 30%
If 4'2^i "S 0 Ut PM— 69% 69 69% 70
f t?2SL Do 24 Pfd.... M% 63 54% 64%
I riJSiS? 1 " 011 **** Gas IR3 181 161 181%
T 00 ™ Products... .1«% JB% IS% 19
ME J^ cl T & Hudson.. ..... ..... 223 22S
WoVf^R ....450 465
-' Detroit. Un Ry.. ' **' %i* S
Detroit South... 1 ] O u 11
\ ! Do pfd i? % _X
Diamond Match -* *a<m i2j
1 2.800 Dtatlllln, I^^
.........iDU See Bonds..{ „.. 84*; 64 V4 '
iDuluth 8 8 & A I l'J 19%
200 Do pfd 40% 40 40V4 40%
20.300 Erie 49H 46% 4S& 48%
1,000 Do Ist pfd 81 Vi 81 60% 81
Do 2d pfd 74% 75
E & T H 75 80
Do pfd 85 95
600 Federal M & S. 139% 139 138% 139%
800 Do pfd 107% 107 107 107%
Ft W & D C 73% 76
General Cnexn 73 78
200 Do pfd 106 105 105 106
SOOiGeneral Electric 177% 177 176 177
1.200 Great North pfd 291% 290% 290 291
10,000 Greene Oons Cop 31 29% 30% 80%
Greene Gold 3% 8;i
Havana Tob Co 80 32
Do pfd 40 42
600 Hocking Valley. 120% 117% 117 119%
200 Do pfd 64 94 91% 95%
100 Illinois Central.. 175 Vi 175V4 175V4 176
Interboro 235 236
Intl Marine 12% 13
Do pfd 82% 34
8,800 Intl Paper 23% 22% 23V*i 23%
1,000 Do pfd 85% 84% 85 85%
2,000 Intl Power CO 56 CS% 60
Intl Pump 26 30
Do pfd 78 78%
1,000 lowa Central.... 29% 29% 29% 30
700 Do pfd 69V4 68 Vi 69 59Vi
Kan & Mich 56 57%
KCFS&Mpfd 82% 82V4
COOK C Southern... 55% S5 34% 35
400 Do pfd 67 67 67V4 67%
Keokuk & Dcs M 15 17
Ladede Gas pfd 95 110
L Erie A West 40 43%
Do pfd 92 95-
Lehigh Valley 80% 81%
Long Island 60 67
1.400 Louis & Nash... 162% 152 151% 152
Mackay 58% 69
I Do pfd 173 73%
SOOjManhattan "... 162 162%
8.300 Met Securities... 75% 73 V4 73% 74
7,100 Met St Ry. . 125 124 124% 125
2,800 Mexican Central. 25% 25V4 25% 25%
400 Minn & St L 81% 81 V4 81 82
200 Do Ist pfd 100V4 100V4 100 100%
1,SOO;M. St P&B S M 144 143 143% 144
1.600J Do pfd 173 165% 171% 172
2,100 Mo, Kan & Tex. 87% 37% 37 37%
100 Do pfd 71 71 70% 71
l.SOOjMlssouii Pacific. 101 V4 100 Vi 10OV4 100%
iNaah. C&St L. 148 152
2. 7oo; National Lead... 65% 84% 83% 84
Do pfd 102 103%
NU R R Mcx pfd 36 40
16,500 National Biscuit. 6»V6 67% 68% 69
300 Do pfd 115 115 113% 113
200, New Jersey Cen. 223 222 221 22.1
I.BOO|N V Airbrake... 162 161% 161% 163
6.2OOJ New York Oen..- 103% 152% 152% 132%
N V Cent Rights 634 6%
1.100 N V, C & St L. t»% C 9 09% 70
Do Ist pfd 113% 114%
....... Do 2d pfd.. 89 91
8.000 Nevada 11% 11% 11% 11%
-.......-New York Dock. ..... ..... 31 84 -
NY. N HAH .192 193
1.400JN Y. Ont & W. C2J4 52% 52V4 52%
8,800:Nortolk & West. 85% 83% 84% 85
Do pfd 00 93
500 North American. 99% 99 99*4 09%
600 Northern Pacific 205% 204Ts 202 205
Omaha 189 192
Do pfd ISS 105
O S L 4s 95% 06
Pacific Coast 102 104
Do Ist pfd * 100 106
Do 2d pfd 104 103
200 Pacific Mall 48% 48% 48 Vi 48%
28,100'Penn R R C 0... 144% 143% 143% 143%
l,Boo,People's Gas 101 100% 100% 101
P. C, C A St L 84% 85
Do pfd 103 112
B.6oo,Preased Steel Carf 55% 64% 55 65V4
200 Do pfd 100V4 100 100 100%
Pullman Car Co 242 250
l,4oo|Ry Steel Springs 61 60 61 61%
200| Do pfd 105 104V4 104% 10T.
66.600 Reading 139% 137 . 138% 139
Do Ist pfd 92 92%
1.600 Do 2d pfd 66% 96% 96% 94
8.700 Republic S A 1.. 34% 33% 31V4 34%
€,200 Do pfd 107V4 106 106% 107
Rubber Goods 34V4 34%
I Do pfd 106V4 106%
800;Sloas-S S & I Co. 89% 89% 89V4 59%
1 Do pfd -. 107. 125
StL & SF Ist pfd 65 67
SOO Do 24 pfd ... 48% «SV4 47% 48
200 St L A S W ... 22V4 2^Vi 22V4 22%
200 Do pfd 49 48% 48 48%
5,200! Southern Pac .. 66% 66 6(1 66%
I Do pfd 117% 118
7,700 Southern Ry ... 36% 35% 35% 35%
300 Do pfd 100V4 100V4 100 100%
Standard Oil ...690- 705
SOOTenn Coal A I. 132% 131% 181% 132%
400] Texas PL T Co. 65% 65% 65. 66
400 Texas Pacific .. 33% 33% S3V4 33%
Third Avenue 137 137%
Toledo R A T/Co 30% 32%
400 Toledo EtlitW 36% 36 86 V 4 36%
700 Do pfd 57% 67 57% 68
400 Twin City R T. 117% 117% 117% 117%
Union Bag A P.. 13% 14
Do Dfd 82% 83
56,900 Union Paciflo .. 161% 150V4 150% 15094
200 Do pfd .. 69% 99 69 100
Do cony 4s ..i 150 150%
United Copper 66Vi 67%
United R of S F 89% 90
Do Pfd BS% 89%
Do 4s ... 86% 87%
2,700 U S Cast-iron P 46% 45% 46 46V4
8,000 Do pfd 04V4 03 94% 84%
U S Express 118% 125
U S Leather ..... 15%
Do pfd 110 117
....... V S Realty AC. 87 89
1,800 U S R & R Co. 32% 80% 32V4 82%
Do pfd 87 89
800 U S Rubber ... 54 63% 62% 63%
Do pfd 87 89
147,600 US Steel Cor .. 43% 42% 43 43%
19,700 Do pfd 107 106% 106% 106%
8,400 Va-Car Chem Co 67% 60 56% 57
Do pfd 116% 118
200 Wabash 20% 20% 20% 20%
200 Do pfd 41 41 40% 41
Do deb Bs 74% 75 i
Wells Fargo Ex. 226 230
200 Western Union. . 93% 03% 93 93%
Westinghouse 178 176
Do Ist pfd 187 196.
700 WALE 18% 18% 18% 19 .
100 Do Ist pfd ... 42% 42% 42% 43%
800 Do 2d pfd ... 26% 26% 26% 26%
Wisconsin Cen 29% 29%
500 Do pfd 61 60% 60% 61%
1,084,000 — Total chares sold.
New York Bond*.
TJ S ref 2s reg..102% Japan 6s. 2d ser. 98%
Do coupon. 103% : Do 4V4«, cert.. 02%
Do 3s reg......102V» Do, 2d series.. 93%
Do c0up0n .....103 L & N. unified 45.106%
Do old 4s reg.lo3 Man con gold 45.1035 i
Do c0up0n... ..10* Mcx Central 45... 81
Do new 4s reg.lSOVi Do Ist mo 25%
Do coupon 130% i Minn & 6t L 4s. 97
Amer Tob 45... . 80%iM, X & Texas 45.100%
Do «s Hi J Do 2ds 89%
Aich pen 45....i103 NR of Mcx con 4s 84%
Ln adj 45..... 64 NYC gen 8%5.. 09%
Atlantic C L 48.101 % N J" C gen 65. ...134%
Bait & Ohio 45.103% Nor Paciflo 45...105V4
Do B%s ....... 68 Do 3s ........ 77%
BrooklynßT o 4s. 09 I Nor,& W con 4s. 101%
Central of Ga 55.113U OS L refdg 45. . . \u25a0 96 -
Do let 1nc.... 93% Pa cony 3%5. ...103% ]
Do 2d inc.... 81% Reading gen 45... 103*, j
Do '3d 1nc....'. "5% S L & I M con 55.116% :
Ches & Ohio 4%5.1C8 SLAS F fg 4s. 87%
Chi & Alton 3%s SO Ist L S W con 4s. 81V4
C. n & Q new 45.101T4 Seaboard A L 4s. 89
C. R I & Pac 4s. 79% j So Pacific 45..... 94 '
Do col 5s :BSJ4i Do Ist 4s cert. 96%
C.C.C & SLgn 45.10.3V4 So Railway 65.... 120%
Colo Ind ss. er A 78% Tex & Paclsts..l2l% ;
Do 5«. eer 8... 78 Tol.St L& W 4s. 83%
Colo Midland 45.. 77- Union Paciflo 45 .'.106%
Colo &So 45... 03% Do cony 4s ....150V4
C«ba 5s 105% U S Steel 2d ss. 96%
Den & Rio G 45.101% Wabash lsts .....115%
Dist Securities 5s 83 | Do deb B 74Vi
Erie prior Hen 4s. 101% Western Md 4s*." 86 :
Do gen 4s .... 6* W& L Erie 4s 01
Hock Val 4%5...10»% Wta.CenSl Z'.'. 05
Japan 6e .....:. 69% t ,;
* Sew York Mining: Stock*.
Adams Con ..... 25! Little Chief -....." 07%
Alice ........... 2 20 Ontario .......... 2 50
Breece .......... 45 Ophlr 5 75 .
Brans Con ..... 67|Phoenlx. «02
Com Tunnel .... OS%| Potosl ........... yj
THE SANI^RANGISCO ;CALi:; SUNDAY; -DECEMBER 31,; 1905:
Con Va Mln Co. 1 25! Savage . . . . .' . 48
Horn Silver . . . . . l: 73 Sierra Nevada. ... ; . 27
Iron Silver 350 Small Hopes . 30
Leadvllle Con .... Otff Standard ........ 350
Bost tin Mock* and : Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel pfd...106%
Call loans 7@9 Westing Common. 85
Time loans . . . . .5%@6 . Mmmg — V
Bonds — Adventure ....... 6
Atchlson 4s . . . ..101% Allouez -40V6
Do adj 4s 93 Amal Co- — ....109%
Mcx Central 45.. 79 Amer Zinc ...... : —
Railroads— Atlantic 28
Atchlson .... 88% Blngham ........ 35
Do pfd ..104% Calumet & Hecla.7lo
Boston &Albany.2sl Centennial .......29
Boston & Malne.l7l Copner Range ... 83%
Boston Elev 153 Daly West ...... 17
Fitchburg pfd...'142 Dom Coal ...... 81
Mcx Central 25V* Franklin ......... 17%
NY.N H & H.I9S Granby .......... 9%
Union Pacific... 150% Isle Royale ..... 24%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining ... . 10%
Amer Arge Chem 22% Michigan .... 17 Vi
Do pfd 91 Mohawk ..61
Amer Pneu Tube. 12% Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 152 North Butte .... 86%
Do pfd, ........139 Old Dominion ...85
Amer Tel & Tel. 137 Osceola . ........ .108
Amer Woolen*... 42 Parr0t,........;... 44
Do pfd. ..105 Qulncy ..........108
Dom Iron & S.. 27% Shannon ......... 7
Ed Elect 11ium.. 243 Tamarack .......119
Gen Electric 176 Trinity .......... 10%
Mass Electric ... 18 United Copper ... 66V4
Do pfd. 60 U S Mining..... 44%
Mass Gas ...... 46 US 0i1.......... 12
United Fruit ...103% Utah ............ 56
Un Shoe Maoh... 73 Victoria 6V4
Do pfd. .. 80% Wlnona SV4
U S Steel. ... 43 Wolverine ..... ..132
THE COPPER STOCKS.
Parrot and Copper Range furnished moat of
the excitement to-day, Parrot advancing five
points on large transactions and Copper Rang*
advancing two^polnts. The rest of the market
held ' steady, but waa not especially active.
It Is said that the rich vein recently opened
In Anaconda has been found In the Parrot, an
other Amalgamated property.
London Closing Stocks. .
Cons for money. 89% N' V Centra 1.... .157%
Do for acct... 89% Nor & Western.. 87%
Anaconda ....... 14Vi Do pfd ........ 65 -
Atchlson 91% Ont & Western.. 63%
Do pfd..... ...108 Pennsylvania .... 74%
Bait & 0hi0..... 117 Rand Mines ..... 6%
Can Pacific 18OV4 Reading 71 U
Ches & Ohio 68 Do Ist pfd. ...'.- 47%
Chi Great West. 22 Do 2d pfd 49%
Chi. Mil & St P. 186% Bo Railway ..... 87%
De Been 17% Do pfd 103
Den & Rio 0... 40V* So Paciflo ....... 68%
Do pfd 00% Union Paciflo ...165% 1
Erie 80% Do pfd 102
. Do Ist pfd..... S3 U S Steel 43
Do 2d pfd 77 Do pfd 110
111 Central ......180% Wabash 21
Louis & Na5h.. .156% Do pfd ...42
M. X & Texas... 88% Spanish 4s 91%.
Bar, eliverr— Steady; 80d per ounce.
Money— 4®4% percent.
The rate of discount in the '-open market
for sl.ort bills Is 4 ' per cent and for j three
months' bills 4 per cent.
New York Bank Statement.
NEW YORK, Deo. 80. — The statement of
the clearirg-house banks for the five days
this week shows that the banks held a surplus
over the legal reserve requirements of $4,
292,573. The statement is as follows:
Loans $1,001,025,000 decrease $5,082,100; de
posits $977,651,300. " decrease $7,377,100; circu
lation $53,096,000, Increase $46,300; legal ten
ders $75,609,800, increase $1,496,100; specie
$173,005,600. decrease $3,207,200; reserve $248,
705,400. decrease $1,711,100; reserve required,
$244,412,825. decrease $1,844,275; surplus. $4,
292,575, increase $133,175; ex-United States
deposits $6,400,050. Increase $79,800.
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— The Cotton Exchange
here is closed to-day. /
New. York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,900 barrels; exports, SSOO barrels; steady
and unchanged. Winter patents, $4 1094 60;
\u25a0winter straights, $3 90®4.
WHEAT — Receipts, 63,000 bushels; exports,
133,701 bushels.- Spot, linn; No. 2 red, 92c ele
vator; No. 2 red, 94c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth, 94% c f. o. .b." afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat.' -':' Ex
cept for December, which fluctuated ' violently
under manipulation, wheat, after ' an easy
opening due to poor cables, developed activity
and strengthened. It advanced on covering,
bull support, big clearances and email esti
mates for world's "shipments, closing '%®%o
net higher. May, 91 %®fl2 3-16 c, closed 92Vic;
July closed 89c; December closed 93c - .
HOPS— Steady. Pacific Coast, 1905. 109
14c; 1904, 9@l2c; olds, 5^ Be.
HIDES— Firm. California. 20925 pounds,
21c
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece,' 85988 c
PETROLEUM— Steady.
Holiday ln coffee and sugar.
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CHEESE — Unchanged.
BGGS — Easier. Western firsts, 270; under
grades, 20320 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet and unchanged. Common are quoted at
7#Bc; nearly prime, o®9%c; prime, 9%99%c;
choice. 10% c; fancy, ll@l2c.
PRUNES — Are very firm on spot, with quo
tations ranging from 4%c to Be.
APRICOTS — Are said to be ln demand for
export, but buyers and sellers • are , . too far
apart in their views to permit of much actual
business. Choice, 9%@10c; extra choice, 10%
@10% c; fancy, 11912 c
PEACHES — Remain quiet, with extra choice,
10c: fancy, 10%@llc; extra fancy, 11%913c
RAISINS are unchanged on spot. Loose
Muscatels are quoted at 6%97%c; seeded
raisins, 6V4®9c, and London layers at $1 60.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— Total imports of
merchandise and 'dry goods at the port of
New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $18,461,618.
Total Imports of specie at. the port of New
York for the week ending to-day were $34,461
sliver and $55,729 gold. .
Total exports of specie from \u00844he port of
New York for the week ending to-day, were
$1,873,072 silver and $250,000 gold.
Ken York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — The metal markets
were quiet and prices were more or less nom
inal, e pot tin was quoted at $35 23@35.30.
Lake and electrolytlo copper, $18 60019 90,
and casting at $18 12%^18 62%.
Lead was unchanged at $5 60^9 95 and
spelter $0 60©6 60.
Iron continued firm, with demand quiet at
the moment \u25a0 :... \u25a0-\u25a0.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grata and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30. — With . the exception of
the first few minutes of trading the wheat
market was strong for . the • entire * day. lAt
the opening \u25a0 local bears sold freely, partly is
a result of lower prices at Liverpool and alao
because of the continued . heavy movement of
wheat ln ' the Northwest. Bull leaders, bow
ever, gave the market good support and prices
soon made a substantial advance. _\u25a0 Later . the
buying became more general because of ' in
creasing outbreaks reported . in Russia, 'it be
ing believed that the situation :there will
eventually lead to a great curtailment of ship
ments of wheat and Othsry grains. ; Further
advices from * Argentina confirming - previous
reports of damage to the wheat crop by rains
also lent strength to the market. An English
statistician estimated - the world's shipments
for *the week at 8,000,000" bushels, against
11,000,000 bushels for the corresponding week
one year ago. This was another feature which
Induced buying. . The market closed firm. T May
opened a shade to %o. lower at 87%@87%c
advanced to BS%O and closed at 87%@8Sc, a
gain of %@%o. \u0084•;; , .
At the opening of "the corn market it was
apparent • that ' few,' \u25a0'• 1f ... any, ? shorts ,- were' not
ln position to , fulfill their contracts . by : mak
ing, deliveries of . cash grains. Longs, ; there
fore, mace no attempt to support the market
and - prices for - both new and old » December
fell steadily throughout the day. . A' decline
of So a bushel from . the '. closing \u25a0 figures of
yesterday \u25a0\u25a0 marked the end of the . dealings of
December corn. •-" Th c ; Belling ; was ', ln • . small
lots and transactions were from lo to 2c apart."
The close waa : at .- 42c, \u25a0 the lowest •' point •of
the day for , old December. ' . New % December
closed with a ; net loss of 8%0 at ' 41c. Future
deliveries > were not affected .by the . slump \u25a0 ln
the December option. • May \u25a0. closed steady . and
%o lower at'44UQ44fsc.,-:' .
The oat market was .very lively. May dosed
practically unchanged at 32%©'32% c. •
, Despite an .- advance of ,; s^loc : ln : the price
of i live hogs \u25a0\u25a0 the . provision market was \u25a0 weak
becaune of persistent- selling, by > local packers.
At the close May pork was off 7% c, lard was
unchanged and ribs 5 were • 2%c . lower." > \u25a0
\u25a0 There will : be no market •. on ; Monday,- New
Year's day. : , \u25a0
' The \u25a0 leading \u25a0 futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open.. High. > Low. Close
No. 8— \u25a0
December ... 83% 84 ' " &3%r 83%
May ........ 87« 88% 87%, . 88™
July . . ..... . 83% : - 84% - 63% 1 \u25a0 84%
Corn No. 2— \u25a0•' . -•\u25a0 • -.:\u25a0.'"
Deo., 01d... 49% 49% 42 42
Dec., new .. 44% 44% ,41
•May; .-.'.'....'. ,44% \u25a0 ',' 44%-'.' , 44U : - * 44%
Ju ii."V"Vo 44^* 44> * =:«%rv -'"449S
O»U No. 2—2 —
December... 82%. ,35 -: 81% - 31U
May......... 32% .'B2V 32%. 32U
July ........ 30^:; 809 i ;•\u25a0 30^ .'30%:
Mess Fork, per barrel — - .. -•-\u25a0-*.;
January ..:. 13 62% .13 66 13 42% -13 47%
May ,.....:.. 13 82% 13 82% 13 72% 13 1
\u25a0 - Lard. '. per 100 pounds— \u25a0:- \u25a0\u25a0 -- -. \u25a0• - -: \u25a0 . .
January \u25a0 . . .'. 7 12% 7 32%" 7 27%' 171 7- 27%
May;....... .-7 60- ; 7 50 7 42% " 1 47%
July ........ 7 62% 7-65 7 62% 768 .
Short Ribs, per 100 Bounds— ". • : "-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '•'\u25a0'-<
January .'...7 17% -7 20 .V 715 .:.'. T2O \u25a0
May ........ 740 » 740 7 32% 7 37%
Ju1yv...;... 748 * :• 760 ~ ' 745 750
Ca«h Grain ; and Provisions.
\u0084 - CHICAGO. : Dec. >' 30.— Cash ; quotations "\u25a0 were
as follows: ; Flour,'; steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
83%@860; ;No.;8,- 82@65cpN0. ; 2 red,.' B7V4@
S9%c; No.~2'corn^42c;'No."',2 yellow/ 42c: No.
2 oats. 81%e; No." 2 white,' 32%@32%c; No.- 3
white. -30%@32%c; No; 2 rye, 64% e; good feed
ing barley, 31% c; fair to choice malting, 41®
40c; No. I J flaxseed,; $1 10; ;No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 16; ; prime ' timothy . need y $3 37% ; I mesa
pork, per barrel. $12 70@12 75; lard, per 100
pounds, $7 30; short clear sides (boxed), $7 30
<3>7 35; whisky, basis , of high wines,' $1 80:
clover, contract grade, $13@13 15. .
Articles^— . . \u25a0- . . ':\u25a0 Receipts-Shipments.
Flour, barrels .........;.. 14,900 .20,300
Wheat, bushels ...;...... r43,000 8,800
Corn, bushed .............524,200 202.800
Oats, bushels .803,500- .'\u25a0'-> 213.700
Rye, i bushels 4.000 . 1,000
Barley, bushels ........... 63,250 36,500
Butter, Cheese and Ebbs.
CHICAGO. Dear 80.-^On the Produce Ex
change! to-day the butter market waa steady;
creameries, 19Q<24%c; dairies, 17@22c. Eggs,
steady at mark, cases Included, 18@23c; firsts,
22c ; \u25a0 prime - firsts, 25c ; - extras, 27c. Cheese,
strong, ll%fi*l3o. .: /\u25a0\u25a0"-I. \u25a0"•'->•'-- :
ELGIN. 111. Dec. 30.— Butter ruled firm to
day, being quoted ' at 26c \u25a0\u25a0 per • pound, an ad
vance of lo from - last - week's prices. Sales
for the week were 475,000 pounds.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Kansas City.
. KANSAS CITY. Dec. SO. — CATTLB — Re
ceipts, 100; market steady. : v : • \u25a0...,
HOGS— Receipts, 6000: 6@7%0 higher. -Bulk,
$5®5 15; heavy, $5 10®5 17%: packerm,' $5©
6 15; pisrs and light, $« 5CK35 07%. - :
SHEEP— Receipts, -'2000; market strong to
10c higher. Muttons. $4 50®«; lambs, $6 75©
7 60: range wethers, $5 40@6 60; fed ewes,
$4.06©5 85. -
Omaha.
OMAHA.' Neb..' Dec. 80.— CATTLE— Receipts,
100; market unchanged, \u25a0' - \u25a0
HOGS— Receipts, 7000; market 6910 c higher.
Heavy. $5 07%@5 17%; mixed, $5 07%©5 10;
light. $505 12%; pigs, $4 40®4 75; bulk of
sales. $5 07%©5 12%. •\u25a0}.- ' : - \u25a0\u25a0' - •
SHEEP — RecelpU,: 1800; market steady.
Yearlings, $6®6 25; wethers. $5 5095 80; ewes,
$4 75@5 40; lambs, $797 60.
Chlcnco.
CHICAGO, Deo. 80. — CATTLB — Receipts.
300; market steady. Beeves, $3 2596 j cows,
$1 2594 40; belters, $3 1094 75; calves, $59
7; good steers, $5 2096; poor to medium, $3 80
95 16: stockers and feeders, $2 2094 15.
HOGS— Receipts. 13,000; market 100 higher;
Monday. 42,000. Mixed and butchers", $5 05©
5 85: good heavy, $5 16® 5 86; rough heavy,
$5@5 10; light, $5 0596 25; pigs, $4 70@5 20;
bulk of sales, $5 1595 80.
I MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 10% 6 9^
Closing V.. « 10& 6 9V4
PARIS.
Wheat— \u25a0,•--'•,\u25a0 - Deo.' Mer.-June.
Opening 23 20 - 24 IB
Closing .......: 23 20 24 10
Flour^ — . . - \u25a0• \u0084 '
Opening 80 SO 81 53
Closing ...30 70 3155
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 30. — Wool-* firm; medium
grades, ' combing and clothing, 29930 c; light,
fine 25926 c; heavy, fine, 19921 c; tub washed,
SS®4l%c.
London Hop Market.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 80. — Hops ln London,
quiet Paciflo Coast, £2 10s to £3 10s.
Northern Business, j
TACOMA, : Dec 80.— Clearings, $535,891;
balances, $27,052.
SEATTLE, Dec 80.— Clearings. $1,084,819;
balances, $111,959. . •
SPOKANE. Dec 30.— Cleerlngs, $564,767;
balances. ?89,818.
PORTLAND Dec 80.— Clearings. $547,720;
balances, $42,624.
Northern Wheat Market.
V OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 80. — WHEAT-^Club, Tic;
bluestem. 73c; red, 680; valley, 78c
•WASHINGTON.'
TACOMA, Dec. .30.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 73c ;' club, 71c : red, 68c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
1 The Korea -.'.took, out a treasure list of
$178,542, consisting of $2342 in Mexican dollars
for Hongkong and $176,200 ln silver bullion
for Kobe. .; :."\u25a0 \u25a0 ;
' International Exchange was higher.
, The .value., of . the . Mexican sliver; dollar . for
customs purpose* for the three months begin
ning January 1 has been fixed at 60% c The
value of the- Mexican dollar in Mexico under
the gold basis la 49.8 c'
LOCAL.
Sterling: Exchange, sixty days.. — 94 83
Sterling Exchange, eight — 94 86
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — 94 87
New York Exchange,- sight. ..... — •' 9 OS »
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 9 07%'
Silver, per 0unce....... : 64 %@ —
Mexican Dollars ................ — 9 50
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris .-.........;... .616%
-New York on Mexic0....... ....199
Paris on L0nd0n...;...... ...25.30
Berlin on London ....20.42
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The year closed on a quiet and
featureless market. There was nothing doing
on> 'Change, as feather-casting and the other
skylarking indulged ln by the broker* on the
last day of the year stopped all trading.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 42H; California White
Australian, $1 47V&@1 52^; lower grades of
California Wheat. $1 12#©1 30; Northern
Club, spot, $1 40; Northern Bluestem, Jl 42^;
Northern Red. $1 35. ;
FUTURES.
Session S to 11:30 a. m.
May— No sales; $1 39% bid, $1 40 asked.
BARLEY — The ; brokers' ' annual : . frolic on
'Change stopped all business yesterday morn
ing and there Is consequently nothing, to re
port regarding the market except that futures
were about lo lower on the day.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, fl 15© 117 % for common and $1 18%
©1 22ft for good to choice; Brewing, 5122&0
125; Chevalier, $1 20@l 85 per ctl. \u25a0
FUTURES. c
j Session 9to 11:30 a. ml. v'\
' Open. High. 'Low. . Close.
May ........ $1 21% $1 21% $1 21% |1 21%
OATS — Buyers ; report ; n© difficulty ln main
taining the - current high prices, though ' the
market continues quiet and featureless. - ' .
Red, |1 6001 62% for choice . seed. $1 809
1 40 for fair to good and $1 25 for common;
Black, $1 6001 75 for good to choice for seed
and down t 0 $1 29 for ordinary feed; White,
$1 87%01 50: i Grays,' nominal. \u25a0 • .
CORN— Arrival of 1800 ctls from the West.
The situation remains exactly as before stated.'
Western sacked, $1 42% for Yellow. $187%
fcr White and $1 40 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 25@1 42%; small round do, $1 55;
White. $1 87%; * Egyptian. $1 40©l 42% for
White and $1 2501 30 for ; Brown. .
• RYE— $l 42%01 62% per ctl.,
BUCKWHEAT— SI 60® 175 per ctl.
Floor and ' Farlnaceons Goods. '•--'\u25a0
\u25a0 FLOUR— California, Family Extras, $4 80®
6 10,. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70<35;
Oregon and - Washington, - $3 7504 25 ' per 1 bbl.
. FARINACEOUS GOODS— Price* ln packages
are *as follows : .- Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100
lbs ; Rye Flour. S3 75 ; ; Rye Meal, (3 60; Rloe
Flour, $8; -Corn Meal. $2 75 ;, extra. Cream de,
$3 75; Oat Meal, $4 50®4 75; Oat Groats. 14 75;
Hominy." $3 75®4; . Buckwheat Flour, $4 60©
4 75; Cracked i Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 60;
Whole Wheat i Flour,^ $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$7@B; in sacks, $6 5007 60; Pearl Barley, $8;
Split Peas, boxes, -$5 60: Green Peas. $5 10 per
100
Hay and . Feedstuff*
There Is now .sufficient Bran on the market
for immediate. requirements and. the feeling Is
eusy ' at ' the : old quotations. . . Receipts of Hay
were 450 tons, all cars. . . As these car arrivals
have 'largely increased: of late, 'it is reasonable
to infer that " the car - shortage -Is 1 no . longer
acute. '.The circular or Scott & Magner says:
"Receipts of Hay for the week -Just passed
have \u25a0 amounted to 3235 ; tone. . This amount •Is
Just about what we have been receiving for
the last couple of weeks. > However, as the- de
mand i lately \u25a0: has been 1 lighter,' " comparatively,
than for some time, the above amount has been
much : more ' than' enough to . supply all \u25a0 current
needs. \u25a0\u25a0 Trading during the week has been very
much .of v a ' holiday character. . \u25a0; Both v* retail
dealers and : consumers have been buying only
to ' fill "• their ' pressing > immediate ; needs. -. > The
rain ?-bas ; Interfered t: considerably . with the
active ' movement . of i the \u25a0 Hay - that has . been
coming in. /The larger proportion baa come by
cars and has consisted mainly of the medium
to ; No. 1 \u25a0 qualities : of Wheat and '- Wheat \u25a0\u25a0 and
Oat . Hay.' . Therefore,.-: the -'market;' has ,-been
overstocked \u25a0with these ' particular ; varieties, •as
there has been no exceptional demand to read
ily • take it . all. „ \u25a0 Choice * offerings .: have . been
decidedly \u25a0 light . and • the market . for < this class
of i Hay ; has . not changed •ln \ any decided : par
ticular. From telegraphic \ advices ••- received
from Washington : : we are > led to ' believe ', that
about' 1000 i tons -of j Hay < will be • purchased ln
this market \u25a0*' for.-, shipment « to 2 the i Philippine
Islends for .uses during ' January:
Alfalfa Hay n has < ; been t arriving %in 1 moderate
lots and, '. while ! the . demand 1 is , not particularly
brisk, 'yet 'all offerings -have ; been', readily
taken ' at; full - figures.; *\u25a0 The * market -on this
article can \be ; quoted firm, -d Straw has :• been
in moderated supply,- although ' there i has • been
fully, enough' coming' in r at air times to supply
current .requirementa.'M;^..'.
, BRAN— SIO 60020 60 perton. -
< MIDDLINGS— S26@BO per. ton. ,
. 6HORTS— «I» 60®20-*o.p«r ton. - - -V: ':
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, : $26027; :• Oil-
cake Meal in 5-ton lots, $37; jobbing, $37 SO per
ton : Cocoanut Cake or Meal at mills,' $22 in 10
and $22 60 in ' 5 - ton lots; Jobbing," $23;. Corn
Meal, $29 50@30 50; Cracked Corn, $30@il;
Mixed Feed, $24023 : | Horse | Beans, $30@4») per
ton ; '. Broom : OBrn Feed,"- 1 90 c, per - ctl : Calf alf a
Meal, carload lots. $22; Jobbing, $23 50 per ton;
Mealfalfa. $19 in car lots and $21 for smaller
quantities." \u25a0 - .. .= \u25a0: .••
HAY— Wheat. $11 50@16 60; Wheat and Oat/
$11@15 B0;Oat. J9@l3 50; Barley. $S®11; Vol
unteer Wild Oat,-- s7@ll; stable.- $8 5053 50;
etock, $7®7 50; Alfalfa, $7 50010 50 , per ton
tor ordinary and $11 50@12 for choice river.' -'
.' STRAW— 3O@SSc per bale.
Beana . and Seeds.
The -year closed on a very firm Bean mar
ket, with ' Ltmaa In . demand, and . still higher
prices expected by the trade. •.; The other sorts
continue * firmly held, but quiet. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0 BEANS— Bayos, $3 50; Pea,: s3 75@4; Butter,
$3 80- small White, ! $3 IC©3 25; large White,
$2 4002 65: Pink. $1 0002 10; Red. $3 25®
8 50; Lima, here. U 7504 S3; .Red Kidneys,
J3 40@3 80; : Blackeye, $4 25@4 50 per ctl;
Horse Beans, $1 76®1 85.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50^1 75; Ysllow
Mustard, $3 60®3 75; Flaxseed, $2 Co®3; Ca
nary. 6®6V4c;. Alfalfa. 12c; Rape, 2V4@3c;
Timothy, .6c; Hemp, 4%c per lb; Millet. 2@
3 Vic; Broom Corn Seed, JSO^l per ton.
DRIED PEAS^-Nlles. $1 60; Green Peas, $2®
250 per ctl. \u25a0\u25a0•„\u25a0'. , . : ,
Potatoes, Onions : and . Vegetables.
The market • for Potatoes . and \u25a0\u25a0 Onions was
vtry quiet and of a' holiday character, with
buyers refusing to take more ' than , absolutely
necessary to . tide them over '--the "holidays.
Weak prices ruled for everything except .fine
Salinas Burbanks, which were in short supply.
Receipts ' of . vegetables from the ' southern
growing districts • continued very light and con
sisted chiefly, of poor Tomatoes, which met
with slow sale at low rates. \u25a0 Supplies of Peas
and Beans were insufficient to satisfy the de
rxand and prices advanced sharply.
POTATOES— River Whites, 60®850 per sack;
Salinas Burbanks. $1 ICH@I 40 per ctl: Oregon
Burbanks, 75c©$l 10 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes.
75c@$l 25 per ctl for eacks and $1 35-31 40 for
crates.-' •--.*\u25a0'' •/.••- -. - - .-.:
ONIONS— YeIIow, $I©l 85 per ctl. ;
VEaETABLES— Green Peas, 9®llo per lb;
Siring - Beans.". 12%^150 \u25a0 per lb: Wax Beans,
12Vi@15o per lb; Lima Beans, 10tS>12%o per lb;
Tomatoes, 75c4?5l per box or crate; Summer
Squaih. $I@l 60 per box; Cucumbers. $1 509
2 per box: Cabbage, IIQI 25 per Ctl;
Carrots, ' 65Q750 ! per l sack; Garlic. 5®60- per
lb: Egg Plant, 12%0 per lb; do. Coachclia.
$2 per crate; Green Peppers. 4<&60 per lb for
Chile and 15517%0 for Bell; Marrowfat
Squash, |20©-30 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $259
30 per ton. • ' . \u25a0
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continued ln excellent
condlUon for the selling interests, there being
a steady call for all kinds of live fowls, and
the market was practically bare of good stock
at the close. , Dressed, Turkeys were In. good
demand for the holidays and the light rese-lpta
cleaned up quickly at stiff prices, choice Hens
celling at 269230 and Gobblers at 259260 per
pound. * Only 65 . cases • came in. ' Game was
plentiful but firm and several • kinds were
higher. • \u25a0'.'
POULTRY— Live Turkeys', 21®230 per lb;
Dressed Turkeys, 259280 per i lb; ' Geese, per
pair, $292 60; Goslings. $2 6093; Ducks. $596
per dozen for old and $6@B for young; Hens, $5
95 60 for small and $6 6097 for large; young
Roosters, $697; ' old Roosters. $5@6; Fryers,
*5 6096: Broilers, $3 5094 50; Pigeons. $1 23;
Squabs, $292 23.
GAME— Per dozen — Mallard Ducks, $3 50@5;
Canvasback. $4 5096; Sprig, $394 60; Gray
Ducks. $293; Tea 1. .5222 50; Red Heads, |1 50
93; Widgeon. 51.6091 75; small Ducks, $1 25;
Black Jacks, \u0084$1 6092; Gray Geese, $3 60;
White Geese, $1 25©1 75; Brant. |2 50 for
large and $1 50 for small; Honkers, $4 5096;
Hare.' $2 25; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 50; Brush
Rabbits, $1 6a - \u25a0
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
Butter declined l%c yesterday, with the
market steady at the decline. The close of the
week found stocks well cleaned - up, with
creamery firsts leading all other grades ln de
mand, : as some houses have disposed of all
their cold storage stock and are now using the
creamery firsts. The market Is still reported
ln excellent condlUon for sellers. :
Eggs were lc lower, with weakness reported
in both : ranch and store, though stocks were
still slender.' Eastern and cold-storage grades
showed little change. If the threatened rain
ensues and the weather softens. 'lncreased pro
duction . may . be looked for from now on, and
It is the expectation of these conditions which
renders the market weak.
The Cheese market remains exactly as be
fore. Stocks continue very small.
Transactions on the exchange were as fol
lows: \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_:••-
Butter — 10 half cases California fresh extras,
31c; for i- the 'Same, buyer S, 30% c bid; for
firsts,'; spot, 27c bid, SOc asked.
- Eggs — 10 cases California fresh selected, 36c.
Receipts were 19,600 lbs Butter, 6600 lbs
Cheese and 422 caaes . Eggs. . ' -\u0084-;. -\u0084>V . ;; •,-
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL :••.' QUOTA
\u25a0""\u25a0\u25a0 TIONS. "-!\u25a0•\u25a0-. : ••
(Note — The Exchange quotations represent
wholesale prices as established by sales, bids
and offers on the Exchange. | Prices for Butter
and Eggs on the street are governed by the
Exchange quotations, but generally range
about 191%0 higher, owing to the miscella
neous character of the business.)
BUTTER— Fresh— California extras, 81c.
steady; firsts, 28c, steady; seconds, 23% c,
steady; Eastern extras, 25%0; firsts. 24c.
Eastern Ladles — Extras. 20c; firsts. 19c. Stor
age goods — California extras, 24% c, steady;
firsts, 23% c; Eastern extras, 24c, firm;
firsts, 23 %0. Ladles — Extras. 20c, firm; firsts.
19% c flrnv
EGGS — Fresh California selected. 86c, weak;
firsts, 34c, weak; seconds, 28c weak; thirds,
nominal; California selected store. 300, weak;
firsts, 28c, weak; Eastern, nominal. Storage —
California selected, 28c, steady; firsts, 25c;
seconds, 23% c. California store — Selected, 24c;
firsts, 21c; Eastern selected. 240; firsts, 23c;
seconds, nominal.
CHEESE— California fancy, new, 14% c.
steady; firsts, 18% c, firm; seconds, 12£12%c.
firm. Young , Americas, • fancy, 15c, - firm;
firsts, 14o ; seconds, 13c. Eastern — Fancy,
15%916c. firm; Western,' 14914% c. Storage-
California fancy, 13% c, firm; firsts, 12%e;
Young Americas, fancy, 14c; Eastern, fancy,
15c. steady.
Dectdnon* aad Citrus Fruits.
Aside from some little extra buying for
holiday - wants ln the early ' trade there - was
very little doing in fresh fruits and the mar
ket was » devoid <of feature - and closed weak
for general offerings. Large Navel Orangea
and the big eizea of Grape Fruit continued
nrm under limited supplies, while everything
else, ln the line of domestlo Citrus goods was
in free supply and easy. Mexican Limes and
Japanese Mandarins were well - cleaned up and
a few. remaining Jots were firmly held \u25a0 at the
old quotations. Holders of high-grade Apples
were still asking stiff prices, but the demand
was nothing extra and ' prices were merely
steady. There was practically nothing doing
in cheap Apples. Pears, Persimmons and
Cranberries met with a sluggish demand at
previous prices.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. 15©160 per bar-
APPLES— SI 2592 per box for fancy. 750
fitl 25 for: choice and 40&750 for common;
Christmas Apples, $1 25^2 50 per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellls. $1 60@2 60 per box;
other varieties, $I©l 29 per box.
PERSIMMONS— BOcQfI per box.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL" FRUlTS—Or
ange*: Navels, $2®2 50 per. box for fancy,
$1 50@l 75 tor choice and $IQI 60 ror stand
ards; Seedlings, 75cG$l; 'V Tangerines, $19
1 25: Japanese Mandarins, $1 £s@l 50 : Lem
ons," $1 60@2 50; Grape Fruit, $1 60©2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4 60@6 per case; Bananas,. Ha
waiian. . $I©2 . per . bunch: Central American.
12 60®3 60 \u25a0 per ; bunch ; Pineapple*. $3@a per
cefeen. ;. '-. -.\u25a0".•-\u25a0"-'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0
Dried Fruits/ Nats, Raisins- -nd Honey.
Conditions remain : as heretofore, both locally
and in the Bait, with Fruits firm and Raisins
unsettled. .:•"• -"
FRUlTS— Apricots, B®loo for Royals and
o@l2c for. Moorpsrks;- Peaches, BUO for stand
ards, ' B%c ! for choice. 9c ; for \u25a0 extra choice and
9%®100 for fancy; Pears. = 8@12%c; Nectar
ines, 7% ®8%c for white and 7%®7%0 for Red;
Plums * pitted, .. 6%<8>7%e , for Black. 7©90 for
Red and 7@90 for Yellow; Silver Prunes,, 7@9c;"
Evaporated Apples, < 8*? 0 %c ; * Figs, boxes, • 60?
for choice, 660 for extra choice and <Jo@6sc for
fancy; bulk white. .2% ®40 per : lb; black.
8f13%c.-- \u25a0 ' \u25a0';. ! \u25a0\u25a0"-\u25a0-'\u25a0 ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 : .'.,:_ .-',.-' >,:-'\u25a0;-'
PRUNES— B%©4o :i basis for < the < four. si*es
(60-100) and 4%0 basis for the lane and small
RAISINS— Loose. «%o per lb; B
crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%0. m Seeded Raisin*—'
Fancy, 16 ounces,' B %e^ fancy,. 12 ounces, o%c;
choice. 1 16 ounces,' 8c; choice, 12 ounces/ B%c;
. Imperial ' Clusters. ; $3 .• per , 20-lb \u25a0. box ; \u25a0 . Dehesas,
$2 60; \u25a0- fancy, $2; r 3-crown \u25a0" London 'Layers,.
$1 50; 2-crown, $1 40: seedless standard loose
Muscatels. \u25a0 4%c; seedless Sultanas, 5%97c;
Thompsont, r- 6%c; ;\u25a0\u25a0 bleached ; fancy. . 0®10%c;
bulk. choice, 8c - w standard, ; 7c. -.:
; NUTS— Almonds : ..Nonparlels, 12%@13c; I X
L, > 12o ; ' Ne -. Plus ' Ultra.- \u25a011 %®l2c ; : Drakes,
9%Q10c, .and Languedoc, 9®o%c; hardshell,
6%®6Hc; \u25a0•' Walnuu, \u25a0> No. .1 . softshell,' 13g>l4c;
No 2. e@loc; No. 1 hardshell. 1 12%013%c; No.
2, • 8%09%o ; Peanuts, 6®70 : for Eastern ; : Pe
cans, - ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5; ; Italian
Chestnuts, : B@loo per i lb.'. . '.\u25a0 . '.• \u25a0 •\u25a0'.-\u25a0•
HONEY— Comb,, 12% ®15e ; for white and 10@
120 * for •' amber; ; water .white > extracted. 5%@
6%c; white, i 6c; * amber.', 4@4%c; - dark, k- ;
Hawaiian. 2%c for extracted. ' i
' BEESWAX— 27O29c ; per lb.
Provisions.
:\u25a0\u25a0*. The > market \u2666 yesterday .\u25a0 was dull and of : a
holiday character/ and -packers and wholesalers
said i that : no price . changes \u25a0In the ' Immediate
future were contemplated. v.
V. CURED MEsATB— Bacon, :i2%c per for
heavy, 12%0 for light medium. 13%®14cl foi
light, r 14@14%c i for - extra \u25a0 light .J. J and 16®1«%c .
for,* sugar-cured; * dry.; Salt v Sides; "lie; - Bel- 1
lles,t 12c; ! Eastern" sugar-cured , Hams,' 13@13%c:
California: Hams. a2W®l2%c; Mrss , Beef. ; $9 50
per i bbl • j extra Mess, - $10: = Family. < $11 ; j prime
Mess J Pork, i sl4; » extra 3clear,.~ $19 50;" Mess,
$17*B0;tPlg Pork,'- $22 ; r Pigs' ? Feet,' $s ; : Smoked
Beef." 14c per jlb.v;':/ v ; '\u25a0^-*' t , r-'
;•-\u25a0, LARD-r-Tlerces quoted at 6i40, per : lb 'for
California compound," 7®7%c for Eastern' com
pound •» and 9%0t for ; pure; half : barrels, . pure,
10c; ' 10-lb tlne.% 10% c: * 5-lb ? tins, 1 10% c; 1 3-lb
tins,' 10% c-'* ,'\u25a0-., u-t -'* <,»•--•>".:,'"/
COTTOLBNB--One bait .barrel, 8c; thret
half barrels. 7%c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces.
7%c;,flve tierces, 7%e per lb.
Hides. : Tallow, ' Wool and Hops.
"''Wool- remains 'dull Hops continue steadily
held- but quiet. Eastern buyers are still tak
ing Hides at full figures.
HIDES AND, SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lo under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers.- -.13c; medium. .. 12% c ;. light. 12c:
Cow Hides, 12c for .heavy and 12c fot
light; Stags. B %c; Salted Kip. 12c: Salted
Veal. 13c: Salted Calf. 14e : dry Hide*. 21o:
dry Kip, -20c; dry Calf. 23c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20®60c each; short Wool. 50«90e
each; medium, gOcGsl 28: long Wool. $1 Ss@2:
Horse Hides, salt, $363 25 for large and $2 75
for medium, $2 25 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $282 25 for large and $1 50®
1 75 for \u25a0 medium. $1 50 for small and 50c for
Colts. : Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 34c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American.
85c- Goat Skins— Prim* Angoras, 75c: ex
tra' large do $125; Urge. 60@60c; medium.
35®40c- small. 25c.
TALLOW— No. I rendered, 4©4% c in barrels;
in cans and drums.' Vie less; No.. 2. 3£3%c;
Grease, 2®2%c. \u25a0 • ' - «
i WOOL — Fall clip— Northern free, 150170:
do defective, 12@14c: Middle County, free, 15®
17c- do, defective. 12®14c; Ban Joaquin and
Southern, 10@13c; San Joaquin Lambs. I*9
16c- do. defective. 9@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 7®llc per.lb.
Meat Market.
Packers and butchers continue to report sup
plies sufficient tor current needs aad quota
tions unchanged. .
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEBF — B@6o for Fttcrs and iQOo per lb for
VEAL— Large. 6%tJ7H° : Kn * ll « 7 ©°<» P<* ">•
MUTTON— Wethers. 6% 010 c; Ewes. B%©9<J
per lb.- . \u25a0 \u0084 \u0084'"'.
LAME — 10@lle per lb.
FORK— Dressed Hogs. B%COo per ft.
": LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco. less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
-CATTLE— Steers, 6%©«%0; Cows and HelX
3%©4c per lb (gross weight).
BHEEP— Wethers. 8%03%e: Ewes, 8<83V40
per lb (gross weight). - -
LAMBS— S2 75©3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 130 to 250 lbs, 5%060;
over 250 lbs," 6%c: under 180 lbs. 5%c:
Feeders, nominal; Sows. 20 pef cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations. " - - \u25a0 "-..
General - Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, buyer June-July. 6%0
6%c : Wool Bags, 30933 c; small lots, 31©3»c;
Fleece Twine, 7%c
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $6 60:
Beaver Hill. $5 60: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond. $8; Cumberland, $13 ln bulk and
$14 25 ln sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump.
$11 SO; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50913 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $3 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc: Linseed, 50c per gallon for boiled and
48c for raw; Castor Oil, ln" cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases, II 1691 18: Lucol. 48a for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases, 659
78c per gallon* Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 58 j
for. Ceylon and 65c for Australian: extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached Winter Whale
OH 65c; natural Whale Oil, 60c; extra winter
etratned Lard Oil, 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c:
Pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
57 % c: Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Oil, 33c; Paint Oil, Ssc.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil, ln bulk, lie; Pearl. Oil. Incases.
17%e; Astral. 17%o: Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% c: Elaine. 26c; Eocene, 19% c: Stove Gaso
line, in bulk, 15% c; in cases. 22c: Motor Gaso
line, ln bulk. 15% c; ln cases. 22c: No. t-En
gine Distillate. Iron barrels or drums. 80: No.
2 do 6%c; cases, 6%0 more; Benzine, in bulk,
12% c; cases, 19c; 86- degree Gasoline, In bulk.
25c: ln cases, 81c .
TURPENTINE— 9Oc per gallon in eases and
840 in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 8©
B%c per lb; White Lead. 89S%c. according
to quantity.
. SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, ln 100- lb bags:
Cubes, 'A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.80 c:
Powdered, 6.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.05 c; Fruit Granulated,.; 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only) 4.83 c; Confectioners"
A. 5.05 c; Magnolia "A. 4.65 c; Extra C. 4.53 c:
Golden C, 4.45 c; "D," 4.35 c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrele, 5.55 c; boxes. 5.80 c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than- seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
.'.;. . . Receipts of. Produce.
" ' . FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER- 80. .
Flour, qr «kf... 6,608t Hops, bales ..... 802
Wheat ctls .... 5«1 Wool, bales .... 44
Barley, ctls ...13,660[ Leather, rolls ... 256
Oats ctls 4271 Hides. No 1,153
Corn. ctl« ..... 65 Pelts, bdis 140
Tallow, ctls ... 855 Lime, bbls 182
Sugar, ctls .... 1,100 Paper, rolls .... 1.419
Beans, sks .... 1,281 Brandy, gals ... 650
Potatoes, sks .. 918 Wine, gals 40.9C0
Onions, sks .... BCO Chicory, bbls •-•"' 43
Bran, sks' ..... . 320 Quicksilver, flsks 63
Middlings, sks.. 110 Molasses, bbls .. 60
Hay. tons ..... 450 Livestock, head.. SOO
Straw, tons .... 5 Calfskins, bdls. .. 40
WESTERN STATES.
Corn, ctls 1.800.^
STOCK MARKET.
Miscellaneous Securities Quiet, Mining
Exchanges • Closed.
Alaska Packer* continued active ln a small
way yesterday at $52^52 25. Otherwise trad
ing was light on the Stock " and Bond Ex
change. Tht* following were ex-dividend under
the rule:* Hawaiian Commercial. 65c: Hutch
lneon \u25a0 Sugar. 12% c; Onomea, 40c; Paauhau,
20c: Pacific States Telephone. $1 75.
The oil. and mining exchanges were not ln
session yesterday and all the exchanges will
remain closed to-morrow.
The following dividends were paid yesterday:
The California Gas and Electric Corporation. *
dividend for the half month ending December
31 of 12% c per share; the MergenthaJer Lino
type ' Company, a regular quarterly dividend or
_"\u25a0£, per cent and an extra dividend of 2%
per cent; the 'Greene Consolidated Copper Com
pany, a regular bi-monthly dividend of 4 per
cent on the capital stock; - the Horn Silver
Mining Company o* Utah, a regular quarterly
dividend of 6c.
An assessment of |10 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Howe Saddlery Company of San Francisco.
The corporation of Kragens, of this city.
has levied an assessment of $1 per share, de
linquent February 2.
The Debenture Surety Company has declared
a regular monthly dividend of 5c per share for
December and an extra holiday dividend of 6c
per share both payable January 2.
The California - Title Insurance and Trust
Company will pay a regular quarterly divi
dend of . SI 60 per share on January 2. -
The Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate
of 3Vi per cent per annum on all deposits.
payable January 2. The rate Is the same as
that. paid for the first half of this year.
The Security Savings Bank has declared a
rtgular semi-annual dividend for the. year end-
Ing December 31 upon all deposits at the rate
of 3Vi per cent per annum.
The Columbus Savings and Loan Society has
declared a dividend at the rate *of 8.60 per
cent per annum on all deposits for the half
year endlnj December. 81. 5...
The Alpha Consolidated Mining Company has
levied an asseaement of ' So per share, delin
quent January 81. " '
\u25a0 \u25a0 The Esperanza " Gold Mining Company, an
Eastern corporation, has declared ; a quarterly
dividend of 214 per cent and an extra dividend
of 60 per cent. (Which is an increase. of 30 per
cent over the • previous extra dividend. These
dividends mean that stockholders will receive
over $1,200,000.
The output of the Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 80 milling; carloads of ore assay-
Ing $71 04 . per ; ton, and 145 carloads assaying
$30 18 per ton. ,
STOCK AJfDBOSD EXCHANGE.
a. vTURDAY, . Deo. 80—13 m.
ITNTTED STATES * BONDS.
S Bid. Ask. -Bid. Ask.
4e qr c0up.. 104 104% 4s qr cp nw.130%131%
'4s qr.reg...103-,103 1 J4 8a qr coup... 103 -104 .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. - -
" Ala-A W ss— .— ' Ok T Con ss.—- —
; Asso Oil 6e. 92 04 O W gtd 6s. 98 98%
Bay CPC 5s — 1C» Oceanlo SBs 62 67%
Cal CO Bs. — 110% Om Cable 6s. 120% — .
Cal G & Eg \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 Pae G Im 4s 97 100 i
i m & ctßs CS% 88% PB Ry Bs.. — 113%
Cal-st C 55.111%113% Pac L&P. 65. 102 103
CC.Watßs.lo6- — P&C H 68.109 —
Do g mgss 94T 96 PA O R 65.110 —
Ed L&P C5.122%125. Powell-st.es.lll —
F& C H 65.113 114 « Sac EG&RSs.IO7 108 .
Geary-»t Bs. :—: — 60 SF,& 5JV55.119% —
H C&S 5%5.105% — SF.O& tSJSs.II4 U8
; -Do 5a:... 105% — Sierra R 6a..— 112%
Hon R T 6a.lOBVi'— SPof A Hi '
LA E1ec" 65.104% '— - (1909> .- . ; . ,108«108%
LAG&EI Cs.lOl — • (1910) :... 108% — -
L A;Ry Bs. 118% —\SPof C 6s •
LAL gtd 55.1C6- — (1906) .-...102% —
LAPlcniss.lllHll2 (1912)' ... .114 —
LAP.C 85..105% —J. SPCI eg 55.118 —
Mkt-st C C 5.116-. — -.' SPB R 65.133 .136 "
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Do 1cm59.115%116% S V-Wat 63.103 103U
MV4 MT55.105% — . \u25a0 ' Do 4s 2dm.100 — -
NR of C 63.104% — Do 4s 2dm.100 100%
,".-Do6s ....ll»%120V4 Do g mg4s 98% —
NP C R Bs.lOfi^lOS 'Stkn G&EBS.69 •'— .
;N Cißy 5e.112% '— '.. UG & E 55.106 —
,'NC P C B».1OO .105 - UR of SF 4s 87 87V*
"O GLAH 55.100 '.\u25a0"; — > Val Co P 53.104% —
Ok TCo tta.121%123% Yoa SL 4%5. — 93%
Do 5s .*.:.115 —
::i WATER STOCKS.'
\u0084 Contra Csta'4s% 47 I Port Coata... — 68
MarlnCo... 60 . — |S V Wa» Co. 39% 41 -
; GAS AND ELECTRIC. *•
"Cent LAP — "4%|Pac!l, C 0 ... 78 —
.Martel Paw. S «—^|s F G'A D. 85«4 — \u25a0
Mutual EL. 17% IS | Stkn O& H. 13 , —
47
AUCTION "SALES
We have been Instructed to sell 4CO HEAD
OF WORK AND DRAFT HORSES. The
FIRST CONSIGNMENT OF 135 HEAD will
be sold •
THURSDAY. JA.WARY 11. 1008.
AND A LIKE NUMBER EACH FOLLOWINO
THURSDAY UNTIL ALL. ARE SOLD.
This stock waa raised in SOUTHERN ORE-
GON and .NORTHERN CALIFORNIA on
BUNCH GRASS. At the present time they are
being fed HAY. so they are la FIRST- CLAS3
CONDITION AND READY FOR HARD
WORK. They are all THOROUGHLY BRO-
KEN and range in weight from 12CO to 1600
pounds. MANY OF THEM WEIGHING OVER
1500. The ages are good, no old or warn oat
stock being In the lot. In fact, no b«tt»r
bunch of THOROUGHLY BROKEN WORK
HORSES has been offered in this market dur-
ing the past year. THE SALE 19 ABSOLUTE!
and will b« held In the large, corrugated Iron
parlllon now being built -at J. B. KORAN'S
SALESYARD. cor. TENTH AND BRYANT
STS.. S. F. SALB TAKES PLACE AT 11
A. M. ON THURSDAY. JANUARY 11. 1908.
Horees will be at yards for inspection two
days prior to sale.
HORD & SMITH, 62S Clay St., Auctioneers.
£* \u25a0'\u25a0 £=*,'.£*
Regular weekly auction sale TUESDAY. Jan.
2. at 1140 Folsom St.. 11 a, m., of rubber Ures
and business buggies, express, peddling wag-
ons and harness; also a good bunch of all-
purpose horses. Don't miss It.
IXSUBAXCa.
rirem'* IM3S3 425 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk. — 130 LP A A.. .1*9 180
Anglo-CaJ •• 92% »6 Mar Trust.. .2lo 249
Bank of Cal-423 — Mercb. Ex... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.160% — 3 F National — 160
First Natnl.34o —
SAVINGS BANK 3.
Ger S A U2900 — Say 4 L So.loo —
Hum B 8k.215S — Sco Se.r 8k.353 —
Mutual 5ar.109% — Union T C 03700 5300
S F Bar U. 700 —
STREET RAILROAD!
California ..219 — [Presldla .... — 4*
Geary ..„..— — J x'?r.*
POWDER^
Giant Con.. — 73 |
BUOAR. <%>'-,
Hawaiian C. 84 S5 Makawelt aSS- '— '.;
Honokaa 8C 11% 12 Onomea, SC.BO H 81
Hutoh SP C 14V4 — Paaubaa S C 21%, 22
Kllauea 3 C — 1%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 51% — I Oceanic B Co — 5
Asso Oil Co 55% 56 I Pao Aux FA. — — . W
Cal VCA. — 98%[Pao C 80rx.132 —
Cal Wine A 81% 82 I PacS Tsl Co.lCCVilO*
MV* MtTm. — — I
BALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 82 25
115 Alaska Packers' Association... 52 CO
60 Mutual Electrlo Light 17 50
50 Onomea Sugar Co 30 73
$I,COO Cal Gas 4EIQM4CT Js.. 98 62U
$5,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C TJi.. W 50
* $3,000 Pacific Electric Ry fis 113 00
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 100 £*%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6a,1«5V4 — SF Drdk 55.115 —
B L Wat 6s. 112 — SF G&E4%5.101% —
Cal NW ss. — IU% SF it NP 53.112 —
• MC Wat 6s — 114 ISP C R 4s. 93 —
O T Con ss. — 107% Sun Tel C 5...112 —
Pao G&EI 5s 95% — ( Do 5s 105%U0%
Risl WksSa. — 105 !
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 \ Mils Nat 8k.323 —
Am Bis Co.UO — N8 R R Co. — 12V4
Cal Cot Mis 90% — N Cal P Co. 15 —
Cal G&ECor 88% -~ Ok Bk Sav.lso —
C Jockey Cl. — 150 I OOF Hall A 8% —
Cal Powder. 160 — Orpheum Ca 17 —
Cal Ship Co — 25 PacC Cas C 0.160 173
Cal TI& T — 190 Pac GAB pfd 87% 07%
Cen Bk. Ok. — 75 Pac Sur Co. — 120
Cbr.'" Co..— 5 Paraf Paint. 102 —
Cityft C 8k.117% — SP Drydock — 73
Cyp L Imp. — 6 SF A SJCoal 20 23
DptPwd pfd B5 100 «! Jose Wat. 103% —
Do com ..100 lOi SO& MTgbt. — 180
FN Bk. 0k.120 — So Pac Co.. — 68
Frnch-A Bk.llo — Swlss-A 8k.123 130
Gas Con A. — 19 Truck Elect. 20 22
Hono P Co. — 35 Union S Co. 3-1 — -
Do old pi. — 33 W- Fargo 8k.225 —
Do nw pi. — 38 West Nat 8k.163 —
Mat Nay C 0.120 — ,
V BALES.
' Morning Session.. ->»tr rt--.. :
Board — \u25a0 \u25a0 .
85 Northern Cal Power Co 13 12%
Street—
$14,000 Pac G & El 5s (when Issued).. M> 25
CREDITORS CARRY
FAILURE INTO COURT
Question Good Faith of the
Assignment Made by
Leighton & Co.
BOSTON, Dec. SO.— Contending that th»
firm of H. R. Leisnton & Co.. stock
brokers who. assigned yesterday, was not
engaged in a genuine stock brokerage
business, but ln an Illegal and fraudulent
business of & "bucket shop." without any
actual sales or purchases, except rarely,
Olive M. Davles to-day filed a bill ln
equity ln the Superior Court asking for
the appointment . of a receiver. The bill
also asks that the company be stopped
from doing business as a "bucket shop"
and that a receiver be eppointed to mar
shal its assets and to distribute them
among its creditors.
It Is alleged that the assignment to
Allen, - who had acted as ; the company's
counsel, was not made In good faith. An
Injunction la . asked to restrain the com
pany from disposing of any of Its prop
erty. The firm of H. R, Leigh ton & Co..
whose main offices are ln this city, 'had
branches ln forty cities and towns In
New England and Canada. Its liabilities
have been stated to be $300,000.
GEORGE J. GOITLD ACCUSED
OK RErtIDLA-TIXG CONTRACT
Rallrond Mao and Two Associate* D«»
- fendrata In Action for
MOO.OOO. .
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — John 3L Jones
of Ohio has begun suit In the Supreme
Court against George J. Gould. Joseph
Ramsey Jr. and "William E. Guy for
$460,000,' with Interest from January 1.
1903. arising out of the purchase of
coal land ln Ohio.
Jones contends that ln October, 1902.
ha was requested by Gould. Ramsey
and Guy to assist them ln acquiring
18,000 acres. of coal land ln Ohio. He
declares the' agreeement was that . he
should purchase the land, the purchase
money to be furnished by the three
men named, and also a reasonable
amount for his commission.
Pursuant to this agreement, he says,
he got possession of the property, for
which ho paid $370,000. In 'addition
to this amount, he asks for 190,000 as
commission and expenses. -When he had
obtained the title, he says, Gould and
his associates repudiated the contract.
Gould and his associates have put ln
a general denial.
1 J is \u25a0isr-iTM- - —\u25a0
Take Lieutenant* From the Ranks.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20. — The Presi
dent and Secretary of "War have de
cided to commission as second lieu
tenants the nineteen enlisted men who
successfully: passed examinations re
cently and became eligible for appoint
ment, the Secretary having found that
there will be a sufficient number of
vacancies by the time the next class
at West Point graduates to provide
places for the graduates. '
Weds \u25a0 Yonag Keatneky ' Belle.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Dec. 30.-^Mlss
Clara D. Bell, one of the .wealthiest
young women ln Kentucky, and Ju
lius Walsh, a x member of a wealthy St.
Louis family, were married here to
day. The wedding was one of the
most ' notable . events of this section
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IK NEXT
SUNDAY'S.CALL.48
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
OTHERS HAVE
EYES FOR HIM
Commercial Traveler Taunts
Spouse With His Alleged
Popularity With Fair Sex
SHE DEMANDS DIVORCE
Final Decrees Are Granted
to Josie Hall and Edwin
H. Boyce for Desertion
OAKLAND, Dec. SO. — Taunting his
wife with his alleged popularity with
other women was one of the means
Louise A. Covey of Elmhurst com
plains that Westley J. Covey, a com
mercial traveler, used to make life
more miserable for her. "I have quite
a number of ladies who think their
\u2666yes of me. I could marry any of them
If I would just wink at them." Mrs.
Covey says her husband has told her
on more than one occasion. Now she
wants a divorce. She states that he
has also resorted t» physical violence.
They have four children, who live
with her. The husband is absent a
good deal of the time and she says
that he earns an income of $250 a
month, of which she asks $100 a month
as alimony. She also states that they
have "60 acres of land in LaEsen
County, which she asks to have set
aside for her own use.
Josie Hall was granted a. final decree
of divorce from Harry Hall, who de
serted her several years ago. He left
her. she said, to go in search of work,
promising to send for her later, but
•he never heard from him again. There
are two children, of which she was
awarded the custody.
Edwin H. Boyce was granted a final
decree of divorce from Laura W. Boyce
to-day on the ground of desertion.
SOCIETY PLANS
GLAD GREETING
TO NEW YEAR
BY ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — On the thresh
old of a new year, social leaders are
everywhere busying themselves with
preparations for the festivities that
annually mark the "parting of the
ivayo." A< & o'clock to-day the
screeching and sireaming of innum
erable whistles signaled the close of
the working man's year; at midnight
Sunday laboring and leisure classes
will vie with <->ach other in blowing
"vale" to the old and greeting to the
•n«-\v year. Our neighbors across the
bay will enjoy the wild parade that
has become a feature of each Decem
ber's close, but Oakland's folk will
take their pleasure less boisterously.
VVatch night parties have been
4>lajiiK-d iiiSirarJy every home, and out
of respect of the Lords day these
gatherings have been set for a late
hour.
Out at the Luning home on Tele
*!.--.}'ii avenue a merry party will en
joy a midnight supper.
Mr. and Mrs. George Lackie have
invited a few intimates to spend the
evening with them Sunday and begin
the new year in each other's com
pany.
Another say crowd 'will assemble at
the >L J. Laymance residence in East
Oakland shortly before midnight in
mask and will welcome the new year
with a dance.
The more formal affairs will be
Civon on New Year's day. however,
and several vory smart events will oc
rupy the attention of the fashionable
•et. The dance to which Miss Marion
Walsh has bidden her friends will lead
perhaps in importance, forty or more
nj&ids and men being included in the
inrited. The Walshs are delightful
entertainers and the Yuletide spirit
will help to make the affair a memor
able one.
The "punch tea" that Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur KelloyCnee Lally) are giving
is another smart New Year's day af
fair. Miss Virgilla Bogue of New-
York and Miss Muriel Kelley will be
fruests of special interest and half a
hundred others have been asked to
meet them.
The F. M. Smiths are always at
home to their friends on New Year's
and this year the season's greeting
will also be a f arewell . f or Mr. and
Mrs. Smith, who leave soon for Eu
rope and Egypt, expecting to spend
the winter in the latter place.
Mr. and Mrs. Warren S. Palmer will
*lso receive on the Ist and In the
evening a large party of friends will
dine with them.
On the same evening Miss Edna
Prather will be hostess to a merry
crowd of young people.
The Nile Club and the Claremont
Country Club will both hang the latch
string outside on New Year's day. so
there will be no dearth of merry
making at the birth of 1906.
This evening Miss Sevilla. Hayden
entertained two score of the younger
*et, who enjoyed a "nalamagundi" of
progressive games and the most de
licious of midnight suppers.
The marriage of Miss Harriet Agnes
MacMahon and Rudolph Andrew
Saeltzer took place Thursday evening
at the home of the bride's sister. Mrs.
O. B. Leonhart. Rev. O. St J. Scott
officiated and Mrs. Dudley V. Saeltzer
attended the bride as matron of honor.
Miss Estelle Nourse was bridesmaid
and little Dolores Leonhart carried the
ring. Marion Nordyke of. Redding
was best man.
\u25a0Mr? and Mrs. Saeltzer will reside In
Redding.
• • •
Two marriages cf much social im
portance will be solemnlred in Janu
ary. On the 11th Miss Jean Howard
and Mr. Schoonmaker will wed. and
on the 31st Miss Crellln and Whipnle
Hall will be married.
Miss Edna Orr will entertain on
Janunry 10.
Another promising event scheduled
for New Year's night is the dance of
the Concordla Club at Reed HalL The
club is composed of many of the best
young Jewish men in Oakland, and
their dances are always elaborate af
fairs.
THE
ROOSEVELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
DISGUISED AS A HUNTER
BAKER EVADES OFFICERS
Man Who Led Miss Bowen to
Ruin Trying to Leave State.
Fugitive Said to Be Wandering
Penniless and Alone.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— Sheriffs of three
counties have joined In the pursuit of
Louis \V. Baker, the man to whom Miss
Lulu Bowen gave the money stolen by
her from the Postofflce Department, and
the peace officers of Alameda. Santa
Clara and San Joaquin counties have
been directed to keep a sharp watch for
the fugitive printer. Information has
reached the postal inspectors in charge
of the case that Baker, penniless and in
the disguise ©f a hunter, is endeavoring
to slip through the hands of t»je officers
and escape from the country.
Baker has been traced through Ala
meda County, and from the direction in
which ho was traveling when last seen
it is believed by the Unltsd States au
thorities that he is trying to reach the
southern part of the Sta'.V, or else Is
headed for the vicinity of Stockton.
Those in charge of the case are deter
mined that the fugitive shall not es
cape, and slowly but surely the lines
about him are being drawn closer, and it
is believed that he will" retain his liberty
but a few days more at the most.
The sudden disappearance of Baker,
after the discovery of his connection
with the thefts of the girl postal clerk,
have led to the making public of the
claims of a . large number of people to
whom he owes considerable sums of
money. As his affairs are in a badly
tangled condition, a meeting of his cred
itors will be held Tuesday, January 2,
when an effort will be made to learn just
what th» condition ,of his finances was
when the discovery of his crime led him
to flee from this city.
The creditors will decide upon the best
method of ultimately securing their
money from the printing business left by
Baker when he became a f ugiitve from
justice, and it has been suggested that
the plant be placed in the hands of a
manager, to be run for the benefit of the
creditors until all the indebtedness' is
cleared off.
INDICTED MEN DENIED
HABEAS COKPUS WRITS
Furnish New Bondsmen Af
ter Vainly Trying to Se
cure Their Liberty.
SANTA' CRUZ, Dec. 30.— W. J. Rogers
and H. UJ Main, indicted officials of the
Watsonville Transportation Company,
both of whom are now promi
nent San Jose business men, . were
last week held .to answer by Jus
tice of the Peace Hawkins of Wat
sonville, on a charge of erasing records
from the minute books of the corpora
tion and defrauding stockholders of the
Pajaro Valley electric line of the value
of 6000 shares of stock. They were sur
rendered by their bondsmen to-day, and
their attorney, E. A. Herington of San
Jose, applied to Judge -Smith of the Su
perior Court for a writ of habeas cor
pus, claiming their freedom on the
ground that they were held to answer on
insufficient and immaterial | evidence.
Judge Smith denied the application,
whereupon Main and Rogers got new
bondsmen and will take the matter be
fore the Supreme Court Monday in San
Francisco.
LTBR ARY BOOKS TEACH
HIM TO BREAK LAW
Counterfeiter Learns Trade
by Studying in Public
Institution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec 80.— Herman Wendt, a
machinist arrested by secret service oper
atives yesterday, afternoon for counter
feiting and conducting a large manufac
tory for spurious coins, studied j counter
feiting from books secured from the Seat
tle Public Library. For several weeks he
has frequented the Library, reading every
book he could find on counterfeiting.
When arrested Wendt was deep in a book
entitle "Mixed Metals." Near by was a
library volume entitled /"Secrets of Wise
Men, Great Chemists and Physicians."
Several book marks in it and marked pas
sages showed that Wendt had read \u25a0It
with avidity. Wendt was held for exam
ination in the sum of $1000, which he could
not give, and was locked up In the Coun
ty Jail. Wend t's outfit was a most com
plete one, consisting of seven molds made
of plaster paris of sizes of $5 gold pieces,
nickels, dimes, quarters, half-dollars ' and
dollars. .
WILL ASK THE MAYOE
TO PEOTO CHAEGES
Executive of Los Angeles
Arouses Attorney by Talk
ing About Graf t.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 30.— District;. At
torney John D. . Fredericks has requested
Mayor McAloer to appear before him and
explain the public statement made yes
terday by the latter that he has been
offered - $SO,OOO In bribes, provided he
would do certain things. "I shall probe
this thing to the bottom," said Mr. Fred
ericks to-day. "I have asked the Mayor
to confer with me Tuesday and tell \u25a0 me'
what he knows. Until then I do not
not know what will be my plan of action.'
However, if a bribe has been offered to
theV'chief executive fof .' this city. I, am
going to find out who made such an offer,
and prosecution will follow.- If there' is a
bribe-giver I am going after him! ilfi If; the
facilities of my office , are not sufficient I
shall ask one of .the ' Judges ; to call , a
special session of the Grand- Jury.", / *
The Mayor has not yet made known
what course he will. pursue in the matter.'
Sol ma Wants New Depot.
SELMA, Dec. 30.— TheSelma Cham
ber of : Commerce met, this eveningand
appointed a committee tp urge' the
Southern:. Pacific tp> build a new brick
depot here.-* The present depot ;i3 anti
quated and too small .to accommodate
the growing, population of. the town.
Jean i Baptiiite In Safe.
.ASTORIA..- Dec. SO.-The French ship
Jean Baptiste, reported in a* dangerous
position at t the mouth -of, the Columbia
River last night,; arrived. in, safety. to
day. She suffered -no further tdamagt
than the loss of her anchor." - »• . *\u25a0• >
iRE SAN , FRANCISCO CAfil:; SUNDAY; DECEMBER 31. 1905. /
CURIOS COME
FROM PERU TO
UNIVERSITY
BERKELEY, Dec. SO.— The last ship
ment of treasures from tho ruins ot
Peru Is now on its way to the Univer
sity of California. Professor A. L.
Kroeber, secretary of the department
of anthropology, has received word
from Professor Max Uhle, now in Peru,
that the collection "Is on the way to
California, and with the notice comes
the Information that no more such
shipment will ever be permlted by the
Peruvian Government. On the first of
January a new law goes into effect by
which the Peruvian Government abso
lutely forbids' the exportation of col
lections of prehistoric remains and an
tiquities from the country, all of which,
if excavated by foreigners are hereafter
to be deposited in the National Museum
of the country. The university now
possesses the most carefully gathered
collection, of Peruvian antiquities in
the world and one of the largest. The
entire collection is the fruit of sys
tematic excavations .by Dr. Uhle, . who
Is at the present moment'completing a
second period of two years' residence in
Peru on behalf of the university. This
last consignment from him' will 'arrive
shortly and will be unpacked, cata,
lagued and installed in the museum of
the anthropological department at the
Affiliated- colleges in San Francisco. 1
President Wheeler has sent, through
his private secretary, Eugene R. Hal
lett, greetings of the season to the
press of the State," and with the greet
ings a summary of the more important
developments at the university during
the last year. Secretary Hallett, for
the president, writes:
"The past year j has been an eventful
one for the university. California Hall,
one or the buildings of the greater uni
versity, has been completed; and was
used for the first time as the headquar
ters of the California State Teachers'
Association during its > convention.
The work has progressed onthe.Hearst
Mining -Building very rapidly f and the
exterior is - now about finished. The
building will be ready for occupancy
by the opening of the fall term. A
few months, ago -Mrs. Hearst gave to
the department of anthropology a col
lection of Egyptian and Alaskan ma
terials, which is -valued' at something
over $400,000. The new department of
music has been established and the
university chorus of over 300 voices
organized under the direction' of Pro
fessor.Wolle. The university has pro
gressed and broadened on all lines.
Perhaps the event that augurs - most
for the university of thefutureTislthe
acquisition .of the Bancroft library,
which will make Berkeley the center
for scholarly: research In Western his
tory. As prosperous as has been the
last year,' it is hoped that during 1906
the university may become even, more
useful to the pefcple of the State <6f Cal
ifornia."
The University Chronicle, published
to-day, is devoted to the' printing of a
list of classified names of professors
and Instructors and officials who have
been connected with the institution
since its Inception. -
Charles Mills Gayley, I professor; of
the English lan gauge and literature at
the University of California, Is deliver
ing a series of lectures at ; Stockton,
Sacramento and a number of other in
terior cities. Professor Gayley's lec
tures on Kipling and on "The 'Great
Books of English Authors" have every
where been given a .; hearty- reception:
His lectures are given under the aus-'
pices of the literary 1 ' clubs ' of 3 the dif
ferent cities In which he has'engage
ments.
will watch foe
new teae's Advent
With Sacred Music and Wor
ship Congregations WiU
Welcome 1906.
OAKLAND. Dec. 30.— Watch night ser
wices In many of ; the churches r will usher.
?h^ the new year. 'At St. Paul's," commen
cing at 11 o'clock to-morrow night,: Du
dle y' Buck's cantata, -"The \u0084 Song of the
Night," will be given by the vested cl»lr
of forty-five voices, under the direction of
Edwin Dunbar Crandall. -The soloists will
be Mrs, Arthur, Plckenscher, soprano ;
Mrs> Edith. Phelps Collins, contralto; J.
P. Jones, . tenor; C. E.: LJoyd Jr.;; bass." i
Mrs.-.H. P.' Carlton," Mrs. A Edgarf Dow,'
Mrs. Edith P. Collins and; Mrs. Nusbau
mer will sing a , number by Barnby, '.with
\iolin obllgato by Miss ' Madelaine Todd.
The Christmas music : will be > repeated
to-morrow morning,. when the Rev.'.W.". R»-;
Hodgkins, rector of St. Mark's, . Berke
ley, will preach. ' -
Tha Young Men's : CJhristian Association
of East \u25a0-\u25a0 Oakland .will / hold }. a . reception
New. Year's day . from 8 to ;< 5 o'clock'- in
the afternoon" at Sixth avenue , and , East i
Twelfth street. , :
Watch night services at the First ; Metli- ,
odisti Church? will begin to-morrow- even
ing at 9 :IS o'clock. :
The * Rev. J. i C. ' Bolster will lead the
watch night services ; at Centennial ' Meth-'
odist Church,'-, Ninth « and ' streets. 1
A watch night meeting will be held at
Union-street , Presbyterian Church, ' the
Rev. : D.-E/' Potter v _•
A' sunrise - communion " service will be
held> New Year's • morning at ; 7:2o; o'clock
at 1 the. chapel ; of the First Congregational
Church.' . .'• \u25a0\u25a0=.'.\u25a0 % '\u25a0[..l'" > . -.;\u25a0>\u25a0•:'"..\u25a0/
; Al choir of I twenty-five /.voices > will , give
"The Coming of the King.^ at; the Eighth
avenue ' Methodist ', ,\ Church : £\ to-morrow,
evening. ; The soloists; will ; be : Mrs.. Mollie
Melvin . Dewing, soprano; r Mrs.*; Blanche
Young, r alto; Herbert? Graham' and : Jesse
McCargar, tenors; : C. V.l Newell and John ;
McEwlng, 7 bassos. . ;
\u25a0 A : midnight hour; of , music will •be \u25a0 given
to-morrow at the First -Unitarian Church;
Alameda. . . v '' .
MALEY'S TRIAI. CONTINUKD.
' /.Dec.";. 3o.— The date- of
John: Maley/s itrial- has .been' changed . by
Justice \u25a0; Edgar from "', January \3 l xjo t Jan -
vary ' 8 \ at* the \ request '-ot \u25a0 Maley's 'coun- 1
aei; A. jLJj Frick. \. ', Maley \u25a0Is -to fight ? the
charge vmade * byiMrs.*i,\Valter~£.Chrlstie;
that he grossly, ' lnsulted: herTon theuni-,*
versity ? campus las t r Monday, -' ;
PURSUE SAILOR
WITH AN ENGINE
Chase of Mariner by Consta
bles Filled With Incident
Like Scene From Biograph
ESCAPES LIKE MONKEY
With Officer Climbing After
Him Fugitive Drops From
Rigging Into Small Boat
OAKLAND, Deo. 30.— Only on the
biograph do pursuits such as Con
stables Lane and Hempstead mad* to
day of a sailor usually take place. Tne
officers of the law chased their man
into the. rigging of a ship, from which
he dropped like a monkey in the tropical
forest, into a. .'boat and was soon pull
ing like mad for the mole, along which
he hoped to escape 'finally.
The next flash of the moving picture
in real life showed the doughty men
of the law aboard a locomotive, flying-,
with the whistle and bell both. going,
toward the head of. the mole, to out off
the fugitive. The* finish showed the
mariner with the two constables sitting
upon him in triumphant glee.
The man who led the officers over
the hurdles In such thrilling manner Is
Andrew P. "Andrews, a tar on the- ship
Clan Buchanan. Edward Mott, a sailor
on the vessel, swore to a complaint
charging Andrews with assault -and
disturbing, the peace. When the con
stables reached the ship,* 'which "> was
lying at the Long Wharf, Andrews
sprang to the rigging and Hempstead
followed him. But from one of -the
yardarms the fugitive dropped twenty
feet into a boat that was moored along-,
side the vessel and pulled himself to
the Oakland mole, while his pursuers
stood helpless on the deck of the Clan
Buchanan. .
Lane and Hempstead went ashore,
and securing a* locomotive that ~- was
standing on the-track, reached the mole
ahead of t,he fugitive. As Andrews
made a landing he was plaoed under
arrest. \u25a0
It is alleged that the trouble grew
out of Andrews' , infatuation for Mott's
wife, who lives in Oakland.
MEETS DEATH WHILE
GOING TO HIS HOME
John Sheehan, Laborer, - Is
Struck by Train and
. Killed.' P
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— While going
from a saloon to his " home at the foot
of Sixty-seventh street last^ night John
H. Sheehan, a laborer, aged 41 years,
was struck by the Berkeley local train
and killed at the stockyards. It \u25a0is
supposed that he tried to pass In front
of one train and was struck by a loco
motive going ; in ah opposite | direction:
The mangled body' was "not ' found
until this morning, and '-it Is not
known by - which trajn Sheehan was
struck.,
Sheehan was a native of San Fran
cisco. He was not ' married, but - leaves
a. brother, Jerry Sheehan.Vwho lives at
the corner/of Union and : Green ; streets
in San Francisco/
_ Coroner Mehrmann has taken
charge of the remains and will hold
an inquest. ,
marriage: licensks.
OAKLAND. Dec. SO. — The following
marriage licenses were Issued by ' the
County Clerk to-day: : William Di
Cristina, 22, and Edna C. Rundell, , 17,
both- of Oakland; Edgar -Northway, 36,
Oakland, and Milllcent;, Bastin, 80,
Chicago; Jose E. , de Yacaza^, 32. San
Francisco, and Clara V. Stapleton, 19,
Oakland; -Walter ,V.. Cotchett, 28, Se
attle, and' Lucretia G. Eddy, 29, Bay
City; Emygdio A. . Souza, 80, and
Louise H. Brazlll, 24, both of Oakland;
Arthur' Claydon, 50. and Katherine , J.
Carter, ,47, both of Llvermore; George
N. Babbitt, 51, and MaryTv Van Luvanee.
48, both of Niles; HarryjHersprlng, 24;
and Josephine ~ Wood,* 19, both of Oak
land; Russell -B.; -Phillips."; 29, v and
Genevieve M. Lindsay, 24, both -of Oak
land; Dennis : S. Dlmond, ; . 29. Oakland,
arid Laura fM. Sterling. \u25a0 23, ; Piedmont;
Charles B. Boot,; 23, : San Francisco,
and Violet Hall, 20. Alameda.
ARE ALLOWED TO TEACH.
« uakjlanu, ueo. 30.- — The semi-an
nual examination for teachers' certifi
cates held ,i by " the , County •. - Board , : of
Education "was completed; this after
noon after \ three ; days *of J examination.
Out of seventeen' applicants' but eight
were successful, i the ' rest ;, falling ; to
answer, the required 80 . per - cent of the
questions. The 'successful 'ones were
Misses Lovelace, / Dowdall. Rhoda,
Stewart, King.f Anderson. : Simpson >and
Wood. - THere were : twenty-three stud
ies .in: which- a'general average of .80
per cent had \ to . be , attained iln order
to entitle- the applicant .to teach. -
BACON PAYS: THE BILLS.
\ OAKLAND,-:^Dec ",Bo.'^— Auditor ;G. W.
Bacon': drew^ his i warrant ', this ' morning
under ( direction \ of ? a writ of mandate
from? the Superior , Court • for' s43s ; 25 f in
favor.: of ; George TA.T- Sweigert "on ac
count, of ; work done on the building
of "the .;; Mocho road," ..C running .; out ;"/ of
Llvermore." " The twork -.was '-done by
.CountyJ Surveyor .;, E;*a' Prather.Hwho
assigned the claims : to ; Swelsert." The
Supervisors -approired rthe •: >\ bill's. - but
their ; legality; was questioned . and
County Auditor Bacon. refused to? pay
them until the court- had' s decided the
point. . .- -_'; /; ';' :.;/ ; \u25a0\u25a0'. .' . ",. .\u25a0;
SKTS JAIL ON FUIE.
OAKLAND, jDec.'V ; 3O.^Ah. Jim, .'\u25a0* a
despondent i Chinese, \u25a0 set fire jto the Jail
at ; Haywards \u25a0= this £ morning: J~l and? nar-'
rowly. escaped belng 4 burnedi, to; death.
r The s 1 ight -of ' the * flames .'.was : seen iby
the" jailer, who) opened { the' door ~ and
dragged -the half-suffocated \ Chinaman
from * the - room l arid then \ put out the
blaze. -« /Phe '^ Chinaman^ had s set'^ fire to
his clothing arid ; other combustible : ma
terial/and ; would*; haye^ beeriiburnedlto
death had i not ; aid arrived (when; It did.'
He?-' was} arrested for stealing "sbma
chickens. WHfflWjPß!Mlf|W||'»: : *' "' :
BIAKKS AN ASSIGNMB33VT.
yi OAKLAND,': Dec. ; 30.— W. B. Whar ton;
a furniture'dealer, of ; 411 .Eleventh
street, ' made ; ; a V assignment
to-day.: to J. ' L; ; Lyon "f orithe \ benefit -of
his;, .creditors. 1 ":. Hi^y labilities, 'amount
to" J2GOO. Asa V. »I*ienden hail
ney. for/Wharton;. ; /'' • '." v \u25a0": '"• \:
COM.IDKS WITH imiIHJK.
' OAKIJAND,;, Doc. la":l a ": 30/-^-T he<; towboat
PUo t: collided; withi the 'Harrison-street
drawbridge7;this " ; morning. 'The ; draw
was fnotlopen ed f as 'Quickly Jas \u25a0 the 1 tugr's
captainUhought'ltjWould;be.^Thi"dam
agvwa^.llg-ht, • _ - . -; ;
JURIST MAKES
A SIMPLE WILL
Few Lines Serve to Express
Wish of Late Walter Van
Dyke in Regard to Estate
LEAVES ALL TO WIDOW
Property, Both Real and
Personal, Will Aggregate
Sum Not to Exceed $25,000
OAKLAND, ; D«o. , 30.— 1t required " no
great amount of legal verbiage to express
the wishes in regard to the disposition of
his property of the lato Justice of the Su
preme Court, Walter Van Dyke, who died
on Christmas day. The estate amounts to
about $25,000. .The will of the deceased
jurist is simple in the extreme. It reads:
,• "I hereby give and bequeath all the
property of which I may be slezed or pos
sessed to my beloved wife, Rowena Coop
er Van Dyke, and appoint her executrix,
to act without bonds. . I have omitted to
mention our children, knowing that they
will be dealt with Justly by their mother.
I: hereby revoke all former wills by me
made. 1 Dated the seventh day of October,
'A. •D. \u25a0 1902, at my chambers in the Par
rott building, San Francisco.
"WALTER VAN DYKE."
It was a holographic will, written en
tirely in the hand of the deceased on a
sheet- of writing paper. The document
was filed \u25a0'for probate this morning by a
6on, ' Edwin "Van Dyke, . who is, nominated
by his mother as administrator, she de
clining to act. ."The estate consists of real
property . in this city and Santa Monica
valued at $23,000 and personal property to
the value : of j $2000..
ARRAIGNED FOR MURDER.
['. OAKLAND, Dec. ' 30. — -"I'm an old
man and a prison cell is dark and dis
mal.— If I remain in that cold, damp
cell I. shall not live long.' I ask that
my hearing be held as soon as pos
sible."
-With these words Thomas Kehoe.
aged 77 .years, who is charged with
stabbing .to death ~ George Bedell, an
swered tio the charge before Police
Judge Samuels this morning. The
magistrate' set 1 the hearing for Jan
uary 5.
JUDGES CIIAXGE PLACES.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— The ~ different
bench assignments in the Superior
Court made this morning show that
there will be very little change in the
departments for the • coming year.
Judges Melyin and Ogderi will trade
places, while Judges Ellsworth, Waste
and Harris, will keep the departments
they now have. In assuming Judge
Ogden's department Judge Melvin will
have charge of all J probate matters.
WIFE AND CHILD DESTITUTE.
OAKLAND, ; Dec. 30.— The local au
thorities have-been reauested to assist
in locating George ' Rivera, who has
been missing since last Sunday from
his home at :, San Leandro. Hi's wife
and ' z little'" child are in destitute cir
cumstances and are utterly at a loss
to" account for his disappearance. , He
was a farm hand and took all the
money they had when he left.
orrosE vaccination.
BERKELEY. Dec/ 30.— Opponents of
the : compulsory vaccination law met
Friday night at Golden Sheaf Hall,
Berkeley. J. G. Wright declared that
the Board of Education had exceeded
its. authority in designating the physi
cians who should issue certificates. of
vaccination. Dr. Oberg, Professor Eich
ler, Wilbur ; Walker of Oakland and
other sympathizers with the anti-vac
cination movement spoke.
QUARREL ENDS IN ARREST.
: OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— Arthur Jackson
and 'Arthur Murphy of Hay wards, who
both owned an interest in a' team of
horses they \u25a0 were driving, had an al-'
tercation last evening, one wanting to
go -to ' San Francisco and the other, to
'stay , here; .with the result that both
were taken 1 to the County Jail. They
were unable to divide their Interests,
but were allowed their liberty and
went on their way together.
ROBERT RITCHIE RETURNS.
v BERKELEY, 'Dec. 80. — Robert
Ritchie, a-former.member of The Call
staff In : Berkeley v and San Francisco,
returned to the ' university town to
day. He has .been i engaged In journal
istic , work > at Yokohama as editor !of
the Japan Daily Advertiser and corre
spondent In \u25a0 Korea for." the London
Telegraph. ; His : experiences In the
Orlent ; may; Bervehlm as the basis of
magazine - articles '\u25a0 and .lectures.
MERCHANT IS SWINDLED.
. ;•; OAKLAND, Dec. 30.— A* stranger pur
chased a suit ; of clothing from . Morris
Isaacs; yesterday and gave him in pay
ment , a check for $26. Isaacs " gave
him the .suit and' Js : In change. The
stranger departed with both, and all
Isaacs has to;showfor it is. the check,"
which" was returned.. The police are
looking for ; the stranger.
WA^TS Cira TO PAY
FOE HEE SON'S LIFE
Seattle Mother Claims a Po
liceman's Bullet {Killed- ,?
; -Her Boy.
'SEATTLE, . .Dec. -30.— Declaring : that
hertson 'lost rhls? life; from' a. ;bullet
wound \u25a0 caused y by -'\u25a0 the reckless shoot-,
ingofi Policeman: Stetson" and not from
the ; revolver :of Highwayman^ .i Thomas
Daily, Mrs. 1 Gennel this ; afternoon filed
a claim , for $10,000 against the city.
Thomas s Daily and another highway
man V attempted '7«.0 i enter a grocery
at Fifth :' avenue - and way
three months: ago. The* alarm was
given ,- and r; Stetson r responded. , He
captured?^ one 'burglar., and turned^ him
over: to the^care: of, a "citizen, i Daily
and the i officer/ gave chase. ; ; The
trolman : firedS several .shots; at; Daily,
who them. : Eleven-year-old
George 'Gennel*. was .'crossing the ; street
arid I.was • hit^by ; onej of \u25a0^ the .-bullets, = sup-"
posedly '\u25a0 from ; Daily's \-y. revolver.' %• He
died / someV weeks ; - afterward.. The
mother <;* declares -.she has" proofs that
the i bullet»:.which * killed - her; son .was
fired * ; by ; the * police v man.'*i*. Daily : and " his
partnar \u25a0 are \ npw^. each .;. doing " a ten
year term; inlthe : penitentiary. -
THE -
ROOSEV ELT BEARS
IN NEXT
SUN DAY;s; CALL. }\u25a0
TIDAL CANAL
IS DISCUSSED
Government Engineer Is Not
in Favor of Closing the
Big Artificial Waterway
HEUER GIVES OPINION
Tells Committee That Time
for Vessels to Use Big
Ditch Has Not Yet Come
ALAMEDA, Dec. 30. — City Trustee
Frita Boehmer and Manager John H.
Hartog of the Alameda Advancement
Association to-day interviewed in San
Francisco Colonel W. H. Heuer, the en
gineer in charge of the Federal Gov
ernment improvement work In Oakland
harbor, relative to the report that he
was to recommend that the tidal canal
be closed. Colonel Heuer assured his
callers that he never had any intention
of asking the War Department to close
tne bis? artificial ditch connecting San
Leandro Bay with Oakland harbor. He
said that he had made no recommenda
tion to his superior and would make
none unless requested to do so.
When asked if he would recommend
to the War Department that the tidal
canal be opened to navigation and the
three drawbridges spanning the water
way placed In operation. Colonel Heuer
answered that as an engineer he could
not do so now because he does not be
lieve that the time has yet arrived
when the Federal Government should
be put to the expense of maintaining
the tidal canal in a navigable condi
tion. Colonel Heuer lmormed Boehmer
and Hartog that he realized the grow
ing Importance of Oakland harbor and
asserted that when the proper time
comes and when the demands of com
merce and industry require "that the
tidal canal.be opened to navigation he
will not oppose such action. Colonel
Heuer's attention was called to the
dilapidated flooring on the tidal canal
bridges and he said that repairs would
be ordered made.
President W. J. Gorbam of the City
Trustees, who has just returned from a
tour of the Eastern States, says that it
1b of the utmost importance to Alameda
that -the tidal canal be opened to navi
gation.
CHICAGO MAKES
GOOD SHOWING
Death Rate Is Lower Than
in liny Other City in the
World Outside of Berlin
Gpeclal Dispatch to Tha Call.
CHICAGO, Dec 30.— Chicago is the
healthiest city in the world, with the
possible exception of Berlin, declares
Charles M. Whalen, * Commissioner of
Health, in his annual report for 1005. . He
proposes to increase the favorable rates
in the future 4 by a more rigid T Inspection
of the stockyards, by keeping. an eye on
restaurant kitchens and seeing, that they
are kept clean, and also by ' 'regulating
cold storage plants.
The total deaths In' the city for the
year is estimated at 27.235. or 13.63 per
1000 of population— one-fiftieth of one v pec
cent more than the lowest ' rate on .^rec
ord. - •
"Public health conditions generally are
entirely satisfactory." said the Commis
sioner. "There is no smallpox In the
isolation hospital.' while the reduction in
the contagious diseases of infancy and
childhood. In acute lintestlnal diseases,
in diphtheria and In nervous diseases is
marked. ' The last of the 624 cases of
smallpox discovered during the year left
the Isolation hospital November 12."
Typhoid fever deaths are put at 322.
a rate of 1.7 per 10,000. reduction
from the highest level in IS9I to the low
est In 1905 is more than 90 per cent. The
diphtheria death rate Is 3.1 per 10,000 in
1905, a reduction of 54.7 per cent from the
average rate prior to the introduction
of the anti-toxin treatment In 1595. Ner
vous diseases show a mortality this year
of <7.4 ; per 10,000, a decrease of 10.9 per
cent ;from last year and 64.7 per cent
from the record rate in 1572. the- year
,af ter the great fire.
HUNTINCtTON IS BACK
OF POWER COMPANY
Deeds Filed in San Diego Re
veal Interests of Electric
Eoad Magnate.
\SANT DIEGO. Dec. 30. — Deeds were
filed thi's afternoon Indicating the in
terest of H. E. Huntington in .;, the
schemes * which have been exploited to
develop the water and power ; of the
San - Luis Rey. ' For some ~ time the
Fletcher Salmons .Investment Company
has been securing options In the San
Luis Valley and has -filed from time to
time* on the water rights of the river.
It /has , purchased : about all the land
that could be affected by the diversion
of ;the \u25a0 water of the river, 'thus get
ting'control" of all the riparian rights.
The deeds 'filed -to-day' are to 9461
acres of .land and the consideration is
about $232,000. Other deeds are to : be
filed ' next - week, which will swell- the
total, to :' close ;to $700,000. The deeds
run: to Charles Foreman, the, secretary
of the Pacific , Light and Power Com-,
pany, of * which -H. E. Huntlngton fs
the president. It is stated that the
power -to 'be developed will be used in
Los .Angeles 'or -Orange counties. ,but
that the water impounded will be
used ! on the 'lands of the'valley, - a
large portion of which the Hunting
ton interests ' will own.
STOEM FORGES SHIP
TO EETUEX TO PORT
Cargo of the' Harold Dollar
Shifts an(T Vessel Puts
Back/
; SEATTLE.. Dec. ' 30!— The steamshia
Harold. Dollar, which left here two
days ' ago : for Seward." Alaska, with ' a
general cargo of -lumber and general
merchandise, was forced- to -put Into
Neaprßay'torday: because of the shift
insiotfthe-^eck:cargo, at was thought
advisable before : proceeding, to return
to ; rearrajige ithe, : cargo. : ;-:The 'com
pany ; has i advices it that; a flirc* • storm
la - racing .off Cap« ; Platterjfc
RAIN AND HAIL
ARE WELCOMED
Much Needed Moisture Come
to Cheer Farmers in Man;
Parts of the Golden Stat
NAPA VALLEY DRENCHED
Sacramento, Auburn, Vallejo,
San Luis Obispo and;O*H
er Towns Report Showers
NAPA. Dec. 30.— There was a fceaTj;
downpour of rain, accompanied toy 4
strong wind, in Napa this afternoon, \u0084ff
to 7 o'clock to-night the rainfall to', th*
day amounted to .33 of an inch. CoaaJ'"*
erable hail fell this afternoon. This tftl
will be of great benefit to the atociac . I
in Napa County, as it will -give a. £rw j
start to the grass on the pastura lauds.
The reservoirs of the power companies,
which had been at low' s level, wllljtoa:
filled with water and will enable tha £*©•
torles here to run at full capacity, r
1 The rainfall for the season to ,'«;»&>.
i amounts to 2.86 Inches, against 12£2 «£ * :
corresponding date last year.
AUBURN, Dec. 30.— it began rilntaa
here about noon tc-day. Thar» ir«rtJ
heavy showers all afternoon. . Ta<il r*ia
ceased about dark. The rainfall off i*uj
season amounts to 3,57. Last ftexf&n t-Jj
was 19.49.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. SO.— Thara vr%3 l 4 \
heavy fall of rain here about 2 a/docfc 1
this afternoon/ It was followed by • brief : I
hailstorm. The rain was badly c«dt" {
especially on the highland ranches*
VALLEJO, Dec. 30.— Thera was alatesf
a cloudburst here this afternoon, ove*
half an Inch of rain falling: In two notua,
MARTSVILLE, Dec. 80.— Th« drought*
was ended to-day by copious ahowvt.'
which, added to tha light rains «&x£*f Is
the week, gives enough to start grttP I
feed and to permit plowing. Ti» jata» \u25a0
fall to data is 2.33 inches. On th» nxai
date last year It was 9.57 inches. BtOCH
onthe mountain ranges has been sruCsris $
from lack of feed. No grain crops) havt
yet been sown.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. SO.— Light rat
commenced falling to-night, and th»
chilly spell which has continued for t&n*
ty-six hours is passing fast. The* laodff
urc is badly needed, and th» l&ia* ;t
comes the more valuable It will b\ \u25a0>\u25a0 $
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Dec. 30.— Th* loE£*S
predicted rain came in a Heavy downpouf
this evening and it promises to ccntinc*.
It has relieved the situation, which. ni %
becoming serious to the dairymen, Jaaajfj
of whom had to kill their calves, owlaj
to lack of feed.
FAILS TO FIND
CLEW TO CRIME
Murder of Van Hoetter, the
Miner Near Grass Valley,
Still Puzzling the Police
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 30.— N0 errwtl
for the murder 'of Robert Van Hoatteiy
the miner, whose body was found y ester*'
day in Coon Hollow, have yet b«en made/
Rumors are rife* and Sheriff Walkar U;
running down every clew, but so .fa;)
without results-. The heaviest snowstorrd
of the winter to-day prevented tha'ofQl
cers from going out to the scene- o£,th«."
crime and looking up clews in that s«c»i
tion. It is believed that Van Hoetter w&4
murdered by some person anxious t» drtvv
him off his claim.
Where the crime was committed t» TUT
sparsely settled, and the people ax* not
inclined to talk, seme expressing* ffcag
of harm from certain residents . should
anything come to light through* them* Th*
dog found at Van Hoetter's cabtiv yestsix*.
day has been. locked up by Sheriff \7WJt« j
and will be held as possible evidence,
William Flppin. a blacksmith at Roofl}
and Ready, four miles west of her*, wbd
to-night came to. this city, stated that hi
believed the dog Is his, saying thft »"W
had been missing since yesterday*
It was reported yesterday th*| Tha
Hoetter recently told a woman in tMy f|Si
that h« feared he would be atta.aka4 «
his mine.
bags oF'conr AUE vojiyrD
IX THE ROOM OF A. SHXELiiI
MARYSVrLLE. Dec. 30. — Jaba'
Dougherty.' an aged cripple and dosser
miner, was found dead In his room at s
the Dawson House this aftemootJ
W.hen Coroner Kelly made an lnvaS
tigaticn he found three heavy bftgs ftt
coin. hidden In the room. Tb« money;
was turned over to the bank without
counting. It Is believed the bags cap
tained several thousand dollars. Doathi
is supposed to be due to natural caust^j
\u25a0•• \u25a0• \u25a0 . . . '\u25a0', i- J
Smoke la lied Proves Fatal*
VALLEJO. Dec. 30.— Those who >-~/
the habit of smoking in bed •& *<£r
take warning from the death* oftf'.Jp
liam Bradford, an aged « resident *."s£.
this city, fvho retired V»iUk', Ms /^tp*^'
on Christmas night ,'aaaS^*Wlio'wm»
awakened by . the firemen taking, JUr*
from. his bctl In a half-smotherffi *n
badly burned condition. -.; He^ivaa" sent
to" the County Hospital 'at IPWrfleLo
where he died to-day. ?"< •"
Will B« Burled In A'apa.
VALLEJO. Dec. 30.— The remains "v£
the -late Alexander Scotf. who died at
Billings, Mont, last Wednesday, passed
through Vallejo thia afternoon ea routs
to' Napa, where they will be !nterr*4.j
Scott was for many years a well-lnaowa!
business man of Vallejo. being a me-*-.
ber of the old firm of Scott & Ford,
has a daughter and four brothers ltv-1
Ing in San Francisco.
,'A Wrlcume STxryritf.
curing a council of the family of Lc-tl
therJWheeler to provide for fighting star-* I
Vation. in their reduced circumstances
letter -arrived announcing • a bequest * \u25a0
WO.OOO to Mrs. Wheeler from her fatb ft },
who had died suddenly;' j
Born of rich parents, highly, (rfacav,- "'2
and in a. position to commanst^a place' l
In the best of society in llasaaehusetS V I
Mrs. Wheeler, then Miss Ma^ia {B-rt ' ] I
twenty-five years ago came to^Deftnsl j •
ro. Onelda County, on a visit. Thers I • \
thef Wheeler, a poor boy. wooed and^/w / '£
her.' It is said that the father of the ~gta: J
was opposed to the]. match, because °^*^'Jm
hu»band'3 social standing. I \fM
"From then until a few years a?^ fat ff
and daughter saw but little of one:**#.* t
other.- although an irregular correspond- ! is
ence was kept ud between the girl and*
on© of \u25a0 the; members pt the family. Th^
legacy was • » camalaf* farDrUtf.—B**. {
CLhanra. ' J* * . . . " 111