rTtie CalPPflts lore :ieffls Than Anu Othep-^apteMiieii In San Francisco
THE WEATHER.
Forecast lor October U. 1005:.
San Francisco- and. vicinity — Fair
Wedafßday, cooler; fresh weat wind.'
' A. G. McADIE, '
District ForecaaUr.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 133.
REPRESENTATIVE CITIZENS OF SAN FRANCISCO
MOST HEARTILY INDORSE JOHN S. PARTRIDGE
The good citizenship of San Francisco gathered last night at the AlHamtra Theater to ratify the nomination of John S. Partridge, the Fu
sion candidate for Mayor. From dome to pit the house was crowded, with: tfiei leading men of the Republican and Democratic parties in attendance.
With bands, bonfires and cheers the Partridge campaign was enthusiastically Punched with the two old political parties in hearty accord;
Alhambra Is Packed by a Cheering Crowd
That Ratifies Candidate s Nomination.
FUSION NOMINEE TALKS ABOU? GRAFTERS
BATTLE FOR
PARTRIDGE
LOOKS WELL
Fusion Nominees
Expect to Win
Out.
Individuai Appeal
to Every Voter
of the City.
The campaign in support of .John. S.
Partridge for Mayor is going ahead
with unusual energy under the direc
tion of the Joint executive committee
of Republicans and Democrats.
' There is not the slightest doubt that
the entire fusion ticket will be elected
if Partridge wins out. Leaders of the
fusion .movement are confident of suc
cess. The confidence Js based on-such
information, as an * enterprising com
mittee i« In position to obtain.. >Z.T»:
In the well-conducted primary elec
tion campaign the leaders of the San
Francisco Republican League did . not
make the mistake of underestimating
the enemy's strength. In fact, the. boss
of the Schmitz administration was ac
accredited with more sagacity as a.
manipulator and more strength a<s a
manager than be displayed. Ruef him
self made the blunder of under
rating the numerical strength and
fighting: quality of the league. He
sought to discourage the league -pro
moters by offering to wager money
that the Ruefters would win every As
sembly district of the city, but instead
of disheartening hlo opponents he de
ceived his own followers.
RAt fusion headquarters the fact-Js
:ognlged that all the grafters of the
Schmltz- administration, all-^the 'keepers
of shady resorts and the . disreputable
element generally will line up in sup
port of the Ruef ticket on November 7.
It is well understood that the greatest
battle ever fought " at the, polls, in 'San
Francisco must be waged to overthrow^
the legions of vice and graft, hence the"
joint executive committee is prepar
ing to bring to the front every, citizen
who Ib loyal to the cause of clean, hon
ost municipal government. ;
Mass meetings and public^ demonstra
tions are good -to awaken 'enthusiasm;
but something more than oratory is re
quired to win political battles. 1 . /Work
roust be done in the line of 'reaching
the voter by lndivldual^appeal to his
sense of civic duty. The fusion leaders
Continued on Faff* % Column : 7.
The San Francisco Call.
-'\u25a0- ;^- \u25a0\u25a0- :.\u25a0--'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \ -\u25a0•-,--, \u25a0 ; \u25a0"...•;••;.••.'-•'.'-.-\u25a0' \u25a0 • '
The nomination; of John S. Partridge for Mayor was ratified by Repub
licans and Democrats of -San' Francisco- last," rtiffhf in' fiishiori : that Will live
in -the memory of all who ; made up the cnthpfiiastic ", audience of \ 3000 per
sons. They listened to the- ntodest t and forctfiil .words' of . Partridge, the un
equivocal statements of Joseph S.- Tobin, the nevy-words^of Henry U.Bran
denstein and Thomas W. Hlckey and the witticism's 'of General ! C. A. Wood
ruff, and 'at every opportunity- made approbation strong of the fusion ticket
and the healthy the speakers stirred. ... .
. There was no need of the huge bonfire before the Alhambra Theater or
the large band to draw the crowds that packed- the building.-. Men and
women who go to make the homes of San Francisco filled the body of the
theater- long before the hour announced for - the beginning of the speech- '
making, and when 8 o'clock came the house was jammed from top to" botr. '
torn and many still struggled in vain in the v/lde doorways for entrance to*
the- building/ Material, was plentiful for overflow meetings, but oratory,
was concentrated lnpide- the- Alhambra.
. In- the -midst of Woodruff's \u25a0 speech John S." Partridge was brought
through the crowd at. the rear of the hall and down the aisle toward the
stage amid congratulatory words of those, nearest him and the cheers and
applause of , the, entire assemblage.; At the conclusion of Woodruff's speech^
Chairman Joseph S.Tobin presented Mr. Partridge,' arid the candidate for
Mayor spoke as follows: . ;; k'^^': '"\u25a0/'\u25a0 .\u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0''\u25a0 j
POLITICS HAS NO PLACE IN CAMPAIGN.
"Mr. Chairman andi Ladies and Gentlemen: I come before you to-night
asking nothing for myself,' but only as \u25a0, the. .representative of a. great
and righteous cause. It. is no new fight with me. ; Last year, when the in
tegrity of our courts was in danger,; I fought the same fight • out In my own
district and the people of the Mission" stood by me.,; 1 refused to do politics then
and. In spite of what anybody, may say, I decline to -do .politics -now.'..; I would
far rather go down- to defeat \u25a0: than win, by any 'combination that, woold make
it Impossible to keep entire faith with the people. • , ; ;>•,\u25a0•. [A-ii
"This is your, fight," not mine. . . I am absolutely, sincere when I say that I
have, not had one selflsh desire 'in this whole > matter. -Last year the delegation
of which I was a member, believed -that. the Judiciary should be kept free from
the * corrupting influence which, dominated the convention, and we voiced our pro
test against certain of the nominees. .The people'of the whole city, endorsed our
stand -and' the men who were under thatintluence were lgnominiously defeated,
though they had the -nomination of two ; parties -and-* though they had behind
them every corrupt power which is now arrayed against., us. \ .
"The same battle is on all over the .republic.; The ; manhood of the nation
is aroused and "party politics' are. forgotten. Who cares .whether Folk or
Jerome or La Follette are Democrats or Republicans? 'When Mayor Ames of
Minneapolis had formed 1 his police f force 'into an. adjunct to crooked ! gambltng
houses and was enriching himself- upon their, "spoils,- who: cared: whether Fore
man Clarke of the Grand- Jury, believed in, protection^ or free .trade? ;^ When our.
own Francis J..Heney up there ''in i Oregon is. sending and; Sena
tor's to;^^jail where they, belong,' does -it- make the, least, difference what his poll
tics 'may -be?,' . ' ': . ' ' .-^ .-'\u25a0:/\u25a0>\u25a0.•-'\u25a0.'\u25a0'' \u25a0 \u25a0-• ' \u25a0' ,
CITY'S DANGER LIES IN' FOES WITBIN.
. "It Is ' no time f or.> partisanship. > Graft has no"pfinclpJes and honesty v should
have no 'politics. It j ia a time for strong hearts "and' determined . courage in
whatever camp. you find .them. , : There are enemies. to. be grappled. withfon eyerj*
sldeJ The republic never was \u0084and never'-'can be ! inv any • danger;: from; without.'
,Its. foes are within Its. borders.!' Rome was safe .even when the/victorious army,
of ' Hannibal ; was . devastin'g '- Italy, laying waste : her; towns \ and v destroying her
legions, but "she fell an -easy, prey to - the corruption ' of [. her . own"' citizens. De
baunchery .killed where the: sword was 'impotent.'" ', y£' t '..'/„'. ~'\ "' \t'
. • "So -we' .must fight; graft; .we -must amasy/corruption;- wherever j'wV^ find ..it";
.we must not be afraid, above all things. '^The' enemy Is *wily,~? unscrupulous/; des-J
perate and. will stbp at nothing. In St.* Louislxiuis hired thugs, beat aged men in
, to insensibility; the foulest arid mostdisgraceful'lies were; printed f about Mr.fFolk
himself. But he was not: afraid;; he had fighting": blood (in fhlm;^heTwasr backed
1 by . fighting men— laborers.^; artisans. • merchants-rand with ; their j aid"' he J filled the
jails with the gang ; f of thieves. and boodlers,' became Governor of the State and
St."Louis and Missouri^we^e ..saved. ', : ; / '"-: "~. , " ."
'\u25a0 "In, an essay on politics by).the;foreinostrAmericah' writer, "\ we '-find' thls-sen
.tence: "When 1 * private . meri : shall 'act with \ vast .views,; then i the ' luster/drop"
from" the deeds '; of- kings ; to .those of .-gentlemen. ' "- Supposed that 7. every \ honest
.man should make .up his mind 'that- he wasigoihg- to-be the Joe Folk of
Continued }. on Pace 2, Columns 1 fund : 2.
San Francisco; \u25a0 Wednesday, c m ; 1905.
MESSENGER
DAN HASKELL
IS CALLED
Wounds ; Inflicted
by Bandit Prove
Fatal, i ;
Man Hunters on Track
\u0084 of HighwaymairNear !
, ; Redding.; ;V
SCENE AT. THE ALHAMBRA^ THEATER LAST NIGHT AS THE FUSION CANDIDATE FOR * MAYOR. JOHN S. PARTRIDGE.
\u25a0 •ADDRESSEI?^ THE 'RATIFICATION MEETING IN HI3 HONOR. SHOWING THE /PROMINENT REPUBLICANS AND'
' DEMOCRATS ON THE STAGE AND THE. ENTHUSIASM OF. THE AUDIENCE.. . ' - ' J.
) REDDING, : Oct.. 10.— Dan,N.* Haskell. :
the Wells-Fargo vExpresi'Messenger
was shot-, by the 'bandit ', who' attempted
to hold I up'; the ,. Reddihg-Delamar } stage
yesterday morning, tiled 'at;7:4s' o'clock/
Mrs. Haskell - andNAgent \Ri . G./Dunn
were at his. beside -when; death : came.
Last night the •brave messenger, passed
ir. .a> restless manner.'-;*. His 'wounded
foot; bled profusely.and;he\suffered;in
tense pain in the region- of the stomach.
During:, the night he had: a 'severe chill
and .this' morning 1 'was taken,/ .with ,| a'
severe 1 vomiting 1 i spell."; :Thisr' evening,
however,'? he ; .;sank:.into ;a-- sleep . . from
which he- did"' not; awake.; . : • ! -" : •';
- , The -news ": of .the messenger's! death
spread rapidly, and greater.' indignation
, was. never- manifested i; in; Redding. A,The
people- swejar> that'll JaskellV* shall! - be
avenged-lftho 'murderer., can^bo* overf
taken; '\u25a0'\u25a0'[ A; hundred 'man \u25a0 hutiters N areVln
pursuit ;, of,-- .the',.:, bandit. rj Detective
Thacker arrived .this morning arid: took
chtxrg4^ot(a)voBz^ \u25a0'\u25a0 .^^;- t: ; \u25a0;> -[ 'h
'\u25a0 One 'posse J has" \u25a0 "a" ; definite"; clew ?that*it
1 s ;>; fol lo win g. S j'.Wh HeV. i t " 'has ';\u25a0 n o t } , been
given/, out i,it i has rbcen \1 earned >; that ia.
miner; from Delamar.jwhilcunder/. the
in fl uerice" of \u25a0'< liquor, ?. re mark ed r that -; he
intended [to hold the 'stage.
been v missing l^ from; the damp) slrice^the
holdup. \-Tv.'O 4 of .the posse are; said :'to
have7located'-.the{fellowj; and?arV shad^,
owing -him."; .More \ than^a /hundred '^adf
dltional-men •will.vgo^;out.-;,torriiorro*w.
w Ith a gri m?- determination ; to \ capture
theirriurdercr'i'of ? Dan^.Haskellf r^y -7i*{j
]:'.i This ,*. makes £ the "-.'", third $ \Vells* : Fargo
messenger^' killed: near, 1 Redding.l.Buck
Montgomery] was ? killed tbyj-the Ruggles
boys: in^lB92/ < f >V r 4 i J^;p'Nell i ; was* killed
at C Copley/- by.? the? GatesV< bro t liers J last
year,? and? now' Dan i Haskell l; has .; been
slain v by *an^ unknown -robber '-and r as>
sassln. ,'..'''-
BEQUEATHS
HIS BODY TO
A COLLEGE
Strange Provision
\u25a0in Will of Late \
' G. W. Gatt >;;
Funeral Cortege Wends
|l|ls|^a3r||o|Di|||
tsectifig^ow^
Special- Dispatch, to The Call.
; NEW :YORK,' Oct. 10. — In compliance
with a provision of. the will of George
[William Catt. the well-known engineer,
formerly of San Francisco and ipreslr"
dent- of : the \u25a0: Atlantic. : Gulf arid" Pacific
Company, who died last Sunday, his
body," vafter" the .funeral • service -was
held over it- to-day,' was given 5 . without
restriction to the^ Bellevue Hospital
Medical College; to -be used- in .the" In- \u25a0
- terest of : science.' -\u25a0- It -was the ! first .'ln
stance' in the history, of , the city, when 'a
person •\u25a0-has, 1 made '-.such y .bequest,:-- aria \u25a0
that ; the r *proyision •of the will -might \u25a0
be '"carried : out I it' was, necessary .-fora
form to be 'followed which -never 'be^
fore- was 'used in this; city. * ,The\an-:,
nouncement of the ..'final: disposition of
the^.body was, made to about'fitty well
known;meri' and women who attended
the 4 funeral .; service • and • ' caused; ;;the
greatest; astonishment." "./ \u25a0;. '. , '.'\u25a0 \u25a0:\u25a0 j
," ' Mr.- Cat t's decision 'was .made j after
'many- [years oi consideration ,- and*. In
incorporating his r wish; in his .will, he'
had I the. full' consent- of his:; wile/. Mrs.,
Carrier Chapman , Catt.: the -well-known
t wbman;"su ftragist, .who j again"' gave • her
'consent i when ;the .\body .^as ; about to
beircmoved to: the' ; medical. "chool. ''\u25a0'.;; v
\u25a0 'h\f At } the*f uneral' to-day practically all
of:- the : - well-known V, woman -suffragists
were 1-, preserit.v f ßev. . Minot ,J. > ; Savage
conducted iy the 'service, at the" coricluf
sion of;;.whlch,.Dr. : ; .;MayneV'.read ; * thi.
:'clause";of the j will' i relative to',the-dIJS^ '
: ppsal ; of l the ; body.' C r : The '* announcement
I such - a; surprise J that 'some- of / the
, women] (present showed lslg-ns of 'becorn
ilrig'jhysterical.'* > _ ;t ]'\u25a0 -'1...?:..- \u25a0"- '•'--;\u25a0; .':'-.' '>'
:r Strange -.was f the "funeral, procession
whlch'iweridedj- ltatiway ;from ' the/Osf ,
Continued on Page' 3,' Column 5.
THE . THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— ""What Happened' to
. * Jones." " : . '
. Cf jIFORN'IA — Burlesque.
CEXTR.\L— "Th# .Whltecars."
COLUMBIA— -"Merely Mary Ann."
CHUTES — Vaudeville. Matinee to-day.
GRAND — "The Sultan of Sulu."
MAJESTIC— "Humbug."
. ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matinee to
. . day.-;
TIVOLI— Grand Opera.
BAD MONEY
CARRIED BY
TRANSPORT
Nine Arrests on the
Sherman at ;
r ' Honolulu.
Counterfeit Currency
Being Brought From
the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU,-: Oct. - 10.— The United
States'; transport Sherman, en routed to
San Francisco, was .held here for a time
to-dajr 'by United \u25a0 States Attorney
Breckons and ;United. States , Marshal
Hendry, pending, an investigation of
reports-, that a' large amount of 'coun
terfeit American money, is aboard.'Nlne
men have been arrested, 1 of whom" three
are; being held as witnesses. According
to/ information \u25a0 received, . about', $600 of
the /.counterfeit.; money was passed in
Nagasaki. ..Apparently, but little, effort <
was' made- to^ pass : any. here. "but .'one i
$10 bill'Vas, offered, at: a 'local bank, |
arid as a r result "C. R." "Murphy, .-^pf I
S.an'.Migoel.CaL.-was.arrested.-/ United j
States Attorney. Breckons hzus" the bill
In his possession. BBUBBSoBBH
Recording to reports; received by the
authorities here there are large" sums
aboard.,- A'rhurrled* investigation -made
here ;was ;,wlthout ,:, result .at 'first* iand
thejlocal officials are said to have notl-J
fled, the\ secret service: in "Washington'^
regarding the rumors in"order'that;tho
Investigation" might; be ; continued when
the Sherman "arrived ' at ; San ; Francisco,
but the attempt. to, pass, the bill at a'lo
cal bank gave' the officers a/clew, and !
the. vessels was . detained . . two \u25a0; hours. ;
whlle^ a*^.further ' investigation was
made. ;As'a result five "men,; in -addition !
to*Murphy,^. were placed under . arrest. !
Two*of : the * men, ; who are roarines, ' arc ;
charged 'with having counterfeit money
in ; thelr; possession. ;\; :. "-_-\u25a0 : \u0084 « /
; -;The" Sherman* sailed. at *s- o'clock to
nlghC^She^has.on.board.'under arrest, i
a.;mnn"jjriaracd j.Chllton,'. who. it Is : al-'
It'ged. .conducted, a^gambling i game, on :
the." transport.*-; .Tho.witn esses under dt
;tentlonihere'{say/thatVhe,:,'"brok©*\{the'
entire v' ship in . a > couple .of : days, -j win- 1
ninsr- hundreds 'of 'dollars.
Htf^^jWKHMBHJiy^HBBBEBBHjwi3OTi
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEATH TIES
LEADING MAN
OF THE CITY
John I. Sabin Dies'
After Brief
lilllGSSa
Unexpected Ending of
Head of Telephone
Corporation.
John I. Sabin, president of the Pa
cific States Telephone Company, died
shortly after 9 o'clock last evening at
his home. 2S2S California street.' where
he had been an Invalid for the past two
weefy"). Although his friends knew that
he was sick, few of them expected that
death would result..
According to a statement made last
evening by one of his physicians. Dr.
Philip King- Brown. Mr. Sabin had been
a chronic Invalid for a number of years
and a recent attack of rheumatism,
combined with his old trouble. Is sup
posed to have been responsible for his
untimely ending: Evjry means known
to medical science was resorted to to
prolong 1 the life of the patient, but ha
sank rapidly and passed peacefully
away - last evening.
Almost all of Mr. Sabin's family was
with: him when he died. His daughter,
who waj* recently married to Captain
A. .W. Bjornstad, XJ. S. A., with whom
she "is now visiting New Tork. was
advised of her father's death last night
arid .will start for the coast to-day.
The funeral will take place Friday
from the family residence on Cali
fornia street, and will probably be* held
under:" the auspices of the Masonic or
der/" of. which the deceased was a mem
ber.
The passing of John I. Sabin removes
from the community one of its leading
citizens. . He was born In New Yorlc
in 1547, and in.lS6l he wm
serving as a messenger boy for the
Western Union Telegraph Company.
Six months later he rras made an op
erator, and he continued in that po
sition until the outbreak of the war,
when he enlisted as a telegraph oper
ator., serving until 1565. when he cama
to California with the Collins Over
land Telegraph expedition, which was
made under the direction of the West
ern-Union officials. For a time he was
engaged by the company in work . .it
Plover bay. Northwestern Siberia. Re
turning to San Franci3co, he became
Interested with the late George S. Ladd
in:the telephone enterprises., and ;witU
the. latter he eventually succeeded in
consolidating a number of companies in
various ' parts -of the Stat«», and " from
these grew * the present trunk system.
In which he succeeded Ladd' as presi
dent.
In May. 1901. Mr. Sabin. after a re
markably \u25a0 successful career here, was
called tto Chicasro, where he was elect
ed president .of the Chicago i-Telephone
Cornpany..«He devoted a sreat deal or
his ienersy. and ability ' toward * giving:
that, city a model telephone system., In
Continued on Pase 3, Colnaa f, \u25a02
CITY'S GOOD CITIZENS
INDORSE NOMINATION
OF JOHN S. PARTRIDGE
Great Throng at Alhambra;.Listens
to the Fusion Candidate
Defy the Grafters.
Cunduunl frum Page 1. Column* - and 3.
cinct. How Jone Oo you think M" /rrartcr would remain" in j/ov.er? Such q man,
whatever his station in life, would be acling v.ith vast' 'views. Suppose' that
every progressive man would go into executive session himself and resolve
that Sau ,Francisco should have ths smoothest .streets in the country.. now Jqng
do you think ir would Mike l>» make them so? Such a man would be acting^- with
•vjis't views.' .' "\J -:
STRONG MEN. DEEDED IN THE FIGHT. ...'/: ,/; f|...
"We need men xMb 'vast views' in the work, we have undertaken, AYe
want men who will uo things and not those who deplore the sad conditioniof
affairs because they are June. We want men- who have faith hi the futurp'Of
Sau Francisco and -are willing to translate that Jlaith Into ,word 3. . We want
men who cannot be fooled or bribed or cajoled or threatened into -connivlng-ar
any transgression of "the law. "T \u25a0\u25a0
"For nearly .two years now*, in connection with my work in the City Attor
ney's oSjce. I have made a vsry thorough study of that body of lav.- VrioHn
as the new Charter. Most of its provisions have been before the Supreme
Court, and we know just about what they mean. It is a very plain and simple
Instrument end if its provisions art? faithfully carried out. it will give ua an
almost perfect municipal government. But, like all other legislation, it depends
entirely upon tbe kind of men'wi.o administer it. You cannot legislate decency
into people. In vain are the provisions for civil service If the administration is
bent on using the employes' to build up a political machine; in vain are . the
provisions against the use. of the poli..e for political purposes if the commis
sion chooses to disregard them; in vaia are those sections which are to give us
a fair and non-partisan election commission if their express provisions are ig
nored and disobeyed. Good men wiH give you good government under the worst
laws and b?.d men will crivc you had government under the test laws.
"The Democratic and Rc-publiean conventions have unselfishly presented
for your consideration a ticket " composed of men, nearly all of whom have
already served you faithfully and well. It is what the football, player^
rail a 'picked team.' They have stood against the grafters and corruption
jsts and have saved tho city .government from absolute destruction.
PULL LEVER ONCE IN DECENCY'S CAUSE.
"1 do believe that it would be far bettor for the forces of decency to
lo^e the Mayor than the rest ol Uic ticket, and I most earnestly entreat
you to vote that ticket straight. I do not want any of you io vote for me on
pr-rsoiial grounds, but only because you believe In the principles I repre
sent, and if you are steadfast in these principles, you will swing tiiat lever
once and give your place in the booth to some one else.
"Ladles and pcntlemen, I have already attempted m my speeches before
the two conventions to state plainly and simply what I stand for and what
I intend to do. 1 have said that I accept the nomination entirely against
my will and against what I consider the interests of these who are de
pendent upon me. I have said, and I repeat, that the nomination coming in
th.it way left me absolutely free to do my whole duty to the people, with
no obligation whatever to asiy person or party, and free I am going to
remain to tbe end. But I want you to* believe that I will give you mor«
tha:; an anti-bad administration. That Is easy enough.
"But San Francisco is entitled to a thorough-going, good government; a
government that will be not only clean, but efllclent; that will not only turn
rascals out, but will put capable men in; a government that will gel things
done; tliat will make this city* worthy of the high place reserved for it;
that will make it clean and beautiful and wholesome; rich in • material
blessings and richer still in its moral standing among the citie6 of the
world.
"Tho imagination is dazzled by ihe thought of what this city might be
nnd shall be. The Western Pacific is about to open up the northern part
of the State as it never has been opened before. The Ocean Shore is mere
1> the beginning of a net work of suburban Hneß ."Which will render aeeefi-
Pi'^le tbe unparalleled attractions of the territory around the bay. We want
in be In v position to seize the goldtn opportunities that are all about us.
OUR GOOD NAME MUST BE PROTECTED. '
"We want a government that will command the confidence of the world.
Our reputation is our most valuable asset, and while our natural advan
tages are so great that we couldn't dodgo prosperity if we tried, yet there
is no doubt that the conditions of the last four years have retarded our
growth in many ways. If you are in earnest, we shall remove all that, and
Vlien we once have a city government which will be a matter • of pride,
rather than a crying disgrace, let u-s form ourselves into a great com
mlttee for the advancement of San Francisco, so that capital* may lind here an
Inviting field for investment and laboring men foel secure in abundant em
jilovnuMit at remunerative wages. For myself. I? I lose, any personal feel- \u25a0
ing wil be drowned in sliainc. for the city I love so well. If I win, my
days shall be spent in proud labor for her welfare and my nights in study
ing how best she can be served.
"And nov; I want to say a word to the grafterp. I have told them be
fore that I do not want their votes. 1 give them fair warning to do their
best to defai me, for if I am elected I will throw out every boodler and
every 'grafting commission. l>et us Khvp.no misunderstanding about it. No
honest man need b^ afraid, but every man who has made a' profit of his
office, every man who hr<« betrayed the people for gain,, every man who has
rnlin-d the efficiency of the government for his own selfish ends bad bet
ter spend his days and nights working against me. I ask no quarter and
I will give none. • ,
"There can be no compromise with dishonesty, no mercy for dishonfpt'
m*»n. And I call upon you all to help me. I appeal to the decent manhood—
aye, and to the decent womanhood — of San Francisco to assist me. I ap- :
p^al to the young: men; I appeal to those who .love their home?; I appeal
to the taxpayers who want their money . properly and honestly expended,
1 apeal top the honest and fair-minded working men, and the men In
all calling^ who are in favor of honesty and a square deal. I want to talk
to as many of you as I can and tell you that this is not my personal fight,
but that almost the very existence of the city js staked upon the issue, and
•whether 1 win or lose I Intend to be able to wme back and grasp you by
the hand and look you in the eye, jvi one who has fought a fair flght and'
done his best."
KVAX A.\D TOBIX E.VTEH.
Before the meeting had heen called to
order Daniel A. Ryan stepped upon the
platform, followed by Joseph S. Tobin.
At the sight of them the house broke into,
a storm of applause which was only si
lenced by Ryan, as he began the intro
ductory speech presenting Mr. Tobin as
the Chairman of the evening. Ryan said
in part:
W e meet here to-night v.ot as Republicans
en-! Democrats, but as citizen? of a crrat
commonwealth, net to discuss {Treat political
<ju*-stions but measures for the defense of our
homes, and in the interest of the honor of our
city and looking for Its preservation, redemp
tion and salvation. We iwtt to ratify a ticket
eelect'd by the groat parties of Lincoln and
Jefferson in the name of the city and county
o' San Francisco for the protection of all
good, noble men and women.
We meet to ratify what has already been
dene for San Francisco in nominating that
'sterling man. Bble lawyer and perfect citizen,
John S. Partridge. Well may you applaud.
and all that have the city's interests at heart !
•will applaud on the evening of the 7th of
November, when San Francisco Is redeemed
end can raiae her head among the pure mu
nicipalities of the country.
My function here is to introduce the chair
man of the evening, the distinguished citizen
a-nd lawyer, who is the assurance of the good
faith Of the present meeting, the Honorable
JoF-er.>h 6. Tobin.
Mr. Tobin was warmly greeted and
•when the applause had died away deliv
ered the following address:
Tills is a significant gathering. It indi
cates that tbe sluggish blood of this com
munity has betn stirred. By the very depth
of our dishonor ar-d by the . revolting con
ec'ousness of our infamy, civic love Is re
animated, and we no longer Ftruggle as Demo
crats and Republicans for the mf-re spoils of
office, but, as <*itl**ne of a groat city, we
are here to pledge our fnlth an patriotic
Americans th&t Kan Franc!*co. debauched and
polluted, shafl rise S3n Francisco redeemed
end made ".lean.
We need no political device to emphasize
the issue. It has been burned into the rou!
of rach one of uk by the shame tnd corrup
tion f-f our public life- This issue is plain
and must l>e met. Vainly, I say. during this
campaign will low passion bt Inflamed of
high Impulse prostituted to cloud for a mo-
HKTit an Ireue th&t cannot thus be concealed.
Crushed beneath a loath Home buiden of
scandal and corruption, our opponents stagger
to iho bar cf public opinion, screaming in
venomous expostuiatlc-n. "It's a fight of the
rich against the poor; the li*el of capital is
upon the neck of labor." They He. and In
the depths of their hearts they know It. it
Is a vile appeal. An appeal suggested by
crafty ajid unscrupulous men.
It is disproved by this vast audience, rep
resentative of every condition of life. There
is no sympathy here for a class flght; and.
In fact, the life and character of our caa
fiidate is a pledge of the elnoerity of our
profession. If pledge were needed. ,'
Is It not the glory and hope of our de
mocracy that those whose childhood is co
often spent in privation, far from the rush
of great cities. Is it not our hop* and in
spiration that the«e men are so frequently
our chosen leaders, are so often exalted to
th» highest places among us?
Without a suspicion of flatt*ry I can say
our young candidate Is of this type, and his
very life and personaJlty are wholly inconsistent
\u25a0with the false issue sought to be raised In this
campaign. With neither wealth nor influence
how often has such a man proved hlroselt
the vindication and triumph cf government
t.y the jjf-eple. Such a man is presented to
this rneotir.g as the candidate of Republicans
and Democrats in Mr. John S. Partridge.
STRONG TYPE OP MANHOOD.
Xrsemblyrnan Nathan C. Coghlaa wu
the first speaker introduced by Mr. Tobin.
Mr. Coghlan said in part:
. .lust think of two grand old parties com
ing together an«l agreeing: on a man to look
after the welfare of thU city. Could they
have mad.» a better selection than picking
out a man from amons ut> as John S. Part
ricge is? Is there any one among us capable
of bestowing- the praise* which he deserves?
Citizens. John Partridge comes before you
as an Ideal man; one whose record is a credit
to Pan Francisco. He comes not as a pam
r>ered eon of a rich family, who has been
reared in a palatial mansion. His career is.
one on which is stamr>ed the true qualities
of American manhood. A ?«elf-made. man. who'
was born of Dr.or narenta and has \u25a0worked his
way along from his youth by hard work and
induetry.
Let us look back to the records of municipal
history. Time after time cities have fallen
Into the hands of officials who ehamed them
by corruption. Time after time the people's
•iuggteh blood ha« been aroused and they have
downed those whose greed for money did not
stop them- from making the municipality their
prey. We are again faced by this crisis I and
the people are again aroused and have come
to the realization that something must be
done.
The citizens of this city are aware of the
conditions of the past and on the seventh
day of next month they will show this by
putting Into office John S. Partridge, a man
who reorepcntß the common people.
Chairman Tobin next introduced
Thomas XV. Hlckey, the chairman of the
Democratic County Committee. Hlckey'a
speech was one of the most forceful of
the evening and won from his auditors
rounds of applause. He said:
We meet here to-night aa citlzena of this
great city of San Francisco, free of party
distinction. We have a great campaign before
us and we are going to win.
We have picked out a young, fearless ag
gressive, honest, high-principled man for our
leader, the man who Is destined to use his
valor, his Integrity and hl« sincerity of pur-
POM to rescue our beloved city from ranina
and debauchery.
PEo»-»,E AVAVT PARTRIDGE.
John 6. Partridge is going to be elected, and
elected because th« honest people of this com
munity want him.
. P*,..P cat "}*"** «t* n <i for decency and
fair flings Al over our nation, in New
York, in Philadelphia, in Boston In Chicago,
comes up" the great cry that the' corrupt gov.
i err.ment of our cities is the scandal of our
nation.
For several years past It has been almost
an impossibility for people entering -into pol
itics to break away from bos*e«. Now the
time is h*re, when a decent citizen has «om«
to the front, free from any boss, and Is to
'be elected for this very reason. In tb« present
administration the charter has not been carried
out. This administration has been the most
corrupt and rotten administration that has
ever disgraced our city. We have been sold
for money. We have been delivered Into bond-\
age by a Pharaoh who only knows one rule '
and that one rule. Is the rule of graft. Th«
present administration Is a mistake We hay«
all found that out. We are not going to make
any mistake this time. Four years ajro we
made a mistake and two years ago we did the
sanw thing. .
th u", n \u25a0 h 7 i *£ t man>llk e John Partridge
at the helm of the government they win have
the right man In the right Place. He bends
to no boss aad he bows to no trickster.. w«
have no finer young man . in this country w«
has made his own way In life and hehaj'mAd.
an honest name for himself at the same ??£.„
He was schooled, by his own exertiontTand by
these exertions he supported his mother at thY»
same time. He has been disciplined by ref
sponslbilities. He will be elected l and \ then £
shall have a cleaner, a better- and a m>»!
San Francisco. • • , . purer
HAS LIVED .THROUGH GRAFT.
//At the conclusion of Mickey's speech
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER '11, 1905.
WAITS IN VAIN
FOR THE MAYOR
Laro'e Crowd at Strieker's
Hall ' Disappointed by the
Chief Executive of * City
MAKES THREE SPEECHES
Utters His Cry Against the
Fiisioir Ticket and Then
Mysteriously "-* Disappears
Mayor Schmitz spoke at three meet
ings last night in widely separated sec
tions of the. city... He was billed to
appear at a fourth, Strieker's Hall.
Twenty-eighth and Church streets, but
for some reason he failed to turn up.
A large crowd waited patiently for
three hours while the " preliminary
speakers talked against time, but at
length they grew tired of sitting and
left the hall. The Mayor sent no word
In exDlanation of his failure to appear.
A large crovtrd greeted Mayor Schmitz
at Washington Square Hall, Union. and
Stockton streets, the heart of the Ruef
camp. He urged, all to vote the straight
ticket. He dwelt for the most part
upon his administration and on the
fact that the times had been prosperous
during his regime. As usual he de
rided the idea that graft existed at
the City "Hall, and stated that those
who were leading the opposition --vere
after what graft they could pick up.
"The reason that the capitalists and
larger merchants are fighting me," said
the Mayor, "is because tUey have not
one of their kind in office. They are
opposed to one who has sprung from
the ranks of the wage-earner and is
proud of the fact. They are disap
pointed because the wage-earners of
this city are better paid and are in
better condition than the toilers of any
other city in the world." %
A fair-sized audience was in attend
ance at Manzanlta Hall, Fourth and
Perry streets, the next stop. Here the
Mayor discussed the issues of the cam
paign and vilified the Citizens' Alliance.
The Railway Men's Hall, 664 Fourth
street, was .filled with men and boys.
Mayor Schmitz here, as everywhere,
urged every one present to attend the
ratification meeting at the Alhambra
Theater, to-night. The speakers of' last
evening were: G. F. Duffey, E. B.
Shortall, M. W. Coffey, J. H. Nelson, L.'
A. Rea, F. P. Nicholas, G. B. Ben ham,
Major C. W. Kyle, D. G. Colamun;
Thomas F. O'Neil, T. F. Lonergan, \V.
H. . Langdon, S. Wells Horton, Sam
Davis and James de Succa.
The Riggers' and Stevedores' Schraitz
Club was organized Stl2l New _ Mont
gomery street last evening. The officers
are P. D. Ilarthorn, president; Joiin H.
Dolan, sepretary, . and A. C. Holmes,
treasurer. Fifteen vice presidents and
five s«rgeants-at-arms we^j chosen Reso
lutions commending Schmitz's adminis
tration were adopted. \u25a0'•
"The Star-Spangled Banner" was effec
tively rendered by the quartet and Mr.
Tobin then introduced Henry U. Bran
denstein. who was enthusiastically re
ceived. He said in part:
This is' essentially'"' a ratification pt Jolin.S.'
Partridge, but I ask leave to et^sak a word
In my own : behalf. I seem to have been
chosen as the special tarxet for ajl kinds Of
insinuations by the grafters. Let me assure
you that when I am elected District Attorney,
and I will be elected I will persecute nobody
and will protect nobody from Just punish
ment, not even If it is the chief executive
. of the city. , . ..."".'
' There is no graft? I tell you we who stand
here have seen it, lived through It, fought
against It ami under oath have testified to
It 3 existence.
If the gang wins the day it means the 1 tri
umphal aegrading of San Francisco. 1 trust
the voters, will show their Americanism on
election day by sweeping the gangsters Into
the bay arid -voting solidly for John S. Part
ridge. .
After paying a tribute to Samuel
Braunhart, who la at present, seriously
ill, Chairman Tobin introduced. General
C. A. Woodruff, whose witty remarks
made, a hit with the audience. General
Woodruff «aid: : .
SCHMITZ ENEMY OF LABOR.
We meet to ratify a ticket made necessary
by ineompetency and depravity, to confirm a
fusion made possible by patriotism, to pre
diet a victory made sure If every, citizens does
his \u25a0 duty. I shall address my remarks to or- ,
ganlzed labor, not . the sort that some Job
chasers claim to carry in their vest pockets,
but the other kind, the thinking kind. I claim
to have earned the right to speak to them, if
not for thorn. My lather was a New Eng
land farmer, where rocks were thicker than
potatoes, and where they breed worklngmen
of the thinklnc kind.
As a boy of 17, I "struck" on turning the
grindstone, threw down my hoe, and became a
"walking delegate" In the grandest labor union
>the world has ever known; and when our la
bor union blotted slavery from oft our statute
books, we did more for the. uplifting of work
ingmen than any other union our country, has
ever produced.
I believe in labor unions, but, like Samuel
Gompers and John Mitchell, I don't want to
see them In politics any more than I want to
see tho Grand Army in politics. It was rulu
ous'to the Grand Army in '68; if persisted In,
It will be ruinous to labor unions. I shall not
appeal to your prejudice, but to your patriot-
Ism, to your reason and to your civic pride.
Can union labor afford to Join hands with
the classes who do most to degrade worklng
raer. In upholding th« sort of city government
we now have and such as we have had for the
past four years? Do respectable working
men and women, fathers and mothers, wish to
go on record as supporting a city government
that panders to those vices most corrupting to
tho younic of both sexes?
The Mayor claims to be the friend of labor;
"by their works ye shall know them." Can
honest fathers and mothers believe he Is their
friend, when he has the enthusiastic support
of ev«ry element that debauches mankind, de-
Etroys the home, that ruins your boys and
Remember, this is no ordinary political cam
paign, but one that should appeal to the wom
en of our city, the wives and mothers of our
voters, as well as to the voters themselves,
for It is a battle between decency and inde
cency, between the home and the dance hall,
between honesty and dishonesty. ' ,
If Mr Tartrldge were Mayor, with an hon
est, competent Board of Public Works, wa
could well all our $17,000,000 public Improve
ment bonds, and the resultant work would
give to labor millions; but to Mayor Schmitz
those millions for labor are aa nothing when
compared to the salaries and perquisites of dis
credited Commissioners. , \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0, .
I tnnt It wasn't labor union men who ran
riot on our streets a few weeks ago; it wasn't
Mayor Selimltz aloae who s»nt those ruffians
out to abuse women, boys and men. I \u25a0 sin
cerely trust It wasn't labor union men that dis
graced themselves, the Mayor and tho city at
the recent Republican convention, and : I wish
I could say it wasn't the Mayor and his proxy
who sent those rowdies there. . -It was a
despicable, disgraceful, 'cowardly attempt to
stifle free speech, which, organized labor can
not aftord- to Indorse, and every decent :citi
xen should rebuke by his vote.": \u25a0-
.': .'At l the* close of Woodruffs speech Mr.
Partridge was Introduced and held the
entire audience with his every word. At
the conclusion of the candidate's
speech; Chairman. Tobin proposed three
cheers for Partridge, and, with the
shouts ringing in the air. the large au
dence slowly filed Into the streets.
L.IST OP VICE PRES IDEXTS.
.. Following Is. the list of ylce presi
dents: . \u25a0 •;>--\u25a0\u25a0: '':' *:".
James B. Stetson, M. H. de Young, John D
Epreckels, W. J\V. Montague. Charles Holbrook
Isaac Uphanv'Jacoh H.: Neff, Joseph C.Camp
bell, George A. Knights W. Q. Stafford, Van
derlyn Stowe, W. \u25a0- R. Wheeler, George \u25a0H. \u25a0 Pip
py. General Georgre Stone, General's. W. Back
us,' Keuben H. Lloyd,"- Henry , J. Crocker : Wil
liam A. Abbott,l C. L. 'Aiken, 'William- S.
Barnes, Alex G. Hawes, Edward Dlmond," Ed
ward Hale," Marshall -Hale. John T. ~ Dare/ Al-'
bert M. Johnson, ; B.'Bruettlng, H. H. Ban
croft.- Paul Bancroft, T. D. Boardman,- George
C. . Boardman, : William F.t Buttle, Philip Ban-
THE QNLY'BEACHLOTS OBTAINABLE
. j. . at'Halfmoon Bay are located in the Ocean Beach Tract. -DON'T FORGET THIS.
When we; say that we are offering you -the BEST and CHOICEST property and the only Beach Lots obtainable, we mean just what we
say. There are other, lots, of course, but none possessing the. many advantages to be found in Ocean Beach Lots, for the following reasons:
T^T^i^f AT TO TZ? °N ACCOUNT OF THEIR UNINTERRUPTED MARINE VIEW.
•• l tt"l^L>-/\- : LJ r>i~l ACCESSIBILITY TO THE BEACH— HALFMOON BAY'S GREATEST ATTRACTION.
z-^ 7 -r\f^ NEARNESS TO THE OCEAN SHORE DEPOT.
Every ocean, steamer. and craft of any description traversing the great Pacific between San Francisco and all Southern ports can be seen
from any part of the. Ocean Beach Tract— A -clean sweeping view of Old Ocean that nothing obstructs.
People owning lots in this tract will have but a few steps to take to the cars — running to and from Halfmoon Bay.
Location of depot being near the beach, the business of the town will center there, making Ocean Beach Lots valuable for business and
residence as well, ; ; \u25a0 . /
The" lots are" large, permitting spacious grounds for amusements or other purposes.
40 Minutes From San Francisco — No Transfers— All Lots Situated a Few Feet From the Ocean
The most choice in the district offered at prices that permit of quick returns, and large profits to investors.
The gigantic plans of the Ocean Shore Railroad Company and the Ocean Shore Development are gradually becoming known, and to those
who have kept in touch with the movements of these great corporations and understand the geographical position of this most beautiful of sea-
side resorts, will readily understand its' great possibilities as a place for investment.
;=TITLE PERFEGT >
Guaranteed by Title Insurance and Guarantee Co.
For Maps and Descriptive Matter call on or write , ./ '.
INVESTMENT BANKERS - 79 NEW MONTGOMERY STREET
COCKRAN STATES
HIS ATTITUDE
Special Cable to The" Call.
HONDLULU, Oct. 10. — Congressman
Bourke Cockran arrived here' to-day
from the Orient on the America Maru.
He said:
"I was- always and am now opposed
to the Philippines and Hawaii, but now
that .they are in the fold, I have put
my shoulder to the wheel. Mark my
word, the Philippines will be for the
plunderers, though Roosevelt is doing
his best for their Interests."
Cockran went to the Philippines to
investigate the Question of their reten
tion.' He is intensely interested in the
insurance investigation and asked for
all the papers with the news of the
inquiry.
Superintendent C. B. Miner of the
Holland Submarine Company; H. L.
Brake and several electricians, were
passengers on the America Maru from
the Yokosuku naval station, wh«re they
assembled the parts of the submarines
shipped from America during the war.
Neither Japan nor Russia used sub
marines at all. The vessels were not
completed in Japan until just before
the treaty bf peace.' Miner says he has
positive knowledge that no submarines
were used in any naval battle during
the war. ?,
STATE BOARD OF HEALTH
IS AFTER POISOX SELLERS
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10.— A meeting of the
Btate Board of Health was held at the Capi
tol to-day. A suggestion made by Dr. Hart
that Dr. Regensberger be requested .to go be
fore the Board of Health and • the . Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco and urge that
som© steps be taken to prevent the Introduc
tion of trochmona' unclnarius- into • California
waa adopted. -
The phyaiciaua had some dlecuaslon over
the lax methods of druggists in the sale of
poisons. It waa remarked that there had
been many cases of suicide on account of the
ease with which oolsons could be eecured. I
Upon the moWm of Dr. Hart a -resolution
was adopted instructing the secretary to In
struct the boards of health to take steps to
regulate the sales of poisons. y
Dr. Regensberger said that crude opium was
sold by the Chinese and that It was an easy
matter to buy large bottles of morphine from
wholesale dealers, who do not- keep a record
of the sales of poisons - like : the retail deal
ers are expected to keep, t
croft, W. W. Birch, W; F. Buttle Jr.. C..J.
Bogfeldt, E. W. Bender, cnarles Bliss, George
W. Cavanaugh, •D. A. Cordes, • James Dauma
kls,' A. R. Duperu. James J. Fagan, Dr. Har
rington Graham, AVilllam Greene, Thomas F.
Cavanaugh, Robert J. Hancock, George Hart,
F. A. Hcalej', Walter Hamby, Robert Husband,
Dr. J. W. . Likens, E. N. Fritz, ; A. G. Pag«,
R. H. Pickering. E..F. Adams, E.Nounan,
Tfalter E. Klatt.-' Fred J. Koster, C. E. Tal
madge, 1 - William C. My sell. William H. Harms.
A..H. LaMn.J. C. Fyfe, M. F. Feder. 'Q. W.
McKlm. John P. Albro. Colonel F. E. Beck,
E B Badlam. Dr. Frederick Burk. W. :W.
Hanscom. J. J. Sullivan, P. F. Ward, E. J.
Bowes V. P.* Craddock, \u25a0 General George Cool
idge, U 8 A. • retired ; L. -' A. Taylor, Rev. T.
Brown Rev. A. A. - Burlelgh. A. Larsen. D..
Weir, J. F. McCarthy.' O. R. • Tyson, M.* Shep
ard, Joseph McTlgue, P. J. Healey, • D. C Dog
gett, E.J . Curtin, W. A. Gilllam, Thomas Sid
don, Leo E. Dodge, M. L. McCord,;H. O. Wi
ley, O yon Trott, 0., C. ,Wlllard. William H.
Franklin.' C. B. f. Harkins, D. •C. Daly,-J. -IC
Murphy, M. Konka, CM. Yates, C. A. Laton,
W. J. . Dutton; -J. - Albert , Nobla, r Dr. <J. E.
Cohen, Churlea L. ; Patton. ... . . :
(Jarret McEnerney, Harry .T. , Creswell, J.
F Sullivan, James \u25a0H. " Barry, '.Thomas -R.
Carew, J. F. English, -. Herman Gustadt, John
Hj Marble WaahlnKton Dodge, Gavin McNab,
J. H. Hanson. > Edward i. 1. . Coffey. : Jeremiah
Coffey,' James Baclgalupl, L. V. t Merle, W." J.
Bryan, : Jesse W. Bryan, .Joseph '.. Gorman -W.
I Egan,' : W. i AU - Asmussen, •\u25a0', James .* V. s Cole
man. James .N. Block, M. '\u25a0 C. Hassett. D. Gil
bert • Dexter. - Alfred Murphy, * Benjamin Brod
erick, Jamea Murphy, ' John -Clark, Charles
Greyer.- v Adolph Schwlnn." William Broderick.
E.-G. 3.urton, John ;W. McDonald, William N.
Cannon,' John : Ellsworth,; George , Haggerty, J. ;
E."-- Scully, -.Fred Franzen,; John"F.';Cunning
ham. John' E. " Brannan, -3;• J. . Cunningham,
R? -V. • Bey, R. IV. ,y Doolan, '\u25a0>. Charleo ..Wesley
Reed," Joseph ' Keoghn, -Arthur H.: + Barendt,'. P."
F. Skelley, ,T.:Long, ; A,;N. Jovanne*
HEARST TO TRY
FOR MAYORALTY
NETV YORK. Oct. 10.— William Ran
dolph Hearst to-night made public a let
ter addressed to Judge Samuel Seabury
of the Municipal Ownership League, ac
cepting the league's recent tender of a
nomination for Mayor of New York. The
municipal convention of the organization
will be held on Thursday, but Mr. Hearst
was offered the nomination at a meeting
Borne days ago. His acceptance assures
three Mayoralty tickets In the field this
fall— the Democratic, Republican and Mu
nicipal Ownership League. In his letter
of acceptance Mr. Hearst said in part:
\u25a0 I have felt absolutely unable and unwilling
to accept the nomination you have offered me,
but I have at length decided to defer to your
wishes and not to shirk a task that presents
itself to me as a public duty.
The situation In this city Is so grave and
the condition of the public in the face of
organized bossism Is apparently so helpless
that no man has a right to consider anything
else, least of all his private acralrs or personal
inclination.
The one thing to be considered 1b the neces
sity of giving the people an opportunity to
vote for gome man of whom it may at least
be eald that he would, if elected, represent
those that voted for him and .not any boss
or corporation or selfish private interest.
If your convention believes that I am such
a man I shall accept the nomination. It is
Intolerable, In view of the recent exposures
of the gas trust and the Insurance frauds,
that the Interests of the citizens should be
.allowed to go, by default. "
The letter of Mr. Hearst was read at a
meeting of the committee of seventeen to
night. Former, Senator John Ford was
agreed upon for Comptroller and James G.
Phelps Stokes for president of the Board
of Alderman. The committee announced
that Mr. Ford had a.greed to accept and
that Mr. Stokes had tentatively accepted.
The committee considered the matter of
platform, one plank of which will de
clare for municipal ownership, pending
which "we favor short term leases/with
power of resumption by the city upon
adequate compensation for the capital in
vested."
Among the organizations represented at
the meeting were the Greater New York
Municipal Ownership League, which will
hold Its convention on Thursday night;
the Municipal Ownership League of
Brooklyn, which will formally indorse
Mr. Hearst and the other ' candidatea
probably on Friday night; the German-.
American Municipal League, the Work
ingmen's Municipal Ownership League
and the Citizens' Union, August H. Steb
blns «ecretary of the - committee, being
a Citizens' Union man. :
BIG SHORTAGE IX FUNDS
OF THE DOUGHERTY BA^K
PEORIA. 111., Oct. 10.— Humors are
being . circulated that Newton C.
Dougherty's peculations extended to
the funds of the Peorla National Bank,
of which he was They . are
based on disclosures made by Receiver
C. H- : Bosworth's cursory examination
of the bank's funds." *;
The 1 receiver found [ only $55,000 In
cash .and ; deposited; the money In the
Commercial German National Bank.
The Individual deposits of the bank,
according to Its last official | statement,
were" $473,115 65 %and $303,491^02 \ln
time certificates. , It 'ls. thought 'in 'some
circles that most of the available secu
rities i have been rediscounted' by' some
one connected with the bank."
\u25a0;,The splendid home of Dougherty was
seized by the; Sheriff to-day, as well as
air other "property known, to belong to
Dougherty. p:> Dougherty : still : maintains
his Innocence.-.: /
S nlclde of Bank' Canhler.
HOUSTON.'Tex., Oct. 10.— F. B.'Gray, cash
ier. of .- the I Commercial National Bank of this
city, shot himself '\u25a0 twlca - with ' a * revolver to
day, ; dying s almoet 3 inaUntly. , Ha vrtut about
40 years old and rated UJgn in Texaa banttaa-
COULD HOLDS
THE WHIP HAND
TOLEDO, Ohio, Oct. 10. — No directors
were, chosen at the annual meeting of
the Wabash to-day. The sessions, with
tho exception of two brief recesses,
lasted from 9 o'clock in the morning
until 11:15 at. night, almost the entire
time being taken up by the examina
tion of proxies.
Although no figures have been given
out, it is believed that the vote to be
taken to-morrow will show that Gould
has behind him about $22,000,000 of the
bonds and that Ramsey has in the
neighborhood of $2,0U0,000. This makes
certain that the six men nominated by
the Gould faction as directors repre
senting the bondholders will be elected.
These men are Russell Sage. Wlnslow
S. Pierce, E. T. Welles, TV. B. Saunder.
R. C. dowry and E. D. Galloway. Ram
sey has not shown sufficient strength
to enable him to hold his seat as a di
rector and it is believed he is weaker
in stock proxies than he Is in the bond 3.
At the night session Ramsey's attor-.
neys took the position that no man
should be* allowed to vote unless he Is
the actual owner of stock at the time
of the meeting. They submitted af
fidavits covering about $1,000,000 bonds,
in which the affiants declare them
selves the actual owners of stock which
stood in other names on the stock list
at the time the books were closed prior
to the election. The proxies for this
stock had been given to Gould In
every Instance and the persons de
claring themselves the present owners
had given proxies to Ramsey. Chief
among these was James R. Keen*, who
gave a proxy for ' $212,000. and J. "W.
Hennlng & Co. of New York, who gave
one for $154,000.
The Inspectors ruled against Ramsey
In every instance, holding that the
bonds could only be voted by the per
sons In whose name they stood at the
time of the closing of the books.
REASON IS EESTOKED M
BY SIGHT OF SPOUSE
Wife of Miner Who Tried to
Kill Self and Child Now
Special Dispatch to 'lite Call.
RENO. Oct. 10. — After raving In a
maniac's cell at the State Insane Asy-
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIOINAL remedy tint •^Uto tm Dmadtwtt Oeno."
-THE HERPICIDE HABIT 38^8^^ teWS
; >. \u25a0•«\u25ba•*-..->\u25a0•, -. - • - «ver that grows la popularity. D«Utlit» th«
C*r«rn! jxople now cens Idtt It* duty Obmi tadteaby kecplne tt* half Ujtbtaad fluffy an 4 by
scalp prophyUflt. as It Insures deaaUBMS and fMag Its sllkn {toss. Cons dandruff, stops
freedom from dandruff microbes. Th* rtfrtsWa j nlllar hair. Gives satisfaction and excites aJ-
quality and exquisite ft-agraac* of Ntwbro's Hcrp- alrmaoo. Stops Itching Uutastly. . . . -_, [
0OIN& I GOING' U CypNEi !!1
'- l£tf ICIDE VOLUTE IT. I£1?!C1OE OTJ. UIC IT. m LATE FU aB«CIO*.tC
on< Stem, sl.oo. Sod 10c, stasps, to kbpicide' CO, Oapt 8, Detail bleu, far t tta^i[l-',
At Leadinar Droar Stores or Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Mich., upon receipt I
ot $1.00. Application* at promtaent Barber Shop*. . '\u25a0'*\u25a0' **7|".
lum»for several days and being given
up by the attending physicians as hope
lessly Insane. Mrs. \V. D. Ramagre of
Denver, Colo., regained her reason ln-;
stantly on beholding the- face of her"
husband. The unfortunate woman was
taken from the train at llazeh last
week, a raving maniac. She attempted
to throw her young child and herself '
from the window of the car In which
she was riding. Her husband, who i 3
a wealthy mine owner of Goldfleld. was
telegraphed for and arrived at the
asylum yesterday morning. Sh© left
the asylum to-night with her husband.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr G»t1o.
from Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm 11. fo?
j Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; atxa*
Prtnz Osk&r. for Xaplas and Genoa; stmr Vlc
1 torlan. for Liverpool.
i ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr JTnUnd.
from New York.
SYDNEY. N. S. W.— Arrived prior to Oct
10 — Stmr Aorangt. from Vancouver, via Hon
olulu and Brisbane.
GLASGOW — Arrived Oct ltt— Btm* Aatorta.
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Hav
ertord, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool; stmr
Oceanic, from New York; etmr Caronia. from
, New York, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
HAVRE — Arrived Oct 10— 8tmr La Gaseogne..
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Oct 10— Star Laorra
tian, for Philadelphia.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Kaiser
; Wllhelm der Grosse. from New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct JO — Btmr Hamburg,
from N«w York, via Gibraltar.
GENOA — Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Lombard t.
from New York.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 10— Btmr Columbian.
for Boston.
SHANGHAI — Arrived Oct 10— Strar Shaw
mut. from Tacoma and Seattle, via Yokohama
AUCKLAND— Arrived Oct 10^ — Btmr Sierra,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for Syd
tey. N. S. W.
MORORAN — Sailed Oct 3 — Stmr Vadaml*.
for Port Townsend.
BATTLE FOR PARTRIDGE
Contlnned from Page 3* Columa 1.
hold to the belief that a large vote WQI
be favorable to Partridge., and* will
therefore exert special energy to reach
every registered citizen.
In this contest there 13 no "third
party" to: confuse the voters. The is
sue 13 plain. The forces of decency
are on one side and the hordes o£ graft
are on the other. Ruef and Schrnlta
are endeavoring to create other Is
sues to distract public attention - from
the main question, but there Is no In
dication that the voters can be duped
again. If the people want a govern
ment of Ruefters, by the Ruefters and
for the Ruefters they j will vote for
.Schmltz. If they want clean and cred
itable government they will vota for
Partridge. C-:*r" :. :TRUSTED CLERK
STEALS $ 1 00,000
Flees With Package of Cur
rency Given to Express
Company for Shipment
NO TBACE OF FUGITIVE
Tells His Wife He Is Going
Out to Spend the Evening
and Escapes With Loot
PITTSEURG. Oct. 10.— The startling
discovery was made late to-day that
the Adams Express Company has been
victimized to the extent of $100,000,
supposedly through the peculations of
\u25a0 an employe.. The following official
statement of the affair Is given for
publication:
"At 4:30 p. m., Monday. October 9,
a bank of Pittsburgh delivered to the
Adams Express Company, at Its office
610 Wood street, Pittsburg, a pack
age of currency, containing $100,000.
•Va* amourt SSO.OOO vt-as ln 5100 bllu
53 0.000 in $50 bills, and the remainder.
110,000, in 55. $10 and $20 bills. The
package containing this large sum of
. money was consigned to a bank in
• Cincinnati.
"This package was received and re
ceipted for by Edward George Cunliffe,
who was then acting in the place of
the regular money clerk, who was ill.
"Cunliffe left the office at the usual
time last evening, and this morning,
when he failed to report for duty, a
hurried examination was made of his
department and it was learned that
about $1000 of funds entrusted to his
care was missing. General Agent
Hiner of the Adams Express Company
called in detectives and placed the mat
. ter ln their hands. Later developments
brought to light the fact that, in addi
tion to the SlOOO missing, the bank's
package containing the $100,000 had
not been received at the money for
warding office at the Union station in
this city.
"Inquiries made at his residence. 314
Lucerne street. West End, Plttsburg,
showed that Cunliffe arrived home at
the customary time last evening, and
after changing his clothes bade his
family good-'oy. saying to his wife
that he was going out for the evening.
Nothing further has been heard from
him.
"Cunliffe has been employed by the
Adams Express Company sirvce March 1,
Previous to that time he was
in the Pittsburg service of
the American Express Company, the
Electric Express Company and the
United States Express Company of
Hartford. Conn., and bore a good repu
tation. He was methodical, accurate
and an excellent clerk."
A warrant has been issued charging
Cunliffe with larceny.
HUNGARY TO EXJOY
TEX WEEKS' TRUCE
Diet Is Prorogued and Ne
gotiations With Crown
Will Continue.
BUDAPEST, Hungary, Oct. 10.— The
Hungarian Diet was prorogued to-day
until December 19, without any unto
ivard incident beyond the displays of
angry sentiment on the part of the
united opposition in the Lower House.
This gives a breathing space of ten
\u25a0weeks for further negotiations between
the crown and the coalition, but the
chances for an agreement are regarded
as slim. The coalition appears to Vie
willing to play a waiting game, In the
conviction that the necessities of the
Government with regard to money, re
cruits and commercial treaties .will
torce the crown to consent to a settle
ment.
General Baron Fejervary will go to
Vienna to-iriorrow or Thursday to sub
"V mlt reports to the King-Emperor and
I to await his Majesty's decision regard
ing his reappointment as Premier or the
acceptance of his resignation.
To reassemble the Diet before the
end of the jear offers the possibility
of the legal election of a Hungarian
delegation, but as it Is not likely that
Parliament will make the necessary ap
pointments, the crown probably v.'ill be
obliged to provide for the common ex
penditures of the' monarchy without
delegations and -ivithout the sanction
of the Hungarian Parliament.
OF IXTEBEST TO PBOPUB
OF THIS PACIFIC COAST
Patents luued for V:irlou* Devices to
RenSdentM of the Golden
State.
WASHINGTON. Oct. :o.— Samuel Archer has
t«ea appointed fourth-class postmaster at Solo
rr.on, Alaska, vice Torren B. Glass.
The following California patents have been
Sssuc-d: Franklin S. llecket, San Francisco,
pocket calculator; Harry H. Eernhard, Chlco,
if-peatlng torpedo cane; Thomas F. Hall, San
Jose, device for forming ornamental structures;
Lewis Landau. San Frarr.-seo. siphon bottle;
John G. Letteller. Los Angeles, locking and
dispensing crate for bottles and carboy*;
George SpauMing. San Francisco, disk plow;
Frederick Stebier. Riverside, automatic weigh,
ir.g machine; Henry C Tabret and W. LewJn,
fian Francisco, evaporator.
Skin Diseases
v are cured by
4g and
Eadorted by the Medical Profestion.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sc'.d br u--a.C-.nic UrK-cVs. !
JCetKtrau!-jecn!«*Ubel beirs n:>r iienature:
61 0 Prince Street. N. Y.
VZrtt* Tar fr*« lnfortnntl«n nlKmt
Hri»rt"7.J*\"K and «H'C«H>SK.
n CHICHCSTCR'S CNOLISH \u25a0 *: _
Pennyroyal pills
§] 7^-sT OHcinal »d <»nl) Urxolne.
ty iIiNNAFE. *1w»t« reliable. LadWw. *>k Umrriti
it <( CSSI ««\u25a0 CHI CHESTER'S KNGLLSH
/j«'i«j..jJgS\ In XXI» »i>4 Cold m«t»:iie bo«« ti!U
t W^J!w3 **tfc Uk riW»». Take •»• ©tker. Befu««
W *^ *£J I»««*ero»» H»b«tltiiUonn «»d I»ltf
I 7;I 7 ; ?f tl.»i— Bay «f ye«r DmwUt. or wad 4c l»
w J/f iubh fer Partleaiam, Te*tlmo»!aU
V«o» Bi ««d "Relief for Vrndlmm," ft l*n*r.*>r rj-
A*^ IF tinHtlk 1 •,©•«» Tentl»»BUU. Sold »J
*" n >>— — / all DrsMi-w. Cfclefceater Cheat cal O«_
M - Tn - T .u,. rr - Meltf— feflaare. PUUJU Jt*A.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABBTT ST. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment of rrlv«t«>
'llh*-«8» wearier on bodyand mlml and
Sfctn Dlseawa. The Doctorcnrf* when
others Ml. Try htm. itaw low.
« - o re* -rmtra o l*-*d. Cal lor wrt •
X>r. 4. V' OIBBOA . Ban FnacUeo. CaL
ELECTION COMMISSIONER ROBERTS MEETS
DEATH FROM THE BITE OF RATTLESNAKE
Election Commissioner Robert W. Roberts died Monday night at Calisloga as the result of an unusual
accident. He was bitten by a rattlesnake which had been shot to pieces, while he was out hunting with a party
of, friends. The head of the snake, the only tart of the reptile left, suddenly threw out its poisonous fangs,
-which fastened on Roberts* right forefinger, causing his death twenty-four hours- later. .
Reptile Fastens Its
Fangs Upon Vicv
tims Finger.
Head of Monster
Had Been Shot
From Body.
Poisonous Prong
Finally Does • Its
Deadly Work.
Election Commissioner Robert W.
Koberts died Monday night at Calistoga
as the result of a bite from a rattle
snake he received near the Little
Geysers last Sunday. Roberts, with a
party that included Fred Muller and
Otto turn iSuiien, an attorney, left this
city on a pleasure trip last Thursday
and was camping t Pine Flat, a few
miles above Calistoga.
On Sunday at noon, the party went
for a stroll and soon encountered a
large rattlesnake. Muller carried a
gun and shot the reptile into pieces.
The p::rty stood about lor several min
utes discussing the immense size of the
reptile s head, which was the only part
not blown to pieces. Roberts reached
forth to pick up the head and at that
instant the rattlesnake's poisonous
tangs darted forth and fastened on
Roberts' right forefinger. With a gasp
of horror Roberts cried out:
"My God, boys, I'm bit!"
Roberts' hand began to swell up to
a large size and remedies usual In such
cases were applied at once. As no im
provement was noticed in the sufferer's
condition arrangements were made to
take him to Calistoga. Arriving there,
Dr. H. L. Parish was immediately sum
moned, but Roberts was beyond medical
aid and he passed away at midnight
Monday. The body was shipped to this
city and now lies at Porter & White's
undertaking parlors.
Roberts was 45 years of age and
leaves a widow. He was appointed
Election' Commissioner by Mayor
Schmltz ln January, 1903, and his term
would have expired in 1907. Roberts
was associated wi^, tne Eagle Laundry
Company and was well liked by all who
knew him.
FIRE CAUSING
HEAVY LOSSES
SALINAS, Oct. 10. — Fierce fires are
raging all around Salinas. Thick,
heavy, black smoke hangs over the
city. On the west the flre which start
ed near Seaside has already swept over
more than 9000 acres, and it Is feared
It may sweep over the entire country
from the ocean to Salinas river, em
bracing over 35,000 acres. In San Mi
guel Canyon, on the east, fire has swept
clean some 7000 acres, including school
houses, residences, barns and orchards.
Near Gonzales flames laid waste over_
6000 acres. In all cases are conflagra
tions beyond -control, and the damage
will reach high into the thousands. Re
ports to-night are very gloomy.
damage: is enormous.
Fires In Ventura County Sweep Over
Many Acred.
VENTURA, Oct. 10.— To-night the great
forest and brush fires that have been raging
ln the vicinity for the past three days are
under control. Nordhoff and Vtntura are no
longer ln danger. The wind has subsided and
thrre is a return of cool, foggy weather. The
uamage that has been wrought by the con
flagration is enormous. No dwellings ln this
vicinity have been destroyed, but ln many
rlaces barns and their contents have been de
voured by the flames and considerable livestock
lias perished. In j addition, miles of fencing
and hundreds of cords of wood were burned.
It is impossible toiistimate the extent cf this
damage. The greatest loss, however, is to the
gtooimen. \u25a0 . .
LOSS VERY HEAVY.
Fire JVcar Reddlnc Does More Than
920,000 Worth of Damage.
REDDING, Oct. 10. — Twenty thousand dol
lars will not cover the damage done to Bast
Side farmers and orchardists by. the flre that
raged from noon yesterday until 5 o'clock this
morning. The ten-acre orchard of "W. J. B.
Ma>tin. including the drying sheds and racks
v.-ere burned, as were also fences, trees, barns
and 100 tons of hay on the'Menzel place, 100
ccrds of wood on McNeeley's and Parson's
places and se\-«n mlle3 of fencing along Churn
Creek. The flames licked up everything slick
and clean clear to the HamDton place and
were only checked there by systematic back
firing. Several of the fire lighters were over
come by the smoke and beat.
DELEGATES TO PORTUGUESE '
COIYVEXTIOX ELECT OFFICERS
L. A. linos of San Luis Oblapo la
Made President of the
V. P. E. C.
STOCKTON, Oct. 10.— The principal business
transacted by the supreme council of the U. P.
E. C. to-.lay was the election of officers for the
ensuing year as follows:
President, L. A. Enos of San Luis Obispo;
vice president. J. P. Menaonsa of Stockton;
secretary. L. J. Martin or Ban Leandro; treas
urer, John G. Matos of Centerville; master of
ceremonies, C. Augusto of Centerville; marshal,
A. J. Lemos of Oakland; inside guard, M. C.
Eerpa of San Francl6co; outside guard, J. -B.
Perry of Watsonvllle; medical director. Dr.
J. L. Azvedo of Oakland; directors— A. J. Pin
helro of Benicia, F. J. Lemos of Hay wards,
F. J. Cunha. of Oakland, a. V. Cunha of Mil
pitas, J. L Barbeiro of San Leandro, E F.
Santos of Petaluma, J. L Kafael of San Fran
cisco and J. T. Renaso of Berkeley; finance
committee^ — M. Fraga of Benicia and J. H.
Woods of Hay wards. ,
WEALTHY GAMBLER OF RENO '
IS JAILED AS A VAGRANT
Will Fight Charge and Also Make Ar-
rest Uiimlm of a Civil
Action.
RENO. Oct. 10. — Mart Johnson, formerly of
Ban Francisco and founder oC the Palace, on«
of the finest rambling resorts im the West,
costing In the neighborhood of $60,000, , was
arrested late last night on a charge of
vagrancy. He was on his way. home at the
time. Johnson spent several minutes Jn 'Jail
Chief of Police Leaver ln the present of wit
nesses cursing one friend who wont to In
quire as to the amount of the prisoner's bond.
Johnson had Just concluded closing a deal that
will amount to $25,000 when taken Into cus
tody. Johnson to-day stated that he Intends
not only to contest the charge, but make his
arrest the basis of a civil action.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1905.
ELECTION COMMISSIONER ROBERT W. ROBERTS. WHO PIED AT CALIS
TOGA ON 'MONDAY NIGHT A 6 THE RESULT OF. DEING- BITTEN BY A
RATTLESNAKE AFTER THE "VENOMOUS REPTILE HAD BEEN SHOT TO
1 PIECES. ;:.. ' :.s \u25a0:-..-., . '. ' :\u25a0\u25a0 •;« • , , * .
WIFE BEATER
GOES INSANE
William O'Dougherty, who threw his
7 months' old babe against the ceil
ing, breaking its right leg, and who
beat his wife when she tried to inter
fere, became violently insane in his
prison cell in the Central police sta
tion last evening. But for the presence
of mind of Officer John Maloney,
O'Dougherty's cellmate might have
been seriously hurt.
In the early part of the evening the
police were attracted to the cell by
a call for help. The door of the cell
was opened by the automatic spring
and Maloney, a well-built and trained
athlete," went to the assistance of
O'Dougherty's cellmate, who by this
time was being choked by the enraged
lunatic.
O'Dougherty immediately attacked
the officer and a hard struggle . fol
lowed. Maloney managed to drag
O'Dougherty from the cell into the of
fice part of the prison, where several
! of the other officers and some of the
trusties came to his assistance. John
Bolen, a trusty, was badly bitten on
the hand and several of the policemen
received minor scratches.
O'Ddugherty was linally subdued and
sent to the. Emergency Hospital to
await an examination before the
Lunacy Commission.
O'Dougherty was arraigned in court
yesterday' afternoon, and, after some
damaging testimony by his little 13
year-old daughter the Judge raised the
crime to a felony and set the case for
hearing to-day. Owing to the later
phases of the. man's conduct the hear
ing will" be postponed.
Detectives J. McGown, T. Conlon
and A. Martine swore to a complaint
late yesterday evening . charging
Thomas Fitzpatrlck and Bernard
Duffy with burglary. Fitzpatrick and
Duffy are very important witnesses ;
against O'Dougherty and after his ar
rest he charged them both with bur
glary.
The police at first took little stock :ln
the charge, but after a thorough Inves
tigation by the detectives they now be
lieve they can at least connect the two
men' with' Patrick Bogan, who was
caught while robbing a saloon on the
corner of Howard and East streets
about a month ago.
SEATTLE NOT ' LARGE EXOUGH
TO HANDLE BIG CONVENTION
Northern City XJnnble to Core for
Church Gntherlnß II Han
Been Seeking.
SEATTLE, Oct. 10. — The belief of local busi
ness men that Seattle would not be able to
accommodate! the multitude of visitors which
the Young People's Christian Endeavor con
vention would draw If this city were selected
as the meeting- point in 1907 will probably
have much to do .with giving the meeting to
Los Angeles. At a meeting at the Rainier
Club to-day Yon Ogden Vogt was told it would
be impossible for this city to handle and house
20.000 visitors.
NEVADA' MAN SHOT BY HIS
. BROTHER WHILE HUNTING
Antelope Valley Rancher In Victim o£
Accident that Slay Result
Fatally.
RENO, Oct. - 10.— While hunting In Ante
lope Valley to-day Roy Chlcheater, a rancher ;
of that volley,' yas accidentally shot lii the
stomach by his brother. Frank," and will not
recover. ' He was broueht ' to : this i city . this
morning and Is now at the St.' Georpe Hits
pltal. It Is not thought : by the ; physicians '
thkt he can recover.-: • •
GERMAN BARON
NOTED FORCER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 10.-Baron Martin yon
Schlosser, who claims to be a partner
in the wholesale wine firm of Hoelscher
& Co. of San Francisco, arrested here
ten days ago as a fugitive from justice,
was to-day identified as M. M. Spear,
alias M. Schloss of Wyandotte and De
troit, Mich., where he is wanted for for
geries aggregating $15,000. Lieutenant
Bert High of the Detroit detective de
partment and Sergeant George Larkin,
who came here for the man, both say
he is tha forger and the smoothest of his
kind that ever operated in the East. The
charge on which he is wanted "Is passing
a $5000 check signed "George Stanley"
with the Citizens' National Bank in 1902.
During the five years off and on that
Yon Schlosser has been selling goods in
Seattle he has been entertained in the
best German families and has represented
himself to be a German Baron of means.
He will light extradition and Governor
Mead will hear arguments next Monday.
William Hoelscher, president, of the
William Hoelscher Company, wholesale
wine house, states that the alleged- forger
was employed by him last month as a
salesman. He said last night:
He had no interest ln the company what
ever. He formerly worked with the Napa and
Sonoma Wine Company and carat to me highly
recommended.' He represented himself as Ba
ron Martin yon Schlosser and spoke of havlnjr
considerable money. While under arrest In 1
the north he telezraphed to mo to pay no at
tention to his arrest, that it was all a mis
take. He tried to get an advance of $250
from us, but. I suspected that something waa
wrong and dismissed him from our employ.
ASSASSIN -BREAKS
JAIL IN FINLAND
Murderer Holierithal, Under
Life Sentence, Saws His
Way to Freedom.
HELSINGFORS, Finland. Oct. 10.—
The Supreme Court, sitting at Abo, yes
terday rejected, the appeal of Hohen
- thai,. the murderer of Solsalon Scinlnen,
from the sentence of Imprisonment for
life, and by midnig-bt Hohenthal had ef
fected a dramatic escape from prison,
his escape being discovered at 6 o'clock
this morning. Hohenthal escaped by
putting the window bars of .his cell
and dropping from the second story. A
rope ladder was found, ; by. means of
which he had climbed a: twenty-foot
wall, dropping from that Into a well
lighted street. : No further trace of the
fugitive *has been found.
Yesterday- Hohenthal was visited by
a man who ; 'is "now supposed^ to; have
secreted in the cell the implements by
the aid of which Hohenthal' escaped. '
- — » \u2666 « — '\u25a0 \u25a0
, WOMAN AVIlb CAUSED : ARREST
OF DRUGGIST MAYXARD MISSING
Disappear* From Snnta; Rosa and a
Bench AVnrrant Is Issued by
the Court.'-- : ;. -
SAOT'A ROSA, Oct. 10.— Marvel Watson,
who awore to a complaint charging Harry H.
Maynard with an assault with ?-, a] » deadly
weapon, \u25a0he having shot', at her feet when she
did ; not dance when l\e ordered- her to do so
Is missing, and lt.ls believed that she has been
forced to leave by the threats -of those • who
desired to prevent the prosecution of the case
against -.' Maynard. - An , Investigation Is . being
conducted ; and ; every effort -- will ; be -made . to
locate the woman I and | get her | story.' 1 1 A bench
warrant has been Issued for '\u25a0 her arrest. "- \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0-. ?
SEYMOUR HEARS
FROM JOHNSON
Attorney for Emmons Grills
Lawyer Who Is Prosecut
ing the Disgraced Senator
THANKS FOE THE JUDGE
Counsel for Defense Scores
Everybody Who . Gave Evi
dence Against His Client
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 10.— Grove' X
Johnson was the central ngure in the
JSmmona trial to-day. He played upon
the jury with the skill "of an accom
plished musician who touches a chord
that enthralls. All day long he, painted
vivid word pictures for the_jurors to
look upon and punctuated his points
with a withering invective, that poured
indiscriminately upon the heads : of
those who had taken the initiative in
the prosecution of his client. District
Attorney Seymour came in, for his
share; .Charles T. Jones, who has as
sisted in the prosecution <of the case,
learned that the Haying he received at
the hands of Lawyer Irwin was hardly
a marker to what was in store for him;
Clarence Grange was subjected to an
analysis that did not sound well; the
alleged methods employed by Gavin
McNab In his "high souled" bribery
was held up in remarkable colors and
had all the changes in the book rung
upon it; Fremont Older had his chance
with the attorney; Jordan was held up
as something less than a man, but a
little more tnan Grange, and Hartling
and Tichenor, the detectives, were
shown up in colors that were anything
but flattering.
Mr. Johnson went to his work as
fresh, apparently, as If he had been
resting for the past month instead of
fighting for his client «.s only he knows
how to light. His points followed each
other with a precision and sequence
that made his story complete in every
detail.
- Mr. Johnson paid a high compliment
to Judge Hart tor his absolute fairness
in the trial of the case. In this he
voiced the sentiment of his client, Em
mons,- who, after the testimony was in,
personally thanked the Judge for his
fairness.
Attorney Johnson grilled Charles T.
Jones for the point in his argument
touching upon the domestic affairs, of
the defendant. Mr. Johnson said he had
known Jones for forty years and in
that time had worked beside him and
with him many times, but never, until
the present case, had. he known him to
stoop to pettyfogging like a police
court shyster.
Johnson volunteered to tell the jury
why Mr. Seymour had taken such ani
mated interest in the case, which, he
said, was not the People against Em
mons, but the Continental Building and
Loan Association against Emmons.
Seymour's interest was,, he said, be
cause he whispers in one ear "Folk of
Missouri," into .the other "Jerome of
New York, and Into both he cries "Gov
ernor of California."
ACCORDEON PLAYHR KILLS
MAX WHO DISLIKES MUSIC
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 10.— Pedro Alva
rado was stabbed ln the back of the neck and
instantly killed this morning by Jesus Morillo
near Declez. Alvarado was reading a book
and the accordeon playing of MOriUo disturbed
him. He asked that the music be stopped and
the latter refusing, seized a hatchet and made
for him. MorlUo avoided the onslaught and
struck his knife Into the reader's neck.
BEQUEATHS HIS BODY.
Continued from Page 1, Column 6.
borne apartment-house to the' medical
college. Never was such., a sight wit
nessed as that of a beautiful coffin with
heavy silver trimming^ . and covered
with pink roses and carnations being
carried into the college. It was taken
to the dissecting room on the top floor.
Mr. Catt's will gives his entire es
tate, valued at $350,000, to' his widow
without restriction during her life
time, and names her as sole executrix.
Mr. Catt provided, however, that at her
death one-half of the estate should be
disposed of according to her wishes and
the other half be given to the lowa
State College, from which Mr. Catt
was graduated.
GRAPE-XljT*:. \u25a0
- \u25a0\u25a0-- \u25a0 - — -.^-^.. \u25a0...\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0—- i.i ...y— \u25a0\u25a0»\u25a0 „\u25a0,„....— \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-..1 —\u25a0\u25a0 - , .1 ......
Perhaps you know why you fail in the plans for money, fame and position.
Just why the brain does , not produce practical money making - results is a puzzle to
many men.
Strong, heajthy natural brains cannot be made from the food most men eat, and good
brains can't work sharp when slugged to weakness by coffee.
Unsuccessful brains come from improperly selected food and from coffee drinking.
, Coffee affects the stomach and nerves, thence the brain. and prevents proper digestion of
even good food. .
'A distinct improvement in mental power will follow in a week or ten days after
The results are multiplied when the brain-building food, Grape^Nuts, is used twice
a day.
There are well established and very clearly understood reasons for these sure results from
the change in food and drink. You can make Money, Position, Fame if you have the kind of
N< Postum well boiled produces a delicious beverage, satisfying and nourishing. - x
Quit drugging and poor food and Come Up Where You Belong.
JOHN SABIN DIES
AT HOME IN CITY
THREE WOMEN
VOTED FAMOUS
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Three women and
five men were chosen to-day to receive
tablets in the Hall of Fame at New
York University. Maria Mitchell was the
only American scientist to be#elected at
this time, though Louis Agassiz, with 82
votes, secured admission as a foreign
born American.
A curious commentary on Maria Mit
chell's election Is the fact that eight of
the electors, chiefly scientists, refused
to vote for any woman, thus reducing
the number of votes necessary to elect a
woman to 47, while 51 were required for a
man.
Mary Lyon, founder of Mount Holyoke
College, and Emma Willard, the author
of "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep"
and, a famous educator, were the other
women honored.
Alexander Hamilton, with 87 votes, the
highest number received by any candidate
at thjs ' election, and John Paul Jones,
with.<s3. share with Agassiz the honors of
being the first " American immortals of
foreign birth.
Two American statesmen were chosen
— John Quincy Adams, whose tablet will
occupy a niche next to that of his fa
ther, John Adams, he having received
58 votes, and James Madison, who se
cured admission with 56 votes.
Patrick Henry, John C. Calhoun and
Andrew Jackson fell far short of securing
bronze tablets of record, and Samuel
Adams was again defeated. James Mon
roe's votes numbered only 23. Seward,
Sumner, Da Witt Clinton, Garfleld, John
Jay and Stanton were among the states
men who failed of election.
Misa Roosevelt Soon to Sail.
TOKIO. Oct. 10. — Miss Roosevelt passed
through here toi-day en route to Yokohama,"*
whence she will sail for America on Friday
next. She vtas accompanied by Master of
Ceremonies Nagasaki Selgo. *who was specially
detailed from the Imperial Household Depart
ment as traveling escort for herself and com
panions. ; . '•
1 PROMINENT BUSINESS MAN WHO
DIED LAST NIGHT AFTER A
LINGERING ILLNESS. j
Continued from Pace 1, Column 7.
May, 1903, he returned to San Francisco
as president of the Pacific States Tele
phone Corapapy.
In the electrical world Mr. Sabin was
regarded as one of the best-informed
men on appliances in this country, and
he combined with his knowledge of the
telephone business ability that made
the local company one of the moat suc
cessful in the United States. While
the beat part of his time was taken up
by his business Interests, Mr. Sabin
enjoyed social life to some degree, and
at one time publicly participated in the
political affairs of San Francisco, and
served a term as a member of the
Board of School Directors.
It was Mr. Sabin who conceived the
idea of giving San Francisco comfort
able telephone buildings, the designs
of which are among the most attractive
!n this city. He also suggested the de
signo for the new big structures that
the telephone company Is now erecting
and, at the time of his death he had
many other plans under consideration
for the improvement of the coast serv
ice.
Vnllejo Man Vses Razor.
VALLEJO. Oct. 10. — Late laat night a sailer
said a tough character named Edward Packard
followed him. He asked the protection of Her
bert Warren, a bartender ln a saloon. A3 they
walked down to the wharf Packard, who wa*
waiting in a dark alley, darted out and made
a slash with a razor at Warren's throat.. War
ren put up his risht hand, receiving a bad cut.
He knocked Packard down. The latter wad
later taken to Jail by two ofScers.
34
NEWS OF THE COUOTIES ABOUT THE BAT
FLAMES SWEEP
TRESTLE GLEN
Oakland and Peralta Heights
Saved From Fire by Stren
uous Fijrlit of Residents
HIGH WIND PREVAILS
University Professor Leads
Volunteers Who Turn Out
in Force Before Daybreak
OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — Clouds of suffo
cating smoke. accompanying: the
crackle of flames, aroused the residents
of E.if?t Oakland Heights early this
mornlntf and brought 'them out- in 1
force to tlje Trestle Glen country back
of them to fifrht a .sweeping fire that
circled ' across the hills for miles,
tinea ten ing- destruction to many dwell
ings should the flames "leap Indian
Gulch. Flre-fighiing- crews of volun
teors, alarmed lest their homes should
be burnt-d, went out at 4 o'clock in
tho morning: and lined up across the
gulch to check, if possible, the sweep
of the fire as it burned swiftly over
the dry brush and grassy hillsides of
the glen.
Heading the anxious but determined
householders was Professor 11. Kower
of the chemistry department of the
University of California. His home on
the heights was in the danger zone.
Tliroug-h his efforts and aided by many
of his neighbors the flames were pre- |
Vented from crossing the gulch. This
was the critical point*. -'and here cen
tered the battle against the encroach
ing line of crackling fire. For hours
the men with wet sacks, shovels and
improvised apparatus -/oucrtit against
the swiftly turning bruslft
By daybreak the gi *.iy. weary,
sruokt'-ohoked crowd had won Its vic
tory. The course of fire was stopped,
and the territory thickly populated on
the heights, down Fourth avenue to
Ptralta Heights, was safe. In the line
of danger were the many residences on
the hills bordering Fourth avenue, in
cluding the beautiful grounds and
home of Frank M. Smith, the borax
khig; the Smith cottages and the Home
Club's classic edifice.
The fire was independent of that
which scoured the Berkeley Hills yes
terday. It started above Trestle Glen,
burned over a great portion of the
gather Tract and swept several miles
across the hills down toward Indian
Gulch. A high wind from the north
forced the flames toward the residen
tial districts.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10. — Supervisor. J. R.
Talcott. whose house on High street
was threatened by tire yesterday, has
sent a check for ?50 to the Fruitva4e
Fire Department as a testimonial of ap
preciation of the efforts made by the
firemen to save property..
An extensive grass fire, that threat
ened residences at Moss and Oakland
avenues, was extinguished at 4:30
o'clock this afternoon by the depart
ment. An hour later the apparatus was
called to handle a fire that burned a
etable and quantity of hay and grain
at the home of Dr. A. L. Cunningham,
Montecito avenue, Piedmont.
FIHE UECOBD BROKEN.
OAKLAND, Oct. 1C — For the three days end
fd at 5 o'clock this alternoon the. Fire De
partment has responded to twenty alarms, a
record uneaualeJ In this city.
Yesterday there were nine calls for the ap
paratus. Luckily the fires were not serious, the
worst being th* burning of the Log Cabin bak
ery Sunday nipht and the Sheldon & Smith hay
warehouse fire last night. Chief Engineer N\
A. Ball blames the hot spell for much of the
trouble, saying the heat has 6O thoroughly
dried cut everything that a epapk readily starts
a fire under these conditions.
This day cpened with the burning of Joseph
Schibus" residence, 6H51 Occidental street, at
1 :3O o'clock this morning. The loss was $2000.
A Oefectiv- flue caused the burning this aft<
«>rnoon of a residence occupied by A. C. Krugtr
Et PiKty-sSxth and Maple streets, Emeryville.
Lots $1800. A chimney nre at J. W, Miller's
residence 914 Third street, and an electric mo
tor F.flre' at 11<J7 Alice street gave the de
jjtrtmeiit two runs this afternoon.
SABGEXT REMOVED TO CELL.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— The attempt at es
cape made by Ear!e A. Sargent last evening
from the Receiving Hospital, where he has
been nursed for adangerous wound in the hea<l,
resulted in his being transferred to the County
Jail to-day, where he has been put In a cell
as any ordinary iirinoner. Dr. L. L. Rlggln
says that his condition is very grave and it is
probable that an effort will be made to haVe
him brought up to-morrow morning and sent
immediately to either San Quentin or Folsom,
\vh» re th*re are hospitals where he can receive
proper attention.
This action was made necessary by reason
of the fact that ChKf of Police Hodgklns has
refused to detail any watch for him or take
any of the responsibility for him at the Re
ceiving Hospital, where there are no accom
modations tor keeplnjr prisoners.
ApyERTISEMJLyTS. , i
\u25a0
Take
Care
Of Your Heart.
It is the engine that forces
the blood to every part of the
body; this blood conveys the
nourishment that makes flesh,
bone and muscle; it also car-
ries off the worn-out particles.
If the heart flutters or palpi-
tates, it is weak, and is work-
ing .imperfectly, so that the
body does not get this nourish-
ment ; it also fails to throw off
the impurities, and they re-
main to poison the system.
If it is irregular, skips beats,
or is painful, the heart is prob-
ably "leaky" and the circulation
poor. These conditions, are
dangerous. You can make
your heart well, and keep it
so, with Dr. Miles' Heart Cure,
which is a heart medicine and
tonic that strengthens the
heart nerves and muscles.
"I have been a sufferer for years
from nervousness and weak heart, and
I have tried all the doctors in the
community. They all told me that I
had heart trouble, but they failed to
help me. My druggist prevailed upon
me to try Dr. Miles' Heart Cure, and
Restorative Nervine, saying that if
tha first bottle did not benefit me he
v.-ould return the money. Every doso
helped me from the time I began tak-
ing it, and after awhile my trouble
was pono entirely."
CL'RDETTE DeKAY. Cuba. X. T.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure is sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first bottle will benefit. . If it falls
he will refund your money.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
MISS KELLER IS STILL
UNDER DOCTOR'S CARE
ANNIE KELLER, WHO, WITH\HER MOTHER, WAS BURIED BENEATH THE
DEBRIS OF THEIR HOME, -WHICH ' WAS DEMOLISHED BY WIND ON
. MONDAY NIGHT, AND WHO MIRACULOUSLY ESCAPED SERIOUS IN
JURY.
PROPOSE A NEW
LICENSE LAW
Trustees of Berkeley Plan
tfr Number of Sa
loons and to Increase Tax
BERKELEY, Oct. 10.— The Board of
Town Trustees has ordered passed to print
an ordinance limiting the number of
saloons in Berkeley to ten, and raising
the license tax from $300 a year to $600.
The license committee presented the ordi
nance for approval last night, having re
recelved a draft of the measure from
Attorney H. H. Johnson. There was no
discussion of the ordinance, as the pass
ing of it to print is a preliminary step
which Is not considered to commit the
Trustees to Its final adoption.
President Rlckard recommended several
months ago that the number of saloons
be reduced and the tax be raised,' and
also favored selling the licenses at auc
tion to the highest bidder. The auction
feature was not Included In 'the ordi
nance which the license committee pre
sented for approval last night. '«
There are now 23 saloons In Berkeley,
of which 20 are in West Berkeley. All
are outside the "mile limit." The tem
perance people of Berkeley have favored
their entire abolition, and a petition to
the Trustees In now on file, asking that
a special election be called to decide the
question of prohibiting the drinking
places. Whether the temperance advo
cates will permit their agitation for pro
hibition to cease, now that a high license
law has been proposed, remains to be de
termined. The new ordinance, which is
regarded as a compromise measure, con
tains a provision which is expected to
please those favoring strict regulation of
saloons, In that licenses are to be re
fused to places that have card room, bil
liard hall or dancing room attached, or
that do business in drugs or groceries.
FORGIVES RUNAWAY COUPLE.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10. — The storm that threat
ened to wreck live happiness of young Bert
Fredericks and his younger bride, who was
Miss Jennie Bailey of Modesto, has blown
over. The eloping couple, who were married
at Merced Saturday under evasion of the law,
the bride being only 16 years old, have been
forgiven. Mrs. Fredericks' angrjr papa who
caused their arrest last night in this city has
forgiven the runaways. Though father Bailey
had determined to prosecute his unwelcome
son-in-law on a charge of perjury for swear
ing his bride was of legal age. he has relented.
Mr. and Mrs. Fredericks will return to their
San Joaquln Valley home. I-ast Friday Fred
ericks -Kent to Modesto from his home at
Ripon and, under liretext of escorting- Miss
Bailey to a dance, took her to Merced, where
the Uev. George B. Grefeg united them In
marriage.
HOLD HOYS IX JAIL.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— The police have de
cided to hold !n custody Lambert Echenberg,
George Tlbberts and Fred Newell, together
with Arthur Uassett, who was arrested to-day,
until the result or injuries to Lem Tom. a
Chinese cook employed by Dr, Frank L.
Adams, shall have been d-nermlned. Inves
tigation by the detectives leads them to . sus
pect strongly \u25a0 that the* Chinaman was inten
tionally run down by the young bicyclists. The
injured cook is In a critical condition and is
not expected to survive. He was struck by
Newell Sunday afternoon when waiting to take
a Telegraph-avenue car. The Chinaman's skull
was fractured. Bassett was arrested, as it was
learned h« was ' with the other boys at the
Urn. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1905.
WHEELER GIVES
CORDIAL PRAISE
University President For
! mally Commends Students
for Fighting Big Fire
BERKELEY, Oct. 10.— The university
students who yesterday gave up the
day to fighting (ire on the hills and
in the canyons back of tne campus to
day received congratulations and words
of praise from many quarters for their'
work.
President Wheeler issued through
his secretary the following: expression
of approval, addressed to the student
body: \u25a0 \u25a0
The president wishes to express to the
students cf the university his appreciation of
their intelligent, vigorous and Intrepid work
in defeating the peril which yesterday threat
ened the buildings of the university and the
homes of its neighbors. • . . .
There was an abundance of evidence
on.- the persons of students that' yes-]
terday had been a strenuous day for
them. Scores wore court plaster on'
their faces and hands, covering wounds
and burns received. Not a few appeared
with elnged eye brows and hair, and
almost all were. obliged to dress in dif
ferent garb than that with which they
went to the flre on the hills, r..--' -;
The hills back pf the. university are
now bare and black, hundreds of acres
having been completely denuded' of
every bit of plant life. The path of
the flames is easily discerned to-day,
now that the smoke has all cleared
away, and it is seen? how -very close
to the campus buildings and the Clare
mont residences the lire came, and how
great the peril to the town really was.
Fire Chief Kenney was called out
twice to-day by inmates of Judge Gar
ber's house, In Claremont, who feared
the lingering patches of flre in the vi
cinity. The first call came at 4 o'clock
this morning. The chief assured tha
Garber household that no danger' need
be apprehended, but despite his assur
ances he was called out again during
the forenoon. - .
There was no attempt made at either
time to stamp out. the flre in the hills
back of Judge Garber's place, ; as it
could ;be seen that- nothing in the way
of. material for the flre' in the vicinity
of the house, remained to make.it pos
sible for the buildings to' be imperiled.
Charles Butters, whose < handsome
home in Claremont was closer to the
path of the. flames, stayed up (most pf
the night, with* some of his neighbors,
prepared to have their men beat. back
the flre 'if '• it .should endanger resi
dences, but j the .flames • swept on and
nothing of % value on the . grounds of
any of the Claremont .residences was
injured. . : \- ','\u25a0':\u25a0
Lineman 'Is Electrocuted.
BAKERSFIELD, , Oct. 10.— E. H. Adams,
aged 24, a lineman In the,employ_of the Edison
Power Company,' , was inßtantly •' killed -at the
power-house late >, last \u25a0 night by . accidentally
taking hold of a live wire carrying 10,000 volts.
New.' Instructor ; at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 10.— W. N.
Hohfeld,. a graduate of the" University of Cali
fornia and the Harvard Law School, has \u25a0 be«n
appointed to an , i ns t rue torshi p In : the \u25a0 law tf*
partment of Stanford University. . ; : .
Girl Buried Uncler
Ruins of House
Suffers. .\u25a0
Her; Condition 'Not
at All Serious.
However^
Tells of Blowing
Down of New
, ...Home.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Miss Annie Keller,
the young woman who with her mother
was buried beneath the ruins of their
house at Upper Fruitvale yesterday
when a fierce blast approaching a hurri
cane in its violence demolished the cotr
tage, has partly, recovered from the shock
of her nerve-racking" experience. She
wears bandages around her head where
she recelvd some "cuts and bruises and Is
still under the care of Dr. Crosby.
At the time the hquse was blown to
fragments Miss Keller was standing be
side a chiffonier ; at the entrance to , the
six-foot basement. The boards of the
main floor fell upon the chiffonier, in a
measure shielding the girl from severe if
not fatal Injuries. In telling her experi
ences Miss Keller to-day said: ,
"I felt the house shiver and sway; a
feeling akin to sea-sickness seemed to
take possession of me and then all was
blank until I recovered consciousness in'
the house of a neighbor after Dr. Crosby
had been called to resuscitate me. It was
an experience I do not care to go through
again."
Mrs. Keller had quite recovered j to-day
from the shock of yesterday. She was
protected in the basement when the floor
timbers fell crosswise above her, /and
succeeded in crawling out upon her hands
and knees unharmed. She is not dis
posed to discuss the incident.
When Mr. Keller arrived at the station
last night and was informed by a friend
of the fact that his wife and daughter
had narrowly . escaped death, he . col
ladsed. To-day he has a temporary tent
on the lot in which he and his two young
sons are living. He will erect a shed in
which to house his family until Con
tractor Neilson can rebuild the cottage.
Temporarily Mrs. and Miss Keller are
guests of sympathizing neighbors. The
Keller family formerly * resided in Ber
keley. ;, , ; ::;• •: \... : \' "\u25a0:\u25a0'. \u25a0 :.';';<'\u25a0 .
NEWS OF ALAMtOA COUNTY,
SUIT NEARS END.— Oakland, Oct. 10. — The
taking of evidence in the $2Q,000 damage milt
brought by Claude Asselena against the Peo
ple's Express Company was finished to-day and
the j arguments -will be» begun -in the morning.
TH AVER'S SALOON- SOLD. — Oakland, Oct.
10.— By -a decree of. court to-day the saloon
of the late Edward F. Thayer was sold to
William Kuhnle for $4100. The place Is one
of the best-known' resorts of its kind In tho
city. ' \u25a0
CONVICTED OF CRUELTY.— Oakland, Oct.
10. — Mark Rose, a chicken dealer, was con
victed to-day In the Police Court of cruelty
to animals for having allowed a crate of
chickens to stand all day' without water and
without protection from the sun. :
PHYSICIAN ARRESTED.— OakIand, Oct.
10. — Dr. Caston Dobson. . a physician, . was ar
rested to-day on complaint of E. R. Lloyd.
The men quarreled over ownership of property
in a Telegraph avenue ' stable. Lloyd charges
Dobson laid open his scalp with a blow from
a whlpstock. . . < -.
MAN REPORTED MlSSlNG.— Oakland, Oct.
10.— James Leonard, residing at 1300 Sixteenth
street, San Francisco, has been reported to
the Oakland police as missing by Mrs. J.
Connelly of 1112 Third street, this city.
Leonard left home Sunday to come to Oak
land. He has not been seen since. \u25a0
BIG MORTGAGE FILED. — Oakland, Oct.
10. — A mortgage of $100,000 was. filed for
record to-day by the Realty Syndicate to the
Oakland Bank of Savings on 154 acres of land
known as the Sather Tract, situated on what
13 known as Indian Creek, at the head of
Lake Merritt.
SAYS HUSBAND IS GAY.— Oakland, Oct.
10.— Charlotte H. Slmpßon has begun divorce
proceedings, against Gilbert E. Simpson, who,
she alleges, Is fond of the night life and has
been frequenting a resort known as "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" at the entrance* of Golden Gate
Park In San Francisco with women other
than his wife. \u25a0 x .
DOG-POISONERS ' ACTIVE. — Oakland, Oct.
10. "West Oakland residents are complaining
of the presence of a dog-poisoner whose re
cent operations have depleted the list of
valuable canines. The latest to complain Is
Naval Officer John P. Irish, whose large and
valuable St. Bernard watchdog fell a victim
to the poisoner last night. , . ...
RETURNS FROM EUROPE.— Oakland, Oct.
10.— After nearly a year spent In Europe In
search of rest and health Sol Kahn, a mem
ber of the local firm of Kahn Bros., has re
turned to America. He: ha 3 reached , New
York and expects to be In Oakland within
a month. Mr. Kahn's expected landing la
New York was made known to his brothers
here by means of a Marconlgram and an
overland message.
RABBIS WERE FAlNT.— Oakland, Oct.
10. While concductlng services of Yom Klppur
In local synagogues yesterday Rabbi Fried
lander and Rabbi Leon Levy were overcome
with emotion and fatigue and each was com
pelled to abandon hla duties." \u25a0 Rabbi . Fried
lander regained Ms composure- after an hour's I
absence from the reading desk, but Rabbi
Levy at Beth Jacob Synagogue did not return,
Rabbi Goldberg supplying his place.
MARRIAGE : LICENSES.— OakIand, Oct.
10. — The following marriage licenses were Is
sued by the County Clerk to-day: Lelnus T.
Peterson, 24, and Bessie : Alles, IT, both . of
Oakland; 1 Myrtla Green, 22, and Walter B.
Klrtley, 22, both of Oakland; William L.
Kerr, 31, Pueblo, Colo., and Lena L. Lehnen,
SO, San Francisco; La Verne Osborn, 25, Sac
ramento, and Rosalyee Sorensen, \u25a0 23, San
Francl&co; William T. Burney, 22, Kansa3
City, and Belle T. Robins. 20,* Oakland. :
MIND READERS ARRESTED.— OakIand,
Oct. 10. — P. -W. Mallory and "Mile. Orietta,"
supposed to be hid wife, were arrested to-night
at Vacaville on a charge of grand larceny,
the. complainant being Mrs. A. C. Lindsay. of
1103% Broadway.' Mallory and the woman
gave mind" reading exhibitions ' In Oakland
several months ago when t Mrs. ' Lindsay met
them. She had a < previous- acquaintance with
"Mile. Orietta." As a result of her renewed
relations Mrs. Lindsay says the pair purloined
some valuable electrical Instruments from her
and departed. \u25a0 They were located In. Vaca
vlllev but did not get a line 'on the Constable's
thinking apparatus In time. to avoid arrest -..
FINISHES TAX ROLLS.— Oakland, Oct. 10.
1 County Auditor. Bacon finished the figuring of
1 taxes on the new assessment roll to-day, show
' Ing that upon , the total valuation of property
I in this county of $114,386,981 - there will be
: raised in taxes- the sum of $1,147,307 44. Of
this amount- $560,496 21 . will: go ; to the State.
The / special ' taxes^ for the various school dis
tricts are as follows: > Bray $3410 29; Castro
Valley, $617 38; Elmhurst, 1 &X 34 4.7- Fruitvale,
$1267 87; Laurel $4139 72; ,Lockwood/ $2210 20;
Melrose $1722 01; Oakland, $56,675 37; Rus
sell, $320 69: San Lbrenro, $1537 46: Berkeley,
$13,013 90; Fruitvale special. $11,664 47; Mel
rose special, $4020 12; . Union High No. 1,
?r.539 88- Union High No. 2. $5099 71; Union
High No! 3, $6249,82; Union High' No. .4,
$14,(1U5 OS. :, :: v \u25a0' ' .
BENEFIT MI'SICALE.
"BERKELEY, \ Oct. 10 —A muslcale which
was highly successful; was given . this j evening
af "the residence of Mrs. W. \u25a0M. _ Rogers,*- 2421-
Oregon - street, 'for the" benefit of ' the South
Berkeley ' Presbyterian Church:, improvement
fund."- Rev. R. S. Eastman, ; pastor of. 'the
church, and ' Mrs. Eastman > assisted at : the
reception. More than one hundred guests were
present ;\u25a0';---;• .~V .\u25a0-- . ?' . :
WILL PROTECT
WATER SUPPLY
Palo : Altaris^Fear Spring
Valley Ariesian Wells Are
Injurying Municipal Plant
COMMITTEE
Experts Advice ' Will? Be
Sought^ aiidiSteps tTaken
to~ Stop Further Digging
Special Dispatch to The Call
PALO ALTO, Oct. ;io.4Fearing that the
16 wells being, bored near.Cooley's,'Land
ing by the Spring Valley. Water Compauy
will Injure Palo Alto's water supply; th£
Board of , Trade here will investigate the
conditions arid prevent'' further work' if
necessary. The Spring Valley Water
Company ;. has been . engaged in sinking
wells for some ; time, and' now, about -sev T
enty are; completed.'/.- The Board of Trade
was informed t thaf the company . Intends
to keep on 'until 160 .are sunk.
Already -the , effect ,of .this enormous
amount of water being taken from the
earth has "been felt here. The dimunitiori
of the supply, at the local j water works
has caused alarm. , ; . , \u25a0
At the meeting of the Board of Trade
last night a committee, consisting of B.
F. Hall and j Attorney Charles, was ap
pointed to ..confer with Dr.. Bronner of
Stanford University and examine the
geological formation 'of *. the land near
here. If it is. found' that, the' stoppage of
the flow from the' town's artesian wells
is caused by the Spring .Valley wells, the.
committee will report in favor df prose
cuting the Spring Valley Water .Com
pany. . ' - ..,- '\u25a0 \ . "'
SURPRISES HER
GUESTS WITH
WEDDING BELL
ZOE GREEK RADCLIFFE.
* OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — In this" strenuous
twentieth century, when seemingly impossible
things have become possible and we are no
longer surprised at anything, it Is. difficult to
ring in any changes on that "old, old story
that is ever new." A man and a maid marry,
there Is the usual complement of attendants
and the "how" and "where" we know by
heart. But to Invite fifty guests to a wedding
and keep them in ignorance of the fact that
It Is a wedding Is rather unusual. It remained
for Miss Belle Robins to devise this unique
marriage feast.
Cards were sent to half a hundred of the
family's Intimate friends, requesting their
presence at a reception in honor of Miss
Robins-f iance, "William Travis Burney. a
young attorney of Kansas City. When they
were ushered Into charmingly decorated apart
ments, with a bridal bower and wedding bells
In one room, the secret almost revealed Itself,
but It was a very mischievous looking little
bride that • read the general surprise, when.
Boon. after ,th.c. arrival of the guests, she be
came Mrs. Burney.
Neither ; veil . nor conventional bouquet were
part of- the bride's costtime. The gown -was
a beautiful white samite over white silk of
very. modish make, while »a- cluster of lllies-of
• the-valley reposed -in her- hair, .and pinned to
the'; corsage was the groom's gift, a double
bar' set with diamonds. '
Miss Dollle McKown of . Livermore and Miss
Mabel Heald attended the bride, while the
groom was accompanied by. two fraternity
brothers. Jack Kggers and Karl Mulllcan. The
two bridesmaids were gowned alike In dainty
frocks of pink Jusl cloth over silk of the, same
shade, and the ' coiffures were adorned with
ribbon ornaments. .
The bower where I>r. C. R. Brown of the
Congregational Church made the happy couple
one was. of . shaggy white chrysanthemums and
three "white ' bells depended from the arch.
Autumn effects were maintained In all the
decorations, the dining-room being especially
artistic with festoons of autumn leaves and
clusters of grapes.
The bride Is a daughter of Judge and Mrs.
George Robins of Telegraph avenue, and an
interesting anniversary added to the pleasant
feeling of romance that prevailed. It was on
October 10, 1856, that Judge Robins arrived
In California. For over fifteen years he oc
cupied the bench In San Francisco.
The \u25a0\u25a0 groom, though a resident -of Kansas
City, is a University of California graduate and
a member of the Phi Kappa Psl.
Mr and Mrs. Burney will enjoy a visit to
Southern California before • going to their
future home In, Kansas City.
When It was announced that Mrs. Frederick
Stratton would have charge of the musical
enS- of to-day's programme at Ebell, that for
tunate club' prepared to go and enjoy. But
the reality exceeded even their rosiest expecta
tions. Nearly everybody had heard Fred
Maurer, that prince of accompanists, at some
time or other and were eager and delighted
to hear him again, but an unexpected treat
was In store in Miss Louvla Rogers. Not yet
sixteen, her voice Is rarely sweet and rich
and gives evidence of careful and Intelligent
training. Several delightful selections were
rendered by the young singer with exquisite
taste and the echo song which she grave as
an encore was repeated at the end of the
programme by reauest.' . -
Mr. Maurer played Rubensteln's "Barcarolle
in .F" and the prelude to "Parsifal" In the
muslclanly fashion he has taught us to expect.
It was Mr. Maurer who accompanied the • Heer
manns In Ban Francisco and helped to make
their concert one of the most delightful
mußlcal events of the year.. •
It was a little startling to see the quaint
bonnet and badge of a Salvation Army lassie
amid the gay bravery of Ryan hats and other
stunning millinery and It stood for an Innova
tion Ir. Ebell affairs, for Major Wagner had
been asked to tell of the Children's Home re
cently established by. the Salvation* Army at
Lytton Springs. The old sanitarium at the
springs has been purchased ana fitted up for
an orphanage by the army, and between eighty
and ninety destitute children have already been
°Mrs B* A. Grandlund of the Landmarks
League, was another speaker, ."The Old Mis
sions, Their Restoration and Preservation,"
• e »Jrs Frederick Page Cutting in a Frenehy
cray and pink crepe gown was presiding and
was assisted by Mrs. Charles E. Cornell, Mrs.
'Hugh M. Cameron, Mrs. D. T. Curtis, Mrs. J.
S. Burpee, Miss Julia Crane. Mrs. F. L. But
ton • Mrs. G. G. Cumming, Mrs. Frank N.
Dalton, Mrs. F. G. Conklln. Mrs. H. C. Cap
well Mrs. W. H. Chlckerinir. Mrs. E.-J. Cot-
I ton Airs. J. T. Carothers, Mrs. A. W. Burrell,
Mrs Thomas Crellln, Mrs. H. P. Carlton. Mrs.
8 -W Burtchaell, Mrs. J. L. Crlttenden, Mrs.
W. H. Church. Mrs. T. C. Coogan and Mrs. i
A Cm C 'the t 2Sth' r W. C. Morrow, the well-known
writer; will lecture at EbeH for the original
writers* section. # # 7, . ,
Mr and Mrs. W. H. Wellbye and Mr. and
Mrs ' Thomas Russell of Haywards left for
Portland this evening, j .
WILL CONTEST WILL.
OAKLAND, Ocf. 10— Within a. few days a
contest wlll.be filed over the will of Manuel
F Vencelau, who was shot and killed by. his
wife on SeDtember . 9. Attorney Lin Church
made the ! announcement In the Probate Court
this morning. He objected to the appointment
of Manu-el Pereira as executor of the will and
stated the sons were not satisfied with- the will
! made by their father on hts deathbed which
I gave a larse part of his estate to a poor sister
living: in theAzore Islands. '.'-. -
It -was held. 'however, that the appointment
or Pereira would hot Interfere with- the bring
ing of a contest' lf it was finally concluded to
do so and he was appointed the executor of
the will The" estate is: valued at ? about $5000,
of -which $1400 is insurance money and this Is
divided equally -between the two sons.' The
home at 655 Jefferson street, however, was left
to the sister and Is what the sons would gain
could they \u25a0" succeed ;• In \u25a0 setting the will- aside.
To the wife- who shot him he left nothing-. \u25a0
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The , battleship
Connecticut is again the leader in the construc
tion- ' race l between 'the Newport" News Ship
building and Drydock Company, building, the
Louisiana, and • the Government " force *at -' th«
flew York Navy Yard, , building the Connecti
cut," according to the ' construction statement
for September/ "- - ' - :;_ . ; '\u0084
WILL BOND CITY
OF PALO ALTO
Plan' on Foot to Eaise
$90,000 to Defray Cost of
Improvements to Suburb
SCHEME FINDS FAVOR
Trade 3sqard and Cpuncilnien
Are Working Together
to Beautify Thriving Town
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO AX.TO. Oct. 10.— Acting on the
report and "suggestion of Engineer A. M.
Hunt, who "has be«n investigating local
"conditions, the Board of Trade last night
decided upon an Issue of J90.000 bonds
i subject ' to the approval of • the Town
j, TYustees and the vote t>f the people.
; The Town Trustees and Board of Trade
'are' acting together in this matter, it Is
; said, the. matter is practically up to the
•vote, of the people. A committee was ap
pointed last -night to notify the Trus
tees of Hunt's Yeport and suggesting: an
election- In January to decide upon the
. bonds j >
It is estimated that a change in the
water plant with new engines will colt
$50,000; storm sewers and drainage $10,
000; water and light extension, $10,000, and
for the establishment of a public park,
$15,000. Then $3,000 will be used for gen
eral Improvements.
The proposition met with the general
favor of the business men and, it is
said, will surely be carried through.
ANCIENT THEFT IS
AT LAST KEVEALED
Postofflce Itobbery Half Cen
tury Old Recalled by
Bundle of Letters.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10. — What is believed
to be the clew to a postoffice burglary
which occurred fifty-two years ago in
Alameda County was discovered to-day
when workmen were engaged In de
molishing an old building at East
Twelfth street and Twelfth avenue,
East Oakland. In 1853 the building in
question _wais occupied by the Clinton
postoffice and an express office. In De
cember of that year burglars robbed
both offices', taking several thousands
of dollars in gold- slugs.
Uncle Sam's mail sack was rifled and
Its contents disappeared. The thief was
never appreheded nor was the mail re
covered. To-day a moldy bundle of
letters and papers was found, when a
wall of the old building was torn down.
There was a draft for $100, addressed
to Francis Stead, from the New Orleans
banking house of Horace Bean & Co.
It is dated September 30, 1853, and was
never paid. The draft was drawn on
Jacob Little & C 0.,, NejviYoxk. ;
Other letters, whiclfc'are only in part
decipherable, were in the bundle. One
was addressed- to Ezra Fenten, or Fen
ter; another to Marshal Minot.'a third
was signed by- Hulse Pefcrez of New
Orleans and made inquiries about Cali
fornia gold fields. A crowd of excited
persons has been all afternoon search
ing for the stolen $50 slugs'.
PERSONAL.
Banker J. G. Roberts of Madera is at
the Palace.
George H. Bixby, a Los Angeles cap
italist, is at the Palace.
State Senator M. L. Ward of San Diego
is registered at tha Palace.
iW. fW« King, general passenger agent of
the Great Northern -line of steamers,
is" reeistered at the St. Francis.
B. "W. Greer, general freight agent of
the Canadian Pacific Railroad Company,
and wife arrived from Victoria yester
day and are at the St. Francis-
Harry Buck, local passenger agent of
the Pennsylvania line, returned yester
day from an extended visit in the East,
during which time he traveled over the
entire Pennsylvania system.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Oc
cidental was Dallas Bach Wainwrlsht of
the United States Coast Geodetic Sur
vey, who is on his way to the Philippines
on business connected with his depart
ment. He is accompanied by his wife.
Cnllfornlnna In Xew York.
KEW YORK. Oct. 10. — The following Call
fornlans have arrive&Sn New York: • . .
From San IVanclscc— -A. M. Harrison, at
the Martha Washington;,!. Mrs. F. C. Sel
fridge, at the Park Avenu*: F. W. Healey, at
the Marlborough; W. S. Liddleton, at the Im
perial; Miss M. Rels, Mrs. W. B. Rels. Mrs.
J. C. Rels, at the Albemarle; R. H. Swayne,
at the Hotel Imperial: Miss V. Hess, at the
Navarre; A. Pearson, at the Cosmopolitan: !\u25a0.
Ransohoff, at the Hotel Breslin: T. Reming
ton, at the Hotel Navarre; C. P. Weeks, at
the Holland House.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. Henderson, Miss E.
Smith, Mrs. H. S. -Steckel, at the Herald
Square; I*. D. Compton, at the Albert: Mrs.-
F. C. Latlmer. Miss M. L.. Latlmer, at the
Victoria; J. H. Reynolds, at the .Murray Hill;
E. P. Bonnestell. at the Murray Hill; Mrs..
E. H. Barr, E. H. Barr. A. C. Barr, at the
Hotel ImDerlal: J. G. Gilore. Miss L.. Koch.
S. Montgomery, at the Park Avenue.
FORMER BERKELEY INSTRUCTOR
; ATTEJIPTS.TO' EXD HIS LIFE
Prof es«or P. C. Laogemo of Oreson
University Cats His Throat at" •
- \u25a0 Portland. \u25a0-
PO"RTI*AND, Oct. 10.— With a razor P. C
Langemo.' instructor in the department of eco
nomics at the University of Oregon, yesterday
attempted to end his life. Professor Langemo
made his home with an acquaintance. S. P.
Ness, an attorney. Singular noises in his room
brought members of the family, . who found
the professor nearly dead from losa of blood
It Is expected he will recover. Professor Lan
gemo came to . the University of Oregon this
rail from the University or California, where he
was an Instructor.
ll B^ U I SU§ S^ And many other painful and seriou3
lr§ II II Sfii PI §3 ailments from which most mothers
Ivl^^liw^ suffer, can be avoided by the use of
MW Ja Amm "j^tof* FriBDt " T^is great remedy
si iHi fl * S a sen^ t0 women, carrying
v* ™ m^^ ordeal with saf ety and no pain.
No woman who uses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering \u25a0
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its,hbrror
and insures safety to life df mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and >~. mm' -ml m_ _ . « m naa bb^b jss*.' '
woman, and will be sent free in plain gp^^ || §p |&f| B^|
envelope by addressing application to & ||J| jj| la |§|f| fj M
Bradfictd Regulator Co. Atlanta.Ga. Ir lH 1!\u25a0 I \u25a0 bB
TRIAL DELAYED
BY WRANGLING
Efforts to Keep Out Testi
mony in Yqnng Case Makes
Inquiry a Tedious Affair
EXJPEBT ON THE STAND
Captain Bartlett Allowed
to Give Evidence Despite
Objections by Officers
{ . • -
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
VALLEJO, Oct. 10. — The second day
of the court-martial of Commander
Lucien Young at the ilare Island navy
i yard was productive of a great deal of
wrangling. The principal trouble of
the day was due to an effort to keep
out the testimony of Commander F. W.
Bartlett, who was introduced as an ex
pert witness by the prosecution.
Captain J. C. Bull or the United State*
steamship Solace, who is a member
of the court, was the first to object to
Bartlett's testimony, asking if Bart
lett had not expressed an opinion on
the verdict which tha board should
render in Young's case. Bartlett de
nied the allegation, and then Com
mander J. E. Roller, retired, asked it
Bartlett had not discussed the case with
many persons, soma of whom have
been witnesses in tha case. , '.:••• g
Bartlett warmed up under these ac
cusations and entered 'on a long and
hotly delivered explanation of his con
duct. He said that ha had discussed
the case with a number of naval of
ficers, but only to be able to form a
more correct opinion. He admitted that
he did state that he trusted that
< Young would be proved innocent. Just
as he would express a wish to sea any
fellow officer cleared of a charge If
he were innocent.
Bartlett then proceeded to give hi*
testimony, but Rear Admiral Glass.
• after a conference with the members of
, the board, asked Bartlett if ha bad not
talked with three witnesses directly
about the matter under consideration.
Bartlett denied trying to* influence of
ficers and witnesses with whom he had
conversed on the subject, and after a^
long deliberation he was allowed ts>
testify. * \u25a0'\u25a0
His evidence was largely of a tech
nical nature and of no particular in
terest to the public, with the exception
of his opinion on the condition of the
valve on boiler B, which, he stated.
was rusty.
Lieutenant Victor Blue was recalled
for a few minutes this morning and
stated that he had no direct knowledge
of the discipline In the boiler-room
while he was executive officer of the
Bennlngton. Generally speaking, he
said, the discipline of the ship was ex
cellent.
Xaval Constructor Holden A. Evans,
who is one of Young's counsel, was put
on the stand this morning and identi
fied many of the parts of tne ship's
boilers which he had taken from, tha
Bennlngton and tested. Evans .was
about to ' express an opinion -on "the"
cause of the explosion and the'condi
tion of the boilers and valves, when an
objection by Judge Advocate West,
which was sustained by the board,
stopped him. Evans told of the test
ing of the rivets and the plates of tha
boilers, evidently intending to prove
by his testimony that the material used
in the construction of the boilers is de
fective. He also told of having tested
the safety valve of boiler "C" and
found that it raised at 140 pounds
water pressure.
Emil Frederlcksen. water tender,
was called. He l<s the only survivor of
the engine room crew. He told of the
scaling of boiler "B" at San Franclscq^
previous to the ship's vi3lt to Honolu
lu. The job was a "hurry-up" one, he
«3ald. When asked If it was a good one
Frederlcksen said "It would pass."
i He said the boiler had been refilled
under his supervision on the morning:
of July 21 and that it had not been
pumped out or examined after being;
emptied on the Bennington's arrival
at San Diego.
The day after the explosion Freder
icksen said he visited, the engine room
with Ensign Wade and examined the
stopcock of boiler "B" and found It
closed. His evidence was not consid
ered satisfactory.
J. G. Du3tln, bollermaker of the Ben
nington. testified that he had been at
tached to the ship for thirteen months
previous to the catastrophe, but that
he had seldom been on duty In the
fire room at the time Inspections had
been made. Occasionally, he said.
Young vteited that section of the Ben
nlngton.
Commander Bartlett was the last
witness called to the stand, and he was
still in the chair when the court ad
journed for the day. .»:•.*>,."\u25a0
Purchases Terminal Lands.
TACOMA. Oct. Ip. — The Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul Railway Company yesterday pur
chased more than one hundred acres of tide
land located on the water front, for which It
paid In excess of $750, 0C0. making almost a
million' dollars' worth, of property now,' owned
In > Tacoma by the Milwaukee. Th» property
adjoins, the holdings secured- secretly at -a
cost of SIOO.OCO more than a year as a. . . i-,
Colored Women In Session.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 10. — The Grand Chapter
of the Colored Order of the Eastern Star for
the Jurisdiction embracing California;' Arizona,
Oregon. Washington and Montana met la an
nual-session in Sacramento to-day. There ta a
large attendance of delegates. Mrs. M. F.
Johnston of Redding, the grand royal matron.
Is presiding.
Bis Fire. Under Control.
SAKTA BARBARA, Oct. 10.— The big timber
nre has crossed the high ridge back of this
city, . but Is now under control.MUTUAL LIFE COIN FOR CAMPAIGN
LARGE GIFTS MADE TO REPUBLICANS
Facts Admitted by
Officers of the
Company. y
McCurdy Gives His
Ideas as to in
surance
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— The sessions of
the insurance investigating committee
were terminated lor the week at the ad
journment to-day, because of the death
of S. Fred Niron. speaker of the As
sembly of the Legislature of New York,
at his home in Westneld.
The feature of to-days hearing was
the presence as witness of the executive
t- officers of the Mutual Life Insurance
Company. These were President Richard
A McCurdy and Vice Presidents Grannis
and Dr. Gillette. It v.as announced defin
itely by Dr. Gillette that the Mutual Life
Insurance Company contributed $43,000
to the Republican national committee last
fall, that in 1900 $35,000 was contributed
and in ISS6 SIo.OOO was given for cam
paign purposes. Dr. Gillette testified that
be paid these amounts personally In cash,
and later in the day McCurdy said that
while he knew camnaign contributions
had been made, he did not know the
amounts. He said that no contributions
had ben made to campaign committees
before 1536 and that no contribution to
State or municipal campaigns had ever
been made by the company in this or any
other Stale.
Vice President Grannis knew little
about the contributions to campaign
funds, but justified them on the same
ground as President John A. McCall of
the New York Life, that the free silver
plank in the Democratic platform was a
menace to the interests of the policy
holders.
President McCurdy was on the stand all
cf the afternoon session. Toward the
close of the session McCurdy made the
startling statement that an insurance
company was nor an institution founded
to make money for the policy holders,
tut was, or should be. a great philan
thropic enterprise founded to increase and
tpread Its benefits over the entire uarth.
"There has been a jfreat mistake
made," he said, "about the real
j rovince of life insurance companies in
#'-ese latter years. People have been
.Y-d to believe that the main purpose was
to make money for the policy holders.
In my view, that is not the purpose of
such conipaiilef. ; They are eleemosynary.
When a man insures to s. company he
should take into consideration the fact
that he has entered a great philanthropic
concern that is in duty bound to spread
Itself, even though this growth prevents
him from realizing as much as expected."
OLVPUAXT OX THE STAND.
The first witness was Robert Olyphant,
chairman of the expenditure committee
of the Mutual Life Insurance Company.
From him it was expected to learn what
became of J7s,<X>o charged to legal expen
ditures. This sum was spent in three in
stallments of J25.000 each, the last in
stallment being paid the day after the
Presidential election last year.
Olyphant said there is no limit to the
money ."he committee on expenditures
may authorize to be paid out. The Mu
tual Life. Insurance Company maintains
a confidential fund for legal expenditures.
The details of payments for this fund
were not brought before the Board of
Trustees, but merely the total amounts.
Hughes, of the investigating boar"d,
then read the by-laws governing the ex
penditure of the committee and calling
for reports of expenditures to this com
mittee. Witness said no reports were
made.
The legal expenses of the company for
1904 were reported at 53C4.000, while those
of the New York Life Insurance com
pany were $174,000 and those of the Eqult
ftMe" $204,000.
"!% Witness said that A. C. Fields, super
intendent of the supply department, re
ceives a salary of $10,000 a year, but had
not looked after this department for sev
eral years owing to ill health. His duties
ere transacted by a Mr. Norris, whose
ealary he did not know.
It was brought, out that more than $72,
000 had been spent last year in furnishing
meals to employes.
McCI'RDY OX THE RACK.
Richard A. McCurdy, president of the
Mutual Life Insurance Company, testi
fied that he was 71 years old and a mem
ber of the bar. having been admitted in
3SSC. He practiced law for nine years
and "got Into the insurance business
quite accidentally."
He was elected attorney to the Mutual
In 1863 and served five years. A con
tingency arose and he was elected vice
president temporarily. He "got the hal
ter around the neck and could not break
It." He was "once connected with the
Widows' and Orphans 1 Benefit Life In-
PH. PIERCES REMEDIES.
A rich man d!ed the other day. Hedl«l
fn the very midsumnier of life, and he left
his family $1,000,000. The doctor's certifl-
*tv9*r*. ca^* Bnow 6d that
death resulted
from typhoid
f f fever. The doctor
««T~~^v himself said to a
: •^T-*»«0««5L) friend: -That
A( ><t_ \u0084-vi^_^/m an was a suicide.
rssf He had a splendid
ggSaf 3 constitutfon. I
|Ttsu«it»fTK S could have pulled
I p**'V HJ R him through If his
i - .... £: 3; n stomach had been
sound. But he
«Z— S^^- ruined his stomach
/jf by hasty meais,
t *^' snatched in Inter-
vals of business and by neglect of symp-
toms tvhich have been warning hire a
year past, that his stomach was failing
In its duties."
Tho symptoms of a disordered stomach
are, among others, variable appetite, sonr
risings, heartburn, undue fullness after
eatins, dull headache, dingy complexion.
discolored eye, fluctuations In physical
strength, nervousness, sleeplessness de-
jKindoncy. No person will have all these
syraptoias at once. '
The restoration of the stomach to sound
health, begins with the first dose of Dr.
Pierce s Golden Medical Discovery. The
euro progresses until the functions of the
stomach are in healthy operation. Then
the nerves are quiet and strong, the ap-
petite healthful, the sleep restful, the eye
Liight, the complexion clear.
"•Plea^o accept my thanks for the besefit
which my child received from your medi-
cine" writes Mrs. W. A. Morgan, of Silica.
Mo. 'Be had been troubled for nearly a .
year with liver complaint, indigestion and
constipation. I cave him your 'Golden
Wedical Discovery* and 'Pleasant Pellets."
tud they did him great good. I gave him
tho 'DlfcCOTery* about eight months, and
several vials of the * Pellets.* He eeezns to
be perfectly well now."
If you want & cure accept no substitute
for "Golden Medical Discovery." ~ \u0084
«3V- «.„,.. These OPJQINAL Little Liver
~? XU^^!:£ **•"*• first pat up by old Dr.
r vX\c\te K-' v - Pierce over 40 year* ago.
c have been much imitated but
never cqu«:e4. They're made of purely veg-
etable, concentrated acd renneu medicinal
principles.' extracted from native American
roots and plants. They speedily relieve and
cure foul; torpid and deranged Stomachs,
L* v. i> And Bowels and their attendant dis-
tressful ailments. One or two a l&xativ*,
tfere« or tour a cathartic
ROBERT OLYPHANT. WHO HAD CHARGE OF CONFIDENTIAL EXPENDI
TURES OF THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, AND WHO TES
TIFIED BEFORE THE BOARD OF INQUIRY IN NEW YORK YESTERDAY.
"SCOTTY" GETS
HIS BACK UP
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX BERNARDINO. Oct. 10.— A shoe
salesman from St. Louis made the ac
quaintance of Walter Scott, the Death
Valley miner, at Victorville recently.
Scott had just arrived at Victorville
with a sack of ore, with which he had
dodged from Barstow and entered a
store in time to hear the salesman say:
"Yes, I have some shoes for you desert
rats." Scott strode over and said, "I
may be a desert rat, but just try me if
you don'f believe me as good a man as
you are," toying with his pistol handle
the while. The salesman walked out of
town.
Scott, iWhile on his way to Los An
geles to-day from Barstow, stopped off
here and wired to President Harriman
of the Southern Pacific that he had
heard that he (Harriman) was contem
plating an attempt to break the record
across the continent. Scott offered to
bet Harriman he would beat him to
Chicago, Harriman to go from San
Francisco over the Southern Pacific
and Scott to take the Santa Fe from
Los Angeles, the distance to Chicago
being about the same from both points.
The cum named as a wager by Scott is
$35,000, with a.n additional $15,000 "for
side bets," the loser to pay for both
trains.
surance Company. Charles H. Raymond
was Us president.
Hughes asked McCurdy If he knew any
condition of competition that warranted
his company paying Charles H. Raymond
& Co. a rate that enables them to make
$200,000 a year net. After several ques
tions by Hughes, McCurdy said: "I know
of no such condition of competition .In
New York or anywhere else."
McCurdy said he had not given par
ticular attention to the' matter of salaries
in late years.. When. his salary was ad
vanced from JlOO.OOO to $150,000, it was
done by the committee on salaries. He
never in his life made a reauest fdr an
advance in salary. Witness took the ad
vance as a mark of appreciation of his
work. He would have continued his ser
vices whether his salary was increased
or not. "I certainly did not interpose
an objection." he said, referring to the"
raise In his salary.
It was brought out. that the witness
and Dr. Gillette held enough proxies of
policy holdprs to control the board of
trustees by electing its members.
On the subject of competition Mc-
Curdy explained that the high rates
were forced by other companies and the
Mutual Life had to pay enough to: keep
the services of its agents.
ST. PAUL IS STILL
IN GRIP OF KOCKS
Efforts Will Be Made to Save
Horse in Hold of the
Ship.
EUREKA. Oct. 10.— Captain Randall
and A. F. Williamson, the latter the own
er of the horse aboard the stranded
steamship St. Paul, boarded the wreck
to-day for the first time. The craft ap
pears to be in no imminent danger of
further danger. Everything that wou.u
float has been ' carried away by heavy
seas. The St. Paul, however, .has set
tled more and the next storm >. will work
her destruction. v
, All attempts to release } the . animal
aboard have come to naught. Plenty of
feed and water were taken to it to-day.
The only hope to save the animal seems
to be In the plan to blindfold It and
shove it overboard, giving it a chance to
swim ashore. Captain Randall is', still
at the ecene of the wreck and will stay
aboard the vessel to-night
THE SAN FRANCISCO \u25a0 GALL/ WEDNESDAYy- OCTOBER 11, 1905.
HOPES TO ROUT
CONSUMPTION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, "Oct. 10.— That consump
tion in cattle can be made to disap
pear entirely within five years and the
human race thereby be safeguarded
against infection by this disease
through the use of the milk of cattle
not immunized is the . assertion of Pro
fessor Wilfred Lellman of the Veterin
ary School of the New York University.
x'or a year Professor Lelfinan has
been inoculating heifers, and calvos
with tubercle bacilli taken -.from the
human system. In every case treated
the. cattle, he reports, have-- become
strong and healthy and immune from
the disease. .< .
During the period in which Profes
sor Lellman has been experimenting
with Dr. Behring's bovovaccine he has
treated more than 100 calves and heifers,
injecting tubercle bacilli into the jugu
lar vein and noting the resulting symp
toms. From the moment the discovery
by Dr. Behring was made, Dr. Lellman,
who has been making experiments of
his own along similar lines, accepted
Dr. Behring f s theory and put it into
practical use. Dr. Behring has long
maintained that cattle might be ren
dered immune and the milk of im
munized cows given .to consumptive pa
tients with curative results. Through
the efforts of Professor Lellman, the
State Department of Maryland has used
Dr. Behring's bovoi'accine and the re
sults obtained there will cause the na
tional bureau to take up the work.
Professor Lellman said to-day:'
Cattle { which I have inoculated are now
free -from tuberculosis and my -own Investi
gations have proved this. I am free to say
that .the cattle of the futuri will no more be
troqbled | with the disease which annually
carries | oft 'thousands of their , numbers and
Imperils 'the people who drink the milk of
consumptive j cows. . No infection . can come
from eating- the m«at of an infected animal.
The bacilli do not . inhabit the muscles, but
attack -and are nourished by the parts of the
animal which do not go to market. - . \u25a0
. We are on. the eve of ' a . great discovery,
and I feel that Dr. Behring will' announce
a cure .for consumption for human beings
something In line with the treatment', he haa
successfully given to cattle. . - \u25a0 . ' . \u25a0 '
BEHRING I.VVITES ASSISTAIVCE.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
- aid. Copyright. lOCS, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
PARIS. Oct. 10. — The New York cablegrams
In yesterday's Paris, edition of .the Herald re
garding the oft-er made by one' of the wealth
iest men of that city to present $50,000 to Dr.
Behrins if would make known his treatment
has excited great Interest in. Paris. The Call
j correspondent called on- Dr. Behring at the
Grand Hotel.
-"I need not say," remarked Dr. Behring,'
"that I read the cablegram with Interest. Such
evident proof of Interest in my discovery could
not be Indifferent to me, but I may nay at
once that I could not entertain an offer In
! such form. I have made It a principle never
to accept any aid of this kind from private
i Individuals. Many off-era or this kind have
I been mado to me, but I have always declined
them.
"Secondly, I could not submit my Investiga
tions to the control of a committee. v - however
eminent, as I could have no certainty that its
members had the necessary ' qualifications as
bacteriologists to conduct such a delicate task. :.
"It would be : another, ' thins if . the offer
came from . American Government or from
a. reoognlzed scientific institution:, and ' was
made. In recogrnltton : of services I had ren
dered to science and humanity . by, the: dis
covery of serums against S diphtheria • and " te
tanus. I havo under thes« circumstances re
ceived two urlzes from \ the French Academy '
t of Science and also ; the noble : prize from : the
j Swedish Government. . These : I have devoted to
rr.y present researches, but \u25a0 they : are " given
I without any consideration' of any kind.:. '. \u25a0'\u25a0
] "It Is, however.^ a mistake-to Imagine that
1 I have kept my n«w. discovery.: a secret.- This
Is- not so. . But I'• have ; chosen \ and * will .\u25a0 con
tinue to choose persons to whom I make : the
communication. \u25a0 , My \u25a0 only , desire \ is :. to » have
I such collaboration as , I know - will advance the
1 matter. . This' need-, not -various gov
i ernments and < scientific - societies aiding- . the
work by " contributing ' the means of ; carrying
out researches. ' Tho Pasteur,' Institute, ', though
French, "belongs ;to humanity. 'For this.'rea
son It has received aid i from foreign- institu
tions, which always ' has been I given \ uncondi
tionally, as every . one knew , everything would
t» went in the interest of 'science."
GRILL GUILTY
SAYS THE JURY
Cowboy Who Eobbed and
Miirdered Farmer to Go to
Jail for iiest of* His Life
CKBI.E WAS FOUL ONE
Defendant's TMe That Old
Jtancher Was Accidentally
Killed Is Not Believed
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' SANTA ROSA, Oct. 10.— The jury in
the case of A. J. Grill, a cowboy, charged
with the murder of W. S. Pearce in his
cabin in Dry Creels galley lust June, re
turned a verdict Of guilty" this after
noon after being out a couple of hours
and lixed upon life imprisonment as his
punishment.
Pearce was found dead in his cabin
one Saturday morning and Grill was
arrested later in the day on suspicion.
It developed that Pearce had lost $19 50
and accused' Grill of stealing it. There
was a row, which ended'in the shoot
ing. Grill said he stumbled and the
gun went off and that ho did not know
that Pearce had been shut until ar
rested. • .'
Miss Pne Pearce, the 14-year-old
daughter of the dead man, was one of
the principal witnesses at the trial v
CAPITALIST DESERTS
WOMAN AT THE ALTAI*
leaves for Parts Unknown
Without Notifying His
Prospective Bride.
.Special Di»i>atch to l*he Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 10. — Edward \V.
Hearld, capitalist, and Mrs. Mabel K.
Bryant, a woman of wealth, both prbmi
nent members of local society, were to
have been married last night. A few
hours before the ceremony Airs. Bryant
was informed that Hearld had left the
city. All engagements were hastily
canceled and at the hour for the wed
ding the Bryant Hat in the Hearld
building was dark. Within the last two
months Hearld has converted all of his
Seattle property Into cash. Mrs. Bry
ant to-day charges members of Hearld's
family with forcing him to desert her.
They deny this, saying the wedding has
simply been postponed, but of -this Mrs.
Bryant knows nothing. Hearld's where
abouts are unknown.
GOOD TEMPLARS 3LEET
IX THE GARDEN CITY
Reports Showing Fine Condi
% tion of Order Read by
Officers;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 10.— The Grand Lodge
of' California of the' Independent Order
of Good Templars began its \ forty-sixth
annual session in Druids' Hall this morn
ing. About three hundred delegates were
present. Grand Chief Templar W. P.
Netherton presided. The Grand Lodge
degree was given to fifty-six applicants.
Reports of grand-officers, which showed
a gain in membership and that the order
is in a flourishing condition, were made.
At noon a banqueft was served the dele
gates at Odd Fellows' Hall.
A public reception was tendered the
delegates this evening by the members
of Mystic Lodge of, this city. A fine
musical programme was rendered.
OREGON WITHOUT DISTRICT
JUDGE, AX ATTORNEY CLAIMS
FiglifN the Extradition of Portland
Prisoner . to Xf brnskn on
Novel Points.
PORTLAND, Oct: 10.— That Oregon is with
out a United Smtes District Judge and that
the signature .of such, officer is necessary to
the extradition of Frank. Lambert, wanted in
Omaha, Neb., to answer to a charge cf sub
ornation of .perjury., was. the plea made by
Lambert's attorney yesterday before United
States Commissioner Sladen. As Lambert re
fusca to return to Nebraska voluntarily it will
either be necessary to brinsr a number of
witnesses from that State. to. Portland or Lam
bert will be compelled to remain in Jail until
the President appoints a;Dlstrict Jud(te.
WILL GIVE SMALL FARM TO MAN
' INJURED BY^BIiECTRIC CAR
Petaluma and' Santa /Rowa Railroad
Plan* to Take Care" of Crippled \
' Deaf Mute.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 10.— The Petaluma and
Santa Rosa Railroad Intends to present Eveleth
Scott a small piece 'of land and build him a
small house that \u25a0he ma i* provide for himself
In the future.- \u25a0 Scott, who Is a deaf mute,
whiie walking on the line of the electric road
last July was struck by a car. ' He lost one
foot, the other leg was broken , and his face
and head were severely injured. Owing: to his
deafness he had not heard the warnings and
the motorman expecting him to leave the track
every minute did not attempt to stop.
1 RUIT GRO AVERS' ASSOCIATION
, / ' TO MEET IN CITY OF ROSES
ArranKementN -Now . Beinc Murie for
Gut hcrlnpr. Which Promises to
'. Be of Great Importance.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 10.— The State Fruit
Growers' Association will meet here in De
cember. The .announcement was" made to-day
by Secretary '. John Isaac, of \u25a0 the State Horti
cultural Commission, who came I up from San
Francisco ; to meet the leading growers and
others regarding the arrangements for the
meeting. The time for this year's meeting
has been set for .December 5 to ' 8 inclusive.
Thi3 is the thirty-first annual meeting of th*
association and gives promise to be one of
great Importance. \u25a0 " '
BROTHER OF SAN FRANCISCO
\u25a0' ' X MAN IS HURT IN SALINAS
SALINAS. Oct. 10.-^Walter Pretlons. a car
pet.ter. employed -on the new "depot building
or the- Southern Pacific Company, slipped from
the roof \u25a0 this afternoon to . the ground. '\u25a0 a dls-'
tance.of ten' feet, falling on his baok.- H«
sustained . injuries to his . splual \u25a0 cord and his
body^ below the; waist line is. pai-alyzed. -,l He
has a brother who is a cigrar merchant' ln San
Francisco, with a store at the corner of Sixth
and Market streets. "
SEND FOR THEM.
Bring the Home Folks Wen* While
Rnten Are Lo*t. . .-. .. V
You've been thinking about It a long" time.
Don't wait any., longer.. ." Rates' are 'low: now
from the * East to \u25a0 California. ' The Santa Fe
will telegraph the ticket * and see that, your
folks 'get special attention.' The conductor will
look after them all the way to California.
$.'.O from New York. \u25a0\u25a0-..,
$33. from l Chicago.. ..- • '. ..
$25 from Kansas City. Low rates also from
other' places. • Write for them to T." W. 'Prince,'
City Ticket -. Asrent. Santa .Fe > Railway. - 053
Market street. -San Francisco.- v. •
Withdraw* Plea of Not Guilty.
;i FARGO, '.-'S.Jb.:--- Oct. 10.— J.: A.- Dlckson,
president of j the : recently failed • Mlnct National
Bank,', to-day withdrew : his 1 plea of not -guilty
to j two ; indictments -, on . .'. twenty-six .; counts
charging the : making of A false • entries ;; In •? his
report to the Comptroller of : the 'CurrencyvY
If,- It's not offered to-day, ask for it
to-morrow^ — through the Want Col
umns. > . ; • !
$f 2 fee Figured **7j^ jC?*" • Furniture
% Silkolines 8c Reduced
£ The kind foi ; mantel drapes, Sate about half now on- fur-
S curtains and comforters, flora! California-*; i aorrc-r « - m - —^-— -^"^*^ niture for any room. Our sur-
fi and Oriental designs. \Zy2c wMißf^S^ I^^ P'"* *tock all reduced. It you
*£ quality; special, yard .. 8C \u25a0 l liJj[J|Bß'^^^>iMEßlCA'S GRANDEST STORE need furniture investigate.
X j \u25a0'\u25a0' - \u25a0 '"• - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 -\u25a0-
I far This Ultra Stylish A Flurry in Linens p£
I d§^s**s Costume To-Day and Thursday
% jK-^ 1--.1 --'. &tn9* y° u nee<^ ta^le linens do not pass this offering over
X lp\;" w . : ' ; -T^ ;^v- •\u25a0 without investigating. Several large lots of cloths, nap-
f \^/ A very clever combination of the Idns and damasks at a third under regular.
i 9USe EE n $lyleS ' ma(le ° f VCry 300 bleached Kaea table cloths. «c Bxlo, worth $2.73. tft AO
* 'dffllWr/ ///^\ ' fine chitfon weight broadcloth each $1.70
$ 'Jf/i'l I !'<< I I. .mXV ™fc DCW ameth y»t *hade; also \qq bbeachedl cac hed linen table cloths, neatly hemstitched. «Jze fI 2g
3 S f- :^sfe?Si / -Mt ) * f'V iuit U e!abo^ e 'y »rimmed ,50, 50 do Icn bleached Knen table napkins. 22 inches sqoare. tfi 00
*• '^S^^^iz \\V > in Panne velvet and has a deep worth $2.50 dozen." for <Jl.OO
fc a girdle of fine Peau de Soie silk. 200 dozen bleached mercerized napkins 22 inches square. C 1 30
*- $B£m A^ : The' vest effect is of a Lghter "'worth $2.00 a dozen, for $1.00
j£> JH'/f>J"Tj^r\ . \..'| . shade, edged with white and 60 inch 50c table damask, half bleached, pretty patterns,
>£ i/mJYI \\\ : 'f$ \u25a0 ' ornamented with small Panne yard * OyW
i X . II k I A \\\ 0 button* «nd gilt ornaments. The 35 pj^ bleached Knen table damuk. 66 to 70 iache. wide. 7 Z r
i 5 ' ill' \ V.\\\ « - ie T: Te * " re « combination of • real values 85c. 90c and $1.00 the yard, for ' «Jw
!tf . Jsll'ik 111 I\\ white taffeta and Insa point : \u25a0 .
H thj-Jj \\ \\ l«ce. A dressmaker competent ' j
I ifWW «(?nnft Suit, $1.50 f2-/ay b 7io
$ li'MmV- \' WWWW '\u0084: ' \u0084 ... . fine of Domet flannel, p*. Gas hot plate or stove,
* iff' \W^ »S^Z^J!SSL H~.M-b-.P-d.; full nickel plated,
S Wu'il W 4», ™4 ViM C A ewJljr wdl m«fc; crap- feet of p»d tnbmg. A
iilfililSi^ StS' d0 !57.50 S" k 51.50 S ? °°76c
rg Buy Toys Carpets 75 Styles Infants' Shoes
k for Christmas Never So Special f**^
t &' ¥ Uf!!r ce i H Hr? r \u25a0' Low Priced 39c Pair fife Al§| ,t^^>
Jk° The Will & Finck sale con- : .. «« i • i /Ek&\ iV^<^a i 5s v "' > '^
jTt tinucs with unabated interest. In conjunction with th e Mothers, do [&!&L2% K^j?Mi 4»i^ v '*\
|C Buy just the toys you will want remarkable furniture sal e not miss this sale. 43S^fc
|» at Christmas june^ now at half now j n progress we offer: These are some
$ $125 CrokinoleToard, . 620 $1.15 Tapestry . Brus- of the prettiest /^\ /%*\
!g $1.00 Mechanical Hook and sels (Stinson's) . Q(ft p. "ttle shoes that IljpSSs '
j fl? Ladder* for 800 yard ..... t/V/W were ever made
I* ?n c L in ?u? u " b< J at M OOfI -f !! 2 ° $1.50 Axminsters (Bige- and are perfect
ft 50c Mechanical Tin Toy* (great v . fi c \u0084 v v 6 . . > * r T. - , _. . .. . . ,
>% variety). ... . . . 2Sc low & bnuth) | Qff in every particular. They are soft soled shoes m lace,
jA" 25c Wood Bedroom Furniture — yard \u25a0•tPI • 25 O button and »andal effects. In all color*, including pink. blue, white.
*: Sets ... . 12C 51. 65 and H. 75 Body f«»« combination, of color,. Never sold regu- 4Qa
\i 75c Boys' Drums .- . . 37 C Brussels CBieelow Low- ! « ! y und « sOc P 3^ y<»« cho'ce to-day and Thursday O«7^
ft; 25c Toy Laundry Sets . . 126 ]i f!l > DlseioW LOW Abo 100 pain of children's Bronze Kid Button Shoes, with
I X Kestner Dolls, with real hair; in- c " an< * Olher <J* f O£s plain medium wide square toes, spring heels and hand-turned soles;
ijj* stead of $2.45 each - $1.22 makes), yard <V *• -^ sizes 4to 8; worth $1.25 part— «pecial : 780
i* ; < • ' •- ••-\u25a0'\u25a0
, : : ; ; _
\ X Swell( Millinery Tenerifle Lace Sale Corn, Peas
|*: for Children Doilies, Sc and Other Groceries
I* • This V ery styl- Made by the natives of the Canary Cora^ Fa^ quality Western: doze^Q^
% VV bh, smooth. Islands— some star shaped, some Peas— New pacV^eet and tender! dozS I
fi? %^^'N. •c l round; -some all Tenerifle lace, 95c. 3 tins for 2 80
% $l\V\ "• .j-lu some with plain linen centers, some Ground Chocolate— Ghnadelli*. or
ft- 7^/7^J\ tnmmedwUh . -j. \u0084 . vi California LowneyV l-lb. tin 2Sc
* Wtf/W&SM nbbon and -.wm nnen centers witn S p anlsh . Amer i canSoups _ Anflavors
»» /^»v/£^-^V streamers; a views. INot one worth less than 2tin* ISc
% i W^^B^rfm hat that will 25 c; choice of the lot to-day •9o Prepared Mustard— cia*. jar. gla» top
*° V \u25a0 (^iiamMmk becom > n 8 In the new Art Needlework De- and patent opener, jar tSo
* C \ ( >lff' 1 to , an y, httle partment, second floor. Tea— New crop, choice pickings. 60c gual-
£ Wbody-- ' ity. all flavor,, pound 45c
* \u25a0 J^^^fr^l F $*' 75 SQC BaCk COmbS Macaronl » Venniceffi or Spaghetti, box .
% M \u25a0\u25a0 IMa le^n, aP o"f To-daY Wool Soap— 3 for. 2So
•» • ./ white felt iW£tS^y7\V^Sv^^ Apricots— New crop. 12 &e. 1 5c »ad «rtra lante
trimmed with all white and colored pom- |f//f/f(Tffmn!lf^ %5C MatTbtnd' Clnb Ryc^-'Brtda ".':'. '.'.'.'."" 89%
'$ - pons; one of the very newest effects for M ] J J Mounted back ««^row Whl.key-Bottled b booA^
£ children . ,*^.Ol/. UJUj 1 SllJ/ /////// combs m shell Apricot Brandy-After «snn« Aink. bottle. OSo
f Children's and Misses' patent leather sailor """"\u25a0?"""/* and amber ef- Mcßrayer Whlskey-OJd aad mcßow. wW^
If caps . • . '• BUG fccU; some jeweled, some in Art Noveau Table Wlne»— SMteriw "ot'rce£a& dioice. ration
X Chi'dren's and Misses' tn'mmed hats, for best designed in gilt. A maker's end-of-the- • •\u25a0 -• \u25a0• •• \u25a0 •\u25a0- ••• 750
H v-m.uicu. .^.ll^ \u0084^.i."f e/v. „„_!,„ L. -^ _ - Eastern Alcohol— lBB proof, bottle 85c
U ' wear, white and cobted .. - -- . season stock of 50c combs, be- O CJ/> Yellowstone-Rye ot Bourboa Whukey: n>«id.
X . ... . • » • $3mSO and SSmOO ginmng to-day' . M4*J\* book; $1.19
FOOTPADS WORK
IN ROSE CITY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 10.— J. E. Sager,
who is visiting here from Placervllle.
was held up and robbed of his gold
watch and a purse containing 580 in
gold shortly after midnight last night
and left lying on the road unconscious.
If was two hours before. rte recovered
sufficiently to realize what had oc
curred and make his way to the police
station and give the alarm.
Sager appeared at the police station
about 3 o'clock, all covered with dust
and bleeding from a wound on the fore
head and with a great lump on the
back of the head. He told the officers
he had taken a walk after attending
the theater last .night and when pass
ing- a dark place on Healdsburg avenue
a man addressed him, while another
struck him from behind.
BBB AKS JAIL TO KEEP
; ARREST FRO Jl MOTHER
Note to Justice Tells Why
Claud Palmer Sought His
Freedom.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 10.— In the bedding
of his cell in the lock-up at Murphys.
Calaveras County, from which he escaped
last Saturday night, Claud Palmer left a
note addressed to Justice Shepherd: Pal
mer was arrested on a cnarge of steal-
Ing valuable ore specimens from the
Farmer's -Mine at Sheep Ranch. The
note reads: .
• Mr. Shepherd: . The story I told you was
true My mother is a woman 00 years old
and In poor health, and I hope to keep .the
knowledge of my arrest by living. * X I am
to be dragged t through a trial which will not
come "off . for nearly two months. I am afraid
It would be impossible to keep th» news rrom
her - Whether I am guilty of a crime In
taking ore which was hidden by other parties
I do not know.- but the experience has . been
severe enough to teach .me to let questionable
enterprises alone In the future.^. Hoping you
are well -I'am, sincerely yours, Claud Palmer.
VACCINATION ORDER CAUSES
MONETARY LOSS TO SCHOOLS
Rebellion Among: People of IlrllinKiium
Follows Attempt to - Enforce
Health Board's Rule.
BELLiNGHAM. /tt'aeh.. Oct. 10.— When , the
nubile schools opened here : this morning ICtM
riuullH out of a ; total ; enrollment of 3531 were
'bsen't This Is the rt suit of rebellion by a
nart of the population against a ; rule of the
Board of Health, - corrfpelllnK the children to
Kiihmlt to vaccination., Since, the State school
fund allows cl K ht cents to the district for
»«rh day's attendance by; each pupil, the loss
will -i amount to $132 12 per day If the revolt
continues." -.'-,. '
S tanley Dollur .Total :. Lous.
VICTOKIA, B. C, Oct. .; 10.— Captain . Casey/
master" of/" : the \u25a0; steamship V. .Stanley 'Dollar,:
owned ':. by " the > Dollar Steamship • Comcany 'of
San s FrancUco. 'it- which v was , wrecked ':\u25a0 on , . the
Japanese \ coast, .\u25a0 returned : home \u25a0 by . the ' steam
ship Kanagawa \u25a0 to-day. \u25a0 He ' reports : the Stan
ley - Dollar a total '• loss. The wreck baa been
sold for. Jl3.sCa
CUPID LEADS
MEN TO JAIL
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 10.— Because a pretty
young woman could not divide her love
between two men. either of whom lc old
enough to be her father, both suitors
have been arrested. Maud Meyers Is the
young lady in Question and now that
both of her admirers are under bonds on
serious charges the young lady haa dis
appeared.
Last Saturday-W. A. Karns, a Grand
Army veteran, was arrested on a charge
of threatening to murder Miss Meyers.
The complaint was made by "W. J. Hardy,
the proprietor of a lodging-house, who
alleged that Karns had threatened to kill
Talking Machines
Are Not All Alike
They are-no more so than are all men alike. Sooner or later
every man passes at his true worth. So with talking ma-
chines. They are rated according to results it is possible
to obtain with them. "Cheap" talk-ing machines may look
well in a store, but in a short while their shoddy will be
apparent.
The Victor Talking Machine
Is a Musical Instrument y
So finished that it is often mistaken for the human voice; so
:-. finished that to all lovers of good music it is an inspira-
tion. The Victor doesn't imitate. It reproduces band
and orchestra music, sings songs, delivers orations, re-
peats conversations. It is always ready, and there is no
;• limit to the variety of selections this marvelous instru-
ment will recite for you.
Purchasable by monthly payments.
Prices, $20.00, $27.50, $32.50, $40.00. $45-00,
$50.00 and up.
Ask. or send for illustrated catalog and list
of new Records.'
SHERMAN, C L A Y & CO.
STEINWAY PIANO DEALERS
Located for "thirty-five years at Kearny and But-
' - - " ter- streets, San Francisco. Oakland Store.
/ Broadway and Thirteenth street.
the young woman if she continued to pay
attention to him (Hardy).
The young lady rushed to the Jail to
see Karns as soon as he was arrested.
Kama secured his release on $1000 bail.
His case was to have been heard before
Justice Benson this morning, but, owing
to the disappearance of Miss Meyers, it
was continued until Thursday.
Karnes this morning went before Jus
tice Davidson and swore to a complaint
charging Hardy with perjury. In that he
had sworn falsely when he made the
complaint In Justice Benson's court
charging him with attempting the life of
the young lady. Hardy secured his re
lease on S2OOO bonds and his preliminary
examination was set for next Monday
morning.
Czar Aftatn Thanks Count Wltte
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 10. — Further im
perial thanks are given to Count Wltte in a
reecript published to-day and high tribute Is
paid to the services ha rendered la *he <«?£>"
elusion of peace with Japan. It— indicates
grateful appreciation of Count Wine's services •
to the empire and is a considerable blow to
the Intrigues against him.
56
SPORTS
PAGE
NEW YORKERS AT MERGY
OF RED MAN BENDER.
Gilbert's Wide Throw and Muff
by Bresnahan Blast the
Hopes of McGraw.
LORD HAS THE TIMELY HIT
New York, / . Philadelphia,
nESILT OF YESTERDAY'S (iA-MKi
Philadelphia, 3; Xevr York, 0. . ~
PHILADELPHIA — AB. ' 11. BH. PO. A. E.
IlJirtsrll, left field 4 1 2 0 0 0
Lord, center field ...\4 O 2 3 0 0
Davtk, first hxae ...i4 O. 0 8 0 0
L,. Cr<>«». third base 3 O 0 1 1 O^
Ceyltold, rlerbt field 4 0 0 0 O O
Murphy, neoond ba«e .4 O 1 0 4 1
M. CroKS, ithortKtap .. . 4 O ' O 4 1 1.
Schreck. catcher 4 2 1 10 2 0
{lender, pitcher 2 O O 1 0 O
Totals 33 3 6 '£7 8 2
NEW YORK — AB. H. BH. PO. A. E.
Bretinahan. catcher 4 0 1 '3 1 1
Browne, right field 4 0 0 2 0 0
Donlin, center field 4 0 2 4 0 0
McGann. first bane 3 O 0 12 .0. 1
Merte*. left field 4 0 0 O 0 0
Dnhlen. hhortntop .3 0 O O 7 .0
Devlin, third bm»e ... .,.. , 3 0 1 3 O 0
Gilbert, second base / ....3 .0. 0 3 4 0
Mcf.lnntty, pitcher 2 0 0 0 3 0
•^tranif 1 0 O O .0 O
Auie», pitcher O O O O 1 0
Totaln 81 O 4 27 16 2
•Batt«-d (or McGlnnlty In eighth.
SCORE BY braiNGß.
Philadelphia O O 1 O O O 0 2 o—3
Tivmt York OO .0 O 0 0 0 O o—o0 — 0
SUMMARY — Runs earned — Philadelphia 2. Two-bane hit* — Brea
v aaban, Donlin, Hart sell. Sacrifice, hit — Bender. Stolen baae— Dahlen.
Left on basen — Sew York 2. First bane on errors— Philadelphia 1,
.\ew York 2. Struck out — By Mcfiinnity 2, by Bender 9, by Ames 1.
Bases on balls By Bender 3, by Aines 1. Time of game — -1' hour
and SO minutes. Umpires — O'Day and Sheridan.
Attendance, 35,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— When two. well
trained ball teams are pitted against
each other with the points covered by
men of acknowledged cleverness, there
is always a doubt as to the outcome un
til the game is completed. The truth of
this was proved to-day, when in the sec
end game of the world's championship
series, the Philadelphia champions of the
American League defeated the National
League champions on the Polo grounds.
Yesterday on the Philadelphia grounds
McGraw's men won from Manager Mack's
team by a score of 3 to 0, and to-day
when the latter visited this city they
Just reversed the score, shutting out the
Giants.
The visitors pul in their Indian pitcher.
Bender, with Schreckengost to handle
him, against McGinnity and Bresnahan.
The Athletics' '. battery was excellently
eupported. as was the local end for two
innings. But in the third inning Gilbert
made a costly error, which gave the vis
itors a lead that they never relinquished.
McGinnity was relieved In the latter half
of the eighth inning, Strang batting in
his stead and Ames going' into the box.
The change did not prove effective, how
ever.
GILBERT'S COSTLY ERROR.
In the third inning Schreck sent a
grounder to Gilbert, who threw wildly
to first, and the friends of the local team
groaned when the batter was safe. Ben
der made a neat Bacriflce. Hartzell tried
to send the ball to the boundary, but
\u25a0was an easy out. I»rd, the next up, was
the right man in the pinch, as he singled
to oenter, pcoring Schreck Davis was
thrown out by Dahlen and the inning end
ed in favor of Philadelphia, which had
tallied one run.
There was a dingdong game of -fast
plays until the seventh inning, when it
looked as though the home team might
tie the score, but Donlin just got as far
as third, only to be left there after mak
ing a double and reaching that station
on a fly to right field. This was the near
est point to the home plate that Me-
Graw*s men managed to get.
Monte Cross struck out at the be
ginning of the eighth inning, but
Schreck singled to left. Browne made
a beautiful running catch of Bender's
foul fly. Hartzell then doubled to left,
but the relay throw from Mertes,
through Devlin, to the plate, was
dreppßd; by Bresnahan and Schreck
ecored. This was another run made on
an error. Then Lord singled, bringing:
Whiskey Jj
Is the ided whiskey E§§§r
for Che yachtsman, Rilsrs'
the golfer, the K^t|i
bunker, the at,h!et*e P^i^
and the sportsman. Vtjg^
i
Its purity, aroma and
delicious flavor have
mad: it a popular
favorite with all. •*•
Ask for it wher-
Grommes (§h Ullrich
DUtlllefs
. Chicago, ID.
, SAN . FRANCISCO . BRANCH
8 Beale Street
ATHLEMCS TAKE ON THE GIANTS
Hartzell in with the final run of the
game.
AMES GOES Uf TO PITCH.
In the latter half of the eighth inning
the visitors • were charged with their
first misplay. Devlin had singled and
Lord had caught an easy fly from Gil
bert. Strang batted for McGinnity, but
fanned. Monte Cross' fumble of a
grounder -from Bresnahan gave .'some
hope of a tally, but this died away
when Browne was thrown out by Mur
pfcy« . ' .• ' /\u25a0 ..'.'. ." .. " . \u25a0 ."'' .
Ames went into pitch for New York
in the first half of the ninth and gave
Lave Cross a base on balls. Seybold
flew to Donlin for the third time. Mur
phy singled and matters looked promis
ing for an addition to Philadelphia's
score, but Monte Cross fanned and
Schreck was an easy victim from Ames
to Gilbert.
Murphy's fumble of Donlin's grounder
was the second bad mark against th&
visitors. This happened at the opening
of the last half of the concluding
Inning. McGann drew a pass, but
Mertes flew to M. Cross. The next two
men, Dahlen and Devlin, met the same
fate, Murphy and Davis being respon
sible for their dismissal and the ending
of the game.
The Philadelphia team went back to
their home to-night and the New York
team will go to Philadelphia in the
morning to decide the third contest in
the series. . . .
YOUNG FANS FIFTEEN MEN.
Old Hoy Shot™ Boston National* He
" .',. \: ..la Still. There.'. y.$W
.BOSTON, *Oct.~. 10. — The Boston Americans
won the., second .game of the series .with the
Boston Nationals to-day. Cy. Young's .' jpitch
lrig was excellent; holding the Nationals down
to two hits and striking out. fifteen men. the
strike-out record for the season. Attendance,
7900.. Score: ,
r: h. c.
Americans 3 8 3
Nationals 1 2 2
Batteries — Cy Young and Criger; I. Young
and Needham. : Umpires — .. O'Loughlln and
Kmslle. •.. . . • • . - • .
ST. LOCTB, Oct. .10. — By winning to-day's
came the local American League team made
the post season \u25a0 lnter-league series one each. A
batting rally' in the eighth followed' by one In
the ninth made the final score 8 to 3. At
tendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Americans 8 9 0
Nationals .V.'......v.. 3 8 2
Batteries — Glade and. Bpenoer: Brown and
Grady. ; . \u25a0
CHICAGO. Oct. 10. — The game between the
Chicago National and American teams was
postponed to-day. W>t, grounds.'- '\u25a0- ,
SANTA ROSA HORSEMEN
ARRANGE A BIG MEET
All the Fast Up-Country Equlnes Are
\u25a0 I Caxded Jln the Going To-
Mnrrow Afternoon.
SANTA ROSA. Octl 10. — The Sonoma County
Driving Club has arranged a fine programme
ot races for a regular; meet to be held Thurs
day; at the famous 'Santa-Rosa Stock; Farm's
racetrack. Much Interest has been aroused
among the local horsemen' and there promises
to be some very Interesting; eport. Already
a number of horsemen have arrived from the
surrounding towns to participate In the vari
ous events.
Secretary H. A. Carlton to-day announced
the following entries for the meet:
2:17 class, pace — R. Mead's Carrie B;M.
Levl's Cash; Dan Lioginger's Senator Hearst;
James O" Kane's Ed Ray.
2:12 class, mixed— J. G. Culcello's Welleday;
James O' Kane's King V; John Lawlor*s Grace
McKinnoy; Dan Lioginger's Ring Rose.
2:25 class, mixed— M. Rollln's Charles Bel
den; F. D. McGregor's Gertie H; R. Abies'
Lillian: John Qulnn's Wllmar; F. S. Turner's
Sky Pointer Jr.
Road race for club members— Robs' Garrl-'.
eon's Zet; E. C. Wlnkler 1 * Deriniss; F.-.8.
Miller's Socks; S. D. Kee's L..W., Russell Jr.-
SONS OP SUNNY \u25a0 ITALY v-' :V ' :
WILL DON PADDEDj. MITTS
Mike Kutchos and Frank .Baront Are
Billed to Decide "Macaroni
Championship."
To-morrow night air "Little Italy" will take
a night oft* to attend the battle between : Mike
Kutchos and Frank Barohi. who will scrap
for . the .- "macaroni championship.". These
sons of runny Italy are whirlwind boxers and
some stiff fighting should mark their en
counter. If Kutchos loses it will be back 'to
the bootblack stand for him. as he has been
a big man In Italian eporting ' circles elnce
copping. Ah Wing, the champion of China '
The three, special events are attracting con
siderable \u25a0 attention, especially, • the bantam
weight contest between Harry Williams and
Harry Baker. Jack- McLaughlln and Jim Mo-
Clair should also ' put up a clever go, "while
Willie Wolf and George Ellis should not be
very far out of It .when it comes to dishing
up a bunch of excitement. These • four con
tents will be preceded by a similar number of
bouts at Woodward's Pavilion and wilT.be held
under the direction of the Occidental -Chib* .-.-
MUSTO ESTATE \u25a0 INCORPORATES.— The
nine heirs of the estate of the late -Joseph
H. Musto have- incorporated his estate, the
corporation : to . be known the Joseph - H."
ilusto Estate Company. ; The capital' stock,
which represents all of the wealth left by the
deceased. Is $840, 000
THE SAN. FRANCISCO' CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1905.
McLEAN TOSSES
THE CAME AWAY
Big Jack Has a Kink in His
Wing and the Commuters
Tear Around the Sacks
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
STAXDIXG OF THE CLUBS.
W. L. Pet.f W. L.. Pet.
Oakland 38 28 .574 Portland ...20 28 .481
Seattle 28 28 .6001 S. Francisco.29 33 .46S
L. Angeles.. 30 30 .500tTacoma .... .20 30 .4W
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Oakland, 6{ Portland, 5. \u25a0
• GAMES TO-DAY.
Seattle at San Francisco. *.
Oakland ntT Portland. • ,%\
Taconia at Los 'Angeles.
_________ -.
PORTLAND; Oat. 10.— After winning
this afternoon's game, the Giants tossed ;
it off to the commuters. Big Jack Me- '•
Lean, who usually performs in the most
creditable manner, had a kink or two in
his 'throwing wing, for he contributed
two weird tosses that aided the Oak
landers in amassing about four . of the
six aces registered by them during j the
matinee. Then on top of the big catch
er's erring proceedings "came a couple of
foozles by McHala and Sweeney, all of
which set at naught the excellent work
of tha blonde-headed Bill Essick, who
was on the hill for the locals.
Willie pitched grand ball, allowing five
bingles and fanning out eight of Pop's
crew, and in addition endeavored to set
an example to his team-mates in the
fielding line by accepting seven chances.
The few hits acquired by the leaders were
secured at times '.when Essick's battery
partner would slip up on trying to heave
the bali to one of the sacks in an effort
to head off a runner and the, result was
that they cavorted around the paths al
most at will. Score: . < •
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Atz 8S ,4 2 .2 1 2 0
Van Buren, 1. f 5 2 2 0 0 0
Mitchell, lb .'..'.. 3 1 2' 10 1 0
Sch!afley 2b ....' 3 0 2 1 2 0
McLean, c : 3 0 1 9 3 3
McHale, c. f 4 0 1 ,0 0 1
Sweeney, 3b 2 0 0 1 2 1
Cates. r. f .2 0 1 2 0 0
Essick. p 4 0 0 0,7 0
Totals ..io ~5 11 24 17 5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A, E.
Van Haltren. c. f 4 1 110 0
Kruger, r. f... .:.' 4 2 2 10 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 0
Moskiman lb 3 1 1 11 I^o
Kelly. 2b 2 0 0,220
Devereaux, ss 4 0 0 3 2 0
Richards. 3b .... ...3 "0 0 5 3 1
Hackett. c. ;..... -..\u25a0•'.. ;'. 10 0 2 4 0
Byrnes c 1 1 0 2 2 0
Graham, p 2 1 1.0 3' 0
Iberg, p. -. 0 0 0 0 4 1
Totals ....... ...... .27' 6 "5' 27 21 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. • '
Portland 0 0 2 0 2 o 'o 0 I—s1 — 5
Base hits 2 0 2 0 3 0 1.1 -2—ll
Oakland 0 0 02 3 0 1 0 x— C
Base hits .....1-0 0 2 2 0 0.0 x — 5
SUMMARY.
Struck out— By Eesick 8. by Graham 2, by
Iberg 2. Bases on balls — Oft Easlck 3, off
Graham --3. .'-off Iberg "1. • Two-base • hits—
fichlafley 2. Atz. Mitchell. -First baeeon er
rors — Oakland 2, Portland 1. Double play—
Hackett to Richards to Devereaux to Moski
man to Kelly. * Left on bases — Portland 11;
Oakland 3. Sacrifice hite — Mitchell, la-Lean.
Cates, Sweeney, Kelly. .^lbergr,. Dunleavy.
Stolen base — HcHale. Hit by. pitched ball —
By Graham 3 by Iberg 1. Passed balls— Me-
Lean 2. Innings pitched— By Graham 5, by
Iberg 4. Base hits— Oft Graham 7, oft Iberg
4. Time of game — 1 hour and 60 mlnutea.
Umpire — McDonald. '">%\u25a0'
BRIEF ClfY NEWS.
FAVOR SPEED ORDINANCE-— The Mis
sion-Federated Clube yesterday petitioned- the
Supervisors to Dass the ordinance submitted
by the Merchants' Association i and United
Railroads to limit the speed of Btreet cars.
The ordinance says the present law of eight
miles an hour should be Increased to at least
ten in the down-town, district, and a fifteen
mile speed permitted In the outlying residence
districts, •» . \u25a0 • « -. • - .;
KANNGIESSER PLEADS GUILTY.— EmII
Kanngiesser. formerly a postofflce clerk,
pleaded guilty in s the United States District
Court . to an Indictment charging him with
opening letters aad eteallngr money there/rom.
Judge de Haven ordered the depf ndant to ap
pear; for sentence' this: morning. On motion
of the United Staitea District Attorney Kann
gieseer. who had- been at liberty On bonds, was
ordered into the custody of the United States
MarphaL, -.„ \u25a0 \u25a0 ; - -. ,«-*. \u0084 . . -.—
BRINGS MAHAN FROM PASADENA.—Dt
tective Rlordan arrived from Pasadena • yes-:
terday mor-nlmr with 'E. J. Mahan, who' ls
wanted here on a charge of; felony embezzle
ment. - He was. an agent for a. eewlng •ma
chine company ' and the manager, ! John H.
Post, accuses him of maklne ."fake" sales
of machines and not only obtaining,, his com
mission, but selling, the machine* pocket
ing the money. \u25a0. - - \u25a0\u25a0 .."..' .'(: J. ! < • i"..,.
CELIA FAY. ACQUITTED— CeIIa Fay was
acquitted by a Jury in Judge Lawlor'a court
yesterday on a charge of grand laroeny. ' Only
one ballot was taken. She was represented ; by
Attorney Charles -Perry. > She wan accused- of
stealing $260 from' Philip F. Bauer, a travel
ing- ealesman,. In an apartment-house. ',pn -'Ful
ton street, on July 0, while he. was* Intoxi
cated: Battling Nelsqn put , \u25a0: up . the S bail for
her release -chortly, after ;the/Britt- Nelson fight.
NEW RAILWAY FOR' TREKA.— Articles
of incorporation' of the Scott Valley Railway
Company, which purpose building a railway
from, Yreka,. Slskiyou - County, " to ,'Del Norte
anil anotber'.to 'Montague, connecting with the
lines of the Southern Pacific Company, Y were
filed yesterday. The directors ere Charles E.
Lobs, Henry F. Wells and John 'A. Manly,
who have subscribed $50,000 each.'of the capital
stock -of $1,600,000. -.•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 • v ..
PLEADS GUILTY AND IS SENTENQED.—
Samuel. Cohen, charged, with assault to fnur
dar \u25a0 was avowed to plead rullty vln r Judge
Cook's court yeeterday toa charge -of assault
with' a. deadly weacon . and was, sentenced vto
pay a fine of $100 or spend 50 days In the
county Jail. Cohen shot George W. O'Brien,
an exoreesman, cm the nlsht of. May IS. Co
hen accused O'Brien of. being familiar with his
wife and demanded' money .tranv ty.Biien.
When O'Brien refused- Cob en shot' him.- >••-',;;
CHARGES GILLia WITH rEMBEZZLE
MENT.—C.'B. Poar of the C B. Peer Conipany,
cigar merchants, 1538 Market f. street, swof e
to a complaint before Police Judge Mogan
yesterday charging H. A. Glllii.wlth felony
embezzlement.- The. amount in the • complaint
is $94, but- Poar says, the total amount Will
reach $1800. G mis was employed by the com
pany as . collector and eolicltor.. He wets ar
rested about two. weeks ago by. Detective* Bun
ner.and Freel and has been In : "the - tanks"
since. . • •\u25a0\u25a0 '-•\u25a0. >...•„•':. •
CITED FOR CONTEMPT.— Superiorl Judsce
Slcss has cited the Globe Grain and Mll!in«r
Company and Gray Bros, to appear before
him \u25a0 next Fridays morning to : show cause if
they can. why. they should "not'fce punished
for contempt of court for .disobeying an order
restraining 'them from filing blasts ' In ' their
quarry., at Taylor and Lombard streets. \u25a0 Tn#
order was issued- upon an affidavit filed hv
T.,.H. ; Collett of 230 -Lombard street, who
asserts that, his home has" been damaged and
his life - endangered by the blasting.
ORGANIZE PROFIT-SHARING CONCERNS
Articles of incorporation ;of '. the i Independent
Workmen of America and of the ' De - La ' Roza
Profit-Sharing* Association., were filed- yester
day/ In the- articles- of --both cdrporattons
it •Is stated that ' they purpose : - to . eitgage In !
all lines of' business from mining todairyine
the: members ; to Bhare -the • profits -of ' the 1 ven^
tureg. The capital stock of each, corporation
Is $15,000. 'The directors of . the Workmen are*
A. W.. O. Glbbs and-wlfe,. Hvß.. Worcester'
Miss S. Stuart 'Scofleld and »A. .Van Heekeren!
The directors of ' the De- La ' Roza Company are
A. J. i Thornburg, -. Francis King, . M. 4 H. Loiran
T.; S. Wallls and M. A. Janney. ,. \u0084^;.*\ '
ROSEBBN JUST
MISSES RECORD
MAEis; SHOW GF FIELD
Comes Home Dozen
Lengths Ahead
of Others.
; > '\u25a0*' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0
Gpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— The real feature of
the day" was the fifth race for all ages at
seven furlongs' for which the" best bunch "of
[sprinters In/ training was entered. \u25a0 There
were only three starters and • Roseben gal
loped away,* beat ins his field & dozen lengths.'
The time' for. the race waa only one-fifth, of
a second behind, the .world's record- made' by
The Muskateer -. at ';\u25a0 Saratoga j three years ago,
carrying jps pounds'. It also' lowers Just So's
record made j several days : ago jj . by . , a , f \Ul
second.. ? Summary : ; - ' , • >vy r ;•\u25a0 i i'L-, * . _ -
FIRST. ttACE — One mile;, main' course;' for
maidens; two- year-olds ; purse: -\u25a0• . • ' . ' •
Betting. Horse, -Weight, hotkey/ St: %. Fin;
12 to I—B1 — B Slsnora, 107 (Sewell) 1 "4.^4 1 1
13 to 6— M.of,Tlmb:too,lQ7 (Shw) 3/3-2 2 h
20 to 1-i-Copper, .115 (W. Flschr) 7 7 h 8 %
Time, 1:41. -Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Alhemarle > Stable's eh. f. by Henry of
Navarre-Bella Bonna. Llndule, Conquest, Boy
croft, Ivanhoe. Tweedle. Salt and Pepper, Ari
etta and Brilliant Bass finished as named.
SECOND RACE — About three miles: steeple
chase; for four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jorkey. St. %. Fin.
18 to 6 — Ganzevoort, 185 (Stone) 7 6 2011
sto 2— R. , Rattler, 138 (Fingn) 6 3 3 212
5 to a^BonHre. HO (E.Helder). 2 2 8 8 3
Time, 3:43. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. Johnson's eh. g. by Cllftord-Ethelalr.
Wool Gatherer, Knight of Elway, Big Morgan
and Buck O'Dowd finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; main course;
for maidens; two-year-olds; purse: •
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. " %; Fin.
6to I— T. Alarm. 112 (J.Mrtn) 4 2^& 1 h
25 to I— Elevation, 110 (W.Dvls) 2, 1 2 h
11 to O—G.0 — G. Luck, 112 (W.Buchn) 3 3 2 3 2
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start fair. , Won driving.
Winner, W. H. Snyder's b. c. by Rappallo-The
Alarm Belle. . Meddling Daisy, Sahara, Sam
son, Barberloot, Tambeau, Homelander,
Knighton, LJttle Flea, Menoken and Rose Croix
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; straight;
two-year-olds; the Rancho del Paso stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
\u25a04 to 6— Brk. Nymph, 106 (Shaw) 4 I^l3
30 to I— Oak Duke, 106 (Knapp). 2 3h 21&
12 to I— Athlete. 103 (Crimmins). 1 21^3 6
Time, 1:10 4-5. Start good for all but
Klnleydale. Won handily. . Winner., . H. P.
Whitney's" 'ch. f.- by Meddler-Castalia. . Snow,
Hooray, Klnleydale and Hermitage finished as
named.
.FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. : St. % Fin.
Ito 20— Roseben, 126 (O"Neil).. 1 1 10 1 10
20 to ' I— Chlm. Sweep, 107 (Brns) 4 3 2h.
30 to I— Monet, 100 (Smith)..... 2 2 3 3
Time, 1:25 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, D. C. Johnson's b. g. by Ben Strpme-
Rose Leaf. Three starters.
SIXTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
main course; three-year-olda and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »4 .Fin.
13 to 10— Knt. Errant, 120 (Knap) 2 12 1 h .
.4 to I— Louis H, 102 (Crimmins) 4 4 h 2 2
Bto I— Sailor Boy. 103 (Burns) 5 •2 3 3 4
Time, 2:07. Start good. ', Won driving.
Winner, H. J. Dwyer's b. or br. c. by Trenton-
St. . Mildred. Oro and The Huguenot finished
as named. ' . . . ••
BELMONT PARK EXTRIES.
NEW YORK. OcL :\u25a0 10.— Following are the
entries '.for to-morrow- < at Belmont Park:
' First race, six and a half furlongs, \u25a0 heavy
weight handicap, alt,. nge&— Pat. Bulger 137,
Bonemia 128, New Mown Hay 127, Zeala 125,
Preen 119, Royal Window 117, Masada 118,
Brother Frank 11C, , Ralbert 115, Zienap 115.
Gamara 113, Diamond Flush 112. Old Guard,
108. • . .
Second race, one mile, three-year-olds and
vp — Tyron 105, Juat So 102, Willie Newcorab
10S,VWyeth -100, Kittle Platt 07. Thistle
Heather 97, Klamesha , 97, Irish Witch 97.
Sir- Brillar.-eff, DArkle 92, Oliver Cromwell
CO. Manfred 90.
Third race, 'Seven - furlongs straight, the
Champagne, $5000 added, two-year-olds^ —
Burgomaster 122, Security - 122, - Perverse 119,
Whimsical 119, Oaklawn 117..
Fourth race, the New Rochelle handicap,
$1500 added, three-year-olds and vp — Ortho
dox 114, Dreamer 113, Jacquln 10©, Gold
smith 109, Head Dance 106, Jetsam 108, Shrine
106, Grenade 106, Delphic 103.
Fifth race, \u25a0 seven furlongs, two-year-olds,
selling — Descend 106, Andria'los, Blue Pirate
100, Abo Meyer 97, Birmingham 95, Cats Eye
92. Margaret M. 92, Skyte 92, Townes 92,
Wea 90, Maudfcia 87. Elizabeth F. 87.
i. Sixth race, mile and a half, handicap — Out
come 120, The Southerner 121, '\u25a0 Ostrich 119,
Grenade 115, Benvolio lll.Bouvler 105, Caro- ,
nal 97. \u25a0 -. . . - ..
BELMONT PARK SELECTIONS.
By the "New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Pnt Bulger, Royal Win
dow, Preen..
Second race .— Klamesha, Tyron,
D'Arkle. . . .
Third race— Burgomaster, Security,
"Whimsical.
Fourth race— Shrine, Grenade, Jac
quln. . «.W<; '•!•.- ' •'
Fifth race-^Vea, Birmingham,. Abe
Meyer. .A- <!^*. \u25a0. " ' . .
Sixth race Grenade, - Ostrich, Ben
vollo. \u25a0 \u25a0• r'^%\'^T: v -\u25a0\u25a0•-•/\u25a0" V-- '
."Weather clear: Track fast, rv -
MISSING HUSBAND IS FOUND
AFTER MONTHS OF ! WAITING
T. V. Longmore Goes Insane and Stows
Away ou Sonoma, Bound for
Australia.
T. "V. Longmore, the Santa Cruz restaurant
man, who disappeared from this city several
months ago* has been discovered In Melbourne,
Australia, In a demented condition. His wife
reached this city yesterday morning and will
leave on the Sonoma to . bring him i back. :
Longmbre, who had considerable money on
his ..person at the time of his disappearance,
became suddenly demented, ' and, - remembering
he had a -brother. . in " Melbourne, ;.'\u25a0 he \u25a0 stowed
away on the eteamer Sonoma, -which sailed a
few. hours after he had mailed his last loving
letter to his wife. .When found on board the
steamer he paid his passage money and. was
allowed to continue his Jqurney. ' \u25a0 .
When the steamer reached Sydney his broth
er, Syrus Longmore, waa notified and he at
once wrote to Mrs. Longmore to come after
him. After months -of", waiting 'Mrs. Long
more had given her husband up as a prob
able victim of foul play, and it. is with great
rejoicing : she receives the news of his where
abouts.., • '\u25a0;\u25a0 •' ' . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0J. -•\u25a0 • :. . ' '
POLICE RECEIVE REPORTS \u25a0':' . \u25a0 .:
, OF LOSSES BY CITIZENS
Bnrglars and Sncakthieve* Continue to
- Ply Their. Vocation Through- \u25a0
. .!,\u25a0"- :'-.;, -,; out ; the ; ; City. .:; ; ,> 7;\u25a0' \ :-'-,;: -' -,;
Marcus L. Levy,- .1013 Folsom street, reported
to the police yesterday that his store had been
entered by forcing a: window* open, and arti
cles of the value., of $7 35 stolen.
Gustave Israel, ;.138 Ninth street, reported,
that his- book, store. had been entered through
a rear window and a box of cigars and 20 cents
taken away. ........ ,-.-.... .. \u25a0. ...
Catherine Ortesra, 9278 Howard street, re
ported that -"she called upon - her friend, . Wini
fred . Moran. at ; 035 : Howard street, ; on ' Mon
day, and placed her/ gold watch, and chain,
valued at $35, at the top of a bed. When she
went*for them they .had; disappeared. '. . ..
.Mrs. A. „ Raefeld . of Frultvale reoorted , that
two ; wooden - water " troughs : belonging to her,
valued at $30, had been stolen from. the ocean*
boulevard , . between T , and ' U streets. r # .-.-'. ;\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0;
- A toolhousc at Waller and Belvedere streets
was entered on Monday. night and- tools to the
value of $30 stolen. .. '-,•. .. -.'..>; \u25a0; • - • -•
• Two Runaway Hoys Arrested.
-\u25a0Benny Silver and Waldo Manker.'bbys about
14 ."years of; age.; who from ' home
and ; have _*;been"' selling ;\u25a0 newspapers -. on 'th»
streets, were J arrested by ! Detective'/ Coleman
yesterday, on receipt -of -a letter 'from' J. . Silver, 1
Seattle, ; Wash. :. t -Manker i said > he •\u25a0came: from
Oregon and gave his . stepfather's name as D.
Foresight. .. He .proved to - the •" police ; that •he
was i capable ;of . making his > own - living . and
was 'allowed to . go » free, '.whlla ' Silver i will be
pent back to his father in Seattle. Both boya
lived ; together In, this city. » ',;
\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 V\-: : : :\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0>;> '.::\u25a0'.. >;^> . \ - :-',] :\u25a0 Si-:-:
First Choices and
Outsiders Are
Even Up.
Speclai Dispatch .to Thy Call.
tiATONIA, '.. Oct. 10.— Only an ordinary
card was presented. to a fair sized. crowd
at; Latonia to-day. : The track was 'fast
and the weather pleasant. Three' favor
ites and -three outsiders won. Henry Ach
fell in the first* race and Jockey Schade
was sriven a bad jar.' Summaries: \u0084 v
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs ; three-year-olds
and up; selling: . •; . «• \u25a0• •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to s— Chf Milliken. 100 (Allen) 1-8 h ; 1 2
30 to I— Veranda, «7 Heffcrnan) 1 ..- 4 1 h 2 nk
7to I— Jge Traynor. 102 (Krner) 12 10 2 3 1
Time, ' 1:16,.- Start e00d.,. Won easily. .Win
ner, J. H. 'Baker & Cft.'a br. c 3, by Henry
Young-Charlotte Cushman. Meadow Horn 102,
Clydeo 102, Major Carpenter 102. Iron Tail
104, Vivat.lo4, Heidelberg 100, John Leßcalle
97,' Fusrurtha 104, The Pet 07 finishes as
named. Henry Ach 100 fell. •
SECOND RACE — One mite and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up; celling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
13 to 2fr— Wexford, 93 (Swain) 2 1114
2to I— John L«yle,- 97 (Allen).. 8 2 122
20 to I— Dollnda,- 105 (Perkins). .1 3 2 3ft
Time, 144 4-6. Start \u25a0 good. Won easily.
Winner, Gardner & McSulsky"a b. -g. 3, by
Woolsthorpe-Mlss Toung. i Derrjr 102, Little El
kln 100, finished as named. .
THIRD -.RACE— Six furlongs, two-year-old
maidens; purse:- \u25a0 • \u25a0' •-.
Bettmr.' Horse.Welght. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to I— Ensley. 104 (Sheehan).. 9 12 12
11 to 10— Marvin Neal,lo4 (Nicol) 6 5 h 2 h
15 to I— The Mate, 100 (Russell) 2 8 8-32
Time, 1:16 3-5. Start' fair. Won handily.
Winner, William Gerst's eh. c by \Wools
thorpe-Bracket. Buell 100, Deen : Irent 100,
Oscian 99, | Prince Glenn 104. Baby Joe 100,
finished as named. Zarda 100, fell. Governor
Orman 07. left.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; celling:
Betting. Horee, Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
9to 10— Black Fox. 11l (Hall).. 2 2h 12
18 to s— Felix Mozzes,lo9(Morris) 4 7^22
50 to I— Belltoone, 107 (Shaver).. 0 42 31
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Hughes Bros." blk. g. (7) ! by St. George-
Mario Jansen. Nine 102. Sid Silver 107. Im
mortelle 107. Tempt 102, Fallen Leaf 07, Mer
ces 07 and Jake Greenberg 112 finished as
named. '
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-old
fillies; purse: >
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I—Floes1 — Floes S. 100 (Smart) .... 5 3 n In
10 to I— Follow Fla&,100(Wil!lams) 6 2^23
15 to I— Bitter Brown,loo(Perkins) 3 11 32
Time, 1:151-5.- Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. McDonald's br. f. by Handspring-
Mary Agnes. Valencia 100, Santa Lucia 100,
Inspector Girl 100 and Floral 100 finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to I— Sam Craig, 103 (Allen).. 4 3«Hj
12 to s— Elnr. Howard. 100(£ warm) 3 12 21&
Sto 2— Falernlan, 103 (Morris). . .762 31
Time, 1 :45 3-0. Start good. Won eaally. Win
ner. W. V. Conran'a eh. g. (6) by Eon-Vlffillne.
Florl 105. Gravtna 107, Mintbed 100, Pathos
107. Doeskin 103 and Light Opera 105 finished
as named.
LATOXIA EXTRTES.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 10. — Following are the en
tries for to-morrow at Latonia: •
First race, tlva apd a half furlongs— Blue
Silk 9S, Pauline Boyle 98, Mayme Adam* 98,
Llsbta 93, Grace 98. Sonata 102, Cut Glass 102,
Progression 102. Miss Kitty 102, Addition 102,
Etta M 102, Polly Forest 102, Lady Esther &8,
Tarp 98. . . \u25a0
Second race, one mile and one hundred yards,
celling — Harry Stephens 93, Lionel 93, Arc
Light 98, Brown Vail 98. Bluegrass Girl 98.
Dell Leath 98, Algonquin 98, Stroud 101. Faler
nian 101, Marco 103, Kleinwood 112. . '
Third race, Bix furlongs, selling — Steel Trap
94. Roscoe 97, The Lexingion Leader 98, Sneer
90, Marlin 99, Marco 09. Delagoa 101, Auro
celver 102. Thespian 108, Mallory 110.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course, han
dicap — Jolo 130, Lllliandra 130, Betmuda 130,.
Bluemint ISO, Onyx II 136, Gould 136, Jim Tyr
rell 140.
Fifth race, one mile, handicap — Intense 90.
White Plume 98, Pirate Polly 03, Coruscate 103.
Eetrada Palma 108, John Carroll 117. (Intense
and Whit* Plume, Moore entry).
Sixth race, six furlongs — Yazd 108, Mlngita
103. Chief Hayes 103, Interlight 103. Nlfo 108,
Hogan 113, (Yaxd and Mlngita. Shoulte en
try).
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Bine Silk, Sonata, LUbla.
Second race— Falernlnn, Klein-wood,
Harry Stevens.
Third race— Delagoa, The Lexington
Leader, Thespian.
Fourtb race — Gonld, Bctmudn,
Onyx 11. ,
Fifth race— Moore entry, Pirate Polly,
Coruscate. ' . . .
Sixth race— Nlfo, Schulte entry, Chief
Hayes. <\u25a0
Weather clear. Track fast.
Trotting Races Postponed.
- LEXINGTON. Ky. , . Oct. 10.— The trotting
races were postponed to-day on account of rain.
INSANE PATIENTS RAISE ROW
AT DETENTION HOSPITAL
Antone Lundberg and Mrs. 'K. Hass
Object to Being Removed, to
Asylums.
Antone »Lundberg and Mrs.. K. 'H»ss.' two
Insane patients, made ' a great commotion at
the detention hospital at the City Hair yes
terday. They had both been committed to
State hospitals and it was the attempt of
the officers to remove them that ' caused the
excitement. When Lundberg was taken out of
his cell to be taken to Ukiah he fell upon
the Deputy Sheriffs who had him' in charge
with the ferocity of a wild animal, and prob
ably would have done them serious harm but
for the arrival of the hospital ' stewards. It
took six men to subdue him.
Mrs. Hass was to be removed to Asrnew.
Matron Mrs. Rose Kane was In the act oi
opening the door of the cell when Mrs. Hasa
threw her whole force on It. The door struck
Matron Kane with B uch force that It knocked
her down and came near breaking , her arm.
Mrs. Hass flew through the halls acreamlng
at the - top of her ' voice. She • was finally
caught and sent to the asylum. . _
Chnrges Undue Influence.
.A. contest of the last will of the late Kathe
rine Van " Reed, who dfed. September 7 at the
age of 77 years, leaving an estate valued at
$27,000." " was filed • yesterday by Maggie P.
Biddle, sister-in-law of the;, deceased. Mrs.
Biddle declares that she was a sister of W. E.
Van Reed, husband of the testatrix, who,
upon hia death nine years ago,- left all of-hls
property to his wife. Mrs. Biddle says that
Mrs. Van Reed would have Isft the - estate ; to
her had It not been for the undue influence
exercised over her by Nathan Josephs.. Carrie
Worthlngton and Joseph R. Brandon, who are
named as devisees in the contested wilL
Wealthy Man !\u25a0 Paralyzed.
A. J. : Schener;, a wealthy : resident 01 . Cen
tral America, who has been' living at the
Palace Hotel for several weeks, was stricken
yesterday with paralysis while vtaltlngr friends
and was taken to a private hospital/ His
condition was such last night that little hope
was entertained for his recovery.
ROBS BOOM AND GOES TO SLEEP.—
Frank I Mulligan \ was arrestad yesterday and
charged with burglary. He was found by Joh\
Purcell -yesterday noon as?eep 5 in -hla room at
717 Howard street. »\u25a0 When. searched at' the po
lice' station some marked coins were found on
Mulligan- which Purcell claims are his :prop
erty.v : :/- \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0.-:- \u25a0;'\u25a0\u25a0'_ '\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0•
STRUCK ON ; HEAD BT A BRICK.— John
Hinders, living ii at •» 018 Howard , street. , w««
struck on the. head yesterday by a brick which
fell from ' the third story . of . th« building: \u25a0 at
Sixth and Harrison streets.' where he was work.
Ing. The, brick made a slight scalp wound, but
his akull waa not Injured.
; . - •"\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' 7 " ' : ' " '-,
O'BRIEN SIGNS
WITH KAUFMANN
Billy Delaney's Discovery to
' iTeet Clever Philadelphian
Before Gre^ains' Club
MATCH A BIG A STJEPBISE
Articles Are Finally Drawn
Up Alter a Wrangle Over
Purse and Clean Breaks
Billy Delaney.has evidently altered
hia ,plan<3. concerning his clever young
heavy-weight, Al Kauf mann. for last
night: he, signed up the kid to box
Philadelphia Jack O'Brien before the
San Francisco Club on October 27.
O'Brien is one of \u25a0 the shiftiest lads in
the fighting game, and if everything 13
right, "Kauf mann will have an awful
time before the mill ends.
Kauf mann is going to have the ad
vantage in the weight, but this is not
such a graat big lead when the experi
ence and the ring generalship of the
Philadelphia man are taken, into con
sideration. He has met all kinds and
conditions of boxers from welter
weights up to men of Jeffries' stature
and has beaten most of them.
The match will undoubtedly come
as a big 'surprise to the members of
the sporting fraternity, for it was gen
erally thought that Delaney intended
sending- Kaufmann up against a lot of
easy ones before taking a chance with
the headliners. But if Al manages to
put the clever O'Brien away his fortune
is made, and if he is beaten then he
can take a chance with the dead ones.
O'Brien only arrived from the frozen
North yesterday afternoon, but as
soon as he got' in he began looking for
a match. Greg&ains had a talk with
Delaney and as the latter was willing
to pit Kaufmann against the Philadel
phia star the three got together last
night and after a long wrangle over
terms finally signed articles.
O'Brien, as u/iual,' was dressed in the
latest sort of togs, and wore diamonds
that would make the gems of the Shah
of Persia look like the rankiest kind
of phonies. Jack not only cleaned all
the fighters of the frozen North, but
incidentally picked up a lot of town
lot- and other real estate holdings that
netted him a big pouch of money.
It is likely that Jack Welch will ref
eree the contest. Both O'Brien and De
laney like the Potrero man. but they
inserted a" clause In the articles agree
ing to name the third man In the ring
one week before the fight takes place.
O'Brien Insisted on a clean break, but
Delaney assured him that It would not
go in this village, so the Philadelphian
consented to fight in the clinches and
break at the word of the referee.
OXXARD'S AUTO IS DAMAGED
AND HE HOTFOOT* TO TRACK
Sugar Klnsr Arrives I— , Time to . Get
a Bet Dmvn 'on Bella
Slcnorn.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10. — A punctured auto-|
mobile tire cam« very near preventing H. T.
Oxnard, the beet sugar king., from seeing hl3
colors carried to victory by Bella Signora In
the opening race at Belmont Park to-day. With
his brother and some friends, Oxnard was
speeding 1 along t6 the course, when about three
quarters of a mile from the track, one of the
tires were punctured and consternation reigned.
There was nothing to do but walk the remain
der of the 'distance. Oxnard was In time to
place a modest bet on his entry at the Juicy
odds of IS to 1. It required considerable root-
Ing to get the mare home a winner, but she
caught the eyes of the Judges first.
It exults at Spokane.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Oct. 10. — Result*:
\u25a0 2:10 trot, purse $ICCO — Ov«ta won. Sam Bow
ers second, Kittie Clover third. Best time.
2:25.
Half-mile, running — El&red won. Scorcher
second, B. C. Green third. Time, :51.
Six furlongs — Peter J won. Miss Raphael sec
ond. The Pride- third. Time. 1:13.
Washington State selling stake, live furlongs,
purse $500 — Sad Sam won. Cerro Santo second.
Golden Buck third. Time. l:C0.
One mile, selling — Tom Rlley won. Suburban
Queen second. Autohood third. . Time, 1:48.
Athletes ' Honor Roosevelt.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10. — Because of the In
terest he has taken in the work of the Publlo
Schools Athletic League President Roosevelt
was" yesterday elected to the office of vice
president - of that organisation at a meeting
of the executive committee. The league is
one of - the largest organizations devoted to
sports and athletic pastimes In the world.
Flshlngr Prospects Bright.
REDDING, Oct. 10. — The United States flah.
cry at Baird will break all records this year
in the number of eggs taken. The summer
run just end*ed has resulted In a take of eight
million eggs and the fall fishing begins next
week. . There are now one million fry hatched
in the building ready to plant in the river.
.Vanderbllt's.LnniLnense Wins.
•PARIS, Oct. 10.— W. K. Vanderbnt's Lu
mineuse won tha Prix d« Trappes at Ifaisoa
Lafltto to-day.
IF YOU WANT TO BE CURED
Pick out the men who hare*
. ft)*«7^!» i» \ a?L ' ln their hearts and a
CKjgvV* "»\ \V \ ctaap^of the hand^ that tella
jfagm x f ,|, -I t \ Have you rheumatlam and
jh*F?S&r IX. "<^~ "*^^ \ V I hack pains, a dull achr and
fffi&fLf ' \, jj weakness over the kidneys,
' jagy t \ " V,, 4 " '~=^^ > -— — "ZS^^^ . losing: your vitality? Do you
'&t&3 1 V \ •"~^s/"'*' 4ajtffst4£r tee * yourself crrowinE: agree!
Saw A % v v */ y^^S^Hf before your tirnt-? Arc yon
&?f \s. \ V.. / >Q^S^K4HE^ nervous, sleepless, short of
Ksf ivfei i %V ~* > '/ «^S™to * memory and lacking: tn
fVa /a \\ 1 • • I *%«Km . spirit and aolf-oonrtaem'e?
R «^7?Jwv\\l Kil y^4t .I / 3&fi#s3&y& Do you know that you. ar«
i %^&l>u^^' 1 t^^^ffi^v not - c man you would Ilk *
.^^ el^rlrUy supplies. My Beli;
«^fe/7iN^\"^pS^^^*l^>^ W H> come to me you will'
I beliove that the boat «vld«>nc« la the word of un.honest man who »ays.
"IOU CIHtED ME." , \u25a0•\u25a0.-. -
X«n M«rtln, Cat. |. ~~" -^
Dr.- McLaughtin— m*r nir: t-c*nnot and , Wherever you are I thliik' :
words to «>pnn my «t*tttu.t# la >t»ii for the wncrcver yuu ate. * "^""^
help your U«»lt lum U«n t» •««•., The Uune jvc _-_ vc VQU t i, e name of
back, the tendency 'toward WlK«i»n««^ «u\«J . : * can B ive you tne name °*
what uiod to troubU m* roo»t; th* kidney _.__ zL. _^\u0084_ »«„_ *u-* t-
- compumt. *tm ait »©n*. t c»nn.n «tv« you» * man in your town tnat 1. .
Belt-too much prala* for «!»• «txj4 It h»* dono . , \u25a0- «
mn. a v truly • UiHi-wna tit mankinds have cured. Just send ,rae •
WNhlnr you continual •«««•• In your sood • ",* !
work, i Nmmti," Yoyr« tf*««ruiiy. » -your address and let me try.
A. f. IVMKI>f. I J '' -•' .•; ;
Thin- la my tw»>it> \u25a0fiMn»l» »f*r In ihe bu*tn*«« of pumpinc new vim Into worn-.
out humanity. «n<V t* v* a<it cur** tn n« A rly «v*ry town on th« map. w2; +\u25a0
Conio mnl poo mo If »»«» >\u25a0»». >i«i'l I'll n< j,m» up. or If you can't call, writ- to',
me. l'vfl jioi a til<» K'»U >M\ ut«u ttmt t'u Mml *eftl«d frte If you tncloae.tht» ad. $'!'.'
Tlr Wl Cj Mcl fllKrhlin • 6 Mark^ Street^
UIU I • IT &• \J • XT I V L-i IX LI^ II I I 11 , iboTi tllii. flu TnatiM*. ' \
-"-. *'f>tfl>^ h»un>*-l> m, w«to'>* p. m. IV»»l»y».' 10 to'J. Not «014 rn,4ra» »tor««. " ;
EDITED BY I
R. A. SMYTH
SANTA CLARA
CANNOT SCORE
Cardinal Babes Wade In and
Keep on Jfightiiiir Till"
They ltoll Up Ten Points
SPEEDY WORK PREVAILS
Hoimnu Brings Joy to the
Stanford Rooters by Mak
ing: a Pretty Meld Goal
Special Dispatch to Th* CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. Ift.—
The freshmen to-day won from the
crack eleven of Santa Clara College by
the score of 10 to 0 in the last practKii
game of the season. The yards in/
every instance were fought for from
the beginning- to the end of the contest.
The number of times the water carrier
and Dad Moulton were called on to the
field was proof enough of the fierceness
of the play.
Santa Clara put the leather Into play
and for the first five minutes the ball
changed hands constantly, neither side
being able to gain their yards many
times consecutively. In this period of
scrimmage the youngsters of the car
dinal managed to three times approach
within scoring distance, but were re
pulsed each time. The ball was finally
brought to the twenty-five-yard streak
and the surprise of the day was then
enacted.
Holman, who has hitherto never dis
played any ability to boot the ball,
gave the signal for a field groal and on
a clever drop kick placed the leather
squarely between the sticks. The half
closed with no further scoring.
Stanford opened the second spasm
with a rush and, with the combined
work of the back field and the use of
the tackle around tackle play, forced
the ball over for a touchdown. Cuth- 1 '
bertson was the man directly responsi
ble for the five points. Holman kicked
the goal. Score. 10-0. The play for the
remainder of the game was particu
larly fierce and men on both teams
were laid out promiscuously. The ball
at the time of the sounding of the final
whi3tle was in Stanford's possession at
the center of the gridiron. The line-up
was as follows: i
Stanford. Positions. Santa CTarX-
Tower. Jackson R-E-L Doherety
Cuthbertson.
Dalton. Woodward. R-T-L Plank
Hihn, Wlldeman,
Robinson R- O-L Graft, Bogl*
Doane. Barmore. .*... .Center Patrick.
Mlnturn L-G-R Murphy
Johnson L-T-R Agueriere
Owen. Blood. 8e!1. .. L-E-R Whaien
Holman. Heilley Quarter Ka'.nl
Palmer. Myers R-11-L Donlan
Torney. Stolz L-H-R Bazell
Goodell. Ellis Fullback Schm,it3
Referee, Mortality; umpire. Burynes. Halves,
fifteen minutes.
BRITISH PEER WANTS TO
MIOW US SOME FOOTBALL*
Sir Charles Klrkpatriek** Ansoetatlon
Team Arrives In .Yew York After
[.our Ll.it of Victories.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Sir Charts Klrkpat
rick and h's tsam of English Amateur' As
sociation football players arrived Tier<» last
night. The Britishers, who are traveling un
der the name of the Pilgrims, arrived at Mon
treal on September 2. Since that time they
have played thirteen games, winning ten. los
ing two and drawing one. Tha mission of. the
Britishers is to demonstrate to the American
people the advantages of association football as
a sport over the game played by the college
teams. '.rri',-- <\u25a0<
The members of the team have witnessed
several college football games and emphatically
declare the game Is not football at j all. but
_ test of brute strength with very little science.
Captain Mllnes voiced the sentiment of tha
members of his team yesterday when he said:
"I cannot r*e much merit In the football
game as played by the American colleges. It
Is unscientific and puts a premium on brut*
strength. Th* game we play la skillful, sci
entific and easy to understand."
The visitors will remain in this city ur<d£
Friday afternoon when they will lea~e for "IvWf
Rtver, where they will play en Saturday. Th\?
will return to New York the next day and
bexin practice for the match with All-New
York on Saturday, October 21. Invitations
will be sent to several of the presidents and
members of the faculties of th* btg Eastern
colleges to witness the came.
LOS AXGELES GIRL OUT
OF BIG GOLK TOUmf-TT
Miss Ada X. Smith Falls to Qualify,
but Lands In Consolation
Handicap.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10. — In the women" s na
tional golf championship tournament, which to
being played at the links of the Morris County '
Golf Club. Merristown, N. J.. Miss Ad*. N.
Smith of Los Angeles la out of t_» contest for
the honor. Miss ?m!th failed to qualify yes
terday In the medal play round, but to-day lit
a consolation handicap she tied with H!sa Dolly
Miller of the Morris County Club with a net
score of S2 for the trophy donated, by President
Thomas .' . "].
In the first round of match play to-day far
the championship. Miss Margaret Curtis of
Manchester. Mass.. beat Mrs. R. H. Barlow of
Philadelphia. ?up and 3to play. Mis 9 Paultn*
Mackay of Brookltne. Mass.. beat her club
mate. -U33 E. S. Porter. S up and 3 to play.IS DISCHARGING
FAMAGED CARGO
Work of Cleariiig ALameda
<>i V> ater-boaiied Frelglit
HVill Be Finished To-Day
AIIGO IS AFLOAT AGAIN
Coaster Which Stranded on
the Eel River Bar Is
Pulled Into Deep Water
The liner Alameda, the punctures in
her hull covered with temporary patches,
is at Greenwich street wharf
Ihe water soaked remains of her cargo.
Prompt action taken the day she strand
ed resulted in saving about two-thirds of
the liner's freight in good condition. The
passengers' baggage also was landed that
day, dry and in as good condition as
•^.hen placed on board. The work of dls-
the damaged cargo will be fin
ished to-day, and then no time will be
lost removing all traces of the mishap.
Specifications for the outside work have
been prepared. As soon as the vessel is
cleared of cargo she will be carefully
surveyed and specifications prepared for
Fuch Interior repairs as may be neces
eary. Bids will be invited and at an
early day the Alameda will be turned
over to the successful bidder to be put
Into first class shape.
The underwriters believe that inside of
two months she will be ready to go into
commission again.
Tbe Overdue Lint.
The reported finding of wreckage on the
beach of West Faulkland Island. August 13.
1 • suited yesterday in placing the names of
two British vessels on the overdue list. The
wreckage consisted of a piece of packing casa
riarked "Newcastle." The ship Forteviot,
\u25a0which left Shields, May 24, for this port,
v. as quoted for reinsurance at 20 f>er cent and
the bark Kilinallie. irom Shields, May 22, for
Tacoma, was posted at 10 per cent.
The British ship RenfteM. which was quoted
for reinsurance at 5 per cent, has arrived at
rrtemantle.
The other overdue* are quoted as follows:
Edmund. 35 per cent; St. Donatiea, 10 per
cent; Principality. 90 per cent, and Affezione,
15 per cent.
Arco Is Floated.
The steamer Argo, which went ashore th»
ether day on the Eel River bar, was floated
yesterday afternoon and is now at Port Ken-
I ;n. The first attempt to pull the Argo Into
Cerp water fsdled. The vessel i.-= thought to
Imve escaped serious Injury. The extont of
th-, damage to the hull, ii any, will not be
M R> until she has been placed en the dry-
A Comprehensive Clearance.
The oil carrying ; barkentine Fullerton and
the steamer Argyll, which carries liquid fuel
aad also tows the Fullerton back and forth
l«:ween this coast and the Hawaiian islands,
fc.ade an unusually comprehensive clearance
j-sterday which is indicative of the dislike
lor delay in the oil trade. They cleared at
this port for ••Kahului via Monterey or Port
Harford and Kihei direct, as weather may
permit."
Miles of Drifting Planks.
The steamer Chehalis. which arrived yes
terday from Grays Harbor, reports that on
tlit- way down the coart she passed for about
tt-p tr.ii«-s through drifting Ix 4 planking, evi
dently the deckload of some coasting vessel.
Machinery Breaks Down.
The Eteam txhooner Sequoia, which left here
Monday for the north, returned from sea yes
ttjday on account of disabling her machinery.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Items of Interest to Mariners and Ship
pins Merchant*.
The lank steamer Argyll and the tank baxk
• nt:ne Fullerton were cleared yesterday for
Kahului via Kihei. Beth vessels will be
la ;. n with crude oil at Monterey or Port Har
ford. The Anaryll will take 2T>,000 barrels.
\u25a0va!u«»d at $US,()OC, and the Fullerton will carry
15,000 barrels, velued at $21,0C0.
Charter*.
\u25a0 The latest charters reported are: The ship
Crr.iiy K«-<I <<?a route to San Francisco), lum
*».- rrom Puset Sound or Brltlrh Columbia to
ePT. \u25a0::\u25a0•>• at 31s 3d, chartered in England: bark-
tfntin* S. G. Wilder, same business Imm Puget
Bound to Guajmas; barken ti no Kohala (on
I'u~it Sound) coal from Tacoma and mer
chandise from San Francisco to Champerico
<!urrjj sum of 110.000), chartered prior to ar
rival; bark Kaiulaci, merchandise from this
pert to Honolulu.
Shipments by the I'aebla.
The stramer City cf Puebla sailed on Satur
day for Victoria with an a; sorted merchandise
cargo consigned to various British Columbian
pert*, valued at ?11,t;>5 and including the fol-
Jc.ving-:
75.2' At lbs dried fruit, ."50 lbs raisins, 737
pkgm fr«sh fruity fe'i j'kgf fret.h vegetables, s<)
I ;>; onions, *'!'\u25a0) Ins Kariic. 175s lbs beans, 40.59
lbs oof';".. •i2s'« lbs tapioca. 4:;. V) lbs sago. 7950
II s meals, Zt os canned poods, 40 pkgs pre
pared Call. S>4 lbs s-^fcos. 572 sks salt, 000 lbs
-chocolate, 4 pkirs provisiens. Cll gals 1 cs wine,
*• cs brandy, incs lbs leaf tobacco, 2 rolls leath
er Tji cs drugf», 7 cs arms and ammunition,
V 5" cyls gar, BQ£9Q lbs wood puip, 1075 lbs axle
cr»ass. S3 roil«< netting. 5J rkgs dry goods.
n.e steamer al«> carried 50 rolls leather.
v-::-,J at J-"2l<is, en route to Yokohama, and
2r..(«.0 !b« iiriod fruit and 1405 lbs beans,
valued at !}ll3O, fcr Northwest Terrlton'-
A Car^ro for 11110.
Tbe bark Amy Turner sailed yesterday for
Hfi'i with en assorted cargo. vaJusd at ?55,fi70.
Atncas the princiijal ehipments. were the fol
lowing: 38 tbls nour; 105 ctls \u25a0 wheat. 3008
«t 1 tarley li« 6 ctls oats, ICS ctls corn, .S5O
tia!^ hay 57.173 lbs bran. 20,220 lbs mid
dKr.ps, ES2O lbs b«»ans, ZCO lbs 0 cs mlllsluffs.
SO.OOO lbs salt. 3C»^il lbs 3 cs codfish, SC7O gals
wine. tr2% erals whisky. 10 cs liquors, 10 cs gin,
25 caskg beer, t»'-WO lbs lard. 2100 lbs bread,
,I«>S lbs butter. 8"6 ibs cheese. 7945 lbs su-
St, £74 cs earned goods. SS3 cs 31 tbls eal
r.. 750 pkga potatcs. "A c.rts onlcns, 50,000
lbs ri<^!,' 12 pk£j= paste. !H!) lbs hara and ba
cin. 30 pke^ groceries and pj-ovisions. 7 cs
tftWe preparations. 320 lbs 4 cs chocolate, 7tol
11-s tobacco, ll.Oitf) ft lumber, 172.0f»0 lbs fer
tiliser. 4SO bxs scap. 174 cs 1 bbl oil, 277 pkgs
p.-irts. 42 colls rope, 2 pksrs machinery, 14
brf'.s i cs leuther. ICOO redwood posts, 40 cs
Baseline 10 cs matches. 53.000 bricks. 1000
bbls Mrne. 28 pkps paper, 10 bbls tar. 90 pkgs
wason material, 10 cs dry goods.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The Ftcamcr City of Topeka, which sailed on
Saturday for Guaymas. had a reneral m*r
chaniiifre cargo consigned to the port of destina
tion ar.d other Mexican ports, valued at $51,535
end including- the following: 2749 gals 7 cs
wine. 214 g&ls 132 cs whisky. 133 cs mineral
water 5 cs eplrits, 127 gals vinegar, 48,000 lbs
\u25a0J0- (naif a glass), frees QB
relieves Constipation
|fift and cleanses the eys- S 3
isj| tern. The superiority 9 9
Ws7, "HCWYADI JANOS" |111 1
W/i&£ oTer other Laxative |3i!js
trpfe Waters i» acknowl- ipSjl
'HH awarded tbe Grand I|||
j-'". Prize at the St. Louis R|j|
jj&j? Take the best cure fig 1 1
sugar, 60,605 lbs malt. 4430 lbs rice, i>l29 lbs
tea 5121 lbs coffee, 27 ctls wheat, 61(50 lbs
dried fruit 420 lbs raisins, ioJ cs canned goods.
01 cs salmon, 73 cs table preparations, 402
pkgs fresh fruits, 12 pk6s fresh vegetables, 412
pkgs potatoes. 205 i^kgß onions, 4099 lbs 1 cs
spices, ISC pkss paste, 5114 lbs 19 cs millstuffs,
1522 lbs sago, 2.100 lbs 0 cs butter, 443 lbs «i
cs cheese, 820 lbs pearl barley, 632 lbs dried
peas, 47 cs baking powder. SIC lbs bread, 50s
lbs nor*. 1036 lbs ham and baccn, 13 pkgs
olives. 52 pkgs groceries and provisions, 100
flasks quicksilver. 702 pkgs machinery, i)l pkgs
nails and spikes. 17 cs drugs and sundries, 252
pkgs paints and oils, 28 cs 2 bbls tar, 28 pkgs
96 pcs pipe 371 pkgs 134 pcs steel, 60 bdls 530
pcs iron. 113 steel rails. 15.210 lbs soda, 21
pkgs dry goods. 31,4t3 lbs tallow, 5 cs arms
and ammunition, 13 cs turpentine, 35 pkgs pa
per. 9 cs electrical goods, 7 cyls gas, ICI6
bdls shooks. 2398 lbs gambler, 25 pkgs wind
mill. 0 cs tuse, 4 cs hats, 100 cs coal oil, 30
pkgs acid. 106 pkra rope.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . From. | Due-
Tiffer Tacoma (Oct. 11
Elizabeth Coqullle River 'Oct. 11
Abydos ! Hamburg & Way Ports. l Oct. 11
J. Higgins... Sen Pedro jOct. 11
Aurelia Portland & Astoria .Oct. 11
Pomona Humbcldt jOct. 12
Porno Point Arena & Albion. |Oct. 12
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports.Oct. 12
Phoenix j Crescent City iOct. 13
American . . N. Y. via San Diego. .[Oct. 13
Nome City. . .• ! Seattle (Oct. 13
Coronado j Grays Harbor ;Oct. 13
Quetn \u25a0 Puget Sound Ports jOct. 13
San Pea ro i Grays Harbor [Oct. 13
Eureka j Humboldt lOct. 13
M. F. Plant.. 1 Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.,Oct- 14
Anubis I Hamburg & Way Ports. ;Oct. 14
Bonita (Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Roanoke (Portland & Way Ports. |Oct. 14
Arstraa j China and Japan jOct. IS
Vanguard i=an Pedro [Oct. 15
Gennanicus.. Oyrter Harbor (Oct. 15
North Fork.. ! Humboldt jOct. 15
Redondo I Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 15
Acme i Willapa Harbor lOct. 15
G. Lindaucr. .• Grays HarDor jOct. 15
Breakwater. . I Coos Bay Oct. 15
Corona ! Humboldt |Oct. 15
Sea Foam I Mendocino & Pt. Arena, Oct. 15
Arctic : Humboldt lOct. 15
Columbia i Portland & Astoria Oct. 1C
State of Cal..! Han Diego & Way Pts.jOct. 16
Amer. Maru..! China & Japan iOct. 17
City Sydney..' N>ew York via Ancon..'Oct. 18
Coos Bay '?an Pedro \u25a0& Way Pts|Oct. 18
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports ....;Oct. 18
Centralia \u25a0 Grays Harbor lOct. IS)
Nebraskan... : Honolulu & Kahulul. ..Oct. 19
Waddon Iquique lOct. 19
Enterprise... I Hilo jOct. 21
Costa Rica. . I Portland & Astoria |Oct. 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer. 1 Destination. Sails.! Pier.
October 11. I
Despatch... Astoria & Portland 5 pmlPier 10
Homer Astoria & Portland' |Pler —
Corona 'Humboldt l:3op;Pi«r 9
Arctic Humboldt 0 am:Pler 2
Sea Foam., j Point Arena 4 pm,Pier 2
j October 12. I
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 5 prr.|Pier 20
State of Cal San Ditto & Way. 9 am|Pier 11
W Kixger.j Astoria & Portland. 12 mJPier 2
Korea ..' China <i Japan...' 1 pin^Pier 40
Bonoma j Sydney & Way Pts; 2 pnvPler 7
I'matilla. .. Puget Sound Portaill amjPier 9
Newburg...' Grays Harbor 2 pm;Pler 10
Cascade....! Grays Harbor .| 5 fm|Pler 2
; October 13. 1
\u0084 \u0084 ri »_. , Los Angeles Ports 5 pmiPiet Hi
T>=iri<»r Seattle & Bcirham 2 pnvPier 10
r^Bay" I San Veiro & Wa >'- 9 o-m Pier 11
C^onado "i Los An * eles Ports. ,10 am! Pier 10
Octoiicr 14. I
\u0084 , p iC o Astoria & Portland 11 amjPier 21
I'orro ~ Pt - Arena & Albion] « pmjPler 2
Roanoke". LtS Angeles Ports.) 7 prnjl'ier 5
V?,r £» Astoria & Portland! 5 pm|Pler 2f
ntvTnam x - V - via Ancon..'!l2 mj Pier 40
f> "*clwn i Seattle & Tacoma. 9 am|Pier 20
Pomona V.I Humboldt l:3opiPier »
October 15. |
Vanguard.. Humboldt 5 pm! Pier 27
Bu«ka 'Humboldt 9 am! Pier 5
M F Plant l ° 06 Ua >' 4 pmiPier —
Sa « Die E° & WaJ'M » ami Pier 11
Northland.- Astoria & Portland 2 pm|Picr 27
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor .... 2 pm: Pier 10
Octoner 17. I
Breakwater Coos Bay 5 pm'Pler 8
MartTOsa... Tahiti direct 11 amlPier 7
out en .. Puget, Sound, Ports. 11 amiPler 9
BomtaV Newport & Way.. 9 am|Pier 11
October 18. I
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am] Pier 20
Octobrr 10. I
G Lindauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pm'Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
October 20. I
Oregonian . . New York direct | Pier 23
October SI; 1
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm|Pier 40
San Juan.. N V via Ancon [12 m |Pier 40
. FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. 1 Destination. | Sails.
Dora Valdez & Seward ....foct. 12
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. !Oct. 13
Santa Clara. . V a.uez & Seward (Oct. 14
Dolphin I Ekasway & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Santa Ana. .. I Seward & Way Ports.. -Oct. 10
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. JOct. 20
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. [Oct. 25
Edith I Yaidez & Seward |Oct. 20
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.,' Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 10, 19rt5.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to— day —
1. c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. xn.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon anil Tide.
. United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Kort, >*olnt. entrance to San Francisco
Pay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent, i
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the City front wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. . \u25a0
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 11.
Eun rises '........6:15
Sun sets \u25a0- '.....5:39
Moon sets •- 4:12 a. m.
O 'Time Tlmel Time ITJme
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• !L W [H W[ L. W |H W
11 jJTEo l.o;iO:S4l 5.2 4:25 1.5110:44 4~9
12 4:23 1.3 11:01 5.2 5:00 1.3 11:28 4.8
13 4:55 1.0.11:22 5.2 5:32 1.1
IH W 11. W H W L. W
14 10-10 4.7 5:25 1.9 11:48 5.1 0:03 0.8
15 0:53 4.5 5:6" 2.2 12:07 5.1 6:31 0.8
16 \u25a0 1:35 4.3 8:38 2.5 12:25 6.0 7:13 a?
17 |2:22 4.2| 7:03| 2.5|12:55| s:o| 7:55| 0.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the' tides
the .early morning tides are given' in' the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tidee, as
cometlmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings 'of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus {— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,: OCTOBER 11-1905.
STEAMER AROO WHICH "WAS
PULLED OFF THE EEL RIVER
BAR YESTERDAY.
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low watere.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 10.
Stmr Aberdeen, Kelly, 70 hours from Grays
Hartor.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 37 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr W. H. Krugcr, Martin, 72 hours from
Astt>iia.
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Harold Dollar, Sears, 51 hours fron.
San Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements, hence Oct 9, for
Eureka, returned on account of disabled ma
chinery.
Stmr Despatch, Weber, 16 hours from Santa
Cruz.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Preble, 85 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 78 hours from Bel
lincham.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Schr Confianza, Chelmens. 18 hours from
Notleys Landing.
Schr Rio Rey, Pohl, 11 hours from Bowen»
Landing (laying moorings).
Schr Cecilia Sudden, Hellesen, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 10.
Stmr Argyll, Monroe, Kahulul, via Monte
rey or Port Harford and Kihel or Honolulu
direct, as weather may permit: Union Oil Co.
Br ship Euphrpsyne, Thomson, Portland; E.
C. Evans.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hilo; Welch
& Co.
Bktn Fullerton, MacKechnie, Kahulul, via
Monterey or Port Harford and Kihel or Hon
olulu direct, as weather may permit; Union
Oil Co.
SAILED.
\u25a0Tuesday. October 10.
Stmr 'Centralla, Erickson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Celia. Har)9en, Albion River.
' Stmr South Coast. Paulsen. CasDar.
Stmr Chehalis, Johnson. San Pedro.
Btmr Xorth Fork, Nelson, Kureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr South Bay, Andresen. Portland.
Stmr Mncxte, Corning. Halfmoon Hay.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, Kureka.
Stmr Oakland, Hushes, Siuslaw.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Cann, Monterey.
Stmr Asuncion, McKellar, Portland.
Stmr Rival, Halvorsen, Bowens Landing.
I Stmr Breakwater, Johnson, COO 3 Bay.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olscn, Grays Harbor.
Ship Star of France, Hope, Port Gamble.
Fr bark La Tour d'Auvergne, L* Seven, Ant
werp.
Bark Amy Turner. Warland, Hllo.
Schr Halcyon. McDonald, Altata.
Schr Rio Key, I'ohl, Kuswlan Gulch.
Schr Bessie X, Stark, Hfin Vicente Landing.
i-chr Stanley, Wall.-nrdi. Pirate Cove.
SPOKEN.
Per Btmr Chehalis— Oct S, 14 miles WNW of
Cape Blanco, bark Carrollton, from Port Gam
ble, for- San Francisco (all well), and not
schr Falcon, as reported.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 10, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy and calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOM A— Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Nebraskan,
from Seattle.
TATOOSH— Passed out Oct 10— Bktn Dia
mond Head, from Tacoma, for San Pedro; Br
Ehiu Verbena, from Bellinsliam, for Taltal.
Passed out Oct 10 — Stmr Robert Dollar, from.
Seattle, for Honolulu.
Passed Inward Oct 10 — Br ftmr Empress of
Jacan, from Yokohama, for Vancouver, B C.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr
Marshneld. hence Oct .).
NOME— Sailed Oct 10— Schr Snow & Bur
gess, for Port Townscnd.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 10 — Schr Argus,
hence Oct 6.
Sailed Oct 10 — Schr Corinthian, for San Fran
cisco. . • ,
Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr laqua, from San. Pedro.
EVERETT— SaiIed Oct 10— Schr David Ev
ans, fcr. : Manila.
BANDON — Sailed Oct 10— Schr Coqullle,
etmr Elizabeth and schr C. T. Hill, for San
Francisco. \u25a0 \u2666
BELLINGHAM — Arrived Oct 9 — Schr G. J.
Wood, from San' Pedro.
UMPQUA— SaiIed Oct o— Schr Lucy, for San
Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Oct 8, with echr Jennie
Stella in tow; schr Jennie Stella, Uehce Oct
8, # in tow of stmr National City.
MUKILTEO— Arrived Oct 10— Scar Carrier
Dove, hence Sept 23.
REDON DO— Arrived Oct 10— Schr "Winslow,
from Olyrr^ia.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Oct 10— Bktn
Kohala, from Shanghai. Passed in — Schr Car
rier Dove, hence Sept 23. for Mukiltco; schr
Luzon, .from Port Los Angeles, for Everett.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr City of
Pucbla, hence Oct 7. \u25a0
Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Farallon, for Skagway.
Sailed Oct 10, 10:30 a m— Stmr Oueen, for
San FrancUco. ' •
Sallcl Oct 9— Stnr* Nebraskan. for Tacoma. •
Sailed Oct 10 — Br ship Californian, for
Qut-enstown.
PORT HADLCCK — Sailed Oct 6— Schr Me
teor, for Sr.u PeUro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Melville
Dollar, hence Oct 6. \u25a0 -.-\u25a0•. . \u25a0 . \u25a0 .-;
Sailed Oct 10— Sh Id Berlin, for San Fran
cisco < '- -
Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Alliance,, from Eu
reka; stmr Bee. hence Oct 0. ' \u25a0 .„\u25a0\u25a0-• \u25a0
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 10— Bktn Re
triever, \u25a0 from Port Hadlock. . ; . .. •
Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran-
Cisco.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct o— Stmf.Coos
Bay, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 9, 0:15 p m— Stmr Coos Bay, for
San Francisco. •
Arrived Oct 10, 11 a m— Barge 93 in tow tug
Sea Rover, hence . \u25a0 >\u25a0 . -\u25a0
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 10 —
Stmr Vanjruard. hence Oct 8. .- >
Sailed Oct , 10 — Ger : stmr ' Abydos, for San
Francisco: stmr .Vanguard, for San Pedro.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Oct 10— Ship Benjamin
F. Packard, for Puget Sound.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Oct o—Schr0 — Schr Alert,
for San Pedro; schr R. C." Slade, and schr
Charles ' R. Wilson, for San Francisco; 6tmr
Coronado, for ' San Pedro; stmr San Pedro, . for
San Francisco. • - \u25a0->. ' . • ,'
ABERDEEN— SaiIed Oct 10— Stmr Coronado,
for San Pedro; stmr- San- Pedro, for -San Fran
cisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Oct 10— Chll ship
Weather Heport.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time). -
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct, 10—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day: .
Cincinnati 80-53 New York .80-BS
Boston 08-40; Pi ttsburg 80-50
Jacksonville 82-72 [Washington 82-5-1
St. Louis 74-48' New Orleans.. ...84-72
Chicago .80-50; Honolulu. H. T. . .82-70
Philadelphia .....84-5U|
SAN FRANCISCO ...84-60
THE COAST RECORD.
1'rocipitatton. .
State of
Weather.....
Direction of
Wind :..
Minimum
Temperature.
Maximum
Temperature,
Barometer
o
Baker 80.44 53 26 SE Clear .00
Carson 30.28 60 Z0 XE Clear .00
Eureka 30.08 74 44 W Clear .00
Fresno 30.02 80 54 W Clear .00
SE. Farallon.. 30.03 79 GS N\V Clear .00
Flagstaff 30. 14 50 26 E Clear _00
Independence .HO. 12 74 44 E Clear rOO-
Los Angeles... oo. oo .02 54 "W ;; Clear .00
Jit Tanialpai9.3o.il 74 62 \u25a0NB Clear ; .00
North Head... 30. 14 74 64 N Clear .00
Phoenix 20.0 ii 90 50 SW Clear .00
Pt Reyes L.t..30.01 83 GG NE Clear, .00
Pocatellai 30.48 X>2 24 W Clear .00
Portland 30.10 Cfi 4CW Clear .CO
lied Bluff 30.04 86 62 N Clear .00
Koseburg 30.08 74 42 NW Clear .00-
Sacramento ..30.04 82 52 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.42 r>2 32 NW Clear .00
San Francisco.3o.fMi S4 CO NW Clear .00
San Jose r.0.02 00 48 W Clear .oft.
San L.. ObiRpo.SO.CrJ 84 50 SW Clear .00
San Diego 29.98 74 5»( W Clear .00
Seattle 30.14 04 .13 NW Cloudy .00
Spokane ......30.44 54 32 E Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 50. 12 58 50 E Cloudy .00
Walla Wa11a.. .",0. 38 62 36 NW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .30.30 00 50 NE Clear .00
Yuma ..30.00 00 CO N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The weather continues clear over the western
half of the country. The temperature is above
the normal throughout California. Afternoon
temperatures In the great valleys range 80 to
BC' degrees and along the coast from.l-ios An
gnles to San Francisco between >85 and 00 de
grees.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 11:
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
cooler; fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
light east changing to westerly winds.
Sacramento Valley — Fair Wednesday; not bo
warm; fresh north wind. *
San Joaquln • Valley — Fair Wednesday; light
north wind. .
Coast — Fair Wednesday; cooler; fresh west
wind. \u25a0 *\u25a0»
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Curzon, for West Coast South America; bark
Yonemlte. for Valparaiso.
SE\TTLE — Arrived Oct 10 — Jap etmr Kan
agav/a Maru. from Yokchama. via Victoria.
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Tremont, for Japan and
ChlCa " EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 9 — Ship Tlllle E.
Starbuck, from Philadelohla.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 10— Bark S. D.
Carleton and bark Louisiana, from Newcas
'hONOLULU— Sailed Oct 10-^-Bktn Irmgard,
for Can Francisco; U S stmr Sherman, for San
FrancUcc. ! , >
Arrived Oct 10— Jao stmr America Maru,
from Yokohama, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANCON— Sailed Oct io— Stmr Peru, for San
Francisco. - \u25a0
FREMANTLE— Arrived Oct 10— Br ship Ren
field, from Lcndon.
VICTOKI A— Arrived Oct 10— Ja» stmr Kan
asawa Maru, from Yokohama. \u25a0
' Arrived Oct -10 — Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Yokohama, for Vancouver, B. C.
CALCUTTA— Arrived Sept 23 — Br stmr Am
berton. from Manila. \u25a0 \ ' \u25a0
CORONEL — Arrvled Sept 14— Br stmr Lady
Arr.istryiK. from Valparaiso, for New York;
Ger stnir Rameses, irom Hamburg, for San
Francisco. —. „
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 2< — Br stmr
Lowther Castle, from . New York. t
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Sept 24— Ger
stmr Dendefah. from Hamburg, for San Fran
ciixo.
Sailed Sent 22 — Ger stmr Hathor, for Hara-
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Shaw
mut, from Seattle., .
SHIMONOSEKI— Arrived Sept 26— Br stmr
AborKeldlo, from Yokohama. „
SYDNEY— SaiIed Oct is— Br stmr Moana, for
Vancouver. • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: •
Arrived Oct 10 — Br stmr Aorangl, from Van
couver. .\u25a0\u25a0 . - .........
NASUA— Sailed S«pt 20— Br stmr Queen Al
exandrie. for .
. NAGASAKI— SaiIed Oct 7— U S stmr Logan,
for San Francisco, 'via- Honolulu.
MELBOURNE — Arrived urior Oct 10— Br
stmr Cane Breton, from New York. \u25a0• .
OUAYMAS — Arrived Oct .V^Schr Alice Mc-
Donald, from Grays Harbor. . ;
I VICTORIA — Sailed Oct 10--Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco. . .
OCEAN STEAMF.RS.;
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg.- \u25a0
.Memoranda. \u25a0 . - .
Per stmr Chchalls — Oct 8, passed through
about 10 miles of Ix 4 flooring oft Cape Blanco.
EUREKA, Oct. 10.— All efforts to float the
6tmr Argo, previously reported ashore, ._ have
been unsuccessful. Vessel • still In the same
posltion-at mouth of. Eel River.
LONDON, i Oct. 10. — The wreckage found on
the, West ' Falkland* Aug.- 13,' was piece' of case
marked "Newcastle." •\u25a0 •»> •: .' - ._.
EUREKA, : Oct. 10. — Stmr Argo, previously
reported ashore on bar at Eel River, has been
floated and. has arrived at Port Kenyon. Dam
age, If any, not yet : ascertained.
Yosemite Road Elects Directors.
• The Yosemite : Valley itallroad Company,
which proposes to build an electric line " from
Merced to a point near the boundary of the Yo-
Bemite reservation.' held a meeting yesterday at
\u25a0which the, following • directors . were elected:
William H.. Crocker. Henry . T. Scott. N. D.
Rldeout. Thomas Prather, -W. -W. ' Garthwalte,
Harry L. Tevis and Frank G.~ Drum. The lut
ter was : elected president., and .' N. \u25a0D. Rideout
vice . president. The company has . been thor
oughly financed and has already started a grad
ing force at work in Merced. ,'. It is . expected
that the road .will . be finished in about fifteen
months. . . ' ' . '
IftsueN Promotion Bulletin.
The California Promotion Committee has Is
sued an' October Bulletin of i progress,", in which
It Is shown that the shipments of fresh decidu
ous fruits from California this year • will be
about 8000 carloads, which will surpass the
shipments of last year by about 2000 carloads.
California will contribute .70 to 75 per cent of
all the legitimately produced - wine in tho
United - States for the year l!) 05. The ; year* a
redwood | timber cut of California i for shipment
will amount to $5,500,000. in value.-. The- pine
timber cut will represent ~ the •. value, \u25a0 approxi
mately, of $5,250,000.' t • y:
j Try the United States \u25a0 Laundry, 1004
Market street.' Telephone South 420. •
NEW COMPANY
INCORPORATES
Gas and Electric Combine Is
Preparing to Take Over
the Two Older Concerns
HASTENING BIG DEAIi
Holding Corporation Expects
to Effect tlie Transfer
by First Day of January
The Pacific Gas and Electric Cota
pany filed articles of incorporation yes
terday as a preliminary step toward
formally absorbing the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company and the Cali
fornia Gas and Electric Company. Th«
new company Is incorporated for $30,
000,000, with 100,000 shares of preferred
stock and 200,000 shares of common
stock, valued at $100 a share. The di
rectors are as follows: Eugene J. de
Salba Jr., John Martin, Frank G. Drum,
Garret W. McEnerney, John S. Dunn,
John A. Britton, Cyrus Pierce, Carl
Taylor, George K. Weeks, Frank D.
Stringham, Merrill O. Evans Jr., Alex
ander N. Kemp, George W. Lewis, C. R.
Parker and L. Foster Young.
i The absorption of the old companies
is progressing as rapidly as details will
permit. The California Gas and Elec
tric Company's \u25a0 stockholders have al
ready approved the deal and the stock
holders of the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company are moving in the
same direction. John Martin, who Is
one of the important factors in the
newly incorporated company, said yes
terday' that the incorporation papers
were filed mainly to enable the new
company to issue bonds on JEnuary 1
of the coming year. .Asked if his com
pany contemplated any Important
changes in the management of the old
companies, he said:
So far as I know there will be no changes
of any srreat consequence. \u25a0Of course, it is
to be exDected that the company will make
some chances amen* tho working forces of
the companies it Is about to take charge of,
but such a move will only be made after it
Is determined who of these men possess the
most ability. \u25a0 Under the agreement entered
into between the stockholders- of the old com
panies and the new one/the directorate of
the latter Is to be representative of all three.
The new company expects to complete
the organization of its directorate in a
f ew. days in order to hasten the work
attending the issuance of its bonds.
CABIN PASSEXGEII AVILL
XOT BE AL.LOAVED TO LAXD
Alexander F. Hintoa Who Arrived on
Coptic Found to Be Suffering;
From Tuberculosis.
Alexander P. Hlnton, a cabin passenger on
the liner Coptic from Yokohama has been or
dered deported. Hinton is an Englishman and
a consumptive. By profession he is a piano
tuner end was in business in Yokohama for
about twenty years. When the disease which
now bars his landing on . American soil de
veloped he consulted physicians who told him
that his only chance for life would be an ex
tended residence in Arizona or some place
where climatic conditions were similar.
Hlnton's appearance .attracted the attention
of the Federal quarantine officials at this- port
and when an investigation demonstrated that
he .was a victim of tuberculosis the steamship
company was notified not to allow the sick man
to land. Hinton will be returned to Yoko
hama on the Coptic.
California and Hawaii Co-operate.
Arrangements have been completed to bring
about a combination between the California
Promotion Committee and the Hawaii Promo
tion Committee. H. P. Wood, secretary of the
latter organization and formerly working with
tho California Promotion Committee, has car
ried out plans for co-operation in the develop
ment work of the Hawaiian Islands and the
Golden State. One plan of campaign is to con
vince tourists that in Hawaii they are near cer
tain wonders of California not to be missed, and
that in California they are near certain won
ders of Hawaii not to be missed. The moun
tains and volcanic cliffs or Hawaii will be used
to balance the Yosemite and the great Sequoia
or semi-tropical proves of California.
"Will Test Right of Supervisors.
The firm of Phillips & Van Orden is prepar
ing to test the right of the Board of Super
visors to pass upon bills incurred by the Elec
tion Commission for election printing and sup
plies. It has been the custom of the Finance
Committee to "hold up"' the bills because the
Commission had not invited- bids for the work.
The llrm / named has had to wait several
months \u25a0 for its. money and has secured legal
advice that under the Political Code the Super
visors have nothing to do with the bills. The.
case will be taken to the courts on a writ
of mandamus to compel the Auditor to audit
some demand drawn In favor of the firm
without the approval of the Supervisors having
first been secured.
ADVERTISEMEXTS. ___
"I tried all kinds of blood remedies which failed
to do me sny good but I 1i»to found tbe rl?ht thing
at last. My fn:n was full of pimples ai:d black-
heads. Afcer tukinc Caccarats they all left. 1 >m
continuing the «so Of them and recommending
them to ny friends. 1 feel fine r/hen I rite n tho
morning. Hope to have a chance to recommend
g " CC * reti Fred C. TTltten, 76 Elm St^, Newark, N. J.
JymS&ffih Best For
R] HT ' £» TKo Bowels
CANDY CATHARTIC \^^^
Pleasant. Palntable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Kavor Slckon, Weaken of Gripe. 10c, 25c. 50c. NeTer
snld in bulk. The e«nuine tnblct stanped CC C.
Guaranteed to cure or your money back. , .•• r - . .
. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 595
AHHU<LSaiE. TEN MILLIOH BOXES
MEN'S DISEASES
EBB^.;^^wj t We especially solicit
BbSvß^ii those cases of "Weak-
mi&jH&&al ness." ' Varicocele. Hy-
Hff/iBSJgBff droccle, Stricture. Con-
G^l^lhhß^K traded. Disorders, Spe-
R^ga^H^^&J ciftc Blood Poison, Piles.
fjfWmtwßßtlmn Rupture, Rheumatism.
DR.- iAiuilLG Loss of Vigor. V Catarrh,
: -"ST\Fl i \ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- etc.". that have been un-
1023 3lar- successfully treated by
• ketst; 1 ' other specialists. Our
Pioneer Men's methods of -treatment
\u25a0. Specialiat. " are different, and by
cuFlng stubborn and difficult cases have
won reputation from the Atlantic to the
Pacific as leading specialists ; - In • men's
diseases, and have built up the largest
practice of its kind on the entire Pacific
Coast, from "Alaska , to Mexico. .:
'- \u25a0 Feen \u25a0 are ; fain . cure* \u25a0; arc permanent,
nnd yon can pay ll cured. Entrance
nrlviUe. " HiiilrtlnK only used by n*.
FIIIST SPECIALISTS 30 VEAKS I.V S. F.
• See free?museum to-day. Hear free
lectur& to-night and learn - who should
marry/who not. and why. Call. or write.
DR. LIE BIG STAFF
1023 Market Street. Bth Dldg. above Oth.
j*d£B&*&2M MENANDWOMEFI.
<A&&3nMTIMS*tgM CMBUtOforunnatonU
JG&Wt. 1u h d»n.W dUoHarjas.lnflsjumatioat.
Mt{3£f Ooanutui \B Irritatiaos or nlcaratUas
K«sif tjoi to «tr»o««. of muoosi mcmbraDo*.
Ir 1 *f TMwmt* C»wdn. Pain'.sii, aac ast aatri»
gySITHEETmCHEMICAICO. «»«t or poiioooas
««O«IATI,BJM| ««W fcjr »MWflstt
TStiiSk* Viii> jffir «' \u25a0•nt in »lal r < wrap?**.'
iffiffwiii b r sxprssf crspaid, f«C
\u25a0m \u25a0 cicsmltr •*•! •• rttiMi
I less than cost j
V More room is required on our S
fe sales floors for many new \u25a0
I Weber Grand Pianos now com- H
I ing: In. Our present stock of X
V Used Grands will be sold at B
y less than cost. The figures tell I
g the whole story: fi
p Bcchsteln Parlor Grand. Rosewood. §j
Ra regular value $300. now SIKSO B|
B Knabe Baby Grand. Rosewood, used 8 H
H months, value 9900, now S4SS E
Kg ChSckerinr Ccnc«rt ' Grand. Rosewood, g
H Just overhauled, value 91500. now ||
Bj . Chlcksrlcg Concert Grand, Rosewood. H
j Q rood condition. -r*lu« 91200, now H
i| Hallet A Davis Baby Grand*. Rose- BJ
H . wood, fine condition, value 9T50, H
H Behn!n«r (Small size), Granil Mahoj- I
R any (Sample), value $S5O, now.BA.">s \u25a0
gi Fischer (Small Size), Grand Maho*- M
Eg any, new, value $700, now...asj>.» |
ta Kohler & Chase Baby Grand, Mahog- B
pj any. used enly In concerts, value H
M 9700. now $595 H
9 Steck Baby Grand. Mahogany, new. B
El valus $850. now «7.W Rj
I'j Steok Baby Grand. Rosewood, new. {3
ly value 9SOO, now:..: >72(> M
H Five other Knabe Baby Grands rang- S
m Ing from. 9555 to *<Jt>O H
g Erbt ' monthly yayments fei H
§3 those ivho wish. \u25a0 y
fj A few Used Uprights at §1
vi equally low prices: Ej
XI Kelso & Co.. Antique Oak. worth $275, H
£3 now 91 Mi §B
Pj Blaslua, Art Style Mahogany, worth H
V 3 9SSO, now f'<2O P
g| Fischer, Walnut, like new. worth P
VA IdO now 9821 |
KJ Hmerron Square, in rood condition. E
g worth 9125. now 9«3 P
I Kohler (£*> Chase |
H Post an i Kearny y
We Cure-Men f0r512.50
/^^^J^^^t Reference Is
r ;^^Bfc »0f A DOLLAR
"LjftML-S NEED B£ PAiD
rf'^& §§ |LL CURED
>^S^^ J&. . ledge place us
W#fc3^^k> specialists.
We cure Skin Diseases, Blood Poison,
Vartcoeele, Stricture, Nervous Decline.
Weakne^.i. IMles. Klatula and Dineases
of the Kidneys. Blndder and Prostate.
Spei-lal Dl»en*ei» — Newly contracted
and chronic cases cured. All burning, itching
and inflammation stepped In twenty-four hours;
cures effected In seven days. \u25a0 \
We make no charge for a friendly talk or
correspondence. Come to us in the strictest
confidence. We have been exclusively treat-
ing special diseases of men for years. Nothing
science can devise or money can buy Is lack-
In jt In our office eaulDment." We will use you
honestly, treat you skillfully and restore ycu
to health In the shortest time with the least
discomfort and expense.
If yon cannot call, write for symptom
blanks. * ' , •
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours: 8 to 5, 7 to 8:30 p. m. dally; Sunday,
0 to 12.
720 MARKET ST. (Top Floor). S. F.
3v»3iT DR, JORDAN'S cheat s
fIUSEU^ OF ANATOMY)
h Qb JosiaißL'ET3T.»tt.«ti*Uh.S.F.C4L>
\ s&r Th« Larrtrt if vcsl™ 1 Kuna la U>* W
A _£,•' W»rU. Wr»ir.e»«» »r *»r o»atr«ei«4 A
f fcSffia rti'-...<« f>»nlUvol7««r.4bT»ha iMllt7
i&fft?3 DS JORDAN- DISEASES OF MEN , i
pflTS^a, Consoitatioa tn* and itrietl» »H»»i»
J "Ji>XaC n Trotnrot r-' 1"'""^1 "'""^' 1 / * r 'b T '«'«• Aj I
9if Wfo Writ*!brt(c«k,P«flT < OSOPVar«a'i I
PJ I ' HAliniACi:, .'.AILED FKiE. 'Ai'
j£ {£ Tsli*b!i bant ht IH«a ) >
DR. JOBDAX A C©..loslM*rkft Bt,R F. ! '
' \u25a0
I CALIFORNIA UMIJED|
fW Leaves Mondays and Thursdays at Hju
f^ !>:o0 ft m. tvlth' Diners ami S!p»r>*r*_Jo
Other Santa Fe TrainMt
7:30 a. m.l To Stockton, Merced. Fresno,
0:30 a. m, }. .Hanford. "Visalia and Bakers-
8:0<> p. m. J field. •
4:00 p. m.l For Stockton and Intermediate
< Point 3.
9:30 a. m.l For Oakdale and Points on Sler-
!. ra Railway.
JDlrect Connection for Tosemlte
Volley and Blb Trees.
' For - Kar;sa3 City. * Grand Canyon
6:00 p. m.J and Chicago.
fMondays - and . Thursdays only.
Ticket Offices— Co3 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
• \u25a0 •.. San Franclseo; . also- 112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. : also 27 \u25a0 South \u25a0 First. San Jose.
||ipp||P!J To SAN RAFAEL
|gl®j^Lg^| ROSS VALLEY.
t^^^^^^^ i VALLEif,
I^M.S^ CAZADERO, Etc.
|^^^^^^|i Via Snn-.allto Ferry.
SUBUKBAN'T SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGHL
- Depart- week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday). 7:45. 8:25, 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a.
m.; 12:20. ;1:45. 3:15, 4:35.# 5:15. 5:50, 8:30.
7:15, 0:00, 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
For Fairfax. w«k days — 7:45 a. -m., 3:15 p.
m. (Saturdays only), 5:13 p. m. dally except
Saturday and Sunday: Sundays and holidays —
7 45 9:10, •11:00 a. in... 1:45 p. m.
..,*./.- THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and Tray stations.
3:15- p. m. Saturdays only — F«»r Cazadero,
etc. • - .-.
,- 5:15 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun-
day) — For Point Reyes, etc. - •
TICKET OFFICE— eSO Market St.-
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market St."
IVlt.Tamalpais Railway
Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:45 r M
|SsriH|«aS Arrive S. F. 10.-15 A m 2:55, till nt
iVgSgSSSSB ' v ' "' '< SIIUMIT 051T
>^^fiSsf Lv.S.F.4:SSpmAt.S.F. 11:25pm
SuKDITS ISO ISGII HOUDITS
Lr - s - F.8i25,9:50,U:C0 am I.4Spm
W Ar. 3. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4^3, 6:22 PM
I HCIJT \ 650 Markkt ST..(North Shore Railroad)
BmciS ( and Sausauto Fekhy, Foot Market St
' Trains le»T« and »*• *«•
(p^^^y\ SAN FRANCISCO.
V \^MalSi7 I OCTOBXa 3, 13d
Fsbst Pxpot
.XJCl^^ (Toot of Market Street)
i.aAT«- MAIN LINE. -amiti
7.00 a F.icilra. VocaTtlle. Winters. Ramsey 7-43f»
7.ooa Hlcamond, Beaic,'a. Sacramento,
Suisan and Way Stations 7-ZSf*
7-40AVaileJo, Kapa, Callstoga. BaaU
Kosa, Martlaez, San l:araoa t.OO
7.4OAXHes. Pleasaaton, Liver more.
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 7-23*
B.ooa Shasta Express — (Via D»tls).
Williams, Willow*. tFroto, Red
Blnff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. 7-4SP
B.ooAl)aTi.i, Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarjSTlUe, OroTlUe , 748^
8.20 a Martlaez, Ant loch, Byron, Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Banos,
Hendota, Armona, Hanford, t . »»_
'-- •" Visalia, Porterrllle •< tSJi
•^OAPort Costa. Latnrop. Merced, Mo- • *****
desto, Fresno. Hanford, Visalia,
BafeersfleKJ 4Mm
t^lOAKlles, San Jose, Lhrermore, Stock*
toa (tMllton), Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, FlacervtUe,
-. -\u25a0- Colfax. MarysTUle. Red ßlnS .... 448**
. 8.40 a Oakd ale, Cblnese, Jtmeitoim,
gonora, Tootumne sad Aagels... 4.C3j»
9.00 a Atlantic Express— Ogdta aad East. 4.23f»
B.4oa ßichmond, PortCo»ta.Martlaoa
and War Station* (tConcord) .... M 8»
1 o.2oa Vallejo, Dally. Naps, Sunday only 7 A3*
10.20aLos Anceles Passenger— Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracr.
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Baymood, Fresno, Ooahen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, Visalia,
Bakerifleld,Los Aneeles. ....... 7.03?
10 J!oa El Pirn. Kansas City, 8C Loots sad
Chicago 7.08^
11.00AThs Oyerlaad Limited— Omaha,
Cbtcaco, DenTer, Kaasss City... 5.43;»
11.40A>fne», Saa Jose and Way Stations, z.43?
n.oop6acramentoßlYer Steamers tit. OOP
3-2CPPort Costa, Martlnez.Bjron.Tracy, .'
Modesto, Merced, Fremo 12-03*
3.2CP Yosemite and Maripofa Big Trees,
Monday, Wedneaday snd Frldsy 843 a
S-40PBea!c!». Winters Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Laadlnj,
MarysTlile and OroTlllo 13.43 a
B.4oPHayvard, Klles, and Way Stations 7.43f»
4-OOP Vallejo. Martines, San Itamoa.
Napa, Callstos*. Sanu Rosa 9.28 A
4.ooPKllcs.Tracr. Swcktoa, Loili. 1029 a
4.4oPH»Tward. Klles. Irvlngtoa, Saa i J8.48A
Jose, Llrermore J 111.43 a
8-OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman. Xos
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare.
Bakendeld. Los Angeles 8.43 a
LOOP Cnicago and Sc Lools Special— El
Pato, Kansas City, SC Louis sad
Cnicago 8.48 a
tß.2oPHarward. Nlles and Saa J05e...... 7.03 a
6.20P Vallejo, Port Costa, Benlds, But-
son, Sacramento 11-23 A
B-COP Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago,
Denver, Kansas City. Sc Loais,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Beno, Sparks, Montello. Ogden .. 12.43P
B.2oPHaywiird, NUes and Saa J05e...... 9.43 a
7.ooPKeno Pasienger— Port Costs* Be-
ntcla, Soisnn, Elmlra, Dlion.
DaTls.Sacramento. Spnrks, Tono-
pab, GoldQeld and Keeler 7-5-' A
74JCPVa!lejo, Crockett and Way Sty
r-r- tlons, Bunda/ only 11.23 a
B^2op Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysrUle, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.43 a
9-OOpHayward, Nlles and San Jose (San- * •
d«7only) ~ 111.43 a
COAST LINE <Jl*rr«irUa.g,j.
(Foot ot Market Street.)
8-1 saNewark,a Newark, Ceßtenrllle. Saa Joae,
Felton. Bonlder CreeJe; Satfta
Crnz snd Way Stations 5-55*
t2.lspNe-wark. Oenterville, San Jose,
New Almaden, Los Gatos, Felton,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal Way SUtlons tIO.SSA
4.lspNewari, San Jose, Los Gatos ....] j^oJg*
945pHnnters Tram— (Saturday only)
San Jose and Way Stations j7.SBr»
COAST LINE (Broad «»«•/.
tg~(Thlrd and Townsend Streets.)
B.loa San Jose ami Way Stations 830f»
7.00 a San Joce and War Stations 8.40P
84]0ANew Ahnaden (Tnes..Frt..only).. 4-10f»
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jose, Salinas,
Son Ardo, Paso Bobles, Santa
Margarlts, San Luis Obispo,
Gnadaiupe, Ga-rioU, Santa Bar-
bara, San Unena ventura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10.30<*
800AG!!roT, HoUlster. Pajsro. Castro-
Ttlle. Del Monte, Padflo Groro,
Sarf, LomDoc • 10-30P
840 a San Jose. Tres Plnos. WatsonTtlle.
Capitols. Santa Cruz. Paclne
Grove. Salinas. San Lais Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.10P
1030 ASia Jose snd Way Stations 1.20p
11.30 a San Jose snd Way SUtlons 7.40P
2.lspSnnJose and Way Stations. 8-30 A
S.oopDel Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Joae, Watsonvllle. Sanu
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.15P
;3.0CpL09 Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek,
SanU Cruz, TI» Sanu Clara and
Narrow Gaage 10.45 a
3.3opSoutU San Francisco, Ban Jose.
Gllroy, Holllster, Tres P1n05..... 10.45 a
4.3CpSan Jose and Way SUtlons t7-55A
tS OOP Sanu Clnra, San Jose. Los Gatos. tfI.OOA
Js.3opSonJo»e and Principal Way SUtlons 59.40 a
s.4sP Sunset Express— Redwood, San
Joce. Ollroy, Salinas, Paso
Robles. San Lnls Oblspo. Santa
Barbara. Los Angeles, Demlnj,
El Paso, New Orleans t>lOA
5.45 P El Paso, Kansas City, Sc. Louis,
Chicago o.loa
s.4sPPaJaro. WatsoaTllle. Caps tola.
Santa Crnz. Cnstrovllle. D«l
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30P
tB-15pSan Mnteo, Beresford. Belaiont;
Ban Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t«-4SA
8-50pSan Joie and Way Stations 8.38 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto aad Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1.30PSoutnS»n Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur-
llngame, San Mateo, BelmonV
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo A1t0 ....... JMS.»
11.30P Saturdays only for Mayfleld. Monn-
uin.Vlew, Sunnyvale, Lawrence,
SanU Clara andSaaJoso t9.45»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
f Koot of MarKet SO
17.15 a.m. 8.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
] 1.00 p.m. 3.00 P.M. 6.15 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSunday excepted. tSonday only.
oMondsy only. -
IDally, aad stops at all stations on Sunday.
ULIfOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibiiron Ferry* Koot of Market Street.
S.*\ TOAXCISCO TO SAX RAFABL.
WEEIC DAYS — T:3O. »:CO a. ra.; 12:33. 3:30,
5:10. S:3O p. m.
SUNDATS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m.; 12:25. 3:SOt 3:10,
6:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK PATS— «:OS. 7:35, 7:30. 9:20 a. m.;
12:C0. S:4P. 5:00. 8:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:O3. 8:00. 8:18, 9:40 s. m.t;3:4fc
\u25a04:50. 5:0 O. B:2O. 6:30 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive 1
San Fran. ,| Oct. S. 1903. | San JTan.
Week j Sun- j Destlna- 1 Sun- I Weelt
Days. I days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7 :30 a 8 :0O a ~~ 9:10 a| 3:*<> a
9:0Oa 9:30 a Isnaelo. . 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:00 pi 6:20 l>
3:10 pj. 5:10 p 7:30 pj
0:00 a| 9:30 at Napa I 9:l<fa| 8:40 i>
3:10 p| 5:10 p| I 6:20 pi 6:20 »
7:30 al 9:10 al S:V>4
[8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a|10:25 a
8:30 p{ 0:30 a Petaluroa 6:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
I 5:10 p Santa Rcsa.
7:30 a ~ > 10:40 a 10:23 •
8:00 a ' Fulton 7:39 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30p . . -
Windsor
7:80 a 8:00 a Hleadsburg 10:40 a 10:23 •
Lytton
8:30 p 3:80 p GeyservlUe 7:30 p 6:20 9'
I CloTeniale
7:30 at 8:0O a.) Hopland 110:40 8,10:23 a
3:3Op| 3:3Op| and L'kiab | 7:3Op[ 6:20p
I ~[ WllUts and j j~"~ "
7:30 a[ 6:00 af Sherwood I 7:30 p[ 6:20 p
7:30al'8:00aK |1O:4O »[10:23 a.
8:30 pj 3:30- p| 'Onernertne. | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 at Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 3:10 p| Olen Ellen I 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 9:00 at \u25a0 ~ ! 10:40 a! 10:23 a
S:SOp! .1:30 p I Sebastopol 7:80 pi 6:20 p
5:10 pj 3:10 pi \u25a0 \
STAGES connect at Green Brae far Saa
Quentln; at ( Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprlnun und lMa,rk West Sprinns: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geysenrlila for SkaKgs
Springs: at ClovenJale for the Qeysers. Boon-
vlllo and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprln«9» HlShland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at Uktaa,
for Vichy Sprtna-s. Saratoga Sprlng-s, Blu«
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Lierly*."*. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Coniptcbe.' Hopkins. Mendocino.
City Fort Brass*. Westport and Usal; tt Wll-
llts for Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for
Fort Brass. Canto. Covelo. Laytonrille. Cum-
mlnss. Bell's Sprlnjrs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 3. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. *
On Sunday— Round-trip tickeU to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bnild-
n jAS. AGLER. R- X RYAN.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
fMr M- $1.00 prYear
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS ..Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McyAUGHT \u2666 . \u2666 "•\u25a0••" • »*\u25a0«»\u25a0««
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRAN'CISCU
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER n, 1905
THE MAYOR THREATENS.
MAYOR SCHMITZ, who is actively conducting Mr. Ruef's
campaign for the continuance of his graft and control of
the city, has adopted a threatening attitude. He has be
come virulent toward Mr. Brandenstein, the joint candidate for Dis
trict Attorney. Xo doubt Mr. Ruef is anxious to have a District
Attorney all his own. He fears that office. It is the office of the
public prosecutor. Mr. Ruef may be ripe on both sides for the
official attention of the District Attorney. With the city aH in, the
hands of decent officers the people may find out why Mayor Schmitz
has "stood by" Mr. •Ruef "through all," and what the "all" was and
whether Mr." Ruef got it all, or whether "all" was divided, and how
and with whom.
The Mayor is sure that the future will be black if Branden
stein is elected. He threatens that in that event there will "be
industrial war and bloodshed in the streets." He talks like .an
anarchistic revolutionist, and presents to the city the alternative of
his election or war and riot. This is going many steps farther than
even the grafters of Philadelphia. Will the people fear the threat
atid surrender to Ruef? Again the Mayor boasted that he is not
yet indicted. He declares that the last Grand Jury went through
every one of his acts with a fine tooth comb and found nothing
against him. Now this depends on what the Mayor thinks would
liave been against him.
The Grand Jury charged him with about three-score offenses,
indecent -in an official and hurtful to the city. A fine tooth comb
was not needed to find them. It could have been done with a horse
rake. But evidently the Mayor thinks that these acts were matters
of legitimate and proper administration. They were found by the
Grand Jv.ry, they are published in its report, and he does not deny
them. He' boasts that the report gives him a clean bill of health.
The Mayor must have strabismus in his morals. The charges which
he dees "not deny are regarded by the people as the most serious that
can be- made against a public officer. He abuses the Grand Jury,
and he has a reason.
It sent three of his most valuable supporters to the peniten
tiary for stuffing the ballot box. His administration 1 made every
effort to prevent their punishment. It stood in the way of the law
at every .turn and corner of the prosecution. The Mayor says in
his speeches, "Give me the District Attorney who will back me in
all that. I (Jo and I will give the city such reforms as they never
dreamed of." No doubt he will, and no doubt that from his moral
standpoint among the reforms will be immunity for his ballot box
siuffers. .
Every man in the city who has given any attention to the sub
ject believes thai the Mayor's administration is corrupt. Business
men believe it, and say so in their counting-rooms. Clergymen be
lieve it, and say so in their pulpits. Workingmen believe it, and
say so at their work bench. Even politicians, who are expert in the
signs, believe and say so, some of them, having guile of their own.
say it more in admiration than in rebuke. Mr. Ruef admitted it
when he said he would support the Mayor, who had "stood by"
him "through all." If Mr. Ruef is practicing his profession as a
private citizen in a lawful vocation, why is it so necessary for the
Mayor to stand by him? There are hundreds of better lawyers and
some worse than Mr. Ruef in San Francisco. Would it not at once
arouse suspicion if mny one of them announced himself a supporter
of the Mayor for the reason given by Mr. Ruef?
Now, with all this evidence, direct and indirect, against him
strengthened by his own demand that he be "given the District At
torney," it is quite impossible for the Mayor to sidetrack the re
form movement by threatening war and bloodshed in the streets
if he is not elected. We heard such threats in his first candidacy,
and as an ex-Mayor put it : "These threats led the people to fear
that the red flag of anarchy would fly from the City Hall. But in
stead it was the red flag of the auctioneer." Really the Mayor will
scare no one by his raw-head-and-bloody-bones fee-faw-fumming.
Schmitz will be beaten, and will have to stand by Ruef in pri
vate life, and there will be better industrial conditions than ever.
The Mayor will resume his occupation of drawing horsehair over
catgut, and the people, the united majority of the people, will take
up the task of cleaning up the muss he has made in the city gov
ernment. His defense is not valid. It is not good. He must make
n better showing for Mr. Ruef if he expect the people to keep that
thrifty boss in power for another term.
THE LEWIS AND CLARK FAIR.
WESTERN people are better patrons of an exposition than
Eastern. While the Lewis and Clark fair at Portland has not
paid a profit in money, and was not expected to, it has paid
in all the respects in which such exhibitions make a return. The
number of admissions exceeds the entire population of the Pacific
Coast and intermountain States. No other fair has made such a
record of admissions as that. The St. Louis exposition was lo
cated in close contact with a dense population, numbering tens of
millions. Had the attendance been in the same proportion as that
at. Portland a large financial benefit would have been returned.
The attendance at the Lewis and Clark exposition is a very
ifratiiying expression of local patriotism and neighborly good feel
mg of the best Western quality. These States, united in the same
destiny, have stood by their neighbor Oregon in the heartiest way,
and all are the better for it. California has done her duty in the
premises not only by a large attendance of her people, but by using
her imperial resources to enrich the show. The result has been
that the Eastern visitors have generally ticketed home this way and
we have had the greatest company of summer visitors ever seen in
the States. The hotels of San Francisco have been filled with this
travel ever since the exposition opened, and our guests have been
gratified by their visit here, supplementing the interesting-experi
ences at Portland.
It is the first time that the East has had an opportunity to see
so close together what we do and where we do it. At Portland
they saw ail that human enterprise and natural resources, combined
produce in California, and then coming this way they saw«the great
and shining shop in which it was all wrought out. So the year has
been good for Oregon and the whole tributary region, and great for
California. Our neighbors in Oregon have done themselves proud
in the arrangement of the exposition and the hospitality which at
tended it.
Major Kean in his Seaman prize essay on "The Prevention of Disease
in the Army.'' recommends the restoration of the canteen as one of the best
methods of accomplishing that result. The question is one on which all are
agreed but the professional reformers. — New York World.
Secretary Taft says that he had iced whale to eat at that Tokio banquet.
A man who can tell fish yarns like this is goings to make a strong bid. for
the Grover Cleveland vote in 1908. — Atlanta Journal.
Alton B. Parker is reported as having accepted a $ioo,ooo-a-year job as
counsel for a rapid-transit concern in Brooklyn, Isn't this the man who
once ran for President?— Portland Oregonian. '":"
President Roosevelt is about the only man in the country who can tell
a hunting story without having his credibility inquired into. — St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
If the insurance companies are hard enough up for that, they might
lake a risk on the life of the Cuban Republic— New York Mail.
The life insurance companies seem to have adopted as a side line the
insuring of political elections. — Baltimore Sun.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1905
HIS TURN TO LAUGH
The Russian Anarchist: "And yet some say that China is not waking up."
\ —CHICAGO INTER OCEAN.
"THE VOCABULARY CORPS."
y^-> ILSON WILLETS tells, in the Oc-
Utober World's Work, what it
means to earn one's living by
writing:
A "free lance" is an unsalarled
writer, whether he be journalistic hack
or another Victor Hugo. "Free lance"
means free to starve If one does not
feel like working; free to smoke an
execrable pipe In one's own workshop;
free to walk in the woods a day or a
week; free to rove the earth, the rover
paying his bills out of an Income de
rived from words. I know of a honey
moon on the Mediterranean, three ex
pensive, happy months, paid for out of
the Vocabulary Fund. Above all, "fr"ce
lance" means to go and to write where
every prospect pleases. There was a
"furnished house for the season" in a
Garden of Eden in St. John's Wood,
London, In spring, and one winter In
the Rivera there was a stone nest in
a paradise of palms. What workshops
can be paid for at a cent and a half
a word! Once I received an order for
a series of articles that would require
all June and July to write. The Mon
tauk, then, on the outer reach of Long
Inland, a hundred miles at sea, I took
my notes and my typewriter. There
was a good inn not far from the light
house, and there I had board and lodg
ing. But it was not the inn that com-
HOW GERMANY CAPTURES BUSINESS.
Those who are inclined to scoff at
the higher education of a people as a
fruitless and unnecessary expenditure
of means and energies should read a
report recently made to our State De
partment by Consul Osmun, from Stutt
gart, Germany, and learn the depth and
extent of their error. It is shown here
by Indisputable evidence that Germany
owes her pre-eminence to-day in many
lines of trade and industry chiefly to
the fact that she has established and
maintained for years a higher grade
of technical schools than any other
nation in the world, turning out regu
larly from them a body of trained ex
ports to manage her Important indus
tries, develop her resources, and im
prove her manufacturing and produc
tive-methods by their skill and scien
tific knowledge. Thus, it is said that
there are to-day in German factories
4500 thoroughly trained chemists, be
sides more than 5000 assistants, whose
brains are constantly at work upon the
problems of improving processes, les
sening the cost of production, and in
other ways promoting the industrial
welfare of the country.— Leslie's
Weekly.,
YfOULD MAM ANYBODY.
This is given by the Boston Herald
as the favorite story of a noted actress:
A colored "gemman," name unknown,
but called "Culpepper Pete,", who, being
enamored of some dusky maiden, and
not having the courage to "pop" face
to face, called up the house where she
worked and asked her over the tele
phone. When he got the proper party
on the line he asked: "Is dat Miss
Johnsing?" "Ya-as." "Well, Miss John
sing, I've got a most important ques
tion to ask you." "Ya-as." "Will you
marry me?" "Ya-as. Who is It, please?"
DISCHARGED.
. First Office Boy— My holiday,
starts to-morrow.'
Second Office Boy— How . long
have you got?"'
First Office Boy— Stay as long
as I like. Boss told. me I necd'nt
come back at all. - \u25a0. ••
plcted the idealism of Montauk as a
writing place; it was tho tiny life-sav
ing station on the great white .beach.
That little station became my work
shop, for it was*, not used in summer
by the llfe-savens. It stood so close to
the ocean tnat sometimes the Atlantic
washed my doorstep. At noon, sit
ting on drift logs on the sands, i
lunched from a full dinner pall and
drank coffee from its tin top— a day
laborer making a living by writing
whore man had not "marked the earth
with ruin.
The "free lance" has honors thrust
upon him. A collector of gems sent
me a box of uncut opay?, amethysts and
sapphires. I had written about his col
lection Hn a brief paragraph. Downey of
London, "Photographer to -the King."
charged me nothing for dozens of pho
tographs of myself, for I had written a
word about his pictures of the King's
grandsons. "Would you like to go
home by the way, of Jamaica?" af-ked
Sir Alfred Jones, the "Banana King,"
while I was a guest in' hlti home in
Liverpool. "I h rave 'a new steamer sail
ing for Port Kingston on her maiden
voyage. You and your wife shall have
the best stateroom." But it is not
dead-head trips to lotos hinds, nor pre
cious stones, it iii the precious ac
quaintances, the golden friendships,
that count in this living by writing.
AN INGENIOUS SCHEME.
Judge Benjamin B. Lindsey, who has
made a nntional reputation for himself
by his work at the Denver Juvenile
Court, tells In the American Magazine
for October the story of Eel Martin, a
typical bad boy, whom the Judge has
since succeeded in reforming. The fol
lowing Is one of the boy's exploits:
One of the boy's methods of beating
his way about the country was to board
a train and after It had started to creep
Into an empty berth in a sleeping car.
On one occasion Martin was awak
ened by the porter's startled* exclama
tion: "Good Lawd, the's a kid In
heah!" Then, as the boy phased It,
"I flew the coop while the coon guy
went to tell the conductor. I was
ditched at a to.wn they call Reno in
Nevada. Course I was dead broke. I
touched a guy for. a half and bought
me a cane and some chewing gum. I
wayced into a bank and right up to the
guy in de monkey-cage. I said I
wanted work, and he said he hadn't
none. I told him I'd clean up de back
yard, and" while he went to ask the
head guy about it I rammed de gum on
de end of my carre, shoved It frough
de cage and swiped a twenty that stuck
to the. gum. Then I took a hike mighty
sudden. I lay low and went out on the
express that .night."
EXPLANATION.
When at last a 3tudent. upon being
tarred and feathered by hazers, took
pneumonia and died, although nobody
had the hardihood to openly deny that
boys will be boys, there was some ad
verso comment.
Accordingly the president of the uni
versity issued a statement.
"This is one of those regrettable in
cidents," said he, 'for which nobody is
to blame. The faculty, in the exercise
of a strict control over all sports," ap
pointed a date for the hazing of this
student, and ordered a supply of tar
and feathers of the most approved
character, in ample time. But owing
to a railway accident this supply did
not arrive and the hazers. unable to
postpone the - event because of » all sub
sequent dates being filled, procured
tar and feathers as they could. .Some
of ' this! material, as it turns out, had*
not been properly sterilized, and as a
consequence the young man took cold."
This naturally ended the talk.
KAISER'S TIP
The Kaiser is popularly supposed to
be economical. .It is not generally
known that he pushes his principles
of economy to - absolute ! niggardliness,
says the London Tatler. It wll^; be re
membered \u25a0 that he visited Constanti
nople some time; back and . was g re
ceived with unexampled magnificence
and inundated with handsome presents.
During his stay In the Ottoman capital
the Emperor's aide jj de % camp was in
structed by his' imperial master to dis
tribute such gifts as were usual among
the servants attached to his person.
He offered n dollar to- the head coach
man^' The latter without a moment's
hesitation returned it.*,:; VThanks," he
said, "I am) not: thirsty.", >.
RIDICULE
i C i |— v O little things get on your
I J nerves, Turner? 1 inquired
i— J Cummings thoughtfully as
he sipped his drink.
" 'Sure they do,' answered Turner.
'Ed Burr came in last night and
knocked a whole row of them glasses
ofT'n the shelf with his billiard cue. I
knowed he was only playin', but it
riled me.' •*
"'I don't mean things like that
exactly. I mean people's peculiarities."
""Do they! Say, you know that
spavined Englishman that acts as if he
was goiri* to kiss you every time he
tells you It's a beautiful day? 1 have
to give my gun to the barber when -I
see his mug coming through the door,
so I won't shoot him.'
".'Now, my wife has a habit which
irritates me,' continued Cummings, ar
riving finally at the point toward which
he had been working. 'She'll sit at the
table and polish a chicken bone till it
looks as if somebody had gone over it
with a piece of sandpaper. It makes
me so mad I can't eat. Good wife, good
mother, line Housekeeper, but the way
she worries a bone would make a man
commit suicide. I've reasoned with her
and explained how it affected me, but
she only gives me the loud hal! ha! and
tells me to take my plate out in the
woodshed If I don't like the way she
; cats. It's a little thing, Turner, and it
doesn't sound much when you tell it,
but sooner or later I believe It's going
to break up my home.'
" 'Know just how you feel about it
: exactly," said Turner sympathetically.
\u25a0Seen a man butter his bread with his
i thumb nail onet — "fected me the same
! way. ' Did you ever try ridicule*'"
i "'Ridicule?' repeated Cummings
: doubtfully.
""'Most effective weapon." The trite
ness of Turner's statements never in
: the least affected the Impressiveness
! with which he delivered them. 'Growl
like a dJg,' urged Turner.
" 'Now?' Cummings' sunken eyes
widened.
" 'When she begins to gnaw.'
" 'By gum! — I never thought of that —
I'll do it! Turner, how can I thank
; you?' His hand went out impulsively.
; ""S all right, old man,\" replied the
barkeep kindly. — From Caroline Lock
; hart's "His Own Medicine," in October
Lippincott's. :C: C j; ;
IIiEBRHTE.
Disease still stalked abroad with an
unsteady gait.
"Tired?" queried Ignorance, winking
slyly at Poverty, for these three, as is
well known, are inseparable compan
ions. . ,
"Everybody is treating me,, replied
Disease, thickly, "and with more than
50 per cent of alcohol in many of the
patent medicines, I'm likely to be over
come any time." \u25a0> \u25a0
At • this Ignorance and Poverty
laughed immoderately,, deeming it rare
fun to see their ancient comrade in
euch a plight. -
TOE OF TO-DAY.
Type after type of wifely eccentricity
races across the horizon. At the pres
ent moment the intelligent wife threat
ens to exceed thorn in permanency and
Importance. Two things, it seems, she
has been sent to teach vs — that ft is
possible to do,justice.at once to one's
husband and one's intellect; that it Is
practicable to have a family and still
remain "interesting." Sho dabbles in
all the arts and half the sciences and
is always; ready to go out to tea.—
Evelyn Underhill, in the Outlook.
HER IDEA.
He— l hear you read a poem at
your, commencement la3t spring.
She— No, I wore it.
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. Waterhouse.
NORINE.
COME over the gulf that is set. Nor
ine,
The Ditlful chasm of death:
From mystical lands where you
bide, my queen.
Reach out to our Country of Breath,
For I yearn for you still as I Journey
alone,
As the blossom doth yearn for Ita dew;
Then come to my side from the shadows,
my own,
For my heart Is aweary for ypu.
V
Sometimes in the gloaming I linger, Nor
ine,
And dream of the day that fs dead,
When we were so happy together, my
queen.
Ere out to the shadows you fled;
And I feel the soft kisses you.preS3 on
my face,
As you did In the days that are flown,
And my soul, turning back to our yester
day's grace.
Forgets that It wanders alone.
Are you happy out there in the shadows,
Norine?
Does our God in his kindliness give
Some art of forgetting, nor caring, my
queen,
.That I must In llneliness live?
Time was when you had not been cheery,
my pet.
To know that alone I must stray.
With ne'er your caresses to bless me —
and yet/
That now you are happy I pray.
Perhaps in the land where you journey.
Norine,
You know that the trials we bear
Are petty and vain, and your soul is
serene,
As you hold me c'en yet in your care;
Yet sometimes I think that heaven's own
bliss
Must somewhat of bitterness know,
As your longing soul starts at the dream
of a kiss '.."':
In our Land of the Long, Long Ago.
Come over the gulf that is set, Norine,
The pitiful chasm of death.
For my soul is aweary with longing, my
queen.
For the warmth of your languorous
breath,
As softly, full softly, It kisses my cheek;
In my heart is a sigh of regret
For the days unforgotten whose rapture
I seek—
Come back from the shadows, my pet.
MISS .OLBtiIUL'S DKEAM.
"I dreamed the other night." said Miss
Oleglrl to her very dearest friend, "that
one of these genii that you read about in
the Arabian Nights Entertainment and
books of that sort came to me as I was
sitting in my boudoir."
"Wasn't that queer?" the dearest friend
gurgled.
"Yes, and he was the handsomest crea
ture I ever saw; exactly like a large man,
with a commanding presence and dark,
rolling orbs, and a look indicative of a
mysterious— oh, he was perfectly love
ly. And he fell upon his kness and
vowed that he had been attracted by my
charms and was deeply in love with me,
"Wasn't that queer!"
"Well, I don't know. You needn't seem
so surprised by it, .anyway. And he said
he did hope that I wonld marry him and
be his own true tootsy-wootsy. 'But,'
he said, 'there is one thing of which the
laws under which I exist compel me to
inform you: I regret deeply to say that
1 have no soul."
"Did you reject him?"
"No, I did not. Afier consulting my
own heart I felt pretty well satisfied, and
so I said to him:
" 'Well, that doesn't make any partic
ular difference. You look like a man
and, as for soul, I guess you have about
as much as some of the men -whom
friends of mine have married.' "
"You showed your usual sound judg
ment even in your dream."
"Do you think so? Weil, anyway, it
is too bad that there are no such things
as genii, isn't. it?"
The dearest friend said it was.
BIIUDDEK BEGU-H'S COGEIITATIOXS.
De Good Book say, man brudders an'
slstaha, dat whom ac Lawd lubbeth he
chas-neth, an' in cohse hit's troo. but ef
yo' specs de chas'nin' stops right dah yo'
bettah loak eroun* yo* an' see what yo*
sees befoh yo' makes up yo' mm's foh
sahtin suah.
'Taln't no good ter teach culled gemmen
dat hell's er hot place. Ef yo wants 'em
ter go ter hebben tell urn de oder place's
col'— an' dat cfere's watahmlllions on ebry
cohner In de 'bode ob de blest.
I claims dat tbry niggah orter lib so
dat his zample '11 lead de white folks ter
refawm.
De Lawd made all folks brack at firs',
but some ob dem wohked so hand at sin
nin" dat deir prespiration bleached de
color all out.
Foh de Lawd de man dat stahts a hen
house in a brack man's settlement orter
be persecuted foh j-ottin" temptation in de
paf ob his brudders.
But what I want to know is this,
The while I stand aloof:
Why name the servant rather than
HU boss?— Why not name Ruef?
SUSIE'S LITTLE WAYS.
Vtss Susie had a little song
The thought was quite the thine:.
And so she sung it to her Claude:
"I'm saddest when I sing."
I really hate to mention—
And yet, you know, it's true —
Whene'er she sang that little ' song
That Claude seemed saddest, too.
Miss Susie did some painting
That was unique and quaint.
And once she said to Claude: "How do
You like the things I paint?"
Now Claudie's lips had sometimes strayed
And haply been misplaced.
And -so he smacked them some and said.
"I really like the taste."
Miss Susie loved the breakers,
And said that joy she knew
While foortlnjr In the water,
And Claudle aald so, too.
"I sometimes wish," she murrmured,
"That higher they would go."
Claude looked another way and said,
. "I wouldn't dare wish so!"
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
Question— lf there arer thirty-seven
girls and one young man at a summer "re
sort, where will the girls be found?
Answer— First tell, me where the young
man generally can be found.
Q.— Where can the beautiful young lady
of ten years ago. who vowed she never
would get married, be found?
A.— Ask her children.
Q.— What is a woman-hater?
. A.— Any man for whom women show no
liking.
Q.— What is marriage?
A.— A . method of ascertaining whether
you ought to marry er not.
Q— What is divorce?
A.— A means of backing out of the
traces when you don't belong In them.
I hate procrastination, and I mean right
here to say
A word •of earnest protest against its
erring -way; T
But I'm feeling 'rather weary,, and I do
not wish to rhyme.
So I guess that I'll postpone It till some
more convenient 'time.
THE SMART SET
Sally Sharp.
An interesting engagement has just
crept oct, like many otners of the win
ter by way of confidences — the en
gagement of Miss Elizabeth Shea,
youngest daughter of the late James
Shea. tlit> wt-U-known merchant, to Dr.
James L>. Murphy, son of the late Dr.
James Aiurpny, one of the leading phy
sicians of tne city a decade ago.
Tne fair bride is a graduate of the
Academy of the Sacred Heart (.the
mauames), from which she emerged
with hosts of friends.
The wedding day has not been named,
but it will probably be a holiday af
fair.
\u25a0-'•:.:• •
Mrs. Grayson Dutton will entertain,
a bridge party of twenty guests to-day
in her apartments at St. Dunstan's.
• . • *
Mrs. Frederick Arthur Housewortb.
will be hostess to-day at five hundred,
entertaining forty guests at her home
on Central avenue. Receiving with
Mrs. Houseworth will be Mrs. Thomas
j. Kirk, Mpss Imogen Kirk and Mrs.
Charles A- Gibson.
. • • -_- • •
General Woodruff will lecture befora
the Forum Club to-day upon "Some
Military Lessons of the War In the
Orient."
• • \u25a0..\u25a0•.:;;\u25a0
Dr. and Mrs. Alanson Weeks (Bell©.
Harmes) are pleasantly located in their^
pretty new home on Presidio avenue.'
and on the afternoon of the 17th Mrs.
Weeks will open the house to her
friends for the iirst time.
The day will be largely devoted to
bridge and five hundred, although the
possibilities of a new house are so
entrancing that \u25a0 much time will no
doubt slip by In the inspection of rooms
and furnishings. -r
•V~ • ''.y. m J' \u25a0\u25a0*.*.
Laurel Hall Club will honor Mile.
Eleanor Joseph at a reception on Oc
tober 13 in the clubrooms, 1620 Califor
nia street. Guests will be received from
3 to ». and many old friends will wel
come Mile. Joseph, who has been homo
from abroad but a short time.
Many San Francl3can3 wer« bidden
to the tea given yesterday at the Clare
mont Country Club by Miss Arllne
Johnston In honor of Miss Edith Down-
Mrs. Stafford Parker was one of yes
terday's luncheon hostesses, entertain
ing eight guests at her home on Sac
ramento street.^
Captain and Mrs.Verkins entertained
at a luncheon aboard the Penaacola on
Sunday.
Mrs. M. K. Harris, wife of Judge
Harris of Fresno, who was a delegate
to the U. D. C. convention, returned to
her home a day or Jtwo^ago.
Mr and Mrs. Arthur Holland ar#
expected to arrive in town from Sato
Rafael next week. They have been
spending the summer in the suburban
resort, and will occupy the home of
Mrs. McKittrick on Paciflc avenue dur
ing the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Hen3haw. who
left Saturday for their ranch In Men
doclno County, were accompanied by
Misyi Emma Farrier.
Mr. and Mrs. Lester Herrick are
home again, after several weeks spent
in New York, the guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Ingels.
« • •
Mrs. William S. Tevls is stopping at
the St. Kegis, New York, since her ar
rival- from Bad-Nauheim.
Mrs. Emile Bruguiere. with her son.
Louis Bruguiere. is in New York for
the winter, having just closed their
Newport bouse.
Mrs. John B. Casserly is at her Bu
chanan street home, having arrived
from San Mateo several days ago.
Mrs. Philip Lan3dale Is leaving this
week for Santa Barbara to spend the
winter.
-. \u25a0»• \u25a0• • *
Miss Brent Watklns of Los Angeles
will be the guept for the winter of her
aunt. Mrs. J. de Barth Shorb. la this
city.
Miss Pearl Landers has been a guc<stj
at Belvedere for several days.
• \u2666 •
Mrs. Eleanor Jarboe expects to pasa
the winter at the Luxor, where she has
taken very handsome apartments.
Mrs. J^mmet Rixford has returned
from a month's visit in Sausalito.
Miss Winifred Hawley has returned
to her home in Portland, after spend
ing several weeks In this city as the
guest of lira. Louise Humphrey-Smith.
ANSWERS it) QUERIES.
VETERAN ACTOR— W. C. H.. City.
This correspondent is anxious to know
the exact date of the last appearance in
San Francisco of John Woodward, the
veteran actor. Can any of the readers
o. this department make the correspon-
dent wise in this matter?
PLATONIC — W.. G.. Oakland, Cal.
"Platonic year" is that period of time
which the equinoxes take to finish their
revolution, at the end of wtych the
stars and constellation have the same
place with regard to the equinoxes that
they had at nrst. It has been variously
calculated that this "year" or period of
time is equal to 21.800. 23,816 and 25,900
common years.
NATURALIZATION— A Subscriber* Cl*^"
If an individual, foreisn born, came to
the United States at a very early age and
resided in this country for thirty years
he cannot obtain naturalization papers un
til two years subsequent to his declara
tion of Intention to become a citizen, and
then he mast prove that he has resided
for five years in the United States next
preceding his application for final papers.
THE CABINET — J. X.. Folsom, CaL
The following named are the members
of President Roosevelt's Cabinet: E.
Root. Secretary of State; L. M. Shaw, of
the Treasury; W. H. Taft. of War; W.
H. Moody, Attorney General; G. B. Cor
telyou. Postmaster General; C. J. Bona
parte. Secretary of the Navy* E. A.
Hitchcock, of the Inferior; James Wilson,
of Agriculture, and V. H. Metcalf. of
Commerce and Labor.
' PARTNERSHIP— Subscriber. City. Part
nership articles In writing are recom
mended in all cases, though the joint
venture Is for only a slight transaction.
No set form is necessary, but the agree
ment should be clearly and unequivocally
stated. This should contain the names of
the parties Interested.. the duration of the
term for which the partnership is formed,
the respective interest of each Individual,
the business to be pursued, the special
rights and duties of each individual and
all general and special agreements rela
tive to the conduct of the business and
the methods to be employed on dissolu
tion.
Townsend's California glace fruits
and choicest candies tn artistic flrer
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market. «•
Special information .supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call*
tornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. . •WED ON GRAND
CANYON'S BRINK
Miss Anna Alberger and Ray
Dunann of This City Fur
nish | Surprise to Friends
OX SIGHTSEEING TOUR
Ceremony Takes Place in the
Presence of Large Party
of Railroad Traffic Men
Standing on the brink of the precipi
tous wall of the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado two well-known young San
Franciscans were yesterday united in
marriage in the presence of a hundred
of their friends, who had little expected
that their trip to the great scenic spot
would be attended by a wedding. The
contracting parties were ML^s Anna
Alberger, daughter of W. R. Alberger,
foreign freight agent of the Santa Fe
Company, and Ray Dunann. son of
Charles Dunann, general passenger
Egent of the Paciflc Coast Steamship
Company.
Miss Alberger, who is an attractWe
young woman, and Dunann were
among the party of railroad traffic men
who left here Saturday night In a spe
cial train for the Grand Canyon. While
It was known that Cupid was flitting
about, no one atfoard the special train
suspected that matrimony was fore
moßt in the minds of the couple when
they embarked upon the sight-seeing
trip.
On approaching the canyon yesterday
young Dunanii formally announced to
his traveling companions that he and
Miss Alberger had decided to get mar
ried that very day. Hurried prepara
tions for the wedding were made, a
minister from Mexico was engaged to
perform the service and under a clear
sky. with the canyon, in all ltj<» grand
eur, stretching out before them, the
bridal couple and their friends joined
in the ceremony that terminated in a
luncheon at the new hotel.
The first Intimation of the marriage
that was received in this city came in
a dispatch yesterday to the effect that
the wedding had taken place. Mr. and
Mrs. Dunann will return here with the
special train of traffic men on Thurs
day.
HUSBAND SAYS WIFE
ELOPED WITH ACTOR
Mrs. I^e, Wife of Colored
Horseman, Flees in the
Mght.
Mrs. Edward Lee, wife of a colored
race horse owner and driver, who lives
at 1142 Taylor street, deserted her hus
band Monday evening and took -with
her J2OO in cash and a mortgage valued
at $150. Lee believes his wife has
left the city with Harry A. Brown,
who posed as an Indian and took the
part of the cartoonist in Brown and
Brown's famous act at the Orpheum
three weeks ago.
Lee. who is training his own horses
on the Oakland track, returned from
his work late Monday night and found
his wife had not yet returned from the
Novelty Theater, where she had gone
with two women friends. He walked to
the corner, and, after nearly an hour's
chat with a friend, returned to the
house and was told that his wife had
returned, but had made a very hasty
exit after having gone to her room.
Lee at once went to his room,, where
he found his 5200 gone. He then
started in search of the woman and
traced her to the Novelty Theater. He
there learned that his wife, accom
panied by two other women, had sent
a' message to Brown, who was in the
audience, and she and Brown left the
theater together.
Lee stated last night that his wife
\u25a0was a very pretty mulatto girl. Just
past her nineteenth year, and had been
taken for a white girl on more than
one occasion. This is the first trouble
they have ever had and Lee says now
that If he could only get his money
back he would not care if she never
came back.
Harry A. Brotra and his brother are
traveling on the Orpheum circuit as
Carlisle Indians and have a very clever
little act. In which Harry draws car
toons while his brother sings. They
appeared at the Orpheum three weeks
tgo and had Just returned from Los
Angeles Monday \u25a0morning 1 . Both men
left for Denver yesterday and It Is sup
posed that the Lee woman went with
them.
BAXK STOCKHOLDERS ELECT
THEIR DIRECTORS FOR TEAR
Reports Are Received and Dlvldr-nd Za
Declared for tbe Oarrmt
Quarter.
At' an asenaJ meeting of the stockholders
of the Bank of California yesterday the old
board of director* wm re-elected. The di
rectors subsequently m 't and elected officers.
There is no change In the staff of the bank.
A dividend of * per cent for the Quarter was
declared. The officials who are returned to
office to serve Curing the coming- year are
U follows: -V " •
Homer S. King, president; Charles R.
Bishop, "Frank B. Anflensoru, vice presidents;
Irving F. Moulton. cashier; Sam H. L>anlels,
William R- P»ntz, Arthur L. Black, assistant
©sxhlere: Allen M. Clay, secretary; James E>.
P.-jcr'.f!, assistant secretary; William Mack
intosh 'reneraJ manager Northern branches.
At Portland — William A. Macrae, manager;
James T. Burtcnell. assistant manager. At
Tacoma— Samuel M. Jaekaon. manager; & J.
Cooper, asalstant maaag-er. At Seattle—
Ernest C. Wagner, manager; O«orge T. 8.
White, assistant manager. At Virginia City,
Key.— John W Eckley, agent. Director*—
Jainea M. Allen. Frank B. Anderson. William
B*.bcock. Charles R. Bishop. Antolne Borel.
Warren D. Clark, George E. Goodman, Bd
ward W. Hopkins. Homer S. King. John F.
Merrill. Jacob Stern, Joseph S. Tobln.
Tfce annual report of the board of directors
ehovred a»eti amounting to $42,706,235. The
capital paid In Is $4.0C<>,000: aurplus and un
divided profits, 59.661.833.
Seek* Capital of Railroad.
The trustees of the Chamber of Commerce
listened yesterday Afternoon to C. W. Evans.
who le trying to enlist the support of moneyed
men In fan Francisco to a:s a plan to build a
railway from San FYanclsco to Boise City,
Idaho. Mr. Evans cald that be hoped to se
cure $1,500,000 from Ben Francisco capitalists
and others, and ha exhibited & map and de
scribed a route. The. S1.&00.000 Is fcsked to aid
In the construction of 400 miles of road north
erly through California. No action was taken
fey the trust ees.
POSTCM CEREAI*
IT'S A
GOOD TR/\DE
To leave off Coffee
and take on
* • THE LIQUID FOOD.
1 0 tlay s' trial Is proof !
GIVES FREELY
TO STUDENTS
Mrs. Hearst's Latest Gift
to State University Runs
Into Quite Fabulous Sum
DR. HERZSTEIN LIBERAL
Adds to Dr. Jacques Loeb's
Department by Donating
Estate and Laboratory
Mrs. Phoebe Hearst's generosity to th<*
University of California in the interest of
science was once more made evident at
the meeting of the Regents of the Uni
versity held yesterday at the Hopkins'
Art Institute.
With reference to Mrs. Hearst's mu
nificence President Benjamin Ida Wheeler
said:
Mrs. Hearst offers to -give to th« Regents
of the University of California the entire col
lection of archaeological and anthropological
materials which Bhe has been ooll*ctlng dur
ing the past seven years and which are now
brought together in the westernmost building
of the Affiliated College*. The gift includes
also the materials contained In the Museum
of Classical Art and Antiquities established
on the grounds of the university at Berkeley
tr.d also consignments of additional material
now en route from .Europe. This collection
has oost Mrs. Hearst eomewhat over $400,000.
She will also rive to the university for the
maintenance of the department or anthro
pology and the completion of ths work of
collecting" and cataloguing the various ex
hibits of the museum the sum of $60,000,
payable in such installments as the Regents
may w'sh. not exceeding $20,000 in any one
year, the whole sum to be expended under
the direction of the Board of Regents. Th«
above arrangement Is to begin as of July 1.
1905.
On the motion of Regent Relnsteln
Mrs. Hearst's offer was accepted with ex
pressions of appreciation.
> SEEKS TO AID SCIEXCE.
President Wheeler announced that Dr.
Morris Herzsteln had donated a large
body of land at Monterey near Pacific
Grove and a laboratory where pure sea
water could be obtained for the pursuit
of scientific work in connection with the
researches of Professor Jacques Loeb.
There had already been built a tem
porary structure In line with the Ru
dolph Spreckels laboratory at tho Uni
versity and Dr. Herzstein had equipped
it with apparatus which was considered
the finest of its kind in this country ex
cepting that at Wood's Hole, Buzzard's
Bay.
Ths gift bears no stipulations. A vote
of thanks to Dr. Herzstein accompanied
the formal acceptance.
Regent Charles S. Wheeler moved "that
fhe architect be instructed to proceed with
the plans for the University of California
library along the lines at present under
consideration, atid to arrange for the
complete construction of the shell of the
structure and so much of the interior aa
will provide for the immediate needs of
the University at a total cost not to
exceed $700,000."
The motion was carried unanimously.
The matter of the consideration of the
purchase of the Bancroft Library for
$150,000 was briefly alluded to when Pres
ident Wheeler announced that Reuben
Gold Thwaites of the University of Wis
consin and librarian of the Wisconsin
State Historical Library was now in the
city looking into the library with the ob
ject of reporting to the Regents on its
value.
On the suggestion of the President the
Regents will visit the library this after
noon for the purpose of thoroughly fam
iliarizing themselves with the subject of
the offer.
ROSTER FOR OCTOBER.
President Wheeler's roster for Octo
ber was adopted as follows:
That the otter of Arthur I. Street and
Willard P. Calkins, publishers of the Pandex
of the Press, San Francisco, of an annual
prize of $100, oren to the students of the
University of California, for the best essay
on some subject in the field of current history
be accepted, and that the Regents extend a
vote of thanks to these gentlemen for this
offer.
That the thanks of the Repents be extended
to Colonel Thomas H. Hanbury, Corps of
Engineers, U. 8. A., for his gift to the uni
versity of some feveral hundred volumes of
books dealing with civil engineering. These
books are a very valuable addition .to the
department.
That the resignation of Paul Thelen as
assistant In physics be accepted, to take effect
October 1, 1905. Mr. Thelen goes to Bakers
field to engage in business.
That J. A. Daly, B. 6.. 1905, College of
Natural Sciences, be appointed assistant In
physics, at a salary of $41 m a month. In
place of Paul Thelen, resigned.
That James H. Force and John W. . Geary
be appointed as assistants to the commandant
In the department of military science and
tactics, at a salary of $2CO per year, Mr.
Geary's appointment to take effect August 15
and Mr. Force's appointment to take effect
November 15. Mr. Geary was commissioned
major of the university cadets In 1904, and
Mr. Force colonel of the university cadets
In 1905.
That F. H. Glasson. 1903, College of Social
Sciences, be appointed clerk In tb« depart
ment of mining and metallurgy, at a salary
of $60 per month, salary to begin September
Id. Mr. Glasson Is a graduate of the uni
versity.
That the resignation of C. H. Dunning as
clerk in the department of mining and metal
lurgy b« accepted, to take effect September
15, 1905.
That TJrs. E. G. Field be appointed stenog
rapher In the department of anthropology, at
a salary of $50 per month, to take effect
September 1.
That Ludwig Rosensteln be appointed as
laboratory assistant In the fertilizer control
laboratory, at a saJary of $50 per month, the
appointment to date from October 1. The
department provides Its own income, which
la adequate to cover this additional expense.
REGENTS GIVE THANKS,
That the thanks of the Regents be extended
to the Pelton Water Wheel Company for their
gift In the department of mechanics of a
thirty-Inch tangential water wheel, with needle
regulator nozzle, brake wheel and shaft com
plete, and also to G-eorge J. Henry, U. C,
'03, now engineer for tho Pelton Water Wheel
Company, who has been Instrumental In se
curing this Rift.
That the recommendations of the Committee
on Fellowships and Scholarships be approved.
The committee recommends the appointment
of F. M. Allen of San Francisco as the Hil
gard Memorial scholar for 1905-6, with a
stipend of $125; C. W. Schroeder of the Unl
vorsity of Illinois as Flood fellow In economics,
to receive $200 for Xhe year 1905-6. P. C
Languno of the University of Wisconsin and
A. A. Grissecke of the University of Penn
sylvania were to be recommended by the
committee, but Mr. Grlsseck« accepted a po
eltlon In business and Mr.- Languno has gone
to tho University ot Oregon to accept a posi
tion as lnrtructor. The committee reports
that It will probably make no further recom
mendations this term. Charles E. Weaver was
awarded the Gosewey scholarship, to receive
$250, and B. O. James, the Students Graduate
scholarship, to receive $150 for the year.
That In case Dr. John Bunce MacOaJlum
of the department of physiology, who has
been 111 from overwork and up to the present
time unable to resume his work In the uni
versity. Is able to return to bis work on
November 1 no loss of salary be Involved,
otherwise that his salary cease October 1
until such time as he Is able to resume work.
That the Hon. Charles W. Slack be thanked
by the board for his gift to the university
of 234 volumes on Enfliah law. These books
Include the Engrllsh Common Reports, volumes
1-11R: English Chancery Reports, volumes 1-48;
Exchequer Reports In '47' volumes, and Ex
chcq'i'-T Plrest and Supplemental Chancery
Report •\u25a0 In 23 \u25a0 volumes. /\u25a0
That r>r. franford Blum. O. C.' -A. B. and
M. r> be appointed Instructor In pediatrics.'
The Regents present were: J. A. Brit
ton, in the chair, Alden Anderson, R. J.
Tausste. BenJ. I. Wheeler, JohnE. Budd,
C. N. Elllnwood, J. B. Relnstein, C. W.
Slack, James A. Waymlre, Chas. S.
Wheeler.
PAYNE'S LICENSE SUSPENDED. — Super
vising Inspector Bermingham yesterday sua
pended for thirty days the license of Captain
H T Payne of the steam schooner Del
Nort • ' for colliding with th« Southern Pacific
Company* float No. 2 at th* mtmth at Oak
land Cr*ek on Seßtember 2t
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY;. OCTOBER 11, 1905.
BAIRD'S STRICT
HOISTY SHOWN
Dental Investigation Gives
Approval to the Conduct
of President of Board
BOOKS ARE STRAIGHT
Finds Funds of Body Were
Kept by Him in Thorough
and Business-Like Manner
The result of' the recent investigation
of the irregularities alleged to have
existed in tho affairs of the State
Board of Dental Examiners seems to
prove that neither Dr. F. Q. Baird,
president of the board, nor any of his
fellow-members were guilty of dishon
est official conduct, but that a better
state of harmony should have been pre
served among . them.
No charges of t any nature were
brought against Dr. Baird, although
before the investigation began . many
incriminating reportS^about him were
circulated and "published. The evidano*
showed that his every action on tho
board had been honest and according to
law. He waa proved to have always
handled the money of the- board In a
thorough and business-like manner,
and his books were found to be cor
rect. That he was extremely careful
in granting of temporary licenses is
evidenced by the fact that during his
four ' years of membership he granted
only twenty-nine such certificates. He
wa<s unusually energetic in prosecuting
illegal practitioners during his term
In office.
Dr.' Baird has held many, important
offices .in the .different dental organiza
tions of the State. Many of his frienoji
feel that he has been wronged by the
unfounded reports which have been cir
culated about him and which the In
vestigation proved to be false.
WOODWOUTH'S WIFE
SUES FOE DIVORCE
She Charges Ex-United States
District Attorney With
Desertion.
Ex-United States District Attorney
Marshall B. Woodworth was made the
defendant in an action for divorce in
stituted yesterday by Mrs. Charlotte A.
Woodworth. Desertion is charged by
Mrs. Woodworth.
In her complaint she recites that she
married Woodworth on March 26, 1902,
and that he deserted her on October 6,
1904. In addition to a decree of di
vorce, Mrs. Woodworth asks for the
custody of their son, Marshall B. Wood
worth Jr., who is now 2 years and 7
months of age, and for permanent ali
mony. She asserts that she has no sep
arate estate out of which she can main
tain herself, and in consequence asks
that the court make an order providing
for the permanent support of herself and
little son. Mrs. Woodworth is repre
sented by Attorney A. Heynemann,
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Anna from George Dillon, for
desertion; Xeil from Isabelle Campbell,
for desertion; >*ora C. from Joseph E.
Whltmore, for desertion, and Katie A.
from William O. Gillette, for cruelty.'
The petition of Etta A. Stone • for dl-.
vorce from William J. Stone was denied
by Judge Hebbard, who held that the
troubles of the litigants were due to
the interference of their sisters and
said he was satisfied that if this could
be eliminated all would be. well.
Suits for divorce were filed by Luella
M. against Merl E. Palmer, for neglect;
Lette A. against Benjamin F. Lewis,
for desertion;. Annie L. against Albert
L. Saunders, for neglect; Anker M.
against Grace Nielsen, for cruelty;
Wolf against Louise Routstein, for de
sertion; Katherlne against John H.
Cousins, for cruelty, and Grace B,
against George B. Simpson, for cruelty.
BURBAMC EXPRESSES THANKS
FOR BANQUET IN HIS HONOR
State Board of Trade Receives Com
munication and Also Considers
Matters of Business.
Luther Burbank addressed a letter of thanks
to the California State Board of Trade, which
was read at a meeting- of the board yesterday,
In which thanks were expressed for the honor
conferred by the recent State banquet, where
his services to the State were acknowledged
by distinguished men. Tha board evidently
was of the opinion that the affair was a suc
cess, for various compliments were lndividua'ly
paid to Manager Arthur R. Brlggs, who had
the arrangements In charge. A formal resolu
tion was adopted In which Manager Brlggs
was thanked. It was voted to instruct the
manager of the board to take steps In co
operation with the Southern Paciflc Company
to have the board's exhibit at the Portland
Kxpoßltlon Installed on the Oakland mole when
It Is returned from the north.
A letter from the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association asking- the board to pay
$40 for expenses attending the opening of the
new Postofflce was read. Inasmuch as there
is In existence a fund ot something more
than $180 remaining alter the Taft banquet
of a sum Jointly collected from all the. com
mercial organizations of the city It appeared
to several of the members that the liability
If any. should run against the share the board
has In that money, although It was expressly
stated that the board was not aware that It
Incurred any liability for the Postofflce cele
bration when It appointed a member of the
committee on celebration. The entire matter
originated with the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association. The sum of $40 was
not forwarded. The manager. was Instructed to
communicate further on - the subject with the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association.
Manager Brlggs was requested to attend a
meeting of the Sacramento Valley Development
Association, at which the subject of the Irri
gation of the Bacramento Valley and re
clamation of valley lands will bo discussed.
A report on this subject will be made at the
next meeting of the board and will probably
be taken up as & special order.
GENERAL. FREDERICK FUNSTON
• ONCE MORE AT HIS POST
: Returns Fjrom Portland Where He
Went to Attend Lewis and Clark
Exposition.-,
General Frederick Funaton, Commander of
tho Department of California, returned late Mon
day night from Portland, Ore., where ho went
to visit the Lewis and Clark Exposition. He
went in company with B. B. Calvin. General
Funaton says he wa» highly pleased with the
exposition, but his sight-seeing there was
somewhat Interfered with by the downpour
of rain, which lasted during the whole time
he was In the North. Ho visited : Vancouver
Barracks and saw many of his former frlenda.
Lieutenant • Stanislaus M. Melsaer, Philip
pine Scouts, registered at Department Head
quarters yesterday. He Is staying at 809 Van
Neea avenue. .' *.
. Lieutenant . John H." Allen, medical depart
ment, will leave fort .his .' new .post at Fort
SllL Okla.. In a few* flays/" .; V.
Do You Contribute f
Does any part of your life insurance
premium help swell political campaign
funds? The Conservative- Life invests
its entire assets in seburitles selected
and approved by California laws.
Ml*n 3lorton - Recover! us.
Mlse Ella 'J. Morton, vice , principal of the
Hamilton Grammar School, underwent a ' Be
rlous surgical operation \u25a0on Monday night at
the Homeopathic Sanitarium. ; Her' many
friends will be pleased to learn that the opera
tion was entirely successful and that the pa
tient Is recovering. \u25a0' . \u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters re
moves uric acid from the system by .dis
solving the uric acid formation. . •
MOSCOW STRIKE
FAST SPREADING
Employes of a Majority of
the Factories Join the
Idle Printers and Bakers
CROWDS ARE DISPERSED
Workmen Keep the Police
Busy, bnt the Day Passes
Without Serious Trouble
MOSCOW, Oct. 10. — The majority of
the factories here, especially in the
great industrial Quarter of Zamosk
voretoh, which is across the river from
tho rest of the city, joined In the strike
of printer^ and baken to-day. Th«
movement threatens to become general,
though it ia opposed by a strong minor
ity of the workmen. •
Tho streets are comparatively tran
quil. Several times to-day processions
of striking, workmen, in which rad
flags were carried, paraded the Indus
trial. Quarter^ and the police were
forced to disperse the crowds, but aside
from the affray to-day at the Liebrecht
furniture factory, no bloodshed has
been reported and the troops were not
forced to resort to arms. Crowds of
roughs started to break tha windows
la \u25a0 tin Tverskoi boulevard, the- center
of tho previous disorders, which ha»
been reopened to traffic, but th«)r fled
on the approach of the police.
The workmen generally, are demand
ing an eight-hour day and a large in
crease in wages. Among their unique
demands Is one for the abolishment of
religious lectures by priests in the fao
tories and the substitution of lectures
on economic and political subjects.
No newspapers will appear to-mor
row.
The employes of the .electric street
railways, by a secret ballot, voted to
continue the strike, and as a conse
quence no cars are running 1 .
In most .of the. factories there are
two parties, one for and one against
the strike, and there are constant en
counters between them.
CALIFORNIA MASONS
MEET IN GRAND LODGE
The Report of Their Master Shows
the Fraternity to Be In Excellent
Condition.
Th« California Grand Lodga of Free and
Accepted Masons met yesterday In the. Ma
sonlo Temple In flfty-slxth annual communi
cation. The grand body was opened In due
form by Grand Master George "SV. Hunter of
Eureka, after which the routine business was
entered ur*«n. This included the presentation
of the credentials of nearly 7CO representatives
and the seating of those entitled to be on the
floor of the body.
The following are the officers of the Grand
Lodge In addition to the grand master: Dep
uty grand master. Motley H. Flint of Los
Angeles; senior grand warden, Kdw. H. Hart.
Berkeley; Junior grand warden, George M.
Perine; grand treasurer, Edward Coleman;
grand secretary. George Johnson; grand lec
turer, William H. Edwards; grand chaplain,
Jacob Nleto, San Francisco; grand orator,
George E. Church, Fresno; assistant grand
secretary, Harry S. Johnson, San Francisco;
grand marshal, George F. Rodden, San Ka
fael; grand Bible bearer, Chauneey C. Bush,
Redding; grand sword bearer, Erneßt H. May,
Pasadena; grand standard bearer, Samuel
Prager, Los Angeles; senior grand deacon,
Frederick L. Arboga^t, Nevada City; Junior
grand deacon, Delos \V. Smythe, San Jose;
senior Krand steward, Joseph R. Garthslde,
Pomona; Junior grand steward, Thomas J.
Richards, Mendoclno; grand pursuivant, John
G. Glaeson, Grans Valley; grand organist,
Samuel D. Mayer; grand tyler, George P. Ad
ams, San Francisco. • -•
After the appointment of committees the
reports of the grand officers were presented
and referred, except that of Grand Master
Hunter, which is a careful resume of the work
of the fraternity during the last Masonic year.
It shows the organization to be In a satisfac
tory condition.
The grand body will be In session for sev
eral days- % . . . \u25a0
JOHN S. PARTRIDGE DRAWS
ADMISSIONS FROM ECKART
Cost of Replacing Pnmpti Would Be IS
Per Cent Higher Than AVlien
Originally Constructed.
William R. Eckart, expert mechanical en
gineer for the Spring Valley Water Company,
was cross-examined yesterday afternoon In
United States Commissioner Heacock's court
by Assistant City Attorney John S. Partridge.
The witness testified that it would cost $75,500
at the present time to replace the Belmont
pumps, while the actual cost wajj $03,0-65.
The three engines and pumps which were
added in 1002 cost $54,183, whlla it would
cost to replace them $65,000. The witness
added that the six boilers cost $21,062. The
estimate given by former witnesses was
$33,320.
Mr. Partridge drew from the witness the
Important admission that the present cost of
the pumps averages 18 . per cent higher than
the original cost on account of the fact that
the cost of wages and material Is greater now
than It was when the pumps were put In.
The cross-examination will be resumed at
10 o'clock on Thursday morning.
Iron Importer Dlea.
LOS ANGEXiES, Oct. 10. — S. R. Church, an
Iron importer, who resided at the Palace Hotel
In San Francisco, died to-day near Pasadena.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
€McClure'S Magazine
is a better text book of
current events, of the real,
vital, throbbing problems of
this republic, . and at the
same time, a ; better presenta- •
tion of the most sparkling,
typical and characteristic
short stories depicting Amer-
ican life, by young American
writers, than can be had
anywhere in any form.
S. S. McCLURE COMPANY
4.4.-6O Eaul £3d' Street j '-
, NEW YORK
| UNIVERSITY SCHOOL 1
\ University
\u25a0 Preparation for
I Boys of T
p \u25a0 ah
!'\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0 .i-; 1
.Arthur C. Willard, 5.8., Prin. [
.; Mass. • Inst; T«cb_ • H
2310 Clay St., S. F. J|
,4f \u25a0viT.swwigm uM&zmjLA'M ffaSfamsw^pg" I
\AJ. T-'. HIE is. • . '\u25a0
Notary Public and Attorney-at-LaTr. '.; / \u25a0;
Tenth Floor. Room - 1015, Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main 983. - \u25a0 --V-'i.-.'
Residence. 1302 McAllister st.
Kesldance Telai>h<ma Paca 6C4X,
BEST GROCERIES— LOWEST PRICES
Every day the popularity of our immense grocery department is becoming greater.
Thrifty housekeepers are realizing that we give them the best tor the least money.
SPECIAL TO-DAY ONLY
Imported Italian Pure Olive Oil Soda Crackers— % boxes; fresh and Claret — Noted for its purity; reg-u-
Regularly $2.25 gallon; special.. crisp; box 43c larly 50c gallon. Sal^price. -I»7c
82.00 Royal Salad Dressing — Contains no Kentucky Club Bourbon — Hand-
Regrularly $1.25 for % gallon; spe- oil; bottle : Sic made; full quarts <>3c
cia1..... 51.05 Hems Pickles, Chow Chow or Mixed DnfTy'n Sterilized Cider — Finest
Selected Oyster*— Very ohoice ex- — Bottle - JoC made; samples at booth. Pints..
tras; regularly 15o; 2 tins for.2sc t Six for Hoc U^c
Or dozen SI.4S Jell-O Ice Cream Powder— Assorted Quarts .'. 45c
Flour — Our choicest family; made flavors; package -/12c p. c. Rossi's Italian Vermouth—
from Minnesota wheat; 10-lb. sack Klngan's Extra Picnic Hams— Lb.. Bottle 4ISc
••• • • 3Oc ••• •.\u25a0 12c Bnntrundr- Zlnfandel or Santerne—
Pioneer, LIIt, Isleton or Popoy Port and Sherry — Good old wine; 6-year-old wine; gallon 83c
Cream — 3 tins , 25c regular $1.00 quality. Sale price. Sylvan Grove Bourbon — Aged in
Babbitt's Best Soap — 11 bars. . .48<? gallon 72c wood; gallon £2. 1S
Boys' Furnishings I~* "k'ss,?* 7^ Hfll n OFF ,
'°&&s& v i£n^s2s"tg?z l:r— 5-— i \kr ~v Lining Remnants
garment. Would be splen- /^^ \u0084 &&&£& \ j-% . a h e \u0084 .i- •
did value at 50c a garment. *+2C KB©** ! A " ot our black n:n^ remnants
Special sale price Mmm%t &%s&&*£ t consisting of Percahne, Spun
Mother's *>leud All - A \«°\ » sl i. lrt <-3S}fvf i'i> WNw^M t Glass, Peau de Soie. etc.. will so
rr e Tl i 8t eve a r^vh?x!r" a ? ',\ V^M# TW^^l at one-half our regular price for
each. Sale price **^ v \u0084 \u25a0$&3rrW?\ * to " da y onl y-
Cut This Out. ii M — fe?-4 if- " • (l| '
fySS I sorted toilet Beautiful Embossed Panel \ } §3 iSliiyiliiil I
\u25a0 ffiPJvi] ! soaps for we. Pictures \ he i ! fe^fe^t^^ :
LSc^rtf « I Upon presents,- tt--,« t,-^^^*!^ ~# ,v. ! Cu t Thl* Out. sS&9JS!-iE^eiS^»
\WL SSViWh'JSS 0 ! Po^we^firse^u^nilK:: :: coupon
JpTV'l , r^tuTar Jl 00 bos colored embossed panel picture.* \~ 7""7 A*& gSsa \u2666
; ; fejKs • Itvr yotvm toilet ?' z .« »**" lnches - «suiar • \u2666 Spangled jj^®l& ::
i\W-£%f\ ' soaps, containing »\u25a0\u25a0 [[ alue 60c - f °£- _ . \u2666 ICnUxrz IClr &$£ !ss& '
\u0084 fki^pr I cake medicated _. }f c Each * .. J 'LOliarS IUC $£%% WifS. i
If^ittet. II soap. 1 cake sul- \u0084, T w£ Se P lct « res , are *£• most* \u2666 upon pres- £$#3;! &<^£ 1 \u2666
Ifl&yp^ir Phur, 1 cake pure llf ?l lk ? "productions of game J \u2666entation of *£&*&& <^JSi^, \u2666
I \W^M tar, 1 oake witch \u2666 8u^ ct %^;, cr D * 1 ?^ n T ;,, / . IMI '! I this coupon 3§i|P& SbSS&S? \u2666
' \lfflo!®- i hazel, 1 cake vio-' '^ one sold at this price without t \u2666we will cell *®K^ ' '
, P^S^lLii let, 1 cake hello- 1 this coupon. No mail orders. " you a black ,
mt^Zf^m trope and 1 cake ; ! ,. G °°, d ' or Jl^^S 7*7 * October;; 'collar, heavily spangled on silk \u0084
fi^^^^lS glycerine for ' V. . ""I". . T f'« .« J '| Brussels for
; tyg^P |C£ _ I We Each W
" A -^w / " These collars are stylish and'
None sold at this pries without ' g| H «Vmx,>a _i~tL st Jsj-lr—r "similar ones haye 1 been retailed <
this coupon. ' /"^""H eTtvIT BH nsfil&4i * at 50c each - \u2666
Xo more than two boxes to a " ./tJsrEi H AJll &L HIL H " B * ot more Than three to a cua- »
customer. No mall orders. ' \u25bc rr VjBV V" /^y^ "tomer. «
Good for Wednesday, October ? /fair -^t^ . * None sold at this price without •
'11, only. " t \Jg * AL**SXV»S BELIABLE \u2666 this coupon. Xo mail orders \u2666
*...\u25a0 . . , p / ? /! < ™?, 1 p >«wb^^^^^^ t»^-' o^ dd p gay '. Oct ° ber ]
FIVE YEAES IN JAIL
mU DIAZ'S RELATIVE
Mexican Who Bobbed Girl of
. $165 Receives Heavy
Sentence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 10.— Fella
Fernandez was sentenced yesterday
by Judge Oster to five years in Fol
som for having entered Miss Inea
Garcla's room and stolen from a. trunk
therein $165. The girl heard him enter
the room and caught him by the throat,
although he- flourished a great knife,
and held him until her parents came.
He claimed she had called him into the
room. Fernandez says he is related to
President Diaz of Mexico and the Gov
ernor of the Province of Chihuahua.
The letters he got during the trial were
countersigned by the highest- magis
trates of Chihuahua, testifying to the
prominence of his family and his good
character.
Send for Your Eastern Friends This
Month. ,
Take advantage of the low colonist rates
from Eastern points- to California. $30 from
New York. $33 from Chicago. $25 from Omaha.
Similar low rates from other points. The cost
of a ticket can be deposited with any South
ern Pacific agent and ticket will be furnished
to the passenger In the East. For particulars
and Illustrated literature see agent Southera
Pacific. •
CASTORIA
For Infanta and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Rims Developed
If you buy your films of me or
have me do your photo printing 1 .
I Carry a Full Line of
NON-CURLING FILMS
My prices for films in rolls of six
exposures are as follows:
214x2^4, 15o; 2^x3%, 20c; 2%x4%,
25c; 3%x8&, 30c; 3%x4tt, 35c| 4x5,
5x4 and «!ixs^, 45c. •
PHOTO PRINTING
Discount of 10 per cent allowed on
orders of more than six prints each
from 6 negatives. Here are some
prices: 2^x314, 4o each; 2%x4%,
3M;x3y 2 and 3^x4 Vi, scic i 4x5 and 3)4
x 5%, Cci 5x7, 10c
THAT MAN PITTS
F. \V. PITTS, the Stationer,
100S .Market st., San Francisco.
• THE
Los Angeles Times
6AX FRANCISCO OFFICB
IS NOW IN
Room 41, Chronicle Bids.
' Telephone Main 1471.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
The Times is the advertising
\ . medium of tha Southwest.
''\u25a0JTf?w<pnK» '"TTnfflCTPffmiPSlßWmmWWssaT
HP THE I
PALACfc
Compre««d Atr cl«anlnr plant.
'•» Room telephones. . • : , ."*" '
• Steam beat ! and oDen afire*. ;. j
.' Perfect ventilation. \u25a0':,'»>\u25a0: \u25a0 :
Pipe organ and orchestra, ',
Perfect service.*- ,
'. Unexcelled cuisine/", .'i :
:. Every luxury attainable. ;
GR C] FA B iS\ "\u25a0 Ammunition, Hunting and
\u25a0 H SB*' Sporting Goods. Largest
U H 3bj Ktock- Low < 8 ' prices. Send
ojf Ifl <W 6HREVE & BARBER CO.,
\u25a0 * 739 Market st., and 021
- Kearny tU
; AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA
TO-NIGHT.
Cavallerla B.usticana and PPasllacd
With Petrella, Tlccl, Ansiolettl. Coppola,
Salaasa. Mono.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
ll* BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA
With TETRAZZINI, BazelH. Gregorettl. Dado»
Cervl.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS,
OTELL.O
With Petrella. Grasse. Anglolettl. Salassa.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
' " SOXNAMBVLA
With TETRAZZINI, BazeHi, Gresorettl.
SUNDAY NIGHT, LtA TR AVI ATA
With TETRAZZINI, BazelH, Gretrorettt.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK:
TUESDAY NIGHT. OCTOBER IT.
1L BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA
"WEDNESDAY NIGHT, CARMEN
With ALICE COXaiAN as CARMEN.
THURSDAY NIGHT. SOXXAMBULA
FRIDAY NIGHT. OTELLO
Seat* on Sale for All Performances.
W BUSH STREET **l
PHONE MAIN 127. S|
CHAS. P. HALL. Manager. U
To-N'ljtht and Every Evening;. - M
Mats. Tuesday, Fiilay, Saturday ml Sniday. 1
Sam Devere's Own |
Burlesque Co. |
Novelties In People, Chorus. Vaudevllla, H
Costumes, etc. } I
Evening Pricea — 15c to 75c Matinees, fj
25c reserved. Ea
BEIT— May Howard's Great Biflesina Co. Jj
CRANDS3m£
MATINEE SATURDAY— THIS WEEK ONI/T
"THERE'S A CHERRY Hf IT."
GEORGE IDPSSuISSfSur.
The Sultan
of Sulu
With the DANDIEST BUNCH OF GIRLS EVEH
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
IN OLD KENTUCKY
ALCAZAR "H^r
- Business Manajror.
TO-KTOHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUX.
All Fun and a Yard Wide/
WHAT HAPPENED
TO JONES
First Tim* LENORA KIRWIN as H&hnm.
Eves., 25c to 750; Mats. Sat., Sun., 23a to 60a.
MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
mBXT MONDAY — The Great Play
Of th« American Civil War Period."
TTH££ CRISIS
From. Winston Churchill* s NovsL
Market Street. Near Eighth: Opp. City HaU.
Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
MATINKJBS SATURDAiT A.^D SIJiDAr.
Stupendous Scenic Production of tha Famous
Kentucky Melodrama,
T - E WHITEGAPS
, By. OWEN DAVIS.
Popular Prices — Evenings. 100 to 800. Mati-
nees. 10c. 15c and 25c.
O C t, 16— *\u2666 Tracked Aronnd the World.**
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
/\ L. H AMBRAI
GL.ICKM AN*S YIDDISH ' PLAYERS.
. Friday eve.. Oct. , IS. *Th« Jews In Mo-
rocco"; Saturday - matinee. Oct. 14. "The
Jewish ' Emigrants" ;. Saturday eve., Oct.
14," '•Gabriel";. Sunday matinee. Oct. 15.
"Bowery < Tramp" ;. Sunday eve.. Oct. 15.
"The Jew In Roumanla."
Seats Now on Sale for All Perform-
- . ances.
Weekly Call, $1 Per Year
AMrSEMEXTS.
TIIU i IC^? AY EVENING AT S:IS AND
SATURDAY AFTERNOON* at 2:30.
TWO GREAT VIOLINISTS!
HUGO HEERMANN
And Hl* Son EMIL HEERUIXX
FRED MAURER Pianist
The Finest Profrrammes of Violin Music Ever
Given In This City.
Reserved Seats $1 50. 41 and 75c, now on sale.
NEXT ATTRACTION!!:
HAROLD BAUER
PIANIST.
Monday and Thursday Evenings, Oct. 18 aad 19
Saturday Afternoon. Oct 21
Season Tickets. $4 CO. J3 73 and $2 23. Now
on Sale. /
Single Seats. J2. Jl B0 and $L Ready Frt-
aay. October 13.
Complete Programmes May B« Obtained at
tho Box Office at Sherman. Clay & Co"
Coming to Alhambra— EMMA EAME3.
I
vWlnU if |Jo| M tEAOLIB THEfiHE
Nlshtly, Except Sunday*— MAT. SAT.
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
EtEM£R ROBSOIM
IN HER INTERNATIONAL SI7CESS.
"MERELY MARY ANN"
A Natural Comedy by Israel ZanrwUL
Special Matinee To-Morrow fTharsdar>
At 3 O'Clock.
Miss Robson as Constance In Browning's
44 1N A BALCONY"
No On« Seated After Rls« of Curtain.
delectablelaudevillei
ARTHUR PRINCE;
' Melanl Trlot Brownlnsr and Wallyi
LESLIE & DAILEY;
Frana Ebert and Company t Car If ton
Macy and Maml Edna Halls Dlxon and
Holmes j Hal Merrltt. and Orpheum
Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— loc. 28c and COo.
H. W. BISHOP Leases aad iTana««»
TO-XIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Thursday, Saturday and Sunday
BARiNEY BBRNARD
— IN—
Roland Reed's Moat Successful Play
"HUMBUG"
Next— Paul Leicester Ford's Effectual Story ad
Colonial Uf 9 . *\u25a0
"JANICE MEHEDITH.'*
Foon — "THE LIGHT ETERNAL."
Wednesday. Octobsr 11— San Francisco Cora,
cil No. 7. Young Men's Institute.
DIAMOND COMEDY FOUR '
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evenlas In the Theater.
RIDE Uf THE CIRCLE SWING I
'SPECIAL FEATURE
THE GREAT ZARROVV,
Sensational Cyclist. LEAPING THE GAP
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN ...8a
See 31lKnon, the Ponna and a Halt Baby,
•'* - In the Infant Incubator.
AMUSEaiENTS.
BASEBALL!
AT RECREATION PARK.
Seattle vs. San Francisco
WED.. THUR3. and FRIDAY 3:00 p.m.
Saturday 3:0O p. m,
SUNDAY 2:30 p. tnw
Admission. 33c; Grand Stand. SOc.
T> DTT CLII 7 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
bK U btliib ssj^s^.^tj
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera,
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. sho« factories *t*-
blemen. Ur-rocfers. tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCHAJTAN BRO8 H
Biuk ManniaetnTcxa. €09 3tcrwim t m*
ii ii n Mil m Jr|lhlWllMlWMlffiiiaMMWWllM"J"slril'Wiliiai«B»aa^sa»JJ r |lhlWllMlWMIffiiiaMMWWIIM"J"slril'Wiliiai«B»aa^sa»J
910
THE- WANT ALIS DO SOME VERY HARD TASKS EVERPAY—
THB^gC_M_k
JOHN D. SPIiIcKKLS- . . .Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXAUG-TT Manager
\y. J. MARTIN.. ..Business Manager
" ~ TELEPHONE.
%»^™?:::^ £
Terms by Mail. Including: Postage tCash With
DAILY CALL Onclud. 1 year. .$6.00
DAILY CAIJ, Cnclud. Sunday). « mos... «^w
J3AILY CALL— By Slr^le Month J£>
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year J M
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year .- • •••••;\u25a0 • *^
™*EIGN ISav-.^^leirl^
POSTAGE. \ w^eVy . 1.00 Per Year Extra
Bample Copies miU be forwarded when re-
. Mall subscriber, , c **^? h o^^v
drees ehould be particular to give both j»Eff
iLND OLD ADDUESS In order to mom _a
pVorr.pt and correct compliance vlth the.r re-
cuf>. •
OAKLAND OFFICE:
X 01« Broadway Telephone Main 1088
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1433 Park Street. Near Santa Clara Avenue.
Phone Alameda 553.
BERKELEY~OFFICE:
HtS Center 6trc*t Telephone North 17
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
V. E. CRANE 1400 G Street. N. W.
. NEW YORK NEW 3 STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
Ccion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Filth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eaerman House; P. O. News C°ji»SJ^i
Kortbtrn Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPF-ESENTATIVE:
C. GEOKGE KKOGNESS. Marcjuette Buildln*
(Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK P.EPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OKriCE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market cad Third streets ; open until
12 o'clock every night In the yew:
BRANCH OFFICES:
JCOS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
BOG Montgomery aye.: open until 9 p. ra.
too Hayes street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
tHit McAllister etreet; open until &:30 p. m.
f!5 Larkla etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
J r. Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. ra.
JOti Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p.- m.
1C36 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Nort beast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
t2w Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
431* 'J street, near' Ocean Boulevard; open
until 9 p. m.
jxi^tixg notices.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and m
A. M.. will inett THIS (WEDNES- Vv
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock and
exemplify the E. A. decree before
the M. VV. Grand Lodce of Califor-
nia. Visiting brethren cordially invited. By
order of the W. M.
\u25a0 H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1«3, F. and A. n
M.— Special meeting THIS (WED- %Af
NESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock,
ye.-end degree. U. E. ALLAN, Sec. *
FAHNSWORTH Lodge No! aHi ,-oav*..
J. \u25a0 O F.— First decree TH I S .in^Sfc^fc
\u25a0 v. EDNEf] >AY) EVENING. Oct. »,j£*sS?s«_2
11, Welcome Hall. Sojourning
brothers cordially invited.
C. A. HEXTRUM, Noble Grand.
G. A. BURMAN. Recording Secretary.
iIORSH Lodge No. 257. I. O. O.
F.- Initiation of r.fficf-rs THIS.»SBS**V&6.
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Oct.
11. Full attendance requested. \u25a0^\u25a0«#S_H"*'
Visitors cordially invited.
J. H. BRAMSTEDT, N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent »_r'Cu k .
Association— Quarterly meeting THIS J_»*w2
'WEDNESDAY) EVENING at CO" FESS?
Sutter st. Important business. All • c «_ft>
members are requested to be present. Fines
'or non-cttrndance.
P. 6AULOVICH. Pres.
M. J. RUSSELL. Secretary.
ATTENTION] Neighbors _
of Redwood Camp No. *&y& TjA
cordially rt>qur«:tp<j to at- t f^;-'s&3t!missL'%i
Stend a meeting of your | "Tr '
camp NEXT THURS- t "*
DAY EVENING. Oct. 12, 1905. Business of
importance will be transacted. By order of
ELLIS JONES. Con. Com.
J. N. BARCEL. Clerk.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. %\ per year
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
AA- DIVOitCE: costs $12: quick, quiet; ad-
.vlce free; no charge unless successful; open
evenings; wills, deeds, leasts, bills of sale
and article? cf co-partner«?h;p carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections and probating
of estates. 1<27 Market St., room 30L
AA— DIVORCE co«t» $12.
Quick, quiet; le<ral advice free.
No charge -—less successful.
All law business.'
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
R. W. KING. Atiorr.ey-at-I.aw. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room Gil; established 20
. years; all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3COI.
ADVICE fr<»e: legal divorce costs $12: ell law
caset* handled: no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; ether erenlnc* by appolnt-
r.i<-r.t: rail and sr.v money. 819 Mkt., r. 33.
_\u0084 S. CLAHK, 327 Market, room 302, ccnsulta-
t:cn frer; no fee in advance. Open evenings.
COMPLETE divorce for $^0 by able young at-
torney. Tor interview :id. lock box 422, city:
AGENTS WA2VTED,
WANTED— A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent for old--e««aJ?;ished ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address '-Old Es-
tablished." bex 3381, Call office.
AGENTS make $:0 per <j a j. Ee ilins our "Mend-
aiip": It sews, it rivets> our "Farmers'-
Standby": S tools In one: p«y>d side line with
It. THOMAS N. FOOTE CO.. Los Angeles.
A .SX! F i?i A .JE URE -
A. DI N'OLA'P asthrra remedy cures; for eal*
bjr all drug-pis!*; ninin depot 1602 Market
Ft.. Ft. Nicholas Hotel; lCc. 2T>c. 50c postage.
BOCKKEEPIXG.
LET us keep your books; nothing too Urge.
nothing too small; we make a specialty of
keepir.tr smar 1 6tts of bocks
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO
!>:. Montgomery 13H. 830 Market Bt.
BOARDIVG FOR CHII.DKEX.
LADY wants child to board and teach German-
gunny home; garden. 1135 Turk st.
BICYCLES.
AhJj kinds 6econd-harad bicycles bought, sold
arnl exchange. J. w. FRY. 1820 Polk EL
COLLIiCTIOX OFFICES!
BAD tenar.ts ejected for $i; collections^mad*-
city or country. Pacific Collection Co. 415
Montgomery Et.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
, DEXTISTsT^ ~~
PREXLER PAXXX-SSS \J>ES!TXU COMPANY"
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest rrices"
Full tet of teeth, $2; silver CUtagaw 25e; gold
ttllinss. Jl; sold cruxes, $3: bridge work. S3.
110< Market ft., corner Turk.
A NKV." plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break-
werranied JO vrs.. crowns, fS 50: fillings. 50c:
l>»ates. 55; full «et; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
Uli. LUDLUM HILL. 144.1 Market, near 11th—
No charee for extracting when riates are
made; eld Dintee made over like new: teeth
:n;m $!a per set; extracting Siic; gas given.
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dcntl*t, removed to 40ti
Setter St., rcvr.iE 7 and 8.
KILLINGS. 2.V snd 50k-: crowns. ?2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. «C 9 Mission. SE. cor. tiUi.
COLD Cl!ln«8, 75c: silver. 35c; crowns.. *2. no
*a_j; op. Sun Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lOH4 Grant ay.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A—s4oo;A — $400; FRUIT store; choicest location in the
Mission- business Al; cwntr to g<' to Tono-
pah; a 'bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2G14
Kearny st. ';\u25a0 »\u25a0 v-
A— si3CO; CORNER grocery and bar with S
living rooms; choicest location. Western Ad-
dition; rert $iU; place established years;
I owner to leave America. Call R. G. WILKE.
' 20 VS Kearny et. t
A— s2so; WELL established restaurant and
chophouse with 2 rooms: on water front; rejit
$10; a rare chance; inr.King money. R. G.
WILKE. 26U, Kearny st. _;
: OLD eetablUhed bakery la Western Addition;
large store tpide: bnke C barrels a day:
owner engaged In other business only cause
of gale. Call R. G. WILKH. 20 & Kearny.
CHANCE cf lifetime; a painting, whitening,
paperhanglng business; everything complete
to do any Job; stock, tools, etc. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2ti»i Kearny st.
A—?2r>oO;A — ?2r>0O; SALOON on California street, close
to Montgomery, and A No. 1 pa>'l n 8 busi-
nest; owner to leave city; full value in
eight. All particulars at R. GI WILKE' S,
1:6*4 Kearny bt.
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, in wholesale dis-
trict; mercantile lur,ch; no Sunday or night
work; place doing a rushing: business;
would exchange for property. K. O.
WILKE. 'M^, Kearny st.
A— soso; BAKERY and confectionery en Mason
B.; 2 years' lease; established 20 years;
monthly sales $1200; a rare chance. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; BUTCHER shop with 5 years' lease;
very best location; lith ami Market sts.; full
value in sight; a rare bargain. Call R. G.
WILICK. 20 & Kearny Et. '
A— s2ooo; BAKEM; established years; baking
4 barrels a day; 2 ovens, 2 horses, 1 wagon;
large etore trade. Particulars at R. G.
WILKE' S, 2UVj Kearny St. |
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent <or old-established ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address "Old Es-
tablished." box 3551. Call office.
HOTEL and hotel property for sale — The old-
established Willows Hotel, situated at San
Lorenzo, Alanieda County. Is for sale; will
be sold reasonable on account of recent
death cf owner; property is composed of 2
acres of orchard and p-arden land, hotel of
26 rooms, cottage of 7 rooms, bar. dining-
room, dance hall bowling alley, hotel bus,
etc. Inquire o.' HENRY MULLEH. 1701 De-
visadero st., Ean Francisco.
WELL-KNOWN restaurant for sale; doing
good business; in a city not far from S. F. ;
located near th« courthouse, fronting P. O.
and theater: completely furnished; French
range, 17 tables, private rms: cash reg. and
refrigerator; cheap; fine opp. for right party.
App. Hlanda & Co.. «27 Mor.tsomery st..S. F.
CHEAPEST SALOON IN CALIFORNIA.
Best located and appointed saloon in this
prosperous city; 15,t*i0 trading population;
first-class trade; long lea.se; every dollar In
sight; quick pale account sickness; price
$3*oo. Add. P. O. box 222. Watsonvllle. Cal.
WELL established incorporated real estate
company desires services of competent man
as manager of one of their country offices;
good live town of 2500 within SO miles of
S. F. ; must be a hustler and have $1500
cash or security. Box 3751, Call.
HOTEL AND SALOON— v
$1100^ — In factory dlstilct. Hotel and saloon
with 18 furnished rooms. Liquor, license,
etock and everything goes at this price.
Business amounts to $500 per montVi. Own-
er leaving city. 1450 San Bruno aye.
FOR SALE.
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, saddlery, shoe findings and leather
buslnese on the coast for eale; can make all
the money you want. Correspond with JOHN
T. STOLL, Sacramento, Cal.
AN energetic man with $2500 capital, or a good
plumber with that amount of capital can
buy an interest and draw a salary In a good
paying business; Investigate at once. Box
2083. Call office.
FOR sal* — One of the leading restaurants In
Berkeley: price $1200. For further particu-
lars apply to J. P. HALE, 1511 Shattuck
aye., northwest corner of Ehattuck and
Union st.
$200 — PARTNER wanted; established business;
no previous experience required; sure to pay
$90 a month to each; steady man required;
call and Inquire. 1027 Vt Market st., room 2.
RESTAURANT and cafe for pale in Interior
town; weil equipped; good business; only
fint-clasa restaurant In town. For par-
ticulars address box 3757. Call office.
$1000 — RESTAURANT and lunch room; fine
business; best location; must cell quick for
good reason; a bargain. D. L. JUNCK, 2111
Shattuck aye., Berkeley.
FRUIT and vegetable store; doing good busi-
ness; 3 horses, 2 wagons, harness; price
$250. Inquire of CAMPODONICO & BURNS,
501 Front st.
$500 — REAL estate buflness with lease; low'
rent; good location. J. P. HALE. 1511 Shat-
tuck aye., or cor. University and Shattuck
ayes., Berkeley, Cal.
RIGHT party with $1000 can learn of excep-
tional opportunity: estab. office bus.; see me
Wednesday. McLEAN. 1101 Jas. F:ood bid.
FOR SALE — Business requiring $20,000; will
Interest party wishing to place active son;
control celling end. Box 3737, Call.
$175 — Delicacy and lunchhouse; good trade;
complete /stock; cheap rent. Call at 122
Ninth st^ fish market.
SHOE store; family tradft; (urn. rooms; cash
reg. ; good repair trade; ownea going East;
good man can clear $150 mo. 509 Larkin tt.
FOR sale — Home bakery; delicatessen; dining-
room : account of sickness: living rooms: will
teach buyer how to bake. 417 O'Farrell st.
ON account of leaving city will sacrifice good
paying real estate office. Apply 1206 Market
st., room 2C.
i FOR sale — Office furniture, desk, chairs, type-
writer; office to rent; fine location. Call
8 Taylor st., room 319 Donohoe building.
BUSINESS requiring $20,000 will interest party
wishing to place active son; control celling
end. Box 3737. Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
$250 — BRANCH bakery, stationery, notions,
candy, etc.; 4 rms.; rent $1C 1223 Steiner st.
SALOON, downtown. JOSEPH STRAUB. t»0
Market st.
FOR sale — Roatlhouse and hotel; near city; do-
ing good business. Box 3708. Call.
CANDY and ice cream parlor; well established';
good location; $500. 621 Vallejo st.
HCRSESHGEING and blacksmith shop; good
cash trade; a snap. Address box 3625, Call.
A COAL yard cheap; also-roomln.i?-hou.'*es. $200
and upward. Call 336 Phelan building.
LAUNDRY plant for sale; good order. SPECK,
2132 Folsom st. '
A CITY outside route of The Call for sale. Ap-
ply 3164 Twenty-fourth st,
FOR Rale — Snloon doing good business; fine lo-
cation: price reasonable. Apply 845 Folsom.
ELECTRIC laundry, est. S yrs.. for tale. In-
cluding prop; doing good bus. Bex 3526, Call.
GOOD Call route for sale. Avsfcr at Call
office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
Lodging-houses^^or~salk.\
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
• 3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlnft-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Fine home, choice location. 12 extra well
furnished rooms, where you can clear $60 per
month and have 3 best room*.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st 'Ty*
SCHWEINHARD & CO..
Real Estate and Rooming-House Brokers,
1008% Market st... opp. sth; phone Jeseie 3041.
Buyers: We ha\-o houses to suit you; honest
values guaranteed or no sale. '..
FISHER & CO Phone Main 3354
Room 438, James Flood Building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats, j
PRIVATE boarfllng-house; factory district.
Cs.ll at grocery store. 10X0 Folsom st.
$5!>0— 17-ROOM house; clears $00 month; rent
$45. 613 Turk st, -
NEATLY furnished 22-room lodging-house; fine
transient trade; bargain for cash. 146 4th Bt.
Itoomlnc-Houwn and Hotel* for Sale.
070 Market. St.. Room 801. Eighth Floor.
Uoomir.g-HouEe Broker. Phone Main 3343.
FOR /RUPTURE. •
DR.- PIERCES Magnetic Elastic~TrussT~per-
fect retainer: positive cure; book free Re-
moved to 206 K>_rnw «t_ ran-, XNI .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER/ 11, 1905.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— PROF. NIBLO.
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL -THIS WEEK.
MY $3 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
$1 00— LOW FEE— (I 00.
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING
FOR $1 IF YOU BRING THIS
ADVERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES ST.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge If I fail to call
you by name In full, names of your friends,
enemies or rivalß. I promise to tell you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart is
true or false; tell you how to gain the love
of the one you most desire, even though
miles away; how to succeed in business,
uptculation, lawsuits: how to marry the one
yf your choice; how to regain youth, health
and vitality. Removes evil Influences, cures
drink habits, locates treasures, cures all
nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
Hcv.' can I tucceed In business 7
How can I make my home happy?
How car. I conquer my enemies?
How can I marry the one I choose?
' How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rivals?
How can I make any one love m*?
How soon will my lover propose?
Hew can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can I control any one?
How make distant ones- think of me?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
Oldest Established. First Registered.
Best Known Clairvoyant In California,
Others may come and others may go, but
Professor NIBLO always remains.
Hours. 10 to 8 daily and Sunday.
411 A Ellis st.. near Jones Bt.
Permanently located In hl» own home.
* ; PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth, be it good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee in advance and leaves It to
your Judgment whether ha has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 50c. Hours 10 to 8.
! LIVINGSTONE — 2CVi Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A PHENOMENAL $5 mental reading for $1.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE 1031 Market st.
Yoghl Initiate, clairvoyant, pßychlo palmist.
Tell you more than all others combined;
how to overcome sickness, drink or weak
habits, enemies, spells, lost vitality, bad
luck; find treasures, valuable mines; marry
your choice; restore lost love; secure secret
powers of contrcl; reunites separated; Im-
plants business success. Hours 10 to 8.
$10,000 for his equal; readings by mall $2.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Kills St.,
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
. the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
__ gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. ?1; hours
10-8 p. m. : French, German, English spoken.
CASSANDRA, 1007% Market at., near Sixth —
Before taking any important step in love,
marriage, divorce purchases, sales, Invest-
ments Journeys, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist, Cassandra; she is
the famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also the assassin-
ation of President McKinley; readings, $1;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and Psychic; the oldest and
best-known clairvoyant In San Francisco.
Reopened at 3C6 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to
5. Readings by mall. $2. .
ISiIAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vpndome, 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
n. m. to sp. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12. Phone
South 1141. '
A SAFE investment — Your life read accurately
by Mme. Roberts, clairvoyant, palmist, mys-
tic card reader: her power of clairvcyany is
marvelous: trial will convince. 108% Hayes.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar. ; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102% Cth, nr. Mission.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names M)c, $1. 1035 Flllmore.. nr. McAllister.
MME. RAVENNA. v the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives namfg; advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
RETURNED. MME. ODELL. card and tea-cup
reader: 25c-50c. satisfaction guar. 505 Jones.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from IPS Sixth st. to 05t Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
MARGRET ALDORA, spiritual medium. Just
from East; ctrcle Wednesday and Friday
evenines; readlncs, daily. 450 Geary at.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed.. 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st. \u25a0
PALMISTRY.
A— RETURNED. H. Jerome Fosselli, scientific
palmist. t'l'J Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Black C 603
CARPET-BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proces used
for cleaning carpets on floor without remov-
al; carpet and rugs also clianed by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company, 308 Mar-
ket et. ; phone Main 152 and 8u5h. 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 2c. FREI> HAGE-
DORN & CO.; TJhone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Colden Gate aye. & Larkin; phone Eaet 126.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison «t. ; tel. Mission 263.
lace: curtains and blankets.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain House; most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Flllmore; phone West 5300.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWART'S Lining. Pleating "and Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor st. will remove to 14
and 10^Taylor st. about October 1.
MRS. ESTEB. fashionable dressmaking St.
Kathrya Hotel. 4SO Ellis; tel. East 1359. i
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Ew. class; patterns cut. 1190 Market st.
DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
CARPENTER and builder wants work by day
or contract. C. C. LEROY, 602 Jessie st.
EDUCATIONAL^
A^CH6birTO^M^CE^lE^?r"^"^~~^~^~"
NOT. TO MAKE MONEY.
Over half a million invested; Young Men's
Christian Association Institute of Practical Ed-
ucation. Mason and Ellis els., San Francisco;
night and day classes; foreigners taught Eng-
lish; night and day school ror men; school for
employed boys; night law school; 30 subjects
taught; 25 instructors' employed; steam engi-
neering a specialty: all commercial branches;
a full business course; the greatest system of
night schools in existence; gymnasium privi-
leges included to students; apply for descriptive
catalogue. \
H. J. McCOY, General Secretary.
E. E. ESDON. Acting Educational Director.
ALL who deelre to prepare for teachers' ! exam-
inations or State normal schools should Join
the special fitting' clasoca of the . Lyceum,
Phelan bldg.; noted specialists In charge who
prepared many successfully; excellent refer-
ences; shortest time; moaerate rates; teach- I
,trs now in great demand,
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and .we. shall prepare you; day,
evening session; references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HEALD'S School of Mineo and Enginerlng. £4
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, eteam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 Post st.
Established 18C3; largest in the West; annual
enrollment 1000; send; for circular. \u25a0
ALL who desire good positions should attend
•' this ; college; wa have ; had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, 738 Mission st.r .
VOICE culture, singing, piano; Italian method;
classes now forming. .MRS. FRANCK 644
Fillmnn. •«•.
EDTJOATIONAI/— -Continqed.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS. "COL.; 933 Market
St.. conducted by Robt. F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you co; typing, bookkeeping. Catalogue. 1
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
DANCING, both adult 'and children's classes,
now open at Hlnman'g School of Dancing,
1412 Polk st., near California; phone 2120.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, el»c. mln.. mech.,_ sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornia-Students Joln-
»d. Business. Stenographic. 925 Golden Gate.
A— SPANISH. French, Italian, English branch-
es. MRS. AMES. 1311 Octavla st..,nr. Geary.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Post St.— Night classes.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. £|
A— ORPHEUM Employment office— Japanese.
Chinese help; removed to 562 Sutter St.. be-
| tween Powell and Mason; tel. Main 5752.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post Bt.; tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W .
KADOTA.. 40'J Powell St.; tel. Malm 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japantse-Chlnese emp. office
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 859.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S. removed to 518 Pine ;tel. Grant 156.
Flnfst Japanese help; housecleanlng specialty:
Geo. R. Kuniabe, 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
H. W. HONG, 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment office: best help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furnlsh-
ed; housecleanlng. "08 Taylor: James 7606.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all klndß help. 315 Stockton. Main SlBB.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
INTELLIGENT reader desire 3 engagements;
reading to Invalids, blind or elderly people
or children. Address Reader, 68 Waller art.
COMPETENT Protestant as child's nurse; lived
with excellent New York families; Southern
California preferred. Box 3775, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes situation for gsneral
housework; city or country; best- of refer-
ences. 1761 Mission st. \u25a0
FINLAND girl, good cook, wants work. Amerl-
can family. $30. 220 Rltch st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires cleaning or
housework In evenings. 118 Clifford et.
WANTED — Position by 2 girls; one to do pan-
try work or hslp In kitchen In hotel or lunch
house; other cooking, general housework In
American private family; wages $25 and $20.
Please call. 027 Washington St.. near Powell.
MIDDLE-AGED English woman; good cook;
strictly temperate and reliable; as housekeeper
to widower with family; fond of and capable
of giving a mother's care to young children;
$25 per month. Box 3719. Call.
A GOOD housekeeper: an elderly, respectable
woman wishes situation to do light house-
work or to care for the sick: good mother
to children. 834 Waller St., between W r eb-
ster and Flllmore.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situaticn to do
light housework; Is fond of children; wages
from $10 to $12. Call at 47 Shipley St.. be-
tween Third and Fourth.
POSITION as working housekeeper or cham-
berwork by competent, reliable woman; city
or country. Call from 1 to 6p. m., 207 Eddy
st.. room 7.
A NEAT, reliable young woman wants posi-
tion In small family to do general house-
work and plain cooking; no washing or chil-
dren: wapres $25. Address E. M.. 1212 Hyde.
WANTED — Position of trust, managing house-
keeper or. matron, by a middle-aged New
England woman: only first-class parties need
answer. Address A. R.. 1038 Ellis st.
AN artistic dressmaker and designer wishes
few'more engagements; $2 60 per day; work
satisfactory. Phone Church 6427 before S:3O
a. m. or after «:80 p. m. .
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor. Jacket, coat,
suit maktr shirt waist suits; work taken In;
fits guaranteed: satisfaction given; engage-
ments per day. MISS BARSS. 321 Franklin.
H RESPECTABLE, middle-aged German
woman wants to go nut to do cooking, Iron-
ing or housecleaning by the day; no washing.
Box 3703. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as copyist In
lawyer's office or reception clerk In doctor's
office; had experience; references furnished.
Box 307 C, CalL \u25a0'
TRAINED nurse would like a position In an
institution or to take ckarge of an Invalid;
highly recommended. Box 3747, Call.
POSITION wanted by an experienced book-
keeper; competent and reliable. MARY M.
FAHEY. 538 Turk st.
COMPETENT laundress wishes iwork by the
day; Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
Phone East 4543; evenings.
WANTED by 3 colored girls from the East —
Cook, chamberwork or laundress; hotel or
private* Call or address 1006 Clay st.
YOUNG German woman, experienced house-
keeper, wishes position In a Christian fam-
lly only; wages $30. Address 144 . Day st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wantß position; Is
also stenographer; references. Box A. Call
office, San Jose.
A RELIABLE lady wishes to take care of chil-
dren evenings during parents' absence.; 25c
hour. Phone Page 7931. -
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $25. Call or address 26S Minna st.
GERMAN women wants to do upstairs work;
speaks very little English. Box 37U9, Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work In pri-
vate family. 78 Sanchez at.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation;
wages $40. 508 Stockton st.
OBSTETRICAL nurse; doctor's references. 424
Fourteenth st. Phone Church 3205.
WANTED — A poritlon as companion and maid
to a lady. Box 3U22, Call office.
ELDERLY woman wants position In small
family for light housework. 211 27th st.
GERMAN girl wants position to do general
housework. Call 122 Olive aye.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook, hotel $50 month.
Fine cook for steamers, also chief, $60; sec-
ond cook, $35 and $40.
Flrst-class laundress, $30 month up.
Good chamberwork, $30 month up.
First-class help always on hand.
GEO. X.. propr.. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
WANTED — By an expert accountant and book-
keeper a few sets of books where the . busi-
ness, will not Justify a regular bookkeeper;
terms according to amount of work, but rea-
sonable; private estates taken care of and
collecting done; open for engagements after
October 15. or address box 3G41. Call office.
POSITION of any kind wanted by an honest,
reliable man; handy with tools and ex-
perlenced driver. Box 377i>. Call office.
POSITIONS wanted by man and wifo as cook
and chambermaid; city or private place; re-
liable. Box 374(5, Call office.
YOUNG man, . 28 years eld, wants to learn
painter's trade, sign or house. Address box
3713, Call office.
YOUNG boy (13) wieheo any kind of work after
school. Address J 335 Natoma St..
WANTED — Position first-class chauffeur In
private family; can furnish references. Ad-
dress JOS. J. WAMPACH. Hotel St.
James, corner Bush st. and Grant aye.
CARPENTER — Foreman, flrst-class mechanio,
wishes to take charge of work for private
parties: these that' want to build residences
cr flats; city or country. 80x. 3748, Call. ! |
SOBER, industrious man, middle-aged, wants
situation; private 'place;: house,' garden, etc.;
can do plain cooking; references; wages $20.
Box 3756, Call offlc*. .
A YOUNG, active married man, age 30, does
any kind of work, not afraid of work, wishes
steady employment. '. 2011% Hyde St., or
box 8754, Call office.
YOUNG man, aged 24, with 3 years' experi-
\u25a0encein the hardware business, wishes post-
tlon filling orders or lelllng : goods; city , or
.country; best of, references. Box 3707, Call. /
YOUNG business man from East wants charge
of store, or clerk;' 8 years' experience In
general merchandise; -reference. L. E.
-EARSLEY. 1514 Mission at. . : -
AN honorably discharged cavalry, sergeant, ' 20
years of age, character rxcvllsnt, derlros posi-
tion , handling . horses for | flrst-class people.
Address box 3623, Call office.
WANTED — Position ' around ; private place by
reliable man; understands care of horses and
.gardening; - handy with, tools. -H. 8., 613
' MnntKnmrrJ'.. St. \u25a0 \u25a0._ - .\u25a0 \u25a0 - ' - \u0084
YOUNG man (25) wishes situation as butler In
private family; understands his duties; has
long and excellent references; can also drive;
country preferred. Address M. MANNING.
"2 Langton st. : . ' -
ELECTRICIAN (marine), young man with 5
years' experience, desires position with elec-
trical' company; is thoroughly competent,
strictly reliable and will work faithfully for
employers. Box 3673, Call.
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms or persons "to keep evenings" or
Sundays; terms low; Interview requested.
Box 3600.' Call. -
BARBER, young married man: wants steady
position; 6^4 years in last place. Box 3772,
Call office. .
GARDENER and all-around man. • sober and
steady, wishes situation- well recommended.
Adddress Gardener. 331 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, Belgian, singlo man,
wants place In . private family or boarding-
house; references. 80x'3725, Call.
WANTED — Position by candy-maker; 25 years'
experience; all around man; best of refer-
- er.ces. Box 3729, Call office.
BLACKSMITH and carpenter who understands
all kinds of work on a ranch wants posl-
tlon. A. JOHNSON. 529 Sacramento at.
SINGLE man wants position In city; does not
use tobacco or Intoxicents; wages moderate.
Address 11. 8., box 3619, Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged, wants position as
Janitor ;or lunchman; experience and . refer-
ences. Box 3653. Call.
AN experienced, all-around butcher desires to
get work or to get Into partnership: city or
country. Address F, 8.. 1547 Fitte'enth st.
COOK, flrst-class. auber. active, steady, well-
recommended, wishes situation In a family
hotel. Address 44 Hartford st. -
CARPENTER' (first-class) wants work; day or
contract; old houses shingled. W. M. PEAJt-
SON. 48 East at.'
A GOOD reliable first-class gardener and all-
round man wishes situation; best references.
Box 4976. Call.
ARMATURE winder and practical «leotrtcl_a,
8 years' experience, wants permanent posl-
tlon. Box 3693. Call.
GERMAN housecleaner wants house and wln-
dow cleaning. A. POHLSEN. 706 Van Ness.
FIRST-CLASS German barber wants position.
Address M. BOCHOW. 635 Stevenson st.
YOUNG man. experienced In bookkeeping.
wants evening work. Box 3675 # . Call. !
MACHINIST, 20 years' experience, of Inventive
habits, wants work. Box 3659. Call office.
BOILERMAKER wants employment. Apply
box 3610. Call. __'
GROCERY clerk wants position; good recom-
mendation. Box 30-15, Call office.
FIREMAN wants poeitloh; « year's experience
In coal. Address 3614. Call office.
NIGHT worker; Japanese boy; 6 to 12 p. m.
Address T. SAKATA, 810H Stockton Bt.
GARDENER; all branches; single; reference*.
Box 3625, Call office.
TWO Japanese want positions of cook and
waiter in Oakland: good experience. 619
Tenth st., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED, nrst-elass Japanese cook,
graduate Yamada's Cooking School, under-
tands fancy cooking and baking, wants
good position in city; has references. S. S.,
1410 Pine. Phone East 160 S.
EXPERIENCED first-class Japanese cook
wants DO3ltion In city family: has refer-
ence; S7 or $8 week up. KIME, 504 Du-
pont Et. : Japanese store; phone Black 4541.
AAA— First-class Japanese cook wants position
In private family; honest and reliable boy;
$7 or $8 a w<ck. Box 3750. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
and housework. 849 Bush st.; tel. Black 199(5.
JAPANESE cook wants situation In family. S.
TAKEMIYA. SO" Polk st.
JAPANESE, firet-clasH cook, wants situation
In gun club. AddreFS F. S.. 258 A O'Farrell.
A .JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position. 710
Sutter st. •
CHINESE, with best references as an excellent
and experienced family cook, wishes posi-
tion; city or country; call or write. 721
Stockton st.; phone Red 5973. -.
FIRST-CLASS Chineae cook wants position In
private family; no wasnlng. SING LEE,
1005 Stockton St. ' -
CHINESE first-class cook wants position In
hotel restaurant or boarding-house. WONG
YOW\ 809 Dupont 6t.
CHINESE boy, flrst-class family cook, wants
position. 522 Dupont st
FINANCIAL.
SOME treasury stock In old estab. brick com-
pany for sale; absolutely safe, conservative;
haa paid 15% past 15 yeara. Box 3778. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
— AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed In
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Saves a world of
time and trouble.
Service <s absolutely fre«.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
10.59 Market st.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming- houses; our
renting department is free of all; we can find
you a home In any part of the city; ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 215-259 Geary
6t. (on the square).
S ROOMS, bath and wash tubs eaoh; 118-USH
Perry, near Third and Harrison; 39-41-43
Langton, 4 and 5 rooms, bath and wash tubs;
new, clean and convenient; 711 Harrison. 4
rooms; C 57 Jessie, near Seventh, 8 rooms.
NEW modern flat; 5 rooms and bath; newly
tinted: $20. 3825 Twenty-fourth st., near
Church. .
HALF month's rent free; come and see those
beautiful flats, 4 rooms and bath; $18, $20.
2736 to 2756 Franklin st. ; marine view.
$25 — ELEGANT flat. 5 rooms, bath. 901 Scott
St., NW. cor. McAllister. Owner, 168 Chat-
tanoosa st. -
BRODERICK, 143, near Halght— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, .beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc.; owl cars; rent reasonable.
BROADWAY, 1255. nr. Hyde — Sunny" flat, S
large rooms; sanitary; fine lawns; $8 to $11.
SIX elcrant new runny 'flats; rent Very rea-
sonable; 6r. and b. ea. 449 to 459 Chestnut.
$23 — SUNNY flat of C rooms, bath, garden;
adults. 2710 Pine st.
$16 — 240 TOWNSEND St.; 4 rooms and bath.
SUNNY upper flat. .7 rooms and bath; rent $25
102fi Steiner st.. near Pine.
NEW sunny 5-room flats; separate largo yard;
tinted; $20; near park. 557 Third aye.
CLEMENTINA. 183, cor. 6th— Lower sunny flat
of 6 rooms ; biy yard and side entrance; $17.
$25— NORTHEAST .corner Pine and Steiner
sts.; 5 rooms mid bath.
$17— CORNER upper flat: 5 sunny rooms and
bath: tinted. 3-T36 Twenty-sixth st.. nr. Capp.
TWO fine sunny flats, 3 and 7 rooms, bath; key
at 713 Grove st. \u25a0 . . • :i.:
FLATS FOR SALE— FUIIIVISHED.
NEWLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room flat;
will sell or rent cheap. Box 3759. Call office.
.FUP.NISHED corner flat of 6 rooms for sale;
price' sl7s. 1030 Folsom st.
$125— FURNISHED flat, 4 rooms; 2 rooms pay
rent. 872 Clementina st.; call before 3 p. m.
FUUNITURE WANTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; It will pay. you to send
• for me before you "sell your furniture, car-
pets. piano, eto. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market
' st.. r bet. Oth ' and 10th, .paying big money for
turmturt. etc. 178.
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY -MAYER, pays highest prices for fur-
niture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tet Bush 813
Z._ABELEVY, 1133 Market St.. phone Jessie
701. pays cash and buys everything. .
FUnVITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pl-
nnos and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 163.6 Mkt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Young women to learn : telephone
• operating; salary while learning; references
. required. Apply after 9 a. m.. 216 Bush st..
.. third floor. " • - . • •
YOUNG girl to do cooking and light house-
work; two adults. 2841 . Devlsadero St., nr.
Union.". . - . . :;:'\u25a0;•\u25a0
HELP WANTED— FEMAIiE— -Contlnned
A— CENTRAL CAL. EMP. CO.. SSS OTarreU.
. Male and Female Help. Phone Main 3i-»-
Girl, office work.... $4 week
4 labelers, experienced or inexperienced..
j : $20 mo.
Girl for" shaking out towels, laundry... s7 wk.
Lady's maid f^JJ
Parlormaid, waitress j£j*
Second girl to travel 3 months ••*-»
6 second girls. 1 Oakland * 2O "f^s
German second girl «i£
Nurse j(slck children), institution $"-•>
Infant's nurse..' •••• .:.^
Professional nurse, infant >- !l > j
Cook, family 4 ff l V \
Nurse, 2 children, 3 years and. 20 mo. ..$-& j
Cook and second girl. Sausallto $20-s|>j
Cook and second girl, Oakland
Laundress, private family 5 : *5
Girl, charge diet kltchan, hospital *--v>
30 girls, housework^- city and country. s2s-S3O
COOK. 10 men city $]|5
Cook, 12 men, near Oakland '• $30
Cook and second girl. city, same house.s3o-S2O
Man and wife, chicken rancn S3o
6 cooks. German families, city $30-s3o
Cook for American family. Ross Valley.. s3o
Maid to elderly lady, city ••••I^-552
• 2 parlor maids ?2S-$3O
4 second girls, city S?iJs_B3
3 nurseglrls $15-?20-|-a
4 lroners for country laundry *•»
Chambermaid, assist waiting, fam. hotel.s-3
3 housekeepers, city \u2666 15 "J-;?
Chambermaid and wait ons meal 5-o
3 waitresses, city and country hotels ...$-3
Man and wife for clubhouse, city ......$5O
Girl to attend flower stand. country--$lO wk
Cook on a ranch • *- 5
44 general housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20-s2o-SSO. C«U to-day. J. F. CRO3-
ETT &. CO.. 334 Sutter st.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z. in 1 mo. for $0 to
these entering now; 7 positions to njl guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
clas3. 234 Post st.. room 17. second floor.
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish in 1 mo. for $13;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 10. 2d floor.
LEARN halrdresslng, facial massage, manlcur-
ing.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes: positions walt-
lng; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r 2-3.- 2d floor.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESBARY;
GOOD - PAY; STEADY "WORK. __JVI
BTRAUSS A. CO.. 32% FREMONT ST. MR-
DAVIS.
BEWINO machine operators on shirts; dean,
light factory; steady work; Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
\u25a0t., tet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
BRIGHT GIRLS, ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE.
TO LEARN SHIRTMAKING. WITH A
FIXED AMOUNT GUARANTEED WHILE
LEARNING. STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
TORY. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — A young lady who Is experienced
In clerical work; apply between 9 and 10.
Wednesday morning. I. MAGNIN & CO..
43-53 Ellis st. '__
WANTED — An experienced saleslady for no-
tion department: no other need apply.
PRAGERS. Market and Jones sts.
GIRL wanted to learn to Inspect knit goods;
paid by the day. GANTNER & MATTERN
CO.. GO7 Grove st.
WANTED — 2 experienced salesladies for art
needle work department. Apply superintend-
ent's office. The Emporium.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for invalid
lady; good home; wages moderate: short dis-
tance from city. Box 3714. Call.
LADIES wishing profitable spare time fancy
work, requiring no experience or talent, call
9 to 5. 1341 Market St.. opp. Seventh.
GIRLS wanted; no experience necessary. Mu-
1 tual L. & L. Co.. Second and Bryant sts..
Bryant-st. entrance.
HAND lroners, starchers and mangle girls
wanted. Apply at United States Laundry.
3111 Sixteenth st..- near Valencia.
WANTED — Girls to pad collars and canvas;
also girls to baste edges and button-hole
hands. 49 Geary Et.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists: steady em-
ployment. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
APPRENTICES on gloves: wages from start.
CARSON GLOVE CO., 123 Second st. -.
EXPERIENCED girl to wait at table in bak-
ery- Call early. 413 Third st.
GIRL to assist at housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 2102 Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS operator, also finishers, on cus-
tom pants; steady work. 411 Vi Kearny st.
MANICURE and apprentice wanted. COS-
GROVE'S, 110 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse, $30. Central
California Employment Co.. 38S O'Farrell st.
YOUNG lady for candy factory. MASKBY'S,
. 32 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, private family; $33.
Central Cal. Emp. Co., 388 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl. 15 or 16, to help in bakery store.
2439 California st.
GIRL wanted — General housework and cook-
ing; no children. 626 Shotwell st.
GIRL wanted for general housework at 2845
Sacramento «t.
LADIES, learn hairdresslng and manicuring;
special terms: day and evening class; only
up-to-date college in city; situations guaran-
teed. MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 403
Powell et.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking
required: two adults and two children la
family; good wages. Apply 215 Ash bury St..
near Hayes, after 1 p. m.
OPERATORS, tuckers and finishers on ladles'
waists; good pay. JUDA BROS.. 320 Mar-
ket St..
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; small
family; can sleep home if preferred. 161
Central aye., corner Page st.
LADY barber wanted; good wages. 7X3 How-
ard st. - - '
CERTIFICATE teacher, district school in Calt-
fornia. CALVIN ESTERLY. 515 Panmtt bid.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist in light house-
work. 274 Tenth avenue, Richmond.
WANTED — An operator on pants. 340 Minna
St.. between^ Fourth and Fifth. .
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt, coat and sleeve
hands; machine 01 eratcr«. 1200 Geary st.
WOMEN wanted to work in cannery. Webster
St.. between McAllister and Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Girls of 16 years and older. Ap-
ply American Can Co.. 7th and Townsend.
FIFTY girls wanted for frultwork: good pay.
PACIFIC COAST SYRUP CO..' 713 Sansome.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
\u25a0;«Cal!, 1C pages, cent tonny address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BARBERS— Employment and Supplies.
INDEPENDENT Shaving Parlor— s-cnair shop
for sale cheap on account of sickness ; three-
year lease: rent Jl5; water $1 75; average
. guaranteed receipta,- $60 per week. Address
\u25a0F. H. R., Call Agency. San Jose.
$700 — 3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; best-
paying business In the city; up-to-date fix-
tures; choice location; Market St.; cheap
rent. COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bulldln?.
RARE opportunity; fine trade, good transient.
6-chair shop: will add 1 or 2 more chairs
In short while: investigate. Box 3774. Call.
2-CHAIR barber shop, with cigar stand that
pays expenses of shop; bargain If sold at
once. 1644 Park St.. Alameda.
BARBERS — Chance to finish trade; flrst-class
locality; opp. Mission Theater; small amount.
31 52 \u25a0 Twenty-second st. ' . .
A NEAT one-chair barber shop for sale; rea-
sonable. Address B. _t. WATSON, Monte-
rey, Cal. \u25a0
BARBER wanted: (rood wages; 63 per cent
guaranteed; $12. 423 B St., San Rafael.
BARBER ' wanted for Wednesday. Saturday
and Sunday at 434^" Sixth st.
GOOD barber 947 Fillmore st.. naar McAllis-
ter;' union wages; young man.
BARBER— Young man with one year's . expe-
rience. Call at 2403 Mission at.
BARBER SHOP for sale ; good location. 1703
Market- st. Tfffr^li'ffffflTr*flFlTll
FOR sale^ — First-class. Western Addition 4-
chalr shop cheap; part cash. Box 37CJ. Call.'
FOR sale — $800: flrst-class shop; Icng lease;
short hours; no opposition. Box 3753. Cal!.
GOOD barber wants steady work, or from
noon on. Box 3710, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 1202 FUlmore
street. \u0084 .
TWO-chair., shop., living rooms • connected;
country towa; good bus.; cheap. Apply Call.
___W___P__________M__*_t&_______fc ____U___l
HELP WANTED — 31ALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 554».
Our Own Prntlns
Plant issues our iree list of position* four
times daily — 7 a. m., 10 a. _»..
1 d. m.. 4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION ANI> SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OB*
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT - J
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO—
SEND YOUR OKDKRS TO
I MURRAY & HEADY. UM-»tt«s C:ay st.
' Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1-hone Main OS4S. _,„„.
THE RIGHT OF MAjW TO LIAE; THE
RiGHT OF MAN TO WOUK.
We pave in 190-i lS^ « b ,?P? in J?
6-I.CW) men work. Increase O^tCU
LOS ANGELES— $O— GREAT CIWWD IiOWO.
TO LO3 ANGELES. $3.
67 laborers. S hours' worn, 4*o. L. \u25a0*-
6G two- horse teamsters, you II suit. *co x* a.
53 hammermen and ilrillers. *»3. t a
. 15 six-horse teamsters'. $13- X- -v.
102 extra and section gang laborers. _. _
K. It. work. Get tickets to-day. »5- ** \u25a0*•
Ship oa.m. to Los Angles, $3. .
jdUKRAY & READY. Ut4-««'i day St.
UPHOLSTERER, fare 2uc. $2 day
Wason-maker, woodturner, city, $3 uO day.
Lime burner. f«r- $1. $2 50 to fa day.
2 carpenters, chicken houses and barns, on
ra^cnTNapa'Co.. fare $i 23. $2 6O day found.
Machine sticker hand, country, *J aay.
2 lumber pliers, you'll suit. *-**T {
Driver, single wagon, special «"*• \u2666Y > , w ,"?5-
Choreman. middle-aged, hospital $J0 found.
Youns man. hospital work. *» f?S?kt_vta«
Handy man. who can do little brlekWns.
factory, far* $1 30, you'U suit. $2 X> to
, ?2 50 day.
Poultry man. rood wage*. *_,_j
Milker Berkeley, fare paid, $30 and found.
"SPECIAI-
Asslstant mall messenger. drtv« wtfon, eta^
clty arb'tou ••••••
Porter and lunch, counter .man. el *jir \u25a0*"
loon J" **\u25a0
Lunch man. cold lunch, city |«O ra.
Dishwasher, special, camp ;•••{« **\u25a0
Cook also dishwasher, camp $40-*^> *<*•
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, fare U«ft a» 7?°"?
th ere $*O fa.
Cook and wife, hotel. far» 000 $5* f(J -
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
FACTORY— STEADY JOB.
25 laborers for a factory $2 20 «»r
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
CITY CORPORATION "WORK.
85 laborers, board yourselves) homo, no Bun-
day work. $12 week, no lost time, you'll suit.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63H Clay st.
~ ARIZONA.
Arizona. Goremment Work.
5 drill runners .W<>
6 tool sharpeners and camp blacksmiths. $30.
Two year* Government work; half rat* K.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay rt.
MILLWRIGHTS.
MILLWRIGHTS.
25 mlllyrrlEhts for a largs lumber com-
pany W* '*•
SPECIAL LOW RATE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-836 Clay rt.
: FOREMEN.
4 track R. R. foremen. Les Angeles, $2 73 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SHIP CARPENTERS— FREE FARE.
23 ship carpenters $4 day
MURRAY A READY. 634-C3O Clay st.
Painter, houie work, fare 23c. $3 day.
Boy hitch up and chores about paint shop.
fare 23c. *S week fd.
Painter, house work, fare 70c. $3 day.
Blacksmith's helper, lumber company. boa«
here, £XX
Camp blacksmith, faro 200. $3 60 day.
2 upholster?, $2 day.
6 plumbers, $4 duy.
Teamsters, 2 horns, hay. coal, grain, city
wagon. $2 5O day.
2 wason teamsters, fare 300, $2 23 day.
LOOK.
Assistant packer and general utility man.
aga 20 to 22. $30.
LOOK. -
Cake-baker's helper, city Job. $11 week fd.
Tamale maker, fare paid.
Cook for dredger, fare $1. $30 fd.
MULTIMILLIONAIRE'S GROUNDS.
12 laborers around purk grounds, $2 day.
MARRIED.
Milker and wife, south, boss here. $40 fd.
LOOK.
Bottler on Crown soda water machine, $2 50
day.
Young man. wash bottles, city, $1 25 day.
20 young men for pocking department whol*- —
sale house. $1 SO day.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-638 Pay st.
FOREiIEN — FREE FARE.
Grading foremen, Los Angeles', $60 fd.
Curb foramen, not rar away. $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
— 16 CARPENTERS, $32 50 fd—
— IS men among BEANS, $43 fd. —
- MURRAY & READY. 034-639 Clay at.
3 CABINET-MAKERS^
12 slack coopers: B blanket weaver*.
Machine hand, rip saw. $2 25 day.
Screw turner, fare $2, $2 to $2 25 day.
Tlnter, $2 50 day.
Gang edxerman. north, $55 fauna.
BRICKLAYERS. ETC. i }
Sticker hand. mill. $3 50 day. ;
6 weavers on blankets.
23 clack coooers.
2 plumbers. $4 day; 2 cabln«t-mak«r_
14 blacksmiths, horseshoers. -oorman. «**.,
$3. $3 30 day.
Sticker hand, mill. $3 day.
Woodturner. Southeast L. Co., $2 75 day.
Band sawyer. Southeast L. Co.. $2 70 day.
Edgertnan. $45 fd. ; crosscutter. $45 fd.
Jackscrew helper. $40 and found.
Brass finisher, $2 to $3 day. city Job.
5 BRICKLAYERS. $3 DAT.
Painter, city, cabinet work. $3. day.
12 muckers, cold quartz mine, fare $3. $67 80.
IB laborers, quartz mine, fare $2 40. $67 SO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »-
WINDOW cleaner. fS week.
12 boys, different city factories, $8. $7 wm_.
MURRAY & READY. 634-338 Clay t.
65 TTEMAKERS— SEE US. '
65 WOODCHOPPERS — SEE US.
MJLLaiEN AND AMALGAMATORS. |90.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
Farmer and wife, fare 90c. easy Job, $33 fd.
Farmer and wife. Yolo Co.. boss hhr«.— r«. 130.
Married coachman, fare 20a, $40.
Gardener and wife. $30.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CUy t>
FREB FARE.
QUARRIES AND TCNN___». 'I ; '
23 laborers, no experience, ship to-day. 11:30
a. m., $60.
16 drillers, ship to-day. 11.80 a. m., $87 30.
15 drillers, ship to-day. 3:30 p. ra.. (87 50.
IS header men. ship to-day, 10 a. m.. S and
5 p. m.. $67 CO.
12 laborers, blr new quarry, $87 50.
15 laborers around steam shovel. $87 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay rt.
INCORPORATED COMTANT.
88 laborers, build boulsvard, $60: _v* «00.
OIL PIPE LINE. SOUTH.
25 laborers; special far*; $45 found.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
134 laborers, different jobs, you'U suit. $33.
$73 and $45 and found; call early.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
565 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs,
som* In . San Francisco. $2. $2 23, $2 50
day; come see us.
FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC. ::*
63 general ranch hands. $30. $33. $40 found.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
67 men and boys for chores. $15, $20. 123.
$30 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 milkers, butter and cbees* makers. $30,
$35 $40 and found.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
535 laborers, fare paid. you'U suit, $33, $40,
$45 and found.
126 experienced woodsmen, millmen. from
plllns lumber to manager of mills and woods.
$33. $40. $50. $60. $70. $80. $00. $123 month
and found; come and s«e us.
STABLEMEN. j
36 stablemen, different Jobs. $33 and found '
to $60. $75.
IS boys for different trades. $4, $3, $8 week.
12 laborers, pile lumber, near city, $60
: 353 LABORERS. $60.
' . BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANT.
23 yard laborers. NE.. $67 50.
19 men, pile lumber. NE., $73.
32 laborers, grade railroad, NE.. $67 3O
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
43 cooks, different places. $90, $73, $30, $10
found. . .
3 tamale-makers. cood Jobs.
• WAITERS. , WAITERS. WAITERS
26 waiters, different places, $45. $40, $30
$23 found. ...,.\u25a0 -.-»...'•
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
. 3J> waiters, different places $33. $30 J^S
$20 and found. • " '.
LAUN DRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
3S laundrj-men. aIT. classes. $\u25a0'!. $2 50, $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys. \u25a0 different Jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS. \u25a0
Butcher, slaushter- house work. Su> found "
lfi bckers" - helpers. $70. $60. $30. $43. $03
$30. $23 and founsi. . \u25a0\u25a0
1 LAUNDRY.
Marker and distributer. • fare $1. $15 week.
Polisher, shirts, cuffs collars. $13 week
Bakers' helper, lrto fare. $10 we«!i.
MURRAY & RgADY. K34-<r:o Clay St.
~ NOT FAR AWAY— NEW WORK ~*
FREE FARE.
-\u25a0 25 laborers, board and lodging $4 30. $60 '
to $67 50.
4 laborers.' among concrete, around a_t «•»FINDING, FOR EXAMPLES, GOOD COOKS^-GOOD SERVANTS
JUKLP M-ASTED— 3I ALE— Continued.
atltution building,' fare 30c. $1 M day and
board.
FA C >Pt *O F* V
3 laborers, special j-ieady job. $2 20 day.
it laborers, bj teaming on runcn, $2ti l^und.
3 plow teamsters fare ICe, $2 23 day.
YOU CAN DO IT.
15 laborer*, build up FACTORY. $CO.
Boy for machine shop, $1 day.
lio laborers-. Pa:.ta Cruz. found.
MI'KHAY A- READY. C34-G3O Clay «t.
CARPENTERS.
26 carpenter*, house vork. fare $1, steady
job. t-i S<« dej .
12 carpenters, siMiiial jobs, t-peclal fare $2.
$•'! Su day.
IS CALKt:i:b. WOOD SHIPS S5 DAY.
15 CAX-KKttd, FItEE FAUE.
10 lathers, !o:-._ job. $J U5 day.
MURRAY & RKADY. CU-«:i6 Clay 6t.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
Co COAL MINERS
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOING?
MURRAY & READY. C 34-036 Clay st.
TAMALii-MAKEK. etc.. fare paid. $40 found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, boss h'.re. w*gon and shop work.
$4v _,r.d found.
Butcher, shop and wagon work, fare $1, $.»5
and Cound.
INSTITUTION.
All-round .middle-aged hatioy man with tools
fcr an institution, country $30 and found.
LOOK.
~t .-. drive manure wagon, '\u25a0Ity, $60.
NOT FAR AWAY.
Electrician and lineman, fare $1 50, $C 0 fd.
P_.ir.:er and tinter, city, good Job, $3 and
$3 f.O day.
2 tinsmiths, c!ty work, $2 to $3 day.
NEW JOB— CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, build clubhirutes, boss here,
$4 <say.
LOOK.
Young man. grocery store, city, $17 found.
Young men. grocery store. C j t y # $7 to $8 wk.
FILIPINOS.
\u2666 Filipinos as b<x>tblacks, no experience re-
quired, fS a wtek.
MURRAY &. READY. €34-636 Clay at.
S PAINTERS, housework, long Job Tare 70c
$3 <say.
10 laborers, city Job, board home, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay g't.
A— PACIFIC CON. EMP. AGENCY. Inc.,
e35 Washington «. — Phone James 3301.
FREE FARE.
Laborera, $60; drillers. $t>7 50; new Job, 10c
fare. 2 months' work; pull down buildings
. tx=l<3r.giii« to Western Pacific. 10 laborers, *2
day, take H; carpenters for mine north,
$S 50: carpenters. $1 fare, long Job. $105;
bridge carpenters Nevada, $3 60; miners,
Lassen Co.. guyt. here $»0, board In hotels;
• . muckers, earn* place. $75; gold miners. Ore-
son. $2 a=d found. Al place; Oregon, labor-
ers, mill and-- woods, part free fare, $2 to
$4 daj\ board $4.
. . SANTA CRUZ.
Rjuirh carpenter*. $2 su; laborers. $60. all
winter's -Jcb, climete first class; -2 cyclone
<!ri'lers, $75. free fare; section' hands, $2 25;
lumber pilers. $2 60; men for foundry. $2;
laborer*, -grading camp. $67 50; teamsters,
$67 50 fare 10c. •
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY; Inc.
S lIIONEKS. $35 and found; foreman for Mock
ranch. £35 and found; lw laborers/ if 2 day.
fr»ie fare; poultryman and milker, $30 and
irnjnd; 3 carpenter*. $3 10 $4 day; 3 plain
ca.rj*>rit«»ra, $2 5u day; 4 miners. $2 25 day;
2 furnace men, f 2 30 to ?2 60 day ; shingle
l>ack*-r. $40 and found: and others. J. F.
CP.uSKTT & CO.. «as Sacramento at.
BCTLCB, $-40 end found; waiter and wife,
$r.y and found; barkeeper attd waiter^ $25
and found. anJ others. J. F. CROSETT &
<i>. f-o^ Sacramento et. . '
A MIRE'S effice. 317 Stockton st. — Butler. $30;
butler. -$35; ch«?f • cook. SSO; waiter, plain
hotel. $40; waiter. $30; po.rter, dining-room.
\u25a0•• ?7 a'wotk; pwrter. $25; poiwasher, $30;
kitchen hiinj. fr3<J; man to milk cows, make
}>uuer. $33: chef cook. $S«: relief cook. $70;
'\u25a0oachraan and gardener. $40. etc.
WANTED — A No. 1 mill eupply and machinery
bouse to act as" Egent for old-established ma-
chine kni:e manufacturer. Address "Old Ec-
Ikbttehed." box 3551. Call office.
EXPERIENCED CUTTER ON MEN'S
PANTS. STANDARD FACTORY, CORNER
<MUGH._ND GROVE STS.
V. ANTED- Experienced drapery salesman. Ap-
;.!y_U-tween U ar.d !I a. m. at HALE PROS.'
WANTED — Man to pet up toys; one who un-
•'r-tards mechanical work. Apply between
:> ard 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
Va.VTHD— Delivery boys. Apply between 9
aria 11 a. — . a tHALE BROS.'
I;"'Y war.tPd to run elevator in large whole-
sal" house snd deliver packages In Oakland
nighVly; must liv# *.n Oakland: eaould be at
|p_t 16 years old: references required; good
\u25a0-har.OA to advance : $5 per week. Address
nox TT7E. <~all.
WANTED fcr U. S. army— Able-bodied, un-
niarri^d men, between ages of 21 and 35:
citizens of United States, of gr*>d character
•nd temperate habits, who can epeak. read
ar.d write English. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rialto building.
New Montgomery St.. fan Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — 3 bright, energetic young men. well
acquainted In city and country-for positions
which will pay $.1000 per year; inferences re-
quired. Apply 244 Crossiey building, be-
tween 2 and 4 P. m.
WANTED — Young man; must be familiar with'-
grocery buslnes*. PRAGEJI COMPANY.
Market and Jones sta.
WAITER wanted for a good ravins posi-
tion; steady; call to-day. Room 318 James
FlcK-d bulldirg.
CABINET-MAKER wanted: a first-claae
workrr. an. The Fink &. Schindler Co.. 3309
Market Bt. -
ERRAND boy. Apply 126 Kearny 6t, room 1.
LUNCH waiter wanted. SO4 California st.
BRIGHT wiUlng boy for general work in etor«:
$5 a week. Apply 323 Pine «t.
TV AN TED Flrst-clas* children's clothing tales-
man. Box 6147. Call office. Oakland.
VT^NTED — Blacksmith to do horseshoeing and
r^-pHlrlr.g. Fourteenth aye. and N st. South.
A CARRIAGE blacksmith. 1168 Mission st.
WANTED— Pre»ser»; apply at once. 3228
Market »t. •
WANTED Boy for office; 14 to 16 years old;
apply between 9 and 10. 458 Parrott bldg.
GOOD -hoerr-ker wanted at SO5 Third »t.
EOT wanted. The Paragon. 1306 Market st.
WANTED— Dyer and cleaner; eteady Job: good
pay. 1C29 Prove -t., Oakland. \u25a0
WANTED- At once. pood, live can vaster, to
itprti-U us throughout California: ;»rge
com-1-.loTu paid: complete outfit
free; rood prospect* f or right PJJjy. For
full particulars address OREGON MllhtKl
CO.. Salem. Ore.
i'EN learn the barber trade In 8 weeks; tul-
uon earned while leamir.g: situations gnar-
infUd; only up-to-date colleges in America.
MOLER'B SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay »t.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, R— 10 House proprietor, has
•<J<sed 100 new room, to the Denver House.
217 Third rt.: 25ft rooms, 25c to 50c per night.
WaNTHO— Men to Wrn barber trade; new
method; tuition earned while learning: posi-
tion gusrenteed af**r 8 weeks. oILLMAN S
BARBER «X)LLECE. 627 Clay st.
WANTED— Men to n:i 300 rooms at 20c per
Bight: clothes ciosets. hair mattresses, e>c-
- tr".c Urht In even- room. CSI Howard, nr. 3d.
LF.ARN the barber trade ana earn a gooi
•alary new method; f— + tuition: positions
g-jarant*-*"*! S F. College. 741 A Howard «t.
WANTED— Licensed pharn :aciet In drug ctore;
partner preferred Address Druggist, Horn-
brook. C.I.
t". RAPPER wanted. 8 N. WOOD & CO..
Poweli and Ellin «t». • '
WANTED— An experienced plumber* helper.
593 Ml-elon tt-
WOOD tr. arhlr.e hand '.or pine, furniture fac-
tory. 2147 Fc>om St.. r.ear Eighteenth.
DETECTIVES to !«arr 1 the bueinen; money
made while >aming 604 Montgomery, r. 204. - .
WANTED— Boy» o; 10-year. and oider. Ap-
ply American Can Co.. 7th »nd Townsend.
EXP— KIENCED card writer '-anted; nate age
_„ exprlgnce. Addre— box 09.0. Call.
tAILORS and ordinary *ea— en for all parta of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart tt.
'C.OOC WORKINOMEN to buy our genuine
'»n Kf Jiboes; a :i inspected. 105 Third «t-
WI>3RS and young re ea (green har.dsf for
<h:p». HaLLBERT 617 Jackson st. '
V_SOB debts collected; «uiU. attachments, i
:_w and Adjustment Co.. 49 3d tt.. rm. 622.
PENSION *«>-.. E. A. BoIUs. r.40. Phelan bid.
Put Coa. Ceo. H. Tfcom «j PMC a. A. B.
HELP WANTED— MALE—ContInqed.
A— AMERICAN EM PLOYM^EN^~^Bi;REAu!
CA2 COMEKCIAL ST.— PHONE BLSH 533
BLACKSMITH; dredger; $40 fd.
5 laborers; help carpenters; $67 60.
10 rough cari.-enters; NORTH; $ll)o.
5 CARPENTERS: WINTER'S JOB: $R5 fd.
FREE FARE; 25 laborers; steady; $50.
SO iebcrtre; NEW WORK; $00'
POWER PLANT; FARE REFUNDED; 15
laborers, ?75: 10 woodchoppers. $45 fd.
DAUTEL wants 1800 jnen' to buy Inspected
Government shoes at 031 Sacramento at.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third at., nr. Mar-
ket— .oo room*; 35c night; regdlng-rooms,
iree hut and baggage to and from ferry.
AP^KJISEMEXTS. subscriptions received at
O.lt Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
t:or. of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open qntll 11 p. m.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
$125 WILL buy good black horse 8 year* old,
about 1300 rounds; very gentle and good
traveler; suitable for surrey or delivery
v&eon: can be seen to-day. 617 Nineteenth
et., Oakland. '
SKCOND-HAND 2 or 4 passenger trap; canopy,
top surrey; rubber- tire runabout; O'Brien
patent spring buggy; 2 sets buffgy'Tiarness;
doctor's phaeton: cheap. 500 Golden Gate.
A— FOR sale — 411 Sixth St.; one good truck
team. 5 years old; 3 good wagon horses:
1 driving horse.
AUCTjON sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Slxrh st.
FOR sale — Good delivery wagon. J>s3 Howard
street.
FOR sale — Carload big horses weighing from
1400 to 1700. G. LINDAUER. 543 Folsom.
\u25a0 HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
NINETEENTH. 3520. near Valencia — Sunny
bay-window house of 12 rooms and large
ycrd. ' .
BUCHANAN. 2423. near Jackson — 9 rooms and
bath: sunny: modern improvements.
HOUSES FURNISHED. — FOR SALB3.
$300 BUYS fur., carpets, etc.. complete; 2-story
house: 0 rms,. bath: rent (optional) $20 mo.
1 to 3 p. m., 1260 Broadway. Alameda.
HOUSES — FURNISHED — Mill Valley.
COMiI AN D ING" view "of^ba iy anT'ci ty ; ideal
villa home; furnished; 7 rooms, bath; elec-
tric lighting; elegant wood interior finish;
adults only: references; will lease for six or
twelve months at reduced rent. . Apply C.
TOOHY. Rtdwood Villa. -Mill Valley or G.
A. TURNER * CO.. 312 Montgomery st..
San Francisco, where photos can be seen.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — Modern cottage 5 rooms/ bath, vi-
cinity Golden Gate Park or Presidio. Box
3730. Call.
HOTELS.
HOTKL St. Nicholas, Market. Larkln? Hayes
*ts. — Heart of S. F. ; modern; American and
European plans; electric lights and phone
•very room: hct and cold water: quiet.
INFORMATION WANTED.
MILLER — Information wanted or Frederick
Miller, who in the year ISO 3 resided at 11
Capp St.. San Francisco, Col., by his sister,
Marie Sandbloom of 319 Leonard st., Brook-
lyn, N. Y. " .^
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged- manufacturer of ' tha
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Monday night. In the neighborhood of
Vallejo st. and Montgomery aye., an intel-
ligent polly. by name Loretta. Return to L.
TORRE. 442 Montgomery ay». ; lib., reward.
$20 REWARD — Lost on street, Geary and Tay-
lor to Jones and Eddy sts.. chamois bag con-
taining six rings, pin. and diamond earrings.
Return to Golden West restaurant, 10 Ellis.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of GIOVANI CASINELLI, No. 168-
J 175. The finder will please return to bank.
'LOST — Gentleman's gold watch; monogram
-W. O." Return to 1422 O'Farrell st.; liber-
al reward: no questions asked.
LOST — Old-style silver watch with chain, key
attached. Return to L. LANE, 7 Kearny et.,
and receive reward; no questions asked.
LOST — Gold hunting case watch: monogram M.
S. Return to M. SCOTT. 857 Sutter St.;
reward. ' - .
LOST — Black leather bilt case containing $15
In currency; ether papers; reward. Box
3758. Call.
LOST — A lady's pearl brooch, set with four
diamonds; reward $10; no questions asked.
Return to St. Francis H~t*-I.
LOST — Gold locket engraved G. fi. W.; baby's
picture Inside: reward. IS2 Crocker bldg.
LOST black belt w!ih pold buckle. Reward
paid at 495 Geary St.
LOST — On the bay. 14-foot «klff. Return to
27 Steuart St.; reward.
JAPAXE S E JCO NTRACT L A B OR. _
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-
chopping, tree pruning or any work; estab. 5
yrs. Matsumoto & Co.. box 125, Alvarado, Cal.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
ft., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
1 MEDICAL.
.DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
cick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints: positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; Immediate relief;
do poisoning drugs; low fees; ray methods
will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult |
me; rave time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market st.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. *pecial!st for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Inetant relief
guaranteed; SO years' experience. 844 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Inetant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1002 X. Market tt.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured In
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable,
safe, prompt fcr female Irregularities : relief
cr no fee; $10: hrs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. st.. suite 37.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
102 m Market st.. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 6UA Leavenworth st...
bet. Geary and O'Farreli. Phone East 65)7.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
A— DR. HOWARD; ladles, relief or no fee:
$10; hours 9-9. 606 Market »t. . -
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladlew, relief or no fee: $10. •
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. 6. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
Works anil Yards. Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new .lot of pipe complete,
ready for' immediate delivery.
"*,-inch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
H-lnch pjpe $3 95 per hundred reet (new)
1-lnch pipe.... $6 70 per hundred feet (new)
1%-lnch pipe $7 CO per hundred feet (new)
IH-inch pipe $g 80 per hundred feet mew)
2-lncb pipe... $11 65 per hundred feet mew)
2H-ln. *crew pipe (2d hd); r»ady for oee.lOc
3-ln. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use.l2%c
SVt-ir. screw pipe (2d hd): ready for use. 15c
4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 19c
Send by check, money order or coin by W.F.
Express Co. with order.
11. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office 130 Beale «t.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2d-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented an<i exchanged: see -Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale et.
; BOILEKS. engines.. 2d-hand machinery. I McIN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE->
COLLENDER. 628 Mission st.. S. F.
A— BUYS. selU and rents rear machinery, en.
g-lnes, boilers, water pipes, charting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW., 836 Main st.
HKAVY machinist lathes: 19-ft. bed. ewlng
84 Inches; B-ft. bed. -wing 22 Inches: 8-ft.
te&, swing 16 Inches. 602 Third. j
FOR sale— 5000 or ftOOO second-hand firebrick; J
$12 per 1000 on the ground. J. H. YOUNG,
124J P_rk •\u2666_ >«-——-—- ' I
THE: SAN* FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, -OCTOBER 11, 1905.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE— Con.
STOCK and fixtures for sale separately; cigars
and counter cases In oak, 1 upright, 1 small
case, counter and shelving. -2-lb. candy jars,
glass stopper!", stationery, notions and school
supplies; no dealers; from 10 to 12 and 1:30
to 4. 240 Ninth st.
COMPLETE outfit woodworking machinery:
suit contractor. JOHNSON & HORAN, 602
Third. \u25a0 .r.- :' \u25a0 -
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
sold and exchanged: power plants 'ln their
entirety bought. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-X gold fountain pens, 60c; Sheffield hollow-
sround razors, 50e; celling out our cutlery _
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR, 42 3d at.
20 H. P. gasoline engine; 2d hand pumping
machinery. HOWETT MACHINE WKS..
256 Fremont st. ~^
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton st.. second floor.
60 M HARD brick. 648 Mission st. Phon«
White 3571. .
BARGES for • sale or rent. HUMBOLDT
LUMBER CO., First and Alice, Oakland.
DUCK club membership for sale; • Suisun
marshes. Box SCOO, Call office.
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 511 Sansome St.,
San Francisco. . '. ", '
SOLID silver tea eet, 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth st. : .- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-'\u25a0
LARGE show tent in good condition. W. A.
PLUMMER. 11l Clay st. '
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS, 103 Vallejo at.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny et.
• HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
f caie. PARCELLS SAFE CO., 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
„„„ ~ " ANY~RAGS?
Rags bought In any quantity, for cash, at
the South End Warehouse, corner Second and
Towntend sts.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles' gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davla 825. ttso Sacramento.
WE pay cash ladies' and gents' clothing. Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors, 154 9th; tel. Howard 11S7
BUYS any amount of castoff clothing, etc.
MRS. M0RR15. 934 Folsom: phone Jessie 446.
WANTED— To buy 100 Angora goati. Ad-
dress J. W. SWALES. Hopland.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny st.
money to _oan.
aTa^^e^mXn"murph"£ !"" " "~"
601-GO2-CO3 Examiner Buildlnr.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, ' undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. -
ANY salaried employe or wage earner ' can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. Seml-Mo. Week.
$50 — Return to us $13 35 or $6 65 or $3 8- r >
30^ — Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 00
2C> — Return to uts 6 35 or 2 65 or ' 1 35
15 — Return to us 4 00 or 200 or . 1 OO
Or any other sum and pay back in proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO., 500 Rialto bldg..
New Montgomery and Mission sta.
~~ WILL LOAN ~~~~
reasonable amount on
let. 2d or Sd j
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
I.kjw rate of Interest.
Give full cartlculara
of property,
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton Et., near Market.
2d floor.
Loans made to ealarled people without any
publicity or other Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate: life
insurance policies, estates-, second mort-
gages, assignments of rents', etc.
SALARY LOANS— ]
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or f
any one: confidential and courteous treatment ;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
976 "Market st.. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. and 27 Third st. •
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; -lowest
rates: no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohoe bldg.. S Taylor gt.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOUMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages life insurance, or on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg., 809 Market, cor. 4th. suite. l, e?t. IbSS.
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY.
Any proposition, 40 2d St., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also en other security. 507 Flood bid?.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 012 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount, real estate or other_ security:
$100 up. «W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery, r. S.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 518.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us.' Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
McGARVIE _ C 0.,720 Market St., loans money,
e5 to 80 per cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned. salaried people on notes without
lndorscr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
1 EngllPh upright, for practice, $55.
French upright, a little better, $C 5.
Also a Chlckering, Vose, Sterling, Curtaz,
-Smith & Barnes, Mozart, Neuman, from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farreli st.
OUR large and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos In the city for
$2 60 and $3 per month, some at $2; one
year's rental allowed If piano Is purchased. 1
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-64 Hayes.
WANTED — An offer on upright piano: must
sell at once. 684 Valencia st. .
HORNUNG 216 McAllister st.. manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laffargue piano.
ELEGANT uprights new, 2d-hand. $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
CHICKERINQ nprlght. $165. 237 Geary it.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos, furn. Whltehead's storage, 1636 Mrkt.
EOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY.. 306:312 Post st.
NEW. upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
' ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand
i Ehonlnger little used. Keeffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
/mines and mining.
$1000 WANTED; to promote new mine; eecur-
Ity; big returns. M.. 663 B'way. r. 11. Oakland
___„„ _J!! v . SEU>^__' : :\u25a0 _ : _- '_-~~
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market it., near' Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO lease — 20.000 sqvare feet; finest buildings In
• city; 1 street frontages; splendidly \u25a0 lighted;,
centrally - located; all '. conveniences; as ,- a
whole or tn any size required: low rates.,
HUGH KEENAN CONSTRUCTION CO.. 30
Jessie St.. San Francisco, \u25a0 Cal.
MISSION, J507, 1 corner - First — 2 floors suitable
for light manufacturing; will arrange to suit
tenant. Apply BALDWIN & HOWELL. -25
Post it.' • \u25a0 . ': ' - \u25a0 i - .:- \u25a0 - \u25a0....:.\u25a0 - \u25a0--\u25a0-.-
STORE and - cellar; 27:6x155; suitable for J
.wholesale- wine,; house. 843 Howard Bt.
s PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. j
REMOVED— DR/~ WONO . HIM. ; herb, doctor, j
treatt all diseases of the human body; for \
past tour years at 115-117 Mason si., now lo-
cated at 667 : Geary- «t., : near Leaven worth. .:.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor—All dls- |
eaact cured by Chines* ; herbs. 746-3 Clay tt.
PERSONALS.
• • "L-A-T-E-S-T MARVELS." • •
"REXRADIO'S" L-A-S-T WEEK'S S-A-M-
P-L-E-S: A patient very LAMB from L.O-
COMOTOR ATAXIA, his arm and hand ab-
solutely IMMOVABLE;, leg feeble . 'and
couldn't raise or move It forward; 'foot mo-
tionless; YESTERDAY (Saturday) after
FIRST treatment ARM moved, hand
GRASPED ours, FOOT moved naturally,'
RAISED leg easily to table top; discarded
his crutch, -. walked well, put limb forward
with LONG steps, then easily JUMPED from
the floor; ALL these things absolutely IM-
POSSIBLE before. His friend who brought
him— M. Barnett, 352 Jessie — wriffes: "I wit-
nessed all. the above." INTERVIEW him.
MANY cases of ATAXIA, PARALYSIS, etc.,
exactly like the above have been quickly
' similarly helped by this wonderful DRUG-
LESS treatment. NONE SHOULD DE-
SPAIR. Mr. Engleke of CAL. DEMOKRAT,
former owner of CAL. JOURNAL, one of
the best-known and respected citizens for 40
years. . whites : "My extreme 20 years'
RHEUMATISM, cured by only O-N-E treat-
ment, cure has remained PERM ANENT . for
SIXTY- SEVEN days. Rexradlo gave ONE
treatment (LAST FRIDAY) to my daughter's
•very large GOITRE, and during the treat-
ment- we were astonished to see MOST of
the GOITRE literally and really D-I-S-A-P-
P-E-A-R. Many of my friends have 'had-
WONDERFUL BENEFITS from his drugless
treatment. May I INTRODUCE you to
them? Rexradlo Is the ONLY hope of tha
HOPELESS sick. WRITE me.— C. Engleke,
211 Steiner." There have been numerous
RECENT successful treatments of PARALY-
SIS, rheumatism, FITS,, blindness, CAN-
CER, sciatica, ASTHMA, consumption,
DROPSY, neuralgia. TUMOR, diabetes, FE-
MALE complaints, general and nervous DE-
BILITY, prostatltis, STRICTURES total
DEAFNESS, etc.- All . were wonderfully
helped, though long deemed INCURABLE by
all others WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO
BE CURED? -'.\u25a0-. .' '-' -\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0
"REXRADIO'S" Office hours 2 to 6. 609
Kearny st. OPEN SUNDAYS.
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
houae to act as agent for old-established ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address "Old Eg-
, tablished," box 3581, Call office.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the world to produce Us equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 382 O'Farreli.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and. trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market at. - -
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandnjff, stops falling; drut'BlsU. hair dress-
era. Star Remedy Co.. S2l Polk st.
OLD picture frames reflnlshed like new; reason-
able. California Decorating Co., 208 6th at.
BUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUIIAUS & CO., the tailor. 720 Market at.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle special-
ist. 814 Sutter st. Phone East 8646.
S BRAND .new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel. ,
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per, 6c up. Hartmann Paint Co.,' 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U.. S. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
AT AUCTIO N.
AT AUCTION..
> ENTIRE BLOCK
60 BEAUTIFUL
RESIDENCE
LOTS.
1-6 CASH, BALANCE IN 1, 2, 8 & 4 YEARS.
THURSDAY,
OCTOBER 111, 1005.
AT 12 O'CLOCK,
AT 116 MONTGOMERY ST.
We will positively, .tell at public auction as
above stated the entire block, containing 50
lots, fronting on- : " \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
FIFTH AVENUE.
SIXTH AVENUE.
I STREET.
J STREET. .
Every lot on grade of street; street bltumln-
ized, graded, sewered., gas and water piped,
stone walks, etc; no further expense.
Look at this '. property at once; beautiful
views; only one block from the world-famous
Golden Gate Park, and nenr all the principal
attractions of the Park; two lines of electric
cars; close to Affiliated Colleges and to the
site recently purchased for the Polytechnic
High School, upon which will shortly be spent
$350,0C0. . .
No other resident section growing so fast;
23 new buildings in a short radius and every
cno of them of a superior character.
No land Is a safer Investment; In all cities
proximity to the Park calls for the best prices;
this will be no exception.
Tho Western Addition Is now built right up
to this block; Its future is assured: see it at
once and be on hand at this great credit auc-
tion sale. Take Ellls-sU Park cars and Ocean
line cars direct to Cth aye., or Halght St.. and
transfer at the Park.
LYON & lIOAG.
11G Montgomery st.
__ _____ •
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK AND OCEAN-
SIDE LOTS.
$550 to $800 — Richmond Heights Lots.
Choicest and cheapest home sites ever offered.
Has best future of any section In this city.
Superb view of Park, Ocean and Spreckels
Lake from every lot. Electric cars
pass our property.
All properties sold on easy terms.'
$250 to $1250— Sunset and Oceanslde Lots.
Selected with greatest care to please purchasers
Lots fronting on Boulevard and Ocean.
None can beat our location, prices or terms.
Oceanslde Branch Office, Cor. H st. _ 47th aye.
Oven Dally and Sundays.
$100 to $400 — Excelsior Homestead and Ocean
View Lots; only $5 monthly.
$1500 to $3500— Modern cottages; best locations;
Sunset, Richmond, Oceanside and
Excelsior Homestead. .
• Easy terms.
BOL GBTZ & SON. Owners' and Dealers.
Room 04, Fourth floor. Chronicle Bldg.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
' ,%.. \u25a0 . ______ •
$300 Each. No Taxes. No Interest.
Adjacent to Improvements Costing . Million*.
Two Electric Roads Will Be Running Inside of
One Y«ar.
Absolutely Cheapest Unimproved Lots Offered
In Golden Gate. ParK Dlstrl6t.
Lota Will Double In Value In a Few Months.
E. J. HOOPER, 26 Montgomery st.
SELLING V \u25a0 -. ' •\u25a0-, \u25a0 . \u25a0•' . •• \u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0
.TO BEAT THE BAND. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*.
\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ONLY $1 2r. A WEEK.
$276— Elegant level building b lots, close .. to
school; fine car service on Mission st. ;. cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the.onone Is' not polluted
wlth'smoke and dust, to .say nothing of the
deadly microbe;, no Interest and no taxee..-
GOLDEN O ATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 — For finely located .: lots 8 blocks \u25a0 south
of- the park; electric car' service' unexcelled;
enhancing -In value with every, stroke of; tha
clock; buy now; 'next : week may be- too late;
"Nat Goodwin" \u25a0Is . not : the only, man that ap-
preciates this beautiful, section; no taxes. , - •:
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
28 Montgomery .-st., -room .8." .. - . :
SOUTH OF THE PARK. • -;, , ;_"
I AM selling the choicest ocean . view lota
right, on the line of improvement and : the
new. car line cheaper : than any one else in
the same district. Cash or-terms. : -
N.D. NEWMAN, \u0084
505 James Flood building. 870 Market. St..
I2loO— NEW cozy cottnge of.4 'rooms and bath:
I 1 block from car '.me: $300 cash, balance $IS'
per, mon:h. 3310 Mission -St. , .",'.•
DON'T build, befor* -investigating Marshall . <t
. Steams'-, paten:- fixtures for apartments and
I cottages.: ..-\u25a0\u25a0 Aronson •' building.'; 94 \Thlrd : it. \u25a0 ',_=-.
LOT •' 65x85"; Waller \u25a0 st.. ' near Shraderi Bnap. '
NICK house and 2 lots, ; close to cars, on San
' Bruno : road. . 87 Wheat -t.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
A MISSION snap — Three new flats on Church
et., half block from Twenty- fourth-st. car
Una; these are .strictly modern and hava 5
rooms and bath each, tliea sinks and cement
washtrays; elegant view; bltumlnized street;
"•"rented low at $67 00- per month; this is a real
barj?ain at $7C0O; If Interested see us Imme-
diately. .- ..• . • .
CASTLE, PAYNE & McLEOD (Inc.),
Real Estate.
2543 Mission st. Phone Mission 467.
$900 FOR graded lot, ready for building, on
sunny side of street, north > of " Park, a few.
steps from'the Eighth-aye. cars, that run all
night; hank will lenn $000; lot cost $1250; a
bargain.- \V. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year..
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale.
W, JT. WHITE- COMPANY,
•' • Successors to • ' '
WHITE & BAYLET.
$750 down, balance 1 14 years, \ monthly pay-
ments; 58 acres. j3 miles Capltola ; 20 acres high
state cultivation; 4 acres full bearing apples,'
pears, grapes; 15 acres In potatoes, corn and
beans; abundant water piped to buildings; 5
acres hay land: balance timbered pasture; B-
room, hard-finished house, not and cold water;
barn, 5 poultry bouses. C outhouses; energetlo-
couple' can clear $1000 a year easy; $3200.
$1000 down, any terms; 41 acres; one mile of
town, 60 miles ctty; vegeiaDle loam; 28 acres
full bearing prunes and apneota; 10 acres corn'
and potato land ; 6-room house ; 2 barns ; fine
poultry and brooder houses, with wire netting
yards; several large Incubators; 1200 young
hens: flnn Income; $5000.
$1000 — id acres level valley land, one mile
of Orland; tine orchard, vines, berries; modern
7-room house; nice yard and shade trees; 2
good barns; windmill; poultry houses; .well
fenced; ?2500. • \u25a0
' $2000 — 12 acres level loam; 4 acres orchard;
one mile town, 60 miles city; cottage, G rooms;
new barn and wagon shed; 15 tons hay; wagon,
bujrgy, harness, horse, tools.
$4500 — Aero land, | good town, saloon, larfre-
stock liquors, good fixtures; publlo hall; black-
smith shop and tools; poultry and brooder
houses; windmill and tame; good 5-room cot-
tage.
$2500 — 10 acres, close to Sebastopol. on elec-
tric roatl; coiy cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
tarn; poultry and brooder nouses; fruit, grapes
and berries; horse, wagon and tools; $1700
down.
\u25a0 $23:50— 30 acres rich soil at Yountvllle: 6
acres orchard. 8 acres vineyard, all bearing;
cottage, 3 rooms; barn, poultry and brooder
houses, 2 Incubators; wagon, buggy, horse, 4
cows, 700 chickens.
$2000—6% acres full bearing apricots and
prunes, near San ' Jose; cozy 4-room. cottage;
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash.
?873 down — 7 acres eandyloam, on electric
road, near Santa P.osa; good dwelling:, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; ?1400. t
SSOOv— 2S acres saiuly loam, 2 miles oC Hay-
ward; 2 acrea vineyard, 2 acres orchard, mostly
apricots; modern \u25a0 residence, 10 rooms, gas,
bath; large stable, windmill and tank; poultry
houses; water piped over place; lovely view;
easy terms. We have many choice homes to
snow you In this locality.
$10,500— General farm and dairy In Marln
County; mile of station and creamery; modern
residence, S rooms and bath; 3-room cottagu
for hired help; 2 large barns, milkhouse; water
piped to buildings; family orchard; fine soil
for hay grain or potatoes.
We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 aero
homes on the electric roaa between Petaluma
nnd Sebastopol, with or without buildings, on
& very small payment do— n and balance long
term at 5 per. cent Interest. See them to-day.
' Send -stamp for large printed list.
2C Montgomery St., room 8. "
Property Exchange a Specialty.
AAA. — "OUR PRICES" on ranches are lower
than anywhere else because we da not add
huge commissions on to the owner's prlc»;
we only handle places we "know" to be good:
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and.
save 20 per cent: Santa crur (bounty land a
specialty. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
ALFALFA Irrigated lands. $25 per acre; $1
down. $1 month: no Interest: call or write
for pamphlets. INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 907 Kohl hid., cor, cal. and Monty els.
A MONTHLY catalog lo country land bargains
sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
\u25a0 aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BURL.INGA7.IE REAL ESTATE.
WHY not buy the best? It doesn't cost any
more. Lots 50x150 for $450 at beautiful Bur-
Ungame Park. See LYON & HOAG before
buying: 200 lots sold in one month.
LYON &. HOAO. 110 Montgomery st.
~~ REAL ESTATE WANTED. '
CASH at once for one or more Sunset or Rlch-
mond lots. DOLAN. 24 Montgomery st.
PERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
Slsoo— 4-room shingled cottage; thoroughly
modern: bath, pantry, laundry. etc.;
large lot} a nice little home: easy terms.
51000 — 5-room cottage; mantel, bath, pantry;
complete in all appointments; in easy
reach of local station; large lot; tarms
$150 cash, balance $20 per month.
$2400 New R-room bungalow cottage; well
built; perfect arrangements; pantry,
bath, laundry, etc. : In easy reach of Key
Route and S. P. trains: a bargain.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
. Open Sunday. Lorin Station^
FOR sale cr exchange^ — Nearly an acre of
ground 11-room house. 2-story . barn; near
. the hills; worth $12,000; will sell on easy
terms. $1000 cash; will exchange for etna
property. In Berkeley or Son Francisco: will
take nicely located mountain ranch In trade.
H . V . J. SWAIN, attorney. 4C3-464 Parrott
building. San Francisco. \u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0". JOHN P. GARDNER,
8222 Adeline st. South Berkeley.
Real estate at a bargain on easy payments;
I can sell or exchange your property If It Is
In California. t _J
ELEGANT home, well built; 0 rooms; 2 bath-
rooms toilets; handsome mantels: large lot;,
beautiful palms, shrubbery; also lot and sta-
ble In rear. Add. Owner, 2001 Bancroft way.
OAKLAND ADVERT>S ? aTTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A NON-RESIDENT owner must quickly dis-
pose of his 2%-Btory modern home, including
teas and electric fixtures, hot water, water
heating system, etc.; terraced, spacious lot.
in mature valuable shrubbery ; also fine
shade and trult trees; crown of hill; situa-
tion affording grand mountain and bay^vle-w;
in an absolutely high-class neighborhood;
convenient, to ferry trains. ' It takes very
little money to. secure this valuable property.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
"81C San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
BELDBN-S BARGAIN. ecials
$1350— Comfortable 5-room cottage: on 40-ft.
lot, with stable: on Brush st., near 3d; will
rent for $15 and water front developments and
Western Pacific Railroad on 3d et.. will make
this a splendid Investment, as It will soon be
good business property.
$1600— A beautiful building lot. 50x125. in
one of the choicest sections of \ ernon Heights,
near -the elegant mansions of Senator Perkins
and others: commands p. superb view of moun-
tain and marine scenery: owner galled else-
where and can't utilize It. hAice this sacrifice;
rill™ : "crth $2500..' BELDEN, Real Estate.
1112 Broadway. Oakland.- :
FOR sale -at- a barcaln— One of the choicest
""tiding' lota in Alta Piedmont: all street
work Mdewalks. eewer*. water and gar
rna'ns complete; magnificent view, faces two
broad avenues: restricted building values In-
sures elegant home surroundings; owner go-
ing away; must sell at once at considerably
ess than adjacent lots can > be .bought : for.
Apply to W. .J. WHITE CO.. 26 Mont-
gomeryst.. room S. .
RARGAIN— -fl-room house, with - lot. on _ Poplar
near 12th »t.. $2500; $500 cash* s2s per mo.; S
per cent Interest. Owner. SSSV!, 20th. Oakland
v OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BEKINB-.VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general-
movers— We : hav« -the best warehouse In tha
West (only covered vans used}. DON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 1016 Broadway,
• Oakland: phone Main 907. ' . - .> '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0* >\
';} OAKLAND- ROOMS TO LET. ' •
WEBSTER;' 1651, Oakland— Furnished, unfur-
\u25a0nlshed and: housekeeping rooms for rent.;.
I Oakland \ Furnished ; Cottage Wanted, fi
WANTED-— Bmall cottage- or" flat, ; furnished;*
' accessible V to '-. Key • Route, Oakland. >* Box
; 8765.: Call office. *; ',--•;' : '-'*:„
I OAKLAND jjFURNITURE^FOR^SALE.j
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
I ? H. Bchellhaa*. lltb sL. cor. store. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADYERT ? S'M ? TS
ALAMEDA REAIi_ESTATE.
LOT— ? 10 per front ft.; 155 ft. deep: new build-
ings all around; 6 sold, only 6 left: $40 cash
and $10 per mo.; $25C0, new cottase, 5
rooms, choice location: $1900. new cottage.
5 rooms, lot 33x155. J. H. YOUNG. Owner.
1243 Park at,. Alameda. 1
ALAMEDA COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent In Alameda — \u25a0 >'
Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; beautiful palm
garden; completely furnished; every conveni-
ence; half block \u25a0 from bay; rent reasonable.
Address 2251 Clinton aye., Alameda.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 465 — Fine large rooms for housekeep-
Ing; also other rooms. . \u25a0
EDDY. 523 — Rooms for rent; housekeeping:
- privileges; gas range, etc.; moderate.
FELL, 22S — Sunny front connecting suite fur-
nished for: housekeeping; laundry, bath, gras
range; adults; central. - - .
FIFTH, 145 Va — Housekeeping rooms to let;
convenient and reasonable.
FOLSOM, 861 — Good housekeeping rooms;
terms very reasonable. \u25a0 t >'.;\u25a0\u25a0
FOLSOM, 041 — Rooma to let with housekeep-
ing privileges; .water, gas, etc.
"FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms: also
single rooms. .
FULTON, 1206. near Scott — Three sunny un-
' furnished rooms; bath; laundry; references.
GEARY, 1058 — Two sunny, newly furnished,
connecting rooms, with use of kitchen, bath,
$18; one small room, $5.
GEARY. 1905^ — Two newly furnished rooms'for
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 210 — Nice housekeeping
rooms for rent; desirable location.
HAIGHT. 322 — Two nicely furnished, large,
sunny rooms and bath; $20. 1
HAMPTON place, 3, near Third and Folsom — 3
nice sunny connecting rooms for hskpg.; $l(j;
JONES. 117 — Fine large sunny housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences; moderate.
LARKIN, 416% — Centrally located, nice fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN.- -817%— Sunny corner room; gas
stove; rent reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 310— Rooms to let for
housekeeping; all conveniences; reasonable.
LAGUNA, IX25 — 4 large rms.; f ur, ;* hskpg. ;
clcs.. bath; opp. Jefferson Pk. ; adults: reas.
MARKET, 1035— Nice, sunny housekeeping
rooms ; rent reasonable.
MASON. 1525 — Bay-window room; large, sun-
ny; use kitchen; bath; moderate.
MINNA, 2SI. cor. Fourth — Sunny front house-
keeping: also sinele front room.
MISSION. 825 — Fine rooms for light housekeep-
ing; all conveniences^
MISSION, 2647, near Twenty-second — Nicely
furnished rooma; some for housekeeping; in
warm belt. . '
OAK, 117. or 14 Page— Complete for house-
keeplcg; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK. 433— Beautiful large sunny bedroom, fur-
nished or unfurnished; large kitchen: gas
or coal stove; wash room, bath, hot and cold
water; yard;, all new; reasonable: , private
family. ' - ' \u25a0
OCTAVIA. 627—2 large furnished housekeep-
ing front rooms; run. water, gas. bath; reas.
O'FARRELL. 776 — Front sunny bay window
.room & alcove; furnished, run. water; $20.
O'FARRELL, ISO 7, corner Pierce — 1 nice
rooms: bath, gas, nice location; $16.
PINE. 1227, nr. Hyde^ — Nicely furnished eunny
housekeeping rooms; grate: phone.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Corner
sunny suite, furn. for hskpg.: rent $15 up.
SIXTH, 142 — Housekeeping rooms to Itt; con-
venlenf. central; reasonable. .
SIXTH. 227. corner Clementina — Furnished
rooms for housekeeping: single or en suite.
SIXTH, 438^2 — Newly furnished housekeeping
room; rent reasonable; also a sunny front
bedroom. Call Sunday or Monday.
SIXTEENTH, 3-12SA. near Church— 2 or 3
sunny, nicely furnished, connecting rooma
for housekeeping; phone, gas and bath: cars
pass within 3 doors of the house; reasonable;
no children.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
A— St! LAWRENCE A^pTrTMENT— New",
modern building; furn. or unfurn. apartments
of 2, :t, 4 rooms; private baths; from $15 to
$35. Phone Main 8130.- 1333 Mason at. .,
NEW four-story corner apartment-house; sunny
Bide: completed November 1. All sultea have
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth st.: building opposite.
BT. CECILE. 115 Fell st, near Van New and
Market— New, handsome, fireproof structure;
mod: Improvements; apts. 3-rm.. bath; special
Inducements for next 60 days; tel. South 1071.
ALTA. opposite Alta Plaza. 2 and 4 room
unfurnished suites; light and sunny. Clay
St., between Fierce apd Scott.
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell; 3-room
sunny a parts.: single rooms; modern: reas.
A—YONA — YON NYDACK. 873 PPostt — t rooms; private
furnished, unfurnished; salt baths.,-
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Van
ne^s, 3-rm. suite; Grove. 3-rm. suite; reas.
ROSSWELL. Apartments. 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
THE Avalon, 670 Bush et- — 3 and 4 room
apartments with bath; rum. or unfurnished.
THE Frederick. 801 Stanyan— l to 5 room?.
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 616 H.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st.— Rooms
250 to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market «t. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, ovtr Owl drugstore; '1 en-
trances, 112 C Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel. 1126 Howard st. — 100 rooms;
new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
GAPP. 16. near Fifteenth — Nice large sunny
fronf room for 1 or 2 persons: reasonable;
also one front hall room. -
CORNER parlors: beautifully furnished for
own use; piano: to responsible couple; rea-
sonable. \u25a0 Tel. East 4553.
EDDY, 821. near Van Ness aye. — 1 or 2 sun-
ny, nicely furnished rooms; reasonable.
FIFTH, 109 — Nicely located and well furnished
rooms to let. % ' .
FOLSOM.. 826 — Furnished rooms to let; good
location. • \u25a0
FOLSOM. 606. The Aurora — Rooms to rent;
transient a specialty: fine central location.
FOURTH, 170 — Rooms to let by day, week or
month: transient. _j •
FOURTH, 114— Furnished rooms to let, by tha
- day, week or month: reasonable.
FOURTH. 271—100 rooms; all sizes and price*;
new, modern; hot and cold water. . ,_ :.- ,
GALT HOUSE. 120« Market St.— Choice rooms
by day. week or month: central location.
GEARY, 459, Lowell — Elegant furnished
rooms; single and en suite.
GEARY. 664 — Elegant furnished rooms: sln-
,' gle or en suite for rent.- . : • .
GEARY. 62S (The Kensington)— Elegant fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; alt up-to-
date conveniences: central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 62 — Furnished rooms at
reasonable rates; convenient. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 333 (Belvedere)— El-
egant furnished rooms; modern, airy, "light;
convenient;. walking distance. ' -
GRAND SOUTHERN. 1069 Mission, cor. S«t-
enth — 100 rooma; COc night. $2 to $7 week.
GREEJf, 1825, near Octavla — 2 front rooms,
$12: partly furnished. • . •\u25a0
GROVE. - 208 — Newly •: furnished sunny rooms:
1 single room for gentleman.
GUERRERO, 1491, near Twenty-seventh — Two
furnished rooms; reasonable rent .'
HOTEL St. Kathryn; cor. Ellis and Leaven-
.-> w*rth — Most ; modern and up-to-date hotel In
8. F. ; free bath; new, clean, airy; reas. rates.,
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis, bet. Powell and
Mason ets.,S. F. — Rooms $1 to $3 per day;
-'steam . heat -and telephone in : each room.'. . ';
HOWARD, V7IS— Rocms. 25c to $1 per day;
\u25a0$1 60 to $3 per ;week; : reading-room, etc. .
JONES. 42SA — Large front room; suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen; . private : family..
LARKIN. \u25a0 412— Fine - furnished . rooms; water,
gas; convenient. -v. \u25a0 *-.**-... .
LARKIN, 416V4— Chole-? furnished room* to let.
all conveniences: reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unforn.
LEXINGTON. 1"5 — Nice furnUhed rooms:
pleasant neighborhood: rates reannnable.
MCALLISTER, cor. Lagtma (>'». Jam*")— A
newly furnished sunny corner ruoni. $13.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 121> Third st.— 4PO
single and family rooms, 35c to St &> pe*"
day; $2 to $S week; the only new and modern
hotel and roomlng-houae tn San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives freo baths and «le-
• Tator day and night to its gu»st3.
MISSION, 823— Furnished sunny rooms; $1 23
. per week and u_>.
MISSION. 84«— Nice furnished rooms; very
centrally located; reasonable. .
MONTGOMERY. 716— Furnished rooms to let.
POST) S3O— Large, sunny, front, bay-windovr
room In private home; suitable for gentl»-
man. y y, r f
EIO VISTA HOTEL. 233 Third St.. near How-
ard — New house with modern convenience*;
rooms en suite and sir.s'e; rates. by day 3da
up; by week. $2 up: bath.9 fres to guests-.
SIXTH. 13tf— N'ie« furnished rooms; location
fine; charges reasonable.
TAYLOR. 615 — Newly fur. room a: hot and cold
water: $10 mo.; elegant suites: t>aths free.
\u25a0\VOLF House. Howard and Sixth — No. better
transient house In ctty; rates reasonable; 10-
. cation central. Gee. H. yon tier Mvhiles. prep.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — l'Jt>
rooms, 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water ia every
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus. bagsas?.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 3d st.. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 7CO rooms.
35c to *1 50 nightly. $2 to, $3 week; elevator;
elec. Ught3; reading-room: freg bus, baggag?.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be«a
opened at lOCS Market st.. eppc-ita Fifth.
Open nntll U p. m. .
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions r-cetved at
Call branch offlci*. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
CALIFORNIA. SC7— Exceptionally Rood table,
free billiard-room, handsome and .sightly
rooms, board & room for 2. $15 up; single.
$22 30 up: suites. $35 up: see for yourself.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. lt\".l — Furn. sunny rms.;
bath: good board. $2<>-$23; two $3t» month.
JOHNSTON. THE. 605 O'Farreli— Sunny suites
and *ln_rle rmi : excellent board ; ref erencea.
LARKIN. ltf2(V— Sunny parlors. P.rst-clas»
board: man and wife or centlemen: $30. -
LEAVENWORTH. 306— Choice furnished rooms
\u25a0with cood board if desired.
LEAVENWORTH. 407— Nice furnished rooms,
with excellent table board; horn* cooking-
POLK, 000—^-Nicely furnished room for two,
with board; $40.
TURK. 776 — Furnished rooms with board; rea-
scnable.
TURK. 822 — Nicely furnished rooms with or
» without board; reasonable. -
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of S2O Lake st., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls from July 1 to October 1, 1905:
Beulah Drew Vance. 5 years: Agnes E. Sul-
livan. 11 years: Rose May Guion, S y*ars;
Ca:idace M. Wilson, 10 years: Julia C Cook.
« years; Violet Murch. 10 years; Maud •
Murch, 0 years; Gertrude Lucas, 11 years;
Margaret Crotty. 8 year*.
STORAGE A~D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7'_ -
T31 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant ltil.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.. 6O*
Van Ness aye. Phone East 445. Stor&ga.
moving, packing; cut rates on freight.
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise. Golden Gate & Larkin: phone East 120.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany; 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackaon 281.
PIERCE-ROBOfcPH Storage and Movins Co.
Main office Eddy and FtUm ore; tel. West 828.
BEKIN3 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
, «t.: tel. Main 1540.. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWIXG MACIII.VES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machlnce for family use; bess
. Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $3. $3; slightly
used. $10. $15. $20. You know where doll*
swing In the window. IC3I Market st.
• INSURANCE.
STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
0-TH"
ROCHESTER GERHAX INSURANCE!
OF ROCHESTER. IN THE STATK OF SEW
YORK ON THE 31ST DAY OF DECEMBER.
1 A. D. 1904. AND FOR THE YEAR ENDINO
i ON THAT DAY. AS MADE TO THE IN-
SURANCE COMMISSIONER OF THE STATK
OF CALIFORNLA. PURSUANT TO THFJ
PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS tUO AND 6U OB*
THE POLITICAL CODE. CONDENSED A3
PER BLANK FURNISHED BY THE COM-
MISSIONER.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Enate owned by Company... $376,547 2tl
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 341.003 35
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. -444.790 0O
Cash In Company's Office 1.33S 60
Cash In Banks 137.228 55
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans . . ." 4.774 99
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
; and Mortgages 8,829 09
premiums In dua. Course of Collec-
tion 3|* 143.240 04
Total Assets $1,515,710 S*
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $24,203 23
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 44.C57 3d
Looses resisted. Including expenses 11.410 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or kjs. $501,3C5 66;
reinsurance 50 per cent 400,652 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .
nlng more than one year. $30*$,-
300 S4; reinsurance pro rat.i.... 441,537 37
Commissions and Brokerage* due or
to become dua 2.243 23
Total Liabilities $324,167 12
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Flro
premluma $1,107.457 01
Received for Interest on Bonda and
Mortgages . ; 13.902 13
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds.. Stacks, Loans and
from all other source* 31.223 58
Received for Rents 8.918 KJ
Profit ca sale or maturity of Led-
ser Assets 18,112 3d
Profit and Loss Account 20.000 00
Total Income- $1,203,702 44
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $O),Ss<i SS. loaves of
previous years) $547.21S 07
Dividends to Stockholders 20.000 0O
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 287.746 83
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
chargbs for officers, clerks, etc.. 33.071 33
Paid for State, National and Local
taxet 29,048 89
All other ;aym*a!s and expendi-
tures 84.738 21
Total Expenditure* ....$1.303.822 23
' ' Fire.
Losses Incurred during tt» year $850.182 g*
Risks and Prema. I Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net am ob at of {
during theTe'ar" $123,383,963 $1.654.2«1 «
Net amount of
Rinks expired
during tha year.. 107.29f1.366 1.431,04 a 93
Net- a mou n t In
\u25a0 force December
31.100. 130.559.232 1.607.63g 50
Subscribed and sworn to before- me. this 30th
day of January. 11>C5. -
HON. FREDERICK COOK. President,'
H. F.'ATWOOD, Secretary.
EDWARD H. GEHRKE. Notary Public
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager,
523 California St., San Francisco. ,
BAL.FOUR, UUTHRIE A CO, ~
Pacific Coast Directors.
Continued on Page Tntlxt,
1112
PfSURAJrCE — Oontlnned. '
United State* Branch.
STATEMEJiT
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
CALEDOXIAN IMSOIAXCE OOSIPAXY
OF EDINBURGH, IN SCOTLAND. ON THE
SIST UAY OF DECEMBER, A- D. 1904, AND
FOR THE TEAR ENDING ON THAT DAY.
AS MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMIS-
61ONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SEC-
TIONS ClO AND 611 OF THE POLITICAL
CODE, CONDENSED A 6 PER BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . 9454.553 66
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 1,024,250 00
Cash In Company's Office 2.80S OS
Cash In Beck* ' 147.203 S5
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 10.788 62
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 1*7,612 98
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 8M 11
Pue from other Companies for Re-
insurance or> loeses already mid. 8,430 64
Commis&ion on Reinsurance Pre-
miums unpaid 8,505 23
Total Assets .$1,822,617 72
LIABILITIES. ~ """
Losses adjusted and unpaid 151,787 U
Losses lr procece of Adjustment
or In Suspense 66.555 18
Losses resisted. Including expenses 6,006 Vt
Gross premiums en Fire Risks
running- one year or less, $00*.-
S4« S"; reinsurance 50 per cent. 454,17> 17
GrcES premiums oa Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$&82 760 87 ; reinsurance pro rata C 41.857 9T
All other Liabilities 47,804 87
Total Liabilities 11.1 M.818 00
INCOME. ~~ ~~*
yet cash actually received for
Fire premiums f1.311.T3t 44
Received for interest and filrldenCs
on Bcnde. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources.. 45,811 15
Received for Rents 45,008 2S
Total Income f 1,402.553 87
EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $116.963 47. losses of
previous years) $815,858 W
Ptid <jt allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 299,050 43
Paid for Salaries Feea, and ether
charges -or officers, clerks, etc. . 81,405 32
Paid lor State, National ar.d Lo-
cal taxes 89,067 44
All other payments and expend-
itures 103.43454
Total Expenditures $1,385,840 35
Fire.
Iv?«ses Incurred during the rear. . f 813.543 45
F.!rk* and Premiums. I Fire Risks. \ Premiums.
>'rt amount of Risfcsl
written during the
year $154,551,050 $1,782,206 62
JC^t amount of Risks
expired during the
vcar 139,010.080 1,545,55127
JCet amount In force
December 31, 1004] 175.222.069 1.891.126 74
£ üb.«cribed and ewura to before me, this
2Sth day of January, 1905.
H. E. FRANCK. -
Notary Public in New York.
OH AS. H. POT. U. S. Manager.
THOS. J. COXKOV, Manager,
323 California St., San Francisco.
BALFOIR, GITHBIE & CO,
Pacific Coast Director*.
PROPOSALS.
VROPOSALS^ — Sealed proposals will b» re-
ceived sX the oftice of the State Board of
Priefa Directors. 331 Pine B t.. San Fran-
cisco Cal.. and will be opened between the
hours of 1 and 2 o'clock p. m.. October l'J.
1905 for furnlshicjr and superintending the
erection of an oil fuel burning plant at the
fctate prison at San Quentin, according to
the general outline specifications and prints
on file with Br^lnard F. Smith, clerk of the
ttatc Board cf Prison Directors, at said of-
fice. The board will let the contract to the
lowest bidder who. in Its judgment, sub-
trsits the best and most satistactory 'proposi-
tion, complying with all terms of the re-
quirements and specifications, reserving the
right to reject any and ell bids for cause.
The general outline Fpeciflcations adopted
by the board, with the prints, are to be used
»• a guide to bidders, who are expected to
examine the bcilers, bpiler-room and equip-
ment now at the prison, so as to submit all
proper pumps, fittings and material for com-
plete oil burning equipment, ar.d they are
txpected to submit plans with full descrip-
tion of their proposed arrangement ot the
necessary machinery, conforming to the re-
quirements and intent of the specifications.
Each bid nm.it be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn upon some responsible
ber.k. payable to the president of the board,
for at least .10 per cent of the amsunt of
the bid. which will be forfeited if the suc-
cessful bidder should refuse to eater Into
the contract provided by the board and give
a bond equal to one-half the amount, satis-
factory to the board, upon nolle* of accept-
ance. F.CBERT T. DEVLIN. President.
BRAINARP F. SMITH. Clerk
PROPOSAL? for a ISO.CVI-sallon steel tank
on a 75-foot trestle — Office of the C. Q. M..
Vancouver Barrack*. Wash.. Oct. 7, I'JC3. —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be. rc-
coived ' here until 11 o'clock a. m.. Pacific
time. November 7. ISCTi. for the erection of a
ir.0.000-gallon eteel tank on a 75-foot trestle
at Fort Stevens, Oregon. Plans and specl-
fir-ntlcns may be seen at the offices of th*
chief quartermaster. Chicago, 111., the depot
quartermaster. San Francisco, Cal^the depot
quartermaster. Portland. Or., the poet quar-
termaster. Fort Stevens, or., or the under-
signed. The U. S. reserves the right to ti
Ject or accept any or all proposals or {my
part thereof. Envelopes containing propos-
als fhouid -be marked "Prop'Tcals for steel
tank" and addressed F. G. HODGSON. C.
Q. M.
BIDS lnv t*d for Architectural building- — No-
tice is i.creby Riven that scaled bids will be
received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley, on or
before J p. w.. October \f>. for the Archi-
tectural building a? per plans and specifica-
tions on fl'6 at said office. No bids will be
cont-idered unless accompanied by a certified
check or bend !n Caver of tho undersigned,
equal to K> per cent cT the bid, with suffi-
cient sureties, co&dltlcawi that, if the bid be
accepted, the bidder will enter Into a con-
tract faithfully to perform the obligations In
e-ccord&r.ce with paid bi^ ana v.-lth tald plans
mil specifics ti ins. The right to reject any or
all bids in hereby reserved. The Regents of
the University of California.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
CaV.. 16 pages. 6cnt to any address in the
l'n!t<^ States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SUPPLIES.
A.N exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher ar.d lowf-r prices: rentals, $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, s*nt to any address In the
T*nltf-d State's or raradn nr.f year for SI.
LEGAL NOTICKS.
JJOTICE Is hereby given that I intend to ap-
ply to the State Board of Prison Directors to
be paroled from the State Prison at San
Quentln according to law.
<E!cned) MICHEL SCOLAMIERO.
CARDS AJV'D INVITATIONS.
Engraved weddlcg Invitations visltlns * busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; hirh-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 126 Kearny -«. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES^
The following marriage licenses wers lsrued
yesterday by the County Clerk:
David Greenfield. 29. 114 Rusa street, and
Lillly Berkhtlm, 27. 1202 Mission street?
Bertrand MeduE, 22, HOG Broadway and
Alice E. Ltppkoweki. IS, 2217 Geary etreet
Wll!Ulsi Walker, 86, city, and Daiey B Mav-
den. 30. city. ,
Julius E. A. Harnack. 22, C 37 Howard st.
and Elizabeth Spreckelsen. £2, 637 Howard Et
Inr.ocenzo Alarlo, 25, 1767 Stockton street,"
and Salvatora Rubino, 18, i7S7 Stockton street,
Mlchcle Parrazzo, 28. 1787 Stockton street,
end Salvatora Lima, 18, 11 Union place
Charles J. Parker. 24, 1200 Kearny street.
and Is&bcl C. Rlmassa, 22, 1345 Union street.
Daniel G. Foster, 22, 209 Lanrton etreet. and
Katie T. Rcllly. 19. 472% Tehama street.
Francis H. Youre, 2L 1646 L&rkln street.
and Henrietta Snook. 21, 1941 Broadway.
Daniel F. Curtln, 21, Salinas, and Mac A
Flynn. 18, Sallna6.
I'eter B. Cbrietensen. 87. 37 Minna street,
and Catherine M. Powers. 30. 68 Hancock sC
Peter Radlene, 28, 522 Filbert street, and
M&ry Prato. 10. 434 Union ttreet.
Charles T. Meyer, 38, 681 Guerrero street,
and Kxttherine R. McCauley. 33, Oak Bar.
John Schmid, 35, 417 Kearcy street, and
Ames Goerlich, 29, 1662 Poet street.
Alexander R. Doyle, 26, 2738 Folsom street,
and Jennie McKenna, 2'j. 675 Bueh street
Arron M. Rich, 83, BCS Post street, and
Anna HoSf, 27, 1523 Lacuna street. \u25a0
Peter Victor, 23, 3€l Sacramento etreet, and
Maude L. Perkins, 23, 2SZ3 Pine street.
Aldls B. Fields,. 30, 224 CFarrell etreet,
and Gertrude L. Clay, 28, 255 Boyce avenue.
Jchn C. Stafford, 27, Redwood City, and
Claire T. Murray. "21, Redwood City.
Karl Anderson. 27. 818 Rltch street, and
BisrM Johnston. 27, 668 Bryant street.
Charlie Johnson, 24. 255 Bryant street, an*
Ic* £>. Schulze, 26. Grand Rapids, Mica.
BIRTHS— MARBIAfiES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
Jn at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
ROR.V.
DUNN — In this city. October 10, 1905. to the
wife of P. Livingston Dunn, a daughter.
NEIDECK— In this city, October 3, 1905, to
the wife of Charles P. Neiaeck, a son.
EHOUSE— In this city, October 7, 1905. to the
wife of George W. Bhouse, a eon.
TOUNG— In this city, October 1, 1906, to the
wife of Leonard Young, a daughter.
MARRIED. /
BEAMER— CLASS— In this city, October 9,
1905, by th» Rev. W. M. Rellly. Richard
F. Bearaer of Vacaville and Frances Glass
of this city.'
HARRIS— PARRY— In this city. October 7,
1905, Eucene R. Harris and Annie Parry,
both of Crockett. \u25a0 .
DIED.
Außtin, Annie, 85 Murray, Norman, lo m.
Barlow, Sarah, 73 Nagle, John J.,' 42
Dahlquist. C. A-. 10 mo Palm, John, 57
Hartnett. Daniel Pforr, Christian. 41
Hatch. A. Melissa, C 3 Plummer, William, 77
Hayes, Wm. H., 4m. Rainey, George, 1
Hurley, Mary. 80 Roach, David L.. 46
Irwln, Franola Roberts, Robert W.
Koopman, Madeline, 1 Babln, John Ira, CS
Locher, Cornelius, ko Bchmldt, Minnie, 77
I/undstrom, John. 46 Walsh, Alice L,, 80
Mamer, Mary, 44 Wickershelmer, Lydla,
Meyer. John C. 35 15
Moore. Hannah, 56
AUSTIN — In this oity, October 8, 1905, Annie.
beloved wife of Joseph Austin, mother of
Gertrude and Joseph Austin, youngeet daugh-
ter of the late James and Hannah Ryan, and
fitter of Mrs. J. FlannlKan and J. H. and
M. J. Ryan, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged SS years and 6 months. (Bee ton, Macs.,
papers please copy.)
t^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Wednesday). at 8:30 a. m., from 767 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARLOW— In this city. October 8. 1905, Sarah.
beloved mother of Sister Mary Clare of the
Sisters of the Holy Family and John A.
Barlow, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
\u25a0 aged 73 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock a. m., from
her late residence, 231 Fulton street, thence
to St. Mary's Church, Oakland, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DAHLQUIST— In this cltr. October 10, 1905,
Carl Arthur, only, and Deloved son of John
end Blanda Dahlquist. a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 months and 23 days.
HARTNETT — A month's mind j-equiem high
mass will he celebrated for the repose of the
soul of Danlei Hartnett at St. Dominic's
Church Wednesday, October 11, at t) o'clock
a. m. Friends are invited to attend.
HATCH— In this city, October 9, 1905, A. Me-
lissa Hatch, beloved mother of Frank Oliver,
Rose Melissa and Charles Harris Hatch, Mrs.
S. Federsciel and Mrs. C. M. Buck, sister
of C. R. Moore, and daughter of Mary M.
and James W. Moore, a-^natlve of Pitts-
burg', Pa., aged C 3 years 2 months and 19
days. (Plttsburg, Pa., papers please copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ; Thurs-
day, Octobi-r 12, at 10 a. m., from the resi-
dence of Mrs. C. M. Buck. Haywards. Cal.
Interment Lone Tree Cemetery, Haywards.
HAVES— In this city, October 10, IUOS, at the
parents' residence, 35 South Park, William
H., dearly beloved eon cf William J. and
Nanie Hayes, a native of San Francisco,
Cal., aged 4 months and 15 days.
HURLEY— In this city, October S, 1905, Mary,
beloved wife of Alexander Hurley, mother
of Eleanor Hurley, sister of William Cronln
and the late Mrs. Maggie Rielly, and daugh-
ter of Owen and Ellen Cronln, a nstlve ot
Boston, Mass., aged 30 years 10 months and
4 days. (Boston, Mass., pnpers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from
the funeral parlors of McGinn Bron., 224-
220 McAllister street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. -Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
IRWIN— In this city, October 10, l»05. Francis,
relict of the late Ann lrwin, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland .
KOOPMAN— In this city, October 8, 1905,
Madeline, dearly beloved daughter of Frank
K. ar.d Mary Koopman, and sister of Frank,
Grace and AdelDhina Koopman, a native of
San Francisco, Cal., aged 1 year 3 months
ar.d ? ihi». __-
[C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of her parents, 1959 Buchanan
street. Interment Holy" Cross Cemetery.
LOCHER — In this city, October 9, 1905, Cor-
nelius Locher. beloved husband of the late
Agatha Locher, and beloved father of Mrs.
Edward Issler of Switzerland. John Locher.
Mrs. Daniel Finn, Mrs. J. Simpson, Mr?.
H. H. Ware and Sister Mary Joseph and
Sister Mary Theresa of the Dominican Order
of Michigan, a native of Canton Argau,
Switzerland, aged !>5 years and 28 days.
U'XDSTROM-In this city, October 10, 1905.
John Lundstvom, beloved brother of Ivar
Luud&trom of Napa County, Cal., a native of
Norway, aged 4'J yearn.
MAMER-In this city, October 10, 1905. Mary,
beloved wife of John P. Mamvr, a native of
Australia, aged 44 years 5 months and 22
days.
UyFrien*» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:.'JO a. m., from her 'late
residence, 53 Rondel place, off Sixteenth
street, between Mission and Valencia, thencts
to Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
.o£ her eoul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
MEYEK— In Frultvale, October S, 1905, John .
C, beloved husband of Matilda Meyer and
father of Josephine Meyer, a native ot v Ger-
many, aged ii!t years 9 months and 16 days.
£>'Krier.cs and acquaintances arc retpeci-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, October 11, at 9 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, comer of Brandon and \\ aeh-
ington sts., Frultvale. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city, October 10, 1905. Han-
nah, dearly beloved wife of the late John
lloore, and levins: mother of James A. and
Edward P. Moore. Mrs. George H. Garrische
of Buffalo, N. V., and the late Nellie C. and
Anuie C. Moore, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, ase-d 3t; years.
C^Friends one acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luncral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:3U o'clock, from her late
residence, 1474 Pace street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated lor the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cpoj-s Cemetery.
MURRAY — In this city, October 9, 19C5, Nor-
man, dearly beloved son of Charles F. and
Kate Murray, and brother -of Richard, Al-
wya, Andrew and Gracie Murray, a native
of San Francisco. Cal., aged 10 months. '
NAGLE— In this city, October 8, 1905, John
J., beloved husband of Eliza Nagle, father
of Madeline Nagle, and brother 01 Mary and
Con. J. Nasle. a native of iioston, Mass.,
aged 42 years and 10 months, a member of
. tha Veteran Firemen's Association of San
Francisco .
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the/ funeral to-day
(Wednesday), October 11, at^:3o o'clock a.
m., from his late residence, 235 Waller .
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a requiem macs will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Inttrnjen^ Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALM— In this city, October 8, 1905, John
Palm, a native of Sweden, aged 57 years. \u25a0
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:S0 o'clock a. m., from
the funeral parlors of Porter & White, -123 \u25a0
Golden Gat 9 avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. «
PFORR — In the City and County Hospital,
October 10, 1905, Christian Pforr, a native of
Germany, aged 41 years.
PLUMMER— In Berkeley, Cal., October 0. 1805.
William Plummer, beloved husband of the
late JEmma Plummer, and father of Walter
J. and Robert H. Plummer of Alameda,
Mm George R. Moes of Berkeley and George
Plummer of Elendale, Mich., a native of
Coesey, Norfolk, England, aged 77 years and
11 months.
C7Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 12, at 1 o'clock p. m..- from the
West End Methodist Church, corner Eighth
Etreet and Santa Clara avenue, Alameda. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
RAINEY— In this city. October 10. 1905,
George, beloved son of Edwin and Alice
Rainey, a native of \u25a0 San Francisco, - Cal >
aged 1 year 7 months and 15 days.
ROACH— In this city, October 10, 1905, David
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers— \u25a0
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. /
NOW AT 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167.'
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth - at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
CEMETERY PLOTS
Zb Odd Fellows' and Masonic - Cemeteries - can
• be exchanged for Plots la •
MOUNT OLIVET.
For particulars ' apply at City Office.
GRANT BLDO.. MARKET A SEVENTH STS.
THE ;.SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER, 11, 1905
L., beloved brother of Jeremiah, Thoriiaß and
• Frank Roach, a native of San Francisco,
CaL, aged 46 years. '
' cy Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and ElEhth.
ROBERTS— In Callstoga. Cal.. October 9, 1905.
Robert William Roberts, dearly beloved hus-
band of Julia C. Roberts, and loving brother
of John G., Joseph F., James E. and Mary
E. Roberts, Mra. Jacob Gardner, Mrs. C. F.
Kinsman and Mrs.' Clark Spence, a. native
of San Francisco, Cal.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
SABIN — In this city. October' 10, 1905, John
Ira Eabin. a native of New Tork, aXed 58
years and 1 days.
SCHMIDT— In this city, October 10, 1905,, Mi-
nnie Schmidt, beloved mother of Mrs. Anna
Harris and the late Albert Schmidt, a native
of Germany, aged 77 years 1 month and 23
. days.
tETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attsnd the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), October 11, at 2 o'clock p. m..
from the parlors of Gantner Bros., 1200 Mis-
sion street. Interment New Salem Cemetery,
by 3:80 train from Third and Townsend
streets.
WALSH— In this city. October 10, 1905, Alice
L., beloved wife of Louis K. Walsh, and sis-
ter of Frank V. and Bessie Canning of New
Tork, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
36 years and 1 day. s \u25a0
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 1453 Taylor street.
WICKERSHEIMER— In this city, October 10,
1905, Lydla, youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of August and Catherine Wlcker-
ehelmer, and lovlnr sister of August Jr.,
Ernest and Emily Wickershelmer, a native
of San Francloco, Cal., aged lfi years 1
month and 27 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), October 12, at 1:30 p. ra., from
the parlors of H. F. Buhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and ElEhth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Members of the Society Alsace-Lorraine
are requested to attend the funeral ) of Miss
Lydla Wickershelmer, daughter of Comrade
August Wlckerehelmer, Thursday, October
12, 1906 at Ip. m v from the undertaking
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
etreet. . By order of
JEROME MILLT, President.
PAUL D._ MERTZ, Secretary.
St. Dominic's Church Building Associa-
tion — The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
nnd relatives of living members will be eung
In- St. Dominic's Church Thursday at 9 a. m.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr. Charles H. Appleby sincerely thanks
his friends for acts of kindness and sym-
pathy and floral tributes during his recent
bereavement.
WOODLAWN . CEMETERY,
San Mateo County.
MASOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.
656 James Flood Building. S. F.
COMMERCIAL NiiWS
Continued from Pace Thirteen.
H C&S 5%5.104»4 — !SF & SJVSs.IIB% —
Do 5s 104%— ! SF.O &5J55.111% —
Hon R T 6s. — 110 I Sierra R (is. 112% —
L A Elec 5s — — S\u25a0P of A Cs
LAG &E1 5s — 103 . (1900) ....107^ —
L A Ry 55.116H — (1M0) 10S»i —
LAL gtd 5E.1C2 104 SPof C 6s
LAP lcm&s.lio — (ll»0ti) 101^102
LAP C te.. 10-J.4 — (1812) ....112 —
Mkt-st C C 5.113% — SIC leg 55.119 121
Do 1cin55.115»4 — SP B R 0&.133 —
MV& MtT53.105 — S V Wat G5.102 102V4
NR of C C5.103}4104 Do 4s 2dm.lOOUlooii
Do 5s 119 — i*> 4s :idm. 00%
NP C R ss. 105% 10614 Do g «ntg4s 97% 98
NC Ry ss. — 111^ Stkn G&E«s. — —
N C P C ss. 99 100>4 U G & E 55.105 105H
O GL&H 55.108H — UR ot SF 4s 89^ 80%
Ok T Co 65.121 123 Val Co P 55.104%106
Do 53 112tall3H Yos SL iVts. — —
\u25a0WATER STOCKS.
Contra Ceta 47% — I Port Costa... — 68
Marln C 0... 55 — | 6 V Wat Co 40^ 40%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P — . 4%! S F G & E. 84V£ &1%
Martel Powr 2 — | Do certfs.. 84^ 85
Mutual XL. 16U 16% i Stkn G& E. 5 — \u25a0
Pac L Co.. 71% — I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fd.335 — I ,
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k.127%130 |L P & A. ..145 157%
Anglo-Cal ..90 93 ! Mer Trust... 22o 240
Bank of Ca1.422 — iMerch Ex... 55 —
Cal Safe Dp.158 — IS F National — 160
First Natnl.32o 330 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.3000 — i Say & L So.loo —
Hum S Bk.lSOO — | Sec Say 8k. 395 —
Mutual Sav.lOC'/i — Union T C 0.2700 3300
S F Say U. 650 COO I
/ STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 225 | Presidio .... — —
Geary — 40 I
POWDER.
Giant Con.. 78% 80 i
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. — S.'iVVl Makaweli C. 34% 35
Honokaa SC 16 16J/J Onome a SC. 33% 34%
Hutch SP C 15% — Paauhau SC 23 —
Kflauea S C 4 5 |
MISCELLuVNEOUS.
Alaska PA. 61% C 2 | Oceanic SCo i'\ 5
Cal F C A. OS ICO I Pac Aux FA. ;:\ —
Cal Wine A — S5 I Pac C 80rx.152% —
MV& MtTm.loo — | I'acS Tel C 0.104 105%
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Contra Costa Water 48 00
100 Honokaa. S Co 16 00
25 Mutual Klectric Light 16 25
70 Mutual Electric Light ;. 16 s>>
ICO Mutual Electric Light 16 ."7%
93 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
115 S F Uas & Electric 84 50
15 Spring Valley Water Co .. 40 G2%
$15,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 55.. 0$ 25
Street—
$5,000 S F, Oak & S Jose'Ry 6s 111 75
Afternoon . Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 62 00
10 Makaweli 34 go
125 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
35 Paauhau S P Co. 23 12%.
7 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co 103 5u
CO S F Gas & E1ectric; ...... ... 81 50
53.000 Cal Ga* &. El G M & C T 55. . 9S 50
Street —
20 Spring Valley Water Co 40 62K
$5,000 S F. Oak & S Jose Ry 55.... 11 l 75
ITnlixted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! -Bid. Ask
Bay "CPC 68.10(5 107% SF G&E4%5.102
B L Wat 65.114 — SF &NP 55.111%112Vi
Cal NW 59.111 a P C R 4s. OG% 98%
M C-Wat 5s — 114 Sun Tel 65.. 112 —
O T Con 55.1C5%107 Do 5s .... in
Rlsl Wkssa.loi — Suttr-st RSs.lO5 110
SF Drdk 55.115 — r
\u25a0S MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. '
Ala S Co.. — 25 Mat Nay C 0.125 185
Am Bis Co.loo — Mils Nat 8k.325
Cal Cot Mis 89 91 NSR R Co 12U
Cal G&ECor 00 \>i\i N Cal P Co. 10% 16S
C Jockey C1.122%130 j Ok Bk Sav.lso — -
Cal- Powder. lCO — lOOF Hall A 0% —
Cal Ship Co— 25 Orpheum Co. 1C —
CalT I &tT.165& t T.165 175 PacC Cas C 0.140 175
Cen Bk. Ok — 75 Pac Sur Co. 120
Chutes Co.. 4% 5 Paraf- Paint."— 90
Clty& C 8k.107%110 S F Drydock — 75
Cyp L Imp. 5 6 SF. & S JCoal 20 —
DptPwd pfd 85 95 S Jose Wat.lC3% —
!FN Bk, 0k.120 — . SO &MT K bt.l2s —
Flschr Thtr 75c — So Pao Co.. 08
Frnch-A Bk.IOSH — Swlss-A 8k.125 130
Hono P Co. 35 37 Truck Elect. 17 18%
Do old pi. — 38 Union S Co. 37% •»«
Do nw pi. — 37 I W-Fargo 8k.220 —
Morning Session. %
100 Northern Cal Power C0 '..'.... 10 50
Afternoon Session.
Street— •.
86 Gas Consumers' Assn..! .20 00
. California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stocks— Bid. . Asked
Arline ......... 40 50
Afso Oil Stock cert ........ 57 ' ko
Aztec........ 170
Calilornia-Standard ..;..... 42 • "is "•
Central Point Con 1 70
Chicago Crude 42. \\"
Claremont 75
Forty ...:.... 65
Gitnt 52
Hanf ord 190 00 • 210 66
Home 65— "61
Imperial ..-. • 1(5 00
Independence ....... 23* 25-
Ktrn .-. ...1450 , ...
Kcm (new) .......... . . . . jn
McKlttrick .. 00
MtnteCrlsto. -..%.:..\u25a0:...... .... 75
Occidental of W Va 04 I
Oil City Petroleum 77% ...-.'
Peerleaa * 9 00
Reed Crude 24 ....-
Senator ....... ............ 165' ....
Sovereign '..... '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 36
Superior ". ....." 05 .'\u25a0
Thirty-three .....487% ;...
Toltec. .................... 65 ...
Twenty-eight ».26"'- 1100'
Wabagh ................... 32 -37'
Gas and ; electric— :
Ctr.tral Light & ' Power ........ \u25a0'-- \u25a0 4 87U
Korthern Cal . Power ; ." 10 25 ' . . . .
Miscellaneous • stocks '\u25a0.-'\u25a0
Abby Land 4 Imp Co .".'.';.'. V.i 1 27% •' ..;.
i Sanitary Reduction. Works .. 175 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board— "- :: V*'-' _„
5000 Asso Oil Co cert 5S
5000 Asso Oil Co cert, b'3o 59
100 Cal-Standard Oil ... • *2
200 Independence Oil '. . 25
500 Sovereign OH •••• 28
Afternoon Session.
Board— f • \u25a0
300 Cal-Standard Oil *-
1000 Oil City Petroleum • 8W
Mining.: StockH.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30. a. m. Session— Comstccks.
100 Andes 22 300 Con Va M...130
100 Belcher .. 26! 2CO Ophir .5 f2%
500 Belcher ..... 27 "SCO Overman .... -14
400 CaleAnia ...-51 200 Potosi ....... 14
200 Challenge ... IS| 400 Union Con ..
. 12 m. Informal Session— Comstocks.
ICO Alpha' ..-.10! 600 Mexican 110
300 Alta 04 100 Mexican. b6O-ll°
300 Andes • 22\ 3CO Ophir .....5 62%
ICO Belcher . 27 1 100 Potosi W
200 Belcher . 2C 400 Potosi 14
100 Best & Bel..l J 2O 700 Savage 48
1700 Caledonia ... 51] 300 Savage "47
100 Caledonia ... 52;2000 Seg Belcher.. 06
100 Challenge ... IS; 100 Sierra Nev -.29
100 Chollar ..... 14 100 Silver Hill . . HO
400 Con Va M..133 uW Silver Mill .. .91
ICO Crown Point. 09 3CO Union Con .. 49
100 Gould & Cur. 21 1 100 Yellow Jacket 14
2 p.m. Session — Comstocks..
200 Andes ....... 231 COO Crown Point. 09
400 Belcher 27! 700 Mexican 105
100 Best & 8e1..l 20 50 Ophlr .5 02%
200 Caledonia ... 52 3uO See Belcher.. 00
100 Caledonia ... 51 200 Sierra Nev . . 28
1000 Chollar .13 200 Silver Hill . . 90
100 Con Va M.. 135 600 Yellow Jacket 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ;.
Bld.Ask. B1( J- A8 £;
Alpha 10 11 Justice .. 03 04
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes ....... — 2> Lady Wash... 02 04
Belcher 25 • 2G Mexican 1 C 5 1.10
Best & 8e1..l 20 1 25| Occidental ... 8. 90
Bullion 87 39 Ophlr .....5 50 5G2%
Caledonia ... 49 50| Ophlr-Bruns. . OS 10
Chollar 13 14| O\erman 13 U
Challenge ... 17. 18| Potosi. •• 12 14
Con Va M..1 30 1 35! Savage 47 48
Con Imperial — 02] Scorpion 13 15
Confidence .. 75 78| Seg Belcher.. ,05 06
Crown Point. 08 09 i Sierra Nev .. 27 \u25a0 • J4)
Con NY — —St Ixiuis 00 —
E Sierra Nv»v 03 05; Silver Hill . . 90 92
Eureka C0n.. 2 25 —[Syndicate .... 11 —
Gould & Cur. 20 22! Union Con .. 47 48
Exchequer . . 50 D 5 Utah 03 04
Hale & Norc.l 00 1 05; Ytllow Jacket 14 15
Julia 07 09i
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKB.
Morning t>€3sion. . .v
2000 Big Bullfrog. 10 750 M Queen. slO 15
1000 Big Blfrg.bSO 11 2300 Mont Bullfrog 03
ICOO Brunswick .. 40 at o Mont Ton ...2 75
1000 Blfg NBk, 55 lti 31>X> North Star... 50
50t> Bullfg N Bk 16 3000 N Star, b 90. 54
1000 Den Blfg, s5 Zi 20C0 N Star, b 90. 52
1000 Den Blfg.slO. 23j 500 NY T (ion.ss 10
500 Dixie, s 5... 121 100 Ohio Ton ... 30
200 Dixie 12; 25^00 Orig Bullfrog. 30
ICOO Eclipse 43; 20W Sandstorm ... 45
4W forest City.. o3 200 Ton Beimont..l 45
COO For City, b3O .!<i I^o Ton Ex, 510.6 CO
1600 Gold Anchor. 87 15,000 T Gld Mt,ss 11
4000 Gold Bar, slO '-'I oC<>o Ton Gold Mt. 11
S00<) Goldfleld Mm 59 1000 Ton Hme Con tti
1000 Gldfld M, bt'O ol| 800 Ton Mldway.-.l 43
e<X> Home 00] 200 Ton Mdwy.3s.l 45
2COO Indiana 01 1 500 Ton Md way. l 42%
1000 Jumbo M Co. 76; 2IX) Treasure, bOO 06
IQP J Butler.s3o. 70] 500 Treasure 01
500 Jim Butler.. 71 100 West End ... 98
500 Jumbo Ex . . 25;
Afternoon Session.
ICCO Black Butte. lSj 2300 Kendall 20
SCOO Blue Bull .. 07 1000 Kendall ..... 19
200 Bullfrog Mm 50 800 MacNamnra. . 3i"
1000 Billlfg N Bk 10 2200 North Star... 49
500 Blfrg Pilot.. 20j 200 N Star, b 10. 60
5000 Cash Boy .. IS| 1!UO N Star, b 30. 62
250 C Eureka.s6.l 50! 500 Ohio Ton ... 25)
1000 Den Bullfrog 2.5, 5500 Red Top .... «0
3000 Den Bullfrog 24' 500 Silver Pick .. 18
500 Gold Anchor. BSI 200 Ton Exten ..COO
ICOO Gldfld M, sSO 59! 300 Ton Gold Mt. 12
1000 Goldfleld Mm 59 1000 Home Con.bOO 0;)
2000 Jim Butler.. 70| 1000 Ton Midway.. l -15
600 Jim Builtr. . C&; 100 Ton Nev,elo.l3 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Belmont 142 1 45) Lucky Tom.. — Oo
Belmont Ex.. — 121 MacNamara.. 36 !-3
Boston Ton.. 12 13 1 Midway 143 147
Brsr'B JB Ex — 10! Mlspah-Ex .. 11 13
California ... C 5 10; Mont Ton .. .2 72 275
Cash Boy . . 17 10! Mon Pttsburg — IS
Colehan — 10[ Monitor 02 03
Eula Con ... — 17! N V Ton Con 17 19
Gold Anchor. 87 80, North Star... 40 49
Golden Gate. — 08, Ohio Ton ... 30 33
Gold Mt H 12 Red Rock Ex — 15
Gold Mt Con — 01 Rescue 07 09
Great Westrn 03 04 Ton Exten ..6 00 Cl 2
Ind Tonopah. 01 02 j Ton Hme Con 05 00
Home OS 10! TonSlv& Gld 15 —
Jim' Butler.. 09 lOlTcn of Nev.l3 12 13 50
J Butler Ex- — 17i Virginia ..... 10 —
Little Ton ..2 00 2 P0 ; West End ... 93 1 00
GoldfieU District. .
Adams 04 C3l Gold Held Ton. — 0-5
Atlanta ..... H 12', Great Bend .. — 06
Aureora 00 (O|Highland — 20
Black Anta.. — 04! Jumb 0 M Co. 75 70
Black Butte. 18 10) Jumbo Ex ... 24 25
Blk Btte Ex 02 03 Juno — HI
Black Rock.. 01 031 Kendall — 20
Blue Bell ... 03 06i Lone Star ... — 09
Blue Bull . . 07 18; Lucky Star. . — 04
Brooklyn ... 01 02 : May. Queen .. 15 17
Btte Goldfleld — 45;. Mohawk 13 15
Bull & Btar. 02 0J Nevada Boy. . 13 Hi
Booth M Co. Ct) —Nev Goldfleld. 18 20
COD 40 CO Nev Southern. ' — 11
Columbia ... 15 — Oakes ........ — 10
Columbia Mt It! 19|Oakland — 10
Concjueror .. 10 11 1 Oro .' — 05
Diamond ... — • 131 l J ennsylvanla. 02 C»3
DiamondOeld. 25 29 1 Red Lion 03 Ot
Dradfld Trngl — 10J Potlatch . — 08
Dimlrilon .. — 08 : Rid Top 60 61
Dixie 11 1 12) Red Top Ex. 02 03
Empire 04 15 Sandstorm ... 44 47
Exploitation. — 04| Sandstorm Ex 07 OS
Fawn C 5 — ! Sherman .... — 25
Florence 2004 00 Silver Pick... CO 09
Frisco — 10; Slmmerone ..• — 23
Gold Dust .. — 07|St Ives ..... 14 15
Gold Hill ... — 04! Treasure . 04 05
Goldfiold Mm 59 tio! Verde — . t'4
Gld& G Reed — 10, Vernal 04 00
Gldfld Rand.. 05. O/.i; Wonder. — 02
Bflllfrog District
Amarprosa ... OS 10 "y Bar .... 24 —
Amethyst ... — 13 Gldfld Bullfrg — 10
Big Bullfrog. 12 — Llße Harris..' 02 03
Bonnie Clare — 50 Mont Bullfrog 03 04
Bullfrog Mm 45 5J Orig \u25a0 Bullfrog 21 23
Bullfrog Ani 02 04 Pilot IS —
Bullfrog Com 00 —R< d Dog 00 12
Builfrojc Ex. — 34! San Francisco — 17
Blfrg Bundle 10 — j Shashone — 10
Blfrg Jumper 10 — , Shoshn B Gld — 25
Bullfg N Bk 15 10 Stelnway ... . — 17
Den Bullfrog 23 24| Ventura ....'. 11 —
Dn Blfg Anx 05 00 Vista Grande. — C 5
Ecllpße . 44 45| Wolverine .... 05 10
Other Districts. • ; -
Brown Hope. — .14 Paymaster ... 02 C 3
Congress .... 15, — Ray &O' Brlen 'CO 07
Esperanza '. . — 01 Hocco Hxnstk. 73 —
Gold Recr M 15 Rothwoll ...'. — 26
Gold Quartz. 32 . — Silver Peak.. — 17
Kawich &B. — 13 Southwestern. — 25
Kawich Gold/ — 021 Sylvania .... — 17
Kawch MCo 06 091 Tokop Con ... — 01
Llda Hawk.-. — 00] .1
TONAPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tht- ban Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining; Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
800 Belcher ..... 20 1500 Red Top 61
2000 Black Butte. 20 2500 Red Top .... 60
500 Bunker Hill. 80 300 Ton Blmnt.l 42^5
200 Caledonia ... 50 15C0 Ton N Star.. 48
SCO Cent Eureka.l 50 < 500 N Star, b 30. 49
COCO Hme Con.bOO C 9 13000 N Star, s 5. 41)
3500 Nat Bank ..17 .100 Yellow Jacket 15
400 Paymaster .. 05;
,\ \u25a0 11 a. m. 'Session.
200 Belcher ..... 27 4CO Mont T0n.. .2 72%
2500 Dixie ....... 12 6COO Nat Bank . .'. 1«
1500 Goldfleld Mm CO UK) Ophlr SSO
6500 Hme Con.bOO 0!) SCO Overman .... 14
1000 Kendall, S3O 19 1000 Red Top .... 61
3000 Kendall. b3O 20 3<>oo Pa Goldfleld.. o,{
300 Mont : Ton ..2 751.700 Ton Midway.. l 45
- 2 p. m. Session.
2500 Bl Butte, b3O 201,300 Mont T0n... 2 72%
ICOO Dixie ... 12T 2000 Nat Bank .... 10
1000 Gold Anchor. ST I.VK) Ohio ... . . , 20
SCO Goldfield Mm <;0| 1000 Orlg Bullfrog. 52
SCO Gldfld M. blO COI IOOO Otlk Blfg, b9O ?3
7000 Gold Mt, b3O Hi - 500 Oustomah ... 80
1000 G S Pick .. 09 ICOO Red Lion .... 04
1000 M'Nmra. blO :»9l MX) Ton Blmnt.l 42%
COO Jim Butler. . 1 71| 200 Ton Midway.. 1 45
- 200 Mexican .1 10: SOO Ton N Star.. 49
100 Mnt Tn.510.2 72%t . 200 West End ... OS
CLOSING : QUOTATIONS.
v Comstocks.
Bid. Ask. | ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha ...:... 10 11 Julia ..... ... C 9 —
Alta — 05 Justice .;....— 04
Andes .....'.: 21 — Kentuck ..r.; - — 02
Beicher ..... 25 — Lady Wash.'. : — 04
Best & Bel.. 110 — Mexican .....1 00 —
Bullion 37 — Occidental .:.\u25a0 87; 01
Caledonia ...50 51 Ophir ........5 CO —
Challenge ... 17 — Overman .... 12 —
Chollar ..... 12 — Potosi ....... 13 —
Confidence .. 7<7 < — Savage 48 '—
Con Va M..12 5 130 Seg Belcher.. 03 —
Con>lmperlal -7- -02! Scorpion -....; 12 14
ConN T..;,,- O4[ Sierra Nev \u0084 2fl ;
Crown Point. OS 10 Silver Hill :. S7 ' —
Exchequer \u25a0'..' 49 — St. Louis .... — 11
E Sierra Nev \u25a0 — 04 Union Con .'. 4tt
Gould & Cur. 20 21 Utah ....::.. 03 05
Halo & Norc.l,oo 105 Teilow Jacket 13 —
:. -"Tonopah - District.- .;. " . '
Belmont .'.l «0 1 47&1 Mizpah E* .'. . 10 12
California ... 07 — Mont J Ton. ...2 70 275
Cash Boy . . \u25a0 — 20 N \u25a0\u25a0< T Ton Con :20 21
Colehan ..... — .10 North-Star..: ""4B 60
Gold "Anchor. . — 1 00 Ohio ;:'.;... r:v- • — '-30
Great Weetrn 03% 04 Paymaster "... '.0114. 0114 02
Honwj....::. 09V410 Rescue v...~.v 07 —
Home Con . . •00 Ton • Bxten V. 575 ; —
Ind Tonopah/ — ' :• 02 S . Nev : Dev. ;v r " — - 10
Jirnn Butler.. — 73 Ton of Nev.l2 B0 13 25
Lucky Tom.. — \u25a0 17 United Ton .. ' ."\u25a0 15
MacNamara.. — "39 West - End " ... : — 1 10
Midway ...1 42% 1 45| v ;'. .- .!__..!
Goldfleld District.
Adams •...*... 04 05 W[ Jumbo M Co. 70 —
Austin ...... — 31 Jumbo Ex -.. 24 —
Black Butte. 2Q —L Kendall ..... 18 *O
Blk Btte Ex 02 03%! Lone Star ... — • 03
Black Rock.. — 03! May Queen •• J™ —
Blue Bell ... — 06! Mohawk ..... 15 —
Blue i Bull .. OS oo! Nev Goldfleld. 19 — '
Brooklyn ... 02 051 Oakes — }*»
Columbia. Mt IS — Oro ..........— J»
Diamond ... 08 15! Pa Goldfleld.. 02 03
Dlamondfleld. 27 31 Red Lion — ™
Dixie... 11 — Red Top 60 61
Frisco — 10 Red Top Ex. Olta —
Exploitation. — 03 Srlves .1* ™
Oldfld G Dst — ~ 071 Sandstorm ... 50 *»
Gld& G Reed 11 — ! Sandstorm Ex 08 —
Gldfld I. Star — OS Silver Pick .. — -00
Goldflpld Nev CO —I Slmmerone . . 20 —
Great Bend.. 03 — Vernal — m
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 Xl L.ige Harris.. 01 \u25a0,<>\u25a0»
Beatty Blfrg — 05 Mont Bullfrog — £t>
"Bullfrog Anx — 07 Or!g Bullfrog. 21 ~3
Bullfrx Bell« — 071 Shoshone — }£
Bullfrog Mm — 58 Vista Grande. — 10
Bullfg N Bk 15 17! Wolverine ... — ll
Eclipse — 44
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. . — '\u25a0 lOf Tine Grove .. 20 25
Esperanza <. 00% 01; Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Free Gold . . — iy Rothwoll — 20
Gold Mt Con — 02 Silver Peak. . — 21
Kawich Gold. — 05| Ton Berkeley. — 02
Nev Sunshine 15 — | Ton Gold Mt. 10 14
REAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10.
William Knabe to Jefferson E. Doollttl*.
lot on N-\y corner of Franklin and Pine streeti.
N 65:9 by W 110; $1.
'.John A. and Elizabeth S. Wrisht to amm;
same, . quitclaim deed- $1 >
Gaillard, Georgiana.' M*. D./and Kate M.
Stoney to Susanna Tegen, lot on W line of
Fillmore street, 24 N of Filbert, N 24 by W
ICO; $10.
Henry or Henrie Tegen to name, same; gift.
William G. and Ida Hughes to Maggie L.
Young, lot on N line of California street,
5C:10 E of Devisadero, E 25 by.N 100; flO.
J. E. Young to same, same; gift.
Oscar -C. and Agnes E. Cappelmann to Jo
seph Nush, lot on N line of Sacramento street,'
116:5 E of Presidio avenue, E 33:0 by N
127:5!4. reeervtng strip in 2C57 D. 279; $10.
Etienne A. Garin to Gertrude V. Garln, lot
on W line of Belvedere etreet, 150 S of Halght
(245 E of Colo), S 25 by E 122:6; $10.
San Francisco and Suburban Home Build
j ing. Society to Horatio T Frost, lot on E line
lof Jordan , street, 306:8 N of Richmond, N
.33:1 by E 120: $10.
Julia Hunt to Charles W. Hunt, lot on S
line of Twentieth street, 330 W of Dolores,
: V/ 25 by S 114;. gift. >
George and' Margaret Peacock to James and
Kate Archer, lot on B line of Shotwell street,
112:0 N of Twenty-third, N 25 by E 97:6; $10.
C. C. and Emma R. 0"Donnell to Harry H.
Cosgrlff, lot commencing 25 W of Hampshire
street' and 73 N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by W
75; $10.
Thomas and Katie E. Lundy to Katherine
C. Cope, lot on E line of VlcksburK street. 30
S of Twenty-second, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Margaret A. Skelly to William F. Huber,
lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 80 W
of Castro, W SO by N 114^*10.
Charles Monson to Charles S. and Pauline
E. Witherby, lot on N line of Clipper strtet,
18C-.S E of Diamond,. E 20:8 by N' 114; $10.
Anna D. Joost to John Anderson, lot on S
line of Twenty-third street, 2SO W of Dia
mond, W 20 by S 114; $10.
Edward Cordero to Annie Cordero, lot on N
line ot Twenty-fourth street, 100 B of Doug
lass, E 25 by X 114; gift.
Washington I. and Ann M. Taylor to Robert
R. Thompson, re-record 1763 D. 367, lot on
W line of Battery street, 92:4% 8 of Pacific,
S li:5:10ii. W 137:6. N 68:9, W 47:6. N 45:iy.,
E ISS and right of way In 4 D. 642 and
2i; D. 379; also lot on E line of Sansome street,
13l:S S of Pacific S 11:S, E 137:6, E 0:10
W 47:6. N 5:10. W 90; $10.
Isador and Bertha Llpman to Maggie J.
Loeber. lot on W line of Dupont street. 117:10
N of California, N 19:8 by W 137:6; $10.
John Drusedom to Giuseppe Quelrolo, lot
on NW. corner of Kent and Mason streets (85
N of Union). N 33:6, W 60, N 1 19. W 20 S
52:6. E SO; $10.
Emelia Brignardello et al. to M. Fisher Com
pany, lot on SW corner- of Greenwich and Tay
lor streets, W 00 by S 90; 510.
John Peltier to William Mitchell, lot on SE
line of Clary street. 250 NE of Sixth. NE 26
by SE 75; ?3575.
John ana Mary A. Devany to Harry H. Cos
grilT, lot on S corner of Marlposa terrace and
Heron etreet, SW 50 by SE 40; $10.
Catherine Paine to Max Rubensteln lot on
NW line of- Kldridge street, 100 SW of Che-sley,
SW 20 by NW SO; ?10.
Catherine Dick to Frank A. Somers, lot on
NW line of Minna street, 250 SW of Eighth,
SW I's by NW 80; $10.
Julia C. Lyon to William M. Phillips, lot on
W line of Vormont street, 50 N of Twentieth
(Napa), N 25 by W 100; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Michael and Sarah Mulrooney, lot\ on W line
of Connecticut etreet, 100 N of Twentieth, N
25 by W 100; grant.
Maggie. Ella R. and Mary G. Kirk to Frank
Schneider, lot on W line or Kentucky street,
125 S of Twenty-second, S 25 by W 100; $10.
y Eugenia I. Cole to Jacob Heyman Company,
lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue, 125 S of
Lake street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
Ella F. Franks to Frank Dutton. lot on S
lino of California street South, 57 : C E of Fifth
avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10. !
Fdward C. Cordell to W. P. Hammon. lot on
S line of Point Lobos avenue, 120 E of Fourth,
E. 30 by S 100; $10.
Linian M. and William Little to Mary White,
lot on S line of A street, 95 W of Fifth avenue
W 25 by S 100; $10.
Jane E. Dcbney (Bond) to Julia A. McLeod
(wife of John N.), lot on E line of Sixth ovc
,nue. T>o N of Hugo street, N .25 by E 93: $10.
: Annie and Thomas Jr. and Mary
J. Kingston to Wells C. Norton, lot on E lin>
of Tenth avenue, 235 S of I street, S 25 by E
\u25a0120; ?IC. • . -
Charles T. Behan to Mary S. B»han, lot on
E line of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 N of X
strset, N 25 by E 120; gift. ,
Ferdinand E. Hcsthal to Parkside Realty
CompaujV lot on NW corner of Forty-third
avenu^ and S street, W 220:6. N 363:8, E 197:5.
S 344:7; also lot on NW corner of Forty-second
i avenue and S street. W 240, N 309:11: E 240:6,
! S 32:5:11; also lot on NW corner of Forty-flrst
i avenue and S street. W 240, N 319:3, E 240:6,
! S :503 :4; a!no lot on NW corner of Fortieth
[ avenue and S street. W 240, N 298:1, E 240:6,
I S 282:7; also lot on NE corner of Fortieth ave
| nue and S street. N 277:10^, E 120:0, S 270:4,
W 102:7; $15,000.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to George and Clara Mendelson, lot on W
lino of Nineteenth avenue, 125 N of T street,
N 25 by W 120; $013.
Same to Hattle Grunauer lot on N line of
T street. 57:0 W of Twentieth, W 25 by N
100; $340. ' *
Samuel B. and Mary E. Mertes to Louise
Gray ' lot on W line of Thirty-ninth avenue,
250 S of V street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Louise Gray to Louis H. ilooser, same; $10.
George P. Baxter to Bank -of Sebastopol, lot
on E line of Sullivan street. 150 N of Jeffer
son. E 70. N S3 SW UK. W 20, SW 37, lots
551 and 6Jsfi, gift map 2; $10.
Frank Boskowitz to Blanca Boskowitz. lots
512 to 515 sift map 3: also lot on N line of
Marshall street. 150 W of Congdon. N 110
by W 50. block S. College Homestead; $10.
Alice Hastings to Owen Moore, lot 10, block
7, West End map 1; $10.
Owen Moore to Joseph Fass'er, lot 10, block
7 fame; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Annie Goets, lot 38, block
4, Reis Tract: grant.
Jessie and Fred . Hauser to William ana
Nellie Hurley, lot on NE line of Emma street,"
300 SE of Silver avenue, SEISO by NE 100,
lots 25. 27. 29. 31, 33 and 35, -Silver Terrace;
$10. .
Clara T. and L. Curran Clark to American
Land and Trust Company, lot on E corner of
Lls-bon street and Russia avenue, NE 300 by
SE 100. lots 3 and 4, block 27 Excelsior
Homestead;* §lo. _ .- • -
American Land . and "Trust \u25a0 Company to
James M.-.and Josephine -V. Hayes, lot on E
corner of Russia avenue and L'sbon street
XX 100 by SE 50. lot 4, block 27, same; $10.
Marea E. Wurtz (Rosengarten) to Alfred D.
Bf'wen. lot on SE line of De .Wolf street,
105 NE of Sickles, NE 50 by SE ICO. block 6,
Senrs .subdivision. West End map 2; $10.
Od<] Fellows' Cemetery Assoc'atioti to Gus
tave Sorman, lot In cemetery: $200. '
Jacob Heyman Company to. Richard Collopy.
lot on S line of Twenty-second street, 215 E
of Hoffman street E• 25 by S 114, lot 33,
Heyman Tract; $10.
Buildern' Contracts. \u25a0 •-
Bauer-Schweitzer Hop and^ Malt Company
(owners) with H. .L. Petorsen (contractor),
architect Galland Hennlng Company — Concrete
and other^work for buildings on lot on Chest
nut street* between Powsll and Mason; $13 515
D. Laird (owner) with A. Saver (contractor)
architect Charles Haynes — All work lor a iwo
£>lory frame cottage on lot oii-.\V line of Noe
street. — :S of Market, 15:6 by :t2:8; $21S0 '-
R. D. Davis & C 0 ... (owners) with John
Slinmen (contractor), architects Meyer &
O'Brien — Alterations and additions- to store In
building on NE corner of Geary street and
Grant avenue; -S2SCO. . ' . . \u25a0
'Hale -Bros, (owners) with Fink & Schindlei
Company (contractors), architects Reid Bros.
Store ; fixtures and fittings to building' on S
line of Market ' Street. 78 E of Sixth. JG'9B-0"
S 170, W 176: C, N 80, E 78 — ; $:tlfStf. ' '
. Southern Pacific Company : (owners) with Au-'
Gust C Wocker (contractor),- architect "
Decorating . and tinting of wall, ceiling, and
wood work -on walls and celling, etc., \u25a0 for
offices in . bulldtns: '- on . SE corner of Market
street - and New Montgomery , tHK), Cll and 613
Market street: $1360. ..
• Same owners with L. and E: Emanuel (con
tractors), archllccf -. Alterations. and In
stallation ; of ' new ; counters, :. railings, seats,
wainscoting.'.nttlngs. • stairs \u25a0 to , basement, floor
of platform -for Mr. Mann's; office for same
on came: $3575.' ' :. \u25a0.\u25a0'<'\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 :
.Millie Cooper downer), with VW. G. Hind Im
provement-Company \u0084\u25a0•' (contractor*), architects
W. : O, ' Hind — AH ; work > for, a • two-story . frame
residence '• on lot "' on S line ' of Jackson 1 s t re; t '
121 :2 - H of - Presidio \u25a0' avenue, E 29 :9 by ~N
127-.BU: $c«40. --.. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0-..-• \u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0,-- \u25a0:\u25a0 :
\u25a0 .Thomas . Burgoyne . (owner) with J. D.*.Van
derbllt (contractor).! — — architect— Alterations
and additions to a one-«tory l frame -building on
lot .; on iW.i line ;\u25a0 of Third * avenue 100 S: ot
Point Lobos.; No.' 4ll; $682.1 v. >-- ' .'
; SA F.iCok« and Gaa Company (owners) with
Healy TibbetU Construction - Company (con-
JAMES H. HYDE OUT
OF UNION PACIFIC
Ousted at a Meeting of the
J)ireetors in JSalt
Lake.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Oct. 10.— James
H. Hyde of New York was dropped
from the board of directors of the
Union Pacific Railroad at the annual
meeting of the stockholders held here
to-day. P. A. Valentine of Chicago was
elected to the board a3 a new mem
ber. With these exceptions, all mem
bers of ! the former board were re
elected. .The Harriman interests were
in complete control, no opposition
whatever being voiced. W. D. Cornish
of New York, vice president, and Wil
liam R. Kelly of Omaha, general coun
sel, represented the Harriman Interests
at the meeting. There were voted at
the meeting 1,963,241 shares, or nearly
75 per cent of the outstanding stock.
'The Union Pacific Land Company's
annual meeting also was held here to
day. The former board of directors
was re-elected, with one exception. R.
S. Lovettf of New York was elected to
succeed Lefrand Young of Salt Lake.
MACHINE TO ASSIST
DISHONEST CAEMEN
Cash Registers Which Aid
Fraud ilade by Firm in
San Francisco.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 10.— In th«
arrest here ~ yesterday 01 a conductor,
who had two cash registers In his pos
session, the secret service department
of the Metropolitan Street Railway
Company believes it has unearthed a
company that manufactures bell regis
ters for use by dishonest conductors in
stealing fares. The bogus register in
the possession of the conductor ar
rested is said to have been put out by
a San Francisco firm that furnishes
them to conductors in all parts ot the
country. .
GERMAX PROFESSOR IRATE
AT TREATMENT IN AMERICA
Asserts He Xever Before Received Such
IHscourtcsles an on Knterlnjc
the United states.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— Dr. Theodore Zlncke,
professor of chemistry in the University of
Marburg, Germany, who passed through Chi
cago yesterday on his way to New York, ds
clarcd that, although he had traveled all ov«r
Europe, Asia and Africa, he never before re
ceived such discourteous treatment as was
given him when he entered the United States.
He asserted that on his way to Seattle last
week he whs "treated like a Chinaman'" and
forced to Day a fee cf $2 before he was al
lowed to cross the boundary line.
Tcnnensee Mob Hnnss a "Xegrro.
MEMPHIS. Term.. Oct. 10.— Luther Hil
lings, a negro. 27 years old, was hanged to
day by a mob at Brunswick, Term. The negro
bad attacked a white woman.
tractors), engineer J. C. H. Stut — Foundation
for a gas holder, block bounded by Jefferson
Beach, Powell and Mason streets; $ — — .
Mary M. Miner (owner) with Frederick C.
Gehriug- (contractor), architect — Excavat
ing, concrete, brick and carpenter work, plumb
ing and plastering for a one and a half story
frame cottage on lot on NW line of Cains
avenue. 250 NE of Lakevlew. thence 25 ,
let 15, block H. Columbia Heights Tract; $1580.
Amy G. Fraser (owner) with Frederick C
Gehrlng (contractor), architect — Same
for name on NW line of Came avenue, 225 NE
of Lakeview. lot 14. block H. Fame; $1330.
Mrs. M. Wilson (owner) with Matthew A.
Little (contractor), architect J. P. Chrlatlaa
sen—All work, moving, raising, alterations and
additions, except parlor mantels, gar 1 fixtures
and finishing hardware to make al tßree-story
frame building (six fiats) on SW corner of La
guna street and Willow avenue, W 51:9 by S
X 4: $7100.
Louis Sloss (owner) witti Matt Kelleher (con
tractor), architect Sylvatn \u25a0 Schnalttacher—Cut
ting off. shoring up and underpinning of brick
party wall for building adjoining on E line of
lot on N line of Market street, 675 NE of
Marshall square, NE 25 by N 100, center lino
of said wall Is distant on NW line of Market
street 700 NE of Marshall sqpare and Is W
wall of premises 1360 Market street; $1200.
Alameda County.
Hannah Cook (executrix estate of Moses J.
Frank) to German Evangelical Lutheran Trin
ity Congregation, all interest in lot on SW line
of East Fifteenth street. 60 NW of Seventeenth
avenue. NW 25 by SW 140. lot 15, block 19,
San "Antonio, E«st Oakland; $500.
Harriet N. Clark (single) to Charles P. Al
ston, lot on N line of Lester avenue, -433.45 W
of Newton, N ISS.S, W 40.3, S 196, etc.'E t5
to beginning, portion lot 3. block E, Peralta
Heights. Eaet Oakland: $10.
Mattie E. and Howard K. James to Martha
M. Smith (wife of JoFhua). lot on NE line of
Eaet Fourteenth stiett, 18-1:4 NW of Third
avenue. NW Cti:S by NE 120, block 53. Clinton,
East Oakland; $10.
Martha M. and Joshua Smith to George D.
Shadburnc, same. East Oakland; $10.
Dora A. Douglas (widow) to Charles E. Ban
croft, lots 1 and 2, block 2, Drexler Tract, Oak
land; $10.
A. B. nnd Minnie K. Hendrickson to Henry
Stirring, lot on E line of Bonar etreet. 140 N of
Allston way, ; N 40 by E 120. lot 26. and W 20
feet lot 16, block A, Bryant Tract. Berkeley:
$10. ' . "
The Realty Syndicate to Frances E. Norton
(widow), lots 13 to 17. b:ocx D, Bryant Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Same to George W. Le Moirt (married), lots
9, and 12. block D, same. Berkeley; $10.
Agnes E. and George McConnell to John and
Etfle Seckler. lot on W line of Broadway, 1150
S cf Central avenue. S CO ny W 140:2. being S
50 feet lot 4(5, map subdivision half -acre lots In
Hays St Caperton Tract. Alameda: $10.
Thomas R. and Sadie Tilley to Isaac Penny,
lot on N line of Santa Fe avenue, ICO TV of
Ban Pablo avenue. W 35 by N 106.62. beln*
W 10 t> t of lots 1 to 4 and B 25 feet of lot
5, Map 2. William M. Butters Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Charles E. Robinson to William A. Robinsoa.
lot on E line of Forty-fifth street. 165 E of
West, B 25 by N 100. being E half of lot
27, block 21C9. Alden Tract at Temescal, Oak
land: aleo lot on N line of Forty-fifth street,
UK) E of West, E 60 by N 100. lot 26, block
2100, same. Oakland: $10. f"
Asbury J. Russell and P. L. or Peter I*.
Wheeler and William B. Bosley (trustees of
Samuel I Merrltt Hospital) to Roosevelt John
son, all [ Interest in lot on E line of Oak street.
915 N of Thirteenth. N 60. E 150 to W shore
cf I-ake Merrltt. S 60, W 175, to beginning,
Oakland; $10. -
. George T. and Adeline 8. Hawley to Robert
Irvine, lot on S line of Prospect street, 1440
E of Telegraph road or avenue as it existed
August 3. lSt56. before widening, . E CO by 3
IC7, portion of lot 41, property 'of Oakland
Homestead Association. Oakland: $10.
. Holcomb. Breed &\u25a0 Bancroft to Anna A.
Hyde (widow), lot 8, Santa Fe Tract No. T,
Oakland: ?10. .;?. -:
Mrs., Emma S. or Emma 8. or Emma or
Emma'Sopblra Westcott (widow) to Richard
J. Montgomery (single), lot on NE corner of
Forty-second and Linden streets, X 100 by E
140. lots 1. 2 and 30. block 20JM. Alden Tract
at Temescal, Oakland; $10.
Virginia s>naw \u25a0 (widow) to The Realty Syndi
cate, lot on NE corner. of San Pablo avenue
and Thirty-seventh street, thence SE 0G.45, NE
85.8% NW 112.27 to saldE line of San Pablo
avenue. SE 30.60 to beginning, Oakland; $10.
Walter B. and Caroline Birdsall to F. J.
HorswlU. lot on E line of Market street. 70:2
S.of Thirty-sixth, S 34:10 by E ICO,- blk M.
property Central Land Company, formerly
Brown Tract, Oakland; $10.
Laura L. and SVphan Bartoshak to Russ»ll
W. Osborn. lot on SE corner of Twenty- first j
avenue and East Nineteenm \u25a0 street. S 140 by
E 00. lots 23 anil 24. blo«c 3S. San Antonio.
East Oakland: $10. 1
• Victoria - Trevellick (widow) to A. E. H.
Smith lot on E line of Milvia street. 60 N of
Cedar* N 3S by-E'iMi. portion lot IS, block ..
Graves *c Taylor Tract, etc.. Berkeley; $10. _
North Alameda Land Company to A. C. ilc-
Cully lot 25 by ICO feet, being lot 42. block 13.
North 'Alameda Land : Company, formerly \ ai
de* & Glascock Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Herbert Crowe to John D. Dumont. lot on
S line of Eagle avenue. 70.65 E _of_Everctt
street. E .T5 by S 130. portion lots S and 0.
blo-V _» .T?nka & Mead Homestead Tract. Ala
"^Lu^arlow (widow) to Alice Barlows la-
Kle)- (Sister Claire of Convent of Holy Famllv).
lot onl2 line of Sherman street. Jl5J 15 , so«s o« Santa
Clara i avenue. 6 25 by E 150. lot ». block 20.
Fitch Tract, Alameda: gift. \u25a0 A,—.. r
» Realty Syndicate <«>n?oratlon) to Carrie I.
Hoopor (widow), lots 43 ; to .45-,. 45 -, 1 b bock' ock DVD V map
street. E4O by. N" 134.31. lot 32. block 5. Sea
V Ro'brr a t r nnd°A k nn?e (Kruger) to Josep*
. n sv«Tn» lotcn S line of Oregon street,
i~» 9 \u2666/» It- 11 and 1" block A, lots 3, 5, 8. .11
\u25a0SS-k blocl "Ift^. Tract, etc. auitcUhn
deed. Brooklyn Township. $1.
SALOONS BOYCOTT
STKIKE-BREAKEKST
Entire Town Eises Against
Non-Union Railway Men
Near Chicago.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10. — A weary, hungry
grans ot non-union switchmen spent
last night in boxcars on a siding: ot tha
Grand Trunk freight yards ai Elsdoa.
They did not take the lodgings from
choice, but because the residents of
Elsdon, out of sympathy for the strik
ers, had driven every non-union raa.n
from shelter in the suburb. Evtry
hotel, lodging quarters, boarding-houso
and private residence in Elsdon joined
in the boycott. The stores were locked
and the barber shops closed. Even th«
saloons refused admittance to the un
welcome strangers. The two village
marshals, with gruff orders to "Jlova
on!" proceeded to hustle the non
unionists out of town..
Confronted with the alternative of
having to walk several miles or 3peml
the night in the open, the men decided
to consult Yardmaster Conroy of the
Grand Trunk. He found the empty
boxcars on the siding.' Blankets were
procured and the forty-eight non-union
men went aupperless to bed. The rail
road officials said that arrangements
would bo made to house the men in
barracks. -
DANKER SAID TO BE DEAD
OP STOCK-STEALI>'Q GA2VO
Accused ot l-riidin>r Rlns Which Has
Been Operating In Montana and
North Dakota.
FARGO. N. D.. Oct. 10.— Stockmsa of Mon
tana and North Dakota are Interested In *,
big cattle stealing sensation in ths northwest
ern part of this State near the Montana line.
The most sensational* feature of the deal is
th o arrest of a banker in connection wlt;»
the affair. He Is said to have furnished th»
bralna for tho outflt and a cloak of respect
ability, under which the rang operated.
It Is said that a full exposure of the deal
will involve dozens of men. one of \u25a0whom la \
Government official, who, thoush Indirectly
connected and apparently without criminal In
tention on his part. U said to have acted as
an agent In selling the stock.
INJURED MAN UNABLE
TO PRONOUNCE NOUN*
Stranse Case of New Jerseyan Suf
fering From Paralysla ot the
Naxulns Center.
NEW TORK. Oct. 10. — Physicians at Flaln
fleld, N. J.. are much puzzled over the cas»
of Garret T. Dunham, who was thrown from
a trolley car several weeks ago. landing on
his head. Dunham Is now apparently as well
as «ver. except that he' Is unable to pro
nounce nouns. He has no difficulty with verbs,
but when It cornea to naming objects he is
all at sea.
Dunham' a case, according to an expert, l»
extremely rare. It Is paralysis of the naming
center a part of the bruin directly over tha
left ear. Specialists say that a similar cas*
was reported a year ago. The victim would
describe a knife as something to cut with.
or a glass as something to drink from, but
could not name either article.
CORONER'S JURY HOLDS HART (
TO THE CHICAGO GRAND JURY
Alleeed Slayer of Ten-year-old Girl
, Say* He Will Easily Prove
Innocence.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— Charged with havins
caused the death of 10-year-old Irene Klokow
by administering arsenic poison. Dr. A. B.
Hart was held to the Grand Jury to-day with
out ball by a. Coroner's jury, at the conclu
sion cf the 'inquest on the body of the cirl.
Dp. Hart, who, it is charged, first attacked
'\u25a0 the girl and then poisoned her to hide his
\u25a0 crime, listened to the reading of the verdict
without any sign of emotion.
"I am not at all surprised at the action
of the Coroner's Jury." he said, "because I
expected to be held to the criminal court tot
trial. I am Innocent, however, and I don't
think I will have much difficulty In proving my
Innocence."
SHOOTS UP THE TOWN, »
INCLUDING THE MAYOR
Intoxicated Man In Harper. Kan-tan,
Takes Pot Shots at the
Citizens.
HARPER. Kans.. Oct. 10. — While intoxicated
last night. J. J. Akin, proprietor of a shooting
gallery, made the rounds of the business dis
trict, firing his revolver at random and chasing
every one off the streets. Mayor W. G. Mult
was shot and seriously wounded and Fred
Lyons, a Mr. Meyer and the Town Marshal
were slightly wounded. Mayor Mulr will re
cover. Akin was arrested.
New York Speaker Dead.
WESTFTELD. N. V., Oct. 10.— S. Fred
Nixon. Speaker of the Assembly, died at hl3
home here to-day after a second operation for
appendicitis. Nixon was 43 years of age.
Steamers leave Pier* 9
- y^W^-KCS. and 11. San Francisco:
f&'f *" or Ketchikan. Wrangt!.
mv Vitya^ vM Juneau. Treadwell. Halne*.
II VC* 1 ! \ \ Skagway. etc.. Alaska— lt
I I V?&t*sJ I a. m.. Oct. 2. 7. V 2. 17. ?>.
\*^ \\ *'Vtt' *•• Nov - *- Change to thta
VXvYJ 'Sl*/ company's steamers at Sw
>S*STavP.X attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Aca-
cortes South Belllnßham. Belllngham— ll a.
m Oct. 2 7. 12. 17, 22. 27. Not. 1. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaa'rt
and O N Ry-. at Seattle or Tacoms, to N. P.
Ry • at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
„ £. Oct. 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. Nov. 1. Corona.
?-3C?D m-. Oct. 3. 11. 17. 23. 29. Nor. 4.
For Los Angele» <via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Re«a. Sundays^ 9 a. m
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Eart
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (oaa
Lul» 'OblsBO). Ventura and Hueneme —
Coosßay. » a. m.. Oct. 5. 13. 21. 29. Not. 4.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Oct. 1. ». 17. 25. Nov. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Jos« det
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m ALASKA EXCURSIONS. B*"f « l?©^Th<;
nalatlal Alaska excursion steamship SPOKA.V3
wtl* leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 7.
21 July 5. 19. August 2.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to rhange steamers or sallrns dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery st
<Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadway
Whar»e.. FrelcM Office— lo Market st.
; T b DCSASX. General Passeoger Age«.
[ *~ .r- 10 Market nt.. San Franci»co.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA ;
ORIENTAL S. S. Co.>
Steamers win I«aT» wharf, corner First and
B "",n utreetn. 1 p. tn.. for Yokohama an-l
S£3£»§" calling at Honolulu. Kob*.
fklow) Nagasaki, and Shanghai, and cna,
nectlne at Hongkong with steamers for In-
Su. «tc. No cargo received oa board on da y
of "»". l . n J Jj in!:RICA MARU" FRIDAY. Oct. 2T.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company's
i «fflc# seventh floor, Mercnants' Exchange.
! Ola "' W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
yiVVULVV*V««Vf OlSEClUM'oiaH'i-
p s SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thursday. Oct- 12. 2 p. m.
S 8. MARIPO3A. tor Tahiti. Oct. 17. 11 a. nv.
] D.SPBICIELS 4 3201 CI.HH TiCfct 03C5 m U:-
let FnMSt CSc? 327 Matet st, Plar 7. Facil: '»;.
Compaamle General* Traaaatlaatlqar.
UIKKCT LINE TO HAVRE— Paria.
tailing every Thurwlay instead of •*-?.r-* r*
Saturday. 10 a. m., from Pl»r 42.
North River, foot of Morton »t.
First-class to Havre. *T0 and upward. 9»c-
end class to 'Havre. *4.% and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
paVADA 32 Broadway «Hudson building;.
New Tort J. F. FVQAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents." 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tl<*k»t» m>M t«y all Ratlrrwut Ticket Ag>nt».
BAYANB IXTKRVRnAX lIOCTES.
maHsland navy yard"
.VALLEJO'and* NAPA
Nopa .'Volley f*oxxto ,
. Monttcello a. S. Co. sod Napa, VaUey K}*o> '•'
trie R. R. CO. Clow connection*. , .
C— HO I'M) TRIHS DAILY— 4
'Boat* l«av« San FfancUco 1:00 c »9:4» a. a»^
12:80 noon.S:tX *:W. 8:30 a, nu
. Eaa Francisco landlac and of ic*. Pier %
foot of MlMtoa St.. one Mock souUl Mmrka«->u
Ferry. Ural* ala cart*. Phoa* Maia UQ&
•Lands Nay* Yard direct.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ir all-street Stocks firm. Cotton higher. Money 4j4@5j4 per cent.
Business quiet on the local stock exchanges.
Silver and Exchange rates as before quoted.
Government issues its monthly report on Grain.
Wheat Futures easier and Barley Futures higher.,
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
\u25a0 Fecdstuits firm. Hay still rising under the car shortage.
Beans unsettled again by heavy arrivals.-
Poultry in liberal receipt, but cleaning up well.
Good Potatoes meeting with improved demand. Onions firm.
Warm wcatJier stimulating the demand for Fresh Fruits.
Dried Fruits quiet, zcith packers filling previous orders.
Butter higher again. Eggs and Cheese steady.
: Provisions quiet. Meat market as before stated.
v Wool, Hides ai:d Hops unclianged.
Fruit Canners* Association revises quotations.
S«w Clearingr-House Bank.
Tfcere •will, be a now Clearing-house bank on
Monday w-xt— the National Bank of the Pa
ci&j—and its number will be 32.
The Hop Market.
Mall advicts from New York »ay:
"A firmer market was reported, particularly
tor the better sxades of State hops. It appears
that dealer* who have sold choice IHCS State
hops to brewers, appreciating the fact that the
J.eia cf the bttter grades of hops from thla
season's crop win be limited, entered the mar
k * £ bu 3 ers w cover their sales and during
\.%, P i*\ * ew days l'-rchased about 800 to
luoit bales at juices ranging from 16c to 21e.
£cv.orGlr* to quality, about one-half of the pur
chases boiTLS at ana nigher for choice
craaes. Tho advices received from the coast
reporv.-d a fair amount of activity to the buy
ing; s^ies reported were ebout !WX> choice 6o
non:a.s and Oregons at 12' 2 !&13c. aIFO Saci-a
njenAo and Waffcington hops at 10<i5fl2c. Ad
dicts received irom Germany reported a firmer
nia.-ket. prices showing an advance of 3
nr^j-k6."
Fruit Crop Keport.
t rom the Crop Bulletin, United States De-
Vs-rtment of Agriculture. Washington, D. C,
:^rth«> week end^i Septemb«- 25, 19u5:
Nq iffijirovomttit In the apple crop ie indi
es-tod, an inferior crop being reported from
prariicany aji tht appie-produclng States.
J'.ew England— Apples poor; other fruit fair;
tsy.n* rouins of ;*aches.
New York — Fruit being picked; apples poor;
JP^aclws and grapts ptemlfOl; pears and quince*
calr. hoj* all eathereU.
New Jersey — Cranberry picking well ad
vanced.
Pennsylvania — Apples ecarce; peaches and
k'.is rl*je. lair crot.s.
V .'.iarjiand and Delaware — Apples and pears
efcanOaot.
Virginia — Apple crcp light in most counties.
North Carolina — Aisles short.
— Citi-us trut-s vijoroue; fruit drcp-
Fil* very little.
Arkansas; — Apples po>.-ir la yield and quality.
Tenneestc— Apples scarce.
Kentucky — Apples disappointing.
Mi&tiouri — Apples scarce.
Illluoi* — Apples continue to fall.
Indiana— Tomatoes ripening slowly, light
cru;> promised; peaches and pears fair crops;
apples light.
Ohio — Apples very poor.
Michigan — Apples scarce.
W'econ«ln — Cranberries much below normal.
leva — Apple crci> very poor.
Nebraska — Apples lieht crop.
Kari6&* — Appjt- picking begun, many apples
tiill«jii or Llown off. s
Montana — Apple picking in progress, yield
"I'tjth— Fruit being rr.arketed.
N>\ada— Late truit riptnlng. \u25a0
Washington — Hoiw aomewhat injured by
moisture and vermin.
Oregon— Hops better than expected; prunes
Dually.*, 11 j.-i»th«r*d, of gocji en*, but yield
about h*ilf of full crcp; ap:.le« fair to good.
The Weather and Crop*.
The, weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director 01 the climate and crop Mnite of :
:':e Weather Bureau, in as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
\u25a0 "iear and warm weather prevailed rnoet of
the week in ali pane of the with dry
northerly «.}!)d* a pan. of the time. Light
rain fell jr. th* central end northern sections, ;
Vut caused no material damage to crops. ;
Fire* in th"» (bothUla tes-t cf aanta Barbara
— s . great d&:ua«e. to harvested crops and
\u25a0eriotady injured orchards.
Uaiiiin iiiaking is still in progress, though
a large pGrtion of the crop h»s been taken
"io packing-huUEes. Tttr w^atfcer was very
f«voraiile 10 curing the raisins and for com-
Kriertns; thr^ dryinic ot late deciduous fruits.
~^r> •uth'rrn Calilornia walnuts were somewhat
Cl:4ur*d by the heat; the crop is reported
itchier than last s--*.--.:.'s and the nuts uf
texcellfnt yuaiity. Oranges continue iv nrst
clas» con4:ii<;n in ail t-^rctior.s and the outlook
J^ g'^ud f'r- a heavy crcp. An unusually large
crop <,{ apples is beins Kathered. The wine
ries are Mill in full operation. 'Almond har-'
vest Is completed In come sections and pro-
Kresslng in uth'_rs; the crop is reported good.
Olive* are in excellent condition.
In San 1-ulr ObifciK) and Ventura counties
the bean crop is rei>crted th? best for many :
yt-ars, there is a good yield in other
•aliens: the crop is nearly all harvested and
thrashing is pro«r«££iiit,- rapidly. Hop baling
and t-hipping <-or.tinue. t>ugar beet harvest is
jirogres^Uit;. Fall pluwing and dry seeding are
la prvgiTis in tome sections.
bACKAMKXTO VALLEY.— The weather!
\u25a0*as warm and clear nicst of the week, with
..t:.i rain in *o«ne sections Friday end Satur
<it.y. . Conditions were very tavorable for
crapes and beans, but the abw-nee -of hoavy !
rain« is causing t scarcity of feed and stock
n.en are becoming anxious. Heavy ship-.
TTients of Tokajr t rape' were made during- tbe
»eek frorfi the. American Rivei- district, and
' half 'ot the crop has already been gathered
and dleposed of. Fruit drying and r&l. in
h.aking are progressing and n^ariy completed
In some sections. Apples are of superior
<;usJlty and the crop Is largfe. Citrus fruits
' " sire In excellent condition. Hay is practically
all fwrnred except the late crop of alfalfa.
Hop baling continues. Fall plowing and dry
seeding are in progress.
COAST AND BAY SECTION'S.— Clear and
»arm weather prevailed most ot the week.
Light rain fell In portions of the coast dis
tricts, but caused no material damage to crops.
In Kumboldt County the showers were *uf-
Jicient to improve grass* and retard fall plow-
Ing to some extent. Grape harvest* continues
and a fa;r crop Jn being shipped to markets
"-•nd wineries. Apples are of excellent quality
_^*nd the crop Is the largest for several years.
Fruit drying Is completed in most places.
Tree pruning Is la prorress. Bean harvest Is
nearly completed and thrashing Is progress
lag rapidly. The bean crop in the vicinity
of San Luis Oblspo is reported very large
ar.d of good quality. Fall plowing Is in !
progress in some sections.
SaN JOAQUIN VALLEY. — Clear and sea
senable weather prevailed during the past
week, which was favorable for maturing all
cropp-' The ralfln crop Is nearly all cured
and being moved to tire packing-houses. Some
«f the iseoond top of raisins Is Btill on the
trays. Grape harvert Is progrecßing rapidly:
large shipments of Tokays continue to East
ern market*, and wineries ar« In full opera
tion. Olive* are making good progress and
promise a large crop. Attalfa thrashing con
tinues and the crop is good. Stock are
healthy trtd In rood condition and dry feed
!s plentlfuV
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. — Clear and
- warra weather prevailed during tbe week.
w!th light drylr^r winds a part of th* time.
Conditions were very favorable for fruit dry
ing raisin roaWng and bean harvesting, all
of which are progressing satisfactorily. The
heat eaured some damage to walnuts In places
where -water is scarce. The walnut crop Is
rcnerally of nr»M quality, but will be lesi
than U-.at of ka«=t neascn. The extremely dry
v-e.stht-r mart* frequent and »renerous Irriga
tion r.scewaryi but In moot respects was bene
flrlal to crot*. Raisin making Is well under
•ray and the crop Is turning out very good.
Oranges onrttmie In flret-<;lajtj« condition and
tho prOspect.' for a large crop Is excellent. A
henvr cr~r of beans is being harvested. Irrl
ratlon weter U plentiful In most places. It
i% reported that fire has oestroyed several
Man of «»cked bcaus und ceriously damaired
• r^lt orchards In the foothills east of Santa
SUMMARY.-Cont. with light
. frort at close of week. Recent rains greatly
benefited, feed on hlrh ranges. Large shlp
"EoS rf ANGELI?| nU SMARY.-Condlt« f on,
favoratte for citrus rruU« and the crop Is
i^oklnff veil Wsmnt r'cklnsr begwn on fair
,io S Vrop. B*-an thrashing progress:
\^^m» ta wane l«c«lltle» exceed? expecta
tions. Irrigating water 1> Plentiful.
BASTKRTf MAnKET.«. *
New Vorlc Mwc.y Market.
X^W "YORK, Oct. 10,— Money on call firm
«t •«4«5% p*r cent: clorins; bid. 4U P* l ",** ll^
«S«^ 4Vs cent Time loans steadjr. 60
and 90 days, 6©5% c; six months, <$ p«r cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4*4 <g7 per cent.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual business
In bankers' bills at 54.5535#4.5540 for demand
and £t 54.819C@4 S2 for CO days. Posted rates.
$4 62%©4 83 and 54 Sfl®4 80%. Commercial
bills, $4 61%.
Bar ellver, 61% c.
Mexican dollar!. 47c
Government and railroad bonds steady.
Xht York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. lv. — There was some per
ceptible relaxation In the money market to
day and a resulting relief from the pressure
cf liquidation In the stock market which was
In evidence yesterday. At the same time the
I one or two incidents calculated to inspire the
I fpeculstlve spirit occurred. The result was a
I movement toward recovery in prices. There
I «rs« nothing like a revival of speculative ac
j tivlty. however, as shown by -the practical
] cutting' In half of the volume of transactions
compared with yesterday. Except In a few
closely held stock? the price movement was
narrow ana sluetish. The long prevalent ru
mors of a rae!on cutting for the Great North
ern stockholders developed In the decision to
issue $25.rK)0,0C0 of new stock, present stock
holders to be allowed to subscribe at par at
the extent of 20 per cent of their holdings.
Probably a thousand rumors have circulated
as to the outccmlng benefit to the stockholders
of this company, but none of them proved to
h.ive been entirely accurate. The announce
ment ceemed unexpected at Just this time,
aiid the price of the stock was rushed up over
four points during the first hour. In th« curb
market a quotation was established for the
subscription rights by sales at 35H to 37.
.The stock was also helped by the statement of
gross earnings reported for September, which
reached $4,D55,ti51. an Increase over the pre
vious year of $1,057.&56. The declaration of
the initial dividend on the common stock of
the United States Cast Iron Pipe Company
was an influence in a number of low-priced
industrial stocks. The call money rate yielded
rather decisively below 0 per cent to-day for
the first time since last week's flurry. At the
same Urns sentiment over the money outlook
was improved In London. This latter develop
ment reemed to be due largely to the report i
that the Hai.k of France had relinquished .
f0.000.u00 in gold to be shipped to Egypt, re- ,
lievlng by that much a requirement in the
London market. The continental exchange
also moved In favor of London, although dis
counts hardened both at Paris and Berlin and
rt-malned stationary in London. The price
of gold, however, was marked up in London.
The foreign exchange market here was firm
again In responce to the easier tone of the
money mark*;, but there was a general belief
that the relaxation In money Is due 4argely
to yesterday's liquidation of speculative ac
counts In BtockE. Re-deposlts on New* York
tax payments are a factor and liquidation in
cotton, also Is believed to have afforded relief
to the money market. The quiet tone of
money is felt to be dependent at present on I
the quietude of epeculatlon. The belief had
an eftect In restraining any acttTlty In the
stock market. The Government reports con
firmed the existing confidence tn the favorable
outcome cf the crops and helped the strong
undertone of stocks. Some attention was at
tracted by reports of the extent to which the
congestion of freight threatens to embarrass
grain and flour exporters here owing to their
large contracts for delivery on the other side
with engagement of freight room on eteam
ships «nd purchases In the West already made.
The day's extreme rise in stocks was not all
held »:ntil the closing o\rtng to the profit
taking movement In the last hour and the
closing tone was Irregular. Bonds were steady.
Total sales (par value). $2,235,000. United
States bonds were nil unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — \u25a0 Sales. High. Low. Close.
A dams Express »• \u25a0 240
Amalgam Copper.. 15,700 85^4 84% . S4T4
Am Car & Found.. 3,100 359» 3Sb 36-fi
Do pfd 89%
Amer <'otton Oir... 400 32 31% 3lhi
Do pfd ••• »2
Amer Express 100 222 222 222
Am Hide-Leath pfd 300 MVi 33»j 33%
Am Ice Securities. 200 27% 27% 27} t
Am Unseed Oil 18
Do pfd 40H
Am Locomotive 40,700 r>9?» 65% 69
Do pfd 1.900 114«* 113U 113
Am Smelt & Ref.. 10,300 129% 125% 120»4
Do pfd 400 121% 121V4 m>4
Am Sugar Rfng l,4«0 141% 141 141
Am Tob pfU cert.. 1,300 302% 102^ 10214
Anaconda M m Co.. 3<x> 11S14 117 V* 113.
Atchison 2.200 S!)>4 SS?i S'J
Do pfd 1,300 104% 104K 10H4
Atlcctie Coast Line feOO ltt-JVj 164 163U
Baltimore & Ohio.. 5.400 113 ft 112% 112%
Do pfd 00^!
Erklyn Rap Transit 4.&00 . 72U 71H \u25a0 71%
Canadian Pacific... 20,900 172% 170% 172%
Ccn of New Jersey. l,« 00 215% 212 213
Cent Leather CCO 44% 44>£ 44%
Do pfd 300 104 104 101
Chepapeake & Ohio. 1,400 57M, 5«% 67
Chicago & Alton 36
Do pfd 200 79H 75% 70%
Chicago Great West 200 2114 21% 21%
Chicago & N W... 400 220 219 21S
Chi, Mil &St Paul 10.500 187>i ISOH 180%
Chi Term & Trans 15
Do pfd 37%
C. C, C & St Louis. 60%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 800 ' 47V» 46% 4C?i
Colorado & South. 000 25% 28% 28%
Do Ist pfd .-••• 02%
Do 2d pfd 400 43% 43% 43%
Consolidate Gas.... 4.500 169% 167% 187 •
Corn Products..... 100 12% 12% 12%
Do pfd 200 53^4 63 52
Delaware & Hudson 1.600 219^4 216 218%
Del Lack & West 453
Deliver & Rio 0... 1,800 34% 33% 33V*
Do pfd i... 600 BS% SS 87%
DiKtlllers' Secur... 800 43% 43% 43Vi
Erie ..: 18,000 4!>U 48% 49
Do Ist pfd 300 81% 81 81%
Do 2d pfd ' 600 72% 72% -72%
General Electric ... 200 181 180% 180%
Hocking Valley • 81$
Illinois Central SCO 180«4 179% ISOV4
Internal Paper 2.800 22% 22 22%
Do pfd 200 IS% 17%- 18*
Internat Pump .... .... 26%
Do pfd .... 82
Jowa Central 200 28% 28% 28%
Do pM 58%
X C Southern 800 25% 25 • 25%
Dovfd 1.300 63% 6a 53%
Louis & Nach 6.600 153% 152% 153
Msnhattan L 1.700 167% 165%' 167
Metropolitan Secnr. 2.200 82 81% 81%
Metropolitan St Ry 6,100 127% 127 127
Mexican Central ...12,50t» 25% 25% 25%
Minn &St Louis... 200 74% 74% 73
SI St P & Sit Ste M 700 133 139 139 .
Do pfd 162%
Missouri Paclflo .. 2.300 101% 103% 104%
Mo Kani £ Teiu .... : 22%
Do pfd 200 «7% «7% «7%
National Lead 600 47% 47 \u25a0- . 4C%
Nat RR Cf Mcx pfd 200 37% 37% 37U
N V Central 7.500 150% 149»i I<»%
N V Ont & West.. OiJO R4% 53% Xl%
Norfolk & Western. 800 Sj% 85 \% 85%
Drt'pfd 90
North American ... 300 93 08 \u25a0 98
North Pacific ....> I.SOO 210 209% 20!»
Pacific Mall .... .... 45
Pennsylvania 15,600 144 « i 143% 143%
People's Gas ..... 700 103% 1C3% 103 Vi
Pitts CC&St L. ' .... 80
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 46% 46% 48
Do pfd •• • • 96%
Pullman PalaCe Car 1.600 253% 250% 230
Reading , <0.500 1229? 121 121%
Do Ist Pfd 200 03 03 92
Do 2d pfd ...... 300 98% -98% 08
Republic Steel .... 3,100 25 25 21«
Do pfd ......... 1.300 84% 83% «4(J
Rock Wand Co ... 4,600 83% 33U 33J4
Do pfd 100 79 79, 79%
Rubber Good* ...-. •••• 36%
El£2 Sheffield ".'.''. 'iOO 71% ii% Si^
6tLASF2dpfd. 900 (»i C 9 69
StLouUSW 400 .24 £3% 23%
Do Dfd • •• • • •*>
Southern Pac ....." 1.800 69%. 69% 60%
Do Dfd ......... • 119%
Southern Ry ...... *.000 36% 35% 3C%
Do pfd 100 09% 99% 89%
Tennessee C & 1.. 1.200 87% 87 67%
Texa« & Pacific .. 500 35 34%- 34%
Tol St L & West.. 100 37% 3i Vi 37
Do pfd 700 57% 67% 57«4
Union Paclflo SB.OOO 133 182% 182% •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER/ 11, 1905.
Do pfd ..... 200 96 »6 95%
U S Express l '120
U 3 Realty " ': \u25a0 .... 85
U S Rubber 2.200 53 62% \u25a0 52%
Do pfd 111 %
U S Steel 3,900 39%. 87% 37%
Do pfd 15.900 104% 104% 104%
Va Carolina Chem. .... :.-. 328
Do pfd ' .... .... 1C6 1 ,;
Wabash 1,500 21% 21 -21V*
- Do pfd 1,800 42% 41% 42&
Wells. Fargo Ex f .... 230
Westlnghouse Elec .... 167%
Western 67,900 93% 93% 93%
Wheeling: & L E 17
Wisconsin Cen .... 000 29% 2S 29%
Do pfd ,1.900 61 63 60%
Tctal shares , 501d.486,800 . .
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2» reg. .103% Japan 6s, 2d »tr: 97%
Do coupon 101% Japan 4%5, cert. «0%
Do 3s reg 103% Japan 4%5, 2d ser 90%
Do c0up0n..... 104% L& N -unified 4e.105%
Do new 4s reg.134% Man con gold 45.103%
Do coupon 134% Mcx Central 45... 81%
Do old 4s reg. lol% Do, let Ine 26%
Do coupon 104% Minn & St L 4s. 06%
Amer Tob 4s 77 M. X & Texas 45.102
Do Cs 113% Do 2ds- ........ 87
Ateh gen 4s .102% NR of Mcx con 4s 83%
Do adj 4s 99^4 NY C gen 3%5.. <J9%
Atlantic C L 45.101% N J C gen 6s 135
Bait & Ohio 43.103 Nor Pacific 45.... 105 •
Do 3%s 96' Do 3s ........ 77%
Central of Ga 55.11 C Nor & W con 45.101%
Do Ist lnc 95% O S'L refdg 45... 98%
Do 2d mc 81% Pa cony 3%5....104%
Chee& Ohio 4%5.105% Reading gen 45.. .102%
Chi& Alton 3%5. 82 SL& I M con 55.115Vl
C.B * Q new 45.101% St L S W con 4s. 8.1%
C.R I & Pac 4s. 83% S L A S F fg 4s. SOU
Do col 6s 93% Seaboard A L 4s. 90
C.C.C & SLgn 45.103% So Pacific 45.... 97%
Chi Term 4s ©jy Do let 4s, cert. 97%
Colo Midland 4s. 7^4 Tex & Pac 15t5.125
Colo & So 45... 96% So Railway 65... 121
Co!o Ind se, sr A 7.5% Tol.St L & W 4s. 84%
Do 6s, ser 8.. 73 Union Pacific 45. 105%
Cuba se, 0<Tt...105% Do cony 45.... 134%
Den & Rio G 4».l01% U S Steel 2d ss. 95%
Diet Securitlca 5s 80 Wabaeh lets 119
Erie prior lien 45.102^i Do deb B 73%
' Do gen 45.... 94% Western Md 45.. 83
F W & D C lsts.U3}i W & L Erie 45.. 90
Hock Val 4%5...1!2 Wls Central 45.. 85%
Japan Cs, cert... 97% \u25a0
»w York Mining: Stocks.
Adama Con 25 Little Chief 05
Alice f>6 Ontario ...• «0
Breece 30 Ophlr 6 25
Bruns Con 30 Pho«nlx ;.. 02
Com Tunnel 08 Potosl . . . .- .' 12
Con Va Mln Co. 1 20 Savage 48
Horn Silver 1 70 Sierra Nevada. ... 24
Iron Silver 3 C'o| Small Hopes 30
Leadville Con ... Os| Standard 175
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— I U S Steel". 37ft
Call loans 5%®6i Do pfd 104%
Time loans 5©6' Westing Common. 63
Bonds — \u25a0 Mmmg — ,
Atchison 4s 102% Adventure 8%
Do adj 4» 98 Allouez .......... 41%
Mcx Central 4s. 80% Amal Copper .... 85
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9%
Atchison 88% Atlantio 27%
Do pfd 104 Blngham I :U3%
Boston & Albany.2s7 Calumet & Hecla.6<«S
Boston & Maine.l7l Centennial 28%
Boaton Elev 159 Copper Range %.. 22 \u25a0
Fitchburg pfd... 142 Daly West 14%
Mcx Central .... 24% Franklin.. 18
N V, N H & H. 206% Granby —
Per- Marquette. .101 Islo Royale —
Union Pacific ..132% Mass Mining ... 9%
Miscellaneous — Michigan ' —
\u25a0 Amer Arg« Chem 23 V* Mohawk \u25a0 68
Do pfd 93 Mont Coal & Coke »%
Amer Pneu Tube- 6 Old Dominion ... 26
Amer Sugar ....141 Osceola 107»«
Do pfd 138 I Pqrrot 28%
Amer Tel & Tel.l3S%| Quincy 10.1
Amer Woolen ... 13% j Shannon 8%
Do pfd 102^4 Tamarack 125
Dom Iron & S.. 23 Trinity 9
Ed Elect 11ium. 240 United Copper ... S3
Gen Electric ....170 U S Mining 36%
Mass Electric ..14 US Oil 10
Do pfd 57 Utah 46%
Mass Gas 50% Victoria 7%
United Fruit ...106% Wlnona ;. 10
Un Shoe Mach... 79% Wolverine .......119
Do pfd 37% ,-.-\u25a0 ...
London Closing Stocks. •
Cons money. ..BB 9-16 X V Central 155
Do acct ....SS 13-16 Nor & Western.. 87%
Anaconda 6% Do pfd ". .. 95
Atchison 91% Ont & Western.. 65%
Do pfd ... 107% Pennsylvania «... 74
Bait £ Ohio lie 1-*1 -* Rand Mines 6%
Can Pacific 176% Reading : 62%
Chc-s & Ohio 58% Do Ist pfd 49
Chi Great Wcst..2l*;| .Do 2d pfd 50%
Chi Mil &6t P.lBO So Railway 37
D« Beei-s ....... 18 Do pfd 102%
Den & Rio G.... 85& So Pacific 71»*
Do pfd 91 Union Pacific .'..136%
Erie 50% Do pfd fift
Do Ist pfd 63 U S Steel 38%
Do 2d pfd 74%j Do Pfd 107%
111 Central 184%) Wabash 22
Louis & Nash...ir>7Vi, Do pfd 4i
M. X & Texas... 33% | Spanish 4a 93%
Bar silver — Steady; 28% d per ounce.: : .
Money — 2%Q3 per cent. \u25a0 : , \u25a0
\u25a0 The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills is 3% per cent and for thret
months* bills 3% per. cent.
Condition ot the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $132.31)2,84!*; gold coin and
bullion, $«>», 103,406: gold certificates, $50,
185.450.. '
N>vr York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Market is steady on
reports of frost for to-night over the belt and v
the crowd is buying cotton on the frost scare.
The Government report says:. "Over most of
tha cotton belt the weather conditions during
the greater part of the week ending October !)
were favorable for picking cotton. Rains in
terrupted picking, however, during the early
part of th« week. In portions of Texas, Ok
lahoma. Mississippi and Florida and in lo
cal areas in Louisiana and South Carolina.
The report indicateu that general condition of
cotton over most of the cotton area is but
slightly changed as compared with the previ
ous week. A slight deterioration Is shown In
Florida and portions of Central and Eastern
i districts where Insects have been very destruc
tive, the boll weevils being reported In In
creased , number In Texas. In Central Texas
and portions of .Oklahoma, Alabama, Georgia
and Florida open cotton was damaged by rain
which also-cnuse.d eprouting of bolls In por
tions of Mississippi and I/>ulslana. • ,
Cotton futures opened firm. October, 9.41 c;
November U.COc; December, '9.72 c; January,
0.81 c; March. 0.01 c: April. ».l»»c. bid; May,
10.C3c; Jurw, 10.00 c.bid;. bid; July, 10.00 c bid.
Cotton futures closed steady.' October. U.oDc;
November. O.«7o; December, 0.65 c; January,
9 95c- February. 10.01 c; March, 10.03 c; April,
10.12 c; May, 1U.17C.
Spot closed quiet. 20 points higher. Mid
dling uplands. 10.20 c; middling gulf, 10.45o;
eales. 552 bales. ; ''
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct.' 10. — FLOUR— Receipt*,
37,000 barrels; exports, .20,100 barrels; steady
and unchanged.
WHEAT — Receipts, 35.100 bushels; spot,.
et»ady; No. 2 red. 89Vfec elevator and 00%e
t. o. b afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, U2%c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Manitoba., 92% c
f. o. b. afloat. TJp to midday wheat acted
firmer and higher on bull support, unfavorable
Russian crop news and covering. >• It finally,
yielded to the bearish Government report and
closed net unchanged.. December,: 8» 13-lftsp
00 8-iec. closed DOttc; May, Ba?4sft>o 5-ltlc.
closed 00c. /-; ' '\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0
HOPS— Firm. , v
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady. .. .
. COFFEE — The market for coffee . futures
closed dull at a net decline of 5 and 10 poltna.
Total sales were 5200 bag*,. Including: Decem
ber, 7.15 c: January, 7.'»5c; May, 7.55 c; Sep
tember, 7.75@7.50c.
SPOT — Rio quiet: mild, quiet, t \u25a0 .
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 3 %c; molasses sugar, 2'^c.
Refined, quiet. ;
• BUTTER— Qaiet. Street price extra cream
ery., 21 %G-21%c ,
CHEESE — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged. '-.1
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Tha market shows
no change. Common to good are quoted at 5®
7c. and prime. 7%c. . •
PRUNES — Aie quiet and steady on spot,
although coast advices 'lndicate ' ratner an un
fcitikd and easier tone as to futures. Spot,
quotations range from 4>>2C.to J'/ic according
to rrade.
APRICOTS— Are quiet and unchanged. Choice
: are quoted at 'SVjSfc; .extra choice, l*%4f'J34c,
and fancy, 10©ll%c. . . : : ,
PEACHES — Remain nominal so far as the.
spot market Is concerned, whllo futures -are
steady, with offerings light. .. \u25a0 >\u25a0» ;
RAISINS^ — Are' I unchanged on spot. Loose
muscatels are quoted at 6%@7%c: seeded ml-,
sins, JJ'.iijSTsC, and Ix>ndon .layers," $1 10@l 20..
\u25a0 JfeWi York Slctnl Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— There was a- partial
rally In the London tin marKet,' with %pot clos
ing at £146 2s Od and futures at £145 7b, Cd.
Locally the '\u25a0\u25a0 market - remained " quiet and un
changed at $3175@32. • . " - \u25a0 "
Copper was lower In London." spot closing at
£71 10s and futures ; at" £70 6s. \u25a0 'Locally the
market \u25a0 wag quiet \u25a0 and' unchanged. Lake Is
quoted at $10 37%«?i1C 75; electrolytic. $10 37%
©10 67V4: casting.- $lO 12%@16 37%. ; '\u25a0:\u25a0.\u25a0 r
Lead was flrm*-at $4 85@1 05. Jn the local
market. In London it; was unchanged 'at £14
12s 6d. V.. , = - "-:,-i~" \u25a0'\u25a0 :\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:»<•\u25a0: '\u25a0' \u25a0 ;'; '- ':.'•
Spelter was Ulghcr at £r~ 17s 6d In London,
bnt was reported quiet at $«@<J 10 in the local
market. f - ' . - \u25a0-
Iron closed at 50s for standard • foundry and
51s 10 Vjd for Cleveland wthrrante in the foreign
markets. - Locally the : market., was reported
firm; No." 1 foundry, Northern,' is I quoted lat
517 75@18; No. 2 do $17 25QH7 50;' No. 1 do.
Southern, $16 75@17 75;' No. 2 do, 516 50®
517 25.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provision*.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10. — The wheSt market
opened with a slight . show of weakness. . De
cember was unchanged to a shade' lower at
85% c to Ss%@Ss?ic. The downward tendency
whb due mainly to the tallure of foreign grain
markets to respond to the advance here yes
terday. Weather in the American Northwest
was again-unfavorable for the movement of the
news crops, rains having fallen in many sec
tions. Receipts to-day at Minneapolis and
Duluth exhibited a considerable decrease* Bull
ish influences, however, were seemingly over
looked for a time.". -Moreover,.' the volume o.'
business' was somewhat restricted by. the" fact
that the Government crop report was to be
made public at noon. \ Meanwhile the I market
became a little firmer on- fair support from>a
prominent lon*, the Drice of '.the \ December
option advancing to 85 Is c. When the/offl
clal statistics regarding the 'spring wheat crop,
were given out the markot v/eakened dqcid**^
ly. 'December dropped to SsVi®Ss}4c as Ml re
sult. On the basia of the Government figures
estimating the total acreage at 17.U13.000, the
total' yield of spring wheat in the United States
for 1900 13 In the neighborhood of 258,911,000
bushels. On tha break the market was again
supported by the leading bull, assisted by nu
merous shorts. Buoyed by this demand the,
loss was virtually all regained. '.The market
closed about steady, . and unchanged, with .De
cember at 85% c.
Large yields and excellent condition of this
year's crop of corn as shown by the Govern
ment report' caused weakness in the corn mar
ket. December opened a shade to %c»/ t c
higher at 44 ; Ji4?44%c, i sold betwwn 449£©44T»c
and clOEed U4l'%c lower at 44% c.
The oats market was weakened by the Gov
ernment report. December opened %c higher
at 28&4 C, sold off to 28 fie and closed at the
bottom, figure, %c lower.
As a result of a" 5c decline in the price of
live hogs, sentiment In the provisions' market
was bearish. Trading was ver" quiet. •At the
close January pork ' was \u25a0 off 2%c; lard was
down 2%<ff6c, and ribs were 2%c lower.
The leading lutures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. . High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—. - \ ' • ."
December V 85%V 85% 85% £5% fes%
May 86« i 88ft 80%. BG&4
Corn No. 2—2 — \ .
October 51% 51% 61% ;51%
Dec. (old) 45% . 45T6 45% . -45%
Dec. (new) .... 44% 44% 44% 44%
May :.. 44% 44% 43* i 4^
Oats No. 2—2 —
October. 25%
December. 28% . 28% \u25a0 28Vi 28V*
May 80% 30% 30% SO%
Mess pork, per bbl —
October 15 25 15 25 15 20 15 25
January .. .12 37% 12 37% 12 35 12 35
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 7 10 7 12% 7 10 7 12%
November 7 15 7 17% 7 12% 7 17%
January 8 82% 6 £2% 080 6 82%
Short Ribe, per 100 lbs—
October 850 8 52% 850 8 5:f%
January 6 47% 660 645 . 645
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct ' 10. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour} steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
84%@S7c; No. 3. 7»SB4c; No. 2 red, S4Vi@64%c;
No. 2 corn, 03% c; No. 2 yellow, 55Hc; No.
2 oats, 2SJ/ic; No. 2 white, 29 » 4© 30c; No.
3 white, 27%®20c; No. 2 rj-e, GB%c; good
feeding barley. 36c; fair to choice malting,
40@46c; No. 1 flax seed. We; No. 1 North
western, 51 ; mess pork, per bbl, $15 20®
25: lard, per 100 lbs. $7 17%: . short ribs
sides (loose). $8 30@8 55; short clear sides
(boxed), $7 87%@S; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade. $12 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 39,400 18,300
Wheat, bu 86,600 32.C00
Corn, bu , 220,100 ; 240,100
Oats, bu 6t54,200 301,000
Rye, bu 10,500 '2,000
Barley, 'bu. 1. .243,600 7,300
Butter, Cheese, and Egc«.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creama. 17@20%c; dairy, ltf%®l9c Eggs,
steady; at mark, cases Included, 17%0;' firsts,
18% c; prime firsts, SO^jc; extras, 22% c
Cheese, steady; ll<gll%c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chlcneo.
CHICAGO Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11,
000;' steady;" beeves, 1 $3 6O@<3 35; cows and
heifers $1 40@3 40; stockers and feeders. $2 15
®4 20- Texans, $3 35@4 50; Westerns, $3 25Q
4 80.
HOGS — Receipts 20,000: market 5c lower;
mixed and butchers. $5 ofi®s 65; good heavy,
S5 SOsS^ 05: rough .$1 i«o®s 10; light. $5@5 50;
pigs. $4 75jj5 30; hulk of sales, $5 15®5 55. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 30,000; steady; sheep,
$3 75@5; lambs $4 Coig" «O.
Oiuuhii.
OMAHA. Oct. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 7800;
active and stronger: natKe steers, $3 80®5 80;
cfiws and heirern. $2 80<34 5W>; Western" steers,
$a®4 85; Texas bteera, $2- 75© 5; cows and heif
ers $2®3 50; canners. $1 Do@2 25; stocken
and fenders, $2 5004 20; calves, $3&3 50; bulls
and stags $2®3 55.
HOGS — Receipts, 4600: market 5c lower;
heavy $4 75(&5 10; mixed $4 USSS 10; light,
$5 10®i> 25; pigs, $4 60@5; bulk of sales. $4 90
@5 10. : .v >
SHEEP— Receipts. 5500: stronger; Westerns,
$4 8505 25; wethers. $4 40&4 85; ewes, $4®
4 65; lambs. $6 50& C l>o. \u0084
Ivuusus City.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 10.— CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 19.000; steady; native steers. $4<g*i;
native cows and heifers, ?l (Js@4 75; stockors
and feeders $2 50(54 25; bulls, $2(32 75; calves,
$2 60Q<» 25; Western steers. $2 75@4 50; West
err cows, $2@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts 11,000; weak to 5c lower;
bulk ot eale3. $553 12%; heavy, $r. Us@s 15;
packers, $5@5 15; pigs and light. $4 fHXQ)
5 12 Vq '
SHEEP — Receipts, 12,000; steady: muttons,
$4'ii."> 1.',; lambs *5 50(37 23; range wethers,
$4 50©5 15; fed ewes, $4®4 50.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Future*.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - Dec- March.
Opening 0 10U 0 9*
Closing « 10& «»
PARIS.
Wheat — ' Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 23 10 -JZ 7o
Closing 23 00 24 70
Flour —
Opening ......... '. . • 30 45 31 20
Closing , SO 40 3120
BoHton Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 10. — The wool market is quiet
and firm.-- The bulk oCtho trade Is coming from
the' woolon goods, manuracturere. Since the
close of the London -sales the market has stif
fened on the low grade wools. Territory wools
are notably stronger, wltn prlres practically
unchanged. Tho market tor pulled wools is
quiet, especially for Is euperlors. Foreign
grades are stronger. Territory quotations ful
low:'
Idaho— Fine, 22®24c; heavy fine. 19@21c; fln«
medium. 23®240; medium, 27@28c; low me
dium. 2SS2S>c.
"Wyoming— Fine. 22©23 c; heavy fine, 19®20c;
fine medium. 23@2Jc; medium, 27@2Sc; low me
dium, 2s@2t>c. „_ .
Utah and Xevada^-Fine. 23@24c: heavy fine,
19@20c; nne medium, 1!3®24c; medium, 27@23c;
low medium, 2H&'2Ve.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dlum'grades and clothing. 26©30V4c; light fine,
21&26 c; \u25a0 heavy fine, 18@22c; tub-washed,
32@42c. : :- ; :
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 10.— WHEAT— CIub, 71o;
bluestem, 74c; valley, 71@72c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 10.— WHEAT— lc higher.
Bluestem, 74c; club, 71c; red. «7c. \u25a0
Northern' BualneM.
PORTLAND, Oct. 10.— ClearingB, $948,77(J;
balances. SSO.SI3. •
SEATTLE, Oct. 10. — Clearings. $1,320,085;
balances. .$300,173.- \u25a0
SPOKANE, Oct.- 10.— Clearings, •\u25a0\u25a0 $020,313;
balances, $43,711. '- • '\u25a0/ - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' 5
TACOMA. Oct. 10. — Clearings, $589,042; bal
ances, $15,471. , ; \u25a0' \u25a0'_ \u25a0'
LOCAL. MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
' V LOCAL. ;\u25a0 '.
Sterling Exchance, sixty days.. — @4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight- — @-t S6 .
Sterling Exchange, cables • — <?4 87
New York Exchange, : sight . ... — £ji c 3 :
New York Exchange, telegraphic — a 05 •;
Silver, per ounce .. •- • 01»i@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal .. — fti 47 \t,
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paria ....'...'............ ..5.16%
New York on Mexico .....;... 202 ,\u25a0
Paris on. London ' \u25a0'• .23.1/ &
Berlin on London' ... ...'. :..'.'.*....'. ..".".' .^0..5^
Wheat ami Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — On the spot are nom
inal,', with no charters, at IS3 !»d, usual Euro
pean?* options. "The .chartered Wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 17,000. against
32,400 tons on the same date last year; . dis
engaged, 25,000 tons."- agalnsf 82,:J0O;,. on ' the
way to this port, 225,740 tons.V against 211)470.
> WHEAT — The Government monthly . report
shows a spring Wheat condition of 8» and the
yield 14.7 buahels per ' acre, |or only two bush
els per acre over last year, = when the crop was
badly hit : by . rust: Chicago - sold on : the f re
port,"- but . the : market showed ] little ] change.' j
In this market *, there was 'no. change .in tbe
cash ; grain, which .was steady and In fair de
mand, but : futures ; were lc lower In the fore
noon, recovering \u25a0 H-c : In . the afternoon,
.-rf \u25a0\u25a0 'CASH WHEAT. - "'.' ;;
California Club. : isl 40@l 45; .California
White Australian, $1 50#l 65; lower grades of
California Wheat. $115@1 30; - Northern Club,
spot, $1 4C@l 42}£- Northern Bluestem, $1 45@
1.47%;- Northern Red. $1 32&@1 35 per ctl,,-.
FUTURES. .'
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. 4
Open. "High. .'Low. Close.
December ...$1 39 $1 80 $1 3S - $1 3S •
. 2 p. m.' . Session.
' : ; Open. High. Low. Close.
December . ..$1 3Stf $1 3S# $1 38% $1 38%
May— Jl 40iJ bid. Jl. 41% asked.
» BARLEY— Light "receipts and the active
buying demand In the country kept the cash
Feed firm yesterday and there were sales at
$1 12%. Futures were- lc higher, as will be
seen. The whole situation In Barley Is a;rong.
but locally Brewing and Chevalier are dull.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 Qs@l 07% for common and $1 OS9i<B>
1 12% for good to choice; 'new Brewing. $1 13%
@1 15; Chevalier^ $1 12%@1 20 per ctl.
-S FUTURES."
\u25a0Vs^sslcn 9 to 11:30 a. m. ' \u25a0\u25a0
-y^ Open. - High. Low. Close.
Dumber ..'.sl 13 $1 13% $1 13 $113
-*^' . '-\u25a0' 2v* m. Session-
Open. Highi Low. Close.
Seller year..sl 11% $1 11% $1 11% $1 11%
December ... 1 KP' . 1 13% 1 13Vi 1 13%
May— sl H% bid. $1 10 asked.
OATS — The Government report indicates an
Oat crop ot about 939,3^2,000 bushels (300,586,
000 centals), or an average of 33.9 bushels par
acre, as compared with 32.1 bushels as finally
estimated in 19C4. 25.4 bushels in 1903 and a
: ten-y«ar average of 29.2 bushels. > The aver
age quality of Oats Is 92.4, asalnst 91.4 In
1904 and 79.9 in 1803.
There is a fair demand for feed and a better
demand .for seed. < The market is firm, but
prices are no • higher. . ..jlv'ij.v -„
Red. ?l 35&1 50 for choice, $1 2l@l 32% for
fair to good and $1 15©1 22% for common;
Black, ?1 50@l 75 for good to choice for seed
and down to 51 25 for ordinary feed; White,
51 Cs(gl 47%; Grays, - nominal.
CORN — The Government report gives the
condition \of Corn on October 1 at £9.2 as
compared with 53. 9 on October 1. 1&04. 80.8 at
the came date in 1903 and a tsn-year average
of 80.2. \u25a0• - , •
, The market shows no further change. Spot
stocks are almost too small to quote. Chicago
Btill offers new Corn at the equivalent of
51 27% • per ctl here.
Western sacked, »l 40@l 42% for Yellow,
$1 35@1 40 for White and $1 37%@1 42% for
Mixed; California large Yellow, nominal;
email round do, $1 6C@l C 5; VVhlte. nominal;
Egyptian, $1 40@l 50 for White and 51 850
1 40 for Brown. •
RYE — Is quiet and unchanged at $1 45©
1 52% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@2 25 per ctl.
Flour find Farinaceous Good*.
The local millers report a fair and Improv
ing demand for Mlllsturte. with prices showing
no change sinco the revision in Oat products
several days ago.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 SO©
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70S#-5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. \u25a0 .\u25a0 » • •." \u25a0 • ......
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 60; ' Rice
Flour, $S: Corn Meal, $2 75; extra Cream do,
f3 75- Oat Meal. $± 50ffi4 75; Oat Groats. $4 73;
iomlny. 7 $a 'iX&i: Buckwheat Flour. •?4 sin*
4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $» 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$7@B; in sacks, $U 50@7 50; Pearl Barley. |6;
fr;pht Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peae, $5 50 per
100 lbs. . «
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Bran, Middlings and Rolled Barley rulo very
firm at unchanged quotations. Hay continues
very firm owing to light arrivals,, due to th«
scarcity of cars, and sales of fancy Wheat up
to $17 50 are still reported. There were only
five cars of Hay in yesterday. Prl?es are
showing an unusually wide range at present.
BRAN— $23@24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ? 26 50@29 60 per ton.
SHORTS— S23®24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23 50024;
Cocoanut Cake at mill, $20 50; Jobbing.
$21; Cocoanut Meal at mill. $20 50; jobbing.
$21; Corn Meal, $30@30 50; Cracked Corn,
$30 5C@3l; Mixed Feed. $23@24; Horse
Beans $30@40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c
per ctl: Calfalfa Meal, carload lots, $21; Job
bing, $22 60 per ton; Meal fal fa, $18 In car lota
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY — Wheat. $11 50@lti 50; Wheat and Oat,
Jll@ls 50- Oat. $9@13 50; Barley and Oat, $89
12: Barley, $8® 11: Volunteer Wild Oat, $7#11;
stßble.- $C@B; stock, $5©7; Alfalfa, $6 5U@» 60
per ton. • •
STRAW— 3O®SOo per bale.
Bean* and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans were 13,424 sacks, making
25.517 In two days. These Urge receipts have
caused a quieter and weaker market. Price*
are again unsettled and . fluctuating, as will
be seen. •
BBANS^ — Bayos. $2 75@3: Pea. $3 25®
3 50- Butter, $3 50; small White, $3 10@3 40;
large White, ?I'S2 40; Pink, $1 75fe2 20:
Red, $3 Ss©4- Lima. here. $3 25@3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 50©3 75; Blackeyes, $I@4 25 per
ctl; Horse Beans, $1 50.«
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, ?4 50®4 75; Yellow.
Mustard $3 50&3 75; Flaxseed. nominal; Ca
nary 6'4@€%c: Alfalfa. 12c; Rape. 3c; Timo
thy, 5%c: Hemp. 3%c per lb: Millet, 2%Q3Kc;
Broom Corn Seed, $20<521 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nllcs, $1 75ig'J 25; Grten
Peas, $2Q2 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade In Potatoes was more active than for
some, little while back, but the demand was
confined almost entirely to fancy stock. It
being extremely difficult to effect sales of poor
offcringe. Sweets were closely cleaned up and
firmer. Onions were, firm and active at slightly
higher prices. Changes in miscellaneous vege
tables were slight. Summer Squash, Tomatoes
and Cucumbers were In Increased supply and
lower, while fresh string and Lima Beans
were firmer. The other vegetables stood as
previously quoted.
POTATOES — River Whites. -iO^CSc per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks, 85c<ajl 20 per ctl; Sweet Po
tatoes. $1 50 per ctl.
ONIONS — Yellow, «6®Boo per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. GS^c per lb;
String and Wax Beans, 3@4c per ' lb;
Lima Beans. 3<g3^»c per Ib; Tomatoes,
Uu^joOc per box; Summer Squash, 7r>®B3c
per box; Cucumbers 35@">0c per box-. Cabbage,
50c per ctl; Carrote. S(.!CJ6Oc per sack; Garlic,
s>,A@tic per lb; Ef" Plant, 40(&COc per box;
Green Peppers. 40@60c per box; Green Okra.
4«h&Csc per box: Green Corn, 7Bc@sl per sack
or crate; Marrowfat Squash. $7 50010 per ton:
Hubbard Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Poultry, were liberal,, but all
handlers reported the market In fair shape,
with good stock rapidly cleaning up. I Young
Chickens and large Hens led In point of de
mand and firmer prices ruled for the latter.
The car of Western stock that came In late on
the preceding day was marketed and cleaned
up quickly at 6teady prices. Some dressed
Turkeys came In from. Oregon and sold at VJ@
"•'c per pound. They Wfre rather poor.
POULTRY— -Livi- Turkeys. 2HJ23c per lb for
old and 2WiT>c for young; Gtcse. per pair. $2;
Goslings. $2 25©-' 50;- Ducks. $4 50(35 50 per
dozen Tor old and Slfifi for young; Hens. $4®
450 for small and $Wr7 for large: young
Roosters, $S(JK» 50; old Roosters. $1 5C@5;
Fryers, $3 50©4 : Broilers, $3@3 50; Plgeoni,
$1 25@1 50: Squabs. $202 25.
1 GAME — Hare, $1 50@l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits'. $2 per dozen; Brush- Rabbits,
$150 per dozen; Gray Geese, $3 Eo@4 per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eexs.
The Butter market has again advanced and
rule* firm at the higher prices. Cheese and
Eggs are also firm, though thtre Is no fur
ther advance In either. All three products are
cleaning up and the situation Is firmer all
around, though there Is no excitement, nor Is
there any particular activity.
Receipts were 35,1<H> lbs Butter, 586 cases
Eggs and 3100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTE/R — Creamery at first hands, 2*ft 1 29 c
for extras and 26027^0 for lower and medium
grades; dairy. 26<fr27c ; cold storage, 22£24 c,
latt<r figure for -extra creamery; store Butter,
21c: F.n»<tern, 24®24%c i*r lb.
CHEESE— Choice. 12^12%e; to good,
10<SlU£c: Young Americas, 12@13c; Eastern.
15#16c" per lb. •' •' .
EGGS— Ranch, 38«M0c for large white. 35®
3(!o for fair to good and 27Vj@30c for the lower
grades: cold storage. 2Ci?2Sc; store E?gs, nom
inal; Eastern firsts. ' 23®-2<Jc; seconds, 20@22c,
per doien. -:v-'-.v.~ 1
Ileciduotim and Citru* Fruits.
Trade In fresh fruits was stimulated con
siderably by the warm weather and the mar
ket generally was In good shape, with firm
prices ruling for nearly all descriptions. Fine
Cranberries were firmly . held at ,the , outside
rates while oft lots of Eastern we.ro being
offered freely at easy prices. Raspberries.
Strawberries and Blackberries were In mod
erate receipt and steady, notably the Long
worth variety of Strawberries. AppKs were.
In burdensome supply and weak, with handlers
trying to urge business by shading the quota
tions. AH other orchard fruits were ret»orc«*d
'steady to nYm. and Figs, which had ' previously
l.een "very weak, were hlghe- : Persimmons,
ex-recent arrivals, were Mn. fair request at.sl
per box j Melons were In good request and
steady lor gooi stock, but carrled-over lots of
Nutmrgß and Cantaloupes were difficult to dU
p<ytf of even at - round concessions. Table
Grapes were In comparatively light supply aim
firm, partc'.ularly the Seedless variety, re
ceipts of which were unusually light. Moot of.
the day's arrivals of large pickases came to
\u25a0hand ".very late. Wine Grapes were steady,
with fine stcck passing out of first hand i as
fast as It came In. Everything in the Citrus
line remained . steady, with trade moderately
active. Grape Fruit was closely cleaned up
and stocks of Oranges were light. Another
consignment of 40 boxes, of Intermediate crop
Navels came In from Southern ' California and
sold \u25a0- at $4©>4 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— Per chest— Lonsworths,
$C@7: lart-e varieties, $3 50@4 CO; Santa: Clara
Berries. $307. : \u25a0. : . .
\u25a0 KASPBICRKIES— Per chest. $sfi>7.
"BLACKBERRIES — Per chest. :?"©•!:
HUCKLEBERRIES— S@7c per lb. ;
1 CRANBERRIES— Cape- Cod.". $S@lo p*r
bbl • Orejren, $3??™ 25- per box.', , - ', : \u25a0
"APPLES — 83c©$l per box for 'fancy and li©
75c ;*or; common. to choice.
PEACHES— SmaII boxes, 75c@$l; carriers.
$ I@l 15. ...-..\u25a0•
HEARS— Bartlett. J2 60 per box: Win
ter Nellls,\sl©l 25 per box; other varieties,
40@75c per box. ..
PLUMS AND PRUNES— PIums, 60@75c per
box; Prunes. 51 60 per -crate.
POMEGRANATES— 60@75c for small and ?1
@>1 25 for large boxes.
FlGS— Small .boxes. 35® 50c; large boxes.
Csc@sl »
QUINCES— 6O@7Sc per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. . 51®2 per . crate:
Nutmeg Melons. 40@85c per box; Watermelons.
$203 per dozen. . \u25a0
GRAPES— SmaII packages — Seedless. 90c@
$125; Muscat, 50©S5c: Black, 35@«0c; Tokay.
SOS'SSc; Sweetwater. 40©60 c; Isabella. 51 25©
150: Oornlchon. . 75®90c; Large boxes-
Black 65c®$l; Tokay, 75c®51 25; Muscat,
51@l 50; Cornichon. $I@l 25; Wine Grapes,
Zinfandel, 524®?$ per ton: Mission. 513@22 per
ton: colored, 515@20 per ton. „
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges, Valenclas. 52#4 50 per box; Lemons.
$I@3 50; Grape Fruit. 52#3; Mexican Limes
54@4 50 per case; Bananas. Hawaiian. 511b
p«r bunch; Central American, nominal; Pine
apples, $233 per dozen. > :>/"- :
Dried Fruits, >'uts, Raisins and Uoney.
The market Is quiet at present, not btcause
of any diminution in the demand, but because
packers are so busy filling and shipping their
previous orders that they are unable to attend
to any new business. The tone of the market
Is as firm as ever. Nuts rule very steady.
Honey Is moving 1 off quietly at steady prices.
FRUlTS— Apricots 7U@loc for Royals and
8%(g12c for Moorparks; Peaches. Sc for stand
ards. B%c for choice." 8c for extra choice and
9%#10c for fancy: Pears. 7%®12%c; Nectar
ines, 7%@3%c for white and 7H@7»4c for Red;
: Plums, pitted 6@7c for Black. 7®»o for Red
and 7@9c for Yellow; Silver Prunes, 7©S%c;
Evaporated Apples. 7®B%c; sun-dried, • p«r
lb; Figs, boxes, 60c for choice; 55c for extra
I choice and 60@65c for fancy; bulk white. 2%@
4c per lb; black, 2%@3c.
PRUNES — Old crop, 3g3&c per lb basis for
the four sizes and 3&@3%c basis for the large
sizes. New crop Prunes, 3%'gl4c basis for the
four sizes (60-100) and 4@4Uc basis for the
large and small sizes.
RAI3INS— Loose, 4-crown. 6%c peT lb; 3
' crown. 6c; 2-crown, 6*ic. Seeded Raisins^ —
Fancy,- 18 ounces. BV*c; fancy. 12 ounces. .6%c;
choice. 16 ounces, Sc; choice, 12 ounces, C*ic;»
Imperial Clusters. 53 per 20-lb box; Dehesas.
52 00; fancy, ?2; J-crown London Layers,
51 50; 2-crown, 51 40; seedless standard loose
Muscatels, 4%c; same floated, 4%c: standard
seedless. Sultanas, sc; standard Thompsons,
6%c; bulk fancy. Sc: bulk choice. 7%c
NUTS — Almonds: Nonpareils. 14%@15c: I X
L. 13@13%c; Ne Plus Ultra. 12%@13c; Drakes,
li%o and Languedoc, 10%©llc: New Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell. 13c; No. £ 9c; No. 1 hardshell,
12% c; No. 2. -S%c- Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans, U©l3c; Cocoanuta. 5^ 50@5; Chest
nuts, 10@12%c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for white and 759 c
for amber; water white extracted, 6c; white.
4%@5%c: amber, 4®4%c; dark. : Hai
wailan. 2®2%c for extracted.
BEES\VAX— 27@29c per lb.
Provisions.
The local trade continue to quot« a quiet
and featureless market, with quotations un
changed.
CURED MEATS-^-Bacon, 12% c per lb for
heavy, 12%e for light medium. 13%©14 c for
light, 14@14Xic for extra light and lt»Vi@l7c
for sugar-cured; dxy Salt Side*. 10%@llc; Bel
lies, 12c; Eastern augar-cured Hams, 13%@
13% c; California Hams. 12% c; Mess Beef, $3 50
per bbl: extra Mess. $10; Family. $11; prime
Mess Pork, $14; extra clear, $19 60; Mesa.
$17 50; Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Uc per lb for
California Compound, 7@7%e for Eastern com
pound and 10c for pure: half barrels, pure,
lOlic; 10-lb tins, 10% c; 5-lb tins, 10 ; /3 c; 3-lb
tins. lie.
COTTOLENEv— One half barrel. 8»4c; thre«
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. 6c; two tierces,
7T»c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The situation in all descriptions under this
bead stands about the same. Hides are active
and firm everywhere. Hops are not active,
but some tale* are being made at. the estab
lished quotations. The condition of the East
ern and foreign markets appears In the first
column. Wool is meeting with more demand
as far as the northern clips are concerned, but
buyers are not touching tha southern Wools
to any extent. Th« feeling in the Wool mar
ket Is improved since the growers decided to
meet buyers.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lc under quotation*. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12% c; medium, 12c: light. ll%c;
Cow Hides, ll%c for heavy and ll%c for
light; Stags. B%c: Salted Kip, ll%c; Salted
Veal. 13c; Salted Calf. 13% c; dry Hides, 20c;
dry Kip, 17@18c; dry Calf. 22c: Sheepskins,
shearlings, 25(g«Oc each: short Wool. SOSVWc
each: medium 00c6$l 25; long Wool. $1 25&2;
Horso Hide?, salt. $3{?3 25; for large and $2 75
for medium. $2 25 for small and 50c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry. $2@2 25 for large and $1 75
fcr medium. $1 50 for email and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 31c:. dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 27c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: extra large do,
(1 25; large, 50@60c; medium. 33@4Ccr small.
25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4&®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3@3%c; Grease. 2®2%c.
WOOL— Fall clip — Northern free. 15®17e:
do. defective. 12@14c: Middle County, free, 13@
17c- do, defective, \2QUcz San Joaquln and
Southern, 10®i:ic; San Joaquln Lambs', 14®
16c; do. defective. 9<!?l2c per lb.
HOrS — 1904 crop, 12®14c; 1900 crop, 12^14c
per lb. "'\u25a0 . • .
Bloat Martlet.
There Is no particular change in the sltua
tlon, except that Veal Is* reported mere plen
tiful than ever. Mutton and Lamb irontlmw
In moderate supply all over the United States
and butchers say they will continue so all
winter, as the Sheep are being held back ior
the htgh-prlced wool. Beef and Pork are
steady, with the demand and supply about
.balancing.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow « :
BEEF— 4>i®sHc for Steers and 3»£®4Hc per
lb for Cows.
YEAL — Large. 5Q7c; small. 6@sc p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethersf SJi#Oe: Ewes. S©9c
per lb.
LAMB— IOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, "BSVjc -per lb.
IJVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40@
45 rcr cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. s}i@€%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 4ViU5c. \u25a0 \u25a0 ,
CALVES— 3Vi@4c per lb (sross weight).
SHEEP— Weihern. S!4@3» 4 c; Ewes. 3@3U<s
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75@3 per head. • \u25a0 s-\u0094
HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 to 250 lbs. 5%c;
over 250 lbs, 5J.4c; under 130 lba, s*ic;
Feeders, nominal: .Sown. 20 per cent of?; Boars.
50 per ctnt oft. and Stags. 40 per cent off Irom
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS? — Grain Bags, 7Uc spot and f.e for
buyer June-July, lOOti; Wool Hag', SOftfiSa:
email lots. :'.lij?34c: Fleece Twine, 7Vsc; Fruit
Bags. 6U©7c. *
' CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following new
price Hat. - .
FRUITS. • *f - M pS 5" *
2 •. if tx 3 :
? z ?3 ? :
. - ' * . \u25a0 • *
Apple* $2 Oo[sl 60|$l 40j$l 30 $1 CO
Apricots ..... 160 1 101 1 COI 80
Blackberries .' 1 60| 1 25 1 15, 1 00
Cherries (R. Ann) 4 00[ 3 00, 2 50 2 25
Cherries (Black).. 3 oO| 240 200 1 75
Grapes (W.Muscat) 200 1 30J 105 95 80
Nectarines 2 CO 1 50 1 30
Teaches (Yellow).. 24W 170 1 401 1 30l 00
Peaches (L. Cling) 250 2 Do| 1601 40 00
Peaches (do Bllced) 2 50 ITO 1 60
Peaches (W. II.) 1 83 1 60 ]
Peaches (do sliced) 2 50 1 85 1 60 1 40*...;.
Pears (Bartlett) 2 25 2 00^ 1 e3
Plums 125 ICO »O. 70
Plums (Damson) 1 C«> 90
Raspberries 3 CO 2 50i 2 25. 2 CO
Strawberrlea ...... 2 50 2 Co[ 1 75| 1 tU?|
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2H-lb
standards, SoSBsc;. gallon Ktandarda. $232 25;
3-lb eolid pack. 93c. Green Peas — Extra sifted.
$1 10; extra fine sifted. 11 23. ,-.
PACIFIC 'CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. \u25a0*%<:•.
cases, regular. s*ic; cases, extra large. «He:
Eastern etyle, H^c; '.'Norway." 7c; Anchor
Brand, 7@7Uc: "Narrow Gauge," 7%c; "Silver
King," 7%c; Golden State. 7>ic: UTilte Seal.!
o^c: blocks. "Oriental." 7c: blocks. "Sea
bright." 7Uc; Crown Brand. 7»ic; Pearl. 7*4 c;
fancy Boneless, DjgOVie; pickled Cod. bbls.
5S 50: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 73.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; N*ew Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 30; Bryant, S3 50:
Beaver Hill. $5.50 : Roslyn, $7: Coos Bay, $3 50:
Richmond. $Hf Cumberland. $1.1 In bulk and
Sl4 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke, $11 5001.1 per
ton In bulk and $13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 50 per short »on.
CORDAGE— The ' local - company quotes as
follows. (» days cr rer cent discount for
cash, no sales .under 10,000 lba; Manila. 15c;
Sisal.. 1094 c; Duplex. 9&c: Bale Rope, HOll^ic
per lb. . - :
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l2H©l.lUc for strict
ly prime washed: HU@l2 1 / 4 c for prlmewash
ed: IOHCHc for cood weshed; ll®ll«4c for
good to prime washed peaberry; lOVjSllc for
good to prime peaberry: 10@llc for good to
: prime: 9<jrfl*»c for fair; CH@S»ic for common
'\u25a0 to ordinary.
I;- Salvador-^-ll@l2^4c ' for prime, to strictly
prime washed: 10@lC?ic for good washed; 9®
f»?ic for fair washed: 'lo?i@llVic for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9i4'3104ic for good to
! prime semi-washed;: 09i@10c nominal for «v
; ]>erlor. unwashed; CVstftO^cfor green un
washed; lftSlOVlc for good! to superior un
washed peaberry: 6HSSttC-for common to or
dinary.. ':. .- '-.'•",•• \u25a0\u25a0 .' V. '.\u25a0 ••
\u25a0 Ecuador — Current unwashed. 9c nominal.
I" Nicaragua— ll© 12c for -prime washed; »'o@
10% c for fair to strictly good washed: 9li©
. \u25a0 \u25a0
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
75 HORSES 75
By order of H. P. SNOWBALL of Southern
Oregon we will sell 75 head of ALL-PURPOSQ
HORSES, weighing- Iron* 1000 to 1300 pounds,
and from 4 to & years old.
As Is our custom this sale will be absolute.
The horses are being shipped here to sell.
Ccme and buy them.
. SALE TAKES PLACE
THURSDAY. October 12, at 11 n. m.. at
J. B. HORA.VS SALESYAItD.
Corner Tenth and Bryant sts.. S. F.
Horses at yards Wednesday. October 11. \u25a0
HORD & SMITH. Auctioneers. 623 Clay st.
180- HORSES- IOD
AT AUCTION
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
220 Valencia Street.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 13. 1905, AT I P. 31.
Several fine saddle horses. 60 unbroke horses •
from 900 to 1250 lbs.
50 Lead broke horses from 1050 to 1600 lbs.
Seme of tha nnest horses ever brought to San
Franciscc. Also a carload of cteap horses at
low prices.
XO RESERVE OR LIMIT.
E. STEWART A CO.
ATTEA'TIOX, CATTLEMEN!
AUCTION SALE
From the prise winning- Humboldt herd of
registered Shorthorns, property of Messrs. B.
F. Rush and William Fierce. Sutsun, Cal..
comprising 00 head of yearlings, two and threw
year old bulls and heifers.
Sale takes place at Wlnotta Ranch, Suisun.
Cal..
THURSDAY. OCT. 19. 1905. Nt 12:00 M.
Conveyances meet all trains. Lunch will b«
served. For catalogues s«nd to FRED 11.
CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market St., San Francisco.
CaL
' CUSTOM-HOUSE. SAN FRANCISCO. Sept.
30. l'JCs.— NOTlCE— Certain goods remainlns
one- year tn bonded warehouse will be sold aB
public auction at the United States Appraiser*"
Store on the 23th of October. 1900. at 1">
o'clock a. m.
Descriptive catalogue can be had at tha
Custom-house on October 19, 1905, or at th»
time and place of sale. F. S. STRATTON.
Collector. '\u25a0 _*
jf% AUCTION SALE WEDNESDAY. Oct.
•^ 11, at 11 a. m.. Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. I will sell 40 good work horses, 3
driving horses. 1 road wagon. 1 phaeton and
wagon, single and double harness tor the same.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
9%c for good to superior unwashed; 10tJ10i4o
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 11%®130 for priir.-*
to strictly prime washed; 10»;«illt. 4 c for strict,
ly good washed; 10«'-®l0%c for good; washed:
t>ws»loc for fair washed; 9®oVic for medium;
OVj®S%c for common to ordinary; 10Vj4PU%c
for good to prime washed peaberry; IC@KH«o
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9%@100
for good to superior unwashed.
Hawaiian— l3® Uc for fancy: lt%Sl2c tor
, prime: Jo%©U!4c for good; 9%@loi,ie for
fair: 10%@12c for peaberry; 7®9c for low
trades.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20^Clc; extra
heavy, 31@33c per lb: medium. 25@300: light.
27®29c; Rough Leather. 255300; Harness
, Leather, heavy. Ss@37c for No. 1 and 335350
for No. 2; medium. 30<g37c; light. 29'©35 c;
eklrtlng-. No. 1, 40#42c; No. 2. 3U!S3Bc; Collar
Leather. 155316 c per foot; Trace Leather. 400
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40@5dc per lb; Veal, fin
ished. 50@tiOc per lb; Calf, finished, C3c<&st per
lb- Wax Sides 16«517c per foot: Belt Knifa
Splits, 14t?16c; Rough Splits, S®loc per lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $05(340 per ton; stick.
$IS®22 per cord.
OILS — Quotations ar« for barrels; for cases
add sc; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 liiQl 1U: LucoL 48c for
boiled and 4Rc for raw; China Nut. cases. 65®
78c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 580
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil 65c; natural Whale Oil, 60c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c :
Pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c: No. 1 Neatsfoct Oil.
57^c; Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil. 04c; boiled
Fish Oil. iJ5c; raw Fish Otl.v&c: Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. HETC.— Water Whit*
Coal Oil. Jn bulk, lie: Pearl Oil. In cases.
17% c: Astral. 17y a c; Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine 2B«; Eocene. lS^o; Stove Gaso
line, tn bulJt.*ls'4c: In cases. 22c; Motor Gaao-
Hne. In bulk. 15V»c; in cases. 22c; No. 1 En
; glne Distillate. Iron barrels or drums. 8c; No.
2 do. -6^.c; cases. 6%c more: Benzine, in bulic.
12V»c: casrs. lCv; Sb-degre« Gasollae, In bulk.
25c; In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE.— 93c per gallon in cases and
87c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAI>— Rod Lead. 7%®
B Vic per Ib; White Lead, 7%'S$ I ,ic. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER — $37 5C®33 per flask for
local us*.
SALT — Bales. 90c for common and $1 fof
granulated: Dairy. $5 50 per ton; Granulated.
$tVBC 50: Half Ground. 100-lo ba«:». $3 25; do.
50-lb bass. $3 75- Rock Salt. $2 75^3 in lU>
and $5 25 in CO-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
$11 50, $12 50 and $13 ZO per ton In packages
of 224. 110 and 50 lbs respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In lOt-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5o;
Powdered. 4.35 c: Candy Granulated, 4.55 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.75 c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
4 75c- Frul: Granulated, 4.75 c; Beet Granu
lated tICO-lb bags «.nly). 4.«53c: Confectioners'
A. 4.75 c; Magnolia A. 4.3ac; Extra C. 4.25 c;
Golden C. 4.13 c; "IV" 4.05 c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, -5c more: boxes. 50c more; 5»-ltt
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Halt
barrels 5.25 c: boxes. o-T.Cc; H. & E. Cryutat
Domino". 7.73 c per lb. No crier taken for less
than seventy-five barr«l» or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary s!»e». *15.@19; ex
tra sizes hightr: Redwood. $lO®C3; Lath. I.
feet. $3 75@4; Pfcketa, $22327; Shlnglea. $3
for No. 1: Shakes. ?14 for epllt and $15 fof
sawn; rustic. $2SS«^ ''*ur.*£jri
Receipt* of Produce, ,^'^t,-'-
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Flour, qr sks.. 2.C4CV Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls ... 3.3W, Hops, bates 870
Barley, ctla ... U.915| Wool, bales 201
Oats, ctla 403 j leather, roll* .. 72
Tallow, ctla ... 315{ Hides. No 6C3
Bean*, sks 12.-V.Mi Pelts. bdl« • 370
Potatoes, ska .. 4.363 Ume. bbls IS'J
Onions, nks l.ltiHi Powd«r, bbls .. 10
Bran, ska 733, Quicksilver, flsks 4H
Middlings ska.. CtiOl Raisins, bxa ... 250
Feed, sks 45! Brandy. . gala ... 300
Hay. tons 2CtS, Wine, gal* .....40.400
WASHINGTON.
\u25a0wneat, ctl. ...12.W0}
STOCK MARKET.
Mlnlns and Local Securities Qntet and
KeaturelesM.
Yesterday was another Quiet day on th»
Stock and Bond Exchange. Sales of bond.*
were small and the stocks were Inactive.
though the undercurrent was rather firm thaa
otherwise. Alaska Packers was higher at $til
and Telephone advanced to $104 bid. Giant
Powder was weak at $79 1». Makawell Sugar
was ex-dlvldend of 25c. Confidence was as-
There was nothing new In the mining stock-.
trading being moderate. Tonopah of Nevada
was exdlvldend of 23c. Confidence was as
iwesefi 25c.
Tbe following dividends were paid yesterday:
Monte Cristo Oil Company, regular monthly.,
lc per share, amounting to $r,ceo: Marin Coun
tj Water, regular quarterly. 75c per share,
amounting to $4500; Giant Powder Company,
regular monthly. 50c per share, amounting to
$10,000: Hutchlnson Sugar Company, regular
monthly, 12 '.ie per share, amounting , to $12.-
SCO: Paauhau Sugar Company, regular month
ly, 20c p* r share, amounting to $CO,COQ: Cali
fornia Wine Association, regular monthly, 420
per share amounting to $18,287 64; the Ameri
can Telephone and Telesrapn Company, a regu
lar quarterly dividend oi lVa per cent oa tha
capital stock: the International Banking Cor
portion, a dividend of 2 per cent from the nee
profits on the capital stock.
Tfce Bar.k of California ha* declared a quar
terly dividend of $4. The account of the an
nual meeting appears e!sewa«r«.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHAXCE.
TUESDAY, Oct. 10—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
B!d. A»k.j Bid. Ask.
4s qr c0up..104%U3% 4s qr cp nw.134 134J^
4s qr Y«sr...H>4*ilOSV3s qr coup.. .104U103!4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala. AWBa — — Ok T Con 55.111% —
Asto Oil 5s 03H — O W gia 3s. — W
Bay CPC Ps.IO7^IOSU Oceanic S 5s 62?* 68
Cal C G 59.107 — Om Cable 65.119 —
Cal G& E s ' ?*" Glm 4s 9.1 —
m&ct 3*JW^99 (P E Ry 3s.m*Ul2
Cal.st C Sa.limiV'Ul Pac L&P 58.101^ .— .-
CC Wat 53. - IWI {-P & C H Cs.lo2^ —
Ed LAP C3.12:l 12tt P& O R 65.1X0 —
P& C^H Ca 113 — I Powell-«t M.XU —
Geary- st ss.- 43 [Sac EG&R3s.IOO% —
Continued oa Pajje 13.
1314
TEXAN CITY
THE REFUGE
John Caffrey Finds the Pecu
lations of Once Trusted
Employe Will- Nearly Ag
gregate a Total of $20,000
MAKES FINAL CLEAN-UP
It Is Found Defaulter Stole
.$ll,OOO as a Finish and
That % Previous Loot Was
(iiven Track Commissioner
The peculations of Charles E. Meier,"
confidential bookkeeper for John Caf
frey. agent for the Pommery Sec cham
pagne, 21 Sutter street, will reach near
ly $20,000 instead of $&500, the eura
given out a few days after hie disap
pearance from this city. Meier has
been traced to Texas, and the police
have hopes that they may soon have
him in custody.
These two sensational facts in the
case of Meier, whose disappearance a
short time a.go and the subsequent dis
covery that he had "robbed his trust
ing employer surprised the business
world, came to light yesterday. It is
now eaid that Mr. Caffrey has been ap
prised of a further shortage of $11,000
charged against the man who violated
the trust placed In him. The discovery
of this further defalcation ha{3 been
made during the last few days, and
\u25a0was unexpected, even after the fact of
the stealing of $8500 had been estab
lished.
It is said that Meier has sent tele
grams to a friend in this city during
the,, last few days under the came of
"Moeller," giving instructions in cer
tain matters to be attended to before
he makes his way to the colony of
criminal from America in Honduras.
MAY GO FROM GALVESTOJT.
The police of this city have sent
telegrams giving the defaulter's de
scription and asking that he be ar
rested.
Owing to the yellow-fever quaran
tine against New Orleans, the steamers
that formerly ran from there to Hon
duras are now leaving from Galveston.
It is said to be Meier's intention, if he
has not already done this, to go to
Galveston and from there take pas
sage to Honduras. Telegrams have
been sent to the Texan seaport and aljso
to the Pinkerton detectives in Hon
duras. It is hoped that if Meier has
already left Galveston he may be taken
just as he enters Honduras, in that
small strip of country where the fugi
tives are still legitimate prey for the
offieem of the law.
It has been learned that Meier has
two confederates In this city who are
attending to his affairs, and to one of
these, it is alleged, have been sent the
telegrams signed "Moeller." The po
lice here believe that these two men
received some of the gold stolen by
Meser and that they have been in con
stant communication with him since
his flight and have aided in his move
ments. They may be arrested at any
time. <
MADE FIXAL CLEA3T-UP.
It is believed that the $11,000 short
age consists of stealings made just be
fore Meier fied. between the last two
collection days preceding his departure,
and most likely upon receipt of the
telegram from John Caffrey that he
vas soon to return from Europe, where
he had been for some time. It is also
believed that Meier had a large part
of this money \u25a0when he fled and that
It is now furnishing him the means of
traveling. The police believe that he
was bled of some of it by the two men
alluded to, as they had probably known
of his stealings for some time and
threatened exposure unless he supplied
them with funds.
It has been learned also that most
of the money derived from Meier's early
stealings was lost on the race track,
though he, like Gus Wldber, the de
faulting City Treasurer, did not him
self go tjear any track. He placed his
bets through agents. To Charles C.
Mclvor of this city, formerly a foot
racer and who gained notoriety through
his matrimonial experiences, he gave
the money to be placed, and Joseph W.
Van Praag, also known In San Fran
cisco, laid the bets at an Eastern track.
Meier never made any winnings and
his condition at the time Manager Caf
frey telegraphed he was about to re
turn was a desperate one. Then came
the final clean-up and the flight.
Van Praag is now In this city, having
arrived here recently. Mclvor lived
with Meier up to the time of his flight
In a flat on H/de street, rented and
furnished by the defaulter, who also
paid the expenses of maintaining the
establishment.
Dr. Decker, dentist. 606 Market: specialty
Colton Gu tor palnlee» extraction of teeth. •
PETITIONS IN INSOL.VENCT. — Petitions In
ir solvency were filed yesterday la the United
States District Court as follows: Harry U
Bntllman. clerk, San rrancUco, liabilities $SS6,
no assets; H. A. Mlchelsoa, clerk. Oakland,
liabilities *705. ao assets.
€ha;s- jit FFutn
NINTH AND MARKET STREETS
More Carpet Remnants
AH this week we are offering an immense accumulation
of Carpet ' Remnants and Carpet Samples at unusually low
prices.
All-Wool Injrralns and Three-Plra. in sufficient quantities to
carpet a fair sized room: regularly 51.00 and $1.10 -a
yard; now offered at. ..*. 60c a yard laid
AH-Wool Incnttn .Remnant*, one to ten yards in length:
figured and in plain colors \u25a0 .. .20c a yard
Plain Color WIKon Hnnnan(s7 one to *^er yards in length:
regularly $2.25 a yard"; now offered at.... 50c » yard
The following Carpet Samples make very suitable rugs:
109 naraplM of Roxbnry Jfc Stlnson Tapestries. .. .81.00 each
KOO naraples of Wilton Carpet* 91.00 each
200 wimple* of Wilton Borders 75c each
200 samples of Axmln»ter» , 75 C each
00 Ancrora Goat Skin Rue* (all sizes) regularly sold for
from $3.00 to $12.50; now offered at from. . . .fl.oo to $3.00
50 Imported Wilton Rucm (3 by 6 feet); regularly sold for
from $12.00 to $17.50; now offered at .$5.00
50 Imported Axmlnster Rukn (3 by 6 feet); regularly sold
for from $12.00 to $17.50; now offered at .......... ;.$3.00-
ESTABLISHED IX SAY FRANCISCO ISSO.
TWO FAMILIES FIGHT
BATTLE IN HALL.
Men, Women and Children Join in Mix-
Jjp Outside Judge Cabaniss] Court.
Judge T^readwell Is Caught Hn Wangle of
Combatants and Is Pummeled.
They call it the Battle of Judge
Trcadwell, but Its historic name is the
Battle of the Tribes. It was fought
on the second floor of the Hall of Jus
tice. The field of battle is still red and
reeking with gore. Judge Treadwell is
stll! applying soothing lotions to his
solar, plexus and various other parts
of his anatomy. Captain Charles Hem
pie of the scow schooner Verbena is
still trying to mold his nose back into
shape and Mrs. Hemple is trying to
ctfunt the auburn tresses that are miss
ing from her head. Even the tribe of
Grayv who came out victorious, still
bear scars of the fray.
The fabulous Donnybrook Fair was
an icecream social compared to the
Battle of Judge Treadwell while it
lasted. Men. women and children joined
in the fracas. Three bailiffs and two
policemen hovered on the edge of the
fray tugging at whomsoever they could
seize. Grays and Hemples struck right
and left at every face that seemed un
familiar.
Captain Hemple's nose bore the brunt
of the first charge of the Grays. In a
minute it looked as if a slxteen-inch
shell had struck it. Gore from the
shattered proboscis besprinkled the
other contestants, glvlng-the affray the
aspect of a real war.
It was when he saw through the
smoke of battle a kick land upon Mrs.
Hemple's person that the fighting blood
of Judge Treadwell was roused.
"Charge, Con Donahue, charge!"
shouted Treadwell. "OnT" Mike Walsh,
on to the rescue!"
With these words the mighty Tread
well charged Into the thickest of the
fray. And It was certainly the thick
est thing In the fray line that has been
pulled off for some time.
"Oof!" grunted the Judge a minute
later. A punch in the solar plexus tied
him into double bow knots. Another
wallop straightened him out again.
The gallant charge was repulsed. Baf
fled and wounded, Treadwell began to
retire in good order. A terrific punch
caught him on the back of the neck,
and his retreat became a panic.
i The battle began shortly before noon.
Mrs. Gray was just released on a
charge of disturbing the peace pre
ferred against her by Mrs. Hemple.
The Gray army marched out and took
up a strong position near Judge Con
lan's Courtroom. The Hemples deployed
and advanced In open order. As the
Hemples came up Mrs. Hemple fired a
remark at Mrs. Gray. Mrs. Gray rushed
forward and seized Mrs. Hemple by her
wealth of auburn locks. That was the
signal for a general engagement.
While the wives were rolling about
the floor in a duel to death or baldness
the husbands engaged. The first and
the largest quantity of blood was
drawn fcom Hemple's nose. He was a
veritable Niagara of gore as the com
bat waged. The Gray children and the
Hemple children did some fierce
guerrilla fighting while ; their parents
were exchanging blow for blow.
Allied forces, composed of bailiffs
and policemen, finally surrounded the
combatants. With the help of crow
bars they segregated the mixture of
Grays and Hemples.
The battle-stained veterans were
haled before ' Judge Cabaniss.iwho was
made a sort of Hague- tribunal.
First he gave them I a lecture, then
he imposed some punishments that
cooled their fighting ardor. Hemple
and Gray were each held on a charge
of disturbing the peace. Mrs. Gray was
fined $10 for contempt of court. Mrs.
Hemple was given a talking.to. -
The Hemples and the Grays live out
on Bernal Heights, where the goats run
wild and where the police appear only
once in, a while. There -has been a
feud on ' between the tribes for many
months. \u25a0
On September 29 Mrs. Gray accused
Mrs. Hemple of firing four. shots at her
and charged her with assault with a
deadly weapon. Mrs. Hemple was ac
quitted. Yesterday Mrs. Gray was
charged before Judge Cabaniss with
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, V/EDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1905.
disturbing the peace. This charge was
brought by Mrs. Hemple. Judge Ca
baniss released her on her own recog
nizance.
The trouble between the two families
started when one of. the Grays', goats
butted a Hemple goat. • One the same
evening the Hemple bulldog chewed an
ear from the Grays' fox-terrier. The
Gray chickens began to fight wjth the
Hemple fowls and soon the feud ex
tended to.the children of both families.
Then, of course, the parents took a
hand and the climax resulted in the
battle of Judge Treadwell.
In the open court yesterday Judge
Mogan advocated the whipping post for
husbands who beat and ill-ufle their
wives. The case of Arthur A. Powell,
charged with threats against life by
his wife, a meek and sickly little wom
an, roused his Honor's indignation
and he gave Powell a grilling that
made him crinsre.
"It Is unfortunate that there is no
adequate punishment for cowardly
brutes like you," thundered Judge Mo
gan. "We should have whipping posts
for such as you. •It doefl no good to
send men of your stamp to jail. What
you should get is twenty lashes twice
a week. I would take a pleasure in
prescribing that for you If I could. 1
will draft a bill myself to go before
the next Legislature for the establish
ment of whipping postfl."
Mrs. Powell declares that her hus
band spent the, last cent, they had In
the bank to buy a pistol to frighten
her with. She says that he has ill
used and starved herself - and her
twelve-year-old daughter. V
In order to make sure that Powell
would be held Judge Mogan fixed his
bail at 55000. His Honor declared that
Powell would get the limit sentence.
* \u25a0m . * *
) The name of Mrs. J. dela Montanya
figured In Judge Mogan's court yes
terday during the trial of John Curry,
who has charge of the De la Montanya
stables.- Curry Is accused of beating
J. D. Mouser, an insurance man at 316
Twelfth avenue, because of a slight of
fered to Mrs. de la Montanya, The
lady henself may be called- as a wit
ness when the trial is resumed next
Thursday.
Mouser took the stand yesterday and
declared that one night last month he
ordered Mrs. de la Montanya to leave
his home. When she . demanded the
reason he says he replied: "Go ask Jack
Curry."
Mouser . alleges •'that.- on the next
morning as he was leaving his home
Curry assailed him with a loaded stick
and beat him^unrhercifully because he
refused to apologize to Mrs. de la Mon
tanya.
Private Lawrence Williams, Troop D,
Third Cavalry, charged the Rue de Pa
cific single handed on Monday night.
With an array revolver he plunged into
the revelry of a dance hall on the Ave
nue of Alcoholic Joy, shooting right and
left. •
He did some fine shooting until Police
man Skaln arrived. Williams made a
record of two imitation tortoise shell
combs, three- incandescent lights and a
mirror. Judge Mogan will . quench the
warrior's ardor on Friday, the 13th.
Whether or not Private Williams is su
perstitious that date will certainly be un
lucky for him.
Ah Sing was fingering a big - bunch .of
lottery tickets near the corner of Second
and .Mission streets when Policeman
Crowley hove in sight. In a flash the
tickets were .up .Ah Sing's capacious
Bleeve. When ; the i Chinaman was
seached the lottery tickets had disap
peared. Whether they vanished into the
air or were carried away and hidden by
trained fleas which the .crafty Ah Sing
carried about with him for the purpose
cannot be determined.
Some lottery lists were found on the
Asiatic. A Chinese Interpreter declared
that they were Japanese and the Jap in
terpreter insisted - that the writing- was
Chinese. Judge Mogan continued the
case until a half-breed interpreter can
be secured. -
The case of Harry Gilbert, accused ' of
fraudulent registration, was heard in
Judge - Fritz's Court Gilbert declared
that a man named Paul sent him to the
Registration Office with a slip upon which
was written ."Register this man.'V. Gil
bert Is being prosecuted ! by Perry- New
berry of the Republican League. The
hearing will be resumed to-day. -^
WITZEMAXN'S ESTATE
IS OF LARGE VALUE
Brother Places Its Worth nt $100,000.
Mary A. Cnntrell Remem
bers Children- \
Xlcholaf F. P. -Wltzemanr. applied yester
day for letters of. administration upon the
$100,OCC estate of his brother,' the late Henry
William Witiemann * In the petition it 13 stat- /
ed that .decedent's ; only i heirs •at ;law are. his
mother, . twoj sisters and the petitioner.
, E.dwin j B Cantre'.l of 1210 Larkin j stj-eet has
filed : the • will of his late' wife. Mary* A.-Cant
rell.-. for probate.: ; In her will - Mrs. Cantrell
devises the residue of her. $13,000 estate to her
son and three daughters, \ epeciflc. bequests :of
$300 each-being mad* to a cousin and a sister.
In . the will Mrs/ Cantrell stated ahat t she \u25a0 had
saved her estate out of sums of money given to
her by her -husband -and that as he was Inde
pendently wealthy, she \u25a0 would leave her prop
erty to her. children. --•.;•- \u25a0-.;\u25a0\u25a0• ..
• CANNOT RECOVER TAXES.— The Supreme
Court decided ; yesterday t that . Oliver ' J.- Olson
could not recover >284 05 paid In taxes : on s the
schooner named after himself. He claimed the
tax should be paid • in" the I State; of .Washing
ton,* but ¥ the si court, holds 'that '"the Assessor
rightly construed San Francisco to be" the -home
— — \u2666 ;..\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0 . • ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0. \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
STORY SMACKS
OF BLACKMAIL
Henriette Reush Places Man
She Accuses of Betraying
Her in Serious Position
DETAILS -CONVERSATION
Declares That Her Testimony
Given at First Trial of
the Case Was the Truth
Henrietta Reush, the young girl, who is
the complaining witness against Bennett
Millar on a. charge of criminal assault,
for the third time changed her testimony
at the trial before a Jury In Judge
Cook's court yesterday, declaring that
the story she told at the first trial impli
cating the ' defendant was true.
She asserted she was induced by Miss
Jennie Johnston, a laundress, to meet the
defendant in* Miss Johnson's room, at; 415
Mason street, after the first trial, when
the story she told on Tuesday of last
week at the second trial of the case was
concocted. That story was to the effect
that the defendant was innocent and that
a boy named Leopold, who used to work
for her father at 321^ Ellis street, was
her betrayer. She asserted at that, time
that_ her mother had told her in a dream
to speak the truth and that no one had
influenced her to change her testimony.
She was ordered Into the custody of the
Sheriff pending the laying of an informa
tion charging her with perjury or plac
ing the matter before the Grand Jury.
When the case was called yesterday the
girl took the witness stand and testified
that the defendant, who has a tailor shop
in the same building as her father's
laundry, was her betrayer. She then re
lated the following circumstances that
led her to tell a different story last week:
I had a conversation with Miss Jennie John
ston on Monday, September 25. She started it
by asking me to come to her room to meet
Millar. She asked me. Hadn't I any pity lor
Millar's wife and three children, and couldn't
I forgive him? She asked me to make a date
to meet Millar. I could tell my father that I
waa going to the theater with her. I agreed to
meet Millar at Mlbs Johnston's room the fol
lowing evening. I met Millar there, and he
said to me: '.'Haven't you any pity for me?
look at my poor wife, worrying herself to
death night and day about my being in this
position "
I told him I did not want to get myself Into
any trouble, and he said: "I will tell you
what to say. 'Just cay a boy did It, and they
can't force you to give hlo name. They will
try to scare you by threatening to send you to
Jail, but they won't do It." I said that I
would have pity upon him, but didn't want to
get Into trouble, and he said It would be all
right and he would do anything In the world
fop mi. "I don't have any money for my
self." he said, "but you go with Mr. Black,
my attorney, to Mr. Brilliant and say that his
son was In trouble for betraying you, and If
Brilliant would give you $6000 the boy would
get out of " the trouble." ;He said that Mr.
Black would get $2500 and I would get the
other $2500. • I saw the defendant again on
Monday, October 2. the day prior to making
my statement In court.
She then related the facts of her be
trayal by the defendant and the Judge
said he would postpone her cross-exam
ination till Friday to give Attorney Black
an opportunity of doing so, as he was
unable to be present yesterday.
Mrs. Anna Colas, Piedmont, was called
and testified that the girl had told her on
September 29 of the conversation she had
with Millar in Miss Johnston's room and
that Millar was to give her $2500 for get
ting him out of the trouble for the sake
of his children. She had known the girl
since she was born, in January, 1891.
A. 'Reush, the girl's father, testified as
to her age and Dr. Mark Neuman as to
her condition in June last. \
Miss Johnston was placed under arrest
by Detective Wren and she was brought
from the City Prison to testify that she
Vas in "the employment of the girl's
father at the time of the alleged as
sault. She will be detained pending the
developments on Friday.
Dr. Ryfkogel and Dr. Benepe have
moved their offices to the St. Paul
building, 293 Geary street,' Telephone
Main 3695. *
MOTHER APPEALS FOR
AID OF LITTLE ONES
Mrs. Mary E. Dye Accuses
Divorced Husband of
Heartlessiiess.
With two little children clinging to
her gown, Mrs. Mary R. Dye of 3265
Twenty-first street- entered Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday to plead her own
petition for maintenance for herself
and her little ones at the hands of her
divorced: husband, Marcus Dye, a pros
perous contractor and builder. The
story she told was unusual. At its con
clusion Judge Graham was fully con
vinced of the justice of her appeal and
he cited Dye to appear next Friday to
show cause why he should not pay $75
forthwith and make further provision
for the permanent support of . his off
spring.
"Six days after the decree of divorce
separating me from my former hus
band was finally entered,"- said Mrs.
Dye, "my husband married Miss Violet
Styles, who was at one time employed
by me in our household. When he
wedded this young? woman my two lit
tle ones were 111 and of course I was
unable to leave them to earn sufficient
money to buy them medicines and pro
cure for them that care! they .should
have had. I;' was practically without
food, and notwithstanding our great
need Mr. ; Dye wedded this girl, and
while they drank champagne we Buf
fered from hunger. When we were
vorced the court ordered, him to'pay me
$25 a month for the Bupport of the little
ones. , He obeyed- the order for ten
months, but after that -he refused^ to
contribute toward our support. Though
he knows we are In need his heart has
not softened and only the court can
compel him to" obey."
.Turning "to" his clerk, Judge Graham
ordered that the directing Dye
to appear on Friday be issued forth
with. "And," : said Judge Graham,
"make; sure' that service - is properly
made. This is a case that demands im
mediate attention." \u25a0\u25a0/.'\u25a0 :.'.t'.- .: - '\u25a0'-' «£-i
Lectures on French History.
Beginning November 7, ithe Rev.
; Woods, S. , J.V vrill ' deliver a ; course of lectures
on French History at Wheeler's Auditorium,
1215 -Butter, street, under 'the auspices of/the
St. -Ignatius Training Association. The topics
are: Nov. 7. "The' Return •of : the Lilies":
November 14, "183 iV ;\u25a0:\u25a0 , November- 21, .-\u25a0 "The
Bourgeois King": November 2S. "1S48";- De
cember 3. "The Empire in Building": December
12 "The Wreck of the Empire." The lectures
will begin at 4 o'clock. .Tickets for the : course
will be ?5. , Single. tickets, :sl.' They- may; d*
hnd from, ihe officers -and managers of, the
association, alrc at 214, ; Hayes street.
."Every /success 'admits of being. out
done" .The biases t store in anyjineln
this "city hn.s. not arrived-— yet. -'It Is on
the'.wuy — it may be: here. this time next
year— it Is almost' entirely a matter of
advertising..: ,
FORTY EXPENSIVE SMOKES.— Frederick
Albrecht was > arrested by .-United ' States ; Mar
shal J Shine .'yesterday on ? complaint ' of : Special
Internal .. Revenue : Agent Bert .'iM;' Thomas.
.The " complaint charges that Albrecht - removed
forty « : cigars '; from ; his factory/ without./ having
stamped the \u25a0: same.';-.'.' -:•\u25a0.;.-' .i.ij! : .',l-'-
.-,« Bnriiett'n "-Extract : of .Vanilla -'to'; the
standard; every where. ' Sold by 'beat eroccra.'* •
SEEKS OCEAN
FOR SURCEASE
Mrs; Justinia Diicruet, Tired
of Life at the Age of 83,
Attempts to End All
EESCUED BY SOLDIERS
Octogenarian Tires of Her
Existence and Begs Her
Rescuers to Let Her Die
Mrs. Jußtlnia: Ducruet, a widow 83
years old, attempted to commit suicide
about 7:30 o'clock last night by jump
ing into the surf from the Olympic pier
at the Oce.an Beach. Her rash act was
observed by three soldiers, who rushed
into the waves and dragged the unfor
tunate woman to safety. Mrs. Ducruet
was taken to th^a Park Hospital by Po
liceman Greggians, where she was re
vived by Dr. ; Charles'. Pinkham. Th«
surgeon says she will-recover.
Mrs. Ducruet lives with her son The
odore at 123 Leroy place. He Is an up
holsterer, doing business at 515 Bush
street. •' Yesterday afternoon while her
son was; at work she took a car
for the beach, aftes having meditated
and decided on the suicide course.
Alone she wended her way along the
sands." It was ; near dark as the feeble
woman slowly climbed the ironwork of
the Olympic pier.. Three soldiers stroll-
Ing along the beach saw her • walk
along the rude wharf with tottering
step and they wondered what was her
purpose. They arrested their walk and
stood watching her. Unmindful that
she was observed. Mrs. Ducruet crept
cautiously, along the precarious tim
bers. When - she believed she - had
reached water deep enough to drown in
she paused,' threw her wrinkled hands
up toward heaven and Jumped. She did
not utter a cry, .but the soldiers say
they heard a mufHed supplication, then
the splash.
When she was dragged from the
heavy undertow Mrs. Ducruet implored
her rescuers to let her die. She said
she wag old and sickly, of no more use
to any one and did not care to live.
DAVIS , OBJECTS TO
* GIFTS TO CHARITY
Tells Relatives Not to Give Array
the Money He Sent
\u25a0 to Them. -
It was demonstrated yesterday In th« hear
ing of the contest to the . codicil of the will
of the late Samuel Davis before Judge Kerri
gan that the deceased millionaire demanded
from his relatives an observance of the same
thrift that enabled him to amass his great
fortune. This . fact was brought to light by
Mrs. Mary G. Stone, who was on the witness
stand identifying various letters written to her
by Davis and by her to him.
Mrs. Stone, while a resident of Churchill,
New York, cared for Davis' sister, Jane, at
that time Incompetent, and to Mrs. Stone Da
vis sent funds for the care of hia sister. In
many . letters, however, Davis was apprehen
sive lest a portion of the money sent for the
care of this sister should be given away to
the church or its ministers and he frequently
warned . the beneficiaries of his generosity
against making such gifts. In answer to one
of these letters, Mrs. Stone said:
'.'lt shall be as you wish. I will not give
any money away unless you request It. I do
not think that aunt could be flattered Into
giving at present. She does not ask for more
than is necessary. I do not put money of any
amount in her pocket book, only a - dollar or
two at a time, for she is so sure to forget what
she does with It. I have never given any
money away, only what I'have written to you
about. . I had no right to."
In one of her letters to Davis Mrs. Stone
spelled the word "habit" with two bs. Pills
bury, chief counsel for the proponents of the
codicil, pointed to this error in orthography as
an indication that any one is liable to misspell
a word, the spelling of the- word "ni-ece" In
the codicil, differing from Davis' usual way.^
being seized upon by the contestants aa a
strong • indication of the correctness of their
contention that the codicil Is not genuine.
Theodore' Kytka, • handwriting expert, was
called tp the stand at the opening of the aft
ernoon session. It Is expected that he will
occupy several days pointing out what he con
tends are evidences that the contested codicil
Is a forgery, as charged by the contestants.
REPORT ON PRIVATE BANKS.— Th«s Bank
Commissioner reported yesterday on the con
dition of the State's private banks. These
institutions have aggregate resources of
$4,365,565 71 and total deposits of $2,644,182 63.
A license was issued to the Mendoclno Bank
of Commerce, . which will begin business at
Mendoclno Immediately on a $25,000 capital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Saleswomen's Peril
GRAVE DISEASES, DUE TO STANDINB
Facts About Miss, Merkley's Dangerous
\u25a0 Illness and Complete Cure
Have you ever, thought why so many
women or girls rather walk an hour
than stand still for ten minutes?
. yjMtffAfargr'etAferkley I
It is because most women suffer from
some derangement of their delicate
organism, the discomfort of which is
less trying when they, are in motion
than when standing..
In some states laws compel employers
to provide resting places for their fe-
male employees. \u25a0 ; \u25a0 .;
But no amount of law can regulate
the hard tasks of these women. They
must get the strength which this work
demands or 'run; the risk of serious
diseases and the surgeon's knife.
Read about the experience of Miss
Margret Merkley, 275 3d Street, Mil-
waukee, Wis.:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— • f
\u25a0\u25a0 " Gradual loss of strength, \u25a0 nervousness,
bearinjr-down 3 pains and extreme irritation
compellod me to seek medicial advice.*: The
doctor said I j had ovarian trouble and ulcer-
ation of the womb, and advised an operation
if I wanted to get well.*- - 1 objected to this
and decided to give Lydia E.- Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound a trial. I soon found that 1
all : . the good things said about .this great .
medicine » were true. * - The ulceration soon ;
healed, backache,: headache and nervousness \u25a0
disappeared, ; and ro in , a- short time . I • was \u25a0
strong, vigorous \ and perfectly ',-well. * I wiah
every .working girl , who ; suffers would try
Lydia ? E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound."
Lydia E: Pinkham's Vegetable Com-;
pound is a vegetable tonic 'which invig--
orates \ and ; strengthens .the entire \u25a0 fe-
male organism, Vandi will .produce 'the ;
same Vbeneficialj results " t in the : case of ,
any sick womaji as with Miss Merkley.
.\u25a0- "' '\u0084.•: • -\u25a0\u25a0— •.\u25a0•\u25a0- \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-.*
I m li \
5S O'CONNOR, MOFFATT 6: CO. li
H ™ Hj
H ' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • .:>?\u25a0 \
| Manufacturers' \j j
ill T. <r\Pin . ' 
Si|! \u25a0 ./ JL^IIICI! t*-Jaiiiuico i^r
if! , p
$l§ We have a number of manufacturers' samples |||
|H .of damask tablecloths that will be offered at spe- -v|
HI cial prices. They have finished border and come j^
H| in different new designs. Excellent quality. |*
Sizes 2, 2,y* and 3 yards long. Prices |£
H .$2.10, $2.60 end $3.40 J
*M TABLE LINEN— Fine heavy quality damask, full two M
$M yards wide; wide range of handsome patterns. Price. $*.
' If - a yard \u0084, ;. *1.00 ffi
l '% . ~~ • % .
JH DAMASK CLOTHS— Splendid quality satin damask f$
||£ with finished border; 2 yards wide. 2.Vi yards Ions; 0% £»
$% ten new and beautiful designs. Price $3.30
gj ~~~ M
;%& NAPKINS — Special malce of good quality, pure linen »^;
§s^ Dinner Napkins; full size and large variety of pat- :ss:
. p! terns. A dozen $3.00 J||
f| ROUND CLOTHS— Fine selection of round pattern ?||
$H Damask Table Cloths— entirely new and exclusive $$
!£$ designs; sizes 2, 2j<J and 2j£ yards. Prices '$&
si ?5.00 to $10.00 |s
[\u25a0p£ TOWELS — Large and medium sizes, in full bleached, !§&£
HI so^ t l» ncn Huck Towels, hemstitched and hemmed; jf=£;
%j%* with red, white or blue borders. Dozen $3.00 |r|:
§§ Z [?. ; H
|| TURKISH TOWELS— Heavy quality, double thread Si
'$$\u25a0 and large size; bleached, hemmed bath Towels. A pf
H| \u25a0 dozen .........: $3.00> ||
s^ PILLOW COVERS— The new pillow covers- are |&
g|| made of sheer white embroidered lawn with ruffles; l^i
i}"^ sizes 20, 22 and 24 inches square. Prices $£
0 $1.25, $1.65 and $2.25 §|
«?tf »- ". '" ass
\u25a0 ~ ~~ \u25a0
I @%B*?*u>U Jjli
|fe otAßus^ %^ '^£j&-^ Sir
|£ 1H to 121 Post ' Street 111 1
|j |f Send for our Fall and Winter Catalogue. f|! 3
i 1i 1 i| Ready This Week t\ ' Hi
MUST ACCEPT
$6000 SALARY
Members of District Court
of Appeal Are rDefeated
in Fight for Better Pay
The 'Justices of the District Court of
Appeal will have to content them
selves with salaries of $6000 a year
each for the next two years. The Su
preme Court has issued its fiat to that
effect and a $2000 partition of coolness
has been erected between the two
tribunals on the top floor of the Par
rott building, where hitherto existed
only bonds of friendship. The nine
District Justices collaborated in mak
ing out a case for themselves against
the State, but the higher court has
turned them down.
The action was a petition for a writ
of mandate to, compel Controller Col
gan to pay the recently appointed
Jurists at the rate of $8000 annually.
The =\u25a0: amendment ratified by the last
Legislature provided for the appoint
ment of nine Justices at a salary to
be the same as that paid the Justices
of the Supreme Court. At the time of
ratification the Justices of the Supreme
Court were receiving 1 salaries on thfl
basis of $6000 a year. The Legislature
provided that these officials should re
ceive salaries of $3000 a year.
A constitutional provision make* It
Impossible to increase the salary of
an incumbent official, so the remunera
tion must remain the same until new
Justices are elected or the present Jus
tices are re-elected. The District Jus
tices claimed that really the salary of
a Supreme Court Justice was $8000 and
that therefore theirs should be the
same.
The Supreme Court says the mem
bers of the Inferior tribunal may begin
on the $8000 a year salary In 1907 If
re-elected to office, but not until then.
Incidentally the opinion states that the
people will be requested to vote on a
constitutional amendment at .the next
State election providing for an Imme
diate increase In the salaries of Justices
of the Supreme Court. '
Former Deputy Wright on Trial.
George A. Wright, formerly chief deputy la
tha of flee of United States Internal Revemjs
Collector John C Lynch, was placed on trial
before a ' Jury yesterday In the United State*
District Court on a charge of embezzling $4101
from the United States. United States Dis
trict Attorney Robert T. Devlin and Assistant
United States District Attorney A. L. Black
are prosecuting - the case. ' Bert Schleslnger
and. Samuel M. Shortridge are the' attorneys
for . the defendant, f M. B. Harris, attorney of
Fresno: Frank B. Hoyt. >a customs broker;
John M. Miller. . an attorney: Frank K. Mott.
attorney; J. Lange. a liquor dealer, and In
ternal revenue broker Charles J. Youngberg
were called on behalf of the prosecution and
»testlfled that In April a year ago they paid
to Wright. various sums ranging from $25 up
on. account of special taxes, collateral In
heritance tax. fines and compromise money.
St. Joseph's, Booth Entertains.
• A pleasing entertainment was given last even-
Ing by St. Joseph's Booth In aid of St.
Joseph's fair In St. Joseph's Hall. The .. pro
gramme which was devoted to Instrumental
and vocal selections and recitations, was as
follows: . Piano solo. Miss Thornton; buck and
wing 'dancing. Miss Rita McFarland- and IX
Lynch;- bass solo, Frank Scully: hornpipe. Rob
ert Allen and Joseph Levelra: vocal solos, Mrs.
McCloskey. JH*s - Katherlne . • SicManus, \u25a0 Mrs.
Frank Scully and Mi.<s Oaita Robinson; recita
tion, v Dr.J. M. Tomer. Dancing concluded the
entertainment.- .' .
Albre:';t In Trouble.
Frederick . Albrecht was arrested by United
States Marshal Shine yesterday on complaint of.
Special. lnternal Revenue Agent Bert M. Thorn- ;
as --who charges -that'- the prisoner - removed
forty, cigars •from; his factory without having ,
•tamped the same. - Albrecnt's connection with •
an allegedM sn -lndltn? scheme in sellinr half
interests in cigar stores and saloon business*
tvllj also be Investigated. It I» said that after
the victims paid for tSelr naif of the business
a demand purporting to come from the owner
of the building for exorbitant rent would b«
produced and the new partner 1 thus Induced to
riv« up hia interest. . *
BURGLAR PLEADS UL'lLTT.— James F«n*
wick, charged with burglary, was allowed
to Dlead guilty In Judse Cocfc's court yester-
day to a coarse of attempt to commit bur-
Klary and witt be sentenced to-day. H*
entered the residence of Mrs. Julia McCarthy.
.2S3S Railroad avenue, on August T2. \u25a0
% 9 Permanence of tone and S
stability of construction char- JSJ
acterize every Ckickering \
I piano. The name alone is a
a guarantee of the lasting 3
worth and enduring excel- 1
* lence without which no piano %
fl We arrange payments to |
suit the convenience of any
income. € Ask to see our
weekly specials. )
16-20 O'Farrell St. 1
Branch™ — San Joa*. Alameda. Fresno ra^
I don't want your specta-
cles , but I want you to try my
new combination eye-glass.
(Guaranteed to fit,, and
won't leave ugly spectacle
marks on your nose.)
At the now address
J" 214 Grant Avenue.
° HOTEL ST; FRANCIS
Has the Best Equipped .
." . end Handsomest . .
GRILL ROOM * CAFE
IN SAN FRANCISCO
1 Basinets Men's -Lnnch a Specialty
O \u25a0 '.'..\u25a0\u25a0 .'.. ..' ' O
i \u25a0 -... ... — \u25a0 \u25a0 — =~i —
Always Remember the Full .Nmm
g axstive Mromo r^rmiisa
Fir - «* \u25a0?&*
CereS a Cold in One D*y, Crip in 2 D*yi