Continued •on I'oge 2, ' Column 6.
Conimerclnl- Law :^'League nt j Niagara
Fall* Elects H.-.GAwVDinkelspiel
First -Vice: President. :'-.; ;/.; i)
NIAGARA FALLS, N.;Y.,Aug. 3.— The
Commercial Law League '\u25a0 in convention
here to-day "» elected -• H. \u25a0G.* W. Dlnkel
splel of San Francisco first vice" presi
dent.' ' -'\ :•\u25a0; f ;!
which had attracted much attention, and »
It was her Intention to go East next win-*
ter.to study under some fam/nia teacher
to perfect her musical education. The.
Garrigan family left here overland in •
June on a tour of the State. They tray» .
eled in a camp wagon. The daughter re
mained, but Joined her parents en route
only a short time ago. They Intended to a
remain away from home until late to
SAJV . FRANCISCO .I, MAN
HONORKD ;BY CONVENTION
RECEPTIOX OP'! DE . WITTE.
President Will Entertain 'the Russian
,; Plenipotentiary To-day.
OYSTER V-BAY,V -BAY, : Aug. 3.— -President
Roosevelt wiir receive Informally to
morrow Sergius;de ;Witte. the, principal
envoy of the ' Emperor .[ of Russia to ' the
Washington-; peace Baron
Rosen,' the Russian Embassador and as
sociate' Russian envoy," will accompany
• NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— There have been
several transcontinental record runs in
automobiles, but never, until to-day has
such a trip been begun with women or
children as passengers. •\u25a0 \u25a0 Edward F. Si
mons of Syracuse.^N. ' V., with his wirej
his daughter, aged 5,- and- his son, aged
10, left New : Tork at' noon : to-day in a
sixteen-horsepower car to ride to Port
land and San Francisco. "His route will
be "via Albany, i Buffalo; Cleveland, Chica
go, Omaha,' andthencefollowing the' Ce
ntral v Pacific- Railroad route* across j the
Rockies. 'From 'Portland : he ? : will \go
down the Pacific coast to San Francisco.
- The trlpVwill^be , one ;of. pleasure and
business and 'itv is, expected 'to occupy
nearly three ./months^, Mr.; Simons will
keep -a record I throughout ; of, operating
and repair expenses, as well as road con
ditions. :'.'\u25a0 :<;{-; ' ;i-.-i: •' '.- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0> .',\u25a0\u25a0' '.•>\u25a0/:>\u25a0'
Special Dispatch : to I The Call.
.—• • • .
ADMIUMi MeCAL.I*A FIGHTS
' FIRE AT THE XAVY..YAR»'
3l«-n Under Him Qiilekly Chert Flames*
Which Break Out In the
Oilboase.
VALLEJO, Aug. S. — A fire«at f o'clock
this inornln?: ftroke out in the.*c»- s
house at* the navy yard. T'ae .splendid
work of the Mare Island firemen \ pre
vented the oil aud turpentine catchlu~
tire. The building:, was damaged to tho
extent of $100. Admiral McCa^Ja. and
Captain Underwood directed the effort*
of the firemen. •'\u25a0'\u25a0'•' I .
the Journey.,
Syracuse Man Will Take; His
Wife and Children on
AUTOMOBILE TEIP
ACROSS CONTINENT
With her father, mother and the five
younger children of the family. Miss
Garrigan was, camping among the oaks
and pines along the river. Half a mile
below the .village, near | the " : . .Garrigan
camp, was that of . another • party, in
which there were a number of young
people. .With j tier: parents, Mary had
gone to this neighboring camp to spend
the evening around the campflre. The
young people were engaged In playing
games when a party, of soldiers, who
were passing by, stopped to -join in the
merrymaking. Outside the glow of the
camphre. which was within a few rod 9
of the river, the shadows were Intensely
dark. While running. In a circle around
the fire Miss Garrigan. without, a mo
ment's warning, came to the, edge of the
river bank and fell Into the water.
Corporal Potts, who .was "near the
spot, jumped into the river in an effort
to save the; girl, but" was unable to do
so, barely escaping with his own life.
Yates then, made the, attempt,* but was
drawn 1 under . the - current and • drowned.
Both bodies were ' recovered shortly af
terward-and were" brought to the vil
lage. . •\u25a0 \u25a0 . ."•
Miss Garrigan was 'the eldest of the
family and the idol . of her Invalid
mother, whose health It was hoped to
benefit by atrip;to the valley.
John ; Yates -was 21 years of ; age. He
has a mother and brother in "West Vir
ginia. The 'l ;. remains of "Miss Garrigan
will be taken to Los Angeles for inter
ment, and Yates'. body .will rest in the
National Cemetery at Monterey,
s LOS ANGELES. Aug. 3.-«-Miss Mary
G. Garrigan. who was drowned in. the
Merced River." was the 'daughter of J. E.
Garrigan of , Los "Angeles. Two months
ago '\u25a0 Bhe was graduated from the Sis
ters' school-as the "honor.; "graduate. She
had attained a proficiency "'. in music
YOSEMITE. Aug. 3. — At 9 o'clock last
night Mary Garrigan. the 16-year-old
daughter, of James E. Garrigan of ."Los
Angeles, and John Yates, a soldier. of
the Fourth . Cavalry, . were drowned ' In
the Merced. River. . .
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— Thirteen indignant
porters of the' Palmer House -Quit their*
jobs to-day when th© management" de
vised a scheme whereby "tips" reverted o
'to the house Instead ot being kept by*
employes. • • • •
The new regulation provided that the?
men's. salaries be Increased, but that all
"tips", be turned over to the heafl porter.
Hotel detectives were put on duty to sea
that the porters turned over the dimes * *
and quarters handed to them by generous*
guests.
Immediately on being notified of the
new order, the portera walked out* of the
hotel. In less than a half-hour a new
force bad been engaged.
. When the word was passed around-" to.
other t hotel employes of the move mador
i by the Palmer House against "tipping," ->
there was excitement. ' The system wa^..
denounced as unjust and doomed to fail-*
ure..
Special Dlssatch to Th» Call..
Special Dispatch to The^ Call.
peace conference was growing brighter.
Russia, through' Mr. de ' Wltte. has been
sounding large banking houses in New
York with reference to a Ipan. Prom
inent capitalist? expressed the opinion
that it would be useless to attempt to
float a Russian loan here If it were to
be used to prolong the war, and, pos
sibly, derreclatt: Japanese securities.
They also said it could be floated easily
if peace were signed.
It is believed that the 'juestion of
Indemnity is no longer a stumbling
block. Russia Is willing to pay in
demnity. ; The trouble will be with
other questions — the future of, Korea
and Manchuria, the cession of the Isl
and of Saghallen, the disposition of the
Chinese Kastern Railway and Jhe'dis
mantling of Vladivostok. •• . *•
Two Koreans, p. k. Yoon and Syng
man Rhee. will call upon the President
to, present an appeal to him to tako
some action to restore Korean inde
pendenre under, the treaty of 18S2: They
do not represent the Korean Govern
ment, which is completely dominated
by Japan, but claim to speak for the
Korean nation.. The President has de
cided, also, to receive Prince Minhui
Cho. the official Korean representative.
Mr. de Witte spent .several hours to
day sightseeing from an automobile.
His trip . included both the RiverMdrt
drive on the West Side sind : districts
of the,' lowei: East Side, where many o*
his countrymen live. The Stock . Ex
change was . visited by, the Russian
plenipotentiary, who. . unrecognized by!
the members ,on : the floor, viewed the
proceedings, from .the visitors' &allery. !
TOKIO, Anjc. 4. — The bulk of the
Ilu«slnn prarrlKon of Sapbnllen nurren
dered to the Japanese on July 31*
WOOSTER, Ohio, Aug. 3.— With a re
quest from Captain Taggart's attorney
that the court order Mrs. Taggart to per
mit her husband to see their two sons,
the Taggart divorce hearing was re
turned to-day. Judgo Easton ruled that
both parties had equal rights in th» chil
dren, though they were temporarily un
der the mother's care.
The first witness, Howard Taggart,
brother of the plaintiff, said he lived with
the Taggarts at Fort Thomas, Kentucky,
. from Vb"J3 to IS9B. He described a visit of
Lieutenant Rlther to the Taggart house,
where he had an interview with Mrs.
Taggart in the parlor at 1:30 o'clock In
the morning while Captain Taggart was
away. The witness discovered Rither'n
presence, he said, and the latter hurried
away and did not call again.
A week later Mrs. Taggart handed the
witness an anonymous letter, asking him
if he knew the writing. The Jetter ad
vised the captain to watch his wife, de
' daring that Rither was taking her to a
resort in Newport. The witness said he
never mentioned Rither's early morning
call or the ietter to his brother.
Mrs. Taggarts alleged capacity for
beer was given as five glasses at one
fitting, when the witness described a
drinking bout between Mrs. Taggart and
the wife of another Officer at Fort Thom
as. The contest was for the champion
ship of the garrison, the witness said, and
the contestants were backed by officers.
Mrs. Taggart told him afterward, the
'witness said, that her opponent won the
matrh, drinking nine goblets to Mrs. Tag
' gart's five.
Howard Taggart testified that his sis
ter-in-law drank habitually with the of
ficers and prided herself on taking her
whisky straight, laughing at the men for
mixing water with it. The captain, the
witness said, objected to his wife giving
their sons beer.
ROME, Aug. 3. — A rumor in circula
tion to the effect that King Victor Em
manuel has met with an automobile ac
cident .Is false. His Majesty has made
no automobile trips for some time. He
epent to-day at St. Anna Valdiere,
\u25a0whence he will leave for a hunting trip
this evening'
' Klnsr Victor Emmanuel .Vot Hurt.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— ln the rapid
inarch of events preliminary to the
peace conference tbe most' significant
thing to-day was the disclosure of tho
purpose of President Roosevelt to
show an especia.l mark of favor to the
Japanese plenipotentiaries, which is
understood as part of the President's
plan to induce the representatives of
the Mikado to announce to the Rus
sians an "irreducible minimum" which
Mr. «le Witte ca.n accept. It has been
ordered that the programme for Sat
urday's reception and introduction be
changed and that the Japanese envoys
be given precedence of half an hour.
As originally arranged, the Russian
visitors were to have been received
first, but to-day this was changed. An
order was received at Washington re
versing the order of departure of the
men-of-war. The Tacoma will leave
with Baron Komura and his party at
9 o'clock; the Chattanooga, with Mr.
de Witte and his party, at 10 o'clock.
The Japanese will arrive lirst and spend
a full hall-hour on the Mayflower with
the President before the Russian dele
gation arrives, and there will be ample
time for the President, if he~chooses,
10 express the hope that Japan -will
see her way clear to suggest terms
that Russia can accept with dignity.
The news that the Japanese envoys
were to bo received first was communi
cated to Baron Komura an«l Mr. de
Wltte by Mr. Pierce, Assistant Secre
tary of State. The Japanese visitors
were naturally elated.
Of much significance was the visit of
the British Embassador. Sir Mortimer
Duraml, to the President . at , \u25a0 Oyster
Bay to-day. Sir Mortimer Insisted that
he did not come to participate in the
peace negotiations, but it is inconceiv
able Jthat the President and the Brit
ish Ambassador should meet .and- not
discuss the approaching peace and
much that, will be affected by it. >
There were signs to-day that the
prospect for successful results of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Soldier and Los Angeles
Young Lady Perish
in Yosqmite.
President May Urge Moderation in the
Mikado's Peace Demands.
Strike Follows Action
of Hotel ;
Managers. .
Brother -in - Law Says She
Scorned to Take Water
Along With Her Whisky
BRITISH EMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES. WHO WAP A VISITOR AT
OTHTER BAY YKSTERDAY, AND KOREAN REPRESENTATIVE, WHOM THE
PRESIDENT HAS DECIDED TO RECEIVE.
MRS. TAGGART'S
DRINKING BOUTS
DROWNS WITH
THE GIRL HE
TRIED TO SAVE
PALMER HOUSE
BEGINS A WAR
ON "TIPPING"
PEARL SANDERLIN. THE SEVENTEEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL. WHO TELLS A "
WEIRD TALE OF A REVOLVER FIGHT WITH A MASKED AND BEARDED »
MAN AT BAKERS BEACH. - * (
EENO. Aug. 3.— Taliac. the swell sum
mer resort oil the banks of Lake Tahoe,
In California, ie now the sc^ne of nigh-Uy
rv-elries. A hig gambling resort, called
the <Uua»no, has been oper.ed thvre and
Cami« of all kinds are running wide
open. Faro, roulette, chuck-a-luck— in
fact, all the games popular with the 'men
who bet their moru>y — are going full
ewmg, and both sexes, irrespective ot
color, creed or nationality, are trying
their luck.
Nat Goodwin is among those who are
reported to have lost considerable money
at the games. Goodwin, so the story
goes, dropped all he had with him one
day this week. Later he had a run of
luck and cleaned up several hundred dol
lars. Goodwin refuses to discuss the in
cident.
Several women have a!so lost heavily,
and a number of them have been com
pelled to pawn their jewels in order to
rr a' h their homes.
One or two Ronoites are among the list
cf those who have lost, but in almost
«v*-ry instance it is impossible to verify
the report of their losses. It is under
stood that the State aftthorities are to be
esked to stop the games, whhch are run
ning in violation of the law.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Nat Goodwin Reported to
Have Dropped Big Sum
at Tables.
""Yesterday about 3 o'clock I boarded an
Ellis-street car and went to the beach for
a f ' ride. HP, left the car > at Bakers Beach
and, llndlrigia large rock, I sat down and
began wriling poetry, when a large man,
who * must : have \ been < over six ; feet tall
and. who wore. a. mask and false whiskers,
came up behind me and caught - me. by
the shoulder. "L tried to get away from
him.iwhenjhe pulled out his gun and fired
five shots at me. ; Then it occurred to, me
that I had ray ;22-caliber pistol, ln my
purse." and I -pullpd that -and -began to
shoot, when he knocked , it. -out of my
hand, Into the .water. : I- then -kicked him
in a'vital'pjace and put him, "out of com
mission.*,. After/that jI , knew, no more; until
I' found "myself Jat .the" Presidio, and," with
the aid of kind; friends, I reached . home
about. midnight." 1 T ., _ .
s there .were powder marks on
the girl's ; shirtwaist, , there were, no signs
of .violence, and the police, are Inclined to
believe-that- It- all existed : ln her own
mind.;; ""\u25a0"\u25a0':.'. , ' ;\u25a0.' ,
•. * ;
In Miss Pearl J. Sanderlln. a comely
lass of 17 years. San Francisco has a re
markable character. *Mlss Pearl lives with
her mamma at 930 Washington street, but
she loves nature, writes poetry and is
happy when she can steal far from the
madding crowd to drink in the divine
afflatus. •
When the shadows were growing long
on the hillsides Wednesday < afternoon
Miss Pearl felt that the spell of poetry,
was upon her, so she, hurriedly boarded
a car /and 1 rushed' toward' the \ sad % sea,
neve'r?stoppihg until she had .found 'a se
cluded spot over the surging Golden Gate
in the vicinity of Bakers Beach.
The,". young lady went there to wrlto
poetry, carrying in her mind visions of
Tennyson, of Byron, of Poe and others
who have written apostrophes to the
surging main— and in her: reticule a 22
caliber revolver, for Miss Pearl Is some
what of a shot as well as a poet. -
The. young woman's experiences during
the afternoon would furnish material for
a volume— not of poetry, . as she had
planned, but of adventures and hair
breadth escapes by the thundering sea,
which she had hoped to pacify by her
poems.
After drinking In the. inspiration of her
isolated sitting with nature for some
moments Miss Pearl began to write her
poem, beginning —
- I stand amid the roar
Of a surf- tormented shore,
And hold within my hand
Grains of golden sand —
But she got no further before there
was a violent Interruption. The inter- j
prejter of nature heard a stir of scurrying
feet. Looking behind her she beheld a
monstrous six-footer with a revolver— a
masked . and bewhiskered highwayman.
He fired five shots with such rapidity as
to suggest a weapon of the automatic
magazine type 4 but the divine afflatus
was with her and .the. villain's shots
could not penetrate the halo. Not a sin
gle bullet struck the daughter of the
muses.
Dropping her manuscript, the practical
lover of rhyme opened her purse, pulled
out her little revolver and began to emp
ty its contents in the direction of the
scoundrel who had broken into her train
of thought. Realizing that he would
surely give up the ghost unless he be
stirred . himself, the bandit - - ungallantly
Knocked Miss Banderlin's weapon into
the sea. Vandalism was soon getting the
best of literature in the strange battle
by the waves, but the child bt respiration
had a card up her sleeve, so' to speak,
and the wretch who had interfered with
her poetry was' soon discomfited to such
an extent that Miss Pearl believes he Is
languishing somewhere in mortal. pain.
• In 'a twinkling the young woman . re
called her anatomical accomplishments
and dealt the vandal a kick that j would
have done . Justice to Fay Templeton,
darling high-kicker of comic opera. One
blow from her little foot settled the van
dal. Miss Pearl remembers no more. Her
assailant's remains -have npt been found
by the police. , . .
Corporal Van Meter and Private War
moth . of the . Seventh Coast Artillery
found the young lady wandering fright
ened | and speechless about j 8 o'clock of
the, evening, she .had , set aside for the
completion of -her poem. She was in the
southwest corner of the Presidio, her
poem lost, her revolver in the sea. She is
I confined to her apartments just now, but
I has ; hopes _of finishing the poem some
sunny afternoon. She denies reporters
the pleasure of hearing her narrative, but
to Corporal Morrlssey and George F.
Mulcahey of the detective force she gave
out the "following statement yesterday
afternoon: : :
Women Play Heavily
and Are Forced to
Pawn Jewels.
Escapes All Shots, Fires
Back and Wins by
Kicking.
It was seen at once that the presence
of a physician was unnecessary, and the
attendants contented themselves with
notifying the police of West Sixty-eighth
station, whither 'the body was later re
moved in a patrol. wagon. There a search
of the pockets revealed letters, the writ
ing on which, although scarcely decipher
able, indicated the name to have been
Robert W. Criswell, with a residence in
the Hotel Belleclaire.
None of those who were supposed to
have been" in Criswell's confidence were
able to. assign a cause for the man to
have ended his life, for they are agreed
that he was singularly contident that he
would be acquitted on the charge now
hanging over him.
Criswell was arrested recently . on a
charge of criminal libel, preferred against
him by Representative Joseph L. Rhinock
of Kentucky. In his weekly publication,
the New Yorker, Criswell had printed an
article about the recent visit of Miss
.Roosevelt," the President's daughter, to
Cincinnati, and told ~of the various per
sons who were introduced to her on the
race track, 'among 'them Mr. . .Rhlnock,
who, the article. said, once had been in
dicted for. stealing money from a man on
the race track.
Criswell's explanation was that the ar
ticle had been sent to him by a friend
in whom he had the greatest confidence,
who was -then in. California, and he
asked to be permitted . to. communicate
with him. He caused a correction to be
placed in the New Yorker's . next issue.
He was placed under ball and was held
for trial : in \u25a0 the Special Sessions \u25a0 Court,
with the understanding that the trial
would notbe helduntil autumn.
Just as the train was pulling out of , the
station, a ,miiii, evidently.' under stress of
great excitement, ran down the steps from'
the Street, and, ninn.ng the kngth of the
platform, --leaped' in front of the cars,
which had 'attained considerable speed.
AVhen the train. was stopped_the body had
been cut to pieces. ; ; .The tragedy nad been
jeet-n standing; on' the
platform; ar)(l by- two, of the*, passengers in
the/f orward . car. • Their" cries warned the
others and it was only with difficulty
that the train men prevented a panic, no
fewer than four women .fainting... '
. When the platform guards had located
the body the train was divided into two
parts and from under the forward truck
of the third car. the body was extricat
ed and lifted \u25a0\u25a0 to the platform. Then the
train was . backed up to the other end
of the platform and the passengers re
quested to alight and avail themselves of
the local service, and it was announced
that no ..expresses would run for some
time. '\u25a0\u25a0:''
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Robert W. Cris
well, editor of the New Yorker, a .week
ly journal, who was recently held to the
Grand Jury on a charge of libel, . in
which the - names of- friends of Miss
Alice Roosevelt figured prominently, and
whose connection with the - Society Edi
tors' Association is now under Investiga
tion, found death to-night by ... throwing
himself under the wheels of a subway
express train leaving • the Sevtnty-second
street station. The death was witnessed
by several persons, who unite in their
declaration that' the case was plainly one
of suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tallac Said to Be
Monte Carlo on
Small Scale.
Awaiting Criminal Prosecu
tion for Attacking Friend
of -Miss Roosevelt. ;
Miss Pearl Sanderhn \s
Halo Is Impervious
• to Bullets.
Masked and Bewhiskered
'Vandal Attacks Day
Dreame?'.
R. W. Criswell Prefers
Death to Trial
for Libel.
GAMES RUN
WIDE OPEN
AT TAHOE
New York Editor's
; Awful Method
of Suicide.
Sr resident Sroosevelt haa ordered that, at the official reception of the
peace envoys on Saturday, the Japanese be given •precedence of a hat/
hour over 77fn do Witte and the other representatives of the Czar.
DIES UNDER
THE WHEELS
OF A TRAIN
JAPAN'S PEACE ENVOYS
ACCORDED FIRST PLACE
RUDE BANDIT FIRES AT POETESS AS SHE
WRITES BY TIDES OF GOLDEN GATE.
On Wednesday after
noon Miss Pearl Sander
lin went to Bakers
Beach to write poetry.
Before she had finished
one stanza an armed
and bewhiskered bandit
interrupted her muse by
firing five shots at her,
but none of them
pierced her halo. She
fired back, the vandal
threw her revolver into
the sea, but she dealt
him a solar plexus kick
that vanquished him
without delay.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE WEATHER. ,
Forecast m&de at Ban Francisco for
thirty hours ending- midnight. August
4. 1305:
Ban Francisco and vlolnlty: Fair
FVlday; fresh west winds.
O. H. "WTLLSON.
Local Forecaster,
Temporarily In Charge.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Fortunes of ths
Kin*."
CllUTES— Specialties. Matlne*.
CENTRAL— "The Cattla Kins."
COLUMBIA — "Weather Beaten Ben
son."
GRAND — "Jacob and Esau."
OnPHEUil— Vaudeville.
TI VOLI — "Rob Roy."
SAN FRANCISCO,' FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1905.
VOLUME XC VIII— NO. 65.
The San Francisco CallWASHINGTON, A\ig/ S.-pttie '\u25a0 Chase
National Bank, New ; YorkJ-and : . the First
National Bank, Sari _ Francisco,*- have
been approved as ;agerits; for .^We", 'First
National Bank, Turtbck,'' California.- .
Approved : as' Agrut*.
Kentacky Banker Kills Lumberman.
PADUCAH. Ky., Aug.. 3.— H. H. Lov
ing, a. former banker, to-day shot and
killed H. A. Rose, a prominent lumber
man. It. is supposed that the shooting
resulted from a quarrel oyer^.business
affairs. -Loving is .under, arrest,..-.
? BAKERSFIELE); Aug.' 3.— Lon JDaVis^
the 17-year-old' son' of Chief of Police
Davis "of this city, '.was painfully In
jured as a result- of -an explosion which'
occurred In the Santa* F.e yards short-;
ly before midnight last, night. DavisT
was*- ". preparing £~to~-~^l3 *.Tthe tank'
of one of • the engines with oil.';
He ."removed- .\u25a0the-v' cover r.-from •'' thej'
tank; in the. -tender, and,' as he did ;
so, his lanternJignitedFoire: confined^;
gap. ,-An explosion, followed, which was'
heard: all over. -toSv-n. -*The young man;
wasithrown A tri : the..frrpund. .with', his :
c^othjng- iri t fiaiT;es,;;, Yard .hands-, came'
to hia rescue. . HiSiface, and- head were
tgrrib^y^urited^.* .^,-.g^*t :^> : :U:^h :\u25a0,--
Lon Dnvis, .Son of Chief of Police, of
: T>Bnkersficld,,>RecelT«s>,Pain- ! ;
V '\u25a0 " ->fal.. Injuries. \i v-* '• /.* 1 •
BURNED JIY^TnE EXPLOSION
. OF GAS tIN ENGINE TENDER
You would like to and could own one
of the Home* advertised In Sunday's
CALL. '• *
City or Suburban— as you please— -sold
on installments. Read the. ads.
SHAW WILL,. INVESTIGATE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— Governor
Magoon's report for July on the yellow
fever situation "on the Isthmus shows
an improvement as compared with the
preceding month. During July there
were twenty-nine cases of fever. Since
the present outbreak of fever on the
isthmus, which occurred during the lat
ter part of April, there have been twen
ty-six deaths, and three of this number
were employes. The average force dur
ing this Quarter has been in excess of
10.C00 employes.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Ten persons
with' fever symptoms, two of them pas
sengers and the remainder members of
the crew, were received from "the
steanlship Advance at quarantine "to
day and taken to Hoffman. lsland: The
steamer came from Colon, having on
;board several, employes connected with
the Panama canal.
Governor Mnsoon's Report for .Inly
Show* More Hopeful Health
Conditions.
Only Fonr Cnses In Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO. Aug. 3.— The Su
perior Board o£ Health reports that
there are only four cases of yellow
fever in the entire republic. These
cases are in the city of Vera Cruz,
where they are thoroughly isolated.
IMPUOVEMENT OX ISTHMUS.
Santa Fe, New Mexico, Is Having
Trouble With the Holders of -\u0084
• ' $1,000,000 of It» Bonds.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — Santa Fe
County, New Mexico, whose Indebted
ness amounts to $1,000,000, may be
forced into the hands of a receiver if
negotiations now pending fail to satis
fy the holders of its bonds who are
taking steps to enforce^ the payment
of principal and interest due, on which
'the county is alleged to have defaulted.
Twb banking houses in this city are
the principal holders of the securities,
which are known as railway aid bonds,
having been issued to encourage the
construction of railroads through the
country. * v r ." ,r", r "
COUNTY MAY BE . FORCED
INTO HANDS OF RECEIVER
JOHNSTOWN, Pa.,"Aug. 3.— The morn
ing train from Rockwood to Johnstown
over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad was.
wrecked to-day between Border and
Foustwell, eight miles from this city.
Miss Mabel Beech, of Somerset; Pa., was
fatally -injured; Miss Emma Vickroy, ot
Windber, Pa., received internal .-injuries
that may cause her. death, and several
others were so badly (hurt that they had
to be taken to hospitals, the injuries con
sisting of bruises and' broken bones.
' Owing to a broken rail the cars left
lhe track, the engine and tender remain
ing on the rails. The baggage car rolled
down the long, steep embankment, turn
ing over and over, *and landed in the
creek standing, on . the ' wheels. The
smoker went' only ;part way down the
bank, turning ' oyer'V but once, and the
following Voach/did; not go far from the
track,, being ..held by a telegraph-pole.
A special train' carrying physicians: and
nurses brought "the injured to the city. .
PLEASANT- HILL, Mo., Aug. 3.— Local
passenger jrain'iNp. 27, due here at 10:13.
a. m-.-'was^wrecJcect^near the coal chutes
at thls.pl^ce" this. Ijaorning, mortally in
juririg^EngineerfFr&ijk C. Berry of Se
dalla,- andjT/Painfully."' injuring Engineer
Raymond of the 'skme place. ."-. ".'
of Louisiana that if any unauthorized
acts and abuses of discretion have been
committed by the revenue cutter Wi
nona, now assisting- the public health
and Marine Hospital Service in the cam
paign against yellow fever, they will be
corrected as far as possible. This dec
laration of the Secretary followed the
receipt of several dispatches from Gov
ernor Blanchard complaining of the
action of the cutter in interfering with
fishing vessels belonging to the people
of Louisiana and specifically referring
to a case where, it is asserted, a boat
was captured and towed away.
Secretary Shaw also has asked for a
detailed report of all the operations of
the Public Health and Marine Hospital
Service and the revenue cutter Winona
in the work along the gulf coast, with
a view to ascertaining the exact condi
tion of affairs which has given rise to
the complaints of Governor Blanchard.
Baltimore and Ohio Passen-
I ger Train *Jumps Track
i Throiigli Broken Kail.
'It is difficult to decide during the
first three days whether a patient has
yellow fever, hence the necessity in
threatened communities of placing a
mos-quito bar immediately around every
patient who has fever of any kind, and
for three days at least."- .•-'-
"Persons take the disease by being
bitten by mosquitoes that have prob
ably bitten a yellow fever patient. The
mosquito to become infected must bite
a yellow fever patient during the first
three days of the attack. The first
three days, therefore, are the most im
portant in preventing the spread of in
fection.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3— The public
health and Marine Hospital service has
issued a circular on the prevention of
yellow fever. The directions given
look to the suppression of the mosquito
as the only • means of preventing, its
spread. v
"No mosquito, no yellow fever," Is
the motto in big black letters at the
top of the circular. / , \u25a0
The document. -continues as follows:
"The infection of yellow fever is car
ried by mosquitoes and by no other
means. . ; . •
Marine IlONpital Service I*kiic« Circular
on Prevention of Yellow Fever.
TWO GIELS FATALLY
HUET IN RAIL WJIECK
PARIS. Aug. 3.— lnformation from
Fez reaching official Quarters shows
that the Sultan of Morocco, who first
proposed an'intefnatlonal conference,
now fears that the conference among
the powers will result in the dismem
berment of his country. He has, there
fore, called together a number of
chiefs, who have decided that outside
interference in Moroccan affair 3 was
not necessary. The Sultan has since
shown oposition to the holding of a
conference.
Now Opposes the Holding of
an International Con
ference.
SULTAN OF MOKOCCO
TAKES. NEW ATTITUDE
Sergeant first class, Henry Hartung,
Hospital Corps, Fort Davis, Alaska, to
be S2nt to, Fort Egbert, Alaska, report
ing to the commanding officer for duty.
Sergeant- Harry Fisher, Hospital Corps,
now at the depot for recruits ahd casuals,
Fort McDowell, to be sent to Fort L.eav
enworth, reporting to • the ' commanding
officer for duty. First LJeutenant Robert
H. Sillman, Fifteenth Infantry, is de
tailed a recorder to the examining board
at the Jtfresidioof Monterey, California,
vice First Lieutenant George E. Stewart,
Fifteenth Infantry, relieved.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— Army orders—;
Lieutenant Robert J. Binford, Fifteenth;
Infantry, lo report to Colonel Henry C
Ward, Fifteenth Infantry, president of
examining board, at the Presidio of Mon
terey, California, for examination to de
termine fitness for promotion. Private
Lovell C. Thickstun, Hospital Corps, P^ort
Assir.iboine, to be sent to Fort Walla to
accompany the troops of the Fourth
Cavalry, stationed at that ppst i to the
Philippine Islands; upon arrival at Manila
he will report to the commanding general,
Philippines division, for assignment to
duty Private J. Thomas, Company G,
Eleventh Infantry. Fort D. A. Russell,
Wyoming, is transferred to Thirteenth In
fantry to be sent to Fort McDowell, re-<
porting to- the commanding officer for as
signment to a company.
Major John Mills will proceed to Seattle,
thence to Manila to report to the com
manding general in the Philippines for
duty, will relieve Major Hary Taylor of
charge of all fortification construction in
the Philippine Islands together with the
money, proporty and records pertaining to
these- positions. Major Taylor will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report by tele
graph'to the military secretary of the
army for further orders.
Second Lieutenant Sebring C. Megell,
Eighth Cavalry, will report to the com
manding officor second squadron Fourth
Cavalry. • Presidio of San Francisco; for T
duty pending his promotion to first lieu
tenant. \u25a0 ; - \u25a0 i • - -\u25a0•
ARMY OItDERS.
PARIS, Aug. 3. — A notice was posted
to-day announcing the temporary sus
pension of payments by the savings
bank connected with the Printemps,
one of the largest department stores in
Paris. The announcement caused great
excitement. The suspension follows the
recent failures in the sugar trade, one
of the embarrassed sugar operators be
ing the principal stockholder in the
Printemps. .
'The depositors consist mainly of the
working classes. Minister of Finance
Merlou will seek to avert the losses af
fecting the poor by requesting leading
banks to assist the embarrassed institu
tion. . .. ... .... . '
Sayings Bank Connected
With Paris Department
Store Closes Doors.
• 1 —
MOSQUITO THE GUILTY ONE.
Oovfrnor of MKsi«»i]ipi Had No Inten
tion of Vlalalbtgr' Louisiana** Itishtx.
OiNONNATI, Aug. 3.— The Times;-
Star has received the following- ad
vices from Governor Varclairan'of- Mis
sissippi concernina: the, clash between
bis /State ar.d \u25a0 Louisiana: -
"Jackson, Miss., Aug. Z. — The much
talktd of conflict between the States
of Mississippi and Louisiana, so far
as I know, is without justification in
fact. If the" quarantine guards of Mis.
sissfpni-'have bi-en guilty of an indis
cretion it has not yet been reported to
nif" by the officers in charge of the
guards, and I cannot believe that they
have done anything- wrong. I have in
strui-ted the guards to remain on Mis
sissippi soil and to be careful in the
enforcement of the quarantine regula
tions promulgated by the Mississippi
State Board of Health; not to do any
thlngr improper, intimation of an
armed coniiict 'between the States of
Mississippi \u25a0• and;.-. * Louisiana. whose
friendship haslusen so cordial ahd of
such long- standing, is absolutely ridic
ulous i.oj me. ;I; I shall ,not permit the
yuarantine guards or any other Mis
sissiwpiah to Violate the rights of
Louisiana or her people, and I am sure
the honorable Governor of Louisiana
reciprocates that sentiment. .j
"JAMES K. VAiIDAMAN, Governor."
• DENVER, Aug. 3. — Her professional
career ended by failing eyesight, Mrs.
John'E. Drew; the originator of o the
serpentine dance' arid whose -'fame- as'
a dancer is world wide, : is becoming
blind. She was obliged to abandon the
stage a. year ago, \u25a0 coming to Denver'
from New York in search of health".
Gradually her sight is becoming dim
mer and in a short time, it is feared,
she will be blind. •' "'.
By marriage, Mrs. Drew isa cousin
of John Drew, the actor, and an aunt
of Ethel Barrymore. Her husband is
a brother of Frank Nelson Drew, raan
ager' of the Star Theater! Cleveland.
Their father was Frank L/rew, brother
of the elder John Drew. Frank Drew
created and for fifteen years played the
part of Mr. Stitch in "The White Slave."
He 'died nine months ago in a; hospital
in Philadelphia. ;.
Mrs. Drew was born in England and
began her stage career when 7 years of
age. Ten years ago she introduced the
serpentine dance in America. ' "Her last
engagement was .with John Drew in
"The Mummy and the" Humming Bird."
, She is a talented pianist and painter.
She hopes to see her hoy, 14 years old,
become a great singer.'' He has a rare
voice. -. . • : v . -i
Fifteen years ago Queen Victoria and
the then Prince of Wales gave her a
silver girdle, studded with gems. Her
father is a London furniture,manufac
turer.- . -f .• .- -•• > .;:.• • • •:\u25a0 •
WORDING CLASS WILL
FEEL HEAVIEST LOSS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, — ug. 3. — The ad
miralty has given orders for twelve
turbine torpedo-boat destroyers, rang
ing from 220 to 230 tons displacems: t,
for coast service. -
Russia Orders Turbine War Craft.
Mrs. John E. Drew Will
Grope in. Darkness in the
Closing Years of Her Life
Kinney killed a negro at Stamps on
Wednesday, fled and. while being pursued
by a posse shot and, killed E. R. Fergu
son. ]At 8 o'clock this: morning, three
miles from Lewisville.'the negro met Mr.
and Mrs. ' Stewart of Greensburg and Im
.medlaUly began firing.
. After, shooting and seriously wounding
both the negro told them that he thought
they were members of a posse, and as
sured them he was very _ sorry that he
had fired on them. 'Later' this morning,
about twenty-five men with dogs started
on Kinney's trail. A few members of
the searching party finally located Kin
ney in- a bottom near Doella, a planta
tion postoffice. As soon as the posse, had
arrived and begun to close in on the ne
gro he opened fire. C. F. Nash lost. a
finger. Alvin Barham was shot through
the neck and seriously.- wounded. Then
W. C. Nash sent a bullet into the negro
and he tumbled over dead. Fifteen hun
dred dollars had been offered for the cap
ture of Kinney, dead or alive. . •
LEWISVILLE; \u25a0 Ark., -Aug. 3.— After
killing two- persons, seriously' and prob
ably fatally shooting.- two others and
slightly wounding two more, Ike Kinney,
a negro, was killed in a river bottom at
Doella, six miles south of Lewisvllle, at
noon to-day, after a hot tight with a
posse of citizens that had surrounded
him/
FAMED DANCER
LOSING SIGHT
Black Desperado Puts Up
Hot Eight Before Bullet
Finishes Him.
NEGRO MURDERER IS
KILLED BY PURSUERS
TOKICX Aug. 3.— lt is officially re
ported that two Russian torpedo-boat
destroyers appeared oft Chungching",
on the northern coast of Korea, at 4:4S
o'clock this morning; and attacked the
Keisho, a small merchant steamship.
The destroyers fired sixty shots, seven
of which hit the port side of the engine
room and bridge, killing the captain
and one boy and wounding two of the
crew. The destroyers' then ceased to
fire and at 5 o'clock steamed toward
Vladivostok. The Keisho was able to
continue on her voyage and escaped.
From Vladivostok.
Fired Upon by Torpedo-Boai Destroyer*
JAPANESE STEAMSHIP ATTACKED.
It is reported that the Russians are
gradually strengthening their forces
south of the Tumen River. In Northern
Korea. The total, number of men is
estimated at 22,000. The force north
of the Tumen along; the lines of com
munication is said to be smalL
TOKIO/Aug. 3. — An unofficial report
has been received , to the effect that
General Linevitch's first army is dis
posed near Chungmuraen, thai the sec
ond army holds the Fenghwa-Pamian
chin line and that the third army oc
cupies positions in the vicinity of Ta
oma. Bodies of cavalry protect the ex
tremities of either wing.
Present' Disposition of' General ~ Llne
„\u25a0 ' t vltfh'* Large Force. •
POSXTNJX OP RUSSIAN ARMIES.
ALBUQUERQUE, ' N. M., Aug/ 3.— Wai-'
. ter Scott, -the Death Valley? miner and
cowboy of coyote' special fame, arrived
! at 12:30 o'clock this* afternoon on -the Cal
i ifornia limited, rand- tor u.ltty.. minutes
••Scotty" owned" Albuquerque.'. Jumping
from the rear end. of an observation Pull
man, he ran ,up Rail road .avenue to', the
store of the Stern 1 Clothliig •pompany and
throwing down a $100 bill called for a red"
necktie, having losVhis tie in Snaking the
trip from Lais Vegas here. .• He did not
; wait for the clerk to tie up, the. 1 purchase,
but grabbing the tie that suited him he
rushed out', of 'the -door, leaving the
change on the.' counter. ;-.": '\u25a0'\u25a0; ;~ ,-"
Across the street thfi miner fan to the
Sturgis clubrooms.i Stepping up to the
.crap table he threw. down a $1000. bill and
called for thY dicie.^He : made thr^e passes
in succession, and taking hisv winnings
stepped up'.txTthe.bar': -THrowing down
another $10CM>-,-bill ;:-h.e- ordered . cha^mpagne.:
for the cro\vd.' *Xhe,*ast6nished s pnlookers i
gasped for breathj' and. as he: ,g^ilped- his ;
liquor it was noised around that "Scotty" ,
was in town, and by the time he started
to catch his train a mob of several hun
dred people followed him. He reached
the station just in time and- as the lim
ited pulled out swung aboard and stand
ing on the platform showered a pocketful
of silver dollars among the astonished
people in the crowd, who waved their
hats and cheered.
.With Scotty is his wife and little yel
low dog, "Gold Nugget." The dog is rid
ing "in the Pullman with him, and Scotty
says he will take the canine to Los An
geles with him in the Pullman if he .has
to buy the car to do it. . -- ; . •!' \u25a0 •
"Had a great time in New York,' Ch
icago and Cincinnati, but did n6t spend
all my money," said Scotty, "as I am
returning home with a quarter of a mil
lion dollars. What's more, I'm going to
make" another record-breaking trip to
Chicago, and ' they'll have to do, it In
forty hours if they want my money."
j ST. PAUL, Aug. 3.— The second day of
t the telegraphers' strike on the lines . ot
j the Great Northern. and Northern Pacific
| railways ended with the railway officials
asserting that the strike has already been
broken and the .officials of the Telegra
phers' Union declaring that it has only
j begun. Both sides profess great satlsfac-
I Con to-night and each 1 maintains that
j the struggle will be ended within- a fort
j night.
In spite of the difficulties presented by
j the walkout of the telegraphers, the rail-
I roads have boen able to keep the more
! imjjoztant trains very near to the sched
ules. Through trains from the coast ar
j rived in fit. Paul to-day on time with the
j exception of the Northern Coast limited
ion the-North l irn Pacific, \u25a0 which was not
i seriously delayed. The time freights are
j being successfully handled. The abandon
: ment of a number of way freights was
ithc mosf serious disablement .of traffic
| to-day. •
i The railway officials ! claim that there
j have been notable breaks in the ranks of :
; the \u25a0 strikers, all ithe" operators on one
i branch of the Great Northern in North
! Dakota having gone back to work and
i thirty - or "forty mqre having signified
| their willingness to do so. Many substi
i tutes were placed during the 1 flay, and
I men from different parts of the country ;
j are being examined and put to work as i
I rapidly as they arrive. ' "' •
Reports' disprove the" representations of.j
Ithe strikei-s that the freight traffic has'
\u25a0been completely paralyzed. 1 There has;
i been much delay at many points in the •
; handling of local freight, but' this class
[ of traffic is gradually being taken care,
j of. The railroad officials say that there
lis -no accumulation of freight at ter
i minals and that no shipments will be re
} fused to-morrow.
Rumois.of a sympathetic strike of the
1 trainmeii- -b«ye been in" circulation, and
I although' conferences have been held with
j this plan in View it is" declared to-night
I that such a move is -not impending. Pres
j ident Perham of the Telegraphers' Broth
i erhood "said to-night:-
"\Xe are-bound to win and we can fight
jit out alone. I would not think of con- |
j seining to a sympathetic strike."
i The telegraph companies are sending to
I cities where they, have independent of
! flees, but communication with the smaller
towns is uncertain.
.President Perham of the Telegraphers'
Union said to-day:
The full effect of the strike will not be felt
I by the companies until four or five- daYs have
i elapsed. . \u25a0 * ' .
Hut I am well satisfied with present condi
tions. I am constantly receiving reports from
all parts of both Fystems to the effect ' that
passenger trains are delayed and that freight
trairic is paralyzed. \u25a0 \ \u25a0
The stories about the men going back to
work are absolutely untrue. There has. been
no' break in our ranks. •; \u25a0:' '
There is a- charge being made against us
that I would like to contradict. 'It was said
that by my orders the men that went out
"turned their boards- red": that is. displayed
"<!a"Yiger signals to all approaching trains, and
that this was Hone merely to embarras the
(company arid delay traffic.' It was done, but
| it was done to protect life and property. Some
[ ag<*nts or. operators that were called out. would
i be sore" to have train orders not yet delivered, i
Perhaps some of those orders could not' be de
livered for twelve hours. Now, if the men
were to leave their posts and fail to deliver
the orders serious accidents might happen. I
could not tell what operators had train orders
to deliver, so I Instructed all operators to
turn their boards 'red on quitting. This would
force the trainmen on every train to stop at
the station and make sure there were no orders
j before proceeding.
As for the report that/ our men have been
cutting the wires — there's no truth In It. All
our men are Instructed to do nothing unlawful.
BUTTK, Mont., Aug. 3.— Ralph E. Spur
rier, a telegrapher and formerly a m/?m
ber of the Mill and Smelter Men's- Union
of Butu, refused to join the striking
operators on the Northern Pacific road
and to-night several hundred smeltermen
held a meeting and. marched in a body to
the depot, surrounded the structure and
compelled Spurrier, to quit work under
pain of "being escorted out of town," an
expression which is. significant in Butte
circles. Other operators were looked for,
but "none were found. \u25a0••,-•'
A dispatch from Clancy to-night, a di
vision point on. the Great Northern, about
fifty milts. north of Butte, says that the
miners there threw the operaor out of
the only, boarding-house in the town be
cause he refused to stay w-ith his com
rades on strike. - The man had to be fed
"by the division superintendent in the lat
ter's car.
At Basin, forty miles north of Butte,
on the Great Northern, miners and mill
men requested a- "scabbing" operator to
cease work. The telegrapher armed him
self with a rifle and defied the miners.un
til about sixty gathered with a long rope
with "a noose in the, end,, when the man
weakened and several hours later left the
camp. • ' . .\u25a0\u2666 '
Apparently surrounded with . the /hap
piest conditions -of home life, Mrs.; Gil
bert' 1 J: ..Sweet, living^withv-her hushand.
in an apartment-house jat 1423 Octavia
street," committed -suicide last night by
.Innaling gas.
.Shortly after- 9 o'clock Mr. Sweet, who ,
had -gone to l another room ; but'a short
time • before, detected the. smell of gas
.and going to his wife's bedroom found
the door locked.
Forcing an entrance the husband dis
coveied his wife- lying unconscious upon
| the bed. In her mouth was inserted the
end of a rubber.; tube, .which had been
used for shower purposes in their bath
\u25a0roorrk The other end -was- attached to. the
gas jet,' the cock of which was wide
open. Doctors J. J. Peaice and H. J.
Deffau were immediately summoned and
later Dr. Charles Leithead of lo9S.Q'Far
rell street was . called in. The' three,
a,iued by two "burses, worked' over the
unfortunate woman from 9:30 until 1:10
o clock this morning, ' when she passed
away., .' ;.. . '.
Her, distracted husband was unable to
give any reason for his wife's suicide
and insisted that their ,- relations had
been of the happiest nature. Upon a
table in the room where the' body of
Mrs. Sweet was lying there was found a
note addressed to her aunt, Mrs. Emer
son of 751 Sutter street. It briefly dis
posed 6f the dead woman's jewelry to
her relative and concluded with the
words:
"It is all for the best. I die happy."
Airs. Sweet, who was Miss Minnie
Willard before she was married, was
only 28 years of age, and to ncr neigh
bors in .the apartment-house she had
appeared a happy and contented wffe.
Sweet is an agent for the Hilbert Mer
cantile Company. '
I Special Dispatch to The Call.
VNEW YORK. Aug", 3.— With the reti
cence that he has displayed every time
he was interviewed,' M. Sato, mouth
piece of the Japanese envoys, sat before
newspaper inquisitors this afternoon-
He said little; yet spoke volumes. The
optimism so conspicuous about the Jap
anese quarters "exuded. through Mr. Sato.
Based on figures given by Mr. Sato,
the- war lias cost $500,000,000. If the
Japanese envoys insist upon being; re
imbursed an additional 50 per cent above
their actual losses it means that Russia
will be asked. to pay an Indemnity of
fully $750,000,000.
"Do you think -the- negotiations will
result in peace?"
Mr.- Sato thought -for a -moment and
then replied deliberately:
"Yes, I think that peace ... will come
with the negotiations."
Jispauear Headquarters.
Optimism* Is Conspicuous Around the
One of the good results that is ex
pected to follow the preser.t misfortune
of the. city will be a vast extension of
the powers now lodged in the Board of
W'.ith a view to inaugurating a more
thorough cieaning movement and
strengthen the arms of the health au-
Übottties in righting the mosquito. Mayor
Jb' hrman calltd a confor^nco at the City
Hall to-day.. Opinions were expressed by
Health Officer Kohnke. by Dr. Beverly
Gainer, in charge of the ward work, and
by Chairman Janvier of the citizens', cora
mimt that while yellow fev»=r was now
known not to be a tilth disease and that
the mest perfect cleaning of a city 'could
a?Tf ct in no way the fight against the
diso*s»>, it being the consensus of scien
tilic opinion that yellow fever 'is only
transmitted by the mosquito, a general
sanitary movement will be certain to
have' a fine moral effect and would enlist
the sympathy and active assistance .,pt
the public in putting into effect the pre
cautions deemed necessary to destroy the
breeding places of the mosquito. The re
sult of the meeting -was tno'appointnnent
of committees that will take in hand and
carry out most comprehensive plans *ot
eanitary work.
The inspectors who are at work search
ing out esses of illness are having many
strange experiences. There still pxist* a
wides pro-ad antipathy among the ignorant
classes to making public cases of s'ek
ness. and a great deal of the inspectors'
time is taken up in running down-sus
j-'ici'jus cases which are communicated by.
the citizens to the Board of Health.
The announcement that a largo amount
of money has been deposited here to the
.order of the inarine hospital service sur
geon? has created a false impression
amcirig a large number of people now out
of work who are seeking jobs in connec
tion with- the movement to stamp, out.
the fever. The marine hospital officers
have been besieged with applicants for
various positions, and there is apparently
a widespread belief that the Government
is to turn loose a golden stream in the
plan. of fever eradication. It is" expected
that no monoy is to be spent by the •Gov
ernment in sanitary work here. ! The
Government is not in control of the .situ
ation, nor does it expect to be. All the
funds that it' will put out will be In the
establishment and maintenar.ee of deten
tion carors and in any disinfection of
cars'orKteamboats that may be required.
GOOD RESULT TO FOLLOW.
\u25a0": on will take stf>rs immediately to
capture and arrest all armed vessels
;:nd those aboard found within that
part of Lake Borgno,iPHuat<?d in your
parishes, Ba that the G^rand Jury may
-t t. Consult the District Attorney and
call, upon Comma ndt-r Bosiick of the
nawil militia for assistance to' effect
'Mlurc-. Go with Bostick expedtion
through the lakf."
CONFEUEXCE IS CALLED.
Though 'the announcement that Gov
ernor 13 la. no hard had actually ordered
tho'naval brigade under arms and dis
patched- it in the nios-iuito fleet of the
Oyster Commission to the- Louisiana-
Mississippi boundary attracted atten
tion, -there fs absolutely no apprehen
sion that any serious collision will oc
cur.- Hope generally is expressed that
Governor 'Vardaman's instructions to
his guards- not to trespass upon Louisi
ana territory will be rigidly observed.
In addition to putting the naval bri
leade on skips <Jovernor Blanchard to
day wir<d to the Sheriffs and District
Auorn.«fys vt St. Bernard and Urleans
parishes with a view to invoking the
assistance of the civil authorities to
clear Louisiana waters of any armed
Jmwders. . To the Sheriffs he sent this
telegram:
Although tli<-ro was a lar.ffe increase
of !iow cases and a cvnsicU ruble spread
of js'.lt'ctiou. tliero was a diminution in
the iiumbcr of faiulities to-day and
lhe yollou; fever scare was regarded as
havir.fr a hopeful aspt et. The authori
ties h.ivc not concealed their expecta
tioirthiit for s?omt' time th<-r< will be a.
daily tiVcrage of twenty to twenty-five
wP^f and a proportionate number of
deaths, owing to the extont of the main
infected territory, and anything less
th:<n th<«e tjgurt-s- will by regarded «s
a distinct assurance that the situation
ie siMl'undt-r control. Carrying on a
scientific fight of this kind is a slow
and tf-dious work, but the confidence of
authorities and the enthusiasm of the
b-jlk of 'Uio public shows no impair
ment:
%'E\V ORLEANS, Auk. 3. — \ht yel
low f«-vcr oasn's reported up to 0 o'clock
thin rvcataC are 54. Tola! cm%*% «<»
dale 4X2. DrathK 5. Total <JcatU» to
date t<4. .\>»v wab-farf 11- Total »uS>
loci tr..
VAU DAMAN'S SIDE.
Dr. C. M. Brady returned to-day from
Lake Providence, La., on the Mississippi
River in North lyouisiana. bringing in
formation that the Italians who invaded
that peeticn have been completely isolated
and are. under constant observation. The
case of fever th?re Is carefully . guarded
and every precaution has been taken to
pre\ ent further infection. . . ,
Much surprise was expressed at the
State Board of Health when a dispatch
rrached it to-day from Dr. Gremillon
at Alexandra announcing the appearance
of a cisc of yellow fever there.
, Rapiues Parish had taken extraordi
nary measures to keep out the infection,
and it was thought that none of the
fugitive Italians would be able to pass
the cordon of guards with which she
had surrounded herself. The Alexandra
case was traced to New Orleans, and
that opens up the question of • the
efficiency of "certain quarantines estab
lished in the country; parishes* > The
period of incubation of yellow fever Is
five days, and this Italian, therefore,
must have got into Rapides within that
time, although the quarantine has been
in effect for a much longer period. There
Is naturally much anxiety among the
health officials to know how many more
Italians have slipppd out of Xew Or
leans recently and managed to have made
their way into uninfected localities.
CASE AT ALEXANDRA.
Health in the matter of enfoicins sani
tary and hygienic measures. No one
seems to have had any idea until the
developments of the past two weeks of
the do:>!urable conditions . that have ex
isted in the Italian 'lUisrur. Hundreds
of people have been found crowded into
ramshackle tenements; seme of them
built perjiaps a teniury ago, and sur
rounded with none of the essentials of
the most primitive sanitation and hy
giene. The district has been a rich lieid
for the planting of epidemic diseases,
nr.d there is a strong demand that laws
shall be pas-sec! and enforced to revolu
tionize thc?e -conditions, not only in the
present infected area, but in other parts
of the city. It !« not improbable also
that the movements to bring Italian'lm
migrants here on a large scale will suf
fer, partly by reason of the terror wh'ch
the present infection has spread among
the Italians, and partly by reason of the
entirely uiuvnrrr.n.ted j prejudice which
seems to have arisen against extensive
Italian colonization. With : the • negro
flocking to the City. Louisiana and Mis
sissippi planters have- had • a \u25a0 difiicult
problem to eolve in obtaining -adequate
labor to til! their fields. Thousands of
Itallens have in recent- years replaced
.negroes in the sugar. fields of Louisiana,
and. as the Italian is usually an excel
lent laborer, th<?r"?_has for some time
been a strong movement to provide such,
facilities in the way .of ajv immigrant
station a? would divert to thi? gateway
a larger proportion of Italian immi
grants.
I SATO SAYS PEACE WILL,. COME.
Important Trains Run Near
ly on-Time and Shipments
Will Be Accepted To-Day
Husband Alarmed ;by the
; Poisonous 5 Odor, but the
,i Warning Conies Too Late
Scatters \u25a0 Money Lavishly
and .Declares That He
Still ' Has; $250,000 Left
BREAKS INTO THE' ROOM
Apprehension of a Collision Between the
Authorities of Two States Allayed. \u25a0*
AH E HANDLING FREIGHT
Mr. de "Witte to Oyster Bay. They will
be -suests.of the President and Mrs.
Roosevelt at luncheon. It is not ex
pected that any other visitors will be
received by the President during the
day. . .
'Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
Spread of the disease in New Orleans
and Surrounding District Continues?
MANY NEW FEVER
CASES REPORTED
Railroads Say Strike Is Al
ready Broken; Operators
Declare It Has Only Begun
IS QN; HIS WAY HOME
Walter Scott, the Death Val
ley Cowboy Miner, Makes
Al buquerque Take Notice
fit Is All' for the Be^ ? Is
Parting Message Left by
Wife of Gilbert J. Sweet
INHALES GAS
AND EXPIRES
PRESIDENT
TO ASK FOR
MODERATION
EACH SIDESURE
OF ITS SUCCESS
SPENDS $100
FOR A NECKTIE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, (FRIDAY, AUGUST 4.. 1905.
; A Surrey.' Runabout ' and" Top : Buggy' or Stan
trope. if bought of us. always lives ,up- to : the
price. We carry the 'best that's made. " Lel-
Wni-i Horn... Oomtunv. 211 Larkin street. •
Secretary of Treasury Wants Report of
Revenue Cutter* Operations. "
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 3.— Secretary
Shaw has notified Governor Blancbard
2
gxclu s i v t
s&t9hr(oradc Clothiers
• , •'. No Br*n<sh Stores and No Agents.
OUR PALL AND WINTER
CREATIONS WE NOW SHOW
B*EAR THE CREST
OF ORIGINALITY.
/ THE WEARER PRESERVES
THAT.- HERCULEAN EFFECT
.••WITHOUT THE AID OF
rA'|MATTRESS OF PADDING.
'The Blaster mir.<3« of the
,* " '. l best clothes makers have
i-roduced for us that some-
thing •which separates with
distinction the emart dresser
j •from the other fellow.
ruy'itr c c i
SThurtoui Stock
Sack East Excursions
Round Trip Tickets ta
Chicago $ 72 $o
St. Louts 67 50
Memphis „ 67 50
New Orleans 67 SO
Kansas City 60 00
Orrfaha 60 OO
St. Paul 70 00
Minneapolis 70 00
Duluth 73 so
Fort Worth 60 00
New York ; 108 >o
Boston . 100 so
• Philadelphia 107 50
Baltimore 107 00
Washington. D. C 107 00
OS SALE
Ju»y 24-25-26.
August 15-l«-24-25.
September 7-S-9-10-11-16-1?.
Gc:d for 90 days.
DENVER A9S SSTCRX 555.0J
0!T BAtS .
' August ' 10-11-12-30-31. . .^
' Good for 40 days. . * „,
These . tickets ar* all nonored oa
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA FE.
653 Market Strsst
WEE MUSEUM CF ASATO.MT
|||J|*||| Moved lo Larger Quarters at
|lp|||i 1023 MARKET ST.
nHB Pay MosTnm Doctors
Only If Cured.
Hear Free Museum Lectures to Men
In Central Hall Museum Buildins. SlO
Kearny street, nightly. See new elec-
tric museum, anatomy of man and wo-
man. Learn secrets of life, mystery ot
death. Know who should marry, who
not. why. - Museum, educational, free
entertainments nightly. Teach why
thousands cannot get cured of Varico-
cele, Stricture, Loss of Vigor and Con-
tracted Contagious Disorders of Men.
Varicocele and Strictures cured without
painful, dangerous surgery. No ancient
methods, no dilating, irrigating or
knife. To prove merits of new method,
two weeks' treatment given, or mailed
free. Call or address UNITED aru-
SEUM SPECIALISTS FOn MO.
The Dr. Liebig Staff
1023 Market St.. near 6th. San Francisco.
....THE. •'••*£
Los Angeles Times
. . San Francisco Offlce
. Is located fa
ROOM ' 10, CIIItOXICLE BUILDING
AHTIIVIi L. FISH, Representative.
If you would do effective advertising
in the Southwest, drop a line to the
above address or telephone Main 1473
and our representative will be pleased
to call on you with full information a»
to rates, etc.
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with 36-page
magazine, $2.50 a year by mall.
Avjsit OR. JORDAN'S GKtktd
2ISUSEUH OF ANATOMYf
. \ f*\ 1351 EIKXET ST. btt.6t!>*;tb.S.?.C»L i
' T VHr TSo L»rr«»t Anm-om!e»l Xnaena la Urn W
\ ,Tb. World. Wtaka*uca or »n» •oatractid j)
¥ <t5?S5> .ll,:.»»pc»«ltl-w»>l7 «»•"««* brtiie old&u f
6 »^-* «9l Sped*'!*' ou tte C 0 * 54 - E3t - 38 je»rs.
A fl^^A DR. JCRDAN-CI3I&SES 0? MEN ,
\ F?Ss*^S Conjal:x:!on tn* *nd strictly pri»u»
A I iSVi B Tr«»tment jH-rvwia'.!/ or by 1«.«, A
'/ ggr'W W pottnir curt la eier j esao onaer aien. i
mr-li \\tf Writ* Jbr 8001, PRILO.S6PMIr«. J
X ll I M-*»k* »c>;, '\u25a0AIUtD SRZS. :a\
f OK.JOB»AXAfO^iOSIMar»rtSt..S.Ti-. (
*j*!@gß*faM MIHAH3WOM£a.
Cm Big G for uanatanii
' ia-lvii 110 * *»7i.\j| diacharsst.intlacim^tionj.
CSS) 1 Oa»r»nKed tl Irritation* or o!c«ratloB»
SjSs ~ei »» urUnan. of mucous membrane*.
!*-^ » Trm—m* Cont^Ufc Painlasf, and not aatri»
U»|rrfE£M!iSCHEJ«!CALCa. it«nt or poisoaou*. .
CJHS;a.tITI,O. JJ S3 *cl«* by Dr«mi^U
V'VIA. US-*-- a<£3l or a " nt ie Plair; wmjvw v
A'yli^'iS^—^'S^ti t>r ejtpre-* prspald. f«
VJrf^WrTO^B 51.00. # i b«ttlo »7.7 i
. DIRECTORY OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists .Mailed on
Application.
. OILS. ~
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLI3.
418 Front st.. 8. F. Phone Main 1710.
PRIXTIXG. "7: ~
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB TEAS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pain 'in the \ -
Head
Is a danger signal. Warning
you that the brain nerves are
exhausted — irritated, and are
undergoing 1 an unnatural strain.
Frequent and prolonged at-
tacks of pain weaken the gen-
erative power of the nerve
cells of the brain, and lead to
loss of memory, melancholy,
spasms, epilepsy, and frequent-
ly insanity.
When the brain nerves are
weakened they are unable to
supply sufficient nerve force
to the nerves that control the
lungs, heart, stomach and
other organs, and these organs
are thus robbed of energy, and
unable to meet the demands
upon them,and they get sick.
Stop the head pains with £>r.
Miles' Antr-Pain Pills, and the
influence upon your general
health will be greater than you
can realize.
"I want to tell yon how thankful X
am for Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills.
From a child I have been subject to
sick headache, and never found any.
lasting relief until I received a sample
of Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills while In
Geneva six years ago. By taking one.
It usually throws off my pain, so I
can go about my home duties."
MRS. ALMA GATES,
R. F. D.. No. 4, Geneva. Ohio.
Dp. MUes' Antl-Paln Pills are sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
th« first package will benefit. If it
falls he will return your money. V
25 doses, 23 cents. Never sold In bulk. »
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
EXTRA GROCERY SPECIALS FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
Butter, fresh Creamery'; 'the usual good quality, m lb. squares ....' '.33c
: Olive Oil. imDorted Italian, full quart cans. Regular, «5c per can ...:55c
Coffee. M^ &-J. Regular 35c per 1b...- 23c
Naphtha Soap. Regular 5c per bar; 7 bars for :......: ...' .'..... ..25c
Sardines. French imported, l«rge %-lb. tins. Regular 20c per can ...14c
Star Lobsters; " best quality. Regular 25c j,er can .........; .:...... ;2oc
Cheese; Edam best quality, imported. • Regular f 1 per cheese .../.: .-. jjSc
WINES AND LIQUORS
Nature Juice, best after dinner drink. Regular 65c t>er bottlo .-• , ..SOc
Tlpo f^hlanti. pint bottles. Regular 35c per, bot- •.. .......:. ,25c
- Port Wine, extra quality. Regular 35c per bot ..." .."..."....., ; 2<te
Claret extra quality. Regular 25c jJer b0t. ..:..:.'. ..v .' , t3c
Scutch Whisky, ten-year-old. Regular $1.25 per bot .'...»...... .V..*.;..\.\.. :;.......'.. .«1.«m>
El , Bart • Gin, large bottles. - Kegular $1.10 per bot- . :.'. .... i ............................. .BOc
FRESH MEAT DEPARTMENT
_ . . , Best Quality of .Meats at the Lowest Possible Prices.'
Special on Prime-Roast and Spring: Lamb for Friday \u25a0•«» «\u25a0\u2666-«!«».President McClish stated to-day that he
believed the change would be beneficial to
himself. He will go before the next con
ference of the Methodist church and ap
ply for a charge. He will remain at the
university about a month after his suc
cessor is appointed to make'Wm familiar
Dr. McClish was elected president of
the university in ISO 6. At that time the
school was largely in debt and there was
a small attendance of pupils. Under his
administration money was raised to pay
off a mortgage and indebtedness of $60,000
and in aduition an endowment of JIOO.UOO
was raised for the school. Besides the
endowment $26,000 worth of property has
been given the university. Never before
was it in such a good financial condition
and its future so bright. The attendance
has doubled under Dr. McClish.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— Rev. Dr. Eli Mc-
Clissh has resigned the presidency of. the
University of the Pacific. He has held
the position for the past nine years. The
resignation, is to . take effect at the next
meeting of the conference of the-Method
ist Episcopal Church, which will be held
about the middle of September. President
McClish wrote to J. 11. Brush of Santa
Rosa, the president of the board of trus
tees, on July *J tendering his resignation.
The matter was kept quiet in the hope
that President McCiish could be induced
to reconsider the matter.. President Brush
and others of the trustees have asked Or.
McClish to remain at the school, but the
latter has declined. President McClish's
successor will be selected at the confer
ence. ' \u0084
The new line from Drain to Myrtl*
Point will be eighty-one miles In length,
that from Riparia to Lewiston will b«
seventy-one miles and from there to
Grangeville eighty-five miles, while from
Elgin to Joseph. "Wallowa County, the
road now started will traverse slxty-flva
miles. The flrsl stretch of the extension
of the Columbia Southern from Shanlko
will be fifty miles, making 352 miles of
railroad to be started this year, much of
which will be in operation before 1906.
One hundred and fifty-six miles of this
will be In Idaho and -196 miles in Oregon.
It will open richer districts than railroads
have tapped in the Northwest in years.
The Columbia Sotzthern will be extend
ed without a doubt. Operations will b*
begun as soon as the details of tha pro*
Ject have been worked out.
| PORTLAND. Aug. i-Harrimaa will
[ spend $10,000,000 in railroad building In th«
States of Oregon, "Washington and Idaho
j within the next year. "With the official
I Announcement of ths fact that tha
Southern Pacific is prepared to \u25a0 build
from Drain to Marshfield. on Cooa Bay.
connecting the main line with tha Coos
Bay. Roseburg and Eastern road, which
extends from Marshfleld twenty-eight
•miles to Myrtle Point via Coqullle. and
with a branch to Beaver Hill. It is stated
E. H. Hartijnan will spend vast sums la
railroad construction, included In which
i will be the cost of the dual road building
between Rlparia and Grangeville, th«
cost of which Is shouldered jointly by
Hill and Harriman.
Dirt piled on the track by work
men grading tht street caused the en
gine to leave the rails. It bumped alon?
on tho ties the length of. the train,
struck a telegraph pole and rolled over
into the dltcli. currjing the tender with
it. The mail car also loft the track,
but remained on its trucks.
When tho online wynt into the ditch
Kngineer George Luce attempted to
jump,, but was caught by the lefc foot
between the engine and the tender. The
oth<»r foot was free.' and he was able
to stiind upon it. For more than thirty
niir.utes. v/hile a score of men were
were attempting to extricate him. Luce
stood watchlnjr and directing them.
Tow.irrJ tlio last the pain grew un
bearable, and h»i became so weak and
faint that it was necessary to hold him
up. His foot was badly crushed. Rob
ert Bilderain. the fireman, was burned
by being thrown against the hot fire
box and also received serious bruises.
PASADENA, Augf. 3.— Santa Fe local
passenger 'train No. 41, loaded with pa*
senfjcrs from Sen Bernanlino and Red
lands. was wrecked within a few hun
dred yards of the station In this city
at 10 o'clock this morning. Engineer
George Liiico >md Fireman Robert Bll
deraln were Injured. The passengers
were unhurt.
6peclal Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dlapatch to The Cill.
Dirt Piled on Track Near
the Station Sends Locomo
tive Off Rails Into Ditch
Attempt to Persuade Him. to
• Remain Longer With the
School 31eets No Success
Will Construct Over Three
Hundred Miles of Road
in Oregon and in Idaho
HARRIMAN PLANS
MANY NEW LINES
TRAIN WRECKED
IN PASADENA
DR. ELI M'CLISH
HAS RESIGNED
He Will Spend Ten Million
Dollars for Projects in
the Northwestern States
Engineer George Luce and
Fireman Robert Bilderain
Receive Painful Injuries
Gives Up Position as the
Presiden t of Un iversity.
of, Pacific in San Jose
HE DESIRES A CHANGE
NO PASSENGERS HURT
TO TAP RICH SECTION
• Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
SEATTLE, Aug. , 3.— R. Gaynor, a pas
senger on the steamship Dolphin, which
arrived to-day from Alaska/became in
sane on the trip down and arrived here
in irons. Gaynor. boarded the vessel at
Ketchikan. where _he had been working:
in a cannery. .He ran amuck the sec
ond night out and had to be overpow
ered. He tried to kill the steward by
hurling a heavy , water jug at his head,
but was finally knocked" down by one of
the crew. Physicians on board adminis
tered morphine to keep him 'quiet.
Hurls a Water Jug at the Steward Be
fore Being- Captured and
Put in Irons. . \
PASSENGER RUNS AMUCK
-v/. ON STEAMSHIP IN NORTH
FRESNO, Aug. 3. — That a hoodoo
hangs over the famous McWhorter
mansion is the opinion of every old res
ident of Fresno^Since the McWhorter
murder thirteen years ago three acci
dental deaths have occurred in or about
the house. The last one* tpok place
early this morning: when John Rich, a
laborer employed to assist in moving
the house, was killed by being: struck a
terrific blow on the head by the capstan
scantling:, which had accidentally part
ed. Two years ago a domestic lost her
life Jn the house by taking rat poieon
by mistake and five years before that a
baby backed into a vessel of boiling
water and was scalded todeath.
Laborer Killed in .Moving McWhorter
House, Where Murder Occurred
Several Years Ago.
HOODOO FOLLOWS FAMOUS /
MANSION IX RAISIX CITY
•^ c\\ Section May Xovr Be Developed
Xear Drowns Valley In Vuba
County.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 3.— A contest of
long standing that has prevented the
aevelopment of some rich mines ne.ir
.Ilrowns Valley In this county was set
tir-d to-day when deeds to 560 «cres
passed from J. J. White of Oakland to
Mrs. Emma Hibbert. F. W. Johnson,
Byron Burris and Colonel E. A. Forbes.
. Tli* White family claimed the property
r.s school- lands and for thirty years
have contested the rights of those who
. filed mining claims thereon. The case
was fought out in the land offices and
|n the courts, but no final settlemeat ,
was ever readied, so what is claimed :
to be one of the richest lodges in this
7»art of the State has never been de
veloped. Now, however, capital will be
invested and mines will be opened up
on .i large scale.
\}\ ! « &? 1 ?I? I Z E! V hat you have to r «"
. peat a Want Ad. Nor is it OFTEN that
you have to twice ask a woman to mar
ry you; but when either of these things
are necessary they should be done
WASHINGTON. Aug ' 3._ The Present h«
approver! th* n:i<l!ng m the case of First Lieu
•l-Wrt I-aniT Cravens, artillery corp«. who
convicted of intoxication while on duty
13* was sentenced to dismissal, tat on 'he
recommendation of the chief of staff • h« will
b*i raloced 93 numb,™ and «?S ft *he
E\D OF LAXD DISPUTE
OPEXS WAV FOR MIXISS
DIXON, Aug. 3.— Ralph Roach, a young
man in the employ of the Dixon Electric
Light and Water Company a 6 lineman,
was electrocuted here .yesterday after
noon by coming in contact with one of
the Bay Counties Power Company wires,
carrying CSOO volts. He was doing some
work upon a pole about twenty feet from
the ground when be accidentally touched
one of the high voltage wires with his
elbow. His lower limbs touched a house
wire and caused the CSOO volts to pass
through his body. He remained suspend
ed on the wires about three minutes,
after which his body fell to the grourfd."
When picked up life was extinct..
Roach was a student of the Van der.
Naillen Electrical School of San Francis
co, and came up here about a month ago
to get some practical. training, taking the
place of the electrician employed at these
works during his vacation.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— The labor, unions
of this city and county are preparing to
celebrate Labor. day, Monday, Septem
,ber 4. All the unions will be in line in
uniforms and many of them with floats.
Following the procession there will be
a • barbecue and addresses and ottt-er
entertainment at 'Agricultural Park.
Special rates have been secured on the
railroads antl union men from all over
the county will be in attendance.
"Will Celebrate Labor Day.
Ralph Roach Electrocuted at
Top of Pole in
Dixon.
You mlcrlit n.i well put your money In
renl estnte.lt> the »afr«t investment.
The Snntlny CALL'S realty columns
are profitable reading:.
LIVE WIRE KILLS
A YOUXG STUDENT
The grbss earnings of the Central Pa
cific were $19,341,298 88 and the operating
expenses $12,917,742 39. After making de
ductions for all expenses, the company
reports a surplus of $934,749 83 tor this
year. The Southern Pacific Company's
gross earnings were- $25,555,578 57, and the
the total expenses $16,472,232 "...
At the afternoon session of the, board
Ryan protested against the assessment
for 1504 of short lines operated the
'Southern Pacific Company, artel lying
wholly in one county. The local assessors,
he siid, assessed the3e roads as "jerk
water linos" at $5000 a nlile, while the
State Board of Equalization assessed
them as main lines at $15,000 a milt;. Ryan
said he believed the board had made the
assessment under a misapprehension.
Some of these lines, he contended, operate
only one. train. a day and have no value
as main lines and should not be assessed
so high. , \u25a0\u25a0":' • -
j To-morrow the assessment of the Cali
fornia Northwestern and the North Shore
roads will be considered. This will com
plete the hearings of the railroads and
next Monday the board will proceed .to
fix the assessments "of the several roads
in the State. "\u25a0.. - ;y- ; :- "v'f-^ - :K*c?
! SACRAMENTO, Aug. 3.— E. Black
Ryan, tax agent, and P. G. Williams, as
sistant auditor of the Southern Pacific
Company, were before the State Board
of Equalization to-day . in connec
tion with the assessments" of railroiids
operated by that corporation. Williams
; stated, in discussing the freight traffic
over the Central Paciiic, that the road
i is better equipped to handle fruit ship
ments than it has ever been, this branch
of the service having been greatly im
proved. This year there has been an in
crease in passenger traffic, due to heavy
travel westward. Colonist rates, while
low, contributed to the earnings.
Regarding the steamship earnings, Wil
liams stated that the ferry service be
tween Oakland and San Francisco had
been greatly improved. When the Key
Route first put on its boats the Southern
Pacific felt the competition keenly. The
Southern Pacific is now operating a
twenty-minute service to meet the com
petition and is getting back much of the
business it lost. The Alameda side of San
Francisco Bay is building up rapidly,
which has Increased the company's ferry
receipts 20 per cent in the last year. Most
of -{he increase in traffic between Oak
land, East Oakland and Alameda. goes to
the Southern Pacific, it was stated, while
the increase due to the advancement of
Berkeley goes largely to the Key Route.
William H. Alford asked what was the
cause of putting on the new train be
tween this city and San Francisco. Wil
liams said he did not know, but thought
it was due to public demand. Alford
said he liked the service, but found the
extra charge for a seat in the chair car a
novelty in California railroading.
Williams repeated the statement which
had previously been made to the board
that the Southern Pacific Company actu
ally owns only four miles of railroad in
the State, but operates the Central Pa
cific* the Souu.ern Pacific Company and
other lines under lease.
Ask' for Reduction in the
Assessment of Short Lines
of the Southern Pacific
HARRIMAN MEN
BEFORE BOARD
Details of the consolidation will be
| submitted to the stockholders of the
j several institutions affected for ratifl
| cation. Officers of the greater First
National Bank will be: President, J. C.
Elliott (the incumbent); vice presidents,
Harvey Jess (the incumbent), W. C.
j Patterson (now president of the Los
! Angeles National Bank). George Bittin
ger (cashier Los Angeles National
Bank) and J. S. Cravens (president of
the Southwestern National Bank). The
last named will not participate actively.
W. T. S. Hammond, now cashier of the
First National Bank, will continue in
that office for the new corporation. A
board of twenty-five directors will man
age the new institution.
The merger of the-- various banks will
make of the new First National Bank
the largest and most powerful financial
institution on the coast outside of San
Francisco. The new or revised corpora
tion will command resources such as no
other bank in this section now has, and
what is of much importance also it will
be managed by men w».o are experienced
in banking in this city, and know from
long experience the needs of the southern
counties in a financial way.
One feature of the deal was the pur
chase of the present Los Angeles bank
building at First and Spring streets from
the Equitable Trust Company. The cor
poration will raze the present building and
erect on the site a modern fireproof
business block of ten or more stories.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3. — United
States Senator Frank P. Flint to-day
made the announcement of the most im
portant amalgamation of Danking and
financial concerns that has been
brought about in Los Angeles. The Los
Angeles National Bank, the Southwest
ern National Bank and the First Na
tional have united, the new organiza
tion to be known as the First National
Bank of Los Angeles. The amalgama
tion also takes in the Equitable Savings
Bank, the Los Angeles Trust Company
and the Metropolitan Trust and Savings
Bank. The capital stock of the com
bined institutions will be $1,250,000
and the surplus $3,000,000.
The elder , Traphagen has for years
owned and conducted the hotel at Elsi
nore and is a man of large means.
Three years ago an exceedingly pretty
girl came to the Lake View Hotel at
Elsinore as a waitress. She -became
enamored of the son of the proprietor.
Some time later there was a midnight
marriage in the County \u25a0 Clerk's office at
Riverside, with the Sheriff as best man.
This was on March 23, 1903. The young
man, then but 21, deserted the girl on
the night of hfs marriage and she re
turned alone to the hotel conducted by
her father-in-law. He ordered her off
the premises and assisted her with such
roughness that he was arrested for bat
tery and paid a large line on pleading
guilty. To escape public wrath, the elder
Traphagen decided to receive his son's
bride and a little later the son, James
H.- Traphagen, was rounded. up and made
to stay with his wife in they hotel. Both
were employed by the father. Later they
moved to Los Angeles, where, on Janu
ary 15 of this year, young Traphagen
deserted his wife and went to Eureka.
He has since refused to return to her and
the eleven-month-old baby boy and has
not contributed anything toward their
support.
Mrs. Traphagen, in her complaint, al
lr-.eed that while she and her husband
remained under the parental roof the
defendant treated her with the greatest
cruelty, that he compelled her to sign
a. contract not to speak to any man save
her husband and not to. receive any com
pany whatever. She states that he con
stantly accused her of infidelity and made
like allegations to his son. The couple
fled to Los Angeles, hoping that the
persecution would end. The young wom
an declares that the father continued to
visit the son and to pour in his ear
stories of her alleged unfaithfulness.
Finally the young man left, and ever
since the girl wife has been compelled
to support herself and her child.
RIVERSIDE, Aug. S.— Mrs. Beulah
Traphagen to-day began auit against her
father-in-law, Charles S. Traphagen of
Elsinore, proprietor of the Lake View
Hotel, for ?10,000 damages for the alleged
alienation of her husband's affections.
She^ alleges that her father-in-law caused
her* husband to desert her.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEN WHO ARE CONDUCTING THE
INQUIRY INTO THE BENNING
TON DISASTER.
BRIDE SUES HER
FATHER-IN-LAW
— »
She Asks Damages for the
Alienation of Affections
of Her Youthful Husband
LARGE BANKS
FORM MERGER
Six of Them in Los Angeles
Unite With Capital Stock
of Over Million Dollars
"You must know that the action of the
eleam causes a corrosion to form at the
•eat of the safety valve. This corrosion
it net exactly a rust and yet its effect
is not entirely unliKe rust. It is sticky
and un'.tr-fcs cleaned out will soon cause
the valv* to ttick in such a manner that
oO.i rooosi of steam could not set it off.
Neither was tne valve properly weighted.
If It had bctn. when the pressure had
passec* the danger point, tee whole valve
would have been blown out. Nothing
could have prevented that. The regula
' ticms require that every safety valve must
be blown at least once every three
months. Had the valve been popped
within the last three months, the steam
would have cleaned out all the corrosion.
"I am very' certain that the steam gauge
did not register correctly. Had It regis
tered correctly there would not have been
such a tremendous pressure of steam at
the time of the accident. When that
crownsheet collapsed the boiler was
carrying a pressure between 2jO and 400
pounds."
Lieutenant Yates and Ensign Wade of
the Eeunington were before the' court of
inquiry to-day. Officers of the court say
,tAat they do not expect to be able to
•P'.iclude the investigation this week.
MEN* LEAVE THE HOSPITAL.
The naval court of inquiry continues its
daily session on board the flagship Chi
cago. Testimony is still being heard by
the board and no formal report has been
made to the admiral, but no information
as to the probable length of the inquiry
is available.
Of the injured seamen remaining in the
military hospital those still in the most
furious condition, Mueller and Sullivan,
probably will recover, so that now there
may be no further additions to the death
list. Yesterday eighteen of the men were
discharged, and there are now only thir
ty-five In the hospital. Hospital Surgeon
/v needier spoke in terms of praise of the
civilians who have assisted In the care of
the injured boys. He said:
"The women of San. Diego have aided
materially in the rapid recovery of the
boys. Not a day passes but several visit
the tick at the barracks, read to the
boys to help them pass the long hours
and writ* their letters for them. Those
women have done a world of good, i
don't see how we -could have got along
without them."
Ex-cry- afternoon the Bick men are en
tertained by the marine band from the
Chicago, which plays for an hour and a
half on one of the verandas of the bar- I
racks.
Word has been received here that the
Los Angeles division of the Naval Re- j
serves has decided to appropriate $250 '•
from its treasury to the Bennington me- I
mortal fund.
EAK "DIEGO. Aug. 3.— The Tribune this
evening prints the. . following interview
with an engineering officer of the flag-
Ehip Chicago on the Bennington disaster:
"After the Chicago reached port last
Thursday morr.ir.g-. 1 was one of the party
which boardffl the Bennington and made
a thorough, examination of the Benning
ton's boilers. What I saw in the Ben
r.higton's engine-room that day will bear
oi:t the truth of my statement. The
•waole accident is due to the negligence
of some one, I know but «m not going to
Bay who is to blame. Had i.ue accident
not happened when it did there is ao
doubt it would have come Later and would
have been caused from any one of peveral
reasons.
"My examination of the boiler demon
strated to me conclusively that at the
time of tho accident there was not enough
circulating water over the crownsheet.
The boiler is what is known as a "loco
motive boiler.' The circulating water Is
over the top of the crownsheet. At the
time of the accident, this water had been
allowed to run low. This left nothing
but the steam above the top of the crown
sheet ar.d as a result the top of the eheet
vis soon heated red hot. Later It be
came white hot. This, of course, weak
ened the crownsheet and with the tre
mendous amount of steam pressure above
caused it to collapse.
\u25ba- "How the circulating water was allowed
to run s>o low of course I don't know/.
However, I do not believe that any at
tention was paid to the water gauge.
"Another thing, from what I have seen,
neither the water gauge, the steam gauge
nor the safety valve was in proper con
dition. The safety valve on that boiler
would not have popped off under jOO
pounds pressure. This is shown by j
condition of the valve. The seat of the
valve is corroded in such a manner that
it shows conclusively that it had not
been popped off for at least a year and
very possibly eighteen months.
HEAVY PRESSURE OX BOILER.
He States Tliat Neither the
Water Nor Steam Gauge
to Xor the Safety Valve Was
in the Proper Condition
DECLARES CBOWX
SHEET COLLAPSED
Officer From the Flagship
Chicago Throws Light on
the Cause of the Disaster
in the Harbor at San Diego
BENNINGTON
HORROR DUE
TO NEGLECT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1905.
with affairs. He will also resign as trus
tee of the school. President McClish has
a reputation as an orator, and it is be
lieved many churches will seek his
services.
3
If you, Mr. Reader, owned a
clothing store of your own you ,
would have to pay a manufacturer , . , \u25ba
$ i o for suits as good as these we are j :^S^
retailing to you for Sio. Other re-
tail stores here in San Francisco . /^^^^^w '
have to pay Si o for suits like these, > [i I&JP&I^^
and then they sell them for $15. I^SSI I
We undersell, all other stores ft&^iH 1
because we arc manufacturers, sell- I
ing our clothing at retail through 'K^^^^^^M<^k '
our own stores. We sell to dealers '
.everywhere except in San Fran- I i®^^^S4tf^^^^^^^^9
cisco. Here we sell to the public j
direct at the same prices we ask . .'^^i^i^^^^^^^H /^rvJ I
the trade elsewhere. j l i^^^^^^^H Till
The suit our drummers sell to
some Eastern clothier for $10 at
wholesale is the suit you get for , v i^yP^H||^<
$10. That dealer sells it for Si 5, <|S^^M^^^W &>£fe ,
for he has to make a profit. .
The case is the same here in San ;
Francisco. Othe^ dealers buy suits -^I^^^^S^^^^- &%$* C*
at $10 and sell them for $15. We " *§ti '
manufacture and sell the same suit "'te^^^B^M^fe^^l'J KV^'*"*' *
for $io. Our profit comes on the If^^^^-^fel B* . f^%*\!>?
manufacture of the suit, not on the lip*
retailing of it ~-'S'\ '*»^V^lliP£s W-?' 1
But why should we talk further "^^^lS W?t—§ M
when you can see the proof of this / fjlNllf W^M H W-^^'^frt^'
in the suit itself ? Come in — buy •-/ . ' f^^Ki 7 Vjfl I ? \
one of these Sio suits — examine it ~—l S^ — J lIP I —^ \ —
carefully at horne — then come and *S?Bi I % \
get* your money back if you are /"^^ftp^f "" \
not convinced that the garments ,^^^^pf sS- \ \
are the equal of the $15 suits sold , / «g^____ -fßil \ * • -
That's a fair offer — you run no risk — and at the same time you find out
how to reduce your clothing bill one-third.
These Suits Are for Men end Youths
These suits at $ 1 o are for men and youths — the sizes range from 30 to 42 chest
measure. We can fit a youth of 14 years or a man measuring 42 around the chest.
The lapels, collar, shoulders, trousers and other features where style is ex-
emplified, .embody correct ideas. The patterns are numerous- — you arc sure to
Men's outing suits — coat and pants only — just the thing for your vacation trip — $10.
' \ rf — : \u25a0 — - — : — . ~ •
Men's striped worsted Vtrousers in several different designs and shades, to tone up
that worn coat and vest, from $2.25 to $4.00 a pair.
Ladies are cordially invited to the tree concerts, held daily, from 2 until 5, in the Art
Reception Room of our Powell and Ellis store, fin especially good program will be ren-
dered Saturday afternoon and evening. See the room all the ladies are talking about.
\ £&3 llfilill * Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing H&f|ff*lj£. JtlP?
JMM^y^k^XrX wul gv wLvIl vw vHp^Sr^y^v' '
.£(™S5-S2-^-- 740 Market Street arid Cor. Powell and Ellis *^*\^J/
M \u25a0 - T r H ITV m m . , ,. WES
w avoids this— it goes on and Kb
a* comes off like a coat. Every ' H
M style — all colors warranted. B{
m| $1.50 and more. K
\u25a0R CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. Bf
H| M«ker««fCluett »nd Arrow Collar*. R|THB LATE MAJOR GENERAL
JAMES R. CARNAHAN. A NOTED
KNIGHT Of PYTHIAS.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3. — The Presl-.
dent has appointed William Moore reg
ister and F. S. Hildreth receiver of the
consolidated land office at Phoenix,
Ariz. Moore was register of. the office
at Prescott and Hildreth at the Tucson
office before the three offices were
merged.
Land Office Officials Named.
Nebraska Populists Want Fusion.
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 3. — The Popu
list State Convention has been called
for Wednesday, September 20, at Lin
coln. As this is the date and place
also selected by the Democrats it is
regarded as a bid for fusion.
A personally conducted excursion via Grand
Canyon of Arizona, Denver, Colorado Springs,
Manttou. Garden of the Gods, Pikes Peak, to
Kansas City. * St. Louis. Chicago and many
other Eastern points. Leave San Francisco
Tuesday, August 15. Reservations should bo
made at once. For further particulars inquire
at Santa Fe Office C 53 Market Bt. '- •
Foresters of America Select Santa Fe as
Official Route to Buffalo, N. Y.
SPECIAL EXCURSION EAST AT LOW
RATES.
SCHOONER AY. H. MARSTON
RETURNS TO PORT LEAKING
Vessel Bound for San Francisco Puts
Back to Honolulu In Need of
Repairs.
HONOLULU. 3.— The schooner
W. H. Marston, which left here with a
load of sugar for San Francisco Satur
day, returned here this afternoon In a
leaking condition. The vessel sprung
the leak while at sea. She will be par
tially unloaded that repairs may be
made. It Is not known as yet whether
the cargo wafe damaged or not. Four
passengers were carried by the
schooner.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Aug. 3. — Judge
Barnes of the Nebraska Supreme Court
to-day granted a temporary injunction
against the Nebraska Grain Dealers'
Association, which, it is alleged, is
operating as a trust and in restraint
of trade: The association is forbidden
to pool prices or accept rebates, and.
pending the injunction, the officers of
the association mu3t not act as offi
cers, and new officers roust not b*e elect
ed. The action is brought by the At
torney General of the State under the
law passed by the last Legislature,
framed along tbe lines of the national
Sherman law.
as a Trust and in Restraint
/ of Trade.
AitMociation Is Charged With Operating;
NEBRASKA JUDGE E.VJOIXS
GRXiN DEALERS' COMBINE
They broke the dynamite sticks Into
small pieces and began "playing bat
tle." Wlien Jost and Phelan returned
they were horrified to see what the lads
were doing, but made them desist be
fore any of the dynamite had exploded.
It seems little short of miraculous that
none of the children were blown to
RAWLINS, Wyo., Aug. 3. — While
John Jost and Harry Phelan were re
moving dirt for a lawn from Monument
Hill this morning, they uncovered five
cases of dynamite that had been stolen
and hidden there. While they were
hauling a load of dirt, four boys, rang
ing in ages from 4 to 6 years, discov
ered the boxes- and broke them open.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. 3. — A tem
porary Injunction was issued by Judge
Armstrong in the Third District Court
to-day restraining three Mormon mem
bers of the City Council from voting
for or against the proposed franchise
to the Utah Light and Railway Com
pany, now pending before the Council.
The three members restrained am
Rulon S. Wells, W. J. Tuddenham' and
•A. S. Barnes., Wells is one of the presi
dents of the seventies and the other
two men hold minor church offices. The
ground on which the restraining order
was issued is that these three men. by
virtue of their membership in the Mor
mon church, are interested In the pro
posed franchise, as the church owns
stock In the Utah Light and Railway
Company, and the president of the cor
poration, Joseph F. Smith, is also presi
dent of the Mormon church.
The corporation has a monopoly on
street railway transportation and elec
tric lighting in this city. The proposed
franchise Is designed to consolidate
and extend existing franchises held by
the company.
Mormon Members- of Salt Lake City
Council Are Restrained From ("i
Casting Their Votes.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MAY NOT ACT ON FRANCHISE v
BECAUSE CIIURCH7 HAS STOCK
- NEW' YORK, Aug. 3. — J. H. Mansfield
& Co., a brokerage firm, said to have
been without exchange connections,
which occupied a handsome suite in a
lower Broadway office building, has
suspended and anxious creditors be
sieged the place yesterday, seeking
some explanation. No member of the
firm could be found. Their only con
solation was a placard on the door
reading:
"Business temporarily suspended;
will resume in a few days."
According to the firm's letterheads
the concern w"as incorporated with a
capital of $100,000. It had been in
business only six months and catered
largely to women, forty of whom gath
ered about the closed rooms and stared
ruefully at the notice of suspension.
Clients 'In Xew York of J. H. Mansfield
A- Co. Find Ominous Xotlce on
Office Door.
WOMEX BESIEGE OFFICE
OP SUSPENDED BROKER
LONDON, Aug. 3. — The session In
the House of Commons this afternoon
was taken up with a discussion of the
foreign policy. £arl Percy, Under Sec
retary for Foreign Affairs, said that,
under the present circumstances, it was
impossible to discuss the changes in
the Far East that might be brought
about by the war or changes that it
might be desirable to introduce in the
Anglo- Japanese alliance when it was
thought right t© renew If He noted
with satisfaction that all agreed upon
the desirability of renewing 3uch an
alliance. He thought that the general
state of Europe presented no cause for
anxiety.
Reverting to the Far East, he said it
was true that, while Great Britain, in
common with other countries, was los
ing trade! in China, Japan's trade in
that country was increasing. Efforts
were being made to obtain fresh mar
kets in the interior, and China had
promised, If the Chinese were unable
to finance the proposed railroad through
the Yangtse Valley to Redstone Basin,
in the province of Szechuan, to apply
first to British and American capital to
build It. Great Britain, he said, was
now negotiating with France for the
Joint construction of the line.
YOUNGSTERS PLAY
WITH DYNAMITE
Throw Pieces of Explosive at
One Another in Mimic
Battle.
You would like to and could own one
of the Homes advertised In Sunday's
CALL.
City or Suburban — as yon please— sold
on InHtnllmenta. Item! the ads.
The merchant "who wasn't sure wheth
er advertisements were read, and who,
to test it, advertised an article, which
he didn't have in stock, is still trying
to explain.
Great Britain and Other Na
tions Suffer Loss of
Commerce.
Former Official of the Southern Pacific
Passes Away.
SAN JOSE, Aug. S. — James G. Gould,
for many years a resident of this city,
dropped dead of heart disease at Angelss
Camp this morning. For many years
Gould was chief claim adjuster of the
Southern Pacific Company, having been
appointed to that position by the late
Iceland Stanford. He was a native of
Massachusetts and 68 years of age. He
!s survived by the following children:
E. C. Gould, Mrs. Anna Cabajal and
.Mrs. William Kayser of this city; Frank
Gould of Angels Camp and Thomas and
L. S. Gould of San Francisco. The re
mains will be brought to this city to
morrow afternoon.
RENO, Aug. 3.— The long, bitter war
that has been waged for a century or
more between the Washoe and the Piute
Indians, two of the strongest tribes In
Nevada, was brought to an end in Reno
to-day. Both tribes have declared peace,
agreed to forget the past and in honor of
the event will hold a big dance near here
beginning on the afternoon of August 13.
The dance will last for six days, and In
dians /rom both tribes from every section
of tho State will be asked to attend.
The peace arrangements were made be
tween Captain Dave of the Piutes and
Captain Pete of the Washoes, both the
recognized leaders of their respective
tribes. They spent more than an hour to
day talking over the details. It was the
first time the Indians had spoken since
the beginning of hostilities. The feud has
been handed down from father to son. In
the early days it resulted in a bloody war
nearly annihilating both tribes. In all
about 4000 Indians are affected.
COMPANY OFFICIALS
BEFORE GRAND JURY
Death Calls a Pioneer.
SANTA ANA, Aug. 3. — H. P. Willard,
aged SO years, one of the early Califor
nia settlers, died at Tustin to-day. He
came here thirty years ago, having liv
1 ed formerly in San Luis Obispo and
Sacramento. Two sons, C. F. Willar-1
of Tustin and A. G. Willard of Del
Js'orte, survive.
Inquiry Continued Into Af
fairs of the Watsonville
Concern.
Dies After Long Illnesa.
VACAVILLE, Aug. 3. — Mrs. Ida M.
Emith. wife of Frederick M. Smith, a
\rell-known fruitgrower, died this
morning. She had been ill for more
than a year. She was 41 years of age.
The funeral will be held from the resi
dence near Vacaville on Saturday after
•noon, August 5.
NOBLE WOMAX PASSES AWAY.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 3.— The Grand
Jury spent all or to-day investigating the
alleged irregularities of W. J. Rogers and
H. EL Main of San Jose, former officials
of Hie Watsonville TranspoFtation Com
pany,' and concluded the taking of testi
mony to-night. A large number of wit
nesses from Watsonville, as well as Rog
ers and Main themselves, were examined.
John Clement, bookkeeper of the electric
road, was subpenaed. In a suit by the
stockholders against the company now
pending it Is alleged that Main erased
that part of the minutes which recorded
the transfer of 6000 shares of stock, of
the value of $360,000, to W. J. Rogers, the
former general manager. This book was
produced by Clement and examined by
the Grand Jury.
Mrs. Margaret Healy Rxp!re» After a
Lingering Illnena.
Mrs. Margaret Healy, one of the pio
neer \romen of the Pacific Coast, died
at her home, 637 Hyde street, early
yesterday morning. For the last year
Mrs. Healy had suffered from a cancer,
• and though every medical attention
was given her, old age counted against
;Jher and death resulted.
. ' Mrs. Healy was TO years of age, a
Special Dif^atch to The Call.
JAPAN GAINING
CHINA'S TRADE
Waslipes and Piutes, After
Entire Century of Warfare,
Smoke the Pipe of Peace
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— "A male gossip is
a pest," declared Justice Charlton at the
Hyde Park Police Station, when he fined
Lewis Kars to-day. Mrs. Frederick An
ders, a widow, who admitted\ she was en
gaged to be married a second time, was
the complainant.
"He has been circulating stories in the
neighborhood about me," »said Mrs.
Anders. "I do not think it Is right for
a man to tell what he thinks he knows
and not care whether he injures a person
or not." y
Kars was fined $5 and costs.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
INDIAN TRIBES
BURY HATCHET
Fines Man for Circulating
Stories Reflecting Upon
a Woman.
GRAND JUNCTION, Colo.. Augf. 3.—
The Uintah registration rush In this
city jj apparently is at an end. Only
about 500 hameseekers came in on to
day's train. Three of the register
clerks were relieved from duty here
to-day and ordered to report to A. W.
Richards, commissioner of the Lapd
Department at Pro vo, Utah.
Mayor I. N. Dunning and the Cham
ber of Commerce have telegraphed to
Commissioner Richards asking him to
change the ruling rejecting registra
tion applications of veterans on blanks
not furnished by the Government.
Five hundred veterans in Eastern
States who have used such blanks, It is
asserted, will not have time to secure
and file the Government blanks before
the close of registration.
COURT SAYS A MALE
GOSSIP IS A PEST
Cannot Win Uintali Lands
Unless Land Office
Changes Ruling.
WAE VETERANS" LOSE
CHANCE FOE HOMES
DEATII OP JASIES GOULD.
t^)S ANGELES. Aug." 3. — Bishop
Conaty 'received word this evening
through a cablegram that the Right
Eev. Francis Mora, former Bishop of
this Catholic diocese, had died in Spain.
Eishop Mora left here about twelve
years ago. He was 65 years old.
Born in 1527, he entered the priesthood
in 1556, being consecrated in the old Plaza
Church in this city, which was founded
by the Mission fathers. In IS7I he was
made Vicar General and went to Rome
lor a year. Two ysars later he became
Coadjutor to Bishop Amat, and, by a
Eirange coincidence, his death occurred on
the thirty-second anniversary of his ele
vation- to that position. When the death
of Bishop Amat occurred in IST>, Mon
eipnor Mora succeeded him. He presided
over the destinies of the diocese until
1596, when failing health and advanced
ape caused him to retire. He was suc
ceeded by Bishop George Montgomery,
now of San Francisco.
Soon after his retirement he left for
Spain to spend the even-.ng of his life
with other aged members of the priest
hood, many of whom he had known for
years. During his administration as
Bishop he witnessed a wonderful growth
throughout the diocese. He celebrated
the lirst mass in St. Vibianas Cathedral
in this city when that church was build
ing. In fact; the building of it was due
largely to his personal efforts. He was
widely known throughout the West.
Former n*-n«l of Lo» Anffelea Diocese
I'anseo Vnaj- it: «paln.
BISHOP FItA.VCIS 5108.A DEAD.
GRAND JUNCTION, Colo., Aug. 3.—
Mrs. R. Bertnall became the mother of a
girl -baby yesterday on Rio Grande
senger train No. 3, just as the train was
crossing the hanging bridge in the Royal
Gorge. Her husband is Superintendent of
Schools at Fruita, a town ten miles west
of Grand Junction. Mrs. Bertnall reached
home last night, and mother and babe
are doing well. She had been visiting
relatives in Denver and was en route
home when she became ill suddenly at
Canon City, near the entrance to the
gorge.
Dr. Orrin McKnight Mitchell of New
York, a passenger, was summoned by
the conductor and cared for Mrs. Bert
nall. Mother and baby were made com
fortable in a berth of a sleeper and
reached home none the worse for the
experience.
Passengers on the train, particularly
the women, were tremendously Interested
in the' case.
' Jamos R. Carnahan was born at Day
ton, Ind., on Nov. 38. l&il. Joining the
Knights of Pythias a -.4 he founded
the Uniform rank, and was elected its
firet major general in ISB4, which po
sition he had hold ever since. He is
survived 'by a widow and three daugh
ters. Mrs. 11. G. Ashbrook of Cleveland,
Ohio; Mrs. Michael Steelbright of Su
perior. Wis.. and Mrs. Ralph Hess of
Fort Collins, Colo.
INDIANAPOLIS. Aug. S. — General
James R. Carnahan, major general of
the' Uniform rank. Knights of Pythias,
died to-day at his home in Woodruff
Place after an illness of two weeks.
The ' cause of dea..- was stomach
trouble.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Another special session will be called
as soon as Norway is ready to act on
the Swedish conditions.
STOCKHOLM, Aug. 3.— King Oscar,
who was recently created a German
admiral by Emperor William, to-day
visited the German squadron, which ar
rived here last night. Mis Majesty
gave a fete to-night- in honor of the
squadron.
The extraordinary session of the
Riksdag was brought to a close to-day.
King Oscar was not present, but was
represented by the new Premier, Chris
tian Lundeborg. In declaring the ses
sion closed the Speaker of the lower
house said the situation contained dis
quieting elements, but Sweden would
be absolved from blame if a breach
occurred, after the offer made by the
Riksdag.
Friendly comment on the" pending
cruise from German Baltic ports created
the belief that It will help along King
Edward's desire for good relations be
tween Germany and Great Britain, and
the announcement of Emperor Wil
liam's support of the candidacy of
Prince • Charles of Denmark for the
Norwegian throne la accepted as an In
dication that the* German ruler pro
poses to work in the same direction.
The report is revived that Emperor
William will meet Kins Edward dur
ing the latter's forthcoming trip to
Marienbad. ,
LONDON. Aug. 3. — The forthcoming
visit of a British fleet to tho Baltic Sea
appears more than likely to mark the
beginning of more cordial relations be
tween Germany and Great Britain In
stead, as has been suggested in some
quarters, of adding to the friction now
existing. The proposed visit was known
to the German OSce months
ago and suggestions that objections to
it were raised by Germany were un
founded. Ernest George Prettyman,
secretary to the Admiralty, to-day in
reply to questions said definitely that
no protest regarding the visit of the
fleet had been received.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Aug. 3.—
Former Lieutenant Governor John A.
Lee resumed his testimony to-day in the
trial of Senitor F. H. Farris on- the
charge of bribery. Lee's denial at the
former trial of Farris that he (Lee)
wrote the letter sending the $7000 in ques-"
tion back to p. J. Kelley of New York,
representative' of the baking powder in
terests, was taken up in a severe cross
examination by the defense. Several
checks from Kelley to Lee were intro
duced and. identified, but were not ad
mitted in evidence by Judge Davis, who
ruled that the inquiry should be limited
to transactions that took place in St.
Louis. .
This precludes the introduction of a
number of, letters and checks which the
defense intended to offer as evidence.
When the cross-examniation was com
pleted, the State took the witness on
redirect examination. Lee testified con
cerning "the letter purporting to return
$7000 to Kelley, which at the former trial
he had denied writing, but yesterday ad
mitted that he had written by saying
that he had written the letter Jbecause
he feared that there might be trouble at
some time and the letter was for the
purpose of covering up the transaction
concerning the conveyance of the $7000,
but that ha did not return the .$7OOO to
Kelley.
Witness Says He Did Not Re
turn the $7000, but Wished
to Hide the Transaction
Hopes to Establish Cordial
Relations Between London
and Berlin Governments
Women Passengers Greatly
Interested in Their In
fant Fellow Traveler
EPISTLE ONLY A BLIND
Founder and First High
. Officer of the Uniform Rank
of the Powerful Order
HELD IX HIGH lIOXOR
PLAN QF KING EDWARD
Former Lieutenant Governor
ofr Missouri Takes Back
Denial of.. Former Trial
BOTH ARE DOING ATOLL
Little One Comes Into Being
While Mother Is Crossing
Royal Gorge in Cplorado
Visit of British Warships to
the Baltic Designed to
Please the German Nation
DEATH CALLS
NOTED PYTHIAN
Major General James K. Car
nalian Succumbs to 111
: ness at Indianapolis Home
ACKNOWLEDGES
LETTER AS HIS
FLEET'S CRUISE
TO BE FRIENDLY
BABE IS BORN
ABOARD TRAIN
NAPA, Aug. 3. — Con Workover, vho
resides on a farm . near Calistoga, w:'.s
brought to Napa this afternoon ami
placed in the county Jail on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. The
complaint was sworn out to-day before
Justice Ashton of Calistoga by F. Chev
alier, charging that Workover shot at
him four times with a rifle at Chev
alier's place. Workover went to see
Chevalier about business matters and
an altercation arose between the two
men. Chevalier claims that Workover
became angry, seized a rifle and shot
four, times at him ::%_\u25a0
Con "Wbrkover of Callstogra Accused of
Opening Fire Upon F.
Chevalier.
IHHMiSS CONFERENCE
.. RESULTS IX SHOOTING
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 3. — Harry
Young of Seattle, R. Brechin and Harry
Kline, both of Vancouver, were ar
rested to-day, charged with being river
bandits. Numerous accusations of boat
stealing and thefts of nets and outfits
from fishermen are made against them.
It 13 also alleged that before daybreak
this morning they held up several Jap
anese fishermen in boats off the Fraser
eand heads. It is charged that they
held pistols at the heads of their vic
tims and made them 1 relinquish boats,
gear and everything, they had of value,
in several instances forcing their vic
tims to swim ashore. The arrested men
are all well known to the police.
Several Japanese Fnll Victims of
Gang: of Hen In the
Xorth.
ROBBED AND MADE TO SWIM
ashore: by river piratks
native of Ireland, and came to the
coast In the days of the gold excite
ment. She was a loving mother, a
woman renowned for v benevolence, and
she possessed a noble -and sterling
character. She leaves two sons and
two daughters: Alfred J. Healy, a well
known newspaper man; W. H. Healy of
the Healy-Tibbitts Construction Com
pany, Mrs. Gertrude Cowles and Mrs.
Henry Smith. A requiem mass will be
said for the repose of the soul of the
deceased at St. Mary's Cathedral at 9
o'clock to-morrow morning, after
which the interment will take place in
Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST : 4, 1905..
4
tfCHll^y? AND
LEASING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THB
WEST.
24 Post St.. San Francisco. Cat.
Eatab. 43 rears. Open entire year, day & nltSt.
Writ* for circulars <fre«).
POL YTECHNiC
Duslnens Collfcr and School of Eail-
neerinr* Oakland, California.
Great Bu«lne«s University of the- Weil: finest '
balldingr In U. S. for business college work: 1000
rtudenta: Ideal climate: borne Influences: 109
Typing Machines. Pitman or Greg* Shortaand.
Finest Banking Offices In America— Modsra.
Tuition, board and all expenses low.
Graduates securs best paying position*.
Civil. Electrical. Mining Engineering.
— — —^— _ ___ _ — — — — —
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES ASO GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
Seminary course accredited to the- unfrwrsttS**
and leading Eastern colleg-ar rarw opportunlt!«« 1
offered In music, art ans elocution. Thirty-
ninth year. Fall term opens Wednesday. Au-
gust 16. 1903. Write for cataJoirue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT,
MILLS COLLEGE P. P.. CAL>
Every graduate 9! this college, and
many taking only partial courses
have good positions. We can get
places for 500 this year. Yott can ba
one of them. Write for Cata-
logue "A." -i _p
San Francisco Business College
738 Mission Street, San Francisco.
YON MEYERINCK §?S&6
Established 1595.
841 Fulton St.. San Francisco
Offers all the advantages of European and
Eastern conservatories for a thorough mu-
sical education. Pupils prepared for cßurdi
and concert work and the operattc »tag».
Special Summer Coime tor Teachers.
Prosoectus upon application.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
1575. GEORGE BATES. M. A.. Fndr. 1005.
College Preparatory Courses for Boy*
of All Asm.
Fall term opens August 2S. Catalogue by
mall. ARTHUR C. WILLAP.D. S. R. prin-
cipal. 2310 Clay st.. Pan Francisco. f
| M/\/V\HIN SCHQO- | J
ANO VAN NE33 3EMINI3Y.
1549 Jackson St.. S. F. Boarding and Day
School for Girls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
riven to music. Reopens Tuesday, August 8.
1005. SARAH D. HAMLI.V, Principal.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and raediea! co.leges: 13 well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Coma
and be with us; we prepare you well; refer-
ences. Professor Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan byildinsr.
L. H. PRATT. Ph.D.. Principal.
fTTTTf* M >» H BUSINESS COLLEGE, .
if \Yi Q B &^i T - :: J ? ar!{et street. San
Bil IW J pJ>a\ Francisco. Strongest
Illy il btVI Courses. Lowest Rates.
lltl |l \ sa^tf Every student pleased.
'"'""' **--* Positions for all. liust-
nesa. Shorthand. Typewriting. Write to-day
fcr new catalogue — FREE.
Miss Vest's School far Gfrls,
COl4 Van N>as av«nu». op*ns Ausrust lib", IDOS.
Home and Day School: Kind^rsrarten ; accred-
ited by leading colleges.
MARY B. WE3T. Principal.
Boone's University School for Boys
BEIIKKLEY. CALIF.
Commences Its twenty-fifth year Mon-
day, Augrust the 7th.
MISS HEAD'S SCHOOL
Berkeley — Boarding and Day School for Girls.
253S Charming way. Pleasant home life, lars*
garden, gymnasium. Accredited to University of
California, Stanford. Vassar. Smith. Wellesiey.
Term Opens August 9. 1905.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles and
little girls. 2129 California street. 'Will reop»a
August 7, 1900. Accredited by the universities.
MRS. EDWARD B. CHURCH. IT.E.L.. Prlno't
ANDERSON ACADEMY £3
IRVINGTOX, CALIFORNIA.
UNSURPASSED.
TERM BEGINS AUGUST 19.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
S. MARGARET'S HALL
Full Academic and College Preparatory
Courses, aa well as thorough Primary Instruc-
tion. Music under the direction of Master*.
Fcr full Illustrated book addreu Miss ELEA-
NOR TEBP-ETTS. Principal. San Mateo. CaL
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAX RAFAEL.
Christmas term, will commence Angnst 13.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEI* CAI*
School Tear Begin* August 18th.
Junior School Separate. ;
ARTHUR CROSBY. D. D.. Head Master.
HARKER-HUGHES SCHOOL
FOR GIRLS AT PAIX> ALTO.
College preparatory. Pleaamat home ilf*.
Music education nader a .puptl of Calvin BL
Cady. Accredited to Vassar and Weliesiey.
Opens August 21. ISOB. 1121 Bryant Street.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL
San Mateo. Cai. Trinity term, will begin Aug.
17. 1805. For catalogue address Rev. William
A. Brewer. A. 8.. Rector and Headmaster.
BEAULIEU
A boarding and day school for girls; number *
limited; 11th year. 2601 College aye.. Berkeley.
COLLEGE OF NOTRE DAME.
BAN JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boardi ac
student*. Fifty-fourth year. Courses: Class.
leal. Literary. Scientific. • Conservatory. Coll»*% \
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Ptt- A
mary Classes. Studies resumed Thursday. Au-
gust 17. 1905. _^____
DIXON COLLEGE. Oakland. CaL—
"EDUCATE FOR PROFIT." Specialists la
Gregg Shorthand. Touch Typing. Bookkeeping
Penmanship and Preparatory Studies. Life*
Scholarship. 160; six months. $50; one month.
110. Individual Instruction; day and night.
Write for prospectus.
THE PAIL CERSOV SCHOOL OF"
ACTI.VG — The largest institution devot-
ed exclusively to dramatic learning ia Amer-
tca. POSITIONS GUARANTEED. PuplU
may enter any time. Send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bu tld In x
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOaA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of th*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market et.. S. K— <Send for Circular.)
RDTTQ U Vi Q FOR barbers, bak- •
DnUOilLu er ». bootblack*, bath-
houses, billiard fables. •
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canner*. '
dyers, flour mills, foundries. laundries, paper- \
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta- J
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eto. *J
BUCHAXAX BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 60d Sacramento St
FORMERLY THE KENT & ALLEN TRACT AND ALLEN HOME PLACE
Virgin Forests of Redwoods^ Laurels, Bays, Oaks, J \ ;
FINE ROADS AND BRIDGES— WATER— -SEWERS
no saloons ;,„- '^ nnoTi^r7KT/^r?o w no business
NO RESORTS FOR Hfc NO CAMPING
WITH A REQUIREMENT FOR MINIMUM COST
\u25a0 FOR ALL INFORMATION APPLY TO r /
Croker & Go. Geo. A. Raymond
rtv/OO ' iKJ^. IVIIJ-.JLIO DL*LJKJI. 3 Or .
PR- PIEKCE'S RL^IEDIES.
THE REAL QUESTION.
/jrs y\ rra ' question of disease
S&) Fa is "Can I b<» cured?" If you
J|f or anyone dear to you Is
. /&? losing strength, flesh, energy
•' » •£r and vitality, if you are wise
Bf you will not spend time try-
m ' ing to figure out just what
I name to call the disease by.
* It is almost Impossible to
;. \u25a0\u25a0& draw the line where debility
and weakness merge into
i consumption. Your trouble may not bo
consumption to-day, but you don't know
•• what it may become to- -v- - \u25a0 • .
' moTTou-. Hundreds of L'-^ ;.„ ,t£
peoplo have been re- "^\u25a0fiffi'^J^/"]
etored to robust health pP>rtflS§?l|«raa
.theVfn Sfbv^l^ *^T>
consurnt>- -^^^x. <£i^Ni \u25a0
tion? No- ' \^^^
ever know. — SFA^^"* \
•'Tho important point is that they were
•copelessly ill but this matchless "Dis-
covery \u25a0 restored and saved them.
«I was not *ble to do hardly any work at
all.- says Mrs. Jennie Dlngman. of f anburcn.
Kalkaska Co. Mich, in a most Interest ini
letter to Dr. Pierce. "I had pain in my left
c do and back, and bad headache all tho
time.. I tried your medicine and it brined
"rae. Last spMng 1 1 bad a bad couth: I eot v»
bad I had to be in bod all the time,
>*Mi husband thought I bad consumption
He wanted me to ijet a doctor, but I tclJ him
• If It was consumplion they could not help
me. We thought we would try I>r. PierceV
Golden Medical Discovery and before I hai"
taken one bottle tho cougii was stopped ant:
I have bad no more of it returning Your
medicine Is the best I have taken."
Write to Dr. R. V. Pierce. He will sent"
tou good, fatherly, professional advice
in a plain sealed envelope, absolutely
free. His nearly 40 years experionce tv
chief consulting physician of the In-
valids' Hotel, at Buffalo, N. V., has made
him ac expert In chronic diseases.
c - Constipation " causes and- aggravates
many serious diseases. It. is thoroughly
<wred by Dr. Pierre's Pleasani P«n-«iResolved,' by the Building : Trades Council
in- regular session assembled. That we request
and -urge upon the members of all the afflli
iated, unions, \u25a0friends," sympathizers: and fair
minded citizens the necessity of voting at the
primaries on next Tuesday; August 8; and be
it further
The following. resolutions, submitted
by O. A. Tveitnioe. have been. adopted
by the Building \u25a0Trades- Council:
Whereas, The Building Trades Council of
San Francisco, true to its past, record, is desir
ous of promoting good government and encour
aging its thousands of affiliated members to a
faithful performance of their civic duty; there
fore be It \u25a0
PRIMARY ELECTIOJV.
. MISS HAZEL BELL GIVEN BENEFIT.-*
A benefit performance was tendered Miss Hazel
Bell, a young actress, at Golden Gate Hall
last evening. Miss Bell Intends going East to
complete her dramatic stucnes. and her frlenda *
took this way to show their appreciation.
The gas trust is represented by D. A.
White. "Little Dick" O'Connor of the
lottery company is laboring with White
and the secretary of the lottery com
pany is - one of the , delegates. Tho
decent Democrats assert that they are
bound to, win, but are concerned merely
in the^ght in their own district.
In the Fortieth District a Democratlo
fight is being made against a combina
tion representing the gas trust and the
Little Louisiana Lottery. The ticket
representing the clean Democrats Is
composed of A. D. D'Ancona, C. T. Ry
land, Michael Ferrell, P. Farnsworth,
Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr., Isador Gutte,
Allen G. Wright, A. P. Dessouslavy.
Montague Moses, William Barry, Wil
liam A. Costello, Edgar Apperson' and
David S. Hlrshberg., . ;i, -
Decent Element Combines Against Gas
Trust and Lottery. •
FIERCE FIGHT IN FORTIETH.
P. 11. McCarthy Is Requested to An
swer a Few Questions.
The following: open letter from J.
Vance Thompson to P. H. McCarthy Is
readable:
To P. H. McCarthy, President of th« Building
Trades Council— Sir: Since you havo taken
upon yourself the right of dictator of the
union men of this city and have declared
all who will not submit to the dictation of
yourself or ypur master, Abe Ruef, to be In
league with the Citizens* Alliance, I would
like to know from you a few things which do
not appear exactly right to my mind.
How Js It, McCarthy, tnat you are at this
I tinfe declaring with a loud mouth that Abe
Ruef, a mercenary politician. Is the great
champion of labor, when only laet November,
during the Congressional campaign, you de
clared very forcibly on the Btre«t corners that
he was the greatest raacal unhung? What has
prompted your attack upon John E. McDougald,
a union man of long standing and unblemished
record? How did Harry Gray of the firm of
Gray Brothers bring about tne conciliation be
tween yourself and Abe Kuef? Why Is the
product of Gray Brothers considered fair by
you when they employ over 100 non-union men
on their plant and work them longer hours
nnd pay them SO cents per day less wages than
the fair employer* of the same Industry in
this city? And what becomes of the money
thus saved?
How Is it that the schedule for hauling ma
terial for Gray Brothers Is lower than that of
other firms, and why do their team«ters have
to work longer hours? What prompted you, on
the very eve of this coming primary election,
to stuff the executive board of the United La
! bor League, destroy the efforts of union men
i for clean representation, ani close the rolls of
' the league to prevent it again pursuing the
policy tor which It was organized?
These ara some Questions which I ehouM
like to have answered. There are many other
matters pertaining to your policies which would
be made plainer with the calcium of exposure,
but for the present can you answer these, and
answer them quickly, or perhaps you may not
be able to deliver the goods in the shape of
the unions into the grasping clutches of your
master Ab« Ruef, it the coming primary.
" ' . J. VANCE THOMPSON.
BREEZY OPE\ LETTER.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 3. — Fifty members of
the State Sempervlrens Club of San Jose '
and, San Francisco left by train, this
morning: for tha Bis Basin, where they
will maintain a camp for the next two
months. The party was in charge of*
Andrew P. Hill of this city, chairman of
the committee. of arrangements or? the
State Sempervirens Club. Others will
join the camp from time to time. From
Boulder Creek the party will be con*
veyed by teams to the camp ground.
One of the objects of maintaining tha
camp is to get people into the Big Basin
and showj them the grandeur of trie
place and create a sentiment that will.,
result In building a road Into the park'
and otherwise Improving it. gg^ji * *
Fifty Members of the State Semperrt-.
rens Club Will Remain for
Tiro Month*.
WILL MALXTAIX A CAMI»
IX BIG BASIX COUNTRY "
John Barrett, the newly appointed
American Minister to Colombia, arrived
In San Francisco yesterday from Wash
ington and Is staying at the St Francis
Hotel. Minister Barrett, while accred
ited to Colombia and ostensibly on his
way to his new post of duty, after sev
eral months' service In the republic of
Panama, is hero in connection with the
commercial relations existing between
the United States and China, particu
larly as regards the boycott inaugu
rated by the Chinese guilds against
. American products. v
He insists, however, that his mission
is not of an official character — that is.
he has not been commissioned to come
to the coast, but has made it his per
sonal business to come this way in or
d»r to acoualnt himself with the feel
ing of the people of the coast as to the
boycott and Incidentally Interview
somo of the merchants who are en
gaged In the Oriental trade.
Minister Barrett, while conceding
that the Chinese guilds are all-power
ful in their country, where they repre
sent the bone and sinew of the nation,
is of the opinion that the present alarm
shown by the people of this country
over the action of the Chinese Is un
necessarily exaggerated. He firmly be
lieves that whatever grievances tha
Chinese guilds have will soon be dis
pelled when they are made to realize
that our Government is disposed to act
fairly with them In the matter of Im
migration.
PREDICTS CHANGE OF POLICY.
He Is also of the opinion that our fu
ture policy as regards the Orient will
depend much upon the results of the
peaco conference between the repre
sentatives of Japan and Russia, and
predicts that the next two years will
witness a great change in the policy
of the United States. Such a change
will be attended with a noticeable im
provement of our commercial relations
in the Far' East. .
Of the situation in Panama. Minister
Barrett said: ':?P\k
' Since my return from Panama I have read
much in the papers as to the feeling of the
people of the Pacific Coast, and especially of
the merchants of San francisco. that the open
ing of that great waterway will seriously af
fect commerce here, in that your port will lose
much of the Pacific traffic mat it now enjoys.
While this - may be «the case for a time, you
will eventually realize rnai the caual is a
benefit to the coast, for what you may lose in
one direction you will gain twofold In another.
- When the Suez canal was under construction
Bombay loudly protested that the commerce of
the Orient would pasa its port and that its peo
ple would • suffer by the fact. \u25a0-. instead, history
Fhows us , that the trade at Bombay, after the
canal was finished, increased as It had never
done before. . '.',
Our people should not worry over the yellow
fever and •- other i objectionable conditions that
have been encountered at the Isthmus, for they
ara conseauences ; that r««iH s from : »n» creat
SAN BERNARDINO, Auff. 3.-^Toha
Harrington and Miss Bes3le Leland of
El Campo, San Diego County, applied'
late this evening for a marriage license. •
saying they wanted to be married In the
middle of the Salton Sea. When asked'
by the County Clerk why they had se
lected such an extraordinary place tha
young man replied that that was hia
business and his bride's. They wera
sent to Riverside, the Salton Sea being
In that county. Harrington Is said' to .
be the son of a wealthy grain grower of *
El Campo.
BpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call. . \
Minister to Colombia Thinks
Chinese Guilds Will Soon
Change Present Attitude
Dr. Ward yesterday told Foreman An
drews of the Grand Jury that he could
make a thorough investigation of the
alleged illegal registration at the City
and County Hospital at his convenience
notwithstanding the objections of. Su
perintendent McQuaid. The meeting of
the Grand Jury, which was to have been
held to-day was postponed after this
announcement, but Andrews will in
spect the institution Saturday or Mon
day.
Two discrepancies were found in the
registration at the Almshouso yester
day by Foreman Andrews in allowing
forty-one incorrlgibles to register. It
is said that they are governed by the
same laws as though serving a term in
prison. Twenty per cent of those on
the register had left the Institution.
Andrews will make a further inspec
tion of the lncorrigibles case to-day
and order the names of the absent
voters stricken from the list
A new Grand Jury will be formed aa
aoon as Judge Lawlor returns from his
vacation, about August 14. Andrews
was notified yesterday to have his re
port for the year made out by August
19. Judge Muraskey Is presiding dur
ing Judge Lawlor's absence and will
hear any ' indictment cases that may
come up.
Dr. Ward Gtve» Foreman Andrew* Per
mission to* Examine Registration.
WILL CALL McQUAID'S BLUFF.
Eefuse to Divulge Eeason for
Choice of Strange
Location. > *.
BARRETT TALKS
OF THE BOYCOTT
COUPLE WILL WED
IN THE SALTOX SEA".
' After being introduced by Beatty,
Eggers In turn introduced the audience
to the character and quality of the men
that have been chosen as delegates to
the Republican convention. One by one
he eulogized them as representing the
best element and as standing for hon
est government. Following that the
speaker adverted to his stand with the
Board of Supervisors on the gas rates
and was cheered to the echo.
L. H. Anderson was also introduced
and^made a stirring speeoh that added,
to the enthusiasm. Following the
speakers came several vocal selections
by popular members of the club and
then an adjournment was taken until
a plentiful supply of refreshments was
consumed. A resolution setting forth
the stand of the club against the cor
rupt municipal control was adopted
unanimously and the Republican
League was given three rousing cheers
as the members Quitted the hall.
The Republicans comprising the San
Francisco League Club of the Thirty
sixth Assembly District turned out jn
full force last night in Harmony Hall
and gave voice to the demand of re
sp.ectable citizens that the politics and
administration of the city be cleansed.
H. N. Beatty, the well-known attorney,
presided and the principal speaker of
the evening was Supervispr Fred
Eggers.
Republican Lensruem . of the Thirty-
Sixth Hold Big Rally.
•WANT CLEAN ADMINISTRATION.
\u25a0William H, Gleeson, Jeweler, 123 Eddy —
Moved.
Jence Sorensen, cook, 123 Eddy — Moved.
Willis Markham. plasterer. IS Turk — Never
heard of him.
Charles F. Leahy, chemist, 135 Mason —
Never heard of him.
James H. O'Neill, actor, 135 Mason — Never
heard of him.
Walter C. Smith, clerk, 135 Mason — Never
heard of him.
Edward Sweeney, actor, 135 Mason — Never
heard of him.
.Franklin Smith, clerk, 135 Mason — Never
heard of him.
Samuel M. Brooks, bartender. 135 Mason —
Do not know him.
Edward R. Bell, clerk, 135 Mason — Do not
know him.
Harry C. Brooks, bartender, 135 Mason — Do
not know him
Abram B. Cluff, electrician. 135 Mason — Do
not know him.
Charleton Constlne, bartender, 135 Mason —
Do not know him.
Henry de Benardl. proprietor, 135 Mason —
Not here.
Martin Egan. clerk. 135 Mason — N<ot here.
Frank J. Frayne, clerk. 135 Mason — Not here.
Ingval \Tohnson, journalist, 135 Maaon — not
there.
William A. Jackson, lawyer, 135 Mason — Not
there.
Paul Domanchln. restaurant-keeper, 28 Turk
— Never heard of him. '
Amos A. Gafflgan, salesman, 26 Turk — Never
heard of him.
Marshall Lewis, clerk, 26 Turk — Moved.
Joseph J. Davis, teamster, 117 Eddy — Not
here; never beard of him.
Edmunson, Janitor, 117 Eddy — Not here;
never heard of him.
Eldridge Falrfleld. olerk, 117 Eddy— Not hers;
never beard of him.
John Kilkenny, teamster, 117 Eddy — Not
bere; never heard of him.
John Leonard, canvasser, 117 Eddy — Not
here; never heard of him.
Julius Kietz, electrician, 117 Eddy — Not here;
cever heard of him.
Eugene Tacker, civil engineer. 89 Turk —
Moved.
Ernest F. Smith, cl»rk. 89 Turk— Not kown
bere.
Domenico QsJandrlna, laborer. 39 Turk —
Never heard of him.
Simon Carlson, bartencer, 89 Turk — Don't
know him.
Joseph J. Mackey, bartender, 10 Turk—
Never heard of him.
Francis P. Barrett, clerk, 12 Turk — Gone to
Sacramento.
Herbert Patrick, clerk. 12 Turk — Never heard
of him.
CINCT.
PRBCINCT.
Chester Noble. 21, laborer, 989 Howard— Not
here.
Nick Darlareas, merchant, SO5 Howard-
Does not live here.
Samuel Burke Jr., teamster, 9CI Howard—
Not here.
Charles H. Eisenhut. bridge builder. 921
Howard— Moved ; 246 Townsend.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT— FIFTH PRECINCT.
George H. 'Gilbert, agent, 1165 Mission-
Never lived here.
Paul Anderson, rigger, 639 Minna — Not
known here.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT— NINTH PRECINCT.
John F. GlucV stableman, 202 Sixth— Not
known here.
Adam Heller, miner, 203 Sixth — Gon« per
manently.
Frederick Kenay, stableman, 202 Sixth— Not
known here.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT— FIRST PRECINCT.
Robert C. Brooks, clerk, 1151 Market — Moved.
Theodore Elben. bartender, 1151 Market — Not
known here.
John Welsh. lather, 1141 Market— Moved.
Robert D. Hunter. Ironworker, 2S Seventh —
Not known here.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT— SECOND PRE-
James Phelan, clerk, 152 Fourth — Does not
live bere.
TWENTY - NINTH DISTRICT — SEVENTH
CTNCT.
CINCT.
Amln Damus, merchant. 327 Clementina —
Not here.
Hildicg- C. Dahlcren. elevator constructor,
445 Clementina — Never lived here.
Daniel G. Donovan, shoe clerk, 445 Clemen
tina^ — Never lived here.
Robert J. Smith, laborer, 820 Folsom — Not
here.
Ernest Jordens, saloon, S2O Folsom — Not
here.
John Blcelow. teamster, 229% Sixth-
Moved.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT— FIFTH PRE-
CINCT.
L«roy S. Wood, Üborer, 119 Fifth— No such
person here.
Van Dyer, laborer. 81S Howard — Gone to Ne
vada.
William Clyde Bowen. bartender, 126 Fourth
— Not here.
James G. ! Conlan. attorney. 156 Fourth —
Does not live bere.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT— NINTH PRE-
PRECINCT."
August Pechart, laborer, 909% Mission —
Never lived here. #
John E. Trj-foroe. merchant, &41 Mission —
Not here.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT— SIXTH PRE-
Harry Davia. clerk. 905 Market— Has act
lived hers for six months.
William E. Berger, bartender, 474 Jessie —
Not liv«d bere for throe months.
TWENTY - NINTH DISTRICT — FOURTH
CINCT.
CINCT.
Joseph Ellis, clerk. 809 Market — No suclt
name oa books.
Kred H. Smith, paintar. S3 Fifth— Moved
three week* aco. '
TWENTT-NINTH DISTRICT— SECOND PRE-
Edward M. Wb&lca, barber, 737 Mission —
Not here.
Joseph Byrne, laborer, 765 Mission— Not
known.
James A. L*cJ»m, sailor, 119 Third— Not
bere. \u25a0*>
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT— FIRST PRE-
Georg* Mathlson. barber, 737 Mission — Goae.
Joseph P. RUfy. laborer, 737 Mission — Not
George W. Stocker. peddler. 737 Mission-
Gone.
PRECINCT.
Georte E. Creamer, clumber, 764% Mission —
Knt here.
Ingward J. Carlson, talTcr, 764% Mission —
Not here.
Bernard McGosig'.e, laborer. 'Winchester Ho
tM—Gene.
Mcrtm Doßch, Üborer, 255 Eteveaion — Not
here.
Joseph Greanan, mariner, 255 Btevensou — Not
here.
Peter Orenr.aa, clerk. 255 Stevenson — Not
btre.
i-'aai Tvyie, eteward. 44 Third — Not here.
John J. Rlley. bartender. 76 Second — Gone.
Edmond G. Harrle, etcamfltter, 76 Second—
Gene.
WilllaM W. Hopkins, manufacturer. 76 S«o
ond — <>cne.
TWENTT - EIGHTH DISTRICT — SEVENTH
Frank Weller, mariner. 503 Folsom — Gone to
Facramento.
TWENTY-EIGIITH DISTRICT— SIXTH PRE-
TEENTH PRECINCT.
J. J. Clancy, teamster. 2718 Clementina —
Moved.
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT— THIRD PRE-
Michael Earlg baker 149 Third — Not here,
Neil P. McCafferty. sailor. 149 Third — Gone
to Alaska.
V Err.«-sr A. Fisher, restaurant keeper, 676
p Howard — Gone.
Adolpfcu* M- Gibson, lineman. 676 Howard —
Gone.
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT — FOUR-
PRECINCT.
Pet- r Harkics, bill poster, 28 Minna — Cn
fclMIWU.
John Evane. waiter, 12 and 14 Natoma — Un
known.
Will H. Goodwin, painter, 53 Natoma — Cn
kr.own.
Thomas McKee, longshore. 550 Mission —
Jrt^ved.
Ije-nis J. Euberts, fire patrol, 550 Mission —
Unknown.
John J. Eaines, fireman. 542 Mission — Un-
TWENTY - EIGHTH DISTRICT — EIGHTH
Will Cummings. bridge builder. 217 Second —
Moved.
TWENTY - EIGHTH DISTRICT — FIFTH
PRECINCT.
Mkr.aW J. Greene, clerk, 317 Firrt— Does r.ot
WKMani Ellis, beat bulKJer, S" Beale — Not
here.
William Kay, cigar dealer, 411 Spear — Not
bere.
TWENTY - EIGHTH DISTRICT — FOURTH
PRECINCT.
TWnNTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT — FIRST PRE
CINCT.
Charles J. Swanson. officer, 52 East — Gone
tv Panan:a.
Ernest A. Lagewall, sailor. 32 Eaet — done to
Alaska.
Johano V. Goding, sailor, 6 Howard — Gone
t \u25a0 Alaska-
Gus Johansen. sailor, 6 Howard — Does not
live here.
William Johansen. sailor, 6 Howard — Does
n^i live h*>re.
Anders E. Liriikrist. pallor, 6 Howard — Gone.
Axel Olssen. sailor. C Howard — Does not live
here.
Joseph J- Gray, hotel keeper, 106 Bteuart —
SoM out and moved.
William S. Smith, carpenter, 106 Steuart —
Not here.
John FYanke. seaman, 252 East — Not here.
TWENTY - EIGHTH DISTRICT — SECOND
PRECINCT.
Gone.
I>avid TTalker, laborer. 715 Howard — Gone.
Jooepb Kejfesh. butcher. 211 Fourth — Gone.
Walter Cron2n, marine engineer, 711 Howard
\u25a0 — Gon*» to sea.
Edward J. ilooney. Btevedore. 214 Third —
Moved.
Elliott D. Jones, steward. 214 Third— Moved.
John Jones carpenter. 214 Third — Moved.
Thomas O. wharf builder. 771 How
erd — Gene.
George H. Randall, bartender, 771 Howard —
Gone. «
Christ H. Hunt, bartender, 771 Howard —
Benry O. Bell, agent. 681 Howard— llov* 4,
- Sedley F. Kerns, muaioian. 681 Howard —
l«ft town.
Daniel J. Flyca, elevator man. 253 Third—
Moved.
Tom Murptir, teamster. 217 Third — Not there.
George T. ilclnerney, team»ter, 21" Third—
?Cct there.
Oeorge VT. Worst, laborer. 217 Tfclrd — No»
there.
TWENTY - EIGHTH DISTRICT — THIR
TEENTH PRECINCT.
The 21erchairts' Association submitted
a. long list of names yesterday to Regis
trar Adams and called his attention to
the fjict that these persons were not liv
ing at the places designated in the r«gl«
ter. A request was added that they be
cited to appear and show cause why their
names should not be stricken off.
Although Adams received this commu-
Eicatlcn from the association early in the
afternoon he gave it no attention. Sub
servient to Ruef end Schmitz, he would
make no effort whatever to Investigate.
Last night he Insolently declared that he
would take his time about it His at
titude was Identical with that of Hos
pital Superintendent lucQuaid, who in
hoodlum-like manner refused to allow the
Grand Jury foreman access to the wards
to examine patients regarding registra
tion frauds.
The following iras the list of names
presented by the Merchants' Association i
TWEXTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT— NINTH PRS
CINCT.
"Now that we . have got our watchers
selected and can be reasonably sure of a
square deal," said President Sullivan of
the Anti-Ruef Labor League last evening.
"we are confident we will put up a. fight
that will surprise our most ardent friends.
The people little "dream to what extent
tt?e defection from Ruef and Schmitz, in
the ranks of union labor, has taken. We
now know and state it; without fear of
contradiction that, Ruef will not have a
union labor \u25a0•rote to spare to throw, into
his losing Republican fight.' If he starts
to use union labor to bolster up his Re
publican end- he is lost. It is a fore
gone conclusion that he will be over
whelmingly defeated by £ the) San Fran
cisco Republican League and if he starts
In addition to this number a score or
more will ( remain at headquarters, S
Eddy street, ready to respond to any call
for aid that may be made. These men, to
gether with the watchers the Republican
party •will put in the field, will make It
extremely dangerous for those that may
make an attempt to repeat the crimes
that have added several of the adminis
tration followers to the list of inmates of
the State penitentiaries. The word Is out
that fraud will be attempted in several
of the precincts, but the Anti-Ruef La
bor League says that disaster will come
to any man that attempts to vote an
other's name. . '
The grafters are not making much
headway in the Thirtieth District. When
Ruef "butted in" the better elements of
the Republican party sought the assist
ance of Henry J. McMann, whose clean
politics has won every fight In which he
figured fas a leader. The introduction of
McMann disconcerted Ruef to the extent
that the boss found it necessary to bor
row Isadore Erb, who lives on Russ
street, and who holds down a chair in
the Supreme Court clerk's office. Ruef
thought that an "official" from the Par
rott building with a bunch of State red
tape about his neck would hypnotize the
voters of the Thirtieth District into his
lines, but McMann with Assemblyman
Francis McNamara at the head of the
Republican League ticket will win out
two to one next Tuesday.
The present fight In this district cor
responds with the contest of one year
ago, when McMann championed the nom
ination of Francis McNamara for the
Legislature.' The result of this was that
McNamara was elected by a' greater ma
jority than the vote cast for his two op
ponents. A similar result will follow
next Tuesday when Ruef and- Schmitz
will wonder "where they are at" so far
as the Thirtieth is concerned.
Its ticket completed- and every man on
it a member of a • union or even hlgner
in the ranks of organized labor, the Anti-
Ruef Labor League is now turning its at
tention to ''plans to prevent fraud at the
polls next Tuesday. Last evening the of
ficers of the league occupied their time
preparing a list of 250 men out of the
hundreds that have volunteered to serve
as watchers at the booths.
VOLUNTEERS WILL WATCH.
Ruef is making a desperate fight to
down Senator Welch in the Thirty-sec
ond. The Senator has never obeyed the
political commands of Ruef and the lat
ter is out for political revenge.
John E. Heilmann, chairman, and D.
J. Wren, secretary of the regular Re
publican (anti-Ruef) Club of the Thir
ty-second district, have issued a circu
lar in substance as follows:-
A FEW AVOIiDS TO THE WORKINGMEN
OF THE THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY
DISTRICT: Do not believe the malicious
falsehoods and misrepresentations contained in
the circular issued by the creatures of "Ruef"
in this dtstrict, in fact the only district out of
the eighteen in this city and county where It
was found necessary by"them to Insult the in
telligence of the worklngman and those in
sympathy with the cause of unionism.
In this circular it is charged that if the del
egates, for whom your suffrage is asked, are
elected at the coming primary they will be
pledged to and controlled by the Citizens' Al
liance, and for a complete answer and refuta
tion to this malicious charge you are simply
directed to note the occupation of many of the
nominees on the within ticket, and not only
will you find that they are enrolled under the
banner of "unionism," but are some of Its
strongest supporters; in, fact, if It Is a ques
tion of the number of "union men" on said
ticket or that of the opposition, the majority
is in favor of the Republican League ticket.
Although some of the nominees on the with
in ticket are recognized leaders in the labor
union ranks, still they are, not identified, nor
do they owe allegiance to any corrupt boss, nor
have they been imported into this district as
charged, but they are your neighbors, friends
and fellow citizens, who have lived in the dis
trict most of their li\-es, own property in the
district, and if elected will use every effort
to save San Francisco from the grip of the
grafters. • • •
The inclosed ticket is indorsed by the Hon
orable State Senator and Assemblyman from
this district, and the records speak for them
selves as to whether or not they were the
friends of labor and labor organizations.
Xow it Is squarely up to you, as good citi
zens and worklngmen, to do your duty at the
coming primary, and if you will vote the bal
lot inclosed you will secure good government
and all the blessings It implies, or. as our be
loved President, Theodore Roosevelt, says, "A
square deal for every man," a thing no gov
ernment of graft has ever yet delivered.
GRAFTERS' SLOW WORK.
BUEF FIGHTS HARD.
The San Francisco Republican League
is in possession of names'" of falsely
registered persons at the hospital. The
records in the Auditor's office give the
names of all the employes of the insti
tution for the month of July, 1905. Sev
tnty-four employes at a compensation
of $5 a month each have been recently
added to the working force of the hos
pital. The truth is as plain as the light
of day that these seventy-four men
\u25a0vrere put on a blind payroll to register
and vote in the Thirty-second Assembly
District as regular employes of the hos
pital. There has been no increase in
the number of patients to Justify the
employment of this army of new at
taches. There has been no extension
of the hospital service calling for the
engagement of extra men. The hiring
of additional helpers, dishwashers and
scullions smacks plainly of fraud.
No doubt the grafters who concocted
the scheme fancied that exposure would
not come until the ballots of the pre
cinct had been counted, but the experts
of the San Francisco Republican
League detected the fraud and informed
the Grand Jury. The grafters now ask
the tax-paying citizens of San Fran
cisco the question, "What are you go
ing to do about it?" The purpose of
the grafters to stuff the ballot box Is
publicly proclaimed and it is now up to
the law abiding citizens to decide
whether this premeditated fraud on the
elective franchise shall be consum
mated next Tuesday.
Disclosures concerning the Internal
condition, of affairs at the City and
County Hospital are startling, and it
some one connected with the present
city administration is not sent to the
penitentiary for felony there will be a
miscarriage of justice.
To-morrow evening the regular Re
publicans of the Thirty-third Assembly
District will hold a meeting at Silk's
Hall, Preolta avenue near Mission
street. The regulars in the Thirty
third are opposed by the Meincke-
French crowd.
The organization committee of the
San Francisco Republican League, con
sisting- of George D. Clark chairman,
D. A. Ryan secretary, Fairfax H. "Whee
lan, John D. Daly, David Rich, E. J.
Bo%ves, Richard J. Welch and John
Lackmann, met last night at head
quarters, 656 Market street. Arthur
Fisk attended the meeting as an advis
er. The founders of the League ar.e
quite confident that a victory over the
forces of graft will be achieved next
Tuesday.
A Joint meeting of tha campaign
committee and proposed delegates of
the Forty-fifth Assembly District was
held at League headquarters last night.
Important district meetings under
the auspices of the League will take
place to-night. '. The citizens of the
Forty-first will meet at Steimke Hall.
The meeting of Fortieth District Re
publicans will be at Franklin Hall. Re
publicans of the Thirty-seventh will
rally at Phelps Hall, 817 Devisadero
street. The legions of the Thirty
eighth will assemble at Jefferson Square
Hall.
to throw union labor votes into this fight
we will sweep the city and Mayor
Schmitz will go begging for renomination.
We are in this fight to accomplish our
purpose to defeat Abe Ruef and we mean
to do it. Tuesday will tell the story and
I am confident that on that day San
Francisco can offer thanks that the day
of its deliverance from the administra
tion that hangs Over it like a pall is at
hand."
Administration Official Gets Ugly When
Asked to Help Prevent Frauds
at the Election.
Anti-Iluef United Labor Column Repre=
sent That the Movement is
Gaining Ground.
Additional Facts Concerning False
Registration at the City And
County Hospital.
Merchants' Association Submits List of
Non*Hesidents on Register and
Adams Ignores It
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE ORGANIZERS
EXPECT TO ACHIEVE VICTORY.
Organizers of the San Francisco Republican League are quite confident that victory for the cause of clean
politics and good municipal government will be achieved at the primary election next Tuesday. There are premo
nitions of a great popular uprising in support of the representative delegate tickets put forward by the league. Every
good citizen is urged to vote early.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 11)05.
/ FRESNO, Aug. 3. — Sixteen head of
cattle died ,ln one day on Table Moun
tain, supposedly from drinking: Water
from a' spring strongly impregnated
with mineral poisons. Until a month
ago the spring was known the country
round for its delicious water. Then th c
composition suddenly changed and peo
ple^were warned away from it after
several had become deathly sick by tak
ing, a sip. "Dr. Danielson, the veterinary
surgeon of Madera, came to Fresno to
day with a sample of the water to be
analyzed. He believes that recent vol
canic action has caused the sudden
change In the mineral ingredients.
SPRING WATER POISONED
BY VOLCANIC ACTION
Yon might as irell put your money In
real estate. It's the safest Investment.
The Snnday CALL*S realty columns
are profitable readlns.
project undertaken In a tropical climate by a
people unacquainted witn. It. Thousands of
lives were sacrificed when the Suez canal was
Aug. There are two great matters to b«
achieved on our Isthmus; first, the perfecting
of the sanitation, and then the carrying out of
the engineering plans. Tha engineering In
volves no matter that has not already been
achieved.
CAXAIi WII.I, HELP STATE.
"With their base of supplies 2000 milea away
»nd their men unused to the trying tropical
climate, those In charge of the Panama canal's
construction have much to contend with, but
with proper sanitary arrangements, which the
administration will strictly enforce, the end
, will find the Isthmus a welcome, home for tha |
American laborer. California will certainly
profit much by the Inauguration of work on
the canal for she will enjoy a large share of
the contracts for the necessary material. Time
will remedy everything and it will not be long
before a change In whatever antagonistic
opinion exists against the canal, from a com
mercial standpoint, will be generally remarked.
After sever.il days' : atay here Min
ister Barrett will go to Portland, and
later proceed to Colombia, where he
will devote a great deal of his time to
reconciling the people of that country
to the fact that, while the United
States may have appeared friendly
toward Panama In her efforts to estab
lish her freedom, this Government is
anxious to maintain the most 1 cordial
relations with the republic to which
h« has been accredited.
4000 laborers wanted In North Dakota on
line Northern Pacific Railway. For particu
lar!! communicate with T. K. Stateler, «47
Market at.. S. F.. G>"eral Agent. •
Resolved, That the affiliated - members are
hereby notified I that under the general election
laws of - this State ; they , are , entitled to two
hours In which to vote without any reduction
of : pay, and any \u25a0 infraction \u25a0 or attempted vio
lation of this law reported to this council will
r«c«lv« ; lmmadUti »Xl«iUon.
5
Building Repair Sale
a
Ends Saturday
Just two more days in which to purchase o
China, Cut Glass, Table Glassware and
housekeeping sundries at the bargain prices *
that have prevailed for two weeks — the
lowest ever.
Don't Delay— Come To-Day
' 122-132 SUTTER ST. VJ-
POLITICAti.
ATTENTION, VOTERS
Th* following clianeei of polllns
plncra have bern made by order of the
Board of Election Commissioner* a
7Cth Primary Precinct, -"Jth Assembly Di»-
trici— Bounded by Pdint Lobos avenue, Parker
avnup Fulton street, 22d a%-enue.
Location of pollir.s place— Booth. S. E. corner
Point. Lcbos and OU» avenues.
77th Primary Precinct. 23th A»«eaibly Dli-
« r j c t — Bounded by Point Loboo avenue, 4th
avenue California street South, Ist avenue,
southerly bouudarjr line of the Presidio Res-
«T-\at.ion Lycn street, the waters of the Bay of
Ean n^r.clsco, Lcbos Creak. southerly
. boundaT line cf Mountain Lake Park. 10th
**Location cf polling place— Booth front of 751
7Hth Primary Precinct, 33th Assembly Dis-
trict—Bounded by Pultcn. 2*th avenue. Point \
Lcbo« avenue. ICth avenue southern boundary
lln« cf Mountain Lake Park. Lobos Creek. th«
waters of th« Bay of San Francisco, and the
waters a* the Pacific Ocean. -
Location of ijollins place — Store. 353 20th
Prlmsry Precinct. 29th Assembly Dis-
trict—Bounded by Fulton, Stanyan. Frederick,
Clayton Clarendon avenue, Lincoln avenue,
•>Oth avenue, "X". street and Tenth avenue.
" I>ocat!on of polliny place — Booth front of
1283 Ninth avenue.
Kfttn Primary Precinct. 44th Assembly Dls-
tr j c t*__Boun(iefl by Broadway, the waters of
the Bay or San Francisco. Market, Davis,
California. Sansome, Jackson and Montgomery
Location of polling place — Booth opposite 617
B3tt«rv street.
11° th Primary Precinct. 41th Arstrnbly Dis-
* trict— Bounded by Broadway. Dupont. Clay.
Powell Washington and Mason streets.
Lnea'tior. of lulling place — Front of 1140
Stockton street.
118 th Primary Precinct, 45th Assembly Dis-
t, j ff t— Boandrd bT Kearny. Lombard, Stockton,
"Jrwiwic''. Mascn, Francisco end Jones streets,
\u25a0 and the waters of the Bay of San Francisco.
Locaticr: of pollinij placf — Southwest corner
V>f P'rancisco snd Powell streets.
By order cf the Board of Election Commis-
«4cner*.
«K"n!"> GEO. V. ADAMS, Registrar of Voters.
July 2a lOCS.
I Manufacturer's Surplus Stock and |
I Sample Line Ladles' Neckwear f
» C^^ — iiiES-^ p-yjs » mm^ m (*•«••# AT %S m %M mr mo £&jf •*
*> /^M!I!L-'l!!l^yK< SSs^^ J^^*^^^^ A purchase of 6800 pieces of ladies' stocks, turn-over %
J£ ff:^^&^^^^/y^__ ' collars fcno! chemisettes from one^ of the best* Eastern neck- -5
** // \\SWTffiffift/ a \t«sir*^*~^. wear ma ' cers P uts "* In a P os^ oo to offer the culminating bargain of Jf
t{ 11 \\s^&Wf / Ir^fe^^rr 3*3 * " the season in summer neck dressings. There are large quantities of J*
•k \] \\t&S£/// l\ ca sk Bt y' e * k ut 'k*' me ' 1 away c *k w m *^ c sunshine at these "3E
* \ \wwff, I "" pdccs " early " **
*>* rt '-1 W/- ' \u25a0 II $**'*$ Lot No. I—ls1 — Is • fine collection of turn-over collars in embroidery "3
If 1 VI ft/f I o*^/ • and lace effects, it least 20 different styles similar to m °jg
»£ V U• \Y II those illustrated; regular 25c and 35c values; beginning B /"* X
5 v w vi, // M§i^ijl^ .yv • t Z*£29&^zJ 'ki* morning /• . • **^ •?
X V v^ \\ //. k°* — Embroidered Ehen stocks with tabs; many *4 m* 'J
Jf V J^ « J7 w^ft^Ag; vef y pjgtty designs that have sold all the season at 25c I £\g
Si •"•••• / i 35c; beginning this morning %
jjf Lot No. 3—ls3 — Is 200 dozen turn- Lot No. 4 — The greatest sale of chemisettes ever planned In addition we will place en ''
A* over collars, some with and somo by the big store. Assortment includes a large variety of special sale a small lot (500) 1%
Jf without tabs; every <"fe .lace and embroidered design, none worth less .4 /«^ Renaissance lace /^ mm •*
S day sellers at 25c; I £C* than 25c and many worth much more, for this I '^{T stocks with tab* at. J,^SC* «
$ in this sale at .. * W sale, each ... I * *** each **%J\* J
I Great Reductions in Mien's Giothing |
X Prices cut to less than cost and in some cases even less than actual cost of making alone. We are determined g.
Jf to make final clearance of all incomplete lines before the arrival of the new fall stocks. Medium and heavy weight 5
*£ youths' and men's suits must be sold now. These prices should move the goods and make fast friends for the '%
5 Men's Store of the men who take advantage of this sale. j£
S $lOandsl2.sO $15 to $2O • Young Men's $4 and $5 £
i Suits, now Suits, now Suits, $10,75 Trousers %
I $7.75 $ 9 -? 5 WO S%.SS"" $2.95 ;j
X Think of getting a genuine About 1 00 suits in sizes About 400 pairs, sees °5
S Mostly the $12.50 ones. $15.00 wit for $9.75 and wme 32 to 36; hand tailored to 38 waist only, but %
I tooj, stylish, sack suits of fij^uS «d%Se throughout, fitting Kke nearry & lengtns.I engtns . Every ;?
5 cheviots and worsteds, in breasted suits in this lot. Dtessy made-to-order garments; p^ pure worsted; all are •*
5" neat mixtures, and a few checks and hair line stripes ; finest cheviots in nobby dressy patterns, mostly dark %
g black Thibets and rough <£«**• jn bw»wn and gray plaids and mixtures; just stripes, making and fitting 5
| cheviots. Not all sizes, in thlhU what the young men want ; Th ey are |
J any one style, but all sizes pr j ces> wh i c h were $15.00. some ot the hnes are broken regular $4.00 and $5.00
*C in the lot. $17.50 and $20.00. in sizes; all must go. ones# k
| . =============== |
$ Fait Millinery $1.00 and $1.50 50c Vests, 2sc \
i A large shipment of the correct "Ready- Golf SfaiPfS A hig .hrpment of ladies* real Egyptian J
S to-wear?' ready and on display and sale Cotton Vests-manufacturer . "see- £
% for the first time this morning. Fascinating — , ;c .* \ "jA-yQ - l TT* *^ ht ™?? i '* tio1 ? «
tf shapes, pretty materials, style, that will be The best fitting, Yf^*4 « c «? *¥* *** * X
»'\u25a0 becoming to almost any one. The show- best looking • fes. **" * mo * "f 1 ««nunation to dv- ,£
$ ing include, the new braid,; felts in white dollar shirts pro- FrW^Mm com them. .Either high neck long of. •{
5 and colors; and that which promises to be J J • *a^ 3 o *&*£&*» ; short sWes. and medium weighs, the color J
X the most popular material of the season.- I^L, -rSft !f ? fr.-j ' ?T?"2l*t £?&"*" """i* I
\ Beavers country. Ihe |0 S « -^ o:{ .-^, to the largest; the best 50c garment made. ,*
J c,rmNnFIOOR maker's Slirplas jj 8 .« !>":& now oa special sale, each . tZg% '2
| SECOND FLOOR. fo JT^ |^ v *£| . £QC |
5 all dean, fresh, !?i§» ?• •?(*p %
I 28c Satin Taffeta fH *j % Blitter,37c\
t" l^iSsSSOffiSm 17C d°^> xn ht i7 f*S*4 a; l°^l Theusual choicest creamery, regular rizs •
V grounds and jj o : *U'**s squares. Friday and Saturday. . .37 O «*
X On the special sales tables in Main Aisle woven cheviots ?3h „ * .'$ Ham— Kingan's best, boiled. 1b .. 280 'J
5 this morning and until quantity is sold; 3000 • i- iH-* £Z ....JL. .5 if Lemons— Large bright thin skins. 2 dozen "2
5 yards extra choice 4^-inch Satin Taffeta m \l « 350 S
X Ribbons; in this assortment of desirable dark .« h j ? d « 5 «° me .™ th "™ Q ~ Prunes-3-Ib. package (30 to 40) 230 *
I"*"*" . \u0084 SSSS^iOC Flour-A^l. b«t.so-lb.^sj4a .J
i act 3nT Also balance of a $.30 line. n2£&r Star* Brand! 50 lbs.' iRqi R g ?
ti black lavender old rose Alen's Suspenders— A great variety of '°- ™-£f* _L •,••\ ' • ' ' 3 P° •*
Si light blue maize brown 25c and 35c styles. Including the "Police." Salad Oil— De Luxe, imported, jalloru £
£ | B .»iJ l«f 28c the yard will ,/ta-r "Firemen V "Postmen V «ome with $'-90.*» gallop. ... . . $ UOO %
X JlnnLSlsakat Y7C* mohair end\ with draw farteners; others Emporium Baking Powder.lb.3O© g
% be on speaal sale at .• • J£^ with cantab ends; a very bijj JeU-O-3 packages 25 O .%
J^ '' ' ' - value indeed at to-day's and T^l|C Gutter Whisky— Special bot7O©
$ - - = Saturday', special price, pair VV OllkaKummel .Genuine imp'td.s/.OS 3*!
k* fSaatmhatoHS Sc i - Emporium Al Whisky— «
| bingnams, ac ft*<^ Reg. $3 gai.. special $2.35 I
E A ca« of staple apron checks, yV^> SsZCm^^'JL. Jt 'Tm m V»j. Red Cross Gin— Special Ijf
j and browns, regularly //a c - f \u25a0\u0084--, f ~ **^> *t'^%- \ n ' + 2 ° S'
J. special, beginning this \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0fflr T>»BffP^"^^^^^^^ Hire S Root Beer — Quarts, .%
h* momins, a yard .. . SC * ~V jjf^tr' " \u25a0\u25a0— iiirniri"r rnnnnriT iTnn" 2 for 25c *
•f ,- ' " -.irifr.'it .. : -. t ;
». | ' I '.tLUTHERAN SEMINARY MAY
" , BE LOCATED IN SAN JOSE
WK4I.THY 31 AX KILLED
JBY AX ELECTRIC CAR
GIRL, BABY ABANDONED.
.OAKLAND, Aug. . 3. — A healthy girl
baby about one month old was left to
night on; the eteps of the residence of
J. M. Hanford," general paymaster of
the Southern Pacific Company, et 1206
Peralta street. There is no clew as
to. the- identity of the child, and the
police took the infant to the West Oak
land Home.
Shortly before 10 o'clock there, was
a flng at Mr. Hanford's door bell. Mr.
Hanford was in .bed, but answered the
ring. When he reached the door he
lpund the baby, well dressed, lying" on
the; Bteps. ' He notified the police, who
were unable to find any marks that
might lead. to a discovery of its iden
tity. The persons who left the child
had- ample time to disappear before
Mr. Hanford could reach the door.
BOYS INURED BY TORPEDO.
. RICHMOND. Aug. 3. — The sons of Mr.
and Mrs. Lee, who reside near Clark's
hotel, aged 9 and 7 years, respectively,
found a railroad torpedo on the tracks
near Railroad avenue yesterday, and,
curious to find out what it would do,
they struck It with a heavy stone. It
exploded almost in their hands and they
were badly cut by flying bits ot metal
L fuid. rock. *>i"l
Strphrn 31. PUUbury Snrcumba to In
juries Received nt I-on* Beach in
the South.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3.— Stephen M.
Pillsbury, a member of the .famous
house of Pillsbury, the Minneapolis
flour makers, died at the County Hos
pital this morning as a result of hav
ing been 6truck by a Pacific electric
car at Long Beach on Wednesday morn
ing. Pillsbury was 77 years of age and
for several years a resident of Pasa
flena. He leaves a wife and two daugh
ters. He was a man of. great wealth
and owned one of the handsomest resi
dences in Pasadena.
The accident happened because the
old man was deaf and walked along the
track of the Pacific electric railway
without heeding the approach of a
southbound car. The motorman ex
pected the man to step aside and did
not realize "that a collision was in
evitable until too late to stop the car.
Pillsbury suffered a broken arm and
concussion of the. brain anddied with-r
out regaining consciousness.
BERKELEY, Aug. 3.— With only* a
few hours' notice, friends' of TVliss Edith
F, Crawford transformed her mother's
home^at 2435 Piedmont avenue into
a suitable- -place for a' wedding last
night. arid Ihe young woman became the
bride of Theodore J. Ludlow. The groom
is a mining engineer and was informed
yesterday that his presence was needed
in Alaska- at once. -- He had planned to
wed later, but decided to have the cere
mony -performed immediately. Girl
friends of the young woman were in
vited via the telephone to assist in the
preparations for the event and in a very
little time all the essential arrange
ments were complete. Rev. W. H. Hop
kins of -' the ; Flrs.t Congregational
Church performed the ceremony. The
groom is a university graduate of '04.
WF.l> • in'OST SHORT NOTICE.
PALO ALTO, Aug. U. — :A_ meeting of
committees from the Board of Trade and
the Board of Town Trustees was held
last night to discuss a plan for im
proving Alma street, along the South
ern Pacific right of way. The project
includes the building of ,a retaining
wall for the distance of a mile, the
macadamizing of the roadway^and. the
making "of a park of the space along
the right of way.
IniprovruientM Dlacnnnrci.
.PORTLAND, Aug. 3. — William Young j
of. the Taqoma High School to-day •
broke the world's pedestrian record for
220 yards. Young's time* was 38 3-5 i
seconds. The former record was 30 T-5 !
seconds. The performance occurred J
with A. A. U. men officiating. J
Youds n Fast Walker.
Catholic l>r«Jer *if Vorrniern at Roftton
Voles A sra In st Advance In In-
MWrjinpe'lXntcH. '
BOSTON, Aug. 3.^-rThe attempt to in
crease the insurance! rates in the Cath
olic Order of Foresters at- the conven
tion of the International body in this
city failed to-day , "after a long discus
sion, 112 dole£rttes>y6ting in favor and
«" ' delegates againetj change, less .than
\u25a0the necessßry.'-twb^fhircls as required
by the constitutipj;:^ Subsequently it
was voted tq-ref^r 'ther 1 matter back to
tho State and I ' provincial; jurisdictions
and the high v Chi6fjr'anger* was directed
to prepare • plan's ahd'rnake,recommen
dations regnrVlihlg-'- the matter and pre
sent them- td-Hhe/ next meeting, which
wil be h6l«J ;lr»' ; St.< Paul.'Minn., in 1907.
It appears* to 'be^the "Ban timent of the
delegates.Un,\.th'(i^aebat<).xiver the -in
surance Question -that-as- the organiza
tion had ; at r present a. surplus of over
$5,000,000,"* careful- business manage
ment would prevent :tlre necessity' for
ar change^ ' ';vv^':'v^,i'V
PROPOSKU I>:om3A'SH3
AVIV.i, >OT BE MADE
PALO ALTO, Aug. 3.— George Cooke.
proprietor of the Silver Moon restau
rant, recently, opened here, was taken
to the county jail at San Jose to-day
under a \u25a0warrant charging him with :i
serious crime. He had a brief prelim
inary hearing, and was placed under
$2000 bonds. . It was feared that he
might be treated with violence if held
here, so Constable Grider, hurried him
to San Jose. Cooke has heretofore
borne a good reputation.
Fenr for Their Prisoner.
STANFORD UNIA'ERSITY. Aug. 3.— |
President Jordan, who has been 'absent
on a tour in Germany and Switzerland
wltn his wife and daughter, will re
turn to the' university on September 10.
This date is several months earlier than
was primarily intended. Dr. Jordan
'will be accompanied by his wife, but
will leave his daughter to complete tlie
tour as was originally intended. The !
party will journey by way of Canada '
and will arrive at Montreal on Sep- J
tember 2. j
DR. .JORDAX TO RKTUR.V.
SAN MATEO. Aug. 3. — At one of the
largest and most representative gather
ings in local fraternal circles the cere
monies of raising up the chlefa In
Oweence Council, Daughters of Poca
hontas, have been performed here. Vis
iting Red Men- and members of the Or
der of Pocahontas from near-by towns
were In attendance and participated in
a programme of entertainment and ad
dresses. The services were under the
direction of Mrs. M. J. Lindsay, district
deputy, assisted by Senior Past Chief
Mrs. Orterinan of Redwood City.
The following officers were installed:
Pocahontas, Margaret Booth; Winona.
Nettie Proctor; . Powhattan, Denni3
Murphy: keeper of records. Maud
Smith; collector of wampum. Anna'Lor
ton: keeper of wampum, Emma Thiel:
guard of tepee. Maud Mcllwairr. guard,
of forest. Lavina Ahlert; first counselor,
Sarah Thorsen; second 1 counselor. Ellen
Currie; first runner. Funnie McNulty;
second runner.. Minnie McNultv: first
warrior. John Bradley^ second Warrior.
Samuel Miller; third warrior, George
Proctor; fourth warrior, James Get
tinprs. -'•;
I.arsf Gnthertner Attend* tbe Ore
monle'x of the Order la
San Mateo.
DAtf.HTEHS Oh" POCAIIOVTAS
INSTALL THEIR OFFICERS
PORTLAND, Aug. 3- — "The statement
that at any time'l ever claimed 'divine
rgiht' to anything except 'life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness' is a mar
licious falsehood," said George F. Baer,
president of the Philadelpnia and Read
ing Railroad, to-day." Baer' in com
pany with his family is in Portland on
a pleasure trip.
"Those conscienceless papers which
made me appear as saying tl^at my as
sociates and I controlled the anthra
cite coal of this country by divine right
deliberately falsiried. I have said and
done some foolish things in my time,
but never anything quite so unworthy,
or idiotic as to make such an utter
ance. That falsehood was circulated at
the time "of the coal strike hearing
for the express purpose of -inflaming
the public mind.
"At that time Senator Marcus A.
Hanna said tom e: 'Baer'. don't deny
it. It won't do any good. The lie-will
travel bo fast that you : can't overtake
it.' Mr. Hanna was right and I knew
it, so said nothing by way of denial.
. "As he said to me, so I say to you, if
some one starts a lie N about -you don't 1
deny it. Live it down. That's the
only way. Prove that It is not true.
One of the greatest human feelings is '
a proneness to believe evil report. The I
world wants to hear evil so badly that !
it will believe It in preference to "good'i
report any time. As to that story about'
divine right, I think that I have lived
it down pretty successfully by this' time
and only trouble makers or their dupes
credit it." • .
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 3. — Ex-President
Manuel Barillas and suite of Guatemala,
Professor J. Wehle and the well-known
musical critic, Alfred Metzger of San
Fra,ncisco, were entertained last Mon
day evening by Mr. and Mrs. Charles
H. Benson at their residence in this
city. Vocal and instrumental music,
dancing and 500 made the evening pass
very quickly. Light refreshments were
served. Among those present were
Mrs. J. Bevis of San Mateo. Mrs. L.
Paulson of San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs.
L. RngleMardt. Mr. and Mrs. F. Hel
more. Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Charrnau. Mrs. M. R. Guide. Mrs.
J. H. Hoxie und Messrs. R. M. Jones
and Francis Forcada.
n.\RIIiI.AS E\TERTAIXED.
Says He Never Claimed That
God Gave Him the
Coal Mines.
After the services of Installation were
concluded a banquet was served.
Among the prominent visitors were the
following: District Deputy Graiid
President Free of Mountain View, Dis
trict Deputy J. 11. Xash and Frd.nk
Nash of San. Mateo, J. K. Emmet;' oC
Redwood City, Herman Frey, Joseph
Plecarpo and John Pinkham ofPesca I
dero. ... "
HALFMOON BAY, Aug. 3. — At an im
portant meeting of Seaside Parlor N"o.
95, Native Sons of the Golden "West of
this city, the following bfTicera have
been installed: Past president, Frod
Albrecht; president, Frederick C. Camp
bell; first vice president, M. P. Dutra;
second vice president, Edward Al
brecht; third vice president, George De
benedetti; recording and financial sec
retary, W. V. Francis; treasurer," 4 M. L.
Avilla; marshal, Edward Gonzales; in
side sentinel, Alfred Ramos; outside
sentinel, Frank Canadas; trustee, John
Freitas. ",
NATIVES INSTALL OFFICERS.
BAEK HOTLY DENIES ;
DIVINE EIGHT STORY
COI-MA, : Aug. 3.— The Cypress Lawn
Cemetery Association has made an im
portant and significant purchase of land
opposite its beautiful burial ground;
The accession is west of the county
road and includes twenty-five acres of
the Brooks estate. It will be trans
formed without delay into a beautiful
garden. Graders are at work already
and as soon as their work is finished
the decorative gardeners will begin.
This increased area wil make Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, already one of the
most beautiful burial grounds in the
United States, one of the most artistic
in the world. It will be the only ceme
tery with a frontage on both'sides of
the county road.
s'peclal Dispatch to The Call.
Addition to Be Made to the
Blirial Oround in San
Mateo County.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aur. A—
Professor Harris J. Ryan of- Cornell
University, lately appointed head of the
college of electrical engineering at
Stanford University, has made known
the plans he will follow In his depart
ment. The principal branches of. the
subject, continuous current theory, al
ternating current theory and the de
signing of electrical machinery, will ba
handled according to methods In vogue
at Cornell. The subject ot designing.
hitherto untouched, will be especially
emphasized. This subject Is of the
greatest practical importance and In
order to receive a degree from the col
lege of electrical engineering. It must
be covered along with the two other
co-ordinating branches.
The electrical department as It will
be run will encourage greatly the en
rollment of non-electrical engineers.
that is. students who have fqr their
major subject either mechanical or civil
engineering. It has been found that
in these courses, and especially in the
latter, the transmission of power
enters into, a large percentage of tho
work undertaken. At Cornell Uni
versity the course of nOn-electrlcal en
gineers is extremely popular, and Pro
fessor Ryan would welcome a like state
of affairs here. The combination of
courses usually, however, requires one
year of graduate work to enable It 3
completion.
Xew Course la DrMisrnlns: Added t*» tic
Curriculum I'ader I'rofe.utit .
Harris j. Ryan.
XEW LAND SECUKED
;, BY CYPRESS LAWN
ELECTIIICAI* DEPARTMEXT .... . .
EXLARGED AT STANFORD
She 1 is the possessor , of unusual ac
complishments and has endeared many
to her by' her charm of mind andman
ner. She is a graduate of Sequoia High
School and of Stanford University. She
has been organist of the Congregation
al church for several years and for two
years has had .direction of the* public
school at Millbrae. Her husband, the
Rev. Jacob Spoolman, is also highly es
teemed here where on occasions he'
has served 'ln- the pulpit of the Congre
gational church. Rev. Mr. Spoolman
is a graduate of the Pacific Theological
Seminary and has accepted a call to
the rectorship of the Sierraville church,
where he will take his bride.
REDWOOD GITY.-Aug-. 3.— Miss Eth
el Dodge, eldest aajr^ftter of Mr. and
Mrs. w. O. Dodge.Xand' the Rev. Jacob
Spoolman .were wedded: to-day at the
Congregational Church In this city. The
'marriage 'ceremony was performed by
the Rev. C C. Kirtland, pastor of the
Congregational church. The sacred
edifice was thronged by r -a fashionable
congregation, as the" bride Is one of
the most: ppptilar. y.oung women of Red
wood City. . -\u0084..';... :
Special DUpatch to The Call.
(National League.) | (American League.) ,
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
New Tork...6J» 20 .72(JiPhlladelphia.5a 35 .MS
Pittsburg ...sft 35 .02SiChIcago .i..51 35 .5:>3
Philadelphia.. ss 33 .501 Cleveland ...53 3.<3 .682
Chicago 50 SB .r.SS New York., .42 41 .5D5
Cincinnati ..48 4S .500, Boston" :V.'.'..4i! 43 .4(t5
St. Louis 36 48 . 42:) I Detroit .....41 44 .482
Boston' .31 63 .33.'. Washington. ..Ts 55 .375
Brooklyn ...23 6B .20S'«t. Louis. \u0084.32 55 .3*58
. (AMERICAN LEAGUE.) V \. \ .
, ?JEVV YORK. Aug. 3.-— ln an eleven-fnning
• contest Xew York dereatrd''St. Louis In -the
first game of the series.- The locals scored' the
tlelng and winning run on - Wallace's wild
throw. Stone's fielding., and . batting, and
Keeler's hitting were the features.- Attend
ance 0400. Score:
X R. H. E.
New York •.......;........ B 15-3
St. Loul»'..- .'. v. ..4 12-3
Batteries*— Powell, Hogß. .Grifath and- Mc-
Gulro- V Glade. Roth and Sugden. . . .
\u25a0"WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— Chicago batted
Adams- out of tho box In the first inning of
to-day's- gamp and defeated Washington eas
ily Attendance I6(K>. Score:'
' R. H. E.
Washington 0 4 1
Chicago ..'...'...: 6-10 0
Batteries— Adams. Townswd and Heydon;
Smith and McKarland. - • - .*
BOSTON. Aug. 3.— Tannehill pitched a
three-hit game to-day, while Boston bunched
hits on }Josa and won. The" visitors"' crippled
condition wai Increased when' Bernhard's
pitching hand was injured by a batted ball.
Attendance 7400. 'Score:
• R. H. E.
Boston R 8 2
Cleveland '. 0 3 2
Batteries — Tannehill and Criger; Bernhard,
Hess pnd Berrfsi.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 3.— Philadelphia de
featfd Detroit to-day by one run In a 'spirited
I content. Mullen Pitched good, ball until the
seventh Inning. , when with the bases full he
gave a base on halls, (sending In the run that
tied the score. A moment later a single sent
In the winning run. Attendance <iOOO. Score:
. ; v . R. -H. E.
Detroit 2 4 0
Philadelphia 3 6 1
Batteries — Mullen and Clark; Coakley \u25a0 and
Schreck.
fXATIONAT* LEAGUE.)
\u25a0 PITTSBI.TRG, Aug. 3. — Plttshurg won an
exciting gamp from New York by a batting
rally In the seventh and eighth Innings. When
PiUsburg forged nhexd In the seventh Wilts*
was put In to pifh. hut hp wan espier for the
home team than McGlnnlty. Attendance 7200.
Score: ...
• •' R. H. E.
Pittsbnrg 10 12 O
New fork .......-.:...:... 4 Ift 0
Batteries — Letver, Flaherty and Peltz: Mc-
Glnnlty. Wllt!>e and Bresnqhan. Umpires —
Ba»«»wtn» om! Em.«l!e.
\u25a0 CINCINNATI. Aug. S.'— Brooklyn made three
hits at various stages of the game, but wns
unable to score. .Th* Ciicinnatls hunched their
hits on Jones and won easily. Chech pitched
•teadjr ball throughout. ' ' Attendance 1200.
Score: ....... y
R. . H. • E.
Cincinnati 5 9. 2
Brooklyn 0 fl . 3
Batteries — Ch«<ch and Rchlel: .Tone? and Ber
gen. T*mr>lrp— Klem.
ST. LOUIS. Aujt. 3.— Phlladelphia-St. Louis
gat"<* no?tiv>npd: -wet. .grounds- .-
CHICAGO. Aug. 3^-ißoyton-Chloago game
postponed: rp.tr>. * ' " ," ""
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3. — E. G. Northrup,
a merchant, and H. G. Parsons, a real
estate dealer, both of San Jose, were ar
rested here to-day on complaint of Mrs.
Ida' J. Smith and charged with disturb
ing her peace., The men are stockhold
ers in the Altadena Mining and Invest
ment Company, of which corporation
Mrs. Smith is secretary. The Rev. J. J.
Smith, the president and husband of the
secretary, is under arrest at San Jose on
a charge of swindling- and Northrup and
Parsons assert they itre victims of the
reverend gentleman's alleged \u25a0 fraudu
lent operations.
Parsons and Xorthrup say they came
to Oakland, where the headquarters of
the company are situated, to. discover
whether there was anything that could
be saved from the wreck. . They' re
paired to Mrs. Smith's residence at 11
Portland avenue this morning and re
quested to see the records. According
to Parsons and Northrup the hooks
were not forthcoming, although they
say they made known their identity as
stockholders. • During the meeting
Xorthrup got one of therecords, but he
says Mr?. Smith snatched it away from
him and ordered her callers out of the
house. Northrup and Parsons appeared
in the Police Court and pleaded not
guilty, trial being set for to-morrow.
QUEST LEADS TO ARREST.
3liss Ethel Dodge Joined in
Wedlock to Key. Jacob
Spoolinan.
Wiltae Kollcven 3lcGlnnfty, but the
Pittnbarg: Plrnten 'lake Kindly
to His Offering*.
HIGHLANDERS GKT AWAY
with st. Uouis imow.vs
" MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand, Aug. 3.
The following marriage licensee were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Carl A. 1 Saur,
25, and Anita L. Lawson, 23. both of San
Francisco: Manuel Perry, 33, and Sarah Mor
ton, 25, both of Fruitvale: Jennie Nash. 25,
and Bernard Val?rrz-jela. 37, both of Sacra
»«rtto; Cora' H. Mitchell, 28. and Lewis E.
Ward. '2A. both of San Francisco: Guy M.'
Lytm. S3, and Ella W. Morrison, 21. both of
San. Francisco: Arthur P. Musser. 25, Oakland
and Julia C. R^nison, 2\ Berkeley.
ENGINEER BEATS KNIFE WI ELDER,—
Alaroeda, Aug. 3. — Engineer John Matthias of
the Fire Department pleaded guilty to-day to
battery upon J'orrlr Sternesher. a dairyman,
and Justice of the Peace F. S. Cone suspended
sentence. Matthias testified that he saw
Sternesher threatening a boy with an open
pocket-knife because the lad would not give
Elm a rope, anil the de fenflani promptly struck
the dairyman on the n*ck, knocking him out.
BEAT HER PET DOG. — Oakland, Aug. 3. —
Charging that her buebar.d threw her pet dog
out of their home and broke Its leg and then
beat it with a broomstick. Ethel Matthew has
brought an action of divorce against Melville
H. Matthew, an employe of the J. 6111 Com
pany of Berkeley, where the says he earns
$100 a month. Wh'.le they have only been
married since D*v^>mtx > r. 1903, she Bays h<» has
cursed and sworn at her for nearly the entire
time.
ALAMEDA LIBRARY .REPORT.— Alameda,
Aug. 8. — According to the annual report of Li
brarian F. B. Graves or the Alameda Free
Library and Reading-room, filed witji the City
Clerk, there are BgOO namee on the membership
roll of th« Institution. \u25a0 During the twelve
months ending June 30 there were 107,000 books
issued.
SECITRES LARGE LOAN.—O akland. Aug.
S. — A, trust deed was made to-day by Helen
F. VTltcher to the Union Savings Bank of this
dty. In which she pledges choice pieces of
realty ehe received as one of the Blake heirs
as eecurlty for a loaa of f40,0<»0. The prop
erty Is situated both here and In San Kran
clsco.
SOX OF PIONEER PASSES AWAY.—Oak
land, Augr. 3. — Dr. Horace Laid lair, a son of
the late Walter Loidiaw, a pioneer resident of
this city, ' die d yesterday m San Francisco. 4'i
yrars of age. He leavee a widow, Mrs. E. D.
La'dlaw; a eon, H. B. Laidlaw. a mother and
two brothers, Murray and Frank Laidlaw.
. ASKS -TO BE REINSTATED.— OakIand.
Aug. S. — Fourteen men;t»ers of the Butchers'
Union who withdrew from the organization
during ihfc recent strike have made application
for reinstatement. A special meeting of the
•union will be htld on August 16 to consider the
.applications.
PROCURING RIGHT OF WAY DEEDS.—
Oakland, Aug. X. — Prc-j>araiory to the construc
tion nt the new Cemetery. Creek . sewer deeds
are being procured by the City Attorney for
reeded right of way' through private holdings.
Tfce fewer will divert Fewage frcm'Lake Mer
ritu
CONTERENCE ON PUBLIC IMPROVE
MENTS. — Oakland, Aug. 3.— Members of the
City Council and other city officials held a
.conference last night- at -the Ma-ycr's office
relative to general public improvements. Dis
cussion »»f along general lines, no definite ac-.
tion being taken.
DEATH CALLS MRS. BLOOM— Oakland.
Aug. S. — Mrs. Catherine Eloom, CS years, of
age. died last night at her home, SID Twenty
fourth street, She had resided in Oakland -for
the last Jorty-Eix year's. She leaves p. widower,
George Bloom, and several children.
JCRY DISAGREES.— OakIand. 'Aug-. 3.— The
jury !n the case of H. C Tuck,, a Socialist
charged with speaking on a. public tsjxeet within
th« fire limits without a permit, disagreed,
eumcitng seven for conviction to five lor ac-
Quittal.
LOCAL TRAIN' HITS '\VA<*ON\— Oakland,
Aug. 3. — The Seventh-street lo£al train struck
ene cf the deUrerr wagons of ttie Golden Wpst
Bakery at Seventh and Market streets at nden
to-day, but the driver and horse escaped Injury.
Tit wagon was badly daincgcd.
- ISLE CITY POLICE REPORT.— Alamfeda,
Jlvk o. — Forty-two arresia were marte by the
police lu-re la»-t month an<x> licenses amounting
to $lf»4T for dbg tags "and f'Moi tor business
jprere collected.
BCP.GLAR STEALS \u25a0COlN'.— Oakland. Aug.
8. — W. H. Mathftjj 1 , raiding at 974 Seventh
street, reported to the police to-day that a bur
plar entered his residence ia« night and Btole
»30.
STANFORD GRADUATE
BECOMES A BRIDE
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
District Attorney Boyd said that If
there were reliable men employed by
the Supervisors as special officers to ar
rest every transgressor, it would have
a healthy effect on the observance of
the existing law. Ex-Assemblyman J.
W. Atherton of Novato introduced re
solutions calling upon the Supervisors
to pass an ordinance In regard to
mountain roads and to empjoy men as
auto-police, to be stationed at different
parts of the county, to enforce both the
State and county regulations.
Among those at the meeting were:
George Mason, of Red. Hill; J. W. Ath
erton, Novato; B. G. Morse, Bolinas; C.
J .Pease, Point Reyes; F. S. Johnson,
H. J. Lucas. F. F. Cochrane, T. P. Boyd.
S. H. Olmsted and G. E. Butler. .
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 3. — There was a
good deal of discussion at the meeting
held by prominent citizens this after
noon in the office of District Attorney
3oyd to devise ways and means to en
force the present State and county
automobile regulations. Ex-Supervisor
George Mason of Red Hill was chosen
chairman of the meeting. Letters ad
vocating' the strict enforcement of the
existing laws were read from James
Coffin of the Union Sugar Company, J.
F. D.- Curtis, manager of the Provldenae
Washington Insurance .Company, Wil
liam Babcock of the Merchants" Ex
change, and others. In the course of
the discussion, it was shown that In
many instances autoists traveling over
the prohibiteti roads have jeopardized
the lives of persons in vehicles.
C. J, Pease, who represents many
taxpayers^ said that it was dangerous
for the farmers to travel over the roads
as the autoists proceed at a high rate
of speed, regardless of the narrow road.
Rev. Dr. Crosby, head master of the
Mount Taniulpais Military School, rclted
several instances in which serious ac
cidents had barely been averted. He
thought the county would be better if
the motorists were excluded from the
use of all' highways in this county. Mr.
Eells stated that he had observed cases
on mountain roads where the most con
scientious autoist could not avoid a
mishap. Some parties said that if the
autos continued to travel over the pro
hibited roads, they would be obliged
to dispose of their holdings as it was
not safe for them to drive.
6AUSALITO. Aug. 3.— Henry Collins,
a prominent plumber of this town and
the best shot in the county, had a flgllt
for his life with an enormous, enraged
and crippled buck In Portuguese Gulch,
in the Lucas Canyon, yesterday after
noon. He has hunted for all kinds of
wild game in this county and along the
shores of Alaska, Siberia and Japan, but
never did any of -iis hunting experience
place him In such a dangerous position.
He was hunting on the grounds of the
Victor Club with Benjamin Baum of
1144 Howard street. San Francisco, Sal
vador Pacheco. Thomas •J. Fallon, Mi
chael Murray and Henry Marten of San
Rafael. Leo de Sella of this town and
Victor Sartort. owner of the grounds,
all club members.
• One of the hunters fired two sbots at
a large buck, who was leaving the bot
tom of the gulch. 200 yards distant,
crippling- him. Collins, who was close
by, started down the sidehill tnrough
the dense brush for the bottom of the
gulch. He thought me deer was mor
tally wounded. As he was - going
through the undergrowth he ran upon
the -deer in a small clearing about
twenty-five feet In diameter. The ani
mal was in the center of a circle of
hounds. As soon as the buck saw Col
lins it- lowered its head to charge upon
him. Before the deer got within ten
feet of him Collins raised his rifle and
dropped the animal with a bullet
through the neck.
The deer fought desperately with the
dogs and again attacked Collins before
it expired. Several of the bounds were
badly wounded in the fight. The de«r
was the largest ever seen around this
place and when dressed weighed 153
pounds. De Sella and Collins each killed
a spike and Pacheco and Baum a forked
horn. Collins said:
"I have been In many close places dur
ing my hunting experience, but never had
as close a call as this on» and I hope that
I never will. I did not expect to en
counter the deer so soon and when I
saw him coming toward me with his
head down, ten feet away, I thought
that my time had come. I put my rifle
to my shoulder and dropped him. If I
had missed him. he would have killed me.
He is the largest deer that I ever saw
in California."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dtaoatch to Tb* C*IL
Tht- Supervisors were busy to-day
checking up the account with the Central
N»rs Company and they have found a
number of discrepancies warranting big
cuts in the items. It is said to be the
opinion of some of the Supervisors that
the bilis have been stuffed and they de
clare no «uch amounts will be paid the
woman for stationery. Various county
officers have either been, careless and im
posed upon, or they have been participat
ing in petty grafting.
OAKLAND, Aug. S.-Mre. Lottie M.
Ciaisbey -apjjf-ared before the Board of
Supervisors to-day and demanded an ex
planation why the bills ehe held against
trre county for $400y, due on stationery
and supplies, were not paid. Some of the
\u25a0accounts with the various offices are far
too large, and as the result of . an ex
pert's ' report there has been much prun
ing. Some peculiar juggling with the sta
tionery account was unearthed and an
investigation is to be made,
Tht woman conducts' the Central News
Company, at 1203 Broadway, and had one
Otto l». Hasse in her employ." During her
absence several months ago it is claimed
that Hasse assigned JI9OQ to the Central
Bank, and now since her return the
cinount of her bills calling for $1900 has
been cut to $1500. It is said that a corre
sponding reduction will be made on all
the bills, but if the reductions are made
M:s. Clat-bey threatens to employ attor
neys to defend her rights.
,lt i? alleged that several Items on the
various bills are misrepresented and
should read stationery instead of office
fvrpi'ure. Mrs. Clasby believes that the
tCrgir.g of wrong items in place of the
originate is the work of pome- one trying
tr> <io her harm.
POINT RICHMOND, Aug. 3.— Point
Richmond is' now an incorporated town.
j The election to-day settled that ques-
I tlon by the decisive vote of 256 to' s2.
Last night posters and circulars were
issued denouncing incorporation. This
circular was _without signature, where
upon a committee of leading citizens
who were in favor of incorporation this
morning issued a signed circular, as fol
lows:
•"Some one seems to be > getting
pinched.
"Men of Richmond, are you going to
allow the grafting building and loan
associations and land companies to in
fluence your voting by paid articles in
city papers and unsigned posters dis~
trlbuted under cover of darkness?
"Be independent of corporate In
fluence! \u25a0 . . : ... ...
"Vote for the good of Richmond and
the • health of your* wives and little
children! .
"This, is a home proposition. Think
for yourselves and vote for your own
good ! ...
"H. B. Kinney, H. H. Turley, James
Crulckshank. Frank Hull. William El
lis, committee." . . ,
Two tickets for the first set of town
cipal fight was for Town Marshal. For
that office there were three candidates,
Harry Livingstone winning after a hard
fight. The result of the election is as
follows: .
For Trustees (first five elected) — E. J.
Garrard, 244; S. R. Curry, 220; F. S.
Babcock, 162; Frank Critchett, 159;
John Kenny, 153; James- Cruickshank,
143; S. F. Jenkins, 123; L. S. Hig
gins, 100; A. C. Lang, 67. For Mar
shal, Harry Livingstone, 115; J. J. Mc-
Hale, 95; J. H. Gregory, .78; Clerk, J.
V. Galbraith, 242; Treasurer, W. Stair
ley, 248.
OAKLAND, Aug. " 3.— ln a bower of flow
ers, under the trees on the lawn of the bride's
\u25a0 home in Fruitvale, Mrs. Anna Albrech't Irwln
| and Edward M. Bray were married yesterday
afternoon, leaving immediately after the' cere
mony for their honeymoon. They will make
their home in Fruitvale. The marriage cere
mony, which was witnessed by only the near
relatives, was performed by the nev. Burton
L. ii J alruer, pastor of fruitvale Chapel.
The bride was gowned in pale blue crepe
de chine and wore a white eliift'on hat trimmed
with ostrich plumes. Her only attendant was
her little daughter, Margery Irwln.
•- * *
The home of Walter. Starr, tn East Oakland,
was the scene of a pretty wedding. this even
ing, when Miss Florence ritarr, one of the most
popular members of the younger social sec of
East Oakland, became the bride of Joseph
Notely .Thomas. The P.»v. Charles H. Brown,
pastor or the First Congregational Church,
officiated. Alter the wedding Clipper Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas left lor a wedding trip through
Southern California, at the close of which they
will resldo at th? Thomas mine, near Bedding.
• • •
Miss Lola Hatcher and Alexander A. Perry
were married this evening at the home of the
bride"* parent*. Mr. and Mrs. Robert L.
Hatchsr, at 154 Eighth street. The bride was
attended by her cousin. Miss Ethel Shuey, and
Clarence A. Shuey acted as best man. After
the honeymoon In Southern California, Mr.
and Mrs. Perry will reside In Oakland.
• » *
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence M. Crowell have re
turned from a trip to the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
•. * *
ALAMEDA, Aup. 3.— The marriage of Miss
Elizabeth Lorentzen, a well-known teacher in
an Alameda school, and Jcseph E. Hughes, the
principal of the Merced High School, which
took place yesterday afternoon at the home Of
the bride's mother. Mrs. N. P. Lorentzen, on
Clinton avenue, came «s a great surprise to
the friends of the couple, who had been kept
in ignorance of the approaching event. . The
Rev. Father T. C. "O'Connell, assistant pastor
of St. Joseph's Church, officiated. The bride
and groom left for a honeymoon trip to the
Portland Fair, after which they will reside in
Merced. The groom Is a brother of Charles
C. Hughes, former Superintendent of Schools
of Alameda.
Disappearance of Fifteen-
Year -Old Girl Followed
I by a Sensational Sequel
BERKELEY, Aug. 3. — "Mrs." Joel
A*reo has determined to fight for pos
session of her pretty 15-year-old
daughter, Esther, who disappeared last
Saturday, even though tho mother's
contest may bring upon her- the re
proach attaching to those who have not
the sanction of church or state fbr
their marital relations.
"Mother love in the case of "Mrs."
Agee has triumphed over personal
pride and she is determined that the
search for. her missing girl, nqw sup
posed to be in the custody of hor fath
er, Jesse Van V#l6or, shall be contin
ued even at the cost of an expose of
the mother's relations during 'the last
few years with the man who has posed
as her husband, but to whom she has
never been married.
It developed to-day, as a sequel to
the mother's attempt to recover Esther,
her daughter, that although she has
resided with Joel Agee at 1240 Alston
way for years as his wife the only cer
emony that united them was a hand
shake,, given by each- at a; timer when
Agee had interfered to prevent Van
Veisor from abusing the woman.' At
that time, "Mrs." Agee admits.
Van Veisor left her and she
and Agee decided that fate had
thrown them • together and they •
would not be separated, even though the
Divorce Court had not freed the woman
from her husband, Jesse Van Veisor.
Esther Van Veisor, the little girl, was
at that time given to Mrs. E. Steele of
Peralta Park to care for and it was
from Mrs. Steele's home that the girl
disappeared last week. The mother at
once asked the police to help her find
Miss Esther and declared her belief
that Van Veisor, the father, had kid
naped the girl. .
The aftermath of this accusation was
the revelation to-day of Mrs. Van Vel
sor's life as mother and wife, which is
understood to be the ground upon
which Mrs. Steele, who admits sending
the child away to keep it from the
mother, justifies h<?r action.
Liveliest Fight Is for
Marshal and Harry Liv
ingstone Is the, Victor
Immense Buck Rushes Upon
Henry Collins. "Who Uses
Rifle With Good Effect
Desire to Keep Cars From
the Mountain Roads That
Driving May Be Made Safe
AROUSED BY ACCIDENTS
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED
AUGUST BIDS
WELCOME TO
FOUR BRIDES
DEOPPED BY A BULLET
I have never visited or talked with any one
directly or' lndirectly connected with the Syn
dicate or any of its allied corporations upon
the matter ot , its s assessments. I .did visit
Wickham Havens, who Is not connected with
the Syndicate, when he wanted to talk
me about a read through -some property. The
road wanted was Inside of the city limits and
we did not mention assessments. It has been
Fald in thp oaoers that I had stated that I
believed . that the assessments of the Realty
Syndicate should be Increased. I have neyr
made any Ftatempnt of any kind about assess
ments.
I wish that Assessor Dalton ;were here to
day, for I have something to say abou,t him.
I sent him a n<ne asking him to b? present at
the meeting to-day, bocaupe T was solng tn
charge Jilm with dereliction In his duty and
I. wanted him present when. I said It. I am
now going to ask the Clerk for the personal
property a«:*eFsm«;nt roll for the year.
MIKES >ionrc CHARGES.
County Clerk Cook said that it had not
been turned over to him and Supervisor
Rowe continued: ; ; .- ,
Htre we are sittlnc as. a Board of Eciuall
i zotion trying to pass upon assessments when
w<» hay« not got the complete rolls bsfore us.
I for one would like to know what the personal
property of some of these corporations Is as
sessed for. y<=t Dalton. without life or Hcens?.
retains a portion of the assessment rolls which
w e are expected to pass upon. This looks to
me like a piece of raw politics In the year
before election. Dalton now asks the board to
sustain him in his actions, and I say now
that I have been submitting to his actions for
three year* until I am disgusted. If Dalton
would do his work like a business man In
stead of like a faker, and would assess the
county of Alameda equally for about 60 per
cent of Its valuation Instead of playicg to the
gallery, we would have money enough to pay
all oT our bills, and '* th» tax rate would be
ore third leso. -The .conduct of the Assessor
has don*, more, to hurt this county than the
corporations that are trying' to evade paying
taxes. Th<> Assessor Is the- man 'responsible
for the high tax rate In this county. i
"The A««Ff>tw>r: In one ~or his- circulars, says
that the K<>y Route is assessed for about ' 25
per cent of, Ita value. It that Is true h» lv
Vcrelict in his duty" as 'an 'Assessor. I find
here that one of the banks In this city Is
assisted for $130,000 for its property and
building.- while in 1U literature it places
th« value at $250,000. Is that a fair assess
ment? .1 would ljkp' to- examine the-' personal
property - assessment ;of some: of the banks
and corporations, 1 but we. have not, got the
book.'. . . . i
Chief Deputy Assessor Robinson ex
plained ;that the . Assessor has to collect
the personal property, tax. and that in
ordfr to do so, h$ must retain the roll.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— Supervisor H. X>.
Rpwe made.an open attack upon County
Assessor Henry P. j_alton at the meeting
of the County Board pf Equalization this,
morning, tho attack being called for.th
by the tight that is being waged over the
assessment of the Oakland Traction Com
pany, the Key Route ferry and railroad
service, and tho Realty Syndicate. •.
The attack was a startling one, for in
days gone by Supervisor Rowe and As
sessor Dalton were political frUnds, but
to-day the Supervisor said things in open
(meeting that have set the politicians on
J edge, and made people sit up and look
; around to see what was coming next.
j The Board of Equalization, however,
I did nothing except listen to Supervisor
J Rowe, adopt a resolution embodying some
i of the speech-of Supervisor Rowe against
I Assessor DaKon and some of the press,
1 receive seme petitions and circulars asking
that the assessment of the corporations
in question be not reduced, and then
adjourn. The corporations in question
have not, as yet, asked for any reduction
in assessment. • . . . \u25a0 "
SUPERVISOR GROWS WARM.
' Supervisor Rowe blazed up just after
\the board had got through with some
routine business. A number of long
petitions . that have been in circulation
throughout the county for several days
were presented opposing any reduction in
the assessments of the Realty Syndicate
and its allied railroad and' ferry corpora
tions. Upon this Mr. Rowe presented tlie
following resolutions,- w»..ch were adopted
by the votes of all of the members pres
ent. Supervisor Kelly being absent:
Whereas, It has come to the notice of the
Board of Supervisors sitting &s a Board I of
Equalization of Alameda County, toy peraonal
notices %Jid circulars .and also through th? pub
lio press,- Intimating-. Insinuating and \ even
charging that this board, or individual mem
bers thereof, are being bought, bribed or per
suaded by a certain corporation to reduce its
assessment to .the great detriment of this
county; and
Whereas, The County Assessor and the pub
lic prpss seem to be greatly wrought up for
fear that we are about to commit a great In
justice; and
Whereas, This board wishes once and for
all to allay all fears on that subject, and to
save the unnecessary worry and expens* of
our County Assessor, the pres>s and others,
who are expending their valuable time and
money circularizing the county, and securing
interviews and signatures to letters for pub
lication on matters which have never as yet
been presented for the consideration of this
board, and which, bo far as we know, never
may. be; now therefore be it "
Resolved, That . this board, before taking
final action upon any application presented to
it. will diligently inquire Into the merits of
the request and will be governed In Its final
decision by the evidence introduced before it,
and not Iby any outside pressure or effort to
Intimidate or jam; and be It further
Resolved. That this board deeply regrets the
failure of the Assessor of this county to deltv
<-r the assessment rolls of this county within
the time provided by law. co that a fair op
portunity might have been given to this board
to fully Investigate the assesment of a large
number of ..corporations and Individuals
throughout the county.
While this Was before the board Super
visor Rowe made his speech. He read
"selections from newspaper articles and
.from.-documents that have been in cir
culation . for. some time, and then said
in part:
This board and its members have been
grossly misrepresented. Whether an attempt
has been made to' browbeat and bulldoze the
member* x»t the board Into taking action upon
assessments before an application for a re
duction has-been filed I will leave oth#r6 to
Judge. Up to the present time there has been
no application for a reduction filed by any of j
the corporation Involved, and, as far as I am ;
concerned, I know of no application that will
bes filed, and yet petitions are being filed
j asking us to sustain Dalton'a assessments. A
I San Fc^ncisco paper has gone bo far as to
intimate that I had visited the Realty Syn
dicate to ascertain who was going to handle
I their assessment matters.
\u25a0 *
Investigation Will Be 3lade
and Various County Of
ficers 3lay Have Trouble
CLAIMS CUT HEAVILY
SA YS OFFICER JUGGLES THE ROLLS
Mrs. Clasbey Asks That Su
pervisors Pay Her and
Lays Bare Crooked Work
9 '\u25a0•
Incorporation Wins by an
Overwhelming Majority Af
ter a Spirited Contest
MafiS County Citizens Hold
Meeting to Devise Plans
to Check the Motorists
SHE IGNORES CEREMONY
Strange Phase of Woman's
Life KeveaJed When Her
Daughter Is Taken Away
Animal Puts Up Desperate
fight After It Had Been
Shot in Sausalito Hills
Delivers Impassioned Speech Charging
H. P. DaltonWith Neglect of Duty. :
SUPPLY BILLS
ARE HELD UP
PROVES WIFE
IN NAME ONLY
RICHMOND NOW
HAS TOWN RULE
AUTO POLICE
MAY BE USED
DEER BATTLES
WITH HUNTER
SUPER VISOR ROWE
ATTACKS ASSESSOR
N EWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4. 1905.
LOTTERY TICKET HELLER FORFEITS.—
Oakland. Aug. S.—A.V. Billings, charged with
m-lHng .lottery. .ticket*., forfeited 950 ball to
day in the Police. Court, v -»: T . ' \u25a0'\u25a0'-
CHICAGO; y Aiigr 1 3.— Jockey , Harold
MacMahon,'*; who .'was, suspended at Los
Angeles . last season, . was granted a,, li
cense to-day by the American, .Turf
Association. \u0084"\u25a0;\u25a0-•.--\u25a0*—•- *•."\u25a0 --:"•'*";;*\u25a0\u25a0
Jockey, MaeMalion. Get* .lilcense.
5 • PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 3. — The steam
ship Columbia, a stern-wheel river ves
sel, arrived here to-day ; from Puget
Sound. In coming up . the - Columbia
River she made the distance in four
hours and. 1 fifty-five minutes, which Is
record time."
Xew Ilfcord on the Columbia.
DES MOINES, -lowa. Aug. 3.—"Far
mer" Burns '.defeated'VJack Carey, the
"Montana . Cowboy,'.' '\u0084; r ln..- a' wrestling
match here 'to-nfeh't.'v taking the; first
and third' falls.: i-Carey; won the second
after a hard- struggle; , '\u25a0\u25a0-':-- \u25a0 \u25a0' ~
Bnrus.lThroTT* . Carey.
SAN JOSE, Aqg. 3.— A Lutheran the
ological seminary may be located* in
San Jose. The Lutheran Pacific Synod
of Washington and Oregon and the Cal
ifornia Lutheran Synod are looking
about for a site to locate such aschool
and San. Jose Is favored by some of the
members of the committee having the
matter, in hand. \ Money is being raised
for such a seminary, and if a site is do
nated near this city It is believed that
the seminary will be located here. \u25a0
The . Lutherans -have twenty- three
seminaries Lin the United states, but
none of them are located west of Kan
sas. The Lutherans of this city have
been discussing the advisability; of se
curing the seminary for San Jose and a
meeting will shortly be held looking to
obtaining It. l \u25a0- - . .
Some Members of the Committee Said to
Look With Favor 'at Gar
den City. : '. .
6
indescribable fear, for
\u25a0•. WA . \u25a0 . child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the corning event, and casts over her %
-hadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of \romeo
have found that the use of' Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
:md child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at th«
ime of. their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women " safely through the perils of child-birth, but its uso
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness." and other dis-
$ i. oo per . bottle. Book- *sa»a» m 1«^
Ihe Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanflb 6a. MmS^-fDENIBE PRTOL. A WHlT.— Judge Murasky
denied tbe petition of Charles L. Pryol, a non
union electrician, for an Injunction restraining
the members of the Electrical Workers' Union
I'ctn refusing to work with him. Judge Mu
ra*ky heid that men may quit their work
whenever they' Bee fit. or for any cause, though
they cannot compel others to quit work -by
means of threats or Intimidation.
Yon would like to and could ova one
of the Homea advertii>ed In Sunday's
CALI~
Citf or Suburban— n» you please wold
on Installments. Read tbe ads.
Prominent politicians from all parts
of the State attended the funeral of the
well-known Republican, Michael H.
White, yesterday. The funeral took
place from his late residence at 15 Fell
Btreet. Deceased was a native of Can
ada, 55 years of age, and at one time
body guard to the late Senator Stan-
Politicians Attend Funeral.
A personally conducted excursion, via
Grand Canyon of Arizona, Denver, Colo
rado Springs, Manitou, Garden of the
Gods, Pikes Peak, Kansas City and Chi
cago; $57.75 round trip to Buffalo, in
cluding trip to Grand Canyon; every day
a holiday; the grandest eight-seeing ex
cursion of the year.
F. of A. Attention! This Is your offl
cial route. Reservations should be made
at once. •
For further particulars ask at No. 6G3
Market street, Santa Fe Office.
Buffalo* »"\u25a0 York and Return, at Little
Cost.
EAST AT LOW RATE.
Bidwtll was waiting for a car shortly
before S o'clock to go to his home at
3634 Sacramento street. He was seen
to topple iovcr by several persons and
they went to his assistance. Captain
Duke of the Central Station happened
to be passing and he sent in a call for
the ambulance.
The sergeant \u25a0was unconscious when
brought into the hospital and after vig
orous treatment on the part of Dr.
Goodale and Steward Hayes he re
gained consciousness an hour later. He
has a far chance to recover.
Bidwell is 54 years of age and has
been a member of the Police Depart
ment for about twenty years. He is
desk sergeant at the City 'Prison.
Police Sergeant Richard Bidwell was
stricken with apoplexy early last even
ing at Eddy street near Larkin. He
was brought to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital In a precarious condition.
Fall* In Street aud Ik Sent to Emere
enejr Hospital in a Precarious
Condition.
SERGEAVT R. BIDWEIX IS
STRICKEX WITH APOPLEXY
All the witnesses In the case of William
F. Hopkins, who Is under $2000 bond on
the charge of stabbing with Intent : to
murder James McGlnley,: have ; been noti
fied by Judge Fritz to report to the Dis
trict . Attorney, who is investigating < the
booking of the defendant for assault to
do great bodily harm Instead of assault
to commit murder.; The "complaint was
yesterday amended to comply with the
latter charge and the case* is set for
hearing next Thursday^ in Judge Fritz's
court. , ; c \u25a0"•\u25a0; .. . '
The story goes that Warren Herman,
alias Newman, keeper of a shipping
agency at 26 Steuart street, informed Pa
trolman McGreavy that a sailor aboard
the British ship Battle Abbey was a de
serter from the United States navy; that
McGreavy arrested the mariner, who not
only proved he was no deserter, but em
ployed Vaughn to prosecute Herman, and
tnat Vaughn obtained a warrant for Her
man's arrest, but before presenting It for
Judge Fritz's signature visited Herman
at the latter's residence, on Diamond
street, and notified him of .what had been
done, said visit and notification being ir
regular.
After Herman had complained of
Vaughn's conduct he weakened, and his
wife has been summoned to tell what she
knows about the .incident. Attempt to
extort has been hinted at, and the case
promises to wax In Interest.'
In the office of the Warrant and Bond
Clerk and the court of Judge Fritz there
is agitation over the alleged unprofes
sional conduct of an attorney named
Vaughn.
.Patrolman Prohl testified that the Jap
was recumbent and asleep in a doorway
on Grant avenue, near Pine street, when
Mr. Rose^ "went through him," or, In
other words, searched his pockets and
abstracted therefrom such of the con
tents as were considered desirable. The
harvest was not what the gleaner had
expected it to be, however, for in rage
of disappointment he threw away a few
keys and other worthless things and then
fell to belaboring with feet and hands
the still slumbering victim.
"He was beating the Jap as hard as he
could when I nabbed him," said the po
liceman. "It was the first time I ever
saw a hophead strike any one, and if the
Jap hadn't been too drunk to hit back
I'm sure this fellow wouldn't have at
tacked him."
Mr. Rose was given four months.
• • •
fleeted by his sunken and sallow cheeks,
the abnormal dilation of his glittering
eyes, his unkempt person, his shuffling
gait, his ghastly smile of propitiation at
the magistrate. Then the disappointed
cualr warmers settled down to be bored
by another period of the commonplace.
But the case was not altogether devoid
of the unique, for the defendant stood
charged with the offense — most unusual
for a "dope fiend" to commit— of having
battered a Japanese Inebriate whrfm he
had robbed of several articles of trifling
value.-
In co-operation with the Southern
Pacific Company, which recently added
$100,000 to the fund set aside for ad
vertising to bring tourists to Cali
fornia, the California Resort League
yesterday decided to subscribe $10,000
for the purpose of accommodating the
tourists when they arrive. A meeting
of the league, which Includes the pro
prietors and managers of many of the
largest hotels in California, was held
yesterday afternoon at the Palace
Hotel. Colonel J. C Kirkpatrick, pres
ident of the league, presided.
On behalf of the railroad, Charles S.
Fee and James Horsburgh Jr. addressed
the mooting and urged the hotel men to
tnke some action In view of the appro
priation of the railroad. The money
will be utilized in advertising Cali
fornia in the East. A magnificent four
colcr pamphlet is being prepared by the
league showing the advantages of the
State.
AdxertKe in Other Statn the
AdvantagrcM of California.
\\ 111 Appropriate Additional Money to
HOTEI, .VEX TO CO-OPERATE
WITH THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
' imputation of aural defectiveness upon
| him or any other person there present.
! They had spoken in accustomed tone.
! acquired through necessity of having
i their speech understood by those to whom
I it wus addressed amid the constant din
jin the Joshua Hendy machinery and
| boiler manufactory, where they were era
! ployed as blacksmiths.
"All right," was the judicial condone-
I ment. "Now, what about their alleged
i peace disturbance in this hall?"
It was in the office of the Warrant and
! Bond Clerk that the Eithers offended.
; They were intoxicated when they vocifer
! ously endeavored to inform "Tim" Fitz
j patrlck that they desired to have the j
' wife of one of them arrested for disturb
i ing his peace by means of her vocal
| loudness.
"Well, you needn't shout," said the
• usually urbane "Tim" to the twain.
Then they shouted more loudly than
I ever, and their language was not only
I condemnatory of the lady of whom they
j complained, btlt also abusive of him
i whom they addressed. When requested to
I depart and return when they were sober,
J they fairly roared refusal, so there was
! nothing else for Mr. Fitzpatrlck to do in
| the line of self-defense than to summon
j police aid. •
"1 DIDN'T KNOW I WAS BREAKING
: THE PEACE," said the younger defend
j ant, and though he had evidently endeav-'
ored to modulate his voice Its reverbera
! tion brought in another crowd of loiterers
i from the lobby.
"I am inclined to believe you speak the
| truth." responded the bench, "and I hope
j you will refrain from speaking any more
j until you are beyond earshot of this as
j semblage. Go home."
j ' Several attorneys interchanged puns on
I the surname of the defendants, but none
j cf the flights at wit would find acceptance
by any s journal other than Puck or
i Judge.
• • •
"A stupid mistake, sir— a stupid mls
j take," said John McQuaid when asked
I what he had to say in response to the
j charge that he willfully consumed one
! beefsteak in a Market-street restaurant
j and pleaded lack of funds wnen the bill
for tlie -same was presented to him. His
mien was dignified and he spoke with
forensic deliberateness.
"What do you do for a living, or do
you do anything?" Judge Fritz inquired.
"I have the honor to be dt your pro
fession—l'm an attorney at law," was the
answer.
"Why did you eat the steak when you
had no money to pay for it?"
"As I hay% already stated to the court,
I am the victim of a stupid mistake— a
stupid mistake. I accepted an Invitation
i to dine with a client, and while we were
discussing some intricate phases of a law
suit in which he is the plaintiff and I am
his counsel, he received an unexpected
summons to his place of business and
left me temporarily while he responded.
He had not been given a reasonable time
in which to return when this restaurant
keeper accosted me with his bill.
"It just happened that I had emptied
my purse to relieve a friend's urgent
necessity, so I mas arrested and given
no opportunity to procure the paltry Bum
for which I was held."
"That's all tommyrot," said the com
plainant. "He had no companion in my
place. He's a bum."
"Beware, sir," exclaimed Mr. McQuaid,
"else your tongue may get you into se
rious trouble. There la such a thing as
a libel law."
"Well," chimed in the bench, addressing
the defendant, "as you have had a free
dinner, the very least I can do for you
is to provide free lodging.. Twenty-four
hours."
"This matter does not end here," omin
ously muttered Mr. McQuaid aa ho was
led away.
• • ", • ,»'\u25a0
It was the glare of the day orb strik
ing his eyes, Henry Stevens pleaded,
that caused him to involuntarily as
sume the recumbent attitude In which
he was found by the arresting police
man.
While walking along the western j
sidewalk of Kearny street, Mr. Stevens •
laboriously elucidated, and passing by |
Portsmouth Square he casually glanced \u25a0
up at the clock in the HaU of Justice j
tower, and the sunrays assailed his j
optics so fiercely as to momentarily |
blind him. Staggering backward, his j
heels struck the stone wall surround
ing the park, and next instant he found
himself sitting upon the sward within j
the historic spot. Ere he could resume j
hi 6 perpendicularity an ultra-officious
peace guardian. arrested him.
Had he been drinking? No, sir; not
a drop of intoxicating fluid had passed
his lips for a week preceding his in
carceration. What was his occupation?
A baker; and ho challenged any person
to prove that he did not work when he
could find work to do.
"What time of day was It when you
fell over the park wall ?", Judge Conlan
inquired, with seeming carelessness,
but actual cunning. •. \u25a0
"I can't tell you that," was Mr. St««
•
The London janitor who found and re
turned to its . owner a . pocketbook con
taining $1000 and was rewarded for his
honesty with a shilling has much more
to be thankful' for than has James W.
Greenlee, a Southern Pacific State rail
road policeman, who yesterday morning
found a pocketbook containing nearly
$10,0u0 ajiu "bn returning it to its owner
was rewarded with a letter commending
him for his honesty. • . /
Greenlee is stationed at the Southern
Pacific ticket office on Market street, and
yesterday morning he saw a man lay a
pocketbook on one of the desks and later
go away, leaving it behind. The officer
picked up the book and overtaking the
owner returned It to him.
The man first a=ked him to have a
drink, and on b?lng informed that the
officer was not a drinking man said:
"Well, then, the best I can , do is to give
you a recommendation for your hon
' csty," and going back to the ticket of
fice he wrote and gave to Greenlee the
following letter:
This is to certify that policeman No. 20, at
the Southern Pacific Railroad office, took up
and returned to me ;i pocketbook containing
S'.'STl in exchange, and $30 in coin; also a
railroad ticket and other valuable papers, and
1 most cordially commend him for his hen
esty. Mos* sincerely, H. H. RICE.
Sioux City, lowa.-
TVPOORAPIIICAI- UXIOX WILL
SEXD WHITE TO.COXVEXTIOX
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. H. Musser and family of Phila
delphia are at the Palace.
C. F. Langley of Watsonville Is regis
tered at the California. \
•W. P. Thomas, a well-known attorney
of Ukiah. !s at the Grand.
Frederick Blssell, a Toledo capitalist, is
a guest at the St. Francis. <
Dr. L.- Duncan Bulkley and wife and
daughters of New York are registered at
the St. Franci3. '
Chester A. Beatty, one of the foremost
"mining engineers of this country, and
wife arrived aY the St. Francis yesterday.
• • •
Aaoipti K. Harshall, arrested for
speeding an automobile at a forty
mlles-an-hour clip in Golden Gate
Park, declared that the ordinance he
was alleged to have violated conflicted
radically with the laws of the state of
California, from which he quoted most
liberally for the : enlightenment of
Judge Fritz. Patrolman Al Williams,
the complaining witness, also - venti
lated his legal acumen for the benefit
of the court, and his Honor was visibly
impressed by the unexpected competi
tive outpouring of statutory lore.
Mr. Harshall admitted having driven
his auto at a sneed .of twenty mile's an
hour within the park boundaries, but
contended that thereby he did not frac
ture any law of this commonwealth.
The Judge gave himself until to-day to
weigh the- arguments presented by the
rival amateurs.
When he was arrested at midnight
for ringing the doorbell of C. J. Cut
ting's residence. 2099 Bush street, Xor
man Hodgkinson informed the police
man that he was acquainted with a
certain inmate of the domicile with
whom he desired to converse, but every
member of the Cutting family denied
previous knowledge of him.
When placed before Judge Fritz to
answer the charge of peace disturb
ance Air. Hodgkinson spoke and acted
In such an irrational way that his san
ity was questioned, and he will be ex
amined to-day by the Lunacy Commis
sion.
In the process of clearing off his cal
endar, preparatory to taking a much
needed vacation. Judge Cabaniss en
riched the municlDality to the extent of
$100 by forfeiting William O. Kane's bail
in that sum.'
Mr. Kane is a hack-driver, and when
convicted of battery about a y^ar ago
he appealed to the Superior Court, where
the action of the lower^trlbuna! was
sustained and the defendant's bail to
appear for sentence fixed in the sum of
$100 cash, which he provided. But he
failed to appear for sentence on the day
appointed for that ordeal, and yester
day the bail was declared forfeited.
When the bailiff called '.'Winnie Rose"
the chair warmers in Judge Conlan's tri
bunal sat up ajid took notice, but Instead
of the female they apparently expected
to respond there stepped from the cage
a fellow with "opium 6lave" plainly rt-
full torn iann in Xcw York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — The following
Californians are in New York:
' From San Francisco — -Mfss A. Dusen
berg, at the Astor; I. Flanagan, at the
Seville; Mrs. Burke, at the Grand
Union; S. O'Brien and wife, at the Her
ald Square; Mis;; L. F. Scott, at the
Astor: K. Watson, at the Murray Hill;
Miss A. H. Wilson, at the Ashland.
From Los Angules — Miss Beakring,
at the St. Denis; H. B. Ellis, at the
Herald Square; f. H. Valwenkemp, at
the Belvedere; T. H. Outsman, at the
St. Andrews.. . .
Pamtdena People In Pnrla.
PARIS, Aug. 3. — The following Cali
fornians registered at t!»e Herald bu
reau to-day: Mrs. John " W. Hagus.
Frank H. and Miss Marjory Bolt of
Pasadena, ' • .
PORTLAND JOBBERS
WANT LOWER RATES
Object to Tariff on Products
Shipped From Golden
State.
Resolution of Condolence Extended Rel
atives of Unfortunate* Who Died
on Hoard the Henniugton.
San Francisco Typographical Union
will be represented at the international
conference in Toronto, Canada, during
August by Secretary Harry L. White.-
He will be joined on the trip by Ben C.
Kobinson of Los Angeles.
Walter Macarthur will speak before
the lruquois Club to-morrow evening on
the exclusion of the Japanese.
The Pressmen's Union . has engaged
attorneys to represent it in the suit
against Dettmer- Wilson, . who have ap
plied for an injunction' to prevent the
picketing of guards in front o^ their
place of business.
Eintrachl Hall is engaged for the an
nual ball of the Water and Power Pipe
Fitters' Union for August 12.
The Machinists' Lodge will- picnic in
Niles Canyon next Sunday.
A "renewal of the agreement between
the ship owners and Sailors' Union, in
cluding sub-unions, is reported.
A social dance was held last night by
tho Woman's Label League in Alcazar
Hall.
The Laborers' Protective Union has
appointed a committee on Labor day
celebration. ;
.. The following resolution, of condo
lence was passed for the unfortunate
relatives- of the men who met death on
the Bennington by the International
Union of Steam Engineers at their last
meeting:
( Whereas, by the explosion of a boiler on
board the United States gunboat Bennington.
while lying, at -anchor in San Diego Bay. an
unprecedented disaster has befallen our navy,
and" many of our' country's heroes have been
called by the Omnipotent Uuler of the Uni
verse to their eternal rest; therefore be It
Resolved, That San Francisco Local No. ft 4.
International Union of Steam j Engineers, de
plores the sad fate meted cut to our brave
defenders and extends its sympathy and condo
lence to the families and relatives In their
time of sorrow; and be It further
. Resolved, That these resolutions be spread -
In full upon our minuie3 and a copy sent to
the press. \u25a0 •
Committee — Nelson Bray. S. M. Black D.
W. McCarthy, John J. Morlarlty, Clark C.
Bradford. . • : .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WANTS JUDGMENT RENEWED.— John,
W. Sehofleld, as receiver for the Unfon Na
tional Bank of Denver. Colo., filed suit yester
day to renew a judgment against Isaac E.
Blake. The judgment, which was secured In
August. 19CO. is for ?:;i1,571 56.
. THIEF IS ARRESTED.— Patrick Foley wm
arrested yesterday by Patrolman Douglas for
the theft cf 03 ce-nts and a package of tobacco,
which .he is said to have szoien from the room
of Robert Kennedy, 8 Bray street. Kennedy
awoke in' time to see the tr»:ef and pointed out
Foley to a policeman.
WANTS HIS LICENSE BACK.— James V.
Calhoun, whose license to practice medicine
was revoked in May. 1905. on the ground *that
he was guilty of unprofessional conduct, ap
plied yesterday to the Superior Court for a
writ of review. He claims that the State
Board of Medical Examiners did not give him
a fair hearlnz.
BRYANTS WIFE IS DYlNG.— Chief Dlnan
received a letter yesterday from Mrs. C. E.
Bryant. Grass Valley, asking for Information
about Ed Bryant. She said his wife was dy-
Inc. He left Grass Valley a oout five weeks
ago and went to Sacramento, later coming to
this city. He is 'JS years of age, light com
plexion and smooth shaven.
SNEAK THIEVES AT WORK.— Miss S.
Strauss 1200 Stanyan street, reported to the
police yesterday that while she was playing
tennis in the court at Golden Gate Park on
Wednesday a gold breast pin was stolen from
her. Daniel McVhee. Nineteenth and Harri
son streets, reported that a chain tackle
valued at $15 had been stolen from his ware
house. /\u25a0
DEPLORE EXISTING CONDITIONS.—At
torney J. E. AVhlte deplored the existing con
ditions of the municipal government before
the quarterly convention of the Golden Gate
Christian Endeavor Union, neld yesterday at
the West Side Christian Church. Among the
other speakers who demanded a strict reform
were Dr. A. S. Kelly, president ,of the State
Christian Endeavorer Union; ' Rev. H. H. Bell,
D. D.. and J.»W. Hatch.
GENERAL, FISHER HOLDS HEARINGS.—
Aftfr hearing testimony in the matter of the
protest of S. Levy & Co. against the pay
ment of wool duttss on certain Importations of
wHM skins United States General Appraiser I.
F. Fisher yesterday «took up the matter of al
lesrfd undervaluations cf satsurna and cloisonne
yapps. HU recommendations In all the cases
thus far haard by- him will be contained in his
report to the Secretary of the Treasury. Gen
eral Klsher left yesterday afternoon for Los An
ge'es to try cf.ses there.
CH \RGED WITH BURGLARy. — Louis Ja
baras. a Porto Rican. was arrested at 726%
Pacific street yesterday by Petectlve BalHy
and booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burgla-y. He Is accujed by, Peter Weber,
proprietor of a lodging- house at 416 Broadway,
of entering his room «arly yesterday morning
and st*allng }>14 and a pass key from his
trousers rockets. The pass key was found
upon him when arrested. He was released a
few days ago. after serving a term of three
months for petty larceny.
WILLIAMSON CASE
STILL WITH 'JURY
PreHs Club
Nominations for officers of the Press
Club for the ensuing year were made at
the' quarterly meeting of the club last
night, as follows: President, John Mc-
Naught; vice president, T. L. Ford and
D. H. Fraser; secretary. Will H. Fischer
and E. J. Davis; treasurer. A. V. -Wood;
librarian. C. H. Tebbs and F. A. Dogr
gett; for directors — W. H. Fischer, A.
Dixon, P. H. Jones, R. W. Neal, H. P.
Bush. L. E. Stover, F. A. Doggett, J. W.
Scott. ' . i ,
YOUNO MAN SUCCUMBS
ON WAY TO THEATER
Charles Imlay Stricken >in
Watsonville While Ac
companied by Wife.
WATSONVILLE. Aug. 3.— This evening
Charles Imlay, a popular young man of
this .c.iy, while accompanying his wife
to the theater was stricken with an at
tack of heart failure within a short.dis
tance of the Opera-house. He succumbed
In less than half an hour. He was prom
inent in the Native Sons and other
fraternal orders.'
No Verdict Found After De
liberations Lasting
Two Days.
PORTLAND, Aug. 3. — On the ground
that .they are excessive, Portland job
bers and shippers generally will peti
tion Manager Schwerin of the Harri
man lines for a -reduction of the rates
put. in effect by. the new tariff of July
15. • Commission men, importing fruits
and vegetables from California, assert
that the. nev/ tariff means an advance
of 20 cents on fruit and 30 cents a
hundredweight on vegetables shipped
to this city. The commission men favor
patronizing the regular liners because
of better service, but may have to fall
back on the independent lines when
ever this can , be done.. Rail service,
they say, is too slow to be satisfactory,
although rates by rail are even a little
lower than the new steamboat tariff.
According to the best obtainable in
formation, independent lines do not
propose to follow tUe advance, but will
endeavor to capture as much new busi
ness as possible on the strength of it.
Over Million Attend Fair.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 3. — The Lewis
and Clark officials announce that with i
the attendance yesterday of 27,426 the ;
million mark has been passed, the .total
attendance from June 1 'to date, includ
ing passes, being 1,013,531.
" PORTLAND, Aug. B.— The jury In the
case of the United States 'against Con
; grcssman J. N. Williamson. Dr. Van
' Gessner and Marlon R. Biggs had not
1 agreed upon a verdict at 11 o'clock to
night and were locked up for the night.
Tfie jurors asked for further informa
tion to-day on what constituted "subor
nation of perjury." the charge upon
"which the defendants were Indicted, and.
being informed, retired.'
The women were captured in Weinstock,
L.uh;n & Co.'s store shortly before the
closing hour. Miss Scott carried the
satchel and Mrs. Grady after stealing
the shirtwaists slipped them to her. In
the eatchel were found four waists,
valued at IS apiece, and another wnist
was discovered in the folds of Miss
Scott's dress. At the City Prison the
jounger woman asserted that she was
vifiting Mrs. Gravy, whom she knew in
Stockton, and that it was the tirst time
she had ever accompanied her on any
of her shoplifting trips. Mrs. Grady at
tt-mpied to pass the burden of the biame
to Miss Scctt, but the clerk in the store
taw the elder woman pick up one of the
shirtwaists. When the article was gone
the price tag was seen hanging out of
Xhe Patchcl carried by Miss Scott and
the detectives were s^nt for. When ask
ed for the number of her room. Mrs.
'JracJy attempted to deceive the police
by giving a wrong number, but a thor
ough search of the house led to the dis
covery uf the loot. Jt was learned from
come of the other occupants of the house
ihat Miss Scott is on a visit to the city
with her father and mother and that she
was calling on Mrs. Grady when the two
went forth on their thieving tour. Most
of the stolen property has not been iden
tified ana the detectives will request a
number of mtrchants who have been
missing wares recently to visit polite
headquarters to-day with a view of asceiv
raining if any of the property belongs to
them. ,
Detectives Wren and Reynolds took
Mre. Nellie Grady, a lodging-house keeper
a-t 2SI Sixth street, and Miss Virginia
Scott, a girl 16 years of age, and a resi
dent of Stockton, into custody yesterday.
The curests disclosed the fact that the
alder •woman was schooling the younger
in the art of shoplirtlng and the latter
was on her first expedition when she was
detected. Hex clumsy work proved her
undoing. A price tag on a silk shirt
waist that had just been Btolen hung out
side a handgrip in which it hod been
secreted. One of the clerks noticed it
and the women were detained.
After the prisoners had been locked up
in the City Prison the detectives searched
Mrs. >Grady's room in her lodging-house
and recovered about $500 worth of stolen
property. There were expensive silk
skirts, waists, gowns and underwear in
abundance. Also silverware, coats, mink
ekins, stockings, handkerchiefs, spoons,
Cloves, bric-a-brac, satchels, card cases,
pictures, btads, clocks and almost every
article that could be easily taken. In ad
dition to this loot the police learned that
the woman placed in storage two other
trunks laden with stolen material and she
must have operated extensively for some
time.
It was explained to his Honor that the
Either brothers had not intended to cast
"It isn't necessary to shout your Inno
cence," said the # Jud£e, glaring balefully
at the defendants. "This court Is not af
flicted with deafness."
In thunderous tone the Either brothers.
L. and E., pleaded not guilty to the
charge that they had disturbed the peace
within the sacred precincts of the Hall
of Justice. So loudly wa» the plea ut
tered that Police Judge Fritz started
convulsively and Clerk Duffy almost
gulped the pencil stub clutched by his
lips. Idlers rußhed from corridor to court
room.
yens' answer; "but It was pretty dark."
"And the. rising sun had just dazed
your vision," • remarked his 'Honor.
"Three months."
3lrs. Xellio Grady and Miss
Virginia Scott Do Clumsy
Work and Land in Prison
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
31UCH LOOT RECOVERED
On Presenting It to Owner
Officer Is Cordially Com
mended for Virtuous Act
FINDS NEARLY $10,000
Woman Thief and Her Young
Pupil Detected in Large
Store and Are Arrested
Railroad Policeman James
Greenlee -.Receives Muiiifi
' cent Reward for Honesty
TWO BROTHERS SHOUT PLEA
Acquire Vocal Loudness by Working
Amid Constant Hammering in
Boiler Manufactory.
SHOPLIFTERS
ARE CAPTURED
RETURNS MONEY,
GETS A LETTER
THUNDEROUS TONES
RUFFLE COURT.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,' AUGUST. 4, 1905.
Darns*
For up-to-date Women's Shoes that fit
and wear. $3.50 and $5.00. 112 Geary St.*
Our. loads are; always lighter: lf we will
at least look as . though we liked them.
7
[piiyl "WJ& * A.' "Mil •
Kwß^ffli I^HE Scientific Stations for the Brewing In-
flt^fMliljl dustry of -Bohemia and Bavaria, attest that
' Budweiser is not only equal to the best Bohemian
and Bavarian beers in all their properties, but ex-
|^^^^^^^ ceeds them in keeping qualities. Budweiser is
Df^S^^Sr brewed and bottled only at the home plant of the
f^^^^^^l* Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
Tillmann & Bendel, Distributors, San Francisco, Cal.
Corked or Tin Capped .;- ".;;.. \u25a0: • : .l : . : . \u25a0 ; ' • ' \u25a0.
1 1 iiiiay urn i j/i i^w iii/« «/«/
I No CO. D. or Telephone Orders Received— Prices for To-Oay Only ggf&ffaT 3i% :
I laces Silicia Boys' Russian
H 4to 7 inches wide. Regular values, In gray only.! Regular I2j4c and f\iiavj>f\ite> I
H yard, 20c. Friday Surprise, Rf 15c value. • Friday Surprise, C- l/IrCICUdO |
g yard ........... .-,. .. .v.. . ;Ot yard New advance - Fall ] Btyles fa all .
H - . _ \u25a0' . „ ' c~ vv ~ > ~~ > ~~ > ~'' > ~~ w> ~^ \u25a0'" r '~'~ r "i wool materials; nobby garments,
1 Camhrir ; PRAGERS SUITER COUPON attractive and serviceable. Rez-
I Vdllfl/liw ,; upon presentation of this \\ ular , value $5.00. Fri- £7 #,£
U P fti h Vf\ 1 1\& VM ' coupon in our grocery de- day Surprise
a L-ffll/fUfUCry ; <; partrnen t we will sell you j ;
!§ 12 to 18 inches wide. A nice as- / one square dmiri /tfocc I fnin/f
1 sortment to select from, with in- | rhnirt> /" «* An , ' kJfJUii \JtaOD LUUliy
I sertions to match. Value, yard, ;| | In all colors and black; for drop
|- 50c Friday Surprise, J JJ r ; skirts and petticoats. Regnlar
j - yard •• ••••^ JC ! DUtter fOr JVC value. Friday Sur- f-f -
i I . \u25a0 i'l - -~- ' prise, yard 11 C
1 T^kfa nim'irlr ' This Is the same quality ; «\u25a0«=====«=;===========«».
| fdi/IC Uailiabn. '• which has made our batter |
|I Pure white heavy satin damask; ;! re £^| QU JT i Tape
a 62 inches wide; a grade that we \ > \ . * .
§ will guarantee to wear well and ! None Sold at This Price with- In all widths; 3-yard pieces, -f^
J stand rough usage. Fri-O/K. 1; ont Thl. Coupon. ; while they last, each it
j day.Siirprise price, yard.. dUC j! 2^%™*^^- \ g \u0084\u25a0 . ,
--fj»*»., Pncri, !—! — ~~ Infants Lisle .
rrZTr^ZiL Children's Wash Thread Hose f
\ V* oSII I OWeiiny^ DreSSeS Ft ? n fini ? hc d; double toe and heel*.
I 10,000 yards; a grade that is soft LJJ , in white and black. Worth 20c
1. and absorbent. Only 25 yards Tw ° styles in this lot, Mother per pa i r . Friday Sur- "101-
t to each customer. Friday Tlj, Hubbard, made of fine gingham; prise, pair I£m2\.
3 Surprise,- yard... <J3C round yoke trimmed with era-
£* '* _ broidery, insertion and finishing mm r ii» f * *
I mri;mmMuzz^ br v d; *, fullruffl « .«ound.th c . marshal! s Linen %
J uiana nose \u25a0 i? kk * an A over , the s f h ?, uld^ s ; tu~~-a • \u25a0
S_ #* Bishop yieeve and a full skirt I hVS3u -
1 • SuDoorters \u25a0 with a deep hem> CoiorSt p mk ' \ »
5j yHpj/vnuj blue and red; sizes Ito 4 years. 100 yards on a spool. Friday A-
|| Sateen pad; 2 and 4 straps. Regu- Regular price 75c. Friday AZ>» Surprise "C
I • lar value, each. 2^c. Fri- "fQ— Surprise ; i*/t , . , \u25a0
d^s.n»ac.,:..--.|...iyc Double-Covered
1. , e S//fc f "!l b Mnillf t# Dfess Shields
I price, yard sC p- AzAlcnEfc&tifUNjCO OJSl Surprise OC
\u25a0 A^li?£vli Artistic.
2j\«ivfiPfcnd Novelty
; IllliJ^ CARDS .
'\u25a0\u25a0 e|J§lllP®lL in enormous .
! all - leather
purses and wallet 3 from.Use u»
! I Conklin's Self-Filling Foun-
tain Pens to $5.00
Out of town orders promptly \
filled.
IHAT MAN PITTS
I F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. .
j I 1008 MARKET ST- Opp. Fifth,
SAX FRANCISCO.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,"
629 KCARNY ST. Establish r.i
In 1934 for tbe treatment nt I'rtvMte
Disease*. I.o^t Manhood, frobllltv or
'li'«*as- wearlntrnn body and niiml and
Skin DiAem^es. The Doctorcureswlim
others fall. Try him. rrmreM low.
4'nrr«snaranUrd. Call or wri o. .
Dr. J. F- tiIBCOR. Matt Frap-i3co. CaL
OCEAX TRAVEL.
c Steamers leave Piers 9 and
U. San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wrange!.
Juneau. Treadwell. Malnes;
Skajrway. etc.. Alaska— lt a.
m.. Aug. 3. 9. 13 18 23. 28.
Sept. 2. Change to this com.-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta»
coma. Everett. Anacortes South BetUnghani.
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. Aug. 3. 8. 13. IS 23. 2s,
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G.. N*. Ry. : at Seattla *
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :39
p. m.. Aug. 3. 9, 15. 21. 27. Sept. 2.. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 6. 12. IS 2*. 30. Sept. 3.
For Leg Angeles (via Port Los Angeles atst
Redondo). San Ple*ro and Santa Barbara— '.
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 al m.
For Lns Anse'es (via San Pedro and Kast
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Moiv
terey. San Simeon. Cayunos. Port Harford <Saa
Lulj OM^po) Ventura and Hu'ncim —
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. An*. 2. 10. IS. 26. Sopt. 3.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Aug. fl. 14. 22. .TO. Sept. T. * .
For Kns^nada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Ith of eacn
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS'. Seaxon t3o3— Tn«
palatial excursion steamship SPOKANE wty
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 22.
6. 20. Auirust 3. 17.
' For further information obtain folder. Rl*ht
Is reserved to rhansre steamers or sat!in« jlat«9.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montsomery st.
(Palae» Hotel). 10 Market it., and Broadway
wharves. FMlrtt Office. 10 Market. st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agnt.
' 10 Market st., San Franclsio.
3CCaBiCS.S.CO. jpAia
8. 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Augr. 6. 11 A. H.
8 S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thursday. August 10. 2 P. M.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aur.19.11 A.M.
J.D.SPBECIELS & BIOS. Co.,Azts.,TlC*Bt (KUCB6I3 Hi-
Set. Freight oaia 327 Market St.. Ptsr 7, PaciH; si
Compicnle Generate Traaaatlaatlqne^
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE— Parts. t
Sallins every Thursday instead of <JTjy%
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. «-"™»
North Klyer. foot of Morton »t.
I First elas« to Harr*. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond Clas» to Havre. $45 and upwar* GEN-
ERAL AGENCY *OR UNITED STATES ANI>
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa.st
Agent*. 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket, Agents.
• BAY AND LVTERPKBA.X ROUTES. *
! NAPA VALLEY ROUTE.
M OVTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPANY—
' MvUtSo AND NAPA VALLEt INTER-
: URBAN ELECTRIC R. R- CO. Close connao
. tlons at Vallejo with 6 round trips dally for
Vallelo Mar« Island Navy Yard. Napa. Nap» .
JutjSS »nd all way points. Boat* leav, Saa
Francisco T:CO a. m.. «9:« «. m.. 12:^0 noon,
; 3: Car^e m ave 6 N?pa P -«?15 iiSLMS -- £ l-a,.
8-30 " nT. 11:30 a. m.. 2:30 p. m.. 4:30 p. m,.
7-%n n. m 9-30 P. m - local - San Fra n c«*:»
aiding aad Smc «« =• *£ Ml *«&<?&
Meals a la carte. Phono Main 1303. HAita
. BROS.. General Agents.
• , 'Lands Navy Yard direct. ' ;
' For VaJleJo and Mare Island Navy Yard.
I Steamer H J. CORCORAN 5 leaves wharf
' northed cf Ferry Building, week days (except
' Saturday), lit. n>- »\u25a0* P. m Saturdays. 11
I. m. Sundays. 0:30 a. m. 8:13 p- m. Leave*
Vallejo. week days (except 3aturdays> 7:43 a.
Im. 5-30 P m. Saturdays. 7:30 a. m,. c p. ra.
Sundays. 3:30 p. m. Meals a la cane. Phon*
•Si BARNESON-HIBBERO CO.. nuuu<«ra>
\u25a0 I 436* Montgomery street.AN EXCITING STORY.
BARNYARD PHILOSOPHY.
"Speaking of the vital question of tha
hour, the servant." said Mrs. Young
Matron, "I engaged a cook-lady last
week who came -well recommended.
After she had been with me several
days I said to her, 1 will stir up a
fruit-cake, but I want you to attend
to the baking of it. Bake the cake,
said I Impressively, 'one hour by tha
clock!' pointing to one of those cheap
affairs, made of metal of son* kind,
that hung on the kitchen wall.
" 'Sure, Mum.' Nora replied.
"I went upstairs, took my sewing,
and soon the hum of the sewing ma
chine broke the stillness. After a
while my nostrils were assailed by a
most peculiar odor. I sniffed the at
mosphere, trying- to determine what
the smell might be. for sometimes
trash was thrown into the furnace.
along with the coal. It smelled neither
like burning rags, paper nor rubber. I.
threw down my sewing and hastened
to the kitcnen.
"'What Is burning. NoraT I ex
claimed.
" 'Faith, Mum, It must be the clock,'
she replied.
"'The clock! What do you mean?*
"Nora oDened the oven door, dis
closing the cake and what was left of
the clock 'side by each.' I grabbed the
coal scuttle and hurriedly raked it Into
the smelly mess.
" "What on earth. Nora," I demanded,
'made you put the clock In the oven?
Are you crazy?*
— " 'Crazy, is it?* she made answer In
tones that a tragedy queen might have
envied, 'and I Just a-followin* your or
ders. ; Didn't you tell me yourself.
"Nora, bake the cake one hour by the
clock?" ' " — Llppincott's.
* OBEYED ORDERS.
Guess I may as well confess—
Truth,is truth, and nothing less-
Why secluded paths we press
When» we go a-straying.
Would you think that I might be
Nearly all that May can see?
While, of course — It's up to me —
I am out a-Maylng..
WHEN the sun goes sailing high.
Like a white god In the sky,
Then it is that May and I
Take a little outing.
P'raps you think we're after glare
Of the sunshine everywhere;
P'raps you think we do not care-
Now, I guess, you're shouting 1
When the moon and stars at night
Paint the earth a filmy white,
May and I then take delight
In a little ramble.
Think we're seeking starlight wan.
Or the garb the evens don?.
Or another "hen is on?" —
Last is right, you gamble.
MAY AND I.
new young lady has a sylph
1 like form.
"Yes?"
"Yes, one of these fragile, undulat
ing, willowy forms, you know."
"Then you have seen her, have you?"
"No, but I have it on good authority
that she says that she does not believe
in surf-bathing In the presence of
members of the opposite sex."
ii p VERY man in this world," said
\Zi the Malt Philosopher, "has some
niche into which he is prepared to
fit as perfectly and smoothly as a round
peg fits into its round hole."
"I don't know about that," said the
man who was not a Malt Philosopher.
"Well, you bet I do."
"How do you account, then, for the
men who buck their luck \ all the way
through life and never seem to find any
place where they fit?"
"Why, the dern fools don't know their
niche when they see it, and bo they keep
on trying to fit a round peg into a square
hole, or a square peg into a round hole."
"Well, you are only supposing that
there is a niche into which they would
fit."
"Not by a dum sight."
"Whare's your proof, then?"
"Don't they all find a hole at last In
which they fit so well that they stay
there permanently?"
All that the man who was not a Malt
Philosopher said was, "Ah— yes— l see."
You will understand that I here concede
You have but to see, and you do the deed;
You do not palter and falter, delay,
And wish that you had some time to-day;
You do not sneak,
While your knees turn weak
And you throttle the word that you
ought to speak.
In fact, you are really superior chaps.
And you do the thing that you should—
perhaps;
You do not wait for to-morrow's sun.
As I grieve to state I have frequently
done;
You knuckle right down and tho thing
you do
When you see that old Right needs a
shove or two.
Ah well, I am proud
To be allowed
This tribute to pay to the stalwart crowd.
Which, of course, Includes you— and you —
and you, c
And all, save myself, of tne human crew,
Or— that is— nearly,
For I see clearly
You are not like myself, who act so
queerly;
And this screed's written to speak re
gret . -
That I'm not like you— that Is. as yet.
But to-morrow— to-morrow— Ah well, I
say!
You chaps.
You should never smile when I talk this
way —
That is, perhaps.
rnp HERE'S many a thing that I ought
I to dp,
'1 And I know right well they are need
ed, too.
There's the brave, true word that
should straisrht be said.
The word that a coward alone would
dread;
There's the stalwart deed
" For the great world's need, ,
Refusal to walk with the dastard breed;
There's a place right here and now, I see,
Where my note would make for the har
mony
That the Maker of all doth surely know
Out of life's discord at last shall grow.
Ah yes, there is room for. a stalwart
deed
Wherever black Wrong has muttered his
creed;
For the Truth to seek;
To stand, not sneak.
Nor cunningly ask if the Right is weak.
Good faith, there is much that my hand
may do,
And I'll taka much pleasure In doing It,
too— ,
That is, to-morrow,
For I note with sorrow
That the time from to-day I cannot bor
row
To speak the word and do the deed
That would brighten and lighten the gray
world's need;
But, of course, it isn't the same with you.
You chapa
To-day do the thing that you ought to
do-
That is, perhaps.
The marriage of Miss Helen Partridge,
daughter of Bishop Sidney Catlsn Part
ridge of Kioto. Japan, and George E.
Chapin was very quietly celebrated at
noon yesterday In St. Luke's Church.
The wedding 1 is an affair of interest to
society, despite the fact that it lacked
all ostentation and included only relatives
and close friends as witnesses.
The bride, gowned in silk and chiffon,
was given into the groom's keeping by
Mrs. John Simpson, with whom the b:k!<j
has spent a great deal of time. Sh*
was attended by Miss Amalia Simpson.
The groom was served by his brother.
Charles Chapin, the Key. Cecil Marrack
reading the marriage service.
Immediately after the ceremony, a
wedding breakfast- was served at tha
home of Mrs. Simpson on Vallejo str -cc.
the- happy gathering offering toasts a -id
good wishes to the young people.
Mr. and Mrs. Chapin are en route r r
Southern California to spend a few wee,,*,
after which Mill Valley will be their
home, where a pretty new house awaits
them. '
• • •
Harvey Worthington Loomis and Ed
win Star Belknap of New York, who ara
visitors in San Francisco, were among the
guests at the Sequoia Club Wednesday
evening who added to the artistic enter
tainment.
Mr. Loomis is the well-known com
poser of Indian music. Mr. Belknap being
the clever pantomlmlst.
The reception in honor of Mr. and
Mrs. Holbrook Blinn was a delightful
affair, the concourse being much larger
than any during the summer, t with
many features of artistic merit. Mr.
Blinn giving a fine reading, while Mr,
and Mrs. Walter C. Campbell sans ia
charming fashion. ; #
Colonel and Mrs. Charles H. Blinn,
who are to give a reception next Tues
day evening in honor of Mr. and Mrs,
Holbrook Blinn. will be assisted In re
ceiving by Mrs. Walter Scott Hale. Mrs.
Henry Halght. Mrs. William Ede. Mrs,
Burr Eastwood, Mrs. Holbrook Blinn
and Miss Maude Benson.
Mr. and Mrs. Blinn will leave Sam
Francisco August 14 for New York,
sailing a few days later for London.
• • •
Mrs. John Metcalf with her daughter*
Miss Edith Metcalf. left last evening
for New York.
Miss Edith will soon sail for Europe.
where she will spend some time in th«
cultivation of her voice, and it is pos
sible that Mrs. Metcalf will accompany,
her.
Dr. J. Wilson Shlels Is contemplating
a tour of European hospitals. Intending
to start the last of August.
Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels, her two babies
and nurse, returned Wednesday from
Rowardennan, where she -has spent
Mrs. Fernando Pfing3t, who returned
last Monday from Tahiti, is at Brook
dale near Ben Lomond, with her two
small nephews.
Brookdale provides excellent fishing,
in which Mrs. Pfingst is taking much
enjoyment.
•• • •
Mrs. Galllard Stoney, who has D*en
making a trip through the high Sier
ras for the last three weeks, will re
turu to San Francisco next week.
-•\u25a0 • •
Mrs. Beatrice Fife i 3 in town for a
few days with her sister. Mrs. Law
rence Foster, on California street.
• • •
Mrs. George A. Boyer, who has been
the guest of Judge and Mrs. Henshaw
at Fair Oaks, is at home again.
"• \u2666 •
Miss Gertrude Shelton and Charles E.
: Bundschu were married last evening at
8 o'clock in the Swedenborgian church.
this service also being witnessed only by
the relatives and Intimates.
The bride, who Is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. A. C. Shelton of Petaluma, has
many friends In this city, where she haa'
passed the last few years.
Simplicity of detail characterized tha
wedding, only the plainest decoration ofi
flowers being arranged about the altar.
In a gown of white samite, the brida
was a winsome picture, a long lace veil
completing her costume. Miss Alma
Bundschu, as maid of honor, wore white
point d'esprit. Walter Bundschu stood aa
best man to his brother.
After the reading of the service by lha
Rev. Joseph Worcester, the bridal party,
with the two families only, drove to tha
home of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bundschu
on Chestnut street, where a wedding sup
per was served.
Mr. and Mrs. Bundschu are making 4
short wedding trip and upon returning
to this city will make their home on
Union street, near Van Ness* avenue.
The.crisis is upon us. The forces are aligned for battle. The struggle is
unavoidable. \ Will the people shirk? The grafters will not shirk. They may
be depended upon to go to the primary at -the head of the embattled vices of
the city. What will embattled virtue arid decency do ?
r TP*HE fate of San Francisco will soon be known. The Republican League
has projected and perfected its organization in every district in the city.
A It has appreciated the fact that in protecting the ballot-box against fraud
it must provide its own safeguards. The city administration, controlling ,the
lawful means to do so, uses them for an. unlawful purpose or compels a nega
tive attitude that means winking at crime and doing nothing to prevent it. .
The League, with only a small part of the public agencies at its disposal,
has supplemented them by a complete organization. Its detective facilities are
fully equipped. Ballot-box stuffers and sophisticators of the registry list may
not be prevented by the police in carrying out their schemes, but they may be
sure of one thing, they will have to face a Grand Jury and plead to an indict
ment for their crimes, and before a petit' jury face the fate that overtook trie
stuffers at last year's primary.
But, with every safeguard wisely in action, it must not be forgotten that
the fate of the city depends upon every man doing his duty by casting his legal
ballot in the interest of law, order and decency, and against^raft, graft, greed and
corruption. A large majority of our peopld want a decent and upright city
government. The public conscience is awakened to the evils of municipal
government. Even Philadelphia stirs uneasily in her sleep and seeks to escape
a bondage endured so long that it seemed a permanent and legitimate condition.
San Francisco, with high hopes, adopted the present charter in the belief
that it automatically safeguarded the government, Now the unpleasant dis
covery is made that its safeguards in evil hands protect every form of political
offense and governmental impropriety possible to public authority. History
does not furnish another equally flagrant instance of the utter perversion of the
purpose of a fundamental law. As in the case of all such perversions, the effect
has been injurious to the interests and galling to the pride of the city. The
scribbling apologists of the administration have scattered broadcast their
syndicated excuses and their combined attacks upon the element that demands
an end of these offenses.
In all of these elaborate defenses the members of the city government
are treated as the only parties having any rights in the premises and the people
are studiously ignored. Entrenched in power to misuse it, the agencies of
infamous misgovernment are treated as if they had chartered rights for misrule
and graft is glorified with legitimacy.
These syndicated apologists are not the only proofs of the existence of a
system abhorrent in all of its features. The efforts of the press, the Republi
can League and the Grand Jury have added evidence that should quicken th<f
local patriotism of every citizeri who does not enjoy blushing for his city. If
such citizens default at the primary, if they are too busy or too indifferent to
attend to the sole duty of that day, they must take what comes and not complain.
If they fail in their duty joy will thrill the whole kingdom of graft and the con
victed ballot-box stuffers, who are expiating their crimes in the State prison, will
be jocund because they will be justified.
When so much that is offensive in the city administration is known it must
not be supposed that all is known. Below the * exposed surface lie strata \)f.
crime and transgression successfully concealed by those in power who are its
abettdrs and its beneficiaries. If the chastening rod of correction is used at
the primary and the. enemies of decency are put on the run, what is now covert
and concealed will be uncovered and disclosed.
St. Louis went on for years as San Francisco is -now going on. One day
AAr. Folk struck a blow at what was superficial and apparent. Decency rallied
to his support. Public officers took the alarm. They shaved their beards and
ran. Tens of thousands of dollars, the proceeds of graft and bribery, sneaked
out Qf hiding. Men in a panic, to save themselves from stripes, gave up the
story of corruption.
The courts were kept busy and the jails were filled with officials who had
before known them only as a means of graft and theft, of which the taxpayers
were the sufferers. By taking a bold stand Mayor Weaver of Philadelphia, in a
night, struck down the criminal courage of the robbers of that city, and each
one thought only of his personal safety, to be secured by exposing his partners
In San Francisco reform does not depend upon one man. It depends upon
all the voters who are impressed by its necessity. The legions of decency,
marching to the primary^ polls, casting lawful ballots and then standing guard
for one day, can do here what one man had to do in St. Louis and one man in
Philadelphia. The conscience of this city is quickened, but its late awakening
is futile unless it is transmuted into action.
This is a commercial community, but its people are concerned in other
things than buying cheap and selling dear. . There is commerce here in the sa
cred things of government as well as the -standard articles of merchandise.
These merchants in the profits of immorality ,.vice and crime, these defilers of
public authority, will never quit until they are scourged out of power.
If v they gain immunity at the primary they will use their license to mis
govern. No doubt about that. They have caused all the past governments by
boss rule, bad as they were, to be looked upon as the golden age of the city
compared with what we have now. If by their own craft and the indifference
of the people they get another lease of power, who can blame them for
using it? a ...'•• v " : \u25a0 -
NOW FOR THE PRIMARY.
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
BURBANK ON STIRPICULTURE.
IT is announced, at second hand, that Mr. Burbank, whose service
to the world -in plant improvement has made him a foremost
benefactor of mankind, has in view the application of his science
to. children, with a view of making man perfect, physically and
morally. The question of stirpiculture has before this occupied the
attention of physiologists and biologists. But it was one wiser
than the rest who, in discussing juvenile reformation and perfec
tion, said that the only way to reform a boy and make^him perfect
was by beginning with his grandfather.
In'developing plants and getting a higher quality of usefulness
out of those already subjected to the use of man, and' in directing
weeds out of their 'class 'into the useful class, Mr. Burbank begins
with the grandfathers, and even with more remote generations of
trie plant he is treating and guiding to a higher life. He cannot
in one season, in one generation, turn a white lily yellow, nor make
a seedless prune, nor a walnut that grows like Jack's beanstalk.
It is the patient work of many seasons, upon many generations, and
by careful' selection on a definite line that these marvels are
wrought.
The same is true in the breeding of cattle and other domestic
animals. A cart horse cannot be changed into a flier. This has to
be done by careful selection, maintained through many generations.
Differentiation has to be carefully watched. By watching we have
differentiated the original dog (probably it was a jackal) into the
immense St. Bernard, the shaggy terrier, the tiny King Charles
spaniel, and the large number of breeds, each with its different ca
pacities and characteristics. Labor would have been wasted in try
ing to turn the original one dog into an Irish setter or a bench
legged Dachshund. The beginning was many generations back, and
many grandfathers had to be studied and moved along just a little in
the desired direction.
. In all these differentiations of animal and plants the subject
was entirely in the control of man. Whole generations of plants
were pulled up, killed and thrown aside, and one was preserved.
In perfecting neat cattle whole generations went to the butcher,
except a few favored individuals that were saved for the transmis
sion of the desired traits. Whole litters of puppies were sent to
the millpond except one or two that promised results. By pro
longed patience and by the sacrifice of the unfit, results were ob
tained.
Who shall be bold enough to say that man can be subjected
to the same processes? Regard for individual freedom forbids it.
What we call civilization began with man uncounted generations
away. It has dealt with the grandfathers, but has not yet perfected
the grandsons. Families righteous through many generations have
finally produced individuals of the worst sort. Atavism- has worked
its- way, because, unlike plants and animals, man cannot be sub
jected to the will of the stirpiculturisL
The law of human advancement is a subtle statute that man
cannot read. It was so from the beginning. The first family had
in it only one blameless member and he was murdered by his
brother. The second genesis of the race made a bad start and the
righteous Lot was surrounded by events which now would send
somebody to the penitentiary. In view of these things, it must be
admitted that the human race is running very well, and from a bad
start is doing as well as can be expected.
If Mr. Burbank believe that limitation of crime and relief of
poverty in this generation is likely to produce better results in the
next he is entirely right, and that is just what society is trying
all the time to do. If he or any one can direct its efforts more wisely
and to greater effectiveness that direction is needed. Plants and
animals we can drive. But man must be led. He will not be
driven. We cannot even confine the transmission of life to the
fittest morally and physically. The effort to make all more fit is. a.
noble occupation for the philanthropist. We are persuaded that
every year it enlists the energies and devotion of more people, and
that on the whole, considering the perversity of man, the race is
progressing satisfactorily.
The effort of Barnardo. in London in training waif children has
succeeded with a large percentage of those who have been in his
care. But in plants and animals selection and training fix a type
which is preserved by absolutely controlling the transmission of
life. In the absence of this control it is impossible to fix a type in
man and secure its transmission, making it permanent. The dog
will go back through mongrelism to the original type. The plant
will become a weed and neat kine degenerate to the type of their
shaggy ancestors, unless controlled. Man, insusceptible to control,
will lose in the next generation the characteristics trained into him
in this.
To do what Mr. Burbank suggests is a very high ideal, a most
worthy purpose, but as it failed, according to the old story, with
the first family and with the second, we must expect that the race
will go on producing the good, indifferent and bad, as it began.
Above all the apparently changeless scene presides the law of
evolution, under which, in nature's slow time and way, the earth
may be entirely unpeopled of the forms of life that now are, and
others • will succeed, as these followed the great creatures whose
fossil remains tell the story of the slow changes that are wrought
by environment.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
I
Secretary Bonaparte refuses all railroad passes, thus justifying an infer
ence that maybe Mr, Baker of Brooklyn didn't rattle around in Congress
in vain.-— Brooklyn Eagle.
What, for pity's sake, is the good of a young women's conference — at
Northfield or anywhere else — from which young men visitors are excluded?
•--Boston Transcript.
In Wisconsin under the new law it is a misdemeanor to offer a person
a cigarette. In other States it continues to be merely a personal insult. —
Baltimore Sun.
As to Mr. Lawson's having made his pile in compliance with the rules
of the game — well, so did Mr. Rockefeller. And Captain Kidd. — Indianapolis
Pittsburg has a curfew law and other cities may follow. The century
fcees pressing need of rescuing itself from the children. — Baltimore American.
»
The Sultan of Turkey is beginning to wonder how those reports that
he had the worst Government in Europe originated. — Washington Star.
By building a midway clear*across the isthmus the Canal Commission
may lyre enough men to Panama to dig that little ditch. — Baltimore Sun.
' None but a Chicago man would advertise for a lady stenographer and
require the applicant to state her age. — Louisyille Herald.
* * But if Sweden should form an alliance with Germany, what would
eventually become of Sweden? — Indianapolis News. \u25a0
Chloroform has gone down 40 per centrbut fails to become popular even
at that with the man of forty. — Louisville Herald. ;> "• V
# - >^ove and a woman can change a fool in the twinkling of an eye into a
wise man* or a wise man into a fool. — Louisville Herald.
Up to date Mr. Depew has not been reminded of any "funny story that
exactly fits the situation. — Cleveland Leader.
** The, Kaiser is not red-headed^ but some of his speeches are rubicund.—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX P. SPKECKELS ~-^ • Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McNAUGHT • 1H1111L:. J**gggsf
TOBMCATIOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREET^SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY ••• AUGUST 4, 19Q5
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. WATERHOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST. 4, 1005.
It has been said with political fervor that China is deeply indebted to American diplomacy for
.the preservation of its territorial integrity. ; The continued Chinese boycott on American goods implies
that the Chinese, like other people, think first* of the thing that affects them most— St. Louis Republic.
- — ».' '. , "' .. — : ; , \u25a0;.''\u25a0
The Agricultural Department, havjrig contributed some useful suggestions on irrigation, will
now take up the question of how to repair and prevent leaks.— Washington Star.
. , \u25a0 ' \u2666 — \u25a0 — : — • . \u25a0 \u25a0- ' \u25a0'\u25a0'.-\u25a0'
If Russia cannot suppress strikes, riots and revolts, she proposes to suppress news of them. It is
splendid statesmanship, dictated by the example of the ostrich.— Detroit News.
The graftthat has made Milwaukee infamous' is rising to the ; surface like foam on a glass of the
beer-that made Milwaukee famous. —Illinois State Register. ' :: ; : \u25a0
SQUARE Bellua Bays that man kin
'overcome any limitations that wus
"set onto him. P'raps he kin, but I
notice he ain't flyln' much yit, an* when
he does he frequently gits some dern
hard tumbles.
Once in a while they's one of us that
doe 3 something:. The rest of us either
Stan's eround an* claps our hands or
more prob'ly says, "Fer goodness' sake,
won't somebody git a brick to heave
*-at him — quick!"
In the long run p'raps It's better ter
be a sinner than it is ter be the feller
that yells "Look at the cuss! Ain't he
a shameful sight?" P'raps I'm mis
taken, but a similar ldeer wus advo
cated once when a certain woman had
kinder strayed a leetle.
The honesty that regerlates itself by
a statoot book may be all right, but
I'm allers skeered fer fear it'll over
look some statoot or other.
I ain't sayin' a dum word again the
charity that sends a note ter the city
editor so's he won't overlook what it's
give, but I can't help wond'rin' what
'twould do ef they want no noospapers.
Jest thinkln' 'bout seen a painful case
makes me feel blame sorry fer It.
£* EEDTIME and harvest,
The rising sun and noon.
And, what I ,wish was otherwise
The harvest -comes so soon J
The noontide shining o'er the land.
And then the setting sun.
And by and by. a chance .to sigh \u25a0 -
For what you haven't* done!
i t - \u25a0
81 4th (front barber), best eyeglasses: specs,
20c-50c; other stores, $2 50- $3 50. •
Townsend's Gala. Glace Fruits, In ar
tistic nre-etched boxes. New store now
open, 767 Market street., : • •
.Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), SO Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala 10U. •
**Joe Beef hung the skeleton of his
first wife behind the bar. It dangled
there, grinning at the sawdust floor
of his saloon, as a token of the hate he
bore her. Behind it swung a sign:
. "'JOE BEEF FEARS NEITHER ,
; : ~ MAN. GOD, NOR DEVIL.'
This ia the mild Inception of a story
by F. Berkeley Smith in the August
number of Appfeton'3 Booklovers*
Magazine. The end does justice to the
beginning. Joe Beef has the grace to
bury hla second wife, but he leaves the
graveyard with the band playing "The
Girl I Left Behind Me." The hero ulti
mately kills one bear with a hatchet
and chokes another with his naked
hands in order to save the life of a
child. Which shows that Joe Beet
feared neither man nor beast,* but ha
did fear God.
8Accidental Fatal Scaldlns.
The current number of the News Letter dis
cusses th« boycott of the Chinese In a learned
editorial. -
People who are afraid ot Rockefeller s
-Tainted Money" will find something of In
teoE.£a£en Trtv«lyan contribute, another
criticism on San Francisco society, "djs an
swered by a defender of the Englishman in
A ™Ru3" Clutching at the Last Sraw" is &
• e The n d°lvo& q'uest'lon Is handled In quite an
Or The' l se'vtral departments are .bright and
searching all along the line. -
The News Letter.
Love's romance was ended for James
Galloway at 1500 Kentucky street yes
terday morning. An open gas key and
the room full of the suffocating fluid
revealed the cause of death. Galloway
was 2S years old and had been em
ployed in the Union Iron Works as a
machinist's helper. He had reported
among his friends, notably Fred Rlcomi,
his landlord, that he was engaged to
be married to Miss Lena Kendal. who
is employed in the Buffalo Hotel on
Sixth street, near Brannun. and that
the lady had $500 of his money, which
she was keeping for him. Whether
they had a quarrel or not Is not known,
but Galloway had been .drinking
heavily ever since last Sunday and he
was intoxicated when he went to his
room last Wednesday night. He waa
found lying on the floor near his bed
fully dressed, with the exception of his
coat.
Engaged to Be Married to a Young
Woman and Dies Through His
Ovrn Carelessness.
LOVE'S ROMANCE IS ENDED
FOR MACHINIST GALLOWAY
Money talks, but It's salutation is more
of ten " "Good-by"' than" "How de do."—
Philadelphia \u25a0\u25a0 Record.J ' [\u25a0 \u25a0.' v ; »;v-: .
Suit was filed yesterday 1 by Dora yon
Reis?hach agalnet W, W. Braokett ', ,'td
compel him to return to her $600, which,
she anys, she gave Brackets to be ap
plied on the purchase price jof a lot she
was going: to buy from Emll Pfan
kuchen. the 'price of the property being
5342 E. She ; says that Brackett paid
Pfar.kuchen the money, but caused ;the
contract for the purchase of | the prop-,
erty'to be made out In his' name vln-
Ktead of that or the plaintiff, who'gave
him ' the , money. ( ' •.
Brnckett Stand* Accused of Fraud.
The Supreme ' Court yesterday re
versed the Superior Court judgment In
the case of Robert Black, who was
sentenced to .ten years' Imprisonment
for child stealing. The evidence show
ed that the defendant took sixteen
year-old Dottle Higgins of St. Helena
on a buggy ride one , afternoon and
left her at a roadhouse. It was not
proved that the girl was forcibly con*
cealed from her mother or that Black
had even kept the girl's whereabouts
a secret. The Supreme, Court : deems
the evidence wholly, lnadequate, to Jus
tify a verdict of guilty.
Black. Gains a Reversal.
Constipation, the* fruitful source of
many other complaints, is quickly cured
by taking Lash's Bitters. V •
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Sophie from J. Nelson for
cruelty. Amelia from Frank Bacitralupi
for desertion and Rosle from Simeha.
Goldberg for desertion. Suits for di
vorce were filed by -Emily M. against
Ernest D. Colburn for desertion. Lillie
C. against^Honry 11. Rogers for cruelty,
Mrs. E. McCallum against Hugh Me-
Callum for desertion and - Winifred
against John A. Tobey for failure', to
provide.
In the Divorce Court.
A Stringed Orchentra Will Render an
Attractive Programme In the Art
Reception Room of S. X. Wood
& Co.'a New Store.
Another very attractive programme
will be rendered to-morrow afternoon
and evening in the Art Reception Room
of S. N. Wood & Co.'s store at the cor
ner of Powell and Ellis streets.
These concerts are free to everybody.
The firm extends an invitation to all
whether or not they are patrons of the
store.- . »
There are many features in this beau
tiful room that commend it to the use of
ladies whenever they are down town:
Maid in attendance, messenger for short
errands, free telephone booth, engraved
stationery, library and current publica
tions, including the popular fashion
journals.
Many people often journey to Europe
to see the paintings of the old masters
In order that the public may have an
idea of the works of art S. N, Wood &
Co. have collected 70" photographic re
productions of the most famous paint
ings, representing such masters as Ti
tian, Raphael. Da Vinci, Troyon, Rem
brandt, Rubens, Millet, Burne-Jonea,
Roßsetti and others.
A catalogue fully explains the pic
tures and affords much information to
one Interested , in learning . about the
world's most renowned canvases. "
The following programme will be"
rendered by a stringed orchestra*
1. "Das Bienenhaua" ........ Schneider
2. Selection, "Robin Hood..De Koven
3. Overture, "Die Schone Galathea" \u25a0
Suppe
4. Harmonium solo, "Pilgrims' Cho
rus" ......'.. .Wagner
5. Waltz, "Southern Roses". . ..Strauss
6. Ballet music from "Coppelia".Dellbes
(a) Valse Lente. V/.v^
(b) Festival Dance,
7. Musical Scenes from Spain. l.Langley
8. Violoncello solo, "Chauson Trlste"
........ . . ... . . Tschaikowsky
9. Selection, "La T05ca". . . . . . .Puccini
10. Waltz, "Les Patinewa". . .Waldteufei
11. "Berceuse." from Jocelyn. . . .G 4 odard
12. "Singing Girl" . . . . . ....... .Herbert
'\u25a0- \u25a0» » _"• .v] ;- ; \u0084
POWERS GETS LIGHT SENTENCE.— Hugh
Powers, convicted by a Jury In Judsc Lawlor'i
court on a charge of burglary, was sentenced
y? sterCay to serve - clghteon > months In San
Quentia. On May 1 he entered a vacant house
at 3&3 Fifth ctreet and «tol« a copper boiler.
FREE V COJVCERT TO-MORROW AFT
ERXOON AND EVEXIJVG.
C. C. Jones, an old man, a resident
of Oakland, was knocked down by an
automobile, yesterday forenoon In front
the Crossley building on Mission street.
Jones received a general shaking up
by the contact and sustained several
contused and lacerated wounds of the
head and body with a possible fracture
of the skull. He was conveyed to the
Central Emergency Hospital in the am
bulance, where Dr. R. C. Hill treated
him.
Knocked down br Automobile.
AUDITS GRAND JURY DEMANDS.—Audi
tor Bachr yesterday audited the demands of
the Grand Jury aggregating $462 90 aa follows:
L'cuglas Young, expert ?125; Miss M. V. Col
ilr.s. stf-non^apher. $100; Miss A. G. Haparty,
Ftenoprephcr, f5O; T. P. Andrews, foreman,
expenses, 1173 60; William V. Ery*a. secre
tary. *1* 10.
Miss Angelina Mikulicich. an overalls
(\u25a0nvor for Levi Strauss & Co., was suf
focated by illuminating gas last Wed
n^Krtay nlsht In her room at 1148 Ken
tucky street. She came home at the
ufua! hour on that evening, complained
<f severe rriins in the stomach and re-
Ur'-<i about 9 o'clock. In the morning
Mr?. Annie' Tarrabochla, the landlady,
detected a strong odor of gas and
traced it to Miss Mikulicich's room.
T,ber< the unfortunate young woman
wvas found lying dead in bed In a nat
ural position. Gas was escaping from
BH open burner.
Miss Mikulicioh was a native of Aus
tria, 26 years old. She was of a cheer
ful disposition and Mrs. Tarrabochia,
for that reason* believes death to have
bf-tn the result of an accident. The
young -woman's father is an orchardist
near Watsonville.
In the Morning.
Augelina Mlktilicich Complains of Pains
nnd Retires and la Found Dead
VOVNG WORKING GIRL, IS
VICTIM OF ESCAPING GAS
Dr. O'Connell, to whom Papandre Is
alleged to have given the questions and
auvwers, swore as follows ln his signed
affidavit made on the first Saturday
{ after the examinations were given t
"On Tuesrtny, June 13, 1003, I saw Dr.
Dunn, who was talking to an applicant
for a license. I have since been
informed that his name is Richard D.
Papandre. "The conversation between
him and Dr. Dunn took place In the
small hallway on the ground floor of
the building In which the examinations
took place. I went Into the examina
tion rooms and immediately upon said
applicant' coming Into the room and
taking bis seat I said to. him. 'What
did you get — pass It out,' nnd the appli
cant fcald 'Define what is osteology.'
He then proceeded to define it. Then
he told me what the second question
was and what was the answer to it,
what the third question was and what
the answer was and then put another
question to me In a little different form,
which be told that he (Dunn) could
not answer. I then' asked said appli
cant bow he did It, meaning how be
got the Information, and he said that
Dr. Dunn was a friend of bis.
"GEORGE D. O'CONNELL/'
DID NOT LIKE TO TESTIFY.
Dr. Papandre, however, was a disap
pointment to the "solid five" when he
took the stand. He did not want to
give his testimony and he could not
Eeem to remember some of the things
which he swore to in the affidavit. He
would only state positively yesterday
that Dr. Dunn had given him the first
question that appeared ln Dr. Mayhew's
examination, and he did not remember
having told O'Connell that he ha*d ob
tained the questions direct from this
source. Papandre told the commission
that he did not attend the University
of California, but that he had assisted
Dr. Dunn in the latter's office and had
there gained a practical knowledge of
dentistry. Dr. Dunn and he were very
friendly. "I was not impressed at. the
time of the examination," he said,
"with the similarity of the questions
given me by Dr. Dunn and those on the
board, except in the first one. That I
did receive, but I regard it as a coin
cidence and not ah evidence of fraud.
Dunn stood back of my chair and spoke
to me once, but I did not hear what he
said to me."
Dr. O'Connell was the star witness
for the faction to which Dr. Mayhew
belongs, the "solid five." He gave in
every detail the conversation that he
had with Pap&ndre during which the
latter gave him the questions and told
him the answers. His evidence was
what cast the suspicion on Dr. Dunn,
although it ln no way explained the set
of questions which Dr. Lew Smith said
were the "real dope."
PAPANDRE GIVES ANSWERS.
"I saw Dr. Dunn on Tuesday. June
18." the witness stated. "Immediately
before the anatomy examination I en
tered the bunding with Flood and Mi
nor. As we passed through a small
way my attention was called to Papan/
dre and Dr. Dunn talking In the little
hall. Dr. Dunn held a paper in his
hand. 1
"1 sat down and Papandre -entered.
When he sat down next to me I asked
him what he*got. and to come through
with It. He then gave me some ques
tions and Rome answers. I asked him
where he got it and he told me that
Dunn was his friend and had told film
the Questions, and that one of them
Dunn did not know the answer to. Dr.
Minor was there and he -received the
benefit of this. Then Dr. Mayhew be
gan to write the questions on the.
board and we had to stop talking.
"I kept still about what I knew because
I did not want to get" mixed up In a fac
tional war which I had heard /was going
on within the board. Especially did I not
want to ret Into any friction because 1
was a- candidate for a degree. The fact
that I had this information was given to
the board by Dr. Minor, and' Dr. Baird
came to me and asked me to sign an affi
davit telling all that I had .seen and
heard. I dJd not want to do this and at
flrst refused, but Dr. Baftd urged me to
Furthermore the "solid five," through
their attorney, "Walter S. Braun, say
that they will introduce other witnesses
and other affidavits to firmly intrench
this accusing information. One of
these witnesses, Dr. Minor, a member
of the jecent graduating class from
the University of California, will be put
on the stand at nine o'clock this morn
ing. He is alleged to have heard Pa
pandre give the questions which seem
to entwine Dr. Dunn into the muss.
The other. Dr. Flood, is not now in San
Francisco, but on his arrival he will be
brought before the commission at once.
SWEARS DUXN GAVE QUESTIONS.
The affidavit of Dr. Papandre is giv
en in part as follows: "Before I saw
examination I had a conversation with
Dr. J. M. Dunn in hal\way of the ex
amination rooms. In all, my best recol
lection is that he suggested three or
four questions to me and Informally
gave me the answers to them. Dr.
Dunn knew that I had been preparing
for these examinations for three
or four months past because I nad told
him so. (Signed) Richard D. Papandre.
No. 58."
This young man is Dr. Richard D.
Papandre nnd he says In a sworn affi
davit that he was given three or four
questions by bis employer, a member
of the State board. To back this testi
mony up the solid five introduced Dr.
George D. O'Connell, who stated before
the commission yesterday afternoon
that Papaudre gave him these questions
a few minutes before the examination
and that four of them were embodied in
the questions written -on the board by
Dr. Ma j hew. He, too, had made an
affidavit swearing to these facts. By
this evidence the black hand of sus
picion is made to turn from Dr. May
hew, the first accused, and point slowly
in the direction of Dr. Dunn.
A complete surprise was sprang in
the investigation of the alleged irregu
lar actions of the State Dental Board
yesterday afternoon when those mem
bers of the board known as the "solid
five" — Drs. A. B. Mayhew, C. A. Her
rick, G. A. White. E. J. Howard and F.
G. Balrd— brought forward testimony
whlch directly accused Dr. J. 31. Dunn,
one of the opposing faction in the
board, with giving out some of the
questions in anatomy to a young man
ln his employ who was about to take
the test so that he could apply for a
dfentist's license.
make a sworn statement, and I con
sented."
"Do you know whether you have passed
the examinations?" asked Commissioner
Cromwell.
COMPARISOX OP QUESTIONS.
"Dr. Coke told me that I did," was the
reply from O'Connell. This is the Market
street dental firm member who. it is said,
has given the information to many of the
graduates whether or not they were suc
cessful.
"Did he tell you who told him?"
"He did not," answered O'Connell, "but
I inferred that it was the minority mem
bers of the board" (Drs. Dunn and Cool).
The questions which O'Connell swears
were given to him ] by Dr. Papandre
just before the examination as coming
from Dr. Dunn are strikingly like
rtie first four of those given by Dr.
Mnyhrw In the real test. They are us
folloTrnt
1 < alleged irregular) — Define oste
olojfy- • .
1 (in Mayhew's examination)— >Dellne
osteology.
2 (alleged Irregular)— Number and
names of bones In vertebrae.
2 (in examination) (a)— — Give number
of bones In vertebrae.
3 (alleged Irregular) — \\ tint are the
bones In the face.
3 (In examination) (a)— -Give the
number of bones in the face.
4 (alleged Irregular) — Xnme bones
attached to superior maxillary bones.
4 (In examination)— Give name* of
muscles in the superior maxillary
reelbn.
STORY PROVES A SENSATION*.
The giving of, O'Connell's testimony
produced a sensation in the room of the
commission. Up to this time the inves
tigation had proved to bo featureless, but
when O'Connell took the stand the crowd
; of students and graduates in the room
pressed forward so as not to miss a syl
lable of what waa said. Attorney Braun
had promised a sensation for yesterday
afternoon, and he made good, his promise.
O'Connell's words sounded with a sharp
i distinctness that lent a tragic atmosphere
! to the occasion. Dr. Dunn, evidently sur
prised, sat staring at the witness. The
"solid five" beamed with the pleasure
that they were enjoying at his discom
fiture.
DU.W DENIES ACCUSATIONS.
Dr. Dunn denies that he crave the
questions to Papandre. "I warn only
Joking; with him and gave him one josh
question that is common for us dentists
to pans to a young; student. I am not
Kullty of having; given awn.r the ques
tions. Nor do I believe that Dr. May
hew did It. Of course I have not heard
all the testimony, but I believe that all
the questions which the boys had Were
general ones and that there Tras no
Irregularity at all. Dr. Cool had his
suspicions because of the. decided simi
larity between the real examination
questions and the list obtained in ad
vance by Dr. Smith."
The morning session of the commission
yesterday was featureless. Many of the
recent graduates were examined to show
the amount of applause that was given
"Dr. Mayhew on his appearances before
them on different occasions. Fraternity
affairs claimed a considerable part of the
discussion and fraternity jealousy was
alleged by several to have been at the
bottom of much of the trouble in the
State board. Several more students were
examined who had been told that they
had successfully passed the examina
tions. The same Dr. Coke was their in
formant, although not one knew whence
he got his authority to talk. -
« \u2666 \u25a0
Miss I. E. Connor, milliner, of 138 Geary
street, has removed to 223 Post street. •
The Italian -Swiss colony has en
gaged iii an enterprise that promises
great benefit for the California wine
industry. The plan is to bottle in New
York the good California wine and in
troduce it in the market under Califor
nia labels. In this the colony and the
California Wine Association are pur
euing the same policy.
P. C Rossi went to New York last
week at the request of representatives
of the New York house of the Italian-
Pwi&s colony and he has leased a lot at
the corner of Washington and West
Eleventh streets, 90x130 feet In size,
for fifteen years for a total rental for
the term of $200,000. The lease was
made with contract that a six-otory
building with basement shall be erect
ed. The structure, according to A.
t-barboro. will cost at least $160,000.
In the building will be the offices of
the colony, wine vaults and storage ca
pacity. It is proposed now to have a
large bottling department ln New York,
where California wines shall go out
%£ith a. California label, the purpose be
icg to give all wine ; purchasers a
chance to get California wine and to
tecure all the credit that belongs to
this State In the matter. By this the
fame of the California vintages will be
established and the market will be ex
tended.
Heretofore California wines have
been sold ln New York under foreign
labels end poor wines manufactured in
the Eastern States have been given
California labels. The effect has been
bad for California. Mr. Sbarboro 6ays
that this State is capable of producing
as much wine and as good wines as
France. At this time France has an
annual wine consumption of 1.01)0,000,
000 gallons with a population of about
40,000,000, and this brings in $300,000,
000 a year.
The United States has more than
double the population of France but
consumes only about 50,000,000 gallons
a year. Properly fostered, the demand
for California wines will equal in vol
ume the demand for French wines, Mr.
Sbarboro says. The Italian-Swiss col
ony will do its best to promote th«
California wine Industry in Xew York
;ind other Eastern centers of popula
tion.
In reply to queries propounded by
Mayor Schmitz, City Attorney Long
yesterday rendered an opinion advising
the city's chief .executive to make for
mal demand on the National Burety
Company, which is on the official bond
of defaulting Tax Collector Smith for
$51,672 88. the sum fixed by the experts
as the amount of Smith's defalcation.
Long recites the history of the pro
ceedings already begun to recover part
of the shortage, Including the serving
of attachments on the following prop
erties uelieved to belong to Smith:
Moneys, credits, etc., in Western Na
tional Bank; lot northwest corner
and Douglass streets, be-,
ing lot 57. Homer's Addition; lot on-
Fair Oaks street, sixty-six feet
north of the northerly Hll3 Of
Twenty-fifth street, part oZ Hom
er's Addition; together with improve
ments thereon (Smith's residence); lot
northwest corner Eugenia and Chapul
tepec streets, 25x70 feet, bel.is part of
Heyman subdivision of Cobb Tract, lot
177; lot in Alameda County; drug store
158 Eddy street.
Longs opinion continues thus:
The attachment so levitd upon said proper
ties was jirlcr In limj to ail other -attach
ments, of which I am informed there were a
number issued immediately thereafter. On
June 16, ISKIS. my attention having been
called by the National Sumy Company to
some :u,(\> shares of stock in the Pacific Jupiter
Steel Company, standing upon the books of
fa id company in the name of K. J. Smith, an
attachment was levied en such ..stock. The
seme course was taken in reier?nce to 200
shares of stock of the Southern Pacific Com-
NO ACTION TAKEN YET.
No action has as y.et keen taken against the
National Surety Company, the eurety com
pany appearing upon the official bond given by
Smith, as Tax Collector,- in the sum of $100,000
as required by the provisions of section 2 of
article XV of the charter. The assuranc-d
given by the officers of this company at the
time the defalcation was discovered that
prompt payment would be made of the amount
found to be due encouraged the belief that .no
action at law would be necessary to collect
auch amount.
The demand on the surety company to
make good the $51,672 8S may be regarded as
necessarily preliminary to the institution of
legal proceedings for the recovery of the
amount due, should the city and county of San
Francisco b* compelled to resort to such ac
tion. In the event of the refusal or neglect
of the surety company to pay the amount, the
Mayor should at once Inform this office, and
instruct the City Attorney to commence an
action.
Mayor Schmitz stated that he would
Immediately follow the advice and
make written demand on the surety
company for the full amount of Smith's
defalcation.
SHORTAGE MADE GOOD.
Relative to the liability of City
Treasurer McDougald for the $15,590 08
paid out on Smith's personal check.
Long refers to the notification received
that McDougald had returned the full
amount to the city treasury, and says:
"There is no doubt; that the Treasurer
is liable for the sum paid out by his
deputy on E. J. Smith's check. "With
regard to sections 424 and 425 of the
Penal Code, however, I am of the opin
ion that they must be read in connec
tion with section 20 of the same code,
which provides that in every cr|me or
public offense there must exist a un
ion or Joint operation of act and Intent.
Accepting your statement that in your
opinion there was no guilty intent, I
consider that the Treasurer must be
held guiltless of intentional violation
of the penal statutes."
Replying to the Mayor's query as to
his duty relative to the payment of
$9935 70 as attorney's fees for collec
tion of collateral inheritance taxes and
McDougald's holding out of $5273 15
claimed as his commission for collect
ing such tax. Long says:
NOT ENTITLED TO FEES.
"I hold in view of certain decisions
on the point that in no event Is the
Treasurer entitled to retain the com
missions attempted to be allowed him
by section 20 of the said act to his own
use. On the contrary, such commis
sions belong to the municipality and so
far as they have accrued prior to the
amendment of February, 1903, herein
after considered, they should be paid
into the treasury to the credit of the
unappropriated fee fund, if such pay
ment has not been made.
"I hold that section 20 & of the act
of 1903 Js constitutional and authorizes
the Treasurer to appoint and compen
sate special counsel .for services ren
dered in the collection of collateral In
heritance taxes, in an amount not ex
ceeding the percentages named in sec
tion 20 of the act. The'tax imposed
owes its existence entirely to this act.
It is a direct tax . imposed by State
authority upon the bequests, devises
and transfers named In the act and Is
ln no manner dependent upon municipal
action for its imposition. Not only Is
it imposed directly by the State but It
is payable, to the State."
Startling testimony introduced yesterday afternoon by the
"Solid Five" of the Dental Board in the investigation now
being conducted by a State commission seems to point the
black hand of suspicion at Dr. J. . M. Dunn, member of the
minority faction in the board. He is accused of having given
out questions similar to those in the anatomy examination to
his assistant, Dr. Papandre, who told them to afellow student.
Building to Be Erected as
Headquarters for Making
Great Market Campaign
McDougald Should Release
Claim on $5273.15, but Has
Right to Employ Attorneys
AIDS A -.YOUNG ASSISTANT
LEASES NEW YORK LOT
LONG SUBMITS OPINION
Witnesses Swear That Dr. Dunn
Gave Advance Questions,
Italian-Swiss Colony Begins
Plan of Advertising the
Product of This State
Mayor Demands That Surety
on Smith's Bond Make Good
Amount of His Defalcation
COMPANY MUST
REIMBURSE CITY
WILL PROMOTE
WINE INTEREST
ACCUSE OTHER
BOARD MEMBER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4; ,1905.
i AHLSTRAND HELD.— William Ahlstrand.
arrested on complaint" of Secret S«ryic« Agent
Richard" H Taylor on a charge of perjury -In
conSectlon with th* recent naturalization
frauds was held to - answer yesterday by
United States Commissioner Heacock with
tondsflx«dat f 5OOO. In default of which he
was committed to JalL - \u0084.. ..„.. \u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0
Manuel F. Sllvelra, a teamster, who
resided with, his wife and family in
Sausalito. died in the French Hospital
yesterday morning from burns unin
tentionally inflicted upon him by his
wife. Silvelra- had been suffering? with
bronchitis and hi« physician directed
hot applications to his throat >and chest.
The direction was: that the application
should be very hot. but Mrs. SUveira,
through lack of knowledge, made the
applications too hot and scalded the
natient. He was removed to the French
Hospital, where he-died. "Burn*" were
given as the cause of death. . ;
9
ADVERTISEaiENTS._^^___^_
/; Stage favorites, such as Lillian Rus-
sell, Anna Held, Amelia Bingham,
recommend
ED. PINAUfrS
EAODE QUININE HAIR TONIC
to every woman who wishes to pre-
serve or attain beautiful hair. There
is no preparation, so strengthening to
the roots— so preserving of its life and
luster and withal so pleasant to use.
ED. PINAUD' S BAU DE i QUI-
-.-. NINE HAIR TONIC for three
§ BI W- r applications: «nouKh exquisite
\u25a0\u25a0 X\u25a0\u25a0 f" perfume for nve times, and fa-
I 111 1 LL. mous ELIXIR DENTIFRICE for
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ™ five times. Bend . 10c to pay po»t-
*ge. and packing..^ - .' ,. - •\u25a0...
U/DITC T(1 n*V £4- Piaana't American Offlee,
.Wnl 1 1 I U'UA I Kd.Pia«mißldg.. K«wYwk\ity
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Four Facts For
Sick Women
To Considez
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Has an Unequalled Record of Cures —
Mrs. 'Pinkbam's Advice Is Conftden>
fiat. Free, and always Helpful
First. — That almost every operation
in our hospitals performed upon women
becomes necessary through neglect of
such symptoms as backache, irregular
and painful menstruation, leucorrhcea,
displacement* of the uterus, pain in
the side, bnrnlng sensation in the stom-
ach, bearing-down pains, nervousness,
dizziness and sleeplessness.
SECOND.— The medicine that holds
the record for the largest number of
absolute cures of female ills is Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
It .regnlates, strengthens and cures
diseases of the female organism as
nothing else can.
For thirty years it has been helping
women to be strong, curing backache,
nervousness, kidney troubles, all uter-
ine and ovarian inflammation, weak-
ness and displacements, regulating
menstruation perfectly and overcom-
ing its pains. It has also proved itself
invaluable in preparing for childbirth
and the change of life.
Tothd.— The great volume of unso-
licited and grateful testimonials on file
at the Pinkham Laboratory at Lynn,
Mass., many of which are from time to
time published by permission, give ab-
solute evidence of the value of Lydia
K. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and
Mrs. Pinkhairfs advice.
Focp.th. — Every ailing woman in the
United States is asked to accept the
following invitation. It is free, will
bring you health and may save your
life.
\ Mrs. Pinkham's Standing Invitation
to Women.- Women suffering from any
form of female weakness are invited to
promptly communicate with Mrs. Pink-
ham. at Lynn, Mass. All letters are
received, opened, read and answered
by women only. From symptoms given,
your trouble may be located and the
quickest and surest way of recovery
advised. Out of the vast volume of ex-
perience in treating female ills Mrs.
Pinkham probably has the very knowl-
edge' that will help your case. Surely,
any woman, rich or poor, is very foolish
if she does not take advantage of Uum
generous offer of p^jfjt-? T i<*Ot
Save the Babies.
INFANT MOBTAIITY is something frightful We can hardly realize that of -
all the children horn in civilized oountries, twentytwo per cent., or nearly
one-quarter, die hefore they reach one year; thirtyseven per cent, or moro
than one-third, hefore they are five, and one-half hefore they are fifteen!
We do not hesitate to say that a timely use of Oastoria would save a ma-
jority of these precious lives. Neither do we hesitate to say that many of these
infantile deaths are occasioned hy the use of narcotic preparations. Drops, tinctures
and soothing syrups sold for children's complaints contain more or less opium, or
morphine. They are, in considerable quantities, deadly poisons. In any quantity
they stupefy, retard circulation and lead to congestions, sickness, death.. Oastoria
operates exactly the reverse, but you must see that it hears the signature of
j Ohas. H. Fletcher. Oastoria causes the blood to circulate properly, opens the
pores of the skin and allays fever.
Y*-—^^ — -<c—^j Letters from Prominent Physicians
w^^^ addressed to Chas. H. Fletcher.
JH Dr. A. F. Peeler, of SL Louis, Mo., *ays: "I have prescribed your Castoria
_^^^^^- Si in many cases and have always fonnd It an efficient and speedy remedy."
|ITPWSTnWWH[«B| la \u25a0 Dr. E. Down, of Philadelphia,. Pa., sayß: "I have prescribed your Ca3-
f|| toria in my practice for many years with great satisfaction to myself and
' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 ' \u25a0•'"" — in " "" liilj ;"\u25a0 H benefit to my patients." .-•
aa^as|BMpjff9§^ftCßHja^ Wk Dr. Edward Parrish, of Brooklyn, N. T., says: "I have used your Cas-
B^mP ll tor * a ln my own household with good results, and have advi3ed several
ajrff^6y^M^S"»=g-P : ateME fa patients to use it for its mild laxative effect and freedom frocz barm."
W^~~,.' . _ fji Dr - J- B « EUiott, of New York City, says: "Having during the past six
i t i fl I'l m \u25a0 1 1 1\u25a0 •' 1 1 ' "i i"- .'i ; 1 Vr i \u25a0> 1 1 iis: 1| year 3 prescribed your Castoria for infantile stomach disorders, I mo3t
AVcgetablePreparatlonforAs- jgj heartily commend its use. The formula contains nothing deleterious
! similatlnglhcFoodatgßc«ula- M t0 the most delicate of children."
j ting the Stomachs and Bowels of m Dr c G g praguei of Omaha ; Neb-> Sftya . - Tour Castorla ,s, s aa ldeal
$ f^fS^^B'^S^Cii^nV^l^r^i 'Hi med!clne * or children, and I frequently prescribe it. TVhils Ido not advo-
jfM *M .» ifriT t; ftgftTr.l "if Vr 1>J»? ||l c&t9 tne indiscriminate use of proprietary medicines, yet Castoria is an
' -^ ru*i""T~ riwi f 1 H exceD tion for conditions which arise in the care of children."
Promotes LhgCSUOlVLheemil- J8 Df j A pari^r, of Kansas City, Mo., says: "Your Castoria holds th«
ness and ßes^contamsneitrax m esteem of the medLcal profesjilon ln a manne r held by no other proprie-
l^nim^orpliinenorKincral. M tuy preparat ,o n> Uls a BUre and reliable medicine for Infant, and chll-
NOT N AH C OTIC . ; | dfen Jn foct> g|g univerwil household remedy for infantile ailments."
. i|j Dr. H. F. Merrill, of Augusta, lie., says: "Castoria is one of tha very
HmvM^fOidDrSAMVELPiTCMR | finest and most remarkable remedies for infants and children. In my
pipkin Sml- i opinion your Castoria has saved thousands from an early grave. I can
/StfS^to- I 1 * urnlsa hundreds of testimonials from this locality as to Its efficiency
jiniteStud \u2666 I jffl and merits."
Bfca?*niksa»' I • J| Dr. Norman M. Geer, of Cleveland, Ohio, says: "During the last twelve
ari/jffjfyar . I IS Tears I nave frequently recommended your Castoria as one o* the best
Ttanfcywi A?*nr / J|a preparations of the kind, being safe In the hands of parents and very ef- '
Anctfert Remedy forConslioa- 111 * ect * ve * n relieving children's disorders, while the ease with which such
tion. Sour Stomach.Diarrhoea. ff| a P lea «*nt preparation can be administered Is a great advantage."
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- ffi GENUINE CA QTft DI A ALWAYS
ness and Loss of Sleep. M Ufinuint W«O I Ullin ALWATft
The Kind You Have Always Bought
mte&W | n " Use For Over 30 Years. •
THI eSNTAUn COMPANY. TT HURUf *T«««T. HCW TOM* CITT.
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL-!?
Market Street. Near Eighth... rhone South 533
TO-MORROW A.YD SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Th<s Most Sensational Melodrama of Lift ln
the West Ever Written,
lames H. WalUcVa Masterpiece.
THE CATTLE KING
HERSCHEL MAYALL ln the Title Role.
Elegant Scenery! Startling 1 Climaxes! Mexican
Costumes! The Mounted Vaqueros! The At-
tempted Lynching and the Beautiful Kentucky
Thoroughbred.
PRICES— Eve.. 10c to 50c^ Mats.. I^c. 15c. 23c.
a f j-i I ri 1 TT\ Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR psxa.
General Manager.
TO-XIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Enormous Success of
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In J K. Hackett'9 Comedy of Romance,
THE FORTUNES
OF THE KING.
Evgs.. '23c to 75c: Mats. Thqrs.-Sat.. 25c to SOtt.
VEXT MONDAY — WHITE WHITTLESEY la
Henry Miller** Greatest Success,
THE ONLY WAY
SCHEPPS 1 DOGS AND PONIES .
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoom
and Evening In the Theater.
CHARLES DIG.KEY. CTiawf
Hlsh Diver.
RIDE OX THE CIRCLE SWIXG.
See Chiq»i*»» "the Llvinsr Doll.*» Anal*
Redllae. the Plump Lady, aad the
Babies In the Infant Incubators.
ADMIBBIOX 10c \ CHILDREN 5o
MISCELI^»yjFOPS^AjWJUSE3Ug^tTak^^
BASEBALL!
PORTLAND vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY -. 3:30 p.-nu
SATURDAY ...3 p. m.
SUNDAY 2:30 P- *»• *
One of the Largest
Sharks Ever Captured
In the bay Is on exhibition at FISHERMEN'S
WHARF from FRIDAY. Aug. 3. to SUNDAY.
An*, i
DON'T FAIL TO SEE TWE MONSTER MAN-
;:•'•.;'.."; v - EATER.
OPEmSTROHGacb^ffS.
PATENTS. J
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.
'. . ' AMUSEMENTS. -
COMEDY ANTSENSATION!
James J. Morton; Smith and Campbell t
Mme. Cellna Hobrt Orpbeam Motion
Pictures, and
PATTY BROTHERS.
Mr. Alexander Patty Is the Only Man In
the World Who Actually Walks on
His Head. ! ,
Last Times of Mr. S. Miller Kent and
Company! Wilton Brothers! Meaaen-
srer Ho jh" Trio, and La Belle Estelllta.
Assisted by Slirnor Gabardon.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 25c. 30c
GRAND SS EE o R s£
GLICKMAN'S
YIDDISH PLAYERS
FOURTH WEEK -
To-.\l«ht and To-Morrnw Nljrht.
JACOB and ESAU
To-Morrow and Sunday Mats., " THE LIT-
TLE RABBI."
Sunday Night,
King Solomon
NEXT WEEK—
HEKrf ELLIS F GLICKMAN
the Merchant of Venice
Coming— .DEXlS CSULLIVAN.
ft A I IBLMDIAsm nwsnscos
M«btly, Including Sanday—Mat. Sat.
THIS AMD IMuXT WEfcK
Kendall
In His Laughable. Creation,
WEATHER Br ATEN BENSON
AN IDEAL LIEBLER & CO. CAST.
PRICES— 23c to $1 60.
Coming — "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch."
MATINEE TO-MORROW at 3 O'clock.
THIRD WEEK. t - ; V
Pertrmanc? Begins at v o'clock Sharp
\u25a0 Dei Koven and Smith's Romantic Comic Opera
ROB HOY
GREAT SUCCESS OP
KATE CONDON.
ANNA LICHTER.
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM,
TEDDY WEBB.
FRANK R. HATES.
AND. BARRON BERTH ALD.
I PRODX7CTION STAGED BY MAX FREEMAN
First Time at' Popular Prlces^ — 25c. 80c 75c.
I PALACE
1 HOTEL
'Compressed Air cleaning plant
! Room telephones
j ' Steam heat . and open lire*. , '
j Perfect ventilation
1 Pipe organ and orchestra
Perfect.: service •/, /
Unexcelled culsice
Every luxury attainableSEALS PLAY LIKE CHAMPS.
Frank Haddock Startfl Out From Fresno,
but Hl* .Machine (ilvn Out
Xrar Herdon.
FJRESICO,* Aug. 13. — Prank Haddock,
the millionaire, newspaper reporter, left
here at 4 o'clock this afternoon, intent
on breaking all automobile records be
tween .Fresno and San Francisco. He
was equipped . with a new machine and
was accompanied by his wife and
chauffeur.
Haddock was for- two , years employed
•» tb« Fre*ao DaUy Democrat. Last,
FORMER REPORTER INTENT
O.V 'BREAKING AUTO RECORD
spring he was attacked by a series of
hemorrhages from the lungs and was ay
death's door as well as penniless when
friends made" up a purse of 5100 and
sent him off to the Colorado Desert. A
few days ago he. returned • well and
hearty and wearing diamonds. H« roll
ed high while here and. dazzled his
former employers by his flow of cash.
His father, James L. Haddock, a re
tired brewer of , Los Angeles, from whom
he had been, estranged for years, had
died and left him the bulk of his for
tune amounting to $8 00,000. Previous to
his coming here two years ago Haddock
made his living by giving exhibitions
on the vaudeville stage as a trance me
dium. Late last night a telegram was
received from Herdon saying that the
reporter's machine had experienced a
break-down and. would not be able to
smash any records on this trio.
giving Williams great support. The
Seals'. Infield cut off ; many impossible
drives and executed two .lightning
double plays. , Williams Was invincible
and not a Tiger saw .second. -Thomas
was not hit hard, but 1 was wild and hjs
team-mates : erred : grievously. Tacoma
failed to display the usual vim» while
the Seals are right on edge, -i ,1
In the first Spencer was" passed, and
Waldron hit to right. Doyle's -throw
to.head Spencer, at third was wild and
the runner tallied. \u25a0 In . the [ third • Spen
cer again walked, .Mohler singled and
both advanced on a wild pitch,", but none
scored. ' Eagan /erred on '"Williams'
drive in the \u25a0 fifth. . Spencer ibeat out a
bunt and Waldron singled..-McLaugh
lan juggled; the drive and- Williams tal
lied. Spencer .'reaching third "and: scor
ing - when VHildebrand flew .to Doyle.
"With ' one ' down ; in; the eighth- Hllde
brand V singled, i;; reaching * second 'on
Eagah's error. :, Irwin: hit: to center, but
Lynch ; returned the ball , with" accurate
aim, heading Hildebrand off at'the
Mexican Liuht n rl K ht After Jimmy Brltt,
BattUoff Xelwo or Eddie Hanlon.
"Aurella Herrera, the Mexican light
weight, arrived in this city from his
home in Bakersfield last night, and Is
looking to fight ajiy one in his class. He
would like very much to get on with
either Jimmy Britt. Battling Nelson or
Eddie Hanlon. Herrcra says he will do
any weight they may ask and cut the
purse just as the others like.
Sol Lc\'inson is looking out for the
interests of the Mexican and thinks he
can get him a match for this month.
Alex Greggains has not yet made up his
mind as to what he will do with his per
mit, so Herrera figures on signing with
Greggains. If Britt and Nelson turn him
down, Herrera thinks he stands a good
chance to get a go with Eddie Hanlon.
I PORTLAND. Ore., Aug. 3. — Henry
: Clay Rye came to life in the fifth event
of the day, a run of a mile and fifty
'\u25a0. yards, and created some Joy. for the wise
ones were down at 10 to 1 on the
1 sprinter and the money was so evenly
distributed that the price was un
changed from the opening. He finished
a length to the good over Moor, a fa
vorite* at 7 to 10. Moor had a head the
best of It over Hogarth.
\u25a0 The books got a bumping to the ex
tent of about $4000 when Bessie Welfly
won the sixth event at a mile.
J. Peter's chestnut mare opened at
13 to • 10, but , was 6 soon even
money, and the Solomons put down most
of their coin at that price. It was an
easy victory. The mare, four lengths in
the* lead at the wire, . loped in, the oth
ers driving. Four out of six favorites
won. The summary: \u25a0 . i
First race, four furlongs — Isabeau. 3 to 2. 1
to 2. out. won; Smiler. even, .2 to 3. second;
Loyal Front. . out. third. Time. :i9ft.
Second ; race, seven furlongs — Glen Brier,
even. 2 to 5. out, won: Tramway. 3 to 1. even.
second; Chablis, 2to 5, third. Time, 1:29 «4.
Third race, six and 1 a half furlongs — Black
Cloud, 4 to U 1 to 5, 1 to 2. won; Abydos. *
to 5. 3 to 5, : second; Laurea tea, 7 to 5. third
Time, 1:21 ft. .' - j
Fourth race, six -furlongs— Peter J, 8 to 5
3to 5. out., won: Cerro Santa.. 2 to 5. o»t. sec
ond ; Toupee, . out, third. Time, 1:14. ' f .
• Fifth races one mile and flf ty yards— Henrj
Clay Rye. 10 to 1. 3 to 1, even, won: Moor. 1
to 4, out. second; Hogarth, 2 to 5, third.
Time,. l:4ftsa. \ \u25a0:.:••\u25a0\u25a0••:
• Sixth race, one mile — Bessie -Welfly. even, 2
to 5, out..won; Dolly WelthonT,.3 to 1. 3 to 2,
second ; Jlngler. Bto 5, third. Tim«c 1 :42V4.
plate. Nealon beat out an infield drive
and Irwln scored on a double steal,
Graham dropping Eagan's return of the
balL Score:
TACOMA.
i AB. R. BH. PO. A: E.
-Doyle, rf . . i ..40 1 4 I>' 1
Sheehan. 3b ......... 4 0 1 2 1 0
Nordyke. lb 4 0 1 7 0 0
Eagan, ss 3 0 0 0 5 2
McLaughlln. If :.... 1 0 0 10 ,1
Lynch. >ct ..... .V......V8 • 0 0 3 2 0
Casey.' 2b .."..'. 3 0 0 2 00
Graham c.. 3 0 0 8 0. 1
Thomas, p.. ............. 3 0 0 0 2 0
Totals .23 0- ~ 3 27 \u25a011 5
SAN \u25a0 FRANCISCO.
* . . AB. R. BH." PO. A. E. ,
Spencer, rf '..:. 3 2 1 0 0 0
Waldron cf 5 0 2 1 0 0
Mohler. 2b 4~ 0 12 7 0
Hlldebrand,' If .........4 0 1 2 0. 0
Irwin, 3d. . . . . ; 4 1 1 2 3 0
Nealon. lb :-.. 3 0 1 15 0 Oi
5hea.c....:.; 4 0 0 3 1 0
Gochnauer, ss 4 0 0 2 3 0
Williams, p..... 3 11 0 3 0
Totals 34 4 8 27 17 0
, RUNS AND HITS .BY ' INNINGS.
Tacoma ...........0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hit 5." ....... 1 0 00. 010 0 I—31 — 3
San Francisco ....1 0 0 0 2 0 0 1 o—t0 — t
Base hit 5 ...... ..1' 0 1 0 2 0 1 3 O— S
SUMMARY.
' '\u25a0"'. Struck out— By -' Thomas 7, by Williams 3.
Bases on- balls— Off Thomas 2. oft Williams 1.
Hit "by pitcher— McLaughlln, Nealon. Wil
liams.V. Wild pitch — Thomas. Stolen , bases—
Nealon. (2). ,; Williams .:' First base on errors-
San : Francisco 1. Double plays — Gochnauer to
Mohler ;\u25a0 to \u25a0 Nealon ; - Mohler \u25a0 to '-. Gochnauer ito
Nealon.- Left on bases— Taeoma" 3." San • Fran
daoo 7. Time of same— l:23. Umpire— Ferine.
HERRERA AAXIOUS TO FIGHT.
HENEY CLAY EYE WINS
AND MAN V AEE HAPPY
Financial troubles which have' In
volved > the \u25a0 local track, for some tim?
culminated to-night when the riders
struck, refusing to ride until the prize
money was put up. Manager Heagren
personally pledged the money and the
races proceeded." *
OGDEN, Aug. 3.— W. E. Samuelson of
Provo broke the world's, bicycle record
for two miles to-night at the local
saucer track. Riding from j scratch lin
a handicap professional race he did the
distance In 3:48 1-5. This is four-fifths
of a second better" than any previous
record. s
3>4Sl-5 on the Ogden Saucer
Track.
Utah .Man Goes . Over the Distance ln
JACfcsON, Miss.; Aug. B.— Every team
in the Cotton States League - has been
'disbanded' and the players are now
looking for opportunities to sign with
other leagues.
Cotton States . League Quits.
CYCLER W. E. SAMUELSO3T
0 BREAKS TWO-MILE RECORD
.SEATTLE, Aug. 3. — Seattle did good
work ln the field this afternoon, • and
bunched hits to good advantage. It was
a bad day for the pitchers, and j both
Roach and Tozier suffered by being hit
hard. Roach was the real batting kid.
getting two singles and a double when
I they counted most. Dillon finished with
a perfect batting average. Rose threw
Hall out at the plate after catching
a long. fly, and Hall completed a double
play after Roach had fielded a bunt to
second. Those were the fielding \u25a0 fea
tures. Score:
BDATTLIS.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. B.
Walters, cf .4 10 3 0 0
Kane, 3b 4 0 1 2 2 0
BHnkcnshlp, o 4 0 0 2 0 0
Hart, cf 4-0 0 4 0 0
Frlck. 2b 4 11 11 0
Houtz, If .2 2 0 2 0 0
Frary, lb 8 2 3\9 0 0
R. Hall, tM. 4 0 2 3 4 0
Roach, p 4 1 3 1 4 0
Totals 33 7 10 27 11 -."0
LO6 ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard, cf 6 0 3 1 1 0
Flood, 3b 6 0 15 1 1
Toman, 2b .............. 4 1 1 2 3 1
Dillon, lb •.-.".; 4 1 4; 6 11
Brashear.es 4 0 2 0 11
Ross, If ..." 4 0 0. 2 1 0
Cravath. rf 4 0 0 4 0 0
Spies, c ..'.,...;.. 4 0 1 40 0
Tozier, p ............... 4 0 0 0 2 0
Total* . ....38 2 12 24 10 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle -.0 10 0 3 10 2 x— 7
Base hits 0 1 1" 0 2; 3. 0 3 x— lo
Los Angeles. 10 0 0 0 10 0 o—2
Base hits .....2011:1 203 2—12
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Seattle 1..L09 Angreles .1. Two
base hits — Dillon,- Roach.. Double ,' play-
Roach to Hall to Frary; Ross to Spies. : Sac
rifice hit— Houtz.' Stolen bases— Dillon (2),
Brashear, Kane (2), Houtz.' Struck < out— By
Roach 1, . by:-' Tozier 2. Bases on: balla-^Ort
Tozier 8. Passed balls— Blankenship : 1, Spies
1. .Left on bases — Seattle 5,\ Los Angreles 7.
Time •of game-7-One ; hour forty minutes.' Um
pire^—Davis. <- - ' ' ; : ~-^3^sssjgpßajBpßKSßg
SIWASHES THEUK OXCE MORE.
: By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First mce — C. R. James. Wabana,
Stay Away. » ,
Second mce — Shine On, Gre-rtlla,
Henry Warlnjf.
.Third race— Ln Londe, Henry Walte,
Oratorlan.
Fourth rnce— Our Bessie, Red Light,
Prince oi IMlsen. ,
Fifth rare— Marvel P. Bnckle, Lucy
Carr. .
Sixth nice — Parnasa, Collector, Bine
Flame.
Seventh race— Rndahek, C. B. Camp
bell. Fade Meny.
FORT ERIE SELECTIONS
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 3. — The fight
between Jack Burke of Sacramento and
Bennie Hart of Stockton here to-night
was stopped in the sixteenth round by
Referee Eddie Smith of Oakland and
awarded to Burke after he put Hart
to the floor with a' left on the jaw.
Burke out-pointed Hart from the* start.
Jockey Bennet of Sacramento was
given the decision over Ed Parker of
San Francisco in a ten-round • pre
liminary.
Hart Easy for Burke.
• : By tire New York Morning Telegraph.
First , i*'f — Rose of Dawn, Lady
Amelin, lucnntatlon. .-
Second mce — Touts Mook, Sidney. F,
KJnlcydnle.
Third race— Humo, Robador, Lady
Ellison.'.,
'Fourth race— An Kevolr, St. Bellnne,
Lord o* the Ynle.
Fifth mee — Ancot Belle, ' Gray Lad,
Lolls.
Sixth mce — lolanda. Dodina, Hes
ter MY. /rtA
In the second heat, McDonald had Sweet
Marie right on her stride and went away
with Tiverton at a whirlwind gait. For
a few strides the mare showed in front
and then the gelding forged ahead, lead
ing at the quarter, by a length. This time
McDonald made his drive earlier, reach
ing Tiverton at the three-quarters. From
there to the .wire was witnessed one of
the mqst desperate finishes ever seen on
a traclt. The 6000 spectators in the grand
stand were aroused to the highest pitch
of excitement, and when Sweet Marie
flashed under the wire a winner by a
neck the applause was . deafening \and
continued until the driver had dismounted
and weighed in. Time, 2:04*4: ;
In tha third and final heat .Tiverton
rushed to the front, but Sweet Marie
yokefi him on . the lower turn. Howell
pushed ' Tiverton to the \u25a0 distance post.
Then he realized that he was beaten and
considerably eased his horse, the mare
Jogging home a winner by an open
length. Time, 2:0 C%.
The time of the- three heats' was, with
the exception of Cresceus-The Abbott
race, at Brighton Beach, the fastest ever
trotted. Jn the opinion of experienced
horsemen" the time made to-day, was su
perior, as The Abbott was withdrawn
after the second heat and Cresceus went
the mile accompanied by a runner for a
pacemaker. Summary:
Match race, trot, pursa $5000— Sweet Marie
won second and third heats and race. Tiver
ton won first h»>at. Time by. quarters:
First heat— :32.' l:o3%. 1:34%; 2:05%.
Second heat — :31U. l:02»i, $1:33%- - 2:04%.
Third heat— :32 1:03%. 1:31%, 2:06%
vine track, and when the contest of
ep«eed ended the honors were awarded
to the Pacific slope. In one of the finest
speed contests ever seen on any race
course, Sweet Marie defeated Tiverton
two out of three heats, thereby winning
for her owner, William Garland, of Los
Angeles', a purse of JS(KX).
It was 2:20 when Alta McDonald, be
hind Sweet Marie, and John Howell, with
Tiverton, appeared for the first heat,
the latter getting the pole on the toss.
After tv.o preliminary scores all was in
readiness, and the first time down they
got the v.ord, with Tiverton a saddle
girth in the lead. This advantage he in
creased until he swung down the stretch
for home, when Sweet, Marie reached his
wheel, but the gilding won handily by
half a length. Sweet Marie was undef
a hard drive. The time, 2:05%, was the
trotting record of the year, beating that
of Dr. Strone at Detroit last week by
half a second.
RKADVILLEr Mass.. ,Aug. 3.—Califor
nia and New York met to-day at Read-
BUFFALO. Aug. 3. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Fort Erie:
First race, »ix and a half fnrionESv maiden
three-year-olds and up— Komoka 114. Fracas
111 C. R. James 107. Rapport 106. Doc Wal
lace 104 Baby M 104. Stock Exchange 102.
Stay \way * 102, Edna Sandman 102, Awe 97,
Storm Scud 97. Wabana 97.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds—Herman Johnson 113. Grevllla 113.
Shlneon 113. Oratorlan 103, Henry Waring 100.
Sweet Flavia 100. ' ,
Third race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and ud— Tom Crabb ICS. Henry Walte 108.
Circular Joe 103, Day 103. Varieties 99. Co
lumbia Girl 98, Fly Lady 9S, La Londe 97.
"Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up. selling— Prine of Pllsen 107.
Chamblee 100, Our Bessie 105, Arrah Gowan
104 Reveille 103. Amberita 102. Harry New
98, 'Arab OS. Red Light 95. Glpsano 95, Mamie
Algol 02, Dorothy Dodd 85.
Fifth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Ruaninu Mis» 111. Marvel P 108, Lady Chis
\u25a0wick 108 Lady Travers 108. Lady Stewart 106,
LUuy Carr lOC, Proforma 106, Buckle 106.
-Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, maiden
three-year-olds and vp — Patriclus 114. Parnaaa
'ICO Gold Ribbon 109. Blue Flame 106. Prairie
Flower II 104, Sand 104, Notalee 102. Theodore
102. Phoenix Cottage 99, Collector 99. Edgeley
Queen 97, Bernie Cramer 99. .
Seventh race, seven furlongs, four-year-olds
and up.Rellinff — Little Tom Tucker 112. Mizzen
Mast. 109. Jim Hale 109, Trepan 109, Hobson's
Choica 109, Devonshire 109. C. B. Campbell
100. Hindoo Princess 107. Chanterelle 107,
Scalper 104, Rudabek 104, Fade Away 102.
Weather clear: track fast. ' ;.*.
FOIIT ERIK EXTRIES.
Wh«»n Jirr.mle Gardner of Lowell,
Mass-., and Rufe Turner of Stockton
: hook \:p to-ni.srht at Colnia on« of the
bePt battles of the season between
lightweights is fissured.^ It will be
Gardners first ap;>eararce in a Cali
fornia ring, and will also mark the
initial attempt of the black whirlwind
to subdue a high-grade boxer in the
vicinity of this city. x
The men are to box twenty-five
rounds at ISS pounds at •) o'clock. The
battle wil! be referred by Billy Roche.,
the ofßcial judge of the Golden State
Athlttic Association, under whos?
auspiefs the jrjill will be fought. All
indications point to a knockout within
a short period, for both men are hard
punchers and Quick to take advantage
of an opening.
In the br-tting: last right Turner ruled
a 10 to 9 favorite over the man from
the Bay State; but it ie expected that
the heaviest wagering will be done to
day, as the admirers of both men
seemed to be holding out for better
odds. The fight looks like an cven
money proposition, but still the tvis3
brigade is looking for the best of the
price..
Turner did all his training near hi*
home- In Stockton. Last night he went
to bed well under weight. The black
cm worked harder for this go than
he was ever known to labor before,
.\u25a0and lack of condition can never stand
as an excuse if lie falls to bring back
the- coin. Turner will arrive in this
city this afternoon on a special train,
J which bears the members of Stockton's
•porting fraternity.
Gardner's work has been done at
Larkspur, where he trained under the
watchful eyes of his brother George and !
•Smiling Metzner. The Lowell boy is a
bit rangier than Turner.* and therefore
the wtight was not co easy for him.
But he managed to take it all off dur
ing the last few days, end will tip the
beam this evenirlg well under the re-
Qulred notch, for he retired last night
a couple of pounds to the good.
The figrhU will start early, and there
will be no unnecessary delay. As the
management expects an immense crowd
at the ringside, many additional spe
cial cars have been arranged for, so
that the patrons will be well taken
care of and landed back In this city
: before midnight. i
SWEET MARIE
ANNEXES $5000
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Saratoga:
First race, six furlongs, mares, all ages,
handicap — Lady Amelia 124, Schulamite 108,
Rose of Dawn 105, Kitty Platt 104, Incanta
tion 102. New Mown Hay OS, Ascension 96,
Kiamesha 95, Sly Bride 87.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds — Snow.' 117, Ben Hodder 102, Rubal
yat 114, Sidney F 117. Yalagal 99. Entree 102.
Lady Navarre 119, The Irishman 102, Athlete
102, La Sorciere 110, Descend 99, Kiamesha II
99, - Klnleydale 110, Toots Mook 114.
Third race, one mile, three-year-olds, selling
— Graylad 90, Port Arthur 101, The Gadfly 101,
Indian Star 101, Hattle 96, Bellindian 101,
Bradley's Pet 06, Lady Ellison 101, DArkle
114, Humo 103, Lineal OS, Robador 96, Loretta
M 104, Peggy O'Neal 96.
Fourth race, one anr* an eighth miles, all
pges, handicap — Lord of the Vale 124, Au Re
volr 119, St. Bellane 113, Judge Himes 100.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
three-year-olds and up, selling — Ascot Belle
100 Leila 106, Graylad 01, Hippocrates 107,
Ismallian 94, Father D 06.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
fillies and celdings. two-year-olds, selling —
Amnesia 00. Bauble 00, lolanda 95, Top Sail
90. Dodina 102, Toots 107, Azure 97, Hester
W .01," Florazonde 105.
Weather clear; track fast.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
FAST LIGHTWEIGHT BOXER OF LOWELL, MAPS.. AND STOCKTON'S HURRI
CANE NEX.RO SLUGGER. WHO WILL MEET THIS EVENING IN THE RING
! • . AT COLMA IN A TWENTY-FIVE ROUND CONTEST.
LATOXIA SRIiECTIOXS.
LATOXIA EVTIUES. ' V
CINCINNATI. Aug. 3.— Following ar«
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Merce» 102.
Jim Collins 104. Euba 107. Grapple 107. Fon
tesla 100, Algonquin IU9. Glad Smile 109.
Judgo Saufley 112. Python 112. Handy Bill 112.
Anna Beall 114, Red Cliff 116. Full Sway US,
April Shower 110.
Second race, one and a. sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Red Leaf 90. Hot 102. King Ellsworth 107,
The Messenger 107. Western Duke 110.
Third race, five furlongs, selling — Grace Wag
ner 93, Daffodil 98. Roxena 93, Osee 98. Rosl
Ni Nl 102. Hostility 103. Lillta 103, Anita 103.
Queen Caroline 103, Topsy Robinson 105.
.Fourth race, six furlongs, selling- — Picture
Hat 102. Herilda 107, Eduardo ICO. Mabel
Wlnn 109. Mattie H IC9. Albemarle 111.
1 Arachne 114. Pontotoc 115. Clarion 118, A Con
vict 116, Best Man 116. Bemoone 120, Joe Goss
122. Nona B 125.
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course, handle
cap — Lights Out 129. John E. Owens 132. Mar-"*^
tin Brady 139. Shackleford 141. Itacatiara 147.
Sixth, race, five and a half furlong 3. purse —
John S 102. Yazd 110. Orbicular 110. RomoU
110 Trenola 110, Floral Artist 110. Malleable
1101
Weather clear; track fast.
First race— Alsonquln, Fontesia* Jim)
Coll inn.
Second race Red LeaK» Weatera
Duke. The Messenser.
Third race — I-lllta, Grace Wagaet
HoMtlUty.
\u25a0Fourth race— Mnbfl Win a, Herllda,
Joe Uom.
Fifth race— Shacklefoxd, Itaeattara*
Mnrtln Brady. ,
Sixth race — Treaola, Orbicular, B*a
nioln.
The Commuters never pulled off a bet
ter rally in their existence than the one
that came to pass in the ninth spasm
yesterday afternoon, as the various men
grabbed their bats, then continued one
I after another to line 'em out and chasfc
over the sacks. Before the Galnts could
.' realize what was coming off, Oakland
j had clouted three men past the line and
bade their opponents a pleasant evening.
The hardened fan would not have given
a last year's rain check for Oakland's
chances in the ninth, when ' the Giants
were leading 4 to 2 and the game seemed
In. But Old Rip Van Haltren started
the doings with a pretty bunt and Dun
lea vy beat a slow one to Atz. While the
Portland infield was playing catch, Van
sneaked around to third.
Along came Kruger with a smash into
the right garden, putting Van through
with the first tally. Baby McLean tried
to wing a fast one and catch Dunleavy
at second, but the peg was wide and Dun
tore in with the second. Kruger got as
far as second. He quickly stole third and
when Hogan responded with a drive over
Van Buren's head, all the fans went
; home.
There was lots of lively hitting sand
wiched in between those nine rounds of
action. Smiling Schmidt was wild after
his sojourn in the bushes and did not
pitch as good ball as he might. | Corbett
was a very lucky young man, for the
Commuters were getting men on the bases
right along, but they all seemed to stick
till the big rally was pulled off in the
ninth spasm. ;
They each made a run in the first two
innings, but the Giants icame through
with three in the fourth, and it looked
bad for Oakland. Runkle showed the way
by getting a life on Kruger's fumble and
Corbett hammered one safe to left. Mc-
Creedie unloaded another two bagger to
center and Runkle arrived. When Flem
ing dispatched his second liner out to left,
both McCreedie and Corbett chased them
selves over the rubber, making it 4 to 1
in Portland's favor.
Oakland grabbed another in the seventh
! on a couple of hits, but it did not look
as If they had a chance to bring home
the money till the rally happened. Con
rad, the former catcher for the soldier's
baseball nine at the Presidio, has been
signed by the Giants and will be seen
in action in a few days. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. cf 4 2 3 0 2 O 0
Francks. ss 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Dunlsavy, If 5 1 2 1 2 0 0
Kruser. lb 6 1 3 2 8 01
Kelly, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Hogan, rf 4 0 2 0 3 0 1
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 S 1 0
Schmidt, p 3 1 0 0 0 4 1
Totals 34 5 10 3 27 11 3
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Atz. ss 5 0 O 01 1 1
MoCreedie, rf 4 2 8 O 0 0 0
Fleming, if 3 0 21 3 0 0
Householder, cf 3 0 0 1 2 0 O
Van Buren. lb 4 0 1 0 13 1 0
McLean, c 4 0 1 0 3 0 1
Gate-!. 2b 3 0 0 0 36 0
Runkle, 3b 3 1 0 0 0 2 0
Corbett, p 4 1 1 0 0 3 0
Totals 33 4 8 2*25 14 2
•One out when winnlne run scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 13 0 0 0 0 o—4
Base hits .....2 123 000 00—8
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 10 3—53 — 5
Ba.=e hits 1 0 0 1 112 0 4—lo
SUMMARY.
Three- base hits — Kruger, Hogan. Two-base
hits— McCreedie (2). Sacrifice hits— Francks
(2). Cates. First base on errors — Oakland 1,
Portland 1. First base on called balls — Oft
Corbett 0. off Schmidt 3. Left on bases —
Oakland 12." Portland 0. Struck out — By'Cor
bett 2, by Schmidt 5. Double play — Francks
to Kelly to Kruger. Passed ball — McLean.
Wild pitch — Schmidt. Time of game— One
hour forty minutes. Umpire — Bray. . \u25a0><:\u25a0'
'STAXDrXG OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
San Fran 2 0 .1000 Portland 1 2 .333
Seattle 2 0 .IDOO Los Angeles.. o 2 .000
Oakland 2 1 .WjqTaeoma 0 2 .000
Oakland-Portland, Recreation ParU.
San Francisco nt Tneoinn.
Lot AneH«« at Seattle. \
OAMUS TO-DAY.
BUFFALO, Aug. 3. — The racing across
the river to-day was rather marked for
its placidity and smoothness, not an in
cident of any kind out of the ordinary
occurring-. The track and weather oon
ditlons were perfect. A handicap at a
mile and an eighth was the principal
feature and was won , by Our Bessie, \
who set a new track record for the
distance, covering it in 1:53.
. Hans Wagner was an equal favorite
with Bishop Pool's Baikal and the race
was between these two for the first
mile with Hans Wagner in the lead.
When they straightened out for home.
Our Bessie put on a full head of steam I
I and, catching the other two in the clos-
I ing strides, won ridden out. by a length.
1 Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs, purs*; thr«*
year-olds:
Bitting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to2i>— Conjuress 109 (Munro) 1 la 11
Bto s— Pirate Polly. 109(Lndry) 8 2 6 2 10
10 to I— Dart 100 (Walsh) 1 7131
Time, 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner George Hendrie's b. 1., by Sorcerer-
Belle Swift. Dixie Andrews. Mamie March.
Affray. Indian Flower. Belknap, Emma Per
kins. Wabana. finished .as named.
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs. purse;
maiden two-year-olds: - ' :\u25a0\u25a0•-*'•\u25a0
Bttting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »t Fin.
10 to I— Lena Jones, 103 (Munro) 1 1 * 1 2
Bto I— The Broker, 108 (Kunz) 3 2 2 2 h
7to I— A. Berry. 10S (Christian) 10 5 1 3 h
.Time - 1:02 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner Johnson & Dodson's b. f.. by Orstna-
Helva. ' King-s Guinea. Massey. Etta M Ca!a
bogue Long Bright. Ocean Brook. Ethel Pep
per, Peter Becker, Rubinon, finished as named.
THIRD RACE^-One and an elphth miles,
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
3 tol— Our Bessie. 96 (Kun*)... 1 3 a 1 1
3to 2— H. Wagner. 115 (D.Boind) 2 12 2 2
3to 2— Baikal, ICS (Troxler) 5 2 2 3 6
Time 1:53. Start good. Won driving. \V in
ner J F Newman & Son's b. m., by Lord
Dalmeny- Bessie Blsland. Bell The Cat. Wat
ertower. finished as named^
FOURTH RACE — On* mile; three-year-olds
and up; celling: \u0084 \u0084 ™
Betting. Horns. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to I—Monochord,1 — Monochord, 105 (Neely) . . 3 11 . 1 n
7to 2— King of Valley,110(Bolnd) 4 4 h 2 h
2 tol— High Fllng.9s(H.Jack 9 n) 6 3n 3 2
Time, 1:40 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. George E. Dudley's eh. t. by Kantaka-
Nattot. Oro Viva. Mezzo. Zigzag and Bassa
nlno finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin,
sto 2— Depends," 9l (T. Taylor).. 7 10 1 11
5 tol— lnk, 111 (Troxler) 4 5n 2n
6 tol— Lemon Girl, 95 (Jswam).. 6 81 3 4
Time 1:40 4-5.- Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. G. D. Wilson's eh. f. by The Friar-
Device. Brushton, Louis Kraft. Golden Flower^
My Alice. Fairbury. Llla Noel, Long Spur and
Economist finished as named.' '
SIXTH RACE — Steeplechase, short course;
maiden three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey-.- St. % Fin
sto I— The Guardsman. 143(Crbly) 35 1 \\ft
Bto I— Scotsman. 142 (Gaylor)... 12 4 2 ft
9to s— Ohnet, 147 (Brazil) 7 1 1 320
Time 4:04. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. T. Halfleld & Co.'s or. %, by Dr. Mac-
Bride-Sis Himyar. Amber. Nesto. Sliver Fir
and Japalak finished as named.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— This was the
first fine day since the meeting: began
here, a regular Saratoga day. The
track was fast. The attendance was
six thousand. The Alabama Stake was
the feature of the afternoon. As anti
cipated. Tradition held a comparative
walkover for the race. Kiamesha bat
tled for a while to hold her down, but
it was a fruitless effort. The. stake
! was worth $6000. 'Summary;
• .- FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
! olds and up; handicap:
: Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
120 to I—Oarsman,1 — Oarsman, 120 (DugttnJ ... 9 5 h 12
t Bto s—Dandelion,5 — Dandelion, 103 (Balrd)... 1 2 I}A2 3
Bto I— lsraelite, 99 (Dlggins)... 2 1 IVj3 2
i.Time, J :26 1-5. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner, L; Kempner's eh. g. by Hasting3-Orteg;al.
Wotan, Joctfnd, Sir Lynnewood, Royal Window,
Ico Water and Adrlutha finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, about two
miles; maiden four-year-oics and up:: «
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
•1 to s— CaloorahatchiP.l32(Owins) 2 2 1 15
3to I— Garter Knot, 130(E.HeIdr) 3 I 1%2
40 to I— Frank Somers,l3s(Holmn) 7 3 3
Time, 4::il. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G.« B. Hill's b. c. by Loeohatchie-Quan
dary- Temerity, King Fox, Honorius and
Duchess Ollie finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-j ear-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to I— Ruth W, 102 (Balrd) 4 4 1 1 2V4
«to 5— Hooray, 110 (O',Neill) 5 1121
15 to I— Befaen, 105 (Digging) 7 7 ft 3 5
Time, 1:1-13-5. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, G. C. Bennett's eh. f. by King's Coun
sfl-Letter B. Youth, Adeseo, Wes, Dave Lewis,
Highbrush, Rapid Transit and Cat's Eye fin
ished as named. ..; ;;
-.-•*. *-.-.'\u25a0'. \u25a0 / _««_«__
FOURTH RACE— The Alabama stake; one
and five-sixteenths miles; for fillies; three
year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to Tradition. 124 (W.Dvis) 3 2 1 ?i
15 to I — Kiamesha. 116 ILyne). 1 1 h 2 15
15 to I— Gold Ten. 121 (Martin) 2 3 « 8
Time, 2:10 2-5. V ritart good. Won cleverly.
Winner, S. Paget's b. f. by Goldflnch-Reclare.
Three starters. . '
FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse, weight. Jockey. St. ft Fin.
20 to I— Mil. Man. 106 (Morirty) 6 8 1 Va
5 to I— M Mullah, 103 (McDnl) 7 4 h 2 5
4 to I— Rubric, 105 (Diggins)... 2 2 I^3 1&
Time, 1:41/ Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, T. G. Ferguson's eh c. by St. George-
Fanfare. Uncle Urigh. King Pepper, Glow
Star. Athlone, Runnels, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a hair furlongs;
maiden two- year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight/ Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 2— Mohawk 11. 114 (Redfern) 2 2 %, 1 3
4 to I— Juggler, 113 (Hildebrnd) 1-12 2 1%
7 to I— Bellsnlcker, 114 (O'N-ell) 9 6 ft 3 h
Time, 1:08. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Sanford's eh. c. by Rockton-La Tosca.
Belmere. Nostromo. Veta, Peeping Tom, Sir
Carruthers Caprice, finished as named.
Sp«c*al 13!f patch to TB» CalL
I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Oakland, Cf Portland, 4.
Han Franctaco, 4) Tncoma, 0.
Seattle, 7| Los Augeles, 2.
I CINCINNATI. An*. 8 The card at
Latonia to-day was well filled with
{ several Interesting? events. The first
: and fourth races were the feature. Cap-
I tain Bush winning In the opening event
i in handy fashion, while Orllne and Ba
| gonia .put up a pretty race in tn«
fourth. Orline was nicely ridden by
Walsh and managed to push her head
in front Just as the wire was reached.
The track was fast, the weather plaas
ant and a fair sized crowd was in at*
tendance. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlonj»» m*ldsn tw*>
Tear-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to I— Capt. Bush. 107 (Horflert 4 3 f» 1 14
3 to 2— Marvin N'eal. 112 (Nlcol) 14 13a
j 9to I— Matabon. 112 (Hall) 8 53 8 2
( Time. 1:0". Start good. Won «aa!!v. Wlq
r.er, W. Hohler & Co.'s b. c by Jim Gor«-Su«
It. Sea Mats 108. Th« Minks 107, Rely 109.
Zarda 107. Dudley 104. J. H. Montgomery 107.
Casperdeno 111. King's Waldan 107. Squacdtt
107, Scalplock 104. finished aa named.
SECOND RACE— On • milei four-y*«x-ol<Sa
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fta.
3 to 2— Early Boy. 97 (Radtke). 2X812
IB to I— Oil fain. 109 (Morrison).. 12 2 8 5
7to I— W. Perry. 96 (Robinson). 5 3 18 1
Time. 1:10 4-5. Start good. Won easlljv
Winner, Denny Bros." eh. h. by Oold«n Dawn*
Braw Lass. Rlan 104. The Mesaenxor 103, Sis.
ter Lillian 100. Lord Haven 104, Mint Bed 10T.
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Thra» and a hair furlons»(
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fla.
ato2— I a Pucelle. Uti (Radtke). 4 1 1 1 S
13 to s— Birch Broom, 99 (Foy). 13 2 2 2
It to&— Havlland. 112 (Harris).. 2 4238
Time, 1:20. Start fair. Won easily. Wla
ner. J. N, Camden's eh. f. (3) by Esh*r-Blu«
Danube. Felix Mozzes 99. Lady Lavlah 93.
finished as named.
FOURTH RACK— Five furlongs: two-year-old
fillies; purse:
Bettlns. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3to I— Oline. 104 (Walsh) 4 8 1 h
6to I— Begonia, 100 (Radtke) 3 112 1
7to I— Telepathy. 103 (Hall) 1 2 n 3 ft
Time. 1:01 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. K. Hughes & Co.'s b. f. by Orlando-
Llndolette. Beatrice X 104, Floss S 100. Santa
Lucia 104 and Sister Edith 100 finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE! — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; sell ins:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Flo.
4to I— Happy Jack 11.971 Morris) 3 2113
«to I— L. ilacFarlan, 95(Harrts) 7 4 4 2 1
II tol— Miss Manners. lOUEooker) 1 3 h 3 I*4
Time. 1:27 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Arthur's b. c. (3) by Helma-Sally
Ban. Xaran 101. Paul 97. Win ton 104. All
Scarlet 97 and Esterre 92 finished as named-,
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to s— Aurocelver. 95 (Morris).. 2 1 1 1 n
7 tol— Axares. 101 (Robinson).. 1 3 I^2 6
10 to I—Judg«1 — Judg« Trynr.lO2(Seamstr) 4 4 1 3 n
Time. 1 :27. Start fair. 'Won dxrving. Winner.
Otts Bros.* b. f. (3) by Deceiver-Aurora. Brav
ery 93. Colonel Jim Douglas 102. Rossesaa 93,
Van Hope 104. The Pet MI and Animosity 104
flnahed as named.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Gamblers, intent
I upon playing the races, and policemen,
determined to prevent ail race track bet
ting on the high seas, furnished to-day
on Lake Michigan a unique' and spec
tacular gambling raid. The police and
gamblers raced around the lake, first
| Into Michigan waters, then close to .the
1 shores of Illinois, and then into the juris
. diction of Indiana, the one seeking es-
I cape and the police determined to cap-
I ture them. The net lesults of the day for
' the police were the capture of fourteen
' weary marine gamblers who floated
ashore at South Chicago in a launch. All
of the others, after a hot chase by the
police in a lumbering fire tug, escaped
to Indiana Harbor, Ind., and made their
way ashore outside of the Jurisdiction of
the Chicago police,
' Chief of Police Collins said to-day he
'would no longer permit the operation of
'the floating poolroom City of Traverse.
" He asserted that he would arrest all the
j gamWers when they attempted to board
' it, claiming that they were about to com
mit an Illegal act, which brought them
within police Jurisdiction. The gamblers
circumvented the, Chief of Police at the
outset. by causlng\the steamer City of
Traverse to 'be run out into the lake
into the waters of the State of Indiana,
where she lay all through the morning.
Large details of police were placed on
the shore guarding approaches to all the
docks from which the gamblers might
make their way to the lake.
It was the expectation of the authori
ties that the betting fraternity would
leave Chicago on the City of Traverse,
but instead of this a small excursion
steamer, the Eagle, had been chartered,
and the gamblers, walking past the po
lice, embarked and started for the City
of Traverse, which was rolling around in
midlake.
The police were powerless to intercept
the "excursionists," as they called them
selves, and with deep chagrin watched
them sail away to place their money "on
the races.
The announced programme of the man
agers of the floating poolroom was that
all passengers would be landed at the
foot of Ninety-second street In South
Chicago, where the Calumet River emp
ties . into Lake Michigan. Chief Collins,
balked in his attempt to prevent^the
sailing of the gamblers on the Eagle,
transferred his forces to Js'inety-second
street and posted them along the shore
in such a manner that it would have been
practically impossible for any man from
the City of Traverse or the Eagle to set
foot on shore and escape arrest.
Late in the day the Eagle steamed Into
the harbor at South Chicago loaded with
200 men who were anxious to reach the
shore. As soon as the boat was well in
side of the first bridge It was swung be
hind it. With escape to the lake cut oft
by the bridge and no possible chance of
i a safe landing on shore, the case of the
gamblers for a time looked desperate.
The Eagle circled around and around In
the harbor, tooting its whistle in frantic
fashion for the bridge tender to turn the
bridge and allow it to steam back into
the lake. The police stood on the shore
and laughed, feeling confident that it. 'was
only a question of time before the pas
sengers of the Eagle would be in their
power.
A small, insignificant mud scow hap
pened along at this critical moment,
however, and blew its whistle as a signal
for the bridge to open. The bridge tender
was compelled to swing the bridge, and
the Eagle, planting its bow squarely in
the stern of the mud scow, crowded In
closely as It passed through the bridge
and then made a run for the open lake
and freedom.
As soon as the , police discovered the
approach of the mud scow and realized
that the bridge must open they made a
rush for the fire tug Yosemlte, and by
the time the Eagle was entering the
waters of the lake the tug was , tearing
after it, loaded down with policemen.
The Eagle, however, steadily drew away
from the tug, and after a run of ten
minutes the police gave up the chase.
The Eagle landed at Indiana Harbor, its
passengers returning to Chicago by train.
Before the arrival of the Eagle at South
Chicago a small launch, the Panther,
came in bearing a number of gamblers
from the City of Traverse and several
fishermen. All the passengers of the
Panther were lined up on the pier and
compelled to stand in a heavy, rain while
the police weeded out the fishermen from
the. "excursionists." Fourteen .men who
could not prove that they had been fish
ing were loaded into the partol wagon
and carried to the police station.
The gamblers who returned to Chicago
this evening declared that even though
the police had arrested all the passengers
of the Eagle- they would have found it
impossible to prove a case; against them.
Captain Bush Easily Wins
in the Opening Event
From Wire to Wire
Hans Wagner and Baikal Set
the Pace, but They Are
Overhauled in the Stretch
Schmidt Is Wild After His
Sojourn io Bushes, While
Corbett 4 Is Aided by Luck
Steamer Follows a Mud Scow
Through Drawbridge and
Gives Officials, the Slip
Large Crowd of Racegoers
Enj oy the First Pleasant
Day at Saratoga Track
BEGONIA LANDS PLACE
THREE RUNS COME OVER
SOME MAKE A GETAWAY
CRAWLS UP ON LEADERS
EVENT IS WORTH- SGOOO
\u25a0 i - »
Mare Runs Mile and Eighth
in 1 1:53; Setting New Eec
ord for* Fort Erie Track
luamesha Makes a Game Bid
V for the Alabama Stake.
but Effort Is Fruitless
Chicago Bluecoats Have a
Merry Time Chasing Pool
sellers on Lake Michigan
Four Timely Bingles in the
Ninth Inning Put Port
land Giants Down and Out
3Lire 3ranages to Stick Her
Xose Out at the Finish in*
Time to Get the Money
OFFICERS TAKE
GAMBLERS' BOAT
HANDICAP GOES
TO OUR BESSIE
OAKLAND PULLS
OFF BIG RALLY
WALSH PILOTS
ORLINE HOME
TRADITION HAS
ALL THE SPEED
BLACK BOXER IS FAVORITE
OVER THE LOWELL BOY.
Early Knockout Punch is Looked For
SPORTS
SPORTS
TURNER AND GARDNER CLASH TO-NIGHT
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/•\u25a0'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ FRIDAY,, AUGUST 4, 1905.
TACOMA, Aug./ 3.— San : Franclsw
aeain : outplayed ; the champions I to-day.
10
HUNTING
Is one of the most enjoy-
able sports known to
mankind, and Marquettc
Whiskey adds joy to the
chase and health and
comfort when the day's
work is done.
Take it to the woods
with you.
Grommes & Ullrich .
Distiller*
Chicago, in.
SAtf FRANCISCO BRANCH
8 Bcale Street \u25a0 * -.
Mar<QiietteWeather Report.
Movements of Strainers.
. . (120 th Meridian—Pacific Tim?.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 3—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 80-02 Xew York 80-60
Chlcapo 7S-te'Philadelphia 82-6' i
Cincinnati 82-is6;pittsburß: 7«-G4
Honolulu. H. T».84-74|St. Louis 86-70
Jacksonville 80-7-t,Washington .....80-64
Xew Orleans .S.S-7S 1
SA X FRA NCISCO 62-56
THE COAST RECORD.
*\u25a0 • a k o i t
3\u25a0 ?5 P.| *£ i
§ IB 33 *£ X I
6TATION3. 2 ?e 5= -o 5^ -
'\u25a0 = g : ; ?
Baker 2f>.S2" 88 60 XW Cloudy M)
Car&on 29.82 82 54 SW Clear .<;O
Eur£ka 30.12 04 54 W Clear .00
Fresno 20. JM 84 68 NW Clear .00
8. E. Farallon.^J.lO tiC 65 W Clear .(V)
Flagstaff 2O.Sti 80 40 SW Clear Mt
Independence .2i).fc'2 SS "i> SB Clear .00
Los Angelas..UTi.OS 78 6ft SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpale.ae.oy 53 46 W Pt.Cldy .00
North Head..3O.fV> 60 56 S Cloudy .01
Phoenix 20.72 104 7S NW Clear .00
Point Reyes. .30.06 61 52 -W Clear .0.1
Pocatello 25».54 SS 64 S Cloudy .08
Portland So.oo 72 55 NE Cloudy .00
Rsd Bluff 20.84 64 53 8 Cltar .0t)
Ror-eburg; .. .14
Sacramento 1.50.0Q 74 64 S Cl»ar .00
Salt Like 29.82 f>2 62 SE CJear T.
San Franeisco.3o.l2 62 ."« W Clear T.
S. L Obispo. .30.0 P. «S M W Clear .00
San Diego 29.16 fii« 62 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.02 70 56 S Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 29.78 90 70 W Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 30.02 60 54 S Cloudy .02
1 Wmnemucca .2!>.Pl> Sl'S1' 62 W Clenr T.
Yuma 20.76 IP2 76 SW Clear .00
:WBATHER o CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
33 <*"V FORECAST. /
Cloudy .-weather-prevails over . Oregon and
Wachinston and faJr weather over the remain
ing portion of 'he. Pacific Slope. Light show
ers fell, along th» California coast, in
Idaho' and Wf stern Montana."' Thunderstorms
arp reported from Boise and Kallßpel.
The pressure has risen rapidly along the Pa
cific Qoaet and fallen over the plateau region, j
The te:nr*"rature has fallen 'over Washington.
Origan, Idaho and the Interior of Northern
California.
Forecast madp at Pan .Francisco for thirty
hours, endinit mldnisht, August 4:
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Friday;
fresh west wine's.
. Los Angles and vicinity—Fair Friday; light
weet winds.
Sacramento Valley—Fair Friday: light north
winds.
Pan .Toaquin Valley—Fair Friday; light north
wind".
Coast—Ffllr Friday; fresh west winds.
Nevada—Fair Friday.
G. H. WILLSON.
• Local Forecaster. Temporarily in Charge.
I
Fruit nni! Wheat Bulletin.
For the 24 hours ending 5 p. m.. 12<ith me
ridian time. San Francisco, Aug. 3.
— Z ;-. 31 ~n 5 <
• ? «- 2. To -2 c
fall a s o \u25a0 «= S
STATIONS. ,|||| g 5? 52 r
c c . a . • . ;
.32 : , : : \
Clov*rdalo' SO 50 .00 Clear
Colusa 70 55 .00 Clear
Eureka -. .64 54 .00 Clear W 6
Fresno SI 5S .00 Clenr NW 12
Han?ord 03 53 .00 Clear .... ..
Hollister 75 45 .00 Pt Cldy W
Independence .. ,S8 70 .00- Clfar SE 10
King City SI 4<5 .00 Clear N Lt
Livermore .-73 55 .00 Clear
Los Angeles ..73 60 .00 Cl?ar SW 8
Merced CO 46 .00 Clear .... ..
Napa 74 56 .00 Clear SW
Newcastle 80 57 .00 Clear S
Newman "0 65 .00 Clear .... ..
Palermo 05 B7 .00 Clear ...*. ..
PortervM* ..... 8«-56 .CO Clear W
Rod Bluff 84. 58 .00 Clear S 6
Riverside 80 60 .00 CTear
Sacramento 71.54. .00 Clear S 16
San Diego ..... e8 C 2 .CO Clear NW 10
San Francisco . C 2 58 .00 Clear W lfl
San Luis Obitpo 68 54 .00 Clear W 14
Santa Maria ... 71 56 .00 Clear W
Santa Rcra 73 50 .00 Clear
Stockton SO CO .00 Clyr
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa —Beans and corn in good condition.
Too early to mf.ko estimate.
Napa—Prunen lipen'.ng. Yield below aver
age; size-; lor.cc. -
Livermore —Grapes will not be ripe here for
five or six wceV.n. .
Newcastle—A few j black grapes arriving.
RlvcTFide-^-Walriut' cro:> in this section will
be the ht«v!e?t in ycera.
Stocktcn—Late varieties of frees and clings
are belntr received at local cannery.
King City —Farmers storing grain. '
Cloveidalc —Tomato crop about average
Hanford—Grapes . ripening fast: prunes
nearly rips. \u0084.,.=,.
,GEO. H. WILLSON,'
Asst. Section Director.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — The legislative com
mittee appointed to .Investigate, the; Insurance
componles has not yet selected counsel to con
duct Its Investigations. ,
CUSTOMS I'ROMOTIONS.— John R. Hamil
ton, enKlncer at the Appraiser's building, . has
been promotsd to be chief engineer at the new
postofn-.c-luiiMlng with his ?1?CO per annum
rialarj' increased to: sl«iit>. William B. Kaplan
has betn \u25a0 appointed . ele\-ator conductor in the
Appraiser's building i'vlge John 1 Bsllls, promot-*
eil. ..lihn Cook -has been appointed fireman in
thsAppraisei-'s building 'vice :J. - C. Pohley I
aromoted. '^:; \u25a0 \u25a0 '.- '\u25a0 : " \u25a0 .'
Executive Council of United Order ' of
Forester* at Atlantic City Ap
• lirove»: Settlement Plan.
ATLANTIC CITY, 'N.J.. Aug.' 3._ The
executive council of the United Order of
Forester** at-t»-nieoting of the «unimiu«e
to-day^ indorsed itho plan : for the pur
chase of big tracts of land in Northwest
Canada .-for settlement .by;. members- of
the order. ;
Time Bnll.
Branch Hydrcrraphic Office. U. S N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal
Thursday, August .1, UKIS tZZ7\ '
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bulldinK was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian or at H
p. m. -Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. :n: n charge '
You might aa well put your money In
real c«totc. lt'm (he fiafmt Investment.'
The Sunday CALL'S realty columns
nre profitable readinsr*
WILL PURCHASE LAND
I.V AORTII WEST CANADA
MADDEN ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.
Martin /Winther cf the French Laundry Com
pany. .'!372 Mission, street, has obtained a war
rant f-jr the arrest of Henry Madden for the
misdemeanor embezzlement of $-£». but Wlnther
sa>s- that Ma>lden'g » total peculations amount
to 5254. <Mad Jen Is an cx-pollceman and was
recently arrested for failure to provide for his
children.. ' : ' ' -
-
PANAMA, Aug. 3.— The healthiest spot
between Panama and Colon being Ancon,
the Isthmian Commission has decided to
construct the administration buildings
and the residences of the Governor and
the employes there. A 700-foot zone
around Ancon will be cleared of all brush
and. mosquito-breeding places, and the
non-immune residents of the projected
American- town should be safe from yel
low fever It has been decided practical
ly to suspend engineering operations at
Culebra temporarily and to employ the
laborers now \u25a0 engaged there .in building
the new quarters and carrying on the
sanitary* measures. Word has been, re
ceived from Washington that the pro
posals for furnishing a - certain amount of
contract labor from the different nation
alities will be held, up until proper sani
tation has been carried out" in: Panama.
United States Coast and Geoietle Survey —
Time and Height of Hl*h and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Franc. sco
. Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
• NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front fMlsnicn-strPct wharf) about 2"»
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
• FRIDAY, AUGUST 4.
I Sun risee \ 5.J5
'Sun bets 7 ;ic
I Mo ''" s*»B \u0084... 9:38 p. m.
(S? iTimel jTtme! Timei iTimej
£ Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
cIH TVj li. \V| |H Wl |L WJ
4 ! l:OBj 5.3! 7:.':2{ 0.21 2:25! 5.3 S:01| l.n
& 12:04 4.3 X: 10 0.P 1 :{:os| 5.4 0:07 1.7 !
j 6 ; <:12! 4.8 9:10- 1.4| 8:50 5.4 10:06 1.4 '<
I 7 5:.%k: 4.0:11:051 2.::! .1:23 5.6 .:........ i
. 8 ! 5:55: 4.o|ll:aV 2.3 i s::<s! 5.01. ....'....
jL W| |H Wl \U wj IH W
',H ?'\u25a0£'] °-«i 7:27| '4.0 12:10 2.6 0:30 5.7
',? I'Sl J' 2 I 8:41 41 l:U \ -M 7=30 5.S
\u25a011 2:31|— 0.1| 9:42| 4.4 2:18* 2.0| 8:2.3 5.0
i \u2666i. J;O7 '^~ In the abov e exposition of the tides 3
1 l^^ ear V mornln f U^es are given in the left j
I hand column and the successive tides of the
1 aay in tne order or occurrence as to time; the
\u25a0 fourth time column plve* the last tide of. the
' H^f* pl * n th t re * re but three tWrs. as
I hT.V ? °? curs - The heights given are in
Z£ i £,£\u25a0 th « « oundi nß« of the United States
Coaet Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given i« subtracted from the depth Klvcn by
the charts. The plane of reference U the mean
of the lower low waters.
HOTEL GUESTS nOBBED.— A sneak thief
with a skeleton key visited the Grand Hotel
oarly yesterday morning and entered , threp
rooms on the sams ficcr while the occupants
were asleep. He contented himself with tak
ing the coin from the trousers pocketa of the
sleepers. M. L. Mary lost ?:?:!. Mr. Todd
540 and Mr. Crown--$3. Todd's trousers had
been tak«n from under his pillow. The police
were notified and Detective Whitaker was de
tailed on the case,' but so far he has no clew
as to the thief. •
Canal Commission Decides to
Build Quarters for Em
ployes at Ancon. ;
Whilp.tht concessions granted by the
Southern Pacific Company'are not what
the Salt Lake people hoped for, it is
generally, understood - that they feel"
that they accomplished something and
will later ask for more, when they have
placed their road on a better footing
in Southern California. \u0084
The traffic representatives of. the
Southern Pacific and of the San Pedro,
la)s Angreles and Salt Lake roads, who
have been in conference in San Fran
cisco for several days In regard to an
interchange of traffic between the two
lines In Southern California, completed
their la"bors yesterday and the majority
of them departed for their homes last
evening. "Under the agreement- arrived
at the Clark lino is to enjoy the priv
ilege of the Southern Pacific tracks at
all industrial poin|s south of Santa
Barbara and Mojave and west of Ban
ning after to-day:
Clark Ilond Will Use Southern Pacific
Track* South of Snnta Barbara
and Mojnve. . '
FKVEir PROOF TOWN
WILL BE ESTABLISHED
traffic mba arrive at ax
agkuisml:nt and adjourx
During the" last fiscal: year there were
796 applicants examined for various po
sitions, of .which 356 were duly reg
istered. There were eleven examina
tions held and there were 095 appoint
ments made during the year from civil
service eligible lists, of which the ma
jority were temporary.
The annual report of the Civil Service
Commissioners filed yesterday with
Mayor Schrnitz shows that there are
now 20711 civil service employes in the
employ of the city, government. There
are 350 positions yet to be filled, for
which examinations are to be held in
the near future.
Annual Heport of_ Corainlaslon Shows
There Are 2072 "0n the municipal
•I»uj- ..R011.:
CITY GOVER.Y.V.ENT HAS MAjYY
CIVIL SERVICE [EMPLOYES
TREXTOX. N. J.. Aug. a.— The National
Lead Company died a certificate In the offt •
of the Secretary ot State to-day increasing Us
capital stock from $'jy,Cof>.C«O to $130.0e0.C(U.
CobtNf* Steel Company ot Troy, >. V.,
May Start Invasion of East
ern .Mill*.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 3— Th« Cohees*
Steel Company of Troy, X. V., has con
sented to operate a union plant tf *n
agreement can Le reached on a w.iir.j
scale. The jm-sent move, is the first
effort on thf> Dart ot the amalgramated'
association to invade \the Eastern mills.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
WILL OPERATE U.MO.Y PI..VVT
I..MJKK CERTAIN CO> r IlIT!O> S
KOBK, Aug 'I— Ship A G Ropes, from Hong
kong- for Baltimore, previously repotted was
tewed into Kobe, totally dismasted and hull
badly damaged; later was condemned.
LONDON. Aue a— Batavla telegraphs Br
bark Dundee, from Bremen *fbr Puget Sound,
crew refused to proceed; will sail for Singa
pore to prosecute.
JIEJiORAXDA.
When the trial of Bert Campbell, one
of the defendants charged with grand
larceny In connection with the alleged
footrace swindle in Golden Gate Park
on June 13, 1903, when Herman Grun
naeur lost $2500, was resumed in Judge
Cook's court yesterday Attorney Frank
J. \u25a0'Murphy, one of defendant's counsel,
referred to the article in The Call as
to the transcripts of the testimony
taken at the preliminary examination
in the Police Court having been stolen
from the District Attorney's office and
the branch, office of the County Clerk.
Murphy denied that he or any one else
interested in the defens^ had anything
to do .with the disappearance of the
transcripts.
The case was closed yesterday after
noon and the Judge will deliver his
charge to the jury this morning. . The
witnesses for the prosecution were hazy
in their recollection of what, had trans
pired and in more than one instance
contradicted themselves when cross
examined by .Attorney Murphy, who had
a transcript of the testimony in the
Police Court j which he obtained from
Judge Coiilan's stenographer after the
defendants had been held to answer in
Counael for Bert Campbell Denies
Kuuniac Anything; About the
3llasiu£- TranMcripts.
Thursday. August. 3.
etmr Navarre, Jacobs, zis hour? from Eureka.
ftmr Gualala. Kainin. M hours trom Eureka.
Stmr Porno. KeTnertson, 12 hcrura from Al
bion, via Point Arena lv hours.
.£tmr Rival,, iiucbaid, 10 hours from Kish
m&rs Bay.
£tmr I'hoenlx. Odland, 3D hours from Cres
cent City. '
. Btmr San Juan, Urrjy 15 days and 15 hours
from Ancon ana way ports, via Acajutla. 11
day* and 1- hour*.
: : fitmr M F Plant, .Nelson. 41 hours from
Coos Bay. via Port Orford 32 hours.
- 6tnsr Henta hU>s», Alexander. 41 hours from
£e.o Diego and way ports.
. gtmr Gret-nwood. Walvig. .20 hours from
Bear Harbor.
' Strnr Maggie. Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Buy.
•\u25a0 Bktn Retriever, Sloane, 11 days from Port
liadlock.
bchr Abbie, Laracn, 4 days "'from Shelter
Cove.
Schr Ida A, Camsbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 2 hours from
CLEARED.
Thursday, Augu»t 3.
BUhr <juer.n. Cousins, Victoria, etc; Pacinc
Coatt Stean^hlD Company.
Stmr San Matet, Roes. St Michael via Se
attle; Northern Commercial Company. #.
6AXLSD.
Thursday. August 3.
Stmr Chas Kelson. Christiansen, Seattle.
' Sunr State of California. Thomas, San
Dt*co.
fctmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Tcwiieend.
Hr stmr Wellington, Cutler. Ladysmith.B C.
Srmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoori Bay.
Stmr Alcazar, Winkei. Point Arena.
Simr Santa Our. Alberts, Santa Crus.
Simr Pomona, fc-wanson. Eureka.
Stmr Argo. Crim. Eel River.
.-'troT-Ssji Mateo, Roes, St Michael via Se
sitl«. \u25a0 •:.
Besiie K. etark, San Vicente.
Sohr Santiago, Larson. Monterey, in tow of
' tixt: Relief.
Scbr Oakland. Johannspn. Tlllamook.
Schr Mary E Foster, Johnson, Port Town- i
. flrTid..~' - ,
Schr Facramento, Larsen, SlufUw River.
Tug Roli'f. Marshall, Monterey. ']
Tzg Sea Rover, Thompson, Fort Bragg, with 1
t>arge Tidal \Vav»» in tow.
I^ree TK32J Wave, Johnscn, Fort Bragg, In !
tow of tug Sea Rover.
SPOKEN.
July 10— -On the equator, long 31 W. Fr bark
Amlral Courbet, from Barry for Ean Francisco j
July 17— Lat 13 X, long 26 W. Fr bark
Mlc-belet, frcm Glasgow for Portland, Ore
Per.M.rrr San Juan. Aug 1, 1:30 p m — Off
Zebra Island. Grr btmr Ammon, from Ham
burg for San Francisco.
Aug 1. C:i> r> m- Paased Btmr Acapulro,
'hence July 29 for Arcon anrt way ports: Ger
'ctmr Theben, hence July 31 for Hamburg. '
DIKD AT E=EA. :.< :
On linarJ stmr tien Juan— July 26. Anna
• retru^hJcls. steerage jwpf-nger. \u25a0 aged 2 years;
Aug 1, Willis A. Crandall. cabin passenger.
ARHIVED.
TRIAL OF ALLEGED FOOT
RACE S'.VI.VDLER CLOSED
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— William J. Bryan
Jr. Is lying at the Presbyterian Hospital,
where he underwent- a surgical operation
yesterday for the removal of an abscess
on his right knee brought about by in
flammation that began with a corn on his
foot. Young Bryan was brought to the
hospital yesterday from Win6na Lake.
Ind., on a fast train. He is a student at
a military academy.
The hospital physicians announced that
his condition was not dangerous, but that
the prompt action in bringing him to
Chicago for treatment' prevented a se
rious turn. The inflammation that result
ed in the forming of the abscess was first
noticeable two* weeks ago. A corn on his
rfght foot first became inflamed after it
had been accidentally cut. The* cut be
came infected, and It was for this reason
that blood poisoning was feared. ;
The young man, who is IS years old,
kept the facts of his condition from his
parents and other relatives. Bryan is
now touring in Ohio. After the reassur
ing report by the hospital physicians,
who say that the boy will be able to re
turn to his studies in a few days, word
was sent last night to his father and his
uncle. Charles W. Bryan, at Lincoln.
Neb. »
WASHINGTON, Au?. 3. — Major James
Williams, special European agent of
the Treasury l-epartrrerst, located at
Purls, has be<?n retailed to the United
States, but it Is not expected he will
return to thi? country before fill. Ma
jor Williams has been ip his present
position about twelve years, and It ii
understood ionc of his recent work has
been unsatisfactory to the pottery In
terests of this country. Major Wil
liams. It is stated, will b# given a rt
sporsible rositlor: ir the United States.
.Major inwn William*, Sprclnl Trras
urj Department Agent In Europr,
DHpleu^r* I'otterj Interest*.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TtM British steamer Stanley Dollar is char
tered for grain from this port to Yokohama, or
Kobe.
Chartered for Grain.
William J. Junior Is in Chi
cago Hospital Eeeover
inir From Operation.*
IS ORUEKEI) HOME AFTEIi
TWELVE YEAIIS* SERVICE
The Ovrrdue 1.1-t.
The vesseis on the overdue lift are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Lafayette, 75 per
cent; Red Rock. 15 per cent, and Port Stan
ley. 8 Per ceat.
BE VAN'S SOX UNJ)EE
THE -SURGEON'S KNIFE
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— A1l records for
marksmanship in America were broken
at Fort Sheridan to-day by Corporal Josie
Smith, colored. Company G. Twenty-nfth
Infantry, from Fort Reno. Oklahoma. He
made 1 score of ISI out of a possible W0
in slow-fire shooting. In rapid-ftre shoot
ing he made a score of 97 out of a possi
ble 100.
One oi the Italian ftFhermen who rendezvous
at Mei££E wharf yesterday captured a man
tating shark off the Cliff House. The f^h is
c:ne feet lone, and is well provided with lor
tsld&ble t'.i'....
Pisberniait Capturea shark.
Infantry- Soldier at Fort
Sheridan Breaks All
American Eecords.
The echooner G. W. Watson, which has ar
rived at the Columbia River from San Pedro,
was -thirty days making the run. 1 his ie one
of the longest trips on m^ord between these
ports.
Make* a Liong; Pa»ftage.
COLOEED COEPOEAL
GEEAT MAEKSMAN
John McD^miott, who lives at 220 Filbert
etrc«t. Eot tangled up yesterday with a rower
belt in the premises occupied by the Great
American Tea Company. At the Harbor Ho»
rltal it wag found that in addition to a shak
ing up. McDermott had puetained a fractured
collarbone, lacerated scalp, abrasions of the
Xieck, back and body and two punctured
wounds in each arm.
Get* T.intl<-cl With Power Kelt. '
Th<? British bark- Ixjndee ha* i>ut into Bata
via on account ot the crew refusing duty.
£he wat bound from Eremon for Puget Sound.
A r.fw crew was \u25a0eCUfeo and the Dundee will
go to Singapore, where ihe mutineers will 1*
turned over to the British authorities fcr vnjs
ccuiion.
Brttfiili *al!or» Mutiny.
A few days ago L. H. Taylor, who owns
the lands covering the outlet of the
Truckee River, filed suit to restrain Ed
ward Malley frcm cutting the canal, set
ting forth that the canal would take
from the plaintiff the power, to control
the flow of the waters of the lake into
the Truckee and destroy his prysp?ct3 ot
installing an immense power plant. Upon
the filing of the complaint a temporary
restraining order was issued directing
Malley to forthwith suspend work on the
canal.
L»ate yesterda*y afternoon, however,
United States District Attorney Robert T.
Devlin and his assistant. A. P. Black,
appeared before Judge Troutt and a.-rked
that the restraining, order be modified.
Mr. Devlrn stated that the United States
Government was the real defendant and
that' Malley appeared only as agent to
carry out the Government's project. Mr.
Malley took the stand and testified that
he was simply acting on behalf of the
Government and that the position of the
Uniteci States Attorney was correct.
Judge Troutt then modified the re
straining order, permitting the Govern
ment to continue with the work from the
banks of the Truckee up to within - 100
feet of the lake. The court thought it
necessary that the 100-foot embankment
be left, that there would be no danger ot
the waters of the lake breaking through,
until such time as laylor's suit is finally
determined.
It developed yesterday afternoon In
Judge Troutt's department of the Supe
rior Court that the United States Govern
ment is back of the project to dig a
canal from Lake Tahoe to the Truckee
River, cutting off some miles of crooked,
treacherous rivtr bed, that the great irri
gation scheme for the reclamation of the
desert wastes of Nevada may be fur
thered.
NEW. YORK. Aug. 3.— Efforts to recon
struct the Manhattan terminal of the
Brooklyn bridge for the purpose of re
lieving in part the crush which has long
made travel during the rush hours a
menace to life and limb were begun yes
terday. By October It is expected that
the improvements will b» completed and
the congestion in traffic stopped.
Temporary relief only is expected from"
the present reconstruction. Work on a
J5.000.000 terminal recently authorized by
the city authorities will begin next year
and will require a considerable time for
completion. The platforms will be great
ly extended and changes will be made
enabling the Brooklyn elevated trains to
cross the bridge at all times, thus doing
away with -the terriflc scramble to board
bridge trains.
Details of the dissrter to the ship A. G.
Ropes were received yesterday at the Mer
chants' Exchange. She was towed into Kobe
entirely dismasted and with her hull *o badly
<\u25a0.-.:-.--. m- i -that wJten surveyed she was con
demned. Captain Rivers, his wife, and ins
chip's crew wore saved.
Captain und Crew $a«e<L
United States District At
torney Secures Modifica
tion of Inj unction.
Work Begun on Plan for Re
lieving Congestion on
• . Brooklyn Bridge.
TAHpE CANAL IS A
GO\ : ERNMEXT PKOJECT
\u25a0\u25a0 -
Ru*sinn Jew* Trust in Thin Country*
influence to JJetter Their Condition.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.-Dr. Adolphe
Danzig*. r, formerly United States Consul
at Madrid, has arrived here to lay before
the Department of Commerce and LaCor
memoranda concerning the conditions of
the Jew's abroad, the information being
gathered at the request of the depart
ment for the use in the Bureau of Im
migration in dealing with that class of
immigrants.
"In England, Germany and Russia,"
said Dr. Danziger. in reviewing: his ob
servations, ''what struck me most notable
was the hopeful views the Jtws take of
America.
"The people, I met. were hoping that
the President would take the opportun
ity that presented itself to Induce the
Russian Government to grant them free
dom or at least to give them equal rights
in Russia. Many of the Russian Jews
do not want to leave that country. They
iove their country , in spite of the ter
rible oppression that has been brought
I upon them by the Russian Government.
j "I found .a terrible condition among the
I Russian Jews who i.aye gone to England
jto come to this country. The steamship
! companies are afraid to bring them here
for fear they will be declared paupers,
with the result that the steamship com
panies would have to take them back
to Ensiand. In order to refuse them
passage when they have the money to
pay their way the companies invent ex
cuses. They declare that they are suf
fering from some kind of disease. The
fact is, the Jews th*re are powerful fel
lows, who have had their muscles trained
on farms in Russia. They are not only
farmers but mechanics 01 ail kinds."
Dr. Danslger expressed the opinion that
the South offered an opening for the Jews
if the interests there were anxious to ob
tain white labor for farm work.
3IANHATTAX TEBMINAL
TO BE RECOXSTEUCTED
AMERICA THEIR HOPE.
Dan O'Callaghan. formerly and for many
jears intimately associated with the shipping
aitairs of this port, was along the water front
yesterday with one oi the emiles he used to
v.ear in the days before he settled down to
the 'solemn task of making a fortune In the
leal estate bufineas. The reason was at home
where Mrs. O'Caliaghan la administering to the
wants of ten pounds of bey lKt by the stork
t.i the O'Calla^han residence. Baby and
mcther are g-ettmg along famously.
Dan nTullnshan Junior.
j TO ARRIVE.
| Steamer. | . From. I Due.
: Arnmon ! Hamburg & Way Port6jAug. 4
Phoenix (Crescent City jAug. 4
\u25a0 Corona i Humbaldt |Aug. 4
Eureka | Humboldt \A\ig. 4
' City Puebla.,.l Pugei bound Pens iAug. 4
J. H.gfcins l'urt Los Angeles i-vug. 4
Norwood I San Pedro |Aug. 4
Cascade , Portland & Astoiia |Aug. 5
South Ba> ; Portland & Astoria (Aug. 5
Saii l\dio. . / , Grays Harbor JAug. 5
Baroda : I<juiijue .• l-iuu. 5
Jetnie j txauie & Tacoma |Aufc. (J
G. L>i;dau<r.. i Grays Harbor ; Aug. 6
. Xorth Fork.. . i Humboldt |Aug. 8
> Arctic j Humboldt • lAug. 6
Sea Foam -Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Aug. 6
i Breakwater... Coos Bay Aug. 6
I Aberdeen Gray's Harbor Aug. ti
j Columbia Portland & Astoria ,'Aug. 7
' F. Kilhurn Portland &. Way PortsJAug. 7
i P0m0na. ...... ; Humuoidt . '. 'Aug. 7
Cocs Bay j San Pedro & Way Pts.|Aug. 7
State of Ca1... ; Ean Ditgo & Way Pts.lAug. 7
Koarioke i Los Anfceles Porta. /. . .lAug. ' 7
! Del None ! Crescent City .|A«g. 7
} Argo 1 Eel River Ports |Aug. 1
Rainier..... ..', Seattle & Belllngham. .iAug. 8
Coronado Grays Harbor ' Aug. 8
C.ntralla ..... J Grays .Harbor Aug. S
Redondo {Portland & Astoria Aug. S'
I Hcmer (Grays Harbor Aug. 9
; Umatllla ! Puget Sound Ports Aug. 9
I Nevadan : Honolulu At Kahului... Aug. 9
j M. F. Plant...! Coos Bay & Pt Orford. Aug. 10
! Pt. Arena 'Mendocino & Pt. ArenaJAug. 10
i Porno ;Point Arena & Albion. i Aug. 10
j Santa Rosa. . . J San Diego & Way Ports Aug. 10
i Peru ;Xew York via Ancon..;Aug. 10
, Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Aug 11
Newburg Grays Harbor | \ug 11
i St. Paul Portland & Astoria... j Aug! 12
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Taeoma \ug 14
"Jueen Puget Sound Ports Aug. 14
Mongolia China <& Japan ..Aug 15
Alam»da .. Honolulu Aug. 15
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails.] Pier.
August 4. |
\u25a0 San Mateo.. Nome & St.Michael (Pier 19
| Norwood...: ' Grays Harbor .... 3 pm'pier 2
Uioikiyn. .. jLos Angeles Portsjlo um|Pur 2
i August 5. I |
San Pedro. ..'Los Angeles Ports. ,lo am Pier 2
South Lay.. Los Angelrs Ports.l S am' Pier 27
Arizonan Honolulu & Kahului| 3 pmiPier 20
m 01^;';;' £J Al ii la & -AlWon| 6 pmjPler 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay ; 4 nmlPitr 11
City Panama N. Y. via Ancon. .]l2 m.Pler 40
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
I St. Paul Astoria & Portland.ill amiPler 24
Northland.. Astoria & Portland! 3 pin|Pier Zl
j I August 'I. I
(Eureka iHumboldt 9 am Pier 5
j S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11.
• Corjna Humboldt l:3op!Pier 9
i BotiHa 1 Newport & Way... l y aruiPier 11
Maripoaa... Tahiti |n ami Pier 7
I Aug«« 7. I
Roanoke.... (Portland & Way. .| 2 pm|Pier 6
1 August 8. I
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
Cascade Gray's Harbor Pier •'
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am' Pier 9
Centralia... Lee Angeles Ports. 10 am|Pler ID
Aiijfiisi 9.
Pomona Humboldt l:3op'pier a
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ... ..10 am; Pier 11
Is. Fork Humboldt 9 am : Pier 20
P. Kilburn.., Portland & Way.. 2 pm|p " 2"
Sea Foam...; Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt » am ' Per 2
h. Monica... Gray's Harbor 4 pmjPier •>
' -VuKUNt 10. I
State of Cal.| San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 1>
Sonoma I Sydney & Way Pts 2 poilPler 7
Jeanie...... I Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pnrPier 2U
Columbia... (Astoria ai Portland. 11 am Pier '»!
G. Lindauer.; Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier ~2
Coos I.ay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara.. Seattle direct 4 pm Pier 2
AiiKUMt 11. I
Rainier Seattle & Bel'gh'm 4 pmiPier 10
Coronado Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
August 12.
San Juan... N. V., via Anconjl2 mjPier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor ( 2 pmiPier 10
1 Redondo Astoria & Portlandi 7 pmiPier 2
A HKMM 13. I I -•"
Umatllla Pa get Sound Ports|ll amJFier 9
r FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. I
Dolphin -Skagway & way Ports.jAug. 4
City Seattle. ..jSkegway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
Humboldt i Skagway & Way Ports. Aug 9
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug 10
Senator. Nome & St. Michael. . Aug. 10
Jefftreon Skagway & Way Ports. Aug 10
San Mateo St. Michael & Falrbks Aug! 12
d-tt&tic- City; fckagway & Way Ports. Aug. 12 I
0reg0n....... Nome-A St. Michael. . Aug. 13 I
Santa Ana Peward & Way Ports.. Aue 16 I
Olympin Nome & St. Michael... Aug ltt
Victoria Nome & St. Mlrfiael... Aug 17
SCHOONER G. W. WATSON, WHICH
MADE A LONG VOYAGE FROM
SAN PEDRO TO THE COLUMBIA.
Karbor Commission Meets.
\u25a0 The Harbor Commissioners held a brief ees
•ion yesterday, at which the accumulated rou
tine business was disposed of. The board or
dered the raiment of $4541 52 to Healy. Tib
t:tts & Co., $250 for repairs to Vallejo-strect
wharf and the balance lor material ar.d new
work cor.c. James Agler. in a communication
(Lsked the board to lay a tiiixd rail on track
i of the belt railroad in order that the
carrou- gauge can reacii the California and
Jscrchwestern freight derot.
Permits to sell perishable produce on State
property were granted to the following firms:
Giovasnmi & Son. 127 Washlnetcn street-
H. N. Tilcea & Co., 211 Sacramento street- A
Karfiinl & Co.. 324 Davis street; Wood Cartes
4c Co.. 2i2 Clay street; Howard & McDonald.
£07 Washington ttreet; L. Scatena & Co, 104
\u25a0Washington street; L«rcari. Pera & Co.. 415
Davis street, and Macpherson & Hourihan, 215
Vashirujton street.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aue 2— Br Btmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver. June 21 — Br
thin . Deccan. for Royal Roads.
ANCON — Arrived July 23 — Stmr City of Pe
king, hence July rt.
COLOMBO — Arrived July 19 — Br stmr Ma
chaon, from Glascow for Vancouver.
COLON — Arrived Aug I—Stmr1 — Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Aug I— Stmr AHianca, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Passed July 10 — Br, stmr
Auchencrag. from Suez for .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July 21— Br ship Gl»n
aJven. for Royal Roads.
ENSENADA— SaiIed Augr 2. 2 p m— Ger
stmr Arrrron. for San Francisco. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Seguran
ca, for Colon.
Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Advance, from Colon.
MANlLA— Arrived July 2*s— Ptmr Logan,
hence June 30.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Aug 2— Pr stmr Kirk
hill, for Newcastle, Aus; bark Mary L dish
ing, for Eleele.
HILO — Sailed Aug 2 — Stmr Texan, for Dela
ware Breakwater.
ISLAND PORTS.
MONTEREY— Arrired Aug 3— Schr Santi
ago, hence- Aug 3. in tow of tug Relief, and
failed for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr
Bee. for San Francisco.
VMPQUA— Arrived Aug I— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 3— Schr Oka
nogs rj. for; San Pedro.
EVERETT- Sailed Aug 3— Schr Admiral,
for San r>iego.
VENTURA— SaiIed Au? 3— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Franciscoo.
HARDY CREEK-Sailed Aug 3— Stmr
Marshfifld, fer San Diego.
ABERDEEN— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr G C
Lindauer, for San Franc!»co; stmr .Centralia.
frr San Francisco; Btmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Chehalls, hence
July 31.
Saile-i Aue 3— Stmr Spokane, for Sltka.
Arrived Auc 2— Stmr Dclnhin. from .Skag
way; stmr Nebraskan, hence July 30. Aug
30 — Stmr Meteor, hence July 30.
Sailed Aug 3. 1:M p in— Ship Occidental,
for Nome.
Arrived Aujr 3. 4:10 i> m— Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skagway.
BANDON— Arrived Aug; 2— Stmr Newport,
from Coos Bay.
COOS BAY— Arrived Auk 3— Stmr Break
water, hence Aug 1.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr
Chf-halif, hence July 31.
POINT LctßOS— i'ass-eil Aug 3, 7 a m— Stmr
Helen P Drew, trom Greenwood for San Pcuro.
PORT HARFOKD— Arrived Aue 2, 7 p m—
Stmr Bcnlta, Irom San Pediv.
Sail»d Aue 3, 12:15 a m— Stmr Bonita, for
Sar. Francieco.
Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Asuncion, from Ven
tura.
TATOOSH— Passed out Auk 3— Schr Meteor,
from I'ort Had'.ock for San Pedro.
Passed in Aus 3— Strnr . Ohio, from Nome
for Seattle; schr Lottie B^nnttt, from Iquique.
- FOHT BHAGG— Arrived July 3— Stmr
Brunswick, henoe July 2.
EriiEKA— Arrived Auk 3— Stmr Arctic,
hence Aug 2.»
Arrived Aue 3— Stmr Alliance, from Cooi
Bay: strr.r Vanguard, henoe. Aug 2.
Sailed Aug 3 — Strnr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco. \u25a0 .* .
SOI.'TH BEND— Arrived Aug 3 — L* S etmr
Manzanita, from Puget Sound; schr Robert P.
Hind, from £an. Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 3— Schr Ivy, hence
Ju!v 1«.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Aug 3— Stmr Santa Clara,
for Valdez. Augr 2 — Stmr larallcn, for Skag
way.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug r— stmr Muckinaw',
hence July '2j; Ur tttur ConJvi, hence jui> i^l
via Xojo.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Aug 2— Stmr Cascade, for
San Friuc.«co. Auk 3— Sunr South Bay, Icr
San Jr»fc<lru; stmr Wnittitr, lor s>an Francisco.
Arrived Au; 3— Stmr Telegrarh, from Se
attle; strar Homer, hence July 31; Btmr Whit
tier, Irom I'ort Harfoid; baigo Santa Paula,
from Pert Harfcrd. in tow «: strar Whittier.
Sailed Aus: 3 — Stmr Homer, for Grays
Harbor; schr Alvena, for Kedondo.
Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Czarina, lience July 31;
gtmr City of Topika, frcm Seattle.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Auk J— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Kureka.
Sailed Aug Schr Ainerk-ana. for Everett.
Arrived Aug 3-^Schr Salem, from Ballard.
Sailed Aug 3 — UkUi louiaiid. lor »-oiUu.ud;
schr Ludlow, for Port Tuwnsead.
POINT LOBOS, August 3, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west; velocity 0 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
The Board of Education received noti
fication yesterday from James McSheehy,
who was detailed to supervise operations
on the building of additions to the Crock
er Grammar School building on Page
street, near Baker, that the contractor
in raising the building had failed to put
I proper underpinning beneath the struc
ture and there was danger of anou.er col
lapse such as the one which recently oc
curred on Ninth street.
McSheehy immediately not.fied the con
tractor, Frederick G. JoneS, to strengthen
the frail supports. This was done.
School Director Boyle, who investigated
the matter, said the supports could have
been easily dislodged and the timely dis
covery prevented a serious accident.
The fact that Jones will not complete
the additions to the building In time for
the opening *of the school term, on Au
gust 14 caused the Board of Education
to instruct McSheehy to make immediate
arrangements to hire quarters in the
neighborhood for the accommodation of
531 pupils who are enrolled in the school.
McSheehy will ascertain if a large market
on Oak street, near Devisadero. can be
secured for the purpose, and will figure
the cost of installing class rooms therein.
Then he will arrange for the renting of
Phelps Hall on Devisadero street, near
Oak, where several more class rooms
can be fitted up. A room formerly occu
pied by the school at Oak and Broderick !
streets will also be pressed # into service.
The Crocker Grammar School has
twelve class rocms and that number will
have to be provided in the course of the
next ten days. The board is wroth over
the delay in the reconstruction' of the
building and will not consent to an ex
tension of a single day to Jones, who has
until September 21 to do the work. His
bondsmen will be held responsible should
he fail to build the additional six rooms
by that time.
President Roncovierl returned from his
Eastern trip primed with new ideas for
school administration and school con
struction which he will utilize in the many
new buildings to be constructed under the
bond Issue. •
Attorney Jassinowsky of Warsaw,
leader of the seceding Zionists, declares
that the majority of the original con
gress did not represent the interes-.s
of the Jewish nation, and adds:
"A great mistake was made in re
fusing the land offered by the English
Government as a site for a colony. It
would have been the beginning of a
movement that would have had world
wide significance and would have made
a haven where persecuted JeVs would
.have taken refuge."
Dr. Cyrkin, a radical, said: "We "in
tend to conduct the new Zionist party
on democratic principles and the new
organization will be completed along
the lines originally planned for the
old Zionist party. We will establish a
central committee . in Paris with
branches throughout the whole world."
Israel Zangwill, the author, said:
•The rejecting of the English offer, if
it had been agreed to by the majority
of our people, would have been the
death blow to practical Zionism and
would have reduced the movement to a
chase of phantoms. Zionism will be
rescued by the Territoriahsts, who nave
abandoned the original movement and
have organized a new movement that
is> bound to be crowned with success."
Banker Wolfsom of London declared
that the congress had been absolutely
without fruit and that its session will
greatly retard the growth of the move
ment. "The riotous scenes." he said,
'discredited Zionists in the eyes of the
world and it will be a long uphill task
to recover the lost ground."
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— lnterviews
with leaders in the Zionist movement,
gathered by special correspondents at
tending the Zionist Congress, which
closed yesterday at Basle. Switzerland,
are published to-day by the Jewish
Morning Journal.
• SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich.. Aug. 13.
Commemoration exercises In the Gov
ernment Park here adjoining the ship
canal made up the second day's pro
gramme of the semi-centennial celebra
tion of the opening or the St. Marys
ship canal, which connects Lake Su
perior with the lower lakes. The ex
ercises took the form of a programme
of addresses, the feature of which was
an address by Vice President C. W.
Fairbanks. . \u0084 ;
A concert by the Calumet and Hecla
bands. at S> o'clock opened the exec
cises.
The park was well filled before the
music began and at its conclusion. the
l grounds were crowded with thousands
of people. Archdeacon Lord of Sault
Ste. Marie opened the exercises with,
an invocation and Hon. Charles S. Os
borne of this city followed with an ad
dress, which, in graceful words, he
made the throngs welcome to the city.
Second in importance, perhaps, to the
address of the Vice President was that
made by Hon. Peter White of Mar
quette, president of the commission
which has been in charge of the cele
bration and the most widely known
man in the upper peninsula of Michi
gan. White's topic was "The Develop
ment of the Lake Superior Region."
White is a pioneer in the upper penin
sula, and Is an authority on the history
of that part of the State and its de
velopment from an unexplored wilder
ness to its present importance as a
mining center. White described the de
velopments of the mining industry in
the upper peninsula and the marvelous
growth of the lake marine traffic since
the opening of the first 330-foot lock
here, tifty years ago.
The commemoration exercises were
ao lengthy that they were divided into
a morning and afternoon programme,
the speakers and distinguished guests
beir.g entertained during the interval
at luncheon at Le Sault de Ste. Maria
Club.
.The Pacific Mail Company's coaster
San Ju.n. Captain liny, which arrived
yesttrdsy from I'^na'.na. brought 131
Russian immigrants bound for the Siuv
colony in the southern part of the
State. The San Juan is the favorite
fihip for Russian iinni^rantb, ami -hroe
times has s Qe brought here a deta L !i
njent of the .ong-haired and bewh<«
kered agriculturists. Th« San Juan
on account of tht- Russians, was oruercl
to the Quarantine station, where the
snip, stoerafce passcr.gtrs and their ef
fects will be thoioughiiy tumlsated.
7 fie ship was released late in the after
ru,on.
The San Juan brought only a ifew
cabin r^ssei.gei s. who vera not de
tailed in Quarantine. Through the
courtesy of burgeon Cuminlag. t la
seven cabin j>assei:arers were taken to
the Pa.ific Mail wharf on the
tln« steamer Genera! Sternberg.
The fan Juan brought IOSI tons of
car^o. Among the passengers was
Mrs. F. Pearne. wife of the Pacific Mail
*gent at Patnajna. The cabin pussen-
Cers were:
J. D. Andrews. Marion D. Andrews,
M. English. Mrs. F. Pearn*. F. F.
Beale. Alexander Puatt anl Alfred
Eauerozey.
Board of Education Negoti
ates for Eooins to Accom
modate Pupils at New Term
Zangwill and Others Think
fief nsal of England's Of
fer of Land a Mistake
Peter White of Marquette
Tells of the Development
of Lake Superior Region
Ship A. G. Ropes Reaches
Kobe so Damaged That
She Is Condemned.
MISSED
MANY OTHEE SPEECHES
OPPORTUNITY
Will Join New Slav Colony
in the Southern Part
of State.
MUST ENGAGE QUAETEKS
Timely Discovery of Frail
Supports Under Crocker
Building Avoids Accident
Leading Zionists Declare
% That Gathering Did Not
Represent Jewish Nation
Fairbanks Participates in
Second Day's Celebration
at St. Marys Ship Canal
More Than Hundred of Czars'
Subjects Come Here .
to Settle.
SAY CONGRESS
WAS A FAILURE
VICE PRESIDENT
MAKES ADDRESS
SAVES SCHOOL
FROM COLLAPSE
RUSSIAN IMMIGRANTS ARRIVE ON LINER SAN JUAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST- 4, 1905.
"rational treatment
or
Stomach Diseases
mia*s :
Discard I njxiriovia Dru^s
use
A Harmless Powerful Cennicicje
Endorsed ly Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Free Trial Bottls. 'Sold, by leading
druggists.
NOT GENUINE WITHOUT MT SIGNATURE: : ."
0 — < e_-<--c^ -T-
61 0 PRINCE ST.. WEW YORK.
1r:-:iT« son F*k BooKirr on Rational Twiwn
or Disease. !. \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0 / .... ... . \u25a0 ;.-.-, .. ;, ... : **\u25a0 . \u25a0'\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0• /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1005.
12
FINANCIAL.
WATER front property — 180x700 feet, with
depth of water at pier !lne 12 fe»t at 'ow
tide, and is being deepened; price $55 per ft
Here is a gocd site for a manufacturing
plant* or lumber yard. W. E. EERX.\pjj*
476 Tenth at.. Oakland.
AAA— ' NOTICE. ~ ~~
REALTY SYNDICATE.
Hereafter all unmatureil certificates win b«
cashed upon demand at 512 Call bulUlnj.
CONTINENTAL* Bt'ILDING AND LOAN" C c^l
tlflcates purchased for cash. G. D. SHaD-
BURNE JR.. Call building.
I WANT to interest seme one ln manufactur-
ing a patent article; ready for market;
splendid chance. Box 7750, Call office.
REALTY SYNDICATE certificates bought, spot
cash. JOHN COOP, 17 Fremont st.
REALTY Syndicate Certificates purchased;
top prices. W. L. HARPER. Crocker b'.a?
FLATS TO mT»
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling Is listed t»
our renting department. Combined lists fronx
25 of the largest agencies. Save* a world of
time and trouble.
* Service la absolutely fre«.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANT,
1030 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department Is free to all; w» can
find you a home ln any part of the city:
ask for no payment other than your good
will; we do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use this department freely t
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245-253 O«ary
st. (on the square).
LANGTON 39 and 43 — * rooms and bath, $20.
41 Langton — 5 rms. and bath. $22 50. nr. 7th
and Howard 14 and 16 Landers — Upper and
lower flats, fix to suit tenant. 713 Harrison,
nr. 3d — 4 rms.. $13; ashes and water free.
A DELIGHTFUL corner flat." nearly new, a
rooms, basement, etc.; every room sunny;
rent reasonable; half block from Market at.
3947 17th St.: take Castro or 18th st. car.
BEAUTIFUL new lower and middle flat. 6 rms.
and b. : latest Imp.; large yard: water fre«:
very desirable location; 2443-45 Post; open to-,,
day. Apply Carroll & TUton Co.. 811 Market.
CORNER flat 7 sunny rooms and bath; nearly
new carp«ts; real lace curtains; steel rang»
for sale If desired; unusually convenient: rent
$40; water free. 1503 Steiner. cor. O'Farreil.
8 SUNNY front rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished; new fiat; gas; bath; reasonable. 3&i3
Seventeenth st.
ELEGANT apartments^ — Four rooms and bath,
each; rent $20. Franklin at., bet. Filbert and
Greenwich.
PRESIDIO Heljrhts^ — $25 to $47 50; elegant all
sunny new 5-6-8 rooms and tiled bathroom;
cor. Sacramento and Ist aye.; open I to 4.
TEHAMA. 336 — Nice sunny upper 4-room
flat; bath,
$12— WOOLSEY. 2023. South Berkeley— 3 rooms
and bath; fuel saa, electricity.
FOUR rooms and bath. 221 Laurel aye., be-
tween Turk and Eddy sta., off Van Ness.
SACRAMENTO, 13fc'5 — Three-room flat; gas,
large yard: rent $10.
4 ROOMS, bath, stable, yard; $16. 3543 Twen-
ty-third st. "\u25a0\u25a0••<. -\u25a0•:,-:
NO car fare; 5-6 new sunny mod. rooms; rent
low. Le Roy place, fc'acramento and Jones.
NICE corner flat: 5 rooms and bath. 1002 Ma-
son St.. near Sacramento.
NOE, ICS6 — New flat: modern improvements:
rear 21th and Castro cars; B rooms.
BUSH, 1220A — Flat, 4 rooms, large cellar; jent
?11. Apply 122S Bush St.. basement.
MODERN flats. 1933-19-57 O'Farrell St.: 6 and 7
rooms, bath, basement, yard: rent reasonable..
FLATS FOR SALE — FTRMSHED.
FOUR rooms, complete housekeeping, $50; •
rent $3. Call 9 to 4. at 310"^ Eighth at..
I—rear,1 — rear, upstairs.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage, pl-
anos & Fnrn. Whltenead'a Storage. 1636 Mkt.
Rooming-Honses and Hotel* — Continued
at a cost of $lS00; offered for $1250 to make
QUICK SALE.
r BANKABLE SURPLUS $150 monthly.
MARION O^IFFIN, ")
.i. >", \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 .-'..-\u25a0 970 Market st., » .
—OPPOSITE "THE EMPORIUM."—
__ CLAIRVOYANTS.
— , ~ :
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DELMAR,
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychic Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator .
\u25a0 Of Secret \u25a0 Influence in' America.
Without asking you a single question he
calls you by name, tells your mother's maid-
en name, tells you the name of friends, ene-
mies or rivals, tells you what you came for,
- tells whom arid when you marry; in fact,
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g. :
No matter what your troubles, sickness 01 ;
desire may be. Professor Delmar will help
you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. Full life, $1. No pay in ad-
vance " and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny. Daily from 10 a. m.
.to 5 p. m.; Saturdays to 8 p. m.; Sundays,
1 to 4 p. m. 412 Post st.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
411 A ELLIS ST. NEAR JONES.
ASTRO DEAD TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS $1.
The moment you enter his parlor he will tell
you YOUR FULL NAME. AGE. OCCUPA-
TION. YOUR MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME
AND WHOM AND WHEN YOU WILL MAR-
RY, and what you calied for, without asking a
question; will tell name of your sweetheart or
anything you want to know. He sends you
away wiser and happier than when you called.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed In business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose?
How can -I marry well? . '
How soon can I, marry? v
How can I conquer my rival?
How can I make any one love me?
How can I Ret a letter?
How can I get a good position?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently located ln his own home.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer: can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the past; gives correct forecast of your
future; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gfv«s the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, .$1; hours
10-8 p. m. ; French. German, English spoken.
PRINCESS EUGENIA,
The Veiled Prophetess.
DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
Born with a Double Veil.
Educated ln Occult in Egypt and India.
$5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $1.
Permanently located In her own home.
Private — No sign— Ring bell.
404 EDDY ST. • 404 EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, bto 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm. ;
- reveals hidden secrets, Z love, business, etc. ;
names; L. 50c, G. $1. 533 Golden Gate aye.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fail try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102*4 6th, nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your lif« correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion mar. : 2.'c up. 17 3.< i, next Examiner bid.
WANTED — One thousand persons to eend three
questions and' 25c: will give correct answers.
MRS. LOFLAND. 1434 Webster st., Alameda.
A— DPN'T fail to ccc MRS. DR. GORDON, the
womler of the- age. 1027*4 Market. 2d floor.
LIFE readings this week only, 10c up. MME.
EILERSFICKEN, 536 Turk; hours 10 to 9.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; L. 25c, G 50c;
hours 10 to 10. 1207 Market st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from IPS Sixth at. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed., 219 Eddy st.;
reading?. Hotel Hlggins. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
A — RETURNED. H. Jerome FosselH. scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel Black 560S
MME. MAY. palmist and cardreader. 3832
Eighteenth st., nr. Sanchez; hrs. 1 to 6; 60c.
HYPNOTISM.
DB LAUFF. magnetlst, 709 Bush; hours 1-5;
nervous, mental ills; habits cured; no drugs.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpet* on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company 308 Market
st. : phone Main 152 and Bush 479. ~
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO 9 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
EXCELSIOR, 82 Eighth st— New process;
first-class . work guaranteed. Phone- Mint 252.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 530 G.G.ave. ;phone
-East 1965. Star Ren. Co.. W. Wagner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid, Sc a yard.'KLEIN-
ERT, 1520 Polk st.; phone East 725.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkin: phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mlselon 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 203.
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain House; most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
' blankets. 1324 Fillmore: phone Pine 2622.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 206 Kearny st.. room 307. \u25a0 \u25a0' ;
I DO not cure rupture, but can hold them ln
place. WEDEKIND. 440 Geary st.
\u0084 ^dentists.^ ...."v. ..
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL. COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold,
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3;. bridge work. $3.
1104 Market St., corner Turk. : _. ' -. \
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates, $5, full,' set; .all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, . 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates . are-
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
- from t8 per^set. extracting 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c: crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings,, 75c> silver, 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain: op. Sun. Dr. A.C.Hewitt. "101% Grant ay.
DRESS MAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
VcDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve. class; patterns cut. 1190 Market st.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
.EDUCATIONAL.
AMERICAN School for Opera and Drama —
f Places graduates through the Theatrical Ex-
change in Europe and America; vocal (Italian
method); ' opera, .drama, concert, vaudeville,
sketches, plays, songs. and music written. Tel.
East 4461. ; Mme. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mme. s Tregear, ; bus. manager. 1225 Geary st.
A— THE ) LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law, medical colleges;
refs.y JPres. Jordan or •. any Stanford prof.;
summer session begins June 5. . Phelan bldg.
ALL - who desire I good positions - should attend
this I college; Swe have had . 250 good places
V' - since . March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
- jege. 738 Mission st. \u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0% ' \u25a0
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.: Cal. B. C. stu-
*. dents with us: stenographers trained; posl-
• tions secured: 925 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 933
\u25a0-.Market st.: best:locatlon In city; catalogue.
HEALD'S School of : Mines 'and Engineering. 24
Post st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, . steam
and ! gas engineering.-- Send for, prospectus.
IRVING \u25a0 Institute". School for i Girls, 2126 Cal.
..'St.; fall term begln3 Monday.' "August 1; 1905.
"WESTERN; Bus. -.College, 1281 MarkeV st;
• ; thorough " com.-" course by experts. Catalogue.
EDUCATJO^TAJ ;: --^ntlnned :
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
Established 18(33: largest In the West an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circular.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec.. roin. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. l» M -^* n
der Naillen School. . 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
GIRLS and boys wanted; operatic and dramat-
ic work. li^-'S Geary st.l phone East 44t01.
CORRESP.. eve. school, drawing, strength ma-
terlals,dea.. graphostatlcs. math. 20 Hartfora.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school_ of
dancing; all branches. 1412 Polk at., nr. Cal.
EMPLOYMENT OKF ' ICES^__ - _
GEORGe"m~. sTKAUY&-Successor to G«orge
Aokl. oldest and largest Japanese and Chinese
employment office. 421 Posfst.; phone uuan
ISS; promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post St.; tel. Janrea 501.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable Japanes«
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 4CJ Powell St.; tel. Main 1751.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chineee help. 428 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel: Bush 850.
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. Jam-?s 5251.
AN old estab. (1S50) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S» removed to 513 Pine; tel.Qrant 156.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay st.: Chinese employ-
ment office: best help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY Sc CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
lshed: bouse cleaning. 708 Taylor; Jam»s 7t36
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5153.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN Eastern dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by day; does good work;
references. Phone Black 5684.
COMPETENT woman wants light housework
and plain cooking; $12 month. 17 Tehama
Et. ; city preferred.
STRONG German girl wants day work; laun-
dry or cleaning; can give references. Box
7SU2. Call. ~ > 'i~t
YOUNG lady desires position aa bookkeeper;
references. Box 7943. Call.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced public
school teacher wishes to coach school chil-
dren of any grade for examinations or in
regular school work; nervous, delicate or
backward children a specialty; terms reason-
able. 512 Jones st.; phone East 3995.
A YOUNG Norwegian»woman wants a situa-
tion where she can learn to cook, either ln
boarding-house or private family; moderate
wages expected and eanltary sleeping-room;
no washing. Call or address 1345 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED Hngarlan woman wants posi-
tion in private family for general house-
work; is a first-class cook; also address or
call 139^ Eleventh st.
DANISH girl wants situation; general house-
work; Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda: wages
$25. Address E. BOES. 948 Hampshire st..
S. F.. or box 7696. Call.
DRESSMAKER — First-class; will have a little
time during August: terms $3 per day. Box
7739, Call; or telephone evenings East 3655.
GIRL wishes to do housework; wages $20.
Please call Wednesday or Thursday. 16
. Woodward aye.
REFINED young woman, 4 years' experience
as cashier, wants position. C. T. KREUT-
GER. 239 Geary st.
GERMAN woman wants position as a house-
keeper. 567 Thirty-sixth aye.. Richmond
District. |
COMPETENT girl wishes to do general
housework and cooking in a family of adults.
Box 4053. Call.
GIRL wishes place for housework and cooking.
Please call at 39 South Park; no Dostala.
COOK for parties or by month; flrst-clasa
German references. 1410 Larkin st.
LAU2 DRESS wants work by the day. 743
, Folsom st.; phone Red 577.
YOUNG lady stenographer; Smith Premier; 2
years' experience; references. Box SOl9. CalL
EXPERIENCED lady from the * East would
like charge of rooming-house. Box 7995. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
IF you need good entree cook for city or
' Al confectioner, or
A fine reljable pastry cook for the country
send word or call at room .301, James
Flood building.
A SOBER, industrious, middle-aged German
wishes position of any kind on a private
place; city or country. Box 8351. Call.
UP-TO-DATE cutter desires position; city or
country. Box 8355. Call.
YOUNG man wishes to learn waiting table ln
small residence or hotel. Box 5345. Call.
MAN that understands pickle business wants
J Job. Box 7590. Call.
ENGINEER with 10 years' experience- a good
machinist, desires position. Box 7730, Call.
TRAVELING position wanted by practical me-
chanical expert, where the highest skill and
the greatest ingenuity is required; ln any
line of machinery; or position as foreman ln
nrst-clas9 machine shop. Address box 5923,
Call office.
WHOLESALE house position wanted; any-
thing; Eastern man, age 37; 14 years' prac-
tical business experience; strictly temper-
ate; references. Bex 7628, Call.
BARTENDER, young, sober, steady, wishes
position as extra or steady work; working 2
days a week at present. Address box 7833,
Call office.
COMPETENT coachman, perfectly safe driver,
understands breaking colts, sober and re-
liable, wishes position: city or country. Box
7939. Call office.
WANTED — By steady man with British ma-
rine papers, charge of yacht or similar po-
sition. Address S. ATKINSON, Diamond
Postoffice. Alameda County. * r \u25a0'\u25a0-,
SITUATION wanted by a young machinist. 7
years' experience: can do any kind of ma-
chine work; no objection to country; refer-
ences^ •:-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-
BARTENDER (young, married) would Ilka
steady position ln country; best of refer-
ences. Box 7896. Call office.
BY a strong, sober, steady young man, any
kind of work ln city; references. Box 7745,
, Call office.
WANTED — Position by experienced \u25a0 stenog-
rapher and office assistant; references; mod-
erate salary. Box 7651. Call.
YOUNG carpenter; 3 years' experience In th»
trade with tools. Is looking for a position.
Box 762 a. Call.
WANTED — Painting, * paperhanglng, tinting,
etc.; strictly first-class at moderate prices.
- Box 7893. Call office.
BARKEEPER young man. wishes position ln
saloon or liquor store: sober, steady; best ot
ref erencea C. W.. 857 Folsom st.
YOUNO German would like work on prlvata
place; thoroughly understands care of horses,
cows and garden; references. Box 7781, CalL
GARDENER wishes situation on private place;
understands greenhouse; generally useful;
references." Box 7753. Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHER wants a position on photo-
graphic work: has experience. Address
AKAGAWA, 810% Stockton st. _^^
COMPETENT, sober young man wants position
as fireman of assistant engineer. 254 4th st.
RELIABLE Japanese wants a position In stors
or office. 1332 Larkin >t.
TRUSTWORTHY, educated Japanese, speaks
English well, desires a position ln stor» as
assistant salesman or any other help. Ad-
dress 130 Geary st.
JAPANESE would like work of any kind for
half day. J. KATO, 343 Mason St.; phone
. James 5251. . \u25a0 .
JAPANESE young man desires position as of-
. flee or bell boy; particular time and wages
Is not object. GEO. NAKA. 804 Stockton st.
JAPANESE butler or -first-class cook wants a
position in family; reference. Address SHO.
609 Duoont; st.
A COMPETENT Japanese, student ot college,
. wishes position as salesman or porter; speaks
good English. Box 7597, Call Office.
JAPANESE" boy wants "a position as school
boy; gcod cook. 1207*4 Scott at.; tel. Scott
3444. \u25a0 :
JAPANESE: excellent butler, wants position;
has . best reference. FRANK NAG ASA WA.
12 Quincy «t. -'--\u25a0
HONEST- Japanese wants to do general help
work \u25a0in family. Address -M. AYABE, care
-.: 514 Pine St.; tel. James 6791.
AN honest ! Japanese , boy wants a place of a
- schoolboy rln a small family. Address 579
Post st..-F.- S* X. \u25a0-.- \u25a0. ( -
JAPANESE boy wants to work : early \u25a0ln morn-
i Ing until 9 a. m. , GEORGE. 1431 Bush st.
NO. 1 Chinese flrst-clasa family cook ln city.
Address 807 Washington at
Rooming-Houses and Hotels for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN.
070 — Market — St. — room — SOl — Eighth
noor — James — Flood — Building — .opposite
"The — Emporium." Phone — Main — 3343.
Modern — Business — Methods. — r ROOMING,
and — APARTMENT — Houses. — Abstracts
furnished. — All — titles — guaranteed.
Our — Ellis. —^St. . — Entrance — Is
— Opposite — * -?i •
—THE — GOLDEN — WEST- — HOTEL—
—TAKE — THE .—' ELEVATOR— .-
OFFICE BUILDING.
—WELL LOCATED—
, 24 rooms — Profit monthly, $150. \u0084
Price $ lfeOO — EASY TERMS. — .
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market st.
HOME
FOR RICH TOURISTS.
23 rooms. 23 rooms.
— NEAR GOLDEN GATE PARK —
$60 rent; has cleared $64 each month for 8
years; furnishings cost $2000.
Price $1200— Easy terms.
. MARION GRIFFIN. 970 Market st.
LITTLE Apartment House— 2l rooms.
Near the widely known "Emporium."
Owner has left the city; will sell cheap.
$650 takes It; $200 down and Installments
of $10 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN. 970 Market «C
222 Rooms —
—222 Rooms—
— 222 Rooms.
SWELL APARTMENT HOUSE, opened last
year.
BRIGHT and NEW and CLEAN.
— 2, 3 and 4 room suites —
BEAUTIFUL
and
EXPENSIVE
FURNISHINGS.
$700 profit monthly g-u-a-r-a-n-t-e-e-d.
— LEASE for 8 years— \u25a0
Centrally located; only 7 blocks from JAMBS
FLOOD BUILDING.
The Business Center of the City.
It Is a HIGH-CLASS HOUSE
— and of course —
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN,
THE AGENT.
970 MARKET ST.,
Opp. "Emporium."
Ellis-st. entrance
' Opposite the
Golden West Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS PROPOSITION. \
60 rooms.
SPLENDID ' '
—NEW AND MODERN-
BUILDING.
NEW and ELEGANT FURNISHINGS.
— Rent $5 per room —
Lease A, D. 1905 to A. D. 1910.
BANKABLE SURPLUS
—$198 in July—
—FINE LOCATION —
EXCLUSIVELY for sale
— By—
MARION GRIFFIN.
970 Market st
OR (Read slowly.)
Would you 'like a 60-room house, well es-
tablished, doing a nice business and now of-
fered at half price for CERTAIN PRIVATE
REASONS, which — will — be — explained
to — the — buyer?
PRICE $3000 (cost $7300); easy terms.
JUNE SURPLUS $236. JULY SURPLUS $211.
Exclusively for 6ale
By THE AGENT,
MARION GRIFFIN.
— — ~ \u25a0
=1 \u25a0 . •" .
""" "^ ™ . ' '\u25a0;'-- '
1 SUTTER STREET ; \u25a0 — 14 rooms
CORNER HOUSE— I 4 rooms
CORNER HOUSE— I 4 rooms
14 rooms
$50 rent. # 11 rooms
—PRICE $400 — _
f 200 — down — and — time —on — $200.
$200 — down — and — time — ' on— $200.
, —AN ACCIDENT TO—
\ —THE LADY OWNER—
—CAUSES THE GREAT SACRIFICE—
HER LOSS IS YOUR G"A"IN. it you do not
-• delay until some one else snaps it.
MARION ORIFFIN,
070 Market, opp. Emporium.
$250 SPOT CASH
\u25a0* — Buys 11-room house —
HOT d
AND
COLD • ;
WATER ln each room —
4 blocks of Market; rent $30; price $250.
— PROFIT $30 each month —
• > - —See— ' \u25a0" '.
MARION GRIFFIN. V
; • ". V- ' 970 • Market st.
"SUNSET" PEOPLE.
• SIT UP AND TAKE NOTICE.
_' We want * a lot in "Sunset \u25a0 District" or a
small farm . worth . $2250 1 within •50 miles of
San Francisco ' \u25a0 ' ; . \u25a0
—IN EXCHANGE FOR— •
A highly respectable, well-located rooming-
house doing a good business;' cleared $1027 In
its last year. 5 Lease *on house t for. 4 - years.
The house is free of ; incumbrance. so must bo
the lot or farm.'The house is well furnished
and full of , permanent roomers. ' -.
—MARION GRIFFIN— \u25a0
—970 Market st.— ''\u25a0 '\u25a0'•.-<
— Opposite' "The Emporium,"—
-.. --- -- • -'„-' ;\u25a0 \u25a0« f
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0> TRANSIENT house of 14 rooms on* O'Farrell
st. : - furnished ; most , beautifully 4 j months ; atro j
Krß>'lTl T RE__\VAXTEI>. ,
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION -CO.. 132t~Market
St.. bet. 9th and 10th. paying big money tor
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
HEXRY MAYER pays highest pricea for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission ; tai.Bush SIX
Z. ABB LEVY. 1103 Market St.. phono Jesala
761. pays cash and buys everything.
HELP WAYTED — FEMALE.
3 COOKS, German families $30-$33-S4O
Cook, small restaurant $12 we«k
Cook, on a ranch .....' $3O
Cook. Berkeley $30)
Parlormaid and waiting-. San Mateo $3O
8 second girls, city $20-$25
6 waitresses for hotel, city and country. .$25
Chambermaid, no room or board.... S3 -week
French second girl S2S
Nursegirl, 2 children $25
2 dining-room girls, young ladles' school. sl3
Waitress for sanitarium ..$25
Laundress, country hotel $25
Housework. Ross Valley. $30; Saa Rafael.
$30; Mountain View. $30; also a largo num-
ber at houseglrls for city at $20-$25-$3 O.
Call to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter at.
FOUR chambermaids and 4 waitresses tor
; young ladies' school, $23 «ach. Call early.
MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter, near Powell.
GIRLS to learn halrdreeaing,' manicuring-, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z In 1 mo. for $5 to
those entering now; 7 positions to nil guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening
clas9. College, 234 Post St., room XT, 2d floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish ln 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for Aug. positions. School,^ Post, r. 18.
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for $3". learn now
for Aug. positions; sits, guaranteed; •\u25bc•.
school only. . 234 Post at., room 18.
• \u25a0
WOMEN and girts wanted trained lately; also
experienced causers: steady work and high-
est pay. Apply CALIFORNIA CANNERIES
CO.. 423 Brannan st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls wanted 1 also caansrsl
steady work guaranteed for balance of th«
season on pears, peaches and tomatoes. Ap-
ply Immediately, California Preserving Co.'a
Factory, Beacb. and Dupont sta., at North
Beach seawall.
HOP pickers wanted: best accommodations:
earliest picking; families preferred. For par.
ticulars call from 10 a. m. to •* p. m.. room
17. 815 California st.
AA — OPERATORS wanted on ltfttles* under-
wear to work In factory. €56 Mission st..
third floor.
AA — OPERATORS wanted on ladle*' shirt-
waists to work ln factory. 63d MUslon ' it.,
third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 656 Mlssioa
st., third floor. .
OPERATORS on ladles* underwear. 636
slon st.. third floor.
"WANTED— A woman (not English) to help
with general housework, cooking; 3 la family {
good home; wage* $12 p« month. Address
P. O. box 476, X'kiah. Cal.
"WANTED— GirI to assist with . housework and
help take care of children; good wages;
homo at night. The Benton. apartment 3.
835 Octavia st.
"WAITRESSES desiring good positions will call
at once; steady positions awaiting them.
Room 819. James Flood building. .
NEAT young girl to assist with light upstairs
work and children; $15. 5U Cola st., near
Halght.
WANTED — Young girl for general- housework;
need not cook. IS3I Eddy at.
WANTED— GirI assist light housework. 1118
McAllister st. '. . -
A GOOD waitress wanted at 1410 Polk st.
WANTED — Good dressmaker at once. 178
Randall st.: take Ingleaide or Mlsslon-st. car.
WANTED— A woman for washing dlshest 417
O'Farrell st. .
GOOD waitress; also chambermaid; $20 and
room. tR)J> Polk st..
WANTED — Young lady for glove store. A.
BERNAUER. SGI Valencia st.
SEWING machine operators on overalls; no
experience; necessary. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. .32% Fremont st. MR DAVIS.
WILLING girl, general housework, assist with
cooking. SOI Fillmore St.. cor. Grove.
WANTED — A young lady as working house-
keep»r for small family Bon 7X66. Call.
AN elderly lady a =» housekeeper for 2 In fam-
Hy; good home. Box 7717. Call office.
PERMANENT home fancy work for ladies
given at 1344 Market »L. opp. ItH. 9 ta 3.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
AA — DIVORCE; costs. $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unitss successful; open
evenings; wille, deeds, leases, bills of sale
ar.d articles of co-partnership carefully pre-
parrc; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates. U27 Market St., room 3'Jl.
A A— DIVORCE costs $12. . *~
Quick, qukt; legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
Ail law business.
Examiner building, room SIC. third floor.
! R. W. KING, Attornsy-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 011; established 20
years: all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: p-.enircs by appointment Tel. Red SCOI.
j TV. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law, 632 Market St., room 23; 21 years' ex-
: perience; all court?; general court and office
practice; consultation free. Tel. Black 2332.
i ADVICE fre«; legal divorce costs $12; all law
: caj»es handled; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenlnge by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 819 Market, r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; all cases
probate and attachment suits a specialty;
ope« evenings. R. 465, Parrott bld.,Sr>s Market
ADVICE free: costs $2 to $6; no fee unless suc-
cessful; collections everywhere: any case in
any court. Law Inv. Co.. 44 Parrott bldg.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room 304, consulta-
tion free: no fee in advance. Open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale— Two-cylinder light /delivery car.
"WALTER S. FRANCE, 20 Golden Gate aye.
A bargain — 1905 White touring car, practically
new. COS Van Ness aye., tir. Golden Gate aye.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggists; main depot 1602 Market st.. ,
Ft. Xicholas Hotel; 10c, 25c. 50c package.
WANTED — Infant to board; best care given.
2333 Howard St.. top fiat.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1626 Polk st.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
must be sold at once; owner to leave the
city.* Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A—JISOO;A — J15O0; BUTCHER shop across the bay;
monthly sales from (1100 to $1500; lease; 1
horse and wagon. Call R. G. tVILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A— slsoo; UAKERY in San Mateo Co.; locat-
ed in the most fashionable town; large cash
trade; wagons, horses; daily store receipts
i above fJO. Call R. G. %VILKE, 26** Kearny.
' A— s4so; CIGAR store with billiard-hall and
bootblack stand; best location, Western Aa-
dition; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 264
Kearny st. *
A—s3soo;A — $3500; CORKER saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market St.; rent $50; owner kept
this place the last 4 years and always done
a fine business; mutt leave the city on ac-
of other engagements. Call R. G. WILKE,
26U Kearny st.
A—s2soA — $2500 — PARTXER in best corner saloon on
water front; 5 years' lease; no rent 'to pay;
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 28Vj "TTearny.
A—sl7sA — $1750 — CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; surrounded by factories and wholesale
houses: owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE, 26"£ Kearny st.
A—sCso;A — $C50; FRUIT and vegetable store, with
route; wagon. 2 horses; very best location in
the Mission; a good-paying business; sickness
compels owner to go in the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26',i Kearny st.
A— s22oo; CORKER saloon with C furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 v, Kearfay st. "
A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar. with 0
years' lease; on Halght sU; rent $55; 4 liv-
ing rooms: full value in sight; trouble ln
family cause of sale. * Eec R. G. WILKE,
26*4 Kearny st.
A— s2oCo; CORNER saloon on Third St., with
7 rooms; rent $S5; one of the best located
places en the most prominent business part
of Third ct.: full value ln sight. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A—$20()0;A — $20()0; CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez St., with U living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rent $33; dally sales about $25; place kept by
owner s years; a rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2t>>£ Kearny St.
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon ln Monterey,
with S years' lease; rent $C 0; stock will in-
voice about $2000; this is a bonanza; full
value ln sight; owner is competed by other
Investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— sloo<J; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $25; full value in aic^t; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2GVj Kearny.
A—sl3oo;A — $1300; PAPER route; morning paper. Call
R. a. WILKE. 26>A Kearny st.
A—fllOO; DELICATESSEN etore. with dairy
produce; 11 vine: rooms; very best location on
Third st., near Call building. Particulars 11.
G. WILKE. 26K Kearny st.
A—ssoo;A — $500; CAFE and restaurant, with elegant
furnished rooms; a small Delmonico; private
dining-room; location the very best; West-
ern Addition; running on ' Delmonico style.
See R. G. WILKE. 20 # Kearny st. ,
A— s4so; CIGAR store with j? fine living
rooms; kept by owner 10 years; rent $32;
mest prominent location on Larkin st. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny at: /
A—JSSCO;A — J55C0; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phcian bldg.; lease; many for-
tunes made -in this corner; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— soso; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place • 4 years;
business clears above $110 per month; loca-
tion the best: close to Examiner office. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A — f 1750; SAUfiQE factory and pork ntore.
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large ' patronage ln wholesale
trade, also doing, rushing store trade; owner
to retiifc only cause of »al«. See R. Q.
WILKfi. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl3oo; CORNER Baloon north of Market st..
ciose to Kearny; rent $80;' lease; owner
wishes to quit city life and jro in the coon-
try; investigate; this is a rare chance. 'Call
R. Q. WILKEj 2GV4 Kearny st. .-.
'A--S18T.0; CORNER saloon on Folsom St.. with
- living rooms; rent $35; place located close
to Sixth st. ; bargain. Call . R. G. WILKE.
-iCt^ Kearny st.
A—s2Boo:A — $2800: THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth »t.. with lease, and cigar stand In
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
Tf-YVV^ 1 o a i* V isil nece s s ary. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2tPA Kearay st.
A-53000; ELEGANTLY ntUd up saloon with
8 furnished rocms; the most prominent loca-
tion north of Market street; rent $12V a
c-" rr V l -w r , e -. clll V? ce: place ' *' money-maker. 'R.
O. V»ILKE. 26% Kearny. St.
A— s3ooo; CORNER saloon with Cat of 6
rooms; lease; no better location ln this city
owner k»pt place 10 years; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. V.'ILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; ROADHOUSE with bowling . alley
dance pavilion, etc.; rent £50; the place Is
located on the moit prominent county" road
to San Matec. Call R. G. WILKE 20%
Kearny. st . - - . . . -
A— yiQOO; FANCY grocery" and delicatessen
. etore on Sacramento St., ' Western Addition-
rest $30; 3 years' lease; full value In sight.
Call 11. G. WILKE. 26tf Kearny. s» snu
MEETTXG NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A special meeting of the stockholders
ct the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
will be held ti office or the company. In
rcem 1216. in the Merchants' Exchange
• .- bullfiinc. in tie city and county of San
Francisce, in the Si^te of California, the
t&n:e being the principal place of business
cf £ai<i corporation, ana being the building
where the boar.J oi directors of said corpora-
tion ueualiy meet, on tt* "Mb day of August.
IK)S. at the hour of 12 o'clock nooc, to con-
cider and act upon the propositions:
Firtt, to t&CFe&ae the capital stock of said
corporation 10 one hundred and tixty million
dollars ($160,000,000). and for that purpose to
tmtnd article VI ot the articles of incorpora-
tion and consoiidatioa of tie company to
i i tad as foliows:
"The amount of the ccpital stock of eal3
"corjjoratior shall te cne hundred and sixty
. tr.lSlibn do;iars (JKiO.oOO.ooO), divided into
\cn* million six hundred thousand (I.tiLO.OOj)
shares ot the par value or one hundred dol-
lars <$100) t-ach, ahich said amount of capi-
tal stock cuis not *xceed the amount actually
required for tec pnrpoaei of the said corpora-
<_ i;.-: . and is the amount actually required
, tr.d ascertained to be necessary for construct-
ing, corapletir.g, i-qulpplng. operatir.g and
Tr.ainU-;nir.fc' Us road, and is co estimated by
.t4n-.pt-.ent engineers, as win appear ty tho
•. written estimate cf such engineers, duly
t signed by tbea. and filed in the oftice and
principal place cf tusinces aforesaid of said
* icrjjcratioa."
. And to amend paragraph third of article
-Xil fit the sail articles to read as follows-
.. . . "The number cf directors of said con-
. * tclidattc corj -oration shall be eleven {H>
ar.<! rtie r.rr.ount of the cap.tal etock of aaid
-corporation shaii be o ne hundred and sxty
tr.iUicii collars (SltO.Coo.cOu), which eaid
-s '. tmcunt cf capital stock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
. 1 '-porat*on. and i.; the amount actually- re-
• \u25a0 quired and ascertained t o be r.ecesrary for
. coaitruct:r.ir, completing, equipping, uperat-
U\g and niaiiiia:r.::;s its road, and is «j
estimated by competent engineers as will
- epptar by the aforesaid Written estimate o'
«id engineers duly s ,g r .ed by them and ca
£ue as aforesaid. &ai<i capital etock of sail
corpcraucn thall be divided into en« million
' C f\ . hundred thousand (X.COq.OOO) shares
• cf the rar value of one hundred dollars
(tlCO) «eh of which said shares of iald
JS l^ V, k £t« lo i£l rtn * have b <*n «üb-
tenbed by a r.d allotted to the stockholder!
cf taid ccnttuuect corporation. as herein
after E et forth, to wit:" nereln-
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany. Incorporated, organized and £ t!8 ? 1?«
under the laws of the State cf ' Calling ,
acd to Us shareholders, cne znVVon 4
iourtee n thousand two hundred a"d fSrty4«
S?r4!» y OCe - huadredths t1.014.2UC0.i00>
"Xo the Southern Paclfle Railroad r«™
pacy. Incorporated, organized "nd^«SS?;
under the laws cf the Territory of Ar^n *
and to Its stockholders, one hundr/rt *
p.'nTV'xew o^^. FnTJX^i^ <*»-
»DA exlsUng under the lawVof 1& tIS? Zed
of New Mexico and to its «Ldf"l tor **
•!rty-*lght thousand eicht ht^ kI l ol<lers -
•lghty-eight (CS.SSB) shirls •• hKni ™<i and
: "-The cevera! stockholders at »=,... .
constituent corporations shall h«t*i ° eai<l
them by the said consolidated % issue <> to
paid up shares of the capital . f co f poratJ o«»
- consolidated corporation out o r °£ k of the
thereof eubscribed by and ai-L,~, c Bha res
•tockholders of their respective . to th «
corporations to the like amount 2 n f. tltuent
«cllar. at their par value with th# i° lar , tor
cf the shares held by such gt^t^ vlUue
tbeir respective constituent corn^- »< " in
Thereaiter. and secondly. tocw« Uo lf'
«d Indebtedness cf eaid corpar^f* a bond -
amouct in the aggregrat* cf ore hV,v\ l 2l 2 the
.' Hxty million dollars <*100.0u0 oS? red ar ' d
coin of the United States (a port 1^ l n goii
is to be used in retiring existing k of^ V ch
debtedness). and to increase thf £°n<3ed In-
debtedness of said corporation ° onded 'n-
amount 5n the aggregate of c .ie i,,rP^ to th «
f.lxty million dollars (s'.oo <*ki r«£? r< * and
coin of the United States, and 'tVT' ln sold
eaid proposed bonciefl indebted* S * CUI if the
rocrtgasre upon the railroads. tn£**i ° y a
property of the company now 0 »--15 J ses and
tfter acquired, and the income fh or ? ere "
- -*ucfi *art thereof as may be preset i ?r? r
• ' the mortgage; ar.d to determine »kL , ed ia
terms cf raid bonfls and raortffa« orm J Ui^
autberize the Board of Directors to'.f^ t0
euch action as they may deem n-cesA,t **'
expefilt-nt ln the premises. -«Mary or
• Dated the CStb day cf June, jjoj
By cr<J<;r of the Beard of Directors"
J. L. AVlLi^cir.r^
* cCI^ E la^-. T 6 ° Uthera Parific Ra "*-o»d
directors of said Southern Paciflc Railroad
-. V .'- - Cor;rariy.
'ANNUAL METTIXG— The Risdon Iron and
Locomotive T\'orl:£ — The annual meeting of
the stockholders o? the Rlsflon Ircn .md Le-
comotivt Wori:s for the election of trustees
?or the enrvir.K year and the transaction of
«tich other business as may be brought before
' the tneetlny will be held at the office of the
compEcy.-tSSS -Steuart et., San Fi^nclsco, on
MONDAY, the 7th <^ay cf Aug-Jfit. 1005, at 11
oeiock a. in. AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Sec-
rcUrr.
I MEETO'C! IVOTlCES— Co»<ju]Jgj^___
I CALIFORNIA Ccmniandcry Xo. 1. .x m
K. T.— Stated assembly THIS (FHI- Tc7P
, DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. !sjl(
Husinoss only. By order of the Com- w
; inander. -
WILLIAM It. JO?'!'. Recorder.
j PACIFIC Lck!s:p Xo. ISC. T. and A. M.— ©
Stated meeting THIS EVENING. SW '
! o'clock. * /V^ j
I GEORGE PKN'LIXOTOX. Sec.
1 CALIFORNIA 1-odgre Xo. 1, K. o! \u25a0££*
P., meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVEX-vtSSS*^
IXG at 8 o'clock. Pioneer bullJiris, Ti*£7 |
24 Fourth St. Page rank. Visitors Jg£2^
! cordially invited. ' ~"
.IOHX M. LORTON, <". C.
R. X. McLEXXAX. K. of R- and K.
j SAX FRAXCISCO Tent No. '
18. K. O. T. M.— Kf-view A^¥zZ^m
THIS (FP.IDAY) EVEN- M2tf <O> SJWJ
IXG at b o'clock. Pioneer yhi 'X\\«Mf
Hall. 24 Fourth st. vß^sissrflr
V. 13. RICHARDS, Sl<£S*<»^
Record Keeper.
REGULAR meetir.gr of the Caledonian «• «J*
Club THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock, *$. Qk&i
Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st.
D. D. McRAB. Chief. *«^Nr
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
: THE picnic of the Rebel Cork Ben^vo- tk-j/tf*}
lent Association will be held in Shell >Kwj(
Mound Park. Berkeley. SUNDAY. Ja\\f
Aupust 6, 1905. Very valuable ffCgS*
prizes, including a Domestic sewing »~S££
machine, for first gate -prize; cash prizes
salore. Come and bring your friends to
the Rebel Cork picnic. Sunday. Aueust C.
R. F. BUCKLEY. Secretary.
JOHN IX SPJIECivKI.S Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXAI :<;UT Manager
\V. J. MARTIN r . } yt ßusiness ' Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With ihe DeparUEct'i > '-v IWsn.
Publication Crnce Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevcntcnet.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per k . 7B
Cts. Pf-r Month. S:n?'e Copies 0 cc r tE : vl . h ,
Terms by Ma:!, lacludins Postage CCash Wl.li
Order) : „ .„ !
DATLY CALL dncjnd. Sunday). 1 vcar --*^°°
DAILY CALL Unclad. Eunday). 0 mos... KCO
DAILY CALL— By SincU Month •.35
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year -'jj" !
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year • «i!sf
;FOn E IGN |1 S ...WJU Per ,enr Extra
POSTAGE. Vw^V-ly" . 1.00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL rOSTOASTBnS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS S.
Sample Cojlcs v.iil be forwarded when re- j
q-jcs'.ed.
Mai; subscriber, in ordering ****** °l££
ores* should be rsrticuar to P™ *>°. th £ ET T
AiCD OLD AJJDKESS la oraer to inajre a
prbmrt and correct corr.piiance w.lh 13«U •«-
QnesL
OAKLAND OFFICE:
:o:o broadwmr Te'.epl-.one Main 10S3
ALAiICDA CFFICE:
H35 Ptrk S'.rre:, N<:£.r Scxta Clara Avenue.
Those Ala.T.efia E69.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASH I X G TOX CO RRESPON DENT :
JAMES 6. XTLEB P<*t Buying
KEW TOBX NEWS STANDS:
Wfi'.corf-Afto:ia Jlotfl; A. Er. n:anc, 31 j
Vtdoa Square; Hamr HUI Hotel; Filth-avenue
Hotel ar.d Roffcuui House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6herr.:an House; P. O. Ntws Co.: Great
Nortberr. Hotel ; Tremont House; Audi:orium 1
V.oic'.; Palmer House. :
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: i
C. GEORGE KBOGXESS. Marquette Building
(Long Distance relepnoae, *,*Central 2cia.">
— — — ' I
" NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: ;
ETDi'iiEX B. SMITH liO Tribute Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTCN Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOOS Market stix-^t, opposite Fifth; open until
il p. in.
EOS Montgomery aye.; open until 9 p. m.
::(•(.' Hayes ftrett; open until 9:30 p. m.
di'J McAlUeter street; open until &:^0 p. m.
612 Larkin ttr<<-t; o]>en until •\u25a0\u2666::i0 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2<ii Eleventh ttreet: open until 3 p. m.
IW>6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
"Jior-Jicast corner Church and D-jncan etreeta;
cpen until 9 p. m.
22CQ Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCaiBEBS LEAVIXG TOWX
I OR THE SUUMEB.
CALL uuliKc-ribcrs <-oi>icii:j>!:itinsr a
1 li.-.npt- of residence during: tfce'sanimer
ii.Kt.t !.s caa have their paper forwarded
by mail to tUeir new Address by notil'v-
lus THE CALL Business Ofliee. Tills
pupcr will also be «»n Kale nt all aumnier
resorts and is represented by a local
Hgfttt fa all (owns on the coast.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— s7ooo; 'CORNER saloon in wholesale: dis-
trict; place clears about (500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Et.
A— JIWCi; CORNER baloon, with lease and liv-
ing-room; about JJ br.rrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; close to Market
'I tt.; investigate: this is a rare chajice. It.
G. WILKE. -ti'.'S Kf-arny st. * ~
I A— $21100: SALOON with ' mercantile lunch in
wholesale district; N of Market st. ; place
; established years; business first-class; owner
; lo go to the country. See R. G. WILKE.
i!6"i£ Kearny st.
GROCERY; branch bakery, school supplies.
Grocer^ and bar prices $1200 to $3090.
Saloons, all prices, from $750 to if-3500.
Oyster and chop houses, $175 to $1500.
Stationery and notions, good stand, $325.
Candy, soda water and icecream parlors.
Millinery, first-class stand and trade.
Cigrar stands, all kinds and prices.
Wood, coal, hay and grain yards.
Milk route, bake shops and repair shops. •
Ranches all kinds, with and without
fruit.
Offices, houses, apartments, flats and
transient.
Restaurant, splendid outfit, nicely equipped,
$450. CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777 M: Mkt.
DELICATESSEN with and without bakeries,
$SCO to SSOO CAL. INVESTMENT COM-
PANY, 777 V 6 Market st.
$4700— CORNER saloon; on Kearny st; strictly
up-to-date. CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777&
Market st. : ;_
A — CAMERON & CO. :: — Phone South 1050
8 Eddy 6t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for^LU kinds of business chances.
A—s3oooA — $3000 BUYS first-class coal, wood and Ice
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located in fine bay town; equipped with
horses and wagons; doing good business;
clearing over $150 per month: established ten
years; owner has other business and cannot
devote his time to it. See CAMERON &. CO.
A — AN investment of $500 to $100, will secure
the position o£ secretary and treasurer for
first-class corporation; salary $100 pei
month; is well established; bonk references.
Eec CAMERON A- CO t
EAGLE REAL ESTATE, 230 Kearny st.
Phone Montgomery 628.
Grocery and bar licenses for sal« cheap.
$550 — SALOON: fine fixtures; $200 stock; cash
register ; frood location: rent $30. 230 Kearny.
$2000— SWELL rooming; beautifully furn. 20
rms. N. Market; sickness cause. 230 Kearny.
SALOON license Saloon license
for sale cheap. 230 Kearny st.
A SNAP.
Being compiled to go East on urgent busi-
ness, will sell my restaurant at a sacrifice;
everything first class and up-to-date; cheap
rent; seats 32; 3-year lease: nice trade; must
leave by August 10. S. B. DOW, 1303%
Castro st.
TO lease — A brick plant: 40,000 capacity dally;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
making nrst-claes brick: unlimited^uuantities
of clay. ADply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
1021 & Market st. ; tel. South G22.
FOR sale— Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
proposition, with valuable adjuncts;, sure
money-maker, but needs money to swing It;
principals only. Address box 794G, Call.
EXPERIENCED grocer with $5000 to take
interest In established business: best location;
long lease; low rent; no bar; big future; no
agents. Box 7744, Call.
WANTED — Saloons, cigar stands, restaurants
and rooming houses for cash customers if
reasonable. Add with particulars. Box -7701
Call. , . \u25a0 .-\u25a0 :-.-
STOCK companies incorporated; If you have
stocks or bonds for sale offer them through
me to investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG,
Broker, 345 Ellicott square, Buffalo.
BARBER shop; $125; good corner; 2 chairs;
everything complete. RELIABLE AGENCY.
765 Market st.
BARBER shoj^for sale; $125; good stand; next
to postoffice: good for $40 a week. Address
CHARLES POOL. Guemeville, Cal.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale; Valer.cia • and
Market; enap. Apply bet. 10 and 12, 426,
Eighth st.
SALOON for sale; expenses reasonable. 168
Fourth. St. '
HAY, gprain, wood and coal yard; account of
sickness must sell. M. WRIGHT, 435 Na-
toma st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale ln Oakland; a
good Call route ln Oakland for sale. . Apply
1 at Call Business Office for particulars.
RESTAURANT; cheap; cash or time, or will
rent with privilege. 640 Commercial st.
A COMPLETE tlavorinc extract plant; we!"
stocked; value $2800. Box 7633, Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale; near Tivo'll Theater.
Apply 113 Eddy st.
RESTAURANT for sale at 506 Howard st.
FOR sale — Delicateesen and restaurant: good
place for man and wife. Box S2OO, Call.
GOOD Call route :or sale. Apply at Call
office. ; \u25a0
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lOCS Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5550.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
S Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
63 rooms: fine new brick building; choice
central location; newly furnished In best oak
furniture, Axminster and velvet carpets, elec-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ences, beautiful light and airy halls; in fact.
a splendid proposition; can be bought for less
than half cost to furnish; part cash, balance
long time at low interest; price $3000.
65 rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
cheap rent, long lease; well furnished;- first-
class condition; choice location and clears over
$250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
18 rooms, fine location on Bush St.; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; few rooms not furnished;
big bargain at $750.
32- rooms; elegant location for high class
boarding-house; beautifully -furnished; will
either sell the furniture and •equipments or
lease same to responsible party.' Fine oppor-
tunity for. some one.
108 rooms; new, modern building; most ele-"
gantly furnished; everything of the best; of-
fice and cafe on ground floor; there is nothing
better in San Francisco either as money-
maker or quality of furnishings; can be had
very reasonable on account \u25a0of sickness ; will
take ranch or house and lot ln exchange. ;,; \u0084v.:
lb-rocm corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets, everything first-class con-
dition; all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at $1250.
7-room modern* flat, furnished in mahogany
and oak furniture; good carpets; fine location;
on account of death, snap; price $400.
37 rooms, fine corner, downtown; cheap rent;
first-class furniture and carpets; one of the
best little transient houses ln city and can be
got a big bargain; $2250. . / .
14 rooms, fine block on Ellis st.; rent $75;
good furniture and carpets; bargain; $600.
30 rooms, new and' modern; fine location;
well furnished and paying well, but owner Is
obliged to leave city and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish, or $1500. >. "
14 rcoms, fine location; rent only $50; north
Market: good furniture and carpets; all full;
price $750.
85 rooms; grand corner; cheap rent; very
centrally located; good oak furniture; fine car-
pets; part offices; big money-maker; part
down, balance time; price $1800.
• 6-room and alcove beautiful : modern flat near
Sutter st. ; all light and sunny; -elegantly/fur-
nished. , with fli>; upright piano; bargain; $600.
18 rcoms; finely located; good furniture and
carpets; Is. paying well; will exchange for 10
or 12 room house in good condition.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furni-
ture and carpets, and If run right • can make
a mint of money out of It and will-only take
$200 ; to get In; balance can be paid out of -
house ; price $1000.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 EDDY ST.
A. . . A. ..A SPECIAL. . ... . . A.'. ; .... A
RETSLOFF & SPAULDING, Reliable Agents, .
.......... Bank .......... References .:....;.
Hotels — Rooming and Apardtment Houses.
Flats— Private Homes— Grocery. :..'
" Saloon— Delicacy— Stationery — Drug
and all kinds of business propositions -
-. Sold and Exchanged. v ;
Call — Investigate— and.be convinced.
We handle only paying. propositions. .
RETSLOFF. . . ... . AND :....: . .SPAULDING
906 Market it...... ..Ph0ne John 4496.
WANT AD WWAnY n R M "PLAIN AS TrffipTHIi S^N FRANCISCO; CALL, -FRIDAY; 'AUGUST 4/ 1905.
13
MO.VEY TO LOAN — Continued.
MONEY. Money. Money.
Any proposition. 4U 2d st. WeHs-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
CASH loaned falaried people on notes without
Indorser. .MORRELL. 609 - Examiner bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR S.ALE.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that will stand
pressure ln lengths of trom 12 to 20 feet,
with all couplings (new) and recut threads,
covered with paraffine paint, ready to use. ,
1 In.. 3&c ft; IV, In.. O'c ft; 2 in.. So ft.
2H in.. 10c ft; 8 in.. 12%<= ft.: 3% In.. 15c ft.
4 in.. 19c per ft.; 5 in.. 24c ft: tt in.. 30c ft.
To avoid unnecessary correspondence we
will gay that this is all right and guaran-
teed; send money by Weils, Fargo & Co. s
Express or mail order.
H. 8. WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
i. Office. 130 Beale St.. S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumpa,
pulleys, . shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; B^e Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-IJ2 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIX-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying modern bar fix-
tares; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St.. S. F.
LARGEST stock in city; second-hand belting,
. also planing mill machinery, engines, boilers
nnd electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
HORAN. 602 Third st.
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. »05 Market St.:
phone South 87.
A— EUYS. soils and rents gear machinery, en-
gine?, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 336 Main st.
SxlO PORTABLE engine and boiler: wood,
coal or straw burner; good order. G-
KETSCHER. 960 Union st.. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap— Double cylinder gas or oil
engine; 20-horcepower. Apply corner -Army
and Condon ets. '
A— GENTS full dress suits to rent J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton st. second floor.
SCHOOL books bought anil exchanged.
KING'S Old Book Store. 61 McAllister s>t
ST. BERNARD dog for sale. Inquire 510 Mls-
slon St. See MR. GEO. BAUER.
ELEGANT W. W. Montague range: cost $30:
$12 50. 213 Fourth st. "
SMITH-PREMIER typewriter; good order. Ap-
ply 163S Market st. '
MILES of pipe and fittings, all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
A VERY fine 25-stone lady's diamond studded
locket at a bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ALL kinds camp furniture renUd. ROSS-
McMAHON CO., 35 Market st
ARMY shoos, $1 55; U. S. N. flannel shirts.
$1 20; open eve. Mechanics' Store. 574 4th.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIOALUPI, 805 Kearny st
HIGH grade 21-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES — New anJ second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD tc BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A AAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothlm£ ITe1 Tel I DavtsB2s^»isoSacramento^
WILL pay highest prices for all kinds good
castoff clothing. 922 Felsom; tel. Jessie 446.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny at.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. The
Dolan Co., 1607 Market st; phone Jessie 2921.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BEST renting stock ln the city; good uprights
at $2 per mo. ; some at $2 50: our own make,
$.".; cne year's rental allowed oft purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 580 Hayes st.
A LARGE stock of standard pianos;' all more
or less used: prices $t55 up. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st; Chicker-
lng agency. *_______
ALMOST Klven away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos, furn. Whltehead's storage. 1H36 Mkt.
MUST seH tD-day: elegant Fischer upright.
584 Valencia st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post at
NEW. .upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckfring baby grand.
Shonlnser little used. Keeffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
PEKSOXALS.
MONEY TO. LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
...... PROPERTY
I Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in pr3bate. undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty leans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN. COMPANY.'
Suite IU7-1U& Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
' R. McCOLGAN.
Rooms 301 snd 302 Hearst building.
Third floor. Examinsr entrance. ' •
Deal directly with lender and save expense.
Leans any amount at 5W and t» per cent
" On first, second and third mortgages;
REAL ESTATE IN PROIiATE. .
Undivided interests in estate and property.
Mcney advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Main 5516.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, wart-house receipts or
tecurity of any kind, without removal; we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN In th-»
WORL.D: payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE: ln case ot SICKNESS or loss at
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
Thia Is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates ar-
RIGHT and no DESERVIXO PERSON is re-
lused: CASH ADVANCES maile to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 15-
' IG. 709 Market St.. opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-KO3 Examiner bulldins:.
Quick settlements : no disappointments.
Save expenses. by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided tn-
tereEts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly ' confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN.
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest. v
. Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private plac* to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market st.,: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1192
Market nt. and 27 Third st •' '
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without security
or 'indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg-.
; ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates: no commission: confidential. 506-7
ticnohue bldg.. S Taylor st.. corner Market
A— Lowest rates on real estate.lst or 2nd mort-
gages, life Insurance, or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 38.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lt you look for lowest
.wite bf Interest and square deal. Old Flood
- bid., ' 809 Market, cor. 4th. suite 1; est. 1868.
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to salaried people
.without security: good 'terms and easy pay-
ments: also on other security. 507 Flood bldtr.
" MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds.- pearls' and precious -stones
bought nt W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
LOANS' on diamonds, watchea and Jewelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adams building. 206
Kearny st. Glt.be Mercantile and \u25a0 Loan ' Co.
SALARIED : people - without security; also on
' -furn., estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. (112 Parrott bid<
WE loan on property 65 to 80 per cent on valu-
-atlon.. If you \u25a0 need ; money ccc us.
McGARVIE A CO.. 720 Market st.
A — ONE * per cent per" month on valuables.'
. PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
ANY amount, rear estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS— Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per,
> cent: chattels, etc. 150 ! Montgomery, r. 518.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you set
•'\u25a0\u25a0us. Hutton Credit C 0.. :912 Mutttal Bank bid.
\u25a0TO salaried people without security. The Whit«
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 13. •\u25a0
ALL: loan* on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
1i »*..•_-«£_•&.•;..\u25a0\u25a0 i..- •-< '\u25a0 -\u25a0; > * \u25a0 ••< - ,r"«T-r- n- m . tf-iir«_r_fiM ii-w-r_-i> -rP
UK AI. ESTATE — COUXTRT — For Sale.
FOR hotel, sanitarium or beautiful home My
home reserve and Chittenden Sulphur Spring's
at Chittenden. Santa Cruz Co., Cal. Only
great group of medicinal sulphur springs
easily accessible from S. F. Trains stor> at
Chittenden station within 300 feet of springs.
Fine climate, beautiful scenery, best part of
Plate. $SC<*> worth of improvements, all new.
Great water right, fine water system, beau-
tifully landscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence; 36 acres choicest soil: a grand plac«
and a great opportunity to mak» money.
Price $18,000. very easy terms. Owner T.
CHITTENDEN. Chittenden. Cal.
$0000—490 ACRES: 200 acres tillable: halan*
pasture and timber; 20 acres ln corn i\ow:
small orchard: well watered by springs:
house of B rooms; a fine stock ranch; »
miles from Nell Junction.
$1050 — 21i acres of choice land i& mil«
from Elmhurst station: all the land aroun.l
this Is divided In city lots; must *•>!!: owner
going away. HUGH H. CAMERON.
103S Broadway.
$2700 CASH buys a fine little place of 12 acre*
In the poultry center: a new hard-finished
4-room cottage, with bathroom and pantry,
stable and double chicken house and a casfd
well of fine water; also lO^i acres 'unim-
proved for $1000: easy terms and a bl«r bar-
gain. Write to the owner E. ARTHUR.
Cotatl, Sonoma County. Cal.
ALFALFA IRRIGATED LANDS
$1 down — $1 month.
No interest: 20-acre tracts and upwards.
Call or write for pamphlet on Investment.
INDEX LAND AND BOND CO..
\ 00tJ-7-8 Kohl building, San Francisco..
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA, DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
CALIFORNIA land; alfalfa, corn, fruit, vines,
grain, stock, suburban; moderate terms: cata-
logues free. C. M. Wocster Co.. 643 Market.
WE lead them all for poultry ranches. Batchel-
or & Starke. Penngrove. Sonoma County. Cal.
SAUSAMTO REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE some desirable property for sals la
Sausalito; both improved and unimproved;
cash or terms. See W. H. ATKINSON.
room 69. Chronicle building.
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
WANTED— Good income property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO.. Investment Bankers. 7l>
New Montgomery at. '
PROPERTY WAXTED.
LET us submit your property to oar clients;
we have buyers for city real estat* ranging
from $2500 to $230,000. Call at our offices
er droD us a line statin? where our repre-
aentativ«« can ace you.
S. W. CROZIER COMPANY.
230 Crocker Bldg. Phone Main 354.
ALAMEDA APYEErS'-TTS
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$3130— -TWO-STORY, tt-roora house, fine yard,
barn, etc; 432 Santa Clara avenue, near
Fifth street station, narrow gauge; $730
down, balance at your own terms. Apply
to owner, W. J. SHREVE. 521 Kearny st.
San Krancisco.
NOTICE~ OF REDEMPTION OF FIRST
* MORTGAGE t PER CENT SINKING FUND
TWENTY-YEAR GOLD BONDS OF THE
BOCA AND LOYA—TON RAILROAD CC*W
PANY. **-
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on ta«
Ist day of October. 1905. eight (3) of the
flrst mortgage six (6) per cent sinking fond
twenty 120) year gold bonds of the Boca
and Loyalton Railroad Company, dated
April 1. 100U, and secured by Deed of Trust,
bearing the same date, mad* by said Boca
and Loyalton Railroad Company to the Mer-
cantile Trust Company of San Francisco, as
Trustee, being bonds numbered one (1) to
eight (S) Inclusive, will be redeemed and
paid at the office of said Mercantile Trust
Company of San Francisco. No. 464 Cali-
fornia street. San Francisco, California, by
the payment of the principal of said bonds,
and each of them, and all Interest due there-
on on the said Ist day of October. 1002.
together with a premium of ten (10) per cent
upon the principal of said bonds and eaca
of them. Said bonds numbered one (1) to
eight (S) Inclusive, and each of them. are.
In accordance with the terms and condition*
of said bonds and deed of trust, hereby
caßed for payment upon said 'Ist day ot
\u25a0 October 1905 and interest upon said bonds
i and each of them, will cease from and after
\ said date.
Dated San Francisco. July 27. 1905.
MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY OT SAN"
FRANCISCO. --
BY FREDERICK W. ZEILE. President
~ STEAM LAUXDRIES.
LAUNDRY of kinds only union help: prices,
roomtng-houaes sheets and slips. 20c doz.;
towels. He each. Tel SMITH. Ho~ _nl,4oU.
Co-tinned on t'a_e 1_
ItEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
CENTER & SPADER. ~
. • ' 11 Montgomery st.
By -crder of the executors of the laat will andl
testament of HENRY HORSTMAN. deceased.
we offer fos sale the following described prop-
_ SE. line of Howard St.. 117 feet NE. from
Seventh, thence NE. along Howard st. 43 fs«t.
by a uniform depth of 100 feet
NT. line of Harrison St., 113 1-12 fact lOC
from Sixth, thence NE. alongf Harrison st.
-1:5 1-12 feet, by uniform depth of 80 feet.
NW. line of Howard st., 200 feet NE. from
Fourth, thenc*. NE. along Howard St. 50 feet
by a uniform depth of 70 feet.
SE. line of Berry st., 273 feet SW. from
Fifth, thence 9W. along Berry st. 45 10-12 feet
by a uniform depth ot 240 feet.
Undivided one-half Interest ln the> following:
SE. corner Bryant and Eighth sts. and hav-
ing a frontage of ICO feet on Eighth and 60
feet on Bryant.
Offers for any of th« properties herein de-
scribed accompanied by a 10 per cent deposit
will be received by CENTER A SPADER at
any time prior to August 7. 1903.
The highest acceptable offer will b# pre-
sented to the Probate Court for confirmation.
CENTER & SPADER.
11 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY OEORGE K. FRINK.""*"
Rooms 705-6. Union Trust bldg., 14 Montgom'y.
NE corner Perry and 3d sts. ; 45x153. and im-
provements; $60.CC0.
SW corner Devlsadero and Jackson sts.; 67:6
x 137:8. and Improvements: $50,000.
Lot on north side of North Point St.. 50x
137:6. near Jones; J4500.
Lot Fulton st.. 100 east of Polk; 120x120. to
Austin aye. : $15. C00.
SE corner Perry and 3d sts.; 23x92. with L;
improvements: $33,000.
NE corner 13th and Shot— ell sts.: 83x110.
with L; half improvements: 412.500.
INSTALLMENTS.
Two lots, 11 and 13, on Waltham st. Bernal
Heights. $350 each.
Lot Wisconsin st. near 20th. Potrero: 23x
ICO; $300.
SOUTH SAN FRANCI3CO PROPERTT.
Lot on 11th aye.. nr. F st; 73x100; $300.
Lot en north side of 13th . aye.. nr. L St..
I50xlC0; $1800; will subdivide.
15th «ye.. nr. 8 st; 23x100; CN. _ H.
Tract; ?330.
Bay view Park lot. 30x130. 33th aye.; $330.
Lot 50xlC<>. SW cor. 20th aye. and I st: $300.
Lot 75x1 CO. N side of 22d aye.. nr. X st:
$1000; will subdivide.
IN VESTM ENT— NEW— GOOD.
Cor. Arlington and Miguel; 100x60; 8 flats. 5
and 6 rooms and bath; pay 9 per cent, will pay
10 ocr cent.
BUY ONE BEFORE
THET ADVANCE IN PRICE.
$1 25 TER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXE3.
$225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade;
close to school and Misslon-st electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$400 each en installments of $10 per month:
I no taxes; tine lots; near Oceai* boulevard: best
residence location south of "Golden Oats Park;
these are the cheapest lots ln this district;
advancing in price rapidly.
VT. J. WHITE COMTANT.
26 Montgomery st.. r. S. Phone Main 8704.
$30*1) — Cottage 6 rooms: porcelain bath, cement
trays, gas; lot 40 feet frontage: cement side-
walk: bitumintzed street: driveway, stable:
Chenery and Thirtieth sts.; on Guerrero-st.
car line: $1000 cash; balance terms to suit
at 6 per cent. MISSION REALTY COM-
PANY. 3207 Mission st.
$0200— RKNTS $27: 2 nice flats, vicinity of
Sixth and Harrison sts. : lot 23x75, with fln*»
prospective value. W. H. CRIM & CO., 119
Montgomery st. .
$47f>0— RENTS $47; 4 n;ee flats, vicinity of
Sixth and Harrison sts. ; lot 37:8x50. W. H.
CRIM & CO.. US Montgomery st.
$15,C00 — FINE 6-room house, storeroom, laun-
ury. basement: tot 34:4^x127:8%. 22u6
Jackson St., from 2 to 5 p. m.
DON'T build before investigating Marshall A
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aronaon bldg.. S4 Third st .
SPECIAL — 2 modern flats in Western Addi-
tlon: must sell. Call 332 Hyde art.
FHEK— Our booklet on plumbing: write AHL-
IiACH & .MAYER, plumbers, 83ft Howard »t.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S 741 MISSION ST.,
NEAR 3d. and C 26 WASHINGTON ST..
NEAR KEARNY.
Carpenters. Carpenters.
Railroad Work.
Bridie Work.
Southern Pacific Company.
TO-DAY ONLY.
FP.EK FARE. FREE FARE.
Carpenters $3 to $3 50.
SPECIAL TO-DAY: CARPENTERS.
NEVADA: TO-DAY
FREE FARE. FREE FAP.E.
Teamsters ?- -">.
SPECIAL SHIPMENT TO-PAY—
Railrrad Work.
Go To-day to Nevada."
4<> TEAMSTERS TO-DAY.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Assistant storekeeper, company. $30 and fd.
bricklayers for company.
Laborer*, north, t- 50.
Tunnel men, $2 50.
Laborers, *2-
Kre- lare, laborers, $2.
REMEMBER. WE SHIP TO
NEVADA TO-DAY. FREE FARE.
AT C R. HANSEN A: CO.'S 429 Bueta st.
lirt-ad baker, country show. .. .$55 and beard
Waiters, dishwashers, tnecetablemea, jx>t-
washfrs, city and country, in*- fare
£25-$3O-f35 and found
" b_* boys, country hotel, frf>e rare.". ¥2s td.
a bellboy* <~'untry ht.tel, !>«•«.• fare... sls fd.
;! iailndrymtn. rtscrl, Sonoma Co., fare
j.asd ?2 ii ''ay and found
Au-erunr.d laundryman, resort. Sar.ia Cruz
»"ounty *1U and found
Mil— er. e^r:ngs betel, Sonoma Cu.SsiO and fd.
liaru-ndcr. i ity $W> and board
liaru-nder. city *1« a week
R. R. laborers, company work.s2-$2 25 day
For Reno, Scarkf. Hazen, Nevada.
Free fare Ship to-night
Tunnelmen, teamsters, laborers $2-$2 50
All aver California. .
Ship to-night Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY.
€35 Washinttcn et.; phone James 3-'!01.
FREE FARE.
'Si laborers, stf-ady work. $00; boss here at
our efnee 11 a. m. ; see him.
DRILLERS.
s f » drillers, bu'ld npw road Alameda County,
$2 25 day, $1 25 fare, fine job, good cll-
rr.ate. lene Jib.
15 laborers, mine company, south. $40 and
- fnund, ptape fare raid: - dishwashers,
tame ;:.-.\u25a0-. $25 and found.
10 laborers, Isc farp. W0; 5 teamfters, tame
plar-e. $ti7 50. ecod job.
BIG POWER CO., MENDOCINO CO.
25 laborers, $2 25 day, fare refunded, 6tay
3 months; its good and long.
4f» laborers for wnods and yards. Mendoclno
f"o., $30 found, eteady work, cheap fare.
Foreman gracing camp. $2 50 day. bOs<i here.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT j
AGENCY,
633 Washintton «.; phone James 3301.
iIAN to rare for dairy stock. $35 and found;
rr.2<!<JU-aj?r><i watchman for mine. J2 day;
young fireman. $25 and found; bootblack for
country. $lo week; man about place. $30 to
J35 and found; farmer and wife, $50 and
found: farnK-rs. milkers. $35 and found;
shoreman. $1 day and found; woodchopr>*r
for min»>: Jobbing black— nith and shoer.
S3 50 da*: rarper.ters. $3 5O day; hotel cook.
$50; hotel waiter. XV: nurse; ordfrly tor
hospital; dishwashers; bedmaker, $35-" and
other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. fi2S Sacra-
mento «t.
ANDRE'S cfflce. 317 Stockton rt. — French
cock and wife, $00; man and wife, private
place, country-, $50; gardener, $35; waiter,
country restaurant. $35 to ?40; waiter, city.
$40; dishwasher. $:>0; vecetableman 525- ap-
prentice for laundry, $15; bedmaker, $8 to
$9 a week. etc.
A GOOD tailor wanted for bushelinsr. 877
Suttcr et.. n«ar Leavenworth, J. SILVKR-
BERG. |
WANTED— Boya, not under 14; good chance
for advancement. Apply NATHAN-DOHR-
MANN COMPANY. 124 Sutter st.
WANTED — An experienced grocery clerk-
must be able to tend bar. SW. cor. Geary
and Devisadcro sts.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen fcr
New York. THOS. MURRAY. 510 Davis st.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
all parts world. THOS. MURRAY. 610 Davis
_ — _ _ j
BEDMAKER. Hunter Honse, 681 Howard et.
WANTED— A competent cellarman. Ecx 7735.
Call cfflce.
UNION waiter; must speak Swedish; steady
day jcb. Address box 830(1, Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop; fjl
wetk. 502 Turk ft.
BOY fcr printing office. HANCOCK BROS
SO9 Mission st.
YOUXG man to work ln teller shop: room,
board, small wages. IfiCT Sutter et.
MEN wanted to do distributing; light work.
Apply lOC Pine st.
WANTED— A rood woodturner. Fourth and
Franklin ets., Oakland.
DISHWASHER can finli steady oosTtfon by
calling at r^tom SIS. James Flood building.
MILLWRIGHTS wanted; none but mechanic*
need apply. EOLANDER & HALLAWELL.
509 Mission Ft
WANTED— LIv* wagon man, also solicitor.
Pyoins: and Cleaning Work 6, 1020 Grove St.,
Oakland.
WANTED — Gcod fraternal insurance solicitor
for Oakland: a resident preferred; reference*.
Box 7930. Call.
WANTED— PupiIs to learn cutting and deslgn-
ln? of men s jrarments. School of Practical
cutting. 910 Market «.. room 59.
MKN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks- situa-
tions ruarantced: wages while learning Call
or address Molers Barber College. C 44 Clay.
WANTED-Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elee-
trlc light In every room. CSI Howard, nr. 3d.
MAX In sole leather room. United Working-
xaea c Boot and Ehoe Co., 23th and Bartlett
," EIjP WAyT ED— MALK— Conttnned.
A— MURRAY & READY, • PHONE
~H-Utt c:uy ti. MAIN SS4S.
i^o&<lln8 Kmployment and Labor Agents.'
SS e rv Kav * ln ISOA I& CS we hope to
t>4,Oto men wcrk. increase IH.OOO.
FREE FARE.
... tOLD MINE— OTHER MINES.
cc.» . ql( i and dfwljic hand drillers.' {90,
\u2666»J: 50, 1(5.
£0 muckt-ra. carmen, etc., $75
?.. ,labcrerB., labcrer8 . no experience, ior mines, $00.
J^laborrj-s to learn mining $00.
o« i P s> 'luarrien, tunnel:,, etc., $75.
-tt labor-.rs. large country factory $«0.
IiABOP.KKS— riAMsSTKRS.
•JUj labcrtrs and teamsters, different jobs.
so-ne in San Franc:sco. $2 *!• 25 $2 50
tiay; come t^e us
_, DRILLERS AND QUARRYMEN.
64 drillers and quarrymen, different places,
$07 60 to $75.
I-'AKMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
65 general ranch hancjs, *K>. $35, $40 fd.
AND HAY-BALING HELP.
ou men. different po.i-.iuons. $1 no, $2 and
?2 50 day and found.
12 hay-bal«rrs. different places. 15c. 16c 25c
ton.
CHOKE MEN AND BOYS.
Si m«n and boys fcr chorts, ?li>, $20. $25. $30
and found.
3 coaclunen. 2 gardeners, $40 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
26 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
535. «Xi and found.
FREK TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
365 labcrers. fare paid; you'll suit, $a.">, $10.
$tj and luund.
12tJ experienced woodsmen, mlllmen. from
piling lumber to ma^cer of mills and
woods, $35, $40, $50. $00, $70, $SO, $1)0,
$l«f> month and found; com? and see us.
STABLEMEN-
2G stahjprr.en. tii;icreni j^ljs, $35 and found
to $00. J75.
MECHANICAL.
IS BHICKLATEKS
for Seattle; your iare j:aij; usual wages.
Chipper, foundry, lar* $3. mine. $07 00.
Blacksmith, structural wcik. No. 1 Job.
Brink kiln setter, .575; 12 coopers. 12c each.
Flourman, blacksmith. San iiatco. $3 day up.
Blacksmith, no shot-mp, fare $1 2T>; $5o id.
Black&rnith or a woodworker, fare $2 50
53 Ch» day.
£S blacksmiths, horseshoers. etc., $4, $3 50.
$3, ?2 fiO day.
S> carpenter*, build barns, etc.. $3 SO day.
Blacksmith, machinist, Gov«i-nn^nt job, $75
and found
CAR BUILDERS.
36 car builders. ?9o a month.
25 slack coopers. J4i> «nd found.
ScaJer. luir.b r company, 5 ,"5; ofr'hrarer, J^2 50
Cement worker, R. R. company's own work.
?3 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C3H Clay st.
BLACKSMITH, country club, boss here, $40
found.
COLUSA COUNTY.
2t> laborers and team*tcrs, $37 50.
MURRAY & READY. C34-CT3 Clay st.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
45 cooks, different place?. $W, $75. $50. $40
f<uind.
Vi AITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
2<3 waiters, different places, $45, $40, $30,
S'JS fcur.d.
DISHWASHERS, PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
3fi dlEhwashers. different Jobs. $35, $30. $25
?20 and found
LAUNDRYMEN, BELLBOYS.
3S laurriry. all classes. $3. ,S2 50, $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs, $15,
S-20 ar.d found.
MURRAY &- READY, fi.?4-636 Clay st.
M ISCELLANEOUS.
2^ boys, learn trades, etc., S4, $5, $6 week.
2 young m«>n, oandy Ftorcc $C week found.
% LAUNDRY.
2 starch Ironfra. fant:i Pruz, $2 25 day.
Man work ab.mt duck preserve. $25 fd.. fare
paid.
MURRAY & READY. 534-65& Clay st.
A^ NEW WORK— FREE FARE.
155 Italians-. -
l'f> Portupuose.
155 Austrian?.
ITi. 1 ) Srant3-d« or Mexicans.
IBS Po!es. Hunp-nrians cr Russians.
$2 day: steadi jobs: roe us.
MURRAY & READT. i-utl-630 Clay st.
A— GREAT POWER COMPANY. ~
FREE FARE
p.cth Ways.
2."> laborers, water dam. $t7 50.
Steady joh year round: boss at cur office.
MURRAY &\u25a0 READY, 034-63<i Clay Bt.
EXTRA SPECIALS.
Shingle packer, south. $."0 and found.
I<s rarpfnterK buihl barns, sheds, etc.. fare
$:< 50. $:{ .",0 day.
Rani sawyer, fart- $1, $.1 SO day.
Screw turner,; tip carriage L. Co., $80 found.
Turner, band sawyer, fare $1.
LOOK.
Butter-mnker, north, fare paid. $40 found.
Man ninke Icecream. <n#n eggs, J.'JS found.
4 woodchovpet— , mine company, $30 found." -
WEAVERS. .
12 weavers m 'bip.nkctß.
MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay St.
WASHINGTON STATE.
YOUR FARE PAID.
25 mill, yard and woods men, $44 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-&S6 Clay st.
PORTLAND. OREGON.
55 yardmen, $44 and found.
55 wcoi'.fir.en, $52 50 arc round.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
MURRAY & READY. 6-'t4-63tj Clay St.
FARMER, handy with carpenter tools, bOBS
here, $.>5 and fcund.
(Jyfrierman. *45 to $50 and fcund.-
Milker, Crescent City, boss here, fare paid.
$<!5 and found.
20 laborers in San Francisco, $60.
LOOK.
"5 driller*, not far away, $C 7 50.
12 single hand miners, Northern California,
$2 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
HELP^WAXTED — FEMAI_S-^C«n^*~s^
WANTED — Toung women who are experienced
try eood« wraruers. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALv: BROS.'
A TOUNG woman who ts an experienced
cashier wanted. Apply between 0 ana n
a. in. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— A competent head trimmer and
workroom manager, who has had depart-
ment store experience; those who have not
served in like capacity need net OPP l **-.^ " te
*r4th full particulars to O. A. HA__ * <-V>..
San Jof . ;
W'Ats'TED— Yours women who are experienced
dry Eocdf bundle wrappers. - Apply between
» and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
AN eivcvabl* profitable outing; pick hops in
August: social rata tickets now ready;
S,nT» early is on;v a limited number can
X cold E CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122
Battery »t.
EXPERIENCED buttonhole operator on Singer
eewlng machine. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO..
Mr. Davla, 32',? Fremont ft.
RARBERS — Employ— tent and Siipplle-a.
BAEBEKS, TAKE NOTICE.
Speclal meeting Monday. August 7. Adop-
tion of by-awe. Ail must be present. $1
fine for non-attendance." JOS. R. BLEILY.
f 160— TWO-CHAIR barber chop, complete; in
Mission, good location; steady trade; low
rent; ir/ust be sold; bargain. COLEMAN, 311
James Flood building.
BARPEK e!np*. city and country: have several
lnqulrif* for fair paying shops; only those
that can etand investigation may apply to
D. STOLTZ. 723 Market Et.
BARBER shop, 1287 Mission »t., near Ninth;
$130 buys a good 2-chalr shop with 2 rooms
and bath.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for Saturday
end Sunday. 2408 California et.. near Flil-
2 raore.
GOOD barber wanted Friday afternoon and
Saturday. C 23 Clay tt
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; call Fri-
day morning. 354 Fourth et.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1316 La-
sur.a Et.
BARBER for Saturday at sf>s Fourteenth et..
Oaklanfl.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 20*
Third st.
GOOD barber wants wcrk nights and Saturday
and Sunday: steady. Box 83C7, Call office.
GOOD barber ivar.tE a steady Job Saturday
evening aftrr 7 and Sunday. Box 7716, Call.
FOR sale — Good 2-chair shop; a bargain; 1
chair steady. 5147 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER chop for sale;, 3 chairs; living
room*; rer.t ?12. 11M Howard st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for eale: ?IV>; 402
Brar.r.an st.. cor. Third; trade $30 we*k.
BARBER Ehcp for sale;, going East. 936*4
Howard «t. .
j ' l IOUSICS AND WA^'r^rs— -Continued.
I NEW and second-hand vehicles of all descrip-
| tions always on hand; also a large stock of
1 harness, ivUa ani whins. O'BRIEN &
| SONS, 500 Golden Gate aye. .
; NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
rc-ys and harness. LEIBOI.U HARNESS CC*.
j 211 Larkln St.. San Franciaco.
1 Al EXPRESS wagon. light camping wagon and
goc«rt f cr £a i e C heap. 532 Mission st.
j HOUSES TO LET.
I A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
; cular. G. H. UMBSEN & C 0.,20 Montgomery.
. FIVE sunny rooms end. bath; all modern 1m-
I provements; rent $20. 212 Vj Fourteenth St.,
J near Howard.
8-ROOM house: 1750 Alabama st.; rent only
$16. MADISON & BURKE.
COTTAGES TO LET.
J COTTAGE, 5 roorr.«: ?9; Mlsalon-st. cars to
s Crescent aye., en to First st. to right. Ap-
ply 17 Roscoe at.
COTTAGES FOR SALE. ,
CASTLE, PAYNE' 9c McLEOD, Inc..
3132 22d St., NEAR MISSION.
$2350 — Our bargain to-day: a nice little home,
4 rooms and bath; gas; enclosed porch;
high basement: large lot and fine garden
on level; only Vi block to cars; warmest
part of the Mission; only $500 down and
balance like rent; will go quick: come
• early.
INVALID CHAIRS.
I $500 TO $12,500 Interest paying water bonds
j at 8 per cent dis.: fine Inv't. Box 7734, Call.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel.Park 775.
LOST AND FOUND.
$50 REWARD tor one white and black spot-
ted hound, lost June 6, between Cloverdale
and Boonvllle. "G. W. M." tattooed In one
ear. Address SID OOSHONG, Cloverdale,
Cal.
LOST — On East st. last Friday, a blue valise
containing U. S. arnly discharge and disa-
bility paper, etc. ED O'DONNELL, room
44, 681 Mission st. : liberal reward.
LOST — A light bay horse: blind in left eye;
brand J 2 one side. Finder address JOE
| SOITO, Haywarde; Cal. . ;
IRISH Setter lost on Ashbury Heights August
1; Return to 179 Tremont aye. and re-
ceive reward. ' . .
LOST — Black pnaniel bitch, name "Gip'* on
collar; $115 reward return. 11 Beldeman.
LOST— St. Bernard dog; yellow and white. 397
> Sixth et.; tel. Mint 4551; reward.
! LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
*t., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladles, all who are i
sick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected: the
unfortunate helped: the most difficult case>
treated: every case taken; Immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will, cur* all cases of Irregularity; consult
• me; cave time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market st.; hours 9 a. m. till 0 p. m.
iMRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
coroplaintM and irregularities: Instant relief
| guaranteed 1 : 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re- |
lief guarantied. -Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 100SH Market . st.'., opposite Fifth,
| WOMEN'S diseases '\u25a0 and lrregularltifs cured In
I 24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail- \u25a0
i ure; no trifling: strictly private; elite patron-
J a«e .only. Dr. Sylvestet 's office, 1200 Market.
i DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable.
safe, primpt. for female Irregularities; relief I
J;or no fee; $10: hrs. 0-8. 850 Mkt. et.. suite 37
— — . I
I DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
If 1021 'A Market fet.V bet. fith and'7th: partlcu-;
j lar attention pnld. to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR/ GWYER. 511 A Le.avenwortn St..
! bet. Geary and ,o'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. PAVIE^ and Hindo Herbs;
\u25a0 . original method of treatment. ; 112fl" Market.
DR: .ROSEN," residence 2095 Folsom st.. corner
Twenty-»lxth: ladles.? relief or no fee: 810. '\u25a0':
\u25a0',%'/'.\u25a0 MUSEUMS. -....,-.: •-./:\u25a0.
DR.'LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market et., near SUt_/- '''
"REXRADIO" THE O-N-L-Y •'H'D RADI-
UM" HEALER ON EARTH; BENEFITS
«i;iCK_ OFTEN "INSTANT": CURES ARE
•THOROUGH. PERMANENT, ASTONISH-.
ING. "BEDRIDDEN PATIENTS." VISIT-
ED; N3NE NEED "DESPAIR." Consulta-
tion FREE: TERMS for treatment strictly
MODERATE f hour?. 2 to 6. 50f» Kearny st.
"REXRADIO" gives ADDRESSES of cured
patients; a proof of GENUINENESS.
LADIES, attention — Two competent ladies,
pupils nf Delsarte and Mme. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladies, wishing to
reduce their superfluous flesh; full informa-
tion. Call 1225 Geary at., flrst floor, or
phone East 4481.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
STAR hair rtmedy. tcnlc, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hairdress-
ers. Star Remedy Co.. SL'l Polk st.
NOTHING down. ?1 a week to keep w»U
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co.. 231 Post st
8 BRAND new tailcr-made men's suits, cost
$2.">. for $3 75. 440 Bush. nr. California Hotel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir \u25a0 poJtat cards prepaid
We. BACIOALUPI. 7Rfi Mission st.
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Mprkct st.. between Seventh & Elehth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
BUSINESS PERSONALS. .
REMOVAL — The Golden West Broom Factory
has moved (com 630 Clay st. to 723 same
street, above Kearny.
THYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth. •
.WONG WOO. the f<inrwus herb doctor — All dIA
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PILES CURED. f ~
PILES, . FISTULA, etc.— Cured to stay cured:
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance to business: 7000 cured; why not you?
no salve propoeltlon: Investigate. THOMAS
J. KISNER. M. P.. Columbian bldg.. S. F.
PARTNERS WANTED.
YOUNG man under 30. . with $50; agreeable,
profitable business: no experience necessary.
Box 7503. Call office.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market Bt.
PROPOSALS.
FAN FRANCISCO. CaL. August 1, 1905— Sealed
propr-salJ in triplicate, will be received here.
and at office of Qnarterraast-r, until II a.
m. August 30. 1905. and then opened, for
furnishing during the threw months ending
Dectmber 31, 19C3. forage and straw for
'Presidio of Monterey, Cal.; also at sarn*
• time, at this office only, for forage and
straw fcr Presidio of San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Francisco. Cal.. for ship-
ment to Honolulu. H. T. Government re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whele or in part. Preference given
lo articles of American production, condi-
tion* of price and quality (Including in the
trice of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being v equal, and such preference glven'vto ar-
ticles of American production produced! on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by th? public service there. AH In-
formation furnished on application to quar-
•ermarter at Presidio of Monterey, or to
undersigned. WM. S. PATTEX. assistant
quartermaster general, chief quartermaster.
U. S.» ENGINEER office, Flood building. San
Krancisco, Cal.. - Aug. 2. 1905. — Scaled 'pro-
posals for dredging in Oakland harbor. Cal..
will be received here until 12, noon. Tues-
day. September 5, 190.": Information on ap-
pllcatlon. W. H. HEUER. Cot.. Engrs.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith- Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher ; and lower prices; rentals. $2 50. The
' Typewriter • Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 603 Market.
THESE ARE GOOD.
READ THEM.
MACHINIST.
Machinist, sawmiil co.. uix>d Job. $105.
Blacksmith, carriage work. lare iisc. ?3 50
day.
ELECTRICIAN.
Electrician and lathe hand, mine, see boss
here, fJO.
Blacksmith, country shop, steady, $3 day.
Cobbler in shoemaker's repair work. $- 50
day, country.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, country planing mill, steady job, Jl
day.
Machine hand and bench hand, country mill,
steady. $'\u25a0'• 50 day.
Wood turner, country planing mill, fare $1.
$3 50 day.
Shir.gler. long job. country, good wages.
CORNICE MAKERS.
Eec boss here. Fare paid. See boss here.
«J cornice makers for Seattle, tare paid, see
boes here, ft hours day, H day.
TANK ERECTOR.
Redwool tank builder, long job, $4 to $4 60
day country.
Nurse for Institution, fare 15c, $25 fd.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, small hotel, fare 50c, ?Brt fd.
10 laborers to run car*, muck and general
work around mine, no experience needed,
you'll do. $60.
FREE FARE.
15 laborers around- rock crusher and quarry,
$60.
FREE FARE. •
20 laborers to help carpenters and general ;
laboring work around tLg~ plant, free fare,
$2 day.
Cook, mine," gcod job, couth, $00 and found.
Cook. camp, near city, FTench or Italian, $C 0
and found. *
CARPENTERS.
6 carpenters, company work, fare 50c, S3 day.
Riicker hand, country mill, south, $-1 50 day.
Bugpy washer, company stables, city, $15
; week.
Metal spinner, city factory, $2 50 to $3 day.
JJrickmaker, by contract.
Lamp maker, city Job. piec* 1 work. •
FREE- FARE.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
100 laborers, section and extra gangs.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-630 Clay St.
NIGHT nun--e. Government position. $25 fd.
Orderly man. Government pi.Mtlon, $25 fd.
Door boj- or elderly man, INSTITUTION. $30
Handy man around private school. 5-5 fd.
Driver, liquor wagon, city. $12 a week.
FOREMAN.
Foreman for a vineyard $35 to $40 found.
NEW MEXICO.
45 men and beys, box factory, different
wages.
SPECIAL,
Cook, lumber company boss here $50
EPECftAL CITY WORK."
25 laborers: ydu'll suit, $60. \u25a0 ' /-.-X
CARPENTERS' SPECIAL JOBS.
18 carpenters. Government work, Nevada
State. $105 a month; call early
Machine hand ani! ran sticker, fare $1> $4 a
day. .
Painter, in and outside work, city $2 60 day.
Plumber job, work, city, $2 W> day.
Brass finisher, city, $2 CO to $3 a day
2 painters, plain work $2 BO a day.
IN OAKLAND
25 laborers, "special Job, $CO.
18 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord.
Waiter, Eureka. $30 and found
Waiter. 10c fare. $10 a week.
MURRAY & TtEAPY. 634-636 Clay at.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied tin-
married men, between age% of 21 • and 33*
citizen? of United States, of good charactei
ar.d temperate habits, who can speak read
and write English. For information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rlalto building
New Montgomery gt.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Goo<l railroad telegraph operators.
Apply 223 Powell et., room 1.
HELP WAXTED — Ma'i.E — Continued.
EXPERIENCED office man wanted; must be
a good mathematician and write a goad,
legible hand. Apply betwten 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.*
BRIGHT boys from 14 to 17 years of age
wanted for stock clerks. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. 1
WANTED — Young men' to learn dry goods
t?UFlne9s. ADPIy between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS."
WANTED — Experienced cashiers for dry goods
store. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' '
WANTED — Young man with college education,
one who has taken up a special English
course, as an understudy to learn advertis-
ing-. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED drapery salesman wanted.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
PROP.' j
DRESS gouds salesman wanted: must be ex-
. perlenced. Apply between » and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS,' -
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops In
August; cpecla! rate tickets now ready;
am« early as only a llmlte-d number can be
sold. E. CLEMENS UORST CO.. 122 Bat-
' tery st.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $S0
to $150 per month salary paid our graduates:
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy, 26 O'Farrell st.
| WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
postoftjee, .Internal revenue, bookkeeper, Je-
partment clerk and other Government posi-
tions; particulars free; open day and eve.
Pacific Correspondence Institute, ICOS Market
WANTED — 100 men to circulate petitions for
hlgh^license at the polls on August S; will
pay ?2 for day's work; must be reglst»r»-d
voters, honest and thoroughly reliable. Ap-
ply room 11, 212 Sansome st., 8 a.m. to 5 pm.
FOUR or five good bench hands for planhtg
mill; must b«! good cabinet-makers and hard-
wcod finishers. Address Santa Clara Valley
Mill and Lumber Co.. box 230, San Jose.
WANTED — Bright yraths, 10 vear3 of a«e, for
office, wrapping desks and window dress-
er's assistants. Apply Superintendent* of-
fice. The Emporium.
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learning: call or write.' Glllmari's Itar-
ber College, U27 Clay st., near Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED—^First-class wood carver at ?4 00
per diem. Apply t»' Naval Constructor,
navy yard. Mare Island, Cal. \u25a0
WANTED — 3 laborers. Fourteenth aye. and N
st. South; take Kentucky-st. cars.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, for- Bound, south
coast. New York, Europe. Lane's, 504 Davis.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tallor'6 'cutter want-
ed.' Apply box 8044. Call office.
SAILORS and young men <green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st. ;
WANTED— Men to learn barb«r trade Tree.
San Francisco Barber College, 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullla, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet, G. A. R. •
MEN to go on chips to Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S, 27' Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 105 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; eewed soles 10 mln.. Tfic
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 49 2d St., r. 522. - .
WINCHESTER Hotel^ 44 Third st.. nr s Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church tst*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., ODDosite .
.Fifth. Otien until Up.m; ;..:
SALESMEN WANTED.: |
«- . - - \u25a0 -\u25a0— \u25a0 . . > _^ i
WANTED — Salesmen to sell KINLOCH !
HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A. ROOF _!
IRON PAINT to store*; experience unn«co»- I
sary; excellent alda lines; no samples/. Pa- !
cine Distributing: 8 Co., j 31S Sacramento St.,
Ban Francisco Cal. t -- r 4S&Ks«<^Bl£3K&* . I
\u25a0 LJ....I_J!IJ 1,...!,. ' — i
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A— FOR sale— One very fa*t pacer, and 3 good
young horses : 1300 pounds. 411 Sixth st.
AUCTION «ale of hcrses, - wagons and . harness
•very. Wednesday at U a.' m. 827 Sixth st.
ROAD TO MARKET." IT IS THE ROAD TO MARKET
I ' ' ' ' ' ~ ' \u25a0-\u25a0-... \u25a0 . \u25a0 jJ
•\u25a0\u25a0"5• . - \u25a0 y \
I
These Nut Bowls are six inches in diameter and four inches in depth; made in i
the same rich pattern as the highest priced cut glass. This premium will be a SEASON- 1
ABLE ADDITION to your collection of the Call's Near, Cut Glass Ware. |
; Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad I
Thursday, Friday or Saturday \u25a0 1
\ No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9^O*Clock Saturday Night, I
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE 3
Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadway 1Continued From Pace IS.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
ARRIVED.
Thursday. August 3.
Btmr Curacao, Paulson, 12 days from Guay
mas, via Enaenada 50 hours.
SAILED.
Thursday, Aurust 8.
Btmr Elizabeth. Jensen, Bandon.
Btmr Nome City. Hansen. Seattle.
1 DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Au» 3. 8:50 p m — Btmr
Edith, for Valde*.
Arrived Aug: 3. 9:30 p m— Stxnr Ohio, from
Nome. - *-
PORT GAMBLE— Balled Aus 3— Schr Oka
aogran, from San Pedro.
f PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Aug; 3 — Ger ship
Nixe, for Cape Town; schr Okanogan, for San.
Pedro; echr Forester, for Redondo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 3— Stmr La Tou
ralne. for Havre; stmr Bluecher, for Plymouth.
Cherbourg and Hamburg: stmr Parisian, for
Glasgow.
GLASGOW — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Cartha
genian. from Philadelphia,
HAVRE — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr La Lorraine,
from New York. \u25a0-" '* •
Sailed Aug 3 — Stmr Pomerian. for Montreal.
FIUME: — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Slavonla.
from New York.
; CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Grosser
' Kurfurst, from New York and Bremen.
Sailed Aug- 2 — Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm. for
New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Auc 3— Stmr Cltta dl
Torino, from New York; stmr Koenlgen Albert,
from New York for Genoa and proceeded.
: Sailed Aug 2— Stmr Algeria. Jor New York.
GENOA — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Prlns Adel
bert. from New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Aug 3 — Stmr Pennsyl
vaniar~from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug 3 — Stmr Domin
ion, for Montreal and Quebec; stmr Virginian,
for Montreal. ,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Car
pathla, from New York for Liverpool and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Aug 3 — Stmr Nordland. for Phila
delphia.
\u25a0 m \u25a0
EDDYVTLLE, N. V.. Augr. 3.— The nitro
glycerine house of the Nltro Powder Company
at Mlngo Holly, near here, caught fire this
afternoon and the contents of the building
exploded, destroying the structure. The men
employed in the nitro- glycerine department
ran from the building when the fire started
and all escaped injury except one man, who
was slightly hurt. 1,
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 3.— The French
and Russian commissions have reached a sub
stantial agreement as to the terms of a new
\u25a0commercial treaty. The French delegates left
to-day for Paris, after an audience with the
Emperor at Peterhof.
\u25a0 \u2666 \u25a0
. DULUTH. Aug. 3. — A. B. Loutzenhelxner,
absconding teller of the First National Bank
of this city, pleaded guilty In the Federal
court here to-day and was sentenced to five
years In the penitentiary.
LATE SHIPPING IXTEL-IGEXCE.
block bounded by U street, V street. Forty
fifth and Forty-sixth avenues; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Pierre Mayson
naye. lot on S line of V street. 57:6 E of
Fcrtleth avenue. E 50 by S 100; *W.
s Wendell and Carrie . Easton to Floride Wll
coxon, lot commencing: 120 E of Thirty-seventh
avenue and 100 N of X street. N 132:11}-, SB
S-S:3»^. SW 145, W 80; $10.
Maria A. Bruggemann to James XV. Merrill,
lot on N line of Stanley street. 25 E of Ver
non.' E 25 by N 100. lot 7. blocK 2tt. City Land
Association; $75. • -
Anna D. Joost to Johnny O. Rudolph. lot on
W line of Bixby street. 450 N of Garfleld
(Sherman) N 60 by W 100, lota 29 and 30.
bk'Ck 11. City Land Association; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Cath
erine Heinemann. lot in cemetery: $250.
Margaret Day (Kehoe) to Alfred D. Bower,
lot on N line of Stanley street. 100 W of Arch.
W 25 by N ICU. lot 5. block 26, City Land As
sociation; $10.
Conservative Loan and Investment Company
tj F. M. Goodrich. N 10 feet of lot 6 and 8 20
feet of lot 5. block G. Sunset Heights; $10.
David and Isabella Hushes to T. A. de Am
gone (wife of Joseph W.>, lot on N line of
L<-b<-s i tre^t PO F. o r Orizaba. E 50 by N 125.
lot 6, block' O. Railroad Homestead Associa
tion; $10. _
Bertha Broker to Dudley Crosa. lot on Xw
line of Mission street. 70 SW of Valencia. ETO.
25 by NW 100, Tiffany and Deaa Tract; $10.
Home Realty Company to City and Couaty
of San Francisco, lot on NW line of Mission
street, 208.952 SW of Rlchland avenue. S\v
65.62 thence W 531.045. thence SW 290.034.
thence NW 56.524 thence NE 287.90. thenct
NE 44.642. then NE 6(37.459. to be known as
College avenue; $5.
Alameda County.
James and Annie Wall (wife) to Mary
Koehler, lot on E line of Ninth (McPherson)
street. 210 N of Santa Clara avenue, N 83 by
E 150. Alameda; $10.
William A. or William O. and Anna J.
Walker to George F. Foye. N halt of lot
5 and all of lot 6, blcck R, map of resubdi
vision of portion of Roberts & WolfaMH Tract.
Oakland; $10.
J M. or James M. and Rose G. Curtis to
D. Scully, lot on E line of Union street. 100 f»
of Seventh (formerly Railroad avenue). B 100
by N E3:9, Oakland; ?10.
Adolph and Annie F. Zen Ruffln to E. J.
Evans, lot on W line of Willow Btreet, 120 N
of Eagle avenue. N 40 by W 138:4. block 13.
plan of subdivision of lots 1, 2, 3. 12 and 14.
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Martha M.
Watson (widow), lots 14 to 17. block B, lots
7 and 8. and SW 15 feet of lot 9. block X,
Thermal Hill, formerly Howe- Tract. Oakland;
$10.
Hans P. J. Pontoppldan to Annie M. Pontop
pldan (wife), lot on N line of Walton (or
Thlrty-flfth) street, 420:3 W of West. W 37
by N 12<»:3. portion of lot 28. block M. prop
erty of Central Land Company, formerly
Brown Tract. Oakland: gift. . " ;f •\u25a0
AGED VICTIM
OF INJUSTICE
Man of 85 Years Still Striv
ing to Induce British Gov
ernment to Kight a Wrong
BOABDS AT THE CECIL
Premier of New Zealand
Pays for tke Meals of
a Peddler of Matches
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, Aug. 3.— Victims of injustice
are many, but lew oi them have such a
romantic history as Jonn VV. Burt, a
little white-bearded old man' who sells
newspapers, boot laces and matches for
a jiving? sleeps in one of the London
County Council's cheap lodging-houses
ana feeds sumptuously three times a day
at the Hotei Cecil, one ut London's most
luxurious caravansaries. It is probably
due to th e fact that the requirements of,
his inner man are so abundantly satiatied
that Burt, despite his 15 years, endures
his lot with patient resignation and san
guinely awaits the day when his wrongs
will be righted and he will be restored
again to alttuence.
It is to Premie* -'Dick" Seddon of New
Zealand that the old man is indebted for
this strange tempering of the wind to
the shorn lamb. The picturesque colonial
statesman possesses the virtue of never
forgetting an old friend. Ht and Burt
were "pals" at the Ballarat gold dig
gings in Australia long years ago, and
for two years shared all the hardships
and luck that came their way. Then they
parted company and' did not meet again
until they accidentally ran across, each
other in London a few years ago. Burt
was then having a hard time of it to
keep himself out of the poorhouse and
Seddon was being feted everywhere as
one of the apostles of imperial unity.
That made no difference to the big-hearte
d Premier. He broke an engagement
with a titled nabob that he and the old
man might dine together at tha Cecil.
And when he returned to New Zealand
he left directions with tha proprietor
that Burt should be allowed to take what
meals he pleased there. The bills are set
tled by Seddon.
It was a trumpery dispute about a
watch that was the source of all the mis
fortune that has dogged Burfs footsteps
for the last seventeen years. For some
time after he and Seddon dissolved their
gold-prospecting partnership he pros
pered and acquired a valuable farm in
Tasmania. One day he sent a gold watch
to a watchmaker in Fingal to be repaired.
But the watch that was ' returned to him
was another watch and of Inferior qual
ity, according to Burt's story. The mat
ter was then taken into court. There the
magistrates urged Burt to accept a judg
ment of nonsuit and in\the presence of
a witness return the watch to the watch
maker and then sue again to recover his
own. Burt acted on their advice.
He got slugged for his pains by the
watchmaker and was laid up for several
weeks in consequence. Then he sued the
watchmaker for assault, claiming heavy
damages. When the case came up for
trial it was discovered that, instead of a
judgmena of nonsuit, a verdict had been
entered against" Burt. ,In view of this
the court dismissed his claim, with costs
•amounting to over $1000.
Since then Burt's life has been one long:
struggle to obtain a rehearing of the
case. That a wrong verdict had been
entered was admitted, but, as the legal
authorities of Tasmania interpreted 'the
lav/, there was no way by which the
wheels of justice could be revolved back
ward and the wrong verdict changed into
a right one. The watchmaker had a big
political pull and that was exerted against
Burt to the utmost. In the fight, Burt's
farm was gobbled up by the lawyers and
his means utterly-exhausted. Finally the
Attorney General of the colony declared
that the wrong verdict co.uld be ex
punged and the right verdict substituted
for it only through a special act of the
Imr -rial Parliament and the royal-as
sen> thereto.
Punlic feeling in behalf of the old man,
who had been beggared in his efforts to
obtain justice, was strongly aroused in
Tasmania. A fund was raised to enable
him to come to England and prosecute
his claim here. \He arrived In 1599. He
appealed to Queen Victoria, to the Privy
Council, to the House of Lords and to
King Edward, and the only result has
been an accumulation of 'documentary
evidence that would nearly fill a furniture
van. j The wrong verdict still stands
against him. No compensation for a for
tune-dissipated in striving to get it set
right has been awarded him.
But, sustained by the bountiful fare
provided for him through Seddon's gen
erosity, the old man continues his gal
lant fight against legal red tape and cir
cumlocution. He declares that he will not
return to Tasmania until he has obtatned
a decision one way or the other. The
chances are that he will be dead and
probably be buried in a pauper's -grave
before it is reached, i* »
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Esperanza ... — OllQulncy 03 05
Gold Reer M. — 25 Ray & O'Brien 06 . 07
Gold Reer Ex — 26 Rotbwell — 26
Kawlch &B. — 13! Silver Peak .. — 17
Kawich Gold. — 05 Southwestern.. — 27
Kawlch MCo — 18 Sylvanla . — 20
Llda Hawk .. M . — Tokop Con ... — 03
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were, the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. ni. Session.
500 Belcher 18! 100 Mont Ton .^..3 00
200 C Eureka.. 1 07%! 1000 Nat Bank 23
200 Challenge ... 23 500 Ohio 32
300 Con Va M Co.l 35 500 Ton Cash Boy 16
500 Diamondfleld. 40" 500 Ton Mdwy slO.l 50
1500 Eclipse 3011000 Ton N Star... 53
500 Home CSW 100 Union Con 43
6500 Home Con,bls 09' 700 West End ...1 05
500 Jumbo M,s3o. 74 1000 Wonder 02
2500 MacNamara.. 43]
11 a, m. Session.
3000 Blue Bell ... 04 200 Mexican 135
20C0 Brown Hope.. 16 600 Mont Ton 3 00
100 Chollar 1& 500 Nat Bank 25
100 Chollar 18 500 N Bank, b 60.27
200 Con Va M Co.l 35 400 Ophlr 7 00
500 C Point. s3O. 1211000 Orlg Bullfrog. 25
2000 Eclipse 30[ 100 Orl ff Blfg. sls 25
500 Gold Anchor.. 83 400 Savage fill
1500 Gold Anchor.. S2| 1100 Sierra Nev 88
1000 Gold Mt 13 1500 St Ives lti
2000 Jumbo M Co. 7015000 Ton Cash Boy 10
1000 MacNamara.. 43! 1300 Union Con 43
2 p. m. Session.
2500 Black Butte.. 25 2000 Jumbo M. sls 70
2500 Blfg Anx, b6O 05 2300 MacNamara... 43
300 Chollar 18 500 Mexican ....1 32 «4
500 Diamondfleld. 38 ICOO Mohawk ..... 16
2500 Gold Anchor.. 80 1000 Nat Bank .... 25
1500 G Anchor. blO 80 500 Orlg Bullfrog. 25
3000 Home 06 100 Savage... 67
10.000 Ind Ton ...01% 500 Union Con "43
1000 J Butler, s 10 73 1800 West End ...1 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Andes 17 IS Gould & Cur. 18 19
Belcher 1« — Hale & Norc. —2 C 5
Best & Belch.l 25 — Mexican ....1 Z2Yi 135
Caledonia ... 45 — Occidental 125 —
Challenge ... 20 — Ophir 700 7 12>4
Chollar '. — . 19 Savage 75
Con Va M Co.l 30 135 Sierra Nev. ... 37 38
Con Imperial. — 01% Silver Hill 90 —
Crown Point.. 14 — Union Con 42 43
Exchequer ... 50 — | Yellow Jacket. 21 —
Tonopah District.
Belmont ...1 17% 1 20 Mlzpah Ex ... — ,15
California ... 07 — Mont Ton ..3 00 3 02%
Cash Boy ... 10 —NY Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. 74 77 North Star 52 54
Great Westrn M 03% Ohio — 34
Home ....... 05 07 Paymaster ... 03 —
Home' Con".. 08 11! Rescue 06 08
Ind Tonopah.. ni% -.'ls Nev Dev... — *6
Jim Butler .. 71 751 Ton Exten ...5 25 —
Lucky Tom.. — 1 7! Ton. of Nev. 13 50 —
MacNamara.. 43 44 United' Ton .. — 15
Midway ...1 50 1 02%|west End...l 00 1 07%
Goldfleld District.
Adams 04% 051 Jumbo Ex ... 18-20
Austin — 31|Kendall i...... J3 14
Black Butte.. 24 — [Lone Star ... — 12
Blk Butte Ex — 04%! May Queen .. — 21
Black Rock.. 02 0! Mohawk . — 20
Blue Bell — 06 N«v Goldfleld. .18 ' —
Blue Bull ... 07 15 Oakes 04 OS
Brooklyn C 2 05 Oro — 04
Columbia Mt. 17 —Pa Goldfleld.. •— 01%
Diamond .... — 15 Red* Lion . . 7. 04
Diamondfleld. 37 39 1 Red Top 36 38
Dixie. 15 —I Red Top Ex.. 03 ,—
Frisco. — 20! Stives -.. 15 16
Gldfld.G Dust 11 13| Sandstorm .... 60 05
GldfldL Star. — OS! Sandstorm Ex. — 1J
Goldfleld Nev. — 57! Silver Pick .."\u25a0—\u25a0 13
Jumbo M Co. 70 75]Slmmerone .. . 20 —
Bullfrog District. ". "
Amargosa ... — lOjLlge Harris... 02" 03
Beatty Blfrg. — 11 Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Bullfrog Anx. — 07 Orlg Bullfrog. 24 25
Bullfrog Belle 08 — Shoshone 11 —
Bullfrog Mln. — 80 Vista Grande.. — 12
Bullfrg NBk 24 26| Wolverine \u0084..;— n
Eclipse .: 28—|
. Other Districts
Brown Hope.. .—. — 151 Ray & O'Brien 05% 08
Esperanza ... 00% 01) Roth well ..... — 25
Free Gold ..., — 10| Silver Peak .. — '21
Gold Mt Con. — 02! Ton Berkeley.. — 29
Kawlch Gold. — 101 Ton Gold Mt.. — .-15
Pine Grove ..20 ••.25! \u25a0 .
Stnnll Dividend for Creditor*.
CI.EVEIiANJV Aug.; 3.— Creditors of
Mrs. Cassie .- I_-< Chadwlck • wil! receive a.
total-dividend of ' 7 mills on the dollar
when the ' matter Is finally settled. Net
assets will amount to about $250,000,
against $2,000,000 indebtedness. " ..-.;.: \
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Henry J. Hardy. Jr.. of
New .York; formerly 'a \u25a0 broker on the. Chicago
Board \u25a0of Trade, filed . In the Federal -District
Court to-day a -petition In bankruptcy,:, sched
uling liabilities of $»7,000 and asset* of $3700.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 3.
' Golden Gate Real Estat« Company to James
Brain, lot on W line of Franklin street. 30 S
of O'Farrell. S 27:6 by W 87:6; $10.
Leopold and Sarah Weinstein to S. Ducas
Company lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue.
55 W of Scott street. W. 27:0 by S 110; $10.
William J. McKillop to George- C and Mary
E. McDonald, lot on E line of Clayton street.
70 N of Waller. N 25 by E 00; 510.
i Same to Katherlne Crowley. lot on N line
of Waller street, 170 E of Clayton, E 25 by
N 137:6; $10. \u25a0
Leopold Michels ef al. to Manfred Branden
eteln, lot on E line .of Shot-well street, 125
5 of Fifteenth. E 122:6 by S 75: $10.
Annie M. Tuttle to Andrew B. Knox, lot on
NE corner of Liberty and Dolores streets N
76:6 by E 75: $10.
•William and James O'Brien and Mary P.
Fragley to Joseph J. - Powers, lot on ' N line
of Twenty-sixth street, 100 E of Church, E
50 by N 114; $10.
„ Richard MuCann (trustee of the estate of
Catherine McCann) to John and Ellen O.
Lundholm, lot lon E line of Church street.
101:6 S of Jersey. S 25 by E lit; $10.
Tlllie and M. J. Rudolph Mohr to Gabriel
Franchlnl. lot on S line- of Twenty-fourth
street. 101:9 W of Sanchez, W 25:5 Vi by S
114; $10. - • i
Louis Bartlett to Sarah B. Cox lot on 8
line of Elizabeth street, 305 W of Xoe W
25 by S 114. and property out of county, quit
claim deed; $10. : .
Harriet S. and Gustav A. Fudlckar or Fudl
car to John Rosenfeld's Sons, undivided one
twelfth of lot on N- corner of Fourth and Na
toma streets. NW 51:2 by NE 82:6; $10. ._
Charlotte J. or V. and H. J. Brand to same,
undivided flve-twe'lfths of same; $10
Mathllde E.- D. • and'- Frieda H. Joost to
John H. - Mitchell, lot .on E line of York
(Hampshire) street, 175 N of .Nineteenth
(Butte), N 75 by E 100: $10.
Henry C. and Wllhelmlne Flick to George
and Madßllne J. Kltto, lot on W line of Ver
mor». ftre-t ?C0 N of Twenty-third N 33:4
by W 100; $10. .
George >W. Turner to E. S. Ralney, lot on
W line of Sixteenth " avenue. : 225 S of Lake
Btreet, S 25 by ,W 120; $10.
• :.Thomas , L.'; and ' Catherine Hill., to R. E.
Filcher. lot on- E' line of Fourth avenue, 150
N of A street. N 25 by E 120; $10.=
\u25a0 Solomon and • Dora Getz to. Walter B. and
Eliza . M. Van Kirk, lot on NE corner of Six
teenth avenue and C street, N 118, E 21:6, S
118:5, -jW. 23; $10.
J. Frank, and Marea Walters to Solomon
Getz lot on SW corner of \u25a0 FoTty-flrst avenue
and.H street. W 32:6 by S 100: SlO.
: Solomon and Dora : Getz to Felix H. Irvine,
same: -$lO.
• Owen McCooey ; (administrator of the estate
of ; James McCooey) to Bernard* P. Lapachet.
lot on AY line of Forty-fifth avenue. 125 S of I
street. S 25 by JV 120; $850. ;\u25a0
Jacob - and . Bertha -- G. \u25a0 Welssbeln toy Waltet
W. \u25a0 Gollln. .lot- on -SW corner of Thirty-fourth
avenue and O street. W 107:6 by S 100: $10.
, Annie O. McCarthy to Jacob Heyman Com
pany, lot on S line r , of T street. S2:«',E of
Forty-fifth : avenue. \u25a0 E 50 by S 100;; also lot on
6 line of U. street. 57 U> Wof Forty-second ave
nue. iW; 25. by. S 100; $10. :• %<*.'< ".,"
• James Brown to , Parkslde Realty Company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, luuo. '
14
nAIIAVAV TRATEt.
# Trains leave and ar« dtt* «
to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fbo- Jess 23, 19081 V
Febsy Dxfot
(Foot of Market Street.)
1,-atk- MAIN LINE. -AMtrr.
7.00 a Klmtm. V«cavl!!c, Winters, Runner 7.48P
7.00 a ICtcnmond. Benlcla, Sacramento,
bui«nn and Way Stations 7.23»
740a Vallejo,' Xapa, Calistoga, Santa
ltu«», Martinez, s-.tr. llamon 6.03*
7.40 a Nil es, Fleasanton, LI verm ore,
Tracy, Latnrop, Stockton 7.23p
B.ooa Shaaia Express — (Via Davis). •
WJHlams. Willows. tFruto, Bed
Bluff. Portland. Tscoma, Seattle. 7.48f* ,
B.ooa DavK Woodland, Knlz&U Landing,
Marya»u:e. Ororllle 7.48P
8.20 A Martinez. Aatlocn. Bjron, Tracy.
Stockton, Ne—mso. — o* Banos,
Mendota. Armona. Hanford. \u0084«,__
Vlsalla. Porterrllle i 2"!io»
8 20a Port Costa. Latbrop. Merced. Mo- ' «-*3<»
Uesto, Rarmond, Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalla, Bslcerslleld 4 43»
8 40a N!le«. San Joae. Llrermore, Stock-
ton (fMllton), Valley Spring.
loae, Sacramento. PlacerrUle,
Colfax. Marrirllle. Red 81a5 .... 4.33*
B.4oa Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestowa,
Sonora, Tuolamne and Angeli... 4.035»
9-COA Atlantic Express— Ogden aad East. 4.28f»
940 a Rientnond. Port Costa. Mar 1 1 na 2
and Way Stations (tConcord) .... 8.48;*
1020 a Vallejo, Dally. Napa, Sundar oal- 7-48*
10.20aLo» Angele* Passenger — Pors
Costa. Mar:la«. Byron. Tracy,
L atbro-p, Stockton, Morcad,
Raymood. Fresno, Goihen Jnno-
tlon. Has ford. Leaocre, Ylsalia,
Bakersfleld, Los Anzelei 7-OB*
1 0.20 a El Paso, Kazuu Cl:y , S c Louis and
C-1car0..... 7*o3*
lI.OOATne Overland Limited— Omasa,
Chicago, DenTer. Kansas Cltr... B-48>
1 1.40 a yilei, San Jose aad War Station*. 2.48?
Ti -00p Sacramento Hirer Steamers ....... t11.00»
3.40P Benicla. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodlaad. Kntgbts Landing.
Mary*Tlll» aad OroTill« 10.43 a
3.4opHaywaxd. Nllen, and Way Stations 7.43*
4-OOp Vallejo, Martinez. San Ramon.
\ Napa. Csllstoga, Santa Rosa 0.28 a i
4.00 pNlles, Tracy, Stockton. Lodi „ 1023 a
4.403 Uay ward. Klles. Irrlngton, SanT +9.43 a
I Jose, LlTermore j fII.4SA
B.OOPThe Owl Limited— Ne— man. Los
.' Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tolar«v
I Bakersfleld. Lo» Aagales 1.4& A
6.COp Chicago and St. Lonii Special— El
Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cnicago 1.45,4
ts.2opHayward, Nlleaand San Jose 7.08 a
s.2op Vallejo. Port Costa. Benicla, Sal-
V son, Sacramento : 11.23 a
COOp Eastern Kxnress — Omaha, Chicago,
Denrer, Kansas City, St. Lonla,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks, Montallo, Ogden .. 12,43»
i.2opHiy— ard, Nlles aad Saa Joss ...... 1.44 a
7.oopßeno Passenger— Port Costa, B«-
nlcia. Sulson. Elmlra, Dlxon,
Davls,Sacr3in»nto. Sparks, Tono-
, pah, Goldfleld and Keeler 7.^
[7.40»»P0rt Costa, Martlnez.Brron.Tracy.
> Modesto. Merced. Fresso 12.08>
j7.4oPYosemlte and Msrlpo»a Btff Trees
. (rla Raymond~Wawona Route).. 8.43 a
!7.4opVaneJo, Sunday only 11.28 a
i8.20p Oregon _ California Express — Sao-
v ramento. Marys-rllle. Reddlas.
j, Portland. Pnset Sound and East. 8.48 a
tt.OOpHayward. Nlles and San Joss (Sun-
: day 0n1y)... 111.48*
COAST -LINE (Harrow Haas;.).
\u25ba (Foot of Markat StreaO
\7-45ABanta Crui Excursion (Sunday
> only) * 8-13-
B.lSANewark, Centervllle, San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz end Way Stations 553?
t9.lsA3>wark, San Jose. Feltoa. Boulder
Creek, Santa Cruz t7B3i»
tX.lßpKewark, Centerrllle, Saa Joae,
"/- New Abnaden. Los Gatos, Felton.
• Boulder Creek. Santa Crui and
Principal Way Station 10.65 a
4.l6pNe— ark, San Jose, Los Gatos,
Wrijrbt tBss*
4.lspSaturday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek, Saata Cmz 68 53 A
COAST LINE (Itroad 1.4 m;.).
B ""(Third and To— nsend Streets.)
6.10 a San Jose and Way Stations 8-30P
tT.OOASan Jo-ie and Way Stations 5.4Qf»
7.1 saMonterey,a Monterey, Santa Cruz Excursion
(Sundayonl7) 10.10p
B.ooa New Alir.adea (Tnes., Frl., only).. 4.105»
B.ooa The Coaster— San Jo«e. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Sauta
Margarita. San Luis Obispo.
Gusdalnpe. Gavlota. Santa Bar-
bara, Saa Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burbanfc, Lo* Anfreles 10-30)"
B.ooa Gllroy, Hulltstcr, Castrorllle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf,
Lompoc 10-30*
> 9.00 a San Jose, Tres Pinos. Watsonrllle.
Capitola. Santa Crcz. Pacific
Grove. Sallaaa. San Lais Oblspo
and Principal Way Sti-.ttons J 4.105*
ttJ-OQALos Gatos. Wrlffht. Boulder Creek,
via Santa CUra and Narrow
Gangs t7-40p
10.30 a Saa Jose and Way Stations I.2CP
11.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 7.40P
2.1 5p San Jose and Way Sut lons 8.38 a
t3.OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara.'
San Jose, VTauonvlile, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Grove t12.18>
t3.o3pLos Gatos. Wrlstht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge 10.45 a
3.33pSouth San Francisco. San Joae,
GJlroy, Holllater," Tres Plnos.
\u25a0WatBonTllle,Capitola.S3ntaCruz,
Salinas, Monterey. Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4-30pSan Jose and Way Stations t7.50A
tB OOPSanta Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos,
Wright t9.OfU
15-30 P San Jose and Principal Way Stations 59.40 a
6.4sP Sunset Express— Redwood, San
Jo«e, Gllroy. Salinas, Paso
j Robles. San Luis Oblspo, Bants
? Barbara, Los Angeles, Demtng,
El Paso, New Orleans 9-1 3a
6-45pEI Paso. Kansas City. S- Louis,
, Chicago 10.30P
s.4spPaJaro, Watsonville. Capitola.
Santa Cruz. CastroTille. Del » JIO.IOp
Monte, Pacific Grove f ti0.30~
tB>lSPSan Mateo, Beresford, Belmont,
San Carlo.-*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.4B*
6.30P Sun Jose and War Stations 8.38 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto and War Stations 10.1SA
11.30P South San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur*
- Uagame, San Mateo, Belmont, .
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
- f Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45p
11.30pSaturd*ys on!y far Marfleld. Moun-
tain View, Sunnyvale, Lawrence,
Santo Clara and Saa Jono t9.48P
OAKLAND HARBOR (ERRY
(Foot of MarnetSC>
1 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 8.18 p. m,
A for Morning. P for Afterooon.
fSunday excepted. tSonday only.
•Monday oaly.
tPally. and stops at all stations on Sunday.
|CMICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
I Leaves Mondays and Thursdays at s
g^ 9:30 a. m. wltn_Dlners and Slegpam. J
Other Santa Fe Trains:
8 -00 v n_ i For Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:30 a. m-J Merced. Hanford and VlsalU.
4 :0O p. m. For Stockton.
7 :S0 a. m. J Direct connection for Yosemit*
9:30 a. m. " Valley and the Biz Trees.
9 :30 a. m. $ For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
8 :0O p. m. ' and Chicago.
8:30 a. m. J For Oakdala and points oa Slerr* _
I Railway.
Ticket Offices— Bs3 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oate>
land. Cal.: also 27 South First. San Jose.
?*|pp|p_^|fl!< To SAN RAFAEL*
iSMSagSI ROSS VALLEY, 1
Vi v*- A ?T'T Vt t?v -" *'* TITTT T \7 TT\u25a0_ -I
P^l^i CAZADERO, Etc.
S^ti^K^^*-^* Via Sausallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE-
Depart week aays at ?:w^ 7:43. 5:23. »:10^
9:50. 11:00 a. m. : 12:20 1:43. 3:15. 4UU. 3:l*
6:50. e:3O. 7:13. *•<*>. 10:13 and 11:33 p. n_
Depart Sunday* aad holidays at 7:13. 7:43.
8:13. 8:45. »:15. »U3. 10:13. 10:43. 11:13, 11:45 .
a. m.; 12:15. 12:43. 1:13. 1:43. 2:13. 2:43. 3:13.
8:45. 4:18. *:«. 0:13. 0:40. 8:13. «:43. 7:13.
(7:45. 8:15 for tsausallto only). 0:00. 10:13.
11:33 t>- «n.
For Fairfax, week day* — T:43 a. m.. 3:13
p. m.. 5:13 p. m. Sundays aad holidays— '
7:43. 8:43. 9:13. J0:13. 11:43 a. m.. 1:15 p.- m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. daily— Ca_*dero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sunday* and Holidays — Point
I Reyes, etc.
3:15 p. rru daily (except Sunday ) — For Caii-
1 cero. «tc.
5:15 p. m. daily (except Sunday)— For Point
J'.eyes, «tc.
8:15 p. m. Sundays and Holiday* for C_s_*
dero. etc. taap VSWMI
TICKET OFFICTJ-630 Uarket st.
TERRY— Union Depot, foot of Marfct »t. 7
Weekly Gall
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
i rc°.°- MS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
| WOLF HOUSE, Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
t known transient house in city: cl~an. neat;
charges rtcEonabie; central location coni-
-. 1 mends it to traveling public: cafe attached:
cars jiass door. G. H. yon der Mehien. prop
' I WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 .Id St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 7C<» rooms,
r ! 3.'c to S! 50 nightly. $2 to 98 week: elevator,
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus, baggage.
A P.RANCH office of The Call fcr the reception
1 cf advertisement!" and subscriptions has been
' opened «t 10OS Market St.. c»uosite Fifth.
Or*n until 11 p. m.
ROOMS A>'D BOARD.
A^^HOTEirTIAirLBO^OUGH. 404 Eddy St..
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
• I date; light, tunny and rtlry; hair mattresses:
1 I free bath«; everything elegant, fresh and
' ' clean; table unexcelled; ratee \ery reaton-
' ! aLlo: must be reen to be appreciated; located
I In the heart of the city— 4o4 Eddy St.— 4o4.
I ! 'Best mealf in the city."
1 i ELLIS 45-1 — Nice furnished r'oomF. with best
I Kroner, table board. 3JME. TEUCE.
I ! RAUSCB S3. bet. Seventh and Eighth — Ronm;
i'\u25a0 good German board; homelike; $1S month.
! JOHNSTON. THK, <JO5 O'Farrell— Sunny saites
ard sinrle rms: excellent hoard; rwfettac*!
i Old Stevenson M«n«lcn. $07 California st. : new
cari-rts and interior: exceptional table; mod.
ROOMS A.VU BOARD WAXTED.
i BOARD and room wanted near City Hall foi
i two Chinese Government rtudenta In the
I Hastings Law Co'.lece; not more than $25 a
menth." App!y REV. ERNEST BRADLEY.
83S Fxiiton St.. Sen Francisco.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
X^EMPORIUM Storage 4 Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co., fi<M
Van Ness aye.- Phone East 448. Storage,
moving, packing: cut ratrs on freight.
CONKLIN'9 Horace; furniture and merchan-
diFC; Golden Gute <fc Larkin: phone East U'tt.
i PACIFIC Storagt and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
PIERRE— RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and FUlmore; tel. West S2S.
BEKINS Van irtid Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main I^lo. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPMES.
! BARGAIN days at the White Co.'s office.
Shopworn machines, dropheads, equal to new.
at inc-thlrd usual price. Used sewing ma-
chines, cood ones, of other makes, at from
I $:t m $H. 315 Market »t.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; b*st
is cheapest: suconii-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic oflW. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kind* second-hand. $3. $5. $S; slightly
us*d. $10 $15 and $20. You know where
dol!s swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con., Giant Station, Cal. — A dividend.
No. 80. of fifty cents per share on the issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
clared payable at the San Francisco office
of the company, roomi 202. 204 and 206 Kohl
building, on August 10. 1905 ; transfer books
close August 3. 1905. at noon. C. C. QUINN,
Secretary.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF DTsSOLUTioN~bF PARTNER-
SHIP— The firm of C. A. Henry & Co., a
special partnership, carrying on an insur-
ance business, has been dissolved by mu-
tual consent, the same to take effect at
midnight of July 31. 1906. C. A. Henry will
continue to conduct the business under the
same name and at the same place, assume
all liabilities and be entitled to all assets
tnereaftor. WINFIELD S. DAVIS.
C. A. X ENTRY.
Witness. BURT L. DAVIS.
CARDS AAD INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding Invitations' visiting and
business cards, crest etc. ; high-class work at
moderate rates. J.H.buncan.l2o Kearny.r.l-t
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Arthur V. Sherry. 21. 3355 Clay street, ana
Cecilia D. Harnett. 18. 660 Waller street.
Harry HilL 3t5. 120 Sutter Btreet. and Jose-
phine Mainhart. 30, 1003 Lombard street.
Otto A. Qlos, 21, 318 Fourth street, and
Elizabeth E. Blohm. 18, IS Clara street.
Dj.viil R Carroll, 32. 233 Natoma street, and
Henrietta Anderson, 25. 225 Natoma street.
Herbert Fleishhacker, 32. 2110 California
Btreet. and May B. Greenebaum. 20. IBUo Pa-
cific avenue.
Albert M. Morris, 23 405 Capp street, and
Rosie is. Regli. 16. 920 Harrison street.
John P. Campe, 56, 1605 Mission street, and
Anna Kreye, 50. Alameda.
Henry Sauvola, 29, 1 Ewer place, and Joae-
flna Suomela, 21, 1 Ewer place.
George- Canty, 21, S9O Eddy street, and
Sarah Swallow. 21, 951 Eddy street.
Thomas Smith, 21, city, and Mary Godfrey,
18. city.
Yakichl Maeno, 34, Alameda, andJTatuyo
Noda, 24. Kurume. Japan.
William Becker, 35, 2759 Twenty-fourth
street, and Anna M. Hlxson, 33. Stockton.
Charles R. McGurn. 25. Oakland, and Ma-
thilda Jaspar, 16. 158 Julian avenue.
Archie E. Kendall. 24, 501 Castro street, and
Bertha E. Hushes, 16. 2320 Larkin street.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inaerted. They must be handed
in et either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
«cnn authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted rtmply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
HORN.
GALLAGHER— In this city. August 1, 1905, to
the wife of Joseph F. Gallagher, a son.
HUGHES— In Oakland, July 28, 1905, to the
wife of D. F. Hughes, a son.
MONNIER— In this city, August 1, 1906, to
the wife of George H. Monnler, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BOWMAN— REID— In this city, August 1,
1905, by the Rev. W. E. Dugan, Charles F.
Bowman and Hannah Elizabeth Reid, both
of San Francisco.
BUCHANAN— MORGAN— In this city. July
29. 1905. by the Rev. Father Barry, John A.
Buchanan and Florence C. N.^ilorgan, both
of San Francisco.
INKSTER— RODQERS— In this city, August
2 1905. by the Rev. Herbert N. Bevler.
George William Inkster and Henrietta Rod-
gers. both of this city.
WEISS— KLEIN— In this city, August 2, 1905,
by .the Rev. F. , W. Fischer, pastor of
Emanuel Evangelical Church, William
£velss of San Francisco and Theresa Klein
of New York.
DIED.
Aschhelm, Elizabeth. Knust, Henry. J-
Brennan, Thos.W., 83. Laidlaw, Dr. H., 46.
Brown, Rachel. Lennon, John.
Busch, John A., 15. Lennon, Elizabeth. *•
Cole, Elsie M.. 7. McGushln, Lizzie, 52.
Daviee, Mary A. McQuillan, James, 35.
De Wit, Albert P.. 90. Mikulicich. Angelina,
Dillon, Wm. J., 57. 25.
Dolores. Sister M. llunpon. Samuel J.,70.
Eckelmann, Mrs.Ellz- O'Relly, Mary. 62.
abeth, (Si. Pallle, Kate, 24.
Flynn, Mary, 50. Perotti, Domlnlque.32.
Freudenthal, H.T.. 26. Reinke. Charles, 62.
Gilmore, Caroline, 81.. Robinson. Wm., 70.
Hnsan. John J., 78. Schwlns, John.
Hartman, Rlcka. ' Scott, George W., 24. •
Haskell, Geo. W., 66. Sllveira, Manuel, SO.
Healy, Margaret, 70. Walsh, Mary, 75.
Hetheringtcn, H., 76. Webster. Benjamin.
Heywood. Harry A. Wendell, Emma, 55.
Kelly, Annie J., 22.
ASCHHEIM— In this city, August 3, 1905.
Elisabeth Aschbeim, beloved wife of I. J.
Aschheim, and daughter of Jacob Flcisch-
inan. and sister of Mrs. M. J. 11. Wolf, Mrs.
I. Aug«om and N. Y. and M. R. Flelach-
man. a native of California. (Pacific Coast
papers please copy.)
EJPNotice of funeral hereafter.
BRENNAN— In thin city, August 2. 1905. at
his residence, 1G69 Washington street.
Thomas W. Brennan, a native of Brooklyn,
N. V.. aged 83 years.
E7Thc funeral will take Dlace from the
i
I HENRY Ji GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagnn 4c Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
M Filth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embatmera
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
NOW at 566 MISSION. Tel. South 16T
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth •_•
Finest Equipments at Moderate Ratee.
3PL.OTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
exchanged for Plots -in
MT. OLIVET CEMETERY.
For particulars apply at City Office,
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'XTS
lICRK-LKV HOUSES TO I_3T. '
FDR rent— Handsomely furnished houee of 15
rooms in fine location; 4 bathrooms, ballroom.
tenr.i* oourt: Urge and beautiful grounds;
cvmir going abroad: references required. Ad-
dres* F. H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147 Center
it.. Derkelcy. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROA*DWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
IF you are looking for something nice, artistic, ;
- ith rustic porches, n*w and with the latest t
plumblnc and in an flegant neighborhood. |
containing 7 rooms and bath, every room ;
eunny and near Key Route, with terms «-ai>y. :
t'U ( < to $50f> down, balance $30 per month. ;
then go at once to 912 33d 6t.. bet. Market j
ft. and near San Pablo avp. and there you i
will fliirt a gem. Take the Kry Route train. !
get off at fan Pablo and 40th St.. go south j
4 blocks, to this house; there you will find j
the owner and the key and the price <>f «^< '\u25a0
jiror^rty ro reasonable and cheap you will b* ;
thoroughly ratisfled.
Thl.- p!a<-e is not for rent. Must he sold.
ISOQ^-CHOfCB re-idenc«> lot on high pound
In hfart cf Oakland'? b«-«t residence distri-t; ;
<tw*ep'n£ marine and nil! view; verj acres- !
Kible; close to cars and Key route st«t;o->.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT, IC6O
Broadway. Oakland. ;
$^CSC— A 2-STORY 6-room house; open for !n- j
Fraction frcm 1 to 3; number of house. 1J26 j
Earn Eleventh st.. East Oakland.
OAIvI.AVIJ FIRXITCnE FOR J^'E.
TO-MORROW the day for bargain* In furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th Et . cor, ttore. Oakland.
San Francisco Adrert's'ents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
'BRYANT. *2l— Two eunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for houwkteplntr: gas: *16.
CLAY. LSS3, near Jones— Nicely furnished
apartments for housekeeping; 1. 2 or 3
ri«mf. ?14 to 52D; private residence.
ELI.!P. flll— Front bay-window suite; n'.ceiy
fura.; tunning water; batii; qutet; rea*.
FKLL.. .'its — 4 rooms furnished complete fur
hnmrfkeeping.
F'";I'RTH. 225 — Furnished rooms for hous«- i
J:(jeji:r.e: also s:r.ele rncms. !
HAVES, 332 — 3 sunny rooms, complete for I
hou»ek*»fp'.np; no children; $14.
HEKMAX «I— Two furnifhed rooms for !
fcouF<*keep!nis. $10; two single, $5 and $6.
HOWARD, "l&ij— Sunny housekeeping rooms:
a!eo furnished rooms; respectable; locked
a<>or.
JESSIE. o23 — LarKe front parlor, furnished;
housekeeping, sas rang*, sink: $3 50.
SOSES. 607. ccraer O'Farrell — Housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnlrhed; rent reasonable.
JONES 509 — Handsome, sunny suite, $20:
housekeeping suite, $1C; single rooms. r*-a-
sonabi«.
LATIKIX, Sl7t3 — Nicely -furnished sunny corner
room, with gas stove; rea*on£.ble.
ItcAIXISTER, 45.1. cor. Van Ness— 2 sunny
connecting housekeeping rooms. $13; 1 rm. $S
MISSION. 236C — Parlor, bedroom, kitch»n;
light and sunny; gas, bath, laund— .". new an!
mc«; adults only; rent $25; no sign; nice
neighborhood and responsible parties.
NINTH. 124 — Large sunny housekeeping
room: running water; cloFet; gas: $9.
OAK. 117, or 14 Page — Complete hskpg. : gae
isnire fr%e: hot bath, laundry: $1 2J-$3 ,V> wk.
r<'\\'ELL. 1220 — Nice Eunny front rooms; also
• \u25a0 light housekeeping rooms; day or week.
WILLOW aye.. 8, oS. Larkin. near Eddy— 2
rmt. fur. gen. hfkpg. ; no children: $12 50.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ESTHER. 1419 Leavenworth. near Washington
— Op«n to-day. 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
ever got up for housekeeping: the convenience
of 5 rooms in 2; see this without fall; you
can't afford to miss H; rents $30 to $35; first
house or Its kind in this city; call tc-day.
TKE Vera Apartments. 1007 Bush ' st.. near
Jones: under entirely new management: new
end thoroughly renovated; 2 and 3 room
tuilef. 'urn. or unfurn. for hskpg.: also beau-
' tifuUy turn, i-ingle rro«. for gents; reas.
A— ST. " LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New.
modern building; furn. or unfurn. apart-
ments of 2, 3, 4 rooms; private baths; from
$15 to $35. Phone Main 5130. 1455 Mason at.
A— KCNILWORTH. ccr. Bush. Powell; 3-room
tunny aprts. ; single rooms; modern: reas.
ARIEL flaw, 531 Turk — 1-2-3-room housekeep-
ing apartments; furn. or unfurn. ; reasonable.
EL CARMELO. 1719 Washington, nr. Van Ness
aye. — Sunny 3, 5, 6 room apts. ; also single.
THE Frecrriek, 9CI Stanyan — 1 to 5 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park: tel. Page 616 G.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Uniurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
250 te $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— THK PIERRE. 573 O'FARRELL.
Beautifully furnished, light, sunny suite;
aU» single room; excellent care; low rent.
A3 "The Almonte." 573 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth, et.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
>. '«\u25a0\u25a0 to $10 week: house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. IIL'C Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BfCHANAN. 30C2— Furnished, sunny front
room: refined gentleman; pnvat* family.
EVSH. 1335. near Lurline Baths— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; phone, bath; reasonable.
EDDY, 514— Very large, canny, nicely fur-
nished front room; running water; phone.
Mnail basement room $1 week.
itWjy, a 74 — 3, « and & room apartments;
B»*!y furnished; sunny; cloee in; opposite
Jefferson square. '
FLORIDA. • 7i»o— Large, furnished room with
use of parlor, piano and kitchen; rent $10.
FOLSOM. lttKt — Large eunny fur. rooms; large
ground:-:, gas. bath, phone; suitable 2 gents.
FOURTH. 271—100 rooms; ail sires and prices;
?iew. niuafrn; hot and cold water.
GOLDEN State House. 1207 Market, near
Eighth— Scrupulously clean and very quiet
furnished rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Se\-enth and Mission—
100 rooms. 35c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $7 wk.
HARRIET, lbj— Sunny sitting-room and bed-
roum; ¥10.
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis— New hotel. Just
opened; class "A"; eteel building, Btrictly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and
tteam heat in every room; rooms without
bath. $1 per day; with bain, $1 50 to $3; re-
duced rate* by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN, cor. Eiile and Leav-
enworth — SCO rooms; modern and up to date-
light, eunny and airy; hair matt ret***; free
baths; everything fresh aad clean; single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates*.
HOWARD. 715— Rooms, 25c to $1 per day
$150 to $3 per week; reading-room, etc. .
HOWARD, S2»— ROOMS. ROOMS: CLEAN
CLEAN; TRANSIENT; REASONABLE-
HYDE. 40i> — Sunny front alcove suite; $18;
one room $12; large yard.
LEAVIiNWORTH. 13C2. corner Clay— Large,
j tuuny. corner room; run. water, phone; gent.
MARKET, 759 — Fine furr. rooms: gas, electric
lights, running water; convenient; reasor.cble,
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 12* Third st.-^CO
tingle and family rooms, 35c to $1 50 per day
$2 to $8 week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
• water, electric lights, call bells, ateam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to its guests. /
MINNA. CC5.' near Seventh— Furnished room-
large, clean and sunny. W. TORBENSEN
\u25a0 \u25a0
OAK 2037. opposite park— Very desirable fur-
rlsh^rt rooms. .-. ,vr;«
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
O'FARRELL. 14S7 — One to four furnished
cr unfurnished rooms.
$8 PER month: front eunny room; lady pre-
ferred. 830 Powell sL
ItlO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third «t.. nr. Howard— J
New house, with modern conveniences; rooms !
en suite and sJngle; rates by day 35c up; \
by week. $2 up: baths free to guests.
ROSE aye. 128 Vi — Furnished room to respect-
able^
TAYLOR. 70U, rear Sutter — Large sunny fur.
nlshed front room, good for 1 or 2. $9 'mo.
THE FLORENCE, 102 Ellis, corner Powell—
Rooms, 50c and upward: first-class service;
special rates .by week to families.
•THE LAUNSTO>\\ 110 Eddy st.— Fine
rooms, single or en suite. $2 week up.
TURK, 204— Nicely furnished sunny rooms. $2
and up; quiet house.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, nn Market— 4oo
rooms, 36c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights <no RBF), running water In every
room ; elevator, read.-toom; free bus, baggage.
VAN NESS. 613— Sunny suite; bath. fid. bed.
«~« nuure. etc.; no children; rent reduced.
214 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
\u25a0\u25a0'. dral. ... where a high mass will-be celebrated
." tor the \u25a0 repose of her - soul, ' commencing at
S:3O a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Mcquillan— in this city. Aucust 2, 1905,.
James McQuillan, a native of Ireland, aged
35 -years.. . :. *,'* .
MIKULICICH— In this city, August 3. 1005.
Angelina, beloved daughter of Anton Miku-
. llcleh, ii native of; Austria, aged 25 years.
MUNSON— In this city, August 1, 1805, Sam-
uel J. Munson, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years. \u25a0' - i
OREILY— In this city. August 2, 1905.' Mary,
beloved wife of the late Frank O'Relly, and
mother of Mrs. Owen O'Connor and the late
Mrs. John McCann. a native of County
Mayo, Ireland, aged 62 years. - . -
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
etreet, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for 'the repose
of her »oul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery. .
PAILLE— In this city. August 2, 1905.' Kate,
• beloved wife of Joseph E. Pallle, and mother
of Frank and Hazel Pallle, and daughter of
Mrs. S. Williams and the lat<i Samuel Wil-
liams, p.nd slater of Mrs. H. Dean, Mrs. P.
Palmke. Mrs. R. Ruff and John Williams
and the late Frank and Griffith Williams,
. a native of San F"ranclsco, aged 24 years
and 5 months.
(C?"Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
August 4, at 1 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 20 Verona, place, off -Third street,'
\u25a0 between. Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Patrick's Church. Interment Holy Cross
\u25a0 Cemetery. \u25a0 .
PEROTTI— In the City and County Hospital,
August 3. 1905, Dominique Perottl, a native j
of Italy, aged 32 years.
REINKE— Near Petaluma, August 8,' 1905.
Charles Reinke, a native of Germany, aged
62 years.
E?"Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 a. m., from his late resl-
. dence. near Petaluma. Interment Cypress
Hill. Petaluma.
ROBINSON— In Mount Eden. August 3, 1905,
William Robinson, beloved husband of Cath-
erine Robinson, and father of Mrs, T. Bond.
William Robinson. »Mrs. E. Alberts, Mrs. S.
Le Gray, Nora Robinson, George, John and
-Charles Robinson. Mis. Ella Kerr and
jjj Edith Robinson a native of Albany, N. V.,
aged 70 years 8' months and 3 days. (Albany
papers please copy.) x
,IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
•at his late residence, Saturday, Auguat 5,
at 1 o'clock p. m. Interment at San Lorenzo
Cemetery.
SCHWINN— In this city. August 3, 1905, John
Schwlnn. a native of Germany. A member
of Ernst yon Bendel Lodge No. 3, O. d.
H. S.
(n7"Rema!ns at the parlors of Gantner
Bros.. l? 09 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. -
SCOTT— In this city. August 3, 1905. George
W., dearly beloved son of Hanry and Eliza-
beth Scott, and brother of Harry, Edith,
Alfred and Walter Scott and Mrs. E. J.
' Blanchard, and dearly beloved nephew of
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Martin, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and
IS days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, August 6, at 1 o'clock p. m., at
Eagles' Hall. 731 Market .street, under the
auspices of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F.
O. E., and Mlllmen's Union No. 423. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Mateo
County. Remains at his late residence,
120 SB Howard street.
SILVEIRA— In , this city. August 3, 1905,
Manuel F. Silvelra, beloved husband of Isa-
bel Silvelra, and brother of Joseph and John
Silvelra, . and son-in-law of Manuel and
Emella Fernanez. and brother-in-law of Mrs.
Rosenthal and Miss N. Fernanez, a native
of Portugal, aged 30 years 8 months and
20 days.
(E~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WALSH— In this city, August 8. 1905. Mary
Walsh, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
' 75 years. A member of th« Third Order of
St. Francis.
(CTMasa will be celebrated for the repose
of >er soul at Santa Clara to-morrow (Sat-
urday), on arrival of 7 a. m. train from San
Francisco. Remains at 'the parlors of the
United Undertakers, 866 Mission street.
WEBSTER— In this city, August 3, 1005,
Benjamin F. Webster, beloved husband of
Mary T. Webster, and father of Mrs. C. H.
Slacloon and Frank W. and Sadie A. Web-
ster, a native of Maine.
(C^Funeral Saturday, August 5, at 10
o'clock a. m., | frcm his late residence. 2411
Washington street. Interment private.
WENDELL— In this city. August 2. 1005,
Emma G., dearly beloved wife of ! the late
Joseph F. Wendell, and mother of Thomas
and Matilda K. Wendell and Mrs. Susan W.
Field, aged 55 years 8 months and 26 days.
(CTFuneral services will be held Friday,
August 4, at 2 o'clock p. \u0084m.,, at her late
residence, 317 Church street, between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth. Cremation strictly
private. Odd Fellows' Cemetery. \u25a0 A
i above residence to-day "'Friday), at 9 o'clock
! a. m.. thence to St. Brigid's Church, where
a solemn reijuiem mass will be ,' celebrated
I s for the reiicte of his soul, 'commencing' at
' !»:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cem-
etery.
i UKOi\X — 111 Los Angeles. Cal., August ".
15.05. Kachel iJrown, mother of Michel and
Ray Drown,' and sister of George Morris and
Jli-s. Alice "Waliman. . .
B_/"iritndf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral, from St.
i Matthew's «.'atholic Church, fcJan Mateo, on
I-'rlday, August -I, .at 10::>U a. m. Interment
• bt. John's Cemetery.
BUSCH — In this city,- August 3, 1905; John
A., beloved son of George E. and the late
Fannie Busch, and brother of George E.
Buseh of sian 1> ranc Si-o. Mabel Busch of
Seattle and Mr?. J. C. Boytonis of Eureka,
ai;d grandson of Mrs. Mary Husch, a native
of fean Francisco, aged 15 years and 6
months. .
COLE— In this city, August 3. 1905, Elsie
Manilla, beloved daughter of W. Al. and
.Addis Cole, a native of Auburn, Placer
County, Cal., aged 7 years 2 months and 3
days. -j
. IH?" Funeral private. '
DAVIES— In this city, Aueuat 3, 1905, Mary
A., beloved wife of Frank P. Davies, and
mother of Mis. George H. Knight, Mra. John
Kahey of Mountain View and Isabella E.
and Frankle E. \u25a0 Davies, and sister of Mat-
thew Brown, a native of Xew York.
C^TKriends? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at v o" clock a. m., from the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 04*j Mission street,
thence to fcacred Heart Church, corner of
.Mllmore and Fell streets, where a requiem
high macs will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at o:3o 'a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by. 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets. .
DE WIT— In Alameda, August 2, 1905. Albert
Pleter de Wit, lather of John, Fieter,. Cor-
nelius and Gerhard de Wit and Mrs. Chris-
tina Stievater. a native o* Alkmuar, Hol-
land, Netherlands, aged 90 years 12 months
and 11 days. \u0084
C^Funeral services will be held Friday.
August 4, at I. o'clock p. m., at his late
residence, 006 Central avenue. Alameda.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
I'lease omit flowers.
DI-LON— In Oakland, Aurust 2, 1905. Wll-
lia-n J., husband of Hattle Dillon, and
brother of Thomas Dillon, a native of New
Orleans, ased 57 years.
DOLOKKS (ARMEH)-ln this city, August 'I,
1905. at Holy Family Convent, Sister M.
Dotores (Armer). Superioress.
B_rThe funeral" will take -place to-morrow
(Saturday), at «:15 a. m., from the Convent
of the Hoiy Famiy, corner Hayes and Fill-
more streets, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
* where a eolt-mn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ECKELMANN— In Oakland, August 3, 1905.
Aim Elizabeth Eckelmann, beloved mother '
of J. J and F. T. Eckelmann and Mrs. Ella
Dwyer. a native of Ii eland, aged 69 years.
£~l : rlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mo-rrow
(Saturday/, at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 522 Linden street, thence to the
Church of Immaculate Conception, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at »
o'clock. Interment St. Mary'a Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city. August 1. 1905, Mary,.
beloved wife of John Flynn, and loving
mother of Patrick, Dennis, Katie, Josephine.
Maggie and Bessie Flynn and Mrs. D. GU-
lispie, and sister of William and Jeremiah
Collins. F a native of Freemont. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 50 years.
ty Friends and acquaintancea are reipect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the residence
of her son, Dennis Flynn, 2911 San Jose
avenue, Ocean View, thence to St. Michael's
Church, Ocean View, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at oa. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FREXJDENTHAL — Drowned at Borel, Kern
County. Cal.. July 7. 1905. Harry T.. beloved
eon of Jo*m H. and the late Cecelia M.
Freudenthal,- and devoted brother of Fred
J., Cecelia M..> Anale M. and Albert C.
Freudenthal and Mrs. George Edwards and
Mrs. Richard Cain, and nephew of Mrs. Meta I
Dittmer. a native of San Francisco, aged 26 ';
years 10 months and 8 days. A member of
Court Southern Heights No. 1150, Independent
Ordt.- of Foresters, and Electrical Workers'
Unit n. Local No. 151. (Los Angeles papers
please c»py.) ; \u25a0\u25a0'
• EyFrrends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
August 6. at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GILMORE — Passed away, August 2, 1905, Mrs.
Caroline Proctor Gilmore, wife of the late
Stephen Decateur Gilmore, and mother of
Fred M. Gilmore, a native of Chelmsford,
Mass.. ased SI years. • V"V-.-
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . Friday,
at 11 a. m.. from the chapel of N. Gray &
Co., Gl2 and 014 Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street. Inter-
ment private.
HAGAN— In this city, August 3, 1905, John
J., beloved husband of the late Margaret
Hagan, and father of William, Philip and
Daniel Hagan and the late Mrs. Mary Mc-
Kenzie. and crandfather of John and Wil-
liam McKenzie. a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, aged 78 years 1 month and 6 days.
C7"Frlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 a. m., frojn his late resi-
dence. 9 Natoma street, thence- to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. va. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARTMAN— In Santa Tnez, Ricka, beloved
wife of Simon Hartman, and mother of Mrs.
Hannah Goldstein and Josie Hnrtman, and
sister of Airs. Joseph Packsher, Mrs. Max
Wallenberg, Mrs. H. Brown, Mrs. J. Gol-
lober. Miss Emilia Jacobowitz and Slgmund
Jacobowitz. a nutive of Germany.
in7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HASKELL— In this city, Auirust 1, 1905,
George W.. beloved husband of the late
Mary Ann Haskell, and father of Mr~. John
Lee and the late John, George and Michael \u25a0
Haskell, a native of Deer lele, Me., axed CO
years 7 months and 4 days.
E^Remalns at the Darlors of H. F. Suhr
4; Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
HEALY — Passed away, in this city, August
3. 1905,- Margaret Healy, beloved mother of
Mrs. Gertrude Cowles. William H. and Al-
fred J. Healy and Mra. Henry J. Smith, a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years 11 months
and 21 days.
C~Fr!end9 and accualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
August 5, at J) a. m., frcm her late resi-
dence. C 37 Hyde street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HETHERINGTON— In this city, August 3,
1905, Henry Hetherlngton, a native of Eng-
land, aged 76 years.
HEYWOOD— In Scranton, Pa., July 31. 1905,
Harry A. Heywocd. son-in-law of Colonel
C. L. Taylor of this city.
KELLY — In this city. Aueust 3. 1905, Mrs.
Annie J. Kelly, wife of Walter B. Kelly,
antf beloved daughter of Mrs. C. H. Evans,
and Bister of Mrs. W. A. Dayal of Topeka,
Kans.. a nalU'e of Missouri, aced 22 years.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission
street.
KNUST— In this city. August 3, 1905, at his
residence. 1914 Vallejo street, Henry, be-
loved huEband of Minnie Claesen Knust, a
native of Germany.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are Invited
v to attend the funeral services Saturday,
August 5, at 2 d. m.. from St. Paulus Ger-
man Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
. Gough streets. Interment Drlvate.. •-.-. \u0084 .
LAIDLAW*-In this city, August 2, 1905. Dr.
Horace, beloved husband of Etta Douglass
Laidlaw. and father of H. Beverly and the
late Beatrice Laidlaw, a native of Milwau-
kee, Wis., aged 4«S years. - .
K~Friende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday.' August 5, at 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
at his late residence, 986 Sutter street. ' In-
terment private.
LENNON — An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated • to-day (Friday), at 9
o'clock, at Mission Dolores . Church, for the
repose of the souls of the late John and
Elizabeth Lenncn, beloved parents of James
E. Lennon, Mrs. James F. Conlan. Mrs.
Fred — •. Ruddock and Miss • Ella Lennon.-
Frlends are respectfully .Invited to attend. *
McGUSHIN — In this city, August 2. 1905,
Lizzie McCushln, beloved wife of the lafce
James McGushln, and loving \u25a0. mother of
Mrs. R. Ellis and Edward P. and John F.
McStay, a native of County Leltrtm, Ire-
land, aged 52 years. (Chicago and New York
papers please' copy.) \
C7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday)., at 8 o'clock a. m., from the
funeral oarloni of James McGinn ; & Co.,
WOODLAWN CEMETERY
•\u25a0' San Mateo County.
MASONIC CEMETKItY ASSOCIATION,
BS6 Jaroe» Flood Building. S. . F. ...
H. P. PETERSEN & CO; ;
Funeral Directors and Embulincra.
228 McAllister St., opposite City Halt
. Telephone, South 340. r
JCO'eONNOR&Cfr
FI'XERAL niRECTOUS
" 767 31 ISSSION STREET
TEL. 3LAIN 5017
RAJIAVAjrjrjRAyEI^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
I SAN FRAXCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:25, 2:30, 4:CO, 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUXD ATS— 7:3O. 8:00, 9:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
1:30, 2:30, 3:40, 0:10. «:30, 7:25. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FItANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:O3. 6:50. 7:35, 7:80. 8:20.
0:20. 11:15 a. m.: 12:50. t":00, S:4O. 5:00,
6:20. 5:25, 6:20 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trip at 1:45 p. m.
BUN DAYS— 6:6O. 7:35, 8:20. 9:20. 11:13 a. m.:
1:42, 8:40, 4:50. 5:00, 5:20. 0:23. 6:20, 7:50,
7:58 p. m. tExcept Saturdays. -;;'.-•-
_eave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. ) May 1. 1903. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | tlon. ' { days, f Days.
7:30 a 7:43 a 7:45 a
7:30 a S:COa 8:40 a 8:40 a
9:10 a 9:10 a
6:00 a 9:30 a tfrnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
4:00 p
0:10 p 0:10 p 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 p
. 8:50 p
7:30 at 7:30 af Napa. I 9:10 al »:10 a
4:00 p| 5:10 p| 1 | 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 7:30 a S^T 7:43 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8.00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
0:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa, 8:50 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:20 p 8:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:50 p 7:20 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
1 .. • Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Oeyserviiie. 7:20 .p 7:20 p
CloVerdale.
7:30 nl 7:30 at Hopland 110:20 a] 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p|- and Uktah. | 7:20 p| 7:20 p
I J WUllts. I I
7:30 a| 7:3oa| \u25a0 Stier-wood. | 7:20 p| 7:20 p
8:00 al S:ooa| Guerneville and '10:20 a(10:2O a.
2:30 pi 2:"0r! Cair.i. Vacation. | 8:50 p| 6:20 p
6-00 at 8:00 a! — __________
0:10 p! 0-30 al Strxma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
I 0:10 p[ Glen Ellen. 8:50 p
7:30 a 7:30 aj 10:20 a' 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p SebastopoL 7:20 pi 6:20 p
5:30 p B:10pl \u25a0 |
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Ska***
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vfll«j and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Er rings. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, and Bartlett
Springs: at Uknah for Vichy Springs, Saratog"
Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
EDrings. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valler
John Day's. Llerley's. Hullvuie. Orr-s Hll
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Hopkins
Uendocino City. Fort Bragg. Weatport. Usal'-
il WUlits for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
for Westport. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mins. Bella Springs. Harris. Olaens. Dyer
Garberv-.lle. Pepperwood. Camp's. Scotia »ni
to Monday round-trlp Ucketa'at re-
duced rates. .
On Sundays — Round-trlp tickets to aU points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 850 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlcs.
JAS. AGLER, ' R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Act.
sVjt.Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Saa frtaeisw _#_§^*»v I »f- S*a ?rMii»to
Vk. Dit» Sncdijs M((^gffirSki Suadiys | ill. Diji
7:45 a «^a*f»_f T173* a foTT^T
9:50 a B:4sa^H^»^ 1:O2p 2:55?
1:45p 10:15 a V 3V 3 ? P 6:22p
Eatiirda- 12:45p \u25a0 'HRSt - . 5:02r btv-tr
Only 2:15p llj»l TTI»WaiV 6:33p Only
4.35P 3:45p| tMtoiaTfltl 8:32p lt:23p
*" n - ._n ( 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
HI7IC2S I and Sausauto Fekky. Foot Market S_Future Grain and Provisions. ,ir
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— lnfluenced* by/higher
prices at Liverpool the wheat market opened
quite firm, the September option Mfelne un a
shade to »4&% c at 84%@84% c . The. strength
of the EnglUh market was due to- reported
confirmation of a Ehortage in the Russian
crop. On; moderate demand from commission
.houses the September delivery touched 85c soon
after th e opening-. Sentiment then became
bearish and pit traders sold freely. Conditions
affecting the spring . sown crop furnished the'
principal reason for the change In sentiment.
Throughout Minnesota and the Dakotas the
weather was clear and the temperature moder
ate. In addition the Government bureau pre
dicted for to-morrow a continuance of condi
tions favorable to the quick maturing of the
new crop. Asa result the early advance In
prices to-day was .completely obliterated, but
the market sagged below yesterday's final fig
ures, September dropping to 84 % c. Spread of
bearish sentiment, however." was effectively
checked by news from the Southwest, where
the movement of ' the . new • crop ' seemed begin
ning to show signs of abatement. Arrivals
to-day at St. Xouls and Kansas City aggre
gated 339,000 bushels, against 578, 000. a year
ago. The price of cash wheat in the: South
western markets" showed \an - advance to-day,
and this Increased the demand for options here
A late feature of moderate bullish interest was
the Ohio report, showing for July a decline of
3 points in Uie condition of wheat. During
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Exchange and Bullion. >
_ . LOCAL. '
Sterling Exchange sixty days.'. — @4 85%
Sterling Exchange, -eight — @4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables .. — @4 ss
New York Exchange, sight — @ 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — @ 07%
Silver, per ounce. 59%@ — ,
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 @ 47%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris '..". 5.16%
New York on Mexico : 202
Paris on London 25.15
Berlin on London 20.47
Wbent and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher.
Chicago was unchanged on the day. This
market for futures was steady at the opening,
but subsequently declined, with a fair busi
ness. There was nothing new in the cash
gralD ' CASH WHEAT.
California • Club, $1 45®1 55; California
White Australian, $1 60@l 65; Northern
Club. $1 50@l 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 62%
@1 67%; Northern Red.'sl.so@l 51% per ctl;
lower grades of Wheat $1 Jo@l 40 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a m.
Open. 1 ' High. • Low. Close
December ...$1 43% $1 43% $1 43 $1 43
2 p. m. Session.
December— sl 42% bid. $1 43% asked.
BARLEY— Futures were weaker, with fair
trading at the' decline. Cash Feed had a much,
wider range owing to the great difference In
offerings. Island Barley was freely offering
all the way from 95c up^to $1. while choice
bright Feed sold at $1 02%(g103%, a miller
paying the latter price.
v CASH BARLEY.
Feed, 95@97%c for common and 98%c@
$1 03% for good/to choice; new Brewing, $1 05
@1 10; Chevalier, $1 10#l-25,per ctl. .
-*" FUTURES.
#?? . Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
jf' Open. " High. ' Low. Close
December... »8% 9.8% ; ; 08% 8 8%
2 p. m. Session.
\u25a0December — 98% C. \u0084
OATS— The market Is quiet, featureless and
Ut ßed! lg *l 30®l 35. l° r - c *°}£f>*l&\i®l 27%
for fair to good and $1 lt>®l 20 for common
CORN — Previous quotations are given, with
nothing new In the market.' •
Western sacked. $1 4091 45 for Yellow and
White and $140 for : Mixed ; California large
yellow. $1 45@1 47% ; smaU round do. -$1 0 5@
1 co; White, $1 37.%@1 42%; Egyptian. $1 40
©1 50 for White and $1 35@1 40 for Brown.
RYE— $l 47%@1 60 per ctl. : "• :•
BUCKWHEAT-$1 75@2 25 per ctl. .
Flour and , Farinaceous Gonda.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual term*; - Bakers $4 7(mn-
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing , at $4@4 50
Pe FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are-aB follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100
lbs- Rye Flour. $3 75: . Rye > Meal. $3 50; ; Rice
Flour,. $8 : Corn. Meal. $2 75 ; extra Cream do,
$3 75: Oat Meal. $4 25@4 50;iOat Groats. $4 50-
Hominy $3 75®4; Buckwheat > Flour. * $4 50®
4 75: Cracked Wheat $3 75 ;- Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats.vbbls
$6 50@7 60; In sacks. $C@i7 ;. Pearl Barley, $6;
Spllt'Peas. boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 ibs.- :1 __ ; . > :_-. \u25a0..-.• .•
.-•" Hay and Feedstuff*. . '
Receipts of Hay have been more moderate
LOCAL MARKETS.
\u25a0^Foreign Futures."*. \u25a0 • .
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — * Sept. Dec. March.
Opening 6 8% 6 7% Nominal
Closing « 8% G 7% Nominal
PARIS: .
Wheat — Auk. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 23 10 22 «5
Closing 23 20 22 85
Flour — . .
Opening 30 00 30 00
Closing. 30 10 30 25
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— W001, steady. Me
dium grades, combing- and clothing, 23031 c:
light fine, 21<g27c; heavy fine, 18*g27c; tub
washed, 32®42c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND Aug. -3. — WHEAT: For export
— Club, 73@74c;- Bluestem, 78@8Oc. For mill
ing — Valley, TSc. * .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 3.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Club, 74@70c; Bluestem. 78c.
Northern Business.
SPOKANE. Aug. 3.— Clearings, $460,312; bal
ances, $77,753.
SEATTLE, Aug. 3.— Clearings. $1,055,175;
balances. $316,117. , ,
• TACOMA, Aug. 3.— Clearings. $469,863; bal
ances, $20,899.
PORTLAND. Aug. 3.— Clearings, $659,533;
balances, $78.985. ' , '•
THURSDAY., Ausust 3— 2 p. m. ;
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr CCUP-.104 104% Is qr cp new 132 132%
4* ur. r*"/.. .10* 1C4% S r qr coup.. .103H103H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W ss. — —lOW gtd 5«. — 80
Asso Oil ss. 93% 95%! Oceanic 9 5s — , 66 .
Bay CPC 55.107 107% Om Cable 65.121 121%
Cal C G 55.105% — Pac Glm 4s. 94% 97%
Cal G & B g P E Rv 55.. 112 112%
m& ct ss. 04% 95 Pac LAP Bs.lOO —
Cal-st C Se.HlUimi P & C H 65.1C2% —
C C Wat 55.101>4101% P& O R 65.110 —
EdL & P 6s. 124% — Powell-st 6s. — —
F& C H 65.116 — Sac EG&RSs.IOB 109
Geary-st 55.. 50 60 SF & 5JV55.120% —
H C&S 5%5.107% — SF.Ok& 5J55.110% —
Do 5s 107%— Sierra R 6s. 112^114
Hon R T 65.105% — S P of A 6s
L A Elec ss. — — 09C9) 107 —
LAG &E1 ss. — 104 (1910) ICS —
LA Ry 55.. — — S Pof C 6s
LAL Rtd 59.103 — (1905)5r B. — —
LAP lcm 55.112%113 (1906) .....1O3«4 —
LAP C 55.. 108 — (1912) 115 115%
Mkt-st C 6«.113% — SPC 1 csr 55.117 —
Do lcm 55.115T B ll6Vi S P B R 65.135% —
MVft MtTss.lOs — S V Wat 65. 104 IC4H
NR of C 65.103 — Do 4s 2dm.100 —
Do 5s ....120%120% Do 4s 3dm.1C0«100%
NP C R 85.104% — I Do g mt(r4a 97%
NC Ry 55.. — 111% Stkn G&E6s. 88 —
NC P C ss. 98 — UG & B 55.104% —
Oak TCo 65.119? i — UR of SF.4s. Oil* — .
Do 5s 112% — Tal Co P 55.103% —
O GL&H 55.109U"0
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41% 41%! Port Costa... — 68
Marln C 0 . .. 55 — •S V W T at Co. 36% —
- GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — iPac L Co 63% —
Martel Pwor 1% 1%18 F G & E. 62U 6.1
Mutual EL. 12% 13 (Stkn G & E. — \u25a0 5
INSURANCE
Firem's Fnd.325 — I
V BANK ' STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k..127%133 LP 4 A.... — 160 ;
Anglo-Cal . . 80 . — Mer Tru5t.. ..210 240
Bank of Cal. — . — Merch Ex.... 55 —
Cal Safe Dp.156 160 S F National — 160
Frst Xatlonl.3os 320
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2520 — Isav &L?o..- 100
Hum Say Bk — — Sec Sa.v 8k..395 —
Mutual 5av.102%106 (Union T C 0.2700 3300 .
S F Say U. 630 — 1
. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — jPresldlo 30% 41 -
POWDER,
•Giant ...... 71 }i 71%| ,
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 8594 — iMakawell C. 36 . 37
Honokaa S C 15% 16^ilOnomea S C. 36V; 37 I
Hutch S P C 14% 15 iPaauhau S C 22% 22?4
Kllauea SC. 4 5%| •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P>A. — — Oceanic SCo 5 —
Cal F C A. IOO — Pae Aux FA. 4 5
Cal Wine A. 83 84 Pac C 80rx.153 :— '
MV& MtTm. — . Pac S Tel Co — 102 "
SALES.
Morning Session. . '.
. Board — . ;\u25a0<- -i - -
100 Hutchlnson S P Co i..... 14 75
100 Mutual Electric. Llgnt^. 12 75
5 Mutual Electric LJgnt 12 50
. .100 Oceanic S S Co ......". 500
150 Paauhau S P C 0."...... 22 50
180 SF Gas & Electric .....62 75
60S F Gas & Electric ....P2 50
50 8 F Gas & Electric .-. .. 62 67%
$2,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5a.. 9-i 62%
$1,000 Spring Val Wat 4s (2d mtge)..loo CO
$3,000 Spring Val -Wat 4 a (3d mtfre)..io» 23
$5,000 United R R of S F 4a fll 23
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry ss, s 3.. ..112 12%
Street — ' • , •
70 S F Gas & Electric 63 23 \u25a0
400 Spring Valley Water Co. a 10. 36 73
$8,000 L A-Pac R R Ist con 5s 112 50
$B.COO Northern Ry of Cal 55. .;.... .120 50
' $s.OOO s P of c 6s. (1912>:.. v:.:. ...;iis 00 -
$10,000 Paciflo - Electric Ry 5s ....112 25
• Afternoon" Session.
Board — - ' , '
30 Alaska Packers* Association... 89 87%
45 Contra Costa -Water ........... 41 62%
• 5 Giant -Powder Con-r........-.: 71'5(1
50 Paauhau S P C 0...: 22 30
T ;* 60 Paauhaa S P Co.^ b 3......... 23 5»
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There Were continued' heavy arrivals of
Bartlett Pears and Peaches In bulk. and both
descriptions ruled very weak, as the canners
were running to full- capacity on contract sup
plies of the former and were purchasing but
little of anything In the open market. Ripe
Bartlett Pears In wrappers were wanted by the
regular trad* and ruled firm, while Peaches,
both packed and loose were very weak and
prices had a wide range as to variety, quality
and size of package. Shipping brokers were
paying higher prices for choice Plums and
Prunes In crates, there being a scarcity of
suitable stock. There was a good inquiry for
Grapes for export on the Puget Sound steam
er, fine Muscat, Malaga and Rose of Peru sell
ing for that purpose at $I@l' 15 per crate.
Seedless too were In good request, the bsst
lots finding prompt sale at 75@S5c per crate.
Nutmeg Melons and Cantaloupes were steady
during the early trade, the principal river boat
with fresh supplies being late, but there was
no scarcity and the market became weak upon
the arrival of the belated boat. The market
for ordinary Apples was In a state Of complete
demoralisation and, although select parcels of
Gravenstelns In 4-tler packages still sold up
to $1 15 per box. $1 was the ruling price for
the general run of fancy stock. Crab Apples
continued firm under an urgent demand and
limited supplies. In the Berry line Raspberries
did better and Strawberries were steady, while
Blackberries remained very weak, with a large
portion of the day's receipts going- to the can- I
ners at the Inside quotation. Citrus goods
were steady and aside from an advance In
Mexican Limes there was no change In quo
tations * \u25a0
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest, Longworths,
$3®«: large varieties. $3(24.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest, $5@S.
BLACKBERRIES— SI 5002 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@IOc per lb.
APPLE8 — 8oc(S$l 15 per box for fancy and
4C@7sc for. common to choice; Crab Apples.
7ic(Ssl 50 per box. . '• • v* "
APRICOTS— Crate* C5®00(?» small boxes 50
(@6oc: large boxes 85c<5$l 25. '
PEACHES— SmaII /boxes. 35@60c; carriers.
50©70 c; open boxes. 40@65c; in bulk. $20@r.)
per ton for Freestone and $50@60 for Cling
8t PEARS— Bartlett. $I@l 75 per box: in bulk.
*60 per ton for No. 1 and. $20040 for lower
praden- Dearborn Seedlings. 75cg$l per box.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Crates, 50090 c;
email boxes, 25@40c; Plums, in bulk. $10©
15 NECTARINES— 75c@$l per box or crate.
FIGS— SI 505?2 50 per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $2{?2 50 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons,- 75c(S$l 25 per box; "Water
melons $103 per dozen, r
GRAPES— SmaII boxes and crates. 50c@$l 15;
large boxes. 75cff$l 25. .
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. Valenclas, $2 50
eti ocr box: Mediterranean , Sweets. $I©2;
Lemons. ' $1 . M«4 ; . Grape Fruit. $1 5 C@
250- Mexican Limes, -$5 50@6 per case; Ba
nana's $2 25@3_per bunch for Central Amerl-,
can and $lfil W tor Hawaiian; Pineapplea,
$1 60®2 50 per dozen. (
Dried Fruit, Nuts, Itaislns and Honey.
All fruits rule firm, with Peaches and Prunes
tending upward under a brisk inquiry from
buyers. Apricots are steady, while Apples
continue stiff In sympathy with the short crop
outlook throughout the Eastern and Western
States.. Honey continues quiet.
FRUITS — Apricots. 6Wfi~%c for new crop
Royals and" for Moorparks* Peaches,
GV,®6%c for standards. 7@7%c for choice. 7%
©7%c for extra choice and S@S%c for fancy;
Pears, old. 7@llc; Plums, nominal; new Evao
irated Apple*, 7%<SSc; sun-dried 2©3 c per lb;
new Figs, boxes. 5Cc for chol ae, 55c for extra
choice and. 6oc for fancy, bulk white. 2%@4c
per lb. * ' \u25a0\u25a0 .' '" ": - • ' - \u25a0
PRUNES— OId crop, 2%@2%c per lb for the
four sizes and 3@3Vlc basis for the large sizes.
New crop Prunes, 303V4C four-size basis, with
most growers now asking 3V4c
a RAISINS — 1904. crop f. o. b. Fresno— Dehesa
clusters $1 35@1 40- London' Layers, Ss@9sc;
Loose Muscatelß, 4-crown 5%c: 3-crown. 4%c:
2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's Seedless. 4%e;
Seeded. 4\i(56%c per lb.
\u25a0*' NUTS— Walnuts. No. \u25a01 • softshell. "" ' 12@13c;
No 2. • • 10@llc : No. 1 hardshell. 12c ; - No. 2.
10c- Almonds '<lrtSl7c for Nonpareils. lS^lGc
for I XL and; Ne Plus Ultra and ll@ljjc for
-Languedoc: \u25a0 Peanuts, U@7c > for Eastern; Pe
cans, 11013 c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5. _ :
HONKY — Comb. 10@llc for white and 7@9c
for- amber: water white ; - extracted. sffs%c;
llghtr amber extracted, 4S5c; dark. 3©3% c;
Hawaiian. 2ffl2i-ic for extracted.
BEESWAX— 27@2Bo per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Local Securities More Active— Mlnlny
Shares Featureless.
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
was very fair and of a varied character, more
stocks being dealt In. The gas shares were
strong at advances of several \u25a0 fractions. Sales
of bonds were $85,000. Giant Powder was ex
dividend of 50c under Ofe rule.
The mining stocks continued without feature
or especial activity.
Ex-coupon yesterday: Edison Light and
•Power Company. 6s-1921; regular quarterly,
amounting to $9345. ' '
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
90c per share on August 0.
STOCK 3IARKET.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
XEW YORK, Aug. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13,600 barrels-, exports, 10,800 barrels. Steady,
but quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts. 28.000 bushels. Spot,
steady: Xo. 2 red. S7%c elevator; Xo. 2 red.
fc'J'ic f. o. b. afloat; Xo. 1 Xorthern Duluth,
51 i 5% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Xorthern Manl
; toba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. After a firm
opening on higher cables wneat softened a lit
j tie under fine Xorthwest weather reports and
! then strengthened. It was steadied in the af
\u25a0 ternoon on a buljlnh Ohio State report, higher
; cables, lighter Southwest receipts. In sympa
: thy. with corn and good outside buying. The
: close was %c to %c net decline. May »2V4@
: 93c, closed 92% c; September, SS 13-ltic, closed
i KHsc: December. 90% c to Ul%c, closed 9u^,c.
I HOPS— Firm.
HlDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — There was considerable liquida
tion of the September option throughout the
: day. but these offerings had no unfavorable
effect on prices. The market closed at a net
advance of 10 to 15 points, the advance being
induced principally 'by buying for Wall street
account and leading bull Interests. Futures
closed firm at a net advance of 10 points on
all months except August, which was 5 points
higher. Sales were reported of^ 11S.100 bags,
Including-; September. 7@7.1e; October, 7.10 c;
Dewmbtr, 7.3<xg7.35c; March, 7.50@7.55c; May,
7.C5@7.70c. Spot — Rio, Krni; Xo. 7 invoice,
B%c; mild, firm; Cordova; 10@13c.
SUGAR — Raw. -quiet; fair refining. 3 7-16®
3'^c; centriiugal, !H> test, 4 3-325-4^c; mo
lasses sugar, 3 3-lC@3Uc: refined, steady. •
BUTTBR — Firm. Street prices — Extra cream
ery, 21Vi<?22c; official prices — Creamery, corn*
mon to extrar 17%@21%c; renovated, common
to extra. 16(gl!)%c; Western factory, common
to «xtra, 15@18c.
CHEESE — Unchanged.
EGGS — Steady. Western best, 18%@19%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm and sales of prime fruit for No
vember delivery have been reported at 7c; com
mon to good are quoted at 4%@5%c on spot;
prime, 6%®ti%c; choice. 7c; rancy, 7%c.
PRUXES — Are somewhat unsettled, owing to
reports of an easier situation on the coast, but
the ppot market was unchanged, with quota
tions ranging from 4^4 c to 6%c, according to
grade.' ,'
APRICOTS — Are quiet, with choice quoted at
B@SV4c; extra choice. B%@B9ic; fancy, 9%@10c.
PEACHES — Unchanged - at 10@10}4c for
choice. 10V4@10V4c for extra choice and lie for
fancy.
RAISINS — Are quiet, but holders firm. Loose
Muscatels are quoted at 4%@OV4c; seeded rais
ins, S'iig^HiO: London layers. $I@l ls.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3. — The London tin mar
ket showed a reactionary ; tendency, notwith
standing the recently excited advance, and
prices closed at £150 5s for spot and £149 for |
lutures. The local market continued quite 1
with spot quoted at ?32 75@.{3 12%.
Copper was lower in London, closing at £(JS
12s <id for spot and £68 17s 6d for futures.
The local market was much quieter than re
ctntly but prices are atlll firmly he.d. Lake
and electrolytic are quoted at $15 35%@15 50;
casting at $14 75&15 12%.
Lead was quoted at £14 Is 3d In London and
at $1 00S4 70 locally.
Spelter also was unchanged In both markets, .
closing at £24 in London and at 55 60@5 70
locally.
Iron closed at 49s 4d In Glasgow and at '46s'
3d in Mlddlesboro. Locally the situation was
without change. No. 1 foundry Northern la
quoted at $16 25@17; No. 2 foundry Northern,
*15 75®16 50; No. 1 foundry Southern. Sl5 75®
10 75; No. 2 foundry Southern. $15 50@16 25.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Flour, qr sks. ..15.930' Hay. tons ?70
Wheat, ctls 3,301! Hops, bales . 10
Barley ctls .... 7,5821 "Wool bales fc"3
Oats ctla 2,s22; Leather, rolls ... 29S
Sugar, ctls 3.500 Hides, Xo .. r 500
Beans, sks 371 Pelts, bdls 220
Potatoes, sks ... S7o. Chicory, bbls ... 5o
Onions, sks 24fi| Raisins, bxs .... 000
Bran, sks 465' Wine, gals 61.650
Middlings, sks .. 812!
OREGON.
Flour, Qr sks... 816| \u25a0 .. -t'ji.i
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. AUGUST 3.
Ni:w YORK. Aug. S.— Prolestion&l opera
lor* Jiad the stock market to thtmseves to
flay, and material to affect prices eeemed to
be Beauty. Their ventures etemed to be re
ttrlcted to a limited list of stocks ajid these
v . :\u25a0- handled in groups likely to be subject to
1 mmoa ir.fiuence by reason of identity of their
i ,(,.r.cs fuch group nlo^\u25a0ement could be dis-
Ungulsbed in the coalfj-s, the Sauthern rail
. the Canadian group and the ore and
> isl mduEUtals. Profesbed reasons for these
!:. \enit-nts were not offered In every
cas« and in some Instances the work
;:.g# of organized pools in the stocks
wit.-- sufficiently perceptible. Confidence in
lY.f ar.:nracite trade outlook and the prospects
for earning* of the coai carriers is very gen
eral, li -was sought to convey the impression
eli-o that the return w the financial district
of J P. Morgan, who appeared at his office
to-day after his trip' to Kurope. mig-ht be
fraught with c(>n^'.'quence to tb< Erics. ThiP
trK^r^nifnt was i*e more remarked en account
if the growth if obstacfrs to the traffic in
Southern territory by yellow fever quarantine
and the further dett-ricpration in the condition
It the cotton crrt^ shown by the Government
report 01 to-day. The rinr.aees of the United
States Stf-rl stocks was alto attributed to the
Morgan influence, tcKether with trte continued
favoral>> reports from that industry. The
ere and metal industrials showed the continued
effect of the persistent assertions of the work
ing out cf a merger plan. The Southern rail
roads were also the subject of some rumors of
a proposed holding company for joint control.
The great public interest shown in the ap
j-raoching peace negotiations was fully shared
in the financial district, but without apprecia
ble effect on the market for stocks here. In
foreign markets some slight depression was
perceptible from this cause. The closing of
the London Stock Exchange from Friday until
Tuesday was given to explain the extreme dull
ness of that market and the Insignificant
ruMness done here for that account. Weather
r.tws affecting the grain crops was regarded
ss= good. Money was easy, but the possible
reduction of resources within the next few
wefks ecunes In for consideration. Sub-Treas
wty operations show a balance against the
"V£-ks thus far this week of over $3,500,000,
J^ payment of Government interest having
r ml no offset to the payment last Satur
day of the Central Pacific note to the Govern
ment. The second installment of 5 per cent
cf the Japanese loan subscriptions was payable
to-day, calling Ear only $2,r>00.000. The privi
lege accrued, however, to pay the balance of
f'jVscciiptions to-day. Tlie unruffled demeanor
cf the money market did net reveal any large
tTJiFitions for this purport. The strength in
rprcial stocks did not awaken a comparative
rf-^T^-rse at any time, but the greatest activity
and ftrer.sth of the day were in the final
dealings ard the closing- was *troni? at the
h'rhert. Borfls were irregular. Total cales.
par value. 52.944.00 C. rnite<l States new 4s
rrgistereC 'i per cent on call.
>>« York Stock Li«t.
E. F. Hutton &. Co.. -lttt> Calllornia street,
6an Frar.cißco. members of the New York
tv;ock Kjcctaage, lurnitsli the following official
Quotations ol that Exchange:
~ Sales STOCKS. |Hich;Low.| Bid.j Ask.
j j 1 1 ,
.'Adam* Express j235 ,215
lAllis Chaimws 18% 16?,
• Do pfd 1 «1
l»,tf(X» Aiaalg Copper . fUM S2'm\ »4 84^
JAX2 Beet Sugar. |23 Z>hi
£>9 Fid I 1«O «5
U Can Co | lit* "%
\u25a0J Do prd i....-! W.il 68S*
I.Boo'Am Oar &Fy Co 87^1 36% i 37>*j 37 J . a
20CJ Do pfd 09%! 9»^| 90 {.toft
luu.Aia Cotton OU.. 'J»n 2a>ij 2U\\ 30
i Do Pfd I KS {95
.;Arn Dlst Tel |. ] i2U j ai
Am HxpreFS J2^3 ,235
lOolAm Gr Twine Co 8 0 6 j tiH
100, Am Hide & L.. 7% 7%| 7V4 7%
.100 ! Do pid 29k 39 139 j 3»>/4
Am Linseed 17 j 20
Do.pld *0 i *2
200 Am Locomotive. 45% i&% 48 I 4b»*
[ Do pld I HI |H2
.On) Am MaJt 4%j * 4% 5
. , Do i>fd 1 24 25
S»LBOOUUa Sm &Rt Co 126' i 125% ;11»% 1120^
1.C00; Do pfd \133% 122% J122'2 1123
I.SCOAm Sugar 1142<i!142> / 4!142%i143
! Do pid ) 1 135 1140
40t>.Am Steel Fdrie»i 10% 10 9»; lv
ylaoW Do ptd 41 »4 41 41 4114
f- ;Ara Tel & T Co. ' 137 140
noOAm Tob pfd «7 07 97 97^,
200; Am Woolen J 36% 3G% 36% 3<sS
wjo, Do prd jioaa, ica 103 \l<xm
3OO.Anacor.ca ,115 lIS 114141115
lAUamic C Line. IGS \l<X£'%, 154 . !I»>H4
2.eOO|A Tic S r S7 -80?4 S7 I &7*6
I Do pfd ! J |102 ' JlO2 vi,
2,600'8a1t i- Oiho ;m%in4%!114%|114%
I Dc i-fd 1 1 »s i m^t
.!Bay Btats Gts..| \ | 3-16 V*
3,G(X)B H T I t»% 70
'Brotk Vn Gas...[ 167 194
IOOJBnms l> & 1....1 15% 15T4 Js"s I* s
IButUrkk Co . ..(.... j 5»Vi 57
« -Canada £outhern| j67 70 -
4.100 Caravan Pacinc!ir>« 154% '156 15«V<i
2fiO ; C & O I i Xi 54ii, 54% 54* i
800' C & A ! VA'A ! rs.j% 3(5 4 o7J^
.mo do pta ....... 6134J m% 79 sm
C* E I pf<3 1 ! J3<| ]140
Ac 1 & L pfd — ! I so 9a
I.SCH/C & G W I 2rt'i' 2>» j 20"-4 20Vi
U»\ .Do pfd A 144 44 44 46
J(V»' Do p?d B 132 !32 S2 82^-4
j .DO debt ! 1 85 | 86
8(X»C & X WV...-...J215 214%i214%!215
4,«ofi;C M * St P 1804(1183 !ISO9-|18O»A
2!K>! Do pfd 187 |IS6 lIBT.
l.lt»o:c R I* P (new)! 21%\ si ] 31%] 314
200! Do pfd I 7«^| 7C%! W. I 7rtV,
C R I & P-*'« Tl R2?ij S3>4
-Chicago Term 1 IS^I 16%
....-.^l Do pfd ! I 30H] 41
200' Chicago Un Trac 9141 914) 9v; | 314
I Do pfd ! 1 3314! 40U
3oo!c cciStL ..! 1.....) :m 1 m^
I Oo pfd t :11s si2c»
, .....icievfland Lk Wl j7O 73
' Do nfd I '105 1112%
Q 200icol" F & I I 4514 4*5
! T» pfd ! i 95
ICnlum H C & I J i 13 I 13%
S.ROOJCo9q South'- m •.1 25 5 .; f 2«% l tS%\ 2:1
3fKii Do? U\ i»fJ-. A C 214 02 ! 02 i V2U.
I Do 2d pfd ...I *i>\i\ 301,41 40 I 40U
New York Stock Market.
'SI ?rR u Prln * Va "' y WWart * r Co 36 T5
iX'ir? PP a * a "an Coml & Sugar 3a 107 30
5-.UCO Los - Ang«U» Ry .-.» 11& (x»
$l.Cw> Spring Valley tis IC4 25
Iw'nSi f- . Gas * El G M & C T 35.. 94 6314
$14,000 United R R of S F 4a ttl 2»
Vnllstetl SwMttkfc
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
_ Bid. Ask. 1 . Bid A«fc
Bay CPC Bs.lOrt — PF Drydk Ss ll"% —
Ca! N\\ 55.. 11 l . — *SPCR4n «»\
MCW.t 5..- 114 s™ Til «\u25a0. m>i -
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 3 C 0... — 2t» Mat XavCo 115
Cat Cot Mlla 82 _ Mm, Nat Bkiw ~
Cal G&ECor. — CO NsR R Co — 12X4
C Jockey C 1.120 - x C al P Co. »% 9\
£ a J£ WtJ £ r - 175 - °** B * Sav.tW —
S a i ~ h i p >°- ~ 25 lIOOF Hall A «% —
al J T — 142U Orph.um Co. — 16%
Cen Bk. Oak — 87%'PacC Cas C 0.134 —
Chutes Co .. — 3 ! Pao Su r Co..— 12Q
City & C 8k.107%U» [Faraf Paint.. 8O _
CyD L Imp.. — «<s F Pndock — 7fl
DptPwd pfd. M 00 !SF & SJCoul 20 —
Do com .. 69% — la Jose Wat..lKUi —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO & MTgbt.l2s — =
Fischer Thtr— ttiiSwiss-A 8k..125 —
Gas Con A. 19 2Oi;! Truck Elect.. 14% —
H ?£? T, Co " 371 i — 'Union S Co.. — 34%
Do old pool 37 — [W-Fargo 8k.203 —
Do nwpqol 37U 3S !
MoTning^Session. '
Board—
$1,000 Oakland Traction Con ss. 105 00
Afternoon Session-
Board —
$1,000 S P Coast Ry 4s 95 00
California Stock and oil Exchange.
A,m'L S ! OCkS 7.. B & *«"*
Asso Oil Stock Tr. Cer. "I.*! 54 "Li
Chicago Crude, new .... oa
Claremont * . *'i;
Forty .'.".l:** "/" la
Four I "" **
Horn* ••'• it
Illinois Crud« ;;*-" - Sft
Independence - "" "25" 2«
::::. it li
Kern, new W°° ••»; .
McKlttrlck *oA ,3
Monte Cristo " 73 eoii
Occidental of W. Va. ...! 02 08
Reed Crude 23 •
Senator 1 sa "" '
Sterling..... \ %£ * ;^ i"c 6
Superior 05
Thirty-three k'ik
Toltec , • "m ...
Northern Cal. Pow«r 900 '.'.'.'.
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Abby Land & Imp't Co .... ' 1 S3-
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 233 \u25a0 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
\u25a0 Mornlns Session. ' \u25a0
Board —
1000 Associated Oil Co Stock Tr Cert... M
250 Associated Oil Co Stock Tr Cert..., S3
500 Independence' Oil 26
1733 Occidental OH 02
Afternoon Session.
Board — ' .
1000 Independence Oil 28
100 Sanitary Reduction "Works 2 00
Mining- Stocks. -
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cUco Stock and Bond Exchange - yesterday :
9:30 a. m. Session — Corns tocks ' ' '
100 Andes IS! 100 Ophir ........7 CO
300 Challenge ... 24; 100 Savage 67
500 Con Imperial. 01 ; 2uO Savage 66
115 Con Va M Co.! 30; ICO Sierra Nev 37 :
400 Crown Point.. 121 100 Union C0n.... 42
200 Gould A. Cur. IS 400 Union C0n.... 43
200 Exchequer ... K.
12 m. Informal Session— Comstocka.
ICO Alpha OS; 2CO Mexican .....135
100 Belcher 17! KM) Mexican. b30..1 35
800 Belcher 16 200 Ophir 7 CO
ICO Chollar ISi CCO Overman 1«
; J OO Chollar 17! ICO Potosi ........ IS
200 Con Va M Co.l 35' 100 Savage 83
i 3CO Crown Point.. 13| 300 Sierra Nev.... it
ICO Oould * Cur. IS! 200 Silver Hi 11.... »3
200 Gould & Cur. n\ 100 Union Con 43
. 2 p. m. Session — Comstocks.
200 Belcher 13! 2CO Yellow Jacket. 22
100 Best & Belch. 1 30,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
\u25ba - • Bid. Ask. [ Bld-AJk:
Alpha 06 CS'JuaUce 05 06
Alta 02 t's!Kentuck OS 03
Andes 17 18 1 Lady Wash .. — " 04
Belcher 14 ltt-Mexican 130 133
Best & Belch. l 25 IUS Occidental ... 87 92
Bullion 40 43j Ophir 7 <K> 725
Caledonia ... 46 4> Uuhir-Bruns.. uti CU
Challenge ... 23 24 Overman 1« 17
ChoUar 17 18 Potosi 12 13
Con Va M Co.l 30 1 3j Savage 67 69-
Confldence ... '80 1 00! Scorpion 00 11
Con Imperial. 01 12; Se« Belcher... OS ©5 .
Crown Point.. 12 13; Sierra Nev.... 37 53
Con -N V 01 C 2 St Louis — 10
E Sierra Nev. 03 C 5 Silver Hill 93 93
Eureka Con,. .1 10 — i Syndicate .... — 10
Exchequer ... SS 53! Union C0n.... 42 43
Gould & Cur. 17 ISiUtah 07 C 8
Hale & Norcl SO 1 90' Yellow Jacket. 22 23
Julia 03 05J
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
500 Blk Butto Ex 03UCCO Home 06
200 Blue Bell ... 04| 200 Jim Butler .. "T4
43C0 Brunswick . . 13! 13C0 Jim Butler . . 73
5000 Bullfrog Anx. 04J1C0O Jumbo M Co.. 72"
ICO Bullfrog Mln. 53-3CCO Jumbo M Co.. TO
2000 Bullfrg >? B* 231 10C0 Jumbo M. 9 10 10
ICO Bullfrg X Bk 2«' 3000 Jumbo M Co. . «»
10CO Cash Boy ... 16| 100 Uttle Ton ..2 00
900 Cent- Eureki..l 03! ICOO Lone Star ... 07
1000 Dlamondfleid. 39' SCO Mohawk; .» 5. IT
7000 Dlamondfleld. 38 1 500 Mohawk 13
5000 Dmdfld, s 10. 33 ( ICOO Mont MdwyEx 25
40CO DmdHd. s 10. 38 ! 200 Mont Ton 3 0O
60CO Dmdfld b 60. 4l| CCO North Star.... fU
4000 Dmdfld. b 60. 40^ 100 Ohio Ton .... 32
3000 Dominion ... 20 500 Orlg Bullfrog . J8
11C0 Eclipse , 30j 600 Orlg: Bullfrog. 23
30C0 Empire 03:1000 Sandstorm ... 63
10CO Forest City .. 25! 1000 Shosnone Gold 23 '
10CO Gold Anchor.. 84! 10CO Ton Gold Mt 13
4000 Gold Anchor.. 801 200 Ton Mid war.. 1 09
20CO Gold. Anchor.. 79. 200 West End ..,103
Afternoon Session.
2000 Adams 08' 10CO North Star.... it
200 Cash Boy ... 17[2000 Origr Bullfroc- 2*
2000 Dominion ... 205 SCO Ori« Bulirrog. 23
2OCO G Anchor. s5. 75.1000 Rescue • ft.-. ©«
3000 Gold Anchor.. 75^ 500 St Ives 17 \u25a0'
100 Goldfleld Mln. 521 200 Ton Belmont..l 20
20CO Jumbo M Co. 70( SCO Ton Gold Mt. 13 '
500 Kendall, s 30. 13 SCO Ton Home Con 08
300 Kendall 1413500 Ton Homo Con 09
SCO M'Nmra, a 30 41; 2000 Home Con.b6o. 10
ICOO Mont Bullfros 07; 300 Ton Mldway.'.l 80
100 Mont T0n.. 3 02% 12CO West Sad... l 07%
600 Mont Ton ...3 Os|looo W End. WO.l 12\*
">/;; CLOSING QUOTATIONa
Tonopah District. ' "\u25a0 > ~ -
-Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
Belmont 117 1 20] ; MacNamara. „ 41 43
Boston Ton .. — 13: Midway ......1 4? ISO
Brgr's JB Ex — IS Mlzpah Ex ... 11 12
California ... OS 10 Mont Ton 3C33 O:
Cash Boy ... 16 17! ilon Plttsburj — 18
Colehan — 10: Monitor 03 —
Eula Con ... — - 11\S T Ton Con. 13 20
Gold Anchor.. 74 73 North Star.... 53 S3
Golden Gate.. 13 — (Ohio Ton .... 3Q 33
Gold Mt 12 13; Red Rock Ex. — 15
Gold Mt Con. — . ol| Rescue 06 08
Great Westrn 02 031 Ton Exten ..5 00 560
Ind Tonopah.. 01 03|Ton Home Con 09 09
Home 05 07 Ton Sly & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler .. 73 74' Ton of Nev. l3 30 14 00
J Butler Ex. — 20! United Ton -.01 03
Little Ton ..2 CO 2 50 f West End ...1 03 1 10
Lucky Tom.. — 04|
Goldfleld District.
Adams « OSlHibernla ..... 10 —
Atlanta 07 OSjHlghland — 28
Aurora ...... 10 12 Jumbo M Co.. 70 71
Black Ants .. — 04.Jumbo.Ex 1* 18
Blk Butte Ex 02 04' Juno — 01
Black Butte.. 24- 2;i Kendall 13 11
Black Rock.. 02 03! Kendall Ex-.-. — . 10
Blue Bell ... 03 04: Lone Star ... 08 09
Blue Bull ... 10 13 1 Lucky Star .. — Ot
Brooklyn .... 01-02; May Queen . . H 2D
Butt© Gldfld.. 40 45: Mohawk 14 13
Bull & Bear. 02 03! Nevada Boy .. ~13 —
Booth M Co. OS — I Nev Goldfleld: 13 :3
COD 25 — Nev Southern. 10 , 13 \u25a0
Columbia 14 13 Oakes \u0084 — 10-
Columbia Mt. 16 18 ! Oakland ..'.?-. — 10
Conqueror ... — 21|Oro *.... — 05
Dlamondfleld. 36 3S 1 Pennsylvania.. — C 2
Diamond 10 — IPottatch Ofl —
Dmdfld Trngl. — 20 Red Lion 03 04
Dominion ... 2O 22[Red Top 38 39
Dixie 14 13 Red Top Ex. 1 . 01 "03
Empire 04 C3' Baadstorm 60 63
Exploitation.. — 04| Sandstorm Ex. C 8 10-
Fawn 05 — [Sherman — 25
Frisco .:..... — 10 Silver Pick... 10 1Z
Gold Dust ... — o!)! Slmmerone ... 22 2«
Gold Hill-..- — O4'.St Ivea 18 m
Goldfleld Mln. 50 .52' Treasure ..... 07 ' 10;
Gld & G Reed — 10! Verde 02 0t
Gldfld Rand.. 05 Oft Vernal .....;. 03 ~
Gflldfleld Ton. — 03; Wonder ...... 03 03
Great Bend .. 05 06|. 'i * r v '^v -\u25a0
Bullfrosr District. *,'; ; -
Arcareosa ... OS 10>Gold Bar ...". 2S — .
Amethyst.... — r«|OMftU mrtlfrery — (>#-,
B!ir Bullfrog. 12 " — ; Ltge Harrf3. . . C 2 03
Bonnie Clarcl 25 — :Mont Bullfrog. 07 **8 ;
Bullfrog Mln. 50 63 Orl< •Bullfrog. 24 53"
BullfroK Anx. 03 «H Fed Dck .... 12 ~
Bullfrojt Coin C 7 10' Shoshone ..... — 10—
Bullfrog Ex.. 1-S 20 Shpshon B Gld 23 *-a
nitric Jumper. — ll!Stelnway ...... 17 19
BuUfrj* N- Bk. 23 26 Ventura '11 12
Den Bullfrog. 21 23! Vista Grande.. — 08
Den Big Anx — ' OfiiWolvertae ...'. 03 10
Eclipse ..:•.. 29 Sir
Oth«r Districts ,-_.'
Brown Hope.. 13 —[Paymaster ... .08 04
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — Money on call, easy;
highest, 2 per cent; lowest. 2; ruling rate, 2;
Uet loan. 2; closing- bid, 2; offered, 2. lime
.- r>- t^teaay and dull; sixty and runety days.
3146334 per cer.t; six months. 4 per cent.
Viime mercantile paper. 45?4 1 4-
Sterling exc.har.ee steady, with actual busi
rcs* in bankers' bills at $4.8R505j4.8655 for de
trmnA and at 54.547t,54.«80 for sixty day bills;
posted rates. *4 65%<g457%; commercial bills.
Pr- Bar silver, 59% c.
/ Mexican dollars. 45% c.
United Suites beeds, firm; railway bonds, ir
r^cular. »
New York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— CATTLE — Receipts.
7000. Steady. Good to prime steers, $5 2b&
5 90; poor to medium. $3 75@5 10; stockers and
feeders $2 25@4; cows. $-' 50©4 50; heifers.
$2 25@4 85: canners, $1 50<&2 40; bulls. $2 50@4:
calvee, $3@'7: Texas fed steers, $3 75@>5; West
ern steers. $3 So@4 fO.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day. 25,000; to-morrow,
15,000. Market 10c to 15c lower. . Mixed and
butchers $5 60<§S 05; good to choice heavy,
?5 85@t>; rough heavy, $5 40<g>6 65; light. $5 75
<g6 10- bulk of sales, S5 60&-5 95.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16,000. . Sheep, eteady;
lambs steady; good to choice -wethers, $4 50-$
4 85; fair to choice mixed, ?4@4 50; Western
sheep. $4(8-4 75; native lambs, $5@7 50; Western
lambe, $5 50@7 10. . -
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, MX*). Steady. Native steers, $4<g3 60:
native cows and heifers. $2@5 25; 6tockers and
feeders, $2 75Q4'35; Bulls. $2 15®+} 75; calves.
$:{so@«; Western steers, $3 50@5; Western
cows. $2@3 50.
HOGS— Receipt*;. 6000. Market 10c lower.
Bulk of sales. $5 85©5 87%; heavy, $5 76@JS5;
packers, $5 75<g5 90; pigs and . lights, $3-75®
5 W).
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Steady. Muttons,
*4 15@5 20; lambs, $5Qt; 50; range wethers,
$4 slHgs 25; fed ewes. $4@4 40. •
Omaha.
OMAHA. Aug. 3. — CATTLE — Receipts, 2300.
Steady. Native steers, $3 60-gO 50; cows and
heifers, $2 So®4 40; Western steers, $3 50®
4 00; Texas steers, $2 75ft3 75; cows and
heifers, $2@3 65; canners, $1 50@2 50; calves,
$3@5 50; bulls and stags, ?2©3 15.
HOGS — Receipts. 10,000. Market 10c lower.
Heavy. $5 55@5 65; mixed. $5 60@*> 65: light,
$5 65@u 70; pigs, $4 7505 60; bulk Of sales,
°SHEEP— Receipts. 5200. Steady. Western
ye arlings $4 75<g3: wethers, J4 25®4 50; ewes,
?3 80&4; iambs, $6<&o 50. ' /
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
London Cloning; Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90^! N T Central 150? l
Do for acct... 90% Nor & Western... 88%
Anaconda 6 Do pfd 96
Atchison 89% Ont & Western... 54%
Do pfd 103%| Pennsylvania . 73%
Bait & 0hi0.... ..118% Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific . 159H Reading 53%
Ches & Ohio 56% Do Ist pfd 48
Chi Great West.. 20% 1 • Do 2d pfd 48
Chi. Mil & St P. 184 ? i ISo Railway 36%
De B.eers l'K\ Do pfd 101 j
D^n & Rio G.... 321,$ go Pacific 60%
Do pfd S9H Union Pacific ....133%
Erie 4S Do pfd 100-
Do Ist pfd 86% U S Steel 86%
Do 2d pfd 76% Do pfd 106^4
111 Central 175%'Wabash 20
Louis & Nash 143% l Do pfd 42
M. X & Texas... 29% j Spanish 4» 81%
Bar silver — 27 1 4 d per- ounce.
Money — 1% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
Fhort bills is 1 3-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 1 LVI 6 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $129,730,551; gold coin ajid
bullion. $50,212,696, v . j
Xciv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3. — The bureau report Is
bullish. 16 per cent lower than last year's con
dition of 91.4, which, when added to 15 per
cent decrease In the acreage, promises a crop
of only two-thirds that of a year ago, aay
9,112.000 bales, and when ngured on the small
crop year of- 1003 it only points to 8,800,000.
If we allow 7 per. cent for exaggeration only
9.925.0C0 is the result on last year's baEis anl
only 9.."00.000 on the ba«s of the year before.
The Government report of conditions in the
cotton . belt fully confirms recent private re
port? and ve/y plainly shows that the crop Is
actually threatened with failure and that the
season may prove a. calamitous one to the pro
ducer unless weather condition* from now on
are of the most perfect character. On tht
basis of this report the indications point to
ultimately higher prices regardless of present
manipulation.
Futures opened weak. August, offered
lO.r.Cc; September, 10.3:1 c; October, 10.60 c; No
vember, 10.74 c; December, 10.79 c; January.
10.S.'tc; February. 10.57 c; March, 10.92 c; April,
10.96 c; May, 10.97 c.
Futures closed steady. September, 10.64 c;
October, 10.64 c; November, 10.68 c; December,
10.73 c; January, 10.80 c; February. 10.85 c;
March, 10.85 c: April, 10.93 c; May. 10.97 c.
Spot closed quiet, o points higher. Middling
uplands, lie; middling gulf, 11.25 c. Sales, 200
bales.
.>>« Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 3.— COTTON— Quiet.
Middling uplands, 10% c.
. ' Meat Market.
The situation Is as previously quoted, both
as to prices and conditions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — ;%©s%c for Steers and 3%@4%c per
lb for Cows. \u25a0 -
VEAL— Large. 6@7c: small. B#9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%8»%c; Ewes. 3®6%c
per lb. • '-\u25a0 '..i •-."\u25a0\u25a0
LAMB— S*g9c per lb. .
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 6%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following" quotations are for good sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 5%@6c: Cows and Heif
ers. 4<&'4%c.
CALVES— 3%®4c per lb: (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%®3%c; Ewes. 3©3% c
per lb (gross weight)..-
LAMBS— $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 to 200 lbs, 5%@6c;
over 200 lbs, 5%@5%c; Feeders, nominal: Sows.
20 per cent off: Boars, 50 per cent off. ami
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandlae.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 7%c: Wool Bags. 27©
31c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags, 6>-4iB7c.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wei-,
llngton $S- Seattle: $8 50: Bryant, 96 50:
Beaver' Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond. $8: Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump,
$11 50- Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50*313 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
OlLS— CiWations are for barrels: for cases
add 5c- Linseed. 64c per gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 1401 16: Lucol. 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw; China Nut. cases. 65^
80c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 58c
for Ceylon and 65c for : extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c- extra bleached winter Whale
OH 65c- natural -Whale OH. 60c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c; No. 1 N«atsfoot Oil.
57% c; Herring Oil 45c : Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 3oc; raw Fish Oil. 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil, in bulk, lie; Pearl Oil in caaes.
17% c; Astral, 17% c; Star, 17^c: Extra Star,
20% c; Elaine, 26c; Eocene, lD%c; Stove Gaso
line in bulk. 14% c; <n cases. 21c; Motor Gaso
line' in bulk. 14 % - in cases. 21c: No. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums. 8c; No.
2 do 6V.C- cases. 6%c more; Betizlne. in bulk.
12% c; cases. 19c- 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk.
25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 83c per gallon in cases and
77c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@
8c per lb: White Lead. 7%@Bc. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.21*:;
Powdered, 5.05 c; Candy Granulated. 5.05 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 4.95 c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
4.65 c; Fruit Granulated 4.95 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.85 c: Confectioners'
A. 4.95 c: Magnolia A 4.55 c: Extra C. 4.45 c;
Golden C. 4.35 c; "D,*' 4.25 c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes 50c more; CO-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 5.45 c: boxes. 5.70 c: H. & E. Crystal
Domlnoa 7.95 c per lb. No order taken for less
than . seventy-five barreH or Its equivalent.
The report of Kdwar*d A. Boa Is, Section Di
rector V. S. Weather Bureau for the Oregon j
Oop Bulletin, week ended Aug. 1, is as fol- ;
lows: •
The past v,-«n-k was warm and dry, but not j
f-o warm e £ the preceflmg week. All lat* 1
crops would be benefited by rain, but tiiey
axe doing fairly well without it. The fall
pram harvest ig" well a<Jv»?:ced and the yields
generally are extra pood, both as to quality
and quantity. The spring wheat harvest is
now becoming general, and whereas the yields
v/ere shortened pomewhat by the preceding hot |
\u25a0weather, the damage turns out to be '.ess than j
expected. Pasturage it getting, dry. but stock !
ej- a rule onntinuee in excellent condition.
The tecond rrop of alfalfa is being harvested,
\u25a0w;:V, satisfactory returns.
fcdpa tre doing well, and the hot weather, >
combined with more spraying of the vines
than usual, ha* caused me lice to nearly all
(tls&ppttr a and the crop now promisee to be a
better one than was expected a few weeks
ego. Field onions are ripening and lye pota- j
toet'are thrifty and promising. Some damage 1
if being done in Washington County to late (
potato tor * by array worms. Corn i« tssselins 1
and making good advancement. Early peaohts
ar> m the market. Apples are doing well, but
Italian prur.es are dropping more than they
UFuaJly do at this eeaenn of the year.
Orecon Crop Bulletin.
I erxvconsolidat Gas.. 192 |191%!191 192
; 200iCbrn Products... &% 8% 9 10
I(H>, Do rfd 45^; 45%', 44 46
300 Del & Hudson . 185% 195 194% 195
500JD L & W .... 140 ;4:iS 420 440
I !D & R G i [ 31% 32
100. Do pfd S6%i 80% | 86% Sti»i
|Dep M&Ft D 115 23
20o,Detrolt fn Ry . . 93 93 92% 93
! {Detroit Southern 10 | 12
j Diamond Match 14C%|141%
Distilling S<*cur 42 | 42%
Dis Secur Bonds 8l» 90
4,Coo,Duluth S S & A. IC%| 15% 16% j ltt I **
600J Do pfd 33 j ai'i 32'fel 33
n.COOJErte 47V»i 4<)%| 47i.»| 47*4
2.HX'| Do Ist pM 84m S3"* 84% 1 Si 1-*1 -*
Soo| Do 2d pfd 74 U | 74»,i 74% 74-'^
lE&TH C 3 65
; Do rfd | S5 90
;Ft W & D r 71 74
I jGeneral Chemical 02 65
4iOC:Genftral Ele<-tricil7Ssi ;178 !175%|170
SKj(jf<jt Northern pfd.j2S7 |257 257 J2BB
! ,Green Cons Cop.j 1 23% 24%
!Gre^n Gold i | 4 4Vi
Hockinp Valley..! | 92 93%
IOOj Do pfd 93 03 !93 93%
SOOJllinois Central .|l7l 170^1171 !171%
Interboro 1 215»i|21tt%
(Inter Marine 12% 13
: Do pfd 30 30%
Inter Paper 19% 20
: Do rfd 76 78
|lnt<?r Power 33 36%
'Inter Pump 27% 30 \u25a0\u25a0
] Do pfd 7C " 80
100 lowa Central .. 25%! 28%; 28 25%
600| Do pfd 54% j 53 54 1 54 55
I Japs 4% Bonds | j 92m 92%
Do p:d lsts 101\i|l01%
Do 2ds &9-"X,100
Kansas City Sou 2tj' 2 , 27
1 Do Dfd 67% 58
,Keokuk & Dcs M 1..... 13 15
|Lac!ede Gas pfd .. 95 1K»
iLake Erie & W 32% 35
J Do pfd ." 9.3 97
ILehtgh Valley 64 tiB
'Long Island 55 5«
15,200; Louis & Nash... 147% 146 147mi47Vi
:Mackay 40%| 41
I Do pfd 74141 74%
jManhattan 160 |160%
600, Met Securities... 82 ] 81% 82 | 82%
7.600, Met Pt P.y 127V126*{i127%!12S
B, 2f«o; Mexican Central. 22T^| 22 22% j»2Ts
l,4oo;Minn &St L 67% H.'{'4 67 70
600, Do Ist pfd 95' 03% 95 99
1,300,' M. St P&S S M 132 129 i«. 131% 132%
I Do pfd 161 H;2%
jMo, Kan & Tex j 28» 2.S'«j
I Do pfd | 62',i Ci
l,3oo;MiSFouri Pacific. JlooU ! 09% 100% 100«.
600!Nash, C & St L. 1149' ; *, : 14«V" I 147 1150
13,700 National Lead... 49%j «B%i 4S»4 i 4STs
200! Do pfd |105 1105 |1(8J4J105%
iNtl R R Mcx pfdj I 138 ;{S%
feOO.National BiEcuit.| 55%! 57U1 Z7 57%
300; Do pfd |115 115 114% 113
6W New Jersey Cen.;2o9U:2o7V:!un I -j,j210
400 N V Airbrake... iis3%jlO2t* i152%|15;l
COO.Xew York Cen..147%'146% 147^ 114114
400;N Y. C & St L. 52»«l 52%! 52 I 52<i
I Do Ist pfd 116' 120
Do 2d pfd si 8:{
|New York Dock 1 24 25
N Y. X H & H ;201% 202 '
3.4001N Y. Ont & W. 53% 52%\ 53% 5.J <4 "
3,4oo;Norfolk & Weßt.| 86% Sj% SK Mi^i
Do pfd 1.-.;.] 192 94
l,2oo,North American.) 100%; 100 |100% 101
iNorthern Sees...; j.....]173 175
fcOO, Northern Pacific. 204% 204 1204 204%
jOmaha 188 [100
i Do pfd ji'jO |20i)
iO S L 4s | i | »(JV.| m%
lOC'.Pacittc Coast | »\u25a0» I 94 94 95
I Do Ist pfd 1 1 103 110
i Ko M pfd | J H3 95
lOOiPaciac Mail (43 ] 43 K-42% i.'s:
le^CK^Penn R R C0...|143 |142%|142%!143 "
4,500Pe0ple > B Gas ;107 |1U5% !10(i-> 4 a«(>;»
P. C, C & St L. | 14%j lo>4
) Do pfd ) ) jioo |H's
6,300 Pressed Steel Carj 44?;, 43% I 44% [ 45
100! Do pfd ] o«%| <M%; BOHI !>U%
iPu!!man Car Co.| 1238 J240
IOO.Ry Steel Springs) 36 | 'M | 30 i
I Do pfd j I 189 100
77,700|Readlng 10<;% 104 1 /-, lOti^'lOli'4
100; Do Ist pfd 93 % 'M~i\ 9.1% 94
700j Do 2d pfd 91 U 91% J 92 92%
l.lOOßepublic S & 1.. 21 20>4 20% 21 '
1,200| Do pfd 84 83% ».'<% S.'s T^
100 Rubber Goods... 35 35 33 35y.
j Do pfd 104 105
600;Sloss SS& I Co SU T 6( 86% 1 $><!%! 87
I Do pfd IUS "(125
Ist j & a 1 1 151AI 16
200,5t L&S F Ist pfd 76% 76 76 | 76%
3COj Do 2d pfd 65% «S% OS | t>"!>
IOO.St L & S W 24 24 24 24' i
200j Do pfd 61%! 61V4 61 61 %
3,100 Southern Pac .. 65 64% 04% 65'
( Do pfd 117% 118%?;
55,5f.»0 Seuthern Ry ... 35% 34% 35»i| a 5%
400j Do pM 95% 98% 95% 98%
[Standard Oil 616 " ( C2O
200, Stand Rope & T *1% 1% % 1%
2,Coo;Tenn Coal & 1.. 59% B>i%\ «9% S9V4
|Tex Pac L T Co I 4.J 44
300 Texas Pacific .. 33% 3S%] 33i/i :tt%
200 Third Aye 127 127 (126% 127
JWO'ToI Ry & Tr Co 35 35 I .{4% :{5
20C|Tol St L & W.. 38 38 .JS 35%
100 Do pfd 57% 571,41 5714 57%
3,4oojTwin City R T.. |116 113%iH6 llfi^i
lUn Bag & Paper 10 10%
100, Do pfd 74 74 73% 75
29,000 Union Pacific . . 130% 129% 150%|130%
Do pfd 98 I 98%
Do Cony 4s 12!t% l:jo%
United Copper 32 32%
2.Boo|Un Rds of S F. . 70 e<J% 69% 70%
1.400| Do pfd 86% 87% SB% 80
Do 4s 90% 91%
600 U B Cast I Pipe. 32% 31% 31% 31%
GOO 1 , Do Pfd 02% 92% i 92% 92%
U S Exprets 122% 126
200 U S Leather..-. 13% 13% 13 13%
Do pfd 110 112
1.400 U S Red &R Co 35 34% 34% 34%
2,300 Do prd 72% 71% Tl% 72
I.IOOIU S Rubber 52% 52 51 52
Do pfd 11)9% 110%
15 600 U S Steel Cor.. 35% 34% 35 35%
10 900 Do pfd 104% 103% 103% 104
100 Va-Car Chem Co 33% 33% 33% 31%
Do pfd- 105% 106%
"'\u25a0'zoo'wabash 19% 19% 19% 19%
Do pfd 39% 40%
..- Do Deb Bs .- 70 72
Wells-Fargo Ex 233' 235
100 Western Union.. 93% 93% 83% 93%
Westinghouse IC6 169
Do Ist pfd 190 195
!!1....W&LE 16 16%
200 Wis Central .... 23% 23% ZiVt 23%
Do pfd .*.., 1 i..... 51V4 51%
445,800— T0tal shares sold.
New York Bonds.
! TJ s ref 2s reg.-103% Japan 6s, cert 101%
Do coupon 10.1 ft Japan 6s. 2d ser. 99%
Do 3s reg 103V4 Japan 4%5. cert.. 92%
Do coupon 103V4 L & N unified 48.104%
Do new 4s reg.l32 Man con gold 45. 104
Do coupon 132 Mcx Central 45... 77%
Do old 4s reg.. 104 Do Ist mc 24%
Do coupon 104 Minn &St L 4s. 97%
Amer Tob 4s 74% M. X & Tex. 45.. 102
Do 63 115% Do 2ds 86
Atch gen 4s 10.i% NR of Mcx con 4s 82%
Do adj 4s 99 NYC gen 3%5.. 99%
Atlantic C L 45.102%1N J C gen 5s 134%
Bait & Ohio 45. 105% I Nor Pacific 4S4 S 105%
Do "%s 95Vi! Do 3s 77%
Central of Ga 55.114 Nor & W con 45.102%
Do Ist mc 98 OS L refdir 45... 96%.
Do 2d mc 86% Pa cony 3%s 104
Che* & Ohio 4%e.1(K)% Reading pen 45... 102%
Chi & Alton 3%5. SO ISL&IM ccn 55.116W
C. B & Q new 4s.lol%jSt L & s F fg 4s. 88%
C, R I & Pac 4s. 83 Ist J. S W con 4s. 52%
Do col 5s 94%! Seaboard A L 4s. 89V4
C.C.C &SL En4s.lO.'t JSo Pacific 4s <)5%
Chi Term if 90% Do Ist 4s cert. 06%
Colo Midland 45.. 74%!50 Railway 5e 119
Colo & So 45.... f14%!T01, St L & V.' 4s. 85%
Colo Ind ss, ser A 73% Tex & Pac 15t5..121
Do ss. «r 8.. 71%i Union Pacific 45.1C5%
Cuba se. cert. ...107 Do con 4* ISO
Den & Rio G 4».1O1 |U 8 Steel 2d 55.. 95%
Dl»t Securities 5s 80% ! Wabash lsts .....118%
Erie prior lien 4s.lolVii- Do deb B ..'...• TO'i
Do pen 4s JB%! Western Md 4t>... fifi
F W & D C lsts.H4%lAV & L Erie 4g... B3U
Hock Val 4%5.-.llo%fWls Central 4e... 03%
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con "0 ; Little Chief 05
Alice 55] Ontario ...... 2 00
Breece 40!Ophir 6 50
Bruns Con 10: Phoenix OS
ComFtock Tunnel. " 07 PotoM 10
Con Va Mln Co.. 1 2f> Savage ...: 6.1
Horn Silver ....'. 1 03] Sierra Nevada.... 33
during the past tw o daya, but stocks are «o
heavy that the market still labors under the
accumulation. £ Quotations • are unchanged.
There Is nothing new In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— S2I *0@22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2e^2B 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $2.1@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 50022 SO;'
OUcake Meal at the mill. *33 CC@3j 50; joobtng,
$35; Cocoanut Cake at mill. $22'gC-'2 50; Jobbing.
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mill. *22@22 50; jobbing,
$23; Corn Meal, $30@30 50: Cracked Corn.
$30 50&31r Mixed Feed, $22 50®24: Horse
Beans, $30®40 per ton; Broom Corn - Feed, 00 j
per ctl; Calfalfa Meal, carload lots, $21; job
bing. $22 50 per ton; Mealfalfa. $18 -In car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY— Wheat $9®13 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50012 50; Oat. $7@ll 50; Barley and Oat.
»7@10: Barley, $6 50@9; Volunteer Wild Oat.
$5<&8; stable. $6 50© S 50; stock. $5@6; Clover.
$7<ftlo; Affalfa, $6@9 per ton:
STRAW— 3OtgSOo per bale
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans are weaker partly In sympathy
with a decline ' down south and partly owing
to the presence on the local market of some
Inferior odds and ends which are offering at
prices which tend to weaken the upper grades.
Pinks are reported suffering from mildew in
the south. Bayos are firm at the recent ad-,
vance.
New Brown Mustard Seed Is offering.
BEANS— Bayos. $4@4 BO; Pea. *3®3 50;
Butter, $2 5G@4; small White. $3 25@3 75; large
White. ?2 60@2 90;- Pink. $1 50<g2 50 for lair
to good and $3 25®3 75 for choice: Red. $3 50
@7; Lima, $5 50@5 70; Red Kidneys, $3@4 50;
Blackeyes, $3@3 15 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 25@2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 50@3 75; Yellow
Mustard nominal; Flax, $2 25<g2 75; Canary.
6%c: Alfalfa, 10@llc for California and 12®
13c for Utah; Rape. 2%@3%c; Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet. 2%®3%c;
Broom Corn Seed. *20<g21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Ntles, $2@2 25: Green Peaa.
$1 50®2 # per ctl.
Potatoes, ' Onions and Vegetables. '
There was continued weakness In Potatoes
and Onions, trade being of an ordinary routine
chj.jacu-r. Receipts of botn v,>re light aitl
\u2666he bcut with fresh supplies f'em the- rivet
d'strieu o'rived late, but tha market was not
affected in the least, there 'b>:!ns enough ac
ciinm'au-fl stock on hand »o si'iply the town
for a vtil..
In the \tn table line *wy*Zx\ug except l^as
and Ifcuh* v!>r In free supply- -and prices fai
erally had a downward tendency. Cucumber
and Tomatoes were the most plentiful and
weakest descriptions, sales of the latter above
40c per box being rare. Green Corn was
easier under more liberal offerings.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 40<&50c per ctl;
White 35@65c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, 85c@
$1 per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 40@55c per ctl.
ONIONS— YeIIow, 75c@$l per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3<&3%c per lb;
String and Wax Beans, 4@6c per lb; Lima
Beans. 6<37c per " lb; Tomatoes, 25@50c per
box; Summer Squash. 35@50c per box; Cucum
bers, 25@40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nom
inal; Cabbage, 70c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per
sack; Garlic. 3@4c per lb : Egg Plant, $1@
1 25 per box; Green Peppers. 65c(g$l per box
for Chile and $I@l 25 for Bell; Green Okra.
75c@$l Per box: Green Corn, $1 25@2 per
sack and $252 25 per crate.
Poultry and Ganie.
Two carloads of Western Henß, one of which
came in to a leading retail firm, jvere on sale
and met -with a fair demand at-gooJ prices.
Supplies of domestic Poultry, while less ex
cessive,, were stlil ample, and there was no
Improvement in prices or market conditions.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 19@21c per lb for
old and 23®25c for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50: Goslings, $1 50(31 75: Ducks. $3 50
(J4 per dozen for old and $4®4 50 for young;
Kens, $4@s' for small - and $5 50@t> for
large; young Roosters, $4 50@&; old Roos
ters $4fi 4 50- Fryers $303 50; Broilers $2@3;
Pigeons. $1 25; Squabs, $1 50@l 75. ,
GAME — Hare. $1 60@l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbi ts. $1 50©2 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Bess.
The choicer grades of Butter are showing
more steadiness among some . houses which
\u25a0re quoting 24c. while those houses which are
carrying large stocks are storing their surplus
to fcee:> their floors reasonably, clear. It will
thus be seen that the situation Is somewhat
unsettled." General quotation* remain un
changed.
The situation in Cheese remains the came.
The shelves are full of old and medium grade
goods, while choice mtld new continues in light
supply and firm. -> •. .
Eggs, as already mentioned, are rather easy
than otherwise, as the advance has checked
the retail trade. Prices remain the same.
Receipts were lighter yesterday than for some
time.
Thirty houses have put up a month's dues
In the new Dairy Exchange now being formed
and a general meeting will probably be held
next week to arrange for the beginning of the
regular sessions.
Receipts were 63,000 lbs Butter. 925 cases
Eggs and. 63.000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 23c
for extras and 22@22%c for lower and medium
grades: dairy, 20<g22c; cold storage. 21%@23c;
store Butter, I«@i7%c.
CHEESE — Good to choice mild new, 9SIOC;
common, B%c; Young Americas, 10%@llc;
Eastern. 14@16c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 27%@29c for large white se
lected and 25@2Cc for fair to good; store
Eggs, 164?22c; Eastern firsts. 20@24c; seconds.
16@18c per dozen: \u25a0'
I'/all-strcct Stocks higher and Cotton lower.
Not much variation in local Stocks and Bonds.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat dud Barley Futures weaker. Other Grain\ unchanged.
Previous conditions rule in Ha\< and Feedstutfs.
Lima Beans weaker. Crop of Pinks affected by mildczi'.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still in large supply.
Nothing rittb in the Poultry and Game markets.
Deciduous Fruits still very plentiful. Limes still higher.
Continued firmness in Dried Fruits, Peaches and Prunes leading.
Provisions and Meats as before quoted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Thirty Butter houses deposit dues for the nezv exchange.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Iron Silver 3 28! Small Hopes .....* 34
Leadville Con C6,'Standard 135
mi.Mon Stwk* and ' Bonds.
Money — | U S Steel 35
Call loans 2«i(f:j%| Do pfd ...103%
Time loans 3%@4%i Westing Common. 83
Bonds — 1 Mmmg —
Atchlson 4s .102%] Adventure' 5%
Do adj 4s 07" .Allouez 33'/i
Mcx Central 45.. 77>.i> Amal Copper .... &IM
Railroads — I Airitr Zinc 10
Atchison 86 T /i' Atlantic \u25a0 17%
Do pfd 102%|BinRham 30%
Boston & Albany.2ss j Calumet & Hecla.67s
Boston A- Maine.. :77 i Centennial 22%
Boston Elev 153 1 Copper Range ... 70%
Fitchbui-f; pfd 14« I Daly West 1C
Mcx Central 2'J% Dom Coal 77"
N Y. N H & H..201 |Franklin 12%
Pere Marquette... i)S j Mass Minine MM
Union Pacific .. .130%; Michigan U I A
Miscellaneous — I Mont Coal & Coke 2%
Amer Arge'Chcm. 22 1 i: Mohawk '53
Do pfd 92% Old Dominion ... 28
Amer Pneu Tube. 6 I Parrot 25%
Amtr Sugar 142%'Quincy 104
Do pfd 135 |Phannon 7%
Amer Tel & TeI. WSUI Tamarack 123
Amer Woolen ... 30 I Trinity —
Ed Elect Ilium.. 244%! United Copper ... 324
Gen Electric 178 U S Mining 34
Mass Electric 17% U S Oil 30%
Do pfd 61 Utah ; 45%
Mass Gas 45>,i Victoria *
Unit** Frulfc 103%!Winona 12
Un Shoe Mach... 71 %i Wolverine US
Do pfd 32%|
BOSTON COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON, Mass., Aug 3.— Allouez was well
bought and advanced easily. A little more
pressure was brought to bear on Copper Range,
which receded to 70. but at this figure no
stock could be bought as it was simply a
drive.
and 9%c for pure: half-barrels. pure. 814 c;
10-lb tins. 10Vic:.5-lb tins. 10% c; 3-lb tins,
10% c..
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8V«e: three
half barrels. SKc; one tierce. 8c; two tierce*.
7%c: five tierces. 7%c per. lb.,
Hides. Tallow, Wool'and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brar..l« wll
about ¥t<Rle under quotations. Heavy Salt«l
Steers. 12c: medium, .lie: light, lie: Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and lie for tight:
Stags, 8c; Salted Kip. lie: Salted Wai. 1-c:
Salted Calf. 13c: dry Hides. 19«: dry Kip.
17c; dry Calf. 2Jc: Sheepskins, shfarlints
L5«MOc each: >hort Wool. 50® 75c each: miw
Socftsl 10; long Wool. $1 2562: Horse HW
salt. $3 lor large and $2 75 for medium.
$2 25 for small and' 50c for Cplu: H°r»
Hides dry. $175 for large and $1 »'» f •>'
medium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
fcklns— Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central American. 30c. Goat Skin«—
Prime Angoras 75c: extra large do. $1 -5.
large. 50c- medium. 50c: small. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vj®4c per lb.
No. 2. 3(ff3Uc; Grease m®2%c. •
WOOL— Sp'rins clip— Humboldt and Merdo
clno. 2S«rMie. Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs,
free. 17®19c; do. defective 15@lSc P« r w lb ;^..
HOPS— I9O4 crop, 16%515%c per lb: 1900
crop, 15c.
the \u25a0 last* half hour of the session prices fluc
tuated within a narrow range. The wheat
market closed steady, with September at 84%
eS4%e. \u25a0.-.'
Sentiment in the corn pit was bullish the
entire session. At the start the market was
affected by a sharp advance in. the price of
corn at Liverpool. The market closed strong,
with prices . practically at the highest point.
September, %©%c higher at 53%@54%c sold
uji to 55% c and closed at 55c. , \u25a0 ,
A firm tone prevailed in-- the oats market.
September opened unchanged at 28c, sold be
tween 27% c and 28»>s@2S*ic, and closed at
2S%c. '
Provisions were weak as a result of the 10@
15c decline in the price of live hogs. At the
close September pork was off 10c. lard was
down 5c and ribs were 7%c lower.-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 — ,'..-\u25a0
September ..... 84% 85 84' A . 84%
December 1 86% 56% 85%" Bfi
May -80% 89%. 88% SS%
Corn No. 2- —
Sept. (old) 54% 55% 54 65%
Sept. (new) .... 54*4 55H 53 v, 55
Dec. "(old). .... -48H' 49 4SV* 49'
Dec. (new) 46% 46% 46 4«%
Ma 5 "?.* 0 :.. 2 " 46Vi ' 46U 45V1 46%
September '28 28% 27% 28V*
December 25% 28% 28%. 28%
May 30% ' 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
September ......13 40 13 45 13 40 -13 40
October 13 32% 13 32% 13 30 13 32%
Lard, ncr 100 lbs. —
September ..... 7 37% 7 42% 7 37% . 7 40
October '.7 45 7 50 7 45 7 47%'
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.—
September 810 8 12% 810 810
October 8 17% 820 815 8^17%
Cash Grain and Provisions. . .
CHICAGO' Aug. 3. — Cash Quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. '2 spring wheat,
$1 05@l 10; No. 3, 05c@l 05; No. 2 red, 86®
S6%c; No 2 corn, 57c; No. 2 yellow, 57*4®
57%e; Xo. 2 oats, 27% c: No. 2 white,- 29®
30% c; No. 3 white, 25%@29c;, No. 2 rye, 59%
diiiOc; good feeding barley, 36@38c: fair to
choice malting. 41<g44e; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 26;
No. I Northwestern, §1 33; prime timothy
seed, $3 25; mess pork per . bbl., $13 43®
13 50; lard per 100 lbs., $7 30ig7 32%; short
ribs sides (loose), JSloffiSl2>A; short clear
tides (boxed), $S 37%<3S 50; whiskey, basis of
high wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade,
$12 50012 75. .
Articles — Receipts.Shlpm'ts.
Flour, bbla 30,800 28,000
Wheat, bu 236,200 35,700
Corn, bu 151,000 137,900
Oats, bu 257,600 265,800
Bye, bu 3,000
Barley, bu 14..800 500
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
! CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 17@20%c; dairies, 16®21c. Eggs
eteady, at mark cases included. 16c; firsts,
16% c; prime firsts, 19c; extra, 21c. Cheese,
firm. 10%@11%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4, 1905.
15
Continued on Page 14.
' The . situation remains unchanged, the mar
ket belnr firm enough but quiet. .
CURED MEATS — Bacon. . 12c > per lb for
heavy 12c for -light , medium. 13% c for light.
14c for extra light' and lG@l7%c for sugar
cured: , dry Salt; Sides. 10c: Bellies, ll%e;
Eastern sugar-cured .Hams. 13%«5'14c; Califor
nia Hams,- 12H©13c: Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl;
extra Mesa. $10; Family. $11; nrlme Mess
Pork, $14; extra clear ,$l9 50; Mess. $17 50;
Pig Pork. $22 : . Pigs' ; Feet, $5 : - Smoked Beef,
14c per lb. \u25a0 .;..:• ..-. . - •• ' - -
-• ' LARD— Tierces '\u25a0• quoted at 5%c per lb .for
California compound,' 7c for Eastern compound
Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AUCTION SALEg
j^v.^ AT AUCTION. 20 head of all purpose
\u25a0 horses. By order of Ceors- Sylvia.
This. stock must be acid to the highest bidder.
Saturday. August 3. at 11 a. m.. at 613 Broad-
way. Oakland.
J. F. BAUMGARTEN. Auctioneer.A 1A 1 Lovely Trlanjcle Electric Ride
Through orchards, foothills,, over inter
urban, railway;,. Cars 'leave broadgauge
depot, San Jose". 'every half hour on Sun
day for Saratoga; Congress Springs,. Los
Gatos. Band concert at Congress Springs
on Sunday. . - . •
| HEALTH BOARD S RESTRAI.VED.—United
Stales Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday issued
a temporary." restraining . ; bnler against the
Board of Health and other officials preventing
them from interfering with the sale of liquo
zonc.; and commanding them to appear in court
on August 21 at 10 a. m. to show cause vhv
an Injunction should not be Issued during the
pendency « of th«> trial \u25a0\u25a0 of : the * suit brought by
the .Liquozone Company to - recover - %ZTtn Oofl
damages. The complaint I'denies1 ' denies that llo'uo
zonc contains formaldehyde 'or other poison^ •
Town Talk's latest household number
is a' magazine of exceptional quality. It
is a sixty-three page paper, beautifully,
illustrated and^abounding in short sto
ries.: special /articles, breezy news and
sprightly 'comment.' Louis A. Robert
son's latest poem,' one of the strongest
and most melodious ever. written by this
gifted artist, appears in this number.
Among the'other;contributors, are Hu
bert Howe Bancroft, Herman Cheffauer,
Harry Cowell, Paul Clark. Irene Con
nell, Oliver White and O. L. Blake. The
Saunterer tells of/ the shocking; of the
Browning Club. ;' the recruiting : of
Blingum from Porkopolis. how a society
belleis leading the. simple ""-Hfe and the
thrcuteninp: of Mrs. Ynez Shorb .White
with a rival club. He disx-usses Mrs.
Martin's stand on the divorce question:
He tells all about the trouble at Tait's
and he gives; a lot of inside political
news. The cartoon this week is of. W.
F. Herrln. • \u25a0 -'- ; '.
BARTENDER ", DIES SUDDENLY. —J.
Kchwlnn; a' bartender, at the .Norman Caf#, ! -4n
Bush .. street, . was found "dead -In -bed , in his
room at "20 Kearny street yesterday morning.
Heart, disease .Is believed to have been the
cause of ' death. ' .". ' •
".'-'"\u25a0\u25a0-' . « \u2666 \u25a0 /. - \u25a0
Pure Food and Burnett'* Vanilin
are. the tame; Get Burnett's and take no risks.*
Town Talk.
Poverty-stricken and friendless at the
age of 69 years. Frederic Epson, at one
time one of the lions of the Mexican
colony In this city, passed away in the
City and County Hospital last Monday
i>pson was a native of the City of Mcx
ico. his father being an Englishman and
his mother a Mexican. He came to this
city when quite young and in 1559 founded
tlie Mexican newspaper La Sociedad Mr
Epson took an active part in all the so
cial and national functions of the colony
and was a universal favorite. After the
death of his father he took charge of his
aged mother and cared for. her - lovingly
and tenderly. Four years ago she died
and yrrief over her loss unbalanced hla
mind and destroyed his usefulness. His
remains were taken in charge by the city
undertaker and a pauper's funeral was
the best that was given him.
Once Brilliant Lion of the Mexican Col
ony nnri Editor of l.a Socleda.l
Passes Away. - <
FREDERIC; EPSON'S DODV
KILLS A PAUPER'S GRAVE
The baby girl taken by Thomas
Acosta, a musician, from 1421% Powell
street ' early . Sunday morning- was
traced by Detective Cody yesterday
morning- to the residence of Jerry Sin
berth, ISB3 ' Fifteenth avenue South,
where it had been left in an almost
nude condition by Acosta on Sunday
night. Acosta is the child's father, but
the mother had been allowed its cus
tody by Judge Sloss. She, was notified
that- the • child was. *in care of. the
matron at the City Prison and hurried
to the prison and got her baby. "Acosta
will be tried on a charge of disturbing
the peace and may also be punished by
Judge Slos3 for contempt of court.
Mm. Acosta Recovers Her Baby.
That it is easy to go to the dogs finan
cially was illustrated in the case of H.
F. Phipps, high liver and society man,
when he appeared yesterday before
United States District Court Deputy
Clerk Mahley and swore to an affidavit
reciting- that he was without, means to
pa.y the few dollars' costs required with
the filing of his petition in bankruptcy
and that he had no means of obtaining
the money. The total .liabilities are $S9ri
and his assets are $90 .worth of property
held in trust. His- exempt property con
sists of two suits of. clothes valued at $30
and $60 waees due him for the month of
July by the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company for his services' as clerk. !
Most of his debts were contracted for
luxuries, such as livery and automobile
hire, dinners, cigars, jewelry, fancy sta
tionery, etc. He owes John Nolan & Sons
$310 for livery hire, John Peters $14, John
Conlan $7, Delhon & Anglin. $18, Thomas
Kelly & Son $50 and J. R. Stuart, auto
mobile hire, $36. Cigars are* represenjed
by a bill from Sis Cohen. for $17.50, jew
elry by an assigned bill of Hammersmith i
& Field for $176, dentistry by bills, from!
C. A. Devlin and F. H. Hornden for $13
and $10, respectively; candles and ice
cream by a bill from Frank Maskey for
$S and clothing by bills from Roos broth
ers and Wolfe & Hawley for $60 and
$29 75. H. Leonhardt, tamale r grotto man,
is a creditor for $19 25 M or t-'.'dinner and
service." ' ,•.'\u25a0'.
Other petitions in insolvencyj.wcre filed
by George T, Souza. rancher, Oakley, lia
bilitres $5532, assets $45, • and ;C. E. Cos
grave, hotel-deeper,' Challenge, liabilities
$4931, assets $32. . .. ."' '"/•'
I An important transaction has just
been consummated by which the Clara
Barton Hospital Corporation becomes
the owner of the Improved realty on
the north side of Post street 137-6 feet
west of Franklin. The. lot has a front
agro of sr,:6 foct on Post street by a uni
form depth of 137: C foot.. The price
nVrt Wa H Cl ° Se t 0 $40 ' 000 ' Tne cf ara
barton Hospital Corporation intends to
erect immediately on the site" one of the
most modern hospitals in the United
States. It will be a seven-story struc
iV^nrM basement, class A. brick
building-, and when the investment is
completed wili represent capital close
to a quarter of a million dollars.
The^sellers were Philip Flatow. Mor
ris Brlnn and P. J. Sweeney: The Clara
Barton Hospital Corporation was repre
sented by W. f Ambrose and the sell
ers by Landsrebe, MacN'evin & Jones
r p^^ r » 00 Vr a p^!
ises at 120C-7-9 Gou^h- street. 30 St
der «fi OFarre . lK Tlle P'oPWty is un
der a five years' lease to, the "CithniW.
Ladies' Aid Society . for a tota? rS
and the buyer T.-s. Cross..' The lot is
27:6x112 feet. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 lOt '?
The flrm has also sold for $20,000 the
residence at the northwest cowicr of
2So^feet Br ° deri( ; k .«'«»-. ;w«SI2
A. contest to the will of the late F.
W. Heath, who died in. Boston on De
cember 6 last, leaving his $25,000 . Cal
ifornia estate to Sarah P. Heath, whom
he wrote in the will was his wife, was
filed yesterday by Jane Mitchell and
Anna M. Varney. aunts of the deceased,
who allege they are his sole surviving
relatives.
Tlie contestants assert that the sole
devisee In Heath's will never was his
wife, but that her true name is Sarah
F. Curry. They further set forth that
Heath's mind was impaired when ho
made the will and that he execued it
while under tho undue influence of tho
devisee, who caused him to state in
the instrument that she was his wife.
The contest will be heard \u25a0• by Judg*
Coffey.
Aiintn of 'lir Deceased, AVh« Left Es
l.nfp In Cnllfornia, Contest
Hb Last IVHl. ~ft;y{
ASSRIVf THAT :•'. VT. HEATH WAS
X«T MARRIED TO UEVISRB
Clara Barton Corporation
Secures, a Lot oil Post
Street Near Franklin
Society Man Raises Eight
Hand and Takes Paupers
Oath in Bankrupt Court
For Fcrble Children
HORSFORD'S ACID PHOSPHATE
\ pleasant-tasting', effective tonic for
sickly, fretty or feeble children with
weak digestion. \u25a0\u25a0"<»*
PURCHASES SITE
FOR A HOSPITAL
HIGH LIVING
BREAKS PHIPPS
and the old county road. There Blaker
crossed over the street on the right hand side.
going to where Cook was walking. Old man
Cruff had left him at Twenty-fourth avenue.
Schneider and I walked up to the corner and
we crossed over to/ the other side, then "took
the middle of the road at Twenty-fifth avenue
and walked In the middle of the' road as far
as Twenty-sixth. Blaker was walking on the
sidewalk.
HEARS DLOW STRUCK.
We went as far as Twenty-sixth avenue, as
I said, and then Tom Cook turned out' ln the
street. I could not see him, he was bo far
ahead of us. I should Judge he turned out on
the street, because he was in the middle of
the street up there and he was on the side
walk at Twenty-fifth avenue. . Blaker went
out in the street and Schneider and I went on
the sidewalk as far as Twenty-seventh ave
nue, where we all turned out in the street.
Schneider and I turned out Jn the street and
Just as soon as we passed Detel'K, by the big
trees, we were about ten feet from Cook.
Blaker had his club up hit- sleeve all the
time, and I turned around and asked Schnelaer
for a match, and Just as I did this I heard a
smash and ran.
Who ran?
I ran.
What happened then?
1 don't know what happened; only Cook hol
lered, and "I kept on running.
Is that all that occurred there that night?
That Is all that I know of.
Do you mena you ran at the time Cook wa3
ftruck?
Yes, sir. SchneJder^and I were ten feet away
from him. I didn't, see \u25a0 which direction
Schneider ran at all.' I made up my mind It
was best to run and run. as fast as I could.
I didn't make up my rr/nd to run. I Just ran
as quick as I could.
' Where did you get the pipe that was used on
Cook's head?
Found It In Harold's orchard, wrapped up In
a paper; apparently, It had been hid there.
When did you rind this?
That was In the afternoon some time, and
Blaker and Schneider' went arter It some time,
I suppose, and they had it down there at the
steps that night. ' _ ..
Who found It In the Harold orchard?
I found It Just as I- went In that hole there.
What hole?
Hole in the fence.:..'. '; ; , ••
m.AKER'GHTS BLUDGEON'S..,
What did you cay to Schneider and Blaker,
when you found It? . ' ' ;\u25a0\u25a0 i. \
I don't know as I .Bald anything. .1 threw
it up In a tree..' It felt kind of -heavy, and it
stuck up in a tree and Blaker went up and
got It. •.•\u25a0• - -
Who had the pipes or clubs when you left
Twenty-third avenue that, night?
Blaker had one and I had the other. .
What did you. do with these?*' '.
I think I dropped It rlgnt there and Schnei
der picked St up. If I- nm not mistaken, or I
handed it to Schneider when I started to run,
because I didn't have It -in my hand when I
was running. ' . j .' ' ._;.-"• :
What did. Cook say. when he was struck first?
He Just hollered. , .:,, \u25a0 ' . .;. '
More than'once? , \u25a0' ; \.:'
He kept up a. continuous holler. .
; What did Blaker -and .scnnelder' or any of
them say to you* when you were, going up the
old county road that, night?.- j
Blaker wanted me to hit Tom. and Schneider
was b'grglng me to' hit , him. -, 1. says,- "No, I
won't hit him," so when..Blakpr found^out II
would. not hit him and I was hanging behind
all the time, then Blaker . hit him. I suppose..
What I. was waiting for was a chance to Blip
away, and I would have, slipped away but
Schneider stayed right alongside of me ail the
time, or I would not have been In It. I.sup
pose. . . \u25a0 I . " -- \u25a0\u25a0'- - \u25a0 -\u25a0......
Was there anything, said about thin hold-up
of Cook in the afternoon or that day?
I did not hear that they were going to hold !
up Qrjok. What. I heard scunded like they were 1
going to hold up somebody, and this Crow
liurtt was goinij to te with them. "•• ""•. '
Who first epoke to you about this hold-up?
Blaker. .:' ;\u25a0'?\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0. . • \u25a0,• ;;\u25a0_•, ' '- \u25a0
What wege his 'words, as near, as you can
remember? .'. - \u25a0 '. ->j
Oh. h» Just Mid. ."Come on; help. us out- you
will have ill kinds of. money." I said. "No I 1
I have been In enough rackets," and I started!
to go home. and. he called tn<* back again .By '
this time Cook was closing up and Blaker and
i Schneider begged mn to go along with them, so |
! I went. . \u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•" \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 '. •\u25a0 .• \u25a0
YOUNG FOOTPAD WHO BROKE DOWN YESTERDAY AND TOLD SHERIFF BARNET THAT HE WAS WITH BLAKER \ND
SCHNEIDER WHEN THEY HELD UP AND ROBBED THOMAS COOK. AND THAT HE R.Ov AWAY AFTER SEEING
BLAKER STRIKE HIS VICTIM ON THE HEAD WITH A BLUDGEON.
Amazement was depicted on the face
of Attorney Newburgh In Judge Cook's
court yesterday morning when the re
mittitur from the. District Court of Ap
peals in the case of William Noon was
ve'ad.* Noon was convicted on a charge
of burglary and on April 30, 1904, he
was sentenced to serve twenty years in
San .Quentin,. as there were several
prior convictions against him. An ap
peal was taken on the ground that a
P9.cr«» had been taken from the in
formation against Noon by some one in
the District Attorney's office, and this,
it was said, invalidated the whole pro
ceedings. The point w"as raised at the
trial, but was overruled. • 'jl*
The remittitur read that the cause
"had been affirmed. Newburgh protest-,
ed that, the Appellate Court had grant
ed the defendant a new trial and that
a grievous mistake had been made.
Assistant District Attorney Ashe said
he would have to abide by the remit
titur and the Judge said he would send
his clerk to the Appellate Court to ask
for an explanation.
' In about -an hour the clerk from- the
Appellate Court appeared with another
remittitur showing that the defendant
had been granted a new trial and ex
plaining that an error had been made.
Ttie case was continued till Monday to
be set for trial. Noon entered the room
of C- Heuaer, 503 Mason street, on Jan
uary 21. 19t»4, during the absence of the
occupant.
Shows That Conviction Was., Affirmed
Instead o? Defendant Reins
Granted. a X«-*v Trial. /
REMITTITUK SEXT TO JUDGE
COOK'S COURT CAUSES STIR
OAKLAND, Aug. S.— Percy Pembroke,
one of the youths Sheriff Barnet took in
to custody on suspicion, has confessed
the details of tho brutal murder of
Thomas YV. Cock, the young grocer of
Fruitvaie, who succumb^ yeeterday to
the terrible injuries he received. Pem
broke says that George Blaker, th.c son
of the captain of the ferry-boat Berkeley,
dealt the fatai blows w..h a piece of pipe
ai:d 'that John Schneider participated in
the revolting crime. The prisoner who
lias weuker.ed protests thr.t he did not
take part in the murder and was averse
to accompanying Schneider and Blaker
on the expedition. \u25a0He • declares that
crrawhurst. the fourth _ suspect in jail.
hud nothing to do wit^i'the murder, but
was a member of tho gang which had
commit ted a number of misdeeds.
!t was in the dead hour of night that
Sheriff Barnet called the shuddering boy
from l»ig cell and demanded all the details
of tht- murderous expedition. The Sheriff
had good reason to beiJeve Pembroke
would break down. When told the day
before of Cook's death the lad became
unnerved in marked degree.
It was after midnight this morning
when the clanking of Cfll-door boit re
sounded through ihe prison stillness and
caused the boy prisoner to jump in alarm
from his restless bed. Without explana
tion Sheriff Barnet led him to the office \u25a0
and the youth, vic^.m of evil associa
tions, there confessed.
He was present when Cook was struck
down and heard the cries of terror as
the beating with the pipe was ad
ministered. Pembroke, says he ran from
the feeene as soon as the assault was
made and did not share In the robbery, i
PI.OTTIXG OF CRIME.
He had met Schneider and Blaker that
evening and they indicated to him that
Crowhurst was to join them in some
criminal enterprise. Then, it was sug
gested that young Cook should be robbed,
gcd Pembroke says the other two urged
that he should "hit" the victim. He
had one of the bludgeons and Blaker the
other. Pembroke demurred, saying he
had had enough of such "rackets." but
the urginge were renewed and the
temptation held out of the money that
\u25a0would be realized.
Cook was seen leaving 1 the store, and
Pembroke refusing to make the as
saulJ, it fell to Blaker to strike the gro
cer. Pembroke declares that he ran
eway and did not take part in the
| rifling of the pockets of $200 or more.
i Xone of the boys in the gang is out
jof h!s teens. Yet they seem to have
I been the boldest an-J most viciou3 of
I criminals. James Crowliurst was the
I ring-leader and the g^angr took the name
of "Jim Crows." after I: is name. While,
he is not implicated in the Cook case,
having failed to appear In time to join.
Schneider, Blaker and Pembroke, who
waited for him until the grocer came
: In sight, he will not be let off. however,
j for Sheriff Barnet and District Attorney;
j Allen believe him to be a far too dan
i gerous character to be allowed his
freedom and lie will be prosecuted on
i some one of the many offenses to which
• he has confessed.
The charge of murder -will now be
! formally placed against Schneider and
j Blaker. while Pembroke and Crowhurst
will have to answer for the other rob
beries the youthful criminals have ad-
I initted they committed.
PKMnitOKE'S COXFESSIOX.
After Pembroke broke down this
morning Sheriff Barnet summoned
i Chief Jailer White and Deupty Charlie
Clark, and in their presence questions
by the Sli'?riff and the answers of the
prison< j r w*»re taken down in short-!
hand, a? fellows:
Now, I want you to undt rt>tand that this is
a free and voluntary statement en your part
without any thri-at coming from me. You un
tler^tar.d that, do you?
Yes. sir.
Now. ptart in ar.d tell me the first time you
heard of th<- proposition to hold uji this man
Torn Cook en July 'SJ of this year. Start right
from the beginning.
We wert at Twenty-third avenue and the
old county road. ar<J Biaker. I think it was
ask»d me if I would come with him, or some
thing of that sort. He told me "to knock
Tom Cook." I didn't realize right away what
he meant. I ihous'bt he v.-as going to have a
fisht with him or something. 1 asfcrd, "Arc
yea poinir to have a ripht?" and ho says. "No,
we are going to hold him up." and so I says.'
"I don't want none of th-.t in mine; I have
had en<-u?h." And he'ktp* on talking and
everything, and tellingr us about- all the money
we would have and all- that.
Whom did he say this to? " '
He told it to me.
To jou alone?
Ye£.
Go ah»ad.
So I Fatd. '"I will walk up that way with
you. but I won't hit him or anything like
that." So w-e started as soon as> they closed
up the etore. We went up the street; we fol
lowed them up the street.
Whom do you mean by them?
Tom Cook and old man Cruff.
Then what happened?
We went as far as Twenty-fourth avenue
Says He Ran Away When Victim 1
Was Felled With Pipe Bludgeon.
Straight goods, lemcrtades and high
balls arc now purchasable In the town of
Bullfrog at metropolis rates. Barbers are
shaving with real, lather and baths are
a common every-day luxury with the
miners of that prosperous Nevada mining
center. A week ago water was selling In
Bullfrog at $2 50 and $3 a barrel; miners
had to walk seven miles to get a batb.
and dumb beasts were lucky if they got
one Vood drink a day. Water was more
jxpensivc than whisky at the bars, where
a. palron would as soon ask for a lemon
ade as he would for the diamond stud in •
i.Tc bartender's shirt front.
On Sunday the new water company,
which has just completed a twelve-mile
pipe line, turned on the fluid, and Bull
frog's populace turned itself loose. Baths
and drinks of water were the order of
the day, and a great day it was. As the
result cf the important innovation water
is now selling for a cent a gallon in the
mining town and the price of drinks has
laded to the "bit" mark.
11. H. Clark, general manager of the
Bullfiog Mining Company and the pro
moter of the telegraph and telephone sys
tems and ether enterprises of BtaUfrog.
arrived here yesterday from Nevada and
is staying at fhe Palace. It is mainly
through his energy that a water system .
was :>iovided for the mining town, with
a daily flow of nearly 500,000 gallons.
Anticipating a great waste of water,
Clark and his associates conceived the
idea of establishing a big swimming
tank, probably the only one In a Western I
mining camp, where the traveler, after a
long and hot ride, may find unexpected
comfort on his arrival in Bullfrog.
An ice plant is about to be started, and
the next enterprise that Clark will estab
lish in the iov.-n will be a smelter at his
mine. His present visit to San Francisco
is in connection with this matter. I
DESCRIBES CRUEL ATTACK ON CODE
Breaks Down When Sheriff Barnet
Awakens Him From Sleep.
Prices of Brinks Have Drop
ped to the "Bit" Mark and
\u25a0 .lather Goes With a Shave
MM; ENJOY A SWBI
Unnerved by death of the victim, Percy Pembroke broke down when Sheriff Barnet took him Jr 6m his cell during the hours
of night that murderers dread, and told how George Blaker viciously felled Thomas W. Gook with a bludgeon. Pembroke
says he then ran away and left B laker and John, Schneider to complete the crime of murder and robbery. The youth protests
/ c in as inveigled into the expedition. •
Town's New Water Supply Is
Turned On and Populace
Celebrates the Occasion
BULLFROG NOW
A MOIST SPOT
PEMBROKE CONFESSES AND IMPLICATES
SCHNEIDER AND BLAZER IN CRIME.
THE SAN FRAx\ T CISCO CALL, \u25a0 FRIDAY*. AUGUST 4/ 1903.
16
APVEKTISEMEXTS.
GBATEFULJOGUTICURA
I Fop Instant Relief and Speedy Cure
of Raw and Sea.y Humour,
Itching Day and Night.
SUFFERED FOR. MONTHS
"I wish you wouid publish this let-
ter, so that others suffering as Ihave
may be helped. For months awful
sores covered my face and neck, scabs
forming, itching terribly day and night.
Breaking open, andt running blood and
matter. I-bad- tried many remedies,
but was growing when I started
with Cuticurar -The first application
gave me instant relief, and when I had
used two cakes of Cuticura; Soap and'
three boxes of Cuticura Ointment, I
was completely cured. ; (Signed) Miss
'Nellie Vaniier Wiele, Lakeside, N. Y."
UNMATOUBLE .SHOE VALUES
For years San Francisco was skeptical about shoe sales un-
• til Kaufmann's inaugurated genuine shoe sales. The buying pub-
lic readily appreciated the difference, and now a Kaufmann sale
meets instantaneous response. An advertised reduction here is a
real cut from regular prices; every statement made in an adver-
tisement is the absolute truth.
Our summer clearance offer 1 : shoe values the like of which
. have not been known here for many years. A great number of
complete lines of the finest summer shoes that were shipped late
by factories must be closed out before fall. The manufacturers
made us extraordinary inducements to keep them, and the prices \u25a0
on these shoes now are actually less than the cost of making.
Lcdies' Tan Russia ,rf%^ \\ Ladies' Chcc-
Colfßlttcher Oxfords p¥^*m. t >^>-- olate Kid Ox-
— hind 'S/* f : " fords — medium
welt, slight O^^^-^ \u25a0 •i-sH W- ' light soles, pretty
extension ||#s|| IM^L ' *%£ 3n . d st y lish * Sa c
& ~ Jt an Oxfords i;ir»
/*%*&? Oxfcris 5,55 Z£ vet
L^^ : $2.15 Same Price
\u0084 "-""T,. . , . .„ „ Men's Tan Blucher Cxfords and
medium military heels a favor.te all o_ M __ r^,r^^i r tt U u
this season a fine. $3.50 shoe. Sale | Batlon Oxfords-Either narrow or
price $2. 1 5 medium toes, swell lasts, an extremely
Ladies' Chocolate Kid Gibson stylish $3.50 shoe^ Sale price_s2.Bs
•Ties -plain toe, hand turned soles, ._ , „„.. . _ _
ribbons, high Cuban heels; regularly , Men * White and Cray Canvas
$3.50. Sale price $2.65 Oxfords and Lace Shoes - They
Ladies' Gray Buck Lace Shoes- were $2 and $2.50. Sale price. $1.30
(Can be washed with soap and water,) _,
elk skin soles; a shor that stands the >*. Jr* 31 *™** ™*
.hardest country wear $2.35 &^v A Mlss " Kl< * Glb "
Ladies' Patent Colt >1 f^thlr toZT*
vatp'^ G Tfe°s n^^k.
ribbon laces, ' , . Also some
regular- i& 'jkj-*f [,|x sizes in Tan
I 7* 3 ' 50 Jwissß and Patent Leather
!£/ /S£?§^ C 0 RE $1.05, $1.30, $1.55
price ft»*uG?"**^^ 0 L \u25a0 C J \u25a0 .
$2.65 * i *^ Child's Patent Kid Spring Heel
Ladies' Champagne Kid Gibson (Button Shoes -Hand turned so!es. •
Ties— Plain toe, French heels ; ex- Sizes 5-8 on,-
trernely sweU. Sale price $2.85 i " " • 90c
Bght Unes of Ladies' Stylish Blcck _ Chi i dren ' s Shoes-Odds and ends;
Kid Lace Shoes with either patent 1 " Patent Leathers, Button
leather or kid tips, light or heavy soles ; ? nd . Lac . c Shoes * Bronze Slippers,
also Patent Colt Lace or Button o^ken sires; were 51.50, $2, $2.50.
Shoes with Ught flexible soles; mostof &ale P nce - \u25a0• • • ?sc . '$1.00 .
them sold at $3, none less than $2.50. (Can not guarantee any sizes on these
Sale price .$2.15 odds and ends for country orders).
Kail Orders Promptly and Carefully Ft/led. ! >\u25ba
Ladies' White and rf jr * I J F*MA|^!^ C* °" L** l **' Com-
Cray Ccnvc. Ox- X^ 833nARms ,^i^ allP'^
r j- c-t- -~ir» r^u - °5° 3/s»3 /s» in congress
aO c ..-.good Shoes r"™- 5^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Given Away Free
Everybody
Them All
Our Beautiful
American Tatting Machine
Free to Everybody
.-.Purchasing: our
Teas Coffees Spices
China
Crockery Glassware
Greatest Offer of the Age §
Clip this Coupon out. bring
• -j hto any of our store*.
< Its value is I
a $5.00 worth of Coupons '
jg toward gettins you the
h Talking Machine Free
Boys, Girls, and Young: Ladies
this is Your Chance
Come and See Us «
Great American Imparting Tea Co.
• Stores Everywhere
/2£k SSD Reward
FJiFll Woman
N^..^^ JLi<yol» • • •
Her teeth and her beauty, too. We
will pay $50 to any person who can
find better appearing or better qual-
ity artificial teeth than we furnish d
Onr Plnte Specialist operates on the"*^
celebrated Dr. Williams System «( "
American Dentistry. He makes each
and every case a particular study.
Our plates are warranted to give
perfect fit and satisfaction in all
cases.
Set of Teeth 53.00
Bridge Work $2.50
Gold Crowns $2.5f »
Fillings .*M)
Painless Extraction or No Pay.
United. Painless Dental Go,
• The Dr. William* A»«oclatlon>
51 THIRD ST.. »ar Market.
Hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. Sundays,
;-.•?>'\u25a0.-.• s to i-
Royal BaKing Powder
3 lbs. for $1.00
21 lbs. Granulated Sugar $1.00
12 cans Cream, any kind 3.(M»
21 Jars French Mustard 1.00
21 bottles Olives l.»H>
33 lbs. Rolled Oats or Wheat 1.00
13 cans Best Tomatoes l.»M»
12 cans Cora or Peas 1 .00
3 lbs. Family Coffee l.«M»
•* Ib 3. Green. Black or Mixed Tea 1.00
2 bottles Bourbon Whisky 1.00
"4 bottles Wlrv?. asserted 1.00
1.1 bottles Woster Sauce 1.00
21 lbs. Raisin.- 1.00
7 dozen Jelly Glasses 1.00
7 lbs. Cocoanut l.O=» .
25 lbs. White Figs l.«M>
25 lbs. Chcice Prunes .". l.oi»
7 China Ctips and Saucers 1.00
11 lbs. Cheese 1.00
10 cans Clam Juice 1.00
10-ib. can Lard l.«K»
V, gal. can Pure Olive Oil 1.00
Best Ranch Eggs, per dozen J : < »
LINCOLN" BROS.
Formerly of Sixth St.. now with
Q. T. JONES & CO^
2 California St.. San Franrlaeo.
- • f §H?"" sreKEo
"W^i^^P^ BINOCULARS
* |jU \7 "*-. \u25a0 The most compact Fle!J
•\ yr\ \X, . or Marine Glasses made.
\u25a0rV l * \^T *^« with ' the highest power.
Prices. $40 to $SO.
Send for Illustrated Booklet.
a OPT2C3AN.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
HEAR SUTTER OPR OCCIDENTAL MOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
UN'HAPPIXESS DISPELLED.
Men and Women Unanimous About It.
Many women weep and wail and re-
fuse to be comforted because their one© "
magnificent tresses have become thin
and faded. Many men incline to pro-
fanity because the flics bite through the
thin thatch on their craniums. It will
be good news to tho miserable of both
sexes to learn that Newbro'a Herpictdo
has been placed upon the market. This
[a the n^w scalp grermicide and antisep-
tic that acts by destroying the germ or
microbe that is the underlying cause, of
ill hair destruction. Herplclde is a new
preparation, made after a new formula
on an entirely new principle. Anyone
who ha 3 tried it will testify as to It 3
worth. Try it yourself and be cor\-
trinccd. Sold by leading druggists. SeniV"
10c In stamps for sample to Tho Herpl-T
cide Co., Detroit. Mich,
Hotel Del Coronado
Under New Management i
Enjoy California's best cfiaute at the S
largest seaside resort hotel in the world. \u25bc
Cuisine unexcelled. Evsry modern i
jk convenience provided. A
7 Summer Fvats3: Each person \
f $3.00day,517.50 week, and upwards. 0
k Excellent boating, fhhing, hunting, A
< .golf links, tennis, cowling. Interest- \
f. ing side trips. Ask railway agent or 0
l write . ' . \
I. MORGAN ROSS, Managsh \
7 Coronado Beach. Calif ornia ¥
f H.F. Norcioss. 200 S. Spring. Los Aaseln f
8 SRB £^k Ammunition. Hunting and
IB axfta'k. Sporrlnjt Goods. Large*:
IbH & H%4 stock. Lowest prices, bend
%|l i SHREVE ~& BARBER CO..
733 Market st.. and 5 21
K^arny »t-
V/U. T. H ESS, V'
ttittarr Public and Attorney-at-Lnw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreck«l* Wd«.
Telephone Main USX
Residence, : IsOS McAllister st.
Ke«idence Telestiona ?**• ******