I E C*&* 2 i ITf * • Br*> AJ.fi t l» mM Rk ' I ' ' I \u25a0 \u25a0•'\u25a0'\u25a03*Ss&!&££ A m j \u25a0 8 "^ - .^T^m_ "\u25a0\u25a0'•! i^* »1 \u25a0 5' \u25a0 \u25a0 f \u25a0 1* \u25a0 1 m
1 l^l^^Mnts More News 1 nail Any ytn^r ra Francisco
THE TffcMtfEß.
Forecut for October 12/ 1905: i
Ban Frasclcco and vicinity — Fair
Thursday, with for in the morning;
light east wind, changing to brisk
westerly. A. O. MeADIE,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XC\ail— NO. 134.
ANNOUNCES
FINDING OF
WIFE'S WILL
Dr. HempMll Tells
Flock Document
Is in Hand.
Testament Is Turned
Up by People Clean
ing Pastor's House.
Discovery of Important Paper
Lifts Load From Min
ister's Mind.
The lon* searched for will of the late
Mrs. Uzzie HempMll. wife of Rev. Dr.
Hemphill, has at last been found, much
to tha relief of the venerable pastor of
Calvary Presbyterian Church, who has
V been anxiously hunting for the missing
™ document for a number of months. In a
bureau drawer in the Hemphill home on
Broadway, hidden beneath a strip of pa
per that covered the bottom of the re
ceptacle, the will, executed eight years
ago by Mrs. Hemphill, was discovered
yesterday by Sexton Radcliffe of Calvary
Church, and his wife, while they were
«:. gaged in cleaning the house. Dr. Hemp
hill was immediately apprised of the fact
*nd was not slow in notifying his law
yers, who will present the document to
judge Coffey to-day.
The finding of the will was made at a
most opportune time, for it was learned
last night from E>r. Hemphill that he had
agreed with his wife's daughter, Mrs. J.
\V. D*;: ir li of London, to divide the estate,
which is valued at $120,000, and thus prer
eluded the continuance of the proceedings
instituted by Mrs. Daniell several 'weeks
£KO co ha,« t^e-cßtitte divided. So pleased
•was Dr. HemDhlll. over the discovery of
the will that be made known the fact to
the members of his congregation, who
•fathered at a church meeting last night.
He said he was tired of the worry that
tfce litigation had caused him and was
glad that the mystery surroundins the
disappearance of the will, which he knew
hi s wife had made, had finally been
cleared uj>.
COPY DECLARED INVALID.
The failure to find Mrs. HemphiU's will
after her death on March 20. 1905, was
followed by no end of trouble to Dr.
Uernphill, who declared several months
ago thai he would willingly give 510.000 to
recover ihe document. In the absence of
* the will Dr. Hemphill went into court
v.iih a copy of the document, which, by
Competent testimony, was shown to
have been drawn up by Attorney Mount
foru Wilson in I*o7. The will devised in
trust to Dr. Hemphill the entire estate
for tlie benefit of himself. Mrs. Daniell
of Jvondon. daughter of Mrs. Hemphill,
Elizabeth Parker Hastings and Hairy C.
Hastings, rhildren of Mrs. Daniell by a
former husband, and H. Sydney Beck, a
brother of the deceased, and his three
Ciiildnn. Mrs. lizzie Taibott, Henry P.
Beck and Mrs. ]ra Robira-on.
Hardly had Dr. Hemphill petitioned
fur letters of administration on the
copy of the will before k contest was
Instituted by Mrs. Danicll, whose law
.y*rs not only <ju^stfoned the legality
of probating ba estate on a copy of a.
\u25a0will, but also intimated that if the orig
inal document was found later \u25a0 and
contained the trust provision they
xv<uld right it bitterly in the courts.
On March *_'9 of this year Judge Coffey
decided the copy of the will invalid,
but ini mediately afterward appointed
Dr. Hemphill administrator of his
wife's estate and fixed the latter's
bund at $2500.
VIXDIXG OF WILL.
Since then there have been rumors
of a compromise between Dr. Ilemphill
end Mrs. Daniell, and the statement l
r.mdc by Dr. Hemphill last evening con-
Jirms the theory that he was preparing
to forestall the threatened contest that
Mrs. Daniell had instituted. In the
, absence of a will Dr. Hemphill would
have been entitled to half of his wife's
estate and her daughter to the other
half. With the finding of the will Mre.
Daniell, if her purpose is to secure an
Immediate distribution of her mother's
estate, will have to enter another con
test to break the trust clause. What
the other relatives of the deceased will
do is, only a matter of speculation.
It was stated last night by Dr. Hemp
hill that Mrs. Danieii's London attor
ney Is due here to-day, he having start
ed to this country, with the Idea that
a settlement with his client would be
effected on his arrival. Dr. Hemphill
had abandoned all hope of ever finding
the will and had. also* decided to rent
his Broadway home. It was with a
view of carrying out this latter de
termination that he engaged Mr. and
Mrs. Radcliffe to clean the house, and it
was while performing their work that
they came upon the missing will.
TROUBLES WITH HUSBAXD.
The friends of the Hemphllls had looked
forward to the hear*Mg of Mrs. Daniell's
contest with much uneasiness, for It was
feared that the many troubles of the
woman with her English husband, which
filled the papers several years ago, would
be thoroughly aired in court. Mrs.
J)aniell hurried home • from London 'six
years ago and the fact was followed by
a story that she contemplated suing her
husband for a divorce. Dr. Hempnul,
Just previously, had gone -to London,
presumably for the purpose ot restoring
peaceful relations in the Daniell house
hold there and had partially succeeded
when there was another outbreak of hos
tilities.-
Daniell accompanied his " wife to San
Francisco, and on his way across the
continent he became engaged in a quar
rel with Nick Kittleman, the horseman,
who had resented Daniell's alleged un
manly treatment of his wife and had
threatened to whip the husband. After*
The San Francisco Call.
EXCLUSION
ACT BEFORE
THE COURTS
Supreme Tribunal
to Pass Upon Its
Legality. - ,
Cases of Six Chinese
Ordered Deported to
Be Appealed.
Judge Wing Holds That This
Government Cannot Ex
clude Mongols.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Oct. 11.— A motion
to advance the hearing on the cases of
the six Chinese who had been ordered de
ported from Cleveland under the Chinese
exclusion act was granted by the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals In this
city. The cases are expected to come up
at the December term of the court.
The same technical question is Involved
in all of the suits, namely: Judge Wing's
contention that the treaty with China has
expired and therefore . there is no exclu
sion act under which Chinese can be de
ported.
The litigation affects many of the Chi
nese now in the United States and is im
portant in every court district;: therefore
It will be appealed. It is said, to the Su
preme Court of the United. States.
It is said .that representatives of the
Chinese Government 'in this .country are
keeping, close ; watch ;on all. Chinese de
ported, with the purpose of demanding
Indemnity m case the Supreme Court de
cides favorably. \u25a0._\u25a0 .: -. *\u0084 . " -• :\u25a0/
YAQUI REBELS
MURDER FAMILY
Make a Descent on a Ranch
and Kill Wife and Children
of Owner the Place
Epeclal Olepatcb to The Call.
HERMOSILLO, Mex.. Oct. 11.— A mes
senger reached here. Tuesday night,
bringing to Victor Aguilar, a wealthy
ranch proprietor, the news that a band
of fully fifty Yaqul Indians has sacked
his ranch near Carbo, killing Romualdo
Lopez, who had charge of the place,
the members of Aguiliir's family and
two cowboys. Lopez and his men
made a brave resistance, but were
overwhelmed. A third cowboy was
chased by the Yauuis, but succeeded
in escaping to a nearby ranch. A re
lief party, was at once organized by
neighboring' ranchers and when they
reached the scene they found that Lo
pez's wife, two small children and a
babe a few weeks old had been mur
dered by the Indians. The ranch housw
had been looted. A runner was at once
dispatched to -Hermosillo for help,
while the Mexicans on the outlying
ranches l*cd to Carbo for safety.
Governor l'sabel has sent a company
of the Twentieth Regiment to Carbo,
from which point It will take the field
against the rebellious savages. Gov
ernor Ysabel returned Sunday . from
Carbo with a number of Yaqiils cap
tured by a force under his command
in the vicinity of the latest uprising,
which is supposed to be a retaliatory
act on the part of the Indians who es
caped.
KISSI^S NOT PEIULQUS
UNLESS PJ{O]iONGED
CINCINNATI. Oct. IL— All of Cincin
nati's doctors do not agree with the dec
laration of Professor F/ournie? at the
tuberculosis convention in Paris that
there is extreme risk in kissing.
"Before calling kissing -criminal and
dangerous," said Dr. E. F.Beebew, "one
should bear In mind that there are many
times more germs beneficial than there
are malignant ones. Everything we
touch, everything we cat or driuk la full
of germs. So who shall say a kiss is
more dangerous than anything else we
do?" ,
"A kins in Itself is not dangerous," de
clared Dr. Albert Fat!r-r. "unless one of
the kissers coughs in the other's face or
some time there Is some other violent
exhalation produced. There is no "danger
fiom mere moisture- of the lip?. Danger
ous gfrms corns- from the. lungs and bron
chial tubes. Therefore a long kiss is niore
dangerous than a short one." •
"It is no crime to kiss,", declared Judge
Caldwell. former Mayor of Cincinnati,
"providing the .other party is willing. Of
course, a kfts becomes an assault If : force \
is used. The danger in kissing, claimed
by the doclyrs" is something I. don't' know
anything t about.- y I never got . anything
worse than" fever- blisters as the result
of a' kiss and I don't think all the doc-:
tors say about', the perils of osculation
will prevent a single kiss."
several months' , stay, here the \ Daniells
became^ reconciled and returned to Eng-'
land. The next i heard of : them in f . the
American • papers." was when; she.' an
nounced :her ; intention Jof ' contesting . the
copy, of her mother's will In . the - local
courts. -
RAILROADS
OPEN THEIR
CAMPAIGN
Attack President's
; Plan for Rate
Regulation,
Commeixial Lynch Law
Their Character
ization of It.
Head of the Southern Railway
Is Spokesman lor the
Magnates. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Characterizing
as "commercial lynch law" the attempt
to establish Government tontrol over
railroad properties on the. lines of the
Esch-Townsend bill, Samuel Spencer,
president of the Southern Railway, to
1 night delivered the reply of the railroads
to the agitation for rate legislation. Ad
dressing the Newark Board of Trade,
Spencer defined the issue for the rail
roads at the opening' of the fall cam
paign.
"Vp to the present time," he said, "the
shipper and the carrier have been free
to work together without political inter
ference,, to facilitate the establishment
and- development of new industries; to
reach out for new markets for tanners
and manufacturers; to create new
communities and maintain the prosperity
of those already established," arid" to co
operate' to -.the .fullest- possible* extent^tb
enlarge the volume of both," domestic and',
foreign trade. -:.„' ;: """:!";; " . ,'
% ;"U\is i now''plan.ned . to ; change, this ' sys-p
tern and Jstibstitute-for.it '"one in which ar
tfticial bureaucratic methods. will take the
place of/- the.- natural laws of . trade and
commerce, which ! hare .been the controll
ing, force in the evolution of the present
system." • '•\u25a0 . .
."And it must be borne In mind that it
is planned to give these enormous pow
ers to a body on whom no responsibili
ties rest nor can rest for the preservation
or j maintenance of a » railroad's property
or for the. discharge of Its financial obli
gations or the fulfilment of its duties to
the public as an efficient common car
rier. ' .
| "In. fact the rate established by the In
terstate Commerce Commission and there
fore unalterable by the carrier, by reduc
tion or otherwise, except upon petition to
the commission, instead of serving as a
cure .or preventive, would be a distinct
incentive toward secret reductions when
commercial conditions demanded and a
public and legal reduction could not be
promptly made. -
- "To placo in the hands of one tribunal
which is or may be prosecutor, jury and
judge and at- the same time executioner;
is equivalent: to providing by statute for
the enforcement of commercial lynch
law." .
-BBATEX- AND ROBBED
BY MURDEROUS THUGS
T. F. Q iiiuit of Ban Era ncisco
Victim of Bold Crime t
at Kazen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I RENO, Xev.. Oct. 11.— After a fierce
with two murderous thugs last
night at Hazen, T. F. Quinn, a San
Francisco capitalist and well-known mine
! owner/of Goldfield, succeeded in beating
oIT his assailants, but was himself badly
battered ud and robbed of several thou
sand dollars* worth of mining stocks.
Quinn had in his possession at the time
of the hold-up one thousand dollars' worth
of diamonds and 12500. hi cash, He suc
ceeded in saving the money and-Jewelry.
The- Ihuss beat Quinn on the head and
face with the butt end of -a revolver,
knocking out all of his teeth arid leaving
him sweltering in his own blood on the
depot Dlatform at,Hazen. That Quinn
succeeded in saving his diamonds and
money is due to the fact that he had them
concealed in a belt which was around his
waist. With his. face, swathed in band
ages and very muchp the, worse for his
terrible. experience, Quinn passed through
Reno to-night en route ; to San Francisco.
Quinn \ had been at Goldfield, where
he. has valuable mining interests. He was
told by friends not to stray from the
depot, as the-, locality:' was filled with
thugs, but, gave the •warning no thought
until- assaulted. Payment on the mining
stock has been stopped.
POISON IS GIVEN
INSTEAD OF TONIC
Wash irigtoii Woman Acici
dentall^ Causes^peatli of
W HerMotli(3r;
Cpecl*! Dispatch t»Tb«CaIL /
- TACOMA; Oct. 11.— Mrs. . Taylor, wife of
Judge J. A.. Taylor, died 'to-day at\\ r alla
Walla .as the result ,'of , accidental poison
ing."::. Mrs.; Taylor ..had been" an Invalid for
years.* and : last- night 'her. f daughter,^ Mrs.
Warm, gave her'ateaspoonful of carbolic
acid -of a ; tonic. J7 Mrs. : Warm,- at
once discovered /the '-mistake and : imme
diately : summoned {j a* physician. .; Jle .' ad
ministered- antidotes* and i when he^ left
Mrsr Taylor 4 seenied. out (of Later
she askedto b^llfted^toa :/chalr and ap
peared 3 to.; be . much < better.jbut j: while : her,
daughter /stepped -to the *; dining- room : to
get a.) glass of swater.'she.r died. :J Mrs. ; Tay
lor and" her. husband' came 4 : here in 1552,
and had been married ;fifty-nlne year 3.
SAN FRANCISCO. THURSDAY; •> OCTOBER^ 12, 1905.
ROBBED OF $5000 AMD IS LEFT
BADLY INJURED IN HOUSE.
William fEllts, a Sydney \ horseman, was decoyed f to a house in Berkeley yesterday, where he was
assaulted by a man and woman, robbed of $SOOO and left lying, seriously injured, on the floor. His as
sailants, whom, he says, he came herewith on the steams hip Sierra and who gave their name as Brush, fled,
probably imder^the belief that l they 'had left Ellis dead. He reeled to a livery stable and told his story 9
AUSTR AIAN THE VICTIM OF MURDEROUS PLOT
William Ellis of Sydney
. Decoyed by Brutal %
Couple, f
FEMALE IS LURE
Says Man and Wprhan
Laid Trap for
Him. "\-
ASSAILANTS -PL EE
BERKELEY, Oct. • 11.— With ' the blood
streaming from a ghastly wound in his
head and hand hanging helpless at his
side, broken by, a blow from ; a heavy
hammer. William Ellis, a wealthy Aus
tralian horseman, staggered into the liv
ery stable of the. California Livery Com
pany on. Allston way this afternoon, and,
lying on -the stable floor in a pool of blood'
told, between gasps, a most extraordi
nary story of attempted murder arid rob
bery, of which he was the victim. His
assailants were a man and a woman
Americans, whom he had met in Austra
lia, and who had induced him to come
here. . ' . ' \u25a0 v, '.\u25a0.. -. .
Ellis said to the crowd;' which "quickly
gathered on the scene, that lie had been
lured by. these supposed friends; Into a
house at 2214 EUswo,rth street, and . while
conversing with the»man who had'ekticed
hmvinto.the trap was struck: oii' fifo back
of the head, with' a heavy .hanrmefcshot
at\by the womairas he lay prostrate bn
the floor, and obliged to lie in anguish
while he sav»^the murderous couple. take
13000 in English banknotes from his' eoati
and then make a hurried exit from the
house. They, left $500 in gold 'oh' Ellis'
person. ' i '. . - '<\u25a0\u25a0
| Ellis lost consciousness for a few.min
uter after this attack, and when he re
vived managed to stagger out 'of the
house, smearing the easement 'of the
door with 'blood- as- he walked through
Down Ellsworth street to Allston way he
stumbled, faliingr repeatedly, according- to
obscrvc'iv, who supposed he was a drunk
en man. At Allston. Vay lie waved his
hands and attracted the attention of a
passer-by, who canie to his assistance
and led him down to the stable of the
California Livery Company.
The police were informed of Kllis* ex
tradinary istory; and at once notified the
Oakland and San Francisco departments
to watf:li for [ the two persons who had
committed • tho crime. .-
.IIEKTS PAIR O.Y SIEUKA.
At Roosevelt Hospital, on Dwight way.
physicians attended him. Dr. Gillihan
stating: that Ellis' skull was fractured
and had been trepanned. The physicians
say that. Ellis" condition is critical, but
that he has a chance to survive.
The bullets .that were aimed at him
mi3sed their mark, as no wounds of this
character were found on the body.
lCllte came to San Francisco on the steam
| sh!p Sierra a week ago from Sidney, Aus
tralia. He had become acquainted with
a man who gave. his name as Brush in
Australia, representing himself to be a :
horseman acquainted with racing condi
tions in America! This formed the basis
of\an acquaintance, ;and as Ellis desired
to be introduced into the racing game
in America he considered Brush to be a
valuable acquaintance. Ellis loaned Brush
$200 on tho steamer, and had made ar
rangements to go to New York with
him. The rncn were to. be accom
panied by a' woman, . who posed' as the
wife, of Brush. The start was to have
been .made to-night.'- - -
Ellis had on. his person $5000 in English
notes, to be used as a reserve - fund on
the. trip. Brush knew, that Ellis carried
this money, and with his female com
panion planned to lure Ellis into a house
in: quiet Berkeley, and there assault and
rob him. \u25a0 - ;\u25a0\u25a0; , \u25a0 ,
The members of the trio met at the
Hotel Touraine in Oakland this afternoon
at 2 o'clock. , Ellis has been living at
the Touralne- for, a week, while Brush
made his headquarters in San Francisco,
spending much of his time in company
with the Australian. The clerk at the
Touraine_ says that Brush, and a: woman,
neither giving -a name, asked at - tha
hotel for Ellis'this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
A few hours before, all of Ellis' luggage
had been, sent "to San -Francisco in "prep
aration for the trip to New. York.
Apparently ..-. the plan of the , conspira
tors was - to have Ellis, take \u25a0 a " . little
luncheon with ; them at the .house in
Berkeley on • Ellsworth street and then
rob and perhaps murder, him there.; When
the j police- came, \u25a0; to the- : house this after
noon, they .; found n.the. luncheon spread
out. untouched! -.Cake^antl olives and jam
were , neatly ..arranged, the table being
spread for .'threei ( \i>
; Ellis hadremb^f 4'his coat, as the ''house:
was warm.-'.and', Was,, just . about -to ; seat
himself' at- the;. tab\eXjvhPii he was. struck
on .the' head^frohittho rear.\ " \u0084--. 7;
WOMAX ' SHOOTS AT HIM.
As lie turnetl. 'Clutching at the table /to
support hirhsollV he . saw 'that, his; com
panion and the u oman'had in theirhaiids
a-big. hammer^ and a- hatchet.;. He- could
not ; teir.whlchlhad struck hlmi oriwheth
er the ' man or: woman had delivered ' the
blow. .'JTS^^^^^^^^^i \u25a0 ;' . -
Ellis fell to the fl«or and then two shots
were ' fired at^him -by the : woman as he
lay . prostrate. \t . The thieves - and 7 almost
murderers -;cooly' rifled, the •Australian's
coat, > took every article of value " from \u25a0 it,'
and \ then \u25a0 quickly 'left the house -by the
front ';door.i:^/ -v ;\ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ; . . :'
Johnny J Edwards, a youth: who .was
playing > tennis 100 .feet .'from the scene
Continued ; ou ' Page S t Column' s.
WEALTHY AUSTRALIAN WHO WAS LURED TO A.BKRKELEY HOUSE BY A MAX AND WOMAN WHOM UK HAD BEKRIEND
• ED.^AND -THKHK KKOOKKOSEN'SELESS AND SERIOUSLY WOUNDED BY THEM. AFTER WHICH THEY KOBBKO HIM
OK iSWO AND THEN DECAMPED. > './:•_.'. . .- • . ,
BANKER BROWN
FOUND GUILTY
ON 30 COUNTS
Maximum ' Punishment
>\u25a0"-'\u25a0'\u25a0 -..\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0. . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 "' \u25a0 - -
for His Crime
Years in Prison.^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SrOUX CITY,'* lawo, Oct. It.— \V. \u25a0E.
Brown, president of the defunct National
Bank of Storm, Lake,,", to-day was found
guilty in the Federal Court here on thirty
counts . for fraudulont banking. Thirty
one counts were preferred against him in
the indictments?; He- will be seriteric~|d
on Friday, by Judge, Reed. v ',
, The maximum punishment for his crime
is 300 "".years'; imprisonment— ten" years # on
each "count..V The minimum is. five years,
wliichT.he probably will l receive. .
Brown's shortage .will rt-ach between
$I(HJ,OW and-$200.0-W.', , ; . , \u0084' : .
nnnk t'ashier Aids; Cattle Thieves.
FARGO.' N.U.- Oct.. 11.— W- H. Den
ny, cashier of the First National*' Bank
nt Williston.'. is" -uifder •'bon'ds"fdr^appear
ance iii the .DistiitH Court, :' having- been
arrested -Vri a" charge- ".of. ".'receiving
horpes^known'to htive been stolen. /jThls
arrest" was'made in connection- with' the
cattle-stealing 'case : recently; developed
in'.the'riorthwesterriv part^of- the State
arid '• in- whiclv'othor; prorhinent men are
gald to be implicated. * ; '
Insurance, Inquiry iGoes* .Over.
Thelegislatlve'
comralttee'itd^inyestJgaterirfe. insurance:
adjourned Jts, sessions ;td-da.y,'untn next
Tuesday ' x on account'^of. V the "death : of.
Speaker" Nixon 'of the v State* 'Assembly.'
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "What Happened to
Jcnes.'.'
CAJ-IFUK?;iA— Durlesqu*. : ;
(TXTIIAL— "The Whlteca?!*"
COLUMBIA— ;,-iXeretjr Alary Ana."
Amtinee, "In a Balcony." . \u25a0
CHUTES — Vaudeville.' Matinee.
. GIiAXL — "The SuUan of Sulu."
.LYRIC KALJr-Ha;o Heermann.
MAJESTIC— -HuinbUff." Matinee.
ORPHEUM — Vaudeville. Matineo to
day. - r
TIVoU — Grand Opera.
FOUR WIVES
CONFRONT A
POLYGAMIST
Fifth Woman Claims
Culprit as Her
if Betrothed.
Special Dispatch to Th? Call.
. NEW YORK. Oct. M.— On the asser
tion that, h« had married four women
within threo. years, had. lived part of
that time -with two of.them In the same
house, periodically visiting the others,
arid was about to marry a fifth without
having creaYed'a suspicion of the truth
in ithe minds of any of his victims,
Robert Le ; Roy Binriicker was held by
Jlagistrate-'- Cornell in ; the -JenTerson
Market- court- to-day in- $1500 bail on a
charge .of bigamy. "He pleaded not
guilty. . : but, ; beinc - unable to - obtain
bunilsmen. \vaH, : locked up. .
As the .testimony* developed.' one of
the womfri.-who is in ill health, realized
that her •marriage 'was not legal and
fell.'iri ja. swoon from the witness stand.
Another of "the supposed* wives caught
her;.lri herjarms and "revived her.
Almost at the same . moment a fifth
woman appearccV-arid- asserted that Bin
nicker :w;»s-engaged to marry 'her; that
she< believed --.he was true to her., and
that ;the'.other women" were not telling
the truth. After this remarkable situa
tion /-had [-been adjusted, one woman,
notwithstanding /her /threat? to relent
lessly/prosecute : Bennicker, went but
and had ' a substantial' luncheon sent
ln^to him. -.The: women "are "all 'young.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CZAR INVITES
POPE TO SEND
A DELEGATION
Vatican May Be Rep
resented at Hague
Conference.
Epeclal Dispatch' to The Call.
ROME. Oct. U.-It was learned from
the highest .authority to-day that tho
Czar has sent, an autograph letter to the
Pope, inviting him to send representa
tives to the peace conference. It Is not
expected that the Italian Government will
object, owing to the improved relations
between the Vatican and the Quirinal.
and al^o because the German Chancellor.
Prince Bulow. has* strongly urged tho
Italian Foreign Minister. Slgnor Tittuni.
to smooth the way to a definite recon
ciliation. The Pop^ has not yet sent hl3
an.,v.er to the Czar.
SHASOX'S FIRST SNOVVK.VLI*
J.X THE .XORTIIKILV" STATES
Hr*lil*nts of MlnnMota • and Wisconsin
' Experience*- a Cbanse in
Tcm»»«rTa I ore.
T*A CROSSE, Wis..'Oct. II. — The first
snow-of^the season fell here to-day.
The thermometer dropped forty-fly«
degrees In the past twenty-four hours.
MOUNT LAKE. Minn., Oct. -11. — A
heavy frost last night was followed to
day by : a hartt snowstorm.
SUPERIOR. Wis.. Oct. 11.— Following
a cold and drizzling rain snow fell for'
half an hour • last ".nishtv"^ ,
MILWAUKEE.' Wls., Oct. .11.—Mil
waukee experienced the first snow
ihirrv of tho season to-day. The Qakea
Wired as rapidly 1 a3 they felL2
TURNS FOOTPAD
TO FEED WIFE
Charles Hatfield's Spouse
Deserts Him After His
Confession of the Crime
SUEREXDEES TO POLICE
Husband Who Eobbed Park
Pedestrian Prefers Jail
to 1 Life Without Love
Despondent because his wife would
not live with him, and brooding over the
iact that he had robbed a man in the
park, Charles G. Hatfield gave himself
up to the police ytsterday.
He told. Captain Rejnulis that he was
cespondent, and Uid not care -what be
came of him. He <* looked dejected and
woebegone when he presented himself
to tbe police station and his statement
in no way belied his aj.pearance.
He said that he had married Miss Claire
Staity, May 2, 1904. and that they had
eJways had a ha:d time to get enough
to eat and a place to sleep in,- On July
17 last, be ta:u. he was desj>eiate, as he
and h:s wife had been hungry for two
days. He said he tried all that morning
to get any Jcb he could, to earn "enough
.iconey to buy something for supper. He
fa-Iled, and then in a tit of desperation,
he borrowed a revolver and went out
to Golden Gate Park, wht-re he held up
and robbed Louis Compart of $12. This
money he took home to his wife. When
she Itarntd that he had turned high
wayman she was horriried. and said she
could not live with him any longer, and
left him. Hatfield then went to work for
'a while at the wire works on Sixteenth
'and Mission streets, but his health was
poor, and he was only able to earn a
emal! pittance by working short hours.
.-His wife in the meantime had gone to
•work in a delicatessen store. Daily he
*"cuij • go to her and plead with her to give
up her work, and come and live with
Jiim. She always told him that she could
not forgive him for robbing Compart.
Yestfrday he went to her again and told
"her he had decided to give himself up
to the law. unless she would live with
him. She again refused and he walked
straight to the City Hall and is now behind
bars. Previously to surrendering him
self he wrote a long tetter to his mother
in-law, Mrs. Blanche G. Staley. who lives
In R«»no, Nevada. The epistle was
freighted with requests for forgiveness
for his actions and with protestations
that he still loved his wife.
. The robbery of Compart was reported
to the police the day after it happened.
Mrs. Hatfield visited h«r husband last
night at the Hall of Justice. When they
met in tho corridor of the Jail they mere
ly thook hands and then sat down side by
tide, on a bench. Hatfleld looked sad and
<St"jt-cted. After a short conversation the
young wife quietly took her leave and
went sadly down the elevator to the
street.- Before going she said that Hat
field's statements were true, as he had
detailed them to the police. She said
she had lived with him as long as she
could. She had suffered starvation and
had hgdto go and stsk friends to take
her in .because they had no place to sleep.
She- said she still loved her husband, but
under existing circumstances she could
ftot live with him. Mrs. : Hatfield is
young and very pretty and highly edu
cated. She was on the operatic stage be
fore she married Hatfield.
JXVITATIOXS TO I-IXCHEOX .
WITH PRESIDENT ÜBCLI.VED
Corral Klchnioud Cili/rus llrfnxr to
Concede That the Civil "War
Hus leaded.
RICHMOND, Va.. Oct. 11. — Several of
the 300 or more invitations extended
by the committee of the council in
charge of the arrangements for the en
tt-rtaininent of President Roosevelt on
the occasion of his visit to Richmond
on Octobt-r lb. extended to city officials
and° other prominent persons, have been
rtfusfd. The declination of ;m invi
tation to take luncheon with the Presi
dent has occasioned considerable sur
prise.
Army and Navy Order*.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 11. — Army or
ders: Captains Edmund M. Blake and
George 1* R. Irwin, Artillery Corps,
\u25a0w,hc~n excused as witnesses before the
general \u25a0 court-martial at Vancouver
Barracks, will proceed to Fort Riley,
Kan.s., and report to the commanding
Officer of r the provisional regiment of
livid artillery for assignment to duty.
The following surgeons will be- relieved
from duty in the Philippines division
and will proceed on the transport Bail
ing from Manila about February 15 to
Ban Francisco. Upon their arrival they
will report by telegraph to the mili
tary secretary of the army for further
orders: Major Frank D. " Keefer and
William D. Crosby. The following sur
geons will be relieved from duty and
will proceed to San Francisco and take
a* transport about January 5 for Ma
nila and report to the commanding
gren,eral of the Philippines division for
assignment to duty: Major Rudolph G.
Kbert, Vancouver Barracks, Wash.;
Maljor Thomas U. Raymond, Fort
Assiniboine, Mont.
Navy orders: Surgeon A. W. Dunbar
fs assigned to the naval hospital at
Mare island. Chief Boatswain J. H.
Doyle will be detached from duty in
eorineetion with the Virginia, building
at the Newport News Shipbuilding and
Drydoclf Company's yards at Newport
News. Va., on November 10 and will
proceed to the Asiatic station, sailing
from San Francisco about November
2n. Boatswain C. Nygaard is assigned to
the Pensaeola. with additional duty at
tne naval training station at San Fran
cisco. Paymaster Clerk O. G. Haskett
is appointed paymaster's clerk in the
riovy. from October 10. with duty at
the naval station at Honolulu.
» » \u25a0
GALT LAKE. Utah. Oct. 11.— Following the
•orftrencf In this city of high operating- offi
cials of th* Harriman lines, announcement wa»
znaie 10-<iay that work on Improvements in
Bait Lake City to cost a" quarter of a million
dd'ars would be b^run at once. The lm
r>rov«EontB u-ill Include a T*txv passenger su
tler.. .
In merit, in cures, in sales. Hood's Sarsaparilla, also in combina-
tion ? proporticn and process, is Peculiar to Itself.
; It is made from the best blood-purifying alterative and tonic
ingredients by such original and peculiar methods as to retain the
full medicinal value of each and all.
J : Therefore, it is the most powerful blood purifier known.'.. .The
•severest forms of scrofula, salt rheum, catarrh, rheumatism; dyspep- 1\
sia.and debility are cured by it every day in the year."
r We say,. positively, it will cure you. Get it to-day. , v
. It is the world's greatest blood medicine. v- ; ;N; N v '.'.'?. \u25a0.,;'
BANDIT ELUDES
THE DETECTIVES
Xo Trace Is Found of Bold
Bobber AVho Shot and
Killed Messenger Haskell
FOLLOWING UP CLIEWS
. . . .• \u25a0 ' r •. . \u25a0 • Y .
Officers; ; Working oh
Still Entertain Hopes of
Capturing- the 'Fugitive
Spt-cia! Dispatch to The.^Call.
REDDING. Oct. 11.-A man who- was
suspected of being -the* highwayman whd
shot Messenger Haskdl in an effort to
hold \u25a0up the Reddlng-Delamar" stage~ was
apprehended to-day, but turned out to bf
.innocent. Driver Dur^er. toidvf he officers
and the Coroner's jury that : the bandit
resembled George Cody," a teamster who
left Delamar with a "30-30 rifle Sunday
morning. The fact that Cody did not re
turn to camp led to an investigation.
Detective Thacker and l.'nder Sheriff B
Ehrens found Cody to-day at Delamar,
he having Just returned. He was put
through a rigid questioning and proved
to the satisfaction of the officers that he
is not the bandit.
Cody went up Squaw Cieek hunting
and remained at a wood camp Sunday
and Monday nights. Detective Thacker
•is now working on another clew and has
under suspicion- a couple of men who
live in the vicinity of Bear Valley. It
is said the detective has found the place
where the robber took the barrel staves
with which the barricade was made.
Some persons here are inclined to the
belief that there is a woman connected,
with the robbery. - \
The funerai of the dead messenger will
take place to-morrow afternoon. There
will be eight pallbearers selected from the
ranks of his old comrades and associates.
The women of Redding are particularly
indignant over the murder and they vr>w
to mete out summary punishment to the
bandit. If the men fail to lynch him when
he Is caught. Messenger Farrell of San
Francisco will be here to-morrow to take
the place formerly occupied by Dan
Haskell. The Pit River was patrolled
to-day, as it was thought the bandit
might be driven to cross that stream.
One lone hunter was held up about six
miles up the river and had a difficult
time convincing his captors that he was
not the highwayman.
TWO NEW RAILROAD
LINES TO BE BUILT
Articles of Incorporation Are
Filed With Secretary
of State.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 11 — Article* or
incorporation of -the Fallon Railway
Company have been liled in the • orlici
of the Secretary of State. The road is
to comnu-nre at Hazen. Churchill Coun
ty. Nevada, ar.d run to Fallon. in tho
same county a!;d Stale. Th«. directors
of the road tire: William Hood, San
Francisco: N. T. Smith. San Carlos: J-.
L. Wileutt. Oakland; J.E. Fculds.
Berkeley; FrAnk Shay. CftklaAtoa Th«
capital stock of the company is $s*>o,{>ot».<
The sum of |'J2,000 has been subscribed.
; Articles of .Incorporation of the, Scott
Valley Pailvay Company were also filed!
to-day. It Is proposed to build and
operate a double- or single railway
injck from- Yreka. Hiskiyow • County,
thence south westerly tliroJigrh^ Scott
Valley to a point on the Pacific Ocean,
either in Del Norte or Humboldt coun
ty, and also from Yreka to Montagu*.
The total longtii of the roud is estimated
at 150 miles. The directors of the road
are CharU-s F. I*oss, Henry F. Wells and
John A. Manly. ul! of San' Francisco.
The cnnitai stock of : the, company is
51.500.000, of vhich $i 50,000 haS" been
subscribed.
WIZARD BURBAXK
BECOMES A WOODMAX
Noted Scientist Is .Initiated
Into th e Cam p at San
ta Rosa. ;
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 11.— Luther Bur
bank, the noted scientist, has joined his
first secret society. He is. now a full
fledged member of the Modern Woodmen
of America, having been . obligated into
membership of Golden West Camp, - No.
7535 of; this city, to-night. The matter
has been under consideration for some
time but it was' not until Tuesday that
a committee from the local Camp con
sisting of A. R. Waters, Clarence Lea,
Frank A. Sullivan, J. T. Townson and R.,
K. Roberts met' llie~" Scientist and ar-"
ranged the details, of .his initiation for
this evening. The Camp is very proud of
the new recruit. ,\u25a0_'\u25a0'
Recognizing the demands on Burbank's
time and energy the Camp arranged it
so that an adjourned meeting was held
at his home this evening at S:3O for the
initiation ceremony, There was a dozen
of the loading members present and only
the sho.rt form was given.
Punished lor Contempt of Court.
WOODLAND, Sept. 11. — Judge Gad
dis of .the Superior Court committed
John Hunt, a rancher of Davisville, to
jail and fined him $250 for contempt of
court. The trouble arose over a re
straining order commanding Hunt not
to Interfere with an almond orchard
which he had rented to a Mr. Mount.
Hunt, so the evidence showed,, turned
his hogs and cattle Into the orchard in
defiance of the order of the court.
Litigation Over Frnnehine Is Settled.
WOODLAND, Oct. 11.— The litigation
between J. Reith Jr. and «N. .A. Haw
kins over a franchise for an electrfc
railroad in Yolo County has been set
tled by the purchase of both franchises
by William T. For man and other local
operators.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Scott E. Bone, for
many years the managing editor of the Wash
ington Post, to-day resigned that position. f
THE- SAN FRANCISCO VCALI^ THURSDAY,, QCtOBER 12/ 1905.
BRAVE EXPRESS MESSENGER WHO WAS SHOT AND FATALLY WOUNDED
BY. A STAGE ROBBER WHO HAS THUS FAR ELUDED THE DETECTIVES
WHO ARE WORKING ON THE CASE.
BANKER OFFERS
LARGE REWARD
/JN.EW YOR8;, Qct. 01.— Isidor Wormser,
the millionaire banker, offered $100,000 re
ward* to-day for. ; the conviction of a gang
p£ ; men who recently kidnaped Annie
Thornton, a domestic employed in. his
household; In court to-day, when five
men were arraigned for the crime, Mr.
Wormser'said: . . • , • . i
•\u25a0'.'"I will -give : : $100,000 to have the perpe
trators of tills dastardly crime con
victed and siint to prison."
Recently Miss Thornton, while passing
a stable on thcr West Side, was seized by
two men and dragged into the stable. A
dozen other men joined them, there. The
girl .'did not escape until the next morn
ing and her health was aeriously af
fected by her experience.
?: The. five men arraigned . to-day were
held in $2000 bail each. The police an
nounce that they expect to arrest nine
more men in connection with the as
sault.
LABOR EEDER ATIOX
SCORES SOCIALISM
Organization Headed by Debs
Denounced by 3lassa
chusetts Toilers.
PITTSFIELD, Mass., Oct. 11.— The
State Federation of Labor to-day
adopted resolutions condemning Socialism
in general and the Socialist organization
known as the Industrial Workers World,
which was formed In Chicago in July,
1905,. and headed by Eugene V. . Debs,
lormer Presidential candidate on the So
cialistic ticket. -• :
The - resolution against the Industrial
World characterized thy forma
tion of the - organization is "the most
despicable attack yet made -upon the life
of our national body," arid it was" resolved
that "we icsist by all lawful 'means this
encroachment upon our rightful territory,
namely, the labor . world of • the United
States." Vv
Tne resolutions met with al.,a 1 ., storm •of
protests, from the Socialist- delegates; but
were passed by an overwhelming vote.
To Cure' a Col«l !ii° One Day
Take LAXATIVK BKOMU Quinine Tablets.
L»rutijii>i» teiund money if -it'.laiis to 'cure.
K. VV. GKOVE'h signature is on •eaou bux.^'^j^.'
PAINT THE TOVVAT iWHITIi, ' " '^
NOT .: UEDj fl SAYS .DUNNE
Major of Chicago Gives Advice to
the Men'jWho Deal In
i'lKniMits.', 'i \. -t
CHICAGO. Oct. "11.— Mayor.. Dusne
yesterday declared himself in favor of
white paint instead of red in- the deco
raticTn of towns, particularly withfrefer
ence to Chicago. The occasion; was -the
opening of the convention of 'the Na
tional Paint, Oil and..Varnish'Associa
tion. . . ,_ ; .1 \u25a0'\u25a0"-''. •• < •'*"'\u25a0*'';\u25a0*/"; -.\u25a0.- ; :
"I trust," said the Mayor, "that If- you
must paint- the \u25a0, town .Jt,,"wiii'>be with
white paint and'not -\\rlth ,-red, as Chi
cago is in need of ail influences toward
cleanliness. However, 'if ' &.'_ certain
amount of red paint is used, 'j-place r the
Chicago police at your service- arid- will
personally sco that any of,, your .mem- 1
bers are well cared ,f or." ' S, i; ;
John H. Peters New York replied
to the Mayor. -^ .-. ;
J Steps were taken to establish a fire
assurance association for. the benefit of
the members. The question of railroad
rates also" came up and the association
placed • itself on record as indorsing, the
attitude. of President-Roosevelt as : ex
pressed In his last message. -
Yale Kreabmeii Apologize.
NEW. HAVEN, .Gonn.,2Oct. 11.— Tha
Yale freshman class held a meetlnisr to
day and appointed a committee to frame
an -apology; to the university and the
city authorities ..for.: the., acts ,of the
.members of r th.elV- class who ; took part
in" the disturbances in front of PiersOn
Hall, on York street,; last Sunday,even
ing.' '. .yi] : U\ :, '\u25a0 ' \u25a0:\u25a0.'.;, .-..\u25a0; . ;-'\u25a0\u25a0 h 3 :'\u25a0
./ CHICAGO. Oct:\U.— A gain of nearly 25 per
cent." " In , attendance Is noted , at " the University
of Chicago, '\u25a0according: to figures officially an
nounced .-yesterday. - There are 232« r > ;men and
women enrolled In classes at the institution. - ,
FORGES CHECKS
OF "DUPE&CO."
PEORIA. 111., Oct:.ll.^N. Q. Dougherty
realized JIS.OoO, by , using the name of A.
.H; • Andrews & .C0..0f Ohicago. in three
years,, .This Was developed ; before • the
\u25a0Grand. Jury,. to-day, when H. J. Merl, see
re taryj»«f the. company, appeared' before
the Grand Jury with the books of the
company. the. business. done by the
School -Hoard, with .-the !< firm, had been
comparatively limited for two • years \u25a0or
more. Dougherty's use' of. 'the "firm namv
in forging checks and school scrip, had
been extensive.-... . : : .
The vagaries of his actions are almost
incomprehensible. In one case he forged
a check for $1 57. In another a sense of
humor developed when the name of "F.
Dupe & Co." had been forged^ The most
fantastic names' were 'used, and there
seems to. have been no system whatever
in his work. .....:
The members, of the School Board arc
following the theory that Dougherty lost
large sums of money fn wildcat gold
mining schemes, estimated at between
JCD.OOO and $100,000.
The Grand Jury reported to the State's
Attorney that it would report, at .least
twenty-four more cases against Dough
erty. *
The latest estimate placed on his pec
ulations in padded pay rolls places the
amount at a quarter of a million dollars.
So far as it has been figured from the
canceled checks, it shows that for ten
years past he averaged from. $2500' to
$4000 a month. As new schoolhouses were
built and new teachers added the propor
tion, of added names was. _ carried out
The checks for the fictitious names were
cashed ' by Dougherty himself, who ex
plained that he would hand the money
to the teachers in person.
WOULD BAR SALES3IAX
FRO3I A RIVAL PIIOI
Company Claims He Has Xo
\u25a0Right to Work for
Opponents.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 11.— The entire' range
of skilled labor is interested in a case
given to Judge Thompson of the United
States Cou:t on briefs, by counsel for
plaintiff and defendant respectively.
John P. Stetson Was taken from a.bench
and without previous preparation was
placed on the road as. salesman for Meek
& Co. of Coshocton. He developed • re
markable ability as a salesman ' in % a
particular department.' In time ' Stetson
resigned his place and took similar serv
ice with another firm and worked ln.his
old field. I»ieek &. Co. set .up in their
plea for an injunction that Stetson was
educated by them and that he has no
right to use the knowledge thus obtained
against their interests. The -court
granted a temporary injunction.
TOO MUCH HANDSHAKING '-' '\u25a0
MAKES POLITICIAN ILL
Causes Kliir to Cut Into His Finger,
Reaulttner • *«t '• Blood --'^
\u25a0; Poisoning. -'.-,:. ,-\u25a0\u25a0-
HOPKINSVILLE. , Ky.; Oct. 11.— As' a
result |of too : much handshaking,;' dur-.
ing which his ring cut' into his finger,
G..L. Campbell, the Republican nominee
for County Clerkris'-jsuffering- from
blood poisoning and^hiS', condition is
serious. " ' .' ; vJ»'i '':•"' T ;: ..l- \u25a0 \u25a0 '" .\u25a0;'*.'
\u25a0Wrecked on Lake .. Erie.
BUFFALO, N\'^.Y;, v 7OcC " 11.— The
steamship: Charles "H,. Burton went
ashore at Barcelona to-day. ' Barcelona
is the port of entry' at Westfield. ; .The
Burton carried a 1a 1 cargo 'of ; coal i from
Buffalo .to. Toledo, v A erew t -of J eight
men was rescued by , Westfield .*• men,
who w.ent to- their .assistance in small
boats. : 'The. steamship .now lies in; sev
enteen 'feet of water. /\u25a0' Tugs . wilL start
working on' her. to-morrow.. . •-'\u25a0 \u25a0
Walks n Mile AVlth Neck : Broken.
CINCINNATI, Ohio.? Oct. 11.— After
falling- into, a; "gravel 'pit ; near Law
renceburg, Ind.; yesterday and breaking"
his - neck, ; an Italian? laborer, assisted
by,, a friend, .walked 'nearly a•' mlleV to
his * tehtr holding his head in his hands.
The' injury^: will I prove \ t atal:*£ y.;^ -
BRUTAL PAIR
T3T x m
Lured Into Trap
and Is Relieved
of $5000.
Continued from Pnge 1, Column 4.
of the robbery, states that he heard
screams at this time and a few moments
afterward saw a man and a woman hur
ry down Ellsworth street toward Oak
land. He gives a description of the couple
that tallies exactly with that which the
clerk of the Hotel Touraine provides.
The man was about 5 feet 11 inches in
height, wearing a blue suit, sack coat
and light gray hat. He had a Vandyke
beard and a long mustache, light brown
in cplor. The woman was short and
stout, wearing a brown dress, and a tan
veil. She was blonde in complexion and
had light hair.
This couple rented the house* at 2214
Ellsworth street a week ago; according
to Mrs. S. Roberts, who. lives in an ad
joining dwelling. It is a small cottage,
sitting back 75 feet from the road. It
is cheaply furnished. W. E. Sell, .a
prominent resident of Berkeley, recently
died In the house, which his daughter
owns. . ;
HURRIED FLIGHT APPARENT.
When the police came to the house
to-day they found it open. 'There were
no signs of a struggle in the dining-room
where the assault occurred. The bed in
an aa joining room was disarranged, and
under the pillows . were found a small
arsenal of weapons. A big dirk, a butch
er knife, a pair of scissors and a large
fork were stowed beneath -. the pillows.
A box containing rubber gloves, and a
bottle of acid were under the sheet at
the head of the bed. The chairs con
tained clothing, thrown carelessly about,
the rooms being in great confusion. A
woman's underclothing, complete to the
last detail, was on a chair, indicating
apparent haste in the departure made
trom the house. Ellis' coat and hat lay
on the floor where the thieves had left
them. :
Ellis lived in Sydney, Australia, and
had been connected with racing pursuits
for a number of years. He is a smooth
shaven, keen-eyed, typical horseman in
appearance. His nerve was shown by
the \ manner in which he told his story
to the police- while .he ..lay writhing in
pain on the floor of. the stable.
WARNED AGAINST BRUSH.
Ellis told the following story, at in
tervals, to the police before being ope
ruted upon. at the hospital:
"My home is at 235 Crown street,
Sydney, Australia, where my wife and
tiiree children are now. I am a horse
man and - became acquainted with
Brush, or Curtis, as he called himself in
Sydney, and the woman who passed as
his wife,. during the racing season in
Sydney. He said he was a racetrack
nia-n and owned a string of fine horses
in, America. His tales of the wealth to
be gained in America induced me to
accompany him here.
"I was warned, by. friends to beware
of Biu*h, or Cuitis. and was told that he
and his companion were thieves and of
bad character generally. I paid little
attention to these reports, as the cou
ple appeared to me to be perfectly re
spectable oersons.
"We took passage on tho Sierra, and
I learned on the boat that the man who
had called himself Curtis in Australia
was traveling under the name of
Brush. He said they were known by
the name of Brush in the United States
I came over to Oakland on October ' 3
and engaged rooms at the Hotel Tou
raine, while Curtis, : or Brush, and his
companion rented the cottage in Berke
ley. I had visited them several times
and agreed to accompany them- to New
York. We were to have left on to
night's overland, but I had grown sus
picious of them and did not intend to
take the train. To deceive them I had
my trunks checked for New York.
"This afternoon "at 2 o'clock Brush
and the woman came to the Touraine
and invited me to come to lunch with
them in Berkeley to-day. At that time
Brush said he was short of money
and asked for a loan. I gave him fifty
pounds in currency.
"This afternoon at about 2 o'clock Ij
arrived at the house on Ellsworth street.
There was hardly anything on the table
to eat, but both Brush and his wife
seemed happy and in good humor. I had
just taken my seat at the table when I
was struck a fearful blow on the head
from behind. I turned around and could
just see., as through a haze. Brush stand
ing with a hammer in one hand and a
stiletto in the other.
TIIREE PEOPLE RENTED* HOUSE.
• "The woman was standing up and held
a revolver. She fired, twice as I fell.
I I Rich, luxurious ccrpets in the prettiest of colorings. |
I I Richer than body Brussels and almost as serviceable. S
I I They are not remnants. There is enough of most patterns to carpet I
: | Regu!ar!y sold for $ 1 .40 a yard. |
I 1 AFcwßigelow 01 Q C Matting Rvgs. Dft Q ip I WhitcFvrßuas . Qi [fl 1 1
I J Axminsters $hZJ 6x9 Feet dZiUJ 27x54 Inches OliOU ||
I I A YARD Something; new— Matting- Good serviceable rugs and |
II \u25a0• B^elow Axminsters are in >««y rug patterns in^e standard size. i |
i , , . , , . ' lnd lar ? e cnou ? h to cover a White, as you know, will J;j
'\u25a0 H considered the standard of Yma!l mnm P»,4* u» v, • lt h n
I H - • \u25a0 sman room. Keds, biues, harmonize with any carpet 1
| I two dollar carpets. -, greens/ -.• or color scheme. II
P,B V ' ' I No ma '! or telephone o^ers will be accepted lor aareriisea' arittiea- fl
| Endorsed by |
I Fire Chlcls and Underwriters I
I Of Eight- Principal Cities |
I The Fire Chiefs of Minneapolis and
I St. Paul and the Minneapolis Under- |
writers 9 Inspection Office endorse
I DOMINO SAFETY MATCHES on |
account of their FIVE POINTS OF *|
I SAFETY j I
| 1, Heads prevent fire from side frio |l
I tion. % Box can be roughly handled a
I with minimum liability of ignition. Jf
0 2. Rodents ki awing the wax on splint a
pj end cannot ignite the match, because ||
1 the main head is non-ignitible by friction, y
I -3. Stepping on the Domino Safety y
i•" Matcb will not ignite it i
n 4» Protected tips — heads never fly. H
I 5. Boxes are White with 'Black letter- |
1 ing and bear the distinctive marks of n
y the Diamond Matcb Company (Beware |j
i of Imitations). y
1 THE DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY |
0 Manufacturer^ of tbe Best Matches £j
Brush caught me when I fell to the floor
and tore off my coat. Then he grabbed
the roll of money from my pocket. That
is the last I remember until I came to."
S. 13. Kentield. the agent who rented the
house in which the robbery took place,
said to-night that he had rented the house
to three people. Mr. Kenfleld explained
the matter by saying: "On October 3
three people came to me, a man and a
woman who answer the descriptions of
those who brousht Ellis to the house,
and a third man, who looked enough like
the woman to be her brother. They said
that they were from Chicago, and that
the health of the woman being delicate
they wanted to locate in some quiet place.
They drove around with me and finally
spied this house, which they said would
suit them. They said that their trunks
and furniture would come from Chicago
in a few days."
PI*AX>*ED GHASTLY DEED.
; Town Marshal Vollmer and Chief of
Police Hodgkins of Oakland had a lou^
interview to-nlffht with Eilis and made
a detailed inspection of the premises.
They hud decided that Brush and* the
woman intended to murder Ellhs and to
cut up his body to get rid of it In the
hope of avoiding detection. This theory
they explain by pointing to the various
implements found in the foom, the knives,
acid and rubber gloves. The carcet in
the room where the trio took lunch had
been taken up and removed to a side
room and the floor had been covered. with
pieces of oilcloth, so placed that Kills
after he had been killed could have been
wrapped in the stuff witheu't his
chair resting on the oilcloth. The table
had been set over against the side of the
room out of the customary place in the
center. The appearance to the polict was
that of careful, well-planned preananse
ment for handling the body. The removal
of the carpet suggested the elimination
of dancer from blood stains, as the oil
cloth could readily have been washed cr
destroyed. There was none but_ ihtui
selves to know that Eilis had Wen <\u25a0.
guest there and in event of hU murder
the body could have been disposed of ,
quietly, ample time being given for the i
culprits to make their escape, after re
moving all signs of the crime. Bui that
plan failed.
WOMAN WAS THE BAIT.
That Ellis has been a victim of a
pair of crafty criminals, the police are
satisfied after to-night's interview. The
Australian admitted to Vollmer and
Hodgkins that he had been — to use
street parlance — "played for a sucker,"
and the woman was the .bait. During
his acquaintance with them In Aus
tralia, Ellis said he had spent £1000,
or $5000, on the pair, much of it going
for purchases of jewels for "Mrs. Brush."
That the woman was adorned by gems
,wa« noticed by Mrs. Roberts, a neigh
bor at Berkeley, and by others who ob
served the unusual display of diamonds
the. stranger made.
Ellis confessed he had fallen into a
trap, and, despite the fact that be has
a family in the Antipodes, he permitted
the woman to lure him on. But his
suspicions that they meant to do him
harm were not thoroughly enough
aroused to save him. That they were
aroused at all was a fact. It came
about on Monday night, when he occu
pied a room at the cottage. He was
there as the guest of the pair. After
he retired, Elli3 told the police, the man
and woman kept up a steady whisper
ing. He continued:
"I hate a whisperer, and their con
duct so upset me that I didn't sleep all
night. Suspicions that all was not
right entered my mind and I wondered
what all that mysterious whispering
could have been about. But the trouble
Is. my suspicions, while they greatly
disturbed me, did not take on definite
form. I was unable to make up my
mind just what it might mean. I In the
morning my disturbance "wa3 not al
layed and I decided to have nothing
more to do with these people. I should
have kept to that resolution, tor *w.»
premonition was strong enough to ha.ye
served me as a warning."
Ellis recovered at midnight suffi
ciently to give the police a detailed de
scription of Brush. It is as follows:
Brush, alias Cutter, waa 30 years old. six
fe«-t and one-half Inch In height, weighed about
140 pounds, had a scar on the right clieelc
three inches In length, had sallow complex
ion. !on«r face. clo»*Iy triramed bear<i and
wore a $2CO solitaire diamond ring on the »eo
ond finger of tb* left hand, and a gold chain,
with an eagle on the charm. The woman.
Mildred Brush. Is 20 y«ars old, five feet four
and one-half Inches in height, has black hair
and full brown eyes and was of medium build,
wore diamond brooch costing $200 and several
diamond rings on her hands.
Early in the evening Ellis said the
woman was a blonde, but corrected this
at midnight.
Barney Bernard, the actor, knew Ellis
in Australia. "When seen in his dressing
room, at the Majestic theater last night
he said: "I met William C. Ellis at the
National Sporting Club. In Sidney, Aus
tralia, when I was playing in that city
last year. He was Interested in sporting
there, being prominent in bookmakir.s
circles. He also devoted a good deal of
his time to traip^ng, and Is an expert in
that line. He has been connected with
horse racing for twenty-five years. I to!d
him a good deal about the coast, so he
came over hare to see what it was like.
He went to the Touraine Hotel in Oak
land. One night last week, when I was
playing a\ the Liberty Theater there, he
came to see me. He told me he wanted
to meet the racing men here. and. I ad
vised him to come to this side of the bay.
He asked mo to get a. room for him
here, and I engaged one for him at the
Adams Hotel, and he was to have taken
It this morning. I know nothing about
his financial affairs, or how much money
he had. with him. He stood well In Sid
ney."NEPHEW OP KING EDWARD
WEDS KAISER'S NIECE.
PRINCESS VICTORIA BECOMES BRIDE
l*ilINT-HSi* VICTORIA AnKLHEIIV A N'iEOE CF THE EMi'RliSSs <je' IiKKMANT,
WHO YEPTKRDAY BECAME THE BRIDE OF A NEPHEW OF KING ED
WARD OF GREAT BRITAIN.
GLUECKSBURG, Prussia. Oct. 11.—
Princess Victoria Adelheid. eldest daugh
ter of Duke Frederick of Schleswig-Hol-
Etein-Sonderburg-Gluecksbuig, and niece
of Empress Augusta Victoria, was mar
ried to Prince Charles Edward, Duke of
Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, a nephew of
King Edward, at. midday to-day in the
beautiful little castle here in the presence
of about fifty members of the royal fam
ilies of Germany. Among them were the
Emperor and Empress and all the im
perial children except the Crown Prince.
Frederick William. He and Prince Eitel
Frederick are the young Duke's intimate
friends and no one seems to know pre
cisely why the Crown Prince was ab-
The castle was altogether too small to
accommodate half the number of guests,
so they came in automobiles or carriages
from country places in the neighborhood.
The Imperial party stayed over night on
the Imperial yacht Hohenzollern.
The civil ceremony took place in the
\u25a0wide hall of the castle. Then as many
of the royal quests and their suites as
could be given space went to the little
chapel upstairs, where the religious rite
was performed.
After the religious rite had been per
formed the bride led the way, dressed
in white and wearing a veil, walking be
tween Emperor William and her father.
Duke Frederick. Six bridesmaids fol
lowed and then came the bridegroom in
the light blue and gold uniform of the
Ninth Hussars, with the broad orange
These night shirts should be judged by
their actual value— and not by the price we ask,
because they are underpriced.
They are made of good heavy weight flan-
nelette, in white, tan and light gray grounds
with neat stripes and checks in harmonizing
colors; and the shirts will wash without fading,
irrespective of the low price. . /
Each garment liberally cvt — roomy, com-
fortable; scams double sewed; pearl buttons;
two styles — turn down or narrow military col-
lars; sizes 14 to 18; fifty cents is all we ask.
Hail Orders F HI ad— Write To-Day
Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing
Two Large Stores
Gor. Powell and Ellis and .740 Market Street
ribbon of the Order of the Black Eagle,
conferred on him by the Emperor to-day.
On either side were the Empress and the
Duchess of Albany and then Prince Ar
thur of Connaught, representing King
Edward and. other Princes. Pastor Som
mcrfleld of Gluecksburg performed the
service. "
School'antf business holiday was ob
served throughout the State and crowds
of the bride's and groom's subjects gath
ered and g^ve them an enthusiastic wel
come when they appeared 'together on the
balcony of the castle.
KAISER INSPECTS VESSEL.
Visits Turbine Steamship of Hamburs-
Amrrk'im Line.
GLUECKSBERG. Prussia, Oct. 11. —
After the wedding to-day of Prince
Charles Edward and Princess Victoria
Emperor William made a thorough
inspection of the Hamburg-Ameri
can line's new ' turbine steamship
Kaiser, which came here upon his Ma
jesty's request for that purpose. Di
rector yon Grumrae explained all the
details of construction to the Emperor,
who intends to take a trial trip on the
vessel to-morrow. The Kaiser will be
used for excursions from Hamburg to
Heligoland. .;; \, : ."
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11.— At to-day's
meeting of the American Humane Association,
In annual session here, Mrs. Mary P. Lamb of
Los Ansreles was among those who delivered
addresres.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1905.
POLICE COERCE
OMAHA COUNCIL
Mayor Emploj'S Bluecoats to
Aid in Forcing* Through a
Gas Company Ordinance
FUBOR IN- THE -CHAMBER
Minority Members Opposed to
the Deal Are 'Compelled to
liemaiii to Insure- Quorum
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 11. — Mayor
Moores stationed a cordon of policemen
at the doors of the City Council cham
ber to-day and prevented three mem
bers of the Council leaving the room,
thus keeping intact a quorum, which
the majority used to pass an ordinance
entering Into a contract with the
Omaha Gas Company to* supply illumir
nating gas to,the city.
The Council met in adjourned ses
sion, a quorum not having been pres
ent at Tuesday night's regular meeting.
After the roll of the Council was called
President Zicman and Councilman
Nicholson and O'Brien started to leave,
thus breaking the quorum. They found
every door blocked by. policemen and
were forced to remain in the room.
A member of the majority made a
motion placing- the ordinance on its
passage, but President Ziemati refused
to put the question. Councilman Hunt
ington. a member of the majority, put
the question, five members voting for
it. The minority members declined to
vote.
Mayor Moores .was present and im
mediately returned the contract, with
the bond approved. The Mayor made
an impassioned speech and harsh words
were passed between the majority and
minority members of the Council.
During the parley between Mayor
Moores and Councilman O'Brien there
occurred one of the most sensational
scenes ever enacted in a legislative
body in Nebraska* Threats of personal
violence were made and a clash at fisti
cuffs between the Mayor and O'Brien
seemed certain, when ' Councilman
Nicholson, another minority member,
interfered. Twice O'Brien attempted to
leave the Council chamber and was
forcibly pushed back by a policeman.
City Attorney Herdman declares the
ordinance is Illegal, while an attorney
representing the gas company says the
contract as approved is satisfactory.
The ordinance provides for a ten
year contract with the gas company for
furnishing street lamps at $2S each a
year. It is alleged by the minority that
cheaper lights could be secured.
LOSS OF RACING REPORTS
COSTLY TO WESTERN UNION
Caused Two Hundred Thousand Dollars
Decreane in Earnings of
Comi««iiij'.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — The discon
tinuance of racing reports caused a de
crease of $215,755 in the gross earnings
of the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany for the year ended June 30 last.
The decrease. President Clowry re
ported, resulted, In spite of a large in
crease In , revenue from message busi
ness. After the payment of interest
and dividends the surplus for the year
amounted to $1,092,781, a decrease of
$768,923.
At the meeting 1 of the stockholders
to-day Harris C. Fahnestock and
Thomas B. Hubhard were elected di
rectors to succeed A. R. Brewer, re
signed, and Charles Lockhart, deceased.
The other directors were re-elected.
DAMAGE SUITS CAUSE BIG <
. DEFICIT FOR RAILROAD
New York City Railway Company Root
Behind Nearly 93,000,000 In
One Yenr.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — A deficit of
$2,796,943 for the year ended June 30
last is shown by the annual report of
the New York City Railway Company,
which i<? lessee of the Metropolitan
Street Railway Company. This Is an
Increase of $1,400,176 as compared with
1904. The deficits since 1902 aggregate
$4.325,325. ..^
The deficit of this year is almost en
tirely accounted for by heavy payments
made on damage suits and for legal
expenses in defending damage suits.
REJECTED SUITOR MURDERS
THE GIRL WHO JILTED HIM
Stabs Her In the Presence of. Members
ot Her Family in
Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, 0., Oct. 11.— Carrying the
bloody knife with which he had stabbed
to death Mary King, aged 20, William
Towns, a boarder at the King home,
was placed under arrest here early to
day. Towns, who was a rejected suit
or of Misfi King, entered the house late
last night and in the presence of the
girl's mother and sister and a man
caller plunged the blade into her
breast. The young woman died almost
instantly.
KING ALFONSO TO VISIT -
GERMANY IN NOVEMBER
Matrlmonlnl Projects . of the Spanish
Royal Family Likely to
Be DiscusMetl.
MADRID, Oct. 11.— Tho palace au
thorities have been ordered to 'prepare
for the departure of King Alfonso to
Germany on November 3. The King
will remain in Berlin from November
6 to Noverrfber 12. attending elaborate
festivities, a military review and ; a
hunt. i'f'-.t"
The King's visit to Germany was ar
ranged long 1 ago, and It is generally be
lieved to be connected -with the matri
monial projects of the Spanish royal
family.
POPE RECEIVES HISHOP
/ GRACE OF SACRAMENTO
Makes Inquiry. Concerning: the Diocese
nnd ExprcHften Affection for the
*.V 1 '-V. 'American .People.
ROME, Oct. 1 1.— The Pope received
to-day In private audience Bishop Grace
of Sncrajr.ento. Cal. His Holiness was
most cordial, arid asked many .questions
concerning 1 the diocese, the clergy and
the progress of Catholicism, \and i ex
pressed once more tfre affection he en
tertains for the'Amerlcan people. .
Castro's Olive Branch Rejected.
CARACAS,' Venezuela, : Tuesday, Oct.
10. — The Venezuelan Telegraph Depart
ment has tendered the money: received
for the .transmission' of cable messages
by the French company's lines during
the last fortnight of September to the
chief of the * Caracas bureau of , the
company, but the latter : has refused to
accept it on the ground that; he has no
Instructions; to do.so.";go ',; ; •.-:'
Kdbem fauna la Not Dead.'
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 11. — Field
Marshal' Kdhem Pasha, the conqueror
of Greece, is alive and In good' health.
The report of his^death arose ' from the
demise of a namesake:.
s NAGASAKI, . . Oct. - .', 11.— The , /. Norwegian
steamship Arnf rid and! the German steamships
Kowloon. Hans Wagner and iM. Struve have
been captured by the Japanese while on their
way to Vladivostok.
SHAW WOULD CHANGE
CURRENCY SYSTEM.
HE PLANS TO MAKE IT FLEXIBLE
- . -\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . , \u25a0 \u25a0.-.--» \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -*\u25a0-.-\u25a0\u25a0"*\u25a0
Secretary One \ of the speakers of Ameri
can^ Bankers' 'Convention.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— There . pre
vailed in the important speeches before
the American Bankers'. Association con
vention here to-day the . sentiment that
financial legislation is necessary to rem
edy the defects in the currency system:
Thirty-three hundred bankers applauded
Secretary Shaw, to the echo (when he con
cluded a lengthy address, the burden of
which was a discussion on the prosperity
of the country- contrasted with a mone
tary system which is inflexible and liable
thereby to bring disaster at any crucial
time. Frank O. Vanderlip of the City
National Bank of New, York, former As
sistant Secretary of the Treasury, saw the
same prosperity and he also saw dangers
ahead. - -\u25a0 \
Secretary Shaw suggested a remedy— a
heavily taxed national bank note cur
rency which would be drawn 'forth at
times of unusual demand for money and
by reason of the tax be retired immedi
ately upon changed conditions. Vander
lip had no advice to offer. Ridgley, Comp
troller of the Currency, pointed out the
necessity of changed ; methods in' some
resptets in the Government's supervision
of national banks. President Swinney of
the association reviewed its growth and
development for the year. \u25a0
President Roosevelt was applauded and
thanked for his successful efforts In mak
ing peace between Russia and Japan. The
President recei\ed the bankers and the
ladies accompanying them at the White
House. There were music and floral dec
orations, but no speeches. The President
shook the Hand of every one of the vis
itors and extended his warmest greetings.
SHAW TALKS OF SHIPS.
Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of -the
Treasury, discussed the questions of trade
expansion and merchant marine at some
length, giving statistics of- the enormous
production and commerce of the United
States and concluding as follows:
Our foreign commerce is four times as large
as forty years ago, but we carry In our
bhips unly one-thlro. as many gruss tons as
forty years ago. We have' protected and en
couraged every Interest - but our . merchant
marine and every protected interest has
flourished. We have every tacllity for Inter
national commerce except international mer
chants, international bankers and an Inter
national merchant marine. Shall we not have
these. 1 am nut urti.ng miip sunsnue's. i
am speaking of results, not of methods. If
w e will but take advantage of our opportun
ities we will send these products ot farm
and factory under every sky and into every
port and make our financial centers the clear
ing houses o> at least a fraction of the world's
trade.
Within the last half century the United
States has not only assumed importance among
commercial countries, but in the -last decadt
she has become the greatest commercial nation
of the world. Not only do her exports ex
ceed those of any other country, but her
domestic commerce is two and a- half tlmea
as large as the aggregate international com
merce of the round earth. While the eighty
and more commercial countries are selling,
the one to the other, merchandise worth $11).-
CCO.OCO.OOO. the American people sell to each
other merchandise worth practically ?25,00<>,-
OOO.CCO. These stupendous and incomprehensi
ble figures make some of us proud, .some ar
rogant. They should make us all thoughtful
and prevent any of us from becoming reck
lessly critical.
The time Is coming with our increasing
population, more largely urban than ever,
with factories multiplying more rapldiy than
farms, with limitless manufacturing resources
and, matchless aptitude for production, when
the United ' States will need new and im
portant marketr. The world may am* to us
in its own ships for the products of our farms
and the raw products of its mines, but it will
not come in Its own ships for the , finished
products of our factories. The time is com
ing when we wll| need International bankers
and international merchants and an inter
atlonal merchant marine.
The Unlte'd States is the owner of the Phil
ippine Islands and these possessions, plus the
Panama canal, plus a merchant marine,
would insure to the American people some
what more than their present 10 per cent of
the trade washed by the shores of the Pacific.
We transport this matchless product of farm
and factory, forest and mine from the Interior
to the sea at one-third what similar services
cost anywhere else beneath the skies. We
carry it from point to point along the coast
in better vessels, in quicker time and at
cheaper rates than others. But at our coast •
.line we are brought to an abrupt halt. Here
we are no longer Independent.
VAXDERLIP GIVES VIEWS.
Mr. Vanderlip said that greatly in
creased income, ' demolishing liabilities,
and the provision of ample working capi
tal, had worked marvels in the \ way of
prosperity for the agricultural communi- i
ties during recent years. In the game
time similar conditions had developed in ]
the industrial field, and narrowness of
outlook and lack of co-ordination, which
led to the wasteful duplication of plants
and a vast expenditure of capital,- had
given way to more intelligent manage
ment. In the earlier stages, he said,
many of the combinations of industries,
which had been swept together under
hastily considered plans, were properly ]
open to criticism. He believed, however,
that evidence had accumulated to prove
that the men who had formed these great
corporations had shown true wisdom and
that . the improvement already fore
shadowed In Income accounts and balance
sheets was but an Indication of what may
yet come. He called attention to the ne
cessity of ceaselessly prosecuting the
struggle for foreign markets, and said he
believed opposition in the way of duties
would be met after every succeeding
meeting of the continental Parliaments.
The ease with which the financial world
stood the strain of a war which cost the
combatant nations two billions of dollars,
Vanderlip said, he believed was due to
the greatly increased production of gold
in recent years. To this" Increased pro
duction he also gave the credit for the
recovery from industrial depression dur
ing the past three years. At the same
time he expressed the belief that in this
very instance there was a possible future,
disturbance of values. Should the pres
ent rate of production continue, he be
lieved, the volume of money In the world
would be doubled in twenty years, with
the result that prices of many commodi
ties would be greatly increased— possibly
doubled.
SOUNDS NOTE OF WARNING.
While the increase in the supply of
money would tend to advance the price
of real / property, however, the price of
an obligation repayable in money would
not advance. Thus all persons having a
fixed income, persons .receiving a fixed
salary, or wage earners generally, would
be at a" disadvantage, for their incomes
would not tejid to increase as rapidly as
the purchasing power of their incomes de
creased. 'He believed, however, that the
theory of the classical economists .-.< that
with. the doubling of the gold stock would
cpmea doubling of prices would not hold
entirely good. Such, a result, he thought,
would be | prevented by the exploitation
of virgin fields of t development, such as
followed the dlscoverey of great quanti
ties of gold in Mexico, Peru, California
and Australia, and that, the next, [few
years would witness the expansion of the
field of commercial enterprise into many
new places.
: He declared .the outlook at;the present
time to be | very bright, .but gave, warning
that- almost surely there were dangers
lurking , in ; the situation. He added r<" ,
' Should a stock market speculation, start from
the present high level of : prices :in r the \face
of - the extraordinary > demand : for capital and
money which \u25a0 crops : and ?. business * alike \u25a0 are
making the result might easily be temporary
atsaster. Although there may be many favor
able i features to • the i outlook, -- It : is ;no < time
for prudence to : be' cast . to . the winds,', no time
for speculative commitments which would yield
disaster' If temporary, reverses: came; mo time
for laxness 'In \u25a0 any , forms of business prudence
and conservatism.'.." .'",' \u25a0,;';'
W. B. RIDGLEY TALKS.
W. B. Ridgley, Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, followed Vanderlip. He said in
part: W£?MM . - .ot
I • am firmly convinced that no system *of
bank examination or supervision from the out
side of the bank can absolutely prevent fraud
ulent bank failures. \u25a0 - »
I am also equally convinced that with care- :
ful and 'efficient work on the part of the ex
aminer., aided by intelligent and thorough let
ters of criticism based on the examiner's re
ports, any board of bank directors of fair Intel
ligence with an .honest desire to obey th« law
can, by co-operating with the examiner and
> the Compirolltr, make the failure of their bank
' practically, if not absolutely, Impossible. I
; Of the- seven thousand nine hundred and
thirty national banks which have been organ
ized -13S have failed, or 5^ per cent of the
whole number, as against about 17V4 per cent
of banks other than national in the same
period. The national banks which have failed
have paid their creditors over 78 per cent of
the amount due them, while the other bank*
have paid unly about 45 per cent. Of. the bil
lions and billions of dollars they ' have had
on deposit the national banks have lost for
their creditors in the whole period of their
existence only about thirty million dollars.
These .records in favor of the national banks
are mainly, it' not entirely, due to the wise
provisions and restriction of the national bank
act. and examination and supervision by the
national authority.
\u25a0 Rldgley said that the weakest feature
of the present system of examinations
is that the examinersoare 'paid by fee 3
instead of salaries. The Government
can, he said, and should . by all means
Improve the service", by paying the ex
aminers salaries and greatly increasing
their number, so that a man would have
time to go into matters more thoroughly.
liidgley said that recent disclosures o£
the most disgraceful - betrayal of trusts
by men- in the' highest positions, and the
use of these very positions for private
gain at the expense of those whom it
was ; their sacred duty to protect, have
put the Amtrican' financier on trial be
fore the country and the world, v
"It is a shame, a disgrace and a mis
fortune .that such things could have hap
pened when and where they did, but it
is a great good fortune that. through the
quarrel over the spoils the knavery has
been discovered."
PRESIDENT SWIXXEV SPEAKS.
In his opening address President Swin
ney of the association said:
We' have cause to congratulate ourselves
upon the abundant evidence that the past year
has been in the main marked by prosperity in
all lines of business and comparatively few
bank lailures have occurred. AIL such periods
have, however, produced a feeling of over
contidence and lead to the forming of unsound
industrial enterprises. The few bank failures
of the past year are mostly traceable to excess
loans made to enterprises of their promoters.
The present statutory provisions ; ot the na
tional banking act limiting loans to any one
Individual, mm or corporation to 10 per cent
of the capital stock of the lending bank seem
to be inadequate.
I would recommend a change in the banking
laws fvermitting banks to loan one-tenth of
their combined capital and surplus to one
individual, tirm or corporation and provide'
suitable penalties for any bank violating the
law. At the same time I would recommend
that any tunds passed to surplus be reported
to the Comptroller of the Currency and be not
thereafter allowed to be In any way Impaired
under the- same penalties and conditions as
now prescribed for Impairment of capital stock.
! It is an observable lact that in a great num
ber of bank failures there have been found
among their asstts the worthless notes of high
officers of the bank for the large loans, fre
eiut-ntly without any security at all, or. with
•"straw" security which proved to be absolute
ly worthless. This is a most flagrant and
reprehensible violation of law, to say nothing
of business ethics. It is the essence of per
sonal dishonesty. It is a wanton disregard
for the fundamental conceptions that such offi
cers are the chosen guardians of a trust.
RELATIVES OFFER REWARD
FOR A MISSING BANKER
Of Opinion that Abraham SchlSer of
Defunct Colorado Institution
Took Ills Life.
NEW YORK, October 11. — A reward
of $500 has been offered by relatives
of Abraham Schiffer for any informa
tion as to the present whereabouts,
whether living or dead, of Schiffer, one
of the officials of the defunct Bank of
Alamctsa, Colo. In announcing the re
ward to-day the attorneys of the fam
ily said Schiffer'9 relative^ are con
vinced that he has ended his life. \u25a0
Schiffer came to New York about two
weeks ago to secure financial assist
ance from his relatives, On Thursday,
September 28,' he announced his inten
tion of going to Chicago. In view of
the fact that he was without fundft and
that he has not been heard of since,
his relatives are convinced that he
committed suicide.
Knrlstnd Treaty to Be Ratified.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Oct. 11. — The
special commitee of the Riksdag, ap
pointed to consider the Karlstad treaty,
to-day unanimously reported In favor
of its ratification. - -.
wEM^%jj dJuJuK >»
m^TOfe^^ The beer brewed by the The Christian l/$^
l/lfvSl^^^V" Moerlein Brewing Company, of Cincinnati, \r*
I Wj^^tOTA the famous old Cincinnati Extra Pale, is
%wM%\ . \ the best beer in the world. \KiA
ir IJf '' - : \ There are four reasons— the first of which is ISPs]
\u25a0'h fflr^S^JjjSiV' -the brewer, the master of the brew— he who $$vy
\ ma kes the beer is the secret of the excellence *yy
of Moerlein's.beer. ;" ? /tj^
jO^y&\ The finest hops, the best malt from the best ffißi
SB ™ barley that the world grows, and the purest air I^^
ij i water— there are the contributors to the best )[^M
L THE CHRISTIAN MOERLIEN BREWING CO. j*J(
,MV SPOHN-PATRIQK COMPAKT (Incofpoftted) Pacific Coast . Ageafc, $^1
POLLUTED CITY RESERVOIRS I
Their Danger to the Health of Pe-ru-na* Is Found tke Only
the Community— Ways and Safe Means to Protect the
Means to Protect the Human System Against
Consumer of Germ* the Invasion of
Laden Drinking Microscopic
Water. \ Enemies.
ORDINARY drinking water, such as There is only one real safe way to
is produced from reservoirs, wells protect the body against the invasion of
or springs, is more or less contami- microscopic enemies that surround us
nated with organic materials. everywhere.
• . The atmosphere is full of bacteria, A catarrhal condition of the mucous
bacilli and so-called disease germs, membranes makes it very easy for tha
which become mingled with the drink- disease germs to enter the blood,
ing water that has been exposed to the whether they are taken into the lungs
atmosphere any length of time. with the air. or into the stomach with
' "With the most the drinking water and food.
COVT \:UIN VTION scrupulous care, A membrane affected by catarrh has
* * ib some contamina- numerous small '
tion is inevitable, ulcers or sores *w «*•«.*» I
INEVITABLE. but , in some wnlch a i low the DANGER
v cities the Imost germs to enter - 1
gross carelessness is common. \u25a0\u25a0> ..V 1 -- the blood. Con- CATARRH> f
The reservoirs containing the supply tagious and en- '
of water for the city are located in un- demlc diseases are the result,
wholesome districts, the drainage fronr Peruna protects the system against
the surrounding country Is filthy, and the effects of impure drinking water
everything tends to make the water im- and impure air by enabling the body to
pure. protect Itself against the encroach-
Again and again the microscoplsts ments of disease germs,
have called public attention to the spec- During the autumn season, when im-
imens of animal life found In drinking £« tl^ S^^^^^l°^?.
water - every one should be fortified against
Some cities are attempting to better contagious and 1
things through the use of filtering infectious d 1 s- PROTEOTIOX
plants and other expedients. eases by taking rv -
. But, whatever a course of Pc- w
everybody may be done, runa, which will PE-RTJ-NA.
every person put the mucous fc \u25a0\u25a0" '
Is who drinks wa- membranes right and make it lmpossl-
EXPOSED. ter is more or ble for the germs to do any damage.
I ' less exposed to Nobody is safe. Everybody is ex-
the germs that are capable of doing posed. Protection may be found in Fe-
damage In the human system. runa. . - .-..•;.•>.
LOSES HIS REASON
IN HIGH ALTITUDE
Italian From Golden State
Throws His Money
From Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 11.— On the arriv
al of the overland limited from the West
yesterday evening the trainmen deliv
ered to the police Alfredo del Carlo, an
Italian, wno had been In a demented con
dition ever since crossing the high alti
tude of the Sierra. He was bound from
California to Lucca, Italy.
Del Carlo was seized with the desire
to destroy things and tore up his railroad
ticket to New York and began to eat the
fragments. He threw away his money
and what was loose of his baggage. The
conductor and trainmen patched up what
was left of the ticket and left explana
tions for tho crews ahead. He was taken
off the "train at Ogden, but was sent on
with the hope that when he reached the
lower altitudes his mind would- recover
its balance. 1 •.V i -
Del Carlo is rather a young man of
good appearance and had made some
money in California. He has none of it
now. All he has* is the railroad ticket to
New York and the steamship ticket to
Italy.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP STRIKES
FLOATING MINE AND SINKS
Fifteen »t the Hn»»fnß*w and Crew of
the I-rho Brlievrd to Have
IVrl«hril.
TOKIO, Oct. 11.— A report has been
received nt Moji that the British steam
ship I.eho struck a floating mine ninety
miles cast of thy Shangtung lighthouse
on September 30. Of the crew and pas
sengers' fifteen are reported missing,
among them two foreign engineers.
Cnnnl Zone Free*! of Yellow Fever.
PANAMA." Oct. 11. — Governor Ma
goon's annual report is in course of
preparation. The cases of yejlow fever
In June numbered 60. In July 42, in
August 27. in September 5, £tod so far
this month there has not been a single
case reported.
JUDGE ENDS HIS LIFE
AFTEE WIFE'S DEATH
Keeps Diary Noting the Ef
fects of Morphine He
Hud Taken.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. IL— Judys A. O.
Brandner committed sulcida at his home
here to-day with Illuminating gaa. H©
grieved over the death of his wife.
Judge Brandner, who- was 60 years \u25a0 of
age. attempted on three different days re
cently to kill himself at the grave of his
wife at Onaga, Kans., by taking mor
phine. Brandner kept a diary of his
Onaga attempts, recording the hour of
the day at which he swallowed each grain
of morphine, and noting the effect of the
drug.
Brandner spent his early life to Mon
tana, and often asserted that he was the
first Judge regularly chesen in that State.
WORKWOMEN'S PENSIONS
PROPOSED FOR SPAIN
Extensive Reforms Called For la Mes
sage of Kins to the
Deputies.
MADRID. Oct. 11.— The royal message
to Parliament, which King Alfonso read
before the Chamber of Deputies to-day,
presented the Government's projects
for the electoral. Judicial and police re
forms, .the organization of working
men's pensions, modification of tho
liquor laws, the administration of . tho
Bank of Spain, revision of the code for
military instruction, the consolidation
of the new navy and the acquisition of
war materials.
The message .declares that the rela
tions between Spain and the foreign
powers are cordial and tend to the elab
oration of treaties of commerce. The
message /refers to the Moroccan nego
tiations, In which Spain takes an acttvs
part, having adhered to the interna
tional conference for the purpose of set
tling contested questions between tho
powers.
The message closes with expressing?
the hope that the work of Parliament
may be profitable to the nation.
Consideration for others is th«
noblest courtesy.
34
TREMENDOUS CROWDS GREETS MAYOR E.E. SCHMITZ
CHEERS ALL UNION LABOR PARTK CANDIDATES AT THEALHAMBRA THEATER RATIFICATION MEETING
Theater was packed to overflowing at the ratification meeting of the Union Labor party last night. Mayor Schmitz's appearance was the occasion for trem endous cheering^ In ™ prTncrpk. On the
years' administration,' pointed to the present prosperity of. San Francisco, flayed' in bitter terms the actions of the recent Grand Jury, scored :he Citizens' Alliance and declared- that the th ' J speakers trie 3 to force upon the people
platform sat all of the Union Labor party candidates for municipal offices. They Were introduced singly to the^audience. ' Two -hundred vice presidents occupied chairs just' behind, m general, uic
the Mea that the issue of the election was ihe^fight between labor and capital, and that if fusion should win sti ikes, .lockouts and Hvorkingmen^s -wars'woiild follow. "; t
Chief Executive Reviews Administration
and Points to Present Prosperity.
BITTERLY SCORES RECENT GRAND d.URY
Earnestly Asks People of VSan Francisco
to Support the Entire Ticket.
A monster crowd filled the Alhambra Theater at the thrice delayed ratification meeting of the Union
Labor party last night, and cheered Justily for the candidates of the ticket. Every in the house was ,
occupied and every bit of standing room was taken up. So vast a body was the crowd that an overflow meet
ing of over three hundred voters was held in the open air outside of the theatre. Inside the audience listened
to the speakers and cheered vociferously at every emphasized sentiment. Enthusiasm was Gn the air, and the
cheers~\vhich burst forth spontaneously when Mayor Schmitz entered the building rolled to the very rafters
and then reverberated with the strenght of the volume of sound. There were cheers for everybody. The
crowd yelled for everybody mentioned: George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Theodore Roosevelt, Thomas
Egan, Abe Ruef and Battling Nelson sharing equally in the applause.
Mayor Schmitz read his speech. It was a long address, but the audience listened attentively through
out. He told of his long administration and the peace and prosperity which he said had followed it; he
reviewed the business of the city since his first election, and he scored the Citnzens' Alliance and the recent
Grand Jury. His speech is, in part, as follows:
Ladies and Gentlemen, Fellow-Citizens:
Standing here to-night, now for the third time the standard bearer
of your rights, put forward as the representative of the body of the
people for the highest office In the city's gift, I bring you
an account of my stewardship and a retrospect of my administration,
as an \u2666arneet of the future, and an argument for your support in
tte costing election.
A grave crisis confronts the people, a situation fraught with im
portant issue*, and with results which may mean thaf peace, the
prosperity and the aflvancement of the city and of Its people, or
thtlr retardation for nanny years.
Not without significance Is the fusion of the old parties, not
without motive and express purpose. The lion does not lie down in
p«*ce *ith the lamb, or the fox in amity with his feathered victim,
unless some almost supernatural Influence intervenes, and in politics
the Republican does not lie down with the Democrat unless there Is
a tupr«me reason for it. And what Is that reason, what Is it that
maVrs the bitt-T partisan forget his factionalism, the avaricious capi
talist untie his purse strings, the employer for the first time leave
Mr counting-room or factory for a turn at the political wheel, and
all the blackmailing newspapers sling their Inky libels? Is it for
the betterment of political conditions in this city? The Democrats J
and Republicans have been In rower and the constant abuse of one
party by the othrr brought forth many unpleasant truths which even
the present coalition cannot conceal, and yet there never was such
a proposed fusion of antagonistic forces. Is it because of ' alleged
graft or dishonesty In the municipal government that these elements
have combined? Why, if there were graft or dishonesty these inter
ests would be absolutely at home. The public eervics corporations
of the town which are actively supporting our adversaries are of
course opposed to Kraft. They hold up their hands In horror at the
suggestion. Poor rate payers and the public know how sincere is
their dread cf awful graft.
Mo Graft Exists in City Hall.
No. my friends, it Is not because of so-called graft in the admin
tstration that the hounds of war have been unleashed. It Is not
because of rpasmodic virtue or chronic morality that all the engines
of libel and slander, of dffamation and of pollution .have been set
In motion. No grrcft has existed or does exist; none has. been found
or discovered after the most microscopical examination by a boughten
press, by a jjrostituted Grand Jury, by hired detectives, by purchased
assassins of reputation and of character. The failure to discover
wrong Is not always a proof that wrong does not exist, but when
the wrong charged involves thousands of people, when tens of thou
sands are supposed to be affected by it, is It not strange that the most
minute investigation has failed to disclose even the. shadow of
foundation for the numerous false and general charges which have
beir. thrown before the public for the past two years? Is it not incon
ceivable that so many outrages shr.uld have been perpetrated Involving
6O many men and non-s brought to light? Is It not incredible that so
much criminality as is charged should exist and none be dragged forth
by the harrow, the ux and the spade with which malice has been
urmed?
No. my friends, again no; nothing has been brought into the
light of day because nothing of this character exists. The opposition
to us on this ground is based on an absolute false issue, deliberately
and maliciously framed to becloud the real Issue and to deceive the
honest but unthinking voter (of which our opponents believe there are
more than in reality exists). It is a false and fictitious Issue fabri
cated for tlie express purpose of diverting the public mind from the
renl issues at stake over which our opponents dare not hope for
victory- It is a false Issue designed to warp the public thought,
a cleverly feigned and cleverly contrived issue which must necessarily
fcppe-al to the public mind and heart, an issue Involving the com
mon honesty of your trusted public servants. The people as a
mass are honest, far more honest than the limited ring of plotters
which put fortti this false issue, and as the people's representative
on the issue of honesty, I am willing to submit to them the fate of
this administration, confident thai their verdict upon the evidence
presented and weighed must, as. the verdict of honest men, be In/
favor of the most henest administration which this city has ever
had. And I «ay this with all due modesty and a thorough knowledge
o€ prevailing conditions. /
Capital and Labor the Issuq of Day.
Now. what Is the real issue T The real issue Is the old one which,
from the beginning" of civilization to this very day, has moved the
force* of the world — the Issue between the toiler and the # man who
buys the product of his ton, or who employs his labor. It* Is the old
economic question of capital and labor carried now into the realm
of politics, because cf the organization of the wage worker, his real
ization of his political individuality and power; his centralization of i
industrial effort. It Is because by organization the workingman has
secured strength and power and influence, because he seeks to merit
and to hold the respect of his fellow man, be he employer or employe,'
*m an American cftizen demanding and hoping to 6ecure equal rights,
that th« rage of battle has be^n flung tnto his face, and that the
political war based on Industrial conditions' is now raging. In other
* words. It Is the struggle or> "the political Held of aggregated, capital
against the lntrenchments of organized and co-operative labor. In
a nutshell it is th- Citizen's Alliance against the common people,
against the man who works for a living. Despise it a* you will lvis
in the ultimate analysis the unfair contest of money against men,'
It 1c the fight of paid anj subsidized . hirelings, weaklings and cor
raptionftt* against the open-hearted, open-soul*d and honest wage
earner — the honest wage earner who.^ because of his fidelity to prin
ciple or friend, is denounced as a criminal, a blackguard and a
graft«r ty the vena.l journalistic instruments of- Herbert- George's
aggression. It is a fight for the lifeblood and the manhood -'of San
Fr&aclaco; It Is a fight for the maintenance of the advancement, the
progresa end the civilization which labor has acquired in the last
few decades; It lc a figlit for securing and preserving the equal rights
and fair play between man and man. Shall we falter, shall we
fail? Xo. a thousand times no. Your ticket, your, whole ticket, my
eelf v well as the others, are but your rr-presentativet. * Our success
is your triumph, our low; If your defeat. To the polls then, on Novem
ber 7. a straight ticket from top to bottom, and an, assured victory is
your*.
But, my friend?, falsehood and calumny are no new things In these
figbu, wben labor s»eks to raise its head. Let us go back a little, let
us consider and reflect.
Four year* ago, our opponents filled the city with their cries
foreboding the evli that wax to fall upon Ean Francisco because the
people — the plain peopl'— had elected one of their number to be the
chief executive of the municipal government. Among the calamity
huwler* there was weeping and walling and gnashing of teeth; with
the telescopic eyes oi thtir evil Imagination* they foresaw banks
tottering, merchant* ruined, capital withdrawing, commerce destroyed,
lartcrle* closed, soup houses opened, working men begging their
bread, and devastation, v-ist and grim, playing havoc throughout
tU-j length and bn.-a<'.th of the city. Anarchy, they taid. would**
float it* red \u25a0 flag over the dome of the City Hail, and murder and
sudden death would wait at every street corner to fall upon the
unsuspecting pecpb*. Sa picture was too terrible for thin to draw;
no calamity so great that they could net tee it with the jaundiced eyes
of their pretudiecd miJids. Accorling to thexe harbingers of evil, this
wonderful city by the Golden Gate tilled with the strength of \u0084
glorious youth, awakening a* a Samson from hie slumbers to the
immeaae posslbillt!*^ cf its future year*, glorious in the grandeur
of IU present strength, pulsing with ea^er Hie. was to sicken and
decay. «-»d finally to sink into nothingness, its ruins. to mark what
one* It was, and w\ memories to be its only . xiuiem. And the
city was to be thu* destroyed — why? Hecause the common people —
the people who make up the bone and sinew of the commonwealth,
the people who constitute the . State, the people who are the nation,
th« people who are recognized throughout all lands as. the greatest the
world ht« known — because rhe*e people, plain, ordinary. God-fearing 1
men and women, tven'as you and I. had arisn In "their strength,
had shaken off the shackles of capitalistic oppression, had In the face,
of all the united power which corporate wealth can jive, announced
their determination to secure a voice in the government for them
rclves, and in pursuance • f that determination, had organized the
Cnion Labor party and fought such a fight aa the city . had never
known; •« fisht which resulted in a glerious victor}'.
Opponents Are Gasping for Breath.
The shock of that victory was no rreat thai for. a lone- ttm«
our opponents could not recover their breath, so that they might assail
with defamation the caUse they could not Injure by evil forebodings.
You will remember thu.t during the first Union Labor adminis
tration, the mouthpieces of the allied political bosses, who mainly
constitute the opposition, hiid but little fault to find. They had not
then entered fully upon their campaign of slander and vile abuse
which has since distinguished them and which now marks them as
foul instruments for th» destruction of reputations. .
Again, they did not then think that the Union Labor party would
retain its organization, and would continue as a political factor in 'the
battle which must be constantly fought for the maintenance of the
rights of the people against the encroachments of what has been
aptly termed by a pastmaster in the use of epithets— the associated
villainies. But when they found that we had come to stay they
, sent their agents abroad among employer and employe, endeavoring
to atir up industrial strife. No method was so low that they did not
resort to it; no deceit so great and villainous they did not practice it.
Their object was to disrupt the Union Labor party by making union
men appear to be antagonistic to the city's best interests. They are
firm believers in the false and vicious argument— the end Justifies the
means. By all foul means they tried and tried again to place us in
a false position before the people, feeling that if we lost the confidence
of those for whose rights we have fought the fight, the Union Labor
party would pass Into history. But we vexposed their schemes, we
blocked their i'lajb, we upset their machinations, and in the broad
light of day we shewed them for what they are— men who are animated
solely by a desire to prevent the toiling masses from having a positive
voice in the management of the government which without them
could not exist. "WV arc proud to say that we retain the confidence
of the people. After four years we again appear before the citizens,
confident that they will support our ticket at the po^is in November,
because of the justice of our cause, which is thi cause of all the
people. Irrespective of station and regardless of -creed.
To-day, San Francisco is more prosperous than ever before in its
hlFtory. During the four years of my administration, it has made
gigantic strides, in the pathway of progress.- It stands, to-day one
of the great cities of the world, at the threshold of a new era,
destined by Providence to continue to increase in population, in wealth,
in prosperity and in power until it ranks with those mighty munici
palties of the present and of, the past, whose- wonderful- development
Is symbolical of the people that made .them great. *" . , • • , -
I have presented the picture drawn by the opponents of the
Union Labor party four, years ago, when its Mayor assumed office.
Xow, let us consider the state of the city to-day. For the satisfaction
of the opponents of the working, classes, who- always figure prosperity
In dollars and cents. I shall first .refer, to the condition of the banks.
The - aggregate deposits of the twelve savings banks of the city on
August 25, 1904, were $1C3,150,195 03. This year, the aggregate de
posits in th« same banks on the sime date were $177,010,3(53 43. That
bhows an Increase of over $13,000,000 in deposits made In the savings
banks in one year, over a million dollars a month. On May 2i) last,
the .Bank Commissioners also issued, a statement on savings banks.
Their August statement, compared with that of May, shows that
during the three intervening months, the resources of the savings
banks were increased by $2,383,002 15 and the deposits by $3,296,316 82.
New, the savings banks, remember, are different from the national
banks and the .^commercial banks. , The savings of the people are
deposited in the saving", bankc. The workingman, at the end of the
! wttk, or the end of the month, sets aside what he can from his accumu
lated wages,«and deposits it in a savings bank against a rainy day. So
does the small shopkeeper, tht clerk, the school teacher and all the
many people of small means. The condition of a clty.'s savings
bar.ks is the best indication of -the condition of the. city's people.
And the poor people of San Francisco — for your millionaire and capi
talist seldom patronize a savings bank, for the returns are too small
for him — the poor peopie of San Francisco Increased their savings In
bank last year at the average rate of over $1,000,000 a month.
Labor Party Is for Prosperity.
But what has the Union Lnbor party to do with ' that? The
Union Labor party has this to do with It — that by protecting and
maintaining the Interests of the workingmen, by fostering labor
unions, by preventing those conditions existent under a former admin
istration when union men, for asserting their rights, were beaten down
by policemen's clubs; by preventing the disturbance of Industrial peace,
and by insisting that union men shall receive a fair wage for their
work, the Union Labor party has assisted largely in making it
possible for the working people to save any money at all. .And what
is an increase of- f million', dollars *a month for .'the wage earners
of a city of half a million people? 'it is Just 50 cents a week for each
person that goes to m-^ke up our population. Now, 50 cents a week
is not a large amount, but it Is good to know that even wi^h the
red flag Sylng. which Herbert George has floated over the City Hall,
our thrifty, honest sober, hard working people are able to £aye now
even that sum in excess of what they saved a year ago. Bear this
fact also in mmd — that at the end of the four years during which
the city has had a Labor, Union party Mayor, there is more money
In the savings banks than ever before since the first bank opened ita
doors In San Francisco.
Turn now to. the commercial banks, through which the merchants
transact their business.
A newspaper article reads:
"The wealth of San Francisco continues to grow, as indicated by
the Increase of resources of the local banks. The Bank Commissioners
have received the statements of the thirty-five city commercial banks,
shewing their' financial condition- at the close of business August 25,
lt>os. Compared with the former statement of May 29, 1903, the
gain in total resources for the city commercial banks in the past three
months is $15,229,0ti9 20, while the amount due to depositors increased
during the same period $6,105,743 39. This does not Include national
nor savings banks. The large increase in the material wealth of the
city i* especially notable,, because .it covers a season when money Is
In demand for handling the crops of the State."
Here we have an increase in three months of the amount dun
depositors to commercial banks of over $6,000,000. Add that to the
Increase of over $3,000,000 in the savings banks for the same period,
and we have a total increase of over $9,000,0C0 in deposits in our local
banks In three months of this year. The exact figures are $9,402. 0(i0,
over $3,0(.0,0C0 a month. And "all this at a time when it waa known
that the Union Labor party would again have the temerity to go
1 l:eiore , the people "asking their suffrage. Do the figures show, that
j capital is afraid, that merchant* are timid, that factories are to
I be closed, that the city is going to destrucion because a Union Labor
Mayor has been twice elected, and. with the support of the masses
cl the people, will be elected again? I
ClearingH ouse Figures Prove Facts.
And If these figures t« not enough, take up the figures of the
San Francisco, clearing-house. You know the great bulk of commer
cial business is done by check.' But a small percentage of the amounts
i :nvolved In trade are ever handled in actual cash. The ' banks send
| tl.eir checks and drafts every morning to the clearing-house, and there
they are rwapped around until every bank gets in the orders drawn on
' Itself by exchanging for them orders it holds drawn on other banks.
' The balances are paid daily _in gold, no balance tags, due bills or
j checks being permitted. Hy this system, each day's "clearings" Is
['complete in itself, and no part of It figures in the succeeding day's
I derations. On January 1. 1903, \ last New Year's day, . the Chronicle
\u25a0 l ublished an article shewing the. business. of the San Francisco clear
! luR-hous* for the twelve months ended November 30, : 1904. The total
! was over $1,025.C00,0C0 — that it. $28,000,000 more than one "and a half
i billions, an increase of $0. 400,000 over the clearances of 1903, and an
< Increase of morr than JISU.COO.OOO over the clearances of 1902,. in
'which year the Union Labor Mayor . assumed office. Her* are the
! figures:* In 1902. the first year of a Union Labor administration, the
i clearances amounted to $1,342,927,000,^ the largest amount handled In
i ar.y one year in the San Francisco clearance-house, since it's orsaniza
! tlcn up to that time. In 1903,. the second Union Labor year, the
j clearances were Increased by $ISO,COO,COO, the total being $1. ".•-'_>, ooo, ooo.
• This result showed that during my second year in the Mayor's chair,
j the city's commercial business had increased by nearly $.'00, 000. 000,
land the totals wen. again the greatest ; on record. For thi. 1 . twel%-e
• months commencing; wtth lifctmbfr, 1903, and ending with November,
ilfiOt — - 1 again quote the Chronicle 'figures— the" clearances amounted to
$1,525,000, 000, again an incrcase,over the preceding year. The largest
j monthly total on record up to that time was for November, 1904,. when
I the amount cleared was $142,675,000. \u25a0 So much for the three- years
imm«rtia)t.lv following the election of a Union" Labor Ifavor. Do 'these
V .\u25a0"'..\u25a0 > '
THE SAN \u25a0 FRANCISCO CAUL, THURSDAY, i OCTOBER 12, 1905.
COURT'S MANDATE
STARTLES "GANG"
Election Commissioners
Directed to "Show 1 !
Public Papers; •
CHARGE WIDE PERJURY
Fusionists Allege Many
False Affidavits Are
on File.
MEANS CLEAN ELECTION
The . ranks of the Ruefltes were
thrown into "confusion late yesterday
afternoon by an order of Judge Sloss
that will compel the Election Commis
sioners to show cause next Monday
why they shall not allow the inspection
of the list of applicants for positions
as election officers. In the event of
failure to give sufficient reason the
writ of mandate directs that the Elec
tion Commissioners shall give to the
public servants the right to view the
public records. , •
The petition of the Republican
League alleges > that out of 1400
applicants over one-half have filed false
affidavits regarding their fitness to
serve as election officers. \u25a0 All kinds of
false* assertions will be found to exist
as the fusionists run the probe through
the affidavits. •
The writ is the outcome of the peti
tion filed, liy the league, which was in
turn the outgrowth of a refusal by the
Election Commissioners to grant a re
quest for a list' of the applicants so
that its verity might be established to
the satisfaction of those favoring clean
politics. The request was naturally
refused by the Commissioners, who un
doubtedly are aware of the many mis
takes" that exist in the affidavits
The text of the petition and writ fol
lows:
Perry H. Newberry. petitioner, versus
James A. Devoto, Blmore C. Lcfflngwell.
Thomas McGulre and A., W. Vooww«e£ <»££
prising and constituting: the Board of Uectlon
Commissioners of. in and q for the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
re TT P hh O a\ dt s n ard. applications are Kept °n file by
said respondents in the otaealnth»Oty
Hall in said city and county of °an Fran
cisco- that petitioner Is informed and believes
and thtirofore represents that respondents have
now on pie as aforesaid . a Marge number, to
wit: over 1400 of such applications, all . July
verifltd. and that respondents wlir make or
have made nearly all their appointments as
such election ofneers for said municipal elec
tion from the list of said applications on file,
or that may be on file aa aforesaid at the
time such appointments are made.
Petitioner ; represents upon Information ana
belief that a large number, to wit: over one- i
half of said applications-jjow on file as afore
said contain false statements as to material
matters and particularly in this, to wit:
FALSE STATEMENTS MADE.
First— That applicants whose nameel do not
appear upon the last assessment roll of said
city and county of San Francisco - have stated
and sworn In their said applications that
their respective names do so appear upon eald
assessment roll.
Second — That applicants who dd not belong
to the Republican party have stated and sworn
In their said applications that they do belong
to the Republican party. .
Trlrd — That /applicants who do not belong
to the Democratic party have stated and sworn
In their said applications that they do belong
to the Democratic party.
That the two political parties which, respect
ively cast the highest and next highest num
ber of votes for Governor at the. last gemral
election were the Republican and Democratic
parties.
Petitioner further represents upon informa
tion and belief that a large number, to wit:
over one-half of the applicants whose applica
tions are on file as aforesaid for positions as
said election officers do not possess all the
qualifications required by law. for such elec
tion officers; that respondents have at all of
the times aforesaid relied and do now and
will henceforth continue to, rely upon the state
ments contained in said applications as being
true and will appoint or have appointed a ,
large number of persons as .such election of-
figures Indicate stagnation In business or a paralysis of traae? But
now.l«t us look at the figures for this year, commencing last January,
to and including last month. September. During seven of the nine
months of this year the monthly clearances in this city exceeded
by many millions the total for November, 1904, the banner month In
the history of the clearance-house. In August last the clearances
amounted to ever $162,000,000. a clear gain ot ,$20,000,000 over the
record established in November, 1904. Those figures show something!
for' the Increased prosperity of San Francisco, and are . arguments in I
themselves unanswerable when presented In refutation of the mail- I
ciously false statements that the success of the Union Labor party i
would put San Francisco back ten or twenty years. But even with!
the increase of over 520, 000, 000 in ' excess of ; the record for 1904, the ;
business of the city continued to flourish, for the clearances for last,
month— September, 1905— amounted to ' the \u25a0' stupendous total of $IG.J.- j
249.C06. On the eve of this campaign, at a time when political con- |
ventions were in session, during the very days that the opposition
press was howling again the direful cries of calamity should the
Union Labor party win at the polls, the business of the city, as shown
by the returns of the clearing-house, was absolutely' the greatest San
Francisco has/ever known. For the nine months'" of ; this year, ending
w'.th September, the amount cleared at the clearing-house was 51,329,-,
V 000,787.V 000,787. >• • - '\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 - ' :': ' "'-\u25a0:'. " ':'" ~J'-~.. '
Now it Is fair to presume that the , business*"f or. this month
and for November and December next will equal the business for the
last quarter of last year. Present indications are that- 1\ will greatly
exceed the figures- for the corresponding quarter 'of last year. But!
want to be absolutely fair, and so I have added to the totals for" the
past nine months of this year the totals .for October, November and
December, IUO4. The aggregate for the twelve months is $1,763,000,000,
which is over $220,000,000 In excess of the. clearances .for 1904, and is
beyond all calculation the banner recorder the city. "And yet this
Is the fourth year of a Union Labor; administration. In 1904, San
Francisco held the , seventh place among; the \u25a0 great : business "cities of
the United States— New . York. Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia,.; St.
Louis and Pittbburg preceding It. -At the rate at which we are moving,
another Union Labor administration ' will put San Francisco ahead of
Pittsburg, and give us the sixth place among ' the " greatest cities of
the 'country. « ' *'>\u25a0*;.*- ' V
City's Progress Clearly Demonstrated.
' - I might continue 'for hours piling fact on to ; demonstrat«
the progress of the city during the past four years." ' But enough' has*
been' shown to prove : beyond contradiction — first,,, that* the city 'i»
j to-day more prosperous than ever -before in Its history; second," that
| this prosperity has flourished and is flourlihlng to-day with a cerUlnty
of even greater 'glory— under the administration ' of a Union Labor
Mayor. We do not claim ; for crganUed . labor all the . honor and
the glory for the success ' that has come - upon San Francisco. Many
j conditions combine to ' rnake^ a city great/: but none is : more Important
' than the maintenance cf industrial peace. And that industrial peace
Pis one of the blessings for which . the people of |the city . fhould: ; b4
I thankful, is due more directly Ito the united .efforts of the labor,
\ unions than to any other factor, in the city's growth. The Union Labor
i party and its nominees have been vilified; maligned* and abused "i to
i the utmost. ' The recesses : of the \u25a0• language , have' been \u25a0 searched to. find
' new adjectives to hurl" at' them.' .The. Citizens' : aided .and
• abetted by the combined political, bosses, have engaged and are now.
j engaged in an active campaign In -which; lies, and • foul slander -form.;
! the only ammunition used. Daily, souls ithat cringe, and , plot. ,
! they .' manufacture new ' lit*. ' They even ' manufactured : and' controlled \u25a0
a \u25a0 Grand Jury, which waa conducted as' a , political bureau, and ; had '
lor its main object, aslue from the illegal expenditure of public money,':
the vilification of the ' Mayor because he • is 'a. Union ' Labor Mayor.
But'these grand Jurors, who prostituted' their public office to politl-'
cal I purposes, were not able to find a single fact upon which they could
honestly base . an accusation against the Mayor. When one has been
fleers for 6ald .municipal election who -.have
not all the qualifications required by law, for
such ' election officers, but who will never
theless act as such election officers unless the
relief hereinafter prayed for be granted to
petitioner. .. , \u25a0 \u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0. A}.' , • \u25a0
,- Sixth— That said applications on file In the
office of * respondents as aforesaid are public
matters and matters in which the whole public
is Interested and are public records. ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0
— That ! petitioner has demanded of
respondents that he . be permitted to Inspect
and copy said applications in order that he may
discover; and ascertain, upon subsequent •"In
quiry, and .Investigation, whether the state
ments made in said applications are true and
whether, after such inquiry and investigation,
i said applicants possess the qualifications- re
quired- by .law for election • officers : for said
I municipal election and In order that, 1£ pe
titioner should- so discover and ascertain that
said applicants or any of them do not possess
: all the. qualifications required by law- for such
' election officers, the , petitioner might \ report
such Information, to respondents and, . If re
spondents persisted in such appointments, .take
legal, proceedings to prevent such appointees
not possessing the necessary qualifications from
serving as. such election officers; that at the ,
time of; said demand petitioner stated to re
spondents that petitioner was informed and
believed that a large number of said ap
plicants whose - applications were then on file
as aforesaid did not possess the qualifications
required by law for such election officers, but
that respondents then and there refused, ever
! since said demand have refused and do now
refuse to permit petitioner to inspect or copy
said applications or any of them, for said or
for, any purpose or at all. ;-•:;\u25a0
MAY BAR INVESTIGATION.
Eighth — That, as petitioner believes, respond
i ents will not announce the names of such elec
j tion officers appointed or to be appointed for
said municipal election until respondents are
by law .required to publish such appointments,
which Is to wit: One week before said munic
ipal election, that is to say, one week before
the 7th day of November, 1905. and that tha
time between the announcement of said ap
pointments and said municipal election wlllcbe
so short that petitioner will not be able thor
oughly to Investigate and ascertain whether or
not all of such appointees possesses all the
qualifications required of them by law and
thereafter to obtain legal relief which will pre
vent such appointees not possessing such quali
fications from serving as such election officers.
Ninth — That petitioner has no claim, speedy,
or adequate remedy in the ordinary, course of
law whereby he may obtain an Inspection or
copy of said application for such election offt
c«r3 now on file as aforesaid or that may now
or hereafter be in the possession or under the
control of respondents.
Wherefore we pray that an alternative writ
of mandate issue directed to the respondents
and commanding them to permit the petitioner
to inspect and copy, such applications for elec
tion officers as they may now or hereafter have
in their possession or under their control; or
show cause why they have not done so. and the
•petitioner further prays the costs of the suit.
Orfl^T— Upon reading and filing the applica
tion and affidavit of the petitioner above
named for a writ of mandate dtrected to the
respondents above namfd, and good cause ap
pearing therefore. It is ordered that an alterna
tive writ of mandate issue as therein prayed
for. returnable on the 16th day of October,
1905, before department No. 8 of the Superior
Court of the State of California In and for
the city and county of San Francisco on the
opening of court on said Cay. Dated October
11, 1005. M. C. Sloss, Judge of said Superior
Court. . * - _^^
BESERVES HIS DECISION *IN
ILLEGAL REGISTRATION CASE
Police Judge Frits Promptly Cheeks aa
Attorney for Declaiming Agnlniit
the Citizens' Alliance.
The preliminary examination of^
Harry jD. Gilbert, the colored barber,
charged by the Republican League with
illegal registration, was concluded be
fore Police : Judge Fritz yesterday
morning. After hearing the arguments
of Attorney Dam, special prosecutor,
and Attorney Mack, for the . defense,
the Judge resecyed his decision till Oc
tober 16.
Attorney Mack argued that there had
been no Intent to commit a crime and
contended it had been shown by the'
witnesses for the prosecution that Gil
bert had „ applied at the information
bureau at the Registrar's office and had
acted upon the information received
there. If any crime had been com
mitted it had been unintentional on Gil
bert's part. He was declaiming that
Gilbert was being persecuted by the
Citizens' Alliance, w;hen the Judge
stopped him, remarking that the alli
ance was not in the case and that there
was no need of making any grand stand
play. - , ... \u25a0 - ..
;: Attorney Dam said he was' sorry for
the defendant, as he believed the fault !
lay with the" information bureau, but
at the same time the defendant could
not plead ignorance of the law.
subjected to the severest scrutiny by his political and personal enemies
and his every act, public or private, has. been Inquired Into and tljen
maliciously misinterpreted; when his whole life has been laid bara
by those who are eagerl> seeking for a something to prove his unworth.
and he comes out from such an ordeal unharmed because nothing coyld
be found against him. he may be pardoned for thinking that the
abuse of his enemies was,a compliment to his own integrity, for had
they any facts — knd If they existed they would have had them — general
abuse would give way to direct charges and there would be something
to answer. ..Political condition* in this city to-day are simply the nat
ural outcome of the contest between the two opposing elements. On
the one side is thf Citizens' Alliance, headed by Herbert George,
Gavin McNab, Fairfax -Wheelan and Frank J. Symmes, and on the
other side the workingmen of the city and all those free-minded. Inde
pendent citizens . who believe in fair play with equal rights to all
and special privileges for none. There can be no doubt of the outcome.
; The masses of the people arc' with us In this fight. They cannot be
deceived. They know that Herbert George has openly boasted in hla
Denver paper that the Citizens' Alliance won the Republican primaries.
The people know that behind the fusion ticket are all these forces
that are i antagonistic to Individual, development, to the exercise of
a tree franchise, to the payment of a fair 'day's wage for a fair day's* j
work, and to the participation ot workingmen in politics. Tne people )
know that on our side we are fighting for a principle. On the other
side there is simply an organized appetite for public office, and the
ravenous leaders are already quarreling over a division of the spoils.
This Is a government of the reople, for the people and by the people.
The people as a whole never go wrong; the people as a whole are honest
and sincere. For this reason in ' this j campaign, as in the last two
campaigns, we depend for success, not as do our opponents, on the
i expenditure of vast sums of money, cbtalned from corporations nor on
untrue accusations In falsifying newspapers, . but on the honest Judg- I
ment' of the people themselves. They . know that our cause Is their i
cause and that our cause U Just. . "VVlia them and with you we leave
the verdict. "''
Thomas Egan opened the meeting and introduced Chair
man George B. Benham. In f urn the candidates were
marched to the front of the platform and introduced to the
audience, fames L. Gallagher, P. H/ McCarthy and Maior
:CW. Kyle spoke, at length. , The Pierce Quintot sane
Its campaign-. 'songs and a quartet gave a very clever «.
.hibltion of Gaelic dancing. During the midst of the meet
ing- the Schmitz Union Club, with' drums beating entered
the building. Their white costumes and red torfhes mlde
a* pretty picture. «uu.u«
On the platform of the theater sat the candidates on
the Union Labor party ticket. Baok of them sat the Noo
yice presidents of the meeting, representatives of various
labor organizations. Prominent members of the audience
were several school teachers of the city, who applauded
• vigorously at the end of overy speech. The red Schmitz
button predominated, everywhere, yet proudly In their
midst flared the blue button of John S. Partridge. ~
f >;. In .-spite of the assurance of Mayor Schmitz that he was
not advocating the pitting of: labor against capital In Ibis
!! a nX*Jrith V « y i?h speak « r stated Mainly that thiaVa!
a^fight with wealth on one side and the workingmen on the
other/ They insisted on the bugaboo that thi T election of
the fusion ticket, will mean the shortening of the hour, a^
the reduction jof the wages of the^ worldSgman. t he disruo
h homea » nd the casting of families of the peon" on
Ahe highways, to starve or slave for the rich. In his onen"
•Ing; speech Thomas Egandeclared that this wal'a fl- ht ?o
see whether "the people of this city are to be free men and
women or slaves,' men ana
DISTRICTS LINE
UP FOR BATTLE
Fusion , Organizations Com
pleted in Nearly Every
Section of This City
LABOR LEAGUE FORM!
Prominent Workingmen Get
Together and Establish
Permanent Headquarters
Organization meetings of the Fusion j
party in the several districts of the city!
is steadily going on and now all but thej
Thirty-first and Thirty-eighth districts,
have established headquarters and are,
busily promoting the fight, precinct by;
precinct. The two districts named have,
effected organization but have difficulty;
in securing halls. j
The John S. Partridge Labor League ,
has been organized and has established'
headquarters at 3 Eddy street. The mem- ;
bership in the league comprises promi- j
nent labor men who disavow the actions
of; so-called labor leaders of the Mc-
Carthy-Tveitmoe Ilk.
The Fusion managers take occasion to j
warn the merchants and tradesmen of j
the city against bogus solicitors who are;
working In. the wholesale districts and the j
water front securing contributions in thej
name of the Fusion campaign commit- j
tee. The men of the committee are j
supplied with Fusion campaign commit- j
tee passbooks containing the signature j
of Louis Sloss, treasurer of the commit
tee.
The vigilance of the Republican League |
watchers in the Registrar's office has j
been amply repaid by the withdrawal of .
the affidavits of four men who wished to j
serve as election officers. The appoint- j
ments of the men were canceled as it \
was found that they had changed their j
residence since October 7.
.Two district Partridge rallies will be I
held to-morrow night in the central sec- i
tion of the city, when the organizations j
of the Twenty-ninth and Forty-second
districts will start the campaign in their j
respective districts. The Twenty-ninth j
District will hold forth at Pioneer Hall. ;
while the Forty-second's speakers will :
be heard In conjunction with prominent
Fusion candidate speakers at Native;
Sons' Hall. On Monday night the Thirty
seventh District will hold its first Part-;
ridge rally at Phelps Hall. 319 Devisa-j
dero street, while, on Tuesday night the
Thirty-sixth District will fall in line at J
Harmony Hall. -1,. ->\u0084, j
The organization committee of the Thir- j
ty-third District met last night at its ,
headquarters at 3291 Mission street. John
T Pidwell presiding and Charles Hand
acting as secretary. A list of names
submitted for Republican and Demo
cratic election officers was discussed and
permanent appointments will soon be
made. Two years ago the. district gave
Schmitz five hundred ™°"» -.T?^? th *"
Crocker and Lane combined,- but tne
prediction is made that the^lstrict will
at least break even with the**uef forces
The organization of the .JEggf *?«*
District was continued last extent at -la
Kearny street. John Lackmann acting as
chairman and S. H. ******"*s*"
secretary. A list of names for election
officers of both great parties was consid
ered and appointments therefrom will be
Sde"wo?Jers in the district point o
tte Crocker-Lane majority over 3chm
of 700 votes two years ago and predict
that the figures will be Increased.
NEW -YORK. Oct. 11.— The officials of the
Church Federation that is planning to hold
rn^tmes in this city next month have decided
S delude all members of the Unitarian faith.
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 11. — Immigration of
ficers have discovered that Japanese are belny
smuggled Into the United States as cooks on
American vessels coming from the Orient.
Three Japanese escaped from the steamer Tte
mont yesterday, but were returned by tha Jap
anese Chancellor.
KANNGIESSER
GOES TO JAIL
Judge de Haven Sentences
Postal Thief to Eight
Years in Penitentiary
PLEA AVAILS NOTHING
Postollice Inspector Jame3
O'Connell Says This Will
Keep Other Clerks Honest
To plead guilty In tha United States
District Court of any crime Is to go v?
like a lamb against the slaughter. For
mer Poatofflce Clerk Emll Kanngiesser
13 the latest Illustration of this action.
He pleaded- guilty to an Indictment accus
ing him of having stolen various sums of
money out of letters intrusted to his
charge, and he and his friends expected
that a year or two la the penitentiary
would be about the size of the' dose of
correction to be administered by Dr. d» •
Haven. But to their surprise, he got a
sentence of eight years imprisonment at
hard labor in the penitentiary at San
Quentin, a fine of $100. and thirty days
Imprisonment ' in the County Jail at the
close of the penitentiary sentence.
Congressman Kahn, before sentence
bad been pronounced, made a moving ap
peal for leniency. He called the atten
tion of the court to the previous good
reputation of Kanngiesser during his
seven years of employment in the post
office, and expressed the hope that in
consideration of that fact and the fur
ther fact that his client had saved tha
Government the expense of a trial, tha
court would make the sentence as lighc
as it possibly could. Bert Schlesinger
added his plea for mercy to that of the
i Congressman. Judge de Haven appeared
' to be moved by the appeals of the elo
! quent gentlemen. He remarked in a ju
i dicially didactic tone that the defendant
j had pleaded guilty to the whole indict-
I ment, that the indictment contained ten
! counts, that the maximum penalty on
| each of two of the couat3 was one year
: and the minimum penalty on each of the
[ eight counts was one year. He had,
! therefore, no discretion, except to Impose
1 sentence on each of the counts and he
; would Impose the minimum which wad
: eight years on eight counts and thirty
j days on the two counts, together with a
• fine of $100. A stay of ten days' execu
j tien was granted.
1 Postofflce Inspector James O'Connell
I was well pleased with the aenteu-je. auii
j said that It would have the effect of do
| terring other clerks from stealing from
i letters.
! For fourteen months during 1004 and the
I early part of 1305 complaints had been
frequent that letters containing money
had never reached their destination. The
toal amount of losses aggregated $2200.
On February D of this y«ar Inspector
O'Connell secreted himself in the ferry
postofflce, where Kanngiesser was em
ployed as special delivery clerk and saw
j him open ten letters and place the money
in his pockets. The Inspector at one©
arrested him and found the money and
fragments of the letters on his person.
Kannglesser's sentence Is heavier than
that imposed upon Walter N. Dimmick.
convicted of stealing $30,000 form th«
United States Mint.
OBJECTS TO ORDIXAXCE.— E. P. Troy
yesterday filed an Individual expression oj
opinion with the Supervisors against th* pas
sage of the proposed ordinance submitted by
the Merchants' Association and the United
Railroads limiting the speed of street cars to>
ten. twelve and Bfteen miles In certain desig
nated districts. Troy objecta to the ape«<l
limit being so high on the ground that tha
recent accidents on street cars whereby lives
were lost were due to the speed of the cars
being too great. *
You will find the Bitters
especially valuable when the
appetite is poor and the bowels
costive. A dose before meals
\u25a0
will convince you that it is the
only medicine you need. In
cases of Heartburn, Bloat-
ing, Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Female Troubles
op Malaria, Fever and
tAgue it is also very effective.
Worry wont euro a cough. "When
you find a cough holding on —
when everything else h^s failed—
I . try
Cure Knic uns
It is . guaranteed to core. If it
doesn't, -we'll refund your money.
Prices: S. C. TVexas & Co. 4
2Sc^ 53c $V LcXoy. N.Y., Toronto. Can.
lejmnrflSl CURE SICK HEADACHE.^
OrrriE Genuine Must Bear
IIVER Fac-Simile SignatureTHINK KELLEY
IS INNOCENT
OF MURDER
Frank Woods' Confession on
Scaffold Likely to Lead to
Freedom of a Prisoner
Serving a Life Sentence
WORKS IX STEIPES
FOE THIRTEEN YEARS
Belief Grows That Convict
Is Wearing His Life Away
for Another's Crime and
There Is Hope of Release
The confession of Frank "Woods, who
\u25a0<vas hang-ed at Ban Quentin last Friday
for the murder of Policeman Robinson.
that it was he who stabbed Michael
Klnney to death in Fresno in 1891, is
regarded as almost conclusive proof
that Thomas Washoe Kelley, who was
convicted of the crime, is innocently
serving a life term in the penitentiary,
find that he Is the victim of a cruel
rslscarrlas* of Justice. Kelley has al
ready spent over thirteen years In
prison, and efforts are to be made » at
once to secure his release.
Charles Montgomery, president of the
California Prison Commission, believes
Kelley Is Innocent, and his belief Is
ebared by Under Sheriff Hensley of Ma
dera, who was Sheriff at Fresno when
Kelley was convicted. TV. D. Tupper and
H. H. Welsh, who prosecuted Kelley,
believe fee should be pardoned.
While It Is recognized that Woods
might have been actuated by the code
of heroics of criminals to help get a
pardon for Kelley, there were so many
doubtful circumstances connected with
the evidence adduced at the trial that
very 6trong probability Is given to the
confession made In the shadow of the
g-allows. The opinion is strong that
Kelley should at least be given the
benefit of the doubts that have now
been made hundredfold stronger, and
for the most part the belief is strong
in his innocence.
Walter D. Tupper of Fresno, who was
the District* Attorney that prosecuted
Kelley, will urge upon Governor Par
dee that the convict be given his free
dom. "I remember the case very well,"
says Mr. Tupper, "for it -was a peculiar
one. The defendant interrupted me in
the course of my address, claiming that
he had had no chance to produce wit
nesses. There w:is a doubt in my mind.
at least in regard to his deserving to
be hansred. and I virtually advised the
not to bring in a hanging verdict."
PAROLE ALMOST CERTAIN.
The attorney says that before me
Woods confession lie had recommended
that Kelley be paroled, but he will now
ask that Governor Parde« make an In
vestigation of the case looking toward
A pardon of the convict. , • \u25a0
The principal testimony against Kel
ley was that of Thomas Mitchell, the
bartender in the saloon where the
killing occurred. He testiiied that
when he ran to the backyard where
the assassin had lain in wait the dying
jflan gasped, "the one-armed man did
It." Kelley has only one arm, and this
B«?emed to clinch the case against him.
But the strange feature is that several
weeks elaDsed before Mitchell made
known" this evidence. At the time of
the murder and at the coroner's Inquest
the bartender asserted that he had
heard nothing from the dying man.
The morning after the murder Kelley
walked into the Sheriff's office and
made the following statement:
"I heard this morning that the officers
are looking for me, and I thought 1 would
come in and Eec what is wanted. I am
told, that I am accused of killing a man
<ast night. I didn't do it and I don't
Know anything about it. When I left
tlie saloon I went out to a tree and slept
there till morning. When I came in
they told rue what' had happened and I
thought I would come In and surrender.
My name Is Thomas Washoe Kelley."
kelley was a typical tramp. He de
clared to the last that he was innoceot.
In the course of his address to the
jury District Attorney Tupper adverted
to the fact that if Kelley knew of wit
nesses who could have shown that he was
innocent he should have had them in
court. This aroused the prisoner, who
said:
"I had no chance to get my witnesses.
I was put in jail, and for six days I sent
continually for the Sheriff, and he would
not come. My witnesses left and I could
not get them. I have been given no
chance."
"Didn't you have an attorney?" asked
Mr. Tupper.
•"No," replied Kelley, "I had no lawyer
until lons after."
. Then Tupper said to the jury:
"It is no pleasure for me to prosecute
"this prisoner who sits here crying. If
be is Innocent I would rather have my
arm cut off than see him convicted. See
that he eets Justice."
Woods' confession came fourteen years
and lour days after Michael Kinney, the
man with the cork log, was killed. Kel
tey-WM taken to prison on January 5,
"1522 " '-''\u25a0\u25a0' * -"- ' '
STOnY OF THE MURDER.
Tlie^nlght of the murder Michael Kin
ney, a- young Irishman with a cork leg,
amis with six or seven disreputable men.
EXCLUSIVE
CARPETS
We control many
desirable makes
through our mills in
the East and our New-
York establishment.
Our carpets are
strikingly individual
in patterns and col-
orings. & & & &
SLOAN E'S
114-122 Post Street
HANCOCK SCHOOL SWIMMING
CLUB TAKES FIRST PLUNGE
A.rmy of Youngsters Dips: in Gool : Salt Water
KNIFE FIGURES
IN THE FIGHT
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
VALLEJO, Oct. 11.— Another mysterious
cutting affray occurred here to-day. Su
perintendent William Mann of the Pacific
States Telegraph and Telephone Com
pany'who is here on a tour of inspection,
J. W. Swearinger, local manager of the
telephone company and Bert Dunphy, son
of a well known family, are mixed up in
the affair. Dunphy is under arrest al
though no charge has been placed against
him.
Mann was standing on the street, sharp
ening a lead pencil, when Dunphy, who
was released from an insane asylum some
time ago approached, and with an oath
demanded his wages for work performed
for the company. Mann replied that the
remittance from the liead office had not
arrived and that Dunphy could not get
his money until to-morrow. Dunphy then
struck Mann twice. Mar.n says that he
attempted, to close the Made_ of the-;>en
knife which he was using and cut his
hand. Manager Swearinger. who was
standing near by rushed to Mann's as
sistance. In the mix-up that followed
Dunphy received a slash on the left side
of his head and a gash more than a foot
leng on his right arm. The arteries in
the arm were severed and tie nearly bled
to death. Swearinger was cut in the
hand also. Dunpliy claims that Mann
used the knife on him. while Swearinger
and Mann says Dunphy drew a knife and
that he wounded himself in attempting
to get at ihem. Dunnhy became violent
after his arrest and said that if he had
a revolver ne would kill himself. • \
one with one arm off, drinking on the
night of October 2, li9l. They went into
Tom Burditks saloon*; then on Frout
stie«3t, between Tulare and Mariposa
streets, where Thomas M. Mitchell was
bartender. The sang seemed to turn on
Kinney and roughly handled him.
Mitchell <irew his revolver and ordered
me men out of the house. All of them
left except Kinney. Later Kinney step
ped to the bacK iloor when suddenly he
was struck with a knife by some one
Mitchell said he could not see.
The present whereabouts of Bartender
Mitchell i« unknown.
SAN QUENTIN, Oct. 11.— Kelley came
here on January G, 1592, and has been
a model prisoner and has faithfully
performed all the duties imposed upon
him. For the last three years he has
had charge of crazy alley. Captain
Harrison says that Kelley was un
doubtedly railroaded here for want of
proper defense and believes him to be
innocent. Many other's employed ex
pressed themselves in the same manner.
Kelley was seen this evening and, in
response to questions put regarding his
alleged crime, said:
I »m the victim of the perjured evidence
of a barkeeper named Mitchell, employed at
that time In th« Circle Bar Ealoon In Fresno,
and the authorities who wanted to fasten the
crime on some one. If they had acted 1 accord
ing t» Justic-e they would have aided me, in
stead of refuging to detain my companions of
that evening as witnesses and keeping me
confined five days, preventing me from any
communication wlt'i the outside. I am a na
tive of England. 38 years of age.
I was in this State a year prior to theJdllinK
of Kinney and have made a living prape-plck
ins an<i other similar work. I* have never
had any trouble ot any kind and the Fresno
Jail was the first jail I ever was in. In com
pany with several grape-pickers from Baktrs
fleld I went to Fresno during fair week, ex
pecting to secure work aa a sheep herder. We
wtnt around to the dlfftrent saloons drinking
and on the morning of the murder I met Kenny
for the flret time. I was at the Circle liar.
There were about thirty there. We had a
couple or drinks and left, as tlure was trouble
tn the back yard, and went to Ralston's sa
loon. We were there ten minutes when we
heard that Kinney wat killed.
The next morning when I heard that I was
chargfd -with the crime I went to the Sheriff 'a
office and told him that I heard that I was
accused of the murder, declaring- my.;elf In
nocent. I aeked him to detain my companions
of the previous evening and I would prove my
Innocence by them. Ho failed to do so. and
1 have not r-een them since. I understand that
some of them were In San Francisco recently
and stated that rhcy left town because they
were afraid that they would be implicated on
general principles.
My lawyers. Hood and Edwards, appointed
by the court, advised me not to go on the
Et&nd In my own defense, and I had no wit-
lietsses in my behalf. I wanted my attorneys
to take the case to the Supreme Court, but
they refund, as I had no money. A poor
unfortunate who is in bad company has little
Justice In the hands of some of the Judicial
officers of this State, as their main idea is a
convlcition, no matter who It is.~
Mitchell, the chief prosecuting witness for
identlncatt<£| rested his opinion upon a coat I
wor*», whlcn* he said had blood on it. The
coat wai taken from me after my arrest and
examined carefully for blood stains by the
Sheriff and District Attorney. None were
found.
The coat was missing and was not producad
in evidence during the trial. TTi£ confession
of Frank Woods has Riven .me hop*. 1 feel
confident that If my case Is thoroughly and
etrictly investigated and the lindinss are prop
erly laid before the Governor he will grant
the release of an Innocent man. punished for
another man's crime. I have handed all pa
pers relating to my case to Charles Montgom
ery, president of the California Prison Com
mission, who has become Interested In my case
elnce hearing the confession •of Woods. Among
the papers are statements from W. D. Tupper
and 11. H. Welsh, the District Attorney and
his assistant that prosecuted me, stating that
I had been sufficiently punished and. that I
ought to bo pardoned. There is also an affi
davit from Sheriff Hensley. now Under Sheriff
of Madera. stating that since the trial he has
Information which causes him to -believe me
rot guilty, and that. the- complaining witness,
Mitchell, had perjured himself. George Moore,
the tb*n Jailer, who was living at 87« Ellis
street. Is. another party who .believes In my
Innocence. .:.'Y-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1 1. — Robert Bacon .of
New York to-day toolc the oath of office and
qualified as Assistant Secretary of State and
Francis B. Loomls vacated that office.-- ;-/
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY 12; 4905.
SCHOOL CHILDREN E&JOYING A
PLUNGE -AT THE LURLINE
BATHS.
The first Grammar School Swimming
Club had a dip in the Liirline Baths yes
terday afternoon. Over 180 healthy boys,
ranging In age from 8 to 14 years, had
the time of their lives In the cool salt
water. Principal A. M. Armstrong of the
Hancock Grammar- School was the first
to adopt School Director Rbncovieri's idea
of establishing swimming clubs In all the
public schools and his boys • reaped the
benefit yesterday. The idea has proven a
success and in time, will be taken up by
every school principal.
The boys themselves deserve much of
the credit. -Principal .Armstrong intro
duced the preposition to them when the
weather was good and warm:'
"Do we want to go in s^immin'?" said
the boys. "Well we guess. Do we want
a swiramfn 1 club? Sure."
So they met in the school-yard . and
talked it over.. "We've got \u25a0to have a
committee," suggested one of the young
sters, "that's . the way : rown folks do
things." \u25a0 ' ,
"What's a committee?" asked an eight
year-old. • . , : • \u0084 / ' •
"Huh, don't, you knowv.it's a crowd' ot
fellerg that get together and talk things
over. We've got to have -a. committee."
So a committee, one from each class,
was appointed. : Richard; Fontana was
made president and the members went to
work. There wtre some shrewd lads on
that committee, for they arranged to get
uniform bathing 'suits at" a wonderfully
cheap rate. \u25a0 ' •
The. girls heard about it. and started to
organize a swimming: club, too. But they
were . just a little bit slower, or \ their
bathing suits required a little more time
to prepare. They #l:not be ready to
take to ,the water until some time next
week ; \u25a0 ' . . \u25a0
After the management of the LurHne
Baths had had a talk with the boys'- com
mittee, It willingly consented to give. a
special rate. This lent more encourage
ment, to the idea, for President Ronco
vieri declares that if a lucent rate can be
secured at j*iy of the baths the city will
pay for the . swims' after awhile.
The bqys. marched' from the school,
headed by Principal Armstrong and. ; Vice
Principal Madison Babcock. TThey. 'ca r
rier their neat bathing suits over their
arms. They piled through the doors and
before you could turn ' your head they
were out of those^ warm clothes and Into
the bathing suits and splashing; in the
water. ,
The only girl who accompanied the
swimming club was Principal Armstrong's
pretty little daughter,. Isabelle, who
came along as mascot. . The whole club
was in the water within, five minutes,
enjoying life to the fullest. / .
President William , Grcer" Harrison of
the Olympic Club, has. invited the swim
ming club to make, itself at home In the
club's tank on next ' Thursday evening.
After that the members will go to the
Sutro Baths. .
\u25a0 Principal Armstrong is determined that
the swimming club shall be a permanent
thing as far as his school is concerned.
Anybody who could see those merry
youngsters splashing about in the water
would want to encourage it too.
Insnne Pntleni Huns!* Himself.
UKIAH, Oct. 11. — The remains of
Alonzo Sweetland, -a- patient at the
State Hospital, - were found jin some
brush on the asylum grounds _by Dr.
King 1 yesterday. Sweetland had \u25a0 used
strips of cloth to hang himself. He had
been missing about two weeks and
\u25a0searching parties sent out every day
had failed to find trace of him. He was
committed from Sonoma County and
was about 70 years old. -.'
IS NOT GENUINE WITHOUT THE WORD
It is always sold in bottles .
like' this"
The Natural C 3 \u0084 AVOID
Cure for JS EVIITATIONS!
DYSPEPSIA rjHkx —
and Vnich have
STOMACH MjjssHm no'medfcinal
TROUBLES f|il§p P r °F erties -
Standard |£ii3f ™ c S e ™ ine !
Preventative 1S never
GOUT L|||||E syphons
Drink In the Morning and at MetlfV'f;* '
OLD MAN BOWIE
IS STILL ALIVE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OLYMPIA. Oct. 11.— "Ninety" Bowie,
sole survivor of the Alamo, more than 100
years old, but still doing daily labor in a
logging camp, was here yesterday to at
tend' the funeral of . Grand Secretary T.
M. Reed of the Washington Lodge of Ma
sons. Bowie is a Mason and' was raised
within a\u25a0\u25a0 Kentucky lodge . sixty- four
years ago. : '..'\u25a0-• '\u25a0•-\u25a0 ».'•'. '\u25a0
'Bowk's story is that he 'is *a* cousin of
the famous Colonel Bowie and that he
was born in' Kentucky. His prized posses
sion is a hand-made bowie knife of im
mense size which he says the colonel gave
him. Ht' tells of being in -the Alamo In
1836, when Santa Ana and his 1600 Mexi
cans surrounded and butchered 140 Tex
ans and then killed the six who surren
dered on March ij of that year." Bowie
claims to have escaped; through a water
pipe through which he crawled.. He served
in the Mexican war and is still drawing
a pension from the government despite
tht fact that during the Civil War he
fought on the Confederate side/
\u0084 He-drifted up this way about twelve
years ago and applied for work at, the
logging camp _ qf the* Simpson Logging
Company in Mason County, where he has
.been employed ever sine*?..- '-",l-lo, does ' a
man's work everyday and- is- strong and
active-. He said hVwas M> years, old" twelve
years ago. when. -fie arrived there and is
known 'throughout the woods as "Ninety"
Bowie. During: the Spanish ,war-he' tried
to enlist ;but was rejected. "' '
Sel G. : Simpson, owner of the camp and
one of' the best 4 known lumber men of "the
State,' has investigated the old man's
story amj bttlkves.it true. Investigation
through Masonic channels also confirms
Bowie's claims. . To-day in the funeral
line, Bowie walked as briskly' as any of
the others, his hair is thick and has not
a. trace*, of gray.. His slight stoop and a
multitude of -wrinkles in his parchment
like, face alone give evidence of his great
age.
VALLEJO KLKCTKIC
KAILHOAI) IS SOLD
Negotiations Are Conducted
Through a Ba nk in
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
VAL.LEJO, Oct. '-11.— The Vallejo, Bc
nicia and Napa Valley Electric Railroad
has been sold' to -Los Angeles partlesT>re
sumably, but it is said that either the
Santa Fe or the Western Pacific is behind
the 'sale which was made/ through the
American National Bank of Los Angeles.
The interests of Captain John Cross have
been purchased by W. F. Botsford, rep
resenting the unknown capitalists. It is
said that $550,000 was paid for the* line. \u25a0
T. A. Bell of ;Napa, attorney for the
newly incorporated Napa iand rLakeport
Railroad Company states that the road
will be a standard-gauge for electric cars
and will run from a point' on theMarln
County. shore of the bay, thence to Napa
and up through the Pope ; Valley and over
to Lakeport. All of the' capital neces
sary to construct the road,' nearly; $2,000,
000, has been promised by San Francisco,
Oakland and Los Angeles . capitalists.
Rights of way for, nearly the entire dis
tance from Napa to "Lakeport 'have been
either donated or bonded and nearly, $100,
000 worth of stock has been subscribed by
the. people of Lake County. It is prom
ised that the road will 1 be In operation
by January 1, 1907.
UNDER WIUTEIIS STILL HOLD
THE WRECK OF THE ST. PAUL
Attempt Mny Be Made at nn Earlj
:. • ;\u25a0\u25a0 Date-to Save the Fittings"
and Kinging. . ;
EUREKA, Oct. 11.— The wrecked
steamship St. Paul is at last void of all
signs \u25a0! of life. V The- horse which had
been 'left aboard was ; safely landed
Tuesday. .. •'. "'.';'"\u25a0"• -.
The. wreck is still in the hands of the
underwriters. The matter "is at a
standstill as far as Captain Turner is
concerned, .for* heels' awaiting- the re
sult of the underwriters' consideration
bf his report on" the vessel's condition.
An -attempt may ; be. made at an early
dateito save the :'flttlngs and as' much
of the rigglngr; as! impossible.;. To, that
end: Captain Turner says a- vesselrwill
be- dispatched to the : wrec_k- and the
work* of. salvage 'will then" ,bo com
menced. But all that; work' remains in
[ the hands'of the underwriters. , -.A. 'close
\u25a0watch along the shore: is being kept so
as 'to ;_ prevent;. the .many.-. wreckers [that]
have' encamped f along I the " beach • from
boarding the vessel' im search, of loot. ;
Drop* *. Dead 'tn . a '; Cemetery*
> -VALLEJO,VOct. 11— As ho; lifted i the
first shovelful of .dirt that [was to'cover
the": body." of the. late John; G. Alullen.- a
weli-knownipainter.-of San ; Francisco,
whose interment took place; in'; the Ma
sonic I and £ Odd % Fellows*-* Cemetery this
afternoon,'* Aiigusti; McLean,-- for. -nearly
twenty years superintendent -J. of the
burial ground, droppedidead.- It was at
first . thoughts that; the. heat*, had *pros
trated; \u0084M cLean',-, ; : vbut •\u25a0£ an-i examination"
showed t hat ;the man. who had officiated \u25a0
jit?.burials : for/ nearly a quarter ; of Ta'
century /had died at- his post. ."..-" ,; .
BARTLETT GIVES
HIS TESTIMONY
Lieutenant Cominaiuleiv oil
Witness Stand All Day at
_tJie Yoiflig Court-Mart hi I
EVIDENCE IS TECHNICAL
Says l)rain Pipes
to Carry Water From, the
Boilers Were Defective
VALLEJO, Oct. 11.— Lieutenant Com
mander Bartlett occupied the witness
stand all day at the Young court-martial,
and proved a strong witness for the pros
ecution. -He spent the morning laying
the /foundation for his technical tes
timony on engineering and his theory
of the cause of the explosion. In describ
ing the construction of the boilers Bart
lett stated that the- drain pipes, which
were intended to cany the water away
from the boiler?, were . defective and al
lowed the water to run back into the
boiler. This was the most important point
covered in his testimony during the two
hours of the. forenoon session.
The admission of blue prints- showing
the condition of the. boilers on August 4.
190-1, and since the explosion were admit
ted only after, a sharp exchange . between
Judge Advocate West and Judge Clear for
the-tlefense.
The court resassembled in the aft
ernoon in the engine-room of the
ship. • To reach the room it was nec
essary for the members of the court
to pass \ through "death alley," where
the bodies of more than a Kcore
of the victims were found wedged after
the explosion. The terrible work of the
explosion was everywhere in evidence, al
though the ship's canvas had been used
at many places to soften the grimness
of the scene. Lieutenant Commander
Bartlett continued his explanation of the
explosion and prefaced # hls remarks
with a wealth of technical knowledge
that confused the members of the court,
one of whom asked if the board had been
"brought down to this cavern to learn
about boilers generally or just what hap
pened to the boilers of the Bennington."
The brown sheet of boiler B. Bartlett
said, had weakened and gave away un
der continued overpressure until the top
of the boiler sank almost to the middle
of the boiler and the pressure from the
bottom' had been so great that that side
had been forced up until the top and bot
tom "of the boiler met in the center. Ex
cessive pressure was the principal cause
of the explosion, according to Bartlett's
theory. In testing the wing furnaces, it
had. been found that one of the furnaces
was not out of order and that any engi
neer would have gone to 1 sea with it, but
that the other furnace was in bad condi
tion.
CREAiiERV A.\U HOTEL
AUK BL'IiXED TO THE GROt'.VO
One of the Olilcnt nnlhilngrs In Ilum
boldt Count y\;Heeome« Food .
for Flames.
EUREKA. Oct. 11.— Fire destroyed
the Bear River, creamery of J. E. Dowd
last night. A quantity of hay and grain
and a number of horses were also
burned. \
The Dyerville Hotel, the pioneer hos
telry of the county, was burned to the
ground last night and the guests were
forced to leave their baggage and •flee
for. their lives. The hotel property was
iinder lease to the Overland Stage Com
pany, which operates between Scotia
and Willlts. The building was one of
the .oldest in the county and was con
sidered a landmark.. . , '
WASHINGTON. .Oct. 11- — In a driving rain
storm l«;i> members of the Chicago Press Club,
many oT- them accompanied by their wives
and sisters, called at the White Hous* to
day to pay their respects to President Roose
vc!t. The President cordially greeted each of
his callprs.
a^ &* $% "t t fiY*
You possibly agree ;with your cus-
tomers that your sign is a model of how
not ,to have. it. Also, that it hurts you,
hurts your store front and hurts your
street. But the cost of its repainting you
do not care to entail this mojith. You
don't have to. We will take care of
your sign and guarantee tp.ke^p it look-
ing fresher than it has ever looked before.
All you pay us is so much down a month.
This not only relieves you of a large
expense item, but it gives you an oppor-
tunity to keep a tabon our work. :: ::
It compels us to give you our best work-
man^ our finest materials and our cleverest
efForts. Our work would tell on us if we
did not. Gan you ask a better guarantee?
.-;:-\u25a0\u25a0 609. Let one of our men come down
BRUSIE'S TALENT
IS RECOGNIZED
Surety Company Shows Ap
preciation _otV His Ability
by Gh inir Him Fine Post
* - " - 0
MAXAUEirS ASSISTANT
National Puts Author and
Lawyer Into a Position
of Much Responsibility
This year has already become notable
for the many changes made In connection
with the management of surety bom
panies on the Pacific Coast, the most re
cent being in the force of the National
Surety, where Hon. Judson C. Brusle
jjoea as assistant to Manager Frank' L.
Gilbert with headquarters In San Fran
cisco. ...ii-*"?
While Mr. Brusie's Identification with
surety companies has not extended over
a great period, he is nevertheless well
known by virtue of the wonderful suc
cess he has made in the management of
a company- whose business increased from
nothing to nearly a hundred thousand
dollars last "year. )
Sir. Bruale is also known throughout
the United States as the author of
\u25a0'Brown, the Bondsman." This was a
little booklet published by all the surety
companies and consisted of a simple story
told of a farmer who, retiring with a
competency, settled at the county seat
and accommodated all who desired his
services as a bondsman, which resulted
in his subsequent ruin and removal to
the poorhouse. Over ." 50,000 copies of
"Brown, the Bondsman" were Issued and
circulated throughout the United States.
Mr. BruPie is an attorney by profession,
also identified In State politics, having
served thre^ terms in the State Legisla
ture, and having on verious- occasions
stumped the State.
LAItGE ATTENDANCE AT GHA.VD
a LODGE . OF GOOD TEMPLARS
Delcß-nte* TaUe a Ride . Over tbe San
Joae-LoN Gnto* . 1 ntorurlmn
' Electric Railway.
SAX JOSE, Oct. 11.— There was an In
crease in the attendance, at the session
of the Grand Lodge of Good Templars
this morning. Consideration of reports
was resumed. The afternoon session
was devoted .to pleasure and sight
seeing by. the delegates. An excursion
was taken over the San- Jose-Los Gatos
Interurban Electric Railway, stops be
ing made at Campbell. Saratos::. Con
gress Springs and Los Gatos. A basket
lunch v/as served, on, the cars. \u25a0
This evening there"was a public cere
monial of the Order of Butter Workers,
a side degree of the lodge, under the
auspices' of the California Dairy No. 1,
O. B. O. H. B. ,
It was unanimously voted to-day to
become -affiliated ». with the National
Grand . Lodge, which represents all the
organizations of Good Templars in the
United States. The following were
elected delegates to the National Grand
Lodge, which will_ . meet in Chicago:
Colonel John Sobieski of Los Angeles,
Al Johnston of San Francisco. Mrs.
Emma.N. Whitcombof Saiir Francisco,
George D. Kellogg of '-Newcastle,' Theo
dore D. Kanouse of Los Angeles," Rev.
W. S. Kelly of San Jose. W." P. Nether
ton of Santa _Cruz and Mrs. M. L.
Farmer of Vallejo. . -
Governor; Slsrnn Requisition Papers.
SACrvAMKNTO, Oct. U.— Governor
Pardec to-day issued requisition papers
for the return to Providence, R. 1., of
W. O. Gilman and A. L. Rice, wanted
in that city for obtaining money by
false pretenses.. It is alleged they
raised money by means of bogus securi
ties. The nien are under arrest In San
Francisco. ' v-: '.*X*- -':-">:.
NEWLY APPOI>rrED LOCAL AS- 1
SISTANT MANAGER OF THE NA
TIOXAL SURETY COMPANY. "SI
PLAN TO DELIVER
ALVOBD TO MEXICO
Arizona Officials Decide to
\u25baSuit hitler Noted Train
Bobber.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YUMA. Ariz.. Oct. 11.— Bert Alvord.
train robber and outlaw, who wtll com
plete a two-year term at the Territori
al prison on October 26, will be ar
rested at the door of the prison on an
extradition warrant which is In. tho
hands of United States Marshal Dait
iels.. itccordlng to advices received by
the prison authorities. The Arizona,
officials have come to the conclusion
that justice will be meted out to Alvord
quicker in Mexico than on this side of
the line, and, filthough he' is wanted by
the Territory on several charges,"" the
application of the Mexican Govern
ment for his extradition Is receiving
favomble . consideration. It is planned
to deliver him to Mexican officers on
the day of his release. Alvord is want
ed In Sonora for robbing: H. L. Tener
of Magdalena of gold bullion valued
at $6000 and for several other robber
ies and killings. The Arizona officers
say that this troublesome desperado
will be a dead man a. few days after
he is taken across the International
line.
Fire Orntroj-H Two Re* ldeate*.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 11. — The residence,
two barns and several outhouses owned
by J. 11. McComb. near Cupertino, were
totally .destroyed by fire at an early
hour this morning. A valuable span
o % f work horses was also burned. The
oVigin of the fire Is unknown.
The foreman's house, tankhouse and
laundry at the ranch of Mrs. Mary F.
Kennedy on tno Hostet.ter road, near
Berryessa, were destroyed by fire this
morning. The loss Is $2000. A defec
tive chimney in the laundry Is believed
to have caused the fire.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THIEF WORKS
AMONG "CO-EDS"
Women Students at Univer
sity Are the Victims of
Crook in Their Midst
SOPHOMORE LOSES COIN
Gymnasium Locker -of Miss
Levy Is Rifled and Cash
and Bills Are Missing
BERKELEY, Oct. IL— A woman thief
operating among the "co-eds" of the uni
versity, stole $55 yestex-flay from a locker
to Ht-a'rst Hali used by Miss 6. E. Levy,
a member of the soahomore class. The
university polite were notified and de
tectives were put iit work on the case.
!t was learned to-day that a number
of minor, thefts have been committed in
th< ; wamtn'i quarters at the university
since the beginning of the term, but tho
eUaling of Miss Levy's money capped
the climax and stirred the authorities to
a declaration that every cn'ort possible
\u25a0Rill be made to find the guilty person
and to punish her when the is found.
\u25a0\Yofnen students only have access to the
room in Hearst Hall where the therts oc
curred.
Miss Levy reside? in San Francisco. She
•was in attendance upon the class In phy
sical culture yesterday afternoon when the
money was taken from the !o.ker in
which her clothing had been left. A gold
watch ar.d a rurse in the locker were
not disturbed by the thief.
. Miss Levy said to-day that she was con
fident she knew the identity of the thief,
and that she purposed waiting a few days
to see if restitution is made, and if the
money is not returned she states that the
university authorities will be informed by
her of the name of the person suspected.
GOVERNOR EXPLAINS
ASTOIiAIMJOAI) WORK
Correspondence With Mayor
3! ott About Pile Driving
M:vle Public
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— Mayor Mott to
day made public correspondence with
Governor Pardc-e touching the improve
ments the Southern Pacific Company is
making south of the Oakland broad
*uage mole, the charge having been made
that the company has been encroaching
on State wau-r frontage. On September
11 the Mayor' wrote to the Governor call-
Ing- attention to the driving of piles on
the south side cf tlie mole. Another let
ter followed October 4. A reply from
Governor Pardce includes explanations
lurnishcrd at the Governor's request by
E. E. Calvin, general manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, .\ho says the
work is intended to provide facilities for
handling the traffic of Oakland and Ala
tnc-da County generally. Manager Cal-
Mn declares that ]>ermission has been
granted by the United States engineers
and the War Department to build a
bulkhead to inclose debris to be pumped
In from bay channels. The Governor re
invests the Mayor to inform him whether
the city will be benefited by the pro
jected Improvements.
Concering old hulks that are lying on
thtr mud fiats of which notice has been
taicen by the authorities, the Governor
Fays their presence cannot give any
rights by possession to the lands, as they
ere merely beached for wrecking pur
poses, as . have other derelicts been laid
vp at the tame place.
TJiis correspondent c was laid before the
public iv response to request from the
Central L&bur Council concerning the
railroad Company's move.
• POISO.V OAK AS REWARD.
BEKKELtY, October II. — An un
pleusant and unexpected sequel to the
gallant work of the university students
In fighting the flames on the hills lust
Monday came to-day when scores of
the student fire-fighters, with many
university professors, awoke to find
that they had been poisoned by con
tact with poison oak.
Students appeared on the campus
with faces swollen and eyes partly
clostd, attributing their injuries to en
counters with thl? dreaded poison shrub
on the hills where the flames were
fought to a standstill, back of the uni
versity.
The strong north wind that was
blowing during the fire carried the
poisonous dust against the faces and
bodies of the students.
LOWIUE l> SENTENCED.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11. — C. D. Lowrie,
found guilty of having entered the
bouse of A. B. Fritschie, In Alameda,
was sentenced to fifteen years at San
Quentin this morning by Judge Melvin.
He admitted a. prior conviction, and un
der the circumstances he could not get
less than ten years.
He is 30 years of age and has a
mother and sister, who are working to
obtain his release. A notice of an ap
peal to the Supreme Court for a new
trial was made for him by Attorney \V.
T. Hume, An effort will also be made
to have him liberated on probation, as
he is suffering from consumption-
Leaven JXalr to Former Wife.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 11. — J. J. Krawe
eki, whose death here. Monday uncover
ed the story of his separation from
his wife, their reunion after forty
years, her care of him on his death
bed after raising a family by another
.husband, left his estate to his first love
and daughter, whom he had never
seen. The estate consists of realty and
mortgages, aggregating $11,453 of
which the realty and $4000 goes to the
former wife.
Without losing a single animal, seven
shepherds recently drove a flock of 14,000
sheep from Mamuga. in Queensland, to
Narbri, in New South Wales, a distance
of 900 miles.
> — 1 Positively cured by
AI DTTD O these tittle Pills.
WMli I L flu Ther aiao J^ l6^ »»\u25a0
pPHjjj tress trcza. Dyspepsia* In-
k%d*!TTLE <UsesttonanaTooHe«rty
El llfPn Eating. A perfect rera-
jr"j 1 * tli edy for Dizziness, X&osea.
r^j PILLS Drcjrsinees. Bad Taste
Hf ga * th 6 Month. Coated
f .'J'-i-3^A Tongue, Pain In the Side.
mmmmmm ™ JTORPID UVTEK. They
rtg-ul&te tie Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SHALL FILL SHALL DOSE, SMJUI PRICE,
fl^mfe! CURE SICK HEADACHB.
F3iTTLE Genuine Must Bear
tj I VER Fas-Simile Signature
MUST ANSWER
SIX CHARGES
* ,
Chief of Police John Conrad
Files Accusations Against
Patrolman Fred Brainpton
SLEEP CAUSES TROUBLE
Allegation Is Made That the
Officer Took Nap and Was
Also Drunk While on Duty
A LAMED A, Oct. 11.— Six charges were
filed to-day by Chief of Police John Con
rad against Patrolman Fred F. Bramp
ton. who was suspended one week ago.
Among the accusatiens that the officer
mil have to answer are intoxication
while on duty, leaving beat without per
mission and unnecessarily, failure to re
port for duty and failure to report hourly
while on duty and an indecent act com
mitted on the night of the 3rd inst. at
the saloon of Henry Muller on Santa
Clara avenue and Bay street.
It is also alleged in the charges that
Brampton's "general conduct for two
years has been detrimental and sub
versive to the good order and discipline
of the police force of the city," and that
on more than one occasion he has been
found asleep while on duty. Brampton's
friends are extrting themselves to pre
vent his dismissal from the police de
partment. The charges v.'lll be read at
the meeting of the City Trustees next
Monday night and a time for the defend
ant's trial will then be set.
CLUB AFFAIRS
BRILLIANT
SUCCESS
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
OAKLAND, Oct. 11. — "'May many more such
days as these to us befall." The sentiment
was meet, for without the day was perfect
and within were scores of pretty, clever wom
en, flowers, music — what more could one ask
tv make repetition desirable? At the annual
breakfast to-day the Oakland Club certainly
excelled ittelf and the participants will long
icmcmtcr it as one of the brilliant social suc
eesfea of that rapidly growing organization.
The club polons, green and gold, blended pleas
ingiy In the decorations, golden lilies and yel
low c-oreopses adorning the long tables and
mingling with the jialm plumes that clung to
pillars an.l archways. The tiny booklets con
tau.:r.g the programme w«re green, lied with
>el!ow ribbons and bearing the club's seal in
gold on the back. During the serving o;' the
breuktast — anrt the menu was excellent — a
string orchestra of several pieces furni.-hed
eor.ie very good music.
A«rs. Cora K. Jonts. recently elected presi
dent of the Oakland club, presided tor the first
time since that honor was conferred upon her
and in a few well-chosen words gave greeting
to her co-workers a/id their guests. ' At the
round table — which Is alwayi the. president's .
table and from which the others radiate, star- I
iashlon — were the guests of honor, including
Mrs. J. 11. Hume, president of Ebell; Mrs. W.
E. Sharon, president Woman's Exchange; Mrs.
Patterson, president of the South Carolina
Federation of Women's Clubs: Mrs. J. E.
Thane, president of AJameda Federation: Mrs
H. A. Melvin. Mrs. Sara Htamer, Mrs. M T.
Mott. Miss fc-arah Horron and Mrs. Cushing.
The responses to the toasts were limited to
fhe minutes and could some Adam have looked
in upon this cub Eden to-day he would have
been surprised to hear how some women
can say so many clever things ia so short
a time — when she has to. Among the speak
ers were Mrs. J. E. Thane. Mrs. Mary Tracy
ilott. Mr*. Patterson. Mrs. B. M. de Leon.
Miss f-larah Horton. Mrs. J. H. Aydelotte, Mrs
Heamtr and Mrs. H. C. £apwelL Mr*, de
Leon's response to the toast "Bachelor Girls"
wan bright ar.d witty, and "The Strenuous
Lite," a« depicted by Mrs. Aydelotte. was
another breezy little speech. "Pin Money"
wag the subject *il Mre. Capweli's toast and
was handled in her usual droll and sprightly
manner.
Many of the gowns to-day were "simply
stunning," one of the most attractive being
worn by Mrs. M. J. Laymance. the cloth suit
of Alice blue being topped by an extremely
modish and becoming hat of the same blue,
with a cerl«e velvet crown and four black
tips falling over the upturned brim. Mrs. \V.
W. Kergan's all-violet suit — gown and turban —
was another striking costume. Other notice
: ably pretty gowns were worn by Mrs. V.\ A.
Schrock. Mrs. George Scott. Mra \V. S. Pal
! mer, Mrs. J. J. Al]f-n, Mrs. L. L. Bromwell,
Mrs. Julia Sanborn, Mrs. H. C. Capwell, Mrs.
;I. A. Beretta. Mrs. Hugh Kogan Mr«. E.
: Barrington I Davis. Mrs. J. H. V. Dunn, Mrs.
; George Humphreys'. Mrs. Henry Abrahamson.
Professor Wolle and his charming wife were
gutits of honor to-day at a reception, unique
and typically Californlan in its cordial hos
pitality. The ladies of the Piano Club in
Berkeley were the hostesses and their quaint
little studio, which in days long gone was
a barn, was crowded frgm 3 to « with a
steady inflow of guests eager to greet the
man upon whom the eyes of musicians and
lovers of music alike are now centered. HU
advent among us means, much for the ad
vancement of things musical and much is ex
pected of him. It is to be hoped that when
he raises hi» standard of "work t!/ professionals
and students will rally about him as eagerly
as did the throngs of visitors to-day.
The club rooms were draped In rugs, and
vines and blossoms outlined the picturesque
window and filled odd nooks with color. On
the lawn In front punch and other refresh
ments were served and altogether the after
noon was a delightful success In every way.
SAYS SHE FEAIIS THE
THEEATS OF HUSBAND
Pretty Candy Saleswoman
Applies for Permit to
Carry a Pistol. .
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Alleging that she
feared her husband would kill her, Mrs.
Elizabeth Baker, twenty-four years old,
wife of , Joseph Baker, a carpenter, ap
plied to-day to Mayor Mott for permission
to carry a pistol. The application was
filed in regular order to receive the
Mayor's attention later. \
Five years ago Mrs. Baker, then Miss
Elizabeth Spencer, granddaughter of Mrs.
Liza. Hart, residing at ,660 Alice street,
wedded the man she now; accuses. The
marriage was a cheerless ' one, according
to the grandmother. Baker being a score
of years older than his vivacious and
pretty bfide. The couple went to Alaska,
remained a year, "and after returning
Baker again went -north, leaving his wife
in Oakland. When H.hey .were unitedTa.
second time, love. had grown cold. .The
grandmother ;says Baker failed to per
suade his wife to live with him. Now
comes the wife .Insisting her spouse, has
threatened to kill her unless she yields
to his demands.
Baker, according to Mrs. Hart, is an
industrious mechanic who gave . freely of
his earnings to keep his handsome wife
in fine raiment and good surroundings.
Since the separation . he has resided at
Berkeley. Mrs. Baker said she had been
employed In a candy, store... .. ';" ;
MAY BUILD BATTLESHIP. |
-AT'THE BROOKLYN YARD
Xavy Department Desire* 'to Have. One
of A>w Vessels . Constructed
by Government
WASHINGTON. . Oct. 11.— The construction
department of the navy will strongly recom
mend that one of. the. two great battleships au
thorised "by Congress be built at. the Brooklyn
navy yard. It i» believed that private ship
building- concerns will--.-, vigorously protest
against having: another battleship \u25a0 built -at
Brooklyn, as they do not favor the building of
ships in Government yards.
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, THURSDAY. OCTOBER 12, 1905.
MINING MAN HURT BY EXPLODING GAS
METER AND FLYING MISSILES.
There was an inexplicable explosion of a gas. meter in the basement, of Frank B. Hill's resi
dence, 318 Grand avenue, Oakland, yesterday. Hill was seriously burnt and hurt by pieces of
flying metal, and was saved from suffocation or death by fire through the heroism of Miss
Anna Pawer,.. who rescued him from his perilous position. .-'\u25a0: .\u25a0•. ;s; s
Frank B. Hill Has
Narrow Escape
From Death.
Heroic Anna Pawer
Saves Employer's
Life. "
Building Damaged
From Fire That
.Follows.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Frank B. Hill,
a mining man, residing at 318 Grand
avenue, was badly injured at 11:46
o'clock this morning by an explosion
of gas In the basement of his residence,
where he had been working over some
business papers in a desk.
The shock hurled -Hill across the
basement, while the enveloping flames
severely burned him. A gas meter ex
ploded and pieces of flying metal were
buried in Hfll's back, intlicting many
severe cuts. With the injured man at
the time were his children. Robert, 1
years old, and Katherine, 5 years ot
age. They were playing there a short
distance from their father. but,
shielded by the back of the desk, the
little ones escaped injury.
Their screams of fright, the shock
and flames attracted Anna Pawer. the
Hills' domestic. She ran into the base
ment, caught the children and ran out
again to give an alarm. Deputy City
Treasurer George Gross, Philip Bowles,
son of P. E. Bowles, president of the
First National Bank; William Leimert
and Dr. A. L. Cunningham rushed to
the rescue. Hill, his face and beard
badly burned, his clothing in shreds,
was borne out" of the cellar uncon
scious. The flre department extin
guished the fire, after $500 damage had
been done.
Hill was taken to his apartments
and the family physician, * Dr. W. S.
Porter, was called. He dressed the in
juries. There were several very seri
ous cuts in the back caused by the fly-
Ing metal. The patient suffered severe
ly from shock. To the physician Hill
said he could not explain the explosion.
There was no open light in the base
ment. He was near the meter when the
shocks occurred, \u25a0 but had not noticed
the odor of leaking gas.
\u25a0\u25a0To the heroism of the servant girl
Hill owes his life. When Miss Pawer
rushed into. the basement she saw. her
employer prostrate, his clothing on
fire. She ran to him after seeing the
children ,were saved and.'wlth much
presence of mind, rolled him over ana
over until the blazing garments were
extinguished. The fire burned briskly
at the burst meter until the department
got it under control. -
The cause of the explosion was not
discovered. Fire Warden George Mc-
Donald made a careful examination,
but said he could not explain the ac
cident. One theory was that crossed
electric, wires produced a spark that
ignited gas which might have accumu
lated above the meter in the space be
tween the floor joists. The residence,
which is leased by Hill, is owned by
Mrs. Emma Percy. Hill haß extensive
mining interests in Sierra County.
NEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY.
BEGIN TO REMOVE WlRES.— Oakland.
Oct. 11. — The Sunset Telephone Company has
commenced the work of removing its overhead
wires In the business district and placing them
in subsurface conduits, under the provisions of
the rectntly enacted ordinance signed by Mayor
Mott.
PRISONER GOES INSANE.— Oakland Oct.
11. — Joseph Madeira, a laborer, became Vio
lently insane to-night In the City Prison and
tried to kill other occupants of his cell. After
he had ripped out bunks, smashed a brick
chimney and movable articles in the cell
Jailer Forgie had a battle with the crazed
prisoner before he was subdued. ' -
MINER'S SUDDEN DEATH.— Oakland Oct
11. — Joseph H. Kennedy, a. miner, 58 'years
old. died suddenly this morning at his resi
dence, 1005 Twenty-second street. Kennedy
hud been ill for three weeks.. He leaves a
wife.- Mrs. Minnie Kennedy. He was born In
Canada. The Coroner took charge.
MIND READERS RETURNED —Oakland
Oct. 11. — R.-M. Mallory and "Mile. Orletta."
mind readers, were brought from Vacaville to
day by Detective Holland to face a charge of
stealing electrical devices from Mrs A C
Lindsay. The couple declare Mrs. Lindsay
gave them the articles to sell in settlement
of a debt she owed them.
CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT —
Oaklanß, Oct. 11.— R. E. Weaver, a sewing
machine agent, residing at 447 Sixty-fifth
street, was arrested to-day on complaint of
J. L. Garwood of Los Angeles, who charges
Weaver with embezzling ?300 while' the agent
was In his employ. Weaver was taken to San
Francisco pending his return to the south. •
SCARES BURGLAR AWAY.— Alameda, Oct
11. — An attempt was made by a burglar at 3
o'clock this morning to force an entrance to
the residence of Dr. Edward W. Christensen
on , High \u25a0street, near Enclnal avenue. While
the thief was endeavoring to pick the door
lock he aroused Dr. Christenscn, who arose
and scared the marauder away. A wire pick
lock was found In the door. ,
DOG ALMOST CAUSES FATAL ACCI
DENT.—OakIand. Oct. 11.— C. W. White, a
painter living at 1911 Myrtle street, had a
narrpw escape from death while returning
from a boat ride on the estuary last nlcht.
While disembarking from the boat . he tripped
over a dog and fell Into the water, striking
the side of the boat In his fall and dislocat
ing his shoulder. His- . Injuries were dressed
at: the \u25a0\u25a0 Receiving Hospital, where he was
treated by Dr. L. L. Riggln.,
STREET DEPUTY NAMED.— Oakland, Oct.
11. — The Board of Public Works I to-day ap
pointed Street InsDector '= W.*- W: Blair to be
Deputy Superintendent of Streets to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of M. W. Holmes.
Blair's successor was not named.
I GRANTED BOXING PERMlT.— Oakland,
Oct. 11.— The West Oakland Athletic Club was
to-day granted a . permit by the Board of Po
llce. Commissioners to, hold a boxing tourna
ment October, 17.. •
' MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand. Oct. 11.'
— The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day : Reuben H. W.
Mahoney, 26, Berkeley.- and Lucy M. Cohen,
20, Oakland : Herman Schroeder. 35, - and Jo
hanna D. Petersen, 2», both of Decoto; Harry"
H. Butt, 21, : San Francisco, and Hazel K. Kis
ter, 21,- Point Richmond; - Tony Perelra,J 25,
and Ethel L. Botts, 25, . b0th of Martinez; Jo
seph Paccioretty, 23, Oakland, and Dora Mag
ginl. 19, Gllrov. •. -.;,.,!
Sues to Recover. His Certificate.
SANTA ROSA. v Oct." 11.'— -The suit of
Professor James j Ferguson, "\u25a0', former
principal of the Petaluma'. High School,
against the Sonoma- County Board, of
Education" to compel j the restoration of
his certificate as a high school, teacher,
was tried before Judge . Burnett to-day.
The' certificate - was J revoked; last; July
for alleged unprofessional conduct! All
the members of 'the '\u25a0'\u25a0 board were ex
amined and. the case 'will be submitted
on briefs. .
CHILDREN WHO BY MEREST CHANCE ESCAPED SERIOUS INJURY IN. AN
EXPLOSION OF GAS IN THE BASEMENT OF THEIR HOME. THEIR FA
THER WAS SEVERELY BRUISED AND CUT.
ALL IS READY
FOR FESTIVAL
OAKLAND, Oct. 'll.— Arrangements are
now complete for the athletic festival
and circus which is to be given at Idora
Park by the Reliance Athletic Club. Tho
carnival opens to-morrow evening and
will continue Friday evening, closing with
a football game between the teams of
the Reliance Club and Hitchcock Col
leg*, which will take pla< on Saturday
afternoon. Manager, James Pilling of
Idora Park has placed all the conces
sions, of the park under control of the
club for the three days of the carnival,
and the athletic festival gives promise of
being the most successful of any event
ever given under the auspices of Oak
land's crack athletic club.
As at all other affairs of this kind giv
en by the Reliance Club, the circus will
be the feature of the programme, but
this will not be the only attraction fur
nished. The music of the festival will
be furnished by the Columbia Park Boys'
Band and a minstrel show will be given
each evening by the members of the
juvenile classes of' the club. Following
is the programme of -the latter for the
opening evening of the festival:
Charles Hughes, buck and wing danc
ing; Allan and Jackson, wrestling; Frates
and Fallon, boxing; John Sheehan,
monologue; Jack Hodge and E. Wood
ward, comic boxing; W. Parker, songs;
music by a quartet composed of L«o
Carter. E. Stevens, Charles Hughes and
W. Parker. . . - . : .
Other features of the- three days festi
val will be fancy horseback riding by
pr. \V. J. Smythe and a number of la
dies, and new comedy sketches by the
well-known comedians, Dave McLaugh
lin and "Pete" Sloan.; -.:,-'-
A special vaudeville show will be given
each evening of the festival in the hand
somely appointed theater of the park.
The members of the club are, determined
to make this the. most successful enter
tainment ever given by the organiza
tion and their efforts seem likely .to be
crowned with success.
MAS SUSPECTED OF MURDER
CAUGHT XT SAN FERXANDO
Authorities Expect to Prove That He
!\u25a0 the Slayer of n Kiveriilde
Rp.ncher.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 11.— On the night
of January 24. 1904. Anthony Rockhlll,
a Riverside rancher, was murdered
while reading his Bible before retiring.'
A man believed to be his murderer was
locked up in the Riverside County Jail
to-night ;He is Pollrio Soto, a Mexican
formerly employed by Rockhill. On ithe
nlght-of «the murder Soto disappeared,
and although officers all over the coun
try, had a^ description of him 'and" a re-
t ward of 5200 was | offered f or \u25a0 his i&p
ture, he escaped arrest. < Soto's capture
was made in San; Fernando by,; Deputy
Sheriff .Velardo of San Bernardlnq, him
self a Mexican, who was; personally
acquainted with' the supposed murderer.
Sheriff Coburn claims to have a perfect
case against Soto..
u The Rev. H.VVV Knickerbocker, deposed
for. heresy from the' Los - Angeles. Trinity,
Methodist Episcopal ft Church V eighteen
montha : ago, . is ! now worth $100,000, , made
WOUNDED MAN
FACES JUDGE
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.-With his head
bandaged and looking rather more dead
than alive, Earle A." SargAt. the uni
versity student burglar, was brought into
court this afternoon at the request of
Probation Officer Ezra Decoto, who asks
that he be at once sentenced to either
San Quentin or Folsom, where he can
have the benefit of the prison hospital.
Sargent took little interest in the pro
ceedings this afternoon and seemingly
was In a stupor a part of the time, al
though it is believed he is feigning to
s-ome extent. He, however, is in a seri
ous condition, for less than two weeks
ago he was shot in the head by Police
man McCready and in the operation that
followed a considerable portion of brain
matter »was removed
Judge Ellsworth refused to sentence
Sargent until he could be represented by
an attorney and put the matter over until
to-morrow. \u25a0
MASHEK ENCOUNTERS
JIU JITSU WOMAN
Diminutive Japanese Twice
Throws Large Man to
the Sidewalk.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Weighing no
more than 110 pounds, O Mi Misou Sogo,
a Japanese woman, twice threw to the
sidewalk in West One Hundred and.
Twenty-Fifth street, this afternoon, an
athletic man who addressed her in offen
sive "terms.
Miss Sogo 'had turned from the win
dowoovaf v a dry goods stors when the man
approached her. : Grasping her arm he
eaid: '\u25a0-\u0084 ./ ".'. " -
"Don't you know me?"
.•; Miss! Sogo took just a moment to kick
him behind the left knee and when he
weakened she thrust her other No. 1 boot
against his ankle and threw him over *on
his back on the sidewalk.
This action brought several hundred
persons Ito the scene. Women crowded
around the Japanese girl and . called ;to
her to beat the man.'" Shamefaced the
victim, arose to his feet, and the girl
asked: ',
) "Haye 'you enough?" :\u25a0.•"
j 1 "No," '-he replied, ., as he made a step
toward^her. '.-\u25a0'.' • ,--' lr ;
Jiu Jltsu : again triumphed. ;; This . time
the Japanese 'thrust .her arm under the
man's throat and with a quick twist Of
her": right ; arm^ again ".. threw him to the
sidewalk.;. She landed; with her knee on
his 'stomach, and,* he, cried for mercy.
* .There ; were I nearly, 2000 . persons in the
street when "AJax" Whitman and ! John
Lenahan, a \ bicycle policeman,; broke
through the crowd and arrested the man.
Men" and •' women cheered the Japanese
girl- as Bhe ; walked , away triumphant.- ,
The Czar Js said to. have referred to
the . Pennsylvania Legislature and: the
Philadelphia : \u25a0 Councils ;\u25a0;./ which '; have
fumbled Iwlth ; the \u25a0 sas -lease ; as ; a rea
son; for not grantingr'raeasures provid
ing for; popular, government.
GETRING READY
FOR BIG RALLY
Annual "Jolly Up" Preceding
the Freshman Football
Game Will Be Held Friday
'09 -YELL TO BE TRIED
Newly Adopted Call of the
First Year Rooters and
Songs to Be Practiced
, ; STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 11. —
The annual rally which precedes the
freshman Intercollegiate football game
will be held to-morrow night In the
assembly halTof the Stanford Universi
ty. The occasion Is second in Import
ance to 'the final rally and send-off ot
the varsity.
Many speakers will address the stu
dents and the new songs will be prac
ticed. The following members of the
faculty will be called on:. Prof. Ell
wood P. Cubberley, Prof. J. F. Newsom
and A. C. Whitaker. The coaches will
deliver a few words as to the possibili
ties of the class of 1909 In the foot
ball line.
The band will furnish the music for
the occasion and will lead the serpen
tine around the quad, which is sched
uled to follow the other exercises.
The freshman class has adopted Its
yell, and it will be presented to the
rooters to-morrow evening in order
that they may practice before Satur
day. The yell, which was presented
to the bleachers as approved by the
freshman class, was pronounced by the
yell leaders to be one of the best in
the history of the university, and
"took" with all of the bleacheriles. The
yell Is:
"Rah, naught nine.
"Rah. naught nine,
Stanford. Stanford!
Naughty nine:
One nine, naught nine,
Stanford!"
WANT GATES REOPENED.
MAYFIEOD. Oct. 11.— It is said here
that a rt'Quest will be made by the
local Board of Trade to the Stanford
University trustees asking that the
gates leading from the campus to ilay
fleld be reopened. The gates were
closed several years ago to keep rigs
from running from the dormitories to
the saloons here. It is thought more
students will live here if buses can
carry them to the university.
PAY TO KEEP OUT SALOON'S.
MAYFIELD. Oct. 11. — Keeping the
agreement to. supply the town with an
equal amount of revenue derived from
saloons if the latter were refused a
license here, the citizens have paid
$744 to the town treasury. The Town
Trustees and residents consider the ab
sence of saloons no longer an experi
ment, saying the town is much better
off. They cite statistics and increased
assessments" to prove the assertion.
PAVING 'PALO ALTO STREETS.
PALO, ALTO. Oct. 11.— The entire
length of Waverly street will be paved
with asphalt, which will mark a new
era in local street work. Contracts
have been let for the improvement of
all streets running east and west of
University avenue, and \u25a0 they will be
paved before winter. Storm and drain
age sewer pipe has been ordered for
these streets.
DATE SET FOR MEETI.VG.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 11. — Monday. Oc
tober 16. has been fixed as the date for
the meeting of the Santa Clara County
Editorial Association In Palo Alto. The
business session will be held in the
afternoon, and in the evening a ban
quet will be served. The local editors
and the Board of Trade will entertain
the visitors.
TO .MEET IX PALO ALTO.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 11.— The Super
visors of San Mateo and Santa Clara
counties will meet in Palo Alto October
2S. The local Town Trustees and Board
of Trade will tonfer with them and
give them a dinner afterward.
DIVORCED WIFE
TRAPS HUSBAND
LIMA, Qhio, Oct. 11.— Developments to
day in the American National Bank rob
bt-ry, for which former janitor Elijah
Bowsher anfl real estate agent Thomas
Wilkins were indicted by a special Grand
Jury yesterday, divulge the facts that the
detective work was done by Wilkins' di
vorced wife, now a clerk in the office of
Probate Judge Miller.
Vice President Michael . and Cashier
Kalb. of the bank, had lived six years
under the imputation that they were
guilty of stealing 518,233 from the bank.
Mrs Wilkins, hearing Prosecutor Ulinger
Bpeak of Kalb and Michael, said: "They,
are innocent."
From that remark the I prosecutor led
her to tell what she knew of her former
husband's connection with the case, and
she was persuaded to arrange a meeting
of Bowsher and Wilkins at her home.
Court Stenographer Scott and Deputy
Sheriff Fro^t were hidden in the room
above and heard the story of the rob
bery discussed by the men as they were
cleverly questioned by Mrs. Wilkins. The
statements were taken down In shorthand
and "given to the Grand Jury.
Since his -arrest Bowsher refuses to
talk other than to say the trial will show
him in a different light. Wilkins will
say .nothing.
WIFE OF ALLEGED BIGA3IIST
MORTGAGES HER PROPERTY
Clarice MeCurdy Collins Raises Funds
on Lund Owned 'by- Her In
Stockton.
SXOCKTOX, Oct. v U ll. — Attorney
George D. Collins, formerly of - San
Francisco, but now of Victoria, and his
alleged wife, Clarice Collins, nee Mc-
Curdy, have mortgaged her property in
this city for $311 to Clinton A. Harri
son of- Victoria. The' property mort
gaged'consists of lot 7. in block 33. in
the; Stockton. City Homestead, and was
owned by Clarice McCurdy. The mort
gage was ' recorded here yesterday by
Attorneys Drake, Jackson & Helmaken
of; Victoria," and it bears Interest at 6
per 'cent.';S?si!3s3f§s§[
The HcCurdys at one. time owned
considerable property In this city, it
having been Inherlted"from ] McCurdy.
.who .was a. prosperous druggist. 'Three
years ago a business block passed from
their possession. .
TRIES TO BURN
THE JUTE MILL
Negro Convict at San Quentin
Is Detected While At
teniping to Start Fire
WILL BE PROSECUTED
Would-Be Incendiary Is to
Be Taken Into Court to
Answer Charge of Felony
Special Dispatch to TJis Call.
SAN QUESTIX. Oct 11 James
Wade, a negro serving three years for
bribery, committed In Santa Clara
County in 1904. attempted to set fir©
to the jute mill on two occasions be
cause Captain of the Yard Harrison did
not grant certain requests made by
him. He was detected by Guard Lee
Carpenter, who prevented the flrins
and turned him over to Captain Harri
son. "Wade acknowledged his guilt,
and i 3 now languishing In a dungeon.
Warden Tompkins swore to a complaint
to-day before Judge ilagee charging
Wade with an attempt to commit ar
son. Wade will probably appear be
fore Magee next Monday for prelimi
nary hearing.
EIIONS TRIAL
NEARINC I END
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 11.-I n the Em
mons bribery trial before Judge Hart
this morning Grove L. Johnson resumed
his argument to the Jury for the defense.
The courtroom was crowded to Its full
capacity and several times the Sheriff
had to call for order when the auditors
responded by laughter to Johnson's
sallies.
The attorney went rapidly over the
whole case as presented by the testimony *
to illustrate claim that neither Jor
dan, Bunkers nor Lee had Jbeen corrobo
rated. He implored the Jury to discover
If it could prove any testimony corrobo
rative of either Bunkers, the confessed
perjurer and felon, or Jordan, the alleged
go-between. He assailed the Continental
Building and Loan Association as the
real plaintiff in the case, the Institution,
he said, being corrupt and debauched and
operated in the interest of schemers: that
Corbin had overdrawn and defrauded the
company.
Johnson declared that there was ample
cause for investigation of that company,
and held that it feared investigation and
entered into a scheme to forestall Inves
tigation! and stand off exposure by turn
ing upon the defendant with accusations
that should serve to distract attention
from it/« own corruption and cover Its
own villainies.
At 3:15 District Attorney Seymour be
gan the concluding address to the Jury.
Ha opened with a tribute to the State
and the manhood and womanhood that
had builded the commonwealth. But a
shame had come upon it when a Senator
was brought to the bar of justice for
wantonly violating his sacred trust.
Lee. the negro, was not an accomplice,
but an accessory after the fact and does
not require corroboratlon. In legislative
bribery the question is what did the
boodler intend, not what did the briber
contemplate.
Was Emmons a Senator and did he re
ceive money to bar and defeat Investiga
tion of the b:sr companies? Those are all
the things needful to be proved, and
they, have been proved beyond the
shadow of a possibility of a doubt.
Shall the cost of the trial weigh against
the honor and life of the State? Shall
Emmona be acquitted because other men
walk the streets who are guilty and go
unpunished? Shall all murderers go free
because some arc -not detected? Why
should not Sacramento be the moral
clearing-house of ,th© State? It i 3 the
capital and here the laws are made.
Wife and child are pleaded to save
Emmons. but hearts had to be steeleil
against the plea that duty might be done
and corruption punl3hed, no matter how
hard it may be.
At this point the court adjourned until
to-morrow morning.
BOMU-TfinoWlMi OUTRAGE
CHARGED TO REVOLUTIONIST
Japanese Papers Place Re*ponalhlllty
f or Recent Explosion In Peking
on Dr. San Vatnrn.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 11. — According
to advices received by the steamer Em
press of Japan, the bomb outrage at
the Peking railway station, which in
volved the death. of the bomb thrower
and others, is alleged to have been In
stigated by Dr. Sun Yatsen. ringleader
of the revolutionary party in China.
The Japanese Advertiser of Yokohama
says that Sun Yatsen. who la ia Japan,
has sent' over thirty assassins to Tien
tsin' since August.
Following the outrage the Chinese
Government telegraphed to the Chinese
Minister at Tokio asking that he secure
the aid of the Japanese Government
and apprehend Sun Yatsen. who escaped
from prison In China and also escaped
from the Chinese Legation in London
when arrested there.
{\u25a0 . \u25a0 ra _ JF |S jy % . "-- * M
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want' pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali You can trust a
soap that has no biting in
it; that s Pears 1 .
Established over iboveamTRIAL AWAITS
BIG PACKERS
Judge Intimates That Half
of Indictments Against the
Beef Barons Will Hold
SOON TO MAKE RULING
Conspiracy in Restraint of
Trade Believed to Have
Been Proved in the Court
CHICAGO, Oct. IL— The hearing of ar
guments on the demurrers to the indict
ment returned by the Federal Grand Jury
against five of the big packing concerns
and seventeen of their employes was closed
late this afternoon, and if Judge Hum
phrey, before whom the arguments have
been made, retains his present Impres
sion of the case, one-half of the indict
ments charging the packers with con
spiracy in restraint of trade will be sus
tained and the remaining counts over
ruled. When it was announced that the
case had been closed Judge Humphrey
said:
As it now look* to the court the odd num
bered caunts are «u:firient and the even num
bered counts Insufficient. ' The argument hag
been bo clear that its:* la ray present impres
sion. 1 will faithiuliy read the authorities
cited by either side ir. this case. When I
am ready to render my decision in the cases
I will notify the IMstrlct Attorney and the
attorneys of the defendants.
The odd numbered indictments, which
may be considered sufficient by the court,
charge conspiracy among the defendants
In restraint of trade. The even numbered
counts charge a monopoly. The first
count in the indictment is not to be con
sidered in the decision of Judge Hum
phrey, as to this, count the packers are
to plead guilty.
l.dinai y."t.r.<» Hieh-Grade Shoes for Men.
Unsurpassed tor ftyle. fit and wearing qual
ities. Lomax superior thoes, 10 Fourth st. •
Holme* Case Ik Dit>nitn(>ed.
When the case of D. C. Holmes,
charged with criminal assault upon
Mrs. Helen Howard, William street.
was called in Judge Cook's court
yesterday to be again set for
trial Assistant District Attorney Ashe
moved that it be dismissed on the
ground that the evidence was insuf
ficient to convict. He -said the com
plaining witness and her husband did
not want to further prosecute the case.
The Judge granted the motion. Mrs.
Howard alleged that the assault was
committed at her home on the night
of August 7, she believing that the de
fendant was her husband. At the for
mer trial the jury stood 11 for acquit
tal and 1 for conviction.
Bljp Estates Appraised.
Leo Pockwitz, William Broderick and
Edward Barry, appraisers of the es
tate of the late Henry Russ, filed an
inventory yesterday in which they
place the value of decedent's estate at
$249,300. Shares in the Russ Estate
Company held by the deceased p.re val
ued at $125,000, shares in the German
Savings and Loan Society at $36,000
and stock In the Sacramento Gas. Elecr
trie and Railway Company at $17,000.
The estate of the late Jean Pierre
Bayle has been appraised at $203,172-
Deceased held stock in the firm of
Bayle, Lacoste & Co. valued at $90,
245, the balance of his estate consist-
Ing- of real and personal property.
Burglar Gets Ten Months.
James Fenwick, who was allowed
to plead guilty In Judge Cook's court
to a charge of attempt to commit
burglary, was sentenced yesterday to
serve ten months in San Quentin. The
Judge took into consideration the fact
that he had already spent two months
In the County Jail. He entered the resi
dence of Miy. Julia McCarthy. 2858
Railroad avenue, on August 22.
"The Perfect Food"
Some food is good to eat but
not healthful. Other food is
healthful but not good to eat— Malta -Vita '
is both healthful and good to eat. It is all
of the wheat and contains every element necessary
to the sustenance of the human body. It develops
and nourishes the brain, the nerves, the bones, tn,e
muscle and the blood. It fills all the requirements of "a food
and it is bo fresh and crisp that it is just the best you .
ever tasted. It is absolutely pure grain and contains no
foreign sweetening substance. Physicians recommend it as
the most healthful food known. It's always ready to eat.
At all grocers. Wrt'h
THE
ffjf a luxurious through train EVERY DAY IN THE \1&
BB YEAR, less than three days en route San Francisco \Wi
mg to Chicago, over the double-track railway between the H®
rj |f Missouri River and Chicago. Electric lighted through- I|§
if I out. Three trains daily via the mk|
IB CHICAGO. UNWH PACIFIC §1
11 AND raQRTH-WESTERN L6NE. If
¥1% Direct connections for St. Paul and Minneapolis. B§S
The Best of Everything. IB
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and full informa- arMy
tion, apply to nearest ticket agent, jfcst^JjhL
//£*}& 'fr'ijf'l JL L Rncnil cc * a>1 1 ? 1 H ' lli Cc&st °- * ?•\u25a0*• lJ ' \ K^iEfl^nC
MAY PROSECUTE
FEDERAL JUDGE
Case of Jurist Who Solicited
Campaign Funds Goes to
the Department of Justice
OFFENDER IS SCORED
Civil Service Commission
\u25baSays He Has Admitted
tlie Charges Against Him
WASHIXGT.ON, Oct. 11.— The charge of
soliciting and accepting campaign con
tributions in the campaign of 1902, made
against United States Circuit Judge Bak
er of Indiana, by the Civil Service Com
mission, has been referred to the Depart
ment of Justice by the commission. In
connection with the reference the com
mission gave out an official statement of
the case, in which it was said the
"statute of limitation Is the only defense
which can be opposed to the charge."
The commission's statement in part said:
The Civil Service Commission, through Com
missioner Grtene. conducted an examination
on the 22d and 23d of September, l'JOo, into
a charge of a violation of the civil service act
by the collection of illegal assessments at
GoElien. Ind. In the course of this investiga
tion Guy C. H.iu'.ton, a clerk In the postoftice
at Goshen, tcs-tified that he was told in the
tail of 1O')2 by the assistant postmaster. Al
derman, to visit Francis E. Baker, Judge of
the United States Court of Appeals for the
fc-eventh Ctrcu.t: that he was sent during office
houii to s«<? Judge Baker; that upon visiting
I.lm he was told by Judge Baker that it was
to Ms :nt»rest to keep in power the servant
of the party to which witness (Boulton) owed
his appoin m<nt: and that even If witness was
in the civil service his superior would give
him trouble in eas-e of a change of administra
tion. He was also told that Judge Baker paid
liberally himself for political purposes and that
clerks in the service usually gave 6 per cent
o-f their salary, with other statements along
the same line. In pursuance of these sugges
tions fom Judg-p Baker Boulton afterward paid
T> p< r cent of his salary, being $3l>, to D. XV.
Xeiolg. chairman of the Republican County
Committee.
Lamar Croop, also a clerk in the Goshen
posiot'flce. testified that Judge Baker was in
the postofflce in the fall of 1002; that In the
sam« fall tho assistant postmaster told witness
to go and see Judge Baker, just as Boulton
had betn told to go and see him during office
liours. The Judge urged witness to pay money
for campaign i>urposeB and the witness told
Judge Baker that he could not afford to.
Wht reupon Judge Baker said *to him:
"You can afford to do without a suit of
clothes and make your payment."
He was urged to pay 5 per cent. Thereafter
the v/ltness spoke to Postmaster Sherwin about
paying his assessment and said that he did
not have the money to pay. and Sherwin ad
vanced him $50 for his assessment, which was
paid by Mr. Croop.
Martin L. Schnur. a clerk in the postofflce,
testified that he also was sent In the fall of
1902 to Judge Baker and was In like- manner
urged by him to pay money to the Republican
campaign fund, and did pay $25, 5 per cent
of his salary. He was unable to make the
payment and the postmaster loaned him the
amount.
This testimony was presented to Judge
Baker, and without going Into the details of
the conversation the facts etated by the above
witnesses were admitted by • him to be true.
The Civil Service Commission has felt some
hesitation !n taking any action In the premises
but it Is felt by the commission that. Inasmuch
as violations by others of the civil service
act occurring: In the Goshen postofflce are to
be proceeded against and punished, it Is not
right that distinction should be made In favor
of a violator of the law, however exalted his
position may be. The charges against Judge
Baker have therefore been referred to the De
partment of Justice.
Still Searching for Brother.
C. A. Wright, 227 Eddy street, called
at the Coroner's office yesterday to see
if any unidentified body was there
which might be that of his brother, P.
E. Wright, who disappeared on Septem
ber. 11. The two brothers arrived
from Tacoma on that date and in the
evening P. E. went out, sayingr he was
going for a shave. He has hot been
seen since. The police were notified
at that time, but no trace of him could
be found.
At Strohbeck, Prussian Saxony, chess
is a part of the regular school currloulum
and every boy and girl carries a board
and men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1905.
PROMINENT MERCHANT
WEDS IN CHICAGO.
R. D. DA VIS WINS HANDSOME BRIDE
BUSINESS MAN' OF THIS CITY AND THE BRIDE HE LED- TO THE ALTAR AT
HER HOME IN CHICAGO YESTERDAY. THEY WILL ARRIVE IN SAN
FRANCISCO EARLY IN NOVEMBER.
The wedding of Richard D. Davis of
this city and Miss Adeline Robinson was
celebrated at noon yesterday at the home
of the bride near Chicago.
Rumor has been foretelling this happy
event for some time and Mr. Davis' re
cent departure for the East presaged a
near-by wedding.
The bride has spent some time on this
Coast and during the last summer has
been the recipient of much* social atten
tion, most of her time having been passed
at the home of" relatives in San Jose.
Mrs. Davis is strikingly handsome, of the
brunette type, and thoroughly enjoys /all
outdoor life to which she has given much
attention, numbering among her accom
plishments golf and swimming, besides
being a fine equestrienne. And to all these
is added the musician's talent.
Mr. Davis, « a leading merchant of this
city, is widely known for his industry
and ambitidn which have brought him. to
so high a position in the commercial
world. He was born in Quelph, Canada,
and came to California in 1884.
Several years ago Mr. Davis married
Miss Leila Stevenson of Vacavllle, who
died in 1899 and by this marriage there
are two little boys aged respectively eight
and six.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis are making a tour
of the East, expecting to arrive In the
early part of November in this city
where a large number of friends are wait
ing to extend cordial greetings to the
newly married pair.
"OUR FRIEXDS 1 " BOOTH WILL
BE GIVEN BENEFIT TO-XIGHT
Mnsicale Has Been Arranged In Which
Numerous Talented . People
Will Take Part.
Miss Margaret Smyth, assisted by
Mrs. J. J. Geary, will give a muslcale
at their residence, 900 Eddy street, this
evening for the benefit of "Our
Friends'" booth of St. Joseph's fair.
A fine programme has been arranged
Miss Agnes Marie Noonan, the clever
character sketch artist, will give some
of her dialect selections. Miss Pearl
Thurlow Hossack, the well-known
contralto singer, will also be one of the
principal participants in the pro
gramme. *
Among the oth«r well known peo
ple who will give their services are:
Edward Tillson, Mrs. Kelly, Miss L.
Crawford, M. J. Hines, Miss Rita Curtis,
R. Jose, the Elks' Quartet,' the Misses
O' Brien and some of the popular sing
ers from the Tivoll. Miss Giorgiani,
organist of St. Mary's Church, will be
the accompanist.
Try the United States Laundry,' loo4
Market street. Telephone South 420. •
. DEMANDS AN . ACCOUN'ttNCJ.^-Sult was
filed yesterday by August Buehrla against R.
E. Swan, his partner In the painting: business,
for an accounting and dissolution of copartner
ship. Buehrle alleges that last month Swan
gathered all of the firm's apparatus, moneys
and securities and converted them to his own
use. excluding the plaintiff from the enjoyment
of his rlehts. . _^ •
JL-swJLWjI tt i 1 h \u25a0-.-'.'/' '\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0
4mammr B%^fi m JK»
Made \vith Rumford Baking Powder are
light, delicious and wholesome; easily digested
and free from a baking powder taste.
\u25a0 " \u25a0 '."\u25a0::' '.\u25a0"-' - ' - ' \u25a0. - --•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0--;\u25a0.:\u25a0<. •— . . - . • , , .
"SON NAM BU LA"
MOVES CROWD
TO CRY "BRAVA"
With scores of men standing and
shouting "Brava!" with a great audi
ence that filled the Tivoll, manifesting
its enthusiasm in various .ways, the
curtain fell Tuesday evening on a per
formance of "Sonnambula" that was re
cord-breaking in several particulars.
First and foremost was the delicacy
and exactness and languishment with
which Polacco steered chorus, orches
tra, and even principals at times,
through the shallows •of what might
easily have proved to be mediocrity of
rendering into currents that ran deep
with emotion.
The soprano was Tetrazzini, scintil
lating staccato upper notes ad lib.;
making long skips with dazzling ease
and certainty; warbling like a robin at
sunrise on an old apple tree, whenever
there was a warbling mood" in the score
— which was often; hitting so far up
among the leger line notes that the ad
mirers of sheer vocalism went daft
over what she did with so little show
of exertion. -
There was Bazelli, for tenor, whose
voice was in the best shape that it has
been since • the season opened; who
made musical sounds about all the time
with his vocal apparatus and whose
supply of sentiment met all demands,
so that he was a success.
For basso Gravina figured, and he was
amply able to do all that was needed
without imparting any thrills, but care
ful and conscientious. The other roles
were filled by Signorlna Caesarlni, Slg
norlna Lucchini, Signor, Cervi and
"Signor" Fogarty of old-time comic
opera fame at the Tivoll, when' he was
not, a few weeks ago, a "signor" at all,
but good, jolly Fogarty, with a brogue.
The end of the second act, with the
triply sweet languishing duet be
tween Tetraz'zinl and Bazelli, naturally
made the most impression upon an
audience that quickly came into sym
pathy with the music that our grand
mothers and grandfathers loved. From
this time on the standing of the old
opera, "so often abused by incompetent
conductors and slurred by indifferent
singers, gained steadily in current esti
mation. • : -
So it was with progressive interest
that the climax came with a storm of
"Bravas" and hand clapping. The act
ing was as good as the singing and
that Is sufficient to say. "Sonnambula"
was one of the most pronounced suc
cesses of a good season.
WEATHER IS COOLER.— The weather was
much cooler yesterday / than for \ several days
and Professor McAdle declares that the hot
Bpell Is over. The maximum temperature was
70 degrees and toward night the air was much
cooler. - - '"; . . "
ROCKHILL COMES
IN FOR CENSURE
American Minister at Peking
Accused of Discourtesy
to Presidents Daughter
CHARGES FEEELY MADE
Mismanagement of Reception
toVAlice Koosevelt and
Friends Causes Comment
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 11.— Mall ad
vices by the Empress of Japan included
a Manila dispatch to the Japanese Adver-.
tiser of Yokohama, which states that
General Corbin severely censures United
States Minister Rockhill at Peking, charg
ing him with dereliction of social duty
in the provisions for the reception and
entertainment of the President's daugh
ter and party at Peking. The Advertiser
says:
"Execrable mismanagement of the re
ception and direct discourtesy on the part
of the Minister, are charges freely made.
The returning party say the marked
scantiness of attention paid them was
sufficient to elicit surprise from the vari
ous legation staffs' of the other Peking
embassies."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— National cap
ital circles are not surprised that Gen
eral Corbin, commanding in the Phil
ippines, has complained that Minister
Rockhill did not sufficiently exert him
self to provide honors for Miss Alice
Roosevelt while in the Chinese Empire.
General Corbin is well known in army
and social circles as a stickler for the
niceties of life. Minister Rockhill, on the
contrary, is man of affairs, charged di
rectly by the President with the execu
tion of extraordinary work In the empire
of the draKon. Twenty years of study
in Pekging in the provinces, and even
In far-off Tibet, it is declared, have
fitted' him to care for the weighty inter
ests of this Government in the ' Far East
beyond any other man.
Upon Rockhill devolves the duty of in
terpreting the policy of China and the
European powers there to the President
and Secretary Root, and of explaining to
China the policy of the United States.
It is believed possible that these questions
outweigh in importance in his own mind
General Corbin's views on social etiquette.
TOKIO, Oct. 11.— Premier Ketsura gave
a dinner to-day in honor of H. Harriman.
Miss Alice Roosevelt was present at the
garden party which Count* Inouye, Secre
tary of the Home Office, gave yesterday
at his residence in honor of Harriman.
MAY CONSOLIDATE
TWO LOCAL OFFICES
Goulds Looking Around for
' Bis: Building in This
City.y
The Goulds are considering: a plan
to consolidatethe offices of the Western
Pacific Railroad Company and the
Western Union Telegraph Company in
a bii building in this city. Although'
the third floor of the Safe Deposit
Building recently has been remodeled
to meet the requirements of the new
railroad, it is well known that the
company will need larger accommoda
tions when the .work of construction
along: the overland route has pro
gressed to some degree, and It Is In
recognition of this fact that the Goulds
have been trying to find a suitable
place that would also accommodate
the Western Union.
It was learned from a reliable source
yesterday that Morris Schmltt. . who,
with hi|3 brother, owns the Stock Ex
change Building on Pine street, has
had a talk with the Gould representa
tives in New York regarding a future
sale of the big stone structure. No
deal is on, but the Goulds wanted to
know whether the building could be
purchased. It Is said to be so con
structed that two more stories can be
built on It and its interior is of a char
acter that will permit a remodeling to
suit the purposes of a railroad and tele
graph company. The lease of the Stock
Exchange does not expire until next
July, but even then the Goulds would
not need the building. Their idea has
been to purchase a large building and
hold it until their heeds demand a
change of quarters for both railroad
and telegraph companies. .
\u25a0 . - • A' \u25a0
SEND FOX THEM.
Bring the Home Folks West While
Rates Are Low.
You've been thinking .about it a lons time.
Don't wait any longer.' Rates are low now
from the "East to California. The Santa Fe
will telegraph . the ticket and see that your
(oiks get special attention. The conductor will
look after them all the way to California.
$50 from New York. '. .'
533 from Chicago.
$25 from Kansas City, Low rates also from
other places. Write for them to F. W. Prince.
City Ticket Agent. Santa Fe Railway, I 603
Market street, San Francisco. •
CHOSEN TO AID
JUVENILE COURT
'Auxiliary Committees Are
Appointed by Superior
• Judge Lawlor. \u25a0
A large number of ladles and gentle
men who are interested In the welfare
of. the neglected youth of the city met
Tuesday evening In the rooms of the Cal
ifornia Club for the purpose of further
discussing a project . to • render more
adequate assistance to the Juvenile
Court, presided over by Judge Murasky.
At a meeting held at the Palace Hotel
two weeks ago it was decided that the
probation committee, provided for by
the . last Legislature, should be given
the assistance of two more committees,
one that would attend to the. work of
organization and the other to the finan
ciering of the. charitable project. .
Judge La wlor presiding, announced the
following as his appointments on these
committees: Organization committee — Jo
seph S. Tobin chairman, Mrs. J. F. Mer
rill, Mrs. M. Koshland, R. E. Queen, Clar
ence R. Walter, Mrs. J. Gallwey,- P.. C.
Rossi, Mrs. H. • 11. Hart ancL James P.-
Chamberlain; .finance committee-^-Wil
liam Haas • chairman, James B. Smith,'
Albert s I Meyer,, Rudolph Herold Jr..
Charles Carpy, Alfred Gonzales, Living
ston Jenks, Captain William Matson
and A. 'l. Esberg:.
..-These committees will act as ex-offl
clo members of the original committee.
The probation ; committee \u25a0 of . seven, ap
pointed .by the 'Judges of .the Superior
Court, Includes the : following: p. J.
Koster^ chairman, -J. # R. Pringle,\ Dr.
Dorothea Moore. ; John S. Drum, Mrs.
Margaret \u25a0 Deane,' E. W. Newhall and
Jesse W. Lillenthal. -
Merchants Publish Transact lons.
; The' Merchants' has : pub
lished the'elghth volume. of Its Review,
covering the- period';: from September,
190?, -to ; September, ,1904, with board
covers, so thatfit may serve as a means
of : convenient ; reference to what work
was performed by the Merchants' Asso
ciation } In 7. one ") year.-' The volume .Is
"heat and handy. Every member of the
Association receives a; copy.
On Thursday, October 19th
at high noon we will positively sell
50 CITY LOTS
fronting on Fifth Avenue, Sixth Avenue, I
Street and J Street 0 rV:v :: :: :: -.*.": : : --..
Jyf Is 0 J* v\ m i ¥3 0 hB S m ift 6
This property is the most promising invest-
ment ever offered the public. The Western
Addition is built right up to it. The beauti-
Vful Golden Gate Park is but a block away.
Two electric; c,ar lines reach it. You don't
have to be rich to buy a lot. We will take
the balance in I, 2, 3 and 4 years. If you
are looking for a home site this is your
chance. Every lot is on grade of street.
Perfect bitumen roads, cement walks, sew-
ers, gas and water and electricity. Go out
and see it. Take Ellis Street park and ocean
cars direct to Sixth Avenue or Haight
Street and transfer at the Park. If you
make this trip you will surely come to the .
auction. If you are after property whose
future is assured,
DON'T MISS IT
Get a little foresight at work and think
what this opportunity means. ;^::l ::
LYON & HOAG
116 Montgomery Street
STILL QUESTION'S HEWITT,
WHO WANTS MORE MONEY
Finance Committee's Expert Thinks
Regular Appropriation Sufficient
for Underground Districts.
The Supervisors* Finance Committee
yesterday resumed its Investigation into
the request of Chief Hewitt of the De
partment of Electricity for additional
funds' to keep underground districts 1,
2 and 3 in repair. A. M. Corey, an ex
pert employed by the committee to
keep tab on Hewitt's expenditures, said
that the $1500 allowed in the budget
was sufficient for the purpose intended,
as the districts are not in use.
Hewitt, however, -wants some $5000
more and Corey held that Hewitt should
utilize a special maintenance fund of
$20,000 out of which to employ cable
testers and cable splicers, which Hewjtt
said were indispensable. After a desul
tory cross-questioning, to -which Hewitt
gracefully responded, the committee
took the matter under advisement.
It would try your patience to go upon
an excursion on which the train would
be side-tracked and laid up for a day
now and then — chiefly because of the
"great cost of running every day." 13
the advertising schedule of your store
subject to this same principle? If you
run a store that way the people will
like it fully as well as they would the
excursion trip mentioned. y.. :.
Howe Club Will Give Concert.
The first Howe Club concert of the
season will take place In the Alham
bra Theater next Wednesday evening
with a chorus of 100 and an orches
tra of forty. The compositions to be
rendered are by Mozart, Mendelssohn,
Bennett, Gounod, Elchbergr, Randeggrer,
Milde, Caldlcott, Donizetti, Lavelle,
Driver and Molloy. The solos will be
taken by Mrs. -C. J. Wlel. Messrs. Ar
thur H. Barendt, Hugh \u25a0Williamson, R.
R. Mulr, H. E.~ Medley, Dr. Monroe Cal
lender and pianoforte solos by Maurice
Leon Driver." » \u25a0
VIS A GOOD GAME /
W , ftlljjL Demands a good drink— both 1
I ilrawlil before and after. The beverage jjjl)
/r\ rCr\ii^ avor aye ma^ e ' ta { %sMsf I
Rill® il BOTTLING dep't JH 35H
P^^lfe^lP^ Phone Mission 319 r^^^^l
GIGANTIC EXEMPLARS ,
ARE EXPOSED TO VIEW
Theodore' Kytka begin* Riving Testi
mony In the Samuel Davis '
Will Contest.
The unveiling: of gigantic exemplars
to be used by Theodore Kytka In an
effort to establish his contention that
the contested codicil of the will of th«
late Samuel Davis is not genuine was a
feature* in Judge Kerrigan's court yes
terday. In these exemplars there are
hundreds of fragments of the known
writings of Davis and portions of the
contested codicil placed side by side for
comparison. In them Kytka professes
to see unmistakable evidences of tho
theory of the contestants that the codi
cil is a forgery, while the proponents
of the codicil take comfort In the fact
that at least to the layman's eye ths
writing's look very much alike.
Kytka was on the stand all day. Ha
testified that he examined hundreds of
thousands of words and letters known
'to have been penned by the deceased
millionaire and also minutely exam-
ined each letter appearing In tha codicil.
His examination will occupy several
days.
TIIIIID AND LAST
Special SI.SO fSxenrstoa
For the season over tha scralo North Sfcor*
Railroad will leav* San Francisco Sunday
next. October 18 (rla Sausallto Tmxrst. at
7:45 a. m.. for Camp Meeker. Mont* Bio.
Mesa Grand* and Cazadaro BU TVaas. allow-
In y from 313 1 to 5 hours at ta* famous cot taut*
colonies on the Russian River. Every ttci(«t
Insures a seat. Get them In advanos at -630
Market street, under Chronicle bolldlns. *
Chinese Suspect Arrested.
Detective George McMahon *rr«it»d
Yee Foo, a Chinese highbinder, la
Chinatown yesterday afternoon and
locked him up in "the tanks" at ths
City Prison. He Is suipeotsd of hav
ing been implicated in tha murder of
Louis Mong, Chines* Interpreter for
the Santa Fa Railroad, at 9*re/rao about
a week ago.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
I ; :—.: — .
JOHN D. SPKECKEUS ". \u25a0 Proprietor
ADDRESS ALt, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOIXX McXAUGBT /••?• '•'" ' Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY OCTOBER 12, 1905
THE RATIFICATION.
Til]-: great meeting at the Alhambra to ratify the nomination of
Tohn S. Partridge and the joint ticket was an event of note in
our municipal politics. In defiance of the grafters it was held
en the scene of one of the administration outrages upon law and
decency. 1 The audience filled the house whose doors were unlaw
fully broken down by the police to admit a mob for the purpose of
intimidating the Republican city convention. The people crowded
the house that had been subjected to police lawlessness under pro
tection of the city government.
The president of the meeting was Joseph Sadoc Tobin, in poli
tics a Democrat, in principles an American, in practice a fearless
gentleman. When he was a candidate for Mayor, while making a
speech, a man in the crowd cried out that he was a hereditary aris
tocrat, when Tobin answered: "'My father was once a day laborer
on the streets of San Francisco, and I'm proud of it." That is the
kind of hereditary aristocrats loved by the American people.
In his introduction of Mr. Partridge Mr. Tobin said: "Is it not
the glory and hope of our democracy that those whose childhood is
so often" spent in privation, far from the rush of great cities, are so
frequently chosen to be our leaders and so often exalted to high
place among us? Without the suspicion of flattery I can say that
our young candidate is of this type, and his very life and person
ality are inconsistent with the false issue raised in this 'campaign.
With neither wealth nor influence how often has such a man proved
himself the vindication and triumph of government by the. people.
Such a man is presented to this meeting as the candidate of Repub
licans and Democrats."
The speeches were all excellent and inspiring, and the great
audience was receptive and responsive to every appeal for united
action to purge the fame of San Francisco of the foulness that makes
garbage of the city's good name.
In his exceptionally strong speech Mr. Partridge furnished the
battle cry of reform. He said: "It is no time for partisanship.
GRAFT "HAS NO PRINCIPLES AND HONESTY SHOULD
HAVE NO POLITICS. We must fight graft ; we must smash cor
ruption wherever we find it; above all things, we must not be
afraid. The enemy is wily, unscrupulous, desperate, and will stop.
at nothing. In such a fight in St. Louis hired thugs beat aged men
into insensibility; the foulest and most disgraceful lies were print
ed about Mr. Folk. But he was not afraid. He had in him fighting
blood, and he was backed by fighting men, laborers, artisans, mer
chants — and with their aid he filled the jails with the gang of
thieves and boodlers, and SL Louis and Missouri were redeemed."
Every sentence was a bugle call to duty, to labor and to sac
rifice in the cause of civic righteousness, and the people who lis
tened went out to gird them for the combat. Not for many years
has San Francisco heard as high a call to action and not for many
years has the need been as great. There is only one issue. All
others can wait. The government of San Francisco must be made
pure and then it will be powerful in all things legitimate.
When the two parties, with all their pride of partisanship, with
their widely diverse views of national policy, with their leaders in
the republic in array under opposing party banners, with their an
tagonisms in many hard battles all upon them, put it all aside and
come into cordial combination on the one issue of redemption of
the city, it is an impressive spectacle and is the only evidence re
quired'that an imperative necessity demands reform. With Partridge
and Tobin, Hickey, Brandenstein and General Woodruff speaking
from the same platform, on the same issue, in a common cause so
pressing as to wipe out their partisan differences and disputes, the
voters of San Francisco who prize decency and dignity in their
government need no further evidence and no stronger proof of
the necessity and the righteousness of joint action against the
grafters.
The list of vice presidents of the meeting shows how'far
reaching is the sentiment of union for reform. Party leaders, past
and present, the men best known as promoters of the city|s wel
fare and contributors to righteojas progress were there, anxious by
their presence and such weight as their fellow citizens ascribe to
them, to give impetus to a common cause. It was a great ratifica
tion, but only the forerunner of a greater that will be held after the
November victory. * .
THE PERMANENT EXPOSITION.
SINCE our notice of the contemplated Permanent International
Exposition in New York we are in receipt of more complete
information about the plan from the chairman' of the prelim
inary committee, Mr. George A. Bagley. * Instead of one large
building, it is proposed to have a number of fit structures, in a large
park at Verplanks Point, on the Hudson, near Peekskill, one
hour's ride from the center of New York City, and when the electric
line is finished this will be reduced to forty minutes. At the site
proposed the Hudson River makes the halfmoon curve where Hen
drik Hudson anchored his ship and was yisited by the Indians.
Across the river is Stony Point, where General Anthony Wayne
made his heroic charge upon the British fortifications in the Revo
lution. Between Verplanck and Stony points plied the "King's
ferry."' Over this the French troops passed on their way to the
battle of Yorktown and' the surrender of Cornwallis, and at Ver
plancks Point occurred the junction of the American and French
armies. Just below the point is Tappan Zee, where the British
ship Vulture waited the results of Arnold's treason.
So, in addition to its convenience, its ample space of two thou
sand acres and its grand scenery, the place for the proposed ex
position is rich in its historic associations. Ocean going steamers
can ascend the Hudson to Tappan Zee and land passengers at
the exposition grounds. It is expected that this exposition will be
ready for the world's eye in 1909, and that it will remain the most
complete evidence of the progress of the nations that has ever been
assembled.
The day of great temporary expositions has passed. Their ex
pense is too great and their existence too short. • They have been
deliberately undertaken with the sure prospect of financial loss, and,
while their educational effect has been great, they were merely
steps forward toward the greater usefulness of such a permanent
exposition as is proposed. W-*- 1
California will take a keen interest in this project, and when it
is ready it will be seen that this State is one of the greatest con
tributors to its attractions.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Colonel Watterson says: "The protective tariff is the father and mother,
•the stepbrother and the sister-in-law of the trusts.". Will the colonel please
explain who or what is the mother-in-law of the trusts? — Colorado Springs
L Gazette. .
r . . z
Depevv may well exclaim with reference to Hj'de and Alexander: "A
plague o' both your houses." With each new development the quicksand
gets a little near to Chauncey's armpits. — Chicago Record-Herald.
The discovery of a lake of whitewash in the Philippines is another
proof that nature forestalls every demand that can possibly be made upon
her by man. — Charleston (S. C.) Courier.
,The Panama Canal is having its troubles, but just wait until it runs up
against Senator Morgan's able-bodied voice again this winter. — Atlanta
Constitution.
By the way, Senator Dryden, who is going to pay $9000 rent for a
house in Washington, is in the life insurance business.— Boston. Globe.
THESAM FRANaSCO; GAUt; v THURSDAY, "OCTOBER 12, 1905.
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. WATERHOUSE
THE DOBBIXS CAMP PALL.ADIU3I.
A SORT o' sawny flve-foot-flve
strolled inter camp one day,
An' • he called a public meetin',
announcin* he would stay,
An* addressin' of that meetin'. Tils style
was somewhat neat,
Per he used some gorgeous-figgers that is
reely hard ter beat.
"My feller citerzens,'.' he sold, "I'm proud
ter meet ydu here"
The builders of a commonwealth ter me
is allers dear.
Pallajerums of liberty is all you reely
need
Ter put a polish on this camp that's
certain ter succeed.
A free, untrammeled press," he said, "is
all you're needln' now
To win a everlastin' fame, sling laurels
at your brow.
The Dobbins Camp Pallajerum, I'm
happy fer ter fitate,
I now will start— subscriptions took at
jest the usual rate."
Then Lonesome William rose an' said:
"Interpretln'i fc* them
That withers at 'pallajerums'— w'ich is
a sparklin' ge:n—
I'd merely state this cuss has come a
paper ter begin,
An* . 1 ante fifty dollars, fer ter show
I'm settin' in."
Then Slim he rose an' freely says: "I
raise you Jest an ounce,"
An' all the fellers then chipjjed in in
various amounts.
An' then we waited patient till a week
from Thursday come, '
Fer ter see the openin' issue of- that there
Pallajerum,
An' when at las' the paper come it's
painful fer terj tell
Of how that sawny five-foot-five had
fired his shot and shell.
Fir he'd started in presoomin' that he'd
. give old Sin a cramp,
An' -chawed up several citerzens, some
prom'nent in the camp.
"Shall we have hellholes in our miilst?"
his leadin' effort run. (
"Ah, no!".' he. answered then himself, "we
mus' not have a one!
Shall we have desperaders that is fre
quent on the shoot?
Not by rid means!" he then replied. "Seen
folks has got to scoot!"
An* 'fore he got done writin' he called
some men by name.
Which, havin' yearnin's fer ter live, I
wouldn't do the same.
'Twas a painful sitlwation presented .to
us then,
An* sev'ral leadin' citerzens and num'r
ous prom'nent men.
They called a little meetin' fer to argue
on the case,
Fer they jedged, with some o' sadness
that the cuss had missed his place.
They voted quite unanermous, them dls
-\u25a0—'appointed men,
The cuss had better , mosey on an' drop
his gifted pen.
The subsekent perceedin's then some
folks might jedge was wrong.
But that Pallajerumnal chap, he did not
linger long. , . —
"I s'pose," said Lonesome William, sad,
"you'd read your title clear.
But heaven prob'ly is your Held; it reely
is not here."
He argued some, that five-foot-five, that
freedom was his star-
But when he galloped o'er the hill his
garments were' of tar.
I still., indorse pallajerums; a free press
is y t he- thing- -• '"'" ' :
To keep the world a-movin' in a greased
an'- easy ring;" .
A man should have a right- ter say the
things he feels he should.
An' I'm not here a*urgln' that seen con
duct is not good, V,
But I coyly wish ter mention, wen a cuss
would lift the- race,
That he'd better be some cautious in
selectin' of the place.
At.FAL.FA PHILOSOPHY.
They's many a man 'at wishes , 'at the
world wouid' reckergnize him at his
reel worth 'at would be dum sorry cf it
did.
I can understand man's accidents, but
God's accidents beat me. Fer instance,
why should a mere fool be the heir to old
Billyun's millions?
Wen I got hard up my Uncle Richman
said he regretted deeply 'at all his money
was in urgent use; my Uncle Poorman
said, "How much do you need?" Prob'ly
that's how one of them come to be my
Uncle Richman, but— do you want to gel
your money in that way?
The feller 'at says the most don't al
ters do the most. I've noticed 'at the
heifer 'at bawls the loudest ain't allers
the one 'at gives the most milk.
They say 'at they's a divinity 'at
watches over*fools an' drunken men, but
I've seen times w'en I wished it would
pay less 'tention to its business.
My son knows more'n I do to-day, but
I'm waitin' patiently fer a few years to
pass.
BILLY IX THE COUNTRY.
Bifiy's been to our house. The first day
that he came
He took his gran'ma's spectacles and pul
•verized the same.
He said he merely wanted to find out
how glass was made,
But that he never ascertained I really am
afraid.
He drove the spotted heifer till she was
like to faint,
And he covered the piano with a coat of
gaudy paint. \
He took the clock to pieces with a shout
'. of merry glee—
Oh, yes, he had a lovely time, as any one
can see. . \u25a0\u25a0''-.
Billy's been to our house-rthe , simple
fact I state. • v • '
He touched a match unto 'the hay, and
said the fire was great;
He fought with little Tommy, by pugil
ism led, :'-: ':. '\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084
And I'm really pained to mention that
Tommy's still in bed;
He tied the cat to his balloon— l still can
hear her wail, .
The while she clawed the atmosphere
when wafted by a gale; . , .
He broke his arm in pieces two and took
the homeward tr&ck, ' . ..
And I hope, if heaven's willing; that he
never will come back. ,
V WISE WILLY.
His Aunt (very ugly)— So you
won't tell me what you think of
me. Why not? \u25a0 ' v
' Willy (aged s)— lf I did. I guess
I'd get licked. • r ! i\
BRAINS PLUS BEAUTY.
Attractive Business Woman That Does Not
r-\ 1/ I) i CJ l^ I d IC- I ICI MU Vul I lUfcC 10
DOROTHY FEMIMORE
[. S a woman justified in trading tipon her personal charms in business? Is
it refined and womanly for her to do so? Is it ethical?' Is' it business
like? (
The other day when lunching down town I overheard this edifying scrap
of conversation between two business women who were evidently discujss-
ing a third whose beauty and success
were equally remarkable.
Said the first: "Do you know, she's
awfully vain? s It is really amusing to
see what pains she takes to keep her
face, powdered and her hair arranged."
"But that's business," objected the
other, in a tone of surprise.
That it is business for a woman who
works to make herself as. attractive
as possible one learns from question
ing the head of any agency office. A
pretty girl of average ability ha(* twice
the chance of getting a. good position
that a plain one of superior talents
possesses. A handsome, well-dressed
woman succeeds as a canvarner, or a
book agent, where another whose ap
pearance is less prepossessing falls.
The demand for good-looking office
girls- exceeds the supply. . Brains plus
beauty is a commodity more than twice
as marki table as plain brains.
There are subtle reasons for this,
as well as that obvious reason that
mortal man enjoys. tho sight and prox
imity of dainty womanhood. There Is
involved an important question of per
sonality. A pretty girl has learned
assurance from the homage to which
stio has been accustomed from her
birth. She is not easily embarrassed..
She Is accustomed to having others do
her will.
The offlco gets an esthetic benefit
from tho salary that ia paid her, in ad
dition to the material one of work per
formed, for she spends a good part of
her «:arning|T in personal adornment.
Besides the presence of an attractive
woman in ;ui office helps to create a
cheerful atmosphere. Tho mere sight
of her beauty is refreshing, and does
11 great deal to relieve the deadly dullness of the sordid grind.
Charm is distinctly a business asset, and the business woman who has it and
does not appreciate the ad\ f antage' which it gives her is either a saint or a sim
pleton; and neither of these individualities is likely to succeed in the commercial
world. , ' ' • •
At the same time, having charm, and us*ing it as any other of her talents, she
must be very much of a philosopher, or something of a cynic not to let the acid
of humiliation bite into her pride now and then because it is her femininity which
assures her success, instead of the surpassing quality of her attainments.
This is a drop of bitterness which does not spoil the savor of her plainer sis
ter's cup of pleasure at success; the plain woman who wins from genuine worth.
If she wins in competition with men it is because she is the "best man" in the
field. She wins in spite of her sex, and not because of it. There can be no ele
ment of self-scorn, therefore, in her self-congratulation.
But this does not alter the fact* that fora, woman worker an attractive ap
pearance is capital for her as much as are her ability and her bank account.
HE HAD HIS LIFE INSURED
AN ordinary citizen
A morning paper read. *
"Murder in Harlem," "Crime in Bronx,"
The cheerful headlines said,-' V
"Three Holdups," "Seven Burglaries,"
"How Can the Scourge Be ' Cured?"
("Gee!" said the nervous citizen,
"I'll get my life insured.")
And so the man betook him to
The Wrequitable Life. _^>
A masked man met him with a gun;
_ Another held a knife
And hissed, "Hands up!" And when the purse
Was thus by force secured
They dropped him gently to the street—
He'd had his life insured!
And now that reckless citizen
Fares boldly forth at night.
"Q burglars, come and talk to me!"
He says in tones polite.
"Go through my pockets if you wish;
They're empty as a gourd.
I'm not afraid of robbers now —
I've had my life insured!"
EXPRESSION OF FEELING.
WALLACE RICE
SAVAGE man, unless carefully schooled and by way of exception, gives way
to his feelings freely and frequently. Civilized man, on the contrary, is con
tinually taught to suppress every evidence of feeling.
In the highest society, especially among English-speaking peoples, every pub
lic evidence of sentiment is rigorously frowned upon.
It Is a perfectly well ascertained fact that with the suppression of external
evidence* of feeling goes suppression of the feeling itself. If a man were to set
his will against smiling and laughing through an extended period of time it would
end in atrophy of the sense of the ridiculous— he. would Jjecome as serious in
mind as in countenance. Probably there has never been a more striking instance
of this than among a large class of New England people of the old stock.
• The Puritan set his mind on the next world. This mundane sphere of ours
was nothing more to him than a place of preparation for the joys of paradise—
or the other place, without Joys. Worldly things grew to be unimportant in his
inmost soul, and the more they savored of this world the less important they
were. He was kept sane In all likelihood by having to work so hard to wrest
*a living from a stubborn soil.
One reads that, there is neither marrying, nor giving in marriage hereafter, and
by a parity of reasoning there would be little recollection in the next world of
pother ties of relationship^ 1 As a result, in New England, as among»ascetlc peoples
everywhere, marriage was regarded as more or less of an Imperative duty. As a
duty it must be, but that was no reason for growing sentimental over it. Feelings
were suppressed. j
It has. always seenjed to me that the result has been to eliminate feeling from
a large und important, almost a ruling, class among Americans. It certainly has
done away with much expression of feeling. Men may grow to regard one an
other with intense affection and be bound by the most complete ties of friendship,
yet hesitate about showing it by any outward sign. . .
It also seems to me that life Is too short for that sort of thing. None of us
makes so many friends that he" can afford to let friendship go unacknowledged
by tender and trustful words and signs. . \u2666
In reason, affection should be shown, and shown frequently. It is the most
preciouiTthing in the world.. * > - -;\u25a0
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES.
ARTHUR LYNCH-M. . P., 'Riverside,
Cal. Colonel Arthur Lynch was elected
to Parliament In. November, 1901, before
the close of the BoerwarA
PROBLEMS— II. R.,~ Petaluma, Cal.
This department does not answer ques
tibns in arithmetic -or solve problems.
The question asked is one in arithmetic.
GRAlN— Subscriber, Willows, Cal. For
such information J as you desire about
grain address a letter of inquiry to the
experimental station, University of Cali
fornia, Berkeley. '«p
MASTER AND PILOT— J. L., City.
The master of a vessel with a pilot on
board has still the ; management of the
vessel and sees rthat she is kept in the
course the pilot directs. •;. " •
WHEN" INTRODUCED— Subscriber,
City. If "a youngr lady: has been ; pre
sented to la: young gentleman, and .at
the parting he expresses "pleasure at
having met her,'/ ; it would -be discreet
in her to say she enjoyed his: company
during: the time they were in each
other's company. 'and stop there. -No
—New York Globe.
"young: lady" should say more on the
occasion '. of a first . meeting. The lady
mayy; have been "captured" by the
"young -gentleman" fit the first meet
ing-, but it is the part of discretion for
the ."young lady" to ascertain-~some
thing about the "young gentleman" be
fore she becomes more effusive. \
THE GOLDEN GATB— N/.H. 8., City.
The deepest ; point "in 'Golden Gate
Straits, \ San ' Francisco, : on a direct line
between Fort Point * and Lime Point is
324' feet, on a lino between. Point Lobos
and; Point Bonita the deepest is 150
feet, and at a point-between~these~ two
lines there is a. depth of 37$ feet.
PROTECTION— A - Subscriber, City. An
alien may, become a citizen of the United
States i upon ) proper showing, and while
traveling abroad he will be protected by
the United Spates except, in the matter
of an obligation .ho owes to j his mother
ccuntry .' before becoming a citizen of the
United. States. If a man owing militaty
service. to his. mother country should be
come a citizen of this country and 1 then
In 'after years visit his native home, h! he
Human Ostrich
This Woman
AT the Salop Infirmary a woman sue
' cumbed to an operation the other
day which brought to light one of
the strangest collections of miscellaneous
objects that ever found lodgment in a hu
man stomach, says the London corre
spondent of the New York Sun. This is
a list of them as catalogued by the sur
i geon who performed the operation:
Thiriy-two hairpins.
Nineteen nails. . ,
Seventeen fragments of glass.
. Fourteen needles.
Four horseshoe nails.
Two pieces of chalk.
One hook.
j The woman, the wife of a poor man.
was first admitted to the infirmary suf
fering from an injury to her thumb which
necessitated it.s amputation.- She returned
to her home much depressed In spirits
and there her condition grew steadily
worse. At last she acknowledged to her
husband that some three weeks before
she had began swallowing various articles
with the intention of putting an end -to
her existence. He had been such a good
husband to her, she said, that she felt the
least she could do for him was to relieve
him of the burden of her support.
Every time she swallowed one of the
queer things, she said, she hoped that
death would speedily ensue, but after the
hook railed to kill her she had been forced
to the conclusion that she could not rid
herself of life by such jneans. When she
was again admitted to the infirmary it
was found that in addition to the strange
diet she had adopted ahe wa3 sufft ring
from an Internal tumor. She died within
a few hours after the operation had been
performed.
(J(JAL\T nfifAi'HS.
Epitaphs, by a curious irony, have
always been fruitful inspirers ol laugh
ter. Here are a couple taKen from "iler
Own People," by B. *~. Croker:
She wus in iicului at 11:3U a. in.,
And left for heaven at 2:30 p.- m.
Here lies the body of Obadiah Wilkin
son and Ruth his wife.
Their warfare is accomplished.
Talking of epitaphs reminds us of
one or two excellent specimens given
by G. W. E. Russell in his "Collections
and Recollections."
For example, here is one on an in
fant's grave in Eglingham Churchyard,
Northumberlund:
"When the archangel's trump shall
blow
And souls to bodies join,
Thousands will wish their life below
Had been as brief as mine."
In Winchester Cathedral yard:
In Memory of_
Thomas Thatcher^
a Grenadier of the Ninth Regiment
of Hants Militia. Who Died of a
Violent Fe'-er, Contracted by Drinking
Small Beer When Hot. the 12th of May,
1769. Aged 25 Years.
In Grateful Remembrance of
Whose Universal y
Good Will Toward His Comrades
This Stone
Is Placed Here at Their Expense
As a Small
Testimony of Their Regard and
Concern.
Here sleeps in peace a Hampshire gren
adier
Who caught his death by drinking cold
small beer.
Soldiers, be wise from his untimely fall.
And when ye're hot, drink strong or
none at all. *
This memorial, being, decayed, was
restored by the officers of the garrison
.A. D. 1781:
An honest; soldier never is forgot
Whether he died by., musket or by pot.
— London News.
EXTENSION FISHES.
Former Ambassador Joseph H. Choate
recently told a story of an Englishman
and a Scotchman who were swapping fish
tales while dining with a number of
friends.
The Briton related the tall story of a
fish he had landed whose alleged meas
urements were such that every one pres
ent smiled, though none ventured to ex
press doubt as to the truth of the ac
count. The Scot, in his turn, related a
yarn. He had, he averred, once caught
a fish that he had been unable to pull in
alone, managing to land It at last only
with the aid of two friends. "It was
a skate, and four or five feet long," de
clared the Scot, in the solemnest of
tones. Silence followed this extraordin
ary statement, during which the Briton,
offended, left the table. The host fol
lowed. After returning he said to the
Scotchman: "Sir, you have insulted my
friend. You must apologize."
"1 didna insult hlm.'N said the Scot
"Yes, you did," indignantly responded
the host, "with that confounded story of
a skate four or five feet long." v
"Weel," finally said the offender, slow
ly and with the air of one making a
great concession, "tell him if he will take
a few feet off his fish I will see what 1
can 'do with 'mine."— Harper's Weekly.
ERRORS IN COMPLIMENTS.
"It Is always a fatal mistake to pay
a compliment to a woman at the ex
pense of her good looks," said Israel
Ziingwill. "In London last season a
young English swell was caught in the
trap of conscientious compliment. It
so happened that he was seated at the
table between a distinguished author
ess and a famous' beauty. In an effort
to be agreeable to both ladie3 he said:
" 'Am I not fortunate in being thus
placed between beauty and talent?'
" 'Not so very fortunate,' replied the
authoress, with a black look, 'since you
possess' neither one nor the other." "
had not performed the military service he
could be impressed Into the army, and the
United States would not interfere.
LIQUOR SALOONS— Subscriber, City.
The statement that "San Francisco has a
greater number of liqu6r saloons than
any other city in the Union" is not true.
A supplemental report issued from the
census office of the United States shows
that at the close of 1903 there were in
New York City 10,537 saloons, in Chicago
7017 and in San • Francisco 3173.
COUNTERBLAST— A. O. S., Oakland.
Gal. King James ; I of England in his
counterblast condemning the use of to
bacc6.wrote:, "The smoking of tobacco U
a custome loatsame to the eye, hateful to
the nose, harmfull to the bralne, danger
ous to the lungs and. in the blacke stink
ing fume thereof neerest resembling the
horrible Stigian smoake of the pit that is
bottomless." The counterblast was writ
ten In 1616. . - " . .
CANNON BALL— N. NY, City. "How
much : a cannon ball will droy the first
second after leaving the mouth of a can
non" If the piece is tired at the horizon
tal" ;' is a question that can only be
worked out when there Is given the size
of i the, cannon, the weight of the pro
jectile, the quality of powder used and
the initial velocity.
Townaend's California since fruits
and choicest candies in artistic , fire
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Cltpping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Call
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041. *
The Smart Set
SALLY SHARP
Miss Ardella Mills will entertain
through the season with a series of
card parties, the first to take place to
day on California street, where Mr. and
Mrs- Mills have taken a house for tha
winter. To-day's pastime will consist
of the ever popular bridge, several
tables to.be filled with players.
Mrs James C. Crawford will b« at
home to-day at her residence, 2115
Baker street.
• • */'
Miss Evelyn Clifford will be th«
honored guest at a tea to-day given by
Miss Alma Thane.
• • •
Mrs. Frederick Arthur Honseworth
entertained an assemblage of forty
guests yesterday afternoon at her
pretty home on Central avenuo. Five
hundred occupied the time until a late
hour, prizes being distributed with the
serving of refreshments.
The house was prettHy decorated
with smilax. gracefully twined about
the receDtlon rooms, palms and po«e.l
plant* tilling the halls and dining
rooms. Mrs. Houseworth I* entertain
ing her sister. Miss Imogen Kirk, of
Sacramento.
•• . •
Mrs. A. B. McCloskey. who has re
cently returned from h»»r summer out
ing, has issued invitations for a
musical evening at home next Satur
day. The affair will be held in Mrs.
McCloskey's beautiful studio. Sunset
avenue, on College Heights, and among
the attractions of the evening will be
Master Harold Forma*, the soprano.
• • •- /- • '_«-
Mrs. Grayson Dutton was hostess at
an informal bridge party yesterday
afternoon, entertaining twenty-four
guests In her. apartments at St. Dun
s tan's.
•• • V'; # - r ',• ' "":
Miss May Foulkes was one of yester
day's hostesses entertaining at a tea In
honor of her cousin, L^rs. Hall D. Rob
inson of Tennessee. *
Miss Foulkes* home on Flllmore street
was filled with guests to meet Mrs. Rob
inson.
• ; •. -. • •
Mrs. John McGaw entertained at an in
formal reception last Monday at her
home on Green street in honor pf the Ala
bama delegates to the U. D. C. conven
tion. The visitors were greeted by sev
eral guests, among whom wer»» Mrs.
'Selden S. Wright. Mrs. John Mannen
McClure. Mrs. Walter D. Mansfield, Mrs.
O. D. Baldwin and many others.
.• • •
Miss Alice Schroth and Miss Florence
Schroth were luncheon hostesses at their
new home, 13X9 Green street, on Monday,
entertaining ten guests.
Pink was used as the prevailing color
scheme, the table being very effective in
Its decoration of roses, ribbons and deli
cately tined candelabra, -trtth name cards
of dainty hand-painted designs.
The guests included Mrs. I* R. Ellert.
Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard, Mrs. A. P. Van
Duzer. Mrs. Clyde Payne, Mrs. O. Hund.
Mrs. F. Kelly, Mrs. Charles Goodall and
Mrs. Byron Mauzy.
• • *
Lieutenant Douglas McArthur sails to
day on the Korea for his new station in
the Orient.
• • •
Mjss Elsie Dorr, whose marriage to Lieu
tenant Claude Brigham will take place
October 18, is spending a few days in the
country- Upon her return Miss Dorr will
entertain Miss Ruth Ifoster of Los An
geles, who is coming to San Francisco
for the wedding.
»-, •\u0084..•-. • . . ,
Mr. and Mrs. Bertody W. Stone are at
home from a trip to Soledad, where they
spent a delightful fortnight enjoying camp
life.
• • m
Mrs. Thomas J. Kirk, wife of State Su
perintendent of Schools T. J. Kirk, is the
guest of her daughter. Mrs. Frederick
Arthur Houseworth, in this city.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas J. Driscoll (Alice
Bacon> who are at the St. Francis, are
fairly being besieged with attention from
their friends who are hastening with
greetings. Mr. and Mrs. Driscoll ar
rived Tuesday, having spent all the time
since their marriage la3t January In Eu-
Byron Hot Springs continues to be a
favorite resort for QUtomobilists. and
among those who made the run last Sat
urday, remaining until Monday, were:
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Pierce of Davis
ville; Mr. and Mrs. George Metcalf. Mrs.
Thomas R. Bacon. John B. Metcalf of
Berkeley, Mr. and Mrs. N. . Harris and
son. Mrs. Etta Chadburn, Mr. and Mrs.
Roy I* McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Porter Bishop, of San Francisco.
Other prominent arrivals were: Mr.
Rudolph Shaffter of San Francisco, Mr.
and Mrs. S. "W. "Wllcox of Hawaiian Is
lands, Fay W. Adams of San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Braden, Mr. and
Mrs. John S. Wilson. Miss Helen Wilson,
Mrs-. A. R. Eddy of Washington, D. C;
Mrs. W. H. Reed of Chico. CaL, and W.
E. Sharon.
A WITTY MORALIST.
"Mrs. Poultney Bigelow," eaid a New
York woman/ "Is a favorite in English
society. At Cannes, in London, and in
the country she is equally popular.
"Mrs. Bigelow la a moralist— a witty
moralist. A millionaire whisky dealer
showed her one day a photograph of a
new house that he had built In Hert3.
" Tell me what to call it. won't you?'
he said. "I am hesitating between Gora
hall. Page hall and" Stanley hall. What
do you advise?'
"Mrs. Bigelow said calmly.
** 'I would advise Alcohol.' '*
TILL ETERNITY.
The Rev. Dr. P. S. Henson, pastor of
Tremont Temple, was met by a friend
in one of. the big department stores
'while doing" some holiday shopping.
"Good day, doctor; what are you do
ing- here?" he asked. >
Dr. Henson, who had been delayed
some time, replied: "I can best answer
your question with the -words of the
text. Job xiv., 14: 'All the days of my
appointed time will I wait till my
change come.' "" — Chicago Inter Qvcaa.
TRUE.
To sit upon a Jury
"Most every man has fitness.
But it takes a skillful lawyer
To sl^ upon a witness.
— Philadelphia Press.
[ REQUIRES IMAGINATION.
Smith— lf Ruyter la hard ud and
his books don't sell, why don't you
give him a job in your office? ,
Jones— lf he can't succeed as a
novelist he hasn't enough imagina
tion for the real estate business.MISS BATCHELDER BECOMES A BRIDE
MOONLIGHT WEDDING SUGGESTS OLD ,-TAPESTPV
PROMIXEXT YOUNG SOCIETY PAIR WHO WERE WEDDED AT ONE OF THE STATELY MANSIONS AT MENLO LAST NIGHT,
THE CEREMONY TAKING PLACE UNDER THE RAYS OP THE MOON, AND ALL THE EFFECTS BEING OF THE COLO
NIAL PERIOD.
i _________^ — — — — — — — — — — — — ________^^_^_^__
SALLY SHARP
A wedding under the moon, with its
eilver light falling upon a garden fair as
Fontainebleau; upon the lovely young
bride and her guard of honor; and cpon
ihe gay throng of friends gathered upon
the lawn to rejoice in the newest triumph
of love — such was the wedding of Miss
Doris Batchelder and De Lancy Lewis,
celebrated last night at Menlo Park, at
the splendid Batchelder home among the
oaks.
From early sunset guests were arriv
ing from San Jose— the home of the groom
—and from this city and the Alameda
tide of the bay, and were met at the
cepot by carriage and motors.
At the fall of twilight thousands of
Tairy lights gleamed from the bearded
c;.ks that encircle the home and that
m retch away to the brook that sings
through the gardens.
Not since the uniting of Flora Sharon
V/d Sir Thomas Hesketh was so beauti
ful a wedding service seen in old Menlo
—thirty years ago — the scene of the most
brilli&r.t social affairs of the West.
A colonial wedding was this of last
night— and to the smallest detail was it
colonial. The service was read beneath
the portico of the colonial home by
Dr. Lewis, father of the groom, and a
retired Episcopal divine.
The briday party, arrayed in the pic
turesque garb of ye colonial days, toned
and Eoftened in the moonlight, wrought a
picture not unlike an old tapestry. The
bride's rob« was of eoftest cream satin
beneath an exquisite lace drape, long an
heirloom in the Batchelder's family.
With dextrous fingers, this was draped
over the bodice, and over the hips, form-
GRAPE-XXTS.
THE ARMY RATIOX.
A Good Suggestion From an Old Sol-
dier.
The Government lias been experiment-
ing tor some years seeking a condensed
food to be used by soldiers in case of
emergency when the army shall cut loose
from its base of supplies and cast off its
<vagon trains and the troops shall carry
tlielr rations for a number of days in
their haversacks. While some progress
has ,beeu made the problem has not yet
solved-
A veteran from the Civil War. writing
from New England. 6ays in this connec-
tion:
•I have been using Grape-Nuts food
for rome time, and my liking for it In-
creases with use. I flr.d It extremely
palatable and not only digestible, but an
aid to the digestion of other food which
used to srive rue trouble.
"What has particularly struck me Is
the fact that a very Email quantity of
it is sufficient for an entire meal-
that 1 really need no other food. It
is my custom to begin my breakfast
, with two heaping tableepoonfuls of
Grape-Nuts with cream. By the time I
\u25a0 have eaten that I find that ray appetite
lias been completely satisfied. I feel the
" comfortable sensation of one who rta»
breakfasted wisely and well and while I
sometimes eat a little of other things, I
do It more as a matter of habit than any-
thing else. I find that I can go till noon
•on'the two tableepoonfuls of Grape-Nuts
and cream alone, and what is also an im- |
plirtant consideration, without any un-
comfortable sense of fullness Euch as 1 !
usually feel when I eat my old style
« breakfast. Especially is this so If I drink
B cup of good, hot Postum Coffee with
the meal, for I must confess the old kind I
of coffee fills me full of gas and discom- j
fort for some hours after I drink st. |
"Now It has occurred to me that Grape- J
Nuts food ought to be added to the army
ration for th« reason that It furnishes so
much satisfying, nourishing food In such
1 .*mall bulk. A soldier with a package of
Grape-Tsuts In his haversack would have
a food supply adequate for several days j
\u25a0»^.f marching and fighting. It wouldn't
f take up much room, and the weight Is
• nothing."
"There's a reason."
Look in each pkg. for the famous little
book. 'The Road to Wcllville."
ing Quaint paniers and part of the splen
did court train. Over all fell a film of
white tulle, soft and vaporous as the
mists of the morning. "
Accompanying the bride were nine
bridesmaids and two little pages— Miss'
Jean Howard. Miss Beatrice Simpson,
Miss Josephine Dunning, Miss Margery
Lynch, Miss Alysse Warner. Miss Anna
Bard, Mies Ruth Casey, Miss Miriam
Harris and Miss Phyllis Moulton, all
dainty maids in the fetching low bodices,
patches and paniers of the period, while
the little pages— Kittridge Batchelder
and Howard Goodwin— were winsome at
tendants in white satin knee-breeches and
lace waistcoats.
George Batchelder, father of the bride,
gave her into the tender keeping of the
groom, who was attended by Richard
Batchelder. •
The ushers— a dashing lot of chaps
were Austin Sperry, Raymond Moore,
Frank Corbusier, Fred Harkncss, Carl
Shoonmaker, Harry Lack and Archie
Perrln. /
The wedding service over, an informal
reception was held on the veranda, as
wag the wont of brides in the balmy
South, and as California is wooing them
to do— in her soft Indian summer.
The bride, who is said to resemble her
mother, who was a Klttridge, is a maid
of strong qualities— a head and heart girl,
whose love for the free life of the country
side has held her above the limitations
of the swirl of society. Infinitely prefer
ring a gallop across country to the in
anities of tea-table chatter.
The groom is an interesting chap, of
perfect manners and is a deep student,
having been graduated from Harvard and
having taken a post-graduate course at
Stanford last year.
One of the prettiest features of this
distinctively pretty wedding was the
singing of the rollicking songs of Stan
ford by college mates of Mr. Lewis.
And thus, under the silver moon of soft
California night, was the wedding of
Doris Batchelder and De Lancy Lewis
celebrated— and a picture long to linger
in the memory of the .countryside, as the
prettiest wedding since Flora Sharon
gave her hand to the gallant young Eng
lishman who had wooed her so ardently.
OUTGOING MISSIONARIES ARE
GIVKX A GREAT RECEPTION
Large Assembly Gatbem at Emanuel
Baptist Church to Wt»h .Men
and Women Godspeed.
A big reception was given last night
to the outgoing missionary party of
the American Baptist Missionary Un
ion at Emmanuel Baptist Church, Bart
lett street. The Rev.. James Sunder
land, D.D., presided and introduced the
twenty missionaries to the large as
semblage that gathered to bid them
godspeed.
Several of the missionaries told of
the gr/^it desire that had come over-!
them to serve God on the missionary
field, leaving many dear ones behind,
but ready to make any sacrifice to take
the gospel into foreign lands.
The members of' the party will sail
to-day on the Korea and will disperse
as follows:,
Kobe. Japan— Rev. C. B. "Tenny, Mrs. C. B.
Tenny. Sendal. Japan — Miss Amy Acock.
Shirnonesekl. Japan — Mies Inga Petterson. Ja
l»an — Miss Eva Kolman, Huchow, China — Rev. j
J. T. Prootor. Mrs. J. T. Proctor. Hang Tang. :
China— Dr. liiDille Bretthauer. China — Rev.-
Charles G. Lewis, Mrs. Charles G. Lewis. Swa
tow. China — Rev. George \V. Lewis, Mrs.
George W. Lewis, Mis* Martha Cover.t. Ning- '
no China — Rev. A. L. Fraser, Mr«. A. L.
Frauor. Burma— Ttov. George R. Dye. Philip
pine Islands— Rev. P. H. J. Lerrlgo. M. D.,
Mr* P. H. J- Lerrlgo, Miss Margaret Buman, 1
Miss Anna Jenkins of the Southern Baptist I
Board. \u25a0."-!•!
Mr*. Dannies: Encounters Burglars.
When Mrs. T. L. Banning returned
to her home at 253 Bartlettt street yes
terday afternoon, she met a man com
ing down the back stairs. He told
her he bad come down from the upper
flat. On entering her dining-room, she
found all her silverware packed up in
a bundle. She ran Into the street,
where she recognized the man she had
seen on her back steps. She gave chaso
and caught htm at Twenty-third and
Mission streets. He succeeded in break-
Ing away from her and made his es
cape. * " -
THE \u25a0 .SAN FRANCISCO CALL;. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. .»05.
GOULD EASILY
BEATS RAMSEY
TOLEDO, Ohio, Oct. 11.— The folowing
directors were chosen to-day by the bond
holders of the Wabash road; Thomas H.
Hubbard, E. T. Jeffery, John L. Terry,
Winslow S. Pierce. R. M. Galloway, Ed
gar T. Welles.
• Total vote cast, 260,35 a .
Vote for each of the above directors,
228,510. Vote for Joseph Ramsey Jr..
31,840.
Dfrectors chosen by the stockholders:
S. C. Reynolds, George J. Gould, Russeli
Sage, W. B. Sanders, R. C. Clowry, W.
R. Blodgett.
Total vote cast, 499,509. '
Vote for each of the above directors,
461.467. /
Vote for Joseph Ramsey,, Jr., 38,042.
Director elected by the twelve named
above, F. A. Delano. • f
Josepn Ramsey Jr. failed completely to
day in his effort to wrest control of tne
Wabash system from George J. Gould.
Not only was he unanimously defeated in
all he undertook, but he was forced from
the directory of the road and now has
nothing whatever to do with its manage
ment in any manner. He put up a hard
fight and struggled gamely to the last,
but was so hopelessly in the minority
that he never had a chance. He filed
protests all through the meeting, not with
the reason, as he afterward declared, of
being an obstructionist, but because\he
desired to lay the foundation , for any
contest that might hereafter be made.
He took his defeat In a philosophical man
ner. '
Gould was highly pleased at the out
come, although he showed his feelings
less in words than by his manner and
hearty laugh as he contemplated the fig
ures showing the result.
Just before the announcement of the
final vote electing the directors was an
nounced, Judge Doyle, speaking, for Ram
sey, filed a | formal protest against the
election, as directors of the Wabash
road, of, Russell Sage" and George J.
Gould on the ground that they are di
rectors of the Missouri road which is a
competing line of the Wabash. Hla
protest was placed on file.
Every day In this city some business
'•changes hands," which means, that It
changes "heads." You may have your
name over a shop door a week from
now if you watch and use the want ads.
Calitoruinn* in Jievr York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— The following
Californians have arrived in New
From San Francisco— J. C. Campbell,
at the Cadillac; M.D. Garratt, B. B.
Holaday. at the Hotel Seville; P. Mohr
dleck. at the Herald Square; C. K. Mo
ses, at the Hotel Victoria; J. N. Peter
son, Miss A. Peterson, at the, Martha
Washington; R. B. Carr, at the Hol
land; J. M. Chase, at the Rossmore Ho
tel; E. J. Johnstone and wife, at the
Victoria; A. H. Isaacs, at the Broadway
Central; F. V. Nelson and wife, at the
Park Avenue; Mrs. O'Brien, at the Ho
tel Navarre; A. Parson, at the Cosmo
politan; W. R. Quick, at the Murray
Hill; F. R- Sprague, at the New Am
sterdam; E. C. Thurston, at the Hol
land. " A
- From Los Angeles — K. T. Dent, at the
Broadway Central; M. Kelly, at the
Grand Union; Mrs. N. F. Wilson, at the
Imperial; B. Hinton. at the Continental.
Delegates Enjoy an Outing.
STOCKTON, Oct. Hi— To-day the Su
preme Council of the U. P. E. C. had a
vacation from routine duties. 1 ' The aft
ernoon was spent at Elntracht Parki
the grounds being crowded with mer
ry-makers. Dancing, concert: muslo
and general sociability continued until
SCHOOL PLANS
ARE REVISED
Works Board Submits Re
duced Estimates for , the
New Washington Grammar
CUTS OUT .jMUCH WOEK
Resolution for Paving Cali
. fornia Street, Between Ma
son 'and Jones, Rescinded
The Board of Works yesterday received
from City Architect Shea revised, plans
for the proposed new Washington Gram
mar school building so as to bring the
cost thereof within, the $119,000 available
under the bond issue. The lowest bid
heretofore received was $215,000 and the
plans have now been revised to reduce
the cost, so that common . brick will be
substituted for the exterior atone and
pressed brick work; that the iron stair
ways, will be eliminated; the steel roof
replaced' by a wooden one; the heating
and ventilating piant omU^-d and no pro
vision made for tinting and painting and
ga.s pipes. The new plans practically
provide for the bare wali» of the structure
and were at once submitted to the Board
of Education for approval.
Shea reports tha^ $13,000 must be ex
pended to grade tho site, which is of a
peculiar character, and he did not think
it advisable to reduce the size of the
building, as sixteen class-rooms are re
quired.
The board also sent to the Board of
Education ior approval plans for the
Laguna Honda ecnool of twelve rooms, to
be erected, on Sixth avenue, between 1
and J street at a cost of $31,000, and the
plans of an eight-room brick schoolhouse
for the Sunnyslle district on Hearst ave
nue near Forester street to cost $54,000.
The board rescinded its resolution
adopted last Saturday ordering the re
pairing of California street, between Ma
son ajid Jones. Maestretti objected to
the resolution on the ground that the
work was not specifically provided for
in the bond issue and that it was il
legal because it'was passed at the meet
ing called only for the purpose of grant
ing the Ocean Shore Railway Company a
permit to begin construction work>
Contracts were awarded tp Flynn &
Treacy to repair bitumen pavements in
the Mission district for $3000 and to
Thomas Clark to construct stone side
walks on Clement street, between Third
and Ninth avenues.
The boara" appointed William Morgan,
Edward McDade, Oscar Haupt and Bert
Mullin as draughtsmen and Tracy Cum
mings, stenographer.
The board ordered bids invited for
building a bridge on Mount Vernon ave
nue and for repairing Larkin street from
Hayes to McAllister and Harrison street
from Fourth to Sixth.
Property owners on Kentucky street,
from Army to Railroad avenue, and Third
avenue, between Clement and California,
were notified to put their sidewalks in
good' condition.
The Southern Pacific Company with
drew its petition for closing Dunshee
street.
C. E. Loss was granted a permit to lay
a temporary track on Army street in
connection with construction work for
the Ocean Shore Railway Company.
WIRELESS TEI-ECUAPII CO.
EIIECTS AX IMMENSE TOWER
Structure Welffhine: . More Than One
Hundred Tout Is Plnced on
Mount TnmnlpalH.
The Pacific Wireless Telegraph Com
pany completed the first of two towers
three hundred feet high on Mount Ta
malpais on Tuesday evening.
Considerable interest attaches to this
work because it is the initial station
of this company in the vicinity of San
Francisco and for the further reason
that this tower, weighing more than
one hundred tons.iwas put together and
raised in one completed section. The
proposition was passed upon by many
prominent engineers of the Pacific
coast and they were unanimous in, the
opinion that it could not be done.
There Is yet 1 to be erected another
tower of like dimensions one hundred
feet distant irom the one just finished.
The tower was put in place with the
least possible difficulty and stands
there as a signal light to the entire sur
rounding country. There is about forty
thousand feet of lumber in each of
these towers supported by forty-four
cables. It is expected that the other
tower will be completed in a very short
time, when the apparatus wilU be in
stalled, making complete the most
powerful wireless telegraph station in
the world.
PROTEST AGAIXST TfIEIR
WAGES BEING REDUCED
Teamsters Complain That Contractor
Clutc Docks Men Who Haul
Street Sweepings.
A committee from the Teamsters'
Union appeared yesterday before the
Supervisors' Street Committee to pro
test against the action of A. B. Clute,
the street cleaning contractor, in dock
ing the pay of teamsters because they
were only enabled to haul three loads
of street sweepings instead of four, ow
ing .to the distance to be traversed,-al
though the men worked the full eight
hours. The committee held that the
men are entitled to a full day's pay un
der the circumstances, but said redress
should come from the Board of Works.
Complaint was also made that drivers
of double teams had been cut from $5
to $5 40 and of single teams from $5 to
$4 50 upon the order of the Finance
Committee, owing to the new contract
entered into with Clute. •
The petition of the Eureka "Valley Im
provement Club that the streets In. the
vicinity of Nineteenth, Twentieth. Dia
mond and Colllngwood streets bo put ih
good cqndition was referred to the
Board of ' Works.
v ADVERTISE3IENTS.
M\ Two aspects of motor-
! tog— r seeing; a beautiful
foreign land under the best
auspices : and / the romantic
adventurous side— have been
the especial work of Mr. and
Mrs; Williamson, whose new
book, "My Friend the Chauf-
feur,^ is— well, you just read
it \u25a0::vv- \u25a0 • •
McCLURE. PHILLIPS A COMPANY
44-60 East 23d Street
) NEW YORK
p ill 1(5 Owes its popularity to its simplicity and
I ) «««??33££^^^ S harmonious coloring. We show a vast
- l^ggs^^S^i^S^^^^^^)^ \u25a0 variety of choice designs at lowest prices.
. jji 'ij \u25a0 .ij ' CORNER. CHAIR. .'
M |j|p |i Quartered oak, weathered; seat upholstered
\u25a0|l , »n Spanish leather. To-day <t eO *
: ||!l§i ~^j- onlyt whs]e they last _ ? y** D
f* A © BIT 1* Q n Incomparable Display of Choice ¥% V. T^ Q
%*jjr%.Ekfr S2+ I \3 Patterns at Lowest Prices. tvVW
WIXTOX BRUSSELS— A good qual- AXMIXSTEH CARPET — Fine, deep ROOM SIZE BRUSSELS RUG— B :Zx
ity, of Brussels Carpet, In effective P, n «' «lose>y wov «: ! . n Y er^ eff , ec ' 12 ft - The mo3t Practical of all
1 .. ~ . * . j -r-.. t've patterns; suitable for parlor, floor coverings and it ii an m<Ht
patterns, both Oriental and Flo- dining-room or living O^l/ «1 fl!"T .V , . .
. ral; suitable for any room r*\ room; with or with- K/Vjr cared for - A variety of effective
in the house; ,wlth or O*#C out borders. Per yard **» * **** colorings; aulta- *J» \o\ f» /%
without border. Per yard w w ble for any JW I / ill
COLUMBIA BRUSSELS — A Carpet room. Each ; H* • •^•%^V
WH/rox VELVET-An excellent {^.^oSa^bli^or'wrrt"^ AXUIXSTER RUG-S!** *«x« In.;
grade; suitable for halls, stairs or Carpet equal to it at the price. Oriental, Floral and Mottled ef-
dining - room; effective *fg\ Comes in effective Q^l/ fects; fine, deep pile; /f» *\ #% m
colorings. Per yard..,. £ *#C U«signs;with orwith- *B 'X/2C choice patterns. JK J* A/"\
1 ............. * out border. Per yard "•"'*** Each %p£*,£**J
UNIVERSITY SOCIETY LOSES
SUIT IX JUSTICE'S COURT
Juilßf l.mvion Decides Plaintiff in
Case Is Not a Corporation, as It
: ,- Claimed to Be.
Justice of the Peace Lawson yester
day gave judgment against the Uni
versity Society of San Francisco, which
sued Mrs. J. S. Vallance for $3 due on
three monthly installments of a book
called the "World's Best Music". Mrs.
Vallance refused to carry out her con
tract on the ground that the book did
not live up to its name.
Lawson decided against the plaintiff
because it did not prove that it is a
corporation and also because Mrs. Val
lance's husband was not Joined as a
defendant, both of which points are re
quired to give a case standing in court.
The decision will be of Interest to some
2000 people, who have signed similar
agreements.
You may t>€ thinking of us-
ing an artificial food for your
baby. Try Mellin's Food ; it
is a proper food suited to the
baby's condition. It is not a
medicine but a true food. Let.
us send you a sample to try.
MtlHn's Food is the ONLT Infants'
Food, which received the Grand Prixe, '
the highest award of the Louisiana Pur-
chase Exposition, St. Louis. 1904. Hick- *
er than a told medal.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MAS J.
Ohio Dentists.
If we do your dental . work It will be
done right; no unsatisfactory work Is al-
lowed to go out' of our .office. We want
everybody to be pleased..
r^^TEETH ur^ f.emember
. "We have specially^s fn every branch. .
Full set of teeth that stick fast, made
only by us, %'i per set; gold crowns and
bridge work, |2 50 per tooth; fillings, 50c;
cleansing: free.
Painless extraction by air, gas or by an
application to the gums. \u25a0
OHIO DENTAL PARLORS,
650 Market, cor. Stockton land fil'ds.
. '. . Hours 9to 9. Sunday 10 to 2.
Rheumatic
Speciiic
Kidney and Liver ' Stimulant. Tho
; most successful , remedy- before theA
public. Does not injure the stom-
ach. Drop, postal for Free Booklet
on Treatment ' and Diet f <<r Rheu-
matism to URLCSOL CHEMICAL
CO., 23d and^Grand Aye., Los An,
- geles.iCal. : ( _
For Sale by All Druggists.i^; ; -
\u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 §.-.--\u25a0- -'.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 *
THE
Los Angeles Times
SAX FRANCISCO OPPICB
IS NOW IN
Room 41, Chronicle Bids.
Telephone Main 1473/*-
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
.The Times,^s the advertising
\ medium of th« Sou.thwe»L"":
ja JUSTOUT-
TOT r %: WHOLESALERS
\u0084': j^ I \u25a0 Price • Hats of Holiday Goods ; In
'\u25a0' J'Rl ' Chinese < and Japanese ' Fancy
TW/. Goods; Rare Art Curios: Antique
mT^ jy\ Chlna;'SUk EmDrolderles, Teas.
WVjfr^SP^ 1 etc. .Call or > write for handsome
ijSfl* \Xj/ Illustrated Cataloffue.
:Fm£/}: &. Co.
; , 4TOJ?fe> 707 Dupont £t - SAN FRANCIBCO
V AMUSEME.XTS.
GRAND OPERA
TO-NIGHT.
11- nARBIERG DI SIVIGLU
With TETRAZZINI. Baielll. Gregorettl, Dado,
Cervt
TO-MORROW AND SATURDAY NIGHTS,
OTEL7.O
With Petrella. Grass?, Ansioletti, Salassa.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
SOXXAMBULA
With TETRAZZINI, Bazelli, GregorettL
SUNDAY NIGHT, LA TRAVIATA
With TETRAZZINI, Bazelli. Gregorettl.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK:
TUESDAY NIGHT. OCTOBER 17.
IL nAROIERE DI SIVIGLIA
WEDNESDAY NIGHT, CARMEX
With ALICE COLMAN a* CARMEN.
THURSDAY NIGHT, SOXXAMBULA
FRIDAY NIGHT, OTELLO
SeatH on Sale for All Performances.
delectablelaiideville!
ARTHUR PRINCE;
Mclaiii Trio; IJronnlusr and AVnllT;
LESLIE & DAILEY;
And Orphenm Motion Pictures.
Last Time* of Franz Ebert and Com-
- puny; Carleton Macy and Mauri Edna
Hull: Dlxon and - Holmes and Hal
Merritt.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES 10c. 25c and 50c
GRAND SSS2g
MATINEE SATURDAY— LAST 3 NIGHT 3.
"THERE'S A CHERRY IX IT."
fiFflfffiP .inpr Triumphant
UCUttUC allE J Musical Satire
The Sultan
of Sulu
With the DANDIEST BUNCH OFGIRLS EVER
BEG. XEXT SUXDAY MATIXEE.
IN OLD KENTUCKY
5 Most Popular American Play Ever Written.
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager
TO-XIGHT AXD ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Thursday, Saturday and jb'unday.
BARNEY B6RNARD
— IN—
Roland Reed's Most Successful Play,
"HUMBUG"
Next — Paul Leicester Ford's Effectual Story of
Colonial Life.
"JAXICE MEREDITH.**
Poon— "THE LIGHT ETERNAL." "';
IT f^ A T A F> Betasco & Mayer.^
ALCAZAR it^
Business Manager.
TOrXIGHT — MATS. SAT AXD SUX.
All Fun and a Yard Wide.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO JONES
LENORA KIRWIN as Helma. the Swede.
Eves.. 25c to 750; Mats. Sat., Sund.. Isc to 30c
3IATIXEE XEXT SUXDAY. .
XEXT MONDAY — The Great Play
Of the American Civil War Period.
THE 'CRISIS
. From Winston Churchill's NoveL v
Market Street. Near Eighth: Opp. City Hall.
\u25a0 Phone South 533.
TO-XIGHT AXD EVERY EVEXIXG.
BIAIIM'JJS SATURDA I' A.YD SIXPAr.
Stupendous Scenic Production of the Famous
'•; Kentucky Metodrama,
iWHITECAPS
By OWEN DAVIS.
Popular Prices— Evenings. 100 to 50c Mati-
nees, 10c. 15c and 25c
<w»t. . Ife—^Tracked Aronnd the World.**
WEEKLY CALL, g 1.00 PEB YP.ATI.
AMUSEMEyrg.
raKlCflttlJL
Skd 119'KDDY ST. M JEABOve MASON
TO-XIGHT AT S«l5 AXD
SATURDAY AFTERXOOX AT ZOO.
TWO GREAT VIOLIXISTSI
HUGO HEERMANN
And His Son E.MIL HEER.MAXX
FRED MAURER Pianist
The Finest Programmes of Violin Music Ever
! v Given in This City.
' Reserved Seats |1 50. f 1 and 75c, now on lals.
XEXT \tTRACTIOX!I!
HAROLD BAUER
PIAXIST.
Monday and Thursday Fvenlngs. Oct. 18 and 19
Saturday Afternoon. Oct. 21.
Season Tickets, $4 50. $3 75 and ?2 25. Now
on Sale. I
Single Seats. $2. $1 50 and $1. Ready Fri-
day, October 13.
Complete Programmes May Bs Obtained at
the Box Offlce at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
Coming to Alhambra— EMMA EAMES.
BUSH STREET
I PHONE MAIN 127.
CHAS. P. HSLL, Manager.
To-Xlffbt and Every Kvenins.
Mats. Tuesday, Friday, Saturday ail sniday.
Sam Devere's Own
Burlesque Co.
Novelties in People. Chorus, Vaudeville,
Costumes, etc.
Evening Prices — 15c to 75c Matinees,
25c reserved. |t
HEIT— May Howard's Sreat Bplesgm Co.
MATIXEE TO-DAY^AT 3 O'CLOCK.
OXLY TINE — ELJEAXOR ROBSOX
as Constance In Robert Browning's Play
"IN A BALCONY"
No One Seated After Rise of Curtain.
To-Nlsht. Friday and Saturday Nights!
*1.1. XEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAYS.
ELEANOR ROBSON
\ In Israel Zangwlll'a Natural Comedy,
"MERELY MARY ANN"
The International Success, as Played by
MI S3 Robson.
DIAMOND COMEDY FOUR
And a Illsb-Claaa Entertainment Every
Afternoon and Evenins In the Theater.
TO-XIGHT.
(JALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concludlne "With a
FREE-FOR-AM. RUXXIXCi RACE.
LAST WEEK OF
THE GREAT ZARROW,
I.EAPIXG THE GAP.
CAKE WALK SATURDAY XIGIIT.
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN «•
See the nnhtf-s In the Infant Incnoatorw.
MISCELLAXEOUS AMUSEMEXT9.
BASEBALL!
AT RECREATION PARK.
Seattle vs. San Francisco
WED.. THURS. and FR1DAY. .....3:00 p. m.
Saturday 3:0 Op. nx.
SUNDAY ••••\u25a0 2:30 p. m.
Admission, 35c; Grand Stand, BOc.
THE
PALACE
CompreMd Air cl-anln* plant.
P.ccrn telephones.
Steam heat and open fires.
Perfect ventilation.
Pipe orsan and orchestra.
Perfect service. j
Unexcelled cuisine.
Every luxury attainable.
BAJA" CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
I tor and Nervine. s
The tout wonderful aphrodisiac %nd SpecUi
Tonic tor th« Sexual Organ* tax both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* ot th»
Kidney* and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*
NABER. ALFS & BRtTNE. Agents.
B=3 Market *.. S. F.-<Seml for Circular.)
910
SPORTS
PAGE
ROUGHNESS OF THE GAME
IS PRINCIPAL TOPIC.
CAMP AIRS HIS VIEWS
Secretary Taft Threatens to Expel
Rowdy West Point Men.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Circulars will be
••nt in a few days to the collegiate ath-
Utic world from the football experts who
last Monday met President Roosevelt, in
which it will be suggested that all bru
tality b« eliminated from the American
rarne.
Contests which are scheduled for this
season will be played in accordance with
the prevailing rules. At the annual meet
ing of the football association, to be
held late Ja the winter at Philadelphia.
It is expected that the changes which
have been spoken of with such force by
the President will ;be thoroughly con
sidered.
Of the three best known of the ex
perts who attended the White House con
ference. Professor William Reid of Har
vard and Professor Fine of Princeton
are of the opinion that the game can be
no modified that there will be less bru
tality. Walter Camp of Yale declared
last night that with the present rules
the roughness of the sport could not be
abolished.
TAFT DEXOUXCES ROUGHNESS.
John Oweley, coach of the Yale eleven,
eaid the suggestions made by the Presi
dent have no effect in modifying the
games this year, but intimated that there
might be changes in the rules next year.
Secretary of War Taft. speaking of^
football, said yesterday he had discussed!
the situation with President Roosevelt
and they were in accord on the point
that much of the rough element in the
fame should be eliminated. Secretary
Taft added that he would cause any West
Point student to be dismissed who was
found guilty of playing with, unnecessary
roughness.
"I have never seen a West *Point-An
napolis football match, but if there be
THREE STAKES OFFERED
PATRONS OF UNION PARK
Reserve, California and Champion
Eventa Make l> a Llltely
Looking Programme.
A card of more than ordinary merit
is offered the patrons of Union Cours
ing Park on Sunday. Three stakes
make up the programme, the events in
cluding the Reserve, California Futur
ity and Champion stakes. The latter
event has a list of crack entries and
some lively going is looked for when
they hook up. Following is the result
of last night's draw:
Reserve stake — Raby Aurora vs. Harpy Lad;
Bill Rockers vs. Tti:as Mamie; Frisco Lai vs.
Fiery Eye: Shotgun vs. Sherman: Siroc vs.
Jirr.iiiy All^n; Sea Lion vs. Miss Rock.in; Sun
nybrook vb. Koyal Spirit; Camber vs. Paul
Durbar; Jim Lamb vs. Vallejo Star; Blue Bell
vs. Bonnie Flush; Kushaway vs. Cltfon; False
Alarm n. Belmont; Ml?s Gambit vs. Blanche
Jcwttt; Maid Marion vs. Muggsy; Blue Craig
vs. Belle Marie; The Limit vs. Mercedes; Fet
tfciiess vs. Eleanor ii; John Hooker vs. Fair
Flying; Una vs. Fair Warning; Amandan vs.
The Referee; King V vs. Jim H; Frank Dunn
vs. Renegade Apache; Ifcngus Cissus vs. Elaze;
Mr. Lonjers vs. Stlnearee.
Futurity— Little Claud* vs. Young Pepper;
Roman Fire vs. Lupin: Ruby Athlete vs. Ro
maii Actor; Honest Girl vs. Jim Ryan; Real
Rocker vs. Elbie Royal; Minnie Brewer vs.
Euratius; Clyde vs. Wild Mist; The Old
Peach vs. lrvington Boy; Romaji Actress vs.
Davy Crockett: Lady Honesty vs. Black Tra
lee; Tralec Girl vs. Wild Boas; Miss Viking vs.
Eric Flush; Ennls vs. Trtlee Lad; Goiden vs.
Th« Roman; Real American vs. Four Paw;
Fire Maid vs. Wild Gu?; The Mint vs. Ready
Rider.
Champion stake — Panoche vs. Carlow Boy;
Hudson vs. Agile Spurt; Pomona vs. Presto;
Barge TO. Rocked Asleep: Humboldt vs. Lost
Chord; Terra Cotta vs. Gold Chain.
AMATEUR FIGHTS TO-XIGHT
CKEATK MUCH IXTEBEST
llif.ht Contest* Are on the Programme
to Be Given ky the Occi
dental Club.
The amateur boxing card at "Wood
ward's Pavilion this evening, under the
auspices of the new Occidental Club,
has created much interest in pugilistic
circles and a big crowd is expected to
be at the ringside when the first pair
of boys are trotted out. Jack Mc-
Laughlin, the British welter, will go
against James 'McClair, the Olympic
Club man, in the main event, while
Willie "Wolff and George Ellis will mix
it In the special event.
Another likely looking fight is the
one between Harry Williams and Harry
Baker, the clever bantams. Jim Kane
and Jim Ford, two • promising light
weights, are signed up in another mill.
Mike Kutchos and Frank Baroni will
meet for the macaroni championship
and some fun is looked for. Three
other events make up the programme.
Phil Wand, the popular referee, will be
the third man in the ring.
NEW EXGLA9TD WOMEN" ARE
GOLFERS PAR EXCELLENCE
Of Eigrht Who Remain in Tourney Four
Are From Boston and Snr
roundJujc Tonns.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11. — At the con
clusion of the second round of match
play in the women's national golf
championship tournament at the Morris
County Golf Club to-day, the New Eng
land women were very much in evi
dence. There are now eight players
eligible for the title, and four of these
represent clubs in the nighborhood of
Boston, the other four being from Phil
adelphia, Washington, New York and
Bridgeport.
The survivors are Miss Georgianna
Bishop, Brooklawn Club, Connecticut,
the present holder of the title; Mrs.
Charles T. Stout of Apawamis, N. V.,
twice national champion and present
Metropolitan champiory; Miss Marion
Oliver of Washington, D. C; Mrs. Ca
leb Fox of Philadelphia arid Miss Grace
K. ReiP. Miss Margaret Curtis, Miss H.
S. Curtis, Miss Pauline Mackay, all of
Boston.
MITCHELL BREAKS RECORD
AT THROWING THE WEIGHT
Heave* Fifty-Stx-Pound Iron Fifteea
Feet Six Inches in
the Air.
.VEVi' YORK, Oct. 11. — World's rec
ord athletic performances were wit
nessed at the physical culture show in.
Mauison Square Garden last' night.
.Tames Mitchell of the New York Ath
letic Club- added two and a half inches
to his own world's record of fifteen feet
six inches in throwing 1 the fifty-sis
pound weight for height.
DaVSd Eaton of Cambridge. Mass.,
equaled the world's indoor record at
fifty yards, his time being 5 2-5 sec
onds. He won by a yard from J. W.
Martin of the South L/ondon Harriers.
Noted Race Horn* Dies.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 11.— Yankee
Counsel, a noted thoroughbred, died
here to-day. The horse became ill
en route to Latonia from New York
with pneumonia. He was valued at
1100,000 and belonged to "Bud" May.
MAY ALTER FOOTBALL RULES
any brutality in one I intend to stop it
so far as my end of the affair is con
cerned. I look upon brutal football as
a pure assault."
OAMBRIDE, Mass., Oct. 11.— Referring
to President Roosevelt's talk with the
men representing, college football, at the
White House, ' yesterday. President
Charles W. Eliot of Harvard University
said:
HARD JOB FOR PRESIDEXT.
"The President, with characteristic
vigor, tackled a' hard job. It is hard to
bring about a reform through the very
men who have long known about the ex
isting evils and have been largely re
sponsible for their continuance. His only
chance is to convince them that the evils
have become intolerable."
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Oct. 11.— Walter
Camp, Yale's general athletic adviser,
to-night gave out a statement in regard
to the conference of the representatives
of Yale, Harvard and Princeton with
President Roosevelt Monday, which was
held for the purpose of considering re
forms in the game of football. The state
ment was made public after word had
been received from President Roosevelt,
and Is as follows:
"At a meeting with the President of
the United States it was agreed that we
consider an honorable obligation exists to
carry out in letter and in spirit the rules
of the game of football relating to rough
ness, holding and foul play, and the act
ive coaches of our universites, being pres
ent with us, pledged themselves to so
regard it and to do their utmost to carry
out that obligation.
"WALTER CAMP.
"JOHN E. OWSLEY,
"J. W. FINE,
"A. R. HILLEBRAND,
"EDWARD H. NICHOLS,
"WILL T. RIED JR."
MANY FAST DOGS CARDED
TO RACE AT INGLESIDE
Three Stakes Contnin Some Fleet En-
tries ' anil Give Promise of
Lively Going.
The management of Ingleside Cours
ing Park has succeeded in matching a
bunch of high-class hounds to compete
in the three stakes on Saturday and
Sunday. The card is well balanced and
gives promise of some lively going.
Coursing will commence at 11:30 on
Saturday and 10:S0 on Sunday. Fol
lowing is the result of last night's
draw:
Open stake — Sweetness vs. Whisky Dick-
For Gold vs. Cluster; Golden Buck vs Fire
aoy; Wedsewood vs. Commercial Traveler;
Acasia H!o«sum vs. Free From Flaw- Iron
Alto V 5. Arthur S; Russell J vs. Irma Hotfoot;
Mles Lucille vs. Whoa Bill; Xlckle vs. Pride
o: the Hill; Odd Eyes vs. Eva S; Doretta vs.
liock Keller; Rose Clark vs. Queen's Motto-
I laremont vs. Sunny Shore; Intruder vs. Oulda-
Our Darky vs. Sweet Tooth; Annie Gill vs!
Vixen; Meddlesome vs. Reta S; John L. Sul
livan vs. Tom Hurlick; My Surprise vs. Reck
less Rose; In Time vs. Wild Belle; Lady Field
rick vg. Yellow Tail; John Morrisaey vs Tip
pecarsoe. '\u25a0*. "
\u25a0n-?1 s %?' c , Etake — Promethius vs. The Rival:
Ui:d Mamie vs. Fairmount Lass; Miss Emily
vs. Evil Eye: Rob R vs. Fly Back; Magnolia
vs. Limerick Boy; MeUonwoou vs.
M:cky tree; Hidden Hatred vs. Little Dainty-
Cub&nola vs. Pasha Pleasant; Dear Gaston vs.
Koko Rica; Capital Lady vs. Winning Friend-
Lulu Girl vy. Fairy Belle; Idleness vs D R-
Hugged Actor vs. Loretta; Little Plunger vs.
iodine: Sir Winton vs. Moonbeam; Gloomy
Gus vs. JR.
Champion stake — Sampler vs. Friendless Boy
Lancashire Lad vs. May S; Race King va
Homer Boy; Lucy Claire vs. Orslna; Bon
Ami v«. Conroy; Foxhunter v». Butte City
ASSERTS IT IS VICTIM
OF A PALPABLE FRAUD
Kern River Oil Company Flic* Yn-vrrr
io Suit of Pipe Line
Compauy.
In answer to the claim of the Kern
County Pipe Line and Storage Company
for $7800 rental of a pipe line through
the McKittrick district, the defendant
in the suit, the Kern River Oil Com
pany, asserts that it does not owe the
sum demanded by the plaintiff corpora
tion. Further, it says that in fact the
plaintiff corporation is endeavoring to
make it the victim of a fraud and in
truth it is entitled to judgment against
the plaintiff for $5196 and interest
The Kern lliver Oil Company in a
cross-complaint alleges that after the
plaintiff corporation found that its line
would prove a losing: venture, owing to
the fact that the Southern Pacific had
built a line into MeKittrick, it decided
to cause the loss to fall on the Kern
River Oil Company, a scheme easy of
accomplishment because four of the
members of the board of directors of
the plaintiff corporation, a majority
thereof, also constituted a majority of
the meynbers of the board of the de
fendant corporation. ,', •
To accomplish their object, says the
oil company, they made an agreement
with the oil company by which it was
to pay $50 a day for the transportation
of 500 barrels of oil through the pipe
line and five cents for each additional
barrel up to 2400 barrels a day. This
did not pay the expenses of the pipe
line, so,' it is alleged, the four directors,
whose names are not given, rescinded
the first agreement and executed an
other by which the oil company 'was
to pay $600 a month for the rent of the
pipe line. This change in agreement,
it Is alleged, was never submitted to
the stockholders of the oil company for
ratification, though they were com
pelled to pay the ' sum for several
months.
The sum demanded by the oil com
pany in its cross-complaint was thus
paid out in rentals under the later
agreement, which, it is alleged, con
stituted a fraud against the defendant
corporation. - rV-i;- '-~''i
Will Compromise Clalma.
W. H. iletson. as executor of the
will of the late Patrick Reddy, filed a
petition yesterday for leave to com
promise the claim against the dece
dent's estate for $7279 filed by Ida B.
Lowden. The claimant assered that the
Bum demanded was due her' for stock
in the West Belle Mining Company of
Nevada. She has now agreed to ac
cept the return of the stock in lieu
of the money demanded. The executor
has accepted her offer, and asks the
court to confirm the compromise.
Accused of .Swindling Employe™.
Peter Brunsing of the Brunsing
Tolle & Postel Company, 512 Front
street, obtained a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of Oscar Lazansky on a charge of
felony embezzlement. Lazansky was
a traveling salesman for the company
and it' is alleged that on October' 4> he
sent in a "fake" order for fifty cases
of whisky, valued at ?400, and sold the
goods and appropriated the proceeds.
Lazansky was arrested by Detective
Whitaker.
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 . .-.:>., \u0084 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 • -.-.\u25a0•-.-
TKE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1905.
BUTT-IN PLAY
BEATS SEATTLE
Lauterborn Tries N to Grab
a Fly of Bennett's and
Ball Is Dropped in Mix-TJp
.TOE NEALON TEAKS IN
Koscoe Miller Is Bobbed, of
Victory in Ninth Inning',
After Pitching Grand Ball
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. L.Pet. t W. L.Pet.
Oakland 38 28 .570 [Portland . . . -2G 28 .481
Los Angeles -.31 30 .SUS- san Fran 30 33 .470
Seattle 28 2» .4V* Jracoma 26 31 .450
RESULTS OF GAMES.
' Snu Francisco, 2; Seattle, 1.
Lot* Angele*, 0; Tnconiu, 5.
Oakland, 0; Portland, 0.
"(Five inning*. )
GAMES TO-DA Y.
Seattle nt Snn Frum-lsco.
'I'ucoina at L.09 Angclen.
Oakland at Portland.
Just because Mr. Lauterborn became
over-ambitious and butted into Ben
nett's stamping ground, the Seals were
handed an extra run and also victory
in the final spasm of the game yester
day afternoon. The climax came when,
with two on the sacks, Waldron. bat
ting for Cap Wilson, lifted a dinky
fly near Bennett. Lauterborn hot
footed after the leather and tried to
gather it. The men bumped and Ben
nett let it glide through his mitts.
Nealon scored and the trouble was
over.
Such another dummy play has not
been pulled off on the Eighth street lot
for some time. It was hard luck and a
bitter, package for Miller, who tossed
shut-out ball till the last round, when
victory was snatched away from him
after he had worked hard to earn it for
eight Innings.
The Seals never had a chance until
the ninth, when Hildebrand was hit by
a pitched ball and Nealon shoved one
through second. Housholder only flew
to third, but Irwin clouted a fast baby
into left, giving Hildebrand time to
sneak over and Nealon got to third.
Then Waldron produced his pop fly and
the blunder was enacted.
The Siwashes made a noise like a
run in the opening period. With Ben
nett out of the way, Kane was given a
life of Gochnauer's wide heave to first.
Wilson let the next one go through him
and Kane pulled up at second. Walters
put him on third with a drive and
Blankenship worked the squeeze play
nicely, putting Kane over the last
jump.
! During the remainder of the game
both Whalen and Miller were very
much , in the limelight. Both tossed
shoots that were about right, and the
batters never had a license to gather
many hits., Miller winged eight men
out on strikes and had a bunch of
speed that was bewildering. ;'\u25a0 (
The reorganized Seattle team looks,
awful good., It plays a fast and snap
py game and works the inside # klnd ot
ball that generally brings trie coin
home. The team does not look like the
same aggregation that visited this city
a few weeks ago, and now every man
on the pay-roll seems Intent on win
ning instead of merely drawing his
monthly stipend.
Jimmy Whalen was very obnoxious
during the course of the game, and in
the eighth spasm he began to crab Um
pire Davis so strongly that the latter
chased him off the lot. Wheeler came
in to work and managed to dispose of
the Siwashes by means of a double
play in the last round, after they had
soused him for two clean bingles. The
score: :'>S;V?
SAN FRAXCISCO. .V
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Spencer, c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Mohler, 2b S 0 1 2 3 6 0
Hildebrand. Lf S 1 0 0 0 00
Nealon. lb 4 1 1 0 15 0 1
Householder r. t.... 4 . 0 1 0 2 1 0
Irwin, 3b 4 0 2 1 2 3V 0
Gochnauer. ss 3 0 1 0 13 0
Wilson, c 8 0 00 1 2 0
Whalen, p 3 0 1 o 0 4 0
Whetler. p 0 0 0 0 1 1 0
•Waldron 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 2 7 -3 27 20 1
SEATTLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bennett, 2b 4 0 1 0 4 1 1
Kwie. c. f ....4 12 0 1 0 0
Walters, r. f 3 0 2 0 1 0 0
Blankenship, c 2 0 0 0 9 11
Frary, I. f 4 0 1 0 20 0
Strelb, lb 4 0 0 0 6 10
Lauterhorn. 3b ..3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Hall, ss 3 0 1 0 1 1 0
Miller, p ..3 0 0 0* 0 2 0
Totals 30 1 8 0 t2O 7 2
•Batted for Wilson in the ninth. tTwo out
when winning run was scored.
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle-.'... 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 00 1
Base hits 11 000 2 0 2 2—B
San. Francisco ...00 00 0 0 0 0 2—2
Base hits 0 110 0 12 0 2—72 — 7
SUMMARY.
Runs off Whalen 1. Hits— Off Wheeler 2,
oft Whalen C. Two-base hit — Gochnauer. Sac
rifice hits — Blankenship, Spencer, Walters,
Gochnauer. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco 1. Seattle 2. First base on called balls —
Off Whal-n 1. off Miller 1. Left on bases-
San Francisco 7, Seattle 5.* Struck out— By
Whalen 1. by Miller 8. Hit by pitcher—Hilde
brand. Double plays— Gochnauer to Mohler
to Nealon; Miller to Streib to Blankenship;
Wheeler to Nealon. Passed ball — Wilson.
Wild pitch — Wheeler. Time of game — 1 hour
and 30 minutes. Umpire — Davis.
ELEVIiSV TIGERS ARE LEFT.
Hitu Always Fall When Finher'it Men
Get on the Sacks.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 11.— Tacoma lost
to the locals to-day by a score of 6 to
5, mainly due to. their inability to hit
the ball when men were on bases. The
northerners secu^d a total of eleven
hits, but they were unable to get more
than five runs, and eleven men died on
bases. The locals, scored six runs off
seven hits, but were aided by bases on
balls and errors. The home run of
Cravath in the sixth Inning, which net
ted two runs, was also a factor. Baum
replaced Gray in the' seventh. and suc
ceeded in stopping the run-getting of
the visitors. Fisher sent Fitzgerald to
replace Keefe in the middle of the third
inning, but the change did not effect
the result. Doyle's: double ; with the
bases full in the sixth, scoring three
runs, was , a timely rap. . Score':
LOS ANGELES. \
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bernard, cf 4 0 0 0 0 0-0
Flood, 2b 4 1 10 3 2 0
Smith, 3b 3 1 10 1 3 0
Brashear, ss ..3 2 2 15 2 3
Dillon, lb 2 1 0 1 9 1. .o
Cravath, rf 8 1 20 0 0 O
Ross, If ....3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Spies, c 8 0 0 0 5 1 o
Gray. p. ........ 2 0 10 0 2 0
Baum, p 1 0 0 0.10 0
Totals ........ ..28 6 7 '2 27 11
TACOMA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, rf ....... ....\5 1 2 l o 0 2
Sheehan, . 3b ......... 6 \u25a01 . 2 00 30
Nordyke, : lb •.".......* 4.0 3 0 : 14 \u25a0" I '\u25a0 0
Kaftan, as ....;..... 4 '.' 0 ' 2 1 l" ' 2 0
McLaughlln, If .....4 0 1 0 4 0 0
Lynch, ct .......... 6 0 0 0 2 10
PRINCELY BET
ON BIG SERIES
Baltimore 3lan Wagers New
Yorker $85,000 That Ath
letics Will (Conquer Giants
M'GKAU'S NINE FAVORITE
Fans Put" Up $38,500 on
Yesterday's Contest, Which
Was Stopped by the Kain
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11. — Eighty
live thousand live hundred dollars will
go one way or the other between two
men on the result of the world's cham
pionship baseball games, between the
New York Giants and Philadelphia
Athletics. The money has been placed
in a safe at. the Hotel Walton and the
total amount will not" be given until
after the lull seven games have been
imished. Thirty-eight thousand live
hundred dollars of this will depend on
the winner of to-morrow's game.
Tim bettors tire M. B. Gu^genheimer
of Baltimore, who is backing the Ath
letics, and Philip H. Shottiek of . New
York, who is taking the, Gothamites'
end of the wager. George R. Karsner,
clerk at the Walton, has been made
stakeholder. The arrangement on
which the 'money was placed was with
the odds favoring the Gliints on to
day's game. It stood $20,000 to $18,000.
For the scries the money was placed at
$25,000 to ?22,000. The odds for to
day's postponed game stood a little less
than 10 to 9. The wager was made last
night.
Mr. Guggenheimer came to th,is city
Monday to take in the games. At first,
he says, he could not secure a bet of
the proportions he liked anywhere.
Schottick, it is said, Represents a pool
made up by wealthy; New Yorkers.,,, It
was originally his intention to break
up the sum of money which he brought*
with him into bets of ?1000, which he
thought would be easier, to place. When
the men met last night it was decided
to lump the whole sum in two big bets.
RAIN PREVENTS BIG GAME.
Mathewson and Coakley Carded to Do
the Pitching; To-Day.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11. — Rain to
day prevented the playing of the third
game of the series of seven for. tho
baseball championship of the world be
tween the Philadelphia American
League and the New York National
League champions. The teams will play
here to-morrow and in New York Fri
day and Saturday. If rain should in
terfere to-morrow Friday's game will
be played In this city. ~
There were only 6000 persons pres
ent at 3 p. m. "Then Umpire Sheridan
announced to the spectators that the
playing field was wet. and in view of
the Importance of the series the game
would not be started., .
Mathewson and Coakley had been se
lected by their respective managers to
do the pitching.* The National commis
sion which has complete control of the
world's championship series announced
to-day that, beginning to-morrow, the
remaining games -will begin at 2:30
o'clock p. ;m. . \ ;. .
BATES MANAGED .TO j SCORE
AGAINST HARVARD ELEVEN
For the j First Time. This Season Rival
Team Crosses the Crimson's
Goal Line.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 11.—Al
though Harvard defeated Bates on Sol
diers' Field this afternoon without dif
ficulty, the visitors had the distinction
of crossing the Crimson goal line, for
the first time this season, the final
score being 34 to 6.
Football Games.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. \u25a0 11.— University of
Pennsylvania 38, Franklin and Marshall 0.
ANNAPOLIS, -Oct. 11.— Naval Academy 39,
St. John's College 0., t
NEW HAVEN, Oct. 11.— Yftle 20, Spring
field 0.
ANN ARBOR, Oct. 11. — University of Michi
gan 23. Ohio Northern University 0.
PRINCETON, Oct. ,11.— Princeton 29, Le
high 0.
Casey, 2b 4 1\ 1 0 0 4 1
Graham, c .31.0 02 00
Keefe, p 10 0 0 0 I 0
Fitzgerald, p 2 1 0 0 1 3 0
- , Totals .•;... ...;.87» 5 11 224 15 3
RUXS AN HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ;...3 0 1 "0 •0" 2 0 0 x— 6
Base hit 5.... .'..2. 12 0 0 2 0 0 x— 7
Tacoma ....110 0 0 3 0 0 o—s0 — 5
Base hits.,... ..12 10 12 2 1 I—ll
SUMMARY..
Hits — Off Keefe 5, off Gray 7. 'Home run —
Cravath. Two-base hits — Doyle, Nordyke. Sac
rifice hits — McLaughlln, , Bratshear, Dillon.
First base on errors— Tacoma 3. Left on bases
— Los Angelea 2, Tacoma" 11: Bases on balls —
Oft* Gray 3, off Keef • 2, off Baum 2. Struck
out — By Gray 2, by Fitzgerald 2, by Baum 3.
Double, plays — Brashear to ; Flood to Dillon;
Dillon (unassisted). Wild pitch— Keefe. Time
of game — 1:30.' Umpire — Perrlne.
RAIN, STOPS GAME L\ FIFTH.
Graham and Garvln Manage to Hold
Opposing Batsmen in. Check.
PORTLAND, Oct. \u25a0\u25a0'. 11.— Rain inter
fered with the completion. of' the game
between Oakland arid Portland.: After
struggling for' five innings neither
team could annex a score.. Garvln and
Graham were opposing pitchers,
and for the five innings played it was
a battle between them,- with the odds
slightly in favor of the local man, who
allowed only one hit : and \ fanned six
of; his opponents. Garvin's pitching
and the fielding; of Graham were about ,
the only features in -evidence, for the
'fielders had ; so few chances ithey were
hardly noticeable! .The score:
PORTLAND. % V
AB. R. BH. PO. A. K.
Atz, ss. ............. 2 0 00 00
Van - Buren, " 1. f. ...... 2 0 0 1, 0 0
Mitchell, Mb. ...... r>. 3 0 0-3 1.0
Schlafley, 2b. ......... 2 0 0 2 2 0
McLean, c. 10 0 7 0 0
McHale, c. t. ......:. 1 0 110 0
Sweeney, 3b. • 1 0 0 1.0 0
Cates, r. f. ........... 2 0 10 0 0
Garvin, p. ............. 2 0 1 \ 00 1
Totals .......... -.10 0 3 15 3 1
OAKLAND.
- * AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f 3 0 0 10 0
Kruger r. f ........ 1 0 (> 2 0 0
DunUavy, 1. f .20-01' 0 0
Moaklman, lb. .\...... 1 0 17 1 0
Kelly, 2b. ... . 0 0': 0.-. 0 0 0
• Devereaux. s. s. ....... ,2 0 0 0 0 0
Richarda 3b. .......... 2 0 0 10 0
Hnckett, c...... ....... " .<> 02 0 0
Graham, p. .V.'" 2 0s;00 s; 0 1- 4 0
Totals :\.1' : .".1. \u25a0'..':. IS 0 1 15 5 0
. RUNS AND HITS BY .; INNINGS.
Portland^...... :..... .......0 0,0 0 o—o
Base hits- ................ -0 0 0 0 o—o
Oakland .......•• ...........00 000-0
Base . hits '. ;-.v.vr. .-; . . ... :v.o ooi o-i
..;. :;:... -SUMMARY.-- ;.,\u25a0"\u25a0•;:;;\u25a0. .',*\u25a0•\u25a0
••'. Btruck out— By Garvln 6.M3ases on balls — Off
Garvln 2." off Graham U.> First base ''on error —
Oakland: I.': Left -on '.bases— Portland 6. Oak
land 4. Sacrifice hits — Atz,' Sweeney, -Kelly 2.
Stolen bases— McHale, | Cate«. . .Time of . game —
One hour and fifteen^ minutes. " ; - Umpire — Ed
Rankln. . \u25a0 : '• \u25a0 ;: \u25a0 '.:'•', ~ '\u25a0'-''• -\u25a0' "
All torpidity of .the liver -is prevented
by 1 Lash's Kidney fa-nd Liver Bitters. . •
PERVERSE RUNS
A GRAND RACE
Filly Just Misses the
.Seven Furlong
Record.
Goes the Distance
in Great Time
of 1:23 3-5.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11. — H. P. Whit
ney's bay filly Perverse won the Cham
pagne stakes from a good field to-day,
and one of the greatest races for a two
year-old from a time standpoint. The
: filly ran the distance, seven furlongs
j straight, in 1:23 3-5. while the record
for the distance is 1:23^, made by
Bella D on July 8, IS9O, at Alonmouth.
The latter had 103 pounds in the sad
dle, while Perverse carried stake
weight, , which makes her performance
wonderful. Security and Whimsical
went out in front after the start and
raced close together until well into the
stretch, when Shaw sent Perverse to
'the front and held the lead 'to the end,
winning cleverly by a length. Sum
mary:
! FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; main
I course; high-weight handicap; all. ages:
Betting.. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2U to I— Gamara. 113 (Miller)... 3 3 h 1 %
4 to,l— Prten 119 (Creamer)... 2 1 1%2 4
10 to I— Zeala," 125 (J. Jones)... 7 5 1 3 h
Time, 1 :20. Start gocd. Won driving. Win
ner, K. T. Wilson Jr.'e b. c. by Sorcerer-
Pixy. Brother Frank, Ralbert, Old Guard,
Diamond Flush. Zlenap. Ma.«saon, Royal Win
dow, Pat Bulger finished as \u25a0 named.
SECOND RACE — One mile; .purse; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to ti — Kiamesha, 102 (W.Knp) 1 1 G 1 2}a
20 to I— Sir Brillar !>« (Sewell) 2 2 3 2 6
30 to I— Manfred, 95 (Wishard). 5 4 1^:1 3
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Oneck Stable's br. f. by Esher-Refiection.
Thistle Heather, Wyeth, Willie Newcomb
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— The Champagne; seven fur
longs; straight; two-year-olds:
Betting Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to s—Perverse,5 — Perverse, 119 (Shaw)... 2 2 2 11
6 to s—Whimsical,5 — Whimsical, 119 (Martin) 6 3 h 2 2
3to I— Security, 122 (Miller)... 1 1 iy 232 3 10
Time, 1:23 3-5. Start good. Won dTiving.
Winner, H. P. Whitney's b. f. by Meddler-
Melba. \u25a0 Battle' Ax, Penrhyn, Oaklawn finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; New Rochelle;
for three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weis'.it. Jot key. St. %•' Fin.
7 to 2— Shrine. 100 (Sewell) 2 1 I^l 3
7 to E — Jacquin, 109 (Mclntyre). 6 2 I^2 H
7 to 2— Creamer. 113 (Shary)... 1 3h 3 5
Time, 1:39 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. Strauss' eh. m. by Atheling-Pll
grimage. Grenade, Jetsam, Goldsmith and
Orthodox flniehed as named.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; for two-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
9 to s—Wos,5 — Wos, SIC (McDanlel) 3 2 3 13
7 to 2— Birmingham, 98 (Perrne) 1 13 3 8
15 to I— Margaret M, 02 (Oregar) 5 4 1 .51^
Time, 1:27. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. A. Chirm's br. c. by inverness-saUUnse.
Blue Pirate, . Towers, Elizabeth F, Abe Meyer,
Skyte, Descend, Andrla, Maudlna and Cat's
Eye finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— MiIe and a half; handicap;
for three-year-olds and up: \u25a0 .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i. Fin.
0 to s— Ostrich, 119 (W. Knapp)2 2 I^l 4
9 to 2— Benvollo, 111 (Romanlli) 4 4 12 5
5 to I— Caronal. 97 (B. Smith).. 6 1 1%3 15
Time, 2:35. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Boston Stable's b. c. by Order-Plumage.
The Southerner, Outcome and Bouvier finished
as named.
BELMOXT PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — Following are
the .entries for to-morrow at Belmont
Park:
First race; mile, selling — Lord Badge 107.
Ida Davis 10T. Columbia Girl ICO. Sals NW,
Tyron 108, Buckleya 10$. Robador 104, Atwood
104, Telephone lot, Hippocrates 101, Oro 100,
Yorkshire Lad 100, Fronta ICO. Yada US.
Shenandoah 08, Consuelo II BS, King Pepper
US, DArkle 07, Jane Holly S»6, Massa 94, Suf
fice 5)3, Carrie Jcnes 'M, Platoon S3.
. Second race, about two miles. Harbor Hill
Cup steeplechase — Delcanta 140, Pacetti 135.
Red Warrior 131', Oleroso 132, Alfar 132, Fal
laheen 132. Campo 132, The Lad 132, Hercu
loid 132, The Doctor 132.
Third race five\furlo!igs, two-year-old maid
ens, selling— Sir Tristan 110. Rickey 107, Wick
ford 105, Stalactical ICO, Nostromo ICO, Usury
09," Elevation HB, Turkey Foot 97, Golden Arms
07,- The Scold 04, Delmore 03, Philador
92,." Pepper Pod 01, lolanda 90, Cassandra S9,
Oriflamme 89, Babe B 83. Niantic 97, Flora
zdnde 04, Miss Seventy-Se\en S4, Lone Hand
00. The Cinsalee 100.
Fourth race, mile and a furlong, the Bam
apo handieaD, ?2000 added, two-year-olds —
Bedouin 120. Merry Lark 115. Coy Maid 112.
Yon Tomp 107, Olen Echo 109; DArkle 100,
Chimney Sweep 100, Sir Brillar 100, Oro 99,
Cederstrome OS.
Fifth race, mile, handicap — Colonial Girl
12(5, Monsieur Beaucalre 117, Spring 115, Jo
cund 111, Ananias 111, Red Knight 110, Bryan
104. True Wing 104, Saia 93, Novena 90.
> Sixth race, mile, three-year-olds and vp —
Israelite 116. Pretension 113. Red Knight 111,
Rebo 108, Mabel Richardson 10S, Kiamesha
105. Monacodor 103, Amberjack 103, Bryan 100.
BEIIMOXT r.VRK SELECTIONS.
By the New Tork Morning .Telegraph.
Firnt race—- Shenandoab, Tyron, Kins
Pepper.
Second race— Delcnnta, The Lad, Al
far.
Third raye — IMnry, Xostromo, Eleva
tion..
Fourth race — DArkle, Glenecho,
Merry Lark.
Fifth race — Ananias, Spring:, Jocund.
Sixth race — Kiamesha, Israelite,
Bryan.
• Weather rainy. Track slo^r.
CHICAGO CUBS TAKE FALL
OUT OF THE -WHITE SO.X
Cardinal* Outplay the Brownn, While
Bostim Americans Again Triumph
Over the Nationals.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— The first game of the
post-season : series for the local championship
between the two Chicago major league teams'
went to the Nationals by the score of 5 to 4.
Errors by the American League players at
critical times cut a prominent figure in the
run B counted . by the Nationals. With the
thermometer registering near freezing point
less than 5000 persons were In attendance.
SCOre: . :. \u25a0•^\u25a0- ..-' '; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•'\u25a0 ' R. H. E."
Nationals • 5 1 0
Americans - * • 8 ..- 3
Batteries— Lundgren and Kllng; Owen and
Sullivan. ' \u25a0
'ST." LOUIS. .Oct. 11. — The local Nationals
to-day won ttip third game of the inter-league
serle9 of seven games, giving them the odd
contest of those so I far decided. Sudhoff was
wild and wa« relieved by Petty -in the third
inning. Attendance. 000. Score: ; .
R. H. E.
Nationals • '• • ••• • • & H 0
Americans 1 - 4 4
Batteries— -Taylor and Grady; Sudhoff, Pelty
and Spencer. -'
. -BOSTON, Oct. . 11. — The local American
League team won ' to-day the third game of
the series with the local Nationals. The cold
weather kept the crowd down to 2292.- The
series now stands two to one in favor of the
American League team. Score: N
Americans 5 9 2
Nationals ...... •• 1-4 2
Batteries— Harris and Armbruster ; Wllhelm
and Needham. \u25a0'•,.;.;'.
Major Thomas to ) Quit Turf.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. ll.—Major
George Thomas, nestor of the ' American
turf,;, the 'oldest in the --ranks of r the
breeders,- announced; to-night that he
will dispose of the Dixianna stud of
forty horses this fall and retire from
the breeding business, ".
GOULD A GOOD
STEEPLECHASER
Lilliandra Tries to Make
the Pace, but Breaks Leg
and Is Later Destroyed
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oot. 11. — The steeple
\u25a0 chase over the short course was the
feature at Latonia to-day. On acoount
of cold weather, only a small crowd
was in attendance. A heavy rain be
fore the first race put the track in
slow condition. The Jumping race was
won by Gould, the favorite. Onyx II
beat Blue Mint for the place. Lillian
dra, the pacemaker, fell at the second
to last jump and broke her leg. ) She
was later destroyed. Four favorites
won. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Five and a halt fnriong»;
two-year-olds; maiden fillies; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto2— L. Esther. 101 (llclntyre) 1 14 13
6to I— Blue Silk, 9S (Koerner). 3 2 3 2 3
4tttol — Lisbia, »S (Lee) 9 6% 31
Time 1 :09 3-5. Start eood. Won driving.
Winner P. H. Jones' b. i. by Lord Bstherllng-
Mlss Alice. Tarpe OS. Progression 102. Etta
at 102, Grace &S. Addition 102, Sonata 105.
Cut Glass 102. Miss Kitty 105. Paulina Boyle
OS. Polly Forest 102, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One mile and 100 yards;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
!12 to I— Algonquin, l»8 (Cheathm) 6 11 12
: 7to I— B. Grass Girl. &S (Allen) 3 4 2 2 1
4tol— Stroud 101 (Bliss) 2 31 38
Time. 1:50 4-5, Start bad. Won handily.
Winner, A. H. Pendleton's b. m. (4) by Albert
H-Iroquois. , Dell Leath 03 Brown Vail 08,
Lionel !)3, Marcos 103, Harry Stephens 93.
Arc Light 90, finished as named. J
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
! »to 10— Delagoa. 101 (Koerner). 4 31 14
IK to I— Rdscoe 97 (Schade) 3 In 21
40 to I— Marco 99 (Hetternan).. 5 710 3 2
Time, 1:16 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. C. McCafferty's b. m. (6) by Kings
ton-Rhodesia. Sneer 99. Aurocelver 102, Mal
lory 110 The Lexington Leader 98. Steel Trap
9«. Marlln 09. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Steeplechase; «hort course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
S to s—Gould5 — Gould 136 (Patton).... 4 1114
;. to I— Onyx 11. 135 (Pmbrtn). 5 2 2 2 n
20 to I— Blue Mint, 130 (Johnson) 6 3 2 8 3
Time. 3:OS. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Schladfs b. g. by Eolus-Lady Grace.
Jolo 130 Betmuda 130, LJlllandra 130 (threw
rider), Jim Tyrell 140 (ran out), finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; selling: "- "';'lil£
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. !*. Fin.
7 to I— E. Palma. 10S (Treubel). 3 12 11
7 to 2 — Coruscate, 103 (Andreas) 2 3 12 1
S to s—Pirate5 — Pirate Polly, 05 (Swain). 12 2 3
Time. 1:44. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. Talbott Bros.' eh. h. (5) by The Common
er-Raining Dew. Three starters.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
Betting. Horse, We!sjht, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
13 to 5— C. Hayes. 103 (Willms). 1 I<J 14
3 to 4—lnterllght.4 — Interllght. 103 (Mclntre) 3 2 6 2 3
7 to 2— Yazd. 104 (Thomer) 4 3 3 3 5
• Time. 1:16 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. B. Schrlefcer's eh. c. by Bateowan Or
sam-Grand Lady. Mingrita 103. finished fourth.
LATONIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 11. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Edna Tan
ner 103, Ethel Keckler 107, Major Carpenter
107, Wakeful 10S, SanUu 110, Layson 111, Tho
Englishman 111, Cardinal Woolsey 112, Jigger
112, Norel 112, Lochgoil 114, Jack Ratlin 115,
Sid Silver 116, Belltoone 117.
Second race, mile and fifty yards, selling —
Depends 05, Tete Noir OS, John Lyle 09, Derry
100. Harmakis 104, Fonsoluca 104, Dr. Wang
1C«, Wexford 106, Maie Hanlon 109, Oro
Viva 111.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Martha Gor
man 102, Katheriae L 102. Regale 102. Intense
107, Royal Legend 107.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, purse
— Buell 9», Sherrill 99, Baby Joe 99, Dick
Brown 100. Come On. Sam 106, Ensley IC9, Hot
Toddy 101', Kargut 109, J. C. Clem 90.
Fifth race, one and nn eighth miles, selling
—Mint Bed 99, Frank Me 09, Untra Vires 99,
Royal Arras 99. Eclectic 104, Curat? 104, Dr.
Hart 107, Sea Shark 104.
Sixth race, fixe furlongs, purse — Bitter
Brown 100. Grace Wagner 100. Angelic 100.
Miss Cosette 100, Suzanne ICO. Beautjfnl Bess
100 Anita 100. Nun's Veiling 100. French
Nun 100. Pretty Nellie 100. Temple 100. Lady
Taraacon 100, Gabrlelle 104, Sister Frances ICS.
laATOXIA SELECTIONS.
By ths New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First race — Lochgoil, Layson, The
Engliiihiuan.
Second race— Wn ford, John Lyle,
Depends.
Third race — Intense, Kathrln, Royal
Legend.
Fourth . race— Ensley, Oot Toddy,
Baell.
Fifth race — Mint Bed, Curate, Royal
Arms.
Sixth race — Grace Wagner, Bitter
Brown. Beautiful Bess.
Weather cloudy. Track good.
Colombia Drops* Thorpe.
NEW TORK, Oct. 11. — The faculty of
Columbia University announced to-day
that it had dropped from college Cap
tain Thorpe of the Columbia football
eleven, and that Carter and Starbuck
would not be permitted to play in an
other football game this season. De
ficiency in studies was the reason as
signed.
Trotting Races Postponed.
LEXINGHTON, Ky., Oct. 11. — The
trotting races were again postponed to
day on account of rain.
B'A fl HI A A!Y WEAKENS THE SYSTEM
nl/'DL\JVI/ AND INVITES DISEASE
Every part of the body is dependent on the blood for nourishment and
strength, and .when from any cause this vital stream of life becomes impov-
erished or run-down, it invites disease to enter. % No one can be well when the
blood is impure; they lack the energy that is natural with health, the com-
plexion becomes pale and sallow, the vital energies are at a low ebb, and they
suffer from a general broken-down condition of health. The system is weak-
ened and unable to resist the diseases and disorders that are constantly assail-
ing it. The Liver and Kidneys, failing to receive the proper stimulation and
nourishment from the blood, grow inactive and dull, and the waste matters
and bodily impurities that should jiass off through these channels of nature
are left in the system to pi oduce Rheumatism, Catarrh, Sores and Ulcers,
Skin Diseases or some other blood disorderl When the blood is in this weak-
ened and diseased conditiori it should be treated with a remedy that is not
only thorough, but gentle in its action. S. S. S. , a purely vegetable remedy,
made of roots, herbs and barks, is just what is needed. It not only cleanses
the blood of all impurities and poisons, and enriches and strengthens it, but
>!\u25a0*%» 'jFH^t. £ en . tl y builds tip the entire system by its fine
(\u25a0sE^ §*£f^ tonic e " ect - s - s - S. reinvigorates every mem-
ber °f the body, gives tone and \ngor to the blood,
&3l ez fejRSSF c* te>3S <* *""*\u25a0«? it goes to the different parts, carries ro-
*$&?.&*&& 9^£P® bust health and strength. S. S. S. acts more
PURELY VEGETABLE. Promptly and gives better results than any other,
. T- medicine. It cures Rheumatism, Catarrh, Sore^r"
and Ulcers, Skin Diseases and all other blood disorders, and cures them per-"
manently, ; Our: Medical Department will be glad to give advice without
charge to all suffering with blood or skin diseases. Address
1 TH£ SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA*
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
BLOOD POISON
AFFECTS FORCE
Captain of Blue and Gold
Eleven Is Laid Up as the
Eesnlt of an Old Wound
OTHEKS ON SICK LIST
Elliot, Houtchkiss, Tuller, J
Fisk and Allen Are All
in the Hospital Class
BERKELEY. Oct. 11.— Captain Fore© ot
tho varsity football team la suffering
from a slight case of apparent blood poi
soning 1 , the result of a gash In his leg
several weeks ago, which has not healed^
Several other players. Including Roy E*,
Hot, Hotchklss. Allen. Fisk and Tuller,;
are on the sick list, some of them with
wounds similar to Captain Force's.
The theory has been advanced that the
new soil filling on California field may be
of such character as to have affected
the men's cuts for the worse when con
tact with the field has resulted In the
rubbing of bits of dirt Into the nwn't
bodies. It la believed, however, that all
of the Injured players, with the excep
tion of Tuller, whose ankle Is sprained,
will be able to get Into the Intercollegiate
games.
JOCKEY LOGCB MAY HAVE
HIDDEN HIS LAST RACE
Thrown From Fonda In a 3Hx-C> at
Spokane and Lie* Uncon
scious In Hospital.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 11. — Tws
jockeys were seriously if not fatally
hurt in the fourth race at th« Inter
state Fair to-day. Goldflnder fell on
the slippery track and two other horses,
with their riders, went down over the
fallen horse. Goldflinder's Jockey.
Catron, escaped with a broken collar
bone and arm, but Jockey Logua, rid
ing Fonda. Is in the hospital, uncon
scious from concussion of the brain.
Results:
2:14 pace, purse 1300 — Sharlook Holmes won,
Haaaalo second. HeUenes third. B«»t time.
2:22.
Four furlon«», purae $180, ««lUn« — Young
Pepper won. Hutch Kcond. Mul«r third.
Time. :53.
Five furlongs; purs* $150. •elllnr— Butt«rick
won. Tart second. Jo« I* mar third. TJaiA
1:OT. *
One mile, pun»« $200. •«Uln« — Sliver Heels
woo, Expedient second, ilocorito third. Time,
1:44.
Six furlongs, purse $230. •ellin*— Follow Mo
won. My Surprise second, Cerro Santo third.
Time. l-JJ.
Swlns Rifle Club Officers.
At the annual meeting, held on Tues
day night, the members of the Swiss
Rifle Club elected the following; mem
bers to serve as officers of the club
during the year:
President. P. A. Glannlni; vlc« president and
treasurer. Ad. Huguenln; secretary, P. Rig-,
hetti; shooting master, J. Bachmann; commit
tee — Dr. T. A. Rottanzl. J. R. Tomaalnl; trus
tees^ — P. A. Glannlni. L. Juci.
Hunting Grounds Preserved.
All the available hunting grounds
within a radius of 100 miles of this
city have been preserved" for the open
ing of the duck season on Sunday, so
the hunters who are figuring on a quiet
little place where free shooting is per
mitted will be disappointed.
TWENTY-NINE COUNTS
AGAINST WRIGHT DROPPED
Only the Embezzlement Charges Will
Be Pr««Med Against Him to Sim
plify Government's Case*
At the opening of the trial of Qeorgo
A. Wright for embezzling Government
moneys while employed as chief deputy
in the office of United States Internal
Revenue Collector Lynch. Assistant
United States Attorney A. L. Black
stated that the prosecution had decidf^>
to abandon the counts in the indict-7
ment charging larceny and to prose
cute only on the counts charging em
bezzlement. This reduces the number
of counts from 101 to 72- The wit
nesses examined were Charles J. Young
berg, Frank E. Mayhew, Postmaster
Fisk, Frank Stoude. D. J. Flannery. F.
E. Ellis and United States Internal
Revenue Agent Bert M. Thomas.
All but ilr. Thomas told about hav
ing paid various sums of money Into
Wright's hands as offers of compro
mise with the Government and for
other purposes. Samuel M. Shortridge
and Bert Schleslnger, the defendant's
attorneys, cross-examined the wit
nesses, but nothing vital was elicited.
Mr. Thomas testlned that "Wright gave
him a list of certain moneys retained
by him. Ine trial wil be resumed thU
I morning.
Accused Burglars Brought Back.
Detective Bell arrived yesterday aft
ernoon from San Luis ObV»bo with Rob
ert Meyer and George Cley, who wera
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of burglary. They secreted themselves
In the saloon of Baggenstos & Imhof.
439 Pine street, on Sunday night and
stole over $100 from the cash register,
two gold watches and a revolver. The
two gold watches and most of tho
ptolen coin were found In their pos
session.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 11.— Eugene Prlndivtu^
who with Ou» Tischer and W. Kennedy. wer-»
charged with killing a spotted fawn, was
found not guilty by a Jury In Justice Wal
lace's court this mornlnsr. Th« cases against
Tischer and Kennedy were then dismissed.TWO BIG OCEAN LINERS WILL SAIL FROM THIS PORT TO-DAY
Sonoma Leaves for the Antipodes and Korea for Orient and Both Will Be , Crowded
Two big liners will leave this port to
£ay. both carrying many passengers and
each loaded to its full capacity with car-
EO. The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma. Captain Herriman. will
leave Pacific street wharf at 2 o'clock
for Honolulu, Samoa. New Zealand and
Australia, and the Korea of the P.-icilio
Mail fleet will sail at 1 p. ra. for the
Orient.
Captain Wiliam Seabury, commodore
captain of the Pacific Mail line, has re
fomed command of the Korea after an
extended vacation. During Captain Sca
bury's stay on shore the Korea was com
manded by Captain Zeeder, who will prob
ably be kf'pt on the Oriental run, suc
ceeding to one of the vacancies created
by the activity of the Federal secret ser
vice officials.
The Korea will carry a large cargo, con
sisting chiefly cf heavy machinery for
Japan. She will carry 203 cabin passen- j
gers; 300 Chinese and 100 Japanese.
Among the passengers will be Bishop
Q'Connell. Papal Envoy to Japan.
The Sonoma will carry more than 300
passengers, amor.g whom will be:
Honolulu— Miss Akt. Mies M. J. Allen. Miss
Agnes Alexander. MiS3 H. J. Auld, L.. liark
hausfn, W. S. liartlett. Mrs. G. J. Becker. Mrs.
P. Benson, I. G. Bottt, H. B. Ulunding, P E.
Bowie. William Bray, Mrs. Bray. \Y. K. Brown,
Vrs. Brown. Miss Winifrvd "Urcwn. Masttr
fj.'vepelt Brown. C. R. Kuckland. Mis* Hazel
I Auckland. Miss Vivian Buckland. J. O. Carter.
Mrs. Carter. F. K. Chat*. E. G. Clark. Mrs.
Clark. J. C. Cohen, Mrs. Cohen, Miss M. K.
Cooke. S. H. Cooke, Capt. Coyne.G.M. Cu&hlng.
Lieutenant W: K. Cushir.an. E. Davis. F. E.
Ivirlir.e. Pr. F. R. Day. Dr A. J. Derby.
Mlm Devlin, Dlcfcson, A. \V. Eames;
Mrs. John E'Snrer. Infant and maid; Miss
Alice Efflnter. Miss liloancr Efflnger. Mips
Louie* Ef finger. L. A. Farrar, O. W. FUh-
Vurn.F.lV. Flanhy. Mrs. Flai.ley. E. B. Giffard.
I. T. Htgner. Mis. Hastier, A. L. Kail, E. C.
Hcr.r>. H. E. H^drick.-, Mre. Hendricks. J.
H. Hcrtscht. Miss Hifjford. T. YV. Hobron.
J. P. Howe, Mis* L. B. Hugus, C. J. Hutch
ins. Mr*. Hutchins, Mi£t= Hutching. A. H.
Jackson. Mrs. P. J. Jacob* Jr.. J. A. John
son. Mrs. Johnson. J. W. Keystone, Mrs.
Keystone. Mrs. P. A. Keystone. H. Kiley,
L. B. Kerr. Mre. .Kerr. Mits Kerr.
F. L. ~LACb.fi. Mrs. L<acaf(, Mr. Lovs-
Etcd, Mrs. Lovsted. J. Oswald Lutied. Mrs.
McXeill. Miss McNeill, F. \V. Macfarlane, G.
Maerten. Mrs. Maerten and child. Dr. F.
Malony. Mr* Maloiiy, Mrs. Martin. J. P.
Mendcnca, Mrs. Merrill. Miss Merrill. Miss
E. Mowbray. A. S. Mullan, Mrs. Mullan,
Mies N. O'Brien. M. M. O'Shaughnessey. Mrs.
A. S. Oiaey. A. J. Oram. Mit-s M. Paty.
Master T. S. Powell, Miss M. Peterson, Mrs.
li.. C. Ray, Mrs. C. B. Reynold*. F. E. Rich
ardson, Mrs. Rlchardscr., M. Rcpenberg. Mrs.
Roffenberr. F. A. Kchaefer. Colonel J. H. Po
per. Colonel Spauldinp. Mies J. G. Sweeney.
Mrs. J. A. Tfcomnson. J. L. Van Sant. T.
Valjeß. T E. Wall, Mre. Wall. W. A. Whit
rey. E. T. Winnnt. H. P. Wood. Mrs. Wood.
.' . J. Sullivan.
Pago Pago — Lieutenant W. C. Brings. Mm.
and child. G. Lober. H. Kruger.
Auckland— Rev. A. Cacitron. John Deans,
A: B. Donald, Mrs. Donald, R. Doueherty,
Mre. Doupherty, R. H<»ald. Thomas Hrw'.tson,
W: Hewitson. John Hlndmarsh, Mr 9. Hind
rr.areh. Mrs. M. Kenney. John Miller. D. C.
Nucent.
Sydney — A. H. Abotomy. Walter Austin,
M:«-s Marlon Bell. A. L. Blum. C. F^ Bick
'. rd, George- W. Braekenridge, Georg« Flecker,
i.»s M. Flecker. J. H. Fuller. John Hall.
•--..11. P. Harrison Jones. J. M. Langton, T.
T.ons: J. P. McColl, M. P.: Mrs. McColl.
::.ss I. H. Mathwcs. H. Nelson. Mrs. Xel-
POB, Miss Edith O" Sullivan. E» Phlllius. E.
si Parrlsh, Frcr.k R. Pratt. H. S. Reid, G.
*hirtcli!Te. Mrs. Phirtcliffe. H. Sievers, Mrs.
Eleven, Mise Sievers. Miss 11. Sievers, J.
Troup. P. Watson. Mrs. Wateon, W. Wyper.
Mrs. Wyper. Mlef Wyper.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— Dr. Frederic
Bell. Mr- BelL
Ballasting- at Low Rate.
The British ship Scottish Moors is the first
b:g foreigner to call at California City. She
is there taicing on ballast and is the first ves
sel to profit by a new arrangement whereby
the expense of ballasting is reduced to a very
low figure. She It anchored within a ehort
clstarice of the quarry. The ballast is taken
out in trucks loaded on ecows. These trucks
ere hoisted over the chip's side, lowered into
the hold and capsized wherever required.
This method of ballasting does away with
dock tolls, wharfage and many stevedores, the
tnJy. handling, necessary I* -Ir.g the first load
!.-.* of the truck* at the quarry.
Not I.nrktnß In .Verve.
Among the passengers who will leave here
fc-dar for Honolulu on the liner Sonoma will
b« a young aan whose name, out of respect
Tor his immaculate nerve, the passenger de
rartment of the Oceanic Steamship Company
vill not -dlvuig*. He was a stowaway on
the liner Alameda when ehe left the wharf
September SO for the island port. The Ala
r-.eda's voyage ended at Fort Point and the
nowaway was landed with the passengers.
H# «j3j>eared at the Oceanic office yesterday
\u25a0*T,l asked for a steerage ticket to Honolulu.
Vhe»i ths ticket was ready he handed orer
tba counter a bill aeainet the Oceanic Steam
fh'.p Company for $86.35. It wa* itemized
*r.a set forth In detail expenditures for board,
1 "ring and car fare from September 30 to
y-.T. of October 12.
"I should have charged something for the
JnccnvenieEce this delay has cauaed me." he
r- marked, "but you treated us so well the day
ihe Alameda went ashore that mother says
] rnlght overlook that."
The young man Is fourteen year* old.
Will lie-enter Coast Trade.
The Norw«rian «te«mer Tellua, which ar
i:ved at Victoria yesterday from Kobe, and
?S*>. Norwegian steamer Terje Viken, also at
Vji-toria, from Shanghai, have been chartered
lv the Western Fuel Company for the coast
< -al trade, in which they both were previously
< -paged.
L.a Repnbllca Clears.
Th« little side-wheel steamer La Repub
lica, built at the FVilton Iron Works for South
American owners, clearea yesterday for Tu
rr.aeo via San Diego ana Acapulco. La Re
tubliea file* the British flag.
Sail* From Honolulu.
The Toyo Klsen Kaisba's liner America
Ulfini, which It reopening the Japanese Hner'6
between thi* port and the Orient, left
Xlcr.olulu for this port at noon yesterday.
l»f> will leave here for the Far East Octo
t 27. *
Tbe Overdue I,l»t,
TT.» vessels on tbe overdue list are quoted
•cr reinsurance as foJlowe: Edmund, 35 i*r
fr.t; St. Donatlen. 10 per cent; Princii>ality.
i* 1 per cent; ASTezlone, 15 per cent; Fortevlot,
*£> per cent; KUmallle. 10 per cent, and Deu
**sse de Berry. 15 per cent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
*>.'.-uior» of Intere*t to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant*.
Thm latest lumber charters reported are:
'.t>* British steamer CWswick. from Puget
S-und to Ancon, at 40e; schooner Alpena, from
.'.v<t Sound to TVintau, 'Ms ad, with option
•'.<"hefoo at 37s «sd; Fhip S. D. Carleton tat
> •••\u25a0lulu), from Pugft Sound to Sydney, 30k,
:•. -irr**} prior to arrival; schooner William
•untrhtm, from Eallard to Guaymas.
The British chip Scottish Moor* is cbar
,»«d for wheat from Tacoma to Europe.
' he bark Louisiana <at Honolulu), proceeds
. r. c to Newca»tl*. Australia, in ballast.
Kxports by the Kottmos Liner.
t German (<team»T MemDbi* cf the Kos
llne tailed ycsti-rday for Hamburg and
ports with a general merchandi*^ cargo
at this port and valued at jyiy.CM," to
\xf distributed a« follows: For Central Amer
ica. f!5.53ft: Colombia, J6ITS; Ecuador SIX :j57
• \u2666era. ?ir..837;- Chile, $^2,110; Holland. SI6BX;
'.'. ::\u25a0:• n. ?2<AO; France, J»"i; Germany, $59-ta.
Th« following were the principal shipments :
To Central America — lVtf bbls flour, 550 etls
corn, M.iGt Ihn rice, 1000 gale wine, "2115
lbs lard, 55 crt* potatoes, 30 crts onions, 4i2ii
'.'.\u25a0f beans, 323 ll>k tea, 15 pkgs tiast-e, S2 cs
assorted canned goods. 30 cs canned ealmon.
Oil Ib» bread. SSO lbs rpice*. 410 Itm dried
fruit, GOO lbs codfieh, H c* table preparation*.
733 \u25a0-.- gasoline, !.'.«. cs coal oil. 21 pkgs acid,
32 cs painte, 27 j)kc» olip. 12 cs caps and fuse.
1*".". cs -powder. 5M51 ft lumber, 1300 railroad I
ti*>g, CSO3 !b» 'Z ee BXle grease, 7!^»1 lba sul
phur, 5 bbla crude oil, 12 bbls tar, 10 coils
rojj*. 6 cs pipe, 2 cs turpentine, rJ2 hoge,
18 horses, 10 bead cattle. • •
To Colombia— lol bWs flour, 23U5 g-al» win*.
2400 lbs rice. 1500 lbf eplr-.ee. 152 cc beer. 14
•pkfcg fresh fruit*. 8 crt» potatoes, 16 cs canned
falmon, 15 cs aiworted canned goods, 4 crts j
onions, C 55 lbs raisins, 5 pkes srrocetieß and
•provisions, 740 keg-s 1« cs powder. 2 c* caps
tnd fuw», 2-t.OOO lbs cement, 4103 pcs pipe, 15
trts doors. 2 bales leather. 2 bbls pitch.
To Ecuador — 2175 bbl« flour. 3752 gals 8 cc
*^ii,e, 36 cs whisky, 3057 lbs dried fruit, 425
'P~ raisins. 175 cc canned s-ainicn. S3 cr as
jForted canned roods, 170 crte potatoes, 7 o
#rin. 103 lb*> tea. 98 pk«» erocerie* and pro
virionji. 36.4W lbs tallow, 329 colls rone. 28
c» <Jru»r*. 9 <lrums acid. 102 c» eoap. 8817 ft
lumber. 4 cs fuse. .34 bales paper bags, 00 bdls
brocms. .*" , ."-
To Peru— ls fcbls flour. 20C ctls corn. 102
ctls barley, COCO lbs rice. 12.665 lbs 2 cs dried
fruit. 0U35 lbs lard. 4824/ lbs hops, 174 cs
canned salmon, 334 cs assorted canned goods,
590 lbs saso. 251 lbs epices, 10 crts potatoes,
1135 lbs ham and bacon. 700 lbs sucar, 640
lbs 10 cs millstuffs, ltl cs olives, 4 cs baking
powder, IC4 gais o4 cs wine, 370 gals whisky.
2 bbls beer, 44 pkgs groceries and provisions,
tXV»7(» ft lumber. 24S bdls shooks. 22,256 lbs
tallow. 3960 lbs crease, 32S colla rope, 6 cs
leather. 13 pkgs machinery, 7 bdls brooms. 41
bbla lubricating oil. 13 cs paints. 14 bales paper
bags, 2 cs dry woods.
To Chile — 27.190 lbs lard, 2540 cs canned
ealmcn, 136 cs assorted canned goods. 252 lbs
dried fruit. 161.2C9 lbs tallow, 24 pkgs ma
chinery. 10 cs turpentine, 40 kegs paint, 2 cc
coal oil. * •" '.\u25a0\u25a0•"" \u25a0\u25a0
To Holland— 42s cs canned fruit, 100 cs
canned salmon.
To London — COO *als wine.
To France — 321 cs canned fruit.
To Germany — 42,742 lbs coffee, 34. cs canned
goods, 1 cs olives, 4 cs groceries, 300 lbs
raisins, 2100 lbs beeswax.
Movement of Steamer*.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Elizabeth Coqullle River [Oct. 12
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports. }Oct. iz
Pomona HumboMt .Oct. 12
Porno Point Arena & Albion. jOct. 12
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way PorU ( Oct. 12
Tieer Taconia JOct. U
Phoenix Crescent City , .Oct. U
American .. N. Y. via San Diego.. [Oct. 13
Nome City. . . | Seattle PetP ct - }%
Coronado ' Graye Harbor [Oct. \i
Queen Puiret Sound Ports jOct. 13
San Pedro 'Grays Harbor ;Oct- 13
Eureka j Humboldt iOct. 13
Vanguard j tan Pedro |Oct. 14
M. F. Plant..! Cocs Bay & Pt. Orford.,Oct.,l4
Anubis 'Hamburg & Way Ports.jOct. 14
Bonlta \u25a0\u25a0 Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Roanoke .Portland & Way Ports. , Oct. 14
Aratfonia I China and Japan |Oct. 15
Germanicus.. Oyster Harbor jOct. 15
North Fork.. Humboldt jOct. 15
Redondo ! Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 15
Acme Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 15
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor ;Oct. 15
Breakwater.. Coos Bay :Oct.' ls
Corona ! Humboldt ;Oct. 15
Sea Foam I Mendocino & Pt. . Arena' Oct. 15
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 15
Northland San Pedro Oct. 16
Columbia (Portland & Astoria iOct. 16
State of Cal.. ! San Dleco & Way Pts.iOct. 16
Amer. Maru..i China & Japan jOct. 17
City Sydney.. i N>w York via Ancon...Oct. IS
Coos Bay | San Pedro & Way PU.Oct. 18
City Puebla.. I Puget Sound Ports jOct. 18
Centralia j Grays Harbor !Oct. 10
Nebraskan. .. i Honolulu &. Kahului. . . jOct. 19
Waddcn | Iquique ;Oct. 19
S. Monica... Grays Harbor .Oct. ->j
Enterprise... Hilo (Oct. 21
Costa Rica.. Portland & Astoria (Oct. 21
Siberia China and Japan |Oct. 22
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
October 12. I j'
Despatch... Astoria & Port!and|l2 raiPler 16
State of Cal San Diego & Way.- 9 amjPler 11
Korea .1 China & Japan... 1 pm|Pler 40
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm,Pier 7
Umat'lla .Puget Sound Ports 11 amJPler 9
Newburg.-.l Grays Harbor 2 pmjPler lw
Cascade ..' Astoria & Portland 5 pmjPier 2
j October 13. j
Elizabeth.. I Coquille River 6 pm Pier 20
rv»™ rtav ! San Pedro & Way. 9am Pier 11
C^oVado::: I^,^^ Port* 10 a^Pler 10
October 14. i I
•U' KmsOT LOBL 08 Angeles Ports: 6 pmiPier 2
R.'iripr ' Seattle & Beirhamj 2pm Pier 10
VvkLuard" " Humboldt 10 arn|Pier 27
v'°V™ t v Los Angelea Ports 5 pm|Pler 16
fv/rf \r.f. ' Astoria & Portland 11 am; Pier 24
T>nmo Pt- Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
T>nyWrVe'" J^ B Angeles Ports.f 7 pm|Pier 6
*«t?n« Astoria & Portland 5 pmifier 27
ruvrankm *• V - vSa Ancon..il2 m! Pier 40
r kelson Seattle & Tacoma. 9 am] Pier 20
Pomona .V. Humboldt .. 1:30 p Pier 9
October .15.
Vureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 5
M F Plant CooB Ba >' • • 4P m Fier ~
r Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
b - October 1«. I
•Vorthland Astoria & Portland 10 am] Pier 27
San Pedro.'. Gmyß Harbor .... 2 pm, Pier 10
October 17. I
Corona Humboldt l:3op|Picr 9
UrpAfcwater Coos Bay 6 pmlPier 8
Clarioosa. Tahiti direct 11 amlPier 7
Guten " Puget Sound Ports. 11 ami Pier 9
BonitaV.'..'. ! Newport & Way.. 9 am|Pier 11
: October IS. (
Arctic ..( Humboldt 8 am|Pler 2
<ea. Foam.. I Point Arena 4 pmjPier 2
North Fork .! Humboldt 9 ami Pier 20
October 10. I
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 1 pmiPler 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pler 24
October 20. .
Oregonlan.. New York direct Pier 23
October 21. -I
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan.. N V via Ancon 112 m Pier 40
October 22. I I
City Pupbla Puget Sound Pts.. 1 11 am j Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. | Satis.
Dora Valdez & So ward |Oct. 12
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports.l Oct. 13 |
Santa Clara.. \a.u»»z 4 Seward |Oct. 14
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports 'Oct. 15
Santa Ana... Seward & Way Ports.. [Oct. 16
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. iOct. 20
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. [Oct. 25
Edith v alder & Sevrard (Oct. 'M
Sub, Moon nnil Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Pan Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide i« the same at both places.
THUItSDAY. OCTOBER 12.
\u25a0 Sun rises 6:10
! Bun sets 5 :37
) Moon sets 5:08 a. m.
C ."Time] ]nme| 'Time Time
Jt 1 Ft.!-- — J Ft. J Ft. Ft.
? !L W[ |H'\V| [L W HW
12 I 4:23j 1.3|ll:01 5.2j B:0O 1.8 11:28 4.8
13 4:55! 1.6,11:22 5.2 5:^2 1.1
I HW; !L W ' H W L W
14 0:10 4.7! 5:25 1.9 11:48 5.1 «:« \u25a0 0.9
15 0:53 4.5] 5:57 2.2 12:C7 5.1 6:34 0.8
16 1:351 4.3,' 6:381 2.5 12:25 5.0 7:13 0.7
17 j 2:22| 4.2| 7:03| 2.8j12:5T.| 6:0 7:551>0.«
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given -In the left
hand column and the \u25a0 successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs." The heights given- are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
THE SAN FRANGISGO. CALL, THURSDAY-OCTOBER 12, 1905.
BRITISH SHIP FORTEVIOT, BOUND
HERE FROM SHIELDS AND'P.B
IXSURKD AT 23 PER CENT.
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Sail. '
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
, chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
October 1L IWJS.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.-
SHIPPING IXTELL.IGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 11.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowena
Landing.
Stmr Aurelia. Erickson, 30 hours from Port
land, via Astoria t'S hours.
Stmr Ooos Bay, Nlcolson, 62 hours from San
Pedro and way iwrts.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvlg, 20 hours from
Needle Rock.
Stmr James S Hlggins, Hlgslns, 49 hours
from San Pedro, via Buchon — hours.
Schr C A Thayer, Peterson, 11 days from
Grays Harbor. '
Tug Sea King-, Rasmussen, 32 hours from
Port Harford; ud river direct. : ;
Barge Santa Paula, Pelle, 32 hours from
Port Harford, in tow of tvs Sea King.
' i CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 11.
Ger stmr Memphis, Yon Helms, Hamburg:
J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Di
ego; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Comnany:
Br stmr La Renubllea, Lord, Tumaco via
San DleKo; J B Havre & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 11.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon'Bay.
Stmr* Signal. Bendejcard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, Eureka.
Ger stmr Memphis, Yon -Helms, Ham
burg, etc.
Stmr Gturiala, Kalnln, Monroe Landing.
Stmr Helen P Drew, Gunderson, Point Arena.
Stmr Newsboy, Johnson, Hardy Creek. \u25a0
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Homer Donaldson, Astoria.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Sea Foam, Miller, Mendocino.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega. »
Schr Newark, Maloney, Byxbee Landing.
SPOKEN.
Sept Vi — No lat. lonjf 39 W. ship Arthur
Eevvall. from Honolulu for New York.
Aug 28 — Lat 3S S, lcng — , Fr bark Edouard
Detallle, from Newcastle, Aus, for Port Town
ppnd.
Sept 15 — No lat, long 34 W, Fr bark La
Rochefoucauld, from Penarth for Seattle
TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS. October 11, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Ohio, for
Nome; «tmr Jefferson, for Skagway; Br etmr
Vermont, for Vladivostok. (
Sailed Oct 11 — fcitmr Nome City, for Redondo.;
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct 10— Schr El
Dorado, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 10 — Schr E IC Wood, for San
Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Pasadena,
Irom Ventura.
Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Eureka, hence Oct 10;
stmr North Fork, hence Oct 10.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 9; stmr Eureka, hence Oct 7.
Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr Waep. for San Pedro.
HOQUlAM— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Grace
Dollar hence Oct 6.
BALLARD — Sailed Oct 11— Schr Stlmaon, for
San Pedro. . --
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed Oct 10— Tug Sea
Rover, with baree 93 in tow, for San Fran
cisco. Oct 11 — Stmr Bonlta, for San Pedro.
REDONDO — Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Van
guard, from Port Los Amreles.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Oct 11— Br bark
Landskrona, for South Africa; schr Okanogan,
lor San Pedro; stmr Tremont, for Yokohama
and Hongkong. • ' • . . . :
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 11— Schr Oka
uogan, for San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 11 — Schr Okanogan, for Sari Pe
dro; schr Queen, for San Francisco.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Oct, 11— Schr Salem, for
San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed In Oct 11 — Schr Sequoia,
hence Sept 28 for Belllngham; bark C D Bry
ant, from Nicolaefski; Nor etmr Tltanla, hence
Oct S for Comox, B C.
Passed out Oct 11 — Stmr- Nome City, from
Seattle for Redondo; Br ship California,' for
United Kingdom; atmr Vermont, from Seattle
for Vladl\ r ostok.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Oct 10— Br bark
Landskrona, for South Africa.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr Chico,
for San Francisco. . .
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr M F
Plant, hence Oct 0. I
TILLAMOOK — Arrived Oct o—Schr0 — Schr Guide,
hence Sept 9. Oct 10 — Schr Hugh Hogan, from
San Pedro; stmr Coqullle River, hence Oct 6.\
j SAN DIEGO — Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr American,
'for San Francisco; schr C S Holmes, for
Grays Harbor. - - —
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 11— Bktn Encore,
from Coos Bay; stmr Francis H Leggett, hence
Oct 0; stmr Northland,:* hence Oct 9; stmr
Shasta from BelUneham.' -. :_ . , \u25a0*« \
Sailed Oct 11— Schr Sadie, for Umpqua
River.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 11 — Br. stmr Craig
hall, for Japan: bark Harvester, for .
SANTA .BARBARA— SaiIed Oct , 11— Stmr
Santa Rom. for San Francisco.
. ABERDEEN— SaiIed, Oct 11— Schr Chas R
Wilson, for San Francisco; schr R C Slade, for
San Francisco. .
ISLAND PORTS.'
ELEELE— Arrived Oct B— Bktn Puako, from
Newcastle. Aus, via \u25a0 Honolulu. *\u25a0
HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct 11 12 m — Jap etrar
America Maru. for San Francisco. \u25a0
EASTERN. PORT.
NEW; YORK— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Alaskan,
for SanVrancteco via San Diego, Cal. '
Arrived Oct 11 — Stmr Mexico.- from Colon.
. FOREIGN PORTS. ,
PORT SAlD— Sailed Oct 9— Br stmr Indra
wadl, for New York.: . I . , :
COLON— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr ; ; Mexico, for
New York." .. '.\u25a0- \u25a0 ' •_\u25a0 c '.'..•\u25a0• -\u25a0-::•..;\u25a0 .
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed Oct o— Br stmr Mai
eapequa, for Baltimore.: ;- \u25a0 .
MORORAN— SaiIed Oct B— Nor, stmr Van*- J
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 11—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 50-4S New York ..68-30
Chicago OS-38 Pittsburg 7S-48
Cincinnati 70-44 1 Philadelphia (JS-38
Honolulu 82-74j5t. Louis 68-42
Jacksnvllle 82-72 1 Washington .....7S-C4
New Orleans . . . .76-60 1
SAN FRANCISCO 76-60
THY COAST RECORD.
3 2s 23 ai g* 5
STATIONS. % f c -gg P-a $Z, ?
? * S- •" o . ?\u25a0 ?
Baker 30.06 62 32 SE Clear .00
Carson 30.00 72 30 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.06 62 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno- 29.94 »0 52 NW Clear .00
3. E. Furallon.2a.o7 CO 50 SE Clear .00
Flagstaff W.Oti 68 22 E Clear .00
Independence .20. 0S 76 4i SE Clear .00
Los Angelea ..29.02 S4 T>6 SE Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpais.3o.ol 82 CO N Clear .00
North Head ..30.14 54 52 NW Pt.Cldy .10
Phoenix 29.80 92 54 NE Clear .00
Point Reyes ..29.05 73 C 2 NE Clear .00
Pocatello 30. CS 68 2.3 SE Clear .00
Portland 30.10 60 46 W Rain .02
P.ed Bluff 29.02 86 52 SE Clear . .00
Roseburg 30.04 72 42 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..2!).fi2 86 52 S Clear \u25a0 .00
Salt Lake ...30.10 60 34 W .Clear' .00
San Francisco. 2o. 9S 76 60 W Clear .00
San Jose 29.04 S3 43 NW Clear .00
S. L. 0b15p0..29.98 78 42 N Clear .00
San Diego ...20. *S 72 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.0S 54 36 E Rain .04
Spokane ...... 29. 0S 60 SO W 'Cloudy* .00
Tatoosh 30.06 56 50 W Pt.Cldy .12
Walla Wa11a.. 30.00 Cd 36 S - Cloudy ..00
Winnemucca ..30.08 70' 18 SW --Clear v .00
Yuma ........ 29. 54 00,62 N .Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Rain is falling in Washington and Northern
Oregon, with cloudy weather in Southern Ore-
&on. In California the weather continues fair,
but the temperature has fallen from 12 to 1(5
degrees along the coast. Fog is reported m
the San Francisco Bay section. In the great
valley afternoon temperatures range from SO
to 1)0 decrees. .* :>",- \u25a0.;
Forecast for ' October 12. 1905:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday,
with fog in the morning; light east winds,
changing to brisk westerly. '
1-os Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday;
fresh south winds.
Sacramento Valley — Fair, cooler Thursday;
fresh south winds.
San Joaquln Valley — Fair, cooler Thursday;
fresh north winds.
Coast — Cloudy Thursday, with fog in the
morning; light east winds, changing to brisk
westerly. • -••
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
A. O. McADIE, District Forecaster.
fila. for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Oct B— Br stmr
Athenian, irom Victoria.
SYDNEY — Arrived Oct 10 — Ship Reuce, from
Ballard.
VICTORIA — Arrived Oct 11 — Nor stmr Tel
lus, from. Kobe; Nor stmr Terje Vlken, from
Shanghai.' '
Arrived Oct 11— Nor stmr Titania, hence
Oct 8.
SUEZ — Arrived Oct 11 — Br stmr Nlng Chow,
from Penan* for Liverpool.
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived Oct £— Fr bark
Amiral Troude. from Caleta Colcea.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed Oct 10— Br stmr
Kirklee, for San Francisco. Oct 11 — Br bark
Adderley. for Honolulu.
Memoranda.
NAGASAKI, Oct 11— Nor stmr Arnfrid, from
Hamburg and Ger stmr Kowloon, both vessels
bound to Vladivostok, were captured l-y Jap
anese. \u25a0
Ger stmr Hans Wagner and Ger stmr M
Struve, both bound to Vladivostok, were can
tured by Japanese. \u25a0
FISHERMAN'S WIFE FINDS
INFANT ON HER DOORSTEP
It Is Turned Over to California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty- "
to Children.
Mra. Rose Marinella, wife of an Ital
ian fisherman, living at 561 Francisco
street, called at police headquarters
yesterday morning: with a newly born
baby girl. She said she had found it
on her doorstep shortly before midnight
Tuesday night. It was wrapped up in
a woman's skirt and jacket.
Airs. Marinella told Captain Reynolds
that she has six children of her own,
one of . them a boy. She said if the
abandoned infant had been a. boy she
might have adopted it, but she would
have to be paid for its support, Mrs.
Marinella was accompanied by Mrs!
Dorothea Frontera, also the wife of a
fisherman. She said she had been mar
ried twenty years and had no children.
She offered to adopt the baby if she
was guaranteed payment for . carins
for it. •
The offers of -both women were re
fused and the baby was sent to the
matron at the City Prison. Later it
was taken possession of by the Califor
nia Society, : for." the ':• Prevention of
Cruelty to Children. The police' will
make an effort to find the inhuman
mother. •• . ' \u25a0'-;,':-\u25a0
Marine Licenses Forfeited.
: United r .States Secret Service Agent
John H. Helms yesterday took up the
naturalization papers and Mariner's
licenses of. the following masters and
mates on the ground of , fraud : "John
W. Erickson,. Carl E. Carlson < and Wil
liam Waack.
Superior Judge? Sloss has restored 7 to
citizenship Andrew Martin aiid- Walter
Larsen, and Superior. Judge : Kerrigan
has reinstated Arthur H.- Scott. :";
Engineer's License Suspended.
United, States Local Inspectors* Bolles
and , Bulger = yyesterda y. suspended;? for
ninety; days the! license; of; Chief /Engi
neer H. F. McMullen ' of ,thes steamship
Newport; '; McMullen \u25a0 was ; charged' with
intoxication •- , ' .
ARMY QUARTERS
NOT ADEQUATE
General Funston's Annual
Beport of Department of
California Is Published
NEED NEW BUILDINGS
Posts at Presidio and Fort
McDowell Are No Credit
to the U. S. Govemnient
. General Funston's annual report of the
department of California was issued here
yesterday and -.handed to \ ail officers of
the department. Following a report of
the .record of events, General Funston
states that several of the posts about
here, so far as the buildings are con
cerned, are not a credit to the Govern
ment of the United States. As to the
buildings at Fort McDowell, he says, they
have outlived their usefulness. He sees
no use of maintaining a post there, ex
cept for the use :of casuals. He thinks
the post should be abandoned or new
buildings erected there.
The Government should take action and
improve the grounds at the Presidio to
make them suitable for dwellings. Among
other things General Funston says:
"The condition of many of the buildings
on the Presidio reservation and the ap
pearance of the post in general is not
a credit to the Government of the United
States. This does not arise from dere
liction on the part' of the successive post
commanders, but from long years of ne
glect of one of the most important posts
in the United States and one of the show
places of the Pacific Coast."
In speaking of the grounds at the Pre
sidio for drill purposes General Funston
says:
In connection with this question there should
be taken into corisideration the advisability
of changing to some other station the battal
ion of field artillery now at this post. There
Is no suitable drill ground for a field artillery
battalion on the Presidio reservation nor In
its vicinity. Long marches must be under
taken to find ground suitable for target prac
tice. The ground most used for drills by the
three batteries constituting the field artillery
battalion in question is that part of the reser
vation known as the "golf links." but here the
ground is bo broken and the hillsides so steep
and slippery In places that drills at a trot or
gallop are fraught with no little peril to the
personnel and .. the horses of the batteries,
while the space Is so limited that satisfactory
drills cannot be had. Even the projected fill
ing up of the low land along the bay shore,
while It will furnish & quite satisfactory drill
ground for a regiment of Infantry or a squad
ron of cavalry, will be altogether Inadequate
for a battalion of field artillery. For the same
reasons that apply to the Presidio of San
Francisco, there is no pest In this department
suited for the station of a field artillery bat
talion. , ;'; . £''-?;';;'.• .. .
Referring to Fort McDowell, he says:
At Fort McDowell, on Angel Island. Cal.,
all of the more important buildings of the post,
with the exception of the hospital, are very
old, the barracks especially having about
reached -the limit of their usefulness. The
whole post, with its old wooden buildings hud
dled closely together, \u25a0 Is a veritable fire trap.
There is no apparent reason . for the further
maintenance of this post, except that the loca
tion is a good one for a depot of recruits and
casuals,.- better, .in fact, than the location of
the present . depot on the opposite side of the
Island. Fort McDowell Is unsulted for an in
fantry post for the reason that -there is no
room for drills ' in extended ! order, the hill
slopes near the post being exceedingly steep,
and there being practically no level ground
in , the vicinity. These features,, however,
would not militate against its use as a depot
of recruivi and casuals. In any event, modern
buildings should' be constructed, or. the. post
•abandoned within a year.- > ..
The depot of recruits and casuals, a sub
post of Fort McDowell, is located on the oppo
site or eastern ' side of Angel Island. 'The
buildings at this post are mere »'shacks," with
the exception of the hospital, which 1* a cred
itable brick building. - .
Lieutenant John H. Allen left yester
day for his new post at Fort Sill. Col
onel George H. Toney, commanding the
General Hospital, referring to this young
surgeon said: "Lieutenant Allen has been
stationed here for two years as executive
officer. He has proved himself to be a
thoroughly efficient officer in every way,
and. l am sorry to see him leave here."
Mrs. Malcolm Henry and Miss Cath
erine Wright, whose father is Governor
Wright of the Philippines, visited the
Presidio yesterday, as the guests of Lieu
tenant J. F. Hall. They were shown all
through the general hospital, including
the big new operating .room.
Lieutenant W. P. Goodall, who has been
laid up at the general hospital at the Pre
sidio for the last month with catarrhal
jaundice is fast returning to health.
Captain Chauncey B. Humphrey, Twen
ty-second Infantry^ having reported at
these headquarters on the Bth instant, will
report to the commanding officer. Fort
McDowell, California, for duty at that
station pending the arrival of his regi
ment, which he will then Join.
Leave of absence for one month, to
take effect about November 1. 1905. Is
granted Second Lieutenant David B. Tal
le"y, Third- Cavalry, Presidio of San Fran
cisco, California-
Leave of absence for one month,, to
take effect about the 15th instant, with
permission to apply to. the military sec
retary of the army for an extension of
one month, i 3 granted Captain Lawrence
B. Slmonds, commissary, assistant to the
chief commissary of the department.
Captain and Mrs.- Slmonds will probably
leave on Saturday.
Lieutenant A. R. Jones, Third Cavalry,
returned from leave, registered at de
partment headquarters yesterday.
311 m Johnston Wants Freedom.
An application for a writ of habeas
corpus" for the release, of -Mi^ Jennie
Johnston was made before Judge Cook
yesterday and it was made returnable
this morning. She is the young woman
who is accused of arranging the meet
ing between Henrietta Reush and Ben
nett Millar, who is on trial in Judge
Cook's court on a' charge of criminal
ly assaulting Miss Reush.' at which
meeting Miss Reush says she was in
duced to testify that Millar was Inno
cent of the crime. The police want
to hold Miss Johnston till the Millar
case comes up again to-morrow, when
she may be ordered into custody for
subornation of perjury.
Wanted in Los ' Anereles.
- R.;E. Weaver was' arrested in Oak
land yesterday afternoon by Detective
Riordan on a request' from the Chief
of '\u25a0 Police of Los Angeles. He was
locked up in the City Prison and the
LO3 Angeles authorities notified.: He
is wanted on a charge of. grand lar
ceny for stealing $300 from J. ,F. Gar
wood. Weaver was a sewing-machine
agent.';. \u25a0 • ; " • , '<"4- . \u25a0 '
Alauedn InvestlKatlon To-day.
', United States . Lo ( cal . lnspectors Bolles
and Bulger yfiU begin .this morning at
10 o'clock an Investigation .into the
stranding of j the steamship Alameda.
Captain Dowdell of the steamship has
filed charges with the inspectors, accus
ing ?; Pilot Johnson with the -respon
sibility for the ; accident.
Lt cnl Inspectors Appointed.
I Frank ' Turner: and John B. Wolters
have , been appointed assistant local ; in
spectors of steam aY Seattle.
Mr7' Wolters has been chief engineer of
thesteamship'.Umatllla for eight 'years. 1
Snuißifled Clprarett — Seised.
:, Two thousand six: hundred cigarettes
were ' seized \ by customs searchers yes- ;
terday "in theforepeak of the" steamship
MORE WHARVES
ARE DESIRED
Islais Creek Improvement
arid Creation of Harbor
in India Basin Urged
CHAMBER HAS A PLAX
Newhall Says Governor and
State Legislators Will Be
Asked, to Take Action
, The Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco has set on foot a movement
which President George A. Newhall
says he hopes other commercial or
ganizations of the city will take up.
that, In the end, I^lals Creek and In
dia Basin may add largely to the ship
ping facilities of this port.
The Chamber of Commerce, so says
Mr. Newhall, will put Itself in com
munication with Governor Pardee, with
the California legislators and with the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners
as soon o.J convenient and an official
investigation of the benefits and cost
involved in making an inland harbor
of the India Basin and .improving ana
lining with wharves Islais Creek
will be asked for a preliminary
step to prlng about what is desired.
President Newhall last evening
that the Improvements now proposed
have been discussed before. The dis
cussion has not reached the stage of
acttion heretofore. It was necessary
for some body to step in. and the
Chamber of Commerce has simply put
Itself In position to lead the way. Pres
ident Newhall has communicated with
the Board of State Harbor Commission
ers and has learned that lt Is read>
and willing, to co-operate as much as
possible. :y:-.f: y:-.f
A plan map has been prepared for the
'Chamber of Commerce, which shows
what might be accomplished in the way
of adding wharfage facilities to the
harbor of San Francisco. • As the move
ment is In the formative stage, of
course, there is nothing final about the
map, which serves mainly as an object
lesson and source of suggestions. The
following resolution has been adopt
ed by the trustees of the Chamber of
Commerce:
Whereas, The work of increasing: the dock-
Ing facilities of San Francisco is progressing
aj fast as circumstances will permit; and
Whereas. The Increase at present contem
plated by the Board of- Harbor Commlsisoaers
amounts to 10.00U dockage feet, to be avail
able within the next five years; and
Whereas. It is apparent that the growing
commerce of the port demands larger docking
space, especially with a view to the commercial
needs of the future; therefore be lt
Itesolved. That the Chamber of Commerce
o* San Francisco deems it essential that steps
be taken by proper authorities for the im
provement of Islais Creek and the conversion
of India Basin into an inland harbor.
COMPLICATION'S AltlSE OUT
OF SEARCH WARRANT CASE
Sirs. Sarah Ilerksteln Accuses Joseph
Fuer of Knocking Her Down "\u25a0 ;.
and Robbing Her.
Joseph Fuer, 149 Russ street, was ar
rested in the Hall of Justice yester
day morning by Detectives Regan and
O'Connell on complaint of Mrs. Sarah
Berksteln. 43 Harriet street, and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of : robbery. His attorney, Henry A.
Jacobs, made such an outcry to Acting
Captain- Reynolds against his arrest
that Reynolds instructed Detectivea
Buhner and Freel to arrest Jacobs on
a charge of disturbing the peace. Fuer
was released on $50 cash bail and Ja
cobs on $20 cash.
The trouble arose over a search-war
rant case, Mrs. Berkstein alleging that
Fuer took possession of personal prop
erty belonging to her. 'After the search
warrant was issued on Tuesday, Mrs.
Berksteln says that Fuer met .her In
the afternoon at. Folsora and Russ
streets. He knocked her down and at
tempted to take her purse containing
$35 from her. During the struggle' the
coin fell out of the purse and a num
ber of small boys pounced upon it and
ran away with it. The case will.be
threflhed out before Pcrtlce Judge Ca
banlss to-day. Both parties are re
cently from tbe East.
W§M Natural Laxative sfM
Water mores the h£s
g^i^ Bowels copiously and M^tM
mjm Slves a pleasant, aat- * j
H Isfled feeling that |||||
nothing else \u25a0will — no |||a|
Wgm griping— no purging.
A positive, prompt
relgy relief from Conatlpa- Eji^l
tlon and Bowel trou- |||
Get a bottle to-day ||||
and take naif a glaas J
Egjiil on arising kW-H
\u25a0 ..-,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• . \u25a0 .
DISEASES OF HEN"
Oar modern «nd -a p-to-d«t« methods
for the certain and \u25a0peed? care of Strict v re
. Rapture, Piles. Blood Polaon, Nerv>
oui Debility and Contracted Disorders
have woo for us thousand* of testimo-
nial* from patients who have be«n cored.
. Vnrlcocwle, we treat by oar Improved
medical vibratory method. wL^re others me
- thekulfe. \V« Issur* bond *ia|;n»r»ii-
* tee to cure all cases we undertake. Our Im-
proved French C«n»i for the treatment of
the Injured Prostate never fall. Any man
suffering Irom Weakness and wool* lnd*>
j reloped can obtain from us (free by mull) \u25a0
our 10 day's special treatment and illustrated
chart describing the cause and effect of Lost
Vitality and WnnUn-u. \u25a0 Recent casei
cured in one day by the French Dilating
and Irrigating Method.
Corr»spond«nc* p rival* .\u25a0 Con«ult»ti<m FREE.
the DR. TALGOTT co.
- Vll-iOMAKKBT ST. ,
Opp. Hal»*a " : ' San yrmnrlstw. Cal.
rlD^cpc] CI3R E SICK UEADAUIfc.-
Wlittle Genuine Must Bear
|j IVER Fac-Simile Signature
SAFETY
The most perfect shaving device
on the market. Regular price
?2.00. My special price CI hfl
only OI.OU
Extra blades, each $I*<M*
GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR,
requiring no honing nor strop-
ping; has 12 double-edged
blades. Regular^ pricf C/l
$5- My special price... OHiJU
HONED AND
GROUND. HONING 25c.
Mail Orders Promptly Filed.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. Pitts, the Stationer.
1008 Market St., San Francisco.
We Cure Men for $12.50
/z3F&?!&*£&!!^ Reference I*
£ NOT A DQLUR
§L^~ SB NE£ ° BE PAID
//^ Hr TILL CURED
v^^Tk. SmK ledge place us
*^|l|^Sk/i |-^^^> in the irst
\u25a0^^--^/^-^S* Specialists.
U> cure Sbfa DlMases. Blood Polsoa.
Varicoeele, Stricture, Nervous Decline*
Weaknenii. Piles. Fistula and Disease*
of the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostate.
Special DlKutei — Xewly contracted
and chronic cases cured. All burning. Itchlag
and in«aramatloa stopped In twenty* tour hours;
cures eCacted In seven daya.
W» make bo char** for a friendly talk or
correspondence. Coma to us In the strictest
confidence. We hay« been exclusively treat-
ing special diseases of men for years. Nothing
science can devise or money can buy Is lack-
in? In our office equlDment. We will use you
honestly, treat you skillfully ani restore >xv
to health In the shorte«t Urn* with the least
discomfort and exsense.
If you cannot call* write for symptom
blanks. \u25a0 .- ;'V
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours: 8 to &. 7 to &:3O p. m. dally; Sunday.
9 to 12.
72t> MARKET ST. (Top Floor). S. F.
\u0084 -4&^--W»--^--^.-«^.-^fc^^.--^--^-^,-^.-*^.>
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat J
|museu» of anatomy^
Q Ch liil uun "• kttt"lti J.l.OL A
\ £0^ Ti. Urff.t in«-->ml«»J Vmmilitkt \
, | TCj* W*tl4. *» i»ioe«o» * ««r c*air»oi»d A
Jf^?V^ Jl'j.M pviltl-vrly ran<4 nj ti* *Ulnt f
p& &£\ HftdtZu ea tie C«ut. EiuStjtmn. 0
* !^?« CR JCR2AH-DISEASES 0^ MEM j
t i <>>?(% a C»stn;t»tii>n ft-t* «ad ttrletlT pi-frit* \
0 i »JB?H Ttii^im: n*r«o»»:!y «r by I^twr. A A
\ B T « H .PO"*™ <"*"• la «t«j«m. uaaerr»k«a. ... w..
SP I W t»r Baok, ran«MriT •TA
\ H II M.»«BIACK. *.AlL£i> rXXX. t A T
7 »B.JOBDA!t A CO.. IOSt Marit-t ?t.S. P. 7
fc **£fc - "^W '^flfc*. -^SV \u25a0\u25a0^ l C«v' -l^l^-' J-^^ "*fe*- '^W- J^l^^>^'*# r
OC^yjrRAVKjL.
vCiTH^N. Steamers leave Ptera a
y^WS-^QX and 11. San Francisco:
Mfs For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
(tr/'T!£y*Si V*\ - Tread well. Bain**,
I / V-C*?* I \ Skagwsy. etc.. Alaska— ll
I i Y&MSa/ I "• m - Oct - -• "• 12 - 17 ' ' ii -
VfA \\ " Va* Tt, Not. X. Cbang-s to this
XV^vU Sit/ company's steamars at Se-
NSfljrrrfWX attl«.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes. South BelUn«ham, Belllnjhara— \\ «.
m. Oct. 2. 7. 12, li. 22. 27. Not. J. C3unj»»t
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O f By., at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:38
p. ra.. Oct. 2. 8. M» 29, Not. 1. Corona.
1-30 d. m.. Oct. 3. 11. IT. 23. 29. Nov, 4.
For Los Angeles (vis Port Los Angeles and
Redocdo). San Dleeo and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rc*a. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anareles <vta Saa Pedro and Ease
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Bar.ta Cms. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Lulu Oblsso). Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Oct. 3. 13. 21. ». Nor. 4.
BonlU. 0 a. m.. Oct. 1. 6. 17. 23. if or. X.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymai (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
"ALASKA EXCTTRSIONB. Season 190«— Th»
palatial Alaska excursion ateamshi? SPOKANB
wir leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria June 7.
21 July 5. 19. August 2.
For further Information obtain folder. High;
Is reserved t:> change steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery at.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market »t.. and Broadway
wbarve*. Freight Office^ — 1(1 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San F*rancts«o.
— —
AMERICAN LIKE.
Plymouth — Cher foonrjc— Sont h a mpton.
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New Vorfc— London Dlreet.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOGMB
RED STAR LINE.
Antwerp— Dover— London— Part*.
WHITE STAR LINE.
New Vork — (lueen.Htnwn — Liverpool.
Boaton — aneenstown — Liverpool.
?t- To tbe Mediterranean.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPT T BLIC.Oct. 19. Xoon;Nov. 30.Jan.28.Mar.9
CRKTIC - Nov. 4, Dec. T
CELTIC (20.90* tons) Jan. «. Feb. IT
• FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC Oct. 28. Dec. 2. Feb. 3
CVNOPIC Nov. IS. Jan. 13. Feb. 24
q i> TAYLOR. Pasgeriter Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st.. San F*rancteco.
TOYO^KISEN KAISHA
ORIENTAL S. S. CO.*
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First anfl
Bracnan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong. calling at Honolulu. Kob«.
iHloeo) Nagasaki and Shanghai, aad con-
necting at Hongkong with rteamers for In-
d!a, etc. No cargo received on board os day
cf sailing.'
8.-6. "AMERICA MARtT* FRIDAY. Oct. 2T.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company**
office, seventh floor. Mercnants' Cxchanga. ,
i W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 12. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 17. 11 a. m.
I.P.SPRICELS k BSOiQ.iltS. TicXit 0323 W3 IK-
til .- rmzm csci 327 Mar^t si. Pier 7. Padii ;l
Conipwsnle Generate Transatlantlqnr.
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE— Parta ~£-pp»
tiaiMng every Thursday Instead of
Saturday. 10 a. m., from Pier 4i
- North River, foot of Morton st.
Flrst-ctas» to Havre. t7O and upward. Seo.
end class to Havre. *45 and upward. OEN-
EK>L AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A.ND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tcrk. J. F. FTOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coajt
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franctsetx
Tlfh»t« rn'A >>v nit \u25a0Railroad Ttrket Asrents.
BAY AND IJfTERVHB»X ROtTE*.
MARE ISLAND BAVY Y.4RD,
VALLEJO and NAPA
Napa \/«ll-©y Hout©
MonUcetlo S. S. Co. »«J Napa Valley El»o-
tric R. Ti .Co. Close conßecflona. V
«— ROUND TRIPS DAILY— «
Boats leavo Saa \u25a0 Francisco T:w>..*»;*3 a,
12:30 noon. 3:13* e:l)U. »:3O p. m.
Ban Francisco landing and office. Plar X
foot of Mission St.: one block south Market- j«.
Ferry. M«aU a U earta. Phone Mala IMC. .
•Land* Navy Yard direct. <
1112
THE dUf CALL
JOIIX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
~ Address Com— unlcatlons to
JOHX 3-cXAPGirr Manager
\y. J. MARTIN' Business Manager
~ TELEPHONE.
Afk Jor THE Call. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Vleb.
Publication Offloe.... Market anA Thirty _B. F.
Euitortai Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Ct». P«r Week, 76
Ct». Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ou.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage iCash iuh
Order) : -.
DAILY CALL (lndud. Sunday). 1 year. .$B.OO
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday) « mos... 4-00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <_*
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Ye*r *£>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year *=_
FOREIGN {^V-^ferYelriSra
POSTAGE. \ weekly . LOO 'Per Year Extra
6amp;« Coplea will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall «übscribers in ordering change of ad-
«rei« should be particular to give both NEW
\ND OLD ADDREBS In order to insure a
pro— pt a_l correct co— pilence with their r»-
cut— i.
OAKLAND O~FICI3:
jdo Erc*dwey Telephone Main ICS3
AI*AMEI>A OFFICE:
1459 P_* Street, Near Santa Clara Avenu*.
Phone Alameda 639.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
EtB Center Btt«et T ek-rhone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE 1408 G Street, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Weldorf -Astoria Hotel; A- Brentano. 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fltth-aver.ue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
She— c *a House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Xorthern Hots! \u25a0 Treano—t Eouee; AudlttKium 1
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2615».")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
\u25a0TEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Eul'.dir.g
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; ©pea until
11 ». — -
*eO6 Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. m.
$00 Hayes etreet; open unti! 9:30 p. m.
6.'59 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
€lfj L&rkin 6treet; open until 8:30 p. m.
JS4I Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
»(yj Eleventh etreet; open uniil 9 p. in.
IC'JS Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
KOx Fillrr.ore street; open until 9 p. m.
4314 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
until S r>. m.
StEETIXG NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Sa:i Fran- ...
Cisco Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. V
and A. S. Rite, Commandery Hall, A
Masor.lc Temple, THURSDAY EVEN- jfe\
ING. October 12, l'JO5. at S o'clock. 'V=r
VI degree. HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
LA PARKAITE UNION Lodge No. 17. _
F. and A. M., will exempjify the first "W'V
degree FRIDAY. Octob-r 13. at 8 /V\
l>. m., btlore the. Grand Lodge of
California. By order of the W. M.
P. ST. JULLIEN, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ..
First degree THI^ (THURSDAY) «Af
EVENING. S o'clock. Maron* cor- /V^
dially invited. By order of the Mas-
ter^ J. R. GOLDSMITH, t^-cretary.
\u25a0TARR KING Lodge No. 1144, 1\ and _
A. M.. 321 Devibadcro ft.— Special VV
meeting THIS (THI'RSDAY) EVEN- /VN
ING at 7:3» o'clock, for second de-
gree. Visiting brethren cordially invited.
H. F. WRIGHT. Sec
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3<:o. F. ©
and A. M., at Masonic T'niple, fa Post vV
Ft- — Offi'-er.s and members are request- /^rN
od 10 be present at exemrlificatlon of
the second degree by Mill Valley Lodge No
3:>tj THTfI (THURSDAY) EVENING at 8
p. m. By order of W. M.
A. A. ANPKRSON. Secretary.
PACIFIC I»igo No. 1."., I. O. ..».\u25a0,-.
O. F.— Second degree THIS -i£ji®S__fe.
fTHURSDAY) EVENING!. I *ros- rgQ&jriF-
J>ect Hall. Visitor? cordially '^STrii^ ?J "
invited. CHAB. R. HOLTOX, N. G.
M. .!. DUNCAN, R. f^:
UNITY Lodee No. 61, K. of P.. \\\\\
confer the Knight Rank <l~r.g form)
or, THURSDAY EVENING. Oct. 5. 7^^,
at 220 Golden Gate aye. All brothers ._£-"%.
Invited. By order.
JOHK ROBERTSON C. C.
S. W. GATES. X. of R. and S.
*'OLI.» FRIENDS' " GP.OVE No. I^9. U. Jl-%J
A. O. D— The <s<»pr«>« team v/11l confer W<3»
the Bard's d r greo in the amplified form >£a
TO-NIGHT st th° hail. 413 Sutter nl. All
I'ruids are cordially invited to be present.
F. T. SUTCDIFI'E. N A.
S. M. DARRAH. Set. '
THE S. r. Beottlch Thistle Club v CT -^
meetsi THURSDAY EVENING In Qttii
Fraternity Hall. 32 OFarrell st., WX^t
8 o'clock. > «t_?4L
GEO. W. PATTRt'ON, Royal Chief. ;
A. E. <-ARLISLE. Recorder.
CHIEFS and brothers cf Pohonachee *_&_.
Tribe No. lf>. Imp. O. R. M. : You ]3Ja_eC^
are hereby notified t,> attend thf -\u25a0'Kr'rtf
funeral cf our late br»nh»r, FTLANCIS IR-
IVIN, from Hed :»!»nV Hall. 220 Golden Gate
aye.. FP.IDAY O>t. IS, at 1 :3O p. in. By
order. SAM'L H.ARMA.V Sachem.
Avm. NCTTAL3L. Chief cf Records.
Scandinavian Society: You /^} "JJs\.
are hereby notified to at- A3v^32S&XeV*i
lend the funeral of our !at"/^/|§r v=^"-^,\
. — ernbr. JOHN LUNl>|ss9^_Qhl
?TV.OM. tt 1 p. m. TO-MOR- itJ^jiisSsrr/
UO\Y .'Fr:<l?y>. from the \£%G?~&q;J
funeral rarlors of <^-aig. \^Oa^X t^>>
Coeh— m & Co, 429 Golden
Gate aye. By r.rder of
GTOnCE M. RUDEBECK. Presiaent.
GUST. NELSON. Rec. Sec.
ACEVTS WAXTED.
WANTED— A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent for old-established ma-
chine knife manu!acti:rer. Address '"Old K»-
-laL'.ithed." bux C5Bl. Call offlce.
WANTICI.' — Manufacturer's agent to handle
lurgett line of glass signs made in United
h-tates; references must accompany applica-
tion. Address Pittshurg Advertising Co..
Piltsburt. Pa.
AGENTS :uake $10 per day selling our "Mend-
arlp": it sews. It rivets: our "Farmers'
Standby": 8 tools in one: good, side line with
it. THOMAS N. FOOTE CO.. Los Angeles.
AGENTS can make $10 to $20 day; s«-ll phcto
i-ou|>crr. Eagle Studio. 310 Montgomery aye.
ATTORXEY S-AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE; costs $12; Quick, . quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unlese successful; open
evenings: villa, deeds, leaoee, bills of sale
enfi articles of co-partnership carefullf pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections and probating
•if estates. BC7 Market *t.. room 301.
.-..-.- L'IVOHCE cc«t» $12.
«ia-ick. cuiet; lesal advlea free.
No charce. utiless successful.
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
JC. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exa:::. bldg..
<ih floor, entrance room Cll; established 2U
years; al! court*, general courts and office
j-iactlce; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion.- eveninse by arpoir.tment. Tel. Red 3COI.
AI'VICE Iree; legal divorce costs $12: all law
i-a?-e«t handled; no fee In advance; open Sat-
y-day evenings: other evenings by appoint-
ment: call «n<J save money.- 819 Mkt.. r. -i 3.
12 H. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302. cocaialta-
tjn free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
C-UMPLim-; divorce for $20 by able young «t-
torney. For interview ad. lock box 422. city.
ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S eethma remedy cures: for sale
by all drarcists; main depot 1602 Market
et.. St. Nicholas Hotel: 10c. 25c. r»Oc postage.
CHILDREN.
LADY Trants child to board an 4 teach German;
cunry home; garden. 113S Turk st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4oo: FRUIT store; choicest location in the-
Mission- business Al: owner to go to Tono-
pah; a "bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26}4
Keamy et.
A— s2ooo: CORNER grocery and bar with 3
living rooms; choicest location. Western Ad-
dition; rent (34; place established years;
owner to leave America. Call R. G. WILKE.
20 H Kearny st.
A— s2so; WELL established restaurant and
chophouse with 2 rooms; on water front: reM
$10; a rare chance: making money. R. G.
WILKE. 2GH Kearny st.
OLD established bakery in Western Addition;
iaige store trade; bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged in other business only cause
of cale. Call R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny.
CHANCE of lifetime; a painting, whitening,
paperhanginff business; everything complete
to do any job; stock, tools, etc. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Ktearny Et.
A— J2SW; SALOON on California etreet. close
to Montgomery, and "A No. 1 paying busi-
ness; owner to leave city; full value in
ti^ht. All particulars at It. G. WILKE'S,
-ti'.j Kearny. St.
A— JL'txjo; COIiNER salcon In wholesale dis-
trict; mercantile lunch; no Sunday or night
work: place doing a rushing business;
would exchange \u25a0 for property. R. G.
WILKE, 2>iVa Kearny Bt.
A — fl'&O: BAKERY and conicctionery on Mason
B*.; 2- years' lease; established 20 years;
\u25a0•ionic!}' sal*s $1200; a rare chance. Particu-
ir.rs R. G. WILKE. I'U'yfe Kearny at.
A— *ICOO; BOTCHER shop with 5 years' lease:
very best location; Cth ano .Market sts.: fu}l
value in sight; a rare bargain. Call K. G.
WILKK. •-•o>i Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; BAKERY; 'established jears; baking
4 barrel? a day; 2 ovens. 2 horses, 1 wagon;
large store trade. Particulars at It. G.
WILKE'S. 'M\*. Keaii-.y st.
NEWSPAPER MEN AND PRINTERS.
If you undvr.sr.and your business and have or
can quickly raise at least JIO.uOO cash, there
Is an opportunity to buy all or "part of one
of the i>est paying publishing and printing
businesses in tho West. It is not a cheap
proposition, but the piiee is wry low fcr
\u25a0w hat '.» effered. 11l health reason for sell-
ing. Full Investigation afforded one who
shews that he means business. Address box
377 U. this office.
WANTED — A No. lmill supp'.y and machinery
house to act as agent *or old-established ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address "Old Es-
taLUEhed." box 3551, Call Office.
"— s
WELL-KNOWN restaurant for ra.le: doing
good business; in a city not far from S. V.:
lrcated near the courthouse, fronting P. O.
and theater; completely furnlslieil: French
range. 17 tables, private rms; cash reg. ar.d
refrigerator; cheap; tine opp. for right party.
App. Rlanda & Co.. H2T Montgomery yt..S. F.
WELL established incorporated real estate
company deslrts services of competent man
as manager of one of their country offices;
gocd live town, of -SCO within 50 miles of
S. F.; must be a hustler anJ have $1000
cash or security. Bex :;7.*il. Call.
HOTEL AND SALOON—
$1100 — In factory district. Hotel and saloon
with 18 furnished room?'. Liqucr. license,
clock end everything goes at this price.
Business amounts to 55ifJ per month. Own-
er leßvlrg city. 1460 San Hruno aye.
~ ~ FOR SALE.
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
h?rn«eF<'. saddlery, fhoe findings and leather
business on the coast 'or tale; can make, all
the money you want. Corres]»cnd with JOHN
T. STOLL. Sacramento, Cal.
AN energetic man with $2500 capital, or a good i
plumber with that amount of capital can
buy an interest and -draw a salary In a got^l
paying business* investigate at ence. Box
INrIJS. Call office.
FOR sale — One of th? leading- restaurants In
Berkeley: price $1200. For further parUcu-
Uie apply to J. P. HALE. 1511 Shattuck
aye.. northwest corner of Hhattuck anJ
Union st. .
$L<K' — PARTNER wanted; established business;
no previous experience require! : sure to pay
$90 a month to each: steady man required;
call and inquire. KCT'j Market st., room 2.
$XC0 — RESTAURANT and lunch ro</m; flne
business; best location; must fell quick for
KOoJ reason; a bargain. D. L. JUNCK, 2111
Phattuck aye., Berkeley.
$S00 — REAL estate business with lease; low
rent: good location. J. P. HALE. 1511 Shai-
tuck aye.. or cor. University and Shattuck
ayes.. Berkeley. Cal. '
SHOE store; family trade; furn. 'rooms; cash
reg.: good repair tiade: owner going East;
KO<>d man can clear $ir>o mo. 800 Larkin st.
WANTED — Man to'joln high class magician;
no experience necessary; must have small cap-
ital. Prof. Lome, 122 J Geary, hours 1-3. 7-8.
FOR SALE- Bufin-.-s requiring $2Q,«\iO: will
interest party winning to place active son;
control Ep'.llr.K end. Bex 3T3T. Call. .
FUR «ale— Office furniture, desk, chairs . type-
writer: office to renl; fine location. Cal!
8 Taylor Et4 room 319 Donchoe building.
NEWSPAPER route for scle in Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business offiVe for particulars.
$150— BRANCH bakery, stationery, notions.
Candy, etc.; 4 : vent SlO. 122:; Steiner st.
FOR sale — Saloon doing good businc-ss; fine lo-
cation; iirice reasonable. Apply 84»> Folsom.
fiOOD oyster hous» for sale; selling on account
of skkness. .r>o. r >0 Seventh, opp. new postoffice.
$2<k— FINE restaurant, seating capacity 75;
cost ?7. r >(J: gran<l bargain; invest. 932 Mission.
SALOON, downtown. JOSEPH STRAUB. C3O
Market Et.
FOX sale — Roadhouse and hotel; near city; do-
ing ee.od business. Box 3705. Call.
I CANDY and ice cream parlor: well established;
Koud location; $SCO. 621 Vallejo St.
! HORSESHOEING and black.-mith shop: goo'l
cash trade: a snap. Address box 3G2S, Call.
j A COAL yard cheap; also rooming-houses, $2Co
and upward. Call 336 Phelan building.
LAUNDRY plant fcr sale; good order. SPECK,
2132 Folsom st.
A CITY outside route of The Call for Eale. Ap-
ply 21 04 Twenty-fourth st.
ELECTRIC laundry, eat. 8 yrs., for sale, in-
cluding prop; doing good bus. Bcr "-.2(5, Call.
GOOD Cail route tor aair. Aijo- it Call
office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the "reception
of -advertisements' and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open unti! 11 p. m.
. • \u25a0 BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your books; nothing too large.
nothing too small; we make a specialty o£
keeping tniall eets of bocks.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Vel. Montgomery 1311. 930 Market st.
' btCVCI.KS.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchangi-d. J. W. FRY, IS2'J Polk st.
LODGING-HOUSES l-'OIt SALI2.
1 . ; x.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Basiruc-ss Chances.
Fine home, choice "location, 12 extra well
furnished room*, where you can clear $00 per
month and have 3 best rooms. —
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
~ SCHWEINHARD & CO.. ~ ~~
Real Estate and Roomlng-House Brokers,
1008>4 Market St., opp. 3th; phone Jcs«le 3041.
Buyers: We have houses to suit you; honest
values guaranteed or no sale.
FOR Kale— A centrally located and profitable
lodging-house of 120 rooms; present owner
has had It over 20 years; no agents. Ad-
cress C. H.. box 3740. Call.
FOR talc— Cheap; a rooming houxe of 18
moms; all full and paying; good furniture
and carpets; low rent; must be sold; no rea-
1 sonable oflf>r refused. Bos 378}. Call.
FISHER & CO. Phone Main 3354
Room WS, James Flood Building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
PRIVATE boarding-house;- factory district.
CrM at grocery store. 1030 Folsom st.
i fWK) — 17-ROOM house; clears 560 month: rent
$15. Cl 3 Turk st.
NEATLY furnished 22-room lodging-house: flne
transient trade; bargain for cash. 116 4th nt.
nooining-Houwfa and Hotels for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN. •
870 Market st.. Room SOl. Eighth Floor.-
Roomlng-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic ElaTtlc^fTussPrpr^
feet retainer: positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 208 Kearny st., room 307.
VHii SAN FR^NGISCO;CALL,THURS!^\Y: OCTOBER 12, 1905.
CLATHVOYAXTS.
AA— - PROF. NIISLO.
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL DKAW-T RANCI3 ' CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS, $1.
?1 00— IX>W FEE— $l 00.
BRING CALL' COUPON AND SAVE $4.
\u25a0MY $5 COMPLETE LIKE HEADING ,
FOR $1 IF • YOU HRING THIS ,
ADVERTISEMENT.
41IA ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES ST.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFIED WHEN
READING IS OVER— YO'I TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
' guarantee to molie no charge if I fail to call
you by name in full, numrs of your friends,
onemles or rivals. I promise to tell you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart is
true or false; tell you how to gain tha love
of the one you most desire, even though
miles away; how to succeed in business,
speculation, -lawsuits; how to marry the, one
of your choice; how to regain youth, health
ar.d vitality. Removes fivil influences, cures
1 drink habits, locates treasures, cures all
nervous diseases.
How can I- have good Juck 7
How can T succeed in business? \. - •-.
How can I make my home happy? l*f-
liow can I conquer my. enemies?
How can I Marry the one .1 choose? p \u25a0
Huv/ can I many well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rivals?
How can I make any one love me?
How soon will my lover propose?
How can 1 get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can 1 control any-ona?
Hew make distant ones think of me?
How can 1 hoM niy hupbnnd's love.'
How can 1 keep my wife's love? .
Oldest Established. First Registered.
Best Known Clairvoyant in California.
Others may rane and. others may go, but
Professor NIBLO always remains. '
Hours, lo io S <lai!y and Sunday.
411 A ElKs st.. near Jone« at.
Permanently located in his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO. \u25a0 \u25a0
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
: 1 1£ you wish reliable advice torsult PROF, j
LIVINGSTONE. , . .. .. I
I You hear the truth and nothing but the j
: truth, be it good or bad. He positively refuse* j
to accept any lee in advance anri leaves it 10
your judgment whether ho has i.ertormed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading M)o. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 2CVi Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A PHENOMENAL ?5 mental reading for SI.
ST GEOKGH: ORMONDE JO3l Market »t.
Yoshi Initiate, clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Tell you more than all others combined;
how to overcome sickness, drink or wax
habits, enemies, epells, lest vitality, baa
luck; find treasure?, valuable wines; marry
powers of control; reunites separated: im-
plants business succ£s=. Hours 10 to 8.
tIO.CCO for his equal; readings by mall $2.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St..
Clalrvo>ant. crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of IU«; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest reliable, satisfactory leading: reveal 3
the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business:
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love: reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m.: French. German. English spoken.
CASSANDRA. 1007"/. Market st., near Sixth —
Before taUinff any important Step in love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, sales. Invest-
ments journeys, health, consult the great
clairvoyart and palmist, Cassandra; she is
the fair.ous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also the assassin-
ation of President McKlnley; readings. $1;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and Psychic; the oldest and
best-known clairvoyant in San Francisco.
Reopened Jit »C« O'Farrell st. Hours 10 ti>
B. Readings by mall. $2.
ISMAK. Egyptian peeress, The Vendome, ,1101
Market sU San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
«. m. to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12. Phone
South 1141. ;
A SAFE Investment — Your life read accurately
by Mme. Roberts, clairvoyant, palmist, mys-
tic card reader: her power of clairvoyany is
marvelous; trial will convince. 10814 Hayes.
MME BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
MAIE KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me; good
reading 26c: no sign. 102 M; 6th, nr. Mission.
MISS ZEMDAR. -young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names 50c, »1. 1035 Filimore, nr. McAllister.
RETURNED, MME. ODELL, card and tea-cup
reader: 2f>c-50c; satisfaction puar. 505 Jones.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names; advice In all affairs. 5 4th st.
MRS SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, hn,«
removed from ICS Sixth Rt. to 954 Mission.
\u25a0 —
SPIRITUALISM.
MARGRET ALDOKA. spiritual medium, just
from East: circle Wednesday and Friday
evenings; readings dally. <59 Geary st.
A MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c. 1901 |
Post, nr Flllmore: readings tlaily. $1.
'\u25a0 EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy st.;
readings. Hotel Higglns. O'Karrell St.
PALMISTRY.
A — RETURNED, H. Jerome Fossellt. scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tcl. Black 3«08
II YPJfOTI S M.
AILMENTS of nerves or mind cured: no drugs.
De Lauff, magnetl3t, 709 Bush; hra., 1-5, 7-8.
CARPET-nKATIJVG AXD CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proces used
for cleaning carpels on floor without remov-
al; carpet and rugs al?o clraned by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company, 30S Mar-
ket et. ; phone Main I£'J and Bush 479.
WHEN you become d!£?ustc<J with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Plonetr Carpet- Beat-
ing Works. 353-337 Tehama st. Tel. bouih 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works, ISO 9 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning, .Je. FREi> HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye, & Larkin; phone East 120.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; . tel. Mission 49. |
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Et. ; I
tel: Main «94. GEO. WAL.COM & CO.. Preps.
MITCHELL'S; 240 Fourteenth st.— Firat-clasa
carpet cleaning, 3c yard; Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH &. CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
icasonable. 17a1 Harrison «t. ; tel. Mission 2U3.
LACE CURTAINS AND tJLANKETS.
BRANDTS New York Curtain House; most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. l;; 24 Filimore: phone West fi."!o<i.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $J; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st., rooms. 9-10. Tel. Main 5550.
DENTISTS."
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL~COM?Xnt7
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest v prices'.
Full set of teeth, $2: stiver fillings, 25c; gold
liliinss. §I*. gold crowns, $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market fit., corner Turk. ;\u25a0 -,\u25a0--
A NEW plate— The . Whalebone— Cannot break;
. warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full- set; all work- painless and
warranted. Chicago Der.tal Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, near 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $U per set; extracting 50c; gas given..
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,,
60c. New York Dentists, C(i9 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist.' removed to 406
Sutter Kt., ixoins 7 and S.
GOLD fillings, 75e; Ellver. 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain; op. Sun Dr.A. C.Hewitt. lol l4 Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWART'S Lining. Pleating and Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor st. will remove, to 14
and 16 Taylor st. about October . I.
MRS. ESTEB.' fashionable dressmaking. St/
„ Kathrjn Hotel. 4SO. Ellis; tel. East 1359.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Ere, .class: patterns cut. '. 111)0 Market 'st.
DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
CARPENTER and builder wants work by da_
or contract. C. C.':" LEROY,*: 502 Jessie st. •
EDUCATIOXAI,;
DANCING, both "adult; and. children's -classes,
now . open , at . ; Hlnman's ': School of, \u25a0 Dancing,
1412 Polk st.. near California;; phone 2126.:*,.
ENGINEERING— CiviI.' clcc.. mln.," m eeh.. sur-
tvey.i assay, ryani'Je; day", 'we; est.'lN64. - Van
d*r Nallien School, 113 Fult..n, nr. City Hall.
EnurATTOXAL-~Coittlniic fl.
A SCHOOL TO MAKE ''.MEN,--
NOT TO MAKE/MONEY.
Over hair a million invested; Young Men's
Christian Association Institute of Practical Ed-
ucation Mason and Ellis: ats., San Francisco;
night antf day c%.sces; foreigners taught Eng-
lish; night' und day ' school" tor men; school for
employed boys; night law school; 30 subjects
•aught; 25 'Instructors'' employed;.. steam \u25a0 tngl-
1 nterlng a specialty: all cominerclal branches:
a full business " cours: ; 'the • tfreattst system of
night ichools ir. existence: gymnasium privi-
leges included toffctudeßts; apply. for descriptive
catalogue.
\u25a0" II. "-.;. McCOY, General Secretary.
E. E.. ESDON. Acting Educational Director.
ALL who desire to prepare for teachers' exam-
inations or State normal schools should Join
the special fitting, classes of the. Lyceum,
-. Phelan bldg. -noted specialists in charge, who
prepared many successfully; excellent refer-
ences; .shortest time; moaerate. rates; teach-
ers now In great demand. ,y. "\u25a0 \u25a0'.
A— THE Lyceum, an excellent, preparatory
• school for university, lav.' and . medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds' of students euc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you; day, |
evening tesslpn;' references President Jordan
or, any -Stanford prot'egsor. Phelan bulltllng.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS. COL., 033 Market,
conducted -by -ltobt. F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so: shorthand typing, bookpgr. Catalogue.
ALL who -desire good positions -should, attend
M.hls -college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
kp.e, 73S Mission St.; '..•\u25a0\u25a0
THE P.-iul Cerson School^ or Acting," the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning. In America; "• '.positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue.. Native Sons' building.
HE \LITS School of Mines and Enginering, 24
Post st S. F • civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S -BUSINESS -COLLEGE/." 24 Post st
Established 16U:;: largest inthe West; annual
" enrollment l(H)0; ,^nd. for .circular. --
VOICE culture, singing, piano: Italian method;
class, « now rcrn:ing. .MKS. KKANCK. 644
V Filimore st. * .. \u25a0 \u25a0
I BOOKKEEPING Kn?.. . mat,h.. etc., day and
! eve. ; individual ir.str. \u25a0 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A METRO PCLITAN-California-Students Join-
ed. Business. StsnoKraphic. 925 Golden Gate.
A— SPANISH French. Italian, English branch-
es. MRS. AMES, I"ll. Octavia St., nr. Geary.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- * Day and.
PARTINGTON'S. i-i Post st. — Night claases.
E3IPJ.OYMEXT ; OPKICES.
A— ORPIIEUM Employment office — Japanese,
Chinese help; removed to 5C2 Sutter St.. be-
twet-n Pow.-ll.and Mason: tel.- Main 8752. -
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George rial;auye,-421 Post st.; tel. Bush 133.
STAR Employment^Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 400 Powell st.; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japamse-Chlnese emp. office
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 I'cst st.; tel. James 501.
A— JAPANESE anrl Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY, 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 859.
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. offlce; C.
CHONG'S. removed to.BIS Pineitel.Orant 156.
Finfst Japanese help: housecleanlng specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason: tel. James 5251.
H. W. HONG, 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
ment offloe: b°st help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l!? 07. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chlnesa help of all kinds furnish-
' ed; housech-aning. 70S Taylor; James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 6"188.
E3I I'LOYMEXT WAXTED— -FEMALE.
A GERMAN cook wants situation for cooking
or light housework; wages $30/ Please call
748 Howard st.; no postals.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wishes position in
hotel. Phone Main 3425. -
A COMPETENT woman desires care of Inva-
lid; experience, references. Box 3755, Call.
A GIRL wishes position for general house-
work. Apply 1201 Clement St., Richmond.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from Chicago
wishes day work iv families. Tel. Main 3425.
A GOOD housekeeper; \u25a0an elderly,: respectable
woman wishes situation to do light house- j
work or to care for- the sick; good mother
to children. 334 Waller St., .between Web-
ster anfl Filimore.
A NEAT, reliable young woman wants posi-
tion In small family to do general house- j
work and plain cooking; no washing or chil- ,
dren; wages $25. Address E. M.. 1212 Hyde.
WANTED — Position of trust, managing house-
keeper or matron, by a middle-aged New
England woman; only flrst-class parties need
answer. Address A. R., 1038 Ellis St.
AN artistic dressm aker and designer wishes
few more engagements; $2 50 per day; work
satisfactory- Phone Church 6427 before S:3O
a. m. or after 6:30 p. in.
I DRESSMAKEP., ladies' tailor. Jacket, ccat,
suit maker, shirt waltt. suits; work*taken in;
fils guaranteed: satisfaction given; engage-
ments per day. MISS BARSS. 321 Franklin.
A RESPECTABLE, middle-aged German
woman wants to go out to do cooking, iron-
Ing or housecleanlng by the day; no washing. 1
Box 3703. Call office. - .-. - -
INTELLIGENT reader desires engagements;
reading to invalids, blind or elderly people
or children. Address Reader. 68 Waller st.
TRAINED nurse. would like a position In an
institution or to take charge of an invalid;
highly ••ecommended. Box 3747,, Ca11. '
POSITION wanted, by- an experienced book-
keeper; competent and reliable. MARY M.
FAHEY. 5.",S Turk st. .
COMPETENT laundress wishes work by the
day; Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
Phone East 4343; evenings.,
WANTED by 3 colored ' girls from the E ast—
Cook, chamberwork or laundress; hotel or
private. Call or address 1006 Clay et.
YOUNG German woman, experienced house-
keeper, wishes position in a Christian | fam-
ily only: wages $30. Address 144 Day at.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants position; is
also stenographer; references. Box A,* Call
office, San Jose. . :
A RELIABLE. Iady, wishes. to take care of chll-
I dr<n eveninss during parents' absence; 25c
j hour. Phone Page 7931. - - '
FINLAND girl, good cook, wants work, Ameri-
can family. $.10. 220 Rltch St.- .
GERMAN woman .wants to do upstairs work;
speaks very little English.; Box-3769, Call.
FIUST-CLASS German cook wants situation;
wages SIP. '558 Stockton \u25a0 at. :
OBSTETRICAL nurse; doctor's references. 424
Fourteenth 'St. • Phone Church~32os. \u25a0
WANTED — A' pos-ltion as companion and maid
to a lady. Box 8H22. Call offlce. ;
ELDERLY woman? wants position in small
family for light housework. 211 27th st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— -MALE.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook, hotel. $60 month.
Fin<> cook for steamers, also chief, $60; sec-
ond cook, $."{f> and $40. • • •
First-class laundress, $30 month up. \u25a0
Good chamberwork, 530 month up.
First-class help' always on hand 1
GEO. X.. propn. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
YOUNG German,.., 21. yea— i,.- wants situatlcn;
j private, etc. ; any kind of work; reply please.
, Box 8756. Call .office.- . -'-.--\u25a0\u25a0:.•-
YOUNG man, business college graduate, would
like a position In \u25a0 some' offlce as assistant
bookkeeper. Box 3744, Call. \u25a0 \ »
WANTED—^Position by flrst-class confectioner;
city or country- Address -A.- ' S.j care of
CHARLES ESSELL, Call. . - .
AN experienced elevator boy wants Job. - SAM,
121 Ilalcht at.itcl. Fell 7931. .
CARPENTER wants v.-ork by " the flay or job-
bing; reasonable. 1020 Mission st. .
YOUNG man desires occupation "en poultry
ranch. JOLI y Y. 2137 Center st.,' Bsrkeley^
POSITIONS wanted by man and .wife as cook
anil chambermaid; city or 'private place; re-
llable. Pox ri'u;, Call office. - .
YOUNG . man. \u25a0 2S years f Id, wants .to learn
. painter's trade, i-Jgn or t house. Address box
"71.!. Call office.. --\u25a0•.-.'...
WANTED — Position „ -first-class-, chauffeur In
private family ;: can lurnlsh references. Ad-
: . dreFS . JOS. /> J. . VWAMPACH. : Hotel , St. J
\u0084 Jamea, corner "Bush st. and Grant; aye. \u25a0 1 .
CARPENTER— Foreman, 1 flrst-class I mechanics
wishes to take charge jof . work for 1 prlva te'
part its: those that .Want to V build i resiliences
cr flats;"city or country." Box 3748.-'. Call/--- \u25a0\u25a0•
EXPERT, accountant wants 'small set. books
for . firms '\u25a0- or ' persons ?to keep - evenings or
, Sundays; terms -low; -interview : requested.
: Box 3650.V Call." . v ;.;-.:: __ ' ', : _t .
SOBER, industrious "i man, middle-aged, '• wants
situation; private place; house, garden, etc.;
can do plain cooklngr'references; wages $'_'0. -i
80x '3738." Call of flee. ,
EMPLOY3IEXT WAjVTjED— MALE— Con.
YOUNG man (25) wishes situation as butler In
private family: understands his duties: has
long and excellent references; can also drive;
'country preferred. Address M. MANNING.
22 Lancton Et. .
A YOUNG," active married rr.an, age 30, doed
' any kind of work, not afraid of work, wishes
steady employment. 2011 Vi Hyde st., or
box 3754, Call offlce. . . \u25a0 . '
YOUNG man. aged 21, with 3 v year^' experi-
ence In ths hardware business^ wishes posi-
tion filling orders or 'selling goods: or
country; best of references. Box 8707. Call.
YOUNG business man frcm East wants charge
of store, or cleric: S years" experience in
general merchandise; reference. L. E.
EARSLEY, 1514 Mission at. \u25a0
AN honorably discharged cavalry sergeant. 26
ye:ird of age, ih:<»acter excellent, deslrea poal-
- tlon handling horses fcr flrst-class people.
Address box M'Si. Call office. . \u25a0 ; _ '
WANTED— Pcsjticn around private place by
reliable man; v understands care of horees and
I gardening; handy with .- tools. H. 8., 613
Montgomery st.
POSITION of any kind wanted by an honest,
reliable man; handy with tools and ex-
. petienied ilrlver. Box 3779. Call office.
BARBER, young married man. wants, steady
position: 5& years In last place.. Box 3772,
CalljOfflee. .. . \u25a0 \u25a0 -
GARDENER and all-around man, sober and
steady, wishes situation: well recommended.
Adddress Garder.er, 331 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS cook. Belgian, single man.
wants place in private family or. boarding-
house : references. Bos 3725,~ Call. •'-.
AY ANTED — Position by candy-maker; 25 years'
experience: all around man; best of refer-
ences. Box 3729, Call office.
BLACKSMITH and carpenter who understands
all kinds of work on a. ranch wants posl-
tlon. A. JOHNSON. 529 Sacramento at.
SINGLE man wants position in city; does not
uj-e tobacco or lntoxlcents; wages moderate.
Address E. 8., box 3619, Call' offlce.
GERMAN, middle-aged, "wants position as
Janitor or. lunehman; experience and refer-
ences. Box 3fiS3. Call.
AN experienced, all-around butcher desires to
get work or to' get Into partnership: city cr
country. Address F. B-. 1547 Fifteenth st.
COOK, flrst-class. sober, active, steady, wen-
recommended, wishes situation in a fanilly
hotel. Addregg 44 Hirtford st. .- \u25a0
CARPENTER (flrst-class) wants work; day or
contract; old houses shingled. W. M. PEAR-
SON. 48 Eatt at. .
GERMAN houseclean«r wants house arid win-
dow cleaning. A. POHLSEN, 700 Van Ness.
FIRST-CLASS German barber wants position.
Address M. BOCHOW, 635 Stevenson Bt.
MACHINIST. 20 years' experience, of Inventive
habits, wants work. Box 3GSO. Call office.
EOILERMAKER wants employment. Apply
box 3GIO. Call. ;
GROCERY clerk wants position; good recom-
mendatlon. Box 3C45, Call offlce.
FIREMAN wants posltioit; -t year'e experience
In coal. Address 3614, Call offlce.
NIGHT worker: Japanese boy; C to 12 p. m.
Address T. SAKATA. 810*4 Stockton gt.
GARDENER; all branches; single; references.
Box 3625, Call offlce. J '
TWO Japanese want positions of cook* and
waiter in Oakland: good experience. 61'J
Tenth St.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED. flrst-class Japanese cook,
graduate Yamada'e Cooking School," under-
tands fancy cooking and baking, wants
gded position In city; has references." S. S.,
1410 line. Phone East ICOS.
A JAPANESE wants position to do waiting at
table and housework or hall boy; has g"od
references $6 up a week. FRANK, iO3
I_rkln St.: tel. East 5770.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position as cook
who has much experience in coaling and
housekeeping economy; $30 month. LCHI,
12108 Larkln st.
EXPERIENCED flrst-class Japanese cook
wants position in city family: has refer-
ence: 87 or $8 week up. KIME. 504 Du-
pont st.: Japanese store; phone Black 4541.
A>A — First-class Japanese cook wants position
in private family; honest and reliable^boy;
$7 or $8 a week. Box 37C0. Call.
JAPANESE- good plain cook and housework:
city or country. GEORGE.-703 Larkin St.;
t«l*. East 8770. '
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
and housework. 549 Bush st.; .tel.- Black I»9C.
JAPANESE!, first-class cook, wants situation
in gun club. Address F. S.. 258 A O'Farrell.
A JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position. 710
Butter st. . - .
CHINESE, with best references as an excellent
and experienced family cook, wiuhes posi-
tion: city or country; .call or write. 721
Stockton st.: phone Red 5973. .
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position in
private family: no washing. SING LEE,
1005 Stockton ft. •\u25a0
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants position in
hotel restaurant or boarding-house. WONG
VOW, SCO Dupont et. ' - -
CHINESE boy. flrst-class family cook, wants
.position. 522 Duront st. \u25a0 .
A BRANCH offlce of The Call fcr the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market et., opposite Fifth.
1 Open until 11 p. m.
FINANCIAL.
SOME treasury stock in old estab. brick com-
iwny for sale; absolutely safe, conservative:
lias paid 1.*% past 15 years. Box 3773, Call.
* FLATS TO LET.
~~" AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling is listed in
our rotting department. Combined lists from
25 cf the largest agencies. Saves a world of
time and • trouble. •
Service <s absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
10M9 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES,
FLATS, apartment and rooming-houses; our
renting department Is free of all; we can find
you a home In any part of the city; ask for
no payment otlier than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more'
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
Bt. (on the square). \u25a0"
5 ROOMS, bath and, wash tubs each; HS-HSVi
Perry, near Third and" Harrison; .'{O-41-4"«
Langton, 4 and 5 rooms, bath and wash tubs;
new,-clean and convenient: 711 Harrison, 4
. rooms; C 57 Jessie, near Seventh, « rooms.
ELEGANT 7-roorn and 6-room and bath flats,
up-to-date: Western Addition; low rent to
right pnrtles. Owner, box .".702, Call offlce.
$2.*i — SUNNY flat: 5 r. and b.: yard, -basement.
- 218 Willow aye., eft Van Ness, bet.' Eddy
and Bills. \u25a0 ' ' ' - - !-.- - - .. -
NEW modern flat; 's rooms and bath; newly
' tinted: ' $20. 3525 Twenty-fourth st.. near
Church. .\u25a0-,.. '-\u25a0_\u25a0\u25a0'
HALF months- rent free; come and see those
beautiful flats, 4 rooms and bath; $18, $20.
273 C to 2750 Franklin st. : marine view.
$25— ELEGANT flat. 5 rooms, bath. UOl Scott
st. NW. cor. McAllister. Owner, ICS Chat-
.. tanoosa st. ; \u25a0 ' r ' . '\u25a0 '
BRODERICK. 143. near Haight— Modern S-
room flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc.; owl cars; rent, reasonable.
HARRIET. 270, off Sixth, near Bryant— Sun-
. Ny lower flat: 4 rooms; large yard: IV- 50.
BROADWAY. 1255. nr. Hyde— Sunny flat, 3
.large rooms; sanitary: flne lawns: $8 to $11.
SIV elecant new sunny flats: rent very rea-
sonable; or. and b. ea. 44it to 459 Chestnut.
$2.1 SUNNY flat of 6 rooms.- bath, garden;
adults. .2719 Pine st.
$ 1 0— 240 TOWNSEND »t.; 4 rooms and bath.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 room* and bath; rent $23.
IMG Stelner'st.. near Pine. -
NEW sunny 5-room flats; separate large yard;
\u25a0 tinted ; $20 j" near park. 557 Third aye.
$25- : -NORTHEAST corner; Pine; and Stetner
sts". :~r» rooms and bath. : ; . V
$17^-roRNEK upper ; flat: r> sunny rooms. and
bath: tinted. 33-' C Twcnty-ai.xth st.. nr. Capp.
TWO flne sunny flats, 3 and 7 rooms, bath; key
• at 715- Grove at. ; " • -
H FLATS FOR SALE— KURMSHED.
NEWLY furnished. \u25a0 sunny. : . upper. 7-room fiat;
, wlllsell or rent cheap. -Box 3759. Call office.:
FURNISH ED "corner flat of '1 rooms tor sale;
, \u0084- price $175.'. 1 030 Folsom st.
$125 — FURNISHED flat. 4 rooms: 2 rooms pay
...rent. : 372 Clementina st. ."call before 3 p/m.
\u25a0 ' • FURXITURE:FOR '. SA.LE. '.
ALMOST, given, away; unredeemed storage pi-
.anob and fur.. Whltthead's Stcrase.;lUSU Mkt.
FKR.VITURE AXTIS:^L-__--
A— PHONE South 1015; it will pay you to send
for me before you sell your *ur?". vr T e - « ar *
pets, piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkln.
MARIC J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
St.. bet. Oth and ICth, paying big money .or
turniturt, <tc. Phone South I>S.
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4162.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays highest Prl ce » for . fu . r I
niture. carpets, etc. 752 Mission: tel Bush 3iJ
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market st_. phene Jessie
7CI. peys cash and buys everything.
t HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
S COOKS, city '. •JSO-SJSS-^S
Cook, American family *>>O
Man and wife, as cook and waitress *S5
Man as waiter and wife as carver, club
cafe *s*>
4 second girls, city $20-525
2 • ironers, country laundry $35 found
Maid to elderly Udy J|;o
Maid and seamstress s »30
3 nurseglrla, city 1 . . .$l3-?2t>s2s-$3O
5 chambermaids and waitresses $25
2 parlor maids $23-$3O
I^iundryman and wife, country. . .$7O found
Housework. Rosa Valley }35
Cook and second girl, same house $00-X2O
Cook on a ranch j-5
'Housework for Redding *25
4»> general housework girls, city and coun-
try. Apply- to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
flutter st. - -_
A FIRST-CLASS cook fcr German family In
S F.. at ?45 per month; no washing; very
nice place; call early. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 -Sutter st. «
GIRL for ceneral housework for family of; 8
for Lake " County. $30; alro a girl for 3 In
family. Merced county, $25; fare paid both
places. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Slitter st. ________________
YOfJNG woman to sell novelty flowers; travel
»:alif(*rn!a and Mexico; expenses Paid: 9 «
$10 week; call to-day. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 3.'*4 Sntter st.
A-CENTRAL CAL. EMP. -CO.. 3^ O'Farrell.
Male and Female Help— Phone Main »»*-S.
Assist, matron, institution, your.? woman.S-0
French or German gov.. see lady 'J o c!ock.?ao
French governess, city, child age 6...-.!M>
German girl, care boy 7 years. _-*>.. oCc day
Companion to elderly lady, young woman.. Wo
l'aricr maid anil waitress • \u25a0 |r*
Second girl and care chHdren. tray. 3 mo.f.J
3 Hist-clas3 chambermaids aad seamstr3..»-«>
Girl second work, family 4. references..?^
, Mother and daugh.. care child, wd., s *»*«;-*;~
4 infants' nurses .Y*-^.?,?- > '~u
Cook and second girl, small family.. s^o each
Nursegirl. San Mateo. 2 children .-5-w
Girl, diet kitchen, hospital, every «ye. off.s-0
8 second girls, one Oakland jr!*"-
2 laundresses, hotel and family *^- |"ff.
»i family cooks *Jo-|4O
Man and wife. Centerville •**•>
A COOK, also a second cook for same family.
In country, $35 and $25. see party In offlce
to-day.
A ccok for a German family. $35.
A cook in a boarding-house, city. $30.
A cook in a private family. Berkeley, $33-
A second girl for small family. $25.
A ccok for small family in mining camp. 535.
MISS PLUNKSTT. 42S gutter, near Powell.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslcg. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z. In 1 mo. for $5 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $lt> per week up: day and evening
class. 234 Post St.. room 17. second floor.
.WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall; 2
tea*ons from start to flmsn In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 pef week up: learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 16, 2d floor.
LEARN halrdresslng, facial massage, manicur-
lng.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; tlav, eve. classes; positions wait-
ing: $10 week up. 210 Powell, r 2-3. 2d floor.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY.
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS &. CO.. 32»/i FREMONT ST. MR-
DAVIS.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory: steady work; Inexperienced
youn;r women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1573 Mission
«t.. bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
BRIGHT GIRLS, ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE.
TO LEARN SHIRTMAKING. WITH A
FIrXED AMOUNT -GUARANTEED WHILE
LEARNING. STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
TORY. COR. GOUGH AND GKOVE STS.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for Invalid
lady; good home; wages moderate; short dis-
tance from city. Box 3714 Call, or 1420 Flf-
teenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter re-
Biding with parents; s-ilary to start. $30. Ad-
dress box 3780. Call offlce.
WANTED— A reliable girl for downstairs work
and cooking: small family; wages $25: ref.
req. LMIS Octavia St.. corner Broadway.
WANTED— Ladies' tailoress on coats. 796
Sutter st.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking; small
family; good wages. 71 Clipper st. •'\u25a0\u25a0'. . '
A GIRL to assist with general housework: no
children. 1958 Lyon St.. cor. Clay.
WANTED — Firrt-clasa fitter for lai— e cloak
and suit department. Apply box 3745. Call
WANTETJ — Lunch waitress; no Sunday work.
22S California st.
GIRLS 14 years of age or over. Apply 934
Mission at.
GIRL for general hourework; adults; Sunday
off; ?12. 418 Leavenworth st. '" ..:..-. \u25a0
WANTED — A girl for general housework. 2446
Clay st.
GIRL to take care of baby; sleep home. 1730
O'Farrell st.
A GIRL wanted to help In kitchen; $5 week:
no Sunday work. 417 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— 2 laundresses on Ironer only; $1 50
a day. Favorite Laundry. 2122 FHlmore 'st.
LADIES, learn halrdresslng and manicuring;
special terms; day and evenln? class; only
up-to-date college In city: situations guaran-
teed. MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE, 403
Powell st. -
GIRL for general housework: plain cooking
required; two adults and two children in
family: good wages. Apply 215 Ashbury St..
near Hayes, after 1 p. m.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
vperating: salary while learning: references
required. 'Apply after 9a. m .. 216 Bush s.t..
third floor.
LADIES wishing profitable spare time fancy
work, requiring no experience or talent, call
9 to 5. 1314 Market St.. opp. Seventh.
GIRLS wanted: no experience necessary. Mu-
tual L. & L. \u25a0 Co.. Second and Bryant sts.,
Bryant-st. entrance. - \u25a0
HAND ironers, starcher3 and mangle glr'.s
wanted. Apply at United States Laundry.
3111 Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
WANTED — Girls to pad collars and canvas;
alro K'rls to baste edges and - button-hole
hands." 4» Geary st.
OPERATORS, tuckers and • finishers on ladles'
waists: good pay. JUDA BROS.. 320 Mar-
ket St.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework: small
family: can sleep norae If preferred. 161
Central aye.. corner Page st.
OPERATORS \u25a0on . ladle** waists: steady em- '
ployment. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operator, also finishers, on cus-
tom pnnts: steady work. 411 >& Kearny st.
MANICURE and apprentice wanted. COS-
GROVE'S. 110 Geary Kt.
YOUNG girl. 15 or 16. to help in bakery store.
2 <39 California st. \u25a0
GIRL wanted — General houmwork and cock-
ing; no children. C2G Shotwell st.
LADY barber wanted; good wages. 723 How-
ard st.
CERTIFICATE teacher, district school in Cali-
fornia. CALVIN ESTERLY. .M 3 Parrott bid. -
FIRST-CLASS 4 wals'.. skirt, coat and sleeve
\u25a0 hands; machine operators. 12C0 Geary st. *
WANTED— Girls -or 16 year* and older. Ap-
" ply .American Can -Co.. 7th and Townsend.
FIFTY cirls wanted for fruttwork; good pay.
PACIFIC COAST SYRUP CO.. 713 San^ome.
BARBERS— •Employment nml Supplle*.
$700— 3-CHAIR barber "thop for sale; best-
payln? business In the city; u»-to-<late fix-
tures; choice - location; Market s.t.; chean
rent. ' COLKMAN. 311 Jas. Flood buildtns.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs, finely furnished, for
rent, to be taken charge of Immediately
Call at tailor t hop, 595 Ellis st.
2-CIIAIR. barber/ shop, •' with cigar stand that
pays expenses of. shop; bargain if sold at
once. 1544 Park St.. Alameda. *
RARE opportunity: fine trade, good transient
0-chalr \**ioi»: will, add 1 or 2*— ore chairs
r in: short while; investigate. Box 3771. Call.
BA RPIIRS. ETC^- Contln-gd.
INDEPENDI2NT Shaving Parlor — 5-chair shon
for sale cheap on account of sickness: three-
year lease: rent $13: water $1 75; average
guaranteed receipts, $60 per week. Address
F. H. R.. Call Agency. San Jose.
A NEAT one-chair barber shop for sals; rea-
sonable. Address B. Al. WATSON. Honta-
rey. Cal.
BARBER wanted steady for evenings, Wednes-
day, Saturday and Sunday. 20tj3 Fllirnora
St.. cor. Pice.
FIRST-CLASS barber; no othem need apply.
41 Sutter st.
WANTED — A good barber. 137 Fourth St.
BARBER, young man. 2 years' experience.
wants steady position. Box 3783. Call offlce.
FOR saie^ — First-ciass. Western Addition 4-
cualr shop cheap: part cash. Box 3709. Call.
FOR eale — $300; first-ciass shop; lons lease;
short hours; no opposition. Box 3755, Call.
GOOD barber wants steady work, or frc—
noon on. Box 3710. Call offloe.
BARBER shup for sal* cheap. 1202 Flllm or»
street.
TWO-chair shop, living rooms connected;
country town; good bus.; cheap. Apply Ca!!.
UELP WAXTED — MALE.
FOREMAN, small stock ranch, $33 and found:
• 20 laborers, $2 day, free fare; 10 laborers.
$2 25 day; 10 laborers for mine. $2 day; 3
miners. $2 25 day; 2 furnace men. $2 30 t->
9- 50 day ; farmers ; milkers 1 ; 3 ironera. coun-
try, $35 and found; laundry man and- wi/^H
$t>o and fijQnU: 8 rough carpenters, $2 isg
day; 3 carpenters, $3 aad $4 day: shtngia f
packer. $10 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WAITER and wife. $50 and found; 2 butler*.
$40 and $30 and found; cook, and wife wait- ,
ress. country hotel, $S5; restaurant second
cook. $l<i week; hotel waiters, $25 and found;
barkeeper, $25 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT „ CO.. «i 23 Sacramento st. .
TWO flrst-class butlers for private families la
city; salaries $4i and J5O; must giv« refer-
ences. ABDly ti> J. F. CKO3ETT & CO..
tUiJi gutter at.
A — PACIFIC Contractors' Emp. Agency. Inc.
635 Washington st- Phone James 3301.
NEW WORK — NORTH — FREE FA 113.
Biakiyou County, 12 months' Job.
Teamsters. $67 50; laborers, $00.
Shasta. County. ,«ij7 50, new* work.
FREE FARE.
Bolaao County, laborers, $tK>, boss her* l
Santa Cruz— Rough carpenters, $73; laborer*.
$60, winter's Job.
CARPENTERS.
6 carpenters, $1 far?, $105.
8 carpenters, mine, north. $103.
Laborers, brickyard. $2 23 day. fare- 23*.
Laborers, quarry. 150 fare. $67 50
o laborvrs, pull down buildings, 100 far*. 3
months' Job. $60.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR WORK?
Then Join the Independent Workmen of A— erlc.\
Why should you Join?
Because it is a working— mn's corporation
and the main object of this corporation is to
create a better feeling between employer and
employe, to maintain a house wher» men and
women of good character can secure the best
positions obtainable. We will open up larger
headquarters shortly, where members caa
eojoy home benefits.
Preparations art* now being: made for !arg»
home in country, where members caa acquire-
vacations.
For further particulars write or call roojra
318, James Flood building. ~m
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.*3 429 Bash St. %
Head waiter, country hotal, see party In our
offlce, 9 :30 a. m. to-day $50 found
Cook, boarding-house, city. $30; bakers* help-
ers, city $30 board: porter and runner, coun-
try hotel. $25 found.
Blasting and powder men. R. R. work.. s3 30
Tunnelmen, hammermen, muckers, teams-
ters, laborers. R. R. work, Cal. and Nevada,
$2-?2 23.
Stableman, city. $CO.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment Offlce.
62S Clay st. Telephone Main 5321.
Foreman, rock crusher, familiar with dyna-
mos,, bess here.
Tunnel foreman. $4. company work, free far».
Laborers, $2, company work, board any-
where.
Drillers, $2 23: drillers, $2 23. south.
Rough carpenters, $2 50, long Job, aouta.
Rough carpenter. $2 50, city.
Teamsters, $2 23. and laborers, ' $XT
At' Santa Cruz, a year's work, start Friday.
ANDRE'S office. SJ.7 Stockton sT_— Chaf c>ok.
?S0: second cook. ?C5; cook, S4O; dishwashers
$30-$25-sl3i waiter, city. S10; waiter aad
tend bar, country. $25 : waiter, south. $23;
porter, dining-room. $7 a week; gardeners,
$30 and $35; groom, $30; ftrst-ctass butler,
$'.'\u25a0<; assistant gardener. $25; milker and
make butter. $3a. etc.
A SECOND coachman, young 1 " man. $30, board
and room, see party in offlce to-day; a sec-
ond butler for a small family, $40; a kitchen
boy for a private family. $30. board and
room. MISS PLUNKETT, 42S Sutter St..
near Powell.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COMMERCLVL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
10 carpenters, rough work. $105.
8 carpenters, northeast, $103.
6 CARPENTERS. GOLD DREDGERS. wtrj«
ter's Job. $S3 fd. ; 3 laborers, help carp«JvJ*
ters. $07 SO; 10 laborers. $2 50; 23 Utx.r- \
ers. S. P. R. R.. $60; 25 laborers. FREE
FARE, $K0- 12 woodchoppers, power com-
pany. $45 fd. : 15 laborers, ELECTRIC CO..
$2 50 day: S3 tiemakers. 2 ehoremen.
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply aad machinery
house to act as agent for cld,-«staoll»aed ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address "Old Es-
tablished." box 3581. Call office.,
CASH BOYS wanted. Apply bet— een 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROSy*
WANTED — Experienced drapery salesman. Aj>-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALS BROS.*
WANTED— Man to set up toys; one who un-
derstands mechanical work. Apply between
0 and 11 a. in. at HALE BROS*.
WANTED — Delivery boysk Apply between 3
and 11 a. m. a tH.-VLE BROS.*
WANTED — Youths fcr wrapping de^ks: IT to
18 years of age. Apply superintendent's
office. THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED — Experienced roan for Janitor work:
must not be over 33 years. Apply superin-
tendent's offlce. THE* E MPORIUM.
WASTED — Foreman laborer, $5 30 per dtem.
A comDetltlve examination will be held for
the above position at th« Navy-yard. Mare
Island. Cal., October 24, 13C5. For further
information address "Commandant, Navy-
Yard. Mare Island. Cal.'*
WANTEI> — Gocd boy of neat appearance. ag*»
between 14 and ltf years, to loam to tak»
care of. cloak stock. Apply I. MAGNIN &
<*> "X
BOY wanted In a I'q-uir house- who under-
stands Inbeltr.jr. 16 or 17 years "Id. Apply at
Southeast corner of Eeals and Mission sts..
between 9 and IQ> o'clock Thursday — omir.jr.
WANTED — Thoroughly exp«ri»nce<l grocery— ai
as assistant to head of business. Apply.
statin? experience, age and refirsnces. tf>
box 37 ?7. Call offl>s.
WANTED — A flrst-class roatmaker to *o to
Placervllls: coats from ?7 and up. laquirs
at DETMER WOOLEN CO.. 84 Third st.
BOYS wanted, not over 11 years: good chance
to advance. . Apply MR. BOGART. room 5,
Telephone bldg.. 218 Bnsh «.
WANTED— By high-class magician, men to
Jcarn profitable sld? business or profess!^.
Prof. LORNE. 1225 Geary; hours 1-S and 7-S.
MAN about 3O to advertise: window dlsolays.
etc.; grocery specialty; ffive particulars, ref-
erences, salary. Box O.Sr>2. CaM office.
WANTED— Yotinsr man to. help In srroceiT
\u25a0tore. Inquire NW. cor. Twenty-sixth an J
Sanchez sts.
YOUNG man to assist at wrapping desk. Ap-
\u25a0 ply at S. N. WOOD & OX'S. 740 Market st.
CASH boys wante<lr ws;^ $"• per week. Ap-
ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 740 Market «\u25a0
WANTED — Tailor wht> could- put good collar
cd coats. 22!) St?venson «t.. room 5.
WANTED boy. 14 to 15 years old. to tend
cigar stand. 1312 Dupcnt st.
A YOU^Q butcher wanted. 130* Pacific st.
WANTED— Sober, reliable cw^ o^ M» tU! \ rh
house: no other need apr'y. 22* California
V.'ANTKD— Flrst-clas* ladies' tailors; only
first class. TaG Sutler st. •'
ACTIVE, stronsr boy to fc^lp with Job of mov-
lng. Apply early. "-f> Flr<rt *t.
WANTED— A boctblack siam! or a bootblae't
with his» own stand. 427 Taylor st. >^
BAKER'S hell>er wanted: must be Rood " oiT
cakes. SIS James Flood building.
DETECTIVES tn learn the> business: money
made while learning. 6<H Montgomery, r. 204.
WANTED — F tr;>t-cla*s chll.ln-n's clothlnr sales-
man. Box 6117. Call offlce. OaJtlaaA11KLP \VA.\TEI>-51A1,E Continued.
A— MUUUAV & READY, 1i34-63(i Clay tt.
Phone Main M4S.
... Our Own lYintinc
* <ant issues our tree iist of positions fcut
# timts riaiiy — 7 a. c... I<> a. n>.,
1 c. m.. 4 V- ni.
' \u0084 EMPLOYEES. ATTENTION"'.
Ota INVESTIGATION AND BEGUEOA-
UOX RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
i-UiST-CLAS.S HELP.
-^wr> « lr YOU WANT
•HE BEST HELP. DO A.S OTHERS DO—
SETND YOUR OBDEBii 10
MURRAY & KEADY. 85MSS C.tiy st.
Employment and Lub-T Av.er.ta.
' I'honc Main sblS.
iHE RIGHT OF MAN iO LIVE; THIS
lUGHT OK HAS TU WOBK.
l^e Cave in 1904 li.His we ho'ie to
C4.CMO men work. Increase i>4,uu>.
LOS AXGELBt? ti GBEAT Cl'.OWl. GOING.
TO LOS ANGELEH. to.
«7 laborer*. Is hours* work, SUO. L. A.
s<i t»oho!>e ifamfcters, you'll salt, fC3 L. A.
£ •< hamniern«?n and drillers, $73. L. A.
"5 six-horee iec.ms>ers, ?70. L.. A.
l'J2 exua and section Kang laborers.
I"!, ft. work. Get tickets to-<lay. *'j. L. A.
i-li<i> '•• a. in. to Kis Anselcs. $5.
\u25a0MLKKAV A- READT. U.',4-C;U Clay St.
UreOUrrCßEtt, fare 20c. $2 day.
Wagon-maker, woodturner, city, $3 50 day.
Lime burner. f»r*> $1. $2 50 to S3 cay.
2 carpenters, chickeu houses and barn?, on
i&nch, Na;>a Co., faie $J 23, $2 50 day found.
- Machine dicker band, country, $3 a:iy.
Driver single wagon, special, city. $10 week.
Choreman. mlddie-astd. hospital $20 found.
Youne ms.n, hospital work, $20"Tound.
Ha&djr man. who can do little bricklaying.
factory, lar« $1 30, you'll suit, $2 25 to
$2 bi> day.
fouitry ::.££. good wages.
ARE YOU
fforter and luirch countef man, city 6a-
„ on $.'55 fd.
..:.ih x&an cold lunch, city $00 Id.
MAUPJ.ED.
Farmer and wife, iara $1 SO, no wihnan
there $40 M.
Cock tnd wile, hotel, fare 60c $05 fd.
MURRAY READY. UJ4-C36 Clay et.
FACTORY— STEADY JOB.
25 laborers f or a factor}' $2 20 day
MURRAY & P.EADY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARIZONA.
Arleor.a, Government Work.
5 drill runner* $90
6 tool sharpeners ar.d carap blacksmiths, j-.'l'.
IV o years' Government work; half rate U.
R. fwre.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-636 Clay st.
MILLWRIGHTS.
MILLWRIGHTS.
2S millwrights :or a large lumber com-
pany $105 fd.
SPECIAL LOW RATE.
MURRAY & P.EADY. 634-C36 Clay at.
FOREMEN.
4 track R. R. foremen. L.s Angeles, $2 75 day
MURRAY & READY. C34-63C Clay St.
PAINTER, house work, rare 25>i. $3 day.
Boy hitch up and chores about paint shop.
'ar* 25c. $3 week fd.
Blacksmith's helper, lumber company, boss
h^re. jfso.
"amp blacksmith, fare 20c, $3 60 day.
- upholsters, $2 day.
C plumbers, $4 day.
7ta.mster6, 2 horses, hay. coal, grain, city
wagon, $2 50 day.
- wagon teamsters, fare 30c, $2 25 day.
LOOK.
'-.Esin.act packer and general utility man,
age 20 to 22, $30.
LOOK.
tke-baker's heir*-', city Job, $11 week fd.
ainale maker, tare paid.
ok 'or dredgtr. tare $1. $30 fd.
MULTIMILLIONAIRE'S GROUNDS.
*4 - laborers ar>.>und p«rk grounds, $2 day.
* MARRIED.
::.:ker and wife, south, boss here, $40 fd.
L<JOK.
•\u25a0itt'or on Crown soda water machine, $2 50
:uy.
- • young tseti 'cr lacking department whole-
.-ale house. SI BO day.
Mi-RKAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay St.
FOREMEN— FREE FARE.
... .. ji * .. T ..„ ft« nA 1 A£ . *tit\ tA
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 nay Et.
— lti CARPENTERS. $32 So fd—
—lh men among BJ£A2kS. $45 fd. —
MURRAY &. READY. 034-«36 Clay ft.
3 CABINET-MAKERS.
12 slack isuOimt*; '> blanket weavers.
Machine hand, rip taw. ?i 25 day.
Screw iurrn-1, fare $2. J2 tv $2 25 day.
Ttrter. (i SO day.
Gang edjcermKD, nf'ith. $55 found.
BRICKLAYERS, ETC.
Sticker hand. rr.i!l, $3 50 day.
0 (reavers on blankets^
»r. fcla'-k coootrs.
Z pfunioerF, ft <Siy: 2 cab!net-maktT».
14 bla- kwr.iths. horstshotrs. fiuvriuan. etc,
$:;. $:: Ta> day.
BUcfcer hand. mill. $3 day.
Woodturmr. Southeast L. Co., $2 75 day.
Hand savyer. Southeast L. Co.. $2 75 day.
KiSterman. $45 fd. : croascutter, $4.1 fd.
Jackwrew helper, $40 and ft>un«3.
IJrass finisher. *2 to $3 day. city job.
5 BRICKLAYERS. $5 DAY.
Painter, city, cabinet -work, $3 day :
'.- muckers, cold quartz mine, far* $.'{, $i>7 50.
.0' laborers, quartz mine, fare $2 4li, $G7 50.
MURRAY &. HEADY. 634-036 Clay Et.
12 boys, different city factories. $0, $7 w*ek.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C3<3 Clay Bt.
£.-» TIEMAKERS— SEE US.
C 5 WOOIX-HOPPERB— SEE VS.
.VILLMEN AND AMALGAMATORS. $'JO.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
Farmer and wife, fare SOc, easy Job, $^5 fd.
>} »-m<rr and wile, Yoio Co., boss h*re, $50.
ferried coachman, fare 20c, $10.
• <i£j-«3enfr and wife. $50.
MURRAY & READY, 634-€36 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
29 laborers, no experience, ship to-day, 11:30
a. m., $t>o.
14 driller?, ship to-day, 11.30 a. m.. $67 50.
:* drillers. Fhip to-da>, 3:30 p. m.. $67 50.
18 header men, ship to-day. 10 a. m.. 3 and
5 p. m., $67 50.
12 laborers, big new quarry, $67 CO.
15 laborers trcund eteam shovel, $t<7 50.
MURRAY & READY. (34-636 Clay St.
INCORPORATED COMPANY.
06 laborers, build boulevard, $(i 0; fare 60c
OIL PIPE LI"NE, SOUTH.
2S lsbcrers; cp«clsl fare; $45 found.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
15»4 laborers, different jobs, you'll suit, $S5,
$75 and $45 and found; call early. /
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
"\u25a0•'£> laborers an.i tecmstera. different jobs,
seme in Ear. Francisco. $2, $2 25, $2 50
<iay; come see i«.
FARMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
63 ceneral ranch hands, $30, $35, $40 found.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
67 men and boys for chores, $15, $20. $25,
t'JO and found.
DAIRYMEN.
\u25a0 £1 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30.
*;S $40 »niS four<3.
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
535 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit, $35, $40,
$45 a-nd -fnund.
T26 «xr*riencc<2 woodsmen, millmen, from
Illlng lumber to manager of eJlls and woods.
&;5, $4C. $50, $t;0. $70. $SO. $90. $125 month
*n<S Ioun(3: come and fee us.
STABLEMEN.
36 ••".Llerr.tn. different jobs, $35 and found
to $00 $75.
18 beys for different trades. $4, $5, $6 week.
12 laborers, pile lumber, near city, $60.
k 555 LABORERS. $60.
"^ BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
25 jsnS laborers. NE.. $«7 SO.
H- rriCn. pile lumber, NE., $75.
C 2 it borers, Rrade railroad, NE., $67 50.
MURRAY & P.EADY. C 34-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKfi.
45 ocks, Cifferent places. • $fK). $75, $M. $40
fovn<l. . s^^
- 2 tarr.a'.e-rrjskers. good Jobs.
WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
26 waiters, different places. $i 5. $40. *:jO.
i -\u25a0" found.
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMATCnRS.
3t« • waiters, different pla^s. 5.?5. $3'>, J23.
$20 and found.
LAUXURYMKN' — BELLBOYS
TS '.aur.drrroen. aU olars^s. $rs $2 50, $2 day.
. Petl ir.i! elevctnr boys, different Jcbs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
• Butcher. p!aug!:'^r-houFe work, ti'i found.
* 16 bakers' helpers. $70. $:)0. $M. $45, $35,
S'i'J $2*> 8-"<i found.
# LAUNDRY.
MtrfcT ana distributer, (are $1. $15 week.
!-ol!*h*r. shirt*, cuffs collars, $15 week. '
Baker*' helper. 10c fare, $10 week.
MCRRAY ft BEADY. 634-CM Clsy Ft.
• ' NOT FAR AWAY— NEW WORK. ~
FREE FARE.
.25 laborer*, board ar.d lodging $4 50, $80
' ro $€7 50. ..
FACTORY.
3 laborer*, epeeial steady job, $2 20 day.
-5 laborer*, no teaming or. ranch. $2C found.
YOU CAN DO IT.
T5 laborers, build w FACTORY, $cO.
Boy for rnscMne shop. $1 <!ay.
25 laborers. Sar.ta Cruz. $35 found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C3C Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, house work, fare $1. steady
job. $3 60 day.
12 carpf-ntc-re-. tpeclal jobs, special fare $2,
$S Vf day.
15 CALKERS. WOOD RHTPS. $5 DAY.
15 CALKEPS, FP.EE FARE.
"•2 lathrrn. iong Job. ?2 25 day.
f MURRAY &\u25a0 READY. CXi-'SSIi Pay et. ,
OKKGOX-KRKE FARE.
CS ("OAT. MINERS.
?7»TO.V— ARE YOU GOING?
UirniiAY & KEADY. 634-63 C <TUv. -«. J
nELP WANTED— MA LE — Coiitluunl.
TAMALE-MAKKR, et.\. fare paid. $40 found.
INSTITUTION.
Ail-round :ridt!lc-agrd handy man with tools
for, an institution, country $30 and lou;iJ.
LOOK.
Man. fnve manure wagon, city, fUO.
NOT FAR AWAY.
Electricicn and ilnrman, fare $1 £'>, JCu fd.
Painter and tinter, city, scod Job. $\u25a0'\u25a0', and
|3 SO clay. —
2 tinsmiths, city work. ?2 10 .<>:! day
NEW JOB— CARPENTERS.
j2 cari-cnters, build clubhouses, boss hers,
$4 day.
LOOK.
lcung ir.;m. grocery stcre, city, Sl7 four.d.
You:ig men. jjioct-ry store, city $7 to $S wk.
FILIPINOS.
4 F;;ir-.i:;os as bootblacks, no experience re-
yuirc-d, ?S 1 week.
•MURItAY ti READY. 03t-C;C Clay st.
3 PAINTERS, housework, long Job far? 70c,
$.'! day.
10 laborers, city job. board home. $2 day.
MURRAY & KEADY. C34-O.JU Clay St.
Stableman, wath bottles, city dairy, $12 wk.
IX)OK.
Boy, help, painter, city, $1 day.
German young :na:i, drive bakery wagon,
10c tare. $25 and four.d. -
Young man. j.ross feeder $0 week.
DRAUGHTSMAN PAINTERS ETC.
Mechanical draughtsman large building.
Erus,h hards, varnishing chairs, etc., f2 to
$2 50 day.
Carriage painter $3 day.
GOVERNMENT 8-HOUR WORK.
25 laborers, free fare. $60.
LOS ANGELES.
25 bridge carpenters, $iK>.
FACTORY BOSS HERE.
23 laborers large country factory. $60.
BUILD UP NEW FA (.TORY.
35 laborers, not far away, V; 0.
MURRAY &' READY, ('vi4-t!3C Clay st.
MEN :earn the barber trade in S weeks; tui-
tion earned while learning; situations guar-
anteed; only up-to-date college* in America.
HOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE, 044 Clay st.
BOY wanted to run elevator In large whole-
sale house and deliver packages in Oakland
nightly; must live in Oakland: should be at
least 16 years old; references required; good
chance to advaiKM; $1 per week. Address
Box 3775. Call.
WANTED— At once. yood. live canvassers to
represent us throughout California; large
commissions raH: complete outfit furnished
tree; good prospects for right party. For
full particulars address OREGON NURSERY
CO.. Salem. Ore.
WANTFD— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217-Third *t.: 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
WAKTSO — Men to learn barber trade; new
method: tuition earned while learning: posi-
tion guaranteed after S weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. C 27 Clay B t.
WANTED — Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
. night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric lieht In every room. «iSI Howard, nr. 3d.
LEARN the barber trade and earn a good
salary; new method; free tuition: positions
(rusrantefyj. S. F. College, 741 A Howard st.
WANTED — Licensed pharmacist in drug store;
partner preferred. Address Druggist, Horn-
brook. Cal.
WANTED — Blacksmith to do horseshoeing and
Tv-palring. Fourteenth aye. and N St. South.
WANTED — Presseis; apply at once. 122.S
Market st.
WOOD machine hand for pine furniture fac-
tory. 2147 Fo:som st.. near Eighteenth.
DETECTIVES to learn the business; money
made while learning. 604 Montgomery, r. 20i.
WANTED — Boys of 16 years and older. Ap-
p!| American Can Co.. 7th and Townsend.
EXPERIENCED card writer wanted; state age
and exijerience. Address box '.1970, Call.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart st.
10,tJ(Xt WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
army shuts: al! inspected, ldo Third st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
fhip.«. HALLBERt 517 J.<ckson st.
LABOR debts '.-olierted; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st.. rra. 522.
PENSION Etty.. E. A./Bullis, r.4l>. Pheian bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pest. G. A. R.
DAITTEL wants lSu;> men to buy Inspected
Gorerr.rpent shoes at t>3l Sacramento gt.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., nr. Mar-
ket — 7<V> rooms; :>sc night; readlnK-rooms,
free bus and baggage to anrl from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch nffice, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND 2 or 4 passenger trap: canopy,
top surrey; rubber-tire runabout: O'Brien
patent sprlnp buggy; 2 setts buggy harness;
doctor's phaeton; cheap. 500 Goiden Gate.
A— FOR sale — 411 Sixth St.; one goxi truck
team. 5 years old; 3 good wagon horses;
1 driving horse.
BROWN mare, 1250 pounds, gentle and safe
for a lady to drive; 5 years old. 211S Market.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagon* and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Good delivery wagon. 953 Howard
street.
FOR sale — Carload big horses weighing from
1400 to 1700. G. LINDAUER. 843 Folsom.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED lift of houses to let; fend for cir-
cular. G, H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgmy.
NINETEENTH. 3520, near Valencia — Sunny
bny-window house of 12 rooms and large
yard.
BUCHANAN. 242". near Jackson — 9 rooms and
bath: sur.ny; modern improvements.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALfc.
$300 BUYS fur., carpets, etc., complete; 2-story
house; 6 rms., hath; rent (optional) $20 mo.
1 to 3 d. ni., 1250 Broadway, Alameda.
10 ROOMS; won furnished; nicely located;
$400. 752 Ellis st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished cottage nr small house
acrofs the bay; must be eomrjletely fur-
nished and r*nt reasonable: near S. P. trains
or Kov Route: give full particulars. Address
box CSII, Call office.
WANTED— Modern cottage 5 rooms, bath, vi-
cinity Golden Gate Park or Presidio. Box
3730. Call.
HOTELS.
HOTEL 6t. Nicholas. Market. Larkin, Hayes
Ets. — Heart of S. F. ; medern: American and
European plans: electric lights and phone
\u2666\u25a0very room: hct and cold water: quiet.
INFORMATION WAXTED.
MILLER — Information wanted' of Frederick
Miner, who in the year ISO 3 resided at 11
Carp st.. San Francisco. Cal.. by his sister,
Marie Sandbloom of 319 Leonard St., Brook-
lyn, N. Y.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged- manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel. Park 775.
LOST . AND FOUND. »
LOST— On Market-st. car. at 2:30 Wednesday
afternoon, lady's light colored chamois purse,
' containing one $20 and several smaller bills.
G^od reward if returned to office of Palace
Hotel.
$25 REWARD for the return of gold purse
marked E. O. J. to R. E. J. on Inside 'and
containing small gold purse studded' with dia-
monds, a!so safe box key; no questions. 2226
Washington st.
LOST — Brown mare, on Broadway, last Mon-
day evening, going toward Presidio; had new
bridle Jong rope and o!d halter; breast
geared. TONY MASALA. 516 Green st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
ar.d Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ANGELA TOMAZO: No. 223-451.
The finder will please return to bank. '
LOST — P!n, in shape, of wishbone, on Tuesday
evening on O'Farreli at., or in Jackson-st.
car. Return to 1044 Pacific st. and receive
reward. "-./ ."
$20 REWARD — Lost on street, Geary and Tay-
lor to Jones and Eddy sts.. chamois bag con-
taining six rings, pin and diamond earrings. ;
Return to Golden West restaurant. 10 Ellrs.
LOST — Gold and green enamel pin. diamond
and pearl setting; reward. JUDA BROS.,
320 Market «t.
LOST — A lady's 1 <ar! brooch, set with four
diamonds; reward $10: no questions asked.
Return to St. Francis Hotel.
LOST — Volume 3. "Ridpath's History of the
World." Return to 2394 Post at..; reward.
JAPANESE CONTRACT LAHOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming. woo>7^>
chopping, tree pinning or any worte: '"stab. 5
yrs. Mateumoto & Co., box 125, Alvar.rJo. Cal.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot or Clay
'•it.. lor Dleasure and business: tel." Bush s.tt
\'-: THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, .OCTOBER 12,-1905.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. "W. O'DONNELL— LadIes, all who are
tick or in trouble, consult thia Epeciallst on
female Tcumplalnts: positively corrected; the
' unicrtunate hclpf-d; the. -most difficult cases
treated: every case taken; Immediate relief;
Do lA'itoniiiK drugs; low fees: my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
n:e: cave time sml money: advice free. Office
1018 Market st.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MK.S. DR. WYETII. specialist for all female
complainta and Insularities; instant relief
guaranteed: ."0 years' experience. 914 Post St.
MRS.. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist tor all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief Euaranteed. O'iioe hours 0 to P. Sunday
10 to 2. 1002% Market st.. opposite Fifth.
VAI.PEALTS fernaie pll!s: Ltkt regulating pills
fold; price ?" Ho by exprt«s. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets;!. price H~>. By express only
en receipt or price. OaGOOD BROTHERS.
\u25a0wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. . ' -. . : \u25a0
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured In
"4 hours; lit years' experience without a la.il-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
cge only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 120G Market.
i.'KS-. GOODWIN'S herb treatment: reliable.
Kife. prompt :c* female irregularities; reltef
c-r :io fee; $10; hrs. '.»-$. S3O Mkt. St.. suit* 37.
LX. C. C. U'DO.NNELL — Oltice and residence
]<!2i% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention »:aid to diseases of women.
A—MRS. JJ'.R. GWYF.R, 61 1 A Leavenworth st.,
bet Gc-ary and O'Fafrell. Phone East 64)7.
Vll. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
A— DR. HOWARD; ladles, relief or no fee;
$10: hours »-9. 006 Market St.
I)}'.. ROSEN, residence 2985 Folsom st.. corner
Tw«-nty-pixth: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
O:'flce and Salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new iot of pip© complete,
ready for Immediate delivery. :
Vc-inch pipe $:> 25 per hundred feet (new)
%-incb pipe.. >.$3. $3 05 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
Hi-inch pipe $7 60 per hundred feet (new)
1%-lnch pipe $S W) per hundred feet <n«*w)
2-inch pipe. . .511 4)5 per hundred feet (new)
2%-In. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.lOc
3-in. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use,l2Vio
3%-in- screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.lbc
4-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.l9c
Send by check, money order or coin by W.F.
Express Co. with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office 130 Beale St.
Reference— j-Any' bank, banker or. publication.
2d-HAXD machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulieys. shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; tee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale ft.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont Bt.
STOCK and fixtures for sale separately; cigars
and counter cases in oak, 1 upright, 1 small
case, counter and shelving, 2-lb. candy Jars,
Biass steppers, stationery, notions and school
supplies: no deslej-s; from 10 to 12 and 1:30
to 4. 240 Ninth St.
FOR eale — Ne* and :-econd-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilece of buying; modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, t'2s Mission St.. S. F.
A — BUYS, sells and rente gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, -shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW., 336 Main st.
SECOND-HAND gas ranpes and heaters bought
ti Bold; gas and cjal ranges, heaters, etc., dis-
\ connected, connected and repaired. 322 Post.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines, bought,
told and exchanged; power plants in their
entirety boußht. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-K gold fountain peha, 000 ; Sheffield hollow-
ground razors, SOc: tolling cu#our cutlery &
stationery dopt. SUNSET BAZAAR, 42 3d St.
20 H. P. -gusoline engine; 2d hand pumping
machinery. HOWETT MACHINE WKS.,
2. r i6 Fremont !>t.
A — GENTS'- full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton fat.', second floor.
50 M HARD brkk. 54S Mission st. Phone
White ."571.
BARoii foT sale or rent. HUMBOLDT
LUMBER CO.. First and Alice,' Oakland.
DUCK ciub membership for gale; - Sulsun
inr.rshes. Box r>(>oo. Call office.
DESKS- and office furniture bought, sold and
exchun^en. T. D. McCARTHY, 807 Mission.
E. C--^ HUGHES — Printer, 511 . Sanuome < St.,
San Francfsco. j
SOLID silver tea eet. 5 piects, at a bargain. 10
Sixth et. - \u25a0 \u25a0 , - -
LARGE show tent in good condition. W. A.
PLUMMER. 11l Clay st.
MILKS of pipe and fittinßS. al! sizea. cheap.
EUGENE RILET & SONS, 109 Vallejo et.
TWO merry-go- rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. M's Kearny et.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
fcale. PARCELLS SAFE CO., 21 1> California.
SAFES— New and seocml-hand. THE lIER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
barpains. BI'LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
miscellaneous wants.
~"XSFy~rag^?~"
Rags boupht in any quantity, for cash, at
the South End Warehouse, corner Second and
Townsend sts.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies' gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. tSO Sacramento.
WE pay ca?h ladles' and gents' clothing. Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors, 154 Oth; tel. Howard 11S7
BUYS any amount of castoff clothing, etc.
MRS. M0RR15, 5)34 Folsom; phone Jessie 440.
WANTED — To buy 100 Angora, goats. . Ad-
dress J. W. SWALES. Hopland.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 4ro-4f)l Adams bldg., 206 Kearny st.
MONEY TO LOAJT.^
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-002-003 Examiner Buiidlng.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Ertatee, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In. trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and .undivided in-
terests in property purchased.. ..• •
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON 'HIS NOTE:
Mo. Semi-Mo. Week.
$50— Return to us. $13 35 or $0 «5 or $3 35
30 — Return to us 8 00 or 4 00 or 2 0:»
2u — Return to us 5 35 or '2 65 or 1 35
15 — Return to us 4 00.. 0r 2 00 or 1 00
Or any other sum and pay back In proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO/, 500 Rlalto bldg..
New Montgomery and Mission sts.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
I-ow rata of interest. I '\u0084 '.
Give full particulars
Box 223, Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
•' 21 Stockton st., near Market.
2d floor. ;
Loans made to ealaritd people without any
publicity or other - inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate in probate; life
insurance policies, estates, second . • mort-
gagee, assignments of renta. etc.
SALARY LOAN'S—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place ' to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds,- Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
V7k Market St., tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market et. and 27 Third st. '-*.-\u25a0
ANY amount quickly on furniture' or piano
"without removal or other security; lowest
rates; no commission; . confidential. 508-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor St., corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-'
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; tasy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAX. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — Lowest rates on real estate. Ist or 2d mort-
gageb life insurance, or on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 30 &eary. room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you. look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg., 809 Market, cor.- 4th, suite I,'estl ISOS.
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY.
b Any proposition, 49 2d st., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. &- Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy' pay-
ments; also on other security. 507 Flood bldg/
ANY amount, real estate -or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. h.
LOANS — Salaried people : " "confidential" ; 2 per
«-ent: chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, -r. 518.
DON'T borrow money on salary until' you see
us. HuttonCredit Co.; 912 Mutual Bank, bldg. \
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. BJ F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
MONEY 'r f {J^°^^QS2}™j£u~^.
MONEY to lean at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
b'^ght at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people , without security; also on
furn., estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Lean & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bids-
McGARVIE & C 0. .720 Market st.,' loans money,
05 to SO. per cent of valuation of property.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. «00 Examiner bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
WANT $40; will pay $4 weekly, 12 weeks;
square piano security. Box 3738, Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright, for practice, §55.
French upright, a little better, $65.
Also a Chickering, Voee, Sterling, Curtaz.
Smith & Barries, Mozart, Neuraan, from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, IC O'Farreli st.
OUR large and increasing renting business en-
ables, us to rent the best pianos In the city for
?2 DO and $-'i ncr month, some at $2; one
year's rental allowed If piano 13 purchased.
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. iiUO-tU Hayes.
WANTED — An offer on upright piano; must
sell at once. 5.94 Valencia st.
HORNUNG. 210 McAllister St.. manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laffargue piano.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-hand. $10-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
CHICKERING upright. $165. 237 Geary at.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage>pl-
' anos. furn. Whltehead's storage, 1036 Mrkt.
EOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos, Ce'cillan piano
player. ' BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. IB McAllister it.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up: Chlckering baby grand.
Shonlnger little used. K<*elT<»'s. 255 O'Farreli.
MINES AND MINING. .
$ICOO WANTED; to promote new mine; •ecur-
lty;.b!g returns. M.. 565 B'way. r. 11. Oakland
'- ' MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market St.. near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MISSION. 607, corner First— 2 floors suitable
for light manufacturing; will arrange to suit
.tenant. Apply BALDWIN & HO WELL, 25
Post st.
FOR rent — Elegant office suits on second floor;
corner Montgomery and Sutter sis.; 7 large
windows.- • Apply room 6, 40 Montgomery st.
LARGE store with big basement. Clay st.,
above Montgomery- Owner, (>"6 Clay, r. 1.
PERSONALS.
• • '"L-A-T-E-S-T MARVELS." \u2666 •
"REXRADIO'S" L-A-S-T WEEK'S S-A-M-
P-L-E-S: A patient very LAMS from LO-
COMOTOR ATAXIA, his arm and hand ab-
solutely, IMMOVABLE; leg feeble and
couldn't raise or move it forward; foot mo-
tionless; YESTERDAY (Saturday) after
' FIRST treatment ARM moved, hand
GRASPED ours, FOOT moved naturally,
RAISED leg easily to table top; discarded
his crutch, walked well, put limb forward
wUh LONG steps, then easily JUMPED from
the floor; 'ALL these things absolutely IM-
POSSIBLE before. His friend who brought
him— M. Barnett, 352 Jessie — writes: "I wit-
nts»«l all the above." INTERVIEW him.
MANY cases Of ATAXIA, PARALYSIS, etc..
exactly likp the above have been quickly
similarly helped by this wonderful DRUG-
LESS treatment. NONE SHOULD DE-
SPAIR. Mr Enjrleke of CAL. DEMOKRAT,
former owner of CAL. JOURNAL, one of
the best,-kjjown and respected citizens for 40
years, wrles: "My extreme 20 years'
RHEUMATISM, cured by only O-N-E treat-
ment, cure has remained PERMANENT for
SIXTY-SEVKN days. Rexradio gave ONE
treatment (LAST FRIDAY) to my daughters
very. large GOITRE, and during the treat-
ment, we were astonished to see MOST of
the GOITRE literally and really D-l-S-A-P-
P-E-A-R. Many of my friends have had
WONDERFUL BENEFITS from his drugless
treatment. May I INTRODUCE you to
them? Rexradio Is the ONLY hope of the
HOPELESS sick. WRITE me.— C. Engleke,
211 Stelner." There have been numerous
RECENT successful treatments of PARALY-
SIS, rheumatism, FITS, blindness, CAN-
CER, sciatica, ASTHMA, consumption.
DROPSY, neuralgia, TUMOR, diabetes, FE-
MALE complaints, general aud nervous DE-
BILITY, prcstatltls, STRICTURE. total
DEAFNESS, etc. All were wonderfully
helped, though long deemed INCURABLE by
all others WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO
BE CURED?
"REXRADIO'S" office hours 2 to 6 509
Kearny st. OPEN . SUNDAYS.
WANTED — A No. 1 mill supply and machinery
house to act as agent for old-established ma-
chine knife manufacturer. Address "Old Es-
tablished," box 3551, Call office.
\u25a0 V
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he will
challenge the world to produce Its equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 352 O'Farreli.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles; take no substitute.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; alac
chenille-wove rugs, silk portiers; dealer In
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates- Geo. Matthews. 70!) Fifth st.. Oakland
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
BTAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, . hair dress-
ers. Star Remedy Co., S2l Polk st.
OLD picture frames refinished like new; reason-
able. California Decorating Co., 206 sth st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per weeK.
NEUHAUS & CO., the tailor. 72a Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle -.special-
ist. Sl4 Sutter st. Phone East 8646.
S BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LKMOS.
1127 Market Bt.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, • play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PRdPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— SeaIed proposals will be re-
ceived at the office of the State Board of
Prison Directors. 331 Pine st., San Fran-
cisco Cal., and will be opened between the
: hours of 1 and 2 o'clock p. m.. October la
1905. for /urnishing and superintending the
erection 01 an oil ruei burning plant at the
State prison at San Quentin. according to
the general outline specifications and prints
on file with Brainard F. Smith, clerk of the
Etate Board of Prison Directors, at said of-
/ flee. The board will let the contract to the
lowest bidder who, In Its Judgment, «üb-
. mits the . 1/st and most satisfactory proposi-
tion, complying with all terms of the re-
, Qulremeuts and Fpecifications. reserving the
- right to reject any and all • bids for cause.
The general outline specifications adopted
by the board, with the prints, are to be Used
as a guide to bidders, who are expected to
examine the boilers, boller-rcom and equip-
ment now at the prison, so as to submit all
; proper pumps, fittings and material for com-
plete oil burning equipment, and they are
expected to submit plans with full descrip-
tion of their proposed arrangement of the
necessary machinery, conforming to the re-
quirements and Intent of the specifications
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn upon some responsible
bank, payable to the president of the board
for at least 10 per cent of the amount of \u25a0
the bid. which will be forfeited if the suc-
cessful bidder should refuse, to enter into
the contract provided by the board and give
a bond equal to one-half the amount, satis-
lactory to the board, upon notice of accept-
ance:- & ROBERT T.DEVLIN, President. '
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk. _
PROPOSALS for a 150,000-galloi steel tank
on a 75-foot trestle—^Office of the C. Q. M'
Vancouver Barracks, -Wash.. Oct.^ 7,' 1005.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., . Pacific
• time. November 7, 1905. for the erection of a
150,000-gallon steel tank on a 75-foot trestle
at Fort Stevens, .Oregon. Plans and speci-
fications may be seen at the offices of the
chief quartermaster. Chicago, 111., the depot
quartermaster. San Francisco, Cal., the depot
\u25a0\u25a0- quartermaster, Portland, Or., .the poet-quar-
t ermaster, "Fort Stevens, Or., or the under-
signed. Tbe'U. S. reserves. the right to re-
ject or accept any. or all proposals or any
part thereof. . Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for »t-»el
tank" and addressed F. G. HODGSON C
Q- M. , ' fi?s
BIDS Inv ted - for Architectural building— No-
tlce is I ereby given that sealed bids will be
received at 16 South . Hall, . Berkeley, on or
before . t- f>. m., October 10, for the Archi-
tectural building as per plans and specifica-
tions on -file *at said office. No bids . will be
considered unless accompanied by a certified
I check or bond \u25a0in favor of \u25a0 the undersigned,
equal to 10 per cent' of the bid, with suffi-
cient sureties, : conditioned that. If the bid be
accepted, ' the bidder will enter Into "a con^~
. tract faithfully to perform the obligations In.
accordance with said bia ana with said plane
and specifications: The right'to reject any or
all bldsls hereby reserved. :' The : Regents \u25a0 of
the University of California ; . ,
[REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
MARINE view lots.
$3CO Each. E"asy Payments. No Taxes. No
Adjacent to Improvements Costing Millions.
Two Electric Roads Will Be Running Inside
of One Year.
Absolutely Cheapest Unimproved Lots Offered
in Golden Gate Park District.
Lotß Will Double in Value in a Few Months.
E. J. HOOPER, 26 Montgomery street.
SELLING
TO BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant level- building lots, close to
school; fine car service on Mission St.; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the. baby where the ozone Is not polluted
with smoke and dust, to »ay nothing of the
deadly microbe; no Interest and no taxes. '
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 — For finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing, in value with every stroke of th«
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" Is riot the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
26 Montgomery St., room 8.
A MISSION snap— Three new flats on Church
et., half block from Twenty-fourth-st. car
line; these are strictly modern and have 5
' rooms and bath each, tnect sinks and cement
washtrays; elegant view; bltuminized street;
rented low at $67 50 per month; this is a real
bargain at $70C0; if interested see us imme-
diately.
CASTLE. PAYNE & AIcLEOD (Inc.),
Real Estate.
2543 Mission st. \ Phono Mission 467.
R. BARKER & CO., 640 Market et.
$4(500 — New house 7 rooms and bath; beauti-
fully finished In hard wocd and contain-
ing all modern improvements; 3 mantels;
grates, gas and electric fixtures; Just the
Ideal snot for a home: situated In the
Richmond district, near Seventh aye.;
must be seen to be appreciated.
R. BARKER & CO., 640 Market st.
$900 FOR graded lot. ready for building, on
sunny side of street, north of Park, a few
steps from the Elghth-ave. cars, that run all
night: bank will lend $000; lot cost $1250; a
bargain. W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
MODERN .2-story house, 7 rooms, overlooking
G. G. Park., for Immediate eale.' Box 3701.
Call. \u25a0 • . . . . -
DON'T build before Investigating Marshall &
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aronpon building. S4 Third st.
BARGAIN— AI beautiful home. 7 rooms, bath.
551-575 Seventh aye., Richmond District.
LOT 55x*5; Waller st.. near Shrader: snap.
NICE house and 2 lots, close to cars, on San
Bruno road. 37 Wheat st.
REAL ESTATE — COTJJfTRY— -For Sale.
AAA — "OUR PRICES" on ranches ar» lower
than anywhere else because we<do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's price;
we only handle places we "know" to be good:
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and
save 20 per cent; Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
BIGGEST bargain In California — SO acres rich
land, only 4 miles of Watsonville, Santa Cruz
County; 20 acres bearing 10-year-old apples;
10 acres S-year-old apricots; good house,
barn, 2 wells: price only $4750. BURR-
PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery st.
ALFALFA Irrigated lands, $25 per Rcre; $1
down, ,$l month: no Interest; call «r write
for pamphlets, INDEX LAND AND BOND
. CO., 907 Kohl bid., cor. cal. and Monty sts.
A MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co., Pet-
aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
A "JEWEL" at the foot of Mount Tamalpais
is Mill Valley. San Francisco's most charm-
ing suburb; it Is growing wonderfully; very
beautiful homes are being erected; beyond
question the lots we are offering for sale di-
rectly at the station are the best bargains
In the market; grand view of mountains and
bay; beautiful redwood trees; street sewered
and water -mains laid; prices range from $300
to $GnO; terms 10 per cent cash, $10 monthly;
agents on tract Sunday. Over 200 lots sold.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
BURLIIVGAME REAL ESTATE.
WHY noi buy the best? It doesn't cost any
more. Lots 50x150 for $450 at beautiful Bur-
lingame. Park. See LYON & HOAG before
buying; 200 lots sold In one month.
LYON & HOAG, 118 Montgomery st.
PIEDMONT REAL ESTATE.
A LOSS TO THE OWNER!
A BARGAIN FOR YOU!
Ore of the most desirable residence lots in
the Alta Piedmont Tract will be sold at con-
siderably less than adjoining lots can be bought
on account of owner leaving the State; 50- foot
frontage on aye.. 80-foot street in rear;
unbroken view of the bay; street work, sewers
and sidewalk complete; apply at once. WM.
M BUTTERS JR.. 438 Eleventh St., Oakland.
SAUSAUTO REAL ESTATE.
THE fall Is unquestionably the most beautiful
time on the Pacific Slope, and nowhere Is
this so true as lftthe Naples of America —
Eausallto. For homes to rent, for lot 3 for
sale see W. H. ATKINSON, room (39. Chron-
icle bide.. 9 to 11 a. m:; tel. Brown 217;
\u25a0 Sausallto, 2to 5 p. m.; tel. Main 411. Sun-
days at Sansalito. >
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
CASH at once for one or more Sunset or Rich-
mond lots. DOLAN. 24 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WAITED.
WANTED — Large tract in Santa Clara County;
suitable for subdivision. Box 3502, Call.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEUKKLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange— Nearly an acre of
ground, 11-room house, 2-story barn ; near
the hills; worth $12,000; will sell on ea3y
terms, $ICOO cash; wilj exchange for small
property in Berkeley or San Francisco; will
take nicely located mountain ranch in trade.
H. V. J. SWAIN, attorney, 4C3- 104 -Parrott
. building, San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTS'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND : REAL ESTATE.
A BEAUTIFUL "NEW HOME
ON VERY EASY TERMS.
This artistic eight-roomed house Is on a cor-
ner lot and fronts on E. 12th st. boulevard,
wh. : ch has recently bee-a bltuminized and ac-
cepted by the city; section is one of the best In
Oakland; convenient to schools and cars, and
but two "blocks to local station to San Fran-
cisco; circumstances have come up which has
compelled the owner to dispose of the prop-
erty immediately at; a very low figure, and this
is an exceptional opportunity to buy; the rooms
are large and sunny, with combination gas
and' electric light fixtures; the dining-room is
paneled, has artistic sideboard and all modern
conveniences: the house Is tinted, painted : nd
decorated in the latest styles and colors; the
design Is colonial;; photo, with full description,
will be mailed upon application. For further
particulars apply to the office of
GEORGE IC. FISH,. .."i.
\u25a0 1006 Broadway, Oakland. .
Formerly with Shainwaid, Buckbee & Co.
Of San Francisco.
BELDEN'S BARGAIN.
TWO SPECIALS.
$1350— Comfortable 5-room cottage; on 40-ft.
lot," with stable; on Brush- st.,, near 3d; will
rent for $15 and water , f rent developments and
Western Pacific Railroad on 3d st. will make
this a splendid Investment, as<lt will soon be
good business property. , 1 i . • •
$1000 — A beautiful building lot, 50x125. in
one of the choicest sections of Vernon Heights,
near | the elegant mansions of Senator Perkins
and others; commands p.*superb view of moun-
tain and marine . sceneryi owner called else-
where and car.' t utilize it.Vnnce this sacrifice;
easily worth' $2500. . BELDEN. Real Estate.
1112- Broadway, Oakland..' ~ V- \u25a0•'-
NEW TRACT. NEW TRACT. NEW; TRACT. .
Florence Jones Tr^ct No. 2 Just Subdivided
Onlj $5 casn. $5 monthly: beautiful' elevated
lots; ?V4 blocks from on:* of -the: finest' avenues
In the State with city, water, ..electric cars.
schools, ? near and easy walk to steam local
trai nfrr San Francisco; fine view of surround-
ing country; you > can -« have ; any • size j piece;
cotne andget first\choice; will build >home to
Btiit on easy, terms. See HENRY - Z. 1 JONES,
owner. .' Removed \u25a0. to ' 453 : Ninth St.. between
\u25a0 Washington and Broadway. Al
OAKLAND ADVERTSirTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain — One of the choxest
building -lots in Alta Piedmtnt; all street
work, sidewalks, sewers, water and gas
mains complete; magnificent view; faces two
broad avenues; restricted building values ln-
eures elegant home 'surroundings; owner go-
ing away: must sell at once at considerably
less than adjacent lots can be bought for.
Apply to W. J. WHITE CO.. 2C Mont-
gomery st.. room S. /
TO INVESTORS.
Fine corner In best buMness section, of Oak-
Tand: splendid 2-story brick building: rented
for over $200 per month: leased for 5 years;
pays over 7 per cent gross; walls made to carry
two more stories.
CHAPIN & BOOTH. 1263 Broadway.
BARGAIN— G-room house, with lot. en Poplar
near 12th St.. $2500: $SCO cash. $25 per mo.; 8
• o*r cent Interest. Owner. SM^-4 20th. Oakland
'Oakland Fiirniilieii Cottnjje Wanted.
WANTED — Small cottage or flat, furnished;
-accessible to Key Route. Oakland. Bos
37C5. Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert's'ents
— : 1
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 622 — Rooms for rent; housekeeping
privileges; gas rang*, etc.; moderate.
FIFTH, 145ij— Housekeeping rooms to let;
convenient and reasonable.
FOLSOM, S61 — Good housekeeping rooms:
terms very reasonable.
FOLSOM, 941 — Rooms to let with housekeep-
? Ing privileges; water, gas, etc.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott-sThree sunny un-
furnished rooms; bath; laundry; references.
GEARY, 1058 — Two sunny, newly furnished,
connecting rooms, with use of kitchen, bath.
$1S; one small room, $5. j
GEARY. 1905 — Two newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
HAIGHT, 2-2 — Two nicely furnished, large,
sunny rooms and bath: $20.
HAMPTON place, 3, near Third and Folsom — 3
nice sunny connecting rooms for hskpg. : $16.
JONES, 117 — Fine large sunny housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences: moderate.
LARKIN, 41ti!i — Centrally located, nice fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
LARKIN. Sl7% — Sunny corner room; gas
stove; rent reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 310— Rooms to let for
housekeeping; all conveniences; reasonable.
LAG UNA, 1025 — t large rms.; fur.; hskpg. ;
clos., bath; opp. Jefferson Pk.; adults; reas.
MARKET. ' 1035 — Nice, sunny housekeeping
rooms: rent reasonable.
MASON. 1525 — Bay-window room: large, sun-
ny; use kitchen; bath; moderate.
MINNA, 281, cor. Fourth— Sunny front house-
keeping; also single front room.
MISSION. 825 — Fine rooms for light housekeep-
ing. all conveniences.
MISSION, 2047, near Twenty-second— Nicely
furnUhed rooms; some for housekeeping; In
warm belt. . .
OAK. 117. or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry: adults.
OAK, 433 — Beautiful large sunny bedroom, fur-
nished or unfurnished; large kitchen: gas
or coal stove; wash room, bath, hot and ccld
water; yard; all new; reasonable; private
family.
OCTAVIA,' C 27 —2 large furnlsh-ed houseiseep-
>ng front rooms; run. water, gas. bath; reas.
O'FARRCLL. 776 — Front sunny bay window
room & alcove; furnished, run. water; $2U.
O'FARRELI*, 1897. corner Pleree — I nice
rooms; bath, gas, nice location; $16.
O'FARRELL, 1358 — Grand suite with kitchen
connecting, $35; beautifully furnished: others.
PINE, 1227, nr'. Hyde^ — Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; grate; phone.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — Corner
sunny suite, furn. for hskpg.; rent $15 up.
SIXTH, 142 — Housekeeping rooms to let; con-
venient; central; reasonable.
SDCTH, 227, corner Clementina — Furnished
rooms for housekeeping; single or en suite.
SIXTH, 43SV» — Newly furnished housekeeping
room; rent reasonable; also a sunny front
bedroom. Call Sunday or Monday.
SIXTEENTH. 3428 A. near Church— 2 or 3
sunny, nicely furnished, connecting rooms
for housekeeping: phone, gas and bath; cars
pass within 3 doors of theyhouse; reasonable;
no children. /
TURK, 503 — Choice corner; swell; central: 3 or
4 unfurnished rooms to adults; reliable.
AIJARTMEVT HOUSES.
NEW four-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side: completed November 1. All suites have
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth st. ; building opposite.
ET. CECILE, 115 Fell st.. near Van Ness and
Market — New, handsome, fireproof structure;
mod. Improvements: apts. 3-rm., bath; special
inducements for next 60 days; tel. South 1071.
ALTA, opposite Alta Plaza, 2 and 4 room
unfurnished suites; light and sunny. Clay
st., between Pierce and Scott. ' V-*. -
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell; 3-roorn
sunny aparts.; single rooms; modern; reas.
A—YONA — YON NYDACK, 873 Post — I rooms; private
baths; furnished, unfurnished; salt baths.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Van
ness, 3-rm. suite; Grove. 3-rm. suite; reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2, 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam beat.
THE Avalon, 670 Bush et. — 3 and 4 room
apartments with bath; turn, or unfurnished.
THE Frederick, 001 Stanyan — 1 to 5 room?,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 61Cri.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light houseßeeping rooms; open all 'night.
AT "The Almonte." 573 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms 25c to SOc. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore; 2 en-
trances. 112« Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights, running water in every room;. 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $4 week,'
BURTON Hotel. 1126 Howard St.— loo rooms:
new house: modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
CAPP. 16, near Fifteenth — Nice large sunny
front room for 1 or 2 persons; reasonable;
also one front hall room.
CORNER parlors; beautifully furnished for
own use; piano: to responsible couple; rea-
sonable. Tel. East 4583.
EDDY, 821, near Van Ness aye. — 1 or 2 sun-
ny, nicely furnished rooms; reasonable.
FIFTH. 1C9 — Nicely located and well furnished
rooms to let. »i
FOLSOM, 826 — Furnished rooms to let; good
location. - \u25a0 . . .'. -
FOURTH, 179 — Rooms to let by day. week or
month; transient.
FOURTH, 114— Furnished rooms to let, by th«
day, week or month; reasonable.
FOURTH. ' 225 — Nice sunny front rooms.
FOURTH. 271— 100, rooms; all sizes and prices;
new, modern; hot and- cold water.
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st. — Choice rooms
by day, week cr month: central location.
GEARY, 45D. Lowell — Elegant furnished
rooms: single and en suite.,
GEARY. t!2B <The Kensington) — Elegant fur-
nished rooms, single or en suite; all up-to-
date conveniences; central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 82— Furnished rooms at
reasonable rates; convenient.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 333 (Belvedere)— Ele-
. gant furnished \u25a0 rooms; modern, airy, light;
convenient; walking distance.
GRAND SOUTHERN. l<fc» Mission, cor. Sew
enth — ICO rooms; 50c night. $2 to $7 week.
GREEN, 1525. i near Octavia— 2 front rooms,
$12; partly \u25a0 furnished.
GROVE. 208 — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
1 single . room for gentlemanl 2 ;
.GUERRERO. 14M. near Twenty-seventh — Two
furnished rooma; reasonable rent
HOTEL St. Kathryn. cor. Ellis and Leaven-
worth — Most modern and up-to-date hotel in
5.. F.; free bath; new. clean, airy: reas. rates.
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis, bet. Powell and
Mason «ts.. S. F.— Rooms SI to $3 per day;
steam heat and -telephone In each" room.
HOWARD.' 715— Rooms, 25c to $1 per day;
\u25a05 $1 50 ; to $3 per week : reading-room, etc.
JONES, 428 A —Large front room: suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen; private family
f - . \u25a0 - — .
[ROOMS TO " LET — Furn. and* Unfnrn.
. LARKIN. H2— Fine furnished rooms; watsr.
ga«; convenient.
j LARKIN". S(.!i — Large room: I or 2 persons. $«;
single front lor gent. |3.
; ~ \u25a0\u25a0
LEXINGTON. 135 — Nice furnished roum>:
pleasant neighborhood: rates reasonable.
McALLISTEU. cor. I^suna «St. James) — A
newly furnished sunny corner room. $13.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St.— 4oO
single and family rooms. 3T«c to *t 50 per
«!ay; $2 to $S week; the only new and modern
hotrl and rooming-house in San FrancWcot
that has office on ground floor: hot and coli
• water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, ami gives free bath» and eie-
vator day and night to Its guests.
MISSION. S4e — Nice furnished rooms; very
centrally lccated: reasonable.
MONTGOMERY. 716— Furnished rooms to let.
PINE. 1412J, — Sunny south room: $7.
POST. S3o— Large, sunny, front, bay-window
room in private home; suitable for gentle-
man.
KIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third at., near How-
ard — New nouse with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single: rates by day 33e
up; by week. $2 up; baths free to guests-.
SIXTH. 136 — Nice furnished rooms; location
fine: char ires reasonable. /
TAYLOR. 615 — Newly fur, rooms; hot and cold
water: $10 mo.: elegant suites: baths freg.
WOLF House. Howard and Sixths — No better
transient house In city; rates reasonable: lo-
cation central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
UNITED STATES. 12TI Eddy, near Market— 4tH>
rooms; 35c to $1 night, ?1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-roonr; free bus, baggag*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd st. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms.
35c to $1 CO nightly, $2 to $3 week: elevator;
elec. lights: readinir-room: free bus. baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENT* subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church »t<i.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD.
HOTEL MARLBOROUGir^^E^dyTVoV^Just
opened; rooms modern, up to date. light, sun-
ny, airy: hair mattresses: free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean; table unexcelled.
Rates: Rooms for 2 with board. $W> month
and upward: single rooms with board, $3f>:
everything homelike; partor and piano for
guests; location In the heart of city. 404
Eddy st.. 4C4.
CALIFORNIA. So7— Exceptionally good table,
free billiard-room, handsome and sightly
• rooms, board & room for 2. $45 up: single.
$22 50 up; suites, $55 up; see for yourself.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1031 — Furn. sunny rms.:
bath: good boan], $20-$23; two $3S month.
JOHNSTON. THE. 6C5 O'Farreli— Sunny suites
and ainzle rms.; excellent board: references
LEAVENWORTH. 407— Nice furnished rooms,
with excellent table: board; home cooking.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st.. San Francises,
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls, from July I to October 1. 15*^5 :
Beulah Drew Vance. s*y»ars; Agnes E. Sul-
livan. 11 years: Rose May Guion, 5 y«>ar*:
Candacs M. Wilson. 10 years: Julia C Cook.
6 years: Violet Murch. 10 years: Maud
Mufch. S> years: Gertruil? Lucas, 11 years;
Margaret Crr.tty. 8 years.
SEWING MACHINES A.\O SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The maehtnee for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. | Domes-
tic olflc^lO^lMartets^nearSUth^
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $3. $3: slightly
used. $10. $15. $20. You know where doll*
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; tor
past four years at 113-117 Ma^on St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dl»-
easfa cured by Chinese herbs. 74ft-8 Clay st.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 75.000 rolls wallpa-
per, 5c up. Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: U. S. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA, 532 Market st.
INSURANCE. ,
STATEMENT *£l 'y\
07 THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OK THE
ROCHESTER GERMAN INSURANCE!
COMPANY
OF ROCHESTER. IN THE STATE OF NEW
YORK ON THE 31ST DAY OF DECEMBER,
A. D. 10U4. AND FOR THE YEAR ENDING
ON THAT DAY. AS MADE TO THE U»-
SURANCE COMMISSIONER OF THE STATE
OF CALIFORNLA.. PURSUANT TO THE
PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS ttlO AND 611 O*
THE POLITICAL CODE. CONDENSED Afl
PER BLANK FURNISHED BY THE COM-
MISSIONER.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $200. COO 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $376,347 21
Lonns on Bonds and Mortgages... 341,004 SJ
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 444.730 U0
Cash in Company's Office I.3UJ W
Cash In Banks 197.224 0j
\u25a0Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.774 tt
Interest due and accrued on Bands
and Mortgages 8,523 C#
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 143.240 04
(Total Assets t $1.C13.743 M
LIABILITIES.
Lcsses adjusted and unpaid ...... $24,233 23
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 44.087 38
Losses resisted. Including expenses 11.410 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $801,305 66;
reinsurance 50 per cent 400.633 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $500.-
390 Si: reinsurance pro rata.... 441. 537 57
Commissions and Brokerage due or
to become due 2.213 it
Total Liabilities $321,167 12
"/- INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,107,437 U
Received lor Interest on Bonds and
Mortga«3s i 13,932 IS
Iweeived lor interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, trfiana and
from all other source* 31.223 33
Received for Rents V.ltltl &i
front on sale or maturity of Led-
ger Assets 19.112 39
Profit and Loss Account 2«,uw (W
Total Income tl.2C3.7tti 44
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid lor Fire bo^rs
(Including. »bU.sio &a. losaes of.
previous years) $347,213 07
Dividends tv Stockholders. 2U.C00 Ut>.»
Paid or allowed lor Commission
cr Brokerage 237.746 $*
Paid for Salaries Fees, and utlier
charges lor 'officers, cierkj. etc.. 33.074 SI
PasU tor State, National and Local
taxts T. 2a.04« 30
AH ether payments and expendi-
tures , : »4»73«21
Total Expenditure* $1.0(j;.a22 23
Fire. ~"
Lcsses Incurred during th» y— .r $B^<i.lirJ j»
Risks and Prems. I Fire Risk*. I Premium*.
Net am o v 11 t of j I
Kinks written! 1
during ihe year..} $123.3C3,9«3 $1.634.WT «
Nti a m o v ntn t of i t
Risks expired !
during the year.. 107.296.368 1.431.048 93
Net t tv ou ntn t in S
I orce December; 1
3J, 1J)O4 1 130,339.232; 1.607.« m 3O
Subscribed and 'sworn to before me this 30;h
day of January. I'JC3. '-'.",
HON. FREDERICK COOK. President.
H- F. ATWOOD. Secretary^r
EDWARD H. GEHRKE. Notary Public.
THOS. J. CO\ROY/.Manasrr.
523 California, St., San Francisco.
BALFOUH, G t'TIIRIE A CO^KfeJK
\u25a0 Pacific Coast Director*.
Continued on Pue Foiirtttft
1314
\u25a0 IXSURAXCE— ContInned.
United States Branch.
STATEMCVT
OF T|iE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CALKUO.MAX I\SLIIA.\CE CO3XIMAY
OF EDINBURGH. IN SCOTLAND. ON THE
31ST DAY OK UECEMBEU, A. D. I*JO4, AXD
FOR THE YEAR EXWNU'OX THAT DAY,
AS MADE TO THE INSURANCE COMMifc-
SIONER OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
PCRiiUANT TO THE PROVISIONS) OK SEC-
TIONS 010 AND till OF THE POLITICAL
CODE. CONDENSED AS' PEK BLANK FUR-
NISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER.
ASSETS.
P.eal Estate owned by Company.. $134,555 (J6
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and owned by Company. 1,024.250 00
Cash in Company's Oifice 2,»0S IK>
Cash in Banks 147,2(Jj 35
lutereet due and accrutti on ail
Stocks and Loans 10,793 S2
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 157.C12 93
Bill* receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 3C6 11
Due from other Companies lor Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 6,420 54
Commission on Reinsurance Pre-
miums unpaid 5.505 23
Total ABseu 51.822.617 72
=
LIABILITIES.
bosses adjusted and unpaid $51,767 33
Xjcsset In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 65.655 19
Leasts resisted, including expenses 0,003 »7
Grot's premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $SK>6.-
546 S7; reinsurance 50 per cent. 454,178 17
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
SSS2 7SK) 87; reinsurance pro rata 541,387 97
Ail other Liabilities 47,804 27
Total Liabilities $1,156.313 90
INCOME. ~
jf«t ea*h actually received Jor
Fire premiums $1,311,739 +4
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other eources 45.811 15
Received for Rents 45.003 2S
Total Income .$1.402,553 S7
EXPENDITURES. ~"
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
Clacludlng $118,963 47, losses of
previous years) $515,356 62
»_ld or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 299,050 43
Paid for SaJarles Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 81,405 32
Paid for fitate. National and Lo-
cal taxes 36,087 44
jLll other payments and expend-
itures 103.434 54
Total Expenditures .$1,335.340 35
Fire. ~
XiOsses Incurred during the year. . $513.543 45
RUks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the
ye«. . . . .( $154.&51,050 $1,782.206 62
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the
yciV 139.010.080 1.545,551 27
Ket amount in force
December 31, 1904 175.222,069 1,801.136 74
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
tfeth day of January. 19u5.
H. i.. rrtAr»Clv,
Notary Public in New York.
CHAS. H. POST. U. S. Manager.
THOS. J. COXROV, Manager,
523 California St_ San FraneUcc
BALFOL'R, GVTHIUE «& CO-
Pacific Coast Directors.
STORAGE AA'D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.. 601
Van Ness are. Phone East 448. Storage,
moving, packing: cut rates on freight.
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise. GoMen Gate & Larkin: phone East 128.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
par.y. 2320 Fillmore el; phone Jackson 281.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore: tel. West 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AA'D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and low»-r prices : rentals, $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California 6t.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE 1* hereby given that I intend to ap-
ply to the State Board of Prison Directors to
be paroled from the State Prison at San
Quentln according to law.
(Signed) MICHEL SCOLAMIERO.
CARDS A>"D IXVITATIOZVS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting 4; busi-
ness cards, creets, etc.; high -class work: mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan, 126 Kearny •»«. 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licensee were Issued
yesterday by the County Clerk:
James Lee, iS. 275 Fifth street, and Julia
Costello, 25. 350 Brannan street.
Henry C. C. Wltte, 27. 91 Ash avenue, and
Bertha E. Krieg, 19. 426 Waller street.
Michael J. Sullivan. 27, 140 Hawthorne
•treet, and Msxy K. Sullivan. 22, 3977 Army st.
C&legaro Madda. 40. 428 Union street, and
Franceeca Taormina, 31, 42S Union street.
Ernest H. Sh'.bley, 2S, Port Costa, and Lil-
lian V. Clarkson, 25, 1428 Hyde street.
Carl M. Lovsted, 21. Honolulu, and Tash-
leen E. Jones, IS, Minneapolis.
Archie C. F. Hutchlnson, 32, Lick House,
and Bertlia M. Benson. 33, 135 CapD street.
Henry E. WeisKerber. 29. 204 Clara street,
and Annie E. Lestrange, 26, 429 A Natoma st.
Lauren A. Noyes, 32, Boston, and Bertha C.
EUrk, 24, Los Angeles.
Leo W. Eamuel, 23, 1102 Golden Gate avenue,
and Esther Herzog, 18, 223 Paris ctreet.
Edward A. Gray. 28, Healdsburg, and Flora.
B» Coots, 30. 140 Remain street.
Cla-ude E. Brigham. 27. Pr««idio. and Elsie
Dorr. 21. 1115 Hyde street.
Harry Phillips. 34, 3504 14 Mission street, and
May C. Joseph 18, Oakland.
J. Bryant Orimwood, 32, Fruitvale. and
Prances B. Allen. 24, city.
John L. G rend or. a, 22, 613% Lombard street,
and Charlotte Kramer. IS. ' 1604 Mason street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
ißtil will not be Inserted. They must be handed
la st either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the .sane published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
EOTBON — In this city, October 6, 1905, to the
wife of George M. Boyson. a son.
JOHANEEN— In San Rafael. October 8, 1905.
to the wife of Ludwlg Johansen, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HARRIS — EFFTNGER— In this city, October
11, 1905. by the Rev. James H. N. Williams.
George Albert Harris and Reaa. Raymond
Efflnger. both or th:s city.
JOHNSON— 6CHULZE— In this city. October
10. 1905. by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke.
Charles Johnson of Ban Francisco and Ida
D. Schulze of Grand Rapids, Mick.
DIED.
Andersen. Robt., 4 tnoi O'Keefe, John F
Callahan, Kate. 22 Osborn. Wm. L * 26
Tsu>ey, David 8.. 36. Pforr. Christian, 68
Cook, Margaret, 21 Plummer, William 77
Copeland. Albert, 19 Ragan, Ralph 7 mos.
Curry, Rodger, 4 xncs. P.oach, David -L. 47
Elmer. Mary. 78 Roberts, Itobt. Vm
Fellows, Ralph. 84 Sabln, John Ira 58
Hatch, A. MclicM, E3 Scott, Patrick, ci
Heuer. Etta. fi*n-lerman.l»aullne C<s
Irwln. Trancts. 75 K*rv*rln. Rudolph, 17
Lucero, Esflllo. e3 K^erman, Even A 1
Lundstrftzn. John, 4<J Ktemb»;rg. David «9
Mamer, Mary 44 Walth, Alice L -38
Mello, Edna P., 26 Welm. Itr.bt. E 4
Menary, Robt. W. H. Wlckenthelnjer, Lydia
Moore, Hannnfr. 56 15
ANDERSEN— In thl* city, October 11, 19C5,
Robert C.. infant yon of Nels E. anj Anna
Aadersen. a native of Kan Franc'jsco, aged
4 months and 14 days.
CALLAHAN— In this city. October 11. 19C5,
Kate Callahan, beloved elsttr of William and
Lottie Callahan and Mrs. Arnc* C.aßby, a
native of San Francleco, ace<l 22 yetti*. •'•\u25a0
C7*Notice of funeral hereafter.
CASET— In this city. October 11, ISOS, David
B. Casey, beloved sen of the late James M.
and Eliza. 3. Case-;.-, a native of Colma, S&n
lleif-o Ccunty, Cal., aged 36 years.
CTFrlends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
CEMETERY PLOTS
Xa Odd Felloirs* and Masonic Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots in
MOUNT OLIV£T.
For particulars apply at City Office.
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 800 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St.
Ann's Church, Colma, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencloc at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
COOK— In this city, October 11. 1005, at her
residence, 1-±2U bacramento street, Margaret,
dearly beloved wife of S. S. Cook, and loving
caugiiter of John and Margaret O'Keofe, and
tifcier of Mary, Joseph, Francis, Cecelia,
Klhel. John, toward and Evelyn O'Keete, a
native of lienicia, Solano County, Cal., aged
-1, years 11 months and 11 oays.
COI'ELAXD— In AVatsonvilie, Cal., October 10,
HK/5,- Albert T.. beloved son of the late
Alexander and Elizabeth Copeland, and
brother of William and John H. Copeland,
a native' of tan lranc:sco. aged 10 years' 4
months and. -i days.
C?rriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Kriaay, October lIS.' at - o'clock p. in., at
the funeral parlors cf Porter &. White, 4"3
Golden CJate avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CURKY— In this city, October 11, 1905, Rodger
t". Curry, beloved son of William Curry and
of the late Mamie Curry, a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 4 months.
(C7"lnterment will take place at Llvermore
to-day (Thursday).
EL.MEII— In this city, October 9, 1905. Mary
Elmer, a native of Xew York, aged 7b years.
FELLOWS— October 10. 1905, Ralph Fellows.
beloved son of Mrs. J. and the late W. Fel-
lows, and brother of Frank and Edwin F«l-
lows and Mrs. M. Byrns, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 34 years. .
HATCH— In this city. October 9. 1905, A. Me-
lltsa Hatch, beloved mother of Frank Oliver,
Rose Melissa and Charles Harris Hatch, Mrs.
S. Federspiel and Mrs. C. M. Buck, sister
of C. R. Moore, and daughter of Mary M.
and James XV. Moore, a native of Pitts-
burg, Pa., aged 's 3 years 2 months and 19
days. (Pittsburg, Pa., papers please copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, October 12, at 10 a. m., from the ie*-i-
dence of Mrs. C. M. Buck, Haywards. Cal.
Interment Lone Tree Cemetery. Haywards.
HEUER— In this city, October 11, 1905, Etta,
Idolized daughter of Doris and the late
Philip Heuer, and devoted sister of Mrs. F.
E. Willson, Mrs. G. XV. Lucy and George F.,
Philip C. and Doris Heuer, a native of San
Francisco.
E7"rhe funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Friday), at 2:30 p. m., at the
family residence, I'll 7 Taylor street. Inter-
ment private, i..
IRWIN— In .this city, October 10. 1005.
Francis, beloved husband of the late Ann
Irwin. ar.*. devoted father of Mrs. C. Neall,
Mrs. F. Daley. Mrs. M. Jacobsen, Mrs. J.
Stolle and the late Mrs. Xora McKee and
Thomas Irwln. Jb. native of Ireland, aited 75
years.
E3*"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Friday), October 13, at 12:30 o'clock p. m.,
from hla late residence, 1428 Montgomery
street, thence to Red Men's Hall, 220 Golden
Gate avenue, where services will -be held
under the auspices of Pohonachee Tribe No.
10. Improved O. It. M..*" Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LUCERO — In this city, October 11, 1905,
Esfilio Lucero, beloved husband of the late
Maria Lucero. and beloved father of Mar-
cel Inc. Rafaele. Miguel, Fldenclo, Porfirlo,
Manuel. Santa Maria, Josefa and Adelaide
Lucero, a native of Mexico, aged 63 years.
LUNDSTROM— In this city, October 10. 1905,
John, beloved brother of Ivar Lundstrom. 'a
native of Norway, aged 46 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Coopers' Union No. 66, C. I. U., ±r«
rsi-spectfully invited to attend the funeral
services to-morrow (Friday), ot 1:30 o'clock
p. m., at Craig, Cochran & Co.'s mortuary
chapel. 42fl Golden Gate avenue, under the
auspices cf the Scandinavia^ Society. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MAMER— In this city. October 10, 1905, Mary,
beloved wife of John P. Mamer, a native of
Australia, aged 44 years 5 months and 22
days .
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 53 Rondel place, off Sixteenth
street, between Mission and Valencia, thenoe
to Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MELLO — In this city, at the residence- of her
sister, Mrs. A. H. Bocarde, 26 Dorland
street, Edna P.. beloved wife of Joseph
Mell*. and loving mother of Roswell and the
late Elsie Mello, and daughter of Edward
and Mary Floyd, and sister of Mrs. H. J.
Horwege, Mrs. A. McDowell. Mrs. A. H.
Bocarde and Mrs. C. P. Scott, a n'atlve of
San Francisco, Cal., aged 20 years 9 months
and 3 daye.
MENARY— In Baden, Cal., October 10, 1905,
Robert W. H.. bfloved husband of Mary A.
Menary, and father of Robert V., Roy D.,
Edith R. and Roland L. Menary, and brother
of Mrs. XV. S. Roe of Bodega and Mrs. H.
E. Lewis of San Jose,, and cousin of Dr. P.
A. Menary of Santa Rosa, a native of Ire-
land.
E7"The funeral cervices > will be held at
Bloomfleld. Sonoma County, Cal., on Friday,
October 13, at 1 p. m. Remains at the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
until 7:30 o'clock Friday morning. \u25a0
MOORE— In this city, October 10, 1905, Han-
nah, dearly beloved wife of the late John
Moore, and lovine mother of James A. and
Edward F. Moore, Mrs. George H. Garrlsche
of Buffalo, N. V., and the late Nellie C. and
Annie C. Moore, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 56 years.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1474 Pare street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a requiem high mas:
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, October 11; 1905, John
F., beloved husband of Mamie Hussy
O'Keefe, and father of Clarence J. and John
F. O'Keefe, and brother of Mrs. P. H. Wln-
tereon, a native of San Francisco.
tC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from hit late
residence, 15 Bourbon street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OSBORN— In Oakland. Cal., October 11, 1905,
William Leonard Burnet Osborn, beloved son
of Laura Osborn. and brother of Mrs. C. N.
Gilbert and Ray Osborn, a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 20 years and 10 months.
PFORR— In this city, October 10, 1905,
Christian Pforr, beloved father of Anna
Pforr, a native of Germany, aged t>S years.
E7"The funeral service* will take place
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street.
Interment private.
PLUMMER— In Berkeley, Cal., October 9, 1905,
William Pluinmer, beloved husband of the
late Emma Plummer. and father of Walter
. J. and Robert H. Plummer of Alameda,
Mrs. George R. Moss of Berkeley and George
Plummer of Elendale, Mich., a native of
Coespy, Norfolk, England, aged 77 years and
11 months.
JE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 12, at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the
West End Methodist Church, corner Eighth
street and Santa Clara avenue, Alameda. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. *
ROBERTS— In Calistoga, Cal., October 9. 1906,
Robert William Roberts, dearly beloved huß-
band of Julia C. Roberts, and lovinsr brother
of John G., Joseph F., James E. and Mary
E. Roberts. Mrs. Jacob Gardner, Mrs. C. F.
Kinsman and Mrs. Clark Spence, a native of
San Francisco.
C7"Frier!ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 13, at 11:30 a. m., from his former
residence, 1015 Eddy street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Laundry Waioa Drivers' Union No. 256—
Members are earnestly requested to assemble
on Friday, October 13, at 11 a. m., at 1915
Eddy street, to pay our respects and assist
at the funeral of our late brother, R. XV.
Roberts.
lIAGAN— In this city, October 11, 1905, at the
residence of the parents, 87 Central avenue,'
Ralph, beloved eon of J. W. and Alice Ra-
gan. a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
IT^Funeral to-morrow (Friday), October
13. by electric luneral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Interment private.
Hour of funeral in to-morrow's paper.
ROACH— In this city, October 10, 1905. David
L., beloved eon of the late Lawrence and
Julia Roach, and Jovlng brother of Jeremiah,
Thomas and Frank Roach, a native of San
Francisco, aged 47 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the Darlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
rtret-t, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high masa will be celebrated for the repose
WdODLAWN . CEMETERY,
' fcan Mateo County. •
MASO.VIC CK3IKTKRY ASSOCIATION.
1 CSO Jamesr Flood Building, S. F.
i : ;—; — : — ~ —
i McAvoy, O'Hara & Co.
J FCXKIIAL. DIRECTOIIS. \'
I Hcmoved to Their New Parlors,
i 2CI-2U HATES ST., opp. bT. IGN VI lUS CHURCH
I Lady Assistants. Telephone South 247
James McGinn. Henry Hansen
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly with McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy et. Tel. East Btf.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1905.
of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
> Cemetery. ?? '
SABIN— In this city, October 10, 1005, John
. Ira Sab'n. beloved husband of Laura L.
Sabtn, and father of Mrs. R. XV. Payne, Mrs.
/ A. N. BJornstad and Irene Sabln, a native
of New York City, aged 58 years and 7 da -
E^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 13, at 1:30 p. m., from Golden Gate
Commandery. Hall, 025 Sutter street, under
the auspices of California Lodge No. I,' F.
and A. m. Interment private.
SCOTT— In this city, October 11. 1905. Patrick
Scott, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
morning, October 13, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2483 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst, thence by electric funeral car
from corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 10:30 a. m. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
EENDERMAN— In Black Diamond, October 10,
1905, Pauline Cerf, beloved wife of the late
Aaron Sendcrman, and beloved mother of
Mrs. S. Bachrach. Mrs. S. Deutsch, Mrs. E.
M. Bernstein and Bernard J., Amelie D. and
Mlrtile J. Senderman, a native of Pfalzburg.
France, aged 00 years 8 months and IS day?.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. rh.. at
the residence of Mr». S. Deutsch, 1908 A
Baker street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets. Omit flowers.
SEVERIN— In this city, October 9, 1905,
Rudolph H., beloved son of Johanna C. and
the late Henry Severin, and brother of J. H.
and H. H. Severin. a native of New Hol-
stein, Wls., aged 17 years 3- months and 22
day*. \u25a0
CTRemalns at the funeral oarlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Missrion 'street (Mission
Masonic Temple), between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third, until Saturday at 3 p. m.
Interment New Holstein, Wis.
SODERMAN— In this city, October 11, 1905,
Sven Albin, beloved son of L. P. and Louisa
Soderman, and brother of Grace Ingeborg
ar.d Paul Lester Soderman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month and S days,
STERNBERG— .In this city, October 11, 1005,
David L., beloved husband of the late Ro-
salia Sternberg, and father of Mrs. Ray Sll-
verman and Jennie, Sadie, Less, Morris and
Henry Stemberjr, and brother of Mrs. S.
Marks of Uklah, Cal., a native of Germany,
aged 69 years 11 months and 6 days.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
October 13. at 10 a. m., from hla late resi-
dence, 277 Fourteenth street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
WALSH— In this city. October 10. 1005. Alice
L., beloved wife of Louis K. Walsh, and sis-
ter of Frank V. and Bessie Canning of New
York, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
36 years and 1 day.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
< Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 1453 Taykir street.
WEISS— In this city, October 11. 1905. at the
residence of bis parents, 917 Minnesota
street, Robert E., dearly beloved son of
Frank J. and the late Marsraret E. Weiss
(nee McAullfte), and loving stepson of
Agnes A. Weiss, and brother of Elizabeth
A., Richard L., Frank J. Jr., Margaret and
Agnes Welsa, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 10 months and 12 days.
icy Notice of funeral hereafter.
WICKERSHEIMER— In this city, October 10.
1905. Lydia. youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of August and Catherine Wlcker-
Ehelmer, and loving sister of August Jr.,
Ernest and Emily Wickersheimer. a native
of San Francisco, Cal., aged 15 years 1
month and 27 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). October 12. at 1:30 p. m., from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 113" Mls-
Fion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Members of the Society Alsace-Lorraine
are requested to attend the funeral of Miss
Lydia Wickersheimer, daughter of Comrade
August 'Wickersheimer, Thursday, October
12, 1905. at 1 p. m.. from the undertaking
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street. By order of
JEROME MILLY. President.-
PAUL E. MERTZ, Secretary.
St. Domlnlc'6 Church Building Associa-
tion — The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church Thursday at 9 a. m.
Plots In 91tr Cemeteries
Taken In Part Fayment
fox Plots in
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
1504 MARKET STREET
Or at Cemetery.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
DptPwd pfd 85' 95 IS Jose Wat. 103% —
FN Bk, 0k.120 — ISO &MTgbt.Us —
Flschr Thtr 75c — So Pac Co. . — CS
F^nch-A 8k.106% — Swiss -A 8k.125 130
Gas Con A. 18 20 Truck Elect. 17 IS%
Hono P Co. — 36 Union S Co. 56% 3S',a
Do old pi. — 38 W-Fargo 8k.220 —
Do nw pi. — 37 |
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Cal Gas & Electric Corp 92 25
Street—
100 Cal Gas & Elec Corp (certfs) . 90 00
Afternoon Session.
Street —
20 Cal Gas & Electric Corp •. 92 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stocks— Bid. : Asked.
Axllne * 4S
Asso Oil Stock cert 57 58
Caribou 7 50 10 00
Chicago Crude (new) OS ....
Claremont 75
Forty 55 CO
Home 63
Independence 25
Kern 14 50
Kern (new) .30
Kern River 0 00
McKittrick 00
Monte Crlsto "0 75
Occidental of W Va 04 % ...<
Oil City Petroleum 80 90
Peerless I 9 00
Piedmont 03 07
Re«d Crude 24
Senator 165
Sovereign % 28
Superior 05 06
Thirty-three * 87%
Toltec 65 •
Twenty-eight 14 00
Wabash 34 • 36
Miscellaneous stocks —
Abby Land & Imp Co 125 ' 135
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Abby Lanti & Impt Co 1 27%
488 Asso Oil Co cert 57
Street —
600 Thirty-three Oil 6 00
Afternoon Session. »
Board — \u25a0-\u25a0[••/^ '•'\u25a0'•.?':>:'\u25a0,
60 Caribou Oil 8 00
ailnlns Stocks. -
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board 1 yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks.
600 Alta 05 500 Kentuck ..... 02
400 Andes 22 500 Overman 12
100 Bfclcher 23 200 Sierra Nev .. 28
200 Belcher 21 200 Yellow Jacket 13
100 Con Va M...1 35
12 m. Informal Session— Comstocks.
500 Alta 04] 100 Mexican .....1 10
100 Andes 22| 350 Ophir 5 50
700- Andes 21| 100 Overman .... 13
100 BelcJier ..... 25 500 Overman 12
700 Belcher 26 300 Potosi 14
700 Caledonia ... 49 100 Potosi .... 13
100 Chollar 14 1200 Silver Hill . . 91
300 Con Va M...1 30 200 Sliver Hill .. 'Si
100 Crown Point. 03 300 Silver Hill .. 03
100 Gould & Cur. 20 500 Union Con. 1 ..': 47
100 Gould & Cur. 19 1200 Yellow Jacket 13
100 Hale & Norc.l 051
2 p. m. Session — Comstocks.
200 Alta 04 200 Hale & Norc.l 10
100 Caledonia ... 4S 200 Ophir 550
100 Caledonia ... 47 100 Potosi ....... 13
100 Confidence ... 70|1000 Yellow Jacket 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid: Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 10 11 Justice •. 03 04
AUa 04 05 Kentuck ;.... 01 02
Andes 21 22 Lady Wash. .. 02 04
Uelcher ..... 25 26 j Mexican .....1 06 110
Uest & 8e1.. 1 15 1 20 Occidental ... -87/sOO
pulllonf . .'. . . 37 :«>, Ophir . . . . ..5 37% 550
ralt-donla ... 47 48|Ophlr Bruns.. 07-10
Challenge ... 16 17JOverman .... 12. .13
Chollar 13 14iPotosl ....... 13 '14
Con Va M...1 30 135 Savage ...... .49 GO
Con Imperial — 02| Scorpion ..... 13 1 5
Confidence .. 09 .\u25a072jseg Belcher..' 04 05
• Crown Point. 07 08; Sierra . N«ev . . 27 28
Con NY.... — . 02iSilver Hill . . 1)1 ua
E Sierra Nev 03 05 St Louis .... 0C —
JSureka C0n..2 25 ' — Syndicate 11 _.
Gould & Cur. 19 20 Union Con ..46 48
Exchequer • . . :50<- C 5 Utah o:{ 05
Hale &;Norc.l 15 120 Yellow Jacket 12 13
Julia 07 OS
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
•' Morning: Session.
500 Big' Blfg. b3O 12| 2500 Kendall ... . . ID
1500 Black Butte.. \u25a0 191- 200 MacNamara.. :JS
2000 Black Butte.: ' 18!«500 N Star b 90 52
i 1000 BJ' Btte, b9O. 191*500 North Star .. 4»
200 Bullfrog Ex.. 3012C00 North Star .. 50
40CO Blue Bell 1 ... 07j 400 N V Ton Con 16
1000 Den Blfg blO 25 500 N-Y Ton Con 17.
rOOO Dfn' Bullfrog. 25 2000 Ohio Ton ....'2O
200 Forest City.. 35 1000 Paymaster ... (2
;:COO GldHd M, blO CO 1000 Red Top, c 5. 150
1000 Goldtteld Mm 5!*i1200 Red Top .... CO
500 Jim Butler .. (!)| 500 S F. Bullfrog- 17
100 Jim Butler .. GSir.OOO Tokop Con .. . 01
500 Jumbo Ex.slO 24 200 Ton Ex, s 5.C 00
7500 Kendall, s 10 19' 500 Ton Ex, s 10.0 CO
10,000 Kiidall, b'JO 20| 500 Ton Md-way.l 4"! i
Afternoon Session.
500 Bullfrog Ex.. 34j 4CO N V Ton Con 10
POOO Bullfrog Ex.. 33* 500 N V Ton Con 17
700 Bullfg N Bk Hi 500 N« V Ton Con 18
£000 Den Bullfrog. 25 100 Ohio Ton . . . L".J
JOOO Dixie 11 1000 Orig Blfrg. s3O 21
JOOO Eclipse 44. 1000 Pennsylvania. 02
1000 Eclipse ..... 4312500 Tokop Con ... 01
JOOO Eclipse, s 10. 4312500 Tokop Con,b9o 02
100 Gold B*r ... 25 1300 Ton Blmnt.l 42V.
400 Oold Anchor. 871 200 Ton Belmont..l 45
000 Goldfleld Mln S9 1200 Ton Bin nt.l 42 J /a
10C0 Jim Butler .. <9[2000 Home Ccn.bHO IBJ
2CO Jumbo M Co. 70 5000 Ton Hme Con 08
4500 Jumbo Ex ..'24 5000 Home Con,b3o C 9
500 Kendall 19 5000 Home Con.bOO 10
125 Mont T0n.. 2 72Yj 150 Ton Midway.. l 50
COOO North Star . . 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask
Belmont 1 40 145 Lucky Tom .. — .05
Belmont Ex.. — • 12| MacNamara..* 37 38
Boston Ton.. 12 13' Midway .....1 47 150
Brgr's JB Ex — 10'Mizpah Ex .. 11 13
California ... 05 10; Mont Ton ...2 72 275
Cash Boy .. 17 1!» Mon Pttsburg — lrt
Colehan — 10[ Monitor ..... 02 03
Eula Con ... — 171 N V Ton Con • 17* 10
Gold Anchor. 87 Si>i North Star . . 49 50
Golden Gate. — 08' Ohio Ton 20 30
Gold Mt .... 11 12 Red Rock Ex — .IS *
Gold Mt Con — 01 Rescue 07 08
Great Westrn 03 04; Ton Exten ..6 00 612
Ind Tonopah. 01 02 ! Ton Hme Con 07 H)S
Home 09 10 TonSlv & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler.. 69 70,' Ton of Nev.l2 75 13 25
J Butler Ex — 171 Virginia 10 —
Little Ton ..2 00 2 50|West End ... 95 09
Goldfleld District.
Adams 04 00] Great Bend .. — 06
Atlanta 11 12 Highland — 20
Aurora 06 09! Jumbo M Co. 74 70
Black Ants.. — 04 Jumbo Ex ... 23 2t
Black Butte. 18 20 Juno . ... — 01
Blk Btte Ex. 02 03 Kendall 18 20
Black Rock.. 01 03 Kendall Ex. . — 02
Blue Bell ... 05 0« Lone Star ... OS 0!)
Blue Bull ... 06 07! Lucky Star .. — 04
Brooklyn ... 01 02JMay Queen ... IB 16
Btte Goldfleld — 45 Mohawk 13 15
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy. . IS 16
Booth M Co. 00 — Nev Goldfleld. 18 20
COD 40 50 Nev Southern. — 11
Columbia 15 — Oakes — 10
Columbia Mt 16 10 Oakland — 10
Conqueror .. 10 lljOro — 05
Diamond ... — 15 1 Pennsylvania. 02 C 3
Diamondfleld. 26 2!) Red Lion 03 01
Dmdfld Trngl — 10( Potlatch — 08
Dominion ... — «8 Bed Top 60 61
Dixie 10 12 Red. Top Ex. 02 03
Kmpire 04 05 Sandstorm ... 42 45
Exploitation. ' — 04 Sandstorm Ex 07 08
Fawn 05 — I Sherman .... — 25
Florence 2004 (0 Silver Pick .. 08 C 9
Frisco — 10| Simmerone . . — 25
Gold Dust ..' — 07! St Ives 14 15,
Gold Hill ... — 04l Treasure 04 C 5 ;
Goldfleld Mln 53 CO] Verde —.04
Gld& G Reed — 10! Vernal 05 06
Gldfld Rand. 05 o»j| Wonder — 02
Goldfleld Ton — 05|
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa .. 08 101 Gold Bar 23 24
Amethyst ... — 15! Gldfld Bullfrg — 10
Big Bullfrog. .12 — ILtge Harris.. 02 0-1
Bonnie Clare — 60|Mont Bullfrog 03 04
Bullfrog Mm 45 50 Orig Bullfrog. 21 22
Bullfrog Am 02 04 Pilot 18 —
Bullfrog Com 06 — Red Dog 06 12
Bullfrog Ex. 34 36 San Francisco 17 19
Blfrg Bundle 10 —Shoshone ...; — 19
Blfrg Jumper 10 — | Shoshn B Gld — 25
Ballf* N Bk 15 l«l Steinway .... — 17
Den Bullfrog 25 2fi: Ventura 11 —
Dn Blfg Anx 05 06; Vista Grande. — 05
Eclipse 43 441 Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts. [
Brown Hope. — 141 Paymaster ... 02 03
Congress 15 — Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Esperanza .. — 01 Rocco Hmstk. 75 —
Gold Reer M 15 — Rothwoll — 26
Gold Quartz. 32 — | Silver Peak .. — 17
Kawich &B. — 131 Southwestern. — 25
Kawlch Gold. — C2I Sylvania — 17
Kawch MCo 06 O'J Tokop Con ... — 01
LI da Hawk.. — BO;
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yeeterday:
*9:30 a. m. Session.
300 Belcher 27i 200 Mont T0n.. .2 72^
1000 Eclipse 45| 200 Mont Ton ...2 75
300 Goldfleld Mln .r-9j. r -9j 100 Ophir 5 t>2>4
2600 Hme Con. b6o 09 ! 1500 Rtd Top 00
500 Jim Butler.. 71! 1000 Ton Midway.. l 43
200 J Butler, slO 70) 1000 Ton N Star. . 4'J
1500 Kendall 20; 1000" N Star, b 10. 49
11 a. in. Session.
300 Caledonia ... 4913500 Nfct Bank ... 16
2000 Eclipse 45| 1500 Orig Blfg.blO 22
200 Gold Anchor. 87 1 10C0 Orig Bullfrog. 21
3000 Hme Con,b6o l.o'3o<X> Red Top 60
1000 Kendall 20 COO Ton Mldway..l 45
200 Mexican ..1 07*6 1000 Ton N Star.. 49
800 Mont T0n.. .2 72% 200 Ton N Star.. 50
2 p. m. Session.
2500 Black Butte. 19' 500 Nac Bank ... 16
3000 Dixie, b 30... 12 2500 Orig Bullfrog. 22
1500 Goldfleld Mln 50| 1000 Red Top, b 10 60
1000 G S Pick... 09 500 Ton Blmnt.l 42 &
ICCO Home CO SOON Star, s 10 4!»
1000 M'Nmra, b3O 3J> ICXiO N Star, b 15. 50
300 Mont T0n.. 2 72^ 1000 Ton N Star.. 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bld.Ask.! Bld.Ask.
Alpha 10 ll|Julia 09 —
Alta — ooi Justice — 04
Andes 21 — JKentuck — 02
Belcher 25 — [Lady Waeh... — 04
Best &\u25a0 8e1..l 10 — Mexican 1 00 —
Bullion 37 | — Occidental-.... 87 91
Caledonia ... 50 511 Ophir 550 —
Challenge ... 17 — ; Overman 12 —
Chollar 12 — Potosl 13 —
Confidence . . 77 — Savage 48 —
Con Va M.I 30 1 37Vi Seg Belcher.. 05 —
Con Imperial — 02i Scorpion 12 14
Con N V.V.. — 04| Sierra N>ev . . 26 —
Crown Point. 08 lOj Silver Hill . . 87 —
Exchequer .. 49 — I St Louis .... — 11
E Sierra Nev — 04! Union Con ..46 —
Gould & Cur. 20 21: Utah 03 05
Hale & Norc.l 00 1 05,' Yellow Jacket 13 —
Tonopah District.
Belmont ..1 40 147 Vj; Mizpah Ex . . 10 12
California ... 07 — | Mont T0n. .2 72% 275
Cash Boy . . . — 20, N V Ton Con 20 21
Colehan ..... — 10| North Star .. 49-51
Gold Anchor. — 1 00! Ohio — 30
Great Westrn 03^ 04 1 Paymaster ... 01^4 C 2
Home OS CO] Rescue 07'
Home Con . . — 0J S Nev Dev. . — 10
Ind Tonopah. — 02' Ton Exten ..6 75 —
Jim Butler ... — T-i Ton of Nev.l2 50 13 25
Lucky Tom.. — . 17J United Ton .. — 15
MacNamara.. — 39 West End ... 110
Midway ...1 45 1 52% 1
Goldfleld District.
Adams ...... 04 05>/i| Jumbo M Co. 70 —
Austin — 31 j Jumbo Ex ... 22' 25
Black Butte. 18 20; Kendall 18-20
Blk Btte Ex. 02 03VijLo ne star ... 08 —
Black Rock.. — o:t| May Queen .. 16
Blue Bell ... — OGj Mohawk ..... 15 —
Blue Bull ... 08 Oil Nev Goldfleld. 19 —
Brooklyn ... 02 05' Oakes — 09
Columbia Mt 18 — jOro ' . 05
Diamond ... OS 15i Pa Goldfleld.. 02 03
Diamondfleld. 27 31 1 Red Lion 02 '—
Dixie 10 12 Red Top .... 56 61
Frisco — 10; Red Top Ex. 01% —
Exploitation. — 03|St Ives ..:.. 14 16
Gldfld G Dst — 07 Sandstorm ... 50 53
Gld& G Reed 11 — (Sandstorm Ex 08 09
Gldfld L Star — 08| Silver Pick .. — 03
Goldfleld Nev 58 60 Simmerone .. 20
Great Bend .. 03 — | Vernal — C 6
Bullfrog District. %
Amargosa ... 01 03 Lige Harrf«.. 01 03
Beatty Blfror 05 Mont Bullfrog — 06
Bullfrog Anx — OH Orig Bullfrog. 21 23
Bulifrg Belle — 07 Shoshone .... — la
Bullfrog Mm — 67 Vista Grande. — 15
Bullfg N Bk 15 17 Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse — 44
Other Districts./
Brown Hope. — \u25a0 lOlPine Grove ..20 2ft
Esperanza \u0084 00% 01 1 Ray & O'Brien 05 \u25a0 —
Free Gold . . — 15t Rothwoll .... — 25
Gold Mt Con — 02! Sliver Peak .. — 21
Kawlch Gold. — 051 Ton Berkeley. — 02
Nev Sunshine 15 — I Ton Gold Mt. 10 14
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11.
William Denman to M. Z. Loughborough and
A. D. Keyes. lot on . NE corner of ; Sacramento
and Polk streets, E 85 by N 77:8%; $10. ;
i James and Mary J. Shepard and Samuel Ick
euielmtr to Association of Master 'Plumbers,
San Francisco, lot on NW corner of Page and
Gough streets, N 60 by W 107:6; $10. . ,
, Hyman, Lena, Isaac and Lillle Wolt. to An
nie- T.Dunphy, lot -on S line of Sutter street,
82:6 XV of Octavla, W 55, S 120, E 50, N 32:6,.
E 5, N 87; $10. . . ;
Charles and ; Abe Rosensteln to Jacob Hey
man Company, lot on XV line of Flllmore street,
4S S of Greenwich. S 24 by W 100; $10./
Jacob Heyman -Company to Simon Cohn,
same; $10.* v ;-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;' \u0084\u25a0'• \u25a0 !. . : \u25a0' v :
Delia I. Lynch to John Corbett, lot on S line
of Greenwich street, 100 W of Flllmore, W
37:0 by S 120: $10. . r,
Elizabeth . Mears . to Samuel Hermann, 2038
D 188, ' lot \u25a0' on " S . line of Green ' street/ 275 E
of Pierce. S 110. W 25:1, N 119:2,, E 25,
record D: $5.\ - .
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(Patrick -W. Rlordan) to William J..McKillop;
lot on E line \u25a0:\u25a0 of AshbiiVy street, 100 S or
•Haight, S 50 by, E 125; $10. ''<\u25a0.:\u25a0
MathiasJ., Connolly, to Daniel D.: and . Mary
O'Neill lot on E line ' of. Folsora street. 50 N
of Thirteenth, N, 25, E 80, S 22:7, W. 80: $10.
Ellen Noone to \u25a0 Robert H. and Louisa S.
Seeman, .lot*' on!' E line of. Oakwood* street, 395
S of Eighteenth, S 20, E 118, ; N 25, W 107; $10.
F. \L.vA. Pioche and*,Buena Vista Home
stead Association to John ; Kelly, j lot on? NE
corner of Twenty-flrst \u25a0 and Sanchez - streets, N
57 by E 105; $500. .: . -
T: F, Klernan and R.. J. ; and Josie'O'Brien
to. Harriet' P. 'Van Den Bergh. lot on E line of
Sanchez street; 50 S of ' Fourteenth; S 25 by
E 125; $10. • "
• Victor and * Maria Evars to Michael P. . and
Margaret F. Broderick. lot on W line of Flori
da street. 150 N of Twenty-third, N 26:3 by
W 100; $10. '
Estate of Bessie Smith or McAllister (by
Frederick Smith/administrator) to Lilly Mc-
Allibier and E. McGreevy. lot on E-llne of
Elizabeth street, 143:0% E of Guerrero. E 25
by i U4:O; 520C0." -
John G. -nd Daiste L. Short to John- A.
and May G. Holland lot on S line of Clipper
strtet. KJ3:4 EotE ot Noe, E 24:8 by S 114; $10.
Ptter and Hannah Tamcny to N. F. '). Jo.-
pensi-n and C. P. Schmidt, lot on W corner of
Twenty-sixth and Castro streets, W 50:10 by
S 114; $10.
\u25a0 i.uwi.. .. and Grace S. Osborn to Harriet G.
Centtr. lot on W line of Montgomery, street,
50 N of Commercial. N 2J>:O, W CO, S 19:9, E
S:8, S »;l), E 57:«; $10.
Annie E Chapman to Hattie B. Turner,
Frank H. and Frederic)* N. Chapman, lot on
N line of California street, 137:0 W of Stock
ton (,\'\v corner of California street and Elleck
lane), W no by N- 54; gift.
Hannah and Francois Marx to Henry Arnold,
lot on E Upe of Hyde street, S7:G S-of Bu3h,
S 50 by E S7:tf; ; $10.
Anne Wood to Marcel B. Cerf, lot on NE
line of Second street. 55 N\V of De Boom, N\\
25 by XE 1C0; $10.
Amalia and Adolph F. Hagemann to Marie
Hagemann, lot on NW line of Natoma street,
SO5 SAY of Third. SW 30 by NW 80; $10.
Charles W. Stockett to Mabel C. Hayden
lot on NW line of Teha ma' street, 337 :tt N'E
of Fourth, XE 25 by NW 80; $10.
Regina Stern to Thomas M. OJney, lot on
SE line of Folsom street, 275 NE of Sixth. NE
25 by SE So; ?10.
Peter and Augusta Hoy to James R. Cash
man, lot on NW line of Jessie street. 500
SW of Seventh, SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
John Norton to J. H. Scammon, lot on SW
line of Seventh street, 30 NW of Bryant. NW
25 by SW S5; $10.
Selim Franklin (administrator of the estate
of Edward Franklin) to same, lot on W line
of Seventh 6treet 30 N of Bryant, N 25 by
j W 65; $5.
Anna Scammon to John EL Stock, lot on
SW line of Seventh street, 30 NW of Bryant,
i NW 25 by SW 85; $10.
James A. Clark to Frank J. Devlin, lot on
NE line of Eighth street. 200:3 NW of Bran
nan. NW 68:9 by NE 276; $10.
Julie G. Hanlon to John D. Hanlon. lot on
W line of First avenue, SCO S of Government
reserve, S to land of Flood & Mackay, W to
Tibbitts' land, N to beginning; also confirma
tion of 1811 D. 222, lot on W line of First
avenue at intersection of S boundary line of
Presidio Reservation, S 70:6, W 120 N 80, E
121, to beginning; $10.
John C. Brlckell to George G. Fraser lot
on E line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 226 S
of West Clay street, S 25 by E 120- $1.
Alfred D. and Caroline D. Holman to City
and County of San Francisco, lot on NW
corner of Thirteenth avenue and California
street. .XV 240 by N 1 600, quitclaim deed; $1,
Same to same, lot on N line of California
street. 52:6 \v of Thirteenth avenue, W 25 by
N 100; ?ICOO.
Herman and Ella L. Lowenthal to same,
lot on E line of Fourteenth avenue, 250 S
of Lake street, S 50 by E 120; $1800.
George XV. Turner to Jacob Weissbein, lot
on W line of Sixteenth avenue. 150 N of Cali
fornia street, X 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to same, lot on W lino 'of Sixteenth
avenue, 125 N of California street. N 25 by
W 120; also lot on W line of Sixteenth avenue,
200 N of California street, N 60 by W 120; $10.
Charles and Sophie Hitchcock to Minnie Mc-
Graw, re-roconl 1769 D. 365, lot on N line
of Clement street, 107:6 W of Fifth avenue, W
25 by N 100; *10.
Minnie and David F. McGraw to Frederick
H. and Marie Neirgaard, lot on N line of
Clement street. 107:6 W of Fifth avenue, W
25 by N 100; $10.
Hind Estate Company (corporation) to Mar
tin L. Smith, lot on E line of Third avenue,
150 S of Clement street. S 25 by B 120; $10.
Clara M. Frank. Mark J. FlaJshek and Mil
ton S. and Lena A. Eisner to Marie C. Ko
berg, lot on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
150 S of Clement street, S 25 by E 110; $10.
Louis Ganzert to William F. Ganzert, lot
on E line of Twenty-second avenue 225 S
of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120; 510.
Catherine F. and Thomas L. Hill to Ada
F. Brown, lot on E line of Fourth avenue,
125 N <?f A street. N 25 by B 120; $10.
Margaret Plumb to John Moosle, lot on W
line of Twenty-seventh avenu*. 183 N of C
street. N 26 by XV 120; $10.
Robert and Maud Boyd to Caroline H. Bal
lard. lot on S line of B street, 57:6 E of Tenth
avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Maurice
Willard lot on W line of Forty-fifth avenue,
250 N of Fult^v street, N 25 by W 240; $10.
Charles E. Montgomery to Mary E. Water
bury, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 225 N
of I street. X 25 by E 120; $10.
Oscar XV. Everson to Thomas J- Jeans, lot
on E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 250 S of X
street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
Paul and Alice Schelbach (Salinger) to Bur
rell G. White, block bounded by L and M
streets. Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth ave
nues; $10.
Bruno and Jenny Werner (Salinger) to same,
block bounded by L and M streets. Twenty
third and Twenty- fourth avenues; $10.
Burrell G. and Josephine A. White to Mabry
McMahan. blocks 841 and 542; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Major Conway,
lot on E line of Forty-third avenue, 100 S
of S street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Oscar W. Everson to Thomas J. Jeans, lot
on W line of Forty-sixth avenue, 175 N of
U street, N 100 by W 120; $10.
Horace S and Ruby 11. Seaton to Clarence
Colman. lot on S line of T street, 107:6 B
of Twenty-fourth avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
C. M. Chapman to Leonidas J. Scooffy. lot
on W line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 25 N of
V street. X5O by. W 120; $10. ~
Martin P. Coen to William Coen. lot on NW
boundary line of Central Park Homestead and
XE line of Fourth avenue. NE 73:4. W 170:4.
S 07:7, SE 149:11, block 57, ON. and H. Tract;
$10. ' *
Masonic Cemetery Association to Andrew
McNlcoll lot In cemetery; $111.
Same to same, same; $120. \u25a0
Harvey S. Brown and John F. Cobb to
Henry Blake, lot 114 (25 by 70). Holiday map
James Daly to William B. Sharp, lots 1536
to 15:(S, gift map 4; $150. ; "
William B. Sharp to W. W. Wilson, lots
1536 to 1535. gift map 4; $10.
Caroline Kusel to Minnie J. Bauer, Clara
H Shannon and Walter Kusel, estate of Solo
mon A. Kusel; valuable consideration.
William E. Erzgraber to William B . Wal
6ron. estate of Catherine Erzgraber, 32,048;
"Anna D. Joost to Alphonss J. Claus, lot 445.
8 Elizabeth Y. and Philio D. Code Jr. to Al
fred D. Bowen. lot 344, gift map 4; $10.
Emilia BrlEnardello to Irene Brignardello.
lot on NW corner of Henry and Hamilton
streets, W 60 by N 100, lots 22 and 23,- block
39 Railroad avenue extension: gift.
Same to Aurora Brignardello, lot on N line
of Bacon street. 30 W of Berlin. W 60 by N
100. lots 20 and 21, block 10. same; gift.
Same to Arthur Brignardello. lot on NW (
corner of Berlin and Bacon streets, N 133. XV i
120., S 33, E 90, S 100, E 130, block 19, same;'
gift.
Same to Sophie L. Brinnardello, lot on W
line of Berlin street, 133 X of Bacon, N 66 by
W 120 block 19. same: gift. .
Same to Charles F. Brijnmrdello. lot on SW
corner of Silliman and Hamilton streets, S'6o
by W 100. block .TO, same; gift.
Richard Spreckels to Anna S. Spreckels. lot
16, block 19. JVlarket-street Homestead Asso
ciation; also lot on N line of Thirtieth avenue,
105 E of Noe street, E 25 by N 225: gift.
Sophia Isaacs to Anna M. Schmidt (wife of
Fred J.) lot on NE corner of SarKent and
Ralston streets, N 100 by E 25, lot 8, block 19,
city land; $10.
Antonio Cherrute to Ocean Shore Railway
Company, lots 10, 11 and 12. block 7, West
End map 2, quitclaim deed; $1.
Domentco Flgonl -to same, lots 1 to 5, 9 to
12, block 13, and lots 6 to 10, block 14, same,
quitclaim deed: $10.
Lovell and { Laura L. White to Alexander
Mackie, block- G and block X, Silver Terrace,
excerpting lots 20 to ?.€>, blocks L and M, Sil
ver Terrace: also lot commencing at center line
of Ceres street if produced S to S line of Wil
liams avenue. W 264 by S 10, Silver Terrace;
also lot commencing- at center line of Venus
street and S line of Williams avenue, S 10, W
to S corner of lot 22. block M. N to point, E
to beginning, same; $10.
Estate of Anne M. .Kaveny (by James Keetrp,
executor) to Thomas H. Dempsey, lots 3 and 4,
block Q. lot 12, block V, Park Lane Tract
Man 3: $1200.. !
Thomas H. «nd Roena R. Dempsey to
Michael and Julia' Darmody, lot 12, block V,
Park Lane Tract No.. S; $10.
Builders' Contrnctn.
Congregation Beth Israel (owners) with M.
J. Savage (contractor), architect William Cur
lett — All work for a hrlck synagogue on lot
on S line of Geary street, 05 W of Flllmore.
S 131. XV 42:0, S 6:6. W 45. N 137: C» E
87:6. Western Addition 359; $64,500.
Thomas Fewer (owner) with L. T. Fenn
(contractor), architect \u25a0 . . All work for a
4-room . cottage and bath on lot on E line of
Eighth avenue, 150 S of Point Lobos avenue.
25 by 120; $1478.
Edmund Flaherty (owner) with Kiel /& Dye
(contractors), architect . All work for a
2-story frame building (store and flats) on lot
on SE t corner of California street and' Presidio
avenue. E .15 by S 100; $4900.
G. M. Schoeppe (owner) -with John Wester
lund and John Hedqulst (contractors), archi
tect — __. AH work for a 1-story and base
ment frame cottage on lot on S line of Six
teenth i avenue. 200! W of K 1 street, 20 by 100;
"Patrick i and Joanna Hurley " (owners) with
Pacific Building and Construction Company
(contractors), architect . AH work for a
4-room frame cottage on lot on W line of
Florida street," 240 S of Twentv-s!xth. W ICO
by S ?5 Mission Riork 202: $15C0.
Confound the Tito • Ntuiicp.
Dr. "William E. Stevens, .an. Emer
gency Hospital surgeon whose olßcps
are tit- California and Hyde streets, has
been reaping th« results ot the wild: oat
sowing' ofDr. J.I. Stephen, former chift
of^the emergency servicer; 'Many people
have confounded the name of Dr. Ste
vens with that of Dr. J. 1. Stephen.
."While there is no similarity in the
spelling* of the names, the pronunciation
is misleading. : Dr. "William E. Stevens
desires the distinction to be made, as
ho does not care to be mistaken for
Dr. J. J. Stephen
BIG PLUM TO GO
TO COAST MAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — A special to
the Press from Washington says: Pres
ident Roosevelt has decided to name a
man from the Pacific Coast for the va
cancay in the Interstate Com
merce Commission on January 1.
when former Governor Fifer ,-of
Illinois will retire. On good authority
it is, said one of two men will be ap
pointed, either William R. Wheeler or
Franklin K. Lane, recently the Demo
cratic nominee for Governor of Cali
fornia.
President Wheeler of the University
of California, it is said, was asked by
President Roosevelt to suggest some
one for the place. It is believed that
he suggested William R. Wheeler.
There is another authority, however,
close to the President for the state
ment that President Roosevelt is con
templating the appointment of Lane,
although that would create a Demo
cratic majority in the Interstate Com
merce Commission, where now there Is
one more Republican than there are
Democrats.
Friends of the administration say
that they believe the President may
seek to accentuate his desire to have
the traffic rate legislation and its en
forcement entirely removed from poll
tics by selecting Lane for Fifer's place.
POLICE HELPED
BY MAN SOUGHT
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Charles {Mahle,
charged with fifteen robberies and com
plicity in one murder, was arrested
near Hobart, Ind., last night after a
running: revolver fight, during which
he was severely wounded by deptuy
sheriffs. Mahle for the last two weeks
had been assisting the police and depu
ties in their efforts to solve the mys
tery surrounding the crimes for which
he was finally arrested.
That he could be implicated in the
crimes was not suspected until Mahle
offered to sell a watch In a saloon at
Hobart. His eagerness to sell the
watch at any price aroused the sus
picions of a deputy, who followed him
from the place. The deputy learned
later that the watch corresponded to
the description of one stolen from Wil
liam Halstead, a farmer.
When Mahle found that he was sus
pected he took flight, but was followed
by a number of farmers and deputies.
Several shots were fired on both sides
and the fugitive at last hid in a hay
stack, where he was captured.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 11.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon May. \u25a0>'
RETURNED. I
Wednesday, October 11.
Ger atmr Memphis. Yon Helms, hence Oct
11; on account of dense to:.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Oct 11— Bark
: C D Bryant, from Nlcolaefski.
Sailed Oct 11 — Bark Yosemite, for Valpa
raiso; achr Stlmscn, for San Pedro; bark Har
vester, for San Pedro.
Passed out Oct 11 — Schr Salem, from. Olym
pia, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Humboldt.
from Skagway.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Slcilia.
from Genoa: stmr Koenlgen Lutse. from
Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar.
Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr Majestic, for Liverpool;
stmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam and Boulogne;
stmr. Citta dl Naaoll. for Naples and Genoa;
stmr Oscar 11, for Christlansend and Copen
hagen.
CHRISTIANIA— SaiIed Oct 6— Stmr Heliogla.
from Copenhagen and New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Oct S— Stmr Hudson, for
New York. *
, HAMBURG— SaiIed Oct 11— Stmr Amerika,
for New York.
ALGERIA — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Calabria,
from Naples, etc, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 11— Stmr Iver
nia, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Oct 9— Stmr Kron
prlnz Wllhelm, for New York.
LONDON — Arrived Oct 11 — Stmr Cambrian,
from Boston.
GENOA— Arrived Oct 11 — Stmr Cretlc, from
New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Bo«
tonlan from Boston for Manchester.. Oct 11 —
Stmr Caronia, from New York; atmr Haver
ford,, from Philadelphia.
Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Noordland, for Phila
delphia: stmr Roman, for Portland; stmr Teu
tonic, for New York. *
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Oct 11— Stmr
Athenian, from Vancouver for Hongkong: stmr
Doric, from San Francisco via Honolulu for
Hongkong.
i HONGKONG — Arrived Drior to Oct 11 — Stmr
China, from San Francisco via Honolulu. Yo
kohama. etc. •
RAjLWATJRAI'EU
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
3j Leaves Mondays and Thursdays at Hi
l>:30 a. m. with jjiners and Sleer«r»«_gg
Other Santa Fe Trainat
7 :30 a. m. To Stockton, Merced. Fresno,
9:30 a.m. Hanford. Vlsalia and Bakers-
8 :00 p. m. field.
4 :0O p. m. For Stockton and Intermediate
. Points.
9:30 a. m. For Oakdale and Points on Sier-
ra Railway. ,
7:30 a.m. Direct Connection for Tosemlte
0 -.30 a. m. . Valley and Big Trees.
f9:3oa. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyoa
8:00 p. m. J and Chicago.
tMondays and Thursdays only.
Ticket Offices— 6s3 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
- San Francisco; also 112 Broadway,. Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South First. San Jose.
I^Hl^^! CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN'"SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:0o (ex-
cept Sunday), 7:45, 8:23, 9:10. S):5O. 11:00 a.
m.; 12:20. 1:43. 3:15, 4:35. 5:13. 5:30. 6:30^
7:15. O:U>. 10:15 and 11:33 p. m.
. For Fairfax, week days — 7:43 a. m., 3:13 p.
m. *• (Saturdays only), 5:15 p. m. dally except
Saturday and Sunday: Sundays and holidays —
7:45, a:10. 11 :CO a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays only — For Cazadero.
etc.
5:15-p. m. daily (except Saturday and Sun-
day) — For Point Reyes, etc.
, TICKET OFFICE— €SO Market at.
-.. FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
/HGFfmfWK Leave S. F. 9:50 a M 1:45 r M
f^^SN^Q Arrive S. F. 30:15 A M 2:55, 6:3J PM
SATCMiT CSIT
Lv.S.F.4:35piiAr.S.F. 11:25 pm
Xl§_B_r SUSDiTS A'JD'IEQiL 30UDAT2
Lv. S. F. 8:25,9:50.11:00 AM 1 .45pm
ly Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4.-*J3, 6^£2 fM
TICMT J 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
DJ7IC J3 ( and Sausauto Ferry. Foot Market St.
-~— .^^ Trains leare and art d™«
n^n SAN francisco.
1 fjMS&O J Fbom Octobxs 3. 103,
\&^^£o\(// Fssnr Dxror
>^£l£/ (Foot of Market Street)
ij-hv*- MAIN LINE. -Amtrrj-
"7 OOAEnnlra, Vncavlllc. Winters. Kmnsey 7.48P
fccOAKlcnmond. Benlcia. Sacramento.
Sulson and Way Stations 7.28 i»
7AOA Vallejo, Xapa. Calistoga, Santa
* Kosa. Martinez. S»n Kamon 6.03f»
7.4oa Sues, rieasnnton. Llvermore,
' Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 7.235»
8 DO A Shasta Express —( V 1 a DaT r J ).
William*. TVlllows, tFruto. Red
Bluff. Portland. Taeoma, Seattle. 7-48*
8 00aD«tIs, Woodland, KnlghtsLsndlng.
MarysTllle. Orovllle ™~ 7431»
8.20 a Martinez. AntlocU. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Newman, Los Banos.
Mendota. Annona, Hanford.. <M
Vlsalia. Porterrtlle .............. ] J'3|*
8.20aP0« Costa. Lsthrop. Merced. Mo- « *' 40P
desto, Fresno. Hanford. Vlsalia,
Bakersfleld t,""\L" ** 9m
8.40 A Ntles, San Jose, LlTermore, Stock-
ton (tMUton). . Valley Spring,
lone. Sacramento, Plscerrllle, ft
Colfax. Marysvllle. Red 81uff.... 4.G&P
B.4oa Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown,
Sonora, Tuolumne and Angels... 4.08p
9.COA Atlantic Expresa—Ogden and East. 4.23P
9.4oa ßichmond, Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Stations (tConcord).... 8.43P
1 020 a Vsllejo, Dally. Napa, Sunday only 7-48P
ID.2oaLos Anzele* Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton. Mereed.
Raymond, Fresno. Goshen Jnno>
tlon. Hsnford. Lemoore. Vlsalla, \u25a0»*__.
Bakersneld. Los Angeles 7-GB*
1 0.20 a El Paao. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cnlcago 74J8P
11.00ATlie Overland Limited— Omasa,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... §.48(»
ll.4oANiles, San Jose and Wsy Stations. 2.48 «»
f|.ooPSacramento River Steamers tIi.OOP
3.2oPPort Costa. MartlnezJJyron.Tracy, ,r^k
Modesto. Merced. Fre5n0........ 12-C67W
3-20PYosemlte and Marlpo*a Big Trees, >~~f
Monday. Wednesday and Frld»7 8.43 a
3.4oPBentcla. Winters. Sacramento.
* Woodland. Knights Landing.
M&rysvllle and Orovllle 1Q.48A
S.4opHayward. NHes. and Way Stations 7.43 i»
4.ooPValleJo, Martinez, San Ramon.
Nasa. Calistoga, Santa Rosa ..... 9.28 a
4.ooP Nlles, Tracy. Stockton. LodL 10 23a
4.40p Hay ward. Nile*, lrvlngton, Saa j t8.48A J
Jose. Llvermore I $11.43 a
S.QOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno, Tolaro,
> - Baitrsfletd. Los An?-le» 8.43 a
s.CoPCh!cago and St. Loola Special— El
Paso, Kansas City, St. Lools and
Cntcago 8.43 a
tß.2opHayward. Nllesand San Jose 7.08 a
5-20P Vallejo, Port Costa. Benlcia, Sot
sun, Sacramento....... 11.28 a
6-OOpEastera Express— Omaba, Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno, Sparks, Montello. Ogden .. 1 2.43»
6-20PBayward. Nllea and San Jose 8.43 a
7.ooPReno Passenger— Port Costa, B»-
ntcla. Sulsun, Elmlra, Dtxon.
Davis,Sacramento, Sparks, Tono-
pah, GoldHeM andKeeler 7.03 a
7.ooPVallcJo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2oPOre-jon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.43 a
S.OOpEayward. Nlles and San Jose (Sua-
day only) t1 1.43 a
COAST LINE (.tarwif «*a S e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-15 a Newark, Center villa, San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5.53*
t2.lSPNewark. Centervllle. San Joae.
New Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton.
Boolder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations t1 0.53 a
4.1 BpNewark, San Jose, Los Gatos .... <j |S a
9.4spHnnters Train— (Saturday only)
San Jose and Way Station* t7.83p
COAST LINE <«road timn*e). *
OT~(Thlrd and Townsend Streets.)
B. loa San Joae and Way Stations (Tss*
7.OOASan Jose and Way Stations 6.40P
B.ooa New Almaden (Tnes.. Frt., only).. 4-IQf»
B.OOA The Coaster— San Jose, Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita. San Luis Oblspa,
Guadatupe. Gavtota. Santa Bar-
bara, San Baenaventura, Oxnard.
Barbank, Los Angeles 1Q.38P
B.ooAGllroy, Holllater, Pajaro, Castro-
ville, Del Monte, Pacific Grove.
Surf. Lomooc 10. 30^
' 9-OOASan Jose, Tres Plnos, Watsonvllle.
Cap I tola. Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove. Salinas, San Luis Obispo
and Principal Way Stations 4.10*
10-30 a Saa Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
11. 30 a San Joae and Way Stations 7.40p
2.lspSan Jose and Way Stations. 83Sa
3-OOPDeI Monte Expres*— Santa Clara.
San Jo<c,. W:itaonvli!e, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.15*
t3>ooPLos Gatos. Wrisrht, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge...-. 10.45 a
3.3oPSouth San Francisco, San Jose.
Gtlroy. H«HH!»ter, Tre» Pino*..... 10.45*
4.3OPSsn Joxe and Way Stations t755A
+5 OOpSaata Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos. *9.00 a
J5-3QpSan Jose and Principal Way Stations 59.43 a
s.4spSunset Express— Redwood, San
Jose, Gllroy, Salinas, Paso
Robles, San Luis Obtspo, Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng,
El Paso, New Orleans 9.10 a
5.45pE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Louts,
Chicago 9.10 a
s.4spPajur<>, Wataonvllle, Capltola.
Snnta Cruz. CastrovQle. Del
Monte, Paciflc Grove 10-30P
18-1 5 P San Mateo. Beresford. Belmont;
6aa Carlos. Ri-dwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.4SA
6.3OPSan Jose and Way Stations 8.38 a
8-QOP PaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.18 a
1 1 .30PSouth San Francisco. Mtllbrae, Bur-
ltngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9-45*
11.30pSaturdays only for Mayfield. Mono- — -
tain View, Sunnyvale. Lawrence, \u25a0 'W
SnnUClaraandSanJo.se t9.45»'
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY '
(Foot of Market St.)
1 7. 15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.18 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSunday excepted. JSuaday only.
(Monday only.
{Dally, and stops at all stations on Sunday.
'CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibtiron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FRAXCTSCO TO SAX RAFAEL,
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 8:00 a. m.; 12:33. 8:30 l
5:10, 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9.50 a. m.: 12:83. B:3a 5:10k
0:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 9:O6. T:33. 7:CO, »:20 a. m.:
12:30,.5:4.\ 5:0 O. 5:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:O6. 8:00. 8:16. 9:40 _. ra.; 5:40w
4:30. S:0O. S:2O, 6:8O p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrtvs
San Fran. | Oct. 8, 1905. | San FVaa.
Week I Sun- I Destiaa.- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Uon. | days. | Days.
7:30 « 8:00 a 8:10 al 3:40 a
9:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 9
5:10 p 5:10 p T:3op
9:0O a! 9:30 at \u25a0 S Nap* t 8:10 al 3:43 9
s:lop[s:lop| |6:2OpJ8:2O»
7:30 a \ 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novito, 10:40 a 10:25*
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 9
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. __!il
-7:30 a| ' '. loTioTIoTS?
{ 8:00 a Fulton 7:30 p 6:20 9
3:30 p[ 3:30 p
"Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a Hleadsburg 10:40 a 10:23 a
Lytton
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlla 7:SOp 6:20 p
I • Cloverdale
7:30 a! 8:0O at Hcpland 110:40 all 0:25 a
3:30 p| 8:30 p| and Vklah \u25a0 | 7:30p! 6:20 9
j I Wltllts and j j
T:3oal 8:0O a| Sherwood I 7:30 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a) 110:40 a|10:25 .
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevflle I 7:30 pi 6:20 9
7:30 a! 8:0O al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 pi 5:10 p| Glen Ellen | 6:0 Op) 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:0Oal 10:40 a 10:23 »
3:30 p| 3:30 pf Sebastopol 7:30 p 6:20 p
5:10 pi s:lo pi
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Queatln; at Santa. Rosa, for White Sulphur
Springs -nd Mark West Springs; at . Lytton
for Lytton Spring*: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
vine and Greenwood: at Ropland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartiett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at Ukiah
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue
Lakes Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Cp-
per Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Lierly's. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs, Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno
City Fort Brags. Westport and Usal: mX WII-
1 its for Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for
Fort Brags Cahto. Covelo. Laytonrllle. Cum-
tclngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard, Fruit-
land. Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
r6 On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. '6so Market St., Chronicle bullet.
tD JAS. AGLER. R; X RYAN. \u25a0
.. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ant.
Weßfly Gal 11.00 mr YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks from i to 2 points lower. Cotton higher.
Slock and Bond Excluznge annual report mukes a good showing.
Silver yy A c higher. Nothing new in Exchange.
IVfoat Futures higher. Barley Futures unsettled.
Less Coal coining in from Australia of late. r _
Hay trade still hampered by car shortage. Feedstuff s firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm and cleaning up.
Provision and Meat markets as before.
Hops and Wool steady, with no new features.
Poultry market well cleaned up and steady.
Fine Potatoes in light supply, but lozver grades plentiful.
Fresh Fruits selling well, owing to the warm zveatiier.
Bcmis fluctuating, tvtth large receipts of the nezv crop.
The VaaderlJp Speech.
>. New York wire to E . F. Hutton & Co.
X* ft * >r( lay paid:
• '"In the afternoon the Vanderlip sr>etch at
"Washington in which he made the statement
that should a stock market speculation start
from the present level of prices In the face
of the extra demand on money which the crop
aad business alike are making, the result
might easily be temporary disaster." was con
sidered raiher bearish and a warning from
important financial interests against any bull
teh activity in the stock market until the
mtnetary situation had improved. It caused
«. general selling movement and a decline
one to three DOlr.te in prices, with the
largest losses on the higher priced stocks. The
fundamental conditions are all favorable, and
\u25a0with the elnsla exception of the money mar
ket the outlook encourages expectations ef a
resumption of the bull movement within a rea
•onabie tiiae. The fi>eech was taken to In
dicate the attitude of the Standard Oil City
Back Party toward the market. Thi* brought
about heavy and ureent selling of ptock* and
* very «harp break followed. Most of the sell
ing was undoubtedly llqulda-tlon. Lower pri«s
seem likely.
Money and Stocks.
The circular of J. S. Bache & Co. says,
u:«der date of New York. October 6:
"The feature of the trading during the past
week has been the steadiness of security prices
in the face of high rates for call money and
the great resistance to attempts to depress
prices. Money advanced to as high as S per
cent, and 7 per cent was the prevailing rate.
Notwithstanding this unfavorable influence,
coupled with renewed discussion of govern
mental control of railroad rate*, prices did
r<n break. They eased off slowly and stub
bciroly and short commitments resulted only
In loss of stock. Stocks did not come out on
t- 'esslons, nor so far as we can learn are
t! ere any stop orders oZ -importance near the
present level of prifpy. Copper chares were
more genuinely active and showed bettei
s-trength than at any time since the big ad
vance four years ago. It seemed as though
trs increase in the Anaconda dividend sup
«Jk -i the needed 6timu;us to a bull market in
- "The only change worth mentioning in the
business eituation is iYe strength and activity
of the Iron and steil situation. The fall
buying movement has begun much earlier than
\u25a0usual, and is 'in surprising volume. Stee!
li'lets continue in heavy demand and it is
rrobable the prices of both billets and Besse
mer iron will be advanced shortly.
"The increased money rates will undoubtedly
tali for further gold imports, but in view of
i!ie Panama canal expenses, the ~ activity in
f<=ntra! business and the magnitude of the
<-rr r-s It seems improbable that money rates
v.li! permanently fall much btlow 5 per cent
for the balance of the year. We feel that the
market will net again become active until
money falls to at leant 5 P«"r cent, but prices
have not yet discounted the improvement in
tho business and industrial situation and con
sequently we look for a higher level of prices
in time."
EASTER-V MARKETS.
TVew Vorlt Money- Market.
NT* x<_»rfiT,"~""J<et. Tl.—^CTose: "Money en
can, firm, s'-4^6 per cent: closing bid 5-*4_ rf
fered at 5^ per cent. Time lcar.s. easy for
Fhort, firm for long; 60 to 90 days 5 per
c nt; six months, 4\S5 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, <*j(f23 per cent.
Stirling Exchar.ge, firm, with actual busi
r.-ss bankers' bills at ?4.5r«fHg4.5565 for de
r^and and at % 4.fc22^fi4.5225 fcr sixty day bills;
lasted rates, $4 82^04 83 and ?4 S6@4 &6^i;
commercial bills, fi fcl%^4 61%.
Bar silver. 61 %c.
Mexican dollars, 47c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
easy.
\>v» York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — One'of the seemingly
abrupt rerf^rsais of sentiment which puzzle
the observer of Wall street^occurred in the
s"^ck market to-day. From, an appearance
"V!J strength and confident buying the market
,?_ -tray turned weak and a flood cf offerings
'•s.iie upon it from all directions. ca4»l n JT
\u25a0 prices rapidly downward. The abruptness of
t!ie transition from extreme confidence to some
thing like fright was more apparent than
r-ral. owing to the fact of the artificial char
t -ter which has been taken on by epeculation
cf late due to the large predominance of pro
tf«siona.l operations. The necessities in the
money market bave restricted the active specu
lation, and. with a period of dullness to be
faced, large interests in stocks determined to
l.o!d prices and await the return of ease in
mopey for a renewal of the campaign to lift
prices to a higher level. Speculative markets,
however, will rot remain stationary and if
an advancing tendency halts there la almost
inevitably a disposition to react. Speculators
who are hoiding stocks on margin get im
j atier.t at the non-appearance of profits and
*. re Inclined to pell out even if no pressure is
}'lae*-d upon them in the way of restriction of
credits and of decline In prices which threaten
losses. Credits In use for stock market com
rn'.tmtnts hav e rot been free from pressure
end occasional declines of late have threatened
losses as wel!. The result has been the growth
of doubtful sentiment in the speculation which
\u25a0 rr.sde .the market vulnerable to any sudden
ir.fluence. Th<; influence which was accorded
:srgest importance during the day's sudden
Belliac was th* address before the bankers'
ccivention in Washington by an official of a
N*w York bank. rno«t closely affiliated with
one of the groups of capitalist*. Room-trader*
\u25a0 professed great alarm when it was reported
. that this official asserted, in connection with
the country's prospects, that a "tree never
Quite grows m heaven." and that he ex
rre*MHJ the opinion that a stock market specu
lation starting from the present high level
cf prioee in the face of the extraordinary de
tr.er.d for capital and money might easily re
sult in temporary <j:Kai?ter. The Great North
era "melon cutting" had a sympathetic effect
' en & number of high-priced railroad stocks.
fXrs.nn Pacific had the benefit of its holdings
yl^ 'ireat .Northern. sJthough the latter stock
wei under pressure throughout, said to be
on liquidation of Cnion Pacific holdings. Pub
lished reports of new interest* In Wisconsin
Central were made the basis of rumors of
an Trie extension in that property. But these
and other factors of strength were totally un
availing to hold the market in the face of
the afternoon liquidation. The last prices wer*
about the lowest and the closing was weak.
Bonds wpre eaey. Total sales, par value,
$7..>,5,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
call
XVeir York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the Kew York
. Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations cf that Exchange: -
Sales.] ETCCKS. |High! Low.l Bid. Aek.
'Adams Express.).....! 240 250
Aliis Chalmers.. l 17% IT% 17Vi 17* i
So,2OoiAmal Copper ...J 65"4 83^ S3Vi 83%
lAin Beet Sugar.} ! 26 2CVi
• I Do pfd j S(J *7
3,090|Am Can Co .... 11 H 10% 10% 11
M.OOO' DO Pfd ....... 72*41.71 I 70Vi 71%
4 70tKAm Car & Ffiry SS'i 37*4 37 Vi 37J-J
400 l Do pfd 100V4 83*4*00 lix)V4
JOO'Am Cotton 0i1.. 1 31 31%
000! Do F?d 100^4 80% 100 100U
Urn Dist 0e!.... 33 3.1
|Am Express .... ! * 240 245
Bfto'Am Grafs Twine 7% 6% 6% 7%
iOOJAm Hid* & L.. C-s 6% C% 7
1400 Wo prd j34 33 33»*( 33%
..-.'.-.JAW Unwfii f ' ; 17-iJ 18*4
DO pM 1 40 42
< .1, 300 Am Locosr.otive.l «OV4 CB% 59% I 59*4
l.COo' Do pfd ....... 114 llS'^m Jll4
j Am Melt 5 6
Do pfd 1 25 |25%
31.800' Am Smelt & nefjl2o%;i27^ 127%!127%
100 Do pfd "2m;121 121 J121>4
5,000 Am Sugar 141% 139>4 139%11»9*4
Do pfd "0 142
10,100 Am Steel FdriemJ 13 11% 11*4 11%
iOiOo! Dopffl 145*4 43 43*41 44
700!Ara Tob pfd.... 102% 101% 101*41101%
vS. 100 ! Am Woolen 38*AlS7- 37 ! 37%
*- 30M Do pfd ....... 1C2«4i101% 101-4iHi2S
r f,c,o! Anaconda 117%t11C% IJ«*4 1"%
lAr.n Arbor I J ?-2 37
Do pfd { "5 80
I.2Oo'AUanUc CJvlnc. IC4 IC2 161 IC2
R,700!a T & Santa Fe 89% 88 88 BS*A
I Do pfd 1104 104U
tSOo'Ealt & 0hi0.... 113% 112*4J112H 112% •
i Do pfd | 1 1 96% i 97
(Bay State Qas..i | I 3-10] . %
1S,1OO;B R T | 72ft I 70'? i 70% i 70%
ißrunswick X)&l.\ j ] 14%! 15%
|Butterick Co ...( | | 55 j ttO
.Canada Southern! | 1 tW%| 70
I 24,6Ou ; Canadian Pacific; 173^,170 17Ohiil7v%
3.100.C & O ! 6745 i SGUI 5*3% 56%
'C & A j 3t> 38
| Do pfd ! ! [78% 60
KJ & E I pfd | |130 |139
| |C I & L pfd I N> jIOO
I 19.300JC & G W 22U 21 ] 21% j 21%
I Do pfd A i I 7114 75%
1.4O0; Do prd B I 30% [ 35% i 85% 3811
I Do Debs | 1 188 88%
I 2,300, C &N W ;219 .216 |215% 216
28,300iC M&St P ....|ISI% 179 |179 179>i
i Do pfd | I iIWJ 188
15,7C0 ( C RI & P (new) 34 133 33 33%
800 Do pffl 60& 734 79 79' i
Do 4s 83% 83%
Chicago Ter 15 18' i
Do pfd ! 37 ' 37%
500. Chicago Un Tracj 12% 12 12 r12%
800; Do pfd 43 43 42 >43
200; C C C & St L.. 89% 95% '95% 9a
\ Do pfd 117 121
Cleve Lor & W 82 90
I Do pfd 105
7,600 Colo Fuel & Iron 47% 45% 45% 45%
Do pfd 89 96
iColum H C & 1 15% 16
eOOjColcrado So 28% 28% 2fe& 28%
j i Do Ist pfd til% 62U
700-: Do 2d pfd .... 43% 43% 43 43%
l.SOOlConecl Gas ..... 18S% 186% 180 180%
2.300,C0rn Products .. 13Vi 12%! 12% 13
2.100J Do pfd 53% 53' 53V< 54
.>.500 Del & Hudson . 222% 218 21S 220%
J.IOOD L& W 4SS 4SO 4SO 485
1.500: D &R G 34 33% 33% 33%
ICO; Do pfd 8S 88 87% SS
De» M & Ft D 15 20
{Detroit Un Ry 93 935;
'Detroit So u\i 12
I Do pfd 41 43
iDiamond Match HO 140 x 4
2,3oo,Distil Secur 43% 42%| 42% 43
9«.K>;Duluth SS & A.. 16 15% I 15V- 16
i( W| Bo pfd ..;... 34% 34.% 34 " 34 ;i
44,000Er1e 50 4S-\ 48% 48%
1,700| Do pfd 81% 81' 80% 81
700) Do 2d pfd 73 1 72% 72 V* 72U
E & T H pfd !..... 85 05
Federal Steel ... 119 H 119 liy 120
! Do pfd , 97»s 96% 06% 96%
|Gen Chem pfd •. 1(»4 107%
KK'.Gcn Electric .... \St)K 180% 170% 181%
2,4oojGreat No pfd ..!325 1319% 318% 320 '
s.ooojGreene Cons Cop 26% 2G% 20% 26%
Havana TobSCo .] 29 30
'"Do pfd S8 42
Hooking Valley 88 92
I Do pfd 911,4 92%
2,7oo:lllinois Central .. ISIV4 179 - 179% 179%
jlnterboro |. . . . . 212H 213
'Inter Marine 13% 13%
Do pfd 34 34%
800, Inter Paper .... 22% 22 21% 22
GOO; Do pfd 80% SC% So' 80%
t^ter Power .' 55 <J3'
jlnt*r Pump 2UV> 28
J Di) Df d I 82 V. 85
I,ooo'lowa Central ... 25% 28% 28." .29
600 Do pfd" " 57% 57 T><i 57
IXKVKane city So ... 25! i '2i%\ 25 25%
1,500 D-3 pfd 54% 52%j 52«g 62%
Keokuk &D M j 14' 17
....... Laclede G^ pfd ....". .....'f"Bs' 110"
...ILake Erie & W 133 38
(L E& W pfd I [94 ft 7
l.SOOiLehigh Valley .. 74% 73%! T.i% 73%
j |Long Island j ] C 5 6S
19,700; L & N 153% ! 150% 1 151 151%
jMackay \u0084...] 46ft 4(5%
• I Do pfd ...... ".... 74 j 74%
.. .. 1C7% 165% 1631,4 I<ls'/,
2.400, Met Securities . Sl%| 80% 80 1-', 80%
l.lOO.Mftt St Ry ....(127% 125% 125% 125%
S,3oo,MexicJui Cent ..125% 24% 21% 21%
l.OOOiMlnn &StL . . 75% 73 72% 75
! Do Ist pfd .. ICO' 105
1.300: M St P& S S M 140 137 137% 138%
I Do pfd K2>% 164'
l.eOOjMo Kan-& Tex.. 33 32% 32V* :<2«4
I Do pfd 67% 67% 67' 68 '
e,2Oo:Mi«?ouri Pac ... 104% 103 10314 103%
(Nash C'h &St L 148 160
3,6oojNat Lead 47% 45% 45% 4(5
IN RR of Mcx pfd 36 37%
I Do pfd 103 104
TOO Nat Biscuit 55% 65 54V- 55%
Do pfd j |113 " lit
1.200 Nw Jersey Cent 217ii'215V> 214 217%
200I1C V Air Brake 152V*;131"v£ 150 153'
8,700;N V Central . . 150% 118' A 148U;i45%
NYC& St L 53 53%
Do Ist pfd 112 120
Do 21 pfd 83 8t»
;N V Dock 25 23
400, NY N H & II 207% 207 206 207
L.900N V Ont & W .. 51% 53% 53% 53%
3.S*uoi Norfolk & West 86% 85% 480%
! Do pfd 90./92
490! North Amer . . . I>B 97 97 | <)g
20o:Northern Sec ..|lBs ISS 185 ISS
I.sOoiNorth Pac 210 206 206 207
Omaha [185 Jl9O
Do pfd ,190 1200
O S L 4s 96% 07
700 Pac Coast 107% 106 1106 ilO7
Do Ist pfd .|IO4 Jill
Do 2d pfd 1107 1110
1,200 Pacific Mail 40 45 |45 45%
24,300!Penn R R Co . . 144%i142% 143 |143%
I.looiPeople'6 Gas iOSJi 103 102% 103
JPCC& StLpfd 79 S2
I Do pfd ;; 106 112
2.700,Pres Steel Car ,:\ 46% 45% 45% 40
I.2(X>i Do pfd ...... !)7M, O<S% !•«% UJ
l,300;Pullm Car Co ..252% 1251 210 251
2,2OC|Ry St Spr Co. .. 45 43% 43% 44
Do pfd ...'«. 1 102 105
113.200 Reading ... 123%j120% 121% 121 Vi
2.000 Do Ist pfd 95 93 92 94
400 Do 2d pfd 99% 99 97 99
4,700 Repub S &I 25%| 24% 24% 24%
1,800 Do pfJ 95 03% 93% 94
lOOlßubber Goods . . S7 37 30% I 37%
Do pfd 103% 106
|S1 Sh S&I Co 69 70%
i Do pfd HO 112
|StL& SF Ist pfd ..... . 77 77%
1,200 Do 2d pfd ... 69% 6S 68% 60
OOO'St L& S W ... 24% 24 23% 24
SOOj Do pfd .. 61% 61 - «O% 61 i
31,70fiiSouthern Pac .. 70V* CS% 68% 68%
Do pfd 119V4 119%
9.COo'Southern Ry ... 36% 35% 35%
200; Do pfd '. 89% J9% 93% 100
Standard Oil 666 672
1,200' Standard R& T. 1% 1% IV* 1%
2,6oo|Tenn Coal &I. 87 85% 85% 86
OOOiTexag Pacific .. 35 34% 34% 34%
Third Avenue 12fi% 128
Toledo R&T Co 35 - 3G\4
Toledo St L & W .:.. 3C% 37V*
Do pfd •. 50% 57
SOO'Twln City R T.j117%|115% 110 11«%
6,oOoiUnlon Bag & P 15% 14% 14V4 11%
50W Do pfd 82% 81V* 81 82
83,200 Union Pacific .. 133% 131 Vi 131% 131%
100) Do pfd 96% 96% 96 06%
Do cony 4s 134 135
[United Copper . . .' ....-33 3i
400 United R of S F 76V* 76 76 77
500 Do pfd 91% 91 01 91H
Do 4s ;. 80W 89%
6,700 U S Caet Iron P 39% 37% 37% 38
200 Do pfd 96% 90- 04% 06 '
U S Express US 120
U 8 Leather V. ..... 12% 13 \u25a0
Do prd 1... ill 112%
U S R & R Co 28% 30
Do pfn .....; 65% 66
BWU S Rubber ... 53% 51% 51% 52
200 Do pfd 11l llflU 110 110« i
63.S00i'J S Steel Cor .. 35% 87U 374 37%
13,900 Do pfd 105 103% 103*4 KH
300|Va-Car Chem Co 32% 32 31% 31%
Do pfd 106% 1(X!%
1900 Wabash 22^ 211* 21% 21%
1,400 Do pfd ...... 42% 41% '41% 41%
Do deb Bs 72i* 73
Wells Farro Ex. ;.230 #15
200 Western Union.. 03% 93 % 03% f)3%
.'. Wcstinghouse .. ..... ..... 107% 169
Do let pf a IS7VC 200
; W&LE 17% 18
Do Ist pfd .......... 40. 42 :
Do 2d pfd 25 26
8 40O|WIscon«in Cen.. 31%. 29% 30 30«
B.lOOj Do pfd 63 59% CO CO%
SC2.loo— Total r hares sold.
IVew .York Bond*.
U S ref 2s re?.. 103% 1 Japan Cs. 2d ser.'BB
Do c0up0n..... 103% 1 Japan 4%e, ccrt.;t»O%
Do 3s reg 103%; Japan 4%5, 2d ser.oo%
Do coupon.*....lo4"ilL & N unified 4».105%
Do new 4s reg.1.14"4 Man con gold. 45.10i',4
Do c0up0n..... 134 ><i Mcx Central 45... 87%
Do old 4s reg..lC4*4 Do Ist inc.... 25 Vi
Do coupon 104% Minn & St L 4s. 97
Amer Tob 45.... 77 M. X & Texas- 4s. 102
Do 6a 113%: Do 2ds 87*4
Atch gen 4«... ..102% NR of Mcx con 4s 83%
Do adj 4a..... 89 |N V C gen 3%a.. W%
/THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL,' THURSDAY, OCTOBER- 12, "1905;
"Atlantic C L 45.101"i N J C gen 55.... 131%
Bait & Ohio 4s. 103 Nor Pacific 45. . . .ICS
Do 3%s 8C Do Ss .... 77%
Central of Ga Be.llo Nor & W con 45.101%
Do Ist mc 9tf%!O S L refdff 45... 97 .
Do 2d 1nc.:... S2 |Pa cony 3%5....1C5
Ches& Ohio 4%b.loS%| Reading gen 45...102"i
Chl& Alton 3V4s. 82 |S L & I M con Cs.lloU
C. B & Q new 45.101%'S L & S F fg 4s. 89%
C.R I & Pac 4s. S3K|St L S W con 4s. 83%
Do col 5a 93^,Seaboard A L 4s. 89%
C.CC & SLgn 45.105% So Pacific 4s C5V*
Chi Term 4s 85 Do Ist 4s, cert. 97%
Colo Midland 45.' 75 So Railway ss. ...121 ;
Colo & So 45... 93% Tex & Pac 15t5.125%
Colo Ind ss, «• A 72% Tol.St L & W 4s. 84%
Do sb, ser 8.. 72 Union' Pacific 45. 105%
Cuba ss, cert... 105% ' Do cony 4s 135%
Den & Rio G 48.101 \u25a0 . U S Steel 2d ss. 68%
Dist Securities 5s 80 "Vl'abash lsts ... .. .118%
Erie prior lien 4s. IC2 | Do deb B 72
Do gen 45.... 1)4 Western . Md 45. . 87 >,i
F W & D C lsts.ll3'4 W & L Erie 45.. 90%
Hock Val 4%»...112% Wis Central 45.. 05%
Japan 6s, cert... 09^i
New York .Ilialns Stocks.
Adams Con 25] Little Chief ..... 06
Alice 52 Ontario CO
1 Breece "... 45 Ophir 525
Bruns Con o5 Phoenix 02
Com Tunnel 07% Po.osi .. 11
Con Va Mm Co. 1 25i Savage 25
Horn Silver 1 70 Sierra Nevada 25
Iron Silver 3 00 Small Hopes 30
Leadvllle Con ... .06 Standard .1 75
Itotttou Stockx and Bonds.
Money— 1 v S teel 37%
Call loans 55?8; Do p x<i .103%,
Time loans s@6i Westing: Common. 8-1
Bonds— | Mining—
Atchison 4e 102% | Adventure S*-'»
Do adj 4s. 95 AUouez . ; . 40%
! Mcx Central 4s. "80 Amal Copper 8-i%
Railroads— Amer Zinc 9%
i Atchison SS*i! Atlantic" 26%
j Dp pfd 101 Bingham 30
I Boston & Albany.2s7 Calumet & Hecla.66s
! Boston & Maine. 175% 1 Centennial 27%
I Boston Kiev 153 ; Copper Range ... 70%
I Fitohburg pfd... 142 1 Daly Weet /14V4
| Mcx Central 24%] Franklin 17%
N V, N' H & H.2()7 iGranby 7%
Pere Marquette. .101 jlsle Royale 2;5%
Union Pacific . ..131%; Mass Mining ... »%
Miscellaneous — (Michigan '. . . . 14
Amcr Arge Chem 22 %i Mohawk 57%
Do pfd 93 JMont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Pneu Tube 6 (Old Dominion ... 27%
I Amer Sugar 139 lOsceola 100%
j Do pfd 139 IParrot 20
j Amer Tel & Te1.136'4 Quincy —
Amer "Woolen ... 37 Shannon ..: —
Do pfd 102HlTamarack 123
Dora Iron & 8.. 22% Trinity 8%
Ed Elect Ilium. 24S ;Unit«d Copper ... 33
G«n Electric ISO |U S Mining 36%
Mass Electric ... 14 |U s Oil 10
X>o pfd s«%|Utah 46%
Mass Gas 50V4|Viqtori a 7
United Fruit ...107 lAVinona 10U
Un Shoe Mach... 7S%[ Wolverine 119
Do pfd 31% |
London Closing; Stock*.
Con money. . .SS 11-16;n V Central 156
Do acct 88%| Nor & Western.. 88%
Anaconda 6% I Do pfd 05
Atchison 92%'Ont & Western.. SST&!
Do pfd 10S (Pennsylvania '74%
Bait & Ohio 110%| Rand Mints 6V t
Can Pacific 17^, Reading 62%
Ches & Ohio £59 ) Do Ist pfd 49
Chi Great West. 22 Do 2d pfd 50%
Chi.^Mll & St P.lB«i%]So Railway 37%
De Boers 17% Do pfd '..102%
Den & Rio G... 35V4 So Pacific ...... .. 72%
i D<o pfd 91 Union Pacific ...137%
Erie 51% Do pfd \u0084 03
Do Ist pfd 81% U S Steel 39%
Do 2d pfd 74% Do pfd 108%
HI Central IS6 Wabash 22 Vi
Louis & Nash... 158% Do pfd 43%
M, X & Texas... 34 Spanish 4s »;;<&
Bar silver — Steady; 28 7-16 d per ounce". .
Money— 2%(g3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills is 3% per cent and for three
months' bills 3% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $132,714,610; gold coin and
bullion, $70,445,594; gold certificates, $4U,
509,050.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— COTTON— The mar
ket made a further recovery from the loss of
the last five days, the maximum gain being
10 to 10 points over last night's close. The
chief influence was a" frost scare, with tem
peratures In Oklahoma and Indian Territory
reported nt 32.- • a good many were inclin-ed
to regard the matter of frost at this early date
as largely sentimental, with small probability
of actual damage. For this reason the mar
ket was freely sold on all rallies. The short
interest is much larger than it has been in
months.
Futures opened firm. October, 9.tk>c; Novem
ber. 9.75 c; December, 0.95 c; January. 10.03 c;
j March, 10.15 c; April, 10.22 c; May, 10 28c
Futures closed barely steady. October. 9.660;
November, 0.75 c: Decemt>er, 9.91 - January'
10c; February, 10.07 c; March. 10.14 c; April'
10.18 c; May. 10.22 c. '
Spot closed a point -higher. Middling Up
lands, 10.25 c; Middling Gulf, 10.60 c. \u25a0 Sales
153 bales.
R>w York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. XI.— FLOUR— Receipts
54.000 barrels; exports, S2OO barrels. Firm
and nominally higher. .
WHEAT— Receipts. 91.900 bushels; exports
31,900 bushels. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red 00-^ic
elevator; No. 2 red, 91% c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 93ftc f. o. b. afloat- No 1
Northern Manitoba, 93% c f. o. b. afloat Wheat
was under bull control all day and advanced
more than a cent per bushel. Shorts bought
freely smaller receipts, strong Liverpool cables
liberal clearances, outside support and export
talk, the close being 1%®1%0 net higher. May
closed 91i£c, December 91 %c.
HOPS— Firm.
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL — Steady i
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— A private cable said that one
half of the Santoa crop Is In and that very
much rain is needed to make the crop.
-Futures closed dull, net unchanged 'to 5
points higher. Sales. 85CO,bags. including-
December, 7.15 c: March, 7.40 c; May, 7 55c-
September. 7.75@7.50c. Spot— Rio steady
mild, quiet.
BUTTER — Unchanged, j • •
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EGGS? — Unchanged.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining," 3e; cen
trifugal 'M test. 3%c; molasses sugar. 29ic
Refined, quiet. '
DRIED. FRUITS. -
EVAPORATED APPLES — Are unchanged
Common to good are quoted at s@7c and prime
7%c.
PRUNES— Are quiet, but steady on epot
with quotations ranging from 4i/.@7Vic ac
cording to grade.
APRICOTS— Are without fresh feature, with
demand comparatively light, but the market
firm on small offerings. Choice, Si/iifJOe; extra
choice, 9V.tf*9%c, and fancy. 11@11U C .
PEACHES— Remain nominal. . ;
RAIPINS — Show a little' firmer tone on re
ports that en the outalde the coast combina
tion has rai»«d its quotations a quarter. Loose
Muvcatel. 3%<7?7%c; needed raisins, 5V»@S 7 &c
and London layers. $1 lf-ffrl 20. >
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — The London tin mar
ket had a further advance following the re
cent decline, with spot closing at £147 2s (id
and futures at £140 f>s. Locally the market
continued quiet, but prices were, held higher
at f325'32 35 for spot. * t ;
i Copper was unchanged In London and lo-
c ally the market was unchanged in a general
| way, but seemed hardly so firm in tone. Lake
: 19 quoted at $16 37%@11i 75; electrolytic at
' $1C 37%®16 C 2%, and casting at SIC 12V>«1
1C37&. i \u25a0
Lead was unchanged at £14 12s Cd In Lon
don. Locally tho market was firm at */Ss<2>
4 85. • /
Speljer was firm at. £2B for spot In Lrnidon/
Locally It was unchanged at $o@6 10. / >^
Iron closed at 51s for Standard foundry' / Rnd
52 S M for Cleveland warrants in thetforeign
markets. Locally, the situation Is reported
firm on a pood demand. No. \1 foundry North
ern, ?17 75®'1 8 25; No. 2 do, $17 23f£17 75; No.
1 foundry Southern. $16 75@17 75, . and No. 2
do, ijiii ougu
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— Special telegraphic
communications received , by Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies as
compared. with- the last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
Jlockieß, Increased 6,549.000 bushels; afloat and
in Europe, ihcreawd \u25a0 2. 700.0C0 bushels. Total
supply Increased, 9,240,000 bushels. ;
Corn — United States: and Canada, east of
the' Rockies, decreased 1,004.000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 2.553.000 bushels. :>.'\u25a0 -
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future - Grain n'nd ; Provisions.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— The. wheat market was
strong from tha start, '• opening quotations . on
December being up %@%c at BC#SU*4c The
market was influenced largely by an advance
In the price ot wheat at Liverpool. Higher
priced Russian and Danublan; offerings and
extraordinary- demand from : Italy, , Germany
and Spain for wheat were some of the reasons
given for the strength in the English market.
An official report from iiombay stated that
rain was greatly needed { in several provinces
of India. In ...addition .to I the; bullish' foreign
news domeatii** conditions favored \u0084.t he - bulls.'
Receipt^ in the • Northwest:. were considerably
smaller than • for the corresponding day last
week and a year, ago,: und \u25a0, cash wheat -at
Minneapolis was quoted at two. cents over
the* December delivery. Commission houses
and shorts were active buyers throughout I the
entire session and the market j at no time
showed signs of weakening. There was con
siderable celling by pit traders on . the - large
increase in "the world's visible supply, but it
had. little apparent effect on values* -.For De
cember the highest point of the ' day was
reached at 86 !4c. The market closed strong,
with prices almost at the highest point of the
day, December %c> higher at Bti%c. ...,*;
•An excellent export and chipping -demand
for corn caused decided strength in that mar
ket. December closed %c.' higher at 45c.
The oats market was active and * strong.
December closed %o higher at 28~£c.
' Provisions were strong on active demand
from ' packers who bought nearby - deliveries
against cash sales. January pone cloi*d up
30c, lard was up sc, and ribs were also 5c
higher. \u25a0• ' ' - • . '\u25a0- .
me leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ,-\u25a0' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December .. S6M. - B<Ha 53 % 80%
May ........' 87*4 v S7& 87 87,%
Corn No. 2 — . •
October ... 51% 52% 51% 62**
Dec.' (old) 45^2 4tt 40% 4U
Dec. (new)..... 44ft 45% 44% 45
,May \u25a0:.. 43% - 44% .;.. 43% 44V4
V Oats No. 2—2 — v ~ .
October .:..•\u25a0\u25a0 .... 28%
December 25% 28% . 25% 2b%
May.... 80% 31 30ft 31
Mess pork, per bbl — •
October 15 30 15 CO 15 30 15 60
January 12 42% 12 47% 12 42% 12 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs— \u25a0 „ - /
October ........ 715 720 715 - 715 .
November . 7 17% 7 25 . 7 17% 7 22%
Januarys « 62% 6 57% e52%,6 87%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — •
October 8 55 8 80 8 55 8 80
January 6 45 C 52% C 45 C 50
. . . . Cash Grain and I'rovtiiiona.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11-^Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring- wheat,
S4%@SBc; No. 3, 82©S5%c; No. 2 red, 84^i@
SOc; No. 2 corn, 53Vi&54c; No. 2 yellow, 55%<S>
56c; No. 2 oats, 2S-^o; No. 2 white, 29%@30c;
No. 3 white, 2S@2U%c; No. 2 rye, «U%®7Qc;
fair to choice malting barley, 42fel5c; No. 1
flaxseed, 05c; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 01; prime
timothy wed, $3 70; mess pork.per bbl,. $15 50
©15 <J0; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 22%; short ribs
sides (loose), $8 70@S 80; short clear sides
(boxed). ?7 S7V>teS; whisky, basis of high
wines, ?1 o0; clover, contract grade, $12 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour barrels 7(5,000 45,300*
Wheat, bushels 125.0U0 18,700
Corn, bushels 320.400 397,600
Oats, bushels 834,100 " 247,200
Rye, bushels 23.000 12,900
Barley, bushels 271,800- 6,600
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Oct. llr— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries, 17%@20%c; dairy, 16@lC%c. Eggs
steady at mark, case 9 included, 17% c; firsts,
18% c. Cheese firm, ll@ll%c. :
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chicnso.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000; steady; beeves $3 6O@<3 35; cows and heif
ers, $1 4O'g4 60; stockers and feeders, $2 10®
4 '15; Texans, $3 35@4 40; Westerns. $3 25®
4 80.
HOGS — Receipts. 25,000: gteady to 5c lower;
mixed and butchers, $5£5 60; good heavy,
$5 30425 CO; rough heavy $4 00®5 10; . light,
$s<gs 50; pigs, $4 70@5 25; bulk of sales. $5 10
@5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 35,000; strong; sheep,
$3 90®5 10; lambs. $4 7507 60.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 20,000; steady; native steers, $4@6;
native cows and heifers, $1 75@4 50: stockers
and feeders, $2 50@4 15; bulls, $2f?3; calves,
$2 50®6 25; Western steer's, $2 75@4 50; West
ern cows, $2@3 25. *"
HOGS — Receipts 9000; weak to shadelower;
bulk of sales $5@5.10; heavy, $5 05@5 15;
packers, $5»f?5 15; piss and light. $4 75@5 15.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000; strong; muttons,
S4 25@5 25; lambs, $5 50#7 25; range wethers,
?-t 50£5 25; fed ewes, ?4@4^5. • - -
\u25a0 Omaha,*. :\: \
OMAHA, Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6500;
steady to strong; native steers, $3 7555 75;
cows and heifers, $2 $(Xgi 20: Western steers,
$3i3.4 85; Texas steers, $2 75'§4; cows and heif
ers" ?2@3 DO; canners, $1 50f12 25; stockers and
feeders. $2 50#4 15;. calves. $3@5 25; bulls and
stags. $203 55.
HOGS— Receipts 4900; steady; heavy. $4 90
<@l< 10;" mixed. $5@5 10: light. ?5 10@5 20; pigs,
$4 50@5 10; bulk of sales, ?4 00@5 10.
SHEEP — Receipts. 8500: market s@loc high
er; Westerns. $5 10®5 20; wethers, $4 75@5;
ewes ?4 30@4 75: 'amtw. $r. 50@7.
MISCELIjANEOUS .MARKETS.
Foreign Future*.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March.
Opening 6 10V» 6 9
Closing.. . 6 10% 0 9&
PARIS.
\u25a0 Wheat — Oct.';' Jan.-Apr.
Opening 23 05 , 23 76
Closing .".V... .......... T.. 23 05 * ' 23' tO
Opening... .......... .'. ... .".0 50 ' 3125
Closing ....30 45 3125
St. Loulh Wool Market.'
ST. 'LOUIS, Oct. 11. — Wool, quiet; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 26@30<4c; light,
fine. 21@20c; heavy fine, l.S@22c; tub washed,
32@42c.
Northern "Wheat Market.
OREGON.
* PORTLAND. Oct. 11.— WHEAT— Club, 71c;
bluestem, 74c; valley, 71ig72c. I >
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 11.— WHEAT— One cent
higher. .Bluestem, 75c; club. 72c; red, 6Sc.
ZVortheru Business.
PORTLAND. Ore., Oct. 11. — Clearings,
¥1.0<;5,0*>7: balances, $57,792. „
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 11. — Clearings,
$1, 522,406; balances, ?33C,931.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 11. — Clearings,
51.057.532; balances, $316,003.
TACOMA, Wash., , Oct. 11.— Clearings,
§6W, U78; balarifcea. $94.C90.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchnnfre and Ilullion.
Silver was *4c higher.
LOCAL. ,
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — @4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... — @4 86
Sterling Exchange, cables — .®4 87
>lovv York Exchange, sight .... — @ 03
New York Exchange, • telegraphic — @ 05
Silver, per ounce : <>I%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal — @ 47%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris .....5.18*4
N«w Ycrk on Mexico 202
Paris on London ......25.17^
Berlin on London 20.45^)
Wheat and Other Grains. ,
WHEAT — Chicago was several fractions
higher. In this market the cash grain wae
firm, with future deliveries held higher, espe
cially up north. ' Future b were higher, with
lalrly active trading.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California
White. Australian, $1 50®l 55; lower grades 6f
California Wheat, $1 1501 30; Northern Club,
epot, $1 4C<J( 1 42* A; Northern Bluestem, $1 45®
1 47%; Northern Red, $1 32»,4@1 35 per ctl.
. FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 3d"4 #$1 31)14 11 38% $1 HH%
May 1 41% 1 41% 1 41% 1 41%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. ITlph. Low. Close.
December ...$t 39 $1 39>4 $1 39 $1 39-4
May— sl 41% bid.
BARLEY — The market for I both spot and
futures ruled (steady yesterday morning,' with
no material changes. Some dealers advanced
their asking prices for Feed- to $1 15, but did
not get it. The tendencj>-6f the market, how
ever, is slowly but jwfsistently. upward.
Futures fell ba*fc in -the afternoon.
.•CASH BARLEY. .' •
Feed; $L-<"5®1.07% for common and 51 oSli@
1 12% ffffgood to choice; new Browjng, $1 ia?4
@1 iST Chevalier, $1 12%W1 20 per ctl.
;T FUTURES.
r Scsslcn 'J to 11:30 -a. m.
. Open. High.*.. Low. Close.
December ...$1 13% $1 U% $1 13% $1 131$
May 114 114 1 13°4 1 13%
: 2 p. m.» Session.
December—^lll% bid, $1 12% asked. ,\u25a0
May— sl 1.3 bid, *1 13% asked.
sOATS^ — The market continues steady, with,
a fair average demand for both seed and feed
descriptions. Reds still form the great bulk
of the offerings." .-'- * .
Red, $1 354jl 50 for choice, $1 2501 32% for
fair to good and $115@1 22% for common;
Black. $1 505J1 75 for good .to choice for seed
and down to $1 25 for ordinary feed; White,
fl o.'i'ff.l 47%; Grays," nominal. . :
CORN — As spot «tock3 are practically ex
hausted and I tho new Western Corn : has not
commenced to arrive, , the market is all at
Bta as far as quotations are concerned. •• But .
there will-be now Corn In from', the West In a
short while. It tebtlnar offered here at the
; equivalent of^l 27% Backed. \u25a0 , \u25a0.--,-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . ,
Western ' sacked, $1 4001 50 for . Yellow :
51 SSffl 40 for White and $1.40@l 45 -for
Mixed; California , large Yellow. nominal
small round do, $1 60@l 65; VVhlte. nominal;
Egyptian. Jl 40@l 50 for White and $1 35@
1 40for Brown. -_• . ... ' \u25a0 .. . r.-: .
'\u25a0 RYE— $l 42%@1 52% per ctl. . '4 •
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 25 per ctl. ,
Flour "and : Farlnadeouji \ Goods.
• FLOUR— California Family .Extras, $4 80®
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S4.7o@f>:
Oregon > and j Washington,; Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.- \u25a0;' ". .\u25a0" '• ' -..•.-•.•• .'\u25a0\u25a0 '• ". \u25a0 .; \u25a0\u25a0 *:,'.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour,. $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye, Flour, $3 75; "; Rye Meal,; $3 50; ' Rice
Flour, 1 $S ; Corn Meal, $2 75 ; extra Cream i do,
$3 75; Oat Meal. $4 Go@4 75; Oat Groats, $4 75j-
Hominy,' $'J 70@4; Buckwheat Flour, -A $4 stxq(
4 75: Cracked > Wheat, $3 75;. Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, S3 50;, Rolled Oata, , bbls,"
$7@B; ' in sacks, $6 50@7 50; Pearl Barley. ' $6;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs. • \u25a0 . ; / \u25a0
liar and Feedstuflts. \u25a0\u25a0
Feedstuffs continue very firm. 'Hay is also
strong as. far as the best gr,ades are concerned,
with' continued complaint ."of the scarcity of
cars. Of the 1045 tons arriving yesterday
there were only 16 cars. The circular of Som
ers & Co. says: . • ' " /
. \u25a0; "There has been a decided diminution in re
ceipts of Hay during the past week, total ar
rivals showing but H 2350 tons in comparison
with 3070 for the week preceding. This lessen
ing I has been . due entirely ." to the scarcity of
cars, . for there seems to be quite a" healthy
demand for good Hay. with practically, none
coming in. Owing -to the large amount of
poor . Hay marketed ' during, the summer • but
comparatively little of the No. 1 grades was
stored away here; now that there is a; good
demand for it there is none to be had, with
the .consequence that very high prices are
being paid for strictly choice grades. We ex
perience this car shortage every season; thi3
year it has come a bit late, but In a more
marked degree than . heretofore. ! All lndlcav
tions point toward its continuance until the
latter part of November, t We will have to sup
ply our market •as best "we can with- stock
cars and by water, although there is but little
of the choicer grades that can be shipped by
schooner. - ' \u25a0 . ': < \u25a0' " • '- .
' "Our. market, presents no unusual features
in the way of export demand and .practically
all trading is for local purposes. A continu
ance of fairly active shipments shows that the
city has been growing and has become a
heavier consumer of Hay." .
BRAN— $23©24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S26 50(^29 50 per ton.
SHORTS— S23®24 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23 50@24 50;
Cocoanut Cake at mill, $i 0 50; Jobbing.
$21 ; Cocoanut Meal at mill, $20 50; Jobbing,
$21; Corn Meal, $30@30 50; Cracked Corn,
$30 60@31"; Mixed Feed, $23@24; Horse
Beans, $30@40 per ton ; Broom Corn Feed. 90c
per ctl; Calfalfa Meal, carload lots. $21; Job
bing, $22 50 per ton; Mealfalfa, $1S in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities.
HAY— Wheat, $11 SWJI6 50; Wheat and Oat.
$11@15 50; Oat. $y@l3 50; Barley and Oat. $Si#
12; Barley; $S@11; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@11;
stable, $6@B; stock. $5® 7; Alfalfa. $d 50©9 50
per ton. -v
STRAW— 3O@SOc per bale. - .
. Beans and. Seeds.
Receipts of Beans were 13,600 sacks, making
39,207 thus far this week. The only change
was another decline in Pinks. Other descrip
tions are more or less weak, except Blackeyea,
which continue scarce and firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75@3; Pea, $3 25®
3 50; Butter, $3 50; small White, $3 10@t 40;
large White, $2@2 40; Pink, $1 75®2 10;
Red, $3 8504; Lima, here, $3 i!s@3 40; Red
Kidneys, %i 50@3 75; Blackeyes. $4@4 25 per
ctl; Horse Beane. $1 50. ,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75; Yellow.
Mustard; $3 50©3 75; Flaxseed', nominal; Ca
nary. t>&©6"4c : Alfalfa, 12c; Race. Sc; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp, 315 c per ib; Millet, 2%@3^4c;
Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75Q2 25; Green
Peas, $2®2 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market is slenderly supplied
with Salinas Burbanks pwing to the scarcity
of freight cars. There were none received yes
terday and what little stock was on hand was
flrrnly held at stiff prices. Stocks of river
Potatoes are very large and are being adcted
to dally. Sweet Potatoes were In Compara
tively light supply and higher prices ruled for
good stock. Onions were ih good supply but
firm, with trade active.
Price* of miscellaneous vegetables showed
but little change from the previous report.
Trade was of average proportions, but stocks
of most kinds were more than sufficient for
market needs and there was quite a surplus
on hand at the close. Green Corn has about
had its run.
POTATOES — River Whites. 40@65c per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks, 9Oc@sl 20 per ctl; Sweet Po
tatoes. $1 4O@l 60 per ctl.
ONIONS — Yellow, 65<gSUe per ctl. • *
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3@4c per lb;
String", and Wax Beans, 2®3"4c per lb;
Lima Beans, SigS^c per lb; Tomatoes,
3CSSOc per box; Summer Scjuash, 75c<g$l
per box; Cucumbers 35@50c per box; Cabbage*
50c per ctl; Carrots, 50@60c p«r sack; Garlic!
s%@tic per lb; Ep" Plant, 40<g«0c per box;
Green Peppers, 40@60c per box; Green Okra,
40(g65c per box; Green Corn, nominal; Mar
rowfat Squash, $7 50@10 per "ton; Hubbard
Squash, $10 per ton.
" Poultry and Game.
No more Western Poultry waa received, but
domestic stock was in free supply, the receipts
on the early express alone being over 100 coops.
The market remained steady for general offer
ings and available supplies of everything ex
cept small Hens were wpll cleaned up at the
close.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 21@23c per lb for
old and 21025 c for young; Geese, per pair $2-
Goslings, $2 25®2 50; Ducks, $4 50ig5 50 per
dozen for old and $4@o for young; Hens, $4©
450 fcr small and $6@7 for large; young
Roosters, $sfis 50; j old Roosters, $4 5C@5;
Fryers, $3 50®4 : Broilers. $3@3 50; Pigeons.
$1 25©l 50; Squabn. $2@2 25. _
GAMB^Harf,"* $l"sC@l~7s~pe"r"'iJozen; i Cot
tontail Rabbits, $2 per dozen; Brush Rabbits,
$1 60 per dozen; Gray Geese, $3 50@4 per
dozen. \u25a0 -\u25a0 .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
The Butter market was bare yesterday and
prices moved up again. The demand for fine
goods was urgent and could . not be filled.
Cheese ruled firm, with supplies s:eadily grow,
ing smaller. Eggs were steady to firm and
tho market was unsettled, some houses quoting
the best ranch up to 41c and others offering
to sell them at 39c. It was purely a case ot
individual stocks. ' But, taken as a whole, the
Dairy market was strong all around, with re
duced supplies.
Receipts were 20.000 lbs Butter, 775 cases
Eggs and 2400 lbs Cheese-
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 20@30c
for extras and 27®2Sc- for lower and medium
grades; dairy, 2Ci / 4<g.27Vip; cold storage, 22©24 c,
latter figure for extra creamery; store Butter!
21c: Eastern, 24@24V>Jc t>er lb.
CHEESE— Choice, 12#12'4c; fair to good.
10V4&ll%o;- Young Americas, 12"A@13c; East
ern, lSiglCc per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 39@40c for large white, 3o#
iJ7*4c for" fair to good and 27'4@.;2i / 2C for the
lower grades; cold storage, 26@2Sc; store Eggs,
nominal; Eastern firsts, 23@26c; seconds, 2i>£j>
Tic per dozen. • J
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was another car of Eastern Cranberries
in yesterday and still another is due to-day.
These last arrivals are held for' more money,
with higher markets East. Coos Bay lota were
firmly held at the old quotations and some
dealers were expecting a higher range of prices.
The warm weather continued to favor trade
in other fru'.ts. but thtre was not much im
provement in prices, supplies of most descrip
tions being well up to requirements. Small
orchard fruits were firm with the exception
of Apples, which continued to accumulate, and
it wae difficult to obtain over 90c per box for
round lots of the fanciest stock. Watermelons
were In good request. The bulk of the) avail
able supplies were controlled by one hindler,
who took advantage ot the situation and ad
vanced prices. Nutmegs and Cantaloupes
shared in the firmness and the best lots met
with prompt sale at or near the oucside quota
tions, while poor and old stock was neffiected.
Citrus goods, too, were active and prices of
Grape Fruit were advanced. Table Grapes
were generally firm. The receipts were light
and a good portion arrived late. Wine Grapes
were unchanged, but the demand was less
urgent. Strawberries, Raspberries and Black
berries continued to command firm prices
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest— Longw^rths.
$G©7; lams varieties, $3 50'»4 50; Santa Clara
Berries. $,'»®7.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $5®7.
BLACKBERRIES— Per chest M&4.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@Sc per lb.
.CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $S®lo 50 per
bbl> Oregon. $3©3 25 per box. : \u0084
APPLES — Ssc@sl per box for fancy and 40®
75c for common ' to choice.
PEACHES— SmaII "boxes, 65c©$l; carriers,
$I@l 15. ' ' .
PEARS— Bartlett. $2@2 50 per box; Win
ter Nellls, $I@l 25 per box; other varieties,
40@75c per box. "
PLUMS AND PRUNES— PIums, Go@7sc per
box; Prunes. $1 50 per crate.
POMEGRANATES— SO@7Sc for small and II
fil 25 for large boxes.
FlGS— Small boxes, 40® 60c; large bcxej,
Gscfff?l. • . \u25a0
QUINCES— 6O(37Sc per box.'
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $I®2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40@85c per box; Watermelons.
$204 per dozen.
GRAPES— SmaII packages — Seedless, SOc®
$125; Muscat, 50@S5c:' Black, 3ri®fiGc* Tokay,
50@S5c; Sweet water, 40#C0c; Isabella, $1.2 j@
1 DO: Cornichon. ~7fl®9oc; Larisre boxes —
Black, 75c@*l; Tokay, , 75c@$l 50; Muscat,
f.l@l 50; Cornichon. $I@l 25; Wine Grapes,
Zlnfandel, $24tf?2S per ton; Mission, $IS@22 per
ton; colored, *515@20 per ton.
CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges, Valencias, $2(f?4 60 per box; Lemons,
$I<S3"3 00; Grape Fruit, §2 50<g3; Mexican Limes,
$I@4 50 \u25a0 per case; Banana.*, Hawaiian, $I@2
per bunch; Central American, nominal; Pine
apples, $2®3 per dozen. '
Dried FruitM, ftuta, Itnlslns and' Honey.
: FRUlTS— Apricots. :7"4@loc' for Royals and
8%@12c for Moorparka; Peaches. Sc for stand
ards, S%c' for choice. Oc for extra choice and
o%@loc for fancy: Pears, 7%(g'l2i-&c; Nectar
ines, 7 H@B%c for white and 7»4®7%c for Red;
Plums, pitttd. fl@7c { for Black. ~<Bi)c : for Red
and 7@9c for- Yellow; Silver Prunes,": 7@S*,gc;
Evaporated Apples, ; ,7fiS>4c: sun-dried, p«r
lb; Figs, boxes, 50c for choice; 55c for. extra
choice and t;Q@6sc for fancy; bulk white, 2*4©
4c per lb; black, \2%®3c: . '<:.:] *\u25a0: •
PRUNES — Old crop. 3®3\ic per lb basis for
the four, sizes and 3V4@3V4c basis for the large
sizes.'. New crop Prunes; 33 1 J 4@4c basis for the
four, sizes (60-100) and- 4@4",4c basis for. the
large;"nnd small- sizes." \u25a0
.; RAISINS — Loose, 4-crown. C*4c; per lb; 3-
crown,' Gc; : 2-crown, 5%c. -Seeded- Raisins—
Fancy,' 16 ounces, &y t c; r t&ncy, 12 ounce 3, t o%c; ;
choice, \u25a0• 16 ounces. Sc;: choice, 12 ounces, ii%c;
Imperial - Clusters.' $3 per , 20-lb . box ; • Dehesas.
$2 50;" fancy, i $2;,3-crown ; London- 1 : Layers,:
$1 50: ''- 2- crown. $140; seedless 1 standard : loose
Muscatele.r 4%c; earner floated; -, 4"4 c; seedless
Sultanas," s@7c; : Thompsons,' U*Ac ; j bulk '< fancy.
agtinUc; bulk choice, :. Bc: -rtandard,- 7c -y *.
>~ NUTS— Almonds •.\u25a0Nonpareils." 14%@15c; IX
I L.l3®l3%c;Ne Plus. Ultra. 12"^@13c; Drakes,
ll%c and Languedoc. 10%®lle; New Walnuts,
No. 1 softshell, 13c; No. 2. 9c: No. 1- hardshell.
12% c; No. 2. S%c- Peanuts. 6@7c for Easiern;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Chest
nuts. 10@12%c per Ib. \u25a0 \u25a0 • _
HONEY — Comb, 10#llc for white and .®J%
for amber; water white extracted, 6c; white,
4%@s^c; amber. 4@4%c; dark. : Ha
waiian." 2@2%c for extracted. -
BEESWAX— 27@2Bc per lb.
Provisions).
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12% c p«r lb. for
heavy. I2}4c for light medium. 13%®14c for
light, 14@14Uc.for extra.light and lb%@lic
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Sides. l°W® llc ;_?*b
lies. 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. I fp'*
13% c; California Hams. 12% c; Mess Beef. $9 50
per bbl: extra Mess. $10; Family. Ill; Prime
Mess, Pork. fl4; extra clear. $19 50; Met«,
$17 50; Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef, 14c perlb. „ ,
LARD— Tierct-s quoted at 6kc per lb for
California Compound, 7@7%c for Eastern com
pound and 10c for pure; half barrels, pure,
lOUc; 10-lb tins. 10% c; 5-lb tins." lOftc; 3-lb
tins, lie. ~ .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. B%c; three
half barrels. B%c; one tierce. 8c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Advices from New Yorly report a firmer mar
ket for the better grades of Hops, with both
dealers 'and the leading brewers paying full'
prices, It being stated that up to 22c was paid
Xor fancy growth.
A local house says of Wool: "Boston re
ports a quiet market, with only moderate
dealings.. Prices there, however, seem to be
well sustained and dealers have faith in the
future ff>r considerable volume of trade at
satisfactory prices. .The stock .of domestic
Wool in the country la not too large, there
fore there is no reason to expect much. If
any. change In prices for the balance of the
year. Most of the spring shearing is now In
the hands of dealers. The fall shearing prac
tically cuts no figure In prices at any time, aa
fall Wools are limited In quantity at best. The
local market is quiet and featureless."
HIDES AND SKINS^-Culls and brands sell
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12% c; medium, 12c; light, ll%c;
Cow Hides, ll%c for heavy and ll%c for
light: Stags. B%c; Salted Kip. 11 %c; Salted
Veal,. 13c; Salted Calf. 13% c; dry Hides, 20c;
dry Kip, 17@lSc; dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 25@60c each; short Wool. 60880 c
each; medium 90ciS$l 25: long Wool, $125@2;.
Horse Hides, salt. $303 25; for large and $2 75
for medium, $2 25 for email and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $2@2 25 for large and $1 75
for medium, $1 50 for email and SOc for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 31c: dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American. 27c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, -75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large, 50@60c; medium, 35@40c; small,
25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V4@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3©3% c; Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL — Fall clip — Northern free, 15@17c;
do defective. 12@14c: Middle County, free. ll©
17c- do, ' defective, 12@14c; San Joaquln and
Southern. 10@13c; San Joaquln Lambs'. 14@
16c: do. defective, o@l2c per lb.
HOPS— I9O4 crop, 12g14c; 1905 crop. 12@14c
per lb. .
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale. rates from slaughterers to deafer*
are a% follows:
BEEV- : -4%(55%c for Steers and 3%@4%c per
lb for Cows*.
YEAL — Large. s©7c; small. 6@Sc p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wsthers. B%<SDc; Ewe*. B®9c
per lb.
LAMB — 10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7@B%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. •
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 5%®6%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 4%@5c.
CALVES — 3%@4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— S2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 130 to 250 lbs, 5%c;
over 250 Ib 3. 5%c; under 130 lbs, oiic;
Feeders, nominal; Sowe. 20 per cent off; Boara,
50 per cent off, and Stags," 40 per cent off from
above quotations. •
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bag's) 7Vic spot and 6c for
buyer June-July, 1906; Wool Bags, 30@33c;
small lots. 31@34c; Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit
Basrs. b"Vi@7c.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant." $3 60;
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 60;
Richmond. $S>; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14;^Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $3 per ton; Coke, $11 50<g13 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S CO per short »on.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the steam
ship Sierra left this port In September there
has not been ,a Coal arrival from Australia.
There are twenty-three vessels listed to load
Coal at Newcastle, N.S . W., with a carrying
capacity of about 50,000 tons; Included in this
list are three steamers, with a carrying capa
city-'of about 15,000 tons. The arrivals of
colonial Coal for the month of September.
1904. were 15,952 tons: for the month of Sep
tember of the pres«nt year, only 5250 tons. Tn*
deliver^ of British Columbia last month wer»
over IS.COO tons. The total deliveries of Coal
from all sources this year for September show
a shrinkage of 19,000 tons, against the Coal
arrivals of the same period for 1904. There
is a perceptible shrinkage of all grades of
Coal in the yards here, etill the wholesale
prices remain unchanged, as early relief Is
expected from the British Columbia collieries
as soon as future freight engagements can be
arranged. There is but one vessel due from
Newcastle. N. §. W. F but the three steamer
cargoes should be received here early next
month. The strike at British Columbia that
has been in progress for the past four months
has been amicably arranged, and work will be
recommenced at .an early date. Duration of
the agreement will be for two years, and the
minimum rate of wages to the miners appears
to be a very generous one. All collieries
that have been arfected by the strike just
ended belong to the Western Fuel Company
here, which have absolute control over all Brit
ish Columbia Coal products coming |to this
market. Producers cf fuel oil are endeavor
ing to establish a better rate for their products
it is very doubtful if they will be successful.
OlLS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc: Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
52c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 14@1 16; Lucol, 4Se for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65®
7Sc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. 553
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bieached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. «3e; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil 63c; natural Whale Oil, 60c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
57% c; Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. Use; raw Fish Oil. 85c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whit*
Coal Oil, in bulk, lie: Pear! Oil. m cases
17 %c; Astral. 17VJC; Star. 17 %c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine. 2«c; Eocene, 19%e: Stove Gaso
linerin bulk, 15M,c; in cases. 22c; Motor Gaso
line, in bulk. 15% c: In cases. 2Cc: No. 1 En- |
gine Distillate. Iron barrels or drums. 8c; Na
I 2 do, 6%e: cases. 6«~c more; Benzine, in bulk. *
lUVjc; caaes, 19c; SC-degree Gasoline, in bulk.
in casee, 31c
TURPENTINE— 93c per gallon in cases and
S7c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7%0
SV4c per lb; White Lead. 7%®3Uc. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bag*:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6<-:
Powdered. 4.!)3c; Candy Granulated, 4.85 c; Dry
Granulated, line. 4.75 c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
4.75 c; Fruit- Granulated. 4.75 c; Beet Granu
lated (IUO-lb baga only), 4.05«; Confectioners'
A. 4.75 c: Magnolia A. 4.35 c; Extra C. 4.25 c: :
Golden C. 4.15 c; "D»" 4.05 c; barrels. lCc more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c mor*; 50-lt
bags, ' 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.25 c: boxes. 6.50 c: H. & E. Crystal
Domtnos, 7.75 c per lb. No order taken formless
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipt* of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11. --
Flour, qr sks.. 3.4BBj Hay. tons 1.045
Wheat, ctls ... 455|Hops. balos 332
Harley. ctls ... 2.13;^ W001, bales ..... lt»
Oats, ctls I.23o, Leather, rolls .. 23U
Tallow, ctls ... 332jHides, No .....'. 268
Sugar, ctls S.UOO'PeIU. bdls OO
Beans, ek s 10,051 LJme. bbls IS2
Potatoes, sks \u25a0-.. I,B7s] HaUinn. bxs ... 6,7^0
Pnions. sk» 514[ Quicksilver, flsks 12
Bran, eks 1,0i>7| Jifrandy, gals ... 200
Middlings, sks.. 2231 Wine, gal* 20,600
OREGON. '. ,\ v
Wheat, .ctls ... 9,097 1
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ...ll.OCOj' .
STOCK .IURKET.
Good Shonluz at the Annual Meetlayr
of the Bond Exchange.
Although business was not very brl9k on
the Stock and. Bond Exchange there were a
' number of noteworthy fluctuations. : Alaska
Packers dropped from.. $02 to $<50 50. Gaa and
Electric was higher at $S4 75@55 25. and-Cali
fornia Ga» and Electric advanced ' from ?90
to $32 25. Telephone sold . up -to ' $103 but
dropped \u25a0 back to $103 50 bid. Sales •of bonds
1 were $40,CC0. Presidio R. R. was ex-dlvidend
of 20c under the rule. • . <\u25a0 \u25a0-.*.. ;; .-. \u25a0
.Trading »n ; the 'mining- stocks was average,
and quotations stood about the same. Crown
Point was assessnd 10c. . \u0084 ; r
The Pacific Surety ' Company has declared a
regular quarterly dividend at the rate of 6. per
i cent per annum on the $230,000 capital stock,
payable immediately..- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany, paid? a regular .monthly dividend- of 80
: cents, or $9COO, yesterday. ,
'\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0 The Makaweil Sugar Company will pay a
[regular monthly dividend of 40 cents per share
!* October 15. , - .*-»
; , The California Safe Deposit and -Trust Com
pany will pay; a regular quarterly dividend of
I $150 per share October. 15. .-
j ->\u25a0 Rocco-Homestake \u25a0 was , ex-dividend .of two
( cents yesterday. ' *. . •• . \u25a0 • ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-./
. tThe \u25a0< Greene - Consolidated Copper Company
I has , declared ; th» : usual dividend of . four r«r
cent.'"-'-. ;\u25a0-..:.; \u25a0-..:. —,'- : \u25a0? \u25a0- . 1 '."" ' \u25a0 ..
\u25a0 At the - annual meeting of the .- Stock aud
! Bond Exchange Tuesday afternoon the follow- <
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£a* £* £*
i HORSES 75
By order of H. *P. SNOWBALL of Southern
Oregon w e will sell 75 held of ALL-PURPOSB
HORSES, 'weighing from 1000 to 13W> pounds,
and from 4 to 9 years old.
As is our custom this sale will b« absolute.
The horses are being shipped here to selL
Ccme and buy them.
SALE TAKES PLACE
THIS DAY. -v '<)'
THURSDAY. October 12. at 11 a. nu it
J. D. HORAVS SALESYARD.
Corner Tenth and Bryant iv., S. F.
. Horses . at yards Wednesday. October 11.
HORD & SMITH. Auctioneers. 628 Clay st-
£* £> £*
100 -HORSES- 100
AT AUCTION
WESTERN HORSE MARKET^
220 Valencia Street.
TO-MORROW.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 13. 1905. AT IP.M.
Several fine saddle horses. 60 unbrok* horses
from 900 Ho 1330 lbs. - v > -
50 bead broke horses from 1050' to 1600 lbs.
Some of the finest horses ever brought to Ban
Francisco Also a carload of cheap horses at
low prices.
NO RESERVE OR LIMIT.
E. STEWART A CO.
P* .fe* fe»
PUBLIC AUCTIOM
Saturday, Oetoljer 14, at 11- a. m.
Don't miss or forget. Thirty head of all-
purpose horses at auction without reserve or
limit. This stock must b« sold.
613 Broadway, nr. First SU Oakland
ing officers were re-elected : Edward Barry,
president: Worthington Ames, viea -president;
Walter Turnbull, chairman: T>. R. Wilson,
vie© chairman; secretary, ; Harry Schwartz;
treasurer. Daniel Meyer.
The report of business transacted for the
year showed it to be the largest in the his
tory of the Exchange, the total being
f33.547.797 62V^. the total for the 23 year*
of the existence of the Exchange to September
19, 1905, being $3C8,44«,085 07.
In bond sales th«re were $4,933,000 rnltel
Railroad 4s. or nearly 25 per cent of th«
tctal bond sales for the year.
Total bond sales for the twelve months wer»
of $17,552,520 market value and of
$17,709,190 62% par value.
Total stocks were 338.524, valtte $1,883,867.
Stock sales were aa follows:
Xame. Shares. Value.
Water 33.1CS $t.4tiT.C2T.2S
Gas & Electric 69.692 3,8 M,090.62%, 090.62%
Insurance 15 5.000.00 r
Banks (Com'l) 4.034 1.015.552.75
Banks (Savings) 21* 35.322.58
Street Railroads 531 JJ8.22?- 25 ,
Powder 4.603 325,088.T2^
Sugars 204,991 5.770,342.00
Increase in bond sales in 1904—59.353,067.
62%; in share 5a1e*— 59,820,544.25; ir»cr«ase In
number of shares sold, 230.045. t
At a meetlns of the stockholders of the
Yosemite Valley Railroad on Tuesday the
following directors were elected for the «-n
\u25a0ulng year: William H. Crocker. H»nry T.
Scott. N. D. Rldeout. Thomas Prather. W.
M. Garthwaite. Harry L. Tevls and Frank
G. Drum. The following officers were alsa
elected: Frank G. Drum, president: N." V.
R'deout. vice president; J. H. Ellis, secre
tary. The company has let the contract for
building the road from Merced into the Yo
semite Valley, a distance of SO miles, and
work will be hurried forward. About thr<*«
miles of the road Is already graded and it is
expected to have the road completed and ia
operation in fourteen months.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
"WEDNESDAY. Oct. 11—2 p. m.
T7NITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. A«fc.
4s ar cou->..lM*ilos-k|4s qr ep nw.131 t344»
4s qr reg...lO4"ilCs**;3s qr coup. . .lo4*4lC3si
MISCELLmVXEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW5* — — |O* T Con 55.111% -
Asso Oil Ha W"4 — JO W jrtd s*. _ 93
Bay CPC 53.107*^ — Oceanic 35s — tS
Cal C G 5».1K — |Om Cable 63.119 —
Cal G& E r I P»e O 1m4563 —
m & ct 5a 00^100 |P E Ry 55. 111*4112
Cal-st C 59.111 V*H3U Pac L&P 55.101% —
C C Wat ss. — 10« P& C H 65.102% —
Ed LAP 69.123 128 P& O X 65.1i0 —
F& C H 69.113 — Powell-st 6».lll —
Geary-st ss. — 45 Sac EGATWs.IIO- —
H CAS sVis.lO4Vi — SF & SJVSB.IISH —
Do 5s .7.-104^ — Sr.O &5J53.U1%112
Hon R T 6s.HO — Sierra R «a.112% —
I* A Elee 5s — — 3P of Aft
LAO &E1 5» — 103 I tinCft) 107^ —
L A Ry 55.118>4 — 1 (lfilO ICS% —
LAX. Ktd 65.102 104 S P of C6a
LAP lcmss.Ho — «190«> 101*4102
LAP C 5a.. 107*4 — (1912) ....112 —
Mkt-st C 65.113H — SPC 1C? 58.120% —
Do Icmss.llsi,i — SP B R 65.133 —
MV& MtTSs.lO5 — S V Wat 6«.102 102^
NR of C c«. I«3H 104 Do 434 3 2dm.lOOV' t louVa
Do 5s 119 — Do 4s 3dm. 09% —
NP C B 53.105*4108*4 Do X mtgl* 87*^ 88
NC Ry ss. — m*VBtkn G&5Ss. — — ,
N CP C ss. 09 100>4!U G & E s*. 104*4 105 Vi
O OLAH 5».108>^ — it-'R Of SF 4s 89»4 —
Ok TCo 85.121 — Val Co P 65.1C5 —
Do 5s 112 Vi — |Yos SL -4*^9. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta 47 « i 4S%!Port Costa... — 6S
Marin C 0... 55 — |S V Wat Co 40** —
- GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P 3V4 — fS F G & E. |4"4 85 Vi
Martel Powr 2 — j Do eertfs. . 84% 83*-»
Mutual EL. 16H 10*4 Stkn G& B. 0 —
Pac L C 0... 71*^ — !
TVCJT'TJ »
Firem's Fd.335 — f
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nt! 8k.127^130 I. P & A. ..145 137*4
An'lo-Cal .. 90 — Mer Trust... 22o 240 .
Bank of Ca1. 422*4 — Merch Ex... 85 —
Cal Safe Dp.157>% — S F National — 160
First Natal.32» 330 |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & USCOO > — j 3av & L So-lOO; —
HumS Bk.ISCO ' — : P*c Say 8k.305 —
Mutual Sav.lo2***— ' Union T Ca2700 33Ct>
S F Say TJ.tt?*s •\u25a0 — ~ ]
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..220 225 j Presidio .... — —
Giant Con.. — 7» J
SUGAR. '\u0084*Y
Hawallan C. 84 $3 Makaweli C. 34«4 38"^
Honokaa SC 19 — Onomea S C.- f!3% 3***
Hutch SP C 15V4 — Paauhau S C 23V» 2UfJ
Ktlauea S C 4 5
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 6OVi 61 j Oceantc SCO- •- - 5
Cal F C A. — 100 ! Pac Aux FA. 3% —
Cal Wine A — S4H! Pac C Borx.ls2Vi —
MV& MtTm.loo — 1 PacS Tel C0.103%105
SALES. rN;
Mornlns Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association. .. 60 50
13 Anglo-Calif ornian Bank 90 00
e5 Hutchlnson S P Co 15 24 •
25 Mutual Electric Light, cash... I*so
IGO Mutual Electric Light 1$ 50
10 Onomea Sugar Co 34> 00
5 Pacific States Tel & Tel C 0.. .109 00
MS F Gas A Electric .....84 79
750 S F Gas ft E1ectric.......... 85 00
30 S F Ga« & Electric 85 25
25 Spring Valley Watar C 0...... 40 t>"2lj
$1,000 Honolulu "R T & L 6s 110 00
$2,(00 Spring Valley 4s (3d mt&e)....100 OO
f 15.000 Cal Gas & EI.G M & C T 55.. 09 00
$10,000 United R R of S F 4a $» 75
Street—
53 F Savings Union 685 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Californla-st Cable R R..... .220 00
eco.Honokaa S Co ;.'. l*oO
50 Mutual Electric Light 18 25
$7,C©O Bay Counties Power 5s -108 0O
$l,Ci*' Cal Gas A El G M & C T 55. . 81> 25
JI.OOO United R R of S F 45.... 8» 50
Street— *
$3,000 Bay Counties Pow«r Co 55.... 108 OO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCI3LLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6..100 107% SF G&E4»4a.102 —
B L Wat fls-114. — I SB* A SP 5a.111*?,112*4
Cal NW 65. 111' — SP C R 4a. 08% «8V»
M C Wat 53 — 114 (Sun Tel 6s. .112.. —
O T Con 59.105*4107 Do 5s .... —.111 .
Risl Wkssa.lol — - Suttr-st R55.103 llt>
SF Drdk 55.115 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.. — 25 Mat Nay C 0.125 183
Am Bi« CoaOO — Mils Nat B1lX» —
Cal Cot Mia SO 81 M 3 R R CD. - 12*4
Cal G&ECorBO — N Cal P Co. 10*4 NW»
C Jockey Cl. 122*4 130 Ok Bk Sav.lso —
Cal Powder.l6o — |lOOF HaMA 6VS —
Cat Ship Co — 25 jOrpheum Co. 16 —
CaiT I A T. 165 175 iPacC Cas C 0.140 —
Cen Bk, Ok— -75, j Pac Sur Co. — 120
Chutea Co.. 4*4 3 iParaf Paint. — 80
CityA C 8k.107HU9 181 8 F Drydock — T5 -
Cyp L Imp. 5 *8 ISF & SJCoal »' '— \u25a0\u25a0.
Continued on I'axe Fourteen,
1516
a£^rf Si . JBia» cHaaagy \u25a0
Absolutely Pure
A GRAPE CREAM OF TARTAR BAKING POWDER
It makes the most delicious
and healthful hot breads,
biscuit and cake
FREE FROM ALUM, LIME OR PHOSPHATIC ACID
No other baking preparation or powder
has equal leavening strength
or healthful. qualities
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK
ASSISTED BY MESSENGER
SHE CORKERS HER HUSBAND
Sim. Brily I«f vy TcIU How She Dis
covered that Her Spou»e
\Va« Unfaithful.
Mrs. Brily Levy related in detail In
Judge Graham's court yesterday how
ehe played the scout, assisted by a
messenger boy. and tracked her hus
band. Abe Levy, who conducts a barber
»:."P facing Union, square, into the
erms .of a tall blonde who wore a
ttriking hat of crimson hue. Then
he told how she traced her husband
md the Monde into a . Mission street
lodging^ house. This proof was sirffl
clettt f<*f Judge Graham and he granted.
Mrs. Levy a divorce as prayed. '.Mrs'
Levy announced, however, that all af
feitlon for her ; husband — that was—
had Tiot departed and that if he showed,
• contrite heart anO disposition to be
good *h*: might forgive him and con
*fii: to the setting aside of the 'divorce
decree. / \u25a0 ' . : '
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Kittle from August Ander
sitn \u25a0 for oxtrcme cruelty, Hetty- from
William Wolch for cruelty, William D.
from Mary Savage for cruelty and
Edith from Eugene Harris for deser
tion. Suits for divorce were filed by
liosn against John Ciolina. for cruelty,
Joseph S. against Kate E. Slyter for
habitual intemperance, Elizabeth J.
t-gainst Thomas V. Baker for failure
t<"> provide. Mary E. against William J.
Gannon for desertion and Joseph
egainst Louise CHilson for desertion.
Our presses are humming because we do
tixwl printing. Edward Knowles Co.. 24'£dat •
I^^BB^We'll Deliver
: - : -to^.iy6ur Home $50. Worth
-^%i a! Wi ftll^fjpllllr t j oil ipMir imiiLiuiu ©
|||p^pp^ Big* BargaiiniS"-for tine Enid of sl
. \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.' Biusy Week
$0r Things that will add to the^beauty and the comfort and the
* pleasure of the home; thingslthat will make the : room brighter
! and the hours less dreary for the woman who stays at home. A
\u25a0 dollar or so 'deposit. and a similar amount each week is all you need.
-turn, AHTE3O COCCH— A "J8.60 Couch. ffx 2s&!*"^r \N oeatfnr'
2n. 3Ja. < 'r^ _ covered In heavy velours, at a prl« /j/ $JSL^rL V\ ft/ "L,i
!bys ft V. .. unheard of before. We bought them fi TTg«F*B| S*s 'V\ , s P ecial
i 3 In. & ?^-s?*s&K3^?* !^5 9 " A si^ In quantity. They go this, (ryer ye && ] \' *&$? ****** M& trom last .
RoyjJ \u25a0: J! : week. Ask
•^'^ WMSm^ Dressers in^pigigpf g£°
SMS M -^ ;il^i^^7^"»a^J^fel» prettiest quar- 'Uhed-Drener - . \ This .
Ilii 2T :^3|pE2l3pJJ #n DreMer f wo . giVeV 6 ,^ a t^ . ;':^rr^^^^^ pair, -, ~
B' I j #^ffS_aft"^ R hare. «ver se- West. It is- our . ' tv-_t v-_ i \ 7 .
<_:? r ± \u25a0"";--."*.':• ' especially : largre at a time, and < \^^-.:^^:^:o-V->^ ::l^iK gjL
t top and." largre we can ' sell y- •\u25a0\u25a0S^^^Lv.-; \u25a0\u25a0.•^Llip'^>^ i '^L a "™f"
. ' plate mlr-tf^ c- them c/ 1 oe }"- VJ v»-..n:c,'... V«
• ror. price 9&3 for. . 5>0.0 J &LiiJSs*»*A ••> . - . . I v
Here is a rarfge! that wiifl boil 30- gallons^of water, in 40 minutes
THROUGH; ITS WATER CGILS; r /aria,v^rimari!y, the Buck: is a Gook
Stove. Money back if not as represehted. ''- Prices from:sl4:Jo to $68.
.Terms; Sldovyn.; . .. .."\u25a0; \u25a0•*'.\u25a0 \ X< ; :\ : . Z' ' x '-"^ -v \u0084 , •
_^__ l_l^_^__^ '•' ' ' • " : '"\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0'"" y ' -'" '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0'.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '. -.-\u25a0'\u25a0 -:.?., .- \u25a0' ; , ~ ; - : *
chika cab- - • "-* ' :.;•\u25a0..•.- -1~- $/?.- :*.'• .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "». '" • ..'i'.";!.;;;.,,' - j _l^l;- ; '"''-- Ei ( " AnMei;
JJIMULI'II.I '— ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0i«l »lllllli;. 'II.M«M^^^M^S^SMM^»^M^MM« ' ' ' -\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'. . \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0' - '::...:\u25a0.. \ ;..!, i/.^0j.;..-^
TBTAXUS CAUSES DEATH • i
OF A RAIMtOAD L.ABOREU j
Fatttl .llnhiilj .SuiiptiMcd (o Have Been
Produced by Improper U»e .
of Vaccine.'
Another death from -tetanus, alleged
to have been ' caused by, vaccination,
was reported to the Coroner yesterday.
The victim was E. Leuba, 1$ years of
age. Leuba lived In Oakville. Napa
County, and applied to tho Southern Pa
cific Company for a as a laborer.
Under the corrpany's rVgrulations he had
to be vaccinated before securing: em
ployment. He v.-as vaccinated on Sep
tember/ 1* by a physician In Calistoga.
Leuba wont to work, but on October
7 symptoms of tetanus developed, aiitl
he was brought, to the Southern Pacific
Hospital in this city- on October S and
died about midnight on Tuesday. The
body was taken to' the Morgue. The
. Corpriei ; has not yet ascertained the
.n&Pie-ot th<? physician in Catlstoga'who
• the. yarcine. but an soon as h«
'does, h e -,'w lll ask him' to send the vac
cine points for; analysis.
The points used in the case of the
boy. Arthur Noel Gwynn of 3309 Cali
fornia street, who died from tetanus
on August r.O. nre beinj? analyzed by
Dr. H. A. L. P.yfkoierel. 590 Sutter street.
Dr. Howard Cameron,
Ey«>. ear, nose, throat specialist, has returned
Office at 218 Stockton St.. Dana building. *
Starr J. Murphy for '\u25a0 six years has
been charity manager for. John D.
Rockefeller, drawing a handsome sal
ary for work done *as head- of the
bureau of benevolence.
. • - - - - ..:
TH!i SAN KRvVNCISCO CALL, THURSDAY;, OCTOBER- -12, iL9OS/
CONSUL'S ACTS
ARE PECULIAR
Federal Authorities 3lay Be
Asked to Make liuiuiry Into
the Case of Woo Wong Ho
CONTEST OVER/ A GIRL
It Is Said She Was Not Mar
ried Although a Certifi
cate Is Produced in Court
The Federal authorities may be asked
to v in vestigate 1 the conduct of Julius S.
Lay, the American Consul at Canton,
China, and Rev. Dr. Henry V. Noyes, a
Presbyterian missionary at Canton, in
connection with the case of Woo Wong
Ho, a Chinese girl about 15 years of
age; v • .;" :
The girl " was rescued about two
weeks ago from a house in Chinatown
by Miss Donaldina Cameron of the
Chinese: Presbyterian Mission, Sacra
mento street, aided by' the police,- on
the grotind that she had been brought
here on August 23 last as a slave. Sbe
was taken to the mission and an appli
cation for a writ of habeas corpus for
her release was ' made before Judge
Cook by Chin Lum, who claimed -to be
her husband.
The matter came up before the
Judge yesterday and the girl was called
to the stand. Through. an interpreter
she testified that she knew nothing
about being married to Chin Lum. She
remembered being taken before some
one in Canton, and some questions were
asked her before she left on the steam
ship, but. she never saw Chin Lum till
after the steamship had sailed. She
was happy where she was at the mis
sion and wished to stay there.
Attorney- Carpenter produced a cer
tificate of marriage signed by Rev. Dr.
Noyes arid countersigned by Consul
Lay. It purported to show that the girl
had been married at Canton on July 10 |
to Chiiv Lum. The certificate bore hei v
photograph.' Her age was given as lo ,
and Chin Lum's as 23. He said he be
lieved that the girl was intimidated
into stopping at the mission.
The court said the girl was the best
judge of what she should do, and a? she
testified that she was happy at the mis
sion and desired to remain there, he
would not interfere. The writ would
be dismissed, he said.
The point brought out by the produc
tion of the marriage certificate, which
the Federal authorities may be' asked
to investigate, is whether Rev. Dr.
Noyes and Consul Lay have an ar
rangement whereby Chinese girls may
be shipped to this country for slave
purposes under the guise of being mar
ried. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Dr. Ryf kogel and Dr. Benepe have
moved their offices to the St. Paul
building. 293 Geary street. Telephone
Main 3695. . . . *
Burglitrs Vlult Houses.
John Casey, 48 Angelica street, re
ported to the police yesterday that his
house had been entered on Monday
night, by turning the latch or a rear
window and a gold watch, two gold
chains, an overcoat and a razor stolen.
John Wilson, 347 Sixth street, re
ported that his room had been entered
on Tuesday night by means of a false
key and a suit of clothes and a pair
of patent leather shoes stolen.
LOSES ONE DOLLAR
AND HER LOVER.
Coin Abstracted From Discarded Stock
ing: in Which Miss Evans Placed It.
HER SABLE WOOER ARRESTED
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Wilson Holman,; ebon-skinned and squat
of figure, deplored his plight as a pris
oner under accusation of petty , larceny,
but his keenest soul-agony was occasioned
by the realization that his accuser was
one with whom he had exchanged love
vows and who had assured him that he
was tha embodiment of all her ideals of
what constituted perfect manhood. One
brief half-hour. prior to the filing of her
charge that he was a. thief she had ec
statically thanked Providence for its ben-
eflcence in bestowing upon her the undi
vided affection of a thorough affinity.
"En ef seen," Mr. Holman bitterly
opined to Police Judge Fritz, "am de
fickleness ob de- femuline sect."
One silver dollar was the- plunder al
leged to have been pilfered from Miss
Anna Evans, chocolate-hued, by Mr.
Holman. He had spent Tuesday evening
visiting at her home. 1200& Stockton
street, and Wednesday morning was well
under. way when she ascertained her loss.
After bidding Mr. Holman a tender adieu,
of . which the man in the moon- was sole
witness; she returned to the sitting' room
in which the preceding five hours had
sped all too swiftly, and something— she
knew not what— prompted her to examine
the green-and-orange-striped stocking in
which she had placed for safe and secre
tive keeping the nucleus of a fund for the
purchase of a wedding trousseau. Blithe
ly humming the refrain of "How Ah Lubs
Dat Man," she took the stocking from
the bureau drawer in which it was deeply
interred, and to her amazement found it
empty. \u25a0
"Ah nebbah wuz mo' flubbahgasted dan
Ah wuz at dat: minit,"' Miss Evans in
formed the court, "fcT Ah hed placed de
white dollah in de stockin' jes fo" Mistah
Holman drapped in, en 'c wuz de only
pusson dat kern inta de sittin* room aftah
dat time. Ah cud scasely b'lleve dat he'd
done gone swiped de white dollah, but dah
wuz nobuddy else teh 'spect."
"What opportunity, if any, did. this de
fendant have, to take the stocking from
the drawer and the dollar from the stock
ing without your knowledge that he was
doing so?", inquired counsel for the de
fense.
"Well, sah, Ah thunk dat obah 'fo* Ah
gits 'im "rested," was the answer, "en
Ah rekamaembahs dat w'en Ah goes teh
de kitching teh git 'im some cole biled
ham— he's mighty fon'.ob ham— he looks
kine ob flusterated w'en Ah kirns back.
But Ah doan 'spect he's bin arswipin'
nuffln till Ah fines dat yah white dollah
done gone."
Miss Evans declared that she felt even
more profoundly than did Mr. Holman
the humiliation of having' confidence be
trayed. Yes, she had told him while he
was munching the ham that he possessed
her whole heart, and between bites he
had asseverated that he was an abject
slave to her charms. When she thought
of that declaration and realized that it
was uttered while the white, dollar was in
hie pocket her love, gave way to con
tempt, f]
The stocking was produced in evidence,
Miss Evans having carried.it In her hand
bag to court, and the defense . tried to
make capital out of a hole in its heel
by claiming that the dollar— if it had ever
contained a dollar— might have dropped
therefrom and rolled to some unsearched
spot, either before or after the stocking
w»s taken from the drawer by the com
plainant. But the complainant herself
and Patrolmen Bakulich and Daggett tes
tified that every. nook and cranny of the
bureau drawer and the sitting room floor
had been explored in futile quest of the
dollar.
"It 'peahs teh me lak dah's some oddah
man at de bottom of dis case," Mr.'Hol
man remarked after he had been remand
ed for further hearing.
"No oddah man fo' me if dey're all lak
you am," Miss Evans retorted.
» •'•\u25a0*-.• ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : • \u25a0
William' O' Dougherty/ who broke his
infant child's leg by hurling R against
the ceiling of his bedroom because its
frctfulness disturbed , his besotted slum
ber, is under treatment' -for . delirium
tremens at the municipal hospital. He
is charged with havlrtg committed an as
sault to do great bodily harm, and Judge
Mogan '\u25a0will, take up the case next
Monday. \u25a0 ';\u25a0>;
When 'the Grays' and the Hemples,
husbands and wives, were arraigned be
fore Judge Fritz on' the charge of having
profaned- the corridor* of.,' his court by
utilizing it as a battleground the previous
day, one of the ladies '"applied for a
transfer of the: case to some other trib
unal, she opining that his Honor' might
naturally entertain .some . prejudice. The
application was "promptly, ' not to say
thankfully, granted,^ and to.. Judge
Cfibanlss hied .the -quartet, accompanied
by Attorney \u25a0.Treadwell, who ;hadjf-jre
ceived bodily injury while endeavoring to
separate the combatants.
"May It -please the court," said , Mr.
Treadwell, "the parties to this case have
met and talked it over and decided ""to
abstain from, further violence .toward
each' other. > 1 . .; may also ; state . that: the
severe blow ; unintentionally delivered by
one of them upon ; my solar plexus can
not be forgotten ' until the pain' occa
sioned by it has:entlrely. departed./but it
has been forgiven," arid I ; would respect
fully; ask for. a' dismissal ; of the charge
against the defendants.": .
, When he /alluded to. his physical, ill;, the
advocate; placed his right hand upon his
right, lower abdominal region,: thus /sig
nifying- the spot that ; had been smitten,
and when the \ Judge : askedj him \u25a0 If the
solar, plexus was located at or near that
spot he replied lln - the /affirmative.
'\u2666"Without' claiming to~ possess the an
atomical knowledge ; of; a/:. Bacigalupi,"
said his >Honor."""l must; pronounce you
In error;-; The . solar , plexus is : planted
somewhere In the vicinity- of /the heart,
which. It! may -not: be superfluous^ to In
form you, is In the left side of; the chest.
*Your hand covers the vermiform appen
dix." >/. • .DjS^^^^si^S
"Well, my hand Is . where , I ,; was 'struck,
and \u25a0 the- newspapers this morning. stated
that" I was" struck upon J the solar plexus,"
rresponded the attorney. "I hnte .to.qucs-i
tion the mooted accuracy of the press,. but
your Honor's correction is cheerfully ac
cepted,; and I; would respectfully renew
my appeial for dismissal. Each of the de
fendants is pledged to abstain from as
sailing any of .the others or, any of the
attorneys in the case."
"I don't care much about what' they
say or do in regard to the attorneys,"
said the Judge,- "but before I dismiss
them, they must satisfy me that they
have become reconciled. Are they willing
to shake hands?"
"They are," replied Mr. Treadwell.
-^"Then let me see .'em shake."
Mr.; Gray and Mr. Hemple shook hands
and so did Mrs. Gray and Mrs. Hemple.
and then each gentleman shook hands
with the other gentleman's wife and
jyien Attorney Treadwell shook hands
with each member of the quartet, and
then Mrs. Hemple advanced toward Mrs.
Gray with evident intent to v give . oscu
latory emphasis to the armistice, but
Mrs. Gray was so unresponsive that Mrs.
Hemple changed her mind and looked
hurt, but managed to retain her smile of
amity. Then the Judge told them- all
to reappear before him one calendar
month from that date and tell him how
they had been getting along during the
Interim. . . : ' .-
Inconsistency is not one of the defects
of Cornelius O'Keefe's character, how
ever unenviable its other dominant traits
may be, for in the court o( Judge Slo
gan his behavior was in perfect line with
the disorderliness which . had provoked
his beng placed there as a defendant.
Whether his sturdy spirit of law defiance
will survive the long term of imprison
ment to which he shall be sentenced this
morning is a subject of debate among
the character students in the Hall, of
Justice corridors. Even money is offered
that he will emerge from incarceration
with enhanced respect for the law a^id its
machinery, but those who hold" contrary
belief are asking for. odds. . . ,
Mr. O'Keefe was originally arrested
for drunkenness, the complainants being
his wife and son, who averred that he had
imbibed to', excess and then terrorized
them by brandishing a razor and de
claring that he would carve them into
mincemeat if they dared to leave the
family residence, 29A Morris avenue,
without having obtained* his permission
to do so. To, make sure that they would
heed his desire, he sat upon the front door
sill and there, with razor displayed, did
sentinel duty ,i until" thirst compelled him
to relinquish his post. \u25a0 " * \\
When the Judge "had' heard ; the fore
going details, he ordered . that ah . addi
tional charge of threats- against life be
placed ; against Mr. C^keefe. who there
upon indulged -in -bluster to such extent
as to provoke the bench to command
that he . be booked also for disturbance
of the peace. '^Contempt of court would
have been added to the 'category of Mr.
O'Keefe's offenses If, the bailiffs had not
hastily . removed- him; for he was em
purpled and dumb with rage and strug
gling valiantly to speak when he van
ished.
It was a queer coincidence that led to
Miss Mamie Clark, a domestic employed
at '706V> Tennessee street, finding herself
a defendant before Judge Cabanlss on
the charge of: obtaining money by false
pretense. . ' *
The young woman was intrusted by her.
employer to get a 510 gold piece changed
into five silver and one $5 golden
coin, and she lost the latter and was
crying over. her inability to find it when
some small boys Informed her that six
year-old Paddy . Breen of 702 . Florida
street was its possessor. Sure enough,
Master Paddy did have a ?5 gold piece.
and when the girl claimed it he gave It
to her and in her gratitude she pre
sented him with 10 cents.
Breen pcre, , who Is a boiler-maker at
the Union Iron Works, returned to his
home that evening to find that a J5 gold
piece had been abstracted , from a pocket
of his best pantaloons, and Inquiry de
veloped the information that Master
Paddy had taken : It, also that it - had
been transferred by him to Miss Clark.
After he had sufficiently, trounced Paddy
the Irate father went to Miss Clark and
demanded . the coin, but she declined to
give it to him, so:he had her arrested.
The Judge said he believed the state
ments of both the man and; the girl, but
he could not lawfully convict her of hav
ing obtained the coin by false pre
tense,- inasmuch as she sincerely be
lieved it was the coin she had dropped,
a belief which Master Paddy, evidently
with 'an eye to "\ obtaining the 10 cents
reward, did.n ot endeavor to remove. So
the case was dismissed.
• _ • , • '
D. R. Blossom, whose exploits as a
forger of bank checks have beeniinuch
written, pleaded guilty to one such* felony
and was promptly committed to. the Su
perior Court b.y. Judge Mogan.
Rronnlnß ut the Columbia.
-There is special interest centered in the
promised performance -by Miss Eleanor
Robson of Robert Browning's "In a Bal
cony." There have/ beep Browning
"readings gi% : en in the: city and they
have attracted i much attention, but the
first really complete presentation of one
of his plays will hold ! the 'stage of the
Columbia Theater this afternoon, when
Miss Robson" will offer 'her artistic in
terpretation in the role, of Constance.'
Miss '\u25a0 Robson has made a name for her
self in this piece' throughout the . East,
haying- toured in Jit for an entire sea
son.- The performance will commence
at 3 <o'clock. : There wiir be, no inter
missions and no'one will 'be seated after
the rlse?of the, curtain. The advance
sale of. seats* presages the attendance
of a very large : aud ience.
. # \u25a0 — -\u2666\u25a0^^^ * _
• : - OTTAWA* .- Ont.. • Oct. 1 1.— Two ','\u25a0 Canadians,
one" named^'Orant',. of," Victoria,- and another
: named Findlay :of j Plctou. ; N. : S.. have been
reelased from prison at^Medvld . on application
of th<? Canadian .Mlnlsterjto |)ie-. British For
eign Office. -The men were captured -by;Rus
' sian .." warships J while •on board <: a .'Japanese
. sealer. v: ;'\u25a0. : '-.'I ;\u25a0 • .' "'. *''\u25a0 ' . .
,Murine Eye . Remedyf-An'Eye F«od;
Soothes and Qufckly Cures Ailing Eye*.* ,
. The first price Jn_ .
SALE WASH SUITS
That starts this morning. <S*%
All wash suits, lawn waists antf wash 7^*v!)
skirts have received marching orders >: L^rW
and are out to-day at new prices, '-^rfmy^lSK
ridiciilously low: , .\u25a0 SE*/fesw«BftB
The wash suits, first, are of percale,
white lawn, many of them pure white linen;
pretty shirt waist styles women will wear : t^M \f J§iC
as house dresses all winter and that will be Vvp®^
comfortable • for street wear on many days. . S^t ' l^v(
We 'have reproduced • one of them in the
•picture. .[li^i-Jr; Q^HWwM-
The first price, 95c. *A//
The next price, $1.15. '^||Piy
: $1.75 Suits at $1.30. - ilpik
52.50 Suits ' at' $1 .30. i#|VliP^v
$2.95---Suits-;at $2.00. • •- J® ll^fe^v
$5.00 Suits, at $3.25. . «SS|^^»
At some of the prices not ' all sires are^ /^l'M^ii^t^M^^^ l^
here. • \u25a0 W^ok^W'^^^^ > '
Some of the waists are soiled and mussed \ii^!>lfvt^)S»* -i^
from handling. \u25a0 ,'.. , , •<^^J^ L^^^ >^
We have made new low prices, not only to overcome the faults, bnt
to hurry all the suits out quickly to sell them all to-day if possible. See
some of them in a window. .? "f*
See the Wireless Panama Cloth ;
Telegraph Operate ™j£ gJS ™,k, k
A complete system (in mini- ..." *i.Oi> piece
ature) is in operation in the toy . I2 H C *?* *we cut *JJ e fi P iece - . Tt ' 9
' iij- • mer ne or baby wear and fine under-
store, under the direction of wca^ ,5C, 5C quality at $1.65 piece; 20c
Francis McCarthy, the boy in- quality at $2.35 piece,
ventor of the wireless tele- w f^ c gSSSS; ff SicKAidSSSIS
n v.»» A • neat checks and stripes for tidy
P"One. dresses and waists.
Messages are being flashed through '", ~ . . _. --
the air from one end of the third Big 17-lllCh Doll
floor. to the other — perfectly demon- . 2^, _
stratingr how messages are sent All I ir^CC^ri a*
through miles of space without the i\ll L/l tOOCU, «•»- *?vrc
aI W°onde I r7ui as .It is • interesting. j}t has indestructible body, fancy
Come and see It' to-day and ask colored dress, witn hat to matcn.
Francis McCarthy, to explain the Fj n( j j t on the third floor along with
principles on, which It is operated. aH thfi other Christmas doUs .
~ 13-lnch ' Doll at 10c: Cloth body
Made Veils 25C stuffed with hair, blsc head, patent
leather shoes.
V/t Yards Chiffon. /-T Jffl "fg?
designs in white, blue, brown,
black, white on blue, black on *= -£^ft*>ot> oood^*^
white and white on black, 25c. Market St., Near Sixth, S. F. -
MASONS TO CONDUCT
FUNERAL SERVICES
Half-Masted Flags Tell of]
Grief at Death of John j
I. Sabin, \ !
Draperies of black were placed yestar
day on the fronts of the buildings of the |
Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph j
Company all over the Pacific Coast and \
flags were half-masted in memory of j
John Ira Sabin, president of the com- ;
pany, who died Tuesday evening. Sorrow
was manifested by his business associ
ates at their loss. Throughout yesterday
callers visited the Sabm residence at 2SCS
California street, ana lef beards and mes
sages of sympathy for Mr. Sabln's fam
ily. officers of the corporation
that Mr. Sabin has so successfully man
aged absented • themselves from business
as much as possible, leaving the routine
to be transacted by subordinates.
In clubs, in banks, in social and busi
ness circles throughout the city expres
; slons of regret were heard. "Action of a
formal, nature, including the adoption of
appropriate resolutions, will take place
within a few days. \u25a0 Possibly some bodies
will act to-day. ;
After consultation by wire with rela- t
tives in the East •it was decided last
evening that the funeral services of Mr.
Sabin shall take place to-morrow after
noon at 1:30 o'clock at the hall of Golden
Gate' Commandery. K. T., 625 Sutter
street, to be under the auspices of Cali
fornia Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M.. of
which Mr. Sabin was a member. Inter
ment will take place privately at Cypress
Lawn. Cemetery. Later the remains will
be ' cremated.
The World's Beauties.
San Francisco has the distinction of hav
ing within its boundaries the most bea\i
tiful store in the world. It ; is simply be
yond the powers of description, a fairy
land of dazzling lights, beautiful paint-
Ings and flashing gems. The pleasure of a
visit will linger witli you always. Col. A.
Andrews' Diamond Palace, 221 Mont
gomery street, between Bush and Pine.*
Athletes Entertain.
The Olympic Club "athletic team gave
an* exhibition at the Youths' Directory
bazaar last night. This evening the
St. Ignatius gymnasium team will give
an exhibition for the same cause. The
tickets for Burke Cockran's lecture In
aid of the directory will be placed on
sale at Sherman, Clay '& Co.'s to-day.
Cash paid for all kinds of trading
stamps, cigar checks, coupons and to
bacco tags at Weimer's Trading Stamp
Exchange, Call building cigar stand. •
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Army of the* Philippines
Colonel A.S . Frost of fivanston, 111.,
was elected commander-in,-ohief. Col
onel J. '"W. Pope of . the United States
Volunteer Army was Colonel Frost's
opponent. .•
;, <J The ChtCßtritig quarter grand a
the smallest grand piano ni&de. and
. the most practical. Its tone quality
V ; » superior to that of an upright; it
occupies no mote space ; a raore .
attistic, and costs fia?e. if any. more.
<J The' Ckichfrtug v used by more
j musicians zcho knesxhan any other
- instruraciit .
' -Prict -SjiXJ—lhtl can be ananged
\u25a0 in easy payments.
16-20 b'Farrell St.
BRANCHES- S«n Jo«. AUm«k. Frf«o
To Celebrate Colnmbui Day.
The San Francisco Council of th«
Knights of Columbus will celebrate
Columbus day to-day by attending pon
tifical vespers and benediction at the
cathedral. Archbishop Montgomery
will pontificate and Father Mulligan of
St. Joseph's will preach the sermon.
Eight hundred or, more members of the
council will be in attendance. A double
quartet will sing Gregorian vespers un
der the direction of Professor Harri
son, and there will be elaborate decora
tions in, the sanctuary. Services will
begin at 8 o'clock, t v ~'-"j
jssS"rtj,sl • 'jj 9 J B \ -\
L. NEWMAN, i'resttient and Manager.
; 39 STOCKTOX ST^ -XEAR 3LVRKET.
TELEPHOXB 3IAIX 5522.
We Have but One Aim— To Please
and Satisfy Our C«stomersH-jTry V:
THIUSJAY, iiilOAY AMD SftUfiDAY
SPECIALS ,
Cvamtir Butter, 1%-lb. square.. 4o^^
?-lb. sqtiare 1 . . . \u2666 stfe
We guarantee quality and weight.
Minnesota Eksts, per doaen. . . . . .2Oc
Excellent stock. Xo C. O. I>. orders
._ taken for butter or eggs only.
Kona Coffee, per 1b . . . . .^. . . . . . . 20«
Roaat or ground. Reg. 23c. Cholcs C*vor.
Mannanllln Oltres. per n t SO«
Reg. 25c. No. 1 quality. .
Canned Sliced Pineapple* .15e
doxen ?1.tt.1
Keg. 20c and $2. Nice white- fruit In
delicious syrup.
New French Pruned, per lb 6c
Reg. 10c. Good sts». . /
Spaghetti and Vermicelli.
stnnll box 20ct lurse.. 35c
Reg. 23c and 40c -
Island Rtre. per lb 3c
R«g. Hkc. Clean, white and lars*.
Armour's White Label Lard —
"v* 3 5 to lb. can»
Special ...33c '55c fl.lo
Reg 40c 65c $1.20
Royal Halting Powder. 1-lb. t1n.*..30c
Half-pound tins .22c
Reg. 45c to 230.
Citron, Oranse and Lemon Peel, per
pound 15e
Keg. 20c. "This season's. -Tour chance
to stock up. '
Little Lady Brooms, special 33c
Reg. 43c. Examine at ator*.
Fnmlly Bourbon, bot. 80et sal. .S2.SO
Reic. 75c and $3.
; ned Raven Rye. full qt. b0t5....90c
Reg. 91 25. Remember that Rathjen's
whiskies are always reliable.
Blackberry Brandy, per bot sOe
Reg Ssc. Tour medicine chest not com-
plete without It.
Claret, per uallon .. 40e s
Reg. 30c. Your dinner beverag*.
Dok'* Bead Ale and Porter, nips {¥x
pints), dozen 81.30
Reg. SI 40. Rea4 Bros.' ; bottled \u25a0la
England.
&7i(Jßcu(a<\utm>
Vft}\ Perfect Fitting AffS
Ipc - - EYE / 1 fl
IV GLASSES
I 1 Broken Lensas rs« \j\
V^fJ placed 50c
-;|^iF'-FAyORITE
fl FOR WEAiiWOMEW.
PILES' ' PILES!
MAC'S INFALLIBLE PILE €X T RE^
''CURES AIX CASES OF BLXNtX
BLKKDIXO. ITCHING AND PROTKUD-
IXO PILES: case* of nyrny years' stand-
ing cured by a single l>ox: - price. 54
cents. A. McBOTLE & CO., DRUGGISTS.
504 %Va3hlnston St.. San FrancUcow