THE BEST OF THE SHERLOCK HOLMES STORIES
THE ADVENTURE OF THE
BNOBLE BACHELOR
This la the *eventh of a series
Of utorles by A. Conan Doyle,
drellnc with (be adventure* of
the famous detective, Sherlock
Holmea, up to the time of his
memorable struareta for life
upon the Switzerland ' moun
tain path with the redoubtable
Morinrtty. These are the orig
inal Sherlock Holmes stories,
\u25a0nd the ones which made Dr.
Doyle* tame. They arc entire
ly apart from the series which
recently appeared 1b the Son.
««r Call entitled The Return
of Sherlock Holmes."
(OepTTlcbt. 1305, by Banter * Brother*).
fHK Lord St. Simon marriage and
Its curious termination have lone
ceased to be a subject of Interest
in those exalted circles In which
the unfortunate bridegroom
novn. Fresh scandals have eclipsed
It, and their more piquant details have
drawn the gossips away from this
four-year-ola drama. As I have rea
son to believe, however, that the full,
facts have never been revealed to the
general public, and as my friend Sher
lock Holmes had a considerable share
In clearing' the matter up, I feel that
no memoir of him would be complete
without tome little sketch of this re
markable episode.
It was a few weeks before my own
marriage, during the days -when I was
still sharing rooms with Sherlock
Holme* in Baker street, that he came
home from an afternoon stroll to find
s. letter on the table waiting for him.
I had remained Indoors all day. for the
weather Had taken a sudden turn to
rain, with high autumnal winds, and
the Jeza.il bullet which I had brought
back in one of my limbs as a relic of
jg? Afghan campaign throbbed with dull
Je.-sistency. With my body in one
ccsy-chair and my legs upon another,
I had surrounded myself with a cloud
of newspapers, until at last, saturated
with the news of the day, I tossed them
ail aside and lay listless, watching the
iiuge crest and monogram upon the en
velope upon the table, and wondering
lazily who my friend's noble corre
\u25a0pondettt could be.
"Here is a very fashionable epistle,"
I remarked, as he entered. "Your
morning letters, if I remember right,
were from a lish-monser and a tide
waiter." ; V:'"
"Yes, my correspondence has certain
ly the charm of variety," he answered,
smilitif, "and tiie humbler are usually
the more interesting. This looks like
one ct th'-se unwelcome" social sura
iiiunscs vphich caii upop a man either to
b<* boreii or tc lie." ' _
He br wte ' the " seal^ and—* glanced "" over
the contents.
"Oh, come, it may prove to be some
thing of interest, afttr all." • ,
"Kot social; then?"
"Ko, distinctly professional." .
"And from a noble client?"
"One of the highest In England.**
"My dear fellow, I congratulate y— \u25a0
"I assure you, Watson, without affec
tation, that the status of my client is a
mutter of less moment to me than the
Interest of his case. It is just possible,
howevy, that that also may not be
\u25a0»\u25a0\u25a0 anting In this new investigation. You
*^«-v« been reading the papers diligently
' oi late, have you not?"
"It looks like it," said I, ruefully,
pointing to a huge bundle in the corner.
"I have had nothing else to do."
"It Is fortunate, for you will perhaps
bt ablt to post me up. I read nothing
except the criminal news and the agony
column. The latter Is always instruc
tive. Bat If you have followed recent
events so closely you must have read
about Lord St. Simon and his wedding?"
"Oh, yea, with the deepest interest." .
That Is welL The letter which I hold
In my hand i« from Lord St, Simon, I
'Will read It to you, and In return you
most turn over these papers and let me
have whatever bears upon th« matter.
This Is what he says:
'"My Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes —
Lord Backwater tells me that I may
place explicit reliance upon your judg
ment and discretion. I have deter
mined therefore td call upon you and
to consult you In reference to the very
painful event which has occurred in
connection with my wedding. Mr.
Lestrade of Scotland Yard is acting al
ready in the matter, but he assures me
that he sees no objection to your co
operation, and that he even thinks that
it night be of some assistance. I will
call at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and
should you have any other engagement
at* that time, I hope that you will post
pone it, as this matter is of paramount
importance. Yours faithfully,
- ST. SIMON/ .
. ''It is dated from Grosvenor Mansions,
written with a quill pen, and the noble
lord has had the misfortune to get a
smear of ink upon the outer side of his
right little finger," remarked Holmes,
&s he folded up the epistle.
"He says 4 o'clock. It is 3 now. He
•will be here in an hour." .
"Then I have Just time, with your
assistance, to get clear upon the sub
ject. Turn over those papers and ar
range the extracts in their order of
time, while I take a glance as to who
our client is." He picked a red -covered
volume from a line of books of refer
ence beside the mantel piece. "Here it
is," said he, sitting down and' flatten
ing- it upon his knee. "Lord Robert
Walsinsham de Vcre, St. Simon, second
son of the Duke of Balmoral — Hum!
Arms — Azure, three caltrops in chief
over a fez sable. Born in IS4S. He's
41 years of age. which le mature for
marriage. Was Under Secretary for the
Colonies in a late administration. The
Duke, his father..was at one tirae Sec
retary for Foreign Affairs. They In
herit Plnntaprcnet blood by. direct de
scent and Tudor on the distaff side. Ha!
Well, there is nothing very instructive
in all this. I think that I must turn , to
you. Wataon, for something more solid."
"I have very little difiJculty in find
ing what I want," said 1, "for tne facts
are quite recent, and the matter struck
me as remarkable. I feared to refer
them to you, however, as : L knew that
you had an Inquiry on hand, and that
you disliked the intrusion of other mat
ters."
you mean \u25a0 the little problem of
'&; Grosvener square furniture van.
"That is quite cleared up, now— though
indeed Jt was obvious from the first.
Pray grive the results of' your news
paper selections."
"Here is the first notice which I can
find. It is In the personal . column of
The Sunday Call Magazine
the Morning Post, and dates,, as you.,
see, some weeks back. 'A marriage
has been arranged,'; it. says," 'and /will,
if rumor is correct,' very, shortly take
place, between Lord Robert St.' Simon,
second son of the Duke "of Balmoral;
and Miss Hatty Doran, the only daugh
ter of Aloyslus Doran, pt, San.
Francisco, Cal., •U. S: A.' That is all."
"Terse and to the, point," remarked
Holmes, stretching his "long," thin' legs I
toward the fire.-* : > ':\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0• '. - \•.
"There was a paragraph amplifying this
in one of the society papers of the 1 same ..
week. Ah! here It is. "There will soon be
a call for protection in the marriage mar- .
ket, for the present ' free-trade principle,
appears to tell heavily against our. home .
product. One by one the management of
the nouie houses "of Great .-Britain -. is
passing into the hands* of our. fair cou
sins from across the Atlantic "An im
portant addition has beent made during •
the last week to the list of the prizes
which have been borne, away by .these
charming invaders. Lord St. Simon, who
has shown himself for over twenty years
proof against the little god's arrows, has -
now definitely announced his approaching
marriage with Miss Hatty Doran, the fas
£lnating daughter of a- California mil
lionatre. Miss Doran, whose graceful fig
ure and striking face,' attracted much at
tention at the Westbury House.festivit
ies, is an only child,, and it is currently
reported that her dowry will run to con- ;
siderably over the six figures, with ex- (
pectancles for the future. As it is an
open secret that the Duke of Balmoral :
has been compelled to; sell his pictures .
within the last few years, and as Lord
St. Simon has no property of his own. ;
save the small estate of Bichmoor, it is
obvious that the California heiress is not
the only gainer by an alliance which will
enable her to make the easy and com-"
man transition from a republican lady tox.,
a British peeress.' "
• /'Anything else?" asked Holmes, yawn
ing. .-•'\u25a0- : - • ' \u25a0?';-':,.':.'
"Oh, yes. plenty. There is another
note in .the Morning 1 Post to say- that :
the marriage would be an absolutely '
quiet one, that it .would ' be. ,at St. ;
George's, Hanover Square, that - only :
half a dozen Intimate, friends would be B
invited, and that the party would return ;:
to the furnished house "at; Lancaster 1
Gate which had been, , taken, -by . Mr. .".
Aloysius Doran. Two days later— that :
Is, on Wednesday last— there. Is :a curt.:
announcement that the ,:weddingr had :'.: '.
taken place and 'that :\u25a0 the • honeymoon 1
would be passed at - Lord Backwater's : <
• ---\u25a0'' •\u25a0'•:/. " ; \u25a0 '•- . ;
place, near^ Petersfield.. Those .are "all
the notices 1 which appeared before the
disappearance of the bridel" \u25a0'; \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'.
"Before ;the what?" 'asked- Holmes, v
with'a start. ** ; «-- \u25a0* . *
j "The vanishing of the lady.'/
; "When did she vanish, then?" :
"At the wedding breakfast."
, : * "Indeed. ' ; '-',This'-- is \u25a0•;\u25a0\u25a0 more/ interesting-.
than it promised to be;' quite dramatic,*
In fact." ' • •
' - "Yes; ' it struck ;me as being- a 1a 1 little
>out of the common.";' ';\u25a0'\u25a0
"They often vanish' before the. cere
mony, and ? occasionally- during ; the hon-' :
eymoon; but, l cannot call -to ; mind any- ,
thing- quite so prompt as this. Pray let
me have the, detSLlls.'i^m^jj^^S^fV^^
"I warn you. that they, are very Incom-;
plete.'V-;, - •". '- \u25a0 . . :.' .;;\u25a0 >, . . ',•\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084 ;- ; \u25a0'
"Perhaps we may, make . them : less so." ~
-'\'Such s as they, are, they : are: set; forth'
in ; a single article of ' a"; morning i paper,
of yesterday, t> which f- 1 1 will \u25a0? read . to) you. '\
It Is . headed, "Singular at ;' a'
Fashionable Wedding.' * <"'- 7 . -„'. \u25a0>: -~ j >;
" 'The .family, of Lprd i ßobert : St. Simon -
has been thrown V into - the^ greatest * cQn--.'
Bternatiqn by r the 'strange .and-; painful'
episodes "which -. have s taken "place * in - con v
':-\u25a0*..\u25a0\u25a0.. '**"-.
nection . with^., his- wedding.], The-cere
mony, as shortly : announced in' the papers
of "yesterday, occurred -on -the .previous
morning; ; but *it .'is ' only ; nowi that' it has
been! possible "to confirm 1 ; _the j strange ru
mors 1 which ;.; have .been; ? sb ; -' persistently
floating [ about.-^ln ; spite" of 'the -attempts
of J the; friends \ to^ hush . the matter up," ao
much- public attention ; - has r '; now/ been
dm wn." to ; 1 1 that .; no ' good pur pose J'can |be
served ' by ..; affecting , to , disregard what ; is
a '; commonvsubject i of r conversation. .
•V' -The •ceremony;^ which ..was ' performed
at ..St.' a Georffe's,";.Hanoyer.'-Sq'uare,"' J was fa
very • qule t one, • no* one being present - save
t&ex.' father :of thej^ -'bride,'.; Mr.' :f Aloyslus
Doran,; the ' Duchess 'of [Balmoral;,- Lord
Backwater, ; ; Lord Eustace and Lady Clara
\u25a0St. Simon j (the \u25a0>ybunger:>brother. and* sis
ter > of i the \ brid egro6m),*| and^' Lady/Alicia'
: . Whlttingtdn. :i -The X whole \ party. : proceeded
afterward ,to ; the chouse '\u25a0 of * Mr//Alqysius
Doran; j' at ', Lancaister|Gate, . where^ break
fast : had; been ; prjpared^v It - appears > that
some lllttle: trouble" was *cauaed«by.a wom- :
an, whose name has ;n6t. • been'j ascertained,
who endeavored | to" force her.^wayf Into : the
house -j': after • the ,j bridal ;' party,'? alleging
thatl she ! had 'l some; claim ;upon Lord 1 St.
Simon.* It "was ' only l af terfa ; painful ; and
\u25a0prolonged scene that- she was ejected by
the and \u25a0 the footman. - .The j bride,' ,
whbj had- fortunately* entered, the* house ;
.before^ this unpleasant {Interruption, had'
sat'.'dqwn" ; \ to \: breakfast^ with the rest,
when^ she i complained of a sudden^lndis
posltionv. and -retired *to \u25a0\u25a0' her room. •: Her,
prolonged I absence I having '- caused" \u25a0 some
: coniment.u her ; father :' followed i her, sbut;
learntdifrora her 'maid; that 'she 'hadiq'nly
conic Jup to. herTchamber" for. an- instant!
caughtiUp^n ulster andbonnet/and hur T *
I rled ,;'down •' to .the ' passage.'- . One . ; of ;\u25a0 the '
fodtmen^declared : that;he had^ seena lady :
leave the house thus appareled, but : had I
refused', to 'credit ;that .'itlwas'.his'mis-;
tress, ;believlng;her. to be with: the com-
Ipahy.' *^ On • "-;. ascertaining ••^jthatv \u25a0; his i
daughter V had ; \u25a0 disappeared.- Mr.'.;
'Aloyslus '/,.' Dorani >,: in : *". con junction •
with V.the. the bridegroom;.; Instantly*.' put^
> themeelves' . into g communication -with :
the •. and"; ; very.-r : energretic "in
qulriesv-v c ,being'^rriade,'-iwhich?\vHl t ; probt ;
ably.result'in a'speedytclearing^upof this
ivery singular, business. 'illpUo a late, hour .j
last "\u25a0 nlght'vhb w'ever, ? nothing.; had I trans
pired !as; to Hhe "whereabouts i of the 1 miss- v
ing • lad:v ; r There are = rumors \u25a0of foul \u25a0 play. v
in - the matter, • and It is said : that - ; tho po- <
A. CONAN
DOYLE
'lice .have caused the arrest of the woman
who had caused the orlginal'disturbance
in\the. belief that, from jeaJousy. or some
.other, motive, she may .have been con
cerned •• in . the J strange disappearance of
•the bride." s \
\. "And- Is; that all?" ; . v^ ,
I "Onlyone item" In another, of the
morning papers, but It Is a suggestive v
one." \u25a0 " • . \u25a0' ' ' ' \u25a0
"And that js—" \u25a0 \u25a0'. : .<\u25a0'.*\u25a0
'"That Miss _iora- Miller, the lady v who
had caused- the; "disturbance", has actu- v
- ally r ,b«en arrested. / It appears that she
was formerly. a danseuse at me 'Allegro,*
.and: that. she has known the. bridegroom
tfor J some years. | There , are no further
particulars! and the .whole case is In your
hands now— so far as it has been set forth
in ; the p'lolic. press." ' ' :
"And an exceedingly Interesting case It
appears to be. ' I would not' have missed
it for. worlds. ! But there is a ring at the
bell, Watson, and as /the, clock makes it
a few minutes after 4, .1 have no 'dqubt
that this will prove to be our noble client-
Do i not drc&m of going. Watson, for I
very ' much - prefer haying- a "witness,, if
only as a check to my own memory."^ >
\u25a0' "Lord ' Robert St. Simon,", announced
- our* pape boy. throwiriK, open the .door.
A pentlenaan entereaV;wlth a pleasant, cuU
'tured face, ' : high-nosed ]and \pale, ' with
something perhaps of ' petulance about
\u25a0 the 'month/- and ".with the steady, well
opened eye of a man whose pleasant lot
• it, had- ever been to 'command and to be
obeyed." His manner was brisk, and yet
his- general ; appearance gave -an undue
/impression "of age.- for he had a slight
: forward stoop and ai little bend of . the "
I knee's as he. walked. His. hair. too. as he.
\ swept off his : very I curly-brimmed hat,
was;' grizzled round the edpres and thin
upon » the . top. XAs to ; his dress, \ it was
\ careful- to the versre' of ; f oppishnes3, with
hlph • • collar, :t black .'? frock coat, t. white
: . waistcoat..' yellow V gloves.' patent-leather
.shoes, and 'light-colored gaiters. • He ad
vanced slowly into the ro«»n, taming his
'.head from ' left ' to ; ripht.: ana .«»winirlnff In
i his,' right; hand > the .cord which held his
eolden Jeyeslasses. \u25a0
, : ."Oosid-«lay,','Lord v Stl >si:nori." said
' Holmes.- rising: and bowingr.'t'Pray take
/.the brisket chair. .This is my friend and
\u25ba colienprue,' Dr. Watson. Draw up a'littta
', to ', the* fire,- and we: will talk this matter.
;over."r* r " : \u25a0 r '.;
'.'A; most -painful matter to me. as you
i can ; most -/readily." imagine, , Mr. : Holme-s.
*Ii have « been : , cut , to 5' the { quick. \u25a0::: I •under
' stand ., that - you - have "already .managed ,
several;. deUcato; cases of j this; sort, sir, ;
though I presume that they were hardly
from' the same class of society."
- "No. I am 1 descending." .
"I b*g pardon." *
"My last client of the sort was a Kins."
"Oh. really! I had no idea. And which
King?"
"The Kins of Scandinavia."
"Whatt Had he lost his wife?"
"Tou can understand," \ said Holmes,
suavely, "that I extend to the affairs of
my other clients the same secrecy which
I promise to you In yours."
"Of course! Very right! very right! I'm
sure I beg 'pardon. As to my own. case.'
I am ready to give you any information
which may assist you in forming an opln-
"Thank you. I have already learned all
that is in the public prints, no thins more.
I presume that I may take It as correct—
this article, for example, as to the dis
appearance 'of tho bride."
t Lord St. Simon glanced over it. "Yes,
It is correct as far as It goes." :
"But it needs a great deal of supple
menting before any one could offer an
opinion.. I think that I may arrive' at
my facts most directly by . questioning
you."
"Pray do so."
\u25a0 "When did you first meet Miss Hatty
Doran?" i •
\u25a0 "In San Francisco, a year ago.".
"Tou were traveling in" the States*"
"Y«s." -
"Did you -become engaged thenf*
"No."
"But you were on a friendly footing?"
"I was amused by her society, and 3 he.
could see that I was amused."
"Her father Is very rich?" % ; ".- <";i* I.
"He Is said to be the richest man on
the Pacific Slope."
"And how did he make his money?**,
- "In mirffng. -H» had - nothing a few
years ago. Then he struck gold. Invested
it. and came up by. leaps and bounds."
. "Now. what is your own impression as
to • the young lady's— your wife's charac
ter?" '
- Th© nobleman swung: his glasses a Uttfa
faster and stared down into the. fire.
"You see, Mr. Holmes." said he. "my
wife was twenty before her father became
a rich man.' During; that time* she ran
free in a ; mining • camp, and wandered
through woods or mountains, so that
her education' came from » nature rather
than from the schoolmaster. She is what
we ; call in England a tomboy, with a.
strong nature, wild and free, unfettered ,
by " any sort .of traditions. 3he is im
petuous— vol-ranic. I was about to Say.
She is swift in making up her mind, and
5 f earles"s ( in : carrying : out her resolutions.
Qn ; . the ? other hand, "I would not have
given*; her * the name- which I have the
honor: to , bear"— he gave . a little \u25a0 stately,
cough— "had not I believed her to be at
. bottom a noble woman.: I believe she la
capable of heroic self -sacrifice, '. and \u25a0 that
' anything - dishonorable .would .be, repug*
"\u25a0nantjto^hex^t^^'^ •' .... \u25a0:.' >-.\ ""'
• ' ••Have^youlherjpiatograph ?*,;.\u25a0 _ .- w
.-,— ;• vi^rought^hisi^wXGi ';. tOB^J- H»7 opened
traTlocket^gndishowed Jus -the f ulK face~<Jf
'a very'Uov^y^woman.VJt was not a pho^
: tograph,* bu*t an ivory miniature,"' and" the ,
artist had brought Tout "tho .full" effect of
the lustrous black hair, th* large dark,
eyes, v and .the "" exquisite mouth; .\u25a0 Holmes
gazed long and earnestly at 1L TheiP'he
- closed the locket and handed it back to
Lord St^ Simon. .
.. "The. young lady came to London, then,
and you renewed your acquaintance?"
."Yea, hrf. father brought her over for
this last .London season. I met her sev
eral times, became engaged to her, and
have now married her."
"She brought, I understand, a consid
erable dowry?"
"A fair. dowry. -Not more than Is usual
In my family." \. '
"And this, of course, remains to you,
since the marriage is a fait accompli?"
"I really have, made no Inquiries on the
subject."
"Very naturally not. Did you see- Miss
Doran on the day before the wedding?"
"Yes."
"Was she in good spirits?"
"Never better. She kept talking of what
we should do in our. future lives." "
"Indeed! That i 3 very interesting. And
on the morning of the wedding?"
'She was bright as possible— at least
until after . the ceremony/
"And did you observe any change in
her then "
"Well, to tell the truth, I saw then the
first signs that I had ever seen that her
temper wa3 Just a littlo sharp. The inci
dent, however, was too trivial to relate
and can have no possible bearing upon
the case."
-*'Pray let us have it, for all that."
- "Oh, It is childish. She dropped her
bouquet as we went toward the vestry.
She was passing the front pew at the
time, and it f.ell over Into the pew. There
\ was a~ moment's delay, but the gentle
man in the pew handed It up to her agaiu,
and it did not appear to be the worse for
the fall. Yet tPhen I spoke to her of the .
matter she answered me abruptly, and
J in . the , carriage. . on our way home, she
seemed absurdly agitated over thij
trifling cause."
"Indeed! You say that there was a
gentleman in the pew. Some of the gen
eral-public were present, then?"
"Ob, yes. It is impossible to exclude
them when the church is open."
"This gentleman was not one of your
wife's friends r*. '.
"No, no; I call him a gentleman by cour
tesy, but he v.as quite a common-looking
person. I hardly noticed his appearance.
But really I think that we are wander-
Ing rather far from the point."
"Lady St. Simon, then, returned from "
the wedding in a less cheerful frame of
mind than she had gone to It. What did .
she do on re-entering her father's hou3e?"
"I saw her in conversation with her
maid." -
: "And who la her maid?"
"Alice is \ her name. She is an Ameri
can, and came from California with her."
."A confidential servant?"
"A little too much so. It seemed to me
that : her mistress allowed her to * tak&
- great liberties. Still,- of course, in Amer
ica they look upon these things in a dif
ferent "way.'" '"
" "How long did she speak to. this Alice?"
"Oh, a -few minutes. I had something
else to think of." ;
."•'. "You did not overhear what they said?"
• ."Lady! St. Simon said something about
•jumping 'a claim.* • She was accustomed
to use slang, of. the kind.. I have no Idea
what sne meant." BSSHMfi -.
, "American ; slang la very . expressive
sometimes. And what -did your wife.'do
when she finished speaking to. her maid?"
\ ' "/'She walked into the breakfast-room."
"Qn your arm?" * t - • " .' r
, ' "No. alone. She was very Independent
\u25a0% in little matters like that. ; Then, after
*we t had sat 'down < for, ten minutes . or so
" she rose. hurriedly; muttered some words
of, apology, and left the room. She never
came back." . •
, "But this maid. Alice, as I understand.
\u25a0-- deposes that she west to her room. cov-.. red her bride's dress with a long ulster.
;jut on a bonnet, and went out."
"Quite so. And she was afterward seen
walking: into Hyde Park in company with
l'lcra Millar, a woman who is now in
custody, and who had already made a
disturbance at Mr. Doran's house that
morning." .
"Ah. y<s. I should like a few particu
lars as to this young lady and your re
lations to her."
Lord St. Simon shrugged his shoulders
and raised his eyebrows. "We have been
on a friendly fooling for some years—
I may say on a very friendly footing. SJip
used to bo at the 'Allegro.' 1 have not
irc-ate-i her unppnrrously, and she has no
just cause of complaint against me, but
you know what \u25a0women art, Mr. Holmes.
Flora was a dear little thing, but ex
(.\u25a0c-ecliHgly hut-he-aded, and devotedly at
tachru to dip, She wrote me dreadful
li tters when she heard that I was about
to be married: and. to tell the truth, the
reason why I had the marriage celebrated
to «ju;etly was that I feared lest there
niißlH be a scandal in the church. She
tame Jo Mr. Doran's door just after we
icturjied, and she endeavored to push her
way *n. uttering- very abusive Expressions
towarii my v.'ife, and even threatening
hiT; but I had foreseen the possibility of
something of the sort, and I had two
j.'olice fellows there- in private clothes,
who soon pushed her out again. She was
«iuiet when she saw that there was no
good hi making a row."
"Did your wife hear all this?"
"No. thank goodness, she did not,"
"And she was seen walking with' this
very woman afterward?"
"Yce. That is what Mr. Lestrade of
Scotiand Yard looks upon as bo Eerlous.
It is thought that Flora decoyed my wife
out and laid some terrible trap for her."
•'WeJl, it is a possible supposition."
"You think so, too?"
"1 did not say a probable one. But you
«lo not yourself look upon this as
likely?"
"1 do not think Flora would hurt a
fly."
"Still, jealousy is a strange transformer
of character. Pray what Is your own
theory as to what took place?"
"Well, really, I came to seek a theory,
not to propound one. I have given you
all the facts. Since you ask me, however,
I may say that It has occurred to me as
i>ossible that the excitement of this af
fair, the consciousness that she had made
co immense a social stride, had the effect
of causing some little nervous disturb
ance in my wife."
"In short, that she had become suddenly
deranged?
"W^ll, re-aJly, when 1 consider that she
has turned her back— l will not say upon
m*, but upon so much that many have
aspired to without success— l can hardly
explain It in any otner fashion."
"Well, certainly that is also a conceiv
able hypothesis." said Holmes, smiling.
"And now, Lord St Simon. I think that
I have nearly all my data. May I ask
whether you were seated at the break
fast table so that you could see out
of the window?"
"We could see the other side of the
road and the park."
"Quite so. Then I do not think that I
need to detain you longer. I shall com
municate /with you."
"Should you be fortunate enough to
solve this problem." said our client, ris
ing:.
"I have solved it."
"Eh? What was that?"
"I say that I have solved it."
"Where, then. Is my wife?"
"That :e a detail which I shall speed
ily supply." •-, * ;.
Lord St. Simon shook his head. - "I am
afaid that it will, take wiser heads than
yours or .mine." he .remarked, and, bow
ing In a stately, old-fashioned manner.
he departed.
"It Is very good of Lord St. Simon to
honor my head by putting It, on a level
with his own," said Holmes, laughing. '"l
think that I shall have a whisky and
soda, and a cigar after all this cross
questioning. I had formed my conclu
sions as to the case before, our client
came- Into the room."
"My de*r Holmes!"
"I have of several similar cases,
though none, as I remarked before, which
were quite as prompt. My whole exam
ination served to turn my conjecture Into
a certainty. Circumstantial evidence is
occasionally very convincing, as when ysu
find a trout in the milk, to quote Tho
reau's example."
MARGARET E. SANGSTER'S TALKS
Manual Skill Bespeaks
BRAIN AND BREEDING
Skillful Hands One Slsm of a
Good nrnin — The Art of Plain ,
>r«lns — Kinbroldery In the
Poetry of the Xeedle — School
girl* Should I. earn to Use
Hammer and Savr Intrlllgent
lv — Only a Lady Can Wash
Dishes Properly— Uoit to Do
Housework and Keep the
Hands Soft and White.
(Copyright. 1905, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
*»»•'. jr ANUAL training is simply the
/A /J training of the hands. Of all
I V I wondertul things on earth the
I hand is surpassing and superla
•^ tlve In beauty and capability.
Look at it. Four fingers and a thumb, an
open palm; what other instrument is
there so pliant, so flexible, so obedient to
Its owner's will?
Then, girls, as if one hand were not
enough, each of us has two. To tell the
truth, we do not make half the use we
ought of the poor left hand, which is
treated like an orphan child whose edu
cation is neglected, while everything is
lavished on the much prized right hand.
The fact is we all ought to be able to use
both hands impartially,, to be as deft and
clever in the use of the left hand as In
that of the right.
One sign of a good brain Is a sure, safe
and accurate method of using the hands.
You may fancy that It is very Important
for you to learn a good deal of science,
ever so much history, and ever so much
arithmetic. But, after all, it is just as
important that you should know how to
do things well, swiftly, thoroughly and
easily with the hands. You don't want
to be awkward and clumsy In using fin
sera and tbumb. People who are skillful
in the use of their hands are very seldom
larking in efficiency in other things.
Every girl used to be taught to do plain
needlework beautifully by hand. Before
the days of sewing machines ! no young
"But I have heard all that you have
heard."
"Without, howev-er. the knowledge of
pre-existing cases which serves me so
well. There was a parallel instance in
Aberdeen some years back, and something
on very much the Bame lines at Munich'
the year after the Franco- Prussian war.
It is one of these cases— but, hello, .her*;
is Lestrade! Good afternoon, Lostrade!
You will find an extra tumbler upon tha
sideboard, and there are cigars in the
box;" ' ;
The official detective was -attired in a
pea-jacket and cravat, which gave him a
decidedly . nautical appearance, and he
carried a black canvas bag in 'his 'hand.
With a short greeting he seated, himselt
and lit the cigar which had been oftercJ
to him.
"What's up, then?" ; asked Holmes, with
a twinkle in his eye.' "You look dissat
isfied." •
"And I fe«l dissatisfied. It is .this in
fernal St. Simon marriage case. "... I can
make neither head nor tail of the busi
ness."
"Really: You surprise me."
"Who ever hfard of such a mixed af
fair? Every clew seems to slip thx^ugh
my fingers. I have -been at w"ork upon
it, all day."
"And very wet it seems to have made
you," said Holmes, laying his hand upon
the arm of the pea-jacket. .
"Yes, I. "have been dragging the Ser
pentine," - . • \u25a0
"In heaven' 3 name, what for?" "
"In search of the body of_ Lady St.
Simon." . ....
Sherlock Holmes leaned back In his
chair and laughed heartily.
"Have you dragged the basin of Trafal
gar Square fountain?".- he asked. •
"Why, what do you mean?"
"Because you have just as good a
chance of finding this lady in the one as
in the other."
LejJtrade shot an angry glance at my
companion. .
. "1. supposf; you know all about it," he
snarled.
"We 11, .1 have only just heard. the facts,
but my mind is made up."
"Oh, indeed! Then you think that the
Serpentine plays no part in the matter?"
"I think it very unlikely." , ,; '
"Then perhaps you will kindly explain
how it is that we found this- in It?"
He opened hie bag as he spoke and tum
bled on the floor a wedding dress _ of
watered silk, a pair of. white satin -shoes
and a bride's wreath and veil, all/dts
colored and soaked In water. "There,"
said he, putting a new wedding ring upon
the top of the pile. "Th«re, is a little nut
for you to crack, Master Holmes."
"Oh, Indeed!" said my friend, ' blowing
blue rings into the air. "You dragged
them from the Serpentine?" .
"No. They were found floating,near the
margin by a park-keeper. They . have
been identified as h^r clothes, and It seem
ed to me that if the clothes were there
the body would not be far off."
"By the same brilliant reasoning, every
man's body Is to be found in .the neigh
borhood of his wardrobe. And pray
what did. you hope to arrive at through
this?"
"At some evidence implicating Flora
Millar in the disappearance." • .
"I am afraid that you will find' it diffi
cult."
"Are you, indeed, now?" cried Lestrade,
with some bitterness. "I am afraid.
Holmes, that you are not very, practical
with your deductionsand your Inferences.
You have made two blunders in as many
minutes. Tills dress does implicate Miss
Flora Millar.", \u25a0-; v ; .;. ; ' , ;- -
"And how?". : \, • ' .-y\ :•' \ ,' '
. "In the dress is a pocket.- In the pocket
is a card case.: In the;card.case is a note.
And here Is the very note." He slapped
It down iupon the table in* front^of^binu,
"Listen to this: .'lcm'.will see mfc when
all is ready. . Come at "price. F.; H.I il.'-
Now my theory,, all;. along.; has .been 'that
Lady St. Simon -'.wiis' decoyed away •by
Flora Millar, and that she, with confed
erates, no doubt, was . responsible; for her
disappearance. Here, feigned with her in
itials, Is the very note i which was", no
doubt quietly slipped into her hand, at
the door and which lured her within their
reach." r •-.\u25a0'.
"Very goou. Lestrade," said Holmes,
laughing. "You really are very fine, in
deed. Let me see it." He took up ,the
paper in a listless way, but his attention
instantly became riveted, and he gave a
llttie cry of satisfaction. "This Is in-
AoaA Imnnrtant " saH he."
girl would have been considered , either
well educated or. accomplished who did
not know how to make her own gar
ments with dainty neatness, who could
not darn stockings nicely, and who was
unskilled In the art of setting in a patch
and making old linen last after It had
begun to break here and there in thin
places. I think myself that to do plain
hand sewing with elegance Is a finer ac
complishment than to embroider beauti
fully.
Yet to be sure, embroidery is the poetry
of the needle. I have 6een In a home in
New Jersey some pieces of artistic m
broidery which arc fit to be handed down
as heirlooms, or to find a permanent place
in some museum of art. They are mar
vels of exquisite shading and coloring and
resemble the most beautiful specimens of
work with the brush. . :
I think I .hear Dorothy remarking to
Gladys that for her part she does not like
sewing and never did; that she has heard
her mother ray there Is no- economy In
making clothes at home, when they may
be bought at reasonable rates In the
shops, and that she for- one does not
mean to be coaxed and humbugged into
sitting down with a needle when: she
would much rather be doing something
else. \u25a0
Very well, Dorothy, you have the prlvi :
lege of candor, but Just listen to me, my
dear.
If any one of you girls is conscious of
a pronounced, decided and strenuous aver,
sion to the manual training which you can
get by learning the womanly art of sew
ing, then I advise you for your own sake
to conquer the aversion long enough. to
learn what you don't like.. I have said
this before In another, connection." I now
repeat that nothing is better for a girl in
the line of mental . discipline than reso
lutely to undertake and diligently to carry
through some undertaking which does not
much appeal to her. Every one \of us Is
stronger if now and then .she climbs up
some hill of difficulty and, seats herself
comfortably on the top'to view tlic land
scape o'er. Mathematics^ or needlework^
cither will do,. If we conquer our lazi
ness. ,
* • • - "-\u25a0 \u2666* .
As for other manual training, you girls
THE; SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAYS CABLv
"Ha! you find it so?" . .
"Extremely. , so. I congratulate you
warmly^'/V •
Lestrade rose in his triumph and bent
his head to look. "Why." he shrieked,
"you're looking at the wrong side!"
"Ori \u25a0 the contrary, /this ' Is the * right
side."":'- \u25a0'-..— — ;-"' ---.--v-:.--. , -
"The right side-? You're mad! . Here is
the note written In pencil over, here." ;
" f And over here is what appears • to,be
the fragment of a hotel bill, which inter
ests me deeply." '
• "There *g. nothing in it: I looked at It
before," - said Lestrade.-" 'Oct. -4, rooms,
Ss,, breakfast 2s 6d, cocktail Is, lunch 2s
6d, glass sherry Bd.' I see nothing in
that."
"Very likely, not. It is most important,
all the same. As to the note, it Is im
portant, also, or at least the Initials are,
so I congratulate you again."
/"I've wasted time enough," said Les
trade, rising. "I believe in hard work
and not in sitting by the fire spinning
fine theories! Good-day, Mr. Holmes, and
we shall see which gets to the bottom
of the matter iirst." He gathered mp the
garments, thrust them into the bag and
made for. the door.
"Just one hint,, to you, Lestrade,"
drawled Holmesi before his rival vanish
ed. "I will tell you the true solution
of the matter. Lady St. Simon is a myth.
There is not, and there never has been,
such person." * * ' '\u25a0'_. " ";" ' ; '
Lestrade looked sadly at my companion./
Then he turned to , me, tapped his fore
head three times, shook his head solemnly
and hurried away.
He had. hardly shut the door behind
him when Holmes rose and put on his
overcoat. "There, is something'sin what
the fellow says; about outdoor work," he
remarked, "so If think. Watson, that 1 1
must leave, you to your papers for a.
little." : \u0084- \u25a0,
.It was after 5 o'clock when Sherlock
Holmes left me, but I had no time to be
lonely, for within an hour there arrived j
a confectioner's man with' a very large
flat box. This he unpacktd with the help I
of a youth whom he had brought with
lam, and presently, to my very great'as
tonishment,, a quite epicurean little cold
supper began to .be laid out upon our' j
humble lodging-house mahogany. There
were a couple of !brace of, cold woodcock,
a pheasant, a pate de foie^gras pie, with
akgroup of ancient and cobwebby bot
tles. Having laid out all these luxuries
my twp vißitors -, vanished away, like the
genii of the Arabian. Nights, with no ex
planation save that the things had been
paid for and were ordered ,to this ad
dress. \u25a0 . - \u25a0„. -.- .;, 'v ;
Just before 0 o'clock Sherlock Holmes
stepped briskly Into the room. His fea
tures were gravely set, but there was a
light in his eye, which made me think that
he had not been disappointed in his con
clusions.- ,v -;. , . \u25a0
"They,. have laid the supper, then," he
said, rubbing his hands.
"You seem to expect company. They
have laid for five." .*
"Yes, I fancy we may have some com
pany dropping in," said he. "I am sur
prised that Lord St. Simon has not al
ready arrived. ;,Ha! • I fancy that I hear
his step now upon. the stairs."
It was indeed our: visitor of the morn
ing who came bustling in, dangling his
glasses more vigorously than ever, and
with a very perturbed expression upon his
aristocratic features. ;
"My messenger reached you, then?"
asked Holmes.
"Yes, and I confess that the contents
startled me beyond measure. Have you
good authority for what you say?"
. {'The best •possible."
•Lord .St. Simon sank into a chair and
passed'^ his .hand over his forehead.
"What . will'- ,the Duke say," he , mur- |
miired; '"^wh'ea he hears that one of -the
family rhas : oeeri subjected* to such jhu-'
' millation?" :\: : ' . Jv !
"It -Is 'the purest accident. I cannot al
low that .there is any humiliation."- •
"Ah, : you loolt -on these ; things from
another standpoint." -
; "I fail to see that any one is to blame.
I can hardly see how the lady could have
acted otherwise, though her abrupt meth
od of doing it was undoubtedly to'be re
gretted. Having no mother, she had no
one toradvise her, at such a crisis."
"It was a slight, sir, a public slight,"
said Lord; St Simon, tapping his»fingers
upon the table. '
"You must make allowance for this poor
girl, placed in" so unprecedented a posi
tion."
should learn to nanuie tools. A wen
equipped tool chest is as valuable a pos
session to a girl as to. a' boy. As things
now are, thousands of young women after
they grow up? will have homes of their
own, in which they will live and reign in
quite contented splnsterhood.. Perhaps
you will be : stenographers, artists or
newspaper '.women; by and by. living in
pleasant companionship with other women
like yourselves, without even a brother or
a cousin to help you along. There are
times when a;maa In the house Is a great
comfort, but if there should not be a con
venient masculine relative within call,, a
girl who' can use a hammer, a saw and a
screwdriver, who« can open boxes- that
come by express, and nail boxes up, who
can mend something that is broken \ and
do her own household tinkering without
outside aid,, will be a very independent
girl. -'\u25a0.;-: '''-\u25a0 \u25a0
The manual 'training class is supposed
not so much to enable ybu-to do'marvel
ous things in school as to fit you for
taking good care of yourself in practical
ways later ion in life. I am disposed to
Include under the head of manual trairi-
Ing some things that most girls find. very,
pleasant. Why should not a schoolgirl
ibe • taught to drive, to ride, to row and
to reef a sail? All the outdoor life in
which the hands play a part Is' better,
carried on by ~a young woman- whose
hands have been "trained than, by- one
who ' has given exclusive attention to her
mind and very little to. her body. '
If I were you I would care a good 'deal
about the beauty of the hands. They
should be well kept, but not so well kept
that their owners do ho useful work. For
instance, there Is washing the dishes— a
homely task which is seldom properly
done except by a lady. Of co"urse, . you
and I -take pride in the possession ~i of
beautiful china. In a New England farm
house.that I know there are Intact, not. a
piece broken, a cup nicked, a platter chip
ped.Vor any damage done 'anywhere, ;two
gets, of ancestral - china, j The china- was
brought from i England ; in the "early days
of the .Massachusetts \u25a0 colony, , and it has
been handed down' from mother to 'daugh
ter, in an unbroken line 'ever since. ;.
"I will make no allowance. -. I am very
angry, Indeed, and I have been shameful
ly used." • " •
"I ' think that I heard a ring," said
Holmes. "Yes, : there are steps on the
landing. If I cannot persuade you to take a
lenient ; view j of ,: the • matter,- Lord \u25a0 St.- Si r
mon,;l have- brought -an < advocate -here
who may be more successful." He opened
the door and ushered In a : lady and gentle
man.:! "Lord St.. Simon," said he, ."allow
me to introduce ' you to Mr. and Mrs.
Francis Hay- Moulton. The lady, I, think,
you have already met." * ' '- ;
At the : Bight ; of these newcomers .our
client had sprung from his seat and stood
very, erect, with his eyes ;cast- down and
his hand thrust Into the breast x 'of _'; his
frock coat, a picture of offended dignity.
The lady had taken a quick "step forward
and had held: out her hand to him, but
he still refused to raise his eyes. It was
as well for ".his resolution, perhaps, for
her pleading face was one which it was
hard to resist.
"You're angry, Robert," said she/ "Well,
I guess you have every cause to be."
"!Pray make no apology to me,", said
Lord St. Simon, .bitterly, v \
"Oh, yes, I know that*! have treated
you real bad and that I should^ have spo-'
ken to you before I went; but I was kind
of rattled, and from the i time ' when Jj I
saw Frank here again I' just didn't know
what I was doing or saying. I only won
der I .didn't fall " down - and faint right
there before the altar.'* • ~
"Perhaps, Mrs. Moulton, you would like
my friend and me to leave the room while
you explain this matter?" \u25a0
"If I may give an opinion," remarked
the strange ;seutleman, "we've had just
a little too much secrecy -over this mat
ter already. For my part, I should like
all Europe and America to hear the rights
of -it."., He was a small, wiry, sunburnt
man,- clean shaven, .with a sharp face and
alert manner. •* •
"Then I'll tell our story right away,
said theflady. here and *I met in
'84 in McGuire's 1 camp, near the Rockies,
where pa was .working a claim. We were
engaged to each other, Frank and I; but
then one day -father struck a rich pocket
and made a pile, while poor Frank' here
had a claim that petered out and came to
nothing. The richer pa grew, the poorer
was Frank; so at last, pa wouldn't hear
of our engagement lasting any longer,
and he took me away to Frisco. Frank
wouldn't throw up his hand, though; so
he followed me there, and he saw me with
out pa knowing anything about It. It
would only have made hinumad to know,
so we just fixed it up for ourselves.
Frank said that he would go and make
his pile, too, and never come back to
claim me until he had as much as pa.
So then I promised to wait for him to the
end of time and pledged "myself not to
marry any one else while he lived, 'Why
shouldn't we be married right away,
then,' said he, 'and then I will feel sure
of you, and I won't claim to be your
husband until I come back?' Well, we'
talked It 'over, and he had fixed It all
up so nicely with a clergyman all ready
in waiting-, that we just did it right
there; and then Frank wentoff to seek
his fortune, and I went back to pa.
"The next I heard of Frank was that he
was in Montana, and then he went pros
pecting in xirizoiia, 3 and then I heard of
him from New Mexico. ; After that came
a long newspaper story about \u25a0 how a
miners' camp had been "attacked by
Apache Indians, and there was my
Frank's name among the killed. I faint
ed dead away, and I was very sick for
months -after. Pa thought I had a de
cline, and took me to half the doctors in
Frisco.- Not a word of news carno for a
year : or more, so' that I never doubted \u25a0
tha- Frank was really .dead. Then Lord
St. Simon came to Frisco, and we came
to London 1 , and a marriage was arranged,,
and- pa was very pleased, but I felt all
the ;time that \ no . man on this earth
would ever take the place in my -heart
that had been given to my poor Frank.
"Still, if I had married Lord St. Si
mon, of course I'd have to do . my duty
by him. We can't command our love,
but we can our actions. I went to the
altar with him with the intention to make
him just as good a wife asjt was in. me
to be. But you may imagine what I felt
when, just as I came to the altar rails,
I glanced back, and 'saw Frank standing
and looking at me out of the first pew.
I thought It was his ghost at first; but
when I looked ! again there he was still,
with a kind of question In his eyes as
If to ask me whether I were glad or
HANDS AND THE HOUSEWORK;
HOW TO CARE FOR THEM
I— — - — ; — — — -f
Housework Will Not Harm the
Hand* In the L,enst— The
Value of Soap of Good Qunl
\ It y— Tight ..Glove* Exagger
ate the' Size of the If and—
• How to Use the Manicure
-.--. . Set— Hott to Remove Stains
\ —Avoid the Fashionable
"Handshake"— The Cordial -
. ' Hand- Clasp Better Than the
Kiss. „' "
f— \u25a0\u25a0' . \u25a0 ''\u25a0'-; '- *
(Copyright, 1905, by Joseph E. Bowles.)
r^f PRETTY hand", is desired by
f \ \u25a0 every;glrl.
r— l What is a prettyhand? I sup
>• I -pose we shall agree that it. is
one which is white and dimpled,
tvith rosy; finger tips, nice . nails and
small joints.' Large, obtrusive knuckles,
hands that are too thick and pudgy, or
too jthln and scrawny- to be sym
metrical,^ are not precisely beautiful.
But so far. as the size and shape of our
hands are concerned, we have to take
them as they come. We are born with
the hands of our ancestry, but the care
3f the ; hands is our own, and has far
nore- to do with keeping them beauti
ful'than some people think, I am dis
posed to the opinion that our hands
show character almost as unerringly
ye our " faces do, and ; I think the man
ner of uaing them and the general neat
ness or* slovenliness which their own
ers impose upon them are apt to be
revelations of the inward life.
;-. For Instance, -there . is . Amy, a rest
less, nervous and excitable girl, whose
hands are never still a minute when
she is awake. : She is always. clasp-
Ing and unclasping them, .taking up
books and -laying: them down,: fussing
with her" hair.; or her dress," and . show
ing in unmistakable ways: that she has
tio basts of quietude. in -her own nature,
rhere Is Lucy, ; who/ cannot -sit beside a
sorry to see him. I wonder I didn't drop.
I know that everything was turning
round, and the words of the clergyman
were Just like *the buzz of a' bee in' my
ear. I didn't know what to do. Should
I stop the service and make a , scene in
the church? -I -glanced at >him again, and
he.Beemed'tb'know^what »I was -thinking,
for he raised his finger to his lips to tell
me to be still. ;' Then 'l /saw him scribble
on a piece of paper, and I j knew that . he
was* writing, me a note. 'As f I passed his
pew -on the way out I 'dropped by bou
quet'over to 'him; and he slipped ihe note
into my,; hand .when he, returned '.me the
flowers. It was only. a line asking me to
join him when he made the sign to me to
do so. Of course I never doubted; for a
moment that my first duty was now to
him,} and I determined to do just
ever he might direct.
"When I got back I told my maid, 'who,
had known him In California and had.aN
ways been- his friend. . I ordered- her to
Bay nothing, but to get a few things
packed and. my -ulster ready. I know I
ougtit to have spoken to -Lord St. Simon,
but it was dreadful hard before his moth
er and all those. 1 great /people, il. just
made up my mind to run away and*ex
plain afterward. Ihadn't been at the ta
ble ten minutes before I saw Frank out
of the window at the other side of the
road. He beckoned to me and then be
;an walking into the park. I slipped out,
puton-mytmngs and followed : hlm. Some
woman came talking something I or. other
about Lord St.f Simon tcy me— seemed to
me from the little- 1 heard as if hehad
i little secret of his own before marriage
also— but I managed to get away ; from
her _and j soon overtook Frank. . We got
into a cab together, and away we drove
to some lodgings he had taken in Gordon
Square, and that was my true wedding
after all those years of waiting. .Frank
had been a prisoner among the Apaches,
had escaped, came to Frisco, found that
[had given him up for dead and had
?one to England, followed me "there and
had come upon me at last on the very
morning of my second wedding."
"I. saw it In a, paper," explained the
American. "It gave the name and the
church, but not where the lady lived."
"Then we had a talk as to what we
should do, and Frank was all for open
ness, but I was so. ashamed of It air that
I felt as If I should like to vanish away
and. never see any of them again— just
sending a line to pa, perhaps, to show
him Chat I was alive.' It was awful to
me 'to think of all those lords and ladies
sitting round that breakfast - table and
waiting for me to come back. 'So Frank
took my wedding clothes and things and
made a bundle of them, so that I should
not be traced, and dropped them away
somewhere where no one could find them.
It is likely that we should have gone on
to Paris to-morrow, only that this good
gentleman, Mr. Holmes, came - rqund to
us this* evening, though how he found
us is more than I can think, and he show
nd us very clearly and kindly that I was
wrong and that Frank was right, and
that we should be putting ourselves in the
wrong. If we were so secret. Then he
affered to give us a chance of talking to
Lord St. Simon alone, and so we came
right away round to his rooms at once.
Now, Robert, you have heard it all, and
I am very sorry if I have given you
pain, and I hope that you do not think
very meanly of me." ... • ' .-
Lord St. Simon had by no means re
laxed his rigid attitude, but had listened
with a frowning brow . and a com
pressed lip to this long narrative.
"Excuse me," he said, "but it is not
my custom to discuss my most intimate
personal affairs In this public manner." .
"Then • you won't forgive me? .You
won't shake hands before I go?"
"Oh, certainly, If It would give you any
pleasure." He put out his hand and
coldly grasped that which she extended
tchhlm. 'i 'M ~ ' • " It*
ii'l had hoped," suggested' Holmes, "that
you would have joined us in a friendly
supper.'' i
7 "I think that there. you ask a- little too
much," responded his Lordship. "I may
be forced to acquiesce In these recent de
velopments, but I can hardly be expected
to make merry. over them. I think that,
with your permission, I will now wish
you all a very good-night.',' He included
us all in a sweeping bow and stalked out
of the room.
"Then I trust that you at least will
honor me with your company," said Sher
lock Holmes. "It Is always a joy to
meet an American, Mr. Moulton, for I
friend without possessing. herself of. the
friend's hand, squeezing it and fondling
it as qne strokes a kitten, and near
Luoy sits Fannie, with a. yet more ob-.
lectlonable habit of handling every
thing she sees; objects of art, curios,
fans or other delicate things in other
people's houses, or in the shops, articles
meant to'be looked at, but not intended j
to be touched. Fannle's way Is sureto
render her persona non grata wherever
she goes.
George Eliot, describing Dorothea in
Mlddlemarch, says: "Her hand and
wrist were, so finely formed . that she
could wear sleeves not less bare of style
than those in which the blessed virgin
appeared to Italian painters."
If you look at some favorite picture of
the Madonna by Raphael s'pu wiir see
the sort of hand that Dorothea had. Such
hands can lie peacefully crossed in one's
iap, or, if busy with the pen or needle,
they still retain their feeling of calmness.
"It was all very well for Dorothea, to
have had those statuesque hands." ex
claims Marjorie, "but Just fancy j that
she had been in my case, and had dishes
to wash, beds to make and sometimes
pieces to Iron. Although I, am a school
girl, I .have to help my mother with the
housework, and kitchen work spoils a
pretty hand." I am aware that many
girls think just as Marjorie does about
this. I have even known girls who shirk
ed household tasks; and allowed ' tired
mothers to grow more tired instead . of
trying to ease their burdens, simply be
cauFe they feared to ruin hands of which
they were vain. You would never do
this, I am sure, you girls who are read
ing this talk. "*
While I_ am about It, let me caution
you not to wear dress gloves too small
for ; you, or that fit too tightly. Instead
of making your hand look smaller, tight
gloves exaggerate Its size. Gloves should
be , long enough to fit the j ringers com
fortably. arid . should '\u25a0 come up well over
the wrist. I am \ rather old-fashioned
and do \u25a0 not like i to s©# young ' girls .put
ting, on gloves, in public. • One's .. outdoor
toilet : should be fully completed before
one leaves the house. I know a school
am one of those who believe that the
folly of a monarch and the- blundering «n
a minister in far-gone years will not pre
vent our children from' being some day
citizens of the same world-wide country
under a flag which shall t>e •feiWgg
ing of the Union Jack with the Stars
and Stripes." . . ,
-\u25a0 • i •\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0. . n
-The case has been an interesting one.
r remarked Holmes, when our visitors had
left us, '.'because it serves to show ver>
clearly how simple the explanation may
be of anaffalr which at first sight seems
to be almost Inexplicable. Nothing could
be more natural than the sequence ot
events as narrated by thia lady, and
nothing 'stranger than the result when
viewed, for Instance, by Mr. Lestrade.
of "Scotland- Yard." ; ; \u25a0
"You were not yourself at fault at all.
then?" ' *' w'
"From the first, two facts were very ob
vious to me, the one that the lady had
been quite willing to undergo the wed
dlrig ceremony, the other that she had
repented. of it within a few minutes of
returning home. Obviously something had
occurred during the morning, then, to
cause- her to change her mind. What
could that something be? She could not
have spoken to any one when she wa3
out. ; for she had been in the company of
the bridegroom. Had she seen some one,
then? If she had. It must be some one
from/Amerlca, because she had spent so.
short a time in this country that she
could hardly have allowed any one to ac
quire so deep an Influence over her that
the mere; sight of him would induce her to
change her plans so completely. You see
we have already arrived, by a process of
exclusion, that she might have seen an
American. ,' Then who could this Ameri
can be, and why should he possess" so
much influence over her? It might be a
lover: it might be a husband. Her young
womanhood had, I knew, been spent In
rough scenes and under strange condi
tions. So far I had got .before I ever
heard Ldrd St. Simon's narrative. When
he told us of* a man in a pew, of the
change iv the bride's manner, of so trans
parent a', device for obtaining a note as
the dropping of a bouquet, of. her resort
to her confidential maid, and of her very
significant allusion to claim jumping—
which, in miners' parlance means taking
possession, of that which another "person
has a prior claim to— the whole situation
became absolutely clear. She had- gone
off with a" man, and the man was either
a lover or was a previous husband— the
chances being In favor of the latter."
"And -how In the world did you find
them?" _,
"It might have been difficult, but friend
Lestrade held information In his hands
the value of which he did not himself
know; The initials were of course, of the
highest importance, but more valuable
still was'it to know that within a week
he had settled hl3 bill at one of the
most select London hotels."
: "How did you deduce the select?"
"By the select prices.- Eight shillings
for a bed and eightpence for a glass of
sherry pointed to one .of the most ex
pensive hotels. There are not many in
London which charge at that rate. In
the' second^ one which I visited In North
umberland avenue, I learned by an In
spection of the book .that F»ancls H.
Moulton, an American gentleman, had left
only the day before, and on looking over
the entries- against him I came upon the
very items which; I had seen In the du
plicate bill. His letters were to be foi
warded to No. 226 Gordon square; so
thither I traveled, and \u25a0 being fortunate
enough to find the loving couple at home,
I ventured to give them some paternal ad
vice, and to point out to . them that it
would be better In every. way that they
should make their position a little clearer
both to the general public and to Lbrd
St. Simon, in particular. I Invited thtna
to meet , him. here, and, as . yoo see, I
made him keep the appointment." .
"But with no very good result." I re
marked. "His conduct was certainly not
very gracious."; ; . ...
"Ah, Watson," said Holmes, , smiling,
"perhaps you would 1 not be very gracious
either if, after all the trouble of wooing
and wedding, you found yourself deprived
in an instant of wife and of fortune. I
think that we may judge i_ord St. Simon
very mercifully, and thank- our stars
.that we are never likely to find ourselves
in the same position. Draw your chair
up and 'hand me my violin, for the only
problem we have still to solve Is how to
while away these bleak, . autumnal even
ings."
where girls receive demerits If they go
out \o walk or make calls without put
ting on their gloves first.
Every young girl should have on . her
dressing table a manicure set. This, con
sists of a small pair of curved scissors,
a nail file, an orange stick, a chamois
polisher and a little box of nail powder.
When about to trim the nails soften them
by dipping the ends of the fingers Into
warm soapy water. File the nails, first,
gently press back the , cuticle with an
orange stick, rub them with a little
vaseline and polish . the nails with
chamois. A girl who neglects cleanliness
in the daily toilet of the hands and nails
Is either indifferent to bathing and •to
the proper care of the body, or else her
early surroundings have been unfortu
nate. Observe girls, that a lady's. hands
may be rough and red, but they are In
variably immaculate. Clean hands are
the hall-mark of a gentlewoman;
I must add a word, too. about the cor
dial hand-clasp. Some girls have a limp.
flabby way of shaking hands. They really
have no grip. Others go to the opposite
extreme, and almost crush a friend's
hand when they grasp It. There Is a
happy medium in this, as In most things.
When you. meet a friend In the street or
at your home, it is very seldom necessary
to greet her with a kiss. Almost, never
should one girl kiss another in a public
place. The only exception is when
friends are separating. for a long time or
for a Journey, such as crossing the At
lantic or the continent. Then kisses are
in order. Usually, it is enough to shake
hands when one encounters friends or ac
quaintances, and the hand-clasp should
be warm and sincere. • - -.
Do not rush to fada in hand-shaking.
Several years ago there was a" fashion
of elevating a friend's hand in a rather
abrupt perpendicular way. which had* an
extremely. awkward effect. That style Is
now obsolete. In your, own home do not
greet visitors with a' mere stiff bow.
Offer your hand. You have, o" course,
the privilege of refusing to shake hands
with a person you dislike, or with one
of whom you do not approve.
"The hand of. Douglas Is his own.". but
one can hardly offer a greater slight than
to refuse or overlook a proffered hand.FASHINABLE GOWNS
Tt»e Sfew Shirt \Vni«t« Show
91 SA)' Point* of Intfre.it nml
I lie Xrrr (tor.ni Are Mntle
tit 11-i:ui«iimf Colori'ii Cloth,
TrininirJ With Kmtiruidcries
nnrf vj;;jr, | n Various Rich
Colors, IVltli the Japanese and
t*cr««lnn Tones IVtilomluatinc
AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
THE D-iches» of llarlborough,
dressed In a shirt waist suit, sat
upon the terrace of the Cafe Rue
de la. J'ais:. drinking: boer. So tho
dispatches said. But the truth Is
that the Dute drank the beer. while
tho Duehecfl sipped tea. Th« pair were
eot holidaying and seemed ridiculously
happy and remarkably well costumed.
The Duchess, from time to time, pat
ted the ekirt of her shirt waist suit,
which m of light-weight taffeta,
which blew In the breeze. And more
than once she t-traightened the little
fenther toque which she had donned for
fall. That the pair were smartly
dressed there would have been no Ques
tion, even had they not been sketched
by a fashion artist, who was on deck,
for a Kronen paper. •
The shirt waist suit of the Duchess
was made of watermelon green taffeta
and the skirt was "built" — as the
French say — on accordeou lines. Noth
ing could have been snugger at the hips
than the plaits, which were stitched flat
fully three fingers deep. And then
came tlie accordeon-llke flare.
The waist was on the shirt waist
order. 6tltched flat as to the yoke, with
a handsome flare across the bust. There
were buttons of blue enamel and the
dearest little shoulderette of soft blua
woolly Staff, one of the sort which you
can weave upon the little modern looms
\u25a0which some for the purpose. Then
there was a. bij; soft muff of the same
oiaterlal.
All of the new skirts are not ac
cordecm plaited, but a great majority of
them are built in this manntr, for the
popularity of the modified a.ccordeon
plaite<l dress is great. But one doc«
vow ar.d tl.on tt-e a gown built on other
lines, and it is with these dresses that
the fashion writer has to dual, because
they sire newer.
While in I'aris the Duke and th*
Dui'liess went bhopping a great deal
and usually upon the popular streets,
and here tlu-y picked up many a hand
some p'ov.n. The Duchess, who docs
not boMeye iv preserving: her \u25a0wardrobe,
but who i -urchiises new jowns in order
thut slit may wear them, was teen one
«ia> in a wry pretty smooth serge sown
In deep plu::i. It was called a "cab
govvi;." \u25a0
>Mu>( Have a Cab (ionn.
A cab town, by the way. is one that
!s. for ha i k wear. It is made of »ora«
light-weight, serviceable stuff like
serge and it is built upon th« most use
ful lines. It is good, whether one goes
in a cab or not. for it is a. utility dress.
One very becoming hack gown worn
by the Dnclieis — a. gown which any
woman rn!sht copy — was la a very
pretty Scottish troods In a shade of
walnut brows. It was made with a
plaited skirt, but thf. plaits were in
' verted and stitched almost all the way
to the* held. The effect was very much
like a killed skirt. The waist had threo
box plaits front and back and sug
gested in manj ways a Norfolk Jacket,
t>a.v«s that it wils fitted and needed no
belt. Around her waist the Duchess
wor«! p- bid silver chain, to which wm
attached a shopping bag and many
chatelaine ornaments.
It is rather umart these days to have
a handsome shopping shirt waist built
of black material. If you can succeed
In making up a black cloth waist so
that it looks dresay you will have ac
complished much. • The French dress
makers are making a. specialty of thesa
•waists and are finishing them in pretty
ways *o that tl:ey can be worn ir. the
Btreet. Made of heavy novelty tloth.
embroidered or braided, and worn with
v handsome fur or feather boa. they are
Indeed beautiful if one can manage to
make them sn.urt'ln style.
The blouse shirt waists are handsome
and tLe blouse pattern Is really the
most to be r^-ommended, because It id
most easiiy Jilted. Such a waist, nicely
made end worn- in the street on cold
days. c«irrios with it a. wonderful air
of smartness, tven though ii be nothing
but a cloth shirt waist after ull.
v It would be. simply impossible to be
gin to tell all the shirt waist models of
the year. The fall has brought in hun
dreds of new ones and you cannot look
übout without seeing something which
ha» never been seen before. "How
majjy new &hirt waists can be counted
In the stores this year?" asked tome
one of a modiste whose specialty Is the
made to order shirt waist.
"I have counted a thousand new
modela," replied she, "and 1 am con
tinually seeing new ones. They must
run up into the tt-na of thousands.
Each, little sliouider ornament, each lit
tle cape, eucii double fold, each broad
ening of the shoulder and each modifi
cation of the sleeves suggests some
thing new and out of the ordinary."
One of (be Popular Model*.
The new waists nbow this form,
and tl re are certain designs which
ere noticeable, among which may be
mentioned the waist which is made
with three overlapping folds. These
folds arc wide enough to take the place
of ruffles. The waist is composed of
three of , these, which extend from the
bust to the belt.
Mrs. Payne Whitney, who was Helen
Hay. the poet sister of the Hay family,
wore on her" arrival from Europe a
handsome French suit which attracted
Lie attention of all who saw It. The
length was slightly. more than walking
Uength ana the material was a heavy
Fren.-h Henrietta: The skirt had its
little stilohcd plaits around the hips,
whi. the foct had three deep tucks.
The waist was \u25a0 tucked across the bust,
three wide tucks falling nearly to the
wide dull silk girdle. The model could
be copied in deep brown for the woman
who wants a handsome reception dress
for fall.
All dresses are so pretty these days
that it is almost impossible to desig
nate them. It is very difficult to say:
"This is an ». very-day gown and that
is a reception dress." And when it
comes to the distinction between call
ing and dinner gowns the line is .still
harder to draw. All are so boautiful
that one can scarcely distinguish one
from the, other.
"I wear my gowns as I choose, regard
less of cost," said a woman, "and I am al
ways well dressed. Theft are all handsome
gowns. And I, myself, can hardly tell
the dtessy from the cheap ones. It all
depends upon the way Th which they are
made. And I lay *Jown a law that none
of my dresses shall be shoddily construct
ed."
It is a fact that all dn -~os are pretty
t- s year. AH se< . made with a high
regiird for vtyle and there is hardly such
a thing as a dowdy dress to be seen.
Even the liitle wool novelties selling for
a fchillin;? a yard are made up into much
smartness.
Pick Your Material Tastefully.
A very handsome little brown novelty
goods, looking something like a Japanese
cloth, with its tiny red embroidered fig
ure, was made into an Eton suit with the
Eton built on the French lines, with a lit
tle shoulderette and a very smart inserted
vest. The trimmings -were in cherry taf
feta and there were. ' some wonderful
enamel buttons.
Buttons do a great deal to help out.
One pretty costume owed its success to its
buttons, which were large and handsome
ly worked. The covers, were worked be
fore the buttons were slipped upon the
molds and a little mock gem was sewn
in the center of each. There was a girdle
to match, with a great handsome buckle
wider than "your hand in front, all curved
to tit the waist. In the back there was a
great round medallion. This quite made
the suit.
Knowing vwomen of fashion are buying
the neat little feather toques^ These are
in white. In red," in blue and in black and
they are large in the head and big around,
very much like a polo turban. In fact the
feather toque of fall has succeeded the
polo turban of summer. It is large and
round, high, yet flat on top, and It 1b
made of the most beautiful feathers. Its
price runs up to all figures. But you can
get a pretty one for about S3. though the
really handsome feather turbans com
mand the price of $25. And well are the jr^
worth it, for they never wear out?! f 'given
ordinary care.
It was a very extravagant New tfork
woman who came out the other day in
a peacock blue cloth, trimmed around
the semi-skirt with a band of peacock
feathers. Her toque was trimmed with
peacock eyes and she carried an um
brella with a metal handle of peacock
feathers. It was striking, pretty and ex
pensive at the sarhd time.
While hats have »»ereai.ed In size there
are many little hats, and particularly
are there many little cloth hats. These
are rolled around in turban fashion and
.trimmed with feathers. It Is possible to
match the costume to any hat. And to
do- this means to be well dressed.
"Don't make your hat of your dress
material." said a milliner. "It Is fatal
to. style. Make it of * feathers or of silk,
or of some other material, felt or any
thing .you -please. But don't'make It off
a' piece of you,r ' gown. It will kill your
haU L»et it' match in color, but don't
try to have it match in; material. That
la a rule to be followed always."
A French Sl.lrt Waist.
From a gossipy private letter, it Is per
missibl v' to ; quote the following line!
PHHF: - - \u25a0 '.•••'.\u25a0 •^ssg
THE SAN FRANCISCO -SUNDAY . CALL
written by a fashionable American wom
an traveling abroad: v
"We arrived in ; Paris Monday, with a
dinner in prospect | and [ nothing to wear.
Our. trunks had been delayed, and' though
I had a silk skirt which would do, I was
positively without a waist. My old pongee
traveling blouse was impossibleT ; In my
quandary somebody whispered to me,
'Visit the ready-mad^e shops and buy a
shirt waist.' ,
"Directly after luncheon I hied, me to
the stores and here I found shirt-waists
in' bewildering array. '\ Such beauties,
such artistic . conceptions, such . marvel
ous adaptations of color and style, and
such bargains. For twelve good Ameri
can dollars I \u25a0 could get anything In the
world I wanted — or so it seemed
to ma.
"But I soon found my mistake; The
prices ran upward into a -good hundred
American* dollars, and one beauty cost
$300. But it was a waist which was
trimmed with topaz of bewildering glow.
It was quite too good to go with my plain
navy' di ae taffeta sun-plaited- skirt, so
I passed It" by.
"What I ' did . find* was. a wonderful
black silk mull Waist, a" perfect dream,
trimmed with strappi.: *s . o» loose pink'
and navy blue; combined in a manner
that r .distinctly Parisian. Rose; pink
aiid navy blue ' ribbon were tied in
knots to'make a ladder down the front
of the waist and there- were beautiful
little bov/s upon "the elbow sleeves.;
Underlying the bows were little plat
ters of lace — I suppose you would call
them medallions— and upon each me
dallion there was a lot of embroidery,
with a deal of ribbon threaded through"
lace running all over the gown. .
"I bought the waist and found It just
the thing for, evening. 'Buy. a hip yoke
of lace threaded with ribbon,' -suggested
the charming saleswoman. And I
bought the yoke, attached it to my
skirt, and,. when I had added a pair of
shoes to J matcfa, I was complete; .
"My friend, who had a biscuit colored
cloth skirt— and who was in the same
predicament as I regarding, a waist —
bought a lovely biscuit colored taffeta,
trimmed with ruffles and ruffles of chif
fon, each ruffle edgedwith valenclennes
lace
"The only note of coloring was a lllao
turquoise blue thread running through
the ruffles. And there were dozens of
little turqouisc buttons. They trimmed
the waist down the sleeves, across the
front, tipon the «tock and over the
shoulders. They were put on in groups
of five and they. were so little that you
could only see; them^gleam. Of cou"rse,
the girdle had a great;turquoise buckle,
which made a. splendid. 'ornament* at
night." - - - ;
>Nctt .Waists Are Marvel*. '..
The letter runs on to describe \ the ".
marvels of the new, waists and. to sug
gest the various ways in which they': can
be used: "They are mado so. beautifully
and are of such variety," chats' the let
ter, "that^ few " womeii can resist them.
Unless 'one Is ' buying a handsome
trimmed tailored, dress one would' "do
well to patronize these waists, for there
NEW IDEAS IN LAMP SHADES.
THE vogue of. the lamp carries
with it the vogue of the lamp
shade.- Voluminous and lacy,- it
has been draped over colors, fr i
tastic, elaborate and expensive.
Artistic and beautiful it has come to
be. , The very nowest thing, in. lamp
shades. is both artistic and inexpensive,
and has the great . advantage : of being
adaptable: to any room and any 00-"
caslon. This is a -positive advantage,
for the Oriental lamp ; shades, beautiful
as they are, are out of place in many
rooms whose furnishings have no -rich
Oriental colorings, 'and the lace; and
\u25a0llkl'draped shades are equally inhar
monious amid the everyday surround
ings of the'ordinary "living room.;;*
: .But^the . new,: idea in lamr» shades
labors under none of - these limitations.
It' embraces every' order : of decoration
which/can .bo included arhong^ designs'
based oir natural 'motifs, and is suitable'
alike .for .the umo*C delicate -drawing
rooms and .; the'. most useful living* room.
-/.If' requires! simply • the use of .water
color, paintings .as .lamp \ shades, 'and
when,'"- water color, i floral? designs .are
beyond the 'purse or the; art", of MhV
lamp shade ! desiring, person then wall
paper* will N do. '-.', ' -'..\u25a0 \
: The hew.shades^are made in any pos
sible shape" ~;They/- t may *be * square.
is nothing like them under the sun."
There is more in the same strain, but
thlsis enough' to. show which way the
wind ! is blowing.
The new siiirt wal3t models have
many striking features which are not
only.tnotice.able but pretty. "I sigh for
the days ' of the old plain shirt waist,"
said a woman looking at the new mod
els. "The new shirt -waists are so elab
orate that they cost as much as a
whole gowrPshould cost."
"But," was the reply, "see. how much
prettier they are and in how many
ways they can be used. You can go to
a weddlmj In a ready-made shirt waist,
whereas v once you could hardly have
gone to a luncheon in one."
And this about described the situa
tion as far as the shirt. waist season of
the present year is concerned. The
new models are made in great variety
and there is no doubt that a good bod
ice, • ready-made and ready to', be . put
right, on, can be .found, for. any and
every occasion which nay arise In the
life of a society 'wo:.".an.
A rather pretty instance came to
light the other day of a bride who sud
denly decided to.have a handsome wed
ding. All her plans had hitherto been
for. a quiet affair, but. she, of a sudden,
became convinced that a pretty wed
ding would be much more satisfactory.
Her own gown had been bought, but
there' was no provision for the gowns
Of the bridesmaids.
"What shall be done?" she asked In
perplexity. "Wear leady-made shirt
waists," suggested one of the eight
bridesmaids. \u25a0 ";
"it was an odd suggestion, but the
double quartet of young, ffirls visited
one of the best establishments In town
and,; there, in the, handsome bodice de
partment, they ; found Just" what they
wanted.
Seven beautiful *-a:*-ts. all of pastel
pink chiffon, were selejr.d. .They were
precisely alike, - wonderful 1 things in
cloud pink -crepe de' chine. /The pink
which is the color of a pink cloud is
delicately pale and the trimmings are
of- pink chiffon, accordeon plaited, and
of pale yellow lace. The neck Is
-- : :'- \ ' •\u25a0 '
) rounded, - slightly sloping or exceeding
ly slanting.. . ' ' \u0084 .* ' .
They may- not. however, be ;. globular,
but .~ must present a flat surface or
series of surfaces.- no matter how slop-
Ing. The foundation consists of an or
dinary, shade, covered . with China or
some other equally thin and unpreten
tious silk.Sor it may be crepe or crepe
paper of a solid color .and gathered
slightly. , ,\
. . This fabric is fastened to the shade
at. the top and bottom in y regular but
\u25a0not ; ,very full gathers, as Is the case
with most foundation shades on which
a', fancy., cover ; is ;to be built. . , .
». If ; one\can paint in" water, colors -the
. next, thins: is *to cut out : of water color
paper a- piece : i shaped exactly^ to the
:lamp shade. ;. This"; piece" is then painted
'ma floral or. fruit design or in a design
showing, pompadour " figures, etc.'
'. 'After',' lt has been painted all the blank
unpainted spaces are cut out. Th.c. piece
;of^ paper Is: then' tacked to the^founda-;
tiqn-. shade * with . small " stitches -of sitk.
or \lt"ls ( fastened on'wtth gilt-headed tacks
or*' the clampsVused- ; to J fasten . several
sheets'- of "paper, together.- . '
In* painting a design on the lamp shade
it is, best* to' use .something^ -that: admits
of - a~ great deal of cutting 'out; for ; in-,
stance, bunches of grapes-, in" a .trellis,
roses clambering J over . a> lattice, bunches
of cherries ' with j their " leaves \u25a0 and < con-;
rounding and the sleeves are elbow
sleeves swept with lace ruffles. Across
the shoulders there Is a double cape
effect of shell pink chiffon accordeon
plaited and put on so as to make the
Immensely broad shoulder effect.
The sleeves consist of three big cr«p«
de chine chiffon puff 3. lined with crepW
de chine, with the puffs tied with pink
velvet ribbons. And there is a very
wide pink velvet girdle and a sash
with very wide ends that sweep th»
skirt. Nothing now Is needed except a
plain white chiffon, mull, muslin or taf
feta skirt, such as every girl has la
her summer wardrobe. Thus In a few
hours the bridal party was fitted out.
Getting a Wardrobe Together.
There are women who, wishing to pos
sess large wardrobes, are arranging for
handsome dress skirts. They will buy or
have mada to order a dozen handsome
dress skfrti. and these, with the help of
a number of handsome shirt waists, will
constitute the wardrobe. And a very nlc»
showing this arrangement will make.
"Tell me what skirts to get," asked a
woman of her modiste. "I find the shirt
waist and the ready-made bodice very
becoming to me. But I need a unmber of
handsome skirts."
The modiste hesitated. "Choose a va
riety and in all colors," said the modist*
pcomptly. "There is no other way to ar
range for a handsome wardrobe."
"I would suggest," said she. "a beauti
ful skirt of black mull embroidered in
pink roses. This would be made over a
chiffon lining, with a silk skirt under
neath. Have all the trimmings of pink.
This will do to wear with all your pink
bodices. 'V"
"Next have a handsome skirt of. blue
taffeta, trimmed with black flounces, and
have the. flounces embroidered in blua
flowers and vines, small but attractive.
Provide a wide blue velvet girdle, coming
high in the back. And see that you have
plenty of turquoise ornaments. This will
make a very lovely setting for your blue
waists, no matter what shade of blue.
"Have plenty of skirts." said the mo
diste. "This is quite necessary to remem
ber. Don't neglect to provide an abund
ance of skirts, both short and long, for
you cannot look nice if your skirt Is
dowdy." _
Advice which the home dressmaker
shauld heed
nected throughout the design by , their
stems, etc.. are very good. These all per
mit, of -many open spaces which can be
cut away, thus leaving the shade more
light i and open.
In all these instances the foundation
shade which shows through the open
spaces ia of the color of the design or
one that contrasts prettily with it. For
Instance, a design of green grapes on a
pale blown lattice would he made up on a
pale green or a white shade, an exquialta
design of cabbage roses In made up on
a pink shade or a green one. a design
of yellow iris is made up on a cream
color ' silk shade and •so on.
In , the case of women who cannot do
water color painting It Is quite possible
"to make thess'lamp shades of wall paper.
Floral designs, lattice designs and fruit,
designs have recently run riot In wall
paper, and It. will be no very difficult
matter to find one having the 'proper
pattern for a lamp shade. Care must bo
taken, however, not only to get an ap
propriate design but one as finely carried
out 'as possible, because since the design
must be cut out, perfection of detail is
necessary.
It is best to choose a design to which
a lot of branches, leaves, twigs, etc., de- -
•pend from the main blossom, as the effect
Is much prettier when a great many flna
temJrills,',etc, are cut out. It gives the
shade a softer effect and takes away from
the flatness of the stiff paper. ?THE PLUM TREE
• Tbf» in the last Installment of <;
"The Plunt Tree," Davtd Grm- i|
l:nm Phillip's latest novel. "The <
VI u\n Tree," ns !t« name might V
signify, I* a political novel, told <«
wilJi accurate knowledge of <!
lindfrn jxtiWlcnl condition*, and y
yet lnvci.<c«l vrith Just the right O
j»roportlon of love Intercut to v
n;nU.e an c-at<-r».-u;;!ji;r and tltor- >)
ousbly readable novel. jj
CcrjHsht. 1905. by Bobbi-Merrill Company.
1 SHALL, not retail the negotiations.
The u?t>hot was that I let the admin
istration drop the criminal cases
ssainst Roebuck in return for the
restoration of my power In the national
CGir.mittee of the party to the smal
leet ejected postmaster in the farth
est State. The civil action was pressed
by Ferguson • will all his skill as a
lawyer end a popularity seeking politi
cian; and he won triumphantly In the
Supreme Court— the lower Federal court
<nith its Power Trust Judge had added
to his triumph by deciding against him.
Roebuck wa«, therefore, under the ne
cessity of going through the customary
forms or outward obedience to the Su
preme Court's order to him to dissolve-
He had to get at huge expense, and to
carry out at huger, a plan of organiza
tion.
Though he was glad enough to escape
thus lightly, he dissembled his content
and grumbled go loudly that Burbank's
fears were roused and arrangements
were made to placate him. The scheme
adopted was, I believe, suggested by
Vice President Howard, as shrewd and
cynical a rascal as ever lived In the
mire without getting smutch or eplash
upon his fine linen of respectability.
For several years there had been a
Ftrorijr popular demand for a revision of
the tariff. The party had promised to
yield, but had put off redeeming its
promise. Kow there arose a necessity
for revising the tariff In the Interest of
"the interests." Some of the schedules
vi ere 100 low; others protected articles
which the interests v.-anted as free raw
material? ; a few could be abolished with
out offending any large interests and
with the effect of punishing some small
ones that had be«n niggard In contribut
ing to the "campaign fund" which maiji
lains the standing army of political work
ers and augments it whenever a battle
is on. Accordingly a revision of the tariff
wa« in progress. To soothe Roebuck, they
save him a tariff schedule that would
rr.a ble him to collect each year more
than the total of the extraordinary ex
penses to which I had put him. Roe
buck "forgave" me; and I really forgave
Burbank.
But I washed my hands of his admin
istration. Not only did I actually stand
aloof, but also J disassociated myself
from it in the public mind. When the
crash should come, as come it must with
such men at the helm, I wished to be
in a position successfully to take full
charge for the work of repair.
CHAPTER XXXII.
A (Vlance Behind the Mask of Grandenf.
Not until late in the spring of his »ec
on'J y«ar did Burbank find a trace of gall
in ids wine.
From the night of his election parasites
and plunderers and agents of plunderers
had imprisoned him in the usual Presi
dential fool's paradise. The organs of the
interests and their Congressional hench
men praised everything he did; I and my
group of Congressmen and my newspa
pers, as loyal partisans, bent firet of all
upon regularity,- were silent where we did
not praise also. But the second year of
a President's nrst term is the beginning
of frank, if guarded, criticism of him
from his own side. For it is practically
his last year of venturing to exercise any
real official power. The selection of dele
gates to the party's national convention,
to which a President must submit him
self for leave to resubmit himself to the
people, is well under way before the- end
of his third year; and direct and active
preparations for it must begin long in ad
vance.
Late In that second spring Burbank
maiie a tour of the country, to give the
people the pleasure of seeing their great
man, to give himself the pleasure of their
admiration, and to help on the Congres
sional campaign, the result of which
would be the preliminary popular verdict
upon his administration. The thinness of
the crowds, the feebleness of the enthusi
eem. the newspaper sneers and flings at
that oratory once hailed as a model of
tflgnity and eloquence— even he could not
accept the smooth explanations of his
flatterers. And in November came the
party's memorable overwhelming defeat
reducing our majority in the Senate from
twenty to six, and substituting for our
majority of ninety-three in the House an
opposition majority of sixty-seven.
I talked with, him early In January and
was amazed that, while he appreciated
the public anger against the party, he
still believed himself personally popular.
"There Is a lull in prosperity," said
he, "and the people are peevish."
goon, however, by a sort of endosmosis
to which the densest vanity is some
what subject, the truth began to »eep
through and to penetrate into him.
He became friendlier to me, solicitous
toward spring 11 — but he clung none the
less tightly to jGoodrich. The full
awakening came in his third summer
when the press and the politicians of
the party began openly to discuss the
next year's nomination and to -speak of
him as if he were out of the running.
He was spending the hot months on
the Jersey coaet, the flatterers still
swarming about him and still aseidu
oui. but their flatteries falling upon
ever deafer ears as his mind riveted
upon the hair-suspended sword. In
early September he invited me to visit
him — ray first Invitation of that kind
in two year* and a half. We had three
interviews before lie could nerve him
self to brush aside the barriers be
tween him and me.
"I am abotlt to get together my
friends with a view to next year," said
he through an uneasy emile. "What
do you think of the prospects?" .;
"What <io your friends say?" I asked.
"Oh, of course, I am assured of v. re
nomination — " He paused and his look
at me made the confident affirmation a
dubious question.
" Yes," said 1.
"And — don't you think my record has
made me strong?" he went on nerv
ously.
"Strong — Y/ilh .whom ?" said I.
He was silent. Finally he laid his
lA*nd on my kne« — v.c were taking the
nir on the ocean drive. "Harvey," he
snid, "I can count on you?" '
I shook my head. "I sliall.take.no
part In the m.-xt campaign," I said. "I
rhall rvsisn the chairmanship." \ -
"Uut. I bare Be'lectt-df you as my
chairman. I have insisted -on you. - I
can't trivet any one else. I no**d others,
I use others, but I trust only you."
I shook my head. "I shall resign,"
I repeated. "What's the matter —
won't Goodrich take the place?"
He looked away. "1 have not seri
ously thought of any one but you," he
said reproachfully.
I happened to know % that thft
place had been offered to Good
rich . and that he had declined it,
protesting that I, a Western man, must
not be disturbed when the West was
vltnl to the party's success. "My reso
lution is fixed," said I.' *
A long silence, then: "Sayler, have
you heard anything of an attempt to
defeat me for the nomination?"
"Goodrich hps decided to nominate
Governor Riugeway of Illinois," said I.
He blanched and had to moisten his
dry, wrinkled lips several times before,
he could speak. "A report of that na
ture reached me last Thursday," he
went on. "For some time I have been '.
perplexed by the Ridgeway talk In
many of our organs. I have questioned
Goodrich about it — and — I must say— .
his explanations are not — not wholly
satisfactory." \
1 glanced at him and had instantly
to glance away, so plainly was I show
ing my pity. He was not hiding him
self from me now. He looked old and
tired and »iek — not mere sickness <of
body, but that mortal sickness of the
mind and heart which kills a \u25a0 man,
often years before his body dies.
"I have come to the conclusion that
you .were right about Goodrich,. Sayler.
I am glad that I took your advice and
never trusted him. I think you and. I i
together will be too strong for him."
"You are going to seek a renomina
tlon?" I asked. , .-. . "
He looked at me in genuine astonish
ment. "It is impossible, that the party •
should refuse me." he said.
I was eilent. .
"Be frank with me, Sayler," -he ex
claimed at last. "Be frank. Be my
friend, your own old'self."
"As frank 'and as friendly as you
have been?" eaid I, rather to^ remind
myself than to reproach him. .-For I
was afraid of the. reviving feeling of
former years — the-liking for his per-
sonal charms and virtues, the forbear
ance toward, that weakness which he
could no more change than he could
change the color of hijs eyes. His moral
descent had put no clear markings
upon his po»e. On the contrary, he had
grown in dignity through the custom
of deference. The people passing
us looked . admiration at him,
had a new sense of the eleva
tion of the Presidential -office.
Often it takes the trained and searching
eye to detect in the majestic facade the
evidences that the palace hag degener
ated into a rookery for pariahs.
"I have done what I thought for the
best," he answered, never more .direct
and manly In manner. - "I have always
been afraid, been on guard, lest my per
sonal fondness for you should betray me
into yielding to you when I ought not.
Perhaps I have erred at tim« 3, have
leaned backward in my anxiety to be
fair. But I had and have no fear of your
not understanding. Our friendship is too
long established, too well founded." Ami
I do not doubt that he believed himself;
the capacity for eelf-deception is rarely
short of the demands upon it. -
"It's unfortunate — " I began. I was
going to say it was unfortunate that no
such anxieties had ever restrained him
from yielding to Goodrich. But I* hadn't
the heart. Instead. I finished my sen
tence with: "However, It's idle to hold
a post-mortem on thlf case The cause
of death is unimportant. The fact of it
is sufficient. No doubt j r ou did the best
you could, Mr. President."
My manner was that of finality. It for
bade further discussion. He abandoned
the finesse of negotiation.
"Harvey, I ask you, as a. personal
favor, to help me through this crisis,"
he said. "I ask you, my friend and my
dead wife's friend."
No depth too low, no sentiment too
sacred! Anger whirled up in me against
this miserable, shortsighted self-seeker
who had brought to a climax of spolia
tion my ylana to guide th* strong in
developing the resources of the country.
And I turned upon him. Intending to
overwhelm him with the truth about his
treachery, about his attempts to destroy
me. For I- was now safe from his and
Goodrich's 'vengeance — they had destroyed'
themselves with the people and with the
party. But a glance at him and— how
cpuld I Etrike a man stretched in agony
upon his deathbed? "If 1 could help you,
I would," said I.
"You— you' and I together can get a
convention that will nominate me," he
urged, hope and fear jostling each other
to look pleadingly at me from his
eycß.
•'Possibly," I said- "But— of what use
would that hp?" '
He sank back in the carriage, yellow
white and with tremblinp hands and eye
lids. "Then you don't think I could be
elected?"- he asked in a broken, breath
less way.
For ' answer I. could only shake my
head. "No matter who is tho nominee."
I went on after a moment, "our party
can't win." I half-yielded to the impulse
of sentimentality and turned to him ap-
DAVID GRAHAM
PHILLIP
pealingly. "James," said I, "why don't
you— right away— before the country sees
you are to bo denied , a renomination—
publicly announce that you won't take it
in any circumstances? Why don't you
devote the rest of your, term to regaining
your lost— popularity? Every, day has its
throrrgs of opportunities for the man in'
the White House. Break ' boldly j and
openly with Goodrich and his crowd."
I saw. and read the change in his;face.
My advice about the nomination straight
way closed his mind against me. At the
mention of. Goodrich his old .notion of my
Jealousy revived. And 'l saw, too, ; that
contact" with and use of. and subservience
to corruption had so corrupted him, that
he no longer had any' faith in any,meth
od, not corrupt. All in' an instant^ l real-,
ized the full folly of what I was doing. 1
felt confident that by pursuing the line'
I had indicated ho could; so change fhe
situation in the next few months, that he
would- make it impossible for them to re
fuse to . rehominate; him— might; make it
possible for him tohe elected. But even
if he had the * wisdom ' to '", listen, .where
would he get the" courage and thassteud- 1
fastness to act? . I gave ; him up finally,
and forever. - . . .---•'.. '
-A man may lo^e^hls own character and
still survive, and even go far. ;But if, je
lose belief in character as a . force,"' he >is
damned. ' He could not survive in a com-;
munlty of scoundrels. i;- t -: ;\ ; ' '\u25a0'•
Burbank sat \u25a0 motionless and with closed
eyes for a long time.-'lrwatched thepeo-j,
pie in the . throng) o£; carriages— hundreds
of faces all turned' toward him: ail' show-
THE SAN- FRA NCISCO SUNDAY GALL.
ing that mingled admiration, envy and
awe which humanity gives its exalted
greats "The President! The President!"
I heard every "few yards in excited un
dertones. Andhats were lifting, and once
a, crowd of enthusiastic partisans raised
a cheer. '
"The President!" 'I ' thought, with
mournful irony. And I glanced at him.
Suddenly he was transformed by an ex
pression the \u25a0 most frightful I have ever
seen. 'It was the , look of a despairing,
weak, .vicious thing,' cornered, giving bat
tle 1 for its life— like a fox at bay before a
pack of huge dogs*. It- was not Burbank
—no, he was wholly.- unlike that. It was
Burbank's ambition, ; interrupted at Its
meal by the relentless, sure-aiming j hun
ter, , Fate. *, ; .', .'. ' , .\u25a0\u25a0 ;. -. '
"For God's sake, Burbank!" I exclaim
ed. "All 1 these people .are watching us."
"To hell with them!" he ground out. \u25a0•'I
t^llyou, Sayler. I will be nominated! And
elected, too.* by., God! I, will- , not ,be
thrown aside llke'an emptied orange skin.
I ,'will'. show them' that ,I; am; President."
Those words, ; said , by. some : men, in
some tones,-. would have thrilled me. :' Said
by. him .and j| in that "•-'tone ; and "with - thi» t
look.- they made me shudder \ and : shrink.;
Neither, -of ; us \ spoke again. When he
dropped • me' a.t -my : . hotel j'we T ~ touched
hands and. smiled formally.- "for.- appear
ances before tlie -saplng; peeping,* peering
crowd.' Airfl .'as he . drove' away, inowy they
cheered; him— the" man [ risen 'higlK above
eighty mlliioris/ alone "on " the : mountain
peak;.in;,the "glorious sunshine of success.
The President! \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'/, .:'...::,... 'ci'X ? V-
The next seven months. were months of
turmoil in the party and in the country—
a turmoil of which I was a silent specta
tor, conspicuous by my silence. Burbank,
the deepest passions of his nature iam
pant, had burst -through the meshes, of
partisanship' and the meshes of social and
personal intimacies j in which he, as a
"gpod party man"' and as the father tt
children with social aspirations and es
the worshiper of wealth and respecta
bility, was" entangled; and bound down;
with the desperate courage that comes
from fear, of destruction he was trying to
save himself.
But . his only available instruments
were all either j Goodrich men or otner
kinds of .machine-men; they' owed
nothing to him. they . had noth
ing to fear ' from him— a . fallfns
king',, is • , &\u25a0'-. .fallen; king. \ Every
project ' he •. devised . "for . striking'
down hit traitor friends and making
himself popular was subtly turned by his
Cabinet, or: by. the' Senate, or by the
press, or. by. all :- three, into something'
futile and ridiculous or contemptible. It
was a demonstration of the
silliness of ,the fiction that the President
could "foe an. autocrat 'if he chosel g Even
had' Burbank seen through the fawnings
and; the flatteries i of the tr*.itoTs round
him arid dismisfle.d his Cabinet,'. whatever '
men he ; might put' into 'It would
not i have- attached ? themselves to his lost
cause,, but would have; used ." their post- ;
tions-to ingratiate; themselves with thi?
power; that, had used, and, exhausted and
discarded, him. ': ; V , *. "" v-;
He had the wisdom, or the timidity, to
proceed always with caution and safe
legality and so "to avoid Impeachment
and degradation. Ills chief attempts
were, naturally. . upon monopoly; they
were slyly balked by h!s sly Attorney
General, and their failure was tailed -by
the press and was. believed by the people,
the cause of the- hard- times which were
Just beginning to" be acute. What made
him such an easy victim to 'his lieuten
ants was not t their craft, , but ths fact
that he had lost his. sense of right and
wrong. A man -of affairs-m ay not. in
deed will not. always steer by that com-"
pass: but he mu3t have it aboard.' With
out it he can not know how far off
the course he Is, or how to get. back to
it. No ship- ever reached any port ex
cept that of failure' and disgrace, unless
It, in spite, of all its tackings before the
cross winds of practical life, kept in the
main to : the compass and to the course.
His -last stagger was-^or seemed to be
an attempt to involve us in a war with
Germany. I say "seemed to be" because
I 'hesitate,' to 'ascribe .a project as in
famous to "him. even, when unbalanced
by despair." The • lirst ugly dispatch he
ordered his Goodrich Secretary of, State
to send, somehow leaked to the news- \
papers* before It could be put into cipher
for transmission. . It ' was npt . sent— for
from the press of the. en tire country rose
a clamor against "deliberate provocation
of a- nation with which we are, and wish
to remain, at peace.". He repudiated the
dispatch and dismissed the Secretary of
State ,in disgrace to disgrace— the
one stroke in his fight against
Goodrich in which he got the advant
age. But that advantage, was • too
small, too doubtful- and too late.
His name was not presented to the
convention. '.-r
CHAPTER XXXin.
A "Spasm of Virtue."
I forced upon Goodrich my place as
chairman of the national committee
and went abroad with my daughters.
As s^on as the election was over our
people began to cable me to come home
and take charge. But I waited until
Woodruff and my; other faithful lieu
tenants had thoroughly convinced all
the officers of the machine now
desperate its plight was. and that
I alone - could repair and restore,
and that I could do it only If absolute
control were given me. .
A week or so "after I resumed the chair
manship Scarborough. invited me to lunch
alone with him at the White House.
When I had seen him four years before,
just after, his defeat, he was. in high
spirits and looked a youth. Now it de
pressed me, but gave . me no surprise to
find him worn and overcast by that tragic
sadness which canopies every one of the
seats of the mighty. "I fear, Mr. Presi
dent," said I. "you are hndlng the men
who will help you to carry out your ideas
as rare as I once warned you they were."
"Not rare," was his answer, "but hard
to get at through ' the throngs of Baal
worshipers that have descended upon nip
and are trying to hedge me in."
. '-'Fortunately, you ' are \ free from" po
litical and social said. I,
with' ironic Intent. ... \u0084
• Helaughed with only a slightly con
cealed bitterness. v"Frora political entari
glement^-yes.'.' .said: he. "But not .from
social toils. r Ever since I . have been in
national life my .wife and I have held
ourselves • socially ' aloof, because those
with whom we would naturally and even
Inevitably associate would be precisely
those who would sorae day \u2666cast me for
Immunities and favors. Anil, how can on» I
hold t« a coursje of any sort of justice if
\u25a0 darns so Ki'Mns assailing a,U otia's friends
and their friends and relatives? '-For who
a.re , the- cfftnders? >Tht/ art". of,. the
flcb, of th/ successful,' of the; clever, of
the socially asreea'ble and ,* charming.
'•Aud haw .can one enforce . justice
against one's dinner companions*— and in '
.favor of whem? Of the people, Voiceless,
distant, cnknowti to. .one.*' Personal
friendship on the cue side; on tn.; other.
an abstraction." \u0084-.:
.'•'l should not class you, among Mios«
likely to yield many Inches to the social
bnbtr," crr.fd I.
"That !s plta-ant. but not candid." le
plied ne with Ike s'ciple directness. "No
man of your experience- could. ia'l to
know that the; social bribe is the areh
corrupter.'fhe one briber whem It U not
in huinait nature to resist. Hut. as I was
saying, to my amazement, tn- spite; of my
wife* precautions and minf. I flail my
sel' bo«t— acd v.ith what devilish flrisial
oudntsssi-' Whtn I refuse,- s. in ply to save
myself from 6a grant tteachery to my ob
liKations of duty. I rTrid myself seeminj.
even, to, my wife and to rayssJf. churlish
and priggish; " Pharisaical, in the loath
some a.ttitude of a moral; poseur. Com
mon honesty. "- in • presence' of "tliis social
bribe, takes on the aneukln? seeming of
rottei»est;hypocrisy. It is Indeed hard to.
get .through, and. to get at the men. I. want
and n«ed, and must and will have."
"Impossible." said I. "AndMf you could
gtt at them, and if the Senate would let
you put them where they seem to. you to
belong, the temptation would be too much
for them.- "-They too would soo become-'.
Baal- worshipers, the more assiduous for
their lons _ abstinence."
'*Some."o-,h« admitted, "perhaps moat.
But at least a few would stand the test—
and Ju3t one 1 such .would repay and Justi
fy all the 'labor of all the search. Tha;
trouble with you pessimists is that you
don't takfe.- out* ancestry into account.
Man isn't a falling angel,, but a rising
animal. So, every impulse toward the de
cent, every gleam of light, is a tremen
dous gain. The wonder isn't the bad but
the good, isn't that we are so Imperfect,
but that in such a few thousand year*
W V? sot *° far-so far up. I know you
and I have in the main the same purpose
-where- is there a man who'd like to
think the world, the worse for his hav
ing lived? But we work by different
means. .You believe the best results can
be got through that in man which he -ha*
inherited from the past- by balancing
passion against passion, by offsetting ar>
petlte with appetite. I hope for result*
from that In the man of to-day which U
the seed, the prophecy, of the man who
la to be."
"Your method has had one recent and
very striking apparent success," said
I. "But— the spasm of virtue will pass ••
"Certainly." he replied, "and so too
will the succeeding spasm of reaction.
Also, your party must improve itselfr—
and mine too — as the result of this
spasm of virtue."
"For a time,". I admitted. "I envy
you your courage and hope. But I
can't share in them. You will serve
four stormy years; you will retire
with friends less devoted and wnemies m
more, bitter; 'you will, be misunder
stood, maligned; and there's only a re
mole possibility that your vindication
will come before you are too old to be
offered a second term. And the har
vest from the best you sow will be
ruined in some flood of reaction. "
"No." he answered. "It will .be
reaped. The evil I do. all evil, passes.
The good will be reaped. Nothing
good is. lost." .
"And if It is reaped," I rejoined,
"the reaping will not come until luh£.
long after you are. a mere name in hia
tory."
Even as I spoke my doubts I 'was
wishing, l had kept them to myself;
for. thought I, there's no poorer bus
iness than shooting at the beautiful
soaring bird. of illusion. But he. was
looking at me without seeing me. His
expression suggested the throwing
open of the . blinds- hiiLntf a .mau's in
most self.
' **If "at" man," "said he- absently;* "fties
hisv mind, not. Ob making: friend* or de
feating enemies, not on elections or
on' history, but just on avoiding from
day- to day. from act to .act. the con-,
demnation of his own self-respect — "
The blinds closed as suddenly as they
had opened — he had become conscious
that some one was looking in. And I
was wishing again that I had kept my
doubts to myself;- for I now saw that
what I had thought a bright bird of
illusion was in fact the lost "star which'
lighted my. own youth. . . » -.-;-•
Happy the man who, through
strength or luck, guides his whole Ilfe-#|
by the star of his youth. \u25a0 Hapjjy,.- but
how rare!
CHAPTER XXJKTvV, ...
"Let Us Help Each Other." .
In the following September X took
my daughters to Elizabeth. She looked
earnestly, first *at Frances, tall ' and
slim and fancying herself a woman
grown, then., at Ellen, short and round.
and struggling with the gigjlinj age.
"We shall like each other, I'm sure,"
was her verdict. "We'll get •on' well
together." \u25a0 - And - Frances smiled, and
Ellen nodded. They evidently thought
so, too.
"I want you to teach them year art.*-'
said I, when they were gone to settle
themselves and she and I were alone. £?
"My artr • . -•. i
"The art of being one's self. I am
sick of men and women- who hide their
real selves behind a pose of what they
want others to think them." . *.t. t
"Most of our troubles cc-me' from
that, don't they?" » .- ;::
"All mine did," said I. "X am at th»
age when the very word age begins"
to Jar en the ear. and the net result of
my veara of effort is — I. have ..con-,
vinced other people that j I am some
body at the cost of convincing myself
that lam nobody." : ." ii>« : \u25a0•."':\u25a0 . L m
"No, 3ou are master." she said. ~ Hr
"As a lion-tamer is mastor of htc^k
lions. He gives all his, thought i% to
them, who think only of their appe
tites.'^ And his whole reward ts that
with his Ufa In his hands he sometimes,
can cow them through a few" worthless"*'
tricks." T looked round the attractive
receptlon-roorn of the school. "I wtsli
you'd" take me in. too." I ended.
Shu flushed a little, then shook her.'
head, her eyes twinkling. "This Is not
a reformatory," said she. And we both
laughed. -"\u25a0* - -
As I did not sr»<»ak or look away. but.
continued to sm'.le at her. she became
uneasy, glanced round as if seeking air"
avenue. of retreat.
»Ye? — 1 mean Just that. Elizabeth,'*
I'artraitted. and' my tone explained tae
words.
She clasped her hands and started up.
"In me— in every one;" I went
on. "there's a beast ar.d a man.
Just now with me •*— the 'ram
is uppermost. And he want 3 to> «tuj
uppermost Elizabeth — will you — |iel>
him?"
She lowered her head until I could
see only the splendor of her thick hair.
sparkling like black quai'tz.
"Will you-^-dear? Wem't you-^-dear?'* •
.Suddenly she SRve me both' her
hands. "Let us help each other," she
said. And slowly she lifted her glance
to mine, and never before hail,. l felt
the full glory of those eyes, the full
lnt-lody of that deep voice. » -
And so I end as I began, as life
begins and ends — with a woman." In
a." woman's arms we enter • life— ln a
woman' 3 arms we get the courage and,,
strength to bear it: in a woman's arm^
we leave it. And aa for the span be£J
tween the business, profession, career
—how -colorless, how - raeafllngleM "It
would be but for her! v^r
THE END.WITH PARTRIDGE FOR MAYOR HIS BUSY DAY
N the state of the Alhambra last
| *V Tuesday night some half dozen
I I \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-•\u25a0 : - : ----
V I men made speeches— pretty good
•speeches, too, clevej. forceful ar.<l
effective, that held the interest and
attention, and. at times excited the ad
miration and enthusiasm of that big au
dience that by its very size showed the
interest San Francisco is taking in her
own well-being.
What those speakers gave us who lis
tened was oratory. well-intentioned, well
prepared, well-delivered— but still oratory.
They had spared no effort and slighted
no talent to be ingenious and effective.
They had decorated their arguments witn
*>he posies of rhetoric and* the spangles
&ot wit. Their speeches were speeches to
persuade and inflame, made according- to
tbe "time-honored pattern of campaign
speeches— the accustomed weapons in the
game of politics.
We felt— we who listened, and I've a no
lion I si»eak for you if you were there,
*s well as for myself— that each speech
sis a performance and we were entitled
to our critical attitude.
Then after the orators and their ora
tory—and I'm not drawing an \u25a0 invidious
. \u25a0 \u25a0 .".\u25a0„-< .-•- ;
comparison, for both are a legitimate paTt
>-f. -.*;• -. - - •-,:\u25a0- - .-.-- - •• 'V.'-. . •-\u25a0-\u25a0;\u25a0
of this greatest of games— there came
a man down to the footlights, a young
man cf slight . figure and lean, wiry
ouild, with- " earnest, clean-cut, -serious
face. He came with a firm, light step,
quietly and without flourish. He stood
crulte still, waiting, through the storm
of greeting, and when silence fell he
spoke.
He had not spoken ten sentences before
we— all of us In that assemblage packed
solidly from wall to wail— saw that he
had no gift of oratory as an art; that he
fer.as not going through the campaign
irickß cf a candidate, as it were, and
giving us a sample speech, but Just a
straight talk.
We saw that he wasn't trying to per
euade or beguile— only to convince.
His voice wasn't strong nor of elocu
tionary quality, but there . was in It a
note of passionate earnestness that car
ried his words to every listener in the
topmost gallery.
His gestures were not frequent nor^
dramatic nor particularly illustrative—
and certainly not mirror-practiced. They
were rather unimportant. In fact even a
little inadequate for any other sort of a
man.
His sentences were not flowery, but
. well-balanced, incisive, conveying his
thoughts accurately, unequivocally, ab-
Keolutely without ambiguity.
;y r i»» ri Aginnu ligj'i 1 1 i " 1 .. ' ~ - \u25a0 #*~^~^~H
In his words as in his attitude there
was no flourish.
In the big auditorium there was no
murmur of comment, no rustle of move-
J|fStnt. The listening silence was so In
. Ur.se that it seemed almost as If all those
people breathed in rhythm. The critical
attitude was suspended.
While that slight young man talked
it was as if heart met heart and mind
. met mind in naked, trusting, honest con
tact.
All speciousness and suspiciousness, all
expediency and pretense and trumpery
were stripped off and cast aside.
In all the vast assemblage there was
not one, I'm sure, that did not recognize
» and accept him as absolutely honest,
sincere and genuine.
And the slight young man was John
g. Partridge, of course.
I am, perversely, beginning at tbe
end of my story, for my story to-day
Is of a day — a busy day— with the can
didate for Mayor, of a day's doings in
practical politics, and the big meeting
at tbe Alliambra was, of course, the last
event of the day chronologically.
But it Is the first in Importance, and I
would not have you miss the picture.
In that meeting between John i>. Part-
and the people of San Fran
fci'sco — as many of them as could be
IsBMBiSJBi^ftV^p^P'mSHO^9B^P""4HiBr'M9^BPWHMtP'Vi^B
squeezed into the Alhambra — there Is
significance.
It t-hows the power of personality.
It shows above all that however art
HELEN DARE
John s. Partridge In Conference tbe Kmiion Leaders Chairman
\u25a0.\u25a0 • \u25a0
and grace and skill may charm, the real
grip 'of man on man lies in .his truth
and sincerity. . ;~"
I wonder how many in that "i^udience
with the tonic spell of his honesty upon
them went 'home thinking that. If John
S. Partridge is not elected Mayor or San
Francisco it is not John S. Partridge
we need feel sorry for, but San Fran
- When the speechmaking was done
and the applause had died out and the
shuffle of departing feet was ebbing and
I went to- John S. Partridge in the box,
where his family and. personal friends
were waiting to take him home, and
asked him, to tell me just how he
meant to make his fight for the mayor
alty, this is what he answered me:
"I'm srolnfr to tnlk to the people in
word* of one nyllnhlr, so • that even
those who are asrnlnst me trill . have
no doubt abont where I: stand.,
"I'm ' Rolng: to rlvc tIV facts as I
know tbrm nijself. and let- the people
draw their own conHunlona.
"Railing, abuse, niud-sllngrlnK don't
impress anybody. V^- ; ' - ;••
"I mean business.
"I want the peoplr to trust me, "((nil.
the day has gone when you can. make
men believe In hljch-Moundlngr phranes.
"The ereat thins in a n*ht like this,
where tbe lasue Is one of principle, Is
to !»*• rlßht with yourself, and then you
rant help beins: right with the people.**
He doesn't want to N *»e elected at. ANY
price, you ccc. He has a* price of his
own, and it does not include the sacri
fice of any friend's political principle.
He is not going around button-holing
his friends and Imploring them to
"Vote for me, for ME — your friend
John Partridge. Never mind politics—
but vote for Me."
On the contrary, he is saying: "Don't
vote for me unless you believe in the
principles I staita for. Don't give me «
your vote merely on personal grounds."
That's a most unusual candidate,
don't you think, a queer sort of a poli
tician? But that is John S. Partridge,
reform candidate for Mayor— not only :
on the platform, but' from early morn
ing until late at night of the day on
which I follow. in his wake' to -'sec, him
do politics.
" It is a day that begins early in the'
morning, at half-past eight, in his
office.
He does no politics in his own modest
home in the Mission. He has not even
'; a telephone there by which politics can
be thrust, in upon, its peace and quiet;
. but no sooner does he set foot beyond
,lts doorstep, at 8 o'clock, than he be
._ \u25a0 \u25a0 . '
comes the candidate for Mayor. The
first man passing on, Guerrero street
recognizes him as such, and wishes him
well, or buttonholes him to advise him
\u25a0 — or ask something of— him. So does
the next man he meets on , the corner,
and the man on the car he comes down
'town on, for all the Mission knows him.
At his law offices in the Call building
the real day's work of campaigning be
gins>-*-wlth the people waiting to tell
him what is being done for him, and
what isn't being done, what .should be
done and what shouldn't'be done. They
follow'each other 'as closely as \u25a0 beads
on a string, and the String \u25a0• runs
through all the hours of the day and.
as many of the night as the candidate
and his lieutenants are accessible^ '
The places of meeting may shift from
the law-offices on the tenth floor of the
Call building to the corridor, -to -the
elevator, t6 the street, to the personal
headquarters in the Spreckels Annex
next door, to the Republican .League
headquarters at 636 Market street, to
the . street car,, street corner, or any
where •where one man. may grasp the
hand and . engage the ear of another,
but the succession of< men who liaye
the infallible recipe for the winning
of the election is without intermission.
What a great. game is this game of ;
politics! '
And what a big place it has in man's
life!
How; absorbing is the interest in it!
I find- at 'the two headquarters ar- '
ranljements ' for- the campaign, areas
complete, 1 as minute and.detailed, made ,
with .as, much care and, forethought, as .
in a great military organisation. ' ; .
There are,commlttees for everything. ;
There"'is the, topmost committee of
all, responsible for everything, the f ten
men, five fjom. each- party to-,
gcther hrthe single issue of clean grov-
THE- SAN - FRANCISCO -'SUNDAY f-fGAMir
At the Alhambra— Congratulations on Him Speech.
- .;...-- w
eminent, on whom it devolves to see
that the v work. of all the committees- is
done. - - \u25a0'•'.\u25a0
There are -the. committees, on organi
zation, on finance," ;on' printing, on ad
- vertlslng, -on "'music,' on .'meetings, on
the hiring; of' halls; who are to see to
it that • every voter is ' accounted for.
thai money v in . tlic treasury, that
there arc posters on. the fences,, an
nouncemonts in the. papers, bauds'- to
play at meetings," quarters* to • warble
when eloquence; wanes, speakers ; :; for.
every meeting'and. meetings for all the
speakers, halls to hold , the public that
must appraise, its candidates.
Politics,., it\seems, 'when you come
to examine' the' game "closely, is not all
oratory and -hurrah and ' ; bras3 bands.'
and pictures in the7papers. ,; •,
It's a wonderfully adjusted fighting,
machine -in which" results are .not- left"
1 Impulse . ai»d 1 inspiration,*- but' 'are!
sought for with precision.-
The Republican League, \ for,.: example;,
starts . out with tlie knowledge .that,
there is a registration^of 98,000 voters!
\u25a0\u25a0 . : :. :\u25a0 \u25a0 . -.• . \u25a0"':."\u25a0,: - .---. -' • ••\u25a0
this year, b,ut it doesn't generalize^frotri
that. It knows there are eighteen As-^
.-\u25a0. r» .-"\u25a0-\u25a0 v.
> sembly districts,. so It has.elghteen As
i 'sombly^'dj^tnct* committeemen. So
"..huvetlie. Democrats.' •: The thlrty-shc
• comrriittecmerr are 'responsible for/ the
• ' precintits'in their, districts." Each' has
i under his* direction political enp
i tfiin of : the prbcincts/ :^The-. precinct
, captain^ mukt Intriefr turn account'for
. -the voters,, npt.. collectively, but- lndl
yi»iu;illy.% .",..,, '. .... ... /
i .--.'So-minute •tiiid v careful-Is: the orgiini
: zatioir that.lt 'ls^possible'to' put. a finger
V. on every .'one- of f the 98,000. voters— to
'\u25a0\u25a0 saj'swlio he 'iin* , where .he ,1s- and what
. he-?s. \u25a0'•• --V \u25a0'**':'•*'- :/- "\u25a0"'' •/ "'^, '.'.' :
With Vsui-h _care. is the garne-.of poli
' : tics. played, oh .thc^inslde. and i.lt\ takes
aii f army of 'secretaries, clefks,"'coninilt
\u25a0' t ec in e n ,'• J vo II tlcaj^,t Icaj^ , el s, , [ ca ptain s,
•'. lieutenants Vand:'; diverse \u0084 aijd.^miscel
' lanoduß vworkers' to; play itJ- ;r; r '-*
•; -'\u25a0- Alahyiof 'tiiem,- perhaps" most'of theni.
salary,;. lists ;of.,the«finanL't
\u25a0•'"ckimtnittee*. \u25a0'\u25a0*•.c. c --••"•\u25a0 ; '\u25a0'''.'\u25a0• \u25a0'.*•-;?*•."
j.- .*. -.j.i ./. \u25a0 j-.-;"»<.,'--; \u25a0:''.-,--\u25a0 •.;\u25a0-.. :A-: ."\u25a0 .
. ", : that ; is .why I say, what , a , great
••"rajamc^'is this, game •'of politics.-;*-" What
'^.•^.•b'ig^^lace it 'has in. a man's-.life!. ;How
1 1 absorbing l.tbc /.'-interest 'in- : it! - ; How
'.« F-or. no. ordinary, employer ever got
such'seryiije out of employe. «
i-*Tlie. spirit'i.pf the political worker is
the spirit" of! the fox-hunter, the polo
player, the football player. He doesn't
know.' what overtime; is: nor what fa
. tigue'os:'n6r loss of interest.
sS Outside J" of the regulavly enrolled
workers' with their duties apportioned
and'deflneiLare the volunteers, working
fof.TshcerJo^ve'.of the game and not. it
is i true; , entirely- without hope of re»
ward;- for human nature Is human na
turev*!especially' in • politics.
;i; i ' v Thei, candidate. I see, as I follow in
•the -wake. "of VMr. Partridge, doesn't
.fidatVinto office: on the crest of the wave
bf'.hKs -popularity .in the rosy prlow of
red; fire:'" - He r lia3. I should estimate,
at least :' twenty- four 'hours in his work
,lng day," ar>d every fnhiutf of every one
of them \u25a0\u25a0ts. punctured by don-ands upon
'.I/is \nttenUon.'.~ •
' ; There "iirel the important committee
•meetings and conferences to be attend
ed to," the sp.recb.es to be prepared and
delivered; the" relations between oppos
ing party lights to b« diplomatically
preserved 'from'' rupture, the large and
: irppor.tant''ipattc ; vs of- the. business of
\ thc^carnpaigrri^lo be decided upon, an<l,
'•betweeiL them, v running fire of triv-'
ialities.-' •-•-'—\u25a0 ' .
• Mr"'- Partridge :nust receive and givo
ihiifjutteniion to the orgunizer of a
n Partridge* club. It is a club of Lowell
i High "i School boys, now voters: boy 3
wlio 'wfi'C .schoolmates of his when h.j
was winning his education; boys who
-were .-pupils of his when he was fight
.iijgihls way. into the_ law by teaching
there: Mt- is _a. fine compliment, paid In
' a itirie'-spirit. 1 ."•*
v Then" there' is the tailor who has two
wagons on, which, If "Mr." Partridge will
provide- them, .he .will- display Partridge
banners every" day and all the time up
.to .. election . day— and so elect, Mr. Part
ridge. :He will, do this, and elect ; him —
OhV he'll I elect • liiin. sure, that way— if
Mr. Partridge twill -give. him 'the contract
to t lean \ht^ clothes for a year..:.
Th<*n " there's |iho man from a hall room
in v an*, obscure .block, whose whole ex
ttnor advertises rthe failure, and the dere
lict', who can deliver the votes of two •
.professions, and one quarter— the Portu- '
guise or; Rouman'an or whatever it is.
'In -solid '-blocks'— ir— ir only the i andidate
\u25a0fdrVMaybri-or the- league or anything or
'anybody ; will {assure him a salary, just a
1 - - y - '\u25a0 . '\u25a0'-\u25a07~: •' ''/.\u25a0*• V- ."\u25a0 »
small salary to cover expenses during the
time necessary to land the blocks of
votes.
There's the photographer who wants
Mr. Partridge. to pose for him in impas
sioned oratorical poses— and promise to
pose for no one else.
There's the man. careful kindly soul,
who wants Mr. Partridge to come into
another room with him where in privacy
he can show Mr. Partridge how most ef
fectively to sit when facing the audience
from 'a platform. He thinks Mr. Par
tridge is not sufficiently attentive to his
posing— which, heaven be thanked, is
perfectly true.
And another photographer.
And a solicitor who wants advertise
ments for a church fair programme — only
about $30 worth of space.
And come one to sell him tickets to a
church fair.
• And some one else to' invite him to -
speak at a Sunday school social.
And another man with more advertis
ing space to sell.
And a quartet for hire.
And Just a pleasanftfriendly man drop
ping in to say he'll vote for him, and get
his friends to because he believes In
him.
And a man who makes soap — with an
other, scheme to elect him which In
volves the distribution of Partridge cakes
of soap among the unpersuaded voters —
neat little cakes with a Partridge picture
that won't come off, being protected by
some sort of varnish that keeps it from
lathering away.
More church faif ti-jketfe.
More invitations to speak at socials.
More schemes to insure election. ,
blocks of votes in inside pockets
of frayed and shiny coats.
More men to shake hands and wish
him well.
And sandwiched between are the meet
ings to arrange with committees about
advertising and about speaking, the con
ferences with the district leaders, the
formal meeting of the joint campaign
commute*, the visits to district head
quarters, and the big ratification meet
ing at night. \u25a0
There's the intermittent visitor, too.
who has telling. points for him to incor
porate in his Speeches. Jotted down for
handy .reference on the backs of old,en
velopes. ;
There's the man who wants to teach
him elocution to improve his speechmak
ing. and the man who can supply him
v/ith a new set of gestures that will bring
do'-^n the house every time.
And there's the Spring Valley case in
court. Even on his busy day Mr. Par
tridge finds the time in that cool un
hurried way of hi 3 to attend to this duty.
One of the provisions he has made
is that when he is elected — WHEN is
the word, remember — he is to retain
the privilege to go on with the Spring
Valley case. >*
On his busy day there is a witness
to be examined In this case, and he
slips quietly away from between the
demands on his time to the court room
in the new Postofflce* building- to do
that. -
Out of the myriad* distractions of
campaigning he steps t and bends hi 3
mind in that still courtroom to the
careful consideration of the the min
utae of expert testimony. The witness
Is suffering 1 the effects of recent Illness,
and the humanity of Partridge Is ex
pressed i&» the gentle consideration of
voice and. manner as he asks him his
questions, but the ylgllahce of the alert
lawyer is in the questions.
He doesn't see all the ' people who
make their demands upon his time, of
course. It is beyond one man's capaci
ty to do that, but with all that he sees
and in all that he does he ts the simple,
unselfconoscious man, giving; his at
tention wholly to the matter before
In the day's doings, in all this meeting:
of people. I make a discovery for myself,
and It is that John S. Partridge Is not
what is called "a good mixer."
He is not what Is best described In
handy slang "a hot-air artist."
He is too sincere to acquire popularity
by the oily, easy glad-hand method.
He is not beguiling, but he^ is can-~
vincing. /
I noticed that the many men who came
to shake hands and wish htm well did
not 'slap him on the back, but they did
give him ready respect.
lf'.heia not a good mixer he yet has
tact and courtesy and kindliness. He is
receptive, listening with keen interest to
the other man's opinion, never supercili
ous never self-sumcient— and never sub
servient, and the men woo came to shake
hands with him seemed to give him their
ready respect, because they could re
spect themselves in giving It.
The men who came, too. were not of
the usual type peculiar to political head
quarters-that sleek, slightly shabby
type, loose-cheeked, furtive-eyed, soft
handcu and whispering, but very much
of the same clean, clear-cut, aggressive.,
energetic type that the candidate for
Mayor is. They looked like men who have
homes and famllies'and regularity of bar
bers and pay days. They came in as
' though they came, for a definite purpose,
and they went away as though they had
some place to go and something to do
when they got there— a new type of poli
tician rallying around a new type of can
didate.AMERICAN INGENUITY IN
STAGE MECHANISM
THE creative American stage ma
chinist is fast becoming the most
important personage in connection
\u25a0with the world's amusements. The
rapid stride? made in the last few
years In Inventing stupendous stage
scenes has commanded recognition here
tofore denied. As yet the American stage
is only in its infancy. Up to a few years
ago managers simply rehashed plays im
ported from Europe, until the firm of
Klaw & Erlanger entered the field. Their
progreEsivenet-s worked wonders, and to
day it can be truthfully stated that their
individual efforts have succeeded in
eclipsing all foreign importations. In
New JTork City away Lack in the "60"s.
when Jarrett 6z Palmer presented "The
Klack Crook." and spectacles criginate-1
by the Kiraify brothers, the only pieca ol
Mage mechanism that the public mar
veled at was a "trap" cut in the stage
through which one of the performers
made a sj.-ringing entrance. In those tlays
a melodrama called "The World" had a
tccne showing a iaft at sea being
to jxeits l>y huge waves, which arousea
cc-iiSJCieiabie interest. In IW>j the lirin of
Klaw i Erlar.gcr, in conjunction with C.
B. Jefferson, a sen of Joseph Jefferson,
commenced producing. Their firs 1 , play,
"A Dark Bccrct." was brought out at the
New York Academy of Music. One of the
Bccnee showed the c-mire -Plage covered
with water to represent a real lake, with
boats sailing to and fro. It scored an in
stantaneous bit and tired this progressive
i:rm with an ambition to attempt bigger
things. Next on their list , was "The
Country Circus," giving a parade on the
stage with hors^v. animals, all kind of
live stock and wagons, the same as Ring
ling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey pre
sent to-day in t"he public thoroughfares.
This attempt was also highly successful,
and from that lime on they have stopped
at nothing in the way of expense in giv
ing the American public the biggest in
dvx»r entertainment possible.
Eight year* ago the attention of Klaw
&. Erlanger was drawn to General Lew
Wallace's interesting novel', "Ben Hur,"
and negotiations started toward drama
tizing it. General Wallace was like the
man from Missouri, "lie had to be
shown"— that is, iie yould not agree to
his work bci: g dramatized unless the
chariot race could be as realistically pre
sented as his description in the book. It
is here the creative American mechanist
showed his capacity, for Klaw & Er
langer commissioned every one of promi
nence in this countr;- to furnish practi
cal working models of this big scene, and
the prize was won by Claude Hagan. It
.coft thou nds of dollars in experiment
ing, but a rich reward nas been reaped,
lor ir. the six years that "Ben Hur" has
been before the public a profit of over
$2,000,000 has been earned. The mechani
cal device which Mr. Hagan employed
in constructing this scene is not new to
the siago. In its r simpler sense it has
been the backbone of "The County Fair"
and many other plays and has helped en
rich the men who have' had stage melo
dramas, with their accompaniment of
etorms, steamships, moving trains, life
bridges and avalanches. But these have
all been cheap illusions, while the chariot
rao; in "Ben Hur" is not. In fact, this
6cene as now presented is acknowledged
to be the most thrilling stage picture
ever shown within the four walls of a
playhouse. It is a. race scene in which
the runner does not progress. It differs
from the horse races in such plays as
"In Old Kentucky," "The Suburban" and
"Checkers," where the horses are ridden
from wing to wing. In playa where the
horses actually cross the stage there is
no need of an illusion to give the appear
ance of movement, but in a race like that
driven by the charioteer in "Ben Hur."
where the horses actually run but do not
move forward, there must be some me
chanical means of deceiving the eye tc
give the impression of actual progress.
It is such casts as this that makes "Ben
Hur" a mechanical triumph. There ie
nothing half done. The illusion is com
plete, even to the whirring of the wheels
and driving clouds of dust that fly from
the imaginary floor of the hippodrome.
It is not behind the scenes that you
find the secret of all this, but down be
neath the stage in a wilderness of dy
namos, electric wires, windlasses, shafts
ana wheels. While the horses are pound
ing out thunder on the stage floor dur
ing the race, the under region is like a
bee-hive. Electricians run here and
there, throwing 1 switches and giving sig
nals. The men are tugging at windlass
crunks. The signal bells from which
wires lead to the stage above keep up a
constant din— one ring for one switch,
two rinjrs for another and so on. Only
two minutes it lasts, but durlnz those
minutes the tension in the under re
gions is greater than In the audience,
which is at rim stunned and then torn
into a perfect paroxysm of cheers, so
you see that not all the effect of the
chariot race Is exerted upon the nerves'
of those who pay to see the spectacle.
There are other men who are paid to be
there, who are worn out with the terri
fic work of those two minutes under the
stage.
Durtng the engagement of "Ben Hur"
i^ this city two seasons ago the writer
wi messed the performance of the play
from the vantage point of the stage hand.
I have watched many other plays In
the Fame way, but taking a half hundred
together they held not half tne interest
the chariot race alone in this ono play
holds. Standing within an arm's reach
of ben Hur's winning four as they ran,
the effect is stunning. Should anything
So wrong, causing one of those "horses
to trip and fall, the animal must cer
j; talnly crash through the scenery into
the crowd of principals and supernumer
aries in the winsrs. It is a unique ex
perience to have four horses running at
CHIMMIE FADDEN MAKES MILLIONS OF MONEY, BUT WAKES UP WOOZILY
EDWARD W. TOWNSEND
(f YTY T ls a dat Interests me
I much," cays Whiskers, "dat d«
I hotel which charges fifteen cent*
\u25a0* for a full dinner and twenty-ftve
cents for a bedroom is paying de
ov.-ner five per cent net on his invest
ment."
"Surely," cays Mr. Paul, "it is Inter
esting to loin dat dere is any kind of
use for money which pays five per cent.
Wit dat happy assurance all dat a man
needs to make an Income is de money to
Invest for to get it, and, wit an Income,
any man may be happy if he only knows
how. But dc example you cites, sir."
coca on Mr. Paul, "calls to me mind de
fact dat de hotel which charges ten
dollars for its cheapest bedroom, and
meals are not solved dat costs less dan
five dollars each, is not paying ground
taxes for de owner."
, "How do you^uiake out dat?" asks
Whiskers.
top speed while you stand directly in .
their apparent path not fouf feet away.
You may hug close to the scenery and
yet you do not escape the feeling of un
easiness. You feel the breath of the
horses and their hoofs beat upon the
stage not two feet from .where you stand.
But It all teaches you quickly what a
tremendefus thing' it is to stage a
spectacle of this kind and how far the
public demands , that thoss who furnish
tnese things shall go to satisfy the hun
ger of the novelties.
It does not take a mechanic to sec how
much work has been done in staging
the "Ben Hur" chariot race. For a month
Lelore the first performance a large force
of carpenters, steel workers and elec
. tricians worked upon this odd race course
and its mechanical equipment. The stage
of th« tn«ater has to be carefully recon
structed for it. also carefully tested to
sustain its great weight. A bungling Job
in the slightest detail would spoil tho
whole spectacle. That it has never been
spoiled Is a wonder and a tribute on the
intelligence ot the advance carpenter.
When in position for an .ordinary per
formance the floor of the stage is four
teen inches above the lowest position
to which it can be lowered. For the
chariot race it is at the lowest position.
Above this stage floor Is built another
false floor, which is used for the floor
of the stage for all the performances ex-
"Jt it a question which I will shortly
write a piece for de papes about," says
Mr. Paul. "I has give de study much
taught, and am prepared to disclose me
findings to a delighted world, only I has
not been able to flnd a pen in de house
dats willing to shed ink except at
wholesale. De manner of de matter is
dis: De builder and promoter ot de five,
dollari-a-meal hotel was wise onto de
proposition" — dat wasn't Just Mr. Paul's
woids, but dey Is what he meant — "dat
dere is many good citizens of dese
United States dat has more money dan
dey has notions how to separate delr
selves from it. While we, has many
good folk in New York who get along
on tree or four hundred dollars per
year, we also has a number who' are
trying to spend a quarter of a milliona
year in^ do manner; which will call' de
most nttention to deir excellent efforts
to keep money circulating. But do dose
good foik want to circulate delr good
long- green in de dark? No, sir! Dere
is notting dey is ashamed of In de busi
ness. Dey do not believe in - hiding de
good dat dere Is in de woild. ; De exam
ple of proper conductris worth much,
and de folks who are parting wlt|one
fort million a year want de woildto see,
and'Cppy." . . '\u25a0 /•,, ; ' \- \u25a0\u25a0 : . —
"Surely, den," says Whiskers, "de hun
dred . dollars a day j hotel was Ide | very
place dey was looking for." -
"But de stage setings was , all wrong
from de start," . says Mr. : Paul. v "De din
ing rooms of dls ! - notable hotel * are a :
string of. small; rooms*' almost .cut^ oft- ; ,
from each odder.- Dere, is no chance for a;
crowd ' in any one' of '. 'em, ' and de , good
man who is going to" spend a hundred/for
a.' cllght repast might "as \u25a0-.well ;' be X spend- 1
ing' ten cents for. Frankfortes \u25a0 and" saver- :
kraut ' down' a; dark' alley,' for; all- de • good
he gets out : of . de / hotel; ;,;- f- > ->V>"A^"'*
Say, Mr. Paul isn't de only 'wise guy i
\u25a0 on > dat propositions." '\u25a0 IV. I : wash' t ; a"- little
short of funs at dis Beason of de year.'l'dr
THE/rSAN^:FRANGISCO : SUNDAY CALL.
build a hundred dollar a-day -hotel f for I
seven or c'sht millions, and show, de
main bazoonus who built . de odder, one "
how <le game is wblked. ;in de ; foist
place, he had : a dippy\=blq'ck for 'a . presa
agent. ; All \u25a0 he \u25a0) told de- papes .about ; was
; how much tt;would cost ; to live a minute -
|In dat , hotel. :'., Dat j was . trunning . away I
•goodspace. . De lay for him to folley was
to tell ho w much Mr.; Dls • and [ Mr. y Dat
was , spending at -de hotel.* Dat would ;
: fetched de ; crowd.* Folks don't r go" and -
blow in : deir ,roll for • de » sake ' of seeing
it blow;' dey 'does, it so dat .odder .» folks ,
can Bee, it blow: A man wit a roll as big
; around as ; a -, lamp |is -willing for. to • light '
-de lamp if tdeir, ; is anybody around who"
needs a light, \u25a0\u25a0:';.' y ".'\u25a0.• . * .
\u0084 ; When ,I - gets time *to put up me eight
million dollar' hotel, "I'll" solve a table for
de ; very rich- dat will ; tickle 'era to > deat r
notting but 0 milk % and ;•; toast: '(But : I'll :
charge de limit . for. does f eods ori ; a guar- .
-antee'to^havevlde Tprice ~ dey - ; is spending
; printed ;in -de>papes. - See?- A j mug -dat <
dias r nothing : but I mbney^-not' even ": an ap
\u25a0; peUte^pays rf me '} a :•\u25a0 hundred f a, V day c for '
milk and toast. I uses part of me profits
in running a pape telling his name,' and
how much, he spends, and lie gets de
benefit of his money' without having to
get sick eating tings dat he don" t want,
and- drinking booze he can't take care of.
•Well,"; wit me hotel running 'on. sine
tific 'what do ;-I uo,- next?
!\u25a0', automobiles .me patrons, t : Does : any
man i who is old '; enough^ to ]' have 'made
a 'dozen ; millions '.want- to c ride > a . mile
a 'minute! on a" gasoline tank?., Nay,- nay!
Folks -automobile • in \u25a0- six | nundred dollar
machines' for \ fun, \u25a0- dey automobiles in
twenty} tousand': dollar machines to get
delr names , in : de papes. \u25a0 .Well, I ; has ;. a
machine fixed up dat, smells 'of i oil,"-; elec
tricity . and • street h dust," and will . break
downjif you speak* to it, unkindly. - But
It; cost V seventeen . dollars.' - De.-, motor
power $Is" a' dollar-a-day I Dago * inside de
tunover," - wit I hte -feet lon de ground. A
ride from me hotel; to me opray, house in
dat safe and sane machine will be eighty
seven"; dollars. : and every: time ?nie guests
rides in . it,'; de ' fact will s be ; printed *in* me
pape-^-at §* do )\ usual ,; rates. ' Do,* you ' see
-- '\u25a0* \u25a0.
cept the race. Upon . the stage floor
proper are built trenches and In these the
horses run four abreast upon treadmills.
These' treadmills are ail laid horizontally
•and each is j independent of'the other. In
sets of i four the treadmills are built In
strong carriers that furnish the equip
ment which gives the v Illusion of Ben
Hur gaining, upon and passing Messala
in tha race. Ben Hur's four horses,
which are running upon the four .tread
mills in tha trench nearest tho footlights,
are started at the left side of the stage
running toward the right. Messala's four
are started at the right side. This places
Messala several feet In the lead of Ben
Hur. ~ \u25a0"\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0', '-'ViT.':-
' Beneath the stage at the right side are
windlasses and an equal number un
der the left side. When the race begins,
with Ben Hur behind Messala* for one
minute the carriers are allowed to remain
in the "location they occupy at the be
ginning of the race. In the wings to the
right stands the stage manager with two
magnets 1 In his hands. Each of these
magnets is" attached to electric wires
which run to an electric bell beneath the
stage. .When Messala. confident of win
ning the race, turns in his chariot to Jeer
at Ben Hur, the stage manager brings
the magnets together. This is the signal
for the men at the windlasses to make
where : I'm going to land? Me, to de
millionaires' club!
Folks want to be known to be spend
ing deir money, 'and are ready "to take
chances at poison and sudden deat at de
dining table * to prove dat dey has da
price: .Is, willing to stand- six hours of
Doublelungensing-by a Eyetalian ' artist,
to prove dat-dey has de price: is willing
to court ; de . coroner by riding **» a real
automobile to prove dey has de price.
How foolish!
Come to my shop. All de proof dat
you': has 'de price, wit press notices of
de- fact, will be supplied: and tings to
eat dat can ; be • eat, tings to listen to
dat can be listened to without swearing,
tings to ride in dat don't blow up—
say. is it a; cinch? "Well, well!
I wonder -nobody has discovered me.
When I'm -found out. sure de banks
will 'let me have sixty, thousand a day
for an Interest in me profits; \u25a0omebody
will buy mo'for.tolty-nine millions and
let de people have me for. a hundred
and ' toity " millions; I'll be i Incorporated
and issued as canal stock, de only guar
antee . being dat I am a revolution; a
ready to haul tha carriers forward or
ba reward as »he case may be.
When the audience decs Ken Hur ris
ing to his full height in h's chariot and
begin laying on the !aah. the stage man
ager strikes the mcgneU tv/ics together.
The mpn at the* windlasses begin turning
the cranks slowly. Slowly, almost im
perceptibly. Ken Hur gains upon Mes
sala. Actually, ilassala's horses have been
drawn backward Just as far as Een Hur's
four have been drawn forward. Messala
sets Ben "Hur creeping slowly forward,
gaining slightly every eecond, but yet
not rapidly enough" to win the race. H<»
turns and tho whip circles- about his
four white ~ horses, but. both for stags
purpose* and in reality, they are running
at their utmost speed. Again the auOU
ence sees Ben Hur raise his arm and ttm.
lash shoots out over the backs of th<*
four animals he is driving? They can g»
no faster, for they. too. are .unning at
top speed.
But the stage manager makes them
gam. In the cyclone of noise which the
running horses" b^at from *.*e treadmills
the audience 2s deafened, but down below
the bell Is ringing continually. The stage
manager is playing v tattoo with the
magnets. The panorama ia set going
faster, until the painted figures in the
tiers -of the amphitheater are lost in a
blur.
The noise , from the stage stuns th»
audience. Down below it is the noise
of machinery that is heard. Every bell
is ringing, every shaft turning. The men
at the windlasses, with the slow, steady
motion, grind at the ropes which lead
up over the pulleys to the carriers in the
trenches.' The bell beneath the stags
rattles five times: the men at the wind
lasses work a little faster. Twice the
bell rings. That Is the signal to slow
down. By this time Ben Hur's four
steeds are neck and neck with Messala's
four.
Just as Ben Hur's chariot draws oppo
site the one In which Messala rides the
audience sees the right wheel of Mes
sala's chariot torn from the axle, a trick
of the stage mechanist of to-day. Ths
stage manager again brings his magnet
into play. Four times he clicks them to
gether; a man under the stage jerks a
rope which runs through the floor be
neath Messala's chariot to a trigger on
the axle. JPiis trigger releases a stout
spring" which throws tne wheel. *
It is .then that the stage manWjSr
becomes the busiest man in tha world.
As fast 'as his hands can move ha
clocks the magnets. Below, the men
&.t the windlasses work with all their
might. .Messala'3 chariot is brought
forward with a jerk, and Ben Hur'3
is drawn as rapidly forward. All the
horses are plunging as fiercely as ever,
but the sudden widening of the space
between the two chariots seems to tho
audience to be the result of the vlctor"3
sudden forward dash in a race that iJ
not an illusion.
This race has lasted two minutes,
as long as a real race at a mile and
a furlong 1 . \u25a0On a race course the
charioteers would have covered r.lmost
a mile. Just as tho two minutes pass
there is a shrill v/histle from the
"flies." As quick as a fta3h all lights
are out. There are loud cries of
"Whoa! Whoa!" but "this 'is not hetird
by the audience, for the \u25a0 "hoofs of the
horses are still pounding the treadmills.
Within thirty seconds the drivers bring
them all to a stop.
The engine that moves th panorama
i 3 brought to a standstill. The stage
manager drops his magnets. The race
is over. ,
Five minutes later the false stage
floor has been relald, new scenery has
taken the place of the panorama and
the curtain rises to give the audience a
glimpse- of an interior of tho palace of
Ben Hur In Jerusalem.
The treadmills upon which the horses
run are not unlike the treadmills uaefi
for power purposes, such^as all r. «»y
seen at a sorghum or grist mill down
in the country. But these treadmills
are carefully and strongly built. They
turn upon the most perfect ball bear
ings, and with your little finger you
can start them as easily as the horses
start them with their galloping hoofs.
To the audience the spinning chariot
wheels seem to be upon the floor of the
sugc. But. the weight of the chariots
does not rest at all upon the :wheel3.
The cars are poised on a rod. which fits
into a steel pipe run through the stags
floor. The wheels are turned by small
motors beneath the treadmills.
The clouds of dust which apparently
are thrown by the horses* hoofs coma
from small boxes beneath the chariots.
These boxes have a bellows attachment,
which blows out clouds '. of fine sand.
Another complete illusion Is that of the.
apparent backward movement of the
track upon which the horses seem to be
running. This moving track is nothing
more or less than canvas belts painted
cray They are turned by small wheels
placed upon shafts projecting through the
stage floor. Bentath the stage these
shafts connect by flanged cog-wheels
with a transverse shaft which turns not
only the big wheels but the panorama
The panorama is formed by three great
scenic belts, two of them with a thirty
foot face being placed diagonally at the
sides of the stage, and one forty feet
long being at the rear. Upon these^belt*.
which are twenty feet wide, is pal*r!»i
an interior view, of th« amphitheater,
with its tiers of steps filled with spec
tators This panorama moves in th* di
rection opposite to those In which tha
race Is run and gives a complete im
pression of a progressive movement of
the chariots.
To sum up the whole scene, It Is the
moat thrilling stage picture in the amuse
ment world to-day and clearly empha
sizes the advancement of American stage
mechanism.
sugar company will buy me and send
me to do Senate to vote on de tariff
tinkerin. I wonder nobody has made
me a stock company and floated me ac
hundred to get in on de ground floor
—and Ret out in de cellar de best way
you can.
I was all lit up tinking what a good
ting I was, and trying to dope out ways
of spending all de plunks I was wort,
when Duch*33 comes to me with trouble
In her eye
"Master Cheems," she says, "what did
Mr. Paul tell you to buy for him when
youvwas downtown yesterday?"
\u25a0 "A new collar for de bull . pup." I
says. "But I forgot It."
"You'll forget your errants once too
"many." she says, "and get fired from
your Job. What will you do for a,
living CenT ihe says. *"^l
"Oct a Job wit de white wings. sw«£y,.
Ing de streets." I says. I don't know
what cUe I'd do for me grub."
Say. wasn't dat v woozy way to wake
up? What fell!
(Copyright. 1305. by Edward W. Town
- \u25a0end.)FIGHTING FIRE IN THE SNOW-SHEDS
THE average passenger journeying
over the Sierras usually utters a
derp Figh of relief -when his train
emerges from the snowsheds. They
have formed one bleak, uninterest
ing section of the journey, relieved only
by a monotonous succession of tantaliz
ing glimpses of striking tcenery through
the breaks and cracks in a dead wall of
grimy timbers. The cars have filUd with
suffocating smoke and life has been made
miserable for a time. It is natural, then,
that but UttJe of interest should attach
to the snowslieds. The ordinary traveler
dewctts them, and knows little and cares
less about the system which protects thi3
valuable part of the railroad equipment
from destruction by fire. For dull and
uninteresting as the .sheds themselves
may be, they are, nevertheless, an Indis
pensable and necessary part of mountain
railroad construction. Upon their main
tenance depend the "safety and security
of the leads of passengers and freight
which form the heavy traffic over the
mountain division. Accordingly, the pres
ervation and protection of the snowsheds
from the ravages of fire forms one of the
meat Interesting features of railroad ad
ministration In California.
The long line of snowsheds on the di
vision between Sacramento and Sparks,
Nev., begins at a point near Blue Canyon,
and winds Its tortuous way up the steep
grades of the Sierra Nevada Mountains,
over their summit, and down the eastern
dope almost to Truckee. This stretch of
forty miles of railroad Is through the
very heart of the Sierras, where the
snows of winter fall to a great depth,
varying from five to thirty feet, and ac
cumulate In great drifts, blocking and
burying out of sight the ordinary high
ways of travel. To protect the railroad
from this danger of Interruption of com
munication and blockade of traffic, the
snowsbeds were built over the track,
forming a shelter for the trains. These m
cheds are not of temporary character, in
tended for on* season only, to be replaced
the next, bet are strongly and substan
tially built, designed to withstand the
fiercest onslaughts of nature's forces. The
timbers are twelve and eighteen inches
t quart, and the planks on the sides and
roof an from two to four Inches thick.
The sheds are firmly braced and tied to
gether, and anchored securely.
The original cost of the snowsheds
stands a tidy sum on the books of the
railroad company, and the annual ex
penditure for repairs and maintenance
represents a small fortune. It was once
stated by Leland Stanford that the sheds
originally cost 11,500,000. Lest year the
repairs and overhauling of the sheds was
a charge of over (100,000. It Is little won
der, then, that the line of sheds is care
fully watched and protected from fire.
The sheds are peculiarly liable to de
struction by fire. The passing locomo
tives emit 6parks which lodge in the
OPORTUNITY VS. HANDICAPS
IT WAS the fixed belief of all of the
members of the Dubb fanuly that
Percy %as an "it," with an adult I.
In the first place he was the last of
the lot to arrive on the scene, a sort
of an encore. As though that were not
enough, his parents had immediately
loaded him down with the polite but In
vidious appellation of Percy. It is a well
known fact that a boy named Percy has
about as much chance of arriving at ulti
mate, or any other kind, of greatness as
a Massachusetts Republican has of car
rying the solid South In a Presidential
campaign.
Another obstacle* that Percy was up
against from the start was the fact that
he v.as the youngest son. Youngest sons
are usually regarded as more or less sur
plusage, a reserve force in the family
stable, so to speak. If be runs well,
everybody Is surprised and mildly happy,
but no one puts his money on him. The
timbers Uiat.are as dry as cracklings,
and this is a frequent source of disas
trous flres. Besides this, forest fires and
burning brush often ignite the sheds. The
pine lumber of which the sheets are built
is fat with pitch and thoroughly dried by
the combined heat of the passing loco
motives Inside and the rays of the cum
mer sun without. This makes excellent
fuel for the names. And when they are
once started they v spread with lightning
like rapidity along the line of sheds, as
if it were a train of powder. The long
line of sheds acts as a huge chimney with
a powerful draft, and not much time is
required for* a small blaze to develop
into a fire of ugly proportions.
The protection of the shedg from the
ravages cf fire is a matter of prims im
portance. The sheds must be kept intact,
for otherwise the line, of travel would
be hopelessly blockaded in the winter
season. And here, as elsewhere in the
gigantic corporation, system and organi
zation are necessary. A fire in the sheds
is a costly blaze and one of the things
most dreaded in railway circles, because
of the danger to life and property in
volved and the interruption of traffic. The
organization of the flre brigade must be
and is as highly efficient and as thor
oughly trained as any company in a
metropolitan flre department.
The system which secures this protec
tion consists of two parts; first, the fire
patrol, and second, the flre trains and
their crews.
The flre patrol keeps the closest watch*
for any outbreak of flre through the
track walkers and the lookouts. Eternal
vigilance Is the price of safety in the
snowsheds, and herein is demonstrated
the efficiency of the patrol. The track
walkers are men constantly patrolling the
track before and after trains pass
through the sheds to Inspect the condi
tion of the track and to see that ob- '
structions are removed to prevent acci
dents. Their beat is usually three miles
in length. One of their most Important
duties Is the detection of flre in the
sheds. At short intervals along the line,
about three-fourths of a mile apart, there
are signal boxes, connected with the sta
tions where the flre trains are located.
When a track walker discovers a flre
he turns In the alarm at the nearest sig
nal box, and the" alarm is registered at
Summit, Blue Canyon and Truckee. Tha
fact that flre has been discovered and an
alarm turned In Is at once reported to the
superintendent ef the division at division
headquarters In Sacramento.
The main flre lookout is located on the
top of Red Mountain, a high peak of
the Blerras near Cisco. Red Mountain is
about 8000 feet high. From Its summit
almost the entire line of snowsheds is
eldest sons are the favorites every time
and they are the ones who receive the
greatest attention from the trainer. Be
sides the youngest son has so many marks
to live up to.. The first boy. on the scene
has no previous performances staring
him in the face. If he goes wrong and
lands in Jail, every one pities him and
calls attention to the fact that he got all
his bad traits from his father, who was
Just like him when he was a boy. If
a younger offspring lands in the clutches
of the law, before hia elder brothers aro
apprehended, every one wonders how a
boy with such model relatives could man
age to strike the wrong road.
Thus it will be seen that Percy was up
against it from the time the curtain, rose
on his little act. His other brothers, who
had been given good, useful names, like
John Henry, William or Charles Edward,
names that are guaranteed not to rip,
ravel or run down at the heel, were al
ready well established in tho favor of
visible.*"' 'A "more suitable watch tower,
than ; this lofty peak, .rearing its head
into the clear Sierra sky, could hardly
be found anywhere. The exceedingly dry,
cleer atmosphere makes it possible to see
distinctly for great- distances. The flre
lookout is maintained day and night, and
from this excellent point of vantage the
first outbreak of fire can be located. With
telescopes and field glasses trained on
the sinuous line of sheds winding In and
out among the mountains the lookout
commands the situation absolutely. An
incessant, unrelaxing ' vigil guards the
line of travel from the attacks of the
ravaging flames. The instant a fire is
detected by the watchers on Red Moun
tain the alarm is sent to the stations
where the fire trains are held In waiting.
In the fire patrol, besides the track
walkers and the main lookout on Red
Mountain, the company also has special
watchmen stationed ;at other points of
long range of vision, such as Tunnel No.
Six, Lakeview, Shed Twenty-nine and
'Tunnel No. Five. *
' On the portion of the Sacramento divis
ion where the snowsheds are located th,ere_
are three fire trains, one stationed at"
Summit, one at Cisco and one at Blue
Canyon. Each train is made up of afire
ergine, which is a locomotive) equipped
with a powerful pump throwing three
.streams of water,, a. tender, and two
water cars. The trains are also equipped
with telegraph and telephone outfits.' The
ctrs have tanks capable of holding 18,500
gallons of water. They are fully equip
p«d with fire hose, some of it on. reels
and some laid out on. top of the cars, also
ladders, axes, saws, ropes and pike poles.
Around the top of the cars, on which
tl;e crew rides, runs a stout railing to
koep the men f/bm being - pitched off
when rounding curvts on the way to the
flres. - "
- The regular crew of the fire train con
sists of engineer, fireman and brakeman,
\u25a0nho .devote their whole time .to the flre
tiain. When an alarm is turned in there
are added to these a telegrapher, line-
men, section men, and all others working
for the company around the station who
are not actually needed at home. \u25a0 -".
It Is a time of genuine excitement at a
station when an alarm Is received. The
alarm,* "Fire' In the sheds,-' electrifies the
air around the station. Where all was
C ulet before, relieved only by. the throb
c* the engine of the flre train at meas
v red Intervals, now the scene is on* of
t astllng activity. The shrill blasts of the
locomotive -whistle summon the crew, who
came rushing- from all quarters. The
rreman crowds on steam In the engine,
i hich Is kept fired constantly, ready to
i iake an Instant start The engineer
iMshes to the office of the station agent
their parents. On* of them had a half
interest in a shoe store down on the
oorcer with ; : a fighting" chance to be
Chased into ' the ! board of I aldermen the
;iext time that the rascals were to. be
turned out. Another brother was holding
the steering gear of a coal shovel, on a
freight train , • and a ; third - had j a steady
Job instructing the young idea in various
forms \ of j lntejlectual | marksmanship.
; When he was ? not \ busy • gathering in a
rich harvest of these valuable beasts h«
was drawing plans ! and ; specifications \u25a0 of
the left hind legs of bullfrogs or the up
per right antennae of i the common t of
garden culex anopheles. -There is no
doubt that Percy could draw things of
this sort in a manner that: would have
made Sargent sit up and take, notice, -but
when it came : to y drawing useful^ things
like salaries or ..' extra pay '• for * overtime
he was al I to the bad arid no help in
sight. '\u25a0:»-; -;. - ; "--. -•-"(. s -; ; ; ?;".»{-*?: '. ;\u25a0; -..--\u25a0;
When he broke into the happy, family
circle one night" and ; announced \ that .it
was him to the State University as soon as
i \-. . " • . \u25a0.\u25a0 . . - ' \u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
. or operator, and fronTthe 'register of ar
rival^; mid .departure of trains and the
timetables :d-etermlnes: d-etermlnes the exact location
of all;, trains In the .vicinity of the re
ported fire arid between the fire and his
station. It is a time for quick' decisions.
He must map out his plan of, action.. He
must know where the sidings- are at
which to pass the regular trains. | He
•must not *forget the extras and specials
that may be on the road. He must think
of a multitude of things in a brief period
of time. He is rapidly sizing up the situ
ation as with feverish haste he fingers
the pages of the time table and register.
It is a scene of intense dramatic action
taking place in the little office of the
operator, with the engineer as the chief
figure.
The engineer checks the train register
to see what trains due have not arrived.
The superintendent in,- Sacramento givs
him running orders and train rights.
Sometimes, however, the telegraph wires
are down and* communication is impossi
ble. In such event the engineer proceeds
to the fire by "blocking" from station to
station by use of the telephone: If the
telephone wires shquld also be down, he
sends a "man ahead of the' train on foot
or on a gravity car to protect the fire
train from opposing trains. !
Meantime the crew/consisting of about
a dozen men, have clambered on the
train, some on top of the water cars,
some on the rear pilot, and all await the
start. Having received orders which
give him the absolute right of way over
all other trains, - and the track being
cleared, the engineer pulls open the throt
tle and the wild ride begins. In less than
three minutes after the receipt, of th«"
alarm the.train Is speeding away to the
scene of danger.- Every pound of steam
that can be safely crowded on is applied
in the_ race with the, flames. The engine
and cars sway from; side to eide as they
swing around the sharp curves, and the
train flashes past the stations and block
houses. It Is a thrilling and dangerous
ride. The speed attained on the se runs
of the fire train often exceeds a mile per
minute, and somo of the stretches or
road- are not built especially, for such
exhibitions of record-breaking time. It
certainlyiis a test of grit and pluck to
guide a ftraln In such a meteoric flight.
In a few minutes the train has reached
the scene of the fire. 'Then comes the
real work of the run. The engineer usu
ally takes charge of the situation and di
rects the forces in the .fight with the
fire. The arew work together with ra- '
pldityi and precision. The hose Is de
tached from the car and attached to the
pump on the engine, and powerful streams
are* soon; playing on -the burning sheds.
The -water supply Is In the tanks on the
he could find an unoccupied freight car go
ing in that direction his parents threw up
their hands. in disgust. 'You can see from
that how sick they were of Percy.. His
father . told : him that ; henceforth . he was
no son' of his, : and \ his mother wept j large
weeps into a perfectly, clean handkerchief
and inquired between' \ sniffs what h*
meant ; by., his ' base ingratitude. \u25a0 At this
lavish exhibition of parental . sympathy
and j affection Percy / retired still further
into his : shell and ; plugged :up the | hole.
He saw I that it , was ' to be . a game j of
freeze-out \u25a0 and . that he had \ to \ make \u25a0 good
or j retire I from j the game for keep 3. | There
were no more chips- corning to him j from
the parental bank. ','-'?'. ' •
: At this ., point:" Percy rose to the occa
sion , and stood; on it with both 7 feet,
demonstrating* for the first time in human
history; that :, whatever ; 7 a irose might do
under s an ' alias, • at ; least one \ Percy; was
man enough -to r live down his name. \u25a0 To
trace his progress through' the State Uni
versity i would ;. be ' a . tedious ' matter; I arid,
besides, - the - trail i is : cold by ~ this time.
cars which are a | part of the train. If
the flre Is ,well under way and has as
sumed \ dangerous I proportions, a second
train may be sent from another station
and : the. two crews work from both sides
of the fire. But for ordinary fires one
train only Is sent out.
Fighting flre in the sheds is sometimes
an ugly piece of work, as the heat be
comes f. Intense, owing to tha highly 1 in
flammable character of .the material of
which the sheds are built, and the sur-
A Fable for the F6*6Tlsn
The simplest plan is to wait outside until
Percy emerges '.with his sheepskin under
his arm and his \u25a0 cerebellum ! wrapped in
chamois skin. [ ? It '\u25a0\u25a0 might '.. be suggested,
however, that" he . supported c himself . for
four, years xby acting as valet in chief \u25a0to
a Jersey cow and a family horse of large
appetite and* no: designs on. speed or
dinances. He also' continued his. pursuit
of the bug .that flieth by night and the
caterpillar : that creepetlr by \,day, and
wrote two or three highly interesting and
lavishly illustrated articles on the reasorf
why a grasshopper hops and .the voltage
of a firefly's lighting plant, "for which he
received ' ; great praise , f rom ' his professors.
Occasional -, reports .: of his progress
reached his sorrowing • relatives at I home
and V only conflrnied; their gloomy ?fore
bodlngs. "As i one \ of \ his loving brothers
put r it," there was no money ! in bugs— ex-;
cept j goldbugs," and * that * variety was " ex
tremely and : hard to land. '}\u25a0 The shoe
store ; brother > had *by this : time . acquired
full control .' of the -, plant I and :.was chair
man :of the *. alder manic "\u25a0 committee ' ;* on
rounding; brush and tree* easily ignite
and add to the extent of the trouble. The
blistering heat frequently causes th*
heavy : steel rails to warp and twist, ren
dering it necessary to lay new track
before trains can pass over the burned
stretches.
The heavy loss entailed by destructive
flres in the sheds which occur every y*ar
makes this branch of railroad mainten
ance a ', vital part In the economy of ad
ministration. The fire train and crew
NICHOLAS NEMO
street crossings and sewers. The fireman
had 'been promoted, to the" proud . post of
engineer- of a switch engine and the
school teacher had had his salary raised
twice in four years and was meditating
matrimony when he could find a woman
who could stretch a five-dollar, bill to
cover as many articles as a horse blanket
would.'!
About this time Percy blossomed out
with : a ; thesis on the 'commercial -value
of chinch buss, and on the strength of
it the United Stt-tes Department of Bug*
and Their. Uses appointed him special
commlssloricr'in^tho tield and sent him
to Germany for two years to study tha
German insect dn his native. heath. Ills
imperial 'Majesty.* B Hoch der Kaiser,
mado him a special speech all for him
self.; and conferred on j him . the decora
tion 'of . the Re»l ami Green Suspender In
recognition of his efforts In behalf of the
human race. On the strength o* tha
speech t and . the decoration. Percy c con
tracted /matrimonial obligations I with
the daughter • of : the Herr Professor
ar* most important lactori In th* various
branches of railroad lervlc*. And al
though they ax* broajat into prominence
only on -extraordinary occasions, ami
v-eref or» ar* little known to th» publio
at large, ytt their discipline and efficien
cy ar* constantly cultivated. Th« test
comes when emergency calls them Into
action to protect the Ira* of communica
tion between California and vie East.
It Is then that they demanstrats their
value.
Flelscbkugel. who was known as tha
most famous authority in the world on
the "ways of . the pestiferous but. mort
or less persistent mosquito.- He was
also the possessor of an independent in
come of n hundred thousand marks per
annum. As far as Percy was concerned
they.w*re easy mark*.
At the present writing Percy is the.
head of the Government Bus: Depart
ment, and the business | manager and
general passenger agent of ar«d antp
mobile; with a record of forty miles an
hour and three arrest* on ono trij>. 11 W
brother's shoe, store has been sold to
pay taxes; the switch engine blew up
and eliminated, the engineer, and tha
school teacher 13 still i looklnjr for a
woman with a rufticifljit knowledge of
the. elastic cualilte* of hve-.lollar Mils,
All of which goes- fc> show that wbil*
a child ma.y !>«• the father to the. man.
It's a wlso «:hild that knows Its own
father. - It also shows that great things
from small bog-innings grow.
; (Copyright, 1903. by Albert Brttt)FROM MOUNT TAMAPAIS TO HONOLULU
* a % "y OU were In a good deal of
/ f d»Ji|f«»r climbing "P that
(J tru-i- '
This is my greeting from
"— Captain Ross, in charge of
construction of the Pacific "Wireless
Telegraph Company's new station on
Mount Tamalpais as I, breathless,
reach the top of the slope.
"If the car that was just ahead of
you had broken loose from the hoisting
engine, It would have gone_down hill
at a great rate, taking you with It,"
he continues, sternly.
"But nothing like that ever did hap
pen here," I offer. In a still, small voice,
hoping he will adroit he has been pic
turing a vague might-have-been.
"Oh. yes. It did," he replies. "One
day when we had the car loaded with
those big twelve-by-twelves it broke
loose and the timbers went flying over
the slope as far as Redwood Springs."
I promise j.«>ver to do it again.
I had not thought of any danger In
climbing the spur leading: from the
main line of the "crookedest railroad In
the world" to the top of the West peak,
but only of the distance that seemed
endless and the slope that I after
ward learned shows an incline of 37^4
per cent.
A heavy fog enveloped the mountain
— though the sun had shown brightly
enough until we reached the double
bowknot point in the ascent— and it
was impossible to see more than a few
feet ahead. Just when I began to fear
I should never reach the summit, the
cloud curtain was lifted by a breath
of wind and I stood face to face with
many evidences that the new station
will soon be an accomplished fact.
The most striking evidence, the thing
that dwarfs everything else in sight, is
a great trianguar structure that lies
across the little pleateau of the sum
mit and is supported by a long trestle
out over the slope. It is tht first of
the great towers of the most powerful
wireless telegraph station ever planned.
At first glance, with its coat of black
paint, it appears to be of iron, but Cap
tain Ross, designer and builder, points
out that It is entirely of wood (Oregon
fir for the most part, though there is
some oak in its construction), and that,
the only metal are the bolts and braces
which are to enable it to resist the
strongest winds that may blow. It is
three hundred feet long, tapering from
twenty feet wide at the base to four
feet at the top. and weighs sixty tons.
If this tower had been built as a
square it could have grown from the
foundation upward, timber upon timber,
and there would have been no problem
of raising it In one piece. But a square
tower offers too much resistance to the
wind, and if you have ever stood on the
summit of Mount Tamalpais you know
••hat the strongest winds on this pen
i«i)--il:i are as summer zephyrs in com
iv...'*un with the breath that there
ijcios from the Pacific.
An equilateral triangle was the form
determined u*>on, and the two towers
were built accordingly at Adams
wharf, in Oakland. After being found
satisfactory in every detail they were
taken apart, ferried across to Sausalito
and sent uo the mountain to their »ew
home. Here, on the long' trestle, the
first of them has been put together, and
as It now lies completed the base all
but touches the foundation of natural
rock and concrete that is ready to re
ceive it.
The West peak, as I should tell you. Is
about a quarter ol a mile from the fa
mous Tamalpais Tavern and is over 2000
feet high, far above all natural obstruc
tions, if, Indeed, anything can be consid
ered an obstruction to this wonderful
force of electricity.
On first inspection it gave no evidence
of having been especially designed by a
bountiful nature for the site of awireless
nation. The crest of the hill was held
Ly irregular rocks, soft and shaley. with
hardy chaparral, the long roots eighteen
inches underground, growing in the crev
ices and wherever the rocks gave place.
In order to provide a level of 115x40
feet, ©30 tons of this rock were blasted
off. Other blasting cleared the way for
the 10SO feet of special track and when
that was laid the company felt they were
really making headway.
, Up its steep incline the small -flat cars
have made countless trips carrying tim
bers, heavy chains, iron cables, hawser?,
bolts, tools and all the many parts that
go t^> form the stupendous whole. They
have been passenger cars, as well, for
though visitors have not been frequent,
there are some forty workmen, ship
builders, riggers and Italian laborers,
who have cone up and down the short
length of the line many, many times.
Notwithstanding Us rock ballast, this
track showed a tendency to uilde down
ward and in order to anchor it securely
a "dead man" was put in. That sounds
ghoulish, doesn't it? I do«e to me until
Captain Roes explains that a dead-man
is a heavy block of wood burled as far
below the surface as needs be to reach
bed rock, to which it is held by long bolts
ar.d cement. By chains or wire cables
the track is attached to this dead-man
and all chance of its yielding to the force
of gravity is at an end. ~. *
As we go over the work, we come
across other dead-men, many of them— as
if the hill had served Bat Masterson for
iL last resting place of those offenders
\u25a0** cscne under his official notice.
On the western slope, perhaps one hun- '
dred and twenty-five feet from the foun
dation waiting for the first tower, there
is the longest mound of all and as we
look at it recall that, "There were giants
in those days."
"Yes." answters my guide, "there was
one thirty feet long. It lies fifteen feet
below the surface and is held by eye
bolts to the bed rock. Six barrels of
cement icakt it solid as the rock itself
ar.fi I think we could tear the mountain
down before it would come out. That
will be our main support."
By means of two crab capstans, them
selves anchored to the solid rock, have
been raised the masts o"r shears which
are to aid In lifting the tower. These
masts are 140 feet high aad weigh IS
tons, bo that the problem of putting them
In position and holding them securely by
ruy wires was no simple one and Jts
solution argues a favorable outcome for
the greater effort bo soon to be made.
/
THE WIRELESS TELISGRAFH STATION TO BE BUILT OT, I JIOU.Vr T AM AM'AtS WJMt II IT !S CIiAIMED WILLJCONMiICT US WITH HONOLULU. THE TOWERS ARE 300 FEET HIGH
; AVD ARE SIOTSOCO FEET ABOVE THE SEA; c / - ,*"
From these shears extends a heavy
«able to the prostrate frame around
which are eight lashings. The first lash
ing Is made 150 feet from the foot or
heel, and the. last one 60 feet from the
top. By bridles these lashings arc joined
In sets of two. then groups one and two
are joined, as are three and four, and
another bridle joins the two groups thus
formed. This last bridle "represents the
main purchase of the cable, in lifting thc^
tower.
Because it would not be possible for
men on the sides of the mountain to' pay
out the guy wires evenly ' as the tower*
goes up, cavils are arranged on the front
legs of the tower, at the heel, and every
guy wire comes to a cavil and Is num
bered. The men are similarly numbered
and will be easily under the direction of
their foreman.
I wish I could tell you of all the dif
ficulties the builders have encountered
and the ingenuity they have shown.
You would be interested in the way
they made the engine brings itself up
the slope, carrying- no weight but its
own <the coal and water being sta
tioned at short intervals along the side
of the track; and covering the entire
distance of on*-fifth of v mile in an
hour and "fifteen minutes. You would |
be interested, too. in tJic water supply,
which is .brought ,from. Redwood
Springs, and In the houses, built .for
the temporary homes- of the workmen,
but there is no time to go into those
details,, for it is.almost the hour for
the raising of the tower, and every- .'
body Is in a state of tension that
dwarfs all that has gone before. "* •
V lie ; induction ccoH,*jno"w..^ under con
struction in Los Angeles, will measure 1
fifteen feet in, length and will weigh
approximately four tons.; It will throw
a spark fifteen feet long and 'as large
as a man's body. Two. thousand miles
of No. SO silk-lnsulateci wire aro needed
in "Its building and In controlling Its
enormous current of 5.000,000 volts -at
least 3000- pounds of copper wire \u25a0 will .'•
be suspended between the two towers.
THE SAN' FR A NGISCO SUNDAY CALL^
This wiro is shown in the accompany
ing', illustration, connected JwlthCtfTe
central* station by means of a single
great wire, heavily-insulated;.- .
And a very serious problem will be
this one of proper : insulation.^ More
than a ton of specially prepared^ paper
and beeswax will be.u sed; In tint coil "it
self, and it will be' inclosed iii a double
glass case, with rubber padding between
the plates to prevent' their; being In
jured by the heaviest discharge. The
aerial wires are .to be protected by
Glass 'and 'rubber and on tho forty-eight
guy wires blocks of ,' Australian « Iron
bark, tested/ and boiled In ' pnrnfline.
will .aid. in "preventing.' Riiyy appreciable
loss of current; through; the Htmosphorc.
.In order to appreciate, tli«>( magnitude
of the •, equipment, 'we "have-; only ' to*'corn
pare It with thnt of other ft tritlVtifit hut
have been successfully opprntrd, For
example, in: one of his rurly Hi tempts
to rommunlcntfi" from ;; Hngltind to
France, ncross »th«« •\u0084". Kmklmli '. CliittinH,
Marconi used a. ten-Inch Induction coll
V ' ' ' ' '\u25a0
by. means of. which he caused a spark. to
pass through a spark gap about three
quarters of an irrch.in length. The pole
supporting the'air wires, was only .one
hundred and fifty feet high. ,
From '; some' source I ' had the state
ment that a wire twenty feet high will,
carry an effective signal oiie mile; for
ty fpet high, four miles;' eighty feet
high, 16 mile*-, and so in like ratio. I
asked \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0".whether.-.. this were true and
whether/. all", things would not there
fore,',', be j possible to-; a., three hundred '•\u25a0
foot tower so set as to be 'practically,
three thousand feet* above" the sea.
It was polrited-out that the theoryjof:
exact ratio "between the height of the"
mast or tower and the distance to
which : service would be rendered :was a
mistaken ont 1 and. that:, the main value '
of. the high towers lies in the fact'that
thoy/mny carry a sTeator; quantity of
the 'copper jwlre- necessary ; f or handling*
the powerful current without which, the
cloctrlo' waves cannot be sent 'over long
distances. ' ,/ '\u25a0^~~ 7 l : ~
It "is claimed that this problem of
handling the current generated is the
only one. to bt considered in the es
tablishment •of wireless telegraphic
communication with Japan and as soon
as the new station, is completed, as
soon as ; the operators become accus
tomed to using its enormous power,
tests'wlll be made to establish definitely
its possibilities. \u25a0
The transmitting instrument in prac
tically all wireless telegraphy systems
is a key not unlike. that with which we
are familiar: In! the "Morse" and other
wlre-and-pole- systems. The point of
contact ,- Is much larger In the - wireless
instrumf-ntsOhowevcr, for whereas In
the^ Morse. key there Is a point of only
orfe-thirty-second of an inch. - the wlre
kss key provides for contact" of about
one-fourth of an inch. This for the
reason that a very much stronger' Im
pulse isjmeded In sending the wireless
messages than in '.communicating by the
older telegraphic method.
Every iuf-entor ot. a. plan of wireless
telegraphy., and there are many, has in
the receiving apparatus his paten tea
feature. According to certain sys
tems communications are received as a
series of dots and dashes impressed upon
a narrow paper tape, dots and dashes
which the operator reads by sight, or
touch, or both, and transcribes.
Some others, including: the on»
to be used on Mount Tamalpals, have
the - receiving instrument equipped with
a microphone Dy which the dots ami
dashes are audible to the operator, who
writes the messages as rapidly as heard.
It is claimed that the average -of fifteen
to twenty words per minute made by op
erators of the former can be raised to
thirty-five to forty words per minute by
use of the microphone.
"Kow does It happen." I asked, "that
other people do not read your messages,
since the common air is the medium?"
"Well," replied General Manager New.
"If other people, will equip -themselves
with a complete apparatus and a receiv
ing station and will arrange to have their
Instrument tuned to the same rate of vi
bration as the transmitting Instrument,
they can intercept messages, but don't
yon think it would be a difficult thing
to do?
"One can get a little outfit for $2 50
by which he can tap the ordinary tele
graph wire and learn what messages
are being" transmitted, or he may even
get communications by induction without
having any outfit at all. If he under
takes to intercept wireless messages he
will find It a very different proposition.
"Experiments have been made to de
termine whether one station could read
the messages intended for another and
the tests have always shown that unless
the same rate of vibration was secured
in both no Intelligible word could be re
ceived."
Since the* power of the Impulses de
termines the distance to which messages
can be sent, it is plain that vessels at
.sea can receive reports from the Mount
Tamalpais station when they cannot re
ply, their own equipment being neces*
sarlly much lighter.' It is confidently
expected, however, that it will be a sim
ple matter for ships to send messages to
the mountain station — or any other sta 5 .
tion for that matter— from points 400 «>r
500 mil*>s at sea. and early in the n»rv
year, whep thi3 station will be com
pleted, steamer equipment will be ready
for use so that practical trials can be
made.
If v/e are to appreciate the rapidity with
which wireless telegraphy, has been de
veloped we must bear in mind that it Is
hardly ten years since the first actual es
tablishment of this form of communica
tion according to a syst< n that was sat
isfactory in a limited way. .
It was a year later that Marconi, who
had been carrying on his investigations
without any knowledse of the work done
by this earlier experimenter, filed request
for temporary protection against Infringe
ments of his rights, recording the final
specifications in the spring of ISD7.
Already the field of usefulness for the
Invention so far exceeds first expecta
tions it is not' too much to: hope that an
other decade may Shaw a-drgreeof pro
gress- resulting "ia- message* being sent
around the" 'world. ' - ' -V s
An early theory was that the curvature
of the earth's surface . would prevent
transmission of messages j between sta
tions separated" one-fourth to one-half
the earth's circumference, but recent ex
periments have discredited this, and we
are now asked to. believe there are no
limitations. Just as the proverbial pebble
in the still mill pond starts a. vibration
that influences— ln the last analysis— the
final limits, so does the Hertzian wave
in the sea of ether. But observe the dif
ference. Though there can be no guiding
of the waves started by the tossed peb~d
ble. the electric waves can be directed
and made to carry the thoughts of men
as far as they may be transmitted.
And think what It will mean to us—
this most powerful wireless telegraph
station on the continent!
The ZIOO miles of water that separate
us from Honolulu will be annihilated by
direct, constant communication. All pas
sengers on boats making the long voyage
may be in dally touch with the happen
ings in these. United States and the
world. |
Portland. 773 miles distant overland, will
be brought close, and as other stations
are to be established at*' intermediate
points— a number being now under con
struction—we will shortly experience the
advantage of a new service. supplement-
Ing the telephone and the old system of
telegraphy.
The Government can more fully prottct
its sea interests and we shall have an
added source of information regarding
storms from the west.
Once established, neither storms • nor
winds nor climatic changes have power
to break the service; Indeed, if there ia
a difference, the Impulses are more eas
ily transmitted and received in cloudy,
foggy weather than at any other time.
The most difficult are the heavily wooded
countries, forests having a tendency to
interrupt the vibrations, yet in the treat
timbered tracts of the Northwest, in
Washington and British Columbia, wire
less stations have been In operation for *
a period of years without a -break. -"^
We are not now so inclined to say of
a new invention that it is impossible
or visionary. That was once tne con
ventional attitude toward any offering j
that represented a pronounced de
parture from existing achievements,
but through the years we have had
many opportunities to learn the im
portance of "an open mind."
How many, many wise ones of earth .
declared that the Morse telegraph
would never be practical; that the
trans-Atlantic cable could never be
laid, that even if it should be laid it
could never work satisfactorily; that
the Bell telephone was the dream of
an erratic mind : that the Edison elec
tric light whs a mere fancy that could
never be realized!
" Fortunately for us, inventors are
made, of determined stuff. Th^y are
not easily discouraged and their ac
complishments have continued to en
rich *a scoffing: and incredflous public;
a 'public, .it is but just to say, that Is
lavish In Ha appreciation when vhe- last
chance fof doubt und unbelief has been
Removed.
Perhaps wireless telegraphy has "had
more willing acceptance by t!j? popu
lar mind than any other of the great
inventions of ,its class. In the- light
of what* lias been done nothing- seems
quite Impossible and we are. learning
that - the phillstine in invention, liks
the phiHstine in art,- is usually one who
has -not given himself an opportunity
to know the matter he <!epreclate*:-
The Call ' was th«? first amonpr locil
papers ; to show its confidence In the;
new, forni of comunnlcntion and it iss ;»4|
cause for congrntul.^ilon that practical-"* 1 "
ly. from our own city will ho conduct
«'d a series of experiments and demon
strations that will "be watched _witli ..
\u25a0keenest Interest by the entire scien
tific and commercial world.
MABEL BEESON.THE CONVERSION
OF ELVINY
/Copyright by the S. S. McClure Co.)
r y m [ MAZIAH, you dare read off
. Jsv* f I your composition now," said
f— | Ell' Darmstetter, addressing
V, I the largest pupil of the class
JL that sat before him in his
fc-choolroom. one warm afternoon* in
April.
Amaziah Mas a stalwart young man
of 20; his sun-browned fact and hands
bore evidence that he was a son of the
soil, and his countenance, though some
what heavy, was *o open and honest,
hSb eyes ana mouth so kindly, that the
heart of the comely Elviny warmed to
him.
This youth of 20 and damsel of 17
were by no means exceptionally old pu
pils In the Canaan District School, the
short winter term of six months giving
so little opportunity for an education
that many of the sons and daughters
of the district farmers availed them
e*lve*> thereof til! even a later age.
\u25a0rt.m-T.ziah in a loud though embar
rassed voice announced his subject and
read his production.
"The study of Geography which so
many people delight in studying, is
studied in all most all parts of the
Earth and has been studied since the
beginning of the World already. With
out Geography we could not get along
just so very well still, for if we wanted
to gro to Philadelphia. We might go to
Harrlsburg In a mistake not knowing
what direction Philadelphia was from
us. When Columbus sailed from Spain
in search of the new World He might
of vent in the opposite direction if He
liad not of studied Geography before he
undertook the expedition. Geography
Is off great importance to travelers that
>«ye to trftvel all over the World 4or
-«k>hey did not know where th* places ;.
tftey wanted to travel was They might
of never found the places they -wanted
to travel." . . .
Amaziah had often Baid that he
would rather plow. for a week than-
write one composition. The above had
been an especially strenuous effort,
made in the hope that E]viny "wouldn't
think he was so wonderful dumb, for
all he couldn't speak off pieces of po
etry as good as her."
He looked vastly relieved as he sat
down; and he listened and watched
with closest attention as Elviny, in her
turn, gracefully rose, and, placing the
tips of her fingers on her lips, coughed
genteelly before commencing to read:
"Single life is the happiest life that
ever was spent when you are single
you can go when you please and come
when you please and stay as long as
you please. When you are single you
have nothing on your mind still to
bother you. Single life Is the sweetest
life that was "ever spent.- When you
are single you can do as you please
you have nothing to bother your mind
at all."
Without so much as glancing toward
Amaziah to note the full effect of these
radical sentiments; Elviny complacent
ly resumed her seat. As for him, he
found himself co painfully surprised at
learning that such were the views of
the girl wJth whom he "kep steady
comp'ny" that he had no attention to
give to the remaining compositions of
the cIaES.
On their way- home from -school, in
the April afternoon sunshine, he ex
postulated with her. -.:,-.:
"Elviny," he said, reproachfully, as
side by side they walked on the high,
wide pike, "the way you spoke in that
composition, it was something shame
ful! I didn't think to hear you read off
such thoughts as them." •
"Och, don't be so dumb, Amaziah,"
Elylny said, poking him Impatiently
with her elbow. "A body don't haverto
mean everything that a person writes
off in a composition. I had to write off
somepin then, and it was so'warm.l
couldn't ' think what \u25a0" for thoughts ' to
\u25a0write. There for a while I had a mind
to put down how solemn if^ras to get
married. But then It came to me," sh«
said seriously, "how it would be a good
deal more solemn , not •to get married.
So I Just wrote off them thoughts
about single life/to get through once."
Amaziah's face lighted up with relief.
'Td have thought you meant it, and I
was now bothered something wonderful
already."
WHY wait for the occurrence
of some terrible calamity to
manifest sympathy with
human need and woe ?, Such an
1 event is simply an ! accentua
ition of what is taking place almost
I every day. In many a city and village.
, Children are drowned, or burned or
maimed ; the death' angel ' dismembers
'many, a household; persons} who went
to their day's toll In perfect health are
i brought back at ' night in an ambu
lance to spend long- years, perhaps,
'chained to their beds or ''chairs. ; In
i most cases the facts are summed. up in
,a brief lineor two which you read and
speedily forget; even though. the unfor
tunate victim may ; be ; ; only < a - block
away from your 'own -residence..
1 Yes, it is , too . true -;. that * every ". day
ibrings a ' chance \u25a0 to sympathize with
i your fellow men, but the trouble, ls, -we
are all - too : busy . ; to ' take the { time \or
1 give " the thought' required \ for; tactful,
helpful ministration? to persons smitten
down almost- without warning or to the
\u25a0 •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY ; CALU
H. R. MARTIN
great army "of Invalids , and "shut-Ins"
who lie on weary-beds and wish that
some one would i come like va , fresh
breeze from the outside world, bringing
the- contagion of health and good cheer.
But does not this call to extend Bym
pathy dally throw a • somberness : over
life? How can we enter zestfully Into
Sy mpathy
Seven Days
in the Week
' sports and " pastimes \u25a0 and the \ Joys vof
social relationships if at the same time
we must keep ' our eves and ears', open
for, the ; presence; of i disaster,, grief , and
death , in : the" world ? • Well, ousht I not
life to be^ a Cmore serious ; affair,' for
most of usUhan it\is?/-Do "we^not in'
these easy-going days shrink too much
from all contact with pain? If terrible
things are occurring in the next street
or down in. the factory district or on
the railways or . in Macedonia or India, i
it isn't- manly in us to want to ignore
them entirely, lest our own merrymak
ings should; be clouded. : - - . , J
• Con't bottle upVyour sympathy, then,,
and hold It in reserve for some Mount
Pelee •\u25a0 eruption, or • some' awful ; ship
wreck r keep it on ; tap for the daily (
tragedies of the -world -in which /you
move, for the ordinary, sorrows of your,
fellow-men. -Thus you will become an- 1
gels of blessings, true ministers .of the
divine comfort; almoners of the; pity, or
Almighty : God. • Thus . sorrow . and suf- '
ferlng become .transfigured, easier to,
bear.? easier to interpret.; seen to have
their necessary part in the development
of characters Good'ls that one: touch
of i sympathy -< which « makes ; the whole
world kin in the moment of a, great,
disaster; better is that- store, of sympa
thy \u0084w hich lasts from Sunday, morning
until; Saturday night and which is ever
bestowing " itself upon >. stricken . ana
lonely; hearts. ' \u25a0 ;, THE; PARSON.-;
There had been a~ tacit" engagement of
marriage between these two ever since
four years before, when Elviny was 13
and Amaziah . 16. It had happened one
'summer evening^ while they had been
Bwinging together in a hammock by the
front gate of Elviny's home. She had
suddenly, and unexpectedly said to
Amaziah:
"Say, will you be mad if I tell you
something, Amaziah 7" ' .
"Naw!" in a tone of affectionate scorn
at the suggestion. "Let It out!"
"Say— l love you!"
"Aw— r knowed that already. Tou be
mad if I tell you somepln, Elviny?"
"No; go on; tell me oncet."
"I love you."
The understanding thus established
hadgrown clearer every day and hour
of the past four years.
"There's just or^y but one thing, El
viny, that I wlsht— "
"Now, Amaziah, I know what you're
at— you ' needn't say nothin' about
that!" Elviny tried to check him. "I
don't want to hear it!"
Amaziah set his Jaw obstinately. "It's
time me and you had this here thing
out and done with it," he affirmed. "I
like you better*n any girl in Canaan
district, but I ain't goin* to waste my
time settin* up Saturday evenings with
ft girl that's likely any day to give her
pelf up and put on them darned Noo
Mennonlte little white caps and gray
dresses with them foollsh-lookin* capes!
X know;them Noo Mennonltes!" he de
fiantly-exclaimed, his resolution to
•peak his mind at Its highest. Elviny
turned pale at his tone and look of de
termination.
"Tour folks is Noo Mennonites from
way % back to i your great grandfather
already, and when It's in a body's blood
that there way, they're bound to give
themselves< up sooner or later— unless
they promise they won't never! I'm
afraid of it for, you, Elviny."
"A body to hear you talk, Amaziah,
\u25a0would think it was the smallpox any
how, 'stid of religion!" Elviny almost
sobbed.' ;<>-..•
"Yes, and I'd anyhow as soon It was
the smallpox! Elviny, I'd as soon see
you dead as see your pretty face in one
of them darned—"
"Amaziah! I ain't goin' to listen to
no.sichtalkf- You speak something
shameful!" ; •-"'
"Well, I like you 'cause you're pretty,
and if you went and made yourself
ugly by wearin* them caps and capes
and. dull colors, and if you went and
turned plain and wouldn't never no
more go to town with me to see a cir
cus or a county fair or have our pho
\u25a0 tographs took or whatever, where'd be
any comfort for a feller In beln* mar
ried? Elviny, I tell you now, straight
forward, I don't want to be married to
no Noo Mennonlte. And if I ain't to
marry you, I. don't want to waste my
time settln' up with you Saturdays."
"Then you needn't! I guess I can
find' a plenty' others that wants to set
up with me." . .- iJ '\u25a0 •*
Amaziah's determined Jaw slightly
relaxed. But he he"ld out. "And I
guess, I ; can; mebbe find others that
wants -me 'to 'set up with 'em, JElviny,
so far forth as that goes," he* retali
ated.' ;
"You'll be keepln* comp'ny, I guess,
with Sally Haverstick then!"- crossly
said 'Elviny. :»
"It's very probable," he relentlessly
acknowledged, "unless you pass me
your promise you won't never, as long
as. you live, put on one of them little
white caps with ties."
"But, Amaziah, how can a body
tell • whether :or no she'll ever coma
under conviction and be led to glvo
herself up?". Elviny reasoned with
.him. "I might never, mebbe. Then
again, I might any day. Yon might
mebbe some -time come under con
viction yourself. - A body, can't tell of
them things. I can't choose you in
stead of Christ, can I? I think you
are, now, onreasonable."
. "You pass me your promise you
won't never put on their little white
caps with strings— that's all I got . to
say. Anything you want me to prom
ise back, I'll say yes to. If you'll pass
me that promise, Elviny, I'll marry
you and be the best husband to you
that anybody kin."
Elviny knew full well the force of
these words,* for v Amaziah always
meant Just what he said, and always
stuck to It. Moreover, he would bo
fully able to carry out his promise to
be a good husband to her, for he was
the ; only son of a father who owned
three -large, rich farms, and was,
therefore, in the language of the
neighborhood, "well fixed."
"I tell you, Amaziah," Elviny said
brokenly, "how can a body make such
a promise like what that is? If ever
I came under conviction — "
"Then Join the Methodists or the
Baptists.' I pass it as my opinion that
there's good in all religions. You can
have religion without turnin' plain.
The Methodists stays fashionable after
they are' convicted of their sins."
"But If I was ever to come under
conviction, Amaziah, I couldn't never
hold to the things of the world no
more. It wouldn't be according to
Scriptures, deedn't it wouldn't," she
pleaded, with quivering lips. "Oh,
Amaziah!"
They had turned from the pike Into
the lane leading to Elviny's home,
and the girl suddenly stopped short
and leaned against the face, bent
her arm over : her eyes Ilk© a child
and sobbed. Amaziah's kindly face
twitched with sympathy for her trou
ble as he awkwardly stood before her.
"I guess you think I'm usin' you
mean, Elviny," he said, tenderly, but
with no relaxation of his firmness.
"But "it's for the happiness of us
both In ' the ! coming - future before us,
Elviny. I couldn't be contented mar
ried to no Noo Mennonlte. I couldn't
like you If you didn't dress and act
, fashionable like me." /:
. "But mebbe I'll never be called to
turn, plain," Elviny pleaded. "Mebbe,"
she said hopefully, "the spirit won't
never lead me to see the light."
"But 'then again' mebbe It will. I
ain't takln", no such risks. You pass
me your— here -comes your Momi"
The sudden appearance at the fence
of a stout woman holding, a dishpan
full of lettuce was the occasion of Ama
ziah's digression. . The woman, was
dressed in the "plain" garb of the New
Mennonites— a straight gathered' skirt,
an untrlmmed waist extending below
the belt, (to distinguish them from the
: Old. MennonltesJ whose basques end at
the :belt), a three-cornered cape of the
same material as. the gown.-and a little
white ;'cap; with flying ties. At a first
glance Mrs." Dlnklebergrer's face ap
peared to be commonplace enough, sto
lid/ heavy, uninteresting; but a closer
examination revealed In her otherwise
>dull{eyes a look :,that = only a deep ex
perience ;of life can give to any coun
tenance; that ; look "* which shows that
through some channel the soul has
sounded its own nether foundations and
i has . laid • hold upon ; a Reality^ which
only .those who 'lose themselves in the
-larger life of the Divine can* ever find.
"Well," she said in a mild voice, !"ar»
yous home a'ready? It's only a quar
ter till four."
"We come right away out then," said
Elviny, speaking cheerf uly to hide the
signs- of her. weeping. "Ain't we did.
Amaziah? Are you pickln' the lettuce
for market. Mom?" .
"Yes, I thought I'd do It for Fop; than
it* would be done."
"Why didn't you wait till I corns to
help you through oncet? She does too
much still," she added explanatorily- to
Amaziah. "Ever since she had the pee-,
noo-mony it makes her so tired till she
gets the work through."
"Yes, I'll be glad when Elviny's dona
school oncet, so's she can help me stilL
We got such big washln's — till each haa
their pile, the wash Is big already.".
"That's what Mom says still," said
Amaziah sociably. "And she alnt no
daughter to help her— only a dopplis
(awkward) hired girl."
"Well." said Mrs. Dinkleberger,. "I
got to go In now and make supper.
Won't you come in, Amaziah, and set a
while?"
"Saddy (thank you), but I cant Just
bo very convenient to-day. Good-by."
"Good-by, Amaziah. then."
Without looking at her lover, 'Elviny
took the books from his hands over
the fence.
"Promise. Elviny," he whispered, ej
he gave them to her. "Go on, dear!
That you won't never wear one of
them- "
Elviny shook her head, the tears ris
ing again to her eyes.
"You think It out and write me off
a note then," was his parting admoni
tion. And Elviny left him and hasten
ed after her mother.
Elviny had known from the first
that when Amaziah took that tons of
firmness with her she would. In the
end, do what he demanded of her. So
she was not surprised at herself when
that night, sorely against her con
science, she dispatched a note to him,
giving the promise that he ' had re
quired, namely,^ that she would "never
wear one of them little white caps
with ties," this particular feature of
the Mennonlte garb evidently standing
to him for a symbol of all the ascetic
ism, and narrowness of the New Men
nonites* life.
1 But Amaziah's Joy In his conquest
was short-lived. When two evenings
later, being Sunday, he betook himself,
clad in the "fashionable" apparel his
soul loved, to the home of hl3 sweet
heart, he found her so pale, bo silent,
so woebegone that he was stricken
\u25a0with remorse and sorrow for her.
They did not discuss or even mention
the painful subject of the promise; but
Amaziah felt convinced after a two
hours' fruitless endeavor to make her
"act sociable and pleasant." that poor
Elviny would never b» "contented"
again with such a load of «in on her
conscience as that promise seemed
to be. .
"I wlsht I could see her lookin* con
tented "once again," he said to himself
orie Saturday evening, as, with little
pleasure In his visit/ ke walked up the
lane to her home.- "Blamed If I
wouldn't most be wlllln' to do any
thing to, see her lookln* contented
again."
He was destined to hay« this gen
erous wish of his put to the test soon
er than he had* counted on. When,
ten minutes later, Elviny walked Into
her' parlor to receive him. he. knew.
In a flash such as seldom came to his
monotonous, slow moving ' mental life,
that never had he seen her more
beautiful than she appeared to his
eyes this night. She was robed as she
had never been before. A light gray
skirt hung straight from her waist,
and a plain, untrimmed, close fitting
basque brought out the beautiful
womanly development of her bust and
shoulders and was \u25a0 not concealed by
the little three-cornered cape that lay
over her basque. v.'.'V
The letter of her promise to Ama
ziah had been that she would "never
wear one of them white caps with
ties"— but, oh, the subtlety of the
daughters of Eve and the fatuity of
the sons of Adam! — an Indian mull
cap, not white, but of the faintest
shade of gray and havln* no ties, cov
ered her head.
' However, her "plain" clothes "w«r«
not the greatest change he found In
her. What was this new light In her
eyes that looked up at- him with such
deep happiness shining in their clear
beauty? A feeling of .awe fell upon
Amaziah. Had Elviny Indeed got re
ligion? - '•• _. ."\u25a0
"You see, Amaziah'*— he- heard her
soft voice speak as though coming from
a distance, for there was a loud slnj
ing in his head that kept him from
hearing her clearly— "I'm keepin* my
promise. I ain't wearin" one of them
little white caps with ties. ; This here's
a tinted gray- cap • and ain't got no
ties. The scriptures haven't got noth
in' about the color nor the -ties., only
that a woman's head shall be covered
because her hair's a pride to her and
pleasing to the eye."
"Are you turned plain. EWar™
Amaziah managed to ask la a half
whisper.
"I've give myself up. Amaziah," she
replied with pale-faced, dear-eyed .res- v
olutlon. "I ain't broke my promise to
you and never will. I'll always wear
these here tmted caps without ties to
'em. Now you have the dare to take
me or leave me be." ,™_*-.^.
"Are you contented again, Ehrtnyt"
"I never knowed before what happi
ness It was to be had In this here life.
It's all in servln* the Lord. Amaziah.
I had such a troubled conscience — It
was now a wonderful troubled con
science I had this here while back- al
ready. ' And my fashionable clothes
they condemned me something turrlble.
But it's all over now, Amaziah. " I've
give myself ud and* I'm dressln' plain,
and I'll never walk no \u25a0 more In the
paths of this world." .* j '\u25a0'
Elviny slowly revolved herself for In
spection. When her back was toward
him. Amaziah measured her shapely
form with his masculine eye, then sud
denly put his arms about her and held
her close to his breast. *
."It becomes you something surpris
ing Elviny!" he whispered ecstatically.
"You never looked as pretty before.
And I never liked you as good as what
I do to-night!" „.,_.;.
She turned in his arms and laid her
head on his shoulder, with a long, hap
py sigh of relief. -He pressed his lips
to her soft neck and" downy cheek.
"But well have to be married soon,
Amaziah— before I Join meeting-, you
know. For after I'm once Joined, I
r can't marry In the world, no more. And
you're In the world, you know. So we'll
have to be married soon."
"All right. Elviny," \u25a0\u25a0 Amaziah heartily
responded. - "I'll make it suit Just aa
soon as I otherwise can! We'll be mar
ried till the back end of August al
ready!"CYNICAL moralizers upon
fashionable follies rate
among these the demand for
hard floors and rugs, which has in
creased and prevailed throughout
sur country within the last quarter
century. The' rage for rare and
costly rugs is reckoned among the
,«inf ul misuses of wealth, which oc
cupy the thoughts of professional
casuists, who furnish copy (at regu
lar rates) for magazine columns. In
fact, hard floors and movable floor
coverings are sensible innovations,
because healthful and economical.
Oui grandmothers prided them
selves upon keeping carpets "down"
for a term of years, yet keepii"?
them in good order all the time.
Their floors were of soft wood;
Kfuse odds and endd of boards were
reckoned good enough, since they
would always be covered. Dirt, beat
en fine by the broom, sifted through
ingrain, three-ply and rag carpets
into the cracks below; and with dust
vent "germs." "When disease got
into a house and stayed there, the
affliction was accounted "a visita
tion of God." Carpets, however
Ucrupulously "broom-clean," were
svte breeding places for perils in
visible to the naked housewifely eye.
There are still honorable women
rot a few who object to hardwood
THE BATH ROOM AND BATH ROOM
ETIQUETTE
Mary E. Carter
Copjri£hu rx&. by A. S. Haines tc Co.
Dti.iAij jicliuua vi ovu.«k«» <iCU
btitlUiß It in very essential to
feua.ru oath munii agaiusL <ttius«
through misuse. Scrubwomen
i . i.v. ii:ofcu who generally do ioufeh work
cannot be expected to realize the very
feieal importa.iice of keeping everything
that pertains* to a bath room in dainty
condition, for they have neither training
in nor time for carciul ways, .and ar«
usually much hurrieu, from place
to place about a house doing the bard
work that lalls to their lot. Iticretore
they axe not to be blamed tor any uam
uge if no pro\ibion has been made by a
responsible and interested person for
guarding a bath room ana tveiytmng in
it Irom being uefaced while cleaning is
in progress.
Of course, where there is a house
maid's closet, with hot and cold water
tuuects and a waste basin of ample di
mensions for receiving pails of water
tfashtnl into it in a hurry, the bath room
can then be locked and kept in perfect
coudinou against the coming of the
lamily who are to live in the house. But
then the waste basin should have some
thing placed in the bottom to hold back
all clogging stuff, or that pipe may get
choked. An ordinary wire sieve net In
over the opening, or an old colander,
will answer the purpose. Uhey can be
lifted as often as necessary -and the dust
and refuse collected therein sent below
lo the garbage can. But if there be no
euch place convenient for the workers
to use, they will have to go to the bath
room, for the steps of day-by-day toil
ers should always be considered and no
more imposed upon them than the ex
igencies of the occasion demand. There
fore, if the bath room must be open to
them, every mean* should be employed
to protect It from Injury.
KEEP PLUMBEBS AWAY
Bciorv any cleaning begins the floor.
If of bard ur -'.-.lned wood, ought to be
covered with strong paper fastened
down to keep it Immovable .under the
treading of leet. There is a stout dark
paper which comes in rolls for protect
ing tioors during cleaning times, always
used by bkillcd floor polishers, that
bears very hard usage without tearing.
This paper is the best thing that the
vnter knows of ior such occasions. The
bathtub and the basin can both be pro
tected by placing Jn each, over the
waste exit, the ii.-ta rubber mats that
come for that purpose. Upon these pails
caa stand without marring the porce
lain or marble.
Waste water should never be thrown
luto a bathtub because it makes ex
m.ordinary .waning frequently neces
sary lo prevent staiuing the tub. What
ever place may be chosen for getting, rid
of the dirty water during cleaning times,
vigilance will be requisite to avoid chok-
XnK the pipes, end something easily re
tsoved should always be used as a shield
SCHOOL FOR HOUSEWIVES
floors as "troublesome" Lcyond the
capacity of housemothers of moder
ate means.- They must be swept
twice a week, we are told, and dust
ed daily, if one would keep one's
bouse decent. Putting . aside, the
question as to the composite nature
of the dust removed, and which
would, if left "in a woolen carpet,
find its way gradually, but surely,
into the lungs and stomachs' of those
who walk, sit and sleep in the rooms
thus made "comfortable," let us rea
son together over this same obliga
tion of sweeping.
A soft hair broom is usually sold
for this purpose. I find a stiff,
Etauncb, rather brpad besom of the
regulation broomcorn variety, cov
ered with a snug bag of red flannel,
altogether the best agent in the
work.. It is as easily handled as a
cloth * duster; it may be i untied,
drawn off and washed when soiled;
and it does not- scratch the polished
surface of the floor.
The rugs,' be they cheap. or expen
sive, should be lifted and shaken
once a week, then laid upon . the
grass and swept on both sides.. After
which leave them lying on 'the grass,
if you have a patch of turf. If you
are a flat-dweller, let shaking, sweep
ing and sunning be done upon the
housetop or in a .vacant lot. or in a
to hold back the malted stuff that com
monly collects at' tnose limes. This is
one of many instances uuring house
cleamug wneii the proverbial uuuee of
prc-vei.iion bpares t>ome one pounds,
shillings and pence of expense lor cure.
An early call upon— and -f mm— the
pluiaber tor repairs .is not invariably
fraught with unalloyed- pleasure to a
houbenold, either immediately or- when
the inevitable" bill is presented ior pay
ment. Far better, by a little forethougnt
-and' painstaking, avert iiustiuc mischief
than experience- the - -vexatious, conse
quences ot one'js own omission to safe
guard exposed places. . It is "childish to
blame others lor; damage occurring be
caure ot our own indolence t r negli
gence. Better is it to accept blame witli
responsibility, and be wiser the next
Urne ' USEFUL FURNISHINGS
There are various inexpensive conven
iences and aids to liuy housekeeping
winch maKe small extra jous that are'
mucii easier aiidiucu Lv at bcilting lime
lhau UUcf <u|i, HU«ii eVeryuuUo V> in
Oldtl. .
one very , great corivemtnee in a batli
Ivuui la a tuviei UHC ul a. nd^iii,
piaCCU a o a.'uU tUu ( V»U.U jxll' uVuauU t«IU
iwuui, c^.wt:pt v»liclc -11 VvoutU lULcrivic
w*ih other , btatiouirV f urmturc liaio
o^.a.u.» j B.^Mbi' uVcacl pla.iu arc eiiiicst
feept clean. ' ' '..'., .-' .' -
l^vciy bath - iul> should, ue provided
w»iu v. l<iit><: : iapoiiot-noiuei' of Wir« vi
metal, auu a bokp-uoluer also, elluer ot
tne-tai of inuia rubber. Tiiey. an »uvuia
liautt, nut sUkliU, on the- batU tuui eU£«.
uver tUe face basin', or «ise Dessiae it, uo
oliier soap-llolucr should hang, it is less
trouble to Keep thlugb looking nice- in a
bath -room where Homing is allowed to
bland ou the basin's tuge ur ou ! tht»
bathtub, because when, left on « those
places they are apt to get pushed auuut
• aunu tra.ve- no bellied auiUUig- piace, and
it takes longer; tv clean ' up witn things
in the. way. to-be lifted about. * ' ; . .
A Bfct-ol inclosea hanging shelves can
be übed lor many things needed in a ,
bath room; they will, at the auinu time,
aid in preserving order. In xact, that
«nd should be always' in view wlicii
house-settling jis going -on. ingenious
people can.' contrive, many inexpensive '
udditio'ns to a house, that will cultivate
iiabn.s ot" order intho&e who't>eem mo&t .
disorderly."'-' •'\u25a0 ' '<-'. "- \u25a0^ t
; Thrcts-or four large . double clothes
hooks screwed upon the intiiie of a bath
room's door, anu left exclUKivcly-for the
use of persons going in there for a bath,
are among 'the requisites for. that" room.
So one., should, be .allowed .-<to-monopo
lize , anything in . a bath - room- used by
several persons. Jt should be always
free and ojm>ii to all, and invariably. left
in order by the last bather. . A bottle of
inodorous disinfectant ought always to
be kept in everj' bath. room, ,but beyond
the reach of children. At least once a 1a 1
week- some of the bottle's contents
should be poured down every waste pipe.
HARD WOOD FLOORS &
RUGS VERSUS CARPETS
jyavct: uuck yard — but in the open,
air, and, when practicable, in the
sunshine. Fresh • air and sunliL,ht
ere the sworn enemies of, malevolent
microbes.
When you close your quarters for
the summer — or for the winter, for
that matter — : have every rug well
beaten. Flexible rods that do .not
abrade the nap or break the web i»re
best for this purpose. The wrong
side of tho ru;? should be beaten
first. To noundvthe right side is to
drive the dust .into the fluffy sur
face. When thoroughly beaten, the
rugs should be as thoroughly sun
ned. If .this cannot be done, make
a "smudge" of. sulphur scattered
upon a pan of burning- coats, in the
bottom of a larj-c- packing box, and
. lay the rugs, "one - hfi one— wrong '
Eide down — over the fumes, shifting
to subject's new. part of* the fabric
to the, disinfectant every few. min
utes, f. Don't wait for the smell of
the sulphur to leave it before rolling
the rug, wrong side out, in burlaps
or stout, unbleached muslin. Sew
up one end, drop into the hollowed
centre a handful of camphor balls,
close the open end securely, arid defy
moth and microbes for the next ten
years. If no eggs ..and larvae are
left in the' rugs and the sewing is
properly done, none can get in.
There is no such thing as sponta
rprVpet '""^"-ntinn. *?"
• , — THE OTHER SIDE
Coming home after a summer by
lake or aea" ur anibug the ' hills, all
you have lo do with the coverings is
to. rip out the stitches, put away the
wrappings for :ext season, air the
rugs for a few hours, to. rid them of
the camphor; smell . and lay them
doivri upon freshly polished boards. .
Some of U3 live : inthoiises 'I whicH r
were built before the hardwood era.; ?
The refuse boards mentioned ' awhile
ago, are irregularly laid and cf soft
wood that doe 3; not | take* kindly , to I
paint or; varnish. : - Carpets- are a
necessity— mores the pity ! To lift
them" every spring :' involves !labori,
expensed and i inconvenience - tb.-the ,
".woman : of -limited means, which ; she
caa' ill afford.- ; They cannot be prop-
erly beaten on * the roof; or. in the'
back . yard ; a * mail {must .take [ them
up, and a professional "carpet man"
must lay- them down. \u25a0; When -these
things," ' and the Tduty of '"' weekly \u25a0
sweeping/ and daily;; brushing are ,
taken into account, our. economist
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY f CALL.
MARION HARLAND
of work and money gives her vote in
favor of hard floors and rugs/;
- A carpet uweeper takes upUhe
dust, and some housewives*-, agree
with tho patentee in declaring. that
it does not wear, away .the carpet.
Those who empty^the ..reservoir of
woolen fluff after each sweeping may
ircline to a 'different fopinion. :It is
THE HOUSEMOTHERS IN WEEKLY CONFERENCE
A WISCONSIN member contrib
utes a tentative list of meals
lor a day lor peopte of mod
erate -incomes..- 1 wish she had.
Inclosed the approximate expense of the
.same. Just, now we aru in eager quest
of ways and means by' which a. f:>mlly
of four, or tven two, can eat nourish- .
ing food fcr a' week . at an .outlay- or
$4.50. Will some level-headed woman
try the accompanying \u25a0 menus for one
day, nnd let us know .what it costs to
put them upon tho table?
Meals for a Day. \u0084
-IiREAKKAST:'- Rice, crab-apple ielly, and
cream, Johnny cakes, coffee.' . . ; .- <\u25a0 . •
LUNCH: Scotch broth, pineapple and. nut
taliid. biscuit toasted with r cheese, angel,
puff. tea. -\u25a0-\u25a0••\u25a0 --• " • \u25a0\u25a0 -<-.- \u25a0-\u25a0 '- -
DINNKK: Codfish turbot in shells. 'baked
veal steak.' baked potatoes, parsnips.' pie
plant pie. cheese, black coffee. . '. . ' . '\u25a0 ,
TO MAKE SCOTCH BROTH. -
•. \u25a0 \u25a0 One-haul- cup \il barley, two pounds neck
of mutto#i, j two quarts of cold water, one
iiuarttr cup each o£ carrot, turnip, onion '
und celery; twotablei-poonfuls of buuer,:on&-
of Hour, two u-aspooufuLs of salt. One .salt- . -.
Bpuunful \u25a0of -pepper, one' tablespoonful ot \u25a0
. chopped paialty, \u0084...,„. ....
' bcrape the nuat from the bones, rejecting
fat and skin; cut into dice; add: vegetables
and three pints of water. .Simmer three or
. four hours, thin add the-pint or water in ,
.'Which, the bones have simmered, -takinu care
not to let the water boil n way. - Thicken •
with the flour cooked' in butter. ..-•-.:.. .. s .
FOR 'ANGEL. i'UFF. .. '. '
Lieut whites of n>e>»«j.ct;s» stiff; add two
cups .of sugar and one U-ttpoomul of-va
nilla. Bake in two- layer cake tins In an*
even ovtn forty minutes. Serve with whipped
cream. \u25a0 \u25a0-•-, • \u25a0\u25a0-• -, -- -. r 1 \u0084
- This sounds impossible," but is really easy
ond delicious. - .- . ». .. "
r VEAL, STKAK ."• - .
is much lcore wholesome If" covered with
?Bg. bread crumbs and seasoning and then
baked three-quarters of an hour. '\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0
.. ...SALT CODFISH .
makes texccileiii >' lurboi ' uuu is very afmc.
,• tlve ii baked in Bttclls. \u25a0 very ataac
; " X B. tOshkosh.Wls.).
1.1 should "like to krijw Imw lv nuika
vinegar with yeast cake, brown sucar and
Jain water., L»o 1 waut anything "fJe H nd
K ar W Vroponiona-t.; I.msW clder'viTe
\u25a0 : iiib Jeny7 lßhl browu ausar boomed inniak
0. Aiust Chilo, sauce, piccaliHl and spiced
blackberries be kept airtight to keep? - ~,
' us^? °' S X n " b " canned " -tor. future
ries^oU-i 6 tOmatO « a « d <****>?" '
1. Can you aalt ripe tomatoes dov.n as you
dv cucumbers? '.- •\u25a0 . .
;' - . Mrs.* \V. E.' li.' iWisconsiln). \u25a0 '
' 1. Never having heard of vinegar man- -
ufactured of the materials you enumer
ate, ;I canndt_ahswer your, first /query.
; Perhaps somebody . else* -will. A- fair
quality of Vihegar may .be; made uf tea.'
well iweeteneo* and Itoftto sour,. 1 - Grapes' '
may also be -made into vinegar. {,- \ » „
\u25a0~ 2.- Yes, 1 -but uhe -jelly- will 'be -darker^
than- it made with white_:sugar., - ;:•.\u25a0.%•':
. . 3. . Pickles; ;" > preserves.'. ,T jellies ,- J^ ahd :
canned, things \u25a0 of ;, all « kinds \u25a0 keep-best"
- when .- .the z.- air ; \u25a0is *\u25a0 excluded; \u25a0 \u25a0'» 1 1 v Is • not
absolutely Vnqcessfarjt- ; that *aiiy ''of -the",
articles, you name .shouid'be sealed white'
>hot; yet n is?safer.« •-\u25a0*- •\u25a0 -<-r <-,", -y
I .4.;Kecipe3 I for • canning \u25a0 string.' 1 .' beans ['
, have . been given several Itimca ; in .this *
.-department.-, . ,»•. ;,. . \u0084 i,-.-", .'.-tA: ;,..„\u25a0,
•: 5. I mis;ht' tay the 'same with regard to':
preserving . fruits and' vegetables • by " the'
cold-water process." Keep.themtupon'the
ice until, you ; are . ready to put* them up.-
Sterilize r tops and rubbers .tin., boiling
water. rPack'fnllt^ or" vegetables; in'
glass Jars ; | set' under cold^running- water*.
until- the v glasses i overflow ; clap .on : tho ;
tops "whUc'the:water'stin runs over the -
jars.- Some set the Jars in a deep pan
certain, however, that it tears away
less of the nap than the broom
corn brush wielded by strong hands.
That the sweeper upon rollers does
not get into "corners is an admitted
fact. One must "gb.\down upon her
knees with a whisk broom, to clear
out the angles of the room. In these
and about the base board do moths
imd seal iiiuier water. , -Keep in a cool,
dark pace. \u2666 * ' ' - ' -
6. No; you must have self-sealing Jars.
'7. i doubt lt.r If the skins are left on.
the tomatoes will not- absorb the salt.
If they /are removed, the. tomatoes -will
! liquefy in the salt. :
: .'• Here is a list of suggestions worth
reading— and recollecting— from a valued
contributor: ; :. ,' . .. .; " /. - ' ''
To -preserve icul threud lato iroui tuituno
dark afttr It-has been cleaved, lay-it away
-iv v box with a mixture of uuivetized inag-
nesia and French chalk. eo.ual purls,
bpiinkled plentifully in me folas.- *.
s To ivmo\e red lrun rust:. Cover the spots
with salt, moisten with lemon Juice, let
the article aland a time. ' aduin*-iuore_ siilt (
and lemon. \u25a0 It- not sinxebsful with thw, ; .
. ut.e tor fast colors muriatic acid. Spread tho
cloth over a large bowl of hot water, tuuen
the .dry -spots with a drop .or two of the
acid. When the rust disappears, rinse sey
\eral. times in -clear watet, \u25a0 and then in
water in which there is a • UUlu \u25a0 ammonia.
To bleach unbleached cotton the following
is rxOellent: • One pound of chloride of lima
dissolved In two and a half quarts of warm
water for a web of foity jards-of cloth.
' First... soak It In joipsudi.- fut the lime In
a.stroiij; bbo.u o '. us It must not collie In Con
tact with the cloth, and 'when while boll
and rlnsu thoroughly. The lime will ; not
tat the cloth If ciitctlons are followed. . " .
' .- \u25a0 :. E. C. P. (Clart-mont. N. II.).
Your remarks on 'kerosene were needed.
\u25a0 for the - indiscriminate use of it' is canor
ous. I knew of a very good lady wno.be
.. ing told to use it to help the' growth of
her ' hair, used it so " freely that it ' pens
5 (rated ami caused I her such loss of . mind
that she forgot her own name. Sometimes
I liavn used kerosene in a family given to
.-.., croupy colds. I mixed it with lard, .which
prevents all soreness, yet allows the oil to
effect a cure. It may be rubbed on the
.most delicate chest. 1 have also .used It as
( a < gargl? to prevent": diphtheria, with 'good
results. It . lvlievcM oppressed lungs.
- I- would- like to know how the lady pro
ceeds-who gets 40 cents a dozen for fresh
eggs. 1 shvuld .like to procure some such
customers' in tills city (ur >ggi and young
chickens for broiling by tho time I get to
- ILc puilii. ul belling. '. :.'- - : K. t.. ii.
In the neighborhood of New York
-eggs" not Infrequently bring 6U cents per
• dozen,; urid 1 have known tender broilers
retail at "50 cents a pound.' 'Indeed, one
of -the Newlyrich clan, with whom £^
once chanced. toUuneh.'-infarmed. us that
the broiled chicken upon-our platts cost
75, cents a pound: • She also observed
jocosely, when a course -of t artichokes
was .aerved. that it almost "choked"
her to eat -them,- when she recollected
that they. v/ere 50 cents apiece!
" : These prices -.are. pa id, -now and then—
and by sui-h customers!
I am a ygiuns; housekeeper and a rather
poor one. I am afiaid. But I wish to thank
. . you "for.- the many.. helps :I < have received
from your columns, and . make bold to send
' , you a scrup.from lay. household book-<hom»
' Is at good- bubstitute \u25a0 for butter • in
. I making caite, > ll"._a^ teaspoouf ul of salt ,bo
' \aseiine' to'remove.whlte marks 'from '
• f urnltuio. I have used it with success.— •. -
• \u25a0• : - ...j - -.v - • | Mrs. L. U. I>.
• •' *"i : wish :: ' would learn th»
.value,- both, dietetic and of rice.
: . Five years' 'residence* In, .the -South taught
- l -me i to ; regard .-11-' as komethlfie ul»e than »•
v material \u25a0 for <a. de»sert.- : I -could -send ,yoU
•'- several other -teclpes- for using »t," but fear
\u25a0• 1-may -be- taklns»too"«iufch"of -your tlms '
-r ahd -space: -.Curry, eauee. mad« _<rrom a
! Hindoo formula, is one -of the \u25a0 many ac-
J companljrrents*whrch fc glve sieat' variety uo
'•;? irlatn.; boiled ,*\u25a0 rice..; ;: ; ; - : F. -K. B-: .
'We f : are your ; grateful debtors for
-recipes .which- you will find in the col-
s umn" devoted i to- culinary formula. --We
.shall, be very glad; if v you will; add -to
our obligations by sending In the recip«
•for curry sauce. -rl thank -you personally
: for, sustaining 'my " of
: rice properly cooked as a substitute for
; the tyrant potato." .
and buffalo bugs most love to con
gregate. In these favorite retreat 3
\u25a0our distracted housewife is almost
certain to find flourishing .colonies
of the squatters upon opening the
home after the summer's #uting.
Should her worst fears be realized,
her best course is to have the car
pet taken up and sent to a steam
cleaning establishment, filling all
cracks with gasoline and gum cam
phor while they are gone.
• The second-best course i 3 to cover
the carpets with fine salt, and to
sweep this into the woof with a
stout, clean broom by going against
the .nap, and out oi the carpet by
following the grain in a second
Sweeping. Have ready, when this 13
done, a half pound of pulverized
gum camphor, dissolved overnight in
two gallons of gasoline. Go into the
A lively -young girl and a fastidious
elderly single man have offered mild "ob
jections to the 'insertion in Our Ex
change- or any luriher information re
t>pcciing''ihe t.c^n»a.o of mX and greasa
upuis auu tnc fi.tiri.-uun of auu>. lUe-a,
. luu cuuap.aii.4ju ii^.tor, in overhauling
a | man oue-jimru or whicn had to dv
with, the subjects our girl and our bach
elor Vuulu luiiwu. Luuiusea tu.ssore per
plexity, iahe . knows' but one way of
learning wnat aro the. wishes and wants
Of " the - majority of ncr correspondents;
and that is to read their letters, to note
their contents ' and need the appeals
therein conveyed. When ten housewives
a'day write feelingly «f the miseries en
dured by them and their families
through i he invasion of insect pests, I
have no right to disregard their cry for
help. This is what our name denotes, a
mutual benefit association of practical
housemothers. ' -
Each member, writing in good faith of
her experiences In . housekeeping and
home-making. arfd with a sincere de
sire* that others shfitl profit by the story
of her successes and her failures, has a
right to be heard. '
RECIPES
Scotch Broth. No. 2.
TO MAKE thia requires two poimds ot
ntcit i.tutttiu, v. lar^e sneo u( tuxnip.
l\Vo Bl.Wta Ui C.lwl, V(»hj X.IIUJU, U jluc*.
oi ee»e»y, iiAii sl pmi of uai-iey, mite pints
of cold w iUci', ' one tauie^pooii^ui of tiour,
une laultspuoiiiul of buiK.-i.niie teaspuoutul
of chopper piu sle> . cut tne meat ironi U»e
bonea and I'vmove all me fat. Cut the meat
into small pieces and put Into the soup put
wiih the xtKetab.es cut line, and the water.
bimuier seiiUy tw o tiount. i-ut one pine of
water on the bones, simmer two hours and
-.. strain .Into the Mtup. Couk the dour and
butter together uiuu smooth; stir into in*
voup, ana ttuaun with salt and pepper.'
E. C. P. (Claremont. N. U.X
tt-i ', , Scotch Broth] No. 3.' ''
> Odd quart .of stronj; /mutton stock, trum
which e\ery. particle of fat . has been re
moved. The liquor in which a leg of mut- .
•\u25a0ion lias uecn- bulled with uo well tor "ini3
\u25a0 juivo^c. Uoil -It down for an hour betare
maklns the brotn, as it tli.uid be strcntf. -
"One e-upfui'of barteyt hut has 'been so*ne«r
lv tepid wale-r for tnive hours; ona large
one turnip, -two onions, foiu- stalxs
of celery, lialf a- cupful ol Brtefp* 43 anJ
,the tame of kuihk Leans; p»rsl«ry and four
or five leek tops. .-\u25a0 : . •-. ,*' '\u25a0 . \u25a0 ,-,
• Cut the vei;etabh:a; up small and parooii
.them lor. ten tnlnuus.. Prxln and put .over.
rlhu^tue.lu.tlra stocK. tjinimer n.owiy for
«hte« hours." Havij leady a s>Kjd wnlte roux
.UiaceUy JiuJlina a neaj.u.i tablespoontul of
buttrr in a pun und atirrlnj into it a taDir
upooniul of tlour. -Add- a few spoonfuls oC
•'.ihe^noui>.to-tMn,it.'«uid »ur inwthe brota.
-- Uoii i one i minute and . serve. . . \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0
- This recipe, given -tv ma. in rhymes- a
•i-emury- old. by . a dtstlnKUishvd profeaaor
In the ITnlversiiy of uiw*-*,*}* 1 ?*??^
beoieh broth dear to the Scottish heart and
stomach. It 1s nowhere «l*e as delfc on. as
;in. the Highlands, but U Is go«l every wn«re.
Muffins Without "Eggs.
* . Two cups or tiou.-.'* two teaspoonfuls ot
baking piwder: one-half • teaspoonfu; of
\u25a0u^arf cne-half - twspoonful of «alt^ en» .
\u25a0tablespoonful of butter, or lard. on« cup oX,
room in broad daylight with this
mixture in a can with a long spout-
Saturate the edges of the carpet
with it, pour into the cracks at the
top and the bottom of the bas'a
board. Hold not your hand until
the suspected portions are drenched
and dripping. • _•
This done, shut up the room close- .
ly,.lock the doors and take tho ke7
out. Let not a creature open" or en*
ter the precincts for twenty-four
hours.
Go in, then, in broad daylight and)
open the windows.;
The hardiest vermin that ever *
preyed upon woolen stuffa. and
housewifely sensibilities axe not
proof against th:a process.
(al&h'U' rrfm.a4^k
To cook, rloo properly, -wash ate* fffl<l
clear, drop Into kettle of boflln* water, then
»et kettle on back part of atova over *
low flre and let tho rice simmer very slowly
until It is dune. Never, never stir! Whoa
It In thoroughly cooked, each kerne] will
stand apart, plump and whole. Drain water
oft and let it stand in a hot place a Uttl*
while. Add your milk, sugar, salt or butter.
after, as prefeired-
Rub your leather sometimes with neata
foot ill when cleaning: house. It makes It
look Ukij new. Mix equal parts of turpen
tine, raw Unseed oil and vineKar. This is
excellent for cleaning furniture. ADDty wlt!»
a cloth and rub clean with a dry chamois.
MRS. W. K. <Ch!caxo>.
1 have but one amendment to of
fer to the directions for cooking ric»
given by "Mrs. W. X.," or Chicago.
"We" cook an even cupful of raw ncs
rapidly in two quarts of salted boiling
water for about twenty minutes, giving
the saucepan a sharp shake now and
then to keep the rice from sticking to
the bottom or sides. When it is tender,
which wo ascertain by biting Into a
grain, the water is all drained off. and
the open vessel of rice is set at the sid<»
of the range to dry off. And every grain
of our rice has a separate and distinct
character of its own.
uiiik ' You ' may nv&l . a llttia mors, but
onuugli to make a batter that wilt Just
drop irom the spoun. Uaka trom til'teea V>
twnty minutes. Tne above quantity will
make eight mutnns. liako in geni pans.
C E. 11. U'hiladtflyJi;.*).
Scalloped Onions.
Uoil fur ten muiutca ia xtuc mailed water;
drain this oil and cover with coio, aiishiiy
italted. Urin^ qvilckiy to a boU. cook iba
uniunit until sou, but cot until ttey breax
to pieces. Sprinkle the uotiom of aa
earthenware baking (lisa wiih ilna crumtxt:
arrange the unions in dish, sprinkle wita
more bread crumbs, moist r-n with «oma oC
th« wuter in which the onions wvre cookea.
dot' the aurt.ica with butter and set asiiia
until about . thirty minutes before acrv
\u25a0 ias: then placo them in the oven. . -
. K. A. T. tUinneaotaj.
Cream Peppermints.
i'ut a pounu vi wane tusur and une and
one-naif teaapoonfuis of vivaiu ot tariar In
H.- teacuplul vX L-uld v*uler. atir until d^a
•Olved, then boil until a little o r it. cooled
In walrr, can ue ruiieu into * ball wlcft
toe lingers. iieiuu\e irura the tiro, allow It
to coul.a little and beat with a spuun un.U
It turns wtule. , Aud th.cc drufs of oil at
puppet uient and mix well. It. it uarcteiu too
QUulvly wtiile beaten, mm a t the buwl in a tin
of • boiling water. Make Into bails wiu»
iSe haaJA 1L il. a. (Virsinlaj.
- Devil's Food.
To on* cup of sweet milk add onw cup ot
tac-ir. . Crea.k into it.-* or.c-h*l4, cake oC
«H9ct cb'K-ulate; couk a few -minutes until ~
it \u25a0ts smooth. - \u25a0> \u25a0 :j&
\u25a0 One-half cup of butter and mecttp ot^
sugar: stir to a cieam: add yolks of two*
tgs» r^onc-half cup or sour «:rea.ro. ene very
Bcant^easpoonf ul of itvda. three cup» of
Hour. ' \u25a0. - . \u25a0 «
Whrn thoroughly niix^d. add the eookad
Ingredients above, and last the whites o£
the two eggs, beaten to a stiff froth. Flavor
with vanilla.-- Bake In layers and put to
gether with white lctnjr. chocolata Idn* ot
caramels. Mrt. "VV. H. T. (Buffalo. N. TJ.
In i i mi mJuin il MBiTlM— MlHiifciiiiM 'in mil s^i i^iii nfMIT^MTTiCare of the Baby - The Fifth Month
What He Should Weigh and How He Should •
Play — Thumb Sucking
Dr. Emelyn L. Coolidge
Copyright, 1505. by A. S. Barnes &. Co.
J» N AVERAGE normal baby five
J\ months old generally doubles his
£?\ birth weight at this time. He
is now a bright, lively little per
son and may be allowed to sit In a semt
upright position in his baby carriage
or even in a chair, for a short time each
Cay.
When sitting in a chair be sure to
have him tied in carefully and place
a soft pad or pillow at his back to give
him a little support. He will enjoy ex
ercising a little on the bed or In a large
clothes basket gTeatly, and may even
have a few simple toys, one at a time,
%o play with. Let him amuse himself
with these, and do not tire his brain by
Ehaklng rattles end cuch things at him.
He \u25a0will enjoy the toy* twice as much
If he is allowed to discover their attrac
tions for himself.
The baby's naps now grow gradually
shorter, but he ehould take two a day;
a long one of two or three hours In the
morning and a shorter one of about an
hour in the early afternoon. If allowed
to sleep very late in the afternoon, he
will cot be so apt to eleep as well at
night. He now laughs out loud and
often very heartily.
At this time the flow of saliva usually
becomes very much increased, and the
baby "drools." This is a sign that the
teeth are beginning to attempt to push
their way through the gums. Baby will
bite his finger and put everything he
The Courtesies - Giving Dinner Party
Following Old Beliefs, the Modern Hostess
Finds This a Popular Way to Entertain
ELEANOR B. CLAPP
CopjTicht. 1306. by A. S. Barnes & Co.
"All human history &ttefct3
That happiness for man— the hungry sinner—
J-ir.ce Eve etc apples, much depends on dinner!'
— Hyron.
V'»7 > jrITH modern society one of the
I\ V / most popular of all forms of
YY entertaining is the giving of
dinner parties. For this there
arc many good and sufficient reasons.
I While accepting with a very large
"grain of salt" the old adage that "Th<*
way to a man's heart is thrcuch his
stomach," the matron of to-day agrees
thoroughly, with Byron that "much de
pends on dinner." Anil accordingly she
puts forth all her efforts to make her
table the best spread and most con
penial "board" known to her immediate
R coterie "of friends.
The Invitations.
"First catch your bare" begins the
famous old. recipe Tor Jugged hare, so
in giving a dinner party first invite
>our friends— be sure you choose people
who will be congenial— and then, having
received their acceptances, sit down and
*}\u25ba: aref ully think out your menu.
The Invitations to a dinner are sent
out on engraved cards or by written
notes, and are always Issued In the
name 'of both host and hostess. Cards
can get hold of into his mouth. If
the child has never had the thumb
sucking habit, be careful that he docs
not form it now. Should he show a
tendency to do it, put a small bag on
his hand or dip his thumb In a solution
of quinine or aloes.
A piece of cardboard bound on the
arm, and long enough to reach a little
above and below the elbow so that the
arm cannot be bent, will often prove
an effective means of preventing thumb
sucking when other methods fail. The
habit of thumb suckins is not only an
ugly one, but it spoils the shape of the
mouth and finger.
A special cracker is now made in the
form of a ring; it is quite hard and is
composed largely of malt sugar and is
Intended for teething babies to bite on.
As they can get very little, if anything,
off of it, such a cracker will do no
harm and may be given to the baby in
preference to ivory or rubber rings,
which often do more harm than good
by hardening the gums and so making
it more difficult for the teeth to push
their way through them.
If the baby "drools" much, he is apt
to quickly wet through any little bib he
may wear, and so take cold by having
damp clothing next to his chest. A
material now made, which is water
proof, but not so heavy as rubber and
without the odor rubber is apt to have,
may be very useful at this time. If .a
piece of it is cut the shape of the bib
and bound with tape, it may then be
worn underneath the bib and prevent
the clothing from becoming^ wet.
arc used when the dinner is to be a
large and formal one, notes when It Is to
be a small and what is termed "quiet"
dinner. For the former cards are sent
out a fortnight, and even three weeks,
beforehand, while to the latter an Invita
tion of from five to ten days is consid
ered sufficient notice. Dinner or luncheon
invitations, above all others, must be an
swered promptly, and guests must ar
rive punctually at the hour, mentioned
in the invitation; To be late to dinner
is a crime not easily pardoned by so
ciety.' And after a would-be guest has
once sent an acceptance to an invita
tion to a feast he must go, unless some
thing -very grave and important hap
pens to prevent. Hen.cc the old society
quip that nothing but death must keep
one from a dinner party, and if one's
demise Inopportunely intervenes the ex
ecutor must be sent to Gil the vacant
chair. *
A daintily spread table, with' sparkling
glass, glittering silver and pretty floral
decorations, tends not only to the en
joyment of the guests, but to the! suc
cess of the dinner; and these things, de
pend upon tho hostess, who should super
intend the arrangements of, the dinner
table personally, and riot leave it to the
care of a servant unless sure that the
servant can be perfectly relied upon.'
PRACTICAL AID AND PICTORIAL
DIVERSION FOR WOMEN
ill : A
USEFUL THINGS FOR TINY VISITOR
t J^^i 2^?^ Mot he r ' s
THE baby's '• 'things"! -What a
world of dainty loveliness there
}s- here. Nothing is too sweet and
pretty for this llttle..despot, -arid
mother and aunts and loving friends
'pour into his .lap all kinds of treasures
for his comfort' and joy. 'His thoughtful
mother thinks of his comfort -first, arid
her own incidentally, and- supplies* Nur
sery Land first with useful things. The
centre of all toilet functions is the baby
basket. This fluffy creation of pink or
blue has its pincushions and pockets.
Baskets just like it belonged to mother
and grandmother in olden days., And
baskets just like It probabjy will belong
to daughter and granddaughter in days
to come. Among the dainty things that
belong to the present is, an article that
has to dp. with, his .first experiences of
discipline. It is aribbon contrivance to
tie him In bed. About four yards of one
inch ribbon is used. A little belt is made
to go around his body, fastened with, a
pearl button.' There are two or three
buttonholes, so that when baby grows
fatter there still /.will be . room. From
each side of the belt extend two straps
of ribbon, about, twelve Inches long.; At
each end of these,' two strands of ribbon
are sewed, with which the little prisoner
is tied, to his bed. One, of the sweetest
accessories to a baby girl's lingerie is a
pair of tiny garters. These are bands
of one-fourth-inch rubber r,un through
a casing of one-half-inch ribbon, with
little bows, a dear littie "miniature of
mother's own. . . . •
Dainty- and Useful.
One of mother's, greatest comforts is
a ribbon roli. Ut is practically a spool,
its dimensions being about : three inches
by one-half iiuch..,. The sides are covered
with white china silk, on which is paint
ed the daintiest of flowers. In : the cen
tre is a bow of baby ribbon, from which
comes one long strand bearing an Ivory
bodkin. This is an 1 almost indispensable
part of baby's layette. 'Another help is a
PROPER CARE OF THE BATH ROOM
--;.-----: . . \u25a0*'-\u25a0 \u25a0 • .-••.\u25a0 - V-.: *-Y;:y~:
IN . THE household .. the bath, . room
ranks with the kitchen in impor
. tancc. Though the culinary depart
..ment seems to be the pivot on whichT
domestic affairs ' turn, the bath room, .
for. obvious reasons, caters largely to
our comforts and. Well-being. \. . ' • -> :
Minutest attcntlonto itssanitary con
dition is .\u25a0necessary A .This Is ,a simple
matter/though it can grow into an ex
pense; as can the 'appointments. \u25a0 As to
the old bath rooms, little; need be said.
There arc not many of those left.. Sand
soap and hot water, and perhaps a dash
of coal oil, will \u25a0. keep', tho tin tub in or
der, if used faithfully— say, itliree' times
a week. ;Wiping'the \u25a0 woodwork; wains
coting and the>Hnoleum floor with- an
oiled cloth every housekeeper, knows. of."
'In our up-to-date bath; rooms, of white
; porcelain; glfstening Z tiles and nickel ;
plate, we 1 cannot, take. too. much pains.
Their -immaculate" appearance not only
makes .the place- an, inviting-; spot— and >
we are there a' good; bit.l come to think
of It— but keep It sweet and sanitary. v A
great, help to this end Is extreme clean
liness. .. The? porcelain tub 'should be
white as snow 'always. , J ; '\u25a0''\u25a0•';
Some , ammonia in lukewarm water '
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY OAIX.
safety-pin book. , Its : covers ; are - white
linen, painted^ with .forget-me-hotg and
tied with white and blue ribbon. The
leaves are white or blue flannel, with
rows of pins of two or three sizes. Of
course,' it may be pink. - . :
." Baby's toilet articles may be of white
celluloid. A touch from mother's paint
box will cover . them all— brush, comb,
puff box, soap' cup— with decorations of
fleur-de-lis, flowers or some pretty
thing. One of the dearest of baby's
things is his bath robe of eiderdown. It
is bound with blue satin and has blue
silk cords, all as tiny and sweet as can
be. If the baby is a girl, she has a
little kimono, china silk, all bound with
' satin, 'iv'" \u25a0 .
Recording Baby's Progress.
There are not many mothers to whom
every step in the baby's growth is not
profoundly important. A record of his
every little happening is very dear to
her. She can prepare for herself some
thing to hold this precious story.' It is a
booklet whose covers are white linen,
held together by white ribbon. On the
front is painted a water scene; stand
ing among the reed 3 are ' two. storks,
which, arp- embroidered in while silk.
The leaves of the book are feather-edge
linen paper, with the headings of each
page drawn in ink. The Sheadings run
Komethins in this wise: ; Baby's birth
(date, hour, etc.),' Baby's Teeth, Baby's
Weight. Baby's Height, "arid all . the
things that <he mother deems worthy
of < record; which 7 will boa goodly col
lection. \u25a0 The leaves are held in place by
the ribbons'that the- covers. A
pretty idea is to paint in water color
on the fly leaf a mirror. \
, The first of baby's play times begin in
the nursery, -and . they come very early.
Some things .quite befitting his ; station
In life aro made of, ribbon and bells. A
rattle, gay with ribbon bows and silver
will do to wash either the solid porcelain
or the enameled iron. \u25a0 Should stains ap
pear,' care as to' removing them should
be taken;.lcst the shiny; surface be in
jured, i Any metal I polish will keep the
nickel plate shining, and acids shouldrbe
Used with extreme care, for \u25a0 they eat
the nickel. * • , '
The tiling can be cared for the same as
the porcelain.- . if j? rugs are used > they
should be shaken every day. Thejcon
stant'tramping over them brings Jn
sampies'of . pretty \u25a0 nearly -everything
from the street. ( . .
The disinfecting of a bath room should
have a big share of attentions Whenever
there : is.:a stoppage' in',the drains— bath
tub, -basin or closet— it; should hot be
allowed to , remain an hour.;lt holds ac
cumulations that should be cleared ewiiy
at once.' Minor, troubles r of ; this kind can
be^ remedied by -simple littla force /cups
that may be'obtalned at hardware stores
• for from *25 cents to $1.75. They, are not
effective, . however, < below, the Vtrap."
'Anything* more .serious 'should have the
plumber's" attehtlon T at once.V :
There should be present always a good
disinfectant.' This may be a'simple mat-
tkr.ot chloride. of. lime,'. which is 5 cents
*; • . \u25a0 >
bclls.ia made by winding a six-inch
stick with ribbon, fastening at each end
rosettes, of baby ribbon and three or
four bell 3. \ There may be stripes of
white ribbon also around the stick, which
will attract' the baby's eyes. Ordinary
embroidery hoops may be made resplen
dent in the same way with .'ribbon and
bells." The ribbons may be drawn across
the,- hoops' apd afford mysteries for, the
baDy's' fingers to creep, lnto. A circle of
about one.-halfyafd'of'' ribbon,; with the
quarters r ; marked 1 'by k bows,, -three of
which have-a belLattached 'and -one an
Ivory ; whistle,'- makes a pretty/ play
thing. There are little forget-me-nots
painted on it here and there.
Quite a pretentious, affair. is a hoop,
bound in the usual way by ribbon,' which
may be suspendedsby four rone-inch rib-:
bon bands. The hoop is about ten inches
in diameter. From ? its : four quarters
"hang little loops of .ribbon,' Into which
maybe slipped; the ;baby's rubber toys..
It is decorated with bows,- of. course, and
bells— makes auite a gay bit of furni
ture for baby's boudoir.
As Baby Grows Older.
As, the baby grows older^ he has his
horse reins, made of rope. bound with
ribbon; the, shirred breast-piece full of
jingling bells. To match this fine ca
parison is a' whip : of blue ribbon • wound
on an eigh teen-inch stick. ~. At each end
is. a full rosette, "and coming from one
end- Is a .formidable whiplash of— three
or; four strands of baby ribbon twelve
inches long! Bright little' forget-me
nots adorn the*' handle.. This whip is in
deed of appropriate pattern for Its own
er, who bids fair to be a famous "whip"
as he drives his own' fat, pink," little self
about the nursery. \u25a0\u25a0,'";./..
All these baby >'things". canVbe made
easily at-home, and' fill their mission
well as "something for the 'baby," dain
ty, and sweet and useful. "•
a' half-pound— the cheapest and strong
est; or some spqpial preparations com
ingas high as 50 Is a half -pint.' 4 The
chloride of lime makes a rather.unpleas
arit odor. But -there , are ; the -odorless
chlorides, which- may be had : for very
littie; more. A precaution to -take-in
other rooms of the. house as well as the
bathroom— is the burning of a sulphur
candle, say once a month.
One more point.,; Not a speck of dust
should be allowed in the&s headquarters
of cleanliness* .Every shelf and every
ledge, big and li ttle, . we* should be , able
to use.if we. wanted, to, as a plate for
apple pie.. \u25a0'.. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Hints About Sleep.
. Never, awaken a person .who- is .ill,
even to give medicine,*, unless by definite
instruction, from the.' physician.... .
**.' It : is bad ' to sleep : in \u25a0 such ! a . way . that
the light will strike the eyes before it
is time to .wake '• in the i morning. ' 1 It . is
unwise to-go to bed hungry.v and often
equally, unwisef to retire; immediately
after«a heavy meal. : .-'-/
.'• Avoid | sleeping . in;-~ an -undergarment
that; has * been -iWorn; during the day. If
the change from woolen j underwear to
a .cotton nightdress ; produces a chilly
sensation;" then provide onelof soft, light
flannel.- '--,
WOMEN'S WAYS OF MAKING MONEY
Matal Working to be Done- at Home and
rX^Hat Appliances Are Required
Cynthia Westover Alden
' Copy right.. ISO 3. by A. S. Barnes & Co.
IT IS WELL, if you intend to intro
duce any of the arts or crafts Into
your town, .to \u25a0\u25a0 attend, if . possible,
some- of -the l schools and -serve an
apprenticeship, especially If you -desire
to. work on metals. It is a kind of
\u25a0work that can Ibe done at home, and
that is what you are after. But unless
you have some i professional Instruction
to begin" with,' your time. will be lost.'
Appliances, such as heating jets, gas
pipes, r moulds and: numerous other ac
. cessories, are necessary.'- There Is no
reason why women cannot do the best
.ahd-'flnest chasings. In Italy the en
graving on the backs of watches Is often
done by women, andln Geneva, Swit
zerland, it is done exclusively by them.
Photography. .'••\u25a0
An acquaintance of mine, up in Ver
mont, became ; quite proficient in ama
teur photography: .She, had two cam
eras,', and took great pride in completing
-sail the work herself. Her- husband. was
a traveling man. and she spent most of
her time when with him taking pic
tures that she developed at home.. Some
of these turned out real works of art.
- When her husband was thrown from a
car and killed she had to hold a sale of
pictures in order to, pay the debts in
curred by the funeral. Her only^talent
seemed to be photography. Still, she did
not set up' a shop and run in debt wait
ing for people, to come to her. She hired
a boy to carry her traps, -and then she
took up -the house-to-house : canvassing.
She offered : to take views of the
homes, Inside and out.. This led to group
pictures for fun, pictures of the- chllr
dren, which qf ten called in .large orders
because they seemed more natural than
gallery pictures." - '
Whenever V she.": saw a child on the
street that she thought would make a
pretty "picture, she snapped it and sent
a proof to the'mother, saying'she would
furnish; the pictures 'at sol much a
dozen. She made a thriving business in.
one little town", where. she happened to
take the picture of a servant girl with
her beau out. Walking.'* "Every girl In
town want^a a . picture 'after that,
whether she had a beau or not.
! Photographing on Cloth.
..She carried her photograph work into
doing printing oh' cloth, making'pin
cushions of the print of some noted
home and selling them at fairs. Per
haps she used the very cliurch in which
the fair was given— such made a par
ticularly good souvenir. :
..This fancy article photography leads
one to making pillows,- 'table -covers,
"scarfs, bags, etc., by ornamenting. them
with the blue prints.
The rules'; for making . these priqts^ on
cloth "are furnished me'; by -MrB.' : jMc-.'" :
Clary,''"of \u0084Malone,-N.\ V., ; who spends
much of her leisure time making: thqso^
things, then donating them' to - th»
churches for their sales.
Use fine cambric for* printing. 'For,.
sensitizing four yaVda f * of- cambric, dis
solve-In 8 ounces of. water . 17s ounces
citrate of iron and ammonium. Then
dissolve 1U ounces of potassium ferricy
anide.in another, S ounces of water; mis
the 'two together- when ready :to use.
\u25a0 It, is wise to have the cambric cut into
Coil's Weekly Cartoon! on American Society
sizes needed, for it i 3 so much easier to
handle. When the cloth is fully satu
rated, lift it out with a stick and pin
up In a dark place to dry. The mixture
is poisonous; don't get your fingers into
it more than is necessary. When dry put
the cloth in some box proof to the light.
In sensitizing the cloth work in a room
lighted only with a small lamp. Print
as you would from any negative, using
the cloth instead of paper. When printed
rinse the picture three or four times in
scalding hot water, then leave it about
five minutes in cold water. Iron dry
with a hot iron, placing the print be
tween two sheets of white paper.
These things are liked in the country,
where* ft is hard to take time to go to
a photographer. With a lot of this
sensitized cloth, a good camera and a
quick eye for catching pretty as well as
funny poses, a woman can even utilize
the workers in the hay field, churchgo
ing people or Sunday picnickers—every
body will want a picture when he once
sees the proof and finds his face In It.
Charge from 25 to 50 cents each. Color
some, mount some and frame others.
Often the frame attracts as much as
the picture.
Transparent Colors of
the Japanese
AN OLD idea is often very new to
some people. Here is one that, if
the amount of interest the public
takes in It Is to be considered, is
new to the majority of people, namely,
the Peerless transparent water colors,
for the amateur's use.- They can be used
for tinting photographs, lantern slides,
half-tones, magazine prints and process
work of .all kinds where a perfectly
transparent color is required. They
come in a booklet, the colors by som»
secret, process being spread over a leaf
let In concentrated form. All that is
needed Ss to cut off strips from the vari
ous tipts as required for the work In
hand, place in sufficient water, to dis
solve-the color film from the leaflet,
and then add water to bring the color
to the desired strength. The colors are
immediately soluble in water; so it all
.is a simple matter. They flow smootSiiy
and combine perfectly* making an in
finite number of - shades. The art of
J f ransparent tinting had Its origin In
Japan, and the wonderful skill of th~e
Japanese artists in this line Is well
known and admired everywhere. For
the amateur these colors have. an ad
vantage over the bottled inks and colors
in cakes, porcelains, etc., for they are
so easily handled; and they have no
sediment when laid on. For. the woman
who ; would ' add attractive pictures h«re
and there In some needy spot on the
wall, or who would make little gift 3 of
calendars, blotters and what not. here
rP a delightful way to do It. An attrac
tive picture from a magazine, or a Perry
picture, or 'a Cosmos picture "may be
beautifully colored, so that the only ex
pense will be the frame. "The amateur
photofirrapher will delight her friends if
she colors some of, the iportraits this
way. One of the children's great de
lights Is picture books. If, the mother
colors these' pictures the work becqme3
a three-fold treasure in the child's eyes.NAME PUZZLES
These Are
the LucKy
150 Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest of
October 1.
THESE are the names of the
lucky 150 prize-winners In the
puzzle contest of October 1, which
represented the names of precious
stones:
Ruth Christian, box 376, Clements;
Margaret Thomayer, Lodi; Clarence
Dow, box 255, Lodi; Ida Lathrop, 929
O'Farrell street, San Francisco; Sara
Thomson, 1352 Green street, San Fran
cisco; June Crowell, 320 East Washing
ton street, Stockton; Inez Jones. Fruit
vale; ilerton Meeker, 809 Orchard
street, Santa Rosa; Carlton Hlnman,
Vacaviile; Laura Bailey, Agnew; Hazel
Bailey, Agnew; Vivian Millington,
Yorkville; Elsie Stipp, Ukiah; Harry
Johnston, 79 Washington street, Santa
Cruz; Edna McCraugrhin. 1922 Eleventh
etreet, Sacramento; Harry Murphy, 2521
McAllister street, San Francisco; Harry
Lockivood, 474 Central avenue. Ala
meda; Marie McCormick, €01 Third
etreet, San Francisco; E.» Haryhausen,
£0 Dorlar.d street, San Francisco; Irene
Morris. 791 South First street, San Jose;
Georgle Ward, Port Costa; Helen
Flcharty, Newman; Helen Falvey,
Tracy; Roy Thym, 931 Taylor avenu*.
Alameda; Ruth Crellin, * Pleasanton;
Duel Egbert, Rio Vista, Solano County;
Alfred Cavanagh, 217 Mlllost street,
Martinez; Paul Griffin. 403 Tasso street,
Palo Alto; James V. Coulter, Sausallto;
Teresa McCabe, 84 Church street. Santa
Cruz; Louise J. Arey, 4 Tay street.
Ban Francisco; Alma Arey, 4 Tay street,
San Francisco; Wlll'Cosbie, 254 Shot
\u25a0\vell street, San Francisco; HaroldMosh
«r, 2008 Harper street, Berkeley; Marion
Tate, 9 Page street, ta.n Francisco;
Evelyn Palnike. 427 Bryant street, San
Francisco; Kate Johnson, box 494. Supt.
residence, Stockton; Jason R. Meek, 621
D street, Maryeville; Ruby Anderson, 53
Washington street, Santa Cruz; Chester
Chamberlin.Healdsburg; Myrtle Lashler,
Hcaldsburg; Mamie Burleigh, Cotati; Em
erald Voody, 210 West Main street, Stock
ton; Mimic Fontana, box "5, Batavla;
Marguerite Woll, 2275 Twenty-first, street,
San Francisco; Bernice Stevens, Paso
Robles; Fay Trcseott, Petaluma; Frank
,B. Logan, Byron; Beatrice Swan, 1972
West street, Oakland; Marcelle Merkcl,
2265 Mission street, San Francisco; George
Flint, 728 Nineteenth street, Oakland;
Geraldine Bausch, 1417 Castro street, Oak
land; Grace Fortune, SIS Fourteenth
street, Oakland; Bert F. Wadham, 1903
Leaven worth street, San Francisco;
Grace Bryant, 1627 Eddy street, San Frari
\u25a0 cisco; Norman Egilbert, 713 Railroad ave
nut. Redding; Howard Dobrowsky, Ander
eon; Natalie Durney, Sisson; Ruth Ur
bais, 049 Hampshire street, San Francisco;
Emma Tubbs, 1224 York street, San Fran
cisco; Agnes O'Leary, 538 Utah street.
Ban Francisco; Ruth Stark. 767 Thir
teenth street, Oakland; Louise F. White,
2413 Bancroft way, Berkeley; Ches
ter Bertolacci, 2215 Spauldlng avenue.
Berkeley; Fred Bernard, box 633
Visalia; Allyn ? Barnard, ViEa.Ha;
Graco Llppencott, 1539 Fairvlew street.
South Berkeley; Alma Fitch, 1654 Ajshby
avenue. South Berkeley; Grace Duffy.
Ban Qucntin; George Lloyd, 1735 Berkeley
way, Berkeley; Alta Johnson, 500 Castro
ctreet, Ban Francisco; Mary Malley,
Dixon: Rita-McAtiam, 1009 Ninth avenue,
San Francisco; Cushman Wescctt, 1908
\ me street, Berkeley; Freda Konig. 1274
Alcatraz avenue. West Berkeley; Minnie
Lynn, 1122 Louisiana street, Vallejo;
Bennle Shartzer. Agnew; Harvey Olds,
2021 Carlton street, Berkeley; May Slone,
£32 Bancroft way, Berkeley; Anna Mun
ger. Tracy; Minnie O'Donnell, 224. East
Washington street, Stockton; Will Grif
lHhe, Suisun; Frank Lash, box S3, Sulsun;
Georsre Thunberg, R. P. D. No. 1, Suisun;
Augusta Leavitt, £00 Pacific avenue, AJa
meda; Myra Eurdick, 1007 Bay street,
A'.iim- <+<<; Edward Jose, 1112 Mason street.
San Francisco; Laurance M. Hyde, ICO9
Santa Clara avenue, Alameda; Teddy
Perlir.s. 224 East Seventeenth street, Oak
land; Cl lude Rowner. Grass Valley; Mi
riam ltovncr, box 391, Grass Valley; Stella
Vaicr.tine, 2C3 East Sixteenth street, Oak
land; Marion Cheney, 900 Waverly
etreet, Palo Alto; Leonora I. Jess,
21J-S Devisadero. San Francisco; Theo
dora Howe, box 2»9- San Diego;
Teddy Howe, 1001 Sixth street. San
" Diego; Genevieve Cavanaugh. 72S Mary
land street. Vallejo; Bradford Melvln,
14C7 Tenth street, Oakland; Edgar Bryan,
Calistoga; Duran Rose, box 2C7 Hay ward;
Lillian Lcpoids. West End, San , Rafael;
Dorothea O'Neill.' 528 Grajit street, South
Vallejo: Elizabeth O'Neill, 628 Grant
street. South Vallejo; i ->bert Wilson.
<ISS Twenty-fifth street, San Francisco;
Marie Levey, 120 S. Pilgrim street, Stock
ton; Vyona Jochums, K3 North Fourth
street. San Jcse; D. S. Malley, box 7,
Cordelia; M. S. Mason, Edna;- G. C.
Bpaeth, Corning; Edgar Buttner, Port
Costa; Alfred Elson, Benlcia; Herbert El
con, "Eenicia; Leta Berriesford, 917 Twen
tieth, street, Sacramento; T. McMahon,
ICII/ Alcatraz avenue, Berkeley; Bernice
Stuart, £30 H street. Marysvllle; Edith
Frazicr. 2731 K. street, Sacramento; Mar
guerite Turne, £16 North ' Tenth street,
San Jose; George Frank, 432 Oak etrect,
Saa Francisco; Gerald Vcttel, 200 Court
Btrctt. Heading; May Clark, 320 Ellis
street, San Francisco; Doris Lindsey; Au
burn; Ernest Brown, 1557 Pacific avenue,
Alameda; Gertrude Brown,, 1557 Pacific
avenue, Alameda; .Vera Ackley,, 481
University '. avenue; Palo '. Alto ; Tim
Barnard, ; 109 ? Locust * avenue, '/.Vlsalia;
THE SAN FRANCISCO -SUNDAY;nGALL;
Jean Buckley, 3240 ; Encinal .'avenue, Ala
meda; N. Mourltz,'-244 : Santa, Clara ave-'
nue, Oakland ; >. Chester^ Hacke," 1424 Morton
street,, Alameda; '' Margery^.'E.- Glass, J 326
Georgia street,^ Vallejo; -; Ida'" Devehlng,'
Mlddletown, Lake County; Corlisa Hinds,
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
jißsaUWPlfr; Bocl^s— Qnai PrFty- of *T|s'T»— -Pot*
1\u25a0 ; Those' Who g i§ss \u25a0; ||||i|i i^usziei^VTc -©'ay I; I .-. 1 1
Thin It whnt conies. of llVln«r~Ib a great mlnlngr State. ' -; V: ,' ; \ •'. .„•.'" \u25a0• i: '\u25a0 *'; - -
The pnwle\ editor- sits" up- nights .cultivating brain- faff,- trying to get i«» puxzlea to pnxzle the keen-witted
boys and erlrln thnt read The Call puzzle page. -'\u25a0';" •\u25a0' '-\u25a0..\u25a0 ' ' •' \ ' ' '-\u25a0 • <[ '" ;\u25a0',: .-: .v. - *\u25a0 >-»-;' \u0084 '. . ,
And '•what; hnppena ?-'- : ''-«-'" ' ; '•.-.\u25a0 '-'I , • '_\u25a0 _•_. ; ' l>i *',\''~. ': * t \" 1 "' \u25a0.-..'\u25a0;' e>--'e >--'. y.7y .7 -\u25a0«;,*. U.' v."* \u25a0^~
' .lie turns out ttomeiextra line oiie«,V inVwbleh the names of 'prectons aitunca arc hidden In the most Insenl
ou« way, nndu'e. jollies the'boyn^an<l elris v aiona-* by' exclalmlner- In '„ biff :': 'f at -types •-- .- ' ', ' .'- -' .
.;WBEK.» l'^-;.* '^^^V^^Si^f^^^^r-^-^ \u25a0'.. j, \u25a0 '\u25a0\u0084- >• \u25a0"\u25a0.;'•\u25a0: -. •\u25a0:. '
'\u25a0 Thrn he wits «loT»n and' lihbm himself "anil chuckles, and iiayii' to himself i 1. '\u25a0 .- ' .
; ''Gne«i I've !got 'them thU Week nil- rlKht~Woi»u;they.biive to'ivork to gue»« 'em!"' i > ,
.The post man 'comes loaded to the Kun«nlo -with annwers — bushels of them! ,It looks an It every boy and-
Ifflrl In California has guessed them— and. gruessed them right, and the puzzle editor doesn't ' feel so .-. aWfvlly
smart after that. .'He^ust mutters to himself! \u0084.:! -.' '- \-. ! . - v'- ... v, - : »'•?"* "*" i ' "•' ,- ; +'i
\u25a0 "This Is one on me. /I might have, known that Cnllfornlan boys and l grlrls wouldn't hare any trouble smess
slngf the names of precious 'gems. .'Of -course they kuo^v something: about ininen and- what comes" out of them."
. So, Just to set. even, I " here are puzzles- that are -puzzles, even. ln 1 Calif ornla — six more' address puzzle a to
day. \u25a0\u25a0-'.\u25a0.\u25a0:\u25a0.\u25a0'-:\u25a0;\u25a0. ;.;-•,: '-\u25a0';;,\u25a0; \u25a0'/•\u25a0-/. y*'- \u25a0'•";.\u25a0\u25a0;; \u25a0\u25a0',-\u25a0\u25a0' '"'\ \u25a0 \u25a0'•'•-. -^j-'v '-. ''.if-'^'-i .--I. "•".:--' :":\u25a0',. •\u25a0 : !r- ' "V, "\u25a0\u25a0 :' V
Get busy- If "you are ffoinat to have a try^nt . them. . .; -. \u25a0 : '.' . , .'V /'.:;; Hi ,
\u25a0\u25a0 Shnrpcn your \u25a0 pencils. Sharpen your \u0084rrlt».^':B rush.' up -your eebffraphy and hang: on to the puzzle page
as long- as yon can before theoldsters In your family set It away front ypu.^ ; >' \u25a0•-•-•' •'*/ v ;.".' •j > \u25a0-.' '\u25a0 : i
• If you have any trouble^ rvlta these ' puxxleM just remember there are haymakers as.irell.as hnyaeeds on the
voting register, and don't forget that the boys do a little fleldlnff In the ball srames. , -.s.. i.^ ; .". *s . "!•• j
' : :s^l'!^Hß!jHnl^^oTtoldf'f^' : i^ : '^ " .. \u25a0/."' . t'/'^i ,"\u25a0\u25a0;;'('•\u25a0
. •;•\u25a0'• Here l;' are some .particular/, points to bear- la, mIBd.: 'vALWAYS BE ABSOLUTELY , CERTAIN THAT YOU
GIVE YOUR ADDRESS CORIIECTLY and LEGIBLY, for several dozen* books have been returned because of in
correct addresses. So if your name 'mi* published and you did not receive a hook please write to the
Puzzle; Editor. -^ ,- A v-. :'\-.:'. \u25a0': y \u25a0•\u25a0 : /'".' ,:<\u25a0' \. •-\u25a0: /~',-' : : :\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0' \u25a0 ~- \u25a0 ' \u25a0' ' . . '.. " \u25a0 :.", "\u25a0 .;. '".-. ','. ' •" ," .
\u0084-.' '\u25a0: n KMEMBEIi r THE - RIJ LES ' COXCEIINING \ PICTURES. \u0084 Don't . send " 1n" untoned proofs or*;" stamp photos,
unless, they 'are, very .plain. ;.' Those who work hnrd but are so unlucky as to Jimt miss may set their pictures
\u25a0in as a reward for trying." Pictures never appear at- the same time as the names.
THERE ARE ONE \u25a0 HUNDRED AND FIFTY. PRIZES, and. thla 'is. What you most do to win one of 'them S
Solve" the ./ namt-s /*•. of^addrcKsej* represented ' above -.\u25a0\u25a0aad 'write . them \u25a0 out - In- the :' space ' opposite ; the
: proper correnpondins number provided : for the purpose in the coupon .on this page, as • per directions; fill iin
. the coupon with jour name- and address and give the prize you desire— lf you win— aud send the coupon to
the^EDITOII^OF.'THEjNAaiE.rPUZZt.KiPAGK; Sunday Call, San . Francisco, : Cnl.
: . REMEMBER— To "the ; FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND : FIFTt : BOYS . AN d GIRLS : vrho koI ye the six puzzlea
correctly, one of ;-thje*e^ ONE HUNDRED ,AND^; FIFTY. BEAUTIPUL ;^PRIZES will be awarded.
\u25a0\u0084 . ,\u25a0 And 'don't forget 'this" next -point, because^itvls 'Tery^lniportants .'ALL'ANSAVERS'JiUST R.EACH. THIS
OFFICE ' BY- FRIDAY,' NOON. .This Kl ves all ' those ; In" 1 the ', country ' an "equal ', chance* to " compete. • ; Read - every
thlns on-thlsrpaße,. to'.»be"snre'that : you overlook 'nothing: that" will'help you to^ win a prfae.* / ; " •
, THE : NASIES; OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL' DB PUBLISHED IN THE. SUNDAY 'CALL TWO WEEKS
;TraOM:TO-DAY;>»{pctob«r;^ 'v.*:>. \u25a0 '{vn - *
These are" the BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If you solve all the puzzles correctly:
'•Treasure Island," Stevenson j Pocket \u25a0 Encyclopedia Britnnnlcni "Little Lame" Prince,*! Mulocki "Ten Gems
\u25a0 from I Kipling" ; ".'/Wonder ".* 860k,'» v i Hawthorne t v *f Vie. >, Autoblorraphy. of ; a : Fox '•'. Terrlerj'i . : "Uncle Tom's Cabin,**
Stowei- "Book of Fairy Tnles"; "IMaek Beauty"; "Alice in, Wonderland"! Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin;
ißooki Book* of Adventures for Boys; Christmas Stories, by Dickens; "Twice Told. Tales," Hawthorne} "I'ooi Brown's
' School Duys"; "Robert .Hardy's Seven Days," Sheldon; "Elizabeth and Her German Garden"; "A Fine Sea Story
for. Boys'?}, "Not 'Like Other: Girls^ Carey ; «fThe Lone House," ;Barr.*;" ' ; v
wi unio Bireci, .-vaiiejo;.s*>uu*iufx-aiui«:i, .-,
401 Ward \ street,* :Martlncz;£ Ruth I; Fitch, ,
1C?4: Ashby, averiue.-South; Berkeley; ' Alice
Gre^ ; Na*paroad;* s Vallejo;; Bessie Springer,
box 246/ Los?Gatos; sLoris j : Walk*r^ 14081
Tiventieth\' street," f - Oakland ; C Llla'T Hart; '*.
Tracy r^Clara SlegleV* 23l3 Blandlnf avenu*,'
medaCotihty ; ; Blythe . Simmons, vFoisoni;
Cv Kihgrsford.i,; 26l6 "^Sutter :> street, .. San
Francisco; . ; James \u25a0' ; Peirsol, . box .<'\u25a0 30,'
Mendocino; S Feroline*;Mlobe,-q 148 (Clipper,
streeC San. Francisco; Eliza. Lash,'; box 85,
Suisun; ' Clarise" Wert*; 1590 rAlcatrax avo-
nuV; i South " Berkeley: ' Harold Campbell,
Clark T -:& Henery building. '; Stockton;
;Chsxrlotte tWhissey, Tracy; Bert "Towns,
943 "j Campbell :. street, ' Oakland; CJ Mc-
Naught.is 69 /.Tremont \u25a0 avenue; : San a Fran
cisco ; .Tillie \u25a0 Muller, 626 Castro stree t, San
Francisco.'" ./;.>-: \u25a0'..'. '_
Solve the Puzzles, i
Fill Out the Coupon i
and Send It to i
the Puzzle Editor, i
Sunday Call, S. F. j
To Pnxsle Editor* Snaday Call, ;
San Fraaclseot !
Bel*w In their proper »nn»- !
ber* please Sad my solution •! ;
the nanM of addressee repre- ',
seated In this week's poulea, <
1 •• ;
x ...,..,...,,....'. i
s :
V*: ' ' :
4 J
\u25a0 - i
'-'\u25a0 *" i
- . *
4
•;\u25a0 j
; Name ....•..••'••«»»»•»•»•••«• ',
\ S ' : i
; City
; State, ......•••••«•••••*•••••••
1 If I win I choose for prla*
\u25ba (See Ll«t of Prises.)
\-' •.:'...The San Francisco Sunday Call.no_textno_textno_textPages 17 to 24
IS THE BIGGEST CATCH
IN MATRIMONIAL OCEAN
Young Lord Howard de Walden Has Income of More Than
$1,000,000 a Year and His Record Is Clear.
£j>cclal Cable to The CalL
LONDON, Oct. 14. — There was rather
a special interest about the recent ac
quisition of "Audley End," the historic
and splendid Tudor mansion, in Essex,
by Lord Howard de Walden. It led one
to speculate as to whether an American'
girl might not eventually succeed "in
• marrying this nobleman, who, though
he is only 25, and has been rarely men
tioned in the newspapers,' has spent the
last few years of his life in dodging ,
attempts to lure him into matrimony.
For by thus providing himself with" a
country seat worthy to rank with the
London palace which he owns in Bel
grave square, this youthful peer has
done the last thing necessary to make
himself pre-eminently \tlie greatest
"catch" in the world to-day. And isn't
it acknowledged that most of the other
greatly desired bachelors of ' recent
years have finally capitulated to. fair
daughters of the Stars and 'Stripes?,
To exaggerate the attractions of Lord
Howard de Walden, considered "from "a
matrimonial standpoint, would be rath
er difficult. For besides possessing
good looks, a historic ancestry, and that
rare thine in a youthful member of the
British peerage," an absolutely clean
record, this young nobleman has be
come one of the , richest men in all
Europe. He owns huge estates In Not
tinghamshire and Ayrshire, and It Is
now estimated that he owns more valu
able land in London than the young'
Duke of Westminster, who always has
been held to be the greatest of London
landlords, and as such, has been the
subject of endless columns of gossip.
Lord Howard de Walden's . recently
acquired pre-eminence Is due, partly to
the fact that his London, possessions in
clude many acres In the Harnpstead
which Is getting more and
more popular as a place of residence;'
but it is the square -mile of real estate
that he owns in the Marylebone district
that can be described as a veritable El
dorado. Besides aristocratic Cavendish
square with its ducal mansions, this
estate includes Harley street, \u25a0where all
the most eminent and fashionable Lon
don doctors have their abiding places,
and a doien more thoroughfares whose
names mean almost as much in this
country.' From this property alone the
young bachelor's income is between
$1,000,000 and $1,500,000 a year. What
his total income is It would be- rash
to guess — and he himself probably
would be the last to try to guess.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS.
Besides being the eighth Baron How
ard de Walden, this youthful peer Is
Baron Seaford. Moreover he is "Supe
rior" of the Scotch town of Kllmarnock,
a large slice of which is Included In
his si Ayrshire estate," this title being'
equivalent to that of Lord of the Manor
in England. He is; an ex-lieutenant of
the swagger Tenth Regiment' of Hus
sars, w^tb whom he went 'to the South
African war. He is one of the most
prominent breeders of racehorses in
this country. His steam yacht, "the
Highwayman," Is one of the finest
afloat. Perhaps, however, apart from
his vast wealth, Howard de Walden is
most interesting as a "catch" on ac
count of, the two superb mansions of
which W is now the proprietor. *
The flrs\ of these, "Seaford House,"
in Belgrave square, now disputes with
Stafford House, the magnificent resi
dence of. the Duke and : Duchess of
Sutherland, the honor of being the fin
est private residence In London. .It
was bought .by Howard de .Walden in
1900, or about six months after the
unexpected sudden / death' of his
father changed!' the young man,' ,. who ;
The San Francisco Call.
TOUXG NOBLEaiAN' - TOR WHOM
IiKITISH MAIDS ARE ANGLING,
AXD HIS 1 MOTHER; ...
had barely attained 'his majority, from
plain Thomas. Evelyn Ellis ' Esq. , to., the.
holder of ' two | baronies and one' of the
rlchetft; noblemen ''in # 'Europe. ''.The man
sion was then "Sef ton . House," andThad
previously been one of . the best known,
as well aa" one 'of 'the largest pf London
mansions.. Its, owner, the' Countess of
Sef ton, held a' salon that was', famous
for its brilliance. When, however, her
only ' son came to grief in a steeple
chase and. became an '-Invalid for- life,
the -Countess ' retired into", the country
to be with him, and for several; years
her. great .town house remained closed.
When Lord' Howard; de* Walden
bought "Seaford House.", as. lie renamed
it, /he found it ,' full . of moldy leather
chairs and other* relics' of ; early- Vic
torian, tastelessness, :but' in -less/than
five months he had transformed it In a
way that Monte ' Cristo himself ! might
have .'envied.'. Now the feature- of the
place is : its superb \ marble staircase.
The stone used in. its construction' tones
! from ; palest sea_ green to "deepest emer
ald, and was brought from South Africa
at great ; expense. ;. The; column's ' of the
staircase are of Mexican: alabaster. "The
painted 'ceilings'. of !' "Seaford House? are
models of artistic decoration, whilethe 1
furniture is entire .French. -
GOIXG DOWNSTAIRS BED.
Perhaps the oddest thing about"Aud
ley End," Howard" de .Walden's stately
new. country,,seat,ywhlch he leases from
Lord Braybrooke, is ; the "fact, that- the
guests he entertains, there have. to. go
downstairs,' instead iof- upstairs, to bed!
This is accounted -for^by, the- fact "that
in' this.o ld: Tudor mansion 'the. state
apartments are on \ the' -second 'floor,
while the' bedrooms are. on, the- ground,
floor. -The* .grounds , are" vast,' -and) to
look after "them and .the -flower-beds,
Howard de Walden "employs 'fifty ; gar- ,
deners, twenty of whom confine their
attention to the blooms and vegetables!
which, he raises under, glass.; ' i
With two such establishments, not to
jnention a few, millions-at< her com- I
mand, - the -future .Lady -Howard de !
AValden ought to be fairly I .'
In addition/ however,, she will probably j
one day; come into.- about: the finest
collection of, jewelry-, in this country.
This is now: the property, of ' Howard de
Waldcir"s .mother, .who -is LadyVLudlow
by her second 1 marriage,; and' Is one of
the handsomest women: in ,< the land.
She it is who entertains for him when
ever there is a blg.partyat either Sea
ford : House or Audley, End,' and a- most
charming chatelaine she-, makes. Her
ladyship, -who was Blanche. Holden be
,fore she married the late Lord Howard
de Walden, did not have an . especially
happy time with that, nobleman; in fact,
she secured a legal separation from him
immediately a^ter their : 'sori was born.
But she, and "the present Howard de
Walden are devoted to each j other, and
before her ,. marriage to Lord Ludlow,
two years ag6, they used to be seen
continually dining" or lunching together
at the" best ."restaurants; where stran
gers generally 'took them for brother
and sister.- •\u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0• \u25a0 ; '\u25a0
• The young bachelor peer is about the
most ".baffling proposition with which
match-making mammas and chaperones
on this, side .of the- water- ever have
had to deal. and perhaps this is partly
due'to the intention which he has often
expressed^ .of waiting „ until he found
a, woman^Just;like his. mother before
hemarrled; • In' society; however, it is
affirmed : that Lady herself will
choose: her son's bride. With the pos
sible exception- of the Duchess of Port
land, no. English peeress can vie with
.LadyLudlbw,'. so: far as jewels are con
cerned; -Most' of her priceless- collec
tion; of gems 'came- to her when she
married : her first husband. Her emer-
I aids are of. really barbaric splendorand
she -possesses' sufficient --to cover an
entire corsage.- In fact, when her en
gagement' to \u25a0 Lord Ludlow; -was 'an- I
nouriced,' the former Lady Howard de f
Walden begged her. friends on no ac- ',
count to 'send her jewels, as she "slm- '
ply did not know what to do with those '
she already possessed." And it goes f-
Without saying" that these. will pass on I
to her daughter : ln-law, whoever she
may' be. ' I '•'\u25a0•>' . I
• AVEARS A MOXOCI^E. !
Personally/ Howard; .de- 1 Walden Is ;
tall, fair and rather, boyish-looking, and '.
like ' many ' young aristocrats ,In this !
country.' affects a monocle. ' He dresses '
quietly, but .well, and Is rather partial i
to .fancy' waistcoats. - \u0084 _
*' But .'his passion Is fencing. ;He Is ,
reputedly the 'best amateur, swordsman >
in England, and. has one of ;the finest !
cdllectioii.bf rapiers In Europe, half of/
these., blades being.; on ";: exhibition at i
Seaford, House and, half atAudky. End. .
whereT there is also a magnificent show j
of armor.V ; '\u25a0' /f^faßs^^li^^l^sl^^^^SSß^^
"• . ItjWill be gathered that whatever this i
young. nobleman attempts to'do,' he floes
systematically. .He j. carried out this
rule, .too, in. the. management of his "vast
estate' "Of course. It is ImposslbleTfor ,='"
him to , look after , all ...the .details con-
npcted'with it; iii' person;;, but he; has"
;theni">at;hls. fingers'; ends and few' days,
pass ."without finding \u25a0. him \at his ; estate .
office, In -IQueen - Anne; street, Cavendish
square.^in. deep consultation; with his '
steward, y Taken *- all . he- Is .
about ; as level-headed "... a;, young , fellow J
a? one could , meet *In a /day's ' march, '< and j
it will 1 -, .be;, a^ lucky » girl,: American for ;i
otherwise, . who ; gets ; him ; and . his ' broad ,' ;
acres/andjhls ,blg;rent : roll. .".; . . j
SAN FRANGISCO, :SIJNDAY,,V(DGrTOBER- 15, 1905.
MADE FROM
FLAGSHIPS
SHEATINGS
Bust of Nelson to
Be Given to the 4
Presideiit.
Copper That Once^XJoy-
jp ered Victory- Is
Metal Used.; J
Mr. RooseyelUlst^ Receive
Souvenir of England's
Naval Hero. ; -
Special Cable to The Call.
I LONDON. Oct. 14.— Probably, before
these lines appear in. print President
\u25a0Roosevelt will have received from the
British .and Foreign Sailors' Society a
bust of . Lord : Nelson; made jfrom the
copper that once ."sheathed; the'. bottom
of his famous flagship^ } the\ victory. \u25a0„\u25a0 It
has ( .been . specially made 'forVhim and
will' be .presented to him as a, grateful
recognition of his commendation of the
society's work and approvalof its plan
for commemorating, the of
the hero's death. That plan; -in a nuU
shell, is to raise a' million -shilling
($250,000) Nelson memorial iiund to be
devoted to improving; poor f Jack's - lot
and "stimulating interest' in his welfare.
The American author" of "The Life of
Nelson," Captain' .Mahan, .who has done
more than any Englishman to reveal
to England the full measure of her in
debtedness to her greatest; sailor, has
also commended. the scheme. £"l should
think," he writes to the secretary 6/
the society, -"your; project- of -utilizing
the -centenary of Nelson's death as an
impulse * to 'national interest
In "the welfare of seamen - eminently
suitable.,' ;{As I -read : his^life|; hisiln-*
terestv in seamen wag, n'o^ohlyjpisafe*-
sio.nal but -personal^ln \ its kindneai?.;\-,j..
*;.;With)thls laudable object In Vview' the"
British and Foreign, Sailors' Society has
placed itself at; the -headlof "thei national,
movements for • Celebrating - c ; they'h'un
dredthannlversary.df the'-battle/of Tra
falgar and' the. death of JNelson. ,. Nel-,
son's watchword; was; duty. ; Kis last
signal wa's j'that, never-toVbe-forgbtten
one, "England .'expects that.' every,,/ man
will do his .duty." V As . every "schoolboy
knows, his jlast words'as he^lay^dylng
{ in the bloody /cockpit- ofj the: Victory,
on that " .memorable:- 21st of ;, October,*
1805, were, "Thank, God I have done rriy :
! duty!" By." a> happy, inspiration-theso
< ciety has -seized upon his" watchword to
I remind England of the duty." it -owes
to its sailorsj on whom; the maintenance
of its mighty empire depends. ' . ;
DISPLAYS -OF PATRIOTISM.. '"\u25a0''
The anniversary will, of course, call
forth' many 'displays of patriotism . In
various parts of the empire, but they
will be in' the main of a pacific charac
ter. At Trafalgar, England annihilated
the combined j fleets of France' j and
Spain. A r grand naval review, which
would exhibit England's naval .'might
and power, would seem to be the, most
fitting celebration of the of
her. greatest sea victory and the. death
of her greatest sea hero. It would cer
tainly be most; popular, with;the jin-.
goes. But the entente .cordiale; had to
be taken into \u25a0 consideration. Gallic
pride is sensitive and Trafalgar/ day is
a day<_ of humiliation for France.
Therefore, if has . been ' decided, -that
there, shall be 'nothing in ' the various
celebrations which can hurt.'the feel
ings of England's i present good friend,
aforetime her; bitterest foe. • ; ; \ *;
Nelson mementos, will "play an ' im
portant part .> in the centenary. , pro
grammes. -,;The. Lords of the' Admiralty
have given *to the \ British and "Foreign
Sailors'. Society ;all of theoak.and cop
per " removed from l the Victory when
the accident she : met, ;wlth a; few, years
ago necessitated a?general--overhaul
ing of the old .ship. > The society ; has
also obtained'the; whole , of ;the'coppe"r,
amounting- to- several Uons, : , that, -.was
salved from* the Foudroyarit, "another
of Nelson's', flagships,- which ?7was
wrecked' ln - 1897.»*-The metal and -wood
will be made up ' Into'; souvenirs . to vbe
given to: contributors to'. the:, million
shilling fund.:; : Each -one of \u25ba them /will
contain; Victory I copper ( eked * out <; with
I the sheathing 'of ; .' the *\u25a0 Foudroyant:
t Schools, '•; public 'bodies,:, town and'.' bor-\
' ough councils, -etc^-subscrlbing.' $250 I
'or more, ; wlll^ be given a ysmall- copper J
1 bust of : Nelson 'mounted, ion 'aip«destal
f of wood .from ! the • Victory: '• | Subscribers
I'of fr6m;ssoto $1251w11l- receive Jcbpper.
plaques [ot ' the Victory * "mounted /.on
wood from"; the T.same* 3 source/-' Those
who contribute $25 ; will ' receive- copper
! shields mounted : . in \u25a0the> i same|", way.
' Donors of 5 51; 25 -and "will;, re*
1 celve; : copper.'" ".medals^' and •' 'brooches.
' Even those who;harid : ;ln*only'2s;'cents
; to the fund will receive a small ;"copper. 1
charm with a' representation of the Vie- •
1 tory^on^one side of v 'it. 1 / - :: ' v / >"v\V
' ' SOU VENins: GUARANTEED. ;.;
I ' Everyjsouve'nir;is*guaranteed >to
tain; concer from the. Victory.^ It "would *
: not be;adyisable.>hpweveV, s ifor''sk'ep"tlcs |
, to inquire" too ".closely^ as; to JwhctherMt '"
wilUbe copper that 'the grrandfoldiship''
actually/ carried onj her^-bottpm^when •
she ; fought at;i Trafalgar.-^ She I- saw? a !
deai of service after that "arid : probably \
renewed?: her.-. copper ; ;Sheathing,-;.m6re I*
than ; once.'Each;memento, .wiH contain
a suitable inscription, certifying among
other j things >'. that; it ; eon tains;? copper,
from:' the ; Victory^ 'As vaV markTof. the
King's approval -of objects^:, which'
they are ; to the- devoted ?;e«ch «of i'thein
will; In: addition 'be* stamptds with I' the
royal ? Initials. i"E.-;R.; ; V11.".'; /They xwlll
be;awarded ; to, American" contrilfutorssto ,
the fund ton ;the same ttermsas-'to, Brit- 1
ish ;i; i I i 'roni;;the ] vfact;.that*
one ;American';,flrm ;'inade\ *
ah. offer; tolthe; society,-, to J-purchase the \u25a0
whole lot,i:it'.r,is;jnferred^ tliatt- there
PICTURB.OF^ COPPER^ BUST r WHICH} .WIU/.BE PRESEXTF.D :'jO.-MB^.BOOS& I
, \u25a0 VEL.T>AS-A r feOUVENIR OF THE.HUNDBBDTHi'AWIVERSART r Or."IiORD I
,: \u25a0*:•\u25a0 \u25a0• N]EU?ON'S- DEATH/ AND' ENGLAND'S KAVAI, HEHO'S. FAMOUS FU\.OSHIP.
Will .be a brisk demand for them lii the
United States."': - : \u0084'-. / L'\u25a0
;.' Among % the' beneficent , objects to
which 1 the fund Is to be devoted-. Is the
extension -of * the ,'Passmo're Edwards'
Sailors', Palace — familiarly known as
'yack'a^-PalaceV—rlrt..the-..Commercial
Road,. London; the founding of Nelson
free scholarships, 1 the establishment of
Nelson. reading- rooms in various ports,
the completion of Sailors' Rests already
underway: arid provisions for -making
•Nelson awards for heroism, to seamen.
\u25a0-; A "NELSON"; CONCERT. , ;
•\u25a0: Onthe centenary.afternoon there will
be. a distribution of the Nelson souven
irs to school;. children and societies by,
some member";- of the royal -family .In
Royal Albert Hall, London, the\iargest j
hall In the metropolis. .In the evening
.there will ,be a" grand - Nelson concert.
On that ; occasion ... i t is hoped that Ed
ward Lloyd, the famous English tenor,
will come out-of his ; retlrement and
sing once, again rthe". song, with , which
in former years • he i often - delighted
thousands, "ThevDeath- of -Nelson." ; At
provincial centers* there. will be slraHar.
commemorations under : the auspices of
the society. ~ ; >^- „''-\u25a0\u25a0•.'' ....
• On Trafalgar's eve the \u25a0 Fishmongers'
Company— that" ancient 3 '^association
which ' regards itself as I the rightful
custodian of England's; great" sea tra
ditions—will give a Nelson centenary
dinner which •' promises'-, to be the big
gest thing in that line* it -has,- ever
undertaken. T It Ib \u25a0 hoped that Embassa
dor Reid will make -a speech' on that
occasion. " On •' Sunday. 'afternoon,. Octo
ber ? 22, in St. ? Paul's Cathedral, where
Nelson was buried, the. Bishop of Step
ney will preach:ori; "Lessons from «' the
Life -and Death-of Nelsort." • Next day
St. ; Paul's •": will* be " the .scene of » a uni
versal service for "seafarers of all de - (
norninations ' In_: connection : with ' the
.Trafalgar, celebratib'nsr;- \u25a0'":'>
" "Of course; Trafalgar. Square, v wlth its
imposing 'Nelson' column,* will *be : the
scene of a' special celebration. VFor
some years past" the Navy " League has
decorated' that '"monument/on", the "anni
versary 'of Trafalgar.- They will" do it
again this I year "on. an imposing scale,
which wlirinclude a night';llluminatlon.
They, will also arrange /various, other
celebratlons,V.but'-; their; -plans': have .not;
yet -been-dlvulged-r The-?fact -Is -they ;
are c jealous *of -\ the:, prominence -.taken
rlnS the ' colfimemor'atlon ,;by ;i -, the • British
and' Foreign vSallors'i Society- and .have
been foolish enough, to show' it. T/jThey
seem . to i think," •, ; , said V:
Crutchley, .the; secretary of 'the Jeague,
running- the,-wbole show.
They are trying \u25a0to •: steal I ' other/ people's
thunder. . i I;- don't v call | it.playlng the
game, . having ;\u25a0 their j f orei gn sailors* say
I r let . • • them % look jfouti f or,,k themselves.
One of the of: the, Navy .League
Is "to prevent". British .ships 'being, man
ned/by any. but British? sailors.'; . '
""" ;i. .-. A .TABDY ,
* The -Nelson'- Column, : it f \i*''-\ot ;• some
! interest}' to 'irecan.-vwasL itself/ a ; tardy
! memorial * by' the nation 5 ; to -the? great
! admiral.- Th6ujgrh;a* momumsntUo ;Nel-
I 'son""'. was '. proposed ' in- ;l Bos," and .'lBl6
Parliament acknowledged that a hionu-.
ment; was ."a; 'duty which -the ;H nation
I ought perhaps to 'have disc'Uargcd many,
"years : ago," . it /was • riot ; - until *.< 1838—'
\u25a0thirty-three- years after his death^that
the; matterf was} taken/up. in '"earnest:
: It 'was , on; th'e * recommendatlonTof the
' Duke of .Wellington; that" .the "monument j
a :colu'mn; r \u25a0\u25a0:-:\u25a0-'\u25a0 • v;.;J
"After Nelson's death his ; br6ther: was I
' made an :>Earl\w!th"a" grant of $30))0\!
a** year .and'iEarliament -voted* ssoo,ooo t
to purchase", an estate for " him. Each |
ofihls^sistersv^recelved; $50,000. /)• But j
nothing i was ;' done >,'. f br/ ; the> belng'J. he 1
loved imostv onuearth-^-Lady; .« Hamilton. }
Obviously* it-^was/iher ;he';had : .most jin
"mindiwhenSJn'jthat pathetic' entry, made
inrhis diary ,"after4 taking! his last: fare r ;
welll of f'MertonT?heVcommehded*,to ithe C
"care?of , his couhtry.iint the event. Qf]hlsr;
death./.those.w ho j.were jmpstv'-dear; to ';\u25a0
him.** .'Lady^Hamllton : died-in penury In '
WANTS CUSTODY
OF RELICS OF
UNHAPPY QUEEN
Papa Zimmerman Ac
quires Taste for His
toric Things.
Special Cable to The Call.
LONDON. Oct. 14.— Kilbolton Castle, one
of the Duke of \u25a0 Manchester's seats, lis un
dergoing renovation;" prior to its occupa
tion of the 'aristocratic' tenant to whom it
has been '-ieased.' Catharine of Arragon,
the first, wife of. that much married mon
arch,» King Henry v VIII, spent the last
years of her life there, and it was there
she. died, a- victim, it is said, of poison.
Thof, castle contains ! many : relics of the
unfortuhate'Queen." These have been re
moved , from the apartments which • the
.Queen . occupied, j and. It ;Is v said they are
not -to be replaced "there. As to the dis
position -to be made of them two stories
are* current.' One is that the Duchess in
tends to bestow them in one of her resi
dence s. ; • The other is - that I Papa j Zim
merman wants them and that he is to bo
the custodian .'of: them .until ;his death.
It is said 'that "since his daughter married
a Duke he has become keenly interested
in historlc.'relics.
~ The 'Duchess of Roxburge, after "many
fruitless attempts to | find a suitable resi
dence; In- Ireland, has intrusted- the mat
ter to Lord Barrymore,: who married, as
his: seconds wife, the widow; of -Arthur
Post of .: New -York,* and thereby greatly
improved -his ; financial ' position. Natur
ally, V therefore,*, he; 'is" partial to "American
.women and; willing to do all in his power
to' assist them. -Few men know Ireland
better I than he- does, j At ' one time- be was
one •of the. best hated men ' In the coun
try, '; and .diligent g students i oX ; Irish | his
tory;, within, the last quarter of a century
would say. 'that' it is a .wonder' he is still
living.: ':, He. "is *, looking - outt. for a ; house
for a the iin^ picturesque. Galway.
A" fine mansion constructed of Irish gran
ite, and situated between Tuam and Clare
morris ( on' >the Midland . Uhd | Great : West
ern .Railway ;• has "• been inspected -within
the last- few. days.', It;is^^ known \u25a0 as* Grove
Castle, :and; was erected about forty years
ago; by; an.: eccentric^ bachelor* millionaire
named Cannon. -.The ßestate attached "to
the house Is of little value;- but the house
and ;! grounds :", are 'There Is
plenty.' of " fishing J and- shooting "hv the
nelghborhood'.and Mn jthe shunting season
it* attracts^ many . aristocratic folk.
Calais, .whither she had^fled, to escape
hen "creditors ;iri •, England." -'After the
flght at -Te'neriffe,. which cost Nelson his
: right. arm, -, He-. returned to England to
'recover. -from ? his-twound and occupied
lodgings*, in \NeWi street. The
house * has since i been ; *\u25a0 pulled down.
That she t might.be near. him' during this
"period,; Lady^Hamll ton rented a. house
iri\the. same street— No. 150. "The' house
has iUndergohe,Mittle -change since ithe
famous" beauty resided there, save .that
the ; ground j floor, has ; been - transformed*
Into ; a'fishmoriger's shop.' "The coat of_
arms s over the 'door - indicates " that ; the*
proprietor., enjoys "= the \u0084patronage. patronage of ;
royalty. \u25a0-•; - i • ' ]
Pages 17 to 24
MRS. PALMER
WILL ASTONISH
LONDON TOWN
Ambitious Woman r of
-\u25a0 cChicag'o; to Give a
Fancy Dress Ball
Social Cabla to Ths Call.
LONDON. Oct. 14.— Mrs. Potter Palmer's
friends are saying that when she re
j turns -to Hampden House, which she
leased as a town residence from the Duks
of Ab'ercorh, she Intends to give some
thing unique In the way of a fancy dress
ball— something that will be talked about
as much as was Mrs. Bradley Martin' 3
famous ball. The latter did not make
at all the sort of hit Mrs. Bradley Martin
had fondly anticipated. It was derided
as a vulgar and ostentatious exhibition of
wealth. Preachers denounced it. As far
as the ambitious hostess is concerned it
simply represented a great waste of
money. Because of the comments made
on It, Instead of helping her it hurt her
socially. But the ambitious Chicago
woman has much more tact and good
taste than her compatriot. Her enter
prise will be so managed that it will not
lay her open to the same charge. Besides
she will have the assistance of her friend.
Consuelo. Duchess of Manchester, a past
master in the art of doing the right thing
In the right way. I hear that Mrs. Potter
Palmer is hatching a scheme for a new
club In London for both English and
American women. Potter Palmer is
fast becoming one of the most prominent
women in the social swim.
BRITISH PEERS
SELL FRUITS
AND FLOWERS
No Loss of Dignity
Involved in Trade
* of This Kind.
Special Cable to The CalL
LONDON. Oct. 14.— Several members of
the. British peerage sell their surplus
flowers,* fruits and vegetables and do not
suffer any loss of dglnlty thereby." At
Pcynton Towers in Cheshire and Sudbury
Hall lin I Derbyshire, two of the seats of
Lord Vernon, the Held 3 have produced a
phenomenally' fine \u25a0 crop of mushrooms.
Liverpool dealers offered ?3siO a bushel
for them. They were rather astonished
tor learn from the steward of tho estate
that Lady V*rnon had given instructions
that they should be distributed amon?
various charitable, institutions in the
neighborhoods. Lady.. Vernon was for
merly Miss Lawrence of. New York. She
is.a charming woman and might be a
prominent social lj£der If sshe cared nor
the sort of.thln^yfor which many women
would willingly risk breaking their necks.
She prefers a quiet life sweetened by un
ostentatious chart tks.iJßHßflß
Announces Cure for Cholera.
.WURZBURG. Oct. 14.— Dr. Stumpf of
this, city announces* a new care for
cholera. It consists In the patient tak
ing,a powder, which Is nothing more
\u25a0gor " less .than triturated clay. This
immediately stops all vomiting and the
fever : begins . to . subside half an hour
after, but during the cure the patient
must take no food or alcohol.18
Grand Recording Secretary Dr. C. M-
Troppmann and Jacob Lab«?l, editor of
the American Forester Review, paid a
fraternal visit last week to Court San
ta Rosa In the City of- Roses, and while
there they witnessed an initiation.
After the business of the evening there
were addresses by the visitors for the
ijood of the court and the one that was
delivered by the recording' secretary
\u25a0was of a character that was most sal
utary on the membership and which
will never be forgotten as a fraternal
lesson by those who heard it. After
the court closed the visitors were
guests at a banauet.
Court Zenith has arranged for a
sxand bail on the night of October 28.
Court Columbia is arranging for it*
annual ball in Teutonia Hall in the
near future.
Grand Recording Secretary Tropp
maiin will pay a visit to Court Concor
dia )n Sacramento October 20.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Coletta
Tucker recently paid official visits to
Stockton Circle. Star Circle in lone and
lone Circle In lone, to Live Oak Cir
cle in this city. Pride of Healdsburg
Circle, Healdsburg. She will visit as
follows: October 16th, Farragut Clr
tle. Vallejo; 17th, Pride of the Forest
Circle, this city; 19th. Ferrucio Circle,
this city; 24th, Imperial Circle, Oak
land: 2Stn, American Circle, Petaluma,
and 31st. Inter Nos Circle, this city.
The members of the Companions of
the Forest of America in this city and
across the bay have decided to tender
a supper to past supreme sub-chief
companion, Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, for the
purpose of proving to her that they ap
proved of her couiwe at the recent ses
sion of the Supreme Circle in refusing
to accept an office in that body after
the had been deprived of the office of
supreme chief companion, to which she
was entitled under the unwritten law
of fraternal societies, which Is that all
subordinate officers In a supreme or
governing body shall be advanced. This
supper will be given on the night of
October 21. Those who have charge
oi this affair are Mrs. Emma A. Har
rington. Rebekah Kemp van Ec, Mrs. M.
11. Cartwright, Agnes D. Bremer and
John J. Cordy.
It whs young people's night at the
entertainment and dance given by
Robin Hood Circle on the night of Oc
tober 10 in social hall of the Alcazar
building. There was a pleasing pro
gramme of musical numbers and spe
cialties and an up-to-date order of
dances.
James G. Blame Circle had a social in
the Alcazar building on the night of
the last Tuesday in September, which
was a pleasant function carried out
under the direction of the following
named committee: Mesdames Butler,
Beban. Cartwright and Emery and
Messrs. Boradori, Morton and Wigham.
The basket party that was given by
Ix>reley Circle in the latter part of Sep
tember was one of the most delightful
social functions ever given by this very
enthusiastic circle. The attendance was
large, the ladies were attired in fetch
ing gowns and each brought a pretty
basket filled with a tempting lunch.
Each member and guest was presented
by the committee, as a souvenir of the
occasion, a dainty little chip basket.
The order of the tdanpes was up to date,
and during the intermission the bas
kets were distributed and the lunch
partaken of. The dancing was under
the direction of Floor Manager D. St.
Laurent, assisted by Mrs. S. Brooks.
Miss Martha Pape and George Wilson-
James G. Blame Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America gave
its first masked ball In Mission Turn
Hall on the last Saturday in September
and the affair was well attended. There
were many and varied costumes on the
floor and the function was an enjoyable
one, successfully carried out under the
direction of the general . committee,
composed of W. J. Boradori. Mrs. Mate
H. Cartwright, Mrs. Emma Emery, Mrs.
Mabel Butler, Mrs. Sylvia Beban,
Robert Morton and W. E. Wigham.
On the night of the first Wednesday
in October Robin Hood Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America
tendered Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, P. S. -S.
C C, who recently returned from the
East, a surprise reception. There was
a good attendance and many speeches
upholding Mrs. Atwood for the stand
she took in declining to accept any of
fice In the Supreme Circle after some
one else had been selected for advance
ment and she was deprived of the of
fice she was entitled to. In proof of
the love and esteem in which she is
held by the members of the circle she
was presented a beautiful art vase with
the best wishes of the members. Then
Mrs. Emma A. Harrington. P. G. C. C.
presented her a pretty jardiniere with
flowers as a token of personal admira
tion of the work she has done for the
order. After this Mrs. Mary Connell,
P. G. R. S., presented Mrs. Atwood a
beautiful vase, to prove her admira
tion also. The presentations were fol
lowed by the serving of icecream and
cakes.
•rzj'v Woodcraft.
At the recent social given by Apple
wood Camp the camp offered a beauti
ful flag to the camp of this city that
should have in attendance the largest
number of members. Th© prize was
won by Tamalpais Camp and at its
meeting la*t week the flag was pre
sented to it.
Special City Organizer Apple has of
fered an elegant sofa pillow to the
member of Mission Camp who, shall
during a stated period present for initi- j
ation the largest number of candidates.
The same official has made an offer to
Tamalpais Camp of a gojd emblematic
button to the member who shall make
the best showing.
At the last meeting of Applewood
Camp it had a large number of appli
cations for membership. Eighteen were
initiated.
Head Consul Boak of the Woodmen of
the World will make visits as follows
during his visit to California In Nov«n
ber: 18th to Marysville; 20th, San Jose;
21st. Vacaville; 22d. Napa: 23d. Berkeley;
24th. San Luis Oblspo; 25th, Watsonvllle;
27th. Stockton: 28th. Fresno; 29th, Oak
land: 30th, San Francisco. December lj
he will visit Haywards and on the 2d hej
\u25a0will be with the camp in Santa Rosa. ,
He will then visit Los Angeles and re
turn to Denver, Colo., Just before Christ
mas.
State . Organizer Gllroy has returned j
from a visit to the southern part of the
State and then has visited thc|
camps located In Vaeavllle, Maryeville,
Yuba City and Reno. Nevada. At each
place he found the members enthusiastic
for the personal effort campaign. Dur
ing the past week he visited Healdeburg,
Napa, San Jose, Gilroy and Watsonvllle.
The etand of cotors to be presented to
the First Regiment of the Uniform Rank
in San Francisco ha % been received and
will in a short time be/ipresented to the
regiment by State ' Organizer Gllroy.
Past Counselor McCabe of Mission
Camp and the State organizer have taken
the preliminary steps looking to the for
mation of a past counselors' association.
During the past week Head Manager
Robinson visited the Woodmen of Hay
wards, Vacaville and Woodland.'
The visiting committee of which B. Y.
Morris its the chairman will pay a round
of visits to all the local camps for the
purpose of enthusing the membership in
the personal effort campaign now on.
Mrs. L L. Watson, quite prominent la
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
the Women of Woodcraft, has returned
to this city after an absence of many
months in the Hawaiian Islands.
Redwood Circle had a pleasant party
on the evening of October 10. It was
gentlemen's night.
Druidism.
In the recent past William G. Antono
vich, noble grand arch of ,the United
Ancient Order of Druids, paid a number
of visits to groves. He officially visited
the Druids in Salinas. Soledad. King
City. Cambria, Cayucos, San Luis Obispo,
Guadahipe, San Diego. Los Angeles, Mo-"
desto, Centerville and Pleasanton. At
each of these places he was warmly wel
comed and wherever he went he gave j
instruction In the work of the order, ex- |
plained points that were not clear to
the members, spoke at great length on
the subject of retaining the membership
and urged each grove to use Its best
efforts in the matter of preventing mem
bers from becoming suspended by reason
of neglect to pay dues. On a number of
these visits the groves manifested Inter
est in the order by initiating candidates.
At each place visited the grove gave evi
dence of its hospitality by making Noble
Grand Arch Antonovich a guest of hon
or at a banquet and had as. guests those
of other groves who accompanied him on
the visits.
At Modesto he was present at a joint
open meeting of the grove and circle of
that place. There were present many
members of both orders from near by
places. At that time the grand officers
of the women's branch of the order were
visiting the circle.
The gathering at Centerville was a most
pleasant one and there were present a
number of prominent members from
Livermore and Pleasanton. Among a
number of strangers who were Invited to
attend a Druidlc banquet was W. H. Don
chue a grand officer of the Foresters of
America; who delivered a most eloquent
address on Druiatem in the days of old
and spoke in commendation o£ the work
of the Druids of the present time.
The meeting in Los Angeles was a
notable one. The attendance was a
large one and the members were in
structed in the work by an exemplifi
cation thereof, under the direction of
Noble Grand Arch Antonovich. The
close of the session was followed by a
grand banquet.
The deputies for the local groves are
to be called together by Noble Grand
Arch Antonovich on Sunday, October
22 for the purpose of having a talk
with them in relation to the condition
of the order in this city and the best
methods to be followed in the carrying
out the promotion of the order.
McKinley Grove No. 1132. U. A. O. D.,
at the meeting on the first Thursday
In October elected the following named
as officers for the ensuing term:
Charles F. Wachter, noble- arch; P.
Cruciani. vice arch; P. A. O'Connor, re
cording, and H. Jensen, financial secre
tary F. Mansen, treasurer; G. C. Li
do w. inside guard; W. H. Bowe, trustee.
The election of conductor, outside
guard and physician was laid over for
a week. Immediately after the election
the grove adjourned to the Social Hall
of the Alcazar building to enjoy a ban
quet that had been prepared by Emlle
Lea. a member of the grove, who cer
tainly laid before the members and a
large number of strangers, one of
whom was the special guest of some
member of the grove, an excellent sup
per. The affair was admirably planned
by the general committee, composed of
O F. Llndow (chairman), Thomas Thorn
ton, C. F. Wachter, C. Lindow, G. Ha
germann, Forest Coburn, F. Mansen,
W. Klein. J. B. Vlgnau, E. Lea, Paul
Cruciani, W. A. Buck, John Petersen,
E. H. Wood and J. R. Elrad. Past Arch
Thornton was the toastma,ster, and a
very happy one he was. After the ex
celfent supper had been disposed of
there was a programme of music and
songs and responses to toasts by Past
Noble Arches Stock, Bowe, Petersen,
Dr. M. M. Martin, and A. F. Lindow as
the regular (speakers, and then short
talks by Recording Secretary O'Connor
and Treasurer Mansen.
The following named have been
elected officers of Hesperian Circle
of Druidesses for the current term:
I Hattie Beach, arch druidess; Alice
Goodall, first bard; Emma C. Weide
meyer, second bard; Mrs. D. Bamman,
treasurer; Mrs. Kerrigan, Inside guar
dian; Forest Coburn, conductor; Mrs.
Vietheer. conductress. This circle will
give a party on the night of Novem
ber 18.
Boadecia Circle has elected the fol
lowing named as Its officers for the en-
Buing term: Julia Fanning, arch dru
idess; Jane Hymes, first, and Millie
Read, second bard; M. Blackburn, con
ducter: Hilda Muhl, conductress; W, N.
Dingle, recording, and Mrs. E.~ J. N.
Steinweg. financial secretary; Bessie
Harris, treasurer; Lizzie Poysell, past
arch druidess, and Mary Ellas, inslda
guardian. The circle will have an open
meeting on the evening of October 21.
Grand Arch Druidess Cervalll paid
an official visit to Mistletoe Circle on
the night of the first Friday In October.
The official visit to Novato Circle, at
Nova to, has been postponed until No
vember 22. - *, ' '\u25a0'-.
Oakland Circle has secured head
quarters in Gier*B Hall, where It will
meet every Monday night. At the last
held meeting the circle had twelve can
didates for initiation. -
Elmhurst Circle has organized a' star
team and the circle is doing well, initi
ating strangers at almost each meeting.
Xl Dorado Circle gave a grand ball
in Golden Gate Hall on the evening of
October 5.
Native Sons.
Tamalpais Parlor has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a large class initia
tion on the night of November 13. The
grand officers have been invited to be
present on that occasion.
Grand Secretary Turner paid a' visit re
.cently to the parlor in Richmond, Contra
Coeta County. Upon that night there was
the initiation of eight strangers to the
order. Durlney-Itm *>v«>nin«r th«r« \u25a0\u25a0 nr«r»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER. 15, 1905.
E. C. STOCK
'I* ;—:; — : : "~ —
visitors from Contra Costa arid Alameda
counties, and they came in such numbers
that thi; meeting place was too' small,
and the Richmond boys were forced to
hold their session in the theater. A dele
gation of forty in' a bunch came from]
Berkeley Parlor. • »
P. Boulin cf Marshall Parlor is one of
the most active members Qf that sifbor
dinate. •
The joint 9th. of September cele
bration committee held its "wind-up"
meeting on the last Saturday in Sep
tember and settled all Its accounts;
6100 tickets were sold by the con:
mittco. and after paying: all expense
there remained enough on hand to pay
each of the thlily-four parlors partici
pating the sum of nearly $74. The. com
mittee In closing its affairs tendered a
vote of thanks to the officers of the
committee for the excellent work they
did and then gave a rising vote of
thanks to The Call, for its, notices of
the work of the committee.
Grand Organizer Mocker has arranged
for a class initiation for Tamalpais
Parlor of San Rafael on the, night, -of
November. 13 in the presence of a num
ber of the grand officers. ;
The grand organizer recently re
turned from a tour of Cauiveras an-l
Tuolunine counties. Ho reports that
Tuoiurane Parlor, of Sonora will have
a clai? initiation October 21.
Grand Organizer Mocker has arranged
a grand class Initiation for the parlor
In Ukiah, this to take place on the night
of October 15. i The parlor" Is divided
into two tea'ns and the .one that shall
on that evening produce the greatest
number of candidates will enjoy a ban
quet at th* expense of the losing one.
The grand organizer recently went into
the tules of Solano County to secure
candidate? for Initiation, into Solano
Parlor, at Sulsim.
Odd • Fellowship.
J. V. Nichols,' the well-known and
very popular secretary of : the San
Francisco Board of Relief, as a candi
date at the coming election for the
office of Tax Collector. ,
A new Rebekah lodge composed of
persons of Swedish birth or descendants
of Swedish parents will be Instituted
In this city on the evening of Oc
tober IS. j . \u25a0• : V:V,r^
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will have an
open meeting October 16, when an In
terestlng programme of" entertainment
will be presented. That will be,fol
lowed by dancing. On the night of
November 3 this lodge will a
masquerade ball In the .banquet hall
of the Fellows buildings Ten
prizes will be given on: that, night.
Mary E. Dorioho. secretary of the
California Assembly, :\ has been absent
on a ; vacation in Oregon, 'and during
her absence her position was filled by
Mrs. E.~) M. Cyrus ; of Loyal Lodge.
On the nJght of ;the-laBt' Friday, in
September Farns worth £ Lodge " had ; a
banquet, in a prominent ;.;roti3serle r in
celebration of the tenth anniversary of
the Institution of .the I lodge. After a
most delicious supper t W.. I. Brobeck
acted as toastmaster, and ; there "were;
many responses to sentiments. .; r j'-
Knigfhts of :, Pythias.
On the evening; of "October .13 Grand
Chancellor^' D. C: Clark of 'the , Knights
of . Pythias paid an !^ official I visit ; to' Paso
Robles '\u25a0'\u25a0- Lodge at : Paso : Robles," 'where • he
was greeted with -a \u25a0 true , Pythian wel
come. ~' To-morrow -night %he f will . visit
San • Diego } and ; be ;\ with i San V Diego- arid
Red ' Star lodges in Joint session ; ; October
17 he will visit Gauntleti'Samson.iMara
t*A»'••><*' .y-n- ;• A neeies u lodges >'- in f joint
MEMBERS OF FOUR'- OF THE
WELL-KNOWN FRATERNAL, AS
SOCIATIONS OF THIS CITY.
'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0" \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -' '" ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . . *"-'\u25a0 '.t
session In the city of Los Angeles ; 18th.
he will visit Pacific Lodge at Santa
Monica; ISth Redlands Lodge at Redlands.
and on the 20th, he will be; with ; Long
Beach Lodge at , Long Beach.
Ancient Order Workmen.
The. indications are that the- anni
versary cf the foundation -of the order
on October 30 at Nat{ve' Sons' Hall will
be ono of the grandest . that the \ order
has over had in this city. From re
ports received at the office of the or
der it appears that the local lodges are
taking a deep interest in the work that
ism hand and that each will: do its
share to make" the affair a great success.
Grand Recorder Spencer reports that
an; evidence of renewed interest in the
order Is being made manifest in th fact
that an unusual number of 1 the lodges,
are organizing degree teams,, and; the
indications are .now , that .'at .the next
session of the Grand. Lodge > a* Santa
Cruz \ next year not less • than- eight
lodges in ?an Francisco wil enter teams
for-the contest for trophies.; - . v \u25a0
Extension work in various parts, of
the jurisdiction is very satisfactory.
Special deputies report a great, deal of
enthusiasm , and that ; arrangements ; are
: being ..made for class Initiations.., .
-A movement, is beinjsiniade In the di
rection of securing- a building in this
city for an A. O. U. W. ; Home i ln; which
all of the locnl ; lodges, with possibly
two exceptions, will meet for the trans
action of business \ and <• for ; social\pur
poses. An option for ay twenty-year
lease has been secured and -if all the
k>dges will; join in -the owner ,of ; tho
land will erect' a modern lodge. build-
Ing and It will' be known as the : A _ p.
U." W. Halli - One of ; the lonal 1 lodges,
which has ; more -than $10,000; In its
treasury, will undertake to furnish the
building. \u25a0 - : ,-:'•;\u25a0• ' V'4|ggtQjf
\The; grand -.recorder J and > the deputy
grand -master" htve;. returned 1 , -.from
Meadevlller; Pa:, where ;, they ' attended * a
session '. of ;the - Supreme t Lodge ? finance
commltee and i discovered ( that by/reason
of the " fact X that ysomc/ of 1 the; grand
loflges having' up-ito-the 1 prcsent»jne
glected to < pay 'the ? grand \u25a0 lodgo 'guaran
tee; fund \ the revenue that was expected
has not:' yet been J realized.^ ;; California
Is anxious -toY meet: all*,ltH ; obliBrattonJ»
as soon'; as,' possible,' '* but'; by * reason *of
the>: unexpected "delay* It is;, unable.* to
do 1 : so." and In .view", of ; the' fact ; that\ the
matter'- of' = settlement*; with itho 'deling
quentjgrandlibqdles is in course 'of
judication -'and '5 that'iin ! course 5 off time
the amounfdue^the Jurisdiction of. 'Call-1
f ornla will be paid in full } it lis possible
that this jurisdiction will call upon the
entire membership for a loan, a popu
lar loan in small monthly advances to
be applied to the payment of outstand
ing claims, so that all obligations can
be met In a comparatively short space
of time. If this Idea is carried out the
amount advanced will be repaid to?the
lenders in the reduction of monthly
assessments and it is believed that the
loyalty of all the members will be such
that the order instead of being called
upon jto borrow money from money
lenders, for which it would have to
pay a high rate of. interest; can borrow
the amount required from the members
and in, that way place the order in a
much better condition than it has been
for many years. -The Idea will be
worked out by the advisory board and
in a short time will be presented to all
the members in the jurisdiction. The
money due by the supreme body which
would place the Jurisdiction "on vel
vet" is sure to come in and in a short
time all Indebtedness will be Uqul
dated.
Independent Foresters.
The San Francisco board of deputies
of the Independent Order, of Foresters as
now composed will go out of . existence
with the close of the High' Court session
to be held in Sacramento, commencing on
the 17th Inst. The board, appreciating
the valuable services of- High Chief
Ranger G. Q. Stewart rendered to it dur
ing the time it has been in existence, ex
pressed that appreciation by having a
very fine ; enlarged photograph of the high
chief J framed j and placed in a prominent
position on one of the walls of the order's
headquarters In, the new Flood building.
During the latter part of September the
board of I deputies paid visits : of- encour
agement \u25a0 to ; Court f. Seal Rock, Southern
Heights, Acacia, Companion Court Golden
Gate,, Court Diana and Companion Court
Diana. . '.The visitors at i each place ad
dressed the members and they were well
received. At Court Diana they witnessed
the Initiation .of several : strangers, ; and
at Companion Court Diana there was also
initiation and the serving of a collation
and; ice cream.
Court Precita has organized a social
club, for the purpose of assisting the
court in its social functions. At its first
meeting it enrolled High Chief Ranger
Stewart an- honorary, member.
During the session of the High ; Court
of the : Independent Order, of Foresters,;
which will open in Sacramento on ; Octo
ber; 17, _ the J headquarters of : the high
standing committee will be at the Golden
Eagle , Hotel. S: The sessions will be held
in , the Senate chamber of the Capitol
building.-' ; While the high body shall be
In Session it was to have been •, visited by
Supreme' Chief | Ranger Dr.' Oronhyatekha
of. Toronto,. Canada, but he was suddenly
called to Europe,, consequently cannot at
tend^ ""\ '.": \u25a0 - '-- :; '
•' During, the last week In September the
members V of \> Court •Golden ; Gate : ten
dered ;a : reception rin its J meeting ; hall
on Eddy street : to' Representative John P.
Murphy,* P\C/; R., /who recently, returned
from : the J session 7 of , the • Supreme ; Court
In the! East. "; He was given a hearty wel
come" and i in response to \ a short : address
gave fa i very interesting . account of I the
work' in the ; supreme- session, *and told
of f his f impressions i of ' people J he met "{ on
thVother side of the Sierras.; The formal
reception-, was, followed by a social hour
and the'eervlng of : refreshments.'; '
.An Invitation; has. been r extended to
High j Chief •\u25a0: '.) Ranger ' Stewart ;- to - at
tend; a grand : ball ; to t be : given ; on ; Friday,
October : 27,"|1n ; Brentwood < Masonic ; Hall,
by (; the'- i members> of \u25a0Companion Court
Carmen : McKinley.'. u -.* tJl.ft J1 .f .\u25a0 ' '-^
J.C. Bryder of Stockton and A. L. Dar-
row of Sacramento, high auditors, were
in this city last week to attend a session
of the board.
Companion Court Golden Gate cele
brated Its first anniversary of institution
by, a banquet in a downtown rotlsserle
on' the second Friday In October.
- The Oriental team of Court Golden
Gate has been invited to go to Sacra
mento during the High Court session, for
the purpose of conferring the Oriental
degree on a bunch of searchers for Orien
tal truths.
Lincoln Annuity Union.
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 of the
Lincoln Annuity Union had a very enjoy
able progressive whist party In its hall
in the Red Men's building on the last
Monday in September. There were play
ers at two dozen tables, and a great
deal of enthusiasm was manifested In
the game. A number -of prizes were
awarded to the winners.
Supreme President Ernest Duden who
had for some time past been In Astoria
and vicinity, where he worked in the in
terest of the extension of the order, re
turned to this city last week.
Royal Neighbors.
Enright Camp of the Royal Neighbors
of America has removed from Electrician
Hall to the Odd Fellows' building, where
Its session will be held on the first and
third Wednesdays of each month. The
camp is anxious to make a good record
and to that end the members are all do
ing what they can to make the camp a
place where all members can spend a
pleasant as well as Instructive evening
on the night of the regular session-
United Artisans.
The United Artisans of this city gave
an apple social and ball In the
Fraternal Hall of the Mission Opera
building on the evening of Monday.
OcUber 9. This organization has at its
head in the social , line .a number of
young people who are' up to date In
making such affairs pleasing ones, and
no one attends a function of this order
who is not willing to do so again. '"
Ancient Order Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Sanford of the
Ancient Order of Foresters Is arranging
a series of visitations to* the courts of
the order in the northern part of the
State.
Court Garden City now has a mem
bership of 357; Court Star of the West
stands next, with 321, and Court
Cameos at Honolulu, with 210, and next
to that is Court Advocate, with 201
members.
The courts in Alameda County re
cently had a class initiation, when sixty
strangers were made members of the
order. Of this number Court Berke
ley presented thirty-two candidates.
Court Cordelia and Ivy Circle had an
open joint meeting In Cordelia recently
and there was a large attendance of
the people of Cordelia and vicinity.
There was a good programme of enter
tainment and then a ball and a ban
quet. ; A. number of the high and grand
officers were present.
A number of the courts of the parent
order are organizing teams for the pur
pose of carrying out the new ritual,
which is/ becoming very popular.
Cameos Circle or Honolulu reports
that It has a membership of 134 In good
standing.
Unique Circle of this city at its last
meeting initiated five applicants for
membership and received several appli
cations. The drill team of this circle
Is perfecting itself in the floor work, so
as to be able to be the moat perfect
one in the Jurisdiction.
Oro Fino Circle at its last meeting
Initiated nine strangers.
Mrs. Mary Castlei supreme grand
chief companion, has for the past
three months been "on the road, mak
ing visits to circles hi various parts of
the jurisdiction, and it is the Judgment
of all that she is proving herself the
most energetic and popular companion
that the Supreme Grand Circle has ever
elected as head of the order.
Native Daughters.
El Camlno Parlor recently gave a wa
termelon parlor ,whlch was a delightful
affair that was attended bya large num
ber of people. This parlor is peculiar in
that the members are not required to
solicit .ellglbles, to Join it, but eliglbles
knock at the door and ask to be admitted
as members. The reason for this Is that
the membership is made up of true fra
ternalists ,who carry out to the fullest the
princlples'of the organization Miss Dolly
Weishauer of this parlor, who' ls the dis
trict deputy, grand president for the par
lors in San Mateo County," has inspired the
membership of : \u25a0 those "" parlors to work
along the • same lines as El Camino, and
she has ' succeeded .in bringing " about' a
better feeling.-'of ' true .fraternity than
can be found in any other county In the
State. • • \u25a0 . -
; Keith Parlor. N.D. G. W.. will have
a day 'and; night at; the Chutes in aid
of its fund for the care of Its .sick
members on the evening of October 30.
The members' of this parlor, whose
motto is, *:We lead, others follow," will
present on that evening, a programme
of entertainment - that will excel any
heretofore presented by a\ parlor of
Native Daughters at this 'place .of
amusement.' " .
':% --Bueria Vista Parlor, N. D. 0.-W.; will
hold an s open "j meeting on the night of
Thursday,^ October, 27, .when the mem
bers of Orinda Parlor will be the guests
of the 1 host -parlor. ' Arrangements are
being made for a very delightful even
**\u25a0 \u25a0••;••;\u25a0 ' :__ ". \ V
Order 1 Eastern Star.
c .The. grand chapter" of the Order of
"the i Eastern - (Star' will^ hold. Its . session
this year \ ln; the city rof Los Angeles,
commencing ; ori Tuesday,- the Ist inst.
The ; delegates who ;are to leave' for
there from this city will so by special
train. It is expected that the yaln will
carry about three hundred delegates.
Harmony Chapter had work in the
Initiatory decree last week.
Olive Branch Chapter initiated
ellgibles last week In the presence of
a large number of members of tha
order. ,
California and Imperial chapters also
had initiatory work in each chapter
hall at the. last held meeting- -
Between October S and the 12ta
Grand Matron Mrs. Dohrmann paid offi
cial visits to a chapter at the following
named places: Paso Robles. San Luis
Oblspo, Santa Maria, Arroyo Grande,
Ix>mpoc, Los Angeles. Hollywood, Mon
rovia and Fullerton. At the last named
place she paid her las!* official visit
of the term.
National Union.
On tie evening of October 12 Yosemita
Council after the routine of business had
a whist party for its members, and all
who were present had a delightful time.
On the night of October 18 California.
Council will be visited by the San Fran-*
Cisco Cabinet, and the serious part of
the business will be followed by an Inter
esting programme of entertainment under
the direction of E. C Ker. the speaker of
the council.
On the evening of October 13 Pacific
Council did not have *™ e * l ."> t .*l
In the line of business, but «"« »J c «J"»
lof .routine business kept all Its whist
players busy contesting for supremacy In
th On**hTnlght of October 19 Ban Fran
cisco Council will. If the schedule is car
ried out. have the initiation of strangers
and progressive whist- .
Union Council announces that It win
have a candidate for Initiation on the
'^otL? cKLdI will have degree
work on the night of October IT and .m
the same night valuable door prizes *i
be distributed. Visit this council and you
! may be the lucky one *o take home with
you a prize that Is worth having. The
prizes that this council gives are worth
at retail from $5 to $13.
El Capitan Council announces for Octo
ber 19. "business and Initiation." "Pop
Wilson, the general deputy, who Is a
member of this council, says that means
business." and the Indications are that
the meeting will be a pleasant <>»?• •
Mission Council on the second Friday In
October had work In the initiatory de-..
gree. conferring the same In the amplified
form in the presence of many members
an GoTd S en°Gate Council, having secured
new quarters in the Krellng build ns .
had a dedication on the second .Tues
day In the current month. There was.
the Initiation- of nine strangers and
the presentation of forty-two appli
cants. During the evening there were
addresses by Senator Cuthberth. Senator
Fields. President Burns of California
Council. General Deputy Wilson and
others. There was also musical enter
tainment and the serving of an excel
lent lunch. The council Is working
hard to pass California Council in mem
bership. There will be a grand house
warming in this council's chamber on
the night of October 17. There Is to be
a big programme and a door prize.
El Dorado Council has called its
members in council and offered them
special" lnducements to enable tbenv to
place El Dorado in the race for mem
bership and pass both California and
Golden Gate Councils. **>.'< &\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0 . -
• California Council, at Its last meet
ing, drew 1250 from Its reserve fund,
in favor of the extension and progress
committee to be used in carrying out
the Idea that California must not be
beaten in the contest for members. S.
Oppenhelmer. a member of this council,
\u25a0was recently -presented by General
Deputy James A. Wilson with a hand
some Wilson ring for having within
a stated period brought into the coun
cil the greatest number of applications
and had the applicants initiated. Th«
general deputy has offered a number .of
emblematic gold rings to energetic
workers, and from the number that
have expressed a desire to have one, of
the rings the general deputy expects,
that he will have to engage a factory
to manufacture such exclusively. .
El Capitan Council mourns the loss
by death of Its very faithful secretary.
E. B. McManus, who passed away a few
days since- Some time ago O. C. Kell.
a member of this council, died, the
proof of death waa sent on to the head
office In Toledo. O.'. and fourteen days
thereafter the secretary of the council
received a check for the amount due
the beneficiary.
The interest in the order at this time
wa3 manifested last week when at a
meeting of the extension of the order
committee held in headquarters nine
teen of the twenty-one members were
present, the two obsentees furnishing
constitutional excuses for their absence.
T£e contest for the flag offered by the
San Francisco Cabinet to the local coun
cil that shall do the best ritualistic
work will commence In Golden Gate
Council on October 24; California Coun
cil will follow on November 1. and
then will come Mission Council on
November 18. The judges selected are;
Friends Laurence, Vincent. H. B. Har
ris, C. H. Workman. R. W. Greer, W.
A. S. Nicholson, H. W. Maas. E. H.
Hills. Frank Bell and G. 8. Dodd. ,
A letter to a member of the order
In this city received a few day* since
from Leo Canman. president of Press
Council of Chicago and chairman of
the * Senate .committee on finance,
says: "I was pleased to discover at
the meeting of the executive council
or the senate last Sunday that Gen
eral Deputy Joseph A. Wilson of Cal
ifornia did by long odds the best
work of any of the deputies In tha
Held." "Pop" Wilson was pleased to
learn this, and he says It encourages
| him to do better than before.
Fraternal Eagles.
On the night of the*nrst Friday In Octo
ber San Francisco "Aerie of the Fraternal •
Order of Eagles initiated twenty-seven
applicants for • membership, hi the pres
ence of nearly .five hundred members of
the order. This places the aerie second
In the - list of membership. .On . the last
in the month .thirty-seven appli
cants, will be Initiated. The trustees re
ported that the aerie had on deposit in
the several savings banks in this city, the
sum of $36jE5 58. During the evening the
San Francisco boys entertained a number .
of visitors, including O. C. Hale, chief of
the Kansas City fire department, who is
an active member of Kansas Aerie^ This
visitor expressed " his pleasure at . no
ticing . the good-fellowship . . that . exists
In the aerie and stated that , the
reception , to him In .this city
by the. members .of the order sur
passed any before accorded him. He-was
particularly pleased with. .the.", attention
shown him by President Parry of a No.
5. Another of \u25a0 the speakers .was Charles
McCarthy of New York 'Aerie;' who Is on
his way home after . having: visited ; the
order^ In England,' Ireland. France, and
other foreign countries. He gave an In
teresting talk of the work of the order
in the places he visited. Still another^
speaker was • President M. Rosenbers: of %iT
Honolulu Aerie.
The fife and drum, corps of, No. "5 Is
actively at work for the success of its .
ball to be given In Lyric Hall on , the .
nisht of October 76' \WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
Merely Mr. Zangwill in the drama of
this week is not wholly inspiring con
sideration. The second of Mr. Zang
wiirs efforts to be seen here,
Mary Ann," is now on the local market.
The first. 'The Children of the Ghetto,"
was given here some few years ago —
chiefly memorable, one remembers, for
a superb picturing of the rabbi therein
by Wilton Lackaye. «: ,
"Merely Mery Ann" was one of the
successes of the season before last in
London. Thfs was followed by a palmy
career in New* York in all of ten
In neither place did the ram
~pajit puerilities of Mr. Zangwill's play
excite more than passing note. There,
es here, the charm of Eleanor Robson
carried the play, nor to forget the cap
ital contributions of Ada Dwyer and
the rest of the company. But minus
these how does the play sum up? In
the central character the dramatist
achieves a Quaint triumph. The figure
is new to the stage and charming as it
is new. But one figure does not make
a play. Mary Ann is Mr. Zangwill's
one full-length portrait. Lancelot is
tho coat and trousers only of an irre
sponsible genius — plucklly filled by
the way, by H. B. Warner. The char
acter of Peter has many possibilities,
almost completely discounted again by
the scatterful handling. And these are
the chief people of the play. After
Mary Ann the most realistic figure is
that of the landlady, touched in quite
shrewdly by the dramatist. The
daughter is another neat bit. But the
rest of the people are puppets. In im
agination one sees them like the fam
ily washing, dangling legs and arms
i' the sun in a sweet and separate in
rtependence.
For it is here that Mr. Zangwill most
shrewdly fails. Not welded together
by blest* or damnable chance, one char
acter helplessly reacting upon another,
as in true drama, do his puppets ap
pear. In fact their grouping not in
frequently suggests an Orpheum olio,
turn by turn. Nor in this only is the
Orpheum suggested. Vaudeville of the
Cear. deadest days contained no com-
If-ncr spectacle than that of the ab-
person besprinkling things
with a siphon, that Lancelot indulges.
la. This would not be so ill had not
I'eter, Just, before this, absent mindedly
tioused the carpet with hot tea, and.
three times over, ochone! that the joke
might sink in.
The music lesson scene is more vaude
ville. The way of the composer (6tage)
is hard, yet one would imagine Mr. Zang
will's inevitable acquaintance with the
breed would have taught him better here.
Mr. Warner as the composer frankly
plays the scene as vaudeville, gnashing
his teeth and massaging his locks in
true "variety" rage. There Isn't any
thing else to do. Nor is there anything
else to do in Lancelot's turns with Mary
» Ann's canary. '\u25a0 a hardworking bird that
begins' to sing whenever no one else is
"on." Mr. Zangwill gives him here var
ious apostrophes of the "so true!" sort,
and Mr. Warner brings distinct heroism
to their appropriately sentimental dcliv-
Vaudeville, symbolism, fantasy, farce,
and some moments of genuine and de
lightful comedy would seem to be the pre
scription for "Merely Mary Ann." There
Is quite a Maeterlinckian note — over
worked — In the maid-servant's handing the
pen to the composer. But as before said
it happens too often. So do most of
Mr. Zangwill's little themes. Nor is the
dialogue particularly luminous; yet Mr.
Zangwill can write a scintillant line like
the landlady's— as Lancelot "gives no
tice": "What! you want a clean towel—
a.nd leaving to-morrow!" But the charm
W his Mary Ann, as acted by Miss Rob
*«oa. and the heroic value of the rest of
the company may be imagined, when it
can be said that the play almost con
tinuously entertains. The little maid-ser
vant, from her soft "Zumxnerzet" burr,
to her gentle, tired slouch, is wholly cap
tivating. Humble without servility, stur
dily self-respecting, practical and still
with dreams, innately a lady, unworldly
honest and sweet, she is one of the most
attractive of recent stage folk and all
ways delicious in Miss Robson's exquisite
interpretation.
Miss Dwyer' s landlady is as good, with
her shabby gentility, her sordldness, her
kindness, her pretentiousness, her lovely
bourgeois piety all portrayed with sub
lime naturalness. So the cast, through
out. But Mr. Zangwill has not yet
threatened the fame of a Pinero, not by
what Mr. Britt calls "a Jugful."
• • •
Distinctly one for us Is New York's re
rent recognition of Margaret Anglin as a
second Clara Morris. We "told them so."
We told -them so long ago. Few who
w<-re there will forget that first "Ca
mille" matinee at the Columbia during
"BEUKEL.ET HILLS," A CANVAS U - ... „. IiiiCUER,;XOW ON EXHIBITION !AT! AT
119 GEAItV STREET. WITH ITS COMPANION PICTURE IT PLACES BREfJER
INDISPUTABLY AMONG THE BIGGEST MEN IN THE WEST.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
j one of Henry Miller's sumptuous seasons,
i when Miss Anglin so startlingiy discov
j ered her particular genius. New York
Jater saw that "Camille," with an almost
: identical cast. It is amusing hiow to re
: call what was said of it. The consensus
I of the critical opinion was that the play
I was eld-fashioned and that Miss Anglin
j looked odd in a black wig. '\u25a0 Perdie, we
could have told them that. too. But
; there was just the much more that they
j have now discovered (with naive pride)
| then a-smok'e under their critical nos-
I trlls.
However, it is in "Zira" that New York
• has discovered Margaret Anglin. With
j "Wra" Henry Miller opened on Septem
j bcr 22 a stock season at the Princess
j Theater, with a company that reminds irr
\u25a0 caliber of hiE famous companies here?
i The play will be remembered. It is the
I free adaptation of Wllkie Collins' " book
| "The New Magdalen," done by Henry
j Miller and J. Hartley Manners, that had
j its first production during Miss AngJin's
j lecent season at the Caliiornla. It will
j be remembered that Hester Trent (Zira)
1 takes the name of a woman that she sup
i poses to be dead, killed In the Boer war,
and makes her home in England • with
the people to whom the other woman was
going. The other woman recovers. She,
jat length reaches England. She finds
I Zira in possession— in possession of both
! position and money that should be hers.
| Love, also, has come. The two meet.
i Zira pleads that she may be permitted
!to go away undisgraced. ' The other
j woman refuses, hardly, bitterly. It is
| then that Miss Anglin's first big scene
'comes. Zira dares the woman to tell
j her story and succeeds in making good
I her word against the real niece of the
i house. Miss Anglin must have topped
' that scene for the New Yorkers as she
• topped it for us,' when, after' its almost
: unbearable strain, she plunged into the
| further heart-wrenching of tne confes-
I Eion. At least they say, practically what
j was said here, that that twenty minutes
\u25a0 makes the play great.
Henry \u2666 Miller made Miss Anglin's
; speech after it. The Dramatic *-.rror
j gives it that "he .hoped this meant not
! only an Indorsement of their sincere at
| tempt to form a stock company of actors,
[ not stars— which is a very different
I th«ng — but also that it was a proof of
> Miss Anglin's place as an artist after
I the biggest .power in the theatrical world
! — who has 'now outlived his usefulness —
had boasted openly that there was no
further use for Miss Anglin as an actress
in New York. I submit the question to
the public," Mr. Miller left it-
Prank Worthing, Fred Thome, George
! S. Tltheradge, Jameson Lee Finney, J. R.
j Crauford. Harrington Reynolds, Beverly
j SRgreaves and Mrs. Thomas Whiffen are
) of the company, and to these and Mr.
| Miller's consummate stage handling even
j lavish praise, has been given.
i One would like to hear of "The Eternal
i Feminine" in New York. It has not been
I done there yet. Certainly Robert M'isch's
j delicious comedy was of. the particular de
! lights of Miss Anglin's last season here.
J One wonders, too, what they might have
j to cay of Margaret Anglin in "Mariana."
j Some of us here liked neither the play
! nor Miss Anglin in it. • I liked both. But
i. Miss Anglin's Mariana weara a black
r wig!
Attractions "On" at
the Local Theaters
At the theaters Miss Eleanor Robson
In "Merely Mary Ann" at the Columbia
will continue to charm this week. Miss
Robson has been warmly welcomed here
and she and her excellent company have
won large favor for Mr. Zangwill's com
edy.
• •:";•-\u25a0 -'.•
! To-day is Barney Bernard's last at the
Majestic. He is appearing in "Humbug,"
Roland Reed's comedy, with considerable
success. To-morrow evening "Janice
Meredith," the pretty war play by Paul
Leicester Ford, will be presented by the
Bibhop players with Edythe Chapman
and James X-t ill in the leading roles.
• • •
Hoopskirts will be worn at the 1 Al
cazar this week in Winston Churchill's
play, "The Crisis." It is a war play and
a play of the South and will afford good
opportunities to the new leading people
at the Alcazar. The -cast includes
Charles Waldron, Lucia Moore- and
Leonora Klrwin.
• • • *
The Grand Opera-house offers the
perennially favorite play, "In Old Ken
tucky," this week, beginning with this
afternoon's matinee.
• • •
"Tracked Around the World" will
entertain the Central clientele this
TH£ SAN FRANCISCO; CALL; i, SUNDAY,,! OCTOBER I S^ 1905:;;
week lif the usual strenuous fashion of
the house. . •"
' May - Howard's . Burlesque \u25a0 Company,
announced as- great, \u25a0 will -begin -a
week's engagement "at the California
to-morrow evening. .
• • * :- ' -'
All roads lead to the Orpheum,' and
this week Marconi's wireless; teleg
raphy will reach there in the hands
of Captain Bloom, who will illustrate
tho marvelous force by a series of
highly interesting experiments; The
three Navarros, acrobats, '• are also
headlined and a particularly good bill
seems to be coming 1 . \u25a0.' - • .. ; :.-\u25a0•
A troupe of leopards, panthers and
jaguars, under /the charge of. Senor
Arnoldo, will be';" the chief attraction
at the Chutes this week. .
San Francisco gIRL
Will Sing Carmen
Quite alluring !s the air of mystery
that surrounds the' appearance of Alice
Colman, who ventures on. a Carmen at
the Tivoli next Wednesday, -evening.'
Miss Colman is a San Francisco girl,
suspected of extreme (operatic) youth,
a product of , Europe in h,er artistic
studies, and with some' European "ex
perience on the operatic. stage.. She
comes forward very ; modestly— &6 far
as one can follow. Calve, Collamarlni,
De Lussan in this famous ; role with
modesty — and hopes only - v for a ' fair
judgment on her performance. . Pos
sibly Miss Colman has 'begun at the
top of the hard {hings operatic that,
she misrn^ have attempted.' here. The
role of Carmen is easily .more; familiar
here than any other, and the partisans
of its exponents at least as „ strenuous
as those of Partridge and Schmitz.
But the more danger, the more glory,
and one cannot but hope that the
young San Franciscan shall* turn-; out
another Calve— or Collamarlni 'as you
will. The house to greet her will.be
a record to the 'local '.curiosity concern
ing Carmen. Miss, Colman is-. * the
daughter of Charles Colman, a well
known merchant -Uere, and San Fran
ciscan back to .. hlv grandfather, the
well-known Rabb. iolman. -. Success to
the plucky young person! ~_
The rest of the, week's bill is as-fol-.
lows: On Tuesday evening will be re
peated the Rossir . masterpiece "II Bar
biere. di Siviglia, ' with ? Gregorettl,
quite the best "barbiere" ever heard or
seen here; and Tetrazzinl, a delicious
minx as Rosina. On .Thursday evening
"Sonnambula" will be .repeated, and
Friday evening .will be given over to
"Otello," the rest of the programme to
be determined later.
• • .;• -V '.- t' A - \u25a0\u25a0
To-morrow evening . comes Harold
Bauer, chief of the kingdom of pianists.
Since Bauer's advent" here last year. <we
have had. most of the biggest- planlstic
lights— Paderewskl, De . Pachmann, D' Al- "
bert and xioffmann. Each gave , mag
nificently of his particular genius, but
Bauer has more, to give than any one of
them. In nobility of . style, • authority,
classic largeness- of grasp, tonal beauty
and variety, and a certain majestic van
ity, Mr. • Bauer is unapproached. Hia
Schumann playing is a gift of the gods,
proportioned like a Phidias. Jupiter. But
Mr. Bauer is as catholic in his apprecia
tions as Kreisler. Beethoven- gives him
his most secret heart; • Bach— who does
not remember the majesty of. his Bach
readings?— and Mr. - Bauer- is at home
with his Brahms as De Pachmann is with
Chopin. Following' are. the programmes,
the recitals three, to be given on Monday
and Thursday evenings and qn- Saturday
afternoon. ' •' - \u25a0 \u25a0
The opening programme /Includes .the
Bach Chromatic Fantasia,- Beethoven's
Sonata Op. 53, the Davldsbundler Dances
of Schumann, Chopin's a minor; Scherzo,
the Hungarian March by Schubert-Liszt
and the rarely played Etude, "The Wind,"
by Alkan. ' . .. - ' \u25a0-\u25a0 W
At the second concert the special / fea-*
ture will be a, suite by Handel,, Schu
mann's Faschingscjpwrank and, for \ the
first time in this city, the Prelude, Choral
and Fugue, by Caesar Franck. a The rest
of the programme is made up of works of
Arensky, Balakiereff, Poldlni and Liszt.
At the Saturday matinee Beethoven's
| Sonata in D minor, the Rhapsodic in , B
\u25a0minor and Intermezzo in A, by Brahms.
Weber's Rondo Brillante and groups of
Schumann and Chopin works form a par
ticularly interesting programme."
Concerts of the highest type are those
promised for next week by Mme. Emma
Eames and the / notable company she
brings with her. "Quite like the excellent
company that Melba brought last season
—and more so— is the distinguished little
band of artists with whicn Eames has
surrounded herself. No need to recall the
diva herself to the local memory. ' Once
only she has been heard here, during the
first Grau- opera season. Particularly Is
her countess In "The Marriage of Fi
garo" remembered," her lovely Elsa.; and
the Aida that was |as notably lovely to
look upon as it was lovely to hear. She
will sing Mozart, Schubert, Brahms, Hen
schel, Puccini (La To'sea). Massenet,
Bach, Faure and Thomas . numbers, the
programmes throughout, of , most distin
guished sort. Of these the duets /that
will be sung by Mme. Eames with Sig
nor Emlllo Gogorza,,; baritone, will be a
feature of exceptional interest. • \ They
will be the grand duet from | ''Hamlet"
(Ambrolse Thomas), and Faure's "Cruel-
THE ART DEALER BECOMES AN ART TEACHER
The art education of the people of San
Francisco during the last two . or three
years is phenomenal. Art is in the air,
and the sensitized: mind cannot escape
it, any more than the photographic plate
can resist the action "of light. 1
And now, at the passing of the \u25a0 golden
summer— the work-time of ,the painters—
the > city Is fairly ; a-teem with^ art, and
art that will bring joy. to your hearts and
warmth to your souls.
', And' not. only are our local • men and
woraen'giving us the best that is in them,
but ', the local dealers 'are - showing some
really -great \ things from "; the art • centers
of the Old; World, r/: •
In the absence ' -of a- national gallery,
this presentation by 'th«"_dealers of can
vases by acknowledgerl masters is i \u25a0; of in
finite i value ' to the art the people
—whether the 'dealers be, or be not,' con
trolled by esthetic) motives. And, indeed,
it stands them 'well r in ' hand to do • their
part in teaching'the people— the masses-
fix." Signor Gogorza Is. a : famous bari
tone and there is also Joseph Hollman, . a
cellist celebrity— the splendid Boellman
'.'Variations Symphoniques" will be among
his numbers, also the .Handel G minor. So
nata. Mr. "Amhersf Webber seems to be
a pianist 1 , as *.well. as accompanist. Fol
lowing are the fine programmes, the dates
Oct." 26 and^ Oct. .28, ; the place the Al
hambra Theater: . v .
Sonate in G.v for .cello and \u25a0 piano . (Kravo, * .
allegTO," largo,-'' allegro)..'. '. . . . .Handel
Joseph Hollman \u25a0 and ; Amherst ."Webtxer. .
Prologue from.' "I'-PagUaccl" . . : . ..Leoncavallo
EnrfHo'de Gocorza, ••' . : ,
Variations • "Symphoniques" ; ....'... .Boellman
:" « Joseph Hollman. \u25a0'\u25a0/ . \
Recitative and arlafrom, "Coal Fan.Tuttl", \
• . ... V. . ' Mozart
• ,'Mme.,Emma'Eames.-,,.
'Xlebeatod" : ("Tristan and (1501 de"). .'....'.
......... ..... '..'.*...• ....... .\u25a0.Wagner-Liszt
_ Amherst '..Webber., 1 . """ "•:;•'.\u25a0
(a) "Par le Sentier" ....:.:...'.... Dubols
(b)."La Partida"- ..................... .Alvarez
(c) 'Embarquez-vous' '.."..*..:..'.... '. . . Oodard
Emilto de Gc»orza. ;
(a) "AVho Is- Sylvia ?".:.:.. ;.......;;. Schubert
(b) "Am Sonntag-Morgen'V .'...'. Brahms
(c) "Spring" ' S . ... . .'.„. .'. . .'. .'.:'. ;. . . : . .Henschel
..\u25a0- <\u25a0;., . Mme. ' Emma . Eames. • • ". . \u25a0 \.
(a) "Andante"' ... ..'..::. .........".. ..Hollman'
(b)'"Arlequln" - ... ..;v. .............. .v. \u25a0. Popper
(c) "Le Rouet" ("Spinning Wheel"). ..Hollman
:-, \u25a0:•-"'• ", " . . Joseph • Hollman. . - ;\u25a0 ' .-•'.-
Grand duet, from "Hamlet' ' .". Ambroise . Thomas
\u25a0 Mme. ; Emma' Eames and Mr.de Gogorza: r .';
Sonate In B flat. Andante and. Finale .. (Men
delßsohn), 'Mrs.' "Joseph • Hollman and Amhertt
Webber;'. arioso/ "Roi ; de Lahore".' (Maasanet),
Emilio de Gogorza: >.(&)< Aria (Bach),/(b) »la
zurk-i (Hollman). ; Joseph : Hollman; (a) "Non
la Soaplr," '(b) "Vlssl d'Arto," excerpts from
"La Tosca" '•(Puccini)," 'Mme..* Emma Eames;
(a) I VDes Abende"^" (b) . .••Grillen.V , (c) "W'a
runi," (d) V "Aufschwung" (Schumann), } - Am
herst Webber; (a) v.'Sing Mci a ': Song of a Lad
That Is Gone" (Homer), (D) "Absent" (Tlrln
delll), (c)" When Thou Art Near Me", (Lohr),*
Emlllo . de \u25a0> Gogorza ; eongs • with ! cello I obligato : I
(a) "Elegie" (Masaanet), «(b) "Meln Glaubig^s
Herz". (Pach). Mme. Emma Eames, . cello i obll- s
gato by Joseph Hollman; (a) Nocturne,' (b) Pa
plllon (Popper), ' Joseph Hollman; 'duet, "Cruci-
to love art and to need: art in their en
vironment. . While ; f ullfllling. a , high • pur
pose, the dealers are atT the ; same ' time
creating trade— which, of course, Is their
primary desire..^ : . '. " * .•' V \u25a0;
One- of i the best things now' offered . us
by :\u25a0\u25a0 the traders in; art" Is a Rosa Bon
heur; in' the ,new \u2666 Morris . gallery -on Sut-;
ter street,-. near^ Grant' avenue." \u25a0...•',•
,:\u25a0 Like most \u25a0 Bonheurs,-;; it; shows •us our,
first - T cousin— the horse. Unlike many
Bonheurs/f It' discloses v a 'beautiful t, bit
of landscape— an f azure ; sky.l with > a '% fleck
of a ; cloud,' 5 a' group \u25a0- of cedars, ; a'i meadow
and- a: rustic fence. -They Jform': the en
closure-of/a* superb : steed,' calm-;
ly : poised ,', serene ! with the. hereditary /con
scioushess of : worthy soft-eyed ; and ; gentle
asthe kihe" that -brows&Jn: the*; meadow. -\u25a0
* See' this ipicture^-ye '.who love ;the beau
tiful—before it 1 - is 'snapped : upl~by some
lucky fellow with ? the 'price.- - V .>.
\u25a0'.'\u25a0 And" while in tlie jmootVf let me/com-l
mend you -to another] French -canvas-^
a = Japy, ; to; teseen, at; Gump's. ; -. -v • :;'
riThe \u25a0< iast \u25a0- of the Barbazoris, 'y Japy,
('.'Papa Japy".; in' Paris) v is i painting,. the
loveliest * things;- of ? his long* career. -£ In-:
fluenced \ "" by, ,-; close '•\u25a0\u25a0; and as-
YOUNO ACTRESS, WHO RECENTLY 1
. WON '•-] INTERNATIONAL FAMEv
- NOW, APPEARING HERE. . I
' ' - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - - _t_
fix" -(Faure). Mme. Emma Eames and Mr. do
Gogorza. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.. ::
Notes of Stageland
and the Actor Folk
; The seventh annual benefit in aid of the
charity fund \of the Associated Theatrical
Managers of, San Francisco for the sick
and: needy in the .profession will take
place at the Orpheum Thursday afternoon,
October 26^ The.leading. theaters in the
city I: will rbe \ represented on the bllL
Tickets are on sale at all the playhouses.
- Jefferson .;.de Angelis, the comedian,
tabulates \u25a0 his • opinion •of audiences in the
various big "cities in the country as fol
lows:" -
New Y0rk. 7.... ......Wise
Chicago. .......'. Hearty
Philadelphia 1.....:... Staid.
soclation . with Corot :, and the rest of
the ; romantic Barbazons, his . paintings
breathe ; the same-ex quisite feeling and
delicacy of color that characterized his
brethren; /There v are ; two Japys in' the
Gump' gallery. '£:*: There \ would ; have
been three^-but the Luxembourg epoke
flrst:-.. ' : ' ;;.";-;.\u25a0 •- '-' : ': : '~\ \^~ ' :: :
Before these go into some
•gallery.'ilet ; mer urge' you to see '.it—
particularly s you; ' \u25a0my - ; artist \u25a0' friends,"
who; tearfully lament \u25a0 your inability
to "see" the |work : of I the , ; big j men " of f Eu
rope.-Here are a few cbrought- to you.l -
Some time ago it was my happy priv-.
ilege to .tell the.taleof an artist who,
unabielto ; please a" client \ with I . a : picture
of -his own;' betook 1 him ,to", to" the "studios
of ' some' s fellbwi artists."; explained? their
'worthy qualities T and made sales. J Now,"
what i would lyou"; expect ,in the way; of
V<vbrk '; f tern » a " fellow -; Dig enough .; for
that?j : :. "'.,-.'"\u25a0 '•\u25a0'.::\u25a0.' . "-:--"- ' '\u25a0?-':
\u25a0 You've /just; struck it— big, . broad,,
'masterful i;work.y- And that ; Is ; exactly,
:what>Breu*er^-H: JJ. I ] Breuer,; to be-'pre-J
clse^-hasSpresentedrrin'.theitwo; large'
canvases \ he \ 3» , showing : at \u25a0 Schussler's i
Boston : ..Conservative -but loyal.
Washington .V. ... ......... .... . .Intellectual.
Baltimore ...\u25a0........'............'...He5itant.
Pittsburg ....'..;...... F0nd" of tne obvious.
Milwaukee .'. .' . .". .;......'...:... .Phlegmatic
C1eve1and ;,.'.................... ...... /...C01d.
New 0r1ean5 :....... Spontaneous.
Houston ?.'. ..'. ...... .". . . . ..... ..Enthu5ia5tic.
Cincinnati . . .i .'. . . ... ..;.:.. -"Slow but sure.
Sari Francisco . . . . . -V; ."..... .". .Independent.
Kansas -' City - *. . : . . .: . . .'. VProni Missouri."
\u25a0 .:- -,\ \u25a0 \u25a0 ". :" \u25a0• ' \u25a0••• \u25a0*-••. - \u25a0 *-. -
, How. 'Alfred , Reisenauer, ; who is shortly
to J pay ; his "\u25a0 second • visit 'to. 'America, won
the enmity of. the.Grand.Duke of -Weimar
is .an"- experience r which ; the i famous
pianist \is\.fond . of relating. • "At one of
the ': Liszt , soirees,"" explains ?Raisenauer,
"the,' Grand 'Duke heard., me play the
beautiful 'Liebestod* ; from - "Pristen and
Isolde.' ' His - Grace : ; did;, not . know the
'Liebestod 1 from' a Strauss waltz, but he
judged, I 1I 1 had -played 1 well "because I was
applauded. * " ; " "
- ";"Th'at is a - fine number," said he, 'what
do '.'.you 'call it?' •
"I-told him. At, that moment I noticed
Wagner behind \u25a0so -I- stepped aside
and | said, v 'And - this, your ' Grace, is
Richard- Wagner.: \u25a0 - • • - -
•* 'Ah,' replied the j ruler of Welmer, 'I
am glad . to : meet r your 'friend Wagner.
Is, he musical,' too Y~ '"\u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 '. \ -
" 'Yes,' ; l replied, ''he > whistles at Grand
Dukes,', and- we left the room to the .ut
ter; discomfiture of , his Grace. -Needless
to state, neither Wagner nor I 'were ever
ever invited .to ! the grand ducal . palace
Alice* Nielsen's American tour Is to be
gin November -I,' in Washington, D. C,
with a' repertoire ; that \u25a0 will . include "Don
Pasquale." -"" "The - Barber, of -Seville,"
"L'Elisir d'Amore" and acts from "Car
men," * "Faust," "Lucia," "Martha" and
this week. ' I^^p^^^p9p»'
One-— amostdaringthing in point of
conception Jarid'. color — : 13~ an autumn
sunset,". with' a' deep-toned forest in the
foreground :tinged with liquid 'gold : as
it fell 7 from; above. Such a glorious sky
of | flame' set ; against the blue I—^and juat
such^'a -sky^as .we have reveled in every
twilight for3a : month. \\ .*;
•At^flrsttsight*-" one .gasps and ques
tions'vth*etruth:*of "_the BreuerT sky. True
or not \true,* it \is~a • marvelous mass of
color,' '\u25a0; masterfully, \ handled. '*"\u25a0\u25a0* But look
again at \u25a0 his-, sky i and'.corijure-'up the
sunsets- of jf September,': and; if i you • have
the fcolor '"sense * you vwill say . that = Breuer
ha 3 • given "us -a"-: portrait- of : that, sky—
a j likeness.* \; Exquisitely %i ' : soft is the
foreground' and; full of ; the .witchery of
the hour;; : In* truth - : Is . this
.the' most daring and~th"e;most ambitious
thin g\ that 'has; come 'under -;my ; notice
•frdm'.theT'' Breuer, 'brush.
V The ' - companion^; picture, - "Berkeley^
Hills,"^, a \u25a0"reproduction /of iWhichj is*
given r is-, a .'worthy 'canvas
from J allHhe~ viewpoints of ."technique-i
aridi'; it? hold •* a * vitality \ and " breadth of
treatment' ihat rise far f above • the mere
"La Sonnambula." In the larger cities
Miss K.eisen will also sing in "I Pag
liaccl' * and "Cavallerla Rustlcana." Mis*
Nielsen will be accompanied by a smalt *"
organization of distinguished European
artists and by an orchestra of forty
pieces."
• • •
v"I went into an asylum for tho I»s«aS.
last summer," said Harry Bulgef <it
Woodland company, "and as an evidence
of the remarkable hold the automobile
has on the public the powers that be tn
the asylum had a particular portion of
the building which they called the 'auto
ward.' My gracious guide told me that
there were sixty devotees of the motor
game in the place, but when I came to
examine it there were only two of the
beds occupied.
"Where are the other fifty-eight en
thusiasts ?" v I naturally queried.
i "Oh. they are under the beds." ho re
plied with a grin, .'firing their ma
chines."
• • •
E. H. Sot hern and Julia Marlowe will
play their New York engagement at • the
Knickerbocker Theater this month.
Their repertoire for this season will com
prise "The Merchant of Venice." "The
Taming- of the Shrew" and "Twelfth
Night." .
EARL OF TAMvEKVILLE
OX STOOL OP PEXITEXCB
British Nobleman Who Fell From Grace
.Makes Ills, Heap pea ranee as a
RWlvnltst.
LONDON, October 14— There is great re
joicing-in evangelical circles over the Earl
of Tankerville's reappearance as a revi
valist. At the beginning of the- year the
pious associates of his earlier outpour
ings of religious zeal were greatly ahock
ed^ by his impenitent acknowledgment
that he had told Dr. Lunn he could "go
and be d— d." What made it the mora
reprehensible was the fact that Dr. Lunn
had himself been a prominent missionary
exhorter before he found a more profita
ble field for the exercise of his persua
sive talents, In the establishment of a
tourist agency. It was that latter enter
prise which led to a split between him.
and the Earl. Dr. Lunn conceived me
brilliant idea of chartering a liner for a
cruise in the Mediterranean under the
auspices of a band of peers, and at rates
commensurate, with the exalted rjciety
that would be enjoyed by purchasers of
tickets.' Lord Tankerville accepted the
chairmanship of the tour and rive state
rooms for himself and wife. A newspa
per, greatly lacking in respect for coro
nets, disclosed the scheme, and made
some caustic comments on "titled touts."
Thereupon Lord Tankerville declared
that the use of his name had been
unauthorized. Dr. Lunn sought a. retrac
tion and got the big "D."
Since then the noble Earl has been re
garded as | a backslider by. many Non
conformists. His return to the revivalist
fieM Is accepted as proof of his repent
ance and restoration to grace. It la sus
pected that his American wife— formerly
Miss VanMarter of Tacoma— had no lit
tle to. do with bringing about this happy
result. She is participating in the open
air mission which he/is conducting in
Shropshire and delivers addresses at
them. Lord Tankerville was at one time
associated with Moody. It is said that
he sings hymps almost as effectively as
did Sankey. I
BRITISH OFFICERS LOSE
MANY RICH PERQUISITES
Naval Reform* Do Away With Free
Furniture for Men Who Com- -
maad King Edward's Shins.
LONDON. Oct. 14. — There is & good
deal of heartburning among naval offi
cers, owing to one reform which, the
admiralty has Just announced and
which it is meant to carry but at once.
This has reference to the extraordinary
system under which officers of the fleet
from time immemorial have been sup
plied with furniture.
When a war ship goes into commis
sion she Is fitted by the dockyard au
thorities with all the necessary f urnl- .
ture. both in her Jiving and sleeping
Quarters, as well as with mess plate.
At I the expiration of tho commission
the Government plate is sold by auction
and the proceeds divided among the
members of the mess using it. In othejr
worda, the present of a substantial sum '
is made to the officer*.
The t urnituro is removed and sawed
up in the dockyard after the ship has
been paid off. When the ship Is recom
mlssloned new plato and furniture hare
to be provided. It Is estimated that an
economy of many thousands of pounds
can bo effected by this extravagant sys
tem being abolished.
Tolstoi's New Book Ready.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 14. — Tolstoi's
new book, which was to have been pub
lished serially in the Russkaia Mysl,
having been forbidden by
the censor, will, it is stated, shortly
be publisned in English under tho title
of "The Great Transgression." In this
work the famous author endeavors to
show that tho Russian people will not
be able to obtain any serious political
reforms so long as . they do not rid
themselves of their principal \u25a0 fault,
which is in not claiming the Indubitable
and natural right they possess of own-
Ing and cultivating a part of the soil
on which they were born. Tolstoi de
mands for * tho peasants a new and
more equitable "division of land.
Laura Bride Powers
"mechanisms of art. In these two can
vasses has Mr. Breuer taken his place
among: the flrs't men of the grow
ing-West — and success to him!
,-. >,>\u25a0 '..<-'. .'\u25a0• • ' •
, Arthur Delmne, who has produced
some excellent Illustrated work of late,
is doing some worth- wane work tn in
terior decoration, as is young. Plazzorii,
both of whom are painting in the same
studio.
-• • •
Giuseppl Cadenasso. brimmina; over
with the enthusiasm of work, la pre
paring for an exhibition at Elder's, to
open on the 23d. and it promises to re
veal a spiritual and — incidentally— a
technical growth.
Here's a. chap, that.- following the lead
of the star.: of ' ambition.;; has
through the chill, gray days of immaturi
ty '- and -'discouragement to find hlznsc**
to-day out of the shadow and into t^/.
warmth of success. But it came through
the purification of work, which means: an
uplift of the soul and a spiritual insist*.
into the heart of nature.— which must
come to every painter who would Inter
pret her moods with his bruab.
1920
COLLEGE INFLUENCES UPON SOCIETY
Never as now has society found it
fcelf so wearied, so impatient with Its
own lack of resource and spontaneity.
Never as now has the strain after
the unusual been so relentless.
Never as now have so many eligible
girls and men deliberately cut the
dances and ihe dull dinners that hang
heavy over each social season. These
are the awards of the .debutantes and j
are beloved by them alone. To most of \
the bachelor girls and men these "gay
ctles" have become ineffable bores and
it is from other sources that they
must seek their pleasures.
Fortunately for iSan Francisco so
ciety is beginning to draw heavily
upon the universities for rejuvenation.
It is bringing thought into the draw
ing-room and threatens to revive con
versation. I
Cards are declining in sets where
college girl predominates, and livelier,
saner things are done to amuse, even
to substituting conversation for chat
ter.
In Eastern university towns — as in
near-by towns — the social life is
etrongly colored with the life upon the
campus. The influence of college Is
felt in the type of amusements, and a
large part of the social life centers
around the social affairs of college.
Now that a large part of our smart
society are alumni from the universi
ties the leaven of their presence is felt.
More interest Is taken to-day In the
activities of college life than ever
before, and* a hope for the resuscitation
of local society lies therein.
As it finds Itself this year it is
a-weary from inanition. It needs food
as well as fun, and the right kind of
both.
And the influence of the colleges
promise to do it. And may the good
time hasten.
•• • •
SUNDAY.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, hostess at a
large reception in honor of the dele
gates to the convention of United
Daughters of the Confederacy."
Captain and Mrs. Charles Plummer
Perkins entertained at a luncheon on
board the Pensacola in honor of Cap
tain Behnke and Lieutenant Schroeder
of the German cruiser Falke.
Mrs. W. S. Morris, hostess at a dinner
in honor of Mrs. James Edward Can
trell of Kentucky, the guests including
Mrs. Lizzie George Henderson of Mis
sissippi, Dr. and Mrs. Raymond Buss.
Mrs. Belle Hutchinson, Miss Elizabeth
Morris and Miss Isabelle Morris.
MONDAY. >
Mrs. Charles A. Krauthoff, at home
in her apartments a.t the Colonial.
Wedding of Miss Frances Glass and
Dr. R. F. Beamer in St. Paul's Church.
Mr. and. Mrs. John A. Murtagh enter
tained informally at their quarters at
Fort Mason in honor of the fifth anni
versary of their wedding.
Mrs. Hubert Howe Bancroft, hostess
at a tea at St. Dunstan's In honor of
Mrs. Philip Bancroft. 0
Mrs. Hubert Howe Bancroft, hostess
at a dinner at St, Dunstan's in honor
of Mr. and Mrs. Philip Bancroft, enter
taining Mrs. and Mrs. Philip Bancroft.
Mr. . and Mrs. Paul Bancroft, Mr. and
Mrs. Eugene Elbert Hewlett, Miss
Helen Davis, Mies Elizabeth Mills, Miss
Virginia Gibbs, Miss Wellman of Fruit
vale, Charles Morris, Mr. Carson, Dr.
Samuel Hardy, Dr. Hewlett and Profes
sor Kroeber.
Weddfng of Miss Myra Burnett and
Joseph Bennett at the home of the
bride's parents, Judge and Mrs. John
Burnett, on Larkln street-
Mrs. John McGaw, hostess at an in
formal reception at her home on Green
street in honor of Alabama delegates
to the U. D. C. \u25a0
"Commander and Mrs, William Wind
er entertained at a lucheon on board
the U. S. S. Lawton, the guests includ
ing Rear Admiral and Mrs. Bowman If.
McCalla, Captain and Mrs. Charles
Plummer Perkins and Lieutenant and
Mrs. Samuel Lindsay Graham.
Tbe Misses Schroth, hostesses at a
luncheon at their home on Greeen
street.
TUESDAY.
Mrs. Stafford Parker, hostess at a
luncheon and bridge at her home on
Sacramento street.
Miss Arline Johnston, hostess at a
tea at the Claremont Country Club in
honor of Miss Edith Downing.
Mr. and Mrs. Roland Oliver enter
tained at a dinner at their home In
Oakland in honor of Miss Florence
White and Wilford Faitoute of New
York. Guests, Miss Caroline Oliver,
Miss Anita Oliver, Miss Marian Good
fellow, Richard Hazeltine, Stanley
Moore. Charles D. Bates Jr., and .Mr.
anO^Mrs. Oliver.
Mrs. Frank P. Deering. hostess at
bridge.
WEDNESDAY.
Mrs. Grayson Dutton, hostess at
bridge in her apartments at St. Dun
is tan's.
! Wedding of Miss Doris Batchelder
\u25a0 and De Lancy Lewis at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. George
Batchelder, at San Mateo. *
Piano Club of Berkeley at home in
honor of Professor and' Mrs. Wolle. .
Miss May Coogan, hostess at cards at
her home In Oakland in honor of Mrs.
Traylor Bell,. Mrs. Murray Orrlck and
Miss Jean Downey. Receiving party.
Miss Ethel Crellln, Miss Bessie Reed.
Miss Marie Plaw. Mrs. Bernard Miller,
Misses Downey. Miss Ethel Sims. Mrs.
George Davis. Miss Emily Chlckering,
Miss Elsie Everson. Mrs. George Ham
mer, Miss Marion Walsh, Miss Marlon
Goodfellow, Miss Letitia Barry.; Miss
Lou Entz. Miss Claire Chabot and Mrs.
J. J. Valentine.
Mrs. Edwin F. Barbour, hostess at a
luncheon at her home In Oakland In
honor of Mrs. Warren H. Mcßryde of
Berkeley.
Miss May Foulkes, hostess at a tea
in honor of Mrs. Hall D. Robinson of
Tennessee.
Miss Edith Pillsbury, hostess at a
luncheon In the Palace Hotel in honor
of Mlss Mary Kohl.
Wedding of Richard D. Davis and
Miss Adeline Robinson at bride's home
in Chicago. ,
Mrs. Frederick Arthur Houseworth,
hostess at nve hundred. Receiving
were Mrs. Thomas J. Kirk, Mrs.
Charles A. Gibson and Miss Imogen
Kirk.
Mrs. M-H.de Young, hostess at an
informal luncheon in the Palm, Garden
of Miss Ethel Hager. the honor guest.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Pickering
entertained at their homo on Broad
way in honor of Archbishop Montgom
ery and Bishop W. H. OConnell of
Portland, Maine.
THURSDAY.
Mrs. James C. Crawford at home.
Miss Alma Thane, hostess at a tea
in honor of Miss Evelyn Clifford.
Mrs. Oscar Fitzalen Long, hostess at
a musical at the Fabiola Nurses' Home,
Oakland. £*<•' V«N
SATURDAY.
Mrs. Howard Morrow, hostess at a
luncheon In honor of Miss ; Beatrice
Splivalo.
Miss Gladys Meek, hostess at a lunch
eon at the Claremont Country Club in
honor of . Miss Peggy Stow of Santa
Barbara.
Misa Marion Goodfellow,' hostess at
a dinner at the Claremont Country Club
in honor of Miss Florence White and
Wilford Faitout* of New York.
Mrs. A. B. McCloskey, hostess at a
musicale at her studio on College
Heights. .
Miss Minnie Taylor, hostess at a
studio tea at her Mudio at 231 Post
street '-ir\ : *'\u25a0:'\u25a0\u25a0' '"\u25a0 ;:\u25a0 'Wl>--i
* • \u2666'
Poor Natalie Collins, who came to
San Francisco such a bonny bride* a
couple of years ago, has wandered back
to America to rid herself of the Eng
lishman, whom she supposed' to be a
wealthy and honorable English oOlcer.
While sympathizing with her in her
sorrow — there are those who say that
i Captain Collins had a grievance, too— '
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ GALL, SUNDAY- OCTOBER 15/ -1905.
SALLY SHARP
TWO CHARMING WOMEN, WHO HEI-.PED TO MAKE SUCCESSFUL. THE RECEP
TION AT THE CALIFORNIA CLUB^S OPENING. AND A "SUNSHINE" GIRL,
WHO IS AN.KARNEST WORKER IN THE FIELD OF PHILANTHROPY.
that he. too, was fooled In the mat
ter of her wealth. , -
While affairs of this kind are deplor
able, they should bear a message— -that
financial deception is unprpfltable and
horribly Impractical in matrimony.
The truth will out. sooner or later, and
it makes things unpleasant.
.... .\u25a0-«'-•.•
Miss Hilda Pilser; a charming young
English girl, has come all the way from
her home across the water to attend
the wedding of her friend. Miss Helen
Brune, who on the 23d, will be wed to
Dr. Flllmore White.
Miss Alice Hueter. a stepsister of Miss
Brune and likewise a schoolmate of
Miss Pilser. went on to New York to
meet the little* traveler.
A merry trio is this group of school
mates, who have this, week left the
Hueter home In Mill Valley for their
town "house, whero the wedding recep
tion will bo held.
The California Club ; reception of last
week i« still talked of as the most suc
cessful club affair ever given in the city.
Among the Interesting women who re
ceived the thousand and more guests
were Mrs. A. W. Scott and Mrs. j Aaron
Schloss, both of whom were stunningly
gowned in cream, lace robes.; c -. ...
Next Tuesday . the club gives a recep
tion to Governor and; Mrs. George Pardee.
The .coming', of Mrs. Peter. D. Martin
will stir, things up a bit. '
Her personality is of a type that in
sures surprises, and .her superb , beauty
and style put ginger into, the -affairs she
attends, for . everybody is then on dress
parade.- ,'\u25a0 . ' .. '.*-'. '" .•,•,' • - \u0084
: She has .brought with her some amaz
ing princesse gowns that fit ; her \ svelte
figure as snug, as ait oel fits ;\u25a0; lts skin.
Besides, : she* brings: some ; superb furs,
and a dazzling; lot of hats, mqny of .which
were broueht ( over i the Jocean . with | her.'V
Those Parisians went mad over her, fol
lowing her carriage for blocks-^-what won
der that cool-headed Americans worship
at her .shrine! ;: V : '\u25a0 \u25a0 :
. The Lewli-Batchelder wedding • was , as
picturesque; an affair as was over -held
In old Menlo— long the center of the bo-,
clal life for which t»«e;. '7os wer^e; famous.
The service was Colonial to the smallest
detail, even .to the exquisite little pages
in white satin doublets and cocked hats.
The Batchelder place— one of the fairest
in the State— was ablaze with fairy
lights, every hoary -oak wearing a
Jewe.. ..
Ovor all the Poft moon fell, recalling
the festive days'of th« gardens of
Versailles.
• • \u25a0 , • '
The return of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Driscoll was a bit of good news to - the
smart set generally, but ! more particu
lartly to the polo people, who have missed
him sorely.
He . was v ln great demand; at the game
yesterday -at tho Clark grounds, where
he was given royal reception.' But who
wouldn't?— he's such a . splendid fellow.
Then, his wifu is such a winsome thing
that men toast him doubly.
.... ' :. ' -.'•: :• ** ' \u25a0..:•\u25a0/
The passing of Mr. Sabln has fallen like
a pall upon many, households, - and it
came especially hard, following so .; soon
after the wedding feast of his daughter,
Mrs. Bjornstad. . . , , .
Not a sadder, blow has fallen upon so
ciety than " .'this sudden taking away of
a man so well-beloved. : * '.
";•-• ' * \u25a0 .
' Alice Hefrin Is back from abroad, look-
Ing splc and span and ' pretty, and bring
ing a lot of smart j frocks with her. ; ; ,
A dashing?debutante I will this maiden
be, and undoubtedly, as popular as ; her
elder ; sister, •, Katherine— which Vi 3' saying
A pretty affair was the card party , of
the Sunshine girls, given last \ Saturday
at \u25a0 the St. • Francis; and : many &\ ray, of
sunshine • will "\u25a0\u25a0 the proceeds bring 1 , to \ the
unhappy r'ahut-ins,". for, whom the maids
worked %o \ merrily, ; ; among v whom , was
Miss. Linda* Priber.i a clever as well as a
charming i little V worker. " \u25a0; '\u25a0 . ;
• \u25a0»\u25a0• ,-:\u25a0 ,-;-:-'• - -• \u25a0\u25a0^i'»y \u25a0\u25a0*'\u25a0 C: * •-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 -'.-.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0
; - The opening, of ; Mrs. Eleanor V Mar
htin's beautiful ; home ; to the fair' Sout-
em delegates last Sunday afternoon |
was the event of the week. Several i
of the .delegates still remain within
the; city gates, those not possessed of
family connection being offered warm
hospitality by friends. Many pleasur
able small affairs during' the week
have been in honor of the visitors from
the land* o' cotton.
Miss Frankie Glass followed closely
upon the heels of th© precedent estab
lished by Miss Jessie Ftllmore. when
she' ".quietly , wedded with Dr. R. F.
.Bearner last Monday. Just a quiet fam
ily lathering was held at the altar of
St.\i Paul's and- Rev. William Maxwell
Reilly pronounced th«s ; sacred words.
The bride was*ver"y pretty In her
gown and hat of brown. all ready for
the- Journey upon which the pair Im
mediately started.
Dr.Beamer Is'the son of Woodland's
Mayor and has established himself in
dentistry in Vacaville. Mrs. Beamer Is
very talented and has had all the ad
vantages of education and travel, but
has ever from childhood " evinced a
preference , for mental pursuits, curing
nothing for society..
• * i • ..
The . engagement of Miss Elizabeth
Smith to Dr. Samuel J. Gardner, first
announced In last Sunday's Call, has
created a. ripple of interest spreading
to some distance. '.'\u25a0\u25a0'-
Miss Smith arrived last March to
visit her sister, Mrs. George L. Fish,
at the Palace Hotel and soon met Dr.
Gardner, a romapce quickly springing
Into' being. Mrs. Fish had previously
had a similar experience, for it was dur
ing a visit to this country that she met
Mr. Fish and remained to become his
bride.
Misa Smith had contemplated returning
to her home in Scotland this year, but her
marriage to Dr. Gardner will \u25a0• probably
take; Dlace in December, and . the « trip
abroad will jj be . made next spring. \u25a0
Mrs. Fish and Miss Smith are the daugh
ters, of Mr. and Mrs. J. Henderson Smith
of Stirling, Scotland "and Joppa, a coun
try.' place near : Edinburgh.
Dr. \ Gardner,^ formerly of Canada, has
been a surgeon with the Southern Pacific
Company for several years, .having been
associated with his uncle, the late Dr.
Samuel Gardner, who was also during
his \lifetime a" prominent physician with
that company.
. ' • * • * j -"
Mrs. Grayson Dutton' s afternoon at
bridge was one of the. delightfully in
formal affairs, two dozen intimates, be
ing bidden :to ~ St. Dunstan's for a few
hours, v 7v 7 . ." .' \u25a0 '
Li With the passage of the game a few ad
ditional'/ guests dropped Un for tea,; bo
the gathering was twice merry before the
end. of the: day. . , ; ;
The > Dutch room . looked very pretty
with its- distribution , of, tables, ; about
which were seen such very dainty gowns.
Of the callers there were Mrs. Henry Fos
ter Dutton," Mrs. Charles P.Kindleberger,
Mrs. ; Harry N. Gray, Mrs. : John " Rodgers
Clark. Mrs. Bennett of Denver, Mrs. Ry
land,Wallace, Mrs. ; Stafford Parker. Mrs.
Alfred B. : Spauldlng, . Mrs. Leonard Che
nery. Mrs. • Conode. Miss Elizabeth Cole,
Miss Florence Smith, Miss Amelia Smith,
Mrs.? Paul i Bancroft; Miss ; Grace Buckley,
Mrs.-. Malcolm j Henry,- Mrs." Thomas Ben
ton' Darrough,' Mrs.; Isaac Oliver Upham,
Miss "Bessie i' Zane, Miss ; Gertrude Van
.Wyck; \u25a0 Miss Florence Cole. Mrs. '« Frederic
Spencer "Palmer/. Mrs.; Philip Bancroft,
Miss 'Agnes : Buchanan, \u25a0'- Miss V; Katrina
' .Wright. Miss -Ursula Stone. v Miss i Etelka
Wllliar, Mrs. \u25a0 Josiah Howell, : Mrg.\ Harry.
Williar, Mrs. William J. Dutton, Miss
Mollie Dutton. Mrs. Robert Greer, Miss
Elsa Draper. Miss Dorothy Draper.
• • *• •
Although Philip Bancroft brought his J
pretty bride (Nina Otis Eldred) to San
Francisco some months ago, their dis
position to be entertained has not been
indulged until the present hour. Mrs.
Bancroft mere introducing her daugh
ter-in-law for the first time last Mon
day. • '
A large number of tea guests filled the
Bancroft apartments at St. Dunstan's,
the beauty of trailing vines with the
luxurious chrysanthemum adding beau
ty to the handsome furnishings and
striking gowns.
With the dispersing of day callers, six
teen were bidden to the dining board,
rounding out an event memorable with
hostess and guests.
•> \u2666 •
A pleasant occurrence on shipboard was
that last Sunday of the luncheon given by
Captain and Mrs. Perkins of the Pen?ai
cola to Captain Behnke and Lieutenant
Schroeder of the Teutonic cruiser Falke.
•• * .
Four weddings ' will concentrate upon
Wednesday. The hour of 3:30 will see
the solemenlzation of marriage between
Miss Frances Allen and Joseph Bryant
Grlmwood In Trinity Church, with a re
ception tp follow at the home of the
bride on Pacific avenue.
In the bridal train will be Miss Harriet
Allen, Miss Mattie Llvermore. Miss Na
talie Coffin and 'Miss Emma Grimwood.
Miss "Elsie Dorr will pledge her vows to
Lieutenant Claude Ernest Brigham. U. S.
A., at 6 o'clock in the home of her pa
rents. Dr. and Mrs. L. L. Dorr on Hyde
street.
Miss Jessie Dorr will be her sister s
only attendant and only the immediate
family will witness the ceremony.
Trinity Chapel will see the nuptials of
\u25a0 Miss Elizabeth Callender, daughter of Dr.
and Mrs/ John Anton Callender, and
, Josiah Crosby Beedy, .the service to be
rtad at noon with an informal breakfast
' to follow.
'. In Oakland Miss Florence White will
'. wed with Wilford Faitoule of New
York.
• • •
J Among the pleasant affairs at close
range is the card party on Tuesday to
• be given by Mrs. Alanson Weeks (Belle
'. Harms) in her new home. With con
• sideratlon for her many guests ; Mr 3.
, Weeks has allowed .the option of
bridge or five . hundred, that all may
be In harmony with the diversion. But
, methinks, with that pretty new. house
. to discuss, cards will be delayed In
commencement, for what is more en
, chanting to a feminine aggregation
. than the Inspection of new rooms with
[ all their lovely accessories?
• * •
: \u25a0'\u25a0 Miss' Caroline Merry's advent Is al
t most due and with her will arrive her
mother, Mrs. William 'L. Merry, who
will remain in San Francisco until
\u25a0 after the wedding of , her daughter and
- Lieutenant Bryant.
* ' • • •
Miss Beatrice Splivalo was the motive
for a pretty, luncheon at the home of
" Mrs. Howard ' Morrow yesterday.
' ' : -'\u25a0 ' ...•!• •
Miss Ardella Mills. was a bridge host
r ess of the week, entertaining infor
t mally last Thursday.
- One of . the : smaller affairs of the
, week, surrounded by extreme dalnti
3 ness In decoration/ was the five hundred
- party given by Mrs. Frederick Arthur
. Houseworth.' . ; \r
- She is the daughter of State Super
, intendent of \u25a0 Schools Thomas J. Kirk
, and I has been entertaining her \ mother
, and- sister, Miss. Imogen' Kirk, from
- Sacramento, for several days.
i :A: reception ..to Professor and Mrs.
0 Wolle in Berkeley last Wednesday
, drew a large. and Interested number of
1 musicians, who enjoyed • a most con
i genial chat with the new residents.
f '-._\u25a0"\u25a0 f.Y", *"•'*.•*•, *?_-;,*'" * '. \u0084..'_ . -—-.
3 I Mrs. E.iW. Runyon, who recently ar-
rived from Paris with her mother, Mrs.
J. S. Cone, is visiting: for the present
with friends in Piedmont, where she,
will stay for some time before going to
her old home in Red Bluff. >^^
Mrs. Cone 13 the guest of her daugh
ter, Mrs. John Dickenson Sherwood, in
Spokane.
Simultaneously with the arrival of
Mrs. Runyon Is that of Princess Andra
Poniatowski and the advents are some
what coincidental, for these two young:
matrons were at school together a dec
ade and a half ago, Mrs. Sherwood and
half a dozen other maids of prominent
family also being contemporary school
mates at Field's Seminary in Oakland.
Mrs. Sherwood (Josephine Cone).
Mrs. Runyon (Mary Cone) and Princess
Poniatowski (Beth Sperry) were espe
cial favorite with faculty and pupils.
These three young matrons have pre
served the beauty of early youth and,
with the charm of maturity, are; all ex- 1
tremely handsome.
• • •
Mrs. Frank Deering gave tb« initial
bridge party last Tuesday of \ series
to ensue through the winter, the sec
ond to take place Tuesday of this
The. Claremont Country Club Is more
than fulfilling the prediction of popu
larity which attended Its establishment
and these days sees Its roomsand hall*
often tested to their capacity. Leaders
j of Oakland's smart set constantly util
ize the club for their most swagger af
fairs, and San Francisco society takes
a hand at entertaining at the artlstlo
clubhouse on the Alameda County shore.
Miss Edith Downing was the honored
luncheon guest last Tuesday of Mpji
Arline Johnston, while yesterday Qq>
verandas saw the gathering of many
pretty maids in honor of Miss Peggy
Stow of Santa Barbara, bidden by Mlsa
Gladys Meek.
Last evening the club was the scene
of a brilliant dinner party given by
Miss Marlon Goodfellow to Mtss Flor
ence White and her fiance, 'Wllford,
Faltoute of New York, for whom wed
ding chimes will sound next Wednes
day.
EVE.V ROYALTY MUST
onrcv doctor's orders
\u25a0 \u25a0
Flat r.ofm Forth That Uurm Alexandra
Mmt Eat No More Sweet
Thing*.
LONDON. October 14.— Even royalty
finds it necessary to yield obedience to
the doctor's orders. The fiat has gone
forth that Queen Alexandra must eat no
more ' sweet things. In consequence, a
well known firm of London pastry cook?,
who have for many years supplied her
Majesty with confectionery arid other
tempting delicacies, have had their order
canceled. For their loss of trade they
are consoled by the fact .that they are
stll! allowed to display the coat of arms
whicn indicate! that they axe under royal
patronage. The Queen has long -een in
ordinately fond of sweets and confec
tions and has recklessly Indulged her ap
petite for them. That has produced -*«
accumulation of superfluous adiposo^^ \u25a0
sue. which even the most expert of dress
makers are unable to conceal. She is no
longer slim and willowy, though English,
newspapers continue so to describe her.
Her medical attendant has told her that
her only hope of regaining something like
her youthful contour of figure li€ 3 in
the practice of rigid self-denial with re-
Bpect to the dainties she enjoys most.
The Princess of Wales has also received
a hint from a high medical authority that
she will some day become a second edi
tion of her mother, the Duchess of Teck,
who was enormously fat, unless she prac
tices frugality In the matter of , confec
tions.
*? To Our Patrons. |
\u25a0 In order to complete the I
beautiful decorative scheme \u25a0
of new establishment in the S
- Union League Building, north- S
west corner of Post and y
! Stockton Streets. D'Orlan will m
\u25a0- defer removal until the latter M
part of October. Until .then. B
the present quarters In the_Jl
Starr King Building will be^V
maintained for every descrip-* : J
tlon of toilette v work. a
'A- full and complete line of m
D'Orlan Cle prrpar ution* ;in . J"' \u25a0Ml » I I \u25a0— »1— H"**^^ ~ - ' \u25a0 "'" ' ''— \u25a0" - ' \u25a0—\u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0»
Will Exhibit Monday, October 16
Later Extensive Importations
Fine Dress Materials
Extremeiy Low Prices
Attractive Suitings ca c
In checks, stripes and Scotch mixtures _vVv
Figured Panama
In seasonable shades suitable for dressy S^f
street costumes. 45 in. wide «».»_
Satin Imperial
Exceptionally well finished in good tf AA
solid colors. 42 in. wide «pi«VV
Tailor Suitings
In pretty, neat effects and combina- $J 0Z
tionsofnewautumncolors.4Bin.wide V"-*v
Saxony Suitings ci ca
Stylish, durable, well made V*««J V
Paquin Suitings ci 7c
As shown in thisseason's new models V*«* v
Superior Woolen Suitings e j 7c
Of very special value. 54 in. wide V«'3
Broadcloth
In the best makes only. $1 1Z in €2 CA
New chiffon finish. . . . <!«•*'« W qo.OV
...SPECIAL...
A large stock of silk and wool and thin woolen
materials in dainty shades, especially adapted for
theater, reception and +9 C a^ d* | yr,
evening costumes ... •JC IO «p I•£ J
s Cor. Post & Kearny Sts.
MANY LINGER
WHERE LIFE
IS DREAMY
AT BYRON HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Herbert 8. Rathehlld. Mrs. E. Hen
r!x. Ml«* M. Pchwerft. Mrs. R. Schaftter, John
Zehrunir. Mre. Thomas Dnucrall. Miss Dougay,
Miss S. C H»l3an. H. M. Smith. J. G. Mans
field. J. M. Cremmln, Mr. and Mrs. A. Ot
tinger. Miilard Ottin^r, J. R. Roberts. George
H. Gunner, H. R. BraoVn and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. M. Whelan, J. J. Haviside. C. L. Angell.
Mr. and Mrs. John Scott Wilson, Miss Helen
V,'J]son. W. C. Christopher, J. A. Dene«>n.
Charles Fkinnrr, Bert Buckloy. Miss A. George,
UUr Jesele George. Mr. and Mrs. N. R. Har
ris. Mrs. M. C. Harris and 6on. Mrs. Etta
Chadbum, W. E. Sharon. Miss Ada 6t«vene,
Mies Lola Fisher, Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Bishop.
Mre. William A. Llnbaugh. W. Fiber, Mr.
and Mrs. Vcrsolcvlch, Frank Qulgg. Dr.
Fletcher McNutt Jr.. Dr. John It. Clark. Joseph
K. men. William N»llson. Mrs. George S. Col
bum. Albert Maskey. P. C. MUlohlan. io*
£<n-rs, J. W. Barr. G. Eaton. From Fresno—
J. R. Br«?«d. Mr. *nd Mrs. Oeorge M. Kobler.
From £«n Jose — Fred S. Campbell. From Ala
meda — Miss S. C. Haldan. V. S. N. — Gus
Scbonlng. U. S. A.— Major WlUlam Stephen
son. From Davlsvllle— Mr. and Mrs. George
W. Pierce. From Oakland— W. W. Downs. Mr.
and Mrs. Chester F. Harden. T. Wehrli. From
Hawaiian Islands — M. Bird. From Merced — G.
N. Nowell. Mrs. S. G. Worden. G. C. Header
s'n. From Stockton — Roy R. Edwards. From
Fan Ramon — I^nutte Larsen. From Washing
ton. D. C. — Mr*. A. C. Eddy. From Chico —
P 1 """""\u25a0\u25a0"^^^
PFISTER'S am LEADERS I
of GOOD VALUES in I
I UNDERWEAR SSS SEWn I I
]' SILK LINEN LISLE WOOL §1
Women's good quality Lisle Vests, from ..; SSRc M
Men's light-weight ribbed Garments, from 81. 00 y
WOMEN'S KNIT RLOUSFXI I
'I 2<"aKh!on'ft IVevreat Idea* of Style £3
1 NEW SLEEVES • NEW STITCH ALL COLORS fj
PUnE LA3IB'S,WOOL II
\ See what grand values these are at $4.00 and up. FJ
I SHIRT WAISTS I
Owing to tbe big success of last week's sale we will §§
give the public another chance to buy a new fall waist for @
little money by continuing this sale for one more week. |1
ONE-Q.UARTER OFF ON ALL WAISTS g
-] " Blanr pretty «tyle«i In Women* Neckwear and Hosiery if
;• eonstontlr received B
c p " * 10p.m. i
knitJtingco. _ I
Mrs. W. W. Reid, H. P. Reed. Mrs. C. V Ho.
£?"• iF 1 ?™ Berkeley— Mr. and Mrs. George D.
Metcalf Mrs. Thomas R. Bacon. John B. Met
calf. Mr. and Mrs. H. Ramsey, F. Hur«t
From Frultvale— Mrs. Henry Wetherbee. Froni
KnUhtson— W. G. Grove, Mrs. Charlton, Mis,
£\J *?**\u25a0„. From Byron — Mr. and Mrs. R. L.
MeCabe. From Point Richmond— Mrs. J. Peres,
££ C * H> Abbo ". From Los Angeles— Mrs.
Edward B. Howerton. From Eureka— W I.
Duff. From Banta— C. A. Dreyer. From Sut
sun—Mrs. K. A. Conroy. From Modesto— W.
B. Bowken. From Salinas— Mrs. J. G. Elmorw.
From Benlcla--G. Gnauck. From Florin— O C
Smith, Henry Smith. From Mission San Jose-
Mr, and Mrs. O. Hansen. From Seattle— J. R
Gadolpho. From Martinez— H. V. Alvarado.
From San Pablo— F. E. Bouquet. From Palo
Alto — Thomas Cardora, From San Leandro—
J. J. Andrade. From Alvarado — James Haw
ley.
AT RICHARDSON SPRINGS: From Sacra
mento—Joe Lewis, B. Hyman, W. A. Vorel
P. Oppenheimer. T. 11. Cook. Mrs. Lewis.
From San Francisco— F. Harrington, Milton
Glass. J. H. North. From Biggs— Philip Greln
Jr. and wife. From Reno, Nev.— Robert Earls
ton. From Washington, t). C— Mr. and Mrs
J. M. Rankln. From Vina— Mrs. Devoir. From
San Mateo — Mrs. F. Lawler. From Hanford —
Joe Rogers. From Prattville— A. S. Fraser
From Nlcolaus — Tom liroderson Claus Storm.
From Marysvllle — Thomas Allen. A. Wade.
Froru Nord — Ole M. J. Sollars. From Yuba
City — E. B. McPhetridge. From Chlco — 8. P.
Roberts. Mayme J. Locey, George Sollars, N.
Herberlle and wife, Eva Lefoe, T. M. Cooper,
F. A. Thun. William Standard and F. v Larl
more.
INSOLVENT PLUMBER.— J. E. Teague, a
contracting plumber of Palo Alto, filed a peti
tion In insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $1596 and has
no assets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt,^SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15,v1905.
COAL MESURES
ARE INVOLVED
Bondholders' in Sonora Cor
poration File Suit to
Ilecover $700,000 bamages
REPUDIATION ALLEGED
Plaintiffs Assert That New
Company Kefused to As
sume Obligations of Old
Suit involving title to coal measures
of Sonora, Mexico, recently transferred,
was instituted, yesterday in the Superior
Court. The plaintiffs in the action are
James Ainsa, B. V. Garcia, Jeaus Alnsa,
F. H. Garcia, Kate J. Black, George W.
Jackson and M. Lopez and the defendants
are th« Mexican Coal ; Mining Company,
A. J. Uhlmann. Charles Lane. H. G.
Stevenson, J. D. Arnold. William J.Din
gee, I* W. Shinn. R. v M. Strauss, J. D.
Hopkins and C. P. Eagan.. The plaintiffs
demand Judgment against. the defendants
for $700,000 damages, with interest from
July 2, 1901, less eight per cent, which
the plaintiffs admit having indirectly re
ceived at the time : o the transfer which
Is complained of in the suit.
The plaintiffs allege that prior to July
2, 1901, they held bonds. of the total value
of $700,000 in the Compania Explotadora
dft Tereno Carboniferos en Sonora, a Mex
ican corporation, such bonds, under, the
law of Mexico, standing as a lien against
the corporation. On July ' 2, 1901, it Is
alleged, the Sonora corporation sold . to
C. P. Eagan the coal j measures involved.
In turn Eagan organized the "Mexican
Coal Mining Company," of which "the de
fendants named- are members, .and trans
ferred to the corporation -title "to .the
measures. It is alleged that Eagan se
cured possession of <\u25a0 the measures, - well
knowing that the plaintiffs held the' in
terest therein as stated, but since the or
ganization of the Mexican Coal Mining
Company it has repudiated the bonds held
by the plaintiffs in the Sonora corpora
tion.. %
At the time of the transfer of the prop
erty it is admitted that the defendants
paid the Sonora corporation- eight per,
cent of the agreed purchase price of $700,
000, which sum has been, credited' to - the
bondholders of » the Sonora corporation.
Now. the plaintiffs demand judgment for,
the balance of the $700,000 "with interest
as- stated. It Is alleged that- the -coal
measures Involved are worth far in ex-:
cess of . $1,000,000.
The plaintiffs, are represented by Attor
ney Joseph -McKinley.
ATTORNEYS FOR MURDERERS
RAISE TECHNICAL POINTS
Claim That Chilion Hoiren anil. John
A. Logan Bell ; Have < Been ,
Illegally Held. . ;
When the cases of Chilion Bowen,
charged with the murder of William A.
Stephensonof Washoe, Nev., and John
A. Logan Bell, charged with the mur
der of his stepfather, were called In
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday for the
defendants to plead, motions to dismiss
were made in each case on similar
grounds. The points raised will be
argued .next Saturday.
The principal : point Is that the de
fendants were held" to ; -answer by the
Police Court and not by aya v Judge there
of acting as a magistrate, it being con
tended that the provision of the charter
establishing a Police' Court Is
stitutional, as the -Penal*; Code pro
vides that those who can j sit as com
mitting magistrates are Justices of the
Supreme Court. Superior Court Judge,
Police Court Judges and Justices of the
Peace, but not the Police Court acting
as a Police Court.
The other.ground 1s that the commit
ting magistrate under an act passed by
the Legislature must indorse the order
holding the defendant to answer on
the back of the complaint instead of
on a fugitive sheet.
Stop!
Shoes to match your dress at Burn* .
111 G«ary street. '
AMERICAN CHILD RINGS
FAMOUS ABBEY BELL
Montana Girl En joy s Unique
Distinction on Visit to
Westminster.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 14. — Now that most of
the summer visitors from the' United
States have, gone back, there are not
as many little American girls in Lon
don as there were a while ago, but of
those whp remain ther..e .isn't a prouder
one to-day than Miss Evelyn MacNlven
of Butte, Mont. Little Miss MacNiven,"
whose years number only. B, yesterday
had the honor of ringing the bell of
Westminster Abbey that summons
worshipers to the venerable fane. , It
is the first time a little American girl
has done this, or, in fact, any little girl,
bo far as is known. •
It is because the small Miss MacNlven
possessed the enterprise of the true
American girl that she had this en
viable experience. She and her parents,
who recently arrived' in London, were
paying a visit to th« abbey, which .is
invariably ; one of : the '\u25a0 first duties of
Americans in the metropolis, when the
little girl wandered off on a tour of
inspection of her. own among the royal
tombs. , \u25a0 , »
Spying one of the '/vergers" or ush
ers, tho little, girl from Butte promptly
annexed and plied him with questions.
It happened that during the absence of
the regular bellringer of the Abbey It
was this official's duty to ring the bell,
and the hour of the 3 o'clock service
approaching, he asked his email ques-'
tioner,' to whom he had taken a' fancy,'
if she would like to be the first little
girl to call worshipers to Westminster
Abbey. s i
Naturally she jumped at the chance
and so when her . parents had been
"collected* 1 all parties set out for the
room below the great belfry of the
Abbey, where the chimes are rung,
and there, after, having been instructed
by the verger,, the little girl from Butte
laid hold of the' dangling rope and
rang the bell. ;, .. ,' !
The call to service at !the Abbey con
sists of several : long: strokes^ followed
by three quick ones, which, the verger
explained, . were ' designed in the early
days of the f great fane, to warn V the
various clergymen to be in their places.
POSTAL RECEII»TS SHOW BIG r
- GAIN IN SAW FRANCISCO
WASHINGTON, Oct :14.— The
receipts of San Francisco - for, Septem
ber were $147,785 against $131,605 for
September, of last year,' a gain of 12.29
per cent.*, ' The; Los ' Angeles receipts
last month we/e' 554,760 against. s42,76s
last year, a gain of 28.02 ; ' per .cent.
Portland's .receipts C last month were
$44,651 against $32,475,. 1a5t year, a
gain of 37.49, per cent.; ~ >
PERMIT : TO , • BLAST.— The Suprevlsors'
Street Committee ' yesterday,* granted
Malloy -; a ; permit \u25a0to do ". blasting- for c grading:
purpose* along I the J line = : of < the .. Ocean f Shore
Railroad, "'\u25a0 f rom ; Ocean View ! to; a' point • 1500
fcec westerly from Railroad" avenue.
PAPERS ISSUED
TO HITCHFIELD
Is;, Made a ; Good American
Skipper at Last by L T . S.
Circuit Judge - Mofiw
PETEESEN IN TROUBLE
Erandulent: Citizen Declares
Schmitz Is the Governor,
and ' Abe Euef Pfesidehi
Captain John 'Gordon Hitchfleld, chief
officer of the Mongolia, was admitted ..to
citizenship yesterday" by United States
Circuit Jddge Morrow. Captain Hitch
field's naturalization- papers were found
to be irregular because of error of one
of his witnesses. • and United States- Se
ciet Service Agent John H. Helms-took
'away his papers and his seagoing li
censes. Captain Hitchfleld then went be
fore the. United, States Circuit Court- and
applied for naturalization on his declar
ation of intention, those papers having
been obtained in the legal way. United
States District Attorney, Devlin with
drew all objection, and Judge Morrow,
after the usual questions 'had been satis
factorily answered by Captain Hitchfleld;
admitted him to citizenship. ,' f
, Judge Morrow remarked at the same
time! that this was the ) first . case .of • the
kind that had ever come 'before him, and
he desired it to be understood that in all
future cases where the; applicant^ could
show that his intention papers f had not
been fraudulently obtained, he would per
mit such intention papers to form.; the
basis of an application for re-naturaliza
tion. : It was evident to him that in^the
case of Captain Hitchfleld there had been
no intention on his part to defraud. V f,
Samuel Martin Petersen,,; holding' a
master's license in the American mer
chant marine, was gathered .yesterday
into the net of Secret Service Agent
Helms. The agent's numerous assistants
had been at work for several weeks on
Petersen's case and when all the- facts
had been gathered Helms sent for .the
mariner and requested a statement.; Pet
ersen glibly declared that he was natur
alized in the Superior Court of Merced
County on March 5, 1900, and showed
the agent what purported to be a copy
of those papers bearing .the seal of the
court and the .certificate of the clerk.
He denied that he had ever been nat
uralized anywhere else.
\u25a0Mr.- Helms then confronted the aston
ished mariner with the following facts:
on September . 18, 1891. : Petersen \ again
United States Local Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger for a license as mate, and on
that occasion swore that he~was born in
Norway in 1562. and that he was natural
ized in Judge Coffey's couJ-t in this city
on •September, 18, 1891. 'Petersen again
applied on November 12, 1902, for licenses
as master of sail and second mafe of
steam vessels and swore that he was
born In Norway in; 1864. On January 12.
1905. he applied for, a license as chief
mate of steam vessels and , swore that
he was born in Norway in 1866.
When Petersen found that Agent
Helms . had his history at his fingers'
ends he confessed everything In con
nection with the matter.; His \ story,
was that a man whom ho knew, as
Judge William Burke had informed
him that he had been long enough, in
the. country to. be a citizen and that he
would get: his- naturalization/ papers
without .putting Petersen, to any.trour
ble in app"ea"ring'befora' a court... Burke
gave him his naturalization' papers,
purporting to have been Issued out" of
Superior Judge Coffey's court,. and_told
him at the ) same time- that they .would
be of no use 'to hlrn, : outside "of San
Francisco; that if he went to the coun-'
try he would have to be naturalized in
the country. It 'was for this reason,
Petersen. explained, that he became nat
uralized also in Merced' .
Petersen finally admitted that Burke
was not "a'Judjje at all, but conducted
a navigation school In this city, of
which Petersen was a pupil. Burke
has since died. Agent Helms placed
Petersen under arrest for perjury com-,
mitted before the: United States local
inspectors. United States Commission^
er Heacock ordered the prisoner to ap^
pear" for examination ; on Monday at
2p. m.. andflxed his bail' at $2000. '\u25a0\u25a0 ">
Superior- Judge [Kerrigan yesterday
reinstated Svend Stangeland to citi
zenship.' The application ;of August
Petersen to be reinstated to citizenship
was denied on' account of the j appli
cant's dense Ignorance of American in
stitutions.' He was chief mate of the
steamer Olympia,' and this papers -had
been taken away from him by United
States Secret Service Agent Helms.
He said that' Eugene Schmitz was
Governor of California, lie could- riot
remember who was President of the
United State's, he said, but he thought
it was Abe Ruef.
Stout Ladles!
17 years ago I reduced my weight 63 pounds,
bust 8 inches, vmiat 6 Inches, and { hips 10
Inches, by a simple harmless remedy! Health
perfect. No exercise, no wrinkles, no starving.
I will tell you how. Inclose stamp. Mrs. Diana
Alves, 62 Elgin Park. San Francisco. Cal. •
Flr% Commimilon Meets. .
The Fire Commission yesterday or
dered v charges Jiled against' Frank
Kelly, a truckman, who has been", sus
pended for falling: to report for duty.
Kelly must . answer | the charges next
Friday. I*.e commission promoted E.
J. Riordan, hoseman of Company 35, to
be lieutenant of . Engine Company 9,
and adopted resolutions to the memory
o. the late Election Commissioner Rob
ert W. Roberts. ' ; \u25a0 \u25a0- / \ .-
Hair Must ße Fed
\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0-' \u25a0' ' WITH ,' •/\u25a0•'; • '\u25a0'\u25a0: , \u25a0
SO, ff lIN- A LJ-D ? S
EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC
Hair, like every part of the body, must be " fed in order to \u25a0 be strong.- It
muft -be strong in order to be beautiful. If you neglect tired hair.- it becomes
thin, scant, and lifeless, and is certain to fall, out. You cannot afford to negf-
lect your hair; if it ia weak, lusterless and dull you will find ED. PINAUD'S
EAU DE t QUININE HAIR TONIC absolutely necessary, to preserve its beauty.
\u25a0 Miss Amelia- Bingham owes her luxuriant hair to , her regular "use of ED
PINAUD'S : EAU DE . QUININE < HAIR TONIC. , Read what she says:
"PIN AUD' S EAU DE QUININE is the most efficacious
tonic for the hair J have ever used:<ilt is especially; valuable
in "preventing the hair from falling -out '•" y
. . ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC, is not a sticky, unpleasant
hair preparation, but a cooling:, nourishing and necessary hair tonic. Its use
Is a satlsfactlon.a pleasure; the feeling after an application iskeenly refresh-
ing. It fis the only permanent foe. to dandruff-'.' It- penetrates through under
the; scalp, stimulates the roots of the : hair and causes ' a renewed growth from
the Uired,:choked-up' follicles. Beautiful, long; wavy, tresses are the result. Do
not wait until your hair begins to fall out before' takirfg proper - care of It.
Begin to-day.; See our, free: sample offer below. ; - -\u25a0>- .•\u25a0-. -'
:We are also the largest manufacturers in the
world of toilet 'preparat ions and high-grade.
perfumes. "Our name is a guarantee of highest
quality. PARFUMERIE- ED PINAUD, 'Paris::
' FKB HI to the Readers of ; this Newspaper
/•: To demonstrate tot those> who "are "not 'familiar with'the merits 'of ED. PIN-"
AUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC or 'the Exquisite 1 quality; of ED. PIN-
AUD'S PERFUMES and = DENTIFRICE, we will send on receipt of ao cents, to '
pay postage and packing.U bottle EAUiDE QUININE HAIR TONIC (enough for"
three applications).;; 1 -bottle .-', ELIXIR*' DENTIFRICE ; (enough for five times),:
1 tube, PER FUME :(enough to perfume, handkerchief .' five \u25a0 times). Only one
set sent to an address. ; , • '\u25a0"'"•'"* "'\u25a0' v -~' Ei^^K^S^l
'; • writer ,Tp:DAY^Ba?^Ss?S"T> v -:
ED. PINAUD'S AMERICAN OFFICES, Ed. Pinaud Bids;, New York Citj
TALBOT CASE
IS ON TRIAL
Wife of Capitalist Tells
Why She Needs Large Al^
lowaiice . and Counsel Fees
MANY TO GO ON STAND
Says She Will Obtain Testir
; mony of Easterners -to
Bear Out; Her Allegations
William H. Talbot, capitalist, and his
wife, Annie D. Talbot, "who; is suing him
for maintenance, met in Judge Murasky's
court yesterday. "No- sign of. recognition
passed between them, but when one was
sure the other was riot looking : an In
spection of features arid dress would be
enjoyed, r
\u25a0Talbot -'found" his wife handsomely
gowned In a . brown j foulard, a rich gray
feather stole : thrown., over her shoulders
and a white \u25a0 felt hat, . graced | with black
plumes, completing her toilette. Talbot
was dignified in a dark English walking
suit, a pink 'carnation fresh from the
florist lending a touch of color. Talbot' s
face reflected but little of his thoughts as
he inspected his. wife, but she could not
restrain • fhe disdainful smiles that told
of [the bitterness feels against him. ggj
When the case was called for hearing—
a petition directing Talbot to show cause
why -he should not pay, his wife alimony
pending-the final determination of her
suit being : on the J calendar— Attorney
Samuel M. Shortrldge, chief counsel for
Mrs. '-- Talbot, read her- complaint. Dun
can E. McKlnlay, : associate . counsel for
the , plaintiff, read the answer, and Tal
bot was called to the stand.
Attorney Shortridge asked him how
much separate" property he owned— Mrs.
.Talbot stating; that the community'prop
erty | is : worth I $1,500,000 and his separate
property $I,ooo,ooo— but his counsel saved
him the necessity of answering by admit
ting that if the court so orders he Is
financially able to meet Mrs. Talbofs
demand for $5000 counsel fees, $2500 costs
and a monthly, allowance of $2500. Talbot
then left the stand and Mrs. Talbot took
his place. / ~ ;
. : She testified that all the • ready money
she possesses .Is $400 on deposit in one
bank and $500 in another and all of thl*
amount, she said, she owed on bills. Her
demand for counsel fees,- costs and an al
lowance, she said, was not excessive in
view of her husband's '.wealth and the
demands upon her purse. Her household
expenses are large, she explained, and
her daughter is now being Instructed at
home,^ while her. sons are attending a pri
vate university. '
Furthermore, she complained, she needs
funds to secure depositions of hotel clerks
and proprietors in .the East, nurses in
this 'city and to secure the attendance of
many people she asserts "will bear out her
statements that she. was not properly
treated by, her. husband.
Judge Murasky continued the case until
Friday afternoon for further hearing.
SlcPhernon Sleep* Soundly.
Alexander W. McPherson, better
known as "Brick,", was released on
$1000 bonds on Friday after spending
about five months in the County Jail
awaiting his trial on a charge of extor
tion, i His^case": was on Judge Dunne's
calendar yesterday, to plead, but when
lt.was called;he failed to answer to his
name. The Judge ordered a bench war
rant to be - Issued for his arrest and
continued , the case till to-morrow, his
attorney explaining there must be some
mistake. About 7 an hour after the
court' adjourned the defendant ap
peared, saying he had slept too soundly.
The Judge had gone and McPherson
was taken the County Jail till to
morrow. He is accused of extorting
$17 50 on May 15 from John Sheehan
by pretending that Sheehan could make
a fortune out of-smuggled opium.
Are tlnliapplly Married.
Annie M. Jonas filed suit yesterday
for divorce from Peter J. Jonas, alleg
ing extreme cruelty. Mrs. Jonas al
leges that her husband has ejected her
from possession of the Star Cafe, 24
Seventh street; which, she says, is her
separate property, and has appropriated
the income thereof ,» to his own use.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Cornelius against Edwin J. Crawford
for desertion, Herman J. against Nellie
Vilkelmlnla Otto Martens deser
tion, Sarah B. against David W. Lloyd
for neglect, Anna B. against Arthur A.
Powell for cruelty and Julius against
Josephine Hankosl for desertion.
Ax Fa'lU.'ln SherllTa Office.
Sheriff Curtis yesterday suspended
Deputy Sheriffs Vincent, Bello and
Jesse Galland for alleged Intemperance
and .Inattention/. to duty. Bello turned
in his star at once. •
YOUNG STENOQRAPER ARBESTED.—
Manraret L Nelson, a stenographer 19 years
of age was arrested yesterday by Policeman
Ensel and booked at the City Prison on a fel
ony charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses She was employed as bookkeeper for
the National Audit and Guarantee Company,
a get-rlch-quick - concern -in the Starr King
building, and is co-defendant \with • William E.
Sharp and Walter Johnston. The ' warrants
for their arrest, were issued by Police Judge
Cabanlss last July on complaint of Albert Sam
uela, one of the alleged victims. Sharp and
Johnston were arrested some time ago and on
October 5 Samuels told his story in court and
the cases were continued till next Tuesday.
i INSPECT PLAYGROUND SITES.— The Su
pervisors' Finance Committee - yesterday in
spected several sites \u25a0 offered for a " children's
playground . at North Beach, but made no se
lection.' \u25a0 .. :.\u25a0..•\u25a0 h / • .
Coma\encing Monday, October 16th, We Offer
TEN.THOUSARD YARDS OF NEW
Plain and Fancy Silks
At the Lowest Prices Ever Quoted.
Taffeta Silks, in light and dark colorings, also white, J CQrf
: cr^cm and black, value 75 cents, at per yard 00 p
Louisine Silks, excellent quality, in a large range of U^ri
newest colorings,; value $1.00, at per yard OJys
Fancy Silks, in neat stripes, checks and hai' line LCri
effects, value $1.00 and $1.25, at per yard OD>C
Dress Finish. Taffetas, 27 inches wide, in plain colors
\u25a0 and changeable combinations, value $1.00, at nf\H
per/yard #UjC
SALE OF HAND-EMBROIDERED
SHIRT WAIST PATTERNS
Fifty French Hand-Embroidered Shirt Waist Patterns, in
new floral and eyelet effects— each pattern consists of a hand-
somely embroidered front, with collar and cuffs to match, and
sufficient fine sheer lawn to make a stylish Lingerie 4>"\ nr
Waist; regular value $4.50, sale price each 4>Z*/D
Monday's Exceptional Sale of
SILK PETTICOATS
Silk Petticoats of fine quality Taffeta, in black, white, reseda,
light blue and several changeable effects, new model,
with trimmed accordion pleated flounce and.silk dust d»r /\a
ruffle. On sale to-morrow at the special price 0f ..... 4>D*UU
CLOSINQ OUT ALL OUR $4.00 TO $6.00
DRESSING SACQUES AT $1.75
Paris-made Sacques of fine quality French Flannel, in white
light blue, pink, lavender and red, with collar, sleeves and
front handsomely embroidered by hand. Sacques imported
to sell at $4.00 to $6.00 each reduced for Monday's d»< nr
selling to .........r. -. yl*iJ
LADIES' CROCHETED SLIPPERS
A special lot of Wool Slippers, crocheted by hand from the
best grade of Germantown, in pink, light blue, gray, red and
brown, sizes 3to 7, ' usually sold for $1.00, will be OOrT r
placed on sale at per pair OOC
ATTENTION IS DIRECTED TO A RECENT IMPORTATION OF
NEW LACE CURTAINS \
White and Arabian colors, including many late and attractive
fall designs, at $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00 per pair. We hang lace
curtains free of charge.
LADIES' NECKWEAR
Greatly Below Regular Prices.
Silk Jabots, with elaborately trimmed ends of chiffon
and lace, in white, pink and light blue, real value ACrf
75c, special forthissale 4^P
Collar and Cuff Sets, stylish deep cuffs and stock col-
lar of fine Venise lace, white or butter color, real-fc^
value $1.25, special for this sale /^>S
SALE OF KID GLOVES
A balance of two thousand pairs of Ladies' Kid Gloves, in
desirable, colors, suitable for street, dress or evening wear,
imported to sell at $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50, on saleg-. ,
Monday, October i6th at, per pair OUO
SALE OF SILK UMBRELLAS
A new importation of SILK SERGE UMBRELLAS, of ex-
cellent quality and warranted to wear. Natural wood handles,
suitable for.ladies and gents, the regular price of which *>*% |^
is $3.50, will be placed on sale to-morrow at each <4>^.lD
U LEATHER HAND BAGS
One-Third Under Regular Prices.
High-grade Leather Hand Bags, in black, brown and
tan, Vienna handles, heavy gold-plated frame, large #t jr
coin purse inside, real value $2.50, at
Hand Bags of real Walrus and Novelty Colored
Mouton, Leathers, latest shapes, moire silk lined, fl»j j>p
4 and containing large coin purse, real value $2.75, at y'«W
Genuine Morocco Leather Hand Bags, with" heavy
gilt frame, Vienna handles, lined with fancy Dresden tf»o «ye
. silk, and change purse inside, real value $4.00, at.. .4^* /^
Lessons Given in All Kinds of Art Needlework,
Class Days Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Private Lessons by Appointment.
Mail Orders Receive Prompt and Careful Attention*
NEWMAN' & LEYINSQN
Kearny and Slitter Streets
ADOPTS PLANS FOR THREE '
, NEW SCHOOL BUILDINGS
Board Takes Steps Toward Erertion of
Wanhlnjtton, \ lacuna Honda and
Sunnyslde Structures.
The Board, of Education yesterday
took; another. step toward the building
\ of schoolhouses under the bond >. issue
by adopting \u25a0 resolutions approving the
modified ' plans for the; Washington
Grammar School and also the plans of
tho Laguna Honda and Sunnygido Pri
mary schools. :
, The plarisof the Washington- School
were reduced by, the City. Architect so
as '; to eliminate^ the. fireproof construc
tion in'' order. to'- bring- the cost down to
$119,000, the sum available.
The. estimated cost -of the. 'Laguna
Honda School*is $81,000 and of the
Snnnyside ; School $54.000. ,; The " board
suggested '\u25a0„ to the Clty r Architect . that In
preparing the plans ' of : the .'McKinley
School, which Is to ; be located in the
that the mission type of archi
tecture J>e utilized. The building will
, c °? tf * 81 ' 000; .-.; -
FRAUD ORDER IS ISSUED
AGAINST CO.VFIDE.VCE HEX
Convicted la Los Anstele*. Thf y Remove
to San Kraneisco and CHanxe
• -Vame of the Company.
!.- A postal fraud order has been Is3ueil
; against D. A. Arnett, A. L. Baker, the
Progressive Publishing Company, L O.
O. 1., and the Western Tract Society,
having offices in room 305, Callaghaa
building, this city. This Is a lottery in
stallment enterprise, founded In LO3
Angeles under the name of the Accu
mulative Credit Company by Orlando
K. Fitzslmmons and the two ' other*
named. Fitzslmmons was convicted on
September 28. 1905. and sentenced to
six months' Imprisonment. ,
; The name of the company .was then
changed and the headquarters were re
moved to this '•; city. Fitz3immons .is
operating. a company. in Buffalo. N. V..
entitled the Western New York Masonic
Relief Association, evidently designed
to "relieve" members of the association
of their money.
2122
THE SAN FRANCISCOCALL
tTOHX D. SPBEOKELS ' » « « « V« « « « * • • •» .Proprietor
ADDKSSS AU. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXAUGHT ». » '« "«".' • «\u2666« \u2666 \u2666 « • -Manager
PCmiCATION 0TF1C8..., TMRO AND MARKET tfTKKim'S, BIAJT FRANCISCO
SUNDAY OCTOBER IS, 1905
FOR ANTI-DIVORCE PEOPLE.
THE discussion of divorce goes on intermittently, but earnestly.
The rights of society in the matter are pleaded to reinforce the
moral and religious argument. Society has the right to have
families reared by the joint care and nurture pf both parents. Di
vorce interrupts this, and the court distributes the children. Whether
given to the care and custody of the father or the mother, painful
scenes occur. The right of the non-custodian to occasionally visit
the children only keeps alive the painful memories connected with
the unfortunate situation. Frequently the children of divorced
parents are in nv.ny respects worse off than orphans or half-orphans.
At best theirs is only half a home, with either the father or the
mother lacking to its completeness. Society suffers the results in
citizens that may be said to be incompletely reared. Frequently the
children, at a tender age, are partisans in the parental controversy.
In the hotly contested divorce suit between Captain Taggart and
his wife the little sons sided with their mother. One of them was
so violently partisan than he said if the court gave him to his father
he would run away or shoot himself. Such things are appalling, and
if a little patience and self-restraint will prevent them, it is pitiful
that these are lacking.
Tho interest of society in the married state is vital and pro
found. We speak of society in its sociological sense and not in
its artificial sense. Society makes the rules and regulations and the
ethics of domestic life and intercourse. Society owes it to itself
that its common law of conduct shall, better protect married
manners and morals. But when society assumes the right to say
that there shall be no divorce, it is the same as assuming the right
to say that there shall be no marriage. The church, joining in the
controversy, declares that there shall be no divorce, treating as
sacrosanct what the State treats entirely as a civil contract.
Turning from the social wrongs chargeable to divorce, is it
deniable that society will be wronged by denying divorce? The
newspapers every day, in current news, furnish facts upon which
to found a valid argument for divorce as a means of mitigating
human misery. A recent case in this city is in point. The father of
a family, stout and- physically able to work, chose to keep drunk
and idle for nearly a \ear. He omitted any provision for his family,
which seems to have depended upon the exertions of the wife and
mother.
During this time he continually beat and abused the mother
of his children, and ended by seizing his seven months' old baby
and dashing it against^ the wall, breaking its leg. The suffering
mother's remonstrance was answered by a beating that jfeft her
helpless and unconscious. Then, to prevent her tailing a police
man, this husband stripped her of her clothing. By this he also pre
vented the calling of medical assistance for the child he had nearly
killed. If there is anywhere a picture of more abject woe than this
presents it has not been published.
We speak of such things as brutal. But that does gross injus
tice to our fellow beings, the beasts that perish. No brute but. man
is capable of such things. The blood grows hot in contemplating
it and the law seems to fail in adequacy of punishment. But what
will society do about it? Shall a woman be held in bonds to such a
monster? Is the church willing to say that she has no' remedy? Is
society helped by holding such households together? Are the chil
dren subject to such inhuman cruelty better than the young of a
divorced couple? Will society stand by and enforce the claim of
such a monster to his marital rights and his paternal authority? j»
It is unthinkable. There is no answer in pattering about the class
to which such families belong. We are all of one class. The social
obligation knows no class nor kind. The sufferings. of that wretched
wife and mother are part of the social torture and misery. If she
have no escape, then the door of hope is locked against all her sex.
If she can escape, others may avail themselves of the same means. If
society furnish no way out of such a hell, then suicide is the only
remedy. Is it well to encourage that? It is an unfortunate symp
tom of social disease that cases of this kind, let us hope in less de
gree, and of desertion of their families by men, are increasing in
our large cities. What will society and the state and the church
do about it?
COLONIAL ECONOMIC STUDY.'
ASSISTANCE to the acquirement of skill in conducting the
great work which the United States has undertaken for the
Philippine Isknds could no dclpt be obtained by t s*u«ly
of the experiences which the English have gathered in their ex
tensive governmental dealings with alien races. In an address
delivered by the president to the Economic Science and Statistics
Section of the British Association for the Advancement of Science,
in which although he is considering South Africa specifically he
treats of economics in a general way, there are some remarks which
show the necessity of investigating the actual history of past
development in order to help formulate plans for new ones. As
the British • are the greatest colonizers of the world, and as we
are of the same race, and as we are beginners on the art of con
trolling colonies, there are reasons why we should recognize
the value to us of what the British know and think about the
subject. /
The address deals with unconscious assumptions in economics.
Even the assumptions that have been made current by the great
economists who are called classic are liable to mislead when newly
applied to some country that is developing under new conditions.
John Stuart Mill describes political economy as, a N "science which,
assuming the facts of human nature and the physical world, con
siders the laws of production and distribution of wealth." The
president thinks we must limit what we may legitimately assume
as the facts of human nature, for we cannot take for granted that
human nature is the same the world over. We are perhaps not
making allowance enough for nature's preference and purpose for
differentiation.
It is said that we can no longer take for granted that human
lims and activities are becoming closely similar in all parts of the
globe, even for economic purposes. In the consideration of what
the British must do in South Africa he finds that every particular
economic problem presents itself in a new aspect, but says that it
•s a pleasure to thus renew the struggle with an old. difficulty in a
fresh form. The value to us from this address is to note that tliere
is no set of cut and dried economic principles that will serve for
newly developing conditions, and to see the usefulness of the mul
titude of facts British history of colonial efforts furnishes for our
examination. "There is a mass of experience in the past which may
be drawn upon as a help; we may appropriate it and save. ourselves
the expense of buying fresh experience in a costly fashion." " That
experience, however, he says, is not lying about for any one to pick
WHAT is going to be the diet of the superman can probably
be answered only by George Bernard Shaw;, for the number
of cults and fads that are now professing to be reforms in
eating are enough to confuse the best intentioned who /wish to find
the wisest method of linking, via the stomach, the spiritual man
with the material upon which he must base his life. , Writing in
the October CentunV Professor Chittenden tells us of the wonderful
tilings that can be accomplished by alteration from a habit imposed
diet to one that the science of alimentation would show, to be cor
rect.
He opposes not only the common customs of the generality of
people as to eating, but also the standardsset up by dietary, experts.
His ideas are not just theories, for he has been putting them to the
DIET FADS.
THE SAN r FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY/.: OCTOBER 15," 1905.
WILL HE ADOPT THE BABY?
THE SENATE OP BUSINESS
I N the World's Work for October Se-j
I reno S. Pratt draws a startling.com
* parison between the controlling olig
archy of financiers and the Senate
of the United States.* He writes:
The members of the Senate of Business
are the following: John Jacob Astor,
George F. Baker, A. N. Brady, E - . J.
Berwind, W. A. Clark, W. M. Crane,
John H. Converse, J. F.. Dryden, Charles
G. Dawes, James K. Eckles, Marshall
Field, Henry C.'Frick, James B. 'Forgan,
George J. Gould, Jar es J." Hill, E: H. Har->
riman, Edwin Hawley, Adrian _ Iselin,
James N. Jarvie, J. O. Armour, Oliver
Ames, August Belmont;;* Cornelius N.
Bliss. A. J. Cassatt, John Clafflin, T. Jef
ferson Coolidge, Dumont Clarke, Thomas
Dolan, Chauncey M. , Deptw, James vB.
Duke, Henry M. Flagler, James C: Fargo,
E. H. Gary, C. A. ' Griscom John ,R.
Hegeman, H. O. Havemeyer, A. D. Juil
liard, John S. Kennedy. Morris K. Jessup,
J. Pierpont Morgan, R. A. McCurdy, Levi
P. Morton, C. H.'Mackay, C. W.- Morse,
A. E. Orr, Oliver H. Payne, John D.
.Rockefeller H. H. Rogers, - Norman B.
Beam, Jacob H. SchinY , James Speyer,
Russell Sage, Charles M. Schwab, Na
thaniel Thayer, W. K. Vanderbilt, P. A.
test of experiment on men in active life who must/have some very
effective sustainment. .' \ . ' \ ' * \u25a0
The remarkable thing about his teaching is that when the right
kinds and proportions of food are used only about half the. quantities
usually prescribed are necessary to give abundant life. The/people
experimented upon were of various. ages and habits of' life and they
were enabled by the change of diet.to. do their work with" increased
energy and ease. Some of them gained in weight. One of them
won an intercollegiate championship. This particular/ cult is not
wholly vegetarian, but is more inclined that way than is our common
custom. In one of the recommended .meals there is no meat but an
ounce and a half of bacon. The' rest is macaroni, bread, potatoes,
butter, sugar, cream and coffee. The admission of coffee seems to
signify that he is not a fanatic. \u25a0 •', \u25a0 .
In all these various diet fads there is one reform that seems
to be held with some consistency throughout, and that, is that we eat
too much meat. Some extremists say we should use none at all,
and they 'being in the minority will probably not at present' be
heeded very much, but all the reformers favor lessening, the amount
of meat that we now consume. It has not yet been reported whether
their preaching of the gospel of less meat has greatly injured or
even alarmed the beef trust. Perhaps, there is more: hop£ of down-,
ing those barons by abstinence than there is by legislation. "
Whatever be the measure of truth in '\u25a0 these -^"attempts of
science to teach us dietary reform, it must remain true that most
of even the wisest improvements can only be introduced gradually.
W T e are creatures of gradual evolution and our stomachs having be
come adapted to craving and digesting certain kinds of food they
cannot be trained to some other methods with-such celerity as the
mind can be . made to recognize them as scientifically correct. It
will be well though to at least make a beginning in the right direc
tion, and not let half-blind instinct have too much rule. Another
principle that cannot be ignored is that one man's meat is another
man's poison. If you eat a dinner obedient to the ordering of what
some' other man considers ideal, you are likely to pay for your com-"
plaisance with nightmare dreams. J
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
V If the late Ali Baba could return to these sublunary scenes and. attend
the investigation of the. life insurance companies he would be astonished
at the advance which has been made in the profession of .which he was so
distinguished an ornament.— Baltimore Sun. . *
Governor Pennypacker of Pennsylvania says "reformers. in politics are
a disturbing- element." There are a; lot of things;in politics like Penny
packer that need disturbing.— Baltimore Sun. . ;
•'\u25a0 ' ' \u25a0 ' ( ',' \u25a0" . ' " '-. ...,.,:.\u25a0 * ..'. \u25a0 '*•'\u25a0•'\u25a0 ,*.:/. . '•"".. \u25a0.:.-\u25a0 '\u25a0-.-
No one ever questioned. Grover Cleveland's courage, but. his second at
tack'on\woman suffrage shows him to be a^ regular daredevil.— St. Louis
Post-Dispatch.
. . : . \u25a0•.-. - . .-< •. ' . \u25a0_ ; : ' }-,':-•' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'•...;- \u25a0')\u25a0 . '••".'
Policy holders are assured that-they are not referred- to when the, sub
ject of dummies in financial deals "is brought up.— Washington Star.
After the; exposures \m high \u25a0.finance, three-card: monte seems like a; fair
: Man's superstition refuses to work' when he is offered thirteen oysters
for a dozen.— Chicago News. . "."'';' ',
' The only thing you . can tie a good man* down ..with'; is 'an apron -string
- - ' . . - -\u25a0'-> - .'' '> : \u25a0'• \ '' . ; " \u25a0'. ' -, ." \u25a0 ... .:.. -..\u25a0-..-/; \u25a0\u25a0', ."'\u25a0-.'•':'
Valentine,' Henry Walters, Charles Lan
ier," W. H. Moore, John A. McCall, J. J..
Mitchell, Paul Morton,' D. O." Mills, Daniel
O'Day, George W. Perkins, William
Rockefeller, Thomas F. . Ryan, Daniel G.
Reid, James Stillman, S.\<: Shipley,
Samuel Sloan, E. G. 'Simmons, H. McK.
Twonrbly. F. W. Vanderbilt P. A. B.
Widener, •E. F. C. Young. •
These are our business' rulers, 'the men
whom we have by our proxies, as stock
holders;-'elected as the trustees of our
properties.^ They have acquired practical
ly an" oligarchical power. The seventy-six
hold an aggregate of about 1.600 director
ships- in~ stock companies whose capitali
zation stands for the most important—
the ' domiriant-jpart ' ;of J our national!
wealth. John -Moody T- estimates that
the trust power of the . States is
?20,379,000,000. These men* .control that
power and more. They arealso the dom
inant influence in the ' banks'? and trust
companies having deposits of 510.000.000,- :
000 : and a capital '\u25a0 investments of $2,750,
000.000. An analysis of their-, power will
show. that fully one hundred of the great
est railroad, industrial and backing-cor
porations, -with a capitalization, equal to
more than one-fiiui 'of the . nation's
wealth, are controlled by. them:
-—NEW YORK HERALD.
AN ODD INDUSTRY.
There are- many curious sights in a
large cltyKko New York, \u25a0 but few are
more interesting: than the strange- under
ground places -where, with. artificial light
, and poor ventilation, various industries
j are carried on with quite as much sue
! cess as at the more aristocratic "even
; wlth-the-sidewalk" business, stands,
: writes Harriet Quimby in Leslie's Weekly.
;\u25a0 One .- of the most" unusual . features in
this line is the professional dish-lender,
who holds forth in a large cellar in the
thick of the East . Side Ghetto. As the
catertr with his supply of cut-glass, lin
en and china is to the moderately rich,
so is the dish-lender to the. hospitably, in
clined among the wage-earners on "the
lower rungs of the social ladder.. The
dimly-lighted place*, which is 'the base
ment of a six-story tenement, is provided
with a row of shelves' upon which are
tastefully displayed tea and dinner sets
of al! colors and patterns. /A large box
divided off into compartments holds
knives and forks, spoons and a few odds.
Including oyster and ice-cream forks for
the occasional customer, whose slim purse
does not quell the love for style. ' This
curious business place has the patron
age, of over a thousand families,' not only
inithe quarter, but In different parts of
the. city. . - : \u25a0\u25a0
ENGINEERS OF FLYERS.
The engineers who run eighteen-hour
trains and the crack expresses of otlrsr
roads are at the head of their prof« s
slon. They are chosen by seniori< y;
the oldest mancf a grade that qualities
him for such service is offered, the run.
If he wants it he takes- it, if not he
refuses it. j Of course;.he accepts, for to
run.the best train on the line Is a biidg-e
of distinction. It i 3 a; long Journey to
the cab of one of. these 'engines, and
most of the men are well grayed before
they get there, and some are grand
fathers. Pull counts for nothing — ex
cept the pull of a good /record. Here
is the bare outline of the rise of one.
more or less typicaj of the rise of all.
He was a fireman for five years; nowa
days a' man has to fire ten ora dozen
years before he gets his 'engine. Then
he was given a switching engine, and
for years shunted cars about the rail
road yards for long '.hours each day;
then he was promoted : to a slow freight,
and was sometimes on his engine- from
ffve in the morning till eight at night;
then he was promoted to a fast. freight;
then to a local passenger; -then,- by
slow steps, to a through express; and
then the middle of June, >at fifty-one,
to an engine of the eighteen-hour train.
— American Magazine.; .
A BaM SOUL. "
A boy who had -een working in a bak
ershop for some time was just about to
finish his trade. .One night when the
boss iwasgone he bioke the marble slab
he molded his loaves on. So he went
to the marble-yard to secure another, but
could not find one. On his way back, he
passed \u25a0 ar graveyard and as_ it was very
dark \u25a0he jumped over : and " pulled up a
email 'headstone, about .the right size ' and
took it. back and finished his job. "The
next day, : after ' the bread had been de
livered, nearly all. of it was sent back.
The baker . looked at it and broke sev
eral loaves open, but nothing
wrong. V Then-he happened to turn one
of the. loaves over and,; found on' the un
der.side of.'every loaf the inscription:
"Here lie's the body of .Mrs. — — -. \u25a0•"\u25a0\u25a0 Born
A. D. 16824 died A; D. 1740."— Lipplncott's.
TRADE ADVANTAGES
A moemaker is the whole-souled man
and generally .well •> 'heeled. . , .
A baker, can always ?raise' : the dough. ,
A butcher^can usually contrive to make
both ends meet. V \u25a0:\u25a0 t
A hatter Js ; sure to be a block ahead
of all other men. . '
A huckster has no trouble with the po
lice in making a good living out of green
goods.* \u25a0 / .-'. ; ;\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0;' ; \u25a0":'.:!. - J •.\u25a0.•-.'•;
- A • baby. . carriage manufacturer never
falls to; push his , business. ,
>A \ hairdresser, as • a rule, does /a thriv
ing business :in combination "locks. .
A newspaper man. rarely fails, to get-bis
paper^on the street. ;.'.
An electrician Is always posted, on cur-,
rent topics.— Baltimore American.
> "TRIVAL/idoTTEHrAMYWAY."
I The first slice ;\u25a0 of goose '•• been cut
Vnd ; ! the 'minister;:; of £ the~ Zlon Church
; looked : at : it with as \u25a0 keen anticipation " as
was * displayed in ; the faces ; around him. -:<
3 ;; " t'Dat's : as ; fine a * goose ? as ' I ; ever saw,
Brudderi \u25a0William's," ,h, he KBaldK 8ald Uo his -host:
"Wheredidjyougetsuch-a fine one?"
J.. V Well,-"' now/ Mlstah" Rawley,". saldf the
carver jof the goose, with a' sudden access
of "when r - you ; preach ia \u25a0 spt clal
good ' sermon I : neber. axes \u25a0 you -where you
gotit. "• Seems "to' me'dat's'a^tri v'al mat
ter,any way. "': « V '^zo&g£M
THE LAND OF GOING-TO-BE
A. J. WATERHOUSE.
""THERE'S a wonderful-land where the. waters play
]-' -On a white, bright strand that is far away;
And the ripples "sing as they kiss the shore
A song* tKat is, sweet as a dream of yore;
And the pleasant paths forever are trod
By the ones who smile to the smile of God,
As .they patiently wait by the silvery strand
For voyagers borne from the earthly land;
And to greet them there;
And that haven of peace my soal shall see f
For it is the Land of Going-to-Be.
MY course is uncharted: the storms beat hleh.
And the voice .of the wind is an eerie sign;
My compass is broken; my sails are torn,
And hither and thither my bark is borne. .
Yet I know right well that the Pilot knows
The floundering course that my shallop goes,
. And still. in my dreams the bourne I see
And hear the promise it waits for me. ;
Sails a-flutter,
And shattered the mast,
I shall anchor safe,
I With the voyage past.
All safe from the rage of the mist-mantltd 'Sea,
In the beautiful Land of Going-to-Be.
*P HERE are loved whom I lost in t day that It gone,
I .' But they stand on that strand In the light of the da-^n.
And still through the shadows they whisper to me,
"Come over, come over the billowy sea,
For the light of His smile is the light of ottr dayi.
And the song in our hearts is an anthem of praise.
And ever, forever, storm-beaten and tossed,
,1 know that my shallop shall never be lost;
Dismantled, dismasted,
And torn by the blast,
It shall ride on the tide
Of the haven at last.
For over the spume of the storm-beaten sea,
I ride to the Land of the Going-to-Be.
MOLDING YOUNG MINDS
ANGELA MORGAN
MUCH interest 'is being manifested by thoughtful people to-day In th*
subject of- hypnotism as an aid in the training of children.
Recently a woman physician of New York aroused considerable press
comment by dcv larinsr that mothers, in order to cure their offspring of unde
sirable traits and wayward tendencies, should train themselves to b« hypnotists.
The !dea was treated seriously by some exchanges and lightly by others, and
was doubtless dismissed by the majority of mothers who read of it v some
thing too ridiculous and fantastic to consider with any gravity.
If these mothers only realized ft. the main principle underlying this •eem
ingly amusing theory deserves the earnest attention of every parent In the land.
: I do not agree with this woman physician that mothers should hypnotlza
their "children: at least, I should not so express my belief. I would say, rather,
that every mother study the laws of suggestion and train her children
to help themselves by the proper use of auto-suggestion. By this mean 3 a child
may: be taught to develop into just the sort of character the mother wishes
it to bo. \u25a0\u25a0„ . , \u25a0 . " <"
As it goes without saying that every normal mother wants her child to b«
brave strong, healthy and happy, it would be the object of the mother In ap
plying these laws to give her offspring only ;such- suggestion? as would encour
age bravery, strength, health, happiness and all good tral* .
By systematically giving a child "suggestions of positive good, the child in
turn is enabled to give himself the right sort of auto-suggestions—self-sugges
tions or self-Impressions.
This does not mean that the parent obtains "control" of th« child's mind:
nor does it mean that any mysterious power- Is Invoked or supernatural agency
employed. The mother who uses suggestion in training her children is simply
recognizing a natural law: a law which to-day is admitted by psychologists to
be one of the greatest forces in nature.
Whether conscious of ; the fact or not, mothers, every day of their lives,
are employing this- force in the -training of the young. Every mother, by
w»rds sDoken in the presence of her offspring, by looks, smiles, frowns, ges- b
tures— indeed, by her. entire attitude— uses suggestion, either adverse or favor
able.' in molding their characters. . '
What is the secret of the' "bad", child? Listen to this dialogue of the nursery:
You have heard something like it, haven't you?
Mother (to interested relative)— l'm sure I don't know what I shall do with
Bobby. He's getting to be a regular little terror. Every day I se« his father's
temper developing fn him. - and you know from the first we could see he» was
marked with his Uncle Bob's - headstrong disposition. I believe the boy inherits
'all a the -.bad traits in the family combined. %
"Interested Relative (sighing heavily)— Well, Mary, you certainly have your
hands 'full in training him. You'll have to employ firmness witn that child.
What happens? Bobby, in th«» corner, ears wide open. Is smitten with the
consciousness that he Is branded; accursed: a "bad, bad boy." Naturally bad.
..And what is the secret of the good child? Listen to the continuation o<
the nursery,' dialogue:, . ..
Mother (cheerfully)— Eut there is Susie, now— bless her! As obedient and good
as a lnmb. . I never have to tell her. twice to do anything 1 . She Just naturally
wants to be good. She's just like her dear, beautiful Aunt Ida. She'll be just
such a character when she's grown. -> »
And Susie? Sitting in her little armchair, she feels her whole small being
glow with the consciousness that she is a good child. Ever after the actions of
these two - children are influenced by the suggestions given in the nursery. And
as these are > repeated day after day, their characters are shaped accordingly.
"Thought is a positive dynamic force and takes form in action." says Dr.
Herbert A. Parkyn in that wonderful little book of his, "Auto-Suggestion." And
he says further: "A young child's mind Is very much like a barrel, so far as
its first impression? are concerned. Its mind is an empty thing, waiting to be
filled with any kind of Impressions, and the impressions of childhood are by
far the most lasting." \ • ( i
Parents, if you want your children to be happy, healthy, brays and strong,
give them the suggestions that will make them so.
DEALING WITH A SULTAN
THE story of an interview that once took place between Mrs. Reader
and the Sultan of Johore, India, Is thus related by Juliet Wllbor
Tompklns in her. continuation of the history of "Ella Rawls Reader.
Financier," in the October Everybody's:
"She named' her conditions; the right to issue $5,000,000 worth of 5 per
cent bonds. 120.000 acres of land extending along the 120 miles of track.
tin mines— but here royalty demurred a little, he thought he would keep
all the tin mines. For the first' time the young contractor slipped into
v- feminine processes of reasoning and set aside for a moment the urgent
business-full enthusiasm of the promoter for the dismay of the human,
girl "who sees her pet project in danger of failure.
"'But you are so rich, you know you don't need all those "mines.' sh«
' argued, 'and we do!'
"The Sultan' conceded the mines. From an Oriental polntof view the
experience was perhaps cheap at. the price. He conceded the $5,000,000
worth of bonds, the 120.000 acres of land. At the end of their three hours'
talk Ella Rawls had in her possession a $5,000,000 dollar Contract to
' build a railroad across the State of Johore, and its ruler had secured, on .
fair terms, a means to wealth and civilization the need of which, could no ..
longer be Ignored. She had come to him at the psychological moment. •
*•-- when the cbntract'.was ripe for giving; she had shown herself clear-head- \u25a0
ed and resolute, master of the facts and frankly open In her statements;
.she had demanded much,\knowing the value of what she gave, but there
'had been no sign of sharpness, of trying to steal an advantage. No doubt
\u25a0 to a man accustomed to be approached by indirect methods, by arif t3 and
flatteries, there was a wholesome convincingness 'in this novel experience,
a welcome promise of good faith. At all events, he accepted freely and
wholly." \u25a0 \u25a0 \ -.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
PANAMA CANAl>— Subscriber, City.
Work on the ' Panama canal by the
French company, with De Lesseps at
the head, was commenced In 1880.
SING SING— OId Subscriber, City! The
name.of) Sing Sing., a town in the State
of New York, .is ;of Indian, origin and
means ''stone : upon stone." Another
statement 13 " that the, name is , a corrup
tion of the Indian word "ossinlng," a
stony place. 11*11
POPULATION— A: S., City. The fol
lowing figures from the ,Cen3U3 Bureau
show, the population in- the cities named
in letter of inquiry as appears by the
census ai, 1900 and by figures obtained
In 1903: •
i Cities. 1900. 1903.
New Y0rk. ......3,437,202 • 3.716.139
Chicago"..;.. ...1,698,575 - 1,873.880
\u25a0Philadelphia -....1,293.697 ,1.367.716
St. x Loui s:....::. 575.585 . 612.279
Boston h•• • • •"• • • 560,892 594,618
San Francisco::.' 342.782 355.919
JOURNALIST — Reader, City. "A
young man-who is>mbitious to become
a journalist and is ambitious to become
the publisher:* of ,a^ newspaper I .'- should
serve 7 - an ''apprenticeshlp'in" the .business
office of . a '\u25a0'. metropolitan journal, .then
serve as a reporter for a few years and
if he is observant he may learn some
thing to fit him for the duties of a
publisher.
WEARING BADGES— H.. City. Ther«
is a, law of this State which makes it
a misdemeanor for any one to wear a
Grand Army of "the Republic badge who
is not entitled to wear, the same. In
addition to this there is the following.
which was added to the Penal Code and
which became a law without the Gov
ernor's signature, March 11,-. 139?: "Any
person who willfully wears the badge,
lapel button, rosette or other recognized
of any 'secret society, order or
organization, or uses the same to ob
tain aid or assistance within this State,
unless entitled to wear the same, under
the; constitution, by-laws or rules and
regulations or other laws or enactment
of such order, or society, is guilty of a
misdemeanor." \u25a0 \u25a0 -\ ' '
Townsend's California glace fruitsliJ
and choicest -candles in artistic fire-
etched boxes. New.: store. 767 Market. • *
, Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Call«
fornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. *PILLORY OF KING OF PETROLEUM
AND SOME OTHER STORIES
"THE GIANTS' is tiie title of a new
novel by a California \u25a0woman, Mrs. Fre
mont Older, who is not wholly a new
novelist, for she is the author of "The
Socialist and the Prince." The hero of
her new stcry i^ named Jack and he is
a Jack the Giant Killer in the modern
ized sense of destroying a monster Of
monopolistic oppression. Jack is a law
yer and kills the g:ant in a legal battle
that ends by the monopolist of oil going
to Jail in disgrace. It is not a fairy
story except that the chiefly offending
giant, to wit. the King of Petroleum, gets
safely jailed by Jack in the tlction,
whereas, for a fact, we know he is still
free to go outdoors and owns nearly all
of it.
We do not positively know whether the
. King of Petroleum ought to be slain by
lawyer .-trong and clever enough to
Ji»e modern Jack the Giant Killer, but we
know there is so much popular prejudice
against the great monopolist that even to
destroy him tietitiously will be applauded
by the multitude as a poetic justice de
voutly to bo wished. So to see him pulled
down will be a sort of temporary stay
ing at the appetite for the real thing—
of tbe actual auwnfall which the devout
wisuers may satisfy themselves with hop
ing the book truly predicts. There is
a trim satisfaction in hanging a man in
ffligy. Mrs. Older's new novel will give
just that sort of satisfaction to those
who di<=!ike the man and the methods of
the gigantic petroleum trust.
The author never in her novel names
the name that superlatively associates
itself in the mind wnh the thought of the
greatest of till the giants who have
oppressed by petroleum monopoly; but it
is hardly necessary. The motif of her
no\ei is to smite a man who has been
put in pillory of public condemnation for
destroying tree competition in the pe
iroieum industry; and for being the arch
nen.J ot the rebate iniquity; to make him
a fixed figure "lor the hand of scorn to
point her slowly moving ringer at." and
encourage pelting him with any old fling.
She cahs this ttfigy Jabez Kand and
makes a monster ot him. Meanwhile the
old man v.i the piilory flings back, for
reply to the public, certined checks of
vast value— ten million dollars the latest
uoc was, for educational and charitable
purposes. Dear God: that's a drama.
"Hit him again, he's got no friends."
It was Ida Tarbell who hit so hard
W^s similitude In a two-volume work, in
the man in the pillory is dis
tinctly labeled Rockefeller. That work
was history, or at least purported to
be history. A writer in the North
American Review. G. 11. Montague, law
yer, editor. Harvard man, with a degree
of A. B. sumraa cum laude, author of
"The Rise and Progress of the Standard
Oil Company," of the Harvard graduate
school and winner of the Ricardo prize
in economics, virtually denies that Miss
Tarbell's work is history. lie satirically
speaks of her conclusions as "The
Legend of the Standard Oil." "Legend,"
indeed', that's enough to make the Tar
beliites sit up aad listen. If you go to
the libraries to settle the question by
noting how they hay« classified the im
portant two volumes you get left. It
is not classified as history, nor is it
put among the legends and myths. It
Is rightly catalogued as chemistry and
shelved in the oil regions. Mr. Mon
tague and Miss Tarbell can there fight
out the question of the historicity of
the history of the Standard oil. The
cataloguer magnanimously waives the
issue. It is as dangerous to fool with
big public prejudices as it is to play
with gunpowder, and more perilous still to
tackle authenticity and pride of author- j
ship. Besides there's conscience, you
know. But certain — it's about oil, and
oil will smooth all troubled waters.
Now, if one is inclined to be v gam
bler, it would be a not wholly reck
less lay to bet that "The Giants" is
based on a sincere faith in Tarbell be
.V g history. "The Giants," however,
ff.il be classified as fiction. The quan
rfary between, legend shelf and history
shelf is not for it. If the North Amer
ican Review reviewer tears Ida Tar
bell's book's authenticity to tatters,
then that is for Miss Ida to confute;
but "The Giants" is still fiction In name
and claim, and the right to be absurdly
sternly reckoned with as to historicity
end the true, bona fide portraiture of
the most remarkable commercial per
sonage and puzzling sociological study
of this age is thus waived.
To do justice to a book of this kind
is a much more complicated task than
the reviewing of a work that is clear
cut either way — purely imaginative
fiction or straight history or biography.
There is a much more puzzling- un
known quantity of moral responsibil
ity attached to it. Not nearly so much
as attaches to the writing of such a
novel, but nevertheless a persistently
questioning unknown quantity;.. "The
Giants." as well as Tarbell's history of
the Standard Oil, are evidently con
scientious attacks on an evil commer
cial system, and a man whom a large
part of the public believes to be a
eondemnably unscrupulous perfecter of
that system and cruelly militant ap
piler of the same. "The Giants" bold
ly and cleverly follows *up with the
dramatic force of attack there lies !n
strong fiction the battle the Tarbell
history had begun. To what extent
-Jfaat fiction portrait of a great petrol
jb±'i magnate is based on original re
search, and to what extent the as
sumption is presumption that it is based
on Tarbell's challenged conclusions,
are questions, which to thoroughly
know would be to much simplify the
public's problem of Just the fair
amount of appreciation to measure out
to "The Giants." Just considered as a
novel, and a novel only, it is excellent,
and will be of far more than ordinary
Interest, but if In addition to that merit
it gives us an authentically based por
trait of a personality who is just now
of vast economic and sociologic Impor
tance to all the world, and with right
deductions and true Intuitions and
sensible imagination fills out the por
trait until It becomes that fine quality
of fiction which Byron says is truer
than history, then "The Giants" is en
titled to be received by the reading
public with the interest due an extra
ordinary work. On the face of it the
book seems to be making a bold bid J
for the extraordinary ! interest that j
would attach to such a more than mere '
fiction story. 1
As to whether ' the God's creature in
the case Is characterized to our profit
able enlightenment or caricatured . to
the bedarkenlng increase of our preju
dices ia a writ-large Interrogation
point which the hand of Conscience
puts on the book's back, and Art also
wants to know about that matter and
underscores the query sign. If some
lnerrant Justice could answer that the
picture is conscience true — art true,
• then "The Giants" deserves a multitu
dinous reading ajid a gigantic .success,
-tfj* the great financier portrayed there
of is a monster whom the public
should have their. indignation aroused
against until they destroy him and the
commercial system he supremely rep
resents. To try to be Just to this God's
creature though, as well as to the 1
book, must give us pause, for he may
not be wholly financial fiend incarnate,
but simply the superlative product of
this age of individualistic philosophy:
and be endeavoring to live like a
Christian gentleman as nearly as is
practically profitable in an environ
ment where competition reigns su
preme.
In this effort to be fair it should not
be forgotten that the North American
Review writer, Montague, he who thinks
Ida Tarbell has embodied in her book,
"The Legend of the Standard Oil," uses
about it such expressions as this: "Fail
ure to examine the evidence and careless
disregard of facts that oppose common
tradition are serious defects in a his
tory." And this: "Episodes which have
been shown to be without foundation, but
which Miss Tarbell repeats In the be
lief, apparently, that even a statement
proved untrue, if quoted widely enough,
acquires tho auality of evidence." So
much jus»t to warn the readers of the
novel that in enjoying its full worth as a
story they must remember there are two
opinions about the iniquity of the Pe
troleum King. The conclusion of the
Tarbell book is so fine in its evident de
sire to be ethical and "The Giants" is
so celever as a story and so sincere in its
enthusiasm to dramatically show ud a
great evil, it would be comfortable to,
Pilate-like, wash one's hands of the
quandaries of the matter, and since, in
regard to the Petroleum King, the cry
is crucify himf Crucify-' htm! then say,
if he deserves It,' bravo, literary lances,
errant, brave and bright; but If, per
: chance, the donative old mart- is, after'
all, more benevolent than villainous, why
then, his blood be on the heads of Ida
Tarbell and Mrs. Older.
The story represents the hero. Jack Ire- !
ton, as being incensed against the oil
monopoly when he was a mere boy in
California, because his father's fortune
was destroyed by the squeeze-out meth
ods of the "Model Improvement Com
pany," and his father killed by the set
ting afire of some great oil tanks, this
incendiarism being supposed to be the
work of the oil magnate's confidential
agents. There is a very pretty love af
fair runs through the book. This love
affair, it was Ireton's, came very, very
near getting its currents turned awry be
cause of the machinations, temptations
and clever lies of a beautiful woman, who
is represented as being a quondam mis
tress of the great Petroleum King in his
younger years. She has preserved her
beauty Into the thirties and then, being
super-sophisticated, she nearly succeeds
in making young Ire ton a slave of her
charms.
The description of the culminating
effort of this ex-mistress of Jabeaf Rand
to tempt the puritanical Jack Ireton is
the strongest, finest thing in the novel.
Next to a striking cleverness in invent
ing expressions comes the descriptions
of environing scenery. The temptress
scene is the best art shown. It's a
Kundry and Parsifal episode about as
good as anybody could do. Reina. the
j temptress of the story, almost out-Kun
\u25a0 dries Kundry In that she .has that en
slaving charm of so fastening herself in
a man's imagination that the fantasy of
her- stays with him conquerlngly, long
after he has left her physical presence,
making herself a vivldly : imaged delight
that can pass through locked doors, and
so be ever imperiously present and. wak
ing or dreaming, beyond the man's power
to dismiss her. Here Is a description of
Ireton after he had won a moral victory
over Reina:
"It was easy to mount the stairs, to
turn the key in the door, but he could
not bar the presence of 'the woman: it
had entered with him. and clung around
his neck, gighed on his lips and mad
dened him. All that night he lay trem
bling on her soft, white shoulders, and
In the morning jjun the nymphs were
still dancing in his room."
(D. Appleton & CoJ, New York.)
Story of Wagner's'
Platonic Affection
•
"Loves of the Great Composers," no
doubt, by means of the research and
thought necessary for Its composition
helped to prepare its author, Gustav
Kobbe, for the writing of his new book,
"Wagner and His Isolde." To people who
are neither musicians nor interested
students of romantic amours it may be
necessary to say that the Isolde of. this
title does not refer to the woman of his
great opera, but to the famous musician's
real Isolde of flesh and blood and beauti
fully incarnated poetic emotions, the wife
of his one-time friend. Otto Wesendonk,
the Mathilde who wrote dream poems
which Wagner ', set to music, the lady,
admiration and affection for whom di
rectly inspired his superlative creation,
"Tristan and Isolde," and indirectly all
of his greater operas, the mistress of his
life-long platonic love— in one word, his
Beatrice.
It is, however, a far flight downward
f rojn the high sentiment of Dante's
platonic love for . the blessed Beatrice
to the almost comically mixed senti
ment and sentimentality of the platonic
passion of Wagner, the husband of
the prosaic but fierce Minna, for Ma
thllde, the wife of the unpoetic but
prudently wise Otto Wesendonk. The
love affair was a right noble thing In a
way, both parties -to It were , pure, and
the net result of it was flecked by some
scandal but blotched by no gross : sin,
a srreat masterpiece ' of : world-delurht-
" - '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .. . '. \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"-. ..' \u25a0-*- "' ', '.'-•:- *\u25a0* ' .' '\u25a0-'\u0084
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER -15, 1905.
ing art, born of this 'amour that was of
the mind and soul only. Stlll'there
were absurdities to it that make one
smile with a little less than the perfect
reverence we would like to give to. a
more completely sensible and unalloyed
platonlc passion. If one were going to
sermonize over the* love letters and the
most intimate revelations of. this new
book, and sought a text therefor, one
might be found in a sentence from a
beautiful prayer published in the. fa
mous comic paper, Life, of New York,
on the 2d of June, 1904. It is a prayer
that might bo universally used, for it
is utterly undogmatic and will appeal
to every one, religious or irreligious,
who wishes to be. thoroughly sensible
and thoroughbredly game. Some frag
ments may serve to recall the whole,
which is well worth the remembering:
"O POWERS That Be, make me sufficient
to my own occasions. Teach me-, to
kndw and to observe the Rules of the
Game. • • * Let me never lack
pride, or a due sense of humor. * •••
Help, me not to cry for the moony. • *.*
never to dramatize my spiritual dis
comforts. •.-, • •. Deliver me from
emotional excess. Deliver me from
atrophy of the emotions. • • •
Grant me \u2666 • • to distinguish
sharply between sentiment and senti
mentality, cleaving to the one and de
spising the other." \u25a0
The comment suggested by that text
on Wagner's love letters to a married
woman and the conduct of his j platonic
passion for her is that he did not dis
tinguish sharply enough between senti
ment and sentimentality: that evidently
he did not pray hard enough to be . de
livered from . emotional excess ; that -he
cried too much for the moon; that in his
philandering with another man's wife
whilst -he left his own wife love-neg
lected, he did • not thoroughbredly regard
the Rules of the Game. The single fact
that Otto Wesendonk, with a magnanimi
ty of almost absolute trust, allowed; him
the prlvikge of cultivating and enjoying
an Intellectual and sentimental friendship
with his wife should have held him aloof
from getting so love-sick as to say silly
things to her, and Wagner, shows a sad
insufficiency of . knowing and observing
the Rules of the Game. But, O POWERS
That Be, perhaps, we had! better pardon
the mite of sentimentality, that ' seems in
bad taste in view of what is solemnly
vouched for as a fact— that the pure sen
timent of this sexual ,but unsensual
friendship produced a miracle of operatic
art which is among the world's priceless
possessions. One of the last things Wag
ner wrote to Mathllde Is:- "That 'I, should
have composed .'Tristan' I owe |to you,
and I thank you from the depths of my
heart in all eternity." In the' presence
of the confession of a passion like that,
the outpouring of a gratitude great as
that, and -from a man acknowledged to
be; a genius wno wrought his most ex
alted emotions Jnto an enduring art-form
and gave them to be added. to humanity's
sum. of invaluable beatitudes, carping
criticisms must be reverently dumb.
Still we are perhaps not hypercritical
if we. wonder if that grand thing'might.
not have been done, and t:. even.; more
grandly done, ; if the •' spiritual 'wrong
against Wagner's wife ' had been { more
tactfully, more > tenderly 3 alleviated^to'
only the absolute amount that -fate in
flicts beyond all human 'planning, and
willing.' Poor, ' plain/; industrious, .un
musical, unpoetic, unintellectual Minna!
we must feel; some: sympathy for.jher,
although Wagner had . none. I '^Whatever
may be .the .world's finaH Judgment of
the propriety, of t this platonic loveaf
fair, Minna did not think It was proper,
and ; she - angrily.% protested; agninst;: It.
There is some rjch; rare reading about
Minna's \u25a0>_ part' \ in '\ this tthe
love , of ' a \u25a0 great and ; I \u25a0: wish
ever, so much fierce Minna; whom
ncr, reprimands for, not: restraining* her
"vengeful .violence,'.'; had^een^a literary
person,.- so \u25a0 she • could'"',"pa in t ' theHhing
as she sees Mt, . for the t God £ of ; : things
as they are." .? Thank rGod,** we r have,
some f racments of ; her - opinions, and/
ILLUSTRATION PROM "TALES FROM SHAKESPEARE." BY CHARLES AND I
. . MART i LAMB. IMPORTED *FROM ENGLAND BY CHARLES SCRIBNER'S I
SONS, AND BROUGHT OUT IN ARTISTIC FORM BY THE PUBLISHERS. I
they are picturesque. Remember that
in this affair Wagner and Mathilde are
virtually the Tristanand Isolde of the
opera,- and "then consider this, Minna
was mad, very, very mad, and as. Wag
ner would express it, "vengefully vio
lent," and she criticized ' the grand
opera with t^his outburst of. a Justly
jealous heart: "Tristan and Isolde are a
nasty, lovesick pair!" After that, need
we inquire too inquisitively what was
her private estimate of the characters
of Herr Wagner and Frau Mathllde.
The little bookild absorbingly inter
esting. 7 - Principally, perhaps, as . a
study of the pathology of art creation.
Subrbrdinately as .* a comedy of V the
foibles of genius. Mathllde must be al
lowed to pass. unscathed, a -pure, sym
pathetic ..and intellectual [ woman — a
very high example; of that ; divinely
sent Inspiration to y man via: its incar
nation in charming womanhood, which'
Goethe has " expressed, aa ."the. eternal
feminine, leadin g man upward and on
ward." To close 1 1 willi give - you • some
extracts from Mathilde's poem, called
"Dreams," which Wagner set to music,
and which became: the ;germ of • the
great' love duet in the 'second act, of
Tristan , and: Isolde." As -you read it I
wish to , call your attention <to the
asseveration of Wagner that his master
creation, the one : he" thought- was a
miracle and wondered how it was pos
sible for him to have composed.'jwas'a
story, not of consummation; but of re
nunciation: -^. \u25a0'-_ ,'V. * - '- \u0084-'\u25a0
- DREAMS. . ; ;
Visionn every hour bringing . .
Heaven's message near and nearer; -
Blossoms, from a heart upsprlnglng, ?.
Radiance shedding ever clearer. ,
Visions ever wider, ranging, : \u25a0
Glorious as a = sun ne'er \u25a0 Betting,
Ecstacy. complete,; unchanging. \. \u25a0.
All-remembering.", all-forgetting!
And ; each : flower's \u25a0' tehaer blossom, , •
While exhaling- fragrant breath.
Like a twilight in thy bosom. ". v
- -.- Fades to silent, ! rapturous death ! r. :.
CDodd, " Mead: & Co., Ne.w^York).
Artistic Edition
for Young America
'. Multitudes of .young people In America'
will -be .'deeply grateful Ito Charles Scrib'-"
ner's Sons, ; publishers, of «NeWj- York, "for
their ' enterprise in « importing „' an fartistta
edition 'of > that ; Btandard work, "Tales
from Shakespeare: by Charles and Mary
Lamb," which is ;. beautifully Illustrated
by \u25a0 Norman M. Price. Moreover, multi
tudes of grown people will be exceeding
thankful, especially : during \ next , month
_when thoughts of swiftly coming. Christ
mas make each, one tap his forehead .per
plexedly to find an answer to the query;
whatever shall I get to give to that good
child I love to see so merry when Merry
Christmas , comes. For if the kid is
dawningly. enlightened enough to compre
hend that Shakespeare is one of the com
ing: good things oi: intellectual' delight to
help make life, well worth the living, and
that . Charles Lamb is one of the great
appreclators and , exemplars tof English
undented, r then the adults by whom that
kid isjbeloved need puzzle their heads no
longer*. ' about .'. what 'to' instruct' Santa
Claus to brlngfor, a holiday gift. -' •
- It will.be quite too, for old
people to read* agaih these selections
from j Shakespeare simplified into .short
prose -tales by 'the : rare literary .talent
cf two", such ; minds as : the Lambs put
into that Job doubly, lovingly— for they
loved .the: workmanship of the great
master of English whose drama would
be %in the V: simile ' Saint Paul too
strong/ meat | for; the young, and at the
samettime'. they love the young too well
to r make them wait- long for thV.'.won
drous; witchcraft of his .words:, and
therefore reverently :. transsubstantlate
Shakespeare's ;* strong ' meat' : ; into the
sweet milk their.; young \u25a0 stomachs can
stand luntil" by that ;:nourlshment.. they
grow .., great enough -in spirit \ for their
guardians "\u25a0 to allow V them .to ;- take,
"mark, learn and inwardly: digest," ' the
strong- stuff direct * from th* * un-Bowd
lerized page of ; the. great master. It_
will also be good for .young ladles — *
that jis.'t ones ; who ; are ' so , quite, \u25a0 quite
young as to need ;to' see Shakespeare's
beauties s and 'grandeurs s all eliminate
0f ..-", any: Jeast -splotch . of clownish
coarseness.' ;. : It ; seems • evident \u25a0 from the
preface \u25a0to j the * book £ that in ' the days
when s Charles >. aridPMary \u25a0 Lamb . lived,
'and'=loyed,; : and ;read and ;.wrote, 'young
ladies were' not allowed • to , read Shake
speare Just exactly as he wrote it down
for good Queen Bess' sophisticated soul
and ? others ':\u25a0 curious jto . know ; how • the
tender, passion '.would affect a' nature as
' gross fas old' Jack rFalstaff 's. 'K The pre- ".
face" expects young-gentlemen tol read
the /originals, v and r, then .to } help % outu t
their j ; young :J: J sisters in the enjoyment
of - Shakespeare : ; J ; by :. reading " .to "-" them
such choice ; passages;. from, the dramas
as -will \u25a0 add v to - their ; interest $ia the
prose tales as given by the Lambs. . .
That preface is a pretty thing. It
says that the. "Tales- are meant to be
submitted to the young : reader as an
introduction to the study of Shakes
peare, for which purpose his words are
used whenever it seemed possible to
bring them in; • * diligent care has
been taken to select such words as
might least Interrupt the effect of the
beautiful English tongue in which he
wrote" * * "it was the only way in
which could be given to them a few
hints . and .a little foretastes of the
great pleasure which awaits them in
their elder years." • . • "It is hoped
that no worse effect will result than
to make them. wish themselves a little
.older, that they may be allowed to
read the. plays at full length (such a
wish will be neither peevish nor ir
rational)." Consider this closing para
graph of the preface; if it has been
twice read before it can be trebly
read with still a thrill of admiring ap
preciation for an appreciation:
"What these tales shall have been
to the young readers,, that and much
'more it is the writer's wish that the
true plays of Shakespeare . may prove
to " them in older years — enricher% of
the' fancy, 'strcngtheners of virtue, a
withdrawing from all selfish and mer
cenary thoughts and actions, to teach
courtesy... benignity, generosity, hu
manity;, for of examples, teaching
these virtues, his pages are fujl." , .
Mention must be emphasized ' of the
fine Illustrations by Norman M. Price.
There are a score. ot them in colors,
full page anTi- large page at that. One
of the best of them is of Imogen in her
bedroom asleep,- whilst the villain,
lachimo, is Just lifting the lid of the
trunk in which he Is concealed. The
picture S shows the beautiful bracelet,
love gift of her husband, on that love
ly arm which he had called "fairest of
prisoners" when he placed It there as
"manacle" to bind her to his heart for
ever. The picture will help us to re
member that as lachimo stole the af
fection treasured, .pledge- token jewel
from the wrist of this true wife, des
tined to suffer so undeservedly from
slander, he spoke his purpose thus:
Come off, come off :
As slippery as the Gordian knot was hard*
'Tls mine; and this will witness outwardly.
As strongly as the conscience does within,
• To the madding of her lord.
The story of Cymbclene is a fine sample
of the way- in which the Lambs can make
the strong things of Shakespeare simple
enough to be understood by young peo~
pie, and yet retain a glow of beauty
round the prose outline he lets "the
youngsters hear. Here Is a passage that
tells of the parting when Imogen's father
banished her young husband:
"Imogen and Posthumous took %> a most
affectionate leave of each other. "Imogen
gave her husband a diamond ring, which
had been her mother's, and Posthumous
promised never to part with the ring; and
he fastened a bracelet on the arm of his
wife, which he begged she would preserve
with great care, as a token of his love;
they then bid each other farewell with
many, vows o*f love and fidelity.
"Posthumous fell into company at
Rome with some gay young men of dif
ferent nations, who were talking freely
of ladies: each one praising the ladies of
his own country, and his own mistress.
Posthumous^ who had ever -his own dear
lady, in his mind, affirmed that his wife,
the fair Imogen, was the most virtuous,
wise and constant l^dy.in the world."
(Imported by Charles . Scribner's Sons,
New York; $2.60. . \
Cheney's Poems Are
Gathered Together
.John "Vance Cheney, the California
writer whose poems are so widely pub
lished In nearly all the leading . maga
zines, has just published a collection of
his sprightly verses, gathered from vari
ous , sources. The title is very brief—
VPoems," by- John Vance Cheney. The
many -who j have been pleased, and* may
hap of ten cheered, by his style of "short,
swallow flights of song," as they wing by
on blessed pages of periodic literature,
will be glad to get this flock of them to
be \u25a0 admired all In a bunch. 1 California
must be ever grateful to Chen«y for hav
ing Written | that pure golden thing. '.'Our
Flower,'', in ' praise/ of the eschscholtzia.
Here are some samples from his new
book: ".- -, \u25a0 .'• '['. . ]': . \u25a0"\u25a0 I- 1 \u25a0\u25a0 ..<
BY AND BY.
At last, somewhere; some happy day,
The bliss. will. round us lie;
For all in a joyous way
• ,To follow by and by.
'Tls taught by every star that wheels,
By every flower that blows,
By all a young heart feels, -\u25a0
By all an old heart knows. .'
. \u25a0 -• - > - _• \u25a0 • ."\u25a0- .•-\u25a0.•-.-.
: LOVE AND ' GRIEF.
"Would st hear strange music only the dreamer
:\u25a0 : ';\u25a0 \u25a0_-. knows, >;\u25a0;• - ' - ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•-.[ \u0084 . \u25a0:.--\u25a0.-.
Breath- sweeter than breathing of winds that
\u25a0 \u25a0 have been with the rose?. ' \u25a0
"VVouldst , ccc j strange light that deep in the
'\u25a0-•'----"shadow plays, - - \u25a0• - .
Wouldst pluck . the . secret from . out the heart
of the days?
Then- follow , Love and "that other wh» feeds
on -her sweet;. -.'• V:
Yea, follow; Love and Grief, and fall low at
their ;feet. -.-, -'i' ' \u25a0 \u25a0• •• " % V -'. \u25a0
.-.--- \u25a0 • •:\u25a0.•-..•
, \u25a0 THE LOST 50UL. ..". .',.,. -.
A lone soul "came, to ; Heaven's hard gate.
" ; Low at . the warder's feet \u25a0 *he \ fell :
Sobbing.' she said she had not knocked so late
•'__. But for the many . roads to Hell. v \u25a0
Stroking her bowed, uxunothered head
Up spoke the good oM warder Rray : .
•This child, too fair, high up let her b« led.
Past them that never lost th? way."
••. • •
TO TIIK DREGS. :~V:,'
Love's lips or the betrayer's kiss,
Drink.-nor despair:
The fate.i fix neither bane nor bliss
Too great to bear.
Literary Notes.
THE WHITE ROSS AND THE REDe
(Gardens of Taj Mahal Tomb, India}.
'Ne'ath the moon and stars, aglow.
Magic towers ot marble rise;
BJurmurinsr fountains overflow
Into depths of mirrored skies!
Shah Jehan has laid to rest '
Arjamand. his royal love,
Tho idol of his knightly heart.
, The, Orient's tenderest dove.
- Odors waft thro" ghostly halls.
Terraced bowers and trellised court?
Lotus bulbs — whence incense falls;
Alabaster walls inwrought! \
Gold and gem and precious stone
Sparkle to the midnight stars
Where minaret and melting dome
Rise thro" the moonlight bars:
* • \u25a0 • •
Soul ,of all this Life of ours!
Harbinger of Life Dtvine!
Up thro* jewel, spice, and flowers.
Chanting bird and clambering via*;
•Up thro' river, mountain, moor.
Unto clouf. and star, and moon.
Love ia man's ciivlnest dower!
Faith's God's brightest boon:
— John Ward Stimson.
(Extracts from poem in Impressions Qu*r»
terly). -
• • »
In Holland when you want an automo
bile you ask for a "snellpaardelooszoon
deerspoorwegpitroolrljtung," which means
literally "the rapid-horseless-without
rails-driven-by-petroleum thing." Or you
can walk.— Harper's Weekly.
• • • •
"Hans Brinker or the Silver Skates."
which the late Mrs. Mary Mapes Dodgs
wrote yeare ago. has held its own ever
since as one of the best and most popu
lar of books for children. As a picture
of th* life of Holland It is 83 true now
as when it was written and as a story —
simple and straightforward, and delight
fully human and entertaining— lt has
rarely been equaled. Few people have
understood what children like to read so
well as Mrs. Dodge, and in "Hans Brln
ker"- she wrote her best story. A new
edition of this book, has just been an
nounced to be sold at a price of 75 cents.
• • •
Under the general title of "The Im
mortals" the Mission Mazarin of Paris and
New York will publish a aeries of two
score volumes containing new translations
specially prepared for this edition among
the many famous novels that have re
ceived prizes from the French Academy
during the last one hundred and eighty
years. The list as finally decided upon
runs as follows:
I—Serge1 — Serge .Panine, Georges Ohnot, author;
Jules Lemaltre. author of preface.
2 — Conscience, Hector Mulct, author; Ernest
Lavisse. author of preface.
3 — An "Attic" Philosopher, Emile Souvestre.
author: Alexis Cert rand, author of preface.
4 — The Abbe Constantin. Ludovic Halevy.
author: Anatole France, author of preface.
S — Prince Zllah. Jules Claretle, author; Ber
nard d'Hauasonvtlle, author of preface.
6 — The Red Lily. Anatole France, author;
Jules Lemaltre. author of preface.
7 — The Ink Stain. Rene Basin, author; Gu
ton Boissier. author of preface.
B—A8 — A Woodland Queen. Andre Theuriet. au
thor; Eugene de Vogue, author of preface.
9 — Confession? of a Child of the Century.
Alfred de Musset. author; Maxine dv Camp,
author of preface.
10— Monsieur de Camorf. Octave Feulllet.
author: Jules Lemaitre, author of preface.
11 — Jacqueline. Theo Bentzon. author; M.
de \£azade. author of preface.
12 — Madame Chrysan theme. Pierre Lotl. au
thor; M. -Doucet. author of preface.
13— A Romance of Touth. Francois Copper,
author; Paul Hervieu, author of preface.
14— .Crnq-Mars (volume 1). Alfred de Vlgny.
author: Jose Heredla, author of preface.
15— Cinq-Mars (volume 2). Alfred d» Vlgny,
author: Jose Heredia. author of preface.
16 — Cosmopolis. Paul Bourget, author: Al
bert Sorel. author of preface.
17 — Monsieur. Madame and Bebe. Gustave
Droz. author: Jules Claretie. author of preface.
IS — Gerfaut. Charles de Bernard, author: Le
Conte Delisle. author of preface.
19 — Fremont and Rlsler. Alphctsse Daudet.
author: Jules Lemaltre. author- of preface.
20— Zlbellne. Philippe de Maasa. author: Paul
Thureau-Dangin. author of preface.— rNew Tork
Herald. . % #
Plans for the dramatic production of
Mrs. "Ward's latest novel, "Tho Marriage
of 'William Ashe," are now practically
complete, and William A. Brady, who
controls the stage rights, expects to give
the play during the holiday season. Grace
George will be Lady Kitty. Meanwhile
booksellers report that the novel con
tinues in constant demand, and has had»
a sale at least equal to that of "Lady
Rose's Daughter." The Harpers make
It their Invariable rule never te» quote
figures but it is interesting to recatt that
Miss Jfeannette S. Gilder, editor of The
Critic, and an experienced literary agent,
estimated Mrs. "Ward's profit on "Lady
Rose's Daughter" to be at least J150.000
—the largest sum ever received 'by^ any
living^author for one book. "Fenwick's
Career." the novel Just completed by Mrs.
Ward, will be Dubllshed as usual by the
HarpeVs ( at the expiration of its serial
run in The Century magazine.
SUMMER HILLS.
A flood of sunlight, a circle of swallow*.
Tho ripple of , gnus* to little hollows;
The breath of cattla la upland meadow*.
A blue-bird's note. In leafy shadows:
The hum of bees, from slopes of clover,
A swish of tree* where the wind blows over;
A blue expanse to the far Forever,
A dream of life, and of pure endeavor.
— Adeline Knapp.
-(From Impressions Quarterly).
Books Received.
THE WIZARD'S DAUGHTER AND
OTHER STORIES.— By Margaret Collier
Graham. Houghton, Mlfllin & Co., Bos
ton: $1 25. ,v, v
HIS VERSION OF IT.— By Paul Lei
cester Ford. ' Dodd, Mead & Co.. New
York; Jl 50.
THE PASSING :OF A RACE.— By D.
W. Higgins. William Briggs. Toronto.
POPULAR WEST COAST FLORA--By
Volney 'Rattan. Whittaker & Ray Co. »
San. Francisco: $1 25.
THE FERN ALXJES.-By Willard Nel
son Clute. Frederick A.- Stokes Co.. New
THE BEST POLICY.— By Elliott Flow
er Bobbs-Merrlll Co.. Indianapolis.
DRIFTWOOD.— By Melanie Alice Well.
Laird & Lee. Chicago; 75 cents.
THE WILD FLOWER FAIRY BOOK.
—By Esther Singleton. Eodd. Mead &
Co., New York: $2.
THE GIANTS.— By Mrs. Fremont Old-,
er D ADPleton & Co.. New York: 51 50.
THE AMERICAN JEWISH YEAR
BOOK.— Edited by Cyrus Adler and Hen
rietta Szold. Jewish Publication Society
of America. Philadelphia.
TALES FROM SHAKESPEARE.-By
Charles and Mary Lamb. Charles
Scribner's & Sons. New York; $2 50.
HISTORY OF ALL NATIONS. Vol X.—
John" Henry Wright, Editor. Lea Broth
ers & Co.. New York.'
SEVENTY CENTURIES. OF THE
LIFE OF. MANKIND.— By J. N. Lamed.
Two vols. The C. A. Nichols Co., Spring
< field. Mass.
2324
-•• v"v. -j'-r- \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . " \ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' . \u25a0\u25a0-'.'\u25a0 \u25a0-:•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0,\u25a0'• J . '"-"
In Our Cloak, Suit and Skirt
Departments
$a cf We Offer Onr Special rip Bf
/J Women's AU-Wool jfaJL J
Q&+* Broadcloth Suits at .... V9m *"
This suit as illustrated, Eton style, or
;45-inch long coat., : Kilted skirts; colors
are ac^« E rcen > ret^ olive, purple, blue,
XBisy brown and grey; others ask $35.00.
JO(' d? 1 Q tT /\ For Women's* Walking
y^SS^Vm^SVw . Suits — Made .of .good,
<^j^*^v^^» /J^y hiub luster broadcloth; also cheviots,
*>*^i^&^VJEr •' -?*\v mixtures and English series; in all the
&*^F&W.....?'i®A newest colors, in long coat suits, three-
&£^^3H^iV'£wor quarter coat suits or hip coat suits;
i^^^S^^«^^l others will ask you $25.00 for a suit not
P^§^^SL §7 50 For a New l:overt J acket -
f' *•\u2666*• t^Sf j ust receixed from our
• J^^^" v^v\^Yv * eW or^ buyer. All sizes. 32 to 44.
/''i/M'- ra^f--IVvV Walking Skirts— Bought to
/^:jfilJ£ ' rW- : \\" ; -vJ^V *•'•'•• sell at $7.50; they are made
Ml ; l^s'lr \u25a0 '\u25a0•/ 1," \C- \Vf .V| \u25a0\u25a0 \¥\v\ o^ P an amas. serges, cheviots, herring-
eSj-'v'-i^jt;! ''. |i;.:\t Vl : -\iw "^VV\ / one> mm ' xtures an< * mohairs-Vblack, blue,
\^ ''-.\u25a0••.* ['l-'"^!! : Wu\ :^WO(^ rownj o 'i ve green and gray.
t2 45 AU Linen Waists — The ;
&**^Jlfc^^,., pr H»« r »TP*^ new fall styles, pleated or
x '2*//**"* »mbroidered fronts, long" sleeves with
deep cuffs; a real $4.00 value.
IN OUR DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT
\7£s Wool Crepe — This is the soft sheer quality, 36 in. wide,
mlr+*\* Jr \1 jn cream and oyster white; it usually sells at 50c yard.
'IQf* XT A Fanc y Check Panamas — In blue, green .Oxfords and
W3rV* jr \1 brown, 36 inches wide; new styles.
CQ-..J Silk Sicilian Alpaca — All colors and black, heavy iron
*/7v jrU frame weave; 52 inches wide; this is a regular $1.00 quality.
QfLfs \rA Chiffon Melton Cloth— Every thread wool; with beautiful
*7 ww Jr " panne finish; colors and black; 50 inches wide; really
worth $1.56 yard.
IN OUR. ART DEPARTMENT
\ We are now receiving daily new additions to our already beautiful
stock of Cushions; you can get handsome floral design;, tinted top with
back, for 35c; others, pure linen, at 50c for top and back. Beautiful
Tinted Center Pieces at 35c each. Get them now, and we will give you
Free Instruction every Friday, from i- to 4 p. m.- We will also
STAMP FREE any Article Purchased «at our Store
STRAUSS & FROHMAN - - - 105- 107- 109 Pos: Street
YOUTH WEARS PETTICOATS
TO AVOID ARMY SERVICE
Ilor In Svritcerland Passes Himself as
a Girl for Seventeen Years.
GENEVA, Oct. 14. — The discovery
that a pretty "girl," aged 17 years, be
longs In reality to the sterner sex has
caused a commotion among the inhabi
tants ofilorat, a village iv the Canton
of Frlbourg.
It appears that the mother had such
a horror of compulsory military service
that she had her only child baptized
and registered as a girl.
For the last seventeen years the boy
has worn petticoats and kept the secret.
He made such a charming "girl" that
he won the hearts of two village swains
and received offers of marriage from
them.
A slight illness led to the discovery.
and the young man will be rechristened.
Dogs Answer Telephones.
GENEVA. Oct. 14.— The romance of
the famous St. Bernard pass Is giving
way before the spread of modern
science. Several huts have been erected
by the monks on various parts of the
pass, where in former days snow-bound
and benighted travelers used to be dis
covered by the dogs. These huts are
connected with the hospice by tele
phone, and the dogs belonging to the
monastery have been trained on a
number being repeated to them, to go
off at once to the hut which bears that
number.-
f ESTABLISHED n !/^ TOO IJ I gj O i/ 1 " 1 iTf HIR Dl" ST. "\u25a0
DECEMBER 20th, Di Rfl I UUltliigtvi Oni ya Few |
ji 1001 ' ' Steps Fronv M
I lo^i. | Philadelphia Shoe Co. MARKET ST. i
II YOU CAN OEPcND ON OuR GOOD SHOES AND LOW PaiCES ! 1
I! -^J %e «* V t r .,? l " rr * >prMent * OuT ShoM ar * H»^»T« exactly an we de- 1
n Mrribe. Rebuilt np our enormous Shoe buKlnes* by «Hllnjf the bent B
J; * sty " Bd •««»\u25a0*\u25a0* dealing are beblnd every statement we make. B
1 —I--. ° n Tr " n mort for ronr money, call and *cc these jsreat Shoe H
I LACE OB BLUGHER VAMPS FLEECE LINED FELT LACE I
H SAl 1 £ i Fait n *i*%'fL-vL' M Z YES °JI SOLID COMFORT FOR HOUSE I
i bIW rpfliVr?«iv« ••f0"f 0 " behave made WEAR— Ladies' Seamless . Black ll
1 dSlloliS inS 15 several of our Felt Lace Shoes, with hand-sewefi . i
mif- rwT«* *?L~ *. H ne *' as we leather soles, broad toes, low flat §J
I die.' Pinf visf^A u»u »i at nee - La - heel«, vlci kid side pieces and- all B
1 or «t«S,J l^'-i? 11 ™ 11 ", Vamps red fleece lined. Sizes 3to 9. From U
coin to% * Jftltt Sh f? eß ' Wlth new our new f a» • stock. SPECIAL R
I ? j. toes « Patent tips, neat, ex- «tip pmrp - ' ' ftKo H
j heef^^Sizel^ S ° leS a^ ml ' lta ry ° U<? i
j bar Wain? m pRiCB 'wHILE^THEY UNION ||
B FOUR-STRAP Vlfil Kin BOYS'IaSCO CALF LfiCE I
j A SWELL EVEMXG SLIPPER — Youths' and Boys* Casco Calf Lace fi
! j Ladles' Fine Grade Vici Kid San- Shoes, with full, rounding;toes-and
t] dais, made with latest coin toes, tipfc,* double' extension sewed soles M
N hand-turned soles, circular vamps, and four • rows of sewing: on H
p four-button straps over Instep vamp?. . I'JTIOJI STAMPED. H
IJ and dressy concave leather heels. T ,t, t+ ,_ /,._..,' _". _"'. „".«/--",, - _'\u25a0 "•'."'H
g Sires 2% to 8. Widths Ato E. L!ttle Gents sires. 9to 11. . 05c J
M This is an extra j?ood value. RE- Youths' sizes,' ll «4 to 2. . .. -81. OO' B
H UtCED SALE PRICE; -. ....$1.30 I Boys' sires, 2»s to's% ;."..'. .R1.25 H
110 THiRO STREET I Q VAtO'PU^
§ SAN FRANCISCO Di aHIOUnHIOIM PROMPTLY FILLED i
POPE CHIDES WOMEX FOR
WEARING 1.0.NG TRAINS
Pontiff Reminds Visitors That Drag-
Urtnsr Dr?w« Collect Lnrge
Quantities of Microbe^.
ROME. Oct. 14.— An interesting story is
told of hew the Pope received some
j women the other day. His Holiness was
quick to note that they wore long trains,
and at once reminied them that it was
not in the-interestH of health that these
trains should collect quantities of mi
crobes from the streets.
"As for me." he added, "when I am
forced to put a train on my cassock, I
am incommoded, end yet there are pre
lates who uphold it."
"But. holy father." said'one of the
women, "we hold up our trains while
waUting in the streets."
"Still," replied the Pope, "It must be
very Inconvenieirt for you to have, to hold :
your dress." And suiting the action to !
the word, Pius X walked round the room
several times holding up his cassock and
j instating the women as they walked.
The good humor of the. pontiff's visitors
can be imagined. The "Pope hasr no re
gard for pontifical majesty.* As soon as
a visitor enters he scarcely gives him time
to kneel for the benediction, but pushes
him Into an armchair, sits down beside
him,, talks, laughs, and relates anecdotes.
The largest Dante horary in the world
is that of Leonldas Leonelll In Udlne,
Italy. It comprises more than 3000 publi
cations in all languages relating- to the
poet. - .
THE. ..S_AN)''F-RANCISCp ,CAI:L-- SUNDAY', OCTOBER 15..-J905.
LEADS BRITISH
SPORTSMEN IN
KILLIN GAME
ENGLISH PEER WHO RANKS AB I
THE FINEST .GAME • SHOT ?IU - \
GREAT BRITAIN. ,- \u25a0\u25a0" -; j
Speclal Dieeatch to Th« CUL
LONDON. Oct. 14. — Though 53 years
old, Earl de Grey, upon whose, estate
at IJalgowill the Prince of'Walest'has
recently been shooting, still ranks as
the finest game shot in England. In-,
deea, it is tne geiieral opinion here that
nt! Is the best in the world. Anyhow, >
lie has Kineu more game tria'n - any
other living sportsman. Ten years ago
it Had amounted to 31ti,699 head: Com
prised in tnia list were lll.aoo pheas
ants, Jsa.4oo partridges, 45,500 grouse,
26,5u0 Hares and aoont as many rab
bits. In one year alone hia "bag"
amounted to more than iy, 000. head, in
Yorkshire he once shot 500 grouse .ln
a siugie day and on another occasion
brougnt down 750 pheasants. In Wales,
between sunrise and sunset/ he once
disposed of 950 rabbits. . . ; , • \u0084 :
In America, many people' would : re
gard feats of this kind as sheer slaugh-"
ter rather than. sport, but English \u25a0tolk
do not so consider them', and- Earl de
Grey is English in everything.. His
wonderful knack of -bringing down
birds completely dazes strangers, who
go away and explain to their friends
their firm belief that he '.'simply can't
miBS." But to do him justice all his
sport has not been of that! tame variety
where the only risk run Is that of being
shot by some novice. He has done .a
lot of big game - shooting. \ :ln r India,
where his father, tlie Marquis of RipOn,
who still lives, was Viceroy^for four
years, many big tigers have fallen be
fore his rifle. \u25a0'\u0084 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.. \u25a0 . ": n i
1 He is always in good form and does
not'know from personal experience
what it is to be nervous. He is slightly
-under the average height, -but his' fig
ure is broad and well knit.. He never
puts on "side" as the. English call it.
I When at Studley Royals-one of.' the
most lovely country seats in England-r
the grounds of which enclose the fa
mous ruins of Fountain- Abbey, he may
frequently be met walking -or driving
in a cap and knockabout suit, and he
has on more than one occasion been
taken by visitors to be an" individual of '
much less rank than that to which he
rightly lays claim. He bears an his
toric English name and has a j lot' of
blue-blooded ancestry at the -back* of
him, but- there is. nothing .aristocratic
in his appearance. , - V - *
Herbert Spencer would have said that
the marvelous proficiency" ih'e., displays
with powder and shot argues a mis
spent life. He has never gone in' for
anything seriously but "; r ' sport, , though
before he was 30 he sat for* six years
in the House of Commons as-the'repre
sentative of Rlpon.' . On account of .his"
family connections it was easygetting
elected for that borough.' 'For -many
years \u25a0. his father was regarded as one
of the foremost of .'^Liberal; "statesmen,
but It is probable that his "son' s~* fame
as a crack shot will last, the longer.
He is "a favorite, at court and. the post
of treasurer to the Queen's | houseriold
has been conferred on "him.
Lady de Grey Is as distinguished ;.in
society as her husband is, in the realms
of sport. jShe.has sometimes;"/ been
called the uncrowned queen of Covent
Garden: Opera. During, the '; season 'her
stately form' appears night after 'night
and year .after year In the. same 'box
on the grand tier. .'When she first came
out as Lady , Gladys Herbert,' . and | for
years afterward, she was accounted one
of the-mbst beautiful wo'men': ln. society.
She stlllretalns a large'measure.of her
youthful -good looks., 'Earl 'de^Grey is
her second husband.*. 4 Her.' first/was the
late Lord Lonsdale. from: whom she had
been separated', before*, his .'death.';* She
has never subinltted to being, held down
by social .'conventions vand! onee f 'rari a
fashionable tea 'shop ", In ".Bond ;', streetj
because, , as ', she frankly,' acknowledged,
she," wanted to .make rnoney.]' ; - And 'she
made-It. , . .. :\ .". ; : '. : ';"\u25a0'*
ACCIDENTALLY- SHOOTS* \
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0. FRIEND WHILE FALLING
Swift* Chamois Hunter. Meets With
. -' Strange Death In the Canton \u25a0.
*\u25a0 'i \u25a0 ' \ :Ot' Vaud . ;•-;.* :• - " : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "
? GENEVA.' :Oct.<'I4.V L FaIIinV- 1 over fa
precipice." escaping unhurt;' -but^ acci
dentally shooting and ;hls:friend
while falling Is the unparalleled; acci
dent that 'has .just.;: occurred " f on - *the
Pa rry, Mountain, in, the.Caritbn' of | Vaud.
. A party/of ;,Swlss V chamois jhunters
were out for.'a, day's sport.' arid -had
nearly " ! reached,* -the *summit_fof the
mountain '.when one of " their., number,
Adrian Sangy, ( J slipped*. arid ."l fell: 'over.'
.While 'Sangy V:. ',; invpUmtarlly
pressed, the trigger, of his'; rffle/and; the
bullet passed Jthe'. heart, of .'a
coriirade named Haelleri.'killin'ghim in- I
'stantly.".;:;^!': ' i_; ... V |r.^.'^ v .,«v, '^'•'. '!\u25a0!\u25a0' '.
* •«" Sangy ; fell on* deep; snow,; and;, was
unhurt, y but was wlth%difl=lculty ; pre
\u25a0 .vented* from, committing: '•, suicide iwhe'ri
he heard that, he had, kUled'.his friend.
liiiTryer \u25a0 Endi Life; at 'Trial.
• ROME,', Oct.:l4.— The' trial;atvPe'rouse
of < Captain 'iModugrio,; accused /of ; hav
ing murdered his.wife after,; committing
acts - of .'atrocity,- iri-China.lhas.come"; to
a dramatic :: end ? :afterK;lastirig ulklx
months. " \ Toward; the : closet ofUhe- trial,
Signer . Blanchi, t n the it principal r; counsel
of Modugno,. cut. his, throat iwlthairazor
just ;" as 'he ."was •: finishln g . his L ; speech,
and; died. shortly] afterward3j; The-bar- '
rlster,' who was '7sl yeaVs : of ; age.v was
one of the leading. lights of ! the Italian
bar.-';-'"!' " ~-' v - ". ; '-\u25a0".'• ;' ; "- '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0;"•'\u25a0 \u25a0;"\u25a0-.'.'
DECREASE SHOWN
IN GRAIN CROP
Lessi^Haiulled^ in "?an Fran-'
ciscoj This; Sejisoh'ThiaiiVUp
M^fliis iTiii^; LastVYkr
GOVEENMtfT v '^IGIMSS
Siimlleif Ampiint; Reaches tlie
City I)yi3loi:eZriiair Oiie aiid
a' HSlf-MiiimulS^Kl
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
! WASHINGTON, vD. C.. Oct/.i .14.— Re
porta^rreceived by • the Department of
Gomrnerce -and 'Labor through Its bu
reau of statistics. Indicate that*. the to
tal ;-grrain receipts at the '_ ports; of. • Bos
ton.? - New-York. Philadelphia. and Bal
timore" during 'Aiig-ustl showed a gain
of nearly -4,000,000 .bushel*, If com
pared; with similar arrivals. in- 1904. On
the .other hand; the. Inbound cereal
movement at New Orleans, as well as
at ; San 'Francisco and Tacoma. pre
sented^ heavy losses .by. like compari
sons..' While Galvestofi's inbound grain
movementvduring Augiv*t 'was heavily
in' excess :of that for a corresponding
month ' in the preceding year,- It should
be understood that, during the latter,
period,' the movement was' exceptional
. ly. small.,'. .• . . '-. - •,' . .
';;• At" Boston the month's .receipts of
graln»totaled'l.6»2,92S bushels, as com
pared,with' 1,053,904 bushels for. acor
le.^pdnding;month |ln 1904. Shipments
which/ amounted to 908,893 bushels,
were' nearly ; 5 00, 0.00 bushels in excess
of a;slm|lar ; movements in; the preced
mg.yefar."'^Receipts of all grain at this
port \u25a0.\u25a0^iiringv; the nrst eight months of
.the':currVnt';year aggregated 12,655,026.
bushels, ; aU jigairiU 10.0i2.460 bushels
in 1904.^ Cftrri movements were excess
ively heavy,, the gain in the withdraw
als :of. s thls- cereal: having amounted to
nearly. 5, 000.000 bushels.
'New, York's grain receipts during'
August totaled 7,728,907 .bushels, of
which C,549,4iiti bushels -represent • a |
rail and -1,175>,441 bushels a water
movement. The total receipts , of grain,
ttoiir. and -corn meal, during the month of
August aggregated 10,115,559" bushels^
as against -8,700,240 bushels in 1904: Of
theM9os, total. 8,899,177 bushels were
recelVed^by rail) 65.522 bushels by river
arid, coast and 1,147,600 bushels by
canal:;.--. .•\u25a0 ;' ; •
:'At ; ' Philadelphia ithe total Inbound
grain : movements during' the month
amounted to 2.455.916 bushels, being
slightly" over a million tfushels heavier
than a 'like movemient in 1904. - Ship
ments, for. the month, -which' were 757,-*
710 buehols- in 1905. amounted to' 383,
528 .bushels during a like. month in the"
preceding -year. Rfeceipts of 'all Tee
reals "at this _ port, for the first eight 1
months- of the Qurrent year totaled 10,
423,991 bushels. In contrast with '10\
140,692',bushels in' l9o4. '
. vßalthiiore's^ grain arrivals during
August .reached a total of.'-' 2,094,971
bushels,' and. were over '500,000 bushels
heavier, than / a corresponding move
ment".''in ;. 1904. . "Shipments for the
month." axnountcd to 1,049,995 bushels in
1905, and' l3l.7So bushels in 1904. Total
receipt; of grain at during
the .first eight : months of the present
year aggregated 13,972;284 bushels, a
gain; of over two million bushels, if
compared with 'a* similar movement in
1904. 'Grain-shipments from' Baltimore
for ( the present- year,' to andlincliidlng
August. 31,' totaled % 9,989,087 bushels
consisting almost entirely^of corn. The
total outbound' movement 1 for .a corre
sponding period, in 1904,. whichi amount
ed to 6,171,185 bushels, was'also large
ly composed of this cereal. < 1,
_ The Inbound grain movement at New-
Orleans during .the month -of August
amounted to 355.600. bushels, being
slightly -smaller than a similar move
vF en u '\u25a0; 1 '?f? fl ° 4 andS nearl y a .million
bushels below that for 1903. Shipments
for .the month, which were 58,982
bushels in; 1905.' amounted to 136 147
bushels in 1904. and-875,659' bushels" in
1973.. During the .first .eight months of
the; present year/22,058,620 V bushels of
grain were received at. New-Orleans, as
compared with a similar inbound move-,
ment in .1904 of .7,714.847 • bushels, and
,in 1903 of 22,362,311 •bushels: Thegain
indicated for';the. present year, as'com
pared with. tHat f0r .'1904. was- almost
entirely due' to a much, heavier inbound
movement. of^corn. ;the-increase In the
arrivals of- this cereal amounting to
over: 15 1 500.000i > bu3hels.,-;TotaK grain
shipments 'from ; this- port for corre
sponding periods "were 16,519,678 biish
els~in"l9osr's,BB4;964 bushels in 1904,
and. 20,324,738 bushels, in : 1903. ;• The
present year's moyement, with |the ex
ception of 3000_ busViels .of .wheat.and
72,380 bushels of ' oats, was composed
entirely; of corn. .'\u25a0• -, <. • ; ' «-,"::'\u25a0 • »
At. San Francisco the amount. of grain
received during^ August amounted^.to
1,534,299 -bushels,, as, against a similar
Inbound. movemjenUin ;1904^ of 1 1,966,202
bushels. :.; For .-period
the v total Inbound grain 'movement :at
tms city aggregated ,10,160,666 bushels
In 1905 ; and 11,847,640 .buahels^in, 1904.
Shipments of grain from. San Francisco
during 'the month -of reached a
total of -470,297; bushels, ' : . i and i-were
slightly in excess of. va : corresponding
movement ; the *r preceding r year,/ while ; the
total outbound 5 moyement during the first
eight; months • of <\ then present -,year
amounted-., to- 3,119,943 '"\u25a0;, bushels,; as
against: 4.539,170 bushelsln; 1.904.: "y; »
\u25a0 .'Preliminary, returns-.of jgraln-; exports
from^the Urilted'States.v which. represent
approximately.; 97* per; cent- of ?the out-^
bound movement,'; place,' thetexports ; for
tHemonth.bf 'August •at-;7,719,576'bu5h
e15* of Hvhich;5;517, 022 ibushejs moved by,
the -way/ of -the \ Atlantic? ports, c 2597181
bushels byi way* of~ the; gulf ports,.;3o4;^
365' -by .'way, : of -the ' Pacific V \u25a0 ports;' and
1,639,008* bushels by !wa'y J of thevnorth
ern .bbrde'r.'.ilake and V. other i principal
p6rts.' •\u25a0\u25a0 A"slnillar T mbvementi •in J1904;
wliich.'totaled'B:sB2,l2p;bushels,'-.was dl-
Vided Into-' 2;394,lB2 'bushels •by.';way; of
the" "Atlantic/ ports.: 19S;543. bushels "by
way 'of '\u25a0the* gulf -pbrts, r ; 232,669^ bushels
by wayfof the"; Pacific 'ports^and '7l6,7Bs
bushels* by 'way of i the. northern j border,
lake andYother* principal i ports. ' :'..;: '. .; %Ul
; During the 'i current; year k the*» : Atlantic
ports ; handled } aver ,71 'per ;cen t-,of • the. erif
tire ; ex.ports, i;.whlle,during.*theVc6rrespond
ihg period -in 1904" the * amount J thus \u25a0-, hah-,
died did not»'eq'ual 67, per, cent. ;. The .total
outbound I movement p^of .' grain : f rom ; . the
United ..States:" during Ithe .first '\u25a0',' eight
months 'of .- the i curren t p year | aggregated |
gp^S^SOg-" > bushels,- i 51,518,943 ? bushels r; being
exported from, the_Atlantic ports.; 23.140,305
; bushels.' -from -the :-;Gulf goorts, - 4,541,902
DUshels^ from ithe ; Paclfic^ports, 1 andCll.^
577,159 "bushels ] from | the } northern \u25a0 border,"
lake* and- •bth'er- principal '• ports. " : ' The ; : to^
tal /.foreign f withdrawals :- of >. all
during \\ a i corresponding jj period 'fi In r ; 1904
amounted '," toY 44,284^35^ bushefsi the I gain
In j the ;; pfesenl"',; year's!/ movement % being/
largely-. due i-'toV greatly o lncreased '•'. ship
merits of 'corn? although -. the'bats arid- bar
ley J outbound ; movements -were^ largely \u25a0 in
excess '.of/ those; for ;1904. \u25a0\u25a0:.'.: -^ ~^;~. /.V ..;.; .; ;.:'.: : .
'/I.WlthV'reference^'to/ ;,the .'oast -season's
cotton commercial * reports
indlcateSthat- the 'amount^ of Sthis"; com-"
; modlty ibrought ;- into : sight \u25a0; during,- the'
year "ending; s August?..3l,7;il9os;tagg}:e-"
gated* 13,641,471 'ba1e5,- as -against 10,-
-Millinprv ¥^ f 'Jnp^frpllpd
PRICES THAT SURPRISE ||jfe
~The number of huts— up into the thousands— that ill^l^sS'
\u25a0^^^^^^^I'•"\u25a0\u25a01 '•"\u25a0\u25a0 ''$%^t~' 3C)Id this/season is a forceful example of their ''<^^^mW*
'^3^^^®.-'-- ;.-.• excellence. We are" constrained to. say that there is not
"q^S^; %%?Vy\. ::SUC ! 1 ' anotner millinery department, nor such service. />^^P;fo
"^S-3-^y^ r y*.^*^?^9ws^ some*! point of originality— the \ '"^^ A^\
\u25a0.>„. : '\u25a0\u25a0^&2&^ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0: -.'.-earmarks of : brain-guided hands. . Q. V
--T '''-&%%&/• ; !. -• : Tare's an-equa! thoroughness in the preparation y>s-^ V^^i
•"• '^>\^=i» * ; ' - ° f hat— no matter, what price you pay. ; • vjff^ r* Y^
'^MfyZ^h- •::'•\u25a0';: f To-mprrqw;"we jsKpw a:new line at $7.50— a splen- M'£^
)?;0. ;^!&!!b?!tt an excellent lot of street 'J/f^^^'^/f^^
: :;-;\u25a0:'/ ..//^ ; hats*at:s2.so. The latter wilPprobably surprise most. I _ f^'
.- > ' "/. .\THey are- mentioned, in' an 'item below. i^^-yJ
I^i^ 45c ;SiIK Lisle Undcrvcsts, 25c
\u25a0 \ tf»A rj#v • ""' .A, "" ne which is to"be discontinued. . v"
">.-- 1 - \u25a0\u25a0•<: \- $Lt,3\) \u25a0'/-\u25a0-•\u25a0; . Swis s ribbed Silk Lisle Thread Vests, in white only. Neck is'-laee
'' \u25a0 1w% \ :'- j - a cr . ) trimmed, weave is even and firm. Sizes 4, 5. and 6, and enough for-
v msteaa Ol "J>4.so^ te-morrows' selling. The regular price is 45c; 25c is all you pay.while^
Clever, trimmers— a^ maker's sur- . th^ > :last: Iast - : ;- ;^ : ' - -"" \u25a0
plus materials— our desire to-have 'V^IV'VHP cc «• r*.i 1 */> !
a special to-mofrow; % RIDDOnS, 19C
there's the story; in a-nutshell. A scinch Taffeta, especially adapted for neck pieces and hat trim-
There are about 200 hats in the ming. ; Tliere is a full range of colors with the graduated tones in
various" popular shapes that we can cac h one. ; . • \u0084 - •
„ <%:\u25a0,\u25a0 \u25a0 % • < f , .19c is a wonderfnlly low price,
.offer on.^this basis. VOne of the • \u25a0•:... .-. • X
; \u25bastyles is; shown :^'. ; . ' '\u25a0\u25a0_ I '^mj^ *JJ\VV?n O A B t>
This a, real special.- Investi: .\ H AilDfiltßCHllLF SALE I
[gate it.\ y . • ;; * v -^ yer >" interesting sale because it is one of the rare events. Every
*- — . " — — \u25a0 — - — — ! one is pure linen, v ;• ' '
::-/\u25a0: ••\u25a0 \u25a0-;' - • - ; -; UNLAUNDERED O J
.. . < ,*«..\u25a0>'.. ,-• 15c hemstitched and embroidered Handkerchiefs .10c
."l*klw : .Jlii^l.'; -'_ _~ £* : .. I>-_ 20c hemstitched and initialed Handkerchiefs *. ,12j4c
l^i©CKV¥©®S \3fil© 25c hemstitched, initialed or embroidered Handkerchiefs 15c
liiV" "'StL* : : ' /l S : ' S'* :^* -'LAUNDERED . 1
SCC and 65C pieces '^ C-* Hemstitched, embroidered and embroidered edges, fresh laundered; all
Reduced :tO" ..'".. >? ?*** :!?: linen " asc.'grade. :. . ;...../ v . 12c
, i?" Sale of Girls' Woolen Dresses
pay only 35c a piece. That's the »*"^^*v * Here's a solution for your home
week's great Ne'ckAvear news: There «f^^S*w sewing problem, as far as the
lare silk and hnen tailored and lantrerie T^fePv - '.-• daughter is concerned. The prices
co liars-all new, stylish and beyond 4 Ssi^ we will aSk in this sale are about
criticism. . Don t overlook this opoor- L_ Jwii? • \u0084 r \u25a0 • 1
tunity. We want you to share in- it Hat - vo « would P a >' [^ r .materials
\u25a0 . ' czf^s&r* alone. The workmanship is all that
" (iv S)^Kf^ % |l can be desired, the fabrics the most
OMB : W% jljl* \k^^ 'WolM' serviceable known and the styles-.
iPelticodts. X^ffipSlS g v od { i ev " y case - Th s, re are sur ;'
\>,-^.. . - ,• " Tlr^ Ml^l^P-^^^/ PPee»" cc » Russian, Buster Brown and
\u25a0". : ' . Q* ff'-'rt'C fancy styles in serge, Panama cloth,
; ' ; • wO«/ J Sicilian cloth and Shepherd plaids.
;*'.. ' " $^M&stMf A ? es 4to I 2"
Instead of $7.50 we have marked There are two lots priced as fol-
.lt ; is according, to the- rules of our ifflß^^^^, $5.00 Woolen Dresses, $3.50
modest price policy which binds us /Mft PMul^;^^f^^St> cro erv \*r i r^ Ze r>r
to sell- everything for, less. , . #|f||i|#i# $8-50 Woolen Dresses, $6.95
There are all the popular colors- , rWcTAa^C^^ arrivals
some changeable— blue, purple, red / VPlllS V>OaIS w jjj attract to .
and green, with black. Other popular fSJi W/' .... . ...
ones are gun metal and black, of Wk """T' "»e assortment is full •
course. Flounces are accordeon pleated I 'fiTwi-' : nn ° W> largei " than We haVe eVef be "
and, ruffled.,!. They are. finished right. • I !J#j^o- for . c had at * his time °* the y ean
To be fair with yourself, see them " Mf^^^ Prices are right. If you know the
before buying. . ! . Davis store at all, you know that.
GLOVES J/g # 2D. *DaVl§ CC \^O. P^ms
Best by - 10c and 1 5c
Every Test, Cor. Geary St. and Grant Jive. , None Higher
054,957' bales 'for 'a' "similar period In
1903-4 arid 10,683,215 bales in' 1902-3.'
Receipts ; : for • the *' month 'ot "August,
which amounted -to. 443,252 bales, r_were
greatly # in excess of similar movements
in either of the two preceding years.
Port receipts 7 for * the season to and
including August 31' aggregated io,
319,782" bales, 'and- were over 3,000,000
bales" greater than the 1904 -movement
and nearly 2,500,000 bales In-excess of •'
\u25a0 ; ,'. ; MISS JOOKOTH V CLARK. •/, - MO Garflald \ Boule r »rd, Cble^o, Ul^ . SHS3 I.UCT MAY,
>• "\u25a0:\u25a0:.< •i, J .*V--: < Chicago. -.-\u25a0\u25a0^'y l 2_' ir \u25a0 '---^ i-; - \u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0• \u25a0• "\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' *. • . : » chicago.'^^^ \
-: LITTLE FRANCES MARIE KWOWLTOFJ
wbose photograph appears herewith has a most beautiful head of golden hair, thicker than the crown of glory of mosH
t mature women: is only four year* old, 1 and her hair hangs .within lynches of the floor. The extraordinary hair
•trengthehing qualities of Oanderino hae'grownfor this little girl the most admirable ha. 1 of hair ever possessed, by
a child of her age in the world;;. The other two ladies whose photographs are shown here are certainly delisrhted with tha
results they are getting. Neither, of them haring hair that would reach to before beginning the use of Danderina.
o~£ :^§-;^B^:;^J!l^tei iTS RESULTS. "-.! : . -\u25a0\u25a0
, Ifhen applied to the scalp on either old or young, it makes the hair sprout and growrthick," long and beautiful, and there-
to no waiting around for weeks and months to see results; either. Any druggistwill refund the priceif it does not 4o»T
ytomp^ish every, wult^e claim; ;^| NO^W,, at aU rdrngguta in three sizes, 25 cents, 50 cents and $1 .00 per bottle. • "
'I? It |7|7 To show how quickly D«B<»rln«»ctt we will send a large sam:«o rtre by return malt to any on» wtio iena» this adY«rajem«aH» KM
. V 7V 7 at Bmlm - Kaawltta Dmnderla* C««. Cblcajc*. with their name aad addresi aad 19 coats In sUtox «r tUmps to pay sosbutf*
that for 1903.
\u25a0 The; total, net- overland . movement for
the year amounted ; to 1.125.153 ] bales, and
was. somewhat larger than a correspond
ing movement in either 1903-4 or 1902-3. Of
the : American spinners' takings during
the season just closed, 2.252.145 bales went
to northern > mills ' and 2.163,505. bales to
southern, mills, making. a, total of 4,445.
650 bales," as against 3,946,219 bales' in
1903-4, and . 3.965.364 \ bales in 1902-3.
Anthracite coal movements during the
month of August amounted to SMhSS^
tons, as against a corespondlng move^f
ment in 1904 of 4,331.834 tons, and In 1903 '
of 5.169,402. A similar movement during
the first eight months of the current year
aggregated 40,305,578 tons, and was over 2
million tons heavier than for a like period
in 1904, although nearly 2 million tons
less than a corresponding movement In
1903.The Call Prints More News Than Any Oth^
THE WEATHER.
/ ~" ~
Forecast for October 15. 1905:
Forecast for October 16. 1805:
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
A. G. Me A DIE.
District Foreeasttr.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 137.
ELLIS A PAL OF KELLY GANG OF THUGS AND HE FOUGHT WITH ANDREWS OVER LOOT
BOTH WSTH THE CROOK WHEN POLICEMAN: LESTRAMGE KILLED HIM AT BERKELEY
William Ellis, whose real name is Lee, and Milton Fraiikliii Andrews were members of the criminal gang that tried
to kill Policeman Lestrangein Berkeley. Lee. who isnowknowiito.be a notorious crook,^ -aiid Aiidrews foiighi over
loot secured by them in Australia. One of the gang was killed by Lestrange. ' Andrews and the fourth, Casey, are
in hiding in San Francisco. - \u25a0
The police of San Francisco hare
learned that "William Kills," who
claim* thst he was murderously as
saulted last AVednrnday nljcht bj ••Wil
liam Brush," better known to the po
lice n» Milton Franklin Andrews, and
* woman In Berkeley, Is \MUtnin Lee,
! si noxoriou* Australian crook, and he.
ha* been a pal In criminal work of the
man who tried to kill him.
James Kelly, the man who was killed
br Policeman Lr*tran««> in Berkeley on
September 2S, IxlonKnl to the aauie
F»b?. The four who gave battle to
Policeman I.«"strancr in the earlr morn
ing: hoar were L.cc, Andrew*, Kelly nnd
a man known fn police circle* as Casey.
The Quartet that encountered the
brave policeman was aa desperate a
t>and of criminal* a* roams the norld.
They have been hunted by the police of
Australia and thi* country for variouft ,
crime*, ranging- from arson to murder. ;
They were knunu as the ••Howard j
««»s." - • • • J
A small fortune in jewelry which <
these crooks stole in Australia has been
located In Oakland pawnshop*. The
Oakland police and the police of San
F*ranci*co have been in communication :
with the Australian police for Heveral j
diyi and detective* from that country I
will start for here as soon as ponsiblc. !
The police believe that Andrew* and '
Case?- ar^ in biding- in thia citj-.
\u25a0V Tbe trouble between Andrrira and
l.cc waa over the division of the Aus
tralian spoils.
The \u25a0woman Is an unfortunate who is
infatuated with Andrews atid the police :
do not think that she took any part in
the attempt to murder L»ee. It was a
murderous duel over theJr loot that re
sulted in one thief receiving what may
prove death wounds. ,
The Oakland police and the local police
are confident that in Lee they have one
of the murderous quartet of thugs that
were put to flight in the battle with Po- J
liceman Lestrange. The guns had set
\u25a0 tied in Berkeley to carry out a careful
ly planned series of criir.es.
At the first attempt they were thwarted j
ky the brave officer and one of the grang ;
was killed. Immediately afterward C'as- j
ey left the other two. The theory held j
fey the police is that I^e then became j
alarmed also and demanded his share, of
\u25a0what had been stolen, intending to seek
new and independent fields.
When his last follower expressed a
desire to leave him the desperate An
.£rew6 became incensed. He refused an
equal division and the pair quarreled.
During the dispute Andrews struck his
"pal" on the head with a hammer.
Stunned by the blow and in a half- j
tfelirium L<-e siag-gered Into a stable. '
where he told the weird story of v nan j
end a \u25a0woman who lured him to the j
house to kill hipv When his mind be
came more lucid, however, he back
f.red on many of his statements. Should
Andrews be captured it would only in
sure Lee's conviction with him.
\u25ba Self-preservation is the only motive
that keeps Lee from telling- all he
knows about the crook who tried to
murder him.
The instruments and acids for disposing j
of a body were not intended for Lee. They
were kept in the house for some wealthy
victim whom the four crooks planned to
ensnare. The police expect to get full de
tails from Lee when his condition permits
of his being sweated.
So certain are the local police that An
drews, Casey and the woman are in this
city that every avenue of escape is being
watched. Little attention is paid to out
side towns. When the Australian detec
tives arrive full details of the crimes com
mitted there by the quartet will be had
and Identification will be made certain.
The police believe also that the Austral
ian detectives can throw, sogie light on
the identity of the woman. *
William Lee, alias Ellis, was well
known around the California Hotel bar.
He used to drop in there frequently, and
always wanted to get up a "little game
cf cards." He was successful and gen
erally came out winner. The stakes
played for were not large, but his win
rings managed to support him and en
abled him to pay back the small sums
of money that he borrowed from the dif
ferent people In the hotel.
In one of his games Lee roped In a
man by the name of Corey who was
ctaying at the hotel, and less time than
that It takes to tell Corey was out $30.
w Ke had asked Corey to Join in a little
*game 'Just for pastime and tha drinkß."
This ended Ellis' playing at the hotel and
rext time he* turned up there his recep
tion was so frigid that he took the hint
end kept away. -; • '
ELLIS INVOLVES HI3ISELF.
His Stories Kow Make a Mue of Con
tradictions.
BKRKELSY, Oct. 14. — Inspired by a
suspicion that William Ellis, turfman
of Australia, who so narrowly escaped
being: butchered by Milton Franklin
Andrews last Wednesday, has not yet
revealed all that he knows of Andrews'
< j-hninal record, the detectives now at
-..ork in Berkeley on the extraordinary
case devoted their energies principally
to-day to the tusk of clearing up the
maze of partially conflicting statements
which the injured man has made since
his removal to the Roosevelt Hospital.
Lllis to-day made a flat denial that
!ic ever had said Andrews admitted hav
l€jg killed a wsman in Colorado — a
Kutemont which was given out by the
o>tc*tives j'etterday as having come
.straight from Hills' lips. The question
was put to him to-day in this form:
-Did Andrews ever tell you at any
time that he had 'done* or killed a wo- |
man, his wife, in Colorado after she had ,
niade an alleged attempt to shoot him?"
To this query Ellis answered to-day
\u25a0with the monosyllable "No."
Yet Detective Jamison, who had a
thirty minutes' talk with Ellis yester
day, gave It ottt at the conclusion of
the interview that Ellis admitted know
ing that Andrews had "done" a woman
k ip Colorado, who was his wife at the
time. Jamison is regarded as highly
trustworthy.
Detective Jamison was thoroughly
puzzled to-<3a.y by the apparent contra
diction in Ellis* statements of yester
-•<. -* -. in Him mmatmn\il IT~ -
The San Francisco Call.
cay atid to-day, and. atter-npted an ex
planation ot.it as- follows:
DETECTIVE IS POSITIVE.
"Kills j.-csteruay c-ortainly conveyed.
j t!>e Jni*<reasidii to me' thathe knew. An
i drews uu<l'ki'lleil a woman in Colorado,
j and that the woiiiaawis his wife at
that time, obtained the information
from Andrews himself, he tsald. ami,
while Andrews had. not told him in su
many words 'that, the woman had been
murdered by him (Andrews), «the infer
ence was hardly rnistakable.
"Ellis* version' of tills 'feature of his
s conversation *.vith Andrews, as given
! to rr;e yes-terday. was that in a clever,
j rather crooked fashibivAndrews had let
him know of the murder of the Colo
rado woman. Andrews certainly .toM
him th.it he had had trouble with his
•>vife in Colorado, that they had quar
reled violently, that' the woman tried
to shoot him. that^ she died soon after,
and that while pneumonia was ostensi
bly the cause of her death Andrews [
himself really was responsible for her
taking off."
The talk of Kessic Bouton having died
of pneumonia, suggests to the police
that Andrews may have perpetrated a
grhastly joke in ascribing her death to
such a cause after he had murdered the
woman and left her nude body on the i
top of Mount Cutler, near Colorado I
Springs. Pneumonia, say the police,
might naturally result from exposure
of an uncl.no body on a. lonely mountain
top, and this may have been Andrews'
little joke, perpetrated on Ellis, when
he told him his wife had "died of pneu
monia."
SPOKE MUCH OF COLORADO.
Ellis admits to-day that Andrews
never hesitated to link his own past
with scenes In and around Colorado
Springs, despite the reluctance a crim
inal might be supposed to feel at iden
tifying his past history with a spot
where he ha<l committed a fiendish
crime.,,
"Andrews often spdke of Colorado
Springs." said Ellis this morning, "and
told me he owned property there, and
that the place had a particular interest
for him because it was at Colorado
Springs that his wife died. Certainly, the
place must have deeply interested him,
if he 'murdered Bessie Bouton in that
vicinity, but it seems extraordinary that
he should speak so fondly of the spot,
under those circumstances."
Kllis' account of the extraordinary char
acter of Andrews' admissions and talk
Is not new or particularly valuable, be
cause all who have been identified with
this car.c have concluded that not only is
Andrews a most -extraordinary criminal
and fiend, but that William Ellis, his
last victim, is also an extraordinary
character, whose relations with Andrews
stamp Mm as being either a confederate
of a man h« knew to be a card sharp,
a murderer, a black leg, or else the will-
Ing vltfJm of one who, he declares, pos
sessed a remarkable, hypnotic influence
over him.
With these contradictions and extraor
dinary idmisslons of Ellis, the police are
led to N adopt the theory that Ellis and
Andrews really were con federates, in a
plan to operate in crooked games in
America that they quarreled over matters
that affected their* own enterprises or had
something to do with Andrews' "wife,"
upon w.iom Ellis has admitted his money
was lavished. ' through Andrews, to pro
vide her with Jewels and fine raiment.
" HIS STANDING 'GOOD. -
The s latement * that has been made : by
San Francisco sporting men that Ellis was
concern id In : a , crooked racing; coup 7in
Australia and was : ruled off Uhe '- turf
there, being"" obliged Yin consequence to
seek n<w pastures, was spoken : of sto5 to
Ellis to-day, and he showed a disinclin
ation to discuss such a matter/declaring
positively, however,"' that he was a mem-
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN: ERANCIS<HOr : SUNDAY^;OCTOBER^S, ;V 1905-^PAGES^2S 'TO v 36:
•'AGENT FROM WHOM ELLIS AND
i ANDREWS RENTED THE COT
TAGE IN BERKELEY.
ber in.' good standing of the Kensington
Bookmakers' Club in Australia, and that
his record was clear and good. He urged
all who were concerned to write to Aus
tralia and learn for themselves about his
career and standing in Australia.
A minor detail in which Ellis appears
to have contradicted himself is that
while yesterday he referred to Andrews'
deformed chest as having been, accord
ing to Andrews, a misfortune that he had
borne "from birth, to-day Ellis says An
drews told him his chest was injured
in a railroad wr?fck.
Ellis - reiterates that on last Monday
night he stayed at the house.. occupied by
Andrews, in Berkeley, and, that for sev
eral hours Andrews discussed with him
methods by which mQneycould be made,
"bunko" ar.d burglary being only two of
the various means suggested by Andrews.
Ellis was invited to become- a burglar
and a professional crooK by Andrews
and Berkeley was referred to as an ideal
'community which would be easy to in
vade and fruitful in spoil.
To Jhese overtures. Ellis says, ~he was
not responsive, but dreaded to appearre
sentful, Andrews having such hypnotic
or magnetic influence iver him -that it
was impossible to oppose directly his pro-.
, posals. i
TALK OF CROOKED WORK.
Ellis had been assured by Andrews be
fore coming to. America, . he said to-day,
that in America opportunities ; for. money
making were abundant. When Ellis
asked to be told in exact terms last Mon
day Just. what these golden opportunities
were, Andrews replied with a suggestion
that- burglary and other crooked work
would produce. the gold.' \u25a0 . ; ./ •' \u25a0
To such suggestions tUlis insists that
he -was not at all favorable -.and.' that:' it
was on this night he determined W at
once - cut loose from the 'man - and \ his
wife, who had been- such intimate friends
with him in: Australia ana* aboard; the
steamship eh i route, for America. It, was
that night, after hearing # this lurid talk
from Andrews regarding . criminal \u25a0: meth
ods of .T making 'money, 'that j Ellis .lay
awake most of the \u25a0 night, listening to
whispers from --ndrews'-and his wife in
the adjoining. bedroom t and frightened at
the; thought ; that .he was fn such -close
proximity to : a" man he perceived was a
cold-blooded,' "desperate crook..' .
"Next day, Ellis says, Andrews^ treated
the .conversation of the ; night ~ before
lightly,,' declaring that', he ;,v.as merely
testing Ellis; while proposing ; the crooked
work, all he'desired being assurance fhat
Ellis, ; indeed,':, was 1 not! Inclined to; crook
ed vrork,' as •. -Vat- crook -.would 1 ' never do
business •- with him :, (Andrews)." ,• .
TRIED TO POISON- ELLIS.
\u25a0. A queer :.liature' of Ellis' story: to-day
In his reference to a bottle" of poison given
to, him by Andrews on last -Monday night
In the house at Berkeley.' Ellis says that
after' complaining of .a sore T throat. An
drews .produced a bottle or permanganate
of. potassium,.. afpolsonS. >vhlch he'sug
gested, that JS'lis drink. The stuff 'ls used
by people v.'ho desire a mouth wash and
for such purpose may 'be harmless, but
Ellis insists that. Andrews proposed that
he drink the liquid v v.-nich would, of
course, have produced death^ Ellis did
not drink it. The poison label was plain
ly apparent on the bottle and Ellis still
has the bottle.
It has been suggested to the police that
Andrews' present "wife," who. assisted
him in the attempt to murder Ellis last
Wednesday, may be Xina Ward Huntley,
who was sent to' San. CJuentln from Los
Angeles in ISOO for one. year for a dia
mond robbery. Her description is said
to tally with the description of Andrews'
present "wife," g^iven by Ellis to the po
lice. No photograph of the Huntley wo
man has been procured here or shown to
Ellis or any Tone else in Berkeley for
Identification purposes.
S. B. Kenfleld, the real estate agent of
Berkeley, who rented the house on. Ells
worth street : to. Andrews, his "wife" and
Ellis on October 3, -has looked at An
drews' portrait, which the police records
contain, and identifies \u25a0 him as the indi
vidual to \u25a0 whom, he rented, the Kllsworth
cottage. vKenfleld's identification is not
so positive,', however, as that of Ellis,*
who, of course,' knew Andrews' features
better than, the real estate agent, and so
made further Identification nothing more
than corroboration of , an -already estab
lished fact; Kenfleld said to-day:
"There are doubts dn. my mind regard
ing Ellis' assumption. of being merely ; a
guest of the Andrews couple, as I un-.
derstand he -he, was. When An
drews came to me to rent the house last
week he was accompanied by the woman
and by Ellis. While Andrews appeared
to be the dominant party :iri the trio, I
observed i that Ellis , was quite as • much
Interested \u25ba in- the matter, apparently, as
Andrews. *' Ellis was ; particularly, con
cerned when : informed .that the couple's
trunks had not been S brought over for
delivery to the house, a3 expected,- and
fussed and fumed a great deal about that.'
He was far from appearing to be merely
a guest |or companion j only of 'Andrews
and . the> woman." I ' supposed he was: as
much in : the renting arrangement . as An
drews."- \u25a0 . :\u25a0\u25a0. ' ;''' '\u25a0'''' : ;•. .'
COLORADO TO CLAIM ANDREWS.
Ready Wl<h Requisition to Bring Him
to -'Answer 'f or , Murder.
COLORADO | ; SPRINGS, j Oct., 14. — So
certain are the local < police that Bessie
3outon's murderer, has been 'located in
California : that '_ they are . redoubling
their efforts to bring/ him to justice.
Chief of Police Alex ; Adams ,is in com
munication with the San Francisco au
thorities,.and. the moment Franklin is
captured /requisition papers will be
gotten out for him. ami undoubtedly
there will -be 'a fight for him between
Colorado and- California; . ; \u25a0 ' . . \u25a0
Last : night;Ohief 'Adams', received a
telegram -.from x- Chief -Dinan of San"
Francisco -rekarding:;the identity', of
the;wqrnan " whose. hand'ap'pears oir the
slioulder.i'bf. *thr, '.published 'photograph.
of^Milton Franklin : Andrews. ;'lt is the
photograph \u25a0.that", was Jused' in ; ' the', circu
lar sent out by -former Chief of ''Police
W. • s.;Ueynol4s,t>vho, stated -Ithat the
woman 'has'- lio I ' "connection.;! with Frank
lin's ":••\u25a0\u25a0< crimes, I,'but1 ,' but- is ; a smember: of \u25a0' his
fami)y.'>-*Presumably}she,lsHhe wife of
Franklln'Sf brother.] who lives at \u25a0:Haft
ford,; Conn. 7^^Karly "• last | spring a ; mys
terious i woman; calledj at; the VFrankll]^
home : at Hartford ' andt tookj tlie 'brother
toHhe ' hidlrig'place': of = the -murderer in
NEW YORK'S
POLITICIANS
ALL AT SEA
tt j» n jf j ;
llDdloL b UdllUiUdU V
Complicates the
Situation,
Three-Fourths of His
Vote to Come From
Democrats. y
Republicans Claim This Will
Result in Election of
Their Nominees. ,
Special Dispatch. to The Calk
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Veteran political
campaigners admit that the' unexpscted
strength shown by Hearst's Municipal
Ownership League complicates *the .situa
tion ; that I they cannot venture a ; predic
tion, of the result, it is he will
poll a heavy vote in the East Side. Man
hattan, where his paper circulates^ freely
amongji-.thi^-torjiffnv eltrri'ent \u25a0'. who .have
become^aturailizeq^vbtfers. , Not only^this,
but a more; respep table element, vis: the
devotees^ of Henrjr: George, : are v txpecUd
to support his city' ownership ticket.- .",
...Never . at the beginning of a political
campaign have Brooklyn politicians bten
more puzzled than they ..- are this year.-
This arises 1 ' from"- the fact that. no» esti
mate .can be made of the vote that the
Municipal Ownership League will receive
in that borough!" Senator McCarren said
to-day ; ,t'Hat^the. third ticket, could not
' prevent : the 'election of the Democrat can
dfdate," while' the Republicans are con- 1
fident that the Hearst ticket will receive
so many 1 Democratic votes that the elec
tion of thtir local > ticket is assured. :
The Democrats were declaringtcn days
ago that they would elect their. entire lo
cal ticket, but that confidence is now dis
sipated and, the leaders realize that It, will
take the hardest kind 'of work to pull
through the local candidates.
-Hears.f has never shown any political
strength In Brooklyn/ and his efforts •to
organize the '.municipal ownership ad
herents.did not* meet with much success.
The propaganda for.municipal ownership
in that borough has been carried on by, a
Brooklyn - organization, with Coroner
Flaherty, jat | Its head, and with an en
*rolled membership of more than - 10,000.
This organization has come out. squarely
for thelHearst ticket and Coroner Piah
crty .is on^the.local ticket as the candi
date'for Sheriff. \ ; . . ; ;
, Some idea \ of : the Hearst. . strength in
Brooklyn will j be ' obtained on Wednesday
night, when', the on the city
'ticket .will. speak- at'a mass meeting. It
will mark the.opehlng of. the campaign In
Brooklyn ' and ;will be followed on Friday
night by four Democratic meetings, at
.which : Mayor McClellan will speak.: The
Democrats- expect, *, and the Republicans
fear, : that if. .the "Municipal^ Ownership
League makes an aggressive campaign in
Brooklyn," many s of:. the conservative Rc
publicans^will.. vote for Mayor
It. is estimated, \ however, that "more than
three-quarters of the Hearst, vote ! in , the
greater -city 'will come from the Demo
crats. i;'V-'-»-- •*'• •''•7-V r'r.-- : .'- '
In nearly- every, district . the Municipal
Ownership' League « will either run inde
pendent candidates for Assemblymen and
'Aldermein^orlndofse the Republican'can
didates: %^ \ " "V. s ' \u25a0.
PRINTS RUMOR
OF A MURDER
PARIS. JCtet. 15J-"-The Petit Caporal
thin morninff publishes a rumor that
Prince Louli >npolroo, Governor G«n
eral of \u25a0 the ;, Cnucaaun, has befn \u25a0 »»sa»
sinated at Tiflls. - ; V : -;\
.' There 'la no confirmation 'of this ru
mor | la ' official or other Mourcri.
• .ELIZABETHPOL.VR" ssI a. Oct. 14^
Hostilities ; have f broken :\u25a0 out ' between
Tartars.arid /'Armenians in'".the :'. sur
rounding- distrlcts.'jand'bands' are firing
upoii. one another 'in- the villages.,^Two
Armenian and nlne';Tartar villages have
already.: been/destroyed. -.'\u25a0.;• ,j. •
Temblors Terrorize Populace.
MILAN, Oct. 14,— Dispatches received
here from Reggio,lMonteleon and]Mes-.
sina" say {'that '-further> violent earth
quake I shocks Shave. occurred -and * that
considerable" damage 'Was done to-prop
erty. The^dispatchesfadd that. the peo-_
pie are'.p'ahlc-strlcken. '''.'u_' : '' f y}yjJ>"
New York City. . ; - . -
hi It -A was - • soon r afterward j that ; Chief !
[Re'yrioltls' secured the/photograph of
, Milton ;; Franklin f Andrews ; • from "' his
, brother's -.wife, v TT/'k-'. •:, \ •.. ' •/-- 'V^
' THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR — "What Happened to
. -Jones." Matinee to-day.
CALIFORNIA— BurIesque. Matlne* ;
.-* .to-e!ay.
CENTRAL— "The Wllltscara." Mati
ne« fo-rlay.
CHUTES— Vaudeville. Matinee to-day.
GRAND— "In Old Kentucky." Matl
;•\u25a0 nee. to-day. ' "f&tSm
\u25a0MAJESTIC— "Humbus." MatlneV to
* day.
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matlne* to
i day.
.TIVOLI— ;Grand Orera.,
TERM IN JAIL AND FINE
FOR A CONGRESSMAN
Congressman Williamson of Oregon, convicted of suborna
tion of yperjiiry in connection with Oregon's land fraud
cases j was yesterday sentenced to pay a fine of $500 and to
serve, ten months in jail. Ex-Commissioner Marion R. Bigg^s
received a similar sentence.
John N. : Williamson of Oreoon Sentenced
OREGON CONGRESSMAN CONVICTED OF SUBORNATION OF PERJURY. WHO
WAS YESTERDAT SENTENCED TO PAY A FINE OF $500 AND SERVE A
'' TERM . OF TEN MONTHS IX THE COUNTY JAIL.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND.. Oct.; 14.-Johp Newton
Williamson, Congressman from Oregon
for • the. second district, was sentenced in
the -United States court to-day to serve
; ten months imprisonment and pay a fine
'of $500. «; He^was : lectured by the . court
for the failure to set" a^good example to
others, because of his exalted "public posi
tion. /\u25a0; '•"' •- .<;-. \u25a0\ . - .- .
J Marion R..lilggs^ex-Unlted States Com
mlssi6nerV>ae'taxed : by the court with
a sJmilarrdereHcti6n;'of'duty and given an
equal penaltyj;; but ;the"! case of Dr. Van
Uesner, convicted* o£~beirig a fellow con
splrator "to suborn- perjury, on account of
age and feeble .health the term of im
prisonment; was cut In two and the fine
doubled. 'Appeals are pending and a stay (
of execution /was : made pending a fur
ther o'rQer'of.the court. Meanwhile, Con
gressman Williamson will go free on his
own recognizance, .' but -. | bond , of 54000
wass" required of the other two defendants,
as during\th"e trial of: the case.-.^As the\
term;, of "^imprisonment 'is less 'than on©
year-.the 3 sentences' must be served»in the
county Jail.. >;.-.. . :'\u25a0'... , '
When the. time arrived for the; Judge to
impose sentence ?'Judge* Hunt asked -Wil
liamson^ to ;stand v up.'_;With his hands In
his pockets ; and .with no,- change in color,*
looking?, the* Judge squarely; in. the face,
Williamson^sto'odj ready to. receive . his
condemnation^ -Judge Bennett , ' his coun
sel, .interposed v; an • objection,^ on: . the
ground:* that; his:" client' is a member of
Congress 'and -,the : Imposing of sentence
wouldvlnterferevwlth his .attendance and
conflict :, with) , his :: . constitutional ,. rights.
This -was /overruled. ." ' :
•<-< "Mr.; WllliamsopV' .."" said : . Judge .Hunt,
f'ah Indictment; was brought by the Grand
Jury, \u25a0 charging^. you ywlth conspiracy.-, to
suborn -perjury.^ Your/ plea of not guilty
was entered 7 and /t upon ~. trial 7 you -were
found guilty. "?,Tb,e*i time has^ no w arrived
to .'-. impose v penalty. //Have • you I anything
to say' before "'sentence -"is passedrupon
y_OU?". "• ;",.'\u25a0; ; '"•?.'. ;' ,-r»' : . '<...'' -';/ '
\u0084; iThere , was \u25a0* no , plea for;, mercy from Wil
liamson. \u0084 HeYanswered* irT-aVnrm voice, 1
grimly,. v without- shifting -'his; position:
"I 'guess "It* has all- been said," Judge." * ;
'\u25a0:V . -.•\u25a0'."•..\u25a0 • : *<-''. 3: -"'-V:- i ;':."' :; :T v " Jt ' '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u0084:
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FATAL DUEL
IS FOUGHT IN
MINING TOWN
Frenchman and Miner
Exchange Shots in
Bullfrog.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BULLFROG, Oct. 14.— 1n a street duel
this afternoon A.. J. Jodoln. a French
man,, shot and -almost Instantly killed.
"Bob" Arnold, a prospector originally
of Madlsonvllle, Ky.. but recently of
Salt Lake and Denver. 1 The trouble,
arose over a trifling remark made by
Jodoln last night at which Arnold took
offense and drew his gun and struck
Jodoin a severe blow on the head, mak
ing an ugly cut.
To-day -as Jodoln was leaving a sa
loon Arnold began shooting. Jodoin
turned, pulled out his revolver and
taking deliberate aim. pulled the trig
ger. His revolver miS3ed, flre four
times, but the fifth attempt was suc
cessful and Arnold fell, shot through
'the abdomen. He died thirty minutes
later.
\u25a0Jodoln surrendered and tis in Jail
waiting the , verdict of the Coroner's
Jury, now being empaneled. This la tho
first killing in Bullfrog.26
MAKCOari WIRELESS.
SHIPKKS TO BE
PREVENTED By
: WIRELESS,
Lighthouses and Lightships
Equipped With the Mar-
coni System to Summon
Lifeboats and Report Ships
in Distress.
FO6 XO LOXGER TERROR
OF OCEAX TRAVEL
Two Hundred Sailors Adrift
in the Open Ocean Res-
cued by- the Aid of Timely
Wireless 3lessage.
\u25a0 ~ \u25a0 —
Si>ec:al to The Call.
tiKW YORK. Oct. H.— The Press As-
pvciiition. through th« London Tele-
graph. :innouiu.vs that the Board ot I
Trade and Trinity House have ilnally !
t-ojiL-luded a contract with the Marconi j
AVlrehss Telegraph Company, provid- !
ingr.fur the Immediate equipment and j
installation of the Marconi system on
every lighthouse and lightship guard-
ing the coasts of Engrland, Scotland
and Jivland. This important arrange- I
jricii will enable the lightships to com-
inuuicale with one another and with-j
tho slaor* :.y wir^J^ss telegraphy, not
uiily.for the ordinary purposes of light- I
«hip s. rvlec but also to report ships in
tiistrts-s. This decision was brought
about as a result of several months'
successful operation on the Kast Good-
win LJgtotthlp, which has already |
proved on several occasions to be of I
\u25a0special utility in reporting: damage
from storm and in securing prompt as-
ei^tanee.
Many attempts w«?re made to connect
and maintain cable communication be-
tween lightships md the mainland, but
the cable proved both so expensive and
uncertain that it was discarded and re-
rlace«l by the more dependable and less
expensive system of Wireless Tcleg-
raj.hy.
Tikis Marconi installation on the East
Goodwin Lightship was the means of
eaviag a r.ur.ili r of human lives, be-
*UK-s property of considerable value.
I- vJdence in the Admiralty Court shows
that thanks to a single short wireless
n.tfcsage a loss ot $^50.00 to one st^ani-
er was averted. Again, the big sailing
vessel R. F. Mathews was promptly
towed out of danger by the tugboats
Kumtr.oned by a wireless message to
her assistance.
In the case of the French warship
Fujly. which sank off the coast of
Rrkttce. when going down she called
for help by the Marconi service, and
the Gueydon came a distance of eighty
mile* to the rescue and picked up, the
entire crow of two hundred and fifty
persons, then adrift in the open oc£an.
That wireless telegraphy is capable
and <i< stined to become of incalculable-
value to humanity, no one who has
given thought to the subject can doubt.
Light signals are hidden and sound sig-
nals are muffled by fog. which, how-
ever, is no hindrajic? to Marconi Teleg-
raphy. Marconi Wireless is to tht>
ocean what the Bell Telephone is to the
land.
The Marconi system has established
afcrt-ncles in Italy, Norway, Sweden.
Russia-. Holland. Denmark, Iceland, The
Dutch Kast ladies, Austria, Belgium,
India. China, Brazil, Feru." Chill, The
Argentine, Uruguay. Ecuador. Panama,
Prance, Mexico, United States and Can-
ada.
The Marconi sy.«terri is in daily ope-
ration between both sides of the Atlan-
tic and all trans-Atlantic steamships
and war vessels at s<ia. Every day now
from Poldhu. England; from Wellfleet,
United States, and from Cape Breton.
Canada, messages are sf>nt to vessels at
sea up to a distance of 2200 miles.
Many of these are news dispatches and
sire printed in daily papers issued each
<3ay on the liners equipped with the
Marconi system. There Is no time
Throughout the trip across whoa a ves-
sf-1 using,th<v wireless cannot be reach-
ed or when she cannot communicate
with her homo office if necessary.
The value of wireless telegraphy was
\u25a0well illustrated a few days ago in the
case of a Wall-street broker, Mr. Hy.
Steele, who, during the trip of the
eteamer St. Louis, became acquainted
•with a promoter going to London to
finance a large proposition. After get-
ting- particulars of the deal the tlnan-
cier agreed to furnish the money, but
before signing the contract th<; pro-
moter insisted on the payment of J.SOvO
"earnest" money. Insipid o£. waifng
until the ship "eaei»l Liverpool i: n<i
taking chances that the promoter
Ti-ould change his mind, hoping to get
better terms from English '-apitalists,
the enterprising broker sent the fol-
lowing wireless message to his office in
Wall street: "Pay at once to American
Steamship Line $5000, instructing
purser St. Louis to pay me."
Th<, money was paid, and a few
hours later tho purser of the St. Louis
received wireless instructions to pay
the New York financier.
Thf- Marconi Company has already
prov* d itsplf a large money earner and
1s In receipt of constantly increasing
revenues. The earnings of the Well-
fieet station alone, working in conjunc-
tion with its co-ordinate station at
Poldhu. Is estimated to be at least
11.500.000 per annum. Many readers of
this paper had the opportunity a few
years ago to.i>uy Bell Telephone stock
at a very low figure. One hundred dol-
lars invented then has increased to over
5200.000 to date. The only difference
botwe«n the B*ll Telephone opportu-
nity you missed, and the Marconi op-
portunity you need not miss, is in the
name. Th<± time to buy is now. when
Marconi stock can still be had at a
comparatively low price. Your chancu
for profit is in lindingr out that this in-
vestment is a good one, before every-
body else knows it. If Bell Telephone
stock were offered now, at the price it
was sold to early Investors, it wouldn't
last a minute. You would telegraph
the money. Marconi Securities taken
to-day are just as good.
The company is now operating com-
mercially on a large scale and the pro-
fits will soon be. large enough to pay
large and permanent dividends anil
make the market value of the stock
several t:n«s the present selling price.
The Marconi system is a demonstrated
success, and its future is as safe and
fully assured as that of the Bell Tele-
phone. \u25a0 Tho stock is continually in-
creasing in price and going fast." It
won't last much longer. Soon every-
body will want it. It will be no better
then than now. but It will cost more.
Tho last statement furnished by tho
Marconi Company shows that there is
only a small amount of treasury stock
unsold.
Through our exclusive agreement
with Marconi'fe Wireless Telegraph
Company, we are able to offer, for Im-
mediate application, the 'small balance
of our allotment of the full-paid, non-
assessable, shares of the Marconi Wire-
less Telegraph Company of Canada and
the Certificates of- the Marconi Wireless
Telegraph Company of America. We
expect the price of both these stocks
will be further advanced any day,
without further warning. Your chance
Bf the present price will soon be gone.
Subscribe to-day if you want to profit
by the advance.
For those who desire, we will accept
subscriptions also on the installment
plan. Send for full particulars x to-day,
right now. before you forget it.
On request we will send yon our JC-
pa.ge Illustrated pamphlet on the Mar-
coni system and a free copy of the Mid-
Ocean Daily, a. newspaper published on
board alt the larg«» passenger steamers
on the Atlantic. Write us to-day — a poa-
tal card will do. Address all communi-
cations to F. P. WARD &. CO.. Bankers
and Brokers, 408 Crosaley Building,
San Francisco, Cal. Ton are invited to
call at our office and see the Marconi
Instruments In operation.
VAGABOND DUPES
PARIS SAVANTS
Youth Pretends to Talk a
Mysterious Tongue and Be
comes Center of Interest
HE CALLS IT AGRACH
Enjoys Strange Fame Until
Bertillon Learns That^He
Is a Notorious Criminal
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 14.— Not since de Rouge
thont fooled ". the" Royal . Geographical
Society, the • Wide .. World Magazine,
and the British public generally by his
fictitious accounts of adventures
-among undiscovered- tribes -of Austral
lan aborigines has there, been such a
successful hoax, as. that by '' which a
young Tyroleso. vagabond- has duped
\u25a0Parisian magistrates/ polyglot savants
and a host of other clever folk. ?>,,
Agostino Rinaldo, to give him his
real name, was arrested by the. Paris
police on a charge of vagrancy. He
was discovered sleeping on a bench,
and his ragged clothing- afforded pre
sumptive evidence that he had been
guilty of that offense among civilized
communities — existing without visible
means of support. That he had been
for some time a stranger to a square
meal was shown by his gaunt frame
and hollow cheeks. There was nothing
in his face to indicate that he was pos
sessed of a particularly shrewd intel
ligence. He looked much like many
other lads who have led a life of vaga
bondage.
As soon as he found he was nabbed ha
concocted a scheme to profit by his ar
rest. Shamming Ignorance of the re-,
mark addressed to him by the minions of
the law, he answered them in an unin
telligible Jargon. Btfore the magistrate,
M. Roty, he pursued the same tactics.
He epoke- volubly, but none of the court
interpreters could make anything out of
it, whereat he appeared much grieved.
Learned philologists and professors of
nearly every known language were equal
ly baffled by his strange tongue.
judge: leakxs language.
Scorning the suggestion that the lad
was an Imposter, the sympathetic Judge
set himself laboriously to work to ac
quire a knowledge of his strange lan
guage. The prisoner, established some
connection between himself and "Amard
Ritard," which the Judge took to be his
name. In the same way he arrived at
the opinion that the tongue which he
spoke was called "Agrach."
The Judge spent several hours daily
with his prisoner, compiling an Agrach-
French dictionaiy. He would draw a pic
ture of a horse, a house or a tree and
jot down the name which the youth gave
to it. By this linguistic kindergarten
method he fashioned some sort of history
of the lad, frcm which it appeared that
at one time he had lived in the midst of
a forest— a forest where the tiger roams—
by the side of a river. In a steamer with
two funnels he had crossed the ocean
and the rest was a dark mystery.
RinalUo. meanwhile, _ became the hero
of the hour. The Judge supplied . him
with food from his own private table
and replaced his rags with a good suit
of clothes. Ha held receptions daily to
which learned men resorted to acquire a
smattering of Agiach. All sorts 'of
theories were ventilated in the press to
account for him. That which found most
acceptance was that he was some species
of sa\ - age who had escaped from the
tutelage of Colonel Cody's "Wild West"
Ehow, which had been traveling recently
In France.
If "it had not been for the telltale
finger Jirints which have proved the un
doing of so many clever rogues Rinaldo
might still have been living In. clover,
with the prospect of some day becoming
the author of a rival to Esperanto or
Volapuk. While the magistrate was
coddling him, M. Bertlllon, the chlef*of
the anthropometrical department of the
French police, took an impression of his
finger orints and then started a search
among the criminal archives ,for dupli
cates. The denouement was 'somewhat
dramatic. • . \u25a0
BERTH-LOST EXPOSES FAKE.
M. Roty was telling several persons of
the progress he 'had made in mastering
Agrach. He had ascertained by means of
pictures that the mysterious stranger
not only recognized a horse, but knew
how to ride one. And that afternoon he
had invited the lad to accompany him on
a ride in the Bois de Boulogne, from
which he anticipated, among other
things, a considerable enlargement of
his Agrach vocabulary. Then he sum
moned the youth into the room and ejac
ulated something that sounded like "Jig
gery jaw jampot." He told the company
that was. Agrach fon'"How do you do?"
The lad replied in words which tho mag
istrate' had not heard before and which
he hurriedly added to the reams of fools
cap which contained his embryo Agrach-
French dictionary. At this juncture M.
Bertillon rushed into the room.
"I have found the scoundrel out!" he
fxclalmed. Then turning td the youth,
whose face had not revealed the slight
<st indication that he - understood the
meaning 1 of the words, he went on, "Your
name Is Agostino Rinaldo and you are
from the Austrian Tyrol. You have been
arrested several times. You servfd your
last term of Imprisonment in Marseilles."
He proceeded to give a list of various
petty offtnses for w..iCh Rinaldo had
been imprisoned by the French police. Be-,
fore he finished speaking the lad realized
that the game was up. But it was not
penitence that caused him to burst Into
tears. It was the knowledge that the
good things that had been showered upon
him would be withdrawn and he would be
thrust forth into a hard, cold world again
to make a living by his wits, and that
Agrach would not serve him a second
time. He acknowledged that that lan
guage was a medley of thieves' lingo,
Italian and German slang and words of
his own Invention.
Among his dupes are several learned
philologists and it will be a long time be-
Is certain if you take Hood's Sarsaparilla. (
It cures those eruptions, boils and pimples which appear at all
seasons, cures scrofula sores, salt rheum or eczema and relieves the'
itching and burning; adapts itself equally well to, and also cures;
dyspepsia and all stonxach troubles ; cures .rheumatism and .catarrh ;
cures nervous trouh^s, debility and that tired feeling? ,
This is not merely modern theory,' but it is solid, upntb-date
fact, - ; . -. : . t s-- .-"•:.- r ; -
Proved iJy thousands of cures — 40,366 testimonials in the
It is, the world's greatest blood medicine. Gefbnly Hood's, and
THE SAN- FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1905.
GREATER NAVY
FOR GERMANY
Disclosure of Narrow Escape
From War AVitli Englancl
Arouses the Fatherland
NAVAL LEAGUE ACTIVE
Starts Agitation for Building
of as Many Ships as Na
tion's Finances Will Permit
BERLIN, Oct. IS. — The North German
Gazette print* at the head of Its col
umns this morning an Important ueinN
official paragraph regarding the Matin'a
revelations. It exonerate* the French
Government fully of uny connection
itUh the so-called revelations -and ac
cepts frankly the British Government's
denial of an offered alliance. . ' -
titi.HlL.xS, Oct. H. — 'me uisclosures in
France of alleged British otters of al*
liancfc ag-aiiiMt Germany are so thor
oughly believed here that the powerful
Naval League, with its 600,000 members
and all .the apparatus of agitation, is
already moving* for >a new naval pro
gramme that shall further Increase
Germany's defensive resources against
Great Britain. Popular distrust of
Great Britain has naturally swollen to
great proportions and the semi-of
ficial denials in London can scarcely
oVercome the convictions now formed
that Germany has had a narrow escape
from a war, which, although she would
have been . victorious on land, would
have resulted In he*r being crushed at
sea and damaged along the coast, with
the consequent destruction of her over
st& commerce. 'The events of the last
four months have silenced the oppo
nents of a naval increase, except the
Socialists and Radicals.
While time and money beyond Ger
man's resources would be necessary to
equal Great Britain's present navy, not
to speak of her future buildings, yet
the feeling is that Germany must, for
defensive reasons, build as many more
ship's as the country finances will bear.
The Government some months ago de
cided to introduce in the Reichstag a
measure substituting large for small
cruisers in the authorized naval pro
gramme. Whether \u25a0 the " Government
will increase the recommendations be
yond this or not is not yet known.
PARIS, Oct. 14.— Public opinion has
been wrought up during the present week
by alleged revelations of Great Britain's
readiness to invade Germany on behalf of
France. These revelations, following the
Franco-German controversy -over Moroc
co and the open declaration of Prince
Bulow, the German Imperial Chancellor,
favorable to a Russo-German rapproche
ment, created a feeling that France was
the center of dangerous enmities and
coalitions. Although the alleged dis
closures did not receive the slightest of
ficial recognition, they became the theme
for discussion throughout Europe and the
Intimations that former Foreign Minister
Delcasse was responsible for them led
to violent attacks against him, one Jour
nal-.going.. so,/ far ; as , to. accuse him of
WrfT ' ilßhb rim;*
TJelcasse^Sr repudiation of . the reports,
followed by the semi-official note of Fri
day, laying, that the "published reports
upon the Incidents accompanying the res
ignation of M. Delcasse; and notably the
details regarding the Cabinet council pre
ceding his resignation, are . ' 'inexact,'!
pricked the sensational bubble: but it had
riohe the less served, to excite intense
political bitterness in' the highest . cir
cles and disclosed the sensitiveness of
French statesmen to the maneuvers of
various European* powers to readjust
their ententes at the expanse of France.
From the mass of contradictory revela
tions and denials, the fact stands out
that the Morocco" controversy took Ger
many and France dangerously near the
verge of war, and that Great Britain,
while not officially promising military
aid, stood ready to give France her loyal
support The bitterness aroused by the
incident is indicated by the calling of a
special meeting of the 'Association of the
Parisian press for, October 18th; to con
sider charges made that certain journals
are under the influence'and in the pay of
foreign Governments. ."
MR. HHYAX WILL. BE GIVEN ,
HBAHTV WELCOME I-\ JAPAN
Pre*» Devote* Much Spnce to a His
tory of Hit; \e!)ra«kii»'!«
Career. : ./•;\u25a0\u25a0
TOKIO, Oct. J4.; — Vice Admiral Togo
landed at f*e Bay to-day and proceeded
direct to the great Ise; Temple, where
he worshiped. He will stay at Ise Bay,
until joined by hid other ships'.- when
he will proceed to Toklo fof>the naval
review. . :".• , " '\u25a0•-*;. . \u25a0"
Tho local papers express great pleas
ure at' the prospect 1 : of a: visit from W.
J. Brvan and rtevote much space Co tho
history of his political career, Mr. Bryan
landed at Yokohama, to-day.
Vice Admiral Sir. Gevitld Henry Noel,
has bcf-n Joined in this city by Lady
Noel and his daughters, who were met
at the railway "station .uj«oiv their ar
rival by a n,nmber : of Japanese naval
ofllcers. They drove to the British le
gation In an iinneriaJ/carriage.
Liberal* Win h'lVota'olc A'lctory.
LONDON,. Oct. si i.—rThC, Liberals won
a notable victory, yesterday in the elec
tion of J.O.i "Andrews to" represent the
Barkston' Ash division 6f the West Rid
ing division of Yorkshire by a majority
of H2S over the candidate,
George R. Lane-Kox.
fore .their friends cease guying.; them
about it. But the, most crestfallen, of .ms
victims is M. .Roty. He: had counted a.
great deal on the fame he would ; derive
irom that Agrach-French dictionary, 'me
Jaded. , Parisians owe Rinaldo something
fo* having provided them with a - new.,
sensation, and something left over to
laugh at just when the woman who won
a million francs In the lottery had ceased
to be a nine days' curiosity. \i
BEGINNING MONDAY, OCTOBER 16 --jl|H
' sents the world's^famous hair preparation . . .-. 1 ;=; = •
"the original remedy that kills the dandruff germ," and \
while at the^ OWL DRUG COMPANY'S. STORE will \
INSTRUCT iLL-FREE^-HOW TO CARE FOR THE HAIR AND SCALP
Don't miss seeing him, particularly if your hair requires attention. Advice received |
may be the means of saving what hair youhave, and restoring your scalp to a healthy \
condition— your v hair will then; grow as nature intended it shoufd. NEWBRO'S HER-
;, is known throughout the world as the only positive and absolute cure for
dandruff and falling hair;: Marvelous results follow its use. . . . . . . . .
.. .THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY WORTH YOUR WHILE— DON'T MISS 1T ...
BIG TRINITY TUNNEL.
WILL TURN RIVER
Great Project to Save
Gold Is Now Half
Completed.
Important Question Is
/ Raised in Court
in Alaska '
Exr Judge E. A. Belcher, who has Just
returned, from Trinity County, reports
that the big " tunnel which will drain
Trinity River for three-quarters of a
milo and with the aid of a deflecting dam
lay bare the river bed for chat distance
and enable miners to dig the gold that
is supposed to be in' the sands to the
amount of millions of dollars, is half
completed. The works are at Horseshoe
Bend and T. H. Seward, A. W. Lindsay
and Henry Anderson have them in
charge. The tunnel when llnlshed will
be 430 feet long. In driving the tunnel a
.great quantity of talc has been encoun
tered, necessitating much timbering. Not
withstanding all difficulties the work is
half done.
Mr. Belcher says that the most recent
discoveries and the most promising min
ing region in Trinity County are on the
New Kiver, about sixteen* miles from
Hawkins Bar and about sixty-five milea
from Eureka. Placer mining has been
carried on there in a small way since
the early days, but- all of. the lodes, are
recent discoveries. Several very prom
ising discoveries have been made this
year.
The La .Grange hydraulic mine, about
four miles from Weaverville, has made
a larger output thl3 year under the man
agement of Pierre Bourery than during
any previous season. The la3t clean-up
amounted to $70,000. The water was re
cently turned oft and new Humes are
being put in preparatory to next season's
work. Unusually low water has retarded
mining greatly throughout the summer
and fall within the water sheds of the
Trinity and Klamath : rivers.
Trie Hupp & McMurray placer on the I
outskirts of Weaverville has had a good j
run for the season. One of the most!
promising lode claims In Eastern Trinity,
Mr. Belcher says. Is the Bonanza King,
hitherto worked in a small way for some
years with a -cannon ball , mill. Next
spring James H. Porter, the superintend
ent, will put In a ten-stamp mill and the:
property will be developed extensively.
The Qulmby Creek Company has re
cently placed a nine-stamp mill on Its |
property and the stamps will begin drop
ping as soon as there is water sufficient
to drive the machinery. The Bear Tooth
mine has been thoroughly opened under
the management of F. P. Burris, the prin
cipal owner. The Intention is to place a
stamp mill on the property at once.
The ore of all the New River mines
in the vicinity of Burris assays very high,
Belcher says, some of it hundreds of dol
lars a ton. So far, within, the widely
extended zone, It is free milling.* It is
expected that the cyanide and other pro
cesses will- become necessary when deep
v/orkings \u25a0 are reached. Even though
slightly refractory ores should be en
countered there will be no difficulty In
treating them by. simple methods. .
Concerning operations In the Siskiyou
mining districts the Yreka Journal re
ports as follows:
The new quartz mill and cyanide' plant ; at
the Mono mine on Punch Creek, a tributary of
Humbug, just over: the mountain, west, of
Yreka, has been completed, and work will be
commenced in a f ew . days. : W. A.-Chamber
lain has been obliged to put in a large pump
at tho Black I Lead mine on Greenhorn. Just
above the old Blue Gravel claim, ". as the water
was too heavy to handle otherwise.
The Seattle parties bonding tha^ Greenhorn
Blue Gravel mine have organized a company
under the name of the Yreka Blue Gravel Min
ing: Company.'- ' -\ -:.
SCHWAB IS CONFIDENT.^
The Goldfleld News publishes an In
terview with - Charles M.c Schwab, in
which he Is represented as saying: :
It is my belief that Southern Nevada 1»
destined to be •\u25a0 developed Into the greatest i
mining section in the, world. . I. invested therein
on the '.representations' of , ; John McKane,* and
with the • utmost confidence, and the '. outcome
has convinced me ' that the : investment was
well made.' ' I am also confident that \u25a0 the next
, year will record a vastly increased output from
the mines of this entire mineral belt, and, be
lieve me, the world has become awakened to
this fact.
It is our Intention to push the exploitation
of our. properties as rapidly a 9 is possible un- '.
der the present facilities for handling the i
product; and one of the main purposes cf my !
present visit Is to look into the advisability j
of establishing a smelter somewhere in this \
section for the treatment .of. the ores mined in •
our properties. This plan, however, is as yet 1
embryonic, and I am unable to state- at this;
time just what the result will be in that re
upect. Mr. McKane is the arbiter In the mat- i
ttr, and whatever he advocates In the way of •
improvements at our mines and In the line |
of. future investments will meet with my ap- '.
proval. It is our purpose to visit our holdings •
at Bullfrog, which include the Great Eastern !
group and other*, and I may state that any- \
thing in the: way of profitable mining invest
ment that may be offered us will receive con- |
slderate attention. . ' . . ;
- Near Sumner Hot Springs, in Kern ;
County, several • locators have recently!
filed claims. Four mines will be pros- •
pected. One of the claljns is supposed (
to be rich in tungsten. I |
The old Midas mine in Harrison]
Gulch will be improved largely. \
The Redding Searchlight reports that '
G. F. ICendall, consulting engineer for J
the American Lead Corporation, ha 3 i
been inspecting the Bullychoop mining,
property. From this it is inferred by
the Searchlight that large operations
•are in prospects \u25a0 .\u25a0
Progress has been made at the Ban
ner mine. The , Miner-Transcript re
ports that the wateV in the north shaft
• has been lowered to a point fifty feet
below the 400-foot level. The south
shaft has. been drained to the depth of \u25a0
340 feet. As soon as the ,water is out
the shaft will be carried down to a depth ;
of 1200 feet. Senator Belshaw is in- j
terested in the property. j
An attempt will be made by parties !
In interest to raise sufficient funds, to
liquidate the indebtedness of the New
York-Grass Valley mine in Nevada
County. J. W. Heisner and Edwin
Fernald have gone East to interview
the principal stockholders. At a re
cent meeting the old board of directors
was re-elected. It is probable that the
property will be further developed.
WICKERSHAM DECIDES.
Judge Wickersham has delivered a
mining decision in Alaska that has
wide application and has, according to.
the Fairbanks News, settled the ques-. [
tion aa to what constitutes a discovery J
of mineral under the' location laws, i
This; phase of the matter is of very;
great Importance to people in Califor- |
nia who -have made locations. The I
News. -reports the following general
facts relating, to the case, which was
entitled Kinghorn et al. vs. Audrak,
Semply, McQueen. et al.:
No case before the court has taken uo more
time, or has been more bitterly contested. It
was a four-sided- fight for mining ground on
Cripple Creek st the mouth of Esther- Creek.
There were so many conflicting interest* that
even the attorneys on those most directly In
terested have apparently become confused In \u25a0
trying to follow all of its devious windings
and turnings through the mass of law which
has been brought to bear upon the question. I
It Is a continuation. In a sense, of the Stur- j
Dr. Humphreys' Seventy-
SeVen breaks up Grip and I
The "Important time to stop a Cold is
at; the etarti because one person in five \
dies of diseases caused by neglected :
Colds. Grip, 'Pneumonia, Consumption i
and ".Diphtheria supply the harvest for j
the krini reaper. You can be safe, you j
can be protected, you can be fearless \i I
you will carry or keep handy Dr. Hum- |
phreys'. "Seventy-seven" and take It at
the start, the easy time. to cure, a, Cold. '
breaks up : a -neglected Cold that
hangs on, .but It, takes a little longer. :"
At Druggists', or mailed/ 25 cents. .\
ETMedlcal Guide mailed free. \u0084, : -rvV
Humphreys' \ Homeo, Medicine Co., ~ Cor. Wil-
liam and John streets, , New York. *,'-.*« \u25a0 .
tevant case. In this the contention is between
two groups, as well aa against the individual
locator — the Sturtevant case hetnz a group
against an individual. Here the groups over
lap each other. The ground was first taken up
as separate mining claims. Then came a group
party and located the same ground, and an
other group party located adjoining ground,
which overlapped this ground. Sturtevant was
interested In No. 11. Esther Creek, and his
claim was included In the original group, but
he wa* awarded the decision, after a sensa
tional trial, and now has possession of that
1 claim.
The Judge. In dismissing the case, said thar
I he had lately come into possession of a ruling
i from the Supreme Court and this, togetner
; with the fact that he had become better ac
| qualnttd with tae conditions, made him feel
! disposed to modify some of the points laid
j down In former decisions^ " The seven reasons
' for dismissing the case are here given, but
I the principal Interest contained therein Is the
! fact that he Indicates that one discovery for
; eight claims will no. longer serve — there must
j be a discovery for every separate claim.
! 'While his remarks In dismissing the case
i before him may not have the force of a formal
! opinion, yet they indicate what is to be cx
i pected when that question Is regularly up for
i determination. , .
The principal bone of contention at' the out
set was, "What constitutes' a discovery of
mineral under the location laws?"' It was !n
the famous Sturtevant surtace discovery case,
tried during the early pan of the term, that
| the court decided that a eweovery of colors on
' the surface was sufficient to hold a. mining
claim. \u25a0 After the decision in this case, the
plaintiff was indicted before the Grand Jury,
and. after an exciting ann highly rensattoail
trial, he was acquitted on the charge of per
jury. But the case had Its deslrea effect; the
\u25a0 question was as to whether or not muck, cr
whatever the substance Is which lays on top of
bedrock, carries gold, was determined. Export
after expert testified that colors or prospects
could be found almost any place along the
creeks in this vicinity. Then the question came
squarely to the court. "Does the mere finding
of colors of gold create a discovery _cf mineral.
; under the mineral laws of the United States?"
i The first case In which this question arose af
; ter the Sturtevant case was the case which in
] volved a conflicting townslte as against a con
flicting mining claim. It was not tried before
the court, but by the Jury. However, the court
in Its Instructions, which at the time were pub-
V Three pieces, just as cut represents; made up 4
in solid oak, quarter sawed; massive swell effect;
: beautifully carved; large French plate mirror,
;; 30x36;- lined drawer, etc.
j $132=
I Tnis is a beautiful Solid Mahogany set. consisting of Bed,
I Dresser and Chiffonier, finished in colonial effect; the polish and \
I . general make-up of these pieces is richj artistic and up to date in
X every respect.. ...
•\u25a0 . Other houses ask 20 per cent higher for these same goods. We give ,
\u25a0*._ you the benefit of our having no rent to pay by reducing prices. (
yr/ZFOIDEST/INDMOST^
llstaed in full, told the Jury that tha mere find
ing of colors or indications did not crcat- a
diecovery; that in order to constitute a i£M
covery tho Indications, colors or prospects fo>r^
must be such as would warrant a prudent man-
In the expenditure of money In the further
working o£ such property.
This instruction was at the time regarded as
a death blow to what had been known aa sur
face discoveries.
But it Is one thins for the court to instruct
and another thing: for the jury to decide. Tna
Juries ara the Judge 3 of the facts of the cas*.
: and the only power that the court has Is to tell
. them what the law Is. In a case tried a few
days ago where surface discovery was relied
upon the court gave this same Instruction to
the Jury but they were out but a short tlm»
and brought In a verdict In favor of the sur
face discoverer. And in none of the cases
which have been tried", except the one -wner*
'• the townslte was Involved, nave they agreed as
against the first locator.
- SE.VD FOR THEM.
Bring the Home Folk* West Wall*
Rates Are Low.
You've been thinking about It a lons tlma.
Don't wait any longer. Rate* are low bow
ircm the. East to California. Tha. Eaata *'•
will telegraph the ticket and- *%* that your
folks get special attention. T&e conductor wiU
look after them all the way to California.
$30 from New York.
|33 from Chicago.
J25 from Kansas City. Low rates also from
other place*. Write for them to F. W. Prince.
City Ticket Agent. Santa F« Railway. 63J
Market street. San Francisco. •
James B. Smith to Wed.
James B. Smith, president of the
Western Fuel Company, will be mar
ried to-day to Inez Emma Ray. Tha
ceremony will take place at the home
of the proapective's groom's mother.
The bride is a Portland belle and a
social leader In that city. Mr. and Mrs.^
Smith will go south on their honey- T
moon. After their return they will re
side near San llateo.The* Shield of
\u25bc Q,uality is the
"Always Ready"
\/PATENT^L /
APPLIED FOB^'
A complete garment worn under
th« corset tc protect all th*» cloth-
ing- from injury by perspiration.
Made In California. Plain. Csc;
ventilnted, ZT,o.
ALL FIRST-LASS DEALERS
\ C. BENEDICT CO.. I.\C,
ICOS nroadway. Oakland. Cal.
Ihe "KGRtStOOp"
Shoulder Brace
and Suspender
/^^^v PATENTED
V Stroig-y
Trfiduc^s that ciUiuiy effect bo much
Ces!r«a.
Womzn's, Misses' c - _ _
end Bcyi*. all siz-s Jpl.oo
Men's, aU s'z 3S $1.25
FOlt KAI4S BY
O'Connor, Mcffatt it Co.
, D. Samuels Lac«- House Company.
R. 1: Davis & Co.
The «ity or Paris Dry Goods Company.
The Pr&ger Company, Inc.
Crescent Corset (Jomj.any.
Bowman & Cfti Bush and Kearny sts.
Fred B. Huitir.e. l>rurgist. 3d & Howard.
Zeh's Cut-Kaie Itrvg More. 12JXS Market.
Schwartz & Goodman, »4 Third st.
A. Mautz & Co., 2536 Mission st.
Licht!g"s Cash Sure. J628 Polk st.
Michael Duane, 3""27 SiKtefnth st.
W. J. Ramsey, .'.27 Hayes St.
E. E. Haitlrigs. 3." iS Devisaciero st.
E. Mason living. 385 V&lr ncia st.
11. Haraas. I>ruggi£t. 9th and Mission.
OAKLAND STOIIES
TVifhart Druj? 1001 Washington.
Bo^vman i Co.. lIOS Broadway; 14th and
Broadway, loth aye. and E. 14th 6t.
Osrof-d. Drucpist. 7th and Broadway and
v 12th and Washington.
ss> Crescent Corset Co., 46S 13th Et.
Taft & Pennoyer, 14th and Broadway.
Kehn Brothers, 32th nrd Washington.
H. C Carweil Co.. 12th and Washington.
Salir.per's. Inc.. 1013 Washington.
P Flj-r.r.. Bacon block, 12th street.
BERKELEY STORES
tTnlvers'ty HJ'.amiaoy, 21<X> .-";. struck »ye.
T. J. Donough. 14*5'J Phs.ttack aye.
Bowman &; Co.. 2112 Center et.
sax jo si:
University Drug Co., M E. Santa Clara st.
THE KAXTSTOOP BRACE CO^
Patentees and Manufacturers
l(Wr> flroadway. Oakland. Cal.
PERFECT
Cleanses and beautifies the
teeth and -purifies the breath.
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Convenient for tourists.
PREPARED 8Y
OCEAJT TItA YE L.
eßtesjners lears Piers 3
\u25a0ad 11, Ben Franrinoo:
For Ketchlkan. Wranrsl.
Juneau. Treadwe.ll. Halne*.
Ekasrwar. etc. Alaska— ll
s, m.. Oct. 2, 7. 12, 17. 2Z
n. Not. 1. Chance to thU
compsoj's steamers at Be-
atUe.
For Victoria, Vaneourer,
Port Towr»send. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes. South BelllnKham. Belllngham— 11 a.
S. Oct. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Not. 1. Chancs at
Seattle to This company's steamers for Alaska
and O N By- at Seattle or Tucoma to N. P.
Rt \u25a0 at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
r. no.. Oct. 2, 8. 14. 20, 28 Nor. 1. Corona,
1:80 p. m.. Oct. 6, 11. 17, 23, 2». Nor. 4.
For Los Ans~eles (vta Port Los Angreles and
Redondo), San Dlegro and Santa Barbara—
Ear.ta Rosa, Sundays^ 8 a. m.
gtate et California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los An«reles (via F*a Pedro and Eatt
Kan Pedro). Santa Barbara, Bacta Crus, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hartort (Saa
Ijuin Obispo), Ventura and *Huenexne —
Coos Bay. • *• ».. Oct. 5, 18, 21, 29, Nor. 4.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. U ft, 17, 2S. Not. X
For Ensenada, Macdalena Bay. Ban Jos* del
Ctbo Maratljsa. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosa-
;:t. Guaytnas (Mex.). 10 a. in.. 7th of each
B ALASZA EXCURSIONS. 6es«on 18(»-Th.
r&latU! Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE
wU' leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jun* 7.
21. Joly 8, I>. Ausrust 2.
For furtaer information obtain folder. Rlg-h:
is reserved to rhar.ee steamers or salllnc dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market «t.. and Broadway
i?barve* Freight Office— lo Market st.
C D DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.-
kMOk M0 KISEN. KAISHA
ORIENTAL S. S. COj
Pteainers will leave wharf, comer First ana
P-rarnan streets, 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
IJonekone. calling at Honolulu. Kob».
<K1oeo) Naearakl. and Shanghai, and coa-
rjectir.g at Hongkong with steamers for la-
ci£. etc. No cargo received on board on day
ct sailing.. \u25a0
8. S. "AMERICA MARU" FRIDAT. Oct. 27.
Round -trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passspe apply at company* i
office eeventh floor. Mercnants* Exchange.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
fIAfISPJO^ 9t POL \u25a0«•»«"». MRH, it*
oce3eics.s.C9, ssaffjra?
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 17. 11 a. m.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Nov. 2,2 p.m.
] D.SPFICEELS& BR3UO.,Azti. Tictßt 03:! 613 \V.-
m. rie&tt case 327 yinlti si. Pisr 7. Pacilc >l
Compairnle Geper«le Tran«n(lantlqor.
13IKKCT LINE TO HAVRE— Parts.
fceilirg tvery Thursday Instead of •^jtipp
EaturCay, 10 a. m., from Pier 42. ™^™ 1^
i;orth River, foot of Morton st.
nrtt-class to Ha\-re. $70 and upward. Seo.
and class te Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATEB AMD
CANADA. • 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Arects 6 Montgomery avenue. Kan Francisco,
Tirketi ff >ld by nil nailmsil Ticket Arent*.
bay < yyp.. I JY7 EnuItnAX routes.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLEJO and [v'APA
iSopo \/eilley Rout©
isosticf :!o 8. 6. Co.* «od Napa Vallty Elte.
/ trie R. R. Cb. Close connections.
©— HOUJVD TRIPS D AIL Y— «
Coats leave £an Francisco 7:iH>. *9:«5 a. a..
12:S0 soon, 3:15, 6:00, 8:30 p. m.
Can Francisco landing and office. Pier ' X
foot of Mission it., one block south Market-sL
Ferry. Meals a la carts. Phon* Mala 1S0&.
•La&ds Navy Yard direct.
QUEER DEAL
IN FINANCE
Owes Bank $600,
000, Buys Itfor
$300,000.
MontananNowlndebted
to Himself for the
Balance.
Change in the Control of a
Savings Concern in Butte
is Announced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 14. — F. Augustus
Heinze and M. S. Largey, a jjoungr mil
lionaire of this city, to-day bought a
controlling interest in the State Sav
ings Bank, purchasing practically the
entire holdings of Theodore M. Hodgens,
cashier and founder of the institution.
While no official announcement has
been made, it is understood .upon good
i authority that the transaction Involved
about $300,000.
New officers were elected as follows:
M. S. Largery, president; S. V. Kemper,
vice president, and E. P. Chapin, re
cently of Massachusetts, cashier. Hod
gens retires as an executive of the
bank, except that he will remain a di
rector and retain a small amount of
stock. V
A remarkable piece of financiering is
connected with the change of control,
according to reports current in business
circles of this city, to the effect that,
in securing control of the State Sav
ings Bank, F. Augustus Heinte can now
regulate the payment of about $600,000,
which, it is said, he owes the bank. Ac
cording to the story, Heinze was in
debted to the State Savings Bank to the
amount of $900,000. He liquidated this
to the extent of $300,000, and with an
other $300,000 he secured control of the
stock of the bank.
Thomas H. Hodgens is one of the
best known bankers in the Northwest.
The State Savings Bank was organized
In 1890 and is capitalized at $300,000.
Its first president was Patrick A.
Largey, who was assassinated in 1897
as he stood at the counter.
RALPH PULITZER
WEDS MISS WEBB
Ceremony Takes Place in
Trinity Church in Xew
. York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHELBURNK. Vt_. Oct. 1 4.— Frederica
Vanderbilt Webb, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. W. Seward Webb of Shelburne and
New Tork ami Ralph Pulitzer, son of
Joseph Pulitzer, owner of the New
York World, were married In Trinity
Episcopal Church at noon to-day. Right
Rev. Arthur C. A. Hall. Episcopal
Bishop of Vermont, officiated, assisted
by Rev. Dr. Ernest H. Stirrs, rector of
St Thomas Church, New York, and
Rector William F. Weeks, of Trinity
Church, Shelburne.
The bride was attended by Miss We
nonah Wctraore of New I'ork and Miss
Edith Pulitzer, sister of the groom, as
maids of. honor, while the best man was
Joseph Pulitzer Jr. For the ceremony
the church was decorated -with autumn
leaves and cut (lowers. Vogal music by
a male choir from St. Thomas Church,
New York, was one of the pleasing fea
ture*.
Aftwr the wedding a reception and
breakfast occurred at Dr. Webb's home.
Bhelburne Farm, about 400 guests being
present. T-Ater Mr. and Mrs. Pulitzer
\u25a0went on board Dr. Webb's yacht El
frida for a. cruise on Lake Champlain.
Among the guests were Senator
Chauncey M. Depew, Lieutenant Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles. Mr. and Mrs. H.
McK. Twombley, Mrs. W. D. Sloane and
many members of the Vanderbilt fam
ily, of whom the bride, is a relative.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
BOOZE OR MEDICINE?
Which will you have? II a w oman suf-
fering from one of the delicate ailments
peculiar to your sex it will be well for
you to know that Dr. Plerce's Favorito
Prescription 'is the only remedy adver-
tised for such maladies which Is abso-
lutely free from Intoxicating liquors and
all other harmful agents. The good you
feel from Its use is not the delusive ex-
hileration from a tippling beverage, from
which the system reacts into a worse
condition than before. It may be a little
slower in manifesting its bracing and
invigorating action, but Its benefits are
none the less positive and, best of all,
they are lasting. It's an honest medi-
cine — not a beverage., % : ;-;
" I have been takln* your medicine for the
last three weeks and can saj- I am rain In f
Btreneth." writes Mrs. Senetb Klnny. of 6to
East Madison Street. Mount Pleasant. lowa.
" I bare been having very poor health all win-
ter. I doctored with our family doctor but
wm relieved only while taking the medicine.
I took Dr. Plerce's medicine several yean
teo. I knew It was rood for any one suffer-
ing with female trouble. Have taken only
one i bottle and am gaining strength very-
fast. I could not eat nor sleep when I ber&n
taklne the 'Favorite Prescription.' -Heart
troubled me and I had cold and numb spells
till my heart would almost stop beatlnsr.
Have had one child since first taking your
medicine. If I continue with your treatment
am positive I will be cured."
Every suffering woman in this land
should write to Dr. Pierce and learn how
certainly he can help her to health and
strength. It coats nothing to write and
receive entirely free the advice of one of
the most experienced physicians in this
country. His great thousand -page book
the Common Sense Medical Adviser, in
stiff paper covers, will be sent free for 21
one-cent stamps the bare cost of mail-
ing ; or, send 31 stamps for cloth bound.
Address Dr. B. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
SttVwMM*.. Tnese ORKJ'NAL Little Liver
pm *« fim P ut u » b y old Dr.-
KeU^\» R - v - Tierce over <0 years ago.
Pk«s\\e\a. baTe been much imitated but
never equaled. They're made of purely veg-
etable, concentrated and refined medicinal
principles, extracted from native American
roots and plants. They speedily relieve and
cure foul, torpid and deranged Stomachs,
Livers and Bowels and their attendant dis-
tressful allmonts.- One or two a laxative.
three or four a cathartic.
Don't allow the dealer to Insult your
intelligence by offering; his own. remedy
to you instead of thU well-known prep-
aration of Dr. Pierce.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL; : SUNDAY; OCTOBER -15, 1905. 5
TENESSEE GIRL TO ENTERTAIN
AT BUCKINGHAM PALACE
Wins Distinction f as * Negro Impersonator
MEMPHIS GIRL WHO HAS WON DISTINCTION. IN ENGLAND AS AN IMPER
EONATOR OF THE NEGRO AND WHO IS TO APPEAR BY INVITATION BE
FORE THE QUEEN AT BUCKINGHAM PALACE."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 14. — A pretty girl from
Men phis who makes a specialty of
negro recitations is looking forward
to the honor of appearing in private
before Queen ' Alexandra. This is an
experience to be anticipated with un
common satisfaction, of course, but it
seems to be arousing no special trepi
dation in the bfeast of the fortunate
young woman concerned. As a matter
of fact, Miss Clara Alexander, who
came over to London from New York
about a year ago armed only with cer- [
tain good letters of Introduction, has
had euch an uncommon amount of ar
tistic and social success in' the metrop
olis since that it is not surprising that !
even the prospect .of appearing at
Buckingham Palace does not excite her
unduly. ';. ;'.:'-ir'
Miss Alexander, who does her
"darky" business the better for hav
ing -b«>en born and brought up on a
plantation, has had high compliments
paid ter during her itay In London.
After hearing her recital two or three
times, W. S. Gilbert, the author .of
"Pinafore," advised her strongly to go
in for emotional acting, while Lady
Bancroft,, who before her marriage to
Sir Squire Brancroft was one of the
finest actresses on the stage, told the
American girl that if she would study
the part of the heroine tin "Romeo and
Juliet" she, Lady Bancroft, would
coach her.
If Miss Alexander's "very palpable
hit" In London had been made on the
theater or music-hall stage, no doubt
quite a lot about it would have been
published In the United States. But
what goes on in drawing-rooms, espe
cially in as fashionable drawing-rooms
as those in which this American girl's
recitals have been given, is not re
ported to any extent, and so her suc
cess has hardly been mentioned in the
newspapers. When she recited at Lady
Ludlow's, who had lent her charming
house in Portland Place to. the Tennes
see girl for that purpose, the tickets
were sold at the fashionable price, of
one guinea — $5. Miss Alexander, has ap
peared before royalty already, a recital
of hers having been attended by Prin
cess Christian, wh \u25a0 those who heard
her recently at ' Gilbert Farquhar's, In
Hempstead, Included Prlne Victor" and
Princess Dhuleep Singh, Princess Low
enstein, the Marchioness of Tweeddale
and the Earl ofMunster. , \u25a0
Miss Alexander gives negro poems,
stories and monologues, and -It Is
doubtful If the thing has ever been
done better, on this side of the water,
at least. It. ls no small thing to move
a London fashionable drawing-room
crowd to tears, as she has sometimes
succeeded in doing, and so unimpres
sionable a granddame as Mrs? John
Mackay declares that she" never in her
life had been more .deeply,, touched
than by one of, the ; Memphis girl's reci
tations. ' -i*-
It was Mrs. Mackay, -to. whom one of
Miss Alexander's | American letters of
introduction was addressed.: who.
launched her over here. \ Since then
she has been in such constant demand
for smart functions thai she has hardly
had time: to fill them all and to accept
all the purely social invitations of
.which she has been the recipient,^She
is frequently, the. guest lot. Lady- in
gram.Ywhose husband owns the*lllus
trated London - News and the Sketch,
and who will, probably take' her to re
cite before the Queen '"Her. hostesses
have also, included Mrs. Barry Pain and
Lady '•Maxwell, " who, • betore her- mar
riage, was ; Miss Bonning of California;
and • Mrs. T. P. O'Connor. /. Lady ; Ludlo w,
who loaned Miss Alexander her draw
ing-room for a recital, 1 is -one of the
most # beautiful: of • English ' peeresses
and the mother of the young' bachelor*
peer. Lord Howard, deWalden.
France to Give Castro More Time.
PARIS, Oct. r 147— The "View prevalis
In official ' quarters that a 1 1 month '\u25a0\u25a0 may!
elapse: before a decision ;. is -reached ; as
to 'what steps - shall \u25a0 be : ; taken agrainst
Venezuela.; This [indicates '\u25a0:. that* there
Is a desire .on !the s part *;of ' France jto
give President Castro ample v opportunl- a
ty , to "fnake amends • and ; to' exhaust > all
diplomatic; recourse before resorting to
other means.' .
BLIND ELEVEN
ARE DEFEATED
AT FOOTBALL
Sightless Lads Figure
in a Gridiron
Contest. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Oct. 14.— The football
team of the Kentucky 'lnstitute for the
Blind was defeated by the Crescent Hill
team this morning by a score of
25 to 0. . ;^v
The blind boys made a heroic effort,
but the handicap of almost total loss
of sight was too strong.
The game was the real .article, with
a few amendments to the rules to en
able the blind players to keep around
the ball.
MISS RUSSELL ROUTS
TICKET SPECULATOR
. Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Lillian, Russell
took the ticket speculator nuisance
her own hands to-day. The loud-voiced
operators had been working "on . the
curb" In front of Proctor's Theater. To
day Miss Russell drove up. to the front
of the theater heavily veiled.
"The : last twenty seats in the house-^
here -they are— sl 50 each," shouted a
"buccaneer,", holding out a wad of tick
ets. '
Miss Russell reached for *' the' bunch of
pasteboards and threw. them into the win
dow to.theiboxofflce man and told him to
return the purchase money, to ; the holder.
The husky speculator tried - L to argue
back his tickets ; from the . cage of . the
seller, but all he got was his money back.
Finally an equally husky porter threw
him out of the entrance.
UL v <J A X
FURNITURE
in the pining-room .
is elegant in its;sim-
plicity. Of EnglisK
design, it is severely
.plain, devoid of carvr ;
ingsManci H an d le s. ;
This ;is; only one of '
: many Furniture nov-
elties to "be/ seen at
SLOANE r S
> 114- 122 Post Street
DIRECTORS
WILL STAND
BY M'CALL
NewYorkLife'Go.
; Loyal to Its
- GnieL
Demands for His Res
ignation Are to
Be Ignored.
Claim Ma,de That, Whatever
His Sins, Thsy Were Not
Due to Cupidity.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The directors of
the : New " York Life Insurance Company
have decided to stand by John A. McCall,
president of the company. No official ac
tion has yet been taken. formally to that
effect, but .the announcement may. be ac
cepted _as none the less authoritative that
a large majority of the board has in
formally resolved to sustain McCall in his
position, despite the tremendous pressure
brought to bear for his removal, In the
form of letters from policy , holders and
resolutions of . various organizations de
manding: his withdrawal from the presi
dency. O-i't_
This decision on the.part of the direc
tors does not mean that all of them ap
prove, or.€ven condone, some of the acts
of the McCall . administration recently
made public through the legislative insur
ance inquiry. Many members of the
board have professed surprise and . deep
regret to learn of the diversion of money
paid to Republican campaign funds on the
sole responsibility" of .McCall and Perkins.
Nor do they approve of the methods em
ployed in devoting large sums to the in
fluencing of legislation through "Judge"
Andrew Hamilton, nor of the lax system,
or lack of system, whereby "Judge" Ham
ilton has been permitted to hold hundreds
of thousands of dollars without making
any proper accounting therefor.
Members Af the board, however, main
tain that, while McCall may have been
guilty of errors of judgment and sins of
omission, there has been no scintilla of
evidence to show that he has in any way
profited selfishly at the expense of the
company. In the matter of syndicate par
ticip" tlons, for instance, they hold that
his r< ord remained unblemished, while
that of .Lher insurance officials has suf
fered severely, as the result of personal
interest. »n such deals^. They are;*dis
posed to belieVe /that.^whateve'r'Tiis 1 'de
relictions in the- management of affairs,
cupidity prompted none of them!
BALTIMORE, Oct. 14.— A petition al
leging Illegal and fraudulent methods of
doing * business 4 was filed "to-day with
Frank I. Duncan; State Insurance Com
missioner, in behalf. of the late Dr. Ellas
C. Price by Attorneys Barrett and Merri
man, asking that the Mutual Reserve Life
Mothers: Note These Stylish Coats]
'. \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ' . , . .. .-. -. '-"V ..•
" :^s^^fefesk. Why do we sell so many girls' coats? Because we show
f hc new styles ahead of others for one third less in price.
" - Ssljiir^^Sp We can do this because we manufacture the coats in our
<i!siip \u25a0*•**£\u25a0 own workshops from models designed by fashion experts.
We sellyou the coats direct at but one profit over the
• cost/of making. That's why the coat we sell for $J.so
ffc^fe || | New Peter Thompson Coats $5.85
This Peter Thompson coat
. i?^^^^Bi&|»B decided hit among the girls.
.)/•':?'/\u25a0\u25a0 iiiil 4. to 1 6 years. Comes in all-
[••;,•/ '^V^S wool blue worsted-cheviot, j^^^^SL.
\u25a0 L i ~i*iiiaiim- double-breasted style,- two rows
" detachable belt so that the gar- -^^P^^^Sl^l^^S
i|F :: ""' t - >i:M '^^r " ment can be worn with loose
Stylish Tourist, Coats $7.son^^^y
See the picture on the right of our coat for . %|x§^^^^^S^R
eirls from 6to 14 years. It's made of blue serge in three- (S^y^ W^W^^A
quarter lengthj Tourist style. Note the following— pretty
chevron on the left sleeve, stripe of honor on the right, rf* rel
two box plaits front and back, belt all around, two rows fi| 11
of brass buttons, large flat lapels, etc. It's a splendid "SWL-W^
p-arment for only $7 50."
Manufacturer. Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing
Two Large- Stores J^^fe^'
\u25a0 . 740 Market Street "and Cor. Powell and Ellis
PI Do Solemnly Swear \u2666
DR.^PATRICK R MALEY, OF OfICAGO,
"MAKES AFFIDAVIT CONCERNING PE-RU-NA,
Realizing the doubt which some people have concerning: testimonials for
public print. Patrick F. Maley. M. D., of Chicago, forwarded to the Peruna
Drug M'fg Co. his photograph and certificate. On the. back of the photograph
appears the following affidavit: '
I CHICAGO. Cook County, HL. \
January 23. *05. S
This is to certify that this photograph is Patrick F- Maley, M. D. %
\ and Dr. Hartman may use same in endorsing his wonderfnl remedy^
Peruna. Signed,
', _jl \u0084, PATRICK F. MALEY, M. D.
\u25a0°* No^iTry 11 *' r Sworn to this 28th day of January* ipoj, before me
\ r"£ Ile v™ I a Notary Public. ~ G. S. MA LONE,
Cook Co~ 111. I . . - •* %r j n. it'
U ,J, J Notary Public.
Patrick F. Maley, M. D., 366 E. On- Medical Examiner of Pensions for ons
tario St; Chicago, 111., was graduated terra. The doctor's certificate reads as
from the Cincinnati College of Mcdl- follows: ; '
cine and Surgery. Session IS6I-2, Allo- "' hare occasion to use Peruna in my
pathy. . * practice daily and also use it in my family.
He served as surgeon in the United I attribute my success in practice to this
States Army and Navy during; the War wonderful remedy.
of the Rebellion and is now pensioned -"May you be spared to a long life of USO-
for injuries sustained during; that war. fulness in-your noble calling.
Upon returning to his home in Cln- "Your medicine has brought joy and
cinnati. Ohio, he was elected Alderman t_. n /_ ess to many homes."
two terms, and also served as Coroner Happiness to ™ an / n °™*T M ..- r „ n
of Hamilton County three terms and — rAiniLA r. malci. m. v.
-Insurance Company of New York be de
barred from doing business in Maryland.
In. the petition it is stated that that
company is the legal successor of the
Mutual Reserve Fund Life Assurance
Company of New York, whose license w«s
revoked by Commissioner Wilkinson.
CHOLEKA EPIDEMIC
IN THE PHILIPPINES
News Suppressed Until Dis
ease Is Brought Under
Control.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 14.— Asiatic chol
era has been epidemic in the Philippines
for" the last seven weeks. There have
been 553 deaths and "13 cases of the dis
ease.' It has now disappeared, according
to official advices received to-day at the
War Department.
News of the terrible conditions in the
Philippines has been suppressed by the
War Department, and it was not until
to-day that the Secretary of War directed
that some Information regarding the epi
demic be made public. The deaths chiefly
occurred among natives, but there were
some cases among the soldiers at Fort
McKinley, just out of Manila. The mea
ger Information now given out by the In
sular division contains no details.
Governor "Wright. In response to a ca
blegram from Secretary Taft. replied
this morning that th« cholera had practi
cally disappeared and gave the names of
the provinces in which the disease existed
and the number of cases and deaths.
Twentr Balloons to Race.
PARIS. Oct. 14.— Twenty balloons
will start from the Tulleries Gardens
to-morrow in an interesting contest.
Count de Vaulx and several other aero
nauts from France, Germany. Austria
and Belgium will participate. There is
one American entry, Frank I* Arms,
with his balloon, "Katherine Hamil
ton." .The contest will close the inter
national aeronautic contest -which has
established rules for recording: the
most notable aeronautic achievements
throughout the world.
2728
H ?%lr^ Man is the only living creature that takes to him-
l^^l 8l W /Sir self a mate;andtrusts'to another to fasHionl his' home.
tSkk t In the lair and the nest. they build for themselves,
!§2ys !^P^ ancJ the thin S that they /build IS THEIR OW^N.'
®|^^^r It's the power of possession '.that f.e very one craves. It's.
ilpfil J^^P^^ having something you can call your 'own. 'We want to;, be
yw§r - your t> ac^ ers m tn^ s struggle for possession. We'll furnish your
WiSff jSKy nome an<^ c ever V chance. You're good risks, you home people; •
'^^^jfQr and so also are you who already have a home. Jfi <* j*
HANDY COUCH—It can be used as a bed or a Mahogany, 3 feet (£w»i^?^^"iv-'.v ; 'V^^.' ' '
couch or a cozy corner. It is a couch that children high; regular p^RLOR SETT EE— Strongly made;
will not spoil- It is strongly made and strongly $4.50; special, covered in velours; and made in ''a
upholstered. Full six feet long and CJ 2 Q£? tf^ f C ne mahogany finish!.' A CQ Q5
single bed width. This week :. )j.OJ $£. I 3 regular»sis vah.e. Special \u25a0?"«P J
\u0084 . .. TTg^^^^ BIG DRAPERY SPECIALS. jf** "^-^^
LIBRARY TAELES-In weathered fßffilHW'TOltF M I
style. We have a wonderful assort- Unccvered sofa .Cushion* .2 f«t ENAMEL BED— Here isU bed that
• - • square. Filled with pure silk floss. - v.,. n . v . r Ka»ti cnun M for the
ment of designs. Some of them It's iik. *-»yin« them away. 4 jw- has never been equaled tor tne
ut^ s special Hjv* money. If you want costlier ones'
massive and some light and low of lace -CUnTAIX clearance. we have them b/ the hundred. But
price. This or.c is as 7 table cut ln «^ in^ *^i n f VcsSisu. $ IS2i«nb?S this is abed wh)se value is, at least
this week to introduce C/. QC Renaissance. Arabian and many other $6.50. And OUT price ff^ ftC
our line. Special %£?&. $3.25 this week i 5...... $0.95
On display. Truly, here is the hub of the carpet business of San Francisco. This firm •$ ' >^^ • 1
carries more carpets than the combined department's of any other two houses in the city. \t $jjf -' I
j And they are always the newest carpets— the latest designs— the softest colorings-- | |
the warmest tints. Pictures, some of these patterns are, cameo designs that could be \ | |
framed and hung Upon your wall rather than trodden under foot. ' . I > % . I
\ Our latest shipment has just arrived and we want you to see our stock. So we offer | | N.
these extra inducements to persuade you. - :•— aaiorjN siu'd at ;iiv | " j j $ ...;n H .
TS ? cIAc lA Wh Regular $9-SO values: Size'^ by '63 • m>MSMMM: I
MfW/SiH wt/IS¥^F^ SClfO'Cs inches. A' wonderful collection of de- feSSSSSSs: SJ
KKXJJ GLA VV WlVia a^eniiTjO signs in imitation of the rarest -old gp^??^ I*
Orientals. Patterned after cashmeres in their peculiar vermillions and deep reds; after S^g^t w I
Cere-bends and Daghestans in their wonderful camel's hair grounds; gp f *8 $». % \JP '1 C I
and after rare Bokharas in old delft blues and desert grays. This wee k»S^f^ #^ M "^&4.&ftJ l M
a . Here is a flyer that should take you off your feet. There a' \u25a0 _-^ _ |
IJk T* g i sn#t a house in the land that couldn't use one in. some w^fo^ :^Ri[ m
X~^a a* \J^«|UU& spare room . T h e y are room size, 9. by 10 ft. 6 in. g^tmagp^ |
All patterned upon Oriental designs, and of sufficient value to., make A (J^ (S^^i^^^^i *
them sell everywhere for something more than double this price. O ur «re£& «&fj^ *' &
fl y er • • • r^ -/ : Hall Stand— How
... . ,v . ... - many homes are
Buck's Stoves <md Ranges SlfiSil
. Here is a Ran^e that will cook a roast without having to turn the pan. - ?t a " d six feet
~ r , , . c j • high, with glass
Money back if not as represented. . and umbrella box.
Here is a Range that will boil 30 gallons of water in 40 minutes through Special $3 -t q
its water coils. Money back if not as represented. \u25a0 __ th ', 3 week _ * _
— "I Here is a Range that will save an actual 20 is ' £^^''"IZS^'^'j^^l
' per cent of fuel with its hot blast firebox. Money t\K. *^^<^r, \
V Wtjk back if not as represented. . . ''^^&<~sM&^£&!&i k '.
Here is a Range" in which none but the very \u25a0^r1';;:,;;"^r 1 ';;:,;;"^, ~, A^ - _'f;_ \u25a0\u25a0<£
. i|§ highest grade of steel is used. Money back if | i^.^^^^^j^:i^ / :
;^^^^ Remember this: If any part of a I^^^l
: W^S2^ Buck's Stove or Range breaks any time I L : m
JL^l^Jf within five years we replace that part. • t rit^_^' -v
II (I Any Buck's Range is returnable if not -;M; M dP%S?«
IS^TS'I satisfactory; and you are the one to be I^TS r
o^ZMtll;™ Wees from $14.50 to $68. Terms. $1 SHERATON ; buffe J -
golden or weath- Down and lOc a Day v \u0084 w^ |rld famous . for t heir
ered finish. &t"~ ll ~ mm^ mm ~ mm ~ mm ~ mmmm ~~ m ~~ mm ~ mmmm^ m^^T??TT??!!TT°~^ workmanship.
NEARLY §7,000,000 TAKEN
OUT IN LESS .THAN A YEAR
Alaska Express Company's Fiffiwes
Show the Remarkable Riebness
of the Tanana District.
TACOMA, Oct. 14.— The Alaska-Pa
cific Express Company has compiled
figures showing the actual output of
th« Tanana district from January 1 to
date, ac follows: Amount shipped,
$6,117.040 41; on hand in banks and
commercial companies, $274,600; in :
hands of individuals, $300,000; total, '
-• \u25a0 -
' JEvery day a new rupture cure springs. up. Many waste
their money and risk their lives trying it, without benefit,
i It soon disappears. The Fidelity Cure has been in use for
many years and has thousands of cures. If interested;- call
and we will give you any number of names right here whom
you can see. We will leave it to them. They are cured, and
you can be, too. No charge for consultation.
Call and see us.
Fidelity Rupture Cure
1344 Market Street,, San Francisco
$6,692,840 41. This does not take, into
account sums tent out ; by. Individuals.
This would easily make another
$100.00 and perhaps more. The miners
estimate was $4,000,000 from the spring
clean-up of the winter dump* and
$2,000,000, or possibly $2,500,000, for
summer work. It will be seen that
their estimate was close.
» \u2666 \u25a0 _ — r A
STOCKHOLM. Oct. 14.— The International
Harvester Company ha? purchased the Vulcan
Works, near Noorkoping. , A Swedish corpora
tion will be formed to manufacture harvesting
machinery.
' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER; 15; 1905,
CANNOT CASH
TORN CHECK
WASHINGTON, Oct. . 14.— One of the
strangest complications over a mutilated
cneck that has ever i come up has arisen
between Breyman Brothers, contractors
of Toledo, and: the 'Treasury officials.
The contractors were paid $65,000 in . one
Government check for dredging in ; Boston
Harbor. The : check ; was t v rn '. or., burned
in the Twentieth Century- Limited wreck
near Cleveland ;a* few .months ago. ; The
signature; and r . number'' are gone, but; the
amount and \u0084..e, general outline of the
check are preserved. ;,'"iC \u25a0'//:-'\u25a0 ' \u25a0
So far, 1 thp Treasury = officials will . not
honor ' the * check and it : may .. required a
special : act of Congress for. the contract
ore to" get -payment: . : The * Treasury 'De
partment ;- offered* toi pay the sum if 'Coir
onel.Stanton,' the, v distributing officer a at
Boston, would assume responsibility, but
h« refused. Now the Depart
ment has, off ered to pay. If Colonel Stan
ton will v identify .'• the 1 remains as of : the
check: issuel to;- Breyman Brothers.
der the; law of 'the Treasury' Department
no lost or mutilated -check; for. more" than
$2500 is duplicated.; ; ' '
Sarthqnake Jars Santiago de Cuba.
SANTIAGO DEs CUB A,;Oct; 14:— A se-^
vere '.: earthquake£ shock ."this \u25a0• morning,
following a slight 'shqck'ohj Friday, -has
caused' general -aljLrm.'ii Several » houses
were damaged^ byj the) fdlsturbance Vto
dayfbut noona -wasl Injured; " ,
BRITONS MOURN
IRVING'S DEATH
News' of the Sudden Demise
of Veteran Actor Is Be
ceived With Great Sorrow
3IAN Y FLOBAL TBIBUTES
Suggestion Is Made That the
Body Be Buried in Poets'
Corner, Westminster Abbey
LONDON,. Oct. 14.— The bodyof Henry
Irving will reach London at 3:20 o'clock
to-morrow morning. It wiir be \u25a0: con
veyed here on a funeral car attached to
the regular train from Bradford; ac
companied . by his sons, Henry B., and
Lawrence, and Bram Stoker "and other
members of his business staff'and-per
toiial friends." Immediately on its ar
rival the body wilf be taken to Irving' s
residence. Notwithstanding the re
quests that no flowers be sent,, several
lnagniticent - J designs" have' already
leached Bradford and have been given
a place on the coffin.
Flags were placed aj halfmast on
many of the theaters in' London to-day
and the afternoon and evening per
formances in the theaters throughout
the country closed with the orchestras
playing a dead march. At the Queen's
Hall concert Chopin's "Funeral March"
was played, the vast audience standing.
Ellen Terry, who is playing, at
Birmingham, is reported to, be com
pletely prostrated with grief : and did
not appear at to-nignt's performance. ,
A meeting will be. held in London
at which a proposition tor a natlpnal
memorial will take shape. It is u"n-^
derstood to be extremely probable that
Sir Charles Wyndham will propose the
endowment of a national theater in
Irving's name. /.-•
Seldom has the death of a public man
in England called out such a general
expression of sorrow as has 'followed
the tragically sudden demise of Sir
Henry Irving. Appreciations, histories
of his career, and stories of his many
sided activities fill the newspapers. His
last words- on the stage as the curtain
was run down on the death, of Becket,
"Into thy hands, O Lord,' into thy
'hands," were the last he uttered, as he
never spoke after his collapse in the
hall of the hotel where he died.
During the performance of "The
Bells" at Bradford on Thursday, the
veteran actor delivered many passages
seated, instead of his customary free
dom of movement on the stage. Once
or twice last night, toward the close of
the performance, Sir Henry was seen
tp support himself on the stage, .but
in response to the recalls of the au
dience he appeared before the curtain
and acknowledged the cordiality of his
reception.
In view of the doctor's certificate,
the Coroner decided that an inquest
was not necessary.
Ellen Terry was greatly distressed at
the news of Irving's death. .She said:
"I know -all this has happened as he
wisFed. "He worked to the very last "In
full possession- of his faculties, ir re
joices me that he finished his* evening's
work. His last words on ; the stage
were: . : ' v '
i "/Through night to light. * -
"''lnto thy, hands, O Lord, into thy
hands.' , \ -. ;.'; .'- -.-' \u25a0\u25a0* -': '£ '
"His last expressed wish, the wish of
his life, was for a municipal theater,
where everything would be of the first
order; where the standard of true
drama, as distinguished from miscel
laneous entertainment, -would- be suc
cessfully upheld. A realization of this
wish would be a fitting monument to
him."
Suggestions are heard In some quar
ters that the burial take place In West
minster Abbey, iri poets' corner, w.here
lie the bodies of Garrick, Mrs. Siddons
and other theatrical celebrities.
FLORAL FUND OPENED.
'Americans to. Purchase . a Suitable
Offerinc: as a Token of Affection.
NEW YORK. Oct.? 14.— The Herald
says the following letter received, from
Actor James K. Hackett, inclosing $50
for himself and his wife, known on the"
stage as Mary Mannering, undoubtedly
voices a wish that was in "the. mind
of very many men and women -within
and without the profession when they
heard the news of Sir Henry Irving's
death. , ..
To the EditOf of th«Her*ld: Sir 'Henry
Irj-lng was so essentially an International fig
ure' ag much beloved on this side of the At
lantic as on the other, that It se«ms to me
a great pity that, owin« to the distance be
tween our shore* and ' thos« of England, thou
eands of his admirers in this country should
be unable to pay the tribute" to his memory
which they would have offered had this great
man passed c.way. on American soil. Would
the New York Herald act : as custodian of
any sums ot money, no matter • how email,
that might be cent. not only by the mem
bers of his own profession I but the . general
public as well, the proceeds '"to be devoted
to the purchase Jn London of a suitable, floral
ofterinz as a slight token of. affection' and
' tsteem from his American admirers, to be
in evidence side by side 3 with . those of . hia
own countrymen when the last Bad rites take
place in England, thousands ofmles : away —
because, : ilk? I Shakespeare. Irviny's person
ality belongs to the world? • - :
Should the suggestion meet with your ap
proval pleaee seoept \u25a0 checks of J25 each, from
Mrs. Hapkett and myself, although personal
ly I have mail" a ; small- offering " as
probably have many of my professional breth
ren. Furthermore, if I can be of service on
any committee that may Ibe hereafter i formed
for the carrying out of this suggestion. I shall
esteem it an honor to act In s any capacity
that may be deemed wise. * Moat sincerely, .
.• jamES K. HACKBTT.
New Tork. Oct. 14. .1905.
The Herald has replied to Mr.
Hackett that it will receive and ac
knowledge in its columns; such money
as may be sent to It for the purpose
indicated and which will- be turned
over-to euch committee as , may, be ap
pointed to dispense the fund., .
The Call is reauested" to Inform its
•readers that these contributions should
be wired to the 'Herald from sections
\u25a0as remote as" California.
IR VINO'S DEATH REGRETTED.
Bohcniinn Clnb Sends Mcumb* of Sym
pnthy -to. Bram , Stoker. ," J • \
The I Bohemian Club s yesterday sent
the following message of sympathy to the
business manager 01 , the late Btr .Henry
Irving:' ' • \, '' ".V .'' ', "
i Bram Stoker, Lyceum; Theater," London : We
16ved and respected him.. Our sympathy with
#ou In your great' grief Us profound. r
}, . - * • p ;--'. BOHEMIAN CLUB.
«d6c m EDWARDS i AKREBTED ON
* • J-r? COMPLAINT i . OF = CORPORATION
Accused of Obtaining Money by False
Pretense* by National '-.Cash ',
Register , Company.
HEALDSBURGi*/ Oct. ; «U4^--John "{. Ed-;
wards,' familiarly known as ;*' Doc,". who
was arrested^on'complalnt* of-therNa
tjorial Cash 'Register Companylof/San
.Francisco' on j a of; having iob-^
talned .money* by' falsef pretenses.^ was 5 !
given a- preliminary "hearing before I
Justice A. tB. * Provines : of .• this city to- !
day and,-, was bound over ,to tha Su- !
perior4Court.'".. \u25a0\u25a0 'A':' '\u25a0:\u25a0;' /'r - -, •:.'..'. ",' : ". \u25a0;\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0:• : -
.-: \u25a0; It ris i claimed ' .that ' Edwards ' repre-'.
sented^hlmself as;belng, 'a \cash register,
inspector^ and repairer ' in 'the employ. ;
of the. company. .
.." :\u25a0:'- - - \u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - . .-- .
CZAR EXILES
GRAND DUKE
Gyril-ito Be Disgraced and
Degraded for Having Mar
ried Victoria of Hesse
LOSES ALL HIS' HONOBS
Will Bes Deprived of Bank
Uniform and Orders and
_ Excluded \From Eussia
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 14.— The
Grand : Duke Cyril arrived at Peterhof
this afternoon, having been, summoned
from Germany to receive the full
weight of the imperial displeasure" on
account of his marriage to the divorced
Grand Duchess Victoria of Hesse,
which -occurred recently at Munich, Ba
varia. \He will te deprived of his rank
a*s aide-de-camp to the Emperor, of his
commission in the army, of his uniform
and " his > orders and other honors and
will; be; excluded from Russia. Grand
Duke Cyril will suffer more heavily
than the Grand Dukes Paul and Mi
chael Michaelovitch, as he not only de
fied'the reiterated commands of the
Emperor," but broke the canonical laws
In' marrying. a'" divorced' woman and his
first cousin, and also because the Grand
Duke of Hesse is the Empress' brother.
COLLINS' BILLS
MANY AND BIG
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct: 14.— Additional
Interest was developed In the Collins
case here to-day by the disclosure that
the levanting San- Francisco lawyer
owes a great many big bills around
town which he refuses -to pay. He in
duced Sheriff " Richards to "go good"
for his board at the Drlard and now
the Sheriff is confronted with a big ac
count. .' •• '^^ ;.-'-'j^'f t2.z?0*%%
In the Supreme Court this morning
D. ' M. Eberts, K. C, wanted the Sher
iffs position defined as to the question
of fees. \u25a0 The Sheriff is an officer of the
court into whose custody Collins had
been committed. > The court said he
did not care to express an opinion on
this point ; He did: not care to say
whether the expenses of a habeas cor
pus proceeding were to be construed
as "extradition expenses to borne by
the State making application for the
prisoner. Later application was made
before Mr. .Justice Martin and the or
der 'made by him was also discharged.
Collins was to-day given Into the
immediate charge of Police Officer Best,
pending., the warrant of surrender.
While under his custody it has been
agreed that he is to be given similar
freedom to that which he has enjoyed
under, -the. "Sheriff. ->•;
BONDS CARRIED
BY LARGE VOTE
SAN LUIS OBISBO, Oct. 14.— The pro
moters of municipal ownership of pub
lic utilities gained a victory over the
corporations to-day. At the special
election called for the purpose of bond
ing the county for $90,000 to erect pub
lic wharves at Avila, Cayucos and
Cambria the bonds carried by five to
one. San Luis Obispo City went fif
teen to one and all the precincts
throughout the county carried by a. big
majority, with the exception of Paso,
Robles, Cambria and Cayucos. A few
outlying : districts are yet to be heard
from. The present totals received are:
Avila, '.for 1732, against 349; Cambria,
for 1671, against 346; Cayucos, for 1642,
against 342. - ? , ;.;, v . ?
STILWGER PAYS ?2000 INTO
.TREASURY OF 1 JERSEY CITY
When Questioned by Official Visitor
Says Money May Be Credited to
.'. • '\u25a0:\u25a0'\u25a0::\u25a0\u25a0 i Con»eienc« Fnnd. - •
NEW, TORK. Oct. ,14. — A man who
\u25a0was not recognized in. the Jersey City
City Hall gave yesterday to City Treas
urer Ely $2000. The stranger said:
"Will .you receive- $8000' that belongs
to Jersey City, and, give me a receipt
for.lt?" ;
' "Conscience money?"
."You may enter it that way if you
like." ,; ; •.:."'.•'
The money was accepted and the man
leftunidentlflied.
I ;>:?\u25a0;.:? \J? I £ V i^ W
I Have you seen the beautiful new winter Styles in '
\u25a0 Sorosis Shoes? They're in now, and a most-mag-
1 nificent and complete stock they make, too.
1 ' "Many of our friends have complimented us on the \
8 beautiful window displays of the new Suede Shoes.
M These suedes in brown, blue," pink,- green, red and gray
S ; colors will be the most popular footwear, worn this sea-
1 . -^ ""x- son and our stock of >thenew Sorosis styles^will be
\u25a0 : \u0084*.t he best.; '"" ', ", . V"
I Staple Styles in Ladies' Shoes, $3.50 -
I Custom Made, $4.00 and $5100
\u25a0^ Ask to see the new Sorosis Health Leather.
\u25a0Tv The secret of dry, cool feet. '
P Sorosis Shoe Parlor
I 216 Post Street
\u25a0 , NOTE. — We have sold the . Royal Shoe Store at 50 Third
\u25a0 *;' street.^and;Sorosls;Shoes cannow.be bought only at our Sorosla
\u25a0 : •: \u0084 .Shoe; Parlor, 316 Post street." -" - , :
—^^__^._. _^ — __ '\u25a0•• ••-'^^f^^flMrOTi s
• Near Parkside and §
J]jJ 19th Avenue Boulevard S
k^i On Small Monthly Payments ktJ
fvi No interest on deferred payments. No taxes, nf
h\Z Title guaranteed. Over $l ? 000 ? 000 is being ex- R5
y^J pendedatParkside. _ V&
82 New electric line about to be constructed on fc^
kU "T' street, just one block from this property. &W
0? Ocean Shore Eailroad now under construe- JW
0^ tion to Santa Cruz will pass close by. ££]
m Buy before all these improvements are com- £h
?¥? pleted and double your money. Automobiles will fg,,-
%d meet intending purchased on Sundays, 19th aye. %*{
P4 boulevard and "H" street^and convey them to LW
ffo property. W ' CQ
P^ Look for Bovee, Toy & Co. ? s sign on back of TO
ff? Take Ellis-street cars, which run out "H"
W» street to beach, get off at 19th avenue boulevard.
ißbvee,Toy®»Go. 0)
0^ ...AGENTS... JXJ
j| 11 7 Montgomery Street (
®B&BBBBBBB&3S%3£83E&
TROOPERS SLAIN
BY THE YAQUIS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Oct. 14.— Taquis ambushed a
reconnoltering party under * Lieutenant
Domingo Ayala near Ortiz Friday, kill
ing Ayala and four soldiers and wound
ing about a dozen" others. Lieutenant
Manuel Gomez and a company of fifty
men, who were stationed at Las Arenas,
a' small tdwn near, the scene, of the am
bush, came to the rescue of the soldiers
and saved the entire party from being
slaughtered. The ..Indians: were repulsed
after a sharp" : fight" and retreated to the
hills, leaving a score Of dead and wound
ed on the fielS~behind them."
Ayala and Gomez had been sent out by
General F. Peinado, who, at the head of
500 trooi>3, is endeavoring to put down
the uprising. Peinado. with his entire
force, is attempting to surround the band
of fifty Indians who ambushed Ayala's
troopers. Depredations are reported from
other parts of Sanora. Four men were
killed by the Indians ' Friday on the road
twelve miles from Carbon. The manager
of Governor Ysabel's ranch near Her
mosillo was kidnaped and tortured. He
managed to esc.ar>e and. make his way
back to Hermosillo, but died there yes
terday.
LIFE SENTENCE FATE
OF ROMO'S SI^AYEB.
"Sam w Stanyan'a Companion' to Spend
Rest of Days In '.]'-/f*''
Prison. . ;' .-H^i'..:
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 14. — Fred
Eldridge. who pleaded guilty yesterday
to killing Fred Romo, his partner in
a fruit-peddling business, was sen
tenced to Folsom prison for life to
day In passing sentence Judg-e Bled
soe said he felt that the crime had
been premeditated and that EMrldge
had tried to kill ."Sam" Stanyan and
Goss, the sole witnesses.
KING OSCAR RESUMES HIS
PLACE ON SWEDEN'S THRONE
STOCKHOLM. Oct. 14. — King Oscar
formally resumed the reins of govern
ment to-day. ";:
The King* of Sweden on August 10
last appointed Crown Prince Gustave
to be regent while his Majesty went to
Marstrand for his health. The Crown
Prince has for similar reasons pre
viously acted as regent several times.
"DARE DEVIL DIAVOLO"
WINS GEORGIA BELLE
Man Who "Loops the Loop*
Married to a Southern
Planter's Daughter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 14.— Irving Mayers,
who travels with the Nat Reiss Southern
Carnival Company a3 "Dare Devil Diav
olo and does the sensational "loop-the
loop" act. was married here at noon to
day by Rev. Monroe H. Alexander to
MLss Sadie Florence Mills, the daughter
of a prominent Georgia cotton grower,
who was on a visit here to her brother
and sister when she met Mayers a temr
weeksago. Ml3s Mills had started to re
turn'to her Southern home and was head
ed oft. at Sacramento, with a telegrara
and Induced to return for the wedding,
Mr. and Mrs, Mayers returned to Peta*:
luma this afternoon, where n« closes th»
week to-night, with his company and then
they so to Modesto. ' - '- j •"
Do You Cough ?
Go You Spit Blood?
Do Your Lungs Ache?
Do You Fear Consumpiion?
Eleelfoleiiiistif
Cures Bad Cases Quickly
and Permanently.
; Don't run risks. Remember that
: neglected Catarrh causes nearly every
case of Consumption. Come In for free
1 consultation, examination and advice.
Let us give you the names of cured pa-
tients. Patients who were in the ad-
'< vanced stages; given up by their fam-
ily doctors; yet quickly and perma-
nently cured by Electro-Chemistry. •
. Electro-Chemistry
i« the surest, qulck-
,/^v «^« est and most rella-
/*•*» yS^V ftSS; b * e treatment
' v TT^^^rt—^Hy known for tha curs
M II r/ffilHraii rml y"**» I^ocojnotor
' \u25a0 A*"* 1 ** Cancers;
1 #-'*J>l*-V'iy( Tumor** Ee\u25a0e m a ,
Ol<l 1 ""' Stomach.
a Vdr/i/^Hv I-Jver and Bowel
S-SJW&I A Dts«asesi Kidney
Diseases and Spe*
; clal Diseases of Women* ' Deafness.
; Ringing: Head and Ear « .Voliti and
Chronic Affections ot Men.
Electro-Ghemic Institute
(Formerly 118 Grant A*e.)
Sd Floor, Emma Spreckafs Building
827 MARKET ST« SAX FRANCISCO. I
Eleven perfectly equipped room*.
Private apartments for male andrf emala
patients. The only Institution of thf
kind on the Pacific Coast. Thoroushly
reliable. Patronised and recommended
by our home people. Office, hours, 9 a.
m. to 3 p. m. and 7 to S p. m. daQy,
Sunday*. O a m. till 13 m. /
I DISEASES OF WEN"
Ovrmodcrn and ap-tMa!f mttiindi
for ths certain and speedy curs ol sitrictur«
Raptor.. Pllws. Ul»od Polion, \»rv
•«S Debility sad Contr.cUd Dh«rd«ri
bare won for as thousands ot u»»Umo-
nlalstrora patients who hsrs been cursd.
i Varleo«eio. we treat by oar lmproTsd
I medica l vibratory method, where others o*s
ithftkniie. f7«l«su«a hornl«.«« g-aarmu-
t«e to cure all cases we uudertakt. Our im-
I proved French Cones foe th»trestm«ntof
the Injured Prostate never fail. Any man
\u25a0ufferuiK from Weakness and who Is tnd»-
v» to p«a can obtain from us (fr»« by m* 11)
our 10 day's special treatment and illustrated
chart describiac the cause and effect of Loit
Vitality and Weakness. Recent cases
cured in one day by the French UllaUng
and Irrlffatinff Jlt.tho4. '\u25a0\u25a0; -
Corrsspoadaae* p»«al«. Cantultatioa FREE.
m DR. TALCOTT co.
' , r 1140 MABEBT.sT.
Opy. Halo's 'tss Frsmrfseoi. C«l.y 5 f~/^V Halloween Novelties Bring; Back. "_, I X \u25a0 I *VJn^ t ' < ' I "1 I Better Merchan-. I I JVluslc tic I Vciiings I I
J 4^^ B^^G^pr^Sftfe^ condition you received . ... .Z >^^ -./_\u25a0- /^ '^ \u25a0" .'i disc cannot be bought 3Coplesforsoo f 2^/^ yd. .<^^M}' \
1L- . 'S^-V' ;nd tible decorations. them in, within two. J? JF/jf €? My^^M^jf /^W/^V MM S &wf anywhere for the same These popular pieces will be found on - nnA ,o - V<&^T^l/ r «
Si '<" '• : '.': Vi * Tin ; -:T-.p'tin h<-id im!-nu 2.1 c weeks any goods that you Rrv-_r fir& /T &t" * '/ bTMm j/ TL 1B1 B ss2 Jtti Is sit aM money. We are always sale in 'the enlarged 'music department— XUUO yards 2^C X*JT'* Gr'f *X
j- S&- ,_s_ss_r-_..... f<i *?aiawgs it-.™irr™sS wjFCRNWB*u,H«giy. /^ww*". "^^ «. ., J?'.^ ? I«,TS- % p 1 ™ **«^ .-<^rp •;
Sf pumpkin end? boxes. Tsc i 0i 0 75« we .^H, except a few ar- irrnffl-finffl^^"^^^^ our patrons tell us when Heart's To-Night in Tennessee." song: Dlac_,white. brown -»* W\J fe
J- N^d:^ " ndyboX " : . ...... WC >O ticle,-for,anLyrea«ns. -^ll^^ElßSat** 1 " AMERICA'S GRANDEST.STORE, anything is wrong. "Poppies." the new Japanese serenade. and navy blue. " ~ *
1 — r— \u25a0\u25a0 :~ '-...- .•; r : \u25a0 *— \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 - S
J Grepe de Chine a . _^ Lece Curtains \u25a0/ 5
Jl We arc able to offer 2000 yards A« jffij [jJSj _S _r «_rt .ar " W%^ f»l ffS* the s^ace we Sr^pellfed to^^tht . '|
_ ; • more of '.hat excellent 212 1 m. £iik Xl^r\^ f| \u25a0 -^v |j ---^^^^^ JrSfc 4&&/?_7i7 _PS_^^ BrlwS £% IffS $& **!} - XV-\ TllL curtain announcement. It is really one ij
if G3O AlbatrOSS , vaaaa^ . $2.50 Curtains . .$1,98 »
{] 33c yard Ready Monday morning. Come, and comb every day while the show lasts. It is an interesting and thoroughly instructive exhibit, given Door Panels, i^lt«a colJ.eabli S
i 2500 yards of this (probably i n a specially prepared department of artistic booths, in the rear of the main floor. Forceful lessons on how to live economically * . • i netting. witH* motif fa center, mtay m
tt enough for all day Monday) all and well. Demonstrations of pure foods and drinks, by some of the best-known producers in this country. Among the shows are: | patterns, each ... , . . \u2666 $1.25 \ -
% wool albatross, in cream, pink. Spanish Crescent Borden's At Encore Victory Upton's Menier's Griffin's California (— " —^ '"'- '"-. '.'.'"._-\u25a0' 5
KS.K American M*P<e>'»* M^ l "our Pancake Butier Teas Olycolate Ex^ |
| and other good colors, extra Food Co 's Purely vegeta- hJ^™^, The best that Is C ontaS bak- ADerf c c t The^iost de- ™d GoOOa p regerveg ' Pickles TableCOVerS $
|. r A delicious The delicate favor made. Makes su- bg^^ r^ f V Kdoii.* and fra- Absol utely > £^\ AH varieties of $2.50 Oriental .tn>e couch coy- |
tf Sndirvard^ .T«. OcJC Delicacies for im- flavoring for cakes, recalls the aroma perior hot biscuits, milk and sugar. A PP r ° duct ° f ad " gra nt teas the p ure and rich the finest *** 'tribi™^ «iTr? 8
i mediate table use. candies, ice cream, of freshly baked pastry or bread, moment's work and vanced cream- O rld produces j sauce anc * cat " best pickles and wide. ieversiDie .. . m
X I & — 1 You just heat them etc. Also to make ««*?* or bre^- M a f hot " the , Pf 110^ 5 ar^ cry science: Put Sold in packages c , oc ° l as a " d sup. Nonefiner appetizers. Put $I Y^ j^J SST^^ S
I £L \u0084^^ Belt Win* Soups all flavors— Enough to make children, invalids visit the pure food ones than this flour pressly^. for. The an d try a cup colorings and no where by any- cleanly and at- |
X gs^i r'titS beans, tamales, etc two gallons, 35c. and well people. show. will make. Emporium. when in to-morrow chemicals. body. tractive manner, j /j __*>—-*«» fc#_» fomm 1 %
*- s^r^rr^ Buok 'e* ==. / - - = Gas Rortanio Lamp *
|: SOr Great Grocery Savings Emporium' Italian Swiss Colony Duffy's Popular Brands Liquors f« \*___« « •' m 1
j. *tUV U7W Are always possible for Emporium patrons. Read this list for Mon- Mm & .Urn Makes Fine Display 1852 We sell known brands of pure wines and hquor, at about what smaU . , M S
v The belt pi-s in every new shape and day and Tuesday Come to the food show and save money. , CoffCQ Of all sorts of wines from their famous Call- Gtrfer dealers have to pay. Buying in largest quantities enables us to do this. SeWl n g, has , S
i dwisn. in" qua nsetal French gray Coffee -Our famous Mocha Japan Absolutely the kraia vineyards. In many instances their pro- Sterilized non- Cutter Whiskey— A choice Longs' Cherrles-In maris- black iron base. -S
i Ron^k and^enamd finishes. wJS "Pf i^K T' 29C slfdln^^ACUr^t^ OtenUZCd. non . well brand f , pc qlriaOf hf . pl . 2 50, R ~ pohUed hra» cen- V^i* «
t= 75c to $2.00 each, will o^in^ L loJoit Sardlnes-D and G. bone- tines t blend Ot MU « claim that they all *7«a/ the foreign alcohollCand dal. bottle . ... . 7UC pint 400, quart.. . Ol#C .£ r. „R. ' IT *
I be T*. . .48C R y e ?*?k ln l?™'39C £kW mP ° nn * dSSCd S5C High-grade wine, in delicacy and aroma^ non - intoxicating ain-_-___-l_,^f Q S 75c \u25a0 *** I' $
1 Oo^d out hundred, of these Oil -De Luxe imported ImporteS Sardrnes-^ Coffees. Once f^ f"^^ „ T^^ Carbonated -«*»+**-.\u25a0'** ' OS \u25a0£%- XK^ '££.s££ |
It dainty belt ornament, at . great naifice. French oil. gal. f ng% In oil, doz. $1.10, tin lOC IlC#S J a l w ,. Absolutely pure oods-full weight, and mea- V* ' U '^ " *V '^ U PortorSherry r Ou,r eBU -ffO c ™.r.:r!!.r!..05C regulanng burner /^^^ J
*: The buckle, come in all of the ,tyfc*h $1.9O f A^\.9imUU Jello-A«orted flavor,.- ;_ USed,alwayS sure,-lowest pnees. Free deuverie, to all Cider. A whole- * 75= ««- w-e. .^L.. ••^ fc ' Q^ter Al Whikey. bode. Off-. completewith J
t fi B ish« to match the new colors in Ovsters-Choicecove,^ 3 packages _?5C USed. Sold Only pomts of San Francco and suburbs. . \u25a0 ] gant 1 . 7SC sffl^^'wi&W bi_- "• SS« everything includ- .j
£ costumes, buckle, worth from $1.50 to 3 tin, A^^ C Lennox Soap-For the laun- bvtheEmDOr- Free Samples t '_A ran __ Emporium Whiskey-Guaranty 11^ TT*. : 75 C ing hose. $2.50 /f^SgSI) S
* $^.00 each, all at one price O Q Poppy Cream -A f _ dry or kitchen. M- n PJ me Q f everything in the food show. Daily 9 tem P erance .tr.i B hi «0d... sallon 92.38- Old Crow WhUkey-Gam^rajr- j vL^^^ST *
J- on Monday and Tuesday 01/ C pure food product. 2 hns lOC bars SUG lUm. Try it. a . m. to 6 p.m. drink. \u25a0-3SJ ..^.°^: 94mU O M on da $1 .59 s **'^ «J
I . i ! 1_ i S
j .«» £ar#y Autumn Muallnwear Sale XSiSiSS 1 "" Suits of Style and Quality \
i A Thousand Dozen well-made gar- FOS* $5.00 The Box Eton $62.50 cS^TQi i
I ments Priced I=s to 1-2 under Regular New models and new^groups of The Long Coat $47.50 :*
£ d?^C4& RcmarlraW*. »^«r,««,- f l • i- ii bats constantly arriving from the East SulU of individuality — suits different «*^? /v "^—W -^Ml * £
$ -ffSr % , e " arkable e^°™« (or women who appreciate dainty, well- Always something new and distinct- from the ordinary ready-to-wears-suits A^%,^^L $
£ MX «wP N^ made ungene. Uood muslm garments produced by one of the ivetobe found in the Emporium's exclusive with v, that we will not have duplicate, J^yfl^^^£^^^L *^ x
£ tr&JZfyr>^ \u25a0 • )sK^_^» best manufacturers in the East at lower prices than you would have big mi linery department. of later on (even with our cheaper suit, we buy 'M/ ll?l vf A?Kf «
Jk fV \ C /v^ v f^s^ri In nay anmuLr. f« r ik« i- J- I- J tl- • • i i no duplicates), suits that few local tailor, . could *- /\u25a0ff/ihl\ \ \ssM \u25a0«!> «..V I I thvJ*^ I °3
J- _Wf&l\ A, -_«^ / fir^Wl 1 to pay anywhere or the most ordinary bnds. This is not job lots. • make fo your order, and if they could the price /M Wf^V /// * %
v V/S'Lw^Vh^S^ //iPvH / bu s dean « well fleeted stock m full assortments as to sizes and /*^^g2>^ /i* would be to J4 more than ours are marked. yf&Fk Sj fAJIf *
-* i .-ri k^2^S LA l«\ / P erf ect fitting garments, made in healthy, clean workrooms 1 The. Eton Suit Pictured— ls made of a / '^^^ rv^Z /7/W'.\LV '?
S 1 f^- v |r>sJ^cfi VvV\>^< under strictly sanitary conditions. The materials are cambrics %|||iji|i2^ l^//<sy£p' _2/l\»V\ '*
»: r mS| , M Si j/ \-__SI muslins, nainsooks and long cloths, and the trimmings while Cl^l^^}}^^^^ .a-p«»r «««»- Jke box etc« jad»t i.. fined W // JM & \* \ %
?• ij I 1 1 '•-£_ K.<^ <Cr:X ' i /H ff J\tsS. and wash laces> hems «tching and tucks neatly and judiciously used. ffi^T*^^^^^ ' stitched paon velvet. The new pleated cir- ///,,/ T *J7 / \, \\ *
2 \\\\gygmi A \_r__-_=7si.l i fftife 7 J ____™ * S^'^Lry^' ' cuUr.ld*. Ahani 4fe >j O . ffr . /{ lj% 1 ik \\ %
* t 'j/^&Slff/ /fi\ \~^ I/MtOt-a^fP^^ ' ~~~v~n~~~~~^~v^~s~- Cfaf V some refined costume. 5?%9^T/ frfcl 9 ll'l • I I « / l ; \\ A ?
*^ I // \u25a0»Yl IfX \ €^IPm®S^W !; A Combination Sale will be one "of the special induce- ; \L W '' ' marked. . ... . /<PVf_4r«O\7 Wl $j I / II i\ * *
*. / \u25a0// B E^'^V\\ ; menu of this offering. A^ great variety of gowns, corset covers, ; i I f *"\u25a0 The 52-inch Coat Suit Pictured— ls •//Iff// / I ¥• Vv °?
t II i/ I/''^K?^V\ ;^?^?^ drawers, skirts and chemises worth up to $1 each »r^ *' \L--^'i also made of chiffon broadcloth, colors black. ff Ilafl' ' Bi / ' I ' jK •*
JC II Sir W liiiF : wiU all be on sale at the uniform price of. ... .' M^l ' '" W«« » *** eh ?t !r J 01 "^ En -^ ,/ / I-f I 1 S\ C iW\ '?
ft I j /j / ifi fiß ' P»"-v. vi . .... TUV *•-- .' . throughout wth fine taffeta silk, rnmmed with // I I|//f j i A.A TTrX i L-U«-«v \ «
i 7/ » /I .^*^ /*J»\ uEw '"'"^ WW><W -^v>^sJ \u25a0 . \u25a0 tailor braid and reUeved at collar and cuffs with , 7f I lij \ n\lW\' (fffWlWl W. V^ •*
'C if IJ m /^/^V Hf I? Corset Covers, there are In Gowns, hbh neck low neck Hundreds of'pretty hat. will be found -on }^ vet ° f BC . U Q shade ' ft fi_" fk " \Mlf,l\ M 'IW <}/fej'lik %--^ 5
S Iff IvY /^dW^r^S'f JouTd. square and low neck style,; round. Vot^l^.Z Tort s»lc Monday at $5-00. Street and dres, 2^^ " 9 1 .OU || J i|i M $
i jf AVVO^^ J^dtW/L lace or embro.dery trimmed. almost any kind of a gown you turban, and toques New French felt V °f B - ' ' ;•• '*T ' IAjK)' \u25a0 . «J
/ Ifl / W^^^VS^V 25c Cover. . . ./_^C might desii excellently B £ Tof Jne shapes tnmmed w^th wing, velvet, chiffon Other Tailored^Sults-For « httle as VX^ U J
S* /J r^\M£f \\ '*^P 35c Cover. .... _?/O material,. ornaments^ 'etc.; hand-made shape, writ $6-50 and up to $98.50. 5
£» Xy7 /I' nl\— -4a F\ T^^^S^ x>,D- c r 50c Cover, 9tirt tlmul __ velvet, silk, flower, wings, breast, and ' .^uwtiy^vmA^-) . . .\u25a0*-• \u25a0 tnnnnnn^ M
I 6g] /|[ V^ffSrS^W^^^V-^^r $!.00Cover..' .' .7%% $"50v aUes " ' 'os° other trimming,; color, to match the new JewJ cw } Mercerized Llnene Waists- Town and Country Waists- T™ . *
V %^^^M^SS>V<^^ $1.50 Cove". :: sfS \u25a0vSL^'nio £ costun^; hat, ,h. t AA < gje . Front made wUh eight narrow For fall wear-m^e of flannels. I; Dainty g
• k A'- /n^TraV=^^Kyi^\V -ca^/ in nr^.rc <i l -t , •*^ o o j i--J« will win us new fame *?% 619 1 ' Sllk / pleats on each side of handsome madras, batiste and Novelty vest- \ iMull ' Vj
P i Vs4^ /] E?SP(OT®S\ .AVoT In Drawers, we offer hemstitched $1.38 and a, milliner,, choice for *P • V : : Waists embroidered panel, deep cuff ha, ings, in the new coloring,. Prices. ;! Waists ! *
* 6/ ! I IHMSSL^^^S, -o'^T and ruffled garments. .35c value, inSklrtsi nSkIrts J n7 ,fl A \u0084,.-, V J L • five nanow pleaU. perfectly made. $1.25, $1.50, and ...>\«-1 7^ 5H < 5
•T ***7 th' B/mM&yT^S^e&jr j _?/O lfl if^^ dozens of st y le ». A speaal display of new drew hat,, pro- vss to 52Z.5U an d cheap at . ... .$1.30 .•... . . .* . $1.75 <SS tO $12 ' 50 'J
fc: //'j& o •/?WlMvBr% Embroidery or lace' trimmed 50c ma ae of nne materials and generous- duced in our own workrooms, faithful cop- U«^vs~^. } _ * -» J
J >^ ofi"A.:__A- _if£! b toov.ww . . 7 » o SSpSSlp'p^ : f r/rsf Showing and Advanced Sale of Furs j 5
•>* .? V/?'. 8 -^ trimmings, $1.00 values for 78c, ' $2.50 Values for _\u25ba# 63 DCW cosl L m " .° n c ? ' n l^ c ! An extensive stock of choice furs from the most inexpensive up to the finest, now ready in the women's suit sec- ! «
% - and an excellent extra size drawers 44 00 Valu«i fnr «2»"oS /»^ Se i Sf be B inmn 8 _t> -j /"^ i%/\ tion. The pomt of first importance to fur buyers is their reliability. These will be found reKable. Cha money-back ''> "%
* worth $1.50. for Qa 6 "SS V_C far. " JS3I M ° *' ' *$>l\)mi)\) \ i^gu^rantee your protection. \u25a0 _ _ — | J
£ » ; ; : ——\u25a0 "'" --\u25a0•\u25a0---\u25a0•\u25a0-•---\u25a0-\u25a0•::-.^: : .__ _J •
8 WM^'ato'dl s-^^SfSri- Some PHoes From thß WIN & Finck I Great 1 1 WAere Tbwefe are I |
t effect nattems 28 inches wide and ? h '*% co]d m *f*Aj mormng and even- J *^^,° f ta ™ ns> 7"™, f f ° gcto $130 checker boardsl^Oto7so '^~*i~Tn*lT\ $1-75 Japanned infants* bath tub for . SSO At the Emponum always. J
X eneci panerns. Z.O menes Wiae ana mg . Keep your feet warm and piwerve your $1.00 Wood or tm kitchen,, furnished 500 $1-00. Hill -climbing express .wagon, • SpOOial UOll \ <i nnc»!l_-, I_v«.1 _v«. V^n.w™^. <ffln T- •ii 1**1" » *
V worth 12^1250 yards white dotted health by wearing comfortable felt footwear $3.25 Tin French cookuw ranges AffiS '•• • ••• .. . SOo /CT^x' Sa#O ', $1.00 Steam cookers-3 compartments sfl© Especially SO- Monday- and ?
J. swus. ««,rted ne doto. worth whileatnome. . ! , Z rlnr In rr ™ 5°° k^"^ " •\u25a0^5 50c Mechamcal balking pig ... 250 / jj&s£^ For Monday ) 35c Peerle,, suu hangers, styles for ladies or ** J ' .\u25a0J J
£. Ioc«dl2^c the yard, begm- © C , Felt Romeos-Red and black iHS S" -"T "^ , " ' 62 ° 50c Mechanical .. In conjunction with men, each 250 Tufsday, when WC Will Sell: %
£ nog Monday, all at. ..... .OW ™"' , C 1 00 lantern,, complete for s^-50 $2.75 Wood «pre« wagon ... $1.37 the Will & Finck toy . lOc Wire coat hanger^ .pedal .... 5O 0 ..\/, ,00-«^,-,^ , \
i 850 yds. whhe novelty wash good., checks. j^T A V\'' ' U V |lo^lroad train, (hot air power) $1.00 Wood hook and ladder . 50 0 /ffl^^W«le wj offer ..line of ,[ Emporium Paint, worth>s 1 30 gallon 24c bleached 20x50 Turkish Towek $
£ plaids, etc. worth 12Kcto 15c; 1000 yards Better grade, in natural gray, golden brown^ $250 Stem launch, now half price $1.25 50c Hop scotch tiddledywink, . .250 /JMm'M- A genuine Kertner doll,j| ....... J .... $1.35 and 24c unbleached 20x52 * O '5
«C white Persian Uwn. 34 inche, wide, worth »Uo red and black, pair ... $1 .50 gc and s(^gJ**««»«™«»d£f O 50c Game of parchea ... . ' . 25 C 4#^fl ftj© »» fbout 1-3 less than |, Crepe paper napkins, per hundred .. #5C « inch Turkish Towels, each lO C $
t UHc; and 1500 yds. whiteEng- Infants* Juliets-Red, navy blue and 25c Md sOc Blsque jor kid dolU 50c Game of letters .. ... 250 ff? , M I « "T [har real valuer The}- > ; .ViXry padde/ ,leev/board^-best . 750- Ort l n . -. V™\./. V ~ S
2oT ThTtxtrd suitinL' 27 'inches Men's black felt , Kppers. with flexible leather Jfei^ff? ll^ I '-:.**!? 0 50c. $1.00 and^ $1.25 harps '/ TSJ ' Card table,, covered with green felt $3. SO Towels, each .••.•• 1OV * $
% ,^l^sorted lanyard 1 4C »° lcs - •'' i " '" • ' *t*OO ll \£ Atm"A L 87 ° „"' V^^P^f G ?° 'LI U 50c Nickel plated cuspidofs. for .. . 330 j 6 -2-3 c" bleached 20x42 inch Turt '5
fc >«de, «sort«l pattern, yard .., »^ Men*, felt Romeo, 5/-OO and «/.£?O 25c, 50c and $1.00 doll house, .... 25c and $1.00 Doll*, bed, .... ... \ S ch^ri^. \u25a0 opq. .work .tock- 5 c Rice root>t and .ink scrub. .. 2O I T«T / U I^l S *
I 1 »jMt-g«^*^c -^^&^rSC |lg'ggs"?fe^fg .-.ft- J!;:l|ga:g:||j I^S^^S^. |
t : 1 1 i \u0084-•\u25a0\u25a0 . .; \u0084 ...... ,- .... . ... ,-, . ..-- : ;
£ Lowest Prices ~ Z~ I New Materials for "5
I mE ™Q™ i **.°»- Economy in Furniture— Dollars' Dolnu Double Duty Now Art Needlework |
t= &QSt UratteS . ( • ' ' , ' S - The beaudful new department on sec- S
I $2S&B*pet& Our surplus stock furniture sale presents positively the biggest bargains ever offered! in San Francisco. Furniture of depend- dedJ^maSaK aU^of^ %
£ Best Tapestry Brussels Car- " ability, handsomely designed, well constructed and .originally priced 20 per cent under prices asked by exclusive furniture houses. An addi- * \u25a0 New Lace Braids. Jv:'sS :*: *
J pet. Stinson make, designs for tional 25 to 30 per cent to be saved now. V. , Princess Louise and Bruges 5
*.; parlors, chambers, dining-rooms, ;; ' . Laces— The kind so much used for col- •*
x ha!Js and stairs; our regular rmnmr-nr-t '""~ i '"''\u25a0'\u25a0' •"' : ''" : ' *"•":/- iA - m,, nilll ' • '.^• cl^' antJ Test ***• **&**. jabou. J
*' -•••••• ipl©-4D Golden Oak- Mahogany Mahogany Davenport, Golden Oak. Oilt> floMonrbb .Sbu4S S on heaJ .Lm for^nter,. :«
I "SS d id B 3St£?ffc X TWS^ JR^a =Wt^a mA «.^^^, |
t ---— w51.25 \u25a0• ° :!~:: !~: f^U. . TUX- : ft r^i>~_ Ts?or ..yt^l ;-fcSK£SUS?{3i»^ i
yro ........ • . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.. - -\u0084\u25a0.>...- ..•\u25a0: - : .. \u0084 ! .„,'--"-".. r •<\u25a0•• ? >; \u25a0\u25a0 .'.:.' -. ; \u25a0 .:..-../. .''. - ; - Hthenewwork.dairy9Joio'nJoa.m. .«
*"* \u25a0- \u25a0 ..\u25a0\u25a0 ..-\u25a0-. - . \u25a0 ... ....... ;... ., . - ... .. . ... \u0084, r - . \u25a0\u25a0> \u25a0 . - . \u25a0 \u25a0' : —~ ~~~ ——~~~^~~~~~-~~~ J ."•
THE SAN FRANCISCO vCALL, SUNDAY, 'OCTOBER 15, 1905.
2930
1 Dry Goods Company.
ill BARGAINS IN PETTICOATS^)
Odd Silk Petticoats in black and
colors— slightly soiled— a limited |
number of pieces to be reduced j
r j to close out at once at V '.* |
I HALF THE ORIGINAL PRICES j
I] BARGAINS IN WAISTS J}
| Odd Waists in silk, crepe, batiste,
\ flannel and wash goods, slightly
I soiled in handling — a limited num.-
| ber will be marked to .dear im-
jf I'! mediately at '.' *." '.' "7 '.'
i \ HALF THE ORIGINAL PRICES
i | SHOWN ON THE LINGERIE TABLES - SECOND FLOOR ||
i Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square
JAIL FOR LIFE
IS THUG'S FATE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UKIAH. Oct. 14. — Last night a jury
brought in a verdict of guilty in the
case of Charles Jones or Stevens,
charged with the murder of Frank
Drake In this county last year.
Jones, with two companions named
Kinlay and Lambert, killed Drake in
an attempt to rob him. They were not
suspected, iind were witnesses here at
the examination of a suspect, who
proved an alibi. They disappeared aicer
the examination and suspicion was
not directed their way until the wom
an with whom they lived began to talk.
After a lung chas^ Finlay was
vaught in Colusa County. A month
later Lambert was captured in Oregon.
Last August Jones was caught in
Washington. Finlay was convicted and
sent up Tor life, lie was shot In the
Folsom outbreak. Lambert pleaded
guilty and also got a life sentence. The
jury in the Jones case recommended
life imprisonment.
Jones is the son of a Tennessee min
ister. His father wanted to come nere
to defend his son and offered every
tinancial aid. »
Jones' conviction rids Mendocino
County of three desperate characters
who lived by gambling and other ques
tionable means. It is believed by many
that Ffr.lay killed an express messen
gfr at Meyer two years ago in an at
tempted stage hold-up.
BOY OF FOURTEEN FALLS FROM
HAY WAGON AND IS KILLED
Horwi Run Away and the Unfortunate
Lad Is Thrown Beneath
the Wfaeelx. '
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 14. — Rex Ed
wards, a 14 -year-old son of J. Edwards,
a prominent rancher, nine miles south
of this city, was killed this morning
by falling from a hay wagon. His
head wajs crushed beneath the wheels.
He had gone to a neighboring ranch
to help companions in« the hay fields,
when the horses hauling the wagon ran
away, throwing him out.
COLUMBIA RIYEIt BAR IS XOT
AS SHALLOW AS REPORTED
Big: SteamKhlp Drawing; 25.7 I>et
Crosses Out to Sea With
out Mishap.
ASTORIA, Oct. 14.— The erroneous
lmpreesion that the Columbia River bar
has shoaled to such an extent that ves
sel* of great tonnage and large draft
can no longer cross -with safety was
effectually dispelled to-day by the per
formance of the, steamship Imaum.
which, drawing 25.7 feet, crossed out to
sea without mishap. The Imaum Is
bound for the Orient.
$&9 f£ Worth of Furniture & B Kf\
& %J and Carpets for Ir^k
China Closet | Mahogany Pedestal
prj|~Qs| Golden oak— |: Like cut, will be |§i
bent • plate: sold while they
I LfLk S \ glass — cheap \ last, with your g-
£ «££ 1 at selection of a S|
$ ~jjf§- \ Special : jardiniere W
Fry! $14 7R =i S3 75 R - e s u!ar i
Roman Chair I Dining Choir
Mahogany finish, uphol- : Beautiful gold f^jg^j
stered in verona or damask. :|^ n m *' e L m HuT
/$ - 7^ :| bossed leathe: 184!;
nt \(\l A beauty * ' seat ~~ no more q~~IL
WSBjm S P ecial customer t0 ° ne SHI
I \ 01.90 jj 95c ea. *J '\u25a0 I
FURNITURE COMPANY
338-342 POST STREET
WILL COMPARE
BOILER SCALES
Special Dispatch to The Call
VALLEJO, Oct. 14. — The court-mar
tial of Commander Lucien Young of the
Bennington continues its weary way at
the Mare Island navy yard. Lieuten
ant Commander F. \V. Bartlett was
again on the witness stand all day.
The most important ruling made dur
ing to-day's session was that giving
the board's consent to a request that
a pint of the scales taken from boiler
B, which were forwarded to the Navy
Department at Washington by the
board of inquiry that sat at San Diego
be sent "for. This request was made
by the defense. Its purpose was not
made clear, but it is believed there is a
desire to compare the scales obtained
from the safety valves of the boiler
which brought such damage with those
from boiler C, which were on exhibi
tion at the court session to-day. Two
employes of the navy yard opened the
safety valve of boiler. C to-day. It
was examined thoroughly by the coun
sel, the witnesses and the members -of
the court.
Counsel Evans again attempted to se
cure an opinion from Bartlett to-day
by which he could have the expert's
testimony thrown out, but the watch
fulness of Advocate West, who ob
jected to the question, asked the wit
ness regarding the quantity of water
in the safety valve of boiler B at the
time that the Bennington was at sea,
foiled Evans. V.'est did not desire
Bartlett to impeach himself by answer
ing this question, as it was of no par
ticular interest to the court and Bart
lett does not pretend to be an expert In
this particular.
The feature of the day's proceedings
was the appearance of Ensign Charles
T. Wade in the ante-room of the court.
He appeared to be well and strong and
was accompanied by Past Assistant
Surgeon Smith, under wliose care he
has been since he was stricken with ap
pendicitis. Wade was not allowed In
the courtroom, as it is the policy of the
board to exclude all witnesses, but he
held a levee in the big library, which
is used as an ante-room to the court
Wade is on almost as friendly terms
with the members of the court as Com
no»nder Young, whose daily greetng is
a handshake with each and every mem
ber of the court previous to the com
mencement of the day's session.
Dr. Decker, dentist. SOO Market; specialty
Col ton Gas for palnles* extraction of -teeth. ••
, MUST APPEAR IN COURT,— Judge Van
Nostrand yesterday Issued a peremptory order
to the Sheriff to produce Mrs. Jane Rlley In
lilt courtroom to-morrow morning. Mrs.
Riley's evidence Is desired in a suit brought
against her son, James RJley, by a collection
agency. ..The mother has refused to obey pre
vious summons.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. ,15, 1905.
STOCK PRICES
SHOW DECLINE
Market liemains linpassive
and but Little Business Is
Transacted During' Week
FEEBLE FLUCTUATIONS
Kates for Money Have Moved
Upward in . All of the
Great Financial Centers
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The bank
statement proved an enigma again to
day, as has come to be expected, owing
to the largu share in banking opera
tions by institutions outside tne clear
ing-house, which do not report results
to be included in the bank statement.
The stook market remained so impas
sive on the appearance of the statement
that tluctuations were feeble, with the
closing easy at small declines.
The bank statement's showing of a
decrease in loans of $29,456,600 makes a"
record, with the sole exception of the
reduction for the lirst week of Septem
ber. Repayments Jof temporary bor
rowings by the city of New York with
the proceeds of u.e yearly tax*»ayments
figure in the showing.
The stock market has indicated some
A.quidation during the week, but noth
ing like the flguro reported in the
bank statement. Preliminary estimates
of the cash change, based on figures
supplied by the oanks themselves,
promised an increase of about $1,000,
000, while the bank statement shows
an actual decrease of $2,350,800. No
explanation Is offered for the dis
crepancy except as it may represent a
rectincation of previous statements,
which has shown unexplained growth
In the cash reserves. The foreign ex
change market was unusually strong
for a Saturday. ,-
Sterling exchange declined at Paris
again and a small^arcel of gold was
withdrawn from the Bank of England
for shipment to France. Sterling ex
change reacted slightly at Berlin.- but
discounts advanced again at that cen
ter, at Paris and at London. The in
ternational pressure for gold is shown
to be fully maintained by these de
velopments.
Total sales of bonds, par value,
$2,021,000.,
Prices have moved irregularly through
the week In a dull market and did not
lose ground greatly at any time. Rates
for money hdve moved upward In all.
great centers of capital on account of
encroachments upon reserves for pur
poses of circulation and coincident
large demands for credits.
The course ot the money market dur
ing the week has reinforced the coun
sel of caution in speculative extension.
Tne Hank of Knprland refrained from
advancing its discount rate, and it was
reported that the Bank of France was
parting with gold for Egypt to relieve
the larse drain on the London rr.on^y
market. Foreign exchange in this
market moved away from the gold Im
port r-oint in response to the higher
money ratos abroad. Rumors were cir
culated of an intended redepbsit In na
tional banks nf : a portion of the Gov
erum^ntv.surplus. but~these failed of
otfiMa.l confirmation. Time money, rates
and. interest on commercial credits
moved upward, and there was some
calling of "loans at the Stock Exchange.
Bonds have moved narrowly on a
light volume of business. The new 4s
coupon advanced '4 Jind the new 4s
registered % per cent on call during
the week. . ' , •
SHIP FIXED FOUR HUNDRED
DOI,LAIIS BY CUSTOMS OFFICERS
Captain Makes Mistake of Sailing;
From Nnnnimo Without Enter
ing; or Clearing;.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 14. — The
steamship Tellus was fined $400 yes
terday by the customs officers for leav
ing Nanaimo for Ladysmith without en
tering or clearing. Captain Arntzen of
the Tellus will apply to tbe Dominian
authorities at Ottawa' to have the tine
remitted, on the contention that his
vessel was only in the harbor a few
hours.
The Tellus was engaged in blockade
running during the war, being one of
the vessels which made a successful
trip. She managed to enter Vladivo
stok and carry contraband through the
Japanese blockading lines in the Sea
of Japan.
EXPLOSION OF CAN OF OH."
\u25a0 CAUSES - DEATH OF WOMAN
Cook Succumbs to Frightful Burns Re
ceived in the Home Restaurant
' at " Mojave. '
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 14.— Mrs. Ada
Parker, a cook In trie Home restaurant
at Mojave. • died at the County Hos
pital to-day from burns received in an
explosion of a kerosene can In the
restaurant on Thursday.- Mrs. Parker,
who shortly before her death stated
that she was without friends or rela
tives, accidentally dropped the can upon
i..c stove. There was an Immedate ex
plosion and the woman, was frightfully
burned. She was brought to this city
yesterday.
BURGLARS BREAK INTO HOTEL
AND TAKE CASH AND JEWELRY
Caravnnmiry nt Oceano.-'ln San Luis
Oblnpo County, la Visited
. By Thieves.
SAN LUIS' OBISPO. Oct.. 14. — Burg
lars entered the Oceano Hotel at Oce
ano early this morning, and breaking
open the safe, looted It of $76 In cash
and Jewelry. -^v-^J"
RESULTS COUNT.
In tbe Relectlon of n medicine to re-
Store your appetite, steady the nervo3.
promote sound sleep and make you well
again you should choose one that has
a record of such cures back of ft. Then
your choice s must be the famous
|HI Hos tetter's
111 Stomach"
>^p|fl^v Bitters.
tegi V*-«£u.v*gsr\ We have re-
hA®S\ STQMAPH ceived letters
Slfl^ <Si*'t<nvir*^ trom thousands of
tiTgk* people who have
Pi *• iiiliili Fcmaie Tr ° übies
|sL^xS^^^/»'"u^£ : 2**!y it is especially ef-
KsSGfe^B?**s!3^Sssfc^j3 f active. A -trial
H^jH^^x!|MM^Hß3LSßoSii|iißM win convlnctj
every sick man
i : ,-!-*\u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084 ' Z77.- and woman.
PP^to}' Prices . |IS| ; pHfttt|
TURKISH ROCKER — "Old j DINING TABLE-rSolid oak. S-PIKCE PARLOR SUIT — Mahoffany-finished 2-PIECE BEDHOOM SUIT — Golden finish; a
- JS|^ s J^f * n « frame ; be9t steel spring; upholstered 'in «r- a s t^ ve ra f r c r 3 o ¥ n ' ggS» sui hh t a3 i 3 $£##
sprini Made to last a lifetime. .fluted logs; highly polished; ured damask. A remarkable value. Price..:.. carved and highly polished. An artistic
Price" $37.25 * 6-foot draw; Price. ..#8.35 S-4-50 deslgrn. Price JIID.SO
An Incomparable Display of Choice Patterns at Lowest I g^srt [ jg£S|Sy /^£j Fall des isns are in— oolongs arc beautiful. We show
Prices. . majss&Sfl y^^SSf'S'A 1/ 'Z&l J a choice line of exclusive designs at lowest prices.
WILTON BRUSSELS— A good quality of Brussels Carpet, \i, fft^fV ARABIAX .VET CURTAIN'S— Lace insertion and edge;
in effective patterns; both Oriental and Floral; suitable |J;i^--^ l i!iMiy!^SiiD g artistic designs. This week only, per pair... <r I s"t
for any room in the house; with or without bor- AQs* yiff \\f=gft~ gfe>\ • I^' ••• '*'*••*'
der. Per yard ',{'f: . T^--'iP~'-""':' J "^^-^ I 1 60-INCH COUCH COVER — Very effective colorings; choice
WILTON VELVET— An excollent prrade; suitable for fi^-]7~rv. Vjr~'l.l grade of goods; regular $3.5.0 value. This t?*> ?r\
halls, stairs or dining-room; effective colorings. 2^9c ftgfgH fi?JJrKJ>i-|r I week, while they last, each tytZmlSJ
*-VMix^rr'ii"nVnPET— Fine deen vile closely woven- 'feffj:^''?^-'^! 1 ASSORTMENT OK TAPESTRY PORTIERES — Both corded
A *n"™r™ffec C^ £dge and fringe. Prices S6 50 $7 00. $7.50 and $8 00.
room 6r livingioom; with or without borders. a?\/ -. W^ .t^^-^. t^^-^ «L \ This week only, while they last. Per pair.. *A £«r
Per yard °« /2 C A v**.«-J
COLUMBIA BRUSSELS — A Carpet too well known to -^Zg-L-.-gfp • . » \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0?> ji f We carry a large line of comforters and blankets. Xow
need description; .incomparable for Bervice; no Carpet . r«*^»" - ' fHAif SHCf ' :'""' Fkusest* that the cold weather Is approaching, it is time to con-
equal to it at the price. Comes in effective QOI/ *• LcyajtJJ. .... . •\i r ±4f L &£y&} sider this department. Blankets range from $1.75 TO
designs;, with or without border. Per yard. .. V fif 72^' ' " - \u25a0 :^&J3| JHH.'.OO- Comforters from .SI .."»O TO 540.00.
MOB THREATENS
LIFE OF NEGRO
— -+-. \u25a0
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
FRESNO, Oct. 14.— A lynching was nar
rowly averted here to-day. A party of
enraged -farmers secured a rope ana set
out with the purpose of stringing up a
negro who had attempted to attack a
white woman. The life of the black
brute was saved only through the qulcK
action of a constable, who hurried him
into a buggy and drove at a breakneck
speed to 'Fresno, where the prisoner was
safely lodged in the County Jail.
The negro, Herbert Flnley, lives with
his family on a small farm near Fowler.
A half-mile away reside the Klime fam
ily. A few days ago the husband and
father weijt on a trip to Los Angeles and
yesterday, Finley, meeting . a small
daughter of the house, asked her if her
father was at home and if the -mother
kept a gun in the house. . The girl- an
swered no. '
The import of the black's questions be
came evident when ,Finley attempted to
enter the Klime house at midnight. His
words left no doubt of his intentions and
Mrs.. Klime barricaded the doors. Fln
ley threatened her with a revolver ana
was" chopping' at" the front door with an
ax, when the woman slipped out a back
window and ran across the fields to the
home of the .nearest neighbor. A mob
quickly gathered and for several minutes
the life of the negro was, not worth much.
SEEKS DIVORCE FROM A MAN
WHOSE WIFE SHE IS , NOT
Odd Suit In Dismissed and a Complaint
ChurfiluK Perjury May. Be t / . -,\u25a0, \u25a0 -
aiadc'
SEATTLE," Oct. 14.— One of the odd
est pieces of litigation that has ever
found Its way into the Superior Court
brought to an end to-day when
Superior Judge Frater dismissed the
suit brought by Addie R. Brown to ob
tain, a divorce from Ellison S. Brown,
a wealthy rancher of .Idaho, who has
not been her legal husband for more
than six years. In 1899 she secured a
divorce from him and a partition of his
In July- of this year she
started a suit before Judge Frater for,
a second divorce and another division
of the property. Judge Frater, how
ever, refused to hear the case arid it
was dismissed.
Although the case was dismissed, it
may end in a charge of. perjury being:
placed against the woman. In her
complaint, it is charged, she swore to
false statements regarding the ' \u25a0 prop
erty given her in the .first divorce de
cree. >^C:'vm^iM.
COLORED METHODISTS BRING
THEIR CONFERENCE TO CLOSE
Appoints ' Delegates to Eastern Meet
ing and Decide to Gather Next
Year at Los Angeles.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 14.— The African
Methodist Episcopal Zlon Church Pa-,
cine Coast conference ended to-day.
The next conference will be- held at
Los Angeles on October 19j 1906.
\u25a0 The following delegates were ap
pointed to Eastern conferences: R. H.
Hunter, Oklahoma; George 'Jackson,
New York; Rev.; R.Vernon, Philadel
phia and Baltimore;. Rev. W. "W. Mat
thews, North Arkansas; Rev. W. Blake
ley, Palmetto; Rev. TJ Brown, Missouri.
„. \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0„ - - _i«__^_-__ Jt - \u25a0/''. :
Change!! Among , Postmasters.
U WASHINGTON, ; Oct. 1 4.— Changes In
fourth: class .postmasters: Calif ornla-;-
Dunbar ton. '\u25a0 Monterey . County. Harvey
Schumaker, : vice Cyrus A. \ Still : Farm
ersville, \u25a0 Tulare: County, Martin C. Hel
lar, vice Arthur M.".. Thompson; Gray
son, : Stanislaus : 'County,* .William S.
Green, vice James R. .McDonald. Jr.;
Montpelier, Sanislaus County,
G. Bledsoe.-vlce John : R. Klnser; T Round
Mountain," Shasta" County,, A." J. Mich
aelaon,>vlce', Andrew ;" : AT= Berg.
INCOEKIGIBLE YOUTH
IS SENT TO PUISOX
Parents, After Trying to Re
form Him. Allow Law to
Take Its Course. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 14.— Lester Richardson,
the 19-year-old son of well-to-do parents
In Seatle and a relative of a banker, was
to-day sentenced to seven years in the
State penlentlary for burglary. A year
ago he* was convicted of the same crime
and sentenced to one day In the peniten
tiary. As the Sheriff could not deliver
him to the institution in time he was re
leased from the County Jail. He 'Imme
diately started in again and was caught
red-handed robbing a hardware store. He
has been arrested a dozen times here for
the same crime, but in each instance his
relatives secured his release. This time
they allowed the law to take Its course.
Life Insurance Query.
Why should insurers complain that
their reserves are^used in Wall street
manipulations? Our California compa
ny, the Conservative Life, keeps, the
people's money at home and deposits
the reserves with the State Treasurer
for the protection of the policy-holder.
Instead of real : love being such a lady
like thing, It often has blisters on ltd
feet, corns on Its hands, and a back that
aches with loads of others.
WK^^Q^ WHAT MAKES GOOD BEER? J&
\l/jf\"Y fc-Jtttc-mait? Is it the tops? [W
!/W^fl|P\ Or is it the combination of all. four of \f^4
MiJJmW \ OSC PP r * me c l ements cpnverted into the fin- >\
m/mv \ s^ ie^P ro^ uct^y t ' iemaster h an d of the brewer? k %|j\
IMS | j I; \ Moerlein's beer is a better beer than others, "
\ llkM 3 " o^^^ k ecause it is brewed of the finest Hops, and f tfs\l
lir^^^^^^^ the best quality of barley malt money can buy, \;^|¥
'^^^^^^^^ p ur e water, filtered air, and brewed by the fT
\ / master brewers of the American Continent. [JCt
y^^\K^ Moerlein's Extra Pale Beer is a beer par excel- f||lp
IVm lence, the choice : of connoisseurs of the world's | j/J;
uff malt products, fi beer at once a beverage and a tonic— U^|s
rlf wholesome, delicious, with a flavor all its own. ?
I If It is the best brew that makes the best beer— Moerlein's. -M>
Ijf^ THE CHRISTIAN MOERLIEN BREWING CO. '.A
J^m SPOHN-PATRICK COMPANY (Incorporated) Pacific Cout Agents, &$\J
*\u25a0"•"; i6-iB-ao-aa Front Street. Sia Fracisco. C»L '•••^•\l#
STEALS WIFE'S MONEY
TO GIVE TO PARAMOUR
One - Time Belle of Colton
Gets Divorce From Cruel
Husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN' BERNARDINO. Oct. 14.— "He
brought me to the house of a woman he
said had lived with him for four years
and then deserted me on the plea of ob
taining work at Bisbee," wailed Mrs.
Mary L. Hayes, who Is suing for divorce
here.' Mrs. Hayes was. one of the hand
somest girls In Colton when she married
Allan Hayes a few years ago. She lo<Jks
like an old woman now, being broken in
health. Hayes would take money otlt of
her purse to give his paramour and final
ly robbed his wife of $45 and deserted her.
She was granted her decree.
TWENTY THOUSAND TOSS OP Oil.
FOR THE REPUBLIC OF CHILE
Contract for Big . Consignment of
Petroleum In Awarded San Luis
• Obispo Corporation.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 14.— The
Union Oil Company has received a con
tract to supplyjChlle with 20.000 tons of
oil. Oil is scarce In South America and
Chill had to come here for It. The Brit
ish steamship Azov, passed the quaran
tine to-day and is loading with oil.
She has a capacity of 20.000 barrels.
COMPELLED TO LEAVE
WITHOUT. HIS BPJDE
Discipline of Steamship Com
] pany Separates a Newly
'Wedded Pair.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SEATTLE. Oct. ll.— First Officer Key<?s
of the Great Northern Steamship Com
pany's Minnesota when the vessel arrives
in Seattle in a few days will be a bride
groom \u25a0without a wife. He was quietly
married in Shanghai when the vessel
touched on her outward trip to Misa
Mabel Lanyan of Portland, whom he met
on the drcks of the vessel after she had
left her Seattle docks last month. Mlsa
Lanyan was a passenger en route to th»
Orient. It was a case of love, at first
sight and word reached here to-day that
the couple were married before the vessel
left Shanghai. But the rules ot tho com
pany prohibit an officer of any boat own ifif
by the Great Northern Steamship Com-^
pany taking his wife aboard ship during
a voyage on the ground that it Interferes
with discipline. Therefore Captain Rinder
put the order Into effect concerning Mrs.
Keyes and after a few hours of wedded
life the first officer was forced to bid his
wife good-by.
The name "calomel" means "beautiful
black" and was originally given, to black
sulphuret of mercury. As calomel Is a
white powder, the nam* to merely a Jocu
lar misnomer now.ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOMACH
BOOJ^ FREE
HOW TO CURE DYSPEPSIA
The best book ever written on Dys-
pepsia and how to cure it is being given
away absolutely free of charge by its
author. Health Specialist Sproule. the
greatest authority of the age on the
- treatment and
s cure of stomach
f*r^- "__ -, troubles.
f 'f-rr^^rr ' The book con-
\u25a0 \Tsrg3l X^* mm *^ tains informa-
jiß^l t ••\u25a0 • tlon that ™ m be
'!«C^a OS«4*2!SES3 ° { wonderful
v**^^ j value to all vic-
r ?KM — ' " tims of Dyspep-
.'\u25a0\u25a0W^l grSGILB eia. It was writ-
('' 'flft'jtin r "i ten to help suf-
I ;]{lkSU|| : ferers from this
. .Wisai^ , c -2 trouble back to
r-|ui^^^^^SS Perfect health,
f -L^r:^ ' md ll explains
\u25a0"^^— — ;—"; — " all about the
cause, dangers
and cure of this annoying and painful
failment. It shows how Dyspepsia
comes on; how surely and dangerously
it weakens every part of the system,
and how to overcome it by the new
and successful method that cures even
the nioFt obstinate cases of Dyspepsia
thoroughly and permanently. Fine
drawings by the best artists Illustrate
its pages.
If you want to get rid. of your Dys-
pepsia send for this book and find out
what to do. Dyspepsia can be entirely
cored and this book explains how. It's
in sreat demand, so ask for it to-day.
Write your name and address plainly on
the dotted lines, cut out the Free Cou-
pon and mail it 'to, Health Specialist
SPnon.K. Itts TrniW Building. Boston."
FREE DYSPEPSIA BOOK COUPON
NAME ,
ADDRESS
We Gare Men forsre.s 0
rtefcrcnee Is
c NOT A ° OLUR
K.g. v§ NEED BE PAID
riL^'iP till cureo
We cure Skin Diseases. Blood poison.
Varlcocele, Stricture. Nervous Decline.
IVcaknesM. IMles. Fistula and Diseases
of the Kldne>*. Bladder and Prostate.
Sp«flal Dlaeasen— Xewly - contracted
end chronic cases cured. Alt burnlr.e. ttchlnc
and Icflimmttlon Flopped in twerty-lour hours;
cures eSected jr. «even da.ya.
TTe nvak« no chanre for a friendly talk or
«?omesj>on<lence. Come to us in the strictest
confidence. T\> hay« been exclusively treat-
ing special diseases of mtn for years. Nothing
science can devia* or money can buy is lack-
Ing In our office ecufDment. We will use you
honestly, treat you sk'.lllully and restore ycu
to health la the shortest time with the least
<!lsco7r.fort and expense.
If you cannot call, vrrite for symptom
blanks.
DR. HOLSMaN & CO.
Hours: 6 to S, 7 to «:iO p. m. dally; -Sunday.
9 to 12.
729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor!. S. F.
TT'h • Special $30
In order to more rabidly introduce
pur improved methods of curing: Rap-
ture without the use of knife or pain
or delay from work, we are making
this unprecedented offer:
Ist. We will leave
'NTKBCW all moneys in the
)p- \fOUK BANK until you are
>=rs>^Cawi¥ - d - We will K"^ 1 "-
(Zz~!/ ft antee a perfect cure
\^*. fi.*M in f rom four to eight
IY/TA 8d - You w5ll not be
\ f i gr\ prevented from
(| 3 f'J/\ working, but owinjf
if. f i \\\r\ to the fact that we
ran treat you oftener we can euro you
in two weeks if you are prepared to
remain <juiet.
Kor the ccn\eniecce of many we will accept
uwkly r>aym<=nte. Now is th» time to give us
a tr:ai and be cured. We have cured thou-
far.ds: we can cure you.
Recent testimonials: EMMIT BAKKR. OW
\u25a0MsHiet rtr<><n: FAM PLATT, 1 Grant avenue:
B. K. LEACH. SSft Suttor street. Call or write
guarltee rupture cure
906 Market St» Cor. Kills.
Ci. ii EYE FITrIHG
•«!w Should not be ?uess
S* TTrfi w <> r k. Established
\^"f\ *$i/ 3 6 b6. Nineteen years
W &7 experience.
V\ \sf See the point.
/% Artificial Eyes and
.. Ilearlne Apparatus.
0 OPTICiAN.
JCS MONTGOMERY ST.
KEAR SUITER OPR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
'^^a^^f ii.^ ~T|^j| SIO, Sis, $20
lii^ggT^H Scctmd Hand
Ai/L WM\ Ysa Know? wten
tsrar l^ m^4 me Dolls swinz 12
rHom^fi- m home
SEWiMC MACHISE CO,
1051 Market St.
JL^i*^^ DR. HAUL'S REINVIGORATOR
£2ES B^ stops all I'ifM-f and unnatural 41i-
h '\: charges In 24 hours." You feel an
'V-j"l r>/jj Improvement from the first dose.
W rTf We have bo tnucn confidence In our
iiM jjrfel treatment that we offer Five Hun-
ra« SgBy <*rc-d reward for any case we can-
\u25a0 \u25a0*'™ * f "** net cure. This secret remedy curea
lost power, nightly esnieslone, wafted organs,
varico<-*>. gleet, Btrictures. kidneys, failing
. memory, drains In the urine, gonorrhea, dis-
ease of the prostate glands and all other terri-
tle effects of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
en to consumption and deatn. Positively cures
th* woret cases in old or young of fciat morti-
fying condition, quickness of discharge, and
wanting to do, tnd you can't. Sent sealed. $2
j<er bottle; 3 bottles. $5. Guaranteed cure ear
case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 553 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
Also for enle at 1073% Market st., S. F. Send
for free book.
j*4&!l^&2ff MENAHDWOMEII.
C»e Btg G for BBCitcral
£??££/ } s ikt 6*i*&>£ <JlicU«.reci,iDSu.iiniitient >
f'XJ*l OutukU h Irritationr or alceraliona
«Ss>Sr sMtanrtetara. of mncoui Djcmbrun**.
g* riimti taH*«. - Pain.M*. and not attrUr
{J'Ta'^THtEur.sCnOCltAlCa. rent or polnonocf.
J*vfi3hw^ _^s*m *>7 expr** prepaid, to*
B ctrzaltt MBt«« naowt,
DDTTCLI 1? O FOR BARBERa BAK-
oKLJ^rIIIO «*\u25a0• bootblacks, bath-
JJUUUIiiJW houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
<Syerc. flour tnilla. foundri«. lauadrle*. paper-
hangers, printers, painter*, shoe factories, sta-
tun.e:,. tar-rocfem. tannerm. taUers. etc
BUCIIAWAA' BROS-
Brush Manufacturrr*. CO9 Sacramento St
LONDON'S LORD
MAYOR -ELECT
IS A BACHELOR
LORD MAYOR-ELECT OF LONDON.
WHO WILL BE INSTALLED IN
MONTH OF NOVEMBER.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— With that prodig
ious gravity which characterizes the per
formance of all their official functions,
London's City Aldermen have once more I
gone through the annual farcical cere- !
mony of "electing" a Lord Mayor. As I
everybody knew would be the case, their
choice has fallen on Walter Vaughan
Morgan, the senior sheriff of the city
corporation. Time was, some centuries
ago, when the citizens of London really
elected their Lord Mayor, but lons since
the Aldermen succeeded in getting things
fixed so that each one of them in turn,
provided he lived long enough, would at
tain to the exalted office of the Civic
Chief Magistrate. And thus it comrs
about that at seventy-four years of age
Walter Vaughan Morgan has had that
dignity thrust upon him. He will be in
stalled on November 9.
For the year that he nils the ofllce he
will reside at the Mansion House. His
chief duties will consist in eating a great
number of official luncheons and dinners,
wearing gorgeous garments, and going
through funny ceremonies with prodigi
ous solemnity. For this he will be paid
a salary of tfiO.OJO. but It" will cost him
at least twice that sum to maintain the
Mansion House traditions of hospitality.
He has. huwever. the consolatipn ol
knowing that during his tenure of- office
he is sure to be knighted and will be
known as Sir Walter for the rest of his
days.
Like all the city fathers. Alderman Mor
gan is a prominent business man. With
five of his brothers he founded the firm
of Morgan Brothers, merchants and
newspaper proprietors, and the Morgan
Crucible Company in 18o«3, resigning for
that purpose the chief oashlership of the
National Provincial Bank's Manchester
branch, in whose service he had be^n for
' ten years. These firms' steady prosperity
has placed Walter Morgan In such com
fortable circumstances that he will hardly .
! be pinched by the heavy demands on his
own private purse, which the office of
Lord Mayor entails. The two firms
stand to-day as they did nearly 50 years
ago, except- that death has reduced the
number of partners from six to three.
Unless Mr. Morgan marries within the
next few weeks, he will be the first
bachelor Lord Mayor in many years.
Pleasant though his blessedness ,
may have been, he must now be wonder
ing* how the traditions of Mansion House
entertaining are to be kept up without
a wife or even a daughter to share the
responsibilities. In the many functions j
which each Lord Mayor is expected to
give hte Lady Mayoress is an important
feature, and unless some lady relative
comes to his rescue, the aged official is
likely to find his social duties rather
heavy.
Besides already holding the ancient of
fice of his Majesty's Lieutenant for the
City, the Lord Mayor-elect is treasurer
of Christ's Hospital, and a Freemason
of many years standing, being a past
grand treasurer of the Grand Lodge
of England.
LIFE TERM IS SENTENCE
OF AS UNXATKRAIi FATHER
Reddlns Wood Dealer, Court Decrees,
Must Spend Rent of Him Day*
at Folftom. •
REDDIN'd, Oct. 14. — Henry C. Miller,
a prominent wood merchant ' of the
East Side, was to-day sentenced to life
imprisonment at Folsom for a serious
crime. His daughter was the complain
ant.
Dalry Company I* Formed.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 14. — Articles of
incorporation of the B. Tomasini Com
pany were filed here to-day. The prJn-
j^reik gs w\ ra <* Every mother feels a ,
JL«I^ of her life. Becoming
d mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and^
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery/
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
eeverest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and 'other distressing, conditions are
overcome, the system is made "ready for tlie coming event, and the
eeriouß accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," t|fjlly|jila*i
tays many who have used it. $1.00 per lfM\F«ll^'*l \P
bottle at drug stores. Book^ containing -- \
valuable information of interest 'to all women, will BCr\B A sTft /ft
be sent to any address free upon application to tiSTU S^llfjij
BRADHELD REGULATOR GO.* Atlanta* Qa. H \u25a0 IVlffl^fl
\u25a0-::\u25a0-
THE SAN FR ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1905.
This is a special we are proud of, J M#lCf ff%mnli>t&* \u25a0fifill&ffinn A? TflP^P ifOnOS -!' makes' espVcial?* adapted 0 for
because it ' positively - cannot be!; -". iff Vbl VUII CLIII/II VI lIIWC VVVUJ . - ,; figurcs> They assist materially in
equaled anywhere, and we wouldn t ( ;. i^ V -L , . ** . -— • \u25a0 "** w . '.. \< ' reducing the size of the hips and
. have it either if it vvere not for cer-, ; FuAV %*\ Vkf£>i\ ilft 'Vn^/'ial SafP >• abdomen, and give the tapering
tain exclusive buying advantages.],; . LvCl rifltvU kJCii^U !; wa ist. We carry the low, medium
Curtains, S 4 inches wide and |% |i \\ \ s not often that somucti attention is devoted to details in the preparation of a sale as we \: o " ,, o h n f h^ st onTstyie h TmadeTf
have given to this most important event. There will be found flannels to suit every taste : heavy coutii. with garters both on
S^lg^Si<f#ci! and not any purpose to rwhich these remarkably serviceable goods may be placed. The: SdS «cci?- 'SS^Ttabl^wiSS? 23
at, a pair...... ......... ipi.*/*/| ; p f / ces willprove so startlingly surprising that we look for crowded aisles in this splendid: black; sizes, 19 to 30. C-f QQ
~r —j— — — |: department to-morrow. So confident are we of a big response that we have doubled our ! E * ch --' • ; ; •_;•_•_ •;;;;;• • l _
Ghootc C*vt>rx\\\i force of salespeople. The items enumerated below constitute buta small portion of the \\ TTI J iV""'"^"
1 1 j • i; magnificent values to be had.- ij Women S Linen
Underpnced i| Good Tennis Flannel 5c Yard* Heavy German Eiderdown 10c Yard :| Handkerchiefs
Zc^S\J^ T^^ V'dS'-.SSSSSSJ^SS .|SfflS i!^^ °lLn\ll°
round-thread 9-4 sheets of splendid,; and wh i ch i s so g OO d at the price that it should I-- jackets, etc.; this is a good, heavy quality and not to ,;, dozen women s all linen nem-
.. quality, not the light kind, which]' go out as fast, as the clerks can measure it; the rJC be compared with the thin, flimsy kind usu- <f i\ ' stitched Handkerchiefs. Soecial
usually sell at 69c. We do not]! neatest stripes in pink and. blue; a yard. ....... ally sold by other houses for 15c yard. Our. J \J^ , sale price, put up 6in a box C/)/»
claim that this is the lowest-priced;: toi/rt oi/ r fenni* Flannel fnrVr Yard * yard ...... ............ foj . j|/ t
sheet on the market, but we do say 1Z /2 C > enms riannei Towc naro floored Back Flannels We Yard : ™
it is the greatest value eVer CCi: ; 2000 pieces (the largest quantity of the kind ever pur- JO-inCn TieeCeQ OaCK nanneiS IVC Jdru 1^ ..
n flr- r-jr -j af iJDC'i chased at one time by any house on the Coast) of the 500 pieces of new fleeced back flannels, including some ,; Bww\r KfanvDTC Al MAI
oncrca at *^*^%», p _ heavy weight, shrunk tenni3 flannels, in solid colors pretty fall effects for ktfnonas: also a number of ]> LJUf LJlCHllxtZlj 111/w¥
• 1; of pink, light blue/white, cream; also, about 50. as- handsome striped patterns, with small dots 4/l_ 'I /
•~~~ ' ;, sorted patterns of checks, ; ,stripes, etc., In all f\ .f OT wa ists; come in all colors; regular 15c I l/r > /If unit don't need tuQIU HOW
_, . , ___ _ _ [.; latest shades; other stores soil if at 12% c the Wr value. .Sale .price, yard * wv ]; " /«« Ul/lf 1 uccu iwiii uun
Third Wppklv : yardt Our sale prlce> yard •• '••••"'\u25a0• •• „ \u25a0". \u0084, ,«« w i you will later, but it is more
£.„ ¥ ", C^ AI / :| WashableXream Cashmere 15c Yard -^Scotch Flannels 20c Yard + Ihan //fce/y you w/// nof gef
Silk Sale We have received another Bhipment of this popular ma- This popular^ ft ft . /W$
To-morrow we inaugurate the third Bs^^ 20C Sale 15 OVer.
special weekly silk sale, combined;; U^^^^^^olJ|^^^ J$C F -_.. c/annc/sc /annc/s or, y ard \, White Blanket^Full double bed size;
with extra offerings in Dress Goods.], p _ fl . . \u0084 „ f y . AU-WOOI trench NanneiS l?C Yard . nche3 wJde and gi inches Iong;
Those who have participated in . -Jl/.-lIICn HipacaS iVC jara These flanne is are guaranteed strictly all wool and 27 , have blae and nk borders; i 3i 3 a
these noteworthy events are sure to<! This material is 30 inches wide and comes In * f\ inches wide; colors are light blue, pmK. gray. OJT- ; h «_ vv «. n f t and w-irm blinkef eood
come atrain • \u25a0 cream.* navy, brown and black; worth regular-- 7 W black, navy, i-ed, wine, tan. green, etc. Extra £JQ , neavy. sott ana warm DianKet. Rooa .
, come a Kain. | •iy 25c a yard. Special sale price, yard *-^W , good value at. yard - ; value at $1.25 pair. Sale (LI /Jfl
Silks !;~ —n— —^. * , price, pair....
Black Taffeta— io inches wide- retr-'i '^B^JsiV W II \u25a0 \u25a0 * HS B '^w ! White Wool Blankets— A little cotton
p|§||g||g||^ . . (f^Fa// Skirts for Women » . l
'\u25a0 \u25a0 . TA z. I o j j« .1 i *^» ««..:„/„ .M. M I- s • ' ders;-full double bed size; regularly
Guaranteed Black Taffeta— 19 inches] '^Mj tieyonQ QUeSIIOH ttiese SKIn OlieUngS are V'lL ' sold at pair- Spe- CO QC
m ss e a ifp r rice 7 . 55 y ard. ya : d 59c |gg|||f«c|| The collection include* all of L^ra"^ "tadV ?S
Guaranteed Black Taffeta— 23 inches!; / f \\\\\s\ ffo newest and the most Strikingly hand- M Mi M jLVK 'i WoQl . Blankets— ?2xa* inches; a
wide; always sold at 85c a £Qf \ y J V \\\ \\ I V \(| /' ' / iT^sS^l ' little cotton mixed mto make them
yard. Sale price, yard. ..... U-^C j A> /f\ \\ V 1! jl. some materials at Wonderfully IOW prices. |^ j \JI r^J I more serviceable; have red blue and
Black Guaranteed Taffeta— 27 inches'! • V &\\ , /// \\| %LJ&£/ ' > pink borders; good value ffA X
wide; regularly sold at 85c £Q r L / JkUu LA , * V\rl^^^^ ! ; at $5> Sale price, pair.. 1 «/
a yard. . Sale price, yard U^CI; t^ o>yi&Q /^v^ "0 better /W^K ;! California and Oregon Blankets—
t> t» j r> 1 t 1 j' 1 IT U' t : t w X \ a\ t lV,'t?r<l*H in'- \to\n* ' Having purchased these blankets
Sk- rfJlrT^herr M# Iff t\\\ Values Were MM. Vfl "«*>«**' gr«at advance in wool
Pri^^d.-.^55C :»h. fW' \ \\e,er given]. M§ M I Mfl \ CSS^S^PS
Lining Silk— 19 inches wide; all col- ( ; BJ Hj li \u25a0Y\\ /\ \ \ \\ v , /}[[( //#, JLM I; \ Im\ ] bed size and strictly lamb's wool,
ors; good value at 58c yard. hCf^ **' fjl [ . : ;:,\ , \\ "A \\ , 'ftvUli'3 l ß*l\t ////// \l\i\ ! bought to sell at $7 the pair. Spe-
Sale price, yard. '^V; ' // jj |' \ ; A \\ Wwlll/a'Sh* ///'I Uuim : ' cial sale price, pair 5595
s^W* H5c \ #ff' l/LV4iw#iil 11% Beautiful White
iiigftilPi!i«lJ iff I WMrtmStt Viwl SalePrkes :
Wool Plaids— ln many styles and| I n>^^<i^-" •tl^^ 3^^'^ !] Charm-
colors; good value at 35c O^/"]l — \^ _Jr - , j ng / white
yard. Sale price, yard jC*/ £ different I Cut A represents a fan- Cut Dis a hard finished Cut Dis an excellent |l Hats for /^^l^fe-X
Homespun Suitings-Grays, brown plajn ( \u0084o lhs cy mixture skirt neat" novelty mixture in WZIn X £i?Pin*^ *{[ ° C %]
and wine; regular 25c a yard \u25a0JU/' slot seams, strapped, at ly tailored in latest blue, brown and gray; and b i ue: fln e pleats t, 10 " 5 WUI U^^^^SS^yMlwti
value.' Sale price, yard..... A'^l each seam at the bot- •/ tlare pattern. An ex- stylishly trimmed with fallins over the hips^in ;| De on spe- V^gWgg^^^fii&*^/
Novelty Suiting—ln a varied assort- torn and trimmed with Optional value, and ljuttons; pleated from Hrouhir ''Jtu-ct.^ Well !; to^mo'rmvv 6 '^M^S^Y
ment of styles and colors; 50 inches buttons; fulls in pleats one that should !>•• up- 1 knee down. A rare worth $10. Special sale ]! nonular X *®^'i >A
wide; good value at SI.OO and CQ * from knot-. Sale price predated, at \u0084,...,„. r . Lar^ain. price I; prices J /S@&&>
wide; regular $2.50 a yard tf4 hh:\ *tr ?* -• ** - v \u25a0 ° &JP _ .; arc bound
value. Sale price.. yard.. 4/ I»^*/;-^ U ; 1 ! -— ~^^^->^ -^ ;, to create"
Voile— ln gray, navy and brown mix-:; __^ «. - \u0084, -, VF* >fc •* E" S"S 1/ fcl CM /f ] ; the greatest of mterest. The early
t res; finches wide. Reduced from TO-om¥ UKIsCFRY MIIWS shopper, will, of course, secure the
hriar price $1 25 a yard, JQ | : • "I \J Ul* I **f \Jki\%f'^ LmS\ i iVbßrrh/ (best selection. Here are just a few
to e the special price of, yard. *" C | y e // so f spec j a Uy good things at prices that will appeal to the thrifty housekeeper. Our -| hc^m^^^^foS^m^M
: ; gr —;| Grocery Department has no equal on the Pacific Coast. Pure Food Demonstrations going : io^ n^ f jg^SSJ
Npw HfiSfPfV and i on constantly. Samples free. ;•!: |: failing to the back, a coov of
Underwear for F ;r: ;:,.:::;.;...„-,;;;, 27c HSiiiii & 2ic &mm^^&^^^W Felt »r ?at , and
1,1?.,^^,, :\u25a0: \u25a0 "y °h^ pound- iU WrlEhtlnstons. tin *\u25a0"• snmT „„„,„_ choice |. btnt into becom.ns stylt; .nscrt.on
WOmen »>»«*-» No- >; W-tOc *":»nl«» "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0""\u25a06sc''- and collar tffect of white apnliqae:
i h i-'t a s<" •• • ••\u25a0 >[ two white plumes ana sott white
Seasonable shipments of Women s \ • Fiavoplms uxtm<-t« — Vanilla, OO r old Globe Hourbon — Made inco XR ;, r ; D b on bows formine <r*fC /l/l
and Underwear have ar- no^L- i| ." $15.00
rived, and they will prove ot great- lTncolored Qolonj? Enplish sweet p."pc^ boffie. .. .. 10c fV^lng '04; ußedu Re d in wood; regular- ; : White Chenille B raid Kat— With
est interest. They are of good; \^^SS^^SSSi*-r^tiSi nsv r. salt-3 packages. . or. M gallon. Sale price. ..53^5 / shirred e dge and collar of silk, white
finish and splendid wearing quality.,; 60c ,b., b . Sale price 4m- lbi^jQ '.::....... "C • -^ • orMnii Nu-C? fQ ; wings and ribbon form CJ C/)
Every piece popularly priced: . or .libs."*' i^KImCH niuo Flap (bottled in <r!ne— Dozen J*.IV,; trimminj ,. Prp r j ce J)I.JU
Straight Rib Fine Sea Island Hose_ ; : » S - s^u^-Voo^ size 85( . bond^^iun.k Pure g7( . !;White Plush Hat-High back effect;
Double toe and sole and high '^^~~S ~. ! ,^>~^~^^~^>~~-»~~.>~~~~s~. ;. heavily trimmed in wings: rib-
spliced heel: color guaranteed . ; bon and steel ornaments. CC f\t\
Hermsdorf black; regular price 25c pair. Sale -J Q f A y&< J NEW BARGAINS Prsce *J*/.1/l/
price, pair • • *uc $& '\a. j&J^ j&& ;i Misses* White Hats— Soft felts; with
Heavy Fleeced Cotton Union Suits— ln the "El Real" make; % &&&%&, f^W *ti^m™*W%S PI/FPV 0/3 YIN HUP p" Sh ba " dS ° f $ilk Sf 50
cut high neck, long sleeve and ankle length; colors JC f M W M^ EVERY DAY IN UUK , Price ..... 4> l.*W
cray or cream; worth $1.00 a suit. Sale price. ... I */V TM — & 1^ A* JH || f ffl Z^fP- \u25a0' /Tnmmed Hat Sf -ioo differ-- ffT TA
Fine Ribbed "^,5^ V X«"2^ri!rk rte «? r n"f WfW- * \u25a0 r* SC, WC and 15C cSLST m.> NaooieolJvVi.h
mid covered seams: colors wnite, cream, udiK vi fylaf it $6. <™sKP^ 7 1 m n \u25a0 ** <m *.*i
HghtT-y; «0r... 65c. S.I, price, .armcnl WC f| V A|mY J KEUABLB • ij P °™°". "^J:™ $1 .69
Winter Wtieht Black Cotton Vests— Trimmed around neck \W7 ,#., # . nß r»<«^ W^n,S/jfH> CSTfIT \OIUKC < White Sailors *1.50
lo^itef no^ SiE'^Sh-^'su. JSSI 65c [^ MARKET^ etONf® <S%s,\ (Foorth r) j We Trim Hats Free.
cipal place of business Is at Point Reyes,
and the company will engage in the farm
ingr dairying and wine-making busi
ness. Batista Tomasini \has taken
J39 ''00 worth of stock and four other
members of the family $200 worth
each.
FE iR OK BECOMING INSAJVE
DUIVES I'KIXTER TO SUICIDE
Foreman of Holllsiler Newspaper Of
fice Takes His Life With
- v Klflc.
HOLLISTER, Cal.,- Oct. 14.— Juan Hi
guera, foreman of the Free Lance of
fice, committed suicide this morning by
shooting himself in the mouth with. a
rifle. His body was found lying be
hind a press^ by his fellow-employes
when they came to work. He had been
a sufferer from insomnia for some time
and was in constant dread of losing his
reason. The fear of going -insane, it is
thought, prayed an his mind until it
became unbearable. •
OBTAIN A CLEW
TO HIGHWAYMAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Oct. 14. — The thrilling
experience of a logger employed on the
Pit River has led very probably to the
discovery of a clew by which it is be
lieved, the highwaymkn who shot Mes
senger Haskell may' be apprehended.
Last Thursday, four days before the at
tempted hold-up, a logger employed in
a drive on the Pit River was caught
between two heavy cants and held be
neath the surface of the water f and
nearly drowned. His foot was seriously
injured, and on FrMay he came to Red
ding and went to Dr. Bryant for treat
ment. . . • .
The foot ' was dressed and the stran
ger related his terrible experience, but
refused to give his name.: He reap
peared at. the doctor's office Saturday
and Sunday for treatment. Sunday he
was perceptibly anxious , to get away,
notwithstanding the serious condition
he was in. He told the doctor to dress
his foot in such a, way. that he could do
a great deal of walking, as he expected
to.be absent about two days. He said
he would have to walk, , but would . not
say where. "•'
Tuesday afternoon, the day after: the
robbery, he appeared at_the doctor's of
fice, pale and nervous, his fOQt horrribly
swollen" f rom \u25a0 long ; walking. He asked
anxiously to see the local papers. .He
had his foot attended to and said he
would be back next day. He j has ; riot
been seen since. * f ;
The morning of the robbery a man
answering his description and walking
with a cane was seen near Bear "Valley.
The officers that received this informa
tion to-day are now; endeavoring to find
this man. Detective - Thacker gis ( still
guarding a Bear - Valley * farmhouse.
FERRY PLANNED
BY NEW ROAD
NAP A, Oct." 14 — Another railroad is
to be built to Lake County, through
Marin, Napa and Sonoma counties. The
new road is planned by Clear Lake and
the Southern Railroad Company. The
new company has a large party of sur
veyors, in the field at present above St.
Helena and will commence grading for
the road in a short time. The company
will operate; a ferry between the San
Francisco and Marin County shores and
to connect with a line through Sonoma
and , Napa" counties up through Conn,
Chiles and Pope valleys to Butte
Canyon and on to LakepOrt. It will
be an electric railroad and will greatly
reduce the present time of transit.
There, will also be branch lines from
Point, San Quentin to San Rafael, in
Marin, County, and from Reclamation to
Petaluma. .
This afternoon condemnation suits
were , filed against -\u25a0 eleven owners of
property in Napa County who have re
fused rights, of .way through their
lands for the : railroad. :'.: '. \
SHASTA COUNTY TUADB BOARD
IS PEBMANEXTLY ORGANIZED
Body Will Raise • Funds to Entertain
Veterans And Work to > Carry
Bond. Election.
REDDING, \u25a0.".;\u25a0 Oct." -14.— The . Shasta
County Board "of % Trade .was ; perma:
nently. organized last' night by the elec
tion of C. C. Bush Jr., president; A. C.
Halter, V- first vice , \u25a0 president; . McCoy
Fitzgerald, second vice president; W.
C. - Coyne,\secretary, ; and Allan ,W. Et
ter, ?\u25a0 treasurer. "i v The ' board is incor
porated under the ; laws of me State of
California and has twenty-five direct-
ors, five of whom are County Super
visors. Among the first moves the
board will make will be. the aidipg of
the Grand Army in raising funds for
entertaining the Grand Encampment in
NINTh AND MARKET STREETS
Continued Sale of Carpet Remnants
* Regular Prices Reduced More Than Halt
Many appreciative purchasers availed themselves of last week's
Remnant offerings. This week (the last week of thf.3 Remnant
Sale) we offer, a choice lot of Carpet Short Lengths at the fol-
lowing unusually low prices: ; * ' r . '~^
Plain Wilton Velvets, in sufficient quantities to carpet a fair
... sized room; regularly $2.25 a yard; now offered at.. 91 a yard ,
Lowell and isisjclovr Hotly Brasfiel*. In sufficient quantities to'
carpet a fair sized room; regularly $1.85 a yard; now
offered at 91 a yard
Tbree-Plys and Plain Inerrninw, in sufficient quantities to carpet
a fair sized room; regularly $1 a* yard; now offered at <
sOc a yard
Tnpestry Body BrnaaelM, Wilton and Axiulnstrr Remnant*. 1 to
PlO yards in length.... 50c a yard
Plnln Color Axminater Remnants, 1 to 10 yards in length, all
colors; regularly $2.25 a yard; now offered at.... -sOc a yard
Note* The above Carpets with novelty D-inch Borders, regu-
larly $1.25 a yard, and novr 50c a yard, make up into excel-
lent Rugs and Runners.
WHton and Axmlnster Border Samples, about 4% feet In
length; regularly $2 to $5 a yard; now offered at.. ..75c each
75 Imported Wilton and Axmlnster Hug* (3 by/ 6 feet), regu-
larly sold for $10 to $20; now offered at 95
25 Aneofa Goat Skin Rni» (all sizes), regularly sold for $3 to
$15; now, offered at. ...50c to 93
ESTABLISHED IN SAX FRANCISCO ISSO.
this city next May and the carrying of
the coming election to bond ' the city
for $145,000 for street and sewer im
provements and the erection of a city
halL
3132
Every One of These Fifty Beautiful Residence Lots Will Positively Be Sold at, Your Price, Without Reserve
AUCTION WILL TAKE PLACE AT OUR This will be the greatest auction sale of the year— it is your ppportunityltp; ma^O^?W;^S rrjgifl jT> _^ &^
SALESROOM, 1 16 MONTGOMERY STREET, money— or secure a residence site. Take -Ellis-street car (Park and Ocean line) to Sixth :\j g\Q =f^ iT-LO Wd^ O
at 12 o'clock, noon, next Thursday, Oct. 19ih avenue—see the land at once— be ready by next Thursday. You will find the lots ' •
Kf% I ATC CF*!BIM?T > C pleasantly situated^on a gentle slope, rising from the world-famous Golden -Gate Park, g
DU ILxS 15 51 fiCitfUf I O which it is. only one block distant, and with just enough elevation to giVe excellent . Bglgl\CB il\ 1, 2, 3 fllld 4 YeaTS
.„„ \u25a0 - . - views of the Park, Ocean, Golden Gate, etc.
racing on C^rsd^o T ' ;
-^*a <u>t^\a In^the most rapidly improving Residence Section of the city — 23 new houses now being con- ~n j/f*"^ 9 ©
I &t,VQQiL> SsWfirSSl structed within a very small radius — and every one of them of superior character. M m i?^S% £F§\ £Fs*
_ As a residence section it is not excelled— as an investment it is unequaled. The proximity of M C«^^!r§ itjlliL -'IIK teaL
J Streets BltUflliniZed Golden Gate Park alone insures its future.' The Western Addition is already built up to this block.. It ms& J m & %w3m& S& &*&&"&+ ffj&
will be soloV for much less than Western Addition prices next Thursday. It "will very shortly, however, "v\^ ,
3 til i^. VBflUe StOIVP be or . tn as mucn or more — }t is ri g nt in 'the line of the city's development. It- stands in the gateway ;
w<& vi^JtC TTUiSU connecting^^ the entire: section south of the Park (now rapidly improving) with the Western Addition. "f < _'-_^ %Jtt • 4%.
j6th Avenue Water, GaS See the Lots at Once. Be Ready Next, Thursday, Oct. 19, 1905, at, Noon | 116 MOlltgOlliery ot.
LOCAL REALTY SALES IN SIX DAYS TOTAL
MORE THAN THREE MILLIOK DOLLARS.
Deals Numerous in
AH Sections of
South of Market a
Very Active
Field
; . — t
All records for local realty sales dur
ir.£ a week have been, broken by the
tiansactions that have taken place in
this city since last .Sunday. The sales
piaced upon record " number 222. The
amount of money that is represented by
the transactions of the p&st six days
is conservatively estimated at $3,230,000.
Only one sale exceeded 5300,009. There are
rereral in the six figures.
The building contracts for .the week
just closed represent expenditures that
will total about $300,000. The leading con
tract to build provides for the * erection
o' the' new Jewish synagogue to stand
on the south line of Geary street, be
tween Fffimore and Steiner streets, to
WORTH
\ TOTME
\ \I ON ? WHO
\\ MAKES THE
f i ,jfY£ MOST WORDS
*» ' iff FROM THIS
BYROX MAUZY PI.VXOSI
ARE THE BEST - j
A $200.00 Certificate to each of the next
Five.
A $100.00 Certiacate to each of the next
Ten.
A $50.00 Certificate to each of the next
Twenty.
A $25.00 Certificate to each of the next
Forty. :-"<-.-
These Certificate* can be applied on the
purchase of any piano — one Certificate to
one piano only. There is no obligation of
any kind on any cne entering this contest
of eklll tv buy anythine. Contest closes
November 15th. 1005.
Th* Byron Mauzy Pianos won. the Gold
M'ials at St. LouU and Portland — the
highest honor riven at either exposition —
in competition with the b&st pianos of the
world. A
Address or Call for Full Particulars
Byron Mauzy Warerooms
3OS-310-312 Pont Street
or at IOSt Market Street
SAX ntA.VCI.SCO.
| cost for construction something* more
I than $61,000.
The Aronson Realty Company reports
that its sai<..-. during the past week have
amounted to $1.000.00 Q. The most import-
I' ant transaction of a series was the sale
cf the north coiner of Third and Jessie
Streets. 70xi3, with new brick building,
j under lease for ten years at $21,111, for
| A. Aronson lor $i 25,000. .. .
I Another large sale by the same com
pany involved the transfer of west cor
ner of Third and Natoma streets, 80x150
feet, with old improvements, for the
Starr Estate Company to Isador Schwartz
for $240,000. The new owner will imme
diately erect an S-story building to con
tain 400 rooms and four stores. Through
the same agency Abe Ilarshall has sold
the north corner of Third street and
Sherwood place, 25x77:6 feet, with new
7-story brick building leassd to the Met
ropolitan Company for ten years at $650
a month, for iISS.O'OO.
The Aronson Realty Company also re
ports the sale of £5x137:6 feet on the north
line of O'Farrell street. 165 feet west of
Mason street, with newly completed 7
story building that is leased for ten years
for a total rental of $138,000. The selling
price was $200,000. The seller is the Ccn
! tral Realty Company. Still another large
sale by the Aronson Realty Company is
that of the Imperial apartment house on
j the 'south line of Sutter street, 137:6 feet
west of Jones street, 68:9x137:6 feet, for
$100,000.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. report that
the sale of the property belonging to the
estate of William H. Howard, deceased,
j was confirmed the past week to Mrs.
Shotwcll, in the Superior Court of San
Mateo .County by Judge Buck. This is
one of the kirge sales of the month and
marks another high water mark for San
some street north of California, as far
as the pride of $260,000 is concerned. The
location is northeast corner Sansome and
j Commercial streets, 119"£xllO feet, extend
ing north to Clay street.
i Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have also
sold for E. T. Osborn the three-story I
brick building on Montgomery street, '
west line. 50 feet north of Commercial
street, 29:6xC0 feet for $50,000.
•Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the
property belonging to F. -W. Van Sick
len and W. E. Davis on the southwest
side of East street, 229:2 southeast of
Market street. 45:10x137:6 to Steuart street;
with three-story brick building. F. K.
Houston and Louis Friedlander were the
' purchasers. v
They have also cold the property on the
west side of Jones street, 137:6 feet north
of McAllister, adjoining the Hibernla
Bank, north 47:64x100 feet, for Virginia
Vanderbilt to the Hlbernia Savings &
Loan Society, for $52,500.
OTHER LARGE DEALS.
Speck & Co. have purchased for A.
V. Clark from the Keystone Invest
ment Company 30x125 and L of 50x20
running through to Natoma street, on
the southwest line of Third street, SO
feet north from. Howard street, with
old improvements, for $80,000. The
new owner intends to erect a seven-
Btory modern building, with hotel of
120 rooms and store below.
W. D. Brown & Co. have sold ' the
south corner of Fifth and Folsom'
streets, having a frontage of 90 feet" on
Fifth street and 75. feet on Folsom
street, for the Improved Real Estate
Company, to Harry J. «Hart for $65,000.
Chatfleld & Vlnzeiit^. have sold the
James de la Montanya property on Ihe'
north line of Clay street, 117 feet west
, THE SAN FRANCISCO' GAM:;- SUNDAY; OCTOBER 15 1905.
of East street, 100:7 feet on Clay street,
running through to Merchant street,
for, $140,000. . The buyer is James W.
Henderson of Humboldt County.
L. Scatena has bought the northwest
coiner of Sansome. and Clay streets,
73x91:8 feet, with five-story building,
for the reported price of $150,000 from
1 R. R. Thompson.
I Cranston, Belvel & Dwyer, formerly
I known as the William Cranston Com-
I pany, report the sale of the southeast
corner of Sixth and Tehama streets
from the Holmes Investment Company
to Dr. Underwood G. Hall for $98,000.
They have also sold for John and Peter
Tamony the northeast corner of Ninth
and \u25a0 Natoma streets. for about $60,000
to John E. Green.
Other sales reported by the same
j brokers Include the following: From
I Epes Ellery to the M. Fisher Company,
j 99:6x80 feet on the northwest line of
I Folsom street, 375 feet east of Fourth
! street, for $35,000; for .H. O. Trow
bridge to Frank -Griffin, 25x160 feet on
I the northwest line of .Howard street,
(223 feef of East street, which, with
another purchase, gives ' Griffin SQxSS
feet on Howard street, with 25x75 run
ning through to Natoma street, the 'ag
gregate price being about $2S,000; for
H. O. Trowbridge to Nels Laisen, 50x70
feet on the northwest line of Howard
street, 200 feet east, of Fourth street.
$26,000; for Louis Bartlett and- B. H.
Nelson to'Mhe M. Fisher Company.
73x80 feet on the northwest line of
Folsom street, 375 feet east of Fourth,
for $26,500; to the M. Fisher Company,
I 25x80 feet on \u25a0 the west line of Third
I street, 150 feet south of Folsom street,
|to secure a frontage for the Fisher
Company's holding in the rear in Ritch
street, for $25,500. \u25a0 \u25a0
The . same brokers . have . purchased
from Mark Cellar, rM. Bernstein and
Eliza Fruger, three separate . holdings;
which together give "the .company "75
feet frontape on Folsom street, -' from
Ritch to Elizabeth street and running ;
back wittt uniform depth of 75 feet. In
ttiis transaction- Madison & fiurlte rep
resented JEliza Fru&er. '\u25a0 • \u25a0'.';
Percy B. Travera . has bought for a
client the northeast corner of Broad
way and Powell street and the north
west corner of Broadway and Church
avenue for $60,000.
GEARY-STREET CORNER.
' A. J. Rich & Co. report the following
sales: D. de Croze to Eugene Korn,
southwest^ corner of Geary and Scott
streets, 55x100, with five store and flats
above, bringing in' fine \u25a0 revenue, 'for
$24,000; from the M. Fisher Company
to Mr. Cook, southwest corner of Fifth
and Tehama streets. .55 feet on Fifth
street by 75 feet on Tehama street' for
$35,000; A. Smith to Mr. Mauch. half of
block of land -south of -Park, having a
frontage of 240 feet; on R street, 300
feet on Fortieth , avenue j and 300 feet
on Forty-first avenue, for $6000; resi
dence on the, north line of ; California
street .east from Baker, with lot 32x77
feet, for " Mrs. Atkins " to ' Mr. Knop
m'acher, for $13,500; - Mr. Cook .to J.
Rosenfeld's Sons, lot,2BxSo feet andim
provements, on the west^Hnei of Fourth
street, 'near Mission, business '\u25a0 property,
for $42,500. . \u0084 \u0084 V , "
" Sales affected ;by Shainwald, . Buckbec
& Co.. include the following:, / For C.S.
Laumeister, northeast:/ I corner \Twelfth
street, 217 feet southeast- \u25a0: of Mission,
70:11 1 / {xlss feet, for $20,000; for, Metropolitan
Laundry.Compariy, southeast corner^ Bry
ant ant? Morris or ' Park avenue, 75x75
feet, for $20,000; for , Mrs." Jennie -D. Beach,
northwest 'corner Taylor and Washing
ton streets, :60x92:3^2 feet;", in the swell
Xob Hill Taylor street district, close* to
the Tevis, Haggin and Head- mansion's,
for $16,500; for Wieland et al, lot and
residence, west line.' of. Franklin street,
50 feet north of Washington street, 34:4Vix
137:6 feet, for- $14,000: for M. S. Lowen
thal, lot and 1 residence, north, line of
Washington street, 130:6- feet, west of
Buchanan street, 25:3x127:0 feet, for $l"i,
300; for estate of Irving M. Scott, south
line of Broadway. 157:6 feet west of De
vlsadero street, "43:9xlsl':7"l-8 feet, for $11,-
Sl2: for John C. Brlcknell, east line of
I^arkin street, 50:6 feet south of Sacra
mento street, 31xl<W feet, for $10,750; for
Mrs. Julia J. Mezes. lot and improve
ments, northwest line of Folsom street,
SCO feet northeast of Seventh .street, 25xS0
feet for $9730: for H. 1... Samson, lot and
residence, east Mine Maple "street. 102:5".a
feet south of Clay street, 25x112:6 feet,
for $7500; for John Daniel et al, lot and
improvements, west line of : Po'k street,
100 feet north of Pacific,- 27:ii>ixl23:G feet,
for $6125; for Mrs. Mary F. de Remer,
west line Potrero avenue, 300 feet south
of Twenty-second street, 25x100 feet, for
$1150. .- . ' '\u25a0 "I / \u25a0-:
\u25a0\u25a0 Minor sales- are reported: by Cranston,
Belvel & Dwyer as follows:' For Regina
Stern to l^oulse Bartlett. 939>» to 931 Fol
scm • street, for $10,000; : C. 1 Staib to Louis
Bartlett, 25x80 feet on "the north line of
Fplsom street. 350, feet west of Fifth, for
$7500: M. Fisher .' Company to a client,
six fiats in course of construction on the
north side of Sixteenth street, 130 feet
west 'of Guerrero.* for $12,250: ' A- Robert
to Bertha Harenburg," 25x75; and four flats
at 167 Shipley street,, for $3SOO;S. J. Cook
to Thomas Vodden, 25x100,. north, line of
Waller street, 75 feet east, of .Belvedere,
for $2625; Hugh O'Neil to David Shean,
30x100, with two \u25a0 flats, .southwest corner
of Tv/enty-fifth ..'avenue'" ;!and- Clement
street, for $2600; B. Harenburg to Henry
Mayer, east side of ! Xihth avenue, 300
feet south of H street 25x120, for $1850;
H. Grady to* Frank; H.de Guerre, 25x
80 with improvements ;on the. east side of
Prosper street, 128 feet' south of Six
teenth, for $1600; Dr. Stuttmeister to a
client, lot on .the. west" side of Ninth
avenue, 125 feet i north of • C street, * lor
$1075: in the Sunset district for Thomas
Dunning, northeast : corner .of Fortieth
avenue and W street; 57x100. for $450;
southwest corner of Thirty-ninth avenue
and V street, 107:6x100, for $750:. f0r E. C.
Hammond,, southwest : corner ' of | Thirty
fourth . avenue '. and ! S . street,' 240x100. to
gether with 25-120, ; ori i' the Vwest line, of
Thirtieth avenue, 175 feet \ south fof U
street, for $2000; to Bridget ;'. Dougherty*
northwest corner of Thirty-fourth ave
nue and S street, 240x100, for $2000; three
lots on the south. jiside of S 'street. 32:6
feet east of Thirty-fourth avenue, , 75x100,
together with 33x120 feet on the .east side
of. Thirty-fourth ; avenue, 225 feet" south
of S street, and 50x120 on' the west aide
THE WHOLESOME
Baking Powder
Best of the High Grade Powders.
of Thirty-eighth avenue, 150 feet north
of V street, for. $1115: ' • "
Thomas Magoe & Sons - report the
following minor sales: For H. B. Rath
bone to S. W. W T aterhous, south line^of
Pacific avenue, 11S:9 feet .west of Pre
sidio avenue, 30x127^8 H feet, for $6000;
for P. J. Laflln et al. to S. Ducas; north
west corner. of Fifth avenue .- and L
street, 200x100 feet, for $2,500: to the
Ocean Shore Railway Company, right
of way over the Payson tract. Includ
ing 2395 acres, for $2395; for Donzel
Stoney to Susanna Tegen, lot and
buildings on the west line of Fillmore
street, 24 feet north of Filbert. 24x100
feet, for $1600; to the Southern Pacific
Company, right of way through tide
land lots 15 and IG. in Contra Costa
County, for $500. j
ACTIYITV IX SUBURBS. i
Lyon & Hoag report that they have
sold 225 lots out of a total oor 273f -r 273 in- j
eluded in a subdivision of 61. acres in
Burlingame Park that was put on the
market about sixty days ag<J, before j
the street work was completed.. Con
tracts have been let for grading, rock
ing and sewering and work thereon has j
begun. Lyon & Hoag also report that
i the .activity in Burlingame sales is j
sustained; that all Indications point to |
increased activity, and that, \u0084 in: the [
opinion of many, 190 C wlll.be the. ban- j
ncr year in the development" of penin
sula property? /This will largely 'be
brought about by the completion of the
Bay Shore cut-off and the. fact that I
land-owners who have heretofore, been
unwilling to cut up their lands are
now selling.
Baldwin & Howell repor.t that San
Mateo has fully sustained the .pace
set during the past' two "weeks.- •: In one.
day sales 'Were made In the San Mateo
Park and Hay ward addition amounting
to 12,000. Work on the third subdi
vision to San Mateo Park will be
j rushed to get. the property onthe mar
ket early. Practically all of the first
1 second • subdivisions .. have been
, sold, i'*:!/^- ' •/
I The catalogue for the auction sale
: to be held next Thursday by Lyon &
j Hoag of the entire block abounded by
Fifth and Sixth- avenues, and I and J
streets Is now ; ready. The sales . of
this, property, will go a long -way to'
ward the closing up of ...the "gap .be
tween the Western Addition, , which is
now built up to this land, "and a large
district south of the park. The devel
opment of the property in the . vicinity,
of this block is now In .rapid progress.
Close to $500,000 has been expended in
the last two years in a very small ra
dius'\u25a0„for., grading, bituminizing and
sewering. Many new buildings, are in
construction, ''twenFy-six of .a substan
tial character within two blocks. The '
new .Polytechnic High School; will be .
built \u25a0\u25a0• on .First avenue and -Frederick •
street at a c»>st of $350,000. the land for j
which has already been purchased and
plans are being drawn. The city has
appropriated money for a new public
school on Seventh avenue between I
and J- streets, one block from the land
to ' be auctioned.
On. October 26, at 12 o'clock. Hooker
& Lent will, offer at auction at their
salesroom, 'Xo. 14 Post street, an at
tractive list of nine properties. Six of
these are to be. sold by order of the
! Superior Court by the sole referee ap-
I pointed by the court, subject to later
| confirmation. All are attractive inside
'pieces. The list consists . of the fol
; lowing: Fillmore street. No. .2225, be-.
! tween Clay ' and SaCTamento, store and
flats; 2905-10-12-14 Mission street, be
', tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
streets, covered with Improvements;
Xo. 567 Sixth street, store and flat, be
tween . Bryant ' and Brannan I streets;
Xos. 1633, to 1637 Mission street, be
tween Twelfth and Thirteenth streets;
Xos.; 1021 to 1031 Howard street and 10
Harriet street, between Fifth and
Sixth streets; Xo. 226-ZS^ Townsend
street, '.between Third and Fourth
streets; Nos. 333-39 Tehama street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth streets, and
two lots on "Arkansas street near Sierra |
street.
Frank T. Brophy .reports' the sale of,
63 lots in the. Brophy tract at Half
moon. Bay. Sunday excursions to this
pointl are well attended by intending
buyers. - - v " t . •\u25a0»
•W..J. Morgan & Co. report that thera
Is^^much demand for Halfmoon real es
tate; Bi-weekly excursions are run from
mf Y^^ This ||
M V i Week j|
I Every housewife takes particular. delight in the furnish- •&*
ings of her bedroom. Our special bargain this week is Hi
made on the lines and style of the new and expensive *${
.Dressers. There s nothing cheap about it except the price' Ehl
It is made of solid oak^through and through— golden finish] M
Has IBx2o-inch beveled French plate mirror; pattern top- 40 ffi
>„,., inches long. If you need a Dresser you'd bet- AA Ar> 1»S
-\u0084ter see this one. OUR SPECIAL PRICE VX US PI
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY .7. .. . . . T . .\ $Qt Q Q ||
Country Orders Solicited. p|
. M V lSBr 102 EUIS STREET, JI 1^
San Mateo to Halfmoon Bay by San
Francisco real estate dealers who are in
terested In Halfmoon Bay, "W. J. Mor
gan & Co. control the Ocean Beach tract.
Landgrebe, McNevln & Jones have sold
property on Sutter street, south line,
87:6 feet west of Octavia street, with
ten Cats, for Hyman and Isaac Wolf to
Mrs. Annie T. Dunphy. for $50,000; South
west corner of Ellis and Pierce streets.
50x90 feet, for Mark H. Morris and Abra
ham Karski to John H. and Lottie Boh
llg. for $9000; No. 1426 Elli» street, north
line, 6» feet east of Ho'Us street. 23x100
feet, with two-story and basement resi
dence for. Florence M. O'Connor to Dr.
M. J. Fottrell, for $7000; No. 2257 Union
street, south line, 137:0 feet west of Fill
more street. 27:6x137:8 feet for Rosa V.
Morbio.to Charles Rothschild, for $7500,
W. F. Ambrose representing the purchas
er; two lots on the east line of Twenty
sixth avenue, IS6 feet north of Lake
street. 62x100 for a client of O. D. Bald
win St Son to X- P.. Marshall; 25x120 feet
on the north Una of Forty-flf th avenue.
north of Cliff avenue, for Roaa V. Mor
blo to Myra E. Jennings, for $10C0.
Austin F. Shannon Co. have sold 55 x
120 feet on the .southwest lino ' of Octa
via street, running to rear street. ' with
Improvements consisting of stor», cottaga
and flats for $28,500 to Melissa A. Potter.
mm*
Try the United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South 430. •
\u25a0 m \u25a0
The largest flour mill in the British em
pire is «in Montreal. It turns out 5000 bar
rels of flour a day.Economical Women I Monday We Will | ||||||||Bii "« WQ\J Hit the Nail Oil the Head n y J?" bu y, at .^ e . Modish Kimonos, I Twenty-Five Years
It „ rigfct to Have on Sale I l||i I^^/%^ V V nil me JlflU Un UIC^JCCiU Price-Cutter's.. No Shirtwaists arid Shirt- ' Handlins Hosiery
mak=yoaruadtr- in Our Bargain store .. M| fl IIiNSS^ ; catchpenny or premium policy heVe. OUR GUAIUVNTEE:"With every pur- : waist 'uts # «s.^, as g }\ UI
s v9. wear when yo-j Over SLQQ Dolk 111 W 4?nlfll^r Em 1. \u25a0 \u25a0!\u25a0\u25a0 . .t • .. iv i- j * v WOlil . U.IS U. «V all the defect 3
."*- can save, but you PilßK«flP I Wi chase, if in a week or a month any stora sells you the same kind of merchan- At the price you'ir like to jL^i.^and we have
(® "ri t .s buy^ c X Jfc. .hemTo"^!! JP^IJ I). «» M th^ we do, yourimoney will be refunded to you. •-' V-V-- . hay f'Sizs- ki" E?-^^
wea=kfor B ir^ I '\u25a0'\u25a0.-. Not Our Say So frTTJTand s e3 if it is Not Qur Do So Jfc. &S%?M ; f ;^'S^
LADIES' CORSET I r\ f?o m an v ' If J \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 , ...... ~~ -' 41fe Japanese crepe here: one of our specialties
COVERS— Made of soft " ' TOrf^ wholesale? in " JV^^^^iiii \ r 1 01.L I' A n w «, «f I I a jtU I Tir«t Dprrivpfl THp ®ffe cloth in large is misses hose or hose for
bleached»mt: S lin; 3 rows of O The United l ! 7>T_ sS^iili l iSi ===^ =; H Good Ribbons A PrCVentlVC Jof j ArOVndthC JUSt KCCCiyea We f an designs: Mi- the growing girl.
English thread lace inser- \u25a0 States. It is a< if MwrCi 1 '^nnwf 1 All Silk Taffeta Your. Little On C From Store Latest Fall Models : ; kado sleeves; and CHlL-
lion running all around the big- assertion to make but BH ¥^^a ! CL^raSr Ribbon in flow Cntnbind fnlrl „ '.it^ I " j circular yoke collar; hem- DREN'S HOSE— Made nt
ever; round neck trim- we have the poods and the Bft/^/^^XT^' e«d or D 5 tatClling tOltt ; . . . •' . C UFF^and . R& G bitched; priced for less India thread: the soft and
mcd with lace to match Prices to back them ud WSS^h^^UM ksftV^X '• Varden effect- A LITTLk TU-' ! C P^ LAR f S , TS / -' " '^Jm. \u25a0 .thanyou'ean buy the ma- velvet feeling kind; stain-
•nsertion and finished with Manufacturers' show- Wtr*^W§wM ' * satin" edee- width" >J5 IX)R 'SLE E P- -^^^ less black; fine jersey knit:
beading with ribbon run ro^nj samples: he has iff &!% e^l|i . No i 2i 2 f g for neck ' : «ING;.GAmNT \u25a0 " V: : '#™^T^ ' - LADIES' TUB SUITS elastic and true fit kind:
through; ?rmhol«? rmho1« also shed taking orders forthe ||7i^ \u25a0 \ wear or. millinery ' W_Made of steam "ends^ Price COki>HTs \u25a0•'-Made of mercerized double thread heels and
irimmed unh ace. Price holidays, and rather than ii c < E S .. ' •; :\-,: \-, . purposes. Price. ahn^l4 i [?"^^se?'l9c ' \u25a0 \u25a0 : \vi h ™ .',' \u25a0 lawH ' and --dimities; -foU • toes. Allsizes 23c
- M .»f them back and" pav> f^&& .\u25a0 . \u25a0• " 20c a yard.' \u25a0 OftLtte- button bick-' ' -^J ; c \ '" -flared skirt with deep hem. LADIES' HOSE— Mads
LADIES' DRAWERS- ™^\> them to P |, s - ! . . a yar . , $&s&ss£*£* I: :R: R * 'Mi • tj^ HT Jfc^ aist ' tucked.; -back , arid- of Island thread;
Made of soft finished Eng- at A a hberal discount. \u25a0 \u25a0-- ; __i " ""? '"" ' "-"\u25a0 v; '" '; : '-\u25a0'\u25a0'-' d^fshirt ;- ; with '8. and,,;; 9, mches; .-^^ figure, ;a. 1-1 Wfrbnt; -latest--' sleeve;- -in stainless -black; fancy silk,
mW& ISM! B#IP & YowDolhrsGo: I or; ; §f|g|gg||||g ; |«|l|| ' Wm^Wi ' iMWMAWM Mtf^OT
inSl lawn ruljfc vvi.h Vali .«''". BO°d makes. Double . \aftfe, \u25a0' ' A lon B *& . \u25a0 '• '350? ; :..:,,, 5 fa r . ,j of '.the:; little: ./Jmm-s- * -^12 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0• tXr VMWv 'KsSV Z -'\u25a0 *°° i-"!i -"!' d ?2 ss ° :!mt * Sg™- choose from.. Price... .23c
ladies- gown- W$M -"" - "' \^ '3 \u25a0^\u25a0""'^ - :: " : '-^ go9 ' l •\u25a0\u25a0&. v&kw*; - jW&ss&s&J&nz?. i m&5£&&8£&&
M^de of soft finished elaborately dres'e™fn ball e^m^es^f ' -Made .of:a -\u25a0 , ...\u25a0,.. ..-..,-., . Everyvpa.r guaranteedtby ; : these; . weighlV
Frencl, nain^ok: Trilby and eveninfrcostimes We the waV we sell- ! T*^ ". patent .knitted; . 'uriwMk'i. c»»p.« «« -. : ' ihomSufaWurer: >:\u25a0";\u25a0:.. :{ = fe"V ; ''Stab'rT^oHar" k " P < Sh '- '«V '"= from
\u0084: . k.:in«-c m round effect: cannot describe ali.al ™£lm CAP \u0084,,"- fabric; ;.hi B h ; ., neck.. and, .„„ « r»o w.«, .«.«,,,.. Pbf^f^Tea'r ; \u25a0 \u25a0?iiri2^6R^^B©l : S : W " " P«P™»»- "f l«» .«
inmmed with 2 rows of there are too many . ' «*!* FA t-7 ?T -t longsleeyesl.nS button or <He».Kl.l : Glovm u^^k. \u0084 \u25a0\u25a0*£\u25a0£\u25a0 thir -JoM ; -' PrI " S "•^'•^• i * Z; i • ! th^^™' thV™Sh°lst- «\u25a0" an* tender leet. Prure
t" dii ; S ?&%$ ifr ?h^efcohll|l|l bu,fon r h ? le S ; «r y: easy to \u25a0|; M^>B.T,TU.,.-.-. 1 ;- : -\u25a0 >\u25a0 Fitte7free'b y ;-js&tg:.; -j5&tg:. :\u25a0 :3*jg£*Sfig£'.j£ t ! .
with ribbon and lace to price . 4<\ i" tne rrencn snape, nm, put on; no coughs, or colic ?__ S ; - - \u25a0- - ; '^d-^mali;-.^ r .^' ,t . -.- ... ..,.,,, . • onle&6f^lhe^Jiewi«t^!falF CHILDREN S HOSE—
new elbow sleeve. Regular : & Doll: our f row of , cl " ste , r t^ cks . in when baby- wears ithese;. U ., .... ,V NeW ';! do«osc ; ' ' - /:.^' "T '' ' S&lg?k|SS^^ theY" ' ilade of Sea Island
tnmme'T with ruffle and price ....,.....;.., .7c front, also back; edge fin- fastened , £. a '.patent way ; CTCaFCf^CTra " :.\] • 7ij c SfßettC^pltC Thah; SwSS^SIS *t™d; stainless black:
finished with lace; no .but- Reßuiaf 2 S c Doll; our shed with; silk cording;. . back> \u25a0 Fal1 " H^ i? L D S-! • Never ' . -^ould. moderateK vr u^ed . knit; reinforced
tons or button-holes; the price.... ir,«. lined throughout. ..Price. . Smalland medium sizes fflfflMnHHl! Ti»~V ti \m -„-'•" :u: u -... ' ' ' toes, heels tnd knees; full
new Parisian style «hat Regular 50c Doll; our .' ik, 29c Small and mechum s^ \u25a0 | ,*&&\u25a0 ) : .^^W^^ ? '?. * A™ " Ccr^t. F«tt.d Free r>r Ex- length; medium weight; to
slips over th* head: full price ....,.:...., \u008435c. f INFANT-SHORT^ - i a ' r pe "sizes 35c' -' ™ |U "! V. 111 " "™ Combs :: ?^ l«bK^ linS • ? one ' : L * ce an( J m - . , .. ,. pert^-J: : those who , have paid 20c
length and width; if you Regular Si.oo Doll; our DRESS-Made of soft fin- t™ Wm"^'" Vfqt^ ' „ „ \ T .\ \u25a0 I * pair "we • would Uke to
vppreciate low price and price :..:....,... \u0084sOc - -.ished nainsook;* deep hem; u HIh S S V P, T and' Ha.r ?re . . ,w^ ba^l^and^ ; The ; ;r.ght^n(J ito tnm^ ; Do YOU' Need Any- have you inspect these for
good value, come and in 1 And many more. ' - square yoke " with hem- ffhe make)-, : .here o^. Italian:. , -odorless^ , , K our fall dresses vandjt a; : \u25a0 n7%n , Vt>l^^. J .....f..... A pair 12i/,c
snect the«e for o^i» *- — — ' - stitched tnrks and Made of the finest Amen- \u25a0 . -shell; highly . i: polished;., , ••• • A pair, .-Awe. . .n n ce .that. you will like to llanaKercnielS 1 liL_
, - All-Silk nia.iont the imported broidery •'.' insefHon; \u25a0•' neck' can cotton ;;high^neck and ; smooth .teeth;; the -kind; , buy, them for. ;:.,;.-; \u25a0•- : :• For your own use or • for \u25a0i ltf i <ti> -.-M M~»f»--'
Ne«« SHf-Redno,^ Cor.^ KinA. u><, .sleeves trinled^ith sJ<=eves;VkrseyLkn,t that, will -.not ' scratch ->.or, , y^Tnlbyimake^the ' >FRfCH; V y ( -A L;E N^ , Holiday presents? Why no; \.: JudgCS o! Merit;;:;
81.00. r ' ,' • . - - ~ a, hemstitched ruffle. Price • =»nd velvet finish. , Pants to , pul thr -.hair, trimmed, .new, patent, kind,.. CIENNES— In , the newest buy them now when you .Will .stop at our Bargain
-- -- ' — i Knitted Underwear | .; ; .....;vU;.i...;:ysac' .: cmatch; ;.ankle -length; in with solid ban ; ds of gold;- :. .wire;;* curved so , thread- designs; one. iinch. can get them at a -cut Counter to inspect these
NO Matter HOW Per- I _^ :•\u25a0 •TV; ? ii N >ANT'S LONG gray, and, ecru. •:, : some^wth<fiterM^work^ that, they avill .fit , wide,; all- pearl edge, -"the price? " ' ' ;. r Bureau Scarfs or Runners
_ to l ±r S3 l^l^a k^^' s^ iiSP-^ :^*SS^ :^HB m^^^ \wISBSM SSIiS-S
mm^m "Nature's Only Bivd" Tlbl^ "oLOVES _ H^ [ ri BsS^^Bl g^^^ Z'^"^ ,o
boned, so that „ w,ll hold the side-, in pink, blue and j^ So perfect Made of openwork mesh; Tto t ' "ll fit "Wack Price iw I — — — -—^—^ GENTS" HANDKER- "dosl .T.. .... 1»S
nee SOC Made of pure Vega silk: /CJ& over them with- in brown, white and black; s q{ heay ' . Inlant-f " colored border; ready for s oc" qukiity marked to
Swiss ribbed; low neck; I^rK f '; n suspecting the two star k.nd, or $100 Vror.ch elastic with patent Coi'Set Shldd Should he with " ;e " A P iece Te " clo.e 35c
15C Instead Of 25C shield shaped sleeve; the MS^ them at si^ht or quality as Jong as the buck i e and button; in pink, This Shield will JfM\ ' »,, >\u25a0 °h? FV^' 75c quality marked to
RPAT titp^tch kind that prevents your touch. The s c quantity lasts »Oc blue . red- and • black. No fit: any -style of ' ,I%'f dom 6? Ferris ftm> n? ftm* MnnvfinnH close : 45e
CU SHI O N dress or corset from bein^ f °Tf d ° a r a> i IVUhl VUh a P Un " Kid GIOVCS Cleaned by - a matter what Price.you pay l^Cl iitXY. wSsts cfeat« OUP MMy bOOtt ' , '
TOP AND RA% * soiled; in pink," blue and s lg hly, unhealthy and un- dry process and make to you will not get any better %sZ*:JF> %nsx- M^\ the^ right car- Values r ,M, M : ~
7JrZ* V BACK-2., white _ All sizes...:.. 50c comfortable padding Can look like new. ..A pair Be . h an ' these f0r. ...:.. .\2sc^ proof ; guaranteed • l(\ \M )™* t \ vl ht - n T n LADIES' WHI T E Good NeWS for YOU
inches square: tassels m T Ar v Ttrc , WT7C^ \u0084 , 1 be worn with or .without — . : not to bqnd or PO*^WV « ul g^r i nt-J^TrrTATc. m j \u25a0 ff , iU
each corner: fancy bright LADIES VEST-Made a corset; endorsed by « /ft.f^ nAr f^ Ml) A/^ puncture the l W weight. Made , PETTICOATS-Made ot If you. need any soap-the
colorings, such as green, f ''gitweight French jdi dressmakers and l^^lr iC O SIW NRI* R l« ° f . snow white French XX soit bleached muslin; Andrew Jergens make-
yellow, red, blue, purple thread; high neck and long ladies" tailors; inflated by | fL> 9W9 iIV VOl «V 111* »*> V ™f e 'J. sS e |[ . nainsook; .double rows of -xtra wide trimmed, with Such scents as violet, new
and many .other colors. sleeves. TigMts to match; a j r and true t o nature; %P Muf^ .... TSi PRICE CUTTER... • that . w,lLnoUn,U< r9r 9l a ?o b?"b ?"A s . ;^ a -l or s^ched, 15-inch umbrella flounce, mown hay and crushed
We doubt whether the ankle length and kid fit- made of lightest gutta- ' ''if~-*£. "" %'\u25a0 low yorir 0 corset- =ind4tfouble'rbws of wash- with embroidery and in- roses; 3 cakes in a fancy
price will last all day at ting tops. Instead of^ S oc percha; indestructible; 816-818' MarKet Street 13^15 OTaiTCll Street SfjftS«fftss^ t ape buttons; all. sizes." , sertion ioWch; dust rut- box, with a box of Talcum
this low price 15c 3oc Price $1.50 pheLan b'uii.ding ' ...".:.. .\. .. 25<f rnce ;;.^..... .-Ise fie" of lawn. Price.. .OSc powder/ all (or. 12c
\u25a0 . . ; " ~ — ~~" .. _ ~~- - MAII/ OItPERS SOLICITED. • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084 .- ............. , \u0084 .-,.... . .^,.. J ..- •\u25a0 "~~ ~~" ; ~~ ~—~ " .
PIONEER DIES
FROM STROKE
OF APOPLEXY
A^>ert Gallatln, pioneer of California,
capitalist and until a few years ago
known as one of the most prominent
hsrdwire merchants of the State, died
suddenly at his home last night. Apo
plexy was the cause of his death. He
was sitting with his family at dinner,
I *hen he suddenly dropped his arms to
is side and expired in a few minutes.
The deceased leaves a wife and four
children. Gajlatin Jr.. Mrs.
Frank Powers, Mrs. W. P. Harvey and
Mrs. Thompson Seton.
The funeral services will be held at
th« late residence of the deceased, 2173
Pacific avenue, on Monday at 11 a. m.
Th«» interment will be private."
For many years Albert Gallatin stood
In th* foremost rank of the business
men of the cogst. He was born in
K"w York seventy y«ars ago. His com
ing to the West i* an interesting story.
H*> went to New York city as a boy
10 secure a good education, wandered
through th^ Middle West and finally re
turned to New York, where he boarded
a Panama steamer and landed in San
Francisco after many days of ocean
voyage. N
He went into the gold mining in
duftry, but was not a very successful
miner. Then he entered the hardware
business at Sacramento. He finally
became one of the members and the
president of the firm of Huntlngton,
Hopkins & Co., with stores in San
Francisco and Sacram*»nto. Five years
sgo he retired from business. He di«d
possessed of a larife estate.
FALL FROM OPERATING TABLE
KILLS PATIENT IN HOSPITAL
IcJor^J Clerk Drops to Cement Floor
k During: Absence of Attendant and
%\u25a0 Sustains Fractured Skull.'
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 14.— Frank Mc
'Jjnn, a railroad clerk, died ml a hos
pital yesterday from a fall from .an
•iperatlng table to the cement floor.
McGinn met with an accident on the
street and was taken to the hospital
'inconseious. where he wan revived by
. a medical student. He was placed on"
an operating table and left temporarily,
unattended. He wat found later lying
<in the floe-r with a fractured skull.
GRAPE-yUTP.
'\u2666GOLD GOLD"
~G«M»dV He >« >«. "nut Comfort Better."
VFood that fits Is better than a gold
mine," sayn a grateful man.
"Before I commenced to use Grape-
Nuiß food tio man on earth ever had a
worse infliction from catarrh of the
ptomach than I had for years.
"I cnvjd eat frothing: but the very
lig-htesr food and even that gave me
great distress.
"I went through the catalogue of
prepared foods, but found them all (ex-
cept Grape-Nuts) more or less In-
digestible, generating gas In the stom-
ach <which In turn produced headache
and various other pains and ach^s) and
otherwise unavailable for my use.
"Grape-Nuts food I ha ve found easily
digested an assimilated, and it has re-
newed my health and vigor and made
me a well man again. The" catarrh of
the stomach has disappeared entirely
—-with all Its attendant ills, thanks to
which no-w is my almost
*ole food. I *want no other." Name
given by possum Co., Battle Creek;
Mich.... , ,
T*;n days/ trlaj , tells the story r . *;\
There's a rejrfon.y
COMPLETES BIG
RAILWAY DEAL
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 14.— Information was
received from San Francisco to-day that
the sale of the San Jose and Santa Clara
Electric Railway and the Alum Rock
Electric Railway to a syndicate repre
sented by Lewis Hanchette had been
completed there this morning.. The price
paid was $400,000 and the syndicate as
sumes $260,(00 of outstanding 6 per cent
bonds. This is $S0 a share for the stock.
The stockholders and the amount of their
holdings are: George and Hugh Center,
3745& chares, J. H. Henry, iOOO^ shares,
and the Mabury estate 250 shares. The
roads consist of a line from Santa Clara
to Alum Rock Park, a distance of about
twelve lines, and a branch line down
Tenth street of a length of about two
miles.
The road has been a well paying propo
sition. The new owners of the road pro
pose to broad gauge the line at once and
put new rolling stock oh it. In fact, a
resurvey of the Alum Rock Park line
was commenced this morning. A corps of
surveyors under A^ B- Southers of San
Francisco began work just this side of
Alum Rock.
The new owners of the San Jose-Santa
Clara line have «lso secured the rights
and franchises of the Santa Clara Inter
urban Electric Railway, the line proposed
by J. F. Parkinson and a syndicate from
Palo Alto to Santa' Clara. This proposed
line is to tap all the towns along the way,
Mayfleld, Mountain. .View, Sunnyvale.
Santa Clara and in through College Park
Into this city. - :
Just who the real purchaser of the road
is is not , known. It is generally believed
here that the Lx>3 Gatos .Interurban Elec
tric Railway, of which 0. A. Hale is the
president; is the'new' owner. Others be
lieve that the Western Pacific may be the
purchaser.'. .. . -;, r ,.»
ELDER 31K&-MACKAY
BEPROVES SON ? S WIFE
(flakes Gift :of $1000 to the
I \u25a0•-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 St. - John's Parochial
I "School.'
gpecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Mrs. John W.
Mackay has contributed $1000 to the paro
chial school of St. John's Roman Catholic
Church, Twenty-first street, near Fifth'
avenue, Brooklyn. This Is the school 1
that in July last was refused a gift by.
Mrs. Clarence H. Mackay. her daughter
in-law, who. In her letter in answer to
the appeal -for funds, arraigned the paro
chial school system as a menace 1 to the,
country. • '
Some Catholics here regard this as '. a'
reproof by Ahe elder Mrs. Mackay of her
daughter-in-law for her • strictures Upon
Catholicism.
BOMB KILL* TWO SERVANTS
OF BXOI.ISHMAN IN . WAJISAW
A«sas*>lns: Kill . TliK^e Policemen
and, Rueupe Front Their
/. I'ursuers. " . . - \u25a0>:?'\u25a0
WARSAW. Russian Poland. Oct. 14.:—
A bomb %va« thrown to-day at the villa
of an Enerllsbtenanufacturer. The cook
and gaidenor were killed and the house,
was damaged. The -bomb throwers fled,'
pursued by police. ,When closely press
ed the fugitive* ; phot and., killed three
policemen and then escaped.
THE^SAN^R^NCISCO CALU .SUNDAY, 'OCTOftTTR 3 5 : 1905.
STORM RAGING
IN BERING SEA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct. 14.— Severe storms have
been^ raging in Bering Sea since October
10, according to a message received to
day at the office of the Northwestern
Steamship Company. The cablegram
came to Secretary Trenholme and con
tains the information that , none of the
company's vessels have been able, to dis
charge. It is likely that the- steamships
Victoria, Senator. Olympia and Oregon
are taking shelter behind Sledge Island.
The message was dated October 13 and
the agent of the company at Nome said
that the weather had been severe since
Tuesday. It has been learned that nqne
of the last passenger boats to arrive in
the north have as yet been able to dis
charge and it is possible it may be a
week before the weather clears up. Pri
vate advices received from Nome last
night were to the effect that the vessels
had been sighted off Nome, but later dis
appeared from view, being unable to land.
WILL AGAIN iMREY V;
GIBL NOW HIS WIFE
Clandestine Wedcling to End
Happily for Taconia Bail
road Man.
Special Dispatch' to The Call. ,
TACOMA. Oct. 14.— Burton Beck, city
ticket agent of the Union Pacific, has
gone to Mount Pleasant, lowa, to marry
again the girl ' who he . clandestinely
wedded two years ago this summer. "The
bride is Miss Ada Grace Hancher, daugh*
ter of Dr. J. W. Hancher, president of
lowa " Wesleyan University, . who has \u25a0" is
sued an announcement of a' home wed
ding next Wednesday." \u25a0•'^ : >. ''"'.
Threes years ago, : while attending the
Wesleyan University, young Beck wooed
Miss Hancher and the young couple - be
gan* planning' their marriage,- little reck
oning on an objecting father. In July two
years ago the couple were married'at Ot
tumwa,' where they were invited guests at
a Fourth ; of July celebration. The bride
returned home, her father not learning of
the marriage for a week.i His wrath then
broke loose. Taking the stand that young
Beck had never shown any ability to care
for a wife and that' the | couple were too
young,, the father 'refused to allow his
daughter to visit her husband, keeping her
closely at home.* ~ ' ',
• Determined to prove his , worthiness,
young Beck quit hie studies to come West
to seek a fortune,; first locating in San
Francisco. *He later taught " school at
Aberdeen, then cam^ here.'; ln Jhe mean
time Dr. Hancher,,has'beeh, wpn^over'and
the romance wili.^ culminate/, in another
wedding next weelc. '
CORRECTNESS OF ACCOUNT ; ••
OF EXECUTRIX ftUESTIONED
SOMERSET,', Pa., Oct. ,14.~A'.-F.* Ken
nedy of New s York City filed : exceptions
to-day to the ; account . : of ; Mrs. Annie E.
McKinley.- executrix rof., the [estate of
the late President's brother.;- * . ,"*••'.
Kennedy;' alleges that, about \sBo,ooo,
representing: life Insurance; policies on
the late ' Abner McKinley, ' : . has not been
accounted- for * by ', the / executrix, "/and'
-Abner's , share of the estate of \ th# late
President McKinley, Jo
$50,000 or -$80,000, ; has \\, not been di-[
vided among "the creditori. " v
CROWE SCOFFS
AT PINKERTON
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— William A. Pinker
ton declared to-day 'that Pat- Crowe, the
alleged kidnaper -of Edward Cudahy Jr.,
was suspected- of complicity -in a plot
to kidnap and hold for $50,000 ransom the
child. of a prominent New York railroad
magnate. The name of the magnate was
refused by Pinkerton, but he considered
the plot of fufflclent importance to notify
the railroad man. . -\u25a0_<' . \u25a0
The Cudahy- kidnaping* at Omaha •\u25a0.. oc
curred several weeks after the New .York
plot was discovered, and aa theplan^foK
lowed there was along exactly similar
Unes,T*Crowe's" name was -never entirely
removed from the investigation. Accord
ing to Pinkerton, investigation tended to
show that Crowe had intended, also to as
sassinate General Counsel O. M. Spencer
of the, Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railroad at St. Joseph, . Mo., and then
kidnap a. member of Judge Spencer's
family: . ... .''.-.\u25a0 "'..\u25a0• • . :
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct: 14.— Pat Crowe to
day declared that William A. Pinkerton
lied when .he ? Intimated that Crowe had
planned to kidnap and hold for $50,000
ransom the- -child of a prominent New
York railroad magnate, shortly before
thQ Cudahy affair. . -, . ' ; '.
' "The whole thing Is . laughable," 'said
Crowe. \u25a0\u25a0': "Plnßerton \u25a0 has been " knocking
me right along, and if I ever tell what I
know about him he had, better watch out,
il may have takena little gold from a few
rich '- men, but, thank God, I never shot a
'worWngman in the \u25a0 back \u25a0 and allowed
'. widows and orphans to ' suffer. ' When
they were all after me here five years
ago Pinkerton wrote' to me and said *iat'
if I would give him the honor of arrest
ing me he would give me every; cent of
the reward offered. Pinkerton, is not af
lowed In" the State of Nebraska, and you
may put It down that I will be leading
an honest life right here in Omaha when
: this gQ-called great detective will not . be
alldwed to operate here." - . v. \u25a0 : .
INSULT TO; GOVEB^sOB
BESULTS IN ABLEST
University Professor Charged
With Violation of the
gQUTH BEND, Ind., - Oct. 14.— Profes-
Bor R. I*. Greene, who is at i the" head of
the Pepartmen :of f Pnarmacy at . Notre
Dame University, .was'arrasted to r day by.
United States Marshall; Petit, charging
him with having violated the postal laws.
The charge -is that Ihe wrote and sent
a postal card. to = the Governor of Vermont
, at *the time > a movement was launched to
isave* f rom 1 the" galloys"Mrp:; Rodgera; who
[was convicted lof jm.urde£,_ denouncing the
'proposed i execution."** Across the -corner
of ' ; thV^card" was ".written "Profetsional
man butcher." i '..:''\u25a0 '\u25a0 '
' Professor* ; Greene '; returned here to
night;from' Goshen, 1 where /he was ar
raigrted and' held ? to • await / the action •of
the ' Federal Grand Jury under $200 bonds,
which he supplied. :.* "
Star>l tin Men i Deatroy a : Market.
4 SEVILLE; ;; Spain. % Oct. • ••\u25a0 14S T Over,t r a
thousand- farnv" laborers madeVdesper
ate^by/,famlne the' market
place! at* Ecija, v ; forty-eight t miles ;, from
Seville^ to-day,, seized s the entire; stock
of r "goods '\u25a0': and money, -destroyed^ the
market and threw : the .; town i into a pan
ic. " The authorities hastily/applied ;t or
military* relief.; : " -^ :\u25a0'. "' .'\u25a0'\u25a0 -.\u25a0;'• ~ .
CLUB FORMED
BY SPORTSMEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOMALE3, Oct. 14. — The Tonsales
Sportsmen and Gun Club has been, or
ganized with Colonel Edward Bean as its
president, and Hardln P. Bostick its sec
retary. § Many of the prominent mer
chants, professional men and leading
farmers are ' members. They have se
cured exclusive shooting privileges on all
the' rancnes fronting on Tomales Bay
north of -.Hamlet and on the Pacific lOcean
to, a. point near:- the ; boundary', line :of
luarin , and \u25a0 Sonoma "'; counties. g$ The pre
serve covers many hundreds of .acres of
land abounding with quail, j The eeacoast,
whic-h is several miles along, affords good
ducu and brant shooting. ' .:
ITALIAN ANARCHIST IS SENT . .
, TO JAIL FOR FORTY MONTHS
i Severe Punishment Meted - Out to \u25a0an
Agitator Who Incited Soldiers
. - \to Leave the. Army. , • , •
ROME, Oct. 14.— An anarchist. Domino
-Rossi, recently made violent speeches !
!at Florence to some soldiers, inciting '
;them not only; to !Jeave«the 'army, ..but i
\u25a0to shoot their officers if they were or
dered to . flre : on;.. the \ crowd in case of
'rioting. -Rossi was arrested yesterday,
•summarily tried arid sentenced to forty!
months' imprisonment. ' J
; An anti-militarist" meeting was held
here -last evening, in spite of the fact
that ; the authorities had /prohibited It.'
A. police officer, ordered the speeches .to
cease. \u25a0 The orators,; ho wever; .- disre
garded his I orders and rioting 'followed,
during which many people were slight
ly, injured and twenty persons a'rrestexi.
The, authorities. have. ordered an inquiry
Into the matter. ' ? .'."-. : ; t .
RHEUMATISM
WITHOUT MEDICINE
WeW( Remedy Discovered .-', Ab-
, iiorba Acid , Impurities Th rough \u25a0,
' <he Large Foot Pores. ' -\u25a0*-'I ; --c?
"\u25a0y-y •-/"-. ..- ,\u25a0, \u25a0 -. . \u25a0 \u25a0 .. - \u25a0. -- : ' \u25a0-.\u25a0;. \u25a0; \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0".<-.%.\u25a0: ".-,-\u25a0,*
A DOLLAR PAIR FREE
.;.. ; V-:: : '•*\u25a0'•.\u25a0.: \u25a0" .-" % '--;;\u25a0;•
-.On Approval— Write To-Day.
* Don't; take, medicine for Rheum'atlßm,
bxit send " your' name '• to the ' makers • of
Magic V Foot v Drafts, . the great; Miehigran
discovery which- js curing every, kind jot
Rheumatism ;wlthout-medici^e-rchronic
or acute— Muscular, JSciatlc/jLumbagro;
Gout; etc., no' matter In what part of
thelbtfdy:;; Tou^llgret the Drafts ,by re-;
turn 'mall. " ; If * you 'are satisfied .with J
the relief they/glve, send us one dollar, j
If ; not, send hothlng., "'Yon decide? "./ '
•.-\u25a0:..-; «uctitM«^ 'r\.y~f- :: '.'\u25a0\u25a0' jf/'-iyt ..' -M*glC . Foot j
which cause Hheiirhatism. 1 curing where |
everything ielBe,;h»s if ailed.;, >Th«y tare
even" curing peases ' of iSO . and - 40 ' years',,
standing.' They^will cure yon.' Send your
\u25a0name : to-day i to- Magic ;Foot Draft -Co.;*
D. > M.y 18, OH ver.Bldg.; Jackson, ! Mich.
Ourj splendid new; book: on Rheumatism
comes \ f ree \u25a0 wlthsthe > Drafts. , : .> Send - no
mon«y--only ! your name. Writs to-day.
CHARGES CONSPIRACY
TO DEFRAUD THE CITY
Contention of Xayor Weaver
in Prosecution of ; Al
leged Grafters.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 14.— The hear
ing in the case of Abraham L. Eng
lish, Director of Public Safety during
the administration 'of Mayor riamuel H.
Ashbridge, and others accused of con
spiracy to defraud the city, was re
sumed'to-day before Magistrate Eisen
brown.
The testimony presented yesterday-
1Y f • . Monday morning at 9 o'clock we in-
I DiTktft T augurate one of the largest sales ever
1/Uli I held in this city * \
Tbonsands npon thousands of genuine CRAVEN- |
. . : ETTE TRAVELING COATS. Ralneoats and i-
".mmm- Mackintoshes for .Men. Women and Children.
«/« The entire production of the Ooodyear Raincoat
ii/B'sl C*C* Company. f I
I\u25a0 \u25a0 I^^ <--„- '* " wrlll P*y y° u *° *"> v ** many mile* to attend this
l?jLiLk3*j) grreat Slau«ht^r Sale.
.;. These sooda are made by the Goodyear Ralneoat
' :,- , Company. Every garment Isa 1906 model and
•_ _ " every one guaranteed. *iot* these prlcest
• i L^/% I ft f| Men's Raincoats 'in dark colors. I
iillS l.vu ww ° th^ 0
2' v . r A A''Men f s English ' Covert Cloth Rain-
ill I coats; light and dark colors, double-
s' U U breasted, velvet collar. Worth $7-s°.
iSFG/ji ft <r Men's All-Wool'. Raincoats, serge
?VII VUI* . J I U and Melton cloth?; light and dark
) Ul l W colors. Worth $8.73.
/"V \\ - \u25a0\u25a0 r Men's Cravenettc Cloth. Raincoats, in..
.-%'#!' l A': : \'K7 I H all -colors; guaranteed , waterproof. ;
L^/i IE Ul I U Worth $15.00 to $18.00. .
: VUtV .. . ' '\u25a0 - " \u25a0• : i
9T FA Men's superior quality Ratncoat3,
X II very 6ne cloths, broad . shoulders,
I ll U swagger, styles. Worth . $20 1 to $35.
A 1 1 fl fl Men>s $303 00 ° Imported Cravenettes,"
IliU v P addock st y le - _ * I
I AH 10 $3-5° — Boys' and Girls* School
'' '' 1 1 1 1 1 Coats—^Raincoats and Mackintoshes
' ___ 111 1 U U for school wear; made 'of covert
• ri.^ - cloths, all-wool serges and- fancy mixtures; |
V I M ll worth 53-50 to $7.50.
7-vJI ; ..W*-l----'' " A AA to $3.oo— Ladies' Raincoats in tan
' ".\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0; ....-\u25a0 J .. II II and Oxford; very latest style; loose
; " £m lUU and tight-fitting, with belt and '
T\ ..shoulder capes. ; Regular $5.00 to $7.00 values. |
•I U/% \f • J' A P Special attention i* called to this fine
, MJ.\JL If iL M T lot °^ : - Ladies* Cravenette, Rain and
- > - (\u25a0/\u25a0'* U'.U Traveling Coats; m»de of tan and ,
dark -Oxford cloths; new full sleeves and
fi sh ' rred effects. Made to sell for $10.00.
I lHflflt*=7 Cft t0 59-75— Note this lot of high-grade
Vrl/l/Lrl I TSI Ladie? ' Cravenette Rain and Tray- $
—T T V I IW U cling Coats.'suitable for dressy wear;"-
v. - all colors; a perfect 1906 model. Regular $18
\u25a0: . - -• • \u25a0 value.'.
f^'flfl'l^l § \J: J A I".A: to $13.50— Extraordinary values--
11 1 1 U'M IV' 1 11 ;n II * Ladies' Cravenette Raincoats in \
>*••*.*** • r^T- -.-, I UIU \u0084U ;.Uhe very latest styles, shirred.
•v gored; and pleated eflFects; fully worth $20.06'
'* .Mall crdtri uromptly »ttendM to H aceeßipanied by eh«ek OT mon*y ord«r. Sta.r«
\u25a0'ch*st an 4 -length m?asur«m#ntg. •
GOPPVEAK RAINCOAT CO.
1035 Market. Street.
I tended to show that in the construction
of the new smallpox hospital inferior
material had been used; that Building
Inspector James r>. Finley had reported
favorably upon the work and that the
original specifications had been fraud
ulently changed. *
. Former Judge Gordon, who Is prose
cuting: the ca3e for Mayor Weaver, to
day endeavored to establish the fact
that a criminal conspiracy to defraud
the city existed among the defendants
in awarding: contracts and in the con-? v
struction of the bulldingr
'"\u25a0\u25a0\u2666\u25a0.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 14.— An autopgy
performed to-day on tl»9 body of Prlnc* Ttqu
betskoy on account of rumors of foul play,
disclosed the fact that . the PMncVs death,
which occurred here October 12. wa« due to
the rupture of a blood vessel in the brain.
3334
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
MRS. BOTTOME COMING
FOR CONVENTION.
Kings D a ugh ters
Expect Visit From
Their Leader*
Society Is Preparing
for the State
Gathering
OAK.I.AND. Oct. 14. — The coming
State convention of the International
Order or Kings Daughters, which will
be held is\ this city on Friday and Sat
urday, October ::7 and 28, will bt rruirk
ed. by a riril from Mrs. Margaret
Bottome. the international president of
the organ izat ion. who has notified the
State secretary. Mr 6. M&.tiida Brown,
of her iutontioii to make the journey
to the Pacific Coast. Miss Georgie Lib
bey, one of the founders of the society
of* the- King's Daughters, will also
attend tho convention.
•In recognition ut tue fact that this
will probably be th« last visit of the
international president to California,
the State officers havt planned -a re
ception to be given in her honor at the
Occidental Hotel on the afternoon of
Thursday, October 26. Miss Ltbbey will
also be a guest of honor at the recep
tion.
\u25a0On Thursday evening Mrs. Bottome
win deiiver a lecture at tho Howard -
street Mcthodifet Episcopal Church q£
San Krar^isco. On the following: day
ehe will come to Oakland and be pre3.
ent at all the sessions of the conven
tion. On account of the presence of
the international president it is expect
ed that an unusually larg-e number of
delegates will attend the Convention,
•ttvhlch will be the ninth annual gather
ing of the delegates of the State cir
cles. The various circles of the State
are requested to communicate with the
State secretary before the opening of
the convention.
Following is the programme prepared
for the various sessions of the two
days' convention:
Friday morning — 10:15-10:30 — Devo
tional service, Mrs. Robinson leader,
Simpson .Memorial Church. San Fran
cisco; adcress of welcome. Dr. E. E.
Baker, pnstor First Presbyterian
Church, Oakland; response. Mrs. J. G.
Clark of San Francisco; Introduction of
Mr?. .Margaret Bottome. \u25a0 Dr. E. R.
Dille, pastor First M. E. Church. Oak
*and; oonvr-ntion called to order by the
Ststo eecretUT, Mrs. M. . Brown; reports
of Stato offic^rp; announcements. Fri
day afternoon. • 2 o'clock — Devotional
iw?rv!<*cs. Miss Georgie Libby of Xew
York <one of the original ten): report
of cred^rrtial committee; music, songs,
by tho Chinese girls of the Methodist
Mission. £an Francisco; reports of cir
cles; address. Mrs. Margaret Eottome;
song. Miss Corinne E. Reagh; offering.
Friday evening, 7:45 o'clock — Praise
service; pray-r. liev. H. J. Vosburgh,
pastor First Baptist Church. Oakland;
solo. Mrs. M. W. Jellett; music, songs,
by Chinese girls of the Presbyterian
Mission. San Francisco; remarks. Dr.
K. B. Baker; address, Hon. Frank K.
Mott. Mayor of Oakland; solo, Clement
P. Rowlands: address. Mrs. Margaret
Bottomo; son?, by the congregation;
benediction, J>r. C. H. Hobart. pastor
Calvary Baptist Church. Oakland.
Saturday morning. 10:30 o'clock — De
votions! services. Mrs. Ray Gilson
leader. First Presbyterian Church, Oak
land; minutes of Friday; unfinished
busiTH-ss; song. Miss Jennie Geeki; elec
tion of oflcers and executive commit
tee.
Saturday afternoon, 2 o'clock — Devo
tional RervW-5. Miss Georgie Libbey:
duet, the Mlsar-s Mabel and Hazel Rob
erts; address, Mrs. Margaret Bottome;
music, sonrrs. by Japanese girls of the
Methodist Mission. San Francisco; con
secration service and installation of
offifprs and executive committee; ad
journment.
WILL INVESTIGATE
POLICE MATTERS
ALAMEDA, Oct 14.— Chief of Police
John Conrad's action In filing charges
against Patrolman Fred Brampton may
result in a thorough investigation and
rhakeup of the Police Department by
the City Trustees. In the accusations
made against Brampton by his superior
it Is recited that the policeman for two
years conducted himself In a manner that
was detrimental arid subversive to the
good order and discipline of the force.
Chief Conrad is to be called upon by
the City Trustees to explain why he did
not prefer charges against Brampton be
fore if the officer had by his actions vio
lated the rules of the Police Depart
ment.
HOHTON CASE COMPROMISED.
OAKLAND, Oct 14.— The verdict
given Mrs. Joanna Horton and her son
Charles for $12,500 against the Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Company for
the death of Horace Horton, who was
killed by one of the company's wires,
was compromised by Attorney Stanley
Moore for $10,000 to-day and the court
gave its official sanction on benalf of
young Horton, who is a minor.
It Is a victory for Moore, who con
ducted the case, which was bitterly
contested, and opened up a new line of
procedure against the company, as it
was held responsible for placing its
wires so near heavily charged electric
wires that it became charged by In
duction and "was a deadly menace to
any one f>ho happened to touch it.
Horton. who lived at 1820 Thirtieth
avenue, was killed while in the act of
tearing the telephone from the wall,
It having become a nuisance by its
ringing and which complaints at "the
office had failed to rectify.
HOHM'M)()i;i{ Cw. "ITS SUICIDE.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— John Hawk, a
race track horseshoer, was found dead
5n room 39 of the Clarendon Hotel at
6 o'clock this evening, having com
mitted suicide by taking a dose of
strychnine. The body, which was dis
covered by Henry Camas, the pro
prietor of the hotel, was removed to
the jilorgue. Hawk, who was about 45
years of age, has a mother living in the
East. He hired the room in which he
killed bimsclf yesterday afternoon and
had been dead several hours when dis
covered. ; '\u25a0* '
THIEVES ATTACK WOMAN.
ALXM. »A..Oct 14. — While walking
on Market street in San Francisco yes
terday with her husband Mrs. F. K.
Heath was attacked by two thieves,
who attempted to snatch her purse.
One of the fellows grasped Mrs.
Heath's arms, while his confederate
tried to pull the purse away. Mrs.
Heath bravely resisted the robbers, and
her tscream* caused the thieves to de
sist and lose themselves In the crowd
before Mrs. Heath's husband could in
terfere. . *
BORUEAI.Tw, Oct. W.— The doctors In the
hospitals here, who struck October 7. will re
*ume ihelr duties on Monday, the directorates
of the Institution having graded their de
mands.
PRESIDENT OF THE INTERNA- I
TIONAL ORDER OF THE KING'S
.DAUGHTERS. |
ROOM THIEF WALKS
BOLDLY INTO JAIL
OAKLAND, Oct 14.— A .cunning at
tempt to escape capture for trying to
pick the packets of Bartley Dlreane by
applying for lodgings at the City Prison
in the hope that it would be the last
place where a fugitive from the law
would be sought, resulted, last night in
the capture of Edward Craig, a clever
room thief, who since his arrest has con
fessed to a number of burglaries which
have lately- been reported to the local
police. The authorities are satisfied that
In Craig they have captured a man who
has been causing them a lot of trouble,
and the detectives, are now making a'
careful investigation of the prisoner's
record. -
Craig was seen by Dlreane, who is a
j-oung Irishman^ recently arrived from
the old country- to attempt to enter sev
eral rooms in the St. Lawrence House_
at Seventh and Franklin streets, and a'
moment later as he passed Direane In
the hall, Craig tried to pick the lat
ter's pocket. Direane caught the crook
in the act, and the latter fled. He was
closely pursued, however, and hoping to
escape by a ruse, he went directly to
the City Prison, and asked for a night's
lodging.
Craig had been locked up but a ifew
minutes when Dlreane appeared, having
been unable to find him, and reported the
attempt to rob him. His description of
the man fitted that of Craig, and when
the latter was confronted by Direane,
he broke down and confessed. Among
the houses he said that he had robbed
were those of T. M. Van Slyke, J. Crab
and J. H. Haffee, all in this city.
• i
LU3IBER WAGON IS
WRECKED BY TRAIN
OAKLAND, Oct 14.— W. E. Cameron,
a driver for the Fisher* Lumber Com
pany, narrowly escaped death under the
wheels of the Webster street local train
at 7:30 a. m. to-day, at the -corner of
First and Webster streets, the wagon in
which he sat being completely wrecked
and the locomotive of the train badly
damaged. The accident occurred when
the . train was bound for the mole with
a heavy load of passengers on their way
to San Francisco, and all of. them re
ceived a severe shaking up, but none
were injured.
Cameron attempted to cross the tracks
ahead of the train, which was approach
ing the crossing at a high rate of speed,
but when the wagon, which was heavily
loaded, was directly across the rails, one
of the horses balked, and before^the en
gineer could stop, the locomotive struck
the vehicle. In addition to the damage
to the engine, the steps were torn from
the smoking car. After- a delay of ten
minutes the train, which was In charge
of Engineer Fuller, and Fireman Han
sen, resumed Its run. Cameron escaped
Injury by jumping from the wagon, and
neither of the horses was hurt
MUSIC IN GREEK THEATER.
BERKELEY, Oct 14. — A half hour of
music will be given at 4 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon in the Greek Theater of
the University of California at Berkeley.
Songs will be given by Mrs. 'Marian E.
B. Robinson, Miss Elsie Arden, Walter
Chauncey Campbell and a sonata for
the violin by Nathan Landsberger. The
accompanists will be Mrs.. Landsberger
and Miss Julia Rafler Tharp. The pro
gramme will be as follows: Recitative
and aria, "Rolling in Foaming Billows,"
from the oratorio of the "Creation"
(Haydn), Mr. Campbell; (a) "Ballad of
the Trees and the Master" (Chadwick),
(b) "Oh That We Two Were Maying"
(Gounod), Mrs. Robinson: sonata (Han
del). Mr. Landsberger, accompanied by
Mrs. Landsberger; (a) ".Fruhlingßzelt"
(Becker), (b) "God Keep You" (Upton),
Miss Arden, accompanied by Miss
Tharp. The public will be welcome.
The lower entrances of the Greek The
ater will be closed" at the beginning of
the programme. It Is requested that
late comers or those obliged to leave
before the close of the programme
should use the upper exits, at the rear,
of the theater, above the highest tier
of seats. Visitors from San Francisco
should take the 3 o'clock ferry.
RELIANCE CIRCUS POPULAR.
OAKLAND, ' Oct.* 14.' — Immense
crowds attend every performance oi
the Reliance Athletic Club's circus and
also -largely patronize all the other fea
tures of the athletic carnival now in
progress at Idora Park. To-night the
park was hardly large enouxh to,ac
commodate the visitors. The*shpwTwill
be repeated to-morrow afternoon and
close with a night performance.
Such the Royal Arcanum.
PORTSMOUTH, 0.. Oct 14. — Captain
Nelson W. Evans, member of the Ju
dicial committee of protesting members
of the Royal Arcanum, filed suit to
day, naming himself as plaintiff and
th# Supreme Council of the Royal Ar
camim as defendant, to enjoin the col
lection of additional assessments due
to the' recent increase in" rates.
ROBBER RECEIVES SENTENCE.— Louis
Parano, convicted by a Jury in Judge Lawior's
court on a -charre of robbery, was sentenced
yesterday ' to serve, ten years in San Quentin
On . the - night of August 1 he held ,up James
Campion of Saata Rosa at Jackson and Lel
desdortT streets -and -relieved him of $35.
v- - - - .... • ;\u25a0\u25a0 .; . \u25a0 . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; *~ SUNDAY;- OCTOBER W; 1005.
CHURCH ISSUES
A STATEMENT
Free Baptist Trustees Re
pudiate Logan, the Eloping
Member of- the Board
KNOW LITTLE OF HDI
Received Because Of High
Standing of Parents, Who
Belonged to Persuasion
OAKLAND, Oct 14. — No further word
has been received from H. A. Logan,
tlie trustee of this Free Uaptist Cnurch.
who eloped with 16-year-old Ethel
Cook, and the police have contentud
themselves with sending^out circulars
aiiU trying to trace Aim in Ui« usual
way. lie uiu not have a yieat deal of
moaoy aim it is ten that it is only a
Question ot a. snort time wuen tne two
will be located. Aleanwnile the-de
si rieu wite ana tiie deserted mother are
refusing io discuss tut: unfortunate af
fair. . .
Tlie First Free Baptist Church feels
that its name snoulu ue cleared' in this
unsavory, mutter und has issued the
following statement:
"\u25a0.Henry A. .Logan. has been a mem
ber of the cnurcn only for ''\u25a0\u25a0 a few;
months, uimseir and wile having been
received by letterfrom the First Bap- :
tist Cnurcn of Sacramento, lie was
never a deacon ut the church nor had
he any authority or influence in spirit
ual matters whatever. His parents'
years ago were members of our church,,
when Henry was a boy, and they are
excellent Christian people.
"A vacancy occurring in our board
of trustees, he was unfortunately elect-,
ed to till out the unexpired term. Some
or our trustees opposed this action at
the- time, but the good standing of his
paVentr and the great esteem' ln which
his excellent Christian wife was held by
thj church prevailed. Boards tf trus
tees in Free Bapist churches have no
authority in spiritual matters, their
duties being . confined entirely to .the
temporalities of the church." A minority
of the'board may be elected from out
side the membership of the church.
"The young lady was a Sunday-school
scholar, who had been assigned to
teach an infant class during the tem
porary absence of the . regular class
teacher. She was a very bright girl
and "the official board (or prudential
committee), who have all authority in
spiritual matters under the direction
of the church, had great hopes of her
accomplishing much good in the world.
The official board had secured for' her
from a benevolent gentleman interested
In the education of the young/ a
scholarship of $25 a term while in the
High School and a large amount per
term while she should be in the unl
versit'yv'"Ttiis^sa'irYe board had done
much' also for "Mr. Logan . because of
their respect j for . his parents. The
double treachery practiced upon the
church and the Injury done to the cause
of religion has plunged our entire mem
bership into profound -grief."- y *
WANT NEW- CHARTER
FOR MUNICIPALITY
ALAMEDA, , Oct. 14.— Another move
ment to have framed and adopted a
freeholders' charter for this city is to
be Inaugurated with the sanction of
the City Trustees, who, without excep
tion, are in favor of a more compre
hensive and up-to-date organic law for
the governing of the municipality. It
is expected that the first step in the
campaign for the new, charter will be
taken within a few weeks..
- President William J. Gorham . and
William M. Bowers of the. City Trus
tees are ardent advocates' of a .new
charter.* They have outlined a". plan of
procedure which includes the circula
tion of a .petition for a mass meeting
of residents and property owners at
which nominations for freeholdersYwill
be. made." The City Trustees will then
be requested to call an election* for the
purpose of choosing those who will
constitute the Board of Freeholders.
Provision was made in the recent
tax levy for the expenses of an elec
tion for freeholders and for a
election. The West End Alameda Im
provement Association has been active
in its advocacy of a new charter and
the subject will be a matter of discus
sion at the meeting next Wednesday
night. . -y .
TELEPHONE COMPANY
IN NEW QUARTERS
OAKLAND, Oct: 14.— The Pacific States
Telephone and Telegraph Company made
the final "cut over" at midnight • to^
night, which connected nearly all. of the
lines with the switchboards in the new
telephone building. on Franklin.' The new
building is one of the finest on the Coast,
both in the arrangement of the operating
apparatus and In its appointments - for
the health and comfort of the girls.,
The equipment of the new building |is
modern In every respect and as com
pletely fireproof as science can . make it
The switchboards are of the latest J pat
tern and will enable the operators to do
away with much of the delay which i has
been such a source of annoyance under
the old system. .The. ''cutting over" , "of
the entire system was not accomplished
to-night, , owing. 1 to : the fact that a num
ber of ; the; newilines which the "company
Is building are not completed, but as soon
as they are finished the whole telephone
system of the city,; as well ( as ' those of
Alameda and Berkeley, .will be operated
through the new switchboards In the
new /building on Franklin street. •
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— The following
marriage licenses were [issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Edwin T. Han
naford, 23, and Leta M.-Hull, 19, both
of Stockton; William Santos, 22, and
Anna .Davis, 19,. both? of. San Lorenzo;
Rdger 8. Phelps/ 29, Willits, and Wini
fred B. Velland. 25,. Oakland; Michael
J. ; Sullivan, 22, and; Kate" McDonough,
22, bo th "of Oakland ;: Hugo D. f Swanson,
23,' and Anderson, '20, : both, of
Oakland; William H.'Aborn, . 24, and
Hazel #D. Smith,' 20, -both" of Berkeley;
Morton": E. Hulbert 25, Auburn, ; and
Emma C. Rogers, * 22, S- San Leanflro ;
Moses W. Faltoute/ 30,;> New , York,'* and
Florence P. White, 24, -. Oakland; Rich
ard M. %towe,' 30, r> and ' Minnie :'A..Drum
mond, 29,,b0th.0f ; fLerkeley.- •
CITIZENS LOSE SUIT.
OAKLAND, \ Oct. r 14.-*-Judge . Melvin
has decided' a, »ult f against; B.VH.'i Pen
dleton:and others in , their? effort; to re
strain J.E. i Henderson .from.:establish
ing an undertaking 'parlor in \ the fash
ionable Lakeside •\u25a0 district. It is held
that It cannot become a" nuisance until
it has been established. /.
URGES WHEELER
TO STOP RIOT
Commander of Gr. A. R. Post
Asks University President
to Put His Foot Down
JOHN BOYD COMPLAINS
Veteran at Berkeley Would
Avoid Possibility of Dis
turbance at the Theater
BERKELEY, Oct. 14.^-Fearing that
the students of the University of Cali
fornia, following their recent raid on
the Berkeley Theater, might break up
a benefit performance to be given by
Lookout; Mountain Post. G. A. R., on
October,23, John Boyd, president of the
organization/has appealed to Presi
dent Wheeler asking that the students
be restrained from interfering. Last
Thursday night the undergraduates
broke up a performance of "Under Two
Flags," and it was from fear of a repe
tition of this disturbance that the ap
peal was made to Wheeler. The call
for assistance is made In the following
communication:
"President Wheeler: The" members of
Lookout Mountain Post No^SB, G. A. R.,
contemplate giving a theatrical per
formance at the Berkeley Opera-house
on the evenings of October 23 and 24.
Some of our members and ladies are not
In favor of it for fear that a repetition
of the disturbance of last Thursday
evening may be attempted. Can I .^as
sure them that the University of Cali
fornia authorities* will take steps to
prevent any Interruption of the per
ormance, which is given for the benefit
of th« G. A. R. relief fund? While we
should be pleased with the presence of
the faculty and student body, ,we can
dispense with what a local paper calls
the 'college spirit.'
"N. B.— Spirits of any kind are 'con
traband of war' 'within the .'mile limit.'
Respectfully, JOHN BOYD."
AUTOMOBILE DASHES
INTO AN IRON FENCE
NEW YORK, Oct. -14.— Miss Vie Brum
er and Miss Bessie Doyd, who are be
lieved to be residents of Syracuse, were,
it is feared, fatally injured this morning,
when an automobile in which they were
riding plunged through an Iron fence and
into the tunnel in Park avenue and
Thirty-third street.
Charles Gelhause, owner and driver of
the automobile, was also severely injured.
He was cared for and then placed under
arrest. "" .'
The other injured are Mrs. E. Wilde
of 215 West Thirty-fourth street and Mr.
and Mrs. Splitdorf, patrons of the Crit
erion Hotel. . .
Gelhause, who lives in the Bronx, had
invited the party to go with him in his
heavy forty-horsepower gasoline auto
mobile to the Vanderbilt cup graces. .
.The big machine started " down. Broad
way at a rapid pace and' wheeled into
Thirty-third street, running at -a. terrific
speed eastward. Suddenly the- machine
swerved to one side *of the street,
smashed through the iron fence that runs
along the edge of the street car tunnel
opening at that point and landed -on the
car tracks ten feet below. • ..-. \u25a0
Police who witnessed the accident found
the two -women pinned under the machine
and the others lying near in a partly
unconscious condition. The machine was
badly wrecked. /
PAYS HEAVY PRICE
FOR DEFYING BARON
BERLIN, Oct 14.— The Augsburger
Abend-Zeltung states that Louis Stern
of the .New, York Chamber of Com
merce, who was sentenced ten years
ago for Insulting Baron Thuengen, vice
commissioner of Bad . Klssi%gen, to a
fine of 600 marks ($150) and two weeks'
imprisonment, has now been pardoned.
The bail which he; deposited at that
time, amounting to $15,000, has been
confiscated. •
The case caused no little sensation at
the. time, .the dispute arising through
Baron Thuengen 'forbidding Stern's son
to dance in .the Kurhaus'. dancing sa
loon, where only persons above fifteen
years of age are allowed *to dance.
At the time no. stone was left, un
turned to bring about , a change of the
sentence from imprisonment to a fine
only, the American Embassador'lnter
vening, but in valri. With ball and other
costs the whole affair has left Stern a
poorer man by $25,000.
SHAFT^ CONNECT CHICAGO
SUBWAY WITH THE RAILROAD
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— The first actual
connection between a Chicago railroad
and the Chicago subway was made yes
terday, when 'the shafts from the bore
to the tracks of the Chicago and Alton
road at Van Buren; street were opened.
Two or three, carloads: of coal were
dropped down and sent to a ! downtown
business house. Five shafts connect
the* railroad with the' subway and will
be' used for coal traffic. The Alton
brings from seventy-five :to onelhun
dred carloads of Illinois bituminous coal
daily, and > all Intended 'for' the down
town district "will be delivered through
the tunnel. Connection with the ware
house by. elevators ..will, be, made .later.
ALLEGED KIDNAPING CASE
BRINGS OUT/ STRANGE STORY
ST. LOUIS, Oct.- 14.— Miss Goldle Tell,
the nurse employed in' the family of
George Reagan, Alton, 111.", ~ who was
charged by Mrs. Reagan with kidnap
ing baby George -Howard Reagan : last
Monday, was found to-day lln St. Louis
at the home of Mrs. Frank Llndhorst.
Goldle Yell admitted her j identity and
confirmed the* reports circulated 1 since
the alleged kidnaping that the baby. Is
her child and declared her intention; of
retaining, possession; Mrs. Llndhorst
confirmed Miss Yell's statements land
said she was present at the child's birth,
July 30, 1903, Goldle Yell] being: known
to Mrs. Llndhorst at that. time as "Mrs.
Leo Rowe."
.Water Carnival \u25a0 at Hcaldsburs;.
SANTA,? ROSA,' 7 14.— The ; water
carnival \u25a0 at v-Healdsburgt;: to -day
tracted '-}. a large ; attendance : from all
parts of the county, v A dam across -the
Russian i River/ at - that j point:; formed '\u25a0 a
beautil ul lake several *: miles" long, t on
which all sorts .of; aquatic 'sports,: In
cluding water i baseball. '\ were
Dancing and merrymaking kept up till
a late hour. V; ; £&b3£Sß&i»
CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.— John
M. noss, manaeer: of i the i National ? Collection
agency, waa arrested yesterday -on,' as warrant
from Police Judge Conlan's- court charging-, him
with misdemeanor ;, embezzlement, v's The,- com
plaining: witness ;, ls -T. "Kartovich, .a" cook,; who
alleges that' Ross collected an . account : for} him
from -a" restaurant-keeper and - failed ;to \u25a0" turn
over. : the coin, a Roes ' says Jhe sent a . check for
the > amount . to Kartovich yesterday; morning.
. BADGE PRESENTED TO POLICE- I
MAN. JOHN LESTRANGE BY THE -
WEST- BERKELEY BANK. |
BADGE OF HONOR .
FOR LESTRANGE
West Berkeley Bank Shows
Appreciation of Bravery
of ' the Police " Officer
j BERKELEY, Oct. 14.— 1n recognition
of the courage displayed by Policeman
Lestrange when he undertook a des
perate midnight battle with four
prowling criminals and succeeded In
killing one of them last month, the
West Eerkeley Bank yesterday pre
sented him with a handsome golden
badge of honor. .
The following communication accom
panied the testimonial:
"Mr. John Lestrange, of Berkeley
Police —
Dear Sir: In recognition of your
loyalty, to duty and the signal bravery
displayed by yourself in the encounter
with footpads on the morning' of Sep
tember 28, 1905, at which time it would
appear to have been their Intention to
make a burglarious raid on some busi
ness house or houses in the vicinity of
the West Berkeley Bank, and perhaps
upon the safes. of the bank itself; and
as a slight token of appreciation for
your prompt and efficient' . action on
that occasion by which such a raid was
not only prevented, but future attempts
no doubt discouraged, the officers and
directors of the West, Berkeley Bank
beg leave to present you with this
badge, and trust it will ever be a re
minder to you of duty well performed.
"WEST BERKELEY BANK, Francis
Ferrler, president; Andrew Abrott, vice
president; H. \ H. Camper, cashier."
TAKES NAP IN STORE
AFTER ROBBING IT
SPOKANE, Oct. 14.— The star; burglar
last night not only fitted himself out In
new clothes, but took a nap on the cloth-
Ing piled on the counter in the 'Davis
Clothing Store on Main avenue. For the
second time in a week the store has been
entered by a burglar, and each time the
entrance was gained through the skylight
In the ceiling of the store. He rummaged
through the piles of clothing in tlie store
until he found what he wanted. His out
fit included a suit and a fancy vest, a
pair of shoes, a hat, fifteen pearl-handed
pocket knives and a few cheap watches.
Picking over the entire stock and get
ting what he wanted, the nervy man got
out a quilt from the rear of the store
and, pulling two tables together, lay
down and took a naj> between two piles
of clothing. A number of pairs of trous
ers were rolled up in a ball and used for
a pillow. The man evidently left be/ore
daylight, going out through the back
door, which he left open behind him:
ARMVAND IVAVV ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— Army orders:
First Lieutenant Lloyd L. R. Krebs, as
sistant surgeon, is relieved from duty In
the Pnlllppines Division and from tem
porary duty at, the Presidio of Monterey.
He will proceed to Fort Bayard. New
Mexico, -to report to the commanding offi
cer of the United States J Army General
Hospital at that place for'duty.
Under Instructions from the President
an army retiring board is appointed to
meet in San Francisco, from time to time,
at the call of the president of the board
Tor the examination of officers. The de
tail of the board is Brigadier General
Frederick Funston, United States army;
Colonel William S. Patten, assistant quar
termaster general;^. Lieutenant Colbnel
George M. .Torney, deputy surgeon gener
al; Lieutenant Colonel Louis Brechmiri,
deputy surgeon general; Major Samuel W.
Dunning, | military secretary ; First j Lieu
tenant ;Edwln C. Long, artillery, corps,
recorder.
Captain Frederick G. Strltzlnger Jr.,
Twenty-second Infantrj\ upon his arrival
at San Francisco, will report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for assignment to duty pending
the arrival of the Twenty-second Infantry
at San Francisco, when he will join tha t
regiment. . \u0084
Navy orders: ? .-•
• Lieutenant L. C. Richardson is detached
from the Inuependence at the navy yards
at Mare Island" and will . proceed to the
Asiatic station,.'. sailing from. San Fran
cisco about November 15. v . ' "V .
Acting Carpenter- L. Haase, .detached
from'the navy, yard at New. York October
31, will proced to the Asiatic station, sail
ing from San Francisco about November
16. Warrant Machinist E. H. Klamt -Is
detached from the ; Pensacola at the nival
training station at San Francisco and will
proceed to. the Asiatic station, sailing
from ; San Francisco about November 15,
FOUR MEN ARE DROWNED
IN, THE .^WINNIPEG RIVER
Canoe, In Which They Were Moving
;.^ Down* the Turbulent Stream Is' .
vr. .' Accidentally Capsized. ? . .*—
WINNIPEG, Manitoba; - Oct. 14.— 0n
the Winnipeg River, fifteen- miles from
Kenera,' f our ; men belonging to a party
of ; Gran d' Trunk \u25a0 Pacific surv'eyers were
drowned yesterday. 1 Theparty numbered
nineteen men' and was moving down. the
riverain four canoes.-*" In the second
were h Fred - Crooks; .John'- Brown '. of
Frederickton, T New ' Brunswick; Wil
liam Porter^ of Ottawa, 4 F/ C. Moffatt : of
Pembroke ; and : Anton ' Larensen ;-, and
Bert 'Gibson. ;';; 'I ~Z ",. r ' , ",-- _.:'/\u25a0'\u25a0 ' \u25a0'- -•\u25a0
iThe^second s canoe '-. capsized In -some
unaccountable ;. .v.--.] mariner.^
Cr ooks.^Porter and Brown were ' drowxT
ed.'V;Gibson- and -Moffattr stuck; to f the
frail '\u25a0- bark canoe arid -after ' two hours
of terrible suffering.'ln- the icy and tur
bulent:.- stream" were . } ,* ashore.'
None "of the pother 'canoes were in sight
, TWO' BOYS GIVE BAlL.— Oakland; Oct 14
Frank Tracy. PaulLacaxetti and Frank Smlth*
the i three • youths ; who jwer« arrested yesterday'
by - Sheriff, i Frank Barnet . for the robbery of
the home |of Attorney - George .' Ingraham, < were
taken before Justice of the -Peace Geary to-day
and the ." last - two } were 1 allowed their liberty
on 11000 bonds | each, 1 while , Tracy Is s t ill held
in Jail.'; as he has no one to give bail toe bjjn.
BIG COMPANIES
GO TO COURT
Contra Costa Brings Action
Against Realty Syndicate
for - $100,000 Damages
STRUGGLE FOR WATER
Alleges: That the Defendant
Corporation Has Invaded
Supply in Sausal Creek
OAKLAND, Oct. 14. — A battle* royal
has been precipitated by a suit brought
by the Contra Costa "Water Company
against the Realty Syndicate and F.
M. Smith for $100,000 damages for the
alleged diversion of water out of Sau
sal Creek by the latter company. It
is claimed by the water company that
it has the right to the, 600.000 gallons
daily from this creek and that the
Realty Syndicate has gone Into the
stream above plaintiff's dam and put in
five dams, besides three tunnels, and
has been diverting the water for three
years past and giving it to people who
have bought land from it in the Pied
mont Heights district.
Sausal Creek runs down through
Fruitvale and empties Into the estuary.
The Contra Costa Company states that
It has had a dam in the creek known
as Sausal Dam for more than twenty
years and that It has been piping water
to the extent of 600,000 gallons dally
from this supply. Lately, however, the
complaint sets forth, plaintiff's pipe
will not fill, owing .to the diversion of
water from the stream above, where its
dam is located. :
The complaint alleges that the Real
ty Syndicate has constructed extensive
works along this creek and built dams
across the creek and tunneled Into it
and has taken off such a supply of wa
ter that the supply has been encroached
upon so that it takes practically all the
water In the creek. Attorney M. C.
Chapman brings the suit on behalf of
the water company.
FIRE RAZES COUNTY
FAIR GRAND STAND
BUCYRUS, Ohio, Oct 14.— While the
races at the County Fair this afternoon
were on the grand stand was discovered to
be on fire. A panic followed the first
announcement. Spectators In the grand
stand rushed for the exit and soon block
ed the only passage to safety. Excited
women, children and men leaped over
the front of the stand upon the the
track, twelve feet below, and many were
Injured.
Those who left the grand stand last
were badly burned, as the big pine build
ing went like tinder. Within three min
utes after the fire was discovered the
stand was wrapped in flames. ,The fire
was caught up by a stiff breeze and was
driven across the grounds, communicat
ing from building to DUildihg. The horti
cultural hall went like powder. The pho
tographic art building and newspaper
headquarters were destroyed. School Ex T
hibit Hall was badly damaged and some
of those Inside were burned.
The canvas used by the farm Imple
ment people was swept away and a mass
of flame from the building played upon
an acre of Implements, buggies and wind
mills, destroying them. Women In
charge of exhibits in the halls had only
time to seize . their personal belongings
and escape. In less than a half hour the
entire fair was destroyed.
VAQUEROS^ CAPTURE
FIVE BIG BUCK ELKS
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct 14.— The second
attempt of the year to transfer a drove
of wild elk from the ranch of Miller &
Lux, a few miles from this city, to the
Sequoia Park was made this morning,
and as a result five big bucks were cap
tured with lariats and are now on the
way to the park In good condition. About
forty vaqueros from all portions of the
valley "are engaged in lassoing the elk.
Rodrigues, hfead vaquero for the land
company, captured the first elk. His
shoulder was dislocated'' before he suc
ceeded in throwing the big animal.
About a year ago the first attempt was
made to round up the elk, which for years
past have made the country In the vicin
ity of Button Willow their feeding
ground. Two were transferred to the park
at that time. The work will be continued
to-morrow.
DOES NOT WANT TARIFF ON
AMERICAN LUMBER AEDUCED
Washington Congressman, In an Open
' " Letter, Declares a Cut Would
TACOMA. Oct 14 .— Congressman
Francis W.. Cushman to-day sent an
open letter to the Pacific Coast Lum
ber "Manufacturers' Association In
.which he virtually declares his inten
tion'to stand pat upon the tariff issue
In the next Congress regardless of the
action or recommendation of others,
saying among .other, things:
"I; am against the lowering of the
tariff on ; American lumber, whether
that disastrous result Is accomplished
under the real guise of "free trade' In
the sugar-coated form of reciprocity or
the double-barreled subterfuge of a
'maximum or minimum tariff.' It Is
the result "In which I am Interested, not
the title of the disaster."
ARIZONANS AGAINST JOINT
STATE BOARD PROPOSITION
Congressman Gets Opinion of People
" While on Trip Thr onsh
Terrltorr.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Oct 14. — The Con
gressional party touring Arizona ar
rived here this . afternoon and will re
main over Sunday. At Wlskenburg
Congressman. Tawney asked fqr a vote
of the people at Hhe . platform relative
to .Joint Statehood with New -Mexico,
and every - person voted against it
Congressman Tawney said this • was
more convincing than anything he had
seen against Jointure.
% i'Every members of the party ; has now
expressed ;\u25a0 himself opposed to Jointure
except ;. Tawney. . Some favor Statehood
at once, but Steenerson and'A,dams sug
gest waiting a few years for an in
crease of population. ;
Mexican . Fatally Stabbed.
;;a SAN DIEGO, Oct. 14.— During a quar
rel over, a dollar to-night Antonio Gon
zales | stabbed Manuel Garcia' in the ab
domen. The wound ; will probably prove
fatal. ._ Both men are Mexicans. Gon
zales fled and up to a late^hour to
night had, not been captured.
TO RECEIVE COCKR AN.— Collector Strat
ton X has placed the revenue steamer ColdLr!
Gate at the disposition of Rev. Father r> n
Crowley, and Chief Wharfinger Richard Welch
heading a ' committee .ot the ;. Young Men's In
stltuto, t to meet Bourks ; Cockran. who Is ex
pected to arrive on the steamer America Mara
next Tuesday. - *™
CHILD REBELS
AGAINST DECREE
Does Not Wish to Accompany
-Father to Whom She Is
Awarded by Court Order
MAKES UNUSUAL SCENE
Delphine Coll Is Given Over
to Parent Who Recently
Attempted to Kidnap Her
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— Little Delphine
Coll, who recently successfully resisted
an attempt of her father. Andrew J.
Coll, to kidnap her while on her way to
school, had to acknowledge to-day the
supremacy of. the law which makes her
father her natural guardian, notwlth-.
standing what her. personal dislikes may
be. She is but 13 years of age, bat strug
gled and screamed when her father tried
to take possession of her. When he at
tempted to bribe her with a box of
candy, she dashed it out of his hands
on to the floor of the courtroom.
Her father and mother were divorced
and she was given to the mother, who
died some months ago. Since then she
has been living with Mrs. E. C* Lambert
on Alice street and attending school. One
day, a few weeks ago. her father Inter
cepted her on her way to school and .at
tempted to take her forcibly to th© rail
way station. | The child, however, mad*
a struggle and aided by a companion es
caped from her father and ran home. A
few days later Mrs. Lambert was grant
ed letters of guardlansehip over the child
by Judge Melvin and to-day Judge Og
den decided that the father had a prior
right and gave the child to him, H»
makes his -home at Fresno.
GIRL HIT BY TRAIN
RIDES ON THE PILOT
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.— Grasping a llttl*
dog in her arms, Anna Lutz. 13 years old.
of Evanaton. 111., was found sitting on
the pilot of a freight locomotive than ran
into Winnetka last night. The child had
run to th« middle of the track to save
the animal from belnsr killed by an ap
proaching train and had just picked It jj
up when the train struck her.
Anna was thrown upon the pilot, and.
unsf en by the men In the cab. was car
ried miles before she was found and re
leased, uninjured, from her perilous
perch.
The freight train took a sidetrack In
Winnetka to let a passenger train pass
and a switchman saw the child. She was
put on the passenger train and sent home.
"I was not very scared," said Anna.
"At first I thought the train had thrown
me off the track Into the road, but when
I saw houses and trees go by and felt
the rattle I knew I was riding on some
thing. Then I sat up and hung on to
that piece of iron and it was lots of fun."
TAGGART REFUSES
TO ACCUSE MINER
WOOSTER, 0.. Oct. 14. — Judge Eason
to-day decided that "Tlddlea." the
younger child of the Taggarts, shall be
left In the care of his mother at Wooa
ter. The elder boy may go with
his father, who is now located at the
Columbus Barracks. Judge Eason add
ed that both children would, however,
remain under the jurisdiction of th«
court and the above arrangement
might be changed later.
Major Taggart will not prefer
charges against General Miner and
Lieutenant Fortescue as a result of the
decision of Judge Eason.
"'All that remains," he said, "is be
tween Mrs. Taggart and myself. Sha
is free now to do as she wishes, I hava
no disposition to press charges against
anybody. Further, those offenses ara
outlawed, even If I . should wish to
press the case. I want to say- that
Judge Smyser Is responsible for the
disclosures made concerning them. I
offered a compromise and he refused."
AGED WOMAN IS ACQUITTED
OF MURDER CHARGE BT JURY
Found Not' Guilty Despite Fact That
Defendant's Daughter Is the
Accuser.
STOCKTON. Oct. 14.— After a trial
begun last Tuesday at San Andreas,
Mrs. M. A. Mason; who. with her hus
band, was charged with the murder of
Jose E. Nandino near Valley Springs,
Calaveras County, In October, 1903, waa
acquitted to-day. s It. was alleged that
she fired the shot which killed Nandino.
her husband being present passive.
They were arrested in Stockton some
months ago on information given to
the officers by her daughter, who said
she had been threatened with death If
she told. The husband is yet to ba
tried. Both are well along In years.
BODIES OF FATHER AND BABE
ARE FOUND IN BURNED HOUSE
Fire Is Supposed to Have Been started
by Husband to Rrrenge Him
i self on Wife.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.— The, charred -4
corpses of Joseph Kan trun, 27 years
old. and his 8 months old child were
found In a closet beneath a stairway In
a three-story tenement, 672 Jefferson
street, to-day after firemen had ex
tinguished a fire which Is thought to
have been of Incendiary origin. Dur
ing the fire several occupants leaped
from windows. It is believed that the
supposed Incendiary was Kantrun and
that his object was suicide. He had
quarreled with his 'wife.- —
Tries to Kill Hnnband.
SANTA ROSA, Oct 14. — On Fourth
street, near the Santa .Rosa Hotel to
night Mrs. Paul Anderson, colored, 'met
her husband while she was partially
under the influence of liquor, and.
without any warning, took a shot at
him. She would have fired the second
time had he not quickly got under
cover. Officer Don Mcln tosh placed her
under arrest and took the weapon from
her. 1, >
Indicted for'Electlon Frauds.
JOLIET. 111., Oct 14.— The grand
Jury .. to-day . returned Indictments
against Assistant Clerk Homer Moon
ey, W. H. Evans,, Oscar. M. Osam and
three others. At the last city election
some persons entered a vault in the
City Hall and changed 107 votes for
Mayor Barr so as to give the votes to
Former Mayor Grolius, , the defeated
candidate. *
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 14.— Dr. W. J.
Wickmarr performed an autopsy this
afternoon on the remains of Michael „
Ward; an old woodchopper. who was.
found dead yesterday on the Ingleskle
county road, near San Antonio, about
eight '. miles, from Petaluma. He de
clared the cause of deas): to be alcohol
ism. It is not known if he had any
relatives. 'I WILL GIVE $1000
IflfailtoCureAnyCancerorTumoi
where six months v
\yt near 'y always cancer,
gS~ _\t n Ataolute Guarantee
. "*^*~ I^©^ . Cancers and Tumors,
ridudujg testimonials, e%-er written, BENT free
ANY LUMP IN WOMAN'S BREAST
«s nearly el ways CANCER and if neglected
« 111 always poison deep elands in ttae armpit
-cr.d kill quickly. Address
DR. & MR§. CHAMLEY& CO.
strictly Reliab.e. Two Lady Assistants.
Office 25 Third St., San Francisco
fcEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
« .~-j^x^t-j-Z_J|]!^ll!!l[!'l^;'. " '*-" r *~iL-
Rapid Rotary Standard
The S^wlnr Machine of To-Day.
IXIN'T FAIL TO SEE IT.
J. W. EVANS, Agent
1021 Market Street
Near 6th st.
""" ! \u25a0 !
Ohio Dentists.
If w<? do your oontal work it will b*
<3onp ripht: no unsatisfactory work is al-
lowed to go out of our offlce. We want
everybody to he pleased.
We have Fpecialiit* in every branch
Full set of teeth that et'.ck fast, raade
only by v*. ?:: ;*r s»>t; gold crowns and
bridge work. $U iy per tooth; finings. Sue;
cl'-ar.flr.g /rt*.
l*air.let>s rxti-action by air. pas or by ar.
application to the ttun'.s. "•• \u25a0
OHIO DENTAL PARLORS,
SSO Market. o«r. Stockton and tOl.is.
Hours 9 to 9. Sunday 10 to 2.
/^K Perfect Fittiag; 'Ap&
\J\ EYE Y\]
c f GLASSES V?\
I troken Lenses r;-
pieced 50=
v^42
fejl^^f^j^BßC Built with
*"^aLi^afiS3^*-"" heavy brass
" t r immlngs,
v.-aterproof cam-as cover, tray \u25a0with
hatbox and extra dress tray, cloth
faced. Price only $6.00. We are
manufacturers and sell £0 per cent
cheaper than others.
J. MARTY GO.
Trunk and Rag: Manufacturers,
22 TIKK ST., S. P.
Repairing;. I'hone Foltom SSI2.
\
THE
Los Angeles Times
SAJV KRANCISCO OFFICB
IS NOW IN
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1472.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
The Times Is the advertising
medium of the Southwest.
9mrmmmmm^
CALIFORNIA STREET RESIDENCE
XO RENT
Magnificent residence, containing 11
ooms and bath; -electricity throughout;
ice reception hall. No. 2620 California
-t'. Rent reasonable on lease. Apply
I AGE, DEALY (8b CO.
638 Market St.
' HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
* . Has the Best Equkpcd
. . end Handsomest . .
GRILL ROONMAFE
IN SAN FRANCISCO .
Business Men's Lunch a Specialty
) O
B '' CMICWeBTEH'S ENGLISH
Fehsvroyal pills
I _yTAr 0H»t««I «»4 Only Ce»«l««. \u25a0
t<( l&id " CHICHKSTEKMS ICNGLISH
i*LL>£ks\ is lttl» aod Gold Bwtallic hit. w*l«4
-~i\—Ti,*2 *>\u25a0*' ribboc. Take \u25a0• «tker. BefaM
C Jf •**?» for I'ttrtlmianu T«*U»»«I*U
V*^ JT turn M»JI. ie.OU»l«i;«i*«l»U. S.ldbf
>— -f" mil Dr* (C »u. CfclefccstOT Chtmltml C*,
MnrtKiiir Miiliii fi \u25a0 *"" Lt - »*-
WILL PRODUCE
"BEN HUR" AS
AT DRURY LANE
HANDSOME AND TALENTED ACT
RE£F. WHO WILL APPEAR IN
"BEN HUR."
When Klavy & Erlang^er arranged for
the presentation of their spectacular
production of General Lew Wallaoe's
"Ben Hur"' at the Drury Lane, London,
they seized every opportunity the vast
stage that playhouse presented to put
the piece impressively before the Eng
lish public.
It is exactly this production that will
be unfolded for the admiration of the
San Francisco public at the Grand
Opera-house on Monday evening* Oc
tober 30. A large force of expert me
chanics are now busy putting the
Grand Opera-hoase stage in shape for
the production.
The interpreting cast this season in
cludes Mabel Mortimer, one of the
handsomest* of the younger stage set.
She is portraying the role of Esther,
daughter of the merchant Simonides.
PERSONAL.
E. T. Sterling, a banker of San Jose,
is at the St. Francis. • l <
James T. Dunn of Xew York City is
j registered at th« St. Franc's.
' Harold liaiier, -the celebrated Paris
j i.in pianist, arrived at" the St." "Francis
J yesterday.
Hon. John P. Heard and wife "of Se*
j dalia. Mo., have taken apartments' at
j the Hotel St. Francis. :
R. \V. Baxter, superintendent of the
Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, Is at
j the Palace. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Baxter. They will remain here until
Tuesday.
Colonel John C. Currier, recorder of
the Loyal Legion "and a well-known
i business man of San Francisco, has re
j turned from an extended visit to Bos
ton and Xew York.
Captain and Mrs. Lawrence B. Si
monds, U. S. A., will leave for a sliort
trip East to-morrow night. Mrs. Si
monds will go to Cheyenne to visit rel
atives, while Captain Simonds will
make a short stay in Chicago.
Samuel G. Fulton, who recently re
signed his position as assistant gen
eral freight* manager of the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, with head
quarters at Portland, Ore., has taken
up his residence in this city. For the
winter months Mr. and Mrs. Fulton
will reside at the Hotel Baltimore.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Alley and Mrs.
J. L. Stockton of Chicago are in San
I Francisco and have apartments at the
St. Francis. Mr. Alley is a retjred
Chicago railroad owner who spends his
winters in California, and he has re
cently built a beautiful home at Monte
cito, near Santa Barbara,
chants' National Bank of Santa Monica,
is stopping at the Palace.
W. H. Allderdice. United States navy,
is registered at the. Palace.
W. H. Whitter is up rrom Los Angeles
and is. stopping at the Palace.
J. P. O'Brien of the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company at Portland is
at the Palace. .
George F. Doty, cashier of the Mer-
Frank E. Ellis, a numismatist of St.
Lcuis, is stopping at the Palace.
R. B. Lpuis, wife and oo'y; F. H.
Whurster and wife, both of St. Louis; J.
B. Adams and wife of Indianapolis and
S. Haldoin of Butte are among those reg
istered at the Palace.
F. W. Bradley, who is interested lt\
the lumber business in Bay City, Mich.,
Is at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
W. E. Crotherß of San Jose, William P.
Donnelly of Chico and Norman E. Doan
of Hanford are registered at the Palace.
Cnlifornians In IVe^T York.
XEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The following
Californlans are in Xew York: From
San Francisco — J. M. Israel, at the Se
ville; W. L. Parlmer and wife, at the
Algonquin; C. Stallman. at the Hoff
man; F. E. Boland, at the Grand Union;
J. E. Maple, at the Breslln; W. H. Vin
cent, at the Herald 'Square; C. Ft. Beit
ler, at the Imperial; C. Burnham, at
the Bartholdi; A. X. Kellogg, at the
Astor; J. P. Maason, at the Kensing
ton; E. McCoy, at the Grand; D.- H.
Roberts, at the Imperial; J. F. Sheri
dan, at the Astor{ W. L. bpencer, at the
Breslln.
From Los Angeles — C. C. Bowen, at
the St. Denis; O. E. Loeber, at the Al
bert; R. W. Richardson, at the Gilsey.
Sau Frant-lipaim In Part*.
PARIS, Oct. 14. — Jules. Mrs. and Miss
Helene and Miss Florence Levy, of San
Francisco registered at the Herald bu
reau to-day. >;:•'
Slnnlc at Golden Gate Park.
The following selections will be ren
dered by the Golden Gate Park Band
to-day:
PART I.
"Star-Spans.cd Banner."
March "Coast Defender" Leon M. Lan«
O\ertu're, "Hungarian Lustspiel" ...Kelerßela
Waltz 'Wedding of the Winds" Hall
8010 for flute, fantasia, "Wie Schoen Birt Du."
Signor A. Lombardo.
SelccUon from "Attila" Verdi
PART 11.
Overture. ••Semiramide" Rossini
(a) Intermezzo, "Cavalleria Rusticana" . . .
Mascagnl
(b) march, "American Citizen"... .......
..Hon. E. E. Schmitz
Selection, "The Prince of Pilsen".... ..Ludera
Paraphrase" "Loreley"' ........ ...... Nesvadba
••International Consres*" .......... .....Sousa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1905.
Cloak and Suit House
.... 1 234 MARKET STREET....
' \u25a0 '* '. . '\u25a0 ; . . ' ' .
< . 'T^HESE coats are all samples, from
1 New York, and show in them , art
•that is beyond description. They
. -. ' are of the three-quarter style, of all the
• Ulir latest cloths, and come in a great variety
Famous of colors. . They are fur lined and just
•the thing for the auto.. d» *}£% f\i\
Auto Coat •.•••• .......... $^U.UU
- If you haven't the price of an auto
buy the coat tor $20.00 and then save up
for the machine.
•\u25a0'\u2666TpHESE garments are the swellest cre-
1 ations of the age, and our tailors have
put into them not-alone, skill, but
>_, have given them individuality x that puts
*ne us i n the lead of all San Francisco mer-
Paddock . eh^ ts -. \u25a0 \u25a0 / . fV /
.. We give you these beautiful creations
Sl|it# lii all colors and fabrics, and'at prices that
will pay you to inspect. Prices on these
suits are from ' . , .
$ 1 7.50 to $45.00
WHEN we speak of Panamas' we',
want you to understand we're not
talking hats, for that's' not our
m , business. When we. say Panamas we
DICCK , mean s ki r ts. \ • '.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
jy n Black, blue and brown are the colors
rananias ou | iave to select from, and the styles
are too numerous to men- q» c f%(\
tion. The prices of these arc yJ«VV
$7.50, $8.50, $10.00 and $12.00.
'^ \u25a0^S^rEa^^a^Ba^aßßH^3|
o*^ 1142-1146 Market Street
PANAMAS
Your husband has a Panama, why not you?
By our Panamas we mean Skirts, and for Monday we will show
a great variety of styles.
These Skirts come in pleated, panel pleated, trimmed' with but-
tons, and cluster pleated, and arc of the best Panama cloths.
Prices, $5-00 to $12.50
WALKING SKIRTS:
. A day at the beach is sure to be an enjoyable one and a delight-
ful outing if you have on one of pur Walking Skirts. ;. . '
The cloths are Cheviots, Serges. Fancy Novelties, Scotch
Tweeds, Homespuns and Panamas. , '•.
These Skirts come in all colors and. at prices ranging from
$3.i,0 to $7.50
B.LACK ETAMINES
When in our store onMonday be. sure and ask to see our Black
Etamine Skirt, and you will be surprised to see what Sroioo will do
in our Skirt Department. These Skirls are of the best material,
trimmed with taffeta silk bands , and silk medallions and have a drop
skirt of the best quality silk taffeta.
$10.00
This is a Monday Special only.
Board a. Clinrltl*« Keport.
The State Board .of -Charities makes
the following report as to the number
of inmates in the various institutions
of the State: State School at Whittle,
10»; State School at lone, 200; State
Hospital at Stockton, 1009; Hospital at
Napa, 1491; Hospital at Agnews, 1063;
Hospital at Mendocino, 667; Hospital in
Southern California, 833; Home for
Feeble-Minded, Eldrldgo. 550. State
prisons — San Quentin, 1528; Folsom.
105 S. This report does not'include 267
persons out on parole. ,
"I have been using Casewets for In«omnla. \ritli
vhicu I have been afßleted for over nrt-uiy y<-ur»,
and I can say that Cascnr> j U have (r- v <'» lni raora
reli«f than liny other remedy I liavo ever tried I
Bhnll certainly recommend them to' my frieudo ca
beiae all they are represented."
Thos- Gillard. £Wn; HL
. l^k^. ,: CANDY CATHARTIC _^^^
" Pleatsnt', Palatable, Potent, Taste Good. Do Good, I
KoTcr Sicken. Weaken or Gripe. 10c. 25e. 50e. Nnve»
sold in hulk. Th» vnuine tablet stamped OCC.
Guaranteed to care or your znouey back.
' Sterling Remedy Co.,' Chicago or N.Y. 597
ANNUAL SALE. TEH MILLION BOXES
H§y ward for U-fs than $10 a menth
ffln Electric road to pass through fßm
EM solutely matchless in location: mm
K;4 crease in value. \u25a0 ThPsse lots fila
K^A will soon t>e worth $1000 each ''B&R
J&JS^ r J'"l^ AFFLICTED.
, To prove the wonderful
OiiA'iL fit \u25a0 curfl ti vp rower of the
RS?»S^m New French sj-sttm we
§«»»* O«l. ' wl " elVe a fr ' c trlal
paywal ¥f&j* treatment at offlce.
|1|8|&!L/ %S& Dm. Bolte & Loha.
Ko^Ql>^' Chronic diseases, Stom-
WsfiEESSBM ' tJV^ * acn > Kidney Troubles and
w JLIZ- Nervous Weakncf>s.
\u25a0^ . . 210 -Powell. : Room, B.-,
P. J. Reilly - - - - Judge
Jas F. Grace - V - Sl.pper
TO=DAY
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15th
California Futurity
Champion and Reserve
Stakes
100— courses— 100
' TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townserid streets at 10:30
a. m.. returning: at 6:05 p. m. Special «l«ctrlc
car leaves Fifth and Market itreeu at 0 a. m.
Admission - - 25 Cents
A HlKh-Cla*s Entertainment E very Aft-
ernoon and Evening in the Theater.
SENORrARNOLDO
Anil Hi* Troupe : of .Inprunr*. Panthera"
nnd ! Ijeopiird!*; De Graiv Trio; Lnncy
nnd Schivartxt I'ctronella D'Arvllle;
* Maoauley < nnd Uonnvani Alias Leona
. .Clifton mill the AniiiuiluHcop^. .
\ VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD!
RIDE * ON THE CIRCLE SWING ! '
I.\u25a0 AM ATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY t
ADM15510N. ...... 10a | CHILDREN.... V.V.80
- See the Babies in the Infant Incubators..
:- •\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' -•\u25a0• AMUSEMENTS. -. ' _ - :
\u25a0 . \u25a0 • ' ."- '.y'vl:-- i i'-3 1 ' s
I VVeek Commencing THIS AFT-'i;
1 ERNOON, Oct. 15. j
Sensation and Fun I !
[WIRELESS TELEGRfiPHYi
\ Demonstrated by CAPTAIN BLUM. \
, Direct From the London Hippodrome, '
I THREE NEVAROS I;
\ Equilibrists. Par Excellence. '
"The Wizards of Joy." ' '\u25a0'
RAYMOND and GAVERLY;
] Noted German Comedians and Parody ,
i|.. \u25a0 . \u25a0 Slnsers. 1
; i DEAN ARTHUR ;
j! EDSALL and. FORBES ji
V In-- Miss EdsaU's ' One-Act ' Comedy |
;- , "THE TWO RUBIES." - f .'!
Last Week and Laughing: Success "f !
; BERT ROBERT L. ;
LESLIE AND OAILEY
1 In Their Lauthtng Success. "GO- 1
I * ING ABROAD." \
|l| MELANI TRIO |
; Famous Street Singers and Musicians. |>
BROWNING and WALLY
! -Nbveity Aerial Artists. ;|
;! ORPHEUM MOTION PICTURES j!
1 ! • Showine the Latest Novelties. '
' Last Week of the. Talk of the Entire '!
I Community, t . ' \<
ji ARTHUR PRINCE
I The World's Greatest Ventriloquist \
1 Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, '',
I . Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. |
|| Prices — lCc. 25c and 50c. '
ORPHEUM— Sjieciii-
. FRIDAY AFTERNOON, OCT. 27,
j At 1 O'Clork Shnrp.
SEVENTH A.\MJAL BENEFIT
Under the Auspices of the -
Associated iheatrical Managers
OF SAX FRANCISCO
In Aid of Their
CHARITY FUND
Pevoted to the Relief of the Sick and Needy In
the • Profession. ...
• .Mounter Cuutinuona Performance.
\u25a0 . . Talent From
Columbia Theater
Grand Opera-Hoanc
California Theater
'-\u25a0• : Orpheum
i~i ad Ale«T,ar =>ju aiinvr ntV^'j
\u25a0 ;* «--^lyo!LOpera-Hoa««-
\u25a0' • V. Central Theater
Chutes
T'ckets now on sale at the box offices of the
above theaters. ' "^ \u25a0 ' . ' i '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0':
ffYSSIC MSJEJL
SStoi 119 EDDY ST. MfILABOVE MASON
Next .Monday and Thuritday Nishta,
October 16 nnd 10.
SATURDAY' 1 MATINEE. OCT. 21.
HAROLD
PIAN'ST
Reserved Seats. $2.' $1 00 and $1. Now on
sale at • Sherman. Clay 4 Co.'s. • 1
. . . -Mason and. Hamlln Piano IJsed. .
EXTRA! EXTRA!! EXTRA!!!
•." MME. \u25a0
»^^ EmIVI A
ASgISTED BY . ' '
Mil.* EMILJO DX GOGORZA :Barytone
MR. JOSEF HOLLMANN. .Violoncellist
MR. AMHERST- WEBBER .Pianist
ALHAMBRA THEATER
THURSDAY NIGHT. OCT. 28.
SATURDAY 3IATINEE, OCT. 2S. !
Seat.-. $\u25a0}. $2. $1 50 and $U Ready next
Thursday. Oct. lt>. at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s,
where Complete Progrr.mmen may, be obtained.
Baldwin Piano Used.
W* 1 ; QUSH STREET
* PHONE MAIN 127. ,
.' ' CHAS,. P. HALL X Manager.
Fnrewell Performanoe» Twice To-Day
of SAM DE V'ERE'S BURLESQUE CO.
A Big; Event— To-morrow Ni^ht.
:\u25a0;.// First Time in This City of • .
"MAY HOWARD'S
EXTRAVAG A> ZA CO."
'.la ''•Kile. Fi-M" an 1 ''The Rounders"
'''.. Evenlnjr Prices, 15c to Tsc-
Matinees. Tuesday, Friday. Sat. and Sun., 25cL
i) Next .Week— "The Star Show Glrlw."
• f. s~i a f~g a ITIk \u25a0 Belasco- & Mayer,
A I fl .A/ A X Proprietors.
iiiJUALliiii E. D. Price.
' \u25a0 \u25a0' Business Manager.
matineeto-daV*
AND LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES
All Fun', and Nothing Else. . '.'~^.l~
TO-MORR OW NIGIIT-OXE .WEEK.
• Superb Production Winston Churchill's
THE CRISIS
A Romance of the Civil War.. ./
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat., Sun.. 25c to 50c.
Oct. 23 — First v Time in This City of Sol
Smith Russell's , . . .; \u0084
APRIIi WEATHER.
Market Street. Near Eighth; Opp. City Hail.
Phone South 533.:
THIS' AFTERNOON AND: EVENING.
LAST TIMES OF "THE ; WHITECAPS."
Commencing . TO-MORROW EVENING.
All Week — Matinees' Sat. . and Sunday.' '
Enormous Scenic Production of the Thrilling
• : , ' -Melodrama, *, • : .
Tracked Around the World
One Hundred People *on J.the 'Stase.
Gorgeous Scenery— Pleasing Specialties.- •
' Popular '^Prices — Evenings,,. 10c to 60c. ,
... Matinees. . lOc.'i 15c, ' 25c. ,
NEXT— THE GIRL ENGINEER."
Tgrand opera house I
Z Matinee TO-DAY! I
Thirteenth Annual Tour of Jacob Lltt'H Incomparable Company In the tj
Most Popular American Play Ever Written.
No Sunday Pcrforrnances. Matinees Wed. and Sat.
Oet; 30 to Nov. 11
Gottlob. Marx A Co. and the Grand ' Opera-Hoane Co. Presemt £
| The KLAW ®> ERLANGER. CO. (Inc.)
I Stupendous Production of C£N. WALLACE'S. Mighty. PIay
SIXTEEN HORSES IX THE THRILLING BEN-HUR CHARIOT RACE.
SEAT SALE STARTS OCT. 26 I
PRICES— S2, $1:50, $1, 75c and. sOc Matinee Prices Same as Evening. H
! Mall orders for seats promptly filled when accompanied by remittances and* m
t.. self-addressed . Btamrfd envelope for reply, after regular sale opens. Address H. H. £|
I , Campbell,. Business Manager. . Grand Opera-House, San Francisco. . ' H
l^*rtl" SIR9BI A m f m ™ i BEGINNING /F~T"~:>*
*&*Uf %z%£tffl%E&vs* tL*.D!SG lfflfZi To-Morrow Night. s
SECOND AND V> | |^ A TU/>T> L-\ST
LAST WEEK LLLnIIUK MAT. SAT.
"MereSy^laryAon" M IV
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT, October 22
•"—^ANDREW MACK
F-'eFLs^^ "TOM MOORE"
' Hear the Sons Hits as Rendered by Mr. Mack.
GRAND OPERA
TO-NIGHT,
> LATk^VIaTA
With TETRAZZINI. Copola. Gregorettl.
rESDAY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATINBB
U i<bl £*<.": Dl SIVIGLIA
With TETRAZZIXI. Bazelll. Gregorettl.
Dado. Cervl. • ;\ ;
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS.
> CARMEN
Ith. ALICE COLMAN. Tlccl. Copola, Moreo»'
Cervl.
THURSDAY NIGHT.
* >OMNAMBUwA
With Bazelll. Gresoratti.
FRIDAY NIGHT.
OT£LLO •. \u25a0---<: -;Z'i
With Petrella. Grasse. Angloletti, Salaasa.
< SUNDAY NIGHT.
RlGii-ETTO
"With- TETRAZZINI, Bazelll, GregoretU.
\u25a0Ua'd!i"SftLEFJB a LLPcBfO.iy*HGES
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
• 1 25c Everywhere.
TO-NIGHT— Laat Performance at
BARNEY BERNARD ,
IN
. "HUMBUG"'
-Morrow Night— Paul Leicester Ford's Ef-
fectual Story of Colonial Life.
JANICE MSREDITH..
Vo~ follow'— Frank Bacon In the ' "County
lr " Soon — "The Light Eternal."
rotnlng— "lf I "Were" King.""
ruesday. Oct. 17 — Benefit Darina Parlor No.
>. Native Daughters of the Golden West.
"~~ "" THE I
PALACE
HOTEL
Compreaed Air cleaning plant.
ncom telephones. |
: Steam , beat and open fires.
. Perfect ventilation, . j
Pipe organ and orchestra.
"\u25a0 Perfect : service. '
Unexcelled cuisine.
Every luxury attainable. . . .
In^ieside
Coursing
r_arj\
EME R V
SATURDAY
and SUNDAY
Beginning at 11:30 Saturday
and 10:30 Sunday
JOHN W. - 5UTT0N .............. Judge
HARRY MURRAY Slipper
Guerrero-st. ears direct to Park for one /ar*.
\u25a0 /^bEWEY.sn^B&ca> r % L .
(1 \u25a0 J
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS, THK
Great • Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
3536
"KING OF THE BUMS" COMMITS
SILLY ACT OF IMPRUDENCE.
In these stirring time* of political strife
%tA Us resultant relaxation of the lines
of sociai distinction Edward Skelly. who
Is said to glory in hJs pseudonym of
"King of the Bums." imagined he could
eafe!y treat the law and its uniformed
ir.:amatiens with a semi-contemptuous
familiarity that certainly would be un
safe if indulged in the day after elec
tion. So he etood upon a sidewalk at
Sacramento and Kearny streets and con
veyed great amusement to a gToup of his
tatterdemalion comrades by vociferating
these words at Patrolman "Gus" Skelly
as that active and intelligent officer was
•walking his beat: .
"Hi there, namesake! You're Skelly.
<!e common cop. and I'm Skeliy. de King
o' <Je Bums. I makes an' breaks cops.
I does. If ye want me address inquire of
any voter in de Forty-fort Dietr'ck. Dey
* knows Skelly, de kingpin politician.
It'm Skelly. de King of de Bums wld
rotes to burr., dats taikin t' Skelly. de
pore ordernary cr>p. D'ye hear me, Skel
ly?"
Skelly did hear him. both astonished
and dismayed him by resenting the af
front Just as if there was no such thing
a? an election due within three weeks,
"tt^en he was booked as a peace dis
turber the Monarch of the Vagrants asked
the desk sergeant for enlightenment as
tn wotineli the town is coming to, any
way.
• -I was drunk. Judge." he pleaded to
0^ IiMMNACQ - A---
reduction
j^M^ in prices «i
/^Wf^^^ H^ XTRAORDINARY V^M/
M^^pW^^^ iJzA offcrinc of rcHab ' e v-#M;j
&i£o^^^&-$ f 'i garments, made of
superior quality of silk; W^g
best make and finish. -^-p
$450 This season's most ap-
proved styles. The opportunity of the year to procure styl-
ish petiicoats in all fashionable colors at much less than
Sale will commence to-morrow, at 8:30 a. m. sharp.
LOT I— LADIES' CHIFFON TAFFETA SILK UN-
DERSKIRTS; in ail the new and popular shades; circular
ruffle trimmed with clusters of tucks. Former S/fl £f\
price $S.SO— SPECIAL H.OV
LOT 2— LADIES' SWISS TAFFETA SILK UNDER-
SKIRTS; deep flounce, with accordeon-plaited ruffle at bot-
tom; edged with rose-plaited niching; in fashion- Sff f\»\
able shades. Former price $7.50— SPECIAL O»\MU
LOT 3— LADIES' CHIFFON TAFFETA SILK .UN-
DERSKIRTS; with accordeon-plaited flounce, ruffle trim-
med with two rows of rose-plaited niching; all the latest
shades. Former price $9.OO— SPECIAL Q£X
fl N this depart- msST \ iPSfy S S O R T- :
15 ment will be »&jti* " M\fi MENT l vari-
-'' found (the ' -4Xa» e d and select
choicest Euro- I^^ ar) d P r » ces very rea-
pean and do- S "^>.' sonable considering
mestic garments. ~^ £ I'!^^ the superior quality
Distinctive styles /y^fefe^^^. of the goods,
not procurable Mj f f \ \\^i '
elsewhere. - • \u25a0 •\u25a0---
LADIES' SACQUES — Made of German flannel;. various
styles; effectively trimmed: *1.00, $I.ZX, ?1.50 arid up.
FRENCH FLANNEL SACQUES— Neatly embroid-
ered; newest styles; in all colorings; $2. 50, $3.00, $3.75,
$4.50, $5.00 and upwards. ._
SILK SACQUES— Complete line made of Lyons. India.
Messaline, Marveleau, Crepe de Chine and Chiffon Creoe. in
ill the newest colorings; some hand embroidered, others
trimmed with ribbons and laces; $5.C0, $6.50, . $7.50,
ft 10. 50 and upwards.
LONG KIMONOS — A variety of effective styles: made
of fancy-striped and figured flannel; $1.50, $2.50, $3.00
Complete line of CASHMERE HOUSE WRAPPERS:
some trimmed vrithJancy braid and ribbon, others with laces:
$3.75, $7.50, $9.50, $10.50 and upwards.
918-922 Market Street
No Branch Stores.Store closed Saturdays at 6 p. m.
Imagines "That the" Approach of Election
Assures Immunity t.rom Arrest
Bawls Affront at Policeman and Is Dazed
. by Finding Himself a Prisoner.
JAMES C. CRA WFORD.
his Honor Conlan. "and de hug* ain't ,
out of me- brain yit."
"I'll remarui you til! Monday,'.' said 'the
Court, -and regardless of whether you
arc then drunk or sobsr I shall reduce
you from a throne to common humhood."
Jt was the third time Patrolman Skel
ly had arrested his disreputable name
sake,' who* neither physically nor sar
torially bciies his royal title.
After two weeks of "renewed * effort to'
enjoy .life- on : her 1 ,aged ; husband's ,' hpg.
ranch '. at" Oolma 'young ; Edna Witthell
<cclored). ; stole silently. r av/a>v .und lpixmg*f£
into ii\c questionable pjea'sures. obtainable
on the Barbary Coast.!-'.?': ' .' : •
"Ah liain't tell w'.at's. got inted do
chile's head.-' Mr.. Mitchell plaintively fcfW
formed Judge .'Cabanfss> "Ahve Sho' bW
a kine en kinHdrit husban.'- en w'en sue
wanted fo' dollars teh b.uy' a dress Ahj
gey "er he money at vi-uncfr, en away she
gofs a-kitin- en blows V 4t In fo' booze in
de dance halls." . - . \u25a0 •, »coVi
"It's the' c!d story of December and Mas
mated." sighed his Honor , -and 1" confess |
inability, to alter it."' , j /'•/'•
"Pe'haps ef yo'd giv .'er a- good talkin
to ehe-d refohm.' vile old man suggest
c "Tm- afraid it would be .counsel: wast- I
cd." said the court. ;"^r Judge Conlan
and Judge Fritz have talked to her in
vain. In my opinion, the best thing 101,1 01 ,
you to do is tb let her go her P^ferred.
way. I'ou (Wtainly have abundant *
crounds for divorce." ' f • "I
Mr Mitchell scratched his gray wool
a moment .and then announced intention
t.. adopt the Judge's advice ,X.m teh
think ob et." he said, -'dah s many
v.lmmin indis yah wuld ter Justlf> me .
a-wastin' mah money en 'fection on ,^
woman. AhMl tek yo' ;vlce. Jedge cii ,
she kin go back to de Coas' and stay dah
'S-^pea^dl^urba-nce.eharge again* j
Mrs Mitchell rvus thendismissed^ •. j
\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0' ••-.•' '
"Id vas coot fer him." said Henry
Schmltz. alluding; to Antone Guttman.
"dot I remempers mine vife und fem
b!y In dime."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, -''OCTOBER 15, 1905.
: ; "Please . explain.'.' Judge Ca-;
baniss.' * . \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0. •
; "Veil. . mo ; und. ' him . vas ": blayin' ;
pjDochiemid^ca'rds, und he vms ei^lnl
tollars. und I soospegds he sheats me,
und I says vod I'm ropped. Den he oops
mid his fist uud schwipes me Yon on
der chatv, Y und der beoples vod vas
\u25a0errount shouds. 'Go after him, Chef r
rics.' urid I goes after him, und yen
1 has mine fist oop ter squash him 1
things of mine vife und fenibly, un« I
don'd squash him. I gets him arresded
unshttad." v
"1b the court to infer that you re
1 trained from striking because you sud
! denly realized that your blow might
I be fatal to its recipient and that your
! wife and family woulid be deprived of
: maintenance M-hile you were incarcer-,
i ated for manslaughetr?"
"Dot vas Id." '
Mp. Schmitz would have outweighed
two Mr. Guttmans, and as the Judge sur
veyed the vast -physical contrast he ap
proved Mr. Schmitz's discretion and mar
veled at Mr. Guttman's intrepidity.
"If he had returned your blow," said
his Honor to the little man, "where
would you bo now?"
' Mr. Guttman murmured that when an
gered he never paused to estimate the
avoirdupois of the provoker of his anger,
but struck out Instanter. , <Not • even
James J. Jeffries himself. Mr. Guttman
added, could call him a thief and escape
a blow. It might be his final blow, Mr.
Guttman said in conclusion,, but it would
be delivered, just the same.' <
"I'll continue this case one month,"
quoth the Judge, "and hope that discre
, tlon ..and- valor may become reunited ad
Interim."
\u25a0 :':* : --- • •
\u25a0Mm. C Bpdmer. who : 'manages ' an
apartment-house at "1510 Pine street,
admitted to Judge Mogan that one
\u25a0evening last week she turned off the
g-as purrent to her. hostelry and. soon
afterward turned it on again, thereby
unintentionally; seini-asphyxlating Mrs.
C. Bower, wife of a rnotorruan. as she
slept in her room. ..' :
The gas was iighetd and Mrs. Bower
awoke when Mr. Bower" went out, but
she dropped Into slumber while'await
ing hia return, and when he did re
turn the jet was pouring deadly monor
ide into the apartment, and hi» better
half was unconscious. He had Mrs.
Bodrru.r arrested for. having violated an
ordinance which, prohibits .the turning
ofT at the meter of gas by any person
, other than the agent of the gas com
; pany.
Mrs. Bodmer pleaded Ignorance of the
ordinance alluded to. and stated" that
she turned^off the gas- to prevent its
extravagant waste by persons who left
it blazing In the 'toilet and bathroom.
On the evening in question she did not
know that -the Jet in the' Bower, apart
meut was ablaze an-d that Mrs. Bower
slept. ..'-
Patrolman J. J. Barker has. been sum
moned to appear in court to-morrow
and tell what ht knows about the turn
ing off of the gas.
Mrs. Irene Wildganz of 366 Clemen
tina street was accused of battery by
- Mrs. Florence Roach of S64, Clementina
street, and Mrs. Roach' told Judge Ca
baniss that sho. was. unprovokedly at
tacked by. -Mrs. £ Wlldgranz-. and that
lady's 1 5-year-old daughetr. both of
whom hauled and pulled her around in
<a\post shameful way.
"Why did you do it?" the Judge ask
ed Mrs. Wildganz.
Mrs. Wildganz dramatically pro
duced and spectacularly ' displayed a
wisp of detached human hair. "She and
her daughter, plucked that from daugh
ter's head," ehe vociferated, waving the
evidence. * * ; .. \u25a0. ;. v
"The odds seem to be about even.V
quoth the Jud^e. "and I'll dismiss the
case. Either of you ladies can win re
pute for peace-loving by removing your
household from the 300 block of Clem
entina street." * . .;
\u25a0 G. W. Howe, who advertises that in re
turn for aj $12 fee he is ready to, bring
about the severance of.- the marital bond
with neatness. and dispatch and also free
dom, from" unnecessary publicity, had a
rather; uncomfortable quarter of an hour
in Judge Mogan's court, where he ap
.peared as complaining witness in the case
of Francis J. Week, accused of malicious
I mischief, battery and assault to do great
bodily, harm. He was forced to confess
that*the Superior Court of San Fran
cisco had disbarred him from practice be
fore it.
It was in response to Mr. Howe's ad
vertisement that Mr.. Week, recently from
;the interior of. the State, went to the
office at 1122 Market street and engaged
the service of Mr. Howe to. obtain a di
vorce, and he paid $20 for such" service.
Then, he alleges, Mr. Howe demanded
an additional $5 for. advertising suit,
also $5 to defray the cost of fillngMt. and
when Mr. Week refused to pay either
of 'the sums ! mentioned _ and demanded
that his ?20 be returned to him/ Mr.
'Howe .undertook ..to*, forcibly^ eject .him
from the offlce. While . resenting ejection
Mr. Week was alleged jto have committed
the three offenses. charged against fhim>
\u25a0 ' The hearing, will be resumed to-morrow,
\u25a0 when the complainant's wife may 'be
called to testify.
•• . •
Mrs. John Koss. told Judge Mogan that
her husband compelled .her-, to work 'in
his soap factory at 20S Utah street and thus
support him and their..; child,^ while he
contributed \u25a0 nothing ' than ' his pres
ence to the \u25a0 preservation -of the", house
hold. Mr. Koss pleaded malaria, but the
Judge : pronounced him ; guilty 'as charged
and will sentence him to-day. '-
When > your, skin looks yellow: and' rou
rise in the'morning- with a" badi taste In
your mouth, take -Lash's Bitters. .•
? O'CONNOR:, MOFF ATX (& 'c6.'.-.V,'- ,:-|l' - ;^ O'CONNOR. MOFF ATT (& CO.
WaiStingS • These offerings are season-, , -RkllketS
? pg able v and consist of excellent JLJlClllE±\*iiD
Waist Patterns • :i values. There- is a sale of , '
New designs ,in embroidered white monn f O/ 4 n rpr'c linpn <;nmnip«;
\u25a0lawn:: waist |attcrhs;.for .falf wear: con- manufacturers linen SampieS-
tains embroidered front cuffs and collar, that gives 3. wide Variety Of WhltC WOOI DicLTIKCtS
-with \u25a0- material 'for making.-.-, • - .rr ' • ' , , " • , , , , , *
;.. : ; Each -\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 %M tete designs: in table coverings; Full for double beds. A
xin--*. \Y7 • - waistings that^ will appeal to- P air » $ s*oo-;5 * 00 -
; White W.aistings . , j i»
: '\t^?^^^^v^^^ every woman; and our annual Wool B ! ankets
, white fall waistings; dots, stripes 'and fall Sale of blankets that IS One VYmLC WOUIU-dUAUI,
fancy figures on new weaves. :-l '\u25a0\u25a0 ~ \u25a0 \u25a0 ' r .. p or ri nn ui p HpHq* n trnnd «;ervice-
VrA - of the strongest attractions of ;J-or aouwe beds, a gooa, sennce-
; r • 35c\Yard ,_,',_, \u25a0 iL • able quality. A pair, $6.00,
it- t /t j-di 1 the department during the year.
I Embroidered rlannels \u25a0••..- F \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, \u25a0 \u25a0.. s \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0 M
\ of! white and colored em : „ ,f y \u25a0 : . OregOll WOOI BlanketS
skirting flannels in ? dainty^ pat- $&? Ix^'i f-if 4 (3 c\i iYPY <J -^ « , >; ' \ \u0084. t
Items from 1 -to 3 finches .deep, hem-.. .IVianuiaplUlrCT^ b 70x82; a blanket that will clean
\u25a0 stitched and scalloped edges, . . ; . T.* ' ; Q^t-nisl/>c and wear well. A pair, $7.50.
$1.25 Yard i^ioen oampieb
'FWci Down Fiannel -i a jimited quantity of ;manufac- Oregon Wool Blankets
.Tieece uown r.annei , ? turer's Damask • Dinner Cloths. 5
Large variety of patterns in best qual- cj ni c-hed borders and latest designs Very heavy, 72x84. A pair, $8.50.
ity .fleece down, for wrappers, sacques r »
and kimorias ; fast colors and all shades ; 2% yards long, \u25a0 :-«.• f , \u25a0»•»\u25a0» « rjt *
dots, figures and Persian effects. /A 1 tj—t Aft Australian WOOI JDlanketS
\dc laro -r T r Very fine and soft, 70x80 in.,
". 3 . yards lon £' with wide silk binding. A pair,
LAtlcns , Cp^UU ana ; $y.50.
Table Lin*n F^ "l Australian Wool Blankets
Special value in heavy bleached %s'7£fiP£'&24SL^ \ Extra fine quality and extf^
table damask; pure linen and 66 *JLJL large Size; with Wide Silk bind-
inches wide; all desirable patterns. j jncr. Pink, blue, red and yellow
: A Yard, 75c t V^ BL f%^ \^ 0 % borders. A pair, $14.00.
Napkins , 6 'J) -Oregon Wool Blankets
.F,ull. size all linen bleached dinner 'ill*^lOl H^vo* Ctvj»#»* : '-
napkins, variety of pretty designs. " .:. 1111OI£J FOM OllCu Three-quarter size. At, a pair,
'.'A Dozen, $2.50 ! Send for FaU and Winter Catolo S ac. . \ $5.00 and $6.00
PRELATE OPENS
CHURCH FAIR
Archbishop Montgomery opened St.
Joseph's Church Fair -last night at St.
Joseph's Hall. Tenth and Howard
streets. A large crowd was present.
Bishop Montgomery delivered a stir
ring address and requested all to work
with a will. y
The funds raised &\ the fair will go
toward the building of a new convent,
to be known as the Holy Name Convent.
The new building will be situated next
St. Joseph's Church, and when com
pleted will be an imposing and lasting
monument to the generosity of the
Catholic people. The fair will last a
month. x
An excellent programme- was ren
dered last night. Father Mulligan
spoke warmly of the cherished- desire of
his parish to build a- convent. The
League of the Cross orchestra rendered
the music. A good time was" enjoyed
by all. and many carried away valuable
prizes won in the, raffles. f^vV \u25a0
CROWD AT SACRED HEART FAIR.
Pretty Girl Present h Bouquet to Mayor
Schmitz.
Sacred Heart Church Fair was opened
last night and the basement of the
church, where it is being held, was crowd
ed until the doors were- closed. Mayor
Schmitz was among those who attended.
He was presented with a bouquet by Miss
Eva Crowley, one of the prettiest girls
on the floor. Father McQuaide, the pop
ular pastor of Sacred : Heart, made ail
visitors at home. The \u25a0 following named
were in charge of the various booths:
St. Anthony booth— President, Mrs. John
Greene; secretary, Mrs. Annie Dwyer; as
sistants—Mrs. Murasky, Mrs. Dwyer,
Mrs. Lough. Mrs. Chirm, Mrs. Lynch,
Mrs. J. Ward; Mrs. McCloskey and the
Misses Green and Long. .
Sacred Heart booth— President, Mrs. M.
Supple; secretary, Miss K. Supple; as
sistants—Mrs. Rollins, Mrs. McPherson,'
Mrs.' S. Munson, Mrs. O'Sullivan, Mrs.
Holmes, Mrs. .Hermance, Mrs. Corbett,
Mrs/ Quigley, Mrs. Dunnigan, Mrs. Har
pendlng. and the Misses A. Rollins, 1 M.
Corbett, A. and- M. Supple, M. Shea. M.
O'JBrien, M.,andS. r McHugh, -M. and F.
Madden, M. Dolan and G. Harponding.
St. Patrick's booth— President, Mrs. A.
Hayes; secretary, Miss M.. Hayes; as
sistants—Mrs. Charles Collins, Mrs. T.
Brady, Mrs. W. Hancock, Mrs. . Milton
Hayes, Mrs. Hoburg, and the Misses Ag
nes Gately. A. Hayes, A. Delehanty," E.
Hayes, T. Laurey, . M. Graney ,A. :Mc-
Cann, IC. Delehanty, -L.Nunan. R.Robi
nson, and M.R. and Margaret An
thony.
St. Joseph's booth— President; Mrs.
James Smith; secretary. Miss M. Pur
cell; assistants— Mrs. J. Wren. Mrs. . Sul
livan, Mrs. McVey,' Mrs. Towey. Mrs. T.
Fowler,. Mrs. M. Brady, Mrs. M. J. Cos
tello, Mrs. Baker, Mtb. Winters, and the
Misses M. Connolly, E. Wren, i C. Jep- t
son, M."; Kerns,. S.. Kane, K. Sullivan. :K.
Flynnand M. Smith.
' Parochial School booth— President,- Mrs.
Daniel Byrne; secretary. Miss R. Mul
cahy; aaslstants-j-Mrs: G. . W.I Flood,. Mrs.
D.' . lialpin,^ Mrs. ' D. Jacobs, Mrs. G. : W.
Sieberllch. Mrs. -'J.~ H. O'Brien. Mrs. H.
Kugelberg, Mrs. T.< Mannlx, and the
Misses L. A. Glynn, M. Burke,-M. Stack;
L'Jand T.. Byrne, Ai Mahoney and M.
Winters.. ' , '\u25a0- \ :\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 ~i'', : r- ' .. \ , \u25a0\u25a0- r '
St. Ann's booth— President;*" Mrs. Wil
liam Shaughnessy;* secretary. Mrs. /John
Brennan; assistants— Mrs.jJ.Looney,' Mrs.
Frost, Mrs. Cashman; Mrs. \u25a0Williamson,
Mrs. Murphy. Mrs.. E. J • Duffy. Mrs.' Wil
liam Hannigan, Mrs. Flanniga'n, ' and the
Misses \u25a0 Atkinson, Burke, Ryan : v and
O'Keefe. ;V; V -'\u25a0 '•' ".\u25a0
Holy - Name * booth^Prcsident, ' Mrs.
1 John.' G. Liebert; secretary, Miss \u25a0 K_-
Hayes; assistants— Mrs. L. V. Merle. Mrs.
T. Brady, Mrs. gdward Nolan, Mrs. Dev
lin, Mrs. A. D. McDonald, the Misses
Hayes, - G. ; McDermott, . ,D. . Merle. . M..
Merle, E. Liebert, E. Corrigan and H.
Jeannleaux.
Immaculate Conception booth—Presi
dent. Mrs. James Fleming; secretary.
Miss M. Finn; assistants— Mrs. Slattery,
Mrs. Glynn, Mrs. Doble, Mrs. Ambrose,
Mrs. Treacy, and the Misses Shannon,
Slattery, Higgins, Glynn, Butler. O'Don
nell and Connors.
St. Aloysius. booth— President. Mrs.
Daniel Sullivan; secretary-, Miss Ella
Mahoney; assistants— Misses D. and J.
Moran, Misses S. and C. Keenah, Mrs.
Johnson, Mrs. Knorp, and the Misses M.
and E. Dundon, M. and A. Devine, M.
Fitzgiblon, G. Sullivan, G. Muller, E.
Ewing. E. Kelly and M. Curran.
Children of Mary booth— President.
Mrs. JrC. O'Connor; secretary. Miss J.
McCarthy; assistants— Mrs. C. O'Connor,
Mrs. Nolan, Mrs. McKenzie, Mrs. Kugel
berg, the Misses M. Gallagher, G. . Gan
non, M. Connolly, J. Hayes. K. Allen. M.
O'Brien L. Reynolds, A. Moersch, M.
White. M. Wilgus, V. Smith, C. Shea. E.
Windele. J. Cappage, Agnes Connelly,
Loretta Murphy, Belle Halerhy, Julia Mc-
Carthy, Genevieve Campbell, Rose Mc-
Keon, Olive Zlms and Nelie Hubert. .
Refreshment booth— President. Mrs.
Robert Crowley; assistants— Mrs. P.
Foleyand the Misses J. and E. Bigley,
Nellie Foley, Ixene and lone Glennon,
and Eva, Helen and Ada Crowley.
CROWDS ATTEND FAIR.
Ladles of St. Fraucln Church Give Fine
Musical Programme.
Large crowds nave been gathering at
St. - rancis fair in the basement of the
church, corner of'Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue, ever since the fair
opened, a week ago last Friday even
ing. Special games and a fine musical
programme have been : given nearly
every night. ~>x .~
The fair, which' will continue until
next Saturday night.' is in charge of
the ladies of the ohurch. Those who
are in charge of the different booths
are": St. Francis booth. ; Mrs. Charles
McFeeley; fish pond, Mrs. Walter Eagen;
Sacred Heart, Mrs. M. Palmer; St. Anns,
iurs. M. Stewart; handkerchief, Miss
Alice Power ; Children of Mary, Miss
Jennie -McGlvney ; ' refreshments. Mrs.
W. Nichols; candy. Miss M. Stevenat;
journal, the North' Star, "Frank S.
Drady, editor, and Miss M. Johnston,
assistant. , -^ *
In the contest for the most popular
president of the. Order of
Hibernians, M. J. Pierce stands first and
| P. "Mahoney second.'
Alamedn'* Careo to Be Auctioned.
Greenwich-street wharf has been a
bftsy place the past week. Under the
direction of the insurance adjusters,
Johnson & Higgins, the cargo' of . .the
wrecked Alameda has .been recovered
froni the "hold, and $30,000 v worth . of
merchandise removed to the auction
rooms of Edward S. Spear & . Co., 31
Sutter- street, where it. will be:.of
fered - at auction to-morrow at 10
o'clock a. m. The goods comprise
blankets, muslins, sheetings, hosiery,
calicoes, table linens, silk skirts, cor
sets, towels,' satchels, belts, woolens,
etc , and the sale! will undoubtedly, at
tract a large attendance, particularly
among, merchants, hotel men and
thrifty, housewives. '.-* V
Theatrical '\u25a0 Managers' Benefit.
Great interest attaches to theTseventh
annual a benefit in - aid , of - the charity
fund of 'the Associated Theatrical' Ma
nagers of .San F.rancisco for- v the -sick
and needy- in^the- profession," to take
place- at -the 'Orpheum on': Thursday
afternoon, ', October i 26. The , programme,
which will be continuous,^ willoe up to
and -a- little beyond; the : high standard
established by previous and;slmilar, af
fairs of * this - kind. All •of the \ leading
theaters in the city will be represented
on the' bill." Tickets arc -on \ sale now
atall the theaters^'-' !. .'•-•" 'r~*'-J x
jf.Stoll. dentist; Haisht A Masaalc ay,«
Vorwffflan Club's Entertainment.
The Norwegian Women's Club Nora
gave its third entertainment and ball
last night "at ' Union ' Square Hail, and
a large crowd was present. "Huldre
bakken," a Norwegian play, was capa
bly rendered by some clever people.- The
members of the cast wore national oos
tumes.;. .
Adjust Votlnc Machines In Public.
The voting machines are now being
adjusted In the basement of the City
"Good Shoes" hangs as a sign
W^W^&i^W over our store » "Good Shoes"
B }?$&& M stands at the head of our adver-
J^ : \u25a0•' J:Cfc» Jf tisements. The English tongue
J! ' \u25a0 | -0^- 7 ; as no niore significant word than
/y -« -!@aa I good. "Good" stands as the re-
!ji^ Itoi alization of all the traits and qual-
i^Piik v e&. A es d es * re d m an y article. We
IJliPsk \y^ \ can truthfully and conscientiously
yijl&gßSß^ \^v : % S3 -y t^ ia * : our shoes are good shoes,
KEHBSfrA^^il ior they embod 3 r ali the q« aiit i es
.^^KSS^^\#^M desired of shoes. They are
\u25a0Ijijf/ \S§y^A "good" in fit— comfortable, they
v^^^^M are "& ooc^" n st y^ e — the most ap-
Y9HH^^4 proved, they are "good in wear — !
lll^fcllljsL durable. Kaufmann's shoe 3 are
"^^§S3HBjfcfc- & oo<^ shoes; we can't repeat
that too often, and we can't say
tAbcrce picture illustrates a Lady's Patent Coltskin shoe with dull
hid tops, slightly extended flexible soles, high Cuban heels, to Q Eft
plain toe . i . ... ...... ... OOiOU
'\u25a0We carry the same shoe with hand-turned soles at ftQ rfl
*.
We cany the same style also in kid with ditU tops, plain D Q r(|
toe, high Cuban heel with slightly extended soles .... - Oui OU *
The same styles as above also in lace, either hand- ft Q rft
turned or flexible extended soles - . . . . .. . . • - OwiOU *
These shoes are not to be . confounded with cheaply
t :nade, ill-fitting things, which are named and classed as shoes. \
They are*«the best values in the United States, and no shoe- j!
store in New York or Philadelphia sells better shoes at this \
price; no shoe store in San Francisco sells as good a one. \
Good shoes for children— stylish, comfortable, durable y «
footwear that will please both the little folks and the parents. |
;•..'\u25a0. BBBD^^SI^W >
Mail or der s car efziily filled. % Inquiries cheerfully \
answered. Send for our catalog: )
....^ ;. ' . ..; ;
f-rmrrftirv™ < \u25a0 •• '•
Hall In full vi«w of the public. Tha
machines are being" put In condition for
the election and the entire city will b*
provided with the devices for up-to
date voting.
Yes, ws want to print somethtac »w«tl for
you. Cdw*rd Kbowlm Cbmpasy, 24 Second «••
B&KL.TX. Oct. 14— Tt» strOM ef tb# «loe
trical workers la ended. ' At a conference to
day the geleg&tea of the workinfmes voted ti
accept the associated compeslea' original offer
Of S per cant increase in wages. The result la
• complete victory for the employer*.Pages 37 to 48
6 - RAH! RAH! RAH! CALIFORNIA! - 0
B/we a/zof Go/of Waves Triumphantly Over the Cardinal After An
Babies Give Great
Battle on the
Gridiron.
WILD CHEERS
MARK CONTEST
No One Can Select
a Winner Before
the Close.
VICTORS HA YE
CELEBRATION
PARK WINSLOW
The blue and gold is waving trium
phantly over the cardinal to-day, for
Btarford went down to defeat In the great
football battle for the infant champion
ship. There has never been another
freshman game to compare with the con
tent held on the gridiron at Berkeley yes
terday. Xone could pick a winner up to
the last minute of play. Bui. when the
referee sounded his whistle to announce
the struggle had ended. California had
»• touchdown and a goal and the young
\u25a0ters from Palo Alto had no score.
Then the youths against whose backs
setting sun was shining, leaped over
guard rails In wild delight and car
ried on their shoulders the limp and
happy classmen whose brawn and brains
had gained the glorious victory. In
serpentine lines they marched amid deaf
ening cheers across the roughened check
erboard while the thousands in the grand
stands urged them on with voices grown
hoarse with shouting. On the : eastern
•side or the Held a little band of exhausted
boys with cardinal stockings watched
the gay scene dejectedly, while the friends
*ho had seen how well they fought tried
to remove a little of the bitterness of de
ft at.
MCUOWDS CO3IE EARLY.
Long before the appointed hour the
slope leading to the arena was gay with
color. E&ch irain sent forth its long
* tr ' a| n of humanity and from the high- <
waye ana 'tfte tjyTray£ the people of. Ber- '
ki ley augmented the torrent. On . the j
ww t *-t tide of the gridiron sat the Call- :
forma partisans. The bleachers opposite
were given over to those whose hopes
vcre centered in the prowess of Stan
ford. The wearers of the blue and gold
outnumbered the visiting rooters by more !
than two to one.
There could De no more enthusiasm at
the big varsity game. E\ery man in the
grandstand shouted himself into whisper- i
ing. Every lady waved something— ban- !
ricr, handkerchief or parasol— and jumped '
up and down in excitement. The weather j
vas ideal for sin-ctator, if a trifle warm |
for player. The bands played constantly j
when the cheering subsided. It was a
day of days and a game of games..
The best team won. There are- many
who will say otherwise. They will "say
that Stanford was the superior offensive
ly and the writer will agree with them. J
They will say that the cardinal excelled .
In punting a.nd again there will be no
dispute. They may claim that the boys
from down the bay shore were stronger
on the defense and there is where the
difference comes.
Taking line plays alone into considera
tion. Stanford had a belter defense than
California. Otherwise the visitors were
terribly inefficient. . Time and again
Stanford should have saved twenty yards
cr more when the home team ran in
punts. In this way the superiority of
the cardinal in kicking was nullified.
Offside playing detracts from the value
of any eleven. Stanford lost thirty yards
on penalizations. Careless handling of
the ball is a bad defect. Fumbles cost
the cardinal a possible chance to score
end dozens of yards on several occa
sions.
BKST TEAM WINS.
California had more speed and played
•with more spirit. With th<j ball only
a couple of feet from the goal line and j
c tie game. Stanford failed to send her '
men through for the score, but lost the '
ball. Layir.gr aside the questions of j
epeed, spirit, penalizations, fumbles and
the running in of punts, the cardinal
was superior. But these defect* made
the eleven from Palo Alto inferior as a
team.
X The ball was in Stanford's half of
the gridiron pretty much all of the
time. Occasionally the visitors would
show a burst of speed combined with
team work that made California look
like the proverbial SO cents, but the
fight was not continued. Some one
would funlble or go wrong on the sig
nals and the labor that had won an
advance over a dozen streaks of white
wash was lost. Both outfits were good
on team work. Both elevens were weak
offensively. Stanford held for downs
more frequently on line plays.
The cardinal had a kicker from Kick
ville. A punt of fifty yards was a cinch
for him at any time. All he needs is
a little practice to kick field goals from
the hundred-yard line or from back of
the fence. The backs In neither team
were strong in advancing: the ball. The
tackling- was high too frequently, to
be readily forgiven. Line plays proved
of little value to either team, except
when 'Stanford made an occasional
spurt. Attempts at end runs usually
resultfd in a loss for the side posses
sing the ball. The Interference on both
teams was really excellent and should
have brought better results.
California's quarter exercised better '
judgment than the man behind the
other center. '.There were no real fake '
plays. A nuarterback kick, however,
proved profitable to California in two
hard places and won the touchdown.
The condition of the men was about
on a rar. Grest credit is due both uni
versities that the play was absolutely
clean and manly. There were several '
delays exasperating 1 to the spectators
because of disputes and injuries... ;
* KXDS • ABB WEAK.
The ends on both teams were weak.
They did not remember whose place It
\u25a0uas to down with the punts. Stan
ford has .-t triile the best of the argu
ment on tack!* 1!*,1 !*, and California was
Buperior in guards. About the only
piece where the blue and gold seemed
The San Francisco Call.
CALIFORNIA FRESEMEXMAKLYG A PLUNGE THROUGH THE CENTER ON STANFORD'S SIDE OF-: FIELD}
FIRST HALF COMES
TO END SCORELESS
Home Eleven Makes Brilliant Dash
From Center of Field to Touchdown.
California won the toss and took the
| field while the expectant thousands drew
! a long breath and waited for the battle
!to open. Down toward the goal posts
sailed the ball and Stanton nabbed it on
the five-yard line. He came back ten
I yards before the visitors smothered him
;in a heap of brandishing limbs. Call-
\u25a0 fornia bombarded the opposing line three
j times for the distance and then lost the
i pigskin on a fumble. Jackson got the
{ ball on the Blue and Gold twenty-five
j yard- line and the eastern bleachers were
a frenzied mass of wildly \yavlng colors.
Three, tackle plays netted seven yards,
then California strengthened and got the
ball on downs. Stanford's line was im
j pregnable and after two scrimmages, a
kick was ordered. The ball went forty
yards dov.n the Held, where the Stanford
backs fumbled it. When the eighty-eight
limbs were untangled, the referee called
it California's ball. The signal was given
for a try at a field goal and the crowd i
laughed in derision as the pigskin was
fifty-two yards from the posts.
The quarter fumbled the pass, but Stan
ton grabbed the ball and skipped away for
thirty yards around Stanford's right end.
Now the west side bleachers were swell
ing tumultuously with life. A buck at
the opposing left tackle gave the Blue
and Gold another ten yards. It looked
like a touchdown, but Stanford held.
Stanton tried for a fltld goal, but the
kick was blocked. A Stanford man got
the pigskin behind the posts and tried to
run out with It andwas downed. \u25a0\u25a0 .
CALLS IT A TOUCHBACK.
The referee called it a touchback, al
though the rumor swept hrough the audi
ence that the play was a safety. Stan
j ford kicked ten yards past center and
California brought the ] ball back to the
visitors' fifty-yard .line. Two line plays
| proved fruitless and the ball was punted
to Stanford's -, fifteen-yard line. Torney
kicked back to. center. California's kicker
punted' back ten yards high and outside.
It was Stanford's ball on her own forty
yard line. Torney kicked sixty yards.
California tried two bucks at tackle and
Stanton then sent the ball back' to center.
HoUnan muffed the fly and a Blue and
Gold urchin assimilated the pigskin. Stan
ford held and California kicked. The
Cardinal not to be outdone in courtesy
kicked back to center. California punted
again and Stanford also punted. The
Blue and Gold was making rapid progrtss'
toward Its own goal posts on this Inter
change of kicks. The half ended 'with. the 1
ball in Stanford's possession of Cainor-'
nla's forty-nve-yard line.
After Ahe intermission, the teams
changed \sid(S and California kicked toj
the five-yard line. Stanford tried for a.
punt, but a bad pass spoiled the play.'
By rare good luck, a Cardinal man fell
on the ball and saved his outfit .from'
being placed in a. very perilous position/
Torney kicked high and short. California'
got the ball on the Stanford fifteen-yard
line. Stanford was penalized for offside'
play and it looked like a sure score. "Xow
they will make a touchdown, the rascals,'*:
shouttd a famous Eastern college football
captain of other days who was sitting at
the writer's side. But the signal was for!
a try at a field goal and it missed. Here I
was an opportunity for California to have
pushed through for a score. rl
BALL. TRAVELS BACK.
Stanford v.-as safe for the moment and
while the roiters drew sighs of relief
the ball was sent back by the air route,
to center. California found a weak place
able to gain on a line play was through'
Stanford's 'left guard. Both cen
ters ' proved themselves; worthy of
their respective teams by t stopping hard
bucks. ' California, had a. better, quar
terback. The other backs were about
equal except In 'punting/ Torney, kicks
better than any man on either varsity
if yesterday's work is any criterion/?-;';,'
The pam« n-as a big victory for
Coach Knlbbs. I>ist year Stanford had
j in Stanford's left side and made the dls
tance in two downs. Stanford was penal
ized for offside play and it was the Blue
and Gold on the Cardinal j thirty-yard
line. Bucking the middlemen netted fif
teen yards and. again a try was made at
| field goal. / .The same opportunity for
bucking the ball through for a touchdown
was presented, although two yards had
to be gained on "the -last down. The ball
j went wide as the spectators- had become
; accustomed to expect and Tormey lifted
j it back to the middle line.
j The visitors had repaired the holes in
I thtir armor and California was com
pelled to kick. The pigskin went low and
hard to the Cardinal ten-yard line. . Tor
ney booted the ball out of danger, but
Stanton captured it on the fiy. and made
a brilliant dash toward the Cardinal goal
for thirty long, glorious yards. Schaef
fer made a nifty little quarterback kick
unexpectedly. Holman touched, but
failed to grasp the ball. Stanton was
there, all hands, and drifted quietly be
hind the. goal posts where he dropped
with the ball clasped affectionately to his
heaving chest. It was California's touch
down. Cerf kicked the goal.
'CALIFORNIA EXULTS.
The great Blue and Gold monster on the
west side was rampant. The noise would
have drowned out the Ruef heelers at
the Republican ' convention In the Al- |
hambra. California was far in the lead. ;
There was just six minutes of play left.
Stanford kicked off and California kicked
back to center. Torney made ten yards
around his own right end. It took three
plays to-_ make the next five yards, then
Terril went around California's left end
for twenty yards. Here is where the
eastern bleachers began to see something
worth living for again.
Down the field slowly, but surely, went
the ball in Stanford's hands. Inexorably
the timekeepers tolled off the faithful sec
ands. I'Can they do it?" "Will they
have time?" was on every one's tongue.
"Don't let them do it, Freshmen,"
howled the west side..
"Get through there," "Give 'em the
ax,", yelled the east side. It was Stan
ford's, ball, three yards for the Blue and
Gold line.
"Call-for-r-rnia, Cali-for-r-rnia" shriek
ed' the dancing Berkeleyites.
"Eat 'em up," vociferated Stanford's
adherents.
"One— two— three— four— five— six," said
California.
The Cardinal freshmen gathered them
selves together for a rally, but like the
waves on the seal rocks they fell back.
One, twice and three times California's
sons held hard and stopped the furious
onslaught. Then it was all over. Cali
fornia took \ possession of the pigskin on
downs and kicked it far away out: into
the brown gridiron. The referee blew
his whistle after the first scrimmage,' and
It was California day. ,r, r
The line-up was as follows:
California. Positions. Stanford.
Jackson L. — K.— R. . . . . . ... - Johnson
Cuthbertson L. — T. — R ....... Tuller
Minturn . . ... \u25a0 •' • L.—G.—R..Fisk- A. Johnson
r>oane. . /. Center. . . ........ Hotchkiss
Wlldman. . R.— G.— L.. Tucker-Priestly
I Crawford R- — T. — L........... Cunha
Tower \u25a0 -R- — .E. — L O'Connor
Holman Quarter. Schaeffer
Terril. R. — H. — 8. ....;.. ;> Stanton
Toiney L.— H. — B. » Cerf
Goodell . . . Fu11 . . . . ". . . . Reinhard-Snell
Referee — Kenneth* Hamilton: Umpire— Claude
Downing. -Linemen — Roos and , Nourse. \u25a0 Tim
ers — Brown and Muma. ' Halves — Twenty-five
minutes, j Score— California 6, Stanford 0.
her Fenton; this year California has
her Stanton. The' work of the latter,
was sensational to : the last ; degree. •Ho
\u25a0was under every punt : and went; down
the with the ball like a locomotive.
He was In every play, -and struggled
for all there was in him. Stanton is a
Britt of the gridiron. ;./ . "N" N
The gamo was of particular interest
from tho fact that : it gave the first
chance for, comparison between the
SAN FRANCISCO. OCTOBER 15/ 1905.
LOWELL PLAYS
LICK TEAM TO
A STANDSTILL
The football team from the" Lowell iliph
School yesterday proved L itself . worthy
opponents.; fo_r, the " sturdy, m.en wiio Vup
port the -colors' of the .California School
of Mechanical Arts. The garqe was one
of those 0-0 affairs, which so much pro
vokes an audience, ' and' us . far as play
was concerned neither team had the ad-
I vantage of .the other. • ;
\u25a0 Shortly after 10. o'clock Giberson of
i Lowell kicked off to Hall, who ran the
i ball in fifteen yards before downed. Ilen
j derson. Miller and Rogers were'piit lnt^
I play and gained a total of thirty yards.
\u25a0 Rogers then lost, two yards and Hall losi
I fifteen more on:- a quarter-back sneak,
i Main punted to Roncovleri.who only ran
the ball in "five yards. : ' \u0084\.
Toward the end of the half- Lick gained
the ball on downs and started bucking
down the ''field.'. Hotchkiss and Lodge
netted Hfteen. yards by a trick play and
.a delayed pass.- for : end around end.
After using Henderson and Hotchkiss
again. Main, was forced to kick, 'the half
ending shortly after with the ball In Low
ells' possession. v
In the second half Main kicked off to
Giberson. Lowell did not retain the ball
long, however, as . they were .forced, .to
I kick. Lick,' in its turn, kicked also, the
ball going out of bounds. At this stage
of the game Lowell seemed to take a
sudden brace- arid gained thirty-four
yards on -one -buck and trick- plays, the
ball being in a fine position for a field
goal. On the next play TLscornia fumbled
th» ball, which was "pinched" by Hen
derson, Lick's rjght half, who ran down
the field fcightyvlye yards and' was only
downed fifteen yards from Lowell's goal
line by Giberson.
The teams lined ur> as follows:
Lick. Positions. Lowell.
Hotchkiss. I< K. I: Barkaa
Main (captain). .... 1... T. n Flynn
McNelU...... L. G. R Hire
Merrilles ..Center \u0084 Shiloh
H0xt0n. ........ ....R. G. L.;.... Pierce
Keenan ...R. T. IX .' Deuprey
Ueb. Ledge. ...... .R. E. L Lynn
Hall Quarter. .Roncovlerl (cant )
Mi11er...... •.-....... L. H. R .Corbet
Henderson. . . ; . . . ...R. H. L. ......... .Giberson
Rogers ...:.. .Full Tiscornla
Officials — Mead Hamilton, umpire: -Harry
McKenzle, referee; head linesman, Sperbeck"
halves, "0 minutes. , *
EASTERN FOOTBALL SCORES.
NEW HAVEN, ; Oct. , 14.— Yale ' 30.' Holy
Cross 0. ' , '. .;•: . : : . .' .:
HARTFORD, Oct. 14.— Trinity 0. New York
University o.'\u25a0\u25a0. '\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0 '-\u25a0 . \u25a0
MIDDLETOWN I Conn.". Oct. 14. — Wesleyan
10, University of Vermont 11.
PHILADELPHIA, . Oct. 14.— University !of
Pennsylvania 1". University ' of North Caro
lina 0. ,'•'-\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 : -- ,; "" -.--•-. \
. MORGANTOWN.^.W. Va.. Oct. 14.— West
Virginia University 28, ' Ohio University 0
lOWA CITY, lowa. Oct. 14.— Iowa Univer
sity Alumni 0, University of lowa 0. .. :
CHICAGO. Oct. -14.— University \u25a0of Chicago
It! University of Indiana 5.' • . .
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. - 14,-^Mlnnesota 42,
Ames - CoJleee 0. ' * ..
CHAMPAIGN.- 111., Oct. 14.— Illinois 12. St.
Louis University. o. . \u25a0\u25a0 ..
CHICAGO; Oct. 14.— Northwestern Univer
sity 18. Be!oit 2. .
SEATTLE; Oct. 14.— University of "Washing
ton 6 -Whitman College C. ••-"\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0/: -
;• PROVIDENCE.- Oct.; 14.— Brown 34, Univer
sity lof Mn!ne <•• ..-
CLINTON, .X. V., Oct. 14.— Syracuse 27,
Hamilton 0. \u25a0
\u25a0 WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— Georgetown -0,
Villanova 0.
LAFAYETTE, Ind... Oct. 14.— Purdue 12,
Wabash 0.
\u25a0 PRINCETON, Oct. 14.— Princeton 48,' Buclc- :
nell 0. • \u25a0 -
• WEST POINT. Oct. 14.— West Point 6, Vir
ginia Polytechnic 16. : .
NEW YORK. . Oct. . 14.— Columbia 11, Wil
liams 5."-
AMHERST, Oct. 14.— Amherst 23, Bow
doln-0. < ' '- \u25a0 • : ,
CINCINNATI. Oct.- 14.— Earlham College 0.
Cincinnati. University 12.
ANN- ARBOR, Oct. 14. — Michigan 18, Van
derbilt 0.. • \u25a0 . ' ' . - \u25a0 \u0084 . ,
MEDFORD, Mass.. Oct. 18.— Tufts 28, Wor
cester . Polytechnic , 0. - p • .
ANDOVER. ; .Oct. ,14.'— Phillips .Academy 17,
Yale freshmen 5.- \ . \u25a0 • . >j \u25a0 ••
EXETER, Oct. 14. — Phillips Academy 20,
Harvard - freshmen J 0. .-
CAMBRIDGE, • Mass., Oct. 14.— Harvard 12,
coaching of Knibbs and , Lanagan.
Neither team introduced , any novelties,'
and | both j played straight ! f ootball.-'.Tha
development of any particular style -of
play i was not apparent ;in! the T blue r and
gold , organization. .The cardinal j show
ed a" penchant for, bucking the tackles:
Knibbs ; superinduced more - speed.'
NEW YORK THE GREATEST
OF ALL BALL TEAMS.
Matthewson Again Irivincible
FINAL SCORE IN\THE^GAME;^
. NEW YORK—; - ' .- - •' . ; \u25a0• AB. \u25a0> R. . ' Bill . I'O. A. E.
Brennahun, c-Htcher '...,....*"• .'. . ',4 ' .O . . U . 4 2 :~© i
Browne, rlsbt Held... ..... ...... \... '.........;. 7*" O 1 O O :.O: .O '\
Donllri, erntccfield.V. .^. ........'.:...•...; .... l" 00 I O .t~o\
*»U-GnnnV flwt.bnse. . . i . . . . . . ............. ... ... .3 O O V 2 . 1 O
Miertcs,' left fie1d.. ...:....... .1 .'.:....:........ S I ' 11 0 ', °
Dnblen, Mhortatbp: .". . . ... .'. .2 0 _ O 2.5- V.O r
Difvllu. t!ifr«lba»r. .V. ...../.::...:............. -2 • O 0 1 «'"«"<
Gilbert, Mefond base.'. ......... ..".....'........: 3 O / 1 ' 5 5 'O j
* 3latthcw»on', pitcher. ..... .\ .'.... r. '...'.. \l ' 1- : o". 1 3 2 "
Totals* "...!.'.... .25 2 5 27 1» *\u25a0%)'
.\u25a0. \u25a0 '' IMIII/ADELrillA—-"' . . . AB. It. BH. TO. A. E.
Hartzel. left field.: ......: ..10 2 4 1 * Ou
Lord, center Held. ..... J> ... J...'J ...' .4 ..O O 3 O ,'O
Davis, first ba«ie. ...... '. . . V. . : 4 0 1' J> O 0
1.. Cross, third . bane "4 : 0 O 1 2 O
Seybold, rl»ht veld. 3 0"./l^,; O O 0
Murphy, aeeond base 3 0 0 O '\u25a0'/:.- \'£ 'V- 0 ' "
M. Cross,; shortstop. :...:... \u25a0 ._ 3 . 0 . I \u25a0- .: 5. .. 2 tl,O >*
Powers, catcher \u25a0 ". 3 o l 5 2 .*, ip"'A
Brniler, pitcher. . ... r ....... '. ; ....3 0 0 O 4 O ,
v • - „"^„ "^ •"• «^" .
T0ta15..... :................" 31 . 0-. «* 27 12 0
Vv>> SCORE BY INNINGS. ,
New York.. ...0 0 0 o 1 0 0 1 x 2
Philadelphia .0 * 0 O 00 0 00 o—o0 — 0
SUMMARY.
- Two-base hits—Power*. Hresnnh.-in. Sncriticc blt.f— Matthcw^oc, Ucv- '
lin. Left on bases— New York 3,' Philadelphia 10. Kirst •' base \u25a0on rrrors— - ';
Philadelphia 2. Double . play— -Dahlea to Gilbert to 31cGann. Struck out—
By Matthewson 8, by Bender Zu Bases on balls — Off Dcmlcr 3. ,Tluie ot
name — 2 hours. Umpires— O'Day and Sheridan. Attendance, SO.UOC. •'. •
NEW.. YORK,. Oct. 14. — Amid the
frenzied plaudits of more , than. 30,000
baseball enthusiasts, the New York
National' League champions won the'
world's professional ; baseball \u25a0* cham
pionship' on the polo grounds to-day by
defeating the Philadelphia American
League team in the fifth, game of "» the
post-season series ' by the score of
2 to 0. ;
\Of the four 'previous games New
York had won 'three 'and Philadelphia
one. With* Mathewson .pitching. New
York took the opening game from Phila
delphia,'but; lost the \ second '} on the
polo grounds with Bender pitted against
McGinnity. Mathewson' retrieved this
defeat In the ensuing game at Phila
delphia, j making j the record' two for New
York against \ their opponents' one, 'and
in the next game on the home grounds
Springfield Training . School 0. '- J :->^
RICHMOND,' Va.. Oct. 14.— Carlisle ) Indians
12, University of Virginia 0. .
MILWAUKEE; Oct. 14.— Wisconsin 21. Notre
Dame 0.
ANNAPOLIS, Oct. 14.— Navy 6, Dickinson 0.
ST. LOUIS, > Oct. : 14 V — Washington University
C, University of . Arkansas . o.'\u25a0. '\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- :
LINCOLN, Oct. 14. — University of Nebraska
16 ! Knox 0. • - --•••
GRINNELL, Oct. 14. — Grlnnell 5. Coe.4;
GREENCASTLE, Ind., Oct.. 14. — Depauw.6o,
Franklin 0. ; :
Itomului* Will Perform.
Romulus,- for . the second time, will
tackle i a wild steer this "afternoon at
the Presidio athletic grounds in one of
those exciting. wrestling matches which
came, near costing him. his life last
Sunday/- LRo'rriulus is confident .that he
will • down the wild animal since he ; has
had the, arena enlarged, and; he inti
mates the contest will, not .last ten
minutes. Morris Levy, the promoter,
has arranged a wrestling match be
tween George Braun and .W. Gindorff,
and he will also have - a funny chase
after a greased' pig by five young -boys.
In addition -.to ; this ' the .bronco / busting
by new' riders and\ .wilder/ broncos
wlll.be put on again. There will be.no
extra charge for grand- stand seats arid
the show will -Starr at 2:30. --
A statistician affirms that the * majority
of ? : people 'who Tattain f , bld~ age ' have • kept
late ; hours7' ; Eight ; put' of ;.tenf who";. reach
the age of SO years have \ never gone to
bed until after 12 at'nlght.y^
New York, with McGinnity in the box.'
added another victory. :
\ Mathewson and Bender confronted
each other to-day in -what proved to be
the final contest. In the opening in
ning the New York pitcher was appar
ently not at his best; while his Indian
adversary afforded a splendid exhibi
tion of the . pitcher's ; art. Mathewson.
however, soon rallied, and althongh^lie
contributed the only two fielding errors
in the game, he held the visitors safe.
'; The victory, however, was not due so
much to his effectiveness as to the
clean, sharp fielding of the New York
men." ' The visitors weakened in the
infield, and after t his brilliant opening
Bender lost control. "' '
-; The division of receipts will net the
winning^ players $1142 ..each and the
losers $420. v >?>—-Li 'v.
GLEN WOOD ..U GETS AWAY -'
WITH THE, STOLL STAKES
Trotting Meet nt Lexington Comes to
n Clone With .Victory for
,'. the Favorite.
; LEXINGTON, Ky. Oct. 14.— The fea
ture of the closing day of the Ken
tucky Breeders' meeting was the Stoll ,
stakes, which. was won by Glenwood M,
.the heavily played . favorite. The last
race was long drawn , out. Emma
Brook, the favorite, was given- the race
under the ruling of the National Trot
ting Association, because she stood best
in- the - summaries, before '^sundown.
Frank. A. ..who also won two heats, was
given second 1 money, and Belfast third.
There,; wus -no time remaining to have
another, heat of, this race and as tue
meeting ended -to-day it could not be
continued. ; Results: -
; 2:20 ; class. « pace; purse $ICC»>— Dan P won
three straight heats In 2:11^.. 2:lwVi, 2U3^
Kdith Brook,' Tommy Burns. JUnmle'O. 1 Ke
proachless and Emtl'D also started. >".- '»-..;
Stoll stake? >for "four-year-olds. 2:ID cla-sj
trotting. ' purse ,'?2oOO— GrenwooO M won sec
ond,, '.thyrd • and fourth' heats . In' a:l3»i; . 2:ou
2 :Ci>!J.:v Leonardo won the hrsfheat Ja 2:08»i'
Pat T and , Clarita \V 'also started.
\u25a02:20 class," trotting.' putae *I(X)O— Emma
Brook- won first and third heau In 2 10J*.
2:tf>?i.' Frank vA "won the tourth and flt'tli
h«-at» ln'2:liy... 2:l2>i- Bflrast won the sec
ond heat"-ln> 2:10U-- Electric Maiden and
Juniaia also started.. , .. . '
-jTherrcligion that cannot stand camp
ing out ' had better, be left-at home In
the ice box; :\u25a0' ', \u25a0'\u25a0 ""
Pages 37 to 48
TROPHY GOES
TO FRANCE
ONCE MORE
Heinery Dashes Wildly Home
in Front of; Heath, in the
Second Motor Race for the
Far-Famed Vanderbilt Cup
TEACY COMES THIED
;> AND LANCIA FOURTH
Thousands Gather to View
Classic Event, Which Goes
Through Without Serious
Mishap to a Contestant
NEW* YORK. Oct. 14. — In a driving
finish, with, the next man only a few
seconds behind him. Hemery of the
team of French automobile racers won
the race for the fv\ ,'K. :" Vari'd erbilt' Jr.
cup over the Long Island course to-day.
, Hernery made the distance vi Z$Z mllci
in 276 minutes.* elapsed time. G«orge
licath. the American, driving a Frcnvlt
car. was second, \<thllv Tracy; another
• American but of the French team, was
third, iihd; Lancia of the" Italian leant
.fourth.^ ,ileinery, won .from Heath by
U : -;minutes~ 32 seconds, elapsed time.
Time at the finish: '\u25a0 : »
Driver. • .. Time. Tune.
xiemery .................... 10:3:1:03 *:;:•; n-<
Heutn '.i....\ *1O:3S:1O 4:UUMO
'itacy .........'.'....._.... n:ui:_'ii «:o»::at
Lancia .....^jj..i..;...i.. ll^:yj;ai s:tiO:3i
; This \u0084Tf^a.s l .' XhV« seconji nice for the
VanderhiU. r cup, 'uncl the event wast
marked by no,^^niousvuccidLiii^s, aa wuji
the* race last -* year. fThtr.wiantr in 1»C
Heatb, ran'fcOu miies. iii S-houys miu
utes'and -15 secfentia.". .When Tracy hnJf
crossed the liriish". line . to-day" the rac^
was stopped. - Lancia, instead of con^
tlnuing down' the. course, drove up t«>
the grand stand and began to. gesticu
late wildly to the officials of the course.
The crowd ' poured over on the courss
to begin their departure, and after a
time Lancia started his car again ami
the crowd fell ba-.-k as the pistol-like
reports of the exhaust cracked and thvi
side.s of the machine belched tiamt: an«r
smoke. It was thought that Lanei.x
had entered a protest because of a col 4
lision with Christie. But no protect*
was made. Lancia smilingly, saying t(l
the newspaper men that he hud non<j
to make. «*f^ :
JtOXATZV IIHEAKS IUS CHAI.\. j
The first ear was started promptly'
at tJ o'clock this morning, and the oth
ers were sent ttVay at one twinut-o in
tervals. Jtnatzy of the German team
was the lirst away, and during tivj
earlier rovmds ol" the course in.ttio ruco'
he was favorite, iie YSUi delayed, how
ever, for a half hour or more "at Bulls
heail •' Corner L-y the breaking of hi:*
chain on the third lap. and was unable
to stand the ruck ana tear which th«l
sharp Uullsher.d turn throws upon ;i'
inachina^ '.mleso taken at a nioderats
speed. Jenatxv sklUded around at -s
spyt'l which e;iujjetl his car, to reel oiC
two .-\u25a0 > .?ht els. , Just U3 it hud ***ttled duwib
! th«re Jvvfis a .-siut^u ' snai).',anU Jenatzy"./
chani'AVits lut;hiris about. The tar watj
rushed tato repair .station/ where ;y
hasty repair v.Us, ;nliitreV^ ;. . ; .*-" \u0084 *
In thte meaniiuie Lancia was vcelin^T
off the itiiles. und had taken a great!
.}eiul..wHrch he :uaintainetl until his eol~
lision-, with Christie. Foxhall Kc«nf
met w^Uj a misliap early In the race
that compelled his- withdra»val. Kctmr
was reported at the grand stand to hav>
run intof, a telephone pole, smashing hK
car. There was great anxiety over this
report,^ an»l a call for physicians was
made: but Kcene Mmself telephoned*
to the. stand that he was uninjured, but
would be unable to continue.the riice. r
l 'Another minor accident that caused^
j some apprehension was the report of Lyt
, tie- losing his mechanic. Tattersall. out of.
i the car while passing through a piece
of woods on the back of the course. "VVV
K. Vanderbilt Jr. Jumped Into his racins
machine and sped back over the coarse
to pick up TattersalL It was found that
the latter had been fixing some of the"
car's * machinery and was leaning well
I forward *and at* a sharp turn -he was
hurled over and over out of. the car. He
was much scratched and bruised but no
bones were broken., - >
HEMERYCOMES TO THE FRONT. ;
These were the most serious of the day's;
accidents and gave the "crowds its thrills.;
Hemsry of the French team i. in tho
meantime had come well to' the front and?
from the seventh round o» to the end
there was a pretty race between him and
-Heath. Going through- the starting point
on the ninth round Hemery - led Heath
ty two seconds. As the, pair passed the
grand stand a mighty shout went up.
They went through Lakevlllo fighting"
for the lead. *The fact that Kemery start
ed three minutes later than Heath seemed
, at his point barring accidents to make
the race surely his. Hemery passed Hyde
Park ahead of Heath. Now every one
leaned over the stands and strained his
i eyts down the road for the first glimpse
; of the winner.
Hemery was first to cross the line. The
\u25a0 occupants of, the stands held their breath'
\u25a0until the cars flew through. Scarcely a
chesr sounded juntil they, were well down
; the road. "Then the spectators shouted
themselves hoarse. \u25a0»
Dingley went through on his fifth lap
and Warden on his eighth. The fight for
the third place was between Tracy of the"
' Americans and Lancia. Tracy got third \u25a0
place.
SIXETEE.V DRIVERS START.
Not the least enthusiastic person among
the nien on the course was W. K. Van
derbllt^Jr./the donor of the cup.
Continued on Vase 3S> Colama &38
SPORTS
PAGE
SIWASHES GET
INTO THE GOING
Charley Shields Does Great
Work "When He Manages to
Tut Ball Over the Plate
MILDNESS AIDS SEALS
iSoathpaw Gets Erratic Many
Times and Uncle's Stars
. Come Near Winning Out
Charley Shields and his side-wheel
CtlivQTy were the two things that made
Cite t?fals out losers yesterday against
the Siwashes. The Seattle southpaw
lijiJ Komething when he got busy and
commenced to work. He was wild at
limes, L>ut whoa Jie got into the game
lit: pitched baseball and the Seals never
'had a chance. They managed to get
four runs off siim, but they were very
Juiky. for the bit column totaled no
p)ore than the run column. •
Wheeler was bumped rather lively
by the northern brigade. The latter
opened up in the first spasm and clout
«-d two runs in. Kane beat a hit. stole
n'nd arrived arhen Shea threw the ball
away. Walters came tl.ru. ,;!i with an
other single, Blankenship sacrificed
.•md tUreib produced a Texas Leaguer
that scored Wallers. Another was add
«d in tho fifth and the total Was
swelled to live In the seventh, when the
Sia washes again began to get to
.-iijicjun, in me un-iiuiiiue. was guou
bad and indifferent in the various in
nings. liis wildness aided the Seal:
and they berran oliruohig- up on the SI
washes, slowly but surely. Kane nudi
a greal i-awh of Hildelirand's long llj
in the eiySiih and this undoubtedly
saved the day for Shields.
Seattle tried out Harry Walters, th<
busher. in left field. He only had om
chance, but at the bat he could no
make pood with a hit. The score:
fLATILE.
AB. R. BH, SB. PO.'A: E
Bennett. 2b 3 2 2 0 4 4 <
Kan.-, c. f 4 r :t 2 3 ti (
J. "Waiters, r. f 5 1 *J 0 I O <
lilar.ke.nehlp. o 4 « :l O 4* 4
Sutib. lb :j o 2 o 10 1 i
LAuterborn. 3b 3 <» o O 1 l t
«»». s. « 2 O <\u2666 «» 3 7 •
U. Walters. If 4 O 0 0 1 O <
ETiiflds. I> 4 x) 1 o O 2 <
Totals JU 5 10 2 27 1» ]
SAX FRANCISCO."
AB. It. IJH. SB. PO. A. E
\u2666Vaidron. c. f i 2 2 O 1 0 1
Mohlcr. 2b. a o 0 0 S 2 <
HildcJiiand. 'V f 3 C 00 4 0 «
Nrainn. lb 3 O 1 2 10 1 <
Household- -r. r. f 4 i» o <t 1 o <
•nrta. 3r 1 1 o O 0 5 «
Oochnaocr, s. f 1 1 «> y 2 2 I
t-'x-a. <• 2 r> U <J a 2 1
U*bee)-er. p 4 0 1 0 1 4 i
*Speoccr 0 <» 0 o o O *
Totals 26 -4 4 2 27 16 ;
•Uatir-,1 for ?hca in nintn Inning.
BCKS AND HITV BY INNINGS.
Soatti*.. 2 000 l ~. 0200— :
Base lilis ..0201 L 3 0 O— 1(
San F*rnnc!»co. ..^o 1 zorfoo 0
Base hit 5...... 1 021 0 00 0 0—
SUMMARY.
Tht^«-bas<* l::r-\Vh< \u25a0\u25a0\u25a01. r. Two-base hits— J
Wallers. StrtTj. Haciino..- hits— Biankenship
Jl.ldebrand. iiall, Lauterbo.-n. Kirt.
tms« on TTors — Seattle I, Francisco I
First has- «.n tailed ball* — <m V\ her-lcr :5. on
t-'hle^i* •-. Left on hases —^ta.:tlc 8, San Fran
\u25a0 :s, v <i. out— By Whaler 2, t>y Shield]
2 list by jiiicher — Sj encf r. IXmbio playa—
liaU 10 IJiarkenshH' to lit-nnttt Ui Hai.
t-> Slro.t). Hlicsud l>all^— ntanKftifh!-. 2. Tira<
Vt gift-Tw.. hums, l-npirr— iWis.
EASY FOR THE COMMITERS.
ryii!i<A.\u, uci. 1*. — uaKiand had
easy sailicß in to-day"s game, for Es
si'k\s support was the worst exhibi
tion, of fielding ever seen on the Port
land grounds. Bssick fanned twelve
men, jnd. with McLean, practically
plsyed the whole prame. Score:
PORTLAND.
AB. K. liH. PO. A. E.
•A*. « * O 0 0 0 O 0
Van r»ur*n, \. 1 4 1 0 0 0 0
ilitchell. «lb 4 0 0 7 1 2
*schUin*-y. 2b. 4 1 1 3 1 1
MrJjTßa.c 5 1 2 13 4 0
MrHale. c. t 3 1 1 1 0 0
b»«aty. 8. s. &3h 3 0 1 1 1 2
Cat<"*. r. /. and 3b I 1 1 1 0 1
r-rrj\ r. f. 3 0 110 0
l^*ick, p 4 0 10 3 0
Totals .-!! 5 ~g "^
OAKLAM).
-.-„,. . A^ 3 - R BIL PO. A. E.
'an HaJtren, c. f ti 2 1 1 0 1
Krurcr. r. f 5 1 s 1 0 0
Doatetvr. if 6 2 3 1 0 o
Mosklman, lb 5 2 2 13 0 0
Kelly. 2b 3 0 0 14 1
SKM:::::! I I I ", J
I :::::::::::: I \ •• 5 • •
Graham, p 2 o 0 0 \ 0
Tnt »^ 45 11 17 27 13 ~2
LEADING
SPECIALIST
Seventeen years
({fHyfif \ men's diseases,
l/ii j^* 1 * — with hard 1 j' an
at3//i /"CJS^JfJ inManoe ivhere
fr*. C \\ " have not ef.
v^v <-J) f r* trd \u25a0 com -
>^^J. '.*. hVpSzit^ *'tt*rs I have
X^^T^^f »rcn ted. This
\^^**»j£lSr would be suffl-
V T.t-limW ciont reason for
>^/ / a x me laying claim
/K. / yf\ \s to th <* title of
/ <V-«^r \ \ "Leading Spe-
Jfn \ * clalist." But I
•/TIC/ have done more.
nR ft f. » nsi .- x - * have dlscov-
Diseases which are practiced by no
physician other than myself— dis-
tinctive local methods thnt never
WE/\K TVVEIN
And men who are afflicted with con-
tracted ailments should not experi-
ment or delay. Consult me and I
will be frank and honest with yon.
If I can t cure you I will say so at
the start. My knowledge, gained by
my long practice, enable* me to dis-
tinguish the Incurable cases and
these I utterly refuse to treat. But
anjr cane I accept, co sure am I of
securing 1 a complete and radical
cure, that
I Am Alwar* AVIHInsr to Walt for
My Fee Until Care la ' Effected.
I cure •'Weakness." Contracted
Dißordrra, Spermatorrhoea. Organic
Weakness, Lost Vigor. Varicocele.
Stricture Pile*. Specific Blood Pol-
son and. Reflex Ailments. .
.-'_., Conftnltatton Free.
Call and have a personal talk with
me. It will bo worth your while,
whether you take my treatment or
n»t. In any event my free advice
wjll be helpful to you. -
DR. 0' C. JOSLEN,
702 MAItKKT .ST.,
Cor. Market ami Ivenrnj m«.
- \u25a0 NAX I'HAXCISCO. CAI» . .
SMART SET SEES THE PONIES RUN
GARDNER MAY
BOX THE DANE
Goldfielld Club Offers Nel
son and Lowell Boy Purse
of $25,000 for a Fight
KIO EAGAX CO3IES HERE
Is Deputized to Make Match,
Which, if Consummated, Is
to ]3e to Finish in Daytime
A purse of $25,000 nas been offered for
a finish fight betweer. Battling Nelson and
Jimmy Gardner. Kid Eagan, promoter
of the recent Hart-Root light at Reno
arrived in town yesterday and made the
offer in behalf of the Goldfleld Club of
Goldfitld.
Egan was deputise! here to secure the
match by Larry Sullivan and Pete Grant
of the Goldfield Club. Egan ofTers the
fighters a purse of $25,000, no percentage
being mentioned in his inducement. ; He
says if hs can get the signatures of both
men the conttst mus;t take place in the
open air on a day between Christmas and
New Years. Egan says that $5000 guar
antee is In the Nye & Ormsby Bank at
Goldfleld and on the signing of articles,
the club agrees to post JMJOO and the tight
ers will <be expected to pos: $2500 apiece
as evidence of good faith. The boxers
must be in Goldfleld ten days prior to
the contest and the referee to be se
lected one week before the battle.
Gardner has not been heard from as
yeU but it is most likely he will agree
to these conditions. He has claimed he
could make this weight and it is likely
Egan will havens consent at short no
tice. -\u0084--; 7 .--
Nelson is in the East on a theatrical
tour. Whether his contract with the dif
ferent theaters would allow him to come
West and battle is an obstacle that"
might prevent Egan from getting . the
Dane to light. JCelson and his manager
neve repeatedly stated that Gardner was
the next in line for a tight. The terms
for the match and th? liberal purse of
fered by Egan might lure the Dane to
ctase work befote the footlights and
turn westward for a, battle with the
Lowell boy.
Word from both fighters Is expected
by Egan within* a few days.
KI.M> SlO'Mib.ll A.M> I.M'WXT
I.V A STARVING CO.XUITIOX
A pitiable case of starvation of a
mother -and her infant was called to the
attention of the officers of the Associ
ated Charities yesterday when Knmia
Grimley. who became a mother a
month ago. and her child were found in
a dingy room at i>6s .Minna street suf-
Cering from the want of food and prop
er shelter.
Circumstances have dealt harshly
with tho unfortunate woman. Several
months ago,, when a husband's assist
anoe was most necessary, Mrs. Grimley
became a widow. Sick and but a few
days beiore a child was to bo born to
her, she was left a widow with meager
muds to provide the necessaries of life.
After tne child was born she strug
gled to support herself and baby. She
became sick a few weeks ago and had
been Starring until kind neighbors dis
covered her condition. Yesterday the
woman was removed to the Almshouse.
liarohl liuut-r Convert.
The first of the Harold Bauer con
certs will take place at Lyric Hall to
morrow evening, and that the great
pianist will receive a royal welcome
goes without saying. His opening pro
gramme includes the great Bach Chro
matic Fantasia. Beethoven's Sonata,
Op. 53; the beautiful Davldsbundler
Dances of Schumann, Chopin's B minor
Scherzo, —c Hungarian March by Shu
bert-Liszt and the rarely played tude,
"The Wind,' by Alkan. At the second
concert, which will be given on Thurs
day night, the special feature will be a
suite in seven movements by Handel
and Schumann's "Ffi-schingschwank."
Youtbtt Cliitreed With Burglary.
Two youths. Mason Rosenthal, 14
years old, andj Benjamin Rosenberg, 13
years of age, .were arrested yesterday
and charged by Special Officer Madden
of the Southern Pacific Company with
burglary. The boys were caught in one
of the sheds where baggage is stored.
They had succeeded in gaining en
tranco by picking th- 1 lock with a skel
eton key. The boys were sent to tho
Juvenile Home to ay.-ait punishment at
the hands of Judge Murasky.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 1 I 0 1 1 3 0 I—ll
Ua.«e hits 1341 12 4 0 I—l 7
Portland 1 0 C 0 1 2 01 o—s
Hose hits I '\u25a0 ' i> 1 1 13 1— S
SUMMARY.
Struck out— By E«£iek 12. by Schmidt 3. by
Graham 4. Basts on balls — Uft Ksslck 2, uif
Bcamtdt 4. 'iwo-lw ; c nits— Schlailey, Kieh
srds. Devereaux. Three-bese hit — DcveriMux.
Home run — Lmnieavy- IXmMe play — Keliy 10
ljovercaux to Moskiraan. First tas«j on errors —
Oakland 4. Portland 1. Saer.tice nits— Mitcceil.
Cutes, Ferry. Kelly 2. Jjtcien bases— Kruger
2. Van Haltrtn. Hit by pitched bull — Catcs.
McHalc by Schmidt. Parsed bahs— McLean 2.
Leit on i.;i?.s — Portland b, Oakland 11. In
nings pitctfd — By Urahaui 'J 2-J. b> Schmidt
5 1-3. Base hits — Ott Schmidt 3. off Graham
5. Time of game — 2:05. Umpire — Ed lUnkin.
GItAY METTEK THAN" KEEFE.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 14.— The fourth
game of the series went to Los Ange
les after a pitchers' battle between
Gray and Keefe. Gray also helped to
win his own game t>y lining out two
timely doubles. Pitcher Thomas j has
been released. Fisher claiming he can
not afford to keep more than four
pitchers on his pay-roll. Score:
LOS ANGICLES.
AB. K. BH. SB. I*O. A. E.
IJernard. cf J 0 1 o 1 0 O
Flood. 2b. .^ 3 O- 1 O 2 6 O
Smttn. ub ..4 0 0 0 1 3 0
hrasnear, e5.. ...... . 4 12 0 0 7 1
Dillon, lb 3 0 1 0 IS 010
Cravath, rf '4 «• 0 0 0 0 0
Koss, If 8 1 2 0 2 0 0
Kager. c 2 O 0 0 :i 0.0
Gray, p ...a 1 2 0 0 4.0
Totals 28 :t 0 0 27 20 1
TACOMA.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, rf 4 0 1 0 0 '0 1
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
. Nonb-ke. lb -4 I S 0 t»' 1 1
Eairan. ss 4 0 1 0 S 3 1
McLAUghr.n, ir 3 0 0 10' 0 O
Lynch. If S <j 0 0 2 0 0
Ca«-y. 2b 3 0 0" 0 5 .2 0
Graham, c 3 0 00 4. 2 0
Keefe, p 3 0 0" 0 1 6 0
Totals 31 1 5 1 51 ii 1
RUNS AND HITB BY INNINGS.
Lo« Anreles . 00 IQII 0 0 x 3
Base hits ...... n 0 2 12 2 0 2 x— D
Tacema 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 1 1
Base hits 10 0 0 0 101' 2—5
SUMMARY.
Two-bass hiu— Gray 2. Doyle. Sacrifice hits
—Eager. Dillon. Kirst base on errtirj»~Los
Angeles 2. Tacoma 1. Left on bases— Loa An-
Keles 5. Tacoma A. Ba»rs on hall »—i~) n KeofA
2. eff Gray 1. Struck out— By Ke<?f««;2. by
Grax 3. Double - plays— Brashear to' Flood to
DUlcn. Kt-efe to Nordyke. Braohear tft Flood
to Dillon. Balb — Gray. Hit- by pitched ball—:
McLaughlin. Time of came — Oi.e hour and
, twenty-five minutes. Umpire— Pcrrlna.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY; OCTOBER 15, 1905.
ULCTMA DISPOSES OF MIDLOVE
WITHOUT APPARENT EFFORT.
Society Attends Pony Races at the Glark Track; San Mateo
SCEXE AT THE PRIVATE TRACK OF CHARLES W. CLARK. SAN MATEO, ON THE OPENING DAT OF THE PONY RACES. I
AND SNAPSHOT PHOTOGRAPH OF TWO STARTERS IN THE MAIN EVENT OF THE AFTERNOON WON BT THE
SPRECKELS ENTRY.
MISS HOTCHKISS
MAY ANNEX CUP
Two interesting tennis tournaments
were played on th? courts at Golden Gate
Park yesterday. The young ladies met
in the tirst annual competition for tho
Lloyd cup, -which Is emblematic of the
bay qountles championship. The other
event was a handicap slnglea tournament.
In which the boys of the Golden Gate
Junior Club participated. As a result of
the day's play, Miss Hazel Hotchktss of
Berkeley- and Mrs. C. Wattson of San
Francisco are left to play In the finals
next week.
In the handicap singles tourney play
was completed to the semi-final round.
The four successful players who will meet
In "the concluding rounds are Morris Mc-
Loughlin (owe 30), R. Strachan (owe 15).
J. Strachan (3-6) and L. Levlnson (owe
15).
The surprise in the ladles' event was th«
defeat of Mi?s Ethel Ratcliffe, the State
champion. Miss Hotchkiss defeated the
former in straight sets, both of which
were close.
Despite the fact the handicaps of th-»
poorer players were larger than usual,
the boys playing above the scratch were
all defeated but one. The successful one
was Midget Johnnie Strachan. the club's
smallest member. M. McLoughlin, the
most heavily handicapped player, as usual
won his matches without exerting him
self. He has won the cup twice and
stands a good chat;ce of carrying it off
for good next week. The scores:
Pre'lminary round— Misa Bessie Cully beat'
Miss E.VJohns.by default; Miss Hazel Hotch
kisp beat Miss A. Bcaden, ,3-tf. fi-1. C-2; Miss
Goldn. Myer beat Mlsb Vera Crocker, 6-4. 7-5.
First round — Miss Ida Mearns beat Miss Ani
ta Gretnberg, tM. C-2; lir*. C. Wattson beat
Nlfs Cully. «-4, «-:.'; M:as Mctchklss beat MUs
Meyer. 0-3, 0-1; Mlns Ethel Ratcliffe beat Mtss
E. "<7rysial by default.
Semi-finals — Mrs. Wattson beat Miss Mearns,
r.-o' fi-1; Miss Hotchkiss beat Miss Ratcliffe,
f.-4* C-4- — - - - -
Finals— Mrs. Wattson vs. Miss Hotchkiss
*pott|)oned). • • . - \u25a0
Bay*' handicap, singles: Preliminary round
— H Lcvlmon (15 .1-c) beat W. Jewett (15) by
UpfauU; L. Cohn (X7> *-C) boat T. Cox (30) by,
i!«^tulf B. lirnuKh M-ti) beat R. Weet (30). |
|8-«. 0-2: B. UJtkln Ct-H) beat R. Greenberg (30).
' 0-2. G-4.
Ftrst round — C. Sonntag (3-fi) beat R. Wil
der (3-«). U-l. 6-1: R. Williams (15)' beat F.
Kahn (13 ."5-*'s by default; K. Bass (owe 15 3-C)
l.»at M. McEwrn (15 3-ti) by default; J. Stra
chan (3-k) beat J." Jcwett (15 3-6) by default;
E Kaston 13-fl) bent V. Maggs (15) 4-0, 6-1. j
ti-2; W. Patterson (3-U) beat T. Wilder (15 3-0).
I C-4 0-1; L. Levin,son (owe 15) btat R. Hprndon |
(15 U-ti). 0-2 C-3; Cohn (13 S-C) beat H. Levin- I
win <15 3-«;>, by default; • Batkin (3-6) beat j
Brough <:»-6). 3-ti. 11-0, C-2; W. Marcus (3-0) !
beat H. Crane (10). 0-3, 0-7; R; Smith (15 3-6) 1
beat E. Huff (30). C-0. C-4): R. Straehan (owe I
1.'.) beatß. Lorents '(!3)--ny default; A. Mar- !
tinea (owe 3-0) b«at H. Guerln ' (owe 15 3-U). \
0-0, 0-1; W. Murray - (15) beat ; R. Brunn j
U5 3-6). 6-3 fl-2; M. McLaughlln (owe 30) beat 1
L. Thompson (H-fi). 6-2. 0-4; H. Gets (owe 15) •
beat B. Price (30), 6-4. 0-2. |
Socont! round— Sonntag (3-6) beat Williams j
<16). 0-3,0 -2; \u25a0J. Strachan (3-6) beat F. Basa j
• twe -15 3-fi) by default; Patterson (3-6) beat
Hasten (3-0). 6-3. C-0; L. Levlnson (owe 16) I
beat Cohh tls 3-6), 6-4. 6-4; Bafkln (3-6) beat I
1 Marcus (3-6) 6-1. 6-4; n. Strachan (owe 15)
brat IX.' Smith U5 3-6). 2-0. 6-1. 6-3:* A. Mar
tinea (owe :«•«) beat Murray (15). S-6. 7-5: Mc-
Laughiin (owe 30). beat Gets. (owe 15), 0-2. 6-.TL
Third round— J. Strachan (3-ti) beat Sonntag J
(3-C) 0-1. 6-1 ; ' Levlnscn (owe 15) beat Patter
son'Js-O. 4-6. "0-1. t>-2; R. Strachan (15) beat
llatkin (3-6), 6-0. 6-1; -McLauKhlin (owe 30)
beat Martinca (own .1-6). 8-2. .0-2.
.._.».».'
TO GIVE A RECEPTION.— The . board of
lady managers of the . San Francisco : Nursery
for Homeless Children will give a reception at
the new home. Lake street and Fourteenth ave
i.ue, on Thursday afternoon and evening, I Oc
tober 20.
The first fall meeting of the California
Polo and Pony Racing Association held
on the tiack at Charles W. Clark's beau
t'ful San Mateo country place yesterday
was extremely well patronized, more es
pecially by the exclusive set of Burlln
game and San Matco. Admittance was
obtained by invitation, it. being s.mply
racing for pure love of the thing. Auto
mobiles and styi.sh equipages of every
sort were lined up on the inner field and
fashionably gowned women greeted the
different winners from the members'
stand. For the accommodation of those
j speculatively Inclined a Paris mutuel box
was operated in the ring.
Although unsuccessful in the main fea
ture of the afternoon, it is interesting
to chronicle that on two occasions the
colors of Charles \V. Clark were seen
In tho fore. Five events were down for
decision, of which number favorites cap
tured three..
Tom Driscoll, the well-known polo play
er, presided in the judge's stand. Captain
John Barneson and C. T. Boots acted
as stewards. F. E. *~ulholland dispaich
cd the fields. Frank W., v-usack was offi
cial timer and Robert •f. Leighton ably
filled the position of clerk of the scales
and hamlieapper.
Much Interest developed over the meet
ing of Midlove, sporting the Clark colors
and ridden by Charles Dunphy car
rying 152 pounds, and Ulctma, the "Beat
tie flyer," now owned by Rudolph Spreck
els and having Frank Skinner up
with 148 pounds to shoulder. It was .a
pretty race to the stretch, where Mr.
Skinner, on the favorite, let .out "a link
and the Spreckels entry won llesurely
at the end in 52 seconds. Five Jollar mu
tuel tickets ?aid $735.
Mr. Dunphy took the opening quarter
mile scramble with Leah, which downed
Carlotta, the mount of J. O. Tobin,
with considerable in reserve. Chanate,
the Clark entry, piloted by the Australian
rider, Mr. Mackay, ran third. Mutuels
paid $22 50.
Mr. Dunphy followed j this by landing
the favorite, . Bas Blancs, first for^ the
three-furlong dash. The filly ran coupled
in the betting with her stable mate, Ethel
Qi Mr. Skinner rode an excellent race on |
Althomer, finishing a good second, but |
had no chance of beating the. winner. !
Mutuels paid fS 80. \u2666. . :
field of three lined up In the!
second quarter-mile spin. Leah, winner !
of the first number, repeattd her vie- j
tory by easily disposing of Alvernie from '
the Clark stable and Boastful.: Alvernie ,
was so strongly tipped that she . closed 1
favorite, but- was outsprinted fnnn.Btart j
to finish. Mutuels paid $13 50. ' V-. I
Mr. Marsh rode his second winner, of, the
day In the final slx-furlong run. The mare
eported the Clark silks, and after her sta
ble companion, Bas Blancs, had made
the early pace she took command, win
ning hands down from Carlolly. Tno last
named mare from the Spreckels string
lacked; early speed, but closed strong tin
der the vigorous | urging of Mr. Skinner/
taking the place from Bas Blancs by half
a length. In this event the track record
was reduced from 1:21 1-2* to 1:20 4-5.' j
-....tuels $6 10. Summary: j
First race — One-quarter mile; prize cup or
purse value to: winner $25: >\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0
J.A. Lynch'g b. m. Leah, 144, by Elkina-
Llizle (C. Dunphy) ...:..... I
W. E. Pedley's b. m. Carlotta. 162 • (J. O.
Tobin) ...; . . . \u25a0'. : . . . ...... 2
C. W. Clark's blk. g. Chanate, 162 (Mr. \u25a0
Mackay) .3
Time. :28 1-5. ,"
Boastful 103, Warwick I(>2 and Pegasus 150,
also ran. . " \u25a0...-..
Second race— Three, furlongs; prize cup or
purse value to winner $25: \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
C, W. Clark's b. m.^Baa Hlancs. 153, by.-:
Bliss 'Rucker-Walf (C. Dunphy), :....;... .1
Rudolph SDrecke'.s' eh.m. Althomer, 157
(Mr. Skinner) ... .... :........... 2
C. WV Clark's eh. m. Ethel G,' 157 (Mr.
Marsh) ......... ....... .\..V*.'.V:....... 3
Time, :37?i. ..-\u25a0 . . .
Three , starter*. \u25a0 ' : \u25a0. , ''. . '[
HEMERY LEADS
DARING HEATH
Continued from Page 37, Column 7.
"A fine ride, well run and well won."
he to!d Hemery. The starters were:
No. Driver. Team. Horßepower.
I—Jenatii'1 — Jenatii' German \u25a0 120
2— Duray. .: French 130
3 — Dlngley American co
4— Lancia Italian, .120
s—Kccne5 — Kccne Herman 120
6 — Wagner Frcscn go
" — Tracy American 90
s— Nazzarl..; Italian 120
» — Wariien German 120
10^-S2lsz Fnn;h DO
11— Chri5tie.... ...... American 60
12— Cedrlno Italian 00
l.'l— Campbell German 120
14 — Heath Frencn 120
15 — Lyttle American 90
16— Chevrolet Italian^ po
17— Hemery French j so
18 — White American 40
10— Sartorl Italian 90
SAN RAFAEL AND ME.VLO
GOLFERS IX TIE MATCH
Tourney Will Probably Be Played Oft
at Del .Monte on Future
: );£« ; ?&v* Date.
I The thirty-six-hole home-and-home
i match between teams of' twelve men
j representing the San Rafael Golf Club
j and .the Menlo Golf and Country Club
j was brought to a conclusion yesterday
! on the Fair Oaks course and ended
! in a tie. each team having won twelve
i matches. Twelve elghteen-hole matches
I were played and of these the Menlo
j representatives won seven and the San
; Rafael team five. On the previous Sat
urday at San Rafael the Menlo team
won five matches and the San Rafael
I team seven. The scores:
i Menlo Golf San Rafael j ~~
! & Country Club.f Point* Golf Club. Points
' Capt.J.S. Oyster 1 R. J. Davis .... 0
! Perry Eyre ; 1 A. S.LUIey... 0 .
' Dr. F. H. Moss. 1 J. J. Crooks ... 0
' 8 Hopkins ..... 1 Gustav Sutro .. 0
• E.' Murphy 0 Dr. H.O. Howltt 1 •
'.P. Selby-.. 0 R. B. Hellman. 1
G. W. McNear.. 0 Dr. F.W. Skalte X
IR. D. Glrvin.... 0. Geo. Heaxeiton. 1
-J. R. Smith .... 1 W. Irving 0
lA. P. Redding... 0 Col. Dunn ..... 1
I P B. Roben»... 1 O. Follio O
Dr. J. C. Spencer 1 G. M. Plnckard 0
Score on Oct. 7. 5 Score on Oct. 7. 7
i 12 U
Third, race — One-quarter mile; prize cup or
purse value to winner -5: -
J. A.: Lj-nch's li.;m.vbeih, 144, by Elkins-
Llraie (Mr. Marsh) : . 1
C. \V, • ciark's cl«. m. Alvernie. 1M (C. -
- Dufcphy) ' 2
Rudoiph tjpreckels' ; g. g. Uiasuul, ltt (Mr.
Mackay) ..3
;".. Time, :23.1-5.
Fourth race — Four tur.ohss; prize cup or
purse value 'to winner $-5: .
Rudolph Sprfckels", b. m. Ulctma. ; 148 by
Saivador-Lishtnins (Mr. Skinner) ....... 1
C. \V. Clark's eh. m. Midlove, 152, by Mld
, iothian-Freeiove ~ (C. ' Oirnphy) .'..:........' 2
Time. :s^.
No- other starters. -jM'^'
\u25a0 Fifth race — S!x' furlonjs; prize cup or purse
value to vr'r.ner J23: V .
C. > W. Clark's. Ch. m. Ethel, O. 132, by
Beaconsfite d-Quee.i -. of •, diamonds • (Mr.
Mar5h) .......... \u25a0..'..i.'. 1
Rudolph, Spreckels' eh. m._ Carlolly, 132 (Mr.
Skinner) .';.:=.'... .". . ; ;-. .. . , •>
C. W.. Clark's -b. m. Ra» B'.ancs. lW*(Mr.
Duaphy) ..'.....:....\u25a0...... .".......;...... 3
-.Ti^e. l.'-J 4-i
.Three starters. - _ . • - \u25a0
FAST GELDING
IS ST. BELLANE
In the Belmont Park Weight
for Age Stakes Watkins
Entry Buns Pretty Eace
OSTRICH- COMES. NEXT
Right Royal and Bedouin
Also Figure in Running
Till Stretch Is Reached
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— R. E. Watklns"
chestnut gelding, St. Bellanc. raced home
an easy winner Jn the iieimont Park
weight for age to-day. Ostrich went to
the front after the start and with Right
: Royal and St. Beltane they raced In this
order the first time around. Along the
back stretch St. Bellane moved. up and
nearing the stretch he took the lead and
was never, headed, winning easily by
three lengths from Ostrich with Bedouin
third two lengths away. In the two-year
stake August Belmont's filly Tiptoe was
first and his colt Brldgeman third. Sum
mary: *
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs, main course;
pui-se: two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin..
3 to I—Penrhyn/1 — Penrhyn/ Xv (Sperling). .5 14 15
9 to s—Arklirta.5 — Arklirta. lot» (snaw) '£ '£ \\%i 2
Bto I— Lancastrian. 100 (Burns). 3 413 3
Time 1:12 3-5. Start gocd.. Won easily.
Winner. J. A. Drake's b. c. by Planudes-Lau
rel. Walterwing, PantuflV. Brother Frank. Old
Guard, Benevolent. Tipping. Supreme. Devil
tree, finished aa named.
SECOND RACE — The Champion Steeple
chase; about three and a half miles; three
year-olds and ur»: - s ..x.i . • ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to s— Hylas. 154 (Ray) 2 4 o 11 '-i
5 to I— B. Crockett. 147 (Glghr).4 .11 2GO \u25a0
5 to I—Jimmy1 — Jimmy Lane, 107 (Owens. 6 5 5 3 300
Time t!:57. I Start good. Won cleverly. Wln
; ner. T. Hitchcock's b. g. by Meddler-Forget.
Gansevoort, Woolgatherer, Collgney, Grandpa,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE— The White Plains Handicap:
six furlongs, straight: for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to I— Tiptoe. 113 (W. Davia).2 .1 IKI «
20 to I— Snow. 100 (Miller) » 3 Vj 2 h
7 to I— Brldgeman. 105 (J. Jns).7 5 h 3 h
Time 1:13 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, A. Belmont' <i br. filly by Hastings -
Tarpeia. Security. Brookdale Nymph. Ath
lete. Sahara. Hooray. Cak Duke, Midas, fin
ished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
two-year-old maidens:
"Bt-ttlnf,-. Horue. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3to I— Townes, 90 18. Smith).. lo 7 h 1 %
15 to I— Holloway. OS (Romanlti) 9 11 2 1
15 to I— Gentian. 80 (McDaniel). 2 1 I^3 6
Time. 1:27 3-5. Start stcaggling. Won
driving. . Winner. W. H. Kraft's b. g.. by
Star Ruby-MIM Motley. Mahogany, Nlantle.
Remington. That's - What. G. M. L.. Ous»!.
Pepper Pod and Stalacticai finished as named.
• FIFTH RACE — The Belmont Park Autumn:
weight tor age; two and a quarter miles; three,
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9to s— St. Bellane. 10S «Knapp) 1 2 IV4I *
4to I— Ostrich. 12*- (W. Davis).. 4 162 2
4to I— Bedouin. 10S (Shaw) 3 4 3 \hz
Time, 3:57 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, R. E. Watkin's eh. g.. by St. Gatten-
Bellane. Right Royal also ran. \u25a0 •
SIXTH RACE — One and thrse-sixteentlu
miles; handicap: three-year-olds and up:
Belting. Hon«e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 3 — M. Beaucaire,l2C(Knapp) 4 5 »i 1 h
13 to 5— Red Knight. 126 (Miller) 1 .14 2 4
6to I— lsraelite. 125 (Wiley) 8 7^31
Time. 1:59. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, W. W. Darden's eh. h.. by MacDuC-KaU
PeUetier. Gold Braid. Oliver Cromwell. Car
dinal, Grenade and Flinders finished as named.
JOHX MORRISBY HAS SPEED.
Mike "Welch's Dos Romps Throuprh
Stake at In^leslde Park.
One run down of the open stake and
a consolation stake of the beaten dogs
in the former event furnished the sport
yesterday at Ingleside Coursing Park.
Mike Welch had John Morrlsey keyed
up for some hard running and it was
through the condition the dog
was in that landed him a stake winner
over Rock Roller. Following are the
results, with Judge button's official
scores: . .-
Open stake, first round — Sweetness beat
Whisky Dick. 14-12; For Gold beat Cluster.
10-1; Golden Buck beat Fire Boy. 8-4; Wedge
wood a bye. Acacia Blossom, 6-0; Commercial
Traveler beat Free From Flaw, 6-0: Arthur S
beat Iron Alto. tK"; Russell J beat Irma Hot
foot. 17-2; Whoa Bill beat Mlrs Lucille, 14-5;
Pride of the Hill beat Nickel. 9-3: Odd Eyes
beat Eva O. 5-*?: Doretta beat Rock Roller,
5-2; Rcse Clark beat Queen's Motto, 13-10;
Sunny Shore beat Claremont. 12-1; Ou lda beat
Intruder. 5-0; Sweet Tooth beat Our Darkey.
5-0; Annie Gill beat Vixen, 9-1: Meddlesome
beat Reta. 14-13; Tom Hurllck beat John L.
Sullivan. 5-1; My Surprise beat Reckless Rose.
5-0; In Time beat Wild Belle. 15-3: Lady
Fleldwick beat Yellowtall, 8-6; Tippecanoe
beat John , Morrlsey. 4-1.
Consolation stake, first round — Whisky Dick
beat Cluster. 3-2; Fire Boy a bye; Fre« From
Flaw beat Iron Alto, 9-7; Irma Hotfoot beat
Miss Lucille, 11-3; Eva G beat Nickel. 3-0;
Rock RoS'.ef beat Queen's Motto. 10-6; Clare
mont b*at Intruder. 18-9: Reta S beat Our
Darkey, 11-0; John L. Sullivan beat Vixen.
8-1; Reckless Rcse beat Wild Belle. S-6; John
Morrlsey beat Yellowtall. 10-5.
Second round — Whisky Dick beat Fire Boy,
5-4; Irma Hotfoot "beat Free From Flaw. 9-6;
Rock Roller beat Eva G. 3-6; Reta S beat
Claremont. 5-0; John L. Sullivan beat Reck- !
less Rose, 13-10; John-Morrisey a bye.
Third round— Whisky Dick beat Irma Hot
foot. l»-5: Rock Roller beat Reta S. 6-2; John
Morrisey beat John L. Sullivan. 9-2.
Fourth round — John Morrisey beat Whisky
Dick, 6-4; Rock Roller a bye.
Deciding course — John Morrlsey beat Rock
Roller. 13-3. ; ;
CUSTOMS APPOINTMENTS.— United States
Customs Collector Stratum yesterday dismissed
Discharging Officer EX L. Challoner from th«
service for continuous nnd repeated neglect of,
duty. Andrew Sorensen. a Grand Arm? vet
eran, was appointed in tats place. Richard R.
Rush, another Grand Army man. was ap
pointed In Sorensen's place as night Inspector,
at S3 Der diem.
I¥l l^i Cflfl'E C SAP THE VITALITY
WLII AND UNDERMINE
Old Sores that refuse to heal are a constant THE HEALTH
menace to health. They sap the vitality and undermine the constitution by
draining the system of its very life fluids, and those afflicted with one of
these ulcers grow despondent and almost desperate as one treatment after
another fails. They patiently apply salves, washes, plasters, etc., but in
spite of all these the sore refuses to heal and eats deeper into the surround-
ing flesh, destroying the tissues and growing: to be a festering, inflamed and
angry mass. The source of the trouble is in the blood. This vital "fluid is
filled with impurities and poisons which are constantly being discharged
into the sore or ulcer, making it impossible for the place to heal. It will not
do to depend on external applications for a cure, because they do not reach
the real cause, end valuable time is lost experimenting with such treatment;
the most they caa do is keep the ulcer clean. Any sore that will not heal is
dangerous, for the reason that it may have the deadly germs of Cancer behind
it. A cure can be brought about only through a remedy that can change the
quality of the blood, and this is what S. S. S. does. It goes to the very
bottom of the trouble, drives out the poisons and germs with which it is
S^—^ fi^ed. and purifies and builds up the entire cir-
gp^3 P?~^ eolation. By the use of S. S. S. the sore is
\|^k supplied with new, rich blood which corrects
A &^H§7 £i lo**-3» <«% tke trou ble, soon stops the discharge, and allows
K^iST ** «*siA.y <& the place to heal naturally and permanently.^
?URELY VEGETABLE. S - S -S. also reinvigorates the entire system, and [^
the constitution has been depleted or
broken down it quickly builds it up and restores perfect health. Write for
our^pccjPl >6lc on sores and ulcers, and any medicAl advice you are in need
01; no cliarjc for cither, 7r*'~&WtFT <?ja#v»#r»r» #*n Art amta £sm
t *..» o TSfSt r i>F*.GfFIC COm, A ILANTA, GA*
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
SHAWANA LANDS
AT JUICY ODDS
With the Bookies Laying 10
to 1 Against Him, He Is
There in an Easy Canter
HOGAX THE OTHER STAR
Largest Crowd of the Meet
Turns Out at Latonia to
Witness Some Good Sport
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Oct. U-— The large3t
crowd of the meeting attended the rac«^
at Latonia to-day, which was marked by
pleasant weather and a fast track. Th*
card waa an unusually good one. with
the fourth event, a handicap I'or the oW
er division and six end a • half furlongs
handicap for two-year olds, being the
features. Shawana, at 10 to 1. won the
former, in easy manner, while Hogan
captured the two year old race. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; selling".
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fhi.
6tc I— Calabash. \VH (Shea) 8 12 1«
11 tc s— Mlltladea. 105 (Treubel).. 4 2 2 2 Vj,
4to I— Granada, lus (Nlcol) 6 S&Bh
Time. 1 :07 3-3. Start yood. Won easily. Win
ner, W. S. Price's b. c. by High OrJer-Sarub.
Tinker 97 Yoiub 10S, P«n;as;on 108, Polly For
est 97, Bitter Hand IC2. Tichlminso lus and
Mint Boy 100 finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One mile; three- year-old«;
Belling:
Bettlnsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3to I— Varieties, 9tf (Jackson) .. 4 2h In
11 to 10— Jchn Lyle, 100 (Swain).. 3 3 3 2 4
4to I—Thespian.1 — Thespian. ICO (Morris) . . 0 12 3>a
Time, l:4OJ-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. Walker's br. g. by Maasetto-Vain
jrlory. Doiinda IC3. Hrushton W, Amberlta 104.
Jungle Imp 97. Topic 102 and LUdta 100 fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. $i Fin.
3to I— Saaton. 110 (Swain) X 11 14
20tol — Covina 97 (Goodchild). .. T «1 2n
20 to I— Chief ilimken, 107(Allen).10 4 h 3 n
Time. 1 :14 1-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Denny Bros.' br. h. (3) by Golden Garter-
Santa Rita. Jack Ratlin 108, Lieutenant Rice
10tt, Jigger IC3. The Englishman 106. Room
mate 103, Liberty Mo ICS. Clydeo ICS and Al
gonquin 107 Anlshed as named. J^
FOURTH RACE — One mile and fifty yards;
threeyear-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to I— Shawana. 100 (Allen)... 112 15
7 to 2 — Branca?, 113 (Sheehan> 5 3 2 2 »4
IS to s—Devout.5 — Devout. 104 {Nlcol) 4 4 2 3 nk
Time. 1:43 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
dinner. Talbot Bros.' eh. f. (O by The Com
moner-Becky Sharp. Coruscat* 103, Mcllvaia
OS. White Plume US. Bonnia Sue. 97. Pipe »l.
finished as named.
FIFTH RACK— Stx and a half furlon**; tw»
year-olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
3 to I— Hogaa. 108 (Treubel)... 3 1112
10 to I— Lady Esther.lOO (Bolnd) 1 2 2 2 %
9 to s— Nito. 11l (Nicol) 5 43 3 nk
Time. 1:21. Start good. Woo handily.
Winner. W. H. Landeman's b. c. by Goodrieh-
ArabeUa. Chief Hayes 100, Mataboa »0. Ker
cheval 102, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and tare*-«bit»»nth
miles: t> •ir-year*old» ant} up: ••lUaa-t \u25a0
Betting Hots*. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Marshal Ney. 93 (Jacksn) 3 1 n 1 1
6 to s—Male5 — Male Hanlon, 93 (Morris) 1 3 2 '2 3
7 to 2 — Brand New. 104 (Nicol). 5 2 2 3 2
Ttme. 1:50 4-5. Start good. "Won easily.
Winner. W. Walker's b. c. (4) by Terrare-
Glenore. Lemon Girl 102. Sam Craig 105. Ul
tra Vires »9. Hickory Corners »«, Lea King 95,
Little Giant 107. finished as named.
WHITE SOX BEATEX AGAIX.
Cnbs Rally In the Seventh and Win
Oat Handily.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14. — The Chicago Nationals
to-day defeated tb* Americans. S to 5. Lund
gren was hit bard in the first Inning, the
Americans scoring five runs. Tho Nationals
rallied In the sixth and tied the score, ana in
1 the seventh they bunched their hits and mads
three more runs. The Nationals nave won
three games and the Americana one game < \u25a0*%
the series. The national commission to-ds^V
announced that the attendance for the four
days was 44,896. The players wtll receive
$10.5C8 of the receipts of the four games
played. Of this sum the winners will receive
$63<15 and the losers $4203. Score:
R. H. E.
Nationals 3 11 2
Americans • 3 9 2
Batteries — Lundgren. Reufbaeh and Kilns:
Owen. White. Bmith. Sullivan and McFarland.
Umpires — Johnson and Connolly. Attendance
17.6401 ' . .. •.-..
BOSTON. Oct. 14. — Tn« Americans won th»
last two games of the local series to-day — 8 ,t»
2 and 4to 3. Scores:
First game — • R. H. E.
Americans 8 11 ©
Nationals 2 * -2
Batteries — Gibson and Armbruster: Young
and Neednam. Umpires — Emslle and CyLough
lin.
Second game— R. H. St
Americans 4 * 1
Nationals S 7 1
Batteries — Young. Harris and McGovem;
Fraser and Moran. Umpires^ — CLoughltn and
Emslle. Attendance, 5906.
ST. LOUI3. Oct. 14.— Shannon's triple, fol
lowed by Smoot's lnfleld hit after two w»re
out In the ninth inning, won to-day's g*m*
for the' National Leaguers. The post-season
serif* now stands 3 to 2 In favor of the Na
tionals. Attendance. 5500. Score:
R. H. E.
Nationals 13 0
Americans 0 4 2
Batteries — Brown and Grady; Glade and
Spencer. _
PRESIDIO TEAM MEETS DEFEAT.
OAKLANT*. Oct. 14. — The Century
Athletic Club football team defeated
the Presidio team by a score of 6 to 9i
to-day on the East Oakland grounds.^
Tho game was well played and hotly
contested throughout. The soldiers
were the heavier, but were outplayed.
The Centuries have yet to meet their
first defeat.VOTERS OF TWO DISTRICTS
WELCOME TO JOHN S. PARTRIDGE
Mass-Meeting in Thirty-Second
Hears Fusion's Nominee.
THIRTY-FOURTH FILLS THE HALL
Men Pack Stairway in Eagerness
to Listen to Candidates.
The fusion nominee for Mayor, John
g. Partridge, and his fellow candidates
on the Republican-Democratic ticket,
rlsited what is supposed to be one of the
t great Eatf strongholds last night in the
* Thirty-second District, w~ere they ad
dressed a large audience at Mangel's Hall.
From the reception accorded the speak
ers in the district, it is apparent that all
the shouting ie done by th<- Ruef-Schmitz
adherents, while the fusion voters* are
steadily working for the ticket.
Mangel's Hall was tilled with the rep
resentative classes of the district and
on only one occasion was there a cry for
tlie opponent of -~r. Partridge. This cheer
was so weak that one of the speakers
urged the few noi6y ones to try again and
do better.
The first speaker introduced by P. J.
Hagrgerty, the presiding officer, was Pe
ter J. Curtis, the present Sheriff and fu
sion candidate for re-election. Curtis
made a straightforward appeal to the vot
ers for an indorsement of his acts as
Sheriff and was heartily applauded. He
said that he feared " no man and assured
his hearers that he would uphold the law
and preserve order In the community
while acting as Sheriff. He closed with
an appeal to the voters on behalf of
Samuel Braunhart, the Supervisor, who
Is now on a sickbed and unable to make
his campaign.
i:m:mii:s spread lies.
General C. A. Woodruff followed Ed
:nond Godchaux. candidate for re-election
as Recorder, and appealed in his speech
:o the mothers and fathers of the city.
He described the wide open conditions of
Chicago and compared them with the
pres+nt conditions in San Francisco. He
~sosed with a description of the develop
ment of SSan Francisco by natural causes,
4J> ne of which could be attributable to
.Mayor Schmitz and fully answered the
rry that Schmitz was responsible for the
cuy's growth.
The speaker was interrupted by ue en
trance of Mr. Partridge, who •was warmly
cheered and who was then presented as
the next speaker. Mr. Partridge said in
part:
•'Already my enemies are spreading vile
scandals about me and seeking to lie
aboi" me to the people. They supposedly
quote an article of mine In the case of
Hess vs. the Typothetae, and by garbling
the writing and leaving out portions of
the context seek to paint me the enemy
o- labor.
"I^ast Tuesday night I warned the
Kiafters to do their worst. I wanted to
bo fair in this whole campaign, and so I
-mcd them to do all thoy could to de
feat me. They have taken the warning.
and by their actions we know who they
are. They are driven out into the open,
un'j|'rom now on it will be give and take
<>nW>oth sides. They are* uttering lies
about me on the stump; they are pre
paring scurrilous printed matter for cir
culation; their hired thugs are tearing
down my banners and assaulting the men
who put them up. The campaign commit
tee is sending out banners bearing, the
words, 'Against the Grafters.' No man
can object to those words, unless he Is a
grafter. I know there are thousands of
honest men who are supporting my oppo
nent, and they can have no objection to
those words. But the men who are sup
porting my opponent because they want
V) graft are the ones I mean. And again
defy them to do their worst.
SAX FRAXCISCO'S REPUTATION.
"Many of you here are my friends, and
I want you to take this message and pro
claim it wherever you go: That if the
fusion ticket is defeated, the world will
believe, rightly or wrongly, that more
than half the people of San Francisco
are in favor of corrupt government.
"In connection with the Spring Valley
Water Works case, I have met a num
ber of eminent engineers from Eastern
cities, and, like every one who visits us,
I have found them enthusiastic in their
praises of San Francisco and her future
prospects. Without exception they have
Informed me that al lthrough the Bast
men are looking to this city as a profit
able field for the establishment of large
enterprises. 'But,' they say, 'you have a
very bad reputation. Your city govern
ment is considered so corrupt that men
who intend to Invest here are waiting for
& change.'
"Aside from every other consideration
that fact is doing incalculable harm to
every man in San Francisco, no matter
how he earns his living. ' It is doing harm
to the property holder, because .if new
capital Is invested here it means an in
crease in real estate values. It means
harm to the wage earners, above all, be
cause increased capital means plenty of
employment and high wages. How can
er.y man who works for his living be in
favor of an administration which drives
business away from the town?
want to say to you, as I said last
"f^nt in the Twenty-ninth District, that
any man who says that I am under the
domination or control of any body of
men hostile to labor lies in his throat,
and I defy him to produce the proof."
As Mr. Partridge left the hall Henry U.
Brandenstein. the fusion candidate for
District Attorney, entered and was warm-
I DEVELOPED J
I carry a full line of Non-
Curling Films. I develop Films
free when you buy them of me
or have me do your Photo Print-
ing. Here are my prices for
Films: 2%x2%. J&c; 2Hx3%.
20ci m&XtUT, 25c; 3%x3%, M>cj
3'4x4 1 /i. 35c; 4x5, 5x4 and ZMx
51/.5 1 /. 45c ,
Don f t fall to get a sample
dozen of CVKO Developing
Paper; any size up to 4x5. lo«.
ily prices for Pnoto Printing
are as follows: 2%xSU. 4c,
•>'Ax4^. 3*£x3% and 3^ixiV*.
T«\ 4x5 andSiixS^.CcjSxT.lOc
]0 per cent reduction on large
orders. _ _\u0084 .
* Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS;
F. TV. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 Market St., San FrtncUco.
ly cheered. Brandenstein gave them some
inside facts regarding the relations be
tween the Mayor and the Board of Su
pervisors, and told several stories well
known at the City Hall regarding the
graft practiced in the municipal build
ing. He closed with an answer to the at
tacks made upon him personally by the
gangsters.
AT DUVEXECK'S HALL.
"Voters of the Thirty-fourth, I have
lived among you since boyhood and stud
ied your needs almost twenty years. 1
know what you need in this district and
when I am Mayor I will see that you get
equal privileges the same as any other
part of the city." These were the words
spoken by John S. Partridge last night
at Duveneck's Hall at Twenty-fourth and
Church streets before an audience that
filled the place to overflowing.
From the time of Partridge's entrance
until the close of the meeting he was re
peatedly applauded and cheered and the
reception accorded the candidate and his
associates on the fusion ticket has
spurred on the Republican and Demo
cratic workers of the district to renewed
but friendly rivalry for the success of
the nominees. The remainder of Mr.
Partridge's speech follows:
"Not only have I studied the needs of
the voters of the Mission, but those of
the entire city. I am strongly and heart
ily in favor of a better water supply than
that which now exists, and I will do all
in my power to secure it. "When it was
proposed to bring the Sierra streams to
our city we made a visit to the mountains
and attempted to purchase the water
shed. We there found that other inter
ests in this city were working against us
and appeals have been made to Wash
ington. I promise you to do all in my
power to obtain the supply.
GRAFTERS 3IUST GO.
"I have given the grafters fair warn
ing that I will throw every one of them
from the City Hall when I am elected,
and they have all turned out against me.
I am glad to see it. for,, although I did
not to seek this nomination and did not
want it. 1 am determined not to let them
whip me and they will know that they
have been in a fight. Not by tearing
down my banners will the gangsters be
able to defeat the fusion ticket. This is
not going to be a fight on points, but will
go on until the count of ten is made and
the gong rings the defeat of one or the
other of us. I do not fear any attacks
made upon me and will answer any at
tacks. lam not afraid of anything they
may attempt, from viU abuse to physical
violence. \ \\. \'',
"This present administration has had
the advantage of $1,770,000 from the
sale of bonds and still the streets are
unpaved and uns«wered and the
schoolhouses are yet to be built.
"Why, over in this section of the 2ity
there is a school to be erected for $119,
000. City Engineer Grunsky estimated
the cost at $108,000, with contingeaies
amounting in full to $119,000. and yet
the school is yet to be started. I -rill
build the Geary-street road, not t ilk
about it, and will see that the sewers
are constructed. Are laboring men
going to vote for a man who holds bi ck
the development of the city? I say co."
While the audience was awaiting the
arrival of Partridge, Henry U. Bran
denstein addressed it on the falsity of
the opposition, claiming that the issue
of the campaign was the Citizens' AKi
ance. He also told of the hiring aid
firing of the employes of the Board of
Health by those in power, according to
a list furnished in the Mayor's offl :e
by Buet.
where: steals are made.
P. J. Healey, who presided at tie
meeting, also introduced Dr: d'Ancon t,
candidate for re-election as Superviso/.
Dr. d'Ancona told of the friction be
tween the present Board of Supervisoa s
and the Mayor and spoke of the trich -
cry of the gangsters throughout the de
partments of the City Hall. •
Nominee for Supervisor, John A. Me •
Gee, who is making a strong campaign,
reviewed the stand of the Police Com
missloners during the great teamsters
strike In ordering police on the wa
gons, and said that one man stood out
against putting them there, Commis
sioner Dave Mahoney. The first thing
Schmitz did was to remove Mahoney
and appoint, instead, Drinkhouse, the
man discredited by the cigarmakers.
Hutton, who was placed on the board
by the City Front Federation, was re
moved by the Mayor to mak«. place for
Ruef's personal friend. Dr. Poheim.
H. G. Davis, a leading: Democrat of
the district, told of the graft of the ad
ministration in the civil service, in the
Yorke & CoYs bill for three times the
amount of work really done, in the
High School textbooks, in the shaving:
of police and firemen's warrants and in
the hold-up of salo,onmen whose
licenses are threatened. •
The other speakers were Fred Egr
gers, Edmond Godchaux, John' Connor
and Joseph A. Nyland.
SECURING EVIDENCE
AGAINST BEEF: TRUST
Government Prosecutors Is
sue Subpenaes for For-
Packers.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Important sub
penas for former officials of packing
companies said to have been consolidated
into the National Packing Company and
for former officials of the latter company
were issued to-day by the Federal offi
cials. An attempt is being made to show
in the trial of the packers. that the men
eubpened signed contracts or. knew of
such papers, binding the owners of the
consolidated companies to an agreement
that the signers would "not engage in the
tame line of business after the sale.
The Government apparently will try to
show that the new packing company is
practically a clearing-house and that by
its organization trade commerce and com
petition was thw -cd. .
The list Includes the following: . George
H. Taylor, treasurer of the Continental
Packing Company; Thomas E. Wells,
former president, of the Continental Pack
ing Company; Benjamin S. Wilson, for
mer secretary and treasurer of the Con
tinental . Packing Company: Fred Cowin,
secretary of the Anglo-American, Pro
vision Company; E. F. Robblns, former
president of the Omaha Packing Com
pany; T. W. Taliaferro, former
tary of tne Omaha Packing Company,
THE SAN FRANCISCO :GALL,v SUNDAY, ..OCTOBER ;;15, : 1905.
ROWDIES TEAR
DOWN BANNERS
Blue Streamers of Partridge
Are Offensive to the Eed-
Buttoned Ruef Ruffians
VANDALISM IS RAMPANT
Fusion Campaign Committee
Receives Prompt Support
From City's Business Men
i Rowdy supporters of Ruef and Schmitz
are tearing down and destroying the fu
sion banners. On Oak street yesterday,
i attaches of Ruef's Board of Public
I Works engaged in the vandalism of pull
| ing down sisns.
I Partridge banners at Powell and Call
l.fornia streets were destroyed by a wagon
load of, ruffians.
At Devisadero and Fell streets , a mob
of Ruefters tore down the fusion stream
ers.
On Fulton street, near Stahyan, gang
sters of the corrupt city administration
destroyed Partridge banners. . \u25a0- - :
Yesterday on Hayes street, near Brod
erlck, red-buttoned ruffians, recruited in
the red light district to do campaign
work for Schmitz, tore down a big blue
Partridge streamer.
Ringleaders of tho Schmite gang that
trampled on the American flag at the Al
hambra Theater yesterday defaced f the
Partridge streamers on Fell street.
On Baker street . another bunch of
Schmitz hoodlums tore down the fusion
banners.
Vandals of the Ruef camp are resorting'
to this kind of lawlessness : in every dis
trict of the city. The police pay no at
tention to these acts of vandalism. The
law-abiding citizens of San Francisco are
becoming so accustomed to exhibitions
of lawlessness that they would not be
astonished at the spectacle of the Chief,
of Police himself leading a band of row
dies in a raid against the nominees of
the fusion ticket.
Grafters chortled in their Joy when they
saw a paragraph in a morning paper yes
terday that only five merchants of the
city responded to Louis Sloss 1 Invitation
for a conference, on finance at fusion
headquarters.' The hilarity was prema
ture. The response to Mr. Sloss' circular
letter was prompt and gratifying. . There
will be no lack of means to meet the
expenses, of the Partridge campaign. ';
Before Mr. Partridge accepted the
nomination for Mayor he frankly said to
the members of the organization commit
tee of the San Francisco Republican
League that he had no money to conduct
the campaign. The committee then told
him that the citizens of San Francisco
would contribute the money. When David
Rich suggested to his fellow members, of
the executive committee that Mr. Part
ridge Bhould be chosen as the nominee
for Mayor it was quite well understood
that the latter had no 'money to make
the fight. Republicans and Democrats,
who have gone Into the battle to drive
the grafters from power, will see to it
that a sufficient sum of money Is raised
to effectively organize the forces of
fusion In every Assembly district of the
city. Louis Sloss, as chairman of the
finance committee, will see that the mon
ey Is properly applied. Merchants, bus
iness men, professional men and wage
earners have confidence in his' integrity
and Judgment. There will -be- no black
listing of men who do not contribute to
the fund and there will be no "hold ups"
or forced assessments.
If Mr. Herrln wants to contribute to
the fund on his own personal behalf or
as the representative of the Soumern Pa
cific Railroad, it. 'is presumed that the
committee would cheerfully accept the
donation.
There Is a deep and indisposed feeling
throughout the city that a change in the
administration of municipal affairs would
promote peace, prosperity' and decency.
The fusion campaign committee' Is as
sured that many men prominent in labor
unions entertain the opinion that organ
ized labor cannot stand for Ruef. ';
To-day the fusion j nominees for office .
take a well-earned rest In preparation for
the arduous programme of campaigning
mapped out by the campaign committee.
To-morrow night Mr. Partridge will speak
at Phelps Hall and Twin Peaks Hall.
The other speakers will be: H. U.
Brandenstein, Charles A. Swelgert, H. G.
Davis, Daniel A. Ryan, H. B. Leland,
John Connor, A. J. Fritz 'and Jesse W.
Bryan.- Tuesday night Mr. Partridge will
speak at Harmony -*all, Mission Opera
house and Teutonla Hall. The -other
speakers will be: H. U. Brandenstein,' Jo
seph C. O'Connor, O. C. Pratt, R. L.
Hathorn, A. Comte Jr., J. S. Nyland and
John J. Greif/
PROPOSED ANGLO-CUBAN
TREATY TOO ONE-SIDED
Gives Practically No Benefits to the
Island and , Hits at* the
' United States.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— Information
from Cuba that there is a growing dis
satisfaction- there .at the . terms ( of the*
proposed.. Anglo-Cuban treaty has de
veloped here the fact -that the Wash
ington Government thoroughly appre
ciates, the reasons of the Cuban people
or objecting to the treaty.
The official view, here is that the
treaty is distinctly, disadvantageous to
iluba in that it precludes that country
j rom renewing with (he United States
1 er reciprocity treaty, which, under the
I resent arrangement, is effective only
fur five years. The Anglo-Cuban
tieaty. It Is pointed; out, gives^practlc^
ally no benefits to Cuba and shuts her
o!t from receiving advantageous"treat
m snt at the hands vof the United
suites. v. r ;^ ;; i ." . \ o.: ;
LATE SHIPPING : INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. October 14;
S:hr A. M. Baxter, Isaacksen. 6 days from
B.ltln*ham. BAIUSD . • „. .'
Saturday. October 14. ;
Stmr Charles Nelson, Preble, Seattle.
Etmr Nome City, Hansen, San Pedro.
Ktrar Rainier. Hansen, Bellincham.
Stmr Celia, Hansen, ", Albion. •. '
DOMESTIC PORT?.' ; / 1- .
SEATTL.E-'Arrived " Oct * 14-^Stmr Santa
Clara, from Valdez; • stmr Dolphin,' from Skag-
Way * OCEAN: STEAMERS. ' . ;'
BOULOGNE^ — Sailed Oct ; 14c— Stmr Staten
dam, for New York. _
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Oct 14— Stmr St. Paul,
for New York. .'\u25a0--\u25a0'\u25a0 "\u25a0 ;•:\u25a0- .:.. -,V
Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Grosser Ku rfu rat, . from
NeW.York, for Bremen," and ' Proceeded., "
LlVEßPOOLr— Arrived '" Oct , 14— Stmr I Bovic,
from New. York. \u25a0 ; \u25a0 '
VENICE— Sailed Oct 14— Stm Glulia, for
New York. , /-\u25a0-*•" -.- \u25a0 : .
BREMEN— SaiIed - Oct 14— Stmr Friedrlch
der Groese. for New York. .
LONDON — Sailed Oct ' 14-^-Stmr ; Minneapolis,'
for- N«w ; i. York..'. ;"".«55585358! \u25a0\u25a0".\u25a0'\u25a0
I Arc You Suffering From VaricocclCvNcrvous Debility, Rheumatism,
Kidney and Stomach Trovi3le,Or9anicWeakncss? I Will Cure You.
_ -How many men are suffering miseries for the want of a simple remedy?
-k^-'^SS They do not live; they simply exist. In the faces of thousands can be read
r*JJJ\£j«a the story of a wasted life and blighted hopes: joys and pleasures are un-
: ~ st"-- JLiSi known to them because their. vitality is being sapped. Varicocele, wasting
M//fitoto£\ \u25a0 \u25a0 \ »JzMm drains ' liave exhausted Nature's Electrical forces and left them wrecks
BWjr*\ \"*"~TW^ u P° n tlie shores of life. Many have sought in drug and patent remedies
flSpijf- '£f/Sf /S ] /if to relieve their mental and physical sufferings. They arc soothed for a
-*K*l\ ijSr - \u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 i/v^^'- \ day, or maybe a week, falsely braced up, until, the 'effects of the drug
• 00 "^ ' - \ wearing off like the momentary bracing of whisky, they sink still lower
' . >^""V ' >#/ >' / \ ' n vitality, and, with hope exhausted, lose confidence in themselves and
gjffllfels. [t / 'V ( >^ - L I their fellow-man and decide to abandon all efforts to recover their power,
Kg^ttS • y*X* v y J ) feeling that there is no help for them. Man. do not sacrifice yourself in
[I EH 3tt»W ' 'S^S\S.S+' \T" ' "\u25a0P^r^ si this way. Do not endure this living death while Nature holds out to you
re IjSWHMtw^- jJ r /S / s / >' f sS ' TV^ *^r '/ relief in the form of Electricity — that vital element of which by a life
ll^ffia // SS-S's' .^AX* of dissipation you have deprived yourself— tearing down faster than Nature
i HiiPliSSi /*? '/sV/x S^ 11 < * SS < S= -~*1& could rebuild. In this great restorative— Electricity— there is life and hap-
8 Ilil»iiililia!H»^ piness for you. It restores power to the weak and indifferent; it builds up
i l&Hffiillllitra X^^^^^^y^^'^ tne weakened system, and by its vitalizing, stimulating cure it makes the
fa [^TOJ^^^ii n^V^ > '< ~^~~ % - lC2^sVjllL •'. blood jump through sluggish veins, increasing the circulation to every part,
M i^^^E^P^^Kßn^^^^^^-^^*-' "** ~*~~J^--^^^^^^^S assisting Nature to carry off the impure matter which clogs up the wheels
eg ftfiS^^^^i^^^^^^ iw! Wg"^" -"• ~~-~-— lialgrowiia Every weak man wants to feel young again! To realize the joyous
I'l^ra^^^^^^^^ S~ftySV^ T"^" ~" — - — --w Su ' sparkle of nerve life as it infuses the body with its glowing vitality; to feel
U Bjjjljsllltllij ""^^^ l S^7r-^~-^~r~ -t^'-L _._ " W~~ \^f the magnetic enthusiasm of youthful energy; to be happy, light-hearted and
H WbEbMe&jmSI I m " *J^~~^ 4."^* * I I u^ °^ J°y° us impulses; to be free from spells of despondency, from brain-
la!^^^^ vSNTn^-uT^*--^ *~" \ I J wandering, from the dull, stupid feeling; to have confidence, self-esteem and
N JSbSKSBEBBf Vi^\l\ **^ -"T / I the admiration of men and women! Such is the wish of the broken-down
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTOIC BELT
i • ... .... Makes men noble; it causes the nerves to tingle O * • A
I Is the \Vav heart 'with^fieh^g I *^^^ 'Ciet Collie Lite
a *-«*V \u25a0 -_ : : X, '\u25a0 \£ thing look bright and makes the nerves like .
I 1 hCV l^eei. a it doefthis while you Asleep by pouring Elec- UltO YOU.
1 / ' tricity, -which is' Nature's, enerjry, into your What's the use of draeeine your leffS
i The men who had given' up hope, who nerves and blood. Electricity is life to the vital _--„% tt.«i i:v» -
I . . . 6 / \u25a0 parts: when they are weak it will make them about like a wooden man? Feel like a
| thought there was.no cure for them, un- P t a r r o "g. . \u25a0 . man of spirit. Away with the pains and
I til they came upon. Dr." McLaughlin's i DR . McLAUQHLiN-Dear sir: ah signs of thel aches; off with this wretched feeling as
II Electric Belt Now they are -full of life weakness and the discharge pf which i com- jf you were .seventy years old and had
B lcctric DCIv ' v*vw. uicy dre mil oi me plained have passed away. A few months ago I t ,_ . ±* 7 r> ji*-^
i and overflowing with iovous snirits was a ver y slck man - and thl9 weakness, had one loot in the grave, tome and let me
| ana overnowing wun joyous spirits. &one so far aB to afree t my digestive organs, but nMt lift; into your nerves • let me rive
I Pains are trone weakness has cone and now lam up and around and attending to my put me. into your nerves, let me give
0 rains are gune, wedKne&b nas gone, ana buslness w i t hout any trouble at all. I have had you. a new supply of youthful energy.
I: full vigor is in, every action. ; I^fiiw^s flnd^VpieasurT^a^'aii^ Let me make you feel like throwing
1 Do you want to feel like that? Then v ? Bthlngs8 thlngs the 7 your chest' out and youK head up, and
I wear the grand life-saving, appliance for " — " san martin, cai. sa y' m 8 to yourself, "I'M AMAN!" Let
1 V ~,««fV,c «f -J^f Tf \u0084mll A, rm dr. Mclaughlin— Dear sir: I cannot and me give you back that old teehng 01
m two months at night..^lt Will Charge WO rds to express my gratitude to you for the \u0084r tMit f,,l firf , v ; m ~ n A rO iira^e I ran do
1 « *r, r «-f,r« ™;*u *Ur+ r ;r i;f« *«a ,^,, help your Beit has been to me. The lame back, youtntul hre, vim ana courage. i can ao
\u25a0 every nerve with.- electric lite, and you the tendency toward biliousness, and what used j t so t^ at i n two months you will won-
I \u25a0 will feel rejuvenated. and invigorated. It %%° o ll le f^notg'vtyou^Beirtoo^muc'h der that you ever felt so slow and poky
I puts steam into your run-down body, %* %lt\%nZ h to e ™*nl\*T wishing yJu 'coffi as you do now. Act to-day. Life is
I drives away pain and renews youth. &r f t efui C iy? S yy ° Ur *°° d workp i ""tomkin!* sweet, so enjoy every minute.
a ETI^BTBr O^lkOH/ r Every man who admires the perfection of physical strength should I _. -- n nm J f1 •
I rWrr bSIIIIb\ read'my beautifully illustrated book. It tells how strength is lost llf fij ( IflCl P* R I I H
@ lfi%B-a- 18^* and how Irestore it with my Electric Belt. I will send this book, 111. HI. V. lTlWL<aU^llllll 9
§ closely sealed, free upon receipt of this coupon. If you are not the man you should be, write to-day. g^, Market St., Above Bills, San Francisco.
H . ; '. : /V/R | I Ti^ ff\ li \/ '-'H y° u C3in > ca^ an( l 9ce me » and -I will show you how you Send me your Free Book, 1 closely sealed,
E| \j/%LiL. E \3~b3l\ b » can be cured - and Kivc >° v a free test ° f my Belt - and ° biise -
I Consul tntinn Frpe offlcs Hours Ba ' m « toB p- ra » ADriRESS
|^ VUIIMJILctIIUn rrty* Sundays 10 to 1. -| : . address '"'"^' ''''''''''
CHEERS GREET MAYOR SCHMITZ'
SPEECH TO WAGE-EARNERS.
Crowd in Electricians' Hall Approves the* Sentiments Ex
pressed by San Francisco's Chief Executive. ,
"I would rather be defeated In my can
didacy for Mayor than to have it said
of me that I was in office with the collar
of a corporation around my neck." Thus
declared Mayor Schmitz at a meeting
held at Electricians' Hall, 35 Eddy street,
last night. The room was packed to over
flowing and the Mayor . took the oppor
tunity to carefully go " over what he
termed the general results of his admin
istration. '
Municipal ownership of public utilities
was the Mayor's theme at each of the
two meetings which he addressed last
night. He urged " in no mincing terms
that the voters of this municipality elect
the Union Labor party -ticket from top
to bottom, so that he would -have some
power behind him to help push what he
promised would be a real reform. He
pledged, himself to see that the new
schoolhouses were built and that the
rates on gas and water were reduced.
He claimed that the 50,000 men . who
marched In the parade on Labor day
were his supporters and that on Novem-
COMMISSIONS ARE ISSUED
TO MANY NATIONAL GUARDSMEN
Xew Collar Decoration for Officers of
the State Soldiery to BeWorn
Next \u25a0 Year.
. Commissions have been issued as fol
lows to officers elected in the National
Guard' of California:
Staff of the commander in chicf — •
Wilbur Stuart Tupper, lieutenant col
onel and aid de camp, vice Kirkpat
rick, retired.
Signal Corpsy— George .-Mearns Scott,
captain Second Company,* vice Jones,
promoted; Charles Walter' Jones, first
lieutenant, Second Company, vice ScotC
promoted; George Washington '- Miller, 1
second lieutenant, *; Second .Company,
original, under act of Legislature of
March 18, 1905., - ; • . \u25a0
Second _ Infantry — j William Wesley
Martin, j first lieutenant, /Company -"E/,
vice Canon, term' expired; VWllllam Ed
ward Templeman, second, lieutenant,
Company E, vice Martin, term expired ;
John Copland, first lieutenant, Company,
H, vice Smith, promoted.
Seventh Infantry— John Albert-Hen
jum, captain, Company D, vice Midg
ley, promoted. V»
r Hospital- Corps .-—.Theodore' Rethers,
lieutenant colonel,|vice. Reynolds, com-,
missioned lieutenant colonel, and aldde
camp," staff : of •; the- comander in "chief.
He will be chief surgeon; of said, bri
gade.- Shad worth Oldham . Beasley,
major and' surgeon, vice Rethers, pro
moted. • • yvf^
Naval Militia— John Edwin Parrish,
ensign, Third Division, vice Winnek, re-.
signed. ; W~r- * - .' ..'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'. !•\u25a0'.."\u25a0\u25a0', \u25a0 -'-\u25a0
Inlaccordarice with the provisions, of
an act" of the Legislature approved Feb
ruary 20, ; 1872 ti commissions .have- been
issued "to the following named. military"
instructors of military schools : as ima- v
jors. \u25a0'.. National Guard, of California: S.
R; Douglas, military Hitch
cock Military, Academy, San- Raf ael;'" vice
Sullivan,. resigned ;lEdward Moore, mill-.
, tary Instructor,^ St. \\ Matthew's
San Mateo; vice Matthews, 4 resigned.^
•Certificates of -j re-election have ibeen
issued v to the "\u25a0 following named officers,
National ; Guard ;of z California:
~ Second r{ Infantry — \u25a0.William v Henry.
.White.^ re-elected j captain, , Company .f A ;'
Joseph Francis : Burk, s ; re-elected ; second
lieutenant;*; Company "A. - V
; The - appolntmen t ;• of \Davld : Franklin
Fox as '.veterinarian," First \u25a0 Squadron "of
Cavalry,?' is .' announced,* a' warrant thav
ing been j issued to him by the adjutant
-- • \u25a0
ber 7 they would carry him into office.
Mayor Schmitz lingered on the fact
that' he was a union man himself. "There
never: was a- man who stood up ; for* the
labor organizations." he said, ''who has
not been vilified 1 by some of the capital-;
istic members of the community. I have
been held up to. scorn; yet I- am the
stronger for It. For four years I have
faced serious problems and during all
of that time I have had the interests of
the wage earners at heart They cannot
say that I have acted unfaithfully." •
The meeting at Electricians' Hall was
presided over by W. A. Cole. G. A. Brow
er and J. S. Cole were assistant chair
men. '. "
The first meeting of the evening "was
helfl at Twin Peaks Hall, Thirty-fourth
District. P. H. McCarthy presided. A
large crowd was In attendance. | The
Mayor and all of the candidates on tho
Union Labor party ticket spoke, for a
few minutes each. Major Kyle and Sec
retary George Berger also addressed the
gatherings.
SAYS IMPORTANT RESULTS
MAY FOLLOW, VALLEY MEETING
Secretary Beard Talks About Irriga
tion I Conference to Be Held This
. . Week' at Sacramento.
Secretary Beard of the Sacramento
Valley -Development Association,- who
is in ; the \u25a0 city, • says \ that . the irrigation
\u25a0conference to be held at Sacramento
next Saturday wlllji.be of much im
portance. Secretary Beard says of the
| gathering:
."The meeting: at Sacramento will
: voice the response of the Sacramento
; Valley. .'.Men .prominent in valley and
State; affairs will be there. - Governor
Pardee will address the meeting, as
will . other citizens. In
cluding 'J.- B. J Lipplncott, Supervising;
Engineer; in this State. •
"There." are immense "possibilities in
this meeting. It may 'mark the com
mencement of the greatest' ,work eveV
undertaken by' the people of cany lr-.
rigable \u25a0 section. * It may ; lead to the
ultimate construction of irrigation and
reclamation works costing $50,000,000
and adding ten times that amount to
values in the valley. ; It may be the
entering wedge* in a. new policy that
willjl created in the short space' of -a
decade wealth that under ordinary ;
conditions would not develop for a half
century." ':.' . \u25a0 \u25a0: "'"•\u25a0\u25a0
general, upon the recommendation of
the comanding officer. ;
The'order mustering out the band of
the Second Infantry, for, disobedience of
orders' to);parade on : Memorial day has
been ; issued and the members of that
band are no longer in the service of the
State. i§ii3S3ipSi!§£ i
• "All _- organizations .' of ,-- the 'National \u25a0
Guard, 'except '.Troop ; C," First ; Squadron
of, Cavalry,*; and . Company B, Fifth In^
fantry, have;been: excused from partlcl-;
pation ;, in practice r marches :or camps
of ;' instruction. The > organizations
named have rbeen in camp' this year.';. l~
\u25a0^From and after the last, day of- the
current $ year . all 'officers /of the r guard .
shall 'wear/on. the 'j collar of dftss,' ser-;
vice ! and ;.white: coats \u25a0 the; letters --CAL..
h"alf!ian; Inch; In ;helg-ht, gothlo In- de
sign; 'on -dress and i white; coats] the let-.
ters/: shall' bei gold! or gilt 'metal, and
oh? service "coats they shall be ; of dull
finish: bronze; metal.
; ; First ". Lieutenant \ Lee . Francis. ; Com
~pany -vAV,; ; Fifth '• Infantry, has - passed . a
successful 'examination before the ex
aminihgflboard.. ' .. .'
HARRIMAN LINES
TO BE IMPROVED
Julius Kruttschnitt arrived • from
Chicago last night and is at the Palace
Hotel. He came to meet President Har
rlman of the Southern Pacific, who is
due" here from the Orient on October 23
on the steamship Siberia.
Kruttschnitt announced last night
that the Harriman lines are all to be
improved in every, way. He said he had
recently placed large orders for rails
and for rolling stoqk. In this list is
included 100,000 tons of ninety-pound
rails. Orders have been placed also
for 140 locomotives, 6000 freight cars,
120 passenger coaches and 72 diner 3.
All of these are to be of the most im
proved style. .
For the coast trade betweeen New
York and New Orleans and New York
and Galveston the company has ordered
two 10.000.-ton steamers, and for the
line running: between New Orleans and
Savannah : a 10,000-ton steamer with
turbine engines is being built. Nine
teen steamers are* already in operation,
on the Atlantic Coast.
In reference to improvements on the
lines on this coast, Kruttschnitt said
that the block signal system" was be
ing, put in as rapidly as possible. The
system Is now complete between here
and Sacramento, and within two years
it will be complete, between here and
Omaha, he said.
The narrow gauge line, he said, would
ultimately be turned ,into a broad gauge
line. " . \u25a0-\u25a0•"".
When asked about the Carquinez bridge.
Krutsehnitt replied that he had positive
ly nothing •to say. , He would * not deny. •
however, that that question would come
up for discussion. when Harrlman arrived
here. | That it will be largely discussed
there , can be no question.
Within the last ten days officials high in
the Southern Pacific have been in Mar
tinez investigating the tide land on the
water front near that point. Last week a
gang of surveyors of the Southern Pacific
was In ' Benicla and it \u25a0Is reported '• that
It made two surveys for a . bridge to be
constructed : from points that would be
1 most advantageous for the railroad com
pany, v
The survey , starts at; Array Point and
ends at- a' place below Grangers wharf.
The \u25a0 second • runs from the hills back of
Benicla, through the burial grounds of
the Catholic fathers, .near the Govern
ment; arsenal,- to a point in the hills Just
below the Nevada docks. If this latter
survey should be decided upon, .lt will
mean the cutting : out of Benicla and
Port Costa, because the grade on the
Benicia side of the bridge will not strike
the main track until Crockett is reached,
which ' is about two and a half miles
from tha Nevada docks.
The bridge, whenever it Is built, will
have to be. a pier structure, at least
sixty feet above the surface at high wa
ter, according to the statement given out
by Secretary of -War. Taft.
Danish Ladles , Entertain.
/•The Danish Ladies* Relief Society
gave an entertainment and dance at
Saratoga Hall last night. The pro
gramme given by a mixture of ama
teurs and professionals was a creditable
one/: The music was furnished "by
Lamp's Orchestra.- The proceeds ' will
be turned Into the treasury "of/ the
Danish Ladles'; Relief Society.- Judging
from the crowd that attended the sum
wil 1 : be\ a substantial one.
POLICE HUNT;! FOR I SHOPLIFTER.—
Complaints nave • been made to _. the police
about a. woman shoplifter and every effort -Is
being 'made to \u25a0 find \u25a0 her. : She ; is ; described as
about '; 45 : years of { a«:e, : five '_ feet ; three \u25a0 Inches
tall."- of . dark complexion, "with dark - r hair.*
slightly gray, a with ,- gray eyes, " sharp features
and -.refined " in! aooearance. A few days \u25a0 ago
she stole a coat worth $49 50 from "Weinstock.
Lubln i Co.'» •tor»'y-. \u0084
N*it Minister to Hnytl.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— The resigr
natlon of William F. Powell as United
States Minister to Hayti has been sub
mitted to the President and accepted.
As his successor the President has de
termined upon Dr. H. W. Furniss of In
dfanapolis, a prominent negro. Dr.
Furniss is the present Consul to Bahia.
Brazil. He will assume his duties as
Minister to Hayti about November 15.
TWO SUFFER FRACTURES OF ARMS.—
Gilbert Larsen. four years old, suffered a
broken arm by falling oil the rear of a wagon
yesterday. C. Cucklngham. ased 85 years,
who live* at Cti'i Kearay street, fail down
two steps at his home and broke his right arm.
This Trunk
Ts a real barxaln. A Trunk
that has always sold for from $9.60
to $12 everywhere. We must make
room for our . new fall goods. Ma<J»
of 3-ply bass wood. Japanned Iron
bindings and center bend; • soU
leather straps; brass .plated steel
corners, clamps and knees: brass ex-
celsior lock: - best handles: thre*
heavy steel strap hinges; two trays, B
and' linen lined throughout. Hand- H
some and strong. To ft ft ft p H
s«x» !t is to buy it. \ k X H M
SPECIAL PRICE ..QUIUW 1
Other Style* nt Other Price*. . 1
Write for Catalosne. '. ; , V M
A. B. Smith Co. I
116 EHIs Street m
MEN'S DISEASES
We especially solicit
RNfAjrJvOT* those cases of "Weak-
WmK(&!mWm ness," Varicocele. Hy-
tSfr/mSfmnm drocele. Stricture. Con-
KK^BJBW tracted Disorders, Spe-
\u25a0Kraj^JaaSa cine Blood Poison, Piles.
fi^y rOTOTr-* Rupture. Rheumatism.
DX. i.iciit; Loss of Vigor, Catarrh.
STAFF. etc.. that have been un-
1023 Mar- successfully treated by
ket St.- other specialists. Our
Pioneer \u25a0 Men's methods of treatment
Specialist. are different, and -by
curing stubborn and difficult cases have
won reputation from the Atlantic to tha
Pacific as leading specialists in men's
diseases, and have built up the largest
practice of. lts kind on the entire Pacific
Coast, from Alaska to Mexico.
Fees are fair: cure* are permanent,
and you can pay If cared. Entrance
private. BnildinK only used by as.
FIRST SPECIALIST* SO YEARS I.V S. F.
See free museum to-day. Hear freo
lecture to-night and learn who should
marry, who not. and why. Call or write.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF
1023 Market Street. Bth Dldg. a boy 6th.
I ijviciT DR. JORDAN'S cheat
, 7 yosEqa of aBatohy
V /^k loil iISUT ST. fcrt. tiii.Kii.S.F.CaJL
V w3**^ ihtlArrit *n» - om;ctl Mtueom in th«
A "-?r Warld. TV«»*BMi»» M a»r sontrvitd
|i ' K&^| S»«oWUtoutli«Co«tt. K*usSy«»r». -
i > 4sesyA DR. JOHDAN-DISEA3ES QF MM
\ t)dC9fc>9> Canmiltatlao lr«e and atrictir v-i**u
«• f "^Q'fi Trf«mfnt twr* 1 "*-^ or b T I«»'«T. A
hvtl lIW writ» tw »»kv rmi-os^rwt «f
\" i\ (J *»lnj»:» book tor a«a.j .
* DB. JOBD AJ» A CO.. KBl Mar»»tStja^
3940
TM^CALL
JOHN D SPRECKELS..,. Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McN AUGHT. .^ S _ L - .Manager
\V. J. MAKTIX ISuslness Manager
Delivered by Carrterm. » Ct«. Per \Ve*k. 75
Cu. Per Mor.tl.. Single Copies 5 *~*
Terras by Mstl. Including Postage <C« a x% ' tn
Order) : *c a.^
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 WWg
DAILY CALL LlßsletL Sunday). « mos... 4.tu
DAJLY CALI^-Dy Single Month >ff
SUNDAY CALt., I Year *™
MEKKI.T CALL. 1 Year V.'"^...
*W«* {^ly-^^Ye^pirt
POSTAGE. 1 \v teU iy . 1-JK) Ter T«"«- Extr *
ALL FOSTVASTKr.S AUK -MH T "^ RIZKD
TO HECpIVE SUIISCRIPTIONfc.
feazepie Co;L«i wi\\ be forwarded wlien re-
<jurtted. •
MeJl eubEcribtrrs tn .ordering change of ao-
tfrws el-.oulj be articular to g'^%.both NtV\
AXD OLD ADU)tESS in order ta
prompt and coufot compliance with ineir re-
queet.
OAKLANP OFFICE :
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
, AUMEUA OFFICE:
1433 Park Etreet.* Near Sama Clara Avenue.
Plieat AUtned* &53.
BERKELEY OFFICE: _
Cl 4« Center Street. Teiephene Nerth <*
WASHINGTON CORRESrONDENT:
M. E. CRANK 14t«tf O Street, N W.
KEY YORK NEWS STANDS:
TValdorf-Asteria Hotel; A. Breniano, 31
Voion £«uare: Murray Hill Hotel; Kflh-avenue
Houl and Hoffnisn House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6herra«n House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; AucJltorJtim
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building
(Long DUtance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. 5M1TH.... 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf tbe San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Tfcird streets; TP«n until
12 o'riock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. ra.
806 Montgomery aye. : cpen until 9 p. ra.
£00 Haye* etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
6SB MrAiiister «trett; open until 9:Sft p. m.
*"8 Larkin street: cpen until 8:30 p. m.
IS«4l Mission street; cpen until 10 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; cpen until 8 p. ts.
Ncrthe»Et coiner Church ?nd Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
rrtt) Fillmore meet; open until 9 p. m.
4014 J Mreet. new Ocean Boulevard; open
until 9 p. m.
nEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
KELSON. JOUNSON & CO..
901 Montgomery «. Oj>p. Mills Bldg.
f36.00C' — (20,0(10 bank mortgage can remain; 5(»
xIOO, oa »th '«. ; elegant, n.w, modern.
3-ftor> - building; 2 stores and * \u0084«ti.-.;
absolutely the linest lo;.kir.g property on
9tt» st.; a positively a*«>ured lrcmedigte
increase in value.
$8,600 — Fo:s. m ft., north side, near <stb: the
only piece to be had ot les» than $4<xt
per front foot; here is a chajice to make
a rrcfit before you have your title
searched.
$14,000— $:<*«• bank mortgage can remain;
north side Fclsom et.. near 6th; 30 ft.
frontage: 3-«torj building; «oreß and
lodging- house.
$2S,OoCv— Pclsoni Ft., few steps from 4th; 63
ft. frontage; covered with improvements.
IZZ.&JO— Or only fSOO per front foot for Fol-
som rt.. on the north filde. close to
Second f\.; furroundfd by substantial
improvements; this is a «n«p and a quick
. . m is assured.
f!2.0(«> — tfth Ft., near Bryant: store, with
roomlr.g-house above; rents 577 60.
f 6.000— 18th art., near Foltom; 3 well-built
bay-window fiats of 5. 6 and 6 rooms
and bath: rents $53 per month.
$15.000— Howard « . few ft. from Third; lot
2TX 1 - \u25a0 ft.
fl&,6oo— Oth ft., near Howard; great bl* lot.
improved with More and 2 flats of <$
roome and bath; an immediate increase
In value assured.
$12.506 — Must be told; make offer: 50x137:6 ft.,
on the north eide of Poi=t et.. near La-
gur.a: choice building site.
$16.500 — 37:6 ft. en Folsom St.. running
through to rear street; choice buslnew '
block ni-ar 7th st.; rents $102 p*r month.
$25,000— Fo!eom ft., north fide; only $300 per
foot for the ground and SIO.fOO for a
great, big. handsome, well-built build-
ing in perfect condition; store* and flats:
an immediate profit assured; the choicest
Investment on the street.
$26,000--For a few days only; $13,000 bank
mortgage ran remain; 60x80, with large
thre*-stcry building containing 8 stores
and 5 flats; rents $170 per month; here'e
a speculator's snap that will resell for
$5000 prcflt before you gft the deed; de-
ducting the value of the improvements
you are only saying $300 per ft. ; every-
thing celling on Folsom st. at $400 and
over.
$A,760 — Bryant et., near Third, running
through to Welsh st. ; 4 fiats on one
street and five oa the #ther: ground a
snap at the money; rents $77 per mo.
$?,Z5O — Rents $fc« 50 per month; north srlde of
street; McAUister-et. cars pass door; 3
superb, new, up-to-date flats of 6 rooms
ad bath each. locking down on the Park
Panhandle and having an unsurpassed
panoramic view of park, ocean. Cliff
House. Berkeley hills and city.
$4,250— Must b« sold to close an estate; &0x
75, backing up against Sixth St., near
Harrison; 6 well-built flats of 3 and 4
tootss; coct $5000 to build.
$7,090— Rents $75 per month; backing against
Btxth-«t. property; lot 60x80: 8 Cats in
perfect condition: never idle; choice In-
come with unparaJleled futures; ground
alone wcrth tbe price asked.
$15,000— Rents $142 50; 42:0x187:8; on Kenny
tv, near Broadway; 23 flats ot 8 and 4
rooms each; good condition; good plumb-
ing; aaatt tenants for years.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
203 Montgomery st., cpp. Mills Bldg.
». orrz. room 22. chronicle bldo.
Owner and Dealer. ""*. ~
THE -BANNER" BLOCK
Of
PACIFIC OCEAN HEIGHTS,
B«twe«n I and J fu, 43d and 44th Aye».
Being no-* graded to official grade.
Etj-eeU to b« accepted by Board of Pub. Wlu.
Water. Gas, Electric and Tel. Wires.
55 feet ai>cvo ocean.
Most Magnificent Marine and Park View.
Ocean Beach Cars to H st. and. 45th ay*. \
Only one block to walk. "
Pee the teams at work — Get in first
I/Ots »old cheap — Terms to suit you.
Call for Map and Diagram. '
$300 and vp — Oceanside and Parkside Lots
On Ocean Shore an* Parkside R. R.
Splendid view— Very easy payments.
$400 and up— Richmond. Suoeet and Boulevard
Lots — Terms.
fJ>OO and vp — Sfortfe of Park lota on easy term*.
Grcr.2 vleyr of Epreckels Lake. G. G. Park"
and Ocean — On Ocean Shore R. R. \u25a0•
$100 to $600— Exc*!«ior and Ocean View lots,
t' a mcr.th.
tIOOO to $?.000 — Cottages and houses on terms.
BUT DIRECT FROM THE OWNER.
B. GETZ Room 22 2nd Floor
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
A'JDIFFHKD & JACQUES Inc
4'JT EXAMINEK BLDO.,
REAL ESTATE. INSUUANCE
$:;,'\u25a0<\u25a0 v—ltemsv — Items ( V 7U a year; 2 new eats, bas*-
ment end attic: *well: Grove «:.. near
i:nxicrlck; lot 25x157 re.
$C.WH>— Ken* Setti a year; :: flae flats, 6, 6,
0 rounis, pojTtlain bathe; Natoma st.,
cloet- i* -<'.th;ilot i3xS5: Eiortgace $:!0(i0.
$.\7»G — l:e»ta $'4~ a month; 4 well built flats,
3 rootpjv bath, trach: 2d aye., near
Oletnrnt Ft.; lot 25x120. *£•?'•
$13,750 — Reptij ?1110 a year; 3 el'gant new
flats. 7 rooms. Lath, each; Jackson st .
n.'rth line east of Larkin; lot 27:0x137:0-
mortgage |SWK).
LOTS.
$;,o<vv_ fiecratrento «t.« "ncrth - line. near
Cherry; 2-'>xloo.
Corr.er T'lerre and Ore»n Fts.. $ 125 a front foot
AlTiirritni* A JACQUES. 407 Examiner Bldg.
,SOUTH OF THE PARK.
I AM f'l'iir.r the choicest ccean riew lots
right on the line of improvement and the
new car line cheaper than cny unt else tn
the estue district, C»?h or terms.
N. D. NEWMAN.
SO!* Janw Flood building. ;)70 Market st.
A .VKW 4 room and bath cottage for sale.
7M Kilrabeth tt. . _^_____
•tr-O— LOT. Punnet. Ninth aye.; ready to build
on: best bargain in district. Box SSSO. Call.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SAI-B.
G. H. UMKSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
Rents ?21l£ per nn-
nuin: choice HaiKht-tt
;"..= ,*, corner investment —
houses, stcres and flats
$22,500 substantially built and
In rood condition; lot
has over Cm feet front-
age on Haight st;
bank mortgage $10,000
Rents $1572 per an-
num; investment, store
$15,450 fiat and house; inside
of Laguna st; lot 27:0
Rents $12G0 per .an-
num, corner \u25a0 invest-
fia.CeO . m«nt on 7th aye. of
flat bouses and cot-
tage; steadily rented;
45-foot lot.
Choice residence oppo-
site Hamilton Square;
0 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, eubstantlsl-
slo,ooo ly built; with little
outlay could be made a
most desirable home;
30x137:6, with 25-ft
L; gets sun all day.
. . ? - . ......
Reduced from $9i!*o for
a short time oniy; on
account of improvement
of other property; rents
.-..- \u25a0 . $900 per annum; part of
$5.500 which Is on ' lease; 2
modern flats of 7 rooms
and bath each; ar-
rangement xierfect; lot
25x131:3; $4500 mort-
gage can remain.
Rented low at $600 per
•• \u25a0 annum; 2 modern flats
of 5-6 rooms and bath
$7,200 each; nr. Clayton and
Waller; 25x125; must
be sold; make offer.
Choice 8-room resi-
dence near Pine and
Buchanan sts., In first-
class condition, plumb-
s<J.BV> ing having been re-
cently overhauled and
house generally reno-
vated; sold on account
of owner leaving tbe
State.
A bargain; choice lot
$5,000 on Market st, near
loth; 23x90.
Reduced from $4400 to
make Quick tale; nice
f 3.POA 2-etory house ;of 7
rooms and bath each;
25x60; near lMh and
Valencia sts.
Rent? 456 ocr annum;
4 ' good flats "of 3
$3,7»>ft rooms each, consiant-
ly rented; near Folsom;
lot 25x75.
For further j-sarticulars of the above and
for the Real Estate Record, containing a list
of properties for sale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. VMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery St.,
Rtra! Eftate Agents and Auctioneers.
ARONSON REALTY COMPANY,
109 Sutter street.
$165.000 — Corner on 3d St., near Mission;
10.900 sq. ft; old Improvements rent-
ing for $400 per month; land In. this
Immediate vicinity just sold at $20 per
square foot.
$135 000 — On SW. side of Third street, next
to- Howard; lot 60x135. with L front
60 feet on Tehama; old improvements
renting for $331 per month.
$75,000— Corner st Fifth and Townsend on
railroad tracks; 120x100; improved with
2-story brick building on 41 feet; 20x30
covered by frame structure; total rents
$250 per month. .
$51,000 — Near Powell and Sutter sts.: brick
building and basement leased for 10
years at $225 per month; large Im-
provements* being erected within 100
feet.
$27,500 — Third street, near Bryant; 30x160 to
rear street; frame buildings; $128 per
month.
$25,000— Corner on Fifth street, near Harri-
son; old improvements; 63x53; renting
for f126 per racnth.
$18,500 — Corner on 2d et., near Bryant: 46x
BS. with eld improvements; nominal
rents.
$16,50G — TMrd street, ne.ar Brannan; lot Six
75; frame, building; rent $45 per month.
$12,000 — Residence of 8 rooms, attic and fin-
ished basement, \u25a0oa corner near Ash-
bury and Oak sts. ; owner must sell, aa
he is leaving town; make offer.
$7.ooo— Shot well St., near 17th; 3 flats of 6.
6 and 7 rooms, renting for $61; 25x
122:8.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc!)
513 California st.
$30,000 — 85x120 to rear street;' Sutter st:, near
Larkin; SDlendld locality for stores or
apartment-house.
$27,t00 — 4Qixe2:6- corner on Dupont st.; entire
property leased to one tenant' at $175
per month. : '
$21,000— Guerrero st, corner: improvements
consist of 12 apartments ; renting for
$208.
$16,000 — Pacific St., near Sansome; four-story
frame building; rents $110 per month;
tenants pay water and make all repairs.,
$15.000--Un:on st., near Laguna; 60x137:6;
stores and flats renting for $125 per
month. ' *
$12,000 — Baker St., near Golden Gate aye.; 25x
*6:IOH: improvements .3 modern flats
renting for $S7 60 per. month.
$H,6oo— Church Ft., near 22d; 6 modern flats of
4 rooms and bath each; renting for $116
per month.
$10,000— 43 :6x1C0; Filbert St., near Mason:
fiats and cottages; renting for $53 SO per
month.
$8.760 — 25x100; corner Tork and 19th sts.;
, ' Improvements consist of store and flats;
renting for $100 per month.
$7,250—41:3 feet frontage; Larkin st., near
• Firbert; 2 flats of 6 and' 7 rooms; rent-
Ing for $50.
$7,ooo— San Jom aye.. near 25th st.; U-roora
residence, in the sunny belt of the Mis-
sion. .
400 lots" near Ocean View; lots for $25.0 and
' upwards: pure water can be had by
boring. l 4 feet; 5c to. ferry and all parts
of the city; cars pass tbe property.
$2,600 — 25x125; Etanynn. near Frederick; suit-
able locality for horne 'or' flats. '•'" ' "
$2,408 per lot; '75x100; will subdivide Into 8
;\u25a0 lots: Grove, near Central ' aye. ; rapidly
.. growing neighborhood.
GET our list of city property; some big bar-
gains. '" .' " '
$125 each — Choice lota n«ar boulevard at
Irvfleslde.
$1200— Beautiful and sightly lot, 23x100;
Buena Vista Park; near Haight st. ; make an
offer. .
$IM.'O— Choice lot, 25x137:2; on Greenwich
street. " . . ' ' '
$17.500— Large corner on Oak, near Fill-
more : UoxlC2.
$9500 — Corner Pacific and Mason; store and
fiats; rents $71; cheao; bargain.
$12.600— An attractive sunny home on large
corner lot: Western Addition: modern 2-story
house: 9 rooms, hall and bath: ' basement,
laundry, etc.: gas and electric service; nice
lawn and. carden ; Includes furniture and
piano, good as new; room fpr 2 flats on rear
of lot. .--
$27.500 — Corner Bush and Hyde; rents near
$1500.- .
$47.500— Large lot. C2x120 to rear street;
well Improved; Eddy 6tre*t. near Larkin;
rents over $3000. Fcr- particulars. \u25a0'\u25a0
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
5- ROOM new house' and " large" lot, 37:6x120-
finest marine view in the city; space for
driveway "and room for barn; see It to-day;
owner qn premises from 10 a. m. till B'p. m.
161 Twenty-seventh aye.. near Lake et.
VERY cheap lot on Park Hill aye.. 23x125;
level with street; jewer, in; near St. Joseph's
Home: price $700. Apply 421 Sixth st.
BARGAIN — Beautiful home: 7 rooms, bath.
ra 1-575 Seventh aye.. Richmond District.
JCSOO — BARGAIN: 3 flats: Just completed. 140
Tcemont aye.. < near Frederick st.
$4000 — IN choice resident section 'on boulevard,"
new modern 0-room house.' 345 Seventh aye.;
owner on premises.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15/ 1005.
REAL ESTATE—CITY— -FOR SAJ^E.
"T~ BALD WIN & HQWELL;''
25 POET .ST. .
$13.500— C new flats in Mission; rents $124 a
month; beautiful corner lot. ' ,'.
$5,500 — Grand apartment-house site; in. fash-
1 ..lonable neighborhood; lot 50x175, with
passageway to rear of lot.
$10,000 — 3 elegant flats on Gough St.. near Sut-
ler; lot 34:4MfX137:6; key lot; mort-
gage of fUOCO can remain.
$25,000 — Pays 0 per cent net;good investment;'
in Western Addition; new building; good
location; near large transfer corner." (f
$2.400— 0ne lot left «m Broderlck St.. near
Hayes; cheapest and best value? In pity.
162,000 — Broadway corner, near Mason St.; 3-
story frame of 6 stores and 10 flats;
rents $434.
Send for our monthly "Buyer and Seller":
containing a comprehensive list of choice prop-
ertles tor tale. .*-. .
SUTRO HEIGHTS ADDITION.
Sutro Heights Addition.
The only property near"" the beach where
sewer, water and gas*, mains are laid and
where all street work Is' done. ' •
Prices -low; 'cash or terms; splendid oppor-'
tunitles for investors and speculators. ,
Call at" our branch office, - \u25a0 .
" Corner 40th aye: and Fulton St., . . :
Open Every Day and Sundays.
Opposite . Life-saving Station. -
BALDWIN & HOWELL, .
. ' - . Agents, 25 Post st.
PRESIDIO TERRACE.
Discriminating home-seekers prefer a Presi-
dio Terrace home lot because they are assured
of plenty of sun, plenty of room; every modern
convenience and soctai security-
This beautiful park adjoins the Presidio
Reservation, having its main entrance on Ist
aye., opposite Washington St.; you can see the
large gates from the Eddy st. cars.
Send for our beautiful booklet describing the
advantages in buying a lot in the Terrace.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 28 Poet St.
zzr.
BUY SAN MATEO LOTS Ml
Tou can't make a mistake Investing in San
Mateo property— lt'g all good. But you must
look for the best value* In ANY property.
We can give you ,the best values In Ean Mateo
County. For instance: Corners "6xloo feet in
the vicinity of our property KeH for $U0O;
we are telling corners 160x150 feet in our
SAN MATEO PARK
for the total price of $1540. Street work done,
sewer laid and water piped to the Iot— JUST
TWICE AS MUCH LAND FOR $140 MORE!
And our land has an elevation that insures
a view and good drainage. Now here's a
heart-to-heart talk for you to think about.
Also $750 lots in San Mateo Park where the
good values prevail. Terms, 20 per cent cash,
balance at $10 per month.
WE HAVE A FEW $400 LOTS LEFT.
Choicely located, adjoining county road, and
new $30,000 public school, Eewerefl and
watered, roads oiied; 10 minutes" walk frpm
electric cars. Same values apply here.
Now don't you think you had better buy
before the Bay Shore Cut-off gets in? You'll
have to go one-third as high again afterward.
Our office Is at San Mateo, near the depot.
GO THERE SUNDAY!
BALDWIN & HOWELL, F. S. GRUMMON.
» 26 Post St. 'San' Mated. !
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January, 1858.
30 Montgomery st., opposite Lick House.
Real Estate' Agents,
Full Charge Taken of Property.
$22,b00r-<i<vrn^ri iMlde. Sutler, and; Jones sts.;
-. j cheap. \u25a0 -•'- \u25a0•.-.-:'»•\u25a0 v A •»•\u25ba.-<
$11,000—3 fine modern flats; built one year;
on Ashbur'y st.. near 2 car lines; 'rent
-• over $10.0 per month; owner must. sell.
$10,500 — Mason et.,- near \u25a0 Union; two houses;
- . '.rents f&O ocr month; lot 40x87:6. •".
$10,000— Pine st.; 3 fine flats, near Buchanan,
of 7. g ' and 8 , rooms 'and bath; lot
25x100 ft.; rent $1110 per annum.
155,000— Fourteenth Rt., near ' Valencia; 3 flats
paying big rent; make offer; 25x105.
$s,soo— Tenth st.. near Folsom; flats In good ;
order; rented low for $43.
$s,2oo— Waller St., near Soptf. large- lot. 30x
190 to rear street; fine district for im-
provement.
$3.ooo— Cheap, lot; Twenty-fourUi 8.t., near
Dolores: 40x61.
$4r204 r 200 — Cottage, nearly new; 6 rooms and
bath; near Market and Castro «s. ; 25x
102. , '
Cheap lots. Golden Gate aye. and Baker St.;
' any size.; price $2276 and upward; streft
bltuminlzed; lots ready for building.
$s,ooo— Residence of 10 rooms and bath (may
be converted Into flats); Howard tt., not
far from Twentieth; 27:6x122:6 feet.
$1250 — Twentieth aye., near south line of
Golden Gate Park; all ready to "build
en: 10t » 25x120 feet. : ' '
R. BARKER & CO.; 610 Market street.
$3000 — Two-flat hous* in the Mission renting
for $;J} a month; large lot. This is a snap
for somo one. ' '
$4000 — Two-fiat house "on San Jose aye.; street
work done; ' concrete j sidewalks; bltumln-
ized yard in rear; renting value $432 a
year.; owner leaving the State.
$4250 each — Three new houses, 6 rooms and
. bath: all modern Improvements; southern
exposure; tiled sink, mantels, grates, etc.;
must be seen to be appreciated; Nine-
teenth street, near Castro.
$4250— House of two flats on 24th street. 4 and
5 rooms, - and baths, in thorough repair;
rents for $400 per annum; lot' 26x114;
owner lives out of town and wants to sell.
$4(100 — Beautiful new house, 7 rooms and bath;
finished In hardwood; tiled sink; 3 man-
tels, grates, high plastered basement, etc!
$1200 each — Three fine 'lots, , 25x120; close to
California street ' and Thirteenth aye.
boulevard; good value here.' "" '
R. BARKER & CO.. 6,4p Market street.
$10 D«r month for 10 months will make you
more, money than any other Investment' on
the coast. I guarantee 60 per' cent' the first
year. Send me your name, and address and
I will send you free ful particulars. : . j
fLYMANCE. 632 Market St..
- : "San ' Francisco; Cal.
CHARLES B. RUSSELL . PHONE JOHN 4356.
" ..RESIDENCE PROPERTIES ONLY.
$13.000— Leavenworth st..> near Washington;
marine vl«*;'10 rooms; lot 27:6x107:8.
$9,ooo— Locust St..' near Washington ;* lot 2Sx
112; 7 rooms; marine view.
$S, 600— 30x110; Lagusa st.. near Lafayette
" Square; 8 rooms; sunny; 15000 can re-
main; * -.--.-"\u25a0 .-\u25a0\u25a0'-:. «--• .- S
$$t, 000— 27x80; 10-room residence; Fulton at.
• near Park; marine and park view.
$5.250- : -Jackson "st.' t north" line, near Baker;
• • lot 23x127 :8 : bay ' view; ! easy terms." ' '
$4,soo— Jackson st.,'" north side/ near Lyon,-
30x127:8; $3000 can remain; view. *
$3,500j-Green ; «t., 'near Flllmore; 35x137:6;
\u25a0 •\u25a0'• marine "view; near two "car* lines. — '.;.*
$3,250— Locust St.. near Washington: 23 feet.
$300— Lot 66; 25x100: Spring "V." Homestead.
$300—50x100: block 3S; Ocean View; -2 lots.
222 Kohl Building; California and Montgomery.
UNITED STATES IMPROVEMENT AND IN-
VESTMENT COMPANY '
638 .CALIFORNIA STREET.
REAL ESTATE DEPARTMENT.
$40,000 — Business 'property; "large" lot ; north of
Market St., half •a " block, from" Ferry
building: frontage .on . two streets., -
$25,0C0— Second 6t.. near Mission; "chance fo»
' good turn. ' "••\u25a0\u25a0."\u25a0.•.•;..-\u25a0,-.-—\u25a0\u25a0 v •-.
$10,500— Rents $1140 a year- north side McAl-
-. .»• lister st.; best part; 3 modern flats; lot'
25x137:6.; i :, .'.. - >.:.-:,.' ..-.-: -,-- r
$5,500— Clay-st. corner, west of Laurel;. finest
view ln'city;' marine " and ' landscape;
/' choice; "want offer." . • r. \u25a0 •••: - •;-
SEE this; eaßy ; terms^new~6rbonr.Vbath cot-
tage; gits." electricity; "plastered and floored
'basement: roomy closets;- everything substah- r
tial ; lot 25x120: near car* lines: price " $3830.
423 2d aye.. near P. Lobos; owner on premise*
: - . ' - \u25a0-.'". "\u25a0 -:\u25a0: \u25a0 • -*- , :
REAL ESTATE~CITY-— FOR SALE.
SAGE.' DEALEY & CO., ' * ' /
6US Market Et.,. opp. Palace Hotel.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Houses Rented Rents Collected, Insurance.
$33,000— Hayes-st. apartment-house, containing
12 apartments of 4 rooms and batheach;
\u25a0 .very • fine mantels and ; dressers ; gas and
electricity throughout; marble entrance;
pays $320 per month. o\
$27,500 — First-class I corner on Harrison . et. , .
near Third; improvements consist of- a
3-story ; building;' permanent rents $157
per month; mortgage $10,000. . . •
$27.500r-3-story brick building; water-tight ce-
ment basement:' electric elevator; : situ-
ated In the best "portion of the whole-
sale district; rents $150 per month;
\u25a0 must be sold immediately. ,
$25,000— Large "'-. important corner, downtown:
Pacific st- 4 stores and 4 flats" above;
14 flats facing other etreet ; rent $200;
mortgage of $10,000 can remain: this
investment pays 13 per cent on equity;
an unusual opportunity for a quick turn.
$15,000 — Important corner on Powell st; down-
town; rent JllO-per month; mortgage
- $4000 can remain; improvements, 'frame
and brick buildings; must be eeeaj;o be
• appreciated.
$13,500 — 3 new modern flats of 6-7-7.rooms; 2
; gas grates; 2 toilets and aprcelain bath
in each flat; rent $105 per " month;
• Stelner st.,' near Ell Is-st. ' car line.
$13,000 — 6 fine flats of,, 5 rooms each 'on 22d
St., near Castro; large area of ground,
73x114 feet; rents $117 per month; mort-
gage $6000 can remain. '
$12,000— Jackson st, near Walnut; lot 31 :6 x
12":8V4 feet; beautiful 2rstory and base-
- ment residence of 12 rooms and 2 baths;
thoroughly modern and up-to-date; .this
property le worth a great deal more
money; this is a pesltlve sacrifice; must
• be seen to be • appreciated, .
$10,600 — FolEom st. running through to Clem-
" eptlna. 25x16.0 feet :' etore and ' 7-room
flat: 2 flats on Clementina st. ; mortgage
'- $5000. \u25a0•.;.'. , \u25a0\u25a0: -... \u25a0- - ;\u25a0\u25a0 -:. : ..\u25a0• ,
$9,500 — 2 elegant modern flats; lower contains
T rooms and porcelain bath; upper flat
; '-\u0084.' contains - 12 rooms and porcelain bath j
with flnished attic; rent $82 60 per
month; Sacramento St., near Lyon. - '
$9.800 — 3 new modern flats; rent' $90 per
\u25a0 month; Vallejo st. near Hyde; lot 27:9
x 137:6 feet. --\u25a0\u25a0'. " :
$7,000 — Magnificent modern, residence of 8
rooms and bath; entire house heated by
furnace; electric lights' . throughout; '
mortgage $3600 can remain; % block
from the Park Panhandle. \u25a0 ."':
$7,000 — Paying Investment on Harrison • St.,
near Sixth; 5 flats; rent $68 per month;
$6,500 — Mlnna-st. Investment; near Fourth;
I . 3-story.. building containing 10 rooms
and bath: could easily be turned Into 3
flats; great futurg In. store. for- this prop-
\u25a0 erty. " ' •"' \u25a0'.
$6,ooo— North line of Harrison et., near Sixth;
.. business investment; contains store and
flat above; building in first-class order:
. "rend $45 net to the owner; tenant-pays
for water and makes all repairs; patent
flush toilets; brick foundation.
$3,60Q — 3 fine flats, 5 roome each, on Perry
- st, near Fourth: rent $34 per month;
snap for this money. \u25a0
$1,600 — Desirable building lot on H st, op-
posite Golden Gate Park, near Seven-
teenth aye.; Ellis blue oar line passes
the property; great bargain for this
money.
SAGE. DEALEY & CO..
638 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
O. D. BALDWIN.* SON,
240 Busb gt.. Mills building.
Member of Ran Francisco Real Estate Board.
A BIG BARGAIN. ;
$140,000 — The southeast corner of Geary and
;' Leavenworth sts.; 110:6x187:6; present
rents. $600 monthly for" j old improve-
ments:, the cheapest proposition of its
k)pd on the market to-day;, here is
a chance for a turn or to improve.
BUSH STREET— DOWNTOWN.
$40,000— Only two blocks from Mills building;
a fine lot, over 45 feet and very deep;
old' Improvements', right In the heart
of the downtown district; splendid
lot to Improve.
FILLMORE.ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$36,00Q — Near California; fln« building-,- with
stores, etc. ; .on a lot over 60 feet
j - wide; leases for $225 per month; this
Is a safe Investment and wprth in-
vestigation. -. - <\u25a0 •
FOURTH-STREET CORNER.
$35,000 — Fine business' corner; good sized lot,
with substantial 3-story . building;
stores and flats above; rents low,
$187 50 per month; an "Al proposition.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
SUITABLE FOR BUSINESS.
$14;000 — Corner, 55x80, with old improve-
ments; finely located.
SNAP.
$2,650 — Nearly 50 feet frontage, Vith two
flats; room for three more; nr. Hyde
and Pacific; can get 15 per cent on.
investment; investigate.
WE HAVE CHEAP LOTS IN RICHMOND,
SUNSET AND WESTERN ADDITION. CALL
FOR LIST.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
240 Bush «t, Mills building. .
A. J. RICH & CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
112 Montgomery st
/ $6500. , :
25 Lots South of the . Park.
Cheapest Lots Offered In the District.
dose to the Ocean Boulevard.
Slxth-st. investment";* largo lot, 76x90; Im-
provements, stores' and flats.
$16,000.
Washington st. ; large residence, contains 15
rooms and bath: all the latest modern' im-
provements; lot 30x127 :5Vi-
512,600.
Octavla St., near McAllister; 8 modern. Im-
proved flats; contain 7 rooms and bath in
each; well rented: lot 25x87:8.
. • ' $6500. - '
Hayes St., near Central aye.; 2 new, modern.
Improved flats; lot 25x87:6.
$35,000.
Mission and 24th st.; northwest corner; large
lot, 126x117:6 to rear street; stores and flats;
fine Income property.
• A: J.'RICH & CO. \u25a0
$47,50 Q. "
FOLSOM st.. near Sixth; 75x165; a safe In-
vestment; pays now over $300 per month
rent.' : " " •' '\u25a0" ' ' V
A. J. RICH ft CO.
SOL GETZ & SON. REAL ESTATE OWNERS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK & OCEAN-
SIDB LOTS! -,-:\u25a0 "
Profit by our judicious purchases. '
We select 'oilr properties' ln best locations.
All Make Money 'that buy "from, us.' •
$650 to $1250— Graded lots In Oceanside ready
to build on; near Park. Ocean V& Cars; unob-
structed view of Ocean & Park. Easy terms.
$250 to $1600 — Lots along Ocean Shore R. R.
Route; also fronting ' Ocean Boulevard; buy
from "owners;" best values; " easiest " terms!
$600 to $800— Richmond Heights lots; choic-
est home Bltea ever * offered at lowest prices.
'Superb, view of ' Park. ' Ocean > & Spreckels
Lako from every lot.' Choicest locations. Cor-
ner Point Lobos & 34th "Aye.' Lots In -graded
block cannot be beaten, r ' > ;*
\u25a0 See Them To-day.
Oceanelde • Branch Of flee. Corner "H" St. &
- • ' • ' '. '•* Open Dally and Sundays.
$150 to $100— Excelsior"" Homestead & Ocean
View , lots, only $5 . monthly.
$1000 to $3500— Modern cottages: splendid lo-
cations in Sunset," Richmond,' Oceanside & Ex-
celsior: Homestead.". '' \u25a0' ' v. ." \u25a0-.>' '.'.'\u25a0(T-f-.-VJ
r ' . •'" ••••"r • Easy Terms.
SOL GETZ & SON~ OWNERS & DEALERS.
Room U.'. Fourth , Floor.- \u25a0Chronicle. . Bldg.
~ . ""- THE* CORNER LOT CO. 7 V " "
$25 000— Large 'corner; ""stores and "flats; rents
-$212; near Market St.; fine condition: $14,000
._\u25a0•\u25a0 mortgage.. - \u25a0::\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' '\u25a0-v : -' '\u25a0.'\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 '
SIO 300— Fine cor." for saloon , 3 flats and store;
• first-class location; dirt cheap; SSCOO cash.
$10.250— Splendid block south ;of Park.* \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,-\u25a0.
$7000— Stores and flats: Folsom st.r 30-ft. lot
':\u25a0- "-;"; THE 'CORNER' LOT CO.; --
Cro*sley ! bldg.. J B3N. Montgomery et.
.. :- Branches-^rOakland," Berkeley. \u25a0 .;
YOUR lot "surveyed. ' $7 50. "J, A. 'ADAMS,
\u25a0- Deputy U.S. Surveyor, 115 Eighth St.; phone
; Howard 932. . ' ! " '
'-.•'*\u25a0 -•--"\u25a0—•\u25a0" ' \u25a0"' -"•> . . . " *-- .'"'. . : .-''
REAL ESTATE— -CITY—- FOR SALE.
AUCTION. .*
. AUCTION. •--.-. i
'\u25a0-'->.'-\u25a0. '-\u25a0 AUCTION.
\u25a0 AUCTION. •
REFEJrEE^'S^SALE.
By order of the ' Superior Court the following
property will be \u25a0 sold at the salesroom of
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.. on OCTOBEK
26, ll»05, at 12 . o'clock noon:
IMPROVED."
MISSION : STREET. •
1633 to 1637 Mission st., between 12th and
13th -sts.; lot «9:6xKJ6 : improvements consist
«f . 4 tenements, which stand on the rear of
the lot; the front portion of the lot is va-
cant; a fine opportunity for building -a well-
paying business block; present rents $76.-
HOWARD STREET.
1021 to 1031 Howard st.. and 10 Harriet st,
being the eouib corner of Howard and Har-
riet, near 6th; has a frontage of 75 ft. on
Howard and SO ft. on Harriet;: 6oo0 "square ft.;
old 'improvements of stores - and tenements;
present' rents $154 a month; a Valuable corner
to improve: a brick building, erected on this
lot, consisting of stores and apartments above.
would produce a high rate ot Interest on the
investment : . : ; ;
TOWNSEND STREET.
' 236 to 238% Townsend st. and 38 to 40 Crook
st; west "corner of Townsend and Crook, bet
3d and 4th, near the Southern- Pacific depot; a
valuable corner. 44x77:6, with an L of 11x17;
store and B flats; total rents $90 60.
TEHAMA STREET.
333 to 389 Tehama St.. near 4th; four 2-stbry
houses; rents $83; lot 75x80.
•UNIMPROVED.
Lot on the west side of Arkansas St., 60 ft.
north of Sierra: 100x100. . .
' Lot on the west sloe of Arkansas st, 176 ft.
north, of Sierra; 76x100.
2225 Fillmore st.. between Sacramento and
Clay.; store and flat of 6 rooms above; present
rents nominal, $67 50 a month; lot 23x90:6:
Flllmore et. as a business street Is advancing
rapidly. Now Is the time to buy. Don't wait
till prices are much higher before buying, but
do it now. '\u25a0:\u25a0
2VOB-10-12-U Mission «t. between 25th and
26th; choice lot. 66x80, covered with substan-
tial Improvements consisting of 4 frame houses,
U rooms and bath each, brick foundation, all
in splendid condition; these houses' cost $IS,€OO
to build. Rents now are, 2 for $30 each; one
for $27 50 and one for $25; total, $112 50 per
month. Mission street is the busy street of
the Mission, every block a business block. The
only street in the city extending from the bay
to the county line. -
667 6th et.;. between Bryant and Brannan;
lot 23x120; 2-story building, rented as a store,
and ID rooms above to one tenant; each room
has a hot and cold water and electric lights;
rents very low. $65 a month: a favorite locality
for manufacturing and warehouse purposes, be-
ing handy to the shipping: both by rail and
water.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post st
HOOKER & LENT..:.... ...14 POST ST.
$3,500— Rents $400 per annum; 2 flats of 4
and 6 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion; Improvements Insured for \u25a0 $2000;
27:0 feet frontage; choice Income In-
vestment; near Third and Bryant.
$8,500— Rents $800 per annum; prominent
corner in the Mission; consisting of 2
stores and flat of 6 rooms and cottage
of 7 rooms; lot 31x99.
$18,000— A good substantial 3-story building
consisting of store and 2 flats; rents
nearly $1100 per annum; lot 25x90;
pear Howard and 7tn.
$9,6oo— Rent« over $1000 per annum; 3 new
fiats of 6 rooms and bath each; brick
, foundation; very substantially built and
centrally* located; cars pass the house;
lot 25x95; near 16th and Dolores.
$9,000 — Mission, near 16th; store and flat: im-
provements good; lot 25x120. '"
$22,500— Spear st.,.»near Howard: lot 45:10 x
137:6; brick building.
For sale to close an estate; Bush st, bet Tay-
lor and Jones; lot 69:6x137 : 6, with lm-
. \u25a0 provements, '
$15,000— Sutter et. Inflde Flllmore; 4 flats, ft-7
' rooms : lot 50x137:6.
$IS.soo— Golden Gate aye.. near Laguna st,
adjacent to Jefferson' square; size of lot
68:9x137:6; old buildings; rents for
$79 60 a month; this is aa ideal sits
for apartment-house or fiats.
$15,000 — 1 houses on Mission st: business
\u25a0 t 'J--i block: 0 rooms and bath each; lot 63x
, .. -,80: rents $112 50; - very cheap.
$6,000— Fair Oaks, near 23d st. : 2 fine flats
of 5 and 6 rooms; lot 31x117.
$110,000— Rents nearly ,s§ooo per annum- lot
27:0x137:6: covered with a 7-story
brick building; guaranteed lease 10
years; near Ma;on and Ellis st».
$6,5Q0— Beautiful Mission home; residence of
9 rooms and bath; stable and driveway;
nled large lot, 50x115; on the north side
t^*' of the etreet; plenty of sun and light;
- . near Market and 15th.
For different lists see other papers.
HOQKER » LENT. \u25a0 14 POST ST.
HOAG & LANSDALE. :.
IOS Montgomery »t -
A BIG "SNAP.
A BIG SNAP. "
In tha Richmond District; a northeast cor-
ner on Clement st.,, 107:6x100 feet; can be
subdivided and handsome profit made Imme-
diately; only $3600; will be sold this week;'
don't let this chance slip. ' '
TWO CHEAP LOTS.
On Shrader st. near Hayes; 60x110; only
$5000; don't miss th?s chance.. '
LAKE-STREET LOTS.
Between loth and 16th ayes.. north side:
commanding marine view; prettiest block on
Lake st; 30 foot lots; only $1500 each.
McAllister street.
East of Gough; slie 27:6 to rear street: rents
nominal; grand lotto improve; only piece for
sale in. this location;, price $9750.
LEAVENWORTH- STREET CORNER.
In best district; 55 feet frontage; 4 fine
flats; rents' $l"o per month; substantial in-
vestment; Price $25,0q0.
CLAY STREET,
IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lot 50x127:8, with improvements; lot worth
more than' the money; tha cheapest buy in the
city; price J5600: "'• •
TWO FLATS— INSTALLMENT PLAN.
- $1000 cash, balance easy payments; Panban-
dlo ' District: 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$02 50; price; price $7250:' new and modern.
~: ' HOAO & LANSDALE.
\u25a0\u25a0 ' 105 Montgomery st"
W. D. BROWN i CO. (INC.).
203 Montgomery st. — -Phone Main 3502.
$16,000 — Brannan st., . facing tbe ' new Mall
"docks and proposed ferry system: two
frontages; now renting at ridiculous
\u25a0 rents for $864 per year. .
$12,000— Howard-st. business property; close to
Ninth st; '60 feet "frontage; nominal
Improvements. J
$9,250— South of Market »t. corner; good Im-
provements; rents' slo2o per year.
$6,500 — Close to new Pacific Mall docks; brick
» improvements; rents $600 .per year; lot
30x100 feet . .
' $5,5 C0 — South of Market st. corner; paying
$600 per year' rental.
$s,ooo— First st; 2 frontages: good improve-
ments: In a coming center; rents $438
• per year; would be' cheap at $6000.
$5,000 — A marine view residence; 8 sunny
. -rooms • ana bath;" on a "corner; a few
'minutes' ride" from this office.
$1,350— Splendid Sanchez-st. building corner;
lot 26:6x100 feet: cheap.
V W: D." BROWN & CO. (INC.)
, " Phone' Main 3502. " '
1 .' HAWKS '\u25a0&" SKELTON.'" -' "*
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
-\u25a0•\u25a0 v • '\u25a0 " ."Property. ~
$12,50Q — Modern, house." 10 rooms; Devisadero
: \u25a0\u25a0'* st; hear McAllister; "good location for
a physician; cars at hand for every part
of the city. ' , „
$10,000 — Investment paying 6 per cent net:
•;\u25a0"\u25a0" 'Bush st, near Van Ness aye.; two
frontages. ' ""j "
$14,600^-Pierce St., near Broadway; modern.
\u25a0v handsome home;- ; 10 rooms; hardwood
floors- '\u25a0'bllllard-room: fine marine view.-
S3S,OOO— NE. corner Larktn and Lombard; 50-
. r-'vara; grand view of city and bay.
$3.soo— Lots on Webster st^-near Green; 1 25
\u25a0 xl 06: very desirable; Flllmore-st. cars.
$2 600^Lots on S. line Green, near Fillmore-
. _et car: on a bank which gives a view
- of the bay; choice- neighborhood: -
«7 000 2 new flats; Third aye., near A st:
I•••1 ••• 5 and "B rboms and bath each; lares
r'r ' •":' basement: rents '$?o.'
HAWKS & SKELTON,
. ~ 323 ; , Montcomery st . i\7 A *
NO MONEY REQUIRED TO BUILD. "
. FELIX MARCUSE, '
' . : Artistic L . Home 'Builder.
" "Will - build • for ; owners *of ' lots anywhere in
San Francisco without \ deposit; "money re-
payable in small "Installments.
" Others need dnly furnish '20 per cent of
- total cost of lot and house, balance p&yable
In small amounts." ~ '. '..;..-:. :«.\u25a0\u25a0
Plans ; and estimates furnished on applica-
tion." . ;; FELIX MARCUSE. -r-. : ;
' * lIS Montgomery »t" \u25a0 ,
ONLY- $6500 IF." SOLD . IN : OCTOBER. ~~^
\u25a0 Residence of o.handsomely. handsomely decorated rooms;
reception - hall. ;bath> and .laundry: elegantly
located: solidly, built: sunny: quletl handyjto
§ fine stores: rapid car. service:^ Park and Pan-
handle.; 1210'iWaller St.. ;nr.^. Masdnle aye.
BEAUTIFUL 7 piece jot I income 3 property,' : built
•"- right; new; ; rents .$145; -builder, on premises
to-day; Hayes," at Stanyan; G. G.- Park;
;," siB.poo. -;:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 v :•:•-•.\u25a0 "-\u25a0...' --l \u25a0"\u25a0>,".\u25a0- .t \u25a0:;.;\u25a0'\u25a0!•;.'
5- ROOM CQttage;- modern"lmprpvement»;",~easy
\ terms; Se« owner." 612 Preclta. ay. ; FWsom car :
•-.*\u25a0\u25a0"-'
REAL ESTATE-CITY-FOR SALE.
HALFMOON BAY LOTS. '..'••.
. HALFMOON BAY LOTS.
Have yoa looked Into the possibilities of
Halfmoon Bay aa a place for Investment?
Do you know that the Ocean Bhor« Railroad
Company has Invested nearly a quarter of a
million In Halfmoon Bay realty?
Do you know anything of the giarantle plans
of the Ocean. Bhore Development Company?
Have you stopped to consider the great Im-
petus that will be given Halfmoon Bay upon
completion of the new railroad now building?
— — — . *
Beach lots similarly situated to those that we
are offering at Halfmoon Bay for $275 to $375
are now - selling for $2000 to $3500 at Long
Beach, Santa Monica ana Huntlngton Beach.
near Los Angeles.
Halfmoon Bay has one of the finest bathing
beaches in the world; climatic conditions are
all that can be desired. - \u0084,
Its accessibility to San Francisco and adja-
cent cities Insures a vast patronage from pleaa-
•use seekers, and permanent homes for thou-
sands of San Francisco business men.
Don't wait It will cost you money *very
day you wait. Don't forget this.
Certain locations near the Ocean Shore depot
and the ocean beach are in great demand. Here
Is the place to buy.
Home lots $275 to $375
AT HALFMOON BAT.
TITLE PERFECT.
Insured by the Title Insurance and Guarantee
Company, Ean Francisco.
W. J. MORGAN & CO..
. Investment Brokers,
78 New Montgomery ft.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 MARKET ST.
$20.000— Rents $175 per month; 8 flats Of 4
rocrna and bath 'each: vicinity of Fill-
more and .Waller sts.; lot 50x120 to
rear street: two frontages^
$23,000— Rent $215 per month; elegant new
modern apartment-house; lot 30x130;
overlooking Aha Plaza square; all rent-
ed; no better Income property In the
city.
$15,900 — Kented low at $1644 per annum;
eplendld new corner of 6 fiats of 6 and
1 6 room* and bath each; 3 blocks from
Market st.
$15,400— Rent $137 60 per month: c elegant
'new corner fiats of 5 rooms and bath;
well located in the Western Addition.
$16,000— Must be sold; leaved for $130 per
month: lot 36x137:6; 2 stores and 2
flats; splendid new modern building on
Haight «. . *
$14,000— Rent $120. per month; 3 elegant new
flats of 7 room* and bath each: well lo-
cated in the Western Addition.
$S,soO— Rent $85 per month; corner on Cali-
fornia st; lot 25x85; 3 new up-to-date
flats of 6 rooms and bath each.
$9,000 — Rents $97 per month; 10 flats of 3
rooms and bath each; good street south
\u25a0of Market; near Third; lot 31xS5; new
plumbing; brick foundation; always
rented; make offer.
$8,800 — Rented low at $S2O per annum; 2 new
modern flats of 6 and T rooms and bath
each: lot 26x100; vicinity of Haight and
Web«ter sts. . '
? 8,250 — Rents $85 per month; fine business
property -in th« Mission warm belt;
\u25a0 etore and' flats;' new modern improve-
.. * raents.'
$8,750— Rent $85 per month; elegant corner oa
Hyde st.: 3 ne.w modern up-to-date flats
of 5 rooms and bath each; every room
light and sunny; very artistically and,
- substantially built
$7.soo— Rent $72 per month: lot 27:6x125;
good new modern Improvements of 4
fiats of 4 rooms "and bath each; rood lo-
cation south of Market fit. '
$10,000 — Rents $S0 per month; store and lodg-
Ing-hoiisa of 18 rooms on Harrison st,
near Third; lot 23x75; a bargain.
$7,500 — Rents $72 per month: 3 new modern
up-to-date fiats of 5 rooms and bath
v each, neat 1 McAllister st and Central
aye.; lot 27:6x63:9: reduced ". from $9000
to effect quick sale.'
$7.soQ— Swell residence of 0 rooms and bath;
also garage; lot 25x137:6; this Is a bar-
gain; well located In the Western Ad-
dition.
$6.ooo— Rents $64 per month; 4 flats of 4
rooms and bath; lot 50x100; good plumb-
ing, etc.; Mission warm belt.
$5,250 — Rents $40 per month: 2 fiata of 4 and
5 rooms and bath: on Buchanan st, near
Bush;' lot 22!6x52:6; a fine little buy.
$5,760 — Rents $540 per annum: lot 25x52:6;
store and living rooms and bath; first-
class building;' good' location on Sutter
etreet.
$s,ooo— Rent ' $50 per month: lot 25x114: 3
' modern flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
must be sold at once: located in tbs
Mission warm belt; bank mortgage of
-\u25a0\ $3000 can remain; offer wanted. '
$2.Boo— Splendid new cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, with attic and high basement; lot
23x100; well located in tba Mission warm
belt." ' ' : . .
$3,7so~Handsome new modern house of 6
rooms and bath; easy terms; well lo-
cated In tbe Mission.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market et.
" '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'\u25a0•"\u25a0 CALIFORNIA ~ " r " r
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
' 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
•- COMM ODIOUS QUARTERS IK
KOHL BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
IF THE CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE
AND • TRUST COMPANY HAS ISSUED A
POLICY and say a title is clear and incontest-
able you Can depend upon its being so— our say-
ing so means- that we guarantee 'our finding,
and our capital and surplus stand behind our
guarantee; Uksuise. if we say a title la bad
It IS bad. "
A ' BAD. DEFECTIVE TITLE IS NEVEH
GOOD unless It" is Insured; a good, perfect
title is always good: a bad one may seem good
when It Is not. and only a small percentage of
title holders know which kind they possess.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITX.E IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of th« real estate rec-
ords" constructed especially for insuring real
estate titles Uke modern plants of New York,
Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable
rates: regular tru?t company business transact-
ed under State charter; all matters controlled
and managed by the following- it
DIRECTORS "AND TRUSTEES:
"WILLIAM BABCOCK. .-..--,
President Parrott *.Co.
CHARLES B. BISHOP. ,
. \u25a0 " .Vlce-Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE. '
Of Balfour. Guthrie & Co
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. ULIENTHAL. <
CHARLEsVASiT 7 -^ 8 *»»*«*
Page. McCutchen St Knight. Atty*«.
A. T. SPOTTS. "
JQHNtR. Mfpß^M fpR^G TltI * *£ « d 2F* *
. \u25a0 , Capitalist SSO Calif ornU gt
BEAUTIFUL suburban homes In ' the heart
of San Francisco on the pne sunny street
in the Western Addition. JORDAN AVE-
NUE, 80" feet wide from California «t. to
Geary »t: large- lots: seven feet guaranteed
between all houses: first-class two-story rest-
der.ces: lowest cash prices: ea*y terms If
. desired. SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBUR-
BAN HOME BUILDING SOCIETY. 70S
Market st. -;
A COZY cottage In Garden Tract Homestead;
located between San " Bruno jiv*.- ar.«J "Rail- ]
road aye.: convenient ta'Rlsdoa and Union
. Iron "Works; 4 ."rooms; hard finish: newly!
renovated: hj«h basement: brick foundation:
lot 25x100: $1250; $160 cash, balance like
rent -". '."
AY. N\ RUSSELL.
.101 California yt.. ' •'wn FrunclxSK C*l.
$12,500— McALLISTER-ST. busings; .very d»-
•lrable Investment In fine \u25a0 buslnte* Mock ia
busy 'section: ,\r«n Improved; lot 2XxITJ-«*
etores and flats yielding yearly Income «f
$UCu: will pay 1 pit cent; do. agent B t*J
apply. Box 37tM. Call. -
CORNER In (Sunset; Mil or exchan«e for
, property acrws tbe bay; no agents* Box
3SW, Call offlcf. . - ;
NICE bourn and "J lot*, close to cars. 00 B*a
- Bruno road. 37 Wheat it.
\u25a0 . •-• .—.. — . ....
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SA^P
"x LOUIS H. MOOSER, -«
Real Estate Agent U^
230 Montgomery st Phon« Bush 828. \ '
$105,000— Fine northwest corner; 3-story bricte
building; store and flats; large holding.
70 ft frontage; east of Hyde at.,
south of Geary.
$50,000 — Small downtown holding; old ixn-'.
provements bring in $13U'net rent
135,000 — 27:8 by full depth In Ellis st; clos« 1
tn; old improvements bring la $SO per I
month. ''.."-
s23,soo— Rents $2640; flats and - residences on \
95- foot lot in' fine rent ins location; \
a first-class investment.
13,750—27:6 corner on Turk st: store and
flat; leased for $720 net rent; mort-
gage $30W>; safe 7 per cent invest-
ment with prospective increase in
value.
$23 500—37:8x137:6; north line Pine st. clos*
. in; fine site for apartment building.
$3,500— 2 One marine view flats, 6 aad 9
rooms and bath, on Jackson st; rents
\u2666T3- .
$3,500 — 10-room house with 2 kitchens; 5
rooms on each floor; ia good repair;
11000 would make into flats and bring
in $37 50; Broderlck st
1123.000—137:3 feet frontage on Van Ness
; aye.: splendid site for hotel: surround-
ed by magnificent improvements.
"itv ;;C ; :-- LOTS.
$4,C00— 30 ft. north Una Vallejo et. «rt of
Pierce. . . y ;_
$4,000—30 ft north line T?nl9B st., east ot
Flllmor*.
$3,750—23 ft. north toe TJaloa «t. near
Broderiek. ,ij j
$2,630—27:8 ft. couth lla« TJttlon •«.,
- of Stelner. . ;..-..-\u25a0 . .
$2,400—25 ft loath lin* Oreea st.. west ot
$1,500 eac!» — 14th aye., north c* CLMfomi*
. «t: 23x120. _ .-^
$1,100 each— l2th ays., nr. Cal. St.; 23xi2a.
$1,000 each— 22d *v«.. nr. Lak» et; 25x120.
$730 each— lBth aye., nr. Fultoa st; SM
1278.
$coo— 44th aye.. nortli ©X CSemsnt at.; iSx
120; Installments. «-_-*» •
$600 each— C st. nr. XSth are^i ZtalOO.
$530 each— C st r nr. 28ta vn.l 23x1001
installments. «.««>»
$325 each— C et. nr. 19th areti J3xj22"
$500 each— 24th aye., nr. A st: 20x120.
BTJNSET.
$4,200—100x120: Bth ay«., near Kit
$3.000— 14 th »v«.. nr. L »t 5 188:2x127: 8.
11.760— 215t aye., nr. H st: BT -.6x120; terms.
$1.700— 45 th are., nr. Kit; 23x120.
$I.7so— Northeast corner L, st axxd 45th *t*l
57:8x100 *eet
$1,200—25 ft; northeast eoroe* J st. aad
* 45th aye.
$1,100— 25 ft; northwest earner J st. »na
44th aye.
11.600—57:8x100; eern«T P st. aad l3th.»T«.
$I,ooo—l »t, nr. 4Sth aye.: 23xlQa
$850— North ito» of J st. nr.- 43th «.y*|
23x100. '-*j '~
$300 eash— SOth are., nr. J st; 23x130.
$300 each— 2sxl2o; 29th aye.. nr. B it
$300 each— 2sxl2o: SOth ay».. nr. S »t
$325 each— 23x120; 35th aye.. nr. TJ et.
$325 each— 2sxl2o; 83th aye., nr. U »t-
$323 each— 2sxl2o; 39th aye... nr. U it-
s3oo each— 2sxl2o; 89th »ye.. nr. V it
$300 each— 2sxl2o; 39th ay*.. nr. W »t
$300 each— 2sxl2o; 40th aye., nr. VT st.
$300 each— 2sxl2o; 41st a.v».. nr. W it
berkelet.
>• Less* Business Corner. '
Bhattuck aye. and Berkeley -way.
Stares and flats.
Rented low at $1575. Leasa expires In p^ "
$17,600. M
LOUIS H. MOOSER.
Real Estate Agent.
23Q Montgomery «t Phooe Bush <23.
SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st.
1 Telephone Private- Ex. 95. '
INCOME AND OTHER PROPERTIES.
MARKET- ST. BARGAIN.
$133,000— Substantial 5-« tory; brick lmprove-
menti; well rented: lot 43:10xl3.:8 ft
MONTGOMERY AYE. .
$75.000— Corner; Junction of 3 streets; 4-story
building; fine business center; store*
and hotel under lease< producing over
$5000 income.
ELLIS-ST. INVESTMENT.
$sft,ooo— East of Polk st. ; fln» new modem
improvements: under well-secured leas*;
$3SO month rent: lot SO ft through to
fear street.
W. A. BUSINESS 0050TEK.
$35 000— SW. comer : finery improved, with 3
stores and flats: on Eddy st : yielding
' . annual ineam» of $3109; lot SSxlOo: a
1 splendid investment' • • • ' ' «— <- r "
NORTH OF MARKET SNAP.
$24, BOO— 3B-f t ' corner, extending back- 137 :«
ft, with good improvements, stores and
flats; all rented for $2472; excsptlonally
' good Investment; should" rent for naoM*.
pric« reduced for quick sale. W
MCALLISTER— BUSINESS.
•20 000 — Desirable investment in fin* bastnew
block; close In; well Improved; 33 ft
lot: stores and houses; annual Income
about $1500.
EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN.
$18,000— Grand lot on Van Ness are.: 43:10 x
137:8 ft: near Pacific it; cheapest
property anywhere In that -vicinity.
SUTTER STREET.
$13.000— Beautifully situated: east oTp^vlss^
dero stL Urge lot, 35x137:8 tt. with
good improvements; renting tor about
$1000 year;
BEAUTIFUIi FIiATS.
$11.300— 1n select residence portion of "Western
Addition: modern aad up-to-d&te; two
flats of 7 and 7 rooms and baths: rsnts .
$85: lot 33x112:9 ft J
!::-•- FOLSOM ST.. NEAR FIFTH.
$10,000— Fine little business property;- HOOO
yearly Income: a really good buy.
• mission-st. bargain:
$10.000 — Stores, flats and cottage la rwjr: »
frontages: lncoms about $««>: redoosd
from $12,000 to efTect ready Mis; a fin*
Investment; must b« sold; reasonawe
offar entertained.
r "" MXNNA-ST. SNAP.
S9.soO— Near 8d at.; business and fists: lot
23x73: rests ISO month; this Is eneta.
SOUTH OF MARKET SNAP.
$3,000 — Flats, vicinity Fifth and Clar» st*;
lot 23xS0 ft. : present rents $300 year;
ly; coald readily t>« raised.
' - RESIDENCES.'
$50.0 CO — Jtackson-Bt corner; 2O rooms. l '*»J>
JsO.ooO— Pacific aye-: 13 rootns (oorser).
$35,000 —^Broadway;, 14 rooms.
< 30,000—^Washington «t;" 14 rooms (eoroerS
$30.000 — Clay st. ; 23 rooms; 3 baths.
$23.«W^-Ste!n*r st"; IT rooms. 3
$22.500— California St.; 13 roama.
$20.000^ — Lyon st.; corner; 13 room* .
$15.000— -\u25a0Washington stt 14 rooms."
$12.5*MV-Bush st: 9 rooms.
$12.000— Green st; 10 room*. ' - -, \u25a0
$9.2so— Sutter st: 8 rooms.
X 500— Vallelo st : 9 rocass.
. STECX A CO. . '. -
209 Montgomery tt-
•:\u25a0— MISSION RBAI. ESTATE.
$1500— Cotuga 4 rooms, on 2Sth st, he*. W8«
and Castro sts.; lot 23x114 feet
$45CO— 2-naw fiats; 4 and B rooms and batt.
west sids Sanche* st. bet 2Sth aad t*h:
rented $33 per month.
$3CO each— 2 lots east of Andqrer st, 00 r»«
south of Creacant aye.; easy terra*.
$30CO— Cottage. 5 room« ar.d bath, on Day «t..
bet Dclores and Church; T-foot basement;
stable and larse lot: street graded, sewered
$35C0— Cottage." 1 rocass and bath; Day st. near
San Joae aye.: 4 roonss. rented tzr SZ9 p«r TJ
month; street rraded. »ew«red and gaa.
$3CCO— Cottage. 4 Urge rooas aad b*th. wtta
stable; large lot: 2ttth it. cear Church; new.
modern and ud to date. *
$21C0— Cottage cf 3 rooms and bath: Arlington
«f basement: lot 30x75 feet: a grod buy. I
$lt!s«V— N«w 4-rocm cottage; all modara; easy
terms: Roancke it. near Chensry-st car*.
$2500— Nice sunny cottage, 5 rooms and bath:
Douglass St.. b«t 23d and Elizabeth: tare*
Planked basement
JsoCO— Fine sunay coraer. with house. 7 jwcas
and bath; lot CxSS:ll: northwest corner
24th st. and San Ji>»« »v».; coald easily raavs
housw back and buf!d fists.
$3900 — Two new fiats. 4 ar.d -5 rcctns and bath;
Army st. near Mission: rtnt* $3«>. -
sls. COO— Corner 21*t and Shotwell sts.; 5 lare»
houses: 9 r. and te. each: lot "35x73 feet:
rents for $153 p«r mnntis; wkcrlflced to wttls
an estate: Mreet wcrk done. """
$4250— Cottare, « r. and Ik: ssst ieth st.. bet
Market and Castro; let 27:<txlOO: rxxm] ba»e-
mectt: cement walks; lock at t&ls to-.!iy; a
snap.
B#for* ywj n»OTt teleplssn* Mission 203 for
cur rental cr fcr «a!e Itst.
P. COmx. !KCs Ml.««!on et.. near 21st
NEW BLOCK.
NEW BUOCTC.
Prucd^i t>T- T.AKK awl CALIFORNIA «t». and
FIFTF.S:NTH an<l STXTE-ENTH aye*.
- THK' CRBAM OF THE RTCBMOND.
Only <vn« block fr\%tn the new JWiVfoot boule-
vard, ccnnectlns Golden Gate Park with, the
Pre«l<lla.
CITOtCTS MARINE MEW.
Too tnls* th« crportuaity of your life if
yritt don't cbtaln ca* of tnem.
t-»ats ' *re perfectly level aad resdy to
build «9.
f«-w»r,' water and gas m streets.
\u25a0 Call aad »*# tb«n> t*-day.
KASY TKRMS. $150 cash dowa. balance
$U» nwntfct?: Interest * per c*nt per annum.
WEISS BKIN I^UOS. A CO.. OWNERS.
' ftl6 Sacraaiento «t. ' . - .
VISirACION Valley lots— ?S dawn aad tlO. a
month: ' I %tock from school: Sprtas Valler
water; 2 Necks from - elect ric plant an<t <
Way Sh<»r» cut-«ff: money loaned to pur-^ ...
chairs ti> bul!d on oa»y payments. Apply J.
T. ROBERTS Realty Co.. coc. Sunnydale *
f -\u25a0» a Bruno ay*. : take ear Bth A . Market,
transfer *-MUe Hous« car. ride t^ end tin*.
$2(\>Q— LEAVENWORTH st: cottas* * lot: lot
T w«rth $3500;nr.Paclfl« to war stll» Vallejo,. /ItSAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
«. _ - zzmz . \
t* AT AUCTION.
AT A U C T 1 O N.
ENTIRE BLOCK
\u25a0 £0 SJ2AGTZFUL
RESIDENCE
LOTS.
1-5 CASH. BALANCE IN 1. 2. 3 & 4 YEARS.
'j, ii | r t> c Ti A V
CCVOBER It), 13J5,
AT Hi MONTGOMERY ST.
v * w 'is| iwsitlveiy ceil at public auction as
ebeve stated the tntlre block, containing £*»
lots, fror.tlrss: on
FIFTH AVHNCE.
SiXTH AVENUE.
Every lot on grade of rtreet; street bltumln-
l"^Q. graded. Eeeered. ;;as and v.ater piped.
et<>n» Tvelks, etc.; no further expense.
Look at this property at once; beautiful
views; on!y one b'.cck froia the world-famous
Golden Gate Park, sr.il near nit the principal
auractior.e of the Park: tr.-ci lines of electric
cam; close to Affiliated OoMesea nnd to tha
site recently purchased for the* Polytechnic
High Kchooi. upca which wll; thortiy be tper.t
$550,0C0.
No other resident i^ction rrcwlnr co fast:
23 new buKdings la a «h<;it radius ard every
or.c of them oi a roperk* character.
No land :« a sas>i in-.. '«\u25a0!;>•. Nt: l-i a'i cities
proxlrr.Uy to the ParK .. - :'... prices;
this will be no excepU',-1..
Th*> "Weytern Addition ;• now bulit right up
to thit> block: its futur* is assured: see it at
onoe —Ed fee on hand at this great credit auc-
tion ?a>. Taie Ellis-st. Park cars end Ocean
'.:r.t cars ilrsft to Cth aye., or Halsht s:.. and
transfer et Use Perk.
_______ i
_kVTON & BOAG. 13 6 Montgomery st.
-^ Send ror car printed list of property for sale
la all sections cf the city.
BEAUTIFUL MARINE VIEW FLATS.
$13.C0O — Keats $l_»0; arc" Green, near Van
JCesa; giEnd 3-story and ba>e:nent building: 3
flats, 7 rooms ar.d bath each; elegantly fin-
ished; larpe key lot; corner Improved; abun-
«iarce of tun n?id light.
!CfiW FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
SIS,CO->— Rents $170 50; » new flats. 4 and 5
rcoms and bath: Just the kind to rent: nortb-
*r.st corner; sur; in every room; near Market;
fir.c ruiTGundings; streets bifjtnini2ed.
CLEMr.NT-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
S3:«*O— Rents $420; large corner,' 82:6x100; 2-
story building; contains store and 2 flats, 4 and
6 rooms and bath.
FINE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7500— Make offer; rents $804; 3-story build-
Ing; exceptionally well built; contains store and
rcon:* flm floor: eecond and third. 8 rooms and
bath: rear building, stable and flat above. 4
rooms end bath; lot 28:6x114; near Castro and
24th; good prospective value.
MISSION FLATS, BARGAIN.
$45«> — Near Church ana 24th Bts.; 2 modern
Cjus, 4 and 5 rooms and sain; street bltumia-
ixed; good renting section.
BARGAIN. NEW FLATS.
$5500 — Rents $e00; 2 brand new flats; very
prettily finished, 4 and 5 rooms and bath, on
i4cAll!ster-st. car line; overlooking the Pan-
handle.
INVESTMENT ON FOLSOM ST.
$13,600— Large lot. 00x122:6; with 2 good
buildings containing 5 flats, 6-6-7 rooms and
bath; rents $1272: a fine cargaln.
Lots for business.
COLLEGE HILL TRACT. 0
Magnificent sew tract Just opened en westerly
(lie of Mission at., between Rlchland and Et.
Ilary'e ayes. .
Finest car service in city, cars passing: tract
every 3 minutes; 25 minutes from ferry.
New ctreet. College aye., 1000 feet long
through tract, macadamised and oiled; fine
iistless pavement; best in Can Francisco.
Jk Every lot side sewered.
** Vater. gas and electric service.
Lots occupy spie&did elevation, commanding
a view of -San Francisco n&y In the distance
end overlooking New Isl&ie Park proposed un-
der the Burnhara plan for Beautifying the city.
IDEAL HOME EITES.
Masy of the lots have a. depth ranging from
150 to 200 feet.
Building restriction clause In deeds.
Modern cottages being constructed through-
out tract.
Owners will builfi to rult purchasers. x
Lots range In price from $650 up: bouses and
lets from $2500 up. Terms, $100 cash, balance
en easy payments.
Take Misslon-rt. ears to Rlchland, College or
tt. Mary's eves.
LYON & HOAg. 116 Montgomery Bt.
CRANSTON, BELVEL & DWYER,
formerly
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO..
20 Post 20
vT« have several excellent warehouse sites
to lease on the Southern PaciSa and Santa Fe
roads; water front _sd belt line. Particulars
*t office. - \u25a0
$05,000 — Northeest corner on Ninth St.. one
- block from Market: 175 feet of front-
age; a r>ositire bargain.
$35.600^ — Stores end flats on Ninth st.; fine
modern building; lot COx9o; paying
well.
$41,000— Large holding on Third st.; 6000
square feet through t!> rear street; rent
$IS3; splendid holding.
$24,000 — Corner on Brarman St., near Mall
Dock; over 70x80 with three frontages;
cure to increase in value.
538,000 — Foleoie et., between Third and
Fourth ; 75 feet with frontage ©n rear
street; rent $174.
$25,000 — Howard st., west of Third; fifty feet
front «_re.
$16,600 — Folsom et., close In; lot 88x80, with
substantial improvements; stores and
flats; rent JlO2 50 per month.
$11, 7W — Folsom and Sixth ets.; stores and
flats; rents J95 per month; good im-
provements.
COO — Stores and flats adjoining an lmport-
» _nt transfer corner; splendid retail
-.business center in Western Addition;
rents $200 per month; over 60 feet
frontage.
|31,f,00 — Business corner in the Mission; fine
modern building paying $193 50 per
month: lot 50x100; improvements alone
cost $22,500.
$B,lso— Flats in Ritch St., near Folsom,
abutting Third st; rents $45; will sure-
ly be wanted to round out Third st.
holding.
$4,100 — Natoma St.; four flats paying $40 per
month; they're good.
(3 000 — Four flats couth of Market; rents
$32; close to Fourth st.
$9,000 — Six new 4 room and bath Cats; rents
$90; Inside lCth and Guerrero.
$&,C00 — Twenty-fourth Bt. corner, near Har-
rison; 50x100. with improvements
$4,000 — Two flats and cottage on Padflo St..
near Taylor; rents $35; brick founda-
tion.
$3 750 — Four new flats, 4 rooms and bath. In
Mission; rents $67.
$I 9,&00 — Yen Ness aye. corner, 102x110; will
subdivide.
$5,500 — Lot 50x110 inside of 16th and Poi-
com ets.; cheap lot.
$2,200 — Lot 30x120 on a main street in the
Mifsion; inside 34th st.
"WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.. OWNERS,
618 Sacramento st.
List of a few choice lots in the MISSION.
East line of Noe et., close to 28th et.
North line of 2Cth St.. bet. Castro "and Noe.
23th and Noe ets.; a corner and Inside lots.
Eli__beth st.. bet. Castro aod Noe.
Jersey Bt.. near Vicksburg,' adjoining the
cew building we ere now erecting.
Many other lots in desirable locations. We
Oal la choice properties only, and buying
from the owners you save commissions.
Your terms are our terms.
Will build a good home for you on easy
*-,nthly payments; same as rent; interest 6
r cent.
Give cs a call and we can save you money.
WEIESBEIN BRO6. A CO..
MARINE view lots. :''••;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0<
tZOO Each. Easy Payments. No Taxes. No
Interest.
Adjacent to Improvements Costing Millions. !
Two Electric Roada Will Be Runnlnc Inside
Absolutely Cheapest Unimproved Lots Offered
la Golden Gate Park District.
Let* Will Double in Value la a Few Months.
K. 3. HOOPER. 26 Montgomery street."-* 7
FELIJNO
TO EF*T THK BAND.
, ONLY SI 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant level buiMing lots, close to
eraorl; Eric car yer-vicc on lliseion et. ; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
rals* th* baby whore the orone 1b not polluted
v.'.'.h smoke ani <iuet. to say nothing of the
<Zcs&:y mlcrcbe: no Interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE P>i:K LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400— For finely located lots .3 blocks south
of the park; fleotrlc car service unexcelled;
enhancing In value with erety stroke of the
clock; buy now; nrxt week may be too late;
-Nat Goodwin" is not :Ins only mat', that ap-
t.rcciatcs this beautiful Be<*t!cn: no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
2C Monliroroery ef... room 8.
gi^jCf.-ET a few fine marine view lots on
iir* of rrr-ro*cd street railway; positive bar-
rains: ;<iwcki prices ?»tO up; investigate
U-:» wrportunlty. which you may not have
aeain- lot* in this district are rapidly in-
erWr-g In value. H. U. MAXFIELD. 11
«_Mr,nt£OKJC-ry £t. *____
r z s:oo cash.
BARGAIN-IN' A L« 'T ON X ST.
v ?20 PER MONTH.
ELEGA'KT VIEW OK I'ABK AND OCEAN.
KKAB ELEVENTH AYE.— CHEAP.
McEVVEN BROS.. US Montgomery et. I
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
F. B. SURRVHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
114 SUTTER ST.
1 — i
ALL BARGAINS— ALL BARGAINS.
$3,C0O — Nr. 6th and Folsom; double house. 8
rooms eaoh, equal lo 4 tenants; rent $45
prr montl) ; let 25xS0.
53,000 — Nr. 17th and Liamond; 3 flats, 5 rooms
eacli: rents $."^5 per month; lot 26x76.
$5,750^ — O'Farreil St., nr. Steiner; corner lot.
has ."> frontages: liouec contains H rooms
ami bath; could be very readily con-
verted into 3 small flats with a Email
outlay auu made to pay a large rate of
interest on the total investment.
$7, C0O — Rente $840 per annum; Sacramento;
4 new flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
eaoh; lot 27:CxlC0; this is positively a
bargain.
$6,5 C0 — Gctry, nr. Buchanan; house contains
10 rooms; should be rr.lsed and etore put
undcrnccth: lot 2G:cxOs; an offer might
bo entertained.
Jlo.CoC— Bargain: close to McAllister and Brod-
erieU ; 3 nno bay-window flats of 7 rooms
arid baths each: rented low at $85 per
month; lot 25x100.
$5.C00 — This Is certainly cheap; close to Sut-
ter end Leaven worth: rood, comfortable
residence, • 7 rooms and bath, and lot;
mcrtpacre SiCCO can be had If desired.
$i..jO — A very choice Investment; Ellis; two
substantial, modem Hats: 0 and 7 roon:a
and baths each: rental low at $G5 per
" month; let 3Cx75.
$12,000 — Want an offer; Eddy. nr. Laguna; i
substantial, modern residence. H rooms |
and bath, furna.ee,. etc. ; also 2 houses
facing The rear street of 6 rooms each;
total rental of property $80 per month;
lot t5x120.
$14.750— C105e to Ellis; 6 substantial flats; 6
and 7 rooms and baths each; rents $140
per month; lot 50x00.
$17,500 — McAllister, N. corner; 4 elegant, mod-
,' em flats, 5 and 6 rooms and baths each;
rsnts for $125 per month; can be easlly
lncreased to S140; large lot; very desir-
able Investment.
$10,000 — Close to Post: 3 brand new flats, 6, 6,
7 rooms and baths respectively; repts
fSSBO per month; lot 25x100.
$11,250— Hor. ard; bist part of the Mission; S
r substantial, rr.odem flats, 7 rooms and
baths each: rents SIGO per month; extra
large lot: 32:0x100.
$17.500— Rents $152 ."0 per month: McAllister;
3 stylish, modern flats of 7, 8, 8 rooms
respectively; lot 27x137:6.
$7,500' — Another one of mr Sargaino; Jackssn:
5 substantial tfatF. 5. 7. 7 rooms Rnd
baths respectively: rented low nt ?75 per
month; lot 23x127 :o.
You should 'ret one of niy October catalogues if
you are Ee^klnp choic«* Investments.
SOME CHEAP- LOTS FOR SMALL INVEST-
ORS.
$1,000 — SOU) aye., nr. J, 75x120, or will sell 1
lot.
$1,000 — 30tli p.\f.. rear M. 100x120; big specu-
lation in this.
$500 — list aye., r.r. S, nr. ocean; new elec-
tric line io run on T; 50x120- this lot
will double in 6 months; small amount
cash, balance monthly.
$2.500 — Corner on 13th aye., 125x100; fine spec-
ulation.
$I,loo— Buy this now r 21st aye.. close to Ful-
ton: 50x120; email amount cash.
$300 — S2d aye.. right at the ocean, near L,
25x120.
$4.000 — A St.. nn 20th aye.. 25x100.
F. B. SURRYHNE. 114 Sutter st«
DAN O'CALLAGHAN,
Real Estate and Insurance Broker,
22 Montgomery St.. near Market.
$57,000 — Drumm and Sacramento sts.; lot 46:6
xIS7:6 on Drumm st. with L on Sac-
ramento 37:6x92; brick improvements:
pays $4600 per year.
$32,000 — Hayes st.; improved property; lot 35
xl 20; near Franklin st.: two frontages;
pays handsome income; Investigate;
make offer.
$27.000 — Improved corner on Leavenworth Bt.,
east of Clay; rente steadily at $175 per
month; make offer.
$20,000 — Hayes Valley investment; 2 corners:
S frontages; lot 42x120; Improved will
pay $4500 per year; this is gilt edge.
$20,000— Handsome residence, _2-story. attlo
and basement. 15 rooms; lot -54x137:6;
north side California near Laguna.
HS.SO0 — Business Investment: Hayes et., near
Gough; lot 25x120 to Linden aye.; rents
$150; forced eale; owner departing.
115.500- — Elegant northeast corner: 2 modern
flats; lot 28x110; rents $32 50; block
from Fell -nd Stanyan sts.
$12,000^ — Business Investment; store and flats:
Church sf. corner; lot 51:6x100; rents
$120 i>er month.
$10,000 — Fine corner on Washington St.: choice
location: ready for building; lot sOx
157 :6; worth $12,500.
$8,500 — Waller et., near Masonic aye.: 2 ele-
gant Hate, rented steadily at $70 per
month; lot 25x157:6.
$B,SXX) — Page st., near Masonic aye.. north
side; elegant residence; lot 23 ft. front-
age; a fine opportunity to secure a
good home.
$8,000 — An elegant 9-room home on Lake St.,
just completed; lot 50x104; sacrifice;
make offer.
$0,250 — Fine building- lot, north line Jackson
St., near Devlsadero: lot 32x130; choice
location for home or flats.
$6,000 — Fine building corner, Hayes St.. near
Lyon; lot 32x100; can be improved with
stores or flats to pay 1 per cent.
$4,500 — 2 flats on north el6> Oak St., near
Scott; -rents ?35 per month; land alone
worth- the orice.
$2,900 — Cottage 5 rooms and bath, 23d st.,
near Diamond; a bargain.
$2,800^ — Cottage 5 rooms and bath; Laguna
et. near Filbert: 27:6 feet frontage.
DAN O'CALLAGHAN.
22 Montcomery et.. near Market.
D. W. CARMICHAEL & CO.,
232 MONTGOMERY ST.
Mission Branch. 2543 Mission St.
$S2O0 — Panhandle residence; 9 room 6; hand-
somely finished : garden front and rear.
This for a bargain. Owner will sell car-
pets and furniture.
$8300 — Brand new 2-flat building; colonial
style; perfectly lighted: private driveway:
rented for $70 t>er month; could not be
duplicated for $9000; Parnassus ' Heights.
$3100 — Double bay-window cottage: 8 rooms
and bath; near 18th and Douglass 6ts. ;
one block from cars: good as new.
$5700 — Residence of 7 rooms; close to Golden
Gate Park: richly finished and perfectly
arranged for cozy home; less than 1 year
old. We can vouch for this bargain.
$3400 — Lot 50x120, with cottage: Sth aye., near
X st.: reduced from $3600. This is a
bargain and must be cold.
$5200 — Lot 27:6x100; east line of Devisadero
st,. near Eddy.
$5500 — House of S rooms and bath; south line
of Pine at., near Baker; lot 23x137:6. A
barrain.
$8500 — House of 8 rooms and bath; cottage of
6 rooms and bath in rear; lot 25x120; be-
tween Laguna and Octavia. on O'Farrell.
$2000 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; barn;
. chicken house, etc.; fine garden soli; beau-
tifully situated; corner lot, 70x125; Ber-
nal Helsrbts; Mlsslon-st. cars.
$7750 — Beautiful new fiats; 6 and 7 rooms; large
attic and basement: everything the latest
and best; rental $65; Castro St., near 22d.
We have plenty of higher priced proposi-
tions and wlll.be pleased to tell you of them.
If jrou want to rent your vacant houses or
stores give us a trial. We are ajrents for
first-class Fire Insurance and Surety Bond
Companies.
Old Established. Always Reliable.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
$27.500 — Lot 55x127; on Sacramento St., near
Maple; ewellest fiats of 6 and 7 rooms each in
the city; first story brick; hardwood floors, fin-
ished in birdseye maple and weathered oak;
built around a central court and flooded with
sunshine; lawns front and rear; rent $240 per
month; part cash.
$22,500— Let sCxllO, on Pine St., near Lyon;
modern, up-to-date flats of 5 large rooms, al-
cove, and bath eaoh; large clothes and china
closets; finished in birdseye maple and burnt
pine; separate basements, containing sen-ants'
room, washroom, etc.: pretty rear yards; nets
$170 per month; see these.
$C5O0 — Lot 25x95. with residence, 8 rooms
and bath; on Mission St., near 19th; modern
plumbing, large clothes and china closets; stone
walks; part ca«h.
$300 down — Corner lot. 1 block Mission St.;
new, modern 4*room cottage; large hall, proce-
laln bath; 6- foot basement; $2250.
$250 down — Cheapest lot' in Punset District;
2 blocks Park entrance; J it., near 14th aye.;
27:6x100; $700; double in value in one year.
LOANS. INSURANCE.
26 Montgomery rt., room 8. Phone Main 5704."
Read our advertisement under "Country
Property in to-day's issu*. '' .
H. E. POEHLMAN.
Realty and Insurance,
304 Montcoraery st.
$14,000— FULL BLOCK near Park and beach.
$6,500 — GROVE ST.. near PANHANDLE: 2
sunny flats, 5 and 6, rooms; lot 25 x
137:6: food Income.
18.150— BARGAIN! Washington St.; south
side; near Broderick; commodious resi-
dence, 9 rooms, largre basement; fine
plumbing, etc.: lot 25x127:8; fine sun-
ny yard: only $2050 cash required; rent
M 5 r>er month.
$S,OOO— OFFER WANTED: CALIFORNIA
ST. CORNER, RICHMOND; 2-story
acd \u25a0 attic house, covering one-quarter
of lot: 1 6ize 57:6x100; good Income; re-
tail buEinacB corner; mlcht subdivide.
$"'> — JOth aye.. south of Cal. St. ; 25x120.
££SO_SAN CARLOS (SAN MATEO CO):
double corner, 310x100; near station;
less than half orice.
J950 — 14th aye. near B St.; 40x120; splendid
view lot; must increase in value.
52C0 each— Lots 537-W9 Gift Map 3. Buena
Vista, near Virginia aye.
$1,500 — Rents $120 yearly: will exchange for
Sar. Francisco property; one acre and
I 6-room cottage at Hopland, Cal.; fruit
i tre^s. vine*, well, *te.
H. E. POEHLMAN. 304 Montgomery st.
" A—?.BOO0.A — ?.BOO0. ~~
FOR NICE PEOPLE.
7 rooms, bath, pantry and finished basement;
a beautiful <lining-room. beamed celling, artis-
tic sideboard; fin? fixtures: If you are looking
for a home in Richmond, you owe it to your-
self to see this. ''
37G Seventh aveiiue. - near Clement st.
COTTAGES. 4 and o rooms; terma same as
rent. Apply owner, lumber yard, cor. Army
and Condon sts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNDAY, V QCf OBER 15^ 1905.
REAL ESTATE— niTV— FOR* SALE.
SHAINWALD/ BUCKBEE & CO.. " *
v MONTGOMERY ST.
$20,000 — Turk St., near Buchanan; 7 houses,
G-S rooms and bath each; total rents
?14S, lot 51:10x1^0 Vt. to Laurel aye.
$16,000— Fa.einc st., bet. Montgomery and ban-
Borne; 3-Etory trarae building of 2 stores
ar.d 2. rooms above; guaranteed lease;
pays ?110 i>er mo.; lot 41x08:9 ft.;.mort-
Kuse S5000: tenants pay all repairs, \u25a0 in-
cluding roof; this property pays t> per
cent net' on equity. / - .
5D,250 — :Mth -s.t.. corner San Jose aye.: sub-
ttdiitial residence of 7 rcoms and bath;,
lot oUxOO it.: in excellent condition.
?23.00C — VVdbhinston st., near Lccubt; hand-
somu modern residence. of 1- rooms and
2 baths; second floor 4 'bedrooms; attic.
4 bedrooms; auto garage; lot 50x127 :8?4
feet. .
?25,000 — Pine st.. east of Van Ness aye.; new
3-Story and basement frame : building
containing about 40 roorr-s and 9 baths;
5 years" guaranteed, lease at $200 per
. mo.; bank mortgage $10,000 can re-
main; lot 25x120 leet to rear street.
$15,000 — Eleventh et., near Market; modern
building containing store and 2 flats;
rents $77 50; lot 25x80 feet.
$10,000^ — Foleom St., near Sixth; frame build-
ing: store and 2 fiats; rents $61; lot
25xS0 feet; a pick-up. •
$22.500 — Pacific aye., near Laguna st.; elegant
modern residence: salon parlors; 4 bed -
" rooms, billiard-room, , electric and eas
lighting; modern in every respect; beau-
tiful marine view; lot 27x127 :8!i ft.;
a bargain.
$15,000— -Ellis 'St., this side of Van Ness aye.;
frame improvements; rent about $S5;
lot 27:0x120 ft. to rear street; very
cheap. _ .
$40.800— Fourth et.. near Harrison; 2-story
brick and frame building; one ' tenant
pays $125 month; large lot, 51x80 ft.;
positively one of the best bargains ' of-
fered considering the grand future of
this street.
$50,000 — Fourth-st. corner, near Harrison; over
10,000 equare feet; old Improvements; no
leases; further particulars at our office.
$11,000— Green st., near Laguna; three beautl-
- ful mortem flats: brand new; 6 rooms
and bath each: total rents 5110; lot 25x
137:6 feet; extraordinary Investment;
positively the best thing in flats on the
merket; photographs and full particu-
lars at this office; must be sold.
$5,500 — Filbert st., near Broderick; marine
view residence, 7 rooms and bath; extra
large lot; finished basement and garage.
$7,000 — Pine st.. near Laguna; splendid resi-
dence, J) rooms snd bath: brick founda-
tion: gocd condition; 23x137:6; norths
eide of street; a bareain.
$1,600 — Kach; 25th aye.. near Lake, grand
marine view lots: 31x120 feet each; Just
put on the market; will, sell for cash
or terms. . >
$IS,OO0 — Sacramento-st. business "corner, near
Central aye.; 3-story frame building,
• grocery store and 2 flats; rents $155
per mo. : etore k-asea for 5 years.
$14,500— Waehlnirton st., near Walnut; modern
marine view residence; choice location;
11 rooms and bath; lot 27:0x102 ft.
$2,800 — Green st.. near Steiner; fine building
lot 27x119 ft. \u25a0 • ,
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
.^2lB and 220 Montgomery et.. Mills bldg.
_ —
LANDGREBE, MacNEVIN & JONES."
334 Bush street, between Kearny and Mont-
gomery streets.
$80,000 — Sixth et. business property; rents low
at $500 per month; Improvements con-
sist of lodging houses and stores; lot
has 200 ft. street frontaga.
$55,000 — Clay St.. near Drumm; magnificent
holding, having a frontage of 75 ft. to a
rear street: adjacent properties selling
for $1000 per front foot; investlcate.
$55,000 — Large corner on Mission st., near 9th;
size 100x102 ft.
$40,000 — Prominent business corner, near
Halght and Flllmore sts. : improved with
4 stores and 8 flats: rents $31? per
month.
$25,000 — Newly Improved business corner In
ttores and flats; rents $215 per month;
rapidly Improving district; large lot.
$17,000 — O'Farrell et., north side, near Gough;
3 elegant modern flats; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.
"SPECIAL."
$16,000 — A Eouthwest corner on Montgomery
St., renting low at $110 per month: im-
provements consist, of brick and frame,
lodging houses: lot has a frontape" of
45, ft. on Montgomery St.: this property
never before offered: a quick turn as-
sured.
$16,000— Montgomery aye v near Vallejo St., 3-
etory and basement building; large lot
fronting on 2 main streets.
$8,000 — Corner on Pine st.: Improved with 2
elegant flats, containing 6 rooms and
porcelain bath each.
LANDGREBE. MacNEVIN & JONES,
334 Bush st., between Kearny and Montgomery
streets.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 713 Jag. Flood building.
\u25a0We build -'on" your property or buy you a
lot; you make a •>mall cash payment, then
$8 per month pays principal and interest on
eech $1000 of balance due, making: your
monthly installments le»s than rent; call or
send for circular. ,
$3-;00 — House of 7 room and bath: lot 25x100.
$1000 — House of 5 room; lot 25x100.
$"400 — House of 4 rooms and bath: lot 50x100.
Lot on terms. - 4438 Mission st.
NEW, modern 6-room houses: every conveni-
ence; 835-847 Castro St.; cars pass door; ea9y
terms. same as rent. IIOISE, owner, 417
Market, st. y -
DON'T build before investigating Marshall &
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aronson building. 84 Third st. .
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale.
C M. WOOSTER COMPANY'S ATTRACTIVE
BARGAINS IN COUNTRY LANDS.
GOOD LAND. I.OW PRICES.
ALFALFA, FRCIT, VINES, VEGETABLES
AND POULTRY.
Sacramento Valley irrigated garden soil; $30
to $85 per acre; alfalfa, corn, cattle and
hogs; easy terms; catalogue.
Early orange land at El Mlrador Heights, Lind-
say, where oranae groves pay $400 an
acre; price $50 to $100 an acre; easy
terms; catalogue. .
Santa Clara Valley; fruit vine and poultry
land; $100 an acre; $14 14 monthly. will
purchase 10 acres; land planted for non-
residents; some splendid- bargains in
young vineyards on very easy terms;
buy good land at first cost; catalogue.
$1,800 — 10 acres with town lot in Santa Clara
County; house; 5 acres In bearing fruit;
splendid place for poultry; easy terms.
$5,000 — 400 acres In Santa Clara County; 5
miles from railroad station; SO acres fine
level- land; balance excellent pasture;
running stream; abundance of timber;
house, barn, etc; easy terms. >, : ;
$60,000— Splendid full bearing orchards of 200
acres on Feather River; 150 acres alfalfa
and vegetables; $30,000 to $35,000 annual
Income; cheap irrigation; easy terms. .
$0 per acre — Big stock and grain ranch, 3,8,360
acres; 6000 acrea choice grain land;
railroad and water transportation; a big
bargain; will sell whole or part; typical
colony; easy terms.
$20 an acre; 1312 acres; 1 mile from railroad
( depot in Merced County; canal irriga-
tion; flrst-clas3 for alfalfa and fruit;
fine for subdivision. !
$30 per acre; 861 acres near. Lathrop; 320
— acres fine sandy loam upland; balance
cplendid pasture with abundance of tim-
ber; all well fenced; 2 sets of buildings;
30. seres in alfalfa; a magnificent dairy
farm.
PALO ALTO.
$10 per month; magnificent lots, COxISO feet
adjoining Stanford University; beautiful
live oaks; street work and cement side-
walk included; matchless property; best
' by far on the peninsula; see this' before
you buy elsewhere ; catalogue.
REDWOOD CITY. J
$200— 5450 per acre; choice residence location;
beautflul oak trees; your last ohance to
buy an acre at the price of a town lot;
1-2-5 acre tracts; catalogue.
We have a large list of properties,, large and
small throughout | California; catalogue sent
free.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! -
MOUNTAIN VIEW.
$5500 for 18 acres, near, town; -8 In apricots,
6 in hay and grain, balance used for poultry,
with complete outfit; 2 cottages, barn, poultry
and pigeon houses; runnings water, etc. .
13000 — 10 acres, adjoining, above; 8 in apri-
cots. 2 in prunes, alfalfa patch and vegetable
warden: nice oak trees and building. site.
FAIR OAKS.
Handsome wooded villa sites of 2tj acres and
one of B acres; sewer and electric light facili-
ties. ' ' — * - -
•t- f r MENLO PARK. i-.,\;. :;%.:,;
Beautiful wooded villa sites of 5 acres and
upward In the Coleman tract, , adjoining the
home of E. W. Hopkins, John T. Doyle, Jo-
seph A. Donohoe and others; the most attrac-
tive location in Menlo Park. -\u25a0\u25a0. -
FAIR OAKS— WILL RENT FURNISHED.
Nice villa home- of 5 acres; modern up-to-
date residence; stable, servants' cottage, out-
buildings, etc. ; a complete place; price on ap-
plication. M — lo p ARK: ; \u25a0
One of the mdst beautiful homes in Menlo
Park; modern residence,, stables and outbuUd-
Ings; the grounds handsomely laid out in lawn,
flowers, shrubbery and- rare plants; trees, con-
servatory. \u25a0 etc. \u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0 ' .. -: -
DAVID BUSH & SON. 32S Montgomery st.
Room 412, : Safe Deposit Building.
AAA — "OUR PRICES" on . ranches are lower
than anywhere else , because we do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's price;
we only handle places we ."know" to be good:
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and
cave 20 per cent: Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. BURR-PADDON: C 0..: 40 Mont-
gomery st... San Francisco, Cal.v \u25a0 ; : -.: . - \u25a0
$10,000 BUYS half-interest in 240-acre 'poultry
farm: 4000 laying hens; ' hatching -capacity
20, C00. Address Maywood Poultry .Farm,
Corning, \u25a0 Cal. -, .. - ' v. ; • v
471 ARES, fifteen miles, from Stockton; best
alfalfa and Tokay grape land ? In ; the ? State;
Irrigable. Owner, 454 34th at., Oakland. .
REAL . ESTATE— COUNTRY— For : Sale.
BUISt PADDON COMPANY."
- (Incorporated.)
The leading and jntst reliable " real .estate
\u25a0V* ' brokers tn California. . - , _
"WE HANDLE NOTHING BUT THE BEST"
- . . - , \u25a0\u25a0. :\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0 'and' \u25a0' •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 ' - ••• " \u25a0\u25a0 . "
"WE OUOTE THE LOWEST PRICES."
SANTA CKUZ -COUNTY. . \u25a0.• "
$2650—9 acres richest bottom land, 2 • miles
of Watsonville: 1 aero '. assorted '\u25a0- orchard ; 7-
room house; several outbuildings; ' city • water; '
fine for berries and poul-try; just reduced from
§3500 for immediate, sale. .. ; \u25a0-' /
$900 — 5 acres,* richest loam soil ; 3 miles of
Aromas station: sood 4-room \u25a0 house; this is
fine alfalfa land; genuine barzain.
EXTRA SPECIAL B AKG AIN. .
$12,000— Finest apple orchard in the Pajaro
Valley; 3S^_ acres all in full bearing; adjoins
a beautiful lake; is . only 3 miles from Wat-
sonville, in- the ; choicest neighborhood; fine
oiled road, R. F. D., telephone; no finer home
could be found; Income $SCOO. . \u25a0
$19,000 — 425 acres; 100 acres level; 8 miles
from Watsonville; 2 mlies of station; divided
into 12 fields; water in -each; 50 acres apples
and apricote; 2 acres family orchard; 7-room
house, mllkhouse, large barn, granary, 3 hay-
Bhods; fine for subdivision; would trade for
city income property.
THIS IS YOUR CHANCE.
We have orders from absent owner to sell
this fine' property, at once; SO acres rich loam
soil, only 4 miles of Watsonvllle. Santa Cruz
County; 20 acres 12-year-old apples, S acres
10-year anrlcots, 30 acres hay; family orch-
ard, balance timber; -house, barn, 2 \u25a0 wells;
easily worth $7000. See this quick; half cash.
$1950 — 21 acres richest loam soil, south of
Watsonvllle; all under plow; 10 acres 10-year-
old Bellefleurs, 4-room house, barn and out-
buildings; 5 acres berry land; this Is a gen-
i ulne snap.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
$6000 — iO acres •ad joining Uvermore ; 33
acres bearing vineyard; good 6-room " hard
finished house; all level land; high and graded
schools; 3 houses. 3 cows; all Implements 'in-
cluded In the price; this price has Just been
reduced from $13,000 for immediate sale; old
age reason of sale terms.. .
§2350— 20 1 ,. acres, only 4% miles of Liver-
more; bearing family . orchard; air fenced;
good house, barn, granary, chicken houses; all
lev^l land.
SO HANDY TO THE CITY.
$3400—1% miles north of Haywards, 1-3
of electric road: 10 acres richest dark loam
soil, 5 acrea assorted orchard; No. 1 hard fin-
ished 5-room cottase, closets, bath, sink,
water-piped from and rear porch, brick foun-
dation, rustic barn, well, windmill, large tank:
school one mile; the land alone is assessed,
at $."5000. This Is a snap that is seldom of-
fered; terms if desired.
S2OO0 — 12 acres, Oakley. Contra Costa
County; quarter mile of station; rich level
land; 11 acres 8-year-old almonds; 6-room cot-
taKe, 12 chicken houses, alfalfa patch, wind-
mill, tank; finest poultry ranch in the State,
and dirt cheap.
51000 — 10-acre poultry ranch at Llvermore;
all level; cheapest buy in California.
Livermore is only 35 miles of Oakland; fine
healthy climate; cheap fare and freights.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY. •
$4750 — 10 acres, 2 miles' of Campbell;, 12-
year-old bearing orchard; IH-story 6-room
house, larze bath, alnk. hot and cold water;
windmill 0000-gallon tank; school half mile:
210-egg incubator; on electric road ; this ls*a
real snap.
$3200 — Elegant 4-acre home at San Martin,
controlling 10 acres of railroad land, at nomi-
nal rental. 80 cents an acre: fine 12- room 2-
story house, surrounded by beautiful oaks; 8
acres bearing vineyard; large barn, windmill,
tank, etc.; this la an elegant home, no nicer
homo In the country: resldenco cost the price
asked.
$8500 — 56 acres full bearing vineyard, about
6 miles south of San Jose; good 6-room house,
barn, several outbuildings, wagon scales, wine
tank; the crop on this place has-Just been sold
on the vines for $3000 cash; only a quarter of
a mile from r#llroad depot.
$5000 — 13 1£ acres In railroad town of 3COO, on
main street; 12 acres fine bearing orchard, Al
condition; alfalfa patch, all fenced with wire
netting; good 2-story 7-room, modern, newly
painted dwelling. 5-foot basement: beautiful
lawn, with palms, magnolia trees, etc.; 40-foot
driveway, bordered by hedges, high hedge
along the street: ISO-foot well, tankhouse;
wagon-house, chicken houses for 1000 hens; no
more beautiful home could be found for twice
the money: reason of sale, non-resident owner.
$S5O0 — 313 acres valley and rolling: land, only
2% miles of Morgan Hill: abundance of fine
springs; on main Watsonvllle road; a snap.
LARGE RANCHES.
To rent — JOCO acres in San Luis Oblroo Co.;
fine stock ranse; abundance of water; only
?300.
$+5 an acre; finest dairy ranch in the State;
1300 acrea situated 2 miles south of Lathror.
2 miles of Manteca, 12 miles of Stockton; all
the very best alfalfa land; abundance of green
teed the year around; all fenced;" 0-room
house, barn, wilh outbuildings; this is a
genuine bareain; no land in this vicinity
lees than $75 an acre.
$45.000— CC00-acre stock ranch, near coast;
Ean Luis Obispo County. .
$150 000—340 acres richest level bottom
land. 6- miles of San Jose, 3 miles of Ajjnew
station; 250 acres In full bearing orchard; 60
acres in asnarasus; all well fenced: in five
fields: 6 wells: "_-ood 2-story, 50x80. 17-room
residence, thoroughly modern; cost ?20,000;
large barn, stable, tanks: several dwellings*,
valued In all about 550.C00: stock and imple-
ments valued at 58000; income over $25,000 a
year; this Is the best paying ranch in the
Santa Clara Valley, and ia selling at a very
low figure.
STOCKMEN— INVESTOR.
$50.000— 74,000 acres, 12 miles of Pacific
Ocean: mostly, level sediment soil; no Irriga-
tion necessary for any ctod: no such oppor-
tunity for capital in all the wcrld; buy thl9
to-day: it will make you a millionaire In a
few years hence.
Send for our free list and literature.
Send 6 centS^ for beautifully illustrated
literature on Pajaro Valley, Santa Cruz
Counly: Just issued. \
Tell us what you want; "we have it, and
at the right prices, too.
. BURR-PADDON CO.,
40 Montgomery st. San Francisco, Cal.
ROTHERMEL & CO., 607 California at.
Special Bargains,-
Get Our Catalogue.
$1650 — Farm; 9% acres; 5 miles from Moun-
tain View, with small house, barn and orchard;
Includes horse and wagon, poultry and Imple-
ments; Santa Clara County.
$2400— Nice 30- acre ranch; Napa Valley;
house and barn, orchard and vineyard; in-
duSes hor3e, buggy, cow and poultry; all im-
plements-fine bargain. - :
$2800 — Ranch; 27 acres; near Watsonville;
house, 4 rooms; barn and poultry sheds; . 10
acres orchard; 2 vineyards; all improvements.
$SGOO — 155 acres; reduced; healthy location;
near Los Gatos; house, barn and IS acres
orchard; plenty of wood and pure water; easy
terms.
$6000 — Fine ranch; 25 acres; near Petaluma;
rich loam soil' for vegetables; good 7-room
house; barn and orchard; nice home and paying
farm.
$5500 — Beautiful suburban home between Bel-
mont and San >lateo; 4 acres In orchard and
garden, surrounding a fine 7-room modern
house and- outbuildings; good water; electric
lights, etc. .
$7500 — Elegant ranch; 103 acres; near Napa;
modern .house, _ 7 rooms and bath, barn, etc.;
15 acres orchard ; Includes all Implements,
stock and poultry. ._ —
$10,000— Winery and 4 acres, with buildings
complete and all cooperage; widow is settling
estate; a bargain.: \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
$6 50 an acre — Splendid stock ranch. 2200
acres," good buildings, abundance of water and
wood; stock at low figure; Mendocino County.
I $25,000 — Good : investment; 552 acres, with
half mile frontage on bay; near Martinez, and
on railroad, with buildings; fine dairy and farm
land; also good site for manufacturing. ••-.-.*•.
$25 en acrer-1000 acres tule and vegetable
land, with house and outbuildings; pays good
interest. - - \u25a0 • . .
$10,000 — Excellent stock ranch; 1600' acres;
Sonoma County; well improved; wooded and
watered: .will carry 200 cattle or 2000 sheep;
deceased owner lived there 30 years. Get our
catalogue of country property. ..
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st.
ASPARAGU9 LAND.
-"£ ASPARAGUS LAND.
Land that is growing vegetables, potatoes,
alfalfa and rye grass; also used for dairying
" and stock; the richest and most productive
tract in California; all le\-el alluvial soil;
\u25a0i thoroughly irrigated and. drained.
3000 ACRES -•' 3000 ACRES -
for sale in subdlvsllons to suit; nothing to
equal it in the State. X
EXCEEDINGLY LOW- PRICES. \u25a0
, EXCEEDINGLY LOW PRICES. '
from $65 per acre up. • . ,
Easy terms — Only 14 "cash, balance^ln four
annual '\u25a0 payments. .
This land will pay for Itself. Now rented
at from $10 to $15 per acre cash rent
iA. RARE OPPORTUNITY. '
We have -at last secured . authorization to
sell; this beautiful tract in subdivisions- sit-
uated' within 60 miles from San Franci«co
with \u25a0 both "; rail - and \u25a0 river communication
dally. The land is improved with 10 sets of
farm buildings, and Is all under a thorough
cystem of irrigation, which costs nothing • It
is all planted in asparagus, beans, corn 'po-
tatoes, chickory,. rye grass and alfalfa. .
| The 200 acres now.: used for dairying is
paylngs3o per acre yearly income; land pro-
duces from 200 to 250 sacks of .. potatoes per
acre. Don't fall f to secure. maps and lnfor.
mation. | No other Investment can equal this
It is 'the choicest land In California and the
cheapest. 1 .- .-:•; -...'.\u25a0\u25a0' v _. \u25a0''. \u25a0/
. . • .' > * CH ATFIELD & VINZBNT
; : 228 . Montgomery st., ; S. 'f.
BIGGEST bargain in Calif ornia— SO r acres rich
land, only 4 miles of Watsonvllle, Santa Crua
County: 20 acres bearing 10-year-old apples-
10' acres 8-year-old i apricots; good house
barn. 2 wells; price only '• $4750. BURR-
PADDON C0.,- 40' Montgomery st. . -
* \u25a0 ___'
BRICK hotel of -25 rooms,:. unfurnished; located
in; enterprising Polntft- Richmond; . : a ; fine
chance for _ an experienced hotel-keeper; can
be leased ' or purchased. ' W.- N. RUSSELL,
SOl California st.~, -S. F. •-;. .-, .
ALFALFA irrigated lands.:. $25 per acre;, $1
down; \u25a0$1 > month ; \u25a0no * interest ; call . or J write
for pamphlets, \u25a0• INDEX I LAND AND BOND
CO., 007. Kohl bld.-,' : cor. uai: and -Mont* y sts.*
A MONTHLY ; catalogue country I land bargains
.-.\u25a0 rent-free.' CM. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market."
:\u25a0.\u25a0--•.\u25a0.'-\u25a0\u25a0.-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.: \u25a0\u25a0 ... \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--. .- -'.'. ".\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.. *\u25a0,\u25a0\u25a0-.. \u25a0.-\u25a0-\u25a0• . : \u25a0 \u25a0 .-. -.
REAL ESTATE— COPXTRY— For Sale.
OLD ESTABLISHED. ALWAYS RELIABLE. :
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
LOANS. INSURANCE.
iU TITLES GUARANTEED.
INVESTMENT BONDED SECURITIES.
We oner for a limited time only for cash
investors living out of the city, and not con-
tent with -the a per . cent offered by local sav-
ings banks, first mortgage gold bonds of the
denomination of ; $1000 each, bearing Interest
at 5 per cent per annum, free of -taxes, hav-.
ing lo years- to run. Interest payable semi-
annually by the California I'ltle Insurance
and Trust Company, the trustees. Reference,
tne leading .banking institutions of the coast.
; Mercnants, , larmers, miners or workingmen
' can forward 10 per cent of purchase money
; pending (investigation of securities. Owing to
1 demand : these \u25a0 sending deposits will be accom-
mpdated m rotation. . .
If you have gilt-edged city or country prop-
erty you can exchange it for good securities.
$270,000 — Finest stock range on the West-
ern continent, an- empire in Itself, comprising
1 CO.CCO acres of valley and hill land in Shasta
and Tchama counties, about 8 miles from
Southern Pacific R. R. and town; fine sum-
mer and winter range,' fertile valleys for crops
of hay and grain; traversed Ly giving streams,
supplying abundant water, be3idts innumer-
able large springs all over tract; controls al-
most as much a_aln free range; bank fore-
closure and on easy j terms; rapidly enhancing
in value and containing Immense deposits of
gold and copper \u25a0 worth many times the price
asked. .* •: ~ . .
$35,000— Best equipped dairy in all Oregon,
close to city of Pendleton; 1000 acres, finest
of soil; 100 acres in heavy stand of alfalfa; all
under cultivation and produces heavy^crops:
family orchard of 2 acres; 2 wen-built, hard
flnishtd dwellings; large barn. for horses and
one for cattle, with feeding sheds; bunkhouse;
poultry houses; several hundred tons of hay;
118 graded cews milking at present; S5 heif-
ers; 17 hoifer calves; 14 head No. 1 hor«s and
harness ; 2 elegant milk wagons. • cost $225
each; glass sides; 4 heavy wagons; buggy;
bottom and sulky plows; drills; blacksmith
shop and tools; 25 hives of bees; annual in-
come $14, C00 per year; a third cash only.
$32,u00— 640 acres, 1 mile from town; 60
miles city; creek through place covers It with
sediment annually and unsurpassed for corn,
potatoes, onions, etc.; all bottom land; well
fenced and f cross-fenced into 10 fields; water
near surface; water 'piped to buildings and
yards; windmill and 10,000-gallon tank; rail-
road passes through place; suitable alfalfa; 8
wells and large reservoir 1 ; barn 68x100; barn
38x60; barn 2-1x30; large wagon and toolhouse;
granary; cement cellar; mod-srn 7-room dwell-
ing;-flne Income. - *
$-C,OCO worth of country property, well lo-
cated, wanted In trade for a - beautiful resi-
dence, modern in every detail, surrounded by
lawns and statuary, on the Heights, in swell-
est 'residence section of Oakland, overlooking
Lake Merritt; block 300x300; natural stone
coping; stables; living-room 30 feet long; hard-
wcod finish; subdivide and cell quickly; In-
vestigate this through ''the leading .banks of
Oakland and we will talk business.
Offer wanted— Famous Orange Colony tract.
1 mile of Orland; level as a billiard table; on
main irrigation ditch; produces five crops of
alfalfa a season; adapted to oranges, lemons,
almonds, figs and grapes; surrounded by beau-
tiful homes; level roads; all surveyed in 10-
acro lots, ' facing the main county road; 270
acres in all; no offer refused.
$10,500— General farm and dairy, compris-
ing 320 acres of rich soil, one mile of station
and creamery, Marln County; good 2-story resi-
dence, S rooms and bath ; adjoining 8-room
house for employes; 2 large barns; mllknouse;
8 large springs; water piped to house and
grounds; family orchard; shade trees; -large
crops hay, grain and potatoes; average rental
past 5 years, $750.
$25 per cere — its acres . hill land, 8 miles
either Mayfi-eld or Mountain View; highest
part natural lake, fed by springs on place,
sufficient to supply neighboring towns and ir-
rigate a large body of alfalfa; fine place for
resort, boating, etc. ; small house, saloon and
restaurant, stables, etc
$10,000— Only 1 mile from Sebastopol, at
electric station; 101 acres fine sandy loam; 2
bearing, orchards; one 2}4 acres prunes,
peaches and cherries; another 17 acres full
bearing best varieties of apples; 17 acres fine
corn; 7 acres Bur bank potatoes; balance in
crops; fine hop land; residence 10 rooms; large
barns; 10 poultry houses and wire netting
yards; brooder-house, granary, storehouse,
wagon shed; also good 4-room cottage; fine
tract for subdivision.
$8750 — 100 acres Island land, 6 miles from
Stockton, on Santa Fe R. R. ; an irrigation
ditch flows through place; water free; all
rented for $11 per acre and In potatoes, beans,
onions and rye grass: small house, barn and
usual outbuildings. Where can you get a bet-
ter income on investment?
$3400 — 10 acres best island land, subject to
irrigation; water free; 30 acres in asparagus;
rents $10 per acre; small house, barn and out-
buildings.
?ti2so— Make your own terms; 40 acres in the
famous Lodl fruit belt; 30 acres full bearing
orchard, half, peaches, balance apricots and
prunes; modern. 6-room cottage, large well-
built barn; fruithouse; windmill and* tank; all
necessary outbuildings; farming implements; S
horses, cow, buggy, wagon, etc.; 3mll«s of
town: l-mlle of school; can borrow two-thirds
price easy. ' •
$12.000 — SO acres, "214 miles 'from Haywards
and close to . the new boulevard and Western
Pacific station; about 20 acres full ; bearing
fruit; large modern 8-room resld-ence; pantrlea;
porcelain bath; marble basins;- large windmill
and tank; fine grounds, ornamental trees; ma-
cadamized drive; large stables, hold 40 tons
hay: 6 stalls, all cemented; carriage-house;
swell income home; part cash; might trade in-
come property. .
$ACo—^Finest corner in Santa Clara County,
Alum Rock aye., 3 miles San Jose; large sar
loon, " 5-room cottage; stone walks . and
grounds; lG I ,^ acras fine soil in full bearing;
apricots, peaches, prunes and walnuts; wlnd-
mllland tank: stables: water piped to build-
ings and grounds; buildings leased $30 per
month; orchard brings in about $1200' per
year: might exchange. I
$8000 — Xi acres - dark alluvial rolling land,
between Napa and Sonoma City; small family
orchard; new hard finished cottage of 4 rooms;
also . celled cottage, 4 rooms; used for hired
i help or summer boarders; raises fine crops of
hay and grain; unsurpassed for fruit and
vines; large barn; windmill and tank; poultry
houses and yards; good winery: 5 horses, cour,
wagons and farming tools; bank mortgage
$3000; trade -equity bay cities property.
ALFALFA LANDS. -
$30 per acre, only half cash; on main Stan-
islaus Irrigation ditch, 8 miles of Rippn, near
creamery, where milk is shipped to city dally;
70 miles San Francisco; level sandy loam, all
ready to run laterals? close to church and
schools; tr_reu 20 acres up.
$75 per acre, subdivisions of 10 acres up, 2Vi
miles cf Lodl; famous melon and tokay section;
alfalfa of the best; school on tract; fine homes
on all sides.
$25 per acre, under irrigation; In popular
alfalfa and- dairy section known as Manteceta
district; ; sandy soil; good roads; close to
school.
FRUIT AND POULTRY RANCHES.
$0300 — 18 acres fine black, loam at Mountain
View. 39 miles city; level sprinkled road;
rural delivery; adjoining residences of well-
known millionaires; 8 acres Blenheim apricots;
6 acres hay; 2 cottages, -3 rooms each;. 5000-
gallon tank; "incubator and brooder houses; 12
poultry houses; wire-netting yards; stable, cor-
rals, 1 etc. : running stream, dam erected creates
artificial lake for boating; massive oaks adorn
property. • ' \u25a0 >
$6500—30 acres black loam at beautiful
Edenvale, 8 miles city of San Jose; 5 - acres
prunes ; \u25a05 • acres almonds ; 5 acres apricots ; 10
acres great stand alfalfa; finest pumping plant
Santa Clara County, capacity 800 gallons a
minute: close to school; small house, barn,
outbuildings. .
$2500—104 acres rolling land, south of j Ean
Jose; soil produces heavy crops hay and grain;
family orchard;. 5 acres fine vineyard: all in
bearing; balance hay and pabture; good dwell-
ing of 5 rooms; barn and outbuildings: plenty
water; 8 head of cattle; farming Implements;
good income. , ' % \u25a0 .
$15,000—40 acres river bottom land. 2 miles
Yountville;. tiled and cross-tiled; some prunes
and large family orchard; pretty summer re-
sort* station close; \u25a0 residence 12 large rooms,
baths, hot and cold water; cement cellar: new-
ly furnished;, refrigerators; French range;
stable 00x90, full hay; carriage-house; wind-
mill tower; 3 soda springs; swimming tanks;
fi new cottages; trade Income property and pay
cash difference. o ' '< • ' ', ' ~ ,
$10 000 — 26 acres black sandy, loam In irri-
gation district; 12 minutes' walk bank corners.
Oakdale; all In full bearing apricots, peaches
and cherries, some oranges, olives and
almonds; new, modern 9-room residence, por-
celain bath, clothes and ohina closets; natural
wood finish; windmill and tank; new pumping
plant; farming implements; spring wagon,
horse. 2 cows; fine income; trade city or across
the bay and assume. •
$16 000— Modern 2-story brick building and
basement, adjoining bank corner; best retail
location in hustling mining; town of Northern
California: 1 building 40x120 oh large lot; com-
bination gas\ and electrical fixtures; present
rental $210 : per month, but stand raise soon,
as leases expire; trade j income or residence
property around bay. - - -
\u25a0 $18 COO— IOO acres alluvial loam on the Big
Ranch -road, 2 miles of Napa City; elegant
modern residence; -baths 1 ; clothes and china
closets: 9 ; large • rooms,- hand-decorated; hard-
wood iloors ; • large . grounds ; stables, . carriage-
house- grounds: . outbuildings; 3 acres choice
milt- sell 25 acres, with improvements, for
SSOOO; might trade- good bay property. -
' $8000— 420 - acres, 2 miles postofflce, Napa
County • ' 170 acres rich valley land ; raise*- fine
corn and grain ;: fenced Into 6 fields; 2500 cords
standing timber; 3 large springs; old house, " 4
rooms- large-barn; 5 young .horses; v buggy
horse - farm wagon ; mowing machine ; \u25a0 tools ;
furniture; poultry; part cash; might trade.',: ':.-,
' $">OO down, -as evidence of good faith only;
\u25a0balances \u25a0 many . years at 5 per^ cent ; 114 \u25a0 acres
rolling rich ' land, . near • San Jose; fine crops;
good dwelling." barn, outbuildings; water piped
to buildings: owner - will ; advance money for
seed- or Improvements; ?4000.:,' ,
$750 down, V balance .14 . years, monthly - pay-
ments • 58 ; acres,'; "S . miles ; Capltola; / 20 ; acres
high state cultivation; 4 acres full bearing a p-
nles \u25a0 pears, * grapes; , 15 ; acres corn, ; potatoes, -
string beans; I 5 acres | hay land, balance . tim-
bered pasture; 8-room hard-finished house; hot
and cold water; 5 poultry houses; 6 outhouses;
clear $1600 year easy; $32C0.
Send stamp for - the largest printed list pub-
lished on -the coasts Property handled at bed-
rock prices and'on exclusive contracts only. \u25a0
••.-• -. W.J . WHITE r.COMP ANY,
26 Montgomery str. room 8. Phone Main 8704.
. ... . .... .-..-. .. . ..-.\u25a0.\u25a0 - ...
REAL ' E STATE — COUNTRY— For Sale.
MENDOCINO "COCNTYr~NEAR UKIAH. •
40 acres . of land ; 5 acres cleared, balance
wood; house, stable; $900.
40 acres; -30 acres under cultivation; corn,
grain; 1 acre in fruit: good 5-room hou3e.
barn, \u25a0 cellar. 3. chicken houses; tools, wagon
and horse; $1900: terms.
4fi acres; 30 cultivated; 2 acres bearing grape
vines; some fruit, a few acres of rivtr-bottom
land; comfortable house.; barn; $WCO.
55 acres: 25 acres In grain; :> acres in corn;
1 acre in vines; fruit trees, potatoes, etc.; 2
houses. 1 2 barns, stable 3, . etc. : wagons, all
farming tools, horses, cows, hogs, chickens,
blacksmith shop; $35C0.
Napa Valley farm of 80 acres; 60 acre 3 In
grain, corn and good bearing grape vine's,
fruit trees; good house, barn, etc.; all farming
tools, wagons, horses, cows, chickens; terms. -
251 acres; 50 acres cleared which will raise
good corn, alfalfa and vines; . balance good
range' pasture land and timber; $2000; terms.
JOSEPH STRAUB. «30 Market 3t.. S. F.
CHICKEN, berry, vineyard, orchard lands, im-
proved and unimproved; 10 acres, $1500: 5
acres. $t>CO; 15 acres. $1600; 20 acres, $2000:
couple hundred down, balance long time; 5
per cent: these are not only chicken ranches,
but berry and orchard besides; the neigh-
\u25a0 bors gave me their land to sell as wet! as
my own, thereby keeping it out of agents'
J hands who will make you pay a big com-
mission, and as you might be my next-door
neighbor I will tell you th* truth about the
places; so buy direct of the owners; no adobe,
all sandy loam, rural, dell very, home of the
hen; on electric railroad, between Petaluma
and Sebastopol; come, any time, get off. at
Hesse! Station; investigater easy terms, long
time: CHARLES GLOECKNER. Sebastopol
postofflce. Sonoma County. Cal.
GOOD farm. 163 acres. 3 miles from Oakland;
$125 per acre. GILBERT WYMAN, 27th aye.
and East 16th. Frultvale. Cal. Tel. Brook 123.
Poultry ranches. Write to J. W. Horn Co.. Pet-
alurna, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
HAYWARD.
Are you Interested in possessing a first-class
pieeo of land on easy terms? We have a few
lots containing about 5 acres each, which we
are selling for $300 down, balance to suit buy-
er; can be r>ald as rent if desired.
These lots are splendidly located and only
half mile from school; 1 mile from cars; don't
miss this opportunity of owning your own
home. . • >5
We also offer the following fine bargain*:
Choice piece land of 5 acres; good location;
best soil; for $1625. \
. 4 acres; half In fruit and grapes ; 5-room
house, barn and other outbuildings; abundant
water; 1 mile from Hayward, only $1900.
5 acres;. small orchard; 6-room house, bare,
chicken houses, etc; spleniid location; half
mil* from school; 2 miles from Hayward; $3100.
12 acres; 10 acres in orchard; mostly cots
and almonds; 2 acres fine for early peas; house
of 6 rooms; hard finished; barn, chicken-house
and yard; 3 miles from Hayward; I\~ miles
from cood school; $4250.
10 acres; 7 acres in fine orchard; variety of
fruit; 3 acres alfalfa or tomato ground; splen-
did soil; everything necessary for poultry
business; nice largo barn; 5-room cottage,
windmill, tank and tankhouae; owner clears
from $700 to $1000 a year; this place is cer-
tainly a fine bargain; close to school and rail-
road station; $5000.
We also have several fine stock ranches and
unimproved lands in acreage from 5 to 500
acres at exceptional values.
Fine modern house of 8 rooms, bath and all
modern conveniences; good barn, chicken
houses and yards: 50 chickens, horse. 2 cows,
wagon, surrey, cart and farming Implements
go with the place; also furniture; f»Vi acres fine
soil, good vegetable land; half mile from cars;
owner going away and makes this offer for a
short time only; this is certainly a fine snap;
$5500. ;
10 acres splendid orchard; variety of fruit;
fine 8-room bouse, barn, tank and mill: chick-
en-house and yards; 1 mile from Hayward; this
is a fine poultry "and fruit ranch, with good
Improvements; $6500.
RAM AGE & STANTON,
Hayward, Castro St.. near A.
.Closed Sundays, except by appointment.
7 ACRES with 2i_ acres fruit and vines; full
bearing; house S rooms, barn, 3 chicken
houses, windmill and tank; fine water, 125
chickens; horse, harness and buggy; cow;
only $2700. '
4 acres: some younj: fruit; new 4-room
house. 3/chlcken houses, brooder-house, SOO
fine chickens; horse, harness, new spring
wagon; $2600.
10 acres fine creek- bottom land; nearly all
out to fine fruit and berries; gcod roomy
house; barn, chicken houses, mill and tank;
fine location; only $SSOO.
These places all reduced In price, to make
quick sale and must be se»n to be appre-
ciated; unimproved land from $200 per acre
and up; in the most favored section in Cali-
fornia; don't fall to see me when in Hay-
ward. Call on or address
P. WILBERT. 529 Castro St.,
Hayward, Cal.
SAJT MATEO REAL ESTATE.
. —BURLINGAME
THE "EASTON ADDITION" TO
BURLINGAME
10 Minutes From S. P. Co.'s Station.
Take San Mateo El-ectrio Cars to
"EASTON" STATION.
On the Property..
Grading and macadamizing of streets, laying
of sewer and water pipes, curbs and sidewalks
will be immediately undertaken. >
AT SELLERS' EXPENSE.
Lots have 50-foot frontage and
BACK ON ALLEYS.
SALOON PROHIBITION and a
$1500 building restriction will Insure
this being a desirable suburb.
LOTS FROM $400 UP.
TERMS— SIO DOWN AND
$10 A MONTH. ,
B0 Lets Sold First Two Weeks.'
INVESTIGATE -TO-DAY.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
116 California st.. San Francisco. CaL.
AND ON PROPERTY.
MILLBRAB is the place to buy good property
at a low Trice; good school; marine view;
100 feet elevation; no fog; lot will double In
price in one year; a few more lots left at
$200; $25 cash. $5 month; no interest or taxes
I till delivery of deed; money paid in returned
to heirs in case of death; title insured; this
property is a snap at prices offered; Investi-
gate at once ; also a piece 200x120 ft. comer,
at a bargain; near depot. Maps, circulars or
further information, call on cr address
F. A. DUNBAR, Phone Bush 430,
\ Flood Bldg.. 809 Market st.
40 MINUTES to Menlo Park; new rapid transit
arrangement? affords best climate, eto.; near
world's greatest university; Menlo Heights
acre lots, $400 (will double); on electric car
line extension; altitude 125 feet; school, water
mains in, etc. A. W. BELL, Palo Alto, or
417 Parrott bldg.. S. F. _^^
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
A A — WHY buy outside of the town of Bur-
lingame when you can buy choice lots right
in the "hub" Itself of the Howard estate for
the same money. Wise ones have bought and
are building homes there, because the loca-
tion is right and there is sound value in the
property. Large lots, 50x150, and larger
prices, $450 and up; easy terms and low in-
terest; wide avenues, streets graded and
sewered, water pipes laid. In short time this
property only 25. minutes' from the city. If
you want the best "lots for home or to hold
for a raise buy the Howard property. Send
for map -and price list to Howard Estate. 2%
Sansome st.. room 3; phone Main 632. Local
office right at the "Hub" in Burlingame.
Agent on ground every day. - .
OVER 200 LOTS SOLD. •
At beautiful Mill Valley one has all the con-
veniences of the city, - combined . with the
charms of the country; go there to-day; you
will enjoy the outing and see the grand lots
right at the station \u25a0 that •we are offering;
beautiful , redwood trees.
Sewers and water -mains laid; large lots,
from $300 to $650; 10 per cent cash, balance
$10 monthly. S Agent on the tract Sundays.
PIEpMOXT REAL ESTATE.
.A LOSS TO THE OWNER P ~~~
f A BARGAIN* FOR YOU!
One of the most desirable residence lots in
the Alta Piedmont Tract will be sold at con-
siderably less than adjoining lots can be bought
on account of owner leaving the State; 50-foot
frontage on Pala' ave... Bo- foot street in rear;
unbroken view of the bay; street work, sewers
and sidewalk complete;- apply at once. WM.
M. BUTTERS JR.. 468 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
BURLIXGA3IE REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE ' buying lota at Burlingame look at
the Burlingame Villa Park Tract; building
or investment lots 50x120. $425; $25 cash, bal-
ance $10 month; money paid In on \u25a0 install-
ments returned to heirs in case of death: only
a few . minutes' \u25a0 walk from S. P. depot : San
Mateo electric cars stop at property; tell tha
. conductor to let you off at Oak Grove are.,
Burlingame; beautiful shade trees on prop-
erty: we are making special inducements to
home-builders: we will advance the money to
build on a straight loan proposition at a low-
rate of Interest; prices of lots include all im-
provements; sewers. - : water, \u25a0 curbing of
streets and street .work; agent on property
all day Sunday; send : for circular; title per-
. feet; no trouble 1 to show you •\u25a0 the property
F. A. DUNBAR. General Agent. r room 3c"
Flood building, 809 Market st., San Fran-
cisco; phone Bush 430. '-\u25a0
GOING FAST. . : \u25a0 , \u25a0\u25a0 •-•\u25a0 .-
• . : GOING FAST.
-Get in < before . the best ' are gone: nothing to
compare with our lots 'in Burlingame: lots. 50
feet. $450 upward; macadam streets, sewer and
; water. ." \u25a0 ;sSSSasSaB^e3B«Sß*sg^_sg
. : LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st!
~~ REAL ESTATE WA3TTEdT~
- ,'\u25a0 PROPERTY OWNERS
Desiring . quick sales,' Ust your property with
\u25a0 us; exclusive- contracts at bedrock. prices on-
ly; 'read to-day's ad under Country. Real Es-
tate. W.-J. WHITE CO., 26 Montg-ry. r.'B.i
- \u25a0 . v
FAIR OAKS REAL' ESTATE.
A— FAIR OAKS= MENLO PARK.
Villa sites containing 1 to 5 acrts on un-
usually easy terms. Beautifully - wooded.
Water acd electric Ushta. Bus tiirect. Con-
venient to statiun. '-fair Oaks Park." "Lind*
Vista" and "Qutlkt.V Tracts. Lnvest!?at9
cur properties and inducements before bu>-
ins-
SELBY. KODGERS & CO..
118 California st.. S. F. and Menlo Park.
s.\i;s.\i«rro real estate.
THE fall is u:mutsticnabl>- the mo3t BfH.ilftll
nine on the Pacific Slopv. and iu>v.-her» i»
this so true as in the Naples oi America — «
Sausalito. For Uoxues* to rent. £or lota tor
tale see W. 11. ATKINSON, riom tO. Chron-
icle b!d_-.. y to 11 a. in. ; let. Ur.j.vn tXSi
Fausalito. 2t05 p. m. : .t.-S. Mela 411. Suu-
days at Sausatito. -
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHA-VGE.
IMPROVED buainen property in • Oakland,
value J27.0C0; also 10 cottages, value $13.-
CtO; alt clear and unincumbered: will ex-
change for grain or pasture ' lands within
50 ciilea of San Francisco. UIT.BEKT
WYMAN, Twenty-sev«nth aye. and East
Sixteenth st.. Frultvale. : ohone Brook VZi.
80-ACRE ranch. 5 mills west of Oalrsfll*.
Napa Co., with improvements, $3CCO: part
cash or will exchange for Berkeley property.
PHILBRICK. 449 Xi Guerrero st. \u25a0_
FROPjERTY XVXSTEJi.
PROPERTY OWNERS
Desiring quick sales, list your property wita
us; exclusive contracts at bedrock prices on-
ly; read to-day's ad under County Real E»-
tate. W. J. WHITE CO.. Ztt ontg'ry, r. i».
WANTED — Nice cottage In Alameda: $1000
down; balance same as rent; state fullest
details and lowest Ptlce. \u25a0 417 Oak st.
WANTED — Large tract in Santa Clara County;
suitable for subdivision. Box SBO2. Call;
TYPEWRITERS ASD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 506 California st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTWTS
ALA.3IEPA 'REAL ESTATE.
COME TO ALAMEDA.
THE PARADISE OB 1 CALILFORNIA.
The Part of the State That Will Stand Investi-
gation.
Get off at Morton station, then call on A. J.
Torres, the real estate broker, who will show
you the best buys in small or large places in
all parts of Alameda. Terms, cash or install-
; meats. : -. » -'\u25a0_
__________
JIIC0 — Gcod 5-room cottage, near station.
$1550 — Fins cq^taga of 5 rooms; snap.
: $2100 — Will buy swell 5-room cottage.
$2350 — Modern, up-to-date 5-room cottage;
$300 down, balance same as rent; don't over-
look.
$3500 — Swell homo; 7 rooms;. Enclnal aye.
$3CC0 — Modern, up-to-date, I^-story colonial
1 house, 6 rooms and bath; on Alameda aye.; -
: very central.
i $4(XX) — 9-room house on San Antonio aye.
$5000— Will buy a beautiful, modern, up-to-
date, S-room house on San Antonio aye. ; this
home must be seen to be appreciated.
$5650^ — Swell home; moaern and up-to-date in
every respect; consisting of 14 rooms; in fin«
location; near school and station; large lot.
50x2C6. If you are looking for a home don't
overlook this chance.
$BCOO will buy a choice piece of business
property, consisting of stores and Cats; this
property is bringing in 12 per cent net: if you
are looking for an investment don't overlook
this opportunity.
$12,500 — Read this ad over carefully, then
call and investigate this property, consisting
of 4 beautiful 2-story bouses of 7 rooms each,
on largo corner lot; owner obliged to sacrifice
on account of leaving State; don't hesitate;
chances of this kind don't last long.
Why pay rent? Buy on the installment plan.
Save the rent money.
A. J. TORRES.
Morton-st. Station, .Narrow Gauga,
Alameda.
Office csen to-day from 9 to 3.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES "
FOR SALE Df ALAMEDA
BY THE ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
141S PARK ST.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS VERY CHEAP.
SEE THE NEW HOMES WE ARB SF.T.T.INQ.
PURCHASE ONE OF THEM TO-DAY. PROP-
ERTY IS DAILY INCREASING IN VALUE.
SOME EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD BARGAINS:.
$1,700 — A fine large 0-room cottage; lot SOx
125; a bareain.
$S50 — Lot 50x150, on principal street; (dos-
ing estate).
$2.250 — Beautiful new 0-room bungalow cot-
tage, nesr Central aye.
$950— Elegant lot. 52x147; originally cost
$1500; a snao.
$2,500 — New 5-room bungalow; gaa and .leo-
'triclty (handsome).
$2,750 — Fine 5-room cottage; large lot; choice
locality: a bargain.
$3.750 — Elegant 7-room 2-story house; near
trains and schools.
$3,250 — 6-room cottage; lot SO—lC9; bet. Grand
and Chestnut tss.
$3,500 — (S-room cottage; fine location; large
lot; a barstatn.
$3,750 — New 6-room cottage; 1% story; fin-
ished In Dice.
$4,5C0— 8-room 2-story house; lot COxlSO;
Chestnut-st. station.
$5, C0O — 8-room home; large lot; Central aye.:
to b« sacrificed.
$7.CC0 — S-room home; finished In oak; Central
aye.; a snao.
$10.000 — The finest home in Alameda; cannot
be duplicated for the money.
Homes Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY*
141S PARK ST.
Telephone Alameda 400.
IF YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY. 'BUT
REAL ESTATE ANYWHERB IN ALAMEDA.
RAPIDLY ADVANCING.
; Our large renting business briaga us la con-
tact with almost everything that Ii for sale.
We are advertising desirable properties at de-
sirable prices. »
READ CAREyULLT.
$2000— A swell 6-room cottage, nice bathroom.
in fact the rooms are ail large and in ex-
cellent condition; on a corner; basement
floored and roomy; $SOO down and the
balance $20 per month.
$3500 — A 7-room house, in good condition; on
•> lot 80x1-13 feet, on Central aye. ; $500
down and the balance as desired.
$5000— One of the prettiest -homes in Ala-
meda: a colonial building of 6 large rooms
in -a story and a half creation; large ve-
randas; elegant Interior finish; one half
cash, balance as desired.
$ISCO — A swell 4-room cottage, modern in every
detail; on St. Charles at., near Santa
Clara aye.
$2500 — A swell, modern, 9-room cottage in a
nice location; $500 down and the balance
come as rent.
We have houses to rent and do a general
real estate business and do it well. For any-
thing in the real estate line see
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
The Leading and Rallabls Agents, at
1422 Park St.. Alameda.
Salesmen In office to-day.
WE have 2 lots., sunny side of street, couth of
Central aye.. near Morton-st. t station; cacb
$1000 If sold at once.
A first-class 2-story, \u25a0 9-room house, all
modern conveniences; lot 50x150; $SCCO; good
location.
Nice 2-story, 11-room house, with all mod-
ern Improvements. elegantly furnished
throughout; flna location, near Morton-st.
station; rent $75 per month. \u25a0\u25a0-
Houses to let and lots for sate, any part
of tha city.
J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park* St.. Alameda.
BARGAINS — $25C0— 7- roomed house on San
Antonio aye.; lot 60x150: tn goud condition.
0 new cottages, 3 and 6 rooms; snap; $-DGO
to $3250; good homes*.
25 lota In different parts of beautiful Ala-
meda for haspy homes. .
Valuable business property on Park st. ;
lot eCxICO; only $2250.
H. R. AITON CO..
1233 Park st.. Alameda.
BRAND new 4-room bungalow: sunny side;
choice location: $1750; terms $200 cash, bal-
ance same as rent.
Five-room modern cottage, near station;
: $1750; terms to suit.
New t»-room cottage; high basement: lot
40x105; cke-ice; location; $3G00; terra?, $ICIV
cash, balance to suit. •
HAWKS A MEHRTENS.
Cor." Railroad aye. and Webster st.. Alameda.
7-ROOM house, lot 35x150: $900. ~~~
10-room house; fine- location; $3200.
6-room cottage. Santa Clara aye., near
City Hall; $3500.
2-story. 6-room house; fine location; $2300;
must be sold. •\u25a0'-.':
G. L. LEWIS, 1516 Park st.
LOT— $10. per front ft.: 150 ft. depp: new
buildings all around: 8 sold, only 0 lett: $4c>
cash and $lv per mo.; $2300: new cottage. 5
rooms, choice locatiou: $10tM>. new cottage. -;
5 rooms., lot 33x135. J. .11. YOUNG, owner.
1213 Park st.. Alameda. . - \u25a0 \u25a0
DON'T fail to see CHA3. ADAMS & CO.. Bay
station, for ;Alam*da- real t«ta«e». who have
the- greatest bargains. ever offered for sale in
Alameda. Office open Sundays.
COLONIAL .residence for sale; owners soin?
East; bargain. Information at 14 17 A Post st.
For - Additional Classified Adrertlse-
. men 111 1 See Page 43,
4142
BERKELEY ADVEBT-'S'XTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
UIRDSALL & CRAIG,
_IC7 Shinuck aye.. at Berkeley Station.
W« have ouly a few of those $9t)o lots left
In m.r.uw I'ark. These lots are 6 minutes'
v.i.fc to thi Key route and 3 minute*' walk to
- v.v «-o.ieg« aye. car line; surrounded by fine
L<-_>e*: lots 50x130- This Is
wher* the 200 per cent profits are made.
Names and figures to back our statement. We
offer these lots for $900 now. When the Key
route Marts running same lots will double in
xslue.
Only two of those choice Vernon Park lots
left facing College aye. at $1350. "Why don't
you secure one of these? One block to the
Key route station.
To see Woodlawn Park IS to buy a lot. To
buy & lot is to make a good profit. These lots
selling; rapidly on Eight.
Beautiful home In East Berkeley; large sun-
r.y lot; modern ar.d well appointed: price $5000.
Lot on Forrest aye., east of Piedmont aye.,
€1 :eet front, at a barcaJn.
House of 10 rooms in the Berry-Bangs Tract;
KmethSng swell; in a flne location; price $6250.
Lot 150 feet front by 270 feet deep, covered
with shrubbery; facing south: in the Claremont
district. This is a ipleodld ;>'.ace for a tine
fccrr.e. See us for rriie and terms.
A flne piece «f acreage for sa.>. covered with
ebrubb^ry: near Olaremont aye.; this Is some-
thing choice.
Pretty cottar in North Berkeley; on a large
let; price $3650.
We offer a B!>!eadl4 northeast corner near
Berrjrr.ar. station; 101:6x120; $2750.
A few very choice lots en College aye. at
a very low fieurr.
Pretty bungalow east of College aye.: larre
eunny lot; hish basement: street work and
sidewalks complete; price $4250.
Investments In Berkeley property are bring-
ing our clients a handsome return. "Be wise"
and sevure ecme ot" these investments.
BIRDS ALL * CRAIG.
21fi7 Shattuck aye.. at Berkeley Station.
Francis reimrgn.
2121 Shattuck aye. Berkeley. Cal.
"AT KI^Y ROUTE TERMINUS."
BEST BARGAIN IN BERKELEY.
94000 tcr a 10-room house, south front lot,
$0x135; tills location will shortly be busi-
ness property: now is the opportunity.
$5700 buys m-w, modern a-room house with fin-
ished basement; san deck, choice location,
lot 40x1*5; 2 fireplaces; best of finish; well
planned.
$CSCO tor S-room house: polished floors, finished
basement; choice corner lot, 52x100. in the
B*rry-Bangs Tract; this place will not be
offered long at this price, as property in
Bfrry-13ar.£rs Tract Is constantly advanc-
ing.
$6500 — Elegant S-room house on Telegraph j
aye.; has finished attic and basement; j
furnace. 2 fireplaces, hand decorated ceil-
lr.gs: lot 47x110; east frcnt.
$5435 Will purchase fine 13-room house on Dur-
ant aye. ; you will make no mistake by in-
vesting in this property; it is an espe-
cially good buy.
$5700 for an S-room house on Hillegas aye..
If sold at ence; lot Mxl6o.
$3250 gets fine, r.tw 7-room house on Forest
aye.: easy terms; street work all done.
$2490 — S«v<>n rooms and bath: Wheeler St.; !
let 50x140; see this and then make us an (
offer.
$2.T-0 — Five-room cottage, sunny, modern; $30u
cash.
$2750 — Four-room house; fine lot, 4r.i1. "5: North
Berkeley.
$1200 buys 4 good sunny lots; close to cars;
1 corner. 3 inside.
fiOOO"for cottage end 2 handsome lots in We«t
Berkeley.
$000 eaoh fcr " fine lets in the MeGee Tract;
BARGAINS.
$Sso— Fine lot in MeGee Tract: $400 down and
balance $7 per mcr.th.
$15<X> — Fine corner in Leonard Tract; street
work £.11 done.
'•AND OTHERS TOO NUMEROUS TO MEN-
TION TO-DAY."
"WE PELL THE EARTH"
And Our New Telephone Number Is Berkeley
1547.
JUPTER & BAIRD.
EpecJal Agents for the Northlands. Falrview
Park, H'ipklns Terrace. Colby and \u25a0
Claromont Park Tracts.
f\OSo— Elegant lot. 45x123, in fine location, east
of Shattuck aye. ; strtrt work complete.
$2r>o0 — An elegant corner. feOxlOO.
$2250— Elegant northwest vctr.er in the Berry-
Banys Tract: 65 front.
J27.V) — Magnificent marine view lot, with double
frontage of 55 feet.
$3400 — New 5-room cottage, basement ; large
lot: modern plumbing; fine place.
$4900 — Elegant 7-room house In fine location:
should net 7 ptr cent on the Investment.
$800 — Magnificent 10-room house; elegantly fin-
ished; ask to see tin*.
We make a specialty ct fine residence and
busings properties, many of which we handle
excliu-Jrely and are not advertised elsewhere.
For furtl^er information see
JL'STER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck aye.
E. L. CORYELL CO..
REAL ESTATE AND FIRE INSURANCE.
First National Bank Building.
If you wish to buy a 1« for your home in
the best section of Berkeley ju« call and see
ye. We b.tive some of the very- choicest prop-
erty In Alameda County for sale. Maps are
rot out yet and we are not rtady to take de-
pcslts. but you j-j« come Jn ar.d we will glad-
ly show you thlr tract and take your name
•.nd address and Just as soon as prices, maps.
«tc. are ready you will be notified and you
can secure your choice of these lots.
E. L. CORYELL CO..
Rcoms 301-303 Flrrt National Bank Bldg.
Fhone Berkeley 92. P. O. box 93.
P. M. DODGE & PON.
2118 Shattuck aye., Berkeley.
Telephone Stuart 32.
$3450 — New 0-room houne near Telegraph aye.;
lot 33:4x70: good car service near.
$3500 — Fulton-st. house: new and modem; 7
rooms and bath; lot 45x125.
$3600 — 7-room. house near Grove st. ; lot 40x
lf*>; easy walk to the station.
$4750 — Nice %-room house near College aye. ;
rood location and near cars; lot 40x120.
f€SOO — l)-room house on Delaware *t. ; lot
43*133: short distance from station and
business center; brand new.
If ytn wish to purchase a nice home or lot
la Berkeley we v/ould be pleased to serve you.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
2113 Shattuck a\-e.. Berkeley.
$2800 — NEW modern cottage; 6 rooms: south
front; large lot: eaet of track;. $750
cash; owner \u25a0 says he must have money
and. hts cut &rice for quick sale.
Also a new 2-Ftory house; up-to-date
la every particular; corner lot: 7 rooms:
price $3100; $750 cash: price reduced for
quick sale. These cannot be duplicated
lor price asked.
$900 — Cottage; 3 rooms; larire lot; convenient
location; $300 cash. $15 month.
$2700 — New modern cottage; 5 rooms; large
lot; east of track; gas. electricity, etc. ;
$250 cash, balance to FUlt.
HFDEMARK & BRADHOFF. Lorin, Berkeley.
Open Sunday. Carriage in attendance.
6TOP PAYING RENT: BE. YOUR OWN
LANDLORD!
If you have S2s<> come and see us and we
will start you right.
New modern cottaces $1650 up; large lots. ,
or
We will build to suit from your own plans.
Lots of lots, ?150 down and $15 per month; '
all etreet work complete, sidewalks laid;
minute from stations: swell residence ' prop-
erty; price $750, and they are going fast. Buy
new: don't d»lay. Procratt I nation is the thief
of opportunity. \u25a0»
HEDEMARK & ERADHOFF. Lorin, Berkeley.
Phone Mason 1821.
$4350 — A new S-room house; pol'shed floors:
4 blocks from center of town said railway
facilities; on a NW corner; lot 45x100.
For «ale — Fine 9-room hcute In North Berkeley-
lot 60x135: mest frontage.
FOR RENT FURNISHED. $C 5 00. A SNAP!
Bee us at once about the new MariDo*a Plot,
etreet car end train facilities, the ben ob-
tainable. Street work now done; s:re of lots
sure to «ult. JUST OPENED.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
2123 Center et.. Berkeley, Cal.
8. F. Office £19 Mifeton St.,
Phone Montgomery 525.
• Hours 9 a. m. to 12 m.
R. A. BERRY & CO..
P. O. Block. Berkeley. Calif.
$S3,CO0 — Fine buslm-s* chance, near business
center of Berkeley; 260 ft. frontage on
Fhattuck aye.: Includes 2 corners.
$2.750 — 5-room cottage, new, high basement,
flower rarden. south frcntare; etreet
work done; Virginia et.
$,"<.«no — *»-room house, near Col'fffe aye.
$3ji>— Lots in Peralta Park; $10 down. $10
per month.
$2.500 — Corner lot In Berry-Bangs tract.
S. n. KENFIELD « CO..
Real Eetate. Fir* Insurance.
2U5 SHATTUCK AYE..
Berkeley. California.
JOHN P. GARDNF.K, '
3222 Adeline st. South Berkeley.
Real crtcte at a hsrraln on easy payments;
X can sell or exchange your property If It Is
la California.
BERKELEY ADVERT'ffXTS
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
BUY
IN
BERKELEY.
OF
HOMES.
Buy in Btrkcley; buy for investment; buy for
a home. Any purchaser of Berkeley property-
is safe Seven hundred and eight houses were
built during the past twelve months. The
population, of the town Increased 40C0 during
the same period. Property values have ad-
vanced at least 20 per cent a year for th«
past five years. You can't do better than to
buy in Berkeley.
Here, however, are a few buys that are
better than the average:
NORTHLANDS LOT. 40x200: south front;
good elevation: flne view; $550; $100 down, bal-
ance $15 monthly.
MAGNIFICENT WHEELER TRACT corner;
fronts wert and south: splendid marine view;
ClxIOO; price with street work complete, $2100.
The only vacant lot on the east side of
Euclid aye.. within 3 blocks of university
grounce; 50 ftct wide; a snap at $2365.
Lot 44:1x125; on Fulton St.; only $1000.
Large hillside lot, 62x215; double frontage;
unsurpassed marine view; Hopkins Terrace
Tract; $2000.
A flne corner lot on College aye., north of
Dwight way; 5G@135; $4000.
Extra flne high lot on Regent St., near
Dwight w.v ICOxiCO; price J4SCO.
Seven-room home; large veranda; lot 45x127
fpft; only 2 blocks east of Dwight-way ctatlon;
price $4400.
ANOTHER— Two flats near Fulton and Du-
rant aye.; C and 7 rooms; l<u 37:6x125; rents
for $TSO per year; price $7COO.
AN INVESTMENT— New 16-room colonial .
house on car line; best location; lot 50x160;
least d two years at $900 per year; price $SSCO.
AN ELIZABETHAN home of 10 rooms in the
heart of Berkeley; on a corner lot. 75x130:
beautiful lawns, trees, shrubbery and vines;
livirg room, 24x24. with large op«n fireplace
and natural redwood paneling; for sale at a
BARGAIN or will EXCHANGE for- San Fran-
cisco property.
EL GRANADA apartments are now ready;
separate hallway?., baths and kitchens: every
room light and airy; gas grates, stovee and
water heaters; situated at junction of two c*r
lints and one block from the university; make
application now and secure a choke 2. 3 or 4
loom apartment; prices range from $13 to $;0
per month.
MASON^-McDUFFIE COMPANY.
Shattuck and Center, 421 California,
Berkeley. San Francisco.
ELROD & HULL.
$32<.io — No. SC; 6-room two-story house; halt
block from the local station; lot 40x100.
$2250 — No. 41; 5-room cottage; lot 50x100; 2
blocks from station; easy terms.
S2SO0 — No. 4ti; fine buy. cottage on Prince St.,
near local station; 5 rooms; lot 33 1-3x105.
$ISOO— 4-room cottage; lot BCxlO3. on the north
side of the street: street work has ' Just
been completed: lots one block from Ashby
station only $25 a front foot.
IN FRUITVALE.
IS acres of choice garden land, on street car
line; to LEASE for a term of 1 to 5 years.
$5000 — 10 acres of choice fruit land, a 4-room
cottage, two-story tankhouse. windmill
and only half mile from school.
$C 250 — No. S; the best bargain on our list; 10
acres of excellent fruit land all set out
in choice fruit bearing trees; a 6-room
cottage: medern throuchout: high base-
ment, barn, 2 brooder houses, windmill
and tank: all fenced; also- has 200 pullets.
We have all kinds of property on our list,
either lor sale or rent; also to lease; we
respectfully solicit your patronaee.
ELROD & HULL,
Ashby Station, Berkeley, or 1310 Frultvale aye.,
Frultvale.
WARREN. CHENEY & CO..
2Ci>2 Center st.. Berkeley.
To buy or sell real estate call on us.
We are agents for the Home Building Asso-
ciation, who are building the latest and most
up-to-date homes and stlilrg th m on ca y- pay-
ments; if you art contemplating the buying
of a home it will pay you to look at our work:
nothing but the best.
$2000 — Cottage of 5 rooms; corner of Ray-
mond and Fairvtew; cheap.
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms in West Berkeley;
terms.
MANUFACTURER.
HOW IS THIS?
20.000 feet of land on railroad and water front
at $10 per foot; nothing down, balance
at 8 per cent.
20 lots adjoining Country Club grounds; nice,
sightly lots; on hill; one block from Col-
lege aye. electric line; under foreclosure
and must be sold.
4 lots in same condition and locality for half
of what they are worth.
New 8-room house on corner lot In gocd local-
ity; will give bargain this week, as owner
wants a little ready money.
WARREN, CHENEY & CO.
M. P. W. ALBEE,
REAL ESTATE— SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$250 — Lot 25x125; Scenic Park Tract.
$550 — Lot 50x125; near Berkeley station.
$1050— Lot 40x1c2; one block east of Tele-
graph aye.
SlO75 — Loi 50x130; Falrview Tract.
$12.*>0 — Lot 45x125; University aye.
J2CM) — Lot 50x1 A»; iJeny-Bangs Tract.
$2(o<> — Lot 50x125; Scenic Park Tract.
! *&»0 — Lot 50x120; Cedar st.
$2400 — 3-rcom cottage; Asnby station; easy
terms.
$300o — ti-room house; Lor in.
$3175— Business property; 40 feet frontage;
income property on Adeline st.
$0000 — liuslntss property; Income B per cent
net; Ashby station.
$10,000 — 50 feet frontage in the business center
.of Berkeley. . • - -
Complete list of business and residence prop-
erty in all pans of Berkeley; also lots In. resi-
dence tracts at lowest prices. Furnished and
unfurnished houses for rent.
i 139 Center St.. Berkeley, Cal.
TUPPER & KAY.
LEADING REAL ESTATE DEALERS IN
LORIN STATION South Berkeley.
New 5-room bungalow; bath; patent toilet;
stationary tubs; convenient to Key Route
et&Uon. Price $1500.
5-room cottage, with nice garden containing
fruit trees and flowers; street work all done.
Frioe $1600; terms, $300 cash, balance small
monthly payments.
5-room cottage (new), with all modern Im-
provements; convenient \u25a0to Key Route. Price
$1650; terms, $250 cash, balance $20 per month.
7-room house, almost new, and modern In
all resDects: lot 50x1.'i5: street work all done;
close to Key Route. Price $2C0O; terms can be
obtained.
We sre agents for Santa Fe Tract No. 15
(Polrier Tract). Do not fail to look over this
tract. Prices are sure to advance shortly.
PHONE DERBY 809 .
MILLS. THE REAL ESTATE MAN.
New Phone Berkeley 1345.
$3100 — New 2-etory, 7-roorn liouse; on corner;
street work, sidewalks completed; trees
wt out; central location; best for the
money in Berkeley; shits Is a quick sale
price.
$5000 — Income property; near station; ' rented
$60 per month.
$25 per front foot; nicely located lot In North
Berkeley; a decided enap.
$850— Beautiful lot In McGee Tract, near high
school.
Business property on Shattuck aye., between
Dwight way and Center st.
17 acres good tillable land near Palo Alto
for sale or exchange for Oakland or Berke-
ley property.
PHILO MILLS, 2141 Shattuck aye.
~~~ IS IT A BARGAIN?
Get Out Your Pencil and Figure With Me.
THE LAND — 4 lots with 2 corners; facing
3 pcod str*«t«r is 75x260x55; worth easy $4000.
THE IMPROVEMENTS*-A 2-story. 10-room.
well planned, centrally located home; worth
easy f2SOO.
I am asking $5500 for this. Better investi-
gate now.
A. HOWARD HERMANN,
The Realty Broker. Opp. Berkeley Station.
A BARGAIN IN BERKELEY. -
One block from Dwight way station; on
Parker st.. between Sbattuck aye. and Grove
st.: new and beautifully finished; 6 rooms and
baih; small cash payment, balance In Install-
ments. SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY, 70M Market St.
MORTIMER & COMPANY'S SPECIALS.
$5800 — A special North . Berkeley snap; large
10-room house; corner, lot; CUxl2o; good
barn; street- work all "done; electric car
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.;
2123 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
$2500 — NEW 5-room cottage; lot 40x100; near
Key route and car lines; street work all
dene; easy n-rmn for a few days; flne corner
en Ashby aye. : 50x112: good location; close to
n. R. station: a bargain; come and make us
an offer. LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shat-
tuck aye.. Berkeley, Cal.
NEW 2-stcry house; all latest Improvements;
7 rooms: 2 toilets; large yard; cost $3100;
lot 35x120 ft.; ctment walks and etreet work
all done; 5 minutes' walk from street cars
and local trains. Inquire owner, 3005 King
«.. near Espee-ave., South , Berkeley.
$ICsO— Exclusive "Wheeler Tract" bargain; lot
45x136: unobstructed view.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center it.. Berkeley. Cal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1905.
1' EKK 6LEY ADYERTO'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAfEST~NE\v rCOTTAGEr C0TTAGE IN BERICELEY^
New cottage, 5 rooms, porcelain bath, patent
toilet, city water, pantry, electric (Ight;
large lot; 2 blocks from street cars;, price
$1850; cash $250 and $20 monthly. (2100)
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
NEAT HOME FOR SMALL FAMILY.
New bungalow. 4 good rooms, bath, pantry,
large rustic porch, parlor paneled, brick man-
tel, electric light, cement foundation; lot
36x05; street work dene and cement walks
laid: price $2200. (2068)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. •
REMARKABLY GOOD VALUE.
New Gothic, I^-storv cottage, contains par-
lor with brick mantel, dining-room, kitchen,
pantry. 3 nice bedrooms, porcelain bath, toi-
let, electric light, fuel sa»; lot 33x135; close
In; iuices2sOO; cash $350 and $25 monthly.
(1081)
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln staUon, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
NEAR THE FOOTHILLS.
New 2-story liouse. 6 large rooms, bath, 2
, toilets; 1 block from Telegraph aye.; price
$2750; cash, $500 and $30 monthly. (1985)
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. '
DESIRABLE FAMILY RESIDENCE.
Moderp. 2-6tory house, containing parlor,
dining-room, library, kitchen, pantry. 5 bed-
rooms, bath, 2 toilets, electric light etc.;
large lot, 41:6x120; all street work and ce-
ment walks done: finely located on Harper
St.. 2 minutes from Asnby station, 1 block
from cars; lawn, chicken-house, etc.; price
$.'!300; cash $(100 and $25 monthly.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin staUon, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
SPLENDID CORNER ON SHATTUCK AYE.
Nearly 'new 2-story colonial house, 8 rooms,
bath, pantry, 2 toilets, hardwood floors; lot
45x106, NE. corner: all etreet work and ce-
ment walks done on both streets; 4 minutes
to Ashny station; l«wn back and front, flow-
ers, etc: price $4200. (200 ft)
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station. South Berkeley.
f Open Sundays.
A SNAP.
$4650 — New S-room houfe. paneled dining-room,
carved ceilings, double parlors; all modern
and up to date; large lot and fruit trees;
east of Telegraph aye. See this If you
want something nice.
$Csoo— o large beautiful rooms, new. on Tele-
graph aye.. In best part of Berkeley.
$2450 — Almost new house of 0 large rooms and
bath, all furnished; lot 40x170; 3 blocks
to cars.
$2500 — 7 large rooms, bath, basement; all mod-
ern; large barn, chicken houses, windmill
and tank; lot 50x135; street work all done;
only 3 blocks to both trains.
$1700 — 6-room cottage; $300 cash, balance $20
per month; well frame and mill: lot 45x
100.
$1600^ — 4 large rooms and basement; lot 50x100;
only $300 cash, balance $15 per month.
Why pay rent?
$2500 and $2600 — 2 new cottages. 6 rooms and
bath, h'sh .basement; lot 35x125; $500
cash, balance 1 $20 per month; nice loca-
tion.
$4So— Lot 40x132; street . work all done; only
$IL'O cash, balance $5 per fnonth; see these
before they are all gone.
Agent fcr Santa Fe Tract. Come before they
are all rone.
W. C. MORAN & CO.. South Berkeley.
H. MOSKOWITZ & CO.
SNAP— SNAP— SNAP.
NW. cor. house, 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms; 2
minutes' walk to Ashby station; lot 115x129;
price $4250.
fl-room house; modern: rents for $40; only
53150.
H. MOSKOWITZ & CO..
ASHBY STATION. BERKELEY.
BARGAIN— 7-room house, almost new; bath,
pantry, city water, gas, chicken-house; lot
50x135; street work and cement walks done;
2 block« to school, church, stores, electrio
cars. Key routo station: price $2500; terms
$300 cash, balance same as rent. Open Sun-
days.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — Nev\ r 5-room cottage; porcelain
bath, folding doors, mantel, china closet,
combination fixtures, gas and electric lights,
large lot fenced: street work and cement
walks done: 2 blocks to hich school: close
to Key route ftation; price $19">0; terms $150
cash, balance $?0 monthly. - Oven Sundays.
0..A. RUDOLPH,
• • Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
CHAPLES R. HARMON,,
Real F. -late and Insurance.
Rents Collected. Loans Negotiated.
1537 HARMON STREET,
Lcrln Station. South Berkeley.
ELEGANT honv\ well built; 9 rooms: 2 bath-
rooms, toilets; handsome mantels: large lot;
heantlful palm*, shrubbery: also lot and sta-
ble In rear. Acd. Owner. 2001 Bancroft \u2666ay.
FOR sale or < xchange — Nearly an acre of
ground. 11-rocm house. 2-story barn; near
the hills: wor h $12,000; will sell on easy
terms. $1000 cish; will exchange for email
property In Berkeley or San Francisco; will
take nicely loer.ted mounfain ranch in trade.
H. V. J. SWAIN, attorney. 463-464 Parrott
building. San I'ranclsco. •
FOR pale — Modern 6-room and basement cot-
tage, 2 blocks vest of South Berkeley Bank;
tame street. O rner. 1510 Harmon St., South
Berkeley.
BERKELEY COTTAGES %TO% TO LET.
NICELY furnlsh<-.d 5-room cottage for rent;
reasonable to the right party. Apply 2141
Essex st., A shay Station, Berkeley.
ÜBItKELEV "ROOMS TO LET.
FOR rent— 2 nlce'y furnished rooms in private
family; one blo:k from Key Ro^te station,
Lorin, South B» rkeley. i
W. C. MORAN & CO.
O. 't-n Sundays.
FRUITVALE ADV'T'SMNTS
FRUITVAIjE REAL ESTATE.
RUDELL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Southeast Corner Frultvale aye.
and .Vashir.jiton st.
Telephone Vale t9l. Frultvale. Cal.
$1350— (N0. 207). House of 3 rooms and bath;
city water; -50 bearing fruit trees>_ber-
rics and flo-vers; corner lot, 130x110;
must be sold; owner going East; terms
$800 cash, balance to suit.
$1300— (No. 205). Cottage of 3 rooms, large
hall, bath atd pantry: chicken houses
and stable; J2 fruit trees; lot 50x133;
near boulevard; terms $400 cash, balance
to suit purchaser. .
$1600 — (No. 01). House of 4 rooms, good barn
and chicken houses; plenty of water;
\u25a0—\u25a0 lot 50x300; ternis $500, balance to suit.
$1700— (No. 4K Cfttage of. 4 rooms, pantry,
chicken house j. good well, fruit trees
and flowers; :ot 100x284; ,Upper Fruit-
vale; terms $700 cash, balance- monthly.
THIS IS OUR SPECIAL BARGAIN FOR
TO-DAY. S
$2750— (N0. 209). Beautiful house of 8
rooms, bath and gas; nice lawn, fruit
trees and flowers; located on Frultvale
aye.. 10 minutis' walk" from station: lot
37:6x118: don't fail to see this place;
terms part cash.
For rent — Chicken ranch, 2^4 acres. 600 chick-
ens and about 400 plgeona; brooder- house
large enough for 2000 chickens; 3 Incu-
bators, plenty of running water; ideal
location for nJelng chickens; rent $25
per month complete. \u25a0 \u25a0
$100 lots within 4 blocks of high school; terms
$20 cash, balance $5 per month; location,
Melrose station tract.
Printed list of properties mailed on application
RUDELL REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Southeast Corner Frultvale aye.
and Washington «t.
Telephone Vale 691. Fruitvale. Cal.
P. O. Box 191.
A CHOICE LOT. A 810 LOT.
LOTS CLOSE IN.
One lot, 82x150, price $1650.
One lot, $0x175. price $lsoo.
One lot, r»0x125, price $10CO.
Two Its. 50x110. price' s6ooo each.
Two lotfl, 00x150, $650 each. ; ,
Nine lots, 30x125, price. $390 each. .;
In the choicest part of Frultvale, with every
convenience; only 4 to 8 blocks from local sta-
tion. / .
A set cf architect's plans free with every one
of these lots. \u25a0 " . ,\ .
$2600 — S-room house, all modern conven-
iences; lot 40x170; $300 down, balance on eaey
terms. :.-,
. Lots from; $125 to $250; $5 and $10 per
month, no Interest, no taxes; street graded, ce-
tr.ent walks; 2 blocks from car line.:
M. C. GIBSON. ; -A-;
Corner Washington st. and Frultvale aye,
Fruitvale. ;
BOULEVARD REALTY COMPANY. "
1227 Old County Road, Corner 25th aye,
" $3000— Nice 8-room house on Frultvale aye.;
easy, terms or will trade for other property.
$aOOO — New modern 5-room and bath ; well
built, nicely finished, new street, cement side-
walks; lot 80x101; room for another, house. \u25a0
$3200— New and well built, 7-room house;
corner lot; nice street, fine neighborhood; this
house was built -by day labor; see it; It is a
fine place; $2000 mortgage can stand. . •
FffIIITVALE ADV ? T ? SMNTS
FRUII'VALE REAL ESTATE,
HENRY BARKMEYER.
120U Fruitvale aye.. Fruitvale, Cal.
LOTS. : -; LOTS. LOTS.
$200. ' .40x132. - v ' $200.
$10 down, balance $5 per month: near main
county road and car line; city water; $5000
worth of improvements now in course of con-
struction on this block. - Don't fail to see
these before buying elsewhere.
Half-acre lots fronting on two streets for
$400; convenient to cars/grammar and high
schools. : (60)
Lot 40x100; one block from Frultvale station ; '
price $450; easy terms. (39)
Lot 50x100; 3 blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion. (53)
Corner lot, 50x125; nice shade trees; on
Redwood road; $450; easy terms. (44)
$1150— House of 2 rooms; lot 100x130; on
macadamized street; bearing fruit trees, high
elevation; $300 cash balance on easy terms.
C 138)
$1300 — Cottage of 4 rooms and'^bath; station-
ary tuba; high basement; lot 33x115; near
school and car line; $300 cash and balance on
easy terms. ' (6)
$1400 — A bargain; new cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; fine mantel and fireplace; sliding
doors; cement sidewalks; city water; half block
from car line; near schools. (35) j
$1675 — Almost new cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; high basement; pantry, closets, etc.; lot
38x125; one block from car line and In walk-
ing distance to local train; terms $350 cash,
balance like rent.' (165)
$2000— $100 cash, balance $20 per month; 2-
story house of 6 rooms and bath; flne mantel;
lot 35x100; 2 blocks from Fruitvale statlon.(s4)
$2000— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
basement; large veranda; nearly one acre of
flnr- land; all fenced; chicken houses; near new
boulevard; terms $300 cash, balance like rent.
(125)
$300 cash, balance $30 per month for a flne
2-story house of 6 large rooms, all modern,
on Frultvale ' aye. ; 5 minutes' walk to local
train; price all told $3300. ' (175)
$3000 — A bargain on Frultvale aye.: 2-story
house of S rooms and bath; . mantels; sliding
doors, gas flne lawn, cement walks, fruit trees
and flowers; 10 minutes' walk to local train;
terms $500 cash, balance on easy Installments.
For particulars apply to . (86)
HENRY BARKMEYER.
1206 Fruitvale aye.. Frultvale, Cal. .
Telephone Brook 1721.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvaie Station, Cal.
Homes built to suit on very easy terms In
Christine Pleltner tract: lots 50x185 in bear-
ing fruit trees, one block from schoolhouee and
2 hlocka from Fruitvale-ave. car line: price
per lot $400 and upward, for cash or easy pay-
s9s0 — New' cottage of 3 rooms and bath; lot
60x110. one block from car line and near
school; easy terms.
$1000— Neat cottage of 4 rooms, porch, pantry,
etc.; barn, fruit trees, berries; lot 50x108;
convenient to cars: small sum down, bal-
ance $11 per month.
$1300— New 4-room cottage, hall. bath, well
of water and city water; lot 50x150: one
block frcm car line; very easy terms.
$1500 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms, well of water,
good sewerajre, etc.: lot 37:6x105; 4
blocks from local trains.
$1275 — Brand-new cottage of 3 qp° ms > nall and
bath, pantry, barn, chicken-house; lot 50x
132:6; flne and handy location: can be
bought on terms.
$2000— New and modern cottage of 4 rooms,
hall bath, basement and one acre of good
soil; 2 blocks from scenic .boulevard; $300
cash down, balance on mortgage.
$3250 — One and n quarter acres and 7-room
house, convenient to cars; a big bargain.
$2SOO — New cottage of 4 rooms, porcelain bath,
cement basement, porch, cozy summer
houses, chicken, pigeon and rabbit houses,
. shade trees, fruit trees and berry vines of
all kinds; these premises consist of one
acre and are most attractive: only one
block from Fruit vale avenue.
$3SOO— One acre In orchard and modern 6-room
cottage; basement cemented, with 3 ad-
ditional rooms; fruit trees, barn, etc; a
I grand place.
$125 per lot; $25 cash down, balance $5 per
month; 1(50 lots, vicinity of Hleh. it.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
CHARLES ARMSTRONG,
Fruit trale.
$650 — House of 2 rooms, barn; lot 50x85; on
macadamized street; cement sidewalk;
half a block from local.
$1050 — House of 6 rooms and 'bath; windmill
and tank; lot 60x150; trees and berries.
$1050— House of 4 rooms; lot, 50x108; bearing
fruit trees; barn and chicken-house; $250
cash, balance' sll per month."
$1500— House of 4 rooms and bath; lot 45x
110; fruit trees, barn and chicken- house;
best buy In Frultvale; don't fall to look
this up.
$2300 — House of 5 rooms and' bath; .large re-
ception hall; lot 45x100; a beautiful home.
$2300 — House of 6 rooms and bath: corner lot,
76:6x110; cemented basement; barn and
chicken-houses; beautiful flower garden
' and trees; a good buy.
$2700 — Here Is a beautiful home for some*one;
house of 6 rooms and bath; large recep-
tion hall; cement walk; barn and chicken-
house; lot 60x224; facing on 90- foot mac-
adamized street, back part facing on 70-
foot street; street-car line running on
back street; see this before buying else-
where.
Cheap lots in good location; easy terms.
CHARLES ARMSTRONG,
East Fourteenth St., nejir High.'
Fruitvale.
JOHN AUSEON.
1151 23d aye. ' Phone Brook 2351.
Open Sunday.
° \u25a0 Get off at 23d-ave. station.
$2650— Modern house, 8 rooms; lot 40x106;
five minutes' walk from Fruitvale station;
$400 down. $25 per month.
Fl5O0 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; lot IOOx
118; $250 cash, balance $18 per month.
$Coo— Cottage, 6 rooms; lot 25x150; easy terms.
£10C0 — 2 houses, 4 - rooms each, now renting
for $16 r>er month: 3 blocks- from 1 23d-ave.
station; $250 cash, balance $15 per month.
$1200— House of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
$200 down, $10 per month. _
$500— House of 2 rooms; lot 37:6xx100; one
block from car line: 1 block- from good
school; half cash, balance to suit.
$55O_House of 4 rooms^ close to Fruitvale sta-
tion; $50 down, balance $10 per month.
$500— Cottage of 4 rooms, 3 blocks from 23d-
ave. station; terms $150 cash, balance $12 60
per month. „,„ m
$200— Lots In Mess tract; 40x135; $10 down,
$5 per month: 200 to be sold.
Look at this— Fine bulldlnc lots near car line;
$60 cash.. • - -
5 acres of good land on Oakland aye.; $750
per acre: will subdivide to suit.
JOHN AUSEON, 1151 23d aye.
Get off 23d-ave station. Open Sunday.
CLEVENGER,
1113 23d aye. Phbne Vale 2591.
Get off at 23d aye. Station.
11750 — New modern cottage with 4 rooms, bath
and nice yard; Vi block from streetcar;
sidewalk, street work and sewer work all
done. \u25a0 ~
$1300— Comfortable 6-room house in. Fruitvale,
with very fine lot 45x140; great bargain.
$050— Very flne building lot, 50x120; high and
sightly.
$1500 — Good hard- finished cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; large lot, with chicken yards.
$2800 — Fine home; handy .to \u25a0 cars and local
trains. 8 rooms and bath; worth $3500.
CLEVBNGER. HIS 23d aye.
GET OFF AT 23d- AVE. STATION^
CHICKEN ranch for, sale: 1% acres of land:
good houso of , 7 rooms, stable, horse and
.wagon. Incubators,' 1 brooders, all tools, full
stock of chickens and ducks, all No. 1 sale
in consequence of death, must be sold at
once; price $3500. '.
A snap for $4000; pays 6 per cent net; flne
business corner, with two 4-room cottages
that pay $26 per month: 'always rented. Ap-
ply at once to JEFTRESS & THOMAS,
1201 23d aye., new bank building. East Oak-
land. . : \u25a0 .-\u25a0 :. ' ,\u25a0-.-- \u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0 .-\u25a0\u25a0.;
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 5-cent fare, Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled; stone, sidewalks:
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road; graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third aye.. Oakland.
$100 CARH and balance to suit will buy flne
lot 00x170, in bearing fruit trees. In choice
part of Frultvale, Just .off Frultvale aye.
and uurrounded by elegant homes; owner
sick and must surrender nls contract; price
$750; jrrcb It quick. BELDEN, 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland.- : \u25a0
A SNAP— SIOOO; in Frultvale: lot 60x120; en-
trance on two streets; high elevation;- beau-
: tlful marine and woodland view; one minute
from 2 car lines, j Inquire" of owner, G. C.
SENBKRG. Davis st. \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 / ''"\u25a0'\u25a0"-. "
FOR A QUICK SALE. - '\u25a0- • --.\u25a0' . / ~
. A modern 7-room ; house : large lot ; 4 blocks
from Frultvale station;- this is the>cheapest
proposition In 1 Frultvale: .slBoo.' ".'-'
A. G. SNETSINGER.,I2I4 Frultvale aye.-- ,
$1300—1 ACRE in fruit: well; windmill;' 6
blocks to cars. Owner, : J. . LEITHMAN,
Lincoln ' aye.. Upper - Fruitvale. ; ;; •
| A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly. Call,
, 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S ? M ? TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) . REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP LOTS.
$75 upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
''its , cooi "«*
•• fi : 3 TV
,! >> I- - '* I
: / < i -LJ ULJIJ LJ
; -v^y BouteTard 14 Mites Long^
R IIP ill? I
ll"ll l "l I* I ? 111 a
* ; ...... .S»n Lcandro,. .lToad . . . .
HOW TO MAKE BIG MONEY WITH A
LITTLE.
$50 lots, $5 cash, $5 monthly. Are they
cheap? Come and see them. Are they level?
Yes. Is the soil sandy loam? Yes. Are they
covered with fruit trees? Yes. Can I buy
more than one lot? You can. 200 lots. They
are near cars, school, boulevard and adjoin-
ing East Oakland, where fogs and cold winds
seldom come. We have bought 11 tracts and
located 5000 families In homes In East Oak-
land and Frultvale in 10 years — Gallndo tract,
Westall tract. Forest Park tract. Laurel Grove
park, Peralta-ave. tract, Bona terrace, Rosa
Lee. Rosa Lee Nos. .1.2 and 3, and Susie Lee
tract. We are now selling our 83-acre Frult-
vale boulevard tract; lots $75 upward; $5 down.
$5 monthly; an Ideal spot. Call or send for
circular. 1222 Fruitvale aye., near station
S. P.; 20-minute service to S. F.. or 455 7th
St.. opp. Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. QEO. H. LEE, owner.
STERNBERG & LINDBERG.
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
$1,000 — Berkeley; neat cottage, 5 rooms, eto.;
lot 40x120; terms easy.
145
$I.3so— Close to Telegraph aye., Idora Park
and Key Route; cottage, 4 rooms; lot
40x95; barn, etc.; rented.
163
$1,800 — Neat cottage home; 5 rooms, etc.; close
to Telegraph aye. and 55th St.. Key
' Route; 2 lots. 50x100; also 25x100; fruit
trees, flne water, etc.
190
$2,000 — 5-room cottage; close to 7th and Madi-
son sts.; snap as home or Investment.
' * jn*>
$2.350 — Cottage home, fruit, flowers, palms,
/ etc.; 80x133; close to Key Route.
$10,000 — Flats, close in. pays 12 per cent on
Investment; see us about these.
$550 — Fine lot near Key Route and S. P.
trains; 40xS3; street work done; must
be sold at once; owner leaving city;
make offer.
— -197
A swell Berkeley bulldlnr lot, just close to
S. P. and Key Route trains; on the north
side of street; worth $1500; will sell for
$1000; terms If desired; ask about this;
r , It will pay you.
We have a list of 3000 places. See us before
buying.
STERNBERG A LINDBERG,
\u25a0 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
HAVE
YOU
SEEN
HIGHLAND . SUBDIVISION '
-lof—
ADAMS POINT?
If not, and you are looking for a home
site, sec It. ;
ITS AN IDEAL PLACE FOR A HOME.
PRICES ARE LOW.
TERMS ARE EASY.
PRICES INCLUDE ALL STREET WORK.
Lots are selling fast.
It Is building up fast.
Let us send you a catalogue
and price list. —
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 BROADWAY.
Representative at tract office Sunday after-
noons.
$3750 TAKES a choice, well-built, desirable
story and half house, situate on the west
eide of Union street, near 16th;- containing
-six wen-arranged rooms, large hall, par-
Icr, dining-room and kitchen downstairs;
three bedrooms, bath and toilet upatalrs;
open plumbing, "porcelain bath and every
modern convenience; property In perfect
order: would rent for $30 per month; lot
34x116. —522—
53250 — Piedmont-avenue residence, situate on
west side of etreet, on a 35-foot lot; con-
tains 8 rooms, open plumbing and modern
conveniences. — 66 —
$3000 — On Grove street. . We are authorized to
sell a one-story 4-room cottage on rear
of lot and 2-story 7-room house on front
of lot, 35x100: rents $23 per month.— 662 —
(2000— 5-room cottage on 3d street, near Grove;
rents $15 per month; lot 29x70. — 661—
14000— Almost 1 acre of ground In Piedmont,
situate on Magnolia aye.; choice and pic-
turesque; a buy for Investment or build-
ing site if there ever was one. — 124 —
SlOO0 — Lot 100x150 on Winter street. near
Perry; near car line and choice. — 139—
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY,
"" — -1016 Broadway. Oakland. Cal..
Or Rms. 209-210 Union Trust Bid*.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WE have for sale a .beautiful house on a lot
40x100; a large porch leads to an elegant
reception hall; this room and 'the hall proper
are finished In polished pine "Tuscan" style;
the parlor is large; celling and border beau-
tifully decorated In colors with the "four
seasons," sprays and flowers; this room and
the alcove next to it are polished pine in the
"lonic"- style; next is the dining-room with
paneled sides and beam celling; all In pol-
ished redwood; there are 2 china closets; a
handsome clinker fireplace; a beautiful chan-
delier and 39 lights In the celling: the kitch-
en, pantry and laundry are very complete,
with drawers, closets and other conveniences;
the 4 bedrooms above open Into a large hall;
there are linen drawers and lockers; bedrooms
all have closets; 2 of them are lined with
cedar; In the bathroom Is an $S5 tub and
shower bath; the ceilings throughout are
coned and the floors of polished pine; this
. beautiful home Is near Broadway and 2Sth
et., and cannot be built for $7000, which is
the price of the place; the lot is worth $1400.
CHAPIN & BOOTH. 1263 Broadway.
R. M. ANTHONY, 422 TENTH ST.
$2250 — Nearly new two-story house: 8 rooms;
close to electric .cars and near local ; lot
40x100; street . work complete; elevated
site; south front; a real bargain; East
. Oakland. < .
$2150 — Modern 2-story house; 7 rooms; lot 40x
100: flne view; half block to electric care:
local ; station convenient; street work
. done; will cost $2500 to build -home to-
day: very cheap;- Fruitvale. •
$1200— In Berkeley; NW. corner lot, 80x135;
street work done; near .University aye.;
fine building site; cheap.,
$5500 — Manufacturing site near Southern Pa-
cific's freight depot: corner lot, 186x100.
R. M. ANTHONY.
422 Tenth st.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 BR6ADWAY, OAKLAND.
If you want something really good read every
line of this.
I have a corner on Telegraph aye.,' south
of Twentieth St.. 62 feet on Telegraph aye. by
100 feet deep." worth, without any. Improve-
ments, $300 per foot. I will sell this for $16.-
000. There Is :a flne house on the property,
which renta for $50 per month, but will not
add anything to the price for this — Just let the
whole go for the above price. I will guaran-
tee to sell this for $18,000 Inside of one year.
. - INVESTMENT. • '
. 62*4x100, with 12-room v house,- on north side
of Twelfth street In a location where the value
is i.ura to be much greater very soon; price
$8000..
.T. TYRREL. 1010 BROADWAY
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
I MUST sell this house; have been Kick and
need the money; corner; best surroundings;
7. rooms, nearly new; close to earn and both
. S. P.: and Key Route cars; $3500; make an
offer. 1441 Fifth avt., corner, E. 19th st.:
"take 4th-ave. car at San Pablo aye. - -;\:'
CHICKEN ranch for rent; stock for sale. - Box
0154; Call office. Oakland: \u25a0\u25a0;:\u25a0-': \u25a0 .:. T
$1500— A' NEW cottage; high basement; halt
cash. Owner. 1953 Union st., Oakland.
" OAKLAND ADVEirrS'M'TS
.OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
* --...— \u0084J . .--. -\u25a0 i ii' - -- — •\u25a0 i ' \u25a0 \u25a0**-";
REALTY BONDS & FINANCE CO., Inc.,
1172 BROADWAY. COR- 14TH ST..
j '
EVERY PIECE A BARGAIN.
52750. ::- f i
Beautiful Frultvale building site, on Hopkins
St.. opposite the Altenheim: 1.71 cares; elegant
view; electrio cars pass the rear of the prop-
erty; over 300 feet deep; street
work has just been completed.
Finest site in Oakland for flne apartment-
house or flne flats; northeast corner; east of
Broadway: best of locations; north of 12th St.;
120x100; flne large 2-story house now on the
lot that could be sold or moved on to 40 feet;
land alone worth $13,000.
J2500.
East Oakland home, on north side of street,
near 10th aye.; lot 4ftxlO4r good 2-story house
of 7 rooms and bath, in flrst-clasa condition:
rented for 522 50 per month. y
-
North side. of 7th *st., between Adeline and
Center stations; flne large lot. 94x140. with 2
houses of 7 rooms each: the Western Pacific
-will double the value ol this land and make it
one of the finest pieces for flats In this section.
$27,500.
On a cross street, between Broadway and
Washington: 75x100. with good brick building
with basement; the foundation will carry four
more stories; under present lease pays better
than 4 per cent net and rents can be raised
50 per cent when leases expire.
SAN PABLO- AVE. LOT.
Best buy on the avenue; close In; price $1000
per foot; adjoins flne Improvements; full par-
tlclars at office.
$6500.
Opposite Broadway Key Route site; a very
fln* corner: 40x100; only corner that can be
had here: this property will double In value
within a year; flne for stores and flats.
$13,750.
Best piece of business property in Oakland;
flne large corner lot, with handsome building:
pays better than 5 per cent "net under present
leases; flne Improvement to be built opposite.
REALTY BONDS & FINANCE CO.. Inc.
1172 BROADWAY.
CORNER FOURTEENTH ST., OAKLAND.
HOLCOMB. BREED at BANCROFT.
1060 Broadway.
$3000— Elegant home site on Vernon Heights:
lot 100x200 feet; this elegant lot, situated
on the southern slope of the hills, com-
mands a beautiful vlew^of Lake Merritt
and the hills back of Piedmont and Frult-
vale; elegant homes surrounding; present
Improvements consist of a small 4-rocm
cottage; easy terms.
—163—
$1600 — Fine corner on Grove st.. In best honM
neighborhood, 45x153 feet; car lines and
city transportation convenient; new home
district; snap.
—576—
56000— Elegant home of 8 rooms; on Thirteenth
st.: thia handsome residence, located In
the heart of the city, is put on the mark-t
at a sacrifice figure to effect a quick sals;
Is In perfect condition; Inside finish of
hardwood; large double parlors; every
convenience; Investigate thoroughly an-1
make offer.— . \u25a0 ,-
—1960—
For sale^ — 1427 San Antonto aye.: 8-room. mod-
ern house, hardwood flocrr. large attlr\
full cement basement; furnace, gas, log
and open grates, laundry and all convea-
lences; best location In Alameda, near
Morton-st. depot.
$4000 — Beautiful colonial house of S rooms, on
one of the best streets In Oakland, near
Telegraph aye.; owner has other Interests
" and must sell; see this at once.
—1722—
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT,
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
STEWART & BROWN.
878 BROADWAY.
PIEDMONT HEIGHTS.
• PIEDMONT HEIGHTS.
20 nicely located lots In Piedmont Heights.
Prices ranging from $15 to $35 per front foot.
Call and let us take you out to see them.
$2200^-Cottage. o rooms and bath; this Is a
beauty; $SCO down, balance In monthly
payments; easy way to get a home.
$3250— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath. 7-foot base-
ment: lot 35x115; new and modern; near
Key Route, eaat of Telegraph are.
A BARGAIN.
$3150— A bungalow. 6 rooms and bath; lot 35x
125; In Vernon Heights.
$Tso— Lot 40x100, near Key Route.
$725 — Lot 40x100 near Key Route.
$500 — Cheap lot. 50x100.
We have a large list of properties. Call
and let us show you what we have before
buying.
$3500—7 rooms and bath; new and modern.
$3750—3 rooms and bath; new and modern.
54000 — 8 rooms and bath; new and modern.
$4750—9 rooms and bath; new and modern: all
In vicinity of Fortieth street and Tele-
graph aye.. near Key Route station.
MOSS TRACT — MOSS TRACT.
Now la the time to buy a lot In the Moss
Tract before prices advance. Inside lota.
' $225 r corners, $250; $25 down, $10 per
month; 10 per cent off per cash; Just a few
STEWART & BROWN.'
878 Broadway.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
DOWNTOWN.
$4000— • '
House built on honor and over half an acre
of land: 15 minutes' walk from City Hall: close
to good school: lot 75x100; lot In rear. 90x100;
house of S rooms: can mortgage to bank for
$3000: will sell for $4000; easy terms; this Is a
snap for a good cheap home.
Here Is a beauty — \u25a0'\u25a0:;
House ot 12 rooms on a high lot. 3 ft. above
the grade of the street; 50x129; the house Is
modern and up-to-date; cost $S500; will sell
for $7500. and maytw If you come saon can
be had for a little less; this is near Telegraph
aye. and 5 minutes from City Hall.
Close to Broadway; not far out —
Here Is something great; lot 72x275; this
has an old house and new windmill with a
flne well of water; will sell the lot and -throw
In the Improvements; this Is worth $4500, but
we will sell fcr Just what the lot ccst without
the improvements ($3000) ; I will give any kfnd
of terms; near a good public school.
Lot 30 or 60 feet front by 145 feet deep.
one block from 38th and Grove streets; $25 per
front foot: street work all done; will sell any
size or build for you If you like on Install-
ments.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
«' * r ICC2 Broadway. Oakland.
$1500 — A beautiful home on the boulevard,
overlooking Lake Merritt; two-story eight-room
house: lot 82x152; owner roust sell; terms If
desired.
W. S. HARIX)W &- CO.. real estate. Insur-
ance, notary public, f>so Broadway.
$200 CASH. $10 monthly: neat cottage of 4
rooms and basement, lar^e pantry, lobby, back
and front perches, concrete foundation- new
brick well, or c'ty water ir desired, with'-xtra
large lot. Vt acre, all fpneed and level land-
no expense for street work: 12 new houses*
. tailUUn* en this tract nc— -\u25a0: good location and
' convenient >to both electric cars and «t»am
lo<*nl trains for S. F.; punllc and hish schools
near; pric» In all $1450; adjoining Ea?t,Oalc- '
land. See HENRY Z. JONES, owntfr re-
moved ti>'4sS Ninth Street, between Broad-
way and Washington St.. Oakland.
INVESTMENT — We . are > Instructed to sell 3
splendid houses, 10 rooms each; situated on
good corner: 5 minutes' walk west of City
Hall: pays 9 per cent. EAGLE COLLEC-
TION AGENCY. 206 Bacon bids., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADTERT'S'M'TS
OAKU.VP REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
46C-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
SAN PABLO AYE. CORNER.
$<35.0C0— Magnificent .future; will advance X)
txr cent In next 3 years: fine 2-stcty
brick building; iro ft. corner: pays ov«-
bank interest net; Ian«l nearly worth
price askeil.
CENTRAL BUSINESS BLOCK.
$.11, CCO — Fine modern :t-story building: 50 ft.
frontage: pays over 5» per cent net; elec-
tric motor water plant: on Oakland's
best business street.
FINE CENTRAIi FLATS.
jf> nco Four nearly n»w ilats: 6 rooms each;
income $H~S() per annum: 5 minutes'-
walk to business center; assured munici-
pal improvements will enhance this
property.
BETTER THAN MONET.
53 i 3f ( )_Semi-businers corner. 215x179: 4 mod-
ern cottages, •> room' each: corner 10©
feet vacant- street work complete; pays
nearly 10 per cent: property going
hiZhcjp every day.
Ibftter buy now.
$$.5141— Oak!-?R<l'» business center i» rapidly
exrandinz: business lot 50 feet front-
age; plain iirprovensentsi; will pay 7
per cent: within COO feet of Oakland's
bankin. center.
CORNER INVESTMENT.
$5,600— Nearly new business corner: 3 *P*ft-
rnents, 4. rooms each: store and fix-
tures; 50 feet frontage: good barn: pave
15 per cent: store pays- $125 month
profit: will sell stock for**loW.
CLOSE-LN FLATS.
$4,2so— Pair modem flats. 6 and 4 rooms;
well rented; 5OxloO: space for further
Improvements; 5 minutes' walk to City
Hall. "-* \u25a0\u25a0:•'
COTTAGE BARGAK*.
$2,9C0— Fine modern cottage: 8 rooms, bath;
basement, attic: 2 mantels; gas; 48x113;
street work complete; nice neighborhood;
near Telegraph aye. Key Route station.
• , - ______
COTTAGE HOMES. —
$2.3oo— Nice modern cottage; 6 rooms, bath,
laundry, basement: gas; near locals and
easy walk to business center.
$2,ooo— Nice- modern cottage: 4 rooms, bath;
mantel; gas; laundry: basement; near
Piedmont Key Route terminal.
I SEE OTHER PAPERS. |
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St. Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS & CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents,
1238 Broadway. Oakland. Phone Oakland 980.
LINDA VISTA RESIDENCE.
$2.250 — Six large rooms: attractive In ap-
pearance; leaded glass windows; one
block from car line; easy walking
distance from postofflce; new carpets
on lower floor, hall and stairs; newly
renovated throughout; present owner
paid $2750 less than six months ago;
Is In the Eaat and wired us to sell;
will easily rent for $25 per month.
VERY HANDSOME.
$3.500 — Brand new; six rooms; side entrance;
Ia»s8 porch; double bay windows; ele-
gaht view; high terraced lot; only ill
minutes' walk to 12th and Broadway;
there has been no expense spared to
maka this beautiful in Ivery respect
and must be seen to. be appreciated.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
$15,000— Lot IOOxICO feet on one of th© prin-
cipal business streets: Improved wl:-V^
four fla.ts and five residences; preser.^^
Income $140 per month; this is very
centrally located and the ground with-
out the improvements Is worth th©
asking price; the improvements could
not be duplicated fcr less than $12.00u;
Investigate this at once.
IMPERIAL HEIGHTS.
Don't forget to look at this beautiful tract
before buying. It is the ideal scenic resi-
dence location o£ Oakland: take 4th aye. Key
Rout* line and get off at 9th St.. or follow th»
boulevard around the east side of the la*e
until you come to the Dig sign "Imperial
Heights."
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1230 Broadway, Oakland.
KARL H. NICKEL.
Suite 62, Bacon Building. Oakland.
We are now putting on the market
Lots fcr summer » homes In the Mt. Shasta
District.
At an elevation of 3150 feet above sea level.
With a CLIMATE, second to nooe;
Abundance of ice-cold spring water:
Lots covered by young growth of pine, maple.
manzanita and other trees and shrubs.
Wild flowers in profusion cover the ground.
Grand old Mt. Shasta In view of every lot.
Castle Crags to the south, and Trinity Peaks
to the west. - :
Thia flne tract of land is situated about a
mile north of the famous SHASTA SPRINGS.
The reads throughout the property are to be
oiled, and water pipes will be - laid to all
lots, and a sewerage system Installed.
We offer the first 70 lots at one-hair price.
viz.: $100. — '
If you want a place where you can have an
absolute chanse of climate;
If you enjoy the grandeur of Mountain Scenery:
If you enjoy hunting: and fishing;
If you are in search of health and rest:
EAGLE CLIFF, Subdivision No. 1, Is your op-
portunity. .___*
for particulars and further lnfarniaUc. : ".TPy
call on - *
KARL H. NICKEL,
Room 62. Bacon Building. Oakland.
~T NEWJTO^AY.
. ALL BIG VALUE OFFERLNG3!
$700— 50- foot building site; all street work
done; surrounded by pretty homes; dose
to Key route and S. P. line.
>3WM> — Beauty; tf-room modern colonial home;
finely surrounded; near local train; steady
tenant, paying; $3CO per armnm
M5O0 — Substantial modern 2-story home en
. spacious lotr near Telegraph aye. and Key
route; profuslqn of choice shrubbery, de-
licious berries, vines, etc.; a rax» buy.
>2350 — Queen Anne 5-roorn cottage, between
'. Grove st. and Telegraph are., cloa* to
Key route.
5245O — New 5-room cottage; $100 down. $23 p«r
month; sunny; near ferry train.
NON-RESIDENT BARGAIN.
Reduced from $12,500 to $9750; eles&at Crown
Hill home; spacious; every convenience; finest
surroundings: small payment, balance to suit,
or good clear property as first payment.
Am erecting on the beautiful Roosevelt Ter-
race a swell 2-story and attic Swiss colonial,
by days" labor; see It; owner at 667 Thirty-
seventh st.; terms: will make any chaag*:
lot 40x150.
Fine buys In homes or lots, or will build
anywhere to suit on easy terms.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB. '
314 San Pablo aye.. Oakland. Cal.
A CHOICE LOT
AND
BEAUTLFCI. RESIDENCE
.OX WEBSTER ST.. '-JtjL ,
NEAR FOURTEENTH.
100x150 feet and 14- room modern hous^, coat-
Ing- $12,500 to build a few years ago; hay«
teen instructed to sell this choice property with
the least possible delay at a price, less than
the original cost of th« house alone; the lot
is an elegnnt Investment and worth $10ft per
foot at the present time; cash sale only; buyer
could assume large loan on property.
CHOICE LO«* 30x125 FEET.
Near Webster and Twenty-third sts.
Only $;:S per foot; worth $10.
ALBFRT S. DAY.
REAL ESTATE AND LOANS.
FIRE INSURANCE.
1232 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
BEI.DEN'S BARGAINS.
Mr. O. B. Casey ot Sacramento was the lucky
man securing the Jones-st. cottage bargaia
last wwk. but here's other chances for you.
THIS WEEK'S SPECIALS.
$f.CCQ — Elegant, modern, tt an.j 7 room flat*,
spltnrlldly located on lot 03x1i."3; cost over $6C\)
to build; rents $720 per annum, yi. idlng hanJ-
somi) net Income; reduces rrom $7250 and ap-
praised by bank at $7000; a gilt edgo invest-
ment.
$1350 — Comfortable 5-room cottage on *\u25a0*-
foot lot. with stable: on Brush st.. near ThlrU:
will rent for $13; water front developments are
coming uf Western Pacl-c Kailroad on Thirl
st.. making: this a splendid investment, as it
will soon tweorr.*- a good business property.
HELDEN. RKAL ESTATE.
; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
——-——————-—-——-——————_-————————_—_—_——•
A LITTLE PLACE FOR A GIFT.
> — — __
$5250 — Nearly new large 7-room housu\ fin-
ished In natural wood; large rooms, gaa an<t
i electricity: 2 flne mantils. This Is positively
J a great chance to procure one of the finest
j built houses on Grove st.. close In: a bargain
| for a limited time, as owner is pack?d up ta
go Kast. Can arrange terms: perfect title;
i lo» 50x100 and barn for 4. horses. Investigate
this. * J
GEO. W. AUSTIN. . *-•
ICO2 Broadway. Oakland.
$2fltiu— 6- ROOM house and bath; walktn* <ll.<-
tance from heart of town: a soap. BID-
, DALL & CO.. 572 Fifteenth St.. OaJxlasd.OAKLAND ADVERT^-TtS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
V '
ICRF.I^S & HURSWILL'S
i-^fr'i "AJ.I.MENT SNAPS.
* — uo b;i;.j» a branil-new 5-room bungalow;
llj-ruughiy tfp to date in <?v«-ry way; open
, '*" !\u25a0*»»»»»«*; gas cr.u electricity; situate
J«tw<:e:i i,tA t tt. and T«rle_nu>h aye. and «
Dioviw fi-osi the- Telegraph-avenue Key route
••-men Tnife pnfccrtj can be bought xor $iw
£_ ' wAnca «-!i monthly i-avnitnts ta put
- /
$2000-— This is a _-«ory C-room house; high
»** em*,it. ml ce::ifcut: situated on a corner; Die
to. U -ojlloo a.; although the Louse is not
orai«J .j.ew, it v j n absolutely jr*:rlert condi-
iion a.r.4 i_ mrdem »nd vi» v date in all re-
"r!"* 0 '- 1 - Tiiis !_ located within one clock of
*ei< graph _v-. ar.d a ur liii^ ;,afst-6 the door.
it can be b.>u«ht en uart ca.«!i. balance flat
cir.rtg&ee or Installments.
_5_J h * ve a * w ell S-room colonial house,
v. «<> wtll sell on terms of $20t» down and
xr.e balance Jfio tier month. This property
*ould be rented fn r $ii> p*» r month, but the
«wner refuses t«> do so. as he prefers to *<?M
H on thc«£ term-.. The house is new and is
jooat^d <n the r^nny corner cf a bituminlzed
«rett, almost in the heart of town, and only
two minutes" walk f rot n train; lot 30x*0 fei-t;
•Jl large sunny rooms. dLni:ig-room 22 It. long;
card Onpjrf.ri pine finish throughout: price only
*_500. This \% « chance of a lifetime »o get
in quick. «s it must be sold.
$".00 for a fine 8-room house, carrisge-house
•nd st-bla-i; lot 107 ft. frontae* by 12U ft. In
depth; lecated on one of Oakland's finest
streets, -within 200 ft. o f Telegraph aye. and a
1 mutates* ride from Hth and Broadway; ce-
ment F'.dewalks; street work and sewering all
done. Tr.:s can be bought on f^w down, bal-
ance flat mortgage.
KREISS <fc HORSWILL,
' H-70 Broadway.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME
ON VERY EASY TERMS.
This artistic eight-roomed house is on a cor-
ner lot end fronts on E. 12th st. boulevard
\u25a0w-li eh hat recently beea biiuminized and ac-
cepted by th« city; Srtlon is one of the best in
Oakland; convenient to schools and car* and
but two blocks to lex.-* I station to San Fran-
cisco: circumstances have t-ome up which has
compelled the owner to difpote oi t*ne prop-
erty immediavely at a very low figure. 3r.d this
Is an exceptional opportunity to buy; the rooms
are largt t*nd tunny, with combination gas
and electric light fixtures; the dining-room is
paneled. a*s artistic sideboard and all modern
COUVjBB&SSQ-i; the house is tinted, painted nd
decorated in the latest Myles and colors; the
_es:gn is mh-fliai; Photo, with full description
will be rr.aik-ci upon application. For furthe-
particulars awly to the office of
OEORGK K. FISH.
I^:6 Broadway. Oakland.
Formerly with Shainwald. Bucki>ee & Co.
Of gan Francisco.
A NON-RESIDENT owner must quickly dis-
pose cf his _Vj-story modern home. Including
\u25a0sas and electric fixtures, hot water, water
beating system, etc. ; terraced, spacious lot,
Ir. mature md valuable shrubbery; also line
eh_de and snrlt tree*; crown of hill: situa-
tion aftordlr.g- grand mountain and bay view;
in nn absolutely high-class neighborhood;
convenient to ferry trains. It takes very
little me_ey to s^cur-e this valuable property.
HARRY L. KOLCOMB.
SJC San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
B H Welch & co #
Fifth aye. and Eiehteer.ih st.. East Oakland.
FVr sale — New 7-room 2-etory house on East
Eir:eer.th et.. near Tenth aye.. close to school.
| chMtvhe* and car line?; a desirable home; must
* I* »o!<l this wec-k; cash offer wanted.
ALSO.
A new 7-room _-etor>- house on Lester aye.,
P*"ralta Heights; every modern convenience;
veil built In every particular; terms, one-third
cash, balance mortgage if desired.
B. H. WELCH & CO..
Fifth aye. and Eighteenth St..
East Oakland.
A BARGAIN.
5430u — New. modem house of 13 rooms: built
2 years ago: fine 2-story barn: lot 50x150; on
csr lir.e In East Oakland; fine neighborhood.
$1800 — Cottage of 7 rooms; on car line In
Eist Oakland; Vt 32x73; fine neighborhood.
$4400 — A fine home, containing 9 rooms: on
bcuUvard. Saving Lake Merritt; lot 64x155;
eupcrb view: fine location.
HrGH M. CAMERON.
IC.S Broadway. Oakland.
.'.UCIURD J. MONTGOMERT.
Telpgra.»,h b\-*. and 40th et. Key route station.
$<^s—r.ot5 — r.ot 5(flEl<lO; street 6ewered; only short
w.'k to Key rout» station.
>44G--Lot 42x115: street sewered; near school;
\u25a0short waik to Key route: only 1-5 caph,
balance monthly.
JSP 4— Lot 32x110; half block from Telegraph
aye. Key route station: street work in-
cJ'Kjed; only 1-5 oath balance monthly.
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY. Key route
•trt'on. 40th st. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
i'CA Mile at a bargain — One of the choicest
building lots in Alta Piedmont; all etreet
work, sidewalks, eewers, water and gas
mains complete; magnificent view; faces two
liroad avenues; restricted buiMing values in-
*ures elegant home surroundings; owner go-
ing away; must sell at once at considerably
leas than adjacent lots can be bousbt for.
Apply to W" J. WHITE CO.. 26 Mont-
ccrr.ery *t.. room 8.
IF you want to buy a first-class cottage, now
bu:!<*in£-. from 5 to S rooms, call I*>s 54th
I ?t.. Si Inoek from Key Route, and see owner.
CHEAPF.PT and b*« in America— The Weekly
C-JL "I?, rages, sent to any address in the
''n!t»i Btatea or Canada one year for $1.
"Wfw r>al<V
OAKLAM) HOUSES TO LET.
EI' KINS VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general
T— overs — We hay* the t>est warehouse in the
TTest 'only covered van* use<3). DON'T
MIPTAKE THE NUMBER. 1016 Broadway.
OEklar.d: rh^r.o Main 907.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LFTT.
WK lar~»». sunny rooms, newly rvnovated: 2
"rninut**' local train; $22 50. Apply 032 Pop-
lar tt.
-TtTBXISHED fiat cf 4 rooms and bath for
ho_v>keep;ng. 6Sj» Twenty-fourth st.
Oakland Fnrnlslied Coitus:- Wanted.
"WANTED— SmaII cottage or flat, furnished;
«cc*HSlble to Key Route, Oakland. Box
37C~>. Call office.
OAKLAXD FrOXITITIE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the cay for bargains in furniture.
H. Srr,eV.haa6. 11th st.. cor. stcre. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
MlvHTI >'GS — Sl\n » V.
A— SPIRITUAL tests. Scottish Hail. B p. m.;
Maxwell. Hovot. McKw. ArnjFtrong. Cook,
lifter, Ho4_^son.
MRS. L. H. SILL, circles Monday. Wednesday.
» Friday; lessors for mMJumship development;
meetings daily. 1049 A Market Bt.
A. J. C. BELL. AmprW* sreatest blindfold
wonder; seance to-night- tests to all. 226 A
T-:ii!s st.
A— MRP. J. J. WHITNEV. bus. medium and
life noder. 1200 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test meeting to-night. We.
1001 Vort rt.. err. Fillmore: reading daily.
AT Frl«>n<if=hlp Ha!!, nr.7, McAllister Ft.. Mrs. C.
J. Meyer: tests ev^ry «•<>.; lOc: reads daily.
John Wilson and C Lotteringrr rpirltual rawt.
ing*. 2 and «. A. O. F. hMg.. 102 OTarrell st.
EDWARD EARI.E. 21» E<s<3>- rt.. t^anc* to-
nipat: qu<ftions an*werp<J: full names glv«>n.
SIR?. HARLAND'P fvoning test circles: ccme
parly for s<>ats. 3<>r; readings daily. 148 6th.
W. G. KFKGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; in<\ J4s Sixth et.
To-NIGHT— Mr*. M. Bird, test meeting; pri-
vat* r'-fl'llris'- daily. 107 Fourth Et.
MRS. HOVET-Mpsmib* mating to-night, 8
o'clock: 12 Oak ft., ground flat.
SIXDAV LECTURES.
DR. JOHN A. KEItGAN will rive a free lec-
ture thin evening. 8 o'clock, at Electricians'
Hall. SS E<My ft. Sub3fct. "The Care of
'\u25a0hiidrcn." followed by beautiful views of a
vjpit to Xorway. Remember the question
box. All are cordially invited to attend.
'TERSONAL Magnetism": free lecture; lllug.
trated by each face: 8 this eve. ; Van Auken
<">xyß*-n Institute. SO4 Van Nees aye. ; collec-
tion: psychic development, clans Thurs. eve.
AT Poanrtia Hall. ICI City Hall ave.— Broth*r-
hoo<l of Atlantis — Free lecture and character
readings to-night by MRS. L. E. S. DREW;
subject. "Thought Trans ferenre."
FRSS Thought Association. JGl.Olty Hal! aye..
2p. m "The Greatest Hindrance to Our
, Progro**ion."
MISS FRANCES E. ePEYER. Golden Gate
Hall. 8 !>. tn.: subject, "Wealth Permanent."
Admission 25c.
VEDANTA Society.— Ptr_tnl> lecture to-night
at S on "Raja-Yo*a," at 40 Stelner «t,; 23c •
CHURCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church 'First). SW. corner
Gfary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
L<BviU. minister; residence 3'Jll) Jackson St.;
Junior church and Sunday school are at 10
6'clock; Rev. Bradford L^avitt and C. A.
Murilock. superintendents; Sunday service is
at 11 o'clock: there Is no evening service;
Mr. Leavitl will preach; subject. "Why
More People Do Not Go to Church." Music
by quartet undir direction of H. Bretherlck.
organist; all are 'cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twenti-
eth and Capj) 6ls. (Take Mission or Valencia
ets. car.) C. Calvert Smoot. minister; resi-
dence. 3470 Twentieth rt. Sunday school at
0:45 a. m. Morning Fervlce nt 11 o'clock:
subject. "The Law of Moral Sequence."
Evening sorvioe at 7:45 o'clock: subject. "He
Who .I>ares? to Dare." Music by choir of
mixed volrps. undor the direction of Professor
L. A. Darltng. All cordially invited.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission st.. be-
tween Sixth and Seventh.— The pastor. Rev.
Geo. \\ . Wnite. will preach at the morning
ccrvice. Sunday-school at 12:45. Rolla V.
vvett superintendent; Young People's meet-
ing at «:15; song service at 7:30. At 8
o'clock Mr. Starr of Detroit, Mich., will
speak on "Practical Pointers on the Liquor
Traffic." Seats fre<\ everybody Invited.
Ccmp farly. Strangers welcomed.
CAI.IFORNIA-ST. Methodist Church, enrnor
California and Broderlck— Rev. George A.
Hough, pastor, 3130 Clay «t. ; phone West
3170. The pastor will prrach this morning
on -'A Call to Consecration." Evening
theme "A Falpe Reluce." Sperial music by
fine chorus choir. Strangers cordially invited.
Sunday school at 9:45. Epworth League nt
6 :30.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
\u25a0 The pastor. James H. N. William?, will
preach to-dey at 11 a. m. en "Christ and
th* Common People," and Rt 7:30 p. m. on
"The Public Plumbline"— a discussion of
the issues of the present political campaign.
Fpecial music at each sen-Ice by large cho-
rus choir.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Fts. — Rev. George C Adams, D.D..
raptor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.. topic. "Blessedness and Sorrow." At
7:45 p. m., topic, "The Value of Home." All
are cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness aye.
and Sacrampnto st. — Rev. Wm. Kirk Guthrie.
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
The pastor will preach at both services.
Bible School 9:4.') a. m. : Christian Endeavor.
0:30 p. m. Wcdnepday, S p. m.. midweek
service. All are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Jackson
and Flllmore sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll. D.D.,
pastor Morning sen-ice at 11 o'clock; ser-
mon topic. "The New Song." Evening serv-
ice at 7:30 o'clock; sermon topic, "Are There
Few That Be Saved?" The pastor will preach
at both sen-ices. Sabbath school at 9:30
a. m. Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:15
p m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening
at 8 o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough sts. — Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett. D.D., rector. Holy
communion. 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday-school, 9:30
a. m. ; morning service, 11 o'clock, sermon
by the rector: evening service. 8 o'clock. s«r-
rnon by the Rev. James Helme. You are
heartily invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy st— Rev. A.
L. Waflsworth. A. M., of South Pasadena.
Cal.. will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Bible school at 12:30. A. A. Macurda. musi-
cal director all services. C. E. societies
meet at 6:30 p. m. Midweek prayer sen'ice.
7:4j p. m., Wednesday. All are Invited.
Seats free.
CHRISTIAN Science services— First Church of
Christ, Scientist, Central block. 223 Sutter
St.. bet. Kearny and Grant aye. Senices, 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. subject of lesson ser-
mon, "Probation After Death." Sunday
school for children 11 a. m. Wednesday
evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free reading-
rooms, 200 Kearny St., rooms 509-510. ' All
are welcome^
CHURCH of the New Thought. — Henry Victor
Morgan, minister. Object, to prepare men
and women for living. Sen'lces in Memorial
Hall. Odd Fellows" bldg.. every Sunday
night. To-night at 8 o'clock Dr. J. L.
YorVe, the celebrated liberal orator, will
epeak on "Inspiration." Fellowship meet-
ing, from 7 to 8, conducted by Mr. Morgan.
School of Life and Healing Monday, Tues-
day and Friday evenings. Free to the pub-
lic. Ccme early.
FIRST New Jerusalem fSwedenborgian)
Church, O'Farrell St., between Webster and
Flllmore. — The pastor. Rev. William de Ron-
den-Pos, will preach on "I In You, or the
Secret of Discipleshlp." Sunday school at
9:45 a. m. Instructional Reading Circle at
7:45 p. m. Strangers especially welcome.
THE People's Church meets every Sunday
evening at 8 o'clock. In Calumet Hall. Red
Men's bid?.. 220 Golden Gate aye.: subject
this evening! "An Earthly Paradise"; pastor,
MRS. ANNA L. GILLESPD2. ;
A POLICE captain. Mr. William Pf-tersen, of
the Oakland police force, will address the
men's mass-meeting in the auditorium of the
San Francisco Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation, Mason and Ellis sts., to-day (Sun-
day) at 3 o'clock. His subject will be "The
Duty of the Hour." Music by Robson's or-
chestra. All men invited.
MKETIXGS — I.'nfvernnl Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Sc-clety (Katherine Tingley, leader and offi-
cial head), San Francisco center, 912 Bush
6t. : free public meetings every Sunday, 8
p. m. The above organization has no con-
nection with any other so-called Theosophi-
cal bodies In the city.
\u25a0 i --------------_______-»_, .
MEETINGS — THEOSOPHICAL.
THE Theosophical Society, Academy of Sci-
ences Hall — Public lecture, 8 p. m. by M. P.
Chrlstensen; subject, "Reincarnation."
GOLDEN GATE Lodge F. S., I. O. O. F. bldg.
— "The Basle of Religion." by Mrs. Kroutcli.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, F. and a
A. M.. will assemble at 2 o'clock Jy
THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON to at-
tend the funeral of our deceased
brother. CHARLES F. ANTHONY, late a
member of William B. Warren Lodge No.
209. F. and A. M., at Chicago. 111. Master
Masons and friends invited. By order of
the master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secy.
ALTA Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F.—
Double initiation MONDAY, Oct. iic^wt
16. K. GRANT. N. S.
P. N. PIDGE. Secy. J Hfi\V^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310, I. O. ..>:__;«„,
o. F — Initiation MONDAY
EVENING, October 16. Visiting x-Jw^S^v
brethren cordially Invited. \u25a0^SWWBSS'
O. H. FISHER. N. G.
W. C. MAURER. R, S.
THE Croatian Benevolent Society /«Jt»_
Zvonimir will hokl its pran<l annual CSJ3
ha.ll Dec-ral/er IC, 1905, In Lyric *B>S_l
Hall, 121 Eddy s-t. in? J/&Y
also has engaged Germar.la Garden Y_J^«
Park for April 22, 1906, and *\3<,
Schueuen Park, San Jose, for July —
15 1906. • All other societies please take no-
tice J. KRSTINICH, .President.
M. JERKOVICH. Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen of America— Vs*_s?
Goodfellowship Camp 9633. M. tf
W. of A., meets every MONDAY »V»
NIGHT at Electricians' Hall, 35 •>
Eddy rt, E^ EITHEAD , V. C. NX
W J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 1109
James Flood bulldipg.
REGULAR annual meeting of James Tomkin-
jon (Inc.) will take place at the principal
office of the corporation at 75 Minna St.,
Oct. 2S. 1905. at 2:30 p. m.
C. J. McGLYNN. Pres.
MATT I. BRADY, Eecy.
ATTORNEVS-AT-L.AW. t
AA— DIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; ad-
v'ce free: no charge unless successful; open
evenings: will*, deeds, leases, bills of sale
arid articles cf co-partnership carefully pre-
pared" bankruptcy, collections end probating
of estates. 027 Market st.. room 301.
AA— DIVORCE costs $12.
Quick, quiet: legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
All law business. \u25a0 .
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
R w. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
V;th floor, entrance room 611: established 20
years: all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free; legal _lvorce .costs $12; all law
cafea bandied; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings: other evenings by appoint-
ment: call and save money. 819 Mkt., r. 33.
L S CLARK. 927 Market, room 302, consulta-
ticn free: no fee In advance. Open evenings.
COMPLETE divorce for $20 by able young at-
torney. For Interview ad. lock box 422. city.
ASTOMA CVfIE.
A DI NOLA'B asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggist*: main depot 1602 Market
,t.. St. Nicholas Hotel: 10c. 25c. 50c postage.
" j niKDS DOGS, ETC.
A BIRD organ, to teach young Roller canaries.
for «ale. 31C8 Sixteenth st.
\u25a0 BOOKKEEPING. \u25a0 ' _ *
LET us keep your books; nothing too large,
nothing too small; we make a specialty of
keeping small eets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Tth Montgomery ISIL * 930 Market rt.
j \u25a0•- -. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- v a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1905.
AGENTS WANTED. ;
A PERMANENT BUSINESS OFFER. $50 to
$150 per week POSITIVE; men and -women
wanted everywhere to operate sales parlors
for the BEST ladles' and gents' dress shoe
known; 10 original sight-selling health ftnd
comfort features; factory to consumer; previ-
ous experience unnecessary: profit possibili-
ties unlimited; NO RISK; reply quick. W. A.
WRIGHT & CO.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
BIG money In squabs; cheaply raised in only
4 weeks; sell for fancy prices; wonderful
market; write for free book and learn this
rich industry. PLYMOUTH ROCK SQUAB
CO.. IS2 Howard st.. Melrose, Mass. .
WANTED — Manufacturer's agent to handle
largest line of gla«s signs made in United
States; references must accompany applica-
tion. Address Plttsburg Advertising Co.,
Plttsburg. Pa.
AGENTS in ever}' town and city to sell Sny-
der Health Vibrators; sell for $2; quick sell-
ers: write to-day. LAMBERT-SNYDER
CO., 10 West Twenty-second St., New 'York.
I6SS FIRST month's profit — One agent selling
our specialty; carries four patents; nleded in
every building: exclusive territory; free sam-
ples. EWART, 192 Front St., New York.
AGENTS can easily make $10 a day selling
our gold window letters, novelty signs and
changeable signs; catalogue free. SULLI-
VAN CO., 405 W. Van Buren st., Chicago.
A WINNER for agents: health, accident insur-
ance on popular monthly payments. For lib-
eral terms address W. H. 3ETTS, Mutual
Savings Bank building, San Francisco.
AGENTS make $10 per day Felling our "Mend-
arlp"; it sews. It rivets'; our "Farmers'
Standby"; 8 tools in one: good side line with
it. THOMAS N. FOOTE CO., Los Angeles.
HOLIDAY books — Samples now ready; very
laige line; time to take orders; send for
samples. The J. DEWING COMPANY.
rooms 12, 13 and 14. Flood building.
$5 DAILY SURE^ — Beats everything as money
maker; sub-agents will sell for you; needed
In even' house. Address A. E. BROWN,
Grappes Bluff, La. . ;
WE pay $36 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54, Par-
sons, Kans.
$750 PER month made selling lots; no knowl-
edge of business necessary. Call 182,
Crocker building.
PORTRAIT agents — We do work for trade
only: call or write for prices. . Chicago and
San Francisco Portrait Co.. r. 812, 738 Mlssl:n.
AUTOMOBILE^. .^ -aw
WANTED — Lowest spot cash price for second-
hand tonneau automobile; must be In first-
class condition; no larger than a 1 or 2-
cyllnder machine. Address with full par-
ticulars, box 3SS7, Call.
BARGAIN; $650; St. Louis, ln^good condition.
14-horßcpower. seats 5, top with glass front;
bullet headlights; Investigate. 675 Thlrty-
elxth st. - -
LARGE automobile wanted by the week for
advertising purposes, with driver; state full
terms. W. S. KIRK. Graystone Hotel.
FOR sale— s9oo: a $1500 '05 side entrance 20-
HP. Oldsmoblle touring car; used 1 month.
WRIGHT. 607 J St., Sacramento.
MOTORCYCLE. 3 H.-P., latest model, prac-
tically new, at a sacrifice; call Sunday.
W. J. CROOKS, 1432 Post st.
FRUITVALE GARAGE CO.
Has an expert steamer man; call and see
him. _J | '
$90 — FINE automobile, almost new, at KLEI-
BER'S. 1504 Foisom st. _^
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY will give mother's care to young child;
healthful and sanitary surroundings: good
home; terms reasonable. Box 3892. Call.
LADY wants child to board and teach German;
punny home; garden; near Jefferson Park.
lloS Turk st.
A CHILD to board in private family; no other
children; best of care. 861% Greenwich st.
LADY would like child to board; terms rea-
sonable. 642 Gerard st.
\u25a0 BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1526 Polk si
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Proces used
for cleaning carpets on floor without remov-
al; carpet and rugs also cleaned by com-
pressed air at shop; prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company. 308 Mar-
ket et.; phone Main 162 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works. ISO 9 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN _: CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkin; phone East 126.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st_; tel. Mission 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; pilcrs
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 263.
LACE CURTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New York Curtain House: most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
blankets. 1324 Flllmore; phone Wat 5306.
.„
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 416
Montgomery st., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
BUSINESS CJIANCES.
LIVE HOTEL MEN. HERE IS A CHANCE.
The only hotel in West Auburn, Placer Coun-
ty, Cal., was recently burned down; now there
Is a great opening for a live man to start up a
new business; to the tight kind of a man lib-
eral assistance would be given by the citizens;
we have also very choice city lots, houses and
country properties for sale. For particulars
send stamp to W. J. McCANN, chairman Ways
and Means, Placer County Development Asso-
ciation, East Auburn, Cal.
RESORT FOR RENT.
The well-known MIRABEL PARK RANCH
and VILLA. Villa partly furnished and
equipped lor summer boarders; prefer to rent
for term of years; immediate possession
given. A money-maker for a wideawake
man; references required^ Addrees F. BUT-
LER, Forestvllle, Cal.,' or Inquire at Forest-
vllle P. O.
PARTNER wanted for a prosperous, growing,
legitimate business; owner can't rely on hired |
help and wants a live, active man as part- j
ncr; If right party, can clear about $600 per
month; If Interested see us for further par-
ticulars. SPAULDING & CO., young
hustlers for bargains. 906 Market st., cor.
Ellis.
GOOD business for man. and wife: easily run
without hired help; good investment; bakery,
notions, dry goods, a. s. f., good cor., with
4 good living rooms; rent reasonable; present
owner has been there for 9 years; sickness
cause of selling; price $1250. Box 3583, Call.
CHEAPEST. SALOON IN CALIFORNIA.
Best located and appointed saloon in this
prosperous city; 15,000 trading population;
first-class trade; long lease; every dollar in
sight; quick sale, account sickness; price
$3500. Add. P. O. box 222. Watsonvllle, Cal.
A FEW dollars will start prosperous mall or-
der business; -we furnish catalogues and
everything necessary ; by our easy method
failure Impossible. MILBURN-HICKS, 858
Dearborn St., Chicago.
A CHANCE; party with money and patience
who will furnish certain expenses, can share
large earnings; staple goods; must show
good faith, ability to finance and exchange
references. Box 3885. Call office.
BIG money fitting glasses; . be Independent;
earn your tuition and outfit; send 2-cent
6tamp for catalogue; either sex. Michigan
College of Optomentry, Ypsllantl, Mich.
BEST equipped shop In city for model, f-x-
perimental and small machine work; d.ilng
good business; good location; price- complete.
$1400; Inquire on premises. 514 A Mission tt.
FOR sale — Saloon; 2-story building; commodi-
ous vpremises; opposite Golden 'Jate I'ark;
' must sell on account of early -l-parture for
Nevada. Box 3846. Call. .- : \u25a0
WANTED— An energetic young man to estab-
lish a business, for himself In every town
In the State; must have small capital. Box
3SBO. Call. •
$200 — PARTNER wanted; established business:
no previous experience required; sure to pay
$90 a month to each; steady man required;
call and inquire. 1027% Market St., room 2.
AN Industrious man with *150 to Join me and
open a good paying office: business experi-
ence not necessary. Box 3791. Call office.
GOOD paying, old-established business; suit-
able for man and wife; must be sold account
sickness. Particulars 1639 Polk st.
GOOD coal yard: 6- room' flat :• also roomlng-
hooseß. $200 upward. • Call \u25a0 336 Phelan bldg.
FOR rent— Factory with steam and power,
110x25. Apply . 103 Twelfth • st.
$150 — PARTNER wanted: genteel contracting
-.business; $15 week. 131 Montgomery.' r. S.
HARDWARE and plumbing business for sale;
located In good town; doing - good ; business.
Address box SS29. Call office.
3USIIVESS C.lANCES— Continued. ;
FRUIT'Store; .choicest location; owner Is en-
gaged In other business; a chance for a good
-business, cheap. Particulars. R. G. WILKE,
1 20 _TKearny st. * ' • "~r
'A— $2500; CORNER grocery and bar with 3
\u25a0 living rooms; choicest location. Western Ad-
dition; rent $34; place; established years;
owner to leave America. Call R. Gi_WILKE,
26 Vi Kearny st. . . . .- . , - ;. .
A— s2so; WELL established restaurant and
\u25a0chophouse with 2 rooms; on water. front; rent
$10; a rare chance; making money. R. G.
WILKE. 26V& Kearny st.
OLD established bakery In Western Addition;
large store tcade ; bake 6 barrels n. day;
owner engaged In other business only cause
of eale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny.
CHANCE of lifetime; a painting, whitening,
paperhanging business; .everything complete
'to do any Job; stock, tools, etc. Call R. G.
WILKE, 23& Kearny st. \u25a0 . . \
A—s2soo;A — $2500; SALOON on California street, close
to Montgomery', and A No. 1 paying busi-
ness; owner to leave city: full value in
sight. All particulars at R. G. WILKE*S,
26^4 Kearny at.
A— s2ouO; CORNER saloon . In wholesale dis-
trict; mercantile lunch; no Sunday or night
work; place doing a rUßhlng business:
would exchange for property. R. O.
WILKE. 26 y. Kearny st.
A—s»s<j:A — $»5<j: BAK-KY and confectionery on Mason
»'. : 2 years' lease; established 20 years;
monthly sales $l_00; a rare chance. Partlcu-
lars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000;A — $1000; BUTCHER shop with 6 years' lease;
very best location; 6th ano Market sta.; full
value in sight; a rare bargain. Call R. O.
WILKE. 2ISV, Kearny St.
A— $20l)0; BAKERY; established years; baking
4 barrel? a day; 2 ovens, 2 horses, 1 wagon;
large store trade. Particulars at R. O.
WILKE' S, 26% Kearny st. \
BUSINESS opportunity — A furniture and gen-
eral household goods store; for sale on ac-
count of sickness of owner; old established
corner, consisting of 4 stores, 100 feet front-
age, with lease, good will, etc.. In city of
Oakland; an active man can easily clear $500
month; price $6000/ Address H. E. ALDEN,
1233 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
IMMEDIATE attention.
$2500— At Goldfield. Nev., a saloon and res-
taurant at depot, -with lot 40x160; rented $160
month: owner in Oakland under care of.
physician, sick; must sell. THE ALDEN CO..
1233 Broadway. Oakland.
$1800— SALOON, Fourth St., near Market; es-
tablished for years; safe and cash register
included; rent $55 month; one of the great-
est bargains ever offered; selling on account
of sickness. M. LESS, U35 Market st., r. 5.
$300 — PARTNER wanted In light, established
business; plain, steady man satisfied with'sis
to $35 a week, will tlnd, this a rare chance;
no experience required. 750 Market et., r. 8.
FOR sale — One of the leading restaurants In
Berkeley; price $1200. For further partlcu-
' lars apply J. P. HALE, 1511 Shattuck aye.,
northwest corner Union st.
FOR sale — A restaurant, seating 28, with a
trade of 20 to 25 loaves of bread dally, 2%
cans milk; low rent; no agents. Box 37M,
Call office. '
DAIRY — Two strings fine cows; choice private
trade; 20 years established; thorough in-
vestigation. Inquire 4600 Mission st.
SANDWICH lunch place, good transfer corner,
with furnished room. 1201 Mission St., after
11 o'clock. .
NEWSPAPER MEN AND PRINTERS.
If you understand your business and have or
can quickly raise at least $10,000 cash, there
is an opportunity to buy all or part of one
of the best paying publishing and printing
businesses In the West. It is not a cheap
proposition, but the price Is very low for
what 1» offered. 11l health reason for sell-
Ing. Full Investigation afforded one • who
shows that he means business. Address box
3776, thla office. ]
HOTEL AND SALOON—
$1100— In factory district. Hotel and saloon
with 18 furnished rooms. Liquor, license,
stock and everything goes at this price.
Business amounts to $500 per month. Own-
er leaving city. 1450 San Bruno aye.
FOR SALE.'
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, saddlery, shoe findings and leather
business on the coast for eale; can make all
the money you want. Correspond with JOHN
T. STOLL, Sacramento, Cal.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; 2 living-
rooms; does a large business; price $2000;
• very low rent; owner going south; no agents.
Address or call on LORINE. Grand South-
ern Hotel, corner Seventh and Mission sts.
FINE fruit store with fish stand in connection;
doing business which you can Investigate;
will be sold cheap; owner has other business;
a real bargain. 341 Fourth st.
$200 — PARTNER wanted; established business;
no previous experience required; cure to pay
$90 a month to «»ch; steady man required;
call and Inquire, 1027% Market St., room 2.
$200 — CANDY and Ice-cream parlor; good
chance for a man and wife; established over
4 years; 3 living-rooms; rent $16. 1051
Foisom st. '
MACHINIST wishing steady employment for
•mall investment; good returns; established;
business address, SANTA ROSA MACHINE
WORKS (Inc.). Santa Rosa. Cal.
FOR sale — Account departure, paint ahop; com-
plete; cheap. 31 Geary St.; flornt store.
$260— PARTNER wanted for blacksmith, horse-
shoelng and wagon shop. Box 3884, Call.
BLUE book on patents and list. "What to In-
vent." free to any address;, patents secured
or fee returned. GEO. S. VASHON & CO.,
$>78 F «t.. Washington, D. C.
SECOND-HAND store, clothing, shirts, ties,
hats. In Market st., for sale: $280; a bar-
galn. Call 1221 Market, near Sth. •
RESTAURANT, with liquor license, close to
Ocean; 6 years' lease; good business; price
$660. Inquire 863% Market; no agents.
SHOE store: family trade; furn. rooms; cash
reg.: good repair trade; owner going East;
good man can clear $150 mo. 500 Larkin st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for .particulars.
TURK. 436 — First-class delicatessen and res-
taurant for sale. .
FOR sale — Well established paying business.
324 Mason st. '
FOR sale — Saloon doing good business; fine lo-
cation; price reasonable. Apply 815 Foisom.
GOOD oyster house for sale; selling on account
of sickness. 50 Seventh, opp. new postofflcg.
$500-— FINE restaurant, seating capacity 75;
cost $750; grand bargain; Invest. 932 Mission.
FOR sale — Roadhouse and hotel; near city; do-
Ing good business. Box 3708. Call.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor; well established;
good location; $500. 621 Vallejo at. __\u25a0
LAUNDRY plant for sale; good order. SPECK.
2132 Foisom st. . \u25a0 :
ELECTRIC laundry, est. 8 yrs., for rale, ln-
cludlng prop; doing good bus. Bos 3526. Call.
GOOD i Call routs for sale. Apttr at Call
office. ' -
. LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
— : ;; — \u25a0 f , _
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
' 3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
lfe rooms, fine location; furnished in | oak,
birdseye maple and mahogany: fully ar-
ranged for housekeeping; small payment
down, balance can be paid out of house;
price $1000.
30 rooms; central; fine corner; all sunny
rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; good furni-
ture and carpets; always full and clears over
$150 per month; on account of sickness at
bargain..
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st \u25a0 ,
A LADY furnished 11 rooms on sunny side
of Geary St., near Van Ness aye.; she has
done so well financially that she now wants
a larger house; she has the cash necessary
to pay and will exchange. Call, write or
Phone her exclusive agents," the young, ac-
tive hustlers and bargain, sellers, SPAULD-
IKG & CO. , ' .\u25a0 \u25a0 •
SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
Real Estate and Rooming-House Brokers,
1008% Market St., opp. sth; phone Je»sle 3041.
Buyers: .We have houses to suit you; hon-
est values guaranteed or no gale. . .-
FISHER & CO ...Phone Main 3354
Room 438, James Flood Building. I . ;r"; r "
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats. -
FOR sale — A centrally located and profitable
lodging-house of 120 rooms; present owner
has had It over 20' years; no agents. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 3740. Call. \u25a0 :
MODERN. 5-room cottage, . bath, pantry, drive-
way; small amount down, balance as rent.
019 Alvarado st.; Twenty-second-st. cars west
to Hoffman aye.
$1500^ — 2tt-room lodging-house on Washington
»t. clearlnz $100 per month; must tell; long
lease.' RALEIGH BROS.. 050 Broadway.
FOR sale " cheap, house, 8 rooms and bath ;
rent $30. 810 Howard et.;- . ; '.
$750 — LODGING-HOUSE of 21 rooms, clearing
$72 a month. 15.18 -Webster, st., A lameda. .
10-ROOM house, well furnished ; full of room-
ers; party leaving city. Inquire 152 Tenth.
CHEAPEST, best-pay.hse.3o rs.j'chp.rentx-ash
or exch.for chp.hse.ft lot In Oakl'd.lll6 Mlssn.
NEATLY furnished 22-room lodging-house ; fine
1 transient trade; bargain for cash. 116 4th st.
- - .'--\u25a0 - \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0- '. :* *f<vj^w-E
I rtoomlng-Hoimes and _Hotel»_. f or Sal*.
MARION GRIFFIN,
.- 070 Market st.. Room 801. Eighth Floor.
Rooming-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
; LADY your check is good for $500
| and— we— will— back— you— for $2000
on a NEW and MODERN 30-room house that
cost $4500 to furnish. You'll Say '
"It — Is — a — great — bargain."
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— PROF. NIBLO.
IT IS JUST AS CHEAP TO SEE THE BEST.
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS. $1.
$1 CO— LOW FEE— $l 00.
BRING CALL COUPON AND SAVE $4.
MY $3 COMPLETE LIFE READINQ
FOR $1 IF YOU BRING THIS
ADVERTISEMENT.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES ST.
NO CHARGE IF NOT SATISFD3D WHEN
READING IS OVER— YOU TO BE JUDGE.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE and
guarantee to make no charge if I fail to call
you by name In full, names of your friends,
enemies or rivals. I promise to tell you
whether your husband, wife or sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you how to gain the love
of the one you most desire, even though
mjles away; how to succeed In business,
speculation, lawsuits; how to marry the one
of your choice; how to regain youth, health
and vitality. Removes evil Influences, cure*
drink habita, locates treasures, cures all
nervous diseases.
How can I have good luckT .
How can 1 succeed In business?- - .
How can 1 make my home happy?
How can I conquer my enemies?
: How can I marry the one I choose?
How can I marry well?
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my 'rivals 7
How can I make any one' love me?
How soon will -my -lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad Influences?
How can I control any one?
How make distant ones think of me?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
Oldest Established. . First Registered.
Best nown Clairvoyant In California.
Others may come and others may go, but
Professor NIBLO always remains;
Hours, 10 to 8 daily and Sunday.
• 411 A Ellis St.. near Jones st.
Permanently located In his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
' 1/ -
LINCOLN.
366 O'Farrell st..
Clairvoyant and High Psychist.
TO THE PUBLIC:
I can help you, no matter what your burden
may be. Come to me and I will show you a
way out of your difficulties. If you are trou-
bled or In doubt concerning love, law, mar-
riage, divorce, business of any kind, illness of
the mind or body, I -can help you and put you
on the road to success and happiness. Why
suffer when help Is so easily obtained?
My success In aiding those "who have con-
sulted me during my nix years' residence In
San Francisco proves that I am able to help
you.
I was compelled to disappoint many who
called during the past week, owing to the
great number who desir»d 50c readings, so, for.
the benefit of those who could not see me, I
will give my $2 readings for 50c during this
week; also this offer will not appear again.
Readings by mall $2. six questions. Hours
10 to 5, except by appointment.
LINCOLN.
366 O'Farrell st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
You hear the truth and nothing but; the
truth, be It good or bad. He positively refuses
to accept any fee In advance and leaves it to
your Judgment whether he has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 50c. Hours 10 to 8.
LIVINGSTONE— 26% Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A PHENOMENAL $5 mental reading for $1.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE. .. .1031 Market et.
Yoghl Initiate, clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Tell you' more • than all others- combined;
how to overcome sickness, drink or weak
habits, enemies, spells, lost Vitality, bad
luck; find treasures, valuable mines; marry
your choice; restore lost love; secure secret
powers of control; reunites separated; Im-
plants business success. By mall $2. $10,000
for his equal. ' -
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.,
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
\u25a0 the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
t ure; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives ' the Eecret how to control, charm, f as-
\u25a0 clnate the one you love; reading. $1; hours
« 10-8 p. m.; French, German. English spoken.
CASSANDRA. 1007% Market St., near Sixth—
Before taking any Important step In love,
marriage, divorce, purchases, sales. Invest-
ments Journeys, health, consult the great
clairvoyant and palmist, Cassandra; she Is
the famous medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also the assassin-
ation of President McKlnley; readings. $1;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and Psychic; the oldest and
best-known clairvoyant In San Francisco.
Reopened at 366 O'Farrell St. Hours 10 to
6. Readings by mail. $2.
ISMAR has been called East on a very impor-
tant but mysterious mission, full details of
which will, be published later. She will re-
turn to this city and be In her office Sun-
day, Nov. 5. \u25a0 .. -
MME. ROBERTS, clairvoyant; convincing
proofs revealed through her power of clair-
voyancy; readings daily; circle Wednesday
eve.. 8 o'clock. 108% Hayes st.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of. life: satisfac-
tion gimr. ; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bldg.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. & palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
\u25a0 names 50c. $1. 1035 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
MME 'MARSEAU card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c; hours *1 to 0. 545 Minna st.
RETURNED. MME. ODELL. card and tea-cup
reader; 25c-50c; satisfaction guar. 505 Jones.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names; advice in all affairs. 5 4th st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 854 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
TRUMPET meetings Sunday. Tuesdays, Fri-
days 8 p. m.; materializing meetings Sun-
day, 2 p. m.. 1636 West Eighth St., Oakland.
MARGKET ALDORA, spiritual medium. Just
from East; circle Wednesday and Friday
evenings: readings dally.. 459 Geary st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
A SHORT time— sl clairvoyant and spiritual
life rsad.. 25c. Mme. Ellersficken, 536 Turk.
MME LUCRETIA— CircIes every evening, 10c.
148 Sixth st.; room 1; hours 10 to 5.
MRS WILLIAMS. 110 Sixth St.. room 8— Spir-
itual ladv^serjnoi_sl____rj________________
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing; special Sun-
day \u25a0 eve. 1004 Van Ness aye.
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy St.:
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
X RETURNED. H: Jerome FosselH, scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel.Black S6OB
HYPNOTIS3T.
AILMENTS of nerves or mind cured; no drugs.
De Lauff, magnetlst, 700 Bush; hrs.. 1-5, 7-8.
• CURE FOR RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss ; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 206 Kearny St., room 307.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
KEISTER'S Ladle*' Tailoring. College gives
pupils the most thorough course in ladles*
tailoring and dressmaking; make your new
suits under experts and have \u25a0 two suits for
the price of one; our system of cutting the ',
' most simple and accurate; draughting from
' actual measurements. 1281 Market st., \u25a0 Ma-
Jestlc building. . \u25a0 ' '\u25a0 \u0084'.
McDOWELL DRESSMAKING : j
VV.i AND MILLINERY SCHOOL.
" Leading system of dreeecutting; ev'ng class.
.Leading pattern rooms; patterns to measure.
Leading course in millinery;; hata to order.
.Donohoe building. 1100 Market st.
STEWART'S Lining i Pleating and Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor st. will remove to 14
and 16 Taylor st. about October 1. -
STYLISH dressmaking; suits from $7 up. -At
777% Market st.,' room .21.
MRS. ESTE3 fashionable "dressmaking. St.
Kathryn Hotel 4SO Ellis: tel. East 1359.
McDOWELL" Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve. class ; patterns cut. 1190 Market at
\u25a0 - - . - \u25a0 . . •-.- .- \u25a0 \u25a0 ' . \u0084 \u25a0
DENTISTS.
DREXLER^ PAINLESS DENTAL^COMPANtT
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; silver fillings. 20c: gold
.fillings, $1: gold crowns. $3: bridge work. $3.
1104 Market et.. corner Turk.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: full eet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443. Market, near 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction
50c. New York Dentlsta? 96U Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, removed to 406
Sutter St.. rooms 7 and 8.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2. no
pain; op. Sun Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lol% Grant ay.
DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
CARPENTER and builder wants work by day
or contract. C. C. LEROY. 802 Jessie st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students euc-
\u25a0 ce&sfully and we shall prepare you; day.
evening session; references President Jordan
Or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS. COL.. 933 Market,
conducted by Robt. F. Gallagher, expert
court rei-orter.. holds world's record for short-
hand writing: successful himself, wtll make
you so: shorthand typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 738 Mission st.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
now open at Hinman's School of Danclr.K.
1412 Polk «t., near California; phone East
2126.
HEALD'S School of Mine- and Englnerlng. 24
Post St., S. F-: civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; annual
enrollment 10C0; send for circular.
PRIVATE lessons In telegraphy by an exper-
ienced teacher; rapid success guaranteed.
240 Scott st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve: est. 1564. van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math., etc.. day and
eve.: Individual Instr. 303 Larktn st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
EXTRA fine Inlaid Italian mandolin; cost $120;
must be sold; big bargain. 8 Taylor St..
corner Market, room 506.
MME CAROLLA. pupil of Marchesl and Pan-
zanni; voice culture. 1317 Leavenworth st.
Phone East 2623. -
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornla-Students Join-
ed. Business. Stenographic. 925 Golden Gate.
A— SPANISH French. Italian. English branch-
es. MRS. AMES. 1311 Octavla St.. nr. Geary.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION \u25a0 Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Post st. — Night classes.
A special class preparatory to teachers* exam-
lnatlons or State nor, schls. 333 Phelan bldg.
KENT Law School: day and night. For par-
tlculars apply 536 Parrott building.
BALLROOM and stage dancing taught by
young lady. Box 3836. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
X ORPHEUM Employment office — Japanese,
Chinese help; removed to 562 Sutter st., be-
tween Powell and Maaon: tel. Mam 5752.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post st. ; tel. James 501.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 859.
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'S. removed to 513 Plne;teLGrant 156.
Finest Japanese help; housecleanlng specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay st.; Chinese employ-
ment office: best help. Tel. East 425.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tfel. Main 1907. BRADLEY _ CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furnish-
ed; housecleanlng. 70S Taylor: James 763 d.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5183.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A* HOTEL head waitress, first class; also
6 restaurant and hotel waitresses experi-
enced in arm annd tray work, want situa-
tions. Call up MISS PLUNKETT. Main
5472, or call at 423 Sutter st., near Powell.
A YOUNG American woman would like per-
manent situation to keep house for an aged
couple; widow; neat housekeeper, good cook,
and capable of taking full charge If wished;
have two little girls past 5 which I should
like to keep with me; will answer all let-
ters. Box 3759. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor. Jackets, coats,
shirt waist suits, up-to-date styles; fits, sat-
isfaction guaranteed; all work taken In; de-
signer; engagements per day; no sign. MISS
BARSS. 821 Franklin st.
YOUNG woman wishes position to assist In
housework in exchange tor board and room
while attending business college; experience
tn housework and cooking; best references.
Box 3566. Call office.
COUNTRY — Well educated young lady de-
sires position as housekeeper, companion or
secretary; good writer; quick at figures: do-
mesticated: references given and required.
Box 3834, Call office.
YOUNG German girl, speaking English well,
wants place In private family for upstairs
work or general housework, where there is
a chance to learn cooking perfect. Box 3873,
Call office.
DRESSMAKER by the day or at home; Al
cutter, fitter, trimmer; unsurpassed on even-
Ing, dinner gowns, coats, wraps; also street
gowns. C. A. Turner, 207 Larkin. suite 12.
AN artistic dressmaker and des!gn4r. would
like a few more engagements: work satisfac-
tory; $2 50 per day. Phone Church 8427 be-
, fore 8:30 &i m. or after 6:30 p. m.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes to
do cooking and housework for 2 or 3 adults;
small wash; $15; carfare; city or near by.
, Call at 425 O'Farrell st. .
ARTISTIC dressmaker; engagements by day;
perfect fit; dresses altered; stout ladtes spe-
cialty; work taken home. 919 Howard st..
near Fifth.
A REFINED young lady, experienced traveler,
speaking English. French and German flu-
ently, desires a position. Box 3860. Call.
A RELIABLE woman desires care of Invalid;
experience, references; city or country. Box
3879. Call office.
WOMAN wiBnes place to do housework, where
she can have her child. 8 years old, with
her: small wages. Box 3561. Call office.
WANTED — Clerical position by educated wom-
an accustomed to office work ; no bookkeep-
ing, MRS. SCHOFIELD. 541 Scott at.
AN Eastern lady wishes position as house-
keeper •or manage rooming-bouse. Address
or call MRS. M-, 326 Eddy et. \
WANTED — By a reliable woman, a position
•as child's nurse: references. 513 A Larktn st.,
between Turk and Eddy. .
GIRL would like to pose In exchange for In-
struction in' drawing; age 20; height 5 fe«t
5 Inches. Box 3823. Call office. '
SEAMSTRESS (German) wishes to do plain
dressmaking and alterations by the day.
262% Clementina st.. rear. .
REFINED American woman desires position as
: housekeeper In small family; country pre-
ferred. Address Housekeeper. 18 Julian aye.
A WOMAN (would like washing to take home
or go cleaning by the day. 713% Minna st.,
near Eighth.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by
day; laundry. work preferred; reference. Ap-
ply 1622 Leavenworth st. '
\u25a0 YOUNG Swedish girl. wishes general housework
and ccoking; wages $20. Please call 623
Moultrle et., near Cortland aye.
AN experienced woman wants washing and
house-cleaning;., sl 5O per day or half days;
references. Box 3799. Call. .
A YOUNG girl would like to assist In house"
work. Call Monday after 10 a. m., 2417
Clay st. - -
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like posi-
tion as housekeeper. Call 187 Douglass st..
near Eighteenth.-
SITUATION wanted by Canadian woman In
small family; . good plain cook. 50 West
Mission st.
GERMAN girl \u25a0 for housework. Call at 74D
• Foisom at.
; WANTED — By reliable woman, a few half-
\u25a0 days a week. Please call 3275 Harrison sU i
EMPLOYMENT \V.\.\TED"Fenmle Con •
ACCOMPLISHED youns lady wishes a posi-
tion s.n companion to a retined iady: \u25a0wouiil
travel. Address U. 8., Alamerta P. P.. Cal.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to da
housework; wages »_5 ptr month. Uo.< Jl5l.
Call office. Oakland.
COLORED woman wants position for house-
work. Box 3593. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German cook for hotel wanta
situation in country. 55S Stockton at.
AN excellent laundress takes washing homa.
1267 EIIJ3 st.
AN experienced stenographer des!rr» a position;
salary $30. Box 3825. Call ofnee.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes family \u25a0
laundry work by the day. ,1124 V_ Fal3-jm »U
COMPETENT woman wants washrns. Ironing
or housecleanlng. call at 1334 Turk srt.
WANTED — A situation 'as housekeeper or as
nurse for Invalid. Vfl Foisom st.. near Fifth.
A COLORED woman wants washing to take
home. Box 3790, Call office. '
DANISH girl for general housework; call Moa-
\u25a0 day. 240 Dur.can st.. bet. 27ih and 2Sth.
A POSITION as chiidren s nur-w; oak or write.
530 Harrison st.
A YOL'NG American woman would like per-
manent situation to keep house lor an ag<*d
couple, widow; neat hous>*kce;.«>r, good cook
and capable of taking full char<= if wished;
have two little girla past 5. which I should
like to keep with me; will answer all let-
ttrs. Box 3759. Call office.
A JAPANESE good girl war.ts nosttioa a»
plain cook and do general housework in small
family. Address 1423 Pacific St.: lei. East
2»2.
RELIABLE woman wishes work for Tuesday
or Saturday; $1 CO per day and car fare, bux
3513 Call.
GIRL would like to pose in exchange for In-
struction tn drawing; age 20; height 5 feet
5 Inches. Box 3823. Call office.
TWO Finnish girls want positions to do gen-
eral housework. 564 Bryant st.
COLORED woman wants work by the day. SIS
Powell st. __
A GOOD housekeeper; an elderly, respectable
woman wishes situation to do light hou;»e-
work or to c_re for the sick; good mother
to children. 334 Waller St.. between WeS>-
ster and Flllmore.
GERMAN woman want) 1 to do washing at her
her home- Address 1335 Natoma St., near
Fifteenth. ' \u25a0
A YOUNG woman would like position as
chambermaid In lodging-house. Box 3316k
Call ofnee. ,
INTELLIGENT reader de3fres engagements:
reading to Invalids, blind or elderly peopla
or children. Address Reader. 63 Yv'aller st.
TRAINED nur<« would like a poslticn in an
institution or to tako charge of an Invalid:
highly recommended. Box a 74.. Call. ,
POSITION* wanted by an experienced book-
keeper; competent and reliable. MARY M.
FAHEY. 533 Turk st. .
COMPETENT laundress wishes work by th«
day; Wednesday. Thursday and Friday.
i Phone East 4543; evenings.
YOUNG German woman, experienced house-
keeper, wishes position In a Christian fam-
lly only; wages $30. Address 144 Day st.
A COMPETENT woman desires care of inva-
lid: experience, references. Box 3735. Call.
A GIRL wishes position for general house-
work. Apply 1201 Clement at.. Richmond. ,
FINLAND girl, good cook, wanta work. Ameri-
can family. $30. 220 Ritch st.
GERMAN woman wants to do urstalrs work;
speaks very Uttle English. Box 3789. Call.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation:
wages $tO. 558 Stockton st.
OBSTETRICAL nurse: doctor's references. 424
Fourteenth st. Phone Church 3205.
EMPLOY3IEAT AV.IIVTED— MALE. .
JAPANESE first-class cook, hotel. $30 month.
Fine cook for steameTa. also chief. $60; sec-
ond cook, $35 and $40. i
First-class laundress. $30 month U9.
Good chamberwork. $30 month up.
First-class helD always on hand.
GEO. X.. propr.. 343 Mason; tel. James 5231.
_____________-—-—————-——————-——————
A THOROUGHLT reliable expert accountant;
young, quick, active, accurate, who has been
In charge of banks and commercial concerns
In Europe. Mexico and United States. know-
Ing four foreign languages, desires permanent
engagement; Al local references. Box 333».
Call offlca. '
ELECTRICIAN, lately from East, experienced
and competent, desires a position with elec-
trical company; is strtctly reliable and will
give, employers faithful service. Address R.
PALMER. 1159 Turk st. '
MIDDLE-AGED single man wishes position,
city cr country: thoroughly familiar with
the care of horses and work about place:
first-class references. Address F. W"., 655
Commercial" st.
ALL-AROUND utility man. carpet-layer,
shades, drapery and furniture repairer and
repolisher. handy en, anything, would Ilka
position with hotel, apartments or private.
MAISLER. 513 Larkin st.
MAN and wife wish steady work on dairy:
woman to eoolc. man to milk; no children.
Box 6153. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man. aged 24. with 3 years' experi-
ence in the hardware business, wishes posi-
tion filling orders or selling goods: city or
country; best of references. Box 3707. Call.
WANTED — By an experienced and good all-
around married man. Jobbing In hotel cr
rooming-house with references; steady.
Please address* B. F. W.. 841 Filbert at.
YOUNKJ man. 25. knowledge of chickens and
Incubators, desires position or will take,
charge of a chicken ranch. FRANK GOR-
DON. Seal Cove. Halfmoon Bay. Cal. .\u25a0^\u25a0i-, i -
WANTED — Position as first-class blacksmith
and tool dresser; good on Inventions of tools
to reduce labor; a place wanted where a
good mechanic Is appreciated. Box 3Sfto. Call.
STEVDY. reliable young man. with good ref-
erences desires outdoor work, to care lawn
or garden, etc. 72 Pleasant st.. between Sao-
ramento and Clay, off Jones.
YOUNG gentleman would like a position la
fancy bakery or cafe as baker's helper; ha*
considerable experience In the East. Boi
1455. Call office. .
PORTER packer or bandy man: experienced.
seeks any work; wholesale department or
private place: willing worker and competent.
1 Box 3562. Call.
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms or persons to keep; evenings or
Sundays: terms low; Interview requested.
Box 3559. Call. ' \u25a0
AN experienced male stenographer. Remington
or book typewriter operator, desires perraa-
t nent position; state salary. Box 3327. Call.
A STRONG middle-aged man; sober and In-
dustrious: auick and handy; has ref.; for T
years with horses and mules. Box 3343. Call.
COLLECTOR desires position with reliable firm
where honest, efficient service will be ap-
preciated; references. Box 3375. Call.
STRONG, reliable young man wants position of
any kind where there Is chance for ad-
vancement. Box 3594. Call.
YOUNG man. 19. wishes position: must b«
chance of advancement; best of city refer-
ejices. Bo- 3896. Call.
YOUNG man wishes small set of books to
keep during spar© hours. Address^ box 3SIS.
Call office.
POSITION as salesman: sollcltlnjr or office
work by reliable man: speaks English and
German; references. Box 38-31. Call.
JAPANESE wants position; good laundryman:
city or country: nice family; wages $7. K.
IWAOKA. BCB Taylor st. , N
A YOUNG man wishes to learn the electrical
trade- has had some experience; can furnish
references. Box 3371. Call.
COMPETENT, reliable carpenter wlahe* work
by day er contract; city or country. Box
3563. Call.
BUTLER or valet In private family; first-
class In every respect; west of references.
Box 3590. Call office.
EXPERIENCED chaffeur wishes position to
care for and drive owners machine: prefer
new Wlnton. Box 3393. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as sight watchman ©r
Janitor by experienced man. Box 8837, Call.
GOOD cook, clean, sober and steady. — lahea
situation. Box 3842. Call office.
GARDENER and florist, capable ortakln*
charge of estate: references. Box 3S9fl. Call.
A NO. 1 sober cook for lunch place. O. Q..
211 Minna st. ' '
A TAILOR wants a position as a cutter «nd
coatmaker: city or country. Box 8798. Call.
EXPERIENCED delivery wagon driver desire*
position or will accept any kind of work.
Box 3816 Call.
WANTED Young man wants position: best Of
city references : can do most anything. H.
H. P.. box 38X1. Call. . r
JANITOR experienced, seeks work; office or
bouse porter: references given. Box 3322.
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German barber wants position.
Address M. BOCHOW. e35 Stevenson -t.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pace 44.
4344
KaiI'LOVMEXT WANTED — 31 ALE-— Con
MAN acd wife in hotel or country place; man
painter and paperhangcr; understands repair-
ing furniture; no boorer; references. Box
Sbl2, Call office.
STL'ADV. reliable young man, with good ref-
erences desires outdoor work, to care lawn
01 garden, etc. 72 Pleasant St.. between Sac-
ramento and Clay, off Jones.
IKJKST-CLASS bread and cake baker wants
filiation: city or country. Address A. S.,
care/- of Charles Essel, Call,
aI.L kinds of palmin?; rooms papered $3 50;
tinted. S3; whitened, $2. 951 McAllister et. ;
;-hor.c Fell 2051. I
A XC. ] cook for lunch place. Q. Q.,
•?U Minna st.
POSITION wanted by respectable old gentle-
ma'i as bartender In country hotel or road-
lious< \u25a0; sober, steady and reliable: wages no
«.bj«*ct: good references. Box 3781, Call.
WANTED — rcsition first-class chauffeur In
private laniily; can furnish references. Ad-
dress JOS. J. WAMPACH. Hotel St.
James, corner Bush tt. and Grant »ye.
CARPENTER — Foreman, first-class mechanic,
withes to take chares of work for private
parties: those that want to build residences
fr flats; city cr country. Box 3743, Call.
EXPERT accountant wants email set books
f or firms or persons to keep evenings or
Sundays; terms low; Interview requested.
Box SKA Call.
£;.BEK, industrious man. middle-aged, wants
.situation: private place; house, garden, etc.;
ca:i do plain cooking; references; wages $20.
Box 3756. Call offlcf.
A VOI'NG, active married man, age 30, does
«ry kind of work, r.ot afraid of work, wishes
tte'ady employment. 2011 "4 Hyde St., or
box 3754. Call office.
WANTED — Work of any kind by man 40 years
01 age; has been a Government clerk. THOS.
M. EEHON. general delivery.
YOUNG Gcraan, 21 years, wants situation;
private, etc.; any kind of work; reply please.
Pcx 37SC>. Call office.
TOi;NG rr.an. business college graduate, would
like a position In some office as assistant
bookkeeper. Box 3744. Call;
WANTED — Position by flrst-ciass confectioner;
city or country. Address A. S., care of
'"HARLES E.^SKLL. Call.
KISITIOXB wanted by mar. and *tlfo aa cook
and chambermaid; city or private place; re-
liable. Bex 3740, Call office.
S*QCKG man, 2S years tld, wants to learn
painter's trcde, sign or house. Address box
::713. Call office.
POSITION of any kind wanted by aa honest,
reliable r.iar.; har.dy with tools and ex-
perienced driver. Box 5779, Call office.
BARBER, young married man, wants steady
poF'tlon; **• years in last place. Box 3772.
Call office.
CAIvPEN'TER (first-class) war.ts work; day or
contract; old houses sbingled. W. M. PEAR-
CQN. 4S Ea-'t »t.
YPL"NG man desires occupation on poultrj-
ranch. JOLLT. 2137 Ceatrr St., Berkeley.
GERMAN hou?:ecleancr wants houae and win-
dow cleaning. A. POHLSEN. 706 Van Ness.
A JAPANESE wants position to do waiting at
table and housewcri: or hxll boy: has good
references $0 up a week. FRANK. 703
Laikin Et. : tel. Eset 5770.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position as cook
v.ho has much experience In cooking and
housekeeping economy; $30 month. UCHI,
12KB Larkin et.
EXPERIENCED first-class Japanese cook
wants tjcs'.tion ia city family; has refer-
ence; $7 or $8 week up. KIME, CO4 Du-
pont st.; Japanese atore; phone Black 4541.
A JAPANESE strong man want 9 position to
4<j any kind of work; speaks English well.
H. MCRI. 509 Bush St.; phone Main 3605.
JAPANESE experienced cook wishes position
In a pmall family; $6 week. 11. T.. 1304
Poyt st.
GOOI> Japanese boy wants a position as cook
In family. H. TAOKA, -iol Jessie st. ;
phcne South 11C1.
JAPANESE want? work ir.ornlnr or evening
on":> ; room cut. G. ALZA. care House Clean-
ing. i<ls Geary.
JAPANESE; r-!aJi cook and houfework;
city *ir country. GEORGE. 703 Larkin st.;
tel. Fast <7T'i
JAVANESE, wash the kitchen, wall man.
KING. -;:>2A Halrhtvit.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
anj housework. 849 Bush st.; tel. Black I<J9O.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, war.ts situation
in gun c'.ub. Addregs F. S.. 2ySA O'Farrell.
A JAPANESE schoolboy war.ts a position. 710
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASP Ch!r.eee cook wants position In
' private family; no v.-asning. SING LEE. '
ICO.' Stcckton et.
CHINESE first-class cook wants position In
hotel, restaurant or boarding-house. WONG
VOW, SOO Dupor.t fct.
CHIN::>'E boy. Orst-dan family cook, wants
portion. s-_'2 Dupcr.t st.
FI.VAXCIAL.
2>x' SHAKES Marconi Wireless Telegraph Co.;
$."> per share.
Ptock in fan Jcse Cremation Association,
9000 starts, at ?10.
5u shares Central Eureka Mining Co., at
f 1 TO.
100 shares Union Sugar stock, at $40.
GWiO 5 per cent Turlock Irrigation bond*
at ftS, if celled for within 5 days.
W. E. BARNARD, 476 T«nth St.. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
540— POLK, li-27. near Jackson; 8 r. and b.
$4? — Webster. 115«, cor. Eddy; 7 r. and b.
fW— Lajruna. 2523, nr. Union; 8 r. and b.
t*:>s— Fill more, 11)29. nr. Golden Gate; " r. & b.
$:"J 50 — Siicramento. 3303, nr. Presidio aye.; \u25a0
7 1. and h.
£27 50— Scott. 4C4. cor. Fell; 6 r. and b.
*-s—Turk.5 — Turk. 10C5. cor. Steiner; 6 r. and b.
SCO — Noe. 2528. cor. Beaver; 3 r. and b.
$12 50 — Myrtle ay. 559. nr. l.apuna; 3r. &b.
Apply LANDGUEBE. MacNEVIN & JONES.
3.14 Bush st.. b<-t. Keamy and Montgomery.
TVALLER. 1724. near Park entrance — Moaern
sunny flats, ."{, 4 aad 5 rooms and bath; rent
$11. $17 and 524.
TWENTY-FIFTH. H478. .near Valencia — 4
rocir.s and bath. $l«j; private trntranee; an
upper sunny flat.
MINNA. lOCS, near Eleventh — 4 sunny rooms,
rent $15: 70 Elgin Park aye., above Valencia, |
2 sunny rooms, rent $10. '\u25a0
$22 50— C .SUNNY rooms; nlJ.ile rut; tlnttd; ]
marine view. ISC3 Filbert *t., between Oc- |
tav la and Lacuna.
MOXTCAI.iI, ?,(«). Misyior— New 5-room upper
flat. !>ath; modem; rent $14. IcquJre 1989 !
Geary *t. /
EU9QAMT modern lower flat. 6 rooms, bath,
liasemer.t. 4184 Seventeenth St.. near Cas- I
tro-st. carF. ,'% ,
BEAUTIFUL new flats; Just finished. 6 rooms i
and bath: electric lights. $30. ltt4s-9 Fol- |
fora rt,, near Twelfth.
$25— SCltary flat: 5 r. sjid b. ; yard, basement.
238 Wlltow aye.. off Van Ness. bet. Eddy
aui Ellis.
HALK month's rer.t free; come and Bee those
beautiful flats. 4 rvrr.s and bath; $18, $20.
2~'M to 2700 Frariklin st. ; marine view.
BRODERICK. 143. near Haight— Modern B-
room fiat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tiic lights, etc.; owl cars; rent reasonable.
TV.-ENTY-KOUKTH. 2525. near Church— New.
modern flat. 5 rooms and tath; newly tint-
ed; rent FM.
ISKP.RITT, 2i. bet. 17th and ISth — 5 rooms and
bath; newly tinted; rent low; take Eight -
eenth-st. |car.
MONTCALM. 302— New sunny flat, 5 rooms
fizii bath; cheaa rent. SAGE. DEALT &
CO., t3S Market at.
PAGJ-:. IC47 — Elegant modern lower flat, 6
rooms ami bath. SAGE, DEALT &CO C*;s
Market st.
I3ITSH. 3«51 — Upper flat, 7 rooms. $S5; middle
flat. 4 rooms. $25; basement flat, 4 rooms, $15.
5 Wh 'MS; all modem Improvement*; rent
fl5 SO. 2GG7B Post rt.
MASONIC are.. 1227. near Haight — Cosy five-
room flats; reasonable.
cnr.NEin Sixteenth and Castro — Upp«r H
r«-<»?ns; nice vl?w; sonny; rent satisfactory.
ATiMY, CSCS — Two lower flats, 4 rooms and
liath.
$17 — CORNER upper flat. 5 eunny rooms and
bath; tinted. 2330 Twenty-sixth et., nr. Capp.
Sl-'XNY upp<>r flat. 3057 California st. ; rent
?25: dirt cheap: owner on premises to-day.
CLAYTON, 410 — t"unny. lower flat 5 rooms-
large yard; near Panhandle.
T<> !ct— Swell flat of 8 rooms. 2043 Mission
Ftryyt. -
SIXTEENTH. 2911-27. near Howard— Desirable
flat*. 6 rooms and hath each: rents 522 50.
HAIGHT. 1104-72, t<ar Baker— New modern
flat*. 7 end X r- and h. each; rents reduced.
112— NICE lnrpe rurny 3-rc-om flat. 1322 Jessie
f... rtear Valencia.
VAN NESS «ye.. 220—5 runny rooms, $35; and
S room*. $50; water fre*.
112 CO— SUKKT « rooms. CS Ivy aye., near
Van Ne»»ave." and Hair* «t.
1 FLATS TO LET — Continued.
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling is listed in
1 our renting department. Combined lists from
. 25 of the largest agencies. Saves a world ol
: time aad trouble.
Service <s absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market et.. opposite McAllister.
! AA A— COMPLETED LIST OF ..HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming- houses; our
renting department Is free of all; we can find
you a home In any part of the city ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask yen to buy or even look at the goods;
u*e thin department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
st. (on th» square). .. • ' \u25a0
5 ROOMS, bath and wash cubs each, US-US "4
Perry, near Third and Harrison; 89-41-43
Langton. 4 and 5 rooms, bath and wash tubs,
new. clean and convenient: 711 Harrison, 4
rooms; 657 Jessie, near Seventh, 6 rooms.
$22 — UPPER sunny flat. C rooms, porcelain
bath, wash trays, sanitary plumbing, Inclosed
porch arv' yard: handsomely painted and
papered. 3222 A Eighteenth st., near Folsom:
open for inspection.
FIFTEENTH and Shotwell — Elegant new 4-
room flats; rents $20, $22 50 and $24. Open
for Inspection to-day from 1:30 to 4 p. in.
CENTER & SPADER, 11 Montgomery st.
PRESIDIO aye., 325. nr. Clay— Modern upper
flat of 8 rooms and bath: rent $27 50. YON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 Cali-
fornia st.
CORBETT aye., 858. near Aehbury — 1 rooms
and bath: suitable for small family; every-
thing convenient; oil cloth and stove can
remain; <U: 18th-gt. care, get off Corbett.
NEW sunny seven-room flat, NE. cor. Devlsa-
dero and Lloyd sts.; half block south of
Waller; elegantly finished and overlooks the
entire city; rent $45.
HALF month's rent free; come and see those
beautiful flats, 4 rooms and bath, ?20; only
two left. 2736 to 2756 Franklin st. ; marine
view.
BRODERICK, 2523. nr. Union — Modern, sunny
flat. 7 room 6 and bath; rent reduced. YON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California.
ELLIS. 1334, nr. I^puna — New upper flat of 7
rooms and bath; rent reduced. YON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 313 California st.
NE. CORNER Golden Gate aye. and Central
aye. — New up to date flats Just completed;
gun In every room /rents $25 up. _^\
DESIRABLE 5 rooms, bath; new. sunny. 643
Central aye.. bet. Fulton and Grove.
CALIFORNIA. 3004^4 — Lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath; rent reduced; If suited see landlord.
A BEAUTIFUL upper flat, 7 sunny rooms;
rent reasonable. Corner Jackson and Larkin. ]
BZ'NNY upp*r flat, 6 r. and b. ; fine, new,
modern plumbing; rent $30. ' 70S Pine st.
A NEW middle flat: 7 rooms; 2 toilets; up to
date; owl cars. 2023 Oak at.
BEAUTIFUL location; Hayee and Stanyan; G.
G. Park; 4. r. flats, "(25; new, ready this wk.
ELEGANT sunny middle flat; 10 rooms, bath.
878 Edfly et.. near Van Ness aye.
LYON. 22-37. between Page and Halght— Nice
light sunny flats of 7 and 8 rooms; rent reas.
NICE eunny flat, 5 rooms. ISI7 Powell st. ;
rent $20. .
SUNNY upper flat. 8 rooms and bath; fine or-
der. 501' Dolores St., near Nineteenth; $18.
SUNNY upper flat. 5 rooms and bath, $18. 25
Langton St., ne*r Howard.
TWENTIETH. 3652, near Guerrero — New, mod-
ern upper flat, 5 eunny rooms and bath.
UPPER new modern flat, 8 rooms; air sunny;
grand view. B2S Oak st. near Webster. •
$15—240 TOWNSEND St.. opposite S. P. R. R.
depot: 4 rooms and hath.
HAIGHT, 1061. near Baker — Nice sunny 6-
room flat, facing Buena Vista aye. and park.
GROVE, 715 ii — A fine sunny flat; 7 rooms,
bath: key at 715 Grove - st.
GREENWICH. 1827—5 rooms, gunny; bath,
gas. stationary tubs; rent $16.
BROADWAY, 1255. nr. Hyde— Sunny flat, 3
large rooms; sanitary; fine lawns; $S to $11.
$25 — SUNNY flat of 6 rooms, bath, garden;
adults. 2719 Pine et.
NEW sunny B-room flats; separate large yard;
tinted; $20; near park. 557 Third aye.
$23— NORTHEAST corner Pine and Stelner
sts.; 5 rooms and bath.
$17 — CORNER upper flat; 5 sunny rooms and
bath: tinted. 3336 Twenty-sixth st., nr. Capp.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
N. E. COR. Octavia and Bush — Sunny, com-
pletely furnished 10 rooms and bath; open for
inspection to-day from 10 to 4. . - .
FLAT of. four rooms, comfortably furnished;
very reasonable. 112 Lily aye., near Gough
siret-t. v . . .- --
NEWLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room flat;
will sell or rent cheap. 2152 Broderick st. •.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURMSHED.
NEWLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room. flat;
will Bell or rent cheap. Box 3759. Call office.
FURXITIHE FOR SALE. ~
ALMOST given away : unredeemed storage pi-
anos and .fur. Whitehead'e Storage. 1636 Mkt.
_*OL R -!1!2L UK E __J VA >~ TED «
A — PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture,, car-
p»ts. piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
st, bet. 9th and 10th. paying big money for
lurniturt, etc. Phcne South 17S.
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc
HENRY MAYER pay* highest prices for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel Bush 813
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market St.. phone Jessie
761. pays cash and buys everything.
"HELP WASTED — FE3IALE.
2 COOKS. Asoerican families $45-$35
6 cooks, German families $30-$35-$45
2 parlormaids, city $30
Cock, delicatf-ssen ijjrjO
Cook, small hotel, city $33
2 second girls 525
Maid and seamstress $;;o
Chambermaid, private family y25 |
2 butlers, city .$4O-SSO I
Chambermaid and waiting, country $25 j
; Cook and second girl, eamc house $/!0-$25 I
2 nurse girld, city ;....,. .$2O-$25 I
i 4 housework jrirls for Berkeley $25-)j.1O j
Housekeeper for man and child ......J2O 1
j Also a large number of general housework
1 gills, city and country, too many to adver-
i tise. Call tarly Monday.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3T.4 Sutter at. :
A NURSE for an invalid lady... ...$2O
A nurse for 2 young infants ..t>:!0
A French chambprmald, piivite family j;5,)
A waitress. and parlormaid, city $:;o
l A waitress and parlormaid, San Mateo. .. .$3O
A first-class ccok, private family 550
A laundress lor a private ramlly 525
20 housework girls for city and country, $20
to $'X> a month. MISS PLUNKETT, 428 Sut-
ter fct.. near Powell.
WANTED— 2 girls, cooks... $.".0
2 girls, general housework ....$25
3 glrl£. general housowork $20
2 housekeepers, German • $25
1 small girl $13
Apply MRS. LOTZ,. Employment Parlor*,
128 Fulton st. .- -
YOUNG Catholic woman as caretaker and
housekeeper, $35; references. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 42$ gutter St., near Powell. \u25a0"
LADIES— I want all to know of the splendid
opportunity I can give any woman whereby
she can actually turn her spare time into
money. The work is very pleasant and will
eaMly pay $18 per week. There is no de-
ception about this. No experience is neces-
sary. If you really want to make money,
write to me at once. Address HARRIET M.
RICHARDS. ) box H, Jollet. 111.
GIRLS to lean: halrdre:sinz. manicuring. ma«-
»«ge. etc.. from A to Z, in 1 mo. for V> to
those entering now; 7 portions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: day and evening
claw. 234 Post at., room 17. second floor.
VVAXTED- GlrU to learn millinery for fall; 2
wason* from start to flnnh In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
new for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 16. 2d floor.
LEARN hairdressing, facial maskage, manicur-
ir.g.scalp treatment, hair work,r«noval super- .
fluous hair; day, eve. classes: portions walt-
Infr: $10 week v.p. 210 Powell, r 2-3. 2d floor.
LADIES, learn halrdrepslng and manicuring;
special terms; day and evening class;- only
'up-to-date college In city; situations guaran-
teed. MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 405
Pcwell «c
LADIES— We do «hatnpoo:nK, manicuring and
halrdrfssing for 10 <-c :; ;s; open evenings:
flr«t-clp.M work. 4C5 Powell st.
ALTERATION hands for jackets suits, cos-
tumes and ckirts; 2 experienced fitters and 3
stock -girls; also 2 operator*, electric power;-
permanent position and good salary. Apply
cloak and suit department, WHITE HOUSE.
WANTED— Experienced millinery saleswomen
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
CASH glrla wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' « - - '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, OCTOBER: 15/ 1905.
HELj^WAVTEl>^ra^l^B~^[mHn«ed
A— CENT. CALi BMP. C 0..358 O'Farrell St.
Male and Female Help. Phone Main 3428.
Millinery trimmer and saleswoman, sl2 50 wk.
Assistant matron young woman, $20.
Maid to lady living In. hotel, $30. \u25a0'.: *
4 housekeepers, one Nevada, \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0s2o each.
3 parlor maids and waitresses $30.
6 second girls, two Oakland, $25-$3 O.
French second girl, $25.
3 German girls, 2d wk.. care children, $28.
4 infants' nurse*, $20-$25.
Nurseglrl. 2 grown children, travel. $25.
French or German governess,' knowledge of
music, $30.
2 cooks. Institutions, $35 each.
Lunch counter waitress Richmond, $30. •
Cook, mining boarding-house, $30.
Girl, housework, San Rafael, $35.
SO housework girls, city and country, ?25-$3O.
2 family cooks, one German, ,$4O.
5 family cooks, $35. \u25a0
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES3ART;
GOOD PAT; STEADT WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 3214 FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIB. ?\u25a0' "
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work; Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1878 Mission
ft., bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW. .
BRIGHT GIRLS. ABOUT 16 TEARS OF AGE.
TO LEARN SHIRTMAKING, WITH A
FIXED AMOUNT GUARANTEED WHILE
LEARNING. STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
TORT. COR. GOUGH AND (GROVE STS.
WANTED^-Flrst-class saleslady for our cloak
department; only those who have had experi-
ence In cloaks and suits need apply. Call be-
tween 0 and 10 a. m., Monday, 'MAGNIN &
CO.. 43-53 Ellis st. __^
ALTERATION hands on tailor-made suits,
jackets and skirts; also operators; good pay
to experienced help. Cosgrove Cloak and Suit
Company, 3?5 Post st.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. m.. 21C Bush st..
third floor.
WANTED — A young lady of good appearance
for reception room of • photo studio; must
have knowledge of photo printing. Address,
stating salary expected, box 3540. Call.
WOMAN during the day for 2 or 3 weeks and
assist lady with housework and do small
washing for Infant. Call 2515 McAllister st.,
\u25a0 near Stanyan.
WANTED — Alteration hands on coat? and
suits. Call STRAUSS' & FROHMAN 107
Post st. '.
NEAT girl to assist in general housework in
family of '>: good home; wages $15- refer-
ences. 402 Halght st.
UPSTAIRS girl; also sewing and waiting at
table; nages $25; references necessary. Call
1955 Clay st.
AN energtic woman wanted for saleswoman
position; opening offers advancement to as-
slstant manager. Box 3833, Call office. •
LADIES wanted to sell an easy gelling, good
. paying article for San Francisco and sur-
roundlng towns; no young girls. 319 Oak et.
WANTED — Competent French girl for upstairs
work. Call this afternoon, Monday or Tues-
<v day morning, 1998 Broadway. • .
WANTED — Toung woman to do outside mail
order buying. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Jacket and skirt hands. PRAGERS,
Market and Jones sts. -
WANTED — Experienced mangle hands. Apply
at United States Laundry, 3111 Sixteenth at.
WANTED — Waist hands and Improvers.
MULRONEY, 110 Geary st.
GOOD waist trimmer and apprentice or Im-
prover at once: steady work. \u25a0 715 Sutter st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1621
Fulton st. , N "
WANTED — Girl for general housework. 'Apply
lfiltt Fell st. -
OPERATORS on ladies' underwear to work In
factory. 056 Mission st., third floor.
OPERATORS on children's wear' to work In
factory. C 56 Mission St.. third floor.
ERRAND girl to do shopping. Apply WORM-
SER, IS9 Post st.. room .40. ;:.:: \u25a0' .
GOOD assistants on dressmaking. WORM-
SER, 139 Post St.; room 40.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands wanted. Apply
WORMSER, 139 Post St., room 40. . ';
A NURSE girl and upstairs work; $15. 233
Third aye., Richmond District. . ,-'
WANTED — Stenographer with experience 'In
real estate business. Box 3SS9, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS skirt finishers wanted. 7C6 Sut-
ter st. . • - \u25a0 \u25a0
TTPESETTER wanted on an old-established
wekly:. steady; $10 per wek. 51C Commercial.
WANTED — A German girl for upstairs work
and children. Call Monday, 3001 Clay st.
WANTED — Finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits. Apply L. HORWITZ, 230 Sutter st.
BT. young couple,, girl for ', light housework;
sWp home. e2O Turk st.. apartments 4o6.
COMPETENT, reliable girl for housework:
plain cooking: no washing. . 822 Noe st. '
GIRLS and machine hands. National Laun-
dry, . Eighteenth st., above Church. .
FIRST-CLASS waist helpers wanted. . Apply
room 79, 6 Eddy st. . \u25a0
COOK, fcmall boarding-house. ' SB6 Illinois st.
PANTS operators; steady work;'good pay; call
Sunday, 10-12. 121 New Montgomery, r. 5.
WANTED — Saleswomen for various -depart-
ments. Apply superintendent's office. The
Emporium.
WANTED — Cash girls; must be 14 years of
age or- over. Apply, with age and- school
certificate to superintendent's office. Th»
- Emporium. • "> • -- •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0
WANTED — Experienced Jewelry saTes woman
wanted. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m., at
HALE BROS."
ASSISTANT typewriter and stenographer; state
experience, salary wanted. Box 3831, Call.
MIDDLK-AGED woman to care for invalid
i lady; good home; wages moderate; short dla-
1 tance from city. Box 3714 Call, or 1420 Fif-
teenth St.. Oakland.
j LADIES wishing profitable spare time fancy
: work, requiring no experience, or tilent, : call
9 to 5. 1341 Market st.. opp. Seventh.'
GIRLS wanted for bindery, no experience
J nsccsrary Mutual L. &L. Co.. Second and
Bryant Sts.. Bryant St. entrance.-. '
A YOUNG girl to care for two young children:
wages $10 to $12 per month. Call at 375
Waller St., near Fillmore. • .'
YOUNG German girl; care of children and
assist with housework. Apply mornings,
4021 .Seventeenth et. '
WANTED a finisher on coats. - 229- Stevenson
tt^room 5. ' '
CIGARETTE makers wanted at H. BOHLS &
CO.'S, 244 Fremont St. \ • ;\u25a0\u25a0
STRICTLY Ist-class chocolate dipper; steady;
$12 wk. Wilson's Candy store, PaloAlto. ,_
WANTED girl for second work and \u25a0 waitress.
Apply 2410 Pacific Aye. -•\u25a0-
GIRLS wanted to tend store in bakery. 531'
Castro St. ,-.\u25a0\u25a0 -...-. _:
OPERATORS, tuckers and finishers on ladles'
waists; good pay. " JUDA BROS., 320 Mar-
\u25a0ket st. ' \u25a0 ' •,'\u25a0; - .- ,--i.r
CERTIFICATE teacher/ dixtrict school In Cali-
fornia. CALVIN ESTERLY. 513 Farrott.bld.;
WANTED — Girls of 16 ".yeara^end older. A"p-
ply American Can Co., 7th and \u25a0 Townsend.
FIFTT girls wanted for fruttwnrk: good pay.
PACIFIC COAST SYRUP C 0. ..713 Saniome,'
BAH BKRS — Employment and > .Supplies.
WANTED — Bobs "barbers, "California, Nevada, '
Arizona, etc.. I have several: flrat-class bar-
bers on my waiting list anxious: for country
Jobs; write or wire. -H. B.\ GOLDEN, • Mer-
chantß' Exchange bldg., San -Francisco.' 1 -
INDEPENDENT Shaving Parlor— s-chalr shop
: for sale cheap onacount of 'sickness; three-
year lease; rent- $l5; water $1 75; average
guaranteed receipts, $60 per week.:— Address
F. H. R.. Call Agency. San Joae. . j \ • V
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale or renthrea-'
sonable terms; -water paid one month* In
vance. Apply 617 Eighth ': St., - Oakland. '• \;
HAVE $150 cash to invest in barber -shop, city ;
or • country- What have you ' for sale ? ( Box
'6150. Call office, Oakland. -
BARBERS^ — Good shop . and baths : near-city;
great chance If sold at once. . DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Elltsat.
I -WANT to buy 4 or -5- chair-- barber \u25a0 shop;'
wholesale district preferred; particulars... Box
3782, Call office. . - - -.
A-NEAT; one-chair barber shop : .for sale;, rea-
sonable. Address B. Zi. ' WATSOX, ' Monte-
rey,.CaL. ... \u25a0->./--;-.-.'>-.;: ; -'-t < .;v;y.
GOOD non-union 'barber at once; steady work:
18 West San Fernando stJ, Pan Jose, v.v
BARBER shop for sale. 617 Laguna, -cor; Mc-
Allister et. ' " - •'.-•'; '•.--• V"- \u25a0":',-.
BARBERS, ETC.— Continued.
BARBER shop,2 chairs; living rooms in back.
757 >a Brannan. St., near. Seventh."- '-\u25a0 ',--.-:-\u25a0 \u25a0;'
FOR sale— Barbershop. 3 chairs; living rooms;
rent $12. 1153 Howard.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment Of flo«,
; . 628 Clay* et.", near Kearny.'
- Office open Sunday morning. !
FREE FARE....:,.. .....FREE FARE
Santa Cruz, company work, no discount.
10 hammermen. &J '6o; 10 cornermen. $2 50;
10 muckers $2 and your -board $4 BO week;
1 shift boss at $4. .....FREE FARE
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD. X
1 camp cook, $65; 1 camp ' blacksmith, $3 50;
2. rough painters city. $2 50; carpenter. $4 ;
. -20 laborers, fare 50c. $2 50.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton at.— A butler.
$50; indoor servant, $30; gardener, $30; por-
ter for hotel, $30; porter, restaurant, $6 a
week; dishwasher. . club, $30; potwasher,
first-clam hotel, $30 found; .dishwasher, \u25a0$6
a week; dairyman, private place, good but-
ter-maker. $30. eto.
WE want reliable, energetic men to handle our
wonderful stereoscopic views; our stereo-
graphs of the Russo-Japanese war and the
peace conference are coining money for our
\u25a0 man; we photograph every country and every
Important event; fall Is best season for these
' goods. -Call or write UNDERWOOD &
UNDERWOOD. 113 Phelan bldg., S. F.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st.— Cooks,
waiters, butlers, gardeners, dairymen, milk-
ers, butter-makers, farmers, bellboys. Jan-
itors, potwashers, vegetablemen, dishwashers;
at going wages. , \u25a0•' \u25a0.- \u25a0".
WANTED — Men and ' women to prepare for
departmental clerk, railway mall service,: In-
ternal revenue and other Government posi-
tions. Apply Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute, 1095 Market at. >
TRAVELING salesman • for the coast: staple
line; entirely new Inducements to trade; high
commissions; $25 weekly advance; permanent
to right man. F^ C. FARLEY CO., Detroit,
Mich. \u25a0
'WANTED — Merchandise man for mall order
work; must have had bookkeeping experi-
ence; state age experience, -where previously
\u25a0 employed \u25a0 and salary expected; g<k>d position
for right party. Box 3891. Call. '\u25a0----
WANTED — First-class bookkeeper. ,and sales-
man for merchandise store:- country; $100;
references; also a window dresser for coun-
try store, dry goods, $100. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., COS Sacramento st.- \u25a0'
GOOD all-round hotel cook wanted at once for
position In country h6tcl; good wages: steady
place. Call to-day.'(Sunday) before 1 P. m.,
room 318 James Flood building. ,-.
WANTED— Experienced salesman . for retail
store. .Appljv. Monday between 9:30 and 11
o'clock, Great American Importing Tea Co.,
4S Market st.. upstairs.
WANTED — liright youns man, between 19 and
21 years, In real estate office to solicit rent-
als; imi:-?t be a hustler; good references re-
quired. Box 3792, Call.
WANTED — At Ehreve & L'o.'s factory. Bryant
and Zoe sts.. between Third -and Fourth,
apprentice!" between the ages" of 14 and 16
to learn the trade. -
INTELLIGENT boys and girls- to do a little
pleasant work evenings; can make 25c an
hour. Particulars for stamp, MARY PENT-
LAND, Carnegie, Pa. \u25a0 .. ;
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to. tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing-; good-pay. -Sun Adv.. Bureau, Chicago.
WANTED — Cash boys. 14 years of • age; apply
between B and 9 on Monday. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. Powell and Ellis sts.
WANTED — Experienced salesman.' for men's
furnishing goods;- only exoerienced.men need
apply. S. N. WOOD & C 0... 740 Market st.
MEN wanted : to tack signs, distribute circu-
lars samples, ; etc. ; permanent; ' good pay.
AMERICAN. UNION, Pontiac bldg., Chicago.
MIDDLE-AGED man, Portuguese, to do chores
and assist on 'fruit ranch, near city; steady
'job; fair wages.' Apply 1003, Call bldg.
WANTED — Young man, experienced candy
maker; must be eober, reliable, willing to
work In store. Address box 13, Oroville, Cal.
TAlLORS— Coatmakers wanted '• for the coun-
try': good places: steady Jobs. ARNSTEIN,
SIMON &. CO.. Market and Second sts.
YOUNG man to work a short time' each day In
exchange'for a bookkeeping" or- shorthand
course. S. F. BUS. COLLEGE, .738 Mission.
WANTED — First-class, window dresser and
card writer; none other need apply. S. N.
WOOD &CO., 740 Market st. t
WANTED — All-round country printer; n/ist
understand Job work and presses and wtork
i presses. "Sausalito News. • \u25a0 ' --V / ;
BOY from 14 to 16. with talent' for drawing, to
learn process work; $4 a .week. to start.' Box
3564, Call office. : - •-. \*
WANTED — An- experienced gardener; perma-
nent position: -Mnson. •\u25a0 McDUFFIE COM-
PANY. Berkeley." -' ,;•.--
EXPERIENCED. . drapery salesman wanted.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m". at HALE
BROS. -..._....-. -.-.». — ,-,_.£.. \u25a0
BRIGHT • boy Vl5) - to, answer"' phone and learn
business; fine opportunity. -.80x, 3877. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers. ~ ', Box 3576,
Call office. . ' \u25a0 . \u25a0;- \u0084 . /;
FIRST-CLASS. ladles'- tailor; wanted. 700 Sut-
ter st. -.v-.'. .\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . ;..\: \u25a0\u25a0- -' ?.',
WANTED — Competent- male -stenographer as
clerk In law office.. Box 3S7S, Call. .
DETECTIVES to "learn- the business; money
made while learning. l!0t-. Montgomery, r. 204.
WANTED — YounK- man with sonic experience
in real estate office. . Box.; 3888.'. Call.
WAITER wanted .for city .".position; steady;
good pay. ' Call -room .318 Jas. Flood bids.
WANTED — For office. \- young/ 4 man about 16.
Apply in handwriting.- b0x, 3841,: Call office.
BOY to learn blacksmith 'trade. '.22 Cortland
' avenue. * . \u25a0 ' ' ,- ' ' \u25a0 • '
PLATEN, press feeder wanted.', 520 Market st.
BOY wanted— l 4 to 16 years. -Apply Monday,
-4HI Parrotf^buildlns.V ,-;..' "-.>--..
BOY wanted to wash dishes. •; 206 Leavenworth
St.; between Turk and '- Eddy:. .'-
BOT wanted at Boyson's drug store. Twenty-
first and ' Valencia 'sts'. \_/- '
FIRST-CLASS ccatmaker wanted to work ln-
s:de. LINDNER BROS;, 208 Sutter Bt.
JAPANESE . boy;<- must* sptak. fair English.
Call after 0 a. m"., 105."} Market' St.. upstairs.
BUSHKLMAN wanted. Apply CHAS. LTONS.
London Ta!10r,7721 Market. St.- ,
FIRST-CLASS boys' clothing salesman. Box
(U52. Call "office.* Oakland... .;:;,
SOPRANO and tenor amateur quartet Monday.
Room CO, 214 .Pine 'st. : -." ' \u25a0'\u25a0''.:
PANTS operators; steady_wprk;_ good pay. 121
New Montgomery Bt^.^ room 5 ;~ call 10 to 12.
EXPERIENCED salesman for men's clothing
i department. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740
1 Market st. '. -;.'..£~ .'•._\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0". "
SPECIAL delivery boys- wanted. Apply between
9 and; 11 a.'m.yet HALE.BROS.'
STOCK boys wanted. Apply '• between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE -BROS.' : ?
INTELLIGENT, all-around I boiler-maker and
boiler-maker's* helper for-out ?of- town work;
give references.,' 80x.3817, Call office.
EXPERIENCED 'boy, wanted* to-: tend bar and
grocery: strictly, temperate; references. ' !Ap-
' ply 1572 Fifteenth st. .•.:\u25a0\u25a0-.;\u25a0•
.WAGON boys -wanted. Apply -Superintendent's
office. The Emporium.' •.-. - ' •'- - -
BRIGHT boy for -printing:; office.; LEVINGS-
TON.'S4O Clay.gt.-" -' -,; V
WANTED — A good ' pruner fpr~ sniall . orchard.
\u25a0 Apply after 2 o'clock. Palace -of Art. 16 Poet.
WANTED — All. salesmen, and -salesladies seek-
ing 'positions', are' requested .to.', call at the
. \ Retail*. Clerk. Headquarters,' and: Employment
/Bureau. 1148 Market st., near' Sixth, between
' 12. and 2 .or 5 and 16 p.; m:." -' -'-'. .-/\u25a0 '"\u25a0
MEN - learn ': the barber trade* In : BV weeks; tul-
" tlon earned .-while learning; situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date^colleges in America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM .COLLEGE. 644 Clay at.
WANTED — Laborers ; and . mechanics '. to - kAow
- that -Ed- Rolklh,- Reno "House, proprietor, has
\u25a0added 100 new- rooms- to -the Denver House.
217- Third st. : 250 rooms, 25c •to 50c per night.
BOYB wanted;"not;over.-16' years; ; good chance
to advance:, i Apply ' MR. S BOG ART, room 5,
Telephorie- bldg.,- 216 -Bush: st. \u25a0•.-•>\u25a0 '
WANTED— By 'high-class : magician. "> men jto
learn profitable side •\u25a0 business^ or'profession. .
"- Prof.- LORNE., 1225 Geary; hours'l-3 and 7-8.
WANTED — Men i to ': fill J«00 1 rooms :'at 1 20 c per
night; -clothes, closets halrv mattresses. dec-
1 trie light lnievery > room.".CSl Upward, nr. 3d.
WANTED— Dryer ; - and -, cleaner;- !gcod pay;
; , steady job. :\u25a0 1627 -.'Grove St.. « Oakland.
' ACTIVE. I / trustworthy* men ! of- : : good i address,'
"capable of presenting. the ."New-International
- Encyclopaedia/ v ; People/ are' Interested and
' an opportunity. ls offered to make. big money;
, previous 'experience; not \u25a0 necessary : ; we • train
\u25a0 and fit each \u25a0 man . for the work 'assigned him
j Call lor \u25a0 address DODD,' MEAD j1 1 CO., 548-
649 -Parrott 'bullding, v San .'Francisco.-; , ?
WANTED — -'At': once, good,* live' ; canvassers to
: represents us -- throughout * California; large
~ commissions . paid; complete outfit furnished
- free; -.good • t for \u25a0= right < party. .'- For
full particulars address OREGON NURSERT
- CO.. Salem. Ore. ."-..T \u25a0.*•\u25a0\u25a0' : r-' i- — : ~
\u25a0 WA NT)*D-^Men-» to v-learn' barber » trade; • new
\' methodiUultion-earnefl', while ;!earjilng:;po*l-
\u25a0' tion guaranteed 'after: 8 weeks. GILLMAN'S
' BARBER 'COLLEGE. «27 Clay sf \u25a0\u25a0' '"'\u25a0'• '
HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
OPBNTO-DAI
;v ' 7 (SUNDAY) STO 12 A..M. ,
A— MURRAT & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5818.
Our ; Own Printing
Plant issues our free list, of positions four
times dally — 7 a. m., 10 a. m.,
1 p. m., 4 p. m.
\u25a0 i. . . •:';•\u25a0
EMPLOTERS, ATTENTION! -•
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION* OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF TOU WANT
THE BEST HELP": DO AS OTHERS DO —
SEND TOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phone Main 5848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave In 1004 1905 we hope .to
- C 4.000 men work. increase ,04, W0.
LOS ANGELES— S5 — GUEAT CROWD GO-
. ING TO LOS ANGELES, $5.
sfi two-horse teamsters, you'll suit, $60. L. A.
53 hammerman and drillers, $75. L. A.
15 six horse teamsters, $75. ' 1»- A «
192 extra and section gang laborers,
R. R. work. Get tickets to-day, $ 5 - L. A.
Ship 0 a. m. to Los Angeles, $5. v
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
UPHOLSTERER, fare 20c, $2 day.
Wagon-maker, woodturner, city, $3-50 day.
Lime burner, fare $1, $2 50 to $3 day.
Handy man, who can ao little bricklaying,
factory, fare $1 80. you'll suit. $2 25 to $2 50
day.
Cook and wife" hotel, fare 50c, $65 and found.
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 Clay st.
FACTORT— STEADT JOB.
25 laborers for a factory. $2 20 day.
MURRAT & READY. 634-C36 Clay at.
ARIZONA.
Arizona. Government Work.
5 drill runners, $90.
6 tool sharpeners and camp blacksmiths, $90.
Two years 1 Government work;' half rate R.
R. fare. .
MURRAT & READT. 634-636 Clay st.
MILLWRIGHTS.
MILLWRIGHTS.
25 millwrights for a large lumber co.. $105 fd.
SPECIAL LOW FARE.
MURRAY & READY, C*U-(>i« Clay st.
FOREMEN.
4 track R. R. foremen, Los "Angeles, $2 75
day.
MURRAY & READT. 631-036 Clay st
BOY, hitch up and chorea about paint shop,
fare 25c, $3 week and. found.-
2 upholsterers. $2 day. .> ...
. »i plumbers, $4 day.
Teamsters, 2 horses, hay. coal, grain, 'city
wagon, $2 CO day.
2 wagon teamsters, fare 30c, $2 25 day. - .
LOOK.
Cake baker's helper, city Job, $11 week fd.
\ LOOK.
Bottler on Crown soda water machine, $2 50
day. . . -
MURRAT A- READT. 634-036 Clay st.
MECHANICAL. " :
3 cabinet-makers.
12 slack coopers; 6 blanket weavers.
Machine hand, rip aw, $2 25 day.
Tinter,' ?2 50 day.
Gang edgerman, north $55 and found.
Stclker hand, mill, $3 50 day.
0 weavers on blankets.
2 cabinet-mnkers.
14 blacksmiths, horseshoers • floorman. etc.,
$3, $3 50 day.
Sticker \u25a0 hand. mill. $3 day.
5 BRICKLATERS, $5 DAT. .
Painter, city, cabinet work. $3 day. f
MURRAY : & READY. 634-C36 -Clay st.
12 .80Y5, different city factories, $87. $7 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. •\u25a0 *
55 TIEMAKERS— SEE US.
er. woodchoppers— see t's.
MILLMEN AND AMALGAMATORS, $90. \u25a0
ARE TOU MARRIED? ,"
Farmer and wife. Tolo Co.. boss here, $50.
Married coachman, fare 20c. $40. .
Gardener and wife, $50.
MURRAT & READT, R34--636 Clay st
— FREE FARE.":
QUARRIES AND TUNNELS. . '
25 laborers, no experience, ship to-day, 11:30
a. m.. SCO.
lfi drillers, ship to-day, 11:30 a, m., $87 50.
18 header men. ship to-day, 10 a. m., 3 and
5 v. m.," $07 50. r \u25a0 \u25a0' . .
• 12 laborer?, big new quarry, .$67 50.
15 laborers around steam shovel. $67 50.
MURRAT & READT. -634-G3g. Clay st.
INCORPORATED COMPANY." ~~~
SO laborers, build boulevard, $80: fare 60c.
OIL PIPE LINE, SOUTH.
25 laborers; special fare; $4o found. \u25a0
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS."
IS4 laborers, different jobs, you'll suit, $S5,
$75 and $45 and found; call early. 1
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
365 laborers and teamsters, different jobs,
some In San Francisco, $2,- .'s2 25, $2 50
day; come see us. . .>«."..
! FARMS. ORCHARDS, ' ETC. -
65 general ranch hands. $30, $35. $40 fd.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS. -
C 7 men and boys for chores, $15, $20, $25,
i $30 and found. \u25a0 \u25a0 • •\u25a0 .
- DAIRYMEN.
20 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30.
$"5, £40 and found. • . - -„/-
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
335 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit, $35, $40,
$45 and found.
126 experienced woodsmen, millmen, . from
piling* lumber to manager -of mills— and
woods $35, ?40, $50. $00, $70, $80, $00,
«125 month and found: come and see us. : -
STABLEMEN.
30 -stablemen, different jobs, $35" and found
to $60, $75. ' '
IS boys for different trades. $4," $5. $fi week.
12 laborers, pile lumber. nWrt- city, $60. :•
555 LABORERS. 560.
\ BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.',
25 yard laborers, NE.. $G7 50. •
IS men. pile lumber, NE., $76.. - : . \u25a0
Ca laborers, grade railroad. NE., $67 50. .
MURRAT & READT. 634-636 Clay St.
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC. -~*
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS. '
45 cooks, different places, $00. $75. $50, $40
w'aITERSi. WAITERS. WAITERS. .
26 waiter?, different places, $45, \u25a0; $40, $30,
DISHWASHERS. PORTERS, BEDMAKERS.
30 waiters, different places,. $35, . $30, $25,
$20. and found. • . • \u25a0
LAUNDRTMEN— BELLBOTS. •
38 laundrymen, all classes, $3, 92 50, $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys, different Jobs. '
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS. \u25a0 .
Butcher, slaughter-house work,- $40 found. ;
a 6 bakers', helpers. $70, $60, $50, $45, $35,"
$30, §25 and found. . - \u0084 .
Polisher, shirts, cuffs, collars. $13 week. .--\u25a0, .
MURRAT & READT, «i34-ft36 Clay. St.- .
NOT FAR A WAT. NEW WORK/ FREE FARE
25 laborers, board and lodging $450; $80' to
$07 50. > ..•- „ .- '
5 laborers, -no teaming, on ranch,' $26 fd. \u25a0
.TOU CAN DO IT. . . )
15 laborers, build ud FACTORT. $60.
Boy for machine shoo, $1 day.- * •-.
25 laborer*. Santa Cruz. $:io fd. , * ". ]
' MURRAT & READT, C34-C36-Clay.*sU,:
'\u25a0 ' CARPENTERS. " , • : .
25 carpenters, housework, fare $1, ' steady
Job, $3 50 day. . - - •' \u25a0
12 carpenters, special Jobs, special .fare! $2,'
$3 50 day.- ' " ! •
16 CALKERS, WOOD SHIPS. SS'DATI-
15 CALKERS. FREE FARE.' .
MURRAT . & . READT. C34-C3O. Clay .*. stJ , .
OREGON— FREE FARE. , _- ;
05 COAL MINERS. . • ."
SI TON— ARE YOU GOING?- ;
MURRAY & READY.- 634-636 Clay- st- •
: INSTITUTION. " • ' -" ' .
All-round middle-aged handy, man .with tools
for an institution, country. $30' and found,
v NOT FAR AWAY." V -• "
Painter and tinter, city, good, job,.' s3 'and
$3 50 day. . . \u25a0 • c
2 tinsmith-", city work. $2 to $3 day.
NEW) JOB— CARPENTERS. \u0084-.\u25a0'. .',.
12 carpenters, build clubhouses, boss here,
$4 day. . . •: \u25a0*:
LOOK.
Young man, grocery' store, city.- $17.- found. "
Toung man. grocery store, city. $7. to $S wk.'
MURRAY & READT. W34-630. \u25a0 Clay - stj - .
-LOOK. * .'-,: .. ;«. .', ,
Boy. help rainier.- city. $1 day. . - • ..-.-;• . •;
German young man. drive bakery wagon, 10c
fare. $25 and found. . ".•.-.'•- •\u25a0\u25a0 --
Toung man, press feeder, $!> week; \u25a0 \u25a0 - -
PAINTERS, ETC."' '
Brush hands, varnishing chairs, ' etc., \u25a0$2 to
$2 50 day. ; - . v.:
Carriage Dalnter. ?3 day. • ' .\u25a0•'' :'\u25a0
. LOS A"NGELES: ' " . " "-'':•' '.
25 bridge carpenters $00. ' ' .', •
FACTORT BOSS HERE. '.'. '-
25 laborers, large country factory.' *<JO. ' •
BUILD .UP NEW FACTORY . .";,
35 laborers, not. far away, $<iO. ... \u25a0 ,-\u25a0- -\u0084 --
; MURRAY & READY. C.'S4-6r56 Clay st.
COAL MINERS. '
MEXICO. .MEXICO.^:,.
.:-.^-., _ \u25a0\u25a0" '?50 Coal Miners. - <\u25a0 - - .
MURRAY & READY. 634-633. C1ay st.
; TO-DAT. '-.
10 laborers, great sawmill company, $67 50. .
: PLUMBER, -v.
Experienced, . $2 CO . day. -- \u25a0 s
_\u25a0 \u25a0--• . 100k... !\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . ;. ;\u25a0\u25a0 - '
2 carpenters, .manufacturing plant,' fare $1,
$105. -.-\u25a0=--' ----- \u25a0 - ' ' ' -'-• \u25a0:-\u25a0
,' 6 young men or bova to learn 'sash and- door
trade, fare $3. $1 25 day to start. - i . ••-.:
Sticker hand, -moulter machine; "fare $2 60,
-•• $3 50 day.:; ;\u25a0...;. '. .• ; ,".'-;•. r. -.-.---.
;; Turner and band ; sawyer, fare '$2 60, ' $3 50
day. - \u25a0.*..-' '. • ' '
Machine st'eker hand."s.*l day.-" \u25a0 '
CLERKS. LUMBER.> ETC. "
.Lumber clerk,, tally and work' ln yard, $2 50
- \day. -- ".; - '\u25a0/ - \u25a0\u25a0'-' - '-. . \u0084 \u25a0\u25a0 ; -..
B6OTBLACKS. '. --" ' :
4 bootblacks, special smod' Job.- $S 05 week.
-. - « look. ;-;:\u25a0 ;.' ..- -\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .-'
2- upholsterers. . city. good, wages.'-— '\u25a0"-•;"'
: Carpenter, finish work, private Job, r city," $4
day. ,J, J . . \u25a0 • \u25a0'.
SEXTON. ETC.: 1 ,
Sexton n ml rhoreman,- Catholic church/ $25 fd '
\u25a0."\u25a0•".' .', MURRAT & READT, j634^036j 634^036 : Clay st. '
\u25a0-•-.•.,, -\u25a0 . .-.-' ,- - \u25a0 - \u25a0 - . . . .;\u25a0:
HELP WAMTEP- MAJ^E--C<mtlnaea^
~~ LOS ANGELES. J5-.
'25 carpenters, bridge work. *w'- . fc
MURRAY & READY. 634-«3t> nay
TWO plasterers, city. $5 day. -_'(/\u25a0 •
Matcher hand, city mill. $•» day. t
A ..iiau.cal uiau- utsnian. city. #-„„<!
Car.-wa.her. city dairy depot^ **0 f^.t"
MURRAT & READT. 634-636 Clay «.
. . ARE TOU. LOOKING FOR W°I"" \u25a0
Then join the Independent Workmen of America
Why should you Join? .„
Because it is a work!ngm«n'9 corporation
and the main object of this corporation Jl»J l» to
create a better feeling between employer ana
employe, to maintain a house where men and
women of good character can secure the best
positions obtainable. We will open up . lar»e
headquarters shortly, where members can
enjoy home benefits. . „
\u25a0 Preparations are now being made .or large
home in country, where members can acquire
vacations. ,•/-»" „ __—
For further particulars write or can room
318. \u25a0 Jamea Flood building. ____——
WANTED— 3 bright, energetic young men. well
acquainted in city and country, for poslJons
which will pay $3000 per year; references re-
quired. Apply 244 Cross'.ey building, be-
tween - and 4 p. m.
LEARN the barber trade and earn a good
salary new method: free tuition: positions
guaranteed. S. F. College. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED — Boys -of 16 years and older. Ap-
ply American Can Co.. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart at
10 000 WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
army shoes; all Inspected. 105 Third st.
BAILORS and young men (green hands.) for
thlpa. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson at.
LABOR deb's collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 40 2d St.. rm. 522.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r.40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
DAI7TEL wants ISOO men to buy Inspected
Government shoes at G3l Sacramento at.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. nr. Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th* recep-
tion nf advertisements and subscriptions has
bwn or«ned> at ICOS Market* St.. opposite
Fifth. Qpeiruntll'll o. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, 'cor. Duncan & Church sts.
SAI^ESMEN" WAITED.
1
SALESMEN'— To sell as side line the best and
largest line of souvenir post cards published;
our men are making $7 to $10 per day with
pocket line of samples; the demand for sou-
venir, cards Is phenomenal, so get our line
quick and make big commissions easy. 3.
J. AUSTEN CO.. 220 E. Van Buren st.
Chicago. 111. \u25a0
TRAVELING salesman for the Coast; staple
. .line; entirely new inducements to trade;
high commissions; $25 weekly advance; per-
• manent to right man. F. C. Farley Co., De-
troit. Mich. ,
CAPABLE- salesman to cover California with
staple line; high commission, -with $100
monthly advance; permanent position to right
man. JESS H. . SMITH CO.. Detroit. Mich.
WHT carry sample trunks when you can with
pocket \u25a0' sample make $2CO to $400 weekly
commissions. Details of E. L. BROWN, 401
Equitable bldg., St. Loula, Mo.
WELL-DRESSED, clever talker can make $50
weekly ;< no capital needed. Box 3535, .Call.
GOOD salesman wa.nted. Apply .208 Clay St.,
Monday, between 9 and 10 a. m. , i^T \u25a0«
.SOLICITOUS WANTED.
$5 TO $10 per day easily made selling oar cel-
ebrated < California flavoring powders; abso-
lutely pure; non-alcoholic; agents wanted
\u25a0 everj'where; exclusive territory given. LONG
BROS., mfgrs., 1245 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FOUR. Rood work horsee. | $45 each.
2waeons, S3O each.
\u25a0 1 horse and business buggy, $100.
1 road .horse and pneumatic buggy, $150.
1 panel top wagon. . 510 Van Xeas aye.
ONE farm wagon; " sand -wagons; 2 biff plat -
i form .wagons; 2 one-horse express wagons;
one doctor buggy; fine rubber tire runabout;
- all kinds of business, buggies; 5 top wagons
and carts of all kinds. 1503—5 Folsom. st.
JUST arrived from Red -Bluff; 11 head of good
sound; well-broke horses: 1100 to 1500 lbs.
Inquire at Santa Rosa Sales Stable, cor. Mar-
ket and Eleventh, sts. • r \u25a0 i--;-."%.j: ;'
SNAP— SIOo; Studebaker English trap; cost
$425; .iwed 9 months; In line- shape; convertl-
, blc rear, tumbling- front. 675 Thirty-sixth
st., Oakland. - .
FOR sale— A high-headed*' high-llfed, good
traveling bay .horse;-4 years old: gentle for
a lady to drive. Address MRS. JENNIE E.
JACOBS. Belmont. \u25a0•.\u25a0\u25a0--•\u25a0
BIG sound -draft horse. $C 5; good work horse,
$55; -four driving .horses. $15 up: horse, har-
ness, light, wagon. $30.. 37 Croke St., off
Mission, near China aye. \u25a0;'*.
SECOND-HAND, panel; top wagon; Victoria;
rubher tire coupe; Toomey road cart: leather
top carriage and phaeton; cheap at 500 Gold-
en Gate aye. ; also -sets 2.1 hand harness.
FOR sale — 1 datform top beer wasron, 1 doc-
tcr's carriage, 1- 9-can milk wagon. Apply
P. J. -MEHEGAN. 2335 Pine st.
FOR sale — 1375 Eddy. Eclipse Stable, span b.
; mares, fine drivers; b* gelding, 17 hands; blk.
•- geld.'.lC^i handv2 fine drivers, 15H: pony.
FOR .-'sale — A fine hack, for less than half of
' value;" bareatn. 211 Twenty-seventh st.
GOOD.. business and- wagon horses for sale
cheap. :j. TOMKINSON CO.. 75 Minna at.
8 GOOD plow horse* for sale. 575 Folsom st.
FOR sal«»-~-Flne black horse; 7 years old; $135.
1164 Eddy St.-
WAGONS, • bucsles, harness and horses for
sale cheaa at 42C Valencia st.
WANTED — Good rellabh* horse for light
wagon. .- Box 3830, -.Call. ._
FOR sale — Good delivery wagon. 853 Howard
-street. \u25a0 ....'. ili_L
AUCTION sale of . horses, wagons and harness
. every- Wednesday at 11 a. m., 327 Sixth st.
HOUSES TQ LET.
A PRINTED llet of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. 11. UMBSEN & CO.. 2O Montfftny.
FOR rent — C-room house, bath, garden, bam:
yard, for chickens; one block from Goiden
Gate Park, NX. cor. 20th aye. and Ist.: rea-
* ronable- rsnt, furnished or unfurnished, to
..right, people. . -1: _"'\u25a0'
BARGAIN — Sunny bouse; .7- rooms, bath; sun-
•iny yard; reasonable; no agents Box 3SS'-»
. Call office. \u25a0
$17 50- FOR house of 6 rooms and bath; newly
papered and . painted. .112 Hickory aye.
HOUSES TO [,ET—FUR.\ISHED.
FURNISHED house. 8 rooms: new, modern:
.perfect condition; near Washington st. and
'Van.N ess aye. ; very reasonable. Box 3524,
Call 'office. fc ' \u25a0
HOWARD. 2174. near Eighteenth — Finely fur-
•nlshe"a:'t»'r. and "b. ;\u25a0 Mission warm belt; rent
.reasonable: references. /
HOUSES 'FURNISHED — FOR SALB.
'8 FURNISHED rooms and: bath; sunny; very
-. cheap: -SICS: rent $?2 50; good place to rent
out room!«. 421 Sixth rt. -
$400 — TEN .light outside rooms: all rented*
, alst>- nice yard;"' cheap "rent: bargain. 817
\u25a0 , Port at. •-.\u25a0.-• - .
I FURNISHED hou!«e. of 11 rooms for eale: rent
$40, Phone Geary 17C5 or box 3742. Call.
10 ROOMS;- well furnished; nicely located -
s4Cfr. 702 ElUa st. ' -
HOUSES TO LET— SUBURBAN.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house In San Sla-
- t»o' for. rent. Apply to MARY A. LEE.
- Hotel \u25a0 Mateo. \u25a0. \u0084 -. ..-. .
HOUSES TO LET—MILL VALLEY.
SUNNY villa." furnished. 7 rooms, bath. TUR-
N'ER; :n2 Montgomery st. -
J-^-. \u25a0* COTTAfiES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms -and bath; 22d. near
Folsom; large yard; nice and modern.
SUNNT-cottaxe;- 4- rooms:- large yard; base-
ment: rent $U. UCB Filbert st.
COTTAGE.*'! large rooms, basement and large
; yard. . 2105 Larkin st.- \u25a0
-\u25a0-.-\u25a0 ; COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— Modern cottage 5 rooms, bath,. vi-
cinity Golden ' Gate Park or- Presidio. Box
373f1. Call.", \u25a0«.--\u25a0\u25a0 .
' /.' ' ' \u25a0'"-" HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas. Market. Larkin. Haves
kts.— H»art of S. F.; modern! American and
European- plans; electric Jlghts and phone
every >w-om: hot and; cold water: quiet.
",/-"\u25a0'"\u25a0 ' INVALID CHAIRS.
SPJ* 10 *"- rent «d. exchanged : '- manufae:*-^*" »Tlh*
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; toU irLite T75
IXFORMATIOX WASTED.
1
MILLER — Information warded ot FTedirtck
Miller, who In the year 1593 resided at IV.
Capp St.. San Francisco. Cat. by his sister.
Marie SandMoom. of 31» Leocard st., Brcck-
lyn. N. Y.
~~~~~ LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— Th/ followlc? passbooks with ti.% Hl-
bernia Savings and Loan Society, In th«
names of : Frances Tlerney. No. 266-3 SI; id*
C Tlerney, No. 210-432; Ellen Tlerney, Xo.
220-370; Thomas Tlerney. No. 296-608; Bridge;
Curran. No 23i>-563; Ellen Curran. Jfo. 290.
233- James or Ellen Tlerney. No. 131-723.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST A passbook with the Hibernla having*
and Loan Society of San Francisco la the
name of MARGARET BURNS. No. 21S-629
The finder will please return to bank.
Lo=;T— A lady's watch. In Golden Gate Paric.
Saturday, with monogram A. H. B. Return
to 411 East Twenty-third St.. Oakland; liberal
reward.
LOST — Wednesday evening, gold chala and
diamond pendant: S3 reward. Return
CHAS. WHITMORE. IS McAllister st.
$5 REWARD for return ot small bundle as 4
white bull terrier bitch, cropped ear*, to
W M. MORGAN. £37 Brannan st.
lost Lady's gold diamond set watch: mono-
Sprain s. S,: liberal reward. 1335 Mason k.
LOST— Tues. p. m.. small white dog; resemble
fox terrier and spitz: reward. 1043 A Page st.
LOST— Pin "«t in pearls, buckle, aiape. lU-
turn to 1528 Butter st.. room 13: reward.
Tr ,-rp » Persian lamb collarette oa Thursday
l iSh^bSSbe"l2. ro» n «f tro » T.etau'l. Tar-
Jrn to Mason and O'Farrell sts.j suitable re-
wart: bring to 1330 California st.. near
Leavenworth.
LOST— On Powell at.. betwe«n O*FarTeU aad
Eddy or on Haight-st. car. a lady's open-
faced gold watch: initials on back N. S.
Return to 1042 Halght st. and receive reward. y
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco In the
name of ANOELA TOMAZO: No. 229-431.
The Cnder will please return to banlc.
FOtTND — An anchor: owner can have- sama.
1111 Fountain st.. Ahyneda. .
JAPANESE CO.VnUCT LABOR.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-
chopptog. tree pruning or any work: estab. S
yrs. Matsnmoto & Co.. box 123. AlraradOt CaL
LAPXCHE3 FOR HIKE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
'\u25a0t.. for pleasure and business; teL Bash 834.
!UATRI3IO>'IAIi.
RESPECTABLB worklngman of 30 with good
character wishes to meet respectable work-
ins girl; object matrimony. Box 3525. Call.
MAN. 37; Protestant; steady position; dealres
the acquaintance of lady or widow with
means; object, matrimony. Box 3874. Call.
YOUNG business tt"»^ wishes to meet working-
girl cr widow under 30. no Incumbrance;
object, matrimony. Box 3800. Call.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliabla specialist for all re-
male troubles and irregularitle«; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 8 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1002^ Market St.. opposite Fifth.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
•old; price |2 50 by express. Pasteur's 1 syr-
inge and tablets; price $3. By express only
en receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggist 3. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. \u25a0
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities oured in
24 hours; 19 "years* experience without * fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1209 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment: reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities: relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-S. 830 Mkt. sL. suite 37.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021^ Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. SUA Leavenworth it.
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 897.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs:
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
; DR. HOWARD, ladles' speolalUt: relief or no
fee; $10; hours 9 to 9. 900 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2983 Folsom st. corner
Twenty-sixth; ladles, relief or no f«x»: lIP.
r :
Drl LIEBIO STAFFi?reTaiuseum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market at. near Sixth.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
TVorks and Yards. Ninth and Bryant sts. -
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete*
ready for immediate delivery.
%-lnch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
*i-lnch pipe.... $3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-Inch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (now)
l l i-lnch pipe $7 60 per hundred feet (new)
1%-lnch pipe.... $S 00 per hundred feet (new)
".'-Inch pipe... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2»4-tn. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use.l Off
rf-ln. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for u5e.12%0
3 ',4 -in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. lie
4-in. screw pipe CM hd); ready for use. 19c
Send by check, money crder or coin by W.F.
Express Co. with order.
- H. 3. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Bealo st
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
MONEY In correct leather burning: entire lot
of patterns of 8 years' collection for sale,
cheap; missions, anlmais. California designs,
outfits, cushion^ tools, etc.; owner going -
East. Call 702 Powell st., Monday, between
9 and 12. and buy what you want.
JUST received 62 head of dogs and pups of all
kinds; bull terriers up to tit. Bernards; can,
be seen at 113 Haight St.. College Kennels;
degs shipped n» all parts; also doa;s boarded;
best of care given. Phone Park -M 2 .. -. -»\u25a0
LAUNCH 19 f<?et long. 4-foot S-lnch beam. 2
months old. 3 v, -horsepower, modern gasoline
engine; will sell or exchange for larger boat.
HERMAN SCHLEN. 17C0 Hyde st.
2d-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented am! exchanged; sea Sunday papers.
11. S. WHITE MACHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont mt.
FOR sale — -New and second-hand billiard and
pool table*; easy payments; we rent table*
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUN3WICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. C 23 Mission St.. S. F.
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler?, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW., fctJ Main st
A— 2o VARIETIES of thoroughbred fowls anj
eggs. Ingleside Poultry Yards, 807 Mt. Ver-
non ave-. Ocean ,View car to steel bridge.
$3 TO $7 — Singer and other machines: needlea
15c per dozen: oil sc; oil cans sc; 3 spools
cotton 3c. IS7 Slx*h st. N
1 COLUMBUS surrey and rubber-tired phaeton
In good repair. J. A. JONES, Twenty-first
aye. and Twenty-elshth st.
30-H.P. traction engine it>anlel. best make*,
used few times. JOHNSON & HORAN. Wi
Third st. ' \ ,
SCOTCH collie puppies, registered; prize-win-
ning stock; nicely marked. I*. J. ROMER.
114 Pest st
SECOND-HAND gas ranges and heaters bought
& sold: gas and coal ranges, heaters, etc., dis-
connected, connected and repaired. 322 Post.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought
sold and exchanged; power plants In their
entirety bought. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-K gold fountain pecs. 30c; Sheffield hollow-
grcund razors. 60c; selling out our cutlery &
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR. 423 d st.
3-HORSEPOWER gasoline engine, flrst-clasn
running order. PETITHOMME. 1131 East
Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
ELEGANT 3Va-ft. bathtub: 1 20x30 W. E.
sink; 1 30-gal. boiler: combination. S IS. 213
Fourth st
, FOR sate — 2 long hand-embraltlered kimonas
for Infar.t: reasonable. 320 Frederick st.
near Clayton.
COOPE.R. 21 Stockton at. second floor. -
FONY- planer, shaper. planer and matcher.
tennoning and morticing machines. 602 3d.
BOAT, auto, stationary engines. $4O tfp: see
them running: be convinced. 1728 Bryant st
BEAUTIFUL gsatlfl diamond ring. 2 carats.
?U*). PAUL V. GARIN. lit Sutter st.
MAGNIFICENT Dear! and -Hammd c'.iuiter
ring ?100. PAUL V. QARIX lit Sut'?r »t.
ONE good pump and floor waxing iron, rery
cheap. 1211 Adeline St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Gas range, used one month; bar-
galn. 1508 Mission st.
FOR sale— Store fixtures. . 1470 Dolores st.
FOR sale— Jersey cow. cheap. JOSEPH CLU-i
BOS. ICC9 Torid st.. Berkeley, -n/' _"
KpDAK and complete outfit. Apply 75 Ellis
street. . ,
E £? INE Is »tae. 10-foot bed. 3-1-lnch «win#. 602
, Third st.SALE Con.
SOME PITTS EPEaALS
For This Week.
up-io^daTe 11 fUU Mac ° f t Ute<lt *-* most
_, _. STATIONERY.
s^-r ri itlnBr,i tln8r ,, P *" per to beautiful carton
i_ — l latest tints and textures.
X*€r dox ••••••....,.„, 15Co
A «« P!P !f SS f 1 <VacV ac ot ane correspondence paper
>n daintily decorated boxes, per box 25c
OFFICE STATIONERY
And Supplies
In very large line end very choice assortment.
inc.uding lever files, bill Cles. pads, legal
b.axk*, typewriter paper, memorandum books
and blank books of ail kinds; all at small
profit prtces.
THAT MAN PITTS. V
1008 Market St., San Francisco.
_. FOUNTAIN PENS,
Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pens, Conk-
Ma's Self-Filling Fountain Pens. A spe-
cially good Fountain Pen $100
THAT MAN PITTS.
100S M— -ket St., San Francis**).
SHAVING MTTGEk
Very select line 250 up
Fine line of Lather Brushes at. 60c
Good Razor H ones from 25e up
COMBS AND BRUSHES
For Men and* Women.
A Also Pocket Co_bs. Hand Mirrors, Picket
"ryirror*. Tooth and Nail Brushes at little
Trices.
POCKET KNIVES.
Here !s where I excel. My line is top-notch
and embracea all the best brands of the world
Am effering a specially good Pocket Knife,
with three excellent blades, fortified
ends, etag J_ndle«. suitable for lady or
lestlesaa, at $100
Another fine value, with three razor steel
b'.afi^a, and pearl handle; fashionable
fhape and size. Epec'jl at $150
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
* '' '
SCISSORS.
A full and excellent line. Including all kinds
end chapes of Shears, JJuttonhole Scissors, at
2Sc up; Guaranteed Manicure Scissors, at 50c
tp; Embroidery Scissors, at 25c up
THAT MASJ PITTS,
1008 Market st., Baa Frandaeo.
FOB. taJe — Small wine press; lire oak; price
S6. Sl3 Mission et. f '
FOR SALE— 4 freeh milch ©owa. Apply 418
Genesee st-, Sucnyelde.
DUCK, club inembershln for sale; Suisun
marshes. Box SOOO. Call office. '
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. P. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 611 Sansome stT
San Francieco.
SOLID salver tea set. 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth «t.
LARGE show test in good condition. W. A.
PLUMMER. 11l Clay st.
-jA"ILES cf pipe and, fittings, all Elzes, cheap.
"^ EUGENE RILEY _ SONS. 108 Valiejo et.
r^"O tnerrj--eo-nmnds: one miniature railway.
EACIGALUPI. 605 Kearny et.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO., 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEB-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. BULI«ARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MJSCELLAA-EOUS WA^jTS.
WANTED — A PetaJuma or Cypress incubator
ar.d brooder from 150 to 220 capacity; must
b* in Al order; state lowest cash price; also
2 Trumpeter male pigeons. Address P. R-,
'.-14 Twenty-eighth y.. Oakland.
ANY RAGS? ~~
Racs fought In any quantity, for cash, at
the South End Warehouse, corner Second and
Towisend sta.
FINE collection of mineral specimens and
<-'jrjc>s, "exchange for good pJano. Box" 31*72.
CaJl.
A AAAA— Highest prjc_ for ladles' gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
WE pay cash ladies' and gents' clothing. Tll-
•.on's MisSt Parlors. 154 »th; teL Howard 11S7
BUYS any amcunt of castoff clothing, etc
MRS. MORRIS. 834 Folstam; phoce Jessie 446.
\u25a0WANTED — To buy 100, Angora goats. Ad-
cress J. W. SWALES. Hocland.
DIAMONDS, etc. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg- 206 Kearny st.
AAA — TTFTt\f AN' yURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
C—ck settlements; no disappointments.'
Save expenses by dealing directly. * . £
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
\u25a0^ *sta, assignments cf rents, prcperty In trust.
r etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests tn property purchased.
Oourteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money
See HERMJLN MTP.PHT.
ANT s_aried employe cr wage earner can
GET XUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. Setal-Mo. Week.
Sso— .Retsrn to ns $13 35 or $6 65 or $3 35
80 — Return to us 8 00 or 4 OO or 2 00
20 — Return to us 5 35 or 2 65 or 185
15 — Return to us 4 00 or 200 or 1 00
Or any other sum and pay back in proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 600 Rlalto bldg..
New Montgomery and Mlsaion sta.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on
let. 2d or id
Mortgages on real estate
la city, town or country.
Low rale of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton et-, near Market.
2d floor.
Loan* made to ealaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
betes Loans on real estate In probate: life
insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gagee. aegigCßaents of renta. etc.
SJ H[££J loaned* ealaried people without secur-
ity er indorsement, knowledge of employer or
iiy one; confidential and courteous treatment:
caU fcSd gef terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private Pl»«* if_ cb 'f?
liberal advances on or } iB -, itw f}T y ' R^ r }
ncr cent interest Baldwin Jtwc-lry Store,
£s Set st. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. and 1!7 Third st.
__OTT amount quickly on furniture or piano
•# wttho£ removal cr other security; lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. SW>-<
Ponohoe bigg.. 8 Taylor at., corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; *asy payments; large business in 40
j rinclpal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrctt bldg.
/—Lowest rates en real estate. Ist or 2d mortr
jraces Ufe insurance, cr on any security, any
tsTount. O. W. BECKER. SC G-eary. room 36.
ORIGINAL f.ncle Bill— lf you iook for loweEt
rat* cf interest and square deal. Old Flood
blag.. 603 Market, coi>. 4th, »aite 1. est. IS6S.
MONEY, MONEY, MOXXSY.
Any proposition, 49 2d st.. Wells-Farg» Ex-
rretis bldg. Waee-Earnera' ir.\-t. — Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans monty to salaried people
. ' without eecurlty: good U;rms and easy pay-
ments: also en other security, f.07 Flood bldg.
MONKY'to loan at a low rate of interest; gold.
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought et W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
SALARIED people'^ltbout security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. Cl 2 Parrott bldg.
&SY amount, real estate or other security:
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. &.
LOANS — Salsri-d people; "confidential"; 2 per
pent: chattels, etc 450 Montgomery, r. 518.
DoN'T borrow money on eaiary until you see
ug. Hultoo Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank tldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jejwjrr at 2 per cent
me. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. C 33 Kearny.
11-OARVIE ie C 0..720 Market St., loans money.
fZ to SO pr cent of valuation of property.
CAfcH loaned salaried people on notes without
R'-;3orser. MORRELL, 603 Examiner bldg.
mlsicax ixsTKim-yrs.
n large and Increasing renting business ea-
bies us to rent the best pianos !n the city for
2 &0 and $3 per month, eorr.e at ?2; on<
car's rental allowed If piano is purchased.
roTT-CUKTAZ PIANO CO.. S6O-64 Hayes.
Wanted— To rent or buy on easy terms a
large harp, by an expert musician. Harp-
f*te. €19 W. 11th ft.. Los Angeles. Cal.
AN e\*Tß.ni upright piano, good as new," will
be cold to-day at a sacrifice. Call from 8:30
a. m. to 9 p. m.. 564 Valencia.' et. •
MPaICAL iySTRUaiEyTS-.Contl""»d.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English upright, for practice, $55.
French upright, a little better. $65.
A . .A c &l<*ertng. Vose. Sterling, Curtax,
SIi.vJT&5 I i.vJT &^ arnes> Moz »rt. Neuman. from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
FINE square piano; must be sold; leaving
town; $25. 1366 Broadway. Alameda. X l *
H i££, UNG fe 216 . McAll1 «erst..r st.. manufacturer
Hornung Brot.' pianos; agt. Laff argue piano.
KL >?£££S* u £ rJghtli ' new - 2d-hand. $40-SSOO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
CHICKERINO upright, |165. 237 Geary st.
"jff^ B^v^uz^ifeiiT^t^r
K m^t« UPr c?«x P f^S' » old oa * 5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
'"KkiSw.?h! l .! ri ' r up: dickering baby grand.
bhonlnrer little used. Keeffe'i 255 O'Farrell.
NURSES.
W h 4 oS flif I ir Po , sUI ? a "nurse, attendant 'or
coun?^ S er / Or iavall( »; male or female; city.
country or to travel. Box 3743. Call.
_^ OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
607 ' V™** First— 2 floors suitable
t?««V,? »&aufacturing; will arrange ta suit
Port st BALDWTN & HOWELL. 25
F<l ??L, rent r7 EIp gant office suits on second floor;
C s. rn . er Montgomery and Sutter sts.; 7 large
winaows. Apply room 6, 40 Montgomery* st.
MAJESTIC bldg.. 12S1 Market St.. nice modern
offices to let. $10 per month and up.
GROUND floor office. 23S Montgomery et,
with street window and vault room; ?50 mo.
LARGE store with big basement, Clay st.,
above Montgomery. Owner. 636 Clay, r. 1.
-rrs^ .'J^,. - .^fiSONALS.
'.t,*^* "REXRADIO'S PROOFS." • • •
WONDERFUL TESTIMONY" of Mr. C. En-
gleke of the Cal. DEMOKRAT, late owner
and editor of Ca!. JOURNAL, a man for 40
years universally known and respected In
6. F. : -MY RHEUMATISM, which off and
on I had 20 years, at times BEDRIDDEN tor
days and WEEKS was completely CURED
• 4 days ago and still STAYS cured. Last
week I SAW and now positively VOUCH for
the following: MY DAUGHTER'S large
GOITRE nearly all disappeared by ONE
treatment. Mr. Ellwood (1114 Howard) had
LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. which preventefl
RAISING foot or leg, arm DEAD and IM-
MOVABLE, by ONE treatment MOVED arm.
RAISED leg to table top and LEAPED
often. NOTED CITX PHYSICIANS deaf
ear heard distant WHISPERING by one
treatment. Another DEAF . ear heard
WHISPER at 20 feet after I had touched it
ONE MOMENT with a handkerchief which
Rexradlo had CHARGED with his h'd
RADIUM power, though he never personally
came into contact with the patient, who
stood 20 feet from him. PROMINENT PRO-
FESSIONAL man badly PARALYZED, could
not RISE from a chair without two persons
LIFTING him up. also could not raise foot
from floor, instantly ROSE from chair UN-
AIDED and LIFTED foot from floor. DEAF
MUTE instantly HEARD and SPOKE many
words that were WHISPERED to her (one
treatment). PARALYTICS LEGS, very
feeble. Instantly LEAPED over a CHAIR
laid on its side on floor. Practically
D-U-M-B man instantly SPOKE intelligibly.
The written ana signed TESTIMONY of all
these grateful patients was also signed by
the following EYE-WITNESSES and I will
give you all their ADDRESSES: Dr. C.
Henry. O. Ellis. C. Wlllitta. . M. Henry. M.
Roberts. Chas. Henry. A. Stanley. S. Don-
aldson. L Grant, B. Cerf and others, all
citizens of position and character, whom
you can INTERVIEW. The DENIAL of
any who have NOT taken the trouble to
WITNESS these man-els Is wind and value-
less. Above patients and several witnesses
can b« SEEN daily at Rexradio's offices. 2
to 6 p. m.. 609 KEARNY Ft. WRITE or
CALL on me. evenings. 221 Stelner st. C
ENGLEKE." CUT THIS OUT FOR SICK
FRIENDS. Daily at Rexradio's offices.
WRITE or CALL on me (evenings), 221
STEINER st. C. ENGLEKE.
"REXRADIO'S" office hours, 2 to 6. Con-
sultation free. CUT THIS OUT FOR SICK
FRIENDS. CALL for CIRCULAR. A
FREE SAMPLE of the H'D RADIUM
POWER • given to ALL VISITORS.
W-A-T-C-H this column DAILT. 509
Kearny st. t(
VISITING CARDS
In lots of 100 .' 500
Engraved cards from plate. $1 00
AH up-to-date engraving done at popular
prices.
THAT MAN PITTS,
lOCS Market st.
~ SOUVENIR POST
CARDS.
All that have been issued to date In art.
souvenir cr comic varieties. Souvenir view
books of California, 25c up. All the guides
and maps.
Violin strings— including CCC Make.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market Et, San Francisco.
CTKO PHOTO ~~
PRINTING PAPER.
A developing naper and prints by artificial
light. Sample dozen of any size up to
and Including 4x5 .' 15c
A full assortment of Kodak Mounts and
Albums.
PHOTO PLATES.
ZKx4\i. 40c box; 4x5, 55c; 5x7, fl 00.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market St., San Francisco.
ALL THE LATEST
MAGAZINES AND PERIODICALS.
SOME months ego I put myself under the treat-
meat of Dr. Moore for baldness of the head,
and ani now pleased to give him a Just ac-
knowledgment of thanks for the thick, strong.
well set bead of hair I now possess and
value more than money. \u25a0D. L. FOLEY, with .
Murphy. Grant _ Co. -
DB. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer; he wfll
challenge the world to produce its equal;
shipped to all parts of world. 352 O'Farrell.
(1 and $2 50 sire bottles; take no substitute.
TRIAL treatment free; charges reasonable; ner-
vous & stomach troubles, kidney and bladder
ailments & rheumatism cured by electricity;
lady patients only; hours 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Mrs. Burtzer. 210 Powell, r. 22; take elevator.
YOUR fortune told — Send name and address
with 2-cent stamp and date of birth and I
will send a pen picture of your life from the
cradle to the grave. PROF. LEX) AMZI,
Dept. A 7, Bridgeport. Conn. .
MRS WILLIAMS, formerly of Mission, friend
or Mrs E. J. Ayer, will learn of business
to her advantage by calling upon Mr. L. H.
Sweeney. 116 Market st. \u25a0\u25a0 -
MP.fi. ALICE SHAW, the world renowned
whistler will be at Hotel R«x for the follow-
ing week and will be pleased to meet any of
her old pupils. \u25a0 '. -
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale;. also
cher.llle-wove' rugs, silk portlers; dealer In
carpet twine in hank or»chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth et.. O»klyd
MORPHINE, opium laudanum, cocaine habit;
myself cured; will inform you of harmless
home cure. Mary Ba'.dwln. box 1212. Chicago.
DEEP wrinkles removed; lowest rates in city;
superfluous hairs removed; lowest rates "in !
city. MRS. BARCLAY, 404 Post St.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st. ' ' '\u25a0'-,"
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hair dress-
ers. Stsr Remedy Co.. 821 Polk st.
H. MIZCHARA. Japanese artist, has removed
his art repairing shop from 424 Powell st. to
&04 Powell St., near Sutter.
PRIVATE detective wants employment; : best
of bank and business references. Box 3597,
Call. ' ' ' ' "
ANY one knowing whereabouts of Joseph Eng-'
land please notify his mother. 443 Eddy st.
Joseph Breen. massage expert and shampooing:
appointments made. Met. Hotfl. 129 3d st.-
MRS. C. C. JEFFRIES, electric needle special-
ist, has moved to 1607 Sacramento -st.
OLD picture frames reflnlshed like new; reason-
able. California Decorating Co.. 206 nth st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
J NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 728 Market st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle special-
ist. SI 4 Sutter it. ' Phone East 8646.
b BRAND new tailor-made . men's suits. co«t
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits toorder $15 up. LEMO3.
1127 Market St.. " bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at \u25a0 1008 Market St.. -.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ro.
-..- .-',.' PATENTS.' '.'-. "'V :'..\u25a0
INVENTIONS pstented; U. 3. and 'foreign;
patent law. ' F. P. MEDINA, 532 Market st.
THE SAN LFRANCISCO. CALL;; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15,: 1905^
PHOTO SUPPLIES.
If you buy your films of me or have me do
your photo printing.
I Carry a Full Line of
NOK T -CURLING FILMS. _
My prices for films In rolls of fix exposures
are as follows: " ' ' \u25a0 ' "
2%x2%, 15o; 2UX3W, 20c; ZV<xlU. 25c:
3^x3Hi. 30o; 3^x4 14, 35c; 4x5. ox 4. 45c; 6x7,
8Oo; 3^ixs%, 40c.
- PHOTO PRINTING. .
Discount o€ 10 per cent allowed on orders of
more than 6 prints each from 6 negatives. Here
are some prices: 2'ix3 l i.' 4c each; 214x4%.
3#x3H and 3%x4H. sc; 4x5 and 3VU5%. 6c;
5x7. 10c
THAT MAN PITTS. .
F. W. Pitta, the Stationer.
1008 Market st.. San Francisco.
PARTNERS XV ANTED.
WANTED— Partner In good paying business;
only $150 required; must be eober and honest.
Call 517 Eighth St.. Oakland. .
A PARTNER wanted in gold mine, with small
capital. Address 023^ Shotwell st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. '
R^MbvED^R."^ON"G~HTMr^«b"floctoiv
treats all diseares of the human body ; '• for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered. $3 60 up; 75.000 rolls wallpa-
per, 5c up. Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.'
A REFINED American woman to join me in
housekeeping; I hay« furniture. Address box
S7.il. Call office.
ALTON House, 204 McAllister— 3 fine furnished
housekeeping roorris, facing Hyde st. '
BRYANT, 444 — One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished, for housekeeping, with gas.
BUCHANAN. 612— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping: 2 rooms. $15; other rooms.
BUSH, 612 — Large sunny housekeeping rooms;
small kitchen. '.. \u25a0
BUSH. 2693 — Three completely furnished rooms
for housekeeping. .'..-. ' •
CLAY, 1615 — Large sunny unfurnished rooms;
grate, closets and running water, $15 month.
CALIFORNIA. 30S5— Furnished housekeeping
rooms for adults.
CALIFORNIA, 1514— Sunny . furnished front
rooms, single or en 6ulte; private family.
CAPP. 769 — Two furnished- rooms for house-
keepings '
CLEMENTINA. 440. between Fifth and Sixth
— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms, $12 per
month. ..'<"'•" '""
CALIFORNIA. 2304— Several «ice housekeeping
rooms to let; gas range; bath.
CLEMENTINA, 440— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeplng.
DEVISADERO, 75S — 3 or 4 fine furnished sun-
ny rooms for housekeeping; all conveniences;
very reasonable.
DUBOCE aye., 55 — Furnished front house-
keeping room. $ft per month.
ELLIS. 71&— Connecting housekeeping rooms;
range, etc.. $18. .
EDDY. 804 — Large convenUnt rooms; bath,
laundry, basement; cheap.
ELEVENTH, 106 — Front parlor suite; gas
range, water, bath, two. tubs: $18. . ..
ELLIS. 704 — Three room.*; reasonable; house-
keeping. •• '.\u25a0 . \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
EDDY. 632 — Housekeeping rooms. ."
FULTON, 570A — Unfurnished rooms for house»-
keeping •\u25a0..--- .. ;i ;: : srrto*
FILLMORB, 2219 — Fine large furnished rooms
for housekeeping; bath. ; * ' ' ' .
FELL. 121 — 2 or 3- well furnished rooms; bath,
porch; etc.; -Drivate." * .. '
FRANKLIN, 301, near Hayes — Two sunny
unfurnished front rooms; no children. \u25a0-
FULTON, 1058 — Fine eunny rooms In refined
family; opposite park: board If desired.- :
FOLSOM, 837 — Housekeeping rooms to let." 7 -
FOLSOM, 1121 H — Two neat front sunny hkpg.
rooms; gas. .yard, laundry, bath; rea.; priv.
FELL, 119 — Large furnished rooms for hkpg. ;
running water; suitable for 1 or 2 ladies.
FOLSOM, 941 — Rooma to let with housekeep-
ing privileges; water, gas, etc.
FULTON, ' 138, bet. Polk and Van Nees aye. —
Front suite of housekeeping rooms; sunny;
• gas; bath; call to-day or Monday after 4
p. m.; $14. " ' '
GOUGH. 211 — Unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 724^ — Nice eunny house-
keeping rooms.
GEARY," 1058 — Four rooms nevjly furnished;
first floor; $20; three rooms $IS. . •
HOWARD. 2006 A. n<;ar Sixteenth — Two or three
"rooms, furnished complete; gas. r?ng«, bath,
phone. . J . .':'. . . '.-
HYDE," 218 — Nicely furnished rooms to adults
for light housekeeping.
HO\VARt\ 617 — Sunny housekeeping- rooms;
also single: yard; all conveniences; reas.
HOWARD, 822 — One suite housekeeping rooms;
also " single. < " ...
HAMPTON place, 3.- near 3d &. Folsom— 3 nlo«
sunny rms. complete for housekeeping; $16.
HAIGHT, 322 — Two large, sunny, newly fur-
nished front rooms; bath;. housekeeping; |20.
HAVES,- 970 — Sunny furnished rooms; also
' housekeeping room; private family.
JACKSON 1 , 1335 — Two upper floors of 4 rooms
each for housekeeping; bath; rent $21 each.
at 1454 Hyde st.
JESSIE, 323 — Large front room furnished; gas
range; sink; $3 wk.; small room $1 50 wk.
LARKIN, 817J6— Eunny corner ".'room:, gas
"6tove;.rent reasonable. \u25a0
LAGUNA, 1025—4 large rms.; fur, ; hskpg.';
cloa.. bath; opp. Jeflers&n Pk. ; adults; reas.
LARKIN, 1626— Housekeeping suite of 3 rooms
and*-bath, completely furnished;, adults; $40.
LAGUNA; 1025 — Fine furnished rooms with
laundry! kitchen and cloeet: adults; opposite
Jefferson Park. -. '\u25a0'• .' \u25a0
LILY aye.; -12, off :Franklln St., near Oak —
4 rooms completely furnished for housekeep-
ing: rent reasonable; apply • Sunday. \u25a0 :*: *
LARKIN, 41S— Furnished housekeeping- rooms
and single rooms; cheap; back yard.
MARKET. 2008— Two • large, sunny, well-fur-
• nlshfed rooms, complete for housekeeping;
phone, bath. : '\u25a0'\u25a0
MCALLISTER. 538— Nice sunny suite; gaa
range, bath. • laundry; adults.'
MINNA; 925 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
MISSION, 1220— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.' ; "
MISSION, 2H47 — 3 | rooms " and kitchen ' fur-
" nished; arid "single rooms; "warm belt. ,
MCALLISTER, 483, cor. Van Ness 1 aye. — 2
"nicely furnished, sunny housekeeping "rooms;
$14; single room, $<J. • \u25a0
MISSION, 2512 — 3; rooms furnished- complete
for housekeplng; use of gas . and bed, •
OAK 117. or 14 Page— Complete ' for house-
-keeplng; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OCTAVIA, J4C3. corner Geary — Nice' sunny
housekeeping suites: rent reaeonable. v
O'FARRELL," 776— Front sunny bay window
room ' & alcove; furnished, run.' water:' s2o."
O'FARRELL.; Sl3— Nice " sunny." rooms. ~eo
mitte \u25a0 or single: ! reasonable.''" \u25a0;; • \u25a0 \u25a0;.••, vCv
O'FARRELL. 1597, corner Pierce— 4 " nice
rooms: bdth. gas, nice location; $16.':
O'FARRELL, 1358^-Grand 'suite with kitchen
connecting, $30 ; beautifully furnished • Others, j
O'FARRELL,"" 1493— Large elegantly furnished
eunny rooms; corner; housekeeping. \u0084 - .
OCTAVIA.' 1403^-Sunny housekeeping'sultes;
rent reasonable. .' ' \u25a0 :. . .' '
OAK," 152*4— Large room furnished: complete
for, housekeeping"; bath. ' •:* ' ..- ..,. -;
O'FARRELL, 1127— Housekeeping rooms; nice-
ly furnished. '\u25a0:\u25a0" *, < \ . -
PAGE, 1934— Nice housekeeping rooms ;* use
'. piano and bath, laundry.- abasement; large
. yard; good, location; quiet. :"-.•\u25a0 ' ; ..\u25a0\u25a0•"". r.-;
PINE. 1227, nr. Hyde^-Nlcely, turnlshed: sunny
• housekeeping rooms;' grate; phone.'i'- '."::\u25a0
POLK, 6Q7^^Three' furnished; rooms for Tiouse-^
keeping; phone and _bath; reasonable.';
ROOMS^FOR H<>^SEK^EJPJNG---Con ; _
POLK, 1018rrSunny front rooms; gas,' bath;
'' phone; .lndy; conven; no* objection "children.
POLK, 601— Furnished room \u25a0 for. 2 gentlemen
and 1 large houskeeplng room. .-.-.:' /
POWELL, 706-^Two-"or— three sunny- front
' rooms ; gas : range; 3 closets ; reae. ; j private.
6T. JAMES .McAllister "and Laguna-r-Corner
. sunny' suite. furn.V for, hakpg.f rent $15 up. :,
SIXTH. 142— Housekeeping rooms to* let; con-
• venlent; ' central ;-reasonabfe"." ."/\u25a0\u25a0' ' "\u25a0
SIXTH, : 22T, , 'corner ' Clementina— Furnished
rooms for housekeeping; single or en suite. •'
SIXTEENTH, 3428 A, near 'Church— 2 "or; 3:
sunny, nicely furnished, connecting rooms
for housekeeping; phone, gas and bath :'" cars
pass within 3 doors of the house; reasonable;
no children. "..'\u25a0.-: '-. ' '•\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•'\u25a0- ''.'•"\u25a0\u25a0' '\u25a0
SAN CARLOS aye., 825rrSunny' unfurnished
rooms; gas and bath; adults.
SUTTER. ' 1893-r-Handsome',suite of housekeep-
" ing 'rooma to-let/ " ,' ; '" ' ' "
SUTTER. gOo-rTHoußekeeplng" rooms; private
family;' also other rooms. \u25a0 "
SIXTEENTH, ; 3261, near . Guerrero-^Nurses
wanted to take, rooms in. sunny, upper, ;new
flat; use of kitchen; every convenience.' i-_~i -_~
TURK,'BBI— 3 roomf, parlor floor, complete, for
housekeeping.' " , -:'\u25a0>- , : . "I' '\u25a0::\u25a0\u25a0 . -.'
THIRD, 320— Front houspHeeplng rooms to let.
TEHAMA, 742— Four nicely furnished "junny
. housekeeping rooms to let. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.' '* [ ' ' ..
TAYLOR, 911— Sunny furnished room; gas.
range. $7; unfurnished rooms, bath.- |2Q. - '
TENTH. 149— One complete housekeeping room;
use of parlor. "piano.: lauhdy; 1 private family.
TURK, HS-^New'ly : furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms. ' \u25a0-'.' : ' ;.'\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 -'
TURK, '. 1201-^-Suite of 3 rooms,, furnished, with
piano for housekeeping. \ . •\u0084 V>
TURK, 411— Nice furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping,; gas | range, .bath,, etc.; refer-
ences required. . • .'..'. ' .1
TWELFTH, 2.'!2— Three sunny \u25a0 rooms, bath,'
gas. laundry; complete;, thoroughly reno-
vated; adults. \u25a0 '
VALENCIA. \u25a0' 223 — Tn-o. neat rear sunny rooms
complete: for housekeeping; gas range, bath,
phone and laundry; cheap to a couple- with-
out children. \u25a0.
VALENCIA. 822—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rms; hskpg; electric light and gaa stoves.
VALENCIA. 209 — Four furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath, gas. phone. ' • '
VAN*" NESS aye.;. 'IOQ-^Larpe* eunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $14.' \u25a0
WALLER. 71— Newly fur. suite rooms, in new
house; fine view; $14. Phone Page 7P31.
WEST- MISSION. 50— Two -.. furnished rooms
' suitable for housekeeping. . ••\u0084-. '\u25a0
WALLER, 60— Furnished housekeeping rooms.
WILLOWS aye:, 14. off Larkln— Furnished
rooma for light housekeeping; alpo single.
JiFAjaT-MJENT^H 2S_ES^SS^
RANDALL APARTMENTS—
120 Pierce st., near Haight.
4 large sunny unfurnished rooms, all ' light
and each apartment complete In itself; large
clpsetB and plenty of shelving; stone under
entire building,' making It free, from any
dampness; must be pee-n to be -appreciated:
Just about finished: open dally; rent very
reasonable; permanent tenants wanted. Ap-
ply on premises or R. McELROY, agent.
Phelan bldg. TeX Main 5870. . .
NEW four-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; completed November 1. All suites have
modern kitchen*, electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth st.;". building opposite. '. .
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell St., near Van Nes« and.
Market — New. handsome, fireproof structure;
mod. improvements; apts. 3-rm., bath; special
Inducements for next 60 days: tel. South 1071.
ALTA, opposite AHa Plaza, 2 and 4 room
unfurnished suites; light and sunny. Clay
Ft., between Pierce and Scott. . ' \u25a0 .\u25a0:
GRAND. view — California and Lyon; 4 rooms;
completely furnished; modern \ apartments;
reasonable.
A— KENILWORTH, cor. Bush. Powell; 3-rdom
eunny aparts.; . single rooms; modern; reas.
A— YON NYDACK, 573 PosW4 rooms ;, private
baths; furnished, unfurnished; salt baths.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with. bathi steam heat.
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Nees — Van
; ness, 3-rm. suite; Grove; 3-rni. suite; reas. ;
THE Avalon, 670 Bush et. — 3 and 4 room
apartments with bath;- turn, or unfurnished.
THE Frederick, 001 - Stan van — 4 to 6 - room*,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel.' Page 616 H.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
520 Mason St., bet. Geary ane O'Farrell.' -.
. Rooms with or without private bath. . . .
New addition Just -completed;" entire house
newly renovated; sun" In rooms' all day.'" '\u25a0'-' '
A— BRUNSWICK House." 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
"25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5- per week and
light' housekeeping rooms; open all night..- •
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth .st.)— Rooms 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night. '
ASHBURY, 440, near Golden Gate Park— Nice
sunpy rooms, furnished or unfurnished;- sin-
gle or en suite; bath; private family.
ASH aye.. 23. near City Hall— 2 nice furnished
rooms with use of kitchen lf t desired: $4 rao.
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore; 2 en-
trances, 1126 M&rket and 21 Turk — Electric
lights. ' running water in every room; 200 '
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $4 week.
BRADY, 60 — Two very nicely furnished rooms
to let, with gas and bath.
BURTON Hotel. 1126 Howard st,— loo rooms;
new house: modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH," '324 (Elriier)— Sunny furnished rooms,
day, week or month ; reasonable.
BUSH. 1424— Large sunny front rooms nicely
furnished; convenient.
BUSH, 1113— Nice pleasant parlors; house-
keeping privileges; water, gratte, etc!;
adults. \u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0 . .> .......
CALIFORNIA. 1272— Neatly furnished single
room; gentleman. \u25a0
CAPP, 70^— Sunny front alcove room; grate,
' running water. '. ' ' . ' -
CALIFORNIA, 3COI— A ' suite "of nicely fur-
nlshed rooms tq • Jet^y
CALIFORNIA 2304. near Websrter^-Sunny front
room; 2 single beds; "running water; $12. -
CASTRO, .630— Elegantly furnished rooms to
let at reasonable rates. '
CAPP. 256— Furnished double and single room.
DUBOCE aye., 135— Nice furnished room to let;
reasonable. . '.'
ELLIS, 792 — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS, SC^Elegant furnished room to let;
sunny; reasonable. - .' ' . '\u25a0-.\u25a0•. .
EDDY,' 821, near Van Ness— Sunny, elegantly
furnished room; $12 60 per month. \u25a0\u25a0
FIFTH, 109— Nicely located and well furnished
rooms to let. -'%.-':
FOLSOMI " 826 J —Furnished" rooms to let; good
location.; - -•;•\u25a0 "•'\u25a0". \u25a0\u25a0 . . . " \u25a0 \u25a0
FOURTH, 179— Rooms to let by day, week or
month; transient. ""- " \u25a0 •' . \u25a0
FOURTH, 271— 100 rooms; all sizes and prices;
new,- modern: hot and cold water.
FULTON, ' 78— A "nrwly furnished suite .of
rooma to let; private family.. \u25a0 •
FRANKLIN. 1017— Newly 7 furnished parlor
. suite; "single room, ' bath, etc.; also . large
unfurnished room. ~- ' \u25a0 \u25a0.'\u25a0-•
FRANKLIN, " IOSI-^NVwly ', f urniflhed ' front
rooms; sunny; gas.: bath, phone.' " \u25a0 ',
FELL. 302— Front fwnny -room: "suitable for
' dressmaker:. use "of kitchen; lady preferred."'
FELL;"" 33OO— Private "family:" Qpposlte* park;
elegant furnished ; rooms; ' gent or ' couple.'"* *' •
FOURTH, 225-rNicq front' roonis; alo single
rooms and' bousekeeplnK rooms.
FOLSOM." 62— Cnplce sunny furn. 3 unfurn.; Ist
floor;' large '-grounds; "also housekeeping.'
FOLSOM. 1640^-A' furnished suntjy large room:
," board Mf' so 'desired. ',' "\u25a0'. . ' - ; .:-\u25a0" ' "
FILLMORK," 028.. near McAllister— Nicely f^ur-
nlehed' rooms: sunny; reasonable. - - " • \u25a0\u25a0 ;
FRANKLIN, : ICSO-^-Larce newly' f urn. ' gunny
" bay window, rm.; .large'closet; running. woter.-
GEARY, 160S-^Pleasant gunny rooms , to ; J6t. ~
GEARY," 657— Single"' and "double furnished
". ropms \u25a0 to '; let.' -; \u25a0\u25a0 " " " '"• —".
GEARY, '473— New house;' fine* sunny ' room?
*. with?, baths;. 'very r reasonable.' ' : • - -- . r r '
GEARY.' 736- : -Elegantly furnished rooms; sun-
ny: single or double. ' ' ' \u25a0-• ; . .\u25a0
GOLDEN GATE "aye". T" 62^-Neatiy " furnished
,; rooms a. to': let: "chargga moderate.' "".- " :- \u25a0 •
GOLDEX GATE aye..iloo3— 2 "rooms.": dressing -
: room ; grates," gas " range,'- closets,' bath ; : la un-
,dry;'sl4.:' : « "' t .;:'''-"'%:- -•\u25a0 \u25a0?.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0:'.; ;-"'.
GUERRERO,- 932 bet.^ 21st 7 and' 22d-^4 rooms
\u25a0\u25a0 furnished; or-: unfurnished; - ';...'; .''..s'^, ',&-.'\u25a0
GEARYri3S7^-pne furtiisbed rootn* 1 for single
r":man ' : \u25a0_ /.. '. '£';. /. . ;-. .-_\u25a0-•;\u25a0:
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
GEARY. 160S — Pleasant sunny rooms, bath
, and all modern conveniences; gentlemen."
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st.— Choice rooms
"'. by day, week or month ; "central location; "
GEARY, ' 459," Lowell — * Elegant" £ furnished
rooms; single' and en suite.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 52— Furnished rooms at
reasonable rates; convenlsnt." " " V-i . •
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1014^-Large front dou-
tble' parlor; "all modern conveniences..- \u25a0'-
GRAND SOUTHERN. 1069 Mission, eof.TSev-
.'.enth— loo rooms; 60c night,"s2 to $7 week.
GROVE.' .'222— Sunny dout>le ""parlors';* 1 unfur-
nished; no' housekeeping..
GREENWICH, S6lH— Single furnished 'front
' room 'in private family; bath' and all con-
veniences; no other roomer.
. -\u25a0\u25a0 'y- : --" \u25a0\u25a0; *_ " \u25a0\u25a0 ;- \u25a0;_,- .
GEARY, 56frrFlne furnlahed roon_. \u25a0 *j-~> '.
\u25a0 HAVES, 267— Sunny,* new; piano; bath. ->''>?
HOTEL St. Kathryn; cor. Ellis and Ltaven-
v worth— Most modern and up-to-date hotel In
6. F: free bath; new, clean, airy;" reas. rates.
HOTEIY Hamilton.: 125 Ellis, bet. Powell and
"Mason .sts., S.~ F.— Rooms $1 to $3 'per' day;
steam heat and telephone.. ln each room.'
HYDE, 81Q.' bet. Sutter and Biish— Large fur-
' nlshed rqQm:, rent" jIQ. ,' " "'""'
HARRISON, 530^a; furnished room.
HOWARD. 715-Rpc'ms, 25c to $1 per day;
: $1 50 to $3 per week; reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. JSll—Fufnigbgd rooma to \ti.
HAVES, 267— Furnished rooms to let.
BYDE, 2011 H— Unfurnished room" In modern
flat; gas and bath. ' ; " ' '*'.•\u25a0 .""
HAVES, 267 — Supny rooms with use of piano
and 'bath: will allow housekeeping privileges
- lf;,desire(i. " ,'•'\u25a0-' ' '
HOWARD. 1214. .near Ninth— Fine furnished
rooms; bath, electric, light, etc.: rates $2 50
per week and up. - ' . - \u25a0.
HARRISON, 2511 — Furnished front room; bay
window. , ' a . .
JACKS'ON, 'I224— One or two sunny, furnished
rooms;.' private family; very moderate.
JERSEY. 841, between Twenty- fourth and
Twe.nty-flfth, near Castro — 2 front rooms tq
. Ift, ' furnished or unfurnished.
JONES, 1316 — Sunny unfurnished rooms; quiet
neighborhood; reasonable. .......
JESSIE, 542— Eunny furnished room; bath.
JONES, 1223— Elegant furnished rooms; corner
house; fine marine view; references required.
LARKIN. 171Q— Furnished rooms with bath.
running-water, etc. \u25a0 \u25a0 * -
LARKIN.- : , Jl4Brr-N:lce front suite .of rooms;
sunny; water and gag; every convenience;
$20 per month; room« for 2, $10.
LARKIN. 412— Fine furnished rooms; "water,
gas; convenient.
LEAVENWORTH. 418— Furnished rooms to
let. * \u25a0.. - " -'
LEXINGTON. 135— Nice furnished rooms:
pleasant neighborhood: rates ' reasonable.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny room, one or two per-
sons; ?3 per month.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. ,129 Third st — 400
single and family rooms. 35c to $1 50 per
day; $2 to 38 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
: that has office on ground floor; hot' and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room, end gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to Its- guests."
MISSION, S4ti- : -N!ce furnished rooms; very
centrally located; reasonable.
MONTGOMERY, 716^— Furnished rooms to let.
MCALLISTER, 517 — Neatly furnished ; rooms;
running water, gas. etc. ; reasonable.
MASON. 825 — Large fine sunny rooms; mod-
ern: every convenience; $10 to $25.
MARKET.. 25(368, ntar 16th— Unfurnished
room In a_ private family; "gas, bath; rea-
sonable. ' • ,-
MISSION. 1680— Neatly furnished 'sunny single
room, ground floor, for gentleman- or 'lady;
reasonable. ' , .
MCALLISTER.- cor. Laguna (St. James) — A
newly furnished synny;;sort^fer 'xpapi,y^l3.'.-". ; o
MINNA. . 514—^c^r'.nj.rfltShrd-n^tTjreoxn^iiia
one slnsie room. "."'•" '". . * ' " ''-'*
MARKET. 1526 (Las'Palmas)— Sult«B $23 and
up;- single rooms, $10, up. \u0084' .. '...'. .'.'.. -v.
MCALLISTER. , IlOf-Fjne sunny bay- window
room;"closets, "watery quiet 'location ;reason-
able. . .'\u25a0 ....".":\u25a0 .' '.'.'. ' .'.'.'. -\u25a0 . .'.'.. \u25a0
NINTH. 377 — Furnished - rooms to let.
NATOMA. 718— To 'let, 2 very large sunny
rooms: rear: rent $7. ' \u25a0 " '
O'FARRELL. 1493r— Large sunny "corner rooms,
elegantly, furnished," .In fine flat.
O'FARRELL, ' 90S — Rooms to "let. single" or en
suite. '\u0084.,-.
OCTAVIA, 629— Bay- window front room, fur-
nished;' suitable' for one or two; In German
private family; gas and running water. '\u25a0
OCTAVIA,' 732— Large sunny ' bay-window
suite or single rooms; bath. etc. \u25a0
OAK, 2037 — Large back parlor; also smaller
rooms; neatly furnished: opposite park.
POLK, fll7--Hall bedrooms to let, gentlemen,
. $5 and $6. ' - \u25a0
POLK. 626— Furnished rooms' to let.
POST, 408— Nice furnished rooms with all con-
venipneeq; near the Hotel St. Francis. \u25a0\u25a0
POST, 217— Comfortable suites and single
. rooms from $2 we»k 'up. • • '
PINE; 1781— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
grate; running water.' » " , •
PLEASANT, 81. neac Jones arid Sacramento—
Finely, furnished roorris for gents; cheap.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third St.. near Hpw-
\u25a0 ard— New house- with modern conveniences:
rooms en suite and single; rates by day 35c
UP: by week. ?2 up: batha free to guests.
SEVENTEENTH. 3570— A furnished sunny
front room ' to l*>t. \u25a0 . <
STEVENSON. 191 M— Nicely furnished single
rooms; private family; $1 2,"> week.
SHOTWELL, 614 — Nice sunny furnished rooms
.".'to let. ' ' \u25a0\u25a0: - ".- : .!'.• .:-'" " : .'\u25a0'. " *
SUTTER. : S22— Fine furnished front and back
rooms- all ; conveniences; use of parlor If
desired; reasonable. V
SUTTER, 967— Beautifully • furnished rooms,
single or-en 'suite; gentleman.. • . .
SACRAMENTO, 1642—3 sunny ccr. rooms; also
housekeeping, rooms; running water. \u25a0',' .
SIXTEENTH, 3261, "near Guerrero— 3 nicely
\u25a0furnished rooms In new flat;"«iinny.
FOURTEENTH. 236— Furnished rooriis, suit-
able for gentlemen.
SAN CARLOS aye. . "51) — Furnished room; lady
preferred. ' \u25a0 :
SANCHEZ, 205. corner Marketr^Newly . fur-
nished front parlor and bedroom; suitjbl? for
;. gentlemen: every convenience;. rei*inaMe. , jj
TURK," S2s— Suite of rooms unfurnished to let;
bath. .-..•...""- -.. ' , " ."\u25a0 \u25a0'"-' '\u25a0"-"". .-'-\u25a0:;"\u25a0-' ' -
TURK, 1158 — Nice front rooms In newly 'fur-
-nlshed flat. :..-"\u25a0'• ' ;'-\u25a0' ' '\u25a0\u25a0 :.-
[ TREAT aye.. 1124,' near 24th— Two large sunny
' front -rooms to let,' unfurnished; rentsl2. t
TURK, 1109— Newly • furnished j rooms ' for' gen-
. tlemen. . - '
TAYLOR, 615— Newly fur.' rooms; hot and cold
water: $10 mo.: elegant suites: baths free. ."'
TWENTY-FOURTH, '2937— Four'" nice' unfur-,
\u25a0' • - nishr'd rooms to let: sunny and clean. -
TAYLOR. 70&— Sunny front rooms. • \u25a0 .
TURK. 11C0— Furnished rooms; gentlemen.
TURK.'. 248— Large furnished room," suitable for
.tTCQ ' gentlemen -or man" and* wlf?; rear. "
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms." 35c to $1 night. 1 - sl*7s to $6 week: elec-
"' trie". lights (no gas); running water. ln every
room : elevator, read.-room: free bus, baggage.
VALENCIA.. 23I— Sunny alcove. . room to let:
\u25a0 .-entleman. \u25a0 \u25a0'•-.' \u25a0.'\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0-:"\u25a0 ' ' -•\u25a0\u25a0'
VAN" NESS - aye., ' QSO-^Finij ' furnished ' rooms ;
kitchen '..privileges If ' desired. / ". ".
VALENCIA; 231— Fine" alcove room to let.
VAN \u25a0\u25a0' NESS, T ave., 1419-^Furnlshed room: in
'• private* f&mUy. •'."* -,'.** ,"- '". " " \u25a0 ''- ' '
WILLOW aye.. 625^-Nlcely furnished room.
WASHINGTON/ 1521— Nice sunny rooms to let.
\VASHINGTON7:'-1521.*.. near 'Hyde-^Nlce sunny
\u25a0:, rooms:' running water:' closets.' grates. ''
WOLF ! House. Howard and ? Sixth— No - better
'transient house In city;. rates^ reasonable; !o-
. cation centra V. Geo. H.. yon der'Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER" Hotei; : '44: 3d st.'. nr. Maritet—
Mo§t convenient and respectable; .700 rooms.
35c to $1 60 nightly.': $2 tt> $3" w>ek; elevator;
. • elec. lights: readtnßrroom ; free bus." baggige.
WEBST.ER. " 215— : Large '. ; sunny " upf urnlshed
• rooms; .reaaonaWe;^- no .children.
ROOMS? AND; BOARD.
MAISON TENCE. 640 Geary— Select private
boarding-house' just opened by Madame
Tence. formerly of 453 Ellis 'it.; everything
new and the same "excellence |n the home
cooked French table board will be maintained
in "these fine »ew quart**;- a few choice
rooms and suites are open for reservation
and may" be' ebtained with' board at very
reasonable rates. - ' \u25a0 '
HOTEL MARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy. 404— Just
opened;' rooms modern, up to .date, light, sun-
ny, airy; hair mattresses: free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean; table unexcelled.
Rates:. Rooms for. 2 with board. $50 month
and upward: single', rooms with board, $30;
everything homelike; parlor and piano for
guests; loeatWn . in the heart of city. 404
-.Eddy st.; iOirr.V'" . - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -
GOLDEN ;GAl_ '8,ve..~ 1800— Elegant private
residence- on driveway near Park Panhandle;
sunny, exposure .'in •' all rooms; artistic sur-
roundings; homelike in every feature; beau-
tlful grounds, all .mod, improvements. r«a_
CALIFORNIA. 807— Exceptionally good table..
free billiard -room, handsome and sightly,
rooms., board & room for 2. $45 up; single,
$22 50 up; suites. $55 up; see for yourself.
IF you are coming to Denver phone Blue 1306;
free bus and luggage; choicest residence >iU-
trlct. 1430 Mariop st.
HAVES, 671— Nice sunny room for gentleman.
with board, and rooma with private family.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1031— Sunny fur. rooms;
bath: good board. $20-$23: two. $36 month.
FIFTEENTH. 611— Sunny rooms, home-cooked
board: reasonable prices.
POLK, 909— Nicely furnished j room for two,
with board. $40. . .. \u25a0
POWELL 602 — Very large sunny . rooms and
board. "s2O-s3o 'per mo.; room without board.
JOHNSTON. THE. 605 CFarrell-^-Sunny sultei
and single rms.'; excellent board: references
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Room and board for 4 young men.
Apply box 3570. Call office. ..
ROOMS WANTED. \u25a0
THREE connecting unfurnished rooms^ north
of Market; rent not over $20. Box SS3S, Call.
RAZORS.
. ____ "
. — \u25a0- - \u25a0 'V"l'
SAFETY RAZORS.
Star Safety Razor, regular $2 00. ' My
epecial price ..$l5O
Extra blades $1 00
GUette Safety Razor, 12 blades, requiring .
no honing or stropping. Regular price
$500. My price $4 50
12 extra blades :. $1 €Q
Ever Ready Safety Razor, 24 blades, no
honing or stropping $5 00
Extra 12' blades $1 00
Yankee Safety Razor $150
Gem Safety Razor $150
' - -
' THAT MAN PITTS, •
1008 Market st., San Francisco.
RAZORS. .
I have one of the largest and finest lints in
the city- My special' razors at $1 00 and $1 50.
Jordan, Henckel and Stiletto at- $2 00. Corn
Parers. 75c. Hair Clippers, ft 00 up.
RAZOR STROPS.
A carefully selected assortment In all the
best materials, from 25c up.
Star Safety Strops.. $1 00
Star Stropping Machines $1 5p *nd $2 50
Razors Honed and Ground. Honing. 25c
THAT MAN PITTS.
100S Market »t.. . San Francisco.
SEWING MACHINES AND S UP^PLIKS.
DOMESTIC — The machine? for family use; best
is cheapest ; second-hand all makes at any j
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5, $8; slightly
used $10, $15. $20. You know where dollt
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st.. San . Francisco,
has received ths following orphan and half-
orphan -girls from July 1 to October I. 1905:
Beulah Drew Vance. 5 years; Agnes E. .Sul-
livan. 11 years; Rose May Gulon. 5 years;
Candace M. Wilson. 10 years; Julia C. Cook.
| 6 \u25a0•'years: Violet Murch, 10 ; years; Maud
Mufch, S years,- Gertrude Lucas, 11 years;
Margaret Crotty. 8 years.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods etored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.'. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
. ». .
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.. 604
Van Ness aye. Phone East 445. Storage,
\u25a0 moving, packing: cut rates on freight. .
CONKLJN'S storage; furniture and merchan-
dise. Golden Gate & Larkln; phone East 12&
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore; tel. West 529.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— To All Whom It May Concern: AH
persons will please take notice that 1., M.
PICKTHALL. am no longer connected with
the firm of • "M. Pickthall & C 0.." and that I
will not henceforth be responsible for any o!
the debts' or obligations of said firm.
I have established, myself in the same line
of business as that heretofore carried on by
said 'firm and with the full consent and
knowledge of said 'firm, and am now located
at 101 Fremont st., near Mission, with a stock
of engineers' supplies, etc.. and a full equip-
ment for active business, under the name of
M, PICKTHALL, 101 Fremont, nr. Mission.
NOTICE is hereby given that the saloon busi-
ness at 223 Fourth st. has changed hands;
all accounts must be presented within 3 days.
PROPOSALS.
VHOfOSALS— Sealed proposals wtll be re-
' celvtd at the office 'of the State Board of
Prison Directors, '\u25a0 331 Pine st.. - San Fran-
cisco Cal.. ' and will be opened between the
hours cf 1 and 2 o'clock p. m.. October 13,
1905 for furnishing and superintending the
erection of an oil fuel burning plant at the
Etate prison at San "Quentln, according to
the general outline specifications and prints
on file with Brainard F. Smith, clerk of the
Etate Board of Prison Directors, at said of-
fice. The board will let the contract to the
lowest bidder ". who, in its Judgment, sub-
mits the best and most satisfactory proposi-
tion, complying with all terms of the re-
quirements and specifications, reserving the
right to. reject' any and all bids for cause.
The general outline specifications adopted
by the board, with the prints, are "to be used
' as a guide to bidders, who are expected to
examine the boilers, boiler-room and equip-
ment now at the prison, so as to submit all
proper pumps, fittings and material for com-
plete oil burning equipment, and they are
expected to submit plans with full descrip-
tion ,of their " proposed . arrangement of the
necessary machinery, conforming to the re-
quirements and' Intent oI J the specifications.
Each bid mus»t:be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn upon ' some responsible
bank payable to the president of the board,
lor at least 10 per cent of the amount of
the bid which will .be. forfeited if the suc-
cessful" bidder -should, refuge to enter Into
the contract provided by I the board and glvs
a; bond equal to one-half; the amount, satls-
i factory to the board, upon notice of accept-
ance. ROBERT T. DEVLIN. President.
• BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk.
BIDS mv ted for Architectural . building — No»
• tice Is l.ereby given that sealed bids will be
received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley, .on or
before I p. m.. October 16, for the Archi-
tectural building as per plans and specifica-
tions on file 'at said office. No bids will be
considered unless accompanied by a certified
check or bond -In favor of the ' undersigned,
equnl to 10 per cent or the bid,' with suffi-
cient sureties, conditioner- that, if the bid be
accepted, - the bidder will enter Into a con-
tract faithfully to perform the obligations In
- accordance, with said bid and with said plans
and specifications. The right to reject any or
all bids is hereby reserved. The Regents of
the University of California.' \u25a0 - ' \u25a0
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting — bust-
' ness cards, crests, etc. : high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J." H. Duncan. 126 Kearny -«. l-_
31 A Kit UCE LI CESS ES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday by ' the." County j Clerk : .,
William O. Toye. 21, 1901 Polk street, and
Florence M. Duggan.viS. 51S Hermann street.
' Max' Hantzsche.- 25,-450 Thirty-first avenue,
and Emllle "Keosel,lB, 443 Thirty-second aye.
. Andres J. Vosos. 34.' Santa Rosa, and Belle
W. Lyttaker.' 40, Santa Rosa. • - • : \u25a0
; Mitchell Dureza." 30. .414 Clementina street.
and "Susie Hankes, 24, 414 Clementina street.
, William' Seabenr. v -40. 135 Hickory avenue,
and Lena Werner. -40. 135 Hickory avenue.
-" Hamet C Gllmer. 23, Napa. and Ethel M.
Cameron. 23. Gllroy. . *
Giuseppe Glordoni., 23. 3615 Eighteenth st-
and Paollna Rlcconi.'lS. 23 Colllngwood street.
Herman "W.. Nielsen.- 21. 11^ Grand street,
and May C.'- White. 17. 5U Grand street.
Adam J. \u25a0 San!," 22. •' 792 Lombard street, and
Clara L. Rehm. IJ>. 792. Lombard street.
: James J. Haffenger, 21. 26C8 Folsom street.
and'Therera M. = Norton, 17. 3021 22d street.
' Patrick J. Burke. 21; 20 Hancock street, and
Ellen. Rfllly. I*. 1732 Sutter street.
. Frank E." Rogers, 24. Pleasanton, and Roae
E-Llnskr. IS. Plcasanton.
Rueben E. AUwe.ll, 27, 1118 Mission street.
and Sarah J. Wilcox, 40. 811 Jessi^ street.
Robert R. Cunningham. 2?. Lehigb. Ind. T..
and Edytte A . Jones. 22. Hotel Pleasantan.
John XV. Tillotson. 42. 62 Ellis street, and
Carael Watson. 4«>. 62 Eili? atre«t.
CharUa J. Antunuccio. 23. Fruitvale, a«d
Florence E. Harper. 23. Oakland.
Jame 3 B. Smith. :z*. Pacific Union Club, and
Inez E. Rar. 37. Palace Hotel.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage snd death notices sent hy
mall will not be Inserted. They must b* hand;!
in at either of the publication of tic* a .mil to
Indorsed with the name and residence of pei •
sons authorized to have the same published .
Notices restricted simply to the. announcement
of the event are published once. ln this culumn
free of charge. ' \u25a0 -
BOK.N. ;
CUTLER— In this city. October 10. 1905. to
the wif» of Charles F. Cutler (nee Ober). a
son. .
DEAN— In this city. September 17. 1905. to
the wife of A. P. Dean, a son.
ERICKSON— In thij city, October *». 19C*. to
the wife of Charles J. Erlckson. a son.
FITZGERALD— In thla etty. October 5. 19C3.
to the wife of John F. Fitzgerald, a son.
HARRISON— In West Berkeley. Cal.. Sep-
tember 24, lOCS, to the wife of A. Ed*.
Harrison, a daughter.
HENNING— In this city. October 4. 190 S. to
the wife of W. H. Henninz, a son.
LARSON— In this city. October 12. 1903. to
the wife of Edw. Larson, a son.
McGLADE— In this city, to the wtfe of Fred-
erick McGlade I nee Harman). a daughter.
MEYER— In 4nls elty, October 4, 1905. to the
wife of John C. Meyer, a daughter.
RYAN— In thi» city; October 3, 1906. to the
wife of Daniel A. Ryan, a daughter.
SHORT— In this city. October «, 1906. to the
wife of To*« Short, a daughter.
STRAUSS — In Los Angeles. Cal.. October ?.
1905. to the wife of E. L. .Strauss, a
daughter.
TENSFELDT— In thla city, October 3. 1903.
to the wtf» of J. C. Tensfeldt. a son.
VAN ORDEN— In Alameda. Cal.. October *.
1905, to the wife bt Dr. George N. Van Or-
den. a daughter. - § ' .
MARRIED.
HARNACK— SPRECKELSEN— In _>!\u25a0 elty.
October 12. 1905. ,by the Rev. Herman
Gehrcke. Julius Edward August Harnack and
Elizabeth Ssreckelsen, both o« this city.
KEMPER— O'CONNOR— In this city. October
12. 1905. by toe Rev. George W. White, paa-
tor Central M. E. Church. Eugene B.
Kemper and Lena. O'Connor, both of Sacra-
mento. Cal.
McPHEE— McCANN— In this city. October 4.
1905. by the Rev. Father Clancy. WUllam J.
McPhee and Mary A. McCann. bota of this
city.
MURRAY— FLATLEY— In this city. Septem-
ber 11. 1905, by the Rev. Charles A- Rarom,
Robert H. Murray and Gertrude C! Flatley.
both of thla city.
DIED.
Anthony. Chas. F., 77 Mattfeldt, Anna C. 76
Davies. David D.. tKi Nichols, CharU* M.
Douglass. John. 6t» O'Connor. Patrick. 54
Ferguaon. Alice, ft m. fteardon. Gussie. lb
Gallatln. Albert gchenkel, France*. 5
Jackscn. Henry D. 38 Shields. Catherine
Kennedy. Frances.ll d Smith. Emma. 4tf
Kunhardt. " Herman. 9 Soderman. Sven A.. I
Lynch, Eleanor. 1» Tobey. Edythe. 11 m.
Marselis. Robert L. 74 Walters, Ftank. 53 -
ANTHONY— In this city. October 13. 1905.
Charies F.. beloved husband of » Sarah H-
Anthony a native of Connecticut, aged ••
years 11 months «nd 2S days. (Chicago. 111..
Boston. Mass . ana Connecticut paper* pleaaa
copy.) .
C3"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
tSunday). at 2 o'clock p. m- from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets
under the auspices of Occidental Lodge No.
22. F. and A. M. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. Remains at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2656 Mission street, between
Twenty T seeond and Twenty-third (Mlasiaa
Masonic. Temple).
DAVIES— In Alameda. Cal.. October 14, 1905,
Da\id Daniel Davles, beloved husband ot
Kacfcael and father of Nelli* 8.. Joan W..
Samuel G. and George A. Davles. a native,
of Wales, aged 63 years 11 months -and 4
days. Member of Spartan Lodge No. 3tJ.
A. O. U. W.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Monday, October 16. at 2 o'clock p. m..
at his late residence, 1364 Broadway, Ala-
meda. Incineration Oakland Crematory.
DOUGLASS^ — In this city, October 14. 1905.
John, beloved husband of Margaret M. Doug-
lass, a native of North Belfast. Ireland, aged
66 years. (Stockton papers pl*a»e copy.>
FERGUSON— In this city. October 14. 19^5.
Alice, beloved daughter of WUllam and
Mary Ferguson, and sister of James, Anna.
Feraer. John and WUllam Ferguson, a native-
of San Francisco, CaL, aged 5 months and
14 days. •
GALLU.TIN— In this city, October 14, 1905.
Albert Gallatin, busband of Melvlna Gal-
latin. and father of Albert Gallatin Jr.. Mr*
Frank H. Powers, Mrs. Dr. W. P. Haryvy
and Mrs Thompson Seaton. a native of .New
Yor-
es' Friends and acquaintances are respect -
futly invited to attend the funeral »o-morro~
(Monday), at 11 a. m.. from bl» late resi-
dence, 2173 Pacific avenue. Interment pri-
JACKSON— In this city. October 13. 1904,
Henry D. beloved husband of Mamie Jack-
son, and son of Anna Jackson and the late
WiUiam Jackson, and brother of Mrs. Maria
Dray and Martha. Richard and Willie Jack-
son, a native of San Francisco, Cat. aged
SS years 1 month and 23 days.
IC Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m., from the funeral parlera
of Bunker — Lunt. 2WS Mission street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenjy-thlrd. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemeteryf via eleettio
tuneral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
KENNEDY— In San Jose, CaL, October 13.
1905, Frances Pierce Kennedy, infant daugh-
ter of Mr and Mrs. John GreS Kennedy,
and 'granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. James
Henry Pierce, a . native of San Jose. Cal..
aged 11 days.
KUNHARDT— In Oakland, Cal., October 14.
"1905. at bis parents' residence, Herman,
youngest son of Fabian and Rosalie Kun-
hardt. a native of California, aged 9 years
3 months and 3 days.
LYNCH— In Oakland, Cal., October 14, 1905.
- Eleanor, beloved daughter of John and May
Lynch, and sister of Nelon and Mary Lynch,
and the late Abble and Leo J." Lynch, a na-
tive of Oakland, aged 19 years and 1 month.
MARSELIS— In Oakland, Cal.. October 14.
1905. Robert L. Marselis, husband of Bar-
bara Marselis, and father of Ford MareeUs.
Mr? H. Loughridge and Mrs. C. M. Wlllard.
a native of Canada, aged 74 years.
M 4.TTFELDT — Entered into rest, in thla city,
October 12. 1905. Anna C. Mattfeldt. dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Henry Bchliemann.
Mrs. Fred Freudiar. Mr». Theo Blnner and
the late Mrs. Claua Wohltmann. a native of
Hanover. Germany, aged 7fl years T months
and 22 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). October 15. at '£ p. m.. from her
late residence. 301 Corbett avenue, between
* Seventeenth and Eighteenth streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
tuneral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
NICHOLS — In this city. October 13. 19C5.
Charles M. Nichols, beloved husband of Lia-
xie J. Nichols, and father of Charles C. ami
Henry D. Nichols and the late Eleanor M.
Madden, a native of Hudson. N. T. ;
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral secvlee*
to-day <iunday». at 3 p. m.. at the chfcpel
of N. Gfey & Co.. 612-*l4 Van Ness avenue,
between Golden Gate avenue and Turk street.
Interment orivate.
O'CONNOR— In this city. October 14. 1905.
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary O'Connor,
and father of William P.. Frank A.. - John
J. and Daniel O'Connor, a native of Castle
Island. Cbunty Kerry. Ireland, aged 54 years
and 7 months.
C7Friends. acquaintances and officers anrt
members of Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. IT.
W.. are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clocK
a. m., from his late residence. 9 Seldeman
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, wber*
a so'emn requtftn mass will be celebrate!
for the repose- of his s«ut. commencing at in
TKI.EPHO> F. MAI V 43.
N. GRAY &CO M Inc.
FUAERAL DIRECTORS. •
Cyrus S. -Wright, president: Geo. H. Clar*.
vice president; Al P." Booth, treasurer: Harold
L. "WrUsht. secretary.
812-8U VAX XESS AVENUE.
Between Golden Gate aveotie and Turk street.
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY.
San Ma teo County.
MASOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION.
. tBB James Flood Bunding. S. V.
Plots ta'/ritr Ceiaeterle*
Taien In Part nim-t
for Plots I in. 1.....
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
1 304 MARKET STREET
t Or at CemeUxy.
4546
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Oosa Ceme-
tery.
REARDON— In this city. October I*, 1&05.
Guesle May. dearly beloved daughter of
Charles A. end Amelia M. Reardon. and
loving sister of William T.. Ambrose F..
Charles A. Jr.. Ida R-. James G. and G.
Raymond Reardon. a native of Madison. "V 010
County, Cal., aged 10 years 8 months and
1 da*-.
St'HENKEL— In this city, October 14, l»05.
Trances A., beloved daughter of Charle-e and
*Ilee Schenkel, and sister of Lorene and
Marguerite Schenkel, a native of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., aged 5 years a months and Vi
teya.
SHIELDS — In this city, October 13, ll>os,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Richard
Shield*, a native of County Koscommon. Ire-
land.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
\u25a0 Sunday), at lil o'clock m., from the parlors
of Carew & English, 2» Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
oirumendng at 12:30 o'clock x>. m. Inter-
ment Holy Crors Cemetery. A eolemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
uf her «oul at St. Patrick's Church on
Monday. October 16. at 9 o'clock a, m.
SMITH — In this city, October 14, 1905, Emma
M. L.. Smith, beloved wife of John H.
Smith, and mother of Mrs. L. Hoffmann and
Ernst. Harry. Emma. Dorothy and the late
Frederick and John Smith, a native of Ger-
many, aged 49 years 8 months and 10 days.
OTrieads and acquaintances are respect-
:ully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence. 000 Thirty-third avenue South.
South San Ftanclsco. Interment Mount
Oiivet Cemetery.
SODERMAN— In this city. October 11. 1905.
Even Albln. behoved son of L. P. and Louisa
Foderman. and brother of Graco Ingeborg
nn<J Paul Letter Soderman. a native of San
Ki-anciseo. aged 1 year 1 month and 8 days.
C3*FrientJe and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral eerviees
to-day <Sunday>. at 2 o'clock p. m.. at
the residence of his parents. 1730 Greenwich
street, near Octavia. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
TOBKY— In Mill Valley. Cal.. Edythe Mills
Tobt-y, only daughter of Curtis and Edythe
'Mill* Tobey. aced 11 months and 20 days.
CZTlntermcnt private. Plesse omit flowers.
WALTERS— In this city.. October 13. 1905.
Frank Walters, a native of Gsrmany. «sed
53 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to extend our heart-
felt thanks to our many kind friends and
acquaintances as well " as the officers and
members of S. F- Lodge No. 8, U. A. O.
D.. who gave po many evidences of their
kindness and comforting sympathy during
the sad hours of our bereavement In the
loss of a lovinc husband and father, Henry
Mohr.
MRS. ANNA C. MOHR and Family.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to extend our sincere
thanks to the many friends and neighbors
and especially the officers and members of
Society Alsace-Lcrralne, who by their tender
iovt- and comforting sympathy and beautiful
floral offerings heli>ed to lighten the bitter
sorrow lately suffered In the loss of our
dr-arly beloved daughter and siiter, Lydia
Wlckershelmer.
MR. & MRS. AUGUST WICKERSHEIMER
and Family.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
tßuccessors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
TeieX'hone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
— i Funeral Directors and "Embalmers
Formerly :n Metropolitan Temrle.
NOW AT 566 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Fimst Equipments at Moderate Rates.
jMcAvoy, O'Hara&Co.
J KI'NKIIAL DIRECTORS.
j Removed to Their New Parlors.
261-271 HATES ST.. .pp. BT. lUNA'iICSCHZIECH
{ Lady Awistants. Telephone South 247
CEMETERY PLOTS
lr. Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can
be exchanged for Plots in
MOUNT OLIVET.
For particulars apply at City Office.
GRANT BLPG. MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
ST. IGNATIIS COLLEGE WILL
(.ELEBKATE GOLDEX JUBILEE:
Pontifical Mann and* Appropriate . Ser-
vices Will Be Ililri in Honor
of the
The celebration of the grolden jubilee
Of £t. Ignatius College begins this
rooming-, at 3 0:20 o'clock, when solemn
pontiticaj mass (till be celebrated. The
sermon will bo preached by Rev. P. J.
Cummins of tin- Mission Dolores
Church. In tho evening, at 7:30 o'clock,
there will be solemn vespers and a ser
mon by Father Newell of St. Dominic's
Church.
The Church of Je^us Christ (Mor- I
mon) will hold its semi-annual con
ference to-day at Red Men's building.
220 Golden Gate avenue. Meetings will
be held at 10 a. m., 2 p. m. and 7:30
p. m.
The following musical programme
will be rendered at Calvary Presby
terian Church to-day:
11 a. m. — Organ prelude in G (Men
delssohn); anthem "O How Amiable"
(Bartiby); response, "Ponder My Words'." (\V.
H. TTiorlc-y); cfrertory 6oprano solo, "I Know
That My IWttmfr Liveth," Messiah <Handel):
organ iiotstlu>".t, grand chorus (Guilmont). • 7:43
l>. m. — Organ preludt, improvisation on a
themo by Tschaikewsky; anthem. "O Gladsome
Light." Goldfn Legend (Sullivan); response
«Thorlr-y): offertory, air for contralto. "O
Rest in the Lord." Elijah < Mrndeisj-ohn) ; or
gan postlud*-. "Toccata" (Wldor). Organist
and director. W. Handel Thorley.
A memorial service will be held dur
ing the morning and evening at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church for the late
John I. Sabin, who was for many years
a supporter of the church. At the
morning service hymns appropriate to
the occasion will be rendered by the
choir, while in the evening: there will
be specially selected mus-ic by the quar
tet, with a funrral march on the organ.
Goes to Jlett ICducator*.
• As representative of the California
Promotion Committee Mr. Brehm will
stxirt for Los Angeles to-night to meet
President Schaeffer of the National Ed
ucational Association, who, with other
members of the executive committee,
will decide where to hold the next an
nual 6ession of the association. • The
entertainment of the officers of the Na
tional lidujntional Association has
been placed in charge of the promotion
conKnlttee. It is estimated thftt in the
event California is made the'scene of
the national gathering 20,000 teachers
Will journey to the toast.
MviiKitaml.i.
Per Br shii> Wayfarer, from Hamburg, Oct !
14— Sailed from Hamburg on Saturday. Hay ti,
and c'.ear**l the Elbe the next morning; cleared
the English Channel on May 13; had the usual
variable «rtjtd« thence to lat 27 2« N, long
24 40 W, where the NE trades were met with
on May 'M. and were carried to lat 8 ti. long
"6 15 W. where they w*-r« lott on- June 3;
h»d variable and doldrums to lat 3 N, lons
25 30 W, where the SiZ trades were met with
on June 13; ha<l lleht moderate trades and
fine weather to the eyuator. which was crofted
on June 15 and 10, in lat 330 S, long \u25a0-'»» lv
W; spoke ithe Fr bark Cambronne, from lllrk- !
enhead, fvr San Francisco; carried the SE I
trades to lat 15« 45 S. lung 33 40 W, where :
they were lost on June '£1; thence had light !
variable winds and calms tor eight days to
Ist 20 50 S. long ol 15 W, thence usual variable '
\u25a0westerly winds, pacelng the meridian of ,
the Cape of Good Hope on July 14 In lat 41 45
t>. lighted King Island <li&£g Strait) on Aug
13, and passed Wilson Promontory on Aug 14;
thence had light to moderate breezes, ]>asping
the ISOth meridian on Aug 25 In lat 3i35 S.
and the island of Tahiti on Sept a, when the
KE trade* were met with; had fresh to mod
erate trades crossing the equator in the Pa
cltic Sept l«i in long 144 20 W. and loaing the
SE trade* in lat f> -«)X. long 140 2u W on Sept
SO; then had variable winds and calms to lat
13 N, long 139 50 W, where the NE trades were
met with on Sept 20, which were carried to
!at ">• -5 N, lon~ 143 20 W. where they wero
lost on Oct 2; had variable winds, mostly
easterly and northeasterly, to port.* On May
7 Seamen K. Peterson fell from aloft, struck
the rail and fell overboard and was drowned.
lie was a native of Norway, aged 22 years.
MANILA. Oct. 14. — The barkentine Alta. be
fore reuorted at Manila, has been discharged
of her cargo and is on the beach In a leaky
condition. She will be floated Tuesday.
\u25a0 • \u25a0
WRONG MAN ARRESTED.— W. Thomaa of
the Lincoln Trust Company,- 759 Market street,
has sworn ta a complaint charging that Ira E.
Burbank mortgaged ble restaurant and horse
and buggy In Santa Cruz to complainant's
company and sold out without satisfying
the mortgage. Yesterday afternoon Thomas
pointed out a man on Market street to De
tective Armstrong and said he was Burbank.
Armstrong vlaced the man under arrest. The
prisoner vigorously denied that he was the
man wanted and said his name was Lake.
Armstrong, accompanied by Thomas, went to
police headquarters with his prisoner and
Thomas finally admitted that he had made a
dctake. The prisoner was released.
SIBERIA IS MAKING A RECORD RUN HOME
Pacific Mail Liner, With Har
liman on.'Board, Will Eace
• --From Yokohama.
Bunkers Are Filled With
Picked Coal and She Car
ries Additional Stokers.
The liner Siberia, with Miss Alice
Roosevelt and the Harriman party on
board, which left Yokohama on Fri
day, is expected to make a record run
across tho I-sxclllc. Under ordinary
circumstances she wouM make the run
In about eleven days. With" President
Hal xiiiian on board, however, an effort
is likely to be made to break all pre
vious records.
The Siberia left here prepared to do
some speedy steaming, and she did It
on the outward voyage. She is carry
ing: liftcen additional coal passers, and
at the Pacific Mail wharf they look
for the liner at any time after noon
of next Sunday. . .•' .
In actual time from, port to port the
trans-Pacific record is held by the Em
press of Jnpan. The Korea on her last
trip traveled .faster than the Empress,
out having nearly a day's journey far
ther to go yv.Ts a few hours behind the
Canadian Pacitic liner's time. The Brit
ish line still <-liiinis the right to carry
the broom. :~^C -
The^Siberia. it is believed, can over
come the handicap or" extra distance
and still beat the Empress* time, and
conditions never will be more favorable
for making the effort. It is understood
that before leaving the other side the
Siberia's bct&ers were filled with bet
ter coal thnn is usually bought for the
homeward trip and a greater quantity
of it. With pic-Ked coal, fifteen addi
tional roul passers and the inspiration
of President Harriman's presence on
board. ?f the Siberia does not come into
port with a new broom lashed to the
masthead it will be because she has
not "got it in her.*'
Bring;* Dig Cargo of Wheat.
The 6hii> Berlin arrived yesterday
from Astoria with ::7,6M sacks of
wheat. The Ferlin is one of a number
of vessels chartered to bring wheat to
this port from the Columbia River, and
the wharfage rapacity of the seawall
is being taxed severely to accommodate
the heavy inpounng of grain. Shippers
of tho California product complain that
the northern wheat is being given the
preference an\\ that, for the time being,
they are. virtually shut out. The north
ern wheat people want still more room,
and between the importers and the
handlers of the home product Chief
Wharfinger V'clch is having an un
happy time.
The Berlin came down from Astoria
iv four days.
Annliii In Front Hamburg;.
Following close on the heels of the Aby
dos. the Kcsmos liner Anubis arrived
early yesterday morning: from Hamburg
by way of South and Central American
ports. She left Hamburg 132 days, ago
and her last port of call on this coast was
at Champerico. coming from which port
she was nine days.
The Anubis, Captain D. Reimers,
brought 1650 tons of cargo and fifteen pas
sengers, among whom were: A. Weber
bauer. A. Wilhelm. G. Valverde, Mrs.
Valverde. Mrs. G. Valverde. B. Valverde,
T. E. Hulman, C. Herrera and wife, T.
Herrera. C. Herrera, N. Wolff, C. Vogel
and F. Rau.
Aim on the Beach.
The barkentine Alta, one of the ves
sels which suffered in the typhoon which
swept the Philippines recently, is on the
beach at Manila leaking badly. Her car
go has been discharged and on Tuesday
an effort will be made to float her.
The Overdue Lint
The vessels on tho overdue list are
quoted for reinsurance as follows: Ed
mund, 35 per cent: St. Donatlen. 10 per
cent; Principality, 90 per cent; Affezlone,
25 per cent; Forteviot. 25 per cent; Kil
mallie, 10 per cent and Duchesse de Ber
ry, 15 per cent.
City of Panama Sail*.
The Pacific Mail liner City of Panama,
Captain Sandberg; sailed yesterday for
the isthmus and way ports. She carried
a full cargo and about twenty passen
gers.
XEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matter* of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The latest charters reported are: The British
steamer Agincourt, wheat, barley and flour
from Portland to Japan at $4 25, chartered
prior to arrival; French ship Marechal Suchtt,
wheat from Tacoma to Europe 2Gs 3d, prior to
arrival; bark Carrolton, lumber from Puset
Sound to South Africa <terms private), char
tered in England: ship Lucile, case, oil from
this port to Yokohama, 14c a case;
Shipments for the Xorth.
The steamer Umatilla, which sailed on Thurs
day for Victoria, had an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to . various British Columbian
ports, valued at $16,919 and including the fol
lowing:
72,215 lbs ralslne, 4925 lbs assorted dried
fruit, 15,73<; lbs beans, 12,485 lbs mlllstuffs,
£181 lbs c6ffee, 723 pkgs fresh 'fruits, 20 i"ks
onions. 10 crts swoet potatoes, 507 gals wine,
150 lbs hops. 745 lbs malt, 120 cs canned goods,
Ultio lbs chocolate, 19 pkjjs groceries and pro
visions. 181 rolls roofing material, 25 rolls build-
Ing paper, 19 cs drugs, 3<> cs arms and ammuni
tion. lIS crts bricks. 7117 lbs leaf tobacco, 11
cs machinery. 1100 lbs seeds, 2ti pkgts paper, 2
fcalf-s twine, 5 rolls leather, a crts bewing ma
th Ints.
The steamer also carrlec 25 cs canned fruit,
valued at $75, en route to Winnipeg, Mani
toba.
Exports by the I'miamii Liner.
The fctcamer Clti' of Panama sailed yester
day for Ancon and way ports with a genera;
merchandise cargo valued at- $t!4,i>so, to b»f
distributed as follows: \u25a0 For Mexico, SVitli;
"Central America. $47,750; Panama, f2470; New
i'ork. $G2tS. The following were, the prin
cipal ehlpments:
To Mexico — 100 crts potatoes and onions. 40
bXB fresh fruits. 7. pkgs groceries and pro
visions, C is salmon, 17 cs • paste, 333jglb«
dried fruit. 325 lbs mlllstuffs. .'i.'.io lbs soda,
2514. lbs yellow me-tal, HI pkg.i iron, IHO steel
rails. 11 bdls i~ailroad material. 30 boiler tubes,
21 pkgg machinery. I cs i«atucr, 25 bdls paper.
481 s=ks coke, W bdis 25 pcs pipe, 10 rolls
duck. 3 bdls 1 bars s-teei, 1 cs electrical gouda,
1« eg oils, 5 os italnts, < cs rubber goods, 11
c; drues and sundries.
To Central America — 37S<! bbls flour. CO,O<iSi
lbs rice, 511 ctis corn, 2*J(iO lbs malt, 2423
gals 2S c« M'i:if. S'J cs beer, 70 gals brandy,
177 cs T-'J gals wliisky, cc mineral water.
1451 lbs 10 bxs rai-ir..s, 2158 lbs 3 bxs as
sorted dried fru.ts, 155 cr canned salmon, 276
cs assorted ch:iii«.-i1 coo<3». W)l lbs ham and
bacon. i::.577 lb% lard, 15 cs olive oil, tBOJ.
Ibeaolc**. 1171 lbs 1 cs bread. 1220 lbs mlli
etuffg, 14 jik^s paste. b"7 ;>Ugs iresh fruits.
Ul>> crts i>otatt<2?. .-j ci ts uaions. 17C! lbs
codfish. «> iikj.s tiro'.er'.t'u and provisions." l 3«>d
lbs *i I-ks» U-a, .'» ia baking powder, \u25a0 100,288
U«» tallow. 07 en Vt " bb.s -oil, 9 cs drugs,
;'.(i3o II « svda. 77^5 lbs resin, 15 carboys acid,
35 bdls iron, OKM .bs cyanide, 30,208 lbs. sul
phur. CO pcs <i kegs machinery, 2 pkgs fire
arms. 4 pkKs ltilher, I»CJ pkgs paints. 5 cs
turpentine. 10 cjs ! drum tar. 40,000 lbs cement,
4C50 ft '.umber. »20 lbs asphaltum 237 pk^s
SO pcs pipe. r>o ca coal oil, 10 crts roofing, 15
pkgs brooms, -S pkgs soap. 20 ca dry goods 2
c 8c 8 hate. 15 pkgs steel, 15 eteel rails. .
To Panama — 1559 gals wine, 150 cs salmon,
200 Jbs codfish. 4SO . lbs chocolate, 3 pkj»<j
groceries end provisions. i&7 pkgs Government
stores.
To New York — 13.5C0 gals wine, 25 cs drugs
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. October 14.
• Stmr Nome" City, Haneeu, 94 hours from
Everett, bound south, put In "to land paasen
eers. \u25a0 . . \u25a0 -..-.\u25a0
Stmr Redondo. Ahlin, 54 hours from Astoria.
Stmr Breakwater, Johnson, 82 hours from
Coos Bay.
the "San francisco; call; isuNDAY,; October 15, 1905.
BRITISH TRAMP STEAMSHIP AGINCOURT. WHICH ARRIVED FRIDAY WITH
CARGO OF SULPHUR FROM HAKODATE. ALTHOUGH COMPARATIVELY
NEW. SHE HAS BEEN WRECKED ONCE AND" RECENTLY NARROWLY ES
CAPED DESTRUCTION IN A TYPHOON.
Stmr Pasadena, Iversen, 27 houjs from Eu
reka. • '
Stmr Helen P. Drew, Gunderson,, 14 hourd
from Greenwood.
Ger stmr Anubls. Relmers, 131 days from
Hamburg and way ports, via Champerico 0
days.
Slmr Roanoke. Dunham, 3V4 days from Port
f land, via Astoria 50 hours and Eureka 20
ho-rs.
Stmr Phoenix. Hendrlckson, 31 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Vansuard, Odland, G8 hours from Re
dondo. ' "* ,
Ship Berlin. Jenpen. 4 days from Portland.
Br ship Wayfarer, Tupman, 162 days from
Hamburg. .. .
Bark Peterson, 9 days from Fort
Gamble.
Schr Newark, Maloney, 12 hours from btew
arts Point. '\u25a0 .
Schr Charles E. Falk, Henninnsen. 6 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr SantlaEO, Larsen. 14 hours from Mon
tcrcy
Tug Defiance. James, 14 hours from Monte
rey, with echr Santiago in tow.
CLEARED. t
Saturday, October 14.
Ger stmr Abydos. Liebtarlh. Hamburg, via
Seattle and Tacoma; J. D. Sureckels &. Bros.
Co.
Stmr City of Panama, Sandberg, Ancon, etc.;
P M S S Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. October 14.
Stmr Chico, Johnson, Fort Brace.
Stmr Porno, Kelnertsen,' Point Arena and
Albion. / . T ", •
Stmr Aurella, Erlckson, Astoria and Port
land.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, Bandon.
Stmr Roanoke, Dunham, San Pedro. . .
Stmr Atlas, Badger, .
•Stmr Eva. BJornstrom, Eureka. .
Stmr-'Pomona, Swanson. Eureka;. .
Stmr Vanguard, Odland, Eureka.
'Stmr. San Mateo."- ROMs, Seattle. . :
Stmr Costa Rica. Kidston, Astoria.
Stmr City of Panama, Sandberg. Ancon.
Schr Bessie X, Stark, San Vicente Landing,
i. TELEGRAPHIC. ' L
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 14. 10 p. m. — Weather
Yazy; wind NW; velocity 16 miles per. hour.
SPOKEN.
Per Br shiD Wayfarer — June 10. fn lat 3 30
E, long 2S IO W. \u25a0Fr bark Cambronne, from
Birkenhead, for San Francisco. Oct 11. in lat
37 N, long 133 W, saw a four-masted ship
steering east; had double: topgallant yards.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PARDY— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Marahfleld. for
San Dl*«o.
UNIO., LANDING— SaiIed Oct 14— Stmr
Newsboy, for Shelter Co\te.
NEEDLE ROCK — Arrived Oct U — Stmr Ab
erdeen, hence Oct 13.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Alca
traz, hence Oct if.
ABERDEEN— SaiIed Oct 13— Stmr G: C.
Lindauer and stmr Olympic, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Norwood, lor Sun Diego; schr A. J.
West, for Santa Rosalia: schr Deliance, for
Guo:ma»-. - _ X
Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Centralla, hence Oct 11.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Oct 14— Ship J. B.
Thomas, from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Oct 14— Schr
Robert Lcwers, from San Pedro.. Passed out
ward — Schr Falcon, from Mukllteo, tor San
'pORt'IOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 14— Schr
John A. Camybell, trom Portland.
Sailed Oct 14 — Stmr Northland, tor San Fran-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 14 — Bktn James
Johnson, from Tacoma; schr K. W. Bartlett,
from Willsija Harbor., . \i^ \_ \u0084
Sailed Oct 14 — .Stmr Noyo and etmr Cnenalls,
for San Francisco; uchr Camano, lor Port
*^)HT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San FranclßCO.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 14— fetmr
Centralia. hence Oct 10. ' T .,
Sailed Oct 13 — Stmr Norwood, for San Die
go; stmrs Olympic and G. C. Llndauur. for
fcian Francisco; schr A. J. West. lor~Santa
Rosalia: echr Dehance, for Guaymas; »ohrßari
gor, lor San \u2666 Pedro. "
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Signal,
hence Oct 11: schr Omeea, from San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed in (Jet 14 — Br ship Gar
net Hiil from Salina Cruz, for Port Townsend.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Oct 14— Br ship
Comliebank, from Chemalnus, for Antolagastu.
JUNEAU— SaiIed Oct 14— Stmr City of Su
attle, for Seattle. _ '
E\ ERETT— Sailed Oct 14— Schr Falcon, for
Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Dirlgo,
lr Sa 1 lled a uct a i3— Stmr Humboldt, for Skag'way.
Arrived Oct 14 — Slmr Santa Ana. from Val
de TACOMA— Arrvied Oct 14, 8:40 a m— Schr
Maweema, from San Dieco. ".
Arrived Oct 14— Fr ship Marechal \u25a0 Suchet,
from Hambur;. - ... „ .
Sailed Oct 14 — Schr Alvena, for San Pearo.
and schr Mary Hatweli, for .
NOME— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Senator, from
Seattle- stmr Victoria, from Seattle.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr
Bonita frtm San Pedro, and sailed Oct 14,
5 a m. for San Francisco. . . ,
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 14— Stmr Bee, for San
*Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Asuncion, hence Oct 10.
Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Alliance, for Eureka;
stmr Columbia, lor San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 14— Schr .W. F. Jewett, for ban
j Arrived Oct 14— Ship Henry Villard, from
11 BKLLINGH AM— Arrived Oct 14— Schr Susie
1 M. Plummer, hence SeDt 30. \u25a0...
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 13— Bark Foohng
Suey, for Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS.
I HONOLULU— Passed Oct 13— Br stmr Croy-
I don from Ocean Island, for San Francisco..;
Arrived Oct 13— Schr Aloha, from Port Gar
ni ble. Oct 14— Stmr Rosecrans, from Monterey,
with schr Monterey in tow.- •\u25a0\u25a0••; ' ;
Sailed Oct 14 — U S stmr Thomaß, for Manila.
KAHULUl— Arrived Oct 13— Schr Allen A,
fr mLO^S^led O<* 13— Bark St. Katherine.
for San Francisco: stmr Enterorise. , for San
Francisco. FORE i GNPORTS .- ~ - ; ;
1 IQUlQUE— Arrived Aug 28— Br stmr - Coya,
• from New York. Aug 31 — Br stmr Celia, from
I New York.: Sept 3 — Br fitmr. George Fleming,
from Pisague.: Sept 7— Ger stmr Serapig, from
1 Hamburg. for' San Francisco.; • . -^
Sailed Aiig 25) — Br stmr Coya, for Callao.
Sept 4_Br stmr Celia. for New York. ;
Arrived prior Sept 30 — Ital ship; Amphltrlte,
' PORT PIRIE — Arrived Oct I— Br stmr Port
Stephens, from Manila. „ \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0_ . -\u25a0_-
TALTAL— In port Aug 31— Br ship Fairport,
for U X • Ger bark Marco Polo,* for • U. : K. :
ST 'HELENA— In port Oct 12— Ship 8.. P.
Hitchcock for Cebu, and ordered, to Queens-
OCEAN ISLAND— SaiIed \ Sept 25-^-Br stmr
Croydon, for San : Francisco. . ;, .'
• NEWCASTLE. - Aus.— Sailed Oct 14— Br ship
Helga. for Honolulu.
jlOJl— Sailed Oct 13 — Br stmr . Hazel Dol
lar, for Hongkong. , t
Sailed ' Oct B—Br.'8 — Br. ' stmr Dakotah, for San
Francisco, via Kobe. \u25a0 *' v ' . •- "'
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Oct 13^-Ger ship
Neck, from Vancouver,' for Sunderland.-.
- -?~sA OCEAN \ STEAMERS. ;.
NEW YORK— -Arrived, Oct 14— Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton. \u25a0:•\u25a0
. PLYMOUTH — Arrived Oct 14— Stmr New
York, from New York.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO," Oct. 14 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 74-50] Philadelphia .....00-60
Uorton 5«-48!New York. ... 58-48
Jacksonville 72-OtJPittsburg • 66-54
St. Lduis ..74-34 Washington 64-42
Chicago "4-50 New Orleans 72-04
Honolulu, H. T. .S2-7t
SAN FRANCISCO ....00-54
THE COAST KKCOKD.
1\u25a0- a> ?. 'di o '•£ .'*=
- |- tin *i n'l
STATIONS. |, p§ |R; |
i* f*! • a T ?
• it * • •
Baker 30. 04 50 30 SE Rain T.
Carson H0. 04 <W 2fi W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka . . . ..7:50.20 «C- 42 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 30.00 78 '4t5 W (Tear .00
SE. Farrallon.3o.o7 .'>•? 52 N Clear .o\>
Flagstaff 30.00 «2 24 SW Clear .CO
Independence. .29. OS 70 4« SK Clear .UO
Lo.^ Angeles.. 3o. Ot> 74 58 S Clear JM>
Mt Tamalpals.3o.o7 f,7 rt(> NW Clear .<«)
North Head...:«t.lM> 56 44 W Cloudy .52
Phoenix 20.J10 8S 5K NR Pt.Cldy ".CO
Pt Reyea Lt. '.30.03 57 .W» NE Clear .00
Pocatello 30.10 50.24 PE <:loudy .IK)
Portland HO.C 4 5U 41) SW noudy'.'.OC
Red "Bluff 2U.518 78 52 SE near .00
Roseburg: 30.14 (SO ".4 NW Pt.Cldy .04
Sacramento . ."0.00. 80 4S NE Clear .fM>
Salt Lake 30.04 54 32 S (.Moudy .00
San Francisco.3o.oC 68 ."4 W • Clear .i>O
San Jose 30.04 84 4« NW Clear .o<>
S. L. 0hi5p0..30.0t3 74 42 NW Clear .00
San Dieso 80.00 «S 58 \V Clear .00
Seattle 29.H4 52.38 S Ooudy .»)<\u25ba
Spokane .....2t».1»<5 4S 30 SK Rain .21
Tatoosh 20.50 54 44 S Rain .21)
\u25a0\\ r innemucca...3i>.o4 i!o 18 SW Cloudy .00
Walla AVa11a..20.»4 50 :4() S • -Pt.Cldy .04
Yuma ...;.... 29.^8 00 58 \V Oear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The northern storm "Is apparently moving
slowly eastward alonp the international boun
dary. Rain has fallen throughout Oregon and
Washington. The following high ' winds hay:»
occurred: Tatoosh, 42 miles south, and North
Head, 52 Eoutheast. . •• .
' Warmer weather prevails . in \u25a0 Nevada and
Northern California.
FORECAST FOR OCTOBER 15:
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday;
fre&h west winds. ' ' .
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Sunday; light
south wind.
Sacramento Valley — Cloudy Sunday; fresh
south winds.
San Joaquin Valley— Fair Sunday: light
west winds.
Coast— Fair Sunday; fresh west winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday: warmer.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States. Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at'l-'ort Point, entrance to Kan Francuco
Bar. Published by ./official authority of the
superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than -at Fort Point; the height
of tide is. the same at both places.
SUNDAY. OCTOHER 15. ~~
Sun tlfcs 6:10 a.m.
Sun pets 5:33 p. m.
Moon ri»"» 6 :59 p. m.
O ;Tlme| ITimej -(Time! ITlme!
£. I Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft. I- Ft.
? |H W; 1L W| |H W| |L W|
15 I 0:5.11 4.51 5:57! 2.2112:071 5.1 6:341 O8
16 I 1:33 i 4.3! <i:3S| 2.5|12:25| 5.0 7:13 0.7
IV I 2:22| 4.2| 7:Ui| 2.t>]12:55| 5:01 7:56[ 0.«
IS I 3:14 4.1 7:4« i 3.0 1:30) 4.0 8:42 0.6
10(4:12 4.1 8:42 :».2 2:151 4.0 0:30 0.0
20 I 5:12 4.2 0:55 3.2 3:151 4.7 10:40 O.H
21 8:10 4.4 11:12 3.2 4:34, l 4.6 11:42 0.7
22 1 7:02| 4.6 12:23 ,2.81 5:65) 4.8 ...:. .....
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of . occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there, are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The "heights given" are in
addition to'the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height,. and then the number
given Is subtracted from the. depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of ' the lower lqw waters. '-'V '\u25a0"".;
Time Hall.
Branch HjdrographlQ Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange*. San Francisco, Cal.,/
. Saturday, October. 14; 1005:
The Time Ball on the' tower of the Ferry
building was .dropped exactly at noon to-day —
>. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich -time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U.* S. N.; . in charge.
Movement oZ Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. ,
Steamer. From. | Due.
Redondo. Portlands Astoria... .'|.Oct. 15
Nome City. . . Seattle .'. . .'. . ... .....;. Oct. 16
Norwood . Grays Harbor . .'. .\u25a0....:. [Oct. 15
Aragcnla.,... China and Japan .'..:. .lOct. 15
Germanlcus.. Oyster Harbor ......... Oct.*ls
Acme........ Wlllapa Harbor ........ 0ct.,15
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor ......... Oct. 15
Breakwater. . Coos Bay " Oct.' 15
C0r0na....... Humboldt .............. Oct. 15
Sea Foam .... Mendoclno ! & : Pt. Arena Oct. : 15
Arctic........ Humboldt . ... . .V... Oct. 15
Tiger........ Tacoma .............:. Oct. 10
North Fork.. Humboldt ............. Oct. 10
Chehalis..... San Pedro ..:..... .. ...|Oct. 16
Northland.".:. San Pedro .... ..V. ..... Oct. 10
Columbia..,. Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 10
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Pte. Oct. 1C
F. Leggett..; San-Pedro .............. Oct. 17
Amer. Maru.'. China & "Japan. .."..'.... Oct. 17.
Del Norte. . . Crescent: City : :'-.;-.: '-. ;-. Oct. IS
Eureka......' Humboldt '.....'..."...... Oct. IS
Pomona. .. . /. . Humboldt :.....'... . . . . Oct. IS
1 Coos 8ay..... San = Pedro & Way Pts|Oct. 18
City, Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports .... Oct. J8
,G. Dollar.;.'. Grays \u25a0 Harbor ......... Oct. 10
Roanoke..... Los Angeles Ports ' .'.; : Oct. ; la
J P0m0. ....... Point - Arena - & Albion. Oct. 10
! Santa Rosa.. . San Diego & ,\Vay Ports Oct. 19
Centralla. . . . Grays Harbor Oct. - 19
; Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahulul... Oct. 19
I Waddon .....". Iqulque \u0084.......'...\u25a0.;. ;; 0ct.:19
Oregonlan. '. . . Seattle - ..... ...:.; .*.... Oct. 'M
i City Sydney. . New -York : via • Ancon. . Oct.: 20
H0mer.."..:.. Portland &' Astoria..'... Oct.' 20
S. .; Grays \u25a0 Harbor . ... . . ;. .".iOct.;2o
M. P. Plant. . Coos Bay ; & Pt. Orford. Oct. 2i
Enterprise.:.* Hilo-- .;:.';". ....". T.. "..\u25a0... Oct.\2l
Costa -.Rica.. Portland & Astoria i.'.V. Oct. "21
80nita. ... . '. . Newport : & -Way Ports. Oct.*- 22
Newburg.... Grays ; Harbor.* ,..'.;...".'. Oct.;a2
Siberia . . . .... China and ; Japan . . . . .* . Oct. 23
Cascade...... Portland & "Astoria" .'.;" Oct.- 23
Ventura..'..-. Sydney & Way Ports. 0ct.: 23
Umatilla.'. . .' . Puget v Sound - Ports. . '. : Oct." 23
Aurella Portland & Astoria ..:. Oct. 25
Chan. Nelson. Seattle and iTacoma.*..'.. Oct.- 26
Neko. Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 26
COMMERCIAL NEWS
<7ontiuued from Pace 47.
-;, v -'r ' 'gas "and electric.
Cent L- & P 3% — SPG &E. 84%.55
Martel Powr 2 — Do certfa.. S4*i —
Mutual E L.:— 10% Stkn G& E. 5 —
Pac L C 0... 72# — I *
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fd.335* ; ; — I
. N BANK STOCKS.
Any Ntl*. Bk.l2"l a 130- L P & A... 145 157 Vi
Anglo-Cal ./91% W Mer -Trust... 22o 250
Bank of Ca1. 423 — Merch Ex... 55.
Cal Safe Dp.158 — S F National — ICO
First Natnl.32o 330
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.3000 — |Say &• L So.loo —
Hum S 8k.2000 — Sec Say Bk..Tj.'> —
Mutual 5av.10214 — Union T CO.2TOU '£M\>
S F Say U. 700 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .'.215 225 . I Presidio — —
Hawaiian C. — — \u25a0' |Makaweli C. 35V* —
HonokaaSC 15}$ 16 Onomea SO. — :—: —
Hutch SP C 15% 16 Paauhau SC 23 — '
Kilauea S C 4 4%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 00% 62 | Oceanic S Co 4U 5
Cal F C A. 98 yj'/ilPac Aux FA. 3*i —
Cal Wine A - 85 | Pac C 80rx.152H —
MV& MtTm.loo — | PacS Tel Co. — 104%
\u25a0 * \u25a0 ' SAI I*****
Morning Session.
§pi|sfe Board—
" 50 Anglo- Californian Bank 02 50
80 Contra Costa AVater, s 90.... 4S 12V4
(50 Contra Costa Water, s 90.... 4S 25
• 20 Contra Costa Water 48 25
10 Giant Powder Con 77 00
15 Makaweli :',S 50
20 Mutual Electric Light .... 10 50
130 Onomea Sugar Co ."4 00
120 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
$9,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 55. . !) t75
$3.OCO'S F, Oak &. S Jose Ky 0s lit 75
$1,000 S F & S J V Za U'J 12&
$20,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s IC4 60
$20,000 United R R of S F 4s S'J 50
Street—
50 Onomea Sugar Co 31.00
« Unlisted Securities.
\u25a0. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC £s.lO(i l 07«,! SK G&E4«/j5.102 —
B L Wat 65.114' — SF &NP r.5.112 —
Cal NW 55.11 l — SP C X Is. fltJvi 5)8 «i
M C Wat 5s — 114 Sun Tel C 5..112 —
O T Con 55.105%107 ! Do 5s ....UOVjlll
Risl Wksfis.lol — ISuttr-st Rss.lCs 110
SF Drdk 55.115 — |
§ MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... -- 25, \u25a0Mnt'Nav Co. 125 185
Am Bis Co.lol — I Mils Nat Hk..J25
Cal Cot Mis S'J 01 \u25a0IN S X R Co. — 12 Vi
Cal G&ECor W »1 !N Cal P Co. 11 life
C Jockey Cl. 122^130 lOk Bk Sav.lso —
Cal Powder.loo — ' |IOOF Ijall A «',i —
Cal Ship Co — 25 lOrpheum Co. IS —
CalT I & T.USO 175 |PacC Os C 0.140 —
Cen Bk, Ok — 75 | Pac Sur *.o. — 120
Chutes Co.. — 5 Paraf Pi.int. — 90
City& C nk.lo7^llo IS F Pvydock — 75
Cyp L Imp. 5 0 jKF U SJCoal 20 —
PptPwd com — •S7 I / 4| S \u25a0 Joss Wat.lCJ^ —
FN Bk. Ok. 120 — ISO &MTgbt.l2s —
Fischr Thtr 75c — ' So' Pac Co.. — VS.
Frnch-A Bk.lUS^ — I Swlss-A 8k.125 130
Gaa Con A. — 20 I Truck Elect. 17 184
Hono P Co. — CSi; I Union S Co. — 37^
Do old pi. — 3S I W-Kargo 8k.220 —
Do nw pi. — 37 I •
.SALES.
Morning Session.
Street— . '<'\u25a0':
\ $50,000 Sunset Tel & T 5s .110 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil stocks— Eld. Asked^
JVrllne \u25a0.'. 33 *\u25a0>
A*so Oil Stock cert 56 57
Claremont • 77 Va
Four 39
Home - • 54 57
Independence — 21,;
Junction 20
Kern... H CO
Kern (new) .30
Monte Crlsto 77 Va
Occidental of W Va. 04 ....
Oil City Petroleum 82',-j
Superior U5 ....
Thirty-three * 87 Vi ••••
To.tec ..••• "" w * ••;;
Wabash 35
OFFICIAL SALES.
Moraine Session..
Board — " .
1238 AsroOll Co cert 50
1000 Forty Oil, b 00 58
l~(xi Independence Oil 22
500 Monte Crlsto Oil .75
l>oo Wabash - •>•'
. . Mining Stocks."
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
9:30 a.' m. Session— Comstocks.
" 300 Caledonia ... 4S[ 4(K) Ophlr 550
700 Con Va M .. 1 50 COO Potosi 14
200 Con Va M. .1 55 -800 Savage 52
ICO Exchequer . . S2| 31K) Union Con . . 49
400 Hale & Norcl 15| 200 Yellow Jacket 22
SOO Mexican 1 10i
12 m. Informal Session — Comstocks.
800 Andes 25! 800 Gould & Cur. "21
900 \ndes ....... 26| SCO Gould & "Cur. 22
200 Andes b 30. 26 TOO Mexican .....1 10
300 Btlche'r . -7 200 Po.osl 12
ICO Belcher 25 23C0 Potosi 13
100 Belcher 2« -100 Potosi 14
400 Best 8e1..l 83 2CO Savage 52
100 Caledonia ... 47, 1200 Sierra Nev .. 30
400 Chollar 14} 200 Sierra Nev . . 29
200 Con Va M..1 50| WK) Silver. Hill .. 02
,170<> Con Va M..155J 700. Silver Hill .. 9t
100 C Va M.D5..1 55 100 Union Con .. 49
100 C Va M.ltfO.l COI SCO Utah 04
100 Con Va M..1 Co| 100 Yellow Jacket 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.l > Bid.Ask.
Alpha 10 12|Justlce 0.1 04
Alta ........ Oft <J3;Kentuck 01 12
Andes ........ 25 2t>"l>ady Wash... 02. —
Belcher . 2« 27 Mexican 110 1-15
Best & Bel.. 125 ISO Occidental ... 87 90
Bullion . 3K 4fl| Ophlr .....T. 50 5 62V4
Caledonia ... .47 49| Ophir-Bruns... 07-10
Challenge .":. 17 ls», Overman ll 13
Chollar .. U 15| Potosi 12 13
Confidence ..70 75! Savage ..'.... 51 63 1
Con Va -M..1 50 1 551 Scorpion .:... 13 14
Con Imperial 01 02|Sep Belcher.. 04 05
Con N V.... 01 02! Sierra Nev ..29 30
Crown Point. 07 09; Silver Hill .. 91 93
E Sierra Nev — C 3] Union Con .. 4S 50
Eureka C0n..2 25 — I Utah 03 05
Exchequer ... 52 5.11 St Louie .... 00 —
Gould & Cur. 21 ' 23, Syndicate ....\ll —
Hale & Norcl 10 115 Yellow Jacket 23 24
Julia 06 f8;
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
2000 Blu» Bull . . OS| 1100 M'Nmra, bOO 39
1000 Bullfrog Ex. 3![2000 M'Nmra. b 60 40
100 Bullfrog. Ex. :!2 100 Mont T0n...2 67H
25C0 Blfg Ex, h 30 :u\ 100 Mont Ton ...2 55
1000 Bulirrog Mln 50! 13,650 Mont Ton. .2 50
150 Cent Eureka.. 1 50j 200 Mont Ton.-. .2 52%
300 C Eureka. b5.1 50| 500 Mont Ton. b5.2 50
\u25a0!\u25a0 — ; +'
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Deetlnatlon.. _*l Sails.! Pier.
October IS. | L
Rainier.... Seattle* Bell' ham | 2 pm|Pier 10
W. Kruser. Los Angeles Port* .6 ptn|Pler i
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports.. 1 pmlPier 2
Eureka..... Humboldt ......... 9'amjPler - ft
S Rosa.... s »n Diego & Way. 9amJPltrll-
October 1«. I
Prentlss.... Humboldt ......... 5 pmlPier 16
Samca.:..- Lot" Angeles Ports 10 am iPler 2
J Hlgcins. Los Angeles Ports 12 mjPler 2
laniiii-- Seattle *'c Tacoma . 5 pmjPier 2
Chchalla..- Grays Harbor .... 3 pm|Pler 'i
fj O y O ... Humboldt ........ 5 pmlPier. 2o
M. F. Pl.»nt Coos Bay \ 4 pmjPler 11
Northland.. Astoria & Portia nd| 10 amjPler 27
San Pedro.- Grays Harbor .| 4 pm|Pler. 2
Octoher 17. I I -
CoronaJ Humboldt . . . . ..... '1 :30 plPler 9
Breakwater Coos Bay ........ 5 pm Pltr 8
Marlposa... Tahiti direct ...... 11 am Pier 7
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amPler 9
80nita....; Newport. &.-. Way.. 9 am|Pler IX
•"October IS. |
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way . .\ 2 pmjPier 27
Arctic...... Humboldt .." 9 amPler 2
Sea Foam. . Point Arena ....... 4 pmlPier 2
- October 1». II
Roanoke... Portland- and. Way. l 2 pm Pier 5
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports 10 am Piei* 10
State of Cal San Dieso & Way..' 9 am Pier 11
G. Llnduuei Grays .Harbor ...:....... Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandlll amiPler 24
. October 20. I I
Corbnado-.. Grays- Harbor .... 2 pmlPier 10 !
Pomona.... Humboldt -......:.. lr3op;Pler 9
Oregonlan.. New York direct. . .. | Pier 23
" October 21.: \ | .
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor ".... 4 pmlPier 20
P0m0.1.... Pt.; Arena & Albion '«» pmlPier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro& Way.l 9 am Pier 11
Coptic..... China & Japan.... I 1* ym Pier 40
San Juan. :" N V via Ancon. ...112 m Pier 40
\u2666 October 22. i |
City Puebla Puget Sound Pts.. lll am|Pler 9
. i,. . October 24. ;
Costa Rica Astoria' &; Portland 11 am Pier 24
\u25a0•'\u25a0.-> •\u25a0 -.\u25a0''\u25a0• •-t October 23. " . \u25a0\u25a0 - ' --"
San Mateo Seattle and Tacomal 5 pmlPier 20
, October 20.' " 1 I x
Nebraskan. Hono.": &;Kahulul..| 3 pm|Pler.23
FROM SEATTLE. -
~, Steamer. : Destination. "... ' \ Sails. .
Santa Ana . . . Seward & Way ; Ports : . (Oct. 16
City Seattle.: : Skagway & Way ' PortsiOct. 17
Jefferson ..... Skagway & iAVay - Ports. !Oct. ' 20
Farallon. . . . •-, Skagrway : & - Way Ports] Oct. 24
Dolphin.. .".'. . I Skagway ; &" Way Ports. |Oct." 25
Portland ..'. . . Cooks ' lnlet &•& • Way. Pts. !Oct. 25
Edith f . . ".."; . .' ,\ aiuez '. & \u25a0\u25a0 Seward ; ; .: r. [Oct. ; 'M ',
"While grass f will . not grow in . certain
parts-' of -."Africa;' these localities are the
richest in flowering plants.
2000 Conqueror . . 13| 3000 North Star. , . . . *•
10C0 Den Bullfrog 3« 2000 N Star, b lg- *»
3000 Den Bullfrog .3312000 N S***-** 0 - «
500 .Dixie ....... 10 2000 North; SUr... |»
1500 Empire 05 4500 Orig Bullfrog.
3100 Empire' ..... 06 1000 Red Top. » 10 .-2J
800 Goldfleld, Mm 5S 2000 Red Top ••••.'Ji
1000 Gold Quart*. 35 100 Ton Belmont..l 4U
60 Jim Butler.. f8 100 Ton E*t? n..1n ..I" 8 ™
100 Jim Butler.; 65 100 Ton Gold Mt. j*
500 Jim Butler.. PC| 500 Ton GoUT Mt. "
500 Jumbo Ex . . 23! 5000 Home Con.b3O v»
2000 Kendall ...... -o:30CO Ton Hme Con 0^
10CO Kendall, b 90 22J30C0 HomeCon.b9o l"
3000 Kendall 19 400 Ton Midway.-! 4^
10,000 Kendall. s5 19' 100-W End. s 10 SR.
2500 MacNamara.. 37J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. \
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. [MacNamara.. 3j» ; *^
Belmont ....I 40 1 42: Midway x 4? 1 a
Belmont Ex.. — 12|Mtzpah Ex .. H "
Boston Ton.. 12 13j Mont Ton ...2 50-&-
Brgr's JB Ex — 10|Mon Pttsburg — ™
California ... C 5 10; Monitor °2 ~
Cash Boy .. 16 18! Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 10( Lucky Tom.. — «a
Eula Con ... — 17 N V Ton Con 1« W
Gold Anchor. 86 87 North Star... 4S 49
Golflen Gate. — OS Ohio Ton 25 2.
Gold Mt 11 13 Red Rock Ex — 15
Gold Mt Con — 0l! Ton Exten ..5 «•> 6CO
Great Westrn 03 041 Rescue 07 03
Ind Tonopah. 01 C2i Ton Hme Con 0. OJ
Home ....... OT> 10 TonSlv & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler. . 65 67[ Ton of Nev.l3 00 13 25
J Butler Ex. — 17; Virginia 10 —
Little Ton . . — 2 00( West End ... 96 97
Goldfleld District.
Adams 04 05! Highland — 20
Atlanta 11 12 1 Great Bend .. — JH*
Aurora 06 OU Jumbo M Co. £
Klack Ants.. — Of, Jumbo Ex ... — > -*
Black Butte. IS 20, Juno — »>:
Blk Btte Ex. 02 O*. Kendall 19 -JJ
Black Rock.. 01 C 3 Kendall Ex.. — «j-
Blue Bell ... 05 C 6 Lone Star ... 08 09
Blue Bull ... OS C 9 Lucky Star.. — 04
Brooklyn ... 01 02 May Queen ..15 U
Btte Goldfield — 33 Mohawk 13 15
Bull & Bear. 02 C3| Nevada Boy.. 13 IS
Booth M Co. 05 — 1 Nev Goldfield. -5 —
COD 4ft 50' Nev Southern. — ij-
Columbia ... 15 — [Oakes -* J"
Columbia Mt. 15 IS| Oakland — 10
Conqueror ..12 15|Oro — «J
Diamond ... — 13 Pennsylvania. C 2 C 3
Dlamondfield. .21 25 Red Lion 03 04
Dmdfld Trngl — 10 Potlatch — 5j
Dixie ..: 10 ,121 Red Top 61 b-
Dominion ... — C6i Rf d Top Ex. 02 03
Empire 05 06; Sandstorm .. •>» —
Exploitation. — 04 Sandstorm Ex 0* C 9
Fawn OT> —{Sherman — -»
Florence ....2 50 4 COf Silver Pick... 07 M
Frisco — OSlSlmmerone .. — -»
Gold Dust .. — 07| St Ives 13 10
Gold Hill ... — 04. Treasure "04 to
Goldfleld Mln 58 «0| Verde — "•
Gld& G Reed — 10, Vernal 0* Cj
Gldfld Rand. 05 C6j Wonder — «-
Goldfield Ton — OC|
BuU'rog District.
Amargosa .^OB V> Gold Bar 18 20
Amethyst ... — 13; Gldfld Bullfrg — W
Big Bullfrog. 12 — jLige Harris.. 02 r 03
Bonnie Clare €5 — ] Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullfrog. Mln 45 \u25a0 sC|Orlg Bullfrog- 21 22
Bullfrog Anx 02 04; Pilot 20 —
Bullfrog Com C 6 — t Red Dog «* J-
Bullfrog Ex. 3:: 35! San Francisco 17 l»
Blfrg Bundle 10 — (Shoshone .... — 10
Blfrg Jumper 10 —1 Shoshn B Gld — 25
Bullfg N Bk 15 ie;st*lnway 13 14
Den Bullfrog 31 .W Ventura 11 —
Dn Blfg Anx 05 CV Vista Grande. — C 3
Eclipse 41 43| Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 14: Paymaster ... 02 03
Congress .... 15 —| Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Esperanza .. — Ollßocco Hmstk. — SO
Gold Reer M 15 — i Rothwoll — -«
Gold Quarts. 32 —'.Sliver Peak.. — 1»
Kawlch &B. — 13; Southwestern. — 25
Kawlch King — 01|Sylvanla 09. 15
Kawch MCo 06 (19! Tokop Con ... — 01
Lida Hawk.. — 60|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were th« sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30- a. m. Session.
700* Andes 24MC00 Kendall 20
"500 Blue Bull ... 03| 200 Mexican 1 10
100 Con Va M..1 40 500 Mont Ton. ..2 601^
400 Con Va M. .1 45 500 Orlg Blfg. b6O 21
200 Con Va M.I 47*41 300 Red Top 61
1500 Eclipse 42' 20< 10 Rescue OS
1000 Goldfleld Mln 501 300 Ton Midway..l 4a
3000 Home ... C 9[ 2000 Ton N Star..
11 a. m. Session.
SCO Gold Anchor. 871 1C0O Orlg Bullfrog. 21
3500 Hme Con.bOO CO, 1500 Red Top. s 10 61
ICOO J Butler. slO 6S 500 Red Top 62
20C0 Juriibo Ex .. 241 300 Ton Mtdway..l 43
45C0 Kendall 201 5W N Star, s 10 49
1000 MacNamara.. 37! 3000 Ton N Star.. 4S
9CO Mont Ton ..2 50' 1000 Ton N Star. . 49
150 Opnl» 5 50! KOO West End ... 97
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha : 10 12|Kentuck — 02
Ait a : — 05! Lady Wash ...— 04
Andes' 24 —I Mexican. .....1 10 113
Belcher 28 27| Occidental ... 87 91
i Best & 8e1. .1 30 1 40|Ophlr ...5 37% 5 62^
Bullion 38 — ! Overman .... 11 —
Caledonia ... 47 — { Potosi 14 —
Challenge ... 15 —.Savage 52 53
Chollar H — I SPg Belcher.. Oo —
Confidence .. — 80| Scorpion 13 —
Con Va M..1 50 —I Sierra Nev ..28 30
Con Imperial — 02 1 Silver Hill ..92 —
Con N V — 04! St Louis — 11
Gould & Cur. 21 221 Union Con .. 4S 50
Hale & Norcl 10 —.Utah 03 05
Julia 09 —Yellow Jacket 22 — ;
Justice — 04
£ Tonopah District.
Belmont ...1 40 1 47%' Mlrpah Ex ..10 13
California -•• 07 — Mont T0n.. .2 50 2 524,
Cah Boy .- — 20 N V Ton Con 20 21
Colehan ..... - 101 North Star... •» 49
Gold Anchor. 87 —[Ohio — 30
Great Westrn 02»4 04| Paymaster ... — C 2*4
Home OStt 10'Rcscue — C 8
Home Con .. — C9| S Nev Dev.. — 10
Ind Tonopah. 01% 02; Ton Exten ..5 .5 —
Jim Butler. . — f», Ton of Nev.l2 50 13 23
Lucky Tom..* — 17} United Ton .. — 13
MacNamara.. — 3s!\V«st End ... —110
Midway ...1 42 Vi 1 43|
Goldfleld District.
Adams ...... 04 CSV 4! Jumbo M Co. 70 —
Austin ... — 31 1 Jumbo Ex ... — 23
Black Butte. 17 20: Kendall 19 20
Blk Btte Ex. — 03W Lone Star ... C 9 —
Black Rock.. — ftUJay Queen .. 16 —
Blue Bell ... 04 oo' Mohawk 15 —
Blue Bull ... 10 — Nev Goldfield. 27 —
Brooklyn ... C 2 05 Oakes^. — C 9
Columbia Mt 18 — jOro — 05
Diamond ... 08 15* Pa Goldfleld.. 02 03
; Diamondfield. 28 —I Red Lion 02 C 3
i Dlx ie '10 lit Red Top — 61
I Frisco — 10| Red Top Ex. 01% —
! Exploitation. — 03' St Ives 14 16
Gldfld G Dst — ' 07 Sandstorm ... 40 50
GJd& G Reed 11 —(Sandstorm Ex OS —
Gldfld L Star — OSjSilver Pick... — 09
Goldfleld Nev 57 — ISimmerone . . 2O —
Great Bend .. 03 .—[Vernal....... C 5 —
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 01 03| Llge Harris.. 01 —
Realty Blfrg —, 05! Mont Bullfrog — CS
BuUfrog Anx -' 041 Orig Bullfrog. 20 22
Bullfrg Belle — 0« Shoshone .... — 12
Bullfrog Mm — r5r 5 Vista. Grande. — 1*
Bullfg N Bk 14 l«l Wolverine ... — 11
Eclipse — **l
Other Districts.
Brown — 10! Pine Grove .. 20 25
E-«peranza .. 00% ot| Ray & O'Brien 05 —
Fre« Gold . . — 13! Rothwoll — 25
Gold Mt Con. — f 2l Sliver Peak.. — 21
Kawlch Gold., — ts!Ton Berkeley. — 02
Nev Sunshine 15 — ! Ton Gold Mt. 10 13
- RA ILVV-AY JTRAVEL.
I^^^^Ql CAZADERO, Etc,
!^^S^^'^S^«J' Vla Sllu " aI It«> Kerry.
buburbanTervic'e. standard gauge.
DeDart week days and Sundays at 7:0o (ex-
cept Sunday). 7:45, »:25. »:10. 9:50. 11:00 a,
m \u25a0 l*:20 1:45. 3:15. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:3 ft
Vl5 ».Co'. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
*For Fairfax, week days— 7:4s a. m.. 3:15 p.
m (Saturdays only). 5:15 p. m. • daily except
Saturday and Sunday: Sundays and holidays —
7-15 »:10. 11:00 a, ro.. 1:43 p. m.
' ' THROUGH -TRAINS.
' 7-45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 P-. ™. Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
etc '
6-15 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun-
days—For Point Reyes, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— CoO Market st.
FERRT — Union • Depot, foot of Market, st.
SANTA FE TRAINS
7 -30 a. ro. 1 For Stockton. Merced. Fresno. Han-
\u25a0 ford. Vlsalia, Bakersfleld and In-
S*oo p. m. teririedlate points.
' 1 California Umlted. 3 days to Chl-
o*3o a m. • cago.- Mondays and Thursdays.
Direct connection to Grand Canyon.
'Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
ced Fresno," Hanford. Visalia and
0:30 a. m. f Bakersfleld and points on the Si-
.W.V-" .J erra Railway.
4:00 p. m. JFor Stockton and Intermediate
i point*. '*
Overland Express, for Chicago.
Kansas City. Denver and Grand
Canyon.' "
Ticket Offices— «Ts.l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 112 Broadway. Oak-
- land. Cal. : also 27 South First. San Joae.
MT.fAMALPAis Railway
d&Bff£&!± Leave S. F. 9:.M> a M 1:43 r m
F"K«nQmm Arrive S. F. 20:45 A M 2:55, 6:2-' PM
W^^^' SKUaDIT 051T
Lv.5.F. 4:35 pm Ar.S. F. 11:25pm
STJSDITS 135 IKiL HQUBITS
Lv. S. F. 8:23,9:50.11:00 AM 1.45pm
Ar. S. F. 1-^0, 2-.5Q, 4:23, 6:22 ru
tICUT \ 650 Market ST.,(North Shoreßailroad)
OmciS I and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market St.
RAILWAY TRATEI* j- < rwismnr** *
_«-««^-- Trains le»re and »r« d««
>^TH^K to »rrWe »t
/fflrf-gl^Sy SAN FKANCISCO.
1 (^cj&W j Fbom Octobss 3. 1301
vQ >l^£=^>Cy Fjebsy D*pot
N^ClO^ (Toot of yt arfcet Street.)
-7*l^r=— MA I NjjN E . - a»«t»
~7 nfiAK-Hntra VacaTlUe. Winters. Ramsey. 7.43P
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. /.ASP
7.48.
Mendota, Armona. UanXord. . 4Cgp
Vlsiilio. Portervlllo '•'••'"'\u25a0\u25a0-;•• } 4.48P
8 20a Port Costa, Lathrop. Merced^ ,)w-
desto. Fresno. Hanford. \ Uallo,
Bakeralleld iV^v"
4.08,
8 - 40AO^ n -o 11 r e a. SSfSSi.ii?i-^ 4 08,
B.OOA AtUatlc Expres»-Ocden snd East. *.ZBP
9 .40AR1c K nd v , fcg««ftKS»Jg 6.48.
I 0.20 a Vallcjo. Daily. Kapa, Sunday onlr 7-4S"»
Lathrop, Stockton. Merced,
Kajmond. Fresno, Go«hen June
tlon. Hanford. Lemoore. \ isalla,
Bafcersfleld, Los Angeles. ——• 1-O9W
lO^OaEI Paso. Kansas City. SU Louis and
\u25a0T*litcszo ••• •••••••••••••••••••• 0 *w~
11.00A The OTcriand Limited— Omaha,
Chlcaso, Denrer. Kansas City... 5.43 i»
11.40ANlle». SsnJosesndWay Stations. 2.48P
JVOOpSacramentoßtver Steamers.. t114)0P
3-20PPort Costa, Martinez Brron.Tracy.
Modesto. Merced. Fresno IZOBP
3.2oPTo«emlte and Marlpo'» Big Trees.
Monday, Wednesday snd Friday 8.48 a
3.4oPBentcla, Bacrsmento.
Woodland. Knights Landing,
•." ' Marysvllle and OroTlllo "S-iS 1 *
3.4opHayward,Ulles, and 17«y Stations 7.48P
44J0PVaUeJo. Martinez. San Ramon,
Nspa, Callatoga. 6anta Roia -?•?!*
4.oopNllca. Tracy. Stockton. L0d1....... 10-28*
4,4oPHayward. NUes. Irvlngton. Baa j Jf .48a
Jose. Llrermore ...7 511.48 A
6-00PThe Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banoa, Mendota, Fresno, Tulara,
1 Bakersfleld. Los Angelea 8.48*
s.oBPCnlcaso and St. Louis Special— El
Paso, Kansas City, St Louis and
Cnlcago S'if*
ts.2opHarward. Jllles and San Jose 7.03 a
6-20PVal!eJo. Port Costa, Benlcia, Bul-
\u25a0nn. Sacramento..... 1 i-Zoa
6-OOp Eastern Express— Omaha, Calcairo,
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno. Sparks, Montello. Ogden .. 12.48p>
' 6.20p Hayward, XIIe» and San Joso .. v .. 8.48 a
74)0PBeno Passenger— Port Costa. Be- . ;,» -
ntcla, Sulsun, Elmlra, Dlioa.
DaTls,Sacramento. Sparki, Tono-
• pah,QoldaeldandKeeler 74)3*
T.OOPVaIIeJo, Crockett mnd Way Sta-
tions, Sanday only 11.23*
B^OPOregon* California Express— Sac-
ramento. MarysTllle. Keddlngi
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 843*
9-COp Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (Snn-
dayonly) - ...111.48*
COAST LINE CUrnm Uaose).
(Foot of Market Street.)
B.lsa Newark, CentervlUe. San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek. SanU
Crnz and Way Stations 5.55P
t2.lspNeirark, Centervllle. San Jose,
m New Almaden. Los ftatos, Felton.
Boalder Creek. Santa Croz and
Principal Way S tatlons t10.65*
4.lspNewark. Saa Jose, LoiGatos ....•{ y^W^
B^4spHanters Train— (Saturday only) • A J
Ban Jose and Way Stations t7.59P \u25a0
COAST LINE <Hroad Wangs).
t3f"(Thlrd and Townsend Streets.)
6.10* San Jose and Way Stations §30p
7^o*San Jose and Way Stations 6-40P
SCOANew Almadea (Tnes., Fr!.. only).. 4>lOP
8430* The Coaster— 6an Jose. Salinas,
Ban Ardo. Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita. San Luis Oblspo.
Gnadalnpe, Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10-30»
O.COAGllros, Hulllster. Palaro, Castro-
Tllle. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
• Surf. LomDoc 1030p
9 00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Watsonvllle,
Capitol a, Santa Cruz. Pacl&o
Grove. Salinas, San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4.1 Op
10.30 a San Jose and "Way Stations 1.20?
I 1 .30a San Jose and Way Station* 7.4 UP
2.1 5p San Jose and Way Stations B.SS*
3.OOPDe! Jlonte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose. Watsonvllle. Santa.
Crnz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific Grove 12.15P
f3.COPLoa Gatos. Wright. Boulder Cree*.
Santa Crnz, via Santa Clara and
KsrrowGauze 10.45*
3.3o? South San Francisco, San Jose,
Gtlroy, Holllster, Tres Plnos 10.45 a
4-30p Saa Jose and Way Stations 17.65 a
t5 OOP SanU Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos, +9.PnA
{5.30P San Jose and Principal Way Stations 39.40*
&.45PSnnset Express— Bed wood, Saa ;
Joae. GUroy. Salinas. Paso
RoMes. San Luis Oblspo, SanU
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng,
El Paso, New Orleans 9.10*
5.45PE1 Paso, Kansas City. Sc Louis,
Chicago 9.10 a
5-45pPaJaro, Watsonvllle. Capltola.
SanU Cruz. CastrovtUe. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove IC-30P
t5-15PSan Mateo, Beresford. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair OaIES,
Menlo Park, Palo Alto t8.48*
6.3opSan Jose and Way Stations 6.38 a
"B.ofJPPalo Alto aid Way Stations 10.15*
1 1.J0PS>uth San Francisco, M [librae, Bur-
llngamc, San Mateo, Belmont; .
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks, i
Menlo Part and Palo Alto 9.45j»
11.30P Saturdays only for Maytleld, Moun-
t*ln View, Sunnyvale. Lawrence.
Santo Clara and San Jose t9.45p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY "
< Foot of Market St.)
t 7.15 a.m. 8.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.1 5 p.m.
A for Morning. % -P for Afternoon.
\u25a0{Sunday excepted. .Sunday only.
only.
{Daily, and stops at all stations en Sunday.
ulifoenia Northwestern ry. ca
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of .Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— I:3O. 0:0O a. m.; 12:35. 3:3<\
5:10. 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m.; 12:33. 3:3 a 3:l<X
6:30 p. m.
SAN HAFAEL TO S.\N FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS — 6:05. 7:33. 7:8 O. 9:20 a. m.:
. 12:50. S:4f». 5:0 O. 5:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— ti: O3. »:ih>. S:18. 9^40 a. m.; 3:40.
4:50. 5:0 O. 5:20. 6:30 p. m.
Lenve I In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. 1 Oct. 8. 1903. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- t Week
Daya. 1 days. I tlon. | days. \ Days-
7:30a 8:00 a g 9:10 a! S:4O a
0:0O a 0:30 a Ignacio. 1O:4O a 10:20 a
3:30 p SCOp «:0O p( 6:20 9
5:10 p s:U>p • 7 :30 p|
0:«Oal 0:30 at Xapa I 9:10 al 8:40 p
5:10 pl 5:10 p| 1 6:20 pi 6:20 y
7:30 at I 9:10 al 8:40 a
• S:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:23 a
8:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 » 4
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. ifelsHMS
7:30 at ' 10:40 ai 10:25 a
[8:00al Fulton 7:30 pl 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:.TOp| I
Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a Hleadsburs 10:40 a 10:25 a>
liVtton
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllla 7:30 p 6:20 p
I Cloverdale
7-3«>al S:O«%a( Hopland 110:40 a' 10:25 a
3:3«>pl 3:20 p|.' and Vkiah | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
j j Wimts and } T~
: 7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood | 7:30 p| C:2op
7:.Ti>a| B:Waj 110:40 a] 10.25 a
f»:3O p| 3:30 pl Guernevllle | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| i«:0o a I Sonoma I 9:10 al A:4Oa
; 5:10 p( 5:10 pt Glen Ellen | 6:00 pt 6:20 p
7 :30 at 8 :0o al I1O:4O a 10:23 a
3 :30 p( 3 :30 p{ Sebastopol 7:30p 6:20 p
5:10 pl 5:10 p> •
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
I Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs -nd Mark West Springs: at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyscrvllle for Skag^s
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon-
vll!e and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlte. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at Uklah
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blu«
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per. Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Llerly**. Hullville. Orr"* Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoctno
City. Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wll-
llts for Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtlle, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond -San Rafael at half rates.
Tlcktt office. 650 Market st.. Chronic!* butld-
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN. ' '
G>n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE WEEKLY CALL
SI per Year.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank Clearings increase $3,989,000 last week.
Nczv York Stocks and Cotton about as before.
Good Saturday business in local Bonds and Mining shares.
Silver, fractionally lower. Exchange rates unchanged.
Wheat and Barley Futures higher. Cash quotations as before.
Oais, Corn, Hay and Feedstuff s generally firm.
Beans still unsettled, with liberal receipts.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs scarce, and the latter higher.
Provisions and Live and Dressed Meats as before quoted.
AVrc York reports increasing firmness in Hops.
Refined Sugar marked tip . 1 5c per pound.
Fresh Fruits active on local and shipping account.
Poultry market absorbing large receipts readily.
Wild Duck season begins to-morrow. '
River Potatoes in oversupply and ivcak. Onions firm.
Bank rirariog*.
Traneajctlorj at the local Clcarinr-house
iuriEg th» week Just ended amounted to $SS,
930,674, against $35,001,633 during the corre
tpenci.z& w«k of last year, showing en ln
c.iraae of $3.5>59.335. The clearings for ths
eirne treek in 1903 were $33,851,657
Northern Shlasrle Market.
A trad, journal cays: "Since the cuspen
*:oa of the lake axd rail buelne«a trora Paclflo
Coast points, the withdrawal of. th© rates be
cornlr.c e^tcuve on the 30th of last month,
fh'.ngie prices have fallen off about sc; th«
market is now quoted steady. Several ehlngle
reacts have closed down and the movement
-r-a-usrurated by th« Shlngl* Manufacturers' Bu
reau for a. general winter cloee-fiown of two
mot:tii« ie erowlcg rapidly. The ehlngle manu
facturers who are In the combination to close
<-ows their plant* for a stated period during
-.he winter aeaaon feel that the Blackening of
the market will prove beneficial to their pro
ject, inasmuch as there will not be the tame
Inducements to oontlnne manufacturing as
were oSered before the market began to de
cline."
The Vanderllp Speech Acnln.
The New York wires of E. F. Hurton & Co.
yest«reay «alfi:
- •'Sellers of ctocke on the VarjSerlip speech
rave beea astonished at the underlying strength
of the market. They «iw the contracts pass to
strong hands, some of whom are affiliated with
th« Interests whose viewe Mr. Vanderllp is
euppesed to reflect. . They realize that, boiled
down, this gentleman's utterance* were far
more favorable to the bull than to the bear.
There Is a positive feeling that the 6hort com
mitments made on the Idea that the Standard
Oil capitalists are working for a decline will
be covered on an adrar.ee. Despite tfc'.a week's
i reaction In prices, the technical poeition of the
£1 -tock market Is explained by the continued
"* absorption o f stocks by (substantial Interests.
Contrasting prevailing trade conditions with
those of a little more than a year ago, a good
authority eeys that then the problem of the
teianagement was how to keep prices from
paing down. To-day Its Ingenuity Is being
taxed to keej> them/ from going up to avert a
ruaaway market." '
Ralsinsi and Dried Fruits.
Mail advices from Xew York say:
"Buyers" hesitation to confirm orders for
r.ew crop California seeded Raisins has been
increased by *he development of Important out
eiae competition. The California Fruit Can
r.^rs 1 Association, which has entered the IMed
Fruit fitld, is making & bid for a share of the
Raiein business by putting out prices that on
***de<i goods are half a cent a pound lower
thin those Issued by the Raisin Growers' Com
pany en Thursday last, or 7» 4 c for fancy and
T^sc for choice seeded la one-pound cartons
t. o. b. crtast. This competitor of the combine,
b*?ing 'a a more independent position than the
•rnaJler fry by reason of Its large Interests
In other direet-ons, *nd being errdemly pre
pared to mate sacrifice cf profits to get a
ggOPC foothold in this, for It. new field. Is
expected to make a. stiff fight to gain ita
point. It is understood here that the Cali
fo:r.ia Fruit Canners' Association Is well
quipped in the matter of packing and seeding
raeihties and that there is a sufficiently large
tereage in Raisins not under contract 'to the
combine or rackere affiliated with it to assure
an ample eupply of Raisins for seeding pur
poses. Moreover, the threat of injunction pro
ceedlrgs, whirh has been «ffecUve with smaller
••eders, will. H is believed, be without <*e
terrem influence upen this more formidable
competitor of the claimant of exclusive patent
rights in ell seeding devices. Email outside
eeeders of California R»is!r.s are offering r.ew
crop fancy seeded at "ijc f. o. b. without ap
parently attracting much attention from buy
ers here. Imported Raisins, especially Smyrna
eu»tar.as. are in active demand and the busi
ness so far done in the new crop is .said to
h.a\-e be«n larger than Jn many years past.
, foine trade authorities estimate the quantity
BOJ4 for distribution in the United Staue from
the beginning of the season to- date at fully
€5.000 boxes. Currants remain firm in the pri
mary market and fire steady but rather quiet
fcere. Prunes were steady, but with appar
ently little Inquiry for prompt or future de
liveries. Peaches and Apricots were somewhat
eperisgly cStered and w*re held on the pre
vious high le\el of prices."
EASTERN MARKETS.
-V*w York Money Market.
IvEW TORK. Oct. 14.— Close: Mon»y on call
tc~.;r.i^. No loan*. Time loans firm; 60 and
$0 £aye, 5©5% per cent; elz inorths; 4%@41t
P«r cent.
J*rlnie mercantile i»arer, SSSV* per cent.
BterliE« exchange strong, with actual trasi
tt-'s la bankers' billt at $4.857554.55t>5 for de
ts&nd. &r«fl at $48225^4 8240 ior 60-day bills;
I»*ted rate* $4 52%@4 R-3 and $4 86%; com
mercial billa. $4 51%,54 82.
Ear »ilver. 61 %c.
Mexican dollars, 47% c.
Gov«ranject bonds eaty; railroad bonds firm.
Jfew York Stock List.
E. F. Euttoa & Co.. 490 California Street,
Eaa Fraacieco, na^mbers of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
E&les. 6TOCKS. \u25a0 High !Low' Bid.! Ask.
Afiems Express 240 ,248
Allla Chalmers .17% I 17*4
Do pfd t9?i 60Vi
• eoo.Amal Copper ... h*% 643 i 84% 84%
Am Bret Sujrar 24% 26%
Ho pfd 82% S5
....... Am Caa Co j 10% II
Do pfd 71% 72
600 Am Car & FdryJ 88 87% 87% 37%
100' Do pfd 100% 100% 100 100%
k. 100 Am Cotton Oil.. Sl% 31% 31 32
j Do '.t4 92 100
!Arn Dist Tel 34 36
lAm Expr<?w 225 235
'Am Grass Twjne 6% 7
lAm Hide & L 6% 6%
800: Do pfd 33 £3 33 83%
!Am Linwd 18 18%
Do pfd 40 42
9,W/Ani T/>ccmoUve. €1 60% 60% 60%
j Do pfd 112% 114
'Am Malt 5% 6 •
( Do pfd 25 26
2.2fi0 Am Strait A Ref 128*4 128 127% 12S
SOOj Do pfd !121>,i!120% 121 121%
'Am Sugrar ......< 140 140%
I Do pfd I t 140 142
SOfi'Am £t*^l Fdrles.' 12% i 12% 12% 12%
800 Do r«fd 44%j 44% 44% 44%
!>.te T<b pfd.... 102v4i102 ! 102% 103
f/yjAm W001en".... 3S 37% 37%! 37%
! Do pfd ICI 103
lAnaconda '. 118 119
i-*T<:« ArJor 82 3"
I Do pfd 1 75 ' M
I, COO; Atlantic C Line. 'l 62% 1C2% IC2 163
. S.COO'A Tft Bant* Fe! SS% SS*4 BS% »S%
! Do P fd !| IOS% 104%
1,400 Bait £.- Ohio 112%!ll2%!lI2>/ilI12%
! J^o pfd 90% »7
.......Bay State Ga«.. 1 3-16 H
MOO'S R T I 72% 72% 72 72%
iTlrooklyn V Gaßl J..... 184 188
ißrUMTrtcfc DJtl.j 14% 14%
Huuerick Co j M jCO '
Car.ad« Southern! I €SHi co
D.Boo!€B£&4t*a raciflojlTS 172% 172%[172%
1,WC&0..,. 5714 57 57
CAA 1 3d .37
»- ! I>o pf<l 77 78
?c & r. I pM - 130 '138
..:....ic 1& l pfd so 100
& G \Y 22%| 21% 21% 22
•00 J") ;:fd A I 7r,%| 75 76% 76%
IOOJ Do pfd B !36 36 85% 36
! Do D-ibs 1 1 « T % «»\u25a0
200' C A N\V '217 (217 210 217
4,wo:c m&st p !iso%'i«>% i»H iw%
... ! Do pfd ! i USB I sB
UmlC RI*P <newj! 33%! 33% i 33 53%
riOOl 1.0 pfd .t 7S*i! 75%! 7854 79
1. .. i TV, 4> 1.....!...-. B^% 53% •
Jo.iChlc aK o Term... lS%t I&%\ 18 1«H
W^-a^ \u25a0 Cn'-Tr. . {..^. J-12 ! 12%
\u2666..::::jc &<;>*!« ,?» \\™
... f- Do rS& ' •••! **\u25a0' 1
.."'CJerelati«l L& W )\u25a0''" *? °°
r SOOiCola Fuel &. 1.. 1 46% 1 45% t < 5 %! 45%
I Do pfd 1 1 85> 9G
Col Hock C & Ij | 1 15%! 1«
4Q0!Co!o Southern... 2S%f 2S%j 23%|;23%
i Do Ist pfd | i 02 I 02%
l,Boo| Do 2d pfd ... 43%| *&%\ *3ttL^3%
(Consolidated Gas | (ISO |18S
1,700,C0rn Products... 13%| 13V*' l*Hl »J%
1.4C-0J Do pfd 54 I 53% j 53 | 54
400, Del & Hudson.. 222 |221%;'J21 221%
[D L& W 489 4M)
ID & R G 33 I 33
i Do pfd I ISS 83
. :.!De« M & Xl D | ', 15 1 20
jDetrolt L'n Ry..| j j "j2 j »2%
...' .Detroit Southern! j j 11 '4 1 12
j Do pfd , 41 U I 43
[Diamond Match.) J 140 |141 :
SOO.Dmilling Sec j43 |43 |43 - ) 434
iDis Sec Bonds j I 34 . 35
iDuluth S S &. A li»i lti
100, Do pfd 35 j 35 34% 35%
2,3oo ( Erie 49 | 4S%i 45% 45%
lOC] Do Ist pfd... SI |81 jSI Sl%
100 ( Do 2d pfd 72 |72 71% 72%
IB & T H I. 72 77
i Do pfd 1 85 95
iFederal Steel 115' .....
Ft W & D C 72 75
IGeneral Chemlcalj 71 73
I Do pfd 104 107%
300 General Electric 179% 17»y..17»%;i50'
1.-OG.Grcnt Nor pfd.. 321 J320 i3'.0% 321
Greene Cons Cop ; | j z;%\ 27%
[Gretn Gold ...I.. 1.. 1 .4%! 5%
.'Havana Tob Co j. ..V. 23 ' 30
j Do pfd I ;ss ] 42
Hocking Valley..; i 88 I 'J2
I Do pfd .\u25a0: I ai%] 92%
200 | Ill!nois Central..' 179%j 170 179 )17»U
ilnterboro j |..:..Jl3 |214
..,'lnternatl Marine : 14 % i 14%
j Do pfd 3(3*ij 37
Internatl Paper. 22 1 -- 22%
Do pfd 80fc| SI
'Internati Power. . ... .|. . . . .1 55 j63
jlnternatl Pump.) j j 26%j 28
: Do pM ... ! | 82%: S5
40C»,Icwa Central j 28 7 S J 2s»il 28%j 2S»i
200] Do pfd ....... 57*4 57' 67' 57%
iKanawha & SI.. 1 | 34 { 34 i a
XC Ft S&M. pfd % 85 So%
| X C Southern 25% 26 1 *
I Do pfd 1 52% 54%
jKtokulc & Dcs M] 14- 17
Laclede Gas pfdi 95 110
'Lake Erie & W ..33 3(J
1 l>o pfd i 94 97
Lchigh Valley...! 74 741^
...tLorg Island j64 6S
2.500JL & N i 152% 151%[lDl?i 152
SOOlMackay 46V4 46V 4 46 46%
! Do pfd ....73}; 74Vi
IManhattan iICSVi 167%
LOCK). Met Securities...! 81% B(»sjj 80% SO^i
|Met Street Ry..l: ..... |126 1128%
1.300 Mtx Central ...1 25 24% 24»4 20
900'Mlnn &St L ]SI 77»4 80 81
I D Ist pfd...-. I .'. 101 105
2O0 ; M Et P& S S MJI3B JI3S 1137% 1138%
i Do pfd \u0084.! [162 J164"
IOOMo Kan & Tex.i 32%j 32% 32% 32%
• D o Vfd I 67 69
1.000 Mo Pacific JK4%i104 104 104U
Nath ChatA SL! j 14S 150
BOO:Nntional Lead... l 47%! 47% 47 47%
Do f.fd I 113V4 114
Nat RR Mcx pfd! | 36 | 37
; 700:Naticnal Biscuit. M%\ 54% 54%! 50*4
! Do pfd j 1113 |113%
N J Central....] .1 i 216 1218
IN V Air Brake. .l 1 !150 153
2.000 N V Central.. ..1149% 1149 148%!143
N V C & St L.. ! -53% I 54
i Do Ist pfd ..| 112 |120
1 Do 2-1 pfd .-;:«': 83 m
IN V Dock ! 25 28
IN YNH & H 1 2f)5 207%
SOWN V Ont & W.. 54>/ii 54 | 54«> 55
1.1(10 Norfolk & West. I S6 ] 85% ! 85»4 66
I Do pfd 1 90 92
iNorth American.! I 97% OS
'North Securities' JlB4 |186
- 400 Northern Pac ..!207 1207 J207 |2O7Vi
'Omaha I | 11%5 195
i Do pfd ! t 190 200
|O S L 4« | J.....196%' »7
l<">o,Pacific Coast \u0084.1107 107 106. 107
1 Do Ist pfd ! 1 1104 111
100! Do 2d pfd !IOS 108 1107 109
100'Pacifle Mall !47 47 t47 47%
7.B<X>:Pern R R C0...i144'4 143^1143% 144
200 People's Gas . . - '1C3% 11031/4 • 103 Vi 103%
IP CC& St L...{ 1 79 S2
I Do pfd 1... 106 112
iPr*4s«ed St Car..) j 45*4 46
! Do pfd 1 97 97%
20<»:PuIlma.n Car C 0.[250 250 249 251
IRy Stwl Springs] 43 43%
I Do pfd I \u25a0 99»4 102
13.300lRep.ding !121"4'121% 121%!121Vi
! Do 2 Ft pfd 1 j J)2%] 92%
I Do 2d pfd | 1 98% OS*4
l.OOOlßepubllc S& I. 25*4! 25% 23 25^4
7001 Do pfd 95 94% 94%! 94% ,
ißubber Goods [36 | 37^, :
J Do pfd !103 K<s "
'Slcsa Sheffield Co! | 69% 70%
) Do pfd . I 110 '112
(St J&G I Ist pfd! j 60 i f10i,4
!Rt L&SF lrt pfd 75% 79
300; Do 2d pfd €8% 6»% 69 69%
jSt L& S W 25 25%
Do r*d . . : 62% 62»4
B.6Co'Southern Pacific. 69% 1 69% 69 69%
I Do pfd 1 119V4 12014
2,600 Southern Ry .. 30% 1 35"i 35% 36
100! Do pfd 99*4 0»?i 83 M%
[Standard Oil 6C5 675
Standard R & T - W*\ 1%
1 lW'jTenn Coal & 1.. 86% 66H1 Rki*, $<\%
.|Tpx P L Tr Co 46% /4fi% i
100'Tfxa* Pacific... . 35 35 35 35 W,
[Third Aye 124 126%
100,Tol Ry & Tr Co 34% 34% 3414 .14%
Tol St L & W 37 37%
I Do pfd 57 57»4 i
JTwln City R T.... 116 1117
lOO'Unlon Bag & P. 15% 15% 15 | 1514
j Do pfd 81 82
Il.SOOlUnion Pacific... 132% 132% 132%f132«. j
Do pfd _..... OCV4 06%!
!U P Cony 4-s 133% 134
.United Copper...! ;..,. 33% ,l««i
300JUnit Rds of S F 7C« 76 76- 77
400 Do pM ....... 91$ DOJi 01% 92 /
.! Do 4-g >....... P9% 89%'
500IU S Cast Iron P 35»4 3SV4 ?S 38%
200' Do pfd 96% 90V*> fifl^ 96%
!U S Express 118 1120
S00:u S Leather 16 ' 13% 14« l»%
200' Do pfd 115% 115 ' lie- 120*
lU r Realty &Cl Bfl Sfr .'
(U SR y & RCo 28% 30
.......I Do pfd 6494 «7%
500 ; U S Rubber 52V4 52M 52 52' i
... 1 Do pfd ... : 1 111*4 111%
13 500 ITS Steel Cor.. 3fi% SB% 37% 3R
7,700( Do pfd ...105 104%|104% 104%
.....IVa-Car Chem Co 1 31Vt!-.*»1%
I Do pfd ...1.....]..... 106%!10(5%
200'Wabash ...I 21^i 21% l 21W1 21 *',
300| Do pfd 41% 41% l 41% l 41H
\..:\ Dad'b 8'5....i 7S%j 73*4
....iWells-Fartro Ex. !230 24, r .
' Western Union. I JttH' M%
Westlnrtouse i«7%!ißn%
**"... Do Ist pfd ....; 157%!200
"*" ... W & L E 17 I IS
Do Ist Ptd '. — - • 40 { 42
.!* Do 2d pfd 25 26
"" fiOOlWlr-conrin Cen.. 32\ .12H .12 I 32%
1.700! Do pfd ....... I 64% I C 3% I CS*i | 64
175,200 — Tota! shares sold. v
; Jicvr York OonAn.
V S ref 2b reg.. 103% 1 Japan Cj, 2d ser. OS%
Do coupon 103% Japan 4%5, cert: 90>4 '
Do S ieg..-..-W»HM»Pan «%«. 2d eer PO%
Do coupon 104 V* L & N unified 45.104%
Do newis reg.l33^ Man con sold 45.103%
Do coupon 134% Mcx Central 45... 81 %-
Do old 4s reg:iO* : H Do Ist Inc 2fi%
Do coupon.-.T. 104% Minn & St L t*. 97 ,
Aroer Too 4«.... 78% M. X A Texas .45.101« i '
Do 6s HB-4 Do 2ds 87%
At^ «n 4s 102% NR of Mcx con 4s 83%
• Do adj 4s P0 N.T C gon 3%5.. 09%
Atlantic C L 45.101% N J C gen 55.. ..134%
Bait & Ohio 4»-i«aj If E o P X iac 4 «--" l^%
n, 3U« 95% Do 3s iBVi
Central of Ga 55.115% Nor &.W con 4s.lol|J
no Ist 1nc.... 06% O S L. refdg 45... 07
Bo "d nc " 82 Pa, conv 3%5....10»%
Che*& Ohio 4%«.108 Reading gen 4s. ..102% :
r^A- A ton 3?s S2U B L & 111 con 55.116« i :
?A & Q new 48101% S L & S F-tg.t*. 89% \u25a0
C'R f & P« to 83% St L S W 'con, 4s. "Sl*
Do col CsT...-*. 93% Seaboard A ' -L,. 4«;: fW % I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER- 15; 1905:
Colo & So 45... 1 94 I Tex & Pac lsts.l"B
Colo Ind ss, er A 73%|T01.5t L & W 4s. 84%
Do 58, «er 8.. 72% Union Paciflc 45. 105%
Cuba 6e, cert... 105*4 Do cony 45;... 134
Den & Rio G 45.101i4 U S Steel 2d ss. OS%
Dist Securities 5s SO Wabash lsts 118%
Erie prior lien 45.1C2 Do deb B 73> 4
Do gen 4s 94% Western Md 45,. 87%
F W & D C lsts.H3%|.W & L Erie 45.. 91
Hock Val 4%5. ..112'i.: Wis Central 45.. 08%
Japan Cs. cert.. 98?il
Xew York Mining; Stocks.
Adams Con 251 Little Chief . 05
Alice 54, Ontario 60
Breece 45| Ophir 6 00
Bruns Con 3a, Phoenix 02
Com Tunnel .... 08| Potosl 12
Con Va Mm Co. 1 35i Sitrra Nevada.... 24
Horn Silver 1 70] Savage 45
Iron Silver 3 t-.< Small Hopes 35
Leadvllle Con ... C5 1 Standard 175
; lluMtuu Stock* and Bonds. -
: Money— * HJ S Steel pfd... 104%
Call loans .5(86! Westing Common. S3
Time loans s<g6| Mmmg —
Bonds — I Adventure 8%
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez '. 43%
Do adj 4s 98. Amal Copper .... 84%
Mcx Central 4s. SO' Amcr Zinc 9%
Railroads — Atlantic 27 Vi
Atchlson SS% Blngham .... 31 !
Do pfd 103 V4 Calumet & Hecla.6fs
Boston & Albany.2s7 i Centennial 28
Boston & Maine.l7>>%; Copper Range ... 72Vi
Boston Elev 153%) Daly West 14Vi
Fltcliburg pfd ..142 Franklin .: ?18%
Mcx Central 2.}%|Granby b\i
NY N H & H.2IW lisle Royale . 24%
Pere Marquette. .101 Mass Mining ... 0%
Union Pacific ..132 ! ,i Michigan llVi
Miscellaneous — Mohawk s*^*
Amer Arge Chcm 22 JMont Coal & Coke 3%
Do rfd U2%|Old Dominion ... 25%
Amer Pneu Tube 0 Oeccola 109
Amer Sugar 140 j Parrot 23
J Do pfd .130% Qulncy 107
Amer Tel & Tel. 137%; Shannon S%
Amer Woolen . . . :i7 % I Tamarack 127
Do rfd lClUiTrinity 9%
I Dom Iron & S.. 22*14! United Copper ... 3.1%
Gen Electric 17!) U S Mining 37%.
Mass Electric ... 14 [U S Oil 10%
Do pfd 50% ' Utah 47
Mass Gas 40% j Victoria 6%
Un She* Mach. .. 70 I Winona 10%
Do ->£d 31%! Wolverine U9?i
U S Sieel 37%)
THE COPPER STOCKS.
BOSTON, Oct. 14. — Activity in coppers con
tinued roMlay. but traders took advantage of
the higher prices and sold stocks all around
the room. Boston Consolidated continued to
! be well bought, the orders coming principally
from New York. The attention of traders is
I being gradually turned from the cheaper stocks
to the medium-priced Issues, and Osceola, Mo
hawk and Copper Range are meeting with at
tention at these prices. Money is still tight,
with very little prospects of lower rates for
I some time to come.
Louilon Closing Stocks. . «
Cons for money. SS%| N V Central 153%
Do for acct.SS 11-io Nor & Western.. 75%
Anaconda 6% Do pfd '. 1K»
Atchifon 91 Vi ! Ont & Western. . Gs?i
Do pfd 1u7%, Pennsylvania 74
Halt & Ohio 110 Rand mines S%
Can Paciflc 17S 1 Reading «2%
i Ches & Ohio 55% Do Ist pfd <4S
i Chi Great West. 22^1 Do 2d pfd..... 60%
I Chi, Mil & St P. 185% So Railway 3ry 4
De B*ers IS Do pfd 107%
Den A: Rio G... 35 So Pacific ...w. 71%
Do pfd lX)Vii Union Paciflc ...i:»li»i
Erie 5(«%, Do pfd 9J%
Do Ist pfd S:%!U S Steel 3'JV*
Do 2d pfd 74%j Do pfd 107%
111 Central ISS 1 Wabash 22
Louis & Nash... 157 j Do pfd 43
M, X & Texas... 33 % i Spanish 4a »3%
Bar silver — Quiet; -7%d per ounce.
Money — 3@3% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills is 3% per cent and for three
months' bills 4 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury. >
WASHINGTON. Oct. 14. — To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusiva ot the $150,000,000 gold reserve,
shows: Available cash balance, SKSI.iiSS.OSS;
gold coin and bullion, $71,040,173; gold cer
tilicates. $48,667. 550. • r.
Ch-nrlnx-Hoii.se Bank Statement.
NEW YOKK. Oct. 14.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for this week follows:
Leans $1,030,284.31)0. decrease $29,456,600;' '
Deposits $l.e-*!<i,ls7.t>oo, decrease $33,10*,1 W.
Circulation $54,155,&C0. Increase $13,400.
Legal tenders $i4,7iK-t.700, increase $i*» 5,500.
Specie ?li»l,t>s2.ltD, decrease $..,056,300. '
Reserve $*Jt>ti.7so,Boo, decrease
Reserve required $256,539,400, decrease $8,
276,025. ' , ••
Surplus $10,211,400, increase $5,925,225.
Ex-Unltcd States deposits $12,329,825. In
crease $5,938,775.
A'ew York Cotton .Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14. — The market was
pounded after the opening, with January sell
ing down to 9.77 c. The rally which followed
carried the list up about a dozen points, with
the close a point or two better than last
night's-. Sentiment was tomewhat mixed,. but
more, bearish in the long run. There was some
heavy selling by a prominent house who have
been sellers for the last* few days on their
estimate of the crop. 1 There is no definite
frost news as to damage done, but it will
take a little time for results to be seen. With
temperatures abnormally low it will undoubt
ediy put an end to a top crop, as cotton is
never known.. to thrive under these conditions.
While the spot demand is lair it will no doubt
show a ereat increase if the South .offers cot
ton on the price of futures, but es long as
the deadlock between spinners and the pro
ducers continues operators rather look for the
market to hang around these prices.
The weekly crop report next Tuesday should
give something definite regarding the frost
situation. The week's statistics were rather
bullish, showing takings by spinners of 220,
000 baleF. The receipts at the counted interior
towns indicate a falling off of 25 to 60 per
cent in Louisiana; Northeast Texas, Arkansas,
Tennessee and Mississippi." The only con-
I elusion that can be drawn Is that the crop
In these States is either short or very late.
Cotton futures opened easy; October, 9.50 c;
December 9.73 c; January, 9.81 c; February,
9.83 c bid'; March. 9". 97 c; April, 10c; May,
10. 05?
Cotton futures closed steady; October, 9.53 c;
November 9.63 c; December. 9.77 c; January,
9.87 c; February;' 9.94 c; March. 10.03 c; April,
10.09 c; May. 10.13 c.
Spot closed quiet: middling uplands. 10.12 c;
middling gulf. 10.35 c; sales. 727 ba.les.
Sew York Grain find Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13 000 Steady but quiet. Minnesota patent*.
$4 €o<gs 10; Minnesota bakers', $3 60@4; win
i ter patents, $4 2504 05; winter straights, $1®
4 10; winter extras, $2 Ss@3 35; winter low
grades, $2 75@3 30.
WHEAT— Receipts 85,000. Spot steady; Xo.
i 2 red, S9*ic elevator: N*>. 2 red, 91c f. 0. b.
afloat- No. 1 Northern Duluth, 93V»c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Manitoba. 92% c f. o. b. afloat.
There was a moderate rice In wheat, due to
supporting orders, a fair cash demand and light
i Northwest receipts, the clos? showing a par
tial %c net advance. May 90V4<&DO%e. close
90*»c: December 90 0-16®O0!&c, closed 90% c.
HOPS — Firm. State, common to choice,
11905 13£f23c: 1904. lS@2lc; olds. 8@llc; Pa
! cific' Coast. 1905, 14@18c; 1904, 14@17c; olds.
SS'lOc.
HIDES — Firm. Galveeton," 20 to 25 pounds,
20c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19% c; Texas
dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 18% c.
• WOOL — Steady. Domestic -fleece, 35@39c.
PETROLEUM — Steady. Refined New York,
$7 60- Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 55; do.
In bulk, $4 65. , -
COFFEE — The market for Coffee" futures
closed steady, net unchanged to five points
lower. Sales were reported of 19,750 bags, in
cluding: December, 7«?7.10c: January. 7.10@
7 15c; March, 7.30®7.35c; May, 7.40@7.f.00;
September 7.05®7.70c. Spot Rio, quiet; No.
7 invoice, 8 11-16 c: mild, dull; Cordova, 10
@lSc. . • \u25a0
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; - fair refining, , 3@
3 l-16c- centrifugal, 96 test, 3%@3 11-ltc;
molasses sugar, 2-"!i@2 13-16 c; refined, quiet;
No C. 4.20 c; No. 7. 4.15 c; No. 8, 4.05 c; No 9,
4c; No. 10. 3.95 c; No. 11, 3.55 c; No. 12. 3.80 c;
No. 13. 3.70 c; No. 14. 3.05 c; confectioners' A,
4 65c; mold A, 5.15 c; cut loaf, 5.50 c; crushed,
5.50 c; powdered, 4.90 c; granulated, 4.80 c;
cubes, 5.05 c.
BUTTER— Steady. Street price' extra
creamery, 21V>©22c; official prices, creamery,
common to extra,- 16%021%c;- State dairy,
common to extra. 16%@21c.
CHEESE — Firm. State full creams, small
and large-white and colored fancy, ll%c; fair
to choice, 11940UUC. •'
EGpS — Firm, hardening tendency; prices un-
Changed - . DRIED- FRUITS. •
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues ' quiet. Advices from the' interior con
tinue 10 report a light crop, but, while the
offerings at the moment are not heavy, the
tone of the market Is no better than -steady.
Common to good are quoted at 4%®oc and
prime at 7%c.
PRUNES — Show, no change in ; spot, with
larger sizes well cleaned- up and firm. Quota
tions range from 4%c to -7%c. according to
grade. \u25a0 \u25a0 . .:.\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0
APRICOTS — Are reported in better demand
and firm In tone, but without change In prices.
Choice are quoted at, B%c; extra choice, 9%@
9%c; fancy, 10@ll%c. -f . . ~ ,
i'IiACHKS — liemam nominal. - \u0084: ,
RAISINS— Are said to be decidedly stronger
on the coast, but local spot demand is not
pressing for the market- and- quotations are
unchanged. , Loose Muscatels '*\u25a0 are quoted *\u25a0• at
5%@7%c; seeded raisins. S J /i@B%c; London
Layers. $1;15@1 20. ,' \u25a0 y .
'i --' \u25a0 Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Total imports of mer-
chandise and dry goods at the port of New
York for the week ending to-day were .valued
at $15,7150,664. Total imports of specie at the
port'of New York for the week ending to-day
were $69,038 silver and $3,806,790 •, gold. To
tal \u25a0 exports of I specie from : the port of New
York for the week ending to-day were $552,395
silver and J5375 gold. • •
New York' Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14. — There was no quot
able change in the metal markets to-day, with
the exception of. Southern grades of Iron,
which were market up 25 points on the inside
price..'-"'. ' - : \u25a0 -.'. .- : '-'--'•\u25a0, \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '.. '.-\u25a0
Copper was quiet, with lake quoted at
$10 37 'A® 1« "5; electrolytic at $18 37%®
10 62%* and casting at $10 12%@16 37%.
Tin dull at $32 12%@32 32%.
Lead was firmly held at $4 85@-4 95.
Spelter at ?CQO 10. :. ; :
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain nod Provisions. .
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Heaviness In wheat at
the start vanished before: brisk buying led by
brokers for a prominent grain', operator 1 , who
for a time absorbed all offerings. December
opened a shade lower, to a shade hlfjher at
•Ss%c to 85% c and was bid up to 86% c. Tho
buying was on a very lloeral basis and esti
mated in: the aggregate at 1,000,000 bushels.
The market assumed every appearance of bull
ishness, although the news was not of an In
fluential .character. While ' the bullishness was
In full' swing the leader In the buying move-;
ment withdrew his. support, and simultaneously
came reports from the Northwest that liquida
tion was in progress for- the * same- operator.
The early buyers began unloading and. a break
in prices • resulted. The December Option de
clined to 85}ii@SoV2C under the pressure. :'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 Suf
ficient buying .orders at . the decline were filled,
to advance December a shade from the bottom,
the close being easy at 85^0.. .",.. "; .*-."- .
Trading In corn was lifeless, but the market
had a firm undertone. December . started un
changed to a shade higher at*.44%c tri'44%@
44V&C, bocame firm .at 44% c with the upturn
in wheat, . but declined later and closed at the'
bottom price for the day, 44}4c. \u25a0-• , ,^
Oats were firm at a slightly lower.- range.
December closed at 2S%c, after ranging be
tween 2S%c and 2S%c . , . -. • ,
Holders of 1 deferred options in provisions
showed a disposition to sell at the start, but
offerings were readily taken by prominent spec
ulators and thfa market held firm at a. small
decline. January pork closed 7^4c down at
?12 55. • Lard is 5c off at ?« 00. itlbs are-2&
ffDc lower at $0 D7'A« 00.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low: Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December ST>% S6V S - 85 V a -\u25a0 85 #
May 80% S7i /8 fco% -88%
Corn No. 2—2 —
October X>Q% 50% ,50 MM
December, old.. 40% 45% 45 43
December, new. 44i<. 44% 44»4 44V,
May 43Ts «% 43% ' 43%
Oats No. 2— .' :,
October 28%
D< comber 25% 2S& 2S 25%
May 3i»T» 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
October ..15 75 15 S5 15 78 15 75
January 12 57V* 12 021$ 12 55 12 55
Lard, Der 100. lbs.
October 7 22&
November 7 30 7 30 7 25 7 25
January :ti 02% \u25a0'- tt 03 0»O OUO
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October S feTii 8 S7H 8 87% 8 87%
January ..(? CO C 02% 6 57% 660
Cash Grain and I , Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; winter patents,
$:» 0o&4 straights, $3 6iK<r4; spring- i»afeiit=.
$1 10®4 20; straights, ?3 Co@3 90; bakers,
$2 t(Xtf3: No. o s-ining- wheat, iiVa&sc; iSo. 2
reo, No. 2 corn, 51%@5-c: No.
2 yellow." 5H%&54c; No. 2 oais, I'gffZS^c: No.
2 white, 28% c; No. 3 white, 27%®29c; No. 2
rj-e, OUV-c; good feeding barley, 30c; fair to
choice malting-, 40@45c; No. ' 1 flax seed, 94c;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1; prime timothy seed,
$-i 20; mess pork, per bbl., $15 70@15 75; lard,
per I(X> lbs., S7 23; short ribs sfdes (loose),
*8 75@> &7%; short clear sides (boxed), $8®
8 25; whisky, basis of high wines, U 30:
clover, contract grade, ?9 oO@l2.
Articles. • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, Tabls 32,100 53.500
Wheat, bu 49,000 18.800
Corn, bu 155.700 ' 106,700
Oats, bu 57,800 277,000
Rye bu '. 23,000 2,800
Barley, bii 163,500 19.900
* Butter, Ch«"ene «nd Kjckji.
CHICAGO. Oct. 14.— 0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady:
creamery, }7%<^2lc; dairies, 16%@ll>c; eggs,
firm, at. mark, ca&es included, 15H<&1? %£;
cheese, steady, Jl'ic "1 .. . ..
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chicaco.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— CATTLE — Receipts, 400
head. Market steady. Beeves, $3 50@6 30;
poor to medium, $3 5099 20; good to prime,
#5 :!C(gO 80; cows. $l-:{o®4 55; heifers. $2 15®
4 00; calves, $U<§7 75; stockers' and feeders,
?2 20® 1 20. . :.-•\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0.-•
HOGS— Receipts. 15. C00 Keaff." Weak to 5c
lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 05®5 60; good
hfavy, $5 25@5 60; rough heavy, ?4 85® 5 05;
light, $5^5 50; pigs, $1 75Q5 25; bulk of sales,
?5 05fi5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 40CO head. Market steady.
Native?. ?3 30(&5 25; yearlings, $5 10@5 SO;
lambs. ?(i@S ;" Westerns, ?G(&7 00. . ( .
KiinsuM City.
KANSAS CITY, -Oct; : 14.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 10W head.. Market ' "steady. Native
Kteer?, $4 23<7?tl 10; -nattve cow^ and heifers,
$1 CSQ4 73; stockers and fenders, $2 50g4 25;
bulls. $2(& 3 : calves. '?2 50©G 25; Western
steers, $2 70@4 50; Western cows, $2@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 3COO head. Market steady
to a shade lower. Bulk of bales, $5 lo@s 20;
heavy. $5 15S*> 25; packers, $0 15@5 22%; pigs
and light, $o(gs 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 500 head. Market nom
inally steady. Muttons, J4 23(55 25; lambs,
$5 WKB7 25: range wethers, $1 50&5 25; fed
ewes, f}@4 60.
. Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb., Oct. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
100 head. Nominally steady. Native steers,
$4®5 £5; cows and heifers $2 75@4 60; West
ern steers, $3(g4 IK); Texas steers, $2 75@4 10;
cows and" heifers, $2@3 63: canners, $1 3C@
2 40: stockers and feeders, $2 SO® 1 ! 20; calves,
Jf2 5(1®5 25; bulls and stags. $2@3 75.
HOGS — Receipts, 4500 head. Market shade
stronger. Heavy, $4 J»OSS 15; mixed, $5@5 15
light, f5 10S5 20; pigs, |4 50®5; bulk of sales,
$555 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20C0 head. Market strong
er. Westerns, $3 25@5 50; wethers, $4 75@
5 10; ewes. $4 45®4 VlO; lambs, *6 25@7 25.
MISCBLLANEOUS MARKETS.
Forcicn Futures. \
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' Dec. March
Opening 6 10% 6 9%
Closing : ...6 10% -6 9%
PARIS. /
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ..2-100 23 75
Closing' , 23 05 23 75
Flour —
Opening 30 50; 3140
Closing - .30 05 .'1135.
\u25a0 St.- Louii Wool Market.
ST. X LOUIS, Oct. 14— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 26®»30%c ;
light fine, 21(g26c; heavy flno, 18@22c; tub
waslifd. 32@^2c. '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, Oct. It— WHEAT— Club, 72c
bluestem, 70c; valley. 71@72c.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 14.— WHEAT— Unchanged"
b'uestem, 75c; club. "72c;, red, 68c.
Northern lluainess.
BEATTLE. Oct. 14.— Clearings, $1,492,010;
balances. ?259,000. ' :„
TACOMA. Oct. 14.— Clearings. $544,650; bal
ances, ?64,750. ' \
PORTLAND, Oct. 14. — Clearings, $655,076;
balances, $83,065., . .
SPOKANE, Oct. 14.— Clearings, $599,009;
balances, $48,213. \u25a0' \u25a0
LOCAL. MARKETS.
Exchnnce and Bullion.
Silver Is %c lower.
. V LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty dayi.. _ ®4 83-
Sterling Exchange, sight — @4 86
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — @4 87
New York Exchange, sight .... — @ 03
Now York Exchange, telegraphic — @ 05
Silver, per ounce... - 61%@; —
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... — © 47%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris . r. :v.. ....... .'.6.16%
N«w York on Mexico ................... .202
Paris on London ... ........y... .......25.14%
Berlin on London .......:.».. , 20. 45%
Wheat and , Other Grains. .
WHEAT — The week closed with cash grain
unchanged ard futures ; fairly active, with
ctrong buying at the c105e...,- , \u25a0.'.•;•
: CASH WHEAT.
California ; Club, r $1 40@l 45; , California
While Australian, $1 50@l 55; lower grades of
California Wheat. $1 15@1 30: Northern" Club,
spot. $1 40@l 42%;* Northern. BlUestem, $1 45©
1 47%: Northern Red. $1 32%@1 35 'per ctl.
FUTURES. -^
"Session 9 to 11:30 •£ m.
Open. High. '. -Low. /Close.
December ...$1 37% : $1 37% v $1 37% •$1 37%
BARLEY— The easiness in cash Feed noted
on Friday was again apparent yesterday I and
the market was very quiet, with buyers holding
off. Futures; were -%c. higher.;, with some ac
tivity. Fetd continues -to bring comparatively
more la the country than on this market."
. \u25a0 ' CASH BARLEY.
Feed,' $i;os@l r 07% for. common and $1 08% Q
1 12% for good to choice; new Brewing. $1 13%
@1 13: Chevalier, $1 12%<»1 20 per" ctl. . .
•. . . \u25a0 FUTURES. ' . ; :,
Session 9 to 11:30' a. m. . .
\u25a0\u25a0'iv " : >' : \u25a0 Open." ' High. Low; - Close.
May— No sales; $1-13% bia,. sl 14% asked.
December ...$1 12% ' $1 12%' $1 12 $1 12%
\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0• OATS— Were', quiet, yesterday and prices
showed no change. , ;
.-" Red.' $1 35®1 SO for choice. $1 25@1 32% for
fair to good and $1 15® 1 22% for common;
Black, $1 50@l 75 for . good to choice for seed .
and down "to $1" 25 for ordinary \ feed ; White. •
$1 3501 47%; Grays, nominal.
CORN I—The1 — The market continues bare and nom
inal, ptnding the appearance of the new Corn
from I the . West. ' ,
0 Western sacked, $1 40@l 50 for Yellow. '
$1 32% @1 37% for White and $1 40@l 42% for
Mixed; \u25a0 California 'A large* Yellow.- nominal;
small round do, $1 60@l 65; White, nominal;
Egyptian. $1.40®l 50 for White • and $1 35@
1,10 for Brown. \u25a0''\u0084 "' ' -. . : ;
RYE — $1 42%@1 52V4; per ctl. The inside
quotation -Is for Eastern. . \u25a0'. :. : .-,
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@2 25 per ctl.
'• Flour -and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 SO®
5 10 ' usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 7C@5;
Oregon and- Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. " •' \u25a0-••\u25a0... " : \u25a0
FARINACEOUS GOODS — Prices In packages
are aB follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour,. $375; Rye Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, $S^ C6rn Meal, $2 75; extra Cream do,
$3 75- Oat Meal, $1 50®4 75; Oat Groats. $4 75;
Hominy, %.i 75&4; Buckwheat Flour. $4 st*u?
4 75- Cracked- Wheat. »3 75; Farina. / $4 50;
Whole -Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls.
$7@S; in sacks, $6 50@7 50; Pearl Barley, $6;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peae. $5 50 per
100,lbs. \u25a0\u25a0 \-,.'/--:-:f.-.^ ;, \u25a0 \u25a0 I,
. " ' Hay 1 ; and^Feeddtuff*.
; .There . is nothing of 'importance new. either
in Hay or Feedstußs. . The receipts of Hay
were light, being only ICO tons,, all. cars, some
thing unusual ; of'- late. - -V- " '
! "The. 1 circular" of /> Scott & Magner v says:
" "During .the .week just passed 28S0 tons of
Hay have on -this market Consider
able consisted, of .Alfalfa from the. river dis
"tricts:'.! There v were > also 'several large '.ship
ments by barge, 'which affected . the : total ar
\u25a0J "The car. shortage-has" made Itself
<ielt during.t he "past, "week, "as 'there has bsen
'comparatively' such a • smaTl.i amount'- of the
nlee, varieties' of Hay coming in that prices
are decidedly firm and the market is somewhat
.short- of .this 'class. . ' •.\u25a0:•%\u25a0•-'.-. •-
"How long this car shortage will last is a
question, but while the situation remains as
at present a firm market is expected. Choice
Wheat Hay sells as high as $17 to the re
tailers; choice Wheat and Oat Hay, $14 to $15,
and choice tame Oat Hiy. $12 50 p«r ton. here.
"Alfalfa' Hay has continued to arrive in lib
eral quantities under a fairly good demand.
The market' on this article, though, is weak.
Choice offerings bring $9 to $9 50 and the
poorer consignments sell down to $6 per ton.
, "Straw is In fairly good demand under light
receipts."
BKAN— $23@24 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS — $26 50@29 50 per. ton.
SHORTS— S23@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23 50@24 50;
Cocoanut Cake at mill, $20 50: jobbing.
$21; Cocoanut Meal at mill, $20 50; Jobbing,
$21; Corn Meal, $30@30 50; Cracked Corn,
$30 50@31: Mixed Feed, $2J&24; Horae
Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c
per ctl: Calfalfa Meal, carload lots, $21; Job
bing, $22 50, per ton; Mealfalfa, $18 in car lots
and $20 for .smaller, quantities.
HAY— AVheat. $11 50@lti 50; Wheat and Oat,
S11&15 50; Oat, $i>@l3 50; Barley and Oat, $S1»
12; Barley, $S@11; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@11;
stable, $6@S; stock, $507; Alfalfa. $8 50@9 50
per ten. I • '\u25a0\u25a0s\
STRAW — 30@50c per bale.
neann and Seeds.
The receipts of Beans were 11,259 sacks,
making 75.219 for the week. Bayos 1 were
quoted higher and Blackeyes very firm. The
other Uescnptions showed no. changes worthy
of note. -\u25a0 l
Some very choice Niles Peas are offering at
the quotations. .
BEANS— Bayos, $."<S'3 25; Pea. $3 25@3 30;
Butter. $:i 50; small White, $3 10@3'30; large
White $2£2 45; Pink, $2@2«2i>; Red, $J S5<W4;
Lima, here. $3 25@3 40; Red Kidneys, $3 sl@
3-75; Blackeyes, $4 40@4 50 per ctl; Ho.se
Beans, $1 50.
btihiDss — Brown Mustard, $i 50<@4 75; Yellow,
Mustard $3 50<g3 75; Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary tH«@<J%c: Alfalfa, 12c: Kaoe, oc; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%c per ib; Millet, 2?i@3Vic;
Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 75@2 10; Gretn
Peas, $2@2 25.
Potatoes, Onlonx and Vegetables.
The market was heavily burdened with river
Potatoes, which remained very weak. It being
extremely "difficult to effect sales of ordinary
offerings, even at round concessions. Salinas
Burbanks continued Arm, with choice stock
passing out of first hands as fast as it arrived.
Sweet Potatoes and Onions were In active de
mand and higher.
There was a good Saturday trade_-in vege
tables and - marly all descriptions were re
ported steady to firm. Receipts frrfm across
the bay came t to" hand late and fine Tomatoes
and CucumbeFiS'-were-rJTcmeT--. during.. the, -early
trade. .tni-jTi,3 .fc.i.iN~> .bTfltrjuraV mtiS
POTATOES— River Whites. :40@C50: 40@C5o per otl.
Salinas Burbanks. 90c@$l 25 per ctl; Sweet
Potatoes,- $1 50® I 65 per ctl.
- ONIONS — Yellow, 7E@S5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 4@sc per lb;
String -and Wax B«ans. 2%@3%c per lb;
Lima. Beans,,? .3%®4c, v ' per lb; Tomatoes,
35@b'5c per box; " Summer Squash, " 75c@$l
per box; Cucumbers, 40@75c per box; Cabbage,
50c per ctl; . Carrots, MigtiOc ptr sack; Garlic,
si/.fi6c- per lb;.-E«"' Plant, 40@60c per box;
Green Peppers. 40'fJHOc- per Green Okra,
f,o@6oc per box; Marrowfat Squash. $7 50® 10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10 per ton. - v \u25a0
.' Poultrj- and Gnme.
Receipts of Poultry from domestic- shipping
points during the week were heavy, averaging
over ICo coop« a day. The market .was In
good shape throughout the week, however, and
desirable stock cleaned up readily from day to ,
day. Tvfckeys and small Hens were the only
weak features and quite a few coops of the
latter were vtlU on hand at the close. Wild
Ducks will be on the market to-morrow. .
. POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 2(!@220 per lb for
old and 22Q25c for young; Geese, per pair, $.';•
Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $4 50@5 50 ver
dozen for old and $4<ft(s for young; Hens, $4©
450 for small and $607 for large; young
Roosters. $5<S5 50; old Roosters, $( 5C@5;
Fryers. $3 50@4; Broilers, $3@3 50; Pigeons.
$1 25<gl 50; Squabs. $2@2 25.
GAME — Hare, $1 50@l 75 per dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits, $2 per, dozen; Brush Kabbits,
$150 per dozen; Gray Geese. $3 £o^4 per
dozen. ' ' . .
Butter, Cheese and Egrs».
Eggs continue to advance.' Freeh ranch are
very scarce and receipts are diminishing daily.
Some houses are wholly cleaned up and only
two or thr'.e have any stock worth considering.
The public continue to run on cold storage' and
Eastern owing to the high prices .for the home
product.
There is no further advance In Cheese, but
the market rules firm, with litfrt ytocks. .
Butler Is steady, with the. receipts being
taken without difficulty.
Receipts wers 22,300 lbs Butter. 54S cases
Eggs and 4700 lbs Chee?e. . -
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 30c for
extra* and 27%<529c for lower and medium
Krades; dairy, 27©2Sc; cold storage, 22$2tc.
latur figure for extra creamery; store Butter.'
»1," Eastern. 24®2J%c v mr lb
* CHEESE— Choice. 12%@13c; fair to good,
11%@12c; Young Americas. ia@l3%c; Eastern. ,
i^Tilbc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 41@42c for large white. 3S@
40c for fair to good and 35®37%c for the
lower grades; cold storage. 2C@2Sc; store Eggs,
nominal; Eastern firsts. 24@26c; seconds. 20®
22% c per 'dozen.'. ' . •
Deciduous and Citrun Fruit*.
Trade in, fresh fruits was quite active as
local retailers were stocking up for Suriday
wants and there was a fair Inquiry for ship
ment on , outgoing steamers. , Strawberries,
Raspberries, Figs and Quinces were firm, while
Granes both table and wine, were weak and
Add Us' continued easy under burdensome, sup
nllefl There were, fully 2000 large boxes of
table Grapes received and , lower prices , ruled
for all descriptions. Wine Grapes were In
rood supply and quiet, local wine-makers being
well supplied and indifferent about- buying.
Strawberries were weak,' particularly the
Longworth variety, which , came .-* to hand in
poor- condition. The market was abundantly
supplied with Cranberries an<} 'Wade was're
ported quiet. Offerings of- Peaches and Bart
lett Pears consisted of scattering lots of ra. her
poor stock, which met with slow sale. ..Melons
of good quality were In brisk demand and firm,
while off lots were neglected and easy. A
feature of the Citrus market was .the arrival
of two boxes of -new crop , Grape Fruit from
Orovllle The fruit, although of small size,
was well colored and found a buyer at $4
per box. The Java. Seedling Oranges received
from Jamaica' on the preceding day were of
fering at $2@3 per box. but found few takers
owing to> the greenness of the fruit. Other
wise there"' was nothing new to report In Citrus
chest— Longworths.
$4©7; large varieties, $3 50@4 50; Santa Clara
Berries. Js©7. " \u25a0 \u25a0 '•.__,-' - : ?::\u25a0£•&
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $i@lo.
-BLACKP.ERRIES — Per chest, ' $5. }'->\u25a0
- HUCKLEBERRIES— SglOc permit..
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $S@lo 50 per
bbl- Oregon. $:JS'5 25 per box.
APPLES — Ssc©sl per box for fancy and 400
75c for common. to choice. \u25a0 "
PEACHES— SmaII \ boxes. 75c®$l; carriers,
9OC@sl 25. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0'.'. • \u25a0: \u25a0 -- \u25a0' ' .
PEARS— Bartlett. ' $2@2 60 \ per box; Win
ter Nellis, $I®l 25 per box; other varieties.
60c<8$l' per- box. 'r • •
PLUMS — 65c(55l per box.
POMEGRANATES— OO@7Sc for small and $1
@2 for large boxes.- - - -
PERSIMMONS— BSc@SI per; box.
FIG B— 7sc@sl 25 per. box.
QUINCES— 7SffiSSc per. box. , '
MELONS— Cantaloupes. $1,25@2 50 per erato;
Nutmeg Melons. - 65c@$l 25 per box; Water
melons, $2@4 per dozen. . . . ,„_..
: GRAPES — Small packages — Muscat, 4C®Bsc ;
Black : 35@«5c; Tokay. 40@75c; ' Sweetwater,
40050 - Isabella,. Bsc@sl 25; Cornichon, 75cfi$I.
Large boxes— Black, Co@Ssc; . Tokay, 75c@$l;
Muscat. ? 7sc©sl 25- Cornichon, $I@l 23: -Wins
Grapea 4 Zlnfandel, $22027 per ton ; Mission.
SlB©2o' per ton;" colored. $15®20 ton. \u25a0•- .
CITRUS AND -TROPICAL ; FRUlTS—Or
ange«. Valencias. $2#4 50 per. box; Navels, $4®
4 25; Lemone. $I@3 50; Grape \u25a0 Fruit.-$2 50@
1 3 50; Mexipan Limea. $4@4 50 per case; Ba-
I nanas, ; Hawaiian." $I@2 per bunch; ; Central
American, nominal; pineapples, 5233 per
dozen. \u25a0
Dried Fruits, Xut», Raisin* and Honey.
Locally there is nothing new In anything,
the market being still quiet and firm. The
condition of the Eastern Raisin market will
be «=ecn In the first column.
FRUlTS— Apricots ."VitflOc for Royals and
S%@l2c for Moorparks; Peaches. 8c for sta-iJ
ards, SV-c for choice. 9e for extra choice and
9%©10 c for fancy: Pears. 7%®l2Vic; Nectar
ines, 75A65%c for white and 7*i©7*ic for Red;.
Plums, pitted. 6@7c for Black. 7@9c for Red
and 7@9c for Yellow;. Silver Prune*. 7®BVsc;
Evaporated Apples. 7©S}sc: Bun-dTled, ptr
lb- Figs, boxes, 50c for choice; 55c for extra
choice and o'o@e3c for fancy; bulk white. 2%0
4c per lb; "black. 2%@3c. ' w .«*>
PRUNES—^OId crop. 3@3>4c per lb basis for
tho four sizes and 3V4@3Hc basis for the.large
sizes. New crop Prunes, 3V4®4c basis for the
four sizes (GO^ICO) and 4@4}ic basis for tho
large and small sizes.
RAISINS— Loose. 4-crown. ~<s%c per lb; 3
cronn. 6c; 2-crown. 5-% c. ""Seeded Raisins —
Fancy. 16 ounces. SVic; tancy, 12 ounces. 6%c;
choice 10 ounces, i>c; choice, 12 ounces, 6?fec;
Imperial Clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesas,
$2 50; fancy, $2; 3-crown London Layers.
$1 50; 2-crown. |1 40; seedless standard loose
Muscatels, 4%c; same floated, 4%c;. seedless
Sultanas. s®7c; Thompsons, ti^ic: bulk fancy.
0@10^c; bulk choice, 8c; standard. 7c.
NUTS— Almonds: Nonpareils. 14^©15c: I X
L. 13@13%c; Ne Plus Ultra. 12 iA©13c: Drakes,
ll%c and Languedoc, 10%eilc; New Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell. 13c; N0.. 2. 0c; No. 1 hardshell,
12% c; No. 2. B%c- Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Chest
nuts. 1C312%c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for white and 7g9c
for amber; water white extracted, Cc: white.
4%@sUc: amber. 4*M*4c; dark. : Ha
waiian. ?@2Vic for extracted." - -
BEESWAX— 27®29cperlb.
Provisions.
AH dealers continue to report the market
Quiet and featureleaa at unchanged quotations.
'CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12Vic per'lb for
heavy. 12% c for- light medium. 13%@Hc for
light. H@l4'4c for extra light and 16fc©17c
for sugar-cured; -dry Salt Sides, 10%@llc; Bel
lies, 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%@
13?ic: California Hams. 12« c; Mess Beef. $9 50
p«r bbl; extra Mess. $10; Family, $11; prime
Mess Pork. $14; extra clear, $18 50; Mesa.
$17 W>: Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California Compound, 7<S7Mc for Eastern com
pound and 10c for pure; half barrels, pure,
IGUc; 10-lb tins, 10% c; 5-lb tins. lOJic; 3-lb
tins, lie.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. SUe; three
half barrels. 8«, c; one tierce. 8c; two tierces.
734 c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, \u25a0 Tallow, Wool and Hop*.
There seems to be more tone developing la
Hops, as appears In the following from New
York: "A firm market continued to be re
ported and prices were working to a. higher
basis, particularly for the better grades. Ad
vices from up the State reported sales the pact
couple of oays of about 400 bales at 18520 c
for medium to choice grades and 16@17c for
medium grades. ThJ reports from the coast
stated that there were buyers of choice Hops
at 13c. but growers were holding for higher
prices, naming 13% c to 15c as the selling price*.
The German market was reported firm and,
according to some statements, the quality was
not up to general expectations."
HIDES AND SKINri — Culla and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12^c; medium, 12c; light, lHic;
Cow Hides. 11 %c for htavy and ll^Jc for
light; Stags, B^c: Salted Kip. IHJc; Salted
Veal, 13c; Salted Calf. 13% c; dry Hides. 20c;
dry Kip, 17©lSc; dry Calf, 22c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 25<gti0c each; short Wool, 50©00 c
each; medium 90c@$l 25; long Wool, $1 2352;
Horse Hides, salt. $363 25; for large and $2 75
for medium. $2 25 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $2®2 25 for large and $1 75
for medium. $1 SO for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 31c; dry taltei
Mexican, 23c; dry Central American. 27c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 73c; extra large do,
Jl 25; large. 50®S0c; medium. 35®10c; small.
23c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4s4@4&c per lb;
Nu. 2. .!@3MtC; Grease. 2g2%c.
WOOL — Fall clip — Northern free, 15® 17c;
do detective, 12©14 c: Middle County, free. 12@
17c- do, defective. 12@14c; San Joaquin and
Southern, lC@l3c; San Joaquin Lambs', H9
lCc; do defective. IKril'-c per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop, 12@14c; 1900 crop. 12014 c
per lb. - -.. r£
3lcut .Market.
Conditions in both live and dressed stock
have remained practically unchanged during
the past wetk. With the exception of Mutton
and Lamb, the market is -still plentifully sup
plied.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: »
BEEF — 4',4©0%c for Steers and 3^i®l%c per
lb for Cows.
\u25a0 YEAL — Laige, siS7c: small, 6@Sc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. Sfe@t)c; Ewes, B®9c
rer lb.
\u25a0 LAMB — 10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7@Sl4c per lb.
* LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Stetrs. sVi@6iic; Cows and Heif
ers, 4V4@sc.
CALVES— 3%®4c per 1» (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3&@3ftc; Ewes. 3<g3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— S2 75®;: per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 to 250 lbs. 5%c;
over 250 lbs, 5V4c; _ under 130 lbs, s\4c;
Feeders, nominal: Sows; 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent oft, and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations. \u25a0...
General Merchandise.
• BAGS — Grain Bags. 7Wc spot and 6c for
buyer June-July, 1906; Wool Bags. 30@:i3c;
small lots. 3l@3ic; Fleece Twine, 7Jsc; Fruit
Bags. 6Vi@7c.
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50:
Richmond, $S: Cumberland. $13 (n bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannei, $9 per ton; Coke. $11 su®M per
ton in bulk and $15 in .sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 50 per short *on.
OlLS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add sc; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
52c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 14®1 16; Lucol. 48c for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65®
7Sc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, sb-.
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached-winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil 65c: natural Whale Oil. 60c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 63c;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
57><.c; Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish OIL 35c; Paint Oil. 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whlt»
Coal Oil. hi bulk, . lie: Pearl Oil, In cases,
17% c; Astral. 17Hc: Star. 17% c; Extra SUr,
jtf^c: Elaine. 26c: Eocene, 19Vic; Stove Gaso
line. In bulk. 15^c: in cases. 2ic; Motor Gaso
line, in bulk, 15Uic: In cases, 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate. Iron barrels or drums, 8c: No.
2 do, 6^c; cases. 6ric more: Benzine. In bulk.
12V>c; cases. 19c; SS-degree Gasoline. In bulk.
'Joe; in cases, 31c. . '
TURPENTINE— 93c per gallon in cases and
S7c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Load. 7^9
B%e per lb; White Lead, 7%®S%c. according
to quantity. \u25a0 .
SUGAR — Prices have been marked up .15c.
The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes as follows.* per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.15 c;
Powdered, sc; Candy Granulated. 'SSc; Dry
Granulated, fine, 4.90 c; Dry Granulate?, coarse,
4.00 c: Fruit Granulated, 4.90 c; Beet Granu
lated (IGO-lb bags only).. 4.SOc; Confectioners*
A 4.00 c: Magnolia A, 4:50 c: Extra C. 4.40 c;
Golden C. 4.30 c; "D." 4.20 c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.400; boxes. 3.65 c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos, 7.90 c p«r lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five \u25a0 barrels or -its equivalent.
UecelplH of -Product. .
. FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER 14.
Flour, qr sks.. »,2Co;Papfr. rolls'-.... Sol
Wheat ctls 3.l!iS: Calfskins, bdls .. 30
Barley, ctls ... 9.404[ Beans sks IL25!>
Oats, ctl3 .. I.ll6' Potatoes, sks ...5,795
AMERICAN G^ARA>.TY CO.
OF CHICAGO. ESTABLISHED 1803.
FREDERICK M. STEELE. President.
. CHARLES L. FUREY. Vice President.
LEWIS W. PITCHER. Secretary.-
JAMES L BIGELOW. Treasurer.
OAFIIaL .... . . ....'. . . . .$500,000.00
Burplns and Dndiridsl Profits $576,332.47
itsumes Four Umjjs of Co portta Obligations:
-.1st — The payment of the principal of bonds.
2d — The payment of. interest on -bonds,
ad — The redemption of corporate stock.
4th — The payment of dividends on redeem-
-. ' able and preferred stock.
It also performs the following services for
\u25a0 its clients, assuming the expense thereof;
: FIRST — To secure the services of a re-
: putable trust company to act as trustee
for the bondholders, and to certify, to the
genuineness of the bonds.
SECOND— Prepares the necessary deed of
. trust . in conformity with the requirements
of the trustee. ••';• - - . .
I." THIRD — Has the bonds and coupons en-
graved or lithographed, laying same before
the officers of the corporation ready for ex-
" ecutlon. • ...» ,
. FOURTH— Attends to all the detail* of
an issue of bonds, relieving the officers of
tne annoyance incidental thereto. .
- FIFTH — Furnishes engraved or litho-
graphed certificates or stock bearing Dtx»Der
indorsement of guaranty and ready for Is-
suance
SIXTH — Prepares and submits the. form
of necessary motions and resolutions to be
passed by the. stockholders and directors
and otherwise supervises all work In any
manner: affecting the legality of the issu-
ance of the securities.
- Correspondence invited. Interviews «o-
licited. -; - :
.~ tttnaiil t flees 171 I> Silla Stritt. CtlctgV
AUCTION SALES
. EDWARD S. "SPEAR & CO.
AUCTIONEERS.
31 and 33 Satter Street. Telephone Main 5131
EX-STEAMER ALAMEDA
tX-STEAMER ALAMEDA
$30,000 Worth of Dry Goods
and Merchandise Recovered
From the Wreck of the
STEAMER ALAMEDA
SfEAMER ALAMEDA
STEAMER ALAMEDA
By Order of
JOHNSON A HIGGIXS.
J Adju.tterm.
MOMDAY AMD TUESDAY .
MOMDAY AMD TUESDAY
October 16th and 17th
October 10th and 17th
! MONDAY and TUESDAY, Oct. le^and IT. 190 ft
I • - ' * '
Conuneaclas Each Dny at
10 O'Clock A. M.
IN SALESROOMS
The Goods Comprise In Fart I
BLANKETS, MUSLIMS,
SHEETIMGS, HOSIERY,
LADIES' GLOTHIMG,
TABLE LINENS,
SILK SKIRTS,
CORSETS, TOWELS,
SATCHELS AMD BELTS,
WOOLENS, ETC*
EDWARD- S. SPEAR & . CO..
:. -* Anctloneer».
Administratrix's Auction
CONTRACTING PLANT
of R. J. CARTER, deceased.
Af Cor. Dana & Blake Streets, Barkalay
Monday, October 16, 1905
At 1O O'Clock P.M.
10 draft horses. 6 wagons. & double seta work
harness, 2 dwmpefcxts. IS scrapers, buggy. 8
plows, wheelbarrows, sledges, chains, lumber.
etc., etc. Terms cash.
MAGGIE CARTER. Administratrix.
MAX MARCUSE. Auctioneer.
fc* fc* £=?
AUCTIONSALE
50--HEAD -HORSES— SO
All gentle, broke horse*, weighing from 1050
to 1400 pounds. Some matcned teams of driv-
ing horses and some matched teams of wagon
horses, also single bustne» buggy horses and
stylish saddle horsea. also heavy horses for sin-
-Tuesday Eve., Oct. 17, '05, B p. in.
HORSES ON EXHIBITION SUNDAY.
Positively no outside horseu taken in this sale.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
E. STEWART & CO..* 220 Valencia Street.
ATTENTION, CATTLEMEN X
AUCTIONSALE
From the prlss winning Humboldt herd o£
registered Shorthorns, property of Messra. B.
F. Rush and William rierce. Sulsun. Cal..
comprising 5O head of yearlings, two and threa
year old bulls and heifers.
Sale takes place at Wiiiotta Ranch. Sulsun,
Cal..
THURSDAY. OCT. 10. 1905, at 12:00 31.
Conveyances meet all trains. Lunch will b«
served. For catalogues send to FRED H.
CHASE & CO., 1732 Market St.. San Francisco.
Cal.
2* ** 2*
\t auction next TUESDAY. October 17. I
will sell all the horses, wagons and harness
belonging to J. Tomer; also a lot of other
hor«es and mares at 1140 Folsom street at
11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOCOH. Auctioneer.
Tallow, ctls ... 322, Onions. »k» 294
Sugar, ctls s,Ssfr Bran, sks 82»
Leather, rolls .. 101, Hay, tons 160
Hides. No 803| Hops, bales 33.3
Pelts bdl 725; Wool, bales .... 404
Ralelns, bxs ... 5,925 Shorts, iks 315
Lime bbls 317 Middlings. «k«... 8O
Wine, gals .....70,200'
ORBGOX.
Flour, qr ska... 1.020J
STOCK MARKET.
A Good Buslnenn In Bonds and Several
<_r'p\' JUnlns Stock*. ;; :
For Saturday there was a very good busi
nesa in bonds on the Stock and Bond Ex
change, amounting to "1C3.000, of which $30,0C0
was in Sunset Telephone 5s at $110" 73. la
stocks trading was dull, with lower bids for
Alaska Packers and California Gas and Elec
tric The* following were ex-dividend und.er
the 'rule: California Fruit Canners. 6Cc; Cen
tral Light and Power, 3c; ilartel Power, lc.
In the . mining stocks Consolidated Virginia
was active and higher and the other Com stock*
ruled firm. In the Tonopahs there was - In
creased activity, especially in Montana Tono
pah, which was heavily dealt in. . » .\u25a0
STOCK AND BO.YD E.TCHAAGE.
SATURDAY. Oct. 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. A3k.l Bid". Ask.
4s qr coup-.104%105 a i'4« qr'cp bw.134 134%
4s qr reg...101-1i105%>3s qr coup. ..IMVUO3%.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s — — tOk T Con 39.111^ —
Asso Oil ss. — 91 O W gtd ss. — • 9*
Bay CPC Sa.ICS% — Oceanic Sss — .63
Cat C G sa. 107 — Om Cable 63.120U —
Cal G& E g . Pac Glm4s 83 —
m&ct 5s 90*4100 PE Ry 55.111%112Vi
Cal-st C SsllllYimU Pac L&P 5»,101^ —
C C Wat ss. — 10S . P.* C H 6«.1t)2% — \u25a0
Ed L&P.65.124% — P& O R 6s.lH» —
F& C H 65.113 — Poweil-st Cs.llf —
Geary-st sa. — 43 Sac EG&R3S.IIO — *
H C&S 5%5.104% — SF & SJV3s. — —
Do 5s ....104%105 SF.O ASJ3s. — — .
Hon R T tJs.lO»% — Sierra R ««.H2»4 —
L A Elec 5a — — S" P of A «s
LAG &E1 5s — 103 ' (19C9) 107%108%
L A Ry 55.116%11S (1910) 103% —
LAL gtd 58.103% — S'Pof C 6s
LAP lcmss.lllS — H9o6> —'\u25a0 —
LAP C 35.. 107% — <1912) ... .112%113U
Mkt-st C 65.114Vi115% SPC 1 eg 35.120* i —
Do 1cm55.115 — SP B R 65.134 —
MV& MtTSs.lO5 — S V Wat 6a. 102 —
NR of C 63.104 — t Do 4s 2dm.100% —
Do 5s ....110 — .Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
NP C R 5«- 105% 10(5% I Do g mts4s 97% — ""..
N CRy 5s T— lll%(Stkn G&E6s.— — i \u25a0'\u25a0'<:
N C P C ss. — 100%| V G & E 55.104?i105U
O GL&H Ss.ICS% — t'K of SF 4s 89*» — .
Ok T Co 63.121 - — I Val Co P'.SMW% : —
• Do 3s 112% — I Yos SL 4%5. 93 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra CsU 48%' 49 fPort Costa... — I f-3
Marin C 0... «0% — |S V Wat* Co 40% — »
Continued on Pasc 1 44.
4748
FORMALLY END
FAR EAST WAR
Emperors of Japan and -Rus
sia Attach Their Signa
tures to the Peace Treaty
LAST ACT IX DIU3IA
United States and France
Act as Mediums for Con
veying the Notifications
WASHINGTON. Oct. 14. — Ihe Era- |
jicror of Russia and ttie Emperor of i
Jai«an to-day sJgrncd their respective |
cupK-e of the Peace treaty, thus officially j
*t«ilng th» v.ar. Notification of the Jap- ,
iiicst tSmpcror's actioa was transmitte-l :
lo n-jssla oy this Government. ; \u25a0
I'ARIS. tfet I*.— Premier Kouvier. ;
acting on I.ehulf of the Russian Gov- i
et-nment. to-r->ii!»J. - cabh-d to M. Har- ;
limhd thf Kr'onch Minister at Tokio, ;
to ihforri the Junano.«e . Govtrnmcat ;
that Lt)« L*i«pcror of Russia, had to-ilay j
s;£n*-<i the peace treaty, thus complet- |
iijg Russia's part In the conclusion of ]
pe^c; :.etv.-een tliat country a^l J.-ipa«. j
tarty in the day the Foreign Otiice j
id <ived a liOtiiu-ation from St. Pett:s- '
hr.ni :;..-\i Et.ij^ror Nicholas probably
would sign ih^ tr.aty during the day :
a: rt Vo'.ild ask Trance to communicate
tn. Cabt of ratiiicatiua to Japan. Prc-j .
inlfj; i:ot:v:-r a-.-fordirg-ly .remained In
bii offltt 'Juuuglio-Ji the day for the
purpose 6t immediately transmitting ;
tli<- niossapc. , "
Notice of the Signing of the treaty •
in St. Ptrtorsburu did. not reach here |
vir.til « o'clock I'.iis evening, when the i
J!ubsian «r.*aa»J r*o*lved a dispatch
Kiivi-ij; that EhipKTor Nicholas! bad af
nx"'<i hi* signature to the . document j
tnd n-.-urs'.ir.g '.that France be asked,
t« i-ansinit the Information to Japan.
CZAITS INVITATION ACCEPTED.
I nlted Slate* Will Srnd Delegate to j
The Hacc* Conference.
WASHINGTON". Oct. 14.— The State!
Impertinent to-day ' made public the >
Invitation of the Russian Government ;
to a second conference at The Hague j
and the President's response. These |
tafce the shape of two memorandas. one j
dated September 13, and an unsigned j
memorandum delivered by Baron Rosen
to the President at Oyster Bay. and the
other a memorandum dated October 12, j
also unsigned, delivered by the Prcsi- \
dent to Baron Rosen in Washington.
The meranranduni delivered to the •
J'r-sident by Baron Hosen is as follows:
in view of the termination, with the corJial '.
co-operation of the President of the United ,
6t«tes cf the- v.ar and of tht- conclusion or j
j.eaf t«'.xveez; Russia and Japan his Majesty. ;
tht- Ernrnror as' initiator of the fn;ernaU;-n2l .
••.arc conference o f I 8». *°^* that a f avor " !
able tnoavm ha? now come for the fujthrr |
deveicsjment an.', for the fystematlzin* of the \u25a0
I*b.--e «.f that international conference. WHn ,
th's on.l !:t view awl bPtnjr aF«urfd in advance j
cf the uympkCby of Hr^s^dent Roosevelt, who j
last y*ar pronounced hlmse-lf in favor of men ;
• prefect, iiis ilajctty derJres to arprcach him |
with an aortal to tho effect that the Govern- i
r.ent <>f lit Ignited States take in a new |
Irt rnational ooaftTODee. v.iich V.-ould be called :
toptther a.: The HaSS as soon as favorabl.- :
ie|.l:es c;ou!d bo securwl from all the other i
etat' B. to whom a t'.milar proposal w ill be • i
tnatr. As thi course or :1)* lat« war has K*vtn j
lis. to s. iiumlitr cf question* which are of j
the ijreatest lrajiortance ano clo;?ly rtlatcrt to '\u25a0
tV.-- act? of thf Jlrst corftrence, the plenipoten- i
Uart«a "oi Ru.'sia at the Xuture mettlnß will !
ley b'-forr :hc conference « detailed pr^granim*. j
• ho3i (tii;!i! serve- as a starting point for its I
4«.;;bcr:it!ons.
The folluwing- is tlie President's i
tii'.T.nirandum in response:
On the IStil of la«t month at rfapamore Hill {
hi* tIXL-rllency. the Enilasaador -if Russia, pre- i
6.i!t«-.i to the Prr-jidert a memorandum, being I
i. taeaeasc from his Maj<ety. tht- Czar, to the ;
J^ii-iciMU to thf effct-t that, in view of the ;
t'-tminaiko. r.-lth the cordial co-u;>*-ratlcn of j
\u25a0tht Pre>ic-rnt. of the war and of .the ccnclu- :
r lon of p-a--f- bctw •\u25a0• n Russia and Japan, his '
Imi-c-rial Majesty, as Initiator of th" intrma
ticnu! irfa'f fonferrntv of IKK), deems the |
j..i:sr:it a lavorabl-j motntnt for further dvel- .
«pir<jc iiwl tytt-:rr.atizinK the bvborv of that ocn- <
f#r<-s,i<-. and that tc this end. you belnc as- j
(vrcd vi advance of the sympathy of the !
I'iesiJrr.t, who last. year i-ronouuced tdc«el( I
In favor of su:li a projfet. his llfLJcyty desires ;
it- n|>v>roa<.h the President with a proposal to
tlie effect that me Govcrrrmfnt of the Un.ted ;
titaUs take part in a n< r.-w international con- !
feren«, which could be called togtth.r at "l"he '
}-.:i-u. as «oan u« favorable rc|il!t-s may be I
obtained from all the other f tales to which a i
•in. liar pio|x>ral ie to be made.
The Secretary of State, by direction of the |
Pr<-Fid*nt. has the hon<>r to confirm to his Ex- |
ct'kney. the llmbassador of I:us«ia. the ar^ur- !
• ncf-s 'vhfch the Presjldcnt had the sin.«-re !
pleasure to ttive u> hie Exc»:iency at the tim.j i
of the i,retfntatlon r.f the memorandum of S p- !
t€morr-13. TTie PrvsiiJenfs circular to the i
powttl of the acts of The Hague conference,
\u25a0whivh the- late Secretary <\u25a0( State communi
cated to th« several signatory states through
ll>r- American envoys accredited thereto, dated
rt-8-pet.-tivvly October 21 and December 10 of
layt year, have demonstrated the Preeident's j
ke*-rt o'>iro--<*»at- U)>om :i favorable -rcsMi n the
L'.riors of tbe lit>t int»-;natl..nal :>ea<.- cunftr- I
eiiur mitfht be rupplcuicnit-d ari completed by !
an nc.cvrtl to h» reached by a *f-ron<l •:'.nft-r«.-ni'^; i
•if thy vower*. Thr tu^^<->;!ion ?a put fo:tii j
haviiiß W-en BOOeiXcd in principle l;y the signu. i
tciiei?. it <n.'y remained f.ir the opi.-jrt::t:e tu-- •
m<nt U' rime for tht powers to a;;rf<- ur»on ihe
I'iacc cr.ft time foi tiieir a^emHase In'oMrrJ
Ib nrn. <t tht l»ncncial agirtmsr.ts of ihc first j
i'^ii«.rcii<<-.
The I'reskVni n.ost gladly i?tl~smea the oifer '
tof hi» Im>*ria? Majcrly to agiin tak^ upon !
rimsflf the initiation ol the stjps r*<;i2;s!t<? to ;
t o..\c.i. a t... .-id JriK-rnati.r.al |fa«- «o.if«i
•er.ee. as th< necessary e?quence to the first con
l*rrnce. brought about through hlg Majesty's !
efforts, and In view of the cordial rcsp^me* I
to i lie rrexident's suggestion of October. 1JM)I I
h» doubts not that the project will meet with I
compete p-.-ceptation and the tr>ult will be I
to bring nations of the earth still more I
«\u25a0»<«« .y lozcircr in their common endeavor to I
advanc? tJr. < :-ds of peace
A«.rt?ptcts ihe-furthtr statement of hie Ex- !
celltncy'B memorandum of September 13. that !
a* the late war has given rise to a number i
of Questiomi which ar* of the greatest import- j
*nee and closely related to the acts vt the first I
conference, the plenip«te-ntlarie« of Russia at '
tto future meeting, will lay before the . con
fenrncc a detailed progratnaie • *'hlch could
rf'VM? lita s? l 2 t P oi . nt for lv liberations.
.'^. ' n= sident flnd s « in consonance with the
indl^tlons of hi, circular of October 21. 1904
touching the questions to come before a second
• onfcretK-e for di*e UB *lon and the Importance 1
of completing the work of the first confer'ne
by ample exchange 'of- views, lad It I, tn k.
h0pe.1..-I U ll concord upon tS b?2ad ,u«UoSi
\u25a0jK-ciflcally rc!egat«d by the final act of The
H-gue to the consideration of a further con! j
Japan to Withdraw Her Troops.
TOKIO. Oct. ID.-lt is believed that
tin- Government has sent an order to
Manchurlan headquarters to commence
the evacuation of Japanese trocps Oc
tober 16. It is expected that Japan will
f-ffect a complete withdrawal of her
troops in six months.
American M«-niuhh!p Seized.
TOKIO; Oct. 15.— The Navy Depart
ment has announced the seizure of the
American steamship Centennial on Oc
tober 10 in Soya Strait.
DKLIDS KI,ECT. OFFICERS.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 14.— Tamalpais
Grove. No. 58, United Ancfeat Order of
Druids, has clecttd the following offi
cers for the ensuing term: Henry 'A.
Crane, noble arch; John f^afargue. vice
arch;. Kugene W. Smith Jr., conductor;
I-'. H. Miller, secretary; S. G. Herzog.
treasurer; B. Lafargue. inside guard;
C. Calgazcia, outside guard; Thomas J.
l'allon, trustee.
BKAKEMAN DlliS KROM- INJURIES.— J.
I-'. Mattls, a brakomtn. about 29 years .of
*\u25a0*<•-. died at the Southern Pacific Hospital at
:::.'{o yesterday afternoon from Injuries re
• \u25a0pfved in Isuas3;uir on October 12. Mutt is sot
betv/ecn ti<e Targ.to coup'.e the . bese. when
hl» lout "tlij»i)e<J and he fell. He was brought
to this city and underwent an operation, but
could not survive the chock. • •
"WIRELESS TELEQRAPtiV DEMONS TR A 77ONS,7HIRD FLOOR, jo^TO 12 A : M., 2 TO sP. M. FRANCIS McCARTHY, BOY INVENTOR OF^JHIg
10 -- Ready at Hale's to-morrow with a heartier welcome to one of the most important embroidery events of the year. \ Ribbon Economy
Over ->5 000 Yards all told— Swiss, cambric; nainsook, from dainty insertions think embroideries— the kind of event. that causes us to capture space that rightfully y^Td^ 45^-inch ribbon,
inch wide to'allov'ers and flouncings, sonic of the latter 26 inches wide, with designs belongs to other , departments, in order^to properly show the values and make room jg ' enters " with fancy
mvi «iuc to , . o for easy buying— the kind of.event that will bring hundreds here to-morrow, all wanw „!„«, T or yard
12 inches wide. (Get your ruler and measure the width of that pattern, then think of j^ firs y t ch Lce. at the snowy heaps and piles. \ **%£ d Wiy last
it at 75c .yard.) / Plenty lor all, but prettiest, most desirable pieces have the habit of going first, week at i»c that few co^ d^ rem 1 a a l^-
It's the kind of event that has caused hundreds to think of Hale's whenever they Be first and get them. Prices? First . maise n and' tan^coTors that many
— ' ,'^-:^':/ i''v-^-i - Jj, women like best. It means a saving
«w » TT « - l^ T•• \u25a0' -"' f I T^| • - \/ _t Af C/, \iarA to you of 6c a yard over last week 3
Warmer Underwear Now 26-In. Flouncings 75c Yd. Edging ai c JILV , 3£E5^,,, .-
' Frinrisro's mnst imnortant underwear event enters its r\ 1 1 -j r-v • * ** c • 1 *j «., dainty patterns on Swiss and cam- inch fine high luster ribbon, a
ban Francisco b most important underwear even uc _ , Others 22 inches wide. Dainty patterns, 6 inches wide, on brie- insertions Y± to iV 3 inches leader m millinery; in Alice blue.
m WXSI iSiii SiHill- t r™ and cambrk - , a g r ping a " our ov^- doiiar flouncing - "^ -r?|pi ' I lllJilMii
dren should fill their underwear wants now. that have dwindled to short lines. . ' - At lUCyard • white. Regular 35c 'ribbon at 23e
Choose from the thousands of garments, share values like these. If to- And embroidered Swiss alloyers, 22 inches wide, in blind and Fj ne Swiss edgings "in baby de- 25^ ar pillow- Ribbon, 15c« 3%-tnch
ISKiS KS^fKS^Saffi^ iS m?m%^¥M yy ° U open patterns, most of them raised conventional designs. signs Insertions £ to 2 inches wide '-un stripe,
>Vo.«c 3 '« Tsc Clarnieut- at 3Oc: Children* 50e Union Suit.. 35c: •' \u25a0}*;£ 1 1 - -_^>; « S the ton eness^a "^per lectft nis not blue 'and green. Unusual at 15c
Half wool jersey ribbed- vests and Heavy ribbed, natural gray cotton, ;A , QO r \/nr*H At 9St \J 'A V(\ these patterns that make them so de- yard .
Slants, silk trimmed, pearl buttons, open down the front, pearl buttons, t\V /UL- VCI 1 U AL Z(JL yCIIU sirable. SSe Fancy Ribbon. 13c yard* Rare
covered seams, in white and silver sizes 3to 12 years. .- _. . -f • - ; . , " "* A'l^'i'C' ; - '* J J -= •' values in shaded ombre stripes.
gr;; v; size- 4, i and 6. children* Union Suits 50ci > Fine Swi 5S and nainsook allovefs, Swiss and cambric . corset cover At \jC Y3.YCA fancy taffetas J* lt * 2 u nd 4
Vh- fiariociii* nt so.: Genuine Oneita, heavy fleeced cotton. 20 to 24 .inches wide, blind, open- widths and flouncings, IO to 17 inches \ jc • u-a a inetfwwidV r«ular»sc ribbon at
Jors/vri"bod white cotton vests and natural gray, tinished with pearl but- fc \u25a0\u25a0 effects p at . - wfnd and patter ns, in . Cambric and Swiss embroidery edg- Jnche^wlde. regular
na»itV fill and winter weicht. trim- tons; sizes 3to 15 years. # . . . . ' *^ r ings, 4to 12 inches wide, rine pat- -,-.. nn > T nibbon 10c yard* Fancy
SSS^mIS.I^SSSS^^ dov.,' union suit.. 85e: terns in bowknot,. wheel, leaves, rings bow knot, wheat wheel and comb.- te^ up to wider ones in heavy raised N^T'l?? Sche. wide.
5 and c. . Heavy ribbed silver gray cotton, and butterflies. Others in stripe or nation raised and thread designs. In- an( j English embroidered designs rosebud and corn flower designs;
women** Wool Garment.. $1.00: Kch^ck-^izS^ Heavier patterns in sertions 2 and 3 inches wide, suitable suitable for skirt flouncings. Inser- sBn™^e?utar"?5 B n™^e?utar "?* 'ribbon "t "lS
P^J*' n'fvi^la'Ris' 1 CJose-flt'tlnff cuffl T*e same suit in one-half wool at raised effects. for waist fronts and cliffs. tions Yx to 2 inches wide. yard. *
:md aukUs, in white and' natural $1.50.. '\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0?>• '•"'* "" '\u25a0 _^ . "
gray; sizes 32 to 44. Boys' Underwear. 25t't a I yrpff* Vl/fl |*G f -^i^^^^v ". > £&%() tf/f? 1 ?
Wonirn'M Union Mjlt*. 4."i-: na'ntlets' and "drawers; soft, heavy . ;. - < . v/.-»' —.fS^^v %T.-«^
Genuine Quality; sizes 3 to 12 years. Ne\V BeailtV $//)00 SQQ" uC-5 i^^Xvl J^t^wfe^
ecru^ S snver c< &ray. n pearl CO buttons; >II»»eV Garments. 50e: K'o-rit '1 " ' ' tA^S? '^ " _^o^^^^^^^^^^^4^-'
Corset Cover- at 250: bed? and finished; — and- SO many. Silverware to &^^^^^^^^^m^hl t^^^^J^^^^^^.. y&tyi*
]ouT^ n -y^v^^^^<-^^ int-lmtVvosts.Sr' u se, or silverware to give. Sil- l-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^f^^^^^^T^^^i^h^^i iS^^^^lfi!^
Half w'ooir'soft'quality. ankle length, ered seams; sizes 6 months to -Vi jj n g n(?xt mont }-,_ \ \^^^^^^ C^ V^^ \**^ ''^^S T* /"^
H 1 jr\iOi f y 1 1*^ Cy r% *x w dishes, $2.25; pickle castor, —^ j^^ >^^^?1^ v****' • -*' f /V>*."
Il lilvyl vvIVCI lal^ *P jw» *^y $2?2C' fruit and cake stands J<Zt^£sM^: /T//r'i7//r
It will cover 9x9 feet completely like a carpet. It will cover a an l many other pieces ' '^^^^' (v"(^^^^^^ '' //?'rtl%
bie^er floor and leave a nice-sized edge for a hardwood finish. It- J' • Uj " V . >
wiH take the wear that an expensive carpet . otherwise would get. **£$£££ SKhSSJSSfS b'JSSJ (The picture ls ° f flve hats taken ha^ hazard from those that in be Bho^ n to-morrow.)
It will catch the crumbs and keep them off the dining-room .-floor \^[j^™^™%™g*«i IP S\ _ ff^ «« y ' Jr^i=k^4- H O'+ I\T^^^7^
underrieath the table. embossed, a few items to impress g SI- d fifrf'is W **fc H Bir^^^ § SB S >a S!^ Wv
ItTaaranlte art s.uare. size 9x9 feet, in different, pretty Oriental de- J^lj .the , readlne» of the Hale 11/ 1^ CB.^ £^W^^ I lUt 11W YY j
B^-d Tr^!^ Quadruple sil- Of Oi/pr 1000 NPW Tfi TTI mP^fi H^ t^
tered into a compact to mi second m>or Butter ouhe,, $2^3: Covered dish- ' A congress of style and beauty and economy that s ready for San Francisco women to-mor-
irt Burlap \z*Aet Art Denim. ip^c: es. quadruple silver plate, in but- row — that's ready for those outside of San Francisco who will come or who will write the style they
" SffiffiSSSi for w^ls^n^ceiVS t?%^e™s ffioft\^ffi£gK2* P.eL Cn^tor, $2^: Quadruple sil- , Want and let US do the choosing. ? V .%-.; .V gjgj. :^^/
cornea in old Kold brown. 3 shades of tional designs, for covering lounges ver-plated tongs. handle and j t f~\ .. pv j.*"i 1 XJ\/
pre 4; Hhadcfof red and the nat- or window seats. stand, pretty pressed glass bowl. |{ 5 (JpnOrtUnitV rartlCUlarlV IOH IOU
ural color. I2i«e yard. - Rovaline Crepe 22V-**: Crumb Trny and Sornper, SU.SO: r r -/ >•
Hunxurinn flnth, Kici a dainty fabric for making valances Quadruple planted, pretty designs. So that you can get your winter hat to-morrow and. pay the price you wanted to. pay and get a better
36 inches wide, in Oriental and con- for the bed or window drapes; in a Others at $2.75. style, or pick the style you want and pay a lower price. The varieties are large. -The quantity tells that.
ve_nHo.^dcsigns: c splendid for coy- nice line of colors and designs. t^trlSSl^'Sffghi^^^P^yrSi There are scarcely two among the trimmed hats that are alike.
oi"' "ml "11° ir>~' Couch Cover*. $1.50: ebony handles, new designs. All the new colors, all the new shapes, all hand-made hats, many of them of velvet, trimmed with breasts,
?Mffur e d°Bilkolin" 36 inches wide, in &l\ m n^usTtrfpe^ IrtOrlentaTcoN *>«» ««nd. fTJSoi . Quadruple silver plumes, wings and birds. With particular emphasis on black and white hats.
OrfSttal and flowered designs, for on all Sides. Plated, butler finish gold lined. different orices from $2 7=! to $2000 another at $2 75
comforur coverings. Jewel C:ise.«*. $8.50: Latest designs in 130 iJiaCK riots at ainerent prices irom 92.73 10 >»^u.uu. anoincr ai 9-*-/3«
... r.,r.,.i n *i«i«i 7c- Bra»« Extension Hod», 7c: . terra cotta bronze, upholstered. Particular stress has been laid on the dre^« hats at The variety. at each price is" as complete as though it
3^-inchcf wide; stHped curtain swiss; ?? o an 4 c b^"^ ld a e ny wlndows from 30 »atln lined raised design decora- $iaoo> $I 5 and $_>0,00, many of them trimmed with was the on i y price concerned. As much care has been
will make neat curtains or a drape to 4S -nches wide. 'i", ° r "1 oo- Pretty nressed lar^ e fluff y ostrich plumes. taken in making $2-75 hats as in planning those at $20.00
for the dresser 15,. Cnrtnln >*ot 10e» • I owner Jar, ?>l.OO: x reny pressea ,-y ; «» »•» *; =• \u25bc
"»<• Door paueiii 4Oci White nsh'net curtaining. 36 inches glass siowi. silver-plated top, a Table to Dress Hats at $6.50. Another to trimmed If you dont want to buy it will be a. display well
Door panels in white or Arabian; will wide, in a variety of designs, strong beaded design. . hatg at g^jj another ta bl e o { $3.95 hats. Yet worth coming to see and gather ideas from.
fit any ordinary door. and neat. Clear Jar, 65c: Decorated metal . -
__/ . " __^ — — — - covers. _
Embroidered Pieces \u25a0 "SF^m^ Welcome Flannel -News M?' sti } r } o s
c , 'n,r n • ' 7^c Values at 48c
bampies at nan rnce. - OrH^rc Headed by Tennis Flannel, oc just enough for 300 bo ys , if bought
Pillow tops, table covers, scarfs and squares with dainty Har- LrCLLCI KJI UCI & Heavy fleecy strioed "splendid for children's wear and equally ff 1 "* 1^ But mothers will take them
A^rr» r i»A P iitTsripn work When you see how orettv they are Should be sent to-day for anything , reav-.'r eav -.' nee S v ' stripea, bpienc na ior cnuareiib wear anu cc 4 u«i y by twos and threes and more when
danger and bulganan wonc. wnen >ou see now pretty uiej are m this advertisement. We win good for nightgowns. At 6c yard, it's one of the best items we ever they see what pretty stiff bosom
and how unusual you . will understand why we are so enthusiast c j»» promptly> ?s? s printed. Other flannel news equally important: . : dress shirts they are, of fancy pc?
about them. Not only a sample line, but one of the best sample long \u25a0 • n«— l. ioei m plain colors., twilled. kS% wra PPW Fia».ei. ioc, ifs a cale. in pink, blue and black stripes.
lilies we ever saw • • ' cream, light blue and white. beautiful quality. Others at 12<£e One pair detachable cuffs to match;
Its an opportunity to set dainty finished pieces for less than you can Cl^rf* Tilt PrPP af^c %£?£*% Z "** "* "ir5S to chSl". f ron?*"*"" 1*"1 *" "
buy the material for -Christmas is coming. SKIFIS %^Ut TennU Vianncl isc: 27 inches wide a Walatlnß Flanne ,. 60c, 27 inches wide. S^|^° m^ a D v "- .
\u25a0 By our expert man tailor, in any fine striped flannel for shirts and WO ol, some In woven dot patterns and gox In Vkln^l^ or f^,.v 9
X-^fl :»V: »V a H~V^ 2fl 4l> H 4\/f\ s tyJ« >ou want. An offer that skirts. fancy plaids. -, sinless P and ab S o1«?Jlv rw^"*
Christmas Doll, $1.00 - ISiHH S - "^\u25a0y^vs-r— a^.^HF^"^
Commander-in-Chief of the Christmas army this week. Santa -" " "j^ ~ ' l^V "if W^ J 1
Claus has sent, us hundfeds of new recruits to fill the ranks 64 M *j\\ ** #-» V! " ' %T% Cl HI §JOII f\ V l4f*O/l fl CIOT fl
thinned by the most stirring campaigning that, ever started our .. IldVIIdlli! <® &Zs .^^3 l^UllCll X-f 1 yaUtl \3 tll^
Christmas season: For a 100-Piece Dinner Set - It's "different" — a quality % we would have to pay practically
The^ rr i e u^ eS bV conUrl'so.r "" at . sur P risin^ prices - Prove this weck>s And you can buy single pieces at the same rate. The more $i.oo for if we ordered now. That's why. A quality' that will stand
S^osJ 0 ATi^he'charaSVis'ucs you know about china, the more you will realjze what it means- closest comparison with most $1.25 weaves, and we will give you
that go to .make .-splendid doiis at $1.75. Yet we've priced it si. 00. other to pay $25.95 for ioo pieces. - - .. sarnp ies so you can prove our statement: ,-
and fancy slip. g8 Of the best Ut J&S,": 100-pie^edihner set ofnhe "To talk of dress goods /Is to talk, of broadcloth this falL" " Ifs so. Erery
it *1.2.1: A handsome full-jointed doll. -*l^-fni-li Doll at 25ci Has kid^body, English semi-porcelain. best grade semi-porcelain; new, dressy costume is made of it, so sort and, clinging-, and wearable, too. 09
with strong body, bis<- head, eyes riveted hip joints, with* bisc head. ! w|th blue under glaze decoration; dainty shape and neatly decorated. . inches wide, in colors and black. Sl.OO yard. Come and see it and let us etve
that open and close, curly wig parted forearms and feet, curly . hair, lace some with the green under glaze; ,Atli!e: Vegetable dishes in fancy you samples so you can compare it. ,-.
in the «f:iter with bows; 21% inches opera gloves, lace stockings and slip- enough for 12 persons. Dinner design, with floral spray decora- '.. : ' ;»-i;i.
taii. at $i.23. , pers. - set »4.7r.. • ' ti6n; 8-inch size. Worsted Suiting /at $i.oo: i Alpacas at 50c:
\/\/ HB B B X" 3 BaßJrfl Fl S^ K"^ fl /TO » B traced handles At 7c: Dinner plates in English . Olue> orowna ana DiacK.
VV Illlv JLJ^HCillllL\.W 13« M^^-^*^^-^ \u25a0 4tSc-t Gravy boats in fancy shape; semi-porcelain; flown blue under Olima SuitUlgS at 60Ct Tweed Suitinirs eoc- '
. \u25a0 _ _ " ' - , \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0; ; ! --f ! .V- \u25a0 neatly decorated. glaze decorations. ": ; r Fine all-wool fabric. 46 inches wide. ,T, ;« «T? ,SS, SS .. -*'
« Tust I=;O pairs; Size 58^78;, regular $4.50 blankets; JUSt _ \u25a0 ._-- - regular $1.00 value; in myrtle, brown, Splendid $1.00 values, 55 inches wide;
jusl 'ju F« » o'/ " fe , - , - , • t »•' '9 /**&? castor, reseda, royal blue, srray, tan make nice tailored costumes,
enough wool, just enough cotton to make them the right weight tS£fi\ f^W^dm/ /Wt * and cardinal. Panama Suiting, 75c:
and warmth and strength for winter wear. xil&illis^lw /W/ 4&^ki W/i^^ 60c yard Sacking : Plain and fancy' weaves, in t*r,«
Out first time to-day. Because the wool wasn't thoroughly cleaned, in some of iimi IJSsf^W /3&!&^z~? l£g&3BSSk a v .ni-n^M f«r styles, all colors and black, 45 inches
the blankets "you lean see specks. We are going to sell them at »3.90 in- • ##/ ff^f -^^fflfy 'W^ (WP^ An* l-woo Is acking spl «ndid for wide. 75c.
j «r (I -a <ir%r. enmo <if thorn In v wlndrra 1 to-iVivr < tirZtrrf #**?»# L9m^^^^^*^&r >i£*2^^^ > 5S?W5!JS''*fS^ nOUSe Wear, OU menea wive, 111 CulOrS _,^ ,
stead of &4.00. hee some 01 mem in a winuow 10-uay. /#s?'/ J&W/ \u25a0 and black French Voiles at 75C!
gPflifPiliM^i""^ \u25a0. > WJgtS^OOOD&P' " Suiting at $I 00: '^i^^'l?-^
(ii,..., 750: Bleached, yard wide, soft finish. ~"^* t ß6B&gaEg»— ~ ,mF-^^ Rainproof suitings In the new gray Granite Suitings at -yen*
l-OO' sheets, made from the Utica Muxlln. JOe- yard: y. \u25a0 \u25a0^^ IF— "r" 1 Bl "l . «'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0i""*"* 1 . . - mixtures. And grays are popular waiute OUlungS at 75c:
Mills sheeting; very fine grade; size The good Wainsutta muslin; bleach- • "liroi»lj-£»+ Qfi»ooT Qlivrli Q Xi 1 and scarce. 3S Inches wide, at fIUK) Regrular $1.00 value, 50 inches wide.
81x90. .- ed; 36 inches wide. .* "^ \u25a0- \ : JSIATKCh ollct^l,-'ilc<ll,-'OLXtIIj O. -E . ;\u25a0,;,. and 9 1.25 yard. * . in all colors and black. • -
CAMPANIA'S
DEATH LIST
INCOMPLETE
Five of .the Passengers in
tjie Steerage Are Known to
Have Been Lost During tlie
Storm Last' Wednesday
.\u25a0 ; \u2666—
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Five lives are
! known to have been lost and more than
thirty persons injured, one of them
fatally, on the Cunard line steamer
Campania . last. Wednesday when a glr
gantic^wave rolled over the vessel and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1905.
.swept across a deck thick with steer-!
age passengers. I
So sudden was the coming of the
disaster . and so great the confusion
which attended and, followed it that
even the officers ; of the steamer them
selves were unable to-day upon the
vessel's arrival here to* estimate the
full extent of the tragedy.:^ It is pos
sible that the five persons known to be
missing from the "steerage may not
constitute the full number of dead.*
When the Campania reached quaran
tine to-day ten of the injured pas
sengers were still in the ship's hospital,
some of the seriously hurt, and a score
of others were nursing minor injuries.
John Graham of Milwaukee was 6no |
of the passengers, washed overboard]
and lost. The others who are known
to have lost their lives; were two Irish I
girls and two other women.
WASHED INTO THE SEA. \u0084,
. The Campania 'wasV ploughing, along
under full- heaclway. last' Wednesday af* j
I ternpon. ' The *sTeerage deck , was. cov
ered with, m«rry-makers..-a,nd ; i there > was
j nothing , to • indicate ' the'.'vapprotiching'
I disaster when" suddenly the big steamer
lurched to porUand,<scooped- up,' an
enormous sea. "The steamer's side was
buried and passengers on; the deck,
above tUe. steerage, were: submerged 'to
their waists; as; the immense volume, of
water rolled aft- and then: surged for
ward. All the cabin passengers on the
; upper " deck succeeded 'in:' clinging 'to
supports, while the waters surged
around them and were saved, but-' the
unfortunates in. the steerage _l deck
found themselves utterly helpless.- So
great was the volume and force of tl\e
rushing waters that a door in the rail
was smashed and through this opening
five of the helpless ones who had been
caught by the wave were swept to their
death. Others dashed againat the rails
and like obstructions, and escaped;
death, but many of; them received |
severe injuries. t " "I/-'-.
CHILDREN AXE SAVED.
From.tho steerage passengers it was
learned that th«:lives of several chil
dren were saved by a stewardess. Miss
Cot.fs, and.n deck:steward. The little j
oht-s w «re " playing about the deck when
they were caught by - the swirl . of
water and 'parried aft with the others.
On the lvturn rush-:. of the. wave the
chilf'.ii.!i worn being carried directly
toward; the cyer' door through .which
the five who lost their^'lives. had ;been
\arri«\J. v/hen Miss CoteX and the' stew-
I aid rushod to their. rescue and dragged
' them . back to eafetyy '
r.iith t nsseiigeis arid' officers, say .that
the. waves in \\Vednesday afternoon's
ga!« weru the .highest they ever havo
seen.-.- - J_ \ .'}',: \u25a0'\u25a0 ... , : f./SC •\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u0084-'.:\u25a0.•\u25a0
Jn; addition to John' Graham, V; the
Cunnrd ' line officials i' to-day : gave out
th 6 following-names 'of : steerage 1 , pass-;
sengers/.who were: washed overboard:
- Margaret i- Cleary; i Mary ' Cosgrove, C N.
, . . . \u25a0 ' . \u25a0'.-;\u25a0.\u25a0
Ekberg and Elizabeth Grunadotter.
, The Philadelphia, which ran into the
same storm, arrived here to-day and
reported that the storm was one of the
worst' that the Philadelphia ever en
countered.
All passengers on the Philadelphia
were kept inside during the storm,
which lasted forty-eight hours.
The ", steamer La Savoie; which ar
rived-here to-day," ran into a nqrtheasz
hurricane last Wednesday. Mine. Calve
was a passenger on the steamship, and
when the storm was at its height ana
the passengers were locked in the,cab
ins, many, of them badly frightened,
Mnie. Calve appeared and announced
her faith that the storm would be pass-,
ed through In ; safety. She then sang
until her fellow passengers were again
in. good spirits. . v
Mad era Will Not Incorporate.
.IIADERA', Oct. 14.— The first attempt
to incorporate Madei>a failed to-day,
the vote being four to one .against the
"proposition. 2 About half the registered
.vote. was^pqlled. The saloon men took
an active part and contributed -to the
deftat. There are about twenty saloons
in thi* place." .
SAN ;QUENTIN, Oct. 14.— The reg
ular meeting of the Board of Prison
Directors wfll.beneld here next Sat
urday. A quorum of the board was not
present to-day \u25a0
"LUCKY" HANSON
AGAIN ENRICHED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. C 010.,. Oct. 14.— "Lucky"
Rasmus Hanson's star again is in the
ascendency. The noted San Juan pros- ,
pector, who can make a fortune when
ever he, needs it and Is equally at \u25a0
.home whether at the head of a banquet
board as host to Princes or In the hum
ble i- -Thut of the prospector, probably
has done his last mining-.
"Cripple Creek men. including L. E.
Hill* and; others of the Golden Cycle ',
Company; O. T.'Holman, superintendent
of : .the;. Cycle.- and. A. H. Rolleston. a
-banker, 'have purchased the
I Mountain Queen" mining property, near
Silyerton.' paying Hanson more yian
$1,000,000 .for it, according to^report.
.Nearly fifteen years ago Hanson got
JSO.OOO for a mine just across the ridge
from /the Mountain Qtrfeen. He went
to Europe and while In England* met
several of the nobility/Kins Edward,
then the Prince of Whales, beln* la tha
party. Hanson entertained the present
Xing-. Affable, well informed and a
good spender, he readily secured their
attendance at a banquet at which he
was host.
, One morning Hanson awoke to find
himself almost Impoverished and h«
promptly returned to America and to
San Juan County to get another mine.
Now he has it— many times what he
had before.
About a year ago Hanson mat a
pretty young woman, who had chare*
of a cigar stand in a Denver hotel. She
was a Miss Laura Leesburg, a native
of Denmark, like himself. -He wooed
and won her and they went direct to
his little cabin In the gulch where his
mine was located.
Hanson is widely known and very
popular. He will take his Bride around
the world on a wedding trip and will
visit his mother In Denmark and give
•her a snug fortune.
A year ago he aaked his bride to wait
for her wedding trip and it would be a
trip such as few girls have.
The Atchlaon. Toi>«ka and Santa Fe Rall-t
way famous California limited train, thjwt*!
days to Chicago, leaves Mondays and Thurs
days. This train carries the latest style of
Pullman cars, observation car, library and
splendid dlnlnc car service. Train is electric
lighted throughout. For farther Information
apply to F. W.- Prince, city ticket anal. 693
Market \u25a0\u25a0 street. San Francisco. <St •