I h@<gSMWints IVI
THB WEATHER.
Forecast for December 29:
Ban rrancieco and vicinity — Fair
Friday; brißte north wind*: ooldar Fri
day rr.orcin*.
A. a. McADIE.
District For*OMt»r.
VOLUME XCIX— NO. 29.
PRISONERS'
CONSPIRACY
IS CRUSHED
Jailbreak Plot at
Martinez Discov
ered in Time.
John Zimmerman, Des
perate Stege Robber,
the Ringleader.
Conceals in Mattress Revol
ver Smuggled in by Dis
charged Man.
OAKLAND. Dec. 23.— With a revolver
In the possession of the most desperate
ene among them, prisoners of the Contra
Costa County Jail planned a break for
i freedom, and had not timely information
of the plot come to Sheriff Veale to-day
a bloody tragedy, of which the Sheriff
himself would probably have been a vic
time, might have reddened the prison
annals of the quiet city of Martinez.
Luckily from that mysterious \u25a0'•under
ground" source known to the men of evil
ways came a whisper of the conspiracy
brewing in the caldron of crime, anl
•prompt action averted an attempt at a
.break.
Though knowing that somewhere in the
prison was the weapon from which a
bullet might speed to his heart, Sherift
eale boldly entered it and took steps to
frustrate the scheme on foot. That hia
murder was contemplated was believed
from the results of the search made.
It was found that the revolver was in
the possession of John Zimmerman the
Bttgc robbt-r. Suspicion that proved to
be well founded pointed to H. D. Ren
ton, a. former, prisoner, as the man who
eniuggled the revolver inlo the 'jail, ami
lie was arrested in Oakland.
The firearm was found hidden in a mat
tress in Zimmerman's cell. It was fully
loaded. It is of the "bulldog" type, car
rying a cartridge.
ZIMMEHMAX I.XDER GUARD.
I As soon as the weapon had been re- |
covered Zimmerman was placed under a
strong guard. Close watch will be main
tained over the prisoner.
Intimations reached Sheriff Veale late
last right that there was something
wrong in the Jail. There was a hint
dropped within reach of the intrepid peace
officer that it would be well for him not
to make his customary rounds of<the jail
this morning until he had prepared him
self against a possible surprise. Just
how much Vrale knew he has not di
vulged. The first suggestion that there
\u25a0was trouble brewing was received by the
Sheriff from Constable Frank Moitoza of
Point Richmond. That officer, through a
secret channel, learned that a weapon of
mome kind had been surreptitiously
\u25a0worked into the jail, but he was not sure
where it had been concealed.
Likewise came from the same under
ground source a "tip" that a jail-break
was impending and that the life of Sheriff
Veale was in danger. Moitoza sent a
hasty message to the Sheriff, telling him
rot to go into the jail this morning until
Moitoza could get to Martinez. As soon
as the Point Richmond officer arrived
he gave the Sheriff the Information he
possessed.
REVOLVER IX MATTRESS.
Determined to check the plot at its
very beginning. Sheriff Veale took extra
precautions, but also took desperate
chances by going into the jail in his de
sire to at once crush the fconsoiracy
By subterfuge Veale made a search of
every cell in the jail. High and low he
hunted, but for the time his search was
futile.
Then the Sheriff removed every bit of
furniture and bedding from the cells.
Among these were the mattresses. Every
one of them was taken Into the jail yard
and one by one they were saturated with
coal oil and burned. Nothing came of
this move until the mattress in the cell
occupied by Zimmerman was reached. In
its ashes the much sought after revolver
•was found. Here was the evidence which
confirmed the story of the plot, the de
tails of which have yet to be learned.
Veale took steps to ascertain that no
other weapons were concealed in the Jail
and then began a campaign to run down
the confederate on the outside.
Renton. charged with having given
Zimmerman the pistol, was arrested to
night at Thirteenth street and Broadway
by Captain of Police W. J. Petersen.
Veale and lloitoza had told the police
whom they suspected, and Captain Peter
6en located Renton. who was preparing
to leave the city when he was captured.
ROBBERY AT STEGE.
The prisoner is one of four men arrest
ed December 8 on a charge of stealing
1000 pounds of copper wire from the Bay
Counties power ttation at Point Rich
mond. " His companions were William
Kelleher, Charles Nelson and Leonard
Wallace. These wen were confined in the
jail an Martinez, pending their trials.
They were fined and released several days
ago. Suspicion attached to them and by
process of elimination Renton was se
lected as the guilty man. -He lives at 529
Jones street and is a locomotive fireman-
Zimmerman's part In the robbery at
Etege shows him to, be capable of the
worst crimes. This robbery: occurred on
March 20 last. Zimmerman, who has
••done time," and Thomas A- Collins, an
other ex-convict, both masked and one
carrying a rifle and the other a revolver,
\u25a0waylaid John E. Daly and Frank Roche
j end robbed them of $9000 they were con
veying in a buggy from the Central Bank
of Oakland to the Bank of Richmond.
The robbers left $1000 in silver In the ;
buggy. Ihey bound and* gagged their
victims to make their escape. '
Zimmerman was convicted arid given a ;
lii£ sentence. He was awaiting the re
sult of an appeal to the Supreme Court. -
The San Francisco Call.
PARDEE TO APPOINT
SUPERINTENDENT.
Upon receiving the Attorney \ General 's opinion. Governor Par
dee will appoint Reginald H. Webster Superintendent of Schools.
Mayor Schmiiz has announced his selection of Alfred Roncovieri
for the position, and a contest is expected. The Attorney .General s
opinion will deal with the question whether the office is a county
or municipal one.
R. H. Webster Will Be Governor's Choice for
Post in State School Service.
MATOK SCHMITZ' APPOINTER.TO THE POSITION OF SUPERINTENDENT OF
PUnLIC SCHOOLS. AND EDUCATOR WHO MAY BE NAMED FOR THE
SAME PLACE BY GOVERNOR PARDEE. ,
Upon the receipt of an overdue opin
ion from the Attorney General, of the
State, Governor Pardee will announce
the appointment of Reginald H. Web
*ter to the important, poist of Superin
tendent of Schools of San Franci»co.
For tblN name position Alfred Ronco
vieri of tbe present local Board of Edu
cation has already been delected by
-Mayor Schmltx. \u25a0 !
This means that war Is nieh.
The opinion of the Attorney General
Is expected to be in line with an opin
ion delivered in a similar case and will
correspond with the already given de
cision of the Supreme Court regarding
the right of the Governor to fill vacan
cies occurring in State offices.
A bitter fight is being waged by the
partisans of Alfred Roncovieri, the
present president of the Board of Edu
cation, whose selection to the position
of Superintendent of Schools was re
cently announced by Mayor Schmitz.
The question upon which decision will
be made .is whether the office of Super
intendent of Schools is a county or mu
nicipal office.
Prominent local attorneys, well .in
formed in school law?, are generally of
the opinion that the State constitution
plainly indicates that the Superinten
dent of Schools is a county officer and
as such is part of a 'state system. In a
decision in a parallel case,. when a gu
bernatorial and mayoralty appointment
was made to a vacancy in the office of
Justice of the Peace, the Supremo Court
decided that the Justice of the Peace is
a township officer, and the gubernato
rial appointment was confirmed.
The post of Superintendents Schools
Is created by the constitution, which
also defines the term of the office. The
Superintendent of Schools is an execu
tive officer In his county of a State sys
tem, namely, the State school system,
which is in no sense a local affair.
Every city has its City Superintendent
of Schools, who is appointed by the
Board of Education and is usually Its
secretary. ..
The charter confers on the Mayor
certain powers of appointment ' to - fill
vacancies, but the charter Is . fashioned
In certain particulars, as has been dem
onstrated by the. decision of the - Su
preme Court, : vrlthout close reference
to. the rights of : municipal government
as distinctive of powers . conferred ~< on
counties ; by the. constitution and by
legislative enactment. San Francisco
Is anomalous, as' the county is' distinct
ly, a part of the Slate school. system,*
and as such' it bas/and must, elect, un
«ler the law, a County Superintendent^
A PARALLEL CASE. : -.\u25a0'. '( {
-At a time when a vacancy, occurred
SAN^FRANGISGO, FRIDAY;. DECEMBER -29^ 1905,
in one of the positions of ; Justice -of
the Peace, . Governor Pardee appointed
Isldor Golden, to the place, while Mayor
Schmitz appointed the ' present .Super
visor, James L 1L 1 . 1 Gallagher. -Ac that
time a contest aroso^and. the matter of
construing the law taken to the
Supremo Court. That body sustained
the "appointment of Pardee on the
ground that:, a; Justice of the ' Peace
was; a township and not a municipal
officer. • r • .
The Supreme Court held that the
charter exceeded its authority in giving
to the Mayor- the power" to appoint
county officers, and that as there was
no other.;mcthod provided by law for
the appointment of a. Justice of the
Peace, it was deemed to be a State.of
flce and part of the State judiciary sys
tem. The conclusion was that appoint
ments to fill the vacancies were vested
in the Governor.
Under the State law the County
Board of Supervisors can fill, the .va
cancy, but the Supreme Court has held
that the Supervisors are- not .members
of a county, board, but of : a municipal
board.. Before the adoption of the
charter the Board of Education < was
recognized as a county board,; but since
the charter went^ into ; effect: the board
has become municipal. ; '
WEBSTER SURPRISED.
Reginald 'H. /Webster has , served six
years as ' Superintendent' of Schools.". He
was first elected \ln 'j 15*96 [to /fill ian \ unex
pired; term. 'In ;1598.:; 1S98 . : he.^wa's) re'nominated
and elected," and in ; IDO2 was denominated,
only to be defeated by District:Attorney
elect* W. -H. Langdon, who retires . from
the post of Superintendent of ; Schools: •\u25a0 '
' Webster professed to be much"' surprised
that the secret was out; and declined" to
make . a- statement \u25a0"', until;;; officially ; i'noti
fied. He ;\u25a0 said, however, -that t he : was \u25a0; a
personal friend ,•• of ' \u25a0 Mr." Roncovieri ; : and
also of Governor Pardee/ ; He " added { that
he would : appreciate \ such", action by;. the
Governor as. a; mark of ; personal? esteem
and ; honor as much as \u25a0 a recognition i for
hl» pa«!t services ' as Superintendent of
Schools. , .
Alfred • Roncovieri is one of the most
popular. ; and capable men \u25a0 who . have
served the city; on the Board of Educa
tion. He is president of Uhe board and
has devoted | himßelf co'nsclentlbusly;; to' its
duties and to; the advancement of:educa
tional ' matters. .'The'anrio'uhcement 'of hia
selection '\u25a0 for : Superintendent /of I Schools,'
recently; made Jby: Mayor Schmitz at the
teacners'! convention • at; the fAlhambra,
was received -; with ,; by •' the
teachers, among .whom he r has many ad
mlrers."^aHJSßSBß . - ''•''/ v '
Among the attorneys of, the "• city .who
Continued 'on Page \u25a0 Column V 7.
EXCLUSION
ACT WOULD
MEAN WAR
Dr. Jordan Talks
on Japanese
Problem.
Predict^ a Conflict if
Brown Laborers
Be Barrediii
Educator Favors Keeping Out
the Lower Classes of
Chinese.'
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
DENVER, Dec. £S.— War between Japan
and the United/ States' is' predicted' by
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
ford: University, 'if ' Uncle Sam* puts up
the bars against" the Japanese as he has
against the Chinese.'
' "The Chinese- are not a : military peo
ple," said Dr. Jordan to-day,' and; the
noted educator decried the' efforts made ,
to stir Up a "yellow" peril,"" 'which, he ;
says, "does not exist. '."The.- Chinese Sim- !
ply do not care to fight like some other
nations.
"The Japanese could, hardly be called a
military, nation like some lof the other j
military nations of history. The; <nit lre
Japanese army- will soon ;be jdisbandedJ'
The JaTjanest? fought becaqsc they had
to, and, now that the, .'lighting is' over,
they will resume their, former . occup'a-^
tions>. . : ; --\u0084\u25a0;.-.. .-\u25a0';\u25a0\u25a0; '.\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0Z '.•'\u25a0 ,"•: " ;-.'; -.'- '.". .-.- " I
."That, China will awakea.is certain, but
there need be no fear, h/- the, awakening;
The , most; that will .resultils .-'that . the
Chinese will; bccorne-aii; alert. : »?ople,\}in
provctl,. in }TOaterlaU : j»nd\lh(iliciH»»J^j£oti^
\u25a0di tiuhs r ; and . Tea pable" 'of i)«or bj njg f 'ingrij
of our .products. : ' That, will '/help ;us,f aa
well as China.. \u0084;\u25a0' . „. J • •'\u25a0 •'\u25a0 \u25a0;" '."'* "'-\
.' '.'The boycott has caused trouble-.. for the
ccast's merchants, - but ( how. much p am
unable to say.- They assert that their
trade has been seriously, injured by> rea
son of it, but that is a matter of conjec
ture,;. The large/ capitalists there would
like to have coolie labor, -but, of course^
they'do not say anything about that.
-"I .believe that President Roosevelt' is
correct in his plan to admit v the higher
class of and that it will be per
fectly easy to distinguish between' this
class 'and the cheap labor, class./' No one
wants* the lowest Chinese, f or ' there is
nothing so ( unutterably, bad, as the low,
uneducated Chinese of the. lower type!
It Is this class that makes what we call
Chinatown; and ;no one wants another
Chinatown in any city in this country
' "The position of the = labor unions on
the coast in ' regard to excluding Oriental
labor , is liable Co cause trouble, for^ the
unions want a special ban put upon Chi
nese,; Japanese and Koreans. If this
measure becomes a law it will mean war
between the United States and Japan. I
am sure, of it," because I am personally
acquainted with many, of .the Japanese
ofllcials and know- their sentiments. V
"To exclude the! Japanese; alone would
undoubtedly cause trouble.".
MUSIC AS A CURE
FOR GRAFT EVIL
Educator Tells of Its Regen
eratiug Effect Upon
Children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 28.— Professor Wil
liam U: Tomlins of z Chicago " ! says that
music will < cure * graft.' In an address \u25a0to
the Wisconsin Teachers' Association "J" J to
day Prof essor Tomlins ; said \\ \u25a0\u25a0. ' -
: ','Give the boys and girls of this coun
try the inner ; conception *of v the higher
life, .as it cani* be -given unconsciously
through; music, • properly, taught, and' you
will have. the solution. of the graft prob
lem^and all .other material evils.,
"So thoroughly, have I been , convinced
of this. fact, that; for the last nine- years
I. have "given, my entire attention" to this
.work. When; I "firat began .work with'
children, I: saw what could, be done ', with
them; but I did not realize the philosophy
of .it; until several ilyears later.-/ My ex
perience has. taught the regenerating
effect of music". . , \u0084
\u25a0 Prof essor; Tomlins then related \ his ex
perience, in "New York some V years, ago
with \u25a0 classes "com Dosed" com Dosed not >6nly f of "the
lower, elements, •; but . of some of the most
vicious , boys ' of the Bowery district. V; Bru
tality was their fun/! he said, because they,
knew no": better, f- But i with h their j musical)
training came " a . new; spirit, .» until -when
one I saw", another .boy clinch . his " fist [to
strike ' his' ; mate he ' caught the \ hand and
'uncllnched; the fingers with the remark.''
-"Aw, fergitlt.T'"". I"."* ;;"' : •
PRINCESS ENA OF DATTENBERG
; TO JOIX THE \u25a0CATHOLIC CHURCH
."Will ; Be Baptised -.in St. Peter's •by the
\u25a0 ; \u25a0 Highest English Prelate In
f : HOME, Dec. 2 9— Th e Ital ia say s that
Princess > ? ; Ena • of ;\u25a0 Battenberg:. '.whorls
soon to; be married Uo'Klng,'Alfonso -of
Spain, : will Vcome C to ' Rome r - in .January
and .will I be " ; accepted" into Uhe * Catholic
church' at 'St.-. Peter* s.ti She Twill !be i ' bap-"'
tized "by Archbishop i Stoner, the>high
est . English ; prelate i' in > Rome; ; iri : . the
presence'of Cardinal IMerryJdei Val.- the
Papal' Secretary of; State.-; ;^, ;.;•;,* . v
Troops Charge on - Strikers.
LA •ROCHELLE,/ France. = Dec. 28.—
Troops s to-day , (charged % the'i^' striking
dock ? laborers ; with " bayonets 'as sthey"
were'- attemptlngrr.toVKalh^entrance Xto
1 the ; docks Tin ; order 2, tot force i the \u25a0 labor
ers there to tceaseiwofk/'A' number of
persons 4 were. wounded. ;1 ..;
MAYOR MAKES ANNOUNCEMENT
OF SOME NEW APPOINTMENTS
NEW APPOINTMENTS
BY MAYOR SCMITZ
School Director*.
DAVID J. OLIVER JIU
THOMAS P. BOYLE (re
appolnted).
Fire Commissioners.
, S MARIO BOLLO.
J. S. PARRY, (reappointed). '
Civil Service Commissioners.
RICHARD CORNELIUS.
.GEORGE H. BAIIRS (re
ainiolntcd).
Board of Health.
DR. JAMES W. WARD (re
appointed).
Works Commissioner. ,
THOMAS EAGAX (reap
pointed).
Police Commissioner. '
ALEXAXDERO'GRADV (re
nppolntcd).
, Fire ConiiiiiimSoner.
'THOMAS Mi'UUIRE (reap
. pointed).
Cornelius Is Named
for Civil Service
David J. Oliver Jr.
to Be a School ;/
Ma,rio Bbllb :_.' Will
Become ; a Fire
Commissioner.
Mayor Schmitz. yesterday appointed the
following named to vacancies in ; various
of'lces under, tbe municipal government:
David J. Oliver Jr., to be a member of
the Board of Education, vice Alfred Ron
covieri, recently appointed Superintendent
of Schools. '-
.Mario 80110, '.t0 be Fire Commissioner,
vice ' Thomas Finn. \ who has resigned ' to
accept a | more lucrative position.
Richard Cornelius, to be Civil Service
Commissi9ner, vice Charles J. "Williams,
v/ho has resigned and is slated to suc
ceed John Finn as stationery clerk of the
Board of Supervisors.
Dr.' James "W. Ward of the Health
Board, 1 . Thomas Eagan of the ; Board of
"Works, Thomas F. Boyle of the Board of
Education, 'Alexander O'Grady of the Po
lice Commission, J, S. Parry of the Fire
Commission, ; McOulre ' of the
Election "Commission . and George H.
Bahrs of the Civil Service Commission,
terms expired, < reappointed to succeed
themselves.
:%VlUiams' experience in the stationery
business especially fits him to fill the
place he has been appointed to. ..
No ofllcial announcement iwaa made as
to, what position,; ex-Fire Commissioner
Thomas Finn will be appointed to, but it
is rumored that he will get a chief dep
utyship :ln one of the city otHces-when
the elected oßJclala assume -their new du
ties.- • . . ; .- . * . :\u25a0 '
WILL REMOVE It EAGAX.
. It is said .on "good authority, that Golden
M. Roy, a Kearny-street Jeweler, will
succeed to Police Commissioner Reagan's
place as soon as the latter official can
be-induced to resign. That Reagan is.in
bad odor -.with -the 1 Schmitz-Ruef adminis
tration was evinced when the Mayor, on
being apprised recently that "Reagan had
declared .that he; would refuse- to resign,
said with some spirits . ' .
;-;"ril get his resignation if I want It." •
: It is said i that if Reagan does not soon
file | his resignation | the , Mayor = will' sum
marily . remove » him", from' office under a
recent decision of ; the , Supreme Court im
powerlng ; Mayors .of cities which have
municipal \u25a0' charters ;to remove any [ap-;
pointed official 'without .assigning \u25a0 cause
for' the^ removal. ; The -fact that Golden
M: »Roy- will , be, 'a - Police s Commissioner
was'announced by Tho ! Call three weeks
ajro. '•\u25a0 : ': .\. .-\u25a0•\u25a0:: '-\u25a0\u0084-'\u25a0
1 . When Alfred Roncovieri assumes his
dutiAf asr Superintendent of r Schools' on
January & \ n«xt.' he^will take "with him
Fmmet . Barrett, " '. at . present ; secretary ? of
the ; Board ; of ; Education, tto be - his ' chief
deputy \u25a0 and secretary. Barrett has ; ably
filled ; the ; duties -of ; the board's " secretary,
for; several \u25a0. years, and ; his promotion will
be - a , recognition \u25a0• of •- his ; efficiency. *= Bar
rett ' will; succeed to \ the vacancy, created
by/ Deputy,' Daniel i Deasy's transfer ; to the
position*of.borid and; warrant' clerk under
District : Attorney-elect Langdon,
ELECTION^ BOARD PRESIDENCY; %
J. B. Sykes,".who was yesterday "appoint
ed:vice • principal of the .Commercial High
School,' Is talked of^ as candidate for. sec
retary ,t to the v Mayor, . to succeed : George
jkeane, who ' will , be appointed clerk of , the
new Board -of ." i STapervlsors, but". SykesJ
selection as.^ vice .principal may preclude
tho; other/ appointment. . . " •
\u25a0? Election - {Commissioner Thomas Mc-
Gulre.l as told ' In^The' Call of < November
9,1 will, bel elected ; president ; of ithe board.
Election. Commissioner Devoto.;' has ; not
as y et Jdecided ' whether he will ; accept \u25a0 the
; attorneyship: v of''onefof* the"t city -offices,
and -may^ decided to remain [ where he is.*^:
:. •? David " J.* Oliver, \ the new, member ,'of the
Board of 'Kducatlon,' is a prominent -mem-'
berjof^th^AVoodmen of '\u25a0_ the World, and
has*: been rasso^iated ;",wlth^ the Illlnqls-Pa^"
ciflclGlassvWorks.- '--,'-•
.-; Mario" 'Bolld,; the- new Fire
: Continued ' on ' Page ; 2, Column f7.
THJB THEATERS.
\ - . - -
ALCAZAR — "Tbe " Frlnc* and th*
Pauper." ,l3s|sMEßSstit33
• ALHAMBRA— "A Tight for Lev*."
CALIFORNIA — "Broadway Gal«y
Girls." -
COLUMBIA— "Th« American Lord.- \u25a0
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
GRAND — "Monna Vanna.**
ORPHEUM— VtudeYlll*.
TIVOLI — "Orpheus in Had«s."
MA JESTIC— "If I W«re King."
NEW CENTRAIr— "Tt» Ey» WltaaM."
TAVO JIEN .WHO" HAVE BEEN APPOINTED TO MUCH SOUGHT POSITIONS BT
"> MAYOR SCHMITZ AND THE PRESIDFNT OF THE BOARD OF HE.\LTU,
WHO HAS BEEN • REAPPOINTED TO THAT BODY.
ROCKEFELLER
WILL PENSION
NATION'S AGED
Surplus Millions to Be
Used in^a; Vast
Scheme.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON,' Dec.* 28.— John D. Rockefeller
is planning and^has under consideration'
the details of a scheme for an endowment
for old age "pensions with his . surplus
millions. 1 .'.The -plans .have not ; yet taken
definite shape, but it is understood that
they have made considerable progress.
Never before has there been such a'
probability , that old .age pensions would
be tried In this country and with a back-
Ing, that will ; insure their success." '
'Rockefeller is 'one of ' the few persons
who could attempt to carry out 'such
a 'stupendous idea, because he has the
•immense volume of funds . reaulred for
a plan of comprehensive^ proportions.
In t Germany the Government has intro
duced - compulsory _ old age : insurance i
which has the ' old age pension idea about \
it,^because : the : - Government -.contributes
toward the fund, and in New Zealand the
plan': is v receiving consideration.- Aside
fronTthese two cases the scheme has not
advanced ' far.'
TAR AND FEATHEES
FOR WIFE BEATER
Brutal Husband Punished by
Citizens of an Illinois
yillage.
Special . Dispatch , to The £*11.
STERLING, 111., Dec. 23."— After be
stowing-a coat of., tar and feathers upon
a wife beater," a. posse of citizens of Lime
stone, Stark County, hustled him aboard
a freight, train and ordered him", never
to. return.' • '- -
•,; The 'i victim was William Meyers, .who,
after beating his "wife two 'weeks ; ago,
deserted her; and; their,; three children.
She supported the family by . taking In
washing. -\u25a0 ' The\ husband returned and
again -beat her until her cries brought
assistance.
V; A* "posse was; immediately formed.
\u25a0Warm ". pitch i.was I poured " over . Meyers"
•head," ' and '. on J this the* 'contents ' ; of - a
feather pillow wer© emptied.
PRICK FIVE CENTS.
STORK'S VISITS
MAKE A FATHER
$12,000 RICHER
Gift Accompanies Each
of His One Dozen
Youngsters.
Special Dlisatch. to The Call.
EIJDORA, lowa." Dec. 13.— With rr«ry
visit of the stork to hia home in Butler
County, George Cramer,, a farmer, gate
a check for SIOCO from hia father in Ger
many — and the stcrk has paid twelve vis-
Its.' /Although he has not Jbeen more
than ordinarily successful at raising crops
Cramer has cleared. sl2,ooo raising babies.
\u25a0 Crarcer came to lowa. froxa Germany
without a cent. Ho had rich relatives
hack in the old country, but a« preferred
to ; make his own way as a .tiller of tho
soiL "When the first little one came to
the Cramer home the old father in Ger
many was so well pleased that he for
warded his check for \u25a0 $1000, and declared
that re would duplicate it with each visit
of , the stork.
By thrift and economy Cramer haa In
vested . the stork money until to-day he
is the possessor of a comfortable bank
account, and nowhere In tbe State Is
there a, ha ppter family than that of th*
German who would delight Presidsa*
Roosevelt's heart.
FREEDOM FOR ASSASSIN
WHO FIRED UPOX EDWARD
Would-Be Slayer of Present Kins. •<
England Is ' Enrolled In Ambu. •
lance Cots*.
GHENT. Belgium. D«c. 23.— Jeaa
Baptiste Sipido. who In 1900 fired at
the -Prince of "Wales . (now. King. Ed
ward) as his train was pulling-. oat. o*
the Northern station af Brussels on
the way to • Copenhagen, haa been re
leased from the reformatory, to, which
he was sentenced, and enrolled in th*
army ambulance corps.
Death of a Noted Art Critic.
NEW YORK. Dec. \u25a0 23.-^— William. H.
Payne, one of the oldest 'grain dealers
In thfa city, and an art critic of na
tional repbtatlon, died of heart disease
here to-day. Payne was a charter
member . of the Union Leasrue Club, of
whose art - committee -he wai chair
man. : HJs collection of ' America n, pic
tures Is one of the' 1 best In th« country.2
BRIBERY CHARGE
DENIED BY PAYN
Former Xew York Superin
tendent of Insurance Says
He Has Been Slandered
:\OT FEED BY MUTUAL
Denounces Rumor That He
Got $10,000 for Letting
Company Give Own Report
NEW YORK, Dec. rs.— Louis F. Payn
and. J. Ryder Cady, who" was employed
&'•. times as counsel by Payn while the
iatter was State Superintendent of In
surance, were witnesses to-day before
the insurance investigating committee
\u25a0and suppHed- practically all of- the In-
terosting- testimony. __
l'ayn, in reply to one of "the first
questions <isk<?d him, eropliaUcally de
nied the report that he had received
540,000 from the Mutual Reserve Life
Insurance Company and had allowed
ih#t company to write its own report
of an investigation which' Payn had
caused to be made ia JfcSJ*. : Payn char-,
aoterized the report as. absolutely false
In every particular and said it grew out
of a light between James - I>. Wells,
former vice president of the Mutual
- Jteserve, and President Burnham of the
pasne company.
" Judge Cady was brought into the
investigation by reason of his having
appeared before Payn in the Interests
of Prussian insurance, companies seek
ing admif-slon to the United States. This
application was denied by P-ayn, but
two years later it was granted.-- Pres
ident McCurdy of the Mutual Life to
surance Company had asked that this
permission be" held up until he could
pee Payn. This request was refused,
liut Payn had Judge Cady call upon He-
Curdy.
Hughes asked if McCurdy had said
the Mutual Life would pay any money
for \u25a0 a contrary decision. Judge Cady
said he did not, but that McCurdy had
offered him a retainer in behalf of the
Mutual Life, which he' refused.
Robert H. Hunter, the deputy super-
Snttjidenl in charge of the New York
office of the insurance department, vvoh
next testified, said he made an in
quiry into the charges against the offi
cers of the Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany in 1&99. He was unable to say
why they were not reported upon.
Hughes read a letter from the Equit
oble Life Assurance Society to Dr. H.
Tt. Powell of Poughkeepsie. N. V., dis
missing him from its service as a med
ical examiner because he "was at war
with the insurance department."
Hunter said that he had secured the
appointment of Dr. Powell with the
Kquitable Society. Hughes brought out
that when Powell was dismissed the
relations between Hunter and him were
strained because of factional political
O%btM in Poughkeepsie in 1903, when
l>r. Powell was desirous of being elec
ted Mayor. Poughkeepsie Is also Hun
ter's home. Hunter said "I went to
the Equitable Life in my personal ca
pacity and asked them if they wanted
a man like Powell to work for them
and he was dismissed."
Asked how the Equitable Life differ
entiated his personal from his official
capacity. Hunter paid he did not know.
McCurdr Out of Trust Company.
NEW YORK. Dee. 2S. — It was learned
. to-day that Richard A. McCurdy, for
m»*r 4 president of the Mutual Life^ Insur
ance Company, and his son-in-law, L.
A. Thebaud, who also was connected
with the Mutual Life, resigned some
weeks ago from the directorate of the
United States Mortgage and Trust
Company. Their resignations have
been accepted.
COAL BIEN OF CLEVELAND
EXTER PLEA OF GUILTY
Admit Violation of Anti-Trust Law and
Are Fined Five Hundred Dollars
Each.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 28.— The
officers of the Cleveland Retail. Coal
Dealers' Association, indicted 0n ... the
charge of violating the Valentine anti
trust law, pleaded guilty in Common
JMeas Court to-day and were sen
tenced to pay fines of $500 each. Prose
cutor Ross then announced that the
Indictments against the other coal
dealers would be nolled.
.J«>y Morton May Recover.
NEBRASKA CITY. Neb., Dec. 2S.
Physicianß in attendance on Joy Mor-.
ton paid to-night that there had been
Improvement in their patient's condi
tion during the day. They regarded
the worst as over, but the crisis would
not be passed until to-morrow. The
skull, the doctors say, has not been
f:.u:Uirt»i and no operation will be
necessary, the blood clots being ab
sorbed by natural processes.
% x c l usi» e
Slujh'Srate CtotUters
Xo Branch Storrs and ?Co Agents.
IP CLOTHES ARE RIGHT,
NO OCCASION FOR SALES;
THERE'S NO SITCH THING
AS CLOTHES BARGAINS.
HONEST MADE CLOTHES
WITH CORRECT STYLE
NEVER NEED BE LED
T& BE SLAUGHTERED.
We ion't claim to be Bar-
(?E!n Clothiers. TVe do dainj-
to be "Correct Clothier?/"- •
Every Garment iiere" Mu^ •
posaees merit. We 1 M
ethers sell Bargain Clothes.
B>a r n 13 £ t v e g t
Srhurtauj Block
WORLD NEEDS
SANE LEADERS
Dr. Eniil Hirsch of Chicago
Asserts That Society Is
Drifting Without Compass
PERIOD OF TRANSITION
Kabbi Declares That Mpdern
Philosophy. Teaches Vice
Under Cloak of Realism
.CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— That much lit
erature of the day is not worthy of at
j tcntion, that modern philosophy is the
creed of brutality, and that the new
School of. "naturalism" is undermining
the. moral foundations of society, were
ieome.of the^ conclusions of Dr. Emil G.
Hirsch in an address, before the Hull
House Woman's Club yesterday. Dr.
Hirsch said:- . :>\u25a0;.. , ;
Man Is much the same as he iraa a thousand
years ago. The sam« elemental passions, am
. bUions. and appetites obtain. They are the
1 «san>« as those; of -the animals. Science nae
i brought us to' realize this, and our peep into
tbo workshop of nature hae had a tendency to
Liutalize humanity;
- Our .knowledge- that man 1« only one of the
<Jompany of brutes- has l*d sn.all men to teach
that man In -all things Is merely a brute. ,ln
their" desire to .tmlfy the world they have
jumped a.t the conclusion that man Is no dif
ferent from th« other creatures that tenant
the earth. In thefr 1 passion to show him as a
beaet. philosophers and authors have reveled
In v(ce and depravity, 1 calling- it reallem.
Society Is drifting, without a compass. It is
a period of transition; the old canons are gone
and the new ones' have not yet been found. ;
Tlw latest announcement of modern philosophy
Is that you may <Jo.- what' you want to, but
don't get caught at X.V If you do. commit sui
cide.' In this . philosophy of brutality you have
Ml explanation for -the fact that literature al
xi-aya paints ~life -as a struggle between the
forces of desire and duty;
Never before In the history of the world was
there so great a need for masters — men who
will Interpret life in terms of eanlty and sanc
tity, of duty and righteousness. . \u0084;
UNION OF CHURCHES
IS FULLY ASSURED
Northern and Cumberland
Pres by terian Branches
Will Unite.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 28.— "There Is no dan
ger whatever that a union between the
Northern Presbyterian and. Cumberland
Presbyterian churches will not be ef
fected," said Rev. Dr. W. H. Roberts of
Philadelphia, chairman of the Northern
Presbyterian committee, to-day at the
close of the day's proceedings at . the
Southern Hotel. "We are simply waiting
for all the details to be submitted by the
sub-committees of the two branches. The
rtports will be submitted to-morrow."
- Rev. \V. H. Black of Marshall, Mo.,
chairman of the Cumberland Presbyter
ian general committee, expressed the
same sentiment.
"There is not the slightest doubt that
the union of the two churches will be ac
complished. Everything' will be done to
morrow," said he.
The members of the two general com
mittees eimply waited in the parlors of
the hotel to-day while the two sub-com
mittees vere hard at work all day prepar
ing preliminary " details for the formal
union of the two churches. At 6 o'clock
all the delegates representing both
churches met around one dinner. table in
the hotel, and after '\u25a0 dinner • went to the
Second Presbyterian • Church, where a
general reception was held. .
GOVERNMENT WILL SOT "V '
PROSECUTE JOHN R. WALSH
Chicago Financier Did Not Take One.
Dollar Dishonestly, Snyu Secre- ...
tary Shan.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28. — Secretary of the
Treasury Shaw arrived in the city from
Washington to-day and in an interview
practically declared that there would
be no criminal proceedings growing out
of the closing of the Chicago National
Bank and the Home Savings Bank of
this city. He said:
"John R. Walsh did not take one
dollar dishonestly. He did no more
than many others bankers in the United
States are doing all the time.
"The rumor of criminal prosecution,"
the Secretary added, "is nothing but
talk.. There has been no embezzlement
or theft. For every dollar taken out
gilt-edged security was placed within.
The depositors •will get; every dollar,
they deposited and when that has been
accomplished the' responsibility of the
Government ceases. That, part- of the
banking law prohibiting the loaning of
more than 10 per cent of the capitaliza
tion, to one man may -have been vio
lated. That is not a criminal violation,'
and all that can be done is to liquidate
the 'bank and pay on* the depositors.
The violation of that. law by one bank
is no more than has been done. by al
most every bank in the country."
REFUSES TO RESIGN UPON
REQUEST OF GOVERNOR
Secretary of State Mnrms of Indiana
Say* He Has Not Violated .
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. . 28.— Daniel E.
Storms, Secretary of State, has not re
signed and it is not known whether
he will comply with the demand . of
Governor Hanly. To-day he again re
fused to discuss the subject. It is un
derstood that a committee that has
been examining the records of bis of
flco has reported that Storms did not
turn Into the State Treasury a fee : of
$25,000 paid by the Vandalia Railroad
Company, until several months after, it
was due, and other irregularities dis
covered.
It was reported this afternoon that
Storms had retained counsel and
would contest the demand of the Gov
ernor for his resignation on the ground
that he had not violated the law.
OXLY FIFTEEN MINUTES
OP NOISE FOR CHICAGO
»ti Year's Eve Celebration to Be Quiet
One by Order of Police
Chief.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— Whistle blow
ing, horn tooting and.revolver shooting
as a celebration of the arrival of . the
new year will be limited to * fifteen
mintites Sunday night by Chief of Po
lice Collins. The order was Issued
yesterday to air police stations in the
city. It prohibits the making of any.
kind of noise in the vicinity of hospi
tals. The Chief has directed that every
person violating his order shall be ar
rested and placed in a cell for the-re
mainder, of the night.
OHIO OFFICIALS SHOT. 1 .*\u25a0."•
BY GANG' OP DESPERADOES
3larnhalFatallr Injured and Deputy
. SIl B htly Hart Wblle Trying -to
Blake' Arrest*.
PERRYSBURG. Ohio. Dec. 28.—
Caught In the Perrysburgr Interurban
station early to-day, flve young men,
believed to be'members.ofia gang that
raided the Central avenue car barns at
Toledo on Sunday,* shot and probably
fatally wounded. Marshal Frank Thorn
ton. Deputy Marshal William Scott
was shot in the foot,\ receiving a pain
ful but not a dangerous • wound- Thq
desperadoes scattered and escaped.
THE SAN FRANCISCO \ CALL- FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29,. 1905,
CRIPPLE MEETS
VIOLENT DEATH
Body of air Unidentified Man
With Throat Cut From Ear
to Ear Is Found in Nevada
3IURDEBERS AT LARGE
Corpse Is Placed on a Pile of
Railroad Ties and an At
tempt" Made to Cremate It
Special Diepatch to. The Call.
RENO, -New Dec. 28.— A horrible,mur
der was committed at Montello, Elko
Countj', last night, when an unknown
man, apparently a tramp, beating his way
acrosj; the State, was killed. His throat
was cut from "ear to ear." The murderers
then placed his lifeless body upon a pile
of railroad ties and attempted to cremate
it. The body was badly burned,, but not
sufficiently to render identification im
possible.
Near the body of the dead man", who
was a cripple, were found two knives and
a pair of crutches. Officers from Elko
left immediately for the scene of the mur
der and it is believed they are on the
trail of the murderers. >: :
KRIS KRINGLE
MEETS MISHAP
Sacramento Eiyer Rancher
Is Victim of a Painfiil Ac
cident on Christinas Eve
WOODLAND, Dec. 28.— Word was re
ceived to-day that. on Christmas eve Mor
gan Miller, a rancher living twenty-flve
miles northeast of this city on the Sac
ramento River, was severely" burned
while playing Santa ClausJ
Miller wore all the regalia of the
Christmas patron, being bountifully sup
plied with cotton trimmings, which
caught in the blaze from a candle on the
tree. Most of Miller's hair was singed
off, both sides of-his face »were' painfully
burned and his right hand and arm to the
elbow were literally cooked .'before the
guests could extinguish the flames. His
eyes were- saved by : glasses which he>
chanced to be wearing.
Home appliances were used ,tp relieve
Miller until to-day, when a hurry call was
sent to Dr. H. ,M. Kier of this city,' stat
ing that Miller was in a critical'condi
tion. Peter Callender, a well-known San
Francisco chauffeur, driving a car belong
ing to H. W. Laugenoiir of San Fran
cisco, took the physician over twenty
five miles of muddy adobe roads to tha
Miller residence in little more than an
hoyr. The physician says Miller will re
rover.
STOCKTON BARpR
ACCUSED OF FORGERY
Charge Made ThafvHe Signed
. Name of a Pensioner ;
: to a Check.
NAPA,- Dec. 28.— A. Perkins, a barber,
who has conducted a shop here for sev
eral months, was 'arrested to-day upon in
structions from Sheriff Sibley.of Stock
ton. Perkins is charged with forgery in
Stockton. During September Perkins was
employed in a barber shop in Stockton
and it if. alleged he opened the mail of
John White, an acaualntance, and took
therefrom a check from the Government
Pension Office at Washington. White was
absent from Stockton, at the time. The
check was for $26. Perkins, it is said,
Flgned the name of John White to the
checked and cashed it at the Stockton
Saving 3 Bank. , • >*?:££\u25a0'?; '
CHARGE AGAINST COM3IISSION
AGENT BAMDER IS DISMISSED
Evidence Shovra That Soquel Orchnrd
. Ist Who Caused HI« Arrest Acted ?>
Too Hastily. ..
SANTA' CRUZ. Dec. 28.— Walter E.
Bamber, a- San- Francisco commission
agent who} was arrested last week on
a charge of obtaining \u25a0 money, by false
pretenses, 'was acquitted , by . Judge
Bias to-day. Bamber gave a Soquel
orchardist a check for $324 in pay
ment for his apple crop, telling him
not to present the check for several
days, as there was no money in the
bank at the time. The orchardist: be
came anxious for his money and pre
sented the check.. There was only
$174 to cover it in the bank. ' He then
made complaint against Bamber.
Judge Bias dismissed the charge on
the ground that, there was no evidence
of any false pretense shown by the
testimony of the witness.
The Original Little Beneficencia Pnbllcn
. Company of ,Snn Franclaco.
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1893.
SPECIAL TO. THE -PUBLIC.
Owing to thei fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from tlnie^tOitlme, we
would respectfully 'call tb« attention^; of pur
chasers of. ticket! to. buy only from responsible
agent* and to see that their tickets read as fol-
Iowa: \u25a0 ;:-*\u25a0\u25a0 -\u0084 -\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 . .-.-..,: ..\u25a0-.
THE ORIGINAL. . LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PUBLJCA COMPANY OF SAN FRANCISCO
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1893.
Each coupon has the, lnitials M. & F. on the
face and back of the ticket.- \u25a0:-'\u25a0• • -. •
The following are Mie capital*, December 28
1905: No. 10532.. $10,000, sold in San Fran
v Cisco and Oakland. CaJ.;- No. 3548. $1000, sold
in San Francisco,': Cal: ; N0.. 470, $500, sold in
San . FVanclseo and - Oakland, ' Oal. ; - No. 71T8
$200, «old in BanVEraneisco and Oakland, Cal'
The following -,were paid by -the M» &-F*
Company for November. 30, 1905: Collected by
Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank, San Fran
cisco, Cal., for client: in -Los - Angeles Cal
$2500; Ernst Herger, with -Ashton& Gardner
real estate. 411 .'Montgomery street, residing
820 Fifth street. San Francisco, Cal., $1250*
J. H. Kelly, plumber, residing at 366 Fifth
avenue, San Francisco.- Cal., .$1250; Samuel
Rooney, fireman, McAllister-street power-house
residing at 1918 Market street, 7 San Francisco'
Cal., J1250; collected -. by J. Ury, San Leandro
Cal., for John Ward,- molder* with Best Agri
cultural Works, San \u25a0Leandro,- CaL, $1250- Mrs
A. Royer. San •' Leandro. -: ; Cal., \u25a0 $1250;'- -ol
! lected by the Bank of California for client San :
Francisco. Cal., $1250. - •
The . Beneficencia It. G. Company
OS* SAN FRANCISCO. \ ORGANIZED MAT
TO THE PUBLIC!!; BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS !'. All genuine tickets of this com
pany have initials "R.G. CO.", on; faces and
monogram "R. >G. C"; on backs- thereof. •
• Following ? are '\u25a0 the \u25a0• capitals ; Thursday : s No
10832. $10,UOO, sold . in ' Stewarts Point. Marysl
vllle, - Sacramento, "?• Oakland, - San ) ".Francisco:
No. 8548, fIOOO, sold in Tuolumn«, : Santa 1 JUisa!
Los Angeles, Oakland, San , Francisco; No.' 470
\u2666500, eold' ln Ban Francisco; No.; 7178, \u25a0 J2iK>'
\u25a0old in Valltjo. Petaluma, Stockton,-. I*>s An
geles, Oakland, San' Francisco.
The R. G. Company paid to Max i Harris for
client. 107 * South Spring street, Los Antjelpe
CaL.'i. $3003 for on c- half \u25a0 ticket i So. "? 523t> i for
November 30. 1903. ;To Ck»orge H.r Palmer: tor
client, 250 East 6treet, San Francisco," Cal *
11000 for whole ticket No. 1001 for. November
30. 1906.- ,\u25a0\u25a0-. .-•-\u25a0;->v-'r.--A--s-. '#..::•-*,•.: ,' : \u25a0.-\u25a0'_.-•\u25a0>
PARIS, ' Dec. 2R.— The : mistake of a switch^
rcan to-day^ resulted I . in \u25a0 a , Btreet-chr accident
on the Avenue de . la \u25a0 '. Republics tla - ywhich
twenty-tiro persons were Injured. J
THREATS USED
BY TOWN TOPICS
Janies A. Burden Jr. Tells
How He Was Asked to Buy
Copy of "Fads and-Fancies"
HE REFUSES TO COMPLY
Says Agent of Colonel Mann
Trie}l to Force Him to
Give His Subscription
, - — w
Special f Dispatch; to The Call.
NEV\ r YORK, Dec. 28.— Mark Twain
and several other " distinguished per
sons to-day listened to the testimony;,
in the libel suit' of Colonel Mann
against the" Colliers of Colliers' Week
ly. Edward M. Post, a broker, told how,
Charles Ahle, representing Town' Top-i
ics, had tried to . extort money from]
him. James A/ Burden Jr., a man of
great wealth, toldhow Robert A. Irving:
visited his residence.
"I received a telephone message that
a representative from Colonel Mann of
Town Topics wished to call on me," he
began, "and when, Irving was an
nounced I receive<Thim in my 'den.' He
stated at once that he was sent by
Colonel- Mann and solicited ray. sub
scription to a publication called 'Fads
and Fancies.' The price wat to 'be
$1500, and he suggested that I be one
of the number to subscribe. I said
•No.'
"He said, 'It is a good thing,' and I re
plied that I did'not wish to toe in it under
any circumstances. Then he said that
Town. Topics had treated my family very
well' in the past, and suggested that - 1
subscribe for the book witnout my name
being- in it. : I said 'No.' I saw no reason
to give $ir>oo for the book. He then said
he had spent considerable time, and asked
if I wpuld give him/Tiis commission on
the book/some $300 or $400, I believe. 'You
know Christmas is. coming,' he said.
"He then said, 'Town Topics has
.treated your family well in the past.
You - know that the editor of Town
Topics wjelds a. trenchant pen, and If
I go back to Colonel Mann without a
subscription he will be displeased.' He
then said he might not treat me and my
family as well in the future. I looked
at tWsas a threat and brought the in
terview to a close at onoe."
Burden was then cross-examined by
Mr. Scheurman of counsel for the
prosecution.,
"Now, didn't he say that 'Christmas
was coming 1 in a spirit of banter and
good nature?" inquired Scheurman. .
"No, he did not. I thought that he
wanted the money. He became urgent
and assumed a bulldozing attitude."
MUSIC AND TRIUMPHAL
ARCHES FOR BRYAN
Filipinos Give Gala Greeting
to the American
Orator.
MANILA^ Dec. 28. — The provinces, of
Bulocan, Nueva Ecija and . Rizal< re
ceived William J. Bryan enthusiasti
cally Wednesday with triumphal arches,
music and parades- during a ten-hour
excurslomby railroad. , At noon: Bryan
was, entertained at a -banquet at Malo
los. The Mayor-elect delivered a speech
with independence for. its- text, but
Bryan was conservative in his response.
He' counseled- obedience to the Govern
ment, arid gave a sketch of the political
principles of the Democratic and' Re
publican parties.
Bryan is impressed with- the good ap
pearance of the crops arid with the.gen
eral'prosperity.He devotes much of- his
time to questioning leadng natives. tHe
will sail for the Visayas group on Mon
day. • • . v ivlW.y*
LOS ANGELES LIMITED.
Enstrrn • Xevrapaper Men Delighted
With the Service of the New Llue.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 28, 1905.— 5. F.
Booth, General Agent,' U. P. R. R., l
Montgomery Street, San Francisco:
Eastern newspaper men made their re
appearance In Chicago to-day with \u25a0- a
sprightly air, -after having .made their
trip across the continent' and back
again; are loud-. in their praise of un
bounded hospitality of •• Southern Caii
fornians, Chicago ; and Northwestern,
Union Pacific and Salt Lake Route and
especially of the Los Angeles Limited.
On return trip this train made several
fast runs on each road, at times: run
ning a mile a minute with ease. The
trip demonstrates that the 'present
schedule is easy and that the time, if
necessary, can be shortened many
hours. \u0084 E.L. LOMAX.
HANDCUFFED OUTLAW- LEAPS '
FROM TRAIN INTO. RIVER
Strikes A gnlnnt Bridge In . Fnlllnc and
Receives " Fatal InJu
\u25a0 . / rles. : - / , ;":
WACO, Tex., Dec. 28.^ — With his
hands held together by handcuffs and
with an overcoat on, George' • Payne,
charged with horse-stealing and on, his
way to jail in Falls County, last night
jumped from a train into the Brazos
River, falling forty, feet. He struck the
bridge in. falling and was fatally
hurt., -
Mill Await Return of Heney.
PORTLAND, Dec. 28.'— -Unless there !\u25a0
some change in Francis \u25a0>\u25a0 J. Heney's
plans. there wlii be no land fraud prose
cutions in Portland until some time in
February. Judge W. 8.: Gilbert, sitting:
on the United ; States Circuit Courjt
bench i. yesterday, \u25a0 receivecl word '\u25a0:, from
Hehey that he would not return to the
city ' until February. This may mean
that a Federal Grand Jury will not be
called. until that time. • "':',
Death of Former Judge Weed.
t SAN DIEGO, Dec 28— Frederick A.
"Weed,. a well-known and esteemed citi
zen jof San Diego,"; died | this morning at
his residence/corner: of Fir and Second
streets, in thi3 s city.;* Weed was born at
Hinesburg, Vt.,y October 28, > 1822. and
wasla lawyer by profession.". Formany
years .ha was , a Judge- of ' the J Supreme
Court of .Vermont.
lie leaves a wife) three daughters and
threeeons. ' " , "
Mr. Roosevelt Hunts Rabbits.
; CIIARLOTTESyiLLE,. Va., Dec. 28.-—
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. and v Surgeon
Ge'neral'Rixey Joined; the. Presidential
partyitjtfs afternoon at: Pine Knob, Mrs.
Roosex'elt's country,; place; in Albemarle
CoAanty.., They, brought. with them three
beagle hounds ; and two setters, v Presi
dent Roosevelt and his younger : sons
3pent this mornlngjrabbitlhunting "
Pnlilu m.",..' *!„ mt-Ll ~ +
\u25a0-j < , -..<.-.- .lure > a unint ,-*
Laxative ; Promo; Quinine, world wide Cold and
Grip remedy. .rpmovea cause. : Call for full name
and look .for signature ofE.W. Grove. - 25c. \u25a0" •
. AUGUSTA- PRESCOTT,
v.Tliel' %Vorlil-Ftiiii«»i« : AnthorltV
*T on .VnMhioits. '-\u25a0 Sprakn i. of : Alice
,' ' Rofwerelt. «n«l Mm. .lolin .Incob
"A stor . Selling V the : Style* - fo*
. looe '.-\u25a0\u25a0.',•• ". •; . \u25a0\u25a0•:,• '.4g^^;J
.;;;.;; JN:_ NEXT ; StXDAY'S CALL.
MORALES PLANS
A NEW CAPITAL
Reported That He Will Set
Up Another Government at
the City of Monte Christi
TROUBLE RE^DS ISLAND
BJack Republic Will Have
Two Rulers; Each Claiming
to Be tiie Rightful One;
CAPE HATTIEN, Hay ti, Dec 28.— The
greater part of * Northern Santo v Domingo
is said to be In" favor of General Morales,
the fugitive President, of that republic.
It is understood* that ' Morales left "the
capital in order _to Join his partisans in
the ; north. General Rodriguez, the Gov
ernor of Monte' Christi, with his followers'
has gone to meet Morales. \u25a0
Rodriguez's forces are said to be nu
merous. It Is; claimed here that the re
port that Morales , intends to establish a
new capital at Monte Christi is correct
and that he will use that place as a base
from which he will endeavor to suppress
the uprising of the Caceres party at the
old capital of Santo Domingo. , A censor
ship of all messages has been established
at Monte Christi. Important news from
Santo Domingo is expected' momentarily.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The State De
partment has had another brief dispatch
from Santo Domingo under yesterday's
date, confirming the preceding report to
the effect that President Morales was
said to be about fifteen miles west of San
Domingo City, fighting the troops of the
Cabinet. —.'\u25a0- : ' -,\ ~'~:
Mr. Joubert, the Dominican Minister
here, called upon Secretary Root at the
State Department to-day to talk over Do
minican affairs. He had a. short cable
message from Senor Tejera, the Minister,
for Foreign Affairs, announcing that Gen
eral Caceres, the-Vice President, who was
at Puerto Plata': when Morales fled /rom.
the capital, was expected to arrive at San
Domingo City -to-morrow, and would' be
immediately Mnducted' into the . Presiden
tial office:; ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-•': •'\u25a0"\u25a0'"• \u25a0•-.
Joubert; had- nothing to -indicate that
President Morales had been wounded, nor
did he think the fighting. reported to have
taken- place ; near Jaima Tuesday was se
rious. ;'.\u25a0 He ' doubted very much -whether
Morales intended to start another revolu
tion. It was probable, he thought, that
Morales would | wait for a time to see
what effect [ the upheaval in Santo Do
mingo'would have upon. the relations be
tween that country and the United
States. In the Minister's opinion, { the
modus : Vivendi, under/ which . Dominican
customs revenues are now being collected
by Americans appointed by the Domini
can President for that purpose, would not
be affected by Morales' retirement, for
the dominant party in the Cabinet still
stands strongly committed to the existing
arrangement. \ ~
DECISION INVOLVES
Ai MILLION DOLLAES
Court Sustains Appeal in the
v^ase of the Sully
Company.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— Judge Holt In
the United/States District Court td-day
handed? down an opinion, overruling the
findings of the. referee.; In bankruptcy In
the case of Sully & Co., cotton brokers,
and sustaining' the appeal taken by the
trustee in bankruptcy.
The court decided that Hawley & Ray,
\u25a0formerly < associated with Sully & Co.,
haveno right to -examine the books of
Sully & Co., or to re-examine the claims
of the Cotton Exchange creditors, with a
view to proving them illegal.
The effect of the decision will be. to
force Hawley & Ray to defend the suits
brought against them In the Supreme
Court to revover $1,000,000 by the trustee
in bankruptcy for Sully.
It was contended by Hawley & Ray
that the claims of the Cotton Exchange
creditors were illegal, really rendering
Sully solvent on the morning of the fail
ure, and that; being solvent, the release
which they claim Sully executed to them
was valid! v
GIGANTIC DRYDOCK DEWEY
. STARTS ON ITS LONG VOYAGE
Three Ve»«els In Tandem Will Tow
.'•' Great Floating Mass to *\
Philippines.
. ANNAPOLIS, Md., Dec. 28.— The gi
gantic arydock Dewey made an" auspi
cious start this afternoon on its 14,000
mile trip to the Philippines, under the
direction of Commander" H. H." Hosley,
U. S. N. - The start was made at 2 :05
o'clock and at 6 o'clock the lights on
the dock could be seen at a distance of
eight or nine miles below Solomons Isl
and, the starting point. There was no
mishap of any kind. "
Three Vessels . in tandem are towing
the Dewey. Next to the dock is the
collier Brutus, then the collier Caesar,
and in front is the tug Potomac.
Commander Hosley will have his
quarters on the Glacier/ the supply boat
which will accompany the dock.
Block Plan to Aid Strikers.
HAVANA, Dec. 28. — The appropria
tion of $10,000 passed by the House
of Representatives to -aid the striking
Cuban cigarmaker* at Key West Is not
likely to pass the Senate, as the,-
Finance Committee to-day adopted an
almost unanimous report opposing it"
It is urged that General Rivera, Sec
retary of : the Treasury, will overrule
the appropriation J of ; $1000 granted by
the Havana : Municipal Council for the
same "purpose, and that : v the Govern
ment -will not permit the granting of
the s $5000 . appropriated by the Havana
Provincial Council.'
Sonoma Pnylugj Off Indebtedness.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 28.— County
Treasurer! Glenn E. Murdock paid $75,
000 to-day on account of the bonded In
debtedness of ; Sonoma County 1 and
$566 66 aa accrued interest. This is tha
first payment on the final se ttl em eo t of
two issues of railroad aid bonds issued
in 1871' in', favor "of the San . Francisco
and Northern Pacific" Railroad, .which is
now .under -lease.' to the -.California
Northwestern Railway.
Sultan Make* 2Vew Move.
' VIENNA,:Dec.'2B.-r-The Turkish Gov
ernment has ia n&te ?to \u25a0. the
Austro-Hungarian* Government Inform
ing it -that;' the -Macedonian commit
tees in Bulgaria are preparing. for an
uprisingiln^Macedonia' in the- coming
spring. - The Porte says it thinks that
it v is its, duty to 'call; the attention. of
the:; powers to this dangerous move
ment so as to enable them to take suit
able steps ut'Sofia.
Unknowingly ' Violates - Game 'I.,nvr.
-SAN JOSE, Dec: 28.— Dr. A.; M. Bar
ker?.; presfdent * of „ the l local .. Game -Pro
,tective :; ; - Association,* -voluntarily ''went
bef ore 'City/ Justice -.Davisori; this morn
ing,;fpleaded-suilty to: having; shot Ja
swan on the Alviso, marshes and; paid
a '\u25a0'.% finer. of J25.>--. Dr. ißarker:i Barker: was not
aware'; until last \u25a0eveninsr'that ho vio
lated', the' grame" law*
STATE CONTEST
TO OPEN EARLY
Preparations Are Un
for Convention
of Clubs.
Justice M. T. Allen
May Get Supreme
Judgestiip.
. Events are shaping for an early opening
of the gubernatorial campaign of 1506.
Ferd K. Rule of Los Angeles, president
of the California League of Republican
Clubs, has begun preparations for the bi
ennial convention of the league. It would
not surprise the politicians if the con
vention should be as, large and as im
portant as the gathering of club heroes
in San Jose in May, 1902. It is expected
that the leading Republican clubs of San
Francisco, Los Angeles, Oakland, San
Jose, San Diego, Sacramento and of other
cities of the State would send large dele
gations to the biennial convention. In
due time a meeting of the executive com
mittee will be called to make arrange
ments for the first demonstration of the
campaign.
Quite a rivalry for the honor of enter
taining the State nominating convention
of 1906 is already foreshadowed. It is
clear that the leading citizens of Santa
Cruz will present, a proposition to tha
Republican State Committee which the
party representatives can hardly decline.
The proposed new'pavillon on the ocean
beach at Santa. Cruz, : designed especially
for the accommodation \u25a0of large conven
tions, will be ready for occupancy by mid
summer. Santa; Ctuz,is a delightful place
in any, t month /of the- /year and is ex
ceptionally : alluring 'In J August and Sep
tember, when the; weather inland fa hot
fend oppressive! Moreover the" hotel facil
ities of the little city ! by the "sea are
ample and excellent.
/•lt is known now that nearly 'all the
State officers and members of Congress
in California will be candidates for re
nomination to their respective positions,
but- animated contests will take place at
several places along the line. It is said
that the Republicans of the region south
of Tehachapl, by reason of their immense
strength', and the unfailing support which
they gave to the "Republican cause in the
close campaign four years ago, will de
mand increased recognition in the make
up of the ticket.
. The appointment of Justice M. T. Allen
of the Court of Appeal, Los Angeles dis
trict, to the State Supreme Court would
not create surprise. It is gossip in the
political camps that Governor Pardee will
select' some well-known lawyer of South- '
em California to fill the : vacancy "caused
by the death of Justice Walter Van Dyke.
. At the general election in November
next the voters will elect three Associate
Justices of the Supreme Court. The term
of twelve years for which Jackson- Tem
ple was elected will expire in January,
1907. Shortly after Temple's death Wil
liam G. Lorisan of San Jose was ap
pointed, on January 5, 1903, to fill tha
vacancy. Subsequently Justice Lorigan
was elected for the unexpired term. It
is common talk that he expects re
nomination and i re-election;. .;u',
In January f 1907, the term for which
Justice F. W. Henshaw was chosen will
expire. It is an open question whether
he will be a candidate for renomination.
There Is talk to the effect that he \u25a0 will
step out In favor of Judge H. A; Melvin.
Word comes from Sonoma County that
Judge A. G. Burnett will be supported
by active and influential delegations,
hence the annpuncement of Justice Hen
shaw's retirement might impart additional
strength' to Judge Burnett's candidacy.
Apart from these three places oa the
Supreme bench there will be nine Ap
pellate Justices to elect, three for each
of the three Courts of Appeal. It is quite
well understood that x the nine Justices
recently ' appointed by Governor Pardee
are candidates for an elective terra. Of
course '• if Justice Allen of Los Angeles
goes to the Supreme bench some other
lawyer will be appointed to the Appellate
Court of the southern 1 district.
EXPECT THE LOED
TO APPEAE TO THEM
Santa Rosa- Family Starts
East to Be Present at
Eevelatiori.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 28. — Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Norton and family left here to-day
for Bar Harbor. Mich., where they-ex
pect the Lord will manifest himself to
his chosen saints shortly after the first
of the year. They owned a cozy home
here worth about $2500, which was sac
rificed for $1100 that they might se
cure the, means with which to get East.
It Is the belief of these people that
there are to be 144.000 of the children
of David who are to see Christ at this
revelation and. that all who do not ac
cept this opportunity to meet the Lord
will be lost.
SALT LAKE AUTHORITIES \u25a0
ARE STILL AFTER PERKINS
Escaping Extradition From Oregon on
Charge of . Embezzlement, . lie I* .
' Kearreated on .\tw Complaint.
\u25a0 PORTLAND, Dec. 2 B.— Fred H. Per
kins, who escaped extradition to Salt
Lake several weeks ago to answer to a
charge of embezzling $15,000 of the
funds Of a mining company of Flag
staff, A. T., of which he was the mana
ger, Is again In jail. He was arrested
to-day upon" advice from C. . Frank
Emery, Sheriff of Salt Lake, who sent
word by letter that a second charge of
embezzlement of $4000 had been filed
against Perkins;'
Perkins was released on the former
charge because his father came here
from Pasadena. Cal., and paid* th«
money du^.
VESSEL LONG • OVERDUE.
Anxiety Is . Felt Regarding Safety of
Brit lull Bark King David.
..VICTORIA, B. C. , Dec. 23.— Soma
anxiety- is being, felt regarding the
safety of the British bark King David,
long overdue from Salina Cruz, which
port she left eighty-nine days ago for
Port Townsend.
;- Captain :;Olsen of the ship Brodrick
Castle, -which . left Balina Cruz, forty
one days later than the Kins David, re
ceived !a) cable - to-night from the * ves
sel's,'owners, making inquiries. Noth
ing has .been heard of the Kinp David
since she left the Mexican port.
; The steamship; Wellington, which ar
rived at Ladysmith to-day from' San
Francisco, ireported' that when off* Cape
Flattery, on Christmas day. a large sail
ing was seen, laboring heavily
in^the^trough of the" sea, flying distress
signals.;; The "Wellington. was some dis
tance from the -.vessel. Jand," as assist
ance 'was icomlng from the -south, the
name of the , vessel .was .not " learned..
; PARIS. . Dec 2S.— All the ; French Cardinal*
nr.et * here to-day to discuss -their attitude
toward the separation of church and state and
forwarded a cipher dispatch ito Rome. They
»vi mMt axaln to-morrow morning.
APPOINTMENTS
ARE ANNOUNCED
BY THE MAYOR
Makes Partial Distri
bution of His New
Year Gifts.
Continued From Pas*" 1. Colama 5.
sicner, is a master machinist with the
Fulton Iron Works. He was active in
Union Labor, politics in the Forty-flrst
Assembly District at the last election, and
his appointment Is a reward for hla «er
vices.
Richard , Cornelius, the new Civil Ser
vice Commissioner, U president of th«
Carmen's Union, and was originally slat
ed for appointment on the Election Com
mission, where the salary is less.
PARDEE TO APPOINT.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3,
have made a close study of the school
laws, and who maintain that the post of
• Superintendent of Schools is necessarily
to be filled by an appointee of the Gov
ernor, is Stephen V. Costello. Costello
fiirrls the designation of the superlntend
ency under section- B^3 of article 11 of the
State constitution, and says that Gover
nor Pardee takes his authority from sec
tion 990 ofthe Political Code of Califor
nia, as follows:
Vacancies, how Cited when not otherwia*
provided for:
When any office become* vacant and no mode
is provided by law for till ins auch vacancy, the
Governor must fill such vacancy by granting a
commission to expire at the end of the next
session. of the Legislature or ax the. next elec
tion by the people.
Section 4103 declares Superintendent of
Schools to be a county and not a city officer.
The Mayor claims Lis right tander sec
tion I nf chapter 1 of article 4, aa fol- ' i
lows: . ,
The Mayor shall apr>oint all the officers of
the city and county whose election or appoint
ment is not otherwise specially provided for
in this charter or by law. When a vacaacy
"occurs In any oftice end provision is not other
wise made In. this charter or by law for filling
tht same the Mayor «lulll appoint a sultabl*
person to fill such vacancy, who shall hold for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
ROW IX THE SEATTLE POST
OP VOLUSTEEKS OF AMERICA
Nine Soldier* Petition Colonel Duncan,
Head of the Coast Dlvlaion, to
Remove Captain Uoyes.
SEATTLE. Dec. 28. — Alleging that
Captain J. D. Boyes. officer in charg* of
the local post of * the Volunteers of
America is making the organisation
subservient to the wishes of certain
fraternal organizations, nine soldiers
of the post to-day sent a petition, to
Colonel and Mrs. Duncan, bead of tha
Volunteers , on.-- the coast with head
quarters in San Francisco, asking that
the captain be removed.
Captain Boyes says that the trouble
started from a Christmas dinner given
the poor children of the city.- the affair
being assisted by the local W. C. T. U.
causing jealousy on the part of those
who have signed the petition.
Colonel Duncan said last night that
he had received a telegram ' from Se
attle informing him that there had
been some disagreement and that a let
ter was following with full informa
tion. Until the receipt of the communi
-catlon Colonel Duncan could express n»
Opinion, since he knows absolutely
nothing of what may have happened
witnin the ranks of the Volunteer* in
Seattle.
Death Summons Two Pioneer*.
PETALUMA, Dec. 28. — Morris Shep
herd and his brother Martin, old and
eccentric pioneer residents of . Peta
luma. are dead. , The brothers were
taken to the County Hospital three
weeks ago from this city. Last week
Martin passed away and Morris died
of a broken heart. They were buried
in the County Cemetery.
Honor Coast Mountain Climber*.
BOSTON, Dec. 28. — Mouutain climb
ers from Various parts of the country
attended the annual meeting of the Al
pine Club here to-day. At the business
session John Mulr of San Francisco was
elected a vice president and Professor
Joseph Le Conte of Berkeley, Cal., a
director of the club.
KINGSTON. St. Vincent. Dec. 2S. — A Mv*r»
shock of earthquake, accompanied by a rum
bling noise, was experienced hero at 1:20
o'clock this morning, somewhat a'.armlssr th«
lrhabltants.
APTERTISE3IEXTS.
Folk, Fagan, Colby
McQurcY Magazine is
: ml V making , a {bead-roll of
'4^S^--t, :'men who' fought the
~goodjfigKt~ stories of the
\jbtighfer' side of American
politics, told by men who arc
* in the highest sense reporters,
fair, impartial, accurate, who
'understand and know how to
. • give the intense dramatic in-
terest: behind these fights.
This bead-roll begins with
; Folk in December; Fagan in
January; Colby, in February,
and other good names in later
numbers.
'Subscribe for McQure's
now. These stories will be
a memorable contribution to
. history.
\u25a0 All news stands, JCc, $1 a year
McClure's Magazine
44-60 East 23d Street, NEV YORK^
tffe \u25a0 Q>\u25a0 At Ammunition.. 'Hunting and
BiSJliiklSL 8 J-porring Gi^da. I^ir?est
1-1 1 Bia s.tuck. Lowest pricca. S^nd
111 8108 a fcr catalosue. "
U%O I B JUr SHREVE & BARBER CX>..
738 Market st aa4 U4
Xaav \u25a0*.WILD SEAS
SING DIRGE
OVER DEAD
Bodies of Three Victims of
the Wrecked British Bark
Pass of Melfort Are Found
at Scene of the Disaster
TWEXTY-SEVEX DIE
IX SIGHT OF .LAND
Gale Still Ra^es Off Coast
• and Searchers Are Unable
to Reach Other Corpses
• Held by the Jagged Rocks
-
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec 28.— Without
prayers of the clergry, but with due
solemnity, the bodies of throe victims
of the wrecked British bark Pass of
Melfort were buried to-day in the lit
•tle grave yard at Un^luelet, a village
a fewj miles distant from the sc«sne of
the disaster, which involved the loss
•of twenty-six men and one woman.
*J"he villagers gathered at the ceme
tery and knelt in prayer during the in
terment.
The wreck of the Pass of Melfort,
badly broken, is submerged about fifty
yards from the .shore with two spars
ur.chored to it- An Indian is said to
.have seen the vessel firing rockets just
before she foundered. Before dawn on
Tuesday morning: the Indians heard re
ports and rushed otft of their lodges,
but not hearing any further reports
they returned. One states he saw
rickets, which is probably correct, as
ji finall box marked 'rockets" was
• washed ashore. The Indians went to
*L'«cluilet fiett lenient, where the set
• tiers were informed that a wreck had
.occurred and both white men and In
dians returned to the scene of disaster.
•The steel bark had gone on the reef
•to the eastward of Amph'tritc Point,
' 'about lifty yards from the shore. The
wreckage was washed ashore in a small
bay, twenty y;irds wide, with steep,
jagged rooks at the mouth on both
sides. It is fully exposed to the terrific
.southwest gale, which still sweeps
• monstrous seas on to the rocks.
Vhile the settlers were searching
among the wreckage they saw two
bodies, both of which were recovered
with boat hooks. Other bodies were
beaten against the rock but could not
be recovered. It is reported they have
since come ashore. It is considered im
possible for a man to have landed alive
t»o rocky is the vicinity where the
wreck occurred. Cn the rocks a hand
kerchief and collar were found with the
r.atni.- "A. S. Laurie" and a handkerchief
and socks marked with the name "Wor-
Two ot the bodies recovered and
burled are described as follows:
One, height five feet six inches, light
hair, sandy mustache, stars and stripes
tattooed on right arm with circle on flag
and dated ISTS. Second, five feet ten
inches tall, heavy built, about 30 years
old, dark hair end union jack on right
arm.
The first body was Etill bleeding from
ruts on the head, showing death had oc
curred but a short time before. It is
believed that the captain's wife was
among those lost in the wreck, for
"among the miscellaneous wreckage
washed ashore is a woman's gray coat
trimmed with red cord. Scraps of a log
book with the inscription "John Hous
fton. master; Donald Cameron, mate,"
were also found.
Three of the ships boats were washed
•ashore.
The search for the bodies of the vie
. tinvs is being continued.
steami:r homer damaged.
U»H \:trrn»lv Escapes Destruction
on Bar OntKide Portland.
PORTLAND. Dec. 2S. — The steamer
Homer had a narrow escape while at
tempting to cross out over the bar to
*< Jay, and that the vessel is to-night ly
ing alongside the wharf instead of
• drifting helplessly at sea is due en
tirely to the fact that she is equipped
T^ith twin propellers. The bar was
very rough when the Homer started out
Just after noon and the seas were
breaking clear across. While several
big seas were shipped, good progress
was made until the steamer was on the
«:rest of the bar, when her rudder tiller
a. three-inch iron bar, suddenly snapped
in two, rendering the steering gear
useless. Captain Donaldson immedi
»°jtt*'ly backed the steamer, keeping her
head to the seas, by working the twin
propellers until well inside the line of
.breakers, when he turned her around
end brought her back to the wharf in
this city. Repairs to the rudder are be-
Ing made to-night and the Homer will
l«£ ready to go to sea to-morrow.
* * vjramrr Olympian I* Sold.
PORTLAND. Dec. 2S.— The old side-
heeler steamer Olympian, well known
in- North Pacific waters, has been
cold by the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company to C. L. Demon of New-
York City. The Olympian will be towed
around Cape Horn to New York, where
ehe will be renovated and placed in
commission as an excursion steamer.
I J FEATURE OFA I
|J 1« a modem ldf»— the ihlrt got* I
I "On and Off like a Coal" I
V I "For XDOnxlsf , ftftensoon or eidilng, cor- I
rect (tyta* tor «Tery ocemdos— exclasire I
B color fMt latoic* or la white. a
Hi • 1.50 or marc fl
CtUETT.PEABODY & CO, Jj!&
"^WML|. Lrnrt uken ef Coll*™ ud SMrt *^dflir
WESTERN LINES PLEDGE
THEIR AID TO REFORM
Delegation Headed by Stubbs Calls on
the interstate Board.
HIGH OFFICIAL OF THE HARRIMAN LINES WHO HEADED DELEGATION
WHICH CALLED ON THE INTERSTATE COMMERCE, COMMISSION TO
PLEDGE THE AID OF WESTERN ROADS IN CHECKING REBATE EVIL.
WASHINGTON. Dec 2S.—Representa
! lives of the leading Trans-Mississippi
railroads were In conference with the In
terstate Commerce Commission to-day
concerning rates and the efforts of the
commission to do away with discrimina
tion by the railroads In favor of large
shippers.
J. C. Stubbs, vice president and traffic
director of the Harrlman lines, was the
spokesman of the party and held a brief
conference with his associates before
they appeared before the commission.
Chairman Knapp and Commissioners
Cockrell and Clements % were the only
members of th<; Interstate Board present,
the other CommlEsioners being out of the
city. Among the railroad men who at
tended the conference were G. T. Nich
olson, vice president of the Santa Fe; J.
M. Johnson, assistant to the vice presi
dent of the Gould lines, and J. T. Holden,
freight traJHc manager of the Rock
Island.
The conference, which was not public,
lasted for more than two hours. The rep
resentatives ot the railways referred all
Inquiries concerning the meeting to Chair
man Knapp cf the commission, who said
the committee desired the assistance o£
the commission in preventing rebates. Ho
asserted that the representatives of the
different Western roads stated that the
companies are determined to put a stop
to discrimination in favor of large ship
pers.
Through Stubbs and practically all the
oilier members of the committee the rail
way interests were represented as being
anxious to have the commission assist a
} railway committee in looking into all
grievances- Knapp said the speakers
I even expressed a willingness to have such
a committee headed by a man without
railway interests who shall act as the go
| between in a'-l conferences between the
| railway committee' and the commission.
I Several of the railway men assured the
i commission that the public conscience had
been roused by rebate disclosures and
that many prominent shippers have an
nounced they will accept no concessions
of any sort which may cause them to be
classed with corporations which have
profited by special rates. This sentiment,
it was urged by the railway men, will
assist materially in the effort of the rail
ways to abolish rebates.
Knapp and the other two members of
the commission who attended the confer
ence assured the railway men that the
commission will gladly co-operate with
the r?Jlwav interests in stopping rebates
and in investigating: grievances. In re
turn for activity among the railways in
trying to abolish discriminations Chair
man Knapp said the railway committee j
did not ask concessions of any sort from
the commission, but that they desired
co-operation.
The following official statement con
cerning the meeting was made by the
Interstate Commerce Commission:
The conference to-day with "Western railway
official!? was not sought by the commission, as
ceriain papers have Incorrectly stated, but its !
purpose was legitimate and commendable and }
warrants the expectation of beneficial results, j
At a recent meeting in Chicago the representa- I
lives of practically all of the lines \u25a0 weEt of
that city from the border of Canada to the j
gulf adopted the following resolution:
"That a Joint committee, representative of ',
lines In the Western trunk lines committee,
tbe trans -Missouri Freight Bureau, Southwest
ern tariff committee and the transcontinental
freight rate committee, be appointed and In- j
structed to wilt upon the Interstate Commerce j
Commission. ".' The desire and purpose of the i
respective members of said 'committees or bu-i
reaus are to co-operate with the commission >
In the enforcement of the law ; to the 'extent
of pointing out ways and means and. ' giving
the commission any specific Information thac
may com* to lUj knowledge which will lead i
to effective inquiry In uncovering unlawful \u25a0
practices." j
The. object of the Joint committee, whose !
names have already been published, was Ito j
present this resolution and. to assure tbe com
mission of the united and determined disposi
tion of the lines represented to conform to the
law in good faith and in ' every ' respect
and to aid the commission In its enforcement.
Pledges to this effect were given by all present I
with the further promise to report every illegal !
transaction which may come to their knowledge
or of which they may have well-grounded sus
picion.
"While this visit was unsolicited, as above
stated, it was not unwelcome, and the com
mission has zu> reason to doubt the sincerity
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER- 29,, 1905.
CUSTOM HOUSE
TO FEEL PROBE
Civil Service Board Will
Make an Inquiry Into the
Conditions in This City
Special Dispatch to "J'b» Call.
CALL, BUREAU. POST BUIIiDING.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28. — Civil Service
Commissioner Henry F. Greene will leave
Washington early njxt month for San
Francisco for the purpose of investigat
ing the administration of certain civil
service rules and regulations at the Cus
tom-house there. The Civil Service Com
mission to-day gave out the following
statement:
There is a large labor force employed in the
Custom-hous* -in San Francisco The ques
tion has be<n presented to the commission
whether this force is excessive and whether
those appointed as laborers are or are not
arsigned to classified work in the Custom
house. This matter has already been exten
slvt-ly investigated and Commissioner Greene
is going to San Francisco for the purpose of
completing- the investigation. Persons assigned
to classified work should not be appointed -'as
l^bortre. but by means of the usual competitive
examinations. The . commission- Is considering
trhether or not this rule has '"been violated in
th< Custom-house In San Ftancisco.
Commissioner Greene said to-day thero
had been no formal complaint /in the
matter tiled with the Civil Service Com
mission, and that the commission's in
quiry was due to the reports of alleged
irregularities in carrying out the civil
service regulations at the Custom-house,
which have been brought to the atten
tion of the local civil service board at
San Franci&co. Greene said that so far
as he knew nothing has yet been brought
out in this case that reflects upon the
Collector of Customs at San Francisco.
Beyond this Greene did not care to discuss
tho matter pending his 'investigation.
STRATTQX SEEKS INQUIRY.
Auks That Complication in Rules Be
Straightened Out. \
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— Frederick S.
Stratton, Collector of the Port of San
! Francisco, said to-night:
The -Civil Service Commissioners', investiga
tion of . the Custom-house ie the result of re
• quests made by: myself. ; For sometlmel have
been In correspondence with \u25a0• the commission
touching the 'questioly of * rules governing the
employment of laborers in the various depart^
ir.ents of the customs service. The conditions
are such that. laborers, defined under the '•lvil
service rules as those who ;do only manual . la
bor, not necessarily : able to ' read and - write,
have ; been employed at work : which ; requires
them to read at least. -For. example, ;a, laborer
might be directed to . trucx a. certain . packagn
in the warehouse. He would have, to read; tho
markings on the package to find the right one.
The rule has been drawn so finely; that it has
caused much trouble in the local ; civil service
board. . \u25a0,
v I have had much discussion over, the eubject.
The difficulty : over - laborers is not - confled to
one department. -The. rules strictly define a la
borer's duties, ; and ao ' they are ' not . appointed
under civil . service • examination * for - classified
position It \u25a0Is • evident that . if . there 'be> an * en
croachment Into the civil service list by. labor
ers there is at least a technical. violation of the
rule*. .T.^ajgJMgaj^ayffß^Bßs^Jiyisfi^gywtewjqgßfc
I thoroughly understand '- the ". situation ; and'
have requested the Civil Service Commission to
apply th* remedy, it may result that the '.en
tire force of laborers will -, be ', put under'civJl :
service. The whole subject has been' lnitiated
by myself in an effort to straighten out the sit
uation. \u25a0 . . •--.( - ;
of the movement or its practical value/ That
it , will: result in the complete - discontinuance
o* ' wrongful practices *is . perhaps too . much Ito
expect. * for • time > alone ; will j test S the \ degree of
its • usefulness, but a ; marked • improvement ; in
the . observance . of , tariff . rates r may . be - fairly
anticipated. It r the promised co-operation ;is
actually and continually afforded the payment
of, rebates and , the granting ' of secret i advan
tages will be, it is hoped, reduced to a
minimum. ,"-\u25a0:•"'- •-
TELLS OF TRIP
WITH AMUNDSEN
Captain of Wrecked Whaler
Bonanza Travels to Fort
Eagle With Bold Explorer
CKOSS THE, ICE FIELDS
Daring Norwegian Intends
Sailing for San Francisco
in Early Part of Spring
SEATTLE; Dec. 28.— Captain William
aiogg of the whaling schooner. Bonanza,
\vrecned on Herschel Island a . few
months ago, arrived at Seattle to-day
on the steamship Jefferson. : He walked
soO miles from Herschel island to Fort
Eagle in company* with Ronald Amund
sen of the. schooner' (Jjoa," wno sailed
from Norway through-. • the long-lost
Northwest Passage and who ultimate
ly found the magnetic north pole. Cap
tain Mogg stated that he left the mem
bers of the whaling fleet well, but said
that they would be on short rations
during tne. winter.
Captain. Mogg said that Captain
Amundsen had by this, time started on
his long tramp back to Herschel
Island, and that when the ice broke up
next spring he would sail for San Fran
cisco and from there around the Horn
and across the Atlantic- to "his home
port. Captain Mogg was unable to give
any information that had not already
been telegraphed from Fort Eagle.
Mogg says Captain Amundsen accom
plished all of the matters relative to the
location of the north magnetic pole and
sailed his vessel through the northwest
passage. Amundsen was compelled to
jettison a part of his cargo in order to
accomplish his feat of navigating the
northwest passage, which shows that the
northwest passage, now that it has been
defined, is not deep enough for vessels
sufficiently large for commercial tonnage.
"It will probably be from twelve to fif
teen months before the value of »the ob
servations taken by Captain Amundsen
at the north magnetic pole is made
known to the scientific world," said Cap
tain Mogg. "For two years Captain
Amundsen photographed every move
ment of the needle, finding that it moved
back and forth practically in a circle.
The observations were taken with self
reeisterins instruments and no member
of the expedition is able to give the re
sults. This data will be submitted to the
Royal Geographical Society. of London
and to the scientific and geological body
of Norway and Sweden, which assisted
in sending: out the expedition.;
'"There are only about three men in
the world who are able to read the self
registering instruments used by Captain
Amundsen in taking the observations of
the movement of the north magnetic pole.
It is estimated that at least a year, will
be required in compiling the data. Cap
tain Amundsen expects to leave on the
return of the ship Gjoa, which is within
a stone's throw of the wrecked schooner
Bonanza, and plans to bring the Gjoa out
by Bering Straits to San Francisco,
reaching that city early next September.
"Captain Amundsen has already sent
out the observations as registered by the
instruments in sealed copper cans. This
case has been forwarded to London and
will first be examined by the Royal Geo
graphical Society.
"In the measurements of water taken
by Amundsen in the passage the depth of
only, nine feet six- inches was found- at
the place where the Gjoa went -Aground.
As near as could be ascertained by Cap-
taln. Amundsen- there is no greater, depth
of water at any place in. the passage, al
though it is possible that a waterway
may exist where, the passage is entirely
blocked with ict ." • -?
DIGS FOR WATER
AND GETS GOLD
Special Dispatch to The O J.
STOCKTON, .Dec. 28.— Wallace, Cala
veras County, is excited over a big gold
discovery. It has' been found that di
rectly under the town itself there is a de
posit ! of gravel, in an old water course,
rich in coarse gold. The discovery was
made by James Hemerich, who started
to dig a well on his lot last, Sunday.
When down eleven feet he struck a gravel
deposit. He took a dlshpan from- his
home and panned out a little of it. "To
his gratification he got several small nug
gets of gold.
On Christmas afternoon Hemerich took
out and washed six • pans of gravel and
got $15 03 worth of gold. The discovery
started nearly every lot- owner in the
town to digging and nearly all have
found the results profitable. -Women are
at work panning gravel at tubs, al
though the weather is not far from the
freezing point.
DANGEKOUS LUNATIC ,
IS SENT TO ASYLUM
Blows Up Home of Neighbor
on Mill Creek With
Dynamite.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, "Dec. 28.— Frederick
Sedan was committed to the State Hos
pital to-day by Judge' Seawell. : 'Sedan
.was arrested last week after he had
blown up the home of John , Corwell on
Mill CVjek, above Healdsburg,- and
threatened other neighbors. He de
clares that the people are seeking his
life and that he-can "only escape by
dynamiting! their homes. .
SAN DIEGO HIGH SCHOOL
BONDS SAID TO BE DEFECTIVE
Brokers Who Bid In the Inane Call At
tention of Treamirer to an
. Alleged Error. '
SAN DIEGO, { Dec' 28— William R.
Staats & Co., the Pasadena and Los An :
geles bond brokers, who bid Jn, the" is
suej of $135,000 hig^h, school bonds, voted
by the people of i this city last July,
have informed Treasurer- ? John iF.
Schwartz? that- they could not accept
them. 1 The reason-given was that there
was :'a'i: defect in.thejnotice, calling, the
bond l election, but v the defect has not
yet;been explicitly; stated. .The alleged
defect was not, discovered-, until gsthe
bonds and \u25a0 accompanying ' ::? documents
had passed s the eyes* of numerous tcriti
cal legal ' authorities. ;= Staats & Co.
acted -in the bond purchase ; for N. "\u25a0' "VW
Harris & Co. : of * Chicago. ;Thls firm
had ; its v own < attorneys ; pass j upon? the
abstract v of the ; bonds } and :' beyond vths
correction .' of , the £ date •'. of." approvaliiby
the Board of Supervisors , no objection*
was raised.:
KATHERINE MORTON
\u25a0And '.the;- Well-Groomed*. Woman
INKBXTSCNDAY'SjCAU,.
New Year's Ovßjpcpat $1 1
Or d Good Suit for 11.
C; There are only two days i^^v
in which to buy an overcoat
or suit for New Year's day. r^f®» &^ll^
And anything you require te^l' ©ML
in the line of clothes you . "i^O^CjJW
the big mills and transferred .w-, |jj||§; ilt^t - Jijjf Jf*^
to our own workshops to be "
tail stores in San Francisco,
but also to supply our big wholesale trade outside ot Caliiornia.
C It is the elimination of the middleman and jobber that gives us the opportunity
to save you. $3 to $5 on a suit or overcoat in comparison with the prices asked
by other stores.
CL. Our Overcoats at $11 are big and loose fitting and easy for walking. There
is an excellent fit at the cellar and the long, popular length is observed.
C If it is some other style you desire, we can show you Paletots and Newmarkets —
both form -fitting coats— Surtouts, Box Coats, Chesterfields, Great Coats, etc., at
prices ranging from $11 to $40. . . *)
C Blue Serge Suits at* $1 1 were introduced by us and immediately became a
1-111 • it *
bi? success, which has continued to this day.
CL Our suits at $12.50 are of mixed cheviot, in many patterns of brown and
gray mixtures. •\u25a0
C Gray is the popular color of the season, and we have suits of gray hard finished
worsted that are meeting a large demand. Price $15.
C^ At $17.50, $20 and up to $40 — an assortment of suits in every style, pattern,
weave and color identified with the season.
CL Trousers— An excellent line at $2.75, $3 and $3.50.
CL Crayenettes— ln regular styles from $12.50 to $35 and form-fitting styles
from $20 to $45. These are the overgarments so desirable in dry weather, but
necessary in wet weather to.shed the rain.
; To Our Many, Many Patrons
CL The year just closing has been the most eventful in our history. Early in
the year we found another store necessary, so on April 15th we opened a
most magnificent establishment in the James Flood Building, thus giving us
- two immense stores. ,
C In the fall we acquired a shoe store on Powell street adjoining our store,
and in December we opened our illuminated Arcade— the finest store
entrance in America.
CL All this expansion has been necessary because of the continued growth of
our business. The public has faith in our merchandise and methods and
bestows its patronage where satisfaction is assured. -
CL We hope to deserve the continued patronage of the thousands of customers
who have made this the largest clothing business west of Chicago. '
Two Big Specials in Boys' Suits at
fll l-^^i/^CI 1 1 Cf* fnP CI7PC Qt*A < --.^
Ajf-jHk hx, JDCLcILIoC LIIC oILCo dl C s^s '->th\
i 3^ broken we will nave a sale v*^w,
of all-wool Sailor Suits;...-^^^R^.
mff^M^^^ Except for these sizes the entire lot ffl
'^^^^^^^^ laas been sold an 4 this clearance will Mf
|S^^^Pg. advisable to come early to make pur- "^^^^M lif
: ' : c su * ts are nc y S ra y and brown
Wm&l And it is only broken sizes that we '^^S^^a
Hf out. For boys 7to 12 years old. The &&&??* ~^^-$&
Wi v> suits come in fancy cheviots in gray and/" Jml^llS^f*'*
Filled. Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing Free
write Two La rge Stor e s within
Us. 740 Market St. 972 {Market St. ' 26 Powell and 50 Miles.
35 Geary St. - (Arcade Entrance) Cor. Powell & Ellis
34
STRIKE TO STOP
ALL BUILDING
Walkout to Occur Next
Tuesday Will Throw 75.000
Gotham Men Into Idleness
FIGHT FORMOEE PAY
Housesmiths' and Bridge
men's Union Plans to Tie
Up Construction Operations
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— Announcement
was made to-day by the leaders of the
Housesmiths' and Bridgemen's Union
that on Tuesday next, January 2. the
4000 members would strike for an increase
of pay from U5O to $5 a day. This, the
leaders declare, means that every big
building In course of construction in "this
city and within a radius of fifty miles
on Long Island and in New Jersey, in
which structural Ironwork 13 being done,
will be tied up. Indirectly it will throw
out of employment about 75,000 men. Bus
iness Agent Farrell of the union said to
night:
We notified th* employers a year ago that
tiie ?3 a day demand would -go Into crfect on
January 1- We are cut of the general arbitra
tion board and we can force the demands upon
the employers Individually.
ATTEMPT TO PROVE ALIBI
ON BEHALF OF ESTATE
WJtaefta Tfitlflet as to thereabout*
of Laclcde J. Howard at Time
of Aliened Marriage.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 28. — The first at
tempt to prove an alibi for the late
Laclede J. Howard, whose estate Mrs.
Mary Leafgreen is suing for $250,000
as Ills widow, was made by attorneys
. for the estate to-day when George W.
Jones, secretary of the Evans & How
ard Fire Brick Company, identified tht
minutes of tne company under date of
January 16. IS&3. when Laclede J.
Upward was re-elected president, as
being in the handwriting of Laclede
J. Howard and signed by him.
The same witness also identified in
the order book an entry under date of
January 15. 1653. as being in the band
crofting of Laclede J. Howard.
The significance to this testimony,
according to tne plaintiff's counsel, is
that, according to the testimony of all
t*he witnesses on both sides who have
testified concerning the marriage of
Mary Moore and Charles Howard, they
were married in Decatur. 111., January
15, ISB3, and came on the following
'day to Palmer, where Howard spent
the following week.
The fall's Great Artl«t.
Unit a Fall-Pajre Drattinsr
IX XEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
GREAT RELIGIOUS REVIVAL,
TO SWEEP THE COXTIXEXT
Plans Are Laid at Evansrejical Con
ference Conducted by Torres' and
Alexander.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2S. — Plans for an
old-fashioned religious revival to
sweep the continent of America were
made to-day by religious workers from
all parts of the country at the evange
listic conference conducted by R. A.
Torrey and Rev. Charles M. Alexander
fn the Moody Church.
With the same \u25a0wonderful power
•which swept over England last sum
mer in one of the greatest revivals
In history. Dr. Torrey and Mr. Alexan
der opened the two days' conference
with three public meetings. At each
of the services the church was
thronged, and at each the audience
displayed intense enthusiasm.
Refunes Gift From King: Edward.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Dec. 28. — J. i
Hcnnlker Heaton. who introduced the'
penny postage in Great Britain, when-j
he arrived in Montreal to-day, was in- I
formed that King Edward had made |
him a Knight Commander of St.
Michael and St. George.. He announced
that he would refuse the honor.
<L The introduction of the Playola • Piano
has made possible the acquisition of a Piano-
Player-Piano of high class* by homes of mod-
C The Playola Piano is a~distinct depart-
ure in piano and piano-player construction.
Combining a strictly high-grade piano of
especial merit, perfect tone and action, and
of great durability, with an interior piano-
player built on new and original lines, and
capable, even in the hands of a novice, of
the most refined musical expression, the
Playola Piano meets the demand for a thor-
oughly reliable and artistic piano-player-
piano at a figure no greater than is usually
paid for an ordinary upright piano.
jri luu wt*i ObUU
93 1 -933^ Market. Street, San* Francisco
Branches — Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose, Santa Rosa.
Fresno. Reno, Nev;; Phoenix, Ariz.
REVOLUTIONISTS CON DEM N AN D EXECUTE
CHIEF OF SECRET POLICE IN MOSCOW.
Russiatt Official Bids a Last Farewell to
His 'Family .and' ls Then Taken to
the Street and Shot. -,
MOSCOW, Dec. 28. — The revolt is
practically ov»r and the strike will be
called off Monday. Comparative quiet
prevailed to-day. Only a few fanatics
are continuing the struggle.
All the members of the social revolu
tionary committee have been arrested
and a quantity of bombs. Infernal ma
chines and correspondence seized.
Three hundred revolutionaries to-day
invaded the residence of the Chief of
the Secret Police and killed him.
At the medical bureau 650 wounded
and 105 killed have been registered, but
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, ,; FRIDAY, DECEMBER, 29, I9OS.
it is known that there are fully 1000
unidentified dead in the Loutchow quar
ter alone.
A mob of armed revolutionaries at
tacked the polite bureau, but was re
pulsed with .serious losses.
LONDON, Dec. 29.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph describes as follows the execu
tion of the Chief of Police of Moscow:
.'"The revolutionists entered the lodg
ing of the Chief of Police at midnight
and told him to bid an eternal farewell
to his family, because he was con
demned to die. Finding that It was no
joke the Chief expostulated, but' to no
purpose.
"Realizing his awful position, he eai.l
farewell to his family and was hurried
into the street and shot. His body was
left lying in a pool of blood."
The same correspondent relates as
follows the terrible operations of the
"Vehmgerichte" in Riga:
"Tht persons disappeared mysterious
ly and a few days afterward their bodies
were ,'ound with identical marks — four
bullet wounds on the breast, four on
the back and the skull cloven in twain.
Of the many brought before the "Vehm
gerichte' one escaped death, but in so
doing he was seriously wounded, prob
ably owing to pome Interruption of hi«
executioners. This person says that he
was seized and bound and hurried to
the room. in which the tribunal was sit
ting. The proceedings were brief. He
•was condemned to death, carried to the
outskirts of the town, laid flat on the
ground and shot."
CRUSHING OF THE REVOLT.
MOSCOW, . Wednesday, Dec. [27. — The
backbone of • the Insurrection Is broken
and the rising !s rapidly going to pieces.
The revolutionists are able to keep up
only a guerilla warfare, but the ' ease
with which they can move small detach
ments from place to place renders the
task of suppressing them slow and tedi
ous. . '\u25a0_\u25a0:
All the troops of the Moscow garrison,
including the former disaffected Rostoft
Grenadiers and the reinforcements which
are employed In crushing the revolution
ists, are still Insufficient to thoroughly
occupy the territory won, thus enabling,
the revolutionists to slip into vacated
territory as soon os, the; troops move • oh.
Many of the attacks on patrols are seem
ingly, made out of a pure spirit of brav
ado, since they are completely futile from
a strategic standpoint.: The remnants of
the insurrection now lack cohesion or a
head.
The city of Moscow, bears the pictur
esque appearance of a battlefield. -Officers
are everywhere seen j galloping through
the streets or being driven, about in, rap
idly; moving : sleighs,, uccompanted by es
corts of dragoons or. Cossacks. . ;
The troops began operations this
ing at the .Triumphal Arch, bombarding
and demolishing an- immense barricade
near the car stables of the: Belgian Com
pany which has been, built behind: over
turned' tram carsJ Thence, ">«lowly pivot-
Ing from the . arch,- the : columns ' swept
eastward, clearing all ' the - streets off
Tverskaia and . north of the ' boulevard
which separates ..the battleground from
tbo center of .the"; city. .Barricades wero
not so numerous in this region as was
the case : during, yesterday's t fighting,' and
the troops encountered less opposition. \u25a0'
Sometimes the , artillery ' fired at a bar
cade, but usually ; the « defenses .were
ken t without .the; firing, of a ; shot! -[ ".The
. ork of '- destroying the 'entanglements
and burning ] the ; material v from? which
they, .were ; constructed '..was ' slow.' Occa
sionally," when the troops were ' fired upon
from roofs, the houses were bombarded,
but the occupants had ample time ' to '\u25a0 es
cape. > : :;,' -. \u25a0 ' \u25a0..'. :. -.-/;\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0
, The operations of the 'troops in the
FAMOUS PALACE If? MOSCOW. KNOWN TO THE RUSSIANS AS THEIR
••HOLY OF HOLIES," AND ADMIRAL IN COMMAND OF SQUADRON THAT
MAY BE SENT TO PROTECT AMERICAN INTERESTS.
Brunnaya district disclosed many inter
esting traces of yesterday's fighting,
which brought- the walls of a hundred
houses tumbling about the ears of their
defenders. The Prokhorff cotton mill,
the headquarters of the "Drujina." and
many other houses, for a distance of a
mile between the Boulevard and the Tri
umphal Arch, were in ruins. Every street
tributary of the Tverskaia boulevard was
stoutly barricaded, as many as seven
barricades being counted within 200 yards
of . a single street. These evidently
formed the first line of defense and the
network of streets behind were barri
caded at Intervals. These, barricades
were left standing, the troops having
strategically . made a circuit to an open
plain northwest of the city, which en :
abled them to take the 'revolutionists in
the rear', compelling. the evacuation of
the position practically without loss, as
the revolutionists were unable to fight
the artillery with revolvers, and. they
possessed few rifles. *
House after house showed yawning
chasms produced by shells, i The spirit
shops and cheap lodging houses occupied
by the student; revolutionists .were the
principal sufferers.- The barricades,
though they could not be defended
against artillery, were well constructed
of telegraph poles, fences, heavy, doors,
Iron courtyard gates and signs, all inter
laced with wire. A lumber, yard In the
vicinity : supplied material for thirty bar
ricades. : Red • flags were still defiantly
floating over some of the defenses..
During the morning the revolutionists
"several times attempted to Intercept con
voys of ammunition sent from the arsenal
to the troop's, whos? supply of ; 200 rounds
per . man was running low. In ' one case
they almost | succeeded, after which the
escorts of the convoys were doubled.
The boldest exploit to the credit of the
revolutionists was an attack on the, din
ner of the Fourth, Grenadiers, which; was
being trundled out in the wheeled camp
kitchens used . in the . Russian army. A
detachment of the "Drujina," aided by
some' sympathizers In the neighborhood,
swooped ' "down, 'on ' the corporal's guard
forming. the escort. ; The drivers of the
wheeled . kitchens and the escort made a
valiant defense a3 bullets' rattled on the
hollars and caldrons, puncturing a big
soup 'pot. "At that juncture a, squadron
of. dragoons galloped up anddro've off the
assailants ' and the | camp kitchens- were
rescued; but the Grenadiers lost their
dinner. .* . " \'. ' . \u0084 \u25a0..
' * Lest night a company of "Drujina" sol
diers, who are said to be paid 20 cents per
day, i made '- a daring Incursion 'i Into the
heart- of the city,;' occupying : Oknotnago
Kiada (hunter's* row) under the walls of
the Kremlin and suddenly opening flre oh
the .Infantry and 'artillery camping In
Theater square. ; The guard . stationed at
the Hotel-. Metropole, where Governor
General : Doubassoff is j quartered, replied
and after volley: was exchanged
. across | the S qu are.' The regular : troops , in
the absence' of '\u25a0 their officers, \u25a0 were thrown
into confusion by.' the surprise attack and
fired - wildly until ' the officers rushed out
of the hotel'and led a charge across the
square, whereupon the". Drujina ' soldiers
hastily decamped. •' ' ' . -
BOME ARIJED BY ARTILLERY.
ST.* • PETERSBURG, Dec. 28.— T0-
Steelhead Flshlnc In the Russian River.
\u25a0 The ; bar ; at - the : mouth of the"; rl ver
having broken, the; steelhead : ; salmon
are coming. In from": the f ocean: in -great
numbers.-. Fishermen are having grand
sport. .A specials train will » leave -San
Francisco •/, ( via s . Sausalito \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'. ferry) "\u25a0;. for
Monte Rid, -Mesa Grande 1 and Duncans
Mills on .Saturday next at 3:15 p.: in. •
day's news from Russian Poland Indi
cated that the general strike was ex
tending. , Wholesale arrests have been
made in the cities. At Sosnovic. near
the Emperor's hunting lodge, an. at
tempt was made to blow up the bar
racks with dynamite. ,
The employes of the Riga-Orel Rail
road have again struck.
The Novoe Vremya reports that a
meoting of railroad .'. men at Rostoff
on-Don was bombarded by artillery
and that 800 of those present were
killed or wounded. .-.';'.,'\u25a0•. ';%
The paper also| states .that all the
Russian official's in Courland have been
driven out of that province. ]
From many places come reports that
the enraged people are threatening the
strikers and revolutionists with venge
ance and massacres on a large scale
are feared. At Moscow the parties of
law and order, the Progressive Moder
ates and other bodies have Issued
proclamations to the people denounc
ing the revolutionists as enemies of
the Emperor and the country and im
ploring the citizens, workmen and
troops to unite in preserving Russia
undivided.
WARSAW -STRIKE .WEAKENING.
Occasional Encounters Betrreen Sol-
dlers and ' Agitators.
WARSAW, Russian Poland, Dec. 28.
The general strike Is weakening. The
shops are open and cabs are circulating
in the center of : the city. The em
ployes of the factories and street rail
roads are still;, on strike. Among the
railroads only' the employes of the Vis
tula lines have struck. The soldiers oc
casionally have conflicts with agitators.
Yesterday they killed four and wounded
twelve.
BERLIN. Dec. 28." — A dispatch to the
Lokal Anzeiger from Warsaw, dated
to-day, says: ; ' '
"The revolutionaries of the district
of Wysokie-Mazowleckie, Government
of Lbmzha," have appropriated all the
district government funds. Euring the
night -of December 26 eighty armed
men . occupied" the \u25a0 square where the
public offices are situated, overpowered
several night watchmen and drove off
the policemen who hurried to the scene..
The revolutionists then blew open the
safes of the' district.- treasury and took
4243,000.?- There were no 'troops in the
town." t \u25a0•'.' ;'[ ''• i'r^-":/:-",._, '.
VICE GOVERNOR WOUNDED.
Attempt to 'Asa'anslnnte an ' Official In
.., Central Runnln.
LONDON," Dec. 29.— A dispatch" from
St.' -Petersburg to :anews: agency : says:
\u25a0 "According to a dispatch from Tainb
off,' in Central; Russia, an attempt was
made -.; to . assassinate . -Vice Governor
Bogdano vitch. - * The ', would-be assassin
succeeded . In wounding the Vice Gov
ernor with revolver shots. . Two arrests
have been "made." ;•:,\u25a0':•;:
'/' The Times. this:morhing prints a dis
patch' from*. Moscow, .', dated , December
27, which isays: .
"Jf " the r revolutionaries could secure
gun's they, would -be assured of victory
and the troops ,would be. obliged to take
refuge " ; in ? the : Kremlin, ' where j the 'Gov
ernor .General and -other, authorities al-
Veady^have sought safety. . Fortunately
the'arsenal Isilnslde'theiKremlln."
AMERICA^ TO ; SEXD SQUADROX.
Admiral J SlßSbee^a ? Warships Ma y ne
• .;.!: "Ordered 'to the Baltic. \
.WASHINGTON; Dec. 28.~The admin
istration- will send a squadron and not
a single ship to European waters for
use in the Russian crisis In ease Amer
ican life and property are menaced^- At
a conference yesterday between the
President, Secretary Root and Secre
tary Bonaparte instructions were given
Admiral Sigsbee, ' commanding ' the
cruiser squadron of the North Atlantic
fleet, to proceed with the Brooklyn, the
Galveston. the Tacoma and the Chat
tanooga 'to Madeira. Then, -if the ne
cessity arises, the squadron will go to
the Baltic. Otherwise it will winter at
Naples. '."';, ;u-
City Offleial* Among Plotters.
REVAL, Esthonia, Russia, Dec. 28. —
The police and troops to-day surround
ed and arrested seventy persons while
they were discussing the tactics to be
used In an armed revolt. Among those
captured were City Councilors Themany
and Strandman and Acting Mayor
Prats. The insurgents continue to
drive into the city the troops operating
in, the country.
Field Gun* Awe Revolutionists.
KOVNO. Llthunia, Dec. 28.— The city
Ir under martial law, and the field guns
in the square and machine guns posted
at strategic points have overawed the
revolutionists. Members of the Jewish
Bund fired on a passing pa;rol to-day
and the patrol fired a volley, killing
two persons.
Two PnxaenKer Trains Wrecked.
KIEFF. Russia, Dec. 28.— The rails of
the Southwestern Railway were torn
up at Sarni to-day and two passenger
trains were wrecked. Many persons
were Injured. There are heavy patrols
in the streets of the city.
Negotiating for Surrender.
LONDON, Dec. 28.^ — A dispatch to the
Daily Mall from St. Petersburg says
that the revolutionists in the Pressnaya
quarter of Moscow are negotiating for
terms of surrender to the authorities.
Oile*»a Under .Martial Law.
ODESSA. Dec. 28.— Martial law has
been proclaimed in" this city. The
strike, however. Is nearly over. Hun
dreds of arrests have been made.
1\ s-bu; ova utjuz aqj Xq— uon^oun
-3UBS joj uaflßisjui.Xii.sßa si ssaun-iaisrg.
i K^OTflC ISOW I
You don't like those gray hairs, do i
you? And your husband certainly I
doesn't like them. Then why not try
a bottle of Ayer's Hair. Vigor? It I
restores color to gray hair every time, [
? -all the deep, rich color of early life, :{
And it cures dandruff also. . [
I The best kind of a testimonial-
"Sold for over sixty years"
: H»d« by th» S. C. Aysr Co.. Lowall. M*»».
-i Alas M»nuf»ctur.r» of
AVER'S SARSAPARILLA— For the blood. ATSS'S PHIS— For constipation. \
AVER'S CHBKK Y PECTOHAI^-For Coughs. ATER'SAGtrECXTKE— ForcuUrU*nd*II».
MISTCHENKO
IS WOUNDED
IN MOSCOW
Lieutenant General of the
Cossacks Hit by a Stray
Bullet While on a Street
of the Russian Holy City
GEEAT MASSACBE
OF BEBELS FEARED
"Black -Hundreds" Await Op
portunity to Complete the
Work of Crashing the
Enemies of the Emperor
PARIS, Def. 2S>— The Journal* St.
Petersburg; correspondent, telegraph
ing December 29, aays thnt General
Ilnrwu Stakelberg left St. Petersburg
for the Caucasus with secret order*
and that a dispatch received tn St. Pe
tersburg reports, that he ha* been cap
tured by Insurgents.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 29. l:U0 a. m.—
The Bourse Gazette this morning prints
a rumor that Ueutenant General Mist
chenko, while in -the streets of Moscow,
was wounded by a stray bullet, Th<s
paper also prints a rumor that Count
Vorontzoff-Deshoff. Viceroy of the Cau
casus, has been recalled on account oC
his failure to pacify the district.
According to advices received by the
Government lust night the "rebellion"" at
Moscow was entering on It 3 final stage.
The same guerrilla warfare was continued
yesterday, but on a smaller scale. Gov
ernor General Doubassoff is acting with
great energy and hundreds of members
of the Drujina are already behind the
bars. The strikers have lost heart and
the Workmen's Council is considering the
question of calling off the strike.
The principal danger seems to be that
the "black hundreds" will complete the
work begun, by the troops and end the
revolt with a horrible massacre. The
lower classes are represented as enraged
at the attempt of the revolutionaries to
overthrow the Emperor, and, even with
the best Intentions, it may be impossible
for the authorities to restrain the fury of
these classes, once the opportunity is
offered them. The attacks made on strik
ing railroad men at wayside stations suf
ficiently shows the temper of the peasant
class. * \u0084 ' ]' '..'"
Four thousand strikers marched out of
Moscow and completely destroyed sev
eral mill's of the railroad track between
St. Petersburg and Moscow, thirty miles
outside of Moscow, in order to prevent
the arrival of troop trains bearing the
Seminovsky Battalion of the Horse Guard,
and the trains backed twenty miles to
Cline. whence. It is understood, the troops
will proceed on foot for their destination.
CHRISTMAS CAROUSAL
IS ENDED BY DEATH
Idaho Man Goes, to Sleep by
the Roadside and Suc
cumbs to Cold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. "Wash.. Dec. 28. — H. P.
Fenton, age Sft, who. according to letters
from a brother living in San Francisco.
was htlr to a legacy of $1300. was fourvl
dead by the roadside near Princeton.
Idaho, to-day. He was from a goo«l
"Wisconsin family, but was sent west on
account of his wildness and entered
camp No. 2 of the Potlatch Lumber
Company. Christmas day he went t»>
Princeton and grot on a spree. During
a fit he fell off a chair but was not se
riously Iniured. He left Princeton la<t
night set-mindly Intoxicated and thU* (
morning his body was discovered a f»*.v'
feet from the roadside. Therp was :;u
sign of a struggle. Fenton apparently
fell In a drunken stupor and succumbed
to the cold.
CAPTAIX \. HeCRACKLV
TO COME TO MARK ISLAXD
Aftftlsrned to Duty at tbe Paelfle Caa«t
Yard' by tbe Navy De
partment.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28. — Orders wore
issued at the Navy Department to-day
assigning Captain A. McCrackin to dut/
as captain of the navy yard at Mar*
Island.
End Xrar for Verke*.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28. — A bulletin is
sued to-night as to the condition of
Charles' T. Yerkes stated that, thero
had been no marked change during
the past twenty-four hours. Dr. Ixt°
mls, the attending physician. add<xl
that while there were no Immediate
symptoms, of approaching death. ; .the
end might come at any moment.CAT'S CLAWS PLAY HAVOC
WITH YOUNG MAN'S FACE
Feline Is Cast at
Him by Woman
in a Rage.
It Clings to Head
and Vigorously
Scratches.
Sore Visage Looms
Before Police
Magistrate.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Althoug-h the eat cut no direct figure
.In the robbery accusation against
Bush Frlel, whose sobriquet of "Brick"
was explained by his russet com
; plexion, the animal's claws had cut
many figures In the countenance
which he presented when Police Judge
Frit* called him up for arraignment.
Scarcely half an Inch of H,ls facial
cuticle was unscratched, and some of
the crsmeon streaks extended down and
across his neck.
"Woman T' was Bailiff Conlon's la-
conic inquiry &s he surveyed the muti
lated visage.
"Cat," was Mr. Friel's equally terse
reply. "But," he added, after a mo
ment's pause, during which he tenderly
fingered his deepest and longest lace
• ration, "a woman chucked th* cat at
me."
"I was sure that a woman had some
thing to <3o with it,"" rejoined the court
officer, with a smirk indicative of pride
In his acute perspicacity.
On motion of Mr. Friel's attorney, the
. charge of grand larceny filed by Frank
Euberg of 200 Howard street went
over for hearing until January 3, and
the details of Mr. Friel's encounter
with the cat were thus shut out, to the
palpable disappointment of a crowded
auditorium. From statements piade
by Mr. Friel to some of his fellow
prisoners, however, it was ascertained
lhat on the evening- of the alleged rob
bery he was under alcoholic influence
and went to extend the compliments of
• the holiday season to one of his femi
nine acquaintances, residing on Ellis
.street. His manner of address must
liave been offensive to the lady, for
\u25a0with astonishing accuracy of aim she
•. hurled at bis face a cat which she had
been fondling: in her lap.
"Th* pussy seemed to hit me in fifty
. places at one time," Mr. Frlel Is re
-. ported es" having recounted, "an' th'
raore I tried to pull it oft* the faster it
clawed. When I'd loosen one of its
front feet .lfd dig th' nails of th' other
• one into me flesh an' then hook >m up,
r an* sometimes its whole bunch of feet
\u2666 m-ere working- together. How did I
Kit rid of It? I didn't git rid of it at
• all. When It g-ot good an' ready it got
rid of me."
Mr. Friel could ascribe only to a mir
acle the fact that his eyeballs escaped
extraction, as several scratches were
very close to his organs of vision.
Ere he fell into evil repute Mr. Frlel
attained some distinction as an ama
teur boxer, but his fame as an athlete
waned apace with the waxing of his
notoriety as a lawbreaker. He has
"done time."
• • • ' • •
To em Indiscreet mixing of pleb«ian beer
with the patrician vintage served to con-
Dn. FIERCE'S nEMKDIES.
OPEN PUBLtetTY THE BEST
GU7LR7INTY OF MERIT,
When the maker of a medicine, sold
through druggists for family use, takes
his patients fuily Into his confidence by
frankly and fearlessly publishing broad-
cast as well ac on its oottle wrappers,
a full list of all its ingredients in plain
English, this action on his part is the
best possible evidence that he is not
afraid to have the search light of inves-
tigation turned full upon nis formula
and that it will bear the fullest scrutiny
and the most thorough Investigation.
Dr. Piercets Favorite Prescription for the
cure of the weaknesses, periodical pains
. and functional dermgements of the or-
gans distinctly feminine, 5s the only medi-
cine put up for sale through druggists for
woman's special use, the maker of which
i« not afraid to take his patients into
his full confidence by such open and
honest publicity.
A glance at the published Ingredients
on each battle wrapper, will show that It
is made wholly from native, American,
medicinal root*, that It contains no poi-
sonous or habit-forming drugs, no nar-
cotics and no alcohol— pure, triple-refined
glycerine, of proper strength being used
instead of the commonly employed alco-
hol, both for extracting and preserving
the active medicinal properties found in.
the roots of the American forest plants
employed, ft is the only medicine for
women's pecular diseases, sold by drug-
gists, that does not contain a large per-
centage of alcohol, which Is In the long
run so harmful to woman's delicate, nerv-
ous svetem. Now, glycerine is perfectly
harmless, and serves a valuable purpose
by possessing intrinsic value all its own,
ana besides it enhances the curative
effect of the other ingredients entering
Into the "Favorite Prescription."
Some of the ablest medical writers and
teachers endorse these views and praise
all the several Ingredients of which "Fa-
vorite Prescription" is composed — rec-
ommending them for the cure, of the
very same diseases for which this world-
famed medicine is advised. • No other
medicine for women has any *uch pro-
fessional endorsement— worth more tnan
any number of ordinary testimonials. If
interested, send came and address to Dr.
v E. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. V., for his little
ittook of extracts from the works of
eminent medical writers and teachers.
endorsing the several ingredients and
telling Just what Dr. Pierces medicines
an mads cf . It's free lax tb« Mkiac
sumers of Italian dinners did Jesse Lltch
neld and Benjamin Brown, putative news
paper illustrators, attribute the reckless
| ness of spirit that possessed them when
they "lifted" several red lanterns which
had been placed as danger signals on
lumber stacks adjacent to the site of the
proposed St. Francis Hotel extension, on
Powell street, near Post. The arresting
policeman told Judge Fritz that when he
met the two young men they were laden
with lanterns, which they swung a la
Indian clubs, and thus created an ani
mated illuminative effect that was pretty
but embarrassing to drivers of vehicles,
who were on the lookout for warning
lights in the darkness.
"Was it artistic impulse that led you
to— to— borrow the lamps?" the Judge
asked tbe defendants.
'Well, yes; in a way it was," one of
them replied. "But, cf course," he added,
'If we had been perfectly sober we
wouldn't have borrowed them at all."
Then be told of the commixing of beer
with "dajo red."
"What did you Intend to do with your—
ah— plunder?" inauired the court.
"We were going to visit a friend of
ours who had a Christmas tree at his
home," was the answer, "and when we
saw the lanterns we thought they would
look well on the tree. Of course, we didn't
mean to steal the things."
"I am Inclined to believe that you were
impelled by mischievous Instead of larcen
ous prompting," said his Honor, "and my
order of dismissal Is -accompanied by an
opinion that it was unwise of. you to in
troduce a malt beverage to the tipple
served with* Italian dinners, which, though
cheap In price, is a haughty and unso
ciable wine."
Mrs. Laura Harris, who abandoned her
husband, a horticulturist, and two chil
dren at Ukiah to elope with a negro bar
ber, was released by Judge Fritz at re
quest of her brother, who promised to
take her back to Mendocino County and
keep her at his home. Her dusky para
mour, who Is accused of vagrancy, has
demanded a jury trial, and the Judge Is
considering tbe advisability of granting
the demand.
• • •
Mrs. Mary Strong was dining with
her daughter and son-in-law, George
P. King, at the home of the latter, 3337
Twenty-sixth street, and so deeply en
grossed were the two ladles in what
they were saying, to each other, that
Mr. King became wearied of his . iso
lation and exclaimed:
"For goodness sake, can't you wo
men save your cackling for some other
time?"
"How dare you speak to mother In
that manner?" Mrs. King angrily re
torted. "For two pins I'd" —
What she Intended to propose to do
for two pins was never disclosed, for
a pork chop hurled by Mr. King struck
her full upon the mouth and barred
further utterance. Then he smashed
a dinner plate by bumping her head
with it.
Sealskin-sacqued and picture-hatted,
Mrs. King recounted in fuller detail
the foregoing domestic Incident to
Judge Cabanlss. before whom she ac
cused her husband of battery. "I was
passing the butter to» mamma." she
added, "when he told me to shut up
and not talk so much. 'Mer-cy!' says
I, 'lfs too bad, I'm sure, that one can't
S3>- a word to one's mamma at one's
own table." With that he ups with the
pork chop and hits me on the mush" —
"Beg pardon?" the Judge interrupted,
interrogatively.
"Hits me on the mush — the mouth,
you know," Mrs. King elucidated.
"Ah, yes," murmured the court.
"Then he ups with the plate," Mrs.
King resumed, "and breaks it on my
nut" —
"Really, you must pardon me again,"
quoth his Honor. "Where did the plate
strike?"
"On my nut — my head, you know,"
Mrs. King explained, peevishly. "He
has pulled three guns on me and 1
have one of them and sold the others.
We've been married ten years" —
"A year and a half, you mean," Mr.
King put in softly. #
"I said ten years," Mrs. King re
joined firmly, "and I repeat that we've
been married ten years."
"It'll all come out In the divorce
case," Mr. King informed her.
"You bet it will," she rejoined, snap
pishly.
Mr. King did not deny the battery,
but pleaded that It was more than Jus
tified by the epithet addressed to him
by the complainant when he mildly re
quested her to talk less and eat more.
"I keep a rooming-house," he added,
"and when I proposed that we divide
the property and separate she told me
she would take nothing less than the
whole cheese."
"By which she meant?" his Honor
plaintively said, with an inquiring
look.
"Why, that she would take the whole
property or nothing, of course," Mr.
King explained, with a pitying glance
at the^bench.
The King's were given ten day* in
which to either effect a reconciliation
or decide to dwell apart.
Twenty-five thousand dollars apiece
was the bail fixed by Judge Mogan
when he held . Frank Hastings, alias
Sheehan, and John Welch, alias Con
don, for trial In the Superior Court,
on charges of assault to commit mur
der, assault to commit robbery and
plain robbery.
They are accused of having waylaid,
shot and attempted to rob Frank Si
mon of 513 Potrero avenue on the
night of December 10. and of having
robbed E. N. Winslow on California
street on the night of December . 12.
They are young fellows, and several
other young' fellows tried hard to en
able them to prove an alibi In the.Si
mon case, but failed to do so. Mr. Si
mon positively identified the defend
ants as his assailants. • -
• • •
William E. Jackson of 415 .T street
kicked his wife Margaret while she
was dressing their little daughter to
attend a Christmas church festival, and
subsequently followed them to the
church and behaved In such a- dlsor-.
derly manner that* he was arrested.
Drunkenness Iwas ' his plea to Judge
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, , DECEMBER 29, 1905:
NAPOLI SPEAKS
IN OWN BEHALF
Accused Murderer and Bravo
Is Placed on the Witness
Chair to Give Testimony-
HE SEEKS EXCULPATION
Says That He Was Only by
Accident in Vicinity and
Did Not Help in the Killing
Angelo Napoli, wrestler and fisherman,
accused murderer of Giuseppe -Brogardo,
was put on the stand by / his attorney at
the third day of his. trial yesterday after
noon. He aat squarely in his chair, hi»
short body bunched up in lines; of squat
power. His hands, which are .the, handa
of , a wrestler, "muscular; almost" to de
formity, were clasped tight - between" his
knees. He talked with an Italiaa accent
and \u25a0.vehemently.-.. As on the first* day, he
was ptill under the torture of : a high col
lar, ,• and his head . Jerked froni side . to
side, his lips twitching.
Hig story, which To the defense is truth
and to the prosecution "a manifest lie,
was unshakable to Assistant District At
torney Whiting's : best efforts. ; Napoli
said that, at II o'clock on the night' of
the murder, accompanied \by Salvator #
Strn.no, ho went to" tho fish store of his*
brother, Mattso ; Napoli, j and there par
took of boiled crab" and some fried oys-'
ters. At 11 :30 they started home. On Ma
son street, a block and a half south -of
the barber shop ' of Pietro Rala," they
stopped to talk to a friend named Sano.
Strano left, saying he was going home.
Napoli remained, talking, about ten min
utes longer, and. was still . on" the- spot
when a fusillade of shots rang in the di
rection of the Raia barber shop. •
"I hear shot," said Napoli. "I look and
uet> lots of people running in front of the
barber shop. Lots of people begin run
ning down the street,' and I run, too,
after them. I run to the corner of Fran
ctsco. Lois of people there. I say ..' What's
da mattah, what's de mattahT They say,
'I don't know, I don't know.' Then a po
licaman he come and , say, 'One . Italian
rean dead. Do you know?* "I go * with
him tn Vande water street, and Brogardo
is there, dead. Roaario Domini, his friend,
is there, and he begin to cry. . k The police
man say, 'Do you, know, him, the man
that's dead?' I say, 'Yes, that's Bro
gardo.' "
SAYS HE INTERPRETED.
After that, Napoli claimed, he was one
of the crowd that followed the policemen
iv their investigation^ and he helped them
by interpreting. Under eioss-examination
he stoutly held to his story ..very restive
to the prodding, of repeated questions. He
denied ever having. had trouble with Bro-
K'ardo before; said he knew, him by sight
only. He denied that he had . ever com
plained of having been driven out of
Alaska by Brogardo, and affirmed that
while in Alaska he and Brogardo worked
for different companies in different . parts
of the country.
The most important testimony for.
the prosecution was that of Pietro
Rala, the proprietor, of the barber
shop, where was taking place the cele
bration that ended in the bloody trag
edy. Rala said that. twenty minutes
after the fusillade that ended in Bro-.
gardo's death Angelo Napoli-came into
! the shop and asked , the , barber • to
shave off his mustache! Raia demurred
at first, saying that.' it was too "late
and that he was not sober, then oon
sented and clipped them off. This
dovetails with the previous testimony.
of Thomas Shea, Thomas Shea is the
young machine hand who, with W. E.
Welsse, was given the custody of Sal
vator Strano by Policeman; Fenner
while that officer ran on In pursuit of
Andrea Brasilo. The prisoner was
torn out of the hands of the two citi
zen custodians by a man whom they
claim was Napoli. Shea testified that
at the time of the forced deliverance
Napoli had a thick, black mustache,
but that when he saw him again an
hour later the mustache was gone.
Raia testified also that he heard
Napoli when put in the patrol wagon,
say to his fellow-suspects, "Boya. be
careful what you say or it will be
worse for you." " A few weeks after
the murder Napoli came to him and
they talked about the affair. Rala
told Napoli that Gualappl had said that
he, Napoli, was guilty of the murder.
On the spot Napoli dictated a note- to
Rala to be given to the accuser. The
note" was Introduced as evidence.- It
Is scribbled in Italian and 'unsigned.
Translated, It reads, "Now boys, don't
talk different. If you do it will be
worse for you."
GL.OOH IN COURT. i
One of the most interesting bits of
testimony was that of Mrs. D. An
dreas. It brought Into the courtroom
some of the gloomy atmosphere of the
night of January 22. Mrs. Andreas
lives at No. 6 Vandewater street, in
the house before the gate of which
Brogardo ended his desperate flight in
death. Mrs. Andreas was In the front
bedroom of the house at the time and
Fritz, who continued the case till to
day.
• \u25a0' . '•\u25a0 .'.•-. \ '•
Mrs. Minnie Stewart, music teacher, re
siding at-10048 Golden Gate avenue, was
arrested for shoplifting on complaint of
Roos Bros., clothiers, but when she was
arraigned before Judge Mogan the com
plainants asked "for leniency, as , the
woman has a respectable : son whom they
did not desire to suffer ; punishment
through her disgrace if she . were sen
tenced for larceny. She was allowed to
go on probation' for one month. ;
When the case of . Paul Wells, accused
of having stolen rings from a" Chinese,
was called before Judge Conlan, an at
torney 1 stated that the defendant • had
committed' suicide by. cutting his' throat,
and his remains were then In the Morgue.
I IS NOT GENUINE WITHOUT THE WORD ' |
It is always sold in bottles
like this
The Natural £^3 -'AVOID .
Cure for EVUTATIONS!
DYSPEPSIA Wk: ; —
and £&sft*k {en nave
STO!WACH Mijmm n0 medicinal
TROUBLES r°PertieB;r °P ertie8 ;
Standard &£so The e cnuine
Preyentative ' is never
for sold in
GOUT
' . Drink In the Morning and «t Metis
agi ; ..";...„., \u0084 . . f ... \u0084 \u0084r .
I SsnreOne-Quarieir, One-Third or One-Half Now
I &ss M^isj? Rsmssmmg Sfe&pi L&ts Holiday Goods
» Christinas shopping, means wear and tear on our goods. Picking up and handling and admiring, and passing
if on to >the next. Many \o) 'last week's Choicest Goods are now reduced One-Half* others One-Fourtk and One-
S Third. If you haye \wßeturn\ w Return Gifts 1 'to make,at * New ' Year's this is your opportunity. Among the reduced
I goods are Calendars, Aprons,^ Hand Bags, Bronzes, Cut Glass, Ornaments, Chinaware, Metal-
* ware, Fancy Boxes, Toilef Sets, Toys, Games, etc.; etc.
I House Coats f^ Men's Suits $15 jgt
«f /&B&faMM& Mz&Bf \u25a0\u25a0 ; <^"^T i Suits that are wonderfully good values here and WfSTp
| €?"""§'\u25a0"**".;\u25a0;.: gZP^kifw^ are certainly the equal of any $20.00 Suits J^jf?
g $6, $7, $8, $9 GoatS W/^^^\ in tOWn " See them * Better still, try on
«? __ _ . •_. _. ti&l&fifv&jF'' ' ' />/\ one an<^ note the fit and good style to these U^ Oh 7 \
| - All NOW $4*oo fl^Mm-'rW 1 ***— $15 -°° SuitS * Double or single^>
* , , — "'•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'' \u25a0X'hwsws'fd(M'Jfi' breasted coats, choice of fine quality heavy
g These are broken lots left , from the Uiristmas --'iS^l'm. <'\u25a0*&!*/& serae in fast Wiip rirh Wart crievint nr K£^^ilsK\s»
& > 1 t t "\u25a0 I I• \u25a0 1 I l !lf I m' \u25a0 "> I i F'/i^ • oCIidC HI ldal UIUC, 11C11 LMdLN. CllcVlOl Ol \V*A liju It^ l^'-
tt sales, only a few or each kind, but hundreds of '!•'<». i •"' -\>'''Jr-, t -.!•? tt i V *n \ tli i c VL-t ' iW* l r^/v
f coats in the assortment and your size among 01 fy. Zibets that will stay black fine quahty fancy \^\ 1# I /
\ them. They are made of plain and . figured ffr'^U^Vl worsteds or cheviots in the newest shades, jj g*J A
$ cloths, worsteds and velvets in light, medium wlM',^^^W I zes or men# c su^ 1 must become you and L\ M, \/\
g and dark .*^coldrings. ;^T^e.s^e good styles hnil®^^^^ fit perfectly, or you cannot take it from -j gf \J^TV — \0
tf that have been selling from $6.00 to $9.00 li!^^^^^^* the store. Unmatchable values at . . *9)1O W%\ \?
g each; beginning this morning and whue rti>;» - iff^^S Other Suite $10 to $30 W\f
* quantity lasts, -your choice at '.t •'"•;• 'Ih W ' , ZH fSjr If
i I M -CVr-: !^'l-^-.V, .-A /• \u25a0'\u25a0 A Long Overcoats $W ml
| Burt St Packard Men* 'S ShOeS These areexcellent values. Cut long and W I
if <^H!^Bfei!b fc r futi Sample Line loose and have broad shoulders and velvet *'/L
E 'ffli^K^vKP- \u25a0 " ywUm %^ 85 sizes at the remarkably low price, each 8)1\/
1 fiffi&mSXM f pair Other Overcoats $12.50 to $33
% ia^^^^^^^^^ Hundreds of pa&s of these famous Burt & Packard New Year's Groceries and Wines — Continued.
S ' "Burrow- Jap" Sho«/BizM 6K. 7 and 7^-a complete Sweet wines-An^ca. Mn»=at e l. Port. Shmy or Cremc de Menthe-Tk. wnum. Smpor^J. pin*.
*^ HcirwltSß&St^ rail and Winter oample Lane, no two pairs alike, lhe Madeira. 5 yn. old. bo«. 50c; case 1 d0z...55.30 75c;quarts $1.40
• s " yer X ' atest *n»pe». both high and low cut and perfect in Qllka Kummel— Genuine, spodal. boL $1.03 Dntty's Malt Whljkv— Bottle 73c
X , - SS5^, every particular, of course, because W Zinfandcl or Sauterne-A good übh wiae. $°!»s?^^T. _* BPOrt^ D \°l M ~$?M
V they are "samples.' If you wear any of these size* lay in a season's SK y^^^4«T% .ga110n".;.... --. 75c California Table » \\\ats—Qi "Cnsta Bliaca
* supply at, a pair ... . . ... 1 . ... ... . . ... HJ-*m**-r**r Maryland Club— Pure Rye. bottle 80c Sourenir Vintagea.
S ;. ' " '" " ; ;- e o^^^ h!n r^.^.. 2 f c A P fe RED WINES
S Our New Year's Offerings ' n zss^ti£&^'&£ T *t?%?: **. s 2*- $ «
Jk W&%9BBTa3t& B BffißßßoTilf*G£ M'*B*6rhff % B*B+ll£&Gl & nlJl 3^ ; cmje 2^¥j* iM% quarts. 65c; case I dozen 37.00
5 WWMBti&&m Laß&SM*J?ir&m %2Sf^(UJIIFIGM^M9*& Quarts. 60c;ca«5l2bodeJ. 57.00 Marjaw. pints. 45c; case 2 'Hea $9.00;
ff r ' 1 , i- \u0084i. i rT , i i-x% i • l-i ii • Club Cocktails— Any kind, bottle.... 51. 15 quart*, 70c; ease I dozen $8.00
a? Here is ahst or Holiday Foods and Drinks at prices which> will interest champion whisky-Gradae. old itEabfe. m«J- ftwkfiaß Bmaundy. qt». si.2S; cue I dn. $12.00
fk* 1 -..1.- • c 1 • I•' t~\ 1* * low* regular, gallon, $3.00: special $2.40
tt every home economist within reach of thi3big store. Quality reigns supieme: pp O rt or shenr-Extra quaKtrSonoma county SAUTERNES
«f Cluster Ralßlns-For the table. 3 crown !b..iac; Jell-O-A-orted flaron, 3 oackase. for .......25c wines. , six yea«^ old: re«uUr. BJkn. $1.50: - . ,-.._, 2.„ -. nft .
2 4crown.lb.. 20c; 5 crown, 1b..25c; l-lb carton. CranberrlesTrCape Cod, best quality. 2 qts... 35c _•***"•" V^IV V"" w"V v •"i^illJ-S, s^'An^T^ff i SSL, <Jozeß "- *I?SA
S 25c; 2-lbcarton. 50c; 5-lb. carton. $1.25; 5-lb. Oranges-Fancy n*r£&*.. 30c; small size. doz. P« r * Rs 2. W ? 1t0k »7^ olll t V^ nn f n i: l>Oe fe.f **S U* T^int ,a£?L 2 A»^ [" sin Wrt- $2?
X . boxes (wood).. ...-....--90c. $1.15. $1.40 20c; b0x.'...: 73c«nd52.90 Vermouth-Imported French and ItaEan. bot. 60c Haut.pmts. 45c; case 2 dozen. $10.00; quarts.
— • ™ ra v w . , . .. .'. - , Z—--. AnnUßotter— ln itow rrncki mcX JJOc • Apricot Brandy— A Tery hlgn grade domestic 80c; case I dozen. $9.00
S Mince Meat-Ataoret. in packages. 3 for 25c; ; tSm^&r^S^ ' ' '"206 ««fial, bom>.... !T' .T?!v.'..51.00 Soarklba. quart.. $1.23: case 1 dozen $12.00
ft iar,6sc,9oc( 2 lbs ........;., .........25c wno^rtoM Rye or Bourbon-Sr^ $1 05 Cotter Whisky-Aged in wood, bottle 75c Chateau Yquem. pints. oOc; caso 2 dozen. $1 2.0O:
t Mince Meat-H«nz.s-Ib .tone crock ...75c RhS^»^&£S&^S^i'^Si P?£t or Sherry-A good quaKty ga110n.... 75c «»«^»W ««> *«. ,\u25a0-,\u25a0 •• *««^O
5 Queen OUves-Large. quart, 40c iiO-ounce bold*. ahdmer. bottfc. $1.00: c«e. 1 doz/T- $10.50 W£ 'b 3 ""^ J ?** M - -£J J* Whlsky-Kentuck, Rn«. stmgnt gooci. guwant^
I jigglg \gM . , : ......,V :.25C Br.ndy-Coo^.goodquaKty.botue.yac,!^ WhUky - Henn.ug, or Old Q*. WJjJ iSS^i&i^^'^'uttiSZ
If . Plum PuddlnkT-G. &D. or Atmore\ It, 22c ••;•••• '"• 'I'"'' ?*'l a \u0084 , ... _, ' dozen $2.40
* dn; 2s, 4octin; 3s, tin ...•-......;. 60c " , (Continued Next Column.) . (Continued Next Column.) Champtlffne— CcU SeJ. CaEfomia's finest grade.
6 Nuts— Mixed, the best quaHty. 2 lbs. i..V..i.. 35c ' = L \u25a0^lii^^^»^^^\u25a0s^^^^^^^^^^^s^^ill^i === ease I dozen bottles. $5.00; sinale bottle. .. 50c
7' *-!.„*.. W 1-^.J lt.K.n J, * :':: ' : \u25a0' " 2Oc : «•« • "\u25ba' \u25a0 » Pmul Msisson's Chsunpwrae— Pints. 80c; case 2
fc Cht^nute-1mp0rted1tahan.1b..............20c p ACCOUIItS doz. pinny $18: qto.. $1.50; ca» 1 doz. $16.00
h .FI.TS-WhiteorblackCaufomia.3 Ib.. 25c nji™ >•) P S7> -mi atWOUUJ Cocktalls-Peerles. brand. botnV 75c
ft . Dates-Stuffed fancy, package ...V \u25a0•••••....10c Delivery / *Y£s JkS —X a ' **- Can Be Oln-A. V. H.. the be* impL Holland, bot. $ ».5O
ft Dates— Fard.lb.. :..:.. ...... .10c Within * JMsf d** MSs\Aij&S fr&SilJX' MMf KM*<. flnpnpH Champairnes— lmported, all of the well-known
£ FIKS-Fancy Smyrna, in baikeU. 35c; l-lb. wooden mV^ S^i ffftt /tIT/ Jl l J \wfT W™ brands-
\ WzMlßzxWM^™' £ *' a£aS?B#=lfc:::SaB
X Popcorn-4 lbs. for 25c MlleS.' CALIFORNIA'S LARGIST-^ ReSpOll- Pommery. pinti. $1.45; case 2 doz $34.20
*» ADDetit Slid?— A holiday delicacy, tin 15c JcV TTo ninjm'W'l. >l JltiM ciMa Pommery, qts.. $2.75; «a«e Idol $32.40
h ' alace Fruit— ln burned wooden boxes; lb. box 60c j na\ va "^m^OSBB^ I^^ AMERICA'S GRAND£ST STORS MUle Veu^e CEquot. pts.. $ 1.55; case 2 doz. ..$36.00
* , 2-1b.b0xJ.......... ...............$l.OO AbOflt It <T People. VeuT«aiq<iot.qta..s3.Oo;cma e l doz .$34.00
yI- _ t \. a ' a j 1 r l \u0084..«.,,,.,.".,....«. '«...'..., a \u0084..,. . *.'*...'...*\u25a0,-.,,*"
<had /not p yet -retired. "I heard five
shots,"/ she said,' "then. one more. The
last was nearer tharKthe first five.
Then.l heard ! stepVas of a man running
tfowhlthe street. and\l Imagined I also
heard him pant.- I heard the gate slam
to, and then there was a . great si
lence. Farther off there was a. noise
of feet and loud shouting. This noise
came nearer. I heard many men run
ning, and they . stopped before the
house They seemed to scuffle with
something and , then a ,man began
to moan. I can't remember, whether
I heard men running oft again,
but I can still hear that ; man moan.
I will always hoar- it. After a
while, when the moaning . had j stopped
and everything' was quiet, I woke my
son and we opened the front -door. A
man lay dead across the gate. He was
lying on his right side, his hand
grasping the- gate as If;' he had- made
a desperate effort to get inside before
he died." - ..
The son who, with his mother, wit
nessed the grisly sight, is now dead,
and Mrs. Andreas wore r heavy crape
veil which she pulled down over .-her
face as she finished her testimony. ;v; v
By 4 o'clock yesterday. the prosecu
tion'and defense both rested on their
cases. To-day testimony- will *be
brought in rebuttal, and then the argu
ments will take place. ; .
MAY SIGN ANOTHER MAN'S
NAME TO RAILWAY TICKET
Precedent Established by a Decision
Rendered by . Court in ;. ;
NcirYork.
• NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The right to
sign, another man's name to \a.irail
road ticket which has been sold by. one
passenger to another was affirmed by
the Supreme Court " here yesterday.
This decision establishes a precedent
in t the exchange of railroad \u25a0 tickets, v
The decision was given by.' Jußtlce
Leventritt in the case of Archibald C.
Newburn, accused of having forged the
name of George E.Whitcomb; to a rail
road ticket. : Whltcomb was ;the origi
nal purchaser of the ticket and sold, it
to Newburn. The ticket was for /a
round trip between New York ' and
Indianapolis "over the .New York : Cen7
tral, - Big Four ; and Lake Shore rail
roads. Newburn was arrested , when , he
signed .Whitcomb's name to. the ticket.
'Justice; Leventritt held that the. mere
sale of the ticket' carried jwith It the
purchaser's right to sign the name of
the man from whom' he bought it. \
J VMEB WHITCOMB HILEY
HONORED. BY TEACHERS
Indiana Poet tbe Sub ject >of Laudatory
Addresses at Indianapolis .Con- .
vcntlon. \u25a0 ,'. ;
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 28.— The ,af ter :
noon session of the Indiana .. State
Teachers' Association to-day ,was :; a
tribute jto James Whltcomb r Rlley. Ad
dresses were; delivered, by Senator Al
bert' J. ""." Beveridge, President Hughes Jof
Depauw" University, Henry Watterson
of Louisville, Ky., and Meredith Nichol
son, 'the author. . Riley was, present and
responded. ; Watterson \ said in • part:, ;•
,; But the other day a famous company. in New
.York , celebrated v the seventieth birthday of .the
most . famous :' of our, prose . writers as we . here
are celebrating: .the noontide of our- great ' and
honored poet, - our neighbor , and friend ; .. and,'
though . I have > fought '--'- throughout my^ /life
against sectionalism in all its forms, 1 1 , cannot
repress \u25a0 a . kind \u25a0of . sneaking . satisfaction \u25a0In i the
thought ' that ; the «•; Bast, having • exhausted i its
supply, - has ' had • to ' come 5 West for a fresh crop
of i poets and', humorists ana novelists— finding
most' of « them. • -.by, the , ; way, in Indiana— even
Howells In Ohio, and the satisfaction rises into
exultation .when 1 1 . reflect that ', the standards of
literature ' of -my country,'' thus "following ?the
star of the empire/ are. ' held by. hands so I stal
wart \u25a0 as ! those ; of , Maik- Twain- and * William
Dean V Howells \. and '-. James . Whltcomb * Rlley,'
with : the Tarkingtons, the \u25a0 Majors, , the \u25a0 Dunnes
and ' the * Ades to bring up \ the \u25a0 supports and
take their places? when they; are 'gone. : . :,
Banker Gets '. Four Years In : Prison.
,7 MANKATO. Minn.. , De.c. 28.^=-Livlng
stone r Quackehbusli,' '«. the banker '-i who
was convicted '; recently^ of if. receiving
deposits \u25a0 in ' his bank -when '] it 'was £ In
solvent,* was. to-day. -sentenced" to" four
y*ar«;lii t the':D«nltentlarjr,\ \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0= \u25a0•>"• ;-;*-'' I
MONEY TAKES
A HIGH FLIGHT
Call Loans in New York Go
Up With Rush to Hundred
and. Twenty-Eive Per Cent
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The call money
market opened strong again to-day. The
first loan reported was $2,800,000 at the
rate of 30 ncr cent per annum, and this
\u25a0was followed almost immediately by an
other loan' of $300,000 at 60 percent. The
advance in the interest rate was sensa
tionally rapid.' From 60 there was a quick
advance to 75, 90 and then 100 per cent.
When , 100 per cent was touched all rec
ords since December, 1899, were broken.
In that year IS6 per cent was paid for call
loans. After landing at 100 per cent to
day there were loans at 90 per cent. The
90 per cent quotation * did not ' last long,
and at 11 o'clock 110 per' cent wa» paid
for funds,' "and - ; shortly afterward a loan
of $400,000 at 125 per cent was reported.'
Although brokers were compelled to'pay
the highest prices in years for cash with
which to carry their stock, there was lit
tle excitement over the situation. Many
Stock ' Exchange houses provided them
selves several months ago with time loans
to carry them over January 1, -.which is a
time when money is always In great de
mand for,, dividends, interest and other
year-end settlements. These time loans
are not afteoted by the call money mar
ket. /\u25a0 • : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0. -' : -\i
Bomo stocks were sold out during the
morning hours, ' principally.; Industrials,
but In the < main stocks ; held well in - the
early \u25a0 trading, considering the market's
usual sensitiveness ' to money conditions.
On' the .Stock Exchange the view was
taken ; that | the stringency Is temporary,'
and . that easier conditions .will prevail
immediately after. January L \u0084". \u0084 .
The demand for money started within
fifteen minutes after the opening of busi
ness.? As a rule nothing is done in money,
until after 11 o'clock. ; To-day, a loan was
ma.de .early at 80 per; cent. : This was re
garded as an effort to keep the rate down.
Immediately 7 afterward bids were raised
between quotations. A request for, accom
modation ; at : 40 per ; cent .brought ' no offer. 1
Then ; the bid was . raised to 50, with 7 no
better results. The next was 60, at which
figure ; a second loan was made, one '.of
$200,000. No more money was offered at
that rate. .The third loan was made at
70 percent. - , .
Then the demand for, money from brok
ers, as a result of, heavy "calling, of loans
by i the :' banks. In order \u25a0to make arrange
ments for ; the January 1 disbursements,
became' urgent-, and. most ..'of ,' them were
apprehensive' as^tb whether they could re
new their loan* at allJ / The call rate then
climbed' rapidly to 80, 90 and 125 per cent.
The top : rate yesterday was 95 per cent.' •
Russell ~i Sage,' through ; his representa
tive," was reported .to have loaned $3,000,
ouo:at-90 to-lOOper, cent. . More than ? the
usual discrimination was shown .by the
banks "t ln .', the collateral accepted by them
forloans; " -_ '.'"\u25a0.'.'\u25a0 . - ;
•Vij The' rate for slxty^ and . ninety day , loans
to-day was :6 per cent,' and a commission,
making ; such : loans really equivalent ', to 9
percent." 'By noon the demand for money
seemed •> to" have ; been largely supplied." *< ,
i" Toward 1 o'clock , the demand for funds
seemed- : to^haye been", pretty !welli>satis
fled *' and / money Iwas ' lent at ' 60 , per cent.'
Just as soon as | the money tension seemed
to ;\u25a0 have/been j relieved I the > stock ' market
started ,to ; ! advance,'-, led j by/a sensational
movement •in "Anaconda. .This . stock \ rose
"rapidly £ tb'i 275 t Vag"alnst ." 239 (earlier Jln the"
day.'; There .was ' no '; definite! news t to t ex
plain this -advance,: except | the? reports of
a i rich "strike" In • the' company's . mines." 7
ARMY COURT
TRIES TAYLOR
Sergeant Butler Describes
His Humiliation by the
Lieutenant in a Theater
Special Dispatch to The Call.
•'NEW; YORK, Dec 28.— Lieutenant Roy
L Taylor, One Hundred and Twenty-fifth
United States Coast Artillery, was tried
by court martial In the army building,
Whitehall street, to-day on the charge
that he had compelled an enlisted man
to change his seat in a theater so, that
he would not be directly in -front, of the
lieutenant and ladles. -: The - technical
charge was conduct prejudicial to good
order and discipline. Ths decision of the
court will be submitted to General ' Grant
to-morrow. , \u25a0 . - : *\u25a0''
Coming, as It did,' on s the .heels of the
campaign begun by, the. Army, and Navy
League to compel theater managers' to
allow reputable, well-appearing soldiers
and sailors access to any part of a the
ater, the trial » was ; watched \u25a0 throughout .
the country. '. .-
Sergeant Butler testified* to-day that he
heard a voice- In 'his ear: *. - ; .
"Sergeant, you had better change your
seat." \u25a0 . ' -I- '\u25a0,'-".. .\u25a0.•'•\u25a0-" '1. T : : '"
He half turned, to v see, Lieutenant .Tay
lor with several" women.': The lieutenant
was In civilian " evening \ dress; the < ser
geant wore his uniform. ;- He said: ;
"Lieutenant, I. paid Jl 50 for this seat.
All the rest are sold; I can't get another
seat." V: " \u25a0 -'
"Yes you can,", was the answer. ."Take
Wb Hundreds of patterns, embracing all the well- |p
|fi known weaves. Low prices prevail. m
pTAPESTRYc BRUSSELS- Designs; suitaMe ftp^ H
p"| for any room In the house ; an excellent grade ; choice h *YP jfetj
I^l colorings; with or without border. Per yard UUU fi^i
M t PEERLESS BRUSSELS— A choice selection of this | f
W'i well-known weave, both in Oriental and Floral f* "f 1 / J j
pVJ designs ; suitable -for any room in the house ; with X f */*% P | 1
fjM or without* border. Peryard.. + ... .. U I / \£A
M BODY BRUSSELS— A weave that win stand the test M
¥m of time; choice designs, both Oriental and Flo- A| |ft J / p'-i
&M ral ; suitable : for parlor, living-room and hall ; V I I / I J
with or without, border. Per yard .... \j\%\ L / fc'j
m INLAID LINOLEUM The kind that goes aj nr I, j
m% dear through to the back; .in tile effects. Per \| /*l $7]
%t^ 5qyare^yard.; ...:......... \Jll£m\J l[:4
your coupon to the box offics and th«y
will give you another Beat."
Ha got a seat on the other sld« of tha
house.
"Were you commanded to do this?**
asked Camain BkarreL
"No, sir; but as he was my commanding
officer I thoug-h: I had better comply."
"What words did he use?"
"Tan had better/"
Lieutenant Taylor testified that he had
only wished to keep a family party to
gether and had told the sergeant that his
asking him to change his seat was not
an order, but a personal request. He had
thought the matter ended until Butler
had written a letter of complaint. He
said It was furthest from his mind to
embarrass the sergeant.
"Would you have made the same re
quest of a citizen?" asked Captain Sker
ret.
"Yes." was tha answer.
"Suppose you were sitting In a theater
and the sergeant asked you to change,
what would you do?"
'1 don't know-^-er— a— I suppose 1 would
suit my own convenience."
Questions on .cross-examination tn this
line "finished the- examination andth*
taking - of , testimony soon ended.
O^K-THIRI> OF* DEATHS
; ' < DUB TO COXSITSIPTIOir
Xrnnbn of Victim* of the Disease ta
, New rorfc State Is la
• j ; ' creating-.
• ALBANY, N. V.. I>ee. 28. — Dr. Eu
gene L. 'Portar, State Commissioner of
Health, is preparing: to^take a oensois
of the consttaaptlves pti the State. The.
primary object .of "this undertaking: Is
,to stamp out' this. disease or to reduce
ithVnumber of fatalities to a minimum.
Dr.- Porter's attention was directed
to this matter review of th*
State j records, .which . show that fullr
a, third of all deaths in the State &r«
due to 'tuberculosis. „
The New-York. City list of eon»urap
tives- seema to be "increasing, accord-
Ins to-* daily, reports./ '
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
GOVERNOR PARDEE URGES
EDUCATION FOR BOYS.
Tells Farmers Their
Sons Go Forth
Unripe.
Chief Executive Says
Young Men Need
Schooling.
Protests Against Taking
Youth Away From
BERKELEY, Dec. 2S.— With the eye of.]
an •xpert. Dr. A. C. True of the agrl- .
cultural department at Washington, D. C I
haa surveyed the field for agricultural
instruction in California and to-day read ] '
a paper on tha subject before the joint :
\u25a0Msion of the State Farmers' Institute j
and tha nature study department of the 1
Teachers' Association. He discussed the {
work of the agricultural experiment sta- !
tlons which are in his charge as a Gov- '
emment official; gave a summary of con
ditions In the East, where agricultural
Instruction is concerned; recommended
co-operation of all bodies or persons In- |
terested In agricultural study; suggested :
tha organization of more such institutions
as the Polytechnic School at San Luis
Oblspo, calling them secondary schools,
and urged patience In the matter of de
ciding whether elementary agricultural
Instruction is feasible.
Governor Pardee read a paper before
the Joint session, dealing with statistics |
that show how comparatively few boys
of California graduate from grammar
or high school?, arguing that the failure
to continue ie school until graduation
deprives boys of discipline, leaving them
measurably lawless and liable to become
criminally worthless, as Is evidenced by
the crowth of crime among the young
men of the State. Governor Pardee stated
the facts and suggested that the expert
educators present consider the problem
Involved, incidentally asking that the
farmers keep their boys In school as long.
•as possible because euch schooling will
tend to make them more contented with
farm life, less liable to drift to the city,
ivhere temptation awaits them, and be
cause Justice to the boys demands that:
they have such school opportunities.
In the afternoon Professor E. W. Hil
grard, authority on soil problems, revered
for his long term of service to the State
and esteemed for his great ability as a
foil expert, spoke on the best means of
utilizing the depth of our soils.
PLEADS FOR THE BOYS.
Governor Pardee used figures to show
how boys leave the schools In. increasing
numbers as the higher grades are
reached,. his remarks on this phase of his
subject, being as follows:
Tb«-e'must be something wrong wnen the
184. 436 boys and girls in th» pfrus.ry grades
dwindle away to 301,228 in the grammar
grades; ther« is something wrong when the
average 24,394 boys and 21.715 girls per
primary grade dwindle down to an average of
IO,GSI beva and 10.1C4 atlrls per grammar
grade; there is something wronr when tbe
average excess of boy* over girts of 2&79 per
primary grade entirely disappears in the
grammar grades, to be replaced by an aver
ags excess per grade of eighty-three girls.
The figures are not to be had to prove it. bat
it i« Kafe to say that the jrreateat lots of
boj-8 and girls occurs in the higber jrrades of
the grammar schools; and that the boys, the
very one* who "ne*d most' the discipline of the
schools, quit them before they should.
Making due allowances for increase in popu
lation, deaths, poverty, removals and what
net is It not a startling and a shameful thing
\u25a0 that of 20.000 boys who probably began in the
rrtraary schools nine years ago, only 4500 went'
through the grammar •chools? What became
of the 15,50 C» beys who did not graduate
from- the grammar schools? And what be
came of the 19.000 boys who thirteen years ago
entered the primary echools and did not grad
uate from tbe high schools? Of the 20,000
boy* who probably entered the primary school*
nine year* ago. only 22', per cent graduated
from th* crammer »chool«. Why did not the
other 77 1u per cent compl*te the course?
What has become of our boys? Only a
srnrill percentage of thern«acqu!re that disciple,
a important. I think as m<*re book learning.
Too many of our farmert. think that they can
rot soar* th» boy from farm work for all
the years in which he should be at school. "I
n«pfl htm nn the farm," . they cay; and then
they wonder wtiy the boy is eagtr to leave the
c country, where his work apparently • receives
do recognition, to go to the cities, where he
ran cam and epeaA men* wages, such wages
ar to him appear magnlfioent.
I wtab that something more could be done
for the country schools. I wish that our 'farm
ers could realize that for their boys and girls
long school yearn and many of them are neces
sary and that as it is the farmer's business to
tiU the farm I from which jb« allows nothing
to distract . his attention co his boss and
daughter* should have no other business to
attend to than their schools. I wish that our
farmer* could realise how necessary the echoo 1
discipline is and when they do so reailze on*,
strtog element that will operate to keep the
country boys and girls at home will have beea
achieved.
Dr. ; A; C. True's paper on "A System
of Agricultural Education for California"
was In part as follows:
The rradnate end undergraduate instruction
in the College of Agriculture should be on a
nar with that in the other colleres cf tha
university, and should have for Its purpose
the preparation of the leader* la agricultural
progress, the invertigatorsi, teachers. State of
ficial*. «dttor* and managers of great agri
cultural enterprises. In the graduate Instruc
tion foeclsl etrees should be laid on the die
tinctire agricultural Interests of th» . State.
For example, California University might nat
trally be expected to have a strong gradu
ate department of horticulture. . ,
OccaeJonaUy we hear persons advocating th»
separation of the College of Agricajture I from
the university, but this usually proceeds from
a mistaken idea regarding the functions of an
agricultural college or from an lenoranw of
the present tendencies of higher education
in sericulture In this country. As . tre,' shall
«c* Ut*r on. I shall endeavor to meet the plea
fcr more wactlcal instruction In agriculture
fey advocating the establishment of secondary
schools in which agriculture shall be bo taught
as to mm.bors'^faoe»-tO'tl»K-farm«.-But then
we shall need the College of Agriculture at
the university all the more to train the teach
! ers for these secondary schools. Besides men
studying agriculture in a thorough way need
to be brcuefct into contact with men atudy
. ing ob other lines. Tha besit development of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stomach Diseases
CAN BE CURED BY USING
A Harmless, Powerful Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians
One $1.00 Bottle, Free
on receipt of this advertisement
with 25 cents to pay postage and
packing. Sold by leading druggists.
ROT ttMUINE WITHOUT Hf «IOI«MV« O« U«Ei:
Good until . \u0084 *« %
Only one CkSaS^ JXo&fixMA^^
sample to jp \t \ » \u25a0
a laaily.
«1 o PRINCE ST., NEW YORK
WKTC FOII fllti' BOOKLET ON MTiOKM. TKEATMEKT
Of MSEAt
- ACTHORITT bON SOIL PRODTTCTS --4
WHO ADDRESSED THE FARM- J
ERS' INSTITXTTE TESTERDAT. |
agriculture will go hand in hand with the
best development of other industries ana so
cial and leeal Institutions. .
O>*liY ONE COLLEGE. .
In this connection it is well to remember
that there Is only one purely agricultural col
lee* in the United States. Mo»t of the aeri
cultural and mechanical colleges approximate
the State universities In the range of - taeir
courses of instruction. This Is particularly true
of the most euccessful airrlcultural colleges. |
In the early days varioun circumstances lea 1
to the establishment of the so-called aert- >
cultural colleges in a number of States as 1
separate Institutions, but this movement has |
Bpent its force and the tendency now is ,
toward consolidation ot higher education In
various llnea In broad institution*.- Lately
two of the agricultural colleges have become
State universities. Some of our more oopu
lous and wealthy States may develop their
agricultural and mechanical colleges Into sec
ond Stata universities, and this has- actually
occurred In Indiana. Moreover, agricultural
education and research have of late been put
on a ctrons: footing in a number of univer
sities, notably In Illinois, Ohio, Wisconsin.
Minnesota, Missouri. Nebraska and New lork,
thua destroying the argument that agricultural
instruction cannot prosper In a university.
In view of these things California should
esteem herself fortunate In having already
consolidated public higher education In \u25a0 her
State University, and the friends of agricul
tural education should rally round the Col
lege of Agriculture of the university and help
to make it in every way worthy of the vast
agricultural interests and possibilities of this
"'in addition to the agricultural college! a
number of rural high echools should be estab
lished in which agriculture the sciences
related thereto should be leading subjects of
instruction. Tbes« achools should be equipped
with laboratories, shops and taxvas.^^ The in
struction in agriculture should be both theo
retical and practical, bnt with thft special aim
of sending out men and women well equipped
for successful careers ob the farms. It Is bet
ter not to make, these schools exclusively ag
ricultural. Course* In manual training and
domestic arts ehould tie provided, as well a«
ra , th« subjects ordinarily taught in high
&cliools> \u25a0 '
The regular course for graduation should oc
cupy four years, and agricultural subjects
chould constitute about otic- third of the curri
culum. Provision should also -be made for
Ehorter and special courses, especially courses
of two or three years, in which practical In
struction will b« given right of. way, Gradu
ates in agricultural courses should be admitted
to the college of agriculture of the university,
proper credit being given them for their attain
ments In agricultural itudie*. v •-
The teachers of agricultural subjects In these
rural high schools snould be graduates of agri
cultural colleges. And the teachers of otlwr
subjects . should be selected with. special refer
ence to their knowledge and love of rural life.
In general every effort should be made to
create in these echools an atmosphere favorable
to rural life and pursuits..
The number of these scnools will «ventually
depend on the demand for education of this
character in the rural communities. I am in
clined to think that under present conditions
tha county Is too small a tmit. It will b« bet
ter to hare fewer schools, since it is desirable'
to have a good sized faculty, ample equipment
and relatively large attendance in each of these
•chools.
California. already, has, one each school, the
Polytechnic School at". San Luis Obispa ,Thls
now has an enrollment of 100 students. \u25a0 It
four or Sva additional i-choola of this kind were
established and properly located with reference
to transportation facilities and regional differ
ences, probably the needs of the rural popula
tion of California In this direction would be
sufficiently met for a number of years. .
In a. few States agricultural high schools hay»
been established In connection with the agri
cultural colleges. .
Besides agricultural courses in special rural
high schools. It would be well for ''union dis
tricts" and city high schools located near rural
communities to Introduce instruction In nature
study and agriculture, just ac they are Intro
ducing manual' training and domestic arts.
This would ordinarily mean that at least. on*
agricultural- college graduate should be • added
to the faculty and a garden and other facilities
I for agricultural instruction ehould.be provided
] at the school. . Many villages and cities of
California are very largejy dependent for their \u25a0
prosperity on the farms, orchards , and vine
yards by : which they are surrounded.:: It is
highly absurd and shortsighted for these com
munities to make their high schools centers of
instruction in all sorts of subjects. relating to
urban Industries and professions and to utterly
neglect to give instruction - tending to make
the agriculture and horticulture on which their
very existence depends more highly and perma
nently remunerative.
XOIOfAIi SCHOOLS ADVISED. •;
The normal schools will also find it desirable
to give attention. to the training of teachers In
agricultural subjects as supplementary to -what
they are already doing in what is ordinarily
called nature study, which in fact is more or
lees closely related to agriculture. -Teachers
for the rural schools may be prepared to 'give
Instruction in the elements of agriculture by
the combined efforts \u25a0 of the ': normal schools, \u25a0
rural high schools and : agricultural colleges
through special or summer courses at the high
schools and coTTcge to supplement the peda
gogical instruction at the normal school?, .
Tha latroducti on of effective instruction .In
\u0084\u25a0-'\u25a0".-\u25a0. •-. . \u25a0- \u25a0"«.•"\u25a0'\u25a0 '" \u25a0 ' \u25a0 '\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0
THE: SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1905;
agriculture Into ths rural common schools 1*
undoubtedly attended with great difficulties.
Nevertheless, since about 05 per cent ofitfas
rural children do not get beyond the common
schools, it is highly important that a serious
and sustained effort should be made to make
these schools instrumental in tho broadening
and uplifting of farm life\and the greater pros
perity of agriculture and horticulture through
out the State. Legislation . relating to these
schools should permit and encourage Instruction
in nature study and agriculture. Experiments
1 in :«ucft. instruction should be -made under; as
favorable conditions as possible. Advances in
this direction, however Imperfect, should be
foeterad*; Patience In jdeajang-.wlth. this prob
lem should tod exercised by teachers, school of
ficers and patrons .of >• the scnools. t
Dr. • True's paper, was discussed by A.
L. Cowell of Stockton, Professor E. J.
Wickson and Professor C.J^.Waodworth;
Professor E. .W. Hilgard addressed the
Farmers' '.lnstitute *\u25a0 in the ' afternoon on
the subject of soils. He had not prepared
a paper on the subject, but spoke from
a long and varied experience in dealing
[with soil problems, soil analysis and soil
i study. ; He quoted -often from his •new
I book on "Soils," which is now. In : tbe
I publisher's hands In New York, • when he
desired to use technical information on
the- subject.'- The- farmers who listened
were given valuable expert advice regard
ing the means to be adopted in making
the best and most .-. valuable use of the
depths. of California soils. . . •
"The Future of Irrigation In California"
was discussed at length by Professor 8,
Fortier.
1 3. B. Neff, conductor of Farmers' In
stitutes \u25a0\u25a0 in Southern California, spoke* of
"The Teachings of Experience in Irriga
tion." Miss Alice F. Crane discussed
"Some Practical Aspects of Seed Test
ing."
At 4 o'clock Professor Osterhaut of tho
botany department of the University of
California gave an hour's demonstration
of simple methods of studying soils, bac
teria, growing plants.v etc. - -\\v '^J:vv
LIBRARIANS IN SESSION.
i BERKELEY, Dec. 28.— The Library
Association or California held Its sec
ond meeting of the present \u25a0" annual
session in the Unitarian church' this
morning, when two papers were .read.
Frank' P. Bunker of the State Normal
School of San Francisco spoke on the
subject, "Should the State Texts Be
Supplemented? If so, how, 'and to
what -extent?" A; discussion of th«
paper was participated in by- Robert
Furlong, secretary California State
Text-Book Committee, 5 "Sacramento;
Miss Minnie Coulter, County Superin
tendent of Scho6ls. "Sonoma '« County;
Miss Mabel E. Prentlas, librarian Po
mona library; J. W. Linscott. ' County.
Superintendent 'of Schools. Santa Cruz
County; H. W. Fairbanks, Berkeley. ,
Frank B. Cooper, City Superintend
ent of Schools of Seattle, read a paper;
oh' tHe Subject, | "Is There \u25a0a' Need • for
Instruction- in 'Library ' Methods by the
Normal Schools and" .Universities?"
Those taking part In the discussion of
the ' paper were Dr. Jessie y 8..:. A11en,
State Normal School,' Los Angeles; l : J.
C. Rowell, librarian University of Cali
fornia; Melvln G. Dodge, librarian
Stanford University: L. p. Harvey,
Wisconsin.;'. ."*'."' "5 ';. "-"--"" \ r " ' ;
WOMAN'S SA"b' END.
S BERKELEY, , Dec. - 28.-—-The body ( of
Mrs. ilartha Avery lies In charge" of
Deputy Coroner, ;Streightif, while the
authorities await word from her:rela
tives In Tucson, Ariz., "and Pueblo,
Colo., j j regarding j Its ! disposition. , \u25a0 Mrs.
Avery C died : at the "Alta> Bates \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. Sanl
tarli^m last] Monday -from ; the "effects' 6i
pneumonia, aggravated by a wanton at
tack , upon . her by a" drunken, ; maniacal
son, William Avery. > The sontprofesses
toi have;, no.'iitioney to pay.^ for his
mother's funeral. - j," *' .\u25a0>\u25a0
A RUED FACTIONS I GATHER- U C
IN THE TENNESSEE HILLS
Double Tragedy on Chrlatiuos Reaulta
\u25a0 *in Terrible ; Feud Wear \u25a0 Vlreinla-
BRISTOL, -Va.,. pec." k 23.— News, reached
Bristol to-rday,,,of .a;.* double j*; tragedy
enacted >. oh- Christmas evepiing^ at
Bertha, Tenn.,? near. the Vlrginla-TfinV'
nessee'Jihe,i resulting, in: the, deaths of
Roscoe: Nichols and the fatal. wounding!
of j Silas ; Green, f which v has % given s rise
to a condition 4n,;that section .bordering
on atstate^of war^ . ; ;.. ' ' : > ,
A.d ispatch .to-nlght.Bays 'there are
6. .hundred warmed men in .the, moun
tains \u25a0; following J ; leaders :Xrom '•\u25a0 amon^"
; the friends of 'ylhejdead; andf: wounded
men and that a conflict I seems : certain.
During the day both factions have been
gathering arms and ammunition *
LIFE STRUGGLE
WITH THE TIDE
"With Leg and Arm Broken by
\u25a0 .Fall Sailor Lies for Hours
; With Waters Creeping Up
EftSCUE COMES IN TIME
When Found He Was Partly
Submerged;and All Would
Have jßeeri^ Over Shortly
OAKLAND, Dec. 28. — Half in . and
half ~out of the water, with one leg
and one arm broken, William Colqu
houn, 1 ' r a sailor, 69, years of age, was
found. "about 1 o'clock .this morning ly
ing on the rocks beside Long. Wharf,
having fallen off in the darkness. It
wast several hour's before he was able
to attract the attention of any one, .and
in tha meantime the turning -tide
threatened to still his cries, forever.
He drew himself up on the rocks as fan
as ' he could, but even here the rising
Svaiers cpvered half his body when he
was rescued.. - .•".'-«'\u25a0"\u25a0 -'••". ."V 1 '•-; :-*",-»\u25a0.
.-"\u25a0< He belonged to, the "ship Hampton,
which is lying alongside of the wharf
taking a cargo of wheat . aboard, and
started out to the ship shortly after
dark. He says 'that "he stumbled over
a tie on his way out and went over
the trestle. The: rocks have been
thrown Into the water by the side of
the trestle preparatory to filling in. the
space between Long Wharf— and > the
mole, and but for this he would have
groneintd ithe water 'and : probably
drowned. The fall itself was not more
than twelve or fifteen feet,, but the
rocks cut his flesh and broke his bones.
He has no Idea of how long he! had
lain there before j he . came to himself,
but when he regained consciousness
the waves were splashing in his face.
The" night was dark, but he could see
the lighted trains going back and forth
on the mole with; people : and he at
tempted to attract" their attention. The
roar: of the -engines and their whistles
drowned his cries, ' and it' was only
after midnight when all was still ;that
the engineer of a dredger-heard his
ehout and' started out in search. ;It
was with difficulty that he located the
man in the darkness, but finally found
him and, taking him into his boat,
took him to the mole and had him sent
to the Receiving Hospital He was at
tended by DrY George 'Heinle, and after
his bones had been set seemed to be
little the worse for his wetting.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
AGED "WOMAN DlES.— Martinez, D«c. 28.—
James McN'amaTa,' one of the, founders ot Mar
tlnei, died to-day at the- age of-. 67^ years.
-JURY IMPANEL.ED.— Martinez, Dec 28.—
A Grand Jury was impaneled - t to-day, : with
George Ward foreman, Volney Taylor secretary
and' Frazier Ridgeway expert.
DRUGGIST IS FlNED.— Oakland,. Dec. 28.—
W A Maxwell, a' druggist at 4104 Piedmont
avenue, was fined $25 to-day by Police Judge
Smith for selling liquor to a minor.
: i FIR& -'SCARE MN I HOTEL:— Oakland, Dec.
j 28. Smoke "blown back« f rom \u25a0 a /grate this
afternoon caused. a fire at the.Waldorf Hotel.
1229 Broadway." "An alarm- was' sounded. No
!•' dtmage was" done. • . •\. \u25a0 . •;\u2666-.'"
° BOY STEALS PAPERS.— Oakland. Dec. 2B.
George Mutthiessen, 15 years old, was. arrested
this morning for , stealing twenty-one news
papers that had been placed ' at Eleventh street
I and Broadway ready for distribution. - •
'QUARREL. OVER RlNG.'— Oakland, Dec. 28.
Michael McCarthy, a saloon-keeper, has .been
tnade defendant in search' warrant proceedings
in the-. Police Court brought by J. W..Her
uandes t 0 recover a diamond ring. McCarthy
said ho held the circlet aa security for 55 he
loa ned Kate Jackson. '
KEHOB CHARGED -WITH MURDER.—Oak
land ' Dec 28. ; — The Coroner's jury in the 'case
of George S. Beddell. who .was stabbed : to
death in a room at a lodging-house kept by
Mrs Katy Taylor at Sl5 Market . street, to
night found that he had been murdered and
charged Thomas Kehoe with the crime. 'v:; ; :;
COSTEL.LO IS INNOCENT.— OakIand, Dec
28 John Costello was recently < arrested on a
charge of having robbed - Joseph < Jacobs .-• six
months ago, but I to-day he was discharged in
tho Police Court when lie proved that he
at Seventh and Union streets,, in West Oak
land/ when the robbery was committed at the
head of Lake Mersltt. .
SL.EDGB STRIKES HIB HEAD.— Oakland,
Dec 23.— John -McCabe, living at 136 Missis
sippi street, San Francisco, was struck on the
head this morning with a twenty-five pound
sledgehammer without serious injury, his scalp
being but slightly cut. He was holding a drill
when he was struck and it is supposed the
Wow glanced., v . :;-; -v;' •" fi\j
' BODY IDENTIFIED"— Oakland, Dec. 2S.—
TUlle Kumm, who was employ©* at 1499 Har-.
rtfeon street as a domestic and who died at tha
Providence Hospital Christmas day, : has been
Identified by "her kinsman, Charles Retzless
of 1048 ' Sixt y-second street. The body was
held at a local undertaking parlor.- Coroner
Mehrmann will hold an inquest.
- MORGUE HORSB ELECTROCUTED.— Oak-
Iands D*c. 28.— -' 'Old, Jack." the white horse
that has been attached - to : the dead wagon of
the Morgue for | almost twenty, years.' is . dead.
As he was being led to a blacksmith shop he
stepped on a live wire that had fallen at
Tenth and Jefferson street* and he fell under
,1000 .volts of electricity. His death was almost
instahtaneous. ...
* CENTRAL CLUB ELECTS OFFICERS. —
Alameda, : Dec. \u25a0 2S. — Officers have ; been elected
by the I Central Improvement Club to serve for
next year as follows: President, W. H. Xoy;
first vice president, E. A. Kober; second* >lee
president,' H. J. Dahitls; secretary. B. F. LVam
born - treasurer, Charles Banta. 7 The. club has
placed- itself. on record as favoring the opening
o* the itldal canal; to 'navigation. .
1- DR CHALMERS I LAID .TO REST.— Niles,
Dp o. 28.— Th« funeral -of Dr. George y-V.
Chalmers, a well-known physician and • health
Officer 6t Nlles. f who^. died Tuesday :at the
Southern Pacific x Railroad Hospital pin »;\u25a0 San
Francisco,- aged 87-years, was held at 2 p.m.
to-day, from the family, residence; here,-Inter
ment being in Decoto. The deceased^ was a
rc€mb*r of the Masons," 1 Odd ; Fellows and Elks.
He leaves a wife : and an infant child. /
NARROWLY- ESCAPES. DEATH.— Oakland,
Dee 28. — John | Floras, residing; at Eighth and
Goes streets, :In > West Oakland, - had ja. , narrow
escape from death ;this morning, when a small
boat in' which he > was - returning Ito j the/= shoro
from" a duck; blind off r* the ; ; Sixteenth-street
shore' capsized. : f Floras '\u25a0. climbed -on - the bottom
ot the overturned boat and after a long struggle
In the rough water reached the' shore and was
taken to hU home Inan exhausted condition. '«
- J J< . E. 'iM ASON ; DIES iIN MEXlCO.— Alameda* :
Dec. 25.— J.ohn ! E. Mason, 'formerly a promi
nent' resident* •bf' ! this:' clty.r: died*, Tuesday in
the City .of I Mexico. ;. He i_ was I at ; one . time a
large owner of local realty and .'ten year3'ago
was ,'& candidate for City - ; Trustee. - Mason . is
eun'lved by * his • widow, now > resident >in San
Frantisco.f and ;a daOghter,' £Mrs: --\u25a0. Frederick
Palmer, wlf«? of a surgeons In: the? English
army*" ln'lndlaw? Mason's body- -will be interred
at^Greenwood Cemetery, 1 - New vTork. • ;•
" MRS. MEAD^ LAID -AT :-_: -_ REST.— Oakland,'
Dec. i 2S-— The funeral : of : Mrs.^ Louis ; R. ; Mead,
the' wife •of •; L." ; R. V Mead, y th« '. proprietor -; of
Byron springs, •\u25a0 who died Bunday,-- vu ; held ' at
2 p.' tar to-day from the : Church of ; the Advent
in East Oakland, the services being \u25a0- conducted
by the Rev. Edgar F. : Gee. > rector, of St* John's
-Eplscoral I Chiirch. " The . pallbearers -were '• Wil- i
4iamvßray/ H. C."' Jenkins. " A! -L. 'White; S H. L."
stogers," Charles ~Trifler,: ! Dr. >"-Bruce-'" Foulkea,
Samuel M. Shortrldg«} and ? G*orge <• P.' Sperry.
Vhe i Mmains were • Interred In • Meuntain ;,View
"Pemetery; : 7 \u25a0 '''' '\u25a0\u25a0i-'l :":: \u25a0": •:;."\u25a0* \u25a0'J^7 i V '\u25a0:
- MARRIAGE LlCENSES.— Oakland, ' Dec. \ 28.
The --- following marriage \ licenses - s were .Issued
by. .^the County.^; Clerk < to-day : " John L. ; " du
France Jr.; 23, ; and > Marguerite \ H.^ Smith, " 17,'
both of ; Oakland!;: Raymond!. G.-;- Morgan. -31,"
Point.* Richmond, 2 and *; Annie;: L,'
Santa Rosa ; Francis ; E." Gilmore, 21; V and Emily
. Rumford, ' iiS, •' both' ; of 5 Oakland i- ' Frank • * ; ,W.'
Overton, 83, ;an<i .Bjorghlld:M. Maljre,Vl9, : both
of Oaklaadi * George Wolfert, j 45, ; and Hulda
Roth, \u25a0 25, 1 both lof * Oakland c Re üben jC' Taylor,
43, sMlna.-N'ev.; and Mabel A-l Smith. 33,1 Oak
land ; : Felix." J.: Adamlna, 2%' and Mario Efcgers,
MISERY MAKES
THEM FRIENDS
Husjbaiid Gives This Excuse
for; Devotion io a Woman
Other Than Lawful Spouse
SAYS WIFE'S LOVE , DIED
F. A: Reynolds' Companion in
Sorrowfls iHerself the Vie-
Marriage
OAKLAND. Dec. 28.-^Wlth a. companio|
more $ agreeable ; to ' him , than Tits wife^,
whose, love *has grown , cold, F. A. Rey
nolds,- al'teachera 1 ' teacher of home j decorating, ; de
fends"'himself ; in ttie 'course he has taken
in a letter read in 'evidence to-day in' the
trial; of *a divorce suit brought against ,
him, by Adeline* Reynolds of Berkeley. 1
The "husband' Is" at ] present* at Santa
I Maria, where 'he says he'ls in a state, of
nervous collapse," and has asked the court j
to look out for his interests and make his j
wife prove the accusations she" has made |
| against' htm. ' . -__ •
Mis. Reynolds herself" took the stand
and "; produced a .letter written to their
daughter Lela, in which the father says:
Can.it be. Tottie. that . you are the author
ot such a terrible- letter to your papa, who has
always tried to ' be so good . to his children?.]
You blame me wrongly. . I -have no-'eJccuses to (
make. Mamma tired of me and left my bed.
My. heart; was brcken and night after night I
\u25a0went; to;bed .with tears In my eyes. Finally
I found some ' one in deep ' trouble as I, and
It was so' easy, for us to learn to Care for each
other." She U- so goad to me, and If aver I
have- an :ache. or Pftln.it just seems _as if she ;
car.not do enousjh -for mo. -" . ."
We travel together as ;brother and sister.
She has her room and Ihav» mine. \u25a0 She has
seen lots • of." trouble by 'being ' mtemated with
a drunken husband. She , longed for a com
panion; So did- 1. j Mamma cast me aside and
now I am a free man, dnd as* eoorr as the
law will pernilt " we will be married. -
I will not say a, word against- your mamma,
although i she ruined my life and robbed ; me
ot; a home,' She tis. to blame for It all and
I will say. so tothe last moment I' live, "r lt
was "all through her Insane - Idea \u25a0 that "the
wanted to be free from the marriage state.
A telegram was then introduced, alleged
to have been sent by Reynolds to a Mrs.
R. M. Thompson, in which he tells her to :
come by the first train to Oakland, and
asking her if she is in need of money.
This -is the woman Mrs. Reynolds say 3
her^husband is traveling with. In be
half of her husband, however, Mrs. Rey
nolds # is • being examined ; as . to the
charges made by him that she deserted
him. Near the noon hour, the witness
gave way to tears and an adjournment
-was taken until to-morrow afternoon at
'.:..* : \u25a0
BRILLIANT
AFFAIR AT
CLAREMONT
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
' : OAKLAND, Dec.' 28.- : — For some' time past
Dam»'Grundy:has had her 'eagle eye on Miss
Apphla Vance, for there were suspicions and
rumors of suspicions that the little god of
love had successfully Invaded .the Webster
street mansion, and to-day the rumors .were
verified" At "a charming afternoon affair, at
\u25a0the home of Mrs. C. B. Parcells, Miss Vance
formally announced her engagement to William
O Morgan, a resident of Oakland, but engaged
id business on the other side. The Vahces,
though among the wealthy people of Oakland,
have never carad mucb for society, taking a
much mow active Interest in church and chari
' table affairs. Miss Vance is a cultured girl
:and has traveled considerably.. - .
1 The luncheon guests to-day were Mrs. Frank
j Parcella, Mrs. F. M. Greenwood, Mrs. Dr."
BrinkeihofC. Mrs. Edward Holmes of San
; Francisco, Miss Ruth Palmer of Fruitvale,
Mis* Helen Powell, Miss Eva Powell. Miss An
nie Flint. Miss Besaie Reed, Miss Vance and
the hostess. _ ' ' \u25a0'..\u25a0'
The Claremont Club house was aglow from
basement to eaves to-night, the lights from
many windows gleaming through the stormy
nixht like beacons of joy. Inside the scene
was one of the moat brilliant yet seen In the
clubhouse. It was the occasion of Mrs. A. L.
Stone's 'dinner dance and the ' 100 : guests were
disposed at email tables in- fours, beneath a.
canopy of Christmas garlands. Mrs. Stone's
sister. Miss Havemeyer, was formally intro
duced to society this evening.
In the brilliant throng of fashionables were
Mr. and Mrs. Lacy Brayton, Mr. . and Mrs.
Charles Wlngate, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Macdon
ald, Mr. and Mrs. George W. McNear Jr.. Mr.
and Mrs. Samuel Hubbard Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
W.-R. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Eng
lish Magee. Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowles, Mr.
and Mrs Roy Macdonald. Mr. and Mrs. Egbert
Stone Mr. and Mrs. Robert S. Knight, Mr.
and Mrs. Roland Letts Oliver, Mr. and Mrs.
Hcry Meek, Mr. and Mrs. Edson Adams,. Mr.
and Mrs. Norman Lang, Mrs. J. C. y Tucker,,
Mrs Orestes Pierce. Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Sher
wood Mr. and Mrs. Robert . M. Fitzgerald, Mr.
and Mrs. . Harry East Miller, Mr. and Mrs.
George ' L. King and Mr. and Mrs. George
Mi3s Claire Chabot, Miss May Coogan, Miss
Gertrude Gould, Miss Emily Checkering, Miss
Arline Johnson, Miss Ruth Kales, Miss Rose
Kales Miss Carolyn Oliver, Miss Anita Oliver,
Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss Elsa Schilling, Miss
Chrissie Taft, Mies Abba Church, Miss Eliza
beth McNear, Miss Amy McKee, : Miss Violet
Whiting, Mlsa Ethel Crellin, . Miss • Marietta.
Havens, Miss Jean Howard and Mr. and Mrs.
William Babco'ck , Hubbard. v \u2666 \u25a0 .
• Mf ssrs- Paul Miller, Roger Chlckering. Hor
ace Miller, John Overbury. Sam Bell McKee,
Ben Taylor, WHlard Barton, Frank Kales,
Philip Bowles. Vail Bakewell, Arthur Brown,
Rudolph Bchilllng, - George Sessions. John? Mc-
Near, Dwlght Hutchlnson, , Lloyd Lacy, Fred
Greenwood, Charles Hubbard, Tom Knowles,
Harold Meek, • James Mof fltt, Albert v Bates,
Stewart Hawley, John : McNab, : Raymond Wil
son Stanley Moore and a number of others. '
' ' .-. • \u25a0. • '"•., '. ; '.. .
Mrs. Irving Lundborg entertained a ;dozen
maids at luncheon yesterday at the Claremont
Club lr. honor of Miss Marguerite Gros. In
the party were Miss Marietta Havens, Mis»
Gertrude Gould, Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss
Alice Knowles, Miss Gertrude Allen and Mrs.
William Watt. \u25a0 : .
•To-day Mrs. Watt was hostess at a luncheon
for Miss Groo and from 4 to 6 held an Infor
mal reception. >-• ;; 0 V ' . ,
Among the coming- events of social interest
are th« farewell tea next Sunday at the Wil
liam Edes: an engagement tea at the residence
of Mrs ' Fred ' Lyman Mitchell on , January 8
for Miss 'Alice Dale Bowden ; the . marriage of
Miss Jean *. Howard and Charles - Schoonmaker
on January; 11. ' • _- . .
Mr. and Mrs. .William Ede leave on the 4th
for "Australia, ; China and Japan, and' will be
away > from home: about six months In all. •
Mrs Frederick 8.. Stratton leaves to-morrow
for New York, "accompanied by herv "little
daughter' She will be gone for sojpe time and
as she has • many \u25a0 friends and relatives in : the
Atlantic * metrbpolis ; a. delightful sojournis In
store for her. ..'\u25a0*. - . \u25a0
FALLS 'FROM CHURCH.
OAKLAND; Dec' 28.— While ,Tvorking
on, the roof of an old church at Fif
teenth r..; and Clay , streets Benjamin
Nudlng, a fell ;, through a
skylight down two stories, a distance of
twenty-^f our '.feet, :\ without sustaining
any injury; that r can be discovered. , He
was \when : picked . up ; and
wasj supposed toj; be^dead. At ' the^ Rer
celvlng Hospital, > where _he was ' taken;
he recovered; consciousness ';, and a" lit
tle later ' was, taken .to ' his " home at 868
Twenty-seventh 'street. f t He; had \no
broken t bones^ that the doctors l could
discover, but complained of ; ; a pain In
the ;chest, which it is thought will go
away.-;.' ; ; : .- * -\u25a0/. " \u25a0. ' " ,»'\u25a0\u25a0;'\u25a0:.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -
TO ELECT CHURCH OFFICERS.
; PALO ''ALTO.i Dec; 2 B.— Officers ; of : the
First. Methodist I Church will be* elected
"at » the [annual ; meeting to be - held here
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH REVOLVER
Despondent .Over Business
Eeverses J. Pierson Fires
a Bullet Into His Brain
LEAVES LARGE FAMILY
Walnut Creek Merchant Fin
ishes Troubles in a Eoorii in
an Oakland Lodging-House
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— Despondent be
cause of continued business reverses,
which had left him bankrupt, John Pier
son, a Walnut Creek -•.merchant. ~ this
morning fired a bullet into his brain in a
room -in -the Astor . House, at the corner
of Seventh and Clay streets, inflicting a ;
wound which Will prove fatal. -The bul
let pierced the forehead, ranging g back- ;
ward and downward. through. the brain.
Plersbn -Is 60. years* of age and; has re- ;
sided in Walnut Creek for a number of
years, and conducted a general merchan
dise business at that place. In an effort
to retrieve .his fortunes he left Walnut
Creek on Monday and went to San Fran
1 Cisco, where he attempted to borrow $600
i on' his property, but failed, because the
property stood in the name of his wife.
Besides his wife Pierson has a family of
eight children, one of his daughters being
the wife of William Hough, Justice of the
Peace of Walnut Creek.
About eight years ago a sbn of the
merchant" committed suicide by shooting
himself. 'In' Pierson's room was found
the following note: "My satchel Is at
Soloman's, Seventh and Clay," but no ex
planation of why he had flred the fatal
shot*.: ' y >.".,-,• .y<:.|
JfVTIVESOXS ELECT OFFICERS.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 28.— Mount Ta
malpais Parlor No. 64, Native ' Sons of
the Golden West, has elected the fol
lowing officers for ; the ensuing term:
President, Newman Cohn; first vice
president, W. J. Boyd; second vice pres
ident, Louis Smith; third vice present.
J Pablo Reed; recording secretary,
William F. Magee; financial secretary.
D J Haley; treasurer, A. N. Boyen;
marshal, Stephen Richardson; trustee,
John S. Rains; physician, W. J. VUck
man. E B. MartinelH will be Installed
past president. '
Sea Point Parlor is arranging for a
large class initiation next April. Thir
ty-tive applications for. membership
have been received, and it Is expected
that the number entering at that time
will run up close to sixty. The follow
ing officers were elected for the ensuing
term: President, E J. Thomas; .first
vice president, Daniel Whaley; second
vice president, Joseph J. Joseph; third
vice president, George T. Ryan; record
ing secretary, L. C. Merritt; financial
secretary, Fred S. Fiedler; treasurer,
William H. Hannon; marshal, H. J - Lo "
riano; trustee, John Hannon. Dr. G. T.
Smith will be installed as past presi
dent. : .
INSPECT' HAILWAY noiTES.
PALO ALTO, Dec* 2S^r-Offlcials of the
San Jose Interurban. Electric Company
visited i this place to-day and examined
tie several .routes, lately surveyed.
Much time was. spent by them in the
Scale addition tp TPalo Alto, which
causes people here to think the Inter
urban will build through it, comlnff
into Palo Alto from the east. Th€
route along the county road from San
Jose has already been secured.
. President 6. A. Hale, Treasurer Cha
pin and Jere Burke were the visiting
officials. } .
Alfred 'Scale, who owns the land
which the offlcia.l3 Inspected, said to
day he would welcdme a' road through
the property, as it would give this place
electric communication with San Jose.
ERROR EXDAXGERS BABE.
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— Mistaking a
bottle of ' carbolic acid for paregoric.
Mrs. C. McChestney, residing at tho
Grand Hotel, this evening gave her
month-old child. Chester McChestney,
a quantity of the deadly drug, and on
discovering her error took the child
In her arras and. hurried to the Re
ceiving Hospital., several block 3 dis
tant, arriving just in time to save the
life of her little one.
.".. ThY child had been suffering from
colic, and in an effort to ease the
pain the mother went to' a closet for
a bottle .of paregoric.
JOHXMAIEY ARRAIGNED.
BERKELEY, Dec. 23. — John Maley,
who* was beaten by Trainer Walter
Christie of the university last Monday
for : his insulting behavior In Mrs.
Christie's presence on the campus, was
arraigned' before Justice Edgar to-day,
charged with a serious offense. . He
pleaded not" guilty. His trial was set
for January 3 at 10 o'clock. Maley
asked far and will receive a jury trial.
PRETTY CHURCH WEDDING.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 28.— A pretty
wedding took place In the Church of
Our Savior at high noon to-day when
Harold S. Cottle of ' San Francisco and
Fannie Bellalrs Harries, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Julian B. Harries of Mill
wood, were united in marriage by Revl
Dr. Howltt. After the ceremony a re
ception was held at the home of the
bride.
WILL HOLD AX "AT HOME."
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 2S.— The mem
bers of the Comme il Faut Club will
hold; an "at home" in their clubrooms
to-morrow evening. "Whist and other
card games and dancing will be the or
der of the evening. Several valuable
prizes^will be awarded' In the, whist
toufiiam'ent. .
FOUR ; PRISONERS ESCHPE.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 28.— Four more
prisoners ; evaded the guards at -the
branch jail \u25a0 near here Christmas night
and are hiding, in the-. Coast Range
Mountains. They made their : escape
while the oflicera in charge were serv
ing them a Christmas dinner.
Professor Plehn ' Honored.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 28.— The members
of the Economic Association to-night
held a banquet at the Merchants" Club
and "elected -the- following; officers:
President, Professor J. W. Jenks.: Cor
nell "University; - first vice president,
Charles's. Fairchlld of New York. ex-
Secretary r of; the -Treasury; second vice
president. ; 8; N. * IX; North. .- director sof
the "census, .Washington; third vice
president/ Professor Carl C. Plehn.
University of • California.
Arrested. on Chnrge or Blsnmy.
V SAN JOSE, Dec.) 2S.— George R. Baker,
whose parents reside In Bakersfield,
was iarrested to-day on a charge * ; of
bigamy. „ preferred .by Mrs. \L. Joiner,
who \u25a0 says Baker , ; has a> wife and two
children \u25a0{ in f Muscatine," lowa. 7 : Baker
acknowledges that he' married a young
girl ' in ' this ' city, . but" says ' that * no" was
forced to do so by her parents
READY TO FIGHT
THE INJUNCTION
Attorney of Portland and
Seattle Eailroad Holds
Company Is in the Eight
OEDEB IS NOT VIOLATED
Assertion Is Made That Cor
poration Owns Land on
Which It Is Laying Track
PORTLAND, Ore., Deo. ; 28.— According
to a prominent official of the Portland
and Seattle Railroad Company. .J. C.
Flanders, statutory attorney of the com
pany'ln Oregon, will "flgnT tile Injunction
proceedings Instituted to behalf of tb^-
Oreson Railroad and Navigation ConKT
pany for alleged violation of wnicn- Flan
ders has been cited to answer contempt
proceedings January 3. 1306, on the ground
that the Portland and Seattle has not
violated In letter or in spirit tha order of
the court. . •';•
It Is asserted by this official that th«
Portland and ! Seattle secured a contract
to purchase right of tray from the Col
lege Endowment Association over.tha dis
puted lanfi several days before the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company
started its " condemnation proceedings
against the Endowment Association.
Some day 3 later, and after the Portland
and Seattle had completed its purchasa
and filed, its deed, Flander3 was served
with \u25a0an injunction restraining him. th»
Portland and Seattle, and the firm of
contractors from building a road over land
owned by the Endowment Association.
The* Portland and Seattle, according t9
the information given by the official
quoted,' simply went ahead with Its work
in. bonding' a road across Its own proper
ty, and or its own established^, grade, and
did not enter upon the property of tha
Endowment Association at any time.
HEALDSBUEG WOMAN
NEAES CENTUEY3EABE
Mrs. Electa Kennedy Is 96
Years Old and Enjoys
Good Health. * , ff
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 2S. — Mrs. Electa
Kennedy, aged 9*5 years. Is here spend
ing the holidays with her granddaugh
ter, Mrs. Alice Carey Meyer, who will
leave shortly for Vladivostok with her
husband. "Grandma" Kennedy resides
on a ranch near Kealdsbufg with her
son, who is 63 years old. She is obl«
to get around easily and wlta
little fatigue. She has two chil
dren, fifteen grandchildren, twelve of
whom are living, and sixteen great
grandchildren, four of whom are dead.
Her husband died in 1880 at Cloverttale.
Mrs. Kennedy and her husband- went
from Vermont to Sun Bias. Mexico, in
1544, riding 120 miles mulebaok. and
after three years returned to their old
home. In 1832 they came to this State
over the plains and. ln 1854 they settled
In the Santa Rosa Valley. Sh«s..ba!»j*
siiAer, Mrs. Duton, of Hyde Park, yt,
aaretl 99. and another sister, Mrs. Masun
of Morrlsonviile, Vt., aged S» years.
COLOE ADO CLUBMAN
WILL WED A WIDOW
Couple Now Visiting' in Santa
Barbara Soon to Be
Married.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Dec. 2S.— Tha
engagement has been announced of Claris
Mellen, the well-known Colorado Spring.
clubman and nephew of General WttliaSv
J. Palmer, the retired millionaire, *nd
Mrs. Ethel C. W. Harris of Philadelphia.
The date for the wedding has not been
set.
Mrs. Harris, with her llttl* daughter,
is at Santa Barbara, Cal., where Mr. Mel*
len is visltinff. She Is the widow of Fran
cis C. Harris, a well-known Philadelphia
business man, who died In Colorado
Springs a year agt> of consumption. Mrs.
Harris is the daughter of Consul General
Watt at St. Petersburg. Russia^ Sfce has
enjoyed many social privileges.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 2S.— J. F. Dyer wu ar«
rested to-day for paasiag » torgtd cbecK on
C. - Renzal, a grocer, for $13. H» coaf essed
and. Is cow In jail.
Rheumatic
Pains
"I. have suffered terribly witS
rheumatism. I took Dr.- Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills , and they. gave me
great relief.^ I have spelts of ter-
rible pains in my ribs/ and in the. 1
small of my back, and the A
Anti-Pain Pilh help me right away.
I am now well of the rheumatism
and think Anti-Pain Pills done me
more good than* all the other medi-
cines. I first heard of them
through, the following circum-
stance that happened at car home
two -years ago. A friend, Mrs.
Brown, of Orion. Mich., came to
visit us. She had not been able to
dress herself or comb her, own hair
:* for months. . A friend of 'ours came
in and seeing her suffering offered
her some Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain
Pills. She laughed at the idea of
relief from such a source after
doctoring for so long, but took ore
\u25a0 one of tlie tablets with the v reniark
that it would *at least der-her no
harm. She took another that
evening, and the next morning she
was so elated that she went to the
druggist's and got a -package and
took them home with her. Re-
cently she was here again, and told
us that she continued taking »the
pills, and that one bar: cured her.
and she has not had a symptom of
rheumatism since.jjMlHHtlHK
S. R. FARMER.
352 Third St., Detroit, M«k
Dr. Miles' Aritl-Paln Plila an soW by
your druggist, who will guarantee tf»a£
thetflrst package vrHI benefit,
falls, he wilt return your money. -«M 3
29 doses. 25 cents. Never sold In bu.x.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, IndPOLITICIAN MAY HAVE
PURCHASED A CHURCH
Russian Cathedral May Become a Playhouse
OLD RUSSIAN CATHEDRAL. IN THIS CITY WHICH HAS BEEN SOLD AND WHICH RUMOR SAYS IS LIKELY TO BE CON
VERTED INTO A CHEAP PLAYHOUSE. THE PURCHASER IS SAID TO BE A WELL-KNOWN POLITICAL BOSS OF
SAN FRAN CISCO.
Trinity Cathedral of ' the Orthodox
• Catholic Church, more familiarly known
•Jfo San Franciscans as the Russian Ca-
Ahedral, situated at 1715 Powell street, has
„ been sold for $40,000, but those who have
effected, the sale are keeping the name of
,; The nurchaser a secret for the present.
• * K£vertheless, it Is said by men who are
the exchange of city property
•pretty closely that the buyer is a well
' 'known, politician who is a boss in city
\u25a0. .politics. _
• It has transpired further that it is the
intention of the purchaser to turn the
.fcaded edifice irto a ten-cent continuous
.vaudeville house, which would be con
."trary to the hope and wish of the Most
Rev. Archbishop Tikhon, who has re
.' .cently removed to New York City, and
•the .pastor, the Rev. T. X. Pa*hkovsky.
Pastor Pashkovsky admits that when
-•the sale of the property was first an-
Tyuncod some parties made a bid. and
: Vh^n it was revealed that it was intended
to use it for theatrical purposes he stren
uotisly_ objected and consulted with his
'«*tto,r3ej* ou tlic subject.
Bihce then, the reverend gentleman
eaye, some one has paid a deposit on the
\u25a0. pule, and _while Horace Platt assures him
that thy? party is reliable he has not re-
Waled, his name.
The transaction has been In the hands
of *. *A- "Weston of the Yon Rheln Real
Sistate* Company, who declines to state
• who 4he purchaser is or what his plans
are. \
.Hprace Platt sari? that he does not
• know .the politician whom rumor names
as the purchaser, in the matter, and, like
'Weston, declines to divulge the name of
the byyer.
IMPAXEMNC JI'RY IX MIXXIE
\u25a0-VBAMS' CASE NOT COMPLETED
ynlj Three Jurors Acrepted Out of
Thlrty-SJx Examlnrd, Making
Ten Altogether.
Out of thirty-six jurors examined
•yeSterday in Judge Luwlor's court for
the third trial of Minnie Adams, charged
vith- the murder of her baby boy in
March, 1899, bar making him drink car
bollc acid, only three were accepted,
''making ten altogether In four days.
The-'three are: R. H. Farmer, 1732 Mar
ket* street; E. L. Fitzgenild. 347 Bush
'street, and George L.. Wodekind, 904
I>arkin street. The venire was ex
hausted and a new venire of forty was
issued, returnable this morning. .*\u25a0\u25a0:'
Nearly all of the thirtj'-six wf-re ex
cused for cause, as they did not believe
Jn hanging any one on circumstantial
evidence, particularly a woman. There
blso seems a good deal of sympathy ror
the defendant, who has been confined In
Ja!l for nearly seven years waiting a
final disposition of her case. Her quiet
end neat appearance in court has also
an effect .upon the jurors. Her attor
neys confidently expect an acquittal
this time. >?
P CHOPPERS ELECT OFFICERS.— The fol-
Jowin* have b*eir *'«>eted rtffieers of the Chop
pers' Friendship Club of the Woodmen of the
AVorld i'~>r the ensuini? term: C. F. Greentree.
president: William Spier, vice president; F. T.
I Te«ter, financial secretary; F. P. Allen, re
cording secretary: E. A. A. Summers, treap
tirrr; Samuel Fleher. conductor; Fritz Melseh
ri*-r, sentinel : E. G. Kenning, watchman; E. O.
Flaceoliet. truetee; Dr. W. P. Bui:: hum, pfcysi
\u25ba^
For Family Colds
* * A reliable Cough and CcH cure thocld
be always in the home ready for we the
consent the fcr»t symptom* appear.
It is ataay» eascr. cheaperana better
to check a cold is the very beginning.
h is safer, too.
Sh3oh*» Coaaamptbo Cure, toe Lanj
Tome, bt* been tested foe tarty-three
« \cars, tnd teas of thousands of homes b
the United States and Canada toMky are
never without it.
"We are **<* * *««s?y. W « bo ?**
cray bark. <t Sbifah's C«w»npt»« Cote. It «.
rood and we would \u25a0<* be ****** rt.-M»
liur E. Apple, Gooremos, N. Y.
If it were enytJung bat Ac best would
this be to? Try it ia your own family.
If it does not cure, you get back all * cost
you. We take all the chances.' Nather
yea nor your dealer caa lose. Isn't that
fair? 25c is Ihe price. All dealcn ia
dediebe sell
Sold by THE OWL. DRUG CO. 1128
Market st. and SO Geary st.
jAhroys. Remember tho VvJLJiQmw
CereS aCoW iaOneDay, Grip fa 2 Day*
ANVIL CHORUS
FOR STUDENTS
Din of 3letal Works and
Xoise of Boiler Shops as an
Adjunct to Study Hours
Unique conditions are about to attend
the progress of education at the Califor
nia School of Mechanical Arts in the Po
trero. Recitations must be carried on in
competition with the din and clangor of a
boiler shop and sheet metal works which
have recently been put into commission
at a distance of less than 100 feet from
the class rooms of the school. Within the
radius of a city block and, in several In
stances, directly across the street from
the school, are factories ranging in char
acter from a soap factory to a boiler
shop, including acid works, paint and
varnish concerns and the city crematory.
The boiler and sheet metal works which
are the latest additions to the noisy ring
of neighbors bid fair to raise the biggest
"anvil chorus" on record, inasmuch as
they are both directly adjacent 'to the
school property in front and in the rear.
The metal shop, wh'.ch is the new loca
tion of the Forderer Cornice Works, for
many years at 8 and 10 Natoma street,
has not opened in the new building, front
ing on Potrero avenue and extending to
I'tah. but as the date set for the installa
tion Is a month overdue it is probable
that when the faculty and students re
turn to the school January 3 they will
find the automatic trip hammers ready
with a noisy welcome.
The Iron and Steel Contracting Com
pany's boiler and tank concern is in ac
tion, but the racket raised now is but a
suggestion of the clangor to come when
the other two-thirds of the regular force
of sixty riveters begin operations.
The school property, which includes the
entire block bounded by Utah and Ne
braska and Fifteenth and Sixteenth
streets. Is valuable. The capacity of the
Institution is rapidly being enlarged to
meet the Increasing demand. The aca-,
demic and shop buildings were originally
two-story brick affairs, but plans have
been drawn up by which all will be made
a story higher. This improvement, in ad
dition to the electrical building under
construction and an extension of the
main building, will form a continuous
structure along the entire frontage on
Utah street. These extensive modifica
tions signify that the work of educating
several hundred boys and girls annually
will be carried on. regardless of a con
centration of noises that might generally
be regarded as a stumbling bloyk to
study. ;. )
Danes to Hold Holiday Fentlval.
The society of the Danish Brother
hood and Sisterhood will hold a Christ
mas tree festival at Saratoga Hall to
morrow evening. Thje hours between
8 and 10 p. m. will be devoted to tht>
children, who will hold high carnival
about a handsomely bedecked Christ
mas tree that is to be provided for
them. At 10* o'clock and thereafter
dancing will be in order and it Is
then when the older folk will make
merry enjoying that pastime.
MAD COYOTBS KOA3I OVER
THE RIO GRAXDE COUNTRY
Dltrair Spreads to Domestic Animals
and 31 any Children Have Been
Fatally Bitten.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex.. Dec. 28.— Creat
loss among- domestic animals is being
caused in Northern, Mexico by coyotes
and wolves afflicted with rabies. Cat
tlemen from the Rio Grande country
say practically all the coyotes beyond
the river are mad. and the cattlemen
are scouring the country and exter
minating them. Several Mexican chil
dren have been bitten and died. The
spread of the rabies to Texas is feared.
DELIVERY OP TELEGRAM
CAUSES -FATAL QUARREL
Mob Threaten to Lynch the Man Who
Killed Telegraph Company
Employe.
HOXIE, Ark., Dec 28. — Frank
Browning of Batesvllle, Ark., shot and
killed T. W. Madcliff to-day at a; local
telegraph ©fflce, where the latter was
employed.- A* dispute over the delivery
of a telegram led to the killing.
Browning was arrested. Intense ex
citement prevails' and Browning is be
ing taken to an adjacent town for safe
keeping. Precautions are being taken
to prevent a lynching by a mob which
followed.
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALi:. FRIDAY, DECEMBERS 29/ 1905;
INSURANCE MEN
GET INJUNCTION
Globe Company Seeks to Have
Commissioner Restrained
From Revoking Certificate
E. Myron Wolf, State Insurance Com
missioner, was last night served with an
Injunction from Judge Morrow's depart
ment of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals, prohibiting him from revok
ing the certificate of authority of the
Globe Marine Insurance Company. Com
missioner Wolf has been making a vig
orous campaign against the various in
surance companies, compelling them to
pay their back taxes, and has succeeded
in every case, save that of the Globe.
Wolf says that th£ Globe Company owes
the State back taxefe since I£S2. He "has
been making an attempt to collect this
sum for many months, but the compaoy
has always shown fight, though other
concerns have acceded to his demands
and paid over the tax money. .
Commissioner Wolf says that some time
ago Charles Page, attorney for the Globe
Company, called at his office and offered
to Ray for the company all the taxes ex
cept such as barred by the statute of
limitations. Wolf refused to agree to
this, whereupon Page said the; company
Intended to fight, and the injunction suit
Is the result.
"I think that Mr. Page is mistaken in
the stand that I take in the matter,"
said the Insurance Commissioner last
night. . "I never threatened to revoke the
certificate of the Globe Company. \u25a0 I
merely wanted to see the law enforced. I
was successful in collecting the back
taxes of all the other companies and I
want, justice done in every case.
"As far as the revocation of the certifi
cate goes, that is a mistake. In fact, I
have issued a new form of certificate to
the company, which it received some time
ago." '.; \^'f;
.\>w Year's ut Hotel Del Montr.
Enjoy the glass-bottom boats, '.hot
salt water swimming; riding, driving,
tennis and golf on the finest course in
California. Special tickets, good leav
ing San Francisco nny train from Fri
day, December 29; returning by any
train Tuesday, January 2. Round-trip
rate, Including four, days* accommoda
tions at Del Monte, $18. Through
traln>jHith parlor car, leaves Third and
Townsend streets daily at 3 o'clock,
returning teases Del Monte S:3O a. m.*
DOCTOR PLACES- ACTOR
MESSIXG U.VDER ARREST
Claima Debtor la About to Leave State
and Defraud Creditor*, but Bill
la Settled.
Oscar Dane Messing, an actor, who
is at the head of a "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde" company/was arrested .yester
day by a deputy. Sheriff on complaint
of Dr. Henry H. Hart, who alleged
that Messing; who owes ; him a bill of
9250, was about to leave the State, with
the intention of defrauding his credit
ors. Messing appeared before Justice
of the Peace Van Nostrandi and denied
that such was .the, case, but admitted
that his trunks were at the Santa ;Fe
freight depot to be shipped. East. Mes
sing testified that he would leave scen
ery and properties of the show behind
him, which would be ample security for
Hart's claim. Judge Van Nostrand" took
the matter under advisement, .and at
4:30 p. m. was about to - render | his j de
cision when he was • informed that -Mes
oing's, mother-in-law had i agreed to
stand good for the "claim and turned'
over two drafts for $100 and a promis
sory note for $150 to Dr. "Hart,: and
Messing was discharged from custody.
GIRL. DEFAULTER BEFORE
COMMISSIONER HE ACOCK
Her Examination - 1* \u25a0 Postponed 'at Ke
quest of Counwel Until Saturday
of Next Week.
: Mary Louise Bowen, the defaulting
postofflce clerk 'of Oakland," who': is -ac
cused of having: given: her lover. 57000
of '.; postal moneys," ' appeared -before
United States Commissioner, " Heacook
yesterday morning .for 'examination.
She was acoompanied by, -her; /sister,
Lottie Bowen, 1 and E. L. Cram, a 'friend
of the family/ "^ "'
I*. S.. Church, the accused girl's at
torney, asked for' a postponement ; of
the hearing until Saturday rof next
week at 10 a. m., and ! by consent of the
prosecution the motion was granted.
KILLS HIHSELF
IN FERRY NAVE
Discouraged/ Henry Miller,
a Pennsylvania!!, Ends His
Life '\u25a0• With a Bullet
LITTLE -CLEW TO DEED
Brief Comment -on an En
velope Says x "TUis Letter
Makes Me Desperate"
Awaiting: until the nave of the ferry
building was deserted, John August Mil
ler of Providence, :Pa., put; an end to his
life yesterday afternoon by shooting him
self. The desperate act was committed In
the extreme southern end of the nave
shortly before 3 o'clock,; and; hardly had
the echo of the pistol shot died away be
fore police and. citizens surrounded the
dead man. No motive can be ascribed to
the deed except a; single line penciled on
the back of an empty. envelope found In
Miller's room at the Hotel Terminus.
Five words written by . the suicide elo
quently speak of hi« mental struggle.
"This letter makes me desperate." What
the letter was will: never be, known, as
Miller probably destroyed it; before end
ing his life.'. 1 The postmark on the envel
ope was dated Dixon^ 111., December 21.
A curious circumstance is that the direc
tion was P^ J. Millar. -misspelling;" both
name and -initials. .-',"\u25a0 f-
Despite the fact that : the nave 'of the
ferry tiuildingr is thronged with. people, no
one was present at the time Miller fired
the fatal shot. At the sound of the re
volver Policeman Thompson bounded up^
the main stairs and ran to the fallen man
far down the corridor.; When the.police
man arrived life was extinct: A. hurry
call brought the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital, but one glance .sufficed to show that
the man was beyond the doctor's care."
By this time the shooting was' noised
along the water front and curious crowds
began flocking to the. scene. The rumor
gained currency that George D. : Collins
had killed himself and this gossip attract
ed additional crowds..' Several policemen
were detailed by Sergeant Campbell to
keep the morbid ones back.
Just as the. Coroner's wagon arrived a
weeping and hysterical woman in travel
ing dress broke from the crowd, and de
manded to see the body. As the police
drew back the woman's feeling gave way
and she refused to view the corpse. A
description of the dead man was fur
nished her. and, declaring that It was not
the man she was looking for, the Woman
left the building. . .
Miller was neatly but inexpensively
dressed, everything appearing \u25a0\u25a0 newly
bought. On the lapel of hi.? 'coat he wore
a small wax rose pin and a cheap pin in
his scarf. On his vest.he wore a ; tin
type of himself and on his finger a heavy
gold ring. A silver watch and small note
book were found in his pocket. In the
book were the names of northern cltiep,
indicating that he had come to San Fran
cisco by the Southern Pacific. The hat
was purchased in Seattle and a beautiful
bearskin overcoat was found In his room.
A new violin of cheap make was also
found. The: body was taken to .the
Morgue. . ' » . l-
17XIQUE CHRISTMAS PIECE I J
GIVEN" BY, SUNDAY-SCHOOL
"Santa Claus In v Jnpan'* Produced by
\u25a0 m Young People of Plymoatn.Con-V
gregatlonal Church. " : .
The young people of .the Plymouth
Congregational Church on Post street
rendered a brilliant and catchy cantata,
entitled "Santa Claus in Japan," last
night before a well-filled auditorium.
The production was given as the an
nual Christmas entertainment and jol
lification. It was also announced that
every one was to receive apresent in
the shape of a box of candy from
"Santa" and the youngsters were there
in full force. . .
The piece was a digression from the
set Christmas entertainments, inasmuch
as it represented the giver of presents
as visiting the Oriental children.
"Santa" appeared, on the scene in the
qustomary manner, followed by sev
eral midgets, and] was welcomed by a
gayly and attractively gowned chorus,
composed of pupils of the school, rang
ing from the wee : "cherry blossoms" of
the infant class up to the- pretty
chrysanthemum girls chosen from the
young ladies of the congregation.
The various roles were taken as fol
lows: .
American children— Harold Strickland and
Mildred McWiUiams; Japanese school mites—
Gladys Bush, ; Jean-ond Anita Marrus. Celest»
Hushes. H»len Cushman. Lillian Hanna. .Hazel
Bachelder. Leon Carrau, Dwlght Jones and I^aw
rence Taylor: screen. boys — Fred Worth, • Frank
Cushman and Key Bradford: fan girls — Gladys
Phclan. Florence Xorrls and Gertrude Rapp:
chrysanthemum Kirls — Misses Bessie Fuller. Ida
Sanciow, Hilda McKean and Blanche Carrou:
cherry blossoms — Doris and Elaine Bolton. An
nie Dunkle; lanterns — Marjru^rite . Hlnslxre.
Florence Kujs. Catherine Pinner and Gladys
Gutcbfr: fairies — Willie. Empey. Donald Brad
ford. Irene Warnecko and Florence McAuley.
LIVES THREE HOURS WITH
A BOXE THROUGH HIS HEART
Philip Maher, an Aped Rcnl Entate
Man, Amnxcs Doctors at City
and County. Hospital.,.
With a bone through his heart, aged
Philip Maher \ of S9SO : Artny street lived
for three' hours last night at the City and
County-; Hospital. V $\u25a0;•£,
Maher, who was a real estate, man, was
sent to the hospital last evening suffer
ing from a fracture of the sternum'- and
Internal injuries which he had suffered
as the result of an 'accident. The old man
fell off the railroad -bridge which spans
Army and Dolores Streets. Hewas picked
up; by Policeman Reddum and conveyed
to the hospital.', .v ><; . :\
-The doctors of the hospital staff .worked
on him, and his,' condition was so serious
that his death was expected. \With near
ly every ' rib in ,; his * bod v^'; 1 broken he
amazed the members of the medical; staff,
by not dying [ instantly. "An examination
of his injuries showed a bone had pierced
his heart, which in: ordinary; cases would
have produced immediate: death. ' "
Many people' have a habit of ailing. How; much better it would be
to learn ; to : keep well. For ' health, {after fall, •is largely a matter of
habit, wh-chall may acquire with a; little practise.
. teach good \ habits to Stomach, Liver. Kidneys and Bowels. If you j
;"are ; subject' to Bilious : Attacks, : suffer^ from X Constipation or i are ; > ;
troubled; vruh: Indigestion," -Nervousness or Headache,' Beecham's ;
Pills will reform^ all • these ' bad habits and f set san "I example ? of ' good-
. health, '.which the body;.wiH"quickly follow. You ; can break up all
sickly habits ; bv occasionally, J using the health suggestions trans- "
imitted by Beecham's Pills. : , ' _ r 1
Sold Ererywhar* in Box**, , *'\u25a0' lOe mnd 28*.
II F RWA V SURPRISE NO, 15
IB NO TELEPHONE OR C. 6. D ORDERS. . THESE PRICES FOR FRIDAY ONLT.
I Sofa Cushions Scarfs and Shams Leather Belts I
|5 : Covered with Oriental sateen; A fine lot of Scarfs and Shams Women's Leather Belts In nam»r- |
In some with ruffles others niain - Just received; size of Scarfs 18x ons styles* In black leather only. f,
i ?,?>, W lo ,1^ h H4 inches: for bureaus or ta- This constitutes our entire col-
H ..with tassels; ready for use; bles; the Squares are 30 Inches lection of 35c and 50c Belts,
fa size~lBxlB inches; ap- mm n and are just right for Shams; which will be sold jm g\
g propriate , for^ cozy Xl/^i similar goods have #% fm while quantity lasts 1 ||/ i
M corners. ;Friday ". Sur- JMM i- been- sold by us for \u25a0 J *\i* at Friday Surprise I
M prise price ........... T^/r'T 50c and 75c each. Fri- price hi
\u25a0H - 1 . ' " —***" ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, day Surprise, price.'. .*.'. . .. \u25a0- - 1 t It
|| A; y-.- Leather Hand Bags/ I-| w ntn -iei c c-^ v n*rh> r * I Mugs for Children I I
1 ;Theso are a good quality Hand ; . /"" m r n 5 \u25a0'\u25a0. 'oncy UafferS , Full size, quadruple plat© Mv«; H
m ' Bag: for . women; they ' have Thisls a enappy bargain that in the satin finish; all bear the c;|
|a , strong '.clasps _ and, are neatly* '.. , should, be greatly appreciated. name "Baby," prettily en- v
gl -finished; some in m^ >»V-,' * Fancy frilled side gar- V /> graved; gold lined; a\u25a0« \u25a0 £|
;B| brown and black; /£*%/• '.". ters .in pink. blue, red, %J f> rine ?lft- Regular /I f »
m worth 75c. Friday TfOt orange and black. Fri- Price 75c. Friday Sur- J ~f \^ U
g.- . Surprise price ... \u0084..-. c . day, Surprise price, pair prise ...^...- |l
| Adjustable Bracelets POPP "^ China Salad or Berry Bowl |]
U These are the popular Carmen ' \u25a0 ' W. B^L Uj H m Large size, fancy shape, nicely |t
R - Adjustable- Bracelets which decorated; tinted edges in o
B : have created such a furor this "... panel effects; colors are pink, .ri
§; year; solid . gold-filled and «ir»it • -^ blue and green with •p , |l
B ' handsomely engraved. -Regu- Wltll 6VeTV HKIIIS SSUItt t sold tracing. Regular \K/ \u25a0
f . lar price $3.95. g* a g\ f* ... ' >* • price 75 c. Friday Sur-^^^ f|
I Friday surprise *l s v h overcoat or Cravenette p rl9e • -^^^____ \u25a0
I - .Price •••••••••• 4/ £.•»/«/ - v-.- "1 _: . _ -;\u25a0"
I :••••••••• 1 purchased Friday or 1I!
I--- •\u25a0•- - •\u25a0\u25a0' .-"• ••\u25a0 "\u25a0 Saturday at $12.00 or Flannelette Skirts U
P f~ - . ....... ' ; | • '\u25a0 .-« . ,-_ Women's Flannelette Skirts of it
I m Spunfilass Lining over we wdl give a 10- Ssd
Bj A splendid quality of Spun Glass POT INFI XI JRKFY FrPP the hl P s and on a ta P e at the H
I * Lining in all colors; also black. rv/ Vl^*/ 1 VIVIXJ> I riw waist; finished at the bottom i|
m Nothing better for drop skirts .. , with a deep flounce; pink and U
ft- and petticoats; has been con- \u25a0\u25a0 white and blue and white a
f siderfd a bargrain at j* jm ' HJB IiUI U stripes. Regular 45c jm f\ \\
g 15c a yard. Friday Tf T + H^ §MH^ H^ m^or value. On sal© In Tf %J /\u25a0 H
ft Surprise price, yard.. I| L I &X H , , main aisle. Friday /\u25a0/ L H
gi -. \u25a0*\u25a0\u0084' "rr™" I™'™1 ™'™' 11 ™ \u25a0 Surprise price ....... v
J FLANNELETTE DRESSING SACQUES I G'mqham ADMIS "I I
a -In fleece lined colored Madras; . warm for cold • *# "T M
a \u25a0\u25a0. mornlrfgs; In red. blue, cream, white and black; Ladles* Band Gingham Aprons of a good quality ti
.3 j plaited all over, band cuff sleeve; ' front and. gingham, gathered Into a band at the waist with oj
1 sleeves trimmed with deep . bands of /i y - • .- * wide string ties in the back; finished at jm g\ v
3 heavy flowered silk Persian; all sizes &•%.§*%/• the bottom with a border of plain JU^ H
1 .. and colors. Worth 81.50. Friday Sur- ; . stripes. Regular price 35c. Friday Sur- .J[ J H
| * prise price... :....... ; prise price '. y
1 NFW VFAR CiRf)rFRIF<% \ 1
y . . . . L \u25a0• .. — \u25a0\u25a0mm mm • m mm m mam.. a m y^^ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0m " "\u25a0\u25a0 m* . Eg
| ; Start off the New. Year with the^ right kind of a dinner and let us help you with high-grade supplies ti
I ' at economy* prices'. 'Here are "a few extra specials for Friday and Saturday. d
I Fine Dressed Turkeys, *5>% Eggs, choice and every £%*% | :
| ib/.... ................ dmtf^jG one guaranteed, dozen yC 1
I Our usual Fancy Cream- A^f% Mince Pies, the kind |C^ 1
cry Butter, 1 square...... TP^yC you've always liked, each i 0
Fancy WnstalnsrtonlVnvel Oranges — Dozen -UJ»C Port. Sherry. Ansellc«i. Muaeat. Tokay or Madeira— > B
Xew Golden Dates — 5 lbs ... .... . v .yr»c Our regular $1.50 gallon quality. Special. ga1..81.00 H
Plum Pn«ldln«s— Gordon & Dilworth's, tin. ...... .^1 c oranst U'lae — The pure extract of the orange; bottle If
Home-Made Miiicc Meat — ( Atmore's), 2 1b5. .'. . . . ,25c • - •• Tsc If
Snlder's or Gallfornln Home r >''\u25a0 : i ."- 7 -'•\u25a0'\u25a0£ «-r M. Fin Ice** WMow Chunrngni* — |
llrnncl Catnuv — Pint bottle 1 9t* ii - \u25a0 , The best domestic brand; pints If
Torn — Fancy Western Sugar. 3 • \u25a0 A Im*. \u25a0 • sOc; dozen S."».O«> ffj
: tins ..30«* i w /^^ __/ Imported Bed Diu«r Wtoe — Reg- I]
Itioe Pop Corn — Be>n quality. 4 /Jl_fi l&4?Mf4tt> ifoXk&iFL, ularly (55c bottle. Special. -4(>C I)
)bF l»*"ie /firTl B'>a GU S^H -JVfl Martfll. Hrnnesaey or J. Ga»t ••• M
1 StufTed Fard Dntes— 1-lb. pack- g kM MR R. R, X»M I <"o R nac— Bottle SI.4S P]
h ages, regularly 25c; special. >?iWr W*V& V *>r (r Old Reliable Bourbon — 5 J' e f r _ 3 t|
'*";",' ' VHt . AIMMViS BCUABtC ow tlelinont Hand-Made "som ft
5 LIQUORS. *F MfAEUrFrTSZmUVUFGXTC, Ma»h— Gallon 53.04» I]
I Cutler I%'liiMkey — That .. old relia- » mAJtM\JCi4£*ZJIJITJL<& Wfe#i Boiled Cider — Bldwell's; pints. I'j
§ ble brand, bottle 7Oc * 25c; quarts 45c tj
NEW RECEIVER -ASKED
FOR MEMPHIS BANK
3Lerclißiits ? Trust Company
Said to Be Too Deeply ml
l \u25a0 volved to Resume.
-MEMPHIS, Term., Dec. 2S.— A bill was
argued before Chancellor Heiskell to-day
seeking to have John P. Kdmondson re
moved as receiver of the Merchants' Trust
Cr.mpany, which closed its doors yester
day. The -bill was riled by T. F. Wordell
and W. F. Ladd, who sue for themselves
and all other ci editors of the Merchants'
Trust Company. The ' Dili sets forth that
the liabilities of the Merchants' Tru^t
Corrpany amount to $3,000,000, and that
the assets of the institution amount to
$2,500,0000. The bill alleges that the.com
pany is insolvent and owes $500,000 more
tlran its assets will bring. It further al
leges that. Receiver Edmondson is. a di
rector IrT the Merchants' Trust Company,
and a lsrve stockholder, and the court is
asked to appoint another "receiver.
There. was hardly v a ripple on the finan
cial surface because of yesterday's fail
ures. ' The banks of tho city opened for
business at 0 o'clock to-day and no un
urual Incidents occurred.
It was said to-da:' that the affairs of
the American Savings Bank and Trust
Company are in good condition; and it is
bel.'eved'the bank will resume business in
a short time. The institution recently ab
sorbed the Mechanics' Saving 3 Bank, and
the statement of its condition, given out
yesterday, included the affairs of the
ilatter -ba;ik.
\u25a0 President Schulte bt the Clearing-house
Association stated to-day that the af
fairs oi v tbe Merchants' Trust Company,
in. his opinion,. were too heavily involved
for reorganization. .'"
"BOSS" ODELL PUOMISES
STAUTLLVG REVELATIONS
Threatens to Give Publicity to. Fea
tures of \u25a0 X«v York Political . *
iZ'^'/i' I' v' Campalens.
NEW. YORK. Dec. 28.— Former Gov
ernor'.Odell, chairman of the" Repub
lican State Committee, made a/.state
ment" to-day concerning the contest for
the Speakership of the Assembly. ; He
said: \u25a0
: Thl3 is \u25a0 going to be a fight to a finish. 1
tried \u25a0In < very • way to avoid a factional fight.
but It has been ; forced on- me and when a
fisht is so forced ;I; I am not a quitter." v;.
"Is .the report; .true 'that ; you , will
have something -to. say a about the col
lection of campaign funds 'by Mr. Cor
telyou. last spring?".
.Before the ; fig-lit is r over I may, have .a good
deal ' to : say about this and other matters .* of
Interest, Including \u25a0 the Depsw-Black race for
the United, States Senate. | It is altogether like
ly I will . contribute something to political lit
erature In th<? near future — some chapters that
may Interest pecple.<
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
RABBI NIETO TO LECTURE.— Rabbi Ja
cob Xieto will. give, another, of his interesting
lectures at the Temple Israel/ corner of Cali
fornia and Webster streets, this evenlnr. He
has chosen for his subject, "The Russian
People and Their Struggle for Liberty.*" which
at the present time is a question of Interest
to all. Services will commence at 8 o'clock,
to which the Dubllc is cordially invited.
CONTEMPT PROCEEDINGS CONTINUED.
Judge Lawlor informed Attorney George D. Col
lins yesterday morning- that he was unable to
listen to his authorities on hie petition to have
District Attorney Byington cited to show cause
why he should not be punished for contempt
and the matter was continued until this morn-
Infr. Collins said yesterday that he would not
take any proceedings against Jurors Conn and
Kingston till the new administration assumed
office.
SWEDISH SOCIETY'S CONCERT. — The
•Swedish Sincine Society will hold Its annual
concert and ball at Turn Verein Hall. 353 Turk
street, on next Sunday evening. New Year's
eve. An especially attractive programme of
Swedish. Norwegian and Danish folk songs has
been arranged by Professor Phllstrom and un
der his direction will be rendered by the sing
ing society.. A series of tableaux will conclude
the performance. Dancing is to continue until
a late hour.%sfigfti
GARFIELD POST OFFICERS.— James A.
Gar field Post No. 34. G. A. R.. has elected the
following as officers for the ensuing term:
Lewis H. Edel, post" commander;, Francis J.
"' A' MARKET AAI> POWELL STKEETS j'w \u25a0. ..- -
-•Wrriiirßr? 1 GalrnDce Opposite Columbia Theater
f'iii'wWJ \u25a0 I" \u25a0 DINNER. ON NEW YEAR'S DAY I'BiSl
I TRfflaf ! 5 1 .50 WITH WINE 1 i||||i '
• -^if* jl Good wishes and good cheer will abound — In the menu. I*l Of 'P
\u25a0WpSfelraill'' 1 In the service, in the music. What better way of wel- "miifrl' ilm m
comlntr ihe New Year, of dining- your family, of enter-
2j»ik- taining your friends? Dinner iwrved all day aftar 1 i! ( -
VUlllf * o'clock: special musical programme after 6. no charge Cffif
jm-!#s'- for table reservation; telephone Main 3201. tShT*^
\ tqss} l_ . , .. . . . ' 1^
*S|Si, • Table D'Kpte Dinner. 91; on Sunday, with wine. 11.50; i>!r
'\s\. ' Lunch lexceDf, Sunday). 33c. +W*-
i£K assian an<i Htmgarian Composers jhSi^'
%&K will be th« third special concert: to be jdlr
/lif|*7"»s. rendered Wednesday evening, Jan. -3. j^*g ) jmSr
Q^^. Vsual Music To-NJght <Q|~k
'! Safe Winter Route
Union-Southern
Take the old reliable
Overland route
S. F. Booth, Cen'l Agt., U. P.
No, - 1* Montgomery St.
A Beautiful Art Supplement.
MEMORIES.
WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALI*i
Kane, senior rice commander; Moses 'Washer
man. Junior vice commander; Edward Wheeler,
surgeon; Wallace. M. Park, officer of the day:
Slg U Simon, chaplain: Jacob Harminskv.
quartermaster; Frank M. Morris, officer of the
guard, and A. E. Cahn and Francis J. Kane
trustee*. The post has elected Edward Miller.
William CSiwley, Moses Washerman and Frunk
N. Morris as representatives to the thirty- ninth,
department encampment.
WANTED IN SACRAME>nt>.— George Ship
ley, known in the "tenderloin" as Sharfcey,
was arrested early yesterday morning by Po
licemen Behan and Fenner. He is suspected of
being one of the three men who brutally beat
Sergeant WUscn and a policeman in the Art
Dance Hall. Sacramento, on Chrtstm.-is morn
ing. Charles Mack, alias "The Bute Kid," and
Charles Craig were ai-rested at the time, but
the third man escaped.
SUNDAY SCHOOL ENTERTAIN?.— A
Christmas festival was given last night by
St. Francis Sunday school in ihe ctureh hall.
There was a larse attendance and the pn
gramme> was of. a varied and most enjoyabl*
oruer. The singing of the children who took
part in the cleverly constructs^ musical numb
ers was admirable. There was fun for both
the young and adults. The festU-al will b~
remembered as on* of the most successful he!d
by the school. -
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKEIiS .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO « .
JOllk McXAUGHT.. . .Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY DECEMBER 29, 1005
KANSAS AND STANDARD OIL.
EARLY in the History of the Standard Oil Company the genius
of Mr. Rockefeller saw the relation of transportation to the
competition which he desired to destroy. Out of this came
the oil pipe line system, an original and excellent device for^the
transportation of oil, wherever practicable. But it was not as uni
versally practicable as was necessary to secure the entire control of
the oil market, at which Mr. Rockefeller aimed. Then he resorted
to compulsion of the railroads to secure for himself secret rebates,
which made him the master and the tyrant of the situation. Compe
tition was destroyed, dead, and without a monument other than the
ruin of enterprises. Mr. Rockefeller became dictator of the price
of crude oil to the producer, and of refined in all its forms to the
consumer. -
.This is merely the restatement of an admitted fact. Jn reply
to the somewhat hysterical attacks upon Mr. Rockefeller, his attor
ney has admitted the rebates and defended them on the ground that
when they were forced upon the railroads and enjoyed by his client,
there was no law against that form of discrimination. That Is both
true and false. There was no statute law against an evil and dis
crimination that had not been noticed nor discussed. But the com
mon law of common carriers, enforceable- by the courts in the ab
sence of a statute, requires that they give equal service at equal
and reasonable rate to all alike. The attorney's defense was made
in vindication of the morality of Mr. Rockefeller's business methods,
but it was an inadequate defense.
However, with the vast oil business field to himself Mr. Rock
efeller did not lose sight of his early discovery that whoso controls
the transportation of a country controls also its production and
consumption. His profits on the monopoly of oil were enormous,
and he began their systematic investment in the stocks of the estab
lished railroads of the country. He has not been like Gould, a
builder of new systems or wrecker and rebuilder of old. but a steady
investor in existing lines, until no one except himself and his asso
ciates and the roads concerned knows the extent nor location of his
railroad holdings, nor what mileage he absolutely controls. There
are, in places, revelations of his power over transportation. His
hand is shown when attempts are made to molest his use of /that
power, and that is all the people know about it.
His invasion of the Kansas oil field was accomplished by his
usual methods, tempting the cupidity of some producers and rousing
the fear of others, until he secured a control that made rival re
fineries impossible. Then the State attempted the foolish, socialistic
experiment of a State oil refinery, under public ownership. Tbe
advocates of that cure-all went into spasms of delight over that State
refinery. It was to be the proof and demonstration that public own
ership of everything is the sole cure for Rockefellerism. But the
State. Supreme Court very properly, and on constitutional grounds,
invalidated the law which created the State refinery, and Kansas
drew on common sense for a remedy and found it. not in public
ownership of public utilities, but in State control of its creatures, the
corporations, *he artificial persons which are subject to law the same
as natural persons. This remedy was achieved in a maximum rate
and anti-discrimination law. which no railroad dare violate in Kan
sas. Under the influence of these statutes independent refineries
rose in that State, and Mr. Rockefeller, deprived of preferences arid
special privilege, found that there was one spot on the planet where i
he must do business like other people, subject to the same limita
tions and liable to the same law. ?:".'
It is no digression to say that the incident illustrates the su
periority of public control over public ownership, and is a direct and
distinct vindication of the views of President Roosevelt. When Mr.
Rockefeller found himself reduced to business equality with his com
petitors, by Kansas law. he did not have to experiment with means
of reprisal. In that he is no empiric. Long practice and genius have
made him an expert. He resorted at once to his control of trans
portation outside of Kansas and beyond the arm of State law. The
rate on Kansas oil received by railroads at the State line was fixed
at an impossible figure. His competitors could do business in
Kansas on equal terms with him, protected by the law, but he shut
them out of an outside market by his control of transportation out
side. The Kansas oil producers say that the law secures for them
in Kansas a square deal, but when they cross the State line they are
commercially dead. That means that Mr. Rockefeller, by control
of the railroads, has established "a dead line," and kills all oil busi
ness that tries to cross it. The rate on oil from Chanute to Kansas
City. Kansas, no miles, is 7 1-2 cents, and from Kansas City, Kansas,
to Kansas City. Missouri, one mile, it is 17 cents. Mr. Rockefeller
will not permit the invasion of his old province of Missouri by his
independent competitors of Kansas.
In the old days the Kansas line was a dead line, alternately held
by the border ruffians and the free State men. Mr. Rockefeller is
the new type of border ruffian and holds the dead line as securely
witti a freight schedule as his antetype held it with a Winchester.
This situation joins the issue. It is between the United States and
John D. Rockefeller. The Interstate Commerce Commission is the
agent of the United States. Its powers must be enlarged so as to
give the independent oil interests in Kansas, and everywhere, equal
ity of right with Mr. Rockefeller. The Kansas dead line only inten
sifies the issue. Socialist propositions are cards in Mr. Rockefeller's
hand.' Public control of natural and artificial persons alike, as par
ties to the social compact, is the solution, and a square deal for
all is the goal.
We are persuaded that Mr. Rockefeller will have to come down
and submit to the law and be penalized for the same acts that
penalize others. .
POLITICS IN THE SCHOOLS.
PRESIDENT WHEELER has hit an evil square in the vitals iii
attacking partisan selection of officers to administer the school
laws. School management and partisanship do not mix iwelK
It makes every teacher, janitor and charwoman subservient- to the
boss, whoever he is. They get employment by favor and hold it
by sycophancy, unless they are exceptionally strong. We know
what partisanship has done in the debasing of municipal govern
ment, and no one need feel secure that it excludes the schools from
its methods.
One remedy is to separate the election of school officers from
the general or regular municipal election, and hold it oosn s a separate
day. This abolishes trading votes and avoids the consequences of
straight ticket voting, which was the means of injuring the 'school?
of Oakland at the last electionby the defeat S* Dr. Myra Knox, one
of the most expert school officers in the State. \\
But a different daf for the school election does! not complete
the measures needed for safeguarding the schools against parti
san control. The selection by nomination must be considered. In
other States this is accomplished .by the appointment in the regular,
party conventions of joint school committees^ which meet and nomi
nate the school ticket. These committeemen are a sort of selected
electors, whose choice goes to the people for affirmation. Where
this has been tried it has worked satisfactorily. The only complaint
made is that the nominees of the joint committee are usually so fit
'and satisfactory that the people do not generally vote in large num
bers at the school election. This is not an insuperable objection to
the system, sinee -whenever an unfit person is nominated by the
committee a riYaJ candidate appears and the contest calls out the
voters.
By such a system of selection and election the people have a
chance to Manifest their interest in public education, which they are
denied when the school ticket is merged in the partisan ticket, to be,
used in trades and usually suffers in its personnel from the methods
by which- it is chosen.
THE :SAN FRANCISCO ; CAL.C: FRIDAY, /DECEMBER:^ 1905.
RAILROAD CONDUCTOR
GETS $10,000 JOB
HENRY N. ROCKWELL,
GOVERNOR HIGGINS of New
iTork made a sudden transforma
tion in the position of .Henry N.
Rockwell, a railroad conductor, by ap
pointing him a member of the State
Board of Railroad Commissioners,
a post paying $10,000 a year, says the
Chicago Tribune. Rockwell, who lias
been in railroad -service forty years,
was -at his usual! work on the Empire
State Express when it pulled into Al
bany on December 3. As he swung oft
to get his orders a delegation, headed
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES.
PENSION— A. C. R., Chinese Camp,
Cal. The United States Government does
not pay lJt-nsions to soldiers who served
in the Confederate army- and navy.
"MOUNTAIN MlSERY"— Reader. City.
The plant commonly called "Mountain
Misery" has a blossom. It resembles the
blossom of the strawberry.* It is white
with a yellow center.
LEASK— H. M., City. There is 110 law
that reauires that "a' lease shall be re
corded. Either party to a letise may
have the same recorded as a matter of
protection. The fact that a lease Is. not
recorded does not invalidate it.
HALF-DIME— D. N.. Stockton. Cal.
Had you carefully read this department
you would have discovered, that it does
not answer questions as to the value of
coins, except by mail, when a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope accompa
nies the question.
RUSSIA AND JAPAN— J. 8., City.
According 1 to a table of figures pub
lished last September, relative to the
.Russo-Japanese war. the total dead and
wounded, including the battle of the
Seaof Japan, was: Russia, 192,000, and
Japan. 154,000. The figures do | not
segregate the number of dead from the
number of wounded. ,
WIDOW'S PENSION— E- W.. City. The
widow of a United States soldier who
has l)*>on recotvJns' a pension is
titled to receive such pension. ats> long
as she remains unmarried, but it ceases
on her remarriage. Should she marry
an ex-soldier receiving a pension and
again, become a widow she would re
ceive. her second husband's pension dur
ing her second widowhood.
OCEAN DEPTH— Subscriber. City. Ac
cording to the publications of 'the, latter
part of 1905, the greatest depth of ocean
is in the Guam Trench— five thousand two
hundred and , sixty-nine fathoms,; or. .11.614
feet. Other depths are as follows: Mur-
LIGHTER SIDE OF LI FE
HER METHOD.
:."Dopb your -wife call you'
down when you get home late?"
"No. She's sot : the \ parrot
:and 'the 'phonograph' so . that
"they'll both say it hs soon as 1
enter, the room."
bright: boy.
.; Cholly— Well?, * Johnny, you
lfliist have learned; a -good deal
at : school. " Can ; you : name 'ten
animals to-be found in Africa?
-Johnny— Yes. An elephant
and nine tigers. *
by the Governor's secretary, ap
proached him and handed him an-elab
orately decorated document which
made him Railroad Commissioner. 'He
is 56 years old. As a boy he was an
office boy in 'a -railroad office, where he
learned 'telegraphy. He became suc
cessively operator, assistant dispatcher,
assistant conductor and conductor in
the service of the New York Central.
In an interview he said hedoes not be
lieve in Government ownership of rail
roads and that, in his belief a railroad
operative gives the best service after
he has reached 40.
-\u25a0 i- - >' ' •.
ray (Challenger expedition) states the
greatest depth of the Atlantic Ocean at
27,366 feet; ? Pacific Ocean, 30,000 feet; In
dian Ocean, 18,582 feet; Southern Ocean,
25.200 feet;; Arctic Ocean, 9,000 feet. '
The Atlantic Ocean has an- area, in
square miles, of eJ.53*5,000; Pacific Ocean,
50,309.000: Indian Ocean.. 17.0S4.000; Arctic
Ocean, 4.751.000: Southern Ocean, 30,592,000.
MI.C.V— J. L. V.. Redding. Cal. The
value of mica, sheet or, scrap depends
upon the dortiiuid. The. product 'of 'the
United States in 1902 was valued! at
$SS.S4 - J for sheet and 513.0 M for'scrap;
the following year, it was , $17,128 for
the former and $41,490 for the latter. These
figures are the aggregate value for the
product of each of the years \u25a0 given.
Mica is used -in Siberia, China, Peru
and other countries as a substitute
for window glass. It is. also used *f or
lanterns end fronts of stoves. For ad
ditional information' on this subject on
the. line .of a mineral, address a com
munication to the California Mining
Bureau, Ferry Deoot, San Francisco,
Cal. \u25a0\u25a0 • . -, • \u25a0 \ : :- t :-^: ; -
CITIZENSHIP— A. Alameda. Cal. : An
alien who desires to become' a citizen
of the United States must- make a
declaration of \u25a0 .Intention to become
sucli iit any .time after arrival, and af
ter five years' residence in the United
Staies he may apply for naturalization
or "'second papers," as 'they' are com
monly called. An alien cannot become
a naturalized citizen " until after he
has declared intention to becomesuch,
no matter how long he may have re
sided in the country. At the time an
alien applies to be naturalized it must
appear that, he has resided' continuously
in the United. States for five years/that
lie has resided in the State ; . or-Terri
tory; for one : year in?. v whlch' is \located
the court in which-he, applies for final
papers, and that two years ; before
making such«;.< application he made
declaration of- intention to become; a
citizen. - - . . .
i iWOULD HAVE? TO.
.;VGeprg cf -We'd die for one- an
othor, wouldn't , wer dearest?
Yes— er— er-4-r^ think
we would. have to on your sal
ary.-.:: '&s\u25a0;>. \u25a0\u25a0 . . \u25a0£.:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ,-:\o.v:v
* >.. BETWEEN j FRIENDS."
+ ; Lena-~Fred>kissed"me'ln the
rv.- .
;>X Flora— Must' 1 have been>aw
\u25a0;• fully ; dark.* -V -*•; ' ';'•-•; '•-•
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. Waterhouse
UNLESS WE FAIL. !
HEIGHO! Heigho! As on we go.
. :i --The world and. l together.
. .The roses bud, the roses blow,
The tiny' birds wing to and fro,
And, ever: in an elfin dance
The sunbeams gltam, ..;the sunbeams
glance,
And.life'is fair as I would know—
Unless ; I fail ito make It-' so—
'And golden is Its weather.
Ay, sweet the \u25a0 song ' of life,; l trow—
Unless .we fail to make it so.
in : fairy dells where Music dwells
I hear the' brooks a-chatter,
And timid creatures, rarely seen,
Peep out -at 'mo from nooks of green;
I hear /them whisper, "Comrades dear,
"Perhaps this one we need not fear,"
While I 'reply, "Ye people . small,
Ye need not fear my hand at all."
5 Then ' patter, patter, patter.
Away they frisk in elfin glee — '
Ah, life is sweet, if we will see.
Heigho! Heigho! One thing I know,"
If ne'er I know another:
The soul is greater than its ill;
Though oft it fall, it standeth still.
Though ghouls of night be now released,
The dawn shall crimson-point the east,
And tuneful birds shall wake to say, \u0084
"It comes— it comes! The day— thd day!"
Ay, this is tiuth, my brother.
Oh, sweet the life that all may know—
Unless we fail to make it -so. "
THEY WERE IMPORTANT.
Once upon a time, Heloise, there was a
man who was very : important, as every
body, admitted; and he married a woman
who .was extremely Important, as every
body conceded; and the wedding was an
important function, as was freely men
tioned in the papers; and they lived in
I an important house on an important ave
nue, as you would have known merely by
looking at the house; and the man accu
mulated much money. ' which, as every
body knows, is the most important of all;
and it is *an important fact that he used
the important money to benefit nobody in
particular— not even himself: and the
couple lent importance to a certain im
portant church by wearing their best
clothing and attending it every Sunday:
and after a while they secured a divorce
which was so supremely important that
the papers publisne-d " columns and col
umns concerning it: and they "
What's that, Heloise? You want to asli
a fewquestions? "Well, fire 'em in! That's
what I am here for. What is there so im
portant about these things? you ask.
Blessed if I know, my dear girl; I never
could lind out, but you niay-bet a nice,
new pair of gloves that they are impor-'
tant, and. very important, else we would
net a!! so readily concede that they are.
Are these people still as important as they
were? you inquire. Well, 1 cannot say
definitely i as to that, but I greatly fear
that they are not. You see, on two im
portant days they had two important
funerals, and since then I have not heard
much about them. They may be enjoy
ing an important and soft snap where
they have cone, but, if so, they do not
mention the fact. It is strange, is it not,
Heloise, .how . our importance does get
mixed with crude .and unimportant dust?
"Vanity 'of vanities," saith the preach
er; "and claptrap and poppycocK." salth
(or might say) the layman. How big in
our eyes are the little things! And how
important are the worthless!
But there, He'.olse, if you wish to hear
the rest of this sermon you should go
and hear Rev. -Prettyman next Sunday,
and il you do, I do not doubt that you
will hear from his inspired, lips such a
spiritual message as will cause you to
cease! wondering what Mrs. Bontort's new
cloak cost for as much as six or eight
seconds. -So long, dear girl! I really must
be going. y
BUTTED I\.
The man who got there, I wish you via
note,
Butted in.
He didn't stand still with his heart in his
throat;
He knew he must move if the bonds he
would float:
So he buttonholed one, and he collared
another, f \u25a0
Was really 'a pest that nobody could
smother.
They named him a fool, and they called
\u25a0 him a bore, .-,.
But he pocketed cash as he still evermore
His case was \u25a0 not singular; others there
Whose "nerve" is a thing to admire from
,:afar, ;
For if 'you get closer it's likely to jar;
Yet oftentimes these are the fellows, I
\u0084 note, .' .x . ' •
Whose doings we heed and whose sayings
we quote,
And often a tribute we're tendering still
To him who is merely displaying his skill
Butting in.
"What a perfect complexion she has!"
"Well, it ought to be. She. pays more
for it than any other woman in. her set."
MOTTOES FOR ALL PROFESSIONS.
The physician's— Cut it out.
The lawyer's— Anything that's fees-ible.
The. clergyman's— Behold! the call-dron
boileth. " . — - \u25a0 . .
The journalist's— What's writes write.
: The politician's— Keep it dark.
The merchant's— Buy.-and buy.
. The life insurance official's— Honesty is
the best policy;' but any other old policy
.will*' do. .
"Mabel is attending the university, you
know." \u25a0'\u25a0 ',
.".Yes.'V
. \u25a0•.".Well, , her.-, mother, happened to tell
young Dr. Sageman that- she was a little
weak in her: ethnology. You can't- guess
what he said." . r \u25a0 .'
"No;, what did he. say?"
"He said he feared that-an operation
might be necessary."
CINDERELLA AND THE SLIPPER.
"The PHnce,'-'. said the fairy godmother,
"is- going to ail the maidens In his realm
in order, to find and marry the one whom
your, slipper, will fit."
"It's a cinch for me," the beautiful Cin
derella murmured.
" "And you must let him try it on'your
foot-When; he : comes to you," the fairy
godmother continued." ; v if
"Will .1 wear the i-hose you gave. me
when ho does it?" Cinderella anxiously
Inquired.' ' |^J^^^BsMB*BBhBBBB
"Sure!"' was the soothing response.
"Well,' then, he may^ do it,"; Cinderella
blushlngly 'remarked,:."but— but-— "-.
"But what,", my 'dear?" r
"I do \u25a0 wish that the 1 slipper was a
boot." \u25a0 i&\flf£BsPp^
f So^her fairy' godmother assured her
tnateverythlngwould pan out all right
and -things; went- beautifully, Just as
you haye 1 - read .' about 1 them » in ; the ;books.
.You are a sinner; so -am. I—
:Of guilt-may we.be ; shriv€;ri;; >
' But . those Vwho sin. In other "ways— -' \
They should j not be -forgiven."*
; If «Chrlstian:.e'er -ba ; counted thisr :
' A*: futile, ; worthless : name,;
"• Be thine and : mine, Vwhorri ; He did teach,
Thefsore\disgrace and; shame. -
"Hoi taught : us' lovei; He lived for love, '
-\u25a0 : ,?IHe i'j died for ' love 1 alone; :
AjuTif : His name ".is •dragged in mire,
[ 'j \ The shame is ' all bur own.
THE SMART SET
SALLY SHARP
The most elaborate of the season's
home events took place last evening
at the handsome residence of Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, who was hostess at a
large i dinner dance in • honor of her
granddaughter. Miss Genevieve Harvey.
Tnis affair has been 'eagerly awaited
by the smart set members, who readily
recall the delights of last years ball
at the. St. Francis given by Mrs. Mar
tin to Miss Anita Harvey.
Over sixty guests were present at
last evening's function, which was, a
sight not soon to be forgotten, with
its wealth of flowers and rich gowns.
The large square entrance hall was
lined with genuine English holly, the
drawing-rooms being filled with Amer
ican Beauty roses bowing from great.
artistic vases. In the dining-room were
five tables, four small round ones sur
rounding a very large one, upon each
of whicn was a profusion of the same
graceful rose, with 'the accompanying
glow of crimson-shaded candelabra.
The conclusion of dinner saw the ar
rival of a score of men to participate
in the dance that followed, the total
number of guests including Mis* Gene
vieve Harvey, Miss Anita Harvey, Miss"
Margaret Barron, Miss Leonore Brewer,
Miss Marie Brewer, Miss Helen Bailey,
Miss Suzanne Blanding. Miss Violet
Buckley, Miss Helen Chesebrough, Miss
Lucy Gwin Coleman, Miss Linda Cad
wallader, Miss .Constance de Young.
Miss Newell Drown.' Miss Dorothy
Eells, Miss Marlon Huntlngton, Miss
Gertrude Jolllffe, Miss Marjorle Jos
selyn. Miss Maisee Langhorne. Miss
Ruth McNutt, Miss Margaret Newhall,
Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss Barbara
Parrott, Miss Emily Parrott. Miss Flor
ence Cole, Miss Alice Sullivan,, Miss
Ethel Shorb, Miss Frances Stewart, Miss
Gertrude Hyde-Smith, _Ilss Bertha
Goodrich, Mrs. Peter D. Martin. Mrs.
JWa'lterS. Martin. Mrs. Cutter. Gerald
'Rathbone, Raymond Armsby, Gordon
Armsby, Percy King, Thomas C. Van
Ness, King Van Rensselaer, Willard W.
Drown, Edward Barron, Wilberforce
Williams, James D. Phelan, James W.
Byrne, Dr. Harry Tevis. Baldwin Wood,
Arthur Chesebrough, Aimer Newhall,
Charles de Young, John Lawson, Clar
ence McKlnstry, John A. Wllcox. Eyre
Pinckard. Edward M. Greenway. Oscar
F. Cooper. Prescott Scott. Edward
Tobin. Courtney Ford. John Brockway
Metcalf. Richard Tobln. Sidney Salis
bury, • Latham McMullen. Clarence
Follls. Joseph Tobin. J. Downey Har- |
vey, Peter D. Martin. Walter S. Mar- I
tin. Cyril Tobin, Count de la Rocca. j
Philip Paschel. Dr. James Pressley, j
Leon Bocquerez. Roger . Bocquerez.
Grantland Voorhies, Dr. ReiloflV Lieu
tenant Morris E. Locke. Perry Evans, ]
Bradley Wallace. Willard Bartor.; Lieu
tenant Higgins. U. S. A.; Covington
Pringle, Horace Pratt and Edward A.
Davis.
• • : "\* .
The Sequoia Club is making a splen
did record for entertainments of clever
ness and success, many of the members
exhibiting latent and unsuspected talent
in the line of culinary art.
Knowing Good From Evil
WALLACE RICE
SOMETIMES I wonder, when I lis
ten' to the conversations about re
cent revelations of dishonorable
conduct in high places, whether the
average man really knows what te
right and what is wrong.
You are told that there was noth
ing wrong In Chauncey M. Depew's
taking a retainer from an insurance
company as a lawyer, when it was
merely given him to secure his politi
cal influence in advancing or sup
pressing legislation at Albany, as the
company wished. As a lawyer he was
without power of the sort; if he pos
sessed it as a Senator of the United
States or as a politician it seems plain
to me that- he was selling his Senator
ship or declaring himself a venal pol
itician.
Personally, it appears to me that a
man who will take his seat in the
United States Senate and swear the
solemn oath he is compelled to take
as a Senator, knowing all the time
that his first duty is not to the United
States or the people thereof at all, but
to a certain railway company and set
of railway interests, has shown so
blunt a sense of his own honor that
anything may be expected of him ex
cept "good.
PEOPLE IN THE PUBLIC EYE.
Rev. David Hillhouse Buel, the new
president of Georgetown University, is
one of the pronounced "Opponents of the
present methods In football and says
one of the greatest drawbacks a col
lege has to combat with is that "the
public too often judges of the strength
of a college by its strength in the line
of athletics."
-Ontario's new Postmaster General,
A. B. Aylcsworth, who Is seeking elec
tion to Parliament in succession to Sir
William Mulock. is described as closely
resembling Abraham Lincoln in ap
pearance, being 6 feet 6 inches in
height, spare, a life-long temperance
worker." a champion of provincial rights
and a strict Presbyterian.
Police Justice Pollard of St. Louis
hus for several years followed a rule
with cases of drunkenness which has
for Its sole idea reformation Instead of
punishment. .When men are brought
before 'him for the first time he requires
them to sign a total abstinence pledge
for a year or more and stays the sen
tence as long as the pledge Is kept.
John Hawkes, a Cincinnati lumber
man who arrived . on the new turbine
liner :Carmanla, i has completed 114 voy
ages across the Atlantic, or 228 cross
ings. He has enjoyed the unusual op
portunity of crossing the Atlantic on
the Initial trips of five Cunard steamers
—the Batavia, Bothnia, Servla. Lucanla
and Carrnania. Hawkes is known
among travelers as "the old man of the
sea."
.Vice President" Fairbanks has a
sweet tooth, ice cream, being his special
weakness. He would "ia'ot" enjoy : the fin
est kind "of a repast unless assured that
it would be topped off with his favorite
dainty. Next , to Ice-cream in his gas
tronomic affection comes a sort of- fruit
salad made of cherries, chopped grapes,
oranges and bananas. . The whole Is
covered -with old Madeira, then frozen
and is served with whipped cream.
GeC rge W. Vanderbilt has created Bllt
more village, a * model settlement near
Ashevule. N. C, and instituted many
benevolent and educational enterprises
for. the benefit of his own employes and
the community In general. There are fifty
cottages, besides the :\u25a0 stores and public
buildings.; a village green and a plaza,
macadam streets ' lighted .with electricity,
a Protestant Episcopal church," a hospital
and /dispensary, a? parish* school with
equipment : r for -Industrial and manual
training,; for 115 s pupils : and a girls'; and
bdy's* club. \u25a0 * •
Yesterday Will Sparks, the artist,
gave a luncheon In the clubrooms. en
tertaining seven of his pupils as guest.*,
the host performing the duties and arts
of chef.
Wednesday evening saw a congenial
gathering of Sequoians at the bidding
of Mr. and Mrs. Adolphus Graupner,
who gave a dinner in the club and like
wise executed the intricacies of iv
i preparation with mastar hands.
! A Jolly time followed, with toasts
complimentary to the delicate viands,
host and hostess.
Those partaking and enjoying in
cluded Miss Helen Robson, Miss
Vivian Gedge. Miss Lalla • Wenzelbur
ger Miss Griswold. Mrs. Linda H.
Bryan. Mrs. Louis H. Long. Mrs. Rtsley.
Mrs Solly Walter. Dr. Sumner Hardy.
Dr Godfrey Broderick. Charles Sedg
wlek Alken Rothwell Hyde. E. Myron
Wolf. R Sasson Smith. Charles IL
Lombard, Robert Porter. Mr. and Mrs.
Graupner. »
• • •
The Presidio Club was filled with
gay dancers last evening, a very large
attendance representing the various
military posts about the bay. with
several of the smart set from town,
also adding their presence. This ar
falr was the most successful of the
season and the Presidio dances are al-,-»r
ways filled with pleasure of an in-\T
formal nature, though the more elab
orate preparations of last evening ab
stracted nothing from the usual Jol
"*•\u25a0 . . .
With the waning of Christmas tida
and the oncoming new year, eggnogg;
parties continue to fill the Interven
ing space with merriment and holiday
greeting. Several have taken place,
among the pleasant Informal gather
ings being that yesterday at the home
of Miss Laura Farnsworth.
Mrs. Charles Plummer Perkins was
also an eggnogg hostess, aboard the
Pensacola yesterday, lying oft \erb.i
Buena. A number of guests crossed
over from town.
• • •
Mrs«. Henry Payot will receive to-day
in her old home, 922 Ellis street, where
she will be at home Fridays during
the season.
• • •
Mrs. William G. Morrow is enter
taining at a. luncheon to-day In her
Sausalito home. The affair, in honor
of Miss Mabel Bacon of oanta Barbara,
will call several guests from this city
to greet the young visitor. Bridge will
follow luncheon and Miss Bacon will
then make her adieu, for she leaves in
a few days with her mother, Mrs. Ja
cob Bacon, for the south.
• • •
A banquet was given to the Stata
Superintendents of Schools last even
ing in the White and Gold room of thof^
St. Francis by the executive committee
of the State Educational Association.
• • •
The Entre Nous Cotillon Club will
give a ! dance and banquet next Satur
day evening in the Palace Hotel.
I am told that there is nothing
wrong in giving the members of one's
own family the preference in. appoint
ments to fat positions, since it 13 a
man's duty to care for his own. Or.
course, it te his duty — at his own ex
pense. In officials holding positions of
trust, whether under the Government
or not, it is nothing less than wicked
to provide for kinsfolk at the expense
of the public. Nepotism has always
been thought wrong by high-minded
men at all times and in all places.
Nor is it a sufficient answer to say
to those who urge that these things
are wrong. "You would do .the same
thing in his place." The high ideals
persist in this world, no matter what
sinful deeds are done.
The ten commandments do not
cease to be operative merely because
they are frenuently broken. All the
thieves in the world cannot make
stealing right. If the person who ob
jects to a low standard of honor and
integrity succumbs to temptation aml^v
himself sinks down toward death, the^
high standards nevertheless remain.
And of all the blunted notions of
what constitutes true probity and up
rightness the. conception that a sneer
at protestations of righteousness ft
even permissible seems to me the
most wicked. Devils can do no more.
COHEN'S LITTLE JOKE
Cohen, being an influential man. in his*
own* certain "select" society, naturally
could poll a great many votes for hi.*
favorite candidate. Assured, of corre
sponding individual benefit in exchange
for his influence. Cohen "boosts" tur
the "bosses' " man.
The man wins and Cohen gets the
desired position.
Cohen struts around in a grand uni
form at the railroad station, and in a
most, condescending manner gives the
people any information concerning train
times, etc., which they, may require.
A lady steps up to Cohen and polite
ly asks him "When the last train
leaves for Chicago."
Cohen looks at her and laughs.
She thinks he misunderstands ' and
ask him again.
Cohen simply howls with laughter
this time.
Lady becomes indignant, and after.
giving him a severe tongue lashing de
mands that he inform her "When the
last train leaves for Chicago."
Cohen looks. at her again and says
i with his richest Yiddish accent:
"Matama. I shoot only vish you— you
shoot lift so long unt you cud see It." —
Magazine of Fun.
LOADED AFFECTION.
. .."A practical Joke,'\said Barney Old
field, the uutomobillst, to a St. Louis
Dispatch man. "was played on me. last
season. 1 nad my revenge, though.
"The practical joke took the form of
a -telegram from a friend of mine
travallng in Italy. It came 'collect.' It
cost me $7. and when I opened It all I
read was: ;
" 'I am well.'
"To get ! back at my friend 1 went
out and found a cobblestone of about
eleven pounds weight. I wrapped, this
stone in excelsior and ptnk paper,
sealed it "up In a handsome box -and
sent- It by express, 'collect,' to my
friend abroad.
"It cost him *S for the box and on
opening It he found, along with the
stone, a note from me that said:
** 'On receipt of the new* that you
were In good health the accompanying
load' rolled off my heart.'",
Townsend's California glace fruit*
and choicest candles In artistic A%M
tfched do« 3. New store, 767 Marked* .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Cllppim; Bureau (Allen's), 30 Call-
Jornia itrG«t Telephone Mala IHL •AGITATOR CAUSE
OF THE ATTACK
Man Who Was With Him
Tells of Admiral Train's
Trying Experience in China
ONLY TWO SHOTS" FIRED
David E. Gray. Who Arrived
on Coptic, Shares Danger
With American Officers
David R. Gray, who was with Rear
Admiral Train and his party when
they were attaok-'d l>y Chinese near
'Nganking. arrive 1 here Wednesday
evening on the lin< r Coptic. Gray shot
<ne of the attacking Chinese and oy
co doing saved the life of Governmen£
Pilot Langley. who himself had killed
a native a few minutes before to save
Captain F. F. Fletcher from being im
paled on a pitchfork in the hands of
an angry Celestial. These, saya Gray,
were the only shot* fired.
Gray was on board the Coptic yes
terday and told the story of the en
counter. He Is a nephew of J}. D.
Stubbs, general manager of the Occi
dental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany. He had been traveling in the
Far East for pleasure and was invited
to join the Train party on the trip on
which the Nganking affair occurred.
With the United States gunboats
(general Alava and Quiros, the party
traveled down the river from Hankow
.snd anchored about twenty miles above
Nganking. The admiral, Captain
Train, his son. who was in command
of the Qulroa; Captain F. F. Fletcher,
the admiral's chief of staff; J. Langley,
Government pilot; Gray, an orderly,
• «nd a Chinee servant went ashore to
shoot pheasants.
Some spent shot from Captain
Train's gun struck a Chinese woman
who was hidden behind some bushes,
scaring her badly, but inflicting but
plight injuries. The officers went to
the woman's assistance. When they
found she had been so slightly hurt
.tlipy started for the gunboats, prom
ising to send the ship's doctor to look
hJ. the woman and to make just re
paration for the injuries inflicted.
"We had settled the matter." says i
Gray, "and it would have ended right
there but for the presence in the
neighborhood of a professional agi
tator. Before we reached the ships
we found ourselves surrounded by
about SCO angry natives, armed with
farming implements."
DISARM THE OFFICERS.
The natives took the shotguns from !
Admiral and Captain Train. The ad
miral resitted and was thrown to the
ground with some violence. The ad
miral was then allowed to proceed to
the ship, but Captain Train and the
orderly were held as hostages.
Then followed a parley, which lasted
six hours. In the meantime the sur
geon from the Quiros had examined
the woman and pronounced her In
juries plight. The villagers were as
sured that the ships would not go
away until the woman, who by this
time had developed a bad attack of
hysterics, had entirely recovered. All
right, said the villagers, but they
would hold Captain Train and the or
derly as security for the foreign dev
ils' word. No argument would Induce
them to consent to the liberation of
the ho-stages. so signals were made to
the gunboats and forty bluejackets
were sent ashore.
Before the force from the ships ar
rived the American officers made a
break for liberty. In his flight Cap
tain Fletcher tripped and fell. A Chi
nese was about to stick a pitchfork
Into the prone form, when Pilot Lang
ley whipped out a revolver and bored
a neat hole through the Celestial's
head. Fletcher regained his feet and
the retreat was resumed. Then Lang
ley fell and one of the villagers
charged at him. also with a pitchfork.
This time Gray's revolver spoke and
the second Chinaman bit the dust.
Then came the bluejackets.
Gray continued:
You don't know what a bully fine chap the
American bluejacket ie until you get into a
tiEht place among a lot of howling yellow
Arrtti and a bunch of weil-tralned, well-armed
and fesxlesy sailormen come trotting to the '
i-eecue. It was all over when they got there.
IVCIDEXT CLOSED.
Admiral Train did not wish to make any
report of the Incident to Washington by ca»
bl«. aa he was afraid the affair might eeem
more serious than It really was. We returned
to Xcarik-.njr and Admiral Train reported the
affair to the Chinese Governor, who went in
a gunboat to the scene. The Governor re
turned the following day with the two ehot
trant. He assured Admiral Train that he was
•\u25a0atitfled the shooting had been accidental and
that ample re&aratlon had be*n made for the
alight injury Inflicted. He apologized most
\ profoundly for the indignity to which the
officers had been submitted and assured Ad
miral Train that the offenders, who were un
der arrest, would b« puninhed. This means
their heads would be cut oft.
* The admiral did not leave until the whole
bui.ce»s b&d bten settled and the Incident
clewed. H« was anxious to avoid comollca
tions with either Peking or Washineton. But
the etory reached Hongkong In greatly exag
gerated form, and when we got there th«
edmiral fcund cables from the State Denart
ment requesting a full report of the affair.
DETECTIVE STRJCKEN DOWN.— T. B.
Olbson. the well known detective sergeant,
ru stricken with an attack of heart failure
while on a Market- street car yesterday morn
ing on his way to the Hall of Justice. He was
taken to his home at 121« Fell street. He had
a second attack In the hack. Dr. Nelson was
* rurnitnjned at one« and attended the patient.
He f aid last evening that there was a marked
Improvement, which will be glad news to Oib
hon'e many friends. ; ' z '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 :
6* FAMILY OOCToa**
"All Is Not Gold
That Glitters"
neither is witch hazel the same
thing as Pond's Extract even
though your dealer tells you so
and it looks and smells the
same. It only takes one trial
to discover the difference.
Witch Hazel is not the same thing.
On analysis of seventy samples of
Witch Hazel— offered as " the same
thing"— fifty-two were shown to
contain wood alcohol or formaldehyde ,
er both. Avoid danger of poisoning
by using /
J OND'S EXTRA t
\A/. X. HESS.
Votary Public- and Attorney-at-Law,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bldg..
Telephone Main 863.
Residence. ISO 2 McAllister «t-
4us»:dtnce Telephone Pas* 66U-
NO STATEMENT
IS GIVEN OUT
Mitchell Changes His Mind
Upon Advice of Counsel
and Declines to Explain
COMMITTEE CONSULTS
Estimate of Indebtedness
to Be Formulated When
Clark Balances the Books
R. Brent Mitchell left his home on Pa
cific avenue yesterday for the first time
since his failure was made public, but
he did not visit the offices on New Mont
gomery 6treet, where he has been doing
business as a stockbroker. He called
upon several friends In the business por
tion of the city. His mission was sup
posed to be to raise funds. to settle with
his creditors. He did not furnish the
statement to the press that he volun
tered, Wednesday evening, to make. His
attorney, John A. Percy, advised him
against making any statement. Last
evening Mitchell said he would have mat
ters straightened out by next Tuesday.
The committee appointed by Mitchell's
creditors to Investigate his affairs held
two conferences yesterday. George Mas
tick of the committee said last evening
that Charles Clark, who was Mitchell's
bookkeeper, had been instructed to bal
arce the books and to estimate the values
of securities in which the creditors were
inteicsted on the basis of the official clos
ing prices at Kew York on Tuesday night
last. Considerable figuring will have to
by done, but Clark reported to the com
mJtioo that he would probably have the
books ready to submit for Inspection by
to-morrow morning. Probably no expert
will ba employed, the committee of cred
itors having come to the opinion that
they can dispense with an expert.
A meeting of the creditors will be held
next weok, when their committee may
have a report of the standing of Mitch
ell's affairs to submit and his methods
of doing business may be discussed in the
report.
Mitchell lnet evening declined to go into
details regarding his failure or his plan?.
He said his attorney, John A. Percy, had
refused to allow him to make public any
of his business affairs, and added he
would give out no statements for publi
cation till after next Tuesday afternoon.
•1 will say, hewever," said Mitchell
yesterday, "that I am now out of my
financial tangle. It got up bright and
early this morning and was closeted with
several of my financial friends. They are
going to come to my rescue and every
thing will be straightened out. I will not
be in a position to talk about a settle
ment till after the meeting of my cred\t
ors, which, I understand, will take place
next Tuesday afternoon.
"Illness was the sole cause of the un
fortunate failure. Had I been a well man
everything would have gone along
smoothly, and no failure could possibly
have happened. Every one has acted
very justly toward me in my hour of
trouble, and I am now so fixed to be In a
position to say that a speedy settlement
will be reached soon."
Mitchell refused to say on what basis
a settlement would be made, nor would
he divulge the names of the men of fin
ance who are comine to his rescue with
ready funds. He says they volunteered
their services, and as they are all capi
talists and men of standing they will
make good what they have promised
to do.
Mitchell has recovered entirely from his
nervous shock and appeared to be In a
cool state of mind yesterday. He was
around town nearly- all day, but managed
to keep his whereabouts quiet, * though
hundreds sought him at his offices and
elsewhere.
GRAND JUHY TO MEET TO-DAY.
Inquisitorial Body Will Probably In
vestigate the Failure of Mitchell.
Late last night District Attorney By
ington sent a call to the Grand Jury
to meet this afternoon at 3 o'clock in
the courtroom of Judge Lawlor in the
Hall of Justice. The request was not
accompanied by any explanation, but
it is said on good authority that the In
quisitorial body will be asked to look
fully Into the failure of R. Brent
Mitchell, the swamped stock broker.
The members of the jury gathered
in the City Hall last night, but were
without a quorum. They awaited in
structions from the District Attorney,
which were soon forthcoming. Noth
ing was done last night and soon after
Byington's message was received th/s
jurors disbanded to met again this
afternoon.
The cases of Jurors Hunter, Hartley
and Hickman of the Collins trial may
also be looked into.
The grand jurors/were In the dark
last night regarding what Bylngton
wished them to do, but they all knew
that some pressing business was at
hand when the District Attorney called
for a special meeting so quickly.
SHIPS OVER THREE TONS T ..;
OP GOLD TO SACRAMENTO
City Treasurer SlcDousrald Takes
5J,5T,3,H45 83 to Capital for Settle
ment With the State.
City Treasurer McDougald, accom
panied by Deputy Treasurer A. W.
Hebro, leaves for Sacramento ~ this
morning for the annual settlement with
the State, amounting to $1,853,845 S3,
which is the largest settlement ever
made by the city of San Francisco
witn the State of California. ; The
items follow:
Taxes, $1,548,852 36; poll taxes,
$32,702 90; Assessor taxes, $179,079 12;
redemption of property sold to the
State, $4071 34; Whlttler Reform
School, $1261 85; Preston School of
Industry. $5112; Feeble-Minded at
Glen Ellen, $12,122 50; collateral In
heritance tax, $70,499 76; incidentals,
$44. Total, $1,853,845 88.
The entire amount was In $20 pieces
and made three and a half tons of gold.
The coin will be counted in the State
treasury and It will take ten men a
whole day to count it The express
charges will amount to $1100.
Agent Foster Complimented.
United States Secret Service Agent
Thomas B. Foster received a very wel
come Christmas gift yesterday in the
shape of a letter from John B. /Wilkie,
chief of the service, announcing Mr.
Foster's promotion from the position of
special operative to that of operative,
with an Increase ,of salary. Chief
Wilkie complimented Mr. Foster upon
his promotion and said that It had
been brought about by Foster's excel
lent work In the San Francisco dis
trict.
MASONS WILL INSTALL OFFICERS.— The
following officers of Pacific Lodge, Free and
Accepted Masons, will be Installed to-night by
F L. Hansen,' P. M.. assisted by J. W. Ander
son. P. M.. as marshal of ceremonies: Andrew
W. Turpln, worshipful master; C. E. Jackson,
senior warden: K. F. Leonard, Junior warden;
George L. Darling, treasurer; George Penling
ton, secretary; Eugene Blkus, senior deacon; E.
8. - Isaacs, Junior deacon; Malcolm McLean,'
marehal; Eugene L. Marshall, senior steward;
Walter S. Gray. Junior steward; James Whit
ten, tyler. The Installation will be followed
by a banquet at the Lick House,
Try the United States Laundry. :oo*
Market street Telephone South 430. •
THE .SANIFRANGISGQiGALI.;; FRIDAY. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•PECJEMBEK;. :; IS9, ; ;I9OS.-;"' t
CABLE TO CROSS
NORTHERN SEAS
Ocean Telegraph Line, With
• the American End at
Yaldez, Alaska, Projected
WILL SHORTENDISTANCE
Corporations in Icy Eegion
Trying to Make Purchase
of Government System
The prospects are that the laying of
another cable between America and j the
Orient with its western terminus in Alas
ka, will be commenced at a very early
date. -. ; . \u25a0, ' ' \u25a0 : \u25a0" '.'\u25a0: '
A. E. Boyd. president of the North
American Cable and Telegraph Company,
and vice president of the Alaska . Tele
graph and Telephone Company, Is in this
city from his headquarters at Nome,
where he has spent the last six years.
It is his first trip out during that period.
The North American Company recently
made application to lease or buy from
the United States Government all the
cable and land lines belonging to and op
erated by the United States In Alaska.
This embraces about 1600 miles and In
cludes the lines from Seattle to Nome.
The Alaska Telegraph Company already
has constructed and is the owner of 600
miles of lines in Alaska, in the vicinity
of Seward Peninsula. .
The Government lines have been oper
ated so far at a loss. If these are sold
or leased to the North American Com
pany, which is affiliated. with the Alaska
Telegraph Company,, the two will at once
commence the construction of a cable
line across the North Pacific.
It is the intention to build a cable from
Valdez to Dutch Harbor, thence to Kais
ka Island, and thence \to Vladivostok.
This covers a distance' of 4300 miles.
It is reported that the two companies
have unlimited financial backing for the
great work they propose to undertake.
The route over which the proposed new
cable is to run has been thoroughly in
vestigated, and Is feasible in every way.
Mr. Boyd has brought his family with
him from Nome. They enjoyed life in
that section of the country and spent
much of their time in driving over the
territory adjacent to Nome.
Mr. Boyd will leave early next week for
New York, the head offices of the two
companies he is Identified with.
PETITION FOR BELT
RAILROAD EXTENSION
Board of Harbor Commissioners Re
ceive a Petition From J. Dow
ney Harvey.
Harbor Commissioner Henry J.
Crocker obeyed the directions of his
medical adviser and did not attend the
session of the board yesterday. The
routine business was conducted by
President C. H. Spear and Commission
er J. D. Mackenzie.
It was reported to the , board that
the ferry steamer Oakland, on Decem
ber 27, in making a landing at slip
No. 6. broke the cluster on the south
side of the apron, placing the slip out
of commission. The cost of repairs
will be $1,000.
J. Downey Harvey, in a communica
tion, petitioned the board to continue
the Belt Railroad along the ; westerly
side of East street, from ' the present
terminus near Jackson street. . across
Washington street to Merchant, in
front- of hi» . property lying between
Washington and Merchant streets. The
petitioner agrees to do the work at
his own expense under the supervision
of the engineer and according to plans
and specifications of the board. The
petitioner also agrees to "recognize
and assume such obligation as is nec
essary in relation to the expense of
the track already built by the party
north of the present " terminal." The
"party" referred to in the petition is
the firm of Wellman, Peck & Co. The
petition was laid over for one week.
MANY POOR PERSONS ARE
GIVEN BASKETS OF FOOD
German Ladles' Benevolent Society
Hold* Itm Annual Christmas Fes- .
tival Distribution to the Poor.
According to its usual custom the
German Ladies' Beneyolent Society
held its Christmas festival and distri
bution to the poor Germans of this city
yesterday at upper Golden Gate Hall.
This charitable work has been In
vogue by this society for the last
thirty-flve years.
Many poor women and' children who
called at the hall yesterday were given
full baskets. Food, groceries and
money were given to the needy and
the ladies of the society received the
recipients as their guests at a little
party in which tea and refreshments
'were served.
The following are the officers and
ladles of the society:
Mrs. Caroline Koster, president: Mr*. Ma
thilda p=btrK. vice president; Mrs. Sophie
Goethey. treasurer; Mrs. Marie Fehlel&er sec
retary; Mrs. B. Brommel. Mrs. A. M. Burk.
Mrs. M. S. Grinbaum, Mrs. P. Glabenlcht, Mrs
H. Kreutzmann, Mrs. J. C. Menpdorffer, Mr*.
tt. Meyer. Mrs. P. D. Stadtmuller, Mrs. E.
SchUd, Mrs. H. St. Goar. .
CERTIFIES EL.IGIBL.ES
FOR POLICEI VACANCIES
Civil Service Board Names Appointees
for Captain, Lieutenant, Sergeant,
Corporal and Patrolman.
The Civil Service Commission yester
day certified for .appointment to va
cancies in the Police Department the
following eligibles on the civil service
list: '
Captain of police, Henry H. Colby, viea John
Splllane, deceased.
Lieutenant of police, William I. - Mullender,
vice Colby, promoted.
Sergeant of police, Henry Cllli, vico Mullen
der, promoted.
Corporal of police, Robert P. de Gulrt, vice
Cilia, promoted.
Patrolman, Thomas P. Fitzpatrlck, i vie* Da
Gulre.
New Year's at Hotel Del Monte.
Enjoy, the glass-bottom boats, hot
salt water: swimming, riding, ; driving,
tennis and golf on the finest: course in
California. ! Special : tickets,' good leav
ing San Francisco any train from Fri
day, December* 29; returning .by any
train Tuesday, January 2. Round-trip
rate. Including four, days' accommoda
tions at Del .Monte, $18. Through
train, with parlor car.leaves Third and
Townsend streets -daily at ; 3 o'clock,
returning leaves Del Monte 8:30 a. m. •
Increase Bonded Indebtedness.
The directors of , the Oro Water Light
and Power. Company , met yesterday at
their offices, 331 Pine street, and voted
to increase the bonded indebtedness to
$750,000.-
Welcome the;' Coming? ;• New* Year.
\u25a0With good old ..Evana'j Ale.; Brings
health and enjoyment Ho air who drink
it. Sherwood & Sherwood,'distributors.
WARRANT WILL WAIT FOR HIM.— G. W.
Brown, 185 Stevenson j street. | obtained \u25a0a | war
rant - from • Police • Judge - Mogan - yesterday ; for
the arrest of James J. Franklin on a charge of
felony embezzlement. He- is accused of steal
ing a horse and buggy on July 20, 1903. 'Frank
lin will be discharged from San Quent ln In a
few days and the warrant will be waiting for
him.. '-\u25a0. '\u25a0:-.\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0••\u25a0; -\ ..\u25a0 --.. \u25a0._ . : ..-..•
Eliminate from the blood the'uric and
lactic acids that 'I caune rheumatism 7 by
ualnsr Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters.*
Whose new poems are cabled to every \u25a0
part of the world; a single new story
by whom in a magazine is heralded and %*JL.
discussed. Here, however, are four f&/fe\
new stories by this author, Rudyard W \JJjL\
Kipling, all bought by one magazine, lO^^^^
and the best stories he has written for I|M»lipr
years. The first of the four is in aST^I
Ladies' Home Journal i
Last Month's Issue of A Million and Three Hun- \ Jm 1 2|
dred Thousand Copies was Completely Sold Out |*m I j I
15 Cents on Every News-Stand sj&^r J
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA Gs*r
PERSONALS.
Judge A. J. Hall and wife of Napa
are at the Lick.
A. Hugh Coburn of London, England,
Is at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. Bryant of Los Angele3
is at the St. Francis. \u25a0 \u25a0.
G. L. Hoxle, a large fruit grower of
Fresno, 13 at the Palace..
Lee A. Phillips. •an attorney 01
Stockton, is at the Palace.
R. E. Lafferty, a merchant of Port
land, Or., is at the Grand.
"W. G. Corbaley, interested in rail
roads in Eureka, is at the Lick.
H. B. Stapler, capitalist .and land
owner of Yerba City, is at the Lick.
J. A. Cranston, prominent in electric
circles in Portland. Or., is at the St.
Francis.
George A. Beavis, O. A. Wundf elder
and C. F. Levins of Portland, Or., are
at the St. Francis.
B. M. Steelnman and wife, who have
been making .an extended Eastern
tour, are at the Palace.
Herr TVindmuller, who is making a
tour round the world, registered at the
St. Francis yesterday from Berlin.
> Mrs. and Miss Whlttell of Burlln
game registered at the t St. Francis
yesterday. They will, leave on -the
Korea to-morrow \u25a0 for a* pleasure trip
around the world.
• Oscar C. Mueller, president ;of the
Edison Electric - Company of Los An
geles, is at the St. Francis, accom
panied by H. H. Sinclair of Pasadena,
vice president, and F. C. Finkle, chief
engineer of the same company.
Herman A. Behrens, actuary" of the
Conservative Life Insurance Company
of Los Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
lon Lewis of the firm of Wheddin &
Lewis, prominent architects of Port
land, Or., who has been touring
Southern California, is at the St.
Francis. He will leave for the north
early next week.
.Mr, and Mrs. Charles Wiggins are
registered at the St. Francis from St.
Louis. Mrs. Wiggins Is a member of
the famous Lorlllard family. ' Before
her recent marriage to Mr. Wiggins
she purchased . a beautiful home In
Santa Barbara, where she Intends to
reside. -. ,
Cnllforntnns In New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— The following
Calif ornians • have arrived In New
York: ;
From San Francisco — Frederick T.
Monson, at the Continental; C. B. New
ton, at the Broadway Central; J. L.
Norton Jr., at the Astor House. ,
F. M. SMITH AND WIFE MAKE
OFFER TO MILLS COLLEGE
Will Give, f 50,000 to Endow Chair If
Like \u25a0 Sum la' Raised by I
Next:»lay.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Smith of Oak
land have made an offer to Mills Col
lege of $50,000 aa an endowment fund,
provided an additional $50,000 Is raised
by commencement day, May 23, 1906.
Mr. and : Mrs.' Smith offer the money to
the college tori the endowment* of the
Mary Smith chair :of domestic science
in the college. Should the entire $100,
000 be" raised it will be the. second in
stallment .. toward v the proposed mil
lion-dollar endowment started by the
friends of the college ( some time ago,
the first $100,000 having been raised.
. | Great Interest ', attaches j to this offer,
because if the .college is so fortunate
as ,to meet the conditions of the gift It
will ; be -the- first woman's college In
the United States to -have a liberally
endowed department of domestic
science. , Iti, ls therefore "\u25a0 hoped, that
earnest effort may at once be ( made to
raise the required $50,000 and that this
Inspiring beginning iof the } new \ year
may mean great things for Mills Col
lege.
Oriental Children aa Guests.
• : Deaconess , Drant ' and 'a ; large -num
ber of Chinese . children '\u25a0_\u25a0> who are un
der her "tuition were 'the guests; of the
Sundayrschool; of Grace Church,: Cali
fornia street, corner of Stockton, last
evening. .The little Oriental children
were; .heartily /.welcomed and -were
given ; a huge Christmas.' tree and beau-,,
tlful presents H from > the :, young hosts
and hostesses.; /The ; Rev. Mr. Evans,
the ; rector, ' In \u25a0 greeting ; the guests, ex
pressed\ the I hope ~ : that they \ would 'not
only ,v come - to - the\ Christmas ' tree In
the :future, but also; tqT. the \ Christmas
altar.''-' '. '^l^-'O'^ '''-\u25a0'?^^\u25a0 ; ' t .: .-.
, INSANE .WOMAN ; FOUND" Ol*.i STREET.—
Ellse Candy,' . residing at_3l6 Jessie street, , was
found \u25a0 'wandering on ' Fourth ' street " by • Felice-,
raan Tillman yeßterday morning. He sent her
to : the i Detention 'Hoapitaln for treatment. - : Dr.
Glover, who was In charge,", decided to hold her
for further, observation.
MAULE BEE SON. | 5
Another of The Coll'« Special
Staff, has an Interesting : Story
on, ? The New Old; Mexico"; y >
IN ! NEXT SUNDAY'S " CALL. ;
F. A. STEVENS MADE
A SUPERINTENDENT
Accepts This Position on the
Yosemite Valley
Railroad.
. F. A. Stevens was yesterday appointed
superintendent of the Yosemite "Valley
Railroad.
Stevens Is a bright young man, well up
in his line of business, and his advance
ment to the position has been the cause
of congratulatfcm from a host of friends
with whom he is very popular.
Stevens was formerly master mechanic
of the North Shore Railroad. He is a son
of former Master Mechanic A. J. Ste
vens, who was for many years connected
with the. Southern Pacific Company at
Sacramento.
The Yosemite Valley Railroad has al
ready laid sereral miles of track and is
now working on eighteen miles of grad
ing. When complete the line will be
eighty-four miles long from Merced into
the valley. .--. »,; \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . . \u25a0;
SECURES BIG ALLOWANCE— Probate
Judge Coffey has granted tha petition of Mrs.
Laura L. Sabin, widow of the late John Ira
Sabln, for a monthly allowance from the es
tate of the deceased of 5750. The allowance Is
for the maintenance of . Mrs. Sabln and her
family pending the settlement of the estate.
Golden State Limited— The Warm Win
ter Way.
The route San Francisco to Chicago, via Los
Angeles, El Fa9o, Kansas City and St. Louis,
Is the most southerly. The equipment la the
latest and the, courtesy of the attendants and
the many modern conveniences make this train
the most favored for transcontinental travel.
Illustrated booklets of agent Southern Pacific. *
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the >^^ S/&J F~
Signature of CJuz&fy J>e&CC&At
AN; OLD RAYING.
ShowlnK How Cause and Effect Are
'" Never Far Removed.
It Is an old saying "Where there's
honey there's . bees" — :not less troe Is
one which science has coined more re-
cently, "Where ..there's Dandruff there's
germs I '— and — to push the Inference
still further we may truly say "Where
there's Dandruff cured Newbro's Herp-
icide has been bA work." '
The reason of Herpiclde's Isolation as
a genuine cure for Dandruff lies in the
fact that it attacks and destroys the
root of the whole trouble — a parasitic
germ which feeds upon the material
which nourishes the hair follicle.
Other so-called remedies are not di-
rected at this true cause of the disease.
Accept no substitute, there is none.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c
in stamps for sample to The Herpiclde
Co.. Detroit, Mich.
At leading drug stores or sent pre-
paid from Detroit. Mich., upon receipt
of SLOP. :--.--
can do , beat at the factory.
J. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0MART V CO.
Trunk and Bag Mannfaeturera. i
32 TURK STREET.
; Phone East 0234. '\u25a0 .- \u25a0 .- -;-; ' \u25a0
THE PALACE HOTEL for best cooking.
THE PALACE HOTEL (or quickest •ervicc
"THE PALACE HOTEL for finest music. ,
THE PALACE HOTEL lor modem comforb
THE PALACE HOTEL for moderate rites. 1
AMUSEMENTS.
Roller _Skating!
Mechanic^ Pavilion Rink.
ADM15510N........ ............. ...20 CENTS ,
AMUSBMENTS.
GRANDS
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
America's Greatest Tragedienne.
NANCE O'NEIL
In Maeterlinck's Dramatic Masterpiece.
MONNA VANNA
WHAT THE PRESS SAYS :
THE CHRONICLE:
"A Powerful, Dramatic and Poetic Play."
THE CALL :
"No One Can Afford to Mlsa the Play."
THE BULLETIN:
"A Good Play and Always Beautiful."
EVENING POST:
"A Source of Infinite Delight." • \u25a0 ;
NKXT WEEK— 'THE JEWESS," "HEDDA
GABLER." "MACBETH."
MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Ye Colonial Septette: Merfan'a Poest
Julra aod Ella Garrison t Edcar Blx-
leTt Sinters and Brothers Fordi Wl-
nona Winters Campbell and Jolinaont
Kloea Sinters, and Orphenm Motion
Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thursday.
Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATI2VBE NEW YEAR'S.
I PRICES. 10c. 25c and SOc.
ftftl I IMDI A m fittscisco-s
LEADLNQ THEM
NOTE— Mr. Crane wilt give a per-
form an cc on Sunday, New Year's Eve.
ALL THIS AA'D NEXT WEEK.
Matinee Saturday.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'B DAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
w*LJi CRANE
In the Farcical Comedy,
The American Lord
Seats selling for all remaining performance*.
Coming— LOUlS JAMES In REPERTOIRE.
« X /^1 A T" A T"|B«lasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR rsrssL
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
"Electrified Oldest Playgoers."— Call.
Gorgeous Spectacular Production of
Mai k Twain" s Famous I6th Century Romance.
The Prince and
the Pauper
Beautiful Scenery, Costumes and Music, and
• • OLLJE COOPER In the Dual Role.
Eves., 250 to TOe; Mats., Sat.. Sun., 25c to 50c.
NEXT WEEK, with MONDAY MAT. — Tha
Universal Laugh Provider. •
A STRANGER IN A SrRANGE LAND.
ALHAMBRA
Cor. of Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone East 1877.
BELASCO & MAYER, Proprietors.
THIS EVENING AND ALL WEEK. '
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The - World Renowned Champion,
808 FITZSIMMONS
In Hal Reid's Great Drama,
A FIGHT FOR LOVE
Special Engagement of the Olympic Club Fa*
vorlte and Amateur Champion Heavyweight.
SAM BERGER
Fitzslmmons , and Berger Appear In Every Act.
Prices— Evenings. 10c to 50c. Matinees. 10c.
Isc. 25c
Next— "The Heart of Maryland."
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES HALL
Market it. between Fourth and Fifth.
THE CALIFOSNUPfiOMOTION ; COMMITTEE'S
y& lOTBESjON CALIPORNIA.
Dally from 2 to 4 pi m. (except Sunday).
Illnstrated by Maxrntfleent Steireoptlcon
. View* and Movluc Pictures.
Week Commencing DECEMBER 26TH
STANISLAUS ; COUNTY
Presented by H. H. Whltmore. from;? to 2:30.
AI.AM ED A CITY :;
Presented by John H. Ha r tog, from 2:30 to 3.
SAN JOAO.UIN COUNTY
Presented by Coivln 8. . Brown." from 3 to 3:3 a
?= SANTA CLARA' COUNTY.
Presented by M. I. Jordan, from 3:30 to 4.
ADMISSION FREE.
AMUSEMENTS.
ffpTIVOUffIH
Matinees To-Morrow
and New Year's Day.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT
GRAND CHRISTMAS EXTRAVAGANZA.
ORPHEUS in HADES
REAPPEARANCE OF TEDDY WEBB.
A TREAT FOR "CHILDREN OF ALL AGES'"
PRICES— 2Sc. Me. 7gc.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
Last Appearance of
ALICE NIELSEN
4 Donizetti's Cbarminsr Opera.
DON PASQUALE
Seats. <2.00. |1. SO. $1.00 and SOc— Now on Sals.
v BUSH STREET
CHAS. P. HALL. Pro p.and Mgr. Phono Man 127
—THE BEST YET.**
2SC— MATIXFE TO-DAY— 2BO
MATINEES Every Tuesday. Friday, Saturday
and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAT.
The Renowned Extravaganza Company,
BROADWAY 6AIETY GIRLS
In a Superb Extravaganza Production of
GLITTERING SYLVIA
Beauty Chorus. Gorgeous Costumes and Effects.
• '. AN ALL-STAR CAST.
Popular Prices — Even'gs. 13c, 25c. 35c. SOo. 730»
All Reserved.. Matinees. 23c; reserved
New Year's Week— "THE JOLLY GIRL 3."
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:13.
Second Big Week and Farewell Performances t
THE NEILLS
In th« Stupendous and Unrivaled Success,
IF I WERE KING
The Triumph of the Season.
Only Time in Stock. Never Before at Popular
Prices.
Next Mon. Mat. — When W« Were Twenty-Ons,
• .With Miss Amelia Gardner.
Evenlnss — 25c. SOc. 73c. Sat. Mat. — 23c. SOo.
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun.. 2Sc everywhere.
NcwCENTRAL
T»l. South »IS. Direction of H. W. BISHOP*.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Thrilling Dramatlo S«nsatlon.
THE EYE WITNESS
By Lincoln J. Carter.
The Talk of San Francisco.
A Vtrl table Stago Triumph.
SEE the Leaping Automobile.
SEE the Deep Water Dlv* and Rescue.
Tha Acme> of Stage Realism.
Next Week— "BY RtGHT OF SWORD."
Ralph Stuart's Success.
POPULAR PRlCES— Evenings. Me. 23c. 3to
and COc. Sat. and Sun. Mats.. 15c and 35c.
Afternoons at 8. Evenings at 9.
No Intermissions.
Bothwsll Brown a' s Spectacular Musical Bur»
CLiEOPATHA
UP-TO-DATE.
EUNICE GILJIAN and
200 CLEVER CHILDREN to the CAST.
. A GORGEOU3 EXTRAVAGANZA!
FUN and FROLIC for YOUNG and OLD 1 .
Open air attraction— BAßNES' DIVINO ELK* .
No Increase In Prices.
COMMENCING NEXT TUESDAY:
HIGH CLASS SPECIALTIES.
ADMISSION 10c {CHILDREN J*
Phone for Seals Pacific 301.
Rii!
Hew /fIfST Jicto
California jw cii
INGLESIDE RAGE TRACK
Six or mor* races each weei - day. raia or
shine. Races commence at 2p. m. sharps Tak*
\u25a0trcet cars from any part of the city. * Woe
special trains stopping at th* track take a P.
train at 3d and Townsend sts. at 1:13 p. m.
Returning train leaves track after last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. . Prewdear.
PERCY .W. TREAT. Secretory.
Weekly Call $1 Per Yei*
910
LINER MARIPOSA TAKES DEPARTURE FOR TAHITI
Hits Beef liM Is
JMiis Heayy Gale
\u25a0 Along Coast
— «. —
Passes Poiil Beyes WI
WM iwiig Swmly-
Two Miles an lour.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Mariposa. Ciiprain Robert T. Law
less, sailed yesterday for Tahitit S.ie
carried considerable cargro and a fair
number of passengers. Most of the
people who go from here to Tahiti are
travelers for pleasure, and at this sea
eon of the year social festivities ashore
ere too attractive for ocean Journey
ins to be very popular. For this rea
ron the Mariposa carried fewer pas
rensers than usunl, although at Tahiti
V is always summer and the voyage to
t.nd from the South Sea paradise is
usually pleasant.
Most of the llariposa's passengers
ere well known in local society.
Among those now journeying to the
pretty port of Papeete are:
Mr» V.illUm H. Avery. David Bush. Dr. A,
II Coe M'.ss Josephine Cummlncs. J. H.
I'.vuis Mrs. H. C. George, J. F- Halloran,
l)r J 'H Laidiey. \V. H Martin. J. J. Mason.
H.'M«u*-i. Mis. "^leu<l. Miss S. Meucl. Dr. J.
Wilson ShJels. Master Shicls, J. Thomas.
Reason tor Low Prle*.
The officers of the liner Coptic have discov
ered why the Chinese launtirynien at Hong
kong can afford to do first-class work for prices
that seera ridiculously inadequate. First Offl-'
ccr Tvson was the Sherlock Holmes who
Folved the mystery. Tyson was in England re
cently and tn Uaiidoa purchasrd aome shirts of
».•; c'dd color ar.d unusual oattern. H= sent
ihrra ashore at Hontfccng to be launder*^.
They were to lv? r<-t^r npd - as ls the custom, in
four days. While w^k^ng ashore the fcllOTr
lnc <Jay" Tyson s&vW well dressed Chinaman
vearlng *vfaai loosMff remarkably like one of
J*i* Fbirts. An hcvwr so ;at>»r he en^cuntrr'<i
en.jther Celestial sTfcilcrly adorned. He ques
tioned the second cKhuunia and after an in
\eEtigatloii discovered that th? launcirvr.ian to
v : ... he had Intrusted his washing was doing
c lucrative business hiring out ••Imported
Fir.> collars arid ctrfTs an.l other European
\u25a0wearing e-iDarel" to the native Beau Brum
xnels of Hongkong. The soiled clothes re
ceived from the liner v.-er» washed and ironed
that cielit and the ,next day rented to cus
tomers. When the hirfr returned them they
\u25a0were relaund-fred and on the fourth day re
turned to their owner on board shir-
Is Bnrklncr Heavy Galr.
\u25a0 The Blunts Re^f lightship sailed yesterday
morning fcr her station on the Mendocino
coa*t from which the was blown a few days
rcn when the shank of her mushroom anchor
parted and the vessel was turned adrift in a
norm. With a new anchor, the second in a
Jew weeks, she left port early yesterday morn
ing. She was sighted j-assinj: Point Reyes at
F-.30 ©"clock yesterday afternoon. A terrific
norther was raging. The wind was blowing
at the rate cf seventy-two miles an hour, but
in spite of the LeaiJ blast opposing her prog
ress the lightship was making headway. Cap
tain Ouinton s!cna!ed Point Reyes that all
v.as well with tbe lightship and that she would
be able- to nicke her way to Blunts Reef in
Maroonrd on Mile Hook.
The keei>er en the new Mile Rock lighthouse
ttook liarge Of his station yesterday and be
pan housekeeping in the narrow limits of his
rock based tower. Three officials from the
lighthouse board visited the place yesterday to
sec the caretaker properly installed. The three
•vteitors are ttill there. By the time they -were
reac' l- tj return to the mainland th* freshen
ing "breeze had so stirred up the sea that it
* -was impossible for the launch which had taken
\u2666 them out to approach the rock. Tbe longer
they waited the higher rolled the waves and
finally the n:en in the Hghthoua« signaled the
launch to go home and return for them to
fiay.
Water Front ?iot*».
The bark Challenger from Xillisnoo has ar
rived at Kobe with her cargo on fire.
Cape Town ulegraphs that the cargo of the
ship John Ena, from Philadelphia for Manila,
•which cut into Cape Town in distress, was
cold for seventeen shillings a ton, duty paid.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's Nevadan sailed yesterday for the Ha
waiian Islands with a large cargo.
The Japanese iiner America Maru, bound for
this port, arrived yesterday at Honolulu.
The British bark Invermark arrived yester
day, eighty-seven days from Newcastle, Aus
tralia with 2270 tons of coal.
The Dorii*. homeward bound, left Yokohama
en Wednesday for Honolulu.
The German ship Alsternlre it the only ves
sel at riivsent on the overdue list. She ls
quoted tt 10 r>er cent.
• The Earneson and Hlbberd steamer Watson,
which arrived yesterday from Mukiltco, en
countered come very heavy weather which did
no damage, : however, and served to demon
strate that the new arrival en this coast is
fcb> to take care of herself in fine weather or
foul.
AEWS OF THE OCEA>*.
Blatters of Interest to 3lariners and
Shipping Merchant*.
» Grade Oil for tbe North.
The tack steamer Whlttier was cleared yes
terday \u25a0 for Vancouver with 10,000 ben-els of
crude oil In bulk, valued at (14,000.
Tosßige Engagements.
The Britieh steamer Vienna (on Puget
Sound) was chartered prior to arrival for flour
from Tacoma to four ports in Japan at $4 50.
The latest lumber charters reported are:
Bntish ship Brodlck Castle, from Puget Sound
to Melbourne or Adelaide at 37s 6d. chartered
prior to arrival; British berk Sir Robert Fer-
Ele, from Puget Sound to Valparaiso, for orders
at 42> Od (2s •-'.? less direct) ; schooner Bnima.
Claudlna. from Eureka to 'tfax&tlan; bark S.
C. Allen, from Eureka to Callao: ship Occi
dental, from Puget Sound to Xew York and or
Bath or Philadelphia at $15 50.
The French bark Emille GaJline proceeds to
Port Town&end in ballast.
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The steamer Mariposa sailed yefterday for
Tahiti, with a general merchandise ear-pro.
valued at $31,570, and Including the following:
1643 bbls flour. £314 gals wine. 9 casks beer,
1.4. 05S lbs bread. 1311 lbs bam and bacon. 40,
411 lba rice. 220 lbs dried fruit. 5560 lbs lard.
17J00 lbs salt, 760 lbs codfish. 7210 lbs sugar.
177 cs 21 pkgs fi&lmon, 08 pkgs potatoes^ 39
crts or.'.cv.s. 41 pkgs fresh fruits, 7 pkgs fresh
veretables, 464 lbs garlic, 2S pkgs groceries
and provisions, IT.:; ctle barley, 62 ctls wheat,
G26S lbs bran. bi'J7 lbs beans, 100 bales hay.
204 cs canned goods. 12 cs baking powder. 748
3bs 3 cs cheeee. K>9 lbs butter, 12 cc ealad oil.
13 pkgs paste. 14 cs table preparations, 93.531
»t lumber. 9 bdl* shooks, 1500 pickets, 200
poets, 11 pkge 40 pcs mUlwork. M pkgs dry
goods, 17 cs boots and shoes. 25 c*> drugs. 1 cs
leather. 27 reels wire, 84 pkgs nails and spikes,
111 bdls bags. IS pkgs paints. 27 bales twine,
Cl coils rope, 13 b£>s duck, 228 cs eoap, 19
r-g> s oakum, 73 bdis ircn. 20 pcs steel, 2 pkgs
machinery. 6 pkg» wagon material, 2000 lbs
cemeat, 16 cs oils, 7 cs agriculture! imple
ments, 8 pkgs bicycles, 13 crts sewing ma
chines, « cs coal oil, 6 pkgs arms and ammuni
lior..
Soa, Sfoon aad Tide.
United Ptates Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francieco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
supcriEtendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front CMlsslon-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAT. DECEMBER 29.
Hun rises 7:24
Sunsets 5:00
Moon sets 8 :44 p. m.
O JTimeJ (Time] 'iTlme! lTime!
t * <.Tt. j Ft. Ft. 1 9t.
• !h w{ (l wj jh w( v !l w|
28 2:35! 4.5; 7:24| 8.1! 1:19! 5.5! 8:01|— 0.3
30 3:20;- 5.0; 8:28 5.0J.2:17 4.9 5:43 0.2
SI 4:C2' 5.1 9:40 2.9! 3:1S: 4.4 9:29: O.S
X 5:00j 6.110:45' 2.8,' 4:22! 3.7!10:20! I.S
2 j 5:41! 5.1'11:55i 2.0 5:45; 3.4111:05] 1.8
3.! 6:22 i ti.6; l:00| 2.2J 7:02| 3.4111 :50j 2.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the. early morning . tides are given in the left
tkiaA oolcmn and the successive tides oi tt* .
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
rometin-.es occurs. The hrights Riven are in
addition to the soundings oi' the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus I—)I — )
eign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Eranch Hydrcgraphic Office. U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Thursday, December 2S, 1905:
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURXETT,
Lieutenant. ' U. S. X., In charge
Movements of Steamer*.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . From. | Due.
Elixabeth Coquille River ........ iOec. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports [Dec. 29
P0m0na...... Humboldt Dec. 29
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.jDec. 29
Vanguard.... Humboidt ;Dec. lft»
San Pedro San Pedro Dec. 28
Senator Portland & Astoria |Dec 30
B. Monica San redro |Dec. 30
F. Kilburn Portland & Way Ports.jDec. 30
Homer Portland & Astoria ; Dec. 3<)
Denderah J Seattle [Dec. 30
Chas. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma ;Dec. 31
Arctic ! Humboldt ;Dec. 31
Rt Foam J Mendoclno & Pt. ArenaiDec. 31
Breakwater. . .: Coos Bay \ j Dec. 31
Jeanie J Los Angeles Ports ,Jan. 1
E^ireka ! Humbcldt ;Jan. 1
Corona j Humboldt {Jan. 1
M. F. Plant...' Coos Bay & Pt. Orfcrd.fJan. 1
Centralia j Grays Harbor [Jan. 1
Cltv Puebla. .J Puget Sound Ports |Jan. 1
State Cal I San Diego «; Way Pts.JJan. 1
F. Leggctt...] Humboldt Uan. 1
Reidar ! N'analmo |Jan. 1
South Bay... I San IMcgo jJan. 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts..|Jan. '1
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. .[Jan. 2
M. Dollar |San Pedro |Jan. 2
Northland...- San Pedro 'Jan. 2
Peru New York via Ancon..|Jan. X
W Kruger... Portland & Astoria !Jan. 3
Porno Point Arena & Albion, j Jan. 4
Santa Rosa... San D4fgo & Way Pts.iJan. 4
Cascade Portland & Astoria ;Jan. 4
Colombia Portland & Astoria. iJan. 4
North Fork Humboldt ; [Jan. ' 4
Amer. Maru.. j China & Japan . . ..? . . .|Jan. 5
Nebraskan. ... Honolulu & Kahulul. . .{Jan. 5
Umatilla Puget Sound Porte I Jan. B
Newport jNew York via Ancon..JJan. 8
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails 1 Pier.
________ I .____
December 29. I j
laqua.'. Willapa Harbor ...14 pm;Pier 2
Nev.-burg... Grays Harbor- ' 2 pm|Pier 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor .i 3 pmlPier _
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor ..:.i 4 pmiPier 20
Redondo Astoria & Portland;l2 m|Pier ..2
Kureka Humboldt _. ...) U amjPier 5
Norwood Grays Harbor \ 2 pmjPier 2
Aberdeen... Grays Harbor 1 5 pm|Pler 16
December 30. | . i
Elizabeth. . Coquillf River < 5 pmjPier 20
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm|Pier 2
Korea China & Japan 1 pm(Pler 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon..Jl2 m| Pier -40
J. Hlggins. Los Angeles Ports. |11 am|Pier 2
December 31. | |
Vanguard.. Humboldt | 0 pmjPier 27
Santa liosa San Diego _ Way.) 9 am j Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt ;l:50 pjPier * 9
Qu'.ijn Puget Sound Portsjll am|Pler 9
January 1-1 I
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way...] 2 pmjPier 20
Jeaule • Astoria & Portland. 6pm I Pier 0
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9am Pier 11
Oentralia. .. Los Angeles Ports: 10 am|Pler 10
F. Lessett. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m|Pler 2
January 2. | I
Scuta % Bay.. Astoria & Portland.! 5 pra|Pler 27
Senator.... Astoria & Portland 11 am! Pier 24
M. Dollar. . Grays Harbor spm Pier 30
Northland.. Artoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
January 3. j |
Watson Seattle & Tacoma. .| 5 pm'Pier 20
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p] Pier 9
M. F. Plant Coos Bay 4 pm|Pier 11
Sea Foam. . Point Arena 4 pmjPier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am|Pler 2
Breakwater Coos Bay | 5 pmlPier 8
Denderah... Hamburg & Way. .Jl2 miPier 19
Jnnuiirj 4. I |
State of Cal San Plego & Way.j 9 amJPier 11
Ventura Sydney _ Way Pts.| 2 pm!Pler 7
January 5. I
Cbas Nelson Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmjPier 20
Be nits. Newport & Way.. 3 am! Pier 11
Rainier Seattle & Bel' ham. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
January G. i
X. Fork Humboldt 9 a— .|Pler 20
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 miPier 40
January 7. I
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amJPler 24
Curacao Mexican Ports jio axn|Pler 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Bteamer. ' Destination. Sails. ,
Ranta Clara. .. Seward & Way Ports.. . Jan. 1
Jefteraon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. S
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 6
8ertha....... Cooka Inlet & Way Pte. Jan. 10
SUIPPLXG INTELLIGENCE.
.ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 28. _
Sinir Watson. Bartlett. 78 hours from Mif-
Idlteo. :\u25a0>-\u25a0-. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'\u25a0>
Stmr Czarina, Duggan, 120 hours from
Lrtciysmith. ...
'Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 21 hours from Etireka.
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr Noyo, Lee, 30 hoars from Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, Ilanien, 16 hours from Men:
doclno. \u25a0
Br bark Invermark, Bolderston, S7 days from
Newcastle. N 3 \V. .
Schr Newark, . Joha nsen, -20 - hours " from
Blxbys Landtag. ' \u0084
Schr-- Oceania- Vance, Jorgensen, '10 " days
from -San -Pedro. ." . .:_
. CLEARED.
Thursday. December -28.
Stmr Bonita. Alberts. San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamshlo ComDany.
atinr Mariposa, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els it Bros Co.
Stmr. Whlttier, Dlckecn, Vancouver: Union
! Oil Company. - ' . . '• - .' \u25a0
1 ; Ger stmr Pentaur. Monnich, ' Comcx and
Vancouver;" J D Eareckels & Brcs Co.
Stmr Nevadan. Greene,: Honolulu; Williams,
Dlroond & Co.
Stmr Corona, GleJow, Eureka; Paclflo Coast
Steamchip Company.'
SAILED.
Thursday. December 28. .
U,S lightship S3, Quinton. Blunts Reef.
Sttnr Maggie. Coming. Half moon Bay.
Stmr State cf California, Thomas,' San Diego.
Stmr Mari'3osa, Lawless, Tahiti.
Stmr Gualala, Kalnln, Eureka.
fitmr Columbia, • Doran, i Astoria.
.\u25a0 Stmr Corcna, . Gielow. . Eureka. -..
Stmr Nevadan, Green*, \u25a0 Honolulu. '
! fitmr Bonlta, Alberta. San Ptdr. . '
Wr li --\u25a0 -i in— i in* m — — - mli inn iitrt iriis»JsTOlsM
THE- SAN ; FRANCISCO' CALIi. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1905.
STEAMER CHARI..ES KELSON.
WHICH WAS DAMAGED IN GALE
OFF CAPE FLATTERY.
Stmr Aurelia, E^ickson, Portland and Aetoria
!• Stmr Greenwood, Dorwln. Mendoclno.
Ger Etmr Pentaur, Monnich, Comox ana
Vancouver.
Stmr Chehalis, Johonnson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Xorth Fork, Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Del Xorte, Payne. Crescent City.
SPOKEN.
Dec 2— Lat 20 X, long SO "W, Fr bark
Brenn, from Cardiff for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 28, 10 D m— Weather
cloudy; wind XW; velocity 80 miles per hour..
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 27— Schr Chas E
FalK, hence Dec 21.
Sailed Dec 27— Schr Philippine, for San P«
dro; schr Alex T Brown, for Sydney.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Nome
City, hence Dec 25.
Sailed Dec 2&— Schr H D Bendixen. for Ta
coma.
Sailed Dec 28 — Stmr Robert Dollar, for San
Francisco; stmr Santa Monica, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 2S — Stmr South Coaat, from
Caspar; bktn Tropic Bird, from Columbia
River.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Jefferson,
from Skagway. - - -
Sailei Dee 27— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way. •
Arrived Dec 2S — Stmr Al Xi, from Skag
way; stmr Diriiro, from San Pedro. . - ...
. Sailed Dec ys— Br ship , Travancore, for
United Kinrdom.
PORT bLAKEJ.EY— SaiIed Dec 28 — Schr
Balnbridge, for Pan Pedro.
PORT TO WNSEND — Arrived \ Dec 28— Bktn
Puako, from Eleele.
Parsed in Dec 28— Br ship Scottish Loch?,
for Bremerton.
Sailed Dec 28— Ship America, for Callao.
Passed in Dec 28— Bktn Skaeit. from San
Pe<fro for Port Gamble. ,r if
Sailed Dec 2S — Stmr Chas Nelson, for .San
Francisco. " * /
ME NDOClNO— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Sea
Foam, hence. Dec 27.
POINT ARENA — Arrived Dec 28 — Etmr Sea
Foam, from Mendoclno.
MONTEREY— Arrived Dec 28— Schr Santi
ago, hence Dec 27, in tow of tug Relief.
BOWENS LAXDlXG— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr
Scotia, hence Dec 27.
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed Dec 28 — Nor bark
Skiold, for Callao.
-OX.YMPIA — Sailed Dec 2S — Schr Salem, for
San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka. 1
TATOOSH— Passed in Dec 28— Ship M P
Grace, hence Dec 20 for Port Townsend.
RAYMOND — Sailed Dec 28— Schr Wm Ren
ton for San Pedro. . .
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Dec 2S — Stmr
Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec 25 — Stmr Senator,
for San Francisco; stmr F A Kilburn, for San
Francisco.
E&n bound Dec 28 — Stmr Homer.
Arrived Dec' 28 — Stmr Costa Rica, hence
Dec 26.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr
Olympic, hence Dec 23; schr Chas E Falk,
hence Dec 21; schr Allen A, hence Dec 16; schr
Queen hence Dec 21. \u25a0
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Dee 28 — Stmr* South
Bay. for San Francisco; »cnr J M Weatherwax,
for Grays Harbor. ' .
Arrived Dec 28 — Schr Alice McDonald, from
Everett. .. \u25a0:
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 28— Jap stmr
America Maru, from Yokohama for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed. Dec 28, lpm — Jap etmr America
Maru, for San Francisco: Br cable Etmr, for
: U S stmr Saturn, for cruise.
Arrived Dec 28 — Br . ship . EnKelhorn, from
Newcastle, Auj.
EASTERN PORTS.
SPARROW POlNT— Passed Dec 27— Br stmr
Sikh from Philadelphia for New York.
I HILADELPHIA— Arrived Dec 27— Br etnar
Hughenden, from Junln.
Cleared Dec 27 — Stmr Pennsylvania, for Se
attle.
NET/ YORK — Arrived Deo 2S— Stmr Or«
gonian, hence Nov 2.
, Sailed Dec . 2S— Stmr Hawaiian, for San
Francisco via San Diego.
CHESAPEAKE BAY— Sailed Dee 28—Dry
dock Dewey, for Manila, In tow.
FOREIGN PORTS. -
NANAlMO— Arrived ' Dec 27— Nor itmr Rel-,
dax. hence Dec r 22. <. \u25a0 . \u25a0 . -
PORT PIRIE— Sa iled Dec s— Br rtmr Oak
burn; for Sydney. ;
S ALIN A CRUZ— Arrived Dec ; 10— Br \u25a0tmr
Kensington, from Hongkong.
COLON — Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Mexico, from
New York. » \u25a0-•
Sailed Dec 25— Stmr Finance, for New York.
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed Deo 21— Br stmr Bor-
HONGKONG — Arrived Dec 27 — Ger stmr
Nicomtdia, from Oregon.
ANTWERP— In- yon Deo 10— Ital ship Ai
ce«Plone, for Port Townsend. .
JINTEVIDEO— Sailed Dec 21— Br stmr Bor
derer, for Philadelphia.
MORORAN— SaiIed Dec »-<3«r. itmr Qer
m&ntcu*. fc- Vladivostok.-: '- . :
SUEZ — Arrived Deo \u25a0 28— Br stmr . Indra
samha, from Yokohama for Naw York.'
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 25— Fr stmr Aml
ral DuDerre, J for San Francisco.- ?
Arrived Dec 27 — Br Btmr > Doric, . hence Dec 9.
HIOGO — Arrived * Dec 26— Br stmr Indra
pura, from -New York," etc.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Dec 18— Schr
Balboa, from Wlnslow;y - . \u25a0 :
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 2S— Stmf Amiral
Duperre,' for San Francisco.' Dec 22 — Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Hongkong for Vancouver.'
NEW. YORK— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Rhein,
from Bremen. \u0084 ? ; '\u25a0>•; ' - .
.\u25a0 Sslled'Dec J2B—^StmJ 28—^Stmr 'Bremen, for ' Bremen; i
stmr La Lorraine, * fcr Havre ; s stmr. Almerla, '<
for Marseilles and Naples. -
LIVERFOOL— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Bovio,
from New York.: i•. - «
Sailed D«c 28— Stmr Sylvanla, for Boston.
Arrived Dec '\u25a0 28 — Stmr Majestic, from '- New i
\u25a0York. \u25a0;*\u25a0. ' '.v.'" •' \u25a0' '.-' ' '".. "*"- -*\u25a0[ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:-\u25a0 f-'-.v .• J
Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Cymric,. -for : Boston;
atmr Dominion,' for Mo ; = Btmr Haver
ford for " Philadelphia; Btmr Pretorian, . for
Halifax. N.S.' and 1 St John.; Nß. , ; ;
- LONDON — Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr Samaritan,
from I Halifax: ; stmr Cambrian/i from - Boston.
' NAPLES— SaiIed \u25a0 Dec 28— Stmr Canoptc, ••-. for
Boston.'^ -;:":\u25a0. -\-r ; . . ', •-- *'-'\u0084' •\u25a0"-.''\u25a0•.-. _~.
" QUEENSTOWN— SaiIsd Dec 28 — Stmr ; Ce
dric,* for New. York.'. ...
GLASGOW — Arrived . Dec 28— Stmr Caledo
nia,, f rnm T rtr Tnrir ~r M Bffrai|Mpilfll[|]pilff(\T[
; . LONDON— Sailed Deo 28 — Stmr Mlnnehaha,
for New York. " I ''i ilni '<T|f>" ''Hiil^i>*HU|W
?! A M RURG— Sailed " Dee 27-^-Stmr Prinzess
VI, tf r!.-> .I-nlsn. 1 frr- Xf r' Yflrit. • • -
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 2S— 5 p. ra.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day from
various cities : - ;
Boston .*. 6o^36 iNew York ..42-34
Chicago 46-88 Philadelphia 42-34
Cincinnati ...... .&4-3SJPittsburK ..80-3_
Honolulu, H. T. . 80-72 Pt Louis ..52-4::
Jacksonville . ..'.'.s2*6o .Washington 50-24
New Orleans .58-521
SAN FRANCISCO 52-46
The following' are the seasonal rainfalls to
1 date as compared with those of same date last
I season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This This
Stations— . 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.38 9.02 13.33
Red Bluff .; 0.98 3.65 12.10
Sacramento 0.02 1.6S 8.29
San Francisco \u25a0. O.OS 2.65 9.73
San Jose 0.02 3. 1S 5.38
Fresno 0.06 1.32 5.31
Independence ....... Tr. 0.48 0.45,
Ban Luis 0b15p0..... 0.02 2.14 4.96
Los Angeles 0.00 3.11 1.00
San Diego ......... 0.00 4.41 1.8- \u25a0
THE COAST RECORD.
g. * § 5. .. g: 5
.»\u25a0 'bSsb D"? _o J;
. stations. ; 3| 23 : 3 £"\u25a0"• g
Baker 30.02 26 14 SE Snow TrT
Eureka 30.10 40 44 N Clear .33
Fresno ... 30.02 48 38 SE Cloudy .06
S. E. Farallon3o.o2 M 49 NW Rain .08
Flagstaff ....30.00 26 14 E Clear .00
Independence .29.90 44 SO SW Cloudy Tr.
L. Angeles ..29.98 66 42 .SW Clear .00
Mt. T«xmalpa!s29.94 37 36 NW Foggy .BO
Phoenix ......30.00 CO 82 SW Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..2t».90 52 46 NW Clear .12
Pocatello 30.14 24 8 E Cloudy .00
Portland .....30.08 42 38 SE Cloudy .16
R«d Blurt . ...SX). 99 42 40 N Pt Cldy .98
R«no ........29.70 42 18 W Snow Tr.
Roseburg .....50. 12 42 32 NW :.Pt Cldy .08
Sacranwnto '. . 29.00' 48 38 8W Pt Cldy .02
Salt Lake 30.06 30 22 W Pt Cldy'.Ot
S. Francisco.. 3o. o2 52 46 NW Clear .-.OS
San Jose 30.00 !>«>- 44 W Cloudy .02
S. L. Obispo. .30.06 56 44 W Pt Cldy .02
! San Diego 30.00 62 48 NW Clear .00
Seattle .......30.02: 42 36 SE Cloudy .10
Spokane 29.00 38 30 S Snow .04
Tatoosh .....29.96 48 3S SW Rain .67
Walla Wa11a.. 29.96 44 34 S Snow .01
Wlnnemucca .20.96 20 8 NE Snow .OS
Yuma ....... .29.98 64 36 N Clear .00
WDATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECA6T. • .
A small disturbance overlies- Nevada and will
probably move rapidly . southeastward. It has
caused rain through Northern and Central Cali
fornia and snow in the ' Sierra. -» \u25a0
The following high winds are reported: Point
Reyes. 76 miles per hour from the northwest;
southeast Farallon, 52 northwest; Mt. Tamal
pais, 40 northwest; Eureka, 48 north; Sacra
mento 32 southeast, and Seattle. 86 south.
Indications are that the weather will be
temporarily clear and cold Friday, with fresh
north wind:
FORECAST FOR FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
brisk north winds; colder Friday morning.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
weather Friday: probabjy light rain; fresh
south winds.-
Sacramento Valley — Fair, colder Friday;
brisk northAwlnds.
San Joaquln Valleyr-<?loudy Friday, possibly
light rain, followed by fair; colder; brisk north
wlndp.
Coast— Cloudy Friday; brisk to high north
winds.
Nevada — Light snow Friday; brisk to high
north winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed Dec 24— Stmr Mai
allla, for. New York.
Memoranda.
Per stmr Watson, from Mukllteo Dec 28—
Strong southerly gale and heavy sea, followed
by fine weatLcr.
Per Br bark Invermark, from Newcastle,
N S W, Dec 28— Sailed from Newcastle, N S
W,' Sept. 3o. and- had head winds for 62 days
to the equator, which waa crossed in long 126
W; thence light and' variable winds from
equator to port.
POINT REYES, Dec 28— US lightship 83,
which Jeft San Francisco to-day for Blunts
Reef, \u25a0 passed here at 2:50. p m, against a 72
mlle wind: everything OK.
VICTORIA, Dec 27— Br ship Pass of Mel
fort, from Panama for * Port Townsend. was
driven • ashore - near Amphltrite Point, Van
couver Island: ship total loss; entire crew lost.
LONDON, \u25a0 Dec 27 — Montevideo telegraphs Br
stmr Manhanset, from ' Junln '- for ' New - York,
previously - reported, is repairing, defective
boiler: will proceed in a few days. \u25a0>.'•
Cargo of , ship John Ena, . from Philadelphia
for Manila; previously \u25a0 was sold? at
auction for 17 shillings a ton, duty paid.
• LONDON, Dec 28 — Bark Challenger, . from
KilllsTJOo, arrived at Kobe with cargo on flre.
BUSTER BROWN'S
XEW YEAR FEAST,
NEXT SUNDAY'S \ COMIC
SUPPLEMENT.
Kinsley Still on the - Stand.
W.. J. Kinsley, the New iTork.', hand
writing expert, I's still on -the stand in
the contest of rthe codicil of the will:
of the late Samuel . : Davis. 1 Kinsley
grave further testimony, yesterday ; i in
support of his contention that the cod
icil la genuine. • Many .alleged) evi
dences of" forgery.i pointed; out >by the
experts ,~ for the % contestants, \u25a0 Kinsley
demonstrated, ..were characteristics \u25a0*•". of
the penmanship 'of Davis and : Instead
of i, proving ;thej document ; a , forgery
jwent % far .toward ; establishing Its . gen
uineness. ; Kinsley will give "further
testimony to-day.
Dies of His , Injuries.
: Gustave o Fritz, : an iron molder, .25
years ; of age, "who Was'in a^car.acci^
dent at r the corner of, ;McAlllster; and
Fillmore \ streets on 17, died
at the > St. : Francis \ Hospital i last nigh t
,WhehHhe'r two carsf collided Fritz's .'leg
was caught between' them 'and "crushed.';
The limb ;was- amputated,^but- the shock
proved ' too great ; for I the ,* patient.' .
LIBERAL PATRON KICKED OtTE.— Arthur
Schmidt, i residing x at; 307, Fourth street, ' applied
to ' the : Central i Emergency i Hospital i last . even
ing to \ have * several - large f cuts ton : his , head
dressed. .' He : said '*" he . had been ; beaten- and
thrown out >of• a " Barbary ' Coast \u25a0\u25a0 dance J hall,
aftor he had spent S7O la treating the Inmates.
BUSINESS WAYS
OF CORPORATION
George W. Keynolds Tells
About the Eecovery of
Vouchers and Accounts
FOUND IN A STABLE
Testifies That Some Stock
of Spring Valley Company
Earned Dividends \u25a0 at Par
The examination, of George W. Rey
nolds in the case oi the Spring Valley
Water Company vs. the City and County
of San Francisco was continued yester
day in the office of the company, M. B.
Kellogg appearing for the company and
John S. Partridge for the city.
Mr. T Reynolds testified that the testi
mony of Expert Wenzelburger, that
Reynolds was responsible for the missing
cash .books, was a mistake— that he had
never had those books in his possession
and. was not responsible for their loss.
The witness also testified that a number
of other books, which the company has
always claimed were lost, have been found
in a storeroom at 'the Bryant-street sta
bles. "He also found there the missing
vouchers covering the years 1860 to 18S6,
which the company's witnesses testified
were not in existence.
The witness testified that in ISGS the
company sold 20,000 shares of its stock for
$58 a share, and he admitted, on cross
examination, that these shares had paid
dividends ever since on the par value, or
$100 a share. He; stated that in his opin
ion legal expenses and 25 per cent of the
entire interest paid since the adoption of
the new constitution should be charged
to construction ' account and become a
part of the permanent investment of the
company.
On the cross-examination, however, he
admitted that these charges were paid
out of the water rates, and he also said
that he had no information as to the true
amount of Interest during construction,
because the company changed its system
of bookkeeping so" often, and that he
adopted 23 per cent as a mere estimate.
The witness explained the loan in March
of this year to the Bank of California by
saying that that institution had sold the
company's bonds, and that the money
was on hand and not Immediately used.
He admitted that the company borrowed
money from the bank at 4 per cent on
the bonds and loaned it back to the bank
at V& per cent, and also that some of the
money borrowed from - the bank was
loaned to the telephone company at 3
per cent and that the difference, namely,
IV6 per, cent on the loan to the Bank of
California and 1 per cent on the loan to
the telephone company, was charged to
profit and loss, and paid out of the water
rates.
The cross-examination of Mr. Reynolds
came to an end yesterday. The taking of
testimony, which has lasted seventeen
months, will be finished next week.
GENERAL COURT-MARTIAL
WILL MEET AT MONTEREY
Army Officers Are Detailed to Try Such
Cases as May He llrought Be
; ? '" . ' fore Them.
A general court-martial has beei
appointed to meet at the Presidio of
Monterey on Monday, January S, for
the trial of such persons as may be
brought before It. • The officers de
tailed on the board arec Caotain Perry
L. Miles, Fourteenth Infantry; Captain
Kirby "Walker. Fourteenth Cavalry;
Captain Sterling P. Adams, Fourteenth
Cavalry; Captain William R. Smedberg
Jr., Fourteenth Cavalry; First Lieuten
ant Clark D. Dudley, Fourteenth Cav
alry; First Lieutenant Aubrey Lippin
cott. Fourteenth Cavalry; First Lieu
tenant Robert J. Binford, Twentieth
Infantry; Second Lieutenant-^ Edmund
L. Zane, Fourteenth Cavalry; Second
Lieutenant James P. Castleman. Four
teenth Cavalry; Second Lieutenant
John H. Read Jr., Fourteenth Cavalry,
judge advocate.'
Major Arthur C. Ducat. Seventh In
fantry, will be relieved from special
duty in this city on January 1 and
will proceed to his proper station at
Fort Harrison." Montana.
Lieutenant Edmund L Zane. Four
teenth Cavalry, has been returned to
duty from the General Hospital, and
will return to his poat at the Presidio
of Monterey. .
MAKES COWARDLY ASSAULT
ON MAN FROM SANTA CRUZ
Joseph K. Roberta Obtains a 'Warrant
for Homer Johnson** Arrest for
Battery.
Joseph E, Roberts, a poultry raiser
from Santa Cruz, obtained a warrant
yesterday afternoon for the arrest of'
Homer Johnson, a telegraph operator
from San Jose. Roberts' face was cov
ered with bandages and his eyes were
blackened.
He said he came here at the invita
tion, of the California Promotion Com
mittee and engaged rooms at 951 Mis
sion street. His wife paid a visit to
some' friends in San Jose and came on
here on Wednesday. That night while
Roberts was leaving; the house John
son, he says, touched him on the shoul
der, saying,. "Hello, Roberts; how are
you?" As Roberts turned round he was
struck a violent blow on the face with
a pair of , brass knuckles. The blow
knocked him down and rendered . him
almost unconscious. His face was torn
and cut from the blow and he had to
send for. a' physician to stitch and dress
the wounds. '
Roberts says that Johnson had evi
dently trailed Mrs. Roberts t from San
Jose to find out where they were living
and lay in wait for him. He cannot ac
count for the cowardly assault. He had
some trouble with Johnson's mother at
one time about $7, but he thought that
was all forgotten. .
MEN'S DISEASES CUBED FOR tp
j^^^k ' VARICOCBLS,
& STRICTURE,
f^te^W Loss of Vital Power,
"U&J^^^^ Contagious Blood Poison
i^^_\ £_/ Axn all, cimoxic axd j_w r~ TU
WV^ '/> SPECIAL. DISEASES OF ifllZiV
/Q^»_ Feeling that there may be some afflicted
p^^^a men who have heretofore thought themselves'
una b3e to take our treatment, we have decided
•Sgy— ""^l/ <^^^ to make this special offer and place OUR
jOurjßest; Reference Is SERVICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL. Our
Not a l Dollar = Ne«d Be terms to those who begin treatment with us
n^"HO_siiAN°ACO during the month of DECEMBER will be
7M-"arlvet r st..s.F.' TWELVE DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS
- Consultation Free. f or ; 4 cure , o f any : _j scase mentioned in this 'an-
nouncement. "THOSE -; BEGINNING TREATMENT WHO DESIRE
,MAY;PAYTHIS?AMOUNT ONLY AFTER THEY ARE CURED.
lib Uni CM ft M Q OH -»»«»— »>to 5. Ito S Dall^Sundays. oto 12.
iUlli nULomMjl (tuyi 729 Market St. [Top floorJSF.
IF YOU CAXXOT -CA-.— .; WRITE RBGARDI.VG TRBATMEAT.
CUTS THROAT
WITH A RAZOR
I>aiil Wells Prefers Death
to the Chance of Spend
ing Term in 'San Quentin
BODY IS AT MOBGTJE
Why He Chose to Steal Is a
Mystery, as He Had Funds
on Deposit in Two Banks
Paul "Wells, rather than face the or
deal of a trial, ended his life yester
day morning by cutting hia throat
with a razor In his room at 623
Kearny atreet. He was lying on the
floor with the razor clutched In bis right
hand. The body waa removed to the
Morgue by Deputy Coroner Brown.
Wells was arrested on December 20
by Policeman Curtln of the Chinatown
squad on complaint of Lou Toy, one pf
the proprietors of a Chinese bazaar at
Washington and Dupont streets. Lou
Toy told Curtln that about three week*
previously Wells had entered th« store
and had stolen about SlOO worth of
Jewelry. Wells denied that he was the
man, but the Chinese was positive In
his identification and Wells was
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny.
The case was assigned to Police
Judge Conlan's court and tha prelim
inary examination was to have been
held yesterday. Wells was admitted to
bail on December 22 In $500 cash.
When the case was called yesterday
the defendant failed to appear and At
torney Rose, who represented him,
was in a state of great excitement,
as the Judge threatened to forfeit the
bail and Issue a bench warrant for
Wells' arrest. Rose asked for a con
tinuance and the Judge gave him an
hour to produce the defendant. Be
fore the hour expired Rose informed
the Judge that Wells*, dead- body was
on the way to the Morgue. The case
was continued till this morning, when
it will be stricken from the calendar.
Wells was 38 years of age and gave
Ms occupation as a farmer. From
notes In a memorandum book found
among his papers he was born In
Friendly, W. Va. He went home in the
summer of 1899 and came to this city
in the spring of 1900, leaving for
home the following year and return
ing to this city In March, 1902. He
had been living at 523 Kearny street
for about two years. A receipt for a
registered letter dated December 18.
addressed to Miss Blanche H. Wells,
Friendly, W. Va., was found, besides
a number of letters from Joseph Seep*
Oil » City. Pa., addressed to Wells In
different parts of the State, sending
checks for shares. There were also
two bank books, one with the First
National Bank of Los Angeles, show
ing a deposit of $954, and the other
with the San Francisco Savings Union,
'showing an amount to his' credit of
$864. He had drawn $550 on Decem
ber 22 for his bail and $50 attorney's
fees. The papers have been turned
over to the Public Administrator. t
It. is considered strange that a man
having so much money at his com
mand should become a petty thief.
The rash act was evidently committed
In a fit of despondency over his dis
grace, whether he was guilty or in
nocent of the crime.
CARL JOHAN HELANDER IS
CONVICTED OF FORGERY
Arrested by Cashier " Tbomu P. Boras
of the United States Sub-Treasury
When Me Presented the Check.
Carl Johan Helander was convicted
in the United States District Court
yesterday of the charge of forging and
attempting to pass an alleged obliga
tion of the United States. Judge de
Haven ordered Helander to appear on
January. 2 for sentence. »
. Helander ,and Carl A. Bodin were
workmates fin the lighthouse service
and on June 7 of this year both went
on a spree on the Barbary Coast.
"When Bodin woke up that' evening, sit
ting in a chair in a dive, he discovered
that his pay check for $89 33 and his
chum Helander were missing. On the
next day he stopped payment of the
•check at the Sub-Treasury. On June IS
Helander tendered the check to
Thomas P. Burns, cashier of the Unit
ed States JJub-Treasury, for payment.
It was indorsed with the forged sig
nature, Carl A. Bodin. Burns took
possession of the check and placed
Helander under arrest.
The defense of the accused "was that
he had loaned Bodin SI 5 and that Bo
din gave him the check.
$6.75— Carmel-br-the-Sea — $6.75.
. This low rate Includes Saturday to Monday
round trip ticket from San Francisco and ac
commodations at Pine Inn \u25a0 Hotel. Further
particulars of Southern Paclflo agent. •
In the Divorce Court.
A divorce was granted yesterdajf to
Lilly from Milton M. Posner fof".V*«tfc
treme cruelty. Posner fa a " desU.st.
The marriage of J. R. and -Annie " E.
Smith was annulled by Judge Kerrigan
on the ground that at the. time the
ceremony was performed the defend
ant had another husband. Suits for
divorce were filed 'by Timothy W.
against Catherine P. Buckley for cru
elty; Grace L against Charles W.
Thompson for desertion, and Ida ' E.
against Albert S. J. de Guerre for will
ful neglect.
SATS HE WAS HELD UP.— Jeremiah Wil
liams, 682 Capp street, reported to Policeman
W. P. Monahan early yesterday morning; that
he. had been held up by three men. At first he
said It happened at the foot ot Ninth stre«t,
then on Mission near Eighth, and finally at
Ninth and Mission. His right hand was cut
and he said be had been in a dance hall on the
Barbary Coast. He had $2 30 In his pockets.
He had been drinking, and at the Central
Emergency Hospital he tore his clothes off.
Ifs %p!easurc i|
H to use 'if
I Self- Filling fjLj
bec;ui?e the ink- / sME'Zz'?
feed is smooth and A &*2si3&tf-\
even; it does not II wH 5 Rp> i
soil the Augers \V firaiK,,':
eithe- when writ- I lAfSrvi^'-''
iug or rilling, l^JS'dJi^'
never leaks, does YioßK^^^
r.ot sw*at Ink and
is always reatly. kH\T
ITice $3.50 to «5.00 S^
I am uttering uu »W
special sale a ij\tg
choice line of S&3
Fancy Stationery _?^3
i n beautifully 3r_7
de corated <_=*«lfst_
boxes, envel- P^ST-X '
opes and pa- ____s_§_JiS_3i> S
per to match. --~T~i»a»/r_— ar ."
All latest - ; DafMsS''',! I
fashion;-, bio .-, f
tints. Price, •?> ' *^fe^ J#\~
per b0x..50c *f . •• -' " r *
Mall orders * _j^ _.\u25a0___.-—^'—^
promptly - — :—: — r*"'
filled.
THAT 3lA>* PIITS.
P. "W. PITTS. The Stationer.
I 1003 MARKET ST.. S. F. |
_i
IORDINARY DEPOSITS I
If Aao-ots rewhW fr«» SI \u25a0» g'
H Interest Comfiwt»*e4 amri-mumuOy rf
W Call w writ* for B««ktat ||
fcj "BdsVing by Moll 1 * M
I Renters' Loan & Trust C©. n
fl Savings Bank d
*| 222 Montgomery Street fJ
|« S*a Franc—co. Cal. £§
H Assets and Reserve tt.709.000.00 l ; ]
I TERM DEPOSITS §
THE
I Los Angeles Times
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICH '
IS NOW IN I
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1472.
Arthur L. Fith. Reprcsentathr*
Tbe Times Is too advert! ilnar
medium ot tho Southwest. ;
£ visit OR. JORDAN'S great 4
SHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
?yr Tb«La~«at-au«_le— l U-wa_tath* T
, L \u25a0 VorM. «iil»-im at say »omtl_n»4 _l
V _^S3) ii'?> M ?<Mliiv«l7 «ar«4 kr tit (Idtu 7
A i_sgf A OR. JC3CAM-CJSEASES 0? MEN A
A IlS'i&n Tr»»rae»t p«rt««»!iT <rr by l«i«. _ A
3 11 Ml n»i.\«r. ulilbo fixx. (if
j I * 3/ »»'"** ; » "•«•* tt aua.) \
V DE. JOBDAX J_«.*O..loslilar)r»tart.,3.T. V
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 UEABXY ST. Kat-bllahMt
in 1554 for the treatment of PrlT-tn
EM.tvases. I .o*t M-nnixxi. Debilitjr or
•Jisi^an* wearing? on bodjan*! mtnd and
dkin Dis««se.i. Tbe Doctor cures when
other* fall. Try him. Charge* low.
_ lurnTnanmtffC Cailorwrl.*
Ttr. J. F- «4in»i>H- t<ai> Frar-rlvw. Cat
J<?r~r>+^ \u25a0 Steamers leav* Pten 9
/P&Zz-^S&K •— j v - Saa Fraaclsoo.
/Jt' \A For Ketchikan. \Vr*n««l.
Myytfl»'H» \ 1 Juneau, Treadwell, Haine*.
I I VfeWSk I I Ska « w ay. etc. Alaska— ll a.
I V \^i«£a/ I ~- I>?c. 21. 2fl. 31. Jan. 5
\*^v V C^a^se to this company's
YsNs!L__-^y steame— at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vanocuv«r.
"*^ Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Anacortes. South Belllnsham.
Bellingham— ll a. m., Dec. 21. 28. 81. Jan. 3.
Change at Seattle to this company* steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.. at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbotdt Bay) — Pomona. J:St>
p. m., Dec. 28. 31. Jaa- fl; Corona. l:3u
p. m.. Dec. 22. 2S, Jaa. 3.
For Los Aageles (via Port Xjos Angales aal
Redondo). San Dfejjo and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays. !) a. in-
state of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro aad East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (3aa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Itueneme—
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 24, Jaa. 1.
Bonlta, 9 a, m.. Dec. 20, 2S, Jan. 3.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Ja*i d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Roaa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each month
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1906— The
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKAX3
will leave Tacoma. . Seattle and Victoria Jun»
T. 21. July 5, 20. August 2.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. ar.d Broadway
wharves. Freight Office — 10 Market st.
Oakland — 952 Broadway.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger "Agent,
10 Market st.. San Franctsco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(\u25a0ORIENTAL S. S. CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe (Hlogo).
Najfisaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of salting.
5. 8. "America Maru." Monday, Jan. 29. 19<*
6. S. "Nippon Maru."' Tuesday. Felx 20, IWXt
S.S. "Hongkong Maru."Thursday, Mar.ls. 1908
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. '
For freight and passage apply at company's
office, seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange.
W. H. AVERT. As«t^_G?n«ral Manager. .
OCCBB!CS.SXOr «£«Sr7s
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 4, 2 p. w. \ \u25a0
S. S. ALA M EDA. for Honolulu. Saturday. Jan-
uary 13. 11 a. in. v:
S. S. MARIPOSA.-Xor Tahiti. Fab. 3* 11 a. ra.'
i. d. sPREcms k 8303. Co., Acs. Ticxst oaa'so
Mattel" Frsi&t OSes 327 Mar_st si. Pier 7 PasiHc si
Comp.i^nle Generate Tran.tatla_tlqne.
DIRECT LONE TO HAVKE-PARI3 __?**»>
Sallies every Thursday Instead of __V___
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "T™™"'
North River, foot of Morton «t..
Flrst-clasa to Havre. «70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GK.V-
ERAL AGEXCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, -32 Broadway (Hudson building). '
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI — CO.. Paelfla Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold hv all Kallroad Ticket Aganta.
BAY AXD IXTERLRBAN ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVyIyARD^
VAL L^ JO and NAPA"
Napa Valley Route
Montlcello S. S Co. and Napa VaUey Eleo-
trlc R. R. Co. Oose connections.
O— ROUND TRIPS DAIJLY-^«
Boats leave San Francisco 7:00 •9-4S . m.
12:30 noon. 3:15. «:00. »3:30 p^m.
San Francisco landing and * office Pier ~
foot of Mission «L, one block south Market-s".
Ferry. Meals ala carte. Phont Mala IfICASPORTS
PAGE
CHEERS FITZ
IN HIS D EFEAT
Cornisliman Treasures High
ly a Letter From Amer
ica's Foremost Sportsman
SENDS FEELING KEPLY
Feels Deeply at This Time
the Kindly Tlioughtf illness
of the Chief Executive
BBob Fitzsimmons received a kindly,
-ympathelic letter from President Theo
dore Roosevelt yesterday, which he
treasures above all his worldly posses
sions.
The President, in his manly and char
acteristic style, wrote Fitz words of sym
pathy ard of encouragement when he
learned of the laiter'B defeat at the hands
of Jack O'Brien, He found umo from his
manifold duties to send a cheering word
to a man in whom he found many quali
tl« which appeal to him. He saw the
tragedy in tiie life of the fighter who had
asked odds of no man in hundreds of
Jiattles. but had ever been ready to pit his
?.thlc.tio skill and his strength against all
manner of opponents. The tima had ar
rived when nature declined to answer
further demands, and a world-famous
fighter was compelled to strike his colors
jo a younger opponent.
Fitzsimmons wired an appreciative an
stfer to America's foremost citizen and
sportsman. He thanked him for his
kindly thoughtfulness and wished Mm the
eemplimejits of the season. His answer
rr.aj- reem a formal acknowledgment to
The President, but mere words cannot ex
press the depth of his feeling at this time,
wiicn he i* suffering both mentally and
physically. The President's letter comes
as a harbinger of better days to come.
SANCTION'S HAWTIIORXB CLUB.
Pacific Athletic Association Passes Fa
vorably on Its Amateur Standing.
The Hawthorne Club, of which AL
Young is the prime mover, was again
tak«;n into the fold of the Pacific Ath
letic Association last night and permit
ted to carry on its fight exhibition
.which it Ixas arranged for the first week
of January.
The club was suspended for not
kf-tping proper records of prizes it had
distributed to contestants that perform
od under its auspices. Young 1 was
present fit the meeting of the registra
tion committee last night, and though
he acknowledged his club had made a
mistake be convinced the committee he
arted in the proper spirit in conducting
the exhibitions of the Hawthorne Club.
l£e agreed to abide by the new rule of
the Pacific Athletic Association to sub
m!t all prizes to the committee before
they are distributed to colntestants und
also not to pay amateurs money for
training expenses.
Hruno Casini, "Smiling" Jim Kane
and J. Ford, boxers who were fiuspend
\u2666 d *om? weeks ago, were reinstatt.-d.
tliW OFFER FOB JACK O"DRIL:X.
Reno Club Will Give *25^M>0 for Finish
- -- - tijrht WUh Marvin Hart.
PHILADELPHIA; Dec. 2S.— Jack
O'Brien Is out to make good his claim
to the heavyweight championship of
the world. O'Brien is on his way East
to take on all comers in his class. Al
though he was expected to arrive in
Philadelphia on Saturday, word was re
ceived from him from Ogdon, Utah, .to
day saying he was offered a purse of
?r5.000 by the Ueno <N T evada) Athletic
«'lub for a finish fight with - Marrin
Hart, to take place on April 15 next,
and incidentally to carry with it the
\u25a0world's championship title. -The club
will put up the requisite financial back
ing and leave 3 it to the principals to
divide the big amount in the purse.
O'Drlen has accepted the offer.
liniTT EXGAGEME.VTS.
Give* Up Two VlKtitn Id Philadelphia on
I*rnm!«* of Matches Here.
NEW TORK, Dec. 2S. — Jimmy Britt
of California will do no fighting: while
In the East. He had intended to engage
in six-round bouts with "Unk" Russell
and Harry Lewis*. Quaker City light
weights, within the next three weeks.
A telegram he received to-day has
efcatißCd his plan? and compelled him to
cancel both iLcse matches.
Th* telegram which came from San
Francisco informed Jimmy that he has
b^en matched to fight two battles out
there In February, the first with either
"Toung Corbett" or "Kid" Herman, the :
Chicago fighter, and the second with
Willie "Fitzgerald, the South Brooklyn
lightweight, or with Willie Lewis.
w^ " A FRIEN p lly
*&5 1 tB Is cftfn applied to
>g> ' iLB! 2Ja.riuorto Whiskey;
i^**ltt ils absolute purity,
<^^9fe delicious flavor and
fragrant aroma
""IT_IT_J»3 make it a welcome
fr-n -|. |^[ guest and evo r y
fJ^CHFTJIii euest welcome.
•fr£M&Vn£ U Ask for it wherever
\^osd GROHMES Si ULLRICH
£l^^l DI«tOIer« -^
CHICAGO. ILU
"\u25a0I h&VfSm 'Saa PraaeUco Dranek
VJfigapP & niiALE ST.
ROOSEVELT CONDOLES WITH BOXER
RULES TO CURB
GRIDIRON MEN
Representatives of Sixty-
Eight Colleges Agree to
Act in Unison on Game
SO3IE UNREPRESENTED
Yale. Princeton. Harvard.
Cornell and Annapolis
Are Xot Heard From
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— A concerted
movement toward reforming the game of
football in the colleges and universities
of America was begun here to-day, when
representatives of sixty-eight Institutions
i of learning agreed to act together in se
| curing ihe adoption of rules and an en
forcement of them that are expected to
materially lessen the danger to players,
do away with mass formation and secure
t permanent officials for intercollegiate con
j testa. The conference has effected a per
j manent organization and appointed a
i rules committee of seven, which will com
| munlcate with the representatives of
I Yale, Princeton, Harvard, Pennsylvania,
Cornell, Annapolis and Chicago Univer
sity constituting the existing committee
on rules asking for an amalgamation
! with that body. None of the foregoing
universities was represented at to-day's
conference.
The committee or. rules named by the
conference follows: E. J. Hull, Dart
mouth; Lieutenant Daly. West Point; J.
A. Babbitt, Haverford College; Dr. H. D.
Williams, University of Minnesota; C. W.
Savage, Oberlin College; James T. Lees.
University of Nebiaska, and F. H. Cur
tis, University of TVxas. ,
The committee will go to Philadelphia
to-morrow to present its credentials to j
the existing football rules committee. '
The following permanent officers were
elected: President, Captain Palmer E.
Pierce. West Point;, vice president. Dean
"W. D. Wild, Williams College; secretary".
Louis Bevier Jr., Rutgers College.
The appointment of a ruies committee
to act with the existing football commit
tee was the result of the stand taken by
West Point in favor of such action as the
most rational course for the conference
i.j pursue. The instructions to the new
rules committee were those recommended
by West Point. Captain Pierce, repre
senting the Military Academy, declared
the academy authorities did not want all
the roughness taken from the game. Some
knocks and bruises were necessary to the \u25a0
sport, he said. He believed the pres- :
ent rules, slightly modified and enforced, ,
would bring about the desired change in
the game. Among the many resolutions
introduced the following was adopted:
\Vhertaa, The same of football as practiced
under \u25a0"-listing rules by th« students of th«
educational Institutions in the United States
has developed undesirable features, the reg
ularly accredited representatives of the facul
ties of the educational institutions from all
sections of the country in convention assem
bled in New York City, December 28, IUOS. in
an effort to remove this objectionable phase
of the sport hereby:
Resolved, That this con'erence recommend ,
that the academic authorities . of this confer
ence hold themselves as ultimately responsible
for the conduct of athletics within their re
spective institutions.
Resolved, That it is recommended that the
executive commlttea of the permanent organ
ization take cognizance among other things of
the vital questions of eligibility of students
who take part In athletic K&znes and sports
and resort as early a time aa practicable to
themselves on rules and recommendations for
the condnct of all sucb matters.
Resolved, That the action taken at this con
ference on football shall be submitted to all
colleges actually engaged In the frame with
the request that the same be referred and shall
be binding en any institutions only upon rati
fication by that institution.
FAVORS PRESENT GAME.
President Sehannan of Cornell Enters
Strong Plea for FootbalL
SYRACUSE, N. V., Dec. 28.— President
Jacob Gould Bchurman of Cornell Uni
versity, in an address before the as
sociated academic principals of the State
of Xew York to-night, placed himself on
record as a stanch friend of football,
declaring that the recent criticism of the
game "if not hysterical and frenzied, is
at lea>t one-sided and unfair."
President Schurmaft urged that the
game should not be abolished. Modify it,
he suggested, co as to relieve the extra
hazards, but to abolish it, he asserted,
would be to do away with the most popu
lar sport of the youth of the country and
of the American people themselves. Presi
dent Schurman's theme was "National
Greatness." and he devoted considerable
attention to the physical basis of man
hood. In the physical training of the
youth. Dr. Schurman declared, outdoor
sports take- the place in this country of
the military service required in Germany.
"And speaking for the colleges and unlvcrsl
tle«," he eaid, "I am sure they have teen an
effective antidote to effeminate weakness to
low vice and to foolish disorder and rowdyiscu
However strange it may sound to critics, it Is
nevertheless true that athletics have made it
pculble to govern (because athletics have de
veloped an esprit de corps) hundred*, yea, thou
sands, of students in a single university year
after year without the he;p of Jury, court cr
policeman.
"Am I, then, an advocate of football? What
I have said I have no desire to alter. Base
ball and football are. thu oest outdoor sports
we have for the American youth, and football
is the most appropriate, not only among the
youth, but among the American people them
selves. It i« a rough game, but- taking ac
count of the large number of people who play
It — comparing them, for example, with the
more luxurious motorist — the number of serious
accidents and of fatalities ts small. The game
is so stirring; it challenges so potently the
playing impulse of young Americans; it appeals
to the popular love of vigorous competition; it
hae in It many elements of military discipline
end moral training; tt affords such a volumin
ous vent for huge masses or superfluous feeling
and energy In players and spectators alike,
which would otherwise seek and find an outlet
in more dubious channels.
"The game is rough, but roughness is no
bad ordeal, and even the Scriptures enjoin us
to 'endure hardness.' The game is attended
with accidents, so is every game, sd, every form
of hi-man activity and every form of idleness."
Motorist Issue* Challenge.
H. D. Ryus, the motorist. Is out
with the following sweeping challenge
for a match race at San Jose . next
Monday: 188
Th«r« has been a great deal of talk about
th* speed of various automobiles of the 3606'
pattern. ' Most of the 190G models have now
arrived en the roast, and most of the ag*nts
are claiming that their car Id the fastest and
best automobile. I hereby challenge any : one
with any car of any make, price or power to
a match raco between my 1000 model "P"
White car and any other car. to take place at
the race meet of the Agricultural Park Asso
ciation at Agricultural Park, Ban Jose, on
Monday. January 1. 1900. for any distance up
to twenty-flve relies. I will race simply for a
cup. or without a cup. I will race "for a side
b»t or without a side bet — standing or flying:
start as may be perferred. My car is a \u25a0 tOOU
pattern. I • will race . irtth ' both cars stripped
or with ' both - cars carrying their full . com- ,
plement of passengers.
Olympic Games In April.
WASHINGTON, Deic. 28.— The a
Department has been formally notified
that Olympic games will be held at
Athens, Greece, from April 22 to May 2.
It Is not always the man who sits up
stiff est In church who walks atralghtest
In the world.
fTHE;S^N FRANeiSeOnGALTJ-FRIDA^^^DEeE^IIIIvR f^-niu&J
BACK ID OAKLAND TRACK WITH RACING
Saturday Will Be the
Closing Day at
Ingleside.
Ram us Shows THat
He Is Made of
Tough Timber.
Lady Toddington a
Mud Performer
OI v_--lclSo» ,\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
The management of the New Califor
nln Jockey Club announced yesterday
that racing: would terminate at Intfle
sldf to-morrovr. Oakland track will be
reopened to the public ou Monday
next, where the' season trill be fin
ished. Quite apparently the local
conrne ha* lost Its popularity. Horse
men complained ' about the cuppy con-.
dittoit of the track, the transportation
facilities were inadequate and nobody
»eemcd pleased. When the announce
ment of the change was made in the
betting rtngf by Bob McGlbben it was
greeted with great cheering by the
crowd. All of the owners expressed
satisfaction at the shift.
A two-year-old dots not always come
back when asked to repeat two days in
succession, especially over a muddy track,
but Ramus is an exception.
The sturdy Governor Foraker colt, from
the stable of- Stevens & Son, lost a nose
decision to Dr. Gardner on Wednesday,
and In the last race at Ingleside yester
day disposed of a fair field at a mile.
He had first call in the ring, and under
vigorous riding . from Trubel won some
what easily from Governor Davis, a 50
to 1 shot, and Busy Bee, another out
sider.
FOUR CHOICES IS FROXT.
Despite the disadvantages of a muddy
course over which to run public choices
were first on four occasions. There was
an average crowd present and the books
were kept busy.
Lady Toddington, from the stable of
Walter Jennings, proved a mud runner
for fair In the five-furlong scramble that
opened the racing. The filly, with Knapp
on her back, closed a 9 to 20 chance, and
splashed home first at leisure. Miss Spo
kane, a 20 to 1 shot, downed Santa Ray
for the place.
Radtke got beaten on Bountiful, an
odds-on favorite. In the next, a six and a
half furlong st.ling run. ,He picked the
rail route, where the going was deepest,
and Distributor, a 16 to 1 shot, ridden by
Leroy Williams, beat the first choice out
handily. Nearly a dozen lengths back
Joe Kelly took the show with Duelist.
BUCOLIC NEARLY LOSES.
Dr. Rowell's three-year-old, Jd"y Order,
came within an ace of defeating: Bucolic,
the 6 to 5 choice for the third, a three
quarter mile run. Al Minder piloted the
latter, and in a driving finish earned a
neck decision. Soundly went out at the
start as if fired from - a catapult, but be
fore reaching the - stretch, exploded with
the report of a' Russian bomb factory.
While not partial to sticky going Gos
siper can hot-foot it and no mistake in
slop. The filly looked the only one of the
eight starters in the first mile selling fix
ture afflicted with early speed, and then,
too. had Radtke in the saddle. Played
down to 16 to 5 favoritism from 4, the
chestnut filly led from start to finish.
Beaten less than a length Ed Sheridan,
with more vigorous handling, could un
doubtedly have won. Forerunner just
lasted long enough to take the show from
Esherin.
Apprentice Downing graduated from the
maiden class by capturing tKe split of the
mile selling event with Hilee. The dark
bay gelding always evinced a fondness
(or Juicy footing and he scored cleverly
from Lerida and Frank Woods, after
leading most of the way. Dusty Miller,
the favorite, loitered along the road.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Following, are the weights for the--
New Year Handicap, with $2000 added,
at a mile and a furlong, to be run on
Monday:
Bearcatcher 124 Examiner ioo
Proper 122 Golden Sunrise ...100
Claude .......118 Milton Young 100
Lubln .117 Ued Leaf 100
San Nicolas ..... .116 Sandstone ........ 100
Dr. Leggo 118 Sileo 100
W. R. Condon ...115 Judge ioo
Deutschland 112 Mawa . ; 99
Brancas 112 Bombardier 09
Callajrhan ..11l Darin? .......... 00
Oregor X .....110 Divina 99
Tocalaw .....110 St. Joseph 99
Reservation 10ft \u25a0 Mandator ..... 98
Rightful 109 Scotch Thistle ... 08
Otto Stifel .109 Epicure «... og
-Waterside 108 Lone Wolf 9s
Graziallo 10S Tern's. Rod 97
Ginette ......... ..107 Watercure i>7
Andrew alack 105 Peg ............... 97
Corrigan ..........105 Hooligan 97
Elliott IC3 Nlgrette 87
Rubric ..105 Akela 97
Soufrlere ..104 Prowl ............. 97
Jake Sanders 104 Hugh McGowan... 97
Good Luck 104 Salable 97
Requlter 104 Nealon ........... 97
Flying Torpedo ..103 Nagazam 96
St: George Jr 103 Rey del Mundo 96
Veterano .'.103 Dr. Gardner ... . . . 96
Havlland ..102 Angleta 95
Foncasta '. J........101 St. Columb ....... 95
Prince Brutus ....101 P. W. Barr ...... 85
Beknighted .......100 Melior .....95
Blue Eyes ........100 W. H. Carey 05
Celeres ..; ..100 Prince Nap 95
Confederate .......100 limatar \u0084 02.
Conreld .......'....100 Chiepa 90
Corn Blossom ....100 La cnata. 90
El Otros .-100 .
Former Baseball Star Dies.
"Nick" Smith, who was a popular
third basemen In the days "of ; baseball
on the Haight-street grounds .in! the
"80's," died ; last Sunday in the South
ern California , Hospital at ' San Ber
nardino. Smith had v been an Inmate
of the institution* for more than 1 two
years. Ho was-37 years: of 'age' at- the^
time of his death. Smith was afflicted;
with general paresis, r which ..is , as-;
signed as the cause of death " in the
certificate filed yeßterday, -the!
Health Office. It is* said; that the pri
mary. Cause of } his affliction was the 1
result of. his' being hit by. a foul' tip
while playing a -'game of*bull/at the
Haight-strect grounds. :.- '
Smith played with the . Pioneer and
San Francisco teams.
Graney Will Referee Colmn 'Fight.
Eddie Graney. has been • Selected to
referee the Lewis-Fltzgeraldt ' fight,
which will "be held, at ,Colma\6hf Jan
uary 12. The fight is scheduled - for
twenty-five -rounds.' Lewis is -training
at Joe-' MHlett's* place,-; near rColma,
while Fitzgerald is at Alameda with
Joe Gans. " ., '. ; . . \u0084
Dick Hyland and Tommy Mowattu of
Chicago will^meet at 'Colma- on Jan
uary 2G. :
.Mike, Schreck and John Wille are
practically matched ~I for a . tight: ; \u25a0 at
Colma ion; February L*.
Efforts-are' being; made toibring to
gether Sam Berger , and « Al Kaufmann
In a twenty-round" bout"
The Call's Racing Form Chart.
IXGLESIDE, Thursday, Dec. ' 28.— Weather showery. Track muddy. ."
E. C. HOPPER, Presiding. Judge. ;\u25a0' , T~ . J. J. HOLTMAN, Starter.
0011. FIRST;^^RACE^FIve" furlongsr purse; fillies; valued to" first.^32s.
Index Horse and Owner. ; •: Wtjßt.. Vi.,%. .%. Str.' Pin. Jockey. Op. ; ". Cl.
.... Lady Toddington (Jennings)., lio| 1, .;. 1 3 1 2HI B'- 1 T , Knapp ..... 1-2 »-20
8565 Miss Spokane (H. 1 Green)..... 110 B ... .4^42 B'H 2% Robinson*.. 8 ' 25
8J)31 Santa Ray (J. F.; Clifford)..;. 110 '3*l ... -3 n-2 1%4 2*43 1% Loague .... 7-2 * 9-2
6999 Mill' Song (C. Kerr)... ....... 11l 6 ... 6 I^3 I^2 h4 h JM. Hobart. 30 100
Bi>76 Lorena.M! (Del Monte Stable). 110 2 '..". 6 1 6 2 5 3 5 I%|J. J. Walsh- 12 '25
8075 Queen Alamo (A. Jackson>.... 110 8 ..., -8 \u25a0-••'\u25a0• 8 '.'. 7a'6 2% Mcßrlda "... 20 60
8964 Lady King (Rosedaie Stable). 110 4 .;. 2h,7%8, -75 Otis .....'.. 20 60
SOO9 Xtota (W. Kern)...........;.. 110 7 ... -7 2 : 5 1 6# 8 Dlckson ... "12 25
Bft39 I Yolo Glrl(Zlmmcr & C 0.).... 11O[ 0 - Pulled up J Wright.... 20 s»>
Time— :24«4, :51Vi. 1:04. At po3t 1 minute. Off at 2:07%. Toddingrton, place, 1-4;; shdw.
1-7. Spokane, place, 6; show, 5-2. Ray, show, 1-8. - 1 Winner, b. fby Toddlngton-Merry
, Heart. Trained by'W. B. Jennings." Scratched — Helen 8, Slcyon. \u25a0* Start grood. Won eas
ing up. Balance. driving hard. \u25a0 Highest price— Lady Toddington 3-5, Santa Ray 5, Lo
• rena M 30, Lady King 60, Niota 30, -Yolo Girl 60. An exercUe gallop for -the winner.
Miss Spokane, under, a Vigorous ride, nipped Santa * Ray " for the place. Mill Song will
* improve. Lorena M showed- little speed. Queen Alamo has worked • welL Lady King
oult early. Nlota can no tetter when ready.
0012.; SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 8-year-olda up; .value. to flrst.^323.
! Indexl Horse and Owner. '; "Wt St. S 4. %••%.. Str. Bin. ."Jockey. ' J. Op., Cl.
\ 5987 Distributor, 4 (F.;J.v Nell)..;. 104 6 ... 2 1 3 1%1 n\2% L. Williams 10" "16
(8073) Bountiful, 4. (Tanner & C 0.).. 109 8 ... 4 21411^2 3 2 IQI Radtke .... 7-ld 11-20
9004 Duelist, a (R. R. Rice Jr.).... 104 4, ... . 3 n 4 3 4 2 .3 1% J. Ke11y. ... 10 £0
9001 El Plloto.-a (Hoag & C 0.).... 107 2 ...10 95.6 3 :4: 4 2ft T. Clark... 4- 7
8046 Master, 5 (A. W. Heain) ..104 3 ... 1 2 2 n"» 1%5 n Fountain.. "20 CO
BM9 Lady Mirthful, .4 (Anderson).. 09 10 .. . 7 1%7 n 5%6 2% Graham .... 10, ,15
5969 Dotterel, 5 (W. H. Lynch).... 106 0 ... 5 h 6 n' 9 4, 7. »a Mcßrlde ..: 10 20
89C9 Waterspout, 4 (McGetrick) . . . . 104 T ... 9 310 . 10 85 , H. Smith... 20 . 25
8906 Wistaria, 4 (Stockton Stable).. 106 1- ... 6 n 5^7103 Crosswalte . 30 100
0001 Colleen Phas, 3 (J. : Nealon) . t 100| 9 .:. .3h-8 1-8 210 . R1ce:.....^. 20 CO
\ Time— :25l :50. 1:17. 1:24. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:34%. Distributor, place. 3; show,
S-6. Bountiful; i.place, 1-4; -show.% l-8.~ Duelist, «how, 8-2. Winner, eh. g. by Crescendo-
Reta. Trained ty J. Neil. Scratched — Spondoollx, St. -Denis. Start bad. Won handily.
Balance driving-. Highest price— Bountiful 4-0, Waterspout SO. Bountiful .was .ridden in
the deepest going and Distributor ran away from him in the stretch. El Piloto bucked
at the start, losing a deal of ground. Master had speed. Lady Mirthful away, poorly
and no chance. Dotterel can do better than this. .- ,,..:
00 IX THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first. 1350.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. #. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
'8901 Bucolic. 5 (Walker & McK.). 11l 5 .... 2 3%2 1%1 1 In Minder I 8-5 6-3
8093 My Order. 3 (H. E. Rowell).. 103 4 ... 3 h 3%21 ' 2 % Radtke .... 5-2 7-2
9004 Yellowstone. 6 (W. P. Fine).. 110 2 ... 6 6 43 8 2%3 4 T. Clark... 5 8
8870 Sacredus, 4 (J. J. McGrath).. 107 7 ... .7 6 5 6 6 42% T. Stewart. 7. 10
8948 Melar 3 (R. Gutter).. 103 6 ... MiS6 5 3 5 H Graham ... 10 25
8981 Soundly, a (Humes «: C 0.)... 105) 1 ... lain 4 2 64 Adams .... ." T-2 u?--T;;
RSol Meada. 3 (Oakland Stable) ... 106 3 ... G n 7 7 7 Mcßrlde . . 15 20
Time— :24. :49U. 1:18. At post l»>i minutes. Off at 3:00: Bucolic, place, 11-20: show,
1-4. Order, place, 6-5; show, . 3-5. Yellowstone, show, 6-6. Highest price — Yellow
stone 0. Winner, eh. g. by Goldfinch-Confidante. Trained by P. .• McKennlp. Start poor.
Won all drlvinsr \u25a0 hard. Winner best. \My Order well ridden; is not the horse he was.
Clark took Yellowstone] through on the rail. Sacredus no account. .Soundly blew up.
' Meada no speed. ' \u25a0 • \u0084 . : , " . "
9014. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op, Cl.
8-093 Gossiper.. 3 (J. Touhey). IOOf 4 1 3 13 1 5 16.1 %, Radtke . 3 16-5
(9003) Ed Sheridan. 3 (Davles) 100 6 3 13n3n 8126 W. Smith.. 2 4
(5993) Forerunner, 3 (Fitzgerald)... 103 ti 2 1142 tl 2r. 2ii.l 11 J. Kelly... 4 ' 6
BHB3 Esherin, 6 (L. I. Cogglns) 104-1 7 n « n 6 2 « 6 4 h L. Williams 3 5
8989 Bird of Passage, 3 (Del Monte) 07 2 6 1^.4 i^-4 I^s *4 5 0 J. J. Walsh 6 "5
8985 Holly Berry. 6 (J. Maddox).. 106 7 5 % 5 2 5 3 4 n 610 Loague .... 20 30
K>B3 F,thel Abbott, 4 (F. J. Nell).. 104 8 8 72 78787S Fountain .. 6 10
8960 jProfltable, 5 (A. Winter) jlOtt .i 4n 8 8 8 8 . Mcßrlde ... 10 12
Time— :2o*i, :49?J, 1:16%. 1:45%. At post' l & minutes. Off at 3:30%. Gossiper, place.
8-5; show. 4-5. Sheridan, -,place. 2; show, 1. Forerunner, show, 1. Highest price —
\u25a0 Gossiper 4. Forerunner 7, Passage 7. Profitable 15. Winner, eh. f. by Colonel Wheeler
' Confidante. Trained by W. Short.' ' Scratched — Escamado, Lucrece, Birdie P, Haven
Hun. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving. Gossiper. likes a light Impost and
floppy going. With a . more vigorous rider \u25a0up Sheridan could hava won. . Forerunner
curled up toward the end. preferring a shorter distance. Epherin might have won but
for costly interference on first turn. Bird of Passage had 111 luck at the start. Saddle
on Ethel Abbott turned. Profitable [had nothing to-day. .-••:\u25a0 •<;
OOIS< FIFTH RACE^ — Mile; selling; three-year-olds and unward; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtjSt. U. %: 94. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. . Cl.
9004 Hilee, a (W. W. Elliott) 95 5 2 1%1 h 1 2 1%12 [Downing .. 4 9-2
8903 Lerida, 3 (Davis <fe <j0.)...... 96 6 0% 4 2V42 IH2 8 2 8 Rice 4 4
8317 Frank Woods.a (Garden C.St.) 102 11 10 3 0 n 4 1&4 3 3 1^ FounUln .. 30 80
5969 Major Tenny, 6 (H. Green)... 101 12 8 3 3%3 9i 3 1%4 6 J. Ke11y.... 4 5
895J> Anirad. 4 (Davies &. Co.). 95 41221 51 6% 5 l}i W. Smith.. 40 60*
9004 Baker 3 (E. J. Ramsey) 89 8 9h«6 9 2 7 2 6n (Radtke .... 4 9-2
8983 Calculate, 3 (Newport. 5t.) .... 96 9 4n7h6^61 7h |Earn»haw . 40 100
8980 Dusty Miller, 4 (Thomas) 103 212 12 10 2 9 2 8 3 C. Williams 8 5-2
8938 Serenity. 4 (Sierra Nevada St.) 100 7 3 »ilO 5 7 1 BY, 9 5 H. Smith... 10 8 -
8952 Lydla Wrousman, 3 (Toohey). 98 3 fi h 5 h 8 %10 610 8 Graham ... 25 60
8920 No Remark. 4 (R.. O. Grady).. 100 10 7,%8%U 5 11 1511 20 E. Hayes . 60 200
8929 Lady Redhead. 3 (Glover).;.. 100J.1 11 2114 12 12 12 Robinson... 60 200
Time— :25^i. 60^, 1:18. IMSJ4. At post Off at 3:54^. Hilee, place, R-2; show.
6-5. Lerida. place, 8-5; show, 4-5/ Wood* show, 12. Winner, b. g. by Himyar-Grace
'. l>e. Trained by W. W. Elliott. Start good. Won handily. Balance driving. Highest
• .price — Anirad 100, Downing did not \u25a0 rate Hlleo to-day. Lerida received good handling,
- but could not get up. Frank Wocda did well In colng he was not . supposed to .fancy.
. - Major Tenny off poorly. 'Anirad heard the 'bugle. Dusty Miller always reveled in sloppy
" going heretofore. Serenity put out of business early.
0010. SIXTI/ RACE— MiIe: selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
I Index! Horse and Owner. WtjSt. U- %*. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. CL
OCO6 Ramus (Stevens & 50n)....... 106 5 2 4 2 4 1 2^l 3 14 Treubel ... " 6-5 7^5
I 8988 Gov. Davia (R. R. Rice Jr.).. 104 2 7 I^7 4 6 3 4 6 2 Vt L. Williams 4O SO
"8090 Busy Bee (H. E. Rowell) 101 63 4 3 1«43 2n 3 6 [Radtke 5 12
(9000) Prominence (Stubenbord) . . . . . 9« 7 1& 1 2142 3 fi I>i4 5 Harty ..... 2 8-5
i) 000 Iron Watson (W. Stanfleld)... 102 1 41 54 54 53 55 Herbert ... 5 5
' S9SS James L M (Del Monte 5t.)... 99 8.-B 1144 2^4 2 6 3 6 h J. J. Walsh 50 100
8970 Tom Roberts (Applegate)'..... 101 3 6 3 Gh 7 5 7 0 7 8 Robinson .. I.T 20
8939 Mildred Grist (Flt2g«rald).... 97 4 8 8 8 8 -8 Russell 30 100
Time— :25}4, :50, 1:17. "1:4594- At post 1%, minutes. Off at 4:20%. Ramus. place, 9-20- out
show. Davis, place, 8; show, 2. Bee, show, 8-5. Winner, eh. c. by Gov. Foraker-Emily
S. Trained by J. D. Stevens. Start good. Won in a gallop. Balance driving. Highest
price — Davis 60, Bee 13, Prominence 11 -5, Watson 8. Roberts 25. Ramus the class. Gov. i
Davia came from the rear. Busy Bee showed Improvement. Prominence quit. Iron Wat
eon appear* to have gone down the toboggan. Others poor racing tools.
WIDELY -KNOWN-SPOKT
FINALLY CASHES IN
Joseph Gavin of Denver
Passes Away After a ~
> / Long Illness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVEk, Dec. 28.— Joseph Gavin,
known from coast to coast as a sporting
man, died last night. He lived In Lead
vllle and Cripple Creek when those towns
were "red hot." He had hosts of friends.
He has been 111 for several years and
traveled much without benefit. ;. For a
long time he has been confined to his bed.
Besides running gambling establishments
in Colorado, in the Black Hills and on the
coast, Mr. Gavin was interested In the
turf. He was an enthusiastic horseman
and was the owner of. a string of trotters,:
In the ventures- on the" track' Mr. : ; Gavin
was not successful. '-.: Mr. -Gavin was born
in .Toledo, Ohio, sixty-five years ago. He
was a member of the Benevolent and Pro
tective - Order ; of Elks. ; \u0084- v
ASKS FOR DAMAGES
FROM AUTpPOWNER
yictim of . Serious Accident
in Sari-Diego Brings
Civil Suit.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 28.— E. J. O. Rother
asks : damages in the sum of $16,381 60
from A.. S. Heineman of Los Angeles.
Heineman is^the owner .'of an automo
bile, which =on_the 25th of last month
struck I Rother and so • injured him : that
his left leg had^to be amputated at the
knee.* " Rother alleges that the automo
bile : was being handled .in a careless
and negligent manner when the acci
dent occurred. ;
• Heineman .was arrestedat .Oceanslde
and brought ' back here • for trial." ; His
hearing; has, been postponed from time
to time. hSk&IS
Negro » Killed i by ; Slob.
ATHENS, Ala., Dec."\ 28.- r Alexander
McDonald, : a > Birmingham negro, i who
attempted '; tho?l If c ', of Policeman * Henry
Nichols at= Elkmontr, this • county, in
juring him slightly, yesterday, was
pursued by 100 men and brought back
to the i town; dead.'j with aropearound
hfs j neck : and his body "riddled "with
bullets, more; than.; 100 shots having
been ; fired . into him. "The mob ;,'disap-:
peared rmysteriously after the -affair.' ',
M.4IKG ARET SANGSTEII
:; Talk* 'to; Girls .
I.VKEXT SUNDAY'S CALU j
FRENCH MAID EXPOSES
\u25a0WOMEN'S POOLROOM
Fair Gamblers of Wealth
Caught in Resort in
New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— Carelessness
In the selection of a French maid proved
the undoing- of a poolroom for women
in a brown stone house on West Fifty
eight street yesterday. Inspector Mc-
Laughlln suspected the place nearly a
month. ago and has been trying to get
evidence to raid itever since. Accord
ing. to the police the poolroom was fre
quented by women of wealth and prom
inence; on the west side, who went to it
in their carriages and
The inspector .was greatly pleased
three clays ago at seeing an advertise
ment for a French maid to work in the
suspected house. His detective < lost no
time in hunting up a young woman who
could speak' both French and English
and she had little trouble in getting the
job.". A },:-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 : -- -•\u25a0* \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -
Promptly at an hour agreed upon, this
young woman threw open the front
doors and the three detectives rushed
in.. They found three telephones work
ins, a race at New Orleans being called
offhand eighteen expensively dressed
women studying 1 "dope sheets'* and rac
ing "charts. : The Intrusion" caused a
panic among the women patrons, whose
names and addresses were taken by the
police.
; Catherine Hoddy, accused of being the
proprietress of- the place/and three em
ployes were arrested." \u25a0 .
LOUD WILL BE. DELEGATE
;' :\ TO : THE POSTAL CONGRESS
Will Represent ihe United States at
Universal Convention In
. Rome.'
WASHINGTON,- Dec. 28.— 1t was an
nounced by the Postmaster General to
day -that after 'several postponements
the . sixth •: Universal : Postal Congress
will conveno ? at '< Rome during . the first
week of. April,, 1906. .Former . Repre-r
tentative Eugene F."; Loud of San Fran
cisco was appointed -, in 'November,; 1903,
to represent; the United ' States at,- the
Congress, '.and in , December, ' 1905, Ed
ward Rosewater of Omaha was. named
as ; J Loud's • .' associate \u25a0 . ; representative."
They are clothed with authorlty,to con
clude^ and ; sign such modified postal
union,^.convention, as may be. agreed
upon; subject,. however, 1 to t the approval
of 'i the and the Postmaster
General. . "\u25a0
Arrested on Leaving Penitentiary.
; ELDORA;- lowa, 'Dec. 28.— Edwin O.
Soule/iformerljV: cashier of ah lowa
FalJs • bank.v; whoV, embezzled .J50.000
three ; years ago,';,- to-day, finished " his
sentence [ at! Anamosa 1 penitentiary and
.was . Immediately, \u25a0 arrested jon an \u25a0 Indict-'.
mentl;: charging embezzlement "as
bailee. v / -
SELECTIONS FIGURED
ON FORM IN RACES.
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
First race.— Gene Pendersast,
Meteor, Fred Bent.'
Second . race— Alice Carey,
Mrs. Bob, Smithy Kanr.
Third race— Tavora, Lesal
Form. Chief Wlttman.
Fourtb rate— Dargla, -St.
George Jr., A tsre tte. ,
Fifth race— Posurt, Ray,
Spondoollx. ' '\u25a0 -
Sixth race— Hassa, Buchanan,
Eckersnll.
Joe Hooker Handicap
To-Day' s Feature.
. The Joe .Hooker 5 handicap'; will be
run : to-day at Ingleside, " The ; distance
Is six and a half furlongs,; and Xigrette,
St. George Jr., Corrlgran - and - Delagoa
are named ' among the starters. The
day's entries: \ f f
Ftrsf-race— Blx furlongs: maiden two-year
old cults and geldings; purse. .
698S Melior (Rowell) ..V HO
8975 Frolic (OKourke) 105
S9Bl Royal Colors {El Prlmero Stable).... 105
&9SI Rotrou (Burnett) 10"
6000 Watchful (Stevens & Son) .'.....105
.... Nothing (McCarthy & Flaherty) 107
WOO. St. Volma (Jackson) 105
6874 Bill Perry (Hanson). 103
.... Jim Pendergast (Schrelber) 105
88S5 Santte (McLaughlin) 105
8981 Fred Bent (Scharetg) 103
6904 Singing Kid (EngstromW 102
Second race — Six furlongs; selling; thrt«
year-olda and ud.
9012 Duelist (Rice) ' 103
; GOO 7 'Mrs. Bob (Blalock) 0*
9007 Dr. Sherman (Hoppas) 10T
OOODSmlthy Kane (Hall & Marshall) 103
6929 Alice Carey (Fleur de Lts Stable) 103
8987 Jake Ward (Lee & Son) 107
0003 Macene (Rowell) »9
9001 Breunus (Lotvry k Demlng) 103
9007 Maxtress (Kroenlck) 103
Bt»s Molto (Fine) 107
(9012) Distributor (Nell) 103
\u25a0 8829 Plotter . iCohn & Co.) 99
/
Third race — Fiva and a half furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olda.
$OUO Bakersfleld (Murry) 110
90<X) Cascade of Diamonds (Ramsey) 110
(S7tV»Morenus (Hall & Marshall) 110
6979 Tavora (Mack) 107
5927 »Qulckrich (Applegate & Cotton) 102
9000 "Chief Wlttman (McLaughlin) 105
8970 Legal Form (Judge) 106
8399 »NetUe Hicks (Burger & Co.) 9S
8910 Pelf (Jones & Lusk) 107
8265 My Pal^Kngstrom) 110
Fourth race — Six and a half furlongs: Joe
Hooker handicap; three-year-olds and up:
BWKS Nigrette (Jennings) 9?
9010 St. George Jr. (McLaughlin) 104
8998 Delaxoa (Jones & Lusk).. 9$
MWB r>argln (Schrelber) 100
9010 Corrigan (Rowell) 104
8514 I>orado (Baldwin) 85
Fifth race — One m!le : three-year-olds and
up: eelllog:
9003 'Possart (Davles) 107
9012 Spondoollx (Jones & Lusk) ...ICS
9007 Jerry Hunt Ochrelber) 108
9015 Calculate (Newport " 5tab1e) . . . ...... ..103
5037 Maua Muller (Miller) 109
MMO Polonius (Edwards) .112;
9002 Ray (Durker) .. :IC9 |
9003 »H. P. Kane (Hennessy) 104;
Bf)C9 Tom Hawk (Martin & Oo.) 10U i
8(987 *Lady Athellng ( McLaughlin) ......... 104 I
9001 Gil Bias (Shannon) ......... ;....1C»;
9015 Baker (Ramsey) 108
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds; sell-
Ing: ': f~- ' \u25a0
HW> "Buchanan (Schreiber) .....102
8097 Hooligan (Fountain) 103
800S Gloomy Gua (Zimmer & Krause)....lll i
(SS>S9)EckersaU (Fink) 112!
5296 Jerusha (Engstrom) 99;
8929 J B. Smith (Miller). ......ICS
*Massa (Griffin).. S8
•Apprentice allowance. :
Garni*h Leads Oat Envoy.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 2S.— City Park racing
results:
First race, one and a half miles — Doable
van. Layson second. Little Wally third. Time,
2:54 1-5.
Second race, clx and a half furlongs — CWeaoo
1 won. Beautiful Bess second. Commune third.
Time, 1 :29 4-5.
Third race, one mile, handicap — Garnish won.
Envoy ' second. Malediction third. Time,
1:01 2-5.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Lampadrome won. Thistle Do second, Padra
third. Time, 2:001-5.
Fifth race five furlongs — Toots won, Eure
ocia recond. Lutle Mac third. Time, 1:09 2-3.
Sixth race, six and & half furlongs— M. F.
Tarpey won, Corina 'second. Mat tie H third.
Time 1:30. T
Seventh race, six and a half furlonsrs — Father
Tallent won. Rather Royal second. Btucner
third. -Time. 1:29 3-5. Bazell finished nrst,
tut was disqualified. ;-^; -^
Sonoma Belle Beats Jack Lory.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 28. — Fair Grounds
racing result*:
First race, five and a half furlongs — G&lmeda
won. Lord Kent second. little Rose third.
Time. 1 :13 4-6. ...; V: .. :
Second race, «ix furlongs — Glen Gallant won.
Optional second, . Bttdweiser third. Time. 1:22.
\u25a0 Third race, six furlongs — Kins Cole won,
Norwood Ohio second. Phoebus third. Time,
1:204-5. .
Fourth race, one and a srxtMnth miles — 60-.
noma Belle won, Jacfc Lory second, Bouvler
third. Time, 1:57. I
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Ktrena
won. Attraction second. Trigs . Morse third.
Time," 1:14.
- Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Brook -
•ton won, Saul second. Prince Salm-Salm third.
Time, 2:02 4-5.
Meet on the Gridiron.
The; Century Club of East Oakland
and the Crystal Club will clash on the
gridiron on New Year's day at the
Twenty-third-avenue grounds. East
Oakland. • Both elevens have been prac
ticing for the ' coming game for some
time and considerable rivalry exists be
tween them.
I Strength For The Weak
H you want *? ee^ y° un S a?ai". V'
P /^ r^vt tr? fe^^^N^ to realize the joyous sparkle of
B /\u25a0 y_ ' IT^'r^^^^V nerve life as it infuses the body
|| \u25a0 // 1 *^' hr the magnetic enthusiasm of youth-
1! \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"^^ T&F hearted tind full of joyous im- >'f.
y -jjfcj r \jb* * sJ9*ts*±. pulses; to be free from spells of
m /* despondency, from brain wander- ]
B //J^^S^Sfay ing, from the dull, stupid feeling; ]
II MBMSES&^^^f *fd!i&*^ \u25a0 jgtft to iave confidence, self-esteem
|1 v - we? and the admiration of men and
m mf-'^H^K^^^^^^S- > ' : Jfs women? Such is the wish of the
H ' 'f^^^^^Mf^fa' r^Mfl^ broken-down man, and it m*y be
1 Dr. I^cLaughlin's Electric .Belt
B Has ; madc thousands of. homes happy. It Is as good for women as for
ta men - Alan and wife can use the same Belt. The regulator makes tt
f| strong or mild to suit' the wearer. It 'ls -the -only Electric Belt In the
g| world that can be regrulated while on the body. You fe*l the power, but
H .it does not or blister aa do the old-style bare-metal electrode belts. ;
H Ir you, are weak or in pain It will cur«» you." Will you try It? %
E| - I give a test free to all who call. If -you can't call. I will send you
If \u25a0my beautiful Illustrated book with full Information free. Call or write
c| now. Don't ;delay.
R ' I~\— - 71/1 r* 71* I % I • 90G MARKET STREET.
1 Dr. M.C. McLaughlin, ,^S2-
B \u25a0- '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.., \u0084.•\u25a0. ...\u25a0-.•.Offlce Houra-^-8 a, m.-to Bp. m.;^unda.yg. 10 to 1. .
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
LACENE SCORES
SECOND VICTORY
Clever Two-Year-Old Wins
on vSnccessive Days on
the Ascot Park Track
TALENT FAKES WELL
Foiir Favorites With Two
Short- Priced Second
Choices CatclLJudges ? Eyes
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 23.— Four favor
ites and two short-priced second choices
won at Ascot to-day, and the talent had
all the best of the wagering. The fields
were large, but the class of horsea wrls
nothing extra. Lacene repeated her vic
tory of yesterday in the two-year-old
race. Gondolus, a 100 to 1 chance, got the
place in the sixth Tace. Weather clear;
trafck f a« t. Results :
First race, five furlongs— Eribery, ICS (Bu
chanan). ev«a, won- Hector. 105 (Fischer). 8
to 1," second: Chancellor Walworth. 105 <ilH
ler), IS to 5, third. Time, 1:01 Vi. Elizabeth
F. TendJ. Creaton Boy, Osaian, Kosador. Ru
binon, Welker. Gussle T and Deamazes also
ran.
Second race, one and a sixteenth mllen— The
Huguenot. I'll (Jackson), 4t«. 3. won: Red Light.
ICY (Preston). I to 1. second; Huapala. 1O!>
(Harris). 12 to 1. third. Time, 1:13^- Kins
man. Courant. Pyrrho, Capable and Jiaru
LJchtensteln also ran.
Third race, six furlongs— Revolt, Wtt (Fisch
er), 3 to 1. won: Money Muss, 113 (Dugan). B
i to 5. second: Patsy Brown. 104 (Powell), ICO ti>
|l. third. Time, 1:14&. Lustlg. Pessy O'Nell,
Tramotor and Duron r also ran.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards — Th<»
j Gadfly. 108 (Booker), 12 to 5. won; Potren>
GranUe. IC2 (Notter), 8 to 1, wrcond; Blissful,
06 (Moore), It to 5. third. Time, 1:48. Ba
varian. Hot and Chbtn also ran.
Fifth race, futurity course — L*c?ne. ICS
(Swain), 2 to 1, won; Startine. I'KJ (Miller),
6 to 1. second; Ptnta. 103 (Hudlln). « to 1.
third. Time. 1:10^. Wee Laas. Josle's Jewell.
Seed Cake. Pepper Pod. Parvo ami Heartfui
also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Oadon. 112 tDugan),
13 to 5, won; Oondolus. 109 (Pico). 100 to 1.
second; St. Wlnlfrede. LCd (Wiley), 7 to 5,
third. Time, I:UVt. - Argot. Winnie Adams,
Tendercrest, Enchanter. Big Injun, Philan
thropist and Susie Christian also ran.
INDIANA SECRETARY '
OP STATE IN TROUBLE
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 2?.— Tue News
says: It developed on Wednesday that
Governor Hanly has aaked for the resig
nation of Secretary of State Daniel E,
Storms. This was after a two hours' con
ference of Governor Hanly. Attorney
General Miller and Storms. It is not
known whether Storms will tender hia
resignation. When seen to-day Immedi
ately after the conference he would not
say anything.
Alleged Irregularities, discovered by an
Investigation into the Auditor's office with
reference to the condition of the Secre
tary of State's office, are said to be tha
real cause for the call for the resignation.
Storms owed the State on October 1.
when hia quarterly settlement was due.
the sum of $77,000. To raise the amount
he turned over to.J. J. Appeal as trustee
securities on which WI.COo was realized,
and the balance was borrowed from
friends of the Secretary of State. Tho
next settlement Is due January L
ARMY -AND NAVY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28. — Army or
ders: Second Lieutenant George E.
Nelson, Third Cavalry, no* on the sick;
list, will proceed to San Francisco and
sail on January 25 for the Philippines
for duty.
Navy orders: .The following cable
has been received from Rear Admiral
C. J. Train, at Cavlte: "Commander J.
M. Robinson has been assigned to com
mand the Cincinnati; Lieutenant
Commander G. R- Evans is detached
from the Oregon to the Cincinnati; En
sign J. C. Neal to the Cincinnati; Com
mander G. H. Peters to Cavito station;
Lieutenant Commander L. C. Richard
son to the El Cano; Lieutenant P.
Washington detached Tfom the El
Cano to his home; Lieutenant "W. R.
Henderson is detached from the com
mand of the Callao to the Monadnock;
Ensign G.'whitlock to command tha
Callao*' Enaign O. C. Downing is, de
tached from the Cincinnati to the Ore
gon."
Roosevelt Family In Vtrstafa.
RICHMOND, Va.. Dec 38.— The Presi
dent and Sirs. Roosevelt and their chil
dren — Ethel. Kermit and Archie — ar
rived at North Garden, below Char
lottesville. yesterday and .took ve
hicles for the /twelve-mile drive to
"Pin© Knob." the Roosovelt country
home in Albemarle County, where thej
Presidential party is comfortably
established to-night. The President
will remain till Sunday. The boys will
hunt rabbits. ....._>.».,
Highwaymen Murder Salt l*«fce Mas.
SALT IiAKE, Utah. Dec 28.— NephI
Sheets was shot dead by highwaymen,
hia pockets rifled and his body left on.
the sidewalk within a half-block of
th» City and County building at 8:30
o'clock to-night. Many persons heard
the shot, but the murder was not dis
covered until fifteen minutes later.
Sheets was a liveryman, about 50 yeara
of age.
Petty annoyances make good plumb
lines to determine* the depth of your re*
llglon.
1112
A "WANT AD TRADE" OFTEN PAVES THE.
''_______ygj_j_j
JQHV D. SPR3EXI-ELS. . . .Proprietor
* Address Communications to
JOHN McNALGIIT 3tana ger
W. J. MARTIN Busineas Manager
' TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect. You With the Department Wj Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F. j
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
0 Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
'Cts. Per Month. Single Copies Cts
Te_ns by Mail Including Postage (Cash W.tn
Order) : «o <\n
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 >' eBT -- s lxX
DAILY CALL Cndud. Sunday). C mos *;*»
Z>AILY CALL— By Single Month n '™
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year --}~
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year -- ••••• \^~
rriaiitr <R SO Per \es.r Extra
FOREIGN J D u a^/ ay :;; V.f 5 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ Weekly - 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be fc~ .artied when re-
queated.
Mall- subscribers In ordering ch *E£ t \ °^w
ere- should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
vest.
O___ _— KX> OFFICE*:
101« Btoo-dway Telephone Main 1063
ALAMEDA OFFICE!
MM F_rk Btreet. Near Saota Clara Av_— t.
Pacne Alam* da 550.
BERKELEY OFFICE.
C— Center Street Telephone Nort— TT
WASHINOTON CORRESPONDENT:
_. E. CRANE 1408 G Street. N. W.
' NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
Onfca Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Scertnan House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. MarQuette Building
\u25a0<Lor.g Dlet-nce Telephone. "Central 2619.' )
KEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVB :
El— P— JLN B. B_UTH 80 Tribune E_ld_g
NEW YORK COBRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Sccare
BURIKESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
* comer Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, oposite Fifth; open until
11 p: nC
EO6 Montgomery ay«. ; open ustll 9 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9: SO p. m.
<39 McAllister street: open or til 9:80 p. ra.
Cl 5 Lark:n street: open unti. *>:30 p. m.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
306 El*veirth street; open until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia atreet; open until » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 j>. m.
KOO FlUffiore street; open until 9 p.m.
" 4314 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
ur.til 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
; AillTY Lodee No. 370, F. and A. M., «
• Mission Masonic Temple — Special yy
mtetlar THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING-
at 7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Mas-
ter Masons cordially Invited.
A. B. CLARK. Secretary.
CAX.OTORNIA Lodge No. 1, K. of
V.. meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- *»sjffi>^
IKO, at 8 o'clock. Pioneer building, •
24 Fourth et. Brother knlghte cor- j^^C
c:a:!y Invited. _t_**^x.
- JOHN M. LORTON. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and 6.
EAN FRANCIPCO Tent No. *&3R}&£^.
18, K. O. T. M.— Review />£?—^*£^
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- /.T*2 0 tj»*|
ING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer MViJI .-TavcSul
liall, 24 Fourth Ft. \&*J&xSHB
D. B. RICHARDS.
Record Kt^eoer. \^3^_S» !^
A NICHT in Auld Scotland— The S. . -,
F. Scotch Thistle Club will hold Cky/2
m their 24th annual hogmanay supper >K»>Z_f:*
and ball SATURDAY E\ r ENING. \u25a0**_»*
Dec. SO, at Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy st. A gala
time to all. Grand march. 6:30 p. m. ; sup-
per. 10:45 p. m. ; admission ?1 50 each. Hat
aji£ cloak room for guests.
GEO. W. PATERPOX, Royal Chief.
c A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
SPRING VALLEY WATER COMPANY. —
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS.
BAN FRANCISCO. Dec _?, 1905. — The an-
rual meeting of the ptociholders of the
I Spring Valley Water Company will be held
at the office cf the company, 126 Stockton
Ft., San Francisco. Cal., et 12 o'clock noon,
on WEDNESDAY, the tenth day of Jan-
uary. 1906. for the election of directors to
serve for the ensuing- ysar and for the trans-
action of «ich other business as may come
before the meeting. PKLHAM W. AMES.
Secretary.
'ANNUAL meeting. — Notice is hereby given
that the eeventeenth annual meeting of the
stockholders of th* Pan Francisco and Oak-
land Mutual Loan Association will be held
at the office of the corporation, 460 Mont-
jrntnery street. Fan Francisco. WEDNES-
DAY. January 3. 1900. at 2 o'cleck p. m..
for the purpose of fleeting directors for the
ensuing year, presentation cf the seventeenth
annual reocrt, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Bocks are now open for cubecriptlon to
3000 shares of Mock of the eighteenth series.
By order of the board of director*.
\u25a0 A. SBARBORO, Secretary.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of
Wells, Farro Nevada National Bank of Sao
Francisco. Cal.. will be held at Us banking-
house. SOl Montgomery et.. San Francisco.
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 9. 1906, at 3:18
p. ra., for the election of directors to servo
during the ensuing year, and for the trans-
action of such ctfaer business as may come
c before the meeting.
F. L. LIPMAN. Secretary.
ATTORXE VS-AT-LAW.
DIVORCE ; costs, $12; quick, quiet ; advice free;
fio fee In advance; no charge unless suceese-
fol; open evnge; wills, deede, leases, bills of
•ale and articles of copartnership; corpora-
tions organized; bankruptcy; collection*; pro-
baticg of estates. 927 Market, r. 30L
R. W. KING, Attorrey-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; ail courts general courts and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; everJnga by appointment. Tel. Red 36C1.
ADVICE free: legal divorce costs tl2; all law
cesec bandied; no fee In advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appolnt-
ment; call and save money. 819 Mkt., r. 33.
CREDITORS of R, Brent Mitchell, who wish
to learn of something to their advantage
are requested to address box 2M3. Call office'
without delay. * "
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. Ag.. r. 83, 916
Market, opp. Emporium; tel. Montgy. 1310;
legal matters and collections; old established.
M. L. KYAN, Atty-at-Law. 114S Market, opp.
Hales ; courtE; advice; collections; open evgs.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302. oonsulu-
_tlon free; no fee in advance. Open evenings.
DETECTIVES.
ALL kinds of capes handled; businese strictly
con.fldentis.l; charges reasonable.
604 Montgomery st., room 204.
_ . . , ACCOUNT AXTS.
ACCOUNTANT'S services, $10 and upward per
month; includes keeping your books- examin-
ations and financial statements made; private
lnstruc. bookkeeping, etc. 809 Market, rm. 63.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR sale— 2o-22 horsepower. 4 -cylinder '04
model, best Asiericen car. good order, at' bar-
Bain; have ordered new car of greater power
is ' only reason for selling. N. F. Fre*«ey
Auto Ltvery. cor. Van Ness and Golden Oate.
1996 MODEL Compounds arrived: prlze-wia-
\u25a0 ncr In 700-mile economy test; demonstrations
<Uy. night. 6. F. Auto Co.. Inc.. 416 Ninth.
FOR sale — A fine steam automobile Mode] '04-
fine runclng .order. Box 2662. Call • office.
CADILLAC automobile for sale, JGOO; good rua-
nlng order. Box 2762, Cal) office. -
ADVERTISING. -
JEAN CAESIN A, ad writing, catalogues, cir-
culars, programmes, cards. Room . 28, Au-
2<?rals building.
BOOICKEEPIXG.^
HBT us .keep your bookc; nothing too large,
nsthlrg too email; .we make, a specialty of
keeping sm— ll sets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
O-t Couth 820. Ml- 12- 13 Callaf__ building.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SISOO; RESTAURANT and chophouse, near
Kearny and Montgomery; rent 575; monthly
fales $1000; cause of sale, owner to retire.
j Particulars R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— ssoo- HALF lntereet In coffee and tea store;
choicest location In the Mission; rent |22 50;
owner engaged in other enterprise only cause
of disposing. Call It. G. WILKE. 2tSft
Kearny st. \u25a0 ' ' :
A— s:>so; T RESTAURANT; established many
years; clears $150 per month ; rent $25; lo-
cation the very best: owner wishes to go to
Europe caiise of sale, R. G. WILKJE. 26V4
Kearny st. - : -
A—sisoA — $i50- WOOD and coal yard, south of Mar-
ket: rent $20; lease; 2 horses. 2 wagons:
death in family only cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. 26'.^ Kearny st. --' -
A— s9so; - SALOON on water front, opp. ferry
building; net rent $CO. Call R. G. WILKE.
28 H Kearny st.
A— sl4oo; OYSTER and chop house close 'to
Market and Fourth sts. ; rent $60; dally re-
repts $40; well establlzhed; good busineas.
Call R. G. WILKE. 1!6& Kearny st.
A—s2ooA — $200- CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel ;" rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
2a H Kearny at. _•
A— slo,Uoo; CORNER saloon on Market St.,
close to First; lease; one of the best places
In this city. Particulars R» G. . WILKE,
264 Kearny t.
A—s2soo;A — $2500; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow; wants to go
to Germany. R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY,
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 107 a
Seventh and Market sts.
GET FREE LISTS.
LARGEST, BEST, MOST RELIABLE.
Manufacturing — Rare chanoe for capable,
pushing business men; cafe and profitable In-
vestments, with services. «;•-• *
rlare saloon bargains on Fourth, Third, Mc-
Allister and other rood streets.
Market-st. cigar stand snap; others on
Fr-urth and Sixth, etc.- should see them.
From $300 to $1600^ — Confections and notions.
All parts city — Restaurants and Delicates-
sens.
YOUR CAPITAL FITTED FROM OUR LISTS.
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY,
4 19-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
BARGAIN In restaurant— This Is a sacrifice;
north of Market; doing a good business;
fullest Investigation permitted; stock and
fixtures will invoice over $600; proprietor is
eick and In hospital, so will sell everything.
Including license, for $300; genuine honest
bargain. Full particulars at room 318,
Jarr.es Flood building.
WANTED— A partner with small amount of
capital In a legitimate business proposition
with no ohances to take but net large profits
on Investment; this Is" not a get rich quick
tcheme, but. a clean, respectable business;
will etand Investigation. Particulars of box
S4S9. Call office. \u25a0
FOR SALE — A nicely located hotel on one of
the best business streets In San Francisco;
well patronized ; paying good prof.ts; brick
building- fireproof; price $5000; small mort-
gage; if you are a hotel-keeper you can
make this place pay big. Address box 2761,
Can office.
FOR SALE— In Central California, a general
merchandise store with 10 acres in orchard,
five-room house, horses, cows, wagons. farm-
Ing and gardening utensils, windmill and
tar.khouse; Is nearly new and well built;
price $6500. Box 3407. Call office.
FOR SALE — In good country town In Marln
County, cenerai merchandise store, including
tinware, willowware. crockeryware and glass-
ware ; will sell at invoice; rent $27 50 per
month. Further ' particulars of box 2CBO,
CaK office.
TRIAL given before buying in light profitable
business; small capital required; a man will-
ing to take hold and make himself useful Is
needed; must be satisfied- with $25 to $35 a'
week. Call to-day. 759 Market St.. room 11.
$500 WANTED — Partner in wholesale and re-
tall poultry business; poultry ranch. 4 horses
. and wagon; partner to take in cash and at-
tend store. ' Box 4524. Call.
ROUTE for the San Francisco daily papers In
a rapidly growing suburban town for sale;
circulation will double In six months. Box
8941. Call. -. - •
WANTED — Steady man with $150 as partner;
genteel contracting business; work light,
pleasant and very profitable. Apply STAND-
ARD COMPANY. 131 Montgomery st.
$4CC0 — SALOON and IS rooms, furnished, for
pale on account of poor health; a money
maker; must be sold at once; make. offer.
Particulars at 759 Market st.. room 11.
FRUIT store at great sacrifice; doing good
business; 3 living rooms in- conection; good
location; splendid. oDDortunity for man and
wife. Call at 151 Ninth st.
ETOCK comsanles incorporated; If you have
stocks or bonds for sale offer them through
me to Investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG,
broker. 345 Ell'cott square. Buffalo. -• - >
PARTNER wanted — In light manufacturing
business; owner in business 33 years; very
easily learned; gure profit of $25 per week;
price $250. Information tJIB Merchant st.
HAVE had experience in real estate business
and desire a partner to open place of busi-
ness; one with experience; a good rustler;
If interested address box 2763. Call office
WANTED — To purchase a Etock of general
merchandise In Fresno or Ventura county;
110 limit to size of stock: give full partlcu-
Isrs. Bex 3409. Call office. •.. \u25a0
WTLL rent or buy roadhoiise with grounds;
Santa Clara County preferred; state size and
price. C. G., £C 2 East Eighth st.. Oakland.
WILL sell big paying retail business; will not
sacrifice ; if you are willing to pay what it Is
worth write; poor health. Box 393, Chico.Cal.
BOOKS, stationery, notions, cigars, etc.; clean
stock, 3 nicely furnished rooms; cheap rent;
make offer. Pacific Business Assn., 3 Taylor.
WANTED — To Invest In good, legitimate busi-
ness proposition from $1000 to $2000. Ad-
dress box 2780. Call office.
TO investors — A good place to open groeerv
business with .bar desired. Full particulars,
box 2950. Call office.
CORNER saloon on Folsom st., close In; good
It-catlon; central: low price. Particulars of
bux 1660. Call office.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
GROCERY and bar license for eale. 443 Geary
st. ; after S a. ra. \u25a0
BARGAIN — Candy store- good bue.j doctor's
order to leave city; long lease. 2821 Mission.
SALOON and lunch stand for sale; reasonable.
168 Fourth si
$200 — CORNER cigar store, with laundry of-
fice: rent $10. 401 Third st.
FOR BALE— -Lunoh counter business. 827 San-
some st. Cheap.
SALOON on corner; snap. Box 8933, Call.
NEAT chophouse, close to big car bam, for
•ale; rent $20. Inquire 1228 Fillmore st.
RESTACRAXT for gale at once. 185 East st.
$125 — A SNAP; good paying delicatessen store
for sale; 2 living rms.; rent $15. 1.142 Larkln.
FOR SALE: — The whole or half interest In a
Job printing establishment. Box 2678, Call.
WANTED — To buy a saloon; state location.
Box 2661. Call office. .
CANDY and tee cream parlors for tale; cen-
tral location. Box 2978, Call office.
$60 CAPITAL wing $12 dally; positive proof.
BLAIR. 935 Market St.. room 1. }
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ~_^
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— BALDWIN REALTY Co7~ ~~
Tel. John 4496. 908 Market, rms. 6 and 6 A.
For eale or exchange — Rooming-houses.
Apartment-houses, City and Country Prop-
erty. A Little Cash. We Loan the Balance.
MARION GRIFFIN,- "~~r
870 Market St., room 801. eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE.. FREE LIST.
FISHER & CO . ..'..Phone Main 8354
Room 438 James Flood building.
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels and flats.
BARGAIN — Furnished oomlng-house: ' 12
rms.: full good -tenants: rent $30. 966 Mission.
CCRE FOR RI'PTURE.
NO high-priced, painless (?) .treatments to~
, enre Rupture; eimply wear Dr Plerce's
1 Truss, and it will do the workf Sold 30
years; 'thousands' cared. Call or address
_JELECTR2C_TRU^Cajl2O6Kearny_et.
DjmES^MAJtCEJIS_AXp
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst pleating"; em-
broidery, s hemstitching, : tucking; buttons' and
button holes made at Stewart's Lining and
Trimming Store, 14-16 Taylor St.; phone
Ea-t.4535. . - -_ ,-.,
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve. class ; patterns cut. 1190 Market st
\u25a0 rTsT_________r_W_Tfr_r_wl____i_ ra— l I <
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY; DECEMBER 1905:
DENTISTS. ; .:
D^tE^EITI'AINL'ESs'^D^NTAL COMPANY.
Perfect, painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Fudd set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
. fillings, $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market tt.. corner Turk.- :':
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 81xth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates r are
made: old plates made over like 'new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. t>«9 Mission. cor.Oth.
GOLD flllinEs 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lom Grant ay.
AA— 'PROF; NIBLO, f
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MV $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING $1.
I do hereby bolemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to call you by name In
full, names of your friends, enemies or rivals.-
I promise to tell you whether your husband,
wife or sweetheart is true or false; tell you
how to gain the love of the one you most de-:
sire, even though miles away;, how to-suooeed
In business, speculation, lawsuits; how to
marry the one of your choice; how to regain
youth, health and vitality; remove* evil Influ-
ences, cures drink habit, locates treasures,
cures nervous diseases. -
How can I have rood luck?
How can I succeed in business? :
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I; choose?
.How soon oan 1 marry?
How can I make any one love me? ' '
How' soon will my lover propose? '
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can I control any one? :, ... /
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST., : NEAR JONES.
Permanently located In his own home. •':?'-•
PROF. .NIBLO.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 810 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted 1 on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees -an
honest, reliable, satisfactory " reartlng; reveals
the past; gives correct forecast of your -fu-
ture : advises you on Important - affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-S p. m. ; , French, German, English spoken.
_____ _______
THE EGYPTIAN CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST. .
Permanently located at . 1104 Market St.,
rooms 9 and 10, cor. Turk (Vendome); pri-
vata readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.;
."> questions answered, $1; full life, $5.
LINCOLN,
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant in San Franclsoo. Re-
opened at The Health, 312 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 5. Readings by mall, $2. -
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess; L.,
60c; G., $1. 1035 Fillmore, nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist: when others fall try me; good
reading £sc; no sign. 102 V, 6th. nr. Mission.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant and card reader,
-names dates, facts; 25c. 235 Larkln; no sign.
Miss Melbourne, clairvoyant, palmist, mystic
card reader: guarantees satisfac. 122S Markt.
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a pen
picture of your life. H. HILL, 120 Sutter st.
MRS. SHAFFER, permanently located at 658
Stevenson st. ; hours 9 to 9; open Sundays.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS." J^ J. WHITNEY^ bus. "medium i and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10, Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE. materializing seance Friday
eve. 328 Ellis at.; spirit photos dally.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, haa
no equal in city. 110. Sixth st.,-. room 8.
MRS.' LESTER'S circles 8 p. m., except Thurs..
10c: read, dally; mines a specialty. 95 Sixth.
CASSINO, wonderful gifted healing medium,
cures hopeless cases quickly. 110 6th St., r. 6.
CAR PET-BE ATIX G A^nD^jC^EAjVING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. -S. F. Com-
' pressed Air Cleaning Company,- 308 Market
St.; phone Main 152 and 8u5h. 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Bt. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero sL; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter et.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st: — Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. " Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet beating wor«*s; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harri3on Bt.; t tel.MUalon 263.
LAUXDRIES.
JAPANESE laundry and dry cleaning work.
2122 Fillmore Bt'.; tel. Geary 2053. :-
COLLECTION OFFICES^^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery Et.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5580.
EDUCATIOafAL.
A CHANCE for every 'young man to. improve
intellectually; brains is money; you. may in-
crease your salary by increasing your earn-
ing power; the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation conducts the \u25a0 most ' complete system
of night schools In the country; 32,000 stu-
dents enrolled; San Francisco Association
building, NE. cor. Mason and Ellis sts., of-
fers exceptional facilities for a business and
commercial education; if you have only one
hour a day to devote to study, .. give us a
chance to help you; every branch taught
from the fifth grade to preparation for; the
university; business course a specialty; the
day classes are open to all' men; the night
classes are a great convenience. Rolla V.
Watt, president; H. J. McCoy, general secre-
tary. Send for descriptive catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Director of Education, Assocla-
tlon building. '\u25a0'.-\u25a0'- \u25a0\u25a0'-•',-'.:\u25a0
A — THE Lyceum," an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you; day,
evening session; references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE" Osborn Conservatory of Music- - and
Store; 6000 pupils; Steinway Hall -bldg.. 223
Sutter St.. S. F.; 1069 Broadway, Oakland:
612 S. Broadway, Los Angeles; pianos, har-
mony, vocal, stringed Instruments; also brass
instrument*. free to beginners. \u25a0
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS. COL.. 933 Market,
conducted by Robert F. • Gallagher, . expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so; shorthand, , typing, bookpg. Catalogue.'
ALL who desire > good position should attend
this college; we have had , 760 good - places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege, 738 Mission st. :. - V : ,'\u25a0« .".;, --Z '-' . " > ••:...
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post at.
Established 1863; largest in the West; annual
enrollment 1000; send for .. circular. ; • .* •':
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
now . open at Hlnman's School of \u25a0 Dancing,
1412 Polk St., nr. California; phone East 2126.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24*
Post st, S. F.;civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas . engineering. Send for prospectus.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., mln.; mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve; est.* 1864. - Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton." nr.. City Hall..
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornla-Students ioln-
ed. Business. Stenographic. 925 Golden Gate.;
IRVING Institute, school for girls,: 2l2B Cal. St.
Easter. .term begins. Monday, f Jan. 7, "a1906.V
A special class preparatory to teachers'. 1 exam-
lnations orlBtate nor, schls. 833 Phelan bldg.
SCHOOL" OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night 'classes.- .
AN up-to-date : Japanese-Chinese emp.' office;
furnishes reliable . help of all kinds promptly. '
H. KIODA. . 405 Post st. ; . tel. James : 501. \u0084;
STAR Employment - Offlce-^-Rellable Japanese ;
and : Chinese ' help ' f umiehed • with v care. v W."
X ADOT A;; 409 . Powell st. ;. tel. Main 1751. v
OLDEST Japanese-Chlneso ' Employment | Office
- : promptly furnishes all . kinds •of reliable . help.
George Sakauye, 421 Post; St.; tel.; Bush -135.
A— JAPANESE and Y- Chinese ' "help. '- -WM.
YOSHY - 415 Stockton st. ; • tel. : Bush 859.
1 — —
AN ' old \u25a0\u25a0 estab. 1 (1S50) Chinese t emp. \ office. ,-\u25a0 C
CHONG'S/-, removed to 818 Pine; tel.' Grant 156
H. ! W. HONG. 1113 A Clay Bt. ; Chinese employ-
ment office;:, beet help: ;s,Telr East 426. f;
Flne€t Japanese help ; house-cleaning j specialty ;
Geo. R.Kuniabe. 343 Mason; tel. James 5251. j
CHINESE and Japanese help; i estab." 20 years."
Tel. . Main ; 1997. BRADLEY. & CO., ,640, Clay; i
JAPANESE, Chinese j help of aH kinds furnlsh-
i ed ; : house-cleaning. ;;7oB -, Taylor ; s James »76U6. 1
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese I Employment : Of-^
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. . Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman and \u25a0 mother .want ; positions aa
housekeeper; for middle-aged or elderly gen-
tleman; '; country preferred. Call 1 or >' address
699 Haight St.: phone > Page 3155. : . . r '_"
COOK for parties ; German ; , finest American,
French and German cooking; references. 1593
'\u25a0' Bußh st . .:•'\u25a0\u25a0-.-" .:/\u25a0\u25a0 --\u25a0;.:-\u25a0-:':.\u25a0:=\u25a0•: :"-.. '.\u25a0\u25a0.-. \u25a0-.''\u25a0•
A . REFINED . and cultured lady who has had
'; long experience in the care and, management
-of ; private ' boarding : and » apartment houses
Is -seeking an ~ engagement 'as manager " of
i some, flrst-claso apartment-house;: ls a careful
-. and * successful manager; -: references - ex-
changed. For Interview address MRS. A. ,T.,;
: 1225 Geary s_\ ;:;."." . ;.: y ' , - * . \u0084\u25a0
DRESSMAKER; Eton . Jackets, \u25a0 tailored ' suits,
evening * gowns ' and coats ; | work taken honv ;
up-to-date designs; ; fits guaranteed; ; satisfac-
tion given; • few, more engagements per - day
or week. 836 Polk st., near McAllister, top
: ,;flat.;. : -\u25a0 \u25a0 ".. . \u25a0-:,\u25a0 - . \u25a0 \u25a0;.\u25a0--;': / : - •:-\u25a0\u25a0 ' . \u25a0>" r;
GERMAN. woman who Is fine sewer or would
. serve as : Darlor . maid or -waitress or i would
<3o ' cV-ainbervvork lor sewing, . desires - position
.in good family. Phone Main 5382. ,-,\u25a0.•\u25a0
AN- exDerlenced' fashionable dressmaker
. (French) would like work at home or In pri-
vate families; very best of references.. Ad-
dress 1283 Turk street, w \u25a0 : '
A GOOD and striotly reliable mldcle-aged wo-
man; desires' position to 'do general house-
work. Call or \u25a0 addreso 1110 Powell st., near
Washington. . •
A STRICTLY reliable and I competent young
woman would -like Dlace to care for -sick or
. an' invalid; has bent of "references. Call or
address 705 Ellis st.. ' or phone East 9618.
A MIDDLE-AGED .woman, : thoroughly compe-
• tent, would t like • position to do light houae-
' work and cooking; wages $15 to $20 and car-
fare. Call; or address 827 Washington st.
A YOUNG and refined German lady, lately
from the. East, desiroa a position as a house-
\u25a0 keeper, either In city, or country. Call or-
;• address 2390 Mission st.
AN expert lady stenographer and typist, accu-
rate and . rapid, desires either a temporary or
permanent" position. Address P. O. box ,734,
or phone East 2019. . : . :
A COMPETENT woman • would like any kind
of housework or washing and ironing by the
day.- Address 111 Ninth St., or phone How-
ard 2536.
A YOUNG,' willing woman would like a posi-
tion to do cooking and general housework.
Address or call 211 Twenty-seventh et., up-
\u25a0 stairs." .'\u25a0' ' -.'\u25a0'". \' \u25a0 .:\u25a0 - - ' : . f
YOUNG woman, thoroughly competent, . wishes
- position to take care of sick or an Invalid;
\u25a0 will work by day or week; best of references.
Address 705 Ellis St., or phone East 9518.
A STRICTLY reliable colored girl would like
.a position -as lady's 'maid,' or, would do light
chamberwork or , housework; no washing..
Phone East 9301., - : : ' - '"--'\u25a0 -'\u25a0 •
AN elderly lady would like a place in the
country, where she could assist with light
- housework; small wagee. Address MRS. M.,
322 Rltch Bt. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman who Is good cook and.
thorough housekeeper would like a position
in a small family of adults. Call at , 559
• Minna St.. .'....
A COMPETENT and willing young woman
would like work in private houses, either
washing •or cleaning. Addrees or call 315
Linden aye.
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like place
in city where ehe could learn any kind of
work; is willing. 417 Jones et. ; phone East
3615. •; \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0
YOUNG woman thoroughly experienced In
bookkeeping and office, desires temporary
work. Box 3939. Call. ,
SCANDINAVIAN girl who Is a' good cook. and
laundress desires position, j Address or call
278 Ninth st. '\u25a0'-'* \u25a0
AN experienced dressmaker on evening gowns
or street habits would like engagements for
\u25a0 this month. Phone East 9082. .
YOUNG woman .would like Dlace to do down-
stairs work or. cooking, where assistant 13
- kept. Call or address 703 Stockton st.
COMPETENT reliable woman would like place
to cook (or mtn or keep house; has good
. references. Call at 974 A Howard Et.
A GOOD, woman would like place to do house-
work- or" washing: and ironing by the day.
Phone Howard -2538. or call 111 Ninth st.
A SKILLFUL first-class ; dressmsJter on ex-
clusive , designs would like a few more
patrons. Phone East . 8653. .
A .MIDDLE-AGKD lady who is ;•' strictly re~
. liable and com Detent would like, a place as
'\u25a0 housekeeper. J Call or address ,19 { Powell " st.
AiiERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's posi-
tion or- cooklns:; neat and -reliable.' Mrs.'M.
H., 114" McAllister" St., flat 6.
COMPETENT person wishes work by the day;
cooking, assist at parties or clean; Tel. How-
ard:r.so.< -, - y . ; \u25a0 ; : •-:;.'
LADY who is strong and willing, wishes posi-
tion to do cooking or general , housework in a
nice family. Address 850 Market St., rm. 14.
YOUNG woman would like ' to do work by the
day in private * houses or rooming houses.
Address or call 161 Seventh et. **!.:'.'•
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position In
good American- family, or will assist where
, extra help la needed. Address L., 1505, P01k.
DRESSMAKER desires : engagements by the
I day ; accustomed to j the finest work; . street
and evening' gowns. Phone East 3C53. :
A GOOD Japanese . girl would like position to
do general housework in private family. Call
1916 Howard st. ; •> phone Church 3660. •\u25a0 \u25a0 ;
YOUNG woman. wants work by day, : washing,
cleaning or Ironing; $1 day. .Box 4840, Call.'
A "iOUNG woman would like work by the day, L
cooking or houaecleanlng.' Apply 331 Minna:
LADY who Is neat and .quick sewer desires
eewlng by the. day.' Phone Scott; J415.
JAPANESE girl wants a position as school
girl. OGAWA. 2023 Pine st.
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 t 1 \u25a0 ' 1 1 1 11
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AS attendant to elderly gentleman. Invalid or
chronic 1 patient ; | anywhere now or later, •\u25a0 by
J responsible man of 40; best qualifications and ;
flrst-class • training and experience ' as ' nurse
and masseur; country : place . with : outdoor
work and life_pref erred; best references. Ad-
dress J. JAMES, Ban Mateo/ Cal.
YOUNG man thoroughly experienced with
chickens and incubators desires ' position .on
a poultry ranch. J. GORDON, Seal Cove,
Halfmoon Bay, Cal. . . * .
GENTLEMAN recently from i the East , would
like position with real estate firm'; experi-
enced i solicitor and salesman; . partnership
. preferred. Box 2844. J ; Call office. : ; \
YOUNG man, aged 24, with three years' expe-
enceln the hardware business, -wishes posi-
tion as stook or : filling orders or selling
goods; city or country. Box 4827, Call office.
EXPERT accountant, bookkeeper ' and system-
atl aer ; competent to manage V any business ;
now open for engagement. > Box 2542, , Call, j |
YOUNG gardener wants position, I either com-
mercial or \u25a0 private; ' local * references.' Box
\u25a0 4536. Call office. ' •. \u25a0
MAN >\u25a0 wants', work;- any kind. Address: 2529
\u25a0"'- Clement aye., . Alameda. / .' ' - . •
WANTED — Position in branch bakery, delica-
tessen or similar business, where there is an
•!. opportunity to ; learn the business; ' small
wages. Box 89S8, Call. -;.;.
young bookkeeper.' Al refer-
ences), desires position \u25a0: in ; city \u25a0or country;
good correspondent and can use typewriter.
v Box 4819. Call.' 1 - y .; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:-
A BOY \u25a0 13 years of . age would like a * place
in. the. coun try, • where, he could work: for his
board and,' go to school ; please address ; 1018
Kansas ; st.'. ; San -Francisco. , -;. '..'•\u25a0• /- "
AN 'f experienced . cutter ion - men's tailoring \u25a0 de-
' sires a poeltlon In either city or country; has
' first-class : references. :'. Call - or- .address
,TAILOR,:2I Powell St., room 29... V: ; -.
SITUATION wanted; coachman,; Scandinavian,
with :• high class references, \u25a0\u25a0' single, 'v. sober,"
willing and rellable;,s years last , place. ; Box
3934. ; Call office. : : . : ;: \u0084
WANTED— Job on small dairy milking from
:\u25a0. 10: to 25 cowb : and general' farmhand or. but-
* ter-maklng -"creamery; experienced; ;:s refer-
\u25a0 '\u25a0; ences/. 80x4813, Call office.: •' .' >
MIDDLE-AGED : man '\u25a0: wants work '• aa *',- chore-
man ; ; oan milk and . take , care . of \u25a0 garden ; and
\u25a0f horses ; : no objection to ' country ./t Apply . 1231 i
.'. Park St.",, Alameda. <\u25a0' .''\u25a0/\u25a0[ \u25a0 • \ \u25a0-- , ," -:" •-, - .
A ; TRUSTWORTHY- gentleman, . aged 30 years,'
"would \u25a0 like ,' position '. with \u0084 business , firm - as
\u25a0 clerk,- or .collector; :-:will- cheerfully Ifurnigh
: * bonds, s 1 /Address '\u25a0 R. .; L. ; D. ,*,' 6 : Monroe I st." . ?;,
DANISH V. man > wants : situation as ." plain- gar-,
P -,dener, care- of -, horses ' poultry; ° can -^milk; \u25a0
best- .of -..reference. *\u25a0 :,' Address :.- ANDREW.
'\u25a0 JOHNSON. 331 Kearny St.," room 44. /
A* SOBER t and • Industrious : Dane, 1 40 ryears , of
:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: age," desires ; housecleaning and I Janitor ; work ;
A' good :.; references. * "Apply "' or. address \u25a0 1629
: ; Golden ;. . Gat e. aye. :. ,'"-.': \u25a0
ELEVATOR man with ; city; references .wishes
I situation in apartment-house ;i is' employed In >
..; hotel now.-;: Box. 4Si2,\Call : office. 1':,"1 ': ," • \u25a0
IN order ! to.l earn the electricar trade ' a young
\u0084 man 4 of !; 22 ;. will i- work 5 for a boy'e wages.
t; Bex -8943; -Call office.- \ ; : v! : ,' '; :
A>' RELIABLE ' man % wants ; situation : as night
watchman; - references.- 'Address " X v 8.","^- 203
;;.,Thlrd:st. -
EMP^QVMjroN^JCTA^TjB^-^^AL
MIDDLE-AGED reliable man wishes any light
;\u25a0 honorable employment; inside or outside; ex-
.perienced.as salesman and advertiser; willing
, to ; engage for small salary 'for the preeent in
."\u25a0anv simple "-work; 'references given. Box
i Si)4o.' Call office. -.
A MIDDLE-AGED man of sterling habits, re-
• liable,- honest and sober, : desires engagement
for coming year as 'salesman or collector with
a? flrst-class -furniture house;-- haa had 7
years' . experience In" the- furniture; business.
Address ,WM. STONE, general delivery, city.
YOUNG" man. aged 23 years, residing with
\u25a0 . parents, desires position as clerk or assist-
ant; wholesale house preferred; Is a willing,
faithful worker and would give employer his
best '\u25a0 efforts: eood references If desired. Ad-
:drea» "H. P.." IGI6A Turk st.
WANTED— Management of orchard, vineyard
or etock ranch by a reliable ,' man with ' 14
I years' : exserlence •as foreman and 'superin-
tendent: in -California: best references. Box
4516. Call office. , . \u0084 - -
A MIDDLE-AGED man, married, . thoroughly
familiar \u25a0 with all . branches lof ranch \u25a0or or-
chard •\u25a0:. work, would - like * position to take
care ofjplace; is handy with tools. Address
L. COFFEE, 252 Guerrero St. .:,
MAN thoroughly experienced In all kinds of
agriculture, stock raising. Irrigation or grad-
ing land desires situation as superintendent;
has best \u25a0 of ' references. Address F. :M.
BEEBg. 476 Thirty-eighth «t., Oakland.
A PAPERH ANGER and painter, flrst-class,
quick, up-to-date mechanic, wants situation;
\u25a0 I - must have employment; will work ' for
$2 60 Der day: city or country. Box 3945,
Call office. ;„; .. . --\u25a0
WATCHMAKER, young man/would like posi-
tlon anywhere ,as watchmaker's assistant;
has had experience at bench; also 9 months'
school experience in East; has tools. JAS.
H. , LEHMANN, 405 Geary \u25a0»_\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
FIRST-CLASS young bookkeeper and general
I office man, lAI refercnoes,' desires permanent
position In city or nearby ..town with firm
-who appreciate ability. .-. Box 2767. Call office.
WANTED— A situation In a creamery by a
Canadian butter and cheese maker. Box
4837. Call office. - -
YOUNG man desires Mituatlon as | groom, sln-
,. gle- handed; best Eastern references. Ap-
ply Ii.SS Connecticut st. - -
ELEVATOR man with city references wishes
J situation in apartment house- Is employed In
hotel now. Box 4512. Call.
COACHMAN or stableman by elderly Engllsh-
man; "good references. E. T., 3581 Sacra-
mento Bt. ' , . -\u25a0\u25a0.-'
YOUNG man speaking several languages and
of good address and appearance is anxious to
obtain a poeltlon. Address G.A., 558 Steiner.
FIRST-CLASS steam and gas fitter would like
position j no objection 10 country place.
Phone . East 4481. .
A GOOD bartender would . like city poeltlon;
can give good references. 'Address D. H.,
; -1402: Polk st. •
A RELIABLE man wants situation as night
watchman: references. Address I. 8., 205 3d.
FIRST-CLASS electrician; willing to go out of
town. Box 2846. Call. \u25a0 ;
INDUSTRIOUS young man wants work of any
kind; reasonable wages. Box 3935, Call.
YOUNG . man would like situation in grocery
store; experienced. Box 2756, Call office.
Al PAPER-HANGER and painter wants sltua-
tlon; go anywhere If steady. Box 2736, Call.
COOK and pastry cook; best reference. 1177
Howard st.,' room 14.
YOUNG Japanese of experience wishes position
as schoolboy or housework;' wages can be
a emall; good place. more, desired; speaks good
English. Address 715.- Sacramento "st., or
phone .Black 1871. -
JAPANESE boy who speaks good English
desires position to do general housework.
Address JOE YAMA, 703 Larkln St., or phono
East 5770. . . „ ;
JAPANESE, first-class cook and also a fine
waiter, is desirous of obtaining a situation
in city. -Address A. MATSUO, 313 Stockton
St.. or phone Maln;slBS.
A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy wishes posi-
tion as school boy In small family. Call or
address R. IC, 442 Devisadero st. ; phone
• Page 2100. - '
FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
where -, he could work mornlnge until 10
o'clock. 5 Addrees or call T. IKEDA, 1207
\u25a0 Bush- st. • \u25a0
AN honest ' Japanese boy • would like work of
any . kind to do after \u25a04. p. m. dally. - Ad-
' dress. S. S., 620 Laguna St., city. »/,,
A FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
to do plain cooking or general housework.
Address M., 321%' O'Farrell.
A JAPANESE who Is fine cook and has best
of references wishes position as , school J boy.
Address HARRY TAKETA. 25SA O'Farrell.
JAPANESE -boy desires a position as house-
's work or. waiter. TANAKA, 1348 California.,
A- GOOD Japanese - schoolboy would like plae*
where he could be useful. | Phone East 2442.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. , Address T. H., 1329 Pine st. ( .
CHINESE, a good family cook with experi-
ence, -wants place; city or country; best ref-
erences. \u25a0 Call or write to 721 Stockton st. ;
. phone Montgomery 1636. , •.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook would like placo
with nice family; wages from $50 to $60 per.
month. /Address C. LEE, 306 Clay st.
V FINANCIAL.
$8000 — ON rood country farm • and business
property: will pay 6 per. cent : net; security
worth 1S.O0O: Investigate quickly, as loan
must be had January 10. Box 2776, Call.
FLATST JTO LET.
A A A— COMPLETED LIST *OF HOUSES,
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
. renting department is, free to all; we can find
I you a home in any part of the city; ask for
/ no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department - freely; - you are more
than welcome. 'K3W6W_*fei«_sg
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 243-239 Geary
st. (on the square.)
CLAY, 2421, near Fillmore— Upper flat; 8 sun-
ny rooms; modern Improvement, , storeroom
and yard; no children ;\u25a0 rent ?14. h.-
SANCHEZ. NW. corner Elizabeth, near 24th—
New, upper. flat; 6 rooms, bath; sun all days
all modern Improvements; $25.
ALMOST new, upper 6-room flat; sun and light
' In each room: rent very low If rented before-
the first of the year. 1455 Broderick st.
BRODEKICK. 143. near Haight— Modern B-
room - flat ;: marble steps, beam ceilings, eleo-
trlc lights, ; etc. ; owl cars; rent reasonable.
NICE sunny flat of 4 rooms; rent $12; electrio
lights If wanted. 520 Sixth et. -
NEWIjY furnished 6-room flat; piano; sewing
..machine treasonable, 1342, Haight st.
MISSION, 1513. near, Eleventh — 6 rooms, bath,
\u25a0 yard and laundry; : rent : $22 60. •
BUSH, 1231-1231 A— 2 flats; 3 roome. each; bath;
rent $IS. and $15 each.,: Apply'l223 Bush-at.;
$17 60— UPPER 'flat; 5- sunny rooms. .169 Page
: st., between Gougrn and Octavla. -
A MONTH . free ; I new 4-room ' flats, $23 ; Janitor
\u25a0 >v service ; • sunny. \u25a0 2287 Hayes st. , nr. G. G. Pk.
BRODERICK, 1433 — Live rent free; 6-room flat,
with 4 attic rooms; can sublet each room; $23.:
CENTRALLY : located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. " 1002 Mason at., cor. : Sacramento.
CENTRAL, .modern.' I , upper. flat. 6 rooms, bath.
\u25a0 i 1026' Sacramento st., above Powell; moderate.'
NOE St.. 328, near Market— Modern lower flat,
,-6 rooms '\u25a0 and bath: rent $22 60. :.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
\u25a0; 16 pages. In wrapper.' for mailing. $1 per year.
; FLATS TO LET~FURNISHED.
ANICEJ^Y furnished sunny flat; 5 rooms and
; bath; • rent - only $20; \u25a0\u25a0 Geary ; cars • pass : door.
, " 1307 ; Point , Lobon '.aye. near. Second • aye. -'.
HAVES.' 4 1700-^-4 : front rooms, bath; new; com-
,-:. plete housekeeping; "gas; electricity; $25.* . I
\ _V : ._ .'. ~'.- : '-J FLOORS '. TO; LEASE.'", i- -."' .'- - .
. LARGE ! light floor;' electric elevator; ! excellent
location : low rent. •\u25a0<\u25a0•' KNOWLEB , CO.. *, 24 2d.
FURNITURE .' \
A— PHONE South 1015; it will payjyou to send
->. for \u25a0: me •\u25a0 before \u25a0 you * sell your furniture," car-
* pets. piano. I etc. j M. ' Q ALLICK, 201 Larkin.
MARK \ J.- LEVY AUCTION CO./ 1321 Market
: St.," bet. ! 9th : and \u25a0 10th, i paying • big money for
; \u25a0; f urnlture.% etc.'-i Phone j South \u25a0 179. • - - .
"Alfred Wollpert, .773 « Mission,' phon- Red 4462,
:1 1 pays 1 highest price : for - furniture, ' carpets, etc. ,
HENRY MAYER : pays highest prices for fur-
i.'niture.icirpets.-.eto. 782 Mission; teh Bush 813.1
Z. ABE * LEVY. > 1135 Market -«t. , •: phone ' Jessie
,'\u25a0 ? 761,' pays cash and buys ' everything. : - : '
c ; FOR SALE. ;
; HALL, ; stair :* and"* parlor -carpet," good- stove
parlor 3 pieces ; V cheap; >\u25a0 call > after 9 - o'clock'
v> 925 ii.Yor_£ st. -r.-v •"•:>*"."\u25a0; -\u25a0 - - ; ; '\u25a0 ' ;:-\ : ';, \u25a0=-; • *.. -.\u25a0
ALMOST t given I away : | unredeemed : storage* pi-
anos and fur. ; Whltehead's Storage, 1636 Mks.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. .
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ..... .429 BiwhW
Fancy , lroners, mangle hands. Southern Cal-
ifornia. $35-$3 O. room, board, overtime, etc.
60 waitresses and chambermaid*, city, cc 0 ""^
try, springs $30-SJO
3 waitresses, same mining commercial **°£ e '\i
; Second girl, private family -...v .'.525
Nursegirl, take - charge child - 2 years old.
\u25a0• country, party here .... -....$3O
Cooks, housegirls second girls, nurseglrla.
,C. R. HANSEN & C 0..... 429 Bush st.
COOK, German style, 2 in family $?0
First-class * German cook, no wash ...... $^5
Waitress, country - restaurant $23
Waitress, country hotel, faro here $23
Short-order cook .......$S week
Working housekeeper for country $20
3 second girls, city and country •• * 23
. Chambermaid, wait dinner, city ..$2O
2 arm - waitresses, short distance.... $3 week
2 first-class nurses ..$3O
And a large number of girls for general
housework city and country. $15-$30.~ Apply
tOt J. F. CROSETT fc CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WAITRESSES wanted — 2 good .waitresses can
have steady positions In city at good wages.
Call room 318. James Flood building.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng. manicuring, mas-
- sage, etc., from A to Z in 1 mo. for $10; 7
.positions to fill guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and eve, olassi 234 Post, r. 17. 2d floor.
THE opportunity of your life; millinery taught
In first-class parlors; guarantee- to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan. 25;
Unas $20. 234 Post St., room 16. 23 floor.
LEARN halrdresslng. facial massage, manicur-
ing, scalp treatment, hair work. removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions wait-
Ing; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear ito work In factory. 636 Mission st.,
third floor. . ' •
AA— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear and
children's wear to take work home. 636
Mlsalon st..- third floor. \u25a0
AA— EXPERIENCED tuckers wanted on
ladies' underwear and children's wear. 656
Mission st.. third floor.
AA— EXPERIENCED operators on ladles'
. waists and summer suits to work in factory.
- 650 Mission et.. third floor. -
FOR Berkeley — Refined, companionable woman,
care partial invalid, other light duties; com-
fortable' home; wages $20. Apply 12 Front
St., room 38. .
WANTED — Flrst-class Marcel wave hairdress-
er. -Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALB
BROS.'
GIRL for Alameda for light housework and
plain cooking; small family; wages $23. 2123
San Jose aye.. Alameda. Cal.
WANTED— -Working housekeeper for San Ra-
fael :- 8 In. f am.; good home. Apply 710 Bu-
chanan, city, bet. 9 a. m.-12 m.. Saturday.
SECOND girl wanted to assist In general
housework and wait at table. Apply 1413
Larkln st. \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0
WANTED— GirI for general housework: wagea
$20- $25. 2353 Pacific ave.j call Saturday
morning.
DRIVING glove maker; experienced; steady
work. Excelsior Glove Co.. 413 Market st.
BRIGHT, energetlo ladies. $2 per day; at once.
Schwerdt bldg.. 24 Cth s t.. room 5. 8-12. 3-6.
NEIAT girl to attend office; easy position. 1095
Market st.. Grant building, room 518. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-..- -v
APPRENTICE to learn operating- on pants.
266 Stevenson St.. between 3d and 4th.
WAITRESS in small restaurant; experience not
necessary: $6 week. 764 Howard st.
GIRL to work behind . the counter In restau-
rant. 33 O'Farrell B t. ' _.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for belt and
bag department; must have at least 2 years'
experience. Call MARKS BROS.'. .1220
Market «t. ' - - -
WANTED — Young women to learn, telephone
operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. m.. 216 Bush st..
third floor. . > '
BOOKKEEPERS.cashIers. bill clerks.etc.,l will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions in
30 days; private Instruction by accountant :po-
eltlons secured. Address box 1730. Call office.
WANTED — A girl to assist with housework;
wages $10 to $15; good home. Inquire at
8573 Twentieth st.. near Valencia.
WANTED — A competent girl for general house-
work; must be first-class plain cook; wages
$30. 2237 Union st. - . .
LADY wishing to learn bookkeeping can have
office work -as Dart payment for tuition.
Box 2565. Call.
WANTED — To employ a lady with good knowl-
edge of music; salary $800; references re-
qulre d. Box 3944. Call office. -
CHAMBERMAID and answer bell. 228 Taylor
street. '
WANTED — Experienced mangle hands. Apply
at United States Laundry. 16th and Valencia.
NEAT young lady as working housekeeper;
\u25a0 must have good references. Box 4821. Call.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers. CHARLES
BASCH, 744 J^arket St.. room 20.
WANTED — Girl to cook and do downstairs
work. Ca11. 902 Eddy St.. 9 to 12 m.
BARHERS — Employment "and '"iDDlleav
BARBERS, Attention— Coleman's Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought and
sold. See COLEMAN. 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
$200 — 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near city;
finely furnished, good business; a bargain sel-
dom offered. COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bid.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; choice location;
sacrifice. COLEMAN, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops offered to buyers at special
Inducements. Coleman's, 311 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops — Large variety of them; some
very good ; also a number of chops In coun-
try; all prices. BTOLTZ. 723 Market st.
FOUR-CHAIR barber shop and cigar store:
> sold at a sacrifice If taken at once; account
sickness. Address P. O. box 839, San Jose.
BARBER shops wanted; all those that can
bear close investigation as to their merits
. may apply to D. STOLTZ, 723 Market •:.
BARBER wanted. 663 Howard St.; steady
job; call early.*
BARBER (good) wanted Saturday and Sunday:
percentage. 803 Kearny st.
WANTED— Barber; 10-200 shop. 684 Filbert
street. \u25a0 t , -
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 838
- Folsom st. : 10c and 20c.
BARBER, flrst-clase workman, for Saturday
and Sunday. 823 Montgomery are.
GOOD barber wanted: steady Job. 606 Clay
6treat. •
BARBER wanted — Saturday . and Sunday;
wages $6. 1466 Seventh St.. West Oakland.
WANTED — Barber Sunday mornings. 411 De-
visadero at.V •
2-CHAIR barber shop and 2 furnished rooms
, at a bargain. 1625 Mission st. •
$150 BUYS a swell 2-chalr shop. 656 Fourth
; .street. - • ' ": - ' r.- :' ;.
ONE-CHAIR shop, with 4 furnished rooms.
CHARLES FORWICK. Menlo Park. Cal.
.TWO-CHAIR shop for sale; receipts $35 to $43
-: per .week; rent $9 per month. 817 Laguna st.
BARBER shop for sale. ' Call at 630 Commer-
cial st. \u25a0 '. . :. ;•'
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; good bargain;
money-maker. 759 M Howard st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MEN and . boys ; wanted to learn ' plumbing
\u25a0trade; pays $5 day after completing course
of practical : Instruction .; at , home or In our
, schools ; \u25a0; graduates admitted .to Union and
- Master Plumbers' Association; positions se-
cured. COYNE ' BROS. CO. Plumbing-
Schools. New York, Chicago. 111., Cincinnati,
Ohio. Free ; catalogue. ,
MEN learn the barber trade tn S weeks; tui-
tion earned while .learning; situations guar-
anteed: only up-to-date colleges In America.
- MOLER'S . SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED— At once/ solicitors for the city and
v, vicinity:., special holiday .inducement. Call
.and investigate; afternoons and evenings, at
.3155 Mission, st. ~ \u25a0 V > .-/ ..: . .;\u25a0".-.
MEN and < ladles . to « learn barber trade; new
\u25a0 : method; ; wages earned while learning; posi-
tions guaranteed, after .-eight -weeks. GILL-
MAN'S. Barber College..^27 Clay st.
, WANTEDr-Laborers "and I mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
; added 100 \u25a0 new « rooms .to the Denver House
217. ThIrd St.. 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— First-class tailor's cutter. Box
callofflce.: ;-'- T.y. > ,-. ,
BOYS "toCdelterer jtelegrams; 'can -earn $35 to
$50 per -. month. '.-\u25a0 300 Montgomery st.
APPRENTICE boy lin architect's office • state
particulars. :Boxi 4817. Call. ".'""':*
AN -experienced man for 'renovator}' wagon for
delivery, and^ soliciting. f 2200 Fillmore st. .';
SAILORS and > young "-. men (green hands) for
* ships. ? HALLBERT. '; 517 Jackson st.
DETECTI VES^-Learn '. the - business ; money
- ____ while leamliuE. ; 604 Montgomery, r. < *MIM I
HELP* "WANTED— MALE — Continued,
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free list of positions four
times daily — 7 a. m., 10 a. nv.
'.:\u25a0; - \u25a0 1 p- m. 4 p. m.'
\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--"\u25a0- EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION- AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO—
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. 634-KJG Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THB
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 191)5 we hooe tr>
64.C00 men work. Increase 64.000.
JANITORS. PORTERS. ELEVATOR MEN.
2 Janitors, city wholesale house, f 43.
PRUNERS.
2 apple pruners. S. C. Co., $1 75 day.
Man and wife, chicken ranch. San — (atee
County.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Shirt polisher, city Job. $15 week.
R. R. COMPANY OWN WORK.
10 trackmen, apikers, strappers, etc.. $60.
BAKERS.
Paul Eickenberger, the baker, please call.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MERCED. MERGED.
THAT NEW RAILROA^
600 drillers I"*
600 ban imermea .....••.•••••••••• 175
500 laborers $67 30
600 muckers $37 50
Wo have got special railroad rates.... s2 40
OUR OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
CLO6B TO PRESCOTT. »40 mile*. $9 4».
23 laborers, you'll suit. Call early.
• -.- MURRAY _ READY. 634-688 Clay st.
THIS NEW MILL.
INSTDB WORK— STBADT JOBS.
23 laborers to go this afternoon, $3<X
General manager here. Call and •«• Mai
AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Play St.
LOOK.
Walter, mine hotel, $25 and found.
Experienced salesman on folding paper b— _,
$70 to $100.
Furniture finish am: also apprentices.
MURRAY & READY. 634-686 Clay it
LOOK! LOS ANOE—ES, IS.
SHIP TO-DAY. 9 A. M.
—TO LOS ANGELES. M—
—TO LOS ANGELES. *3—
25 teamsters, $67 60.
25 trackmen, $67 SO.
20 MUCKERS FOR MXNX*. $T».
ARE YOU OOINO TO LOS ANG__3S?
IS FARE.
MURRAT _ READY. 684-636 C— y St.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamtters. specta] R. R, fare. $85.
£5 laborers, special R. R. fare. SS3.
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAT.
12 teamsters, free fare, $97 00,
Baker, bread and caks. small eood Job. It
week and found.
8 cooks, different places, special Jobs, $30 t*
160 and found.
2 machine hands, planing mill, $3 day.
Men. address envelopes, this office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
• MECHANICAL.
2 sheetlron workers, city.
2 Iron molders, country foundry; printer,
country town, $40.
S tinners, steady work, country. $2 60 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MINES— QUARRIES—
—LA BORERS— TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
SO miners, hand and machine work, 12 39
to $3 day.
20 tunnehnen. near city, $2 73 day. -
47 drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try. $2 50 to $2 75 day.
15 headermen, tunnels, $2 25 to $2 75 day.
LABORERS.
843 laborers, different jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia — factories, mills and general work;
$2 to $2 60 day. $60 to $75 month,
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE 32 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
One Thousand Men.
1000 MEN.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN. $73.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $67 30.
BOARD. ETC.. $20 MONTH.
SPECIAL FARE, $2 40.
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH ?
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CLAT ST.
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
FREE TO-DAY. TO-DAY ITS FRE_
OCEAN SHORE R. R.
43 laborers. $60. »
43 teamsters. $67 50.
43 drillers. $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
63 COAL MINERS.
H TON— ARE YOU GOINO?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 Clay »t.
165 TIEMAKERS. 13c EACH.
FACTORY.
15 laborers for general work around a larr*
factory: no experience needed; steady the
year round;, any willing man can fill the blllj
Inquire about It: you'll go; wages $90.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at.
' : HOTELS. ETC. ~
5 cooks, other places.
Walters, city hotels and restaurant*, $33 a
month.
Marker and distributor, country laondry. $58.
OTHER*.
20 boys for stores, factories, city aad eova-
try.
Experienced Sorts t. city store.
FARMS, RANCHES.
MILKERS. CHoR—U_ff.
6 plow tearasters. good ranch. $30 and M.
14 g«nerat farmers, different ranches. $23 ts
$32 and found.
18 milkers, 'butter- makers and choremen aa4
choreboys. $13, $20. $23. $30. $38 and found.
15 pruners. vineyard or orchard, $26 to $30
and found. ' • .
MURRAY A READT. 634-636 Clay st.
TEAMSTER, special city wagon. $2-42 80 <ay.
Man do rancn work blacksmlthteg. $1 23 day
and found.
MURRAY A READT. C34-6SS CUy it.
BHABTA— SLSKITOC FREE FARSL
23 laborers ...:...|M
ARE YOU OOINO TO SHASTA?
13.000 Men to
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
$2. $2 50. $2 73 to $3 5O day.
1200 MEN WANT—D.
TO THREE STATES— *
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
IDAHO.
Cost only IT 73 to sti —en by tral a.
LOOK.
12 stablemen, different city stables. $60.
6 buggy-irasbers and harness cleaners, Jk*
and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER and clerk, our offices.
6 extra typewriters, our offices.
FOREMEN.
Foreman, grade woods. $3 a day and found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher. Northern C— llf ornia, $50 and found.
\u25a0 Young man, work ia tool room,* city Iroa
works. $40 and found.
PLUMBERS AND BLACKSMITHS.
Plumber, factory. $3 60 a day.
Tool sharpener. R. R. work, free fare. $3 W
.day. #
CARPENTERS.
23 car repairers. Los Angeles, far* $3. $3 50
day.
MTiRRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $80
to $180 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools indorsed by all railroads;
day and eve. session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st.
AT ONCE, bright young men, 18 to 33 years,
to prepare for excellent Government positions
in this State; starting salary $300 per annum.
See Immediately N. H. OLIVER, 43 Phelaa
building. 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
WE want a flrst-class man. accustomed to sell
at wholesale and with experience tn the
talking machine business. -to sell at whole-
sale In San Francisco. See MR. O RA Y at
125 Geary st.. Columbia Phonograph Co.
WANTED — At once. good, live canvassers to
represent us throughout California: large com-
missions paid; complete outfits furnished free;
good prospects for right party. Full partlcu-
'lars address Oregon Nursery Ox; Salem.' Or.
YOUNG men. learn sign painting; I teach you
by mail ; \u25a0$5 for complete course. Writ* for
particulars. NI3LE SCHOOL OF LETTER-
ING. 04 W. Mountain st.. Pasadena. CaL
MEN ; and '. women to . learn the barber trade;
, new method; wages paid while learning; pc^
' sitions. guaranteed: special Inducements San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st.
ANY Intelligent person may earn good Incom*
corresponding . for \u25a0 newspaper; , experience un-
necessary; send for particulars. Press Syn-
' dlcate. Lockport. N. Y. *
WANTED— Boy. 14-17. office, wholesale house;
good opportunity for bright ambitious boy-
references required. -Box 3942 Call. *
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c pet-4
n J. xn .V « lot . he 9 closets, hair mattresses, elec-
trio lights In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
GERMAN cab^t-nuOsar aad Fr«no_ polish*! Z-WAY TO LIFE-LONG BUSINESS RELATIONS
HELP WAVTHD- MAI.n — Continued.
A— PACIFIC CON. EMP. AGENCY. INC.. '
635 WasMnjrten «*."*- , Phone James S3OL
FREE FARE.
Plsklyou County, new uork, $60.
Free' Far*— Near • Oregon— Ship To-Night.
SAX BENITO CO.— SOUTH,
6 laborers. Urge n-.lning co., $60; board $18.
0 laborers and roustabouts, in woods, $35
*nd founfl. $1 50 fare.
2 «nool tenders. $55 found, fare $1 50.
Laborer" snd t<-.&— sters. San Mateo Co.,
$60 and $67 50.
WESTERN PACIFIC.
1000 men. 3 years' Job, $67 50.
Pipe-fitter, near city steady. $2 50.
Wheeiwricht, ranch, south, $10 found.
10 laborers, <juarrv, n<?ar city, $2 25.
Coil miners. Oregon, $1 ton.
Spool tenders. $55 ar.d found.
PACIFIC CON. EMP. AGENCY. IXC.
PORTER and wife, for institution, $45 and
found; Jobbing blacksmith and «hoer, $3 day;
tanner and wife, $30 and found: baker, coun-
try shop, $12 we«k; bellboy. $15 and found:
waiter, country. $:>(• ar.d found, and others.
J. F- CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — A good baker'e helper for a coun-
try position; pays $25 per month, room and
board. C»ll room 318. James Flood building.
ANDRE'S of floe. Sl7 Stockton H.— Butler, ho-
t<l. $50; butler. Catholic college, etc.
WANTED — For 2 or- 3 weeks, a competent
ranch hand thoroughly familiar with plant-
2ti*r fruit trees; must have flrat-class refer-
ences as to ability to prcperly eet -trees;
will have to do own cooking: place near Gey-
•errilie. Address, stating: wages, box 4823.
Call office.
WANTED fcr U. S. army — Able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery et., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Competent ma nager for tearoom In
large establishment: state age, experience,
reference* and salary expected; applications
will not be considered unless applicants have
had first-class ' xperience. Apply box 2541,
tliis effice.
BY wholesale house, strong boy. about 15;
must live In Oakland with parents and have
gram — ar school education; good chance for
tdvancement. Address, in own handwriting,
piving references, box 4526. Call.
1 GOOD Dlctorial e'.ro painter. $4 Cay. Call
at employment office. ~V4 Howard st.
2 GOOD uphrlsterere. $3 50 per day. Call em-
Dtoj_est office. 764 Howard et.
1 GOOD shop carpenter. $3 day. Call employ-
ment office, 764 Howard et.
WAITER wanted. Call SIS James F^ood bulld-
*Tig.
WANTED — An experienced helper in a bakery.
2125 Mason ft.
WANTED — Laborer*; pick and shovel. 14th
and N ft. South: take Kentucky-st. cars.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d St., rm. 522.
PENSION atty., E. A. Buliis, rt n. 40. Phelan
lild. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
t'AUTEL \u25a0tTants feOO men to buy inspected
Government shoes at 631 Sacramento st.
IO.OUO WORKINGMEN to buy our genuine
0 army shoes: all inspected. 105 Third st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third ft., near Mar-
keV-700 rooms; Ssc night; reading-rooms;
free V>u£ and baggage to and from ferry.
f ADVERTISEMTNTS. subscriptions received at
1 Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church «s.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
"Xicm of advertising *nd subscriptions ha»
c twen opened at 100S Market ft., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
THE best commission proposition en this coast
fcr huttlers- a novelty that interests every-
body on right. Call 9 to 12, HEATH. 303
Callforfiia st.: experienced men preferred.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
WANTED — To hire 300 head of hcrsee or mules
with harness for Rcraper work. Inquire for
tpartlculars MADIGAN. O'NEIL & CO.. 122
Grove t£.
EEOO.N'D-HAND rubber-tire carriage: pneu-
matic road cart: rubber-tire buggy and vlc-
tc§-ia.: cheap. 500 Golden Gate aye. • ":..-'\u25a0
GOOD team and =ar.d wacon for sale. 2020
Folgorn Et.: in harness shop.
. flog) — BOARDING ar.d livory stable for sale;
Song l«-asc-; bargain. Box 4541. Call. _•
AUCTION sale cf ho— es, wagon and harness
\u2666'\u25a0sry Wednesday at-11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st.
, HORSE for sale; suitable for lady or a doctor.
MS Howard st.
A V.XEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
o 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p" year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBfEN & CO., 20 Motgmy.
jfpUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
r*j_*RNIEHED house of 19 rooms; clears $60 per
"ir.onth at Ijresent with 2 rooms vacant; price
. flf<f<O. f>6 South Park.
* COTTAGES TO LET.
JtEW, neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
• tvi beach: 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
tlectrlc light: sun all day: rent reasonable.
c Take Park and Cliff House car, 6top at 48th
aye., go south one-half block to No. 1275.
FURNISHED and unfurnished cars and cot-
< c tagee, Ocear.side district, al«> facing ocean,
$10 up. J- H. D. FELDBUSCH JR.. renting
adept.. 4»th aye. and I «t.. ocean boulevard.
EIGHTH aye.. 33*. Richmond District— Rent
fC2 SO; 5 rooms, bath; larpe basement, yard.
. COTTAGES TO LET — FURNISHED.
EE«jOND aye.,- 441. near Point Lobos — Fur-
:nish«d cottape. 4 rooms, pax. l.at:~. piano; $30.
c ' HOTELS.
'HOTEL Et. Nicholas, Market, Larkin. Hayes
... sts. — Heart of S. F. ; modern : American and
;., «Eui ipean plans; electric lights and phone in
every room; hot and cold water; quiet.
INVALID CHAIRS.
fcOi*b. rented, exchanged: manufacturer of the
Ktmw tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
JAPANESE FLORIST.
JAPANESE Florist — Fresh cut flowers every
day; plants, for sale a specialty. 1708 Polk
«.. rutr Washington. Phone East 1304.
' LOST AND FOUND.
LOST s—December5 — December 28. string of gold beads.
Grove, bet. Lyon and Devlsadero. or on El-
* tt. car. Return to 3433 Grove st. and
receive reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Soriety of San Francisco in the
r.atn a cf ALBERT STANKE, No. 201-1150.
The finder will please return to bank.
DOST — A pas* book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of NELSON MOORE. No. 192-813.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOFT — A lady's hand bag on Alameda train,
containing money and Jewelry; reward of $20.
Bex 4b43. Call offlre.
LOFT— In Berkeley, handbag containing gen-
tleman's gold watch and other valuables. Re-
ward for return to 21!»1 Prince St.. Berkeley.
L/DST — Chrisrtjr.as day. lady's brooch set with
pearls. Finder suitably rewarded by return-
ing to Captain Wm. W. HART. 68 Flood bid.
LDFT — Small yellow ha!f-bretd pug dog. Name
"Bingo." Return to Zinn Eugene Hotel or
IV.-lvedere Mu*le Hall and get big reward.
LOST— Receipt book. Return to F. W.
BANKS. 1078 Howard st.
LOST — A Keofeh terrier, named Lee. Return
10 73.% Hayes rt. and receive reward.
LOST— Brown hors<; -near Twenty-third and
Mlwrinn. Inquire 153 Pc-uglass st.; reward.
LOST — Mink fur; on Market or Jones et. 701
Port st., apartment 5; rewarC.
LOST — Gola horseshoe bracelet eet with 5 tur-
quoise; liberal reward. Miller; Hotel Savoy.
IX*f-T — Dec. 25, gentleman's ruby and diamond
fc&rfpin; liberal reward. 104 Kearny st, ;
I/>PT— Gold locket: Initials C. S. D. Return
to i<.V> Eddy st.: reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $l-per year.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
Rt.. for pleaEure and .business; tel. Bush SS4.
v MINES AND MINING.
XHSAYKCGrore terting. H. W. WHITeC 761
Market st.. Ban Francisco.
__ c __MCSEUMS. '-.' .-v-,.'
Site LJEBIG STAFF Free " Museum of
Acatc— 7 moved to 1023 Market Et., near Cth.
( MUSICAL j INSTRUMENTS. 1
UPRIGHTS FROM $65 UP.
Piyel. Emerson, Roenisch, Smith & Barnes,
Gabler, Curtaz, Sterling and many others, on
easy payments; open evenings.
BENJ. CURTAZ - SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
A BPECIAL list of bargains this week; stand-
ard makes Included: rent $2 per month up;
installments $4 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st. \u25a0 - .
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 and $2 50: one year's rent allowed If
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 660 Hayes st.
SAVE dealers' profits; buy direct from factory.
DEITEMFJER PIANOS, 839 Valencia sL,
between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
BARGAINS In pianos and mu6ical merchan-
dise. Call afternoons and evenings at 8155
Mission at. \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0- -
A FISHER upright piano. $155. 237 Geary st.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and furni-
ture. Whltehead's Storage, 1636 Market et.
A FISHER upright. S9O. Call from Sa.m. to
9 p. m., 584- Valencia at.
BARGAlN— Chickerlng upright grand: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
PIANOS extraordinary, stock East'n mfgr, sac-
rlflced; terms to suit. Statham. 110 McAllister
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-hanB, $40-SSOO.
PIERCES Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SOB-312 Post et.
NEW upright pianos gold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister at.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand ;
Shoninger little used. Keeffe's. 255 Of arrell.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H 8. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards. Ninth and Bryant sts.
We hare a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery.
%i-lnch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (n*w)
\-tnch pipe.... $3 85 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe.... $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
I^-inch pipe.... «7 to per hundred feet (new)
IH-lnch pipe.... $S 80 per hundred feet (new)
2-inch pipe $11 85 per hundred feet (new)
2W-In. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 10c
S-in. screw pipe <2d ha); ready for use, 12^0
BV4-ln. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use, 15c
4-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 190
Send by check, money order or coin by
W. F. Excres^, Co.. with order.
H. a WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office 130 Beale st.
Reference-^-Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO. 130 132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission St.. S. F.
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Smith Premier Type-
writer, *35; a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st., agents L. C.
Smith & Bros.' visible typewriter.
UNION Ice Co. plant for sale; 250,000 ft. % pipe
ordinary & ex. heavy; ether elzes up to 12 in.;
boilers, engines, pumps, air receivers ; 25 HP.
gas engine, tanks. G.Weissbt*im, 356 Tehama.
A— BUYS, eelle and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITKLAW. 336 Main st.
FOR sale — A sealskin as good as new.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE.
907 Market st.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
cold and exchanged; power plants in their
ent Irety bought. Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton St.. second floor.
A — THOMSON steam engine Indicator; practic-
ally new; great barg. L. Epstein, 538 Mission
FLAT top desk for sale: nearly new. 163 Bel-
vedere st. ; phone Grove 934. - ;.".- ;
GOOD sanitary couch for sale cheap. IS3
Belvedere at.: phone Grove 934.
TWO cameras for sale cheap; good outfit. 415
Powell st. .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-1 1
YACHT Neptune for sale. 246 Sutter St..
room 9. " \u25a0
BABY Al Vieta panorama cameras. $3 50; take
plcturca 214x6%. Sunget Bazaar. 42 Third.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES — Must make room; no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery st.
DEFKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. P. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 511 Sansome St.,
San Francisco.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGAI.ITPI. 805 Kearny Bt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, tale, rental;
bargains. BCLIARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladies' and
gents' clothing. Tel. Howard 1187; 154 9th st.
DIAMONDS, etc, bought for caeh. Karl Eber
& Co.. 4<iO-4m Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny St.
31 ONE Y TO LOAN.
CONFIDENTIAL.
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made on pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock and to people on their in-
dividual notes at banking-house rates; in
case of sickness or loss of 0 iployment we
extend your loan, so you taki no chance of
losing your goods; your business is etrictly
confidential, as we make no Inquiries of your
neighbors; goods remain In your poa?eessicn
snd you can have the loan as long as you de-
sire; If you have any outsanding bills or
owe any loan com rany, we will pay them
for you and give you more money; It is
easier to pay one than a number; to ladles of
prominence we make loans without any se-
curity whatever: we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper in this city; don't fail to
call and see us and we will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up-to-date method of doing
business; you meet no one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, room 16. Phelan building; phone
Main 704. \u25a0 .
MONET
ALWAYS ON HAND.
BUMS FROM $10 TO $300.
RATES NO HIGHER HERE.
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AND '
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS TREATMENT ALWAYS.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FURNI-
TURE PIANO, HORSEw VEHICLE OR
SALARY. ETC.
NO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
I NO BANK MORE RELIABLE.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
' SHOULD BE LEFT HERE WHEN YOU
NEED MONEY.
WE'RE READY AND WILLING.
ENTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO.,
202-203 CALLAGHAN BLDG.,
MARKET AND MCALLISTER STS.
PHONE SOUTH 922.
LOAN HEADQUARTERS.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY. "
<501-602-6OJ Examiner Building.
Quick rettlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANT salaried employe or wage earner can get
lust on bis note:
J Monthly. Seml-M. Weekly.
$50— Return to us.. sl3 35 $6 C 5 $3 35
$30— Return to us. . 800 400 200
$20 — Return to us.. 535 265 185
$15— Return to u».. 400 200 100
Or any other sum, and pay back in proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 600 Rlalto Wdg.,
New Montgomery and Mission sts. \u25a0-' : -
" ~ 'WTLL LOAN - "
reasonable amount oa
Ist. 2a or 3d
Mortgages on real estate .
In city, town or country-
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location,* etc.
Box 223. Call office.
BALAHY LOAN*—
Money leaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment.
Call and get terms. Drake, 4."3 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin's Jewelry Btore,
878 Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market st. and 27 Third let.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. : retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-houees, without
security: easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 653 Parrott bldg.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER; 29, 1905:
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton St., near Market.
• 2d flocr.
Loans made to salaried people without any
publicity or other Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate In probate, life
Insurance policies, . estates, second . mort-
gage s :^^£slgnmMitßofi - eTUs^etc^_______
ANY amount quickly. , on \u25a0 furniture or piano
without removal or omer security; lowest
rates; no commission; : confidential.- 500-7
Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor st., corner Market.
LOANS to salaried people without indorser;
prompt attention and liberal terms. .The City
Loan Co.. 211 Crossley building.
ALVA CO. loans money to salaried tpeople with-
out eecurlty; good terms, easy payments;
also on other security. 507 Jas. Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgy. St.. room 21.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
ity; loans on indorsed notes and other secur-
ity. S. F. DISCOUNT AGCY.. 125-7 Phelan.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn., estates In probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security ;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE, 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. Federal Loan Co.. 609 Exam. bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy Bt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
McGARVIE & CO., 720 Market St.. loano money,
C 5 to 80 per cent of valuation of property. .
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladies, air who are
sick or In trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. 1037
Market at.; hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 5:30 to 8:30.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
nuile troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed Office hours 9 to 6, Sunday
10 to 2. 1008% Market et., opposite Fifth.
DR. SYLVESTER'S office. 1206 Market st.
Leading Specialist for Women.
Irregularities cured ir. 24 hours or no charge ;
advice free; etrictly private; hours 9 to 9.
DR9. GOODWIN'S herb treatment. \u25a0 reliable,
safe, prompt for female Irregularities: relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. - «50 Mkt. St., suite 39.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021 i* Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth 6t.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. W. R. MACY, reliable ladies' specialist.
906 Market St.; hours 10 to 9; Sun., 10 to 3.
DR. and MRS. DAVIBS and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE store; rent $15; electric light and gaa.
518 Sixth st. -. " \u25a0
PERSONALS.
"REXRADIO" offers Y-O-U a list of 500 city
REFERENCES. You can call and S-E-E
the hopeless eick cured, and yourself get a
FREE SAMPLE of the power, This Christ-
mas season you will be charged for "treat-
ments" ONLY ONE-HALF the . usual mod-
erate fees. The BEDRIDDEN can be VIS-
ITED. Patients at a DISTANCE are treated
through the MAILS. Office hours 2 to
6. Offices CROWDED; come EARLY.
"R-E-A-D A-G-A-I-N" and SHOW your sick
FRIENDS LAST SUNDAY and MONDAY'S
I-M-P-O-R-T-A-N-T REPORT by " Editor
Engleke regarding many WONDERFULLY
successful treatments of alleged INCUR-
ABLE? "disabling" inflammatory RHEUMA-
TISM. DROPSY. PARALYSIS, NEURAL-
GIA LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. TOTAL
DEAFNESS. DIPSOMANIA. DEAFMUT-
ISM BRIGHTS and HEART diseases, etc
ADDRESSES of the grateful patients (also
WITNESSES) given you. Offices 509 Kearny.
A FREE ill. 47-page book on piles and fistula,
containing much valuable Information con-
cerning rectal diseases; sent free to any suf-
ferer Frank R. Wcston, M. D., author, suite
501-2". Donohoe bldg.. Mkt. & Taylor. S. F.
MME. GILLINGHAM. dermatologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
stored. 114 Geary et.; tel. Montgomery 2057.
AT le«s than cost; uncalled for fuHs. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 723 Market st.
8 BRAND now tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25, for $9 75. 440 Bush., nr. California Hotej.
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQITERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS- AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pa*t four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
POULTRY. EfiGS, ETC^—FOR SALE.
WANTED — Laying young white. Leghorn hens;
state price. A. GEHL, general delivery^
Alameda.
MT ANTED. \u25a0 -
WANTED— Partner In a good bay and river
boat enterprige. Box ' 4839. \u25a0 Call.
~PAINTING AND PAPERHANGINO.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per, 5c up. Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: U. 8. and foreign
patent laws. F. P. MEDINA, 532 Market at.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES^
X^EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 728-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore; tel. West 828.
BEKINS'Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et,: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price- all kinds rented lowest rates.. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth. ,
ALL kinds second-hand. $3, $5, $8; slightly
used, $10. : $15. $20. You know where dolls
swing in th* window. 1051 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES^
A^TYPEWRITER is the best holiday gift, es-
pecially for the boy or girl; partly used $100
machines of all makes from $20;. fully, guar-,
anteed; rentals from .$2 50 month. . W.
• BCOTT. 207 Montgomery st. <
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1"
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters
higher and lower prices: rentals. $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
FOR sale — Very cheap, a Fisher billing and
book writing typewriter. : MUNICIPAL , LOAN
OFFICE. 907 Market st . ;; t
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/'.'.. : .. LEGAIi;K OTICES^; :
NOTICE of Consolidation of Mechanics' ?lnstl-
. tute and :' Mercantile - Library Association—
' Notice .Is hereby given , to all ' whom It may
concern . that ' Immediately cf tcr 'the • expira-
tion of one month from ' the date of the first
publication of this notice the . above - named
corporations purpose :to : consolidate •", all :- of
their and each . of their debts, property.: as-
sets and franchises into. one corporation, to
be known and ; styled : Mechanics--' Institute.'
Dated Dec. . 26. \u25a0 1905. .', Mechanics' r Institute,
by Rudolph " J. .Tausslg,'; president; " Joseph . M.
. Cummlng. secretary. " Mercantile Library As-
sociation, ; by D.i E.Mlles,? president; C.;K.'
Bonestell, secretary pro : tern. /; "„":,;.'.: 1,-0. ;
I, THE underslened, ' will : from * this date s not
be held retponslble '; for any debts contracted
by my- wife. H.. F. SCHLOTT.
December 29, 1905. \u25a0 .-
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE — CITY.
BELLINO -
TO BEAT THE BAND. \u25a0
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275 — Elegant 1 level building lots, ; close to
school: fine car service on Mission st.; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where . the ozone is not polluted
with dust and smoke, to say nothing of ' the
deadly: microbe; no -interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 for - finely located lots 3 : blocks . south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled:
enhancing in value with every stroke ' of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY, .
26 Montgomery. St., room 8. .
$40,000— ELEGANT new flats; near Hyde and
Clay ets. ! lot over 50 feet . frontage; select
neighborhood: first-class condition; rents
$320 a month.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
$2000 CASH will buy brand new first-class 7-
room residence on the east side of 4th aye.,
between Clement and California sts. : bal-
ance to suit, purchaser. HENRY BUB-
ROWS, owner and builder.-. : \
$7000— HOUSE and lot; 1205 McAllister St., 75
ft. west Flllmore; 25x137:6. Inquire on prem-
. lses to-day between 1 and -2 o'clock.
ABOUT $1000 cash, bal. at $50 monthly, will
buy NE. cor. with a. handsome, new 6-room
house; cars pass door. See Mol.se. 417 Market.
ATTRACTIVE bargains In city real estate
only of BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. .--\u25a0 ' \u25a0
REAi; ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale.
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE A HOME.
CHOICE 10-ACRE TRACTS
— — —
IN SUTTER COUNTY.
BEST ORCHARD LAND
IN CALIFORNIA
AT EXTREMELT REASONABLE PRICES.
Address P. O. Box 81, Tuba City.
1 .
$23,000— A LARGE and old established, well
paying hotel business with a first-class
equipage in all of its departments, occupying
26,400 square feet, 3 frontages, in center of a
busy country city in a great citrus belt, 85
miles north of San Francisco; owner making
a fortune out of this plant, wishes to retire
from a continuous service: of many years;
cash down $14,000, balance $9000 on mort-
gage. Photographs and particulars to buyers
only at 482 Eddy st.
WANTED — Country real estate in all parts of
California. JOHNSON INVESTMENT CO.,
1305 Broadway. Oakland.
ALFALFA irrigated lands. $25 per acre; $1
dowr, $1 month; no Interest. I Pamphlets at
INDEX LAND B. CO., 241 Crossley , bid.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery
st.. San Francisco. - - •
ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT.
JT T^«T I O^F*
GOOD SIZE LOT
AT A SACRIFICE.
All street work complete.
Small cash payment required.
Mortgage can stand.
MUST SELL.
See me at once.
WM. M.. BUTTERS.
Phone Oakland 5432.
468 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities." Palo Alto and Mayfl-eld, th«
Stanford University towns; large lots, $.100
and up: cement walks; graded streets, etc. ;
small monthly payments; country property; v
houses for rent. San Francisco office, | 720
• Market: phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted.
HALFMOON BAY REAL ESTATE.
FINE beach lot, 50x165: 2 frontages; cheap.
, Address box 2746. Call office.^- \u0084„,
GOVERNMENT LAND.
WE will locate you on good Government land:
you are entitled to 320 acres of Governmrnt
land, 160 acres of agricultural land and also,
160 acres of a timber claim. Call and see us
at 614 A Jones Bt Tel. East 4733. PACIFIC
LOCATING. DEVELOPING AND COLONI-
ZATION COMPANT. \u25a0
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LAND wanted for subdivision; will buy out-
right or will Join owner In booming addition
or town site. MAXWELL, r. 578. James
Flood bulldln*.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FINE lots' to exchange for house and lot. P.
C. LASSEN & CO., 466 Tenth St.. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Good city and country real estate.
BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery st..S.F.
BERKELEY AJVEBT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP.
$1950 only, for a 5-room cottage in Berkeley;
near Key Route and local train. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO.. 406 Tenth st.. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND AD VEKT'S^TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY. ,
OVKLAyDREAL ESTATE.
IT MIGHT AS WELL BE YOU.
When I set out to sell a lot it is bound to go.
This lot is going to be sold 80 low that'the
buyer can make a good turn on the invest-
ment ' right away. .
One Of the most desirable lots In the beauti-
ful Alta Piedmont Tract. . Almost at your own
figure. ... Street work. Bldewalks, sewers, water
and gas mains complete. All ready to build
upon right now.
FINE RESIDENCE NEAR BY.
MAGNIFICENT VIEW.
It Is going at a. sacrifice If sold at once.
See me to-day or reach me by. phone Main
5704. \u25a0 .
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery St., room 8.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th at., cor, store, Oakland.
San Francisco Ad vert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEVELAND. 12 — Nice furnished rooms for
houeekeeplng; $1 25 per ,. week; $5 per month;
single rooms. $1 25 per week. ;
DEVISADERO, V lBlo^— Bunny ' front rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; in nice, new flat;
$17 50 per. month; gas* bath.
EDDY,' 332— All . kinds -of rooms; housekeeping
or single; sunny. : .
ELEVENTH, "-" 106 — Elegant • front \u25a0; parlors : : gas
range,: water, bath;; piano if desired; $18. .:
ELEVENTH, 223 — Nice, newly furnished rooms
with use of dining-room and kitchen; $14 per
month; also single rooms. ... , ;;s
ELLIS. 800— Nicely furnished, double,' connect-
ing rooms; also single rooms;- phone, running
' ' ; wa * er ' etc - \u25a0 ' ; '"•-.. .•--"\u25a0•.'\u25a0' :
FILLMORE. 1033 — Nicely or unfur-
furnlehed sunny rooms to \u25a0 let; '; reasonable
. rates; " .'," :.'"''•"-'\u25a0 -\u25a0' ; . :; \u25a0\u25a0' : \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 ''\u25a0-'\u25a0.
FOURTH , x 22s— Suite , nice housekeeping rooms;
also -single. . "-..\u25a0-' '"..\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0<-\u25a0-\u25a0: ;''---\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0
FOURTH. - 491— Neatly ,' furnished rooms com-
plete i for flight houseKeeping; .also, single
rooms; .reasonable.".' \ ;
GEARY, 917 — Fine, sunny „ rooms to let,* com-j
pletely furnished for housekeeping; , gae
... range, bath. ' water, V etc. ; from $10 up . per
:', month.'V \u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ':'-:...\u25a0'•'."''-•; .'.' : --' r r : .\u25a0 .-,
GEARY,'- 1225— Finely > furnished I:.'1 :.' large i front
suites: complete for, housekeeping, .baths: and
"'" ' all : conveniences: <-. also * other \u25a0 rooms at ; very.
••' reasonable rates. : \u0084- : '-\u25a0''.'\u25a0-•'-.'.- '.\..'-':- y •:\u25a0. -;.;\u25a0;
HAIGHT, ' 226— Nice 3 rooms, : completely » fur-
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..» nlshed for housekeeping; convenient and
'.;' pleasant. :. - .-\u25a0:-'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:. -.". '.:\u25a0.: '\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0'-':\u25a0'\u25a0 ' •"\u25a0\u25a0-:
HAVES,': 1779,; near,, Masonic ; ave. — Single, sun-
•.-' ny.Y- furnished -, and •. unfurnished rooms 'for
" housekeeping,' 1 with separate kitchen ;: reas. >:
HOWARD -823— Large, sunny, furnished room;
light bekpg-; couple or 2 or 3 girls; $3 50 wk.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
HOWARD, 2351— 3- sunny, well-furnished front
rooms to let, ; adults, $15; 2 rooms, $11.
JACKSON 1580 — Nicely furnUhed front rooms
for housekeeping; bath, : laundry, grate, gas
range, ; etc.; reasonable rates. '. ' - \u25a0
JESSIE, 323— Sunny room, furnished for house-
keeplng. gas range, sink. $2 75. -
LE 4. VENWORTH, 1010— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny front rooms for housekeeping, with kitchen.
LARKIN. 1042— Sunny, unfurnished housekeep-
; ; ing rooms. * \u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0''.'\u25a0- -
MARKET. 1027%— Nice front suite of house-
keeping rooms with gas; other rooms; light
housekeeping. ''-'-' \u25a0 \u25a0 "- '
MCALLISTER 405. corner Polk— Neatly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or en suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; nice location. \u25a0\u25a0 >
MINNA,' 452— Neatly furnished rooms. compleU
for houeekeeplng; also single rooms; desiraDi*
for one or two gentlemen.
MINNA 573, near Seventh— Large front room.
sunny kitchen and yard; no gas. \u25a0
MISSION. 823— Sunny housekeeping suite; also
sleeping room. \u25a0
MISSION, »3O}4— Fine, large, sunny rooms in
suites completely furnished for light house-
keeping; moderate rental; good location.
OAK. 117. or 14 Page— Complete for house-
- keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath: laundry: adults.
PAGE, 840 (corner) — Nicely furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; sun all day; rea-
sonable rental. : - - '
PERRY. 205. near Fourth— Furnished house-
keeplng rooms at reasonable prices.
POLK, 367. near McAllister— Nicely furnished
bay-window suites; .running water, phone,
etc.; also good unfurnlehed rooms.
POLK, 601— One front room for light house-
keeplng; or suitable for two gentlemen.
RAUSCH, 85, near Folsom — Flat of 3 rooms;
complete for housekeeping; $12 50 a month.
SIXTH, 3V)3 — Nicely furnished sunny bay wln-
• dow rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
' month. \u25a0 .- . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0?'.' • ;
SIXTH, 436%— Nicely furnished single or
double rooms complete for light housekeep-
lng; nice quiet family; rent very reasonable.
SEVENTH, 154— Neatly furnished housekeep-
lng rooms with gas and bath; $4 per week.
STEVENSON, 255— Housekeeping rms.. $1 75 a
week; light rm. with single bed. $1 25 week.
SUTTER, 871 — Nicely - furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping, either single or al-
cove suites; sun all day. -
SUTTER, 2302— Elegantly furnished eunny
suites for housekeeping; regular kitchen;
phone; piano; reasonable.
TEH AM A. 3—43 — 4 housekeeping rooms; business
location; rent cheap. » .
THIRD, 231 — Two clean nousekeeplng suites,
$10 to $20 month: single rooms, $2 week up.
THIRD. 354%— Nice sunny houaekeeplng
. : rooms to let at reasonable rates.
TENTH, 162 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping: suites $12 per month.
Single furnished rooms '$0 per month.
TURK, S02 — Nice and- convenient furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping; gas range,
water, etc. : reasonable rent. .
TURK 1159— Nice front suite for light house-
keeping in new modern. flat: also fine single
rooms at very reasonable rates; single rooms
desirable for students who can have board
If desired: nice quiet family.
TWENTIETH. 2609. cor. Valencia — Nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; regular
kitchen. • -. \u25a0\u25a0
VAN NESS aye.. 712— Nicely furnished single
rooms at $6 per month; also other rooms at
reasonable rates.
VAN NESS aye.. 519 — Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms from $7 up per month, with or wlth-
out housekeeping privileges.
WALLER, 71. nr. Octavla and Market — Nicely
furn.. suite sunny rooms; new; fine view.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
NEW 4-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; open for Inspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electric lights,
etc. Apply 231 Bth St.. opp.; tel. Howard 2670.
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell — 3-room
: gunny aparts. ; single rooms; modern; reas.
STIERLIN. 957 Hayes— 2 beautiful, sunny. 4-
' room apts., unfur.: see them at once; $25-s3<>.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
. — 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
ROOMS TO LF.T — Furn. and Unfuru.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and 7 Leavenworth sts.,
.In the heart'of the city.
300 rooms; 100 baths.
Modern in every detail.
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Rooms, with private bath, $L day.
- Tourist travel solicited.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week und
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASH aye., 22. Jnear Polk — Pleasant, sunny
room; quiet, private family; $7; central.
BELMOND Hou*e, over Owl Drugstore: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water In ever;- . . room; 200
rooms: 25c to^SOo per night. $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel, 112 C Howard st— loo rooms;
new house: modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH. 324 (The Elmer)— Fine furnished sunny
rooms by the day. week or month; cen-
trally located.
BUSH, 775— Newly furnished sunny rooms to
let;. running water, baths, etc.; rent reduced;
board If desired. ,
BUSH, 1040 — Nicely . furnished ' rooms suitable
for two or three gentlemen; sunny and
pleasant: reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1424— Sunny front furnished
rooms to let; : all new. :
DEVISADERO, 1814— Nicely furnished ,; sunny
rms.; up-to-date flat; private family; reas.
EDDY, 333— Nicely furnished front rooms; also
others; very convenient;, hot and cold water;
reasonable. : \u25a0 ~ \u25a0
EDDY, 878— A modern- flat; newly furnished; 2
- or 3 room suite; single rooms: beautiful house-
- keeping rooms;, plenty of light and sunshine.
ELLIS 323 — Elegant furnished suites, with
bath: reasonable .ratts; single rooms $2 50
week and up. •
ELLIS. 777 (Hotel Jerome)— Newly opened;
elegantly furnished single rooms and suites;
private baths and all modern conveniences ;
special rates will be given tourists.
FOLSOM. ISos— Nicely furnished rooms, all
new, with gas and bath, from $1 50 week tip.
FULTON, : 231— Single rooms; all improve-
ments : - gentlemen ; walking distance Market.
GEARY, 376 — Rooms to let; single/double and
en suite; rents reasonable. ;
GEARY, 657. near Jones — Nicely furnished
single and double rooms to let; rent reason-
able; walking distance. .'.- ':- /.-
GEARY, 6Co— Large light sunny furnished front
rooms ; other " rooms ; ; upper flat.
HAIGHT,' 892— Nice 'sunny * rooms; single or
mi suite. '...: . ' . , .;. ; - \u0084
MASON. 406 — Sunny front .room; • suitable for.
, .two, $12; also small room; $6 month, r
HICKORY . aye., 251— Completely furnished
rcoms to'let. ' :, .
HOTEL Hamilton and cafe, 125 , Ellis, bet.
Powell &. Mason sta., S. F.— Rms $1 to $3 per
day; . steam heat &. telephone In : each room.
JONES. - 1316-^-Two fine , sunny unfurnished \
• rooms :f reasonable. ; ' '
LARKIN, 819% — Sunny .: front . room. . suitable
\u25a0 for. lady; or gentleman,. $8 per month..:
LEXINGTON aye., 135, bet 18th and 19th —
Nicely furnished room In Mission warm belt;
1 rent very. ; reasonable; quiet . family. -: \u25a0\u25a0 :
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St.— loo
single and . family 1 rooms, 35c to $1 60 per
day; $2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in '; San Francisco
that has office on ground floor;' hot and cold
water, electric eights.; call bells, steam heat
'- In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
: ..vator ;\u25a0 day i and night \u25a0to Its guests.
MISSION; 823— Sunny furnished rooms, $1 f>o
- per/ week -,up."'v \u25a0 / ': .: - -
O'FARRELL. :375-^-Nlce ; neat furnished rooms
"toy let;-, also '\u25a0 other \ rooms for light house-
. keeping I ; if desired." - ..., ' : . >
CFARRELL". 532 (Dolores)— Elegant furnished
sunny \u25a0 suites '\u25a0, and single . rooms; 1 all ." modern
, conveniences, elevator. ; etc. ; reasonable rates.
PINE, : 2892— Nice furnished room \u25a0\u25a0 for gentle-
man * reasonable. -\u25a0\u25a0 '.
POST 217 — Rooms. to let, single and en suite,
: nlce'ly ' furnished ; ".. very convenient '- to busl-
\u25a0 "ness center.' . ... -
POWELL ' - 239^- Nice j furnished sunny front
' \u25a0 rooms \u0084 single of; en suiu; gas grate, bath,
\u25a0* running '.water. ' V .-'." .••\u25a0\u25a0 " '- \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0
RIO VIST At HOTEL, 253 Third tt.V-.near How-
-, ard New ; house v with . modern i conveniences ;
rooms en suite « and single ; rates by day, 35c
> up; by week.- $2 up: baths free to. guests. :
SUTTER," 'B6I - :; (Larchmont)— Fine •; furnUhed
rooms,*. with all modern conveniences; elevator
all night; $3 per ' week : and up; transient. .
ROOMS ITO LET— Fora, and Vnturn.
STEVENSON,- 797*4 — Fine furnished " single
rooms from $1 25 per : week ; private house.
TURK, 204— Fine furnished large sunny rooms
to let; running water; good location; $1 75
per week and up. '
VAN NESS aye., 631— Nicely furnished Urge
sunny rooms to let; walking distance; reas.
WASHINGTON. 1406, corner Leavenworth—
Nicely furn. rrc s: select family; marine view.
JNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, cor. 6th and Howard— No better
transient house In- city; rooms 15c to 50c
per night: 90c to $3 per weak.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable, 700 rooms,
85c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elee. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for- the recep-
tlon of advertisements *nd subscriptions has
been opened atIOOS Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ..'
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A LARGE handsomely " furnished sunny front
room; bay window, hot water and connecting
room: suitable for two or four, with excel-
lent board in private family; near park:
reasonable. Phone Page 3356. Box 4540. Call.
VAN NESS aye., 800. cor. Eddy. (The Alta
' Vista) — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
with excellent table board; reasonable rates.
EDDY. 630 (Hotel Garland) — Newly furnished
suites; modem and up-to-date; single rooms
and private baths; excellent table board;
reasonable rates.
MISSION, 2576 — Nice sunny room; running
water: suitable for young lady attending
school who wishes to stay in city during
school days.
CALIFORNIA. 1350— Nicely furnished rooms
and board in good Spanish family; American
and Spanish cooking; rererences. '
HYDE, 612 A —Newly furnished rooms In nice,
quiet family; good table board with home
cooking: single $22 50 per month; for two $45.
EDDY. 722— Nicely furnished rooms with all
comforts of home; convenient; German cook-
1 ing; reasonable rates.
LIBERTY, 30^ — Fine furnished double and sin-
gle room*; hot and cold water; baths and all
conveniences; excellent table board.
VAN NE§S aye., 503 (Hotel McAllister) — Ele-
gant furnished suites; private baths; fine
-.table board; good location.
VALLEJO. 543 — Comfortable front room; good
Spanish board: bath; piano; $20 month; refs.
GEARY, 640 (Maison Tence)— Fine front
suites; splendid French, table board: reas.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED rooms, with running water. In
private family, by gentleman; state terms.
Box 4825. Call office.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice, German Savings and Loan
Society, 526 California st. — For the half year
ending Dec. 31, ISK>S, a dividend, has been de-
clared at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday,
Jan. 2. URXJ. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of interest
as the principal from Jan. 1, 1906. GEORGE
TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Italian-American Bank.
460 Montgomery st., cor. Sacramento— For
the half year ending December 31, 1905, a
dividend has been declared on all savings de-
posits at the rate of 3 60-100 per cent per
annum, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 2. 1906. Dividends not
called for are added to and bear the same
rate of Interest as the principal. A. E.
SBARBORO. Cashier.
THE Central Trust Company of California, 42
Montgomery St., corner of Sutter — For the
half year ending December 31, 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared on the deposits in
the savings department of this bank as fol-
lows : On term deposits at the rate of 3 6-10
per cent per annum and on ordinary deposits
at the rate of 3V4 per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after Tuesday, January 2, 1906.
HENRY BRUNNER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st.. corner of Sutter. has
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember 31. 1905. at the rate of three and
one-half (3 Vi) per cent per annum, on all
deposit?, free of taxes, and payable on and
after January 2. IiKXJ. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of
• Interest «J principal. EDWIN BONNELL,
cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice, California Safe Deposit and
Trust Co., corner California and Montgomery
sts. For the six months ending December
31, 1905, dividends have been declared on the
deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows : On term deposits-, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3% per
cent Der annum, free of taxes, and payable
on and after Tuesday. January 2. I'Jcti. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager;
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian -American Bank.
460 Montgomery st.. corner Sacramento and
Montgomery stE. For roe naif year ending
December 31. 1905; a dividend has been de-
clared on all savings deposits at the rate of
3 60-100 per cent per annum, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday, January 2,
1806. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear tha same rate of interest as the
principal. A. E. SBARBORO, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice, Mechanics' Savings Bank.
143 Montgomery st.. corner. Bush — For tha
half year ending December 31. 1905. a divi-
dend has been declared on ail savings de-
posits, free of taxes, at the rate of three and
one-half (3H) per cent per annum, payable
on and after Tuesday. January 2, 1908. Divi-
dends' not called for are added to and bear
the same rate of interest as principal. Inter-
est paid from date of deposit.
JNO. U. CALKINS. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco. 710 Market «t. — For the
half-year ending December 31. 1906, a divi-
dend has been declared at. the rate of three
and one-half (3%) per cent per annum on
all deposits. compounding eemi-annually.
free o{ taxes, and payable on and after
Tuesday. January 2, 1906.
\u25a0 GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. San Francisco Savings
Union. 832 California st., cor. Webb — For th»
half year ending with Dec. 31. 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rates per an-
num of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent
on term deposits and . three and \u25a0 one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, ' free of
taxe?. payable on and after Tuesday. Jan.
2. 1906- LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 301 California si.. San Francisco, has
declared a dividend for the six months ending
December 31, 1005. of 5 per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits. 6 per cent on term de-
posits and 6 per cent on class "F" stock,
payable on and after January 6, 1906.
WASHINGTON DODGE, President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Humboldt . Savings Bank.
628 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel — For the
half year ending December 31. 1905. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and sixty one-hundredths (3.60) per cent per
annum on deposits, free of all taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday, January 2. 1906.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Security Savings .Bank.
316 Montgomery- ft. — For the half year end-
ing December - 30.'. 1905, dividends upon all
deposits at 'the rate of three and . one-half
(3Vi) per cent per annum, free of taxes, will
be payable on and after January 2, 1906.
FRED W. RAY. Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK; 315 Montgomery
st.; for the half year ending Dec. 31. 1905.
a -dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and one-half <3Vi)..per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on or after January! 2. 1906.. LEON BOC-
QUERAZ. Secretary.'* ,
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for public building— Office of the
, Chief ; Quartermaster. San . Francisco, Cal..
December 1. 1905. Sailed proposals in tripli-
cate. , subject to the • usual conditions, will
, b« received \u25a0 at , this office; until 11 o'clock" a.
nv. Pacific time,: December 30, 1905/ and then
opened in the - presence of bidders, for the
construction of one. set of hospital corps ser-
geants quarters at the Depot of Recruits and
' Casuals. Angel -Island,. Cal. Information fur-
' nlshed ,on application -.to this office. The
L'nlted States reserves the right.. to accept
.or- reject any or all: bids or any. part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals should be en-
'\u25a0' dorsed: Proposals for public buildings at tha
\u25a0 Depot " of Recruits ' and - Casuals, and \u25a0 ad-
dressed to •-. Colonel WM. . S. PATTEN. As-
\u25a0 sistant ' Quartermaster General.. . -
BUREAU OF PORT WORKS. MANILA, P. I.
Dec.' 20. : 1905. — Sealed proposals for the con-
„- struction iof two steel wharves In , Manila
harbor ' will \be received until 11 , o'clock
a. :—.,' April; 5, 1906, and r then • publicly
, opened.: - Information furnished on applica-
'), tlon to this office or to the Bureau of Insular
\u25a0 Affairs, Washington. ~< D. C.' .'Plans , may •be
Been at the above offices and ; al*o -at - the
'\u25a0•- United : States Engineer offices at :• Chicago
"•and* San Francisco and at the offices of the
Engineering News . and Engineering Record
at \u25a0 New :\u25a0 York.' ' W. L. ; \u25a0"'FISK. . " ; . Lieutenant
Colonelr- Corps of Engineers. U. S. A.. Direc-
tor of Port •\u25a0 Works, Philippine Islands.
PROPOSALS — Continued.
PROPOSALS
FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PREHTSJO
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS wUI ba received oa-
tll January 24. 1906. at. 10:30 o'clock a. m ..
for furnishing the PAPER for ttw PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINOIXO for the year end-
ing 2SUx of February. 1907. the said pro-
posals to be opened before and the award of
contracts to be made by the Joint Commute*
of Congress on Public Printing to tha lowest
and best bidder for tha interest of tha Gov-
ernment, the committee reserving to Itself
the rixht to reject any and all bids, as Us
Judgment of the best Interests of the. Govern-
ment may dictate.
Detailed schedules bf tha description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank, proposals, and
giving 1 tha regulations) with which bidders
must comply. - can be obtained by addressing
Chas. A Stilling*. Public Printer. Washing-
ton. D. C.
The contracts will ba entered }nto for sup-
Dlytnar such quantities) of paper as may ba
needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth In detail
in thn . schedule comprise:
90,000 reams machine-finish printing paper
24x33.
20.500 reams machine-finish prlntta* paper.
3SxIS.
36,500 reams sized and super-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, va-
rious sizes.
1.200 reams antique macihlne-fislsa printing
paper.
82.600 reams white writing paper. Tarlous
sizes and weights.
3.800 reams colored writing paper. Tarlous
sizes and weights.
0.000 reams cover paper, various 1 slaas and
weights.
10.0 CO pounds of best plate paper.
250,000 pounds of best map paper.
700.CC0 pounds superfine (single and double)
coated book paser.
5.650 reams manila paper, Tarlous sites snd
weights. /
154.000 pounds bond paper.
20.000 pounds artificial parchment, various
sizes.
4,000 pounds parchment dead.
10.000 sheets plated bullet patch. 18x21
inches.
10.000 sheets high-finish onion »k!n. 19x24
inches. MSHI
170.000 sheets cardboard, Tarlous colors, sixes
and weichtsi
8,600,000 sheets bristol board. Tarions colors.
sizes and weights.
10,100 reams first-class ledger paper, whit*
or blue. laid, or wove, various sizes
and welrhta.
9,200 reams second-class ledger paper,
white or blue, laid or wove, vari-
ous sizes and weights.
6,300 reams tissua and copying oaper.
40 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
820 reams marble, comb, and lining pa-
per, various sizes.
770 reams typewriter paper. Tarlous sixes «
and weights.
1.115 reams letter, note and quarto-post pa-
cer.
200 reams white French folio. 17x23
Inches.
25 reams extra S. and C. tissue paper.
2.000 sheets parchment. 15x21 Inches.
Proposal* will ba received for one thousand
reams or more. -
By direction of the Joint Committee Of Ojn-
gress on Public PrinUn*. >
Public Printer.
WASHINGTON. D. C; December 23. 1905.
STUTTERIXG AXP STAMMERING.
NORCROS3 Institute cures stam mering: new; \u25a0
scientific, complete. Office. Market & Taylor.
CARDS AXD IXVITATIOyS.
Engraved wedding invitations, Ti«ltln« A bust- \
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; med-
arate rates. J. H. Dnncan. 12a Kearny. — . 1-8.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaga licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Lloyd Baker. 2S, New York City, aad Ida
McKee 27, 'Denver, Colo.
Osmond W. Jackson, 38. 530 Golden GaU
aveaue. and Ida M. Brunsing. 36. 74 Cumber-
Volgmann. 48. 3215 Nineteenth street,
and Minna Volgmann. 39. 3215 Nineteenth st.
Marine A. Andrews. 21. 4O Sanchea street,
and Adeline E. Waterman. IS. 3515 Sixteenth.
Robert Cunningham. 52, Sebastopol. and
Katharina E^ Morse. 31. Sebastopol.
Joseph Batey. 25, city, and Josephine Plfer-
re Albert° Ber?, 21. 142S Geary street, and
Hilda V. Kline. 18, 1324 Buchanan street.
Jean Perichon. 35, San Mateo. and Eugenia
Rauiiuette. 2t>, *San Mateo.
Fred W. Taylor. 21. 2^B Twenty-fourth
street, and Etta M. Van Vlack. IS. 4323
Twenty-third street. \ '.. .
Giovanni Berti, 36. Mill Valley, and Letlzia
Balzari. 35, 2515 California street.
Matthew J. Lindsay. 21. Ross Valley, and
Mlna A. Gothic. 13. 1364 California street. %
Jonas Grace. 25, 33 Bright street, and Mar-
tha M. Gerloff, IS, 110 Fifteenth avenue.
Timothy Regan, 23, 143 Clara street, and
Ida V. Hahn. 21. 2013 Bush street. __
Harry N. Robinson. 30. Vancouver. Wash..
and Nellie Bronston. 25. Seattle.
Carl F. Mertens. 24. 716H Bryant street, and
Annie K. Feldman. 20. 657 Brannan street.
Alphonse Saublrou. 2S. 333 Jessie street, and
Edna M. Armstrong. 25, Lent?. Ore.
Jullen Hart. 31. 1012 Van Ness avenue, and
Helen L. Neustadter. 22. 1701 Van Ness aye.
George R. Dally. 21, Elmira. and Maud A.
Folsom. 18. 1509 Jackson street.
Herbert H. CaDell.- 27. 1731 Mission street,
and Carribel Fonseca. 22. 1731 Mission street.
\rthur NatUKh. 26. 1645 Fourteenth avenue
South, and Kathertne Danz. 22. 1744 Four-
teenth avenue South. _
Kiyoshi Ishige. 26. SausaUto. and HaUtt
Iku?a. 18, 020 Sacramento street. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES—DEATHSL^
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name aad residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ,
BORN.
FALK— In this city. December 28. 1905. to tha \u25a0
wife of Henry Falk. a son.
MARRIED. =
NEWTON— SANBORN— In this city. Decera-
" ber 2tt. 1905. by the Rev. F. M. Larkin. Dr.
John C. Newton and Frances M. Sanborn,
both of this city. --
TYRREL— MALCOLM— In this city. Decem-
ber 23. 1905. by the Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Harry Morse Tyrrel of Oakland -and May
G. Malcolm of this city. \u25a0
— ~~—
DIED.
Appleton, Lawrence.6s Laumeister. Florence
Bachelder, Susan. .68 A. 26
Barron, George. Lenihan. Richard, 31
Bornholdt. John H.,53 Loring. Mamie, 33
Btiletti. Rocco, 41 . McManus, Jas. T.. 55
Collins. Sussan A., 5s McNamars, Jas.. «7 \u25a0
Cunningham. Geo., 55 Matheson. Chas. W., 38
Dalldort. Rudolph. 62 Mullin. John. 89
Dayton, Elizabeth. 39 Newmann. ' Frank. 35 •
Denehey. Wm. P.; 72 Peck, Jesse T.. 39
Dlttmer. Meta. 63 Pike. F. Harry, 44
-Donnelly. Hannah. Rltey. Elizabeth, 36
'Dorsey. Annie. 31 Rlngwood, Catherine,
Flanagan. Bridget. 67 84
Garland, James. 65 Scott. Alexander. 53
Graham. William. 44 Scriven. Kate. S8
Hansen. Isabella.3 mos Smith. Annie \u25a0 M.. 85
Hinds, Ambrose. 87 Smith. Nick C. 37
Johnson. Roy Reed, 1 Trainer. Catherine 42
Kearney, James T. Tye. Ethel May. 11
Kelley. Maggie. 44 WltUAlfred J.T..8 mos
APPLETON— In this city. December 27. 1905,
Lawrence, beloved husband of ths late Cath-
erine Appleton, father of Fannie T.. Wallace.
Alfred and Margaret L Appleton. and brother
of Albert F. Appleton. a native of England,
aced «5 vyears 7 months and 14 days. .
BACHELDER — In Oakland. Cal.. December 27.
1905. Susan , A. Bachelder. widow of J. E.
Bachelder. snd mother of Mrs. TLomas
Fester, a native of New York, aged 68 years
9 months and 22 days.
BARRON— In ' this city. December 27.- 1908.
Georsre. beloved husband of Mary A. Bar-
ron. and brother-in-law of Mrs. j5. J. Balmy
and John T. Lanckman, a native of Ireland.
(Hartford. Conn., papers please copy.)
tT Friends and acquaint*. je» are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m .. from bis
late residence. 1702 Larkin street, thence to
St. Brfgid's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
Continued on Page Foarteen. -
HENRY J. CALLACHER COl
(Successors to Flannagan ft Gallagher). '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln • School. " 4 '
Telephone South 80-.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
— Funeral Directors and ' Embalmers "* "*— '
'Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. *
NOW AT 566 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth St.,'
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. • Henry Hansen. •••
JAMES McOINN * CO.
Formerly With McGinn Bros. -
- — -Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy St. Tet East M.
1314
' DEATH NOTICES.'
Continued frotn Page Thirteen.
<ff hla *oul. commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment National Cemetery. PrMl<Uo -
BORNHOLDT— In this city. December 26, U»oa,
John H. bt-loved hueband cf Louise "W.
Bornholfit" and father of John W. Bornholdt.
a. ewttve of Germany, aged C 9 years io
are ***££\u25a0'
• fully Invitad to attend the fun«ral to-aaj
< Friday). December 2S>, at 8:30 o'clock a. m..
liom his late residence. 3010 Fulton street.
between Sixth and Seventh • v ' nu€ *Mi«ion
mond District, thence to St. James Mtarion
„ Church. Clement street, near E xth *\f nue ;
Richmond District, where services *J4»*
held, commenclnr at 30 a. m. Interment
Cysrecs Lawn Cemetery.
BULETTI— In this city. December -5, I.WJ.
Rocco Bulettl. dearly & cl ° ved ,, hus^, ad A °t±[o
minia and lather of Margarita and Antonio
Buletti. a native of Switzerland, ased 4i
>care 4 months and 9 day». —•,!><«<-\u25a0-
CrFricnds and a£<juaimaiies cr* rtspci -
fuUy invited to attend the "M™ l ,. *°^?»
aT&w). fct 12:30 o'clock j>. m.. Jroir * £*
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co., l-> 24 bl^
En\£eet. thence to Masonic Temple. Port
and Montgomery streets, when? 6e " l^ 8 I ! B.i.8 .i.
be held under the auspices oi tP* rs "i za "^
lana Lodge No. "19. F. and A. M.. \u25a0*
thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COLLINB-In this city. December *8. 19Ks
Sussan Ann Collins, beloved wife of the late
William T. Collin.. and mother ot. "™- * '
li Rees J F Hardec and Dot and AK> e ™-
Coll"" a native ,ct lowa. a*ed 68 years 10
ni CTFr"ds 3 ana aJ 2c'qua!ntsnces are respwt-
*uUv invited to attend the :uneral Saturday
it 10 o'clock a. m.. from the mortuary chapel
cf the Golden Gate Undertaking Company.
2475 Mission etreet. near Twenty-first. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. December 2..
IM>5 Georfc-e. brother of James Cunningham,
and uncle of Annie and Elizabeth Doyle and
-Mrs. Alexander Btewart, a native of Ireland,
"cTNotict^of fuseral hereafter. R«»a»os
«t the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. .07
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
EALLDORI— In this city. December 23. 1005.
Kudciiih T. DaJidorf. beloved brother of
Meta H. Kroenke. and devoted uncle of
August E. and Edward H. Kroenke. Mrs. G.
E Moynihan, Mrs. Ado!x>h Meese. Mrs.
Charles Packer, Mrs. John Winter* and Mrs.
William Ludwig; a native of Otterndorf
Province. Hanover, Germany, aged C 2 years
10 months and 20 day».
DAYTON— In Richmond, December 2S, 1905,
Elzfiieth Lillian, beloved wife of Charles
Dayton, a*efl 39 year* 1 month and 8 days.
DENEHEY— In this city. December 28, 1905,
William P. Denehey, a native of Queens-
town, aged 72 years.
r>ITTMER»-At rest, in this city. December 2fl,
liK)5. Met*, beloved wife of the late Fred-
erick Dittmer, and devoted mother of Mr*
Katie Slebke and Hermann Dittmer, and
grandmother of Alfred and Clara Slebke. a
cativ« of Germany, ased 63 years and 9
days.
(CTServicea will be held to-day (Frl-
cay). December 28. at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
electric funeirl car. ". -"• ; :
DONNELLY — In tfcie city. December 27. 1905,
I Hannah Donnelly, alster of Mrs. Thomas
Schubert and Anne Donnelly, a. native of
Ccunty Roscommon. Ireland.
(uTTriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Saturday). at 9 o'clock a. m., from her lato
residence, 32 Chenery street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, whete a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9:30 a. in. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
DORSEY— In this city. December 28, 1905,
Annie, txloved wife of William Dorsey,
mother of Inna Knack, daughter of Fred
and Meta Dahmke, and sister of C. F. and
G. H. Dahmke, a native of San Francisco,
ased 81 years 10 months and 22 cayt.
C7"Service* will be held to-day (Fri-
day) at 10:80 o'clock a. m., at her late resi-
dence. 730 Treat avenue, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first streets. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FLANAGAN— In this city. December 28, 1906,
Bridgtt Flanagan, a native of the parish of
Doniery, County Galway, Ireland, aged t>7
years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 151 Perry street, thence to Et.
Rose'e Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose cf her
soul et Ba. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
GARLAND — In this city, December 25. 1905.
Jamet Garland, a native of England, aged
65 ye*». «?tevedore-engine«r.)
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
<rriday). at 10:30 a. m., from the parlore
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
*>ion street, between Seventh and Etehth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 |
a. m. train.
GRAHAM— In thl* city. December 27, 1905.
William Graham, beloved son of Ann Orr,
and brother of Annie Orr and Mrs. Mattle
Schawer. a native of Brooklyn. N. V., seed
44 years.
, Officers and members of Golden Gate Coun-
cil No. 34, T. M. I. — You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
William J. Graham, from his late residence,
20 Shipley street. Saturday, December SO,
at 8:30 a. m., thence to Et. Patrick's Church
for services, commencing at s« o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crocs Cemetery. Fines for
non-attendance. J. J. ROWE, President.
E. L. HARRINGTON. Cor. Sec.
HANEEN— In this city. December 2S. 1905,
Isabella, Infant daughter of Krrick and
Hedvik Ilanven. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 15 daye.
HINDS — In this city, December 27, 1905. Am-
brose, beloved husband of Lydle Hinds, and
father of F. A. Lawson, a native cf New
Hampshire, aged 87 years 6 months and 10
days. (New Hampshire papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at
the carlors of Bunker & 1 aim, 2660 Mission
street, between Twenty-*econd and Twenty-
m third (Mission Masonic Temple). Interment
> prl\-ate.
5 JOHNSON — In this city. December 28, Roy
Reed Johnson, beloved son of Charles and
Bessie Reed Johnson, and brother of Walter
Reed Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
Oal.. aged 1 year 5 months and 22 days.
J KEARNEY— In this city. December 27. 1905,
at St. Luke* HosDital. James T. Kearney,
beloved eon of the late Mrs. B. J. Nagle. and
beloved brother of Mrs. E. Pyne.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
•Saturday), at 9:4S o'clock a. m., from the
i<arl©m of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
•street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
gervices at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Crocs
Cemetery.
KELLEY— In Oakland, December 27. 1905.
Ulc* Maggie Kelley. beloved daughter of the
late Mia. Sarah Hansell, and elster of Mrs.
(Bernard O'Dcnnell cf San Francisco and the
late Eliza Hlckey of 1907 Pierce street. San
Francisco, a native of New York, aged 44 ;
veers 4 months and 3 days.
C7"Friends are ree^ectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
*:15 ft. m . from the parlors cf James L.
McCarthy. Seventeenth street and San Pablo
avenue, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
wbere a colezin requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy. 1
- Cross Cemetery, by car.
X*aUMEISTER— In this city, December 27,
1905, Florence A., beloved wife of Francii
W. Laumeister. mother of Francis W. and
Vincent A. LaumeUter. daughter of Mary
and the late George Smith, and elster of Jo-
•pph A.. William A.. John C. and Raymond
R. Smith and Mrs. E. D. Connelly, a native
of Woodland. Yolo County. Cal., aeed 'Mi
rears and 2 months.
CPTrier.ie and acquaintances are retr^ct-
fuilr invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion etreet, between Seventh and Eirhth,
thence to fit Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem bleh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her eoul, at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LENIHAN— In this city. December 27, 1305.
Richard J. Lenlhan, beloved con of Honoria
and the late Edmund Lenlhan. and brother
or Winifred (Nettle). Patrick and W. F. Len-
ihan. Mrs. Albert Roper and Mrs. J. J. Ma-
ioney. and the late Thomas M., Jack and
Delia Lenihan. a native of Clare Galway,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 31 years.
C7FTiends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral «o-day (Friday). De-
cember 29. at 9 o'clock a. m., from fhe par-
lor* of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
•trect, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his eoul at 9:30 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LORING— In this city. December 28. 1900,
Mamie Lorlns, a native cf Missouri, aged
S3 rears.
McMANUS— In this city, December 2S. 1905.
Jamea T., beloved sen of the late Rose and
James McManun. and brother of John Mc-
I Minus, and nephew of Mrs. Mary Miles and
the late Owen Prior, a native of New York,
aged 35 years 9 months and 15 days. :
CTFriends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 394 Rinpgrold street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the reoose of hie soul
at 9a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNAMARA — In Martinez. Contra Costa
County. December 28. 1905, James Me-
CHAS, H. J. TRUMAN & 00.
The Leading
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
Of San Francisco.
1909 MISSION STREET
Bet. ISth and ICth. Telephone Mission 109
Xamara, beloved husband of Mary McNa-
mara. and father of James, John, Josepn,
Frank, Henry and Reuben McNamara, a na-
tive of County Clare. Ireland, aged C. years.
JCTTho funeral will take place Saturday,
December 30. Mass In St. Catherine s
Church, Martinez, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Martinei.
MATHESON— In this city, December 28, 1905.
Charles W. Matheson. dearly beloved son or
Catherine Matheson and brother of John R.
and Andrew T. Matheson and Mrs. Richard
Cavanagh and the late Mrs. William Mc-
Craney. * native of Hannibal. Mo., aged do
years and 9 days.
MULLIN — In Santa Clara, December 28. 1805,
John Mullln. beloved husband of Margaret
T. .Mull in, lather of Mrs. B. T. Farrell of
Mountain View. Mrs. M. E. GrifHth of San
Joae, Hugh F. Mullln of San Francisco, a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years 6 mentha
and 14 days.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral from his
late residence. Sl6 Jefferson street, Santa
Clara, to-morrow (Saturday), December 30,
at 10 o'clock, thence to St. Clare's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated.
Interment Santa. Clara.
NEWMANN— In this city. December 28, 1905.
Frank Newmann. son of Andrew and Eliz-
abeth Beck, and brother of Charles Beck, a
native of Holstein, Germany, aged 35 years.
PECK— In Stockton. Cal., December 20, 1905,
Jesse Tniesdell Peck, a native of San Fran-
cisco, a sod 39 yeara.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 10:80 a. m.. from the parlors
of Porter &. White. 445 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment jjrlvate.
PIKE— In this city, December 27, 1905, at his
residence, 836 Halght street. F. Harry Pike,
beloved husband of MarY Pike, and father
of P-oee M. and Alice F. Pike and the late
Kthel M. Pike, a native of Bristol, England,
aged 44 years 11 months and 4 days.
C^Frlends, acquaintances and member's of
Division No. 205, Amalgamated Association
-^>t Street Railway Employes are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral Sunday, De-
cember 31, at 2 o'clock p. m., from Memorial
Hall. Odd Fellows 1 building. Seventh and
Market streets', under the; auspices of West-
ern Addition Lodge No. 255, I. O. O. F. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electrio
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
RILEY— In this city. December 28. 1905, Eliz-
abeth Riley, a native of Saa Francisco, aged
36 years.
RING WOOD— In this city. December 2T, 1805,
Catherine Ringwood, a native of County
KilsJare, Ireland. a*red 84 years.
(C~rThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the parlors of
McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
fitreet, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCOTT— In Billings. Mont., December 27, 1605,
Alexander Scott, father \u25a0 of Gertrude M.
Scott, son of the late Alexander and Cath-
erine Scott, and brcther of Thomas, Charles,
James, William and Aggie E. Scott and Mrs.
J. A. MacMillan. a native of Perth, Scot-
land, aced S3 years.
SCRIVEN— In this city. December 27. 1905.
Kate, beloved wlte of Thomas J. Sc/lven. and
mother of Madeline, Lucllo and James
Scrlven. and sister of Lizzie. Bridget apd
the late Daniel Crowe, a native of County
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 38 years.
fc3""The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9 a. m., from her late residence,
1535 Sanchez 6treet, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her boul at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, December 26, 1905, An-
nie M., beloved wife of Frank Smith, loving
mother of Mrs. R. Bulcock, Mrs. E. McCray.
Mrs. J. Turner and John King of Australia,
Mrs. F. Hewett, Miss Victoria King and
Cleveland and Fred Smith, a native of Eng-
land, aged 55 years.
JC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 1038 Mission street, thence to Cen-
tral Methodist Episcopal Church for services
at 11 a. m. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. \
EMITH— In Los Angeles, December 24. 1905.
Nick C. Smith, beloved aon of A. S. and
Marj- S. Smith, and husband of Amanda,
and father of Nick G. Smith, and brother of
John, France. Stella, Lillle, Anthony and
Eva Smith and Mrs. J. R. Bradstreet, a*ed
•J7 years and 1 month.
C^Friends and aequa'ntanc<>B are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. irom the resi-
dence of hla parents, i 230 Eleventh avenue.
Sunset, thence to Church of the Nativity, on
Fell street, near Franklin, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
TRAINER— In this city, December 25, 1905.
Catherine, wife of John H. Trainer, and
mother of Belle. Florence and Charles
Trainer, and aunt of Mrs. Anna J. Kohl, a
native of Bandon, County Cork, Ireland, aged
42 years.
CTFriends^and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). December 29, at 8:30 o'clock a. m.,
from the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7
Mission street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her boui at It a. m. *
TVE — In Oakland. December 27. 1905. Ethel
May, eldest daughter of William H. and
Mary E. Tye, and sister of William, Lloyd,
Walter and Milton Tye, a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 11 years and 14 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), December 29. at 3 o'clock
p. m., from the residence of her patents.
2250 Adeline street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. "
WITT — In this city, December 27. 1905, Alfred
J. T., dearly beloved and only son of Jochim
end Anna Witt, and loving brother of Anna,
Mabel, Joseshlne and Henrietta Witt, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aeed 8 months and
IS days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully injfited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:SO p. m., from the residence cf
his parents. 2965 Sacramento street, between
Devlsadero end Brodertck. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
Ban Mateo County. .*\u25a0-\u25a0"'
MA.SOXIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
-\u25a0'.' 588 James Flood Building. S. F. .
COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Continued From Page 15.
Bullion .4... 25 27! Overman .... 21 23
Caledonia ... 52 54 j Potosl 08 00
Challenge ... 19 20] Savage 51 52
Chollar 17 18i Scorpion ..... 12 13
Confidence . . 85 W>! Seg Belcher. . 10 11
Con Va M...1 20 1 25, Sierra Nev... 28 30
Con Imperial — 01 Silver Hi 11... 87 S3
Con NY 03 04 Syndicate .... — 11
Crown Point. 12 14 St Louis .... 08 —
E Sierra Nev — 05 Union Con... 46 47
Eureka C0n.. 8 85 860 Utah 04 05
Exchequer .. 40 42 Yellow Jacket 12 14
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
. \u0084•\u25a0/\u25a0• Morning Session.
SOOO Adams, s 6.. 06 2000 Kendall ES
4500 Adams 06 6000 Kendall ..... 60
9500 Blue B«ll ... 08 2COO Kendall, s 10 C 9
3000 Bl Bell, b 60 07 1000 Kendall, b 90 64
2000 Brunswick .. 60 3800 Kendall 69
1000 Bullfrog Com 07 2COO Kendall ..... Cl
JOCO Cash Bay .. 17 WOO Kendall, b 60 62
2500 Cash Boy, «5 17 3000 Laguna 15
4000 Columbia Mt 20 100 MacNamara. . 37
SOOO Do, b 60... 21 6CO MacNamara.. 86
1500 Den Bullfrog 32 CCO Mohawk 29
2000 Den Bullfrog 31 1600 Mohawk 28
2000 Den Bullfrog 30 1000 Mohawk, b 90 29
66C0 Dm B Btte C 39 1000 M Shoshn Ex 13
4000 Dm B Btte C 40 300 Mont T0n... 2 47 V,
2000 Do, b 10... 40 700 North Star... 53
500 Do. b 90. .. 43 1000 North Star. . . 62
3000 Dixie 08 1000 Ohio Ton .... .27
40CO KHlpse 35 500 Red Top 120
2000 Eclipse 361 r>oo Rod T0p,b90.1 25
500 Gold Anchor. S2i 600 San^ntrm. b9O 78
1000 G Anchr. b«0 831 500 Ha tij storm ... T5
ir,oo Gldfld M. slO 65 100 Sandstorm ... 74
ICJO GldJld M, b9O 68 6000 Silver Pick .. 11
2000 Home, b 90. . 23 3000 S Pick, bOO 12
300 Home 22 1000 St Ivee, • 5. 12
70(i0 Home ........ 23 4COO St Ives 12
7000 Home, b 90.. 24 3000 St Ives, b 90. 18
4000 Home, b 90.. 25 100 Ton Blmont.2 22V4
1600 Jumbo Ex .. 18 600 Ton Hme Con 08
2000 Jumbo Ex .. 1911000 West End..l 22U
2000 Do. c 10... 18|
Afternoon Session.
1000 Atlanta '. ll! 200 Kendall 57
<«v^> "ullfrog Com 07 2000 MacNamara. . 37
1000 Cash Boy .. 17 1500 May Queen... 17
2000 Den Bullfrog, 29 2000 M Shoshn Ex. IS
SOOO Dm B Btte C 40 1000 Mont Ton. .2 47^4
572 Dm B Btte C 89 250 Mont T0n.510.2 50
800 Dixie '• • • 00 2200 Mont Ton : . .2 50
600 Forest City.. 29 4700 North • Star. .. 55
500 G Anchor.BlO 81 ICOO Ohio Ton .... 28
500 G Anchor,b9o 85 900 Ohio Ton .... 29
100 Gold Bar ... 37 1000 Orig. Bullfrog. 19
1000 Goldfield Mln «K> 1000 Pennsylvania. 01
4200 Home 24 4300 Sandstorm ... 75
1000 Jim Butler... 73 2000 Sandstorm ... 76
SOO Jumbo M Co. 94 1500 Rescue ...... 10
1000 Kendall .....' CO 1000 St Ives . .... . 12
3000 Kendall ..... 69. 100<> Ton Hme Con 05
1000 Kendall, s 10 Co| SOO Ton Mdway.l 67^4
1100 Kendall . 58; 750 Ton Midway. 165
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Belmont 2172 25 MacNamara.. 36 37
Belmont Ex- — 12 Midway .....1 55 157
Boston Ton..-' C 5 09 Mlzpah Ex . : 13 '20
Brgr'B JB Ex — 10 Mont Ton ;..2 47 250
California ... 05 — Mont Mid Ex. — is
Cash Boy .. 17 18 Monitor ..... 02
Colehan..... — 10 N V Ton Con 19 20
Bula Con ... 17 v «rth Star... 65 66
Gold Anchor. SO 82 Ohio Ton .:.". 29 30
Gold Mt .... OS 09 Red Rock Ex — 15
Gold Mt Con — Oil Rescus .03 10
THE .S AN \u25a0. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER .29, \ 19 05.
Great Westrn 03 C4l Ton Erten .^3 62 575
Ind Tonopah. — 01! Ton ! Hme Con -04 '06
Home.. 23 25! TonSlv & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler... 72 . 73| Ton of Nev.ls 50 15 75
Little Ton ..1 r>o 2 CO! Virginia ..... 10 —
Luck,y Tom.. — 051 West .End ...1 22 125
Goldfleld District.
Adams ...... 06 071 Great Bend... 05 • —
Atlanta. 10 11 Highland — 13
Aurora — 06 Jumbo M.Co. 94 00
Black Ants.. — 04 Jumbo Ex ... 20 21
Blk Btto ExA 01 02 Juno 01 02
Black Rock.. 02 03 Kendall ..... 57 58
Blue Bell ... 02 03 Kendall 'Etc.. 01 02
Blue Bull ... 06 07 Laguna ..... 15 16
Brooklyn .... 01 02 Lone Star ... 06 0T
Btte Goldfleld 10 15 Lucky Star . . — 04
Bull & Bear. 02 03 May "Queen. . . 16 18
Booth M Co. 10 —I Mohawk ..... 27 29
COD 40 ,50! Nevada Boy.. -13 —
Columbia ... —• 15 Nev Goldfleld. 23 24
Columbia Mt 19 21|Nev'Southern. — 11
Conqueror .. 11 12 Oakes :... — 08
Etaisy 21 25 Oakland ..... — 10
Diamond .... — 15 Pennsylvania. — 02
Dm B Btte C 39 40 Potlatch 03 -—
Dmdfl<J Trngl — 10 Ked Lion .... 03 05
Dominion ... — 10! Red Top . . • .1 15 120
Dixie :. 05 06l R*d Top Ex. 03 .04
Empire 04 05! Sandstorm ... 75. 76
Exploitation. — 04 1 Sandstorm Ex 07 09
Fawn 05 —{silver Pick .". 11 12
Florence 2 50 4 CO' Sftnmerone . . - 15 . 20
Frisco ....... — 12! St Ives 12 13-
Gold Dust .. — C 7 Treasure ..... 03 —
Gold Hill ... — 02! Verde ....... — -02
Goldfield Mln 65 C6| Vernal.. 05 0B
Gldfld Hand. 05 M Wonder — 01
Goldfleld Twn — 07
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... — 05 ; Gold Bar ....' 35 36
Amethyst ... 14 15| Gldifld Bullfrg — 05
Big Bullfrog. — 10i I Jge Harris.. 01 02
Bonnie Clare 65 — ! Mont Bullfrog 02 03
Bullfrog Mln 37 40' M Shoshn Ex. 13 —
Bullfrog Am 01 021 Ohio Bullfrog. 15 —
Bullfrog Com 07 — ! Orig Bullfrog. 19 20
Bullfrog EX. 05 \u25a0• 20! Pilot ' ...20 —
Blfrg Bundle 08 10" San Francisco 17 19
Blfg Mayflwr 14 15! Shoshone .... — . 08
Bullfgr NBk 17 IS Shoshn B Old 24 25 l
Blfrg Sunset. 07 OS Steinway 11 12
Den Bullfrog 29 30 Ventura 06 11
Dn Blfg Anx 02 — | Vista Grand*. — C 5
Eclipse 34 36! Wolverine ... 05 10
Other Districts.
Colorado — 14 Lynx Creek.. 84 .—
Free Gold .. — 25 Paymaster ... 01 02
Gold R*ed M — 25 nay & O'Brien 06 07
Golden Terra. 25 — Rocco Hmstk. — 00
Gold Quartz. 40 — Rothwoll — 20
Kawlch &B. — 13 Sliver Peak.. — 17
Kaw'ch Gold. — 02 Southwestern. — 2S
Kawch MCo — 04 Bylvanla 03 10
LJda Hawk.. — - 55 Tokop Con ... 14 • 16
TONX)PAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
oleco and Tonopah Mining Exchange 'yesterday:
9:15 a. m. Session.
200 Con Va M...1 301 1000 Orig Bullfrog. 20
700 Kendall, s 10 07 1 1000 N Star, b 10. 53
11 a. m. Session.
8500 Columbia Mt 2011000 Home .". 24
8000 Dm B Btte C 39 2000 Kend»U . 69
1000 Do, b 10. .. 40 5000 Kendall, blO 00
1000 Gold Anchor. 82 1500 Kendall, a 10 69
1500 Gld Mohawk. 29 400 Mont Ton. ..2 47Vj
1000 Home 22 200 Red Top ....120
2000 Home 23 2000 Nat Bank ... 17
- i 2 p. m. Session.
6500 Blue Bull ... 06[ 100 Slmmeron* .. .20
6000 Columbia Mt 20 100 Slmmerone .. 21
1000 Eclipse 35 SCO Ton Belmont.. 2 20
2000 Kendall 69 100 Ton Ex ...5 62%
2000 Kendall, b 10 tiO 600 Ton Mdway.l 57*4
4500 Kendall -> «0 2500 Ton N Star.. 63
1200 MacNamara.. 36 500 N Star, « 10. 53
1000 Orig Bullfrog 20( 1500 Ton X Star. . 55
1000 Red Top 1 20;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Julia 05 07
Alta 03 — Justice 05 00
Andes '19 20 Kentuck ..... — 01
Belcher 22 2S[ Lady Wash. .. — 04
Best & 8e1 .'.1 30 1 35! Mexican .....1 SO 1 35
Bullion \ 25 271 Occidental ... 92 —
Caledonia ..N 63 64 Ophir 5 87% 600
Challenge ... 19 20 Overman 20 21
Chollar 17 IS Potosl OS 09
Confidence . . S5 90 Savage 51-52
Con Va M...1 25 130 Seg Belcher.. 10 11
Con Imperial — 01 Scorpion ..... 12 13
Con NY — 04 Sierra? Nev. .\u25a0." 29 30
•Crown Point. 12 13 Silver Hi 11... 87 —
Exchequer .. 40 421 St Louis 0(5 09
E Sierra Nev — 04 Union C0n.... 40 47
Gould & Cur. 23 24 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norc.l 00 ICS Yellow Jacket 12 14
Tonopah District.
Belmont — 2 25! MacN-amara. . 36 38
California ... 05 10j Midway 1551 60
Cash Boy .. 15 181 Mlzpah Ex .. 15 —
Colehan — 4>9 1 Mont Ton ...245250
Gqjd Anchor. 81 S3! X V Ton Con — 20
Great Westrn — 04! North Star... 65 —
Home 23 25! Ohio 26 27
Home Con .. — 06j Paymaster ... .' — 02
Ind Tonopah. 01 Rescue 09 10
Jim Butler... 72 74 Ton Ex ...5 87% 675
Little Ton .. — 2 75 Ton of Nev. — 16 00
Lucky Tom.. — 05 West End ...1 20 125
Goldfield District.
Adams 05 08 Kendall . — 60
Blk Btte Bx. — 03% Lone Star ... 07 —
Black Rock.. 02 03 May Queen... 15 > —
Blue Bell ... — 06 Mohawk ..... 28 30
Blue Bull ... C<s 07 Nev Goldfleld. 22 25
Brooklyn 01 02 Oakes ./ — 08
Columbia Mt 19 — Oro .- . — 05
Diamond — 15 Pa Goldfleld.. — 01
Dm B Btte C 89 — Red Lion 03 —
Dixie 05% 08 Red Top ..1 17% 1 25
Frisco — 07 Stives ...... .12 13'
Exploitation. — 04 Sandstorm ... — 76
Gldfld G Dst — 07| Sandstorm Ex — 10
Gld& G Reed — 10 Silver Pick ..11 12
Goldfleia Nev 64 — Slmmerone " ... 19 20
Jumbo M Co. 05 — Vernal 05
Jumbo Ex .. 18 —
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 1 — 10' Llge .Harris. . 01% 02
Beatty Blfrg. — 031 Mont Bullfrog — 05
Bullfrog Anx — 02 Orig Bullfrog. 19 20
Bullfrg Belle — 07 Shoshone — 09
Bullfg N Bk 17 18 Vista Grande. — 05
Eclipse 30 31 Wolverine ... — 10
, Other Districts.
Brown Hope. — 14! Ray & O'Brien 05
Elsperanza .. — 01 1 Rothwoll .... — 10
Free Gold .. — 15i Silver Peak.. — 16
Gold Ml Con — 02 i Ton Berkeley. — 03
Kawlch GoldL — 021 Ton Gold Mt. 05% —
Nev Sunshine 15 — |
- REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 28.
Maurice I. Welsh to Alice M. Poulin, lot on
S line of Geary street, 114:9 W of Parker ave
nue, W 23 by S 100; $10.
John and Kate Glanz to Julius and Belma
Relmt-r. lot on E line of "Webster street 100 N
of Union, N 25 by E 137:6; $ .
Associated Investment Company to Henry
Bornholdt, lot on N line of Post street; 31:3 E-
Of Broderick, E 25 by N 110; $2500
George W. and Ella Kline to Julia C. Lyon,
lot on SE corner of Haight and Clayton streets
E 00 by 70; $10. •
Laura W. Gashwller to J. M. Cuslck, lot on
NW corner of Spruce and Clay streets, W to
First avenue, N to Presidio, E to Spruce,' S- to
beginning, quitclaim deed; $1.
George M. Mitchell to Wallace Bradford, •. lot
on W Una of Spruce street, 52:8' i S of Jackson.
S 25 by W 06:3; $10.
Charles Lagomarslno to Anna Lagomarelno,
lot on Jf line of Elliott Park, • 462 W of Steluer
street. W 22 by N 70; gift. • •
Almira C. Perkins to Peter Tamony, lot on
E line of Howard etreet, COO N of Eighteenth.
N 25 by W 122:6; $10.
Same to John A. Devany, jot on W lin» of
Shotwell 6treet, 250 Is" of Eighteenth, N 25 by
W 122:6; $10.
Emma Umbsen to Louise •B. Henderson, lot
en SE line of Market street and E line of San
chez, S 41:10%, E 65, N 5:4%, W 23:594, NW
C 8:5%. SW 40:1: $10.
William and Freda .Tegcler to Ricke, Robin,
lot on W line of Church street, 65 S of Seven
teenth. S 86 by . W 55 :6; $10.
Lottie Kellner and Regina and Marcus Lafee
to Mlchele Slmonetti, lot on N line of Twenty
second street, 25 E of Tom, E 25 by N 97:6r
$10; \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 - . " - :\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0: •:;'cr \u25a0
Bernhard Luhrmann vs. P. C. 81eba (execu
tor, etc.) (by G. H. Umbeen, rereree) to Leopold
Welnstein, lot on E line of Sanchez street, 32
8 of Twenty-sixth, S 20 by E 80; $850.
Same, to sarno, !ot on ' SE corner of ' Twenty
sixth and Sanchez street*, S 32 by E 80; $1200.
Elizabeth L. O'Connor to Prank II: Johnson, '
lot on XE corner of Pacific and Battery streets
E 30 by N 67:6; $10.
Emelie A. and Charles S. TriplerJr. and
Emelie A. Bertach (TrlpJer) (wife Of William
H.) to, William W. Deamer and H..N/ Stetson,
re-record 1970 D. 8, lot on SE corner of Wash
ington and Mason streets, 1 E 82:6 by S 81:10;
$1000.
William W. and Helen Deamer and Harry N.
Stetson to Jonathan Sweigert, lot on SE corner
of Washington and Mason etreets, E- 82:6 by
S 81:10; $10. . .
City and County of San Francisco to Patrick
Ferry, lot on N line of Valparaiso street, 91:3
E of Taylor. E 23 by.N.6O; $ .
Mlcbaells and Zelda Glaser to Joanna Cogan
lot on W line of Mason. street, 1 92 N : of Pine"
>,' 23 by .W 62:6; . $10. =\u25a0 ;/.-;,\u25a0 ; .
Oscar C.'and Agnes E. . Cappelmann to Wal
ter L. Helse, lot on N line of.O'Farrell street.'
68:9 E of • L»avenworth, E 34:4,£ by N 137:6- '
JO. \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-: '-\u25a0-. \u25a0-..- .; ..,.\u25a0 \u25a0 \u0084-.-:
J J. and Julia Rauerto Louise and Carrie
Haas, lot on SE line of : Natoma Mtreet/'SSO
SW of Sixth,. SW 25 by SE 76; $10..-;:
\u25a0Anna M. Re»an. -i etc.. ; et . al. , to Melieaa A..
Potter, lot on SW corner of Howard and Har
riet streets, SW. 7» by SE 80: $39,000.
Abraham . W. Johnson to Metropolitan Laun
dry Company, lot on W : corner of iHeron and
MariDosa streets, NW 23 by. SW- 50; $10. .
\u25a0 Mone« and MarthaA-VElllstoiFrederlck^L.-
Lipman, lot on S corner ' of : Hooper and Sixth
streets, SW 825,by:SE 240; $10. -
- Sterling P. and \u25a0 Estelle : K. Dent to Real Es
tate and > DevelODment Company, :•; lot on NE
corner of Nineteenth 'and; Connecticut .streets
N 100 by ; E 25: grant. ,<'
George W. and; Amanda '%f.'McNear to Leon-'
Idas J. Scooffy.'lot on SE comer of Fresno and
Mexico streets. S 550, . E 100.*. N, 449 :6^, N W
118:0« i," W 38; also lot: on! SW' corner/of Am
ador and- Maryland' streets, v B ; 150 •.• by 1 200;*
also lot on SW. corner : of l6laia and New >York
streets. S 200' by W;200; $10.
: : William ~ 11.- ;' and " GeorKlna ' Buckler ;to i Wil
liam H. Hoy t,- lot on W. line of Fifth avenue.
275' N of Lake street. W 110, NW 60, E
107:5?i;.S 60;, $10. '.
' Estate. of Frank H. Willis (by Samuel ,WH-
liamson, executor) to Jacob Heyman Company,
lot on E line of Thirty-second - avenue, : 100 S
of Clement street,, S 50 by E 120; $1000. . \u25a0
Lawaon T. Fenn to J. A. Mullln, lot on B
line of Seventh avenue 150 N* of "A . street,
N 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of Forty
fifth avenue, 200 S of J street, S 50 by E 120;
also lot on-. E line \u25a0of Forty-seventh avenue,
250 S of H street, S 50 by B 120; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Miriam Kas
, kell. lot on N. line of A street, 107:6 W of
Third avenue,. W 25 by N 100; ( 10.
John Drlscoll to John M. Peters, lot on W
line of Seventh avenue, 275 'S of A street,
S 25 by W 120; *10.
David B Guerin to Fleury Gommet, lot on
E line of Twenty-fourth ' avenue, 240' N of
Fulton street, N 40 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to \u25a0 Dorothea Andrea,
lot o" B line of Tenth avenue, 250 S of J
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Charles E. and Hettie B. Thurston to Solo
mon Gets, lot on W line of Eighth avenue,
100 N of O street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
West Ehor« Land Company to Edmund and
Ida M. Kehl, lot >on NE line of Eighteenth
avenue. . 150 EE of N street. SE 50 •by NE
100 block 347. Case Tract; $10.
9. Ducas Company, to Dorothea B. Delck
mann, lot on \u25a0 W line of Girard street, - 100 S
of Dwight,' S 250. W 120, S 50 W 120. N 300.
E 240. lots 3 to 7, ;11 to 16. block 10. Paul
Tract; $10. '
Mary C. Clarkson- to ESverard C. and Jessie
E. Nutcher.lot on W line of Brighton street,
100 N of Holloway. N 75 by W 112:6,- lots 49
to 51. block 4, Lakevlew; $10.
Theresa M. Brooks to Alfred D. Bowen, lot
8, block 5, College Homestead; $10.
William Hale to Ocean Shore Railway Com
pany,' lot 8, block 5, College Homestead; $10.
Edward A. and Kate Hanrahan to Theresa
M. Brooks, same; $10.
• Unknown owners (by Jam«s Gllleran, super
intendent of streets) to William Hale, lot 10,
block 93, map of Mission street widening; $17.
Alfred D. '.Bowen'to Ocean Shore Railway
Company lot 8. block 5. College Homestead;
$io.- \u25a0\u25a0-, ' .... ;•• . \u25a0. \u25a0 . \u25a0. : \u25a0 .
Phoebe A. Wlllson to John Trounson, lots 9"
and 10, block 3, San Miguel City; $10. -
Frederick Schorcht to Gervazlo Ratto, lot on \
B corner of , Cortland - av«nue and Mission 1
street, NE 55 by SK 108:6, lots 61 to 65, Cobb
Tract; $10. ,
Morris J. Sldeman to Emanuel Lewis Invest
ment Company, re- record -2143 ,D. 808,- lots 5
to 7. block I, lots 21 to 23. block H. Mission
street Land Company; $10.
Emanuel Lewis Investment Company t' AI- |
fred D. Bowen lots 5 to 7 block I, same; $10. 1
Estate of Patrick Conlan (by Elizabeth Me-
Fadden, administratrix) to Hannah Mahran,
lot on S line of Eighteenth street, 44:9 E of
Danveis, E 26:3 by S 121. block 2, Pioche A:
Robinson subdivision; $40C0.
Bernhard Luhrmann vs. F. C. Slebe, execu
tor, etc. (by G. H. Umbsen, referee) to John
Brandt, lot on NE corner of Falrmount and
Palmer streets. E 92, N 76. W 112:6. S 79, lot
2, block 19, Fairmount; $1500.
Builders' Contracts.
California Casket Company (owners) with
Joshua Hendy Machine Works (contractors),
architect Albert Pissls — Electric wiring,
switches .and other electric works for lights,
; elevators, -motor, dumb waiter and telephones
for building In course of erection on lot ou SE
line of Mission street. 275 NE of Sixth, NE
07:0 by SE ICO; $3800.
' Alnmrda County. .
Holcomb Land Company (a corporation-) to
Helen B. Klmball lot on SE corner of Third
and Castro streets, E 75 by S 100, lota 5 to 8,
block 23. Kellersberger's map, Oakland; $10.
Etta H. and George C. Edwards to Thomas
Richard, lots 6 to 19, block 6. Shaw Tract.
Berkeley; also lota 8 to 11 and W 70 feet of
lots 7 and 12, block 2, earns, Berkeley; $10.
Mary A: and F. J. Horswill (by F. H. Hors
will. his attorney) to Norman Brocklehurst, lot
on N line of Merrimac street 100 E of Tele
graph avenue, E 25 by N 95. Oakland; $10.
Norman and A. J. Brocklehurst to A. L.
Krelse, same, Oakland; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to the Realty Syn
dicate, Tot 23, block G, Thermal Hill, formerly
Howe Tract, Oakland; $10.
James T. Boyd et al. to Mllos Mltrov Gopce
vlc. lot on W line of East Twenty-eighth
street, between Ninth and Eleventh avenues,
320 on Ninth and Eleventh avenues by 660 on
East Twenty-eighth street, excepting a parcel
of land fronting 60 feet on East Twenty-elgnth
street and extending througn middle of said lot
of same width, center line whereof Is equidis
tant from said Ninth and Eleventh avenues,
dedicated as Tenth avenue. East Oakland, and
property out of county; $ .
Mary J. and Thomas L. Wand to M. K. Ja
cobus (Cemme sole), lot on NE corner of Lin
coln avenue and Spruce street, B 44 by N 140,
lot li and W 44 feet of lot 15, block C. Clinton
Mound Tract Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
Henry and Mary Beaver to Gus J. Paehtz
(single), lot on SW corner of Addison and
Eighth streets, W 75 by S 100. block 104, Alls
ton Tract. Berkeley; $10.
C. F. and Emma Moore to Andrew Chrlsten
sen, lot beginning at point 180 from Intersec
tion of S lina of Versailles avenue with NE
line strip of land 60 feet wide, dedicated to
city of Alameda for public use September 20,
18S7, 312 D 2. thence NE 70. SE 150, etc.,
SW 70 NW 144 to beginning, Alameda; $10. ,
• Homer P. Saxe (single) and Sarah Reynolds
Saxe (widow) to William H. Blake (single),
lot on D line of Walnut street. 103:4 N of
Railroad avenue. N 46:8 by E 100, being N
4«:8 feet of '; lots " 1 and 2. block 33, '-. lands
adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Theodore and Ferdlnande Gler to Harry H.
Buhring, lot on NE corner of Sixty-first street
and Humboldt (Telegraph) avenue, N 103.90, E
07.20. S 100. W to beginning of lots 1 and 2.
block K. map 3, Roberts and Wolfskin Tract,
$10. , .
Charles Camden (widower) to Albln \u25a0 Suther
land lot on E line of Magnolia street. 60 8
ot Fourteenth, S 40 by B 100. block 674.
Boardman's map. Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth Lewis (widow) to Nelson' Andrews,
lot on W line of'Lewiston avenue. 600 S of
Woolsey street, S 50 by W 120. lot 59, Colby
Tract, Oakland Township: $10. \u25a0
John Kastle (single) to NellU V. ; Jones (sln-
Ele) lot on NW corner of Francisco and Cali
fornia streets, W 80 by N 135. portion of lot 1,
block 8. Teachers' State University Homestead,
Berkeley; $10. .
Phlla V. and H. A. Adrian to George W.
SklUing and James S. Ellis, lot on NB Corner
of Dwlght way and Roosevelt avenue (Cathar
ine) E 85 by N 134:8, lot 14, and W 33 of
lot 13, block 22. McGee Tract, portion of plat
67. Kellersberger's survey. Berkeley; $10.
W P Fuller & Co. (corporation) 4.0 W. W.
Chllds and Arthur Arlett, lot on E line . of
Grant street. 880 8 of Addison, S 60 by E
130, lot 15, block 2, McGee Tract, etc., Berke
ley $10. *
"Hubert W Linderman (single) to Lemuel
C Magere (married), lot on E line of High
street 100 S of Madison, S 83:4 by E 100. lot
11 block 02, Alameda, and lands adjacent,
Alameda: $10. .' \u25a0 ! . , , ' T .
Richard J. Montgomery (single) to Laura A.
Milton (wife of J. L.) and Marietta A. Milton
(single), lot on S line of forty-flrst etreet, 227:6
E of West, E 37:6 by 8 110, lot 15 and E half
of lot 14. block A, map 2, Paradise Park, Oak
land; $10.
Kate M. Thompson (single) to H. B. Mehr
mann lot on E line of Grove street, 196.96 , N
of Thirty-second, S 49.96, B 100. N 3, E 50. N
32 50 to N boundary Rowland Tract, W 150.C9
to beginning, lot 22 and N.B feet of lot 21,
block 2043, Rowland Tract. 'Oakland; $10. ,
The Realty Syndicate to Minnie I. Threlkel
(married), lot 23 and N 20 feet of lot 24. block
B revised map Claremont-avenue Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft to William A.
Robinson, lots 13 and 14, block N,- Santa Fe
Tract No 4, Oakland: $10.
W. H>. Gerrlsh to Cecilia H. Gerrlsh, undi
vided half of lot on NE corner of Fourth ave
nue and Clifton street, NE 161:8 by SE 221:6,
lot 1, block M. map portion Vernon Park, Oak
land; also including all Interest of Edward Mar
tin at time of his death in land constituting
one-half of . Fourth . avenue, and one-half : of
Clinton street adjoining \u25a0; and in front of lot
above described, containing one acre, Oakland;
5637.W \u25a0--.- \u25a0 •.-\u25a0\u25a0 .' ,•••\u25a0'\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0
O. D. and Clara V. Harford and Cecilia H.
Gerrish to G. N. Blackburn, same •as first de
scription . in preceding. deed, Oakland^ slo.' \t;:
H. P. or H. Peter Palmgren to Axa Palmgren
(wife), all - Interest : In \u25a0 lot on' N line; of Chan-'
ning way. 105 < E of Ninth \u25a0 street. E 50 by N
100, lot 16. block 122, corrected map Raymond
Tract, Berkeley; gift.' : \u25a0-
Same to Axa (or A.) Palmgren (wife). . all
Interest in lot on line of Ninth" street, 421.79
B of Channlng way, 8 60 by B 180, lots 21 and
22, . block 137, . corrected \u25a0 map of ; Avery Tract,
Berkeley: gift. :
: Same to Axa Palmgren (wife), 'all interest
in lot on N line of Charming way, 65 E of
Ninth street. E 60 by N 100, lot 17, - block
122, corrected map of Raymond \u25a0 Tract, Berke
ley; cift.
\u25a0 William F. Lorenz to Alice?. W. . Lorenz
(wife) lot on W line of, Fulton- (Raymond)'
street. 325.53 S of Ashby : avenue. 8 40by>W
125, belnsr S 10 feet of lot 9 and N 30 feet of
lot . 10, block . A. map of part ?of . Woolsey
Tract, \u25a0 Berkeley: Klft. ' .
Mary Earl Payne (widow) to Walter H/Lel
mcrt (single), lot on S line of University ave
nue,: 200:0 B of Shattuck. - said -. point • being
412:6 W of Oxford street., E 75.: S. 138:2%. W.
86 to E line of land reserved \u25a0to railroad com
pany for railroad purposes, being also W . line
of lot" 16, NI3S:6, to beginning, lots 15. 10
and -W; 20 ' feet of lot 14, Terminal Tract,
Berkeley: $16.
Jamep F. Thompson to Delia ' R. - Blakeslee.
lot on SW corner =of St."- Charles \u25a0" street \u25a0%• and
Santa Clara avenue,' ,W 36 by S 120. quitclaim
deed, Alameda; $10. " "
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVBIX '<\u25a0';>
\u25a0 Thursday, ; December 29. :
Etmr ' Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from : Half
moon Bay. • •."\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .;.\u25a0' i' 1 ,;
-\u25a0 ' Stmr : Porno, , Relnertsen. , 12 hours from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hours. -
; • RETURNED." "
\u25a0 . Thursday."- December s 2S-"f ';
- ' Stmr Greenwood, ". Dorwln, \. hence : Dec . 23 for
Mendoclno; on account of rough ; weather, r
ISLAND PORTS. '.^.
HONOLULU— SaiIed- Dec 28-^-Br' cable stmr
Restorer, for ——. "v - - • .•• •
' J \u25a0'.; ;.jr-.. ' " .".. ' \u2666_ '..' . — — . \u25a0
\u0084 CONTRACTOR HIT BY CAR.— Hardle Sloan,'
a '; quarts * mill . contractor \ residing > at ;. 607,, Cc ll—
fornla street, was hit i by; a 'Valencia-street f car '
near tha Junction of Market | and I Mason | streets
yesterday. ' Sloan; * who is an old j man i and ; net
accustomed to cltyjllfe.^ attempted. to dodge one
car and ran into another. i* He .was taken to the.;
Central ' Emergency i Hospital.' .where , Dr.' Frank'
Tillman found that his hip had been fractured.
KOREA QUIETLY
ACCEPTS TREATY
Keport That the Pact Was
Forced Upon the Hermit
Kingdom Proves Untrue
BUT SMALL OPPOSITION
Letter From Burnham White
Stevens, Adviser to Seoul
Government, Gives Facts
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— 1n a private
letter, to a friend in this city, Burnham
White Stevens, diplomatic adviser to the
Korean Government, comments as fol
lows upon j recent reports that the treaty
establishing a Japanese protectorate over
Korea was extorted by force: : .
In Seoul vt<f learn that curiously distorted
accounts of the occurrences of the night of
November 17 have been telegraphed to America
and Europe. One in particular to the Berlin
Lokal . Anzeiger is especially mendacious. It
speaks of the "tragedy in Seoul," of which
reports. have come from "well informed quar
ters," , and asserts that Marquis Ito, together
with Minister Hayashi and General Hasegawa.
accompanied by a large contingent of Japanese
troops, forced the Emperor to sign . the new
treaty, which they had already prepared and
brought with them; that the Korean Ministers
fled from the palace In order not to affix the
seal of state to a document which robbed their
country of Independence; that Japanese/soldiers
were cent after them and that they were forci
bly brought back and ordered to affix their
seals. The account closes with the statement
that "this violent act has led to tumults
among the people."
Posslby other canarda equally silly hay«
gained circulation at home, and, therefore,
knowing your interest In Eastern matters, I
feel sure you would like to know the I facts.
Marquis Ito came from Toklo with an auto
graph letter to the Emperor of Korea from the
Kmperor of Japan. . This letter Inclosed a
hope for a closer union between the two coun
tries. Its tone and purport were well calcu
lated to demonstrate Japan's friendly Inten
tions and soothe Korean susceptibilities. The
choice of an envoy, moreover, was decidedly
\u25a0 fes^ny, as Marquis Ito Is especially persona
grata to the Emperor of .Korea. He came
here on a somewhat similar "mission at the
beginning of the war, and several times since
to my personal knowledge has been urgently
requested by the Emperor to .repeat the visit.
On this occasion he presented the autograph
letter at a formal audience, and several days
later had a prlvate'^idlence of over four hours*
duration. He ; explained the situation and
Japan's wishes fully to the Emperor, and the
latter agreed In princlcle to the propositions
which the Marquis stated would be formally
submitted later on by the "Japanese Minister.
The Emperor stated that the decision regard
ing the details of the new arrangement would
be left to his Cabinet, and gave orders that
the latter should consult with the Japanese
Minister.
Conferences then ensued between the Min
ister and the Cabinet, the last one. by mutual
agreement and In accordance with the Em
peror's order, taking place at the palace. Ul
timately Marquis Ito was asked to attend, and
he came accompanied by General Hasegawa.
The : discussion then proceeded for several
hours; amendments were proposed by the Ko
rean Cabinet and accepted, and finally the
amended form was agreed to by a majority of
six out of eight members of the Cabinet.
Thereupon the treaty was signed and sealed
by the Minister of Foreign Affairs in con
formity with the direct order of the Emperor.
During all these proceedings there was no
show of force and no unseemly exhibition of
any kind whatever.
Of course, there was opposition in Korea to
the treaty: It would be foolish to deny that
fact. But there Is no such thing as popular
opposition In the sense In which we understand
the word in America, \
MIKADO OPENS TIIE DIET.
Announces Restoration of Friendly'
Relations r With Russln.
. TOKIO, Dec. 28.— The Emperor, in
opening the Diet to-day, made a speech
from the throne expressing his appre
ciation of the . loyalty of the nation
and of the -devotion of all the public
Bervices, which, he said, had enabled
the bringing of the war with Russia
to a glorious -conclusion. His Ma
jesty announced- that friendly rela
tions with Russia had been restored
and that the attitude of the treaty
powers toward Japan was becoming in
creasingly, amiable. He alluded with
satisfaction to the Anglo- Japanese al
liance and to the necessity which com
pelled Japan to give her guidance to
Korea.
The House of Representatives, after
adopting a loyal address to the Em
peror, adjourned to January 20.
SNATCHES HANDBAG FROM
WOMAN AND IS ARRESTED
George P. Nelson, an Engineer, Will
Have to Answer to a Charge
';';.-V of Robbery. '
George P. Nelson, an engineer,, was
arrested early yesterday morning by
Policeman J. P. O'Brien and Special Of
ficer Hugh Smith and booked at the
City Prison .on a charge of robbery.
The complaining witness iii the case la
Daisy Evans, who lives In the Essex
Hotel, 140 Mason street, who alleges
that Nelson stole her handbag contain
ing $9 10. ';StBoj£l&ls£B&ii
The officers were'walklng along Ellis
street, between Taylor and Jones, when
they heard the woman's screams. Nel
son ran around -the corner of Taylor
street into Ellis, along Ellis to Jones,
v down Jones to Eddy, along Eddy to
Taylor, down Taylor to Turk, where
he ran into the arms of Hugh Kraus of
716 Filbert street, who - held him till
O'Brien and Smith, who had been in
pursuit, blowing their whistles as, they
ran, appeared. Nelson had the* handbag
in : his possession when arrested. Ho
was identified by the woman.
Nelson, says "; he was in the Mlllbrae
Hotel; 349 O'Farrell: street, with the
woman and they had been drinking to
gether. He said she stole $6 from him
and : when : she would not return the
money he snatched : her handbag. He
says he is a' member of the Stevedores'
and Riggers' .Union. .
ELEVATOR BOY DISAPPEARS .
FROM ST. KATHRYN HOTEI,
Stealsi Coin and Check From Desk' la
Office and Police Are Searching
- for Him.
The police are searching for George
Francis, .alias Orr. an elevator " / boy,: at
the St. Kathryn Hotel, 480 Ellis street,
who is wanted for, stealing $210 ln.coin
and a check for $25 drawn on the "West
ern National, Bank in favor of R. Pres
ley, ' manager of the hotel, and signed
by Lillian Walther.
.Various 7 articles.: had, been* missing
from the rooms of .the guests and Man
ager i Presley began to suspect' Francis."
He decided to lay a trap for him.
Shortly: after 10 o'clock "Wednesday
night Presley. had occasion to leave the
office : for; a few minutes, and during
his absence Francis procured a screw
driver arid forced open, the cash drawer,
takingthe ?210.ahd;the check. He im
mediately 'disappeared from the hotel.
As : soon" as . Presley, returned to the ' of
fice"" he 'saw J what had happened and
telephoned I^to. police J headquarters. De
tectives Bunn er and Freel took charge
of the case. .... >
.Francis was \u25a0. arrested some time ago
T>y : Detective ; Wren on suspicion, but
after j being detained in prison:, for two
or/ three";days - he -was released. -He
came" here from Chicago. , >
SNEAK 1 THIEVES "'AT WORK.— Mrs. , Ethel
FederlelnA' l6l2 : Sutter " Btreet, -. reported ' to ; the
police, yesterday , ; that -some one entered through
her \u25a0-"'\u25a0 basement . ' door. \u25a0'• which " -was ' open, ;. Ron
"Wednesday; and stole $20 worth of clothes. Z.
,V. v t Trine » of ; Pueblo. --^ C 010.,"., reported ; that his
grip, •\u25a0; containing personal effects .valued I at $38,'
had t been ' stolen : from "• the \u25a0 Broadway wharf ; on
. Wednesday .\u25a0-'*: Em 11 : Schmld,*. 865 \u25a0 Folsom , street,'
reported that his \u25a0 room ; was entered on',Wednes
day and a gold watch and chain and puree con
talning :?2:Btolen;; ; ; -.
HAZED CADET
ON THE STAND
J. P. Kimbrough Tells How
He Was Forced to Eemain
on His Head at Annapolis
COURT-MAETIAL - BEGINS
Trenmor Coffin of Nevada
Will Endeavor to Save
Himself From Expulsion
ANNAPOLIS, Md., rfeo. 25.-Court
martlal proceedings against Midshipman
Trenmor Coffin Jr. of Nevada^ a mem
ber of the third class, on the charge of
hazing Midshipman J. . P. Kimbrough of
the fourth class, began at the naval
academy to-day. The charge is supported
by the specification that on December 12
last the accused caused Kimbrough to
stand on his head until he became uncon
scious.
The president of the court is Captain
Corwin P. Rees. Lieutenant Commander
"William K. Harrison ia judge advocate
and TV S. Theall of Washington is coun
sel for the accused.
Midshipman M. W. Hewlett of the third
class was the first witness. The witness
testified that ' he had seen Kimbrough
standing on his head.
Midshipman Kimbrough was the next
witness and it developed that he was
unable to Identify Coffin as the man who
had hazed him. The rule, it appears, is
that no lower classman must look at an
upper classman under Buch circumstances
and this was observed in the "present case.
Kimbrough could not say that Coffin had
hazed him. He told, however, how he
had been hazed by being compelled to
stand on his head until he gave out en
tirely. Then the midshipman who was
doing the hazing threw water over him
and compelled him to go on again.
Lieutenant Commander Charles B. Mc-
Vey Jr. was the last witness during the
morning's session. He is attached to the
department of discipline at the academy.
The court ruled that the evidence of the
confession which CoflHn made to McVey
was admissible, inasmuch as the confes
sion was entirely voluntary. The officer
said that Coffin also asked to be allowed
to resign. '\u25a0• -•'\u25a0'-
Surgeon J. C. Byrnes, the ranking med
ical officer of the academy, stated that,
he was called to see kimbrough on the
night mentioned and found him in a state
of physical collapse. On cross-examina
tion Dr. Byrnes said positively that Klm
brough's unconsciousness was real and
that he might have died had he not re
ceived prompt attention.
The defense offered only midshipmen
as witnesses,, but will continue the pre
sentation of its case to-morrow. The wit
nesses all testified that they did not con
sider Kimbrough's reputation for truth
telling the best, but admitted they had
only heard reflections upon his truthful
ness since the incident which forms the
basis of the trial and they also admitted
that the midshipmen had considerable
feeling against him.
ARMY AND NAVY ORDERS.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 23. — Army or
ders: A leave for three months, when
he is discharged from the hospital at
the Presidio at San Francisco, will be
granted Captain Josiah C. Minus. Phil
ippine Scouts. Major "William H. Cof
fin, artillery corps, fs relieved of duty
with the Fourth Battalion, field artil
lery, at Fort Rider, and will proceed
to San Francisco, and assume com
mand of the Sixth Battalion, field ar
tillery, and proceed with that organi
zation to the Philippines. Transfers
in the artillery corps: First Lieuten
ant "Willis G. Peace, from the Twenty
fourth Field Artillery to the Thir
teenth Battery, field artillery. (Lieuten
ant Peace will remain with the Twen
ty-fourth Battery until the arrival of
the Thirteenth Battery at San Fran
cisco, when he will Join the latter
battery.) Lieutenant Joseph F. Barne»
from the Tenth Battery, field artillery,
to the Fifth Battery, field artillery.
Lieutenant Barnes will proceed to San
Francisco and will report to the com
manding general of the Department
of California for temporary duty pend
ing the arrival of the Sixth Battalion,
field artillery, when he will join that
organization and proceed with It. to the
Philippines.
Death Dae to Natural Cav»es.
SEATTLE, Dec. 28. — A post-mortem
examination of the remains of A. Gray,
who died at < the "Wayside Hospital orl
Tuesday morning under suspicious cir
cumstances, developed that he was not
murdered, as first believed. "When Gray
was taken to the hospital he was suf
fering from a severe beating. The doc
tors who conducted the post-mortem
yesterday.found that death was due to
a rupture of the internal organs, caused
by "disease. "£_.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. „/.,__"_,_
BDBB LIMITED
§&v BsiiJ y^M ~^° CHi 0 *? 0 ' n Three Days,
IB^^pß^ggl with Diners and Sleep«.
Santa Fe Trains
T-<soa.-in. 1 For Stockton, Merced, Fresno,
'and } Hanford. VlsaUa. Bakersfleld
8-00 p. m. J and Intermediate points.
9 : 30 a. m. — California Limited three days to
Chicago every day. Direct con.
nectlon to Grand Canyon.
B-30 «- m.— Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
.. ced. Fresno, Hanford. VUalla
-. and Bakersfleld and Points oa
the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p. m.— For Stockton and Intermediate
points.
8:00 p. m.— Overland Express, for Chicago,
Kansas City. Denver and Grand
Canyon.
. TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street San Francisco
Ferry Depot ar.". ................. San Francisco
1112 Broadway Oakland
27 South First street ................San Jose
\u25a0CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Saaia lit o Ferry.
BUhtUKUA-N St.It VICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday). 7:43. 8:25. 9:10. 9:30. 11:00 a. to..
12:20 1:45. 3:15. 4:35. 5:13. 5:50. 8:30. 7:13.
9:00. 10:13 and 11:33 p. m. -
For Fairfax, week days — 4 :48 a. m.. B:13
p. m. dally, except Sunday: and 3:15 p. na.
Saturdays only." Sundays and holidays— 7:43,
B*lo a. xa. " -'i^rtfcasjaSßJtJsßßsßaßjßss ' ..
.. THROUGH TRAINS. •
7:45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
3 :15 p.' m., Saturdays only, for Point Reyes
and ' way. 1
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market s£ -
FEIRRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt.Taivialpais Railway"
-gpTL. HUI DIT3
Jf&t&f&i Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:45 ? m
r**«^^a Arrive S. F. J0:4o A M 2:55. 6^J pm
Y2§Bisiiiir siturbit osit
Lv.S.F.4:3Sp.MAr.S.F. 11:25 pm
5U531T3 13D LIGIL HOLIDiTS
Lv. S. F. 8:25,9:50.11:00 am 1.45pm
:^T'." Ar. S. F. 1:30. 2:55, 4:23. 6:22 pm
nc«T S 650 Markkt ST..(North ShoreßaUroad)
WHCB ( and Sausauto Ferry. Foot Market Sb
RAILWAY TRAVEL. '
Trains leave and are dv( f,
/0^ vsr\ to arrW* at
(B^M®\ SAN FRANCISCO.
\ Vr^w^r / T*o* Dicxxßxa 28, 1903,
\W^=£&y * rssxr Dxpot
>^Clj^ '(Tootoi Market Street)
mn- MAIN UNE. -Amxrm
7.ooAElmim, Vncavllle, Wftters. Rnm»ey 7.48»>
7.00 a Richmond. Benlcta, Sacramento,
Sutsunand Way Smtlon* 723»
740A Vallejo. Xapa, CalUtoga. SanU
Rosa, Martinez. Saa Uamon B.oB*
7.4oa Xlles, Pleasantoa. LlTermore,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 7-23"»
B.ooASbasta Kxprett— (Via D»tli),
Wllllania, Willows, tFruto, Red
Bluff, Portland. Tacoma, Beattle. 7-43^
8 COAfa'l*. Woodland, Knights Landing. _
MarysTlUe. Orovllle 7^B^
B.2oa Martinez, Anttoch, Byron, Tracy.
. Stoukton, Newman. Los Bano»,
MenJota, Armona, Baaford. < igg,
Vlsalia, Porterrllle < Tl&m,
B^flAPort Costa. Lathrop. Merced. Mo '
de»to. Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalla, -
. Bafcersfield , 4.48P
8.40a "!"l!e3, San Jo»e. LlTermore, Stock*
•^ ton (tMllton). Valley Sprtag,
-lons, Sacramento, PlacenrlUe,
Colfax. MarysTille, Red 81uff ..,, 4.03*
B.4oA Oafcdale, Chinese, Jamestown,
Sonora, Tuolnmne and Anzels... 4-QB*
B.ooa Atlantic Express-Ogden and East. 4.23*
9.4oa ßichmond, Port Costa, M »"!&•*
,nd Way StatloQS (tConcord).... 8.48">
10.20 a Vallejo. Dally. Xapa, Sunday only . 7.A3P
10.20aLos Angeles Passenger— Port
Costa, Martlnea, Byron, Tracy.
' Lathrop, Stockton, Meroed.
Kaymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalia, _
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 3 7-08*
10-20AE1 Paso. Kansas Clsy, St. Louis and t*"»
Chicago - 7.08(»
114J0AThe OTerland Limited— Omaha, -
Chicago. Denver, Kansas City... J.4B*
11.40AKne». San Jo« and Way Stations. 2.48p
ti-OOpSacramentoßlTer Steamers „ tli-uup
3.2oPPort Costa, Jlartlne3.Byron,Traoy,
Modesto, Merced. Fresno iZ-OBp
3.4oPBenlcia. "Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landtag.
MarysTllle and Orovllie 10.48 a
3.4opHayward, Jf lies, and Way StaOons 7.48P
4.OOPVaIIeJo, Martinez. San Ramon.
Napa. CallstOKS, Santa Roaa 9.29 a
4-OOpNlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl. 10-28 A
4.40p Hay ward, Nlles. IrTlngton. Saal 1 8.4 3 a
Jose, LlTermore | til. 43a
B-OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman, Loa
Banos. Mendota, Fresno, Tularo,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles : 843 a
6.Cop Golden State Limited— £l Pato, :
Kansas City, St. Looia asd
Chicago 3,43 a
tS.2opHayward, Nlles and Saa Jose 7.08 a
B.2oP Vallejo. Port Costa, Benlcla, Sul-
snn. Sacramento 11 -2 3 a
60 Cp Eastern Express— Omaha, Chicago,
Denver, Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton, Sacramento,
Reno. Sparks, Montello. Ogdea .. 12.48*
B.2oPHayward. Nlies and Saa Jose 9.48 a
7.QQPF.eno Passenger— Port Costa, Be-
ntcla, Sulsnn, Elmlrs, Dlxon,
Davis, Sacramento. Hazen, Tono- •
pah, Goldfleld and Keeler 7.03 a
74)0PVallejo, Crockett and Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2oPOregon A California Express— Sao-
ramento, Marysvllle. Bedding.
Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 8.48 a
9-COp Hay ward. Nlies and San Jose (Son*
dayonly) 111.48 a
COAST LINE (.Narrow Wan*.).
(FooCof Market Street.)
8.15 Newark, CeutervUle. Ban Jose,
Tel ton. Boulder Creek, 6anta>
Cruz and Way Stations B-SSp
t2.lsP*sTewark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
New Almadcn.LoaGatos. Felton.
Boulder CTeek. Santa Crua and
Principal Way Stations t10.55A
4.lspNewar!c. San Joae, Los Gatos ....] j|§;||*
84SP Hunters TraJn— (Saturday only)
San Joae ami Wat Stations 57.59P
COAST LINE <«ro«il «augej.
ty-(Thtrd and Townsend Streets.) t
6.10 a Saa Jole and WaJ Stations 6-30P
7.00 A San Jose and WaT Stations B.4QP
B. ooa New Almaden (Tues.. Frl-.0n1y).. 4-10f»
B.ooa The Coaster— San Jose, Salinas,
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita, San Luis Oblspo.
Guadalupe, Gavlota. Santa Bar-
bara, San Bneuaventnra, Oxnard.
Burbank. Lo» Angeles 10.30.*
B.ooAGtlroy, Hollister. Pajaro, Castro-
Tille. Del Monte, Pacific GroTe,
Snrf. Lompoc 1Q.30p
9. 00 a San Jose, Tres Plnos. WatsonTllle,
Cap! tola. Santa Cruz. Paclfls
Grove. Salinas. San Luis Oblspo
and PrSttpal Way Stations ...... 4.10p>
10. 30 a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
1 I.3oa ßan Jose and Way Stations 7.40p
2.1 5p Sun Jose and *n ay Stations 8-3& A
3. OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Watson vine, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey '
Pactfle Grove 12.18*
t3-QOP Los Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara, and
Narrow Gang? "C4sa
3-3QPSouth San Francisco. San Joae, --\u25a0 »••-•
GUroy, Holltster. Tres Plnos 10.45 a
4-30pSan Jose and Way Stations t7.SSA
tS 00p Santa Clara, San Jose. Los- Gatos, t9.00A
{S.3oPSanJooeaad Principal Way SUUons J9.40a
5-45pSunset Express— Eed wood, San .
Jose. Gtlroy. Salinas. Paso
. Koblea. San Luis Obispo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlng.
El Paso, New Orleans 9.10 a
545PE1 Paao. Kansas City, St. Louis,
Chicago B.loa
6-45PPaJaro, Watsoavllle. Capitols,
Santa Cruz. CastroTllle, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10.30P
t6-15PSan Mateo, Beresford, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.4B*
8 JOpSan Jose and Way Stations 8.38 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
11.30PSouthSanFranc!sco, Mlllbrae. Bur- ;
Ungame. San Mftteo. Belmont.
' San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45p
11.30pS»turdays only for Mayfleld, Moun-
tain View, Sunnyrsle, Lawrence,
Santa Clara and San Jose t9.4S*>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
< Koot of MarKet SO
Daily except Sunday, 7.10, 9.00, 1 1.00 a.m.;
- 1.30,3.30.5.30 p.m.
Sunday only, 7.30 9.00. 10.30 a. m.; 12.00 n.,
1.30. 3.00, 4.50. 6.00, 7.30 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSundayexcepted- tSund&y only. ftMonday only.
{Dally, and stops at all stations oa Sunday.
CAUFOBNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
' Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of 9larkefc Street.
SAX 'FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:0O a. m.l 12:33. 3:40.
B:1O. 6:30 p. m.»!qaBHR
SUNDAYS— 3:OO. 8:30 a. m.: 12:33. 3:30. B:ML
6:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAX CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:OS. 7:36. 7:00. 9:20 a. m.:
12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 4:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:OB. 8:00. 8:16. 9:40 a. m.: i:*O.
4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:30 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Fran. | Oct. 8. 1903. I San Fran.
Week I Sun-. I Destina- I Sun- I Wee*
Day. I days. | Uon. | daya. | Da.y»-
7:30 a 8:00 a t »•!<> * *"*2*
9:00 a 9:30 a Ignado. jlO'4© a 10:2© »
3:30 p 3:30 p I «:«>l> «:*>«>
B:10p B:10p 7:30 p
8:00a(9:30al Nap*. 1 0 . a | s\&i
6:10 pi 3:10 p| I »'•«> El « :2(> * >
7 . 3 0. I ' / 8:10 a 9:*0»
8:00 a Normto. *2 : S2 al 2 : S£
3-30 p 8:S0a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 »
3:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
I 3:10 p Santa Roam.
\u0084»O a T~ ' 10:40 a 10:23 •
> 8 :00 a Fulton 7 :30 p 6:20 9
3:30 p 3:30 p - ' ._
Windsor - „ .
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg 10:40 a 10:33*
8:30 p 3:30p GeysenrUU 7:30 p 6:200
Clovtrdale
7:Soa|S:ooa| Hopland 110:40 a|l©;.|s a
8:30 pi 3:30 pi and Uklah 1 7:30 pi 820 »
7:30 al 8:00 J I T:3O pi 6:20 »
- ' _.« . ~ 10:40 a;iS:23 »
sllSp li^OP SebastopoL 7:00 p 6:2* ,
5:10 p 3:10 Pi '
— ™. rES connect at Green Brae for San
«F f aSfkk a West ES^-IBS.
vSlTind Greenwood: at Hopland for Dunca.t
Snrin^ i 55* "LakY County Hot Spring*-, at
rßSPfcS^Vlchr Springs Saratoga Springs.
Elut Lakes Laurel Dell Lake Witter Spring.
L'?Mru"e Porno. P°«« r^ aney ,- Joh n Day*.
Lle^y's Hullvllle. Orr-» Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. \u25a0 Hopkins. Mendocino
City Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wll-
rta for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Bragg. Canto. Covero^ LaytonvUle. Cuax-
nUnKsrßeirs Springs Harris, Hubbant Fruit-
Und Dyer. Garberyille, Camp 3. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday and Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced) rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to alt points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
lD JAS. AGLER. B. X. RYAN.
• Gen. Manager. Can. Pass. Agt.
Weekly Ca^.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAB.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• IVall-slrcct stocks tiight*. Cotton advanced.
Money opens at 60 per cent, rises to no and falls back to 5
\u25a0 per cctitm
Silver */.c lower. Exchange sates about the same.
trading still fair on the heal Stock Exchanges.
'. ''H'Jicat and Barley futures rather lower. Other grains unchanged.
Hay dull. Feedstuff s unchanged. Seeds show many changes. .
• . Lima Beans continue to advance. Others as before.
Butter yjc lozver. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet and zvcak.
, . 'Southern Vegetable crop severely damaged by frosts.
Poultry and Game markets in satisfactory condition.
• -Winter Orange auctions to begin January 8.
Sfßtr Come High.
A «»at on the New York Stock Exchange
•o!d yesterday at ?100,000, which beats the
regard.
California F*rult Grower.
Tte CaJirornla Fruit Grower has issued Its
\u2666\u25a0ithteenth annual review and harvest edition,
and as usual its eighty pares are filled with
•valuable facts cojicernlng- the Industries which
tt represents. The following crop statistics for
, 3904-05 are taken from the issue:
Almond yield. SOO tons: b<«n shipment, 49,
aiatons; beet sugar output. 59,147 tons: brandy
production. 4,5i34,00S irallon*; canned fruit and
ver»tab!« pack. 3.&01.516 oases; citrus fruit
*hipmcata. 31.422 cars; cured fruit output
•<jjcur.es not Included) 27.550 tons; freeh fruit
shipments. 73.985 tens: honey yield. 1,040.000
•pounds: hop yield. C 3.000 bales; Pacific Coart
•nlmon pack, 3.323.C54 cases- prune output.
3 35.000, (KO pounds; raisin yie'.d. 80,000,000
pounds; vegetable phlpments. 52,515 tons; wal
tiu.t yield, 7590 tens; wheat crop, 325.000 tons;
.wine production (dry and sweet,, 23,161.198
• caJlor.s.
• Export* of Salmon.
The following shows the exports of Salmon
.irom San Fr*adsco by sea in November, 1905:
To — Oases. Pkgs. Values.
ICew York 114,008 J»3 $398,142
Australasia 1&.842 3"7 77,310
Bawallan Islands ... 1,534 G54 11, 950
Other Paciflc Ulanfls. 1.501 77 4.955
Asiatic ports '2,S- r S 12 7.419
.South America 4,287 13 12.5».'il
.'South Africa 1,821 ... .".I'll
British West Indies.. 501 ..V 2,020
•i>arope 47."> ... I.BSO
l>!,sc«ibere 422 ...v 1,425
• ; Totals 145.G84 115S $534,099
In November. 1004, the exports were 191,518
\u25a0 cases and 1559 packages, valued at $803,124.
Included 12U.222 cases for England and
cases and 100 barrels for New York.
The total shipments for the came month In
l!»03 were ZGi.'Md eases and 240S packages,
valued at. $1,242,170.
EASTEHX MARKETS.
'•" *. »w York Money Market.
" "XEW r YORK. Dec 2S. — Close: Prime mer
.. .cantile paptr, .".'iii^ p«»r cent.
• -Sterling exchange was \u25a0Wf-sk. with actual
• .business In bankers' bill? at *4.8510@4.8520 for
<3emknd and at $4.52€4.«235 for plxty day bills.
Posted rates. IS4 83% ana f 4 86%©4 87.
Commercial bills, $4 82.
'. Mexican dollars. '.V*.
CiSJ'.
Xew York Stock: Market.
•XEW YORK. Dec. 28. — The organized epec
* Mlation In control of the stock market showed
llj* co'.irajre of Jt» convictions to-day by buy
iry: ; storks au<l ruiunc up prices In face of
r*tf"& for call money at 100 per cent and above.
!.:.rn .-.•;. uur.ts were loaned on the Stock Ex
i^iang''' at 110 per <vnt. and funds were placed
QUtwde the exchange at 125 p-?r cent. So long
1.-. .—» i:.< ;.t \ <\u25a0..!.:!\u25a0' be ' had at thews terms *tb«
. ;. ratts were determined not to be prohibitive
t>f .the holding of Ftorkß on margin, and they
s ;w».-re i»ald rather than »>en out stock holding"*.
» They were r<ai<j also on the afsuinwicn that
the hieh rate may hold or even bt exceeded
."on t*ie reiiiair.ine day of the week. The ar
• Eument was heard among speculative opera
•• tors that th!* year the rate of interest was
well worth paying for the day or two until
U»e end of the year on the .prospect that '•
• * prices would likely advance in larger propor
tion than the daily amount of interest reDre-
FPntcd-at this rate. It was asserted with eaLger
s »-mhu»iaf?ni algo that these few remaJnlnn days
.*>f Fttineent money would offer the only op
• tor eecurinß stocks at present level
«>f prices. Such was the spirit that dominated
an extraordinary stock market, which i3-nored
eoßdUons that have been the sienal for a
l-anicky unloading of securities in the paw
uvperience of the Stock Exchange. Tliei-e was
. something of a to unload stocks dur
ir\g the early transactions In the market owing
• to an apprehension that It would be found
W Impossible to borrow money on any terms.
~ l*i»jbably the IlQuidation thus effected caused
• some relief in the money tension. The extra
• ordinary interest rates also had their effect
-.In brtneing offerings into the market from
mazsy unexpected sources, some of them lnftij:
rlfloant in thfmw.oves, including email orivate
<jppos!t accounts, but making up a large aic
eTeeate. Pome batiklnc funds were made
: tevailablc from outside wriurces. The strictly
• local character of the stringency is a Temark
•: «Tble feature of the ei4i=ode. Money on call
et nearby cities --"tlnues to rule at not ov«r
. 6 r>er cent. Wfcile a good demand exists for
money throughout the country. thit« contrast
\u25a0tflth rates oaid on the New Yor- Stock Ex
• change offers an attraction to transmit funds
,#, # to this center. Rumors continued very persist
;, * cn # t of contemplated measures of relief for
... the money market by the Secretary of the
" Treasury, but the arrival of that official at
. <t"fcica«ro confirm*- d the assertion that such
measures of relief would be made dew-ndent
•upon the findlne of evidence of the need out
.: side of the speculative centers. It was broadly
• flitlmated. however, that the Treasury Depart
ment would adopt a tolerant attitude toward
• the re»erve requirement of the basks during
• the existence ' " any crisis In the history of
• the money market, and it was the General
\u25a0 suiooßitlon that the banks were availing.
„• themselves of this imo"'- ' r>»rmlsaion to en
• t-ro-sfii liberally upon their reserves. i"here w.is
an urgent <J«mfend for time loans for the
shorter oeriods ar well as for call loans and
the oommiwlons demanded to eecure slxtv and
Tilnetj- day funds made the rate equivalent to
U per cent. This condition in the time loan
market cpens a serlouß question as to the jus
tification for overweening confidence <« the
speculative circles of an Immediate relaxation
in the money strlnrency after, the first of
M ie year. Th« weekly statement of the Bank
of England disclosed an almost unprecedent
edly weak condition cf that institution for
the period, and the weekly return of the Bank
of France was a poor one. There were conttant
rumor* here of the formation of a bankers'
pooly to provide a fund for the money market
as was cone in the crisis of 1902. It was
Alleged also that the banks had concerted in
•in agreement to keep the rate of standinr
loans at a .fixed figure until next week. These
rumorß were of effect on sentiment, but could
not \u25a0be confirmed. Tfce late relapse in the
money rate of CO per cent was of no elsnlfl
canco, roost demands having been satisfied
before that rate w« touched, but the edccu
lative confidence was maintained and the mar
ket clomd active and strong. Anaconda Min
ing ran a sensational feature and ether cod
per and smelting stocks were conspicuous, but
such stocks &s Union Paciflc and New York
Central kept up the reoutatlon of the stand
erd railroad list In the day's movement.
I^onds j«:re «aey. Total Bales (par value).
j:;.<fTi,OWt.
T;$V4 elates bonds were all -unchxmred on
csil
\nr York Stock Mat.
E. V. Hut ton & Co.. 490 California street,
fan Kranclsco members of the Xcw York
Etock Exchange, furnish the following official
<juotaUcns of that exchange:. ....
Sa'.es.i STOCKS. JHiehiLow.l Bld.l Aek
.'. Adams Ex\>m- .- 1 . j -'240 2SO
.COOJAIUa Chalmers.-! 21*4 2L 21% 22
SCO! Do pfd 60»4 60% 60% 60%
830,00oAmaJg Copper .|lO« 1 4|100% 106 100%
iAm Beet 5ugar..!..... ..... 53% 34
..) Do j>fd ... 85 88* i
(Am Can Co 10 10V*
J lio pfd j co% 70%
. S.lOoiAm Car &py Col 39% l 38% 3314 40
300! Do prd 93%! 99% Ofl 100
<,000!Ain Cotton Oil.. 37%! 34% 37Vi 38
Do pfd 1..... :>3 M
Am I»ist Te1...,; .....(..... 37 j *?.
' ..'.'.\u25a0... Am Rxprej:? ...J 220 2:50
SCO Ara Gr Twine Co 10U 10 J3O 10«
3.700! Am Hide & U. . «% »%' 0% 9%
3,900' Do pfd 41% 37*), 41fc 41%
IOOIAm Lln«eed 20 20 20 21
...1 Do pfd 1.. ...{..... 41% 42>i
9.100 ! Am Locomotive. 70%! fl" «9 T i 70
f*%i 100: Do r»fd 115?i|115% 115 UIO%
'.TV...!Am Malt ..'..:.. 4 1 . 3U
ZS'v.r d» pro \Y.V..\'v»' I 26%
K2,lootAm £m &RTCo!nT7 1101 %||<W% 106%
1,700! Do pfd !i:ks 1127^ 129% I/t0
41.300 Am Sugar 162% 148%1151% 152
I Do pfd I 13!» 140
r-OOlAm Steel Fdrles y^ 13 13U 13%
200] DO pfd 49 49 49 60
AXm Tel & T Co. ..... ..... 138 143
l.TOO|Am Tob Jrfd..... 106 |104% 105» 109
2,Boo'Am Woolen 42 40 42 I 42%
„ i Do pfd 105 108
. 133.0C0; Anaconda 275 239 260 270
° !Ar.n Arbor 32 37
| Do pfd 75 80
'Arcadian ..: 4*i 5
900 Atlan Coast Line 158H 157 158 i» 159
» 17.100|A T& S F 88% 86% 87% 87%
2.5001 \Do pfd 104TJ, 104 104** li>s
l 8,10o;»alt &. Ohio 112% 111 112y 4 112%
i 10C-I Do pfd 97 97 97% 98
r |Bay State Gas l k %
30,bO0;B R T 88% 86% 88^4 88%
- ... i ßrook Un Gas 175 185
Coo;Bruns D & 1 18»i 18 18 1914
1 UJutterlck Co 53 | CO
t 300 Canada Southern €9% «8% 69Vi 72%
t lO.SOO! Canadian Paciflc 178% 171% 178H,|173»i
t 3,4o<v Cent Leather ... 45% 44 45Vi| 40%
J . SOOJ Do pfd 103 Vi 101% 103 jlO4
t 1.400.C & 0 55 53% 54% 55
(O & A , 26 30
> I Do pfd 69 74%
: ,C &E I pfd 130 140
; JC I & L pfd 70 90
i 3.30 CC & G W 21 20% 21 21 %
1.000 Do pfd A 75 73 73 75
Do pfd B 34% 33
Do dehe ! 84% 85
, 700 C & N W |21SH4 1219^1219% 221
1 31.200 C M&St P 18OVi!l76»i 179% 17!)?;
\u25a0 | Do pfd 187' IS!)'
: 6.300. C RI & P (new) 23% 22Ti 23% 23%
* 2,300! Do pfd 62% 61% 02 | <C!U
Do *n 79% 80 i
(Chicago Ter 14 I m
I Do pfd 34% l 36
2.100 Chicago Un Trac 13 11% 12! ii 13
j Do pfd 40' j 42
400 C C C& St L.. 105% 103 104 iIOO
Do pfd H7 120
Cleve Lor & W 75 S.I
•• I Do Pfd 105 110
22,000 Colo Fuel & Iron 56M 52 56 50%
Do pfd \u0084' 00 95
•\u25a0••".[Colum HC & 1 17 17%
6,200 Colorado So 29 2S 29 29 V«
SOOj .Do Ist pfd 69 68 egad COii
2.000! Do 2d pfd Bo>i 47"4 50 I 60> 4
7.000. C0n50l Gas 177%!17« 177 17»
43,400 Corn Products .. 20%, i 17 20»ii 20Ti
2,P00; Do pfd 6351 «% «I I *J»!
COO. DeI & Hudson . 221 1220% !22l 1224
•••\u25a0•\u25a0•I I>o pfd i H5 !470
l,500;D &X G 38^ 37 3S I 38% '
100 Do pfd : 80%' 86% 87% 88
!Des M&Ft D |..... 23 25
500,Detrolt Un Ry ..04 (94 91% l»5 j
'.iDetrolt So 1 10' 11
••«V Diarnorld Mat cn 143%|144
2.600.D1«il Secur .... 53^j 51V* 52% 53<i
Do bonds (,3 I 83' i I
700 Duluth SS & A.. 19%; 19 19VJI 20 j
,'W>i Do pfd 3»H W»J 39% 40%
"•i^iErt* 47%! 4«% 47%! 47% I
<O0 Do 1« pfd 79»4| 79*1 SO ! 60%
700) Do 2d pfd .... 73 I 72« i 72% i 73
•JOO.Federal M&S pfd 105%105 103%;'l0G
;E & TH ! 74 I SO
Do rfd so 1 ho
Ft W & D C 73%j 7)i
Gen Chemical 1 77' | so
! Do pfd 105 ' HOC
.OOiGen Electric .... 176% 174ii117« ,177
frOO.Great No pfd... 256 1252 !254 ,280
Greene Cons C0p). ...'.1 J 30\i| 30ii
Greene Gold ...!...'..) l-3%i 3!4
Havana Tob Co .1... 2S I 32'
....... ,..| Do pfd ; as 47
200 i Do pfd I 93% 03% 02%! P3%
. 200 Illinois Central .'174% 173% 174 1176
Interboro | 224 °35'
•• Inter Merc M ..j 12H is
I Do pfd ......I ! 33 I 34
2,<tOO i lnter Paper .... 23 ! 22»4 22Vi' 23
600 Do pfd 8t %I 84 M%| H4 \u25a0
Jnter Power "....! 54% 56
*In ter Pump 1 26 30
•-••\u25a0•\u25a0' Do pfd' ..... 78H 79%
400 Iowa Central .. 28% 28^ 28% 28%
WO! Do pfd 581? 57% G8 59
...iKanawha. & Mch 51 v 55
XC FtS & M pfd 82% 8.5
B.CfJO Kans City So .. 35% 34 35^ SSU
1,300, Do pfd «7% 67 67U 07%
!K«okuk & DM ..! lft | 17
I,ooo, Knickerbock Ice.j 81 '^f 60% «o%' 61
jLaclede Gas pfd..l !...:. «.', |no
Erlo &W. 39 42%
I Do pfd j 1 95 97™
Lehigh Valley...) ; giu fco
iLcng; Island | • 68% 70
4,4ooiLouis & Nash...UsH4 149% lr.l^llSUJ
I Do pfd 1 73 nQ
.100: Manhattan 103 |IG2 IC2 IKI
S.SOO Met Securities... 75% 1 73% 75% 75%
14.8O0!Met St Ry 125^ 124^1125% 126
3.2oO;M«.xlcan Central.) 23$ 24U 25 25 U
700-Mlnn & St L....1 SO% .79% 80% 81
••••-;^L Do lst pfd....| i 11001103
.CO;M, St P & S S M 1142 [139 |139U|141»i
I Do pfd 1 IGG 168
4.500 Mo, Kan & Tex. 37%[ 35% 37% 37%
1.1001 Do pfd C 9% 69 70 71
7,7ooM;asouri Pacific. 100 09 89% 100
iXash. C&St L. 147 148
6,9oo,'Xational Lpad... 86% 81% K6 8C«
loo] Do pfd has 102U 102% 10-1
INtl R R Mcx pfd 38 35%
4,900! National Biscuit. 64% 62 61% 64 »i
I Do pfd 113% lit'
{New Jersey Cen 220 1225
400, X V Airbrake... 162% 161% IC2 104
22,S00jXew York Cen.. 152y 4 148% 152% 152%
900;. V T. C&St L. 70% C 9 70% 71
I Do lat pfd us 120
-.4.... Do 2d pfd... 88 00
IN T Cent Rights 6% 6V4 «% 0%
IXew York Dock 31 34
XV. NH& H. 193 194' i
600. N Y. Ont *. W. 51%| 51 51U 51%
3.500 Norfolk & W«st. K3U S3 83 83%
! Do pfd "1..... 02 934
l.ftOO.Xorth AroeHcan. 09 98% 98% 91t
I,3oo: Northern Pacific. 202 109 & 202 202%
Omaha igs 192
n^°T P i d ' 188 195
,O S L 4s :...... 95% S5«
400|Pacia c Coast.... 105 102 103 105 •
Do let pfd ! 88,100
k---"L Do M pfd , ..... 100 ICB
•,700 Pacific Mail 48 4«% 48 49
3.400 People's Gas 100% 99 lOoli 1004
•; p-<;p -<;- c * st L. 80% 84'
) Do pfd 106 IV*
3.!*>o\PTet*e*St<*l Cat 54% "m" 54% 54%
J»— pia 90 90 fz
(Pullman Car Co *""; »>42 245
2.100 Ry Steel Sprinjrs 60% C 8 60 60-v.
Do pfd i<vj wn
\u25a0•,*•\u25a0 i iv a »# ™* i"
COO Do lst pfd 92% 92 81% 92
400 Do 2d pfd 96 95 %ku, aft
S.SOOlßepubllc 8 & 1.. 84% 32 R4& 34%
2 - 800 »°^ pf i- • •;•; • • • • 1M iw 105% 100 n
Rubber Goods .40 41
Do pfd : jnj jnj
6,200 Sloes-S 8 & I Co. 90 I 86% 88% 90
j Do pfd j 107 125
StL&SFUtpfd 66 70
300 Do 2d pfd ... 48% 47% 4SU An
200 St L& S W ... 22 22 21% 22
2,200 Do pfd 66>.i 55 5o 60U
22.400 Southern Pac .. 6C% 64% 66' X, fie*'
1.1001 Do pfd UB% 118 lisiig'i
S.OOO Southern Ry ... 35% 24% 35 3514
«X>! Do pfd 100H 100 100 100U
... {Standard Oil ............. 669 C9B
16,300iTenn Coal & I. 133 125 182»i 133
Texas P L T Co 62 I C 4
l.OOOiTexa. Pacific .. 53% 22% 33« 33^
1,500 Third Avenue .. 130 137 139 140
Toledo R& TCo ..... ..... 32 34
....... Toledo St L& W .:.. 30 a««4
' 100 Do pH .. 5T 57 66% 0714
£00 Twin City R T. 116% 116% 116% 117
100 Union Bair & P. 18% 13V*. 13% 13%
10O| Do pfd 81% 81% 81% 82?J
176,400 Union Paciflc .. 148%|145% 148% 148%
20C Do pfd ....... 09 95% 99 100
j Do cony *s ....143 149
18.900!Unlted Copper. .. 65% e2% C 4% 65
Do pfd S8 S9
100 United R of 6 F 88% 83% 89% 90%
Do pfd 80 8!>l£
... Do 4s ... ... ...:: ...;. 87 87%
700 U 8 Cast Iron P 45% 44% 45% , 45%
100! Do pfd 01% 91% 92% 03&
U R Express 12.1 125
....... US Leather ..... 15%
Dorfd 110 m
U S Realty & C... ..... 87 80
200 U S R & R Co. 80% 30% 29% 30%
700 l Do pfd ...... 68% 07% 67% 68£
2,DOOitJ S Rubber ... 62% 49% 51% 62%
. 300! Do Ist Pfd ... 109 108% 109 lio'
700 Do 24 pfd ... 81% 81 - ' 82% S3.
113.500-U S Steel Cor .. 40% 58%t40\4 40%
40.2W^ Do pfd ...... 105% 104% 105% 105%
J9.40C Va-Car Chem Co 86%| 50% 55 r.5%
1,700! Dor pfd ...... 118 117% 117% 118Vfc i <
20CjWabash ... ... 20% 20% 20»i 20% i
. 600 Do pfd j...... 41- 4X)%"40% 41 <
Do deb/Bs .. ..... ..... 76% 77 <
....:.. IWells Fargo Bat. ..... ..... 230 240
iOOlWestern Union.. 02% »2% 02% 92% !
COOjWestlnshouse ..171 170 171, 173 i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ' JRID AY,. DECEMBER 29, 1905.
Do lst pfd 185 190
I.6OOW&LE ... ... 18% 17% 18% 18%
-000 Do Ist pfd .":. 41% 41 41% 41%
800 Do 2d pfd ... 2t1% 25%.26U 28%
£001 Wisconsin Cen.. 20% 28% 28 30
700| Do pfd 60H 59 - '60' 60^
I.4oS.9oO— Total shares sold.
Xevr York Honda.
U S ref 2s reg..102% Japan 6e, 2d ser. 98%
Do coupon 103 VI Do 4%5, cert... 92
Do 3s reg .102*4 Do 2d series... ©2%
Do coupon 102% L & N unified 45.105
Do old 4s reg. 10254 Man con gold 45.103%
Do c0up0n..... 103% Mcx Central 4».. -81%
Do new 4s reg.l3oU Do Ist inc.... 24%
Do coupon 130% Minn & St»L 4s. 97%
Amer Tob 45.... SO M, X &Texas 4s.l00:
Do Cs 114% Do 2ds ....89
Atch gen 4s 102% NR of Mcx con 4s 85
Do adj 4s 93% NYC gen 3%5.V 99
Atlantic C L 45.101 XJ C gen 55....134><
Bait & Ohio 4s..ICV3U Xor Pacific 45... 105%
Do 3%s 06% -Do 3s. ......... 76%
BrooklynßT c 4s 98ty Nor & W con 45.101%
Central of Ga 85.113% O S L refdg 45... 85%
Do Ist lnc 03% Pa cony 3%5....102%
Do 2d lnc .81 Reading gen 4s. ».103»,i
Do 3d lnc 74% SL& I M con 85.116
Ches&Ohio 4%6.108V4 S L & 8 F fg 4b. 87%
Chi & Alton 3%s 73% StLSW con(^4s. 80
C, B & Q new 45.101% Seaboard A L 4s. 89
C, RI & Pac 4s. 80 go Pacific 45....: 91
Do col 5s SSK Do Ist 4s cert. 90%
C.C.C & SLgn 45.102% So Railway ss. ..121
Colo Ind sb, sr A 78 T«x & Pac 15t5..122
Do ss. ser 8... 77% Tol.St L & W 4s. 83%
i Colo Midland 4s. 77 | Union Pacific 4s. 106%
Colo & So '4s... 93% Do cony 45. ....148%
Cuba 5s 105%| US Steel 2d ss. 9rt%
Den & Rio G 4s.lCl»i I Wabash lsts 115^
Dlst Securities 5s 82 U Do deb B 74%
Erie prior lien 4s.lOUi Western Md 45. . 8«%
Do gen 4s »2% \y & L Erie^s.. 92
Hock Val 4%5... 109% Wi a Central 45.. 95
Japan 6s 99% I
i Xew York Mlnlns Stocks.
Adams Con . 25 Little Chief ...'.07%
' Alice 205 Ontario ...2 50
1 Breece 40 Ophtr ............ 858
Bruns Con 56 Phoenix .. ... 02
Cora Tunnel .... 08% Potosi : 06
Con Va Mln Co. 1 20 Savage 48
Horn Silver 1 70 Sierra Nevada.... . 26
Iron Silver 3 Co| Small Hopes ..... 30,
1 Lcadvllle Con ... 05; Standard . . . ; 340
Boitton St&cks and Bond*.
Money — . | Westing Common. S5
: Call loans 7@lsi Mmmg — '
Time loans .506! Adventure ..;.... 5%
Bonds — ,-' AUoucb 39
Atchlson 4s 101 Vt Amal Coppnr 105%
Do adj 45..... J>3 Amer Zinc ....... 14%
Mcx Central 45.. 79 Atlantic 26%
Railroads — Bingharri 34%
Atchison. 88 Calumet & Hecla.7lo
Do pfd 104% Centennial 27%
Boston,* Albany.2s4% Copper Range ... 81"
Boston & Maine.] 7l Daly Went 17 ' i
Fltchburg pfd. ..142% Dom Coal 81
Mcx Central 25UlFranklin 17 .
N Y. N H & H. 194 I Granby i»% !
Union Pacific . ,145% lisle Royale .....23%
' Miscellaneous — I Mass Mining '.... 9% ;
Amer Arge Chem 23 I Michigan ........ 16% ,
Do pfd 92 I Mohawk ..:<J:SVi
Amer Pneu Tube 13%fMont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 151%: North Butte .... 87%
Do pfd 137 I Old Dominion ...33
i Amer Tel & Tel.lSB%|Osceola ICMS
Amer Woolen ... 41%IParrot 33% '
| Do pfd 104%jQuincy 100
Dom Iron & S.. 25V4 Shannon C%
Ed Elect 11ium.. 241 Tamarack ..114
Gen Electric ....175 Trinity 10
Mass Electric ... — United Copper ... 64%
Do pfd UO V S Mining 44%
! Mass Gas 40% U S Oil (EPi
United Fruit ...104% Utah 54U
Un Shoe Mach... 70 Victoria 0 ||
Do pfd 31 Winona 8
U S Steel 40% Wolverine 136
U S Sttel pfd... 105%
I THE COPPER STOCKS.
i BOSTON", D«c. 28.— X0 one seems to be able
to explain the situation and the average trader \u25a0
i is keeping out of the market until he can see I
j his way more clearly. Bear traders tried to
j raid the market, but they found plenty of sup
| port and were obliged to covtr a loss In most
cases. The buying was better than the selling.
i.omlon rioHinj; Slocks.
Cons money... S9 3-10 iN V Central 154
Do for acct.. 89% Xor & Western.. «6Vi
Anaconda 12 Do pfd 95
Atchlson ........ *-9%jOnt & Western.. 52%
Do pfd 107 Pennsylvania 72%-
Bait & Ohio 115 Vi Rand Mines \u0084... 6%
Can Pacific 177% Reading 68%
Ches & Ohio 5B Do Ist pfd..... 47%
Chi Great West. 21% D o 2d pfd 4!)
Chi, Mil &St P.IS4 So Railway . 30
De Beers 17% Do pfd ........103
Den & Rio G... 35% So Pacific ... 06%
Do pfd 92% Union Paciflc 100%
Erie 4SV4 Do pfd 101%
Do Ist pfd 82 U S Steel 40%
Do 2d pfd 74% Do pfd . . .' 108 V*
HI Central 179% Wabash 21%
Louis & Na5h.. .155% Do pfd :. 42
M. X & Texas... 37% Spanish 4s ...... 01 Vi
Bar ellver — Steady; 30d «per ounce.
Money — 3%@4 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 4 per cent and for three months'
bills 4 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHIXGTON. Dec. i». — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund shows: Available cash balance, J138.232,
715; gold coin and bullion, $55,4GU,534: gold cer-y
Uneaten, ?51,585,200. - v
A'cw York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— Cotton was weak
again this morning. Oncemore the bull lead
ers put in support, and; aided by scattered
short covering, checked the selling and brought
about a rally in the afternoon.
The close was firm In tone. Again there was
only a limited demand for spot cotton in the
Southern markets. Rallies can be brought
brought about from time to time and liquida
tion may be postponed. .There has been large
liquidation of long cotton In January and Feb
ruary on contracts hero this morning.
Late cables report that heavy liquidation oc
curred In January and February deliveries at
Liverpool all day, but there was an Increased
trade demand from both Manchester and Lan
caster at the decline, and mis rallied the. mar
ket there at the close.
To-moirow is noiite day tn January and there
may be some more liquidation of this month.
Futures opened steady. December, 11.24 c;
January, 11.22 c; February, 11.30 c; March,
11.54 c; May. 11.70e; July, 11.7« c; August.
11.61 c; September, 10.90 c; October, 10.75 c.
Futures closed steady. December, 11.42 c;
January, 11.43 c; February, 11.68 c; March,
11.74 c; April, 11.81 c; May 11.89 c; June, 11.D2c;
July, ll.ttOc; August, 11.7ic; October, 11.80 c.
Spot closed quiet, 5 points lower. Middling
uplands, 11.90 c; middling gulf, 12.15 c. Sal^s,
150 bales. * «
A'evr York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec, 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12.700; exports. 7300. About steady, with light
demand. <-
WHEAT— Receipts, 130,000; exports, 44,000.
Spot barely ueady; No. 2 red, 91 ',4c elevator;
No. 2 red, 93%0 f. 6. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 940 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal . f. o. b. ' afloat. Throughout the
session wheat prices were below the previous
night and except for occasional rallies due to
bull support and repdrts of rain In Argentina,'
the- market acted generally weak. On. a rally
Just at the close final prices were only %c net
lower. May closed 91& c; July, SSVic, and De
cember closed 04 8-lßc.
HOPS—Qulet. \u25a0
HIDES—Flrm.' -„ i
WOOI^-Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady. . . Jv -: \u0084\
COFFEE— ~The local business amounted- to
16,250 bags, with later business at generally 5
points under yesterday's dose, while the Quot
ed range based on the bid prices was. - un-.
changed to 6 points net , lower. - During the
forenoon the market ruled steady on some good
buying, chiefly local, with Europe the principal
sellers. The Havre market was at about net
unchanged prices, with total sales 10,000 bags.
Futures cloeed steady at a net decline, of 5©
10 point*. Sales were about C4.C00 bag», in
cluding: January, 6.30 c; February, 0.50 c;
March, 6.CS@4J.COc;. April, G.flCc; May, 6.75 c;
July, 6-Ssc; September, 6.90@7e; October, 7©
7.05 c. Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 'B 1-lGc;
mild, steady./
SUGAR — Raw, steady; • fair \u25a0 refining, r, B%c;
centrifugal, 96 t«t, S%c; molaeses sugar. 2%c:
refined,- eteady,.
BUTTER— Steady. ; >
CHEESE^ — Unchanged.
EGGS Easier. .Western finest selected, 23®
*.-, DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
no fresh features. December. contracts
said to have been . provided - for the most part
and spot quotations are firmly held.'v Common, ,
7@Sc; nearly, prime, 9@loc; prime, 9%@9%c;
choice. 10% c; fancy,'ll®l2c. - '\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:- .-.
- PRUNES— Are . less * active than Just before
the holidays; but : quotations ' are unchanged,
ranging from 4%c to Bc. l U* Lj ltijtoM tfrltU'-mSiUttoi
APRICOTS— Are »-eported In : light •- demand,
but there is no selling : pressure and , prices
consequently : sr* . maintained. Choice,. 9%@
10c: extra choice, 10%@10%c; : fancy,. ll@l2e.
PEACHES — Also are • unchanged, with extra
cholco at 10% c; fancy, 10%@llc;- extra fancy,
11%@13e. . .. - w v, ..:.-\u25a0 . '.'..
RAISINS — Continue somewhat ' unsettled ' ow
ing, to reports of .differences in awodattonr
Loose Muscatels are quoted at 3%57%c; seeded
raisins, SHQOc;- London layers. ,$1 60.\->
-New; York Metal Market.'
NETVV> YORK, Dec. 28.— There was further
decline: in London tin market, with' spot l clos
ing at £161 5« and* futuivs at ;£ICO- 15b. Lo
cally \u25a0 tha market was ; called < easy, with soot
quoted at ?35 60^36 60. «" : . . - j ; r -• , 3 V^./
The i London . copper / market • was ; al»o • easier .
In tone with ' spot, *- 2s 6d lower • at < £79 '. He, %
while future* were. unchanged at -£78' 17» 6d.
Locally ; the' situation' was 'unchanged.' ; There
are still rumors of . fancy, 1 prices . being ' paid for
umall lots f<?r immediate delivery. -Generally
spcnking, no "supplies, of consequence are, avail
able.this side, of the spring months and quota'
tions are more or less nominal. Lake and elec-'
trolytlc are quoted at $18 50@19, and" casting
at $18 12*4@18 6214. - .' ,
Lead was higher at £17 los In Ixmdon, but
remained unchanged locally at $5 80@5 95.
Spelter was unchanged, $6 55g0 65 in '.the
local market, but was higher abroad at £28
17s 6d. \u25a0- . : \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 . ' .'«- -\u0084; \u25a0\u0084\u25a0\u25a0-,•\u25a0 •.:> '
Iron was 233 d lower In"the English market,
with • standard foundry quoted at 52s ' lOd and
Cleveland warrants at :s4s. The local, situation
was unchanged. - -
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRA*>E.
'.• Firture Grnln "and ' Provisions. ' . |
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— Sentiment In the wheat
pit was bearish for • the entire ' day. '', Many of
the big holders were discouraged by-thd days
statistics and cold heavily- during the fearller
part of the day. This selling was later aug
mented by the free offerings from commission
houses and local traders. >, A number of bulls
gave active I support to the" market late In the
day and materially checked the decline. "\u25a0- At the
opening the market was depressed by reports of
a decline at Liverpool and by the large Increas •
in Btock at Minneapolis. Later there . came
messages from the Southwest reporting the crop
outlook as excellent. A trade rpaper 'in- Cincin
nati declared that conditions surrounding, win
ter wheat have rarely If. ever been equaled at
this season of the year. -Primary receipts con
tinued large. ". The May option opened >4©%c
to %<imc lower at 88%@86%c to 66% c and sold
off to 80% c. A more lively demand ensued late
in the day, active bidding being made by short*.
This, with the demands fronv- the bull eltle..
caused a rally In May to 87% c, where it closed
14 c off. -
A bulge of 2»4c per bushel in the price of old
December corn followed moderate covering -by
shorts in that delivery. The volume of trading,
however, was not large. "Weakness of wheat,
had some effect on the May option, that-deliv
ery easing off a trifle in the .late^ day. May
closed at 44» / &@44V*c, a loss of %@Wc
The feature .of trading in oats was an ad
vanca of nearly lc a bushel in the price of the
December delivery, due chiefly to covering by
local shorts. . May closed unchanged. at 31%4t>
3—o. ' .-\u25a0 *.- . .\u25a0- - \u25a0 .
Provisions were, easier because of a decline of
10c to 15c in the price, of live hogs. •' Selling
came chiefly from local packers. At the close
May pork was off 'sc. and lard and ribs went
each down iifoc.
•The leading lutures ranged as follows: -
'Articles. ' Open. . High. Low. Close.
> Wheat, No. 2—2 — -
December 82%' S2?i £2>,i 82* i
May ..........; 86%- -87^ SK'fc- S7
July , 83V4 83% . ' o-J S3»»
Corn. No. - —
December 01d... 47 50 47 4f»>i
December new.. 45 %' -. ' 45 T4 44Va 45%
May '. 44Vb 44Mi 44 , 4*U
July 41»4 44% 44% 44 &
r Oats. No. 2—2 — .
December 3<>% 31 Vi ."50% 31 Vi
May :k» . - tvi* ai% as
July wy. \u25a0 iw% so>i \u25a0 sovi
Mess pork, per bbl — .- - . ...
January l.'l 50 13 50 13 40 13 40
May i:t tiLH.;, 13 70 13 e2>-j 13 07Va
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January J 2S 7 27 Vi 7 20 7 20
May 7 37« i " 40 7 37% 7 37%
July 745 750 . 745 . 7 47V*
Short ribs, ocr ICO lbs —
January 7.10 7 15 7 07% 7 10
May 7 27% 735 7 27% 7 32%
July 7 45 7 45 7 42% 7 42%
Canh Grain ' nnd ' Provlnlona.
CHICAGO. Doc. 28. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
W%@Sse: Xo. 3. SOOS4c; Xo. 2 red, BG%@
S~isc; No. 2 corn, 47»«c; Xo. 2 yellow, 47 % c;
No. 2 oats, 31«4c; Xo. 2 white,- \u25a0 S2 %c; No/ 3
white. ;«)' / i®3o%c; Xo. 2 rye. 64Q>«0c; g?od
feeding barley 37%©»7%0; fair to choice malt
ing:, 41Q45c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 08; No. 1 North
western. ?ltl3; prime timothy seed. $3 37%:
mess pork, per bbl, $12 75#12 57%: lard, per
100 lbs. $7 20@7 22%; short ribs sides (loose),
$7©7 12%; short clear sides (boxed), $7 30@
7 35; "whisky; basis of" high 'wines, ?1 30;
clover, contract Krade, $13.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls !H,700 \u25a0 18,100
Wheat, bu 30,000 1 S.OOO
Oorn, bu 524,200 1 10.100
Oats, bu 405.400 191,000
Rye, bu 3,000 '
Barley, bu Ul.BOO .".3,700
Hatter, Cbeene and Ekk*.
CHICAGO. Dec. 28. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butfer market was steady;
creameries, 17(i}24%c; dairy, 17ig-22c. Eggs,
easier: at mark, cases included, 18@23c; firsts,
22c; prime firsts. 25c; extras, 27c. Cheese
steady, 11%@13c.
EASTKItN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Cblenco.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— CATTLE — Receipt*.
15.CJQ:' market weak to 10c lower. Beeves.. $:t 40
47(1; cow?" and heifers, $1 r>o®4 73; stockers and
feeders. *2 40®4 15; Texans, $3 10®+ 25.
HOGS— Receiots, 38,000; to-morrow, 23,000;
market 10215 c lower. Mixed and butchers'.
$4 90«g L 3 15; good heavy, $4 50®5 15: rough
heavy. »4 85© 4 00; llsht,, $4 85©5 07%; pigs,
$4 60©5 10; bulk of sales, S4 95®5 10. . -
SHEEP — Receipts, 22,000; market weak to 10c
lower. Sheep,' f'£ 90<t?0 65; ; lambs, $4 75@7 65.
Kauiuis City. \u25a0' ' ; >. '•"l
KANSAS CITY, -Dec. 28.—CATTLE—Re
ceijjts, 4000; steady to weak. Native stners,
$:; 75<5ti; native cows and heifers, .$204 80;
stockers and feeders. §2 75«14 80; bulls,. $2 25^
3 75; calves, $35/6 75* Western steers,. J3 2. r )@
4 75; \u25a0Western cows, 52 25®2 60.
/HOGS — Receipts, 10,0(50; s©loc lower. Bulk
of sales, $455®5; heavy, $4 00 & 5 05: packers',
$i OiK/.'.: pigs and lights. !S1 \u25a0«iji4 Do.
SHEEP— Receipts, 40*K): firm. Muttons,
J4 50<&5 »0: lambp, . $5 75@7 50: range . weth
ers, $5 25Q6 40; fed ewes. $4^70®5 30.
- Oinnlui.
OMAHA. Xebr. , * Dec. 28. — CATTT.E—Re
celpts, tiSOO: steady. 'Native eteers, $3 50©5 50;
cows and heifers, $2 25#4 25; Western steers,
$3K4 33; Texas -steers, $2 65@3 75; cows and*
heifers. $2@3 23; cannere'; $150@2 40; stock
ers and feeders, $2 25®4 10; calves, ?3©«;
bulls and staus. $1 75©3 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 11,000; 10c lower. Heavy.
$4 0005;: mixed. $4 87%@4 82%; light, $4 Ss<&>
4 92%; Pigs. $4 25@4> 05; bulk of (tales, $1 87V>@
4 92%- .
SHEEP — Receipts. 500 C; eteady. Yearlings,
$6@t> 25; wethsrs, "" 50@5 75; ewes, 54 75@5 40;
lambs, $7@7 75. \u25a0______ j '- ! '
BIISCEL.L.AXEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
, LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. V Ma y ,
Opening ...V. 6 10% C COVi
Closing V' PARIS.' "" 610 4
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 23 40 2-* 15
Closing .^ ....23 35 24 10
Flour—
Opening 81 05 8165
Closing . . ... .......... 30 05 31 65
St. , Louis Wool Market.
ST.' LOUIS. Dec. 28.?— WOOL —Quiet ." Terri
tory nnd Western mediums, 26@30c; 'fine me
dium, 22#2Cc; fine. 19Q21C
Xorthern "VVlieat Market.
• . OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. £S.— Wheat for export-
Club, 70@71c; bluestem, 7isig>73c; red, <J7@6Bc;
valley,. 73c. WASHINGTON>
TACOMA, Dec. 28.— Wheat unchanged. Ex
port— Bluestem, 73£jjelub^Jlc! red, 6SO.
Xorthern Business.
PORTLAND, Dec. 28. — Clearings,* $711,736;
balances, $117,787.
TACOMA, Dec. 28.— Clearings, $706,875; bal
ances, $33,799. \ \u25a0<\u25a0/-.
SEATTLE. Dec. 28.— Clearings, $1,028,236;
balances. $238,061. „ - ~ -
SPOKANE, D«c. 28.— ClearlngB.) $557,979; i
balances. $62,255. .*.* ". . '\u25a0 -\u25a0
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exclinnse nnd Bullion.
Sliver declined VtC.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — ©4 83
Sterling Exchange.' eight ....... — @4 86
Sterling Exchange, . cables — @4 87
New. York Exchange, sight.....; — @ 03"
New York Exchange, telegraphic ,— @ 07%
Sliver, per ounce. C4ft@ — •
Mexican Dollars — qi 51
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ...... .*..... ....;... 216%
New Yorkon Mexico.. 1 .'........;.... ....100 -
Paris on L0nd0n. .. . . •'• •••••• .25.07%
Berlin on; London- ............... ...... . 20.40 &
Wheat and* J OUi«r- Grains.
: WHEAT— The -. markets everywhere continue
devoid . of' especial \ feature. In .this market
yesterday . futures | were slightly; lower . in sym
pathy with Chicago and ; sales of cash grain
were only moderate. •; - •
;. ; . . CASH . WHEAT. . '
- California Club, $1 42%; ;" California White
Australian; $1 47%@1 52%: lower ; grades of
California Wheat, '$1 12%<0>1 30; Northern
Club, r spot, $1 40: Northern Bluestem. Jl 42% ;
Northern - Red.": $1 . 85. . -
FUTURES. , . •'; \ -
Session 9to 11:30 a. m._ V "
" Open." ' High.' Low.' Close. .
May V.......5l 40<i- $I.4ot.i Vsl 39% $1 39% j
.-\u25a0\u25a0 :''... . > 2p.\u25a0 m. Sesston. , *
- ' Open. High." . Low. ; Clnse.
May: ...•....51 39% :$1 09% $1 39% ;$1 20%
' \u25a0 ; ; BARLEY— Futures y were - .weaker and '; dull
and the : spot • market was .'lnactive "but steady
at previous prices. : fc Keoelpts ; continued Hgßt.
' ~ CASH; BARLEY. ;
*'- Feed. • $1 , 15©1 " 17 % for : common ; and ' $1 " 18%
©1 22% ' for goo 4 to choice:- Brewing; $1 22%t*;
1 25; Chevalier,- $1' 20@l 35» per ctl." • >
:\u25a0••;. \u25a0.*-\u25a0\u25a0- .futures.^; \u25a0"-\u25a0;\u25a0•\u25a0
Session 9!to'll:30 a.". m/ "-<•;\u25a0*
:Open.- High. '~-' Low. i'~-Clo?e.'
May;^... : ...5l 21% ;$1 22. .$1 21% ", ?1 21%
/ 2 p. m./' Session; '
May— No «ale«; . $1 21ft bid. . -\u25a0 I
1 OATS— Local r conditions .- remain .unchanged,
• the : market being quiet and sufficiently sup
' r"^; : y°T'^" T;^T3tyiTOff | I'H.ilHWil.i" . J "
Red, •$1 50® 1 G2 % • for choice seed, , $1 30®
• 1 40 for fair to good and $1 25 for common:
•" Black. $160@1. 75 for good to choice for -seed
; and down to $1 23' for ordinary 'feed: White."
$137%®! 50;- Orays," nominal,'- .,"
CORN— California yellow has a wider range,
as some damp lots, otherwise good,' are offering
1 down to $1 25> The other descriptions remain
I unchanged.- .\u25a0• : - -
Western sacked. 51 42% for, Yellow, $1 37%
fcr.UTiite and SI 40 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 25@1 42%; small round do, $1 55;
White. $1 37^- Egyptian 51 40@l 42% for
Whito and 51 25@1 30 for Brown. " , .
RYE— SI 42%@1 52 U per ctl.
. BUCKWHEAT— SI 5C@l 75 per ctl.
Tloiir nnd Farinneeou.i Goods.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $1 80@
5 10, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $4 70t£3;
: Oregon and Washington, 53 7504 25 per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS — Prlcea In packages
are as follows : Graham Flour. 53 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. 53 75; Rye Meal, 53 50; Rice
i Flour. $S; Corn Meal. 52 75; extra Cream do.
5S 75; Oat Meal. 54 50@4 75; Oat Groats. $4 75:
Hominy. $3 75@4 ; Buckwheat Flour, 54 50@
4 75; Cracked -Wh«at, $3 76; ' Farina. 5* P0;
Whole Wheat Flour. |3 50;, Rolled Oats, bbls,
$7©B: in. socks, 56 50©7 50; Pearl Barlty. |6;
Split Peas, boxe3. 55 50: Green Peas. 55 &r& r jer
100 lba. .
liny and Feedstuff a.
All quotations remain unchanged. Supplies
of all descriptions are sufficient. Hay ia dull,
with buyera scarce and Indifferent.
'."\u25a0.BRAN— SiII 50®20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2««33O per ton.
• SHORTS— SI 9 50ff20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26@27: Oil
cake Meal in 5-ton lots. 537: jobbing. *37 50 per
ton : Cocoanut Cake or Meal at mills, $22 In, 10
and $22,50 in 5 ton lots; Jobbing. $23: Corn
Meal, $2» 50030 50; Cracked Corn, $SG@yi;
Mixed Feed^ *i24(si'a: Horse Beans. 5305J40 per
ton; Broom ; Corn Feed, Ooc per ctl: Calfalfa
Meal, carload lots, $22; Jobbing, $23 50 per ton;
Mealfalfa. $19 In car lots and 821 for smaller
quantities. •. \u25a0 •
HAY— Wheat, $11 50016 00; Wheat and Oat,
511(815 50; Oat J9@l3 50; Barley, 5S@H:x Vol
unteer Will Oat, *7@11; stable. ?0 50SS 50;
stock, $7@7 50; Alfalfa, $7 50^10 50 per ton
lor ordinary and $11 sC<®l2 for choice river. •
STRAW— 2O©3Sc per bale.
r.cans iinil Srcil*.
Limas continue to advance, . with dealers
predicting -still higher, prlcts. The growers
down south are very firm and ara holding the
gcods higher than they are' being held here. •
Seeds show numerous changts, as will be \u25a0
seen. ' v
-••.BEANS— Bayos, $S 50; Pea, S.l 70®4; Butter.
$3 50 : small White, $3 10(83 25; large White,
$2 4002 65: Pink. $1 90©2 10; Red. $3 2:l®
3 50; Lima, here, $4 734 M 85; Red Kidneys,
M 40@3 SO; Blackeye. $4 25@4 60 fer ctl:
Horse Bears, $1 -75@1 85.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $15004 75: Yellow
Mustard, $3 5063 75; Flaxseed, $2 60®3: Ca
nary. G@tit;a; -Alfalfa. J2c; Rape. 2%@3c;
Timothy, sc; Hemn, 4%c per lb; MHl«t, 3@
3 lie; Broom Corn Seed. J2o@'-l i>er ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 W. Green Peas, $2®
2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes Onions and Vegetables.
. The situation in Potatoes remains exactly
as for several days, there being very .little de
mand for anyth'ng but strictly first-class Sa
linas Burbank* ..Oregon Burbanks and river
goods continue -to drag at wtak prices.' The
\u25a0 Onion market Is weak, with supplies liberal.
Tlie : recent heavy frosts In the southern
growing districts have caused great damage
to the crops of' vegetables and receipts In this
market from that region are light In xonse-.
quence. Fresh arrivals of Peas and >B«ans
readily commanded higher prices yesterday
and the other kinds ruled steady at unchanged
quotations.
POTATOES — River Whites, 50@85c per sack;
Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 40 p«r ctl: Oregon
Burbanks, 75c@$l 10 per ctl- Sweet Potatoes,
75c®$l 25 per ctl for sacks and $1 35®l 40 for
crates. . \u25a0
ONIOXS— YeIIow. $16135 per ct\.-<l'^
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, S«10c per lb;
String Beans, 10@12%c per lb: Wax Beans. 10
©12%0 per lb: Lima Beans, B®loc per lb; To
matoes, 75c<fr$l 2,"> per box or crate; Summer
Squash,, 5161 50 per box; Cucumbers, $1 50®
2 per box: Cabbage, Jl&l 25 per - ctl;
Carrots, 65@75c per sack: Garlic, . 5S6c per
lb; Egg Plant, 12% c per lb; do. Coachella.
$2@2 25 per crate; Green Peppers. 4Cj3c per- lb
for Chile and 12%@15c for Bell; . Marrowfat
Squash, *'Ju.'u;iO per ton; Hubbard Squash, $25@
'. Poultry nnd Game.
The Poultry market held a firm posiitloij
under - continued active buying and deslrab'.e
offerings of all descriptions cleaned up promptly
at well-maintained prices. Dressed Turkeys
were in' good request and firm. In the early
trade fancy Hens sold up to 20c per pound,
but -25c was about the top for general offer
ings.- Th* day's receipts were about lOOcases.
Game was steady, with the demand and sup-;
ply about balancing. " ' . "
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 21@23c per lb;
Dressed Turkeys, 23®2tic per lb; Geese, per
pair. $262 50; Goslings,. $2 SQS3; Ducks. $3<gti
per dozen for old and $6®S for young; Hens, $5
'4J3 50 for small and $C 50@7 for large; younj
Roosters, $«<g7; old Roosters. $3©ti; Fryers,
%r, 50<gti; Broilers, $3 50@4 50; Pigeons. $1 23;
Squabs. $2©2 25. .
GAME — Per dozen — Mallard Ducks, $3@5;
Canvasback, $3@s;' Sprig, . $3@4 SO; Gray
Ducks. $2^3; Teal. $1 50Q2: Red Heads, $1 30
©3; Wldgton, $1 sC@l 75; small Ducks. '$1 25-
Black Jacks, $1 50@2; Gray Geese. $3: White
Geese $1(S1 50; Brant. $2 for large and $1 25
for small; Honkers, $3©3; Hare. $1 5C@2; Cot
tontail Rabbits, $2 50: Brush Rabbits. $1 50. j
Butter, Cheene and Kkws.
Butter shaded' off %c on the exchange, but
was steady at the decline. There were sev
eral sales at the former price of :»!i»gin<l sev
eral at 32c,. as will be seen. The average price
was > made the quotation. . ,-\u25a0'
There was no change in Eggs or " Cheese.
Both continued 1 scarce and. Eggs were
especially firm, tne market still being practl
•* cally bare of fancy ranch. . ~^
Transactions on the exchange were:
Butter — 10 cases California fresh extras, 33c;
10 half do. 32%e; 10 half do, .'l2c; for Eastern
cold storage -extras, 23c asked.
Eggs— For California f.-csh selected ~ ranch,
37c Md; 23 cases do, seller 20, sold at 30c.
. Receipts were. 24, 000 lbs : Butter, 34.C00 lbs
Cheese and 4!)8 cases Eggs.
DAIRY EXCHAXGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
TIOXS.
(Note — The Exchange quotations represent
wholesale prlcea as established by sales, bids
and offers on the Exchange. Prlcea for Butter 1
and Eggs on the street .are governed by the
Exchange quotations, but generally range
about l@l%c. higher, owing to : the miscella
neous-character of the business.)
BUTTER — Fresh— California extras. 32% c
steady; firsts, 2Sc, steady; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 seconds, 23% c,
steady;/ Eastern extras, 25% c; firsts, - 24c
Eastern Ladles— Extras. 20c; firsts. 19c. Stor
age goods — California extras. 25c. steady;
firsts. 23% c;. Eastern extras, 24c, firm;
firsts, 23 % c. Ladles — Extras. 20c, firm; firsts.
10% c. firm. .
EGGS— Fresh California selected, 37c, firm;
firsts. 34e. firm; seconds. . 28c, firm; thirds,
nominal; California ' selected store, 30c, firm;
firsts, 28c, firm; Eastern; nominal.. Storage —
California selected. 28e. steady; firsts, 25c;
seconds. 23Hc. California store — S»lected. 21c;
firsts, 2lc; Eastern -selected, 21c; firsts. 23% c;
seconds, 17 %c. .
; CHEESE — California fancy, new, 14% c.
steady; \u25a0 flrste, 13% c,' firm; seconds, 12@12%c
firm. Young Americas, fancy. 15c. firm;
firsts, 14c; seconds, 13e. Eastern — Fancy.
15%@lCc. firm; Western, 14® 14 % c. Storage-
California fancy, 13% c, firm: firsts, 12% c;
Young Americas, fancy, 14c; Eastern, •: fancy,
15c. steady. . '
.l>eeldiioni« and Citrus Fruits.
The \u25a0 manager of the ' local Orange ; Auction
Company announced yesterday that the first
regular auction sale of Oranges for the current
season would be . held on Monday, January 8,
end that - sales would be held thersaf ter on
Mondays, WfiJnesdays and Fridays until ' fur
ther notice. The Orange market is Btlll.over
stocked with small sizes of Navels, which move
slowly at low " and Irresular prices, but -big
fruit continues : scarce and In good demand at
stiff rates." 1 ' All the other Citrus goods are in
good supply and easy, with the exception ' of
Mexican Limes, which are pretty well cleaned
up and firm at the recent advanco. There Is
very little doing in Apples at the moment."'
The market Is liberally supplied with all
Cape Cod, 15@16c per -bar-'
, APPLES— SI 25^2 per box for fancy. 75c
<gisl 25 'for choice and 40®750 for common;
Christmas Apples, $1 25@2 60 per box »>' :
PEIA.RS— -"Winter Nellls, $1 60@2 50 per box;
other varieties, $I®l 25 per box. f; -1
' PERSIMMONS — 50c@$l per box. I< I
. CITRUS AND TROPICAL FRUlTS—Or
anges :*• Navels, $2@2 60 p«r ~ box for . fancy,*
$1 60@l 75 for choice and $I®l 50 for stand
ards; Seedlings, 75c@$l ;.. Tangerines, '--<1@
1 t's; Japanese -Mandarins, $1 25® 1 50 ;„ Le al
ong, »l 50@2 50; Grape Fruit, $1 50@2 50; Mexi
can-Limes. $4 50® 5 per case; Bananas.' Ha
waiian. $I@2 per bunch; Central American,
$2 50@3 50 per* bunch; ; Plneappks, (JQb per
dozen. ' '. ;. .: "- ' ..'.. ' \u25a0 '• \u25a0 • - .•-* : -
Dried Fruits, Nuts.' Rnlslns and;, floney.
- Firm but quiet \ markets"- prevail .in* 1 Fruit*
and \u25a0 Nuts..'. The , situation ?. in ißaislns . Is i still
unsettled and \u25a0\u25a0 New \u25a0; York ': buyers -" are reported
holding off. ' hoping for ; lower prices . after \tha
turn \u25a0of the year. Bright comb; Heney C"con
tinues^ scarce -. and firm. \u25a0 while extra^ed -^ Is
still neglected; - - '•_ -;v_~*:-
\u25a0 > .FRUlTS— Apricots, • B@loo for Royels' and
o®l2c for Moorparks; ; Peaches, BVIO for stand-:
ard«,"B%c for 'choice. 5 9c for extra choice and
9%®10c Jora fancy; Pean». 8@12%c; -Nectar
ines. 7%"@8%c for white and. 7U@794c for Red;
Plums, ' pitted, i 6%®7Uc for Black, 7&Bc : for
Red and -7SDc for, Yello w; Silver. Prunes, i 7®9^ ;
Evaporated AppU«, v SiP9%c:- Figs, boxes. 50?
for choice. 'ssc for extra choles and 60®€5c for
fancy; , "bulk ; white, 2 ?i@4c per lb; black,
S©3%c- \u25a0" " - ; \u25a0\u25a0•'-\u25a0•\u25a0• . V'" ' \u25a0"' ' \u25a0\u25a0-,
\u25a0; > PRUNES — 3%^4c^ basis ' for the . four sizes
• (60-100) k and : 4 Vic basis for the large and small
sizes,"'.-'" 1 * \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-.•\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0• \u25a0'. '\u25a0.-•...'"\u25a0"" "\u25a0 ' ' ' :': '- ""-'. :;
\u25a0RAi SlNS— Loose. 4-crown. 6%c per lb; 3
crown.* 6c; * 2-crown. 58ic Seeded . Ilaislns—
Fancy,* 16 ounces,'-BUc:<fancy, 12 ounces, 6% c;
choice c 16 ' ounces, .6c; choice, •12 cunces, ; 6%c;
Imperlar Clusters, $3 per 20-lb box; Dcheßas,
?2 50;- fancy. \u25a0 ' $2; 3-crowh London.. Larers.
$1 50; 2-crown, fl 40: seedless ' standard loose
Muscatels, 4%c; seedless Sultanas. 5%07c;
Thompsons, ti%c: bleached fancy. 9®10%c;
bulk choice, ,8c: standard. 7c
' NUTS— Almonds: Xonparlels. 12%®13c; I X
L. 12c; Ne Pins Ultra. ' 11%@12c: Drakes.
B%eioc. and Languedoc »«9%0: hardshell.
5%@RUc : . Walnuts, No. 1 sofUheU. 13®14c;
No. 2. 9®loc: No. 1 hardshell. 12%®13%c: No.
2. 8%®9%c: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, ll@i3c: Cocoanuts, $4 50®yi lUllan
Chestnuts. B®loc per lb. •
HONEY— Ccmb. 12%fi15c for white and , tog
12c for amber: water white extracted, s*»@
5%c: white. sc: amber 4g!4%c; dark. - — ;
Hawaiian, 2%c for extracted. . .
BEESWAX— 27g29c per lb.
Provisions-
Xo particular activity Is expected until after
the turn of the year, even if It comes then.
Quotations remain unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon.*. 12% c per lb for
heavy. 12% c for light medium. 13%014c for
light, 14@14%c tor extra light and l£slB%c
for sugar-cured; dry Salt Bides, lie: Bel
lies, 12c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 134*13 Vie :
California Hams. 12%4©12aic: M«ss Beef. ?9 5W
per bbl : extra Mess, $10: Family. $11; prtnw
Mess Pork, $14; extra clear. $19 50; Mess.
{17.60: Fig Pork, $22; -Figs' ' Feat, 15; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb. *
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Vic per lb for
California compound, 7©7% c for Eastern com
pound and 9%c for pure; hair barrels.- per*.
10c; 10-Ih tlns,"lo%c- 5-Ib Una. 10% c; 3-lb
tins, 10% c. •
COTTOLEXE— One half barrel. Sc; three
half barrels, 7%c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces.
7% c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides. Tnllow, Wool and Ho pa.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 13c; medium. 12%e; light. 12c:
Cow Hides, 12c- for - htavy and 12c for
light; .Stags. B%c; Salted Kip. 12c; Salted
Veal, 13c; Salted Calf. 14c; dry Hidis, 21c;
dry Kip. 20c; dry Calf. 23c: Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20©C0c »ach; short Wool. 50^90^
each: medium, 60c® $1 25- long Wool. $1 25®2:
Horse Hides, salt. $3£3 23 for large and $2 75
for medium, $2 25 for email and SOc for Colts;
Hors» Hides, dry. $'."?J2 23 for large and $1 CCXQ)
1 75 for medium. $1 50 for small and 50c for
Colts. Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 34c: dry
salted Mexican. 25c: dry Central American.
35c; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, .75c; ex
tra large do. $1 25; large, SOj&b'Oc; ,. medium.
356'40c- small. 25c. . -i
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c In barrels;
In cans and drums, V*o less; No. 2. 3©3% c;
Grease, 2£2%c \u25a0 . .
WOOL — Fall clip — Northern free, 15@17c:
do. defective. l'i&Ho: Middle County, fre*. 1&©
17c; do, defective, 12@14c; San Joaquin and
Southern. 10@13c; San Joaquin Lambs, 149
lCc do. defective, 9® 12c per lb.
HOPa-^7<&llc per lb.
- \u25a0, Meat Market.
'Both live and dressed stock. of all descrip
tions continue in sufficient supply and quota
tions are as before.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a3 follow* : -
BEEF— 5@6c for Steers and 485 c per lb for
Cows.
YEAL — Large. 5%6"%c; small. 7©9 c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%@10c: Ewes. B%SO<;
per lb. . -
LAMB— lo@llc p«T lb. •
FORK — Dressed Hogs, S%©9c per lb. '
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In' Ban Francisco, less 40^
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. B%@«iie; Cows and Heif
ers,
CALVES — 3>,A©4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes. 3§:;%c
per lb (sroes weight).
I^AMBS— S2 75® 3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 130 to 250 fbs. 5;656c;
over 250 lbs, 5%c; under 130 lbs, 5%c;
Feeders, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off: Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
abov« quotations. - -
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, buyer June- July. 6%©
6%c : W00l Bags. 30©33 c; small lots. 31®31c:
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. ?§; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. »8 5O;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. J": Coo* Bay. $5 50;
Richmond, $.V. Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $!> per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per
ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for rases
add 6c: Linseed. 5Cc per gallon for boiled and
ISc for raw; Castor Oil, in cases, No. I J. ?Cc;
Bakers* AA. cases, $1 16@1 18; Lucol, 48c for
boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut, cases, tS«J
78c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 5Sc
for CeyJon and 55c ! for Australian; extra,
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil 1 65c; natural Whale Oil; 60c; extra winter
strained Lard 0i1,' 73c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
" Pure Xeatsfoot Oil. 75c; No. I Xeatsfoot Oil.
57V>c; Herring OH, 45c; Salmon Oil, 3lc; boiled
FUh Oil, 35c; raw Fish 011,85 c; Paint OH, 35c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal Oil. In bulk, lie; Pearl Oil, In canes,
17% c; •Astral,* 17% c: Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20Vic; Elaine. 26c; Eocene. 19% c: Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. 15% c; in cases. 22c: Motor Gaso
line, in bulk. 15% c; In cases. 22c: No. 1 En
gine Distillate. Iron barrtls or drums, 8c; No.
2 do 6%c; cases, 6%c more; Benzine. In bulk.
12% c; cases. 10c: So-degree Gasoline, in bulk.
25c; in cases, 3lc. . "\u25a0 '
TURPENTINE— OOc per gallon In cases and
S4c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. S©
fc%c per lb; White Lead. B@S%c. according
to quantity.
. SUGAR— Tha Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.3Uc;
Powdered. 5.15 c: Candy Granulated. 5.15 c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.05 c; Fruit Granulated. 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-Ib bass only). 4.85 c: Confectioners'
A. 5.05 c: Magnolia A. 4.C5c; Extra C. 4.55 c;
Golden C. 4.45 c: "D," 4.35 c: barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes," BOc more; 50-lb
bags, 10c. more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels,; 5.55 c: boxes, s.Boc;|H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.05 c per lb. No order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
. Receipts of. Produce.
FOR" THURSDAY, DECEMBER 28. -
Flour qr r eks .'..3.190; Hops, baler.....' 511
Wheat, ctls 6,000 Wool, bales .... 40
Barley, ~ctls ... 4.283 Leather rolls ... 149
Oats,' ctls —\u0084.•. 344 Hides, No 709
Corn ( WesO.ctls 600 Pelts, bdls 320
Tallow, ctls .... 213 Lime, bbls 273
Sugar, ctls 1,200! Raisins, bxs .... 500
Beans, ;«ks .... 843 ; Brandy, gals ... 200
Potatoes, ska .. 4,2001 Wine, gals 50.C50
Onions, sks .... 5401 Livestock, head.. 105
Middlings, sks.. 300J Calfskins, bdls... 210
Hay, tons ..... 440; Apples, bxs 220
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska... 10.6601 Bran, sks 3.C68
Oats, ctls .. 3,1251 Groats, sks 400
STOCK MARKET.
Alaska Pttckerd Continues to Fluctuate
Very Sharply.
Alaska Packers was again the lively- stocti on
the Stock and Bond Exchange, opening at
$52 50. declining to $51 50 recovering to $53
nnd closing at $51 25. Sales were numerous,
but in small lots, as a rule. Otherwise there
was nothing , new on thin exchange, business
being quiet. Paciflc Lighting was ex-dividend
of 40c under the rule. .
In the mining ' shares tne Tonopahs led in
activity, with larg" sales in some of the lead
ers, notably Kendall, whicn advanced still fur
ther to <Me. The Comstocks were fairly active,
with no changes worthy of note. .
I The Central Trust Company has declared tha
following dividends for the six months ending
December 31: On term deposits at the rats of
3 C-IO per cent' per annum and on ordinary de
posits at the rate of 3% .per cent per annum.
v Wells, Fargo '& Co. has declared a regular
semi-annual dividend of $3 per share and an
extra dividend of $1 per snare, payable Janu
ary 15. '" ~ifOtyfi&p<*&*Z*-l
The .Westlnghotu* S>ctric and Manufacture
ins Company has declared regular quarterly
dividends 0f. 2% per cent on the preferred, as
eentlng and non-assenting stocks, payable Jan
uary 10. '
.The American "Woolen Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 1% per cent on
the preferred stock, payable January 15. This
dividend Is tho twenty-seventh declared on the
preferred . stock equivalent to $47 25 a share,
making the aggregate payment $9,625,000.-
At the annual meeting of Hale & Norcrosa
Mining Company M. W. Pox was elected presi
dent. James H. Swift vice president. Frank
Hlgstlns superintendent and M. W. Fox. James
H. Swift.' George P. 1 Thurston. W. J. Dale.
Frank , Mahon. . IJenry Otarsen and George C.
Sneider directors." R. U-, Collins 'was re-elected,
secretary. ; "
The Teztutlan Copper Mining and Smelting
Company.' has ; declared a quarterly dividend of
1% per cent v or $150 per share, and, an extra
dividend of-% per cent, or 50 cents per share,
both payable January 2.
Tho leading mining companies of th« Butte
district, in Montana «re estimated to hava pro
duced about 5.110.000 tons of ore in 10G3.
From -this total tonnage of ore more than 3CB.-
COO.OOO pounds of copper were obtained, of
which amount . Amalgamated Is credited with
2«4 000.000 \u25a0 pounds. United Copper with 30.000.
000 Clark with ' 20,000,000 and North Butte
with 20.0C0.0C0. .
The Stock and Bond Exchange will not be tn
session on Monday,- New Year's day. The min
ing and oil exchanges will probably adjourn
this afternoon to Tuesday".
STOCK AND BOVD EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 2S—2 p. ns.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bid.' 'Ask. " Bid. Ask.
4s qr c0up.'.103%104 - 4s qr cp nw.132% — \u25a0
4s qr reg..-.108»ilO4% 3s qr coup. ..103%104%
' . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS." X
Ala'A-W.Ss — , — : ' Ok.T Con"ss, >—
Asso Oil se. 92 O W gtd ss>. 9» 8.8 U
Bay CPC ss. — IC9 Oceanlc.S 0s 61 «7%
CalC G'Os. — 110% Om Cable 65.120% —
Cal G & Ej? PacOlm4».»e -
m : &ct 6a »S% — P.E Ry 55..U2H — ,
Cal-stC 58.111 Vill3}i Pac L&P 59.103 —
AUCTION SALES
«sw 5^ Jael
AUCTION SALE,
NEVADA STABLES
1350 Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Friday, December 29, at II a. m.
I will sell the contents of the Nevada Stables,
consisting of 70 head of flrst-clasa Horse*.
among them a number of matched teams and
some ot the b«st Road Horses In tns city.* •
number of flrst-class Business Horses and
some good Wagon Harses. 25 first-class Busi-
ness Buggies. 13 Road Buggies, 12 Top Bug-
gies. 4 Surreys. 1 Hack. 1 Victoria. 1 Wagon-
ette . and a number of wagoca of all kinds.
Harness for all dutflts. Whips. Robes. Blankets.
Saf* and Offlca Fixtures and a number of other
things too numerous to mention.
' %l» Is not a lot of cIH-ap stuff, but one oj.
the best. If not the best.' equipped stables on
the coast. Everything must be sold, for tb»
owners are retiring from • the livery tenstness
and th» building wilt be remodeled -Into &
theater.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
C C Wat 35.1C6 — P& C H Ss.tCO —
\u25a0 Do X mg4s 94 96 P& O R «Ss.llO —
Ed LAP tia.122%125 Powell -at «s.lll • —
V & CII 6a. 113 114 Sac EG&R53.107 108
Geary-st ss. — B0 SF & SJV3». 11914 — '
H C&3 5%5.1C5% — SF.O& SJjs.ll4 118
Do 5s l0C?i — ! Slorra B «s». — 112 ! i
Hon R T Cs.lUS\4 — I S P of A 6e
LA Elec 68.1W% — ' (WS)) 10»\;iasS
LAG&EI 55.101 — i U910) 109% —
L A Ry Sa.US% — I 8 P of C «s I
LAL gtd 55.106 — - [ <190«> ....102*4 —
LAP 1cm53.111V4112 : «1812> 114 —
LAP C 55.. 108% — SVC IC« 59.11S —
>Ikt-st C 65.116 ll"%! S« P B R *».!:» I 3
« lcmSs.ll3% — S V Wat 63.102% —
*MV& MT55.105% — Do 4s 2dm. —
NR of C 65.104% — Do 4s 3dm. — —
.-. Do 5s ....119% — Do g mg4s 95 89
,NPCR C«.105%1C8 Stkn G&Efls. W> —
NC Ry 55.1127 i — UG * E os.l(W —
»CPC3». 9»% — I'R of SF 4» 87«» 97 S4S 4
O GLAH Sa.KM) — Val Co P 55.104% —
Ok TCo e5.121%123%" Yos SL 4'i«. — VW'i
Do 5s 115 — •
WATER STOCKS.
"Contra Csta 43% — I Port Costa... — «»
Marin C 0... 60 — fS V Wat Co. 40 .40%
GAS AND ELECTIUC.
Cent L& P — 4%| Pao L C 0... 75 l i —
Martel Powr 2 — |SF G & E. 85% —
Mutual EL. i; 17U! Stkn G&E. 12 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fd.S75 430 [
BA.VK STOCKS.
Am Xtl Bk. — 130 .| L P & A...148 132%
Anglo-Cal .. 02% SW | Mer Trust... 2lft 240
Bank of Ca1.423 — | Merch Ex. . . 60 — ;
Cal Safe Dp.l«)%tC2 IS V Xatlonal — l«0
First Natnl.34o — !
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.29C0 — I Say & L So.lOO — '
Hum S 8k.2158 — f Sec Say 8k.395 —
Mutual Say. 100% — f Union T C 0.2700 33C0
S F Say U.7UO — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..212% — 1 Presidio .... — \u25a0*»
POWDER.
Giant Con.. — 77%!
Hawaiian C. 83TJ 85 ! Makawell C. SZ\i 3&i
Honokaa SC 11% 12% Or.omea SC. SI ::i\
Hutch SP C 14* i 14% Paauhau 3C 22 23
Kllauea S C — I%|
mSCELLAXEOUS.
Alaska PA. 51% — } Oceanic SCo 4 —
A?«o Oil Co. 55% — I Pac Aux FA. — —
Cal F C A. — «S% Pac C 80rx.133 —
Cal Win* A 81% 82 PacS Tel Co.lO|tilOti
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. 52 50
60 Alaska Packers' Association.. 51 BO
135 Alaska Packers' Association. . 52 tK>
50 Alaska Packers' Association. . 51 75
30 Aia.-ka Packers' Association.. 51 87%
60 Centra Ccsta Water 48 00
10 Giant Powder Con "U So
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 SL'Vj
120 Onomea Sugar Company 31 0O
IC3 Spring Valley Water Co 40 37 Vi
$3,000 Hawaiian Com'l A Sugar 65.. 105 75
$S.UUO Cal Gas &El Gen M& C T ss. 98 73
Street —
5 Giant Powder Con 76 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Association.. S3 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . 52 23 -
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. 52 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association., "t ht>j
75 Alaska Packers' Association.. 31 50 —
25 Alaska Packers" Association.. '51 37$j
IC3 Alaska Packers' Association.. 5t 25
15 Oceanic SSCo 4 25
100 Onomea Sugar Co 31 25
$1,000 Market St Ry Ist Con Ss 115 Zt>
$I.OCO Paciflc EHctrlc Ry 5s 112 75
$5,000 Cal Gas *El Gen M& C T ss. «* 87>£
$7,000 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 33.. I©s 75
$21,000 Cal Gas &El Gen Mft C T ss. 98 75
Unlisted Securities'.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.10«U — SF T>rdk 59.115 —
B L Wat fc's.ll2 — SF G&Ct%s.lol% —
Cal XW 59. — 111% SF &NP 55.112 —
M C Wat S3 — 111 |S PC R 4s. »S —
O T Con 3s. — 107%! Sun Tel 65... 112 —
Pac G&EI 5s 94% — I Do 5s 108%U0'i
Rial Wksss. — 103 |
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 (Mils Nat 8k.325 —
Am Bis Co.llo — !XS R R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mis 90% — 1 N Cal P Co. 15U — •
Cal C&ECor Sl>% — jOk Bk Say. ISO —
C Jockey Cl. — 150 lOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal Powder.l6o — >Orpheum Co. 17 —
Cal Ship Co— 25 | PacC Cas C 0.150 175
Cal Tl* T — 190 Pae G*B pfd 37% «f'i
Cen Bk. Ok. — 75 Pac Sur Co. — l-'O
Chutes Co.. — 5 Paraf Paint. loo —
Cltyi C8k.117% — S F Drydock — 73
Cyp L Imp. — « SF & SJCoal 20-23 .
DptPwd,T>fd 95 100 S Jcs» Wat. 103% — .
Do com .. 95 104 • SO* MTgbt. — ISO"
FN Bk 0k.120 — ISo Pac Co 6a
Frnch-A Bk.llo — I 3wiss-A 8k.123 ISO
Gas Con A. — 19 I Trudt - Elect. — 22 'i
Hono P Co. — ;« i Union 8 Co. 32% 37 *
Do old pi. — 33 IW-Fargo 8te.225 —
Do nw pi. — 36 I WestXat Efc.ltJS —
Mat Nar C 0.120 _—
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
OH stocks— Bid. / Atked.
Arline 2S , .z..
Claremont ? . •••- * '-'I 12<i
Forty '- « 5O
Four 2' «v.
Hanford 250 0O | 300 CO
Home ".. 45 ....
ImperUl 1« (W
Independence 13 17
Kaweah 4O
Kern - 13 50
Kern (new) 20
McKittrick ; «» tl
Monarch of Arizona 1.1 13
Mont« Crlsto T3 *>
Oil City Petroleum 70 74
Senator 1 60 ....
Shawmut •••• *»
SterUns " 123 ••••
Superior 0° ••••
Thirty-three 5 00 ....
Tolteo _ *' ••\u25a0•
Twenty-eight 7 OU I»
Union ICS CO
West Snore .'• 160 ....
Ga» and electric —
Northern Cal Power 15 CO ....
Miscellaneous stocks—
Fischer R Theater Co 1 w> 1 30
North Shore Railway 1 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 4 05 ....
Miscellaneous bonds —
Asso Oil-Co 5s (1322) 92 00 ....
Los Angeles Railway 5s UR 62%
8 V Water 4s CM mtge).... .... 100 0©
OFFICIAL. SALES.
Mornlnc Session.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
83 Asso Oil Co Stock Tr Cert 53 .
100 West Shore Oil .< 1 *>
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.'
Following were the sales on the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks. .
200 Andes'.. 191 100 Hale £ Sore.l 80
100 Caledonia.-... 52! 400 Mexican ISO
100 Con V» M. ..t 25! 1000 Orerroan .... 21
ICO Eureka C0n..3 25: ICO Sava«e 33
600 Gould St Cur: 24]
12 m. Informal Session — Comstoeks.
100 Caledonia ... 821 300 Mexican .....130
ICO Caledonia. ... 51 1 300 Onhlr ... .8 00
700 Caledonia ... 541 12C0 Overman '...*. 2t
2CO Caledonia ... 551 800 Potosi. b 30. 0»
50 Con Va M...1 25! 300 Silver Hi 11... KS
800 Con Va M...1 st>; 300 Silver Hi 11..- 87
2 p. m. Session — Comstocks.
500 Bullion ..... 26! 500 Hale & Xore.l CO
SOO Caledonia ... ,&•"! 200 Mexican ..:..!»>
ICO Chollar 18! 100 Seg Belcher.: 10
/700 Con Va M...1 23| /-\
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. Vj
BUJ.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 05 07! Gould * Car. 23 !U '
Alta ..-.....: "tOt~ o<l>Hale * NercJ «O1 t5
Andes ....... 19 " 20| Julia ......... 9* 09
Belcher 21 231 Justice 05 W
Best & 8e1..l 13 1 40, Kentuck ..... 91 (H
Bruns Chollr — ,011 Lady Wash. .". •'— --*Z ; \u25a0
Bruns C Va. — Cl Mexican .....1 30 1 35-
Bruna G Sc. C — 01 i Occidental ... 92 9rt
Bruns Potosi .. — 04 Ophlr . . . . . .5 S7 %8 M>
Bruns Savage — 04J Ophlr-Bron». .07 10
Continued on Pa*e 14.
1516
DECLARES BOYS OF THE HIGH SCHOOL
MUST NOT BE DENIED FOOTBALL.
Ytaterftay** ajatherlav of the Teachers' A«»oelatloi» at Berkeley iraa the
larcert ntme* the opening; day. Over TOOO met and women Interested In
education were la attendance. la rhe morning addreaaea were made by
many promlaeat men of the State. la the afternoon excursion* were
run to Stanford UalTerslty and other point*. At a banquet In the
rvrctsc John Swett, oldest Ual*-er«lty of California cradnate, waa hon
ored. A meetlaa; was held In Saa Francisco dorlnc the . afternoon.
The aesstoas C o on at Berkeley and San Francisco to-day.
\u25a0 - • ' : \u25a0\u25a0-.-*.
Principal Merrill of Wilmerding and Lick
Gives Opinion on Matter.
.Tells Teachers' Association That the
Trouble Lies With Colleges.
-I protect «K«ln«t tfce recent tend- i
«-ncy annßK cullrsre men to vlalt all
tlir ains of footbnll on tbe necondary
•rhooU nd the youneer element gen
erally. The cleanest and beat football
to-da> 1* played ••» the necondarr
ftohoolK and !*• tfreatr«t evUs vre have
to «Hintend Mllb— l mean the evIU of
.-.intumlnatliin In (be same lt«elf — do
not orlelnatr vrltb «he necondarr
»< \u25a0 boots, but arc propajratrd down from .
ihe unlvemltlc*. This han been done j
throusb the •ensl-profef««lon«l team*
«nd Individual. who»e urlttfn eaa be
traced to the college*. The latest ot
irranpe—the tno«t recent confession-—
i.l the college football orarlea U that
football U not n ictmr, but a •pectacle.
Thai la true n« regard* college foot- |
ball* I will BRrrr, but It doe* not ap
ply ««• I Ik- Ilisrb Kcboola, fli-cpl 111 a
i I. -nlicd mraaurr. and I knew that this
feature ran In- eliminated. Cut out
<-l:ntup!on»hlpa and the relief U ac
<iunj)llahed. w
So declarf-d Principal George Al
M.rrill of the Lick and Wilmerding
Bcboola in his paper on "Student Ac
tivities." read before the convention of
tlie Teacher*' A««3ciation at Berkeley
•yesterday. In hit? argument he an
iifitin'fd himself as opposed to the plan
of Heveral -college presidents and many
'.university men who would eliminate
football from the preparatory schools.
He stated that he hol\f\-od the pres
ent frame could, and should, be re
" formed and that possibly a somewhat
different system should be used at the
university and the high school, but he
>\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0<\u25a0. in plain terms) his' belief that
football was a good thing: for the boy
•who is studying in the high school. .He
advocated the abolishing of champion
ships.
WHACKS Till: FItATERXITV.
Principal Merrill took a whack at
the high school fraternity as it exists
to-day. He presented two resolutions,
one stating: that it is unprofessional
for a high school teacher to accept
I membership In a high school frater
nity, and th*» other stating that "high
school fraternities should not be dom
iciled within the school building's or
accorded recognition of any sort."
He also declared that student ac
tivities were overdone and took occa
sion to discredit the work of the Ama
teur Athletic League, which controls
high school athletics. He said:
Mu<lrnt activities ar* inclined to encroach
on the established work of the school. They
are overdone, r>nttl<u]arly football. Th*re is
£.i:\. v.Uy in providing suitable facilities for
, them In and around the school buildings.
\u25a0'\u25a0•!»• is difficulty in raising funds among the
•tudentH and more difficulty in spending them
vinely — and. I am sorry 10 say, In s&feiruarding
them aculnfft dishonesty. School rivalry de
•o*ndfc to 111 fueling, disorderly conduct, act*
of vatnluliKm. etc. Professionalism creeps In.
I'arents .scmoilmt-s get fooltrhly ambitious; llk-
Ine to nee their children ehlne as football he
roe*, particularly captains and as president* of
fraternities, etc., thry become really obnoxious
promoters of Mrenuout sports for boys and
elaborate social functions for girls. Occasion
ally the misguided principal of a school seeks
to advertise hl» institution through Us athletic
or debatlnc team.
A. A. 1- IS UIVWIELDV.
The A. A. J* a» now onranlzed Is not only
an unwieldy working body, but It if aim indi
rectly — though only |>artly— reeponslble for the
fact that athletics are overdone In pome re
spect* and in pome erhools. It undertake* to
*«v*r the major part of if not the entire
State, anu to conduct series of contests leading
to a determination of championship*. I be
llevo It -would be better to have a number of
«maller l«-aguea. each self-coverning In a large
measure — mnre «r> than the present FUbtleagues,
and « ach represented by a delegate In the A.
A. I*. In other words, instead of having the
supreme governing body composed of a dele-
Bate from earn whool. I would have only one
delt-gate from each nub-league. In the sub
|esgu»-K bout- rrovlhifm should be made for en»
RESTORED HiS HAIR
„
Scalp Humor Cured by Cuticura
Soap and Ointment
AFTER ALLILSE FAILED
"I was troubled with a serers t c»lp
humor and less of bair that gave me a
' great deal of annoyance and inconven-
ience. After unsuccessful efforts with
; many remedies and so-called hair
(tonics, a friend . induced me to try
Cuticura Soap and Ointment. The
humor was cured in a short time, my
hair was restored as healthy as ever,
and I can gladly say I have since been
entirely free from any further annoy-
ance. I shall always use Cuticura
Soap, and I keep the Ointment .on
hand to utse as a dressing for the bair
and scalp, (signed) Fred'k Bu»che,
«3 East 57th St., New York City."
HOLIDAY GIFTS
Opera, Race and Field
Glasses, Lorgnettes, Spec-
tacles, Kodaks and Cameras.
V OPTICIAN.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEARSUTTER OW> OCCIDENTAL MOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES"
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
Sanday Rvenlag Tab!* d'Hot*.
Will be served In the white and
gold room every Sunday Evening
at 6:30 o'clock.
82.50 prr plate. Hober'i Orchestra
Reservations • may be made with
the Maitre d'Hotel.
"DDTTOLJETC ro R barbeks. bak- 1
JJltUoflllO f «- bootblacki. b*sh-
*^*" w * houses, billiard ULbl»«.
bn-wera, bookbinders, candy maker*, cannars,
dyera. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
l.s'tirers. printers, painters, shoe factories.' sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
nrciiAXAN nuos., ~
Brush Slnnafactnrera, 608 Sacrameato St
couraglnir the smaller schools, either by ar
ranging games between schools of about equal
• nrollmem, or by a nystem of handicapping- or
Its equivalent.- Und«r the present plan a
•chool that meet* defeatiln the early gumes of
the season Is out of it altogether and that par
ticular snort ceases for the season In that
school, whll« the victorious team goes march
ing on through a season unduly prolonged. If
the sport is carried on for health and recrea
tion, then there should be some arrangement
by which all the schools can have a uniform
season of reasonable length.
Some of the delegates In the A. A. I*, are
students and come are teachers. Formerly all
or nearly all were students, but now the
teacher* ar« nearly or quit* In th» majority.
PYom my . observation* I am of the- opinion
"7
that this is not a rood phiß. The counsel of
older heads is desirable, but so Is student con
trol. There are times and circumstance*, also,
when this association of teachers and etudents
on a common voting . basis is uncomfortable
and even humiliating foe* the latter. As a
remedy I would suggest two separate govern
ing bodies, one composed entirely of teachers
an<l the ©iher entirely of students, with a dl
vl»Ion of duties. The teachrrs could establish
policies, arrange schedules of games to prevent
ronfljrt with school programmes, and. exercise
functions of general supervision — perhaps main
ly legislative. To the students could be left
matters of protests, qualifications of athletes,
the Immediate conduct of games, etc.
Whether or not my suggestions- are good
on?*, it Is certain that we as high school
teachers are seeking a bettermtnt of athletic
conditions all along the line, and we shall br
pleased to hear what these gentlemen of the
A. A. L. and others present have to say that
will contribute to that end.
SEVEN THOUSAND PIIESEXT.
Yrstorday's session of the Teachers'
Association was the largest since the
opening day. It is estimated that fully
7<X)O men and women interested in educa
tional work were present. Nearly all of
these were teachers. Business sessions
and discussjons along educational lines
occupied the entire morning. In- the
afternoon great > excursions were run to
Stanford University and to points of in
terest about the bay. Discussions .were
also held during the entire afternoon. ,
One of the most Interesting discussions
of the day took place at. the meeting of
the State Library Association during the
morning. Frank F. Bunker of the. State
Normal School took the stand in discuss- t
Ing tlu* question, "Should the State Text
books be Supplemented, and If so, to "\Vhat
Extent?" that the teachers should. not
confine themselves to the- narrow limits
of the textbooks offered in the report of
the State . Textbook Committee. He
urged the building up of the libraries so
that more supplementary work could be
done by teachers and pupils. Robert Fur
long, secretary -of the committee ' that
made tho report, vigorously defended the
action taken and declared that the ( Cali
fornia textbooks need no supplementing.
Opinion sppmed to 'favor the' stand of
Bunker.
During the same, session, Frank ,B.
Cooper, Superintendent of - the, Seattle
schools, pointed out the need for a course
of Instruction in library methods in the
normal schools and universities. He said
that, as in California, where each district
has an appropriation for a library, the
teachers often made poor and useless se
lections of books through lack of knowl
edge.
At the meeting of the Department of
School Boards and Trustees papers were
read by C. H. Rowell of Fresno, S. C.
Evans of Riverside, J. VW. Atherton of
San Rafael; J. O'Connor) principal of the
Mission High School, San Francisco, and
• Frank B. Cooper of Washington. Papers
were also read before the County Board
Organization.
DEPARTMENTS 3IEET.-
The Elementary School Association met
yesterday morning- and discussed the re
lations between the elementary, and. sec
ondary schools. Interesting papers were
read by Herbert Lee of Mountain View,
and C. E. Rugh of Oakland. The report
of the committee of nine, -advocating
changes In the entrance requirements of
the University of California and a change
in the studies offered in the high schools,
was read and discussed.. No action was
taken. \ '
"At the meeting of the geography de
partment J. C. Merrlam , gave . ah exhibi
tion of Shasta County cave fossils. Many
papers were read.
E. R. Snyder discussed the educational
functions of manual training at the meet-
Ing of that department Principal George
A. Merrill read. a paper on the subject,
"Manual ; Training for the Win
ner." In which he urged the teachers to
lean toward Industrial education. He
urged the universities to give a combined
course of engineering and culture.
Mrs. L. V. Sweesy gave two music les
sons to pupils of the fourth * and fifth
grades to Illustrate methods of teaching.
At the meeting of the kindergarten \u25a0 de
partment addresses were made. by A. E.
Wlnship of Boston. F. E. , Farrington : of
the University of California, and , Miss
Isabel C. j French of; Los Angeles. The
English, chemistry, .German, commercial.
! and short' story, departments all held In-
I teresting sessions.
The State Library J and the California
Educational , Society, have extensive -ex
hibits near the: meeting places of the
Teachers' Association. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL^ FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1905.
PROMINKNT EDUCATORS WHO
ARE ATTENDING THE ANNUAL
CONVENTION Of TEACHERS.
Last night a reunion of" University ot
California teachers, librarians and agri
cultural,' graduates was held in Hearst
Hall. TFohn Swett, oldest graduate of the
University of California, was th<; guest
of honor. - He was toasted by Governor
Pardee. President Whteler and many
others. His 'portrait was hung in the.
University Library. *
ASK FOR BETTER SALARIES.
R evolution Fnvorlnsr Ral«e In Teachers*
Pay 1m Artosrted. :
: The attendance of teachers at the
Alhambra yesterday was up to tliu
standard of the previous. sessions there
and unusual interest : was '-shown in
the talks of the two learned scholars
who delivored addresses. '. .
. Mackenzie Gordon, the sweet- voiced
tenor, opened" the meeting with a ren
dition' of . a beautiful selection. His
* efforts in this and two , other .'selec
tions he rendered during^ the after
noon, received i the highest appreciation
of the audience.
"The" following resolution was read
by H. C. Hall, a teacher in; the Lin
coln Evening School, and the gather-
Ing was unanimous in its vote for
adoption: : . .
Resolved. That a ' committee of seven, be ap
pointed.by the superintendent of schools of the
city, paid committee to assume -the.' following.
duties: To -Inquire Into and set • forth^the
sources of school revenue, of the city; to forrnu-.
late a campaign to win public favor.-andJsup-'
port and to secure permanent pension' fund for
aged teachers of the city; 'ami a maximum of
salary more fairly, commensurate _wlth the!
scholastic attainments and laborious services
required of a teacher. That It : report to the
next Institute or earlier, should school authori
ties of city so desire or .require It or should'
question. lnvolved so demand -It. , .' v . , ;
A. E. Winshlp, editor, of trie 'Journal
of Education of Boston.' and who has
.been "a frequent visitor here, .delivered
the opening 1 address 'on "The j Schools
as a Public Investment." He : main
tained .that 'the boys "and /girls were
the chief assets -'of 'a city, and^ every.
advantage should be given them in]the
line_of education -for the advancement
of £ city. The future welfare depends'
on them.' he': said.'. He' 1 said 'that' more'
schools and ; higher, education v meant jan
increase, of taxation, but he "showed
how the people . and i the; city \u25a0 w^ere the
one^s who received ; the • benefit. ;
L. p."-. Harvey, superintendent; of .the
Stout .Training School \of - Menominee,'
Wis.;', was ". the ; next : speaker, : and he
used for hl's subject.
in Teaching." He went into It Un a
general way and j showed 'the mistakes
whlcii are.made;by instructors in their'
courses i of .. teaching. >He J told of what
he; thought; a teacher ,should -do », in ;
mapping out work, to the- students." v
New. Year** at Hotel Del Monte.
, Enjoy the glass-bottom boats, hot
salt' water swimming, * riding, ; driving,
tennis; and; golf on the finest course ?ln
California. T Special tickets, good leav
ing, San Francisco any/ train from Fri
day.December 29; returning by: any
train- Tuesday, ; January ,2.'; Round-trip
rate,: Including four days'- accomnioda.
tlonsv ut* ; ; Del Monte, > $18. \u25a0'- Through
train, with parlor car, leaves. Third and
Townsend streets; dally? at ? 3; o'clock
returning leaves Del' Monte 8:30 a.' in. •
SUES TAIIiORS* UNlON.— Because he dis
charged one Blrnbaum I rom - hl» employ, ; A. : l^
Bowhay,* proprietor, of an. establishment at 50S
Sutter- street, says Hbe 'Ladlea" Tailors'." Uulon
has boycotted - him j and "• established 3 pickets In
front ;\u25a0 ot i hla ' place of business: * . He . filed suit
yesterday ; f or. j an ,:- injunction ito *- restrain the
union from \u25a0 further: interferlng.\ with -him: .'/ .
\u25a0 '. Burnett's .-Extract •of Vanilla U th«
standard every where, v Bold by \u25a0 best grocer*. : •
BIG -INSTRUCTORS
EXCHANGE THOUGHTS
Assemble to Hear arid
Study Scholarly '
Papers.
The Philological Association of the Pa
i cific: Coast resumed its deliberations yes
! terday at Mark Hopkins Institute, when
j the election of officers for the year 1905-6
; resulted in the choice of Professor E.
! B. Clapp, University of California, for
\u25a0president; Professor '\u25a0 11. TX. . Falrclc^Jgh;
; Stanford University, and. Professor 11. K.
Schilling, University of California, vice
presidents; Professor I* J. Richardson,
secretary and treasurer; executive com
mittee, including : above-named officers,
Professqr A. F. * Lange, .University of
California; Professor J. E. Matzke, Stan
| ford University; Professor H. C. Nutting,
University of California," and Professor
O. M. Johnston, Staiford University. The
paper 3 read ' were: '
"On Correption in Hiatus" (concluded). Pro
fessor E. B. Clapp, University of California. \
"Old Problems in Horace and Vergil" (con
cluded). Professor J. E. Church Jr., University
of Nevada.
"The Yokuts Indian language of California,"
Dr. A. 1.. Kroeber, University of California.
i"A Criticism of Texts Offered for the Read
ing of Advanced German In Oar Colleges and
Universities," Professor J. 'H. Senger.f Univer
sity of California.
"The Composition of the Old. French Roman
de Galeran," Professor J. E. Matzke, Iceland
Stanford Jr. University. , ." ;
"The Lunula Worn on the Roman Shoe,"
Dr. C. J. O'Connor, University of California. '
"Eplgraphical Notes." Professor W. S. Fer
guson, University of California.- ',•
"The Latin Indirect Object governed by
Verbs signifying \u25a0 favor, help,. Injure, please,
displease, trust. dUtrust, command, obey,
serve, resist. Indulge, spare, pardon, envy,
threaten, believe and persuade," H. B. Dewing,
Berkeley High School.
"Sources of the Lay of the Two Lovers,"
Professor O. M. • Johnston, Leland Stanford Jr.
University. :.' ' •
"The Necessity of an American Bureau for
the Itepubllcatlon of Manuscripts,", Professor
C. M. Gayley, University of California. •
Th*> members of the association dined
itogether in the evening and later enjoyed
a smoker.
r The deliberation will be resumed at 9:30
this morning. /
SHORTHAND TEACHERS PASS
BUSY DAY AT > CONVEXTION
Hear I Various .Reports I of \u25a0 Conimltteea
. nnd Papers , on ; Subjects "of \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'•<
.. '. Much Importance. '
The convention .of the .Commercial
Shorthand Teachers held another Inter
esting session -.yesterday at the Metro
politan Business .College, Golden' Gate
avenue. < ,
'The programme of the day was as
follows:
Report of committee on constitution and by
laws;-report of treasurer; election of officers;
general discussions; appointment of commit
tees. \ ' Subject: 1 . • .'Commercial * Arithmetic^ — \u25a0
What Should Be Taught and How?" Professor
R. H. *Webater, "' president - Metropolitan Busi
ness College, San Francisco. ;• Discussions: H. ;
\t. Gunn, principal Xapa Business College; C.
S. Springer, principal Cihestnrutwood Business
College; F. O. .Gardiner. :."' principal - Stockton
Business. College.- .Subject: - "Modern Offices
Appliances," W.;W. ; Cooley, Burroughs Adding
Machine Company; discussion : and „ explanation
of office appliances on exhibition by the repre
sentatives of the of flee " supply houses of Baa
Francisco and Oakland. 'Subject: "Bookkeep
ing Text -Books," Ira N. Allen, Polytechnic
Business- College. • Oakland. 'Discussions: • G
R. S-touffer, Howe's Academy and Business C«I
lege:'J. X. ; Sprouse, , Fresno Business College-
W.Boucher, 'San. Jose Business- College.
j In; the ' evening the convention mem
bers' partook : of a banquet. The meet
ing will be resumed to-day.
Town Talk.
-"Our 'veteran. society leader: telis In
this .week's paper why,he'; keeps [ In; the
.swlm.arid'when he will probably retire.
;ThV ; Sauntererf discusses the^ "genius iof
'Alice'Nielson- for grasping; opportunity
andtells of the "magic of : success. There
is also a, criticisms. of- her -vocal iwork
.which deals ,wlth , the limitations of, her
\-ocal art. : The heroes i of the: navy's Pa
clflc-squadron.aro pictured in this num
ber." The Saunterer tells of the romance
oftheMackay pearls.;: He discusses our
badly* managed Free Library, -und In
sprightly vein t ho gives the usual num
ber, of frothy stories of personalities :in :
the -.; public eye. ., Editorially,- the- West
Point snob is discussed : and : some light
Is thrown - on" the > motive '• that Inspired
Thomas \u25a0* Ryan •'•in » securing 1 control \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 of
the Hyde stock In the Equitable «com
pany. '^ '*\u25a0 \u25a0> \u25a0 '\u25a0 ': ' \u25a0 • •••**;' .•\u25a0"
W. vL. BROWN
Of The Call's Special Staff of
AVrltera Contributes an ' Inter-
, rat 1 ns . '\u25a0"\u25a0: Article ;v ;. on J ." Worklnjr
to -KevolutlonUe l'hysiolojiionl
Theories""'": r '; "';- \u25a0 :'~:: '~: V.*. •'\u25a0\u25a0
-IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
FATS TRAINS
FOR THE MAIL
Special Postal Cars to Be
Operated Between Omaha
. and San Francisco Soon
EAST ", BROUGHT- CLOSER
Superintendent Stephens
Succeeds in' Inducing the
Railway Officials to Act
A. H._ Stephens, Superintendent of Rail
way Malls, was notified yesterday of the
success of his efforts to obtain fast mail
trains between Omaha and San Francisco.
The : first new fast mall train, composed
exclusively of mail cars, will leave Omaha
next Sunday for San Francisco. It will
advance the mail now arriving in .this
city at 12:4S p. m. by twenty-four and a
half- hours," and the mail that arrives here
at 5:43 p. m. on the Overland Limited train
by five hours and a half. The new train
will. leave Chicago at 2:80 a. m., Omaha at
l:|iO p. m. of the same day, Ogden 2:55
p.m. next day, and ajrrlve in San Fran
cisco at 12:28 p. m. on the third day, con
suming, from Chicago to San Fransico
58 hours, .or SH.'Ji hours, from' New York.
There will be consumed, eastbound from
San Francisco to Chicago 66 hours, . and
87%'-- hours' from -" San Francisco to New
York. Under the present schedule mails
! leaving this city arrive in Chicago in 76^
! hours and in New York in 103 hours.
There will be a clear gain of two days
la the sending of a letter from New York
and the receipt of a reply at that point.
J. Kruttschnltt, director of mainten
ance- and way of. the Harriman lines,
and H: P. ' Thrall,, who has charge of all
of 'the mail contracts for the Harrlman
lines, have informed the local railway
mail service officials that it is the desire
of the company to make the new mail
train between Omaha and San Francisco
the finest and one of the fastest in the
world. To that end the company will
construct a. sufficient number of all-steel,
modern mail cars, making it one solid
train throughout on the Harriman lines.
These will be the first all-steel mail cars
put into operation. Frequent tests have
been. made of two sample cars construct
ed and the railroad company is of the
opinion that the improved cars will be
adopted by the PoPtoffice Department. .
The addition of fast mail train service
between Omaha and San Francisco, there
by-closing the chain of fast mail trains
between New York and San Francisco,
will probably divert to the New York
Central, the Burlington route and the
Harriman lines, a vast" quantity of mail
for coast points now carried by the Santa
Fc, the Great Northern and the Northern
Pacific railroads.
The compensation for carrying the
mails on railroad lines for the four years
commencing July 1. 1906, will be based
upon the average weight of mail carried
during, a period of 106 days, which will
commence , within - the next few weeks.
This exclusive mall train service will
probably throw to. the Harriman lines a
large quantity of - California mall now
carried ' by the Santa Fe limited train
No. 3,- and probably a large quantity of
Washington mails for the Sound country
now carried by the Great Northern and
the Northern Pacific ; companies. , The
compensation for carrying these mails
will amount to $2,000,000 or more during
the four years. t /
VICE PRINCIPALS, ARE
APPOINTED BY BOARD
Three Assignments Made to
High Schools and Two
Resignation^ Accepted.
The Board- of Education yesterday
created three vice principalshlps of
high schools, assigning Mrs. Mary Prag
to the Girls' High School, Dr. John J.
Gallagher to, the Lowell High School
and J. B. Sykes to tlie Commercial High
School. The vice principals appointed
will assume the duties of their new po
sitions at the beginning of the spring
term.; , '.
The board made the following assign
ments: : -\u25a0\u25a0'_
W. J. Stack to the Engll&h department of
the Lowell High School \u25a0 during the leave .of
absence of Tracy R. Kelley.
Richard W. Harvey to the department of
biology .In the Lowell High School during the
leave of absence granted to CD. Snyder.,
Miss I* F. Fteese to assume charre of pen-,
manshlp . In the eighth and ninth grades In
the Lincoln . evening \u25a0 school In addition to her
duties at the Commercial Evening High School..
Mrs. B. : Davis: to be Janltress of the Burnett
Grammar ' School, vice .Mrs. ' J. Kelly, de
ceased, and Mrs. J. Cuddy - to be assistant
Janltress of the Whlttler primary school. •
Miss Annie Murphy to be yard assistant at
the Lincoln School, vice Miss Georgia Moran.
resigned. ' ' \u25a0 .
The board accepted the resignations of Mrs.
A. E. Donovan, nee Mulllns, a regular teaclmr
In the John Swett School,' and of Miss Mary
Kldder a teacher In the Garfleld School. ' •
Leaves of absence were granted to Harriet
Whlrlow. Susie Ware, Daisy B. Starr, Emllt*
Cert L. A. Ramus. ; Rachel Myer. . Tracy R.
Kelley. P. A. : Grain, C. D. Snyder and L. C.
Christie, teachers in, the~ department. ,
Free EdocatlonaT Lectures.
A course of lectures, "free to the
public,) will be given under . the au
spices of the ] educational committee of
the San Francisco Youngr Men's Chrls
tlanAssociatlon at the auditorium. Ma
son and Ellis streets, by some; of the
first educators of the coast. - The first
lecture will take place on Tuesday
evening January. 2. 1906, by Dr. J. E.
Stubbs, president of the University of
Nevada: The next In order will .be
President Jordan, ; who will speak •\u0084 on
January 12.'. 1906.' Ex-Mayor James D.
Phelan is: expected to speak on Jan
uary 26. 1906; Henry Payot. "The v Queen
of the Adriatic" . (introducing A some
moving '"pictures", Friday evening, Feb
ruary 9-1906: Fairfax Wheelan. Fri
day! evening, February 23, 1906;: March
9 "1906, -Prof es-sorsDunlway, professor
of history, Stanford University, "Con
fessions of a History Professor": Fri
day evening. March 23,- 1906. Henry
Payot, :"A World's Shrine" \u25a0 (Illustrat
ed). • Complimentary 'ticketa for the
entire course will be Issued.
Svrtndlerx Continue Their} Work.
• V'Thetwo men' who have been -swin
dling storekeepers for. weeks have been
again > heard -i from. - -They engaged \ a
room .;at[B4B.iFllbertr street on Wednes
day afternoon j and ordered from • Stulz
Brothers'? grocery at 523 '\u25a0\u25a0. Montgomery
avenue^ liquor-, and; groceries; of \u25a0_ the
value of ' $S 20 tobe sent "c* o. d." When
the> driver delivered ;= the: goods i he \was
given 1 a check for^s2s, which. he, took to
the^storeXto^beVcashed.' When; he re
turned ,'the . men r had {disappeared . with
the T goods and < the , check was ; found ; to
be\worthless. " i They : had , previously
trled-thd;same !trick s 6niG.' Leopold, 434
Montgomery avenue, .but hetrefused to
leave ' the goods i without : the . cash.
Keainy and Setter Streets *+
Ladies' Tailor Suits to Be .
Closed Out
\ The heavy Deceml ;r trade has left us with but a limited
amount of tailor-made garments. As we have planned to
show new goods very soon we wish to close out our present
stock; hence these immense reductions. , *£•
Please remember that these suits are th* season s most
. up-to-date models. The styles are long coat, eton and jacket
'" effects ;' garments of broadcloth, serge, panama, Scotch mix-
> tufes and other popular materials.
t \ Suits that were $22.50, now. 1J1'52
. ' Suits that weres3s.oo, n0w....... **"*l?s'ca
\u25a0 Suits that were $40.00, now ' $27.50
: Suits, that were $45.00, now • $35-00
Suits that Were $55.00, now $42-50
Ladies' Rain Coats Worth $20.00
These garments are made of rain-proof material which
we guarantee . to shed water absolutely. The models are
stylishly cut and excellently tailored: wide stitched collar and
cuffs, full pleated back with belt effect; regular $20.00 value,
special now at $13-75-
Figured Flannelette - Towel Sale
be a yard oc eacn
Fancy figured j flannelette, 27 Linen mixed huck towels; size
inches wide; . light, medium and 27x32 inches; with hemmed ends;
dark colors; in a large assort- some of the towels are plain
ment of patterns and colorings; white, others have colored bor-
suitable for ladies' waists, kimo- ders; good towels for hotel or
no's and children's garments. Spe- home use. Regular I2 l /zc value,
cial price now, 8c a yard. Now, Oc.
. Eiderdown Flannelette T .. rhim3<sk
_ •. . a lit 44c a yard
German eiderdown flannelette; ~~ J
warm, fleecy goods; in light and Irish table damask, 58 inches
medium colors; several patterns, wide; two kinds — one full bleach-
styles and colors from which to ed material, in a good assortment
select; suitable for kimonos, of very choice patterns; the other
wrappers, bath robes, etc., or for heavy unbleached material, of
children's wear. Regular I2j^c good wearing quality; variety of
?nd 15c qualities. Now, lOc a different patterns. Regular 50c
yard. value. Now, 44c yard.
Closing Out Underwear for Men
Ladies and Children
We are closing out certain lines of underwear for ladies, men
and children. Some of the "underwear has been sold out to the ex-
tent that we only have broken sizes and odd colors left; other gar-
ments were slightly soiled, having been used for window display. Be-
cause of these facts you will see that we have made liberal price
reductions, so asito^sell the goods out at once.
Ladies' merino vests, high neck Ladies' silk and wool vests;
and long sleeves; pants to match; Swiss ribbed; high neck and -short
medium weight; Jersey ribbed; sleeves; black and pink; $2.25 gar-
85c value for <»5c a garment. ments for Jpt.iJo each.
Ladies' mercerized lisle vests; Ladies' Swiss ribbed wool
Swiss ribbed; hand crocheted un ion suits; high neck and long
yokes;. white, pink and light blue; sleeves; black only; $5 suits for
$1.00 garments for <»5c each. $JJ.73 each.
Ladies!, all-wool Swiss ribbed Ladies > sUk an d -cvool Swi*s
vests; low neck and no s eeves; ribbed sui h; h n£ck and ,
natural and black; $1.25 value for slceve3; pJnk \ nA black; $
1 .»c a garment. va i uc for f 3.00 a suit.
Ladies all-wool Swiss ribbed \u0084 -\u25a0.•- ,-, 7. \u25a0'..;-/-\u25a0:
vests; high neck and no sleeves Lad* es . heavy-weight Swiss
or high neck and short sleeves; "bbed suits; high neck and long
black only; $1.50 garments for sleeves; black and pink; $7.00 val-
75c eachf ues for i? 4.50 a suit.
Ladies' silk and wool vests; Also many small lots of men's
/ Swiss ribbed; low neck and ho and children's underwear at cor-
sleeves; black and natural; $1.75 responding reductions. See the
value for $1«OO a garment. goods on display in our windows.
New Year Glove Order
If you forgot to give a Christmas present, or if you wish to re-
ciprocate, one of our glbve orders would be a very pleasing gift.
-They are put up with dainty sachet, in fancy decorated boxes, are
issued for any amount and are good at any time, in any of our thirty
departments. • •
Give a Slusleal Treat.
Jessie Maclachlan received a rous
ing reception last evening upon the
occasion of her second concert at Na
tive Sons' Hall under the auspices of
Clan. Fraser No. 78. Miss Maclachlan
delighted with her remarkable inter
pretations of the Jacobite and Gaelic
songs and John McLinden once more
proved his unexcelled ability aa a cel
list.Robert. Buchanan played piano
solos and accompanied with his usual
skill. The trio. "Auld Lang Syne," for
voice, cello and piano, at the conclu
sion of the concert was a musical treat
and a fitting farewell of the artists
to their San Francisco friends.
INSANE SALOON-KEEPER IS FOUND.—
Jerry Mahoney. a saloon-keeper of Rodeo, waa
found In a demented condition wandering about
the Mission yesterday and sent to the Deten
tion Hospital for observation and treatment.
Mahoney e-jcaped from 3t. Luke's Hospital,
where he was a patient, and for the last few
days had been roaming about the Mission.
|\ WS 'jilt People who know good beer i '
I "^ v>^S|L^Sfe when they taste it are drinking
HI j^^^SS Yosemite Beer is a rich, creamy
ENTERPRISE BREWING CO. '
i3SSSAL VEIL FALL Alameda Cotmty Agent -Ed. Fretmd i $
<JWWK&v:POiioifo\ 806 Isabella SU Oaklani'
Depaoir* .sanity to Be Tented.
Luigl Depaoll appeared in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday for arraign
ment on the charge of murdering his
sister-in-law. Catherine Depaoli. at 420
Charter Oak street, on November IS.
Attorney Splnetti asked that the de
fendant be not arraigned and that he
be sent to the detention ward at the
Central Emergency Hospital for exam
ination by the Insanity Commissioners.
The Judge made the order and con
tinued the case for tea days. During
that time Depaoll will be under sur
veillance and the Commissioners will
report to the Judge the result of their
observations.
SATS HE WAS HEXJ> UP.— Jerry William?,
residing at 692 Capp street, appeared at -.hfi
Central Emergency Hospital about 3 o'clwit
yesterday morning to have several tacerateil
wounds on bis head dressed by the physician
In charge. Ha stated that he had been held
up and beaten by a tall man and two others
near the corner of Ninth and Mission streets.