PRICE FIVE CENTS. ,
5SAN FRANCISGO,- AVEDNESQAYtmUGUS^U«- l- ) 0 -
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 77.
• ; FRESJf O. .- Aug. ". 15.-^-Sherlff Buckner ot
Kings cCounty, had ', an \ chase of four
relies, over If ences 'and' through brush after a
wild \u25a0 man ; yesterday. ' . The ' man, , when caught,
presented: a: hideous spectacle. -His clothes
were ;.a' bundle -of -fllthy rf rag 3 and his .features
were obscured by. a growth o£ long black hair.
He i bad \u25a0 been • living in : & dugout • and ; subsist
ing for weeks on fruit.
Fresno Wild Alan Captured.
Va«tt Damage Done to Iloasex nnd
.i Crop»> Hut Xo One , Hart In \ \u25a0
Storm. - '
EL PASO. Tex., Aug. 15. — A' tornado has
swept through several miles of • the. Mesllla
Valley in New Mexico and almost ruined. the
fruit crop >? In ( the section visited. *: Several
bouses were damaged. •
A tornado and cloudburst struck the Leinln
ranch, about forty miles northwest of Sander
•on, Tex. Outhouses were overturned and other
damage done. - Ho one was hurt.
, SHEBOYGAN. vwis.",? Aug.: IO-VA- free i
ride ; to"; the , LaketVie w* be^chj resort (for, ,
any.*' mother * who<iboards *• -i a>»; streetcar
with jher^ baby iis 7ofrered;,by^Manager '!\u25a0
'Gonzenbachlof lthe'street? railway. com- -'
pany-'asjan ;exp*erirn«rit- in.'humanitar- ';
ianism.' The i offer, 'holds fgood for {one '<
'day,as,ajßtarter/ ? 'v;-"; : "';.' :'.':Y\\.^ : .'- ;"...\u25a0 ]
[ .The \u25a0baby C itself j will ,be'i a \ streetcarj !
pass.';) It must be carried In , its moth"er.'B :
arms and not ; be more -than j2l years old/4 :
Bodies : to IBe . Exhumed.
-SAN rDIEGO. Aug.ilS.— The { bodies :of -four
more," ; of i the ' BennlngtonTdead are to . be \u25a0 taken
from ~< the i National •Cemetery^ at ' Point -i Loma
and "' sent ;i ea«t" to." their \u25a0' former -' homes: \u25a0;. They
are ?' those^ of i John '• McKone \ of 1 Brent \u25a0 Creek.
Michigan; S Joseph vi, Hllcher :i lof \u25a0 - .Watervllle,
Was>;;f -WllHam :Straub oI : Belolt. Ohio,*' and
Harry i F» : Saunders < of : Springfield \u25a0 Mo. ?\u25a0 . •
TOUXADO SWEEPS SI2CTIOX'
: OP SEW MEXICO . AND TEXAS
Special \u25a0 Dispatch The . Call.
\u25a0when they slipped away from him and
escaped. JWlth ' the aid of the police
Zeetz was located an hour later, but
no trace of the erirl could be found.
The would-be bridegroom declares that
he )ias hidden the girl and will* never
tell her - whereabouts until her parents
consent to tlieir marriasre.
FRESNO, Aug. 15. — Miss Mamie Lo
per, a 16-year-old hello-Kirl. employed
In the local office of the Sunset Com
pany, eloped with her 19-year-old cou
sin, Sam Zeetz, an ironmolder's ap
prentice. W. M. Loper,' father of the
maiden, overtook the fleeing couple and
\u25a0was marching them back to town
Sheboygah^ Street > Eailway^
.•-.\u25a0 Recognize s: Infants ';
v as Passes. ' -\u25a0•'
;-]._ The • Government gives / a % subsidy ; of 12,
600 S pesos r per -J kilometer.": -. The f- new'? line
will i traverse . a" rich 1 though at present . In
accessible" region! and .will | connect | the i'en
.tlre j.west coast- wlthjthe capital "of Mexico. 4
At preliminary i survey; has -V already- been
run, . and ; the ; contract'; calls ' for i the \ com
pletlon\ of \ the I entire - road > within : : seven
years ; '\u25a0 " "\u25a0"•. " '\u25a0\u25a0'.":'. .- ~ : ;- ; - ' \u25a0''\u25a0\u25a0
. CITY OF MEXICO. YAug. 15.-A con
tract has ; been signed between \thei Gov
ernment and J. A. Naulelon' behalf, of the
Southern .Pacific'; Company .£ whereby the
latter, undertakes , to construct ; a" railroad
from ' Guaymas "to ' Guadalajara, f or some
other.tgpolnt » on. the i Mexican 'Central line.
The", road | will ibe" approximately, 1250 kilo
meters ; long .- (about : 780 i miles) i and 'it will
cost $30,000,000 , to .construct.
HONOLULU. Aug. 15.— County Auditor
James Bicknell has received good news • from
E. B. McClanahaa at Suva, «taUng that the
British High, Court ot th* Western Pacific had
decided t he case in which liicknell. the Greiss
and - others were interested, in favor of Bick
nell. The decision held that Bicknell was en
titled to on*-half of F? wiles and .Washington
islands In fee simple. The action was brought
to settle the title and interesta of the various
claimants to those Islands. McClanahan went
to Suva to represent BickaelL
The new semi- Kins <** the two mid- Pacific
Islands wears his honors modestly. In fact.
he said that he did not • kno-.v how much his
heritage was worth. . .
\u25a0 "The only product of the Islands Is copra,"
he said, "but that Is pretty plentiful, as tho -^
cocoanuts gtve good, crops. The .Canadian-
Australian cable has a station on Fanning
Island, but I do not think any, on* wu paid -
anything fortae »lt».'*
One-Half of Fanning; and Washington
In the Paetilc Aw u riled to
v Honolula Official.
Special Cable to The Cail and New York Her
. --, aid. Copyright, • 1805. ; by, the New York
Herald Publishing-, Company." .'-'".-.-^
Escape From Stern Parent
After Their Elopement
Had Been Spoiled.
-BABES
RIDEFREE; ON; CARS
MADE A-V ISLAND KI.VG
BY DECISION OF COUUT
PAPA IS OUT\^TTED
BY A LOVESICK PADt
To Construct- Linje Through
- Eich'Se'etion With; Aid '
of Subsidy.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
:T0 BUILD IN MEXICO
ISLAND.^I^L^Aug. . ( 15.^— The
steamship /NewShoreham Iwhlle jentejS
Ing" the ;harbpr^to*-day*on. her "trip", from
Providence \wlthiloo < ; passengers s struck
a sunken" wreck, and.-after; an .exciting
run-.for^.the- dock,; sank" to "the V main
deck 'justas'shV ran alongside the. pier.
The** passenger's \were 'able • to i land _o yer
the? gang jPlank. :,v: ,v .>. V-. •. .-. .. \u25a0;
..: The vcollisloni.-.rlpped.-. open .; a - ; hole
several : feet * wide -in /the » vessel's', bot
tom, but'riotwithstanding;the steady In
'ruslf; of^; the .'.waiter, - the'*men", headed 1 by
Chief. Engineer; John; Quinlan, -stuck to
their .'posts*. When ithe* steamship was
: within; 100 yards of the 'dock' the water
'putroutithe'flre's!; J ' ~\'.} • v ". / '.'',- :
: : BUFFALO, ! Aiig-'il S.^The .; steamship
Idlewild; carrying '20J)^women and chil
dren"; tossed^ about - r on
La ko ' Erie" VV f or^ five"? hours. In the ' high
windf which' blew/all 'day. -When;' off
WlndiniU;! Point Uhe'irudder; broke. \The
steamship 'was.fbrought^lnto ; pbrti by
tugs, Jj vrh Ie h ;\wer c.> sunimon ed b/i' per
sons roh,*: shore^who^saw,* her. ' distress*
The * falling smokestack-*endan
gered ! thel lives tofjmahyjand'a'. number
of , women; were ; landed; in T . a- hysterical
condition.^-. : *^ ;:.'>>*.-}. \';- '. : ',l:''-"/ : .;'J;Z: t
• If- Tapeley gives similar signs. Air.
Meury .will; appear.) before -the Legis
lature next -winter "and ask for the
abolition ;of« capital .punishment.
\ Mr.^Meury^. con tends . there Is con
sciousness'after*; the 'body of 'the •con
demned iinau : leaves the^platform. He
declares that Genz, who was , hanged
in Jersey City four years ago.;for the
murder, "of. Clara ; Arnim in Hoboken,
agreed to ; signal with his thumbs after
the- trap was 'Sprung. Mr. Meury told
this to .the .witnesses of the execution
and -they; watched for signs. According
to - the , clergyman • tne ; murderer gave a
signal , as^he, was suspended, thus.prov
ing, ;says iilr. , Meury,' that Genz, was
'conscious/ although »his neck was bro-
Jersey" City on; * FrldayT This will be
the eighth execution the clergyman has
attended..''. . •-' :
' NEW;YORK,_Aug.-15.— T0 strengthen
his < argument against 'capital punish
ment," the Rev.', Emil . A. Meury, pastor
of the* Secand' Ref drin. Church of Jersey
City,., will .witness the execution of
Edward Tapeley, a "negro wife mur
derer,. in , the; Hudson \u25a0 County jail at
Special \ Dispatch to The' Call.
Special Dispatch r to " The CalL
Word of the plot reached the officers
of the Dogali before the men returned.
The ; attempt to get* the sailors, to de
sert their colors greatly excited the
officers and all the banqueters were
placed under arrest the minute they
stepped aboard the vessel. There will
be" a rigid inquiry. whenthe Dogali'ar
rives home.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15. — Alarmed by
efforts to Induce the sailors of the Ital
ian cruiser Dogali, which has been
anchored off Fort Lee, to desert, the
Italian Minister of Marine cabled Cap
tain Capomaja , yesterday to .take his
vessel from New York immediately. "
On Sunday night the, non-commis
sioned officers and sailors of the ? ves
sel were tendered a banquet by the
Italian Socialistic Union of Greater
New York. ; At the dinner slips of. an
archistic literature Avere \u25a0 pushed- into
the hands of ;the guests/ The men who
circulated the> slips acted, mysteriously:
and endeavored XO: keep their identity
secret. They told the. guests not ; ; to
look at. the slips for an hour. This In
junction.was not heeded and the sailors
found a message on -each piece of
paper begging them to desert the ship
and take up a residence l in, this coun
try. Thenotes pointed to the example
set by the sailors on the Kniaz Po
temkine at Odessa. v,.v . '. .•
Pal^eng!^^
at -at Rhode
; ; ;:islaH Port.
In* Search of Argument
Against Capital
'. Piinishmeiit.
Try to Persuade Italians to
* Leave Cruiser Dogali^
at New York.
NETV YORK. Aug. 15. — la John D.
Rockefeller seeking to emulate the ex
ample of Andrew Carnegie in trying to
avoid dying rich?
The Standard Oil Company declared a
dividend of $8 a share to-day. This
amounts to, a total of $6,000,000. of
which * Rockefeller's - , portion will be
$2,400,000. In the past. three" months he
has given away at least $11,500,000. or
59.000,000 more than he will receive
from Standard Oil. He is also consid
ering a $50,000,000 gift to the Univer
sity of Chicago if he has not already
decided upon the gift.
:in all Rockefeller will probably r«
ceive $16,000,000 this year as his shar*
of Standard Oil. If his other invest*
ments yield him $10,000,000 his total
income will be $26,000,000.
He ha 3 given away a total of 514.
000,000 so far in 190 a. If he makes tho
$50,000,000 gift to the Chicago Uni
versity the total will be $64,000,000 for
the year, or about two and a half times
his Income. Should this .come to pass
Rockefeller; for the first time in his life
would be poorer at the year's end than
he was at its beginning.
SOCIALISTS URGE \
SEAMEN TO DESERT
' "Noshotsjwereflred, but -those three
had a narrow escape," > said 1 President
Moffltt. "There -were, ho women tpres
erit.". . .' \u25a0 : "-*"> i* \u25a0/\u25a0;-;. \u25a0\u25a0_.--*
OAKLAND, Aug. 16.— There was ex
citement at the club rooms of the Oak
land Wheelmen at an early hour this
morning. Some people say | that pistol
shots and women's screams were foi
tures of the hubbub, but the five mem
bers of the club present deny this." "
At any rate Larry Fltzsimmons, > C.
Adams and G. Arbell were chased out
on to the back porch of the club build
ing by" President A.'; BlMoffltt and Tony
Ambrose. ' It is admitted- that; the 1 two
last named • held revolvers, "but" they,
declareno shots "were fired. : \
The story given g out is 1 that . Fitz
simmons, Adams and Arbell were play
ing billiards and* ran out on the back
porch when' Sloffltt ;and Ambrose" en
tered. These, two,: thinking; the "others
were burglars, pursued with drawn re
volvers.
."It is a " pleasure ;to ! deal , with V Mr.
Field," said' one lot >. the j taxing • officials.
"His '- complaints -are . few- and -when .'he
does "utter>a'.compla.lntjthere /always Js
just ground- for '.if } He 1 is* riot one ".of
those ;,who ; deem Jit , a ;of . good
business : : to 'escape^ paying? their;, full
share ;_pf '« taxes. \u25a0 He ;wants_to be • fair
and square: with the ; people. >; He does
his Jfull .duty ;and^he iis-to" be allvthe
more admiredjjor it." \u25a0'"-'- .-; :
There are • those who 7 declare that
Field, were he to* realize I full value on
his possessions, could ;slgn: his check for
$200,000,000.f - .The ;more .conservative,
however," estimate ?hls* wealth at * be
tween $100,000,000* and-v 5150,000,000;
Nobody ibut Marshall 1 Field knows < how
rich "Marshall- Field : considers himself
to be. .. ;-\u25a0;'\u25a0;'.\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.'.,.:•:\u25a0 .V.v.-V"'. : \u25a0
CHICAGO. Aug.. 15. — The .contribu
tions ; of Marshall Field ' to the-; public
coffers of Cook .County this" year were
announced, to T day ; by the Board-of;Re
view. : Field < wijl : pay ; taxes on: a.' real
estate valuation of 530,000,000 and, on a
personal ; property. 1 valuation '; of ' $10,
000,000. Unllkc Vv mahy-of ! the wealthy
citizens of "Cook 'County, ; "who appear
to think the system of taxation -"Is
without falrne's3~~:ahd";' Justice, \u0084 Field
quietly, meets his obligation -without
even "so" s much as >'a "murmur of-objec
tion, unless \he has ;been ' made » the sub
ject of a'flakraht" in justicevl^
Gifts for Year Likely
, to Exceed His
Income.
Special ; Dispatch to' The Call.
"The purpose of our meeting in Brus
sels Is for the firm consolidation of the
little people, so that we will be united
in our struggle with the English em
pire. We are for war and the English
feel that the conflict is coming and
know that the visit of 'Judas* Chamber
lain to South Africa had but the one
effect of stirring the Boers up to fierce
antagonism."
Diwall was born In South Africa and
educated in the German universities.
He is regarded as Kruger's successor.
The members of the Afrikander Bund
have been makers of history. Said Dr.
Diwall:
DENVER, Aug. 15. — Dr. Epke Diwall,
prjvate secretary of the late Oom Paul
Kruger, President of the Transvaal re
public, who Is In Denver," en route to
Brussels, Belgium, to attend the meet
ing of the Afrikander Bund next month,
says the Boers were not whipped, that
the coming meeting is for the purpose
of consolidating opposition to English
rule in the Transvaal, that the Boers
are still for ivar/and that an uprising
Is inevitable. Dr. Diwall does not at
tempt to fix a date, but says he expects
to see the struggle^ for liberty, and
that the motto of the Afrikander Bund
is "South Africa for Africanders, with
one great republic of the United States
of South Africa, from the Zambesi to
Capetown, and from ocean to ocean."
Special Dispatch to Th« C«.;i
VESSEL GOES
DOWN AS IT
REACHES DOCK
PASTOR MAKES
A STUDY OF
EXECUTIONS
Affair at Wheelmen's Club
Is Given Garnish-
SAY WOMEN'S SCREAMS
AND SHOTS RANG OUT
Secretary of Kruger Tells of
the Plans of the South
WALTER SANGBR PULLMAN, LAST. OF THE EONS OF THE LATE GEORGE M.
V \u25a0 PULLMAN" - THE MULTI-MILLIOXAIRE CAH-UUILDER. -~ WHO DIED LAST
NIGHT FROM INJURIES RECEIVED BY -BEING THROWN FROM A BUGGY.
Chicagoan Said to Meet
Obligations inttheV
Best Spirit.
BOEKS PREPARING
TO WAR OX ENGLAND
ROCKEFELLER
MAY ENDEVOR
TO DIE POOR
Half an hour afterward a policeman
arrested the man, who said he was Fred
erick S. Rivers. He pleaded guilty and
was held in $2000 bail for grand larceny.
"I had to laugh," he said, "when I en
tered the vestry. Father Mulvey was
telling the man stories and trying to
make him understand it was wrong to
enter a church and take the sacred vest
ments.", ;
Between threats to knock the burglar
unconscious if he moved, Father Mulvey
told him the evil of his ways and related
stories of his own priesthood life. Mean
while Father Mealia ran several blocks
for a policeman. After half an hour
Father Mealia hurried back to the
church.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— Holding a big
cotton hook, which he had obtained after
a fight, over the head of a negro, Rev.
William Mulvey kept the man a prisoner
for more than an hour and a half in the
vestry of the Roman Catholic Church of
St. Edward in Brooklyn early this
morning. Meanwhile the rector, Rev.
James F. Mealia, lightly clad, searched
the streets for a policeman. Finally a
milkman got one for him twelve blocks
away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lectures Culprit as He Holds
Him Until Policeman
Arrives.
PASTOR PKEACHES
SERMON TO ROBBER
If President Roosevelt follows cer
tain advice which, has been "given him
there will be no reciprocity treaty
with . Germany. . The German; Govern
menti which has given notice that it
will next spring terminate its "most
favored nation" treatment of all coun
tries which do not make commercial
concessions 'for. German products, is
anxious for a reciprocity^treaty". There
are grave doubts that the United States
Congress will ratify any new trade
treaty with Germany. .
The conference purports to be non
political. The prime mover in it is
former Senator Harris of Kansas, a
Populist.. It has been, announced that
the keynote of the session would be
President '.MeKinley's last 'speech at
Buffalo, in which r he declared I "the
period of excluslveness-is pust.'Jjl . \u25a0,* \u0084'•
'- , About 1 a' week "ago .the promoters of
the affair charged"that- ofSclalsiof^the-
Government wereindifferent toward the
conference and. that'- even '.-President
Roosevelt was" adverse/to* receiving, a
formal j invitation, ,to wlilch , he .would
have to make a -formal reply. An ef
fort was ; made to get Secretary Wilson
of the Department of Agriculture and
Secretary Metcalf "of the j Department
of Commerce and Labor to attend, but
they declined. . .
Should a foreign Government like
Germany enter upon a tariff war with
the United States, because of the con
tinued maintenance of a high tariff, the
meat, export trade and _ the commerce
abroad in American agricultural ma
chinery would be the first interests
hard hit. , This Is said to explain their
interest in the reciprocity conference. .
CAM, BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— That the beef
trust aad the International Harvester
Company are defraying raostt of the ex
pense of . the -.reciprocity conference
which will be held in Chicago to-mor
row and the next day In a statement
vouched for in -high quartern- here. It
is declared that positive Information
has been ; received that much of. the
needed funds for the< gathering have
coiue from the o Hires of Armour & Co.
In discussing the competitive life for
leadership in society, the speaker said:
"Society Is dying out at the top: It
is a crystal maze of glass houses, where
no occupant dares throw the first stone;
the dangerous example — the academy
of divorce. Society has mothers who
are slaves to the siren calls of fashion
and frivolity, who look more often into
their mirrors than into the faces of
their children. With a fashionable
mother gadding about at social func
tions and a fashionable father at his
club, the jesult will be that within a
decade the question of the neglected
children of the rich will become as
great a social problem as that of the
neglected children of the poor."
DETROIT, Aug. 15. — The annual con
vention of the International Associa
tion of Factory Inspectors opened here
to-day. About li>o delegates were
present. The speech of Mr. Bodie, who
Is superintendent of compulsory educa
tion in Chicago, was the feature of the
day aad created a mild sensation among
the delegates. The speaker produced
Federal statistics, covering the past
twenty years, showing thAt the indus
trial competition of women, children
and machine labor was driving the
men out of the large cities to fields
of heavy munual labor in mining and
agriculture. He declared that women
were destined to be the ruling sex in
industrialism, and continued:
"Man, like the Indian, is dying out
and being driven out. In 1890 there
were 3,&14,i<71 women who were em
ployed in g-ainful occupations in Amer
ica. In 1900 the number had increased
to 5,229,807. The britii rate of_Xemales.
is increasing and the death rote de«
creasing. It is just the reverse among
the males. We are rapidly drifting to
the age of "eternal feminine,' when
man will be a back number and forced
to return to the soil and to those fields
of labor w-here only his physical endur
ance will save him in the struggle for
eurvival."
Upon receipt of the news Sheriff
Jones started immediately for the scene
of the hold-ups, where he will arrive
by noon to-morrow, when he will get
a description of the robber from Driver
Sainswith, who will meet the Sheriff at
Ahwahnee. No further particulars are
obtainable. — - \u25a0•--.._
MADERA, Aug. 15. — Sheriff Jones re
ceived word to-night from Ahwahnee
that the Yosemite stage coach was held'
up on the road about three miles below
that place by a lone highwayman, who
compelled Driver Walter Sainswith to
get down irom the box and lined up
the passengers, from whom he took
money and valuables.
The hold-up took place about 2
o'clock this afternoon as the stage was
on its way to Raymond from the val
ley. After taking the valuables from
the passengers the highwayman or
dered the driver to continue his jour
ney and lay in wait for the up stage
and also held it up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Er-eclal Dispatch to Tb» Call.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sanger Pullman, for such was the
name he was best known by. was but
30 years of ajje- He and his brother.
George M. Jr., who died not long ago,
were twins. Together they set a pace
that startled the. world and caused
their, father. shortly before his death to
make a wilt taking: from the control
of the "fastest and- wildest twins in
the, world., their share of hl9 $10,000,000
estat£*""He'-Jeft In trust' for; them a
sum that netted each an Income of
$3000 a year. The rest of the big estate
went to Mrs. Pullman, the mother of
the boys, and their sisters, one of whom
is Mrs. Frank Carolan.
The love adventures of the Pullman
twins were numerous and sensational.
In 1899 George Pullman determined to
reform and took the gold cure. At that
time he was engaged to M 133 Fellcit©
Oglesby, -daughter of Governor Ogles
by of Illinois. He was jilted by Mis 3
Oglesby and he transferred hl3 affec
tions to Miss Lynn Fernald, who had
been engaged to his brother Sanger.
He died shortly after their marriage.
Sanger Pullman wedded Louise Lander
"West, a San Francisco school teacher,
whose beauty had won for her a world
wide reputation. Mrs. Pullman was
with her husband when, he died. Mrs.
Carolan is in Europe.
SAN MATEO, Ac?. 13. — The injuries
sustained »y Walter Sanger Pullman,
son of the late George M. Pullman, the
millionaire car manufacturer, when ho
was thrown from his buggy near this
place Sunday afternoon caused his
death to-night at t.*e Pullman home at
Belmont. Early this morning It was
given out by the attending physicians
that the unfortunate young: man would
recover, but it was later learned that
the patient's constitution was unable to
stand the shock and that death was in
evitable. He passed away peacefully at
8 o'clock. The injury to his head
caused death.
Special Dispatch to Tfi» Can.
More Than Five Millions of
the Weaker Sex Now
Toil for Wages.
Striving for Negotiation of a
Trade Treaty With
'. Germany. .
LAST OF THE SONS
OF THE CAR BUILDER
Desperado Coolly Waits for
Second Vehicle After
Halting First.
Males Being Expelled
From Industrial
Centers.
Wife at Bedside of the
Stricken Man When
Call Comes.
Coaches To and Fi;ora
the Valley Stopped
by a Robber.
Beef and Harvester
Combines Are Back
of Movement.
PEACEFUL ENDING
OF SENSATIONAL UFE
Bear the Expense
of Chicago Con
ference.
Scientist Declares
woman Is Soon
to Rule.
Yosemite Stages
> Held Up Near
Ahwahnee.
T • A TT in*
Injury to Head Causes
Death of the Rich
Youth.
Walter S anger fyllman, the last of the sons of the late George M. Pullman, the multi-million
airecar builder^ diedjai his home in Belmont last night jrom injuries received Sunday by being thrown
from a/buggy^^Omf^^iuir sisters is Mrs. Francis Carolan. His widow was Miss Louise Lander
I West, a former San Francisco school teacher, noted for her beauty.
SAYS MAN
MUST TAKE
BACK SEAT
PASSENGERS
GIVE MONEY
TO A BANDIT
TWO TRUSTS
ADVOCATING
RECIPROCITY
WALTER SANGER PULLMAN, WHO WAS THROWN FROM
BUGGY LAST SUNDAY, DIES AT HIS BELMONT HOME.
THE GALL M^MI NEWS THAN ANY OTHER PAPER PUBLISHED IN SAN FRANCISCO
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for
thirty hour* ending' midnight. August
San Francisco and vicinity— Ffclr
Wednesday: light northerly wlni*.,
A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
THE THEATER3.
ALCAZAR— "PrInc« Otto^^S*^
ALHAMBBA— Sacred Cantata.
CENTRAL— "Land of the Midnight
Bun." V
CHUTES— Specialties. Mattnae.
COLUMBIA— "Mrs. Wlggs or th»
Cabbag* Patch."
GRANr^'XltUe Rabbi."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matlr.ee.
TTVOLI— "Rob Roy."
The San Francisco Call
FIELD TO PAY
TAXES UPON
$40,000,000- . tf \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0'-:;\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
ARTHUR POWELL. YOUNG MAN WHO WAB FOUND DYING IN HIS APART
MENT. AND WHO MAY HAVE BEEN POISONED BY ROOMMATE WHO RAN
AWAY WITH HIS WATCH, JEWELRY AND MONEY. . . . .
H Navy orders — Ensigns C P. Huff and iA. F.
8. 1 Whltten are detached from the • Wyoming
to the Pensacola, .with additional duty at the
naval training station \u25a0' at . San Francisco. •
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— Army orders-
First Lieutenant Lloyd L. R. .Krebs; assistant
surgeon, is/ relieved from duty at the Pre
sidio at Monterey and assigned to duty with
the United States transport service station at
San Francisco. Contract Surgeon H. Newton
Kierulff,' United States army, is relieved from
further , duty with the United States transport
service and will proceed to the Philippine Islr
ands on the first . available - transport. On ar
rival at Manila lie will report, to the command
ing general of the Philippines division for as
signment to duty. : Major John C. Gresham.
Inspector general. • will proceed to San Fran
cisco and take a transport on about October
5 for the- Philippine Islands and on arrival
will report to the I commanding | general of the
Philippines division for duty. First Lieuten
ant ' Wilson T. \u25a0 Davison, . assistant surgeon, - is
relieved from duty at the United .States army
General Hospital' at the Presidio at San Fran
cisco and will proceed to the presidio at Mon
terey, ,where he will report to the commanding
orfice. for temporary duty and by letter to the
commanding general of the Department of
California. \u25a0• >. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0<:•'\u25a0' v : - :
ARMY AND NAVY ORDERS,
The picture buyers were confined to a limited
number of .subjects. A glance through our
art gallery will reveal such a profusion of pic
tures that it makes it seem bewildering. Oils,
pastels, water colors, famous * reproductions
In sepia, black and white and gray— plain and
severe \u25a0 effects. .- We Invite your Inspection.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Twenty-Five Years Ago
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15. — In response
to published charges that officials of
the United States Geological Survey
have used information belonging to the
Government for the benefit of the Min
ing World, a magazine in which certain
members were said to hold stock. Di
rector Charles D. Walcott to-day tele
graphed to Acting Director H. C Rlzer
an' explanation from Drummond, Mont.,
where he is In Vamp. The explanation
follows:
Mail and newspaper clippings were received
by me In camp August 11. The Geological
Survey or Its members has not and does not
own or control the Mining World. No Informa
tion has been sold or given in advance of gen
eral publication to any Journal or individual, to
mv knowledge. The request to nominate com
petent writers for the Mining World, made to
Dr. Day for the purpose of making It a first
class mining journal, was approved by the
director, subject to- the regulation that the
Mining World was to be treated exactly as all
other Journals in all matters pertaining to the
survey. A fraction of the stock of the Mining
World was subscribed for as a purely private
matter by some members of the survey. Pop
ular • articles based on technical papers first
published by the survey have the approval of
the director, whether written by members of
the surrey or others.
All information and Illustrations ar« as free
to the outsider as to the survey, members. The
director ba« the most cordial relations with
the editor of the Mining: Engineering Journal
and Invites criticism from '\u25a0 this and other
sources, as constructive criticism Improves the
service. If any one has evidence of wrong
doing or Injudicious action on the part of any
members' of the survey, the director aska that
It be sent to the President, the Secretary of
the Interior, the chairman of the committee
appointed by the President to Investigate th«
business methods of the uovernment. or to the
director. CHARLES D. WALCOTT.
DISCRI3IINATE AGAINST .
•'\u25a0 LUMBER FROM AMERICA
Government-Controlled German Rail*
roada Impose Unreasonable
• " Frelsht Rates.-
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— Although the
subject has figured for several years past In
the diplomatic exchange* between America
and Germany, renewed interest is being: taken
by the State j Department | in the- representa
tions made to the German Government In be
half cf the American ] lumber exporting trade
relative to alleged discrimination by th« Gov
ernment-controlled German railroads against
American lumber. \u25a0 Kmbassador i Tower • has
been .. instructed to inform the German Gov
ernment that, as the United States makes no
discrimination .between 'countries in the Im
position of customs - duties, American Imports
into Germany should be treated in the same
manner.
The Germans are stated to have drawn what
the lumber exporters \u25a0 regard as. a purely fan
ciful line of difference between standard
American and European hardwoods as a basis
for imposing much higher railroad ' rates on
the former.
FLORISTS OF AMERICA
.' HOLD ANNUAL-COXVESTIOX
Over Two Thousand Persons Attend
the Session } In the National
Capital.
WASHINGTON. Aug.* 15.— Approximately
2500 persons, including delegates and friends,
are in Washington attending the twenty-first
annual convention and exhibition of . the So
ciety \u25a0of American Florists and Ornamental
Horticulturists. ! which began to-day. The Ini
tial meeting was held this afternoon. Presi
dent James C. Vaughn was presented with a
gavel, the head of which is made of magnolia
grandlßora \u25a0 from a tree planted by General
Washington in 1799. the year of his death.
The handle is of magnolia from a tree planted
by General Lafayette.
Walter J. Bell, . Los Angeles, electro-fluid
pressure switching mechanism: Pierre Bouer
nl "Weaverville, mining, sluice; Lincoln - Brodt,
West Berkeley, door mechanism and rail bor*
Ing machine; R. Collins. San •Francisco, lino
type mouthpiece; William S. Cook, San Jose,
plow attachment; F. H. Ensign, Los Angeles,
car signal: O. C. Hanson, Eureka, saw han
dle; Lee W. Harpham, San Francisco, game
beard;- Marshall C. Harris, San Francisco,
suction dredge; Wilfred R. Hill, Sacramento,
ambulance end vehicle loading device; Henry
L. Jessen. Oakland, explosive, engines; Viga
L.' OgidnJssen, sectional eenterboard for ves
sels; Boss M. Philips, Los Angeles, motor car
riage; Harry M. Perkins. Los Angeles, bicycle
saddle; . Earl \u25a0H. Richardson, Ontario, ' combi
nation flatlron and stove; Allan C. Rush, Los
Angeles, injector burner: John G.- SJoberg,
Oakland, clamp; Frederick A. Tobler. Los An
geles, combination pastry knife: Edward A.
Weil. Sacramento, railway rail JolAt: Reaster
E. H. Wurdisch, San Francisco, dump wagon.
Arthur I* Beagel has been appointed rural
carrier for Santa. Rosa, CaJ. ; James H. Elder,
substitute. The department .will ' discontinue
rural route No. 2, at Palms, Los Angeles
County, from September 14, and transfer the
route to Los Angeles. \u25a0
The following patents were Issued to-day to
Califofnians
WASHINGTON; Augr. 15.— The Comptroller
of the Currency ha* . approved * th» - application
to organize the National Bank of the . Pacific
at San Francisco, capitalized at $30,000. James
H. Swift, W. J. Bartnett,-" T. O. Sadlcy,
Thomas A. Haven and Allen Griffiths are the
directors. ' •' " \u25a0 ' "\u25a0'-':
National Bank of the Pacific Soon to Be
Opened \u25a0In San Fran
cisco. '
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Director of the Geological
Survey Makes Denial
\u25a0*of Graft,
WALCOTT ANSWERS
PRINTED CHARGES
Hearings have been held in various
sections of " the country and not infre
quently have changes in the schedules
been made for the announced purpose
of remedying alleged abuses. Combi
nations of railroads and private car
lines have prevented any wholesale
regulation of : these rates. Charges of
discrimination against small shippers
have poured in on the commission for
a number of years.
The commission "alleges further that
the charges published jointly by the
refrigerator lines and the railroads for
the refrigeration of fruits in certain
specified territories are unreasonable
and unjust and in violation of section 1.
The territories described include Indian
Territory, Texas, ; California ' and
Kansas. \u25a0 •
. The railroads and, refrigerator lines
are made respondents in. the proceed
ings, which require that specinc an
swers to the allegations. be made to the
Interstate Commerce,' Commissi6n by
September i.E. Mt; is.charged, that by
way of rebates or other devises the re
frigerator lines are acting for the rail
roads as authorized agents, and the
railroads, "acting through the refrig
erator lines, are collecting and receiv
ing for* the refrigeration of fruit and
vegetables lower rates for some ship
pers than they are contemporaneously
receiving for, similar service rendered
to other, shippers. This is held to be
in violation of sections 2 and 3 of the
act to regulate interstate commerce.
Another charge is that failure and
neglect to publish at shipping stations
and file' with the Interstate Commerce
Commission the rates and charges im
posed for the refrigeration of fruits
and vegetables, constitute a violation
of section 6 of the. interstate commerce
act.:"., '.[:\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0''
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.—The,Inter
state Commerce Commission, on. its own
Initiative and as a result of complaints
against private car lines, to-day'unex
pectedly began an' investigation of. the
relations 'of railroad and refrigerator
lines, both of which, it is charged, are
violating the act regulating; interstate
commerce In several specified particu
lars. , The: complaint is directed against
the Armour Car.'Line; the American Re
frigerator Transportation Company, the
Santa Fe Refrigerator Despatch and
eleven railroads, including the Atchi
son, -Topeka • and • Santa -Fe and the
Southern Pacific.
The acting Secretary decided- that the res
ervation was authorized only If "necessary to
conserve and protect the water supply. ami
requested the President to release them from
reservation, which was done to-day by suppl«
mental proclamation.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— The Presi
dent has modified his proclamation, of
the -3d instant, withdrawing from en
try certain lands in the Uintah Indian
Reservation, and has restored about
85,000 acres. Following Is the Interior
Department's statement of the action:
' The act of March 3. 19C5, provides "that, be
fore the opening of the Uintah Indian Reserva
tion, the Bresident may eet apart and reeerve
any reservoir site or other lands necessary to
conserve and protect the water supply for the
Indian* or for general agricultural develop
ment." Accodingly, the United States Geolog
ical Survey, after due investigation, made a
report to the Secretary of the Interior, recom
mending that certain described lands, covering
over 200,000 acres, Including a large quantity
of \u25a0 agricultural lands, be reserved under ' saiu
provisions of law. Upon this recommendation
the acting Secretary of the Interior requested
the President to issue his proclamation mak
ing such reservation, and accordingly the Pres
ident issued his- proclamation of August 3, lOCS.
Subsequently complaints have reached tne
department that the said agricultural lands
properly should not be included in said reser
vation. Mr. Ryan, the acting Secretary, too*
the- .- subject up for further consideration ana
directed the United States : Geological Survey
to n:ake a' supplemental report, stating spe
cifically whether the reservation of these ag
ricultural lands was necessary for the con
servation and protection vt a water supply.
This supplemental report has been made and
shows that the reservation of these lands la
not necessary for that purpose, but that they
were lpcluded in the surveys original report
en the assumption that the act authorized their
reservation for "agricultural development,
which was specifically stated in it.
Reservation of Tract to
Conserve Water Supply
Found to Be Unnecessary
Inquiry j Mo' Relations of
and Mm
WiH Extend ;to California
WITHDRAW BY ERROR
TO END DiSGRIMIXATION
Interstate Commerce Board
; Begins Investigation of
% Refrigerator- Car Concerns
President's Supplemental
.Proclamation Adds 85,000
Acres to Homestead Area
ICING CHARGES
TO BE PROBED
REOPENS UINTAH
LAND TO ENTRY
YOUNG MAN DIES IS ROOM
AND MURDER IS SUSPECTED
SIXTY-TWO N EW
CASES OF FEVER
STUDENTS HEAR
NOTED LECTURER
Arthur Powell, Son of Wealthy Parents,
Supposed to Have Been Poisoned, y
Sir Patrick Manson Talks at
Cooper College on Some
3lore Tropical Diseases
Half a Dozen Deaths Added
to the Heavy Toll Exacted
by Disease in New Orleans
ARRIVAL OF GUITERAS
ILLUSTRATES \u25a0\u25a0 SUBJECT
Lantern Slides Are Used
to Show Character of
Germs in ;Many Stages
Cuban Expert Reaches the
Stricken City to Aid in
Conquering Yellow Jack
Sir Patrick Manson gave the second
and third cf his series of lectures before
the students of Cooper Medical College
jesterday. The subject for the morning
was "The Guinea Worm," and for the
evening "Parasitic Blood . Spitting."
Many members of the medical fraternity
of, San Francisco were present to listen
to the remarks of the famous pathologist.
The morning lecture was a further il
lustration of the distribution and effects
of. tropical , djseases,. this. being, the title
under which all of the lectures are to
come. Sir Patrick said in part:
The diesemlnatlon of diseases depends, not on
the condition of the human b'Xly, but on the
physical circumstance the paras. te encounters
In passing trcm one' human body to another.
The distribution of the parasite depends upon
the egg after entering ihe human body, the
conditions of the propagation being high tem
perature and moU tare.
Another condition lhat certain tropical dis
eases demand tor culture Is the presence of
sine animal to enable them to pa«s from th«
embryotlc cute to a more fertile field. These
germs must of necessity be fostered In tropical
climates. The guinea worm is used to Illus
trate this because the process by which this
worm gets rid of its young applies in this in
stance. The young cf the guinea worm, after
escaping from a body into water, enters a
crustaceous form ana unccrgoea a decided
change in order. to re-enter another body to
start on another rampage against health.
Parasitic blood spitting was taken up
in the address given in the auditorium in
the evening, and was dealt with in the
same style characteristic of- the previous
lectures by the noted man of research.
He profusely illustrated his address on
the disease, that resembles consumption,
yet is distinct in be.'ng of different origin.
Sir Patrick told of the small parasite
that enters the system of some animals,
but never of the animals of America, be
ing confined to those of tropical regions,
and starts a cough and spitting. Later
the patient's condition may resemble a
consumptive's and cause death as the lat
ter disease does.
Sir Patrick was alarmed, he said, by
the spread of this germ among the ani
mals with which it comes in contact. He
said it may enter the body of a man as
Well and cause the patient to die from
its effects in a much shorter time than
animals.
Lantern slides of the many germs and
processes of development of these germs
from their embryonic state to full growth
•were given. The students and hearers
were in this way enabled to get a clearer
conception of their character.
HEAVY DEPOSITORS WARJCBD
OF AN "IMPEXDIA'G FAILURE
Favored Few Given Opportunity of
Withdrawing: Funds From a Tot- ~\
. . . . tertnBf Bank. \u0084 V. V'"!^
BUFFALO. N. V.. Aug. 15.— The books of
th» defunct German Bank, just produced by
court order lor the inspection of the creditors*
organization, show large amounts were with-!
drawn by a few depositors on the Saturday
preceding the closing of the bank an 9 on Mon
day, December 5, the day of the failure. -\u0084
It has been charged that several of the larg
est depositors were warned that the bank" was
to be closed.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 15. — The offi
cial report on the yellow fever situa
tion to 6 o'clock p. m. is as follows:
New cases 62, total cases to date 1080.
number of cases under treatment 384.
deaths to-day 6. total deaths to date
IT2, new foci 19. total foci to date 229.
Of the six deaths to-day only one
was an Italian. Among the others was
J. O. Daspit, a prominent young law
yer, and Pierre Aldal. a well-known
musician and at one time the leader
of the Krenc.i Orchestra. Aldal. how
ever, was in destitute circumstances
and was buried by the city. He was
found in a dying condition. Only a
third of the new cases to-day were Ital
ians.
The State Board of Health announces
that in the Slate outside of New Or
leans there have been to date 1-9 cases
and SI deaths. The State has contrib
uted JIO.OvO toward the Patterson
emergency fund.
Thirty-five tons of sulphur, donated
io the Marine Hospital Service to-day,
•will be distributed among the poorer
classes for a general fumigation.
The arrival of Dr. John G. Guiteras,
the Cuban yellow fever expert, was the
most Interesting feature of the yellow
fever sltuution to-day. Dr. Guiteras
loft Havana to make an inspection of
the Gulf cities in connection with the
Ouban quarantine and to offer his as
sistance in the campaign in progress
here. His previous important visit to
New Orleans was in 1897, when there
was also an appearance of yellow fever
end when the mosquito' theory had not
been determined.
A draft for J25.000 was received to
day to be put at the disposal of the
Marine Hospital Service. All the money
needed is available to carry on the
work.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Aug. 15.— The
State health authorities to-day sent Dr.
W. A. Brayton. an expert, to Craw
fordsville to diagnose the disease of a
man who arrived at Crawfordsville a
few days ago from Farce. Miss. B. M.
Hutchlngs. secretary of the Crawfords
ville Board of Health, had diagnosed
the case as that of yellow fever.
LA PORTE, Ind., Aug. 15. — Mrs. Fred
Schreve of Waterford, Ind., who re
cently returned from the South, where
her two sisters died from what was
called swamp fever, was to-day re
ported fatally ill with a disease which
her physician diagnosed as yellow
fei'cr.
VICKSBURG. Miss., Aug. 15. — Mayor
Forsythe of Monroe. La., to-day called
out a company of militia to back up a
shotgun Quarantine established by the
cltis^ns or Monroe, who were fncensed
et th« local Health Board's order rais
ing the bars a little. After calling on
the troops the Mayor telegraphed Gov
ernor Blanchard for authority to use
the soldiers, which was promptly
granted. Excitement ran high for a
time, but the trouble was averted by
the withdrawal of the shotgun brigade.
ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE'S WILL.
Boycott Making Little Headway.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— Dispatches re
ceived at the State Department J to-day from
China show that Shanghai Is the only place
where the boycott against American goods has
aerumed anything like a serious aspect. At
Carton the movement has made some head
way, tout at other points It has not been suc
cessful.
Property Left to Brethren of Church
and to Xlece.
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 15. — The will
of Archbishop Chapelle was ' probated
to-< Jay. The bequests were as follows:
All of the property, real and personal, I may
' r^sse?* at the time of my death, situated In
the State of Louisiana. I wlfl and bequeath
M the Bight Rev. Edward Fitigerald, Blchop
of Little Rock, Ark.; Right Rev. Edward P.
Allen, Bishop cf Mobfle. and to Very Rev. J.
ii. Laval, my vicar general.
. My property. r»al and perftona.l, situated in
the Territory of New Mexico, I will and be-
queath to • the Very . Right Rev. ; Anthony
Fourchlgu,' administrator of- the Archdiocese
of Santa Fe, during the vacancy of that see.
All my real and personal property situated
in the' department of Lozere, France, I will
and bequeath to my niece, Josephine Sollgnac.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, -WEDNESDAY, AUGUST. 16, 1905.
CRATER OF MAUNA LOA
AGAIN SHOWS ACTIVITY
Hawaiian Vol-nno Reported to Be Is
t : \u25a0alnK J»raoke la Vnuraally
; ' ; Large iO,uantltle«. -. v
HONOLULU, v Aug. 15. — According to ad
vices from the Island ' of Hawaii, j the summit
crater of Mauna Loa is showing signs of ac
tivity, Mokuaweow«'o being "' reported to b«
smoking to an unusual .' degree. \u25a0 The 3 summit
crater of Mauna Loa. Is generally dormant and
whenever It shows' any signs of activity I the
fact Is usually taken aa an indication of an
extended erujition. • -/ '. ' ' ."
Mokuaweoweo broke out nearly two years
ago and sent a vast quantity of . lava from a
nssure near the top. * Numerous parties made
the ascent then and : witnessed the activity in
the crater. •' It is not . unlikely . that • the smoke
that was Issuing last week from Mokuaweoweo
may be the herald of another outbreak of ex
tensive character.' : ' .\u25a0...;;:>'/. ' '
HONOLULU POLICE '{ WATCH v .
FOR EX-MAYOR i BELCHER
Paterson, ~S. J., Embexiler Believed to
Be a Paticnger on the
...' Liner Sonoma.
' HONOLULU. Aug. 15.— Th« police will
watch ' the steamship Sonoma, which is '\u25a0\u25a0: dv*
to-morrow,; for | ex-Mayor. W. : H.v. Belcher, the
Paterson (N. ' J.) \u25a0\u25a0 embesrler.Y . j'Actlnc > Governor
Atkinson received -a cablegram f rom '. New \ Jer
sey, asking - that action be | taken \u25a0 here jto ap
prehend Belcher. *- It Is believed ' that ex-Mayor
Belcher is en route to Australia. , - . <';\u25a0"•:•<,-
There is : considerable ' question ; here as to
whether the authorities '\u25a0 will % be \u25a0 able 'to hold
Belcher, even If he lis a ; passqnger -: on the
steamship;'as there Is no one ] here i who | would
be able to. Identify s ; hlm. ,'[ It is . believed ; that
Belcher :' could obtain 'his >elease'by means or
habeas corpus 'If arrested.' J
" LONDON')! Aug. 1 5.— The > British \u25a0-- channel
squadron," : consisting i ol ''- eleven ;? battleships,;
eight' cruisers and' a flotilla of torpedo boats,
under. the command or Sir Arthur.. Wilson, sail
ed - from : : Spithead " to-day ';; bound * \u25a0•; for '"" the
Baltic : Sea/.. Durinsr; the crulee;' the" squadron
win .visit -Yauiden, ; Graa t»eep,"Swinemund and
Kuafahrvi'Bssar \u25a0:.-\u25a0-,'•,.-\u25a0, .-'. .-•'/ : i ., > -\u25a0
The murder^, theory \u25a0 is vstrongly ,.. ad
hered, to ontacc.QuntX of ; the facts de^
veloped, which', dispel ? all \u25a0 motive ; for
suicide, except that ,of, affection for; the
alleged brother.v : Powell t. was 24 years
old and worked' in trie \kitcheh of I the
Waldeck SaniJ^qrium . a ; year~ago. . He
was sometimes "a female! impersonator
in variety." snows. r^He", and his .friend
worked — the ifsunjTner^- In:' the 'fruit
orchards ncar'ilafysyille.' ' - ', '\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0 ,*'\u25a0•; :»Tf<?
• Landlord .Smith : knew .; little \ of/ his
guests. V They/ slept 1 days and^went'out
nishta. Powell told. him Monday nig-ht
Two theories' are advanced: that
Powell's roommate placed morphine,
"knockout drops," ' or'oplum in the
claret, to cover up his theft of Powell's
property, or that Powell, brooding
over the disappearanpe. of "his, alleged
brother and his money, sought relief
from his troubles In death.. The lat-,
ter theory Is weakened by the fact that
Powell was always jolly and could al
ways obtain funds from his home .In
Philadelphia. He seemed to think a
great deal of -s his roommate, however,
and often 'spoke affectionately of : him.
The two had been 'at house
since the 7th. inst:' \u25a0'->;.-'. s^. <-.v
Smith says J that while j Powell was
waiting ' for \ his' frlendjfto^come' home
he went out;tw/ce.>:ar|ce. he spoke l of
going to Sari • Jo^e^bit^laterA'returned 1 ,
having • given- UP^ . -the'^.thought. >It l he
committed suicide,- fie-< probably bought
the drug while on orie'of these,expedi
tions. The' bitter taste,? in? the wine
which Powell drank might'''haye . come
from morphine."'
Dr .Clayes says that when he reached
the house the man was gaspong his
laet^ The affair looked suspicious to
him and\he notified the .morgue and
police. The physician said: "L found
the man unconscious. His pupils were
contracted, ! his "eyes rolling
heavily. Having been called in but a
few minutes prior to his death, I was
unable to make a diagnosis,", .'While
unwilling to say that Powell died of
poison. Dr. Clayes intimated that some
drug, probably opium , or one of its
alkaloids, might have ' caused death.
"Knockout drops", might have been
employed.
MURDER ORt SUICIDE.
Landlord Smith saw no more of Powell
until yesterday afternoon, /when he
passed his. door and noticed a lamp
burning. On Investigation he found
Powell unconscious on the bed. Putting
together the story of the alleged broth
er's absence and the missing jewelry, and
money and the wine story Powell had
told him, Smith feared there had been
foul play/ Dr. W. I. Clayes of 754 A
Howard street was summoned. Despite
his efforts Powell died within a few min
utes without- having regained conscious
ness. \u25a0
"My roommate bought the wine to
day, but would not drink of It himself. I
drank 1 several times. The wine had a-pe
culiar, bitter taste, but as I am not a
judge of wine I guess it was all right."
Arthur Powell, a young man who
passed under the name of J. C. Regal,
was found dying In his room at 329 Ste
venson street yesterday afternoon. A doc
tor was hurriedly summoned, -but Powell
expired a half-hour later. Murder is sus
pected. Powell's roommate, who was
passing as the dead man's brother, dis
appeared Monday afternoon, taking with
him two gold watches, a diamond ring
and $40 in cash, belonging to the de
ceased. In the room were found a demi
john of bitter tasting wine and a large
bottle of carbolic acid." Detectives are
endeavoring to locate the missing room
mate, whose name is unknown.
Powell told his landlord," George " S.
Smith, Monday night ' after [ his alleged
brother had disappeared that the wine
had been purchased by the latter. He
said:
Mrs. Robb last saw Powell In April,
when he came to her house to, bid her
good-by, saying that he was going on
the road through Nevada with a the
atrical company.. Although she lived two
doors from I Powell [ she says she did not
know he was in town until ( she was given
his description by Smith. • Mrs. Robb
says. that the man stopping with Poweft
was not his brother, he having but one,
a middle-aged man In the East. She could
not account for Powell traveling under
an assumed name. She declares that the
dead man was extremely effeminate and
had few bad habits. Only recently, she
says, had he learned 'to drink wine. He
was in receipt of a regular remittance
from his folks in Philadelphia,
3 Detective Reagan of the Southern sta
tion worked on the. case, but failed to
come 1 to ,any conclusion .regarding the
method of death. The body was removed
to the Morgue. An analysis of the wine
and the stomach's contents will be made
by the city chemist. :
The carbolic acid that was found has
been eliminated as a factor in the unfor
tunate man's death. The-deceaaed showed
no signs of acid poisoning and the bottle
found is said by Smith to be in the same
condition as it was a week ago. Powell
used a solution of the phenol to .wash a
sore finger. •.-•\u25a0\u25a0. • V. . '\u25a0
WILL SEARCH FOR POISOX.
Powell was well connected and ,had
wealthy parents in Philadelphia. His
mother and two sisters live in that city
and are influential people. The body. was
identified by Mrs. David Robb, wife of a
restaurant cook living at 325 Minna
street. Mrs. Robb knew Powell In Mani
tou Springs, Colo., where he worked for
her as a cook. She kept the Hotel Norris
"at that place.
that. he feared his, friend, had robbed
him and seeVned uneasy at his non
appearance.'
Arthur Powell, a -well-connected young: man, .died " : under suspicions
circumstances In liW room on Minna street. 'His' rompanlon, ivho naa
posing; a* bis brother, disappeared Monday afternoon, _ taJLina -with hiru
Powell's Jtwelry and $40 In., money. -' Prior . to his departure, he bought
Powell nbnie claret.' 'The unfortunate i man drank ' the ' wine and complained
of a 'bitter taste. . His friend refused to partake *of \u25a0. the wine and disap
peared shortly afterward. Powell was discovered ,In the throes of death
yesterday afternoon ; by his landlord and died soon afterward. The police
are searching; for the roommate, whose name is unknown to them.
2
Xor attack forts with pistols — not because we could not kill
rabbits with a 1 2-inch gun, for we could; and not be-
cause we could not take a fort with pistols, for that is
conceivable : — but because we try to fit our means to our
purposes— and in these instances we would have rather
In advertising we don't use a page of space to secure a fur-
nished room — nor -an^ inch of space to/fill -a- -store with
customers — not because the page ad: .would tipt secure a j
furnished room, for it would; and. not because an inch of
space could not draw a store-full of -customers, for. that
is conceivable — if we offered gold pieces to all comers;
but because we try to use publicity in a rational way.
A merchant would not expect to lease or build a big store-
building as cheaply as a small one: but it sometimes hap-
pens that he imagines he can keep the- big store full of
buyers with the same expenditure for publicity as he
would make for the smaller store. No one knows just
why the merchant is ever seized with this aberration—
but unless he quickly throws it off he finds himsel I "tak-
ing the count," with the Sheriff holding the watch.
To fill a big store, every business day, with buyers is the same
problem as that of filling the little store, or the any-
size store; the solution, in any case, being ''adequate
(Sufficient) publicity," and. incidentally*, no store
ever had this— and charm of store-keeping is partly in
the fact that no one has yet sounded its possibilities — as
no store has been advertised as fully and persistently and
aggressively and enthusiastically as it might have been.
WE DON'T HUNT RABBITS
WITH BATTLESHIPS
ADVEKTISE3IEXTS.
.\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 Only 5 12?
this — — p-
E For -either lady or gentleman. **\u25a0
F convenient size, \u25a0well built.
F blades of best razor steel.
F buckhorn handle. A satisfac-
@ tory Knife at $1.50. My «1 QA
E special price •f*.w
E STAR SAFETY RAZOR —
M Sells regularly for C 1 50
H 3".'. 00. ily price 0n1y. . . •*»*•»' v
F GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR
E —Requires neither *C QQ :
E honing nor stropping.. «\u2666»"•«>* ;
E Itmor* Ground anil Honed.
F llouiuc. — »»t"'
W Mall orders promptly filled. ;
: fi \ THAT MAN PITTS.
F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer, I
1 1008 MARKET Vl\. Opp. Fifth, i
: SAN FRANCISCO. E
"Uh MTT'^'-ir" \u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0TTTTfj
KjOj M f fnL f I J\ /"a
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF . THB
WEST.
5M Post St.. San Francisco, Cal.
, Estab. 42 years. Open entire year, day A night.
Write for circulars (free).
POLYTECHNIC
Business Collesre and School of Eimcl-
nrerlnsr. Oakland. Callfiirnln.
Great Business University of the "West: finest
building in U. S. for business college work; IW>
students: ideal climate; home influences; 100
Typing Machines. Pittman or Gregg Shorthand.
Finest Banking Offices In America— Modern.
Tuition, board and all expenses low.
Graduates secure best paying positions.
Civil, Electrical. Mining Engineering.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Will re-open for the Fall Semester' on MON-
DAY, September 4, 1005. The College of Com-
merce will b«^ inaugurated on September 5.
Send for 1905 catalogue. Fnone Main 124.
BROTHER VELLESIAN. President.
Every graduate of this college, and
many taking only partiaj courses,
have good positions. We can get
places for 500 this year. You can be
one of them. Write for Cata-
logue "A." <
San Francisco Business College
73S Mission Street, San Francisco.
YON MEYERINCK W&c
Established 1393.
841 Fulton St.. San Francisco '
Offers' all the advantages of European and
Eastern conservatories for a thorough mu-
sical education. Pupils prepared for church
and concert work and the operatlo stage.
Special Summer Course for Teacher*.
Prospectna upon application.
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
1575. GEORGE BATES, M. A.. Fndr. Xi>OS.
Collesc Preparatory Courses for Boy*
of All Ages.
Fall term onens August ZS. Catalogue by
mall. ARTHUR C. WILLARD. S. 8.. Prin-
cipal. 2310 Clay st.. San Francisco.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the onl-
verslty, law and medical colleres; la . well -
known for its careful and thorough work. Come
and be with us; we prepare you well: refer*
ences. Professor Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan building.
L. H. GRAU. Ph.D.. Principal.
Li fill 'M _y X BTTSETCSS COLLEGE,
R Iff B ] \u25a0« 1M 723 Market street. San
8.1 A A R?V \| Francisco. stroa(c <\u25a0 st
Bis a»sj ml Courses. Lowest Rates.
I"1sj L^ tttjttj Every student pleased.
LOJULmJhJm Positions for all. Busi-
ness. Shorthand. Typewriting. Write to-day
fcr new catalogue — FREE.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles
and little glrl». 21W California street. Will
reopen August T. 1005. Accredited by the
universities.
MR3. EDWARD B. CHITRCH, Principal.
DLXON COLLEGE, Oakland. Cal.
An up-to-da"te commercial school that teaches
actual business from the start and gets results.
Write for catalogue "A." First five from each
county • answering this ad will receive one
dozen cards written by our penmen.
S. MARGARET'S HALL
Full academic and College . Preparatory
Courses, as- well aa thorough Primary Instruc-
tion. Music under the direction of Masters.
For full Illustrated book address Mlm ELEA-
XOR TEBBETTS. Principal. San Mateo. CaL
.Miss '-.West's School for Girts,
2014 Van Ness avenue ' opens August 16. 1903,
Home and Day School; Kindergarten; accred-
ited by leading colleges.
. .; :-'\u25a0-\u25a0? MARY B. WEST. Principal.
HARKER-HUGHES SCHOOL
FOR GIRLS AT PALO ALTO.
College preparatory. Pleasant home life.
Music education under a pupil of Calvin B.
Cady. Accredited to. Vassar and Wellesley.
Opens Auguat 21. 1905. 1121 Bryant Street. \u25a0
MGUNT TAJIALPAIS MILITARY AGABEMY,
SAX RAFAEL. CAL.
- School Tear Begins August 16th.
Junior School Separate. \u25a0-
ARTHUR CROSBY. D. P.. Head Master.
Hilcticock Military ky&mi
SA.VJtAF.IEL
Christmas term will commence August 15.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY iCEOOL'"
San : Mateo. Cal. TrtaltT term will begla Aug.
17 1005. For catalogue address Rer. William
A. Brewer. A. B-. Rector aatl Headmaster.
BEAU LIEU
\ boarding and day school for girls: number
limited; 11 tb- year. 2601 College Aye.. Berfc-iley.
COLLEGE OF .NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boarding
student*. \u25a0 Fifty-fourth year. *Cour3»s: Cias*
steal. Literary. Scientific. Conservatory. College '
preparatory accredited. Intermed ate and Pil-
mary Classes'. : Stud.ea resumed ','i nuriday. Au-
cust 1 «. ' 19CS. :
THE PAUL GERSO.X St.'HOOl. OF
ACTING — Tfi*- largest. institution devot-
ed , exclusively to UramaUo Uarn»n< In Amer- «
lea. POSITIONS CUARAXTEETD. Pupl!3
may enter any time. Send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' building. ". \u25a0• \u25a0 - : •
WEEKLY CALL. 81.00 PEB YEAJk
?|i3JH TEe voice yd^k C^^f^ B^K % t§H-'- ;"\u25a0". MADRID.'Aug. lS^ln the; course of a con
versation 1 to-day, * Premier;. Rlos i gave i t ' to •be
understood : that = the « International Moroccan
cxinference would 'meet : at t Madrid. --\u25a0*." . ; .:--. : .. -:.
Takes Life In Cemetery.
\u25a0 SONOMA, - Aug. 15.— A\ stranger., was found
dead - this : afternoon : In ' the Catholic : cemetery,
by William wTrudgen." a" stone \u25a0 mason '-, working
In ' the cemetery. He had killed , Himself with
a revolver. \u25a0 -• ' \u25a0:.-.' ' \u25a0\u25a0^' : : -'•.\u25a0-"\u25a0' :, :\u25a0 \u25a0
Edfvard Guest of Francis Joseph.
/'ISCHL, Austria, '; Aug. 15.— King -Edward;
who Is going *to Marlenbad >to j take X the cure,
was i the I guest ; to-night t. of - Emperor ; FVands
Joseph." - The -: Emperor .* met .: King i Edward . at
Garden Gmunden and accompanied him; hither.
Covers were \u25a0 laid .: for - twenty ;\u25a0 persons at ; the
dinner. -There \*i no -.political significance at
tached "to the; meeting ;ot t the '^ two' monarchs.
Kln^ Edward '<' will ; proceed Jto Marienbad to
morrow. SlfflßSfesfe^
Your store Is a product. of your store
publicity—as surely as ; the .wheat ; crop
is the result of. seed, soil. and season, r ,
BEVILILE. Spain, Aug.: 15.'— A commission of
landed proprietors and farmers has laid before
the authorities the conditions prevailing in and
about Osuna, : In Andalusia* province. . They
estimate that there are 5000 workmen armed
with rifle*, roamjng . about the . country. .The
municipal authorities disclaim responsibility
for this condition of, affairs. .••The Jails. are'
crowded with -persons , who hare committed no
offense, but who- have given themselves-, lip • to
thp'pollce on the. pretense of having committed
a crime In order to procure shelter and l ood.V |
, . The charitable , societies have . exhausted their
resources and ; Government, action la anxiously
awaited.' - ;\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' r r ./\u25a0 "-"- ; - • ' . : -':
Ask to Be Locked Up hi Spain
in Order to Get
J}UUU.
LANDING PARTY ATTACKED.
TOKIO. Aug. 15. — Admiral Kataoka reports
that s detachment of his squadron attacked the
Russians guarding Lazarcba Point, In tbe Tar
tary Straits, on Aurust 13. Marines w«re
landed and were exposed to a sudden attack
frcm Russians who , were ' hidden In a ' forest."
The Japanese Ices was • one ' killed and four
wounded. Tha Russians were anally dis
persed. - \u25a0 . - • *..;.•».
A Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer operating
on tbe east coast of Saghalien Island attacked
the Russians holding Die telegraph, office at
Baicro en -the morning of August 13. and cap
tured eighteen men and. the telegraph ' ap
paratus. • . " \u25a0/'.
Marines In Tartar y Strait*.
Hidden Russian* Fire Upon 'Japanese
\u25a0 \u25a0 : — — ~* — : — v
RUSSIA WILL XOT YIELD.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times saya : that "an Im
portant personage" declared* to. him yester
day morning ' that if . Japan did not abandon
her demand for an Indemnity the' negotiations
at Portsmouth would be broken off this week.
Every . preparation.' be - said, had been made
for a general mobilization, with a view : to a
supreme' effort In Manchuria \u25a0In the present
year. True, the chances of victory wers dubl-
War to Continue Unless Japan With
draws Demand for Indemnity. : . .
STAKVIXG WpKJQIEN
CROWD; THE JAILS
Fuiuouh . Fitters.
Pictures need a tit as /well as people. In
correct, inartistic ideas, have spoiled many
good pictures. Our. fitters are brimful of good
liitoimation and correct conceptions concern
ing frames. You better see us— first. * San
born. Vall&: Co., 741 Market' street. :•; -
Belief That Deadlock Will Be Averted
Is Gaining Ground.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. IC— The decision
of the plenipottrtlitries at Portsmouth to waive
for the present th* article relating to Saghalien
Island and to proceed with 'the discussion of
points that > KussUi is willing to accept as a
basic .ot negotiations was received here with
r*!ief'by tli« ItusFlan puSUc generally, which
had been forewarned that yesterday's session
might end the conference.
Mr. de Witte is known to have considered a
rupture more than possible. The Russian cor
respondents on Monday night privately notified
their papers that negotiations might be ex
pected to end on the morrow, when the Russian
and Japanese plenipotentiaries locked horns
en the question of the cession of Saghalien.
The postponement of the discussion of one
of the two inlnts on which the fate of the con
ference hangs i* considered a good sign, but
not a sure ont, and the s general opinion re
mains «;ne of doubt, thougn pes-simlsm is los
ing ground as the days pass without a rupture
between the envoys.
RUSSIANS MORE HOPEFUL..
Anti-Semitic Outbreak.
I ST. PETERSBURG, -Aug. 15.—Anti-Sem
itic rioting Is reported at Byelostok, P.usslan-
Poland. The authorities there are Inactive. \u25a0
Japan Soon to Hold Kamchatka.
LONDON, Aug. 16. — The Dally Telegraph's
Tokio correspondent . says that the occupation
of Kamchatka will be shortly announced. The
garrison there consists of a single battalion.
Captain ' Bermlnsham - Back.
Supervising Inspector John Bermlng-cam ha*
returned . from an official triD to Seattle and
Portland. _. '. " ;.
Invitation for Koranra.
VICTORIA, .8.C., Aug. 15.— R. W. Scott,
Secretary of State, has invited Baron Komura
to visit Canada after the p*ace conference,
and the Japanese envoy has - accepted, if *.n
gagements will "permit. -. •.
Assassin Sentenced to Death.'
VIBORG, Finland, Aug. 15. — The court-mar
tial which has been, trying , Prokopo, the man
who shot and killed Colonel Kremanko, Chief
of Police of Vlborg." on July 21, to-day sen
tenced him to b« hanged.
JUSTICE FOR RUSSIAN JEWS.
Japanese Bombard -Korean Port.
GODZYADANI, Manchuria. , Aug. 15. — Two
Japanese torpedo-boats, to-day /bombarded Port
Hazarevo (Port Lazareff, • Korea). An at
tempt was then made to land troops/ but they
were beaten off by Russian chasseurs-
Signals Conveyed to the Engineer
Which Tell of Approaching Trains
• >} on His Track.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— The experiment made
with wireless telegraphy on engines running
over • the ' tracks of , the Chicago and Alton
Railroad have proved so successful that the
management of the road has taken steps to
equip all the engines of the company with
the . apparatus. . . .
Under the new system adopted each engine
carrying Its own wireless signal apparatus
constitutes the center of a movable block trav
eling with -the -train. Near the engineer tn
the cab -is an Indicator which keeps htm in
formed of the conditions within the blocks
where he is the center. If a train approaches
within two miles of the rear a green light
shows- on the Indicator and a warning bell
calls the attention of the engineer. If tha
train Is to the front. a red light flashes and a
bell rings. Tb«- signals are reciprocal and
the engineers on both trains receive them at
the same instant. ;, ; v.V;
Locomotives equipped j
WITH MARCONI WIRELESS I
Harsh * Action of Court-Martlal.
ODESSA^ Aug. 15.— The military procurator
has appealed against the decision of a court
martial which sentenced two boys, each 20
y-ears old, and a girl, 13 years, old. to penal
servitude for having in their possession ex
plosives. The. girl has. appealed _agalnst the
decision of a court-martial. .
Death of Japanese Official.
TOKIO. Aug. 15. — Baron Sannomlya Tcahl
tane Grand. Master of Ceremonies at tha im
perial court of Japan, died yesterday from
cancer. \u25a0 \u25a0 V ii
Russian Outposts Driven Back.
FIELJ3 HEADQUARTERS OF . JAPANESE
ARMY IK MANCHURIA, Aug. 15.— A Japan
ese reconnaissance in force, along th* line of
the railway on the Kirln road from the Chang
tuf line drove In the -Russian outposts. On
August 12 eleven Russians were killed and ten
captured in a counter reconnaissance In the
direction of Klnyton. The Russians were driven
back by the Japanese outposts.
WOOSTERI Ohio, Aug. 15.— After hav
ing been on the witness stand ever since
last Thursday, and having seen subjected
to a rigid cross-examination since Sat
urlay morning," Major Taggart's cross
examination was conculded at "4 1 o'clock
this afternoon. All of • Judge Smyser's
questioning led up to a climax, and, al
though the plaintiff was ms .match at
nearly every point and frequently made
hits, the last efforts of the Judge were
productive of better results.
Major Taggart was led to. Identify a
mass of. about twenty letters which he
had" written to' hlsvwlfelin. most abject
terms, begging that she forgive him and
again live with him. Following "are ex
cerpts from a letter written at Fort Leav
en worth:' .
I never knew, what, it . wa a to be unhappy;
In all these - years I r could see „ all day an
affection which made my . home a heav? n ! on
earth. If all the saints had come . below to
say something would come betw-een us I would
never have believed it. I humbly pray to God
that He and you will . forgive me for the part
I have taken in all this. >
And now I ask you to make our paths come
together. I am , the one to make it over again*
and- all I wish you to do is to show me the
way I have • taith in your hard. " common
sense — sense that will take you . and m* and
Culver and Tiddle* through life together. *s
I want to get down on my . knees and plead
as none has ever done for your forgiveness and
your charity. .\ . • - \u25a0'
I knew It, was my awful conduct which made
you to to California and I must make proper
amend? for your gocd. If ever a man has been
nunished for his rash acts by all the tortures
by day and night, I have suffered them.
Some cf the letters . were written In the
hospital, while the plaintiff was recover
ing from ; the ~ shock of separation. In
another letter he says:./ "_
s In the meantime, do not' talk about my. case
and destroy the unfortunate remembrances of
our affair at borne.
The unfortunate remembrances referred
to were torn clothes.
Here Smyser produced a mass of flimsy,
lace-like material, evidently torn into
small shreds, and asked if these were the
clothes his < wife J wore " on that - fateful
night.
"They may* be," answered the - witness.
"The destruction, you : see. Is not my
Taggart said that Colonel Hoff , who
was . General. Miner's envoy, had .urged
him for two; hours. and a half Ur write. to
his wife and urge conciliation. \
Asked if his .wife -had not kept -him
from being court-martialed,* Taggart said
he did not know.
The most sensational incident was when
court opened to-day, arid Judge Smyser,
by placing Mrs. Taggart at one end of a
table tried to show that *it .would have
been; impossible for General, Miner to
have touched Mrs. Taggart's .limbs, at
Fort Leavenworth, as i described In the
proceedings a ; few \u25a0 days j ago. Taggart
went down from the stand, stood between
his wife i and Smyser and said:;
"Oh, this table is not anything like a
dining-room table."
.The way the cotillon was broken up
was described. The . major said Mrs.
Taggart took a small : cream .-pitcher
from the '\u25a0;-. table ' and .- • filled v : it with
whisky.""Kaid the milkman ha<l come,
trave all present a '- drink ' and then all
went home.-
WASHINGTON, ; Aug. ; 15J— It ; is now
stated at the War Department .that
charges were: filed.: there ; ;last April
against Major; Taggart. .who^s suing
his, wife' for divorce ,in Ohio,". but -no
action has \ been taken? on < the : charges,
nor will anything be done.until the ter
mlnation'3 of -theCpresent;:suit./;The
charges relate to matters out of which
the" divorce has grown. ;Taggart also
filed charges : against Colonel ; Mirier
some'.', time V ago, •. but , they - wqre ,con
sidered trivial and .w ere dismissed. '}
Special Dispatch to The Call.
j ST. LOUIS. ' Aug. 13.— The : funeral of . Mrs.
Agnes'; B-" Cooke,* who died on Monday lat the
residence of her nephew. J. . C. Scott, will \ take
place .on", Wednesday. Mrs. Cooke was j born
in Bowhlll, Selkirk Parish. Scotland, on Octo
ber 10, ISIT. She and her late husband. Rev.
John Cooke. came to America in 1536, and
settled^in'New York. In 1543 she accompa
nied ' her"' husband to California and was tbs
first woman to reside In Sacramento, then a
mere hamlet. Two* years later they returned
East.
In 1692 Rev. Mr. Cooke died. His widow
remained near \u25a0 N«w York City, where she was
well known - for her charitable work. Mrs.
Cooke came to St. Louto in 1003 to reside with
her nephew. J. C. Scott.
Russian Peasants Make Demands.
MOSCOW, Augr. 15. — A congress of the union
of peasants, attended by .delegates from twen
ty-two governments, now tn session here, has
passed resolutions demanding, among other
"things that the national representatives in the
projected assembly shall be elected by univer
sal suffrage ; that th- constituent assembly
shall be given power to. Initiate legislation and
to control the national finances; that a -system
of peasant proprietorship shall be establishea
by the handing over to- the people of the btate
domains and the land belonging, to the monas
teries - and other religious institutions : that
free education shall be obligatory and that the
schools shall be secularized.
MRS. TAGGART
ONCE ACCUSER
DEATH OF FIRST
WOMAN RESIDENT
OFiSACRAMENTC
ous, but Russia would play her last card be
fore accepting dishonorable conditions of p*ace.
The order for the mobilization would be is
sued In tbe middle of Aurust (old style) if
peace had not \u25a0 previously been concluded.
I „„_.„_ __._„_._„ A vn BARON' RO B E\ THE RUSSIAN PEACE PLENIPOTENTIARIES.- EMERGING FROM THE
GENERAL^STORES" BUILDING AT PORTSMOUTH NAVY. YARD. AFTER ONE OF THE SESSIONS WITH THE REPRE
SENTATIVES OF THE JAPANESE GOVERNMENT. : '\u25a0 :'->£-":->
Chicago Market Feels the Effect «f U»o
Quarantine at Xew Orleans am
Account ot Fever.
CHICAGO. Acs. IX— "With taa Ti*ib:*.rjp
ply of banana* reduced to leas than half t&»
usual amount becaosa of the restrictions ca
importation made by th<* quarantine at Xew
Orleans, wholesale dealers along Soata Water
street are predicting a famine In do fruit.
Prices during the last two w-eia hay« shown
a steady rise until they are about doubl* what
they were a month ago and the damaad is
greater than taa supply.
SCARCITY OF BA.V4XAS
V SENDS PRICE UPWARD
\u25a0tore the •overelsrntj- and administra
tion of Clilna la aianehurla.
"Four I—Mutual1 — Mutual obligations to respect
the territorial and administrative integ
rity of China and the principle of the
•even door.'
-Six— The surrender of the Russian
leases to the I.lnoiuns Peninsula, In
cluding; Port Arthur, Dalny aud tbe
Blonde and EIHoi Islands.**
The remaining seven articles (not
given in numerical order) are:
The cession of Saehalicn. \
Reimbursement for the cost -of the
war.
The cession to China of the Chinese
Eastern Railroad.
The article relating to that portion
of the main line of t"ie Siberian Rail
road running through Northern Man
churia, which Includes provision for
policing: of the road by China and not
by ntzßsia.
Fishing rights on the Siberian coast
north of Vladivostok to the Bering: Sea.
The article aflfectlnc Russia's naval
power In the Far East.
Providing: for the surrender of the
Russian warship* Interned in Far East
ern '• ater*.
To all of these Russia has more or
less objected. Besides indemnity and
Saghalien Mr. de Witte will strenuous
ly oppose the surrender of the interned
warships, the limitation on Russia's
naval power and the cession of the
Chinese Eastern Railroad to China.
The article " relating to the Chinese
Eastern Railroad is No. 7 and comes up
at the session to-morrow morning.
CONTENTION" OF THE RUSSIAN'S.
The Russians are prepared with doc
umentary evidence. If the article is not
passed over, to show that the railroad
is a private, corporation owned by the
Russo-Chinese Bank. Mr. Pokotiloff,
oi» of the Russian delegates., was man
ager of the Bank of St. Petersburg until
a few months ago. when he was sent
to Peking as Minister, upon the death
of Paul Lesser. j
Mr. Berger, the attorney of the bank.
Is here and: the tight upon this article
is sure to prove extremely Interesting
and possibly prolonged, as Russia will
contest the Japanese contention that
the Russian Government Is the real
owner of the railroad and that it \u25a0was
built for purely strategic purposes.
The only jar in the sessions of the
conference to-day occurred at the
morning session, when a • rather spir
ited controversy occurred over the
question of the publicity of the pro
ceedings.- Each side manifested a dis
position to charge the other, with re-
Eponsibility for the "leaks". and it was
settled by renewed pledges to observe
the strictest secrecy henceforth regard
ing the proceedings. As. a result the
correspondents to-night experienced ad
ditional difficulty in obtaining,informa
tion.
The discussion on Saghalien went
far enough to-day to demonstrate the
determined opposition of Russia to its
cession and t.iere had been not the
slightest sign of yielding when the
agreement- was reached to reserve a
decision on the article until later.
Competent Japanese authorities, how
ever, still insist that Japan will never
abandon this point.- - •
Hebrew Financiers Brine: Pressure to
Bear Upon the Csarr.
PORTSMOUTH. N. H.. Aug. 15.— 1t became
known to-nignt. that a secret alliance has been
formed or is being formed by the Jewish bank
ers of America, the alliance being gradually
extended to include all the Jewish bankers of
the world. This alliance is directed toward
enforcing justice for the Jews of Russia by the
Czar and unless this be guaranteed by prompt
action, unmistakably sincere in its Intent,
every Jewish banking-house in.the^world will
be closed to Russia.
The ' Kishsnev massacre aroused the Jews of
the world, crystallized sentiment and deter
mined them to selxe the first opportunity to
make Russia feel the Jewish power..
So lon* as Russia treats Jews unjustly and
as apart and «c partite from her other subjects,
so lons will American Jewish Lackers refuse
to loan their money to Russia, and they have
made it plain that not only are they acting In
conjunction with other Jewish banking houses
throughout the world, but that money will be
loaned only for peace and not for war.
PORTSMOUTH, ST. H., An*-. 13. — TJbe
crisis, la the peace negotiation*, upon
which; the eyes of the world are fas
tened. Is npproavhlnsr rapidly and the
end of this week or the flr«t of next
wffk, at the latent, should witness the
deadlock and end If the conference la
to go to pieces.
Two more of the twelve articles. Nos.
IV and VI. were disposed of to-day.
Article 4 consist of mutual pledges to
observe the integrity of China and the
policy of the "open door" for the com
merce of all nations, and article 6
covers the surrender of the Russian
leases to the Liaotung Peninsula. Port
Athur. Dalny and the Blonde and El
liott islands.
To article 4 both parties gave ready
essent and the official statement of the
adoption of that article took care to
state that it was agreed to "unani
mously."
Article 5. the consideration of which
was passed until later, provides for the
cession of the island of Saghalien.
Discussion appearing useless at this
stage, on account of the firm negative
given in the Russian reply, it was de
cided, upon the motion of the Japanese,
to defer its discussion, thus revealing
the Japanese intention of postponing
to the end the life and death strug
gle.
MAY REACH A COMPROMISE.
This is the usual procedure followed
in diplomatic nes-otiations. enabling the
negotiators to come to an aecord^upon
all possible points before tackling the
crucial issues, and the fact that the Rus
sians acquiesced^ in the proposition
BhOWS that they, too, are as careful and
as anxious are are the Japanese that
the world should not accuse them of
being responsible for precipitating the
break, if break there is to be. and
wrecking the conference. This, in it
self, is a hopeful sig:i. Besides, by
postponing the burning questions to
the end, the psychological moment for
bargain and compromise arrives. Then,
hurriedly, the last trump cards and
the game is done.
And there is growing hope of com
premise. To the closest observers the
final solution begins to crystallize quite
naturally — the Russians yielding the
cession of Saghalien. Japan foregoing
"the cost of the war," but taking com
pensation in the money to be refunded
to Japan by China on account of the
transfer to her of the Chinese Eastern
Railroad. v.-hich. Russia contends, be
longs to a private corporation and
therefore is unconfiscable by Japan;
the Russian Government property in
Port Arthur and Dalny and remunera
tion for the maintenance of the 100,000
Russian prisoners in Japan.
According to the Russian view Japan
has already secured all and more than
she dreamed of claiming before the
war. To insist upon a foe who lias
«t!il half a million men confronting
her in the field footing the bill for the
cost of the war the price of peaec
\u25a0would, the Russians say, change the
character of the military struggle
henceforth frdTn one for certain prin
ciples to one for the exaction of "blood
money."
ISStES ALREADY DISPOSED OF.
All Questions relating to Korea and
Manchuria, except the cession of the
Chlne«« Eastern Railroad, the main Si
berian line running through Northern
Manchuria from the station "Manchu
ria." on the Amur, via Harbin, to
Vladivostok, are settled in the five ar
ticles already adopted. Some confusion
has arisen about those articles and the
frilowing resume can be accepted as
absolutely accurate:
••One — fle«-«>=:r.iti..n of Japan's *pre
p«.m!rralln-: Influence* in Korea, etc.
"Two— Mntnal obligation to evacuate
Manchuria. Ko»»Ia to retroeede to China
all Kpe«-inl prl»llese», etc.
*-Three— Japanese «»l»llcotlon to re>
Sergius de Witte Is Playing
Deep Game of Diplomacy.
Belief That Way Is . Opening
for Compromise Treaty.
VICTORIA, B. C. ..Aug. IB. — George
D. Collins, the leva/iting San Francisco
lawyer, being tried for extradition for
perjury before Judge Lampman, while
on the witness 'stand. to-day In his own
defense, spoke for about .two hours,
detailing a conspiracy which he claims
was launched at San Francisco to rail
road him to Jail and from which ha
fled to Victoria. He said the conspiracy
was launched by the Hlbernla Bank,
and aided by Judges Lawler. Kerrigan
and • Graham, the Grand Jury im
paneled at San Francisco by Judge
Lawler, the Bar Association and the-
San Francisco Chronicle. Call, Exam
iner and Bulletin, newspapers.
'He aroused their enmity, ho declared,
because of ; his aggressiveness on the
part of clients in having offended
Judges and lawyers by securing? the
release of clients on various grounds
after juries had convicted them. He
declared, the Judges were antagonistic
A.o him because he reversed some of
their decisions, among others that of
Judge Morrow, convicting Williams, a
customs inspector, of importing Chi
nese women, and because of which
Judge Morrow had .stated he fixed up
the record. He detailed many casea
he had In San Francisco where he se
cured the release of accused after their
conviction on technicalities, notably th«
case of Turner, accused of swindling,
who was afterward shot and killed by
a victim in front of Collins' office, and
Hunsted and others accused of being
in league with the then Public Admin
istrator to loot the John Sullivan estate
by producing a false heir. He said
because of his having secured the re
lease of these persons he had been at
tacked by press, bar and pulpit of San
Francisco and incurred the enmity of
Judges.
They were also antagonistic to him
because he was instrumental In pre
venting- the police by legal means from
raiding houses of prostitution and
gambling houses and because he se
cured the removal of Police Commis
sioner Hutton with Mayor Schmitz's as
sistance. He said that It was al
leged by those arrayed In conspiracy
against him that" he was a lawyer of
the Schmitz administration. 7-.-
The Hlbernia Bank started the prose
cution against him said Collins, because
while representing a claim against the
Robinson estate upon which ,tbe bank
had a mortgage he found the mortgage
had^been lost. He was threatened with
disbarment' proceedings by the bank
unless he desisted from the action.
When his wife, Agnes Newman, died,
she had an : account" I ' ln the Hlbernia
Bank which she assigned to him and
he made, affidavit af the bank in -with
drawing the money. Liter; after hi 3
wife"s • death; " William Newman, "her
brother,- offered his services to the Hl
bernia. Bank • because witness would
not give him part' of the. money and
stated falsely witness had married his
sister Cnarlotta instead of Agnes. , Col
linn asserted, the charge of bigamy was
instituted a.', the Instance of the Hlber
nia Bank people, taose interested In
publishing the San Francisco Chronicle.
Judges Lawler, Kerrigan -and to some
extent Judge Graham, who was against
him because he collected a debtfroman
actor named Thomson, who was Gra
ham's friend, by arresting him when on
the stage of. the Columbia Theater at
-San Francisco, attired as Richelieu.
Newman had gone before the Grand
Jury ami the present prosecution re
sulted, from which he fled. .
In cross-examination by "Frank Hig
gins for the State of California, he
strenuously denied the marriage with
Charlotta. Collins and said that all the
evidence given there anent by Thomas
Curran, William Newman and the depo
sitions of Charlotta and. Florence New
man were absolutely false. The New
mans sought to blackmail him. he said.
If doctors had sworn they had been
present at the. birth of the children of
Charlotta Collins, they had perjured
themselves. The children now with
Charlotta Collins were the Issue of hts
marriage with Agnes Newman and hi 3
friends at San Francisco would pro
vide for them until he ; was out of the
meshes of this conspiracy.
The cross-examination of Collins will
be continued tofmorrow.
TOPEKA. Kaas., Aug. 15 — Apr>l!=*
tlon was made here to-day for a char*
ter for a railroad company, the pur
pose of which Is to connect the Bar
rlman railroads tn the northwesters
part of the United States with the Bar
rtxnan lines running: to New Orleans
and through the Southeastern Btatss.
The new railroad will run through
the Kansas wheat belt and will be
chartered under the name of the Den
ver. Kansas and Gulf. The capital' stock
of the company Is f2.000.000. Of this
amount $250,000 has been subscribed.
The new railroad will connect with
the Burlington lines on the north
either at Oronoquo In Norton County.
Kansas/or Republican Junction In Har
land County. Nebraska. It will run
south from one of these places to Hayes
City, Kans.. and than through \u25a0*> Oreat
Bend or Lamed to Pratt, and out of the
State at Klowa. At Cherokee. Okla..
It will connect with the Denver. Enid
and Gulf.' a few miles of which ts In op
eration. It will run east from Oklahoma.
City to Texarkana. Tex., where It will
connect with the Southern Pacific The
headquarters of the new company will
be In Medicine Lodge, Kans.
Says Press, the Judiciary;
Grand Jury and Bar Asso
ciation Are the Plotters
Route to Extend From Kan
sas to Texas, Where It Will
Meet the Southern Pacific
TO ENTER WHEAT BELT
TALKS FOR" TWO HOURS
Plans Railroad to Connect
His Northwestern Lines
With Southeastern States
Lawyer Accused of Perjury
Declares He Is Victim of
a Gang of Conspirators
PORTSMOUTH, N. R, Aug. 15.— Two more of the twelve
peace articles were disposed of to-day. The belief is growing that
Russia, after all the minor issues have been disposed of, will flatly
refuse to pay indemnity, and, unless Japan recedes, will withdraw her
plenipotentiaries and proclaim to the world that her adversary is no
longer fighting for, principle, but for "blood money." Both missions to
day agreed to observe the integrity of China and the "open-door" policy.
COLLINS TELLS
A TALE OF WOE
HARRIMAN WILL
TAP NEW REGION
PEACE OUTLOOK IMPROVES AS MINOR ISSUES
ARE DISPOSED OF BY PLENIPOTENTIARIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AUGUST 16, 1905.
-Try the United States Laundry.
Market street Telephone South 420. •
3
i)R. PIKRCE'S RE^fEDIE^.
A CXEAN MAN.
Outside cleanliness is les3 fhrrn naif
tbe bcttle. A man may scrub himself a
dozen times a day, and m
still be unclean. Good £gjV
health means cleanliness F~jT
not only outside, but in- T^fefck
side. It means a clean i?£-< :^£»
stomach, clean bowels, j*j£ '-. C S^L
clean blocl, a clean ISfe i' I^^
liver, and new, clean, £& [&<-£*s&
healthy tissues and 5- f£
bers in every organ of* Kf^^la
the body. The man /g§ *^K&.
who is 'clean in this
way will look it and act Tja fl^.
it. He will work with '
energy and think dean, dear, healthy
thoughts.
He will never be troubled with liver,
lttng , stomach or blood disorders. Dys-
pepsia, and indigestion originate in
unclean stomachs. Blood diseases are
found where there is unclean blood.
jjg^-v Consumption and bronchitis
gßy mean unclean lungs. Dr.
Jy%«3^ Pierces Golden Medical
F&X&i Discovery prerents these
fitA} r) £* disea«>es. It makes a man's
££'*£$ '^Wl insides clean and healthy.
**&ri£^fT~3r It cleans the digestive or-
2» \\ A gans, makes pure, clean
T»J blood, and dean, healthy
j ft } flesh. It doesn t make the
llj yd flabby £at of corpulency,
-".'\u25a0\u25a0;'- ' but the firm flesh of health.
It restores tone to the nervous eysteßi,
and cures nervous exhaustion and
prostration. It contains no alcohol
to inebriate or create craving for injuri-
ous stimulants.
Mr Jobs I*. Coogfeeaoor, of Glen taTtge,
Somerset Co, P*-. writes : " lly appetite was
uausoally poor, snd I wss as weak and nerv-
ous as tboogb I had bees starved for months.
Mr heart kept throbbinr oontianaUy and I was
\u25a0hort of breath. Finally I wrote to you for ad-
Tioe and yoa iaformed xne that I bad indigestion
and a torpid liver. I did not think your diag-
nosis was right, bet I ordered six bottles of .
•Golden Medical Discovery * from you and began
its use. After timing three bottles I began tolni-
prove slowly and soon went to work, and I hare
been working ener since.-
Constipation ia the most undean un-
deanliness. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pel-
Icticnreit. They never gripe
>i »if \u25a0\u25a0 wl^— rsnfc- rw^Bffffffflf^ A JM^^BFBBl^*Msssws^sJfcl
APVERTI.STQrKNTS.
take
Care
Of Your Heart.
It is the engine that forces
the blood to every part of the
body ; this blood conveys the
nourishment that makes flesh,
bone and muscle; it also car-
ries off the worn-out particles.
If the heart flutters or palpi-
tates, it is weak, and is work- 1
ing imperfectly, so that the
body does not get this" nourish-
ment; it also fails to throw ofZ
the impurities, and they re-
main to poison the system.
If it is irregular, skips beats,
or is painful, the heart is prob-
ably leaky" and the circulation
poor. "These conditions are
dangerous. You can make
your heart well, and keep it
so, with Dr. Miles' Heart Cure,
which is a heart medicine and
tonic that strengthens the
heart nerves and muscles.
"I have be«n a sufferer for years
from nervousness and weak heart, and
I have tried all the doctors In th»
community. They all told me that I
had heart trouble, but . they failed to
> help me. My druggist prevailed upon
me to try Dr. Miles' Heart Cure, and .
Restorative Nervine, saytn? that If
the • first bottle did not benefit me bo
would return the money. Every dos« .
helped me from the time I bee&n tak-
* ins It. and after awhile my troubla
was pone entirety."
BTJRDETTE DeKAT, Cuba. N. T.
Or. Miles' Heart Cure Is sold by
your druggist, who will guarantee that
the first bottle will benefit. If It falls
I he will refund your money.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
Back East Excursions
Hound Trip Tickets ti
Chicago . $ 73 SO
St: Lonis ' 67 SO
Memphis 67 SO
New Orleans . 67 5O
' Kansas City 60 00
Omaha 60 00
St. Paul 70 00
• Minneapolis 70 00
Duluth . 72 50
Fort Worth 60 00
New York 108 «U>
Boston xoo 50
Philadelphia ' 107 so
Baltimore 107 00
Washington. 0. C JO7 00
021 siM - J: -\u25a0';
J«»y 24-23-W.
Angus: 13-19-24-25.
September T-S-O-XO-12-18-IT.
Gord for 00 days.
BSSVS3 A 53 BXTTO3 95193
< 05 SALS , :
Anrast 10-11-12-30-n.
CociJ for 40 days.
These ticket* ar» all tocored on
THE GALIFQRNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA FE.
- 633 3f»?i>t Stnat
o. \u25a0 \u25a0 b \u25a0 Ammunition. Hantias aa<
ill iHJA* Spcrllas Goods. I^nta
Si all atoci. Lowest prices. Sen*
111 liai 1 ioT catalogs*.
JSJI a RJ shreve & b.vhbsr co.
~ " " /^ 139 .Market «t.. snd 52X
Kearny »t.
lA/.T.HESS,
Votary P«bUe aad Attor«*y-at-ljiw.
Tenth Floor. Rodm 1013. Clans Spreckels K4«
Telephone Mila &S3.
Residence. 1302 McAUtater «t.
Residence Telephons Fsg* 9941.
Huts Like
JL Ilvwv A «%^\/ •
In addition to- the two hats
pictured we have these soft hats "^^^^^^^mS^§|^^^^
at; $1.50 in other styles— f^^W^^^S
Fedoras and Telescopes. Each -
and crowns of- different pro-;
portions so that any person can , "^^^^Rj^kv
find a hat just suited to his par- •/••.;
The«colors are black, - brown 7. w^^^rf--""-""*'"
and tan, with same or contrast \r-- f^t&l^*-''
band or binding; also cedar and "\^^^
\u25a0 -««nr*iL \u2666 We have an especial arrangement
/«>s&i^iip'V ' Vtli^ 1 a manufacturer who makes
these hats according to our order,
.=j^^^^^^^^^ and we get 'them in big quantities
/C^^fr^J^^^Sgg^w at a ver - v satisfactory price.
Stores about town ask $2.00 for
\u25a0 r ' V -^b Come in either of our stores — ask
\u25a0^MJyvA". ">i?ir to see this, popular hat atsJ.sO.
/ ,l^ Mai/ orders filed— expressage free
,i'*^S>^Q within 50 miles.
Cor. Powell &. EDis and
;' ; \u25a0 V 740 Market St.OAKLAND/ Aug. 151— Harry Bernard, \ who
was caught rifling rooms at the. Hotel Touralne
last evening, will face at . least ' three charges
of burglary. The complainants ' are J F.,8.
Prussia, -H. P., Hook and M. Wllzinski. Ber
nard is suspected of having operated at the
Crellin Hotel several day* Ago. \u25a0 He camo
from Seattle two w*eks ago.-' Bernard claimed
to be a vaudeville ; performer under the name
of Harry B. Kiernan. He ' has^confessed « to
the polic* that he has been -In several hotel
burslarlea.
HOTEL 'THIEF "CONFESSES.
.1 PALO ALTO, Aug. 15.— The series of song«
entitled .'"The Persian Garden,",, selections from
the \ Rubaiyat "; of . Omar/ Khayyam,' • and ' set \u25a0to
music by Lisa Lehman,", tho noted prima donna,
was sung this evening on " the grounds • of . the
J. F. • Parkinson • home ; under - the auspices .of
the .Woman's Club. The parts were taken by
Dr. George Blakesley Little, C. L. Firebaugh,
Mrs.'; Charles : R. * Parkinson. • Miss Grace • Klrk
patrick c and \ Miss ? Gussle .: Upham.'Wlth , Dr.
Blodgett, i th^-. Stanford \u25a0 organist, i as director. :
Residents . of Suburb, Under -Direction
' of Stanford : Organist, Give Novel;..
! . Programme.' I .*
VERSES FROM THE RUBAYAIT
.':-.;' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0:'\u25a0 OF, OMAR SUNG IN PALO ALTO
OAKLAND,' Aug. 15.— C, P. Jennings, 're
siding at 156 John street, reported, to the po
lice to-day that he had ; been informed ; , by a
garbage collector • f or. ; the Pacific J Incinerating
Company that a humanskull witha: hole in
the forehead had been s found in , refuse : taken
from .his residence. ' Detective \u25a0 Kyte and Dep
uty Coroner \u25a0: Van Vranken tried to . find : the
grewsome relic, which "had. been returned to
Jennings' house, but '• no trace of ;-it was dis
closed.,. Jennings said It was by no means cer
tain that the skull had come from his : place.
The skull wa»'foun.d on top of a pile of refuse
atuhe crematory, and; the .collector was sure It
\u25a0was emptied from a can at the Jennings place.
The find was made- a week ago Mart Friday.
SEAItCH FOR A SKULL.
Both the occupants -of the vehicle
were hurled over the dashboard of the
buggy, and, becornlng entangled In the
reins, were dragged for some distance
by the frightened horse. When the
animal was finally stopped It was
found that Miss Littrel was painfully
cut and bruised" and McGuerkin was
suffering from a* dislocated shoulder. '
OAKLAND, Aug. 15. — While driving
on the San. Leandro -road yesterday
Frank McGuerkin, a son of the well
known Eastern turfman, and Miss
Hazel Littrel of, Santa Cruz, to whom
he is engaged, met with an accident
which .nearly . cost the lives of both.
.McGuerkin was,, driving one of his
father's fast horses . and had entered
into a race. with, another driver, when
the kingbolt of ,the buggy broke and
the horse started' to run away. • *"
STANFORD \u25a0UNIVERSITY, Aug. 15.— The
dormitories of the Stanford . University were
opened: this "morning." Both buildings, • En
slna Hall : and' Roble.. have been thoroughly
renovated and repaired. The co-operative eat
ing establishment, 1 the Stanford Inn.; has not
however, as yet started as the percentage of
students upon ' the campus does i not .warrant
such action. \u25a0 All . the . rooms in Enclna Hall,
the : dormitory for young men, have been : en
gaged. ' 'The freshman v class of 1909 will'- b#
the largest on record. \u25a0So great Is the' demand
for : quarters > that the private lodging-houses
,are' already overcrowded with ' applicants. •
Students as They Arrive
.- Upon Campus.
Knclna . Ilnll and Roble Will Receive
STANFORD DORMITORIES OPEN
FOR THE COMING SEMESTER
Entangled in Reins, They
Ai*e Dragged From *
GIRL AND FIANCE
HURT IN RUNAWAY
OAKLAND, Aug. 15. — The trial of the con
test over-the will qf the late Nelson. Bump be
tween the" widow and the four .grown daugh
ters of the deceased over property valued at
$05 000 was begun before Judge. Ogden in: the
probate department of, the. Superior Court to
day By the •will, Mrs. Sarah Bump, the wid
ow was left bequests i« amounting to about
$MOO while the rest of the estate was given
to Lydia J. Thomas, Annie R. Ivey, Ellen Mc-
Fadden and Sarah A. Dean, his four daugh-
e Tbe contest is brought by the widow, who
waa Bump's. wife for twenty years, although
not the mother of his " children. • He died a
year ago at the age of 8a and for a long time
prior to his death she was his nurse and
drudge. She alleges that his daughters got
the old 'man' up to - Sacramento and there In
duced him' to -make out i his will, leaving" her
a mere pittance, while, the children, who had
paid little or ' no - attention . to< him for years,
got the great bulk of. thg estate.; ..%:.-
BUMP WILL CONTEST.
EXCURSION OK WHEELMEX,
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— The Oakland Wheel
man will give an excursion around the bay
next Sunday and elaborate preparations have
been made by the committee in charge of the
trip for the entertainment of the club mem
bers and their guests. The steamer Momicello
haa been chartered for the occasion and will
stop at El Campo, Vallejo and Mare Island.
As the capacity of the vessel is limited but
275 ticket* for the excursion have been Issued
and already nearly all have been sold. The
members of the committee in charge of the
excursion are F. J. Bruzzone, A. B. Moffltt,
"W. G. Sinclair and H. Kline. - •
The Trustees received Auditor Turner's bud
get for the coming fiscal year, in which he
stated that a tax rate of 85 cents would be
•uffldent to provide needed funds. The rate
last year was ?I. which is the limit allowed
by law. The Auditor estimates that $275 -
062 45 will be required to be raised by taxes
The estimated receipts other than taxes are
$116,407. The Trustees will give his esti
mates consideration later.
Town Attorney Johnson was asked to give
his opinion, but preferred to wait until he has
examined the law on the subject. It was ac
cordingly referred to him.
A. W. Athenon brought up the matter, ask
ing the Trustees to decide whether the mile
limit law is not being violated when grocery
dealers of other towns cell liquors to Berkeley
people and deliver the goods within the mile
limit.
BERKELEY, Aug. 15.— "Saloons on
wheels," eo-c&lled, received attention from the
Board of Town Trustees at Its meeting last
night. It being the opinion of Trustee Chris
tian Hoff that grocery dealers of Oakland
whose wagons tarry liquors to families in
Berkeley should pay a liquor tax. as saloon*
axe required to do.
DISCUSS LIUUOII QUESTIO.V.
The residents of the eastern portion
of Point Richmond, which was not in
cluded in the incorporation of the city
of Richmond, ' held an ' incorporation
meeting last night, forthe purpose of
perfecting preliminary arrangements
for the, preparation of a petition to be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
In September. H. AY. Rogers was elect
ed chairman; and C J. Rihn, secretary.
A committee was appointed to establish
boundaries and select a name for the
new town, should the movement prove
successful. ' V;- .'.'\u25a0' .:'."• .' - '\
RICHMOND,, Aug. 15.— The first reg
ular meeting: of the" Board of Trustees
of the city of Richmond waa held last
night, and S. R. Curry was elected
President. After his "election, W. T.
Satterwhlte was appointed City Attor
ney at a salary 0f.540 a month.
An ordinance fixing the' amount of
the bonds of the City Clerk, Marshal
and Treasurer, was introduced and
passed by. the newly elected Board of
Trustees. The tonds are as follows:
Clerk $1000, Treasurer $1000, Marshal
$5000. These officers, were instructed
to, file" surety bonds as soon as they can
be secured. .
Elect President and At
torney and Fix
Bonds.
RICHMOND TRUSTEES
HOLD FIRST MEETING
Rev. C. H. Hobart, pastor of Calvary
Church of Oakland, spoke of the fcrtsd
ing of the institution and the causes that
led to . its organization. The enterprise
had its Inception in the mind of Rev. Ho
bart in 1890, when he^ was pastor of the
First Baptist Church" of Oakland. Steps
were taken to procure a building in
Berkeley and Dr. ' Hill was selected as
president. Eleven directors control the
destinies of the seminary.: They have the
corporate name of the Pacific Coast Bap 7
tist Theological Union. The Pacific Bap
tist Society for Ministerial Education has
been formed to co-operate with the union
in establishing and maintaining the sem
inary. . Professor, Johnston of Stanford Is
president of this' society. '\u25a0
BERKELEY, Aug. 15.— With appropriate
exercises the new theological seminary
of. the Baptist, denomination at 2606
D.wight way was } opened to-night. The
institution Is to be known as the Pacific
Coast Baptist Theological Seminary. Rev.
C. M. Hill, for many years pastor of the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church In Oakland,
is president of the new seminary. He
presided at the exercises this evening.
* In response to invitations the following
men extended greetings to-night: Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California, President J. K. Mc-
Lean of " the Pacific Theological Seminary
and President Truman G. \Brownson of
California College. /
Professor Oliver M. Johnston of Stan
ford University delivered the principal
address of the evening. The prayer of
dedication was offered by Rev. James
Sunderland.
School for the Training of
Young Ministers Is
Dedicated. : y :
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— Mrs. L. Siebe,
the wife of Captain L. Siebe of this city,
became violently insane while on the
special train of the Oakland Board of
Trade on her way to the Lewis and
Clark Exposition at Portland and on
her arrival at that city was at once
taken to a private sanitarium. Mrs.
Siebe was accompanied by her husband
and two daughters, Mrs. J. J. Evers and
Miss Louise Siebe. Without the slight
est warning she suddenly became vio
lent and it required the assistance of
several peo"ple to place her under con
trol. Dr. H. P. Miller was on the train
and Mrs. Siebe was placed in his charge.
On her arrival at Portland she was
taken at once to the sanitarium.
The physicians in charge oC the case
ascribe Mrs. Slebe's attack to the ex
treme heat and the excitement attend
ing the trip. They are of the opinion
that she will recover in a short time.
BAPTISTS OPEN NEW
BERKELEY SEMINARY
.: WEYNETH FIGHTING ° FOR LlFE.—Ala
:ineda, Aug. 1 15. — Alexander Weyneth;'. the ~ en
gineer wfto - was \u25a0 caught upon . y a * .'. revolving
shaft at the' Pacific Coast Borax _Works : elev
en days ago;' sustaining, fractures of the skull
on .both sides, and • other > Injuries, .; Is ; !• still
alive at : the 'Alameda' Sanatorium and : the at
tending physicians believe he has a chance for
recovery. , * Weyneth's - skull :; injuries are very
similar p to', those ( inflicted": upon I Thomas', Cook
by the boy highwaymen of East ' Oakland and
which caused the '-\u25a0 death > of ; the V victim. * .
. - ADVANCEMENT ? ; WORK.— Alameda.' vAugi
• 15.— Recording to S the report - of i Manager.. John
H.. Hartos of the Alameda Advancement iAs
sociation,- the : organization cleaned during^ the
month: ending August' l2, ; 125,680: square -feet
of '". grass 'and.- weed grown,; lots." .The " total
\u25a0. frontage " improved f, by / the . removal •."; of ' •' un
sightly 'vegetable; growth -.was: 17.981'; feeti'' or
about .three * and one \u25a0 half .' miles. ' > Through . the
efforts ; of i the 'Advancement * Association, .'.; the
; Southern • Pacific - Company has agreed to , erect
a new : station ; at ,- Weber : street \u25a0; on , the south
'\u25a0 side . line, and .; to : " Improve z the .'\u25a0 stations ' r at
Morton." 1 - Chestnut and Park • streets. * - "V-
I COAL DEALERS TO HOLD PlCNlC—Oak
land, Aug. 15. — The Coal Dealers'. Protective
Association of Alameda County ? will \u25a0 hold "a
reunion and picnic at San Lorenzo Grove next
Wednesday, and the committee In charge, has
arranged a long programme of games and out
door sports for the entertainment of those who
attend the outing. " Special"*- cars will^ .''leave
Seventh and Broadway between the hours of 9
and 11; a.m. rand"' the Woodmen's Band -will
accompany . the merrymakers. ; a
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OakIand. Aug.- 15.
—The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County \ Clerk to-day : : Clarence E. Fol
scm, 27. and Margaret D. Johnstone, 24, both : of
Oakland: William Feige, 22, and - Bertha A.
Xeal, 22, both of Oakland; Harry C. Martell,37.
•Philadelphia, and- Judith Kaiser,- 20, \u25a0 Tacoma;
Elmer L.* Emmons, 28, Alameda, and " Carrie
N. Chamberlain. 16,' Oakland;' Clinton :.Went
worth 44, " Sacramento." * and : Ida M. -; Peterson,
27 Alameda; '.Wesley AJ ; Bates, ' 22, , and Elvira
Perez 16. *both of Oakland. :- >
' ALLEGED HATCHET WIELDER : AR
RAIGNED. — Alameda, Aug. - 15. — Hadden
Robbing, colored, who Is charged with an as
sault, with a deadly weapon for the alleged
reason that he wielded a hatchet upon ."Bar
on" A. A. Baroteau, breaking the latter's right
arm, • was arraigned lin the Justice court , to
day. Robbins' . preliminary hearing was set
for Thursday. •\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0.
COUNTY'S WEALTH.— Oakland, August 15.
— According to the revised figures in regard to
the • assessment of the county after the reduc
tions granted by the County Board of Equali
zation - the : total value of property 'Is $114,
881,447. It was originally $114.347.051. From
this sum. however, the Board of Equalization
made reductions amounting; to $293,434.
CHARGED WITH ", FORGERY.— Oakland,
Aue. 15. — John*.- P. Emerson, an electrician,
charged with passing a forged check for $100
on Charl»s M. .Hull, proprietor of a hotel at
Cordelia, Solano County, was arrested . to-day.
Emerson, it is alleged, paid a^sUo hotel bill
with the check and decamped with $40 change.
AGE' NO BAR TO HAPPINESS.—OAK
LAND, Aug. 15. — James Franklin Frisbie. aged
V.'» years; and jj Mrs. Ida. Jeanette Haight. 49,
were married last Friday by Justice of the
Peace James G. Quinn. The bride is the wid
ow of the late Judge William Haight of Atlan
ta, Ga.. and the groom is a well known resi
dent of Pomona, Cal.-/ : .
RECTOR OF ST. JOHN'S RETURNS.—Oak
land, Aug. 15.— / he Rev. Edgar F. Gee, rec
tor of St. John's' Episcopal Church of this city,
has Just returned from his vacation, which he
spent in the Sierra Mountains, and will as
sume charge of | th« church at once. During
his \u25a0 absence the services have been conducted
by the Rev. A. K. Glover. \u25a0*- .-. -
CONFER AS TO GARBAGE COLLECTIONS
Oakland, Aug. 15. — The City Council, Mayor
Mott, City "Attorney 'McElroy and attorneys
of the Pacific -Incinerating Company in con
ference last night went over the proposed re
vision of the garbage contract. An ordinance
in line, with heretofore agreed upon plans will
be prepared under direction of the City. At
torney.. "*, -
- ALLEGED DESERTER CAUGHT.—Oak
land, Aug. 15. — Fred Schofleld, charged with
desertion from the revenue cutter Rush, has
been arrested. Schofleld is also accused of
rifling shipmates' lockers of wearing- apparel
and watches before he fled.
BANK WANTS MONEY.— Oakland, Aug.
15.— The Hibernla Savings Bank has filed Its
claim against the estate of the late Lady
Kirkam Blair Yarde-Buller for $30,000 loaned
her on a mortgage several years ago.
FINED FOR SPEEDING AUTOS.— Oakland,
Aug. 15. — R. C. Wilson and F. G. Miner, busi
ness men of San Francisco, were fined $5 each
in th* Police Court to-day for speeding auto
mobiles through Seventh street Sunday night.
BURGLAR STEALS JEWELRY.— Oakland.
Aug. 15. — John' Guamby, residing at 5615 San
Pablo aV+-JIUC.a V+-J1UC. has complained to the police
that a burglar last 'night .stole $100 worth of
Jewelry from nls residence.
Siebe.
Excitement and Heat Too
Much for Mrs. L.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BECOMES INSANE
OX WAY TO POKTLAXD
NOTE KECEIVED FBOM
SUPPOSED DFAD MAN
•REDWOOD .'- CITY, Aug. 15.— The
charges and counter charges concern
ing alleged Irregularities in the con
struction" of the new Courthouse have
finally provoked from the Supervisors
a decision to appoint a board of in
quiry to make a thorough investiga
tion.' Supervisor Mcßain, having em
ployed an, expert on his own respon
sibility, submitted -a report to his col
leagues showing that his contention,
that -.certain work on the building is
not being done properly, is sustained.
The contractors replied .'-. that they
have done I the .work strictly in accord
ance^wi'th the specifications.: .If an in
vestigation should 'prove otherwise the
contractors declare that tliey will do
the work, all over again without cost
to the county. -'.Tto'e' Board 'of Super
visors" determined therefore to order
the appointment of/a commission of
two to make a- complete, invesygation.
One of these investigators will be
chosen by the Supervisors* and the other
by the contractors. "If these two can
not agree upon a report hey will select
a third judge to decide the issue.
Policeman Who Committed
Crime and Disappeared Is
Heard From. c
LABOR TROUBLES DISTURBING
. PEACE OF CITY OP ROSES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIBB -IX TOWX OB* Jf OTATO.
* V NOYATO, Auff. 15.— A passing mflTcmaa
probably saved the town from a disastrous
fire at an early hour this morals*. H* no
ticed it blaze on the easterly • std» •of thai
Loustanau building at A this mora'.ns and, >
immediately rare the alarm. An lmproirtsftd
fire brigade was pressed Into setrlee »nd.
the aid of anything that would hold water and
the use of axes, the firs was extinguished.
Tbe damage will amount to $400. , -.f : j .
visit to his uncle In San Miguel Canyon, was
accidentally killed this nlornmsr by * bullet
from his owivpistol. He was 40 years of *««
and was a deputy sheriff, of Thurstoa County,
"Washington. . *
Deputy Sheriff of Washington la Slain
by Bullet From His On'
Revolver.
.SALINAS. Aug. 15.— 8. M. ShotwelL a real
dent of Little Rock. "Wash., who waa en a
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED' WHILS3
. OX A TISIT TO fflS CNCLB
SEATTLE, Aug. 15.— A wnolesala raJ<t
on Colfax saloon men was made to-day,
when four of them were arrested on a
charge of keeping their saloons open last
Sunday.'. The complaints were sworn to
by R. T. Street, working under th« direc
tion of the Anti-Saloon League, which
has its headquarters at Seattle. This is
said to be the beginning of a general «
movement against vice by the league,
which Is .planning to operate in all parts
of the State, at the same tima.
GpecUl Dispatch to The CUL
Four Arrests Follow Kaid on
Eesorts in Washington
Town. " % '.
ANTI-SALOOX LEAGUE
AFTEB LIQUOK MEN
Saturday another, Benjamin Kahsnk
dake, who was associated with Kebeta
in the killing of Mr. and Mrs. Horton,
died. But one of tho six men con
victed of the crime now lives. .
• SEATTLE. Aug. 15. — The pardon pe
tition •of Kebeth or "Jim" Hanson,
signed and sent yesterday to President
Roosevelt, was started too late. A vic
tim of tuberculosis, the disease which
Infects all Alaskan Indians confined on
McXeals Island, Kebeth Is dead. Ha
died on Sunday after a long illness and
the petition bearing the signature of
250 prominent Alaska and "Washing
ton men Is valueless. - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Indian for Whom Freedom
. Was Sought Dies m the ~
Penitentiary.
PETITION FOR PAEBOX
VOIDED- BY, DEATH
SEATTLE, Aug. 15 Swan Lindhal.
the Minneapolis policeman, who In
April last entered a branch of the
Minneapolis Public Library., looted It
and set fire to the building to' hide
the crime, Is believed by the police to
have* been In Seattle last week. Ho
has since gone to some point In Cali
fornia. He Is under indictment. Two
months after the crime a decomposed
body was found floating In the Missis
sippi. By the clothing it was iden
tified as that of Lindhal and buried as
such. Last week the clerk of the
Municipal Court at Minneapolis re
ceived a letter declared to be in Lin
dahl's handwriting. It was dated at
Seattle and was written, it is declared,
to set at rest the report that the police
man was dead.
Flsbt to Finish Between the Employer*
and Union -Mechanics Is
. . ' Expected.
SANTA ROSA,. Aug. 15.— The Labor Coun
cil of this City at a meeting last night in
dorsed the action of the local Carpenters" and
Teamsters' unions In refusing to handle lumber
in the two Santa Rosa lumber yards If hauled
by the : teams of Lee Brothers, who have been
declared unfair. . The council, however, de
cided that lumber may befobtalned In the two
boycotted yards- to finish building contracts
entered into prior to August 11. ISOS, but the
lumber roust- be handled by union men. All
contracts taken since that date will be consid
ered unfair if the contractors are supplied with,
material from the tabooed yard*.
This morning the plumbers working on a
city schoolhouse were called out as the material
was being hauled to the place by an "unfair'"
team. As this work is a part of the proposed
municipal improvement • the calling out of the
workmen looks as if the labor organizations
Intend to make a fight to a finish. The Citi
zens' Alliance is determined not to yield and a
number of -firms have declared for "open shop."
It is feared all Industries will be tied up fce
fore the trooble Is over.
SOUTH SAX FRANCISCO SCHOOLS
OPEN WITH BIG ATTEXDAXCE
Increase In Pupils Make* Employment
of an Additional Instructor a
Xecesaltr. -
BOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Au».' 13. — Tha
'public school here has opened for the term
with the largest attendance of children in Its
history. Professor W. R. Mac Donald has been
appointed principal with the .following staff
or teachers: Miss Winnie Lewis. Miss Flor
ence Glennon,' Miss Mame McGovern and Miss
E. L. Nauman. The Increased attendance has
made necessary the employment of an addi
tional . instructor.
FIGHT FOR TIGHE CHILDREN.
OAKLAND, Aug. 15. — The question of
whether Mrs. Elizabeth Morrison or W. C.
Tlghe is. to get possession of' the two Tighe
children will be threshed out before Judge
Melvln next Monday morning. An order was
made to-day by Judge Ogden transferring . to
Melvtn's department the guardianship, proceed
ings, which will be considered along with the
petition for a modification of the divorce de
cree asked for by- the father.
The mother and father are divorced and she
was given the custody of the children, ' but re
cently was committed to. the Napa Insane
Asylum. . Her sister has asked to be appointed
guardian of the children,. -and' In this she Is
opposed by the father, who livas at Madera. -.
THE DIVORCE 311 LL.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— Suit for dlTOrce was
begun to-day by Mildred Fenton against
George F. Fenton far desertion. He Is a die
maker. May Gardner has sued Joseph Gard
ner for divorce, alleging - failure to provide.
Marie . Reading was granted an Interlocutory
decree from George. Reading for cruelty." Edith
A. Rennell was granted a decree from Edward
J. Rennell for cruelty. ..Thomas McFarland
was granted a divorce from - Lucy McFarland
for desertion.
GOVERNOR SELLS PROPERTY.
OAKLAND. Aug.- 15.— Governor George C
Pardee, : through the Laymance-. Real "Estate
Company, has Just sold " a business block. and
lot on the corner of San Pablo avenue, and
Isabella street to Dr. J. tP. . Schmlte of San
Francisco. This Is the third -piece of property
in that neighborhood which has been sold . to
the San Francisco capitalist by the same firm.
Governor Pardee Is said •to have . received
$20,000 for his property.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS CROWDED.
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— The Board of Educa
tion has .rented two rooms ln v the old^Paclflo
Theological Seminary to : accommodate .pupils
crowded out of the Grant School. - This is tem
porary pending completion of the reconstruc
tion of the school. Superintendent of Schools
McClymonds said the/ enrollment . has been
heavy throughout the city, especially in the
northern portion, owing 'to the large Increase
in population.
PROFESSOR I.V WASHIXGTOX.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 15.— Dr.
Charles H. Gilbert, professor of zoology at th«
Stanford - University and chairman of , tho com
mittee on scholarships, announces that he wilt
not be able to return to the university to re
sume his duties until the latter part of No
vember. Professor Gilbert is In" Washington.
D. C. engaged in governmental study of the
habits of deeo sea fish.
WOMAN'S LEG :IS BROKEX.
SAN RAFAEL. 1 Aug. 15.— Mrs. . Charles Ma
son, while _ walking on a steep hillside near
her x cabin on \u25a0 Mount Tamalpals -yesterday,
missed her footing and fell.-- breaking her left
leg. Mrs. - Mason's late husband was British
Consul at San Francisco for many years.
Mr. and Mrs. Irving Lundborg, Miss Edith
Selby, Miss Bessie Palmer and Henry Chase
will Join a week's end house party \u25a0: in Mill
Valley this,, w.e.ek~wJtb_Hfirbert. Brown as host.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Barbour ' (nee Sterriitt)
are home from their wedding trip. :
•' » •
Mr. and Mrs. John. Htnkle of Berkeley re
turned on the steamer Queen yesterday morn-
Ing from Portland
' The Stanley Jaeksons have taken up their
residence at the Metropole;
George W. Austin has returned after a
pleasant and beneficial month \u25a0 at Byron
Springs.- P. A. Cox, who was also a visitor
at the Springs, is home again.
• • •
• • •
Mrs. W. E. Crellin has returned from the
East, where she was very ill with typhoid fe
ver, and : in. fact she has not entirely recov
ered even yet.
. Miss Georgle Strong will entertain at lunch
eon Thursday for j Miss Helen Garthwalte,
whose engagement to Arthur Tasheira is one
or the recent surprises Cupid has had in store
for us. The coming luncheon will probably
be followed by many other complimentary af
fairs, as the Garth wakes and Tashelras have
a large circle of friends with whom Mlbb Helen
is a great favorite. \u25a0 She is a daughter of Mr.
and \u25a0 Mrs. \V. XV. Garthwaite. Her fiance is
a son of Mr. and Mrs, L. Tasheira of Linda
Vista.
• • •
Mrs. Ralph W. Klnney, corresponding secre
tary of the club, will return, to-morrow from
Bonny Nook, a Shasta County resort, - where
she has been spending the summer. Mrs. J.
B. Hume, president of Ebell, .is also home
again, ' after a pleasant sojourn ' at' \u25a0 Shasta
Springs. . . • . .
Ebell will Issue the September bulletin in
a few days and the programme will be found
to be very attractive. The first meeting will,
as usual, be devoted to club business, social
life not really beginning- until the second
Tuesday, when th« luncheon takes place. The
19th will be California day, with Mrs. Wood
bury as presiding hostess, and on the last
Tuesday the board of directors will give a
reception to the other members of the club. .
• • •
The weddlnjr is to take place on September
7. at 6:80 p. m., with just the immediate
family present.
On the 22d Miss Edith Downing: of San
Francisco will give a luncheon in Miss Ken
na's honor..
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— Instead of. the elab
orate wedding first planned by Miss Kenna and
Mr. Orrick, they have changed their plans and
the ceremony will be simple as possible, on ac
count, of Mrs. Kenna's delicate health. Mrs.
Irving Burrell will attend her sister as matron
of honor arid Miss Elizabeth Orrick will be
the "bridesmaid. Father Kenna, president . of
St. Ignatius ' College anfi uncle of the bride
elcet, will pronounce the nuptial blessing, as
he has done for the other members of her fam
ily. Miss Kenna is the last of the trio -of
charming sisters, which Includes Mr«. George
Hammer and Mrs. Burrell. to marry. .'
PALO ALTO. Aug. 15— At a meeting
of the Board of Trade last night C. 1L
'Wooster of San Francisco was present
in the interest of a project to build a
fine tourist hotel in Palo Alto. A com
mittee was appointed for tho purposa
o£ securing stock subscriptions to th«
a/nount Of $50,000 and there are good
prospects that the amount will be sub
scribed. The town has not a flrat-clasa
hotel and for this reason few touri3ta
stop here except for an hour or two.
It was announced that the Super*
visors of Santa Clara and San ilateo
counties would unite in appropriating;
$3000 for a bridge across the San Fran
cisquito Creek at the Intersection of
Poep street in Palo. Alto. The town will
appropriate, $1000. This will insure «
steel or stone bridge.
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
Bibbero and State Senator Kddie I.
Wolfe, attorney for the lottery com
pany, corroborated Hodgkins. The
Chief denied that? any money had been
paid to him either directly or indirect
ly in the matter. State Senator G. R.
Lukens also appeared as counsel for
the lottery .company. Attorney L. S.
Church appeared for Perry, who,
Church said, would probably sue the
lottery company for the prize.
The Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners will m^c-t in regular ses
sion to-morrow to take such action
as may be deemed necessary in the
matter of the charge made by Mrs. L.
Ai. Harrison that she paid Chief Hodg
kins $1000 to "square" the Biroth case.
Mrs. Harrison will be given opportu
nity to make her complaint before the
board. Hodgkins has prepared his de
fense and says he desires an early
hearing.
No action has been taken by \ the
Commissioners as to a possible suc
cessor to Chief of Police Hodgkins in
case he should be relieved of his pres
ent position. Conferences among the
Commissioners have resulted only in
a decision that all charges against the
Chief must first be cleared up one way
or another before further steps can be
taken. If Hodgkins expresses a de
sire to step out and take his old posi
tion of detective the request will un
doubtedly be granted by the board in
case he should be exonerated.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15. — To be cast into
the flames and destroyed is the fate of
a $7500 prize winning lottery tii-ket
th« mutilation of which, as permitted,
it was charged, by Chief of Police
Hodgkins. has been a source fpr weeks
of much inquiry at police headiuartorj.
The order of destruction was made !.»y
Police Judge Mortimer Smith to-day
otter hearing the proceedings on a
R»;.rcl> v,-arrant sworn out by John
Perry, from whom the ticket was tak- n
1 y the r-olice.
The testimony of Chief Hodgkins
was in lir.e with his official statement
to the Police Commissioners mih sov
*ral ago. Hodgkins declared he
pcim'.ued ajrents of the comnany to
tJke the ticket, supposing they Intend
<?d nnrely to stamp a canceling mirk
on li. When D. Bibbero, manager •'\u25a0£
t^e con-puny, quickly tore out the. num
bers, tlie Chief exclaimed:
"My God, what have you done?"
Bibbero explained, according to
Hodpltins, that this was the way the
company canceled its dead tickets.
Otto L. Hasse, the manager of the
Central News Store, who was ' taken
with a violent attack of nervousness
when* the Investigation was at first
started and was unable to be present,
is, now in attendance. He Is the one
who had the malting out of the bills
and .swore at the -time of the filing that
they were true and correct. He ha 3
been the manager of the Central News
Company's store for a number of years.
While the Board of Supervisors are
conducting their investigation the
Grand Jury now has its expert making
a complete tabulation of the entire mat-
Ur and It is expected that when It
meets next Thursday it will .j push a
vigorous investigation with a view to
bringing Indictments against tho.ie who
are responsible.
"No, sir; w« never use that pen. We
have never had four boxes of that kind
of pens."
"Did you on that date purchase this
kind of a pen?" showing another kind.
•No." "'._-•
"Did you order six dozen bank stock
pads?"
"I have not had any In the office
for six months."
By comparing the bills with the orig
inal orders it is shown that in these
ways Grimm's bill, which totaled up
J3SB 4S for six months, had been
stuffed to the amount of $72 90 and as
it now stands it has been cut to $265 58.
In this manner the bills in every county
officer have been inflated with the ex
ception of County Assessor . Dalton,
who says that his bills are all right.
Notwithstanding this, however,. County
Expert Sabin has trimmed his bills
down $480 for six months, as it is
stated that it is utterly impossible for
him to have used the amount of stuff
he has received and he has no supply
on hand.
HASSE ATTEXDSSESSIOX.
SAME IN* EVERY, OFFICE.
"No. sir."- : .-.
"Did you buy four gross of stub
pens on that date?"
"Did you buy twelve gross of rubber
bands on that date?"
Another and a more serious manner
in which the officials have been taken
advantage of is shown in the duplicate
charges. Recorder Grimm was shown
where he had purchased a list of sup
plies, consisting of 'rubber bands, pen
cils,- etc., charged for two months In
succession. He admitted that the ar
ticles had been received but once, but
said there had been a double charge
made. The only way he could account
for it was that when the second_.bin
had been presented at the office he re
membered receiving the goods which
were probably in use at the time, and
supposing f the man to be honest, placed
his O. K. on ttie requisition. ' ! "' r '
Still another way that his bills had
been raised was by. the Insertion ;of
items that were never purchased. ' '
'"Did you purchase two gross of. Ko-r
hlnoor pencils on January 2, 1905?" was
asked by Hynes.
"No, sir," was the reply. \u25a0\u25a0_\u25a0 ,
"It looks as if that item had been
changed from six to ten.. There has
been an erasure" and the figures are
changed. I would like to state right
now that no bill has ever passed
through my hands with such marks
upon It."
BILL, IS CHANGED.
"Has there been any change made
In the bill since it received your O. K.?"
asked Deputy District Attorney Hynes.
His attention was then called to the
bill of January 24 and asked if the
bill, when- it was presented to him for
his signature, corresponded as to items
with his" book. He answered that it
did.
* OAKLAND, Aug. 15. — The investiga
tion begun by the Board of Supervis
ors into the alleged raising of the sta
tionery bills developed at this after
noon's hearing that the bills of County
Recorder Grimm had been* tampered
with and duplicate charges made of the
good 3 delivered. Recorder Grimm has
a book In which he keeps a record of
all the supplies that •he orders and
upon comparing the bills for several
months, he finds, first, that he "has been
charged for the same supplies several
months In succession and secondly,
that orders for goods have been raised.
Specific instances of this occurred
In the orders for gold seals. Grimm
stated that he had ordered 100 of them,
while the bill read 1000. On January
16 he is charged up with one gross of
cork -penholders, which his book
showed should have been a half-gross.
On January IV, he says, he ordered two
boxes of envelopes, whereas, the
charge is two gross. On the same date
he is charged with a dozen balls of
Manila twine and he said he got three
balls. • •
Special Dispatch to Tna Call.
"We hold that, strictly speaking, the Hatch
fund, if used at all for outlying work, should
be devoted to special investigations limited in
scope and extent and carried on under con
ditions which will permit their discontinuance
or removal to other localities as e'oon as the
special problems which are involved in them
are solved to . the extent which- may reason
ably be expected, according to the character
of 1 the experimental inquiries undertaken. In
outlying work conducted on this basis the
Hatch fund may be used for any expendi
tures on account of the investigations, includ
ing salaries labor, apparatus and supplies,
but not Including the purchase or rental of
land" or the erection •" of building*. If the
station authorities insist on maintaining sub
stations after we have advised the withdrawal
of the Hatch fund from them, we can ask
the Treasury to withhold further payment of
the Hatch \u25a0 fund until we have reirorted the
matter to Congress.'/ iWJ • ->< .»;-; .
Sixth — The maintenance of permanent sub
stations endangers our revenue from -\u0084 the
Hatch funds. \u25a0 We have been in conflict with
the Department of Agriculture for years on
this subject, and are now likely to be called
sharply to account for using: th© Hatch funds
In this way. In a letter written June 26.
IDOS Dr. A. C. True, Director of the Office of
Experiment Stations of the United States De
partment of Agriculture, says:
"Congress is insisting on a more strict ex
penditure of the Hatch fund. I hope, there
fore, that, as far as possible, _ you will be able
to make an arrangement by which the Hatch
fund can be withdrawn * from the sub
stations.
Fourth — The discontinuance of a sub-station
does not mean that we art -fOTßaklnjc work
In a district, or locality. It simply means
that we are proceeding . In a more direct
and rapid way to serve the whole State
(and that locality as a part of It) by send
ing our men and eaulpment for limited pe
riods to the very, places where they . can do
the best and most useful work for agricultural
eclence or practice, or for both. ' • v
Fifth — The diversion of money from the
maintenance of permanent sub-atatlons is not
for the purpose of ' expending it- at the cen
tral station, but It Is for the purpose of ex
tending investigation in every direction and
Into more pressing subjects.
Second—As the station work of the uni
versity has expanded, as many unanticipated
lines of investigation have forcibly suggested
themselves, . and aa the demand for special
work has arisen among many classes of pro
ducers In various parts of the State, the sy«
tem of permanent BUb-stations has been found
to be cumbersome, inelastic and expensive,
and to interfere • with proper direction o* our
effort and expenditures to accomplish the
greatest good in scientific discovery and in
practical helD to farmers in their difficult
problems. . We equipped ourselves with able
men, but have not been able to Ret the most
out of them because the \u25a0 funds which they
should work with bave been consumed in
maintenance of permanent stations which are
neither praiseworthy in appearance nor ade
quately productive of valuable results.
Third— lt is a plain teaching of experience
that the \u25a0 Investigator must undertake his
problem wbere It actually exists and in the
environment which surrounds it, and our most
significant results have been reached \u25a0 where
we have secured the use of property, during
its usefulness, 1 : for lnvestlgational purposes, ana
no longer.
First — It was never the intention •. to main
tain these establishments perpetually. They
Were intended to continue indefinitely — their
existence to be determined by their u sef "J*
ness. In accordance with this. view two other
stations established at the same time have
already been discontinued.
' BERKELEY, .Aug. 15.— Professor E.
J. Wickson, dean of the agricultural
college, issued an official statement to
day giving an account of the college's
policy with respect , to discontinuing
sub-stations, which hitherto have been
maintained In various parts of the
State.- At a meeting of the Regents
last Tuesday citizens of Tulare pro
tested against tho of
the . sub-station of the* university near
that city. Their arguments are be
lieved by Professor Wickson to be fully
answered in the following statement lie
has issued: \u25a0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Appropriations Endangered
.by Continuance of Policy
Followed in the Past
San 3Eateo Supervisors and
Contractors to Appoint
3lembers of Commission
Grand Jury Xow Has Expert
Tabulating the Data for
Its Use at *Xext Meeting
Chief of Police Hodgkins
Says He Was Not Compen
sated for Paper's Mutilation
America- has- always welcomed the thrifty
and Industrious Immigrant who is anxious to
avail himself of the- privilege of American
citizenship .< and apprecates Its responalbiltlcs.
But we must call a halt to 'the. class which
cannot assimilate and which would undermine
our Institutions. • •
Of the M 2.570 immigrants arriving in 1904
over COO.OOO entered at- the port of New York
and less than 10,000 at Californian ports. Re
siding in this State if is difficult for us to
fully appreciate the menace of European im
migration which is brought so strikingly homo
to the residents of the Atlantic seaboard.
Neither can many of our Eastern friends
understand |or appreciate our attitude lr» re
gard to Asiatic immigration. California has
but nine Congressmen. Pennsylvania has
thirty-two members of the House of Repre
sentatives, and in that entire State, accord
ing to the Federal census of 1900. there aro
but forty Japanese. Illinois has
members of the lower house of _Congress. and
In that State the""3apanese" population Is but
eighty. Ohio contains but twenty-seven Jap
anese. I mention these facts to call attention
to the conditions which the California delega
tion in Congress' is bound to face.
\u25a0President Roosevelt is sound on the immi
gration question. In one of his messages to
Congress he uses these words:' "It is vital
that we should keep high; the standard of
well being among ouy..wagt,;'. tl9}orkers,t 1 9}orkers, and
thcwfptß we should twl^adjoH'jejasses of men
who*e*««n\Uriis ot/Wng: ani.l^hose personal
cystoms and . habits , are \u25a0 such that they tend
to lower the level \u25a0of . the 'American wage
worker; and above all we' should not admit
any man of an unworthy type." His words
certainly strongly apply to the type of Asiatics
against whom Callfornians are contending:
1 wish every merchant, every mechanic and
every laboring; man throughout the United
Ptates totild find the time to carefully Btudy
the startling Ufrures issued by. the Commis
sioner General of Immigration, for they cer
tainly furnish food for the most . serious
thought. During the month of April of this
year 137.09* immigrants entered the United
States, a daily average of over 4569, an in
crease of 45,771 over the corresponding month
of 19<5i. For the nine •- months ending with
March Cst>.:OT allen3 landed upon our soil/ an
increase of over 100,000 compared with the
corresponding period in 1594. For the fiscal
year ending June. 11)04. the total arrivals were
512.5"0. an increase of over 500,000 compared
wlth'l«o4 a decade ago.
Of the immigrants arriving during the fiscal
year 19U4 1W.003 could neither read nor: write
and 801.5J0 brought with them lees than $50
cash. These figures certainly demonstrate that
our present 1 laws are not adequate to check
the increasing tide of immigration or improya
the quality of aliens who are dally being ad
mitted. nearly every session of Con
gress more Btringent laws are proposed, but
powerful opposition from many of the great
Atlantic eteamshlp companies has too fre
quently resulted in the defeat of needed legis
lation, these companies fearing that a profit
able source of revenue would be interfered
with. It has taken years of patient and per
sistent effort to place upon the statute books
the restrictive measures , now in force, and
unless public sentiment, the most potent of
factors in shaping legislation, becomes thor
oughly aroused little improvement can be hoped
for In the future.
Of the various problems now confronting the
American people the Immigration question \u25a0!•
one of tbe most serious. While Ido not under
estimate the importance of the railway rate
kgiislauon, tariir revision, the ratification by
the Senate of pending treaties and other isauea
now being generally discussed by individuals
and press, the immigration question is cer
talniy deserving- of as serious consideration.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 15. — Congressman- J.
R. "Knowland delivered an address to
night before the Unitarian Club upon
immigration.- The Congressman made
a strong point in showing by "figures
how the East was menaced by Euro
pean immigration, while the. West was
menaced by Oriental immigration, and
that each section had its dangers from
the influx of a foreign population. He
said: \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u0084''\u25a0 . '\u25a0 , .
EXPERT MAKES REPORT
Supervisors of. Santa Clara
and San 3lateo Counties to
Build a Handsome Bridge
WANT TO GET $50,000
ORRICK-KENNA
WEDDING WILL
BE QUIET ONE
DENIES GETTING COIN
HIS FIGURES ALTERED
Atlantic Steamship Companies Are Said
to Oppose Restrictive Laws.
INTERESTS GOVEKNMENT
Investigation Shows Record
er Grimm Was Charged
for Wliat He Did Not Get
Professor Wickson Issues
Statement in Answer to
the Citizens of Tulare
Alleged Irregularities m
Connection With Building
of Courthouse to Be Probed
1 rustees Appoint Committee
to Solicit From Citizens
Funds for New Structure
.Til dire Smith Pronounces His
Decree Upon Lottery Cou
pon That Caused Trouble
Congressman Sounds Warning on Danger
of Influx of Ignorant Paupers.
ORDERS PRIZE
TICKET BURNED
COUNTY'S BILLS
MUCH INFLATED
WHY STATIONS
MUST BE MOVED
BOARD TO MAKE
INVESTIGATION
TOURIST HOTEL
FOR PALO ALTO
KNOWLAND LECTURES
ON IMMIGRATION.
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY; 10, 1905.
.'PALO ALTO, -Aug.. 15.— The- Board of Town
Trustees completed its work to-day as a Board
of ' Equalization..'.' The assessed valuation of
property In Palo 'Alto is $2,125,000,' an increase
of $225,000 over last year'--' \u25a0:\u25a0',\u25a0"-\u25a0
GROWTH f OF PALO ALTO.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— Mrs. Maria ; Layman;
\u25a0who but two , weeks s ago • become the:* bride 'of
Bernard Layman.' • died fat i Providence * Hps
pltal- to-day, aged -20 years..,- Only ..three' days
after her .wedding; Mrs. Layman -was stricken
with . typhoid'; pneumonia, and was .- taken ;,' to
the ; hospital, ,' Where ; she t grew -. rapidly worse
until death ended her ; suffering. 'The • deceased
was- a' native 1 : of this' city.- -No arrangements
for - the funeral f have , yet ;; been announced, i .
bride: called by death.
4
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Glycozone
Endorsed by the Medical Profession.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by LC*din? Druj risU.
Vet g«notae dslets Itbel bears m jr (ignttaxc : . .
Out g^^tefc^b,
61 0 Prince Street, N. Y.
Write f^r free tnrormntlnn aliont
HVmtnXOVK atd VLICOZOKB.
ras!! \& ™ *' no a Ppi ness can complete. How
Hr!^ i@^ P^^ 111 sweet the picture of mother and babe,
mjpr. ||f _.'!\u25a0* wmm^ \ B ' . angels .smile at and commend tha
M 3 d&S B dH^L Baa thoughts and aspirations of the mother
fflw rara H if"" W^ bending: over the cradle. The ordeal through
«» ti H P E3 which the expectant mother must pass, how-
W H ever, is so full of danger and suffering that .
-f^fti . she looks forward to the hour when she thai]
feel the exquisite thrill of; motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the Use of Mother's Friend,
\u25a0a scientific liniment for external use only, .which. toughens and renders
pliable ; all the parts, and -___ __ _ J |_ ___J_ " -„_
great crisis in perfect safety IKSI Bi la
value to all women sent "free. Addres* gf" ffl^H » %a*m. I'l N
BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO- Atlanta. Blm. m Bla S &£\u25a0 B M tBX/"J- SANTA \u25a0 ROSA, Aug. C IA.-^— The"-" town^ of Se
bastopot - to-day ', voted .", to \u25a0; issue - bonda Jin ' th^
sum. ' of $*s<>,C<M> ' for - municipal • Impravements.
The election was almoat unrtnfmcua in favcr of
t&s propcsitlcn. \u25a0\u25a0- ';\u25a0:. ". : \u25a0-.\u25a0>\u25a0 : " T;
Sebastopol Will Be Improved,
Government : has \u25a0 reneweil , the \u25a0 mall ' contract
\u25a0with. \u25a0 the : Union - : Steamship : Corapany, 1 for;.; the
Canadian- Au2traHan ' line, i the subsidy • payable
by the Dominion . being raised 515.C00. - - • .
VICTORIA. . 8. . Ci i Aug. 15.*— The ; Canadian
Mail - Contract Reaewei.
- FOBTLAND, Aug. 15J — Ten -thousand iollari
wm be raised by the Chinese ex Portland ta aid
ta tie boycott ta Cain* against American gooda.
Two meetings «f the lecal colony have been
held at which It was decided that each Chines-
In Portland should ; contribute at least $2 =tc
carry on the " campaign.' - The movement was
instigated t y a secret ' erganizattca ia \u25a0 San
yr»Tirisro.'^^HßßßßßB WBS&SSB££\ -
Aid Boycott.
Portland Celestials to Raise 910,000 t»
OBEGOX CHXSESE ACTUE.
Fil 1» . Vacancies . Existlns; In the Boards
of \u25a0 Maria ; and .' Saa Luis
-Obljipo.-:. j ';-;;;
SACRAMENTOw : Aug.' 15."— Governor Pardee
has appointed J. E. ? Apsey'oC Arroyo Grande aa!
Supervisor . of the Fourth ' District'; of San T^i
Obt3po : Cocnty, ', vice •K. >: F. •? Moore. ; deceased.
He also has - apr«jinted Carl ' J. > Ccbunr \u25a0aa Sa
pervisor of the Fifth i District of Marin County,'
vice C. L.';3ilcCTack.en,' : resigned. ;' -\u25a0•;; ;* -
. MARTSVILLJE^'-'Ausl IS.^— Daaiet Haraioa.
who cianns that he is a member of the noted
Harmon! famllyV of Ohio . and i tbat= he left': thi
Bticieye State to arota disgracing- a cood name
by \u25a0; his '\u25a0\u25a0 appetite ; tor i liquor. % was ; to-day i sen
tenced to four years 1 in Folsora. after pleading
sullty to •' a t charge iat U.rceny. < \u25a0 There ; was > a
prior conviction, agateat. him to this county.;
Man Clalnaine .to Be One of the < Har
mons of Ohio Glvea a Fovr
';-. Year Seatence.
GOVERNOR PARDEE ; APPOLNTS
SUPERVISORS Df WV O COUXTTES
3IE3tBER OFSOTEO FA3IILT
/ SE.VT TO JAIL 3 FOR THIEVWG
Sleeplns Car Reservatloas Dtscontln
:\u25a0/_. : \u0084 -\u25a0 ned.' \u25a0.
On and after September 1.- 13C5, the practice
Saf maWas"sleepln«-«ar reservations win he dls
: contiEtted.' ; Sleeptn»-car , tlc&eta . win be scM la
: advance. This chansa Is madefor the pcrpos*
lo£ better acconnnodatius ' travelers. ; ; Very oTten
dHßlicate reservations have been made for oce
Herman, -w-hile at the ' same tima - others have
been, denied accommodations \u25a0 whfch. they cocld
\u25a0 hay* secnredilmt tori these dapUca.te reserva
: tiens- 1 : ; In * many '<\u25a0 casee ' reservations aj« mad*,
" and. althoosh . the . traveler changes Ma plan*,
he \u25a0= fails to ' &** \u25a0- ootlce f thereof, consequently
' the space jaes ttnoccuplecv, while other . travel
lers have been denied tie accomswdations they
[desired.: '-\u25a0 'V-':- ; -"-''- - ; ' * :.'..\u25a0;\u25a0:;\u25a0.•\u25a0,:
Chinese at Macao Cut Halyard* of Old
Glory at American Coasalate.
Two- days before the' Oner MocsoH* : called
at Macao Csfitf! States Consul Andersen had
pet to a btay loretcon straightening ' cat a
Uttle iaternatlocal - campllcatioc-' '\u25a0.. Durta* the
night a. crowd or boycott-nxad Chinese- cot the
halyards of the ' consulate flag- 'and. at 'the, toot
cf the Caa-star pUed heap* cf decayln* vexe
tah!e«. oCal and ether evll-«iaenins odds and
.Consul ABderson handled tha a£air with
nrwsptness. He discovered the cotrac* at day
break and before ss=ris<%the halyard* had been
rallced under orders from the Chinese author
ides the rubbi«a removed and In th« Cocsur*
hands was a humble official apology for ,th«
baalt to Qt« fiag. •
wcrtaaanshipv*' Ia this pen we^glve more than
U expected, 'f It . ts , the : beat pen .that ever acid
for $1 J. ! Toa can ! have' it ' ba -fine,' medium \u25a0ot
stufr^pens.' black ' and ' mottled - holders. " "Wt
tennan Ideal" Fountain .Pens,- |is*> ta '- S3
each. Sanbcrn, Vail & Co.; X*l ilarfc*t
street-: - -. :~:>§s^s^.i3§&9g9tEK& . " .
The Principal
Cost*, of a. "Marshall • Foirntafn Pen \u25a0is in ; the
CHAJTGE LX PUUJIAJf SERVICE.
IXSULT TO THE FLAG.
ORGANIZED ILVT. 1300.
' Follow in? ire caplttis. Sa.«irday. August
12,"13C5: No. 3«.60». fZZQQ. sold tn Saa Fran
cisco, CaL; No. 50.7Z5. fSXn." sold ia Lc» .In
gres. Cal.; No. 33.4.58, SieoO;. sold in Santa
Cms CaL; No. 65.055, $500. ' sold In Los 'An-
S«les, CaL; No. C 3534, $250, sold In San Fran
cisco, CaL ; Na^' 43^854, $is<>. s>jld in S*n Frun
ciaco.; C*L' . \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .- \u25a0 '"'- '\u25a0'\u0084\u25a0-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0",' '-\u25a0'. \u25a0'\u25a0-'-
The R. G. Company paid to C H. 1 Davis, 200
J St., Sacramento." CaL, for client, one-cjnarter
Of " Srtt capital of : Sll>.oO<>.ot> , for one-quarter
ticket NOv 1162. of . July Kth. 1 13C5; tff W. A.*
Dcuaijerty." 101» Third st^ Santa Rosa. Cal^T
JK«O.CO for whole ticket No. ZXSSi, of Jaly
The -Louisiana R. C Compaay o£ Saa
Francisco.
Sherman Circle, Ladies of the Grand
Arm y «» I the' Republic^ Ia •
Instituted. 1 - .
• SALINAS. Aagr. I3»— Sherman Circle No. tt.
Ladies at tie Grand "Army of the; RepabHc, has
been installed at iTanterey by Grand President
Mrs. : E. Krebs- of San Francisco, \u25a0 with thirty'
charter members. VFollowtni? are the officers
: for the first termr -. S. Hardins. pruskleiit; it-
Yoans? -and EL Flncn. vice residents; "W*. lli
chaeiis. secretary^ ' H.\ Rodricft,';: treaaorer; R.^
Faddcn, chaplain; ' M. . Stewart, aaetstar^ con
ductor; A- -Fleischer, assistant gTiard.
tny s , Company : at 5 San "\u25a0 Francisco/ was ;, ts-day
awarded \u25a0 the . contract for pavin* the ,• straet*
of Reno. Several California Urns competed for
the woric -The contract represents aboat ?Ta.
«>O.worth, of wori w bevUoae hers on. the
streets within tlwi next tw» yeare. : :
A warded. Contract for ?T3UK)O Worth of
Work os Hfehwayi of Xeraat.
Tottb.
RENO, An?. 13.— The Barber Asphalt Pay-
SAX FHA3CCISCO FIKM WILI*
PAVE THE STREETS OF RE?TO
THIRTY MOXTEBEY WOMEJT
ORG.LMZEASEW SOCIETY
VALE, Or^ '\u25a0 Ang-. 13.— Franlc Cammon. i%<*i
33, was shot and allied In a'c.sarzel at West
fall on Sunday last. '• The qtrarrel involved sev
eral • others and the ftriny became seneraL
several • of ;-. the participants beins hurt during
the shootiny, .bet cone seriously,* save Cam
nan, who dropped dead rrcnv- a. shot tn the
•bead. Marshal Cary of WestfaH was shot ' at
fey Qtmmnn while ..; actfiis aa a . peacemater.'
He returned Camnwn's fire with fatal effect.
Ball From MarahaT* Revolver End
' Life of the Haa Wbo Shot
-I^- Jv v " r""« at " Him. . \u25a0
SEATTLE, Any. \u25a0 VL— Owtns \u25a0ta the hea.»y
paasenser \u25a0 travel between Seattle and - Skn
Francisco, tts /Pacific : Coast Steamship Com
panr win send the steanissin Valencia to Saa
Fracdsco Frfclay toetain care of the larse
number of passMS*" now In this city and
Portland waiting foe vessels. Tfe« company's
fetaanishtp City of Puehla, sailtns to-morrow, is
now sold oat and thera are cnly a few berths
left on the steamship . Urratflla. leaving five
dayi later. The Valencia -arrtved ta port this
inomln? from Valdez- _._\u25a0
Paelflf Coast Steamsnlp Company Com
pelled to Pat oa Anotlier Ves»el
to Care for Traffic. \u25a0*.
CAPACITY OF XORTHEKX SHIPS
ISTAXEDTOTHE UTMOST
BULLETS FLY DUHKG FIGHT
AXD O>E MAX " IS KILLED
The Original Little Louisiana Company
ot Saa Francisco, established
January. ISST.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO TEE PUBLIC.
THE ORIGINAL LJTTLE LOCISIAN'A COM
PANY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
EataDllalied January, tSST.
Each coupon haa the Initials il. & F. oc the
face and back cf the ticket. "
The f onowtnjc are the capitals August 12.
12U5: No. 3<Maa, $T3OaOO-. sold ta San. Fran
ciaco. CaL; No. 50.X33. |UoCae<^ aoli tn Sin.
Francisco. CaL; No. S3.4SS, JICCO.CO. ao!d In.
San Francisco, CaJ.; No. «8.035, «3CO, sold tn
San Franclscov CO.L ; Ncis- 33554-43364. eACh.
12M.CQ. sold In Sac Francisco, Cat and Oak
land, CaL : .-:,\u25a0:
The fotlowtos . capitals were paid by the
above company for "July 15. 1005 1 - Charfes
F. Thomas (shfp calker with Clark & Web
ster, shipwrights,. 102 Stecart st.> residing- at
No. ZffiVx Clemeatina st, San . Francisco^ CaL,
53750.C0; John B. Lord (witii Wells Farzo &
Co.*» Exprea3> residing at No. 4CS Ellis St,
Ear. Francisco. CaU 5.1T50.00-, Oorse Levy,
"Tlie Arcad*," No J.ZI ~~KT', at., Sacramento,
CaJL. fIOCC.W>; Jlarta Garbarino. No. 61 Board
man place, between Sixth and , Seventh, Bry
ant and Brannan sts.. San Francisco. CaJ.',
J3CO.OJ. " : • •.
XAPA, Acs. 15.— A new company has been
organized . to operate a noatery and knitted
(roods factory in Napa. Articles o£ Incorpora
tion of the company, the ?xapa. Valley 3£anu
facmring 1 Company, were Sled . In " the County
Clerf s office . to-day. This • wtn be the : only
factory of its kind ; on tfle uoas t and tt will
have a largre capacity. The directors of I the
new company are Everett rnilippt of s'Uverton.
0r.,- and Charles H. Carter. John Carter Jr..
Gertrude Girter and John Cartsr Sr_ of . JCapa.
The capital stock of the ne^r company id
|23.C0<X ot which StiCCO haa been achscrttwd.
The factory will employ about flttj^. persona
and win. sapply a large traaie aU over the Pa
dflc Coast. ' .
Company to ."Manufacture Hosiery and
Knitted Good* Is Incorporated |
Ia Asylum Tona.
SAN JOS E. Aug. la. — Gndaunted i
by the destruction of his aeroplane and [
the death, of Aeronaut Moloney on July
19, Professor John Montgomery of
Santa. Clara College has begun the con
struction of two new ' aeroplanes on
similar.-. lines.-* Some tnodlncatlon3.
however, will be made, and for some
parts of the machine will be
substituted for wood.' Several experi
enced balloon men have applied for the
position of aeronaut and Eastern par
ties have ma.d<* propositions to him for
an aeroplane exhibition circuit. Mont
gomery feel 3 confident that he has the
right principle, but he says that he will
not ; take up the Question of a motor,
which is essential to ' the practical use
of his aeroplane, until his machine has
been thoroughly perfected.
FrFTY PERSOXS A*ILL FI3TD
* WORK AT NEW XAPA FACTORY
MAKTSVrtiE. Aug. li — Tie astScriti«s si
Tn ia Cbusrj- <*r« wonderJsg wSy tiey cannot
gst a fseble-in&bZcd child acsntttrf to toe C. -rj
yTT~? Homa far Feeate-iCaiJed Children. Foi
four Trr***-* G-?ctt"-i — :cr«, m. w«a^ rzir. Lk !
gtr!. has he«a ccitaaed fci tie Cac=t7 Hospital
her« awaltlss tsarafer to th« hcrae-. hut ever?
reqaest for "aifnrfttaire trtags tha answer. "7t|
room."* The case has caoaetj no littl* corn*
meat h*re. particsiiarty sinca » tgt:«ii£ r-port
siowi that the atasber cf sat±en£a ta tae hem*
haa decreased.
STILL BELIEVES
IN AEROPLANE
The Southern Pacific Railroad offi
cials having charge of the work of
combating Inroads of Salton Sea
upon the company's tracks will at once.
It is reliably stated, tear .up the re
cently constructed "shoo-fly** track of
fifteen or more miles. This will neces
sitate a detour beginning-at ITortemere
and extending to Volcano Springs,
where the main line will again be
reached.
SAN" BEKSARDTSO. Aug. 15.— "The
entire flow of the Colorado River ts
now passing into the Salton sink and
the water there is rising an inch every
twenty-four hours.' Below Imperial the
big canal in-take Is practically dry."
Such was the serious -piece of Infor
mation brought to San Bernardino late
last night by J. M. Cardiff, a resident
of this city and a landholder in the
district. Cardiff has Just
been over the Imperial and Salton
country and brings news of the situa
tion direct.
cocstmcticn. c* two new passenger atsasi«rs
and the* Improvement cf th« Port Harford
California docfc* were determln«d opon by the
Padscs Cisart Company durtns ti« vtsit of
President H. W. Casnos to the coast. Cannnn
left for Xew Tori to-day, tr. E. Pearse. gen
eral manager ot the Paarc Coast Steamship
Company. left last nisfht tor San Fnadjco.
where plans for the cs-w boats wtu be drawn up.
Picas Eala rsetnent of Dorfctng Factl-
Hie-» and Electric Plaat sad Coa
\u25a0tracttea of Xevr Steamer*.
SEATTLE. ' Aus. 13. —^The constracttoa •cf a
new dock on the aits of the old gravel hcaSsrs.
th« enlargement of Use electric H«nt plant
that scppCes Lawsoa and ELart Dtamosd. tha
PACIFIC COAST COMPASY
WILL SPESD A LABGC SITS
Refusal t» Admit Girl t» Bone Cuoaw
of 3lacl» Cvaarsemt ia City
of ajary-Trd*.
XO ROOM AT GLES ELLE\
FOR r"EEBLE-SIEVTJEII> <*MT».r»
EUREKA, Aug. 1». — Art. ineffecttral
attempt \u25a0wras made last night to blow
open the safe of the Arcade, one of the
largest dry goods houses in this city.
Before setting to work the cracksman
coolly helped himself to one of the pro
prietor's cigars and calmly smoked
away as he boreii into the strong boar*
There "were several thousand dollars In
the vault, but the robber did not reach
the money compartment. Evidences of
hurried Sight show that he was fright
ened away or overtaken by daylight.
WATER RISING
IN SALTON SINK
This ts til first time that Ciiaa. was »-e-er j
csited en. ac7 one subject, but en tie mat- |
ter of this boycott the people art aisotiitely^ ;
\u25a0oaanimcas. The Government, howev^iv has j
BGthins wha.tev»r to do wltfc. tt. The gvcxrr ]
and th<i raerefcasta are ti« ones who hare sar
fer«l and the whole reapcnaiiaillty lies witJi
the=L Ttey do act A-«k America, to- i*c«i7<s
car laborers, bet they do want th* United
States to =aka perfectly clear what Is sicaat
by a laborer.
*I-t. LABORERS.
A Cbtaeae. 13 Saa Fraadsco. eataillahea
a ne-arsp*per. He la aHoweii to land becac^e
he owns the paper, bat he cannot send to
China fcr editors, r^pcrtars or cot&pcsitars, fc«- j
casae yeu class thrtn. all aa labcrers. A
Chinese niercnant In Ane.-.ca cr tie a«ent in j
the Ccited States of a Chinese firm ta China i
—•ist. have Chinese bookkeepers and account- f
ants. Americans cannot &o this work. an»l .
joe "will aot allow **\u25a0** to send to China for I
men thai <•*!". because jroar Immigration pec pis (
<\u25a0•*+* ties all aa iaiorers. Aa the law has j
been enforced all persons from China, oth^r I
than Government ofsclaU. are laborers unless j
they ar» the actaal owners of some basine=s j
You weleciae them, you say. and are pfcaaed ;
to see them wttain your borders. With the
same breach, however, you tea them they must j
be taelr own clerks, accountants, report-rs, j
editors, ccmpcsitcrs and everything else. _
The stadents who cotae here are boys sentry
reared and far less acccstcaed to xssocUc*
with the cooUi than ts the American boy In |
siniUr ctrcnnista«cea with the corresponding j
c^sa ia th:s ccuatry. Yoa are supposed to j
have no class distinctions here. In China, the
fines are drawn sl^rply. Tet yea tales this
box. turn him over to an Inspector who has !
n.» means ot diatissntsbing a. laborer tram |
mandarin; for we are all men cZ similar mold. ,
*h« treaw th« boy « a laborer unXl he P^»» ;
etherwise. These st=d*nta of to-day ar» u.e .
men wi» to-morrow will be buU.fin« railrcada )
and ~:^'i-*x law» la. Cslna, and If you resuiy j
wast enr trade and our frwratdship it seems to
me this ia not the way t» get _tt s^.
I* an American ccmes to China, ana wtsnes
to v«Jit aay part cf th» country aE he ha* M
do Is to apply to his Consul, who gets for him
i paa-port The passport Ia Issued on the Cca
cueationa. does not examine the haada of k a«
applicant in ««arch of call-^es, does not. even
see him. As£ tiax pasipcrt "gwaT wherever It
the ether side. A .Chinese f«n
tle^ni^es t» TUit America. -Hetote hU ;
credestlaii or passport to the C^ £J"*s •
ror«ul and secures his tadorsement. When th* ,
'\u25a0 w*A toi cf an. cptoloa do yea think that
aa?SdW wS. VUI have of the . Umted
Stales Ccn»ul whese indcrsement en the pa-*
pc^ proved of so Uttle avail.
,^>-a wants two thtass—s. clear defialtica
i frieeds a*aJa- - . - . '
1 Baron Stael -de Holstein. wbo has been
[attached to the Russian embassy at Pc- ;
l^j^g. was a passenger on the Mongolia-
He U returning to St. Petersburg, hnt
will can ax Portsmouth to deliver some .
personal disnatches to his chief, who is
with the peace commissioners.
men who met him en the liner, and then
he did the firing. He said:
Ineffectual Attempt 3lade to
Eob Vault of Store in
Eureka, y
CTTITED STATES rONSUI. AT DAX^.'T. WHO HAS BEEK ACTEfG COXSTTL GES
EEAX- AT SHAXGHAt AND CHTSESE TRADE COMHISSIOXER WO.VG KAI
RAH, BOTH OF WHOM ARRIVED TESTERDAT ON THE MONGOLIA.
BULLFROG. Xev., Aug. 15.— 1t was
stated here on good authority this
morning that last night John Y. Mc-
Kane and associates representing
Charles Schwab purchased , the inter
ests of the Montgomery Mountain Min
ing Company, taking irt the" Shoshone
Polaris property on the northeast and
the Montgomery Shoshone Mining Com
pany's property on the east/ The
Crystal Mining Company, which is con
trolled b-y Schwab, Is the purchaser.
The property is said to have been
banded far J3.GGO.QQG- - - ,7- '.
SMOKES -CIGAS WHILE
BORING INTO SATE
Eepresentatives of Charles
Schwab 3lake Purchase in
Bullfrog District.
THREE BULLION PAID
FOE NETADA MINES
commissions spectaCy to receive and lock
after such Chinese students and mer
chants as visit the Old World. Their visit
U made pleasant as possible for them,
*nd wfces they return to Citaa later it is
to these places where they have been
kindly treated that they turn for their
locomotives, «teel rails and other things
tV^r axe growing in. demand In a China
wMch is getting wider and wider awake.
Wong Kai Kah is a graduate cf Yale,
*t£ aad the leaven of the traditions of his
4)^- a. cater has wcrk=d him mto a pret
ty rood Anerican.
"-pxre away,** he said to the newspaper
In Belgium, ir/ vi other European coun
tries there are Government-Appointed
Tie .news traveled fast throughout the
kingdom. Wherever a native, paper was
published there was printed and circu
lated i ccpy cf this cablegram, gyyt with
in & few 'weeks after the publication the
merciiants and students " throughout the
lasd were holding mass-meetings. The
suggesticn cf a boycott en American
goods fell upon fertile soil, g^<* the mave
= me=t .soon assumed alarming proportions.
' \u25a0 The . Chinese Government cS.dz.ia. de
clares Davidson, did all they could to ar
rest the movement, but without any defl
crte cnders^andlzg with tils Government
"to their arguments their eiTorts
availed little.
"As a matter cf fact.** said Davidson,
"the Chinese merchants want to do bosi
cesa with the United States, and I do not
.thirk they intended t^'* boycott move
'\u25a0 merit .to go as far as it has. The boycott,
.however, is being made free use cf by our
cosipe.titors in the Far East. Germans,
French, Belgians. English and others are
new r^t^TT tie Chinese merchants oa
the back *-,* advisirig them, to go ahead
atod pay Uncle s?rn back for the aumiil-
Ations he has heaped upon them through
his method of enforcing the exclusion act.
•Vfe welcome ycc In cur land/ they «ay.
-we treat you with the courtesy and dig
•city ycur exalted station demands and,
as a matter of ~face~ or self-respect, you
\u25a0 should trade with us rather than with
tils land wfcere yoa are all treated as
coclies.* **
WHAT OTHER I*A>"DS DO.
The bcycott vrx% started, says Davld
na, after tie receist in Shanghai of a,
cablegram frcm a. Chinese in Washington
to a, native newspaper. This cablegram
stated that tie United States had pre
.par-d a. new treaty, embodied La ' which
wjs exclusici o.f Cni-ese from America
en -a wholesale seal*. Not only laborers
were 'to be kept out of the land of the
free, but also 'Chinese merchants, stu
dents a_2d ri;e. .'» ,
Davidscn for a long time was Consul
ftt Fcrmcsa. Shortly before the begin
ning cf the Russo-Japanese war he was
Appointed Ccnsul at Antung, in Manchu
ria. He did net arrive in the Orient, how
ever, until two weeks after the wax had
begun, and his new poet was right in the
thick cf Japan's whirlwind advance en
ilancturia. Davidson never got there,
«nd when Goodnow was removed from
£harg*-a; Davidson was ordered to that
pert a.3 Acting Ccrrsul General He now
holds the appointment as Ccmsul at Dai
ry, and would be there now had not an
•.track cf typhoid fever made it neces
eary fcr him to make a trip home for his
health. .
BOYCOTT'S OK I G IV.
A=s: « tie who arrived yes
teriajr from tie Orient on the liner Mon
ff*^ two men who knew probably
•a much about Cfciaa/s anti-American
bcycott aa arybedy cutaide cf the direct
tzstigitsrs cf the txboo. Qce of these is
J. W. Davidson, who has been Acting
United States Consul at Shanghai, and
the ether Wong Kai Kah, who was one
cf China's commissioners to the St. Lcuis
.Exposition and who Is cow here as a
trade commissioner. Both men occupy
high cSciai pesiticra *zid each appears
to be frankly wiping to tell all he knows
abcut the situation.
Both Arrive From
: Orient on the
Mongolia.
WongKai Kah Gives
China's Side of
Affair.
stacfc J2CCO. insurance fSOU; F. il. Cartock.
turf stibles, barn and bLacksmtth. snop $3000,
uniEaur»d; Dr. Victor W. SttxA >1CO«>, nntn
sured; H. £. Arms, stock S2CW» unlamired.
Three alarms were sent in in Quick sue- :
cession and the Fire Department from.
Kern City wa3 called to aid in \ battling
the fiames. Every effort was made to
save the opera-house, but without avaiL
So Quickly did the flames spread that
practically nothing was removed from, the
burning buildinxs.
The Opera cafe and Opera meat mar
ket, which occupied the lower floor of
the opera-house, "were gutted and their
entire stock, amounting! to" something
over JlflGth destroyed. The following
were the keaviest losers:
- TSV H. Scribner, c^era-house and ccatenta*
$6»\C«>, tasurance $13, COO; Graat Kter, Or*ra.
Cafi $3CC«)» partially Insured: Ccffe* & Glenn,
Opera market ?SCO>, 'naurance $23C0; J. S.
Drary. drug- store, rtrrntslilnss a=ii atocls. S3CO«X
Insarance $4O>J; L. Hammond, restaurant and
BAKERSFIELJ>, An?. ; 15.— The most
di3astroas canflasration that has occurred
in thl3'city since July of last year, when
a large portion of the business section
was burned, broke out this inornins
shortly before X* o'clock,, and! within half
an hour one of the meat Important busi
ness blocks of the city was wiped oat and
property, the value of which Is estimated
at 33Q,Q00v was destroyed.- The fire origin
ated in the roof of a restaurant adjoin
ing- Scribner's Opera-house, on the main
street, and spread with marvelous rapid
ity. Within ten minutes the upper story
of the opera-house, a livery . stable, a cy
clery and a blacksmith shop were in
flames.
Special Dispatch to Tt» CaTt.
J. W. Davidson Tells
How Trouble
Started.
Conilagratioii Damages tlie
Stores of Many 3lerchants
Before Flames Are Subdued
BIG STABLES BUKNED
United States Consul J. W. Davidson, who arrived yesterday from Shanghai, declares
that the anti- American boycott had its origin in "a cablegram sent from Washington, D. C,
to a native paper in Shanghai Trade Commissioner Wong KaiKah says that this is the
fet time China ever was united on one snbject
Opera - House and Several
Other Buildings Are> De
stroyed by Morning "Fire
WASHINGTON CABLEGRAM
ORIGIN OF BOYCOTT.
COSTLY BLAZE
IN BAKERSFIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. WEpNESDAV^:AUGXIST 16, 1905.
5
. lor Infants and Children. *.\u25a0
Be Kind Toil HaYBAiwajs Bao^it
Bears the '\u25a0/Wjj-'J/fjff.*^'--
Sisaatora of (~*ULT?Z Z&C&Ufc:
THE DISEASE
IS CURABLE
\u25a0*•\u0084 **D*Sj Tlmta." Esrekaw Cai.
Tt« disease wfciclx ran lea second to
ecssunptlon in fatalities and which
Tra« beea deemed e<;sallr fatal ts
Briefs EHsease. That ft is 'now posi-
tively curable la known to compara-
tively few people. Unfortunately, the
new specific for Bright* Disease comes
under the head of proprietary prepara-
tions and cedical ethics forbid a recog-
nition of its merits. The- "Herald"
takes the view that having positive
knowledge cf cares effected Its duty to
its readers and to narnanity is to state
the facts. The publisher knows of two
cases in which it has effected perma-
nent ceres and of two others who had
Drs.ctica.lly abandoned hope, but who
are now reg-aining- their health. This
paper is not pecuniarily interested asn&
this statement is made solely with a
view of aidinjr such people as may b«
afflicted with Bright's Disease and have
despaired of recovery. Should any such
receive benefit we will feel amply re-
caid for diverges*; from the beaten
journalistic path. — Livermore (CaL>
Herald. July 1, 1965.
The above erinsrs to mind the case
of J H. Gjrselaar of this city and irre-
sistibly leads to the belief that at last
th"» cure has been found. Mr. Gyselaar
was in the last stares of dropsy. He
had been, tcld hla days were cumbered;
to-day b« fc» &**« » a<i kearty. An abso-
icte cure was effected, and a marvelous
one too. — Eureka Daily Thnes.
Be*n ot the above * articles refer to
FultoVs Compound for Bright's Disease
a-d neither was paid for. What d»> you
thr-k of them? Send for booklet on the
curability of Brisrht's Disease to Jno. J.
pulton Co, 4M Washington street, £a»
fraxrlsco.
Makss hair Bgbt serf UaXiy. Stops tuhimz tastMsVy
CSOING-l GOING-!! GONE 111
wr&mni tm it. mrzsi wu &ai musE m C2?S3L
IiLIIUIILI U ilUnriUiiJL «s** a*i» ftat cac« 5» sav^. X ,ow airier
HbIIWUV V lihin iwiwh ewfct talk It w«uilpfa*!wtea j«w «»•*»»•»«
Ii« tetmd. Umat* 2ux "Uto 2» ZtaAnii 8«l* luir—oot fie camSiafs." tt o.i 5e lots* yin
-..-"-. ,-- -•...-\u25a0'•\u25a0•\u25a0" Kcwtta"*Herplc««wtt»cikin*c« Bicreb* ta«£
Wnl DLAHCTWXffUKKUK reJaadtaflfctrtaiK. D«T3y tte prs asd tae
Maov U£as caa^ci ttsajr atirnr* to b*«r sflcas hair"» aatsnl bister amt asoacttacs wO retura.
witness to ee«9*ss aair testracsoa. Cay alter MarwcJoos icsaia. Aa oq^tslte icir irss4as«.
Bn« ran. JI.CC. lart rtc ttajs. tt a£3«:2 C 3, 2est i, UT*. 3CO. sr t esca *
At I"""-t Dtbje Staves or Scat Prepaid Cram Detroit. aOeiW «s«a ie«tat
of COOL AwUcattoM «t gxo»ai»grt Barker Sa^g*.
NOW IS YOUR CHANGE TO BRIMS YOUR
•FREENOS OR RELATIVES FROM EUROPE 1
Throngb Kctes to California From
QUEENSTOWN.--. .... .-....571.25
QVERP00L...... ... I/....-.". 71.25 j
.LONDON----................ 74*25
COPENHAGEN....... ........ 75.00
MALMO - - . ...^....^.^.75:00 *
GOTHENBURG -..-......---. 75.00
-""..-
Proportionately* low rates frqtn a 0 otter potats;br
the Old Reliable Ctmard Line. Saf est and quick-
est line across the V Atlantic.
. These \u25a0' rates good only for liniited time. Pcrchaae
tickets at once. If yoti can't call, send the money
and We will furnish yet: with the tickets.
S. F. BOOTH. 1 Mentsonrery St.
C«i. AjL, -U. P. JL. R. C©^ S * aFra^S^ a l- J
School Supplies at Lhtle Prices \
Everjiiung needed for the new term by scholars in the Primary, Grammar and High J
Schools, and students in the Medical Colleges, is now on* sale in oar special School Book J
arid Supply Department, Main . Floor. \
Lawn Waists 25c Imitation Diamond \
: lo^i About Jewefry"2sc to 75c \
-2!^ 50 dOZen Perfect Imitation - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 as £ j
Jf-Jt Of these Wonderful Brilliancy t. . ~^~7^# j j
?=*>>^- LAWN WAISTS fie &~* <^r =^ «% do»t i^f^.i^K j
- \u0084 '' ~''*&c£r^S. \u25a0 *,* \u25a0'\u25a0 : iir/^nmu miniar. fen &c first tae tisat '*rr**\ *3PIFWm
/ \ WORTH S^w^y mocated b stefeg #21 \
V ~£ kiS^^^V \V \V '' 75- silvex has ever been -Joii at pepdar prices. Totx m SS^syg
/ il -1 Tf^f I CL' 1 ' «w one-d£rf to cne-taU lea tiaa any we Lave \
\/W\ \Wwu£rt '\u25a0\u25a0 left from tadbef«e. EOT \
" $ vXfl^fiK^ • a^ 1 . \u25a0 W-J&9.350 U.SOc 13.75 c W^m
- \\ : VWfaZm^ ' WeekS Crocat Brooca Ka. *ih 15 ftx» -- - 750 j ~^% %
Y\.\mo"W:rWi ' M lo, « c - Crosses to wear as Brooca Ptta 75C *^^m }
ra*;^^ sale-— as Ha^ Bargee ead» . . $2U30^i 52-so W .;
W&*mlwmA a flyer ScarfPna— HonrA» . -.. . ... ...soc *
bilfll -i r 'i ! i# tn-dav Men's 'Silk Fob ChahlS— Mosntexi m stssrsg arter.trta \
Twenty-Five Gents a jcwc^Dega^^-RcmjNbA. ** * 4O \
. : New Frock Coat Suit
Several Manufacturer** 'Surpluses for Early Fall Wear
..\u25a0\u25a0f*i*E. iwGCOiCwwOriw Ttc Tety saiart sort ptciarcd cocies b gray cicterss. \
Xa attractrre assortmest of Itome decorative articles wiu be HaiK^SOniely strapped, degandy taßored* thfi <*fJfe<y*. a~rt \
fottnd oa tLe bargani tables to-day at a Ettle moce taaa EaK n%o- ca^ j^^ tJmmrJ wtth EOVefey braitL One <rf OCT 3
Ur prices. . _ t\u25a0 . ' \u25a0;. t f^r- new«t oodeis. pat ferwaafci ba >
40-iacii Linen I Scarfs-Fnngcd «A. convcatcßa! fi j£# New Ycrk. wcri (%^m r A 5
Jen'gar. worti. 33c. for - - - - - - - -.- - - - £?^z*% 5325Qt bet pnesd \fi Hl}
Linen Buffet Runners— s4 to 72 racfees. bodx cammed and ''&%£& to ec«a 6e 9»oa * •**" *
jpote stitc&ed; very prett* to <&p!ay yoor or alverwareea; Msay »i=sar <vles ia aS l!se -ew '*
worth. $1.25; «Ie price - . :.. ----- - - - - - BQO p^^^ b eariv Fall f
30-Inch Hemstitched Squares-Very desrabk for &sg &*^ *P^ "=B^3 f— $15. \
- table centers; tegalar >3c valaes, for - - - - - - - - - 000 0~ "\ YSUV^I $17J0 np to $50. ',
Pillow shams— Or squares; very pretty effects, woxA 35c te|tt- I %-/\ Vll V 7 We "==* ""'*'\u25a0'" ~T** <=«= o£ t!se J
larlr.sFeaal to-day at --------- .- * * " * * j C "M« IT WH isew FaS Sets dxat has Krsag i=ft> S
Art Centers-TTmted dca^s Aat aa easy to «br«ir a^ X^J^h ! I i'/P^^ i=ae«sar= ocpefeiy. ha aa cvea T .
that are very aras&c and effective when completed: regular $U» I P^ztff lesgEa pleated skirx 27-mch caafi f
values, to-day .- - ... .... - -V- - - .- ; -- 69 O '-»••- \u25a0i^W'ji H /s^ made c£ natural hciaespiaa cc J!
Satin Covered Pin Cushions— Oblong or sqace, Uisje. A HJ /n m^. M a wocderfd -!
mednaa or small sire. .W6 a ßtie piece of lace added aa erf ? j l\ ill fag m- r , »/* *^
pensive kokirs caahioo caa be made. Sale pace .. - 29 O I;, I \\ I A-fc !»•*•* "" *»1 / \\\
\ - hi * \\ 1 _ _ ' * <pli«t}U i
\u25a0' \u25a0-- • \u0084-. J'i I \\\ / Closing out the "oces" %
§*S&%£-' FiZ*nnS*%f*'tfg : * 7f* til \\\# and"twcs"ofta3or-ni3cba3d >
leasts r McMnnisatsuis ju /St a\i &i— Abo« *> a good styjes $
These pretty outing fiannds have jost come ci feora the /Mil Wi\\ * nd B ° o<l m ? tsliii * *** w « rs °P \u2666
miQ. They are m the clalnbest of strpes and checks, I \\Cft Zft^ST .T***. ?Q kA \
E^it grounds mpmk and Uue effects^o&ily woven o^>^^^"^w\\ - -^- -"- '\u25a0'<\u25a0• ' '•*'• - *
furies for servkeable ni^it gowns and underwear I Q £**$? P M \i \ \/ Taßcr-nade smt» ia Esan bfaoe. {
generally, die lOc kind; beginning to-day, yard v^lvJ ** If rf|Vjr^ 6res-<parter taorat and 27-exit J
- ' — ULtss^f^ has £e=d jacket a^e» A|r\ .1
New fall Millinery tf^^^^^^^^^Mo^ \
rc fc j s^S Groceries To-Day \
Fall hats. Among them Snyder's Cstsvp—Resdu 25c tee'e tSc •
Jgf «*fj new French fdL stnnnmg sardlnes-Bda-. So«fc^ itsAr 2Sc tf 2Oc >
jr\ m shape and tastefully Rgs— Faacy blact or whits, 4 lbs 250 j
4<gJL>>' •/ trimmed with wmgs and QQ Gnlden's Mostard — 2 jars . ..- 2Sc ,1
M^_ 58 gg o 7(7 (1 LIL I^ o i 2 s Sr^::r::::::::ig \
Fea&eiet! turbans, tnrsraed Emporium Oval Soap — 7 fcr. 230 3
;^MSB^ with smart wins; effect. - . . AD kmds of new Garden and HowerSeeds-bpk^. !
vfr,^V > <-" ' * 'V'VmUU to 914.UU iMarque tte WhJsS^y— SpeciiL boofc ... .... 790 \
4? Ta3or and ready-to-wear hats, A. V. H. Gin— Syrrht}. bccle . ........ .sl*33 }
m fie polo terhaa effect, m — i —— —*—— —— — ——* —~—^—- t —^—— —^ Borfce*S Irish Whisky — {
fdt tnaszed. wih wmgs . -" ' Jimm—y ' A bottSs . .... G7C '1
% S3mOO to S6.GO - //) £7* * • KeHar Whisky— Rez.s4.(XX \
and pocpocs, at . 56.00 CAUTORNWS LARGEST- • " \u0084^*^'^ pts. *--.-. .'51,30 3
Crilcfren s hai3 - - . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 i|>iqftal^^*^^ r _ ,
.". $1,25 to $2*25 "wgJjiN ll " urn in i ni i i Ztniamiel — GiTci -t oe \NEEDLE INKER HAND.— While operat
ing a sewing machine yesterday. Mrs. v P.'
Ouenaldl of 438 Hayes street accidentally ran
a needle Into her, hand. The bit of 'steel was
r*moved by Dr. Hill at the Central ' Emer
«%ncy Hospital
Vanderbllt Two- Year-Old '; Wins.
« DEAUVILLE* France. Aug.'ls.V-W.iK.'Va'n
derbilt'B \u25a0 Prestige won -the two-year-old stakes
here to-day:" * V. """'.:' \u25a0'""\u25a0-':;\u25a0 V "\u25a0* .-.\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'• "•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0":•\u25a0
Rain : Stops ; Cricket . Match.
MONTREAL; Aug. 15.— Rain to-day "stoppea
the ; final of ' the , Marj'lebone-Montreal : cricket
match; and: it becomes; a draw/;;'* \u25a0
Golf era In Competition.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— The annual open golf
tournament at Exxnoor opened / to-day with
eighty-four golfers from out of town and local
clubs participating. National Champion H. C.
Kgan. Bruce Smith of Onwentsla and Frank C.
Newton of Seattle tied for first place •In the
qualifying round with a score ' of 162 for the
86 holes. ratrss^wAiAkiMßkunsat— €oem
POUGHKEEPSIE, : N. ,V.., ; Aug. qß.^On-;ac
count -'of t rain? to-day's S Grand? ClrcuitV; races'
were postponed until to-morrow, and ;each day' s
programme -. will • go i over; one : day, 5 making j the
meeting end, on Saturday . instead of Friday.- •
Grand . Circuit . Races Postponed.
' C. "-. Perkins, ; a . member . of • the < Delta \u25a0 Upsilon
fraternity, , Is 'engaged In- literary work:to>the
extent of a position' upon the Dally Palo Alto,
the paper Issued \u25a0 by . the ' students : of the . unl
versltr. I
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. is.'—The
contract for. the souvenir programme > which
wi II be on ' sale at " the Intercollegiate "' football
game between Stanford and California has
b««n glven'to C. Perkins, '08, and K. A. Blck
el. '07, of Stanford.. It is the custom to have
the magazine given . to the '. rival > colleges \ al
ttrcately each year -to edit. • This ; year, with
the consent of Manager Ezra Decoto of Cali
fcrnta, R. W. Barrett, . treasurer \u25a0 of : the ' asso '\u25a0
elated students of Stanford,? has given the
prize to the two Cardinal student*. •'\u25a0\u25a0
. K. A. -' Bickel is a member of the Phi Gamma
Delta fraternity and. is engaged in many liter—
arj* enterprises : of the,' university.' The ; Quad
for 1907. will be in charge of Bickel. ; He also
holds : membership In : the Prees . and '* English
cIubs.'^HWHBs4eV^9MiVSaSB)nHKMINBBI
Will Edit Football Programme.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Aug. 15.— Owing to de
lay In the arrival of President Pulllam the Na
tional Baseball Commission did - not assemble
promptly to-< Jay and carry Indications were
that a decision on the case of Howard Griffith
of Jersey City was not likely until late In the
afternoon. Aft*r the" commission had been
called to order a' resolution reciting the recent
action of the National Aseoclalon, in regard
to Griffith was read, in which It was an
nounced that Griffith had been summarily re
moved from all connection • with the National
Association and from the National Board of
Arbitration. In view . of tnls fact, the case
was formally stricken from the records.
Baseball Men Confer.
; : Thomas Nolan, .a : baggage} handler,' for • the
Chicago i and ; Northwestern • Railroad, , met with
a; ; peculiar,' accident- last^ nlghCt' 7 ;, A" revolver
packed ' In ta* valise he 3 was ; handling 1 was - dis
charged,*-> the -\u25a0 bullet •«;' striking -:| him y? in >, the
6houlder. »\i He.-.iwas i?^. taken V- to . *the].. Harbor
Emergencyi Hospital,': where ' the 5 lead ".was 'ex-'
'. tracted % and « the X wound >f dressed.'. -V It V- la j not
known j who ils ".the I owner *of j the - valise. •\u25a0 ' No
lan's^ wound .la not 'serious. •
Pistol Goes Off in Valise.
:x By • hie hard - work >he had ' accumulated over
$100,000.' ; He leaves \u25a0 a wife ; and several chil
dren.'.' ;\u25a0 •\u25a0- -r\ -'\u25a0'\u25a0". '\u25a0. "'•-.' -\-.'-.\ "_.'• '\u25a0'\u25a0"\u25a0 '\u25a0'.':
Joseph. J...Wrba; the -oldest 'musician, of the
Tivoli Opera-housc'Tdiedl suddenly ' late ; Mon-'
day .: at ternoon.'j \Wrba .? has « been playing the
clarinet t constantly ': at : the ,! Tlvbll 'for .twenty-,
seven '; years, ; having i never « missed 5 at perform
ance jor taken \u25a0\u25a0 a ', vacation ' during • that t period: ;
He i came to : the rehearsal , on \u25a0; Monday morning. '
Paul Steindorff J had ' Just ; raised : his \u25a0. baton : for,
the opening overture to "Erminie".. when iWrba
fell no 1 the '\u25a0 floor. \u25a0•' He - had ; been * stricken .with
paralysis.: :':' : : ' \u25a0\u25a0' : ';; .'\u25a0' '"\u25a0'" '\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ' ' '-\u25a0 "•
; Physicians ? were ; summoned \u0084 and later, he
was removed to hia home,'. where he expired. '\u25a0•'\u25a0
- -, Besides > playing jat S, the '», Tivoli,*? Wrba ".-: bad
' a '" larse number,! of % Dupils >in 5 music, gin i fact
ats times f he «,wa9ij. unable? tot. teach \u25a0•\u25a0 all-: who
came to him.. It is said -by 4 his . comrades
that he •\u25a0' never ; had '\u25a0\u25a0 an Idle moment in J his
life. :~&&*G£Pss3!s'fto&*ettSßWWif^fSil&
Starts ' Rehearsal ; of
V "Erminie.".: : :
Joseph J. Wrbn Expires : as Stelndorfr
Bowlera Make High Score*.
: ; The Qpenlng • of , the duck pin tourney on the
Ferris^Hartman l bowling^alleyi,' formerly the
Golden*!: Gate Z alleys, was . a \u25a0 marked success.
Some i excellent * scores ; were f made. Summary
of 'the; first -night's ' play:' ''\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0C- :\u25a0? *•
- s Foster 811; ; A.- Bernard 281, ' Irwin 251,*- Me-
Grathi 273,:. Lyons 237.TT..E.' Burke 2ao.Davl
eon; 270, Drossel 247. ; Aegerter . 273,'; McCready
260, -.. v7llllam "v Jeffreys ' 283. \u25a0'\u25a0 Reads 237. -j Bur
dick 28O.:Ramaner 291.' Raff en 248. Thorpe 280,
A. Clarke 250, Lafrancbi 253 O. B. Ahem 290.
The next series will be; bowled to-ala-ht.
TIVOLI'S OLDEST^ MUSICIAN -,
DIES SUDDENLY AT ; HIS -POST
Ehrubb - Is the • champion distance runner of
England and' holds many world's records. He
has Just returned to his home from Australia,
\u25a0where he: established new figures ': for all dis
tances from one mile to twelve. He holds the
record cf 9 minute*; 4 3-5 seconds for two miles
running:, , making the first mile In 4 mlnutfia
IT 3-5 seconds. He is looked upon ai the most
phenomenal Ion? distance runner in the world
and his intended visit to America \u25a0 has " beon
looked forward to with great interest by Ameri
can athletes. ' . ..- \u25a0•\u25a0 • •\u25a0
LONDON, Augr. 15. — Tne British-America
Tour Athletic Association has refused permis
sion to Alfred Ehrubb, the British champion
runner,, to go to .America, to compete In the
championships at New York and Montreal.
English Authorities Refuse , Permission
to World's Greatest Distance
Runner to Come Here.'
SHRUBB CANNOT COMPETE
IN AMERICA AS AN A3IATEUR
. The fourth ' tournament of ; the 4 California
Women: Golfers' Association' will -be vlayei
to-day ' on the links \u25a0 of ; the \'i*ta • Gmf •;
Club of San Jose . for .- the . northern ; division
and on the course of the Los Angeles I Country
Club for the ' southern :•• division. . ', Entries , have
been received .by Miss .Florence -Clayton o£
the Linda . Vista Golf Club • from i the clubs at
San : Francisco, ; Claremont, : Menlo \u25a0 Park, j Fair,
Oaks. . Burlingame, - Sacramento and - San J Jose, '
forming the northern group. - Among: the ladies
who ', will I play are Miss Minnie j B. " Hough ton, .
Mies Florence ; Ives,"- Miss . Marguerite \u25a0 Dens
more, Miss ' Bessie ' Henry, • Mrs. J. H. • Rucker
and Mrs.' Ralph Hersey. , .. ;
An omnibus will meet the train leaving Srm
Francisco at ; 8 o'clock '• this I morning ' for San
Jose to convey players and visitors I out . to the
\u25a0 Linda Vista Club's . quarters.-; on * the ? road -: to
Alum ' Rock " Park. The : play r.wili • : be *\u25a0- over
eighteen holes . against: "bogey,":.; nine; holes
being played :. before -luncheon • and ; nine ; after.
The - player '; who ;" returns r-. the - best handicap
score will receive'; the silver,. medal of : the Call
fornia Women • Golfers',-; Association,; while the
competitor " returning,"' the * lowest - gross \u25a0 e'ecre
will 1 win I the . loving i cup " presented by the I di
rectors , of- ther Linda i,Vleta .. Golf Club. r.The
player ' making < J the . second -= best .' gross ecoi c
.will receive a cup given. by. the women of the
Linda Vista Golf Club. "
Fourth Handicap Competition ; of . Cali
fornia Association to Be \u25a0 Held
To-Day ".at San Jose.* f
women golfers engage .^
in - «b6gev» -tournament
One Lone Run Wins Ton -Inn Ing Game
• With the Giants.
.' ' PORTLAND, . Aug. 15.— 8y • scoring the . lone
run; of a . ten-inning game' with; the Seals the
Giants climbed to I the ' head : of the ; list In the
Pacific ' Coast '\u25a0 League ; this afternoon. . The , con
test was : similar ; to ' the Sunday . game -with
.Angels. Lou ) Hoffman's swat * brought In
Schlafiey, •:\u25a0 who was, " as "on ' Sunday, waiting
on • second : for a ' chance to come ' home. ' Gar vin
and Williams -were: in fine form and the bats
ment, went down with great \u25a0 regularity. - Gar
vln held the \-isltars down to five hito. three
of \u0084 which -.were - scratchy. \: while the - blonde
headed man from the bay city was only found
three tlmes.i the lost of \u25a0 which was a scratch.'
, In . the tenth inning, Schlafiey . reached second
on : a hit "and (( a 'daring steal. "Williams rave
big -McLean a' pass 'to first ' and then Hoffman
was " uo.*"^ The . little . giant ' drove one *to deep
short,' : which .- was ' fielded by Gochnauer "to
Wheeler .at : second ; to 'head • off McLean. -.' Mc-
Lean^ reached ' there first." .Wheeler dropped ; the
ball and Schlafley - : kept ;on going until \u25a0'! he
reached the plate. . The Seals made a favorable
Impression •• on • the big " crowd '. in 1 attendance.
The, score: i', f £fit2!ssBHESß&
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A." k.
Atz, Be ..-..40 0 3 5 0
i Van Buren,. cf.. ...' 4.:0 o'.' 0 .0 0
Fleming,: If '...:.......". 4 0 o'2 0 0
Mitchell, lb;. 4 0* 0 13 0 0
Schlafley,' 2b ...:.;...\u25a0. .4 1 1 4 2 1
Householder," rf - : ; .'. rr.'.'SZ ; 8 o'\u25a0 1 2 \u25a0 0 r 0
McLean ,*\u25a0 c=..t. V ... ; ....•30 0 62 0 !
Hoffman,- 8b \u0084 ........ ..3. 0 1 0 5 0
Garvin, 'p ;.'. . . . ... . . . .V.V 8 0 0 0 .' 3 " 0
Totals .........:.. ..32 1 3.'30 .17 1 '
\u25a0 .SAN FRAXCTSCO. yg;lgp|
•^' - AB. Rl BH. PO. A. E.
waidron, cf .::..... ...:*4.0: i 3 00
wheeier; 2b^"m;rr::.. 4 0 1 42 1
Hlldebrand," 1f ........... 4. 0 0 -1 0 0
Irwln,* 3b \:. ...:.:.".. .i.,4 :. 0 >1 \u25a0 8 3- 0
Nealon,'; lb '.;*..". ........ \ 4 - 0- 0 13 "0 , 0
SpBncer,'rt:.;v;;....;,.;;s 0 0 100
Gochnauer, ' 6S .'. .3 \u25a0 0-1 2 6.0
shea,s c£r;.rr:'r. ::;;".';.-. '4 ,o. 1. 2 0 1
AVilliams, ~ p ;.. ..........*2 0". 0 0,3 0
. : T0ta15'' ............. .32 '0 -'O *29 ; 14 . 2
' 'Two : out; when winning, run 'was 1 scored.-. •
' : RUNS AND * HITS " BY \ INNINGS. "" :
San Francisco.. 0- 0. OJO 0 O'O 0 0 o—o0 — 0
;: Base ; hits *: .'.O •1 k 1 0 1 1 0 1~ 0 •' o—s
Portland.' VLO -0 0 : 00 0 0 0 0 I—l
Base hlta*-...0 ; -O^ 0i 0 U 0 0 0 0 2—3
:, Struck out— By . Garvin .4,' -by, Willlaini' ':\u25a0 1."
JUNCTION CITT. Kan., Aug. 15.— The Bmall
arm* competitions wer* finished at the national
range at Fort Riley to-day, when the competi
tive thooting in the army pistol contest ended.
The possible score was 800 and the twelve
mtn making the highest scores, who will com
pon> the army pistol team, ore as follows^
Trumpeter Oscar C. Robertson. Troop D,
Jv'lr.th Cavalry, i»4; Sergeant John J. Daerda,
Troop D, Fifteenth Cavair>% 283; First Lieu
tenant Jens E«tedjrje, Fourth Cavalry, 252;
<"orpcral Carl Schmidt, Troop A. First Cavalry.
281; Captain Pegrlm Whitworth, First Infan
try. 28u; t^nreant Charles H. McNair, Troop
E, TweUth Cavalr>-. 279; Corporal Michael Kel
ly, Company O. First Battalion, Corps of £n-
Cineen=. 279; XJuartermftster Sergeant D. O'Con
n*ll. Thirteenth Cavalry, 278: Quartermaster
fcergeant B. E. Barker. Troop D. Third Csv
alry. 279: Second Lieutenant Herman S. Dil
woody. Tenth Cavalry, 277; First Lieutenant
Richard Polllon Jr.. Porto Rican Provisional
Keg'ment, 277; Corporal James E. Logan,
Troop D, Ninth Cavalry, 277.
lllsh Scores Prevail In the Small Arm*
Competition at Fort
Riley.
UNCLE'S SEALS RUN SECOND.
Fourth race— Jacobite, Tangle, Ra
venna.
Fifth race— Supreme Court, Stroller,
Sain a in.
Sixth race— Burlelgrh, Klnar Pepper,
Athlone.
'Weather ralnyj track hca^-y.
First race— Speedway, Avlston, Lad
aarlon. I
Second race— Maiden, Pious, .' Balzac
Third race— Tyron, Judge Himes, Ad
rlutho. •
<By the New York Morning Telegraph.)
TWELVE MEN QUALIFY
FOR AR3IY PISTOL TEAM
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
-.. Earned runs — Seattle 1, Los Angeles 3. Two
base hits— Kane. Shields, Eagar Flood. DHlon."
Sacrifice hits— Bernard, Flood, * Cravath, Frary.
Stolen .- bases— Kane, J Blankenahlp, \u25a0 Houtx.
Frary,*:: Eagar. * Struck out — My Shields 3. \u25a0by
Tozler \u2666 4. . •-- Base \u25a0on balls— Off Shields 4. •- off
Tozler, 8. Hit by pitched ball — Kane Blank
enship. - Passed • balls — Eagar \u25a02, Blank enship.
Left on bases — Seattle 11; Los Angeles 7. Tlmo
of - game— One s hour and, - forty-five minutes.
Umpire— Perlne. •-\u25a0--\u25a0-.- •\u25a0; \u25a0-> -
SEATTLE, Aug. 16.— Los Angeles lecured
hits with I men '. on bases to-day In ; suite of
anything/Shields . could do. Seattle . seemed
able to hit only when there • were two men
out/excepting in the ninth inning, when three
safe* ones were bunched. : Eagar waa away off.
in his throwing in the early part of tha gam«
and the Seattle '.men became reckless on the
bases. They threw away several chances to
•score and they regretted it afterward, las To
zler . grew more effective as ; the gams pro
gressed. The score:
SEATTLE}. '** '.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. f. 6 > 0 2 10 0
Kane. 3b. ..i:... 4 1 .10 4 0
Btankenshlp. o. ......... 4 -0 0 .6 1 O
Hart. c. f. ............. 8 0 1 8 0 0
Frick. 2b. .:............ 4 0 1 1 JO
Houtz. 1. f. * O 2 10 0
Frary. lb. .: 2 0 1 11 2 0
R. Hall. a. s. .......;.. 3 1 0 8 .I^l
Shields, p. ....... . . ... .40 222 0
Totals.. ....33 2 10 27 12 1
LO3 ANGELES.
AB. "R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard. -c/.f. .......... 4 0 1 0 0 0
Flood. 2b. ...;..r.. ..... 4 0 2 4 3 0
Smith, 3b. .:.. .....5 0 0 08 0
Dillon, 1b..... .;. 5 1 1 10 0 0
Brashear, s. s. ......... 2 10 3 B0
Cravath. r. f. 3 1 0 10 0
Ross. 1. f. ..;......;... 8 0 2 1 0 0
Easar.'c. ........... 4 1 2 7 3 2
Toiler, p. ...........:.. 3 1 ;2 1 2 2
Totals ."......... 33 • 8 10 27 13 4
; RUNS AND HITS BY INNIXGa.
Seattle . . 1 .... . 10 0 0 0 0 0 0-I—2
- Base } hits, r.;; 1 l"-l 111 l o B—lo
Loa Angeles. 1 ... 0 3 0 0 10 0 10—5
Base hit*..... 1 2 0 1 2 112 o—lo
SUMMARY.
Tozler Becomes Effective as the Game
. Progresses on Northern Field.
ANGELS DEFEAT , SEATTLE.
Difference of More Than Three Millions
of Dollars In. Original Cost of
Construction Work.
Assistant • City Attorney \ John S. Partridge
resumed,. yesterday his cross-examination ;. of
Arthur Adarm. \ chief engineer of I the Contra
Costa Water ; Works;. In .the' suit' of the Spring
Valley Water^Worka against this city. .He
obtained from Mr.VAdams the : following : estl
n:a te of cost of construction and contrasted it
with - those previously given by Chief. Engl
neer Schussler: ", '\u25a0.:!'* '\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 -:\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 '.:. - ,' \u25a0 : '-. > .' : :. \u25a0;\u25a0 ,
; General cost of Pilarcltos system— Schussler
$1,168,000 Adams' $907,554: * '.
San Le'andro \u25a0-\u25a0" system — Schussler $1,580,000,
Ai'ams $1,146,189. .
"Crjstal Springs— Schussler $3,827,000. Ad
ams $2,682,046. \u25a0 -•\u25a0.* \u25a0.•"•• \u25a0'\u25a0:'\u25a0'
Lock's Creek— Schussler . $419,000. Adams
$300,192. : ; . : \u25a0 \u25a0 ; ". :.",. '\u25a0"-'\u25a0\u25a0 ' ' . ;
Alameda nystem— Schussler $3,382,000. . Ad-
La ke'Me rced—Sc hUßsler $343,000, Adams
- City Reservoir — Schussler $947,000; Adams
-City, .Pipe— Schussler . $6,029,000, Adams
Tita'ls— Schussler% ; ?lf>,SB6,ooo;,. Adams $16,^
062,445. .. \u25a0"\u25a0••\u25a0 .-"'.. ..
PARTRIDGE COMPARES THE
ESTIMATES OF; ENGINEERS
(By the New York j Morning Telegraph.) ;
First race — Four Leaf C, Reeves,
Council.
: Second race— Knickerbocker, \u25a0 Cala
bogne, Buckle."
Third .-. race— Arrnhgowan, - r Jungle
liny, Trwan.
Fourth • race— Marvel P, Bertha E, J.
K. F. ' .
Fifth- race— Plant ngenet, Peter. Paul,
Laura Hunter.
Sixth race— Dorothy Dodd, Eva skill,
Little Boy. *" ' '
Weather cloudy; track sloppy.
FORT ERIE SELECTIONS.
Bases on balls— Off Garvln 1. oft Williams 2.
Left •on bases — Portland 5, San Francisco 4.
Sacrifice hits — Gochnauer. Williams. Stolen
bases — Schlafiej, Householder. Hit br pitched
ball — Hoffman. ' Passed ball — Shea. Time ot
game — One hour thirty-five minutes. Umplr»
—Davis.
'By the Xew York Morning Telegraph.)
Ffrs4 race— Strader, Mtss Manners,
Chancy.
Second race— Alllsto, Naran, Picture
Hat.
Third race — Lilita, Port Worth, Queen
Caroline.
Fourth race — Haviland, La Fncelle,
Red Leaf.
Fifth race— New Amsterdam, Poor
lnt;f!s. Join.
Sixth race— Handy Bill, Fonsoluca,
Brooklyn.
Weather cloudy) track "loppy.
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, three-year-olds and up, selling,
mile and three-sixteenths — Leila 107, War
Whcop 106, Paletta 96, Baladln 86, Liberia 91.,
Jack Young 106, Stroller 106. Our Bessie 99,
Supreme Court 88, Glisten 103, Lord Badge
105. Oar Sister 86, Elwood 98. The Gadfly 92.
Sixth race, all ages, handicap, «lx furlongs
— Burlelgh 126, Funiculaire 114, Bohemia 112,
Light Brigade 112, Athlone 112. Foxy Kane
110, King Pepper 107, Blucher 105, Speed
Smith 100.
Third race, all ages,- handicap, one mile —
Orthodox 126, Tyron 122, New Mown Hay 110.
Sals 116, Sonoma Belle 114. Santon 114, Ad
tiutha 114, Judge Himes 118, Workman 111,
Foncasta 110, DArkle 107.
Fourth race. The Albany, handicap, 11500
added, two-year-olds, six furlongs — Jacobite
120. Tangle 116. Bill Phillips 114, Henry Wat
terson 113. Hieh Chance . 111, Jaa, Reddick
112, Ravena IC7, The Irishman 108, Velours
109, Reidmoore 104, Bayonet 98, Another Guess
100. Initial 118.
First race, two-year-olds, selling, five and a
half furlongs— Chandos IU7, Cary 107, Spring
Ban 101. Jessamine 94, Bantam 104. Speed
way 107. Turkey Foot 104, Mollie Donohue
104. Youth 106, Sufficiency 102. Cats Eye 99,
Annie Oakley 93. Miss Point 99, K. U. Am
97 Redstart 97, Gentian 97, College Girl 94,
Ladsarion 107, Fast Flight 107, Belden 100.
Avieton 104. Abure 104. Ruth .W 109.
Second race, four-year-olds and up,, steeple
chase, selling, short course — Maiden 148, Pious
146, Paulaker 148, Balzac 146, Declmo 147,
Duke of ConnauKht 153.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA, Aug. 15. — Some clever
two-year-olds will sport silk to-morrow
in the Albany Handicap, for . which
$1500 is added. The days's entries:
Sixth race, mile and three-sixteenths, sell
ins—Margery Gaffney 85, Handy Bill 90, Male
Hanlon US. Brown Vail 93, Foreigner 98, Fon
soluca 102. Brooklyn 111.
Fourth race, mile and 100 yards, handicap —
lnt«?n*« Uh. Im. Pucelle 96, Red Leaf 100, Havl-
Itnd 109. Major Dain«rerfleld 106.
Filth race, short course, steeplechase, hardi
cap—Onyx II 125. Jolo 125, Kilmorie 123, New
Amsterdam 132, Mr. Rose 136, Poorlands 159.
Third race, nve and a half furlongs, purse —
Qiie*n Caroline 94, America II 94, Anna Smith
fit. Falrview 97. Port Worth 97. Charlatan 97
Lilita 100.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 15.— Major Dam
Kerfield will.be a starter to-morrow in
the handicap at one mile and 100 yards.
The day's entries:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Chancy
Sr. Lady Lou 87. Denlce 82. Fred Priesmejer
P4. Gracious 94. Bell«tocce 94. Chief Bush 07.
lilss Manners 102. Lady Lavish 103, Strader
K<4. Rather Royal 103.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling—Dar
thula 87. Picture Hat 87. Happy Jack II 1)2,
Naran 92. Dr. Wang 96. Fleuron 9», Arachne
c.'. AllUta S3.
LATONIA ENTRIES.
Sixth nace, one mile, three-year-olds and up.
selling — The Guardsman 109, Small .Talk 104,
Little Boy .104,- Falrbury 103, Lampoon \ 102,
First Born 99, Rudabek 97," Little Red 95,' Do
rothy Dodd 01, Fair Reveler 9U EvasklU 93,
Dixie Andrews 89. ' - '\u25a0:: :
FORT ERIE, Aug. 15. — The entries
for to-morrow's races follow:
First race; seven furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, eelling — Lcngspur 108, Reeves 108, Tom
Crabb 105, Jim Hale 105, Hakim 105, Water
melon 103, False 103, Reveille 103, Four Leal C
103, Old Mike 100, Council 100, Erlcula 88.
Second race, five furlongs, maiden two-year
olds—Knickerbocker 110. Meddler Jr. 110, Cala
bogue 110. Lady Stewart 107, Easter's Pride
107, Massey 105, Lady Hamburg 102, ' Fantana
102. Ethel Pepper 102, Bucklo 102, Hess i 102,
Billy Benzlng 105.-
Thlrd race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
selling — The Bugaboo 109, Arab 108, Trepan
108 Bugler 107, Honda 104, To San 104, Arrah
gowan 108, Jungle Imp 105, Juba 99, C. R.
James 94, Pillar 1)1. Irene Brady. S6.
Fourth race, five furlongs,; two-year-olds,
selling — Bertha B 107, Rocket 106, Away 104,
Factotum 103, Pentagon 99, Colonel ' Bronston
09 Marvel P 99, Carew 99, Arcospring. 97, J X
F 97, Skeptical 90, Wistful 94.
Fifth race, six and a naif furlongs, three
year-olds and vp — Plantagenet 110, Fritz 110,
Peter Paul 107, Lulu Young 105, Laura Hunter
100 Probe 98. Young Hyson 98, Edgeley 95,
Neva Welch 93, Last Knight 105.- : "
FORT ERIE ENTRIES.
SEVENTH f RACE— Declared off.
STANDING OF. THE CLUBS.
'—• \u25a0 . i
American League, i National League.
W. L. Pet. j W. L. Pet.
Phlladelphla..sB 88 .604 New Y0rk... 74 31 .703
Cleveland ...36 42 .571 Pittsburg ...66 39 .6"J9
Chicago . 53 40 .570 Chicago 61 46 .570
New Y0rk... 49 44 .527 Phlladelphla-.53 46 .562
Boston ......49 45 .621 Cincinnati ...66 50 .528
Detroit ......48 53 .475 St. Louis. 41 68 .376
Washington.. 3B 59 .302 Boston 85 73 .324
3t. L0ui5. ....34 64 .347 Brooklyn ....32 71 .311
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
v PHILADELPHIA, - Aug. 15. — Philadelphia
won in a game stopped -by rain at the end of
the fifth Inning. Waddell started to pitch a
game which probably would nave been a record
breaker. He struck out nine men in the five
innings, - and • not a hit was made by the vis
itors. Attendance. 4300. Score: R. H. E.
St. Louis.... 0 0 1
Philadelphia ..:..........;:....... 2 21
Batteries — Howell and sugaen; Waddell and
; Schreck. * - -
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15. — Cleveland to-day
batted tha ball all over the field and won.
Hess' splendid pitching was a feature. Jacob
sen was batted . out of the box In the third
Inning. Attendance. SOOO. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 0 5 3
Cleveland 7' 17 1
Batteries — Townscnd. Jacobscn and Klt
tredge; Hess and Clarke.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— Detroit taolc the
first of what was to have Toeen a double header
here to-day from New York. It rained In the
last two Innings and the second game was not
played. Attendance, 6000. Score:
. - • R. H. E.
New York •"•"•\u2666• 18 2
Detroit ...:...; \u25a0 :.:.:« 11 1
Batteries— Orth, Hogg and Klelnow; KUllan
and Warner.
Second game postponed on account of rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG," Aug. XS. — Kaln stopped the
game at the end of the fifth tcnlnjr. Case
was wild In th« third Inning, hitting two bats
man, giving another baa« on balls and forcing
in a run on four balls.' Nichols In the same
Inning gave three hits, sconns Pitta burg's only
run. Attendance, 2400. Score: R. H. E.
Pittsburg ........ 152
Philadelphia 8 4 2
Batteries — Case and Gibson; Nichols and
Abbott. Umpire— O'Day.
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlong«; for
maiden fillies; two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7to 2— Eloisa. 10b (Troxler) ... 2 1 2 1 3*i
Even — Bivouac 108 (Lyne).... 1 3^22
15 to I— Yalagal. 108 (Travers).. 5 6 1 3 6
Time. 1:10. Start good. Won -easily. Win
ner. G. J. Long's eh. 1. by F&lsetto-Ralmall.
Dodlna. Annetta Lady, Merry-Go-Round, Mai
Cliff, Azure, and Hampton Lady finished as
named.
The apparently brutal prizefight has shocked
the people of \u25a0 tha country to uuch an extent
tliat already "President Rods»velt- 13 being be
sieged with requests to conduct a searching
Investigation and punish the wrong-doers. The
Impression prevails that the official reports on
the subject are nothing more than whitewash.
The - board of Inquest, for Instance, reported
that Cohen died "while In llneof duty." •..-.\u25a0.
It" Is: believed the President will act, as
all evidence shows that Cohen announced; when
he entered the ring that he . was : not well ; that
at the «nd of-the eighth, round, -after blood
had flowed | freely : he begged that ' the , flght be
stopped, saying bis head - "felt funny,',' that
he was pushed Into 'the ring, \u25a0 and that John
son : his \u25a0 opponent, \u25a0 rained -• blows on * him , and
finally dealt him a terrific blow on the right
temple, from which he never rallied. More
than ; 500 officers and '\u25a0 men witnessed the
spectacle. - *
NEW YORK, Aug. 15. — If the death of Ra
phael Cohen, the marine of 'the United States
auxiliary cruiser Yankee,, ls to go uninvestl
gated by the Navy Department, It will not bs
the fault of Tobias Cohen, • his broken-hearted
father, an East Side tailor. He Intends to go
to Washington and ask the navy officials to In
vestigate.-, :." ' \u25a0 '- " ' ~ %
"WASHINGTON, Augr. 15.— Secretary Bona
parte, \u25a0 after ' a thorough' examination of the
records In the case of Raphael Cohen, . the
coal passer on . the oonverted cruiser , Yankee,
whose death resulted from Injuries received
in a boxing contest held on an American war
ship in Dominican waters, on July 9, said
to-day that, from an : investigation of the rec
ords, he saw nothing; wrongful, -although, of
course, H was extremely deplorable that Co
hen should have lost his life. He added that
boxing and athletics generally were recognized
in the service because of • their • beneficial In
fluence on* the health of the men. .
The court found that neither Cohen's adver
sary nor any other person was, in any way
culpable and recommended that no . further
action be taken
Secretary' Bonaparte" Indorses Findings
Its to the Death of Raphael
..\u25a0-•' Cohen.:
' SIXTH RACE^ — Six furlongs ; selling ; three
year-olds and up: ' '; :.-\u25a0-
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5-^-Lex. Leadr.lol (Taylor) 8 12 11 '
9 to 10— Plantagenet,lo7 (Lndry) 12 12 5
Z to I— Nor. Ohio, 101 (Boland) 4 3 6 3 12
Time, 1:18 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. H. Baker's br. g. by G. W. John
son-Brooklet. Muldoon. Monis, finished ." as
named.
BOXING ; AN D\ ATHLETICS
ENCOURAGED IN NAVY
FIFTH KACE — One and an eighth miles; for
three-year-olds and up;. selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
7 to I—Greencrest.1 — Greencrest. 103 (Diggns) 4 13 16
12 to I— York. Lad, 04 (Perlne). 2 2 % 2 S
11 to 5— L. Badge, i>3 (M*Daniel) 1 4 h 3 %
Time. 2:02 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. McLyle's b. g. by Goldcrest-
Ethel Green. Sir Ralph, War Whoop and Ben
vulio finished aa named.
Ti;n<>, 1:43. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. J. Rodders' b. c. by Applegate-Hattie
Trowbridge. Danube «0. Dungannon 95, &tra
<2er lX), Quincy 67, Brown Vale 00. Bcrnice 87,
I-it:-:.; :.;tn IUO and Hudson 92 finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlong*;
four-year-oldE and up; selling:
Bett'ns. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Jl too— Apple, 100 (Radtke) 5 61 In
7 to 2— Pisttr Lilian, 90 (Morris) 1 *1 # 2 4
3D to I— Jim Tyreil, «7 (Kerner)...lo ii 3 h
FIFTH RACE— Five-eighths of a mile; two
jear-olde; sflline:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to s— Lieber, V 7 (Robinson) . 5 S^ In
<i to I—Port1 — Port Worth, IC2 (Harris) 4 12 2 1
6to s—Charlatan.5 — Charlatan. 107 (Radtke). 2 2% 8%
Time, 1:06 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Chirm & Foreyth'e b. c by Liber Karl-
The Mecca. Leo Bright &6, Toaetmaster 93,
Henry Heitrick 93, Gary 110 and Squanderer
J>- finished as named.
Even— Varieties. 97 (H.Jacksn) 2 1 h 2 3
8 to 6— Ben Fonso, 107 (D.Bold) 8 3 h 3 4
Time, 1:55 1-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. I*. Talley & Co.'s br. g. by Sir
Dixon-La , Colon ia. . t Harrj' 2 New, j « Ora Viva,
finished as named: "' a "' -i'"* 1 ".
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
•ellins; three- year-olds ' and up:
Bttting. llor«e. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to I—Colonift,1 — Colonift, Vv u-'reem;ni). -i 4 ii 11
FOURTH RACE— The Merchants' and Citi
zens' Handicap; one and three-slxt«enths miles;
for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Hone, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
10 to I—Outcome,1 — Outcome, uu (Baird)... 3 1 *i 1 2
11 to 10— Proper. 118 (Hildebrd) 4 2 n 2 2
fl to I— D. Spanker, 107 (Lyne) 6 4 % 8 3tf
Time. 2:02 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. Clay's b. f. by Sir Dixon-OUle
Glenn. Lord of the Vale, Caughnawaga and
King of Troy finished as named.
St. Louis Fall* to Make a Hit Un
til Rain Ends the"
. . Game.
Time, 1 :49 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. G. B. Morris' eh. g. by The Com
rnoner-l'rsu'.a. Paul 103, Lazell 108 and His
Majesty 103 finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
purse: • •
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
2to»— Bryan, 110 (Held) 4 15 110
• 12 to I— Stroud, IC3 (Robinsoß). 2 2 3 2 6
luu to I— Omealca, 1«8 (Booker). 3 3 8 310
Time, 1:05 3-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Johnson & Dodson's eh. c by Russell-
Woodlodge. Ohiyesha. Father Catcheni. L.ittlt«
Mike, finished a« named.
FOURTH RACE; — Five furlongs; puree; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. Fin.
4 to I— Hrm. Johnson, lOi(Fley) 3 12 '12
10 to I— Grevllla. IOT (Neely)... 15 3 2 2
6 to I— Away. 99 (J. Hennessy) (5 4 13 3
WADDELL STRIKES OUT N IXE
Uf FIVE INNINGS OF PLAY
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
purbe, for 2-year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto s—Sir5 — Sir Huon, 114 (Troxler).. 1 2 3 13
4 to I— Bridgem'n, 105 (H.ld'b'd)? 3 .1 I^2 h
7to I— Shlneon, 110 (Martin> 4 4 % 3 3
Time, 1:08 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, G. J. Long's b. c. by Falsetto-Ignite,
ChaKonte, Progress, Monterey, Streator. Cy
cloce. Comedienne finished as named. >
Joe Angel i and Fred Landers are to box ten
rounds in. the same ring for a good sized purse
and the contest will carry a side bet of $500,
the. winner taking tho purse, ; bet and all.
Another ten round go, which will be first on
the card, is between Mauro Herrera and the
Montana Kid. \u25a0
; Tommy \u0084 Burns, tho Eastern middle-weight
boxer who is to meet Da\-e Barry before the
San Francisco Club on Uie 81st inst., says If
he wins his contest with me Irish lad he will
take on Twin Sullivan at Los Angeles, after
which he intends to challenge Tommy Ryan
for the legitimate middle-weight title. Burns
has backing in Los Angeles for $5000 that he
can defeat Ryan. Burns Jg not underrating
Barry In the least. He-Has rought Dave be
fore and he knows he has a good job ahead.
He Is training at Billy Shannon's place at San
Rafael.: , ,yf ; • : V: - -
Expects a Hard Fight When He Sleets
; : . the Husky Middleweight.
BUItNS TRAINING' FOR BARRY.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; all ages;
free handicer>:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
2 t-j I— Mrs. K. Foster, 100 (Knz) 3 4 1. In
Uto s—Pirate5 — Pirate Polly, 94 (Taylor) .12 3 2 4
ti to I—Pipe,1 — Pipe, SH» (achoen).. 4 3 n 3 1H
Time. 1:33 3-5. Start good. ' Won cleverly.
Winner, Frank Foster's eh. m. by Ben Strome-
Princesa Revenue. Hans Wagner also ran.
Time, 1:0 V 1-5. Start rair. . Won easily.
Winner C. W. Moore's br. t. by Bel Demonio-
Kweet Charlotte. Justl 101. Santa Lucia 101,
LiU M 07. Addition fl7, Miss Lynch 102, Jack's
Queen 101. Lena Goodrich 87 and Lady Waddell
161 finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
I'Urre:
letting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
fcOtol — Comment. 101 (Hick*)... 8 14 13
4u> 1— Progression. 101 <Kot>ins) 6 3 1 2 n
«to I— D&ffortH, 105 (Wilson)... 4 2 8 3 3
Time, 1:44 4-5. Start bad. . Won easiiy.
Winner, A. L>. Aste's b. g. by Donovan- lLa
Belle HL Daisy Green, The- Cure, Sutflce,
Lady Ellison. Shady Lad, St. Breeze finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— MiIe, selling, for 3-year
olds and ud:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3to -2— Mad Mullah. 110 (Scholl) 5 2 % 1 5
15 to I— Byways. 102 (She Meld) 4 a 5 2 h
7to 2— Bellindian, 96 (Mirth).. 3 4 1 3 h
Time, 1:S8 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. W. P. Fieardcn's b. m. (4) by Lonfj-
Ftre«t-2Usa Moooieh. Hot 101 and Hortenfcia
105 finished as named.
SEPOXD RACE— One mile and 100 yards;
tnr«.e-yt ar-olc5? and up; soiling:
Vt uir.fc. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
4 tor.— Katie Powe:s.lC(Radtke) 4 4 3 12
IJw to I— Scotch ThiEtle.luO(Rbnsn) 3 3 h 2 H
into I— Fcreigr.^r, 102 (Tooman). 5 2 2 3 2
PORTLAND, Aug. 15. — Poolselllng at
the Irvington race track was declared
unlawful by Judge. A. L. Frazer thi3
morning in a decision handed down in
the Circuit Court. Judge Frazer made
permanent the temporary injunction
granted. a week ago that restrained th«
bookmakers at Irvington, from selling
pools and over which the court heard
many arguments.
. As a result of Judge Frazer*s deci
sion, the oncers of the Multnomah Fair
Association, which controls the course,
state they will have no more racing,
claiming that without betting it would
be unprofitable. The decision was
handed down in the cas« of Elizabeth
Ryan, owner of the track, against tho
Multnomah Fair Association, its les
seed, for an order enjoining: said les
sees from conducting any sort of a
gambling game at the races. The cases
will be tried in the Circuit Court on
September 7. If it should result in
favor of the Fair Association, Whitney
L. Boise, one of the attorneys for tho
Association, says an action for dam
ages will be begun immediately against
Mrs. Ryan for injury to their business
by keeping 1 people from their race meet
and also by causing injury to tha rac
ing business in general.
Judge Frazer stated he rendered tha
decision with reluctance, as he had a
feeling the case was brought to satisfy
private revenge. Ha would have pre
ferred It to come before him sitting a*
a criminal court. He said the evidence
before him was not such as would
substantiate the theory that the case
was not brought in good faith, and he
must confine himself to the rules of
law in rendering a decision. Captain
Spencer, attorney in fact for Mrs. Ryan,
was not an interested party in the case
from a legal standpoint, and what h«
said- and did could not show bad faith
on the part of the plaintiffs.
The stopping of racing effects many
horsemen who depended on their sta
bles for a livelihood.
FINANCE COMMITTEE.
FINDS A SOLUTION
Means AVliereby Supervisors
May I?eturn Illegally
Collected Taxes.
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors will recommend to the
board when the business sessions are re
sumed next month that a resolution be
passed for the purpose of granting relief
to those property owners who have lost
their receipted tax bills for the year 1302.
The object of the resolution is to enable
such property owners to recover from the
city the special levy made in that year
for schools and hospitals, which waa de
clared illegal by the Supreme Court.
Under a recent amendment to the code
property owners who had failed to pro
test within six months against the pay
ment of the special tax were empowered
to do so within three years from the date
of payment. The time limit will expire In
November, and the Finance Committee
desires to return the taxes to all property
owners who have paid them.
. Auditor Baehr has already refunded
some $250,000 of the taxes, but requires
the receipted tax bills to be presented to
him before be will issue a demand for
the special taxes to be returned. Baehr
is- upheld in this course by the Board of
Supervisors, but at a recent conference
it was agreed that after the major por
tion of the , taxes have been paid back
steps will be taken to reimburse those
who have lost their bills but who are
marked paid on the assessment roll for
the year named. The amount to be re
turned in that manner will aggregate
several thousands of dollars.
Turner to Fiarht Louie Lonsr.
STOCKTQX. Aut. IS.— Rafa Turn«r of thl*
city and Loula Long:, represented by Bart Mur
phy, ' manager of the Hoffman Athletlo Clu>
of Sacramento, wer* ' matched her* to-day to
fight twenty rounds beforo the Hoffmaa dub
on the 7th of September. The Tar«T ar« to w*iara
133 Dounda at S o'clock on th» day of th»
JUrht.
Kelly gave the Commuters some hope
by opening the ninth Inning with , a hit.
Croll laid one down in front of the pitch
er's box, and should have been easily
thrown out, but the Tigers started to hurl
the sphere : around in ; all directions, and
by the time it; got back to the pitcher's
hands Kelly.- and Croll were landed on
the second and third stations. \u25a0 Streib hit
and two runs resulted, which brought
the game to an end. Score: .
, TACOMA;
; AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, s. B .....3 0 1 0 2 2 1
Sheehan, 8b... :2 0 0 0 2 S 0
Nordyke, 1b... ...... •* 11 0 7 1 1
L>-nch. c. f..... .....* 0 1 0 2 0 0
McLaughlin, 1. f-... 2 1 0 0 3 0 0
Ca5ey, Zb. ........... 8 0 10 2 1 0
Graham, c... ....... 3 0 1 0 3 2 0
Hogan, r. f..........'3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Fitzgerald, p......... 8 0 0 0 1 -^1
Totals... ..\27.~2 ~6 o*2* 10 8
5 OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. o. t.... 4 1 2 0 3 0 0
Francka, a. 9...;.... 3 . 0 2 0 3 4 1
Dunleavy, 1f.....:. 4 0 2 0 ,4 10
Devereaux. 3b....... 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Kelly. 2b....... V.... 4 12 0 2 10
Croll. r. f............ 3 1 0 0 1 X- 0.
Streib, 1b............ 3 0 1 0 7 1 0
Byrnes, c. ........::3 0 0 0 4 1 0
Graham, p...... 3 .0 0 J)
T0ta15...... .....31 3 0 0 27 17- 1
•No one out when winning run -was scored, i
• \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0.• RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tac0ma..:....... 0 0 0 .0-0 *0.0,0\2— .2
Base hits. J.... 0" 0 0 0 2 110 2—6
Oakland..../.... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2—3
Base hit 5...... 2 0 1 0 0 2 0 2 2—9
. SUMMARY.
' Three-base hit — Casey/; Two-base hit — Nor
dyke. Sacrifice hits — DunleaxTr, Sheehan. Ca
sey, Francks. First baae on errors — Tacoma 1,
Oakland '1. \u25a0 First -base on called ' balls^ — Off
Graham :4, off Fitzgerald 2. Left ' on £aces—
Tacoma 5, Oakland 9. \u25a0\u25a0 Struck out— By Graham
3, -by Fitzgerald 2." Double plays— Francka -to
Streib: Croll to Byrnes to*. "Graham, to Dever
eaux to Dunleavy to Kelly to Dunleavy; Dev
ereaux to Streib; Sheehan to Casey to Nordyke.
Time of game — One hour, and' thlrtyrflve min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
The bases were usually occupied, but
by sensational fielding and ciever pitch
ing on the part of Oscar Graham and
Fitzgerald no runs, were made until Oak
land scored in the eighth. Van then sin
gled and scored on a sacrifice and a hit. '
The game looked to be over when Shee
han, the first \ man up for Tacoma, flew
out In the ninth. Nordyke followed with
a two-base hit to center. Lynch could
do nothing; and .it was up to , Mc-
Laughlin for a base hit. Here Graham
made a mistake . by walking McLaughlin,
as Casey* straightened one out that went
to the 'right field fence for a three-bagger,
scoring two runs. .
Oakland and Tacoma hitched up in a
baseball battle ; at - ; Idora Park, Oakland,
yesterday that was full of thrills. It final
ly ended .with ; a" display of sensational
playing. With the game apparently lost,
Tacoma went to . bat in the ninth, and
with a, couple of well-placed hits they
ended the inning with one to the good. It
looked gloomy for Rip's men, as Fitzger
ald was winging them over in a master
ful manner/ but Oakland surprised those
who. were lucky enough to be there by
going, right to it and batting out a vic
tory without a' man going down. Score —
Oakland 3," Tacoma 2.
The game was full of peculiar and sen
sational plays, probably more than are
seen in six ordinary games. In the first
two innings Oakland succeeded in get
ting two men. on bases without - scoring.
An unusual double play was made in the
fifth, when McLaughlin occupied second
and Graham was ,on the , initial - sack.
Both of . them were doubled , on a single
by Hogan. McLaughlin started home
from secdnd and was caught between the
bags. The whole, team tried to run him
down, and finally Dunleavy caught him.
The ball was quickly thrown to second
and Graham was caught in a like manner
by Dunleavy. In this play six of, the Oak
land team were 'credited with assists.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
'(PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.)
WVL.Pct.i \u25a0-.;\u25a0 . W. I* "Pet.
Portland ... 9 5 .640 Oakland ..: 7 7 -.600
Seattle- .:.. S 5 .616 S. Francisco 5 8 .384
Tacoma . . . . .7 . 6 \u25a0 .638 Los Angeles 4 9 .307
Oaklanil-Taconia at Recreation Park,
libs Angeles at Seattle.
San ' Francisco' at ' Portland.
TO-DAY'S GA3IES.
SARATOGA, Aug. 15.— The Merchants'
and Citizens' handicap was the feature
of to-day's racing card. » Had ' there
been a fine day the whole village would
have turned out, but bad weather held
the crowd back. Only about eight thou
sand spectators passed the turnstiles.
The lightly weighted Outcome upset
many calculations in the handicap. She
just ran over the public ; choices
through the stretch and won by several
lengths from Proper. and Dolly Spanker.
Proper was iuterferred with on the far
turn, where he and Outcofne were
thrown back. The latter got the worst
of it and was much the best. Dolly
Spanker did well, but tired on the way
home. Lord of the Vale also stopped.
Caughnawaga could not do himself jus
tice in the heavy going. Burns claimed
a foul against Spanker, but it was not
allowed. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs, handicap,
for 3 year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. JocWfcy. St. % Fin.
Ittto5 — D'Arkle,,*l(/5 (Miller)... 3 2 I^l 1
4to I— Lochinvs?. 102 (Beh) ...4 12 22
1(5 to o — Cigar L'gr, 105 Buch'n) 1 5 2 o 1 •
Time, 1:28 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, R. Angarola's b. g. by Arkle-Darka.
Humo. Braden, Broadcloth finished as named.
Portland 1, San Francisco O.
Oakland 8, Tacorua 2.
Los Angeles 5, Seattle 2.
Tirt:<s 1 :'M 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winnei, Frod Cook's b. c. by Bowling Green-
IdlebridEc Kleinwood 102. Pierce J 107. Euba
i'j. Karuiolph IA7 and Dan Collins 107 finished
at naniid.
LATONIA, Aug. 15. — After two days
of continuous rain the track was deep
and heavy to-day at Latonia. Despite
the unfavorable outlook for form play
<rs a large crowd was in attendance.
The card, although nothing exceptional,
\u25a0was a well-balanced affair, and the
eightfon books in line had a good time
handling the money. Port Worth, after
lijiishing second in the fifth race,
eiumblfd and fell after crossing the fin
ish line and threw his rider. Jockey
Harris. Both escaped injury. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maiden three
j>ar-<ilds and up; ceiling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, JocKey. St. % Fin.
sto I— Bwlr;g. Bridge,^ Robnsn) 5 4^ll
20 tc I— J. W. O'Neill. 100 (Ward) 7 7 1 2 n
10 to I— Albemaik, 'Jit iWillson). 4 5 13 1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time, 1:19 4-5. ' Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. McLennon's b. g. by Aloha- Annie
L. Savoir Kalre, • Mrs. Bob, Silurian, Miss
Affable, Tony Hart, Edna Tanner nnlshed as
named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling;:
Betting-. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % , Fin.
7to I—A.1 — A. Alone, ua (Obertny) . . 4 5 a 1 a
9to 3— Mies Mrgn. vi (J. Heusy) 3 1 2 2 2
uto 2— cmcarra. u2 (Schoen) .... 7 3 n 3 2
BUFFALO, Aug. 15.— Heavy rains
fell . during ' the' night, rendering the
track muddy and scratches were nu
merous. The steeplechase was de
clared off on account of the sodden con
dition Of the field. The handicap at
seven furlongs was won: by Mrs. Frank
Foster, which led the field throughout
and won cleverly. Pirato Polly was
second and Pipe third. Herman John
son showed wonderful improvement' in
the fourth race over. his last time out.
As that \u25a0 race was run on a fast track
and the track was muddy to-day no
judicial action was taken. - Summary:
FIRST RACK — One mile; maiden three
year-olas; purse: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
ito I— bisque, 110 (J. She-ehan) 7 3 111%
13 to s—Jl>.5 — Jl>. ix>od, 110 (F01ey). . . . 5 2 n 'Z 5
6to S — Economist, 112 (A. Wish) a 6 n 3 n
'lime, 1:48 2-5. Start jjood. Won . cleverly.
Winner, J. Philips' b. f. by Belvldere- Argent.
Berne, Theodore, Awe, Irene Brady, . blorm
fccud, . Ilawtrey nniskbd as named. . >•<;:-'.':
RESULTS OF GAMES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The All-California team is composed
of the fastest riders of five- of the most
important cypling clubs around the
bay and. they will go to Nevada imtmed
with the spirit of "do or die." Owing
to the faot that the men composing the
team are the pick of the best men of
the State, the Reno club, of course, has
the privilege of also securing men
from other clubs, in Nevada. This
makes the coming contest an inter
state race, rather than One ' between
clubs. • *
: Following are the clubs represented
and the members of the team:
• Oakland Wheelmen — Don Trego, H.
Bente and J. Lucio; Garden City Wheel
men — t. Waible and D. Fabacher;New
Century Wheelmen *— Dave Mainland
and McWhlrter; Bay City Wheelmen —
Long and McLaughlin; Central City
Wheelmen— Lawrence and T. MoGrath.
OAKLAND, Aug. IB.— Determined, to
retrieve the laurel* lost by repeated de
feats at the hands of the Reno "Wheel
men, by defeating them on their own
track, "the various cycling clubs of the
cities about the bay have planned to
form a Joint relay team of the best
riders in each club, which will be sent
to Reno to make an effort to wrest the
championship of the Pacific Coa«t from
the tenacious grtpot the Sagebrushers.
The members of the combination team,
which ' will b«: known ."as the All-Call
fornias, have already . been . selected and
the team will leave for Reno on Sun
day, the 27th Inst, in charge of Mcl
Moffltt, captain of tha Oakland Wheel
men. - .
Both the fighters are due from the
mountains to-day. They will settle down
in their training quarters within the next
twenty-four hours.
The $2500 forfeits of each man and of
the promoting club have been posted with
Harry Corbett, the stakeholder.
A committee of business men from
Colma' made -up o/ Benjamin Green,
James . Casey, and "VV. H. Almon : waited
upon Manager • Jim Coffroth yesterday,
and -gave -reasons why he' should carry
out his plans as: originally made. -''..They
told him- a; petition' was- being sighed 'by
residents of San Mateo County showing
they are in favor of the affair.
A second committee from the Native
Sons . appointed ; at Sacramento on Mon
day had not communicated with Manager
Coffroth' up to a late hour { last night.
The 'actual site for the arena has not
been selected. There; is a choice of three
locations.- One of theseis on the county
road in Union; Coursing Park and directly
opposite thepresent grand stand. Another
Is on the east' side of the* county road
where it descends abruptly from Colma.
This is a sheltered place and is a natural
amphitheater. The working plans have all
been prepared and the lumber ordered, so
that all the; preparations for building are
well advanced. . '\u25a0•'.''
While 'the Native Sons are usrtng every
endeavor to secure the postponement of
the Britt-Nelson figi..., the citizens .„ ot
San Mateo are urging that it" be
held on Admission day, as planned. .
Special DUpatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Forsake High. Sierras
for 'the Dull -.Routine
of Their Training Camps
Sensational and Peculiar
Plays Abound in Contest in
Which Both -Teams -Shine
Although Track Is Heavy
From Two Days' Eain 13
Books Are Kept Busy
Best Men of Five Clubs to
Make Effort to Eetrieve
the State's Lost Laurels
Herman Johnson Shows Big
Improvement v Over His
La st Appearance iii a Eace
PITCHEES AEE STEONG
Their Expensive Strings
Will Be Idle Until the
Winter Eacing Commences
FAST EIDERS CHOSEN
Heavy Going Stops
Some Crack Handi
cap Horses.
HORSEMEN WILL SUFFEK
LATONIA CARD
WELL BALANCED
FROM REVERSAL
AT FORT ERIE
Commuters Bat Out Victory
in the Ninth Inning, Wlien
Game Seems to Be Lost
BOXEBS AXE DUE TO-DAY
San Mateo People Urge the
Fight Promoter to Adhere
to His Original Plans
All-California Team to Go
to Nevada to Battle for
the Cycling Championship
Judge Frazer Makes Perma
nent the Injunction Re
straining Pool Selling
Sir Dixon Mare Proves
Much the Best of
Her Field.
TIGERS DOWNED
AT THE FINISH
CITIZENS TALK
WITH COFFROT
CLUBS COMBINE
TO MEET RENO
RACING CEASES
AT PORTLAND
OUTCOME WITH LIGHT IMPOST
DEFEATS PROPER HANDILY.
THE :SAN I^ANCISOT^^ 15, lf)05.
COLMA OPPOSES POSTPONEMENT OF THE FIGHT
EDITED BY:
R. A. SMYTH
SPORTS
PAGE
\u25a0 A surrey, ; : runabout ;- and .top buggy ? or Stan
hope 'If '\u25a0 bouchtv, of us Jalwaysi lives up to the
price. 'V,Wei carry ' the ibest- that's : made. : Lei
bold v Harness Co.; ; 211; Larklnst. ; . -
6
\u25a0
nyn 1 \v% \&
;Is one of the most enjoy-
_,able sports known to
:. mankind, and Marquette
Whiskey adds joy to the
chase and health and
comfort when the day's
work is done.
Take it to the woods .
with you.
Grommes & Ullrich
Chicaso. DL
. SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH
MarquetteWeather Report.
(120 th Meridian — Pacific \u25a0 Time.)
BARK CORYPHEXE. REPORTED A
TOTAL LOSS OFF CAPE PRINCE
OF WALES.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 15—5 p. m.
- The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day: .
Cincinnati ...... .82-70 New York . . . . . .7ft-. .
Boston 88-00 Pittßburg ....... .88-68
Jacksonville ..'... 88-75 Washington : 82-72
St. Louis 8(5-70 New Orleans ....90-76
Chicago 72-flB Honolulu, H. T. .82-72
Philadelphia ....76-68 -\u25a0:.
SAN FRANCISCO . 64-52
- '.. - • COAST RECORD.
v g -z 2 \u25a0 g .5
•3 <» x™ - -i <y ft
3 3aSS-'"slc- 8 §
STATIONS. ff «|fig dB %*\u25a0 £;
Baiter ... 80.06 64 40 NW Cloudy .00
Carson ..29.82 82 50 W Clear. .00
Eureka 30.08 62 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno ....... 29. 50 94 58 W Clear .00
S. E. Fara110n.29.93 68 52 NW Clear .00
Flagetaff ....29.78 78 46 W Clear .00
Independence .29.74 90 62 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. BB 78 58 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.23.94 73 58 NW Clear .00
North Head.. 30. 14 62 M W CToudy .06
Phoenix 29.68 100 78 W Cl«ar .00
Point Reye5.. 29. 89 68 48 N Clear .00
Pocatello -...-29.88 74 62 W Clear .00
Portland 30.06 74 50 W Cloudy .01
Red Bluff... 589. 50 04 ;60' SW Clear .00 I
Roscburg . . . .80.02 76 846 NW Pt.CTdy .00
Sacramento ..29.82 90 54 8 Clear .00
Salt Lake. ...29.72 88 70- NW Clear .00
San Franclsco.29.92 64 62 W Clear .00
S. L 0bUp0.. 29.94 72 54 NW Clear .00
San Diego 29.88 70 64 W Clear .00
Peattle 30.10 70 52 W CToudy .00
Spokane 30.04 68 48 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 30.10 68 50 S Cloudy .to
; Winivemucca .29.86 S4 50 NW Clear .00
Yuma 29.68 100 72 W CTear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND . GENERAL
FORECAST. •• :
The weather continues pleasant through
California. No rain la reported west of the
Rocky Mountains. In the Great Valley after
noon temperatures range from 90 degrees to 94
degrees. . Along the coast temperature* are
about 70 decrees. :
: A maximum wind velocity of -28 -miles from
the northwest Is reported at Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 10:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; light northerly winds. _
Los Anceles and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
light west winds. • „ \u0084
Sacramento Valley— Fair, warmer; light
n °San Joaqu'in Valley— Fair, warmer Wednes
day; light north winds.
Coast— Fair Wednesday; light west winds.
Nevada— Fair, wanner Wednesday.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
The Seventeenth Infantry,-' which ar
rived from the Philippines last Wednes
day, expect to depart from the Presidio
for their new post at Fort McPherson,
Georgia, on . next Friday. - The third
squadron of the Thirteenth Cavalry will
probably \ depart on the same date for
Fort Sill, Oklahoma.
The committee of arrangements for the
coming contest of sports of the Depart
ment of California met yesterday morn
ing at the Presidio. It was decided that
the contest should begin on August 22, at
2 p. \u25a0 m., with baseball. It was necessary
to begin a day earlier than originally
arranged In order to allow the six
nines to finish the championship con
tests by. the end of the athletic meet.
Miss Clifford Mitchell Is visiting her
brother, Lieutenant Burton J. Mitchell,
at the Hotel Cecil. She will be here for
about ten days, r; , .
The following "registered at depart
ment headquarters yesterday: Captain
W. WV Quinton, Medical Department,
Seventeenth Infantry,; Captain A. L.
Dade, Thirteenth Cavalry, and Lieuten
ant William' Korst, Seventh Infantry.
Bids were opened yesterday morning
In the chief quartermaster's office for
the new laboratory to be constructed at
the general "hospital. The lowest bid
was $10,133.
The scene was witnessed by a large
number, of spectators, but few, knew
that the young soldier met death at
the time. ,
General S. S. Sumner will leave for the
north on Aueust 25 to make his tour 'of
inspection of the Department of the Co
lumbia. Tha tour will be an extensive
one, as he intends to Inspect all the prin
cipal posts of that department.
As the tour will embrace posts in Ore
gon and posts in Washington the general
will probably be away about a month.
During his trip north he will visit the
Lewis and Clark Exposition : at Port
land, Or. In the party will be Mrs. Sum
ner and Lieutenant J. A. Hlggins.
-The great weight passed • over his
chest, crushing his ribs, and causing
him internal hemorrhages. He lived
for only a . few minutes after the ac
cident. : -\u25a0 >; ,: \u25a0•\u25a0; >;', :
Private Fred Farmer was killed while
practicing: with the First Battery Field
Artillery yesterday morning.
The field artillery was going through
Its evolutions and a number of new
Oregon horses were being put through
their paces. , \u25a0 ~ :
Young Farmer, who had not been
with the artillery long, was sitting
on the front seat of ; the caisson,
which was being rapidly driven
around/a sharp, turn when the tongue
broke. The horses became frightened,
and attempted to run away, and the
dangling pole caused "them to begin
kicking.
Whether at this period Farmer fell,
or; jumped from the caisson, is not
known; at any rate he landed on the
parade ground immediately under the
wheels of the heavy gun carriage which
ran ovar him. j. \u0084
James Murphy, a teamster employed* by the
Geary Street Railway Company, died at, the
French Hospital yesterday morning from in
juries f received by being thrown from his
wagon at thp . crossing of Fifth avenue and
Fulton street on August 6. In tha darkness
he drove Into .a pile of rock that had been
left in the street. He was 60 years old and
resided with his family at 415 First avenue.
Teamster Fatally Injured.
Soldier of Field Artillery
•Is Tatally Crushed by
of Gun Carriage
FALLS FROM CAISSON
Private Fred .Farmer, While
*in Company Practice at
the Presidio, Is Killed
MEETS DEATH
DURING DRILL
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. l Pier.
" Anfrost 18. I
Centralla... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm! Pier 10
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjPier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am:Pler 5
Roanolts...- Los Angeles Porte. 7 pm Pier 6
Arctic.:.... Humboldt v 9 am Pier. 2
Sea F0am... 1 Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Siberia -1 China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
I August 17.
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
State ot Cal. l San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Aucunt IS.
Corona Humboldt J:3op|Pier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amjPier 11
N. Fork.... i Humboldt ......... 9 amlPler 20
Queen ;Pu«ret Sound Ports. 11 am| Pier 9
C. Nelßon...: Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pmjPler 20
Ansrunt 19.
Vanguard..- Humboldt 5 pmlPler 27
Northland.. Astoria & Portland 5 pmlPler 27
Arg0....... Eel River Ports... 3 pmlPier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
M. F. Plant. Coos Bay 4 pmlPier —
Aurella Astoria & Portland 5 pm!Pler 27
Alameda Honolulu 11 am'.Pler 7
Angu.it 20.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Roea. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Ausrust 21.
S. Monica.. I,o* Angeles Pts... 10 am Pier 2
City Topeka Humboldt 1:» plPler 9
F. Kilburn.. Portland ft Way.. % pmlPier 27
Aiiffu«( 22.
Elliabeth... Coqullle River ... 12 m Pier 20
Bonlta. .-..— Newport & Way. . 9am Pier 11
AuiriiKt 23.
City Puehla. pp U get Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
AukuM 24.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pm Pier 2
. AuprUMt 25.
St. Paul Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
AucuKt 26.
Jeanle Beattle &. Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 20
Redondo.... Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier..... Seattle & Bel'ham 4 pm Pier 10
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Ammon Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
City Sydney N. Y. via Aneon..l2 m Pier 40
Nevadan :... Hono. & Kahulul.f 3 pm Pier 23
FROM SEATTLE. . ..
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Santa Ana.... Seward & Way Ports.. Aug. 16
City Seattle. . . Ekagway & Way Ports. Aug. 16
Humboldt.... Pkagway &' Way Ports Aug. Jrt
Portland....^. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 19
Victoria...... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 19
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
01ymp1a...... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 21
Santa Clara. .. Valdez & Seward .... Aug." 22
8ertha........ Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Edith Nome direct ...[Sept. 1
Excelsior Eeward & Way Ports. | Sept. 1
Soiuetblnß New in Printing:.
-;.v ThWre' s ' something. ne w . ' in the
"printlns-trade-^improved ! machinery , and ] Im
proved \u25a0 methods. \We have-, them rand; the .well
trained ; mechanics— the men with ; ideas Ito | add
to ; yours. , Sanborn, ; Vail & Co..' 741 Market
•treet. . .-\u25a0-..' - v \u25a0\u25a0 ." ,'*> \u25a0•'\u25a0 '"-'\u25a0 " •*:\u25a0\u25a0«%*?:s
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroirraphlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San 'Francisco; Cal.,
Tuesday, August 15, 1905: .
The Tim* Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I «. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or -at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. : U. , S. N.. in charge.
Wlll ; Remove Next Week.
" The - acting ; custodian iof - the \u25a0 new I govern
ment building .; at ' Seventh , and i Mission . streets
notified United States Marshal Shine yesterday
that the building would be ready for occupancy
on .Thursday of ntxt week.- s'l*he United States
Circuit Court and the offices ; of ' its clerk will
be « th« : first i removed.y Then ? will •; follow *; the
District Court and its' clerk,* the ; Circuit i Court
of Appeals and its \u25a0: clerk, Uhe- United : States
Marshal and , the | District Attorney."; The Post
office ' Inspectors " and * the r postof flc» - will \u25a0 oo
cuoy their new Quarters on ; September 1.
Meuioranda.'
. Per stmr Alameda— Aug 1 13; In lat 34 05 N,
long 135 27 \u25a0:. W, '.. passed four-masted • British
ship ;i Lismore, | from ; Liverpool, « for San Fran
cisco.";- \--:. ;'. :-'\ .''\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0. 1... )\u25a0'. :. "\u25a0;\u25a0:'
Admitted . to Practice } Law.
The -following persons .haves been admitted
to practice as attorneys and counselors ' at law
In' all of ' the courts : of : - the ',\u25a0 State, the '• exam
inations having s taken \u25a0 place .< In ' the District
Court i of . Appeals: t Parker S. Maddux. . Joseph
Erwln Reardon. Ingall'-.W. -Bull,- Clifton D.
Cavallaro. ' H; M. Lewis, ; Harry . T. Johnson,
Thomas Harvey, Frank-; William
NightlngUV Joseph > Warren Patton,. Frank *D.
Roehr. Walton •B. Barnhlsel," W*.- E. Wright.
Jay • C.I Powers, Lycurgus Dee ; Smith, '. Luke
Leary. \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0-;.\u25a0:•\u25a0' \u25a0<:'\u25a0:-.\u25a0:'\u25a0'' -..'.;•;.'\u25a0 •»-;\u25a0'< -V- \u25a0'\u25a0' ; ' '\u25a0 '". '"\u25a0 ; >-.v!
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surv«» —
• ARRIVED.
Tuesday. August 15. '
U S «tmr Lawton, Winder, 8H days from
Honolulu. •*\u25a0««-'.'
Stmr Mandalay, Adler, 32 hours from Cres-
Stmr Alameda, DowdelL 6 daya 23 hours
from Honolulu. . .
Stmr Czarina, Duggan, 45 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 93 hours from Ta
coma. .
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Schr R. W. Bartlett, Nielson, 5 - days from
WllU ~ H ' rb ° r - CLEARED. -:\u25a0>:
Tuesday. August 15.-
Stmr State of California.' Thomas, San Diego.
SAILED, jf; .
Tuesday,* August 15.
Stmr City of Top«k«, Swan«on, Eureka.
Stmr James 8. Hlgglns. Hlggins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay. .
. Stmr St. i Paul, Randall, Astoria ; and Port-
a stmr George Loomls, Seddon. Seattle.
Stmr Noyo, Lee, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy,' Lelano, Monterey. -
Ptmr Santa Barbara. Zaddert, Seattle.
Btmr Fulton, Panzer, Eureka.- v -
Stinr Point Arena. Reed, . Mendocino.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
•Wnter Front Xote*.
Tbw was no change yesterday In th« rates
of reinsurance on the vessels on the overdue
Vhc Pacific Mall Company's liner Siberia.
Captain J. Treinaine Smith, will call at 1
o'clock to-day for the Orient. She will take
« full cargo and many passengers. -,•
The British steamer Condor, which Is in the
»tr*am finishing loading for Moilendo. has a
creat deckload of railroad ties and a list to
Ptarboird which made her look like a derelict.
She will be ttralKhtened up before she Is al
lowed to leav« port.
No further details were received yesterday
a** to the lose of the bark Coryphene, which
was wreckwS off Cape Princ* of Wales while on
a voyage from Seattle for Nome,
:;,;:—-—*——\u25a0
To Load for Honolulu.
The barkentlne Corona do will load general
cargo here lor. Honolulu.
After His Mother ' Hnd ' Given Her Trs
tlmony. She. Showed Sljpn* of . ;
Faintlnsr in Court. {
: The .-. trial of Dr. H. ,T. Thornburgh on . a
charge of r forgery!, began ; ~ ln x Judge- Law.'or's
court ; yesterday. : , The . prosecution ' closed ; Its
case . mid | the j defendant was under cross-exam
ination '\u25a0' when the- court "adjourned tilU this
morning. ". The defendant's : mother waa called
as a wltnes« and 'as she left: the- stand she
showed signs \u25a0 of : fainting, but f was quickly re
vived
The defendant was connected with a medi
cal dispensary ion : Market . street, conducted by
Charles A. -Baxter.* and he Is accused of forging
Baxter's 'name' to o check for $10 on April 15.
which he •'ashed with Ignatzßtck. a druggist
at 1348 Ellis street. He had passed a number
of similar " check* ion others, but In \u25a0 cross-ex
amination he: said \ it was always his Intention
to redeem themt without the ' necessity . of pre
senting them at the bank. > '
Thornburgh prior to his arrest on the charge
of forgery was arrested on complaint of Bax
ter's wife on a^ charge of abduction.'.- She com
plained that under threats of killing her Thorn
burgh compelled •\u25a0\u25a0 her;, to ' go ' to ' San Jose • with
him. where he kept her for aNiay, and a r half.-
DR. THORNBURGH ON TRIAL
ON CHARGE OP FORGERY
Alameda Beats Mongolia.
The Oceanic 6team«hip Company's liner Ata
weda Captain DowdelU which arrived yester
day from Honolulu, «tIU lives up to b«r reputa
lion for consistent punctuality. In spite Ot
rtron* head winds and a high sea. «he made
better running time by two hours between
«onolulu and this port than the big MocgOiia.
The Mongolia left Honolulu a day ahead of the
Aiameda. but many of the Mongolia a pas
tngeri w«S .till on board the Pacific Mall
boat when th. Alameda's passecgerß were.
climbing into hacks and buses at Paclflo street
* TTt£' Alaroetja brought a full cargo and 219
paspeiigTs. Among whom were:
Miss M. Andrain. J- S. Angus. W D. Adams.
W M Bray, Mrs. Bray. E. J. Benjamin. J. R.
JJerrsu-om J. F. Powier. Miss N. Craig. Rev.
W E Crabtre*. Mrs. Crabtree and two chil
dren, Mrs. J. T. Campbell. Mrs. C. E. Dun
frfcee W. R. Douglas. A. W. Eames, Mw. W.<
I> Fennel. Cartaln G. F. Garland. Leighten
Hind. W. Heye, Mrs. J. A. M. Johnson and
child. 8. H. Moses, Mr. Maertins, Mm. Maer
tins and child. D. F. Mann, C. D. McEachjon.
B F Ma*e Miss Paris, Miss A. Paris Misa
c' Peterson Misses Shlpman, Mrs. Sennl, Col
onel Z S. Sp*l<Jing, Mrs. and Miss Stok*s.
Brother Thomas. W. G. Walker. Mr. Purvis.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
Ayg. 15, 120 th meridian time. San Francisco:
f s! l^ en \u25a0 . ta ><
8g33'0,t0 <je: p
STATIONS. «S 1| ? f S i% .?
H. 2. 5\u25a0 \u25a0 ? P 1 \u25a0i.
ca3 : • •
3 3\u25a0, :\u25a0\u25a0 • : :
Coluaa 88 65 .00 Clear
Eureka .... 62 02 .00 Clear NW 20
Fresno W5B M Clear W 6
Hanford ....... f>B 52 .00 Clear
Hollister 81 43 .00 C ear ... . . .
Independence . . . 80 ,02 .00 C ear bE 12
King City .79 47 .00 Clear N
Llvermore ..... 91 45 . 00 Clear .... . .
Los CgelCß . . . 78 6S .00 Clear SW 10
Merced ..... ... 97 '43 .00 - Clear ......
V aD a ' ....84 59 .00 Clear S ' ...
Newcastle ..... 92 66 .00 r Clear SW ..
Newman ...... .95' 50 .00 Clear
Palermo ....... 94 61 .00 Clear 8^ ..
Portervillft ..... 84 56 .00 C ear NW ..
Red B'.uft .... 04 60 .00 Clear SW 4
Riverside ...... 89 49 .00 Clear .... ..
Sacramento .... 90 M .00 Clw S V 4
San DiegO ..... 70 «4 \u25a0 .00 Claar W «
Ban Francisco .64 52 .00 Clear WV 26
San Luis Obispo 72, 54. .00 . Clear NW 4
Santa Maria . . . 72 56 , .00 Clear ..:...
Stockton ....... 86 59 .00. Clear ..... ..
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS, *
Napa — Grapes continue to do well. Promise
of fair yield. .;
Palermo— Orchardiats. shipping dried fruit. ;
. Hanford— Grapes belns picked. Peaches
nearly all gone. Hay crop good. . .
" Santa Maria— Cold, foggy mornings still con
tinue with unchanged ." croD conditions. "
Colusa^-Pear picking computed. Prunes rip
ening rapidly; picking will commence in a few
days... \u25a0--" ". ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.•-\u25a0 ';\u25a0 ' ','\u25a0-\u25a0''\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0
Riverside— Nectarines making good crop. :\;
Hollister— Hay" coming in fast. More, stor
age room belne built. ' " ' \u25a0
-King City— Cool north afternoon .wind, foggy
morning. - \u25a0' \u25a0 : -• .'\u25a0'.'
. Stockton — Almond crop : heavier this season
than past two years. '
Llvermore — Only half crop in some vine
yards.
\u25a0 .A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
Xavy Transport La^rton Arrive*.
Crowded with b!u«-jackett, most of whom
have but a few months more to serve Uncle
£atr.. the navy transport Lawton. Captain W\
Winder, arrived yesterday from Manila. The
Lawtcn calltd at Guam and at Honolulu, re
training about five days at the latter port.
Formerly the Lawton was an army transport.
She wag transferred to the r-avy, refitted to
suit her new work, and has just ended her first
raani trip under navy management. She Is
not a large vessel, but she crought across the
Jaciflc thirty cabin passengers and 609 blue-
Jackets. It «as < lose quarters, but good dlsci
fiine was maintain*-* and the transport arrived
*ith all hands in good spirits. Jack made the
most of fcie lack of elbow room, and between
otficers and men the utmost good will seemed
to prevail.
Among the jackles are four very fine singers,
who combined on the Lawton to make a quar
tet, of which Captiln Winder Is very proud.
At Honolulu the Lawton quartet made a great
tit and It Is pos&ible. when they get their dl»
chargt* that the four bluejackets may ship on
some vaudeville circuit for a cruise about the
continent. . : _' ...
The Lawton will probably go to Mare Island
to-day and there prepare for another trip to
the Orient. " .
The officers of the Lawton are: Commander
V.' Winder, .commanding; Lieutenant Ccm
rr.ar.der John C. Leonard, executive officer;
Lieutenant L. Shane, navy officer; Ensign C.
E. Landram. Ensign L. Brooke, Ensign Gal
braith Encign C. C. MoEe». Midshipman John
Rogers, Surgeon H. P. Fltts. Assistant Surgeon
Joseph Miller. Paymaster John Irwin Jr., Chap
lain John F. Fleming. Pay Clerk Forrest, Chief
Boattwaln Hendry. Boatswain Ehaw. Carpen
ter Floathy. ChieX Gunner Roach. W arrant Ma
chinist Venable. • ,s _ \u25a0'• „'
The passenger* were: Paymasters H- «•
r:ppin ana J. S. Hlggins. Assistant Surgeons
H F. Strine and R. H. MicbaeU; First Lieu
t.nut Howard. U. 8. M. C: Warrant Machin-
UU L A. H. Wentworth. H. Heggenhaugen,
W- EUles. Pay Clerk H. H. Pallanck,
Boatswain H. E. Olsen. Aes^tant Surgeon F.
G Munson, Construction Clerk H. 8. A- Hane
frrd- Mr French, draughtsman: J. Dollar,
chief crT.cer collier eervlee: W. Perry, chief en
elgn collier sen-ice; S. F. Lufberry. master ship
fitter; Mr. and Mr.. LemkuhU Mr. Nelson. Mrs.
Googine and < w <» chlldrea; J. A- Luke and A.
Thompson. - .. j . .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. 1 Due.~
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Aug. lti
Ch&s. Nelson. . Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 16
Aztec. . . .• ; Ancon Aug. 16
Del Norte ! Crescent City Aug. 18
Corona i Humboldt Aug. 16
Roanoke j Portland & Way Ports.iAu«. lii
Vanguard Humboldt jAus. 17
X-orthland Portland & Astoria... i Aug. 17
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay & Pt Orford Aug. 17
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Aug. 17
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego * Way Ports Aug. 17
Columbia Portland &' Astoria ..JAug. 17
Phoenix Crescent City -jAugr. 17
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Aug. 18
Argo Eel River Ports lAug. 18
City Sydney... New Tork via Ancon.. Aug. IS ;
Eureka Humboldt ...*,. .Aug. 19
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports, j Aug. 19
F. Kilburn.... Portland & Way Ports 'Aug. 19
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports Aug. 19
City Topeka.. 1 Humboldt iAug. 18
G. Dollar 1 Seattie IAU({. 'A> :
G. Lindauer. . Graya Harbor (Aug. 20
Arctic Humboldt |Aug. 20
Sea Foam.... Mendocino & Pt. Arena! Aug. 20
Ammon Seattle jAug. 21
Ellrabeth ' Coqullle River |Aug. 21
p eru New York via Ancon.. I Aug. 21
State of Cal... San Dleso & Way Pts. Aug. 21
Santa Monica. Grays Harbor ........ Aug. 21
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports Aug. 21
J«anie Seattle & Tacoma .... Aug. 21
Breakwater... Coos Bay Aug. 22
Algoa Yokohama & M6J! Aug. 22
Bt..Paul.: Portland * Astoria Aug. 'J2
Redondo Portland & Astoria [Aug. 22
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham.iAug. 2a
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. (Aug. 23
Nevadan ! Seattle I Aug. 23
Cetitralta Gray* Harbor (Aug. 24
North Forte... Humboldt jAug. 24
Umatllla Puget Spund Ports [Aug. 24
China China & Japan JAug. 25
Nauplia • Hamburg & Way Ports! Aug. 2U
Schr Bessie X, Stark, San Vicente Lrfuidine.
Schr F. S. Redfield, Smith, Everett.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
June 24 — In 56 S. long 63 W, Br ehlp Mll
tonburn, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 15, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind west; velocity 8 miles per hour.
ISLAND PORTS.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Co
quille River, hence Aug 10.
WESTPOitT — Arrived Aug 13-rStmr Gre«n
woud, htr.ee Auk 11.
AbTOßlA— Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Despatch,
hence auk I*>, via Needle Rock.
Sailed AUff 14— Schr Monterey, In tow tug
Dauntless, lor Monterey. Aug 1 16 — Stmr Co
lumbia and stmr Northland, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Auk 15 — Stmr Alliance, from Coos
Bay.
Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Redondo, hence Aug
"PORT GAMBLE- Arrived Aug 15— Bktn
KHkitat, from Wlntlow.
Armed Aug 13— Bktn Kllkita-t, from. Wlna
low. -..\u25a0\u25a0
Sailed Auk 15— <Jer stmr Ammon. for San
Francisco.
EUKEK A— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Lakme,
hence Aug 11; t>tmr Vanguard, hence Aug 13;
t»cur John A, hence Aug ttj btmr Koanoke, from
Astoria.
Arrived Aug 15 — Schr Emma Claudina, from
ToDolo bamyo.
bEAIMLr: — Arrived Au« 15 — Stmr Valencia,
from Valaez; stmr Jeanie, hence Aug 10.
Sailed Aug U— Stmr Dolpnin, for «Kag*ay;
Btmr San Mateo, for St. Michael.
GRKJiNVv 001J — Arrived auk IS— Stmr Al
cazar, hence Auk 14.
TaTOOSH— Passed in Aug 15— Bktn James
Johnson, trom Port Clarence; stmr NeVadan,
hence auk 12, for. Seattle.
Passed out Aug 16— Stmr San Mateo, for
St. Michael.
PaciSbU in Aug 15— Br ship Segura, from Ac
ajjuico; lir ship ComliebanK. from Hongkong;
schr Mary' X- Foi>cer, hence Aug 3. Jt'aoeed
but — Bktn Amaranth, for San Pedro.
Passed in AU£ ID — Stmr Rainier, hence Aug
1", tor Seattle. ,:>
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed Aug 14, 8:30 p
m— Stmr Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived AXig 15 — Schr Jiangor,
front Tacoma; schr Okanugan, from Port Gam
ble; schr Soquel, from Olympla; schr Sadie,
from Unsaua Kiver. r*
Bailed Aux 15 — Stmr Wasp, for Ban Fran
cisco.
Arrived Aug 15 — Schr John A. Campbell,
from Belllngham; Etmr Santa Cruz, from Port
Harford.
Sailed Aug 15 — Schr Kona, for Oregon.
BANDON— Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Newport,
from Astoria.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr M. F.
Plant, for. San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK — Arrived Aug 15— Stmr
Manshtield, from San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Auk 15 — Stmv Ha
waiian, from New York, for San Francisco;
schr John O. North, from Port Gamble.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug M — Schr Forester,
from Port Discovery. \u25a0
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Aug 15 —
Stmr Wasp, trom San Pedro.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence Aug 11; echr A. B. Johnson,
hence July 24. -
HONOLULU— SaiIed Aug 14— U S stmr Sher
man, for Manila. « \u25a0 "
Arrived Auk 15 — Stmr Ventura, from Syd
ney; shio Marlcn Chllcott," from Monterey;
s.i nir Arizona n. hence Aue 7.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Maris
tow, trom Philadelphia.
BOSTON— Arrived Aug 14— Br etmr Graig
ellachic, from Montevideo. <
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 15— Br ship
Chelmstcrd, Irum London.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT NATAL— Arrived prior Aug 14— Br
etmr Mississippi, from Manna.
SINGAPORK— Arrived Aug 14— Br stmr St.
Fillans, trom New York. \u25a0 : ,
ANJER— Passed prior Aug 10— Br bark
Andromeda, trom New | York, for Hongkong, i
i ALTATA— Arrived Aug 14— Schr General
Bannlnu, aence Aug 30.
TOPOLOBAMPO— Arrived Aug 4— Schr mS}
hence July 17. . '
WILSONS PROMONTORY— Passed Aug 14—
Br febiD Wayfarer, from Hamburg, for San
Francisco. r ,
SYDNEY — Arrived- prior Aug 15 — Br stmr
Mlowera, from Victoria; stmr Sierra, hence
July 20. \u25a0 . v
IiAMBURG — Sailed Aug 13— Ger Btmr Den
derah, for San Kraneisco. : .
GUAYAQUIL— SoiIed Aug 16— Ger stmr
Abydos, tor San Francisco.
COMOX, B. C. — Sailed Aug 14, 6 pm— Br
btmr Wellington, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Fried
erich der Grosse, from Bremen and Southamp
ton. - ' \u25a0 .-,-- -.-' '\u25a0 \u25a0• v ' - '' \u25a0• — ' .:\u25a0
Sailed Aur 15 — Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm 11, I for
Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg ; stmr
Georgic, for Liverpool; stmr Prince Gekar, for
Naiili-s and Genoa. . ;
LIVERPOOL— Balled Aug IB— Stmr Cartha
ginian, from Glasgow, for St. Johns, N. F.,'
and Halifax. . . fj : .
Sailed Aug 13 — Btmr Ivernla, for Boston, via
Queenstown. - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 " •
GIBRALTAR — Arrived "Aug i 15— Stmr>> Koe
nlKen Luise, j from New York, . for Nasles and
Genoa, and r croceeded. , , - , • . \u0084
HAVRE;— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Sardinian, for
London and • Montreal. . . - \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0. ,: f •;
GLASGOW' — Arrived 'Aug 10— Stmr "Astoria,
from New York. \u25a0 ',:.\u25a0: \-S'.-_ \u25a0\u25a0.m, ..--• \u0084\u25a0 \u25a0.-::..
, HONGKONG— Arrived • Aug ; 15^8tmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver, via' Yokohama,
Kobe, Nagasaki and Shanghai. 1 .
Movement of Steamers.
Time and Height of Hteh and Low Waters
. at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. PubllFhed by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur, at
the city front <Mlsslon-str*et wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 16.
Sun rises 5:25
Sun sets 7:03
Moon rises 7:55 p. m.
5 JTlinel JTlme' ITlme! |Tlme|
I » j ! Ft. f Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft.
• 'L W| jH W! |L W[ 1H W|
16 I 6:C2,' 0.1 1:10! 4.91 6:14) 2.4] I
IH Wl L. W |H W |L Wl
17 0:22! 5.1 6:33! 0.41 1:40 4.9t 6:58j 2.3
18 1:05 4.7 7:10! 0.9 2:10 4.9 7:43 2.3
19 1:5 C! 4.4 7:46: 1.3 2:39! 4.8 8:35 2.2
20 2:42! 4.0! 8:22| I.S! 3:OS| 4.& 9:20J 2.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Chartß. except when a minus (—)( — )
»l«n precedas the height, and then the number
Kiren is subtracted from the depth* given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
MUSIC FKOM HONOLULU
Bojal Hawaiian Band on
Visit to Mainland Supplies
Melody During the Voyage
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Mon
golia, Captain W. P. s. Porter, which ar
rived late Monday night from the Orient,
passed quarantine early yesterday morn
ing. She will not dock until after the de
parture to-day of the Siberia. Her pas
sengers were taken to the Pacific Mail
•wharf on the tug Arab.
The Mongolia brought 167 cabin passen
gers and seventy in the steerage. Her
cargo of LSI 2 tons included 1735 bales of
raw silk. She brought treasure valued at
SG2O.
The Rnjal Hawaiian Band came up
from Honolulu on the liner, and they
played several times every day for the
entertainment of their fellow passengers.
On Saturday evening the band supplied
the rr.uslc for a dance on the boat deck.
Among the Mongolia's passengers were
the following:
From Hongkong— T. Bottom. L. B&xley, Mrs.
J .E. Carter, Mits It E. Carter, T. E. D<>w.
Mrs. K. F.. Dow. Mrs. E. T. Hull. L. Bow.
Mrs. L. Bow Cheong She*". O. C. Weginan C.
M. Monasmlth. A. McFarren, Mrs. S. Pike,
Woo Kirn Kay. C. \\ . Rosenstock. Miss A. K.
Fiwlnger. J. W. Towne, Mrs. Bessie Vance,
Sirs. C. B. Weltner. Master C. B. Weltner.
Shanghai— Mr*. R. Crane. F. K. Davis. J.
W. Davidson, Wang Ta Hsich, Baron Stael d«
Hoisted, Kuan Ching Hsin, Caj*aln H. K.
Etruve, L. Tuao.
Najnjaki — Captain O. J. Charles. V. S. A.;
liev .c. Le&Kin. Mrs. C. Learaan. Miss M. A
1- • «.iv.£ r:. Miss Lucy A. X^eam&n.
Kobe— F. P. Bonham, George E. Dow, Mrs.
Georz- E. Dow, Miss M. L. Dow. Mrs. C. M.
Hwdfcjren.
Yokohama— Mrs. R. <Je B. Anderson, Mrs. A.
B. Forbes. Mrs. S. C. Hutchin*on. C. Ross.
Miss M. H. Er-rcuie. Miss M. Anderson. Miss
X B. Forbes. Motaro MatPuda, Mrs. M. E.
Sawyer. Poklchl Kanabe, Misa Hlro Sikl. F.
A. Grow. D. MgrU, A. Sproule,. A. C. Vroman,
Wong Kai Kah, Miss V. Brastow. Mrs. B. W.
Holman. A. F. Pcnseel, Mrs. M. E. Sproule,
Geoire Watson. Kun* Ah Pol, Dr. W. C.
Braisted. Miss E. Howard, C. O. Rice. Mls«
K. M. Sproule. Mrs. £. F. Watson. Mrs. I*
L,. ChafTee. F. M. Hutchinson. Mrs. C. G. Rice,
JAitf E. £?. Sproule. C. Wed'kind.
Honolulu— Miss M. G. Allen. A. M. Atkins,
Mr*. Alarial. C. K. Alexander. Mn. C. R.
lir-unson. O. Be-;kly Jr.. A. L. Black. Colonel
J. I. B&ktr, Mrs. Berger. Mr. H. H. Bab
ci.tk, C C Cunha, Mrs. J. J. Connelly. Miss
E. Connelly. Miss S. R. Connelly. Miss M.
O-mpiw-11. Chans Tim. Colonel W. C. Church,
Mrs .Church, G. H. Cbe«p, Mrs. W. C. Col
bum Miss M. E. Colburn. S. T. Deacon. W.
L. Decoio. Mrs. A. A. Dudley. J. M. Dowsett,
Mrs. Dowsett Master Doweeu. Master H.
Dowwtt, Miss E. Dcwsrtt, J. S. Dilltngha.m.
L>r. J. B. de F&ria. Miss W. J. Fox, Mrs. G.
D. Freeth O. F. Gay. O. St. J. Gilbert. J. iS.
Gannon. O. H. Gullrk. Mrs. Gullck, Mrs. C.
Hedemanr.. C. HedciMnn. Miss 1* Hall. Ool
cr.tl a. G. Hawes. W. W, Harris, Mrs. Harris,
A. Homer, F. Joecphson. Mrs. Joseph»on.
11 its Joserhson, 1~. li. Judd. S. Kelunol. E.
Knudses, Liang Ctiia. Miss E. A. Ludwig. H.
Loui*scn. L. Lovegrove. F. D. Mahoae. G. S.
Mackenzie. W. Mackenzie. Mrs. L. M. Murry.
Mrs M A. Minor, G. B. MeClellan, R- G-
Mocre Mrs. F. W. Macfarlane, W. Maclar
lane, Mrs. W. Mtcfarlane. J. P. Maloy, F.
McGraw, V»\ ?. McLean. Mrs. McLean. 4H»s
T. Mutch. L. F. Massa. Mrs. Mas*a, Mrs. J.
Mullen D. Naanao, J. K. Parker. Mrs. M.
Parkbsrst Miss E. Ri"«>. P. L. Riw. Harold
Rice, Miss H. Rou&h. Miss C. L. Roush. Mrs.
H <" Kidgway. T. C. Rid^way. C. dv Rol. J.
Fujrjhachi. E. Suhr. Mr.-. Suhr, Miss N. Sta
rictoa. Mis* H. Thay<r,.Mlss F. Tittle. A. N.
Turner A. Virzavona. Mi«s Venable. J. T.
Warren. G. S. Waterman. Miss L. Wells, w.
Wells.
Big Liners Cargo of 5312
Tons Includes a Valuable
Shipment of Raw Silk
MONGOLIA LANDS
HER PASSENGERS
TKE SAN FRANCISOT CALL, % WEDNESDAY;- AUffUSX 16,1905;
7
: OCEAN TRAVEL.
'yTfT'S'*^ Steamers leave Piers 9 and
ytfviJ^SSwV 11. San Francisco: - . *
&/ ->!5^ For : Ketchikan. Wrangel.
ftiuvStP^tk \*\ Juneau. Treadwell, Haines.
H V^VS> I I Skagway. etc.. Alaska— ll a.
I I XISSSA/ 1 ra - Au «- 3 - 8 - 13 , 1S - 23. 23-
V*V \\ Vff' Sept. 2. Change to this com
\u25a0V>So* ly^V P* n y'« «earners at SeatUe.
\sl*ijrrCßr>' : For \u25a0 Victoria, Vancouver.
NQSII^. Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma " Everett,'' Anacortes. South Belllngham,
Belllnghatn— ll a. .m., Aug. S. 8, 13. 18. 23. 28.
Sept. 2. Chance &t Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P- Ry-: *t Vancouver to C
P. Ry. - \u25a0' \u25a0 •\u25a0 ' ' "\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0
For 3urek* (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1 :30
p. m., Aug. 3, 9, 15. 21, 27, Sept. 2. Corona.
1:80 pj m., Aug. 6. 12, 18 24, 30. Bept. 5.
For Los Angeles (via ?ort Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Aniceles (via j San ' Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
LuU Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Aug. 2. 10, IS. 26. Sept 3.
Bonlta 9 a. m.. Aug. 6, 14. 22. 30, Sept. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia, • Guayma* (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th 01 each
month.
ALASKA . EXCURSIONS. Season 1905— Tht
palatial excursion steamship SPOKANE' will
leave • Tacoma, \u25a0 Seattle and Victoria Jun» 22.
July 6. 20, A-ugust 3. 17.: .
For further Information obtain folder." Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN, General Passenger Agent:
. . \u25a0 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
E. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Aug.lo,ll A.M.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auci-*
land and Sydney/Thursday, Aug. 31, 2 P. M.
8. 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 11, 11 A. M.
J.D.SPEECKELS 4 BROS; CO.;Azts.,Tic![et 01C8543 M-
toL 1 :- \u25a0•might Office 327, Market St. Pier 7, Pacific st
KiosyyvcDs line
Pansrnsrer - Service.
S. S. "Ammon," -' t>ooo tons, Captain Jurgen-
sen sailing from San Francisco. ' August ' 28,
for' Europe, via ports on *West Coast of, Mex-
ico ' ; Central .-: and - South : America.' -'\u25a0\u25a0 For \u25a0 rates
and '•\u25a0' accommodations , apply to LENDAL M.
GRAY, Manager; 329 Market st.
Compajtnle ; Generale Trnnsatlantlque.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Parts. '^^s*ta
Sailing every Thursday instead of
; Saturday/ 10 a.T m.; trom Pier 42. "^
North River. -foot of Morton st. \u25a0_
First class to Havre, . s7o and upward. .Sec-
ond class to Havre.' $43 »nd upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA.' 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Yorkl J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa.t
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisca
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
A BAY, AND INTERURBAN ROUTES, v
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE
MONTICELLO : STEAMSHIP COMPANY—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY, INTER-
tirBAN ELECTRIC R. \u25a0 R-: CO. - Close connec-
tions at Vallejo with 6 round trips daily - for
valieio Mare Island Navy, Yard. NAPA, Napa
\u25a0Asylum and" all way points. - Boats leave San
Francisco ,7:00 a.;m.l «9:45 a. m., 12:30 noon.
i7 15 D-m..'6:00 p. m.;? 8:30 p.>m.
San i Francisco • landing , and office. , PJer - 2, !
foot of Mission • st. v Meals a la carte. Phone
: Main 1508.' 7 HATCH BROS., General Agent*.
I -liands Navy Yard direct. :\u25a0-.-\u25a0;>\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .-:\u25a0- -\u25a0-\u25a0;..,
For Vallejo and Mare Inland Navy Yard.
: Steamer ; H. . J. r CORCORAN ;. leaves . ; wharf
north end of Ferry Building,; week days (except
; Saturday). 11 • \u25a0•" m: ", 8 :15 p. m. •- Saturdays,^ 11
\u25a0a\u25a0 m. Sundays,,9:3o a.' m.. 8:15 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo. week days (except Saturdays). 7:45 a. *
m.;> 5:30 p. '- tn. \u25a0. Saturdays. 7 :30 a. m.,; 6 ; p.' m,*
Sundays, 1 - 6 :30 \u25a0 p.", m.* Meals ala carte. Phone '
641. BARNESON-HIBBERD CO.. v manasers.
456 , str—t.;^BiSgßßfeß»jj^^jg^gl
ADVERTISEMEyTS.
- "1 tried all kinds of blood remedies which failed
to io me any good but I have found the right thing
at last. My face was full of pimple* acd black-
heads. After taking; Casearets they all lefS. I am
continuing the -use of them and recommending
them to my friends. I feet fine when I rise n tha
moraine. Hope to have a chance to recommend
aSC * lre "i t red C. Witten, 78 Elm St.. Newark. N. J.
CANDY CATHARTIC _*^^
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent, Taste Good. Do Good.
Hever Slcicnn, Weaken or Grip«. 10c. Isc, «6c. sever
sold In bulk. Ths gennlns tablet stamped CCC.
Guaxantaetl to care or your money back.
" ' Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 505
AHNUAt SALE, TEH MILLION BOXES
FREE MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
M£§igffibk MeTed io Larger Quarters at
1023 MARKET ST.
Pay MusTum Doctors
i^ra • only if Cured,
Hear Free Museum Lectures to Men
in Central Hall Museum Building, 810
Kearny street* nightly. See new elec-
tric museum, anatomy of man and wo-
man. Learn secrets of life, mystery of
death. Know who should marry, who
not, why. Museum, educational, free
entertainments nightly. • Teach why
thousands cannot get cured of Varico-
cele. Stricture, Loss of Vigor and Con-
tracted Contagious Disorders of Men.
Varicocele and Strictures cured without
painful, dangerous surgery. Xo ancient
methods, no dilating,, irrigating or
knife. To prove merits of new method,
two weeks' treatment given, or mailed
free. Call or address HATTED 2TU-
SEUM SPECIALISTS FOR MES.
The Dr. Liebig Staff
1023 Market St.. near 6th. San Franclaco.
CALIFORNIA TONIC
Is the best drink for your
health. Ask for it at j
saloons, drug stores and
groceries.
L.AIAILLARD,
643 Merchant Street
Avasrr DR. JORDAN'S great d
iHUSEUB OF ftHfITOHY?
\ Q\ mi HIEXET ST. bet «tk *7ib,S.y.CaL i
T ti' Th « Urfit 4n»iotolcal MoMom la tbs T
A . '. *-:» WorM. w»»*B«»»»» «r *«.T eeatnierxt JL
? &W*\ 0R > JORDAN-DISEASES QF KEN J
\ Bfft^Jy. Cosnaltatlsa fr«t and strictlr pH»»i» \
B \ i%^ l\ Tr ? « In - n t p*Tnn»tly or br l«t«r. A A
flßif \\W Writ* Ibr Book, rniX.O«v«»»a»«i? i
T^ 1 il WAHBIAtr., r i.ULiiO iSUiu. «A V
A *5 11' T »!«» w « bookfcrteea.) >
7 DR.2OBDAX ACO..IO6tM«rkftSt..S.F. V
jrJ*&g^&*A MEHAHDWOMEFI.
<fiiS S '^UBTIES^*f C§« B!$ O for nnnatoral
jP-i/t, \t»» dayVM dUcbargei.lnflaoimatlo&a,
f^Sif Oswuteel lrtit«tlQ3£ or nlceratioßl
BtijtT not u> •irlstart. . of masoas membran**.
IP— 'C rnnmU CuMh. Pmla>fS, and not &J»i»
Jj?o»rrfEETMSCHEMIWLCO. ?»nt or »oiionon». '
'feiVa. KHCI!UUTI,O.tTr3H Scld by Drotfttti
11.0.4. « r sfat '^P'*^ "t»PVJ».
t>T »xpr*ar prepaid, it*
«1.00. r. 1 tmttlM tt.7k
\u25a0» ctnoi»f f ict oa iHiwi
(1 JPATENTSf ;)
MARKET ST. SL^bO^
. IIAIIiWAT TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NOfiTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
Tiburon Kerry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7 :SO, 8:00, 9:00, 12:33, 2:30,
5:10. 5:50. , .
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00, 9:30 a. tn., 12:35. 2:50,
5:10 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <J:OS, 7:35, 7:50, .9:20 a. m.,
i 12:50. 2:40. 5:00. 5:20, 8:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:05. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20 a. m., 2:40,
4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:20. 7:50. 7:53 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
: San Fran. [ August 7. 1905. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- | Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Day 3. I daya. | ' tlon. | days. | Daya.
7:30 a.- ~ I j ~
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a; 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Icnacta. 10:20 a] 10:20 a
2:80 p 2:30 p 6:Wp 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:20 p
7:20 v
. - - \u25a0 8:50 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Napa. |d:4Oa|B:4Oa
5:10 p» 5:10 p| | B:2vp| 6:20 p
7:30 a 7:30 a \u25a0 \u25a0 ' ' *\ 8:40 a| 8:40 a
8:0Oa 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:30 a
2:80 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p «:2Op
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. S:sop
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:C0a
S:0»a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:»p «:3Op
; 2:30 p 2:30 p. 8:50 p 7:20 p
. . • Windsor, • I
1 7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. [10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville, L7:2Op 7:20 p
Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland (10:20 al 10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:20 pj 7:20 p
" T^ [ I , WHllta. j "j
7-30 a| 7:30 al gherwood. | 7:20 p[ 7:20p
1 8-00 al 8:00 at Guenievllle and [10:2i> a'10:?0 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pf Camp VacaUon. | 8:50 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
5-10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. , 6:0 Op 6:20 p
5:10p Glen- Ellen. 8:50p
7-30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a|10:2Oi»
2:30 p 2:30 p Sebastopol. 7:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p - \
STAGES connect at Santa Ro»a for White
Sulphus Springs and . Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burkes Sanitarium: at Lyttnnlor
Lytton Springs: •at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdare for the Geysers. Boon«-
\u25bcHle-and Green-wood; «t Hoplaud for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, KeleeyvUle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah. for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. : Upper Lake. - Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Herley a, HullvUle. Orr's Uat
Springs, Halfway House. Coroptche. Hopkins,
Mendocino City. Fort -Bragg, Westport. Usal-
at.Wllllts for. Hearst and Sawyer: at Shemroud
for Weetport/Cahto, Covelo. LaytonvUie, Cum-
mins.. Bell'» Springs, Harris. Olsens. Dyer
Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Camp's. Scotia and
Eureka.. ; ' "
• Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •\u25a0
On Sundays— Round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. >
Ticket office. ; 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildlns. -MIIiMMHUMM|MMW|Mi
JAS. AGLER, R.X. RTAN.
: Gen. ; Manager. . Gen. Pass Axt. 1
IVlt^Taivialpais Railway
Lt. ton friacisco * r - ** a 'raacMo
Vk.Btji SaaiUyi _JßSjE^^ Saadijs Wk. D*j»
— ....:. 7:45 a Wa^^S^aTTU^ TbTiTir
9:50 a 8:45 a ISSS^S^ l:O2p X:55?
1:45p 10:15 a 2:3 # 4p 6:'J2p
B»tard»7 12:45p , - s:bsp "totodiT"
Only -.» ; 2:lBp l»jal "HafiJiW 6:32p Only
4:35p 3;45p| Ut tosii; Tin 8:32p 11:33p
«ncnr } 630 Market ST.;(Xorth Shore Railroad),
°'TICI3 I and Sausauto Fekxy. Foot Market Sfc
RATLWAT^TRATTST*.
• >«Qv v Train* lmve and »r« dn«
ygj*£*<^ to arrive at .
/«J/^^V» SAN FRANCISCO.
M-iJ^J J Fsom Jcxb U3. I^os.
f«rrt d«?ot
(Foot of Market Street)
_i.«ATg- MAIN L»N£. -i«'M
7.00 a Elmlra. VacaTille. Winters. Kunwey 7-48?
7.00 a Ulcbinond. Benlcla, Sacramento.
- Suixua and War Sut!ons ».. 7-28»
7-40A Yatlejo, Xspa. CalUtoga, Santa
Rosa, Martinez. San Rttmon 6.08p
7.4oAXl!ej, Pieastntua. Llvcrinor*,,
Tracy, Lathrup, Stockton 7.23P
B.ooa Shasta Express— (Via Daris).
Williams, TVUlowi, tFruto. Red
Blu3. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. 7-43?
B.GOaDavU, Woodland. Knljhu Landtag.
Mary»»ll!e. OroTllle 7-48*
8.20 a Martinez. .Antioch. Bjron, Tracy,
Stockton, Newman, Los Banes,
. Mendota. Armona, Uaaford, 1 • „,.
VUalla, Portervllle 1 1"2«S
8-20APort Cotta. Lat&rop. Merced. Mo- • *-* otl
desto, Raymond. Fresno. Han-
ford. VtialSa. BnkersUeld 4.43*
8 40a Ntles. San Jose. Llrermore. Stock- •
toa (tMllton). Valley Sprtnir. ..
lone, Sacramento, PlsrerTtlle,
Colfax. MarjsTlUe. Red 81uff.... 4.03f>
8-40AOikd»:e, Cl>lnes«. Jamestown.
Sonora, Tuolumne and Ansrels... 4-08P
9-COa Atlantic Express— Ojcden and East. 4-28p
9.40 a Richmond. Port Co it*. Martinez
tnd Way Stations (tConcord) .... 8.48P
1020 a Vallejo. Dally. Xajra, Sunday only 7.48^
10.20aLos Angeles Passenuer— Port
Costa. Martinez. Dyron. Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Raymond, Fresno, Goxhen Junc-
tion. Haaford. Lemoore. VUalla,
Bakersfleld, Los Anjjeles 703?
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago 7.08(»
lI.OOAThe Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City... 5.43f»
11.40AXiles. San Jo»e aad Way Station*. 2-43f»
ti.OOpSacrataento River Steamers til-OOP
3.4QPBentcl*. Winters. Sacramento.
' Woodlaad. Knfghts Laad'.ng,
, • Miry*Tllle and Orovtlle 10.43 a
3.40 p Ilay ward, N'Tes. aad Way Stations 7.4 3 P
4.ooP Vallejo, Martinez, San Ramon,
'-\u25a0 Napa. Callstoga, Santa R05a..... 9.28 a
4.oopNlles. Tracy. Stockton. LodL 1028 a
4.4oPlLvrward, Nile*. Irvlngton, Saa) tS.4BA
1 - Joxe. LlTeraore .....) 211.43 a
6. 00p The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos, Mendota, Fresno. Tulara,
\ BakersSeld. Los Angeles 8.43 a
B.OOp Chicago and St. Louis Special— El
Paso. Kansas City, St. Louts and
Calcajco 8. 43 a
t5-20pHarward, Xllesand San Jose 7.03 a
8.20p Vallejo. Port Costa. Benlcla, Sul-
- V sun, Sacramento 11.23 a
i.OQp Eas wrn Express — Omaha. Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Reno. Sparks. Montello, Ogden .. 1 2.43»
B.2oPllayward, KUes and Saa Jose 8.43 a
/.OOpßeso Pasienger— Port Costs, Be-
« nlcla, Sulsun. Elm Irs, Dtxon,
DaTts.Sacramento, Sparks, Tone
, palf, Goldfleld and Keeler 7.08 a
7.4QpPort Costa. Martinez. By ron.Tracy,
I Modesto. Merced, Fresno 1208p
,7.4CPTo»emlt« and Marlposa Big Trres
, (via Raymond- Wawona Route).. 8.48 a
7.4o p Vallejo, Sunday only 11.28 a
,B.2QpOregon & California Express — Sac-
* ramento, Marysville. Redding.
, Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.43 a
' 8-OOp Hayward. Nile* and Saa Jose (Saa-
l day only) _ tH-43A
COAST LINE Harrow «aag«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
\ 7.4sa Santa Cnu Excursion (Sunday
» only) »-18*
B.lsANewark, Centervllle. San Joie,
Felton. Bou'der Creek, Santa
Cruz end Way Stations S.&oP
t9.1 5a Newark, San Jose. Felton. Boulder
I Creek, Santa Cruz... t7-59P
t2.lspNewark. Centervllle, San Jos«.
New Almaden. Los G atos, Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Station* 1053 a
4.1 5 p Newark. San Jose, Loa Gatos,
Wrijrht S TB-65A
4.l6pSaturday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz 08-Boa
COAST LINE <Bro».J «aog«j.
t2r*(Thlrd and Townsend Strseta.)
B.loa Son Jose and V.'»y Stations 8-30P
t74)oAßan Jose and Way Stations.... 6-40P
7.1 5a Monterey. SanU Cruz Excursion
(Sunday only) 10.10P
800 a New Almaden (Tue*.. Frf.. only).. 4.10P
B.ooa The Coaster— Sun Jose, Salinas.
... Saa Ardo, Paso Eobles, SanU
Margarita. San JLuN Oblspo.
Gnadalupe. Gavlota. SanU Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10-3QP
B. COa Gllroy. UoUtster. Castrovlile. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove. Surf.
Lompoc. 10-30P
9. COA San Jose, Tres Ptnos, "Wauonvllle,
Capitols. Bant* Cruz. Pacific
Grove. Salina*. San Lots Obispo
and Principal Way Stations 4.1 OP
t9. ooa Los GaVs. Wrl?ht. Boulder Creek.
vU Santa Clar* and Narrow
Gauge T7.40P
10-30ASan Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
II .30a San Jose and Way Stations 7.40P
2.lspSan Jose and Way SUUons. 8-35 a
t3.OOPDeI Monta Express— SanU Clara,
San Jose, W.itioaTlUe, SanU
Cruz.. Del Monte. Monterey
Paelttc Grove t12.15p
t3-00P Los Gatos. Wrlcht, Boulder Creek,
SanU Cruz, .via SanU Clara and
Narrow Gaage 1045 a
3-30p South San Francisco. San Jose,
Gllroy. Hollister. Tres Plnos
/Watsonvllle. Cap!tola,SanU Craz,
- Salinas, Monterey. Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4.3opSan Jose and Way Buttons... t7.55A
tS-00PSanu Clara, Saa Jose. Los Gatos,
Wright 19.00*
{5.30 P San Jose and Principal Way Stations ,940 a
s.4sp sunset Express— Redwood, San
Jose. Gllroy. Salinas. Paso
> Robles, San Luis Obispo, SanU ,
> Barbara, Los Angeles, Dealing,
El Paso, New Orlrans 9-10 a
5.45pE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Louia,
Colcago 10.30P
B.4SPPajaro, Watsonvllle, Capitola,
Santa Cruz. Castrovllle. Del ( ilo.lop
Monte. Pacific Grove ( tlo.3flp
tS.lspSaa Mateo. Beresford, Belnaont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS.4SA
8-30pSan Jose and Way 5ut10n5. ....... 8.38 a
B.oQpPalo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
11.30PSouth San Francisco, Mlllbrae.Bur-
ltngame, Saa Mateo. Brimons.
Saa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto &48>
11.30P Saturdays only for Mayfleld, Moua-
* - tain View, Sunnyvale, Lawrence,
* Santa Clara and San Jose t9-4SP
OAKLAND HARBOR (ERRY
(Footof MarSetSt)
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
- 1.00 p.m. 3.00 P.m. 8.18 W.M,
, A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~*
tSanday excepted. JSunday only.
(Monday only.
tDally. and stops at an stations on Sunday.
—^^^ \
I CALIFORNIA UMITEDJ
|CHICAGO T in 3 DAYS!
pa Leaves Mondays and Thursday* at 9
n'% O:JW a. tn. with Diners and 31eepers.__ffl
Other Santa Fe Trains.
«-mrt'm"> F"or Stockton. Fresna Bakenfleld.
9 : 3oalm"J Merced. Haaford and Viaalla.
4:00 o. m* For Stockton.
7 :3*> a. m. J Direct connection for Tosamlta
9:30 a. m. I Valley and the Big Trees.
9 :30 a. m. j For Kansas City. Gramf Canyon
8:00 p. m. 1 and Chicago.
9:30 a. m. V For Oakdale and points on Sierra
I Railway.
Ticket Office — €33 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San FraacUco: alao 1112 Broadway. Oak-
' land. Cal. ; also 27 South First. San Jose.
\u25a0 To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY/
MTTI VAT IFV
'\u2666•i l -? !di»;» r*A7ATYt«l?ft Vt*
W^l S L®J ?3 v.Az.AUIIJ\U> EtC
s^»s^^^-^%^- VJa I * au '» alito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days at 7:CO. 7:45. e:2S. 9:10.
»:30, 11:00 a. m.; 12:20, 1:45, 3:13, 4:33. 3:13.
5:50 8:S0. 7:15. 9:00. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
Depart Sundays and holidays at 7:15, 7:45.
8:15. 5:45, 0:15, 9:15. 10:15. 10:45. 11:15. 11:43
Im.; 12:15. 12:45. 1:15. 1:45. 3:13. 2:45. 3:15.
3:45, 4:15. 4:45. 5:15. 5:45. 6:15. 8:45, 7:15.
(7:45. S:l5 tor Sausallto only). 9:00. .10:15.
11:35 p. " ni.'4SyWWP'V''BIP <l fTSifi3ia«j> l^W<
For Fairfax, week day»— 7:4s a. m.. 3:13
p m. 5:45 P- m- Sundays and holidays —
7:43. 8:45. 8:15. 10:15, 11:45 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN 3.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
ft: 15 a. m. Sundays and holidays — Point
Reyeti. etc. ~
3:15 p. va. daily (except Sunday)— For Caza-
dero. etc- • 1_ „
5:15 p. m. daily (except Sunday)— For Point
Reyes, etc.
- 3:15 p. tn. Sundays and holidays for Caza-
dero,' etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
al)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEABST ST. Established
In l<*3 t for the treatment of Prtvats
Di.<M>s4«s. f.iwt Manhood. Debillty-or
diHoas" weariu ar i >n body and mini! anil
Skin Dismies. The Doctor cure»when
others fait. Try him. . J'harjes low.
»nr*";«.if»ntf»il. Callorwct.av
Dr. J. r. tiI UBO.H, San Franclaco. CaLHERE'S THE PRIZE SNAKE YARN.
MISS MARIE . CZERNEY, daughter
of a prominent resident of Bon
Homme County ," had a thrllllngr
adventure with a monster snake, as the
result of which she narrowly escaped
death by blood poison, by stepping on; a
rusty nail while striving to escape from
the snakes says the Sioux Falls cor
respondent of the St. Paul Dispatch.
The young woman, with a pail In her
hand,' went -^to ' her favorite Jersey \u25a0 for
the purpose of doing her evening milk
ing. During the: day the animal had
been picketed in a tame grass plat and
at the time ' of milking still bore the
picket line. \u25a0* The Jersey appeared to be
greatly annoyed by files and mosquitoes
and changed Its position a number of
times.' . ;• ' "
As the cow changed . position Miss
Czerney would follow It up' and during
this operation her ankle became en
tangled as she supposed in . the picket
rope. The cow .seemed to grow quiet
er and after milking steadily for sev
eral minutes Miss Czerney became con
cerned at the small amount of milk In
the pail. '
Fearing that the pall had sprung a
'SAN JUAN QUESTION-M. W. 8.,
City. ;In negotiating the treaty of 1846, by
which the forty-ninth parallel, from ; the
Rocky. Mountains to the sea, .was made
the boundary between the American and
British possessions, a . controversy arose
concerning the course of the line through
the channel ' which divides Vancouver
Island - from the mainland. This became
known ' as the : San Juan question. The
Americans contended for , the Canal de
Haro and the English for - the Sosarlo
Straits. To . avoid \ conflict rt was decided
that both nations • occupy ' the Island Vof
San Juan at opposite ends. In 1872, Em
peror William of Germany, acting as ar
bltrator,#decided for, America and ' tho
boundary^ras thus at last and completely
defined. ~
LAMONT- WlLLlAMS— Subscriber, aty.
The dead body of one- of the two girls,
Blanche Lamont and Minnie Williams,
murdered in a church in the Mission dis
trict, was discovered on the Saturday be
fore Easter, • 1896. Durrant, who was ac
cused of murder in connection with these
cases, was found guilty and hanged Jan
uary 7, IS9B.
jMoKINLEY— A" Constant Reader, City.
In "order "to decide a wager as to how
much the late President William Margin
ley was worth In - real estate and per
sonal property, at the time of his death"
you - will have to write '- to the clerk of
the court In which his estate .was . pro
bated. . :''.-: '\u25a0\u25a0'-'\u25a0
REGISTERING— J. : 8. 8., City. If you
will. explain what you mean by register
ing a- name, whether for corporation pur
poses or for trade mark purposes, this
department .will furnish the answer.
-FERRY CLOCK— A. M. B, City. The
length of the minute hand on the clock of
tho ferry building. San Francisco, is
twelve feet; that of the hour hand is nine
feet. - : v,j^:\
JEWISH .POPULATION— A., S., City.
There are no figures giving,; the Jewish
population of San Francisco. at this time.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
old summer rain broke loose In our
shady little "dell!
"And I ain't afraid of any. old thunder
and lightning— and she ain't, either,
when I'm .';\u25a0 along.; ; The , only ; kind .; of
lightning" that's : struck us '. ls'the vgood
kind^wlth the kind of.arrows mit you
see fon valentines. \u25a0 Maybe * you think
I'm not good, t me and the umbrella; and
the rainy summer!'.'
FRESH FROM THE FACTORY WHERE THE SUMMER JOKES ARE CREATED
made a mistake \u25a0in permitting you to
put our ' wedding day . so . far t ahead."—
Cleveland Plain . Dealer. :
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main IMS. •
Townsend's California Glaoe Fruits, la
artistic fire-etched boxes. New store no*i
open, 767 Market street. •
A Cundy Hit.
Old-fashioned Chocolate Creams—*
morsels of cream enclosed In rich choc
olate—are a decided success. Only at
Haas* Candy Stores. Phelan boudlnC
and James Flood building. •
He had come to /break oft the. en
gagement. His mother didn't approve
of his choice. { Besides, he felt that \u25a0he
was too '.timid; to assume the-respon
sibilities of married life.
'It wasn'ta pleasant task.
,"I: have' come,', he said,, "to : cay
that— isn't there some one stirring at
the side door?"
"It is nothing," . she hastily answered.
S "You were \ about '\u25a0 to cay.' r that . ;
"You were about— l mean I was about
to say that I think that' we have— l
mean - 1 have, made . a mistake in— l'm
sure I ' hear somebody snuffling , at ' the
keyhole!" . ' ' '\u25a0•\u25a0''\u25a0 '' ' '; " '
Shelaughed In an unmirthful way.
"Yes," she said, •\u25a0"my \u25a0football brother
with ; his brindle bulldog are out there
"waiting." . -- -. . : \u25a0. : . * ;\u25a0\u25a0
: He didn't ask what they were wait
ing for. ."•• „ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0..>
: ,I*l , have 'come to say, . dearest, he
briskly remarked, "that I think I have
"It is. . But I haven't heard from th«
physician; 'nor the police magistrate,
nor the repair shop." — Waaldajrtoa
Star.
"Did your automobile oost yog
much?"
"Can't say yet."
"I thought it was bought and paid
for."
RETURNS NOT IN.
READY FOR H 1
A' man . named . Summers had a \u25a0 fight
with another named Winters down In
Ozark County recently. ;. Summers made
a spring and gained a fall. That ended
the fight— Platte City .'(Mo.) Landmark.
Savannah is the r home -of a lawyer
with the appropriate \u25a0». name of Fee.— .
Rockport (Mo.) Mail.
Living near each other in Bates
County are' two '/ men named Blackman
and White. Blackman is a .white man
and White is a negro.— Kansas City
Times/ -
J. A. Hightower attempted to commit
suicide at Parsons, Kane., the other
night, by. taking, . chloroform. He
adopted the wrong method. He should
have leaped from the top of .'his own
name. — Topeka (Kans.) Journal.
\u25a0A. Worm is a citizen of St. Paul and
at a recent lodge entertainment he was
called upon . to do a turn.- — Kansas City
Journal. . - . . . . .
Rioh Anwell of Henry \ County is a
lucky man if he Is. always as his name
Indicates he Is:— Kansas City Star.
NEWS ODDITIES.
The wedding of 1 Miss Annis McCload
and James J. Rudden was a very pretty
though quiet affair, which took plac*
yesterday afternoon at St. Mary's Cathe
dral. The bride, who is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander McCloud. waa
daintily gowned in white, with a large
picture hat. and was attended by her sis
ter, Miss Margaret McCloud. Georye
William Hammersly served the groom.
Rev. Father Hannlgan reading the cere
mony.. Mr. and Mrs. Rndden will sail to
day for the Orient.
Mrs. Lester Herrlck is contemplating &
European trip, though her plans are still
indefinite.
Miss Gussie Foute Is leaving this week
for San Jose, where she will make a
short visit.
Mrs. Chandler Howard, with her daugh
ter,. Miss. Gladys Howard, sails to^Lay
for her" home in Yokohama. With her
two daughters, Mrs. Howard has Just
returned from the East, and Miss Sibyl
is to be left In school at Beaulieu, Berke
ley. .-:.:. :-
Mr. and Mrs. J; K. Wilson with their
daughters. Miss Graco and M 133 Marie,
are going this week on a fishing trip,
which they are looking forward to with
much pleasure. Dr. Stoney. the fiance of
Miss Marie, will accompany them.
_ _
Mrs. Alice Hegan Rice." author of "Mrs.
Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch." arrived
yesterday oa the Mongolia from Japan.
Mr. and Mrs. Rice have been in that
country for four months and will remain
In San Francisco for a limited stay.
Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowles and Miss
Amy Bowles have been guest 9 at a house
party given by Mrs. George McNear Sr.
at Port Costa, where she is spending tha
summer.
Miss Anna Miller Wood will be at home
to-day from 3 to 5 o'clock at Cloyne court.
Berkeley.
No day has been set for th« car«
mony, but signs are pointing to a brUX
engagement.
The Garber home, situated at th« ex
treme north end of Claremont avsaus,
Is among the oldest homes or Alamada
County and very beautiful.
This announcement Is not on* which
surprises, for Mr. Stringham has lon«
been a devotee in the train of Miss Oar*
ber.
As with so many similar announce
ments. It has not be«n allowed to await
formalities, but the knowledge loses
none of its Interesting tone for all that.
Miss Garber Is the, daughter of Judys
and Mrs. John Garber, a well known
member of society, both In this city and
in Oakland. Sha has recently returned
from abroad and has bean rf«n B»r
eral entertainments of welcome sine*
her arrival.
Miss Juliet Garter of Oakland and
Frank D. Stringham. the attorney of
this city, are no . longer withholding
from the public the news of their en
gagement.
A ver» smart contingent will attend
the concert to be given Friday after
noon at the Tivoll and all thosa who
were ineligible for the Jinks at the Bo
hemian Grovo will have the privilege
of hearing the fine programme in town.
The incidental music to the Hamadry
ads is particularly suited to the vera*.
and will be a very attdactiv* f«atur«.
• • •
The building is very nearly complet
ed, and the furniture ready to put in
place. And for comfort, utility and ar
tistry, is nothing like it here
abouts — thanks to the patient archi
tect, William Knowles. and the tireless
club president, Mrs. Aylett R. Cotton,
abetted by an intelligent and not too
voluble building committee.
The ladies haven't set the night for
their reception, but it will probably b«
somewhere in the middle of September
— the painters' and plumbers* unions
being willing.
Yes, the men will be asked, and they
will behold what a bunch of women
can do, when they really get busy.
By the way, Gordon Ross is design
ing a stunning window for the new
home.
The California Club is planning a
brilliant reception, to properly cele
brate the opening of its new club
house on Clay street, near Van Ness
avenue. HHfli
SALLY SHARP
THE SMART/SET
A YOUNG PHII^ANTHROPIST.
Lovelorn— What do you
< imagine 717 1 want i knee - pads . for,
\ Bertie ? . \SW&s3&£lE&%£&Bs
'\u25a0•':Bertie'—; I :\u25a0'{ heard _ ''. sis tell
,nammav you'd .becnr •on your,
.\u25a0knees to'her for'the last month.
A_ COMFORTIXG THOUGHT.
He— -My 'brain is on fife. ;
- She-— There's no danger of a
conflagration; so don't worry.
SERIOUS UNDERTAKING. .
"There are' a go~od ; many
thankless' jobs. 1 ; : i
"Such - ; as?' trying^ to, ; make
vegetarians of the cannibals."
joax— lsn't' success; largely a
matter> y of ; dough "ln ; .both 'in
stances?!' T." ; -' \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'-\u25a0'\u25a0 :: ""\u25a0' \u25a0
: ; Hoax— l ; can't : see; any simi
larlty,betweenbecoming a Con
gressman.. \u25a0 and ' : baking ; fi»°o d
bread:"'"" J; -'- / "'. J •":'\u25a0' '\u25a0•^\u25a0-•-\u25a0' - "'\u25a0'>-''•
OFjfcOURSE.
THE REASON.
.Clarence *— "Henpeck thinks v
the: world Viand" all of that
youngsterjof^his. ' . '[,
'\u25a0;£ Clara-^-Yes,'i the : boy ' actually,
talks ' back* to ~ his ' mother;
If, as Tolstoy avers, the hope of the world lies in Russia and its
anarchists, things are worse than they seem. — Chicago Chronicle.
Mississippi people are in aya v good deal more danger •of being scared
*© death than of succumbing to yellow fever. — Chicaco News.
As soon "as they can find time for a pause in the mosquito killing the
men'in Panama may begin to dig a little on the canal.— Baltimore Sun.
The great novelist says that you can travel over all Russia and
question -the peasants and find that the same complaint is every
where. Their condition is so hard becaust they lack bread, and
the reason they lack bread is because there is no land. That is the
thing for which they unceasingly hope and of which they unceas
ingly think. He likens this method of land holding which he de
plores.to a people driving a herd of. cows, on the milk products of
which they must subsist, into a small inclosure," where they soon eat
and tramp up all the limited pasture and grow so thin they chew
each others' tails. Outside the inclosure there is abundance' of land
that would plentifully supply the cattle, but it is; us,ed for other
than food purposes — plants for making dyes, tobacco plantations,
race courses, lawn tennis grounds, parks and flowers! Then the
people who depend on the milk of these cows begin to try experi
ments to make them give more without furnishing them the natural
means, namely, more pasture. They build sheds over them, gild
their horns, comb them with wet brushes, invent improved methods
of milking and of taking care of old and invalid cows. '
Tolstoi holds that the non-admission to the land of those who
are in need of it is a sin, and he desires to make that a truth recog
nized by all men. One fault he finds in the difficulties put. in the
way of the peasants getting land to till is that because of this lack
of land they are forced to go to work at other tilings and men
profit by this enforced labor which is compelled -by the deprivation
of what he considers the peasants' legitimate right to the land. If
he advocated such a position here, it would be considered being a
disciple of Henry George. No doubt the condition of the Russian
peasant is so severely different from that of the- agricultural worker
here that we cannot judge the urgency of (his demand by our stand
ards. Free land to the Russian ruralist may mean the only way to
avoid being tialf fed all the year,. and the greed ; of the autocrats*
may rob them of all the profits of their toil beyond a bare sub
sistence. .
r "p»OLSTOI writes a long letter to the London Times in which
j he pictures the hardships of the Russian peasantry as so severe
\u25a0*\u25a0 the whole civilized world should pity them. He says the great
question for them is not how to improve their position, but how
not to die of hunger. He blames their hungry condition upon the
Government and thinks the system of land tenure is what prevents
the people from having abundance of food. He plainly calls this
land system a great iniquity and thinks that the ruling class should
be as much ashamed of it as they gradually grew to be of holding
serfs before the time of liberation came.
RUSSIAN* POVERTY.
. "It fits. you," argued -the modiste, but
the summer. ( person/ shrugged her shoul
der* archly... " ' \u25a0" '."... .
\u25a0 "It fits : me," she ' said, dryly, "but It
doesn't fit the exigencies. : I am thirty
years old. My time . is short My bath
ing.] suit should correspond. * Do' you
.understand?" :.. .i"!
The modiste bowed, and went for her
shears.— Puck. .V^v'
"You might not think, it to look at
me," said the elderly gentleman, "but
I, too, have ha 4 my castle in Spain." .;
\u0084 "What became of it V ; inquired one
of ; his youthful auditors. : .
' "Itremalned there and unfortunately
I never have been able to pay for trans
portation or to secure a pass to yisit.it."
I cannot sing, the old ! songs now
That oft of yore I'd. chant; ,
And all who ever heard me sing
Thank heaven that I can't
FIRST attorney and councelor at law
— How's that Grubber estate case
of- ybursTgetting along? "
Second attorney and councelor at law
—The court decided it against me the
other day.: \u25a0
•V'What!" -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0 •'
, "That's what it did." ,• -. ;
"But it had not been on 'trial much
more than nine years, had- It?"
«No — that Is. barely ten; years."
... "What caused It to terminate so sud
denly?" \u25a0.\u25a0"'; \u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0; \u25a0\u25a0" ;\u25a0-"'";'• '\u25a0\u25a0!_ '.:\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.. .\u25a0 ;
• "I discovered that, through an unfor
tunate oversight in the law, I "had abso
lutely reached the end of all delay pro
ceedings." ;
"Well, I'll be — what are*y<m going to
dOabOUt it?" ; .' - V-;
"I can do nothing. The cow is
milked, but, of course, I shall see that
a bill is introduced in the next Legis
lature to remedy the statutory defect"
« "Of course!"
AN UNUSUAL. CASE.
LOVE TRIUMPHANT.
HE loved his charming, little wife;
He loved her more and more;
So when -some dumplings she had
made / .
He swallowed three or four.
O love,' triumphant! Wondrous love!
, And love* ln spasms, too —
Said weeping friends about his bed;
\u25a0 "Thank heaven, he'll pull 'through!"
.-"You understand, dear boy, that I
would not say. a word against her repu
tation."
' "Of course you would not."
"No, .indeed; but then, It Is— well— er—
of course— that is — -"
"I understand; It Is a good deal such
a reputation as the Taggart divorce case
left ' to Mrs. Taggart?"
"S-s-sh!" ,
You may not believe it, but the man
who boasted that he dropped a nickel In
the slot and got eight cigars was the
same , fellow who never mentioned the
fact when he dropped $1 45 In the slot and
got nothing except an aching void in
his pocketbook.
THE FINAL STRAW.
A HENCHMAN of Ruef was exceed-
X- ing annoyed,
And he said: "It is bitter, you
know, sir,".
With medicine only to fill up the void
Where : pap from the fountain should
flow, sir; < .
And they call me hard names— they cer
tainly do— '
As they dose me with drugs and with
gruel, i
But when they remark I'm a Rueflan, too,
Great Schmitz! It is cruel, it's cruel!"
As the Other Bachelor Girl recognized
the pathos of the situation, they wept to
gether. "•
"Alas! I never can attain my, ideal. Do
what 111 1 may. one thing still must be lack
ing.'":
"What is still : lacking?"
"To be sure I have much^to be grate
ful for," said * the Bachelor ;\u25a0 Girl reflec
tively; "nobody/ever*would suspect i that
thisden lsjnot a man's; I wear a collar
and a vest like : those of a man; I have
cultivated a delightfully ] masculine swag
ger ; I wear my skirts as scant and - brief
as I' dare; I am a jolly good fellow, with
the other: jolly,; good fellows, yet— alas!
My; ideal for; myself meets with one in
superable '. obstacle."*
VWhat ft it?! 1 :\u25a0!•;
"Do whatever I may— woe is me!— l
cannot conceal the fact that I am only a
girl!"
A GIRL who was a Bachelor. Girl sat
in : her real masaullne den and
Bighed bitterly.
"Why do you sigh?" the Other Bachelor
Girl: asked. ' ' . .- \'~
. "Alas! 1 ; she moaned, and the burden of
a great woe was -In the : moan. ;
.': "What Is the ; matter?" ; -". : X%
THE i BACHERLOR PIRL'S GRIEF.
i i T XT ELL, you can't Jblaine me be
yV cause I said it was going to i>e
T a rainy ' summer "way long
last 'April," said" Billy Bowman. "I Just
said 60—1 didn't make .' it so. Say, . what
do you take me for? Old ' Jupiter Imper
vious, or one of those thunderbolters?" \u25a0".
And Billy looked as sulky, as his nature,
which had nothings at all to do with the
rain, ;\u25a0; would", permit
kfr for a minute or two.
"Of course, I knew
it was goirig- to rain
\u25a0 ' all ' summer," \ . he
.went on after a min
ute. "So ; would any
body that could
think.- It stands to
: reason that - when
there is ?3 so much
I water on the ground
the best the sun can
*'do when he does get
' out is to pump water
up -to make more
rain "with, so . / it' s
naturally going .to
. keep on raining until
snow flies. That's
T what I : said .'way
• along last April,
J didn't I, \ now?" r ;;,
Just as a matter of
general observation,
there is j nothing the
average man feels
•. prouder \of : than
. guessing right about
the weather. .It
1 comes * out the way
he says so very sel
dom . that he has -to
have some compen
sation '. for - all the
times he has guessed
: wrong. When a. fel
low guesses a whole
season right, the
way Billy had, h«
has reason to brag.
But that wasn't all
of it. The rain . had
brought Billy luck.
No, he wasn't selling
umbrellas, nor crave
nette ulsters, nor
even those little
dinky .rubbers the
women .wear to keep .
the water In next
their, feet when they
get- em good and
.proper wet. But he
had a girl, and she
was .washed . down
something like . that.
"HERE'S AN
UMBRELLA."
by the rain, or
Let him tell it
"You see," he said, after the crowd had
begged him to tell them how he was get
ting along with her— Billy was an open
hearted chap, and just as he sympathized
with every fellow in the crowd when he
got mashed on a girl, so all of. us took a
personal interest when his time came 1
"you see, I'm not kicking on any weath
er, or rain or hail or thunderstorms. I
like it when, it rains— don't I, fellows?"
"Sure," said the crowd, and one of us
added,, "So would I if I had your graft"
"Sure," said Billy. "No rain, no girl;
that's what's. been happening up in my
precinct. But I met her, and I love her,
and I've got her."
"Tell us about , it, . Billy," said the
crowd, T ':and he started, \u25a0'\u25a0 ItU>egan with an
umbrella.-:" '"-'(\u25a0" V-"':;'- '••' . ''*"'-.
"You see," said Billy,. "I didn't know
she was coming to work in our office.
All I know is that she was a good
looker and her clothes weren't getting
any Parisian cleaning from being out in
the rain. That's all.
"I was standing in the doorway with
my umbrella*- Just getting a start for
home, when I saw her coming down the
street. It was a- pelting rain, arid she
was running to beat the bureau— the
weather bureau, stupid.. Say, ~ most
girls run like a policeman, but this
girl, she was a sprinter proper. , Her
toes weren't more'n half big enough to
hold her up, but she yas running. on
them all right, with her heels up and
not side-wheeling nor anything. And
I saw she was coming In our s doorway.
"Now, she wasn't anything to be
fresh to, but I saw a way out, and up
I screwed my nut for the! umbrella Tom
Barry left when he went; home In the
sun at noon. And back I come. And
there she is, with a color-in her cheek
that has. a; rose .with 'dew. on it beat
to a four-flush. Say, that's" poetry! :'.: '.
"So I up and, says/ says.l, .'Miss, if .1'
ain't presuming, here's an umbrella, and
if you'll Just send it back here, to, >_ the
office when you get done /with: it it'll
be all right. It's a pretty good umbrel-'
la, too,' says I. ,*,\u25a0',;"'.
. "She just looked at me and smiled.
And say— when she shj>wed those teeth
it Just stopped raining, : and the sun
came out, and I felt all kind of break
ing out, in a perspiration Inside. And
she said, says she, with' a voice like
violets, 'Would it ; be . asking too muoh
of you if youiwere to come to my moth
er's after, it?'. Asking 'too much?. Me to
her mother' s-^-well, not in a bucket of
years!
"So I put her on one .car,' and, I, took
another — I told you it stopped raining,
didn't I? — but it was kind of .threaten
ing yet. And did Igo to her; mother's
after that umbrella? ; And was ; she : at
home to introduce me? VWell, I, guess
yes!:- ;\u25a0 . :; • : \:- -- _':"'.\u25a0 .^ ,}p,* \u25a0-?->*'>?\u25a0
"No, I ain't blaming the Tain' any.
Almost every time I went to ; see" her
It was raining and we could not go out
anywhere. Bo' I was "old solid with: a
concrete foundation when; she finally
got a Job in the office.- Say, you ought
to ' have seen \u25a0 the other : guys t rubber
when she says.JMr. ; Bowman,;, will 'you
see me to the car?* every. time the good
The League could not have been formed on a variety of issues,
because that introduces differences and divisions. On the one issue
it is united. Again, it is clearly seen that taking up favorably any
issue made by the grafters strengthens them. They will imme
diately assert that it is an indorsement of their position, and will
ask people to come into the main tent and stay out of the side
show. Their trained bawlers will make the streets vocal with that
statement of the situation. The result will be confusion in the
public mind, in which the main duty of the people will be lost
sight of and forgotten. ;
The Asiatic question is not an issue. To make an issue there
must be difference of opinion, intention, purpose and practice.
Even- one knows that there is no such difference on this subject as
to furnish ground for an issue. The lack of such difference ac
counts for the public indifference to the pseudo tocsin ringing
that is being done by a few repudiated politicians and professional
alarmists. Every man of sense knows that no national question is
involved in this campaign. While the van is led by the Republican
League, the principles of the national Republican party are not at
stake at all in the result. Locally that party, happens to be in the
majority and only its local morality and practices are at stake, not
its national principles and policies. As the strongest organized
instrument of political action, it offers its might to effect reform
in the municipal government, and asks all good citizens to second
its efforts to that end alone., By fellowshipping such allies it aban
dons none of its allegiance to the national party, nor do its allies
take on such allegiance. The general alignment of parties will re
main as they were, while men join hands to fight a common enemy
of all parties, a foe of all government. Let this one issue be made
and made unmistakably plain.
The Republican League was not organized, has not worked
and has not won in order that it may take up any but the main
issue. When it wins in November it has a job of weeding that will
occupy it for some time. It will compel respect for the civil ser
vice system. It will displace every grafter, sending many into pri
vate life and some to prison, and in the end will create a government
that the people can trust with whatever responsibility they choose to
put in its keeping. " ' J^-
Concerning ptiblic ownership, the grafters' administration will
soon have been in power four years. In that time the question has
been twice submitted to the people, and they have twice refused to
trust the administration in the management of public utilities. What
is the use of making that an issue? Of course the grafters' party
favors it, because it means more graft. Give them control of
water, light and street railroads, and their cinch on the city would
be permanent. They want it to last, and therefore they are for
public ownership. There are others who favor that policy also.
There are many friends of decent government who are led by the
academic discussion . of the subject to favor the municipalizing of
certain public utilities. But they see clearly that the first prelim
inary is a change in the municipal administration. They see also
lhat "such change is the sole issue now before the people of this city.
There is no other. The importing of other issues means the obscur
ation of that. The Republican League was formed on that sole
issue. With that only as its war club, it organized the city, pene
trated every precinct, roused the voters to make the largest registra
tion in the city's history, and cast the largest vote ever thrown at a
primary.
The grafters were probably never busier than now, when they
appear to be idle. They hold "their forces intact. Their vote is a
minority of the total to be cast in November, but they hope for re
cruits, to be gained by issues they will make. It is # at this mo
ment evident that they intend to make a high declaration in favor
of municipal ownership of public utilities. They are also endeavor
ing to offer themselves as the only Simon-pure anti-Asiatics. Of
IMMEDIATELY following the late primary election there was
no idle exultation on the part of the Republican League/ but
1 there was much 'bluffing on the part of the beaten grafters.
They announced that they really had won. Their leader publicly
patted himself on the back, raised his hat to his conception of his
own greatness, and pretended to give out a programme for con
trolling the convention. Since then a calm has fallen upon the
outward aspect of municipal politics. But it is an appearance only.
The Republican League appreciates the situation as outlined in The
Call after the victory. Only the first line of entrenchments has
been carried. It is a" long march to the citadel and there is hard
fighting on the way.
A POLITICAL CALM.
A. J. WATERHOUSE
OCCIDENTAL
AGGIDENTALS
A ..RAINY SUMMER
AND LUGK
THE SAN F R A N C ISGOCALL
JOIiX D. SPRECKELS .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXACGHT • • •-••_ • Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STRKETS. SAX FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY - . ......AUGUST 16, 1905
THE 'SAiST FRANCISCO -'CALL, \\^DNESDAY,' AUGUST^-X6;:--1905i
THE WRITING ON THE HAND
— NEW YORK WORIJ?.
The Palmist— Why, you have had trouble; and yon are about to
part with a large sum of money, ys )'\u25a0'[ V
leak she looked full Into It and at
tempted to raise it, when she was hor
rified, by the discovery that a monster
snake had its head in the pall, the
weight of the reptile making it diffi
cult to raise the pall from the ground.
The snake evidently had been drinking
the milk about as fast as It poured
into the pail. .
' Greatly frightened by the discovery
Miss Czerney gave a scream, sprang to
her feet and made a dash for her home.
But she had taken only a few steps
when • she made the further discovery
that instead of her ankle being en
tangled in the picket rope it was the
snake whioh * was entwined around her
ankle. The reptile was coiled so
tightly and was of such weight that
the young lady was thrown violently to
the' ground.
Finally gaining her freedom from the
monster, which she was able to shake
off only after superhuman efforts, she
continued her flight toward home.
In her haste s she stepped on a rusty
nail, which penetrated the flesh to the
depth of about two Inches. Blood
poison set In and only by the hardest
kind of work was the life of the young
woman saved.
8
FIT:Lash's > Kidney, and Liver : Bitters ,re
moves uric acid ifrohv the* system 'by "dis
solving the uric ; acid*; formation. , - \u25a0,*,»^Z
City Attorney Long rendered yesterday an
opinion that Ocean avenue, between Onondaga
avenue end Mission street, is not . embraced
within the Pueblo lands confirmed to thai city
and county and U* not a public street unless
It has been dedicated ac such by the owners
of the land _ embraced therein and been' ac
cepted by the city. . Long says tbat not having
an abstract of title to that portion of Ocean
avenue . referred to, he Is , unable -to : advlt*
whether- the property belongs to the city.
Though the street between the points named
Is delineated upon the official map, it has .'or
more than : thirty years been occupied \u25a0 by resi
dences and vegetable gardens, and during, tbat
time haa net been used as a publla ftr**t.
Opinion a* to Ocean Aveane.
Principal Armstrong of the Hancock Gram
mar School filed a report showing an attend
ance of 410 pupils, besides 59 additional pupils
who will return to school in a day or two. A
new teacher was sent to taKe charge of the A
sixth grade, which has 43 pupils enrolled.
Seven more substitutes were sent out' to
classes In the primary and grammar schools,
which, with the tMrty-etx assigned on Mon
day, makes forty-three Jn all. In all likeli
hood the board will be compelled shortly to
place at least twenty additional teachers on the
substitute list, taking them from the eligible
list In the recent competitive examination.
Report* were again received yesterday of
increased attendance In the high schools. A
new teach* r for mechanical drawing and wood
turning will be required at the Polytechnic
Hl*h. It Is not thought that any new teachers
\u25a0will be needed at the ether hljth schools, it be
ins Intended to meet the conditions by having
the teachers Instruct twenty-five periods In
stead of twenty-three, as the rule was hereto
fore. . •
New Teacher for DrnTrlnß and Woort-
TornfnE Maj Be A««lgmed to
Polrtecbnlc InMltutlon.
ATTEXDANCK IX THE HIGH
SCHOOLS ON THE INCREASE
A large number of representative
Irishmen met last night In the Phelan
building to complete the arrangements
for the reception , of William H. X,
Redmond. M. P., on his arrival here
next Monday from Australia. Jeremi
ah Mahoney presided. John Mulhern,
the secretary said he had received a
cable from Mr. McCarthy of Honolulu,
that the Irishmen there had given a
warm welcome to Mr. Redmond on the
arrival of the Ventura from the colo
nies. It was decided that the reception
committee should escort Mr. and Mrs.
Redmond > from the steamer to their
rooms In the St. francls, which will
be richly decorated by a committee of
ladles. On Tuesday the visitors will
be shown points' of .interest .In the city
and a lunch will be- served at the Cliff
House. Wednesday evening at Lyric
Hall. 121 Eddy street. Mr. Redmond has
consented to deliver an address on the
present condition of Ireland and her
prospects and' a, cordial iayitatlon is
extended to the public to be present.
Joseph S. Tobir. will preside and the
following gentlemen will be requested
to act as vice presidents:
James Costello, M. A. Jackson, P. F. Mc-
Grath. Richard Bunton. P. J. Welch. J. Con
lon. T. I. O'Brien, L. J. -Walsh, James S.
Fennell, John A. Lennon, 'John J. O'Connor;
Rev. Father Barry. Sacred Heart Church; Ed
ward McGrath; Rev. Father Collins, St. Agnts
Church; M. C. Hassett. D. C. Murphy. M.
Donohoe. Rev. Father Caraher. J. JlDwyer.
Charles GiUea; Judges Hunt, Eeawell, Dunne
and Coffey; Chief Justice Beatty. Robert Fer
ral. Colonel J. Jl Tobln.**J. ' C. NeaJon, Matt
Nunan. John Spottlfwood, John. Grant, Captain
T. F. McGrath. Thomas Doyle.. J. H. Sbee
han. M. M. O'Sha.ughne«*y, Jeremiah Mahoney. -
James V. Coleman. John Mulhern, •. P. Brod
erlck, William Cronan, . . Thomas Mahoney,
Colnnel J. C. O'Connor. Frank J. Sullivan, R.
J. Tobln, J. R. Kelly. Captain, Charles Mayo,;
P. F. Dundon, , Martin O*Dea; Rev, Father
Barry, St. Patrick's Church; Rev. Father
Lynch. St. James Church. ....',
On Thursday Mr. Redmond will visit
tho universities with JosepTi ;S. Tobin,
and on Friday he will be taken for. a
trip around the bay by Jas.V.-Coleman.
Mr. Redmond sits In Parliament for East
Clare, the former constituency ;of Dan
iel O'ConnelL. He has beenjtdentiflea
with the active element always and for
his bold words- he has suffered Impris
onment six : times. * He '"> was In San
Francisco . twenty years ago, on a mis
sion for Parnell, and was .received .with
great enthusiasm. 'In the. colonies he
had a great welcome ; and Cardinal Mo
ran was present at : some of ' the meet
ings on his present trip. After leaving
here. Mr. Redmond will deliver \u25a0 ad
dresses in\ Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago.
Philadelphia. Boston and" New York.
Varied Entertainment Pro
vided for Statesman and
His Wife.
lEISHMEN PREPARE
TO HONOR REDMOND
James Ker.nerscn. a plumber living at 1563
Pir« street. wt"e working at Geary and Jones
etreet* en Monday afternoon was overcome
by escaping pas. Policeman W. Murphy took
fclm to t drug *tore in the vicinity and Dr.
E. A. Bchir. treated Mm Later he was re
moved *.o fci» home.
Plnmber Overcome by Ga».
The Ptate authorities are «.11l in control
and p..)**es.-:or. of :ne valley. At the last
cession of Ccr.Bre6* Senatcr Perkins intro
duced a bill ScceDtlnsr the recession of the
valley end appropriating J25.000 for its sup
port for the year. This passed the Senate,
but the Hcufr struck out the clause accept
ing the recession, leaving the appropriation.
This the State authorities have construed to
mean tbat they are stili In possession. Cap
tain Benson of the Fourth Cavalry. Acting Su
perintendent of the National Park, attempted
to take ivs^eMlon of the valley, but Guardian
George Har'.ow ordered the man of war out
a*d the man of war obeyed the order, after
he had telegraphed to Washington. Secretary
Hitchcock has recently appointed a special
commissioner to visit the Yosemite and
make a report preparatory to his taking con
trol of the valley should Congress accept the
recession, which It will undoubtedly do thti
tall. Then will come Senatcr Curttn's fight
In the courts.
There is gqing to be a legal test of ihe
validity of the recession cf the Yosemite Val
ley to the Federal Government. This has teen
definitely decided upon by State Senator J. B.
Curtin of Sonora. who is the leader of the
oppcsit:on to this move. There have been
tr.:fcb.ts to this effect, but they have always
been regarded as a little misty and uncer
tain. It can now be asserted positively that
there will be a legal contest over this act,
that this contest will be carried to the Su
preme Court of thfe United States and that
Senator Curtin ha* a definite plan already
mapped out.
Senator Curtin is going to let the Federal
Government take the first steps toward taking
possession of the valley, and he will then
r.gnt to regain possession through injunction
proceedings. It is fully expected that Con
gress will pass a bill accepting the valley from
the State of California, in accordance with
the act of the last Legislature, which was
given the sanction of Governor Pardee. The
Interior Department, which has charge of
the national parks, will then take possession.
Senator Curtin wlli nle Injunction proceeding!
against the Interior Department, Congress and
&ii Federal clticl&la who are interested in the
move to prevent them taking control of the
valley. Th* ground cf hl» proceeding will D«
that the State Legislature had no richt to
turr. over to the Federal Government build
ings and land that the State had paid for.
When the Yosemite Valley «v given to the
State of California there were several pre
emption titles in the vaJley. Enterprising
pioneers had located as Government land some
o? the wonders of that section. The late J.
M. Hutching* had the Yosemite Kalis ir. his
back yard end hla title to that had to be
bought by the State, while another pioneer by
the name of Lemon owned the Hal' Dome,
end hit title to that had to be purchased.
Senator Curtin now holds that this property
belongs to the State by purchase from th«
owners and that these portions, at least, cf
the valley cannot be turned back to the na
tional Government without »cmc return being
made to the State,
LEGAL CONTEST
FOR YOSEMITE
Judge Murasky yesterday granted tnterlocu
tfvry_jflecrecs of divorce to Mary Carroll from
Mark Carroll oc the gToana of Intemperance,
and to 14a May Mason from WHilam A. Ma
eon on T he ground cf cruelty. The custody cf
the children of both "ccupies was given to the
p'.a!=tlfts. The following divorce complaints
were filed y»stcr<3ay. Nellie M. ye. Adam Kill,
crjelty; Pc?ri vs. J. S. Fog»l, cruelty; Ellen
M. v». James Dcuplas. crudity: Annie vs. Ja
ccb Shapiro, cruelty: Eugrae S. vs. Marie
"CcfSn. cruelty; Edward C. Scwell vs. Icam
M. Sewcll, cruelty: Nellie V. vs. Wlillam A.
Clark, desertion; John K. Bojn v«. Gertrude
B. Bcyn. desertion; Belle T. vs. Frederick W.
Noli, failure to provide.
Divorce «uit« Allege Cruelty.
Among the late arrivals at the St.
Francis Is Assistant Chief of Detec
tives John J. Keeley of St. Louis, who
arrested defaulting Tax Collector
Smith when he arrived in that city.
Keeley is here on a pleasure trip and
Is being shown special attention by
Chief of Police Dlnan, who has detailed
Detective Ed Gibson to' show the visit
ing sleuth about the city.
\V. W. Chapin of Sacramento is at
tue Grand.
Attorney J. W. Knox of Merced is at
the Palace.
Dr. N. R. Barbour and wife of Locke
ford are at the Grand.
Dr. E. C. Gould of Boston is regis
tered at the St. Francis.
J. Allen Wallis, a wealthy resident
of Dubuque, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. K. P. Moore of Macon,
Ga., arrived at the Grand yesterday.
State Superintendent of Public In
struction Thomas J. Kirk is a gues^ at
the Palace.
Marc A. Blumenberg, editor of the
Musical Courier of New York, Is at the
St. Francis.
Colonel and Mrs. A. G. Gasson and
daughter of San Diego are in this city
on their, way to Lake County, where
they expect o enjoy a little recreation.
H. K. Struve. who has been con
nected with the construction depart
ment of the Japanese navy, returned
yesterday from the Orient and is stay
ing at the Occidental. :• «. ""..•-
Justice of the Peace Golden left yes
terday to attend the convention of For
estew to be held on August 22 at Buf
falo. Golden will visit several Eastern
and Canadian cities and will be gone
six weeks.
i Rev. Father J. F. Jones, formerly the
assistant pastor of St." Dominic's
Church, is dangerously ill in this city,
suffering from spinal meningitis. He
was brought here fr&m Reno, New,
where he was taken sick while tem
porarily relieving Rev. Father Put
nam.
Miss Lonnon has boen specially se
cured for the Denis O'Sullivan season
at the Grand Opera-house, and will
make her first appearance at that thea
ter next Sunday matinee. She will
support Mr. O'Sullivan in the very im
portant and interesting role of Fanny
Power of Cabintcely in "Arrah-Na-
Pogue." Quite a number of theater par
ties have been planned in her honor,
and she has already been entertaoned
at several receptions.
Alice Ixmnon," better known in Cali
fornia as Alice Perkins Lonsdale, . has
returned to this, her native city, from
London, where she played the leading
feminine roles with the distinguished
actor, E. S. Willard. with such success
tbat she has been engaged by him to
return tiiere next season.
organization will leave for Portland
r.ext week, but will give six afternoon aad
gneatos; concerts at the Alhambra Theater
Thursday, Friday and Saturday afternoons
under the direction of Belaseo. Mayer & Price
of the Alcazar and Central theaters. The
RoyaJ Hawaiian Gle« Club and Mme. Nane
a.aa '.a pal. a r.cttd mezzo soprano of Honolulu,
wJU appear at rach of the concerts.
The Hawaiian la:ui is unique in e\-ery *"«\u25a0*
When it »a» establisned by the late King
xvaiakaua it. won & pla * in the hearts of the
dwellers in the delifrhtrul islands of the Pa
cific. Captain Bergcr was selectc-.d by the iate
King a> bandmaster, and the sle*py. dreamy
melcxlles he cfcmposed are to-day recognized
as typical cf the Hawaiian Islands.
-he steamship Mongolia. which' arrived
from the Orient and the Hawaiian Islands yes
terday, brought to this city the Royal Ha
waiian band, which It en route to the Port
land Exposition to give a number of concerts.
The band, which numbers thirty-live Bololsts,
Is under the direction of the vtteran band
ir.aster, Cajtain H. Berrer.
Band of Thirty-Five Pieces Will Play
Dreamy Aim of the Tropics
at the Alhambra.
PERSONAL.
KATIVE MUSIC OK HAWAIIAN
ISLANDS TO BE HEARD HERE
TALENTED NATIVE DAUGHTER
WHO HAS BEEN ENGAGED TO
SUPPORT DENIS O'SULLIVAN.
CLUB ORGANIZED TO PROTECT
SCENERY NEAR LAKE TAHOE
St. Mary's Cathedral was the scene
yesterday of solemn and impressive
ceremonies in honor of. the feast of th*
Assumption. Special services were held
both in the morning and evening mark
ing the day with a show of Catholic
splendor, music and pontifical high
mass in which Bishop Montgomery of
ficiated.
The cathedral's patron saint, Mary
the Virgin, \is accorded - special cere
monies ut each annual celebration of
the event. Besides the solemn". high
mass the benediction by the Bishop on
this occasion forms a. part l of the serv
ices. '
Bishop Montgomery. Fathers Sullivan
and Ramm .. and the Most Reverend
Father Prendergast, as master of 'cere
monies, officiated in the pontifical high
mass and in the solemn benediction.
The sermon was preached by Father
Hannagan, his subject being '"Prayer."
The programme of music for / the
celebration of the holy feast was es
pecially" adapted to the occasion, the
"Aye Maria" being one of the selec
tions by the choir. As the volume of
sound filled the .church a prayer of
thanks went up from the congregation
for all the blessings received from the
intercessor for the sins of men. *:•-*• .\u25a0
A brilliant spectacle was presented
at the solemn benediction by Bishop
Montgomery. He besprinkled the altars
and blessed the holy rituals with in
cense, assisted by the Rev. Fathers Sul
livan and Ramm. As his head, crowned
with the miter, bowed in adoration of
the blessed sacrament, the worshipers
were impressed with the solemnity of
the occasion and joined their prayers
in adoration. \u25a0 \u25a0
Then raising the sacrament, Bishop
Montgomery gave- the blessing of the
church on all the devout congregation
assembled.
VESPERS AXD BE.VEDICTiqX./
Italian Church.
Special Services lv St«. Peter and Paul
Sts. Peu?r and Paul Italian Church, corner of
Dupont and Filbert streets, was crowded to
full capacity last evening, the sen-ices being
held In honor of the Assumption" and the
blessing of a copy of that beautiful picture,
\u25a0 'Immaculate Conception."' by, Murillo. '
Solemn vespers were held and then the priest
proceeded down the aisle and. stopping In
front of the picture, pronounced hla blessing
upon * It. A . beautiful \u25a0 sermon followed,
preached by the Rev. . Father Arata, who is
visiting here from Genoa, Italy. After the
sermon benediction was given.
The picture, which is twice its original size.
12xlS feet, was copied especially for the
church by Slgnor George dl Piro, an Italian
painter of note, and is well worthy the place
of honor it ha* received in the church.
Owner* of Property Near Beantlful
Place Object to Carsbn-Truckee
Irrigation Project.
The Lake Tahoe Protective Association, com
pr»s'nß-*aboui sixty owners of property on
Lake Tahoe. was organised yesterday aft
ernoon In the offices of Thomas, Oerstle &
Frlck. The purpose of the association is to
bring the property-owning interests of the lake
front to unit* in undertakings for the protec
tion of common interests affecting the lake
surface and for stneral improvements.
William S. Tevis:was elected president; D.
L Btrss vice president; William Thomas,
treasurer, and John E. Bennett, secretary; N.
D. Rtdeout. William A. Blssell. J. F. Elliott.
Dr. W. S. Reid and Messrs. Tevls. Bliss and
Thomas were elected the board of directors.
Charts* W. Willard and Mr. Llebeck. banker
of Auburn, together with Messrs. * Bennett.
B'.lss and Thomas, were elected a committee
on by-laws and crzanlzation.
The association will take cognizance of th*
enfieavor of the United States Reclamation
Sen-ice tQiswrtm Lak« M Tahoe ,t, ta -y*_»W«R«
reoervoir for the \u25a0 Carson-TruckeC -Imganon
project, and will support the property-owning
interest In their endeavor, to prevent the dese
cration of one or the most scenic features of
California.. - \u25a0-^\u25a0C .:.-:,:,.-. : -
Miss I. E. Connor Is In New Tork selecting
her Fall Millinery. 225 Post et. *
So Rummaglnj;.
Everything In easy-reach. Smooth .drawers,
no heavy trays. A chiffonier : at homeland a
trunk when on the. go. The. Mendel Wardrobe
Trunk. Australian rawhlds bound, bronze
trimmings. Yale tumbler lock.' pegamoid
leather lined, better than . leather. Holds
clothes, shirts, hats, shirt waists, skirt*, shoee.
cigars', books. All divided conveniently and
accessible. Made for men and women. San
born. Vail & C 0.." 741 Market street. .; •.
Sues for End of Partnership.
In a suit for dissolution of partnership T.
Thompson, who Is associated with F. Groth In
the wine and llijuor business, alleges that his
partner struck him with an- Ice pick and an
other time threatened to kill him. Thompson
says he pa.H $1575 into the. business and that
Groth put in S2OO, a promissory note- for $500
and about $500 worth of experience. . The
caus« of the »uit Is the alleged Intemperance
of Groth. \u25a0
Laborer Falls' Dead.
Mariano Ortega.' a Mexican laborer, residing
at 509H Vallejo street, fell dead yesterday
.forenoon near the corner of First and Brannan
streets.
During the morning session Dr.
Howard, member from Los Angeles,
gave a concise statement, of ht^j con
nection with the board. He did not
think that Dr. Mayhew gave out the
questions.
in the cross : questioning of this mem
ber it was . brought out that \u25a0 lie .had
failed to turn over to the treasurer
money which he~~had received, but had
kept 'part of it -nearly'.* a year. Dr.
Baird explained that this money was
on deposit at the bank and that he had
not turned it over because he did not
trust the treasurer in the lijjrht of
stories told him by Dr. Cooland by the
expert who examined the books.
Dr. Mayhew swore that he did not
give his questions in anatomy to Pro
fessor Howard before the examination
and that he had had no communica
tion with him since last December.
Dr. G. A. White, member from Santa
Barbara, testified to the actions of Dr.
Cool on the board. He said that the
actions of Dr. Cool after the election
of Dr. Baird to the presidency were
childish.
The commission' that is investigating
the scandals alleged, 'to exist in the
State Board of Dental Examiners-con
tinued the bearing all day yesterday.
Little additional testimony was brought
out by. the witnesses. Dr. Baird, presi
dent of the. board, : occupied the stand
much of the time, explaining minutely
all of the happenings of the various
meetings held during the last four
years.'
Manager Briggs of the State Board
of Trade has written to the intending:
professional colonists, addressing his
letter to South Haven, Mich., and for
warding literature relative to many
counties. He will also forward all in
formation that is supplied to the board
relating to sites from reliable sources.
We have been looking up to some extent
Scncmi, Marin, Eaa Mateo and Contra Cost*
countiea. We would like to have you send
us any literature yt:u have on these counties
and relating to any others that you thlnlc
\u25a0would be of interest for our pursaee. If we
•can find a location tfcltt appeals to us we
shall, in all probability, add our mlt* to the
development of your great and already famous
State.
California will have a .unique colony,
so far as personnel is considered, If cer
tain preliminaries can be satisfactorily
met. The colony will include only pro
fessional people and their families.
They are all supposedly possessed of
means, for the advance Information
relative to them is that they will retire
from business and that they wish to
come to California, to the number of
100, and engage in horticulture.
A Utter was received by the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade yesterday,
in which the facts were contained. In
part the letter was as follows:
Vi c are looltinjr for a colony, or rather, (or
am Association con&istinK of about one hun
dred prcfee«;onaJ people who wish to retir*
«u:d engage ia horticulture. We wish to com
bine in land, as tar as cosslble, the pictur
esque with the practical and would like to
b» situated near some body of water, ocean,
lake or river.
State Board of Trade
Sends Information That
May Secure Colonists
Gives This as Only Reason
for Failure to Deposit
Moneys With Treasurer
DID NOT TRUST DUNN
CALIFORNIA FAVORED
Sacrament Is Uplifted]
Congregation Bows Head in
Adoration as the' Blessed
BISHOP GIVES BLESSING
Catholic Worshipers Attend
Ceremonies of Pontifical
\u25a0 - \u25a0 - .
High 3lass and Benediction
One Hundred Professional
Persons of Wealth Are
After the Picturesque
Dr. Baird Once More" Resumes
Stand and Relates Strange
Proceedings Within Board
MEN OF TASTE
SEEKING HOMES
DENTAL INQUIRY
MOVING SLOWLY
OBSERVE FEAST
OF ASSUMPTION
ALICE LONNON
TO BE GREETED
BY OLD FRIENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY.'' AUGUST Ifi. 1805.
9
BUY S€H^mifPPMS AT PRAGERS-- LOWEST PRICES
/f/fcfions. Pure and Properly Priced Baskets I
Ililil .GROCERIES aWUQIfQRS.. %ZJ^
, 4- inch Satin itniinnc (Fourth Floor) . YI&nrFDIFG Baskets — That
Striped Ribbon LIQUORS (*ourtn *ioor# QKULLKIt^ sell reg u!arly for 1
— Extra fine Qual- Prise Winner Bourbon — Regular Bacon— Lean breakfast kind, pound. »- c Our special Tl
itv wftitlri Kp. Price $1.00. Full quart bottle. 70c •- • • • V%;, ITc nrirr U O \u25a0
PMI^ M - a^ B Co^^^ Cafe^ d^: :r:Mc
Sale price, 4O- Belmonf Bonrbon -Regular price Un^S^ '10l b WUlow Clothes
yard .... lOC 53.50 gallon. Special, gaI.. SU.SS Jg- '34c. 5-lb. tin. •>»<;• a »°^| Baskets _ Rcgu .
Liberty Satin '^Il^^noT .^^^To^ *!&f&MW£^^%£ £S Oufstda'l
Polka Dot Rib- A. 8.C., Budwelser^or Sehllt. Beer— 3laKno Floating Soap— The larp T,iX J "V£.n/»
bon —Dotted Plnta. dozen, 51.37; quarts, dozen bars, IS bars .-sOc »ale P"ce DQ-
.Don — UOttert ...82J22 Flour— Our celebrated Tower Brand O^C
with self-colored Sonoma Claret— Has a«e and flavor. • 10-lb. sacks -30c c- T;T ;_ t \XT a ~U
dots: 4 inches gallon ....... 1... ......:... 39c Gilbert Sardines— Extra, worth lac. 1 " 11 vvasn
wide. Regular 25c White i.ibel Stoat— McMullen's, doz. Special," tin • • -«c Baskets — Kegu-
valne*; Sale nrfrp • v. ...........:...: .;.. ... 81.87 .Washing Soda— la pounds ....l*»o larly sold for 65c
UlSi ba ! e JJ r £ ci Old London Dock Port Wine and In- Kln«an Ilenle Ham.-We sell lots of g £ . - >
yard ..... -I C- vaHd sherry— Regular price, gal- them, pound f. ...... 12c JAlf: ;V* l <~* 4*)/* |
.... .. .. Ji/C lon. $2.50. Special, gallon, $2.00 Nntr* Health Muah— A idellghtful M**%* t
-"Bottle:" Bottle: ••••• ........63c breakfast dish. Z packages. .25e \u25a0
P oiJT-coupo^ 1 I Silks and Dress Goods Snaps. ; |
, <CLT/riIIS OXJT— COUPON.) \u0084 The price kn if e has been busy In this section In ; tf
< /C/i M/Amdn C CifWAinC fnf \ '<' order to make room for new stock cdraing in dally. , K9
\ IDC MVOm^n 5 SjUWllb lUr <: . Seasonable silks and dress goods are bound to find ; M
< \u25a0 •- — \u25a0 -- I i, eager purchasers if rightly priced. , \u25a0
|: ttr _^ffs2?v_ :-!i :i B/acic Silk. j 1
S ' fp^MSjf^^XW^ ',' > Black Silk— 2?-inch Black Taffeta; soft chif- H
< (Main rioorh- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- -"-a W^i-Mm'Sif^. ','\u25a0 \\ fon finish: rich luster: especially adapted £ Q j fJ
:•: • !• Upon presentation of this cou- $I*s^»W \ f \u25a0>', \\ for suits and coats. Regular Boc Values. ! tl
«; pon we will sell you'a worn- \fc^^^i*g»£ltvJ' I 1I 1 I 1I 1 Special , Q
S an's fine cambric grown, with IJ77vnTr»qTTVnVVI ' > 36-lnch Black Taffeta — Fully guaranteed. QQ^, ' Fl
< \u25a0 square yoke of six rows of ir~<r£, '( I i ii/Vt^io) ! ' soft and pliable, high lustrous finish. Reg- j/QC I li
S embroidery insertion; either f JUp/ <] u* ar $1.25 value. Special , W
> high or V-shape neck: edged •\dQ! V 4 i tjt/)-;, fr\\nr*A Hrexc Ttnntic "!' h\
-I at the hana with em- IT - MS I^-9 KrC' ! > LOIOTeO UTeSS UOOQS. \ El
| v broidery. Actual val*33C"P^B L- ' *VR ' '! 44-inch Panama Cloth — This is one of the <\ p|
i ue 75c. F0r........ *^ '\u25a0 ./ yi 1 {- > !}\ \< '. most popular fabrics for the coming sea- ffl. , tt
\u25a0\, Gown is full: length and; j' /! t '5 J S <; '" son; colors tan, gray, mynle. navy and r\r§ r H
.<; width and comes dn all sizes. „_ |i; ?" I "J ' ] | royal blue. Splendid value. 75c. Special.. . ; M
!'• The Grenteat Value In the ,' * |\i h \';W I '! 1 43-Inch Crepe de Parl-i — Silk and wopl; black M
: .... The .brenteac > aiue m iae -y l\ \i !-...'././{ \u0084 ,; fe nd , a n colors; a soft and clinging fabric rfl- W
world. for S hi rre d suits. Recrular value Jl.OO yard. J~J C PI
ji None sold at this price with- * ,; , Special N
(\ out this coupon." . / • |. i'.\ ss.i nC h Eolienne Silk Warp — In black and ff t f\ \; H
'"'< r J * D_-._^..- Rtifinc* \& 'A"» finlv 1 colors; soft. rich, glossy finish: never sells HjC. \u25a0 Ej
yGood at Pragers, August 10, us, umy. ; : for le3S tnan 75c yard . special, yard *\u25a0'** :;• g
Wash Lkces. v • Ladies' Via Kid |
350 dozen yards of Cluny 1 J rf^ oiiLSnine Fi"r> |
and Torchon laces, 2to "§| m H ]?» §9 tm «B' 0 '\u25bcnS Over - co "p air 3 of tjM>s< * Ladie«* vict h
, • 1 c -.-.-.,> ,^f fSw "\u25a0 \u25a0f9 it IXsfL MLSL &, «V- J^Jr Kia Oxford Ti«s. tca.le on the ne-w W
5 inches Wide. bOine OI > V I^V tWV (T opera toe with patent leather Up*. H
+U~ Q /-«c nro rr.miliir- fl TT *&U '\u25ba* hand t' Jrn ed soles; military heels. M
tne pieces are reguidi fB * a mxArxsr^ DPJ jaßl^ Taklns It all la ail.. It Is ore or the * Q
Iv sold at ISC Yard OIV VJI } ALWAYS KU,IAUL«> mwt dre?sy shnM we have ever had H
IV i,O!U dl I^<_ \ctiu. v-/»» >^'' mjrj rbXTEV -./^"iJ/JTjr CTH In stock, and it Is ma Je for comfort. M
sale Wednesday, C-; MAfm£T±& &>*/#£& 0/3 g^^g^SS" *1 UR M
yard . . . • • <Jf V .•!;;\u25a0".\u25a0\u25a0'.\u25a0..:.".'\u25a0"-.:•\u25a0'.. .\u25a0..''.:' pair... '. >P*»*V |jj
ADVEnTISELMEXTS.
111 f
Labels of
Evnhsnffo
AUliuilguiii
Come with every packag;« of Iel«ton
Butter and every can of Isleton Cream.
Besides the value of the labels, you are
getting more than money value In these
pure food articles. Isleton Butter Is
put up !n air- tight packages. Isleton
Cream once used In your coffee will
never be substituted by any other. Send
for premium list. A- L. Lundy Co.. 112
Sacramento St.. S. F.
SS?K THE....
--- . \u25a0
Los Angeles Times
San FrcncNro Office
la located fa
BOOM 10, CHKOMCLE BUILDING
ARTHUR L. FISH, Repr«»entatlve.
If you would do effective advertising;
Id the Southwest, drop a line to the
above address or telephone Main 1473
end our representative will be pleased
to call on you with full Information a*
to rates, etc.
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with 8«-pa*»
magazine. J2.50 a year by malL \u25a0:\u25a0..-/
Baa. CHICHCSTCR'S CNCtISH
Pennyroyal pills
il .-rfCTV •HrfmaT •\u25a0« Only Geaalao. *^
*I{ H£§M. *" CHICHLESTER'S KNGLISH
&<il?VlK\± tE HEW »n<l Geld mtt.Uio \mzi :*iti
S-v ~~\i*2 •'!!\u25a0- biM ribbon. Take i>» atber. RefMM
\u25a0tfA *!>S» »*>*} I>«»e*r««« *«ifc«tltutlaßi an* Imlta-
I"/ — fff tin— lij •( rnt Snitiit. «Ml 4«. l>
I C- Jr "rap* to' l'«* rltcui«r*, ' Tastlataalala
V«• Cl •id " Relief for Ladlca," m Utttr, tj re>
V // tuiHitl. I «.•<'• TmUiboblHi. - e «l4Bf
ttirill (U« P*V<* VMUra mtumn. I'kllUk.. VJL.
nnTTClirO roß barbers, bak-
oKUorlilO er% - bootblacks, bath-
UUUUiIi-w tonaes. 'Wlllard table*.
brewer*. boolcWniler«. caniJy maker*, cannera,
<jver« flour raills. tonsfirle». la«n«rie», paj>er-
bansers. printer*, painter*. *ho« factories. «ta-
biezneo, t«r-rocf<?r*. tanner*. taßor*. etc
BUCHANAN' CROS. -
Bra»h Manufacturer*. 60» Sacramento St
OiRECTORT OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price I.lnt* Mailed oa
Application.
: \ oils.
TTTPRICATIKO OILS; LEONARD A ELLIS.
Front it.. S. P*. Phone Main 1710.
PRIXTIXG. '
E/» urrWCC ' PRINTER,
C DIJUUt3i til Eanßcme St.. 6. F. ,
\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 -^ i
AMUSE.MEXTS.
W U I.U 111 .© *#* .IWffiS WJ\L
It's Up I I House
I aanrt Crowded
Record lil HO.
j and is fllUtlU Second
Makn S §2S and
(IF Final
!* ur jsp*
\u25a0 mmm Till* nq ™'
i ' IHr Thum-
|T HE day.
IbnT" CABBAGE -
va . Only-
Topic n * T p I! Uattnee
i Of the THIUn Satnr-
Town. I day.
. MADGE CARR COOK
In Her Original role of Mrs. Wlgya.
A Program of Paragons!
Yankee Doodle Boras Howard Brother**
Josepbtne Alnsleyj Jacob's Dos»«
COL. GASTOM BORDEVERRY:
Edmnnd Day and Company s Tne
Queen's Fan;" Orpbenm Motion Pic-
tnrea. Showing; the Great Parisian
Steeplechase, and
JAMES J. MORTOiN
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 25c and 50c.
CR AND 8l E uV2
POSITIVELY LAST FOUR NIGHTS
CLICKMAN'S YIDDISH PLAYERS
; —TO-NIGHT—
•THE LITTLE -RABBI"
To-morrow. "JOSEPH IX EGYPT."
Friday, "Bowery Tramp" (first thne).
Saturday Matinee. "RABBI OSHER."
Saturday Night. "KING SOLOMON."
BEGINNING NEXT SUSDAT MATINEE
•.DENIS O'SULLIVAN..
- In ARK A II X A POGTJE
MR. O'SULLIVAN WILL SING: "Wearing
of the Green." "Savourneen . Dheeli.h" (In
Gaelic). "Believe Me. If All Tboee Endearlns
Young Charms," "The Low Backed Cax."
"Phil the Fluter." "Kitty of the Cows." "Tn«
Leprechaum." etc -.
CAST Includes the CELEBRATED GAELIC
DANCERS: Hazer Allen. Bessie Allen. Joseph
P. Kelleher, John 0*Conn«ll. .
ALH AM BRA
To -Morrow, Friday and Saturday Next
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS
Belasco, Mayer, & Price Present ,
The Royal
Hawaiian Band
Musical Director.. .....CAPTAIN H. BERGER
Direct -trora * Hcnolulo and \u25a0 En i Route -to tie
• Portland Exposition."
, IX POPULAR COXCERTS
CHANGE OF PROGRAMME - NIGHTLT.
Introducing 35 ' Bra«s - and String Inttrursen-
tallsts and Srngers.- with Glee •
f Clul? and Soloist*.
SEATS SSoAXn 50e — — -i-XO HIGHER
Sale'at Sherman. Clay & Co.'t To-day.
:h:: h: I- nFfi BreeJers : Meeting
|X Mill \u25a0! SAMAROSA,
|111 1 fl U L.U iw.ii 17.i8.ia
| SPECIAL EXCURSION
; Leaves TJburon Ferry, foot. Market
; Street,. at; 9 su m. every day; returning
• leave* Santa Rosa at 7 p. ra.
j Fare SUOO for rbiind trip
r il E.P. HEALD, President
: JF. W. KELLEY, Secretary. .;. '>"-.._
i J \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 " '\u25a0 - • , rHOT&LI
I Cenjpreised Atr cleirJ=ir p!ant .
s ;R6om telephonei • .-\u25a0. -\u25a0
Steam ; heat \u25a0\u25a0 and -op«n Bre«.
"Perfect ventilation "_" I
j ;Plp.;ofg-an'ana orchtttra ,
I * Perfect ~ lervlce • \u25a0 "'\u25a0'-',
y Vnexcelltd cul»ln«
j ; Every . luxury " attainable
A fortune for a
aPGc tf^y*ci •\u25a0 •• \u25a0\u25a0
v TIpHE : Victor Talking Machine Co.
X often spend . thousands of dollars
upon one or two records- — They co
to the greatest artists in the world, people
who receive hundreds of dollars for one
song and arrange for a special audience—
Sometimes it is necessary for an artist to-
repeat a song many times before it reaches
the perfection demanded of a 'Victor; Re- -"{-
cord — Expense is absolutely disregarded. . .
1-., \ ls it;, any- wonder, then," that Victor
; Records f have such undisputed- leadership ?•.
.-'.. Anci" do "you know : that Victor Records
can b r e used on any modern talking
Sherman, Clay (^
Pacific Coast , Distributors of Victor Machines and Records
kearny at Sutter - - ->Sai\ Francisco
-Broadway at 13th - - - - Oakland
' .\u25a0'-.: si- "- ' V-"*. ./',*"\u25a0'\u25a0 *• .~ ' - ' ' **'"-\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0"'.\u25a0 .-\u25a0". \u25a0 \u25a0 . - ' \u25a0._ / - - ; ;"_.; "_ . ' . \u25a0 —\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0 '_ .
AMUSKMEXTS. •
EVEXIN'GS AT 8 O'CXOCK SHAHP.
MATIXEE SATURDAT. 2 O'CLOCK SHAJtP.
Last Two Weeks
Rob Roy
SUXDAY XIGHT. AUGUST 27. *"
Traacta Wilson's Ortsiaar Xew York Casiao
PRODUCTIOX OF
"ER M I N.I E"
AS STAGED BY MAX FREEMAJf,
USUAL TIVOLI PRICE&y2Sc.» 60c.. 73c.
Keit Friday Afternoon at 3 GMock
BOHEMIAN CLUB
CONCERT
SEATS NOW OX SALE AT
1 I.! TIVOLI BOX OFFICE.
AT PA7AD Betasco 4 Mayer.
; Gfneral Manager.
THIS MKEK — Matinees Thurs. and Sat.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Robert Louis Stevenson's Romance
PRINCE OTTO
As Played by Ot)» Skinner.
CHANGE OF PLAY WEEKLY.
Evgs. 25c to 75c; Mats. Thurs. -Sat. 25c to SCV?
NEXT MONDAY— MR. WHITTLESEY LV
THE GREAT INTERROGATION
By Jack London aad Lee Bascom.
Followed by the Costume Comedy
DAVID GARRICK
Market \u25a0 st., near Eighth, opposite City Ball.
Phone South 633.
TO-XIGHT A2VD ENTIRE WEEK
MATIXEES SATURDAY AXD SUXDAY
Grand Scenic Production of the Romantic
Melodrama,
"Land of the Midnight Sun"
By Edwtn Barbour. Author of "She."
A Play of Thrilling Heart Interest.
Laughter and Tears. Joy and Sorrow.
Don't Miss Seeing the Terrible Volcano in
Action.
Tfca Greatest Stage Effect Ever Known.
Herschel Mayall and All tae Central Favorite*.
Price*— Evgs.. 10c to 50c. Mats.. 10c. 13c. 23c
Next — The Popular . Rural Drama.
"On th«" Wabasn."
Carlisle, Desmond and Bailey,
LES PARISIENNES
And, a Splendid Show Erery Afternoon
and Evening; In tne Theater.
RIDE OX THE CIRCLE SWIXG.
VISIT THE JOHXSTOWX EXOOD.
I AMATEUR XIGHT THURSDAY.
'ADMISSION.. 10c I CHILDREN 8o
I See Cblaalta. "the Llvtns DoII.T Annie
Redllne. tne Plump Lady, and . the
Babtea In the Infant Incubator*. .
MISCELL.AXEOFS AMrSEMEXTS.
Alhambra Theater »1
THE TEN VIRGINS
Sacred Cantata by Alfred R. Gail.
; Chorus 200 Voices. Orchestra. Director W. C
Stadtfeld.
WEDNESDAY EVENINO. AUGUST lffTH.
Tickets on sale at Shtnnan. Clay A Co-'*»
; Tuesday and Wednesday. \u25a0_\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• .
; ADMISSION SOc.; Reserved Seats. Too, and Ik
BASEBALL!
TAGOMA vs. OAKLAND
KECBJCATIOX PARK.
FRIDAY 8:8< * •• "»•
SATURDAT •••'V;« fr m -
bunday ..........rag p. m.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
13 A GREAT RESTORATIVE.* INViaORA-
tor and Nervin*.>4WaWftl
The roost -wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic fvr the Sexual Orffsna. for both mim.
The Mexican • remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bia<M*r. Sail* on 1t» own martta.
- NABER. ALF3 * BRUNB. JLgmaxm.
I 623 Market «.. S. F.— (Send far CUwiterJTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, WEDNESDAY^ AUGUST 16. 1905.
10
"OPPORTUNITY'S THOUSAND DOORS STAND
' \u25a0 - ' " - " ' • "-"-•\u25a0*" - • " " _._.___ -\u25a0 " •\u25a0 — : -^ — — : *
EMPLOYJIEXT WA.VTEP-- MALE— Con,
PHYSICIAN and surgeon, five yean* army
M experience desires contract work in Nevada '
\or Colorado or traveling* for medical or sur-
gical house. Address Dr. MABRY. Occi-
dental Hotel. •
WELL educated married man desires respon-
sible offlc» -work or position as traveling
salesman. Address room 147. Occidental
Hotel. -
YOUNG married man want* ooaiticn of trust
or collector; cash security or bond; refer-
encea. Address W. C. H.. 11 Essex st
SITUATION wanted by reliable coachman and
gardener; grood reference. 8. _>.. S39s_ rol-
som st.
CA RPENTER— Elderiyi flrst-clas« carpenter
wants work; city or country; best reference*.
Box -*OIW. Call office.
AN experienced elderly man. small route to
carry on morning paper. 1 Box 9131. CalL
A COLORED man would like a position as
cook or valet; references. Add. 503 Hyde »t.
DANISH man. middle-aged, wants situation:
plain gardener or man about place; private
family and country preferred; is sober and
steady: best of references. Address AN-
DREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny. roam ST.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged man would U_»
clerical, managerial or generally useful posi-
tion; city or country; healthy, good habits,
considerate and trustworthy; bond If neces-
sary. Box 8933. Call; phon* West 104.
WANTED — Situation: middle-aged gardener
and florist wishes position either commercial
or private; understand j business thoroughly
ln all its branches with the very best of
references. O. HAETrNKR. 814% Third st
A TRUSTWORTHY man wishes position as
valet for «orao sentlecaan; no bad habits;
best - references furnished ; also writ* legible
hand and good reader. Box 9115. Call.
GOOD penman and bookkeeper desires any
kind of clerical work for evenin* employ-
ment from Bto 10 o'clock. Address box 8110.
.Call office.
COACHMAN'S position wanted by younj Ger-
man; good horseman and driver: nandy
about the place and good milker; references:
country preferred. Box 8894. Call.
REFINED, educated. Eastern gentleman. IS
years' experience ln real estate and building,
desires suitable position; good references. Box
9159. CalL
A FIRST-CLASS sticker hand (a union man)
desires a Job; city or country. Address F.
P. KELLY. 943 Capp st. '
MAN. 2S. wants position; expert v-._ced sales-
man, books, stationery, etc., alio> office
man. Box 8875. Call office.
WANTED — By accountant, work on books
evenings or Sundays; temporary or perma-
nent; most reasonable terms. Box 8895, Call.
POSITION by experienced srocerymaa: un-
• derstands bookkeeping: will take position
anywhere. Box 8857. CalL
YOUNG man for office position; competent.
- good experience, best references. Box 9045.
Call. . ,
YOUNG man. sober, steady, willing, wants
work on private place; horses, cows, garden.
etc.; wages $25 to $50. Box 9037. CalL
SITUATION wanted, night work, about* S to
12. by. youngr man. Box 8865, Call.
STRONG boy of IS wants position as handy-
man in store. Box 8091, CalL
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position; good
references. Box 9172. C-1L .
BUTCHER — An all-round man. wants position
ln country. Box 8884. CalL -
' A JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants a posi-
• tlon; experienced; many years private fam-
ily; $8 up; has good references, it. - GEO,
703 Larkln st
A JAPANESE boy- wants position as a school
boy; speaks fine English; can do plain cook-
Ing. FRANK. 1621 Mission st .
JAPANESE good intelligent cook wants. posi-
tion in family; wages $35 up. 710 Suttar
St.; phone East 3478. _^
JAPANESE boy wants position at house-
work and waiter at table la rood family.
H. X.. 24S Ellis st; tet. Jessie 6-4.
A JAPANESE wishes position work In apron
or bellboy; speaks English. H. SAIKI. 521
Stevenson st. i \u25a0• : ' r
CHINESE first class cook wants position fam-
Uy or boarding-house. 822 Dupont st.
FINANCIAL.. . .
LONDON gentleman. Intimately controlling
large class European investors, deoires to
meet directors or promoters wishing to place .
stock ln England, Germany and France;
only those financially able to properly in-
troduce and stand by their proposition. Ap-
ply. Immediately box 9327. Call office.
REALTY SYNDICATE AND CONTINENTAL
BUILDING AND LOAN
certificates purchased; spot cash; highest price.
See me before selling. W.L. Harper. Crocker bid.
REALTY SYNDICATE.
All certificates cashed at top price; state amt.
of certificate; payment will ba made iin*~nedi-*
ately. G. P. SHAPBURNE/Jr... Call bldg.
Realty Syndicate certs, purchased for cash.
87% per cent of val. M. West.box 800«. Call.
CONTINENTAL B. & L. certificates purchaser!
for cash. G. P. SHADBURNE Jr.. Call bldg.
FLATS TO LET. # *
AAAA I .
Every desirable vacant dwelling ti listed In
our renting department Combine- lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Saves a world of
time and trouble.
Service 1- absolutely free. ,-*
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur.
nlture. Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
' 1039 Market^ st. opposite McAlllater.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSE 3. ,
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our "
renting department is free- to all; we can
find you a heme la any part of the city:
ask for no payment other than your good
will; we do not ask you to buy ©r even look
at the goods: use this department freely;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-239 Geary
st (on the square).
TO let — New 2-story swell flats; rent $22 si>
and $23; 12 rented out of 14; close to main
entrance to Park and other locations; no cb- .
jectlonable light wells or Inside rooms In
these flats: every room sunny; 5 car lines;
every latest Improveiraent. Agply new build-
ings. Fifth aye., bet Pulton and C sts.."
. from 2 to 4 p. m. -
A NEW. sunny, middle flat; 6 rooms, bath;
large yard; water free; open. 2445 Post st.
btt. Broderlck and Baker.
O'FARRELL. 1029-1937— Modern flats. 5-6-7
-rooms; basement, yard; reasonable to good
tenants.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms and bath; large lot;_
newly grained and tinted; $20. 3833 24th st.
near Church.
SEVENTEENTH. 3370, near Guerrero— Lcve-
ly flat. 0 rooms, bath, yard; reasonable; Mls-
" sion belj: Just done over, , * -.
FOUR flats to rent: beautiful marine view.
Corner Jackson and Cherry sts., near Pre-
eldlo. -
CENTRALLY located upper flat, c rooms and
bath. 1018 Sacramento st, above Powell.
ELEGANT flats on Park Panhandle. IS3T-IS4I
Oak st; open from 10 to 4 daily.
TO let. 722 California st, upper flats of 5 sun-
ny rooms and bath. Call after 3p. m.
8 SUNNY rooms and bath; rent $32 50; water
. free. 22 Sumner st. - . \u25a0
FIVE rooms, hath, sun all day; clean, ii? V
Capp st. pear Twenty-fourth. ' $,
HILL. ' 527 — Upper flat, 5 rooma, bath, light,
sunny, r«ascnable; near Castro st
POST. 2»"O7B — Flat. of 3 rooms; all modern im-
provement?; no children: $13 50.
NATOMA. 714. near Ninth— A flat of 4 sunny
rooms; large yard: $14.
FLAT, lower, 5 rooms; new. runny; rent $20.
lte3 Pierce St.. near Turk.
LANGTON. 284 — Flat to let. $8. Keys 916
Bryant st. : grocery. - '
NOE, 1056 — New flat: modern Improvements;
near Twenty-fourth and Castro cars: 6 rooms.
MINNA. 9Ce, off 10th — Upper flat. 3 rooms
and path. Key at 125«4 Tenth st. * .
ELLIS. 32U — Upper flat. 3 rooms: recently Cn-
ished: all convenience*: $32 30.
TO -let — 4-room flat; nicely furnished: piano;
$23. S2O Elizabeth st'
UPPER flat. 5 sunny rooms and bath; all
tinted. -3336 Twtnty-sixth st. near Capp.
TAYLOR. 903— Flat. 4 large roojns. bath.
$22 60; 3 rooma. 1622 Point Lobos aye.. $10.
REED. - 2*— Four sunny rooms. Apply 1323
Washington St. near June?.
3-ROOit flat, bath and gas; $10. 6 Hampton
place.
$17— FTVE rooms. * 1075 Post st.. near Larkln. „
SACRAMENTO. 13C5— 3-room flat:. gas. laxgu
yard; rent $10. ... \u25a0 ' .
ELEGANT apartments— 4 rooms, bath each:
rent $20. Franklin st. near Greenwich,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IC pages, sent -to any address la the •
-United States or Canada ona year for |1.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Con-tinned.
A— ss2s j NOTION and variety store on Mason
st.; 4 living rooms; rent $25; proprietor must
sell on account of sickness; rare chance for
man and wife. See R. G. WILKE, 2ts*i
Kearny Bt. - . " .
A. — $3000: CORNER ealoon; most prominent on
water front; long lease ;- must be sold quick;
trouble between man and wife causes sale.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A—sl2so;A — $1250; SALOON and liquor store on Polk
street; place established 15 years; $GOO stock
guaranteed ; a rare ennnce. See R. G.
WILKE. 2t>~4 Kearny st.
$2500 — SALOON in wholesale district; estab-
, llshed 20 years; full value in sight; rent $85;
owner must attend estate in Germany. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. 20 ft Kearny r et. •
A— sl2so; CORNER delicatessen store and
dairy product on Fillmore^et.; a flrst-class
location; cash trade; rent 545; value in sight
Call R. G. WILKE. 28*6 Kearny st.
A— slsoo; CORNER saloon with 5 years' leasa;
new building; 2 rooms; elegant fixtures;
place surrounded by factories and ware-
houses; a bargain.- Call R. G. WILKE. 2U>4
Kearny st /
A— $1000; SALOON on 6th st; about 1 block
from Market et.; a good paying business;
gTeat bargain; location cannot be beat. Call
R. G. WLLKE. 26% Kearny st.
A $1000 CHICKEN ranch across the bay;
,weekly income for eggs alone $40; 7-room
bouse, 1 acre land; rent only $11 60. Call
R. G. W T ILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— s6so; CORNER cigar stand; 5 blocks from
Chronicle building; place clears above $100
per -month. Call R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— s4ooo: CORNER grocery and bar; 0 blocks
from corner Market and Powell; an old-es-
tabllahed 6tore, known.to be one of beet pay-
ing groceries in this city. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny Bt. . \u25a0
A— slsoo; WATER-FRONT saloon. In very best
location and a good paying place. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. . \u25a0 \u25a0
A— sl2so; CORNER fancy grocery, delicates-
sen and loe cream business with 4 nice living
rooms; rent $25; 5 years' lease; place kept
by present owner 8 years; only cause of sale
that proprietor wishes to retire from active
business life;' a flrst-class paying place, in
Western Addition. R. G._ WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. , \u25a0'
A— s22oo; CORNER grocery and bar on 16th
bt. ; rent $25; 3 living rooms: place estab-
lished years; doing about' $30 business per
day: good stock; full value in sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
must be sold at once; owner to leave the
city. Call R. G. WILKE, 2«% Keamy st.
A— slsoo; BAKERY ln San Mateo Co.; located
in the most fashionable town; large cash
trade; wagons horses: dally store receipts
above $40. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— s3soo; CORNER saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market st. ; rent $50;; owner kept
this place the last 4 years and always did
a flne business; must leave the city on ac-
count of ether engagements. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2U% Kearny St. ___
A—s2soo;A — $2500; PARTNER ln best corner saloon on
water front; 5 years' lease; no rent to pay;
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand ; a rars
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— sl7so; CORNER saloon "in wholesale dis-
trict- surrounded by factories and wholesale
houses- owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE. 2tS% Kearny st.
A $2200; CORNER saloon with 6 furnished
rooms; 'rent $100; lease; one- of the best cor-
ners north of Market st Call R. G. WILKE,
20% Kearny st. . '
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, on Third st, with
7 rooms; rent $S5; one of the best located
places on the most prominent business part
of Third St.: full value ln sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Et. '
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon in Monterey.
with 15 years' lease; rent |60; stock will in-
voice about $2000: this is a bonanza: full
value ln sight: owner is compelled by other
investments to cell at once. Particulars :R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—$1000;A — $1000; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $25; full value in sight; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A—$1100;A — $1100; DELICATESSEN, store, with dairy
produce; living rooms; very best location on
Third st.. near Call building. Particulars R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et. . V
A—sssoo;A — $5500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from -Phelan bldg.; lease; many for-
tunes made in this corner; a very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— sl7so; SAUSAGE factory and pork store,
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade, also doing rushing store trade; owner
to retire only cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—£2^oo;A — £2^00; THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth St., with leaee, and cigar stand In
front; quarrels among partners only cause 'of
eale: not all cash necessary. * Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— s2ooo: FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento st.. Western Addition;
rent $30; 3 years' lease; full value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—s7ooo;A — $7000; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny st. - ' . \u25a0
FOR sal» — Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
proposition, with valuable adjuncts; sure
money-maker, but need 3 money to swing.lt;
principals only. Address box 7946, Call.
$2500 — PARTNER, gentleman., business ex-
perience; assume duties office San Francisco;,
new opening; large returns. Box 8949, Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route ln Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business Office for particulars.
A FINE cigar stand for sale, cheap." Apply
113 Eddy et., near Tivoll Theater. .
GOOD oyster-house for sale; opposite new post-
office; flne location; 3 years' lease. 50 7th.
FAMILY llcuor store cheap; cause, Bickness.
Inquire 09S Fulton.
BARBKR shop and cigar stand for pale; doing
well; nice furniture; cheap rent 1303 Castro.
FINE opening* for bootblack stand; cheap rent.
' l.'ltt'i Cat-tro st. .
FOR sale — Delicatessen and restaurant: good
place for man and wife. Box $200, Call. '
HAY, grain, wood and coal yard, account of
elcknes-s; must sell. IG3O Mission st. \
GOOD Call route for -sale. Apply at Call
office. -
A BRANCH office, of The ' Call forithe.recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
- be*>n ofxjned at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.. ' \u25a0• — xi.
CAItPET-HEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpet and rues also cleaned by compresserl
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company. 30S Market
\u25a0 st.: phone .Main - 152. and. 'Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work.
Bend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing WorkH. 553-857 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, ISO 9 Har-
rison Bt. ; Al cleaning, '3c. FRED HAGE-'
DORN &,CO. : phone Mission 22.1.
JOELL & CO.. 82 Eighth St.; cleaning and lay-
ing; -atlsfaetlon guaranteed. ; Phone Mint 252.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., P. McQueen
\u25a0 proprietor. 320 Guerrero st.; tel.- Mission 49.
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 53W G.G.ave. ;phone
East inC5. Star Ren. Co..' W. Wagr.er. Mgr.
CONKLIN'S Superior *. Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larkln: phone East :12a.
ADVANCE Carpet Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Propa.
MITCHELLS. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cieanln-r, 3c ys»d. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CHItAPEST-and best ln~ America — The Weekly
Call, IC pages, cent" to any . addrssa In the
United States or Canada - one 'year : for $1,;
protagp na'd. '..,--. : -' : ... \u0084 ..-'\u25a0;
LACE ' CUKTAINS AND . BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S 'New Curtain^ House:: most
complete plant for cleaning lace curtains and
' hlankptp. 1324 FlUmore: phona Pine 2622.
CIiRE FOR RUPTCRE. ;! i
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Elastic Truss; per-
fect- retainer: popltlve; cure; ti book free. Re-
< '..• moved to 206 Kearny st . room 307. - .
I DO not cure , rupture,' but can " hold' them in
Place. WEDEKIND. 440 Geary st \u25a0
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ' ejected : for \u25a0 $4; 'collections - made;"
• city or country. Pacific > Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery at.. .rooms 9-10.',.Te1.- Main "ssBo.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MeDOWELL' Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve. class: patterns cut-*? 1100 Market st." :
Accordion, ' sunburst and knife ' pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor."
CLAIRYOYAIVTS — Contlnned.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
' -PROFESSOR NIBLO.
—PROFESSOR .NIBLO.
ASTRO-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT. .
MY $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS, $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to call you by
name in full, names of your friends, enemies
or rivals: 1 . promise -to tell you whether your
husband, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
tell you how to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though miles away; hoir to
succeed in business, speculation. lawsuits;
how to marry the one of your choice; how to
regain - ycutii. ' health and vitality; removes
evil influences, cures drink habit; locates
treasures," cures all nervous diseases.
How can I bave good luck?
How can I succeed ln business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can. I marry the one I choose?.
\u25a0 How sooa can I marry? '
' . How can I make any one love me 7
How soon will my lover propose?
How"-can I get a good position?
How can I control any one? \u25a0<= »_'->--.'•
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love? \u25a0 _.._
HOURS. 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONE3 ST.
Permanently located in his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
AAA— The Great, Only ar.d Original
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
The Veiled Prophetess,
Dead Trance Medium.
." . Trance Clairvoyant-
Born with a Double VeiL
Educated In Occult ln Egypt and India.
$5 Complete Life Reading*. $1.
Tells your name — Tells you when and whom
you will marry.
Settles love quarrels and promptly re-
unites the separated, no matter ho-jr lon*
standing- . •
Advises in regard to -peculation ln real
estate, mining and minerals — locates mln»« —
loet and stolen articles.
Removes evil Influences and "five* you
power to control the one you love.
London's most famous palmUt and. olaix-
voyant; is acknowledged by pres« and pub-
lic the greatest living dead trance medium.
She tells you what you came for before
you utter a word; does not a-k questions,
no matter what your trouble may be.
• Call and she will guide you with cer-
tainty higher than human power. Tells
you the truth, good or bad. .
Write her if you can't call. Six questions
answered, by mail. $1. Send dat« birth,* lock
hair. -
Hours — 10 to 5 dally and Sunday.
Private; no sign: ring bell. 404— Eddy st— 4Ot
A— _>
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0—
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DEI—CAR.
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant. Palmist and Psychic H«al«r.
The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence ln America.
Without asking you a single question he
calls you by name, tells your mother's maid-
en r.amu. tells you the name of friends, ene-
mies or rivals, tells you what you came for,
\u25a0 tells whom and when you marry; ln fact,
1 e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g. v •..? "\u25a0;-.. --^
No matter what" your troubles, sickness or
desire may be. Professor Delmar will help
you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. Full life. $1. No pay in ad-
vance and unless you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny. Dally from 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; Saturdays to 8 p. m.; Sun-
days, Ito4 p. m. 114 Geary st.
MME. RA VENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names, advice ir\ all affairs. 5 4th st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, card reader; gives
names, dates and facts. 122S Market, rm. 2.
MRS. . SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
SPIRrrUALISM.
JOHN" SLATER, circle to-night. 8:15; teste to
all. ' 616^ Lombard, bet. Powell and Mason.
Sittings 10 to 4; DtcAe James 7396.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life, reader. 1206 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
WYLLIE. photographer; short stay only. 875
Sutter st. - -
EARLE'S seance Sun.. Wed.. 219 Eddy St.;
- readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell bC '
PALMISTRY.
X^RETURNED. h" Jerome Fosselli, scientiflo
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter: tel. Black spv-i.
HYPNOTISM. \u25a0
DE LAUFF, magnetist, 709 Bush St.; hours 1-
5;. nervous, mental ills, habits cured; no
drii_s. \u25a0
. EJIPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office
promptly lurn. all kinds. ,of reliable help.
George Sakauyer 421 Post St., Tel. Bush 135.
UP-TO-DATE Jupanesa-Chlnese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post St.: tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Of flee — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; tel. Main 1751. .
A— OHBHEUM Employment Ofnce — Japanese-
Chineee help. 42tt Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; teL 8u5h. 859.
Finest Japanese help: house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason: tel. James 525 L.
AN old' estab. (1850) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'St removed to 51S Pine; tel.Grant 156.
H. W. % HONG. 1113 Clay St.; Chinese employ-
- ment office; best help. • Tel. East 423.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
• .ished: house cleaning. 7CS Taylor; James 7636
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all fclnds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5153.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG "woman wants position to do gen-
- eral housowcrls; wageu $30 to $33. Address
• 1723 Folsbm st.,- near Thirteenth.
INTELLIGENT woman wants position with
refined people as managing housekeeper;
nothing menial. Box 9100. Call.
YOUNG college girl wants position as nur-
sery governess; only 'refined people apply.
Box 9182. Call. •
A GOOD cook wi3b.es position; American
family; no housework; $30. Phone Howard
2933.
YOUNG woman with a child wants house-
work by, the day. Call 434 Sixth street.
A WOMAN wishes to work a few hours every
- clay." .T-'S Fremont st. .
LADY does washing at home; curtains 25c up.
373 Linden aye. '.\u25a0. \u25a0 " . '\u25a0 •
MIDDLE-AGED lady, neat housekeeper and
manager. -would like, the care of a flrse-class
home; good wages expected. Box 9192, Call.
REFINED, young "German wants position as
' nursery governess to 1 or - children ln tho
v city. Box 0.''20. Call. '
RELIABLE woman wishes washing-. Ironing
or j-weeping- for Saturday; $1 50 and car
fare. \u25a0-: Box 8067. Call.
COMPETENT laundress wishes work by the
day; Thursday. Friday and ' Saturday; call
after (J ».. m. 020 Van Ness aye. --,'\u25a0'-.' ,
AN experienced dressmaker wishes ' engage-
ments; $1 75 per day; references. Box 9058,
Call office. •-\u25a0 .'\u25a0-\u25a0'•. „\u25a0-\u25a0• 2
A WOMAN wants work by day sweeping,
cleaning or light washing: $100 a day and
'carfare. Box 89: JO. Call office.
WANTED — By Swedish gir!,. second work In
family; $30 month; no washing. Box 9042.
Call. " \u25a0 \u25a0
COMPETENT woman jto takt* charge of roora-
.- i*>e-hcus«?: transient preferred. Address MRS.
J.-.W. GREUN. 119 Larkln St.
COMPETENT' laundress wishes work by the
-\u25a0day.! Phone East 4543. _
A TOUNG girl: wants a position • to do general
hous3Work..Call at 1423 Florida St.. nr. _tith.
EXPERIENCED French dressmaker wishes
. engagements . by the'day. Box 6035. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook < $40) wants position. Box
UIUS. Cull .office. : .;
EXPERIENCED practical nurse wishes care
o( Invalid or elderly lady. Box 9307. Call.
A SUPERIOR woman would ' do mending for
women by- the day: in city. Box 9323. CalL
COMPETENT laundress wants work for
: Wednesday and Thursday. 1475 \u25a0 15th st.
•EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man , about .; 19 i years old wishes a
*•- position vas 'butcher: ; goods, experience; best
'-reference.'..; Box ' 9193. '•\u25a0 Call.- ;; .' ;.v; .v
A MIDDLE-AGED, man. r handy with tools.
: inside or \u25a0 outside; private : place, city. > ' Box
/ 91S0. Call. \u0084
HANDY-- man. ' carpenter, and 'blacksmith,
-.; . wants work. . - Box 8722, ' Call , office.
RoominK-Honsu and Hotel« for Salg."
"L— s . \u25a0 ' ' ' __— ' • - r ' '.*?"' X'-
2.— ' \u25a0"' \u25a0 i': \u25a0 \ \u25a0 ___ — \u25a0 ' .:'."'
3.— MARION GRIFFIN.
: : 6.— MARION GRIFFIN.
ill MARION GRIFFIN.
J1 # ..,-...;\u25a0 \u25a0 ' • ;.; .-,\u25a0\u25a0•'•.\u25a0 . ' .
12.— 070 — . Market — St.— room— Bol -— Eighth
13. — floor — James — Flood — Building— opposite
14.— "The — Emporium."— Phone— Main— :« 43.
15.— Modern — Business— Methods.— ROOMlNG
16.— and — APARTMENT— Houses. — Abstracts
17. — furnished. — All — titles — guaianteed.
18. — Our — Ellis — St. — Entrance — Is
19.— , • — Opposite —
20.— THE — GOLDEN — WEST— HOTEL—
21.— —TAKE — THE — ELEVATOR—
\u25a0' - 1 -: \u25a0
. 3.'
\u25a0 4. . . . •
5.
I.— BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED.
2. — NEW 37-room house on Ellis st.
3. — Swell marble entrance.
4. — Average monthly profit $175. •
5. — All ladles of refinement instantly note
6. — The superiority of this house.
7. — First payment $1500 in cash. -
8. — The location is simply the best.
9. — The lady owner Is anxious to Mil,
10. — As she wants a house twice as large.
11.— You can inspect this house by
12. — Going with an agent from
13.— MARION GRIFFIN'S Office,
14.— 970 Market st..
15. — . Opposite "The Emporium."
< ' I
"•' ' \u25a0 -.A,' \u25a0 ". \u25a0
5.
I.— Big bargain; $3000 (%ca*h) take*
2. — A 60- room, centrally located hou»«. ,
3. — Bankable profit $200 monthly.
4. — Electric elevator and. electric lights.
s.— See the agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
- 6. — 970 Market St.. opp. ."Emporium."
1.
. 5.
1. — A—tB-room—corneA — t8-room— corner — houie
. 2.— For the nominal price of $2600.
3. — Terms $1000 down and Installments.
,4. — Laid out mostly in apartments.
5. — Landlady takes care of ten rooma. '
6. — Bankable profit $190 each month.
7. — Furnishings cost $4500.
8. — Located in the residential district,
9. — For sale, of course, by „
10.— '—MARION ORIFFIN, V
11. — .' — The Agent.
12.— * —970 Market St., room 801,
13. — \u25a0 — Opposite "The Emporium."
14.— —Ellis-st. entrance Is
15. — i ' — Opposite Golden West HoteL
\u25a0'•\u25a0•\u25a0 •*.
5.
I.— SUTTER-ST. BARGAINS.
2. — 14 rooms; rent $50; price 1400.
3. — Terms y2y 2 cash and installments.
4. — It's a sunny corner house.
5.— , Also
6. — 38 rooms: cost $6010 in cash.
7. — Owner crippled ln hospital.
8. — Lease, with, rent per room '\u25a0 $5
9.— Price put down to $2000
10. — Highly respectable.
11. — Terms % cash if desired.
12. — Properly managed, should clear $150
13. — Each month above all expenses, s
14.— ' —Also— -.- I
15. — 30 rooms on a splendid »sunny
10. — Corner and clearing $190 monthly. *
17. — All the bargains for sale by
18.— MARION GRIFFIN,'
19. — , Room 801, James Flood Building.
20.— (The finest office building ln the city.)
___ ___
&'.
I.— . $450
2. — 10 rooms. . $450
3 — — ' ' — — \u25a0— •
4."— 10 rooms, $450]
5.—
6. — Located near Geary and Mason. $450]
7.— i -
.B.— BRAND NEW furnishings. $450]
n__ . . \u25a0" \u25a0 _______ .'--',
10.'— FULL OF ROOMERS.
12. — Insured \t or ' $900.
it— MARION GRIFFIN. Agent. 970 Market. .-
: w'Lt " : ~- .1. "..- \u25a0; '. - -\u25a0;
• ' 2: ' ' "
'-\u25a0\u25a0- 3. .
' ' -.4 , ' \u25a0 - . -
5. ,
1. — A SWELL modern apartment house.
2. — 103 rooms 103
3. — All in splendid 3-room apartments.
>4. — Full of selected tenants.
s.— rShould dear monthly $300 to $3SO.
6.— MUST BE SOLD. •
7. — We will explain to YOU the reason.
8. — You are hereby cordially invited
0. — To thoroughly examine the house
10. — And then make us an offer and
11. — To" suggest terms suitable . to you.
12.— MARION GRIFFIN. THE AGENT.
13. — Will go with you to see it.
14.— * Respectfully, ]
15.— » The Owner. ]
10. — P. S. — The rent is only $5 per room.
. ___ __________
- ' t .;-\u25a0\u25a0-' 2. ' ' '
I:
I.— ARE YOU LOOKING
2.— FOR A CERTAINTY?
3.— If co, call on]
4.— MARION GRIFFIN,
B.— THE AGENT,]
0. — And get details of '
7. — . My 32- room]
8- — Apartment house, from which
9. — I RECEIVE $100 net profit every month. v ;
10.— Location Is unsurpassed from .
11. — Every point of view. . '
12. — RENT is less than $5 per room.
13. — Price reasonable* and easy terms.
14.— What more could you ask," »
15.— — "EXCEPT"—
10. — The reason for disposing of .
17. — Such a place, .' .
18. — Which is plain when explained?
I. .
. \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u0084 ;si " ; \_. . '\u25a0-\u25a0 - ..-;\u25a0-..' - .-:'.
I.— SWELL.. RESPECTABLE, homelike .
2. — 10-room house.
3. — Located near Pine and Hyde.
4.— Price 5500,
5. — Which is about half the value.
(5. — Rent $40; very cheap fcr such a house. ~
7. — Profit $35 over all expenses.
B.— —MARION GRIFFIN— '
9.— —970 Market st.—
10. — — Opposite "The Emporium." —
1". — WINDOWS galore, 67 or more.V
2. — SACRIFICE sale of 42 rooms.
3. — Ten blocks north .of Market \u25a0 st. „\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
4. — SICKNESS causes sale 'of this
5. — House, established more than 10 years."
6. — It has always been a good :
7. — Payer; never less : than ;'. -
. B.— sloo profit per month; properly /: V.
9.— Managed should clear over $200. '
10. — It's an extraordinarily sunny
11.— CORNER HOUSE of 57 window?
12.— Rent only $135, with a lease.
IS.— Price out down to $1400. .
H.— See MARION GRIFFIN this week.
15. — -..'-:-. -...'-.'" 070 Market st.
____ — — — - -
3."
4. \u25a0 - . -
5.
I.— SPECIAL MENTION; 23-room house '
2.— NKWLY and well furnished.
,3.-HENT $'l per. room. '•
-4.— LEASE for 5 years.';. •V^;!-/;'-',.: \
s.— Full of gentlemen roomer*. \u25a0
6.— PRICE $1000, . -vhlch is . '
7.— LESS THAN COST.
B.— REMARKABLE terms; only $300 down
9.— And $25 monthly Installments.
10.— INTEREST only I per cent.
11.— We back you-for $700 : see? •
12.— PROFIT about "SSB -monthly.
13.— NOTE—
14.— A wealthy lady with a kind
15.— Heart furnished . this house for
16. — A friend who cannot now.;-;
17.— Take charge." It Is a great •• «•
IS.- : — Openinsr tor. some deserving ; man
19. — And wife -- with good : references . "
20.— See MARION J GRIFFIN, the agent
21.— 070 Market st.. opp. "The .Emporium."
special—. . ; - \u25a0-.•\u25a0.*' \u25a0•'.-::\u25a0. : .r -\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'..\u25a0\u25a0:.-.. ~:
- GREAT. BARGAIN. •
Hotel, elegantly : and completely furnished ""
\ NEW. THROUGHOUT. ' \u0084
Heart of the ; city. Kveryt room > occupied.
:-: Income.-. $1200 X monthly. : V . r
\ Expenses ,5763 per :- month. '':\u25a0; U
: - ': •\u25a0' Net : monthly ;• profit. $457. . • .'_.\u25a0
Must go 'East 'to ' settle estate. . ,
'' Location unexcelled. :;;\u25a0'•'\u25a0
MARION \u25a0 GRIFFIN. 970 . Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. s
HAVE ; you city .' real .?* estate 'I- mortgaged 'and
, ; cannot sell ?. : If \u25a0so -we . can : put i you : into a
• • paying . apartment-house, » ; : containing a* 62
•{Toomf, ' private : bath: with leach T apartment,"
;\u25a0] all .rooms . light : and sunny, • cheap rent, -fur-;
.nlshed by. one ;of „ the .best - furniture . housjs
.'.\u25a0;; in , S. :\u25a0]?.:- clears • about ! .?400 s per \u25a0- month ; call .
. T for particulars at" our ".office. -WINSTON &
; WOLF, . 102 C Market st.;.: .. . .---- V
18-ROOM ''\u25a0 boarding-house ; * good business.'- , In-
| quire 715 Eighth St.. Oakland.
LODGUVG-HOUSES FOR : S ALE— -Con.
A-j-CAMEr6n & CO' — Phono South 1050.
S Eddy st., cor. , Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
63 rooms; fine new brick building; choice-
central location; newly furnished in' best oak
furniture, Axminster and velvet carpents; elec-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conven-
iences; beautiful, light and airy halls; in fact
a splendid proposition; can be bought for less
than half cost to furnish; part cash, balance
long time at low interest; price $3000. -\u25a0 '
44 rooms; fine corner, close ' irf; well fur-
nished throughout; always full and pays hand-
somely; biggest bargain in city; price $3600.
25 rooms; new, 'modern buildings; new and
elegantly furnished;- first-class downtown lo-
cation; cheap rent with lease; most complete
house of Its size in city; call for particulars'. /
70 rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
cheap re«»t, long lease; well furnished; first-
class condition; choice location and clears over
$250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
24 rooms, beautiful little -apartment house-
choice location; cheap rent; elegantly fur-
nished; ?> and 4 rooms each ;. new, modern in
every particular; ill health cause of sale.
14#rooms; fine location; rent only $50; north
Market: good furniture and carpets; all full;
price $750.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furni-
ture and carpets, and if run right can make
a mint of money out of it and will only take
$200 to get In; balance can be paid out of
house; price $1000.
19-room corner house; fine location; oak fur-
niture, good carpets; everything flrst-class con-
dition; all full and clearing $75 per month; an
excellent buy at $1250.
6 rooms;, central; rent $32 50; elegantly fur-
nished little home;- fine buy at $350.
I 18 rooms; Ellis St.; rent only $70; newly fur-
nished; finest kind of location; bargain, $1050.
37 rooms; fine corner; downtown; cheap rent:
flrst-class furniture and carpets; one of tho
best little transient houseß in city and can be
got at big bargain; $2250.
• 38 rooms; flne corner; new and elegantly
furnished apartment house; rent $200; price
$2800.' \u25a0 -
6-room and alcove beautiful modem flat near
Sutter St.; all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with flne upright piano; bargain; $600.
16 rooms; central location; well furnished;
good corner; cheap rent; will be cold for face
of mortgage; $950. -.
80 rooms, new and modern; flne location;
well furnished and paying well, but owner i&*
obliged' to leave city, and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish for $1500. '
Large list of exchanges of all kinds always
on hand. • "
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 EDDY ST.
FISHER & CO A . ....Phone Main 3354
Room 438 James Flood building. ' \u25a0 .
Furnished rooming-houses, hotels atuj flats.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLE6S DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver fillings-, 25c; gold
fillings. $1; gold crowns, $3; Dridge work. $3.
1104 Market St.. corner Turk.
A NEW. plato^-The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings iiOc;
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144." Market, nr. 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set. extracting 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS. 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
.YORK DENTISTS. 959 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 76c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2, no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C. Hewitt. lOIVj Grant ay.
EDUCATIONAL.
AMERICAN School for Opera and Drama —
Places graduates through the Theatrical Ex-
- change ln Europe and America; vocal (Italian
method); opera, diama, concert, vaudeville,
sketches-, plays, son6S and muelc written. Tel.
East 4461. Mme. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mme.' Tregear. bus, manager. I_s Geary st.
A THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law. medical colleges;
refs.. Pres. Jordan or any Stanford, prof.;
summer session begins June 5. Phelan bldg.">
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory and Act-
ing; fall term begins September 4; day and
evening classes; positions guaranteed. Cata-
logue. 1295 Market st.
Al— i who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have had -50 good places
\u25a0lnce March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
ifge. 738 Mission st.
THE evening class at Hlnman's School of
Dancing, 1412 Polk st., near California, are
now open; .the children's class will open
~ Saturday. September 2.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.; Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us; stenographers trained; posi-
tions s-ecured. 025 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEOE has removed to larger quarters at 933
Market St.; best location ln city; catalogue.
ZITHER lessons given by - MAX MAIER,
teacher of the zither. 304 A Turk St., near
Leavenworth. . - •
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec, mm.. mech.. sur-
. vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18U4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 18ti3: largest in the West: an-
nud enrollments 10CO; send for circular.
IRVING Institute School for Girls, 2120 Cal. ,
Bt.: fall. term begins Monday. August 7. IOCTi.
WESTERN x Bus.: College. 12S1 Market st:
thorough \u25a0 com, course by experts. ..Catalogue.
GIRLS "and boys wanted; operatic and dramat-
. Ie work. 1225 Genry St.: phone East 4461.
Drafting rm. studies,^ math, drawing, strength
materials, \u25a0 graphic statics; eves. 20 Hanford.
I \ CLAIRVOYANTS..
IF YOU CONTEMPLATE
CONSULTING A CLAIRVOYANT
Several things should be taken under consid-
eration.
The honesty, the reliability of advice, the
methods of procedure, the reputation for hon-
est work, satisfactory services and secrecy.
If these. things are considered, you will consult
LIVINGSTONE.'
His past record the best Indorsement.
Three yeaj*s of continuous work in San Fran-
cisco and a clientage of thousands ought to nx
a man's standard, and it does. *
. He Will tell you whether your present busi-
ness Investments will be successful.
No matter what may be your hope, fear or
ambition, call on this Kitted man. .
Do not struggle with a troubled mind when
for a trifling amount- there is relief. -
He tells you everything, good or bad.
- You -hear the truth- and ; nothing but the
truth. ' - - iV-'
TAKE NOTICE.
His only reason for giving your name In
full, or ' any ./important: Information you may
desire, is that- he does this Incidentally aa a
chain to read by.
If you are discontented, unhappy, discour-
aged, unsuccessful or in ill health call on
PROFESSOR LIVINGSTONE
And he will aid you In life's greatest blessings:
'HEALTH., WEALTH AND HAPPINESS.
..'Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
< READINGS $1.
•\u25a026Va— KEARNY -ST.— 2O%:
'\u25a0 .HOURS 10 A. M. TO S P. M.
A— MISS. M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.
i Clairvoyant,- crystal teer, can' be consulted'
on all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees
honest,; reliable,- satisfactory rpading; re-
; the past; ; gives correct forecast of your
-..futures;;, advises ; you : on .important , affairs.
whether financial, domestic," love 'or k business;
; gives the secret howl to' control, charm, ,f_-
.-; cmate the ~ one • you ; love; : reading. $1 ; -. hours
•-. 10-"S p. m.; French. German, English spoken.
ISMAR, • Egyptian ? seeress. The Vendome. 1104
\u25a0 .Market; 8t.,, San: Francisco. Office hours — 10
a:\rn. : t0. 5 p. ,m... Sundays 10 to C Phone
>tsouth 1141. -V-;.;.:-;.;..; : .
MISS ZEMDAR," young gifted clalr. and palm.;
'{ reveals : hidden secrets, , love, v business, etc.';
';.:-;. names; , L.'i soc,* G.* ?l. v 533. Golden !G#te aye.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly: •
-* advice , given -on v. all affairs of . life : • t,a tis fac-
tion guar. ; 25c up. 17 3d. next Examiner bid.,
MME.' KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card reari-
_-£\u25a0 er,-i palmist; .when : others fail try .'me; . good
reading 25c;: no sign. ,102% 6th.. nr.- Mission.
' ,'.- '-'•\u25a0-."'.:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' ' ' '\u25a0*• ' '<\u25a0 ''\u25a0''-\u25a0. ... - , . ' \u25a0'.
BIKETCfO yOTICES — Contlnned.
CALIFORNIA Lodge of Perfection No. .«£•
10. A. and A. S. R., 1659 Geary »t.— 11
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) /A
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Fourteenth eggja
degree. Visiting brethren cordially '
icvlttd. CHARLES JKLLINEK. Sec.
CROCKETT Ledge No. 13», F. and A. «
M.— Third degree THIS (WEDNES- **Af
DAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. By /V\
order of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 100, F. and A. ra
M.— First degree THIS (WEDNES- vVf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /W
H. J. OWEN. Socretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 163, F. and A. ffl.
M.— Special meeUng THIS (WEDNES- V*
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /\u25bc>
Third degree. R. E. Allan, Seo.
STARR King Lodge No. 344, F. and Q
A. M.. Maeonlc Temple^ — Special <Jy
meeting to attend the funeral of our /\^
late brother. C. L. MAST, of Yosemite
Lodge No. 133, F. and A. M.. of Coultcr-
ville. Cal., at Ma-*onic Temple at 4:15
o'clock p. m. THIS (WEDNESDAY). All
Master Masons and friends of deceaaed in-
vlted. H. F. WRIGHT. Secretary.
FARNSWORTH Lodge No. 05. I
O. O. F.— Second degree THIS^Sr-*fei f --'-V<.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT, Aug. *yi<s*g?S*l
16, Welcome Hall.' Sojourning* '* s %ii^*
brothers cordially Invited. Members please
b« present. C. A. HEXTRUM, N. G.
Q. A. BURMAN, R. S.
NATIONAL Union. Califor- W_£k*_C_*«K
:ile Council, meets TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, ' "^ 1 X|
Fourth et., at 8 o'clock.
Visiting frlendE cordially invited. Initiation.
By order DANIEL BURNS. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent -.-^ja-JT
AESoc'.aticn drill this (WEDNESDAY) »>?S;
EVENING, at 50T Sutter. Members &&£?
that have the uniform are requested •ng* 1 *
to be cresent.
J. M. RUSSELL. Caßt. Com.
M. RADC.LOVICH. First Sergt.
ATTOn\"EVS-AT-LA\V.
AA— DIVORCE; costs. ?12; quick, quiet; ad-
-vice free; no charge unless successful; open
evenings; wills, deeds, leases, bills of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; hankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates, 527 Market St.. room-301. <^
AA— DIVORCE costs $12.
Q-lck, quiet; legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
All law business.
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldy.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and of flee
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AY. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law. 6i52 Market St., room ""3; 21 years' ex-
perience; all courts; general court and of flee
practice; consultation free; open evenings.
ADIVE free: legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment: call and save money. Sl9 Mkt. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12, all cases; pro-
bate and attachment suits a specialty; open
evenings. Rm. -it"s Parcott bldg.. 855 Market.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market, room 302, consulta-
tion tr^tf. no foe in pdvance. Open evenings.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS make $5 to $10 a day selling "King
of Lights"; best gas light in market; sales-
men wanted for Frisco and adjoining towns
and cities; territory for good .men; work
evenings and add to your income. WILL-
TOM G.AS LIGHT CO.. 430 Jones st.
.WANTED — Saleslady for genteel article; big
commission. Address box 4091. Call.
AUTOMOBILES.
OLD'S runabout: a snap. Call at 217 Ellis.
WALTER S. FRANCE. '
A bargain — 1905 White touring car, practically
new. GO3 Van Ness aye.. nr. Golden Gate aye.
__] ASTHMA CURE.
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures: for sale
by a'l <iruKKlstE; main depot ICO2 Market st..
St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 20c, 50c postage.
CHILD REX.
WILL board children, •tToT^haTT^block^from
school. 4261 " Twenty-! ourth Bt. i
LADY wishes one or two small children to
care fcr. Apply 3231 Folsom st.
FAAIILY would like two children to board;
best of caTe; large yard; *20. 453 Ninth St.
KiCYCL.ES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
aJJd exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1826 Polk St.
BL'SIAKSS CHANCES.
R. E. CALLAHAN. 26 Montgomery st.
Telephone John 6SC6.
Business locations and leases a specialty.
Confidential information on several first-class
groceries and- bars; also several \u25a0well-located
and pood-paying naioons.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phono South 1050
."{ Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A— s."ooo buys flrst-class coal, wood and ice
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located in fins bay town; equipped with
horsff-s? and wagons; doing good business;
clearing uver $l£u per month; established ten
years; owner has other business and cannot
devote his time to it. See CAMERON & CO.
A— AN "investment of ?SCO to $1000 will secure
the position of eecretary and treasurer for
first-class. corporation; ualary $100 per
month; Is well, established; bank references.
Bee CAMERON & CO. ,
S5OO0 — FINE paying houh-e and decorating bus.
CISCO — Kearny-st. saloon: good stand.
$1230 — Fourth-st. saloon; good payer.
51S0O — Mason-st. grocery and bar.
$_"20(,' — O'Karro'.l corner grocery and bar.
$37*i — Folfom-st. grocerj* and jug tar.
Saloons from $500 to .*SCCO.
Grocery and l.urs from ?."!50 to $4000.
Milk routes.'-?; bate ri shops, repair shops, car-
penter A.- blacksmith shops, coal & wood yards.
Cigar tt&r.is, •f'KiO to $1700.
" Millinery business, stationery and notion
stand.-; candy, soda water and ice cream par-
iors; xe?taurants and delicatessen Btands;
ramlirs, all kinds, with and. without fruit; of-
fices. bo_e*. apart nu-ntn. fiats and transient.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777»4 Market st.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Keamy Et.
Roadhouse near San Joso; large grounds and
fine trade, with good houro and barn.
Delicacy store; larjjo stock; range and" fix-
ture?: receipts S3O r-er day; $1100.
• J^arge i!»t of saloons and groceries from $300
to tSCOO.
Candy stores, delicatessen and icecream par-
lors at all prices.
Businesses to exchange for real estate and
lodsir.K-housee.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny Bt.
WATCHES— fI down and $1 a week; any kind
of ca*e or movements. RALPH & ED. 143
Powell St.. upstair*. \u25a0 -^
WATCH— & diamonds, jewelry, silverware and
sealskins on email weekly or monthly pay-
mentK RALPH & ED. 143 Powell, upstairs.
$423 — KOR sale — 7 dairy cows, 1 horse, wagon.
nra'.l milk route, which can easily be in-
creased; will also give u>" of I. "Hi-acre ranch,
near lively xawmill, mining town; rent free
for first 10 months. A. C. MAIER. Tuolumne,
Cal.
RARE theatrical opportunity; S30&0 to $0000
capital; established and making money; beau-
tiful interior ; object concentrating interests.
Particulars, TONY LUBELSKI, 57 Colum-
bian building. Pan Francisco.
TO lease — A brick plant; 40.0C0 capacity daily;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
nuiiur.-r first-class brlrk: unlimited quantities
of clay. Apply DR. IC. C. O'DONNELL,
1021 Vj Market st.; tel. South 622.
A PARTNER wanted; $500; light, genteel
manufacturing busineew;. many orders on
hand; value ln Right; thorough investigation 1
mvitel. Box 91SS. Call office. .
A PARTNER wanted with $200 In a long es-
tab'.lFhed, genteel business; will' pay $90
monthly to each; experience not: necessary;
r.hort hourc. Call 1027>4 Market St.; room 2.
STOCK companies incorporated; if. you .have
ttocks or bonds fcr sale, offer them through
me to' investors. GEORGE M. KELLOGG
broker. 345 - EHlcbtt Square. Buffalo. N. Y.
SALOON for sale; first-class location on Mar-
ket ' Ft. ; must be sold at once. See owner.'
1528 Market st. . . ...... , .. .. , ,
RESTAURANT: scats 32; -3 years' lease-- nice
trade; cheap rent: urgent business compels
me to go East. S. B. DALE. 1303*4 Castro. ,
CAFE to large .department store to rent; fine
chance for right party. For particulars ad-
dress box 8316. Call.
$900 — STORE and fixtures; ~ good business;
. must sell account sickness. 1755 Seventh st.,
Oakland. .. '
YOUNG man wishes partnership in first-class
i=aloon : experience and small capital. Box
Pll:'. Call.
FOR sale— Carpenter jobbing shop : with tools*
- and material; retiring on . account \u25a0 of age.'
: F. BISHOP. IC2O FlUmore et., San Francisco.-
TmjffcMiJ
JOIIX I). SPKECKKLS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXAUGIIT Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator W J" X" 1 '
aect You With the De^a-tir-tut r-u «»»•
Publication Office Market and Third. 6. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per J^***- n
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Wail. Including Postage (Caeh *.\un
DAILY CALL <!nclud. ac t ; unday). 1 vear -- s !'£J
DAILY CALL Cnclud. Sunday). « inos... «.w»
DAILY CALL— By Sinirle Month «'«•
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year f-JjX
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • •••••• 'pxtra
foreign l^l y -nil f5 vS Bg
POSTAGE. Vw"?klv "I 1.00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTH2 KIZEI>
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will b- forwarded when r*-
Quested. . .
Mail Fiibscribers la ordering "1««« o J:-fw
-rets Ehould be particular to giv« both *>f w
AND OLD ADDRESS ln order to insure- a
prompt and corrtsct compliance with weir r— -
BOC_,
OAKLAND OFFICE: .
1016 Broadway Telephone Main loss
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
I_s Park Street. Near Santa Clara Avenue.
Phone A"B.-r.e<ia 569.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tits Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JAAIES B. TYLER 4tl Colorado Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
Cdon Square; Murray mil Hotel; Filth-avenue
Hotel _nd Hofißian House.
CHICAGO NEVfS STANDS:
Eherraan House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremcct House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOGXESS, Marquette Building
CLcng UisLance Telephone. /'Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BT_7_E_ B. SMITH SO Tribune Bulldin*
». NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
.C. C CAP.LTON Herald Square
" £CSINEFS OFFICE of the Sin Francisco Call.
comer Market, and Third streets: open uaUI
12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
KKjS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 d. m.
S'ij Montgomery aye. ; oren until S p. in.
3CO Ha>-«s ttretft; open until 9:30 p. m,
t^y JRcAllister street; open urni! 9:."J0 p. m.
'£15 Larkin street; open unul 0:30 p. ra.
J f-1 1- Mission street; open until 1U p. m.
11W Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
V'l'G T_lencia ttre»-t; open until 9 p. nx.
JNortheset corner Church ar.d Duncan streets;
• open until 0 p. m.
1*8 : 'O r*!!*~~ncre street ; open until 9p. in.
-"O Sl-iSCIUBLRS LEAVtXG TOW.V
'. ' . ' FOB Tll_ SLMMIUU
- CALL 6-juKcribers contemplating; a
tbangr of residence <lm i\.- r ' tl»e rammn
months can have their paper forwarded
Iry mail to their new address by uotlfy-
itig Tilt: CALJL, BulaetM Office. This
-.>:\u25a0. -.i-r will a:->o be on sale at ::U sunimer
roorjL* and I* represented by a local
li^.-:.t in r.i! town-* vn the coast.
MEETOC "VOTICES.
•TO *he officers and mrrpbers -«--"'""""w_****-«_.
..of tiie Slavonic I. M. IJ. /'e|*l>feir > \
\ £oc:«;ty. — Special *and rpg u - / \
*lai> meotiiiK. will take pla< c JTr**^ *-^xT^-iJ
" i-HK.-iY EVENING, Auj. W*-«Si^!SS^4
\u25a0 -.as. 19i)."j, j»t our hall. AUa- \5 . - <b'S
.rar. bliTg.. 12b- O'Farrell st
"•" • "4n.-;eru;-it business wi'l cona b:»i>. via s>o-
• oie*S'<' Fine of •&<> "xsts lor r.cn-a.tter.danee.
."Uj; order "if G. il. BAXTICH, Prcs.
: '3. li. BILAFEIt. Rec. Sec.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
eGtPTE__St PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
. FAJCT^A special mt-eting of the stockhoU^rs
'/cf -tl-,« Southern Pacific Railroad Company
*'•• "^"ill fee held at the office or the" cempany. in
• \u25a0 r-scm l_ia. •in th« "Merchants' Exchangf
.I. t-iildirg. In the city and county of San
.. Krahcisco, lft the State of California, the
. i-.;:.f l-eing- the priheipai place cf tui>ine£S
, • <i tali 'corporation, &uC t*elng the building
. : *_ere the board of directors of said cori^jr--
tlon usually meet, eh the _sih day of August
• .-3.D0. at 'the. hour of 12 .o'clock nccn, to can-
•ic*-r anti ect upon the' proposiUo2is:
* Ffrst. to- fncrt-s6 the capitaj tiock of sail
."" ccrrtcrasion to cne hundred and tlxXf million
.cc?;ars (rUjO.OGO.uOO), end for thit purpose to
.%.1-a'tnd «utii.ie ;.'! o£ the articles of mcorpora-
i'ch tnd con£oli-_tion of thu company to
- read *s follow?:
"• "TJit amount cf .the capital stock of said
corj-ora-ticp ebail'be one nundred and sixty
'BJiKoa fioilcrs (iICOjOCQ.'C'jC). dirtded into
tr.t million six hundred thousand (1,000,W>&)
, »":t:.- c" the. par value or one hundred dol-
iai-E <$1UO) tach. wi;ic-h said amount' of c— pl-
tsi ftock" Coes not exceed the amount actual!/
; rtquired fcV the purposes cf tho said corpo.-a-
otlon, end is the amount actually required
\u25a0\ and ttsC,erta ined to be necessary for construct-
' I*^B." computing, equipping,- operating ani
• I2air.tair.in£ its road, tnd is so tstiniated Ly
. competent rr.gtW+TK as will aj-pear ty tuft
\u0084; writftn estimate of tuch engineers, du;y
•, »i£re l 4 ty them, and Cled in lhe office _nJ
; i-riDcipcl p!ac«s cf buslnees-'iforesaid ni said
. ccrpcr-tiou.'**
.. - Anc to emend paragraph third of arUcl*
• XII cf the b-aid articles to r»ad as follows-
"T!ie cuniber of directors of said con-
«cSd_ted torpcration thai! be eleven fll)
and the -mount .of the cspital stotk of said
: ccrj,crat:on ch&ii be one Jiundred and • sixty )
knJ-Ulm <3o:'._rs <fICO,COO,c ; 00>, which eaia i
.mmemat. of capital stock Is the amount ac- \u25a0
• /.•T-flally required fcr the j>-jiros*s cf eald cor- '•
pttration. and is thf- amount __£nal}» re '
' Bflred and ascertained t 0 be necessary for I
• construcung. cQr.-plef.ng. c-juip-iag. orerac-
\u25a0 \u25a0 lr.g ar.e -rmijftair.infc- its toaj. a n(j *\u25a0 fiO
I • «£tiir.ated ty cempfcunt essiae_ra »i v ill
'\u25a0 : «pt»t_r by the afcresaid written t-«'t:mate of
. .»wd-«-Er:nee.-s .duly -dncd by them and on
-t.t fea aforesaid, baid capital Ftcck cf said i
/corpcr-uon shall be divld.d ir.to _c '
. -til hunci-ed thousand <l.Xv.u(H>) thws :
\u0084. <*!<"C> each, cf which sa ; d shares o [ ».
- <. S p:: a l rtock the following have b fen E ub^
••criUd by B r.d allotted to the -tockho:d"rl
•cf ta^d conttiluent coi i>cratlo_. _ hSS«_
*.'.ur 6 et fort. 1 -, to wtt:" oerela-
-To the Kouthcrn Pacittc Railrcad com
par.y. lccorpotated. organized and ct^m^J
tt.<itr the lav.c cf lhe Slate of <-.nT *
• « C d .to it, rhnreholders.one^inton
• fourteen thousand two hundred and"Srtv-SSi
• . :tiV*:- ty ont - fcucdre<lihs «».«w "U «i.iu£; i
•To the Southern Pacific Railroad K-.
r«ny. lnccirorated. orger.lzf-d and ,-> ?\u25a0
ctdcr the laws cf the Territory £? l%* Uas
atfi to its rtcckholdcre, cue kundvfl* 00 *:
JS*SS^__S!^ Clae huodr^ «« «"y
•To the "Southern Pacific R»<jr«-^ -
p«ny of New Mexico, incorporat'i ™ i, Ccm Z
arc exieUng under the laws cf ihi
cf New Mexico and to it, £ tockh^ lory
•irt>'-*lgbt thousand tight hum?~. oj(ler * i *
«l*hty-eight (CS.SSS) shares'- CUndrt -J and
•The wvc-ral ttockho!der» O f
constituent corporations Ehall h«. a ° r e
tterc by the taid consolidated l, lfsUe<! t0
paid up shares cf the capita' .t?'u poraUon
ccnEolldated corporation out O f ,£ k of t5 >»
thereof subscribed by -and eiit-, , eh arei
ttoclihol-ers of their respective l ? lhe
corporations to the like amount c 2c 2 r -f t! t'Jent
tollar. tt their par value with «\u25a0'. ar . for
• .A the Ehares held by 6 uci, ° t^_,»^ ***«*
their respective constitueat coriJm. .. oeil! ln '
Therealtcr and eecondly. to cre-Tt I ' ol^- ' i
. -d Indebtedness cf said corporairir * bona - I
amount in the aggregate of one I \u0084„". °, "-• '
sixty million dollans <51W,0a0 oun? , ea an<l i
• coin ct the United States <a por'tlnn i n gol<l '
U to be used in retiring exist ins"?.^ V. eh
•. _ebtedces£). and to increase the h~ ?e5? e 5 ln '
idebtedncss of said corporation S?' , ia ~
amount ln the eggregate of one hun^^S ° 1 '
tVtty million dollars (JICO.Ooo ooo if** 1 an<l
t3in cT the United .States, and 'J7 '»
ta.l6 proposed bonded indebtedness \\ c
•mortgaee upon the railroads, franchise. = 5
property of the company now own-j ~\. d
tfter acquired, and the income theSLr c*e *
ruch pan thereof a* may be prescrisW* f r
the KiortecKe; and to determine the fo r m _ '5
terms cf eaid bonds and mortgage «™,, an . <1
authorize the Board of Director* to-fatf *.-}
tuch acticn as they may deem neceeKat-^ Tf
r txpedient in the premises. «._barj or
Dated the 2Sth day of June. 1905
By order of the Board of Directors'
J. I_ WILLcbTT
tecretary cf the Boutharn Pacific R_i?ro»rt
Company. ' \u25a0"* a
N T. SMITH.
E. E. CALVIN,
WILLIAM HOOD
I.,\V. HELLMAN* Jr.. I '
Dirtctcrt cf said Southern Pacific Railroad
Compas-f.THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL. WEDNESDAY,, AUGUST -1GM905.
11
HELP WANTED— MALE — Conttimed.
' ' LAUNDRYMEN. BELLBOYS. \u0084
38 laundrymen. all classes. $3, $2 50, $2 day..
Bell and elevator boys, different * Jobs $15,
- $20 and ' found. •'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-• . \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0' -^ : ' .'
MURRAY & ; READY. 634-636 Clay st. .
MISCELLANEOUS.
19 boys, learn trades. $4. $5, $6 week.
; 18 boys or young men, -city factories., $5, $6,
v. $7 -and $8. -\u25a0':\u25a0\u25a0 ," \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.- .-•, , \u25a0-• \u25a0
Young man. drive butcher wagon, 16c fare,
\u25a0. ' $25 and . found. ' :/
.Barber, country.
• 2 men with mechanical Ideas, city, $2 to
'\u25a0 -$2 25 day. > : \u25a0 -
Cook, city saloon, $45 and found. ..
20 teamsters, city and country Jobs, $2 25 day.
: ARE YOU A BOY?
25 boys to work in box factory. $32 50 fd.
.'\u25a0:' - . BUTCHERS. ': ;\u25a0
i Butcher,- all-round man, $75 and room. ..
-\u25a0-. Sausage-maker,- fare $3, $35 and found.
:'4: '4 butchers, all-round men, , $45 • and $35 fd.
::\u25a0--'-- ... MARRIED.-;" 1 " ; -
. Man and wife for mine, man as laborer;: wife
cook for men, $65 and found.
Fanner and wife, fruit farm, $52 60 found.
Farmer and wife, 5 people, $45 and found.
Man and wife, chicken ranch. "fare $1, $10 fd.
Cook and wife, city restaurant, $70 and fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
. FOR A FACTORY.
Steady jobs " year round.
26 laborers, general manager here, $00.
12 laborers, city factory. "52 25 day.
' $75 MONTH. -\u25a0\u25a0 :
25 laborers for a lumber company, $75 mo.
FREE FARE— I 4 miles away.".
85 laborers, $60. ; ; ;
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Teamsters and horses to work on
the construction of the levee being built on
the Crocker ranch near Colusa, Polusa Co.,
Cal.; horses with harness will b« hired by
the month straight time. Apply on the work
or 26 Montgomery st, room 14.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare I for
positions in new postof flee; clerks and car-
riers; excellent opportunities; free partlcu-
. lars. \u25a0 Pacific Correspondence Institute, 1095
j Mkt. Internal revenue examinations soon.
LEARN telegraphy and P.. R. accounting; $S0
to Sl5O per month galary paid our graduates;
our six schools indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy, 26 O'Farrell st
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops In
August; special rate tickets now ready;
ccme early as only a limited number can be ;
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
. tery st. ' ' ; - ' ' " : ' '-
WANTED — Jewelry salesman; must ba thor-
oughly posted' on Jewelry and plated -ware;
state references, experience and salary 1 ex-
\u25a0 pected to box 9318. Call.
WANTED — Thoroughly • experienced clothing
salesman; in making application state where
: previously employed and salary expected.
Box 9317. Call.
WANTED — Men and I women to prepare for
postoffice,' custom-house, bookkeeper and other
government positions; particulars free. Pa-
cific Correspondence Institute, 1095 : Market
MEN to learn tha barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learning: .call or write. Glllman's Bar-
ber College, 627 Clay at., near Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to" know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night
WANTED— Men and boys 16 years and older.
Apply AMERICAN CAN CO.. Seventh and
Townaend sts. \u25a0 - . \u25a0 - .
WANTED — Blacksmith, wheelwright, horse-
shoer and carpenters. Apply 26 Montgomery
St., room 14. i '
WANTED — Name and address of every person
who wants a good Ufa position In the Oov-
ernment service. Box 8191. Call.
EXPERIENCED can cappers wanted imme-
diately at California Canneries Company,
425 Brannan st
WANTED — Men to . fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
; trio light In every room. (iSI Howard, nr. 3d.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks: sit
guar.; tuition earned while learning. Meier's
: System of Colleges. 642-644 Clay at. .
MEN to learn barber trade: situations guaran-
teed. 8. F. Barber College. 741 Howard et.
SAILORS ordinary seamen, for Sound, south
.sat. New York, Europe. Lane's, 604 Davis.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
ea. Apply box 8044. Call office.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Qeo. H.Thomas Post. G.-.A..R...1
MEN to go on ohlps to Australian and otber
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart at.
MEN wanted at 105 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 mln., 75c
LABOR debts collected;, suits,- attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d at, r. 522.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 017 Jackson st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, nr. Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c ' night; reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND 'surrey, 2-seated Chicago
road cart, 10-passenger wagonette, bike
buggy and rubber-tire carriage cheap at 600
Golden Gate aye. \u25a0 \u25a0
A — FOR sale — 11 good young horses weighing
from' llso to 1400 lbs.; also two good brood
mares. 411 Sixth st :
15 FINE top: wagons from $63 up; all kinds
delivery wagons, rubber-tire runabouts, carts
and business buggies. 1606 Folsom Et. .
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO..
,211 Larkln st, San Francisco. • *
AUCTION sale of .horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at ;
BARGAIN in a fine rubber-tire Victoria and
rubber-tire doctor'a buggy. 1503-5 Folsom st.
FOR sale at 1375 Eddy st.— Black saddle horse,
aaddle and bridle, cheap.,
Al EXPRESS : wagon.' light camping wagon
and frocart* for sale, cheap. 532 Mission at
HOUSES TO v LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgmy.
FIVE sunny rooms and. bath; all modern Im-
provements; 'rent $20. 212*^ Fourteenth st, ;
near Howard. ' . , \u25a0 .
CAPP, 332 — House of 7 rooms and stable.
BROADWAY, 1932, near Laguna — S rooms,
bath, laundry; fine marine view; $40. -
A HOUSE ,to let; suitable for contractor; 9-,
rooms; stable. : 112.-*- Sutter et.
COTTAGES TO LET. ' \u25a0..';-'
NEW. 5-r6om: cottage ;>' modern. Improvements;
fronting on park: rent, s2o. - Apply to owner;
JOHN T. GRAHAM, northwest • corner of
- Preclta' aye. and Alabama' st. '\u25a0 ' ,
TO; LET--FURNISHED. ~
$120— HANDSOMELY~~f urnlshed 5-room , apart-
ment .and 1 -.maid's ;•' room,-, with separate'
' bath; . finest apartment house \u25a0 in :- city; park
opposite. BOARDMANvBROS. -&: CO., 138
Montgomery . st . - .'\u25a0 - ' .<'.*' .-,-;•
INVALID CHAIRS.
EOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt: tel. Park 775.
LOST ; AND v FOUND:
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society v of , San 'Franeisco ; In 'the
. name of PATRICK or MARY , E. FURLONG,
No. \u25a0" 76-644: The finder will • please return to
\u25a0'.bank,- •....\u25a0 .\u25a0'?\u25a0': Av--:-.'";. :*\u25a0'•\u25a0 - ; ".'.•.-'-. : •\u25a0->'\u25a0 '\u25a0 ">\u25a0.
LOST — A; pass book with the Hibernla" Savings
-andlLcan- Society of \u25a0 San Francisco In "the
, ' name, of Ernest- Brandt ;\u25a0 No." 249-1376. - The
.; finder- will please return. to- bank."jtsS3&E3s«C6'S6
LOST— A pass book. with the Hibernla Savings
; and Loan i Society of San R Francisco . in > the
name of Mary i Meehan, t No., 250-036. v The
'finder; will: please return: to bank. \u25a0\u25a0:,,
LOST— In ; children's ; playground, a light - tan
v fur-collar,, lost; mi waitlnx. room; or In; din-
ing-room :•;•; of /.j, the ; restaurant; \u25a0 SlO " reward.
1642 ;Oxford» at.,: Berkeley.^ . ! . ->'. \u0084•.- -.;. -:
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
-:\u25a0:\u25a0 and '.'\u25a0 Loan *\u25a0 Society < of \u25a0 San . Francisco • in * tha
a narce of \u25a0 LOUIS , KYLE, . No. 200-141. "; Tha
,•/ flnder'.wlllsplease; return- to ,; bank, .j- \ \u25a0• :., \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.
LOST— A pass, book with -the Hibernla Savings
\u25a0 and ; Loan .Society f of - r San Francisco in the
name of ARTHUR EDO AR * WARD; No. 275-
';\u25a0;_ 522. i. The. flnderi will please return; to. bank.*./
LOST— Lady's 1 gold: watch,-;' crest,' onv'sniultt.'
X bet": Geary.; and "> Powell, \u25a0 Tenth -, and" Market
: sts.' .'". Return *to 239 ' Geary , st ; \u25a0 reward. - ; - ; ,
LOST— Vicinity .,'; Devlßadero V and _ Grove sts. ;
\u25a0 • brown V fur ;boa: >• reward.' .1 Olive ; Hotel, • 899
it. Pine st.'.*; r00m.45. •\u25a0„".;,;•\u25a0;. : :;' : '"v : :-v, .'..:\u25a0.:.;.:
LOST — Diamond ; ring: •; bet. - Vallejo i; and \u25a0 Mar-
\u25a0"' •: ket '. ets. : ; Claude's ? Saloon,'; 35 •; Hinckley f st ; '•
':-:'\u25a0 reward. .;\u25a0'\u25a0. .;.:..:.\u25a0•' -;. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'.•'•. .- -..':,- ', .'\u25a0 . "\u25a0 \u25a0;;\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -. : "-;.- ',-. -\u25a0 ;.:.;..
c"^ LAUNCHES FOR i HIKE. . -.;
'cir A'r McNEILL "i LAUNCH tCO ri foot * of : Clay
i : ;, at. tor pleasure and ' business ; tel. Bush 534,"
BARBERS, ETC.— Contlnurd.
BARBER wanted — Wednesday eve., .Saturday
at't. and Sunday; shop to let. 2013 Folsom.
LAn Y barber, long experience, would like po-
fc-tlon; city or country. Box 911 S. Call.
~~~ izzm ~-
GOOD opening for a barber at 411 Spear st.
$7C— 1 -chair barber chop for sale, good business
location, bargain. Coleman, 311 J. Flood Bi^.
BARBER shop in Mission District; doing good
business; price $125. Box S9S3. Call.
$250— 3-CHAIR barber shop north of Market
St.; good location; retiring. Box 6614, Call.
FOR sale — Good barber shop; 2 chairs; run-
ning 1 chair steady. 3147 Twenty-fourth st
HELP WANTED — 3IALE.
AT C. R. HANEEN & CO.'S. 429 Bush at.
Night clerk, country hotel, $25; all-around
cook, small hctel, Shasta County, tare paid,
$40 found; waiter, country restaurant, $s
week found; waiter, small country hotel, $23
found; bus boy, $.;i5; bellboy. *15; man to
work around bakery. ?2."> found, same coun-
try hotel, free fare; porter who can milk 1
cow, country hotel, $25 found; bakers' help-
ers; helpers on cake, dty,s6-$7 week; laun-
drymen, country, $30-$4O-sttO and found; boy
for hat stand; boy for gents' lavatory, city;
man and wife, private place, country, party
here, $50 found; boy learn hotel business,
one who writes a good hand and can type-
write, country, free fare, $20 found; milker,
Monterey County, party here, $85 found;
farmhand, handy with carpenter tools, $1 25
day found.
Attention! Company work! Free fare!
13 tunnelmen for a new R, R. tunnel. $2 60
day, board only $4 60 week; ship to-day.
For a new electric R. R. Fara only 400.
10 scraper teamstera and scraper loader*,
$2 25 day.
20 teamsters. Coluea County, $2 40 day.'
Single and double hand drillers. Alameda
County. $2 25 day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st
A— AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 833.
C-A-R-P-E-N-T-E-R-S*
15 carpenters, north, $105; 10 carpenters, 600.
fare $3 50; 3 carpenters, $1; 15 carpenters,
north, PART FREE FARE, $97 60 to $105;
10 cart-enters. SOUTH. $3 50. These are
all long Jobs.
15 CARPENTERS, GOLD DREDGE. $85 fd.
— — E-N-G-I-N-E-E-R-S — —
3 ENGINEERS, HOIST. $90 to $105.
2 ENGINEERS. GASOLINE HOIST. MINE
at TONOPAH, NEV., FREE FARE, $90 fd
M-I-S-C-E-L-L-A-N-E-O-U-S
FREE FARE— C BOSS HERE— Steady Job.
25 laborers, $60; 15 drillers, $67 50.
SAWMILLS YARDS—' — -WOODS.
1325 men for all kinds of this work. Wa
want thousands of farmers, milkers, labor-
ers, teamstera, cooks, fruit pickers. R. R.
men, muckers, miners, etc.
10 laborers, help carpenters, $47 50 fd.; 8
MACHINE miners. $90; 5 hand miners, $75.
E-L-E-C-T-R-I-C
Power co., NORTH, fare refunded; com-
pany work, no discount no contract,
85 laborers, you'll do, $45 to $50 fd.
AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642— COMMERCIAL 5T.— 642
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY (Inc.).
625 Washinsrton St. Phone James 830 L
SPECIAL.
4 millwrights, build large smelter, $4 day,
9 hours,
6 miners, same place, $2 76 day.
FREE FARE.
6 drillers and laborers, $2 25 day.
OREGON.
25 miners. $2 75 day; Al elace.
6 machine miners, $3, S hours.
Rough carpenters, $3, steady work.
Blacksmiths'' helpers, $2 and fd.
LARGE POWER COMPANIES.
30 laborers, $67 50; fare refunded.
Teametere, Butte County, $75; new electrio
raad.
DRILLERS.
50 drillers, open cut, $2 25; build road to
mines.
Laborers, sawmill Mendodno Co.. $37 fd.
Shasta County, $45 fd.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS 1 EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY (Inc.).
635 Washington St. Phone James 3301.
CREAMERY man, no milking, $75 month-
bookkeeper for lumber company, $50 and
board; farmer and wife, fare advanced, $50
and found: man about plaoe, $30 and found;
laundryman for hotel, $30;. butcher, country
shop, $40 and found; carpenters. $3 50 day;
hook tender, $40 and found; chore boy, $13
and found; and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. .
COOK and wife, country hotel, $75; dishwash-
er and wife, $45; waiter and wife, $50; wait-
ers, kitcbenman. pantryman. $35; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
711 Mission St., Near 3d; and C 23 Washing-
ton Et, Near Kearny.
Carpenters, $3 to $3 50, railroad company.
GO TO-DAY. RAILROAD CARPENTERS.
Carpenter, city, $3.
Men to lath. 25c hundred, city. f-^.-J , /
Men to sick almonds, $30 and fd.
Tunnel men, comsany work, $2 60.
Muckers, company work, $2. -
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 817 Stockton St.
Fry cook, $C 5; 3d cook (French), $60; cook
(email restanrant), $55; waiter (plain ho-
tel), $35; young man to learn waiting, $23;
waiter, $40; potwasher (institution), $20
fd. ; kitchen hand, $7 a week; French
laundrymen, $35 and $25; assistant con-
fectioner $40; second butler, $40; porter
for family hctel, $20 fd.
COOKS, waiters, bakers, pastry « cooks or
pantrymen looking for work in open hotels,
restaurants, resorts and bakeries, come and
register with our association; no fee what-
ever charged for obtaining situations, as we
deal only with clients who are our mem-
bers. Call and investigate. It will be to your
Interest Room 318, James Flood building.
HAVE YOU EVER PICKED HOPS ON YOUR
VACATION? TRY IT THIS YEAR BY
BEGINNING AT THE RIGHT PLACE.
THE FINEST HOP RANCH IN THE
STATE AT HOPLAND. TRANSPORTA-
TION LOW. EVERY CONVENIENCE FOR
PICKERS. REGISTER EARLY, AS PICK-
ING BEGINS BOON. FULL PARTICU-
LARS AT
AMERICAN HOP AND BARLEY CO.,
227 CALIFORNIA ST.
WANTED— For U. 8. army, able-bodied un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 33;
citizen* of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and writa English. For information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
W ANTED— Experienced dry gcods floor man-
ager. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'.
WANTED — Young man from IS to 20 years of
age to learn the dry goods .business. Apply
between 9 and 11 a, m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Office man; muet be good mathe-
matician and a first-class systematlzer; state
age, experience, salary expected and where
\u25a0previously employed. Apply 9326 Call.
WANTED — Youths 17 years and past as stock
Clerks and wrappers. Apply 'superintendent' s
olflce. The Emporium. -
WANTED^ — In wholesale house, bright boy
about 16 years of age; references required.
Apply box 9121, Call. • >;
WANTED — Practical farmer and wife wlth-
• out children; Napa County; permanent: good
home. 405 Montgomery st.,- room .24. ;
WE still want live young artists In our de-
signing departm*nt; bring sample. VARNEY
& GREEN. 7 Tenth st. '
OPERATORS on ladles' sklrta. D. M. DAV-
IDEON & CO.. 52 First at ' . '\u25a0 .
A GOOD tailor wanted for bushellm?. 877
Butter, near Leavonwortb.
FIRS.T-CLASS tailor on coata. 229 Stev-
enson fit
BOY wanted; to work in grocery store. Call
0593 Sacramento st \u25a0 \u25a0 -
BARBER wanted: steady; first-class man. 2004
Phattuck aye., Berkeley. "
YOUNG man with some experience In butcher
business. ISO 4 Waller st \u25a0
WANTED — Tailors, bushelman. National
Tailors. SO California st.
PANTS presser and assistant presser. \u25a0 744
Market, room 27. ' . .
DISHWASHER wanted. 900 > Brannan at
ccr. Elshth.
HELPER on bread with some experience. 1794
Halght. , VV . \u25a0.'.-\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0.-
MAN to clean vegetables; $15 and found. \u25a0• CSO
Howard st" . - . .
WANTED— A boy to run errands and ani-Jst In
pressing on pants. 36 Geary et, room 33. •. •
WANTED — A boy as waiter at Golden Gate
Oyfter-housc, 324 Larkln st. ; call bet. 10-11.
WANTED— Ordinary and able seamen. THOM-
AS MURRY. 510 Davis, shipping, agent., -
FIKST-CLAES pants maker to work by week;
steady work; good wages. Box 0110. Call.;
WANTED— Four good - waiters : . must ' be first-
class; $50 month. .' Apply 35 and 37. Geary, at.
CASH boys v.-anted. Apply at S.N. WOOD &
C0.5.;740 Market «t_: *4 «. week. f. -,--• ;•-;...
HELP WANTED—MALE-— Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY, .034-636 Clay st '
Phone Main 5848. --.
OFFICE HOURS. 7 A. M. TO 10 P. M.
This new system gives- employers a chance
to phone use until 10 p. m.
Likewise
All can call after their day's work.
-\u25a0-\u25a0-: Our Own Printing -". '\u25a0":\u25a0\u25a0
• Plant issues our free list of positions four
times daily — 7 a. m., 10 a. m., 1 p. m.~; --;
4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT \u25a0>•\u25a0£
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS. TO
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor -Agents, ' •
- Phone Main 6848. \u25a0
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK. -
We gave In lftC4 190 ft we hope to
64.000 men work. increase 64,000.
\u25a0 Wo do not supply female help, but we do
supply ra*n and wives for all classes o£ work.
WE SPEAK THE
German. French,- Italian. Portuguese. Span-
ish, i Slavonian, Scandinavian and Greek • lan-
guages. ..
FREE FARE. GOING SOUTH. 6. P. R. R.
155 LABORERS.
GREAT CROWDS GOING. ARE- TOUT
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay at.
' CARPENTERS. . -
CARPENTERS. . .
12 carpenters, 8 hours, build bams, ato., fara
60c; $00.
12 lumber car builders, fare $3, $90.
Shingle packer, south, $50 and found.
Blacksmith, country, clubhouse, $40 found.
NEVADA STATE.
19 carpenters, plain Government work; ham-
mer and hatchet men will do; $105 month.
12 rough carpenters. Placer County, $90.
Carpenter, mine, fare $3, $3 50 day.
9 carpenters, construction work, factory, $105
month; fare $1 10. ; • .
6 rough carpenters, hammer and hatchet men,
city. $2 50 day. -
Carpenter, rough work, mine, far* $3 50,
south, $3 50 day.
Bench hand, planing -mill, north, $3 50 day.
FOREMAN CARPENTER.
For Government work, Nevada, $4 day.
Blacksmith, Government camp work, $60 fd.
W'heelwrlght Government camp work, $60 fd.
12 hammer and hatchet carpenters, fara $3,
$90.
Cabinet-maker, $4 day. ' • "'
PLUMBER AND PArNTEH.
Plumber. fare 60c. $3 60 Cay. •
2 machine blacksmiths, city Job.
3 sticker men, plstitipg-mm, city Job, $4 day.
FOREMAN CARPENTER, city office bldg,
$4 50 day.
Also a good carpenter, same place, $3 60
day.
4 carpenters, city, plain frame work, 8 hours,
f 4 day. ,
Carpenter, city, rough work, $3 day.
Cooper, - large tanks, $4 to $5 day.
Plumber and tinner, fare $3, No. 1 Job, $3 60
day.
Handy man with carpenter's tools, city, $3
day.
Tank builders, 60c fare. Redwood, $4 60 day.
12 box nailers, factories, $2 25 day.
4 mattress makers, city Jobs.
4 solderers, 25c hour, fare $2 60; boss here.
9 weavers on blankets. - "
Machine hand, run sticker, ' fare 75c, $4 day.
Sticker hand, mill, south, $3 60 day.
8 cornice makers, fare paid, $4 day.
MECHANICAL.
18 BRICKLAYERS.
For Seattle; your fare paid; usual wages. -
Blacksmith, structural work, No. 1 Job.
26 blacksmiths, horseehoers, etc, $4, $3 60,
$3, $2 50 day. , - .
20 slack coopers, $40 and found.
Sealer, lumbar company, $75; offbearer,
$S2 50.
12 car builders, lumber company, $00; 4
6hlnglers, straight roof, walls, $75 M; shin-
gle packer, south, $50 f d. ; blacksmith,
country clubhouse, fare paid. $40 and fd.
Turner band 6awyer, fare $1; $2 £0 day.
Machine hand, country planing mill, $3 60/
Band sawyer; fire $1; $3 50 a day.
Wood turner, planing mill, fare $1, $3 60.
Screw turner, big carriage L. Co.; $80 fd.
6 graders, lumber company, $90. $ .
2 cutoff sawyers, $2 50 to $2 75 a day.
Timber feller, lumber company, $05 found.
Lumber pller and grader, fare $3, $45 found.
Plasterer, $4 to $5 a day.
Furniture shaper hand, city mill.
Beltman, repair belts, factory, $3.
Planerman, city planing mill, $2 50 to $3.
Planing mill man, run band saw, $3.
65 BRIDGE CARPENTERS. $3 60 a day.
U. 8. Government. 2 years' work.
Contract given Murray & Ready to supply
labor exculslvejy.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA: ARIZONA.:
S. P. R. R. gives us special fare. $11.
General manager here. Are you going?
We will want several thousand men for dif-
ferent Jobs there. See us now.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES CITY, « ~
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers,
where the sun shines year round, a man
can work every day.
Contract to supply help and excluslva rate
of $5 fara given Murray & Ready.
FARE $5.
155 teamsters, $2 to $2 25 day.
155 laborers, 8 hours' work, $1 75 to $2 day.
Board themselves in hotels.
FOR WOODEN BRIDGE WORK.
65 men to help on wooden bridges, $2 50 day.
SECTION R. R. WORK.
155 foreigners, $1 60 day; houses and water
furnished, ' board themselves.
LOOK.
66 laborers, shovel work. $175 to $2 day.
LOS ANGELES CITY,
MURRAY & . READY,
634-636 Clay st.
— \u25a0- "-—— ~" " . . \u25a0 .
SHIP CARPENTERS.
BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS BUILD BOATS.
CARPENTERS. BUILD DREDGES.
ALL FREE FARE. . .
$4 DAY— WAGES— S4 DAY.
25 young men who can help carpenters.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
CALL EARLY AND SEE HIM.
STEADY JOBS YEAR AROUND.
MURRAY- & READY, 634-636 Clay st
ARE YOU PORTLAND, 655 Woodsmen
GOING? OREGON. 655 Millmen."
$60 MONTH. $67 50 MONTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE. _ .
ARE YOU A DRILLER?
25 men, open cut work; It's steady; $67 80.
FEE $1-,THAT-S ALL.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at. -
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Special R. R. Fare, $2 76.
'25 teamsters (can drive 2 horses), $67 60.
Ha is here — general manager — SEE HIM
MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE TO
TUNNELS. TUNNELS. TUNNELS
65 tunnelmen, free fara, - $C 7 60. '
35 drillers and hammersmen, free fare
$67 60. '.: . \u25a0 "
125 laborers or muckers, $60.
64 tunnelmen; are you one? $2 50 to $2 75
day. . . . - . -.
MURRAY. & READT, 634-636 Clay st.
65 FRUITPICKERS, $30 and found. Anybody
who eat fruit can pick ; fruit; $30 per
month and found; fee $1, that's all
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD MINES. ' . ' \u25a0 -. "
SILVER MINES.
95 miners, single, double and machine hands'
all ovar California, New Mexico, - Arizona',
Nevada. $105. $90. $82 50, $75.
75 muckers, laborers, carmen ' and men to
learn mining, $75 and $60. - v ."- !; -.
TO QUARRIES— FREE FARE
66 laborers, drillers and hammersmen, $67 60
month. -; . -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.; .
-, WOODCHOPPERS.
' 156 woodehoppers,.: different places, . for
mines, ranches, \u25a0 lumber .- companies etc
$1 50, $1 75, $2 60 cord, some by. the month"
$50 and found. • \u25a0\u25a0 *"
MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay st.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS. :
365 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs
, soma in San Francisco, $2, $2 25, $2 60 day-
come and cc« us. .\u25a0 : . ' - d ,
: v> FARM, ORCHARDS, -ETC.
65 general ranch hamls. $30, $35. $40 found
HARVEST. AND HAY-BALING HELP -
86 men. different; positions,. $1 60, $2 and
$2 50 day and found. . . . .. : ; -.»
. 12 hay-balers, different places, 15c, 16c, 23c
ton. • ta9a*Kgaag*g^atf-as''3*'^t#-'--- \u25a0
CHORE MEN \u25a0 AND BOYS.
• 67 men' and boys for chores, $13,520, $25, $30
and found. ' \u25a0 /\u25a0.-•, . ' ..
v DAIRYMEN.
: .-'. 26 milkers, butter and cheese makers $30
i $35, $40 and found. - . \u25a0• -
FREE TO j SAWMILLS AND .WOODS. ->
' 365 laborers, fare ' paid, you'll suit, $35, $40
$45 and. found. .' V. ••>. -
: 126 experienced '\u25a0\u25a0, woodsmen, - x millmen, from
i piling lumber to manager of ••:•: mills . and :
| ; woods, $35, $40. $50. $00, $70. . $80. , J9O. $125
-month and found ;' come and see us. . :
. STABLEMEN.; -
C 26 : stablemen,' different 1 - Jobs, $35 'and found
*"". t0 ,560. $75. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•::.'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-'.••* \u25a0 r-v \u25a0\u25a0' ' V-- . ;..
; ' MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS. .COOKS.' COOKS/.
• 45 cooks, ; different places." . $00, $75, $50, $10
\u25a0' '.- and: found./ :.-\u25a0-. -. \u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 -- . .•.-..-.
\u25a0;*'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 WAITERS, WAITERS.':
• 26 waiters, ' different places," 1 - $15, $40, $30 -
\u25a0/ --^ -J2.V- and - found.-..-. --tV:.' . , . /.ii.-,- •\u25a0..'.*
DISHWASHERS. - PORTERS • BEDMAKERS.-
.30 dishwashers 'different. Jobs, = $35, $30,' $25,
S2O, and; found. .-'"-, ,
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS*
If you want a Home or make money. se'*9C
lot-i In a location that has the brightest futura.
Wa can positively supply that "Want"
Lots In New Block iust being graded oa
Point Lcbos. 32.1 and 31th Avenues, also C
and B Streets.
Unobstructed View of Ocean. Park *ad
Spreckcls Lake from every lot.
Choicest lots! Lowest prices! Easiest Termat
Cars pass tha property! See them at oncat
Call for Diagrams and Prices.
Oceanslde * Branch Office, Corner H St. aotf
Forty-seventh Aw.
Open Daily and Sundays.
$250, $SOO to $1350— Sunset and Oceanstda lota
and fronting Ocean Boulevard. Eaay terma.
$100 to $330 — Excelsior Homestead and Ocoaa
View lots, near ears. $5 monthly.
Modern 4 and 5 room cottages: good locations;
all bargains: easy terma.
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Daaltn*.
Room 64. Fourth floor. Chronlcla Bldg.
LOOK— Only $3C23 needed to pnrchasi" tnii
$4325 property; 8 fine fiats on John st,
off Mason, bet. Jack ton and Pacifies
mortgage of $1300 can remain.
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT NST.
$25.000 — A boslaeaa Investment poylas oirar &
t er cant nat; a few atepa from beat
transfer corner In Western Addition:
store* and fiats entirely new and leased
with privilege of renewal at Increased
rents; larga roomy lot. allowing plenty
of light; will alwaya be rested and para
well.
BALPWTN A HOW-ELL. 28 Poat at.
BUT ONB BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE* IS PRICB
$1.23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$223 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level aa a billiard tab>: on grade:
close to school and Mlsslon-st electric cars:
bound to double in valua.
$400 each on Installments of $10 p«r month;
no taxes; fine lota; near Ocean boulevard; beat
residence location south of Golden Gate Park;
these are tha cheapest lets in thla district;
advancing in price raoWly.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
29 Montgomery st. r. S. Phona Main 5704.
$S5O^ — CHEAPEST business comer In Point
Richmond; NW cor. Ist and Blsaelt ay«.. 60
xll2: owner must sell; lot la well wortA
$1200; will sell for $13f*> befora 1 year. Par-
ticulars J. W. LAYMANCE. «532 Market
Street.
50 FEET front on Folsom st. 2198 Folsom.
NW. cor. Eighteenth, with a fine new build-
ing 16 months old: 2 nev fiats fronting on
Eighteenth st. : call and see tha property.
WILLIAM FOLEY.
WANTED — To buy unimproved property north
or south of G. O. Park: plats of several lota
together preferred; will pay. cash for property
In right locations. J. C. STUART. 1406-T
Call bldg. '
TO sell — Several splendidly located lots; marina
view; south of G. G. Park; cheap for cash.
J. C. STUART. 1406-7 Call bldg. _
DON'T build before Investigating Marshall A
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aronaon bldg.. 84 Third st
BARGAIN — Handsome modern 14-room house.
Including furniture. «7000. 4230 Twentieth.. .
ONE block from Ocean Boulevard on 4Sth aye.:
excellent building lot; bargain. Bex S6C9. Call
FREE— Our booklet on plambins:: write AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — Fo* Sale.
™ T~wTj. white company.
Successors to*
WHITE A BAYLEY.
$1600 — 23 acres. \u25a0 3 miles 2 towns, Sonoma,
County 15 acres, almost level; 10 on. hillside;
fine oak trees; 2 wells; creek; fine soil; 2 acrea
orchard; modern ft- room cottage, large barn;
« poultry houses and yards; broodar-hous«;
fenced 4 fl«lds; cow, farming tools; all build-
ings and utensils new; all cash.
J1750— 10 acres near Sebastopol In berries
ami fruit- house barn, outbuildings; cloa*
to electric cars; only $750 down.
$200 -down — 160 acres, 2 miles Anderson;
main road; fine soil, rolling; soma oakj; fruit
tr*«s; old improvement*; fbifi.
$3000 — ft acred. 20 minutes' walk of depot.
Redwood City; good «-room house, brooder-
house, capacity 1CC0; Incubator bouses; good
well; 3 acres orchard: eaa. terma.
$35CO— Fine ccmer at Callstoga: level black
loj.m, 4 acras; modern 6-room and bath resi-
dence, stable, corrals, poultry houses and
yards- Bank of Calistcga off«ra to lend $2300.
$3500— £0 acres. tO milea city; ltj acres full
bearing vineyard: 3 acrea choica fruit; 53 acres
heavy crop grain; 4-room cottage, larga barn,
full of hay; poultry and brooder houses;
T7agon, buggy, harness, span good hones.
tools; all level; crop goes If taken quick. \u25a0
$45C0— 114 acrea near San Jose, foothill land;
fine soil large family orchard; all in Una crop
of «raln: house, barn and necessary outbuild-
ings; water piped to buildings; only $500 down;
you pay for »p»*ring out the papers.
$1500—173 acrts. 3 milea of Hay wards: . roll-
ing and half under cultivation: neat ti-roora
hcuaa: large bam: wail fenced and cross-
fenced; water piped to buildings; near school;
part cash.
X 35.000 — Bast equipped dairy In Oregon; 1000
! acras fina soil; ICO acrea bottom in alfalfa;
every foot grain land; 4 acrea orchard; '£ hard
finished dwelllnsrs; larsa stable for hor»«»:
barn and sheds for cattle; several hundred
tans hay; lIS fina milch cows. S3 heifers, ate;
14 horses and harness, farm wagons, railic
wagons, tools; income $14,000 a year; $10,000
down; 2 rnlleo of town.
S«nd stamp for large Printed List.
26 Montgomery st. room S.
Property . Exchange a Specialty.
" BURR-PADDON COMPANY.
"CUT RATE" REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
' Our prlcea on ranch?* are lower than those of
any other firm In California.
CALL ON US AND BE CONVINCED.
$3000 — Reduced from $4000 for quick sala, BO
' acrea rich land. 40 acrea in full bearing or-
chard, apples, near Watsonvllle. Santa Crua
County; half mile from town; rural fre« da-
livery; good 7-room house; fine out buildings;
windmill, income $1750; an elegant lncom*
home.
AGED WIDOW COMPELLED TO SACRIFICE
$5200—57 acres; 2*4 miles of Newcastle.
1 Placer County. 42 acres full bearing orchard.
2 good dwellings, many outbuildings, water
' piped everywhere, all farming Implements and
stock Included: free delivery of butcher, grocer
and mail only $2200 cash; worth $3000.
' $12,600—163 acres richest land m tha Pajaro
Valley, near WatsonvUle. 60 acrea bearing ap-.
plea but varlety:23 acrea alfalfa land. 7-roora
residence, completely furnished; $100 piano. 4
horses. 2 cowa. 40 Angora goats, wagon, bug-
gies and all Improvements: blacksmith shop:
this place pays 20 par cent on $17,C00 and la a,
i genuine bargain.
$2200—11 acrea richest land, almost sur-
rounded by a beautiful lake all In bearing ai>-
ples. 3 mllea from Watsonrllle: $500 down.
STOCKMEN t INVESTOR!
"0 500 acres In Sacramento Valley, S miles
i from county seat: railroad and water trans-
portation to San Francisco; 8000 acrea produced
$100,000 wheat crop ona year; finest tract In
California for subdivision; only $1 p«r acra.
down; will subdivide.
Get Our List of Pajaro Valley Lands.
BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery at.
- San Franclaco. Cal.-. .
FOR sale— Elegant farm of . S5 acres; ehoica
fruit land: SCOO treea in bearing; 50 acrea in
prunes, apricots, pears, plums and peaches
and a family orchard, comprising 2 acres oi
lemons, apples, .walnuts, figs, almonds, nee-
. tarlr.es. olives. etc;*aU In first-class condi-
tion; the Improvements consist of 2 cot-
tages, furnished complete, barn, frulthousa,
storehouse, windmill with large tank, and
wall and spring water aufflcient for all pur-
poses and water piped to the house: a grovs
of large Uva oak treea about the cottages:
suitable for summer resort, sanitarium or
private home; two hours by rail from city to
the farm: climate unexcelled; must b« seen
to be appreciated. For further particulars ap-
ply : to box SB2O. Call office.
33 ACRES rolling land; fin* gariaa; fruit fjr
family use; 6-roorn hard finished house,
basement and bath: fine steal range; hot and
cold water; tin* larga barn; water piped
over place; 10CO young liana, lncubatara and
brooders: feed and poultry housea; every-
thing pertaining to poultry business; .3
horses and harness, farm wagon and buggy:
2 cows; some farm tools; 10 tons hay In
barn: a- nice Income home for $6000; 23
: miles from city. Box 9036. Call office.
ALFALFA irrlsatcd lands. $25 per acra; $1
down. *1 month: no Interest: call or writ*
for pamphlets. INDEX LAND AND BONt>
CO.. 907 Kohl bid.; cor. Cal. and Monfy. sts.
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURH-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery Bt. San Franclgco. Cat '
CALIFORNIA land: alfalfa. • corn. ; fruit, vines. \u25a0
grain, stock." suburban: moderate terms; cata-
logues fr*e.~ C M.Wooster Ca.,«4S Market.
CHICKEN ranches, all sizes, near Fetal-imai
; Hr HALLIDAY, Cotati, Sonoma Co.. CaL
Omtlnned on Pa are Twclt*.
~"IISCKLT^4JVEOtr.«i— .•*= >/>p SALE— Con.
SAFES— New" and second-band. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-27 Sacramentost
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. *ash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
\u25a0\u25a0 bargalna. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS,
AAAAA— Htgh-st prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis $25. 650 Sacramento.
WANTED — A typewriter. Call between 8 and
. 8 a. m.. 11 Mason #t. -.•\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0
DIAMONDS. etir.-.:fcouKlit ror cash. Karl Eber
& Co.; 400-401 Adama bldg. . 206 Kearny st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS-
BEST ranting, stock In the city; good uprights
at $2 per mo.: some at- $2 50; our own make.
. $3; one year's rental allowed oft purehasa
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayea st.
A LARGE stock of standard pianos; all mor«
or less used: prices $65 up. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st; Chlcker-
lng agency."v?f?'H \u25a0.
LEFT on sale, Etelnway piano; good condition;
.will sell on easy terms. 584 Valencia at.
HALLET & DAVIS pianos; wholesale; eighth
floor. , 738 Mission St., San Francisco.
ALMOST /given away; unredeemed storage pt-
. anos, furn. -Whitehead'a storage, 1636 Mkt
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Ceclllan piano
player. - BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st
NEW, upright planes sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllUter st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Checkering baby grand.
Ehonlnger little used. Keeffa'a. 285 O*FarrelL
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market st, near Sixth.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE llttla of flea to rent, ground floor, at
411 Spear at
FINE large stores; Clay, Mer. sta, above Mont-
gom ; also dry basement. Ownar. 638 Clay. r.l.
SMALL store, suitable shoemaker or barber:
: stable, 8 stalls. 2483 Folsom st. cor. 21 it
VAN NESS, 230, next to cor. Grova- et— Large
store; rent reasonable.
PERSONALS.
• • • "READ A-G-A-I-N." • • •
"REXRADIO'S" LONG LIST of WONDER-
FULLY HEALED patients in (last) SUN-
DAY and MONDAY'S "CALL?" Cases of
TUMOR, cancer. SPINAL disease, PARA-
LYSIS, deaf MUTEISM. total DEAFNESS.
ate.
"REXRADIO." THE WORLD'S "ONLY" H'D
' 'RADIUM 1 ' (DRUGLESS) HEALER, TEN
YEARS' PHENOMENAL SUCCESS IN
CAL. Imorovement QUICK, often IN-
. STANT. Only tha W-O-R-S-T cases wanted.
Consul tation fraa. 2 to 6 p. m.. 609 Kearny.
sultea 2. etc.
A — SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed
without pain or scar by the electric needle,
the only positive means; removal of facial
warts, moles and pimples by special new
French method; trial treatment free: expert
operators; half New York prices; hours 10 to
3. Dr. E. C. BURTZER. 210 Powell st. cor.
O'Farrell. room 24; take elevator. --.-•'
LADIES,* attention — Two competent .ladles,
pupils of Delsarte and lime. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladies, wishing to
reduce their superfluous flesh; full informa-
tion. Call 1225 Geary st. first floor, or
phone East 4461.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
• coats an dtrousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BTAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hairdcas-
•rs. Btar Remedy Co.. 821 Polk st
NOTHING down, $1 a week to keep wall
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co.. 12311 231 Post st.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's 'suits, cost
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
60 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards prepaid
BOc. BACIGALUPI. 786 Mission st
$1 A WEEK: suits to ordar $15 up. LEMO3.
1127 Market st, between Seventh & Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl?j,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
A BRANCH office of Tha Call for the recen-
- tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ODened at 10QS Market st. oooostta
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
REMOVAL^The Golden West Broom Factory
has ' moved from 630 Clay at to 723 same
street, above Kearny. - • \u25a0
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— SrT~WONQ HIM," herb doctor,
treats all diseases of tha human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth. »
WONG WOO, the .famous harb doctor — All dla-
easea cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay »t
PILES CURED.
PILES. FISTULA, ate— Cured to stay cured;
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance to business; 7000 cured; why "not you?
no salve proposition; Investigate. THOMAS
J. KISNER. M. P.. Columbian bldg.. 8 F.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: V. S. and foreign:
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st
PROPOSALS.
PROPOBALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department.
Washington. D. C, . until 10 o'clock a. m.,
September 12, 1805, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at tha navy
yard. Mare Island. Cal., one cantilever
'crane. Applications for proposals should re-
fer to Schedule 56. Blank proposals will ba
furnished upon application to th« navy pay
. office, San Francisco. Cal., or to tha Bureau.
11. T. B. HARRIS. Paymaster General, U.
S. N.
OFFICE of the Buoerlntendent of Construc-
tion. U. S, Tostofflce. Court-house, etc.. San
Francisco, Cal., August 12. 1805.— Sealed
proposals will ba received at this office until
2 o'clock p. m. on tha sth day of Septem-
ber. 1905. and then ODened, for the pur-
, chase and removal of buildings now on the
land as a site " for the new United States
Custom-house- building, San Francisco, Cal.,
in accordance with the specifications, copies
of which may be had at thla office. J. W.
ROBERTS, Superintendent
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM* Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household gooda stored, moved, . shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
UNION Square Transfer ' and Storage Co.,- 604
. Van : Ness aye. Phone East 448. Storage,
moving, packing*- cut rates on freight
CHEAPEST place in city to store furniture and
; pianos; cash advanced on 'storage. Fidelity
- Storage Co.. 1002 Sutter; phone East 2544.
CONKLIN'S atorage: furniture aud merchan-
Jj disc; Golden Gate & Larkln: phone East 126.
: PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
\t pany. 2320 Fillmore at.; phoaS" Jackson 281.
PIERCE— RODOLPH — Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore; teLWeat 828.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
. et.; tel. Main IS4O. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S newa for 6 cents — Tha Weekly Call.
- 16 pagea." In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE WHITE • CO. exhibit the finest and bast
- collection of : sewing machines on * earth .at
their new retail office. 915 Market st; prices
- from v ss to $100. ; .
DOMESTIC— Tha machine for family use; best
:. - Is .cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all. kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st. near * Sixth. • .
ALL kinds second-hand, .$3 . $5. $8; slightly
\u25a0 ; • used. $10. $15 . and ' $20. s You - knew where
dolls swing in the window. 1051 Market at
- TYPEWRITERS 'AND SUPPLIES.'
AN. exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. NoTl
Smith Premier. $25; *\u25a0 other : typewriters at
, ".hlgher.and lower prices : ; rentals. $2 50. ,, Tha
.Typewriter : Exchange;: 636 California : st. ,
2D-HAND ~- typewriters ' sold, rented.* repaired,
-\u25a0 • Webstar Typewriting Inapea Co ..- 503 Market:
,"\u25a0'. ' DIVIDEND NOTICES.'
DIVIDEND" NOTlCE— Claremont Oil Company
will . pay • Its regular , monthly ; dividend. No."
' 15, of one. cent (lcr per, share on its capttai
_\u25a0• stock.- amounting, to $4500. ; 0n September 1.
1905, at . the office of ; the company, 731 - Mills
: building,'; San Francisco. Cal. Transfer book*
./closed August 2*5,-at ! l p.m.
•\u25a0--;•..•«< ~r:~;-, CLAREMONT OIL COMPANY
V.V GEORGE J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
; LEGAL; NOTICES. :
NOTICE- Is .hereby given that i I have sold my
; place of business at 108 6th st to A. Lafkaa.
i ;.' f "••\u25a0-'" ••\u25a0-' ; K. « KOUTCHOa.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
. . . :.-.\ . .ANY AMOUNT TO L0AN. . ; . .... .
' .... INTEREST 6% AND ti PEK CENT.. . .
5 CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
......:....;...\u25a0 PROPERTY :v. ..... ....
Second. mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests, in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,,
legacies \u25a0 and : undivided \u25a0 interests in property
purcD&^ed.^-tH!«M@!eH-ie«*%->£9)«9-#aj-Bas3ffß^g^
.....MANHATTAN LOAN. COMPANY. ....
.Suite 107-10S Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
R. McCOLGAN. !
Rooms 301 and 302 . Hearst building.
.Third floor,' Examiner entrance. ,
Deal directly with lender and save, expense.
Loans any amount at 6*6 and« 6 per oent
On first, second and third mortgages.'
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE. - .
• Undivided interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to i prevent ; foreclosure,
•NO DELAY.
\u0084 Phone .Main 5516.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On ! furniture, \u25a0 pianos, warehouse \u25a0 receipts or
security of any kind, without removal; we
I make loans on the EASIEST PLAN ln-th«
WORLD; 1 payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
r VENIENCE; in case of SICKNESS or loss of
, EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
j you take no chance of LOSING your. GOODS.
- This is a TRUST COMPANY; our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
fused; CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people, LINCOLN FINANCE CO., rooms 15-
16, 759 Market st. opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
I \u25a0 Save expenses by dealing directly.
. Estates, second mortgage*, .' undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. - - i
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
- , WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d -
: Mortgages on real estate.
'In city, town" or country.
Low rate of interest ' ,
Give full particulars/
of property,
Location ( etc.
Box 223. Call office. : V ' .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent . interest. \u25a0 Baldwin Jewelry Store,
4(78 Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 1182
Market st and 27 Third at
SALARY LOANS— *~
Money loaned salaried people without security,
or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
| any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 463 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
. chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
. security; easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 653 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount ' quickly on furniture or plans
: without removal or otber • security; lowest
rates; no commission; confidential. 506-7
Donohue bldg.. 8 Taylor St., corner Market.
MONEY loaned on collateral and can be paid
. in small weekly or monthly Installments at
low rates of interest. RALPH . & ED.. 143
Powell st. upstairs.
A— Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life insurance. \u25a0or on any security ;any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 86 Geary, room 3d.
ORIGINAL Uncle BUI— If you look for lowest
rate of Interest and square deal. Old Flood
bid.. 809 Market.cor. 4th. suite 1; est ISCS.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious 1 stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
LOANS on diamonds, watches and Jewelry;
private offices. 400-401 Adams building, 206
Kearny st. Globe Mercantile and Loan Co.
BALARIED people without security; also on
furn., estates in probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
Emplr* Loan A Invest Co., 612 Parrott bldg.
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to salaried people
without , security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security. CO7 Flood blJg.
WE loan on property 65 to 80 per cent on valu-
ation. If you - need money see us.
McGARVIE & CO.. 720 Market st.
MONEY, Money. "Money. > >x« •• ; o ••.• < .• • \u25a0<
Any proposition, 49 2d at., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
.A— ONE per cant per month -on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential"; 2 per
cent; chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 513.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 812 Mutual Bank bid.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. " S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
MEDICAL. -^
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ladies, all who are
sick or In trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints: positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult . cases
treated; every case taken; Immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of . Irregularity; consult
me: save time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market St.; hours 8 a. m. till 8 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief,
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 8 to 5. Bunday
10 to 2, 1008# Market St.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured In
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fall-
"ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
• age only. Dr. Sylvester's office, 1206 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable
safe prompt, for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 0-8. 850 Mkt. st, suite 37
DR C, C O'DONNELL — Office and residence
1021% Market st. bet. 6th and 7tb; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR.* GWYER, 611 A Leavenworth at,
. bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hlndo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
DR ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st. corner
, Twenty-sixth : ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
\u25a0MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that will stand
pressure - in ;.- lengths of . rrom 12 to 20 feet,
with all couplings (new) and recut threads,
covered with parafflne paint, ready to use. .
1 in., 3%c ft; 1U in.. 6o ft; 2 1n... 8c ft
. 2% in.. 10c ft; 8 in., 12% c ft, 3Vt In., 15c ft.
4 in.. 19c per, ft; 5 in.; 24c ft: 6 in., 30c ft
:-- To \u25a0 avoid unnecessary correspondence -we
will say that this is all right and guaran-
teed; gend mon'r by Wells, Fargo &Co.'a
Express or mail order. \u25a0 \u25a0 . .
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
.; . Office, 130 ; Beale \u25a0 St.. 8. F. ; .
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
; pulleys, .shafting,' etc., -etc, bought, sold,
;: rented and exchanged; sea Sunday papers.
H. 5..- WHITE MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH • & WOLPMAN. 5 185-187 Fremont et '
FOR sale — New and second-hand I billiard and
\u25a0 pool;, ta bits; ; easy payments; w« • rent tables
\u25a0 with privilege of .buying; modern bar fix-
tures; oheap prices. . BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
; ;COLLENDER," 025 Mission st, S. F. i
LARGEST stock- in "city; second-hand . belting.
I .' also' planing-mill machinery, engines, boilers
'-and ; electrical . -machinery., JOHNSON &
y: HORAN. CO2 Third st: -r \u25a0 :'\u25a0 / -,-- \u25a0 . *
ALL ' kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers.
;•-. engines, •: shafting and pulleys bought and
ARMSTRONG & C 0., .805 Market St.;
V phone South : B7. ; " : '\u25a0-.'-. \u25a0;\u25a0;.\u25a0 : ? .' rV'"
A— BUYS;, sells and. rents gear machinery, en-
: ; glnea.- ; boilers.' i water \u25a0 pipe. ; shafting, pulleys,
etc. , WHITELAW. St.
HOUSE for sale to-be removed ; : 43-50 Clem-
• entlna > stiy Apply % KIDD \u25a0 & ANDBRSEN,-
r: architects. .410 Kearny -at -.-.'\u25a0: :\u25a0-.- - -:\u25a0
A— GENT'S :i full : dress ,cults to rent.- J.
-1 COOPER. 21 Stockton st.,r second floor. ; ; . „
75 TO. 100 tons of . first-class oat hay. Call 413
;-• Larkln < st.' i?W \u0084'•,'\u25a0•...:\u25a0• --' ,-\u25a0:". J. - :- :' -/-.:"
A VERY fine 25-stone • lady* s f diamond studded
\u25a0•• locket at a bargain. 10: Sixth ;st : '\u25a0\u25a0:;-:. V
DOMESTIC sewing ; machine; • good order; r com-
:.:• plate; K cheap.''; 3300 c 18th ' Bf,t cor.,:: Mission.
AN y 18k • Jules -jurgeneen \u25a0 8 minute \u25a0 striking
;watch at a sacrifice.; 10 Slxth.st.-- r .:' •
TWO i hundred r 4-foot j roll top - desks,' . $14 each.
' - KITCHEN &?BON. V 610 ;Flfth : st.
CALL route ' for sale.' : ; Inquire . Call ' office. \u25a0
SCHOOL K-' books XT. bougrbt '" - and : ' exchanged.
\u0084 KING'S Old Book \u25a0 Store, -61 • MoAUlster ; at. >-r
MILES of pipe and flttlnes. all sixes, cheap.
r EUGENE RILEY.& SONS. 109 Vallejo st .
'AVVERYifIne 25-stone lady's "diamond studded
-;j locket s at : a>bargaln.fc*lo Sixth '\u25a0 st ' .
TWO merry-go-rounds-" one" miniature ; railway. ;
\u25a0 t BACIGALUPI.' SO5 Kearny st. -v : . \u25a0* i
HIGH s grade l 2d-hand . office safe and \u25a0 •wagon
.scale. PARCELLS SAFE C 0. .-216 California.-.
TO I.ET—FCHNISHED.
MCALLISTER, 114, fist 6— Nicely furnished
*--rocm fiet; modem; rent $40.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
WELL furnished tunny bay-window cor., 5
rooms, bath, gas: rent $19; reasonable price.
Box 9116. Call office.
FOR sr.:« — 4-rocm flat, Dictiy furnished, at 430
.Namr;:a et.. tx-t. Fifth and Sixth; rent cheap.
FLATS WANTED.
LOWCR flat, 3 or 4 rooma and bath; rent $10.
AdC.-ffrt box tU2o, Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pl-
anos A Furn. Whitehead'a Storage, 163 d Mkt.
FCRXITURE of clx rooms; must be sold at
once; very cheap. 85 Rausch at.
_____FURNITURE WANTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; it will pay you to send
for Die betore you sell your furniture, car-
P*ts. piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
•t. bet. Bth and 10th. paying tig money for
furniture, etc. Phone 6outh 178.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 762 Mission; ttl. Bush 81 S.
Z -. AEE L EVY, 11S5 Market et, phone Jessie
<61. pays cash and buys everything.
* ?EJUIP? EJU1P w ANTED — FEMALE.
• COOKB, German funUiet; llttla wash.. s3o
2 cooks, American families *30
cook aafl eecosd girl, same house.. f2s. $20
8 nurseglrls. ctty and Alameda $25
Cook, email boarding-house $30
4 second girls, city $25
Bacond girl, young girls' school, city-. .$25
tiousework, Sonoma County $30
Socond r.rl, Banta €tua $25
Chambermaid, country hotel »..$25
Cook. 6 adults. Redwood City '• «30
6 waitresses for city and country $25
Housekeeper, man. 1 girl $25
Dishwasher, country hotel $20
Chambermaid, hotel, short distance $20
A large number of general housework
girls' places, too many to advertise; first-
class wajres. Ceil to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
_ 834 Sutter St
WAITRESSES, assistants, hotel, lunch or
resort cooks will be given preference foi
situations in our association if registered:
no fee charged for Information or employ-
* merit furnished If you are a member. We
ar« Dot an employment agency, only dealing
with hotels, restaurants, etc., who are our
members. Call and see us and we will try
and locate you in good positions. Room 818,
Jarae* Flood building. .
A— MRS. U. E. DAY. Phone Bast 970.
A — EaleEladles wanted.
Two neat young ladies for first-class candy
ctore to work part time, four days one week
and five deya next; $1 70 per day; no expe-
rience necessary. MRS. M. E>. DAY, 468
O Farrell st
A— TWO girts, same house Office fee paid
Housegirl do cocking, no wash $25
Nuraegirl. youngest child, 4 years $15
See lady return from country Thursday.
C. R. HANSEN A CO. 423 Bush St.
J^;~RMAN girl for chamberwork and swing;
w private family; city. $30. MISS PLUNKETT.
452 Putter St.. near Powell.
FOUR neat second girls for city places, $30
and $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 428 Sutter st.
near Powell.
GIRLS to learn halrdressing, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z in 1 mo. for $5 to
thote entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 pt*- week up; day and evening
class. College, 234 Post st, room 17, 2d floor.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish in 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for Aug. positions. 5ch001,234 Post, r. I*.
HAVE YOU EVER PICKED HOPS ON :
YOUR VACATION? TRY IT THIS YEAR
BY BEGINNING AT THE RIGHT PLACE,
THE FINEST HOP RANCH IN THE
ETATE AT HOPLAND. TRANSPORTA-
TION LOW. EVERY CONVENIENCE FOR
PICKERS. REGISTER EARLY. AS PICK-
ING EEGINS SOON. -'ULL PARTICU-
LARS AT
AMERICAN HOP AND BARLEY CO.,
227 CALIFORNIA ST.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO.. 22 % FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS.
WOMEN and girls wanted immediately; also
experienced -cannere; steady work and hli-rh-
est pay. Apply CALIFORNIA CANNERIES
CO., 423 Brannan st. bet. Third and Fourtb-
EEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work: inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1573 Mission
St., bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
WANTED— Experienced Jacket alteration
hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
-AhaLE BROS.'
WANTED— Experienced ekirt alteration hand.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED lac« saleswoman wanted. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
MILLINERY apprentices wanted. Apply be-
tween 8 and U a. m. at HALS BROS.'
W ANTED— By privata family in Berkeley,
careful, competent woman for cocking and
housework; gnod wages; considerate treat-
ment; moct of Bunday free. Box 91E9, Call.
WANTED — Two good laundreases. only for
Ironing; $1 50 up a day; ateady work. Jap-
anese Favorite Laundry, 2122 Flllmore st.
APPRENTICES on lad.es' cloaks and raits.
D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 First st
MILLINERY apprentice wanted; paid while
learning. 1422 Laguna St.. near O'Farrell. ;
WANTED — Oirl to wait on old lady and do
second work. Apply 1631 Butter st. v,^-;-.
*iIRL for waiting and seoond work; call ba-
Mi-een 8 and 12 Wednesday. 2111 California.
A TEACHEIt for district school. 618 Parrott
betiding. :
WANTED — Waitress 1 . 228 California st.
WANTED — Woman for light housework; sleep
home. Call after 8. 642H Bryant st.
YOCKO Kirl aaatst general housework: small
family; fiat. 1413% Scott at., near Geary.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; small fiat: adults. 1776 Port st
AN enjoyable, profitable outing; pick hops la
.August; special rata tickets now ready;
come early as only a limited number can
be cold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122
Battery at.
\u25a0WANTED — Governess for 2 children; must be
well educated; this is a fine opportunity for
one who appreciates a good heme; state age,
axperftace and aalary expected. Apply box
6101. Call. __•
fXPERIENCED stationery saleswoman want-
ad. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' , - \u25a0
"EXPERIENCED drug saleswoman wanted.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' * • - \u25a0 "
A FAMILY cook wanted: good wages; small
family and good home for right party. Ap-
ply box 8524, Call.
WANTED — Girls 16 years and older- Apply
AMERICAN CAN CO.. Seventh and Town-
send sts.
GIRL to assist with light housework. 755 Mc-
Allister at. .
OIRL for cook and light housework; small
family: references. 4018 Van Nesn aye. *
WANTED — Housekeeper in the country. Ad-
dress box 0047, Call offlea, Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced child's nurse: ncre
other need apply. 1652 Ninth aye., E. Oakl'd.
A GIRL to assist in general housework; good
home. 1216H Golden Gate aye. .-
LADIES to learn halrdresslng and manicuring;
ifood positions. MOLAR'S. 408 Powell at
BARBERS — Kniploj ment and Snppllea.
BARBER Chops, city and country: have rev-era I
tnguirles for fair paying chops ; only those
that can stand Investigation may apply to
P. gTOLTZ. 723 Market st. - - - .
$200— J-CHAIR barber chop for sale in the
Mission: fine fixtures; k>w rent; mu*t be
L cold. COLEMAN. 311 James Flood bids.
BARBERS, attention— l have a number of city
and country barbar shops for sale; good
valuts. COLEMAN. SU James Flood bid*.
"TOR aale — On account of sickness,- 2-chalr
shop; a snap; must have over 6 months' ex-
perience to buy. 1150 Mission at ...
OPEN." SOME HERE AMONG THESE WANT ADSEstate of . Catherine A. or Katy : Doyle- (by
Henry. S. ; . Doyle.' administrator) to C.'. J. Beren
des, ilot on?W line of Treat avenue, '•- 200 S of
Tv/enty-flfth street, : S r 5p by W 112:6; i $7500. t
:=: = Sarah :" E/ and John : B. Kelly to John J. and
Catherine: Fltzpatrick. lot»on N line of Twen
ty-fifth - street, 205 " W* of Sanchez, W 25 .by
N : 114; 510.
.. Antonio and Gluseppa Clravollo to T. J. Ut
tle.'.lot on N. line of Union street, 07:0% E of
Kearny, ," E 0:5% by . N ; 87 : C, quitclaim > deed;
510. V \u25a0'\u25a0>\u25a0 \u25a0:' „. \u25a0 - [ \u25a0 '\u25a0:.'\u25a0'-' •\u25a0\u25a0- ":.'•:• ""
Thomas J. ; and Jeanette T. Little to Qando
D." and 'Giovanni Blanehlnl,- lot .on NT- line of
Union street,, o7:o% E of Kearny.- E 20:5% by
N,R7:6;'slo. -
\u25a0 r -. Conrad and May S. \u25a0 Well to Charlotte : and
Samuel ' Drew." lot on :N-: line of , Sutter • street.
82*10H''E- of -'Leavenworth, E 24:7^4 ' by; N
68:0:.510.'V :-.;•\u25a0:: ..%r.~"-y:: .-\u25a0.-\u25a0-'-• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0• i Rosa * F. \u25a0.:\u25a0• Boyd,' \u25a0 Jean ~. M. . •• and Leonard G.
Rowell' : to :- 'William Wankowslcl,-. lot on N s line
of ' Geary street, 87 :6 W of r Jones, W 25 '\u25a0 by
N 137:6: 5200.-- . .
-; S. Li: , M. and ; Mabel W Starr to ' City and
County of San Francisco," lot on S line of Geary
street, <-: 137 :0 W of ' Jones, W25 by. S 137 :8;
527.000:-:- \u25a0-. ; -,-\u25a0:. ._ :\u25a0\u25a0 .;,,• ' ; :-\u25a0-; ..-,
->•- Mary. E.; Brown, to George .W.: Brown, s lot on
W; llne^ of. Leavenworth: street, 97:05:0f Val
lejr>.~S2Oby.W i 70: i 510.y.-';-^ :;,'/»'->\u25a0•-;
: Philip C. and'L.lllle;B..Knapp to Eusebla N.
Huntlngton.\ lot \u25a0 on '. E '-\u25a0 corner of > Boston : place
and, First : street,", SE 25 by ; NE 67 :6; $10.? \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•-
? \u25a0Andrew and , Sarah ; A." Downey ito Henry ' E.
Bothin, '?-. lot lon SE - line .' of i Tehama ; street,-? 330
SW of.Flrst,:SW/25 byiSE 75:510.^: s-: v y .
'"Louis and Jennie Frledlander and F. IC'and
Mary! F.* Houston •. to < Henry ; O. ;,Trowbridgre.': lot
on i E corner of Third '\u25a0\u25a0 and 1 Brannan • streets, SB
137:6 by NE 137:0:510. --v; •
r Annie M.'X.: Arthur! (Moore) 1 to John B. Mc-
Cue '.lot'on NW Hneof Brannan Street, ,lB7, NE
of^Thlrd.jNE 22by NW 80; 510.^; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_' :- \u25a0\u25a0? -.';-'_•\u25a0
Estate Edgar ;"F.: Preston '(Josephine "E.
Preston r executrix) 3- to * Donald Mackenzie, lot
on SE \u25a0 l'lne of , Mission street.' -.70 SW of I Fourth.
SW, 40. -SE i 80, « SW. 20, SE ; 80. NE 30, , NW
80, > NE 1 30. 1 NWJ 80: i 8127,000.-I^^^^,. ;.:. A\ 5
~ Donald v and s Helen t F. :- Mackenzie :to ; Emily
K.;t.athamrjsanie;'slo." -:.%.;*;
. Alexander and * Nellie ; Bond , to John Lasselle.
lot J on £ SWJ line *of 'a Marlposa ' street, 46 . NW
Hefon.'iNWi23 by,-SW, 50;i?10. v : .
\u0084 Southern \u25a0 Pacific i ßailway, Company ; to • Jchn
Center, * portion lof t PN . block , 8; conveyed %In
429 D 391 : 51700. ««aHifJBWgHBqp>BMMBggW
• • George \F. • Lyon to ; Martin' Plutt, " lot ' on ' W
. Julian \u25a0 8.1 and Lucy B. • Harries ito Le« Llm.
lot on W lln- of. Bryant street; 234 S of Twen
ty-third,'S. 20 by W ; 100; $10. \u25a0
Hannah Boyle -(O'Brien) to James W. Boyle,
lot \u25a0on S - line . of : Sixteenth street. 118 \u25a0E; of
Dolores/ E 25:6 by Si 110;. $5.7,. ' -„ \u0084
'.Augusta', and Solomon' Stemmer to Jennie P.
Jones. : lot { on ' E lln-9 of ; Church \u25a0 street. " 62 S of
Twenty-first. S2Gby E 125; _510. . .-: -.-;^.;
;' Jennie =P. Jones to J. - C. : wlnterburn. same •
$U).r-\ \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:- ~ \u25a0 . - \u25a0 , -\u0084.- \u25a0 '
Andrew. Peter to Marie \u25a0 L? C. ' and Edith' C
Peter," lot on Ellna of Bryant street. 03 N of
Twenty-first. N 25 by E 100: elft.
George W. and\Cannl«D. Scolt to E. Dora
Cutler, .lot on SVV corner ot Green and Baker
streets.- W. 104:0 bytS 32:6; $10. -
Mqrris •' and Sarah t Falk to Mary A. Prlta
(wife of *rEugenesN.); lotion W line of Ash
bury street, 293 : 6 S of Frederick, S 75 by
W1C8:*S1O. \u25a0;--;/- '\u25a0\u25a0;-::' : /*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - *
Margaret ; F. Dorm* to . Julia L. Donne, lot
on \u25a0- S • . line .\u25a0\u25a0 of "McAllister \u25a0 street, 89:6 -IV of
Buchanan, W 25 by S 187:6;, gift.
James W. Qillin " to Jane uillin, lot on W
lino •' of Steiner street, '. Ifi2 :4 Nof Halght "'\u25a0 N
28:9 137:6: also lot- on" NE corner of
Tenth -avenue and I- street.- E 32:6 by N 100
eitt-^'-^'^k.r.t —.-/\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0
Realty Improvement i Company to Harry N
Stetson, \u25a0 Louis " Fiiedlander and William \v"
Deamer, undivided one- third of lot on X line 6f
Van Nes3 avenue. 01:8 N of Paciflc,-.N. 45:10 ty
E 137:6: $10. ' ' : "\u25a0 : -. . " j ?v v. .• • •\u25a0. ..- \u25a0 .
TUESDAY. AUGUST 15.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. SALES. .".
Mornins Session. \u25a0 .
200 Monte Cristo Oil i 60 1
500 Oil City Petroleum | £* •
3500 Oil City Petroleum t>-V
.- . Street sales — .' -' .h ! . _ _
1000 Oil City Petroleum 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO • STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on , the ' : San Fran
cisco. Stock . and Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m.' Session— Comstocks.; :
100 Challenge ... 20| 200 Scorpion .. •• | • :12
200 Crown Point. . • 09} 2UO Scorpion .. . . . . 11
200 Gould & Cur. 15 400 Union Con.'. . . 50
100 Mexican .....1 30|
12 m. Informal Session— Comstocks.
100 Andes ; .17 100 Ophir, s; 30.6 62%
200 Belcher ..... 14 100 Savage ....... 62
100 Belcher . . .;. . 15 :200: 200 Scorpion ... ; . . 1J
100 Challenge ... 20, 100 Sierra Nev.... d 5
100 C Va M slO.125; ; 100 Sierra Nev..;. 3tt
100 Con Va M Co.l 30 100 Silver : Hill.... .93
; 100 Gould & Cur. .15 200 Silver, Hill.'.:. 92
300 Mexican .....1 30 300 Union C0n. .... 50
100 Ophir .....0 62% 100 Utah::........ 06
. 2 p. m. Session— Comstocks.
200 Caledonia ... 41| 200 Silver .Hi 11....' 91
600 Con Va M Co.l 25J 100 Union Con.; .. 50
100 Mexican . ; . . . 1 30) :
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alnha. ... 05 07 Justice ....... 04-15
Aita " . . . . 03 05 Kentuck . . 02 03
Andes "!..... 16 -17 j Lady Wash . . :— S I C4>
Belcher " Mv V 14 15 Mexican ......125 130
SSSiet h : X II 1 I^^: :6-5O S 5 62^
Cholla? .'.:::\u25a0 U. lOtPotosl ........ *OS ;09
Con Va M Co.l' 25 13U Savage ....... 60 \ ti2
Confidence ..^ SO :85 Scorpion ...... 11 13
Con Imperial. — Ul Seg Belcher. .. 06 \u25a0 07
C??w^ "point!. 00 10 Sierra Nev. . . . ;34; 34 .35. 35
Con NY...:. 01 . •02 St r Louis . . ... — 10
E Sierra Nev. .03 05 Syndicate . . . . — (9
Eureka Con. . 125 \ - Silver Hi 1 1.... 90 92
Excheauer ". . . 48 52 Union C0n. ... 50 ;51
Gould & Cur! 14 15 Utah:.:;r. 06 07
Hale & Norcl 50 1 t5 Yellow Jacket. ,15 . 16
Julia ........ 04 C6|
' TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
. Morning- Session. . . »'
600 Big Bullfrog."- 10 1500 North Star. l:;.: 60
500 Black Butte.. 25 1000 North^tar.'.v. 61
2000 Blfrg Bundle. 05 1000 Ohio t Ton, b9O ,34
1000 Bullfrog \u25a0 Mm. l' 2 Ohio Ton, 'b9o- 35
10CO Bullfrog » Mm. , (>3 i 500 Ohio Ton . ... .32 -
15C0 Blfg M,'b;3o 04 .500 Orig J Bullfrog. 21
3000 Cash Boy . . \u25a0. - 19 1000 Paymaster . . .' t . f3
• 700 Cent ; Eureka-.l 30 SOOO Red Top v:*- • - 40
Dixie .........15 oO(K) Rescue .......; tOS
1000 Eclipse ...... ~'-X ;300,RoccodHmestk^40
1000 Forest City.', y25 SCO Shoshone Gold 25
1000 For \u25a0 City, b9O 27 10C0 St Ives ;.'. ; . ; . / 17
1500 Gold Anchor..; 94 400 St \ Ives - .". . . . . - ; 18
'350 Gldfldßand;; • 08 20a Tonßelmont: .1 <J5
1000 Home' .".:.•.. 08 ICO Ton Blmont.l- 32%
4000 Indiana b 30 "1(2 100 Ton; Blmont.l. 37*V
2000 Jim Butler ..V "7 .' 200 Ton • Belmont . .1 40
f.OO Lida! Hawk jr. \u25a0;\u25a0'.; 50 2Co^Ton Exten .r.6 <0
1500 Lige * Harris;". 03 1000 Ton * GoM . Mt.-;13
COOO MacNamara." ", 41 1000 Ton G Mt.lbOO . 14
1000 MacNamarar; . 42 1650 Ton • Midwayr. IJJO
1000 Mayne^ b* 30. 15 200 Ton ;of '\u25a0\u25a0 Nev. 14 50
500 Mont Blfg.slO 07[ 500; West ' End ... .1 05
-> 200 Mont iTon..3 17%|.;* \u25a0.. . ; .
v .\u25a0*;\u25a0;;*:\u25a0 .'*\u25a0';\u25a0\u25a0'." Afternoon | Session. ;;•.'\u25a0 \u0084 '\u25a0'.
6000 ; Adams '''\u25a0:".'.". ;; L .'-' ol| BCO Mont" Ton : . . .3 15
2000 Blue '. Bull - .". . 10 • 100 Mont Tn,510.3 17 W
1000 Bullfrog, Mm. 6211000 North \u25a0 Star. v.. -.61
1500 Bullfrog :. Mm.' 63 4000 North : Star.". .". -. 60
\u25a0;. 700 Blfg iM. b 00. 64 1000 Ohio 'Ton V.V. ;33
" 350 Cent' Eureka.M 1 40 1000 Ohio , Ton,' b 90 -. 35
.1000 Dominion ..:• 20 : 500. Orig ! Bullfrog.-; 24
1000 Eclipse t . . ;T.'. ' 33 2000 Rescue,'! b - 30. \u25a009
100 Gold 03 s5OO Rescue ...... .: 08
\u25a0 100 Gold - r Anchor.'. ' D 5! 2000 Sandstorm ; Ex. " 07,
i'- 500 Gold 'Anchor..- < 94! ICOO Steinway, "i slO.* 18
.1000 Jim Butler : ; ;^ . 7RI \u25a0; TOO St \u25a0 Ives crh'r ~;« l7 ;
1000 J= Butler, b9O. SIIMOO Tons Blmont.1; 42%
fc 100 Lipe ' Harris .*: ' - 03 2COO -Home * Con, b9o
12,000 M Queen.slO £ 10| -I CCO Ton ,'Mdwy.b9o.l 70
* 100 Mont ; Bullfrog j; C 8! IC'CO Mdway. ', sOO.l', 72%
2000; Mont 81fg,. ?5. Ton fMdway.li 62%'
CLOSING i 'QUOTATIONS. 5 -
. * \u0084Tonopah'-District.<\u25a0, Tonopah'- District. <\u25a0 ' -
, '. -Bld;Aßk.jf*3^4' ; ' \u25a0••'.-\u25a0 Bld.AskT
' Belmont .; ... 1-401 f 4 5 Lucky .T0m , .:%, — .r 01
Belmont '- Ex.'. - — .'• Hi MacNamara;.'' --41 • 42
Boston Ton .. — IS Midway .;.:.. 1601 65
Brar's JB Ex — 10 MlzpahEx ....11' 15
Will Be Held in San Fran
cisco if All Plans Garry
Next Convention of Order
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, An^r. 13.— The fight Jor . th« .
grand presidency . Qt Uxe, Fraternal Order "
of Eagles -is becoming the hottest ever
known in a Grand Aerie. The arrival of
the San Francisco and other California
delegations this morning and their in
sistence that BernardrF. McGinty of Chi
cago enter the race for the highest offlca
complicated matters. McGinty Is chair
man of the board of grand trustees, and
from the way his supporters have rallied
he is certain to be a factor In the elec
tion. .If the McGinty support should bo
thrown to either H. Davis of Cleve
land or Worthy Grand President J. F.
Pelletler It would decide the fight.
I The Calif ornlans are not aligning with.
•ither the Eastern or Western factions,
and simply announce that they are hero
to win for McGinty. Many of the Califor
nia delegates were instructed for the Cni
cago man. He will also receive strong
support from Congressman Suttlvan's
friends in the New "^ork and -New Eng
land delegations. However, Davis has ear,
cured many delegates and will maka W
strong fightl At this tima he •earns to
have the best of the race.
The California delegates will try to cap
ture the next convention for San Fran
cisco. The only formidable rival of thsi
Golden Gate metropolis is Milwaukee.
Californlana 1b New Tork.
NDW YORK. Aug. IS. — The followla* C*3%*
fornians hay« arrived In New Tor*:
From San Francisco — B. Nixon, at th« Ia»
r«rial- O. Johnson, at th« Sinclair; C. H.
Lymber*. at the Hoffman; W. Polk, at ti«
Holland House; Miss Stadler. at th* St. D«nlst
R. E Taylor, at th» Harald Square.
From Santa Barbara— W. M. Graham, t4 tils
From Los Ans«les— Mrs. A. Austin, at th«
Continental; R. O. Be«b^ at th«
Union* C Bessellman. at th* Normandl«; J.
J. Cooper, at the B*Uedalr«; J. A. Dreyfnss,
at the Normandie; Mrs. W. T. HaD. at th«
Hotel Astor; Miss E. A. Tttttlaw at th« SpsJd
talt - "\u25a0 ; '• - \u25a0- ,'
LATE SHIPPINQ UJTEXLiaJCMCa.
ARRIVED.
Tneaday, Aoroat 13.
Schr SotOToma, BasX ' 4H day* from Be
. Stmir dytnola, Hans«B, B8 honrs from Ho
jruianx.
Stmr Charles Nalson, Caristtnsaa. 80 hoars
from Seattl*. _ . -..
Stmr Sha»ta, Hansen. 76 . Boors from B«J-
Ungham, bound south, put tn to land pass«a
**""' SAILED.
Tuesday, August 13.
• Stmr CeUa.H«ff«asen. Albion.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Au* 13 — 3chr
C.;S. Holmes, from Eten; bktn James Johnson,
from" Port Clarence. ~
Sailed Ausr 15— Br ship Klaross. for Africa,
Passed out— Bark Hayden Brown, from Ti
coma. for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Sailed 'Aug Ifi — Stmr Ventun^i
for San Francisco. \u25a0 , .~%W
Arrived Aug 15 — Bktn S. G. Wilder, henc* ,
AU ~ - 2 ' OCEAN STEAMERS.
BREMEN'— Arrived • Aus: 15 — Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Gross*, from New York, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg.
NAPLES— SaiIed Aug 15— Stmr Sicilla. from
Genoa, for New York.
CHRISTIANIA — Sailed Aug 13 — Stmr Oscar
11. from Copenhagen, for New. York.
- HAVRE — Sailed Aus 13 — Stmr Louisiana,
: for New York. -
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Ca
: ronia. from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. BHHsI
RubarC lot on 3 line of Berkeley way. 297.30
W of Shattuck avenue, W 36 by S 110. lot 49
and portion lot 50, map College Tract. Berke
ley: f ICO. "
E. /. and Gertrude Clinton (wife) to Eugenia
W- Turner (married), lot on N line of Ashby
avenue. SO W of Lorir.a street. W 40 by N 100.
lot 4, block C. Adeline Tract. Berkeley: $10.
D-'O. Herrick to Laura B. Herrick (wife), lot
on W line of- Sixth stre«t. 155 S of Gilman. S
25 by W 12S>.-lot 7, block 2C. map I. M. Went
worth Boot aqd Shoe Company's Tract. Berke
ley; $W. . . . *
S. and Annie Carleton (wife) tp Marguerite
F. - Gralnser (wife I. I*), lot on E line of
McGee street <Dwinelle>. -ICO - 9 cf Oregon
(Tcmpktns). S S3 b\ E 120. being S 35 feet of
lot 0. block 8. State University Homestead As
sociatlon"No. 3. Berkeley; Slt>.
"William L." and Maude 31. Wh«lan (Klllott>.
Ralph. Elizabeth ami Walter H. Elliott to,
Jchn • F.> Roche. \u25a0 lot on N. line- of Clinton ayr-1
nue/ 235 W.of Paru streeta'W TD by X 130. polA.
tlons of lots 13 and 14, block O. Oak Park Etit^ 7
clnal : of Alameda, Atame'da; ?10.
' Bstsey \u25a0B. and JoM^ph Rust (husband) to
George P. Baxter, lot" on W line of Grov*
street. 237.30 N of ilason, N 4» by W 122:4.
lot 27, map of subdivision In block 1% Central
Park .Tract. Berkeley: SIQ.
line of Wisconsin itreet. 19:2& N ' Eiffhtswith.
N 00,-W ICO, S,I4:SU.SE 10t>:0%; *10
' Jacob Heyman Co. to Hansom 1.. Beebe. lot
on. W 11ns of Texas street. 175 S Twentieth.
S 25 by \V 100: $10/ \u25a0.*:\u25a0- "\: J '
Estate of • Andrew Welch Co. to Albertlna
Laf abregue (wife of H.). . lot on E line Sixth
avenue. 300 N;B street. N 25 by E 120; ?10.
Albert Meyer to Jame3 H. Stubbe.-'.lot on E
line of Twenty-flrst avenue. 200 N I street, N
25 by E 320: SlO. . -
Nicholas Chouvaldjy to Charles E. Foye. lot
on E line of Fourth avenue. 110 N I street.
N 25 by E 120: $10.
"Wilson to Clara S. Tychsen, lot on
W. line of Forty-eight . avenue, 202:6 N M
street. N 25 by W 120: $10.
.William A. Willlani* to Ida M. Williams,
lot on N line N street. 82:6 W Tenth avenue,
W/25 by N 100; $10.
. Same to same, lot on X line N street.. 107:8
W- Tenth avenue .W 25 byN.lOO: $10.
William Plafc-emar.n to J. K. and Lizzie M.
Blanchard, lot on E line Forty-fifth ' avenue,
100 SM street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
James L. Wiggins to William D. Hynes. lot
en . E line Twenty-sixth avenue, ' 100 N S
street. N 75 by E 120; |10.
.P. and Anna Barblert to Parktlda Realty
Company. " lot on W line Thirty-sixth av«nu»,
123 S S street. S ICO by_"W 120; $10.
David P. Hail to Sarah M. fc'lmrrs, lot on
W line Thirty-eighth avenue. 225 N U Btreet,
N 225 by W 120; also lot on W line Thirty
eighth avenue. 157 N U street. N-28 by. W
120: also lot on W line Fortieth avenue. 150
S T street, S 25 by W 120: also lot on W line
Thirty-sixth avenue, 100 S O street. S 25 by
W 120: also let on S line O street. 32:6 B
Thirty-seventh avenue/ E 25 by S 100: also lot
on W line Thirty-eighth avenue. 200 N U
street, N 25 by W 120; ?10.
Douglas S and Mai M. Watson to William
H. Crocker, lot on NW corner «f Twenty
fourth avenue and U street. W 54" :2. NE 25:8.
SB 60:5. 8 22:4; also lot on W line Twenty
fourth avenue. 22:4 N of U street. N 316..C0,
SW 319.77. SB 50.43; also lot on SW corner of
Twenty-fourth avenue and U street, S 225, W
ICO.NE 228. E 66:3; also lot on NW corner of
Twenty-fourth avenue and V street. N 161:8.
W 131. SW IG4. E 158:8; also lot on SW corner
of Twenty-fourth avenue and V street. W
168:9, SW 476:1 129:3, W 240. N 800; also
Outside Lands blocks 1194. 1195. 1196, 1245 and
1246; $10.
William M and Mary E. De Wolf to Richard
Bucking, lot on S line.T street 77:8 £3 Six
teenth avenue, E 100 by S 100; $10.
Margaret McKenzie to Alico E. Martin, lot
oa E lina Thirty-flrst avenue 125 8 of U
street, 8 100 by B 120: $10.
Rudolph^ and Sophie Franks to Grace Scha
den. lot« 1. 2. 31. 32 and 83, block 1279 A.
Outside Lands; $10. .
• M. Sophie Falsi to Grace Schaden. lot oa W
line Fortieth avenue. 125 S of W street. S
75 by W 120; $10. .
Charles P. Gibbons to Henry 3. Ohlsen, lot
on E lina of Patton street, 125 N of Highland.
N 25 by B 100 lot 42, blk 2 Holly Park; $10.
Frederick R. and Alma E. Drinkhouse to
Alfred D. \u25a0 Bowen, lot on S line of Stanley
street. 25 E of RamsdeU. B 25 by S 100. lot
20, blk 39, City Land Association; $10.
' Helen Pancoast to Frank Pichon, lot on th«
NE corner of Caselll avenue and Clover alley.
E 60 by N 92, lot 23, block 1, Plocha & Rob
inson . subdivisions; $10.
Peter and Nora Christensea to Bernaard
Getz. lot on NW lino of Vl«noa street. 25 ND
of Brazil. NE 25 by NW 100, block 5J4, Ex
celelor Homestead ;~ $10.
Susan and' RosOoe R. Royal to Bartholomeo,
Ghiotto and Gutseppe Palma, lots 1 and 16,
block 26. West End map 1; $10.
Julius C. Rela to William A. OUmore, lot
5, block 5, Rels Tract; grant.
Builders' Contracts. 1
John i: and Ann!* E. Scobie (owners) with
Mrs. Merton H. Cox (contractor), arch
itect — All work except painting . for a one
story basement and attio frame building on
lot on SW line of Ryan avenue, 130 SB of
Preoita avenue, SE 25, SW 25, SW 125, NW
60. NE'4O, SB 25, NE 85, Prtdta, Valley lots
219 and 220; $1200.
Joseph Lenormand (owner) with. San Fran
cisco Electrical Company . (contractors), archi
tect Oliver Everett — Electric wiring and tele
phone wiring for a five-story brick building
on lot on S lina of Howard street, 369 :ti W of
Third, extending through to Tehama; $1160 25.
Agostlno Armanlno (owner) with J. B. De
martini (contractor and architect — All work for
a three-story f tamo building on lot on SW
corner of Richland avenue and Mission street;
$6200.-
Alameda County.
Mary L. and M. J. Layrr.ance to Anna A.
Kyle (single), lot on NW line of Sixth avenn«
(Josses). 36 SW of East Eighteenth (Webster)
\u25a0street, SW 32 by NW 122:6. block 69. Clinton.
East Oakland; 1 10.
Caroline H. and Arthur . H. Breed (and as
attorney) to Robert Johnston, lots 23 and 29.
amended 'map Alta Piedmont Tract, subject
to conditions In deed of Chambers to Breed.
April 20, 1905, 1052 D-8. Oakland Township;
$10.
Charles B. and Effle E. crane to Valeria A.
Lester, lot en . NE corner of Allston way and
Grant street. E 40, N 87 to center of Straw
berry Creek. W to E line of Grant street. S.to
beginning, portion lot 13, block 2. ilcGee Tract.
Berkeley; $10. . , . -
- M.' I* Wicks (single) to Thomas Hartwein,
lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 151.32 W of
Fourth street, W SO by S 145, lot 14. block A,
Governor. Haight Homestead -Tract, amended
map resubdi vision Haight, Alameda; $10.'
Bell Rising Herbert to E. J. Holt, lot on W
line cf Morton street. 230 S of Kings avenue.
S 50 by W. 150, lot 6. block 3. Pacific Land
Investment Company's property at Mortcn
ttreet station, Alameda; $10.
" Minerva J. Sweeney to Edward M. Reagh,
lot on W. line of Linden street. 160 3 of Thir
tieth,. 3 "33 by W 132, portion lot 8. block A,
lands Feral ta Homestead Association, Oakland;
$1.0.
Louise E. Pabney (by Harlow P. Bancroft,
attorney) to Edmond T. Dooley (single), lot 19,
Santa Fe Tract No. 6. Oakland; $10.
\u25a0 Same , to Mabel H. Barber (single), lot 20
same. Oakland; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Charles W. and Eliza
M. Hastings, lot 14. Santa. Fe Tract No. 9,
Oakland;. $10.
George C- and Helen N. Pardee to John
Peter Schmltz. lot on NW corner of San Pablo
avenue and Isabella street, N 60 by W 100,
lot -30 and portion lot 31, Gunn Tract. Oak
land; $10/ , »\u25a0:',\u25a0 :
\u25a0 Mary E. , and H. C. Morris (and as attor
ney) to John T. Geraty, lot on N line of Ruby
(or Twenty-eighth) \u25a0, street, 2SO E from, inter
section with W line of lot 1, American Invest
ment Union Tract 1, E 105.50 to . E boundary
line of said tract, NE 108.53 to NE corner of
said tract, NW 145.14. S~ 100 to beginning,
lots 13. 14 ' and < 15, and E 20 feet of . lot 12,
map of ' American Investment Union Tract No.
1. Oakland: $10;
Charles -F. and Minnie A. Mors« to Martha
M. -Watson (widow), : lot on E corner of Pied
mont avenue and Spring street, SB 100, -NE
H7.SI to NE . boundary \u25a0 line of Spring . Tract,
NTV 100.09 to SE line '\u25a0 of - Piedmont avenue,
SW 122.70 to beginning, lots 1 to 4, Spring
Tract. Oakland; $10. ...
State - Savinsrs Bank to Sam Bell Wake
fleld, entire block 52, San Antonio, - East Oak
land; 510.
Henry W. and Eva C. Allen, James A. and
Mary A. Christen to O. A. Frey (wife of Ar
thur F.), .lot on NE corner of Stuart and Ells
worth streets, E 80 by N 69:8. portion lota 21
and 22, block F. Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Alexander Jarvie (widower) to W. A. Hep
ler (single), \u25a0 lot on SE line of Oregon (formerly
Tompklns) and McGee (formerly Dwinelle)
6treeta. E 80 by S 100, portion of lot 5, block
S. State University Homestead Association No.
3, Berkeley: $10.
Same to S. . Carleton. lot on S line of Oregon
(formerly - Tompkins) street, 80 E of McGea
(formerly Dwlnelle). E 40 S 135. W 120 to D
line of McGee street. N 35. E 80. X 100 to be
ginning, portion lot 5, block S. same, Berkeley:
$10. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' , • .
>•• Henry N. and Olive A. Murphey to Charles
C- and Elizabeth Gill, lot . on \u25a0NW corner of
Tompkins (now. Oregon) and Ralatoa (now
Grant) streets, W 40 by NlOO, portion lot 10,
block C, State University Homestead Associa
tion. No. 3, Berkeley: $10. ..
\u25a0 Grace . and Jobn C. Weir to Frank R and
Elfa . Gantt, lot on S line of Taylor avenue
14t>:4 E of Fourth street (West End avenue)
E . 50 by S UdG, lot 17, In -W V, \u25a0of block
B, \u25a0 map of Damon's West End Tract. Ala
meda; ?10. •
' Mattie E. . and Howard K. James to W. J:
Talbot, lot on > W lino of Laurel *tre«t.' 280 S
of Clinton avenue. S . 40 by • W 130, lot 15,
block B, Bellevue Tract. Alameda; $10.
Mary L. Jones to Thomas and - , Antonla
Gaspa \u25a0 (wife), ' lot on - N line of Washington
street. 75 E of Baseett, E 25 by N 85. portion
of lot 15, block 774. Levy Tract. Oakland; $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Fred W
Koch,:; rerecord 1067 D. 227, lot 5. . block b!
Hopkins Terrace, map 3. etc., Berkeley; $10. ~
- Blanche and Rupert Whitehead to Mary G
Burchard (widow of; I* S.), lot on NE corner
of Telegraph and • Western avenues, N 50 E
130 to point on W line . of lot 8, S 47 to said
N line : of Weston , avenue. W 130.37 to bein
ning, portion of? lot 1. block A, resubdlvlsion
of - Weston : Tract. ; Oakland ; ?10.
\u25a0 T.~ A. and Margaret A.": Cunnlnsham to Stella
Cunningham. \u25a0- lots '64 and i 63. ; Buena Vista
Homestead, Oakland; Cl(t. °l«lffM|Hßß
J.W. and Augusta Albright (wife) to Fried
erlkke Berg (wife of 'A.), lot 9. block J
Broadway *. Terrace. .Oakland; $10. .
.^Bartley.T. and; Katie Connolly to. Frederick
Gaby Otto. lot. on: NW: corner of William and
Campbell " streets, "' N 25:7 \u25a0 by : W ' 75. \u25a0 lot • n4n 4 '
block 500. Gibbons property. at Oakland Point
Oakland ;: 11400. r -
- -Wlckham" and •; Florence' W. Havens ,to Jo
slah-Russell,'.lots'lS and 33, -Oak Park Tract
Oakland; f 10. .:
William .Dormer =to Susan E. Fergurson, lot
on -N line of Grant street. 150 E of Union, E
175 by. N< 100, ' lots 46 to 52.' block L, new map
of *E ; part \u25a0 of : Lynn : Homestead. \u25a0 East Oakland :
also i lot ; on 'SW line of Clinton , street, 200 SE
of .Union,^ SE * 100 by ' SW ; 100.' lots 9 to' 12.
block L,"' same. East: Oakland; $10.
:-vlra and Charlotte: A." --Vaughan to August E.
and Annie J.'MuUer/ ? loton W :ilne of Pine
street, 25 :7 % : N . of \u25a0-• Atlantic, ' N 25 by W
80:7%.% 10t' 2. block 39, land on Oakland Point
(Railroad ' Ferry Landing) .Tract 406, Oakland ;
$10.- -\u25a0:..'•.; -\u25a0' ;: - -- . . . .\u25a0\u25a0
. Henry ?A. and. Lucie B. Butters (wlfe)''to
Eliese Hensen - (wife of C), loton Wlln; of
Hortcn (or Ellen) street. 425 S of A: (or Thir
ty-second)," S 25 • by ' W 133, : portion of lot ' 12,
block t> N; • lands "of ." Pera lta ', Homestead Asso
ciation; Oakland: ;?10. '
-IJohn and Elizabeth P-Stephehs to Minnie E.
Campbell.^ lot on W- line of. Dana' street. 44:10
S,of;Derby.*S:44:lo.by Wa27:6,'10f,5. block
E, .< Leonard -.Tract/I Berkeley;, $10. ' :." T : -.
;•"„ Caroline : and ". David Schoenf eld ito John \u25a0A.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS I BONDS.
- V Bid. Ask. " • \u25a0 Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 65.108 107% SF Drydk Bs.lls^^— ;
B L Wat 68.113 - SF &NP 8«.110%U114
Cal NW 53.111 — SPC R 4s. 05 —
M C Wat ss. — ' 114 Sun Tel 65... 111% — .
OkT Con 55.104%1C5V4 Do Bs ..;..— "2%
Rls I Wksss.lol — Suttr-st R6s . 105 110
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... 23 25 Gas Con A.'. 19 20%
Cal Cot Mils 82 — Mat Nay C 0.120 —
Cal G&ECor. 70 — Mills Nat 8k.300 — \u25a0
C Jockey C 1.120 — NS R R Co. — 12%
Cal Powder. 160 . — N Cal P Co. 9% 10 ,
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav.l6o — ..
Cal T I & T— 142% lOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — 67% Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 4 B PacC Cas CO.ISB 140
City & C 8k.107%119 Pac Sur Co.. — 120
Cyp L Imp.. — 6 Paraf Paint.. 90 100
DptPwd pfd. 86 — S F Drydock — 75
Do com ..75 — SF & SJCoal. 22% —
FNBk.Oak.l2o — S Jose Wat.. 103% —
Fischer Tlitr — 1U SO & MTgbt.l2s —
Fmch-A 8k.107 110 Swlss-A 8k..125 —
Hono P Co.. — 38 Truck Elect.. 15U 17
Do old pool — 38 Union S Co.. 33
Do nw pool 36% 37 W-Fargo 8k.205 —
SALES."
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Honolulu Plan Co (new pool) . 37 00
\u25a0 • Afternoon Session.
Board— .
10 Cal Gas & Eleo C0rp....'.....; 70 00
California Stock and OH Exchange.
Oil stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma ..:......... 30
Arline 70
Asso. Oil Stk. Tr. Cer 56 67
Aztec .......160 ....
California Standard 38 ....
Caribou ........ ............. 10 00
Csntral Point C0n.....:.;.... 160 ....
Chicago Crude .: ..;.... 35 ....
Claremont . .;....; 75 .
Forty '. .....'... 4S
Giant 60
Home 62 R5
Independence 26 27
Junction ...\u25a0..............'.... 17 ....
Kern: •• 12 75 .....
Kern (new) . - . .
Monte Crlsto '• • ' 85
i Occidental of W. Va.. ........ 02
Oil City Petroleum ........... 64 .65
Reed Crude ................... 25 ....
Senator ••\u25a0•• '1 \u25a0\u25a0•;
Sovereign ..............••••••• -° - b '
Sterling •• .;• 1 40;. ....
Superior .;.......... 03 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a008.
Thirty-three ..4 50 : 6 tS
Toltec . - 65 . 70
Twenty-eight ... . . . . . .... •• • . . . . . 1* w
. Gas and electric — \u25a0 "••«; -jV . . „,„
Central Lixht & P0wer. ..«. . . 4 00 4 87%
Northern Cal., P0wer......... .» 'S
Miscellaneous -, stocks —
Fischer R. Theater C 0 . .. 58 ....
California. ... 06 10|Mont Ton ..\.3 IB 320
Cash ; Boy . . .18 20 Mon Plttsburg .- — - IS
Colehan .....—\u25a0 10 Monitor ..... . 02 - —
Eula Con ... — 17 NYTon Con. ,20 —
[Gold -Anchor.. 93 94 North Star. ...' 60 el
Golden Gate.. — 08 Ohio Ton .... 32 33
Gold Mt ;....- 12~. 13 Red Rock.Eix. ,— ; 18
Gold'Mt-Con. — 01 Rescue ....... OS 09
Great -/Westrn 08 04 Ton Exten' ...« 00 650
Ind Tonopah.. Cl 03 Ton Home Con .08 • 10
Home .... ;. ; 07 00 Ton Sly & Old 15 - —
Jim Butler . • 77 7S| Ton . of ' N«v.l4 00 14 60
J Butler EX. — . ; 20 United Ton . . 01 ~\ C2
Little Ton ..1 75 2 25| West. End ...1 05 1 10
! \u25a0; ' . •• Goldfleld . District.
AdarMi..:... 04 C 5 Hlbernla ..... 10 —
Atlanta"...:. 07 08 Highland ..... 28
Aurora ...... 10 12 Jumbo M Co.. 77 78
Black Ants ;. * — 04 Jumbo Ex ... 14 IB
Black Butte. .24 25 Juno . .". ....:. — 01
Blk Butte Ex 02 04 Kendall Es . . — 10
Black Rock..- 02 03 Kendall ...... 13 14
Blue Bell . . . 0.1 05 Lone Star •• • 09 10
Blue Bull .:. 09 -10 Lucky Star .. — 04
Brooklyn ; . . . 01 C 2 May Queen . . IS 20
Butte Gldfld..- 46 50 Mohawk .:.:. 15 18
Bull &, Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy ..13 —
Booth \u25a0M : Co. 08 — Xcv - Goldfleld . 18 :21
COD '. . . ... 25 — Nev Southern . 14 •. ! —
Columbia .;.., 14 15 Oakes ........ — 10
Columbia Mt. .16 18 Oakland ..... — 10
Conqueror ..". '15i: JO 0r0i r. ........ — 05
Diamond '....: If Pennsylvania. 01 •02
Diamondfleld. 40 41 Potlatch - ..... 08 —
Dmdfld Trngl.. — \u25a0 19 Red Lion .. T. 03 _ 04
Dominion ... — 20 Red Top . . . . . S8 40
Dixie::..:.;.. H in Red Top Ex. '01 02
Empire ....... 06 07 Sandstorm .... 60 61
Exploitation.. 04 Pindstorm Ex. 06 fS
Fawn r. . . 05 — Sherman .....— £8
Frisco ....... OS 10 Silver Pick .. 11 VI
Gold Dust ... 03 07 Simmerone ... 25
Gold Hill-... — 04 St Ives 16 17
Goldfleld Mln. 65 — Treasure ........07 10
Gld & G Reed — -10 Verde ........ 02 ,04
Gldfld Rand.. 05 Oe! Vernal 03 —
Goldfleld ;Ton. ;—; — 05 Wonder ...... 68 08
Great Bend '.. 05 03)
BullfroK District.
Amargosa ... 08 10 Gold Bar — 24
Amethyst .. . ; — 16 Gldfld Bullfrog — 10
Big Bullfrog. 12 — Lige Harris 02 03
Bonnie Clare.l 35' — Mont Bullfrog. 07 08
Bullfrog Mm. 63 — Orig Bullfrog. 23 24
Bullfrog Anx. 03 05 Shoshone 10
Bullfrog Com 05 07 Shoshon B Gld 25 —
Bullfrog Ex.. 11 IS Steinway ..... 17 18
Blfrg Jumper. — 11 Red Dog 12 —
Bullfrg NBk 23 24 Ventura ....:. 11 12
Den Bullfrog. 19 20 Vista Grande.. — 08
Den Blfg Anx — 03 Wolverin* ...... 05 10
Eclipse .. 38 . 39
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. : — - 14lPaymaater ... 03 04
Congress '.... IB :' — Qulncy ....... 01 03
Esperanza ... — .01 Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Gold Reer M. — 25 Rothwell . . . . . — 26
Gold Reer Ex — 26 Silver Peak .. — 17
Kawlch &B. — 13 Southwestern.. — 25
Xawieh Gold. — C 5 Sylvania ..... 15 —
Kawlch MCo 00 13 Tokop Con ... — 08
Uda Hawk ..45—1,
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the ' sales on the San Fran
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 •_ m. Session.
600 Adam* ...... _C 5 15C0 Red Top ..... 40
2000 Dixie .. .. 15 0000 St Ivw, b 10. 18
500 Dixie 16 1000 6t Ives. b 60. 18
1000 Dixie, b 90..- 16 250 St Ives ...... 17
2000 Home Con,b3o 10 250 St Ives ...... 18
2500 MacXamara.. '40 1000 Ton Mdway.l 67H
200 Mexican .....I' Bo 1300 Ton N Star... 60
1500 N-at Bank ... 24 1200 West End ...105
100 Ophlr ..... 8 62^ 600 Yellow Jacket 15
ICOO Orig Blfg.blO. 25
11 a. .m Session.
2000 Black Butte.. 25 SCO Nat Bank :... 24
200 Con Va M.I 27% 1500 Ohio. « 10.... 32
ICOO Dixie ........ 15 1500 Red Top ..... 40
2500 Gold Mt .:... 13 500 Ton Blmont.l 82%
3COO Home Con.bOO 101 100 Ton Exten ...(TOO
3500 MacNamara.. 411 100 Union' Con.... .60
200 Mexican 1 30[ 300 Yellow Jacket. 16
; . 2 p. m. Session.
3000 Stives ...... IS 150 Ton Nev.. l4 62%
10CO Gold Anchor.. 95 800 West End ...105
1500 Mdway. slO.l 62% 200 Mexican 1 30
2000 Eclipse ...... 37 .700 Beloher ....;r«l4
1500 Jim Butler ..78 .300 Con -Va M..1 27%
3500 Ton Cash Boy 19 4500 Ton N Star. .. 60
SOO Ton Blmnt.l 37% 100 Mont Ton ..3 17%
1000 Ton Belmont..l 40J10C0 Shoshon* ..... 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Comstocks.
Bid. Ask. Bid-Ask:
Andes ....... 15 — Hale & Noro. — 198
Belcher ..... — 15 Mexican ......1 30 135
Best & Belch,l 30 — Occidental ...1 25 —
Caledonia .... .45 — Ophir 6 62%
Challenge ... 20 — Savage — 71
Chollar ...... 14. —Scorpion 08 —
Con Va M Co.l 25 — Sierra Nev 35 —
Con Imperial. — 01% Silver Hill 90 —
Crown Point*. 14 — Union C0n.... 60
Exchequer... 60 — Yellow Jacket. 21 —
Gould & Cur. 18 19
Tonopah District.
Belmont 135 — Mirpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 07 Mont Ton 3 13 320
Cash Boy ... 19 20 N V Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.. .—. — 97 North Star. ... C 9 60
Great Westrn 02 ' — Ohio ......... SO 33
Home ....... 07 08 Paymaster ... C 2% C 4
Home-ConV.. — 10 Rescue C 8 00
Ind Tonopah..' 01% 02 S Xcv Dev... \u25a0 ; , 18
Jim Butler .. 77 .. 80 Ton - Exten ...JOO-' 1 -
Lucky Tom.. — 17 Ton of Nev.l4 00 15 CO
MacNamara.. 40 43 United Ton .. — 15
Midway ...1 60 1 62% West End — 1 10
Goldfleld District. -
Adams ...... 04 —Jumbo Ex ... 18 20
Austin. .:..:.— 31 Kendall ...... 12 14
Black Butte.. -24 281Lor.e Star ... l*>
Blk: Butte .Ex C 2% — May Queen.. 19 21
Black Rock.. 02 02 * A Mohawk . 20
Blue. Bell ... 03 :05 Nev Goldfleld.- 15 —
Blue Bull ... — - -1.1 Oakes ..04 C 8
Brooklyn .... 02 C 5 Oro ..... . 04
Columbia Mt. 19 — Va. Goldfleld. . 01 02
Diamond — 15 Red Lion 03 05
Diamondfleld. — 42 Red Top ..... 41
Dixie 15 16 Red Top Ex.. — 04
Frisco ..;..-..'/— .'lO St Ives 18' is
Gldfld G Dust 05 —Sandstorm.... — 63
Glfifld L Star. — OS! Sandstorm Ex. 07 09
Goldfleld Nev. 57 — Silver Pick .. 09
Jumbo M Co. 78 •\u25a0-. — iSimmerone ... 25
Bullfrog District.
Amargoja ... 01 10! Lige Harris... 01% 03
Beatty Blfrg. — 11 Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Bullfrog, Anx. — . 07 Orig Bullfrog. 23 25
I Bullfrog Belle OS — Shoshone . 10 11
Bullfrog Mm. 56 63 Vista Grande.. — 12
Bullfrg NBk 24 26 Wolverine .... — H
Eclipse ...... 36 — j "
Other Districts.
Brown Hop«.. 16 —I Pine Grove .. 20 25
Esperanza ... 00% 01 Ray & O'Brien 05% 08
Free Gold ... — 15 Rothwell ...... "S
Gold Mt Con.- — 02 Silver Peak .. — 21
Kawlch Gold. — 10 Ton Berkeley.. —• 20
Nev Sunshine 10 —Ton Gold Mt. — 15
NEVADA CITY. Aug. 15.— The Gr«at
Council of the Red Men convened this
morning in the Nevada Theater. The>
Daughters or Pocahontas m»t In Odd Fel- \u25a0
lows' Hall. Both sessions were largely
attended. The feature of the Red Men"!
council was the reading of the report* of
the great officers. Great Sachem. C. a.
Davis made a very Interesting reporVVl
showing that the order is in a flourish- "
Ing condition in California. The report of
Great Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss
showed that on June 20 of this yaar thar«
were 102 trlb*s in the State, with a total
membership of 12.797 in good standing.
The assets of the tribes totaled $240,502 33,
the amount paid out in sick benefits was '
$56,501, and $9381 wa9 paid ont during th«
year *for the' burial of the dead. Nln«
new tribes were instituted. Fifteen tribes
have more than 200 members, and thirty
six have between 100 and 200 members.
The report of Great Keeper of Warn*
pum James Boyes showed that the r*»
celpts were $19,524
There Is a spirited contest for junior.
sagamore, the candidates being Frank V.
Bell of San Francisco, "W. T. Shepard of
Auburn and "W. -J. Endlght of Fresno.
Porter L. Bliss will also have opposition
for great chief of records. Fred B. Swan,
of San Francisco having entered the raca.
There also promises to be a great scram
ble for great representatives, several ao
tive candidates already being In the field.
The election takes place Wednesday.
The Great Council of the Daughter* of
Pocahontas .heard reports showing that
the degree is In a flourishing condition.
Last year ten new councils were Insti
tuted, the gain in membership being 2309.
There are ninety-three representatives ia.
attendance at the Great Council. There
will be an election of officers "Wednesday,
the only contest now apparent being for
great Minnehaha, which is a stepping
stone to the office of great Pocahontas.
CALIFORNIANS
INVITE EAGLES
100 S F Gas & Electric ..... .. 70 50
445 5 F Gas & Electric .. V... 71 00
50 S F Gas & Electric . ...... 71 25
25 S F Gas & E1ectric .......:.:. 71 12J4
30 Spring Valley Water Co •...*.*.. 37 82%
\u25a0* $2,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 6s. 87 00
$3,000 L A-Pac R R of Cal 55. ..... .110 00
$0,000 Los Angeles Ry : 5s ....... .7. .119 25 .
$1,000 Market St Ry Ist Con &«...... 116 00
$3,000 Paciflo Electric Ry 6s .........112 25 ;
51,000 S V Water Co Gen Mtg» 4a.... 9» 37tt
$6,000 U RR of S F 45.......:...... 91 75
20 Anglo-Cal Bank 01 00
100 Cal Wine Association ...... \.. 83 50
300 S F Gas & Electric 70 00
.;\u25a0: ICO SP'Gu & Electric ...........70 25
$4,000 Los Angeles Ry 65...... ....... 119 23
$5,000 S V 4s (2d mortgage).. ..100 25
• Afternoon Session.
fi>:''7 '•\u25a0\u25a0''!. Board — •.'\u25a0'.\u25a0- • ' . * „ „ '
10 Cal Wine Association 83 50
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar...... 87 00
800 Honokaa S Co ................ 17 00
300' Hutchinson S P Co ............; IB 00
60 Makawell 37 00
' 50 S F Gas & Eteotrio 72 00
55 3 F Gas & Electric .......... 71 B0
15 S F Gas & Electrlo •• 71
\u25a0$2,000 UR R Of B F 4s ........;... W 75
816,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M4CT Bs. 90 W
$13,000 L A-Pao R R of Cal C 5......110 00 -
\u25a0 ..-•-•. Street— . \u25a0 • „ ._
\u25a0:\u25a0 25 Hawaiian Coral & Sugar 87 00
50 Hutchinson S P C 0. .. ......... 15 00
1600 Hutchinson S P Co b.lO. 15 00-:
15 Onomoa Sugar Co \u25a0 j» °> ft
123 Mutual Electric Light If 12*
50 S F Gas and Electrio ......... 71 iB
200 S F Gas and Electric <2 00
60 S F Gas and Electrlo ••••«.}•• ™ Xa
$5,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T Ss. 97 00
$3,000 S V Water Co Gen Mtge 4«.... 97 60
Daughters of Pocahontaa
Growing Rapidly in Num
bers According to Leaders
Documents Submitted By the
Great Officers Show That
the Order Is Flourishing
MANY ABE BENEFITED
REPORTS READ
TO THE RED MEN
THE SA>r FRANCTS^
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 13.
12
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Pnfnr.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third st.— \u25a0 400
t ingle and family roomr, ."5c to $1 50 per day;
I*2 to SS week: the only new ana modern
hotel and rocwing-licusc In San Francisco
that has office on ground Moor; hot and cold
water, cioctric lights, call' bells, steam Heat
in every room, ana fives free baths and ele-
vatcr day and night to its guests.
MISSION ICS5 — Nice sunny room op. the nev
jKßtufilce: $1.75 to $2.50 per week. •
MISSION 1251 >» cor. 9th— Two sunny front
rooms, adjoining kitchen: sink, coal stove;
$3 50. \u25a0 * " -
MISSION. 2752— A large front room to rent.
OCTAVIA, 1311. near Geary— Furnished room;
2 windows; fireplace; $12: suite, 2 rooms,
$15; bath. -\u25a0' '\u25a0 ' '
O'FARRELL. CO — Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vttor and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
i RIO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third st.. nr. Howard-
New bowse, with modern conveniences; rooms
en suite and single; rates by day 35c up;
by week. $2 up; baths free to guests.
SEVENTEENTH, 41&4 — Nice sunny fur. rm.;
bath, gas, private family, for young lady.
THE Pierre. 579 O'Farrell— Beautifully fur-
nlshed suite and single; reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4oo
rooms. S3c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room: free bus, baggage.
WOLF House. Sixth and Howard ats.— This
well-known house for 2 weeks has made a
10c and 15c reduction per night on all tran-
sient roomers; everything clean and neat; call.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable ; 700 room*. •
35c to $1 60 nightly, $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus, baggaga.
A BRANCH cffic« or The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened Rt ICOS Market St.. ocposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AX^mSriiurTiAl^^mjG^
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date; light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses:
free baths; everything elegant.; fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; rates very reason-
able; must be seen to be appreciated; located
in the heart of the city — *04 Eddy st. — 104.
"Best meals In the city." *
PINE 1543, St. Eliyn— Sunny suites; single
rooms, with or without board: reasonable
rates. *
ROOMS with excellent board: $16. $18 month.
1 Martha place, off Geary near Mason.
CHURCH, 301— Sunny front room, board; also
housekeeping rooms; very reasonable.
ELLIS. 453— Nice furnished rooms with best
table board for young men; very reasonable.
JOHNSTON. THE, 605 O'Farrell— Sunny suite*
and single rms; excellent board: references.
Old Stevenson Mansion. 807 California St.; new
carpets and interior; exceptional table; mod.
ROOMS WANTED.
MISSION— Very small flat or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms for elderly German lady;
neat and light. Address Rooms. 237 12th et.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding Invitation*, visiting and
business cards, crests, etc. ; high-class work
at moderate rates. J. H. DUNCAN. 126
Kearny, rooms 1-2.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~~
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
James J. Rudden, 21, 11S1 Valencia street,
and Annie M. McCloud, 18, 2910 Bush street.
Frederick Hohwlesner. 49, 2139 Pierce street,
and Melodile Edouart. 59, 2139 Pierce street.
Orvillo Grove, 30, St. Louis. Mo., and Rosa
H. Bruckman, 28, St. Louis, Mo.
Edwin Polkinghorne, 22. 936 Howard street.'
and Pearl M. Hamilton, '20, 936 Howard street.
Harlan A. McCully, 39, Boulder Creek, and
Mary E. Herbert, 37, Oakland.
Harry M. Wilde, 30. 1394 Utah street, and
Amelia V. Newcomb. 2S, 1394 Utah street.
Max Tobias. 22, C2O Turk street, and Gussie
Silberstein, 19, 620 Turk street.
Rufus B. Burnett, 23. Presidio, and Nellie
M. Smith. 19. 623 Kearny street.
Frederick B. Drake, 27, 636 Oak street, and
Mary C. Godfrey, 23, 2429 Jackson etreet.
Leon Gelly, 36, city, and Bertha V. La-
comme, 32, 132 South Park.
William J. de Baere. 21, 355 Harriet" street.
and Agnes B. Cornyn. 21, 422 Clementina st.
Mlchaela Serva, »5. 400 Bay etreet, and Do-
minica Callorl, 28, 424 Vandewater street.
George A. Leigran, 27, Hollister, and Eliza-
beth A. Elliott. 33. Hollister. v
William C. Farrell. 21. 11 Bartlett street,
and Lizzie J. Lynch, 18. 46 Clipper street..
George P. Hulner, 21, Hollister, and Lucy
W. Dice. 18, Hollister. \
Adelbert Davis, 31, city, and Anna L. Stev-
ens, *i 3, city.
Henry A. Geilfuss. 27, IC3C Minna street,
and Antoinette M. Perret, 20, SOO Bowdoin st.
Ceran E, St. Vram, 43, Whitmore, and
Emma M. Klleber. 36, city.
Woon Himb, S5, 836 Clay street, and Vow
Bins. 34, 1022H Dupont street.
Thomas McDonnell, 25, 3759 Twenty-sixth et.,
and Jeannette Richards, 22, 765 Eddy, street.
Robert B. Lambert, 25, 330 Twenty-seventh
Bt?, and Mabel G. Sanford. 20, G J A Treat aye.-
Wllllam E. Elkington. 21. S3 Albion street.
and Lillian Antonetti, IS, 244 Nee street. •.\u25a0\u25a0..;.
Arthur G. Scurneld. 21, Sausallto. and Flor-
ence A. Mason. 21. Sausallto.
George R. Close, 25, Corning, N. V., and
Bertha A. Pierce. 22, 1436 Market street.
James J. Barryj 27, SSS Mission street, and
Catherine .E. Hegarty, 23; C 65 Fourteenth st.
Giocando M. Bcllati. 22. Eureka, and Reta
J. Slple. 28, Eureka.
Ralph S. Rowe, 31, Fresno, and Emma E. J.
Behrens, 31, Fresno.
John H. Schott, 29, Oxnard, and Anna C.
Peterson, 25, 11 Saturn street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same 'published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
DEABLE— In this city, August 12. 1905, to
the wife of Albert A . Deable, a daughter.
SANDS— In this city, to the wife of James
Vincent Sands, . a daughter.
SPILLANE— In this city. August 11, 1805, to
the wife of P. J. Spillane, a son.
MARRIED. \u25a0
HOHWIESNER— EDOUART— In this city. Au-
gust 15, 1905, by Judge Frank H. Kerrigan,
Frederick liohwiesner and Melodile Edouart,
both of this city.
* DIED.
Argent!, Ellen. 65 McDonald, James. 70
Bailey, Henry P., 38 Murphy, Jarnee
Bellman, Frank, 50 Nolte, Sophie, 60
Condon, James, 82 O'Connor, Daniel, 46
De Curtoni, F. P.. 29 Raymond, Frances, 87
Derbauro, F. C, 19 Reilly, Thomas J.
Dlckson, Albert, 3m. Richards, Frank, 70
Dolores, Sister M. Sagehorn, Anna G.-, G2
Donne, Margaret F. Schachtebeck, Adelia,
Frustuck, Mrs. J. D., 63 4 months V j
Gallega.", Juan. 72 Echuldt, Bessie, 38
Kirk, Julian, IS Smith, Maria A:, CO
Lopez. Shrcaa. 41 Truworthy. May, 58 •
Lyman, Marie, 20 Weba, Joseph, 56
Mast, Charles L.. 64
ARGENTI— In this city. August 14, 1905, El-
. len Argenti, dearly beloved wife of Tullio
Argenti, and mother of Tullio, Frank, Nellie
and the late J. J. B. Argenti, a native of
Ireland, atred C 5 years and 9 months. V^ .
ETFrlends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to . attend the funeral to-mor-
row, at S:;<o'a. m.,':from her late residence.
2044 '\u25a0 a Mission street, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
•will be celebrated-, for .-the repose., of her
soul, commencing at 9a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Pleaee omit flowers. *-".
BAILEY— In this city. August 15, 1905. at
- the family residence, 1015 Howard street,
Henry Phillip,* beloved eon of Henry Bailey,
at»d brother of William 8., . Joseph P., John
C. and the. late Mrs. Mary Lewis, a , native
of San Francisco, aged 3S years 9 months
and 3 days. S&MttafSSSB
BETTMAN —In this city. August 15, 1905. \u25a0
-. Frank Bettman, a native of Ohio, aged 50
years. . - - rj3acSMQ9Ha^paBmHBBPMi9OMS^:
C^Notice of funeral hereafter. *.": Remains
ai the parlors of J.: C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, : between Third and Fourth. " '
CONDON— In this city, August 14, 1905; James
Condon, • beloved husband , of Rose Condon,"
and brother of L. : R. . Oondon of ' Yonkers.,
New York, a native ! of Whltechurch, County
HENR V J. CALL AC HER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
PANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mjtr.
FUNEHAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
. Bt.,* opposite Lincoln School.'
• Telephone South SO.
LJNITBD UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and'Embalniers- — \u25a0 —
.-".". Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 6CC MISSION. Tel.-- South 167.
Between " Fourth and ; Fifth. - near * Fifth -it.
; Finest Equipments at, Moderate Rates.'
j.cxrcoppß&cd,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
• 797 MISSSION. STREET ;
TEL. MAIN 5617
Waterford, * Ireland, '\u25a0 aged - 82 : years 8 months
< and •15 days. <~ (Sacramento." Cal., : and .- New.
. ' York papers 'please copy.) c. :- ... .-...• ,
icy Friends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to ; attend the - funeral , to-day
(Wednesday);. August 16,: at 9 o'clock a." m.'.ii
*'\u25a0 from the residence- of 'his niece," Mrs.- Frank
Anthcny, 379-Haight street,; thence. to Sacred
\u25a0 Hwrrt Church/ where ; a- requiem ;hlgh masß
will be celebrated for the repose: of his soul,.
. commencing at 0:30 o'clock. - Interment Holy ;
Crosa I Cemetery.' ( \u0084
DE CURTONI— On the United States gunboat
Bennington, in 1 San Diego Bay, Cal., July 21,
• 1005, Frank P., beloved nephew of Frank and
Martha de Curtoni, .. brother of : Louls, Uly'
and Kdwln de Curtoni, ; and cousin of > Mrs.
Frank Guthrie, and Frank, Olga, ; Mark and
John do Curtoni, a native -of New * Zealand,
aged 20 years. _ : _ : , \u25a0,-\u25a0'
(CrFriends and *> acquaintances \u25a0 are reapect-*
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' Wednesday, . August , 16, : at : 1 ; o'clock p.': m.",
at the Mcrgue at the Presidio. Interment Na-
tional . Cemetery. ,*\u25a0:. .- ; * .
DERBAUM— Ih this city, August 15, 1905,
Frederick Charles, beloved son of \u25a0 John C.
and Mary L. Derbaum, brother ' of , Louise
and ' Emily Derbaum, 5 and grandson ' of .H .
Langlot2 and the t late Fredericka ' Langlotz,
a native of San Francisco; Cal., aced 19
.year»*7 months -and 15 days. :- - , ,- :
C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
\u25a0 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), August. 17, at 1 o'clock -p.- m.,'
from the residence of his mother. . 867 Fif-
teenth avenue (Richmond). Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. .\u25a0 '
DICKSON— In Oakland, Cal, August 16, 1005,
Albert T., only eon of Albert M. and M.. Dick-
son, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 3 !
months and 28 days. :•;
DOLORES^ A Bolemn requiem ' high mass will
be celebrated for the : repose of tho soul of
the late Sister MV Dolores (Armer), Superior-
ess of the Sisters of the Holy Family, to-
day (Wednesday), at : 9 o'clock a. m., at
St. Rose's Church, Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully. invited to attend. ./.<
DONNE— In this city. August 15, lfaOD, at the
residence, 1027 McAllister street, iiir^aret
Frances, dearly beloved daughter Rof the
late Richard M. and Mary Donne, I and I lov-
ing sister of Joseph H., Richard. J., Mary,
Julia and Allco Donne, a native of San Fran-
cisco, Cel.
FRUSTUCK— In this city. August 15, 1905,
Mrs. IJohanne Dorthea Frustuck, . dearly be-
loved mother of Mra. Marie Lueders and
Henry x Frustuck, and sister of Emil Ketler
of Oxnard, Ventura . County, . Cal., \u25a0 a native *
of Oldenburg, Germany, aged 63 - years 8
months and 21 days.
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral *at 10
a. m. Thursday, August 17,* from tho late
residence, 3528 Nineteenth street. Interment ,
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. .
GALLEGAS — In Mission San Jos«, Cal., August
14, 19C5, Juan Gallegos, beloved husband of
Julia M. and father or Jack, Robert, • Teresa,
Julia and Anita Gallesas, Mrs." A. A. Sala-
zar and Sophie Gallezas, a native of Costa
Klca, aged 72 years. :. .*:" \u25a0"•?
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited , to , attend the \u25a0 funeral - to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 a. m., from. his late
residence, ' Mission San Jose. Please omit
flowers.
KIRK— In East Oakland, Cal.. August 15. 1908,
Julian, beloved eon ;of . Julia and the lato
0. C. Kirk, and brother of Henry,' Joseph,
Clement, Edward,* Loretta, Kathryn* and
Rose Kirk, a native of California, ' aged.
IS rears 6 months and : 4 days, r . v
LOPEZ — In the . City and County Hospital,
August 14," 1905. Shroea Lopez,- a native of
Mexico, aged 41 years.
LYMAN— In Oakland. 'Cal., August 15. 1905,
Marie, beloved wife of Bernard F. Lyman,
a native of Minnesota, aged 20 years
5 months and 3 days.**
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), August 17,* at 2:30 o'clock p. m..
from her late residence, 1615 . Adeline • street,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, cor-
ner Grove and Hobart streets, where services'
will be held. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. . -.--.-\u25a0•
MAST — In this city, August 14. 1903. Charles
L., beloved husband of Frances Mast, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 6i years. '\u25a0'.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 10-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
Masonic Temple, corner ' of Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under the auspices of Starr
King Lodse No. 844, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by 3:30 train
from Third and Townsend streets. . .
McDONALD-^ln this city, August 14,' 1905,
Jamcr. beloved husband of Mary McDonald,
and father of Mrs. Charles Richards of
Selby, and Jennie and Lizzie McDonald, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 70
years. * . r - \u25a0 ',' \u25a0 '::'i . -
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-Say
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from hialate
residence. 72 Valley street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cros3 Cemetery, via funeral car
from Thirtieth street and ' San Jose avenue.
MURPHY— In this city, August -15.V 1905,
James Murphy, dearly beloved husband of
Ellen Murphy, loving father of May E. .
Murphy, Mrs. J. J. <• Mullarkey and Mrs.
G. W. Frazler. and brother of Mrs. W. M.
Lacy, a native of Ireland.
ESTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the \u25a0 funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock- a. m., from his 1
late reside-ice, 415 First avenue, near Clem-
ent street, thence to Star of the Sea Church,
Richmond district, . where a solemn : requiem
high mass will be celebrated "for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter- :
ment Holy , Cross Cemetery. \
NOLTE— In this city, August 14, 1903, Sophie
Nolte, ' beloved wife of August F. Nolte, " a \u25a0
native of New York, aged 50 years 10 months
and 21 days. • :.,-.\u25a0 • ' . .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from : the
funeral parlors of the H. F. Maass Co.. 917
Mission street. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery, via electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
O'CONNOR— In this , city, August 15, 1905,
Daniel, beloved husband of Margaret O'Con-
nor, father of Mabel and Viola O'Connor,
son of Mary O'Connor of Santa Clara, and
brother of John, Timothy and Jerome O'Con-
. nor, a native of Newburyport, ; Mass. , - aged
46 years and 5 months. A * member of Cc-
\u25a0 ment Workers' Union, Local 1. \u25a0
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11' a. m., ' from the' parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In- ,
. terment Cypress Lawn . Cemetery. .,-. ."
RAYMOND— In this city, August 14, 1905,-
Frances Bryant Raymond, widow of the late
1 . W . Raymond, and .* .mother of Carrington
H., George A., Joseph \u25a0 H. and Charles W. -
\u25a0 Raymond, Mrs. XV. R.\ Smedberg and Mrs.'
George F.'Ashton, In the eighty-eighth year
of her a:e. . V : . :•,- . •
tCT" Interment Greenwood Cemetery, Brook- i
lyn. New York. . -..:-.
REILLY— In this city, August 14, 1905,
Thomas J., beloved' husband of \u25a0••\u25a0tne- late
Teresa Reilly, and father of Etta, * James,
Mary, Laura and Thomas Reilly, Mrs. -J. D.
Hughes, Mrs. William J. Doyle, \u25a0 Mra
Charles Doering ' and . Mrs. . David Ackerson.
- a native of Dublin, Ireland.' (New .York and
New Jersey papers please copy.) , '
tt7Friends and acquaintances . are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the : funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a,>m., from his
' late residence, 11 Geneva etreet. • off . Bran-
* nan, between Sixth and* Seventh, thence" to
St. Rose's Church, : where : a requiem high
mass will be ; celebrated \u25a0 for " the reDose .of
hie soul at 0 o'clock 'a. m." Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. \u25a0. : ; "."
Notice— Members of Harmony Lodge No.
• 9, A. O. U..W., are hereby#potlfled to attend
the funeral of our late brother, ' T. J. Reilly.:
RICHARDS— In this- city, "August 15, : 1905.
Frank Richards, of 213 Shotwell street, be-
loved husband of : Mary Richards, a native
of Boston; Mass. , . aged 70 • years 2 * months
and ISdars.' - -; , - . - • .
C7" Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
\u25a0 Golden Gate . Undertaking - Company. . 2475
Mission ; etreet, near ' Twenty-first.
SAGEHORN— In- Oakland,' Cal., August ! 14
lDos,*Anna O.; dearly beloved wife of^W.T.
Sagehorn, and - loving : mother .of Henry * A
William D.,; George T., : Hermann C. "and
Anna M. A. Sagehorn, a" native of * Drlft-
sethe. - Germany, aged 62 years 2 months and
22 days. **' iv *\u25a0'•\u25a0 t '^ ••" ;'"'-^SSHB8lBKB(l
SCH ACHTEBECK— In this i city, August 15
1905. Adelia Elizabeth, youngest and deareet
beloved daughter of ' Christian ,- L. " and '\u25a0 Jo-
hanna ..Schachtebeck.V a: native of 'Oakland
-Cal.. aged 4 : months^ and ; B days.' ;
SCHULDT— In I this 'city, "August - 15, '• 1905 at
her residence, 633 Grove street, Bessie H. . R
beloved. wife of Henry F-Schuldt, a" native
,Of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 38 years 5 months
and 19 days. A-; member of Calanthe Tem-
ple, Pythian Slsters,% of Oakland. (Philadel-
phia paDers pleaee copy.) r *" . .: „ :-..;
E^Frlends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), Auguet 17.- at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,'
from the chapel ofCharles H.-'J. Truman &
. ' Co., \u25a0 1909 \u25a0 Mission" street, s between .Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. : : Interment Cypress' Lawn
. Cemetery, •; by 'carriage .t - ; \'.. •;*.*":.'r."-,i > ;;'.,;.'^
SMITH-^ln .-'this city, "August .: 3,' • 1905, ! ; Maria
Arthur Smith," beloved mother of Maud Smith
Bertschmann \u25a0 of ; New ;. Yor k: City and . Blanche
-. Smith Morton of this city.va* native of Brook-
WpdbIiAWNVcEMETERY
San Mateo County. . ' " ;.
BIASONIC CEMETERY: ASSOCIATION,
:586 James Flood Building.", S.l F.V •
PLOTS
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic. Cemeteries can be
fgf9BgßSßM2£i exchanged • for Plots in \u25a0 ' \u25a0
, M T i lO LIVE T4*C E MET ERT.
"\u25a0 For , particulars * apply iat 3 City 2 Office,*"'- :
GRANT BLDG.-. ; MARKETS SEVENTH ISTS/
MARIX COUNTY REAL ESTATE.
$*iCO— r-os-Xtyj FOOT lot, with house and barn;
suitable 'cr chicUcn ranch. j
e.n'i vp — Fine Imildlng lots. j
1 NtfV/ fc-ror.:!i flat and cotta*?* tn rent. ;
J. E. LE\^S. Kcntlield. Marln Co.
UEVt. i^STATE WANTED.
WANTED — Good Snccrr.e property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO., Investment Bankers. 79
New Montgomery et.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'NTS
TO RENT.
TWO-STORY factory or warehouse: University
eve. near railroad: suitable any business;
conver.lent and cheap. SADLER. 211S Center.
FBUITVALE ADY ? T f S3INTS
FRIITVALE FIRMSHEDROOMS.
FREMONT aye., 1417. Fruitvale— Pleasant
furnlahed rooms to let; gentlemen cnly.
OAKLAXD ADVERT ? S ? M ? TS
I OFFICE. lOIG BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
fcrrf'O — lIOOERN business property la growing
part of Oakland: one block from station;
paying 124 p<^r cent interest on Investment.
Owner. 5C32 Telegraph ay«.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
IJEKINS VAN~AND STORAGE CO.. general
niovers, we have the be«t v.arehouse In th«
Weet (only covered vani used). DON'T
l:i?TA::E THE XUJIBEU, lOltJ Broadway,
Oakland: pftore Main 007. •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MOKaow the <lay for bargain* in furniture.
U. Scoellha-xs. 11th Bt-. cor, etort. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert's'ents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ive., 102, eff Polk et.. bet. Bush and
jj J :tie — a sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
Iji.'CIIAXAN, C 0» — funny bay-window corner
rceru cr^d kilciien; r<** range; eink; phone;
Sl6.
UKVANT, 421 — Two sunny rooms, nicely fur-
:iifho3 ior housekeeping; gas; rent Sl5.
CASTRO, 429, nr. 17th — 1 private upper eunny
bstpg; pleasant rooms; large yard; ?10.
ELLIS. £11— Front cay-window suite; nicely
••-m.; running water; bath; qultt; reason-
able. ____^^__^^^_^^^^___^^^__
EDDI". 47S — A euite of S nicely furnished
housekeeping rocir.3.
FIRST. :£5 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for
liouhrkeeping.
FCLtOM. T42A— 2 housekeeping rooms; lower
rlat: yard connecting; $11.
FOLSOM, boi—l sunny room, kitchen: private
toilet; bath; complete for housekeeping.
CiKARY. I*l-14 — "Sunny rooms; furnished or un-
furnished; for housekeeping; gas; bath.
GOUGH. "13— Sunny bay-window suite, light
houECk'iepi.r.g; all improvements; $15.
IiAJGIIT, J3!»— Brautiful tunny alcove room
Kith nice kitchen, complete; furn. for hekpg.
HARIU*-<jN. 7Sl— 4 r.yomß. furnished; house-
kT-ering:: rent $17; bath.
HOWARD, 71S>!i — Sur.ny housekeeping and
ether rocms; very reasonable; locked door.
JONES, 903. near Eveh — Suite 3 sunny front
rooms; pan ranee, bath and phone; furnished.
LAKKIX. fcllit — Nicely furnished sunny corner
roorr., with sas ttr.ve: reasonable.
MARY. 22] off Mis-fion— 2 sunny furnished
rocrns I^t houEekee-pir.g: also single,
McALLISTEK. 22t'.\ — Sunny bay window room
•«-ith tmall kitchen complete for house-
k..-e;.ing: other rooms. .
MIXNA. 2SL cor. Fourth — Furnished eunny
hcuFcketping* rooms; also single.
NINTH. I*^4 — Sunr.y. front, bay-window suite,
coir.p>te for housekeeping; gas; $16 month.
OAK. 117. cr 14 Page — Complete hskpg.; gae
ran^re Iree; hot bath, laundry: $1 25-$3 50 wk.
O'TAVIA. 14C'o, cor. Geary — Fine eunny house-
keeping rooms, parlor 6ulte and others; ress.
O'i-'AKKELL. 132(> — Newly furnished' sunny
rooms. : phone, bath: hskpg. ; references.
<.' FAKRELL. li>?7. oor. Pierce — Four nice
rct-ras f<<r housekeeping; nice location.
I'EnKV. 2C5. r.ear Fourth — Large bedroom and
kitchen; completely fum.. hkpfr. ; gas stove.
POLK. 101S — Sunny front rooms; reasonable;
f,as. bath, rbone; no objection to children,
TAYLOR. 911 --Front attic eunny rooms, gas
range. $11; one sunny room, gas range, $7.
TAYLOR. 1211 — Furn. housekeeping rooms; gas
range: fine view; centrally located; reas.
TWF.NTY-THIRD. 3128. nr! Dolores — Sur.ny
bay window rms.; fur. complete hskpg; nice,
neat, complete. -.-*-
TUKK, 411 — Furniehed tunny rooms; house-
keeping; gas range, bath; other rooms; $8 up. (
TURK. 727 — Two unfurnished rooms and
TURK. llT'9— Sunny back parlor, complete;
running water, gas range, $12 per month;
ether tunny room. $10 per month.
lI'JRD, 372 G. r.r. Dolores — Sunny bay window
rra*-; fur complete hkpg; nice, neat, complete.
VALLEJO, 11.10, corner Leavenworth — Fur-
r.is.iod. front, «ur.ny, housekeeping rooms;
teascnable.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
• Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church eta.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ESTHER. l^U Leavenworth. near Washington
— Opcu to-uay. 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
n*t get up for housekeeping; the convenience
of 3 rooms in '1; see this without fail; you
cart afford to miss it; rents $30 to $32 50;
first iKjuee of its kind in this city; call to-day.
THE Vc-ra Apartments, 1007 Bush Bt., near
Jones; under entirely new management; new
and thoroughly renovated; 2 and 3 room
suite", furn. cr unfurn. for hskpg: also beau-
UfuXly turn, single rms, for gents; reas.
A— ET. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New.
\u25a0modem building; furn. or unfurn. apart-
nwcts cf '1. 3, 4 rooms; private baths: from
%Vt to <:;.".. Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason Bt.
A— KIIMLVVOKTH. cor. Bush. Powell; 3-room
MUmy ar>rtB-: tingle rooms; modern; reas.
fXi CAP.MELO, 17iU Washington, nr. Van Ness
«ye. — hunny 3. 5. 0 room apts.: also single.
THE Frederick, 301 Stanyan — 1 to 5 rooms.
rvfrtcoking CloMen Gate Park: tel. Page 6166.
ROOMS TO LET— I-'uru. and Unfarn.
. A— BEUK6WICK House. 148 Sixth \u25a0£ — Koonu
Cso to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light I. ( us* :;•-\u25a0< j.iag rooms; open all night.
A'i -The Almonte." 573 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 2Sc to oUc. $1, $1 SO night;
Cl H :o $10 w«^ek; house open all night.
BELMOKP House, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances, it'M Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, running water tn every room; 200
roorr.K; £5c to s<)c p#r night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CASTKO, 4*?jU— Three unfurnished, private,
sur.ny room*; flO.
EDDY, 3 — Fine furnished rooms in central lo-
cation; reasonable rates.
EKJHTEENTH. 3330, cor. Mission— Newjy fur.
sront paiior rooms; balli; phone; $10 and $12.
ELEVENTH. 23b— Two nlceiy furnished light
h'juseket j;ing rooms; $12 per month.
ELEVENTH. 2."2>— ThreJ •unfurnished rooms
arid baili; 3 closets; upstairs.
ELLJS, 110, near Powell — Elegant, tunny fur-
rii>hed rooms, en euite or dingle; moderate.
ELLIS, ;>10 — Handsomely furnished single
rooms.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, eunny. unfurnished
rooms to let. :-...\u25a0:,
FOL3OM, *is:»o — Four unfurnished rooms;
6unny anl new.
FOURTH. 271— 1C0 rooms; all sizes and price*;
new. modern; hot and cold water.
CrtAND SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mission—
3*o roon.s. asc to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $7 wlc
HARRIET. ISO— Sunny Bittlng-room and bed-
rooir.. rurr.ishcd, $LO. v
HOTEL ST. KATHKYK, cor. Ellis and Ltav-
»-nworth — -JOO roorcs; modern and up to date;
lipht, sunny and airy: hair mattresses; free
bsti:*; everi thins fresh «ad clean; single
i-ooms and baths; reasonable ratee.
HOWARD, 715— Rooms, 25c to $1 per day:
$100 to $3 per week: reading-room, etc.
HYDE. 723— Furnished rooms.
HYDE. 1741— Sunny furnished • front room; us*
of bath and parlor; private family.. . .
KEARNT. -£9— Susny suite or.' single; rooms;
rent reasonaS.le; phone Black 4440. :."
MARKET. 7W — Fine furn. rooms; gas. electric
ilghts. running water; convenient: reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 173a— Front room: homelike and
comfortable, eentleman; no other roomers.
lyn, N. .T.. aged 60 years. (New. York and
. European - papers please copy.) : ; - : >-
in? The : funeral \u25a0; will take place i.Wednxo-
' day i from St. Mary's Cathedral, *s corner .Van
* - Ness; avenue "and O'Farrell 'street,; where- a"
requiem high 'mass will be celebrated for the
\u25a0'.: .' repose sof her : 50u1, 7 commencing •at .9 a.\ na.
<.: Interment *,Drivate. ; \u25a0 "\ " : *.
TRUWORTHY— In this city, August' 12, J 1905,
May Truworthy, a native of California, aged
* '68- years. :-.-. . ' : .\u25a0 \u25a0 " -.:\u25a0-\u25a0 • '\u25a0>:'\u25a0-;'\u25a0''
• C7 1 Friends and : aoqualntancesi * are respect-
fully ? Invited to attend the funeral , to-day
(Wednesday), ' at" 10:30 o'clock a. m., \u25a0 from
.- the : oarlora \u25a0of Halsted' & Co., 946 Mission
street. ' Interment Woodlawn Cemetery, by
11:30 train from ..Third : and vTownsend
:'.- streets. \u25a0.::\u25a0:: \ :. ; ..\u25a0:\u25a0. . * : ' - :"-'\u25a0 : :: - : \
WEBA— In "! thi« city, August 14, 1905, Joseph,
*\u0084 beloved husband of Elizabeth " Weba; s and
: father k of Joseph, Olga and :. Alice Weba. a
' native \u25a0of Austria, aged 5B years 4 months
and 25 days. '•\u25a0 ,- '" \u25a0-,".''. •; ~~ '' \u25a0:- ' ; -' ** :.\u25a0
: • lOrThe funeral will take place Thursday,
/August 17, at 11 o'clock a. m., from. his late
, residence, 440 Ashbury street, between Page
and ' Oak ' streets. Funeral and \u25a0 interment
strictly private. Interment \u25a0 Mount Olivet
Cemetery \u25a0' • ' \u25a0'. ' \u25a0 ' '* '\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0 - ' '^ \u25a0Continued oa Page 13>
Dried ; Fruit, . Nuts," Ralalns and : Honey.
~ The market" for Fruits \u25a0; is stni , going '. up and
is now - excited. Prunes. ; Peaches and Apples
V New York 1 Metal? Market.
*. NEW YORK, * Aug/; 15.— There was a decline
of about-flve points;in,the London tin 'market,
with : spot - closing iat \u25a0*. £149 \u25a0 and ." futures :.- at
£148 7s ttd.' -' Locally « the ;.. market • was . quiet at
$32 00(532 80.. : --'. ••..;;•' ':-\u25a0\u25a0',• .:: ." -\u25a0\u25a0: :,. w.:
- Copper continued ' firm, \u25a0 both here and abroad,'
with -London Gc, higher; at £00 106 '.for -; both
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The ; market continues
quiet and unchanged; at ! 22s 6d; tor.* Wheat and
"3s :9d ; for i Barley.'. ' usual ' European \u25a0\u25a0 opfons.
l^he chartered iWheat fleet In port has'a regis
tered - tonnage . of i 23,630..' against 3050 : tons .on
the i same * date ; last ; year ; c disengaged,- 33,585
tons> against ; 79.570; <0n the : way , to • this '- port.
«>33 150 tons '\u25a0 against -\u25a0 265,340. , ' ; ; - • ; \u25a0 \u0084 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.,-.
v.- WHEAT— Chicaeo "> was - : several J< fractions
higher.* This market for cash Wheat is lower
Wheat and Other Grains.
INTERNATIONAL.
New^Y0rk'0ni Pari5; .....:..:........ '...5.1ii%
New v York; ffJVi Mexico ;.'.... •.........:... 202'
Paiis on London ;..:...' .. .25.18 -'-
Berlin -on London .' : :v. V. .". "i .".V. t '. : :; , ".". 20. 47 'A
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — @4 SM4
Sterling .Exchange.^ steht : ...... — ©4 87
Sterling Exchange, .cables .- — ' @4 SS ..;
New York Exchange. ; sight . : . . . —/ @ \u25a0• ( a
New .York Exchange, . telegraphic. \u25a0 .—• \u25a0 @ 05
Silver,* per ? ounce. . : . .' .T.v; : . . . : : * 50%fi/ —
Mexican . Dollars, nominal ...... 45 ; @ i; -17^
Exvhannre ' nnd Bullion.
LOCAL.
LOCAL MAMKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. -V -y" \u25a0:'\u25a0\u25a0
Whent— v Sept. Dec. March.
Opening ...\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 « «%) 06% Nominal
Closing -.6 6% 6 6%. Nominal
' PARIS.
Wheat— ; \u25a0 T Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening H« ay
Closins- • • Holiday
Flour-
Opening ..1 r • U°!!^ ay
Closing \u25a0. : . . • • • ..:.-. /::::... Holiday ;
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON*' Aug. 15.— Dullness and' firmness
characterized this week's wool market. Hold
ers have a tendency to ask higher prices on
some grades. Foreign wools are firm. Leading
quotations follow :\u25a0• - ,„,-,„,
Idaho— Fine, 22<524c; heavy , fine, 10@21c;
fine -medium, 23iQ24c; medium,. 26@27c; « low.
mWyorninßm WyorninB— Fine,' 22@23c: heavy fine, 10@20c;
fine medium, 23g21c; medium, 20@27c; low
medium,' 20@27c. , -, '\u25a0„, - . ''- '"
Utah and Nevada — Fine, 23@24c; heavy fine,
I!)ro20c; fine medium, 23@24c; medium-. 2C®
27c; low medium, 27(525c. , '\u25a0\u25a0-]r~^ w
Montana— Fine choice, 23@2ic; fine, 24@25c;
fine medium choice, 2fl@27c; average. 24@25c;
staple, 28@30c; medium choice," 28@30c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
gT LOUIS, Aug.' 15. — WOOL— Medium
grades, combing and . clothing, 2(i@3lc; light
fine, 21@27c; heavy fine, ', lS<Q22c; tub washed.
S2@42c: ; - ; '-. '-\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0'. '-.
Northern Wheat 3larket^
;'• . OREGON.
PORTLAND \u25a0 August '- 15. — WHE AT, for ex
port Club.7O@7lc; bluestem, 73@75c; milling,
val!ey,77c. — vashinoto^ V . \u25a0
TACOMA Aug.' 15.— WHEAT unchanged;'
bluestem, 74c; club, 71c;; red. 6Sc. ;
\u25a0 Northern Buslnen*. :
' PORTLAND." Aug. "15.— Clearings. $635,878:
balances, $45,748.
TACOMA, Aug. 15.— Clearings, . $520,698;
balances. $43,055. ~ • \u25a0 • \u25a0
'.SEATTLE,- Aug. 15.— Clearings, $942,189;
a sp IOKANE,."Aug.I 0KANE,."Aug. -15.'— Clearings, $434,491;
balances, $40,757. '\u25a0:..-\u25a0.'\u25a0>'.. ..
'\u25a0 Local ; trade .in fresh fruits .was of average
proportions and • there was some little • move
ment In shipping channels,^, but supplies of all
descriptions .were more "than* sufficient and the
market-was generally. weak. Receipts of fruit
In ' bulk ' were \u25a0 light, but . excessive, as the ' fan
ners were not buying and- the demand for local
consumption " was not , of- sufficient .volume to
absorb all -"-of - the .; offerinxs." '.Receipts- of
Peaches -'. from • Sonoma •; consisted almost en
tirely of the- Mulr -variety.' the. crop of Craw
fords being -. practically, all . gathered in that
section. " '. Weak ' prices ruled - for everything^ in
the orchard ' line ; except Plums: and Prunes in
crates, which - were - rather : scarce and in de
mand -for shipment -.on _ outgoing steamers.
Grapes .were \u25a0 steadier.- ' but *. no : higher, ." while
Melons, continued weak under heavy supplier.'.
Citrus goods were quoted steady to firm at un
changed \u25a0• prices..-,
' STRAWBERRIES— Per chest. Longworths,
$sflS; large varieties. $3 00@o 50; Santa Clara
Berries, $t>@B. -•.«-\u25a0,. ' '
• RASPBERRIES— Per chest, ': $6@9.
" BLACKBERRIES— SIIS3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— C@7c per lb.
* APPLES — 00c©$l 15 ' per box for fancy and
40>S|75c for common >< to - choice ; \u25a0•' Crab Applts,
Co«Coc ; for smalland $1 50 .'for large boxes.
" PEACH ESr-Small \u25a0' boxes. - .'{ogCOc; carrier.'.
40®70c •\u25a0 open ' boxjs, 50cS$l: in bulk,- nominal.
rp EARS— Bartlett, 75c@$l 50 - per b-jx; ; in
bulk, nominal. -'" - . . ' ... \u25a0
m PLUMS AND ! PRUNES— Packed, 75c<S$l . per
box or crate; open boxes, :3o@soc for small and
tOc«ssl~for Jarge.--^;, . ;- '\u0084 \u25a0 V
FIGS-^Black. 73c®$l for double -layer and
40@50c ; for^slnglejlayer; drawers; White. &0@
'\u25a0 .QUINCESU-W®6sc'jier box." V
\u25a0 MELONS-^Cantaloupes.-. 75c(g$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg, Melons." 25@40c | per box; Watermelons.
SIS.2 50 ' per ddsen. - i'vri.":--'.-. •-;..-..'.--: ;j. *
•" GRAPES— Seedless,^so®9oc-Der box or crate;
Muscat,- Ssc@sl. per crate: Black, ,75c@$l' per
C - r CJTHUS FRUITS— Oranges. , Valencies. ?2ft4
vtr box: \u25baLemons.. s2®4'so; Grara Fruit, $2©>
2 75- Mexican. Lime*., nominal: Bananas, $2 15
©3 - per ; bunch • for - Central -American and \u25a0 $1@
1. 75 for Hawaiian: Pineapples, $1 50(^2 50 per
dozen.' '.*•"-".. ; "" ' - ' \u25a0 -.'--
DeciduouM and Citrus) : Fruits.
PKUNES— Firm, with - Coast r advices report
ing i holders " asking , further advances for future
fchlpmenta. ' Spot quotations t range from 4Wc
to Sic. l-r- '- :' .'. .• ' -.fH \u25a0\u25a0 ." .:•' -K'Jf.^
, APRICOTS— Are less - active, with buyers
-again showing a disposition to hold off. Choice,
S!&8Wc; extra choice, tsy3@B%c, and fancy, 9#
eiOc.-.'' \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 :%\u25a0*" •\u25a0 -.:\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0- - -\u25a0-.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0',:\u25a0?
PEACHES- 1 - Are neglected, : prices being held
above buyers-, views. " Fancy • spot, > 11^c.,^3
RAISrNS— Are f " firm,' with ~- offerings . light.
Jjoose muecatola, -4»i@oV4c: seeded raisins, >5>4
QVrc:< London layers, "isl@l : 15. •\u25a0>. . -\u0084-i ...
EVAPORATED APPLES— Unchanged. Com
mon to good, n@6V4c; prime, 7c;;choice,~7>/ic:
fancy. Be.
BUTTER— Firm. .Western factory, 15@17Uc
. CHEESE— Weak. -, State • full - creams, small
colored and white, fancy, 10}4c: do fair to
choice, 0%©10 c; do. large colored and white
EGGS— Firm,', unchanged.
\u25a0 •'.: '.DRIED. FRUITS.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining,* 4U®
4 5-«2c: centrifugal, 06 test, 3Vi@3 17-31'o; mo
lastcs pucar, 3'4®;» 0-82 c.- \u0084": . , ; \u25a0. \u25a0
WOOL— Firm. : . \u0084v
COFFKK — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7. Rib* In
voice, ts%c; mild, • steady; Cordova, - 10/g 13c
Futures -closed steady, net unchanged to live
points lower. Sales, 100,000 bags, - Including
September, 7.15cJ December, 7.40@7.43c; Jan
uary. 7.35 c: March. 7.ODc; May, 7.Soc,> and
June. 7.8007.90 c.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,800 barrels; exports, 10,000. barrels. Steady,
but «:uiet. . '\u25a0' \u2666 .
WHEAT— Receipts, 53,700 bushels. Spot,
steady;- No. 2 red. 86% c elevator; No. 2 red,
87% c. f . o: , b, afloat ; No. 1 ' Northern Duluth,
$1 10% f.' o. b. afloat.'., A lower wheat open
ing, due to poor cables, * weakness in corn,
bear pressure and liquidation, was followed
by rallies on covering and a second decllno
on the bearish weekly crop < report. : Finally
the market recovered on less favorable North
west weather news - and • closed %c to %o net
higher.- May closed at 89 % c: September closed
S(>%c; December closed' B»%c.
HOPS — Eas>-. Pacinc Coast, 1904 crop, 19©
24c: 1903 crop. 17@10c; olds, i.o@l2c.
• HlDES— Quiet. • '
Xevr York Grain nnd Prod nee.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows:
Available cash balance, $126,788,524; gold
coin and bullion, 552.574, 492; Bold certificates,
$22,317,370 -
iVew York Cotton , Market: '
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— Pressure was put on
Liverpool again this , morning : and the foreign
market was .forced down aDout 8 points lower.
Conditions favor much higher prices, but it
must be borne in mind that the bears now in
control of the marketare a set ofdever ma
nipulators. The Government cotton report Is
very bullish.
Cotton futures opened steady. August,
10.09 c; September, 10.15 c; October. 10.27c;-No
vember, 10.30 c; December, : 10.40 c- January,
10.40 c; March, 10.56 c; May, \u25a0 10.58 c. .
Cotton futures closed very steady. August,
10.25 c; September, 10.30 c; October, 10.43 c; No
vember, 10.49 c; December,' 10.55 c; January,
10.«4c; February. 10.67 c; March, ,10.70 c; April,
10.72 c; May, 10.75 c. * .
; Spot closed quiet, 5 points higher. Middling
uplands, ..10.00c; middling gulf, 10.83 c. Sales,
100 bales. .
EGGS — Ranch;: 30@31c- for large .white se
lected and 27@29c for fair to good ;: cold stor
age,' 25@2Cc; • gtore ; Eggs, 20@22V6c:' Eastern
firsts, 20@24c ; - seconds, lCgiSc per , dozen.
; Receipts of Butter were large again yester
day, bufthe market stood up very well under
them, no particular weakness being report 0,
though some liberally supplied • houses \r» re
rather easy -on- the situation. The CMee?e
market continued steady and unchanged. Eggs
were rather ? top-^heavy, as tha recent advance
has called out a good many from storagv.
and there are liberal' lines of .Eastern? now
coming: in.' Quotations, however remain un
changed, though Importers -of fancy Eastern
are masking 25c for this description. -
Receipts were 02,300 lbs Butter. 1159 cases
Eggs • and • 9200 ' lbs Cheese - * .
i BUTTER — Creamery 'at first hands, ,24©25 c
for extras and . 22@20C for lower and medium
grades: dairy, ; 21{f23c; cold storage, 22Q23c;
store Butter, 17@18C •,' .
CHEESE — Good to choice mild new. ll@12c:
common, ;B%®lOVC'Cr--Young -Americas. " 11M-®
12>Ac; Eastern, i-14f(15c, per lb. . -
Butter. CheeHc nnd Kjjb".
-UNITED STATES BONDS.
Ktd. A-k.[ Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. lol 104'V>4s qr cp new.l 32 132%
4s qr reg...lC» 104%t"5a qr coup. . .IOSViHK.^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Via AW ss. — — iOkT Con 33.1C9 110%
Asso OU 3s- V«% 93 lOW gtd 5«. — *>
Bay CPC fr».lO7H — (Oceanic S 3». 63 «S
Cal C G ss.lC3^i — lOrn Cable (5».121 121 U
Cal G & Eg !Pac O In ia. 94% !;7S
m& ct 3s. 99 99U,p E Ry 55.. 112 IVZ%
Cal-st C 3s.llt%li:sUlPac L&P 3». — 103
C C Wat ss. 100% 102 Vj P& C H 6s. 102% —
EdL & P 63.12*% — , IP & O li 6s.HO —
F& C H 65.11S — !Powell-st fia. — —
Geary-st 55.. 50 60 I Sac EG&RSs.Km; —
-H C&S 5%3.107% — |SK & SJV.-9.120*; —
.Do 5s — — SF.Ok& 5J55.110% —
Hon R T 68.109 — Sierra R Os.mVi"*
L A Elec ss. — — S P of A 6s
LAG &E1 3s. — IC4 t. (19C9> .....107% —
LA Ry 3s-.ll* — (191 C) ICS .—
LAL gtd Ss.ltt* — IS Pof C «9 .
•LAP lem 5».112% — j (l»05lSr B. — — •
LAP *C-55..1(»% — ' (!!»•>«> 104
Mkt-st C 05.113% — f (1912) .....-— 113' i
Do lem 55.116 — iSPC 1 csr 55.117 —
MV4 MtTss.lO3 — S P B R 55.136 —
NR cf C (?3.103 104 S V Wat h's.lO4'si — . .
Do 5s 120% — Do 4s 2dm.100 1CO»4
NP C R 59.103 — Do 4s "dm.lOOti —
NC Ry 35.. — 111% Do g mU4s fl7Sfc —
NC P C 3s. 95%100 IStkn O&EKs. J)S —
O GL&H 5s.HO 111 !U G A E 55.104 V» —
Oak TCo fi5.119% — UR of SF 4s. 91 % —
Do 5s — 112%! Val Co P 39.104 —
WATER STOCKS
Contra Costa — 41 I Port Coata... — «S
Marln C 0.... 33 — 13 V Wat Co. S7U 37%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 4v; 5 jPac LCo 65 —
Martel Powr 1«W l%ils FG&E. 71 71%
Mutual BL. 13% — | Stkn G 4 E. 5 —
INSURANCE.
FTrem's Fnd.325 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 LP & A — l«0
An«lo-Cal ..«1 95 Mer Tru5t.. . .210 240
Bank of CaL — ;— Merch Ex.... 63 —
Cal Safe Dp.157 160 SF. National — IUO
Frst-Natlonl.3lo 320
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2320 — I Say A L So. . — 100
Hum SaT Bk — — JSec Say 8it.. 395 • —
Mutual Sav.lC2%lC6 i Union. T C0. 27C0 33C0
S F Say U. 630 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — ! Presidio ..... — .41,-
Giant Con .. 72 72%!
Hawaiian C. 87 — Makaweli C. "56»i —
Honokaa S C 16% — Onomea SC. 36% 37
Hutch SP C 14% 15 Paauhau 3 C 23% — .'•
Kilauea S C. 4 3% v '
MISCELLAXEOUS.
Alaska PA.— S6 Oceanic S Co. — «
Cal F CA. - — Pae Aux FA. 4 5
Cal TVlne A. 83% S4 Pac C 8crx.133 134
HVi MtTm. — — Pac S Tel Co.lOO IC2
SALES.
Morning Session.
ICO Hawaiian Coml & 5ugar....... 87 CO
220 Hcnokaa S Co . : '.-. 17 00
3l> Hutchinson S P Co ..; 15 CO
13 Makaweli 36 73
5 Mutual Electric Light ........ "14 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 14 12VJ
" SCO Onomea Sugar Co \u0084.. 3« S7h
TUESDAY. August 15— C p. m.
» BAGS— Grain Bags, "iiiß7%c: Wool Bags.
27ii."?lc; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags.
UV®-7c.
, CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canjiers 1 Association quotes the following price
list for 1905: t
cl io w !3 io
> FRUITS. * »*' b-S g 1 ,?.
' 3 5- — '.
Apples ...I*2 Cosi 50 $1 30!$l 204 9">
Apricots ....! S 15! 1 401 1 10| IOC 73
Do, - peeled | -'351 1 SOJ 1 30j |
Do,*peeleil . ....| 2 53| .1 So| 150|...* ...
Blackberries j2 CO 150 1 25J 1 15' 95
Cherries IR. A-).. 4 00! 3 CO 2 50 2 25[
Cherr.es (White)...! 4 00 3 OC 2 50 2 25 1 9>
Cherries (81ack)...; 3 00 2 40 2 00 1 751 1 50
Grapes (W.Muscat)] 2 CO 1 30 1 C 3 93 SO
Nectarines ..| . 1 25 1 15'
Peaches (Yellow). '.l 2 40', 170 1 40| 1 25; 85
Peaches (L. Cling) 2 3Ci 1 S3 1 60! 1 351 1 pi.
Peaches (L. Cling,! ' I !
sliced) 2 f0: 1 85 1 60 1 35
Peaches (W. Heath) I 2 5C 1 S3 1 60 1 35 1 00
Peaches (do sliced) 2 50! 1 S3 1 60 1 33
Pears (Bartlett)... 3 CO 2 25 2 00 1 65 90
Plums (Grn. Gage) 1 75 1 23 1 CO 90 70
Plums (Ess) .....M 75 1 25 1 00 90 70
Plums (Gold Drop),' 1 75! 1 25 1 00 90 70
Plums (Damson).. 1 S3j 135 ICS 95 80
Raspberries . 2 sO| 225 2 CO' .
Strawberries .|.^...| 2 00; 1 75 1 CO
E CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, 2%-lb,
standards, f2%®tsc: gallon standards, $1 90?>
2 10; 3-lb, solid pack, $s@s7%c. Green
Peas-r^Emall ' petlts pols. $1 50; petite
pols. v $1 40; extra sifted. $1 15: stand
ard sifted, 9C@o3c: standard. 82% c; mar
rowfat. SOc; gallon sifted, $S 75 and gallon
standard. $:! 50. Asparagus — Base price per
dozen of 2^.-lb cans: Mammoth white, peele-J,
*4 'J3:; do . white. ., unpeeied. . ?3 25: do green,
peeled., $3 S3; do. green, unpeeied. $.1; large
white peeled, $J 50; do white unreeled. $2 65;
do ' green, ' peeled, $3 23: do green unpeeied,
$2 5o; medium white, $2 23; do green. $\u25a0„• 15;
small- white. $2 13; do green. $2 05; small
white. ls.;*2 30; green. $2 20; Soup tins In 3*.
$1C(>: }n gallons. $4 50.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. 4^ic;
cases, regular, sc; cases, extra large. 5%c:
Eastern style, (ie: "Norway." CVic: Anchor
Brand. \u25a0« I .4Gtt%c; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Sil
ver King," 7%c; Gnl<lwn State, 6%c; Whl.e
Seal, 0c: "blocks, •'Oriental," - 6%e; blocks,
"Seabright," (!%c; Crown Brand. 7V»c; Pearl.
7%c; fancy boneless. 9S9V.c; pickled Cod, bbls,
$S ">0 ; pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75. '
COAL — Wellington,^ $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. Ss; Seattle, $0 30;. Bryant. *(5 50;
Beaver Hill. J5 f«O; Koslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 SO;
Richmond, 58; "Cumberland, . $13 In bulk and -
$14 23 In sacks ;\u25a0 Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton: Coke. $11 50<@13 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $S 30 per short ton. '
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as fol
lows ' 00 days or V~ per cent discount for cash,
no sales under 10.0 CO lbs: Manila. 15c: Sisal.,
10% - Duplex. o%c; Bale Rope. ll®l2c per lb.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 12%©13 c for s;rictly ;
prime. washed; 11012 c for prime washed: 10%
@iu%c for good washed: lt@ll%c for good t»
prime washed peaberry; 10U©10%c for good
to prime peaberry; lC@lo%c for good to prime;
S%©9%c for fair; O%3SKc for common to or
dinary. • \u25a0- " \u25a0 •
. Salvador — ll®l2c for prime to strictly prime
washed; 10610% c for good washed: 9<gO%e for
fair washed;, 10%@11%c- for good to prime
washed: peaberry; "J^iglOHc for good to p Irr.e
semi-washed ; 0%&10 c; for superior unwashed ;
9>/>c -for good tsreen .unwashed; lC@loi.ic for
good to suptrior unwashed peab«rry:<J%(gS l 4c
for inferior to ordinary.
- Ecuador — Current .unwashed, nominal. -
Nicaragua— ll© 12c for prime washed: 9%@
10% c for. fair to strictly good washed; 9%®
9%c for good to superior unwashed; 9%@10(4c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
; Guatemala and Mexican — 11%®12%i for
prime to strictly prlmea washed: 10%@llc for
strictly good o washed : 101il0'4c for gco<J
washed; »'/i ft 9% c for fair washed: S&«Wc for
• medium: o%(gS%c. for -inferior, to >»rilnary;
f 10%©11% c for good to prime washed peabsrry;'
lCCtlo^ic for 'good to prime unwashed pea
berry: 9 %f? 10c for good to superior unwashed.
Hawaiian- ."13@ 14c for fancy: ll%®l2»ic tor
prime; 10V4tfMl"c for good; 9%«JlOVi c for fair;'
10V-«Sl2c for peaberry: 7(B'9e for low " grades.' \u25a0.
/LEATHER — The market - continues active
and ; firm. * Sole. heavy. 29@31c: t extra
heavy, -• 31633 c • per lb; medium. —2S
@30c; . light. 27@29c; Rough Leather. .' 2S©
80c;' Harness Leather: heavy. 33®37c for No.
1- and ' 33tf?35c „ f or : No.' 2; ( medium. Co<e37c;
light. 29©;:5c;; skirting. No. 1. 4C@42c; No. 2.
3t!@:>Sc; Collar Leather, (15210 c per fo«t: Trace
Leather. 40(@44e;. Kip. unfinished. 4G®3oc per
lb: Veal. : finished. 30©COc per lb; Calf, finished
63c©$l per lb;> Was Sides. 16@17c per fost;
Belt Knife Splits.' 115.16 c; Rough Splits. B®loc
per lb.'
• TANBARK— Ground. $35@40 per ton;, stick.
$lS@22'i;er cord... . . .
'" OILS — Quotations . are for : barrels : , for ca«es
add ; sc; > Linseed;. C4c; per 'gallon for boiled and
\u25a0C2e;for raw ; Caster 'Oil. in .cases. No. I '70c;
Bakers* AA. cases. $1 14®1, 16;.Luc01. 56c for
boiled and :34c for raw, China Nut. cases. 63®
SOc.per gallon;';Cocoanut Oil, In;barrel9,- 3Sc \u25a0
STOCK VXD BOXD, EXCHAXGE.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Thepe -were liberal receipts of Poultry from
domestic v shipping points, but, with trade in
all lines -active, - the market ruled firm and
there was a general advance in prices. In the
chicken line young Roosters and large H«ns
led in point of demand and some exceptionally
fine lots commanded a premium. •. A car of
Western was on rale, making the second car
received this week.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 19ig220 per lb.for
old -and 23@27c . for . young; • Geese, per pair,
$1 75©2; Goslings. $2; Ducks, $4@4 50 per
dozen for old- and $4 50(g5 for young; liens,
$4@5 for small and $5 f.o@6 50 for large;
young Roosters. $ti@7; old Roosters. $1 50®5;
Fryers, • $3 .*o@4 SO; \u25a0 Broilers, $2 50®:J 50;
Pigeons, $1 50; Squabs. ?1 50@l 75.
GAME— Hare. $1 30«ll 75 per - dozen; Cot
tontail Rabbits. $1 50C2 per dozen.
Poultry nnd Game.
General Merchandise.
*iid vegetables are in r.ooi condition. Hay
harvest is mostly finished; unusually heavy
<rr>D secured. Ttie apple crop Is about average.
*ut tn some localltie* almoet a failure.
Lot AXGEL.ES SUMMARY.- Continued
eloufly r»tW «J«« *** »°*** «* f »^" *a the
average. Wheat is above average. Irrigation
«LiUT I* rJentirul.
Jfc-UREKA SUMMARY.— Foesy along ths
\Saf t throughout the week. Grass (s gren
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. — Clear, warm
wcklfcer continued in the interior, with high
nWm'lnt; f-JZ* Sn the ooast districts, and coiidi
ticr.K were <;uite favorabi* for all crops and
larrn worU. Desert storms occurred along the
. ai'tern boundary of San Bernardino County.
Ira a heavy rain caused warbouts on the raii
' ' a( j nt -ar Needles. The season has been very
favorable tvr betratu and the yield of. . honey
v ill ba lanre. Crapes aru rapidly ma.turlns
und proepectß sre ijood for a heavy crop. Wal
-uts are improving, but are reported light in
'-'-ntura County. Apriccts aro nearly al!
-athered and disposed of; the yield was below
average. Otner deciduous fruits are ripening
rather elotfly.' Citrus fruits ere In good con
dition, but ivould be improved by warmer
•••eather- Grain thrashing, hay baling and su-
beet harvesting are progressing. The bar
fev crop is good end sugar beets are above
COAST AND BAT StCTIOXS.— CIear,
vann weather prevailed in the Interior and
cooler weather with frequent fogs in the
coatt districts. Conditions were lairiy favor
able ir. all nectJcns for iruit drying and ma
turing the later crops. Muscat trrapes are
t'.pe and picking is in progress. The outlook
continue* good fcr a large yield of grapes,
which n-TC reported excellent In quality. Apri
cots and prunes are yielding better crops than
ebtimated and the quality i» g-ood. The peach
crop i« tair. Apples at Watsoartlle and Hcl
listcr are in excellent condition and a heavy
crop Is probable. Hops are making rapid
rrowth at Pleasaaton and Cloverdale and a
fair crop will be harvested- Barley is yield
ing a very eood crop and wheat in some tsec
tTonß i* better than average. Hay baling Is
roariy completed- Corn, beans and potatoes
arc doinjr well.
HAN JOAQUIX VALfLET. — Clear and sca
tVisbly wares weather prevailed during the
dTst week. Deciduous frulie are ripening rap
idly and ehii«ments continue to Eastern mar
kets. Cutting and drying fruit la making eoo*l
progress; the crop of dried jnaches will be
l-l'.svr than that of lacj. j-ear. Figs and wa
termelons are being shipped fretly. The gTapo
crov is very promising : large shipment* ot
table varieties are- beins mude and the raisin
crape* have a large percentage of sugar.
Olive* v/ill be a good crop. Oranges are mak
ine excellent progres?. Large shipments oT
ift'tatoe* continue to the East and to Southern
Calilornia. Wheat is moving to the ware
bousee. Th« ditches we well supplied with
u-ater Stock are healthy and In good condi-
SACRAMENTO VALLSY.— The weather
r.as clear during th-; v.-eek. with high tem
pvrature at the beginning and cooier at tha
cli>*e. Good progress was made in harvesting
end drying fruits and conditions were favor
tbie for &il growing crops. Pears are of bet
ter quality than vxpected and the yield is
fair. Peaches are yielding a fair crop, but
are of Sr.lPrtor quality. Muscat grapes are
opening rapldiy and are of good quality.
Graphs In some linltiini were damaged by heat
In Ju)y. but rrospects \u25a0 continue good for a
large crop. The almond crop will be light.
White figs are being cured. Orange tree* are
In excellent condition. Grain harvostir.ff acd
thrashing are nearly completed; the yield is
Ix^ow iiveragc. Heps are doing well and in
iome of the I*ut>a County yams the yield
\u25a0will b« above av.=raj:e: picking will commence
tn the Wheatland district in about two
•»eelcB. The fourth crop of alfalfa, is being
tarvestcd. Corn and bear. b are in good con
dition
t:niatfd. Walnuts are improving and in some
e'-rtlcns the crop will b« up to average.
Olives and citrus fruits are in good condition.
drapes are rapidly maturing and picking It
In progress. Raisin crai>c-E liave a high per
centage PC sugar and a heavy yield is prob
«Ue. The Seat during July Injured some
varieties of grap«B. but the yields will prob
ably be fully average. Many varieties of
decidoooa fruits are yitlilns b«tter than e«-
The gTain crop ia nearly all harvested and
thrashing is progressing rapidly. In most
\u25a0t-c-tions th« yield is below expectations and
©r.ly in a few places up to average. Barley has
turned out better than wheat. Oats are light
tfc B.U sections. The hay crop Is th« best for
•«verai years, both in yield and Quality. Hops
cade good growth during the week and In
mnrae sections prospects are better than at
any time during the season; picking 1 will be
come general within two weeKS. Sugar beets
«Lre yielding a heavy crop In' the Santa Maria
district. Beans are doing well, but the out
took ia not as good as c-ariler in. the season.
CSfri, potatoes and vegetables are In good
e^B^ition. •
Warm, clear weather continued during the
first of the week, becoming cooler toward the
close, with high fogs at nlgnt and morning
in the coast districts. Desert storms accom
panied by heavy rain occurred along the east
ern boundary near Needles, causing washouts
oa the railroads.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. MeAii*. section
director of the climate and crop service of the
\u25a0WeaUier Bureau, it as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
The market for miscellaneous vegetables wan
heavily - supplied and.- generally weak. . Garlic
and Lima Beans being the only scarce articles
on the list. . Prices showed but little variation
from the previous report:
POTATOES— River Whites. 50#«Q per ctl;
Salinas Burbanks. Ssc&sl per ctl; Early Rose,
nominal; Sweet Potatoes, IV»iS;2%c - per lb.
ONIONS— YeIIow, 75<gfl0c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3(R4e per lb;
String and Wax Beans. 2©sc per lb; Lima
Beans, J 8c per lb; Tomatoes,^o®«sc per
box; Summer Squash, 25<ff40c per Cucum
bers, 20@.30c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nom
inal; Cabbage, 75c per ctl: Carrots. 50@60c p r
sack; Garlic, 5(g5%c per lb; E«? Plant, 5C@
75c per box; Green Peppers, 4(i{£7!>c per box:
Green pkra, 7fi@S?ic per box; Green Corn, 50c@
$1 25 per sack "and $1 25<K1 50 per crate.
All'" handlers 'reported -a steady market" for
Potatoes,' with ; trado of good volume on- local
and shipping account and receipts just about
sufficient to .balance- requirements. Onions
were In free supply and weak at the recent
decline. - \u25a0 "\u25a0'.--. . ' -
Potaoten, Onionn nnd Vegetable*.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Aug. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
WOO; steftdy. Good to prime steers, $3. 50@tt;
poor- to medium. ?5@5 35; etockers- and feed
ers, $2 25@4 25: cows, $2 25f?4 40; heifers, $2
@5; canners, $1 25Q2; • bulls, $2 10g3 83;
calves. ?3®6 50: Texas fed steers, $3 50@4 75;
Western' steers, $3 70*54 80. -. '
HOGS— Receipts. 2O.CO0: to-morrow, '2s.ooo ;'•
market 5c to loc lower. Mixed and butchers,
$5 WgO 40; good to choice v heavy, $« 25®
$6 35; good heavy, $6 20@0 35;' rough heavy,
$5 75^6 10; light. $0 15©(J 40; bulk of sales,
.<6©6 30. . * - ' -'
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000; strong; good to
choic* wethers. !?4 75@5; good to choice mixed,
$4©'4 (30: Western sheep. .*4 25@5;: '\u25a0? native
lambs, $4 25(g7 CO: Western lambs, $6®7 40.
. Kansas City.
KAWSAS CITY. Aug. 1 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 15,000: steady to 10c lower.^ Native
steers, $3 73415 50; native cows and -heifers,
SI 75^4 75; stockers anA feeders, $2 5004 23;
bulls, $2g3 50; Western steers, $3 25@5; West
ern cows, ?2@3 25. . ' .
HOGS— Receipts. 6000; 5c lower. Bulk of
sales, $6@o 15: heavy, $.'. 05<g<$ 05; packers, $6
@6 15: pigs and lights. $<V?G 17%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000: strong. Muttons,
$4 25615 50; lambs, *5 50«?7; range wethers,
$4 35@5 50; UA ewes. $3 75@4 50. ;:: .;
Oninha. . '."\u25a0''••-^;
OMAHA. Aug. I">.— CATTLE— Receipts.
8300; market 10c lower. Native Fteers, $3 60®
4 50; cows and helf<?rs, *2 70@4 25: Western
steers S3 90ig4 40; Texas steers, \u25a0$2 7553 <5;
cows and heifers. ?3®3 50; canners, $1 sCfc
2 T.O- stockers \u25a0 and feeders, $2 23^4; calves,
$3«3 SO: bullß and stags, ?2?73 i 5.
HOGS— Receipts. 9000; market 5c lower.
Heavy S5 80*? 5 95: mixed, $5 65(?3 90; light.
$5 9(i(fjr, 05: pigs. ?5 9055 05;: bulk of sales,
KJ 8T.!?5-"> 92%. - _
PHEEP— Receipts. Q300: strong. Yearlings.
$5®5 r>o; wethers. *4 WVSS 10; ewes. $4 300
4 90; lambs, ?6 40fT6-S5. '
EASTERN* LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following: dividends were paid yester
day: Port Costa Water Company, regular
monthly. 3Oc per share, amounting to $15TU:
Presidio Railroad Company, regular monthly.
20c per share, amounting to $1:000; Makaweli
Sugar Company, regular monthly. 4i»c per
shar?, amounting to $20.'^04; Pacific AuxiSary
Fire Alarm, rrjcular quarterly, 10c per share,
amounting to $*J2ol 30; Caribou Oil Company,
regular monthly, 7c per share, amounting to
§sfc'CO: Four Otl Company, rt-gular monthly, lc
per share, amounting to $:;CCU: Peerlesa OH.
regular monthly, 14c per share, amount
ing to $14,te«; California Gas and Electric
Corporation. rpicu!ar monthly. 25c per share,
amounting to $23,000.
The Claremont Oil Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend of 1 cent per shar*.
or $t3COi payable September I.
Tho San Juan Grand* Mining Company, of
Santa Eulalla. 'Mexico, has levied an ausw
ment of 4%c per share, delinquent Septem
ber 11. *
The Welsbach Light Company has declared
a dividend of 2 per cent, payable September 1.
The Standard Oil has declared a quarterly
dividend of $8. The dividend for the same
quarter In the last three years was $5.
Th» Gould & Curry Mining Company h.-»
levied an assessment of 10c.
Continued Aettvity ia Gas Stocks and
- L'Tj RotMN — Sji.vrar Finn.
The feature on the Stock and Bond Exchange
yesterday was the activity in gas securities.
Gas anil Electric stock 90 Id from $tB»s7Va to
$72. but receded to $71 37.«, closing at $71 bid.
Mutual Electric rose from $13 to $11 12% an-1
the California Gas and Electric 5 per cent
bonds declined from $00 to $97. The sugjr
ehareo continued Arm. with Makaweli up to
$37 and Paauhau up to $23 50. Giant Powder
was also higher at $72. Stocks ex-divldeml
under th« rule w«re California Fruit Canner*
6Cc. Central Light and Power 3c and Martel
Power lt)c. ' Trading was large all day.
The mining stocks were fairly active, with
the Comstocks rathcr^weak as a rule. In the
Tonopahs, Belmont was higher, but business
was not very brisk.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— 0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries:. 17©20 c: dairies. 10(gl8c: Eggs, at
mark, cases included,- 12%<§15%c: Cheese,
easy, ll<gll%c. .
Butter. Cheese and Kkk».
Mustard 1 Seed Is firm at the good prices.
BEANB— Bayos, $4©4 50; Pea. y.lfir, 50;
Butter, $2 50#4; small White, $3 25«3 75; larg*
White, $2 «o<?i2 !M). Pink. $1 50^2 "50 for. fair
to good and $3 25®3 75 for choice; Red, $U JO
@7; LJma, $5 UO(fJ5 70; Red Kidneys. $I®l 50;
Blackeyes. $3 2r>@3 50 jer- ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 25©2. - " \u25a0
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $* 50©* 75; YeHaw
Mustard, $3 50«?3 75; Flax. *2 25@2 75; Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa, ltitSllc for California and 12®
13c for Utah; Rape, 2%<SJ3%c: Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp. 3%c per lb; Millet. 2%®:?%c;
Broom Corn Seed.^^ppjOSlvifierr'on • , a iusi
DRIED PEASr-Nflf-^vAhTfj^USojir-Gtearn
Peas, $2<J2 25. \u25a0 - : . / \u25a0•• \u25a0
There is nothing new in Beans. Stocks of
good to choice old crop are, pretty well cleaned
up and damaged lots p — not wanted, hence
the market is quiet. Buyers are holding off
for the new crop before taking hold of > the
market again. \u25a0• ;. \u25a0 . . . \u25a0
Oenns " nml Seeds.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. s%@Gc; Cows and Helf
fcis, 4^4Uc. /
CALVES— 3%@4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%§3%e; Ewes, af3«ic
per lb <?ress weight). . . - '
I LAMBS— S2 75*53 per head. : - -
HOGS— Live Hogs, VM to 2CO lbs, 5%«6c;
cvtr 2"0 lbs, s^i@o-'i'4c; Feeders, nominal: Sows.
20 per <*ent off; Boar?, 50 per cent off. and
Stags. -40 -per cent o!T from above quotations, j
VEAL— Large. 6#7c; small. SfT9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7Uc; Ewes. s@G%c
per lb.
LAMB— SiffSHc per lb.
- PORK— Dressed Hogs, «%<S9c p*r lb.
-v"".", LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: - '. "
BEEF— m<gs%c for Steers and 3%«g4%c per
lb for Cows.
The packers and butchers report the mar
ket well supplied with everything and prices,
unchanged. \
' - DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
EASTERN
Wheat, ctls .... l.SCOiCorn. ctls 6CO
ISecelptn of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST IX
Flour. «r sks... 6.9l3| Middlings. sk» ... 215 *
Wheat, ctls .... «, 127 j Screenings. sk»... 3Mi
Barley, ctls .... S.S-C!.Hay. tons 1,32*>
Oats, ctls 2.740. H0ps bales 6
Corn. ctU ...... 5^5' Wool. bai<s 2t>l
Rye. ctls IC3 Leather, rolrs ... 40-"
Tallow, ctla .... 3;;t>;iUde?, No T2T.
Sugar. ctU l/.O 1 " 1 ! Pelt 3. bd!a S'.'J
Beans, tks SrTtLiire. bbls 2":{
Potatoes, sks ... 2.555- Paper, rolls twr*
Onions, sks 1.1- Sj Quicksilver, fisks. 125
Bran. sks-. 7::s. Wine gals 33\90<>
Ca»li Grnln and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Aug. -lS.^Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, easy; No. 3 red wheat.
80% c; No. 2 corn, 54c; No. 2 yellow. 55c; No.
2 oats. 24%®25iic: No. 2 white, 27c; No. 3
white. 2«i;fff2HVoc: No. 2 rye. j«@sT%c; good
feeding barley. 38c; fair to choice malting, . 40®
42c- No. 1 flaxseed, $106: No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 16; prime timothy seed, $3 35: mess pork,
per barrel. $14 35^14 40; lard, per 100 pounds.
$7 77%: short ribs sides (loose). $8 65«?ff75;
fhort clfiar sid?s (boxed). $575«5587%; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract,
grade $12 25. •'-..'•* ' • \u25a0
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 20.800 20.9-0
Wheat, bushes 205,0-).) .Z'-^O
Corn, bushels 2SO.CUO 408,500
Oats, bushels 7flo '^ 2O9 '£?,
Rye, bushels •• 90.000 SCO
Barley, bushels :..... 45.100 ,1.100
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The tide of de
mand for stocks was reduced to-day, and
while the market fchowed mixed points of
strength they were not so predominant &s for
some time past. The disposition to take
profits evidently had its part in the selling
and the failure of the efforts to get the mar
ket to move upwards prompted an attack in
the latter part of the day by the bears,
which Ehowed come signs of concert and or
ganization. The attack had little success in
dislodging any stock and a rather hearty
movement to cover shorts followed. Some of
the principal selling was much concentrated
in character and was the ground for the
supposition that some of the large operators
who accumulated stocks early In the present
movement were lightening their loads. It was
even surmised that the 6upply of etocks might
be coming from some of the large banking
Interests under a precautionary motive and
with a desire to check speculative excess
with the period approaching for the reduc
tion of banking reserves In New York by the
demand from the interior. The Problem of
this interior demand for currency is the only
present question which seems to weigh at all
apon the market. Attention to it is stimu
lated by yesterday's telegraphic transfer to
Chicago of $500,000. although the approaching
turn in the tide of the currency movement has
b«en manifest for some time past in the
course pursued in the interior in effecting pay
ments cf internal taxes by the- Government
by drafts on their New York correspondent
banks, which is an Indirect transfer of re
quirement upon New York reserves. Reports
from Chicago chow an opinion amongst brok
ers there that money rates are likely soon
to work closer. The great promise of the grain
crops indicates an extraordinary demand for
currency to j effect their movement, and * the
stimulating effect on business -.and industry
in general is reflected in a growing demand
for credits in the West, which promises the
full normal requirement in thfs center. The
Is taken account of also* that yes
terday's conference of prominent Jewish bank
ers with the Russian' .peace envoy may have
the effect ultimately of paring the way for
a participation on the part of the New York
bankers in a future Russian loan. While the
present view of the peace conference is that
a favorable outcome will result, there Is the
reserve caused by the popsibillty of the failure,
which would unquestionably have come de
pressing effect on the etock market. The
weekly crop bulletin of the Weather Bureau
was regarded as giving every encouragement
to the high hopes now entertained for the
great yields at grain centers. The outlook of
the crop was shown to be less favorable. The
beginning of Investigation by the Interstate
Commerce Commission of the charges against
the various railroads and private cac lines,
which are charged with violating the regula
tions for uniform rates, was something of a
weight on the list of railroad 1 stocks which
were most affected by the cressure to sell.
The corn-carrying: railroads were relatively
firm except for the realizing sales in Missouri
Pacific and Atchieon. New York Central was
the most influential railroad stock to make
headway against pressure and speculative
favor turned for the most part to the Indus
trials and specialties again. Of the high
priced stocks Great Northern alone continued
the upward movement sustained \u25a0by professed
belief in an early disposal of Its iron ore
lands to the United States Steel Corporation.
Buying for London accounts was an early
sustaining factor, the easing of the discount
rate there prompting some Increased demand
tor Americans. Net changes here show that
the sclllrjr rresnure was of small effect and
the market closed firm and In course of re
covery.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
$3,625,000.
United -States 2*s advanced M- per cent,
and the new 4's % .per cent on call.
XeW York Stock List.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Adams Express ..... 244
Amal Copper 15.400 84^ S3T4 83%
Am Car & Fdry .. 5.000 37-fe 3«^i 37
Am Car & Fdy pfd 300 89% 80% . 89%
Am Cotton Oil 29
Am Cotton Oil pfd :.. i»2U
Am Kxrrees 223 -
Am Hid- & L pfd 400 39Vi 39% 30t£
American Ice 800 28% 28'j 28%
Am Linseed Oil 18
Am Linseed Oil pfd 40 . ...
Amir Loco 32,300 fil 4SV4 50%
Amer Loco pfd... 300 IVJ% 112 112
Am Sinei* & Refing SO.JtOO 130% 127*4 120&
Am Smelt & R pfd 1.000 122% 122 121
Am Sugar Refing 2.000 144% 143% 144^
Am Tob, pfd certif 11.400 104 102& 102%
Anaconda Mm Co. 1,100 11UV& 116 116^
Atchison 14,300 90",» 89% 80%
Atchison pfd 300 104 103 y£ 103%
Atlantic Cpast Line 900 ICB% 168 1C7%
Bait & Ohio 9,800 114% 113% 113%
Bait & Ohio pfd .. 100 97 97 DC
Brook Rapid Tran. 9,000 70% «9% 70%
Canadian Pacific . 11.400 160% 159% ICO%
Cent Leather 4.C00 44%, 43 44^i
Cent Leather pfd.. 3,100 105% 104V5 105>,i
Cen cf New- Jersey - UK) 21C'4 210 210
Chesa A Ohio .... 4,000 C 7 56 50
Chicago & Alton .. 100 41 41 40
("hie & Alton nfd 200 81 14 81 78
Chic Great Western 14,000 22% 21% 21%
Chic & Northwest. 1,400 -224% 223% 223
Chic, M & St PauMl.ooo 185% 15414 IS4H
Chic Term & Trans '. 17^. \u25a0
fhic Term &. T pfd 35%
O. C, C, & St Louis 1,000 101 103% 100
Colo Fuel & Iron .. C.COO 47 40 40%
Colo & Southern . . COO 28% 28% 25%
Colo & Sou let pfd 200 «2% 62 C 2
Colo & Sou 2d pfd. SCO 40% 40>i 40
Ccnso! Mated Gas... 1.800-187% 187 187
Corn Products 2.900 10% 9% 9%
Corn Product* pfd 200 ' 4(1 4(5 45
Tlr!a & Hudson... J,3o<) 21(5«i 213% 214
Z>e'.a. Lack & West 500 470 4CO -i."is
lien & Rio Grar.di 200 34", 34% 34%
Denver &R G pfd of>o B:i% fin S9
D'«t Securities ... 100 -43% 4-U4 43U
Erie 14.300 4S<* 47V* 4SI&
Erlß Ift pfd ... 2,200 Ss'i S4T& B.>
Frie 24 pfd 700 7*iJA 74% 7-jJW
General Electric ... 1,3.0 184% 184% 183%
Hocking Valley.- $1
Illinois Central 1,700 17R% 177% 177
Internst Paper .... 4<K) 224 21%' 21%
! tr(te Paper pfd ... 100 80% 80% so'
lutfrnat Pump • 2S
Int Pump pfd so
li.wa Central . 400 29<X, 2ft% 2?»
lowa Cent t>fd ... 200 57 -"si- -57a: 57
Kans City Ro . .... 2,400 2R>4 27% "T".
Kar..« City Ro pf<J.. 4.400- <;o«,{ 59 69%
LcuisvlTlp & Naeh. 6,500 150% 149% -149%
Met. Sccur 400 53% • 83 ' 83%
Met St Ry . . . . 24.200 129% 128% 129W
Mcx Cent 12.900 23% 23% 23%
Minn & St. Lauls.. 2PO 68% 68 ' 63
M. St P& S Ste M 900 141% 140% 14014
M.S P&S S M pfd ....,; . 163%
Mo Pac 20. 400 v 105% 103% 101%
Mo. Kan & T«x . . . 23.900 34% 35% . 3384
Mo K& T pfd ... 10.C00 72>4 70 - 71%
National l>ad 4,«;00 : 47% 43% 4f)<*
Nat R R-of M pfd ..... 39%
New York Cent . . 37.900 15614 154% 155
NYO & W .....* 5.800 50 54% F. 5%
Norf & West ...... LlttO SG'i 86% ' Bfi
Norf & Wvpfd ... •••>- • 90
Northern Pacific../ 1,800,213% 211% 212
N Am (ex dlv) . .*. 1.100 - 101% 100% . 100%
;•;..: Mali ..... 42%
Pennsylvania 41.700 145% 144% 144 "6
People's Gas ...... 2,700 105% 103% 105%
P, CC& St L .... "...:..... ..... SO.
Pressed Ste«l Car . 300 46% 45% 4G
Pr Steel C»-*fd •• 100 i) 5% 95% ' t»5
New York Stock 3larket.
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
Feedstuff's are firm as a rule, while the Hay
market is overstocked, and weak, with con
tinued heavy receipts, as .' will be seen else
where. •
BRAN— S2I 50622 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S26<§2B 50 per ton.
SHORTS— S23S24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $21@23;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $33 5035C4 50; jobbing.
$35; Cooanut Cake at mill, $22(322 50; Jobbing.
$23: Cocoanut Meal at mill. $22@ 22 50; Jobbing,
823: Corn Meal. $30030 50; Crackei Cm.
S3O 50@31; Mixed Feed. $22 50<g24; Hone
Beans, $30i??40 per ten; Groom Corn Feed. 80c
per ctl: Caifalfa Meal, carload lots. $21; Job
bing, $22 50 per ton: Mealfalfa. $18 in car lots
and $20 for 'smaller quantities. .
HAY— Wheat, $7®13 50; Wheat and Oat.
$6@12 50; Oat. $C#11: Barley and Oat. $U 5C@
9 50: Barley. $e@3": Volunteer Wild Oat. $f.@7;
stable, -jeQS; stock, $4 sC'@6; Clover. $7<ol0;
Alfalfa, $6@9 per ton. -•-
STRAW— 3O@SOc per bale. . •
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hides rule firm and the occasional change*
almost always show' an advance. Tallow ia
quoted slightly lower. Wool Is also firm, with
a practically bare market.
Local brokers are now quoting higher prices
for both old and new Hops, but say the mar
ket continues quie:. Picking begins next week
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about Vjfglc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, l'-c: medium, HHc; light. He: Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and lie for light:
Stags, BW.c: Salted Kip. lie; Salted Veal. 12c;
Salted Calf. 13c; dry Hides, 19^c; dry
Kip. 17c; dry Calf. 22c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
25®5Pc each; yhort Wool. Cofi9Oc each; medium.
9Oc0«l 25; long Wool $1 25£2; Horse Hide,',
salt $3 25 for large and $2 75 for medium.
$2 25 for small and SOc for Colts: Hcrse
Hides. <-dry. .$1 75i??2 for large and $1 50 for
mfdium. $1 for- small and s<)c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican,
25c: dry Central American. aOc. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do. $1 25;
large. 50c: medium, 5Cc: small. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%©4 c per. lb:
No. 2. 3S3iie; Grease. 2®2V a c.
WOOL — Spring clip — HumboMt , and Mendo
cino. 28'<?30c. Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs,
free. 170TlOc; do, defective. loiglSc per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop, 15320 C per lb; 1905 crop.
14@16c. --„=
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15. — Money on call easy
at I** i§2 cer cent; closing bid, 1% per cent:
offered at 2 per cent. Time loans steady and
4iull; :;0 days. 2%&".'. per cent; »0 days, 3%<g
3^5 p«?r cent; cix luonths, 4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4@4^ per cent.
Sterling Exchange steady with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.5670®4.8675 for de
mand ar.d at $i.5470 for tO-day bills. Posted
rates, $1 SGV4-* S7&. Commercial bills,
$4 S*%.
Bar silver, 59vic.
Mexican dollars. 46c. v
Government bonds strong. Railroad bonds
firm.
»vr York 3loney Market.
rrtee. f or AJI j^^^ Adrnndns, With
the Demand Urgent.
Mail report* from New York tay of Dried
. FVu:u:
"A a vice* from the Cotst yesterday indicated
» otrcr.r ar.d advanclag market for nearly all
varieties cf dried fruiia. The immediate cauie
cf thl« Is the efTorts of ehorts to cover, the
•-.on interest la Prunes. Peaches and Apricots.
put more pti-ticularly in the first mentioned
\tnety. being reported as very heavy. Paek
•fs. v U said, are only beginning to realize
t..at the reported shortage in fruit crops on
*-*c Coart was not, as hae too often been the
case, exaggerated to help the growers to get
tetter prices lor their fruit, but is turning
en to be worst than was anticipated by the
i«~st conservative. The consequence is that
there is now a scramble to cover contracts
,vitn distributers in consuming markets, which
»ere raeds in many instances at prices a cent
cr more a pound under the loweet figure* now
parried by growers. Eastern jobbers who also
*tre ekectlcal of th« reported crop shortage
er.a hey.d back orders until the last moment are
new coming in to buy. and th« resulting or-
Oer6 are materially assisting the upward
tpoyerr.erit o£ prices on the Coast. Prominent
Drc'kers :n this market aeoerted yesterday that
Prunes of the 1905 Santa Clara crop were
not obtainable for October ehiDment below
fcVjc t. o. b. bag basis, though early In the
Cay seine business was put through ca a 3Vic
f. 0. b. baeis. In many cases sellers on the
Coast have advanced their prices to a 4c f. o.
c. b&x basis. Peaches eeem to be In a very
ptrong position and brokers complain that they
frd n hard to set firm cuctaUoas from the
. !k \u25a0\u25a0- •*• and thes« are invariably too much abo\-e
"^^» idea* of buyers to admit of buelne&s. Latest
eovices from the Coast cay that the market
baa advanced so rapidly and is in euch an ex-
Cited condition tfcat packers are unwilling to
quote. The latter are said to b« paying th«
t growers 715 c for choice. The Apricot crop.
while comparatively large, falls short of ex
pectations, and the fact that this ie the cheap
est dried* froit in the list has caused heavy
Fr- culative bu>ing, with the reewlt that many
ciFtricts. including those which produce lew
grades and in which trade usually drags, have
b*en cleaned up by the larg« packers. Sales
to Europe are reported to have been very
heavy, some advice* intimating that tha for
eign markets have, overbought. Orders from
buyers in this market oa the baeie of 6^c
f. o. b. for choice Royals were confirmed early
yesterday, but at the dose it was considered
to be doubtful if lees then 7c f. o. b. would
be accepted for prompt shipment. The Coast
market le reported to be practically bare of
loose and seeded muscatel Raisins, \u25a0while the
quantity of other varieties that may be avail
able is Insignificant. No offerings of Califor
r.la loose r-uscatels are ma fie on the spot here,
end •ellers of Coast seeded are holding prices
firmly \ip to th« advance noted ye6terday. Cur
rar.ts remain firm, but at present prices buy
ers .\u25a0\u25a0(-; loth to tak« hold."
EASTERN MARKETS.
DRIED FRUITS EXCITED.
There is nothing new under this head, there
being the average trade at quotations which
have ruled for some time.'
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80$
5 10, \u25a0 usual terms; Bakers'. Extras, $4 70 - igs;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4®4 5J
per bbl.
•FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices in packages
are as follows :> Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour. $3 75; Rye Meal, $3 50; Rice
Flour, $S; Corn Meal, $2 75:' extra Cream do.
$3 75; Oat Meal, $4 25@4 50; Oat Greats, ?1 CO;
Hominy, $3 75<g4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50g>
4 75; Cracked Wheat. ?3 75: 'Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls.
$6 50@7 50; in sacks. $o@7; Pearl Barley, $«;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 CO p«r
100 lbs.
Flour and Furizinrroas Goods.
interior. Water plenty. Favorable reports of
next orange crop continue. * '.•.'\u25a0 ii
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%«^
8c per lb; White Lead. 7%®Sc. according to.
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— %Z'n?A 50 for local us« and
$35@37 per flask for export.
SALT — Bales. 90c for common and $1 for
granulated: Dairy. $5 50 per ton; Granulated.
%W§ 50: Half Ground. IW-lb bags. $3 23; d>.
50-lb bajrs. $3 73; Rock Salt. $2 75« a in 10»>
and $3 25 In 50-lb bag«- Genuine Liverpool.
$11 50. $12 50 and $13 s<> per ton ;n packages
of 224. 110 and f-0 lbs respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows. p*r lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.3Uc;
Powdered. 5.15 c: Candy Granulated. 5.13 c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.C5c; Fruit Granulated, 5.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (ICO-lb bags only). 4.9T>c: Cocfact.'ocers"
A. 5.05 c: Marnolia A, AXTiq- Extra C 4.Me;
Golden C, 4.15 c; "D.'" 4S5c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 5»Mb
bags. lCc more for all kinds. "Tablets — H»l*
barrels. 5.55 c: boxes. s.W>c; H. & E. - Crystal
Domlnos. 8.05 c per lb. No orcier taken for less
than serenty-fiv<f barrels or its equivalent.
" LUMBER — Pine, ordinary sizes. <ls!@li>; ex
tra sizes, higher; Redwood.- $10rg23; Lath. \
feet. $3 75^4; Pickets. fIXOSh Shingles. $2
for N'j. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes. $14 for
split and .$l5 for sawn: rustic. $Z.V,i.X.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal OU, in bulk, lie: Pearl Oil. In cases.
17% c: Astral. 17% c: Star. 17% c; Extra Star.
20% c; Elaine. 20c: Eocene. 19V,c; Stove Gaso
line, in! bulk. 14% c; in cases. 21c; Motor Gaso
line, "in bulk, l*Vic; in case*. 21c: No. 1 En
gine Distillate, iron barrels or drums. Sc; No..
2 do. 6%c; cases, 6V»c more; Benzine, in bulk.
12% c; cases, 19c; S«-degree Gasoline, ia bulk.
25c: in eases, 31e.
TURPENTINE — S6c per ration in cases and
SOc In drums and Iron barrels.
for Ceylon, and 55c for . Australian ; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 63c; natural Whale OU. 60c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 63c:
Pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c; No. 1 Neatafoot Oil.
57% c; Herring Oil. 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish OH. 35c: Paint CIS. 35e.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6c per lb for
California compound. 7*ic 'for Eastern com
pound . ar.d 10c for pure; half barrels, pure.
IOV4c; JO-lb tins. 10% ci 5-lb ties. 10% c; 3-lb
tins, lie- "'
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, BV*c: three
half barrels, SVic; one tierce. Sc; two tierces.
7 %c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12% c per lb for
heavy. . 12% c for lieht medium. 13%@14e
for light. 14@lJ>i..c for *xtra light and 1«%O
ISc for sugar-cured ; dry Salt Sides, 10%@ll%c;
Bellk-s, . 1-c; Eastern sugar-cured Hams.
140!'.4%c : California Hams. 13c; Mess Beef.
$9 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $10: Family. $11:
prirr.a Mess Pork, $14; extra clear, $19 50;
Mess, $17 50: Pig Pork. $22; Pigs 1 Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
Provision*.
The market continues quiet, but with a firm
tone, at still higher prices for some kinds of
Bacon and Lard. There is no change in bar
reled goods.
Future Grain and Provision*.; /-.
j CHICAGO.' Aug. 15.— The wheat market was,
easy at the opening. Elements of strength in
tho situation' were outweighed by, the Govern
ment weekly report-and by a bearlsh-^tone/in'
the market for cash wheat. September start
ed with a loss of %<g Vie and sqjd 4rfwn to
80% c. Sentiment' at this point became about
equally divided, the factors being in excess
of rain in the. Northwest and disinclination of
farmers Southwest to accept current prices.
To start prices upward it only needed the Im
petus of a report that owing to crop failure
the Rus«ian Gov*»rnrr--nt •* , oom>iiV-"«r •-»
strictlon of exports. Under the \u25a0 resulting de
mand from \u25a0 shorts and speculators September
advanced to Sl%c. The l**porj K.vuauou -v ;.ie
American seaboard contributed somewhat to
the better tone, quotations of gcod grades for
shipment abroad being considerably out of lino.
September closed steady, >/i^%c higher at
Biy.c. With the weather all that could be de
sired for the maturing of the corn crop there
was a feeline of bearishness among traders In
that cereal. The close was fairly steady. Sep
tember closed Vie lower at ri2Vi@s2%c.
The market. for oats ruled firm. Ssptember
closed *-*.r. hiffher at 25% c. , *
Provision prices early were dei>r«33s<;.l \>y a
decline in Quotations for live hoes, but sup
port by packing interests brought about a
action. Ssptember pork showed a gain of 10c,
lard was r--iict!caUy unchanged and ribs wore
up ni(f/.12%c. , „ -.-:.\u25a0\u25a0
The leading futures ranged as follows-.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
September . 7. . 81% Sl%" 80% 81%
December 82% S3 82% S2Vi
May S3 85% 85 65%
Com No. 2— \u0084 , ro .,
Sept. (01d)...... 53 5vJ% ,5-% sJvj
Sept. tnew) ; 52% 32% 52%
Dec. f01d)...... 46H 46% f"? ?>Q
Dec. (n*vJ)..... 41% 44% 44% 44%
May ....:...... 44% 44% 44 44
Sepfemb?r 2~.2 ~. 25% 25% 25% 25%
December ...... 26% -20%, 26% 26%
May...., 28«4 28% 25% 28%
Mess Pork, per bbl— '• _
September .....14 22% 14 40 14 22% 14 37%
October ........14 27% 14 47% 14 27% 14 45
Lard, per 100 lbs — - _
September .....7 82% 785 780 790
October \u25a0 . . ....:. 790 795 790 • 790
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— _
September ..... 8 07% 8 82% 8 67% 8 80
October. S 77% - 8 1>2% 8_ 75 890
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Mezv York Stocks unsettled. Cotton lozver.
Local Gas Bonds and Stocks active and irregular.
Silver and Exchange shotv little variation.
Nczv Cash Wheat lozver. Barley Futures higher.
Oats, Corn, Rye and Beans unchanged.
Hay still depressed under heavy arrivals, rcedstuffs unclianged.
Potatoes steady and selling well. Onions and Vegetables zt^eak.
Poultry higher under an active demand.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits in fair average demand.
Dried Fruits excited, with Prunes, Peaches and Apples higher.
Raisins -firm. Honey dull and Nuts quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Hams, Bacon and Lard firm at the general advance.
.If Hops quoted higher. Wool, Hides and Leather firm.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in good supply and unchanged.
SUMMARY -OF THE MARKETS.
Pull Pal Car ..... 10.000 257% 255 "254
Reading 23.100 110^ '109^ lOU?;
Reading Ist pfd .. 1,400 05V£ 04Ti 94^i
Reading 2d pfd 300 afi-i 92 \i 9;t
Kepublic Steel .... 900 \u25a0-. 21-Ti .21% 21U
Kep Steel pfd 2.000 S7-14 571.4 87^
Kock Island C 0.... 3«.700 34>i - 35Ts 33%
Rock Island Co pfd 58,700 .79^4 '78%.; 79
Rubber Goode 34%
Rubber Goods pfd.. ..... ....104^
Sloss Steel... .. 1,500 91 00 V a 9O'/i'
StL &SF 2d pfd.. 3.900 70?4 C9%~ 70%
St Louis & S W.. 1,200 25 24-£ 24>A
St L& S W pfd.. 100 C2'.4 V «52% 02»,i
Southern Pacific... 17,100 G7lis 66% : 660*
Southern Pac pfd.. ..... IIS'A
Southern Railway.. 12.900 36V» 35Vi 33H
Southern Ry pfd.. 300 100 99* i _ OO'Ji
Term Coal & 1r0n. . -12.200 91^ S'Jfe «0%
Texas «fc Pacific... 5.500" 36% 2<i ' . SB
T. St L& W 600 BSM, 38% 38V1
T, St L& W pfd.. 100 57& 57^ ... 57 ] .i
Union Pacific 60,300 Vl34Vi 133% 133%
Union Pacific pfd.. " 200 , DO 99 US .
U S Express. .... .... 123
US Realty .... .*•• 01
U S Rubber 2,900 55 54% 64%
U S Rubber pfd.. 1,000 lllVj HOft . 110
U S Steel \u0084 21,600 36V4 36 36^
U S Steel pfd: 14,300 105 104,$ \u25a0 104Vj
Va-Crollna Chem.. 1.900 34% 34 . 34^6
Va-Caro Chem pfd. 1.100 107% 107 107 Vi
Wabash .4,500 20% 20% 'MVj.
AVabash pfd / 3.400 43% 42 42
Wells Fdrgo Ex 240
Westinghouse Eiec. 100 170 170 170
Western Union 400 «J3% 03% 93%
Wheeling & L E.. 400 ISVb 18 Wi
Wisconsin Central. 7,800 29% 28% 25%
Wieconein Cen pfd. 1,700 57^ 5614 j.jWH
Total eales /. 751, 000 shares.
Xevr York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .i 04% Japan 6s. 2d ser. loo^
Do c0up0n...... 104i4 Japan 4%5, cert.. 90%
Do 3s reg .103U Japan 4%5. 2d ser 8«%
Do coupon 103 Vi L & N' unified 4s. 104
Do new 4s reg.132% Man con gold 45. 101%
Do coupon 132% Mcx Central 45... 78
Do old 4s reg.. 104 Do Ist inc. .. . .. 24
Do c0up0n...... 1 04 Minn & St L 4s. 9i%
Anier Tob 45.....-76 Vi M. X & Toxas 4s. 102%
Do 6s U6U Do 2ds 8i "4
Atch gen 4s 104 V» NR of Mcx con 4s S3>4
Do adj 4s OSUiN V C gen 5»4«.. WJfi
Atlantic C L 45. 103 !N J C gen os. ---134%
Bait & Ohio 45..105H!N0r Pacific 4s. \u25a0 \u25a0
Do 314s 95% Do 3s V%IaJ?
Central of Ga 55.114 Nor& W con 45,102^
Do Ist Inc 99 OS L refdg 45... 9«vi
Do 2d Inc .S6 Pa cony 3%5.. ...105*4
Ches & Ohio 4%5.110% Reading gen 45.. .102v8
Chi & Alton 3V4s: 80^ S L & I M con 55.116 Vi
C. B & Q new 43.101% St L & S F tg 4s. 8«
C. R I & Pac 4s. 83% St L S W con 4s. 82^
Do col 5s 96 Seaboard A L 4s. 90
CCC & SLgn 45.103 So Pacific 45..... C 5%
Chi Term 4s 95 Do Ist 5s ..... flji*
Colo Midland 45.. 78 So Railway 55.... 119%
Colo & So 4s 94 Tex & Pac 15t5..123^
Colo Ind ss. jer A 72% ToK St L, & W 4s. Bfi
Do ss, eer 8.. 71 Union Pacific 45.106^
Cuba ss. cert 10S% Do cony 4s 133H
Den & Rio O 45.102 U S Steel 2d 55.. ».% -
Diet Securities 5s 81% Wabash lsts 11>*Mi
Erie prior lien 4s.iniu Do deb B . >3
Do gen 4s 93%!w & L Erie 45... 93%
F W & D C lsts.ll4 I Wis Central 45... 95
Hock Val 4%b..,110% Western Md 45... 88%
Japan 6», cert... .110%!
Xew Tork Mining Stock*.
Adams Con 30] Little Chief. 05
Alice. 55lOntario .2JO
Breece 40 Ophir 6 3i»^
Bruns Con 17 Phoenix 02
Comstock Tunnel. 07 Potosl ««
Con Va Mln Co.. 1 15 Savage • . ov
Horn Silver ..... 1 75 Sierra Nevada 27
Iron Silver 3 40! Small Hopes "8
Leadville. C0n.... 05! Standard 140
Boston Stocks and Bond*.
Money— U S Steel pfd 104%
Call loans 2%@3% Westing Common. S3
Time 10an5.... 3%@4% Mining—
Bends — \u25a0. Adventure SM.
Atchlson 4s 102 ! Alloue* 33%
Do adj 4s 96% Amal Copper ...: 84
Mcx Central 45.. 76 Amer Zinc 10
Railroads— Atlantic ...17%
Atchison 84% Bingham .- 30%
Do pfd 10?.% Calumet & Hecla.67s
Boston & Albaay.2s4 Centennial 24H
Boston & Maine.l 77 Copper Range ... 66»fe
Boston Elev ....154% Daly West 14
Fltchburg pfd.. ..146 Dom Coal 78
Mcx Central 23% Franklin 11%
NY.N H & H..207 Granby 7%
Union Pacific ...133% Isle Royals .22 -.
Miscellaneous — jMass Mining .... 8%
Aroer Arge Chem. 22% Michigan ......;.. 14
Do jifd ...92 Mohawk 5J
Amer Pneu Tube. 7% Mont Coal & Coke 3
Amer Sugar ....144 Old Dominion ... 27
Do pfd : :;.130% Oseeola ..:........ 98 '
Amer Tel & Te1. 143% Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 3f1% Quincy 101
Do pfd 102 Shannon .; IV\
Dom Iron & 5... 22 Tamarack 120
Ed Elect 11ium.. 253 Trinity :.... 8%
Oen Electric IS3 United Copper .... 35
Mass Electric 18 U S Mining 32%
Do pfd 61 U S Oil ;. 10%
Maps Gas 50% U|ah 45
United Fruit 107 Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach... 85 Wlnona 12
Do pfd 32". Wolverine 119^
U S Steel ; . 36%|
London (.losing Stocks.
Cons money 90 7-16 N V Central. ... .159%
Do for acct 90% Nor & Western... 89
Anaconda 6 -Do pfd ..i 96
Atchison .92% Ont & Western... 52%
Do pfd 107 Pennsylvania ..... 74%
Bait & Ohio 120 Rand Mines ..... 9%
Can Pacific 164% Reading 56%
Ches & Ohio 58^. Do Ist pfd 45%
Chi Great West.. 22U Do 2d pfd 47%
Chi. Mil & -St P. 190 ISo Railway 37%
De Beers 17 I Do pfd 102-
Den & Rio O r.s%] So . Pacific ... fi9%
Do pfd ........ 92>4 Union Pacific ....13S
Erie 49% Do Dfd 100
Do Ist pfd..... 87*4 U S 5teeL. ....... 87U
Do 2d pfd..... 77V* Do pfd' 100U
111 Central ......IS4 Wabash .......... 21 .
Louis & "Na5h.... 154% Do pfd 43
M, X & Texas... 34 Spanish 4s 9214
Bar silver — Firm; 27% d per ounce.
Money — 1%@1% per cent
The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills Is 1% per cent and for three
months' bills 1 15-10 per cent.
NEW YORK.VAug.' 15.— Special Helegraph
and cable communications received iby-Brad
streets show^the lollowlng changes,: in avail
able . supjj les. as ; compared with urevious ac
counts: . i • >:"•\u25a0.-. . -
WHEAT — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increased 1,092.000 bushels; afloat
for! and in Euroiie. decreased 2,400.000. Total
supplies, decreased I,3CS,CCO. . -
CORN— United States and Canada, east of.
the Rockies, decreased 1.110.000 bushels. - \u25a0
: OATS — VJnlUd States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, .-(.uSS.CCO bushels. 7
Available Grain Supply.
Spelter is unchanged, closing . at £24 10s In
London and atss 70@5 80 locally. ••--•.. .V*
; Iron closed at 49s \u25a04d in Glasgow and at
47s 3d" In Middlesboro/ Locally the ..market
was unchanred. •-. . '. ' •. .\u25a0
ppot '; and ; futures. Locally lake and electro
lytic are quoted at $15 62>£gl5 87% andcast
injr at $15 25015 50. - \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0: .r - ' n V o ',i.
Lead was firm," tut unchanged, at - £13,15«
4d , in London and ' at $1 «o@4 70 . in | the ; local
market
'- \u25a0 Open. High.: Low. Clcse.
December ... 90 V4 90? i 99 V 4 89%
v •\u25a0'. - . 2 '\u25a0 p. :m; Session. \u25a0
December — 99% c.
OATS — The situation shows no particular
change. ' The market is . sufficiently supplied
for all i current needs ' and receipts are not
heavy. There is a gr-- filing demand for
fine, .'clean, heavy Oats. . .
Red, $1 J0&1-W for choice. $1 22&01 27Vi
for fair to good and $1 12H@1 20 for common;
Black for seed, $1 40; Grays. $1 45 per ctl
asked.' •-. -\u25a0 :
' CORN — More .Western came 'in yesterday,
the second* shipment following the long sus
pension of recelpis from that source. . The
market continues quiet, featureless and .un
changed. -
Western sacked, $1 40@l 42% for Yellow and
White and $1 40 for Mixed ; California large
Yellow, $1 404fl 45; small round do, $1 &>->J
1 CO; White, $1 37}j@l 42H; Egyptian, $1 40®
1 50 for White and $1 35® 1 40 for Brown.
RYE — Continues quiet, with light offerings,
at $1 471&4J1 -.52% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI "s<g2 25 per ctl.
Open. High. ' Low.- Close.
December. \u0084.$1 35% $1 35% \u25a0$1 33% $1.35%
\u25a0'-\u25a0 BARLEY— .Prices- for- cash' grain ".have not
changed for some days; the market being quiet
and steady, with choice, bright (new Feednrm.
Futures " were higher - yesterday, with some
activity.- - i >>_-. ; .
'\u25a0'.;... '"..... -^.CASH BARLEY. > . ..,
Feed, 95®SS«4c for common and $I@l 05 for
good to choice; new Brewing, $1 07^@l 10;
Chevali<Pr, fl 'Jo@l 30 per ctl. • .
S ' FUTURES. \u25a0....'...'•
S Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
' . \u25a0/<- FUTURES.
'•.--. Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open: High. Low. Clcse.
December ...$1 35>4 $1-3554 ;$1 35V» *1 33U'
' ' •'- I . '.' .2" P. m. Session.. , *' \u25a0 '."
California Club, * $1 45@1 55; California
White -Australian.' $1 5501 60; Northern Club.
$1 40; Northern^ Eluestem, :?1 47}s@l 50:
Northern Red," $13 8% per ctl: lower grades cf
Wheat,. $1.30@l 35 per ctl.r .;.;<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
and weak an 4 the" quotations' show a'^new
plane of values as they now represent the new
crop. The i Quotations for. new crop- Northern
are to arrive, / -•-.' s :."--'.•\u25a0•; . : '"'
\u25a0 Futures were steady to firm, but ' not active.
: \u25a0? :\u25a0<:\u25a0'.'\u25a0': -cash- wheat. '\u25a0\u25a0•..•\u25a0 ';.\u25a0 '*•
are' all higher and r buyers are urgent for sup
plies. Many holders of. new Prunes have now
advanced ; their asking price to a 4e: basis for
the four sizes. The conditions are completely
set torth in the • New York report -in the nxtt
column.; It: shows that there are. large short
Interests which sold 'earlier In the season and
are now* scrambling to fill their contracts,
I even at higher prices than they sold at. This
Is a "great year for Dried , Fruits. New Pears
and Nectarines -are now Quoted..
Honey is very dull and dragging locally,
but' broker* '-report liberal shipments of tha
new crop, from the interior. Prices show no
material change. Raisins rule firm. There
is nothing new in Nuts. . * •
FRUlTS— Apricots. e&frSfte for new crop
Royal3-and £ 812 c .- for : Moorparks; Peaches.
7H©7?ic tor standards, B©Sttc for choice, B*s,
&9c for extra' choice and 9H@loc for fancy;
Fears, new." 7<ff lie; Nectarines. tK?7c: Plums,
1 nominal; new Evaporated Apples. 7@SVic: »un
! dried. per lb; new Figs, boxes, 50c for
' choice, 55c for extra choice and 60c for fancy;
bulk white, 2%424c per lb.
PRUNES— OId crop. 2 s ' *23c. per lb for the
four sizes and offl3Vic basis for the large siz.s.
New crop Prunes, 3W@3%iC. four size basis,
with many sellers now holding for 4c.
RAISINS— IBO4 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Dehesa
clusters, $1 35@1 40; LonCon Layers, S3*f9sc;
Loose Muscatels. 4-crown. s}ic: 3-crtjwn. 4?ic;
2-crown, 3Hc; Thompson's Seedleis. 4%e:
Seeded, 4Vi®6i4c per lb.
NUTS— Walnats. ; No. 1 softshell. 12@13c;
No. 2. lC@llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12e; No. 2.
10c; Almonds 16@17e for Nonpareils. 15<glt5s
for I X L and Ne Plus Ultra and 11012 c for
Languedoc; .Peanuts. 6@7c for \u25a0 Eastern; Pc- :
cans, ll<Sl3c: Cocoanuts. 51 st@s.
HONEY— Comb. 10<®llc for white and 7@9c \u25a0
for amber; water white extracted. s®s^c;
light amber extracted, 4@r>c; dark. S@3Vsc;
Hawaiian, 262V4c for extracted. ,':,'-:
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO" ;CALL, WEDNESDAY^ AUGUST IC, >1005. •
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
£s» 5^ fey
AUCTION SALE
100— HORSES— 100
By order of E £ WESTLAKE of 81arra
County we will sell ICO head of broken and
i unbroken mares act geldings weighing from
1000 to 13Ci> pounds, from 4 to S years old.
These horses ara all In first-class condition.
This will be an opportunity to secure good
horses at your own tlgure. aa there la abso-
lutely no limit or reserve on this stock.
Sale takes place at 11 a. m.
To-acoßncw.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 17th.
, At J. B. HORAN'S SALESYARD
Cor. Tenth and Bryant Sts.
HORD & SMITH. Auctioneers. 741 Mission st.
Auction Sa!a Horses and Harness f^
WEDNESDAY. August 16, at 11 a. m..
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth Street.
By order of the Moulton Drayage Co. of
Oakland I -will sell all of their Horses and
Harness, consisting of 15 good Horse 9. weigh-
ing from 1150 to 1600 lbs.; 4 sets of Truck. 4
sets Double Wagon. 2 sets Lead. 3 sets Slngta
Wagon and 2 pets Buggy Harness.
Also other Horses Wagona and Harness.
Stock can be s<*en after August 14 at 3C7 Sixth
street. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Miss Pearl Doherty and Miss May
belle Laughton.were appareled. so mod
estly, not to pay shabbily, when Patrol
man O'Brien saw them nocturnally flit
ting; from cafe to cafe. In the tender
loin that he felt? perfectly, justified in
arresting them for vagrancy. .
"We ain't no vags," Miss. Doherty
protested, "but actresses out \u25a0 of a' Job.
Me an* this lady do a sister turn, an'
if we happen to be out ot an engage
ment that ain't no reason" we should be
taken for vags."
Miss Laughton also expostulated, but
in vain. "Ye look like actresses, don't
ye?" queried"? the officer, -derisively,
"with your dinky little automobile caps
and your dingy dresses?" ' ,
When the prisoners were released on
bail, they promised to prove to -Patrol-"
man O'Brien that their sartorial aspect
was not' ow.ing. to lack of ; costly and
fashionable wardrobe. And "they made
good their word by appearing before
Judge' Conlan "in such gorgeous attire
that they were the observed- of all ob
servers In his court. Upon the coiffure
of each of them rested a hat of. extra
vagant "circumference and 'variegated
floral decoration, and their gowns were
Of rich : scarlet satin, heavily ; embroid
ered with' blue and yellow silkencords
and festooned with black "glassware
that Jangled' with their slightest move
ment. .The brilliant display , caused
his Honor to blink, and Clerk "Jack"
Rice, who plumes' himself on being a
connoisseur in feminine' garb, whis
pered to Bailiff "Jack" Laws that the
defendants were T "awn rayglay," *to
which the bailiff responded that he
thought they were accused of vagrancy.
'.'We ain't no vags," Miss Doherty
pleaded, andp then ! Miss Laughton in-
The transport was docked when Mr.
Johnson twitted Mr. McDermott on his
dilatoriness'in getting the crew's Sun
day, breakfast ready for service. Mr.
McDerniott avers that Mr.. Johnson shot
at him without justifiable provocation,
and Mr. Johnson asseverates that .he
did. not shoot until Mr. McDermott. had
run him ashore at poker-point, and that
even then: he shot merely, with intent
to frighten, and not to kill. More tes
timony will be heard to-day.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
As they sat side by Bide in the cage of
Police" Judge Fritz's court, Edward Mur
phy and James McQuillan, both booked for
vagrancy, held whispered converse, and
when Mr. Murphy was summoned to the
bench he winked assuringly at Mr. Mc-
Quillan and shuffled forth.
He was a barber by profession, Mr.
Munrphy told the Judge,' and would con
fess that he had been on a spree for sev
eral weeks prior to his arrest In China
town. * Was he a user of; opium? Well,
yes — to limited extent. That was to say,
while he occasionally sought solace in the
drug, he was not enslaved by it. '
"But' I want to get away from both
booze and dope,", he added, "and if y.ou
First One -Wins With Court/ but Same
Words From Second Draw Thirty Days.
They l Announce Desire; to Abandon Gity
Idleness for Rural Industry.
TWO VAGABONDS EXPRESS
A SINGLE AMBITION.
Petitions in Insolvency.
" Petitions in insolvency were filed In th»
United States District Court yesterday as fol
low Amzy J." Wilson,' saloon-keeper. Red
BlufT liabilities $4217. assets 5853; Edward
ilcrin saloon-keeper. Bed Bluff. liabilities
$4fi4o." assets J4O.
On complaint of W. G. Robblns, a follower
of the race track. Policeman Harry Hook ar
rested Kate: Jones In her room at 359 O'Farrell
street yesterday . afternoon and booked her at
the City Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Robblns alleges that he called upon the woman
and alter he left her he discovered that a dia
mond ring valued at $200 had been stolen from
him. .
Accuses Woman ' of ; Larceny.
Don't Cost Money.
They save it. , Here at last Is the solution —
Twlnlock Loose Leaf Ledgers. Made to last
as long as you do. No ' opening new books —
one book does It — all accounts are current.
Made In any size or form of ruling and print-
Ing. Used for . any business. A pleasure for
our salesmen to explain. Catalogue. \ San
borh. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. : •
John Francis Green la Charzed on
Three Count* for False Natural
ization and Perjury.
Th» United States Grand Jury presented a
report yesterday dismissing the charges against
Gerard Euganl and William Rohrs for passing
raised bills. Indictments were found against
the following: Leo Griggs» alias McQrayan. for
having passed raised bills upon PasquaUna
Oescalzo. Timothy O*Keef» and Mary Durles;
Sven Fernstrom for perjury for having false
'ljr sworn before the United States local In
spectors that he was a citizen: John Kranct3
Green for perjury for having sworn before tha
irwpecjors that he was a citizen, for having 1
fraudulently registered himself as a citizen . In
the Fourteenth Precinct of th» Twenty-ninth
Assembly District, and for having: In posses
sion a false and fraudulent certificate of natur
alization: John Kerr. for beating and wound
ing Frank .Ramos upon the high seas; Fred
Johnson, for having passed* a raised bill upon
John Konerzer.
Pure food laws are good. Burnett's
Vanilla is pure." Insist upon navtng- Burnett's. *
Steamship Company Fined.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company has
been fined $100 by the Secretary of the De
partment of Commerc* and Labor for havinii
carried frjm Ancon to this port la tho steamer
Acapulco Chan Choo, a Chinese afflicted with
a contagious disease.
FEDEIt.VL GRAM) JTRORS
I^TDICT SEVERAL PERSONS
headquarters that the league forces
will carry eleven Assembly districts
on November 7. The Thirty-ninth and
Forty-fourth districts, which went to
the grafters' alliance in the primary
election, will be won out for the league
in the next .battle.
Prediction Is : made .at Republican
' ;Fifty. canvassers .for the San Fran
cisco Republican League have been
placed -in the field and fifty more will
be addedKtb^ the force in a' few days.
The,. canvassers will - ascertain the
names .of. all • registered . and unregis
tered-voters in every precinct of the
city. •.'-„\u25a0_- '
The membership of the league is con
stantly increasing. Citizens in sym
pathy with the. movement to rescue the
city from the sway of graft . are earn
estly requested to join the organiza
tion. \u25a0 "-I-*-,*".'^:- » '
Recognizing the fact that we are again ap
proaching; a municipal campaign. . and al?o
realizing that we wlfh the head; of our city
government to be guided by the hands of one
who Is an earnest advocate . of the principles
of organized labor and who Is ever willing
to assist us to bring about fair conditions and
living .- wages; therefore be it
> Resolved, .by Stablemen's Union No. .8760.
at a regular meeting assembled at 102 O'Far
rcll street. That we Indorse the administration
of our honorable Mayor. Eugene E. Schmltz,
and also use our best endeavors to secure his
renominatlon and election.
A resolution indorsing John J. Greif
for County Clerk and. recommending
him for favorable consideration by the
convention was unanimously adopted.
The Stablemen's Union No. 8760,
Thomas F. - Finn president and Frank
Miller, secretary, has adopted the fol
lowing: . V
'\u25a0 Resolved, That ' each and every member of
this delegation denounces these Infamous
rumors, and hereby pledges* himsilf to stand
for the principles . of the San Francisco Re
publican League from first to last, clean poli
tics and a clean administration.
The' Thirty/eighth Assembly District 1
Republican delegation, met last even
ing.- at 310 Fulton -street and elected
A. Van der NaillenJr. for chairman and
Charles C. Morris secretary. " The f ol-,
/lowing resolution was unanimously
adopted ,by. the: delegation and signed
by, every delegate:, • , ' \u25a0
i Whereas, .The delegates of the Thirty-eighth
Assembly. District were elected on a well .un
derstood and clearly denned antl-Ruef plat
form: an<? . .
'\u25a0: AVbereas, , False 'and scurrilous rumors have
been spread Uhat certain of our. members have
been persuaded or -may be persuaded to turn
traitor. -join -the ranks of the- enemy and be
tray, the- Republicans- of San Francisco:-there
fore be It «j_--. "/ - • \u25a0 .
favorably: mentioned are for;-.
merSupervisor Dr. Perrault. Dr. Henry'
Gibbons} and. former 'Superior. -Judge
Charles W. Slack. Many citizens /re-«
gar'd Judge Slack as the ideal' man *f or.
chief executive of the city. H.D. Love- 1 '
land is highly spoken- of as .a man- of;
energy and exceptional ability. James:
McNab B is - accredited .with the posses
sion of Equalities such as firmness, and 1
force of character that eminently .equip
him for the office oft Mayor. Raphael'
Wcill is spoken of asvan ideal-man for,
the' position. .. He is highly, esteemed 'ak'
a" public spirited man' of unswerving in-
tegrity. Business engagements called
him to. Paris ia^few months ago, but he
will.be in San Francisco before "Sep-1
tember l: , ' ; . ... . . ,
The name of Rudolph J. Taussig: is
added to the;llst ,df prospective candi-'
dates for/Mayor. He'is president of
the Institute and by virtue
of his position is a regent of the'Unl
versity of Ckllfornia.v He is known, as
an able 1 ; and popular business man.
The league delegations to the Repub
lican,, municipal convention have a
majority of • 100 ?.; and will nominate
a straightforward" antl-Ruef candidate
for Mayor. \ It is settled that the nom
inee .will be selected in 'caucus without
assistance or. suggestion from the
Ruefters.- ':' ';f;.*.£v .\u25a0..->.. ?:.-':" .-\ \u25a0' S- r
Republicans Expect to Win
Eleven of. the Assembly
Districts in Next Battle
CANDIDATES \FOR MAYOR
A nti-Euef Declarations Are
Adopted o by the Majority
forces of the Coiivention
LEAGUE COLUMN
IS INVINCIBLE
V Pour- suitsf cleaned'; and^ pressed^l. ai
month? ca.lled?for,rdelivered.-' Club ;Ren-*
ovatory,-638.Postst. Tel: East 421;: • :.•:*
Laborers in; the service of Castagrietti : & Co.,
engaged ; ln^eJtcavating • a lot? at) the) corner of
Beach -• and % Hyde » streets,"'-, found i'some^,; human
bones -yesterday iburiedTln ; the • sand."-t The 'bones
had i been r- there ': for : : many .'years. j;; They '<. were
taken to th^ Morgue, j \u25a0;; : r ; - •' '* " - .- '" '
Huntan '" Bonei^ Fonnd.
\en Consul for Chile.
Don Jose Augustin Verdugo Garnhanv has
be«n recognized by the Federal Department of
State as Consul for Chile at this port.
C. H. Bruhne, grocer. 200 Francisco street,
obtained a warrant from Police Judge Conlan
yesterday for the arrest of ''John Doe" Lang
on a charge of obtaining money by false pre
tense*. Bruhns alleges that Lang made a
email purchase In hie wore on Saturday and
gave In payment a $10 bill, receiving the
change. It was discovered that the bill was
of the State Bank of Georgia, which went
out of existence several years ago.
Passes a Dopn Bill.
A woman who buys the household
things without being guided by the
store-ads is as unwise as the pilot who
would steer a 3hip without chart or
compass — Just from "memory" and ex
perience. • -*
Judge -Fritz, began ': the ;\u25a0' preliminary,
bearing of :Chillion_-Bowen;:\ charged
with \u25a0 the murder of ."W. l j"W.'f Stephenson
on - August 5 at -;1015 % Larkin? street.
The "witnesses examined r were \u25a0Police
Corporal; George Russell,: Patrolman >M.
J.. : ; O'SulliYan;->Detective^ George kMul :
cahey ; Mrs. s G: \u25a0 Beck;- in • whose house
the killing 'occurred;;: and, Mrs. ;-liUcy, 5 P.
Stephensbn^ widow , ' of '^ the '.'deceased
rancher.li-Their : testimony was the same
as "adduced ' at; the i inquest.' r : Dr." L. V. D.
Baclgalupi,*;' autopsy f,surgewn; at , the
Morguq,, will beheardjthis.mprning.v v.
: Mrs. Mary Ann Hamilton, who;is'.lo
cally famed as -the world's* lady, cham
pion i window \ smasher,/ was -about / to
indulge : her ; penchant - on : Mission 5 street,
between . Fifth and ; Sixth, •• •. the
strong hand of/a ' policeman restrained
her, so she was booked "for drunken^
ness" \u25a0 only. Judge Conlan r gave \ her
twenty-fouri hours. «.
George Hakin was astride a motor
bicycle > and. chug-chugging. ,: merrily
along Fell street when a young {man
named .: Thomas ' ;Bowen -, derisively,
addressed - him ;r; r as : "Indian,", "where
upon Mr. Hakin shut- off his machine's
propulsive power,; Jammed . down tho
brake, dismounted and .smote . \u25a0 Mr.
Bowen's countenance,' for which he was
arrested and booked' for battery." ,As
his facial -contour and
clearly i proved that he was not ; an -In
dian," and that Mr. Bowen's bestowal of
that ; appellation upon , him .was \u25a0 utterly
unwarranted, . the case was dismissed
by Judge Conlan. .'' .
: "How do you feel this morning?"
Judge Fritz asked him. -i "Are > green
cows and 'striped , elephants still within
your range of .vision?'.! / ,. -
"No," replied Mr. McLaughlin, "and
If y,ou let^m'e depart I'll immediately
return . to . Benlcia.'V
, He departed.
Thomas McLaughlin sold his saloon
in'Be'nicia and with' the pecuniary ; pro
ceeds came to the city and'sampled- the
liquors dispensed in. ; mariy. 'barrooms
until. he began. to see things which; had
no . material "existence, when/ he pru
dently gave .himself . into," custody for
drunkenness. »
. "Stage costumes, I presume?"'-re
marked- his Honor, with- hand shading
eyes from the dazzling show. s • ... .
The ladies smiled' affirmatively and
were . instantly \u25a0 dismissed.
formed the court that the garments and
millinery there exhibited by her- and
Miss Doherty were merely a hint of
what ,they had in store, which thej
would prove to the court's satisfaction
if an officer were, appointed to accom
pany them to jtheir. apartments . at
Ellis and Taylor streets.!
"For I^don't mind telling you, Judge,"
Miss Laughton 'added, - "that me : and
Pearl "have "more clothes' than we know
what to'do' with."
As Labor day falls on Monday, the Butchers'
Union has permitted Its members to use dis
cretion in the hours of working for their em
ployers on the preceding Sunday and may
work at such hours on Monday as will not
conflict with the Interests of the public. All
the members of the union are, however, re
qu%ted to be in line at the hour set for the
f TuVnUun\e P d ar fhai the shops of Merrill
Bro- at Twenty-fourth and Bryant streets
and "convey & Shannon, at Twenty-fourth and
Hampshire streets, have been unionized and
arS therefore in good standing from a labor
'^Considerable comment has been going the
rounds, of the local unions in this city in con
sequence of the differences between Delegates
CaW and Dijeau In the teamsters' convention
lr "Vhiladlphla over the milk-wagon drivers
s«ue in this city. This trouble Is an after
math of the strife that disturbed the Labor
Council in tins city when Richard Cornelius
started his co-operative milk industry in op
position to the San Francisco Dairymen s As-
next meating of Carpenters 1 Union
483 a reconsidered vote will be taken as to
whether the union will turn out on Labor day.
At the last meeting of the union it was de
cided not to turn out. A reconsideration oi
this action was moved yesterday and will be
finally decided at the, meeting to be held.
Differences Between Delegates Casey
and Dljenu at Philadelphia Rouse
.Comment in Union Circles.
Ah Sue, the pretty Chlpese jfhi who es
caped Irom the Methodist Home at 912 Washing
ton etreet last Friday night and sought shelter
In th« City Prison, was taken back to the
home yesterday morning. She positively re
fused to leave her cell, declaring that she
would not return to the home, and force had
to be used to eet her \u25a0 out of the cell. She
cried bitterly aa she left the prison.
The girl was brought here from Seattle,
\u25a0wh«-e she had been In Jail for sixteen months
to await the result cf an appeal to the United
Etate; Supreme Court against her deporta
tion to China. She was brought from China
to Portland as a clave by a wealthy Chinese.
She has no desire to return to China, as she
has a lover, who followed her here from Se
attle. When che 3ed from the Mission Home
on Friday night she oxr>ect<;d to meet him.
but he failed to make his appearance and
ehe sought ehelter in the xirison. She declared
that she was not well treated at the home.
to 012 Washington Street,
Whence She Escaped.
Ah Sne Cries Bitterly When Returned
BUTCHERS WILL ARRANGE
TO MARCH ON LABOR DAY
CHINESE GIRL. PREFERS CELL
IX PRISON TO MISSION HOME
Horsford's Acid Phosphate
CUKES HKAJUA^Jtiiii
Caused by summer heat overwork, ner
vous disorders or Impaired digestion.
Relieves quickly.
.'lWhat time was it then?" .
"Doh "yo r tank," ; : : s Mr./"' Johnson an
swered f- with* some V asperi ty.t- ''that > ay
stope , tay.' : !oak ; at ; may, 1 watch iwheiif ay
naygar.bah 1 after may , with- ay. poaker?"
Mr. ..: Johnson , bared ;\u25a0 his : brawny . left
arm to show toUhe Judge "a bruised el
bow, ' which,'' he *; swore,' had J been ; bat
tered: with* a\kltchen l poker: wielded t by.
Mr.l McDermott . i While } he ; was >in I the
midst of 'his graphic .irecital; of 'the; en
counter ?that: culminated in the shoot-
Ing, the prosecuting attorney -asked
him:;v-V- -:?:V"C \u25a0:.;\u25a0.. ';'; .-- ' : -:''-<'\u25a0;\u25a0
August - Johnson was a messman
aboard the United > States transport
Warren 1 when he fired a i pistol -shot
which'' Alexander McDermott.Jthe negro
cook of the, same .stanch "ship, \ averred
was. aimed at him. v /
"Was' this the weapon*. the defendant
fired?" asked Public Prosecutor ( Ward,
in Judge Fritz's court,; presenting; for
McPermott's • inspection ;"a long-barreled
revolver i of - wide 'caliber. .; "..'.:. .
. "Kain't • sweah ,fo'- sho' dat\it; wuz,"
replied Mr.-. McDerrriott. . "De s f ackf am,
sah. Ah'Vwu'z too ;badly" skeered teh tek
notiz ob wat.de gun looked t lak."
Mrs. Bartlett, whose husband was shot
and killed by her 1 son, John A. Logan
Bell, in the yard ' of . the family home at
Fulton and Gough streets, became hys
terical 7 as she recounted * the • details of
the tragedy to Judge Conlan, who con
tinued the : hearing -until to-day in order
to give, her 'time to recover, equanimity. ,
• The little woman's testimony - was de
fensive of her -boy's deed, showing -that
he did not.shobtruntll he believed his life
was in danger, as ' his ' stepfather was in
very angry . mood .', and \u25a0 armed with . a
hatchet. ' - -.[_ X'^^^^^^^^M
The case was continued till next Satur
day, and then the'woman announced, in
tention to prosecute her accuser for hav
ing threatened to take her life. She lives
at Twenty- fourth and Alabama streets.
In reply to the charges Mrs. Gillin said
she lingered' near the Stelner street' house
because she desired to see -her husband,
from' whom "she had* been separated for
some time, and request, him to relieve
her from the Importunities of creditors
seeking payment , for furniture and
dresses. ' As for her ' alleged unseemly
conduct in the cemetery, she denied It in
toto. •
Mrs. Frank Gillin was accused, by her
brother-in-law; Peter, of having behaved
in unbecoming manner' when the obse
quies of his brother, former Police Cap
tain James W. Gillin, were in progress.
The complainant told Judge- Fritz that
the defendant stood at a corner adjacent
to the house of. mourning, 315'fcStelner
street, and sent, annoying messages
thereto, and that while interment was
going on in Holy . Cross Cemetery she
laughingly romped with some children a
short distance from the' grave.
Mrs. Park is fair to look upon and Mr.
Schultz is gray of hair." A few days sub
sequent to his arrest the husband of his
accuser was convicted in the- Superior
Court of N having embezzled, a diamond
from a woman; with whom tie had been
consorting.- { .'\u25a0:.' '£", : ,^W J .
Mrs. Edna E. Park of 732 Franklin
street Informed Judge Conlan - that, she
desired to withdraw the \u25a0 complaint she
had .filed against-John P. Schultz, retired
capitalist, in which she averred that on
July 17 last he had attempted to embrace
her when she entered the room he. occu
pied in her house. Attorney Samuel 11.
Shortridge appeared as Mrs. Park's legal
adviser. As there was - no; other course
open to the court- the case was dismissed.
Mr. McQuillan swept the courtroom
with reproachful glance, but Mr. Murphy
had disappeared.
! When the latter gentleman faced the
Judge he also pleaded guilty and declared
intentions. "If you let me go," he said,
"I'll' catch the 5:10 boat and go prune
picking in the Sonoma Valley. After the
prune crop is gathered there'll be" work
in the vineyards for all. who want it, and
after the grapes are under cover! there'll
be a demand for men to garner the win
ter apple crop. Then—"
"Thirty days!" thundered his Honor.
let me go I'll catch the 5:10 boat and go
prune-picking in the Sonoma Valley.
After the j prune crop is gathered there'll
be work in the vineyards for .all who
want it, and after the grapes are under
cover there'll be a demand for men to
garner the .winter apple crop. Th,en— "
"Then, I suppose, you'll return' to , the
'hop' fields of Chinatown?" facetiously
ventured his Honor.
"Ha, ha!" Mr." Murphy chuckled,- pro
pltiatingly. "No, sir; by the time the ap
ples are boxed I'll have recovered my
nerve and be ready to resume work at my
trade."
"Well, I'll give you an; opportunity to
carry out your horticultural programme,"
said the court. And as Mr. Murphy ex
ultingly retired he bestowed an eye sig-.
nal of encouragement upon Mr. McQuil
lan. .
Following this event will be some beau
tiful gems of music written by W. J. Mc-
Coy, H. J. Stewart and Joseph D. Rod
ding. Each will lead the orchestra dur
ing the rendition of his own composition.
McCoy, who composed the music of
"Hamadryads, a Mask of Apollo," which
was given last year at the Bohemian
Jinks, will give two selections. His first
number will be the beautiful prelude to
"Hamadryads." This will be followed by
another of his exquisite compositions,
the second movement from the suite en
titled "Bohemia" and called "Serenade."
Dr. H. J. Stewart's contribution to the
programme consists of two numbers from
an orchestral suite— as yet unfinished
entitled "Scenes in California." Dr. Stew
art has always contended that California
has for the musician as much inspiration
as for the painter or the poet. As he re
cently Bald In a lecture on this topic,
"There are symphonies in the Sierras and
oratorios in the long-drawn aisles of the
redwoods." Following this Idea, the com
poser has designed the "California Suite,"
consisting of four movements. The first,
as yet unfinished. Is entitled "Tosemite."
and the principal themes are the result
of a recent visit to the wonderland of
California. The second movement, a noc
turne, entitled "Under the Redwoods,"
will be played on Friday, and the score
was completed specially for this concert.
The third movement, which at present
exists only in sketch form. Is a barca
rolle entitled "Tahoe." For the conclud
ing number the composer has written a
brilliant Spanish dance leading to a Ta
rantella^ The movement is entitled "Be
fore the Gringo Came," or "La Fiesta,"
and from the enthusiastic reception ac
corded to it on Sunday last at the Bohe
mian Club grove it is safe to predict a
great success for it on Friday next.
The music of "The Guest of the Gor
gon" is said by the 450 members [of the
Bohemian Club who attended the jinks
last Saturday to be of exceptional beauty.
The composer, Theodor Vogt, will lead
the orchestra himself. Besides the or
chestra' of seventy-five pieces there will
be the famous Bohemian Club chorus ot
eighty voices, among whom are numbered
fome of the finest singers on the Pacific
Coast. • :':-r:::<
\u25a0 The sale for the coming Bohemian Club
matinee of the musical portions of the re
cent summer jinks, to take place Friday
afternoon at the Tlvoli, began yesterday
moraine. From 8 o'clock until the after
noon there was a lively crowd of buyers
in attendance. An Immense number of
peats were sold, and when the opening
bars of "Guest of the Gorgon" begin at
3 p. m. on Friday every seat in the hou/e
\u25a0will undoubtedly be occupied.
Include Many Beauti
ful Works of Well Known
Popular Local Composers
PROCrB A3f3IE ELABORATE
Crowds Buy Seats at Open
ing Sale for Bohemian
Club Matinee Friday
WANT TO HEAR
JINKS MUSIC
THE SA^f -FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, -AUGUST '1G; 1905.
14
Remainder of Our
LADIES' UN-EN SUITS
Long coat, Redingote and other
fashionable styles; broken sizes.
Former prices $15.00 and $30.00/
REDUCED $$$.50 and $|0.50
TO ... \u25a0. ; ; ." ; . .'. " * Bii
CHILDREN'S WASH DRESSES
Broken sizes; ages 6 mos. to 14 yrs.
To Close Out at Greater Reductions than Ever.
MISSES' and SMALL WOMEN'S
WASH SUITS.
Former price, $4.50. $0.85
To close out now —
1918-922 Market Street
JCO BRANCH STORES. *• 1 Store dosei Saturdays at 8 p. m.
ADVERTISEMKSTS.
Cuticura Soap combines deli-
cate medicinal, emollient, sanative,
and antiseptic properties derived
from Cuticura, the great Skin Cure,
with the purest of cleansing in-
gredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. For preserving,
purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, hair, and hands, for irrita-
tions of the skin, heat rashes, tan,
sunburn, bites and stings of insects,
lameness and soreness incidental
to summer sports, for sanative,-
antiseptic cleansing, and for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and
nursery, Cuticura Soap, assisted
by Cuticura Ointment, is priceless.
Totter Dror fc Chcm. Corp, Sol* Prop*^ Bofton.
•J- MsOed rrec, •• Bow to Care (or blia uj Bitr."
Hotel Del Coronado
A \Jrxd.«T New Management k
! Enjoy California's best climate at the \
Izr^czt seaside resort hotel in the world, r
Cuisine unexcelled. Every modem f
i convenience provided. h
y Summer Rates: Each person f
I $3.00day,5J7.50 week, and upwards, f
k Excellent beating, ffching, bunting, A
* goll links, tennis, bowling. Interest- f
f ing side tries. Ask railway ageat or *
1 .write * A
\ Morgan Ross, manager \
9 Corosado Beach. California w
M IL F. Noicrosa. 200 S. Spring:, Los Angeles m
2k i^^* OVER \^^il^^^^^^r^ :rT "^^^^ '^^ We Have ££o%?*'
g^ I 1,600,000 ; |pra|gU S^ 3000 Bolls |f| |j
Pllf %lte W^^^^^^^^^^^i^M^ To Show l^|i
A Caf P et Demonstration Sale s^^ f^\
&% V^, i^ds!s^4|j[/r** UnJM****^ foundations of San Francisco. *^^2?r^fr{i[pjZ&^J?C^p**m*/^
Pfc v* '^ 7* ,T%ffl/)Mls'"* r mm^"^ On account of the x enormous !Srt \
i^^M^WMW^ crowds - M ? nda >' we were un - 1 ; "
•, 1$ l <k/j B**!j^ able to continue advertising this sale yesterday; but to-day we ""K<
nS[^?l fc fa*^ -will have almost double the sales force, and we are ready to '!??&\u25a0
\\\*mg&^ deliver the goods at these prices. Tapestry adver- n ii^
i*i tised as 90c values for 65c. v.-c will sell for 45c. Velvets advertised as $1.25 ' S^k);
' values for 73c; we will sell for ,«sc, and so on. ; Kindly bring the measurements of «
lW \u25a0 your rooms; it ' '-.'ll help us greatly. And please come early.
||»R^SS)^|;^fli^ttto I VELVETS] I
The^^^!^C^ Yd ' The \Lsi*3%^ Yd " The J^ *3Cy Vd *
\u25a0 . * >. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 T&TZ
clj - Better grades'' advertised; as $1.10 Better .'grades advertfsedas J1.73 Wilton "Velvets advertised as «Vy
values, for 75c. Our ft«t*» "values for \ $1.20. Our qc. $1.40 values for $1.15. OC/» M*
?Jb price .. OJt/ price r. . ><2C Our price "^ 3fr>r
7/J Still higher grades advertised as Highest grrades advertised as 52 Ou" price 3 $1"c1 "c l^ok 2Jf
iW : "$1.35 j values: for $1.05.-. QA r , values ,- f0r: 51.35. Our ff 1 1 c \u25a0\u25a0.;•...-'.;-' ..".'. 4>».«5J \\
§i) Our. price 7UU priqe .. . .\\ . : ...: . . fl> 1. 1 J Art S nu«T*n, 6by V feet; usually 'M
»V \u25a0' Body Brussels advertised as $1.75 Mattlnßs^— 2o-yard rolls; so-call- advertised as $6.75 values. for &£
values f0r,.51;40.; Our., ffi 1. OC .. Ed / $6V.\values. Our- CO QV ' : $4.50. Our price C'J Of* W
\u25a05 \u25a0•-' price;'. ;......'.»:'. ••. .***,• •,r'T : > ;Pr ice, per roll.-. . iy^.'^.P: .;,.:_.."._\u25a0. ...:....,.... #V V' <&
[O'CONNOR, MOFFATT @> CO.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT
Single and double faced Velours, in all the new
shades,' suitable for handsome Draperies and Portiere 3, Couch
Covers and all kinds of Upholstery. Colors are Terra Cotta,
Hunters' Green, Old Red,. Venetian Green, Blue and Empire
Red. .
Single Faced' 50-Inch $2.25 Yard
- Double Faced 50-Inch 53.25 Yard
TAPESTRY— New .line of French Tapestries, made of Spk and
Mercerized yarn in beautiful Louis Quinze and Renaissance
designs in a large variety of colorings." Prices from —
50 Inches Wide, $1.50 to $4.00 Yard
N FLEMISH- TAPESTRY— In a handsome collection of beautiful
foliage designs in soft tones of Olive, Brown and Old Blue
- shades. Prices* from —
50 Inches Wide, $1.25 to $3.00 Yard
Upholstery Rep" in plain colors, suitable for Portieres and
Draperies, in Red and Green shades — /
50 Inches Wide, 50c Yard
BUREAU SCARFS AND CENTERPIECES— We have just
opened a complete line of Arabian, Battenberg and Cluny
Bureau Scarfs round and square Centerpieces and Doylies, in
all sizev marked at very moderate prices. SEE WINDOW
DISPLAY. ' \u25a0
SILK DEPARTMENT
NEW DRESS SILKS— VVe have just received an elegant assort-
. ment of handsome printed Crepes in Pompadour patterns, !
hand-painted ..effects, one of this season's pronounced novel-
ties for handsome house and- evening gowns —
' Plain Ground, 23-1nch.....$ 1 .OO Yard
' Dotted Ground, 24-Incb, $1.25 Yard
New designs in Gray and White and Black and White Taffeta, 1
checked grounds with shadow effects woven in figures,- ele-
gant for handsome street cdstumes : —
20 Inches Wide, $ 1 .00 Yard
PLAID TAFFETAS— CIan Tartan -effects in heavy quality Plaid
Taffetas, four different combinations will be worn for full
costumes this Fall — V. '»' , -
: '> ' 20 Inches Wide, $1.25 Yard
SPECIAL-REMNANTS OF EMBROIDERIES-
About 5000 ' remnants in lengths of from I to 45^ yards, in fine
- Swiss, Nainsook and Cambric edgings and insertions, at about
One-Half of Regular Remnant Prices
• Ribbons /?Zn3t£^- £.
Chiffon - Taffeta %Lr7&JtFP l & i /P9jtrjr S
Ribbon with a high *«• H V^BsJrW *-->
luster and' very soft /f jf SJ S9
finish. In shades ot \^L/7^~~ £'4' *ff
rink. Blue, Navy,
Old Rose. Cardinal. • I €sJj£4/2?'J }
, Tan, . \u25a0 Brown. also :-.. \u25a0\u25a0 ;- M '^m
23c Yard «^6 <^SSaa,^Sf^^f^ ,
; .; Ribbon bows - tied .7^ -J \
3,s;^i. ;| 111 to 121 Post StreetMiss Pearl Doherty and Miss May
belle Laughton.were appareled. so mod
estly, not to pay shabbily, when Patrol
man O'Brien saw them nocturnally flit
ting; from cafe to cafe. In the tender
loin that he felt? perfectly, justified in
arresting them for vagrancy. .
"We ain't no vags," Miss. Doherty
protested, "but actresses out \u25a0 of a' Job.
Me an* this lady do a sister turn, an'
if we happen to be out ot an engage
ment that ain't no reason" we should be
taken for vags."
Miss Laughton also expostulated, but
in vain. "Ye look like actresses, don't
ye?" queried"? the officer, -derisively,
"with your dinky little automobile caps
and your dingy dresses?" ' ,
When the prisoners were released on
bail, they promised to prove to -Patrol-"
man O'Brien that their sartorial aspect
was not' ow.ing. to lack of ; costly and
fashionable wardrobe. And "they made
good their word by appearing before
Judge' Conlan "in such gorgeous attire
that they were the observed- of all ob
servers In his court. Upon the coiffure
of each of them rested a hat of. extra
vagant "circumference and 'variegated
floral decoration, and their gowns were
Of rich : scarlet satin, heavily ; embroid
ered with' blue and yellow silkencords
and festooned with black "glassware
that Jangled' with their slightest move
ment. .The brilliant display , caused
his Honor to blink, and Clerk "Jack"
Rice, who plumes' himself on being a
connoisseur in feminine' garb, whis
pered to Bailiff "Jack" Laws that the
defendants were T "awn rayglay," *to
which the bailiff responded that he
thought they were accused of vagrancy.
'.'We ain't no vags," Miss Doherty
pleaded, andp then ! Miss Laughton in-
The transport was docked when Mr.
Johnson twitted Mr. McDermott on his
dilatoriness'in getting the crew's Sun
day, breakfast ready for service. Mr.
McDerniott avers that Mr.. Johnson shot
at him without justifiable provocation,
and Mr. Johnson asseverates that .he
did. not shoot until Mr. McDermott. had
run him ashore at poker-point, and that
even then: he shot merely, with intent
to frighten, and not to kill. More tes
timony will be heard to-day.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
As they sat side by Bide in the cage of
Police" Judge Fritz's court, Edward Mur
phy and James McQuillan, both booked for
vagrancy, held whispered converse, and
when Mr. Murphy was summoned to the
bench he winked assuringly at Mr. Mc-
Quillan and shuffled forth.
He was a barber by profession, Mr.
Munrphy told the Judge,' and would con
fess that he had been on a spree for sev
eral weeks prior to his arrest In China
town. * Was he a user of; opium? Well,
yes — to limited extent. That was to say,
while he occasionally sought solace in the
drug, he was not enslaved by it. '
"But' I want to get away from both
booze and dope,", he added, "and if y.ou
First One -Wins With Court/ but Same
Words From Second Draw Thirty Days.
They l Announce Desire; to Abandon Gity
Idleness for Rural Industry.
TWO VAGABONDS EXPRESS
A SINGLE AMBITION.
Petitions in Insolvency.
" Petitions in insolvency were filed In th»
United States District Court yesterday as fol
low Amzy J." Wilson,' saloon-keeper. Red
BlufT liabilities $4217. assets 5853; Edward
ilcrin saloon-keeper. Bed Bluff. liabilities
$4fi4o." assets J4O.
On complaint of W. G. Robblns, a follower
of the race track. Policeman Harry Hook ar
rested Kate: Jones In her room at 359 O'Farrell
street yesterday . afternoon and booked her at
the City Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Robblns alleges that he called upon the woman
and alter he left her he discovered that a dia
mond ring valued at $200 had been stolen from
him. .
Accuses Woman ' of ; Larceny.
Don't Cost Money.
They save it. , Here at last Is the solution —
Twlnlock Loose Leaf Ledgers. Made to last
as long as you do. No ' opening new books —
one book does It — all accounts are current.
Made In any size or form of ruling and print-
Ing. Used for . any business. A pleasure for
our salesmen to explain. Catalogue. \ San
borh. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. : •
John Francis Green la Charzed on
Three Count* for False Natural
ization and Perjury.
Th» United States Grand Jury presented a
report yesterday dismissing the charges against
Gerard Euganl and William Rohrs for passing
raised bills. Indictments were found against
the following: Leo Griggs» alias McQrayan. for
having passed raised bills upon PasquaUna
Oescalzo. Timothy O*Keef» and Mary Durles;
Sven Fernstrom for perjury for having false
'ljr sworn before the United States local In
spectors that he was a citizen: John Kranct3
Green for perjury for having sworn before tha
irwpecjors that he was a citizen, for having 1
fraudulently registered himself as a citizen . In
the Fourteenth Precinct of th» Twenty-ninth
Assembly District, and for having: In posses
sion a false and fraudulent certificate of natur
alization: John Kerr. for beating and wound
ing Frank .Ramos upon the high seas; Fred
Johnson, for having passed* a raised bill upon
John Konerzer.
Pure food laws are good. Burnett's
Vanilla is pure." Insist upon navtng- Burnett's. *
Steamship Company Fined.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company has
been fined $100 by the Secretary of the De
partment of Commerc* and Labor for havinii
carried frjm Ancon to this port la tho steamer
Acapulco Chan Choo, a Chinese afflicted with
a contagious disease.
FEDEIt.VL GRAM) JTRORS
I^TDICT SEVERAL PERSONS
headquarters that the league forces
will carry eleven Assembly districts
on November 7. The Thirty-ninth and
Forty-fourth districts, which went to
the grafters' alliance in the primary
election, will be won out for the league
in the next .battle.
Prediction Is : made .at Republican
' ;Fifty. canvassers .for the San Fran
cisco Republican League have been
placed -in the field and fifty more will
be addedKtb^ the force in a' few days.
The,. canvassers will - ascertain the
names .of. all • registered . and unregis
tered-voters in every precinct of the
city. •.'-„\u25a0_- '
The membership of the league is con
stantly increasing. Citizens in sym
pathy with the. movement to rescue the
city from the sway of graft . are earn
estly requested to join the organiza
tion. \u25a0 "-I-*-,*".'^:- » '
Recognizing the fact that we are again ap
proaching; a municipal campaign. . and al?o
realizing that we wlfh the head; of our city
government to be guided by the hands of one
who Is an earnest advocate . of the principles
of organized labor and who Is ever willing
to assist us to bring about fair conditions and
living .- wages; therefore be it
> Resolved, .by Stablemen's Union No. .8760.
at a regular meeting assembled at 102 O'Far
rcll street. That we Indorse the administration
of our honorable Mayor. Eugene E. Schmltz,
and also use our best endeavors to secure his
renominatlon and election.
A resolution indorsing John J. Greif
for County Clerk and. recommending
him for favorable consideration by the
convention was unanimously adopted.
The Stablemen's Union No. 8760,
Thomas F. - Finn president and Frank
Miller, secretary, has adopted the fol
lowing: . V
'\u25a0 Resolved, That ' each and every member of
this delegation denounces these Infamous
rumors, and hereby pledges* himsilf to stand
for the principles . of the San Francisco Re
publican League from first to last, clean poli
tics and a clean administration.
The' Thirty/eighth Assembly District 1
Republican delegation, met last even
ing.- at 310 Fulton -street and elected
A. Van der NaillenJr. for chairman and
Charles C. Morris secretary. " The f ol-,
/lowing resolution was unanimously
adopted ,by. the: delegation and signed
by, every delegate:, • , ' \u25a0
i Whereas, .The delegates of the Thirty-eighth
Assembly. District were elected on a well .un
derstood and clearly denned antl-Ruef plat
form: an<? . .
'\u25a0: AVbereas, , False 'and scurrilous rumors have
been spread Uhat certain of our. members have
been persuaded or -may be persuaded to turn
traitor. -join -the ranks of the- enemy and be
tray, the- Republicans- of San Francisco:-there
fore be It «j_--. "/ - • \u25a0 .
favorably: mentioned are for;-.
merSupervisor Dr. Perrault. Dr. Henry'
Gibbons} and. former 'Superior. -Judge
Charles W. Slack. Many citizens /re-«
gar'd Judge Slack as the ideal' man *f or.
chief executive of the city. H.D. Love- 1 '
land is highly spoken- of as .a man- of;
energy and exceptional ability. James:
McNab B is - accredited .with the posses
sion of Equalities such as firmness, and 1
force of character that eminently .equip
him for the office oft Mayor. Raphael'
Wcill is spoken of asvan ideal-man for,
the' position. .. He is highly, esteemed 'ak'
a" public spirited man' of unswerving in-
tegrity. Business engagements called
him to. Paris ia^few months ago, but he
will.be in San Francisco before "Sep-1
tember l: , ' ; . ... . . ,
The name of Rudolph J. Taussig: is
added to the;llst ,df prospective candi-'
dates for/Mayor. He'is president of
the Institute and by virtue
of his position is a regent of the'Unl
versity of Ckllfornia.v He is known, as
an able 1 ; and popular business man.
The league delegations to the Repub
lican,, municipal convention have a
majority of • 100 ?.; and will nominate
a straightforward" antl-Ruef candidate
for Mayor. \ It is settled that the nom
inee .will be selected in 'caucus without
assistance or. suggestion from the
Ruefters.- ':' ';f;.*.£v .\u25a0..->.. ?:.-':" .-\ \u25a0' S- r
Republicans Expect to Win
Eleven of. the Assembly
Districts in Next Battle
CANDIDATES \FOR MAYOR
A nti-Euef Declarations Are
Adopted o by the Majority
forces of the Coiivention
LEAGUE COLUMN
IS INVINCIBLE
V Pour- suitsf cleaned'; and^ pressed^l. ai
month? ca.lled?for,rdelivered.-' Club ;Ren-*
ovatory,-638.Postst. Tel: East 421;: • :.•:*
Laborers in; the service of Castagrietti : & Co.,
engaged ; ln^eJtcavating • a lot? at) the) corner of
Beach -• and % Hyde » streets,"'-, found i'some^,; human
bones -yesterday iburiedTln ; the • sand."-t The 'bones
had i been r- there ': for : : many .'years. j;; They '<. were
taken to th^ Morgue, j \u25a0;; : r ; - •' '* " - .- '" '
Huntan '" Bonei^ Fonnd.
\en Consul for Chile.
Don Jose Augustin Verdugo Garnhanv has
be«n recognized by the Federal Department of
State as Consul for Chile at this port.
C. H. Bruhne, grocer. 200 Francisco street,
obtained a warrant from Police Judge Conlan
yesterday for the arrest of ''John Doe" Lang
on a charge of obtaining money by false pre
tense*. Bruhns alleges that Lang made a
email purchase In hie wore on Saturday and
gave In payment a $10 bill, receiving the
change. It was discovered that the bill was
of the State Bank of Georgia, which went
out of existence several years ago.
Passes a Dopn Bill.
A woman who buys the household
things without being guided by the
store-ads is as unwise as the pilot who
would steer a 3hip without chart or
compass — Just from "memory" and ex
perience. • -*
Judge -Fritz, began ': the ;\u25a0' preliminary,
bearing of :Chillion_-Bowen;:\ charged
with \u25a0 the murder of ."W. l j"W.'f Stephenson
on - August 5 at -;1015 % Larkin? street.
The "witnesses examined r were \u25a0Police
Corporal; George Russell,: Patrolman >M.
J.. : ; O'SulliYan;->Detective^ George kMul :
cahey ; Mrs. s G: \u25a0 Beck;- in • whose house
the killing 'occurred;;: and, Mrs. ;-liUcy, 5 P.
Stephensbn^ widow , ' of '^ the '.'deceased
rancher.li-Their : testimony was the same
as "adduced ' at; the i inquest.' r : Dr." L. V. D.
Baclgalupi,*;' autopsy f,surgewn; at , the
Morguq,, will beheardjthis.mprning.v v.
: Mrs. Mary Ann Hamilton, who;is'.lo
cally famed as -the world's* lady, cham
pion i window \ smasher,/ was -about / to
indulge : her ; penchant - on : Mission 5 street,
between . Fifth and ; Sixth, •• •. the
strong hand of/a ' policeman restrained
her, so she was booked "for drunken^
ness" \u25a0 only. Judge Conlan r gave \ her
twenty-fouri hours. «.
George Hakin was astride a motor
bicycle > and. chug-chugging. ,: merrily
along Fell street when a young {man
named .: Thomas ' ;Bowen -, derisively,
addressed - him ;r; r as : "Indian,", "where
upon Mr. Hakin shut- off his machine's
propulsive power,; Jammed . down tho
brake, dismounted and .smote . \u25a0 Mr.
Bowen's countenance,' for which he was
arrested and booked' for battery." ,As
his facial -contour and
clearly i proved that he was not ; an -In
dian," and that Mr. Bowen's bestowal of
that ; appellation upon , him .was \u25a0 utterly
unwarranted, . the case was dismissed
by Judge Conlan. .'' .
: "How do you feel this morning?"
Judge Fritz asked him. -i "Are > green
cows and 'striped , elephants still within
your range of .vision?'.! / ,. -
"No," replied Mr. McLaughlin, "and
If y,ou let^m'e depart I'll immediately
return . to . Benlcia.'V
, He departed.
Thomas McLaughlin sold his saloon
in'Be'nicia and with' the pecuniary ; pro
ceeds came to the city and'sampled- the
liquors dispensed in. ; mariy. 'barrooms
until. he began. to see things which; had
no . material "existence, when/ he pru
dently gave .himself . into," custody for
drunkenness. »
. "Stage costumes, I presume?"'-re
marked- his Honor, with- hand shading
eyes from the dazzling show. s • ... .
The ladies smiled' affirmatively and
were . instantly \u25a0 dismissed.
formed the court that the garments and
millinery there exhibited by her- and
Miss Doherty were merely a hint of
what ,they had in store, which thej
would prove to the court's satisfaction
if an officer were, appointed to accom
pany them to jtheir. apartments . at
Ellis and Taylor streets.!
"For I^don't mind telling you, Judge,"
Miss Laughton 'added, - "that me : and
Pearl "have "more clothes' than we know
what to'do' with."
As Labor day falls on Monday, the Butchers'
Union has permitted Its members to use dis
cretion in the hours of working for their em
ployers on the preceding Sunday and may
work at such hours on Monday as will not
conflict with the Interests of the public. All
the members of the union are, however, re
qu%ted to be in line at the hour set for the
f TuVnUun\e P d ar fhai the shops of Merrill
Bro- at Twenty-fourth and Bryant streets
and "convey & Shannon, at Twenty-fourth and
Hampshire streets, have been unionized and
arS therefore in good standing from a labor
'^Considerable comment has been going the
rounds, of the local unions in this city in con
sequence of the differences between Delegates
CaW and Dijeau In the teamsters' convention
lr "Vhiladlphla over the milk-wagon drivers
s«ue in this city. This trouble Is an after
math of the strife that disturbed the Labor
Council in tins city when Richard Cornelius
started his co-operative milk industry in op
position to the San Francisco Dairymen s As-
next meating of Carpenters 1 Union
483 a reconsidered vote will be taken as to
whether the union will turn out on Labor day.
At the last meeting of the union it was de
cided not to turn out. A reconsideration oi
this action was moved yesterday and will be
finally decided at the, meeting to be held.
Differences Between Delegates Casey
and Dljenu at Philadelphia Rouse
.Comment in Union Circles.
Ah Sue, the pretty Chlpese jfhi who es
caped Irom the Methodist Home at 912 Washing
ton etreet last Friday night and sought shelter
In th« City Prison, was taken back to the
home yesterday morning. She positively re
fused to leave her cell, declaring that she
would not return to the home, and force had
to be used to eet her \u25a0 out of the cell. She
cried bitterly aa she left the prison.
The girl was brought here from Seattle,
\u25a0wh«-e she had been In Jail for sixteen months
to await the result cf an appeal to the United
Etate; Supreme Court against her deporta
tion to China. She was brought from China
to Portland as a clave by a wealthy Chinese.
She has no desire to return to China, as she
has a lover, who followed her here from Se
attle. When che 3ed from the Mission Home
on Friday night she oxr>ect<;d to meet him.
but he failed to make his appearance and
ehe sought ehelter in the xirison. She declared
that she was not well treated at the home.
to 012 Washington Street,
Whence She Escaped.
Ah Sne Cries Bitterly When Returned
BUTCHERS WILL ARRANGE
TO MARCH ON LABOR DAY
CHINESE GIRL. PREFERS CELL
IX PRISON TO MISSION HOME
Horsford's Acid Phosphate
CUKES HKAJUA^Jtiiii
Caused by summer heat overwork, ner
vous disorders or Impaired digestion.
Relieves quickly.
.'lWhat time was it then?" .
"Doh "yo r tank," ; : : s Mr./"' Johnson an
swered f- with* some V asperi ty.t- ''that > ay
stope , tay.' : !oak ; at ; may, 1 watch iwheiif ay
naygar.bah 1 after may , with- ay. poaker?"
Mr. ..: Johnson , bared ;\u25a0 his : brawny . left
arm to show toUhe Judge "a bruised el
bow, ' which,'' he *; swore,' had J been ; bat
tered: with* a\kltchen l poker: wielded t by.
Mr.l McDermott . i While } he ; was >in I the
midst of 'his graphic .irecital; of 'the; en
counter ?that: culminated in the shoot-
Ing, the prosecuting attorney -asked
him:;v-V- -:?:V"C \u25a0:.;\u25a0.. ';'; .-- ' : -:''-<'\u25a0;\u25a0
August - Johnson was a messman
aboard the United > States transport
Warren 1 when he fired a i pistol -shot
which'' Alexander McDermott.Jthe negro
cook of the, same .stanch "ship, \ averred
was. aimed at him. v /
"Was' this the weapon*. the defendant
fired?" asked Public Prosecutor ( Ward,
in Judge Fritz's court,; presenting; for
McPermott's • inspection ;"a long-barreled
revolver i of - wide 'caliber. .; "..'.:. .
. "Kain't • sweah ,fo'- sho' dat\it; wuz,"
replied Mr.-. McDerrriott. . "De s f ackf am,
sah. Ah'Vwu'z too ;badly" skeered teh tek
notiz ob wat.de gun looked t lak."
Mrs. Bartlett, whose husband was shot
and killed by her 1 son, John A. Logan
Bell, in the yard ' of . the family home at
Fulton and Gough streets, became hys
terical 7 as she recounted * the • details of
the tragedy to Judge Conlan, who con
tinued the : hearing -until to-day in order
to give, her 'time to recover, equanimity. ,
• The little woman's testimony - was de
fensive of her -boy's deed, showing -that
he did not.shobtruntll he believed his life
was in danger, as ' his ' stepfather was in
very angry . mood .', and \u25a0 armed with . a
hatchet. ' - -.[_ X'^^^^^^^^M
The case was continued till next Satur
day, and then the'woman announced, in
tention to prosecute her accuser for hav
ing threatened to take her life. She lives
at Twenty- fourth and Alabama streets.
In reply to the charges Mrs. Gillin said
she lingered' near the Stelner street' house
because she desired to see -her husband,
from' whom "she had* been separated for
some time, and request, him to relieve
her from the Importunities of creditors
seeking payment , for furniture and
dresses. ' As for her ' alleged unseemly
conduct in the cemetery, she denied It in
toto. •
Mrs. Frank Gillin was accused, by her
brother-in-law; Peter, of having behaved
in unbecoming manner' when the obse
quies of his brother, former Police Cap
tain James W. Gillin, were in progress.
The complainant told Judge- Fritz that
the defendant stood at a corner adjacent
to the house of. mourning, 315'fcStelner
street, and sent, annoying messages
thereto, and that while interment was
going on in Holy . Cross Cemetery she
laughingly romped with some children a
short distance from the' grave.
Mrs. Park is fair to look upon and Mr.
Schultz is gray of hair." A few days sub
sequent to his arrest the husband of his
accuser was convicted in the- Superior
Court of N having embezzled, a diamond
from a woman; with whom tie had been
consorting.- { .'\u25a0:.' '£", : ,^W J .
Mrs. Edna E. Park of 732 Franklin
street Informed Judge Conlan - that, she
desired to withdraw the \u25a0 complaint she
had .filed against-John P. Schultz, retired
capitalist, in which she averred that on
July 17 last he had attempted to embrace
her when she entered the room he. occu
pied in her house. Attorney Samuel 11.
Shortridge appeared as Mrs. Park's legal
adviser. As there was - no; other course
open to the court- the case was dismissed.
Mr. McQuillan swept the courtroom
with reproachful glance, but Mr. Murphy
had disappeared.
! When the latter gentleman faced the
Judge he also pleaded guilty and declared
intentions. "If you let me go," he said,
"I'll' catch the 5:10 boat and go prune
picking in the Sonoma Valley. After the
prune crop is gathered there'll be" work
in the vineyards for all. who want it, and
after the grapes are under cover! there'll
be a demand for men to garner the win
ter apple crop. Then—"
"Thirty days!" thundered his Honor.
let me go I'll catch the 5:10 boat and go
prune-picking in the Sonoma Valley.
After the j prune crop is gathered there'll
be work in the vineyards for .all who
want it, and after the grapes are under
cover there'll be a demand for men to
garner the .winter apple crop. Th,en— "
"Then, I suppose, you'll return' to , the
'hop' fields of Chinatown?" facetiously
ventured his Honor.
"Ha, ha!" Mr." Murphy chuckled,- pro
pltiatingly. "No, sir; by the time the ap
ples are boxed I'll have recovered my
nerve and be ready to resume work at my
trade."
"Well, I'll give you an; opportunity to
carry out your horticultural programme,"
said the court. And as Mr. Murphy ex
ultingly retired he bestowed an eye sig-.
nal of encouragement upon Mr. McQuil
lan. .
Following this event will be some beau
tiful gems of music written by W. J. Mc-
Coy, H. J. Stewart and Joseph D. Rod
ding. Each will lead the orchestra dur
ing the rendition of his own composition.
McCoy, who composed the music of
"Hamadryads, a Mask of Apollo," which
was given last year at the Bohemian
Jinks, will give two selections. His first
number will be the beautiful prelude to
"Hamadryads." This will be followed by
another of his exquisite compositions,
the second movement from the suite en
titled "Bohemia" and called "Serenade."
Dr. H. J. Stewart's contribution to the
programme consists of two numbers from
an orchestral suite— as yet unfinished
entitled "Scenes in California." Dr. Stew
art has always contended that California
has for the musician as much inspiration
as for the painter or the poet. As he re
cently Bald In a lecture on this topic,
"There are symphonies in the Sierras and
oratorios in the long-drawn aisles of the
redwoods." Following this Idea, the com
poser has designed the "California Suite,"
consisting of four movements. The first,
as yet unfinished. Is entitled "Tosemite."
and the principal themes are the result
of a recent visit to the wonderland of
California. The second movement, a noc
turne, entitled "Under the Redwoods,"
will be played on Friday, and the score
was completed specially for this concert.
The third movement, which at present
exists only in sketch form. Is a barca
rolle entitled "Tahoe." For the conclud
ing number the composer has written a
brilliant Spanish dance leading to a Ta
rantella^ The movement is entitled "Be
fore the Gringo Came," or "La Fiesta,"
and from the enthusiastic reception ac
corded to it on Sunday last at the Bohe
mian Club grove it is safe to predict a
great success for it on Friday next.
The music of "The Guest of the Gor
gon" is said by the 450 members [of the
Bohemian Club who attended the jinks
last Saturday to be of exceptional beauty.
The composer, Theodor Vogt, will lead
the orchestra himself. Besides the or
chestra' of seventy-five pieces there will
be the famous Bohemian Club chorus ot
eighty voices, among whom are numbered
fome of the finest singers on the Pacific
Coast. • :':-r:::<
\u25a0 The sale for the coming Bohemian Club
matinee of the musical portions of the re
cent summer jinks, to take place Friday
afternoon at the Tlvoli, began yesterday
moraine. From 8 o'clock until the after
noon there was a lively crowd of buyers
in attendance. An Immense number of
peats were sold, and when the opening
bars of "Guest of the Gorgon" begin at
3 p. m. on Friday every seat in the hou/e
\u25a0will undoubtedly be occupied.
Include Many Beauti
ful Works of Well Known
Popular Local Composers
PROCrB A3f3IE ELABORATE
Crowds Buy Seats at Open
ing Sale for Bohemian
Club Matinee Friday
WANT TO HEAR
JINKS MUSIC
THE SA^f -FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, -AUGUST '1G; 1905.
14
Remainder of Our
LADIES' UN-EN SUITS
Long coat, Redingote and other
fashionable styles; broken sizes.
Former prices $15.00 and $30.00/
REDUCED $$$.50 and $|0.50
TO ... \u25a0. ; ; ." ; . .'. " * Bii
CHILDREN'S WASH DRESSES
Broken sizes; ages 6 mos. to 14 yrs.
To Close Out at Greater Reductions than Ever.
MISSES' and SMALL WOMEN'S
WASH SUITS.
Former price, $4.50. $0.85
To close out now —
1918-922 Market Street
JCO BRANCH STORES. *• 1 Store dosei Saturdays at 8 p. m.
ADVERTISEMKSTS.
Cuticura Soap combines deli-
cate medicinal, emollient, sanative,
and antiseptic properties derived
from Cuticura, the great Skin Cure,
with the purest of cleansing in-
gredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. For preserving,
purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, hair, and hands, for irrita-
tions of the skin, heat rashes, tan,
sunburn, bites and stings of insects,
lameness and soreness incidental
to summer sports, for sanative,-
antiseptic cleansing, and for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and
nursery, Cuticura Soap, assisted
by Cuticura Ointment, is priceless.
Totter Dror fc Chcm. Corp, Sol* Prop*^ Bofton.
•J- MsOed rrec, •• Bow to Care (or blia uj Bitr."
Hotel Del Coronado
A \Jrxd.«T New Management k
! Enjoy California's best climate at the \
Izr^czt seaside resort hotel in the world, r
Cuisine unexcelled. Every modem f
i convenience provided. h
y Summer Rates: Each person f
I $3.00day,5J7.50 week, and upwards, f
k Excellent beating, ffching, bunting, A
* goll links, tennis, bowling. Interest- f
f ing side tries. Ask railway ageat or *
1 .write * A
\ Morgan Ross, manager \
9 Corosado Beach. California w
M IL F. Noicrosa. 200 S. Spring:, Los Angeles m
2k i^^* OVER \^^il^^^^^^r^ :rT "^^^^ '^^ We Have ££o%?*'
g^ I 1,600,000 ; |pra|gU S^ 3000 Bolls |f| |j
Pllf %lte W^^^^^^^^^^^i^M^ To Show l^|i
A Caf P et Demonstration Sale s^^ f^\
&% V^, i^ds!s^4|j[/r** UnJM****^ foundations of San Francisco. *^^2?r^fr{i[pjZ&^J?C^p**m*/^
Pfc v* '^ 7* ,T%ffl/)Mls'"* r mm^"^ On account of the x enormous !Srt \
i^^M^WMW^ crowds - M ? nda >' we were un - 1 ; "
•, 1$ l <k/j B**!j^ able to continue advertising this sale yesterday; but to-day we ""K<
nS[^?l fc fa*^ -will have almost double the sales force, and we are ready to '!??&\u25a0
\\\*mg&^ deliver the goods at these prices. Tapestry adver- n ii^
i*i tised as 90c values for 65c. v.-c will sell for 45c. Velvets advertised as $1.25 ' S^k);
' values for 73c; we will sell for ,«sc, and so on. ; Kindly bring the measurements of «
lW \u25a0 your rooms; it ' '-.'ll help us greatly. And please come early.
||»R^SS)^|;^fli^ttto I VELVETS] I
The^^^!^C^ Yd ' The \Lsi*3%^ Yd " The J^ *3Cy Vd *
\u25a0 . * >. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 T&TZ
clj - Better grades'' advertised; as $1.10 Better .'grades advertfsedas J1.73 Wilton "Velvets advertised as «Vy
values, for 75c. Our ft«t*» "values for \ $1.20. Our qc. $1.40 values for $1.15. OC/» M*
?Jb price .. OJt/ price r. . ><2C Our price "^ 3fr>r
7/J Still higher grades advertised as Highest grrades advertised as 52 Ou" price 3 $1"c1 "c l^ok 2Jf
iW : "$1.35 j values: for $1.05.-. QA r , values ,- f0r: 51.35. Our ff 1 1 c \u25a0\u25a0.;•...-'.;-' ..".'. 4>».«5J \\
§i) Our. price 7UU priqe .. . .\\ . : ...: . . fl> 1. 1 J Art S nu«T*n, 6by V feet; usually 'M
»V \u25a0' Body Brussels advertised as $1.75 Mattlnßs^— 2o-yard rolls; so-call- advertised as $6.75 values. for &£
values f0r,.51;40.; Our., ffi 1. OC .. Ed / $6V.\values. Our- CO QV ' : $4.50. Our price C'J Of* W
\u25a05 \u25a0•-' price;'. ;......'.»:'. ••. .***,• •,r'T : > ;Pr ice, per roll.-. . iy^.'^.P: .;,.:_.."._\u25a0. ...:....,.... #V V' <&
[O'CONNOR, MOFFATT @> CO.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT
Single and double faced Velours, in all the new
shades,' suitable for handsome Draperies and Portiere 3, Couch
Covers and all kinds of Upholstery. Colors are Terra Cotta,
Hunters' Green, Old Red,. Venetian Green, Blue and Empire
Red. .
Single Faced' 50-Inch $2.25 Yard
- Double Faced 50-Inch 53.25 Yard
TAPESTRY— New .line of French Tapestries, made of Spk and
Mercerized yarn in beautiful Louis Quinze and Renaissance
designs in a large variety of colorings." Prices from —
50 Inches Wide, $1.50 to $4.00 Yard
N FLEMISH- TAPESTRY— In a handsome collection of beautiful
foliage designs in soft tones of Olive, Brown and Old Blue
- shades. Prices* from —
50 Inches Wide, $1.25 to $3.00 Yard
Upholstery Rep" in plain colors, suitable for Portieres and
Draperies, in Red and Green shades — /
50 Inches Wide, 50c Yard
BUREAU SCARFS AND CENTERPIECES— We have just
opened a complete line of Arabian, Battenberg and Cluny
Bureau Scarfs round and square Centerpieces and Doylies, in
all sizev marked at very moderate prices. SEE WINDOW
DISPLAY. ' \u25a0
SILK DEPARTMENT
NEW DRESS SILKS— VVe have just received an elegant assort-
. ment of handsome printed Crepes in Pompadour patterns, !
hand-painted ..effects, one of this season's pronounced novel-
ties for handsome house and- evening gowns —
' Plain Ground, 23-1nch.....$ 1 .OO Yard
' Dotted Ground, 24-Incb, $1.25 Yard
New designs in Gray and White and Black and White Taffeta, 1
checked grounds with shadow effects woven in figures,- ele-
gant for handsome street cdstumes : —
20 Inches Wide, $ 1 .00 Yard
PLAID TAFFETAS— CIan Tartan -effects in heavy quality Plaid
Taffetas, four different combinations will be worn for full
costumes this Fall — V. '»' , -
: '> ' 20 Inches Wide, $1.25 Yard
SPECIAL-REMNANTS OF EMBROIDERIES-
About 5000 ' remnants in lengths of from I to 45^ yards, in fine
- Swiss, Nainsook and Cambric edgings and insertions, at about
One-Half of Regular Remnant Prices
• Ribbons /?Zn3t£^- £.
Chiffon - Taffeta %Lr7&JtFP l & i /P9jtrjr S
Ribbon with a high *«• H V^BsJrW *-->
luster and' very soft /f jf SJ S9
finish. In shades ot \^L/7^~~ £'4' *ff
rink. Blue, Navy,
Old Rose. Cardinal. • I €sJj£4/2?'J }
, Tan, . \u25a0 Brown. also :-.. \u25a0\u25a0 ;- M '^m
23c Yard «^6 <^SSaa,^Sf^^f^ ,
; .; Ribbon bows - tied .7^ -J \
3,s;^i. ;| 111 to 121 Post Street