IK W PRi|^TS-p^Pf§ JM flf% PTftEfr PAP^@OTPp-:-:iy:sWf FWSfc
THE WEATHER.
Forecast for Octobtr 16. 1005:
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair
Monday; fre«h northwest winfi.'
G. K. WILLSOX,
Local Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 138.
ITALY PLACATES
BIG POWERS.
PREVENTS A RUPTURE
ITALIAN STATESMAN WHO HELP
ED TO BRING FRANCE ANT>
GERMANY TO AGREEMENT.
ROME, Oct. 15.— 1n connection with the
alleged revelations regarding' the events
which preceded the resignation of the
French Minister, M. Delcasse. th« follow
ing- pemi-official communication has been
issued here:
"The action taken by Italy at Paris.
London and Berlin in connection with the
Moroccan affair was absolutely friendly
end conciliatory and in the interests of
peace. The action was not fruitless, as
owing to it Franco accepted the confer
ence propoFcd by Germany whirh the for-
ESer originally oppoppd, while Italy wa.<
abl^ to induce Icrmany :o agree to the
fundamental conditions claimed to b<* di.=
cuf-sed by the conference. Foreign Mm
Tlttoni communicated this to. M.
iiarrere, the Frenoh Ambassador To Italy.
ar,d nothing el^e."
It Is also understood that the Italian
Government will continue to use Its influ
ence, at Paris and Boriin for an undcr
etanding between France and Germany.
The relations between Itaiy and France
continue t<» be. most friendly, thf French
Government having- emphatically denied
a fpeech attributed to F'remier Bouv : ier
v.hii-h was cmit-Mered disre^pcftful to
\u25a0^\u25a0ard Itaiy. Indr*rd. ;is one evidence of
these grood relations, France will send a
rsaval squadron to Genoa to greet King
Victor Emmanuel, who is going there Oc
tober 28. to Inaugurate the new harbor
works.
GERM AM IX ANGKV MOOD.
Vrrlinz. Against Knu'siiid .Notv at
Dulfinc Point.
LONDu.V, Oct. J5. — Dolcasse's revcla- ;
tions of the British offt-r to back
France in a war with German J' have
created a very ugly European situa
tion. That Delcasse was the. real
*uthor of the Paris Matin s story there
Is no doubt, and the belief that he was
destroys at one blow all his reputation
tor the future as a politician.
The already sufficiently bitter an
tipathy between England and Germany
has be«n stirred to the boiling point.
Germany sees in England's uudenied
effer of contingent support of France
. a. verification of her fears of English
*;ingo desire for an opportunity to de
etroy her fleet. Lansdowne's diplo-.
matic denial' makes it clear that such
contingent support was- offered.
Moreover, it is recalled that last
winter Captain Arthur Lee, M. P., Civil
Lord of the Admiralty, made a speech
to his constituents, declaring- that the
entire stragctic resources of the ad
miralty wero directed toward providing
against hostilities with Germany.
More sSgmfnV.ant still, however. Is the
fact that the English army maneuvers
this summer were carried out on a
scheme of concentration at Hull, the
port from which, according to a French
Ftatement, v descent was to be made
on Sohleswig-Holstein. •
Ttf Is realized that this exceedingly
jrravc series of discoveries Is likely to
loud to unpleasant. If not dangerous,
developments.
r.\M, RIVER MAMTACTUREnS
TO fiRA.XT ADVASCE I.V WAGES
3l«irr Tban T»venty-Klre Tliouannd
Operative* Will Receive
GrcuJer Par.
VAJJL RIVER. Mass., Oct. 15. — It is
ujiderstood in manufacturing circles
that within a short time the Fall River
Cotton Manufacturers' Association will
prant an advance In wascs to the
operatives, numbering: upward of 25,000.
now employed in the association mills.
l>ast Sunday the Textile Council voted
to request the restoration, on October
23. of the scale which prevailed prior
to the cut of 12',i per cent made on
July 25. ISO-J.
•« While the majority of the - manu
r facturcrs favor an advance now. many
of them are of the opinion that the
mills arc not yet able to pay an ln
crrp&e of 12!* per cent and advocate a
half-way step, with the understanding
that no further advance will be!\con
sidered until next spring.
The San Francisco Call.
WAR VETERAN
87 YEARS OLD
ENDS HIS LIFE
Worry i9v& v : ]jpss;; of
Memory Makes Him
Despondent,
LONG BEACH, Oct. 15.— Worrying over
his? lapses of memory, -which he believed
presaged coming: insanity, Herman C.
Walker, aged 87, a member of the Sol
diers' Horai: at Sawtelle/ to-day threw
hfmsc-lf in front of a rapidly running
electric car at Sixteenth and American
avenues, just beyond the city limits, and
and was instantly killed. ,
The old man stepped from behind one
of the trolley posts between the tracks
and when the car -was about 100 feet dis
tant, threw himself across the rails on
his stomach and- before- the motorman
could reverse the current the car was
upon it)? victim, grinding and crushing
him beneath the wheels. The remains
were scattered along the roadbed for
twenty feet. \u0084 .. . ;
A soldier's uniform gave the only clew
to his identity whiih was afterward es
tablished. Walker came' here recently on
a furlough from the home and was visit
ing with a s^ler. . .
FI'GITIVK' 3IAYOK
IS IN AUSTRALIA
Belcher of Paterson. X. J., a
Passenger .If roiii San
Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Oct: 16.— William Henry
Belcher, Mayor of P.aterson, Js*. J.. fugi
tive from justice and embezzler of mora
than $200,000 ; from financial institutions.
has been located at Yebri, - Queensland,
Australia. He is residing there with his
old friend, James Robertson, a former
Patersonian, who left- home under siml-!
lar circumstances more thun df teen years
ago. ••_\u25a0'•\u25a0 .': •\u25a0;\u25a0 - - ;.'\u25a0\u25a0.!
leaving Paterson on July 31 last, Bol
cher boarded a; traln/at Little ' Falls,
three miles from Paterson. At Newark
he boarded a train for the West, arriving
in San Diego, Cal., five aays later. He
had shaved off his mustache and other
wise attempted"to disguise himself.' '
Belcher passed several days at San
Diego, and this fact assisted him in de
feating an attempt at capture at the in
stigation of -Governor Stokes and Prose
cutor Emley, when -the . snip lon \ which
he had engaged. passage as " William. H:
Pitcher"- was searched at San Francisco
and Honolulu. When placed under arrest
in San Francisco. Belcher called upon his
San Diego friends, to prove his Identity
and they did so, claiming him to be- a
business j man . of . that - city. When the
ship -was en route to \u25a0 Honolulu, Governor
Stokes cabled the Sheriff at Honolulu,'
informing ; him -of the suspicions of the
local authorities.
Again the vessel was stopped. Belcher
had made a friend on -board the ship or
taken a confederate with him from San
Diego. This man informed the j authori
ties that the man they had picked out
as Belcher was a San Diego • business
man on his way to Australia. The story
was believed and Belcher once more es
caped arrest. :•-, "•
kntitlirrn Pacific X*uta Up a Bond.
CHIHUAHUA, Mex.,. Oct. 16.— The
Southern Pacific Company has made
a deposit "with the. State • Govern
ment amounting, to • $540,000 to guar
antee, the; construction: of the railway
line between, Guymas and Guadalajara.
The road'has already made a contract
with Henry. I^und TtCo.^ofj San Fran
cisco for' fifty thousand "tons 'of steel
rails. • " . ...r
SAN FRANCISCO: MONDAY^ OCTOBER IG, 1905.
TAMMANY
GIVES OUT
ESTIMATE
Expects McClellan
to Have Cleai
Majority.;* '
Hearst Placed Third in
a Forecast on the
Mayoralty.
Ivins, Republican Nominee,
invites Opponents to Dis
cuss me Issues.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.—
Estimated registration. . '.' 625,000
Estimated .vote. ..550.000
MrClellan, S5 prr cent.. ..302.500
I Vina, 30 per cent ....... . . .... V. 165,00'J
llrurMt, 15 per cent . ..... •••". .... 82.500
MeClellan'ii majority. . . . .... . . . . 55,000
According to the calculation of a
Tammany political expert and griven to*
Mayor'McClellan, the above table shows
how the vote at the coming election
will be divided among: the three can
didates for^Mayor. The estimate was
made at the request of the .managers
of the .Democratic campaign,' and. they
are satisfied that it is about as correct
as political forecasts can ever be. They
feel- that Mayor McClellan w;Ill -be re
elected with ease, but they realize, and
admit that- Hearst's campaign will be I
considerably, more formidable than, they,
had believed. ...... ': I, _^; . J,:
.Compared wi^li ;the. llg.ure?r;of t other.
elections', *. tvhen .three" tickets; were tin
thefi>ld^ Ta.mrhany.'s_ forecast isnot* re
liable.'. Since- aud Hncluding ,ttie'elec;-,
t lon of TSS6 -there" have been thFec cam-*
paigns having, three active and en
thusiastic. participants. : . ; In " each one
the^cbmbinedl' -vote*- of. the >, otherf two
tickets^ vvotild -'have been/ sufficient to
defeat the victorious, candidates. ;
in an opon letter to George B. Mc-
Clellan and William Randolph Hearst,
given* out at Republican ,headquarters
to-night. William M. Ivlns, the Repub
lican candidate for Mayor, outlines his
policy.if elected, which includes: In
dependence of all-organizations and in
dividuals; disregard of merely national
party considerations in - making ap
pointments; .retirement from all private
business during his term;' the acquire
mrntby-the city of nil lapsed or for
feited franchises; the condemning- by
the- Legislature of all ' existing gas
plants.' under eminent domain, the city
to take- possession, and construction "of
a municipal lighting and power plant,
and- a, revision of public accounting.
Ivlns* letter closes with an Invitation
to the other candidates to* meet him
on a common platform to discuss these
and other issues of the campaign.
The Municipal Ownership League to
nigrht nominated Clarence J. Shearn for
District Attorney. :- ; -,
TA KK YTOWN VIEWS
BOOKEFELLEirS WIG
Billionaire Attends Chiircli
and Appears in Best of
Spirits.
Special Dispatchto The Call.
TARRYTOWN. N. V., Oct. 15.— The con
gregation ot the First Baptist Qhurch at
Tarrytown-on-the-Hudson to-day had its
first glimpse- of John D. Rockefeller in
his .new gray wig, as .he attended the
morning services, accompanied by Mrs.
Rockefeller aiid" her sister, , Miss Spell
man. The Rockefeller party drove from
theirs big .country domain to the church
in a three-seated strap. : A liveried coach
man was mounted on the t)ox. When the
plate Was passed, Mr, Rockefeller dropped
a gold'Pieee.into It, and at the conclusion
of the services he shookfnands ,with the
pastor. Rev. ,E. W. Husted, and many
members of the church. '., " " .
"I am glad to. see you," Mr. Rockefeller
remarked, as he clasped hands with dif
ferent parishioners. | "I hope you are well.
I never felt better, thank you." ; -'f :
Mr.. Rockefeller ' appeared to be' in the
best of spirits and looked healthier than
he has In years. His friends say that his
new wig Is very becoming to him and he
keeps It in, perfect condition alltheitlme.
U DALLAS, Texas* Oct. 15.— The negro
Baptist Convention of .Texas, In session
at .Waco, adopted a . resolution; to-day
commending- J. D. Rockefeller and say
ing: that; : ln the opinion of the conven
tion^ he was an inspired giver. -' It also
commended, what' he had done for the
advancement of education and religion.
PHILIPPINE OUTLAW, * \
• ATTACKS THE MOROS
Da'tto 'All • nffflnn Cnmpnißn A^alnnt
Chiefs . Frlendlr to r" .
•\u25a0' ' " .'\u25a0 ; , \u25a0';, Americn.' \u25a0:'. '\u25a0">' \u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0"•
AIANILA.Oct. 16.^-Datto Ali with his
followers , in . the proyince' of ' Mindanao
has taken ..the agarressiye and is killing
many 1 Morbs friendly 'to | the I Govern
ment. Mi has informed dattos who are
assisting'^ the- Federal . troops ,to effect
MsS capture | that .he ; : Is r 'now J prepared
to -meet vand*' kill.;- them: Provisional
companies of troops^are now; takingr the
field ; for a .vigorous^campaign, aided. by
friendly/ dattos _ who . are " being., armed
by; the Government. ..* :
Vmoii (nlllmiit .. Cnmlin
/TOLEDO, Ohio.: Oct. -16.— Arthur .E.
McKlnstry, financial -J secretary;, of S-r. the
Maumec * River ~Yacht , Club, 'and "\WilHe
Donohue, . ; his ;; f ourteenf year-old -icom
panlon, were' drowned *by the 'capsizing
of alsinall, ; sailboat; in Maumee Bay, this
afternoon. V . * • ' . .
LOCAL MEN
FIGURE IN
PARIS BANK
FORMER MEMBER -OF FHENCH .
/ CAntNET. WHO WILJ. • HEAD .
BANK JN-I'MIIS. ' :,
President: Is;lto. Be an ;Ex-
CaMnet ' Officer : of ; : v.
Fpfclal-Cable to'iThe Call an<V New > York Her
/_ al<*.> Cor.vrJßbt.. 10r,:. ti l>y tlju-r.N^W^Yprk
Herald PubllShliig"Conip*nr.- '_- ''.*•' ~"'"' \u25a0' '
: PARIS, Oct. 16.^— Negotiations are
proceed Ing"'- for' instituting ; a bank un
der the name of- the. Hanauc Franco-
AmericainerSomc-Sftn Francisco, bank
ers arc said 1 -to. bo-- interested. -The
president will; Be- M." Pierre .Biiiiilin..for
mer Minister."*)!. Public -Works. . .
NOT IN FAVOR
OF LIVING TH E
SIMPLE LIFE
Pastor; Says He Fears
the Man Who Is-
\u25a0f 00 Good.
Special Dispatclito The Call.
CHICAGO. ;Oc!. 15.— The "simple life"
is not all that it L> claimed for- it, accord
ing to Rev. Joseph A. Milburn, one of
the speakers at "the Advertising Men's
banquet hi' the Auditorium lastnight. -
"I do not". believe" in ;the simple life,"
said the pastor of Plymouth Church. "I
want to live, a full, ripe life and get all
there is out'of.it.'^The only simple life
I know of" is that of \ the penitentiary.
You are teaching men to live if -you tell
them that. it,is all. iigh'tlb strive for luxu^
ries. I anj ( dreadfully afraid of 'the, man
who is top.'gpod. .The right sort of men
are thosei'whoT'are;, gpou felldws, with
equal emphasis^ on both wxirds.''" ,
Dr. Milburn also V discussed * "tainted
money." -..".* ""; . . , ~'
"Nobody- would -have any money if all
refused'it'because.pf -its being tainted,",
he said. ' : ' j.~'' \u25a0'\u25a0''-' '-.'..' ' ' ('
Hyde- to. Kaoc ' luve«tlgrators.
NEW. YORK, Oct." 15.— Jariies.'B. Ha
zen Hyde has^^ finally.: decided to face the
Insurance " investigation : ; committee.
Through: his personal ;attorney," Samuel
TJntermeyer,! it - Is
that 'Mr. .Hyde'; would -be here.' in the
next :day :or ;two . prepared to accept' a
Bubpena from the legislative "commit
tee. -He is expected in.- the .city." not
later -.than'. Wednesday. .; Hyde! has been
visiting friends , in and near Boston,re
cently. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' .-.:'\u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0' "-• ".' . \u0084 . .' .
GOVERNOR GEKERAI.- GOMEZ
BECOMES: PRIVATE CITIZEN
Provincial ' Cuninoll , Accept* r the Mcslb-
nntlon. of- (lie Cubnn
'. PoIHIHnn. . •
HAVANA. ; ;Oct. : .-15.— The Provincial
Council tp-day| accepted' the resigna
tions i of Governor ,f General , Gomez, 'who
recently/^ibandoned his candidacy for
the • Presidency on : the/: Liberal ~ ticket,
and t M; x Alvcrdi, . the/: Lleutcnan^ Gov
ernor,"; who jhas > been:. acting:. Governor
duringr,.the.;absehce.in the, United States
of 3 Governor.,, Gomez. : . The Council -then
took]u'p>the;ciuestion l of : the election of
their, successors^ I;.^. ; ; '„, ;V'
'\u25a0i-The) City Council of 4 Santa Clara, the
"memberß ofj.-which have heretofore been
adherents of *the Liberal * party, >,to- day
declared. theiriadhesion. to the Moderate
or v Goverirmerit;: party.'.'.; \u25a0 \u25a0 .
PruMlnn -Mlbinter. Kcnlgiis.
1 BERLIN, -.V Oct: -. \u25a0 lS.'rfl lcfir ?'•. 7 Mocller,
Prussian vMlnlster. of; Commerce! and fn^
'dustry, :';.h'as£re'sigrried.'_; llTe^will bosuc
cceded^by, Herr.; DelbVuck," president of
the' province^ of "West -Prussia.^ '
DELIGHTED
BY ACT OF
Califomian Elated
by Cheers for
HaTnihr
x Uiixiix y i
B. P. Oliver of San
Francisco Tells of
His Reception.
With His Wife^and His Eight
\u25a0 Children He Calls on,
Roosevelt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW; YORK, OcC la.— "lt was a. little
embarrassing at first when President
Roosevelt began cheering for me and my
family in the' presence of all those bank
er.^, but when I realized that it was in
tended as a great compliment I began
t'o-.feol quite flattered." • .< • - \u25a0 -
Tii- this way Bartley P, Oliver, the San
Francisco man. described :at the Broad
way- Central Hotel to-night his. queer sen
sations? when, orr introducing- his wife and
oijjhO children to President Roosevelt last
week at the White Mouse, the President
suddenly called, , for' three air-splitting
cheers and led off -himself. '•\u25a0 .
• /fhe incident happened while the Presi
dent was receiving ;the delegation .from
the. American ; • Bankers' Association,
which was holding a convention -In the
Capital City. ,* ' ; ; - ,
: Oliver met the President when the ex
ecutive visited.. San Francisco some
months , ago,- arid ;> being" on .his " way:- to
Europe ' witlihls" family.; stopped off ; at
'Washington iast ; Wednesday to present
his children to' Mr.'- Roosevelt. Oliver
walked _.up;- to Lthe..:Pr.csidcnt J ._wlthW_hJ3
eighty children m following-,- "arranged ac-"
cordins?'. to age. t he'^li ttlest one ahead._ His
wife ..was -lnst. V.- The .President (Tcrnera
befed '.Oliver, and, ';:.' gra«ping : liis hand,
aaked him. how everything was: "out, on
the coa,«t'.". ' Oliver assured him' every
thing was. all right.
"Then 5 1 presented* my youngest child,
John, aged six," said Oliver. "The Presi
dent said he was delighted. Ja nd John,
saying, 'Thank you,' gave way to th»
next, Bartley Jr., who is 8. Then came
Adelaide. 11. and after her Helen, 13, and
Eugenic. 15. . '
"Mr. Roosevelt shook hinds very cor
dially with each one. When I introduced
Katherine, who- is 17. the President ex
claimed: 'And these arc all- Olivers!'
*Yos, Mr. President," I responded, 'but
you have not met them all yet. There
are eight of them.' ;••'
"'Eight:' replied * Mr. Roosevelt, with
enthusiasm. 'My, that is fine. I propose
three cheers for Mr. Oliver.' \u0084
"The call was heard all over the re
ception-room.. The surprised bankers who
stoo- around- did - not know what was
going on, but gave the cheers, anyhow.
I felt at first as though I would rather
he most anywhere cite, but in a moment
-T concluded that it was a fine compli
ment, and proceeded .to feel . elated. I
Inirouuced <the remaining two children—
Joan. 19, and Nora. 20— when the cheers
had subsided. and thon presented my wife.
•' 'Well, well; you are to be congratu
lated.' said the President to v?. ''This is
a family after' my own heart.'
"Then, raising his voice,' he said, so
every one in the room could hear: ..'I pro
pose three' routing cheers, once more, for
Mr. and Mr?. Oliver and their eight-chil
dren.' " *' '.'-.'•"".-"•' " "\u25a0
"The outburst that followed." said Oli
ver, "almost tore holes in the air."
PERDCIARIS ABAXDOXS
• " 'I'URBTUI/EXT MOROCCO
Says Situation In Sultan's Country Is
' Xot Appreciated In United •
; State*. \u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0 . . .
WASHINGTON, Octl 15,-^-lon Perdi
caris, the'American',cltizenrwho, while
residing at .Tnngier.'Morocco, was cap
tured by 'Rafsuli/'the' bandit." about a
year and a. half ; ago," -^hd whose case
was the fsubje'ct of : vigorous 'represen
taitions by this Government to the' Su
ltan of /Morocco, has taken!;an.apart
ment 'in Washington; for the- winter.
Perdicarls^ls: accompanied by his wif»V
His' decision' to remain In this country
for- some time is due "to the unsettle'l
conditions in -Morocco and also be
cause, of ;!the« controversy •between
France and Germany "over their're
spective interests there.
In discussing the case there'Pcrdi
caris:; declared that the international
situation regarding:" Morocco is not ap
preciated \, generally In — \u25a0' the United
States andlithat'lt Is an effort on tho
part of France to; gain a dominant po
litical position .in."Mo rocco. . "
JAMES M.l'OfiG OF TEXAS ,
- , IS UIXG^CRITICAtIiY ILL
Ex-Govcruor.il»» AJHloted With Drops;*
* nnd Re-uitcsrfo'/UnderEro «n . -
Operation.
FORT*- WORTH. Tex.. Oct. 15.— Ex-
Governor James M. Hogg is lying, ill
in a hotel herctHe" was en route ;to
ahealth'resort'whenhe'had to. stop.
The Y ex-Governor,^ who ;- weighs J more
than 300 pounds," isaffllcted, with dropsy
and 'his' physicians say that unless' he
is " ; tapped I , at' , once he cannot" survive.
He declines 'to submit "to the operation,
saying: if his time husfcotne-he will go.
Yon StcrnburßTf Xftt' to -'Retire.
i;.- BERLlN, 'Oct. vls;—-A_ . comprehensive
denial is;givenofficiallj-_ofv those para
graphs in thclGerman press
to the effect, that [Baron Speck' yon
Stcrnburg is likely to;>ctiro from the
post' of i German .:; Embassador Jto ; the
United States 'on \ account "of ,-• delicate
health. /The question \of .',u i change of
EifihaS3iidor.« .at Washington has not
bccn?c6n3sdercd\' />"--." '. > \u0084\u25a0-'\u25a0'."*;- ' '
ALCAZAR— "The Cr!«t»."
CALIFORNIA— BurIesQue.
; CKNTRAIi — "Tracked Around the
World."
CHUTES— Vaudeville. Matiae*.
GRAND— "In Old Kentucky."
MAJESTIC— "Janice Meredith.**
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
LYRIC HALL— Harold Bau«r.
DR. PARKHURST SCORES
INSURANCE GRAFTERS
Also Condemns
the State
Solons.
Heavy Blow for
Vice Under
: a Cloak.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Preaching this
mornins In the Madison-Avenue Presby
terian Church . upon .the results of the
insurance investigation, Rev. Dr. Park
hurst said that "all of this which by a
mere accident came to light in the In
stance of a single"'corporat:on has to be
interpreted as symptomatic of- the gen
eral disease that is gnawmg into the
vitals of the body politic and the body
financial.'"' lie .added: • •
"When, In If*quiet, clandestine vay, the
agent of a -campaign committee visits a
corporation "• to secure a contribution, he
is' in spirit doing what the police captain
does when he puts his hand behind his
back and stands with an open palm till
the" palm has been filled with the volun
tary donation bestowed by ihe keeper of
a low resort in Hester street." .
Regarding Legislatures and insurance
companies. Dr. Parkhurst sard that "both
are tarred with the same stick, one levies
blackmail .and the other pays it." The
preacher- continual \u25a0
"Some people steal more than others,
not -because they are worse stealers, but
because they have more chances to steal.
I do not know how many of us could af
ford to run theA risk |of being president
of an" insurance "company or- the son,
nephew,' cousin or . brother-in-law of the
president. I do not know whether .the
way some people' deal -in stocks Is gam
bling, but iMt i«, -call it gambling. Cod
dling infamy makes it respectable and
pretty goon-vice becomes simply virtue,
got -out in a gilt-edged and . limp-back
edition,' ;> ''\u25a0'\u25a0 .\u25a0• "\u25a0'\u25a0'- *_'.*•\u25a0:'
*"Th«f- wicked gutter people downtown
gamble j coarsely. : \u25a0, Good '^avenue.; people
,uptowu : gamble ..refinedly, .. and . then . no^
body, knows what gambling Is or whether
it.'ls vice or virtue.; Wicked people, very
wicked people, practice licentiousness in
ths^Tenderloin^ whjle; others, .men ;and
women -who "would, not- beTseen !n' the
'Tenderloin/.' summon divorce courts, and
other appliances' to.their- relief and op
erate what is -fn Gods- sight fa- Tender
loin", of* their; own, 'without forfeiting the
friendship and' confidence ,of churchy
people'in our. 'best society.'
•-"It was ten years- ago that a friend of
mine, employed- in an 'insurance office in
this city and in a position that enabled
him; to get on to 'a system of finance
that was already in vogue there, placed
in my hands a large amount of material
which he wished might \be used as the
starting point of an. investigation, but
placed as we were, it was too much like
trying to plant a dynamite bomb under
the throne of Satan to undertake
to combat in the courts an insti
tution that has fo much pocket money
that it can deal out' whole scoopfuls of
gold wjhout calling for an accounting,
that can put a million and a half into
salaries and lawyers and lay out $72,861
in a. year on wine 'and terrapin.**
BRIDE SAID TO HAVE
BEEN SOLD AS SLAVE
Believed to Have Been Taken
to Egypt and Dis-
SpecJal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK," Oct.. 13.— The- Journal
says: Introduced to her prospective hus
band by a matchmaking matron, married
to a man after falling in love with him at
first 3ight, taken by him to Egypt, where
she was sold as a white slave, and finally
rescued from her bondage — this has been
the strange experience of a New York
girl within the last three months, accord-
Ing to her brothers, who are trying to se
cure her return, home.
- Mollie Katzln was married last July to
Harry Lederer, after a courtship of a few
weeks. ! A month later she and her hus
band mysteriously, disappeared. Her
brothers made a search for her, but
found, no trace of the missing girl until
a letter reached them a few days ago
from Alexandria, Egypt. . The letter was
from- the" International Society' for the
Suppression of. the "White Slave Trade.
The letter said : .that, the girl was In the
hands of the society,' which had rescued
her from the white slave" traders who
had 5 purchased her. There was inclosed
a note' in handwriting which her broth
ers say. is her own. and leaves no doubt
as to the truth of the story. .
JAPAXESE AXD GERJUX .
• COI.OXISTS FOR MEXICO
r.nnrf Companr Prcpnrlnsr to Drlng in
\u25a0. • it. Thowtandn of \u25a0 Foreisn
. Settlers. .
MAZATLAN. Mex., Oct. . 15. — The
Sinaloa I^and Company, which was or
ganized In -Los Angeles to survey the
publiclands ' of Sinaloa under a Gov
ernment concession, is nearing "comple
tion of the work. The public lands of
tbe'State- amount to- about . 10.000.000
acres. • .The company will receive'one
third: of the ; land surveyed and plans
to bring over thousands of Japanese
and Germans. k
Five .Cblvneo ', Firemen Hurt.
/ CHICAGO. Oct. 15.— Five firemen
were slightly injured and property
valued at $130,000 was destroyed to-day
by a fire that demolished ..the- five-story
brickbuilding at' 73 and 77 Lake street,
occupied by Podrasink. -Klapperich &
Co.; wholesale: dealers inL;paints and
wall : paper, v Several explosions of | oil
and varnish . occurred and the firemen
were"; injured by; falling glass ' and'fly
jog splinters.; .- - ..
* Norway's , .Mlnlwter^ to Washington.
CHRISTIANIA: Oct. 1 6.— The Politiken
this morning 1 says* it ; learns that Frit-
Jof Nanseii.-the.ArctH; explorer, will bo
fippnintcd Norwegian Minister at Wash
inston.: B1B 1 - . '
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NEW. YORK MINISTER WHO
SCORES BOTH INSURANCE AND
POLITICAL GRAFT. .
MEXICO BEING
AMERICANIZED
BY PIECEMEAL
Natives Are Learning
to Speak English
Language.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. Colo.. Oct. 13.— "Mexico will
be assimilated piecemeal by the United
States, and the assimilation will be a
peaceful operation," says John L. Her
man of the City of Mexico, a capitalist
who is purchasing mining machinery
in Denver. "The first steps along this
line are being taken in the State of
Sonora. There most of the natives
speak the English language and are
shaping their actions after the people
of the^Unlted States.
"The fact that there Is about $400,
000,000 of .the money of United [States
capitalists. invested in Mexico will as
sist in the assimilation, in a measure.
as the capitalists have Araerieaif men
down there to -manage-; their ".affairs.
They also arc forced", to e:nnli>y»-W**h.
dreds of Americans in- pusttiAas'thc
Mexicans cannot till, and' these men
are patriotic enough, to- work -lor. the
assimilation. . .-"|>V-r-
"Capitalists will work against' the
union of the two nations up to a-cer
tain point; As the laws now are in
Mexico it Is the rich man's paradise,
as they are all in favor of the employer
and work to keep the laboring man
almost in a state of slavery. It Mexico
were a part. of the United States, -the3«
would have, to be changed." '.'\u25a0\u25a0. *'J-,.
FIFTEEN BALLOONS
IN ENDURANCE EACE
AscendVFrom Paris and Ef
fect' Start Toward Ger
man Frontier. «
PARIS, Oct. X.— Aeronautic representa
tives of France, Belgium, ' Spain. Russia.
Italy and England ' ascended ' this after
noon from the the Tulllerles Gardens in
the presence of an enormous crowd- Tha
contest la " to be one oZ endurance and
was organized for the benefit of the suf
fers -by the recent earthquakes In the
province of Calabria. Italy.
Fifteen balloons safely effected a start
toward the German frontier, during the
prevalence of an extremely high wind.
The aeronauts will endeavor to beat ths
distance record of 511 miles. , and prize*
tor given for the balloon remaining in the
air forty hours without replenishing their
gas bags. The Americans, Frank Larma
and four other entrants, abandoned • the
- . w^AaavfcaMirdßiMassUMMtessflMnßßfluHßQMß^HSßS
contest. : .
• J \PA>ESE STATESMEN
TO EXTERTA LV Bit V.W
American Will Be Gneat of Marnnls Ita
null Count Ok u ma at a
Dinner.
TOKIO Oct. 13. — William J. Bryan
and nis family, who arrived at : Yofco
harria on Saturday, will spend two
weeks In Japan. They will make a
vl'it of five days to Tokio and Marqul3
Ito president of the Privy Council, and
Count Okuma. Foreign Minister, ' wilt
invite Mr. Bryan -to a dinner.
. The Japanese- American Society will
invite Mr. 'Bryan to* address its mem
bers at : the Young Men's Hall- on \u25a0 Oc-_
tobcr 17. Count Okuma -^rill preaida2
FAMED BEAUTY
OF THE STAGE
Peg Wofiington's Career Is
Recalled by the Proposed
Sale of Her Almshouses
STOBY OF KEPEXTAXCE
Woman's Life Devoted to
Charity After Her Con
version to Christian Faith
Special L>:*patch to The Call
LONDON, Oct. Ij.— lt has just beta an
nounced that the row of cottages built by
Peg \Voflsngton as almshouses are to be
sold. That means they art doomed. They
will probably pass into the hands of some
enterprising builder who will demolish
them to make room for more prete&tioui
dwellings. To ail who are familiar with
the story of the famous actress there is
something peculiarly pathetic in iheir
Ircper.dinjj destruction*
••Alas:" said P«.g to her sister, nfter
learning from th< doctor that a fatal
taalady l-.a-i pelzed upon iur, "I bad 'lone
mure harm than I cou'.d ever hope to do
good now. and my io:ig life of folly and
\u25a0wickedness will be rrmembertd— will b
wl>at they call famous; my short life of
repentance who will know or heed or
take to profit?"
These picture syutly simple cottages
have long constituted a monument to thc
meniojy of th:;t Uiief and better life In
which this beautiful and brilliant woman
6ought to atone for her frailties by acts
of charity and piety. Her numerous the
atrical triumphs are recorded in various
histories of the English stage. Her many
amours, too, are often mentioned in these
old chronicles and fre-qu*nt references to
them occur in descriptions of early eight
eenth century life. Of the story of her
life in retirement at Teddington. dt voted
to good deeds, little survives. Her alms
houses were occupied as such only for a
ehort time. Most of their present tenants
- — humble working' folk who grumble
much at the rents, they hav# to pay —
have never even Jicu.ro of her. But as
long as thoy M^nd. to those oT an in
quiring fjrn they iitford indubitable
evidence cf the. "genuineness of poor
1-Vg's re'pentai'ce and conversion. With
their «lestrn«-tion there will remaiii
nothing to reral! that side of her life.
CAREER OK THE ACTRESS.
No actress ever nad less of a chance
to become a shining example of feminine
propriety than Ptg Worrington. Birth,
environment, the fatal gift of beauty —
everything was against her. Her father,
a journeyman bricklayer of Dublin, re
ceived a pauper's burial, leaving his
•widow to struggle against a load of debt
with two little girls to support, of whom
Peg, then 2 years old. was the elder. She
made her debut on the stage — if such it
can be called— when she was still an in
fant. Madame Violas***, a Frenchwoman,
was running what would now be called
a variety show. One of her acts was a
tightrope performance In which she car
ried a baby in a basket. Peg was the
baby. The show did not pay and Peg's
life was not long- thus imperiled. Mrs.
Woffington hawked fruits and vegetables
for -, a-, living, and Peg, as soon as she
uas£s£l«.io toddle, helped Jier. Her fa
vorftethaunt was the theater, where she
fold oranges. When she was 10 the en
terprising Madame Violante started a
Lilliputian cor-i^auy and Peg was en
gp.«jftd to play "Polly" in the "Beggar's
Opera.". • , \u25a0
Her extraordinary talents enabled her to
overcome all educational defects and her
success : . v-as';, phenomenally rapid. The
beauty, wivv yivueity :md high spirits of
the untutored Irish girl brought all Lon
don to hor lo<-t. .She was certainly the
loveliest woman at that time on the
si&ge.
"She had." wrote Charles Reade, in his
dramatic story of which she is the hero
ine, "a head of beautiful form, perched
like a bird upon a throat massive, but
shapely and smooth like a column of ala
baster, a symmetrical . brow, black eyes
full of fir« and tenderness, a delicate
mouth, with a hundred varying expres
sions, and that marvelous faculty of giv
ing beauty alike to love or scorn, a sneer
or a smile. In person she was consid
erably above middle height, and so finely
formed that one could not determine the
ex&ct character of her figrure. At one
time she seemed all 'stateliness, at an
other time elegance personified, and flaw
i!ig voluptuousness at another. She was
Juno, Psycho. Hebe by turns, and. for
anight we know, at will."
Those were the days when it was taken
for granted that an actress had no repu
tation to lose. Peg Woffington was never
a hypocrite. And if she greatly needed
it she certainly possessed that virtue
•which is credited with great capacity for
covering sins. She made her mother an
allowance which relieved her of all ne
cessity of wrri-Uig for a living. She had
her sister carefully educated. To stage
folk" in luck she was always most
generous. She never forgot a kindness
done to her in ncr own early days of
poverty and hardship. None who had
oefriended her when she was an orange
girl in Dublin appealed in vain to her for
assistance. She made no parade of her
charities. She frequently slipped away
from some KokjiC of gayety to do some
kind deed by stealth.
MEX ItAVED OVER HER BEAUTY.
Of her -great talents and versatility as
an actress, contemporary reports admit of
no tfoubt. Her repertoire was an exten
•stv« one. In "breeches" parts, as male
roles, when personified by a woman were
ihen termed, she excelled. She played Sir
Harry r Wildair so much better than 'Da
vid Garrick that he abandoned that char
acter. In the zenith of her London fame
she accepted an engagement with Mr.
Sheridan at a big salary for those days
and returned to Dublin. The men went
\u25a0wild over the beautiful woman who, as
a little, barefooted ragged girl there had
often carried a pitcher on her head down
to the Liffey. In that wittiest of cities
her wit was a match for the best. She
was lionized in dramatic, political and lit
erary circles. But the Dublin ladles said
that she was n. naughty woman and re
fused to associate with her. She retorted
that they could converse on only two
topics— silks and scandal— and were intel
lectually her Inferior. They made things
unpleasant for her in Dublin and she re
turned to London. There something hap
pened that transformed her whole life.
This is Charles Reade's description of it:
"Xot long after. It so happened that she
went into a small church In the city one
Sunday afternoon. The preacher was
such as we have often heard; but not so
this poor woman in her day of sapless
theology, ere John Wesley waked the
snoring church. Instead of sending a dry
clatter of morality about the-ir ears, or
evaporating the Bible in the thin gener
alities of the pulpit, this man drove
God's truths home to the hearts of men
and women. In hifc hands the divine
virtues were thunderbolts, not swan's
down. With good sense, plain speaking
and a heart yeaning for the souls of his
brethren and his sieters, he stormed the
bosoms of many; and this afternoon, as
he reasoned like Paul of righteousness,
temperance and judgment to come, sin
ners trembled; and Margaret Wofllngton
was of those who trembled.
"After this she came often to the nar
row street where shone this house of
Go<s. and still new light burst upon her
heart and conscience. Here she learned
CZAR ISSUES
PEACE ORDERS
TJirone Informs Ministers of
the Ratification of the
Treaty of Portsmouth
TRIBUTE TO PRESIDENT j
3lr. Roosevelt First to Be
Notified of Attaching
of the Imperial Signature
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 15. — The rat
ification of the treaty of "peace was
formally announced this morning- in
the official Messenger, whEchrsays that
It went into effect yesterday. \u25a0
As a graceful mark of appreciation
of the part he took in bringing about
the conference at Portsmouth and the
resultant peace. President j Roosevelt
was the first 'person to be notified by
tlu ltussian Government that Emperor
Nicholas had ratiiied the treaty. As
soon as the Enipefor'S "signature had
been aftixed to the instrument, and be
fore the treaty had been brought 1 back
from Peterhof for the counter signa-.
lure of Foreign Minister • Lamsdorff,
the news was sent directly to the
President. Official notification' to , the
French Government and the Foreign
Office followed several hours later,
when Count Lamsdorff had completed
the ratification by his signature. . ' ••
The Government took no steps to
make known, to the' people of Russia
the fact that the Emperor had signed'
the treaty before the receipt of the of
ficial notification that the instrument
had been ratified- by the signature of
the Emperor of Japan and the first
news therefore was communicated
through the press dispatch from Wash
ington.
As soon as the treaty had been fully
ratified the Foreign Office communicat
ed the fact to the war, navy and other
ministries, and the necessary orders
were immediately -issued to bring home
some of, the ships internet in neutral
harbors.
The date for the exchange of pris
oners of war has not yet been fixed.
Thomas Smith. American Vice. Consul
at Moscow, 6ent to Medvld to-day sev
eral thousand roubles which had been
received from Japan for the Japanese
prisoners there.
YELLOW FEVER SITUATION
IMPROVES IN PEXSACOLA
PENSACOLA, Fla., Oct. . 15.-r-To-day's
yellow fever report showed an improve
ment In the situation. The summary
shows that during the day fifteen new
cases were reported. Two deaths oc-r
curred. Fifteen were discharged.
Total deaths, 55. Total cases. 409." . At'
present there are 173 cases under treat
ment.
VICKSBURG, Miss., Oct". 15. — Six new
cases and two deaths were the yellow
fever report for'tc-day. •'\u25a0-.- ; \u25a0" -..
NATCHEZ, Miss.. Oct. 15. — Seven new
cases of yellow fever were reported
to-day. One death occurred.
NEW. ORLEANS, Oct. 15.— -New yel
low fever cases, 9; deaths, 3. ;•» . ,
why she was. unhappy; here she learned
how alone she could be happy; here she
learned to know herself; and the mo
ment she knew herself she abhorred her
self and repented in- dust and- ashes. -
"This strong and straightforward char-,
acter made . no attempt to reconcile two
things that an average Christian- would
have continued to reconcile. Her interest
fell in a moment before her new sense
of right. She flung her profession from
her like a poisonous seed. It was in the
zenith of her charms and her fame that
she went home one night, after a .play,
and never entered a theater by front door
or back door again. She declined all
leave-taking and ceremony."
It was at Teddington, some eighteen
miles from London, and one of the most
picturesque of the towns that border the
Thames, that she retired to live her new
life. Never a spendthrift— some of her
relatives said she was downright stingy
—she had saved enough from her profes
sional earnings to supply her own sim
ple wants and enable her to devote herself
to the poor and needy. Ignored by the
gay world that had toasted and feted
the dashing actress, her. doings were no
longer chronicled. But one story that
has been preserved shows what manner
of life she lived at Teddington. An old
admirer met her, clad in an old black
silk gown and gray shawl, and carrying
a large basket on her arm. It was filled
with worsted stockings which she had
knitted and was taking to some of her
dependents. The gentleman said he
thought she was wasting valuable time
over such work and had better buy the
stockings.
"You can't buy them," was the answer.
"Nobody in this wretched town can knit
hose except Woffington."
She was still young and beautiful and
had confidently counted on devoting to
charity as many years as she had to -the
stage. But It was not to be. Certain
unpleasant symptoms to which she had
paid little attention in the excitement of
theatrical life, she could no longer ig
nore. She called In Dr. Bowlder, a fa
mous physician who had been an admirer,
of hers in the old days. He saw that she
was doomed. Wishing to spare her feel
ings, hie called for pen and paper under
the pretense that he intended writing her
a prescription. But what he wrote was
a note to an intimate friend of hers,
asking him to break the dire intelligence
to her by degrees, "with care and ten
derness." adding that it was "all we can
do for her."
HEADS HER OWX DEATH WARRANT \
Glancing over his shoulder, Peg read
her death warrant. Only one little gasp
ing sigh broke from her. It was the doc
tor who was overcome by the discovery
that she had learned the ghastly truth.
She banded him a glass of wine and told
him not to grieve for her. She lived
three years longer, and while strength
remained in her still busied . herself
with deeds of charity and went about
her work smiling and cheerfully. Un
der the chancel of the old parish
church at Teddington, opposite which
she had built her almshouses, she was
buried. On the wall just above the
little pulpit is a tablet with this simple
inscription:
"N*ar this Monument lies the Body of
Margaret Woffington, Spinster, Born Oc
tober 17. IT2O, who departed this Life
March 28, 17C0, aged 38 years." .
Below it is a smaller tablet bearing this
record: \u25a0'X'-V" ' ' '
"In the same grave lies the Body of
Master Horace Cholmorldeley, son of the
Hon. Robert Chohnondeley and Mary
Cholmondeley, sister of the said Mar
garet Woffington, aged 6 months." .
Until purchased by a tramway com
pany a year ago, the cottages were .in
the same condition as when Peg built
them. But to increase their renting value
the rompany put in modern windows and
doors.
The Atchlaon, Torx?lca and Santa Fe Rail
way famous California limited train, three
days -to Chicago, leaves Mondays and Thurs
days. Thle train c'arrleg the latest *tyle of
Pullman cars, observation car, library and
splendid dir.lne car service. Train Is electric
lighted throughout. For further Information
apply to F. W. Prince, city, ticket agent. C 53
ilvlxt «;i»i. fian . SVajwlann. Ca.l. •
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL.: MONDAY; OCTOBER 10.-1905.
MANY EYES
WATCH FOR
MURDERER
Police Think Milton Frank
lin Andrews, Slayer of
Bessie Bouton, Is Still
Concealed in This City
LEE MAKES KNOWN
ADDITIONAL FACTS
Siiys Afteiv^ Colorado Crime
- Man Sought' For Hid in
Denver and. Escaped Fin
i ally,' oh Vancouver \ Ship
The. hunt for Mil ton. Franklin Andrews,"
slayer of Bessie Bouton in Denver, last
October, has put the San.^Francisco po
lice force on its mettle and there is a
determination that' the celebrated criminal
shall not escape from this city. /
That he is still in San Francisco, , the
lecal detectives have little doubt. Driven
like a beast of. prey to its lair, the
woman-slayer and j world-noted crook Is
ccwering in silence, Waiting , until the
ferret eyes of the hoverins hawks of the
law shall grow less keert in iheir search,
vhen he hopes to scuttle away in • the
night and lose himself again in the -great
covert furnished by a distant country.
The police have compared Andrews' un
derclothing with that of the thug who
was killed by 'Policeman Lestrange in
West Berkeley on September 28, in .con
nection with the theory that both An
drews and the dead thug were members
of a gang called; the Howard gang,
headed by Augustus Howard of Austra
lia. It is found that the underclothing is
almost identical- in" texture, weave and
marks of manufactory, ' both sets being
apparently of Australian manufacture.
The sensation caused by Lee's yarn of
the alleged attempt to : kill him for his
money in the Berkeley, -cottage has be
come a secondary one after the great ex
citement produced by the sudden appear
ance and feverish pursuit of the. notori
ous murderer, who has flashed into view
like a maii-eatihg shark from afar and
shot back into ocean's deptns, with the po
lice watching vainly for a chance to use
their nets. -Excitement has been caused
in Denver, too, -and many, messages are
flashed back and forth between the heads
of the police .departments of the^-two
cities. • \u25a0-
ESCAPE SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE.
If Andrews really is in this city, it
seems almost Impossible for him to es
cape,' There is $2000 waiting for any one
who will turn him over to the officers of
justice. This bait makes his position an
unsafe one, even If he -is shielded by
some of his own ilk, as it is supposed he
is?. There may be honor among thieves,
ft>Uk r criminals who ithlak&MtJJe of killing
JttfjSßlldw being forV^t^tless than $2000
may-hot hesitate to inform even on one
or their own' 1 - f on that amount.
Besides the sharp glances of the detec
tives and several hundred -policemen, the
eyes of thousands pi fother*. citizens are
strained ; "in -ther. hopes -; of ' \u25a0'.- catching j a
glimpse ; of ' Andrews. It' looks as if a
hand from. somewhere will surely stretch
out -to' apprehend him' the minute he
breaks from cover. " . \
Of such unusual appearance is Bessie
Bouton's murderer that he cannot slip
away easily . and lose himself among a
crowd of his fellow men. His six feet
three Inches of height, his skeleton slen
derness, the fact that he walks pigeon
toed and the perceptible scar on his
cheek make his detection a matter of
ease, should he appear on the street now.
Andrews isn't likely to appear,
thougu, when so many thousands of
eyes are watching for him, when every
man who looks like a rail and who
has a fad for eating prepared cereal
foods is inspected thoroughly 'by ama
teur sleuths with a vision of $2000
easily earned before them. The police
deem it certain that* he is being con
cealed in a room somewhere until he
can grow a beard and until he thinks
the excitement caused by. the sudden
appearance of Bessie Bouton's slayer
in San Francisco has subsided. It was
by such concealment for a time that
he managed to escape from Denver
after his atrocious crime in Colorado.
aiAN'Y EYES ARE WATCHING.
How keenly Andrews is being
watched for is shown by the number
of reports sent to Acting Captain of
Detectives Reynolds by, persons who
think they have seen the ' murderer.
One of these came from a grocery store
on Van Ness avenue, where a man re
sembling Andrews' had "been calling for
a few days and buying breakfast foods.
Detectives Braig and Egan traced this
man to his room and saw he was not
Andrews. Clifford dv Jardin,' driver of
a grocery wagon, reported seeing a
man answering ' Andrews' description
near the Vallejo-street dock Saturday
morning, looking for the steamer Au
relia, due to sail that day for Eureka.
This man wore corduroy trousers
tucked into hunting boots. ; Dandy,
though he is, Andrews will doubtless
array himself In rough clothes when he
•tries tornake his escape.'
Many others have, sent in reports of
having seen Andrews. ' All these re
ports have been faithfully investigated
by the detectives.' Some of the persons
taken for the murderer have been ri
diculously different from' him and some
have come close to the description.
William Lee. or Ellis, who had the
fight wi,th Andrews that nearly led to
Lee's death in the Berkeley house over
the division of the : spoils .of an Aus
tralian burglary, giVesf.a little . more
information of valu"e : each' day. He
says now .that the' woman who came
here with j Andrews and himself from
Australia was' the murderer's compan
ion at the time he killed^Bessle Bou
ton andthajt she concealed him for two
months in Denver until Uhe excitement
had subsided. Then he made his way
to Victoria and escaped to Australia
on the steamship \ Miowera. ' It . is "sus
pected that this' woman has secured a
room and is concealing' the' murAjrer
here: She could . mingle with the
throngs on the street and : escape de
tection.
POSED AS MILLIONAIRE.
There are other. members here of the
gang to . which', Andrews and Lee, or
Ellis, belong and they; will . help in the
concealment. as; long as ; the temptation
to get hold of the $2000 reward' can, be
resisted. This gang; has: representa
tives on both: sides .of. Uhe, water and
Andrews came here in response a
cable, message to help"':"turn a trick,"
which emprise was 'thwarted ;by the
fight Policeman £; Lestrange ; gave .mem
bers of ; the J gang fin ' Berkeley, ; result-
Ing in the death of one of them, Kelleyl
It is now known ''that a 1 crook f known
on both sides "of the'Paciflc "as; "Strap"
was one of the quartet .that Lestrange
gave battle to.T This gang was respon-;
sible for the sensational looting, of the
treasure tank fof 'i the r AlamedaV a l l ew,
RUSSIANS HISS
NATIONAL HYMN
Disturbance During School
Festival Results in Panic
in JWliich Many Are Hurt
RIOT ATTENDS FUNERAL
Removal of Body of Prince
Troubetskoy Calls Vast
Multitude Into Streets
' ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 15.— The body
of -the late Prince Troubetskoy was con
veyed to . the Nikolai ' station to-day for
removal to Moscow. A vast multitude
and deputations 'ot- students followed the
cortege. When the procession was near
ing the station a, squadron of gendarmes
appeared, and at the same moment a're
volver shot rang out in the crowd,'': caus
ing a panic. The gendarmes" drew r their
swords and f charged and dispersed the
"crowd of \u25a0 mourners , and spectators, who'
departed quietly in all directions. The
gendarmes did not use their, swords, and
as far as can be ascertained no one was
injured. : . ' .•",\u25a0 :'\u25a0.
Among the wreaths laid on the coffin
of the dead reformer was, one of orchids
from Emperor Nicholas.,' . f • •..". '• [
During the annual school festival of
the fifth ' gymnasium to-day members of
the audience; began to hiss the, national,
hymn.' A; panic ensued and the excite-
ment was 'augmented by the explosion 'of
giant 1 firecrackers.' Many persons ' were
bruised in' the rush, but no one; was se
riously injured. ' . \ . '-. '\u25a0''>•: . '
.' Red flag demonstrations in me< Nevsky
\u25a0Prospect I this afternoon drew out . im
mense crowds: of spectators, but a squad
ron of gendarmes and Cossacks "drove
the demonstrators away without resort
ing to force. . \u25a0 \u25a0 :'\u25a0: / .'
I There were no disturbances in the -in
dustrial quarter of the city/ Large forces
•of troops were held in "readiness in the
courtyards- of -the. barracks and in the
squares m various parts of -the city to
deal. with any disorders. .. .
' From ; the Nevsky- Prospect a band of
students and workmen carrying;red flags
and chanting revolutionary n - songs
marched across the river and began an
open-air meeting in the square in front
of the university. , -While the speeches
were in progress the police again charged
and dispersed ;ithe jcrowds. , In the melee
a: workman and a student received saber
cuts. > The crowd took, refuge in the. unir
versity building, ftndthe .meeting was
continued there without being disturbed
by the police. •, ; ' ;
FAMOUS NAME
IS A SCANDAL
Nephew of General Hancock
Accused of Having Caused
Death of /\\^ajL: Serv|jn>
HYATTSVILLE, Md:J Oct. 15.— Winfleld
Scott Hancock,'; nephew, of the famed
Union general, "was arrested at his fath
er's home, CollingSfWood. . about three
\u25a0 miles, from I , Hyattsville;V. to-day. \u25a0 on the
charge of having caused the death of
Emma Smallwood, a domestic employed
in his father's house. A warrant also was
Issued to-day for the arrest of Mrs. Am
anda Makall, a sister of young Hancock.
The family is very prominent in this sec
tion.
Hancock was in bed when arrested and
in no condition to make a statement. He
had been under the Influence of liquor
since the tragedy came to light.
Emma Smallwood had been in the em
ploy 'of the Hancocks for about a year.
Her death was not revealed until Friday,
when it was stated that she had come
home on Thursday afternoon after an un
explained absence of three days. She
complained of feeling ill arid soon after
ward fainted. Hancock said he caught
her as she was falling and that she
died In his arms as 'he was carrying her
to her room.
An autopsy made- by Drs. Glazebrook
and Lattimer showed that an operation
had been performed upon the young wo
man in a shockingly unskillful manner.
The .doctors said the condition of her
body indicated that she' had been dead
since Wednesday, not Thursday as Han
cock had stated. '. V ;
Naval Institute Eleats Officers.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Oct. 15.— The Na
val Institute, composed of officers of
the United States navy throughout the
world and organized for investigation
on the lines of professional interest,
has elected officers as follows: Presi
dent. Rear Admiral C. F. Goode; vice
president, Rear Admiral J. H. Sands;
secretary-treasurer, Professor P. R. Al
ger; board of control— Commander
George P. Colvocoresses, Commander
W. F. Worthington, Commander A. W.
Grant, Lieutenant Commander H. J.
Zeigmier, Lieutenant Raymond Stone
and Professor N. M.. Terry.
Harvester Trust to Be Spared.
LONDON, Oct. 16. — The correspond
ent of the Times at Wellington; New
Zealand, says he thinks the opposition
of the farmers and the country mem
bers will prevent any legislation dur
ing the present session of the New Zea
land Parliament against the American!
harvester "trust"
years ago, resulting in a rich haul.
Lee has also admitted to the .police
that he was expelled from the National
Sporting Club of .Sydney for . "welch
ing" on bets and that he fled from
Australia with Andrews close upon
the heels of that eventt.
Frank Hardy, quartermaster of the
steamer Sonoma, knew Lee, . or Ellis,
in Australia, and he identified him at
the Roosevelt Hospital yesterday. He
said that, upon fleeing from Australia
Lee went to New Zealand .with An
drews and remained- there v three weeks
before coming to this city. :: ; :
In Sydney Andrews ; passed, himself
off as an American millionaire., giving
his name as Clayton-Hill. Before See
ing with Lee he " borrowed sums ag
gregating 500; sovereigns from mem
bers of the National Club. ; v
A clerk in an uptown "railroad and
steamship office? says .that? a; man-an
swering the description:, of Andrews
bought a ticket for -the Orient "Friday
morning ; for the Korea, which sailed
the : afternoon ': of ! that day, and at * the
same time bought a" ticket- for the"east
for; a woman' he. said -wasihis wife.% \u25a0 ;
g The Sonoma •; also f sailed *on ' Friday.
The police ; do not tmnk,'; however, that
Andrews will" attempt again to make
hl3escapelby sea.f- If .he; Is*not in- this
city he: ha 3 left by itrain. .-' they/' think.
Cables have -been -sent" to Honolulu and
wires *to all the important i coast ports,
giving. Andrews'/ description.' w: ". ' .
JOLIET, 111., Oct. 15.-^The tenth anniversary
of the founding of- the prison .Volunteer League
was celebrated ' at " ; Joliet ,; penitentiary A to-day,"
Mrs. '. Maud* Balllngtons-Booth.'Tounderrof the
lwuruA. nrutd« on address to 1400 convict*. ;,
MAY BE BURIED
IN THE ABBEY
English Public Desires That
Irving's Body Should Be
Placed in Westminster
REGRET IS WIDESPREAD
King Edward and President
; Roosevelt Send Messages
Following Actor's Death
I -LONDON, Oct. 16.— That the body of Sir
Henry Irving should find a resting place
in Westminster Abbey appears to be a
very, general -desire. An editorial in this
morning's Daily Telegraph says :
\u25a0 : "The nation will, . we are persuaded to
believe,- ask- this .honor for him with no
uncertain .voice,, and' we know we inter
pret the 'wish arid ; feeling of the country
when we. plead for a. public interment in
the Abbey.',' :. "•;,>. ]
; The flood of tributes of admiration and
affection is increasing. From King Ed
ward "downward, : men of all classes,
including the great churchmen, are giv
ing 'public expression to their feelings on
the sad occasion,^ nearly all dwelling as
much on Sir" Henry ; Irving's personal
character as on his historic 'talents.
\u25a0 It seems to ; be beyond doubt that Ir
>ving sacrificed himself by. hard work. He
had been -advised a long time ago to
'give :dfc- arduous roles like that of Mat
•thias in "''The "Belles," owing to the strain
thrown 'on his _ weak heart, and only last
week 'he' was reluctantly persuaded to
omit "The Bells" in the future.
It- appears that' for several years past
the weakness of the lungs had thrown an
undue strain on the heart. Sir Charles
Wyndham says that In February last he
begged Sir, Henry to take warning and
not to burn the candle at- both ends with
receptions ' in the morning and exacting
performances in the evening.
*« Many interesting touches are revealed
in the tributes of Sir Henry's friends.
For , instances, 'Forbes Robertson says
that Sir Henry told him it was his finan
cial successes in the United States that
enabled him to create his success at the
Lyceum Theater in London.
General Booth, of , the Salvation Army,
J. L. Toole,,the actor, and Sir Theodore
Martin, were among the veterans who
hastened to express the extent of the
loss the world has sustained in the death
of Irving.
Nothing, has yet been decided aa to the
funeral arrangements pending the meet
ing of the theatrical managers which Sir
Charles Wyndham has called for to-day
and which probably will decide to ask
the dean of Westminster Abbey to per
mit interment in. the Abbey.
. .King Edward and Queen Alexandra
through Sir. General Brighton McNaugh
ton Probyn, keeper of the privy purse and
extra equerry to the King, yesterday sent
a message of sympatny to the family of
Sir Henry Irving in which their Majesties
say:
"He will indeed be a great loss to the
profession of which he was such a dis
tinguished member."
Messages of sympathy have also been
received from President Roosavelt, and
Dr. Jules Clarettie on behalf of the
"Coniedie Francals.. \u0084_\u25a0
PANIC CAUSED
BY EARTHQUAKE
Terrific Downpour of Bain
Adds to the Horror of
the Situation at Calabria
REGGIO DI CALABRIA, Calabria, Oct.
15.— Another shock of earthquake lasting
ten seconds occurred this afternoon
throughout Calabria and caused a great
panic The situation was rendered grave
by torrential rains, which undermined
houses, causing some of them to fall.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, Oct. i 15.— Another
earthquake shock was felt here this after
noon. It was stronger than that of Fri
day or .the shock of yesterday.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Oct. 15.— Another
earthquake shock was felt this afternoon,
lasting for nearly a minute. It was op
pressively hot before the shock took
place. . •
ZION CHURCH CELEBRATES
ITS 150 TH ANNIVERSARY
Emperor of Germany Confers Order of
- the Crown Upon Baltimore ,
Pastor. «
BALTIMORE, Oct. 16.— There was
celebrated to-day the one hundred and
fliftieth anniversary of Zion Church,
the mother of all the German Lutheran
churches in Baltimore. Dr. Ira Remsen,
president of Johns Hopkins University,
was one, of the speakers. . \u25a0;
Following the addresses a letter from
the Emperor; of Germany was read,
which accompanied a letter conferring,
In his position of King of Prussia, the
Order of, the Crown upon. Dr. Julius
Haflman, pastor of Zlon Church; a let
ter from the King of Wurtemberg,
which • accompanied ; an * altar. Bible -. sent
by his Royal Highness to the . congre
gation and a letter from the, Prince of
Hesse, regretting that a pulpit Bible
which he is to present could not be
completed in time for the anniversary,
but. promising that it would be for
warded. *
Explosion Wrecks Bakery Shop.
GLASGOW, Mont, Oct. IB.— An explo
sion occurred in the bakery shop, of Ed
ward Euglett here to-day. The shop,
which was a small frame building, was
blown to pieces and the proprietor was
so badly injured that physicians say he
cannot live. As. Euglett is unable to
talk, the cause of the ' explosion can
only. by. conjectured. It is known that
he recently was using ..dynamite for
blasting purposes and It ;is supposed
that he had some of it stored about the
place. .No other person was In the shop
at the time of the explosion." \u25a0 ',t S^Sfci
SEND FOR THEM.
Bring the Home . Folks West While
;'-» . Rates Are . Low.
Tou'v« been thinking about . It a long timej
Don't wait, any longer." Rates are low now
from the Eaat to California, - The Santa Ft
will ' telegraph the '•\u25a0 ticket and see that \u25a0 your
folks get special attention. The conductor will
look-after, them: all the war to California.
*50 from New York. ' '
11331 133 from ; Chicago. .
;$25 from Kansas City. - Low. rates alao from
other \u25a0 places. \u25a0 '\u25a0 Write for them to F. W. Prince,
City Ticket -: Agent. > Santa Fe Railway, • 653
Market - street. . San \u25a0 Francisco. '. > ;; - ... ' • "
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Sigaature of C^la^r7i&2a^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Here^ Is Ig-
that V will '^^^
It is one \ N. Bi^V §1
I strongest \\ \ Iwlmia
J built Knives N\ \" DtlKiAtl
i on the market. NY \ Un 9 Ifl
"\u25a0 The blades* are \ I?/ j> C 3
of the celebrated^^ \ PjVJ 3tl
Damascus steel. The^. \yr«Wn iji
; real knife is about \./ VwUAQ
i one-thinl .larger tnan \ • tMfiJ&f
1 ficcompanylng illustra-N. Ej^eSahJ
j; tion. The farmer or nieAKJ^lr
: chanic could not get a\y^|^r
t better knife. My special |(
i price i 5..:.... SI.OO VA
Mail orders promptly filled. \
I hone and grind all sorts of
i, Cutlery. [
| Razors . boned and ground a *
j specialty. !
r Honing 25c
I THAT MAN PITTS i
i .F. "W. PITTS, The Stationer,
! IOOS Market St.. S«n FrancliMMKyl
We Cure Men for $12,50
Our Beat
jffiKEpEgSa^fc Reference Is
£"X^WL NOT A DOLLAR
IL*^- Si NEED BE PAID
// i^-flf TILL CURED
We core Skin Diseases), Blood Polaoa.
Vnricocele. Stricture. Nenrou* Decline.
Weakness. Piles. Fistula and Diseases
of the Kidneys. Bladder and Prostate.
r Special I)l»ea»e« — Newly contracted
and chronic cases cured. - All burning, itching
and inflammation- stopped in twenty-four hours:
cures effected in seven days. - . \u25a0 •
We make no charge - for a friendly talk or
correspondence. Come to us in the strictest
confidence. We have been exclusively treat-
Ing special diseases of men for years. Nothing
science can devlee or money can buy Is lack-
ing In our office equipment. We will usa you
honeßtly, treat you skillfully and restore ycu
to health In the shortest Urn* with tha least
discomfort and ezDense.-
If you cannot call, write lor symptom
blanks). •»
DR. HOLSMAN & CO.
Hours: 8 to B, 7 to 8:30 p. m. daily; Sunday.
9 to 12.
729 MARKET ST. (Top Floor). S. F.
f Perfect Fitting As&
EYE }Q
GLASSES (f\
$2.50 V*
Broken* Lenses ra- {**
placed 50c
V 642V 642
BggJBBJy Immediately facing the
Stftyar biggest unversity on
H?l»p earth w are offering blsr TK^Qji
BW3F lota, 60x150, at ?275 and up- \fc2ft
PfijJ ward for le^s than $10 a month VjEa
By Cement Sideivalki. 1/?!
HJ3 Graded Streets Free.
HH Electric road to pass tßrough K'A
B8 - the tract : South Palo Alto ab- KSf
\u25a0HH ' solutely matchless in location: 153
IS durability and . certainty- in- j£&
Rjft crease in value. These lots 09
Inm will soon be worth $1000 each JF&&
Mtg£l on their merit alone. Rave JSUSi
Igm a little monthly and'- JF%££
ESntak buy one. Catalog. \u25a0 jf3&gW
E£^jg«W>^ fi-ts .Market St. -jdjfßßgß
fas^3BJEg^Qg|^jP^|n>^»^_ -^ M^aatf^^fg^si^kj#^Fcj?fl
Los Angeles Times
lAJT FRANCISCO OFFXCB
IS NOW IN '
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone ' Main 1472.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative
The Times Is the advertising
medium of the Southwest.
: "._ nt CH % ft TH <i> 1i "li %. aji %Ii
I visit DR* JORDAN'S great^
OF AHATOMYf
7 Or " Tb« Larc«*t A«>*oaleal lima la tht W
4 *•&_-, WorlA. Wt»»rMi« ar m; aoauut*4 A
r <BSfpSfc' «•»!••• fMlllnlrnrailbT tj« aldeat 7
VbS& \ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES V MEN J
\ FflK^S' Cuctalttttoo fr«« and striatly prtr«» \
9 I xS^ffi .Trt»tJ»t«t c«r»n»ll/ er by Utt.r. A A
\ I W t! X J" s "'*" s ****** or»f jMM ualer »i sn. ¥
Ar II Hi WriMkrJ«l,paii.o»«PHttfi
71 j P HAHRMCC, TJiIUO FUI. -I A V
\. & j|' , valuablt book tot ns«a.) : . \
X Dlf. JTOB»A?r At:»..lCslM»rk*t St-.S. V. 9
PILES! PILES!
MAC'S I.VFALLIBLE PILE CURB
CURES ALX, CASES OF . BUNT*.
BLEEDING. ITCHING AND PROTRUD-
ING PILES; cases of many years' stand*
Ing cured by a single !>ox; price. st>
cents. A. McBOTLE & CO.. DRUGGISTa
504 Washington. St. San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62f> HEAESY ST. Kstabllsbfd
In 1534 for the treatment at Trivst^
Diir.«e». liost M»nhood. D#bllltr or
rtl^as" weartngon body »nrt mind and
Skin Diseases. Tlie Doetorcureswhen
others fall." .Try him. rh»rgen low.
<nrc< -rnnrnnteed. Call or wrt •
t>r. J. F- CICBOI.'. Sail Frar-^vft. Cal
A^AITA?«>^VTE_RJ^
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARI
VA I \u25a0LE JO I and * fi APA .
• INapa Valleyßout©
lionticello B. S. 'Co. and Napa Vallay Bl*o-
trio R. X. ' Co. ' Close connections. \u25a0 ' -
\u25a0\u25a0 ' 6^-noi??rD'TnipjrDAiLv— « •
'•\u25a0 Houis leava fian Francisco 7:0O, •»:** ».' m.^
12:E0'D00n..5:13,'6:00. 8:30 p-'m.
'-.-•. Ban Francisco landing and : efflce. PJ« - x
toot of i Mission at.. , one block I south Market-. i_
Ferry. Meals a la carte. Thona Mala X3Q&. \u25a0
•Ludi N»t Ttrd dlnct.
AUCTION SALES
EDWARDS. SPEAR & 10. i
AUCTIONEERS.
31 and 33 Sutter Street. Telephone Main SISI
EX STEAMER ALAMEDA
tX-STEAMER ALAMEDA
$30,000 Worth of Dry Goods
and Merchandise Recovered
From the Wreck of the
STEAMER ALAMEDA
STEAMER ALAMEDA
STEAMER ALAMEDA
By Order of
JOHXSOX <fc UIGGIXS.
Adjusters.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY
MONDAY AND TUESDAY
October 16th aad 17th
October Ittth and 17th
MONDAY and TUESDAY. Oct. 16 and 17. 19C»jL
Ciiinmcnclnjr Each Day at
10 O'Clock A. M.
IN SAI-ESROOMS
The Goods Comprise In Part*
BLANKETS, MUSLINS,
SHEETINGS, HOSIERY,
LADIES* CLOTHING,
CALICOS,
TABLE LINENS,
SILK SKIRTS,
CORSETS, TOWELS,
SATCHELS AND BELTS,
WOOLENS, ETC.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO..
Auctioneer*.
AUCTION SALE
50-HEAD HORSES--5O
All gentle, broke horses, weighing from 1030
to 1400 pounds. Some matcned teams of driv-
ing hordes and some matched teams of wagon
horses, alao single businc?a buggy horses and
stylish saddle horses, also heavy horses for sin-
gle -wagon.
Tuesday Eva.. Oct. 17, '05, Bp.m.
HORSES OX EXHIBITION SUNDAY.
Positively no outside horses taken In this sal*.
WESTERN HOR.SE MARKET.
E. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia Street.
ATTENTION, CATTLEMEN I
AUCTION SALE
From the prl2« winning? Humboldt herd of
registered Shorthorns, property of Messrs. B.
iF. Rush and William pierce, Suisun, CaU,
comprising 50 head of yearlings, two and thre*
' year old bulls and heifers.
Sala takes place at Wlllotta Ranch, Suisun.
Cal..
THURSDAY. OCT. 19. 1005. at 12sOO M. '
Conveyances meet all trains. Lunch will b«
served. For catalogues send to FRED K.
CHASE & CO., 1T32 Market st., San Frandscoi,
Cal. ;
£- AUCTION SALE fc*
WEDNESDAY. OCT. IS, AT 11 A. 3f.
AKCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 Sixth Street.
By order of Paclflc Drayage Company I will
sell all of their ROLLING STOCK, consisting
of 45 good work horses, 1 larg« truck. X single
home truck. 10 large and small wagons, 2
buggies. Sold without limit.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£* ii IHi
At auction next TUESDAY. October 17, I
will sell all the horses, wagons and harness
belonging to J. Tomer; also a lot of other
horses and mares at 1140 Folsom street at
11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOf GH. Auctioneer.
- _^_ OCEAJT JTRA YE jU
c Steamers leava Plan 9
and 11. San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan, Wraagal.
Juceau. Treadwell. Haln«a,
Ekagway. etc.. Alaska— U
a. m.. Oct. 2. 7. 12. W. 22.
ZJ. Nov. l. Chang« to this
company's steamars at 3a-
attla.
For Victoria, Vancoorw.
Part Townaend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana.
cortec. South BelUngham. Belllnghaai— U a.
S. Oct. 2° 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Changt. at
Pekttle ta this company's steamers for Alaaka
and O N Ky.. at Seattle or Tacoma to N. I».
Ry - at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. I:3a
o. oT Oct. 2. 8. I*. 20. 2«. Nov. L Corona.
?-3°p -^L. Oct 3. 11. 17. 23. 29. Nov. 4.
For LoT Angeles (via. Port Los Angela* aad
Redondo)" San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Eanta Row. Sundays^ 9 *• m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Lc» Angeles (via 3aa Pedro aad Eaat
Baa Pedro). Eanta Barbara. Santa Cnu. Mod*
terav San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (Saa
Luis 'Obl«DO). Ventura and Hueneme —
Coo. Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 5. 13. a. 29. Not. «,
B?Slta^9 a. m.. Oct. 1. 9. 17. 23. Nov. X
For Ensenada, Magdalen* Bay. Saa Jam drt
r.hn Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
Ua^Guaymai (Mex.). 10 a, nx. TtH of a*d»
m ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Seaaon 190«— Th*
n»l«tial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANB ,
srtl* lesva Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jua« 7.1
« *July B. ID. August 2- - rW-
For further tnformation obtain folder. Right
is reserved to Changs ateamers or lalßng data*.
•nrKFr OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery st.
iPalace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broadway
wbarveL Freight Office— lo Market st
C D DCNANN. General Paisenger Agent
10 Market at.. San Francises.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
ORIENTAL S. S. CO.-
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an 4
Brmnnan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong. calling at Honolulu. Kotx*.
(Hlogo) Nagasaki and Shanghai, and coa-
nectlng at Hongkong with steamers tor la-
&U.. ate. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
B. 8. "AMERICA MARU~ FRIDAT. Oct. 3T.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. •\u25a0 -
For freight and passag« apply at compaay'a
office, seventh floor. Mrrenanta' Exchanga.
: W. H. AVERT. Genaral Ag»nt
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. IT.» 11a.m.
S.-S.""' VENTURA," for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Nov. 2. 2 p. m.
I.P.SPEICIELS 4 BROICI.ATtI IlCht 0313 'SQ XK-
tei ' fiEigHt cfflK 327 gar&n St. Pier V?iti3z \i
Conipacnle Ceneralc TTansatUißtJaae.
t)IKi.CT LINE TO HAVRE— Part*
tailing «very ThursUar Icstead o; "*.*<?
Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton st. '
Flrst-claw to Havre. ITO and upward. S*«-
ond class to Havre. 9*> and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
PA V ADA -32 Broadway (Hudson bulidlog).
Naw York" J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. l»a.ctn« Coaas
Agents S Montgomery "•»•»«*• Saa Fraactsco.
ttlly Call¥.oo ncr YearOpening of Golden Jubilee of St. Ignatius Church
POPE IMPARTS BENEDICTION
In accordance with the request made us and
begging of the Lord all that is prosperous and
salutary, we, to our beloved sons and their
works, even in the long line of the coming years,
impart our apostolic benediction,
PIUSX.
Given at the Vatican August 28, 1905.
IReltgious Ceremonial
f 6 IHigbl^ Impressive
Hpostollc 35enefcictfon in Mant)voriting of jpope "fls IReafc
\u25ba b$ ff&tber friefcen ant> postlufce of "GGiaQner's
" pilgrim's Cborue " ite places.
Site Holiness Bsfcs tbe Xorb, to (Brant to the 36elov>eb
Sons of tbe faitb an£> Gbeir (Boofc movie Hil
Gbat Us prosperous ant) Salutary.
The Golden Jubilee celebration of St. ;
Ignatius Church and College began yes
terday morning at St. Ignatius Church
with religious ceremonial, to which was
added a profusion of beautiful and ap
propriate deooratlons. The music, under
the direction of Dr. Maurice W. O'Con
uell, was well chosen, which fact was
evident from the beginning of the worship
\u25a0with the procession of Archbishop George
Montgomery, Bishop ODea of Seattle, the
Very Rev. Father Frieden, the Very Rev.
Father Prendergast, V. 0., and other
priests to the triumphant tones of Capoc
ci's "Entree Pontiflcale."
It was all stately from, then on until
the reading of the apostolic benediction,
which came to Father Frieden direct
from the Pope, and In his Holiness' own
handwriting, and the last strains of the
poetlude. for" which Wagners magnifi
cent "Pilgrims' Chorus"' had been chosen
by the organist.
Just prior to the close of the service
the Rev. Father D. Mahoney ascended
gk-.be pulpit and told of the Very Reverend
Father Frieden's Intercession for the
apostolic benediction presented to the
Pope by Father S. Brar.di, S. J., of Rome,
in the following terms:
Most Holy Father:
Father John P. Frieden. S. J.. Superior of
the Mission of California, prostrate at your
Holiness' loci on the haji^y occasion of the
liftUth anniversary of the foundation of the
church and college of St. Ignatius in the city
of San~ Francisco, humbly begs for himself.
f'>r the religious of the mission, and for all
students, friends and benefactors of church
end college, the apostolic benediction.
APOSTOLIC IJEXEDICTIOX.
Hi 3 Holiness' reply was as follows:
In accordance with the request made us
and begprlng of the Lord all that Is prosperous
end h4. urarjv/R'fc, to crjr beloved sons and their
works, *yen- *n the long line of the coming
years, impart our apostolic benedict ion ;
Given at the Vatican August 2s>. l»05.
His Grace, Archbishop Montgomery,
was celebrant of the solemn pontifical
mass; the Rev. Father H. Ayrinhac, S. S.,
deacon, and the Very Reverend Father G.
Cc la iiotte, S. J., sub-deacon; assistant
Iciest, Very Reverend J. Prendergast, V.
G.", master of ceremonies, Rev. Father
H. Cantwell; assistant master of cere
monies. Rev. Father J. J. Laherty. S. J.
The Rev. Father P. J. Cummins deliv
ered the sermon, which dwell upon the
activity of the founders of the Jesuit or
d».r in California and of true vicissitudes
and subsequent triumphs which attended
their labors for the spreaa of snlntual
and educational advancement in the
community.
Father Cummins said in part:
% The labors of the Jesuits in Lower Califor
nia from the year 1683 to llfii. when they j
were txf*-l!ed by order of the Spanish monarchal
were most successful.
Father Kino was the founder of the missions j
in the j.eninsula. He was succeeded by Father j
SaJvatierra, and their labors resulted in the
establishment or a chain of missions extend- ,
ing along the Gulf of California for nearly
one' thousand mile*.
WOIIK OV THE MISSION'S.
On their expulsion the work of the mission!
was taken up by the Franciscan Fathers, who
within a. few yeare extended them into upper
California as far north as the bay of San
Francisco.
The Josuits were eeen no more on the west
ern coast of North America until the days of
Father De £met, who in 1844 arrived at Fort
Vancom-cr. bringing with him several com
panions, among them Fathers Michael Accoltl
and John de Nobili. who five years later began
work In San Francisco.
They were obliged to leave the following
year, and it was only In 1554 that the definite
beginning of a Jesuit foundation was made in
San Francisco.
In that year, on November 1. Father An
thony Maraschl arrived in San Francisco, ac
companied by Fathere Messea and Masnata.
Early the following year, in a little depression
among the Band hill* west of Kearny and
Third 6treets, Father Maraschl began work on |
the first Church of Et. Ignatius, which was i
dedicated July 15 of that came year. Three
months later he opened the doore of St. Igna
tius Ac&dcmy.
This great church and the noble college ad
jclnlng are the outcome of that humble be
ginning.
In 1880, under the direction of Father AJoy
clue Vanl, this magnificent temple was opened'
for the worship of God. and the adjoining !
buildings were taken posseeesion of by priests i
end Btudentf. And here now for twenty-five
years In church and college the fathers of
k'r.e Society of Jesus have been doing work
' r.'orthy cf the best days of their history.
nE.\DEa BEAUTIFUL. MUSIC.
The choir consisted of sixteen male
voices and the musical numDers con-
Isifcted of:
Kyrle, Gloria and Credo by Bernini, and of
fertory. Venl Dulcie Jesu, by Cagliero; the
tanctus by Fauconier. the Benedlctus by Bat
tista.. the Agnus Dei by Bernini. The organ
solos wrre Entree Pontiflcale by Capoccl and
the recessional by Lemaigre, and postlude,
"The Pilgrims' Chorus." 'Wagner.
In the sanctuary *were:
Bishop ODea of Seattle; Very Rev. Father
J. P. Frieden. S. J.; Very Rev. Father J. Grim
melsman. Provincial of Missouri Province;
Rev. Father Le Compte, Superior of the Ca
ra.<llan Mission of the Jesuit Order; Rev.
Father Glea^on. S. J.. rector of Santa Clara j
Skin Diseases
arc cured by
V and
Glycozone
Endorsed bj tht Medical Profession.
By destroying gefras t they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by LeadtDr Druggists.
Ket rcnulue ur.l cm label bears my sicutort :
61 0 Prince Street, N. V.
Write Tor free Information about
rvuriizoik and «i.yco«oafg«
Cbllefe; Rev. Father Thornton, rector of Sa
cred Heart Novitiate. Los Gatos; Rev. . Father
Marra. S. J., representative of the Nev.- Hcx
ico Mission; Rev. Father Ropers. S. J., rector
of St. Louis University, MlesouH; Rev. Father
RockliCfe. 8. J.. Superior of Buffalo Mission;
Rev. Father M. Dowling:. S. J., rector of the
Creighton University, Omaha, Nebr. ;. Rev.
Father Buss of the Saleeian Fathers; Rev.
Father Crowley. Youths' Directory, and Rev.
Father Valentine. Franciscan Fathers.
The musical programme at solemn pon
tifical vespers consisted of the following:
Entree Pontiflcale. by Tombelle; Vesper
Psalm*. Gregorian; Magnificat, by Cagliero.
During the collection Dr. O"Connell played as
an orgrano solo: (a) "Meditation," (b) Tocata
br D'Every; O Salutarus, Gounod; Tantum
Ergo, Rossini; Laudate Dominum, Gregorian;
recessional by Gullmant, and postlude Ros
sini.
This morning Cagliero's solemn requiem
mass will be sung for deceased teachers
and students. -The orgsh numbers will
be: "Marche Funebre et Chante Seraph
ique," by Guilmant, and postlude,
"Marche Funebre," by Chopin.
BIG INTEREST
IN OLD SIGN
Fact That Charles Dickens
Used to Speak of It Has
Turned Attention to It
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON', Oct. 15.— Dickens lovers have
to thank that tireless authority on"'Boz,"
Percy Fitzgerald, for pointing out that a
curious old sign which was an unfailing
object of interest to Dickens as a boy,
and to which he often referred in later
years still hangs in the Blackfriars, road
of London. This sign, which advertises a
long established- hardware firm, is a
typical' example of the queer trade em
blems which from the sixteenth century
distinguished practicably every shop of
any importance in the metropolis, but of
which few specimens now exist. It rep
resents a gold dog apparently licking
something out of an overturned crock or
pot and is generally referred to as "The
Sign of the Dog and the' Pot." Dickens
evidently first discovered It In, as Fitz-
I gerald says, "those heartrending blacking
days in Warren & Co.'s factory, when the
poor lad distracted his cares by noting all
the odd things that met his eye." And
I he quous the novelist as saying, of that
\u25a0 time, "My usual way home— that is to
Lant street, where he had a lodging so as
to be nearer his family in the Marshalsea
prison— was over Blackfriars bridge and
down that turning in the Blackfriars
road which has Rowland Hill's chapel on
one side and the likeness of a golden dog
licking a golden pot over a shop door on
the other."
Fitzgerald adds: "When the little Boz
saw it first it must have been about the
twenties-1523 or 1824-and the dog has
licked on ever since to this year of grace
1905. 1 should say there is no memorial
of this kind at all associated with Boz
that has stood in its place so long and so
undisturbed. I always wonder how It can
have escaped, for some serious, pragmati
cal shopkeeper might have thought it a
i grotesque hindrance to his business."
i: It apepars. however, that the "iron
mongers" who own the sign, far from
being "problematical" are decjdely proud
of it. and perhaps future American vis
itors may find interest in this relic of for-"
mer days which is so closely associated
with Dickens.
According to his friend Theodore Watts-
Diinton, Algernon Swinburne's magnus
; opus as a prose writer is still, to come,
but will appear before many days. "The
story of the inception and progress of
the book" says Watts-Dunton in the cur
rent British Weekly, "is a very interest
ing one and shows, as far as the. mere
conscientiousness of the literary artist
goes, that Mr. Swinburne has never been
surpassed by any writer. .Many years
ago— more than thirty— Mr. Swinburne de
termined to write an exhaustive book
upon the Elizabethan dramatists. Long
before he eet pen to paper upon this sub-
I Ject his knowledge of it was probably
greater than that of any man of his time.
It is doubtful, indeed, whether, interesting
and important as the subject Is, it Is quite I
worth the time and pains which Mr.
Swinburne, whose position is 'so grffet as!
an original writer, has devoted to it. '
"The book has be*n close upon comple
tion for years, and Mr. Swinburne was
only waiting in the hope that Mr. Bullen
.(the London publisher) would complete
his services to students by bringing out
a collection of Rowley's works. Year af
ter year went on and Mr. Bullen has not j
yet seen his way to doing the world this
literary service. Therefore It was net^s- '
sary for the two quarto plays of- Row- I
ley's which Mr. Swinburne had not read,
to be studied in the British . Museum! |
But during this time Mr. Swinburne had !
come to share Carlyle's dislike of reading I
in the British Museum, and his friends |
could neither persuade him to go and
read Rowley's uncollected quartos jior
yet persuade him to leave these plays
untouched and to give the world his
study of Rowley as far he he knew him.
"At last, however, he was persuaded by
a friend to go to the British Museum.
The result was that they went and he
who had never been seen In the museum
for a quarter of a century was seen there
again 'bending over. Rowley's 'quartos and
making extracts. The interesting feature
connected with this story is that a writer
allowed a mass of work, to which- he
had given a considerable portion of. his
life, to remain scattered and lost 'in
magazines for the sake of about ten
pages. This shows two things: An amaz-
THE SAN FRANGISGQ^ CALL/. -MQNDAY/; OCTOBER 10, -1905.
IMPRESSIVE AND IMPOSING SCENE AT ST. IGNATIUS \u25a0 CHUKCH DURING THE CELEBRATION OF GOLDEN JUBILEE SERVICES YESTERDAY: THE PRESIDENT OF ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH AND CQl*
f LEGE. AND THE PRIEST UNDER WHOSE DIRECTION THE PRESENT TEMPLE OF EDUCATION AND WORSHIP WAS ERECTED TWENTY-FIVE YEARS • AGO.
ing strength of the artistic conscience
and an amazing faith that time would al
low him to take nearly forty years over
a book. It is almost as . remarkable as
the fact that Goethe completed his Faust
in his eightieth year."
"Zola is a drug on the market— his
books do not sell at all now." This state
ment would have been somewhat sur
prising if made by an American or Eng
lish book-seller, but It came as rather a
shock from the head of one of the-big
gest "libraries" " in Paris. And .he went
on: "Bourget's popularity is not what.it
was. Anatole France and Pierre Loti are
always in demand, especially, the latter,
but It is now two : comparatively,; new
women writers who command the-larg
est public— Miriam Harry and Marcelle
Tlnayre." These are the authors, re
spectively, of "The Conquest of Jerusa
lem" and "The House of Sin," both ; of
which were really remarkable works.
"Flaubert," the book-seller went on, "is
as much, perhaps more, read than ever.
Of foreign authors • translated into
French, H. G. Wells is easily the most
popular."
The Paris Matin Is trying to locate a
man from whom it received, a truly
astonishing proposition the ©"ther. day,
with the object of dissuading him from
committing suicide. If 6ucceessful the
newspaper should add him to its staff,
for evidently he has the, true; journal
istic instinct — be he hero, as would ap
pear, or faker, as is half suspected. In
his communication to the Matin, which
was signed A. B, A., with a postofflce
address, the writer expressed his inten
tion of committing suicide; and offered
before he did so to write a series of
articles describing the state of mind
of a man .who intends to' take his own
life. The last article, he says, he will
call "To-Morrow !\u25a0 Shall' Die," and when
it is written he will kill himself. The
first article will describe his state of
mind when he returned home one even
ing and found .that his wife had left
him and taken their" child. Another
will describe his ' search, another will
generalize on "Woman," her Love and
Hate." The fifth will describe the
choice of ways of committing \u25a0 suicide
and the sixth the" preparations. .He
asks the Matin to invest the sum it
would pay for, the .'articles andlet> it
accumulate until his son is 21 years old.
"If you will agree tq^this," he con
cludes. "I shall have done at least one
good thing in taking my life"
LONDONERS IJOXOT WAST.
«aUICK-liUNCHI' KESTAURANTS
LONDON. Oct. *. 15.— The American
quick lunch restaurant founded in Lon
don has had very badluck. Itsfcackers
are now" mourning the loss:of J much
more than $50,000. The official receiver
says plaintively:
\u25a0;'"lt- seemed never -to 1 have made ;an
impression on the ' public';Misurtder
standln k .' in • the popular . mind
against the success of the quick lunch
from theVstartr*' V \u25a0 , : . ' - '
"People thought that^the; food .had to
be bolted in 'order^to ; play th<i; game
properly. -They .V- believed . the \ meal
would; •be a failure unless* rushed
through at lightning? "Bpeed,- and,',: as
Londoners ; d ld' . ; not J* want * ; ' to v become
dyspeptics, J they, I stayed away. >:; ' ; As : ; a
matter .-'of: fact, < theX term • quick ; lunch
referred only ;to , the service, which
was smart enough." . :
FOUND UNCLAD
ON FREIGHT CAR
New York Clubman's Eiiason
Lapses Temporarily and
- He Does Strange Things
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YONKERS. N. V.. Oct. 15.— Dr. Arthur
St. Clair Knudson, a prominent member
of the City, Harvard and "Seawanhaka
Yacht clubs of New York, was found on
top of a freight car here this morning,
unclad and so dazed that he .did not know
where he was. He was turned over; to
the police and was hurried to the St.
Joseph's Hospital,/ where he. soon revived
under treatment.
Dr. Knudson's story_ was very disjoint
ed, but from various fragments it was
learned that last night •he dined at the
City Club with some friends. Leaving
there he walked up' Broadway, when a
feeling , of extreme : fear overtook him. He
took a cab and rode to One Hundred and
Fifty-fifth street, where," he says, he took
a train for Highbridge.; There ;he took
to the -road and ran. Feeling, that his
clothing was oppressing him and holding
him' back, he says, he removed -it and
started ;' to climb over.,- a freight train.
Tkat'was the last he: rememberedy until
he"i was revived : at ; the hospital.^ ; -
It* was learned .here : that Dr.'- Kfludson
is :a" very ; wealthy, man and has but re
cently returned from Japan/ His ; friends
denied that Dr. Knudson was addicted- to
the ,u3e of any drugs, but Dr. Benedict,
the police surgeon,* gave it as his opinion
that the young- man; was -a, chloral: user.
He'ls about 30 years of age and single.
Dr. Knudson had not fully recovered
from his" experience when \u25a0 he , was : taken
away ( to-night. '. *He .'was : not ; Injured in
any,'. way and ; apparently had ; su fferedf ered •no
HI effects from his? spectacular ride in
the early morning^^
ARJIY MAN FROM \u25a0 CALIFORNIA
IS WEDDED AT PHILADELPHIA
Captain James B.' Hughes of the Fourth
V? /United, State* Xavalry u!\o w *
- . -X '\u25a0 .a* Benedict.
PHILADE LPH I A; •;; Pa. ," r Oct. • \ lS.^-The
marriage of Miss Florence' Belle Naylor/
; daughter : of , .\u25a0/ Mr. ; * ; and ;- Mrs.-; John ' S.
Naylorsof Chestnut "Hill, and; Captain
James B.; Hughes,' : of i the" Fourth'United
States Cavalry], of 'Monterey;«Cal.; took
place,"/ yesterday, J . at rl2r 12 = o'clock,;" at -. the
bride's residence, 201 Chestnut avenue.
Chestnut ; Hill. " The • Rev. Dr^'Albert of
.Germantown, Pa., .performed ; the ' cere- ;
niony. \u25a0.'.\u25a0'-\u25a0•.•\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0'.'\u25a0'.'-. I-'-S^^HHIBS
iV The. bride,, who .was given' away . by.
her.^father, VwasTattendedby Miss Mabel
Kelsey,of Chestnut Hill ; and Miss : Helen
! Gray." of ', Germantown,** as '\u25a0'. br idesmaids.
| Captain "Jackson? of .'.the; Tenth -United
Stated Cavalry attended .the bridegroom:
»as best I man/: > There kwere : no : ; ushers. :
\- A i small j reception' followed ;the' cere-'
mony.'iafter which' the bride and,bride
groom S left :, for s the 7 ; Philippine
jwhere ; Hughes is ; stationed. "?. ; "
NEW FOUND LAND
WILL BE DEFIED
American Fishermen Plan to
Ignore Recent .Order Dis
criminating Against Them
GLOUCESTER, Mass.. Oct. 15. — As a
result ;of the. policy recently adopted
by the Newfoundland .Government to
restrict "American fishing rights on the
coast -of Newfoundland. Congressman
Augustus P. Gardner and Benjamin A.
: Smith; the latter one of the largest
vessel owners in the city, left for
\u25a0Washington to discuss the situation
with : Secretary of State; Root. Orig
• ihally it was decided that the Collcc
; tor of the Port, William H. Jordan,' and
a -committee from the Board: of Trade
should \u25a0> accompany Congressmap Gard
ner and^Smith, - but- this \- plan ; was
abandoned,. inasmuch as it was felt
.that -Gardner and.; Smith were ' fully
qualified ;to deal' .with the situation. .
The object of the trip to Washing
ton is to obtain from the head of . the
State' Department- an interpretation .of
the <treaty of ,1818 by which American
fishermen were guaranteed certain
nshing rights '"on the Newfoundland
i coast. A. similar trip to Washington
wasmade last spring, but thus far no
Interpretation of the .treaty has been
made : by the. Department of State.
-At the: conference,- which probably
will be held to-morrow, Congrpssman
Gardner and; Smith' will ask Secretary
Root for an immediate interpretation. "
The: vessel owners of this ;pbrt say
they, are prepared to make a test .case
of the matter If any Gloucester ""ves T
sels are interfered with by the cruiser
Fiona. • .
,',The . Newfoundland Government
claims . fishermen are
shipped at 1 Gloucester and in order,
that- this Cause iof: complaint . may : be
eliminated .'the <Dauntless,
Captain Charles IT. ; Young, will'sail
from this port to-morrow witft a crew
of -twenty- four men. J all of whom were
shipped ' hero = and f. none- of _; whom- be-:
long tb;Newfoundland.. Captain *Young
believes :that 'he cannot be interfered*
.with by; the. Newfoundland authorities
and he: is planning to. sell: his catch. of
herring: to other .Gloucester, fishermen
who". will.' tiring Jit- to this port. '
Acquire*! Xe»r Theater.
KANSAS-CITY. Mo*., Oct. 15.— Hollls
-E.^Cobley/; general -manager ;of the^Gus
Hill enterprises^'of \u25a0 New "York City,, who
is : here,' ; closed 'a ideal; yesterday for the
Majestic .Theater "of :. this"; city. This
makes /the 1 -/thirty"- fifth*/ theater in;: the
United States l'and .'Canada'" under! 'the
control (of ,;:The 'Wheel.", the; Columbia
Amusement /Company- and the' Eastern
circuit/^*;';; ." V,. ~ '\u25a0. . ..
"\u25a0 True . spirituality .is /the. ability.' to see
the; altar." in '/the wash tub and the cook
stove. . " -. .
LONDONERS FIND
HOUSE OF MIRTH
Mark With Memorial Tablet
Old, Plain Brick Home in
Which Sydney Smith Lived
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Oct. 15.— Onec a week, behind
the closed shutters of a severely plain
brick house, which the London County
Council has just marked with a memorial
tablet, was probably heard more merry
laughter than In any, other residence; in
the whole city. Those were the days
when Sydney Smith lived at the house in
question, 14 Doughty street, and \u25a0 gave
a \u25a0 weekly supper party there to his
friends, as had been his custom in Edin
burgh.
Yet those early days in Doughty, street
were, according to his daughter, a time
of "considerable anxiety and a severe and
courageous struggle against poverty." It
was in 1803 that the famous wit and
author took up his residence there, but
two years elapsed before he could obtain
any appointment as a preacher. To keep
the -family pot boiling and maintain the
merry'supper parties during that period
Mrs. Smith sacrificed some valuable
pearls which had been bequeathed to her,
selling them for : $2500.
Through the influence of Sir Thomas
Bernard, Smith obtained in March, 1806,
the post of alternate evening preacher
at the Foundling Hospital. The stipend
wa3 only $250, per annum, but he soon
managed to earn as much more by
preaching on alternate Sunday mornings
at Berkeley "Chapel and at Fitzroy
Chapel.
The turning point in nis fortunes came
with his appointment to deliver a course
of lectures at the Royal Institution. \u25a0He
was paid J250 for the series. Their suc
cess brought: nim an' Invitation to con
tinue lecturing, and s for the second set
ho received $600.
In 1S06" he had* attained to such pros
perity that he felt justified in removing
to < a "bigger house on Orchard street
which ..; has !\u25a0 since . been destroyed. The
Doughty-street house Is now a boarding
house like most of the houses in the
Bloomsbury
Once,* when speaking of his own strug
gles against poverty; he remarked, "The
observances o£ the church concerning
feasts and fasts are tolerably well kept
;upon the: whole, .since the rich keep the
f easts and the" poor.' the, fasts.!*
"Thewhole^of .my life." he observed
on another^ occasion, "has passed • like
a razor— in hot .water, or. a' scrape."
In. his . old] age, ; when people inquired
after, his" health he frequently answered,
"I am tolerably, well, but intolerably
old."
!"You; must. take' a walk- on, an empty,
stomach." : said this, medical , man to him
once. "Whose?*,* was his
r Some people are never grateful until
they; get hungry.
GERMANS MITST PAT MORE
FOR CHERISHED LUXURIES
Beer and Cigars "Will B« Taxed to
Provide Funds for Greater
Nary.
BERLIN, Oct. 13.— Germaaa are
threatened with an extra duty on their
two most cherished luxuries, their cigar
and their glass of beer. Baron yon
Stengel, the Imperial Minister of Fin
ance, says the exchequer is in a de
plorable condition and must be re
plenished at all coats.
Baron yon Stengel's greatest trouble
is how best to stop the mouth of the
admiralty with German gifts. The
Kaiser and his admirals are crying for
more ships, more big ships, and Insist
ing that these be'built at an accelerated
pace.
"Why cannot we build as fast as the
Americans," he asked Admiral Tlrpltz
the other day.
So Yon Stengel, driven from his last
refuge, has decided to tax cigars and
beer. He hopes to raise an extra 10.
000,000 sterling each year, about half
of which will go to shipbuilding.
Gale Delays Pretoria.
DOVER, England, Oct. 15.' — The Ham
burg-American Line steamihis Pre
toria, from Hamburg for Now York,
sailed at 10:45 p. m. The arrival of
tbe vessel here was delayed nine hour.3
owing to a furious gale in the channel.
It's no trouble finding short cuts to no
end of trouble. • \u25a0
FURNITURE
We unquestionably
have the largest
furniture Dis p 1 a y
on this Coast. It
abounds in novel-
' ties and is correct
in 'styles. Our prices
m are . reasonable and
consistent with
. quality. .;'::} :: ::
4 SLOANE'S
114-122 Post Street.
\A/. TT.. HESS.
Votary I'kMli* and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckel* bids.
BBKr Telephone Main 953. «\u25a0
Residence. ISO 2 McAllister »t
-Residence Telephone Pa*« MO,
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
SHARPERS VICTIMIZE
A FILIPINO STUDENT
Unpleasant End of
Gay Time in San
Francisco
Crooks Evade Trap
Set by Berkeley
Police.
BERKELEY, Oct. 15. — Frank Ramos,
a member of the Filipino student con
tingent, in the university town, resid
ing at 1944 Berkeley way. Informed,
the police to-day through his guardian, j
F. Legardo. that systematic attempts i
were being made by San Francisco
crooks to bleed him of money, alleged
to be due them as debts contracted
by Ramos in a gambling game in the
city. The crooks already have Be- •
oured from the Filipino lad his month- i
ly allowance of $75, and besides this |
money were in possession until this
afternoon of the lad' 6 diamond pin, his
gold watch and a promise on his part
to pay them $50.
The police were called in this aft
ernoon by Legardo, the Filipino's guar
dian, to assist in capturing and pun
ishing the men who were hounding the
Filipino student and attempting to ex
tort money from him. A trap was set
by Marshal Vollmer's men and Le
gardo to catch the crooks from San
Francisco, but the men scented the
game and the man most wanted es- *
taped. '
Ramos, a few days ago, Informed his
guardian, Mr. Legardo. that he had en
gaged in a pool game at the Belve
dere's annex on OFarrell street in the,
city and there persuaded to gamble
on the game. He won $195. Then he
lost that money and his allowance of
$75 in addition. The s/.rangers wfio
got his money had befuddled him with
drink' and after getting his coin led
him on until the Filipino lad owed
them $50. They demanded security for
ihis debt and took his diamond pin and
gold watch.
At Intervals since then the man who
was most urgent in asking for the
money from the boy and who gave his
name as Stanley and represented him
self to be the head of the clothing
department of the Emporium, came to
.Berkeley, demanding payment. ,
The boy was in great distress and
promised to get the money from Le
gardo, and to him related the circum
stances. Legardo set the trap for the
strangers, convinced that they were
crooks, ajid got Deputies Moran and
Farrar to co-operate with him this aft
ernoon, when the men were to come
over and get <the money.
Legardo lives at 1924 Oxford street.
He had Ramos detain the strangers
there when they arrived while he has
tened to the marshal's office and se
cured assistance. The suspicions of
the visitors were aroused and when
the officers returned the men had dis
appeared.
Search was made and one of the duo
was found, but no,t the man who had
cheated Ramos, as alleged. The
stranger was taken to Marshal Voll
mer'S office, where he denied any com
plicity in the affair. He did produce
Ramos' watch, however, and said his
name was Donovan, but as no charge
rould be made against him he was per
mitted to go.
Ramos' guardian will make every ef
fort to apprehend the men who fleeced
his charge, convinced that they are
crooks and deserving of a term be
hind the bars.
SUBSCRIBE LARGE SUM.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15. — Following are
the subscribers to the Bankers' Trust
Company, organized here with a capi
tal stock of $300,000, all of which has
been subscribed: W. \V. Garthwaite,
$35,000; Requa & Garthwaite, as trus
tees, $30,000; J. Y. Eccleston, $40,000;
J. P. Edoff,. $45,000; Henry Rogers,
$2500; Thomas Prather< $15,000; Edson
F. Adams, $3000; Lewis Tasheira. $5000;
J. K. Moffitt, $10,000; Archibald Bor
land. $10,000; Mark L. Requa, $5000;
Charles E. Palmer. $2500; John S. Drum,
$5000; "William P. Dunning. $2500; A. H.
Breed, $5000; Arthur A. Smith, $5000;
Horace Davis, $5000; H. G. Chappel,
$2500; Richard B. Ayer, $5000; Fred El
sey, $5000; A. N. Brown, $5000; E. C.
Burr,. s2ooo; Edward Booth, $1500; Mat
tie P. Selby, $5000; Annie A. Barton,
$1000; Arthur G. Towne. $500; Ellen H.
Chabot. $5000; Elizabeth R. Gellette,
$500; Samuel Breck, $2500; Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company, $5000; Emily
M. Vrooman. $1500; Edith K. Davis.
$500; Elizabeth Hitchcock, $500: James
Moffitt, $5000; Romola B. Wood. $4000;
Charles R. Bishop, $500; Thomas An
derson, $500; Arthur G. Tasheira, $5500;
j. T\*. Garthwaite, $3000; W. Gregg Jr.,
$1500; Sylvia O. Cudworth. $1500.
MRS. ARMES AT REST.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15.— The funeral of
Mr*. Farah W. Armes. the widow of
the late George . W. Armes, a former
pioneer resident of this city and the
mothfer of Professor William Dallam
Armet of the University of California,
was held at 3 o'clock this afternoon
from the family residence, 1116 West
fetreet; 1 The services were conducted
by the Rev. E. E. Baker, pastor of the
Flfit -Pfeßbyterian Church, and the
Rev. Charlr-fi EL Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational Church.
The funeral was attended by many
of the friends of the deceased, and the
casket was hidden by the large num
ber of floral pieces, sent In loving re
membrance by those who had known
Mrs. . 'Armes during her long residence
in Oakland. At the close of the serv"
Ices the remains were interred in
Mountain View Cemetery.
L.AVIXG. NEW CONDUITS.
OAKLAXD, Oct. 15.— The Oakland
Gas, Laght and Heat Company has be
gun to construct sub-surface conduits
to carry its light wir^-s underground
in accordance with the provisions of
a recently enacted ordinance. The first
work has fc'een done .on San Pablo ave
nue from Fourteenth to Twentieth
streets. John A. Britton, president of
the company, has notified Mayor M"ott
that the work will be prosecuted un
til all of th« territory that the ordi
nance prescribes has been covered.
PASTOR STOMS TO LEAVE.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15. — The Rev. R. C.
Stone, for seven years pastor of Cen
tennial Presbyterian Church, is obliged
because of ill health to seek a new
lield of labor and change of climate.
During his pastorate Centennial Church
was rel eased from a heavy mortgage.
The congregation at a recent meeting
presented Rev. Stone with a substantial
STlft.
BURGUAR STEALS MONEY.— Oakland.
Oft. 15.— A burglar broke into the Remiilard
Brick Company's Mah'r«, Second and Clay
\u25a0fens, lai-t night and stole f55.
OPENING OF
BAZAAR FOR
PARISH HOUSE
BY ZOE GREE.V RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15. — Before two moons have
waxed and wan«d Christmas will be upon us
and alreafly thrifty ones have begun the mak
ing of gifts destined for the Inevitable tree or
stocking. There are many, however, who, for
want nt time or talent, must purchase thesa
little remembrances, and for Such as theee is
the bazaar, where everything, from a micro
people lace mouchoir to handpainted sofa cush
ions, is there for your choice — and your money.
Hut how willingly we allow the dollars to be
tempted out of our very deepest pockets when
it is to help out a good cause. Even extrava
gance at such times brings a glow of satis
faction. • . . .
The bazaar for the benefit of St. Mary's
building fund, for which the ladies of the par
ish have been co industriously preparing. Opens
to-morrow night at Maple Hall and indica
tions are that it will be one of the most suc
cessful affairs of the kind ever given In Oak
land. Unusual interest nas been evinced by
the people of Oakland generally In the various
preparatory events that nave already taken
place to augment the building fund, the re
cent concert at the Macdonough especially be
ing a brilliant social as well as financial suc
cess. The bazaar will be held in Maple Hall,
ar.d besides the many bootns where dainty ar
iici« of every description will be sold there
is to be a dramatic and musical programme
every evening. Each booth will take turn
about In providing amusement and there is
considerable friendly rivalry between the dif
ferent ones in charge to make their particular
evening "at home" the most successful. To
morrow evening will be a general reception
and formal opening of the fair, but on Tues
day Mrs. Thomas McNamara and the other la
dies at the Altar Society booth will be presid
ing geniuses. The programme on that occasion
will include selections by St. Marys orchestra,
recitations by George Clark and songs by Miss
Andrews. The various booths will be In charge
of. Mrs. McNamara. Mrs. J. T. Glen. Mrs. O.
D. Hamlin, Miss Berenice Macdonald, Mr*.
Thomas Hogan, Miss Mary Murphy. Mrs. A. J.
Vesmer and Miss Pequinney. Among other la
dies Interested are Mrs. J. T. Moran. Mrs
Paul Lohse. Mre. Eugene Cushing, Mrs. Charles
O'Connor. Mrs. J. J. McCarthy. Mrs. Bivcns,
Mrs. W. J. Barrett. Miss Mary Moran and Mre.
Laura Bass«tt.
Mrs Rees Thompson will throw open her
horn* next Wednesday for a "birthday tea" for
the benefit of the Toung W omen s Christian
Association. Each guest Is ««PP™*<J I«
In a little silk bag that will be provided a*
many pennies as he or she has had birthdays.
Ifg astonishing how many people there are
who have lived to be over a hundred— lf one
rr.ay believo the little copper tell-tales of pre
vious like occasions.
Next Wednesday's reception committee win
include Mrs. J. T. Engs. Mre. Biles Miss
Pauline Collins. Mre. D. W. C. Gaskill, Mrs. E.
C. Hager Miss Louise Hager. Mrs. C W-Kel
logg, Ml*"s Ada Morse. Mrs. Vance, Miss Aphia
Vance. Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain. Mrs. V». A.
Shrock, Mrs. William Kirk. Mrs. E. M. Hlnkel.
Mrs. John A. Beckwith and Miss Imogene Haw
ley.
Mre. E. T. Henshaw has sent out cards for a
large reception, to take place October 25 at the
Henshaw home on Moss avenue.
Those who beard Asa V. Mendenhall. the
well known attorney and campaign orator, mut
tering to himself, "What shall we do with our
boysf* us he wandered abont town yesterday
will be relieved to know that his mental aberra
tion was only temporary. The stork was to
blame. The long legged bird got lost on Harri
son street early yesterday morning and now
the Mendenhalls are rejoicing over a fine baby
boy that gives promise of his mother a beauty
ar.d his father's flow of language. _,-
ALAMEDA. Oct. 15.— Plana are being per :
ferted by the ladies of St. Joseph's parish for
a benefit for the church, to be given at ie
LibVrty Playhouse in Oakland on the evening
of November I*. Mrs. Joseph Durney has
been chosen chairman of the general commit
tee that has the arrangements in hand, and
t^l foUowlng have been selected at patron
esses of the affair, which will take the form
of a theater party: Mrs. Foster Mrs. George
RosEiter, Mrs Pocock. Mrs. O'Connor, Mrs.
MaVlln, Mrfc Smith. Mrs. Tobin Mrs. Derby.
Mrs. Mallon. Mrs. John Rossiter. Mrs. Mc-
Carthy Mn Bartlett. Mrs. Buckley, Mrs.
PetteV: Mrs/ St. Sure, Mrs. G. E. Co^ln,
Mrs. Toung. Mrs. Carpentler. Mrs. Halton,
Mrs. de Bernard!. Mrs. Tompkinson, Mrs Mc-
Ellin, Mrs. Bussenius. Mrs. Robinson. Mrs.
Langhorns! Mrs. Kelley. Mrs. Oneil. Mrs.
Cramer Mrs. King. Mrs. Barry. Mri. Hut-
Ton. Miss Kane. Miss Halton. Miss Gallagher.
Miss Scholten. Miss Creedon. Miss Maguire,
Miss Rich. Miss Jansen, Mis MUi
Jollymour, Miss Doyle, Mrs. Meysel, Mrs. de
Lorine .
CHARITIES *IXDORSED.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15. — The Charities
Indorsement Committee of this city,,con
sisting of H. C. Capwell, chairman; D.
C. Brown and A. Jonas, has decided to
send application blanks to these insti
tutions: West Oakland Home, the As
sociated Charities, Boys' Retreat, the
Oakland New Century Club and the
Beth-Adriel Rescue Home of San Jose.
Each Institution was indorsed for one
year and commended to the good favor
of the charitably inclined.
The object of the commitee is to
differentiate *between worthy and un
worthy charitable Institutions for the
benefit of merchants and others who
are called upon frequently to con
tribute. The commitee represents the
Oakland Board of Trade, the Merchants'
Exchange, the Associated Charities and
citizens generally.
The commitee decided to assist in
every way possible the Indorsement
plan of the San Francisco commitee.
NEWS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
UTOPIANS TO GIVE BAI.L. — Oakland, Oct.
15. — The younsrer Hebrew eocial set In this
city are looking forward with much lnterobt
to the Utopian Clubman ball that is to bf
given. Tuesday evening- at Maple Hall. It is
to be a strictly invitational affair.
WOMAN'S SUDDEN DEATH.— Oakland.
Oct. 15.— Mrs. Ann Brawley. CO years old,
died euddenly at noon to-day at her residence.
402 Thirty-eighth street. John Brawley, her
hueband,- found her groaning in a. barn at the
place at 5 o'clock this morning, where the wlf«
had gone to milk a cow.
STRANGELY POISONED.— OakIand, . Oct.
15. — Edward Winslow, a civil war veteran,
residing at Napa, went to the Receiving Hos
pital to-day for treatment of his hands, which
have been poisoned myoteriouply depriving him
of their use. Neither Winslow nor the hospit.il
attendants could explain the cause of th»
trouble.
BOOTH TO SPEAK.— Oakland. Oct. 15.—In
structor Booth of the chemistry department at
the University of California is to deliver an
addrese Monday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock in
Chabot Observatory before the Women's Civic
Improvement Club. His theme will be- "Civic
Work in Other Lands."
CARRIES SLUNGSHOT.— OakIand, Oct.
15. — Russell Lamp, a teamster, was arrested
this morning on a charge of battery, the com
plainant being William Keln. who said Lamp
struck him while they were in an argument at
the Oakland Cream Depot, Telegraph avenue
and Eighteenth street. When Lamp was
searched at the City Prison a elungsbot was
found on him. so an addditional charge of car
rying a concealed weapon was registered
against him.
EXPRESS TO HVERMORE. — Haywards,
Oct. 15. — Arrangements are .-being perfected to
have an express wagon route established be
tween this town and Llvermore. Light wag
ons, suitable for hauling butter, eggs and
poultry are to be used. TTiese will leave Llv
ermore rarh night at 10:50. arriving in Hay
wards at 2:30 the next" morning, when the
merchandise will be shifted to wagons bf local
express companies which arrive in San Fran
cisco and Oakland before 6 o'clock.
Knr-Sijj;Mted Japnneae.
So thoroughly have the. Japanese in
doctrinated themselves with the teach
ings of navdl strategists that nothing will
induce them to forego the maritime • as
cendancy which • Admiral - Togo estab
lished in one venturesome battle. • .They
mean to render It impossible for Russia
to attack them at sea except from, so
distant a base-that the assailants will be
half beaten before they have fired a shot.
—The Guardian- * •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.- MONDAY- OCTOBER; 16, 1905:
STUDENTS GET
"GOLD BRICK"
Wail Froiii Editor of the
Occident as Result of
Shrewd Business Scheme
FRICTION ON CAMPUS
Rally Committee Fears Its
. Attempt to Get Coin Is
to Prove a Flat Failure
BERKELEY, Oct. 15.— There is talk of
a "gold brick" which students have got i
as the result of friction at the State
University between the rally committee
and the managers of the various under
graduate publications'. It has arisen over
certain advertising privileges granted by
the latter for the purpose of supplying
to the committee funds for conducting
the football billies this ierm. The sit
uation is a novel one in the history of
student affairs, ,&nd neither one of the
contesting parties seems to be able to sug
gest an amicable settlement.
The trouble started some time ago,
when Joseph S. Koford, chairman of the
rally committee, approached the' man
agers and requested their .financial as
sistance. At first the latter did not fall
in with the ide.i, but later the committee
got a promise from the managers that
they would be allowed twenty-five dol
lars' worth of advertising space in the
various papers on condition that they
themselves would secure the ads. For
some time everything went well; the ad
vertisements began to come in and all
looked bright and rosy.
Last week in a conversation with the
managers concerning the final settlement
Koford was surprised to learn that the
rally committee was not to secure the
entire proceeds from, its work, but only
ihe 20 per cent commission allowed all
student solicitors. The students gajned
this impression of the status of the af
fair from an editorial 1 Chat appeared in
the last edition of the Occident, the col
lege weekly, of which Koford Is the ed
itor.
The editorial lealing with the subject
appears under the caption "Managerial
Tightness." The article severely arraigns
the managers for their parsimony and
bitterly attacks them for their harsh
treatment and lack of college spirit.- In
conclusion the elitorlal states:
•me limitations placed by the ' nianarcra In
connection with 'be securing of advertise
ments made the rally committee think that
it had gotten a gi Id brick. Nevertheless the
committee prepared to try Its best, realizing
that the money it spent was ; spent in a very
good cause. Mori over, the committee con
sidered that It hail achieved a great . victory,
because the consent .of the manager*, eucn
a 6 they ihad. was not obtained without con
siderable coaxing, begging, cajoling, etc. But,
wonder of wonder*, no sooner had the-com
mittee finished charting hands with Itself over
this diplomatic vii tory. whan— the managers
••got together." Vf ill. the result waa that the'
members of the cfmmlttee were offered" jtood
steady employment on the staffs of the papers
at what was cons dered a good commission.
Thus it ended.
Now. it seems to us that those managers
who persistently b lcked this little enterprise
lost a very good chance to do the students of
tnlsninlverslty a •.•ery'-.gopd jtuvn. and that,
too, without any freat inconvenience and no
expense. to themselves or papers.
BOOKS SOUGHT FOR.
IN BRITISH MUSEUM
Students Crowd Its Reading Rooms
and Investigate Various
S objects.
In the readinp-room of the British
Museum the dertks are crowded with
students all day long, and in addition to
the books of reference, some 20,000 in
number, which fill the open shelves of
the room, from 3000 to 4000 volumes
are given out every day. Theology in a
wide sense, including the Bible, biblical
literature, church history and works on
the religious rites and ceremonies of all
races and creeds, is easily at the head
of the list, with about 300 volumes.
Topography comes next, with about
twenty fewer, and of these books on
London amount to a quarter, books on
English topography to another quarter,
the other half being for the rest of the
world. History and biography tome
next, English history being mostly in
demand, and books on France and
the French provinces second.
Essays, criticisms and miscellaneous
literature take the fourth place and are
followed by fiction — not less than five
years old — moral philosophy, poetry and
the fine arts, the drama, law and phi
lology, political economy and so on
down to politics, mathematics and
chemistry, which have about forty vol
umes apiece, and lastly works on naval
and military subjects, which seldom
have more than three or four volumes
each. It is a curious list and throwsa
useful light on the sort of studies taken
up by the' readers in the museum.—
London Globe. .
Tonics as Traps at Table.
This Is the time of year, when dinner
guests are struggling with the huge sil
ver tongs, : invented to lift asparagus
stalks from the serving dish to one's
plate. Those asparagus tongs are one of
the traps that lay in wait for the moderns
at table where one is never sure which
of the many curious forks one must use
for this gr that course. Such Inventions
by the silversmith were never so numer
ous as the spring. It is common* for the
giver of a wedding' present to have, to
explain "what this thing is for" to the
recipient. Some of the newest table trap
pings. Include an oyster fork that enables
the qualmish to cut a large oyster In half;
a new fish knife | with a place for the
bones in the handle (it used to be the
worst possible "form" to use a knife for
fish!); an entree spoon and fork com
bined, for dishes like lobster a la New
burg; and complicated looking pairs of
thimbles that you slip over the thumb and
forefinger to hold the leg of a bird. There
is only one merit in such things; they
"make table talk,"- for even a sophisticat
ed man is likely to be confronted by. some
contraption that absolutely will compel
him to seek Information from his hostess.
—New York Prers. .
An Admiral Without a Cabin.
The Russian admiral who lost his life
in the recent naval battle was one of the
biggest officers In the ,navy. Folkersahm
the Great was the name by, which he was
known In the marine. .But, for all that,
he was one of the Jblliest of men, and
appreciated notfcing«aa well as a- good
joke.' Some years ago he was nominated
to the command of a torpedo-boat; at
Cronstadt. but, j to his consternation, it
was found that the burly officer could not
possibly descend to the { cabin,, as \u25a0-. the
aperture was to 6 email to allow his : great
bulk to pass through.. .The matter'- was
communicated to the* admiralty, but for
some time they refused to regard it in
any other light ; than a.. Joke, and poor
Folkersahm was; thus forced to' pass his
nights on the deck as. best Tie could.- Ad
miral* Folkersahm was i a typical Russian
as far. as appearance went, . but.'he' did
not allow the attitude that his nation has
adopted toward this L country to; influence
his preference. for ; everything English. He
was • a > profound; admirer I of
genius, and used to declare that \u25a0 "Van
ity Fair" was the , finest book in the
world.— M. ! A. P : .:.y,*?>\u25a0,.'..:•'.'.:.:.:-/.'."•\u25a0.'. :.y,*?> \u25a0,.'..:•' .' .:.:.:- /.'."•\u25a0 .' "."'
PELICAN FLAPS
WINGS WITH JOY
Humorous Periodical at Uni
versity Makes First Ap
pearance on the Campus
HITS AT INSTRUCTORS
Captain Nance Again Comes
In for Jests, and Other
Faculty Men Are Favored
BERKELEY, Oct. 15— The "Pelican," S
the humorous publication of the under
graduates at the University of California,
hia.de its appearance on the campus
Saturday for the first time this semester.
The issue is an improvement over those
of last year both in quality and in size.
"The management has made a specialty
of cartoons and short, witty poems.
As usual, the faculty comes in for its
share of the "roasts" that are handed
out with every edition. Professor C. D.
yon Neumayer, ' instructor in elocution
and a leader in the dramatic association
at the university, is made the butt of
some severe joshing at the hands \ of
Walter de Leon, one of the editors of the
publication. The josh is in the form of .
an interview in which tne professor Is
niade to say some very foolish things.
Captain Nance and President Wheeler
are made the subject of. a cartoon by Ju- \
llus Klein. The drawing, which is in
two parts, represents the student bat
talions drilling in one portion and in th 6
other is a caricature of President Wheel
er receiving a bunch of greenbacks from
the Government. Under the cartoon is
the caption, "Drilling for Gold— A Mining
Term." The faculty student affairs com
mittee also comes in for a few joshes.
Most of the other cartoons in, the paper
refer to the football situation at the .uni
versity.' By far the best bit of jvqjirk in
the book is a double page drawing by
Carl Hoffman, dealing with the subject
of freshman football teams.
In the editorial columns occasion is
taken to severely roast the "Californlan,"
the college daily, for the weakness of its
editor's stand in affairs affecting the un
dergraduates. "If a thing is worth prais
ing," says Pelly, "it is worth slapping it
on. If it is worth knocking, bring on
the club." . . . \u0084 .
The editor speaks regretrully of the
number of things handed in which are
plagiarized and' promises that hereafter
he will publish in red ink the names of
all those who "lean toward the deadly
parallel." Most of the articles in the
book are. illustrated by the staff and out
side artists. .
This year's staff of the "Pelican" con
sists of the following: Editors-in-chief,
Vance McClymonds, Sam Hellman and W.
R. Del Leon; assistants, Karl Hoffman,
Julius Klein, Harry Rogers, Gurden Ed
wards, E. J. Loeb and Warren Perry. The
business manager is Roy E. Warner.
MYSTIC DR AMA
BY M'LELLAN
Author of Leah Kleschna to
Put Forth a Play Under
Title "The Jury of Fate"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 16. — Just as every
actor wants to play "Hamlet," so it
seems to be the nurtured ambition of
every dramatist to write a "mystic"
play. Give your playwright just the
requisite amount of success and you
are pretty sure to have him bobbing
up with a big allegorical "drammer"
that has spooks or some other variety
of supernatural beings in its. leading
roles.
The latest to succumb is C. M. S.
McLellan. 'Frankly it seems a bit early
for this American dramatist . ito be
dabbling in the mystic, for though he
has the big success of "Leah- Kleschna"
to his credit, not to mention "The
Belle of New York," and though his
comedy, "On the Love Path," appears
to be catching on at the London Hay
market, he really has no license yet
to be putting big moral i lessons on the
stage.
But this Is what McLellan has at
tempted, tha^t is, if his forthcoming
play is accurately described. Its title
is a bit disquieting, "The Jury of
Fate," likewise the announcement that
it is "a drama In seven tableaux." But
that is not the worst, for we have it
on the dramatist's own authority that
<he figure of death appears in his play
on no less than three occasions. In
the piece he Is referred to as "the
stranger,", and his visitations are made
to our old acquaintance the shattered
rake who would like to live his life
over again and who makes a decidedly
worse Job of it on the second , trial. N
YOUNG IRVING TO HAVE PART. A
There is a beautiful heroine, toojiwho
Is to be '.'typical of all that is whole
some and In womanhood,"
while the, leading, male character is op
posed by ' another who is intended : to
represent "humart | power, industry and
self-restraint." So no one will needlto
betola the "The Jury of Fate" is; the
most ambitious work which its author
has yet attempted.
Perhaps McLellan really has got it
in' him to do this' sort of thing and
make it convincing. The Schuberts
evidently think uncommonly .well jof
his play, for! they are going; to glveit
in London | with the younger Irving,
who recently acted Hamlet, inthe, lead-
Ing role. .This will. follow, their produc
tion at the new Waldorf of Beyftrlein's
military play, ''Lights^ Out," which ;in
the United States , was _ called ."Taps."
In thin also H. B. Irving will appear. \u25a0
For the success of his play "On the
Love Path," McLellan has chiefly to
thank what seems to have been an aner
thought. His Irresponsibility in-. "The
Belle of New York," and | his seriousness
in "Leah, Kleschna ; tried to mix :in . the
new piece and that^is where the. after
thought , must have come : in. Apparently
the author set forth in his ; salad 'days
to * write a . machine-made }.\ melodrama,*
with somewhat , farcical comedy |to light
en it. But the. comedy.was so light and
the melodrama- so heavy ;\u25a0; that the two
couldn't' get together. \u25a0\u25a0;, Perhaps, the play
was : shelved,; then, : s untiL success in other,
directions brought the'auinor's work j into
demand and . he, hurriedly; developed ; the
fun . in his play '\u25a0 and '; shoved his villain
to . one side. That : fun,' in the hands : of
what might -almost ;beJcalled: an :; all-star
company^ at "the ' Haymarket Theater, . so
delights the audiencethat they, wait quite
patiently : while - the^villain gets
his "thankless • part 'of ', the''b*usiriess "and
SAVAGE CANINE
MANGLES CHILD
Vicious Great Dane Attacks
a Nine-Year-Old Boy and
Is Beaten Off hy a Woman
BULLET KILLS ANIMAL
Mrs. L. M. Ritzau Saves Wal
ter Thumler From Jaws of
Ferocious Dog He Released
ALAMEDA, Oct. 15.— Walter Thumler,
nine years, of age. was attacked by a
ferocious Great Dane to-day at the
home of L. M. Ritzau, 833 Taylor ave
nue, and while the savage brute was
mangling his victim he was beaten off
by Mrs.~ L. M. Ritzau, whose attention
was attracted to the unequal • conflict
by the screams of the child and the
snarls of the .vicious canine. The calves
of the lad's legs were ripped in several
places by the sharp teeth of .the fren
2ied beast and his left hip was likewise
gashed.
Young Thumler, whose home is in
San Francisco, was visiting at the
Ritzau residence. Making his way into
the rear yard he opened the door of
the kennel wherein the Great Dane
was confined. Immediately upon being
released the animal sprang at the
throat of the boy and bore him to the
ground, j There the brute repeatedly
sank his fangs into the little fellow's
body and desisted only when Mrs.
Ritzau hastened to the "child's rescue
arid flogged the canine. She then sum
moned her husband, L. M. Ritzau, the
band leader, . who ended the Great
Dane's life with a bullet.
Dr. A. A. Stafford dressed the wounds
of young Thumler and the patient was
taken to his home. in San Francisco.
GrEKMAN SONG SOCIETY
GIVES ENTERTAINMENT
United Singers of Pacific
Coast Hold Annual Con
cert and Ball.
The United German" Singers of the
Pacific Coast gave their first annual
concert , and ball in Eihtracht Hall,
Twelfth and Howard streets, last even
ing. The German Consul, Franz Bopp,
and the officers and men of the German
cruleer Falke were guests of honor
during the evening. \. '£,
The society was organized about six
months " ago , to preserve the German
songs on this coast and to draw the
different singing societies closer to
gether. Although the society is still
young it embraces twelve clubs in
different parts of the State and a mem
bership bf nearly 800. Joseph Blust,
president of the Los Angeles society,
and several' noted singers came all the
'way -from the South to be present at
this entertainment and ball.
The ' following programme was ren
dered: •
Ouverture. C. H. Hoge's orchester: "Die
Ehfe Gottes in der Natur" (L. v. BeethoVen),
Ghor: Pacific Sangerbund (Dirg., J. Rlegger):
Ansprache dcs Prasldenten, R. Lorentz; "Ich
kenn' eln wunderschonea Land" (J. Helm).
Gemslchter Chor: Alpenrosli Gesang-Vereln (Di
rig.. C. Hoffman); baritone solo, "Di« drel LJeb
chen" (W. Speier), Herr John Flagemann;
"Zieh' hinaus beim Morgengrau'n" (Alfred
Dregert). Chor: Ban Francisco Mannerchor (Di
rig., Th. Vogt): '"Das Herz am Rheln" (Ed
win Schultz) Chor: Freunschaft Sangerbund
und Bayern-feund Gesang-Sectlon (Dlrlgr., J.
Riegger); "Waldes Gruss" (F. Abt), Chor:
Mission Turn-Veretn Gesang-Sectlon (D!rig. k
C. Hoffmann); soprano solo, "Deine fclauen
Augen" (C. Bohm). Fraulein Una Hackmelster;
"Mutterliebe" (H. Volgt). Chor: Harmonic und
Teutonla (Dirlg., J. Riegger);
Wunsch" (Franz Otto), Chor: Germanla Club
Gesang-Sectlon (Dirlg., J. -C. Ralth); "Die
Helmkehr" (Gelbke). Chor: San Francisco
Turn-Vereln Gesang-Sectlon und Gesang-Verein
Walhalla (Dirlg.. G. Albrecht); "Das Deutsche
Lied" (Kalliwoda), Chor: Pacific Sangerbund.
After the entertainment the floor was
cleared and dancing continued until
morning. .
then settle back to enjoy themselves
thoroughly again. \u0084
; COLLIER WELL RECEIVED.
"I came over here from America for
four weeks,, and I've stayed six months,
and judging by the kindness of your re :
ception this evening it looks as if I'd stay
here until— well, next Saturday, anyway."
So said Willie Collier in response to the
continued applause of the first night audi
ence at the London production of "On the
Quiet." Augustus Thomas' anything-but
quiet farce is not particularly suited to
London tastes, and the last act with its
comic marriage service verges closely on
vulgarity, but Willie Collier has captured
the town and could make a success of
anything that gave scope for his skill in
fun-making. \u25a0 • -,
Excepting James Welch there is scarce
ly an English cdirtedian who can be com
pared with him. One might have thought
that some St the more solemn of the Lon
don critics would assume a condescending
tone in writing of the agile and light
hearted Collier, but even so grave a stu
dent of the drama as W. L. Courtney,
who edits the Fortnightly Review and
presides over the destinies of a famous
old publishing house when he Isn't writing
criticisms f or the Telegraph, speaks of
the American comedian's work in the
highest terms.
11l fortune: is still the portion of
Forbes Robertson, for despite all an
ticipations to the contrary, "The Con
queror," the blank verse drama by "R.
F.'.Fyff e," with which- the actor . opened
his new Scala Theater, the other night,
proved to be only a poor thing. More
over, it isn't the work of any one
named . Fyffe, but the • Duchess of
Sutherland, who Is beautiful and rich
and clever in many ways, but of whose
fitness to write plays; we must still be
convinced. : "The Conqueror" can have
only a brief existence, and Robertson
will probably follow it with , a new
comedy by Mrs. Ryley, who supplied
him with "Mice and Men."
Kubelik Is about to make what will
be his last appearance In this country
for two years of" more.' After a short
tour in the English provinces the vio
linist will go to the United States, and
then will be heard in Australia.
Furs of ' Animals.
The British I6ng : eared .bat has a body |
only two Inches long from the top of its |
nose to the base of its ' : tall, but its ears
are an '" irrch = and ; a half long and three
quarters lofl an r inch broaa. "When the
owner, of these >ast ears proposes to. go
to sleep It bends them outward and - then
backward, folding them down on each
side of its head * and shoulders before
bringing, up -its wings .to. cover its sides.
When the little bat wakes It is quite a
business Ito "straighten these . cumbrous
ears into position again. In fact, he holds
them : for « some - little ; time .;. half-cock . be
fore he is able to erect'them; fully. Bats
are a very 'sensitive i to draughts, and on
that account, this "little \ mammal puts it
pelf to • bed in , such careful wraps.— Pear-,
son's Weekly.;' ; - ! /-.••\u25a0;
MANUFACTURING
SITES ARE SOLD
Good/Prices Are Paid for
Several Lots in Oakland
Water Front District
ACTIVITY IN BUILDING
More Than Seven Hundred
New Structures Are Erect
in Berkeley in Single Year
OAKLAND, - Oct. 15.— Few large/deals
in local real estate have marked the week
Just closed. ; the most Important transac
tions being the sales of a lot on the
northwest corner of Broadway and First
street for $27,000, another on the south
west corner of the cane streets for $15,
000, and 127 feet of the property known as
the "Willows." on the east side of Oak
street, at a "point opposite Fifteenth
street- The price paid in the latter case
has not been made public. Other note
worthy sales have been those of a lot at
the corner of Alice and First streets for
$10,500 and one on the north side of First
street, between Franklin and Webster
streetß, for $2500.
In all but the case of the Willows prop
erty, it is understood that the buyers In
tend to use the property purchased for
the erection of manufacturing plants.
While there have been no very large
sales of real estate. Alameda. County
dealers, almost to a man, report a large
number of sales of small residence prop
erty, and the most encouraging feature
of these sales is the fact that a large per
centage of the deals have been made by
non-residents of the county, demonstrat
ing that there is a steady inflow of out
side capital into this and the neighboring
cities.
Work has Just been commenced on a
handsome residence, which Is to be erect
ed on the northwest corner of Seventh
and Jefferson streets, for the Right Rev.
Archbishop R. W. Riordan. The records
of the Building Inspector's office show
that the new home , of the Archbishop,
when completed, wilt, cost $15,000.
There has been a large amount of build
ing in all parts of the county In the last
thirty days, but the town of Berkeley has
been the most favored In this respect,
many new homes having been erected in
the "college town" in, that time.
On September 1, 1904, an ordinance was
passed in Berkeley requiring the filing of
a notice with the Town Clerk upon the
beginning of work on any building erect
ed within the town' limits, and since the
passage of the ordinance 709 of these no
tices have been filed. These notices rep
resent the outlay of more than two mil
lion dollars for new buildings in Berkeley
in a little more than thirteen months.
By far the most important transaction
in Berkeley real estate in the last month
was the sale of the McDonough tract,
located on the southeast corner of Rus
sell and College avenues. The tract was
purchased by Harlow P. Bancroft of the
real estate firm of Holcomb, Breed &
Bancroft and the price paid is said to
have been $160,000. ' •
J. S. Myers of Oakland has just pur
chased the gore bounded by Grove street,
San Pablo avenue and Jones street
through the firm of H. B. Belden & Co.
The purchase price was $35,000. It Is said
that the purchaser will at once begin the
erection of a three-story building on the
property.
The West Coast Realty Company has
just opened a branch office in Fruitvale,
near Fruitvale station. This company
has the handling of several choice tracts
of Fruitvale property, and ( they intend
ultimately to make this ineir main office.
In order to be close to their largest In
terests.
1 A. Howard Herman, a well-known real
estate dealer of Berkeley, has Just re
turned from a short vacation spent in So-,
noma County. His office is located at
211S Shattuck avenue.
CROP OF NEW WORDS
"* RECENTLY COINED
Wars Generally Bring: Into General Use
Many .\en Words and
Phrases.
The Russo-Japanese war Is making us
familiar with a host of tangled proper
names, such as Rojestvensky, Pobiedonos
seff, Petravalesk and Kniaz Potemkln,
but it has given our vernacular few, if
any, new words.
Most wars of the last century were far
more productive. The struggle in the
Crimea gave us "Sebastopol," a name In
common usage among small boys for
forty years, and abandoned within the
last decade because the thing it repre
sented ceased to exist. The South African
war. introduced us to "trek," "laager,"
"kopje" and "burgher," anfl we promptly
took them in our arms. The first is now
a familiar common noun, and the other
three, though less often used, are under
stood perfectly by the majority of Amer
icans.- The roots "rift" and "kloof" and
the word "rand" have found their way
into English via the dialect of Tommy At
kins, and several other Boer words have
obtained fairly regular naturalization pa
pers. . In much the same way the Spanish-
American war enriched our store of
word. "Machete" and "reconcentrado"
are two that seem likely to remain with
us. The Philippine insurrection has paid
its :dues with "bolo," "ladrone" and
"hike"— the first Malay, the second Span
ish' and the third of unknown parentage.
But, unlike . previous wars, the Russo-
Japanese fracas is giving us legal tender
of common speech very sparingly. We
have learned that "shima" is Japanese
for island and that "yang" Is Chinese for
river, but neither of these words has be
come even bad English. Of Russian words
we have : learned none but "ikon" and
"vodka."— Baltimore Herald.
Cnriousi Warning: to Women.
A few miles from Annan, in the world
famed burial ground of Spring Well,
celebrated in song and story in connection
with Ac tragic death of Fair Helen of
Klrkconnel Lea, there is tobe. seen still
in. a state of good preservation a curious
old tombstone, upon which is sculptured a
full-bust figure of a woman with a waist
that any lady in searc hof a slim figure
might well envy.
But this tombstone, writes a correspon
dent of the Dundee News, was not erected
to encourage vanity In the feminine. mind.
but«for the purpose of warning ladies who
were inclined to indulge in tight lacing of
the "fate that awaits them— as the -lady
over whose remains this unique tombstone
was erected ' had fallen a victim to this
fashionable tightening of the waist. On
another part *of the stone there is a
mounted figure supposed to represent a
horseman. hurrying to seek a doctor to, re
lieve the sufferer.— Chicago Journal.
Found Old Secret Chamber.
"Workmen engaged in tearing down the
Plough Inn at Little Ealing. London,
this week discovered a secret chamber.
It | was elaborately, furnished in old oak.
The'houso Is. over 500 years old. .and at
one'Ulme' belonged'; to the grandmother
of Dick Turpin, the famous highwayman.
The • chamber ; Is supposed .to have been,
his, retreat ; when too closely pursued.—
Washington Star. •
LARKSPURITES
LAY SIDEWALKS
Commuters Get Busy With
Carpenter Tools and Im
prove Appearance of Town
WOMEN SERVE A LUNCH
New Sanitary District Made
by Voters Who Are Anxious
to Promote Lively Suburb
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LARKSPUR. Oct. 15.— Sanitary District
No. 4 of Marin County, embracing Lark
spur and Escalle, was created by an elec
tion held at Larkspur yesterday, the votg
being 46 for to 6 against. The* next st«x^
will be the calling of an election for a
bond issue after the Sanitary Trustees
obtain .an estimate on the cost of a sewer
system. F. O. Heydenfelt, Frank Cralgr,
Frank Murray, Jean Escalle and Harry
Thornton are the Trustees and James
MacCormlck is Assessor.
A sidewaik building bee. under the as
pices of the Larkspur Canyon Club and
the Larkspur Improvement Clubs waa
held to-day. The. commuters as well as
the non-commuters were strongly In evi
dence. They managed to lay a board
sidewalk to the schoolhouse, a distance
of several hundred yards. The ladies of
the district served a luncheon to the side
walk builders during the noon hour.
TRIES TO ESD HIS LIFE AFTER
I.EAR.MXG OF HIS WIFE'S DEATH
Aged Resident of Mill Valley
Attempts to Take Dose ot
Laudanum.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 13.— Allen Butler,
an aged resident of Mill Valley whose
face is nearly eaten away by cancer,
attempted to commit suicide at a lat«
hour last night a few minutes after
he learned that his wife had passed
away. Dr. Spottlswood saw the aged
man take a bottle of laudanum from a
shelf and snatched the poison away
from him before he could use it Ha
has been under guard since and will be
sent to a hospital. He has been af
flicted with cancer for several years
and for the last two years has been de
pendent upon the charity of a fra-j
ternity. Mrs. Butler, who was man, JJ
years younger than her husband,
worked hard taking care of him. Yes
terday morning she felt faint and
called in Dr. Annie Anderson, who pre
scribed for her. In the evening Mrs.
Butler fainted and though medical aid
was summoned she died without re
gaining consciousness.
RECEII'ES APPOINTMENT.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 15. — It is said hero
that George W. Cuthbertson, a former
resident, has been appointed chief
engineer of the Custom H.ouse in San
Francisco. He was a member of the
Marine Engineers' Association and waa
connected with the army transport ser
vice between Manila and San Francisco.
He graduated from the civil engineer-
Ing department of Stanford University
In 1396.
RAILROAD MAX MOVED.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 15. — Southern Pa
cific Representative A. P. Michelson has
been changed to San Mateo from the
office here. About $300,000 worth of
business a r.ear Is done at the local
office. A. A. Hapgood has taken Michel
son's position.
WILL BUILD CREMATORT.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 15. — A largo crema
tory will be built within a short while
on the Bay View ranch. Robert Eng
lish will back the project it is said for
the disposal of Palo Alto garbage. The
location is north of San Francequito
Creek.
WAST UPTOWN OFFICE.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 15. — Residents her*
want an uptown office established by
the Western Union Telegraph Company.
Complaints against the undesirable
location at the railroad station are be
ing freely expressed.
HOTEL RAFAEL 19 CLOSED.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 15. — The Hotel
Rafael closed its doors to-night for the
first time in many years, and when it
reopens next February it will have been
thoroughly renovated from top to bot
tom.
•Adolph Caraot, mentioned for President
of France. Is a brother of the xnurdaxed
President of that name.
DR. PIKKCX7S REMEDIES.
A CLEAN MAN.
Otltridft cleanliness is less fbf* half
the battle. A nan may scrub himself •
dozen times a day, and m
still be tmclean. .Good Jgjfc
health means cleanliness fP7
not only outside, bat in- \u25a0 t Jr^kik k
side. It means a clean Js^^wk
stomach, clean bowels, JKST-. c^hL
clean blood, a clean jOTuff'iS/M
liver, and new, clean, ijf fflj'T^Ty^
/healthy tissues and fi- lg mS^}^\
bers in every organ of " jfflSvr £jft
the body. The man J!»JL£x&
who 13 clean in this |Tp\
yray will look it and act Taf [fcj
it. He will work with * J *
energy and think clean, clear, healthy
thongnts.
He will never be troubled with liver,
lung, stomach or blood disorders. Dys-
pepsia and indigestion originate in
unclean stomachs. Hood diseases are
found where there is unclean blood.
rQry Consumption and bronchitis
g£*T mean unclean lungs. Dr.
"JiRjGL Pierces Golden Medical
i^^V»V SCOver 7 prevents these
JRa**sJ ,$& diseases. It makes a nan's
»8231aE/ inside3 clean and healthy.
Jt c^ 113 tile digestive or-
Oi ' '^ v Spo 3 * makes pure, clean
\u25a0*i 'v blood, and clean, healthy
l\ j flesh. It doesn t make the
H wdi flabby fat of corpulency,
J 1 * but the firm flesh of health.
It restores tone to the nervous system,
and cures nervous exhaustion and
prostration. It contains no alcohol
to inebriate or create craving for iajnri-
ous stimulants.
Mr. John L. couf henoar, of Glen S**»ge,
Somerset Co.. P«.. writes: "My «pp*tlte wm
unusually poor, and I was as weak and nerv-
ous v though I had been stanred for months.
My heart kept throbbing continually and I was
short of breath. Finally I wrote to you for ad-
vice and you informed me that t had indigestion
and a torpid liver. I did nqt think your diag-
nosis was right, but I ordered six NXtles of
' Golden Medical Discovery ' from you and began !
Its use. After using three botUcs I b«%%a to mi- .
prove slowly and soon went to work, and I have
Seen working ever since.'^ ~
Constipation is the most andean tra-
cleanliness. Dr. Pierces Pleasant PtelV
lets cure it They never griaa.ARTHUR PRINCE
IS RARE PYTHON
Has Wonderful Power of
Ventriloquizing Without
Any Apparent Effort
ORPHEUM SHOW GOOD
Wireless Telegraphy and
Some Other Features
-Ire Highly Entertaining
It JLrthsr Prince wcra not at the Or
pheuzn this voek there iroald be Captain
B3 r *cra Hither ccsld almost persuade
sm to £t throsgh another "Tiro Rubies,"
<ww-mVttffia by Dean aad Ed iq 11. I
eos2£n*t cay mare. X discovered Mr.
Prt=^« list sightr-*. linlo laia. like sev
eral «taer discoveries. He Is the person
w~s hma bees showing the Orphemn
crov€c tax ths last ireek how to ven
trUx^ixa Trtthcjit— perspiring. I never
fcx ; aeea any ona else da it. 1 never
*3t * *oca another ventriloquist smoke and
UJj;-<h<»ugh I have heard Tfetrazzini trill
thivjegh a knittiiis needle. Many things
ifr. Prince does unuruaJ In the profes
s-cr_ The ventrllOQaea— there is only one
a British rnlddy. Just enlisted. Prince
hiasself is an a&niraJ. tho middy interro-
Crfing him hoir to become such. The skit
ltrtlf might have been written by W, A.
ZsAohs, and the "acti^s" of it Is as goad.
S: gsick is tha talk sometimes that it
»eea* as If two voices were going at
Case, yet Prince ni jvc-s only his own
nv_s— es. He sits reading a piper, smok
tzg, chafflng the middy, apparently doing
nothing ax all else, at last drinking a
tsmbler of trine accompanied by the
srxznfeliag of the middy. It la the best
\u25a0work cf in kind ever seen here. Not
ii« worst joke in the akit is where the
»lrairal asks the middy "what tho equator
isf
A raenagerie lioa running round the
esJth." say 6 the middy.
And If even Mr. Prince cannot convert
080 to ventriloquism there is Captain
B'.yoca, wbo brings wireless telegraphy to
rtudeviUa. Most picturesque aro his ex
periments. From a "seno^ig station"
uhai looks rather like a big nicfcel musio-
Bund) placed In the center aisle, the au
dirsce itself presses the trutton that rings
a hell at the "receivirus: station." sets off
a cannon, fires a po-wder blast, and sig
r»ls a train. It is all very wonderful.
Whether one could press a button here
trd set off a cannon in New York was
one of the speculations buzsod about the
house afterward.
before said, the worst skit in vaude
tvW—made while you wait—is there this
*•<*<\u25a0£, in "The Two Rubies." But there
1? Jso a elar.g classic, if you like them
test way, !n Pert I>es!le and Robert Dai
ley's "Going Abroad." To find out what
j" - i do ?:ot know about slang it is neces
sary only to hear this. The current
acrobatics arc b<nh goo 3, the three
tCevaros, who seem to balance just as
they please in spite of little things like
gruviumor!. and Browning .tnd Wally, in
trapeze wcrk. Also the Melani trio are
in happy evidence, and Raymond an<l
Oaverly bring up fond memories of Kolb
and Dill.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
"In Old Kentucky" opened to a crowd
ed house at the "Grand last night. Full of
rustic beauty in its every line, a picture
cf liappy southern life among really
charming people, yet studded with scenes
exciting enough to please the fondest
lo\er of heroic melodrama. "In Old Ken
t.-.rky" took hold of the hearts of its
audience and played emotionally with
th^in until it finally brought them lov
irrly to a happy climax — the plighted
:v th of th*> gay young planter and his
mountain fairy. When tho curtain fell
for the last time the audience cheered
for many minutes and the whole cast
tips brought before the curtain.
The brightest bit of the play is the In
troduction of the negro boys about the
barnyard. They arc happy as any picka
ninnies evar were and they play and
fiance wonderfully well. The horse race,
the winning of Queen Bess with the hero
!^in the paddle disguised as the jockey.
a*ft the excitement of the va?t crowd
cf epectators make a stirring scene. The
cu-iience yelled with Joy when the thor
rv.ghbred came under the wire a win
ntr.
"In Old Kentucky" is one of the best
r'aye that has ever been staged at the
Grand for many moons.
A telegram from Xcw York says that
George C Tyler, the managing director
cf Li«?bler & Co., will sail from New York
r«?xt Thursday on a flying visit to Lon
don and Paris to eign a contract with
Henri Bataille for a new play for the use
of Eleanor Robson when she returns to
New York to commence an indefinite en
gagement at the Daly Theater just after
tr>«s new year. Mr. Taylor also has in
readiness a play by Clyde Fitch and will
ft.dd another drama by a prominent Lon
<son author, so that Miss Robson will
have for her use three plays, one by an
American, one by tin English and one by
c French author.
IXIVERSITV CLLB FORMED
DV THE CAXAL EMPLOYES
governor Maroon Made President of
> Organization and a Hundred
Jlembem Enrolled.
PANAMA, Oct. 15. — A meeting of
university men employed by
the Panama Canal Commission was held
this afternoon. In the administration
tmUdlcg for the purpose of organizing
ly:ne city of Panama a club for the
preservation of the college spirit of
fraternity.- A; constitution and^ by-laws
were adopted^
Charles R. .'Magoon. Governor of the
canal zor.e md American Minister, was
elected president, Jl. P. Hlbard vice
president and J. Sargent secretary.
Colonel William C. Gorgas, chief sani
tary officer of the zone; F. 8.~ Maltby,
division engineer; Judge Little and B.
M. Arrange were among those selected
on the board of governors.'
A building formerly occupied by the
Amerkptj legation will be rented by the
new club, which will start off with
about 100 members.
Will Entertain Paaaenger Agents.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 15. — The
committee hax'ing In charge the enter
tainment of the general passenger
agents of America has completed elab
orate arrangements for the care of the
party from the time of their arrival at
the border until they reach this city,
where they will hold itheir convention
from October 17 to 21 Inclusive. The
customs inspection of the baggage at
the border will be made as lenient is
possible. The • Mexican Government
will participate in the entertainment of
the visitors. They will be granted an
audience by President Diaz and Vice
Presidcat Corral.
Spend Votir Chrinttnnn In Old Mexico.
A (jp^cla! trair. equipped with Pullmans and
dlr.T. will leave San Francisco for Old Mf xico
I^^mbtr lC. t Golns trip wilt be made straight
'tJ •.\u25a0•! to City of Mexico over.the Houtlw-rr
l'qP.:ic, via V<>9 Anpeles und El Paso. Return
may br made via Orand Canyon over the fianla
J>. Tickets for the round trip will bf> $SO.
*lxty day Umlt. An ocursion ajrent will au.-
ronipany tlw :»2rty. Further particulars of
Southern Pacific a^ent- •
MANY CONCERNS
ARE DELINQUENT
Governor Issues List of Cor
porations That Have Not
Paid Their License of $10
EACH FIRM IS NOTIFIED
Will Not Be Allowed to Do
Business in the State Un
less Law Is Complied With
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 15. The issuauoo
of Governor Pardeo's proclamation an
nouncing the names of corporations, do
mestic and foreign, that have not yet
compiled •Hitn tjja provisions of the cor
poration license law passed by the last
Legislature, has revived interest In the
requirements imposed by the law. The
law was recommended by Secretary of
State Curry, who found it necessary for
the expedition of the business of his of
fice to sort out and abandon the ar
ticles of incorporation of concerns that
are dead and forgotten, but that atili
ouniber tha archives and impose double
duties upon a portion of his office force.
Under the law each domestic corpora
tion is taxed $10 a year for a lioense en
titling it to do business under its
charter, and a like sum is exacted from
foreign corporations for permission to do
business in the State. In case the pro
visions of the law are not complied with
the domestic concerns forfeit their char
ters and the foreign concerns forfeit the
right to continue to do business In the
State. If the tax is not paid by the last
of August it becomes delinquent and a
penalty of 15 is added. This must be
paid within Eixty days after the issuance
by the Governor of a proclamation an
nouncing tha names of the concerns that
have not compiled with the provisions of
the law. The proclamation was issued
yesterday, and forfeiture will be due De
cember 13, unless in the meantime de
linquents shall have settled with the
State,
There are in the office of the Secretary
of State articles of incorporation of 43,
009 concerns. A notice was sent to each
of them, with a copy of the law Inclosed,
that the license tax \tfas due. About 20,
000 of these were returned, marked "not
delivered" indicating that the corpora
tions had died; 8609 corporations have
paid the license tax of '|10, and nearly a
thousand have paid the tax and the $5
penalty. A rough estimate places the
number of live corporations In the State
from lt',ooo to 20,000 and those that have
not yet responded are delinquent, and un
less they pay up by or on December 13,
they will forfeit the right to continue
business in the State as corporations.
Under the law the publication of the
Governor's proclamation in two newspa
papers was made mandatory, and Gover
nor Pardee named as such newspapers
the Sacramento Union and the Oakland
Enquirer. The publication in the Union
will be made to-morrow morning; In the
Enquirer to-morrow afternoon.
STATE PROMOTION
AGENT IS NEW YORK
Charles Beitlief Seeking to
Bring" National Conven
tions to the Coast.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Charles R. Beit
ler of San" Francisco, representing the
California Promotion Committee, of
which Rufus P. Jennings is chairman,
has been here for several days working
up the interest of California's varied in
dustries. He has visited the various
boards of trade, fruit and produce ex
changes, and made a round eff the news
paper offices, at all of which he was cor
dially received.
This morning's World gives Ueitler con
siderable space in an interview, setting
forth the advantages of California's sa
lubrious climate, the fertiljfly of the soil
and the general productiveness of the
State. Beitler has strong hopes of in
ducing the National Manufacturers' As
sociation to hold its next convention in
California in June of next year. He is
also working to get the convention of the
National Poultry Association to meet in
San Francisco next December. Beitler
left to-day for "Washington.
SCHOOL DIRECTOR
GUILTY OF FELONY
Washington Official Admits
in Court That He Forged
Sieo:al Dispatch to The Call
TACOMA. Oct. 15.— At North Yakima
yesterday W. R. Laidler pleaded guilty
to a charge of forsring- warnuits on
Toppenish School district and having
them cashed. His peculations are said
to amount to $12,000. The district will
have to issue l>onds to take up the
warrants, as the holders claim they
are valid, inasmuch as L.aidler was a
director of the district when he forged
the names of the other directors.
Laidler was arrested a. few weeks
ago after the discovery that he had
made false returns of a school district
election which was never held. His
arrest created a sensation, as lie had
previously been held In high esteem.
SCHOONER SACRA MK.VTO GOES
ASHORE OKI>" OREGOX COAST
Ve»*el AVIII Be a Total 1..0 M, but the
3lembrr3 of Crew Have Been
Saved.
"MARSHFIELD. Ore.. Oct. 15. — The
schooner Sacramento which sailed from
Biuslaw yesterday, lumber laden, en
countered a heavy southwest gale and
a heavy westerly swell, and was unable
to get oft! shore. She was driven on
the beach about a mile and a half
north of Coos Bay bar. The crew was
taken oft with difficulty. The schooner
is fast going to pieces and will be a
total wreck. Lumber and other wreck
age are being washed ashore. >
Object to Cannl Piers.
PANAMA. Oct. 15. — On account of the
big shipments of lumber for the canal
commission, the piers at Laboca arc
again being used for discharging car
goes. The steamship agents complain
of this because it compels them to un
load by means of lighters, which, they
claim, causes much inconvenience and
many losses. < ' ~
CongTe»«lonal Party Divides.
PRESCOTT, A. T.. Oct. 15.— The Con
gressional party divided to-day. Taw
ney and several olhers went to the
Crown Kins mines and the rest made
trips In carriages through the moun
tains to the granite quarries and
Whipple Barracks. The post is being
greatly enlarged and the work was in
spected by the visitors.
Actor Van Ostrand Dead.
NEW YORK, Octr 15. — James Van
Ostrand, for two seasons a member of
Mrs. Leslie Carter's company, died at
the Hahncmann Hospital to-night of
typhoid fever, aged 33 years.
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL. MONDAY,^OCTOBER- 16, 1905.
AUTO WRECKED;
MEN ARE HURT
Machine Turns a Somersault
in Road Near Yoiintville
and Lands in a Big Ditch
FAULTY STEERING GEAR
Occupants Are Badly Shaken
Up and One of Them, W. H.
Lumsden, Severely Injured
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YOUNTVILLE. Oct. 15.— A serious au
tomobile accident occurred this morning
at 11 o'clock on the oounty road in front
of th» Veterans* Home. William "Wilson
of Napa, owner of the machine, was
driving, and with him were "W. H. Lums
den and A. R. Morrow of Santa Rosa. As
the party was leaving Napa they noticed
the steering gear was loose, but did not
stop. Just as they were pulling into
Yountvllle the machine turned a com
plete somersault and landed upside down
in a big ditch.
While the occupants were all very se
verely shaken up, the only serious injuries
were sustained by W/. H. Lumsden.
Lumsden, a large, heavy-set man, wa3
thrown violently to the ground, and was
picked up unconscious, in which state he
remained for half an hour. George Gibbs
of Yountvllle was passing by in his au
tomobile anl witnessed the accident. He
immediately conveyed Lumsden and his
companions to the hospital at the Veter
ans' Home, where the unconscious man
was taken charge* of by Dr. F. . A. McMa
hon.
Lumsden was found to have sustained a
fracture of his right thumb, sprains of
both wrists and injuries to his right knee
cap. He remained at the hospital until 3
o'clock, wfcen he was taken to the train
and sent to his home in Santa Rosa. The
machine is still lying in the ditch, a total
wreck.
Sugar to Be Shipped Across Isthmna.
MAZATL.AN, Mex.. Oct. 15.—Repre
sentatives of the American-Hawaiian
Steamship Companr who stopped in
this port on their way from San Fran
cisco to Santa Cruz say their company
expects to ship^t least 300,000 tons of
Hawaiian sugar annually across the
Mexican isthmus under the contract re
cently entered into with the National
Railroad of Tehuantepec, pending the
completion of the Panama canal. Two
new steamships are being built for the
company at California yards.
'JMtf///// Wat Pose the Public Demand in Life Assurance?
#*%&°*' s> * .•'"' •* •• *•' v v ?\^r Ever since the life insurance investigations began early this year the public has been expecting and
c< o c^ ..•'..•'*' ••'•' '^jjp awaiting-a new policy to be issued -bye: one of the standard companies, to meet the following requirements:
i^^co^ .••'.••*••\u25a0' >''''^Jp FIRSX— The policy in its initial cost should be cheaper than any premium hitherto charged.
Jc^ % -' / / °*J^ SECOND -The "profits" or "reductions" .; or "dividends" on the policy should be absolutely guaranteed in
/ / amount and certain in their nature, and all "guesses," "estimates" and "illustrations" should be eliminated. The
£ti?,if / s\**Jr P°^ c y snou^ be as clear and unequivocal as a declaration of faith and as precise and exact as bank interest.
-£ / / THIRD-r-The new policy must be elastic in its provisions, so that it will fit not only the present financial condition of
c .••'..••' the assured, but also every future change in his business life. It must, in short, be a multum-in-parvo policy, which
& c a ' may 'begin as one thing, be reduced to another or be elaborated to still thus fitting the changing fortunes of the
4r business men.
Xhe £dl!it^ble ie Equitable, tne r st company investigated, the first 10 clean house, to recognize and to begin on a more
Jf fViiPCkfc iS»manH economical and rational basis,' is also the first to meet the demands of the public, and it presents to-day,
1 leeiS 1/eipailu g]th|an confidence of a satisfactory reception, a policy which is not written by any other company .in the
United States and which embodies exclusively all of the- foregoing requirements. This is cal led t the "Convertible Life" policy, but its
benefits, its guarantees, its elasticity, its cheapness and its up-to-dateness, are all Incontrovertible. .'
Nf\ r^i¥-ficciact ne Convertible L'fe has not a' single guess in it, but contains twenty-three specific and positive guarantees.
rw jhe uncertainty of dividends is absolutely eliminated. The illusions caused by unreliable estimates have no place
Ail Guarantees * n **• eaves not hJ n g to the future; borrows nothing from hope and gives no mortgages to final disappointment
i v?uui aiitcca j t j s a cc j ear> simple contract, which is made up wholly of guarantees. It bristles with guarantees on every page.
It begins with plain guarantees* adds more wonderful guarantees at the end of- five years, and continues during its entire existence under.
positive guarantees, which cover every possible condition or emergency that may arise. Here are the provisions at a comparatively
young age and then those at an older age. _\u25a0;
For YoUIfcK 01 exam Pl e > ?*\u25a0 a g^26 the policy amounts For Older Let us look a little .at the provisions of this
d to a2O Payment Life, but with many other pos- policy for an older man. Take, for instance, age
Men sible methods of fulfillment The annual initial Men 50 . , To a man of this age it presents itself as a
than the 20 payment" o/anf le^ Ise^e* coffiy S I H "T^
business in the State of California, even including those on a 4 per a premium of $^6.40, which, after five years, will have a guaranteed
cent basis. Now after 5 years at this premium, there is an absolute ca^h reduction to $33.84. Or, if a reduction in the premium is not
guarantee of a cash reduction of the premium. Not of some uncer- desired, an addition of $454 may be made to the face of the policy..
tain sum or some amount depending upon, the experience of the This reduced premium is considerably lower than the lowest Non-
company <>r its financial success, but a Guaranteed cash reduction Participating rate quoted by any company, no matter what table of
ofjust4opercent, no more and no less. In this manner, there- mnrt aiitv or ntp of intPr^t it n^
fore, the premium may be reduced to $15.73 per $1,000. Think of mortallt y or rate ot interest it uses.
!^^n^t>^n Per yearl V C an you imagine anything that may happen in a man's business'
cheapest. company, even a Non-Participating po icy with an annual • v - v -n \u25a0 \u \u25a0 JL • • t v- -s
premium so low as that. experience which will not be met by the provisions of this policy?
However, suppose your family has increased and your heed If he gets into straitened circumstances, the premiums may.be
for protection is greater than it was before. You have only to reduced 40 per cent. If he needs more insurance, the face of his
waive the decrease in premium and elect to; receive an immediate policy may be increased over 45 per cent. •If he decides after five
addition to your insurance of $527 per thousand, •continuing it there- years that he wants a paid-up policy, he may have it in ten years.
t te l^L P <rn y m ThP^- — SaiX^ P remium y° u j? ayea ye been /if after that time he decides that he wishes to continue four years
a gUGSS ' " eStlmate " " : ' W'«"? have » E , nd — t policy, he may also do that,
twen^y^^ Please be. in mind that at any time after the thir^ year this
with no further premiums. However, at the end T of that^tlme, # Pol icy has cash loan values, surrender, values, and all the benefits
still in need of insurance you can continue the ;' premium for thirteen of modern insurance. If it is carried fifteen or twenty years and
years longer, making thirty-three^ years in^ all, and then; receive the then surrendered for its cash value, it turns out very much
face of the- policy as an Endowment in cash.. \u25a0 ' cheaper' even than Assessment 'insurance.
Fill Ollt This Po^cy/canrbe/bojaghtifrbm\the;Eqm No other company offers anything like it. If you are
interested in tHe exact .: figures at your ovynage.rplease'fiirout "the coupon at the; upper left-hand corner and -mail to us, and we will send you
Tl\e COUDOIV the guarantees at your age and also an exact sample of the policy. Positively no sample will be sent unless the questions asked in the
"„ coupon are answered, thus showing your good faith. Of course, this s will not in any way obligate you to buy, but it puts you in a position !o
understand and appreciate this latest development in life insurance. - v ,
ff QHv A lei wW uliula ISIaXIOS
CROCKER BUILDING, San Francisco, Cal.
SUES DOCTOR
WHO TOOK SKIN
Spokane Elk Who Gave Cuti
cle to Burned Woman Is
Seeking $10,000 Damages
SAYS HE WAS DECEIVED
More Hide Than He Agreed
to Give Is Taken From the
Plaintiff by Physician
SPOKANE, Oct. 16.— George A. Love-
Joy, the Elk who was skinned to fur
nlshi grafts for a fellow Elk's wife
suffering from severe burns. has
brought suit against Dr. C. P. Thomas
for' 110.000 as the value 'of 160 inches
of skin which he says the doctor peeled
off of his legs while under chloroform.
Lovejoy asserts that it was' repre
sented to him that the surgeon would
only take from his thighs two or three
stripes, three or four inches long and
three-fourths of an inch wide. When
he got off the table he found that the
front of his legs between knee and
hip was stripped and it was ten days
before he could get out of the hospital.
Mr 3. Fred B. Searles, the original
victim, was burned in an accident. with
a lamp - at Lewlston, Idaho, and was
brought here to St. Luke's Hospital
for treatment. A number of Elks
volunteered to furnish particles of skin,
but Lovejoy proved such a promising
subject that while under chloroform he
was peeled for all the grafts necessary
except some supplied by Mrs. Searle's
husband and brother. The grafting
operation was successful, but the wo
man was so weakened from long ill
ness that she died. __^
EIGHT-HOUR DAY SECURED
BY THE UjVIOX PRINTERS
Over Two Hundred Cases Reported in
Which .New Schedule Has Been
Agreed Upon.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 15. — A
bulletin Issued by the officers of the
International Typographical Union yes
terday says agreements have been
reached between 240 local unions and
employers whereby an eight-hour day
has been or is to be substituted on Jan
uary 1. At the close of the fifth week
of the strike men are still out in fifty
three cities, although it is said that
only a few men are out in a number of
them.
"In more than 300 cities and towns
printers are working on contracts
which will expire on January 1 or
later.
IMPROVEMENTS
FOR STOCKTON
Project to Bond the Slough
City ; for $I.soo,6ooißeing
Discussed by the Citizens
COMMITTEE APPOINTED
New Sewer System, Better
Fire Protection, School
houses and Parks Planned
I Special Dispatch to. The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 15.— This city has en
tered upon a discussion of a general
bonding proposition, having in view ex
tensive Improvements In the way of pub
lic workA It now looks as if a few
months hence voters wlll.be called upon
to pass on a proposal to issue bonds for
$1,000,000 or 51,500,000. Mayor • Gardner
launched the question formally when a
few^days ago he named fifteen prominent
men, representing diversified interesta, to
serve as a commission to formulate estlA
mates and make definite recommenda
tions. The committed has already got
down to work.
A problem of foremost importance Is
that of sewerage. The city has outgrown
its present system, and great trouble Is
being experienced in providing carrying
capacity for the additions. Moreover, the
outfall sewer empties into the San Joa
quin River in direct violation of the
State law. Additional 5 fire protection,
more parks, a city hall and schoolhouses'
are among the improvements spoken of.
The city is responsible for several miles
of improved streets, which are now re
paired out of funds raised by direct tax
ation, Competent authorities declare that
unless provision is soon made for needed
work, not to mention the improvements
necessary to put the city In line with
other progressive communities. It will
mean a municipal tax rate of $2 on the
$100.
The movers in the bonding proposition
will proceed cautiously in formulating
the formal blanket proposal to be sub
mitted to the voters. There will be week
ly meetings in a public place, and every
citizen will be free to offer suggestions.
If It is found that any one Item is liable
to endanger the success of the others
embraced in the scheme. It will be elim
inated. A determined effort will be made
to formulate a bonding proposal that will
carry decisively.
LEWISTON, Mont.. Oct. 15.— Fire which
originated in some unknown manner destroyed
the Lewlston Creamery this morning. The loss
is from ?SOOO *o $10,000, with $3000 insurance.
NEW ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH REVOLVER
Despondent Lemon Grower
Leaves "Visitors to Eanch
and Blows Out His Brains
LIVED ALONE ON FARM
Notes Found in House Show
That Arrival of Neighbors
Interrupted Suicide's Plans
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 15.— The little town
of Lemasa was startled this afternoon
by the suicide of Hal Steward, a re
spected citizen of that community. He
has resided on a ten-acre lemon ranch
near Lemasa for several years. This 1
afternoon C Holmquist and his son
called at the ranch and were talking
with Steward in the rear part. of the
house when the latter excused himself
and walking outside and to the front
of the house fired a bullet Into his
brain. The visitors heard the shot and
found the man a moment or two later
dead where he had fallen with the re
volver lying by his side.
Two notes found, one in the house
asking that Dr. McKay of the quaran
tine station in San Diego be notified
and one in Steward's pocket giving
directions about the ranch, showed that
Steward had been preparing for suicide
before the Holmquists called. He
leaves a brother and sister living- In
Idaho. Steward lived alone and was
given to fits of despondency. He was
a bachelor and 55 years of age.
ATTEMPT TO WTIECK TRACT.
Iron Bar Wedged Against Ran on Xew
Haven Road.
STAMFORD. Conn., Oct. 15. — An at
tempt to-^wreck the west-bound ex
press of the New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad, which leaves hero
at 3:12 o. m. and is due In New York
at 4:05 p. m., was foiled thia afternoon
a few moments before the train was
due. George H. Scofleld, a tower oper
ator, while walking the track to his
home found near a curve a bis bar of
iron firmly wedged against one of tho
rails. The bar was imbedded In stones
and it was with difficulty that Scofleld
pulled it out.
Former i Irish Bishop Dies.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— Right Rev. Alfred
George Elliott, former Bishop of Kil
more, Elphian and Ardagh Church of
Ireland, died to-day, aged 85 years.
CATTLE CAUSE
FIVE DEATHS
They Wreck a Freight Train
in Illinois. Killing Many
of Members of the Crew
BODIES BADLY BURNED
Double-Header Strikes the
Animals and Engine and
Cars Are Piled in a Heap
OSKALOOSA, la.. Oct. 15.— Five v traln
raen were killed to-day at Seaton. 111.,
when a heavy double-header freight
train, on the lowa Central Railroad, ran
Into a bunch of cattle on the track.
Both locomotives and eleven loaded
freight cars were piled In a heap. ..-';-
The dead: George A. Caffal. engineer;
Harry Summers, engineer; Harry Barr.
fireman; la. H.Br alley, fireman; P. T.
Mogan, brakeman.
All lived in Oskaiooaa except Brailsy,
whose home was at Monmouth, XIL
' The wreckage caught fire and the
mangled bodies of tho trainmen were
only saved from the burning debris by
the quick work of tho conductor, aided
by farmers living near by.
Engineer Summers was cattght la tha
cab of bis locomotive and cocked by
steam. He lived several hours, although
large pieces of cooked flesh fall trom
the bone.
BRICK WRECKS A €*•**.
Thirteen Persona Injured Is as Acci
dent In Detroit.
DETROIT, Oct. 15. — Thlrt««a perion*
were Injured this evening, non« fatal
ly, when a Trumbull-avanua car, run
ning west on Fort street. Jumped the
track and crashed Into a traa. The
passengers Inside the car wer« thrown.
Into a heap, while those on tha rear
platform were hurled to tho pavement.
Patrolman L. "W. Piles and James Me-
Namara, passengrars, were tho most
seriously Injured. Tho accident result
ed from a brick plaoed upoa t&e track
•vidently by boys.
Portland Fair Closed.
PORTLAND. Oct. 15. — Wh«n tho
gates of tho Lewis and Clark exposi
tion closed at 1 o'clock this morning
a total attendance for tho day of 56.960
had been registered, making tho grand
total for the fair period 2,545,509. The
attendance for the last day ranks third
in point of numbers, Portland day and
tho Fourth of July belnj tho only
greater days.
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. TIWSCKKXg . .„ . .^. . . : . . • — .Proprietor
ADDIU-SS ALL COMMfNICATIOXS TO
joh* McXAUGiiT „ . . • ._._... ':^j.-j^:---j^-^l 1 ?^ r
7T777ThIRD~AN-U MARKET STREETS. SAX FRANCISCO
monday 77777 .77.7 October io, 1905
CONSERVATISM IN BUSINESS RECOMMENDED.
WHILE die mercantile agencies, through their correspond
ents, continued to report expansion in trade last week, such
expansion was hardly borne out by a scrutiny of the differ
ent industries. In the first place, while the bank clearings exhibited
an increase over the corresponding week last year, the increase was
smaller than of late, being only 15.2 per cent. The aggregate clear
ings, however, showed a large volume of business, amounting to
£2,830,000.000. and Baltimore and New Orleans were the only large
cities exhibiting a decrease; but the gains of the other cities were
smaller than for some time. The failures, too. which for months
have been fewer than in 1964. changed about and were 214, against
208 in 1904.
There was also a decrease in the volume of railroad earnings,
the increase thus far in October being only .02 per cent, whereas for
months the percentage of gain over the previous year has ranged vi
the neighborhood of 6 per cent. Still, the railroads arc reporting
difficulty in handling ail the freight ottered them, and the commer
cial and" agricultural interests, from one end of thecountrv to the
other, are complaining of the scarcity of cars. This shows that the
railroads are doing a very heavy business, which would not be the
case were times quiet.
The export movement is also making a less favorable exhibit
of late, showing a falling off last week, while the imports were
larger. This condition may be changed later on, when we begin to
move the corn and cotton. Some cities report a falling off in the fall
demand, as the first rush to buy for the winter is over, but activity
in this direction is expected to be resumed later on. The manufac
turers are said to be so fully occupied that most of them cannot con
sider any orders for immediate delivery, while it is- also reported that
new business booked ahead into 1906 exceeds all previous exhibits.
The holiday demand, too, is opening so well that great activity in this
line is confidently expected. The iron and steel industry continues
to present an excellent aspect. Though the rail business has quiet
ed down somewhat, steel is reported scarce all over the country, and
the pressure for structural material continues. A number of the
large steel companies have placed • important contracts, and the de
mand for foundry coke for delivery in 1906 has lately been so urgent
1 hat the coke is bringing a dollar a ton more than during the spring.
In this connection it is of interest to note that Russia is again in the
market as a buyer of American iron and steel.
The crops are now considered practically out of danger from
frost. Some frost was reported over parts of the cotton belt during
the week, and while the bulls tried to use it as a lever to advance
prices, it was the general opinion that there was no damage worth)'
of note, except in spots. Large crops of cotton and corn are still
considered assured -by the great majority of operators.
The financial features of the week were the continued compara
tively high rates for money and the speech of Ex-Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury Vanderlip at the bankers' convention at Washing
ton, which was construed as a warning from important financial in
terests against any bull movement in the stock market until the
monetary situation was improved. The speech caused immediate
selling, which carried prices down from one to three points, with the
largest losses in the higher priced stocks. •It was also {aken to indi
cate the attitude of the Standard City Bank party toward the mar
ket, and contained the ' significant statement that should a stock
market speculation start from the present level of prices in the face
of the extra demand upon money which the crop movement and
general business alike are now. making, ;v the, result might easily, be'
temporary disaster. Such a speech from such a man before such a
body as the bankers' convention at the nation's capital of course
had its effect, and doubt and uncertainty have been more or less vis
ible in the stock market ever since. Read between the lines it said :
"Prices for stocks are as high as they will stand at present, so pro
ceed with caution." It is the general conviction that while there will
be no startling rise in money, the market will continue more or less
high in comparison with the recent very low rates the rest of the
year.
Briefly stated, financial and mercantile conditions at present
seem to be controlled by a commendable conservatism on the part
of the controlling forces in finance, and that any tendency toward
undue expansion — to say nothing of inflation — will be promptly
suppressed by the great banking and financial powers. They arc
content to let well enough alone.
ECONOMY IN COOKING.
FIRELESS cook stoves were called attention to some months
ago by The Call, when a report came from the United States
consular clerk at Frankfort, Germany, in regard to them. The
discovery of such a surprising thing as a fireless cook stove was
deemed so important by our War Department that the commissary
general has had the subject investigated and the method of cooking
experimented with. The results were very satisfactory. The fire
less cook stove is more than a rumor and above the suspicion of
being a bit of modern mythology. It will effect both a great
economy and a great convenience in cooking. It will be invaluable
to troops in camp and on the march, and it would no doubt enable
such a saving in household expenditure for fuel, and lighten work
so much, that it would be advisable for all homes of moderate means
to test its merits.
The fireless stove cannot, of course, cook food without the aid
of any fire at all; its purpose is to be subsidiary to the ordinary
stove. It saves the expense and waste of time and attention in
keeping a fire going for a long time in order to prepare such
foods as require thorough boiling or roasting. Its other name is a
"hay box," and it consists of an air-tight receptacle lined with hay
or any non-conducting material, so as to prevent the cooling of the
boiling hot victuals placed therein. The heat, thus conserved, con
tinues the cooking process for hours after the food is put in the
box. So by transfer of the food from the hot stove to the tight box
a few minutes of brisk boiling does as good work, or better, than
keeping the fire going for a large fraction of an hour or more.
The scientific explanation of the fact is that after having once
made the food hot to the boiling degree you cannot without de
stroying it make it any hotter by any addition or long continuation
of the fire. If you keep this attained heat from escaping the cooking
process goes on unchecked. Any air-tight wooden box will do, and
any kind of lining will do that is a non-conductor. The box obviates
the danger of scorching, dispenses with the necessity of stirring and
enables the keeping of a dinner fresh and hot for an indefinite num
ber of hours without expense of fuel and waste of time in watching.
It is especially convenient in families whose members eat at dif
ferent hours. \u25a0 -/V'-£:/*7"
The "hay box" is not new as a mere keeper of food warm. It
was known of old to housekeepers as a convenience in that way;
but what is new is the .remarkable discovery that it will cook as well
as keep warm. A German lady at Frankfort found this out by acci
dent and desired to make the good thing widely known. She has
no stoves to sell and is giving away the; idea. Our commissary
general instructed Captain Murray at Fort Rile/, Kans., to test the
powers of such a stove. At that army post they have a school, for
bakers and are soon to establish a school for cooks. Captain Murray
found that with five or six minutes' preparatory boiling the box
would finish cooking rice, hominy, macaroni, Irish, stew, and even
accomplish the very difficult feat of boiling beans — which last if
often beyond the capacity of a long, hot fire % Captain Murray failed
in his first trials, but persevered till he learned how. He found
earthern pots and jars were best for this purpose, and he thinks
corrugated paper and powdered cork would be the best insulator.
THE SAN /FRANCISCO:: GALL. jIIONPAY/l OCTOBER 16, ,1905.
Yearns for Crackers and Milk as
She Makes Record Mountain Climb
MISS EDITH LEE BAKER.
OVEB dizzy crevasses where woman
never climbed before, up slippery
inclines where a single misstep*
meant death, dangled by a rope
from precipitous heights, and hauled
back almost starved and beset by strange
delusions— these are a few of the perils
passed through by Miss Edith Lee Baker
of Chicago, who has conquered the Breit
horn. a 13.777 foot peak in the Alps, says
the Chicago Inter Ocean.
Miss Baker, who is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Edward P. Baker, has ac
complished what many women have at
tempted to do and failed.
She ascended the Breithorn, a snow
covered mountain fifteen feet higher than
the world-famed Jungfrau, and made the
return, all in twenty-four hours of heart
breaking toil, fatigue and privation.
Many women have tried thejascent be
fore, but no woman, with the single ex
ception of Miss Baker, can boast that
she ended the adventure by a triumphant
return inside of twenty-four hours. In a
letter to friends in Chicago the plucky
young woman has described her feat. In
this she says:
"It was the prettiest little ascent im-
Acquisition of Self Confidence.
WALLACE RICE
HOW can one develop self-confidence
In business and society?" asks a
correspondent, who thus voices a
demand as universal as modest and
unassuming human kind, whe brought
into the conditions of modern city life.
Most of us lack self-confidence because
we believe ourselves to be at a disad
vantage when compared with others. We
come to have the feeling that we are dif
ferent in some manner— and that the dif
ference makes us the subject of adverse
comment.
This Is not in the least true in most
cases; but the first step toward self-cen
fldence is to remove all outward differ
ences likely to place one at a disadvan
tage.
To this end it seems to me that dress
is most important. The man not so well
dressed as another is always at a dis
advantage—and the more he realizes it
the more disadvantageous^ he is placed.
Clothes of stylish cut and excellent out
ward seeming never were cheaper tthatn t
they are to-day in every detail of either
the masculine or feminine wardrobe.
Carefully dressed and brushed, carefully
added to from time to time until some
thing in the nature of a wardrobe has
been acquired, they will remove every
external incentive to lack confidence In
one's self.
So much for the outside of the man,
his shell, as distinguished from himself.
The next point where he may appear at
a disadvantage is in his manners. If he
feels himself to be in a company where
there is a better knowledge of the graces
of life than he possesses, his confidence
In himself suffers a chill. Granted a
kindly heart, and perfect manners are
within the reach of all. /
If there is awkwardness, be assured it
can "be removed, by such physical exer
cises as make for complete self-control
of one's muscles, notably by dancing.
WOULDN'T STAY IX BANK
LONG.
Tom— l; put. some money In the
bank yesterday to be kept there
Until my baby attains", his majority."
1 Jack— l'll bet he attains his (ma
jority before he 15. 21.
aginable, though very often I had to hold
on by my teeth. In one place I dangled
over a precipice when the guide pulled
me up with a rope.
"I felt the altitude and suffered by It.
When far up in the world of ice I began
to crave warm milk and crackers. It
was impossible, but I could not get the
thought out of my mind. It tortured me.
"On the descent the valleys in the
moonlight looked like big bowls filled
with milk, with crackers swimming in
them! When I reached the hotel the
first thing I thought of was milk and I
could not tell a thing of the beauties I
had seen."
The Alpine climb is not the first ad
venture in which Miss Baker has proved
her pluck. Two years ago she rescued
two women from drowning in the Medi
terranean Sea off the coast of Sicily.
Miss Baker Is just five feet tall and
slight. One of the women she rescued
weighed twice as much as the young
woman.
Before Miss Baker departed for Europe
seven years ago she swam twice across
Green Lake, Wis.. a distance of six miles.
She is a graduate of Kenwood Institute
and an expert tennis player.
Her father is a retired real estate man.
Reputable schools flourish in bur cities
and the social practice they insist upon
will at the same time destroy that diffi
dence which so often accompanies awk
wardness. .
Another point is to be interested in a
careful self-appraisal. Look yourself and
your accomplishments over, take account
of individual stock, and note where you
are strong, and where weak.
I once knew a most unassuming girl
who found herself compelled to face a
church full of eager people, who wished
to thank her for great kindness shown
them. She had never made a 'speech in
her life, and she went toward the plat
form with fear and trembling. Then she
remembered that they, were human like
herself, kindly disposed— and she made an
excellent speech, and has been able to
speak well in public ever since.
Oratorical Big Wind.
Joe Blackburn was born with a vocal
batting average of 400. His wind velocity
has never been less than forty miles an
hour. Words flow from his mouth like red
tape from a magician's* hat. Across his
chest some miraculous agency has blown
into the flesh the cryptic words In large
display type, ''Vox et praeterea nihil."
A child of the storm, he was born to
defy the lightning, and to "call" the
whirlwind's wrath. Nobody before has
ever disputed the fact that he was the
oratorical Big Wind of Kentucky.—
Memphis Commercial Appeal.
81 Fourth Bt. (front barber), best eyeglasses;
specs, 20c-BOc;- other stores, $2 50-f3 «>. •
Townsend's California glace fruit*
and choicest candies in artistic fire
etched boxes. New store. 767 Market •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041. •
DON'T BE GRAVE, BE GAY AND DRIVE DULL CARE AWAY
SHE HAD MEKTHBM.
\u25a0- "Scientists; claim that lobsters are
becoming v extinct." :
Jennie— Nothing in it. There were
just .as I many i, lobsters - at Santa
Cruz this summer as ever.
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J WATERHOUSE
ANOTHER STORY.
WITHIN the glade^ of the moon
beams strayed, with . shades
fantastic playing;
. Their silver lay . along the; way
whereon we two were straying; \u25a0
O'er danced and slid her curls amid f they.
swung on swaying tresses
O'er eyes more blue than is the hue of
paths the sunlight presses.
So sweet was she, so fair to see— Heigho!
we've all been lovers—
A feast seemed spread on lips of red, and
I would move the covers;
And so — be still, my heart, nor thrill at
thought of olden glory—
I did what you perhaps would do— but
that's another story.
If .gods had planned her little hand to
thrill its place of resting:
If they had meant each dimple's dent to
. be Love's bourn of nesting;
If all their skill to lure and thrill they'd
lavished on one maiden,
Till she had art to steal a heart with
adoration laden—
In faith they did; her graces hid a charm
for my undoing;
Her. lips of rtU forever said, "Who would
not here be wooing?"
Her vagrant hair was like a snare to
seize my heart, the tory;
Love's longing grew till close I drew—
but that's another story.
Across the tide that stretches wide, the
tide of time and years,
I turn to-day where moonbeams play and
in my dream appears
The little g.ade where moonbeams
strayed and where the starlight shone,
And wander where I knew no care, and
wander rioc alone.
Again her hand by mine is spanned;
again her lips invite,
As if to say, "Please stray this way, al
though it is not right";
Again I hold, as in the old— ay, sing
love's song, and swell it!
But that's another story, and— l \u25a0 prom
ised not to tell it.
A BRIEF EXTRACT.
(From the glittering tale which is ex
tremely popular with twelve-year-old em
bryotic citizens.)
"His-s-st!"
The word was spoken by Terrible Tom,
the Sinister Sleuth of the Unwashed Ten
ements.
It died away in a long eerie wail, as
the Sinister Sleuth silently stood as if
awaiting his laundry bill.
"They are coming!" he murmured, in
voluntarily grasping closer the revolver
in his right hand and the gatling gun in
his left. '
There was a hush.
It grew louder.
Suddenly a somber procession stole si
lently into view from around the corner
of Wiggses' saloon.
The procession grew.
It grew some more.
They were the* Avengers of the Night.
Although the Night had n u . asked for
any Avengers.
There were twenty-nine of them.
They were on the train of Terrible Tom,
the Sinister Sleuth.
Terrible Tom raised his trusty revol
ver.
A loud report was heard.
He had tired. (/
The twenty-nine Terrible Avengers
were dead.
- Each one of them was dead.
"So were all of them.
The bullets had passed through twenty
nine hearts.
' It v hadn't missed a heart.
Each one of the bodies lay with its
head between the feet of the body be
hind it. .
Terrible Tom wept.
"Alas!" he moaned, "I have missed my
aim."
The left foot of one of the bodies was
three inches too far from the left ear
of the body In front of him.
The line was out of true! .
(To be continued in our next.)
Moral (merely dragged in, and not a
part of the story)— lf parents permit their
boys to read the "guff" of which the fore
going is a sample,- what should they,
or should they not, expect In the way of
results?
CONCERNING POLITICS.
The last resort of a politician who is a
knave is to pose as savior of men. He
hires a hall, ,or several halls, calls
attention to the wounds he has
received in the course of excor
iation for his rascality, and loudly pro
claims that they are the wounds pro
duced by his crown of thorns. And the
worst feature in the case is that he gen
erally prevails t>n many honest men, who
would like to see good government, to
believe in him. No false prophet is
without his rule believers; there is plenty
of genuine belief in a Dowie.
Petit juries have been misled when they
convicted my sub-rascals, says our king
rascal; grand juries have erred when
they told the truth concerning me; prose
cuting, officers have served the purposes,
of the gentiles: I admit that some of my
officials are Incarcerated, but they should
not have been— this is the crown of thorns
that I ha ve worn, and all in my desire
to help you.
And— make no mistake about it— this
flubdub too frequently is believed, and,
"This is our Savior!" the deceived ones
cry. Undeceive the men who want decent
government, let no rascal mislead them;
and the battle wjll be won; but as to how
this cood end is to be attained— that is
another and a more serious matter.
THOSE WHO ALMOST WIN.
I wonder what it is they lack;
I wonder what they need,
A NOVEL SIGNAL.
Faragon— Now, if anything should
happen to prevent you flying ' with
me to-night, can you devise a sig
nal that will notify me to that ef
fect? :.::::-f,-" .. . \u25a0 ,
Miss Wlllin— Well. I'll put a mush
melon on the windowalll. That s will
mean. we can't elope!
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
THE MODE PICTURESQUE
-THOSE long, closely fitting coats, relieved with a Jn t*e «*ont.
1 arc extremely becoming to the average figure, and when^ elderly P l *"?**
1 can be.made to assume a picture squeness of appearance that is stylish
to the lasi degree. The one illustrated shows the new shade ofchamb
yellow broadcloth, the shimmering satin fini3h being selected. ?**."**£\u25a0
coat is of the same tint brocaded satin, the design worked over with em
broidery stitches and fastening invisibly beneath the embroidered revere , on
the coat, that employs the same material. The sleeve Is the modish .halt
length, with an upward flaring cuff topping a lace ruffle that adds Quit* a
little to the length of the arm covering. The skirt Is one of those .circular
designs, escapes the ground all around and depends upon four tucks above
the hem for all of its trimming scheme. There is an lnterlinln 5 of princess
haircloth some six or eight Inches above the hem this affording the \u25a0 «mf- f J
hang to the skirt that is so cleverly Illustrated In the design pictured. « £
A Study of Obstinacy.
DOROTHY FENIMORE
rpHAT obstinacy is a sign of weak-
I ness of will, instead of volitional
* strength, as popularly supposed,
is the conclusion which Theodate
L. Smith, the psychologist, has reached,
after researches into the causes and
effects of human balkiness. That It Is
a common trait of the feeble-minded and
degenerate shows this; so also does the
fact that It is characterized by a loss
of muscular control.
The frequency with which young
children whose wills are weak are
seized by such attacks, and the relief
they seem to feel when helped back to
a normal state of mind and body by
tenderness and sympathy offers further
evidence in support of our hypothesis.
A final proof is lound in the testi
mony of adults who recall that in their
childish fits of willfulness often they
wished to yi^ld, but could not.
To mothers who have boys and girls
that become stiff and mute In response
to a "must" or "must not." or that
grow limber, like Tommy in "Lovey
Mary," whenever their wills are
crossed. Miss Smith sounds both a note
of hope and a note of warning.
Obstinacy in early childhood Is a
normal symptom. Poor health and
fatigue are ordinary exciting causes;
yet r perfectly healthy child may suffer
as much as a sick one, and be more
difficult to manage. For he is naturally
egoistic, and when his will, which is as
emotional and Impulsive as his instinc
tive desires are strong, comes into con
flict with autnority. it is stunned by
the very force of its own Impetus.
Yet this tendency must be overcome,
since it is through self-control alone
that strength will be developed. Train
ing in obedience is training of the will.
Who almost reach the goal desired.
And never quite succeed?^ :
The man who fails, and wholly falls.
We lose him in the din.
But here's a sigh, or haply two.
For those who almost win.
They see the trophy they would win
Almost within their grasp.
But when they strive to seize It then.
The prize they fail to grasp.
I think the most unhappy wights
Who hold misfortune kin
Are not the ones who ne'er had hope,
. But those who almost win.
To almost grasp the thing desired,
GAVE HIM ATVAJ.
Mrs. Askitt— I heard you had a
surprise party at your house yes
terday. «,
Mrs. Tellltt (absently)— Yes —my
husband gave me $10 without my
asking for It.
The stronger your child's sense of per
sonality Is the harder your task will
be. but the more lasting will be the
effects of a victory.
At the moment of the obstinacy It
may be desirable to leave ' the child
alone, In order that his physical and
mental strain may both diminish. But
you must keeD to your word and exact
obedience.
To appreciate the good sense of Miss
Smith's point of view one has only to
observe how many obstinate people
there are among the world's failures.
To have your own way every time,
just because it Is your way, means get
ting Into the mo3t hopeless kind of
rut. You come to see only one side
of the question — your side. You be
come a slave of habit of the, thins: that
you like to do. or are used to doing.
Worse yet. you are as unreasonable
and as narrow-sighted as a balky old
horse in blinders.
There is before us at this moment
an instructive example of national ob
stinacy. The sardine fishermen of
Brittany — that country of stupidly^j
stinate men — are facing starva'lflj-j,
simply because they will not give xtp
an old and impracticable method for
a new one which would serve them
better under existing 1 conditions.
A trust has been formed to control
the Norwegian market of the cod roe
which has been used in Brittany as
bait to attract the fish to the nets, and
the price has been put up so high that
the fishermen can no longer afford to
buy it. But so great Is their obstinacy
in preserving an ancestral custom that
they -would rather starve than use th»
device which the government advo
cates, after scientific experiment, of
luring the fish to the nets by means of
acetylene lamps immersed In the water.
Then lose it with a sigh;
To view the rainbow wings of hope*
And then to see it die —
Ah, you may shed what tears you will
For those who ne'er begin. .
But here's a sigh, or haply two.
For those who almost win.
" "What can you say of the reputation
of the defendant?"
"Well, for some time past he has been
the president of a life Insurance com
pany and—"
"That's enough. You may take your
seat."
*'f un»Wih*t*!v^ *\»v*r cvwJi Is keep-
In^ ho«i** f^f >^wi whU«* your wife Is .
at the sn*«i>h>n*v" j
"Y»n»'w <Mv«* My *lf« U keep- «.
\n& ho>u<w fvr w* v*hU» wur cook la
At the p«a*JuMr*-"SOJOURNERS IN COUNTRY
ARE NOW RETURNING HOME
Mamj- Betrothals
Are Announced
Hereabouts.
WEDDING BELLS
RING MERRILY
Ceremonies Dup
ing the Past
Week.
The social season is in good swing,
each week Increasing: the announce
ments of festivity. Clubs are enjoying
their initial dances and meetings, while
homes are fast opening their doors to
card parties, luncheons and teas.
Cupid's contribution to events of
pleasure's world have been correspond
ingly generous, his energies speaking
noticeably for future affairs.
EXGAGE3IE.NTS.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Thomas of St.
l»uis announce the engagement of their
daughter, Josephine Newell, to Dr. G.
Uorden Yount of this city. The bride
to-be is a Californian, but moved some
time ago with her parents to St. Louis,
their present home. Miss Thomas is a
graduate of Hosmer Hall, St. Louis,
having also previously attended the
Philadelphia Collegiate Institute.
The young people have grown up to
gether and this romance is the outcome
of a life-long friendship.
Dr. Yount is a practicing dentist of
this city, having graduated from the
dental department of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons. Xo date has
been set for the wedding.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. E. Pollock announce
the engagement of their daughter,
Mary E., to Joseph L. Beviloekway of
this city. The wedding will take place
next spring:.
Mr. and Airs. M. Celler announce the
engagement of their daughter, Cecilia,
to Joseph Simon. A reception will be
h«ld Sunday, October 29, at 260 Octavia
street, from '1 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Xovinsky announce
the engagement of their daughter.
Dora, to Samuel Rosenman.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Cohn of 176S O'Far
rell street, formerly of Dallas, Texas,
announce the engagement of their
daughter, Pauline, to Abraham Levin.
A reception will be held at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. Cohn next Sunday, Oc
tober 22, from 2 to 5.
WEDDINGS.
Mrs. Kamp G. Cooper has announced
in Denver the marriage of her daugh
ter. Clara Louise, to Edwin Stiltz Rust
of Berkeley. The wedding took place
In Oakland on September 27, the cere
mony being performed by the Rev.
Thomas McSweeney, pastor of St.
Francis de Sales Church.
The bride is the daughter of the late
Kemp G. Cooper, owner and manager
of the Denver Republican. Until she
left Denver to enter the University of
California Mrs. Rust was a member
of Denver society's younger set.
Mr. Rust, who is a son of E. C. Rust,
a newspaper man of California, has
been a student of mining engineering
et this State university, but has re
cently accepted a position with a min
ing company of Mexico, where he will
soon take his bride.
The marriage of Miss Olevine Eliza
beth Plante and William Shannon
Jlancke will take place to-morrow
evening at Trinity Presbyterian Church,
the ceremony to be performed at 9
o'clock. The bride is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Raymond H. Plante.
Miss Eda Llpman and Mr. Blum were
married yesterday at the California
Hotel.
The marriage of Miss Susie Frances
Abbott and Stanley Webster of Brook
lyn. X. V., took place Thursday evening
at 8 o'clock at the Central Methodist
Church, this city. A reception was
hrld at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Rolla
V. Watt after the ceremony.
The bride is the daughter of William
Abbott of the Methodist Book Concern.
The wedding of Miss Frieda Lehman
and Herman Strecker was celebrated on
the evening of October 10 in a downtown
restaurant, the hall of which was at
tractively decorated for the occasion in
uhlte chrysanthemums and roses. The
bride, a resident of Stockton, is the
daughter of the late Heinrich Lehman,
veil known In th» San Joaquin Valley.
The wedding gown was of white crepe
de chine, a veil completing the costume.
Miss Addle Saundors, as bridesmaid,
was gowned in blue silk mull.
After the ceremony, performed by Rev.
Mr. Fuendellng. a banquet was served.
during which many toasts were offered.
Guftav Maiwald giving an original poem
upon the occasion.
Dancing followed, lasting until a late
hour, after which Mr. and Mrs. Strecker
departed for a tour of Northern Califor
nia. They will make their home on Rob
erts Island, where Mr. Strecker has a
large farm.
These guests were present at the wed
ding festivities:
Mr. and Mrs. Ado'.ph Strecker, Mr. and
POSTUM CEREAJL.
A HILL TALE
A Blunt Old Colorado Mlnrr on Poatum.
A clergyman may he eloquent, may
use the choicest language, dressing 1 his
earnest desire to help his fellow man
In the most elevated, chaste and beauti-
ful language, and yet not touch the
hearts of his hearers. Another man,
having little education and no grace
of speech whatsoever, may tell his nc«-
tsage in the common, everyday vernacu-
lar he Is used to, and the simple faith
that glows with him carries quick con-
viction with It. Such a man writes
from the towering peaks of Colorado,
preaching of Postum:
"I had drunk coffee all niy life until
It about killed" me, when I concluded
to try Postum, and In a short time I
pot relief from the terrible misery 'I
euffered from coffee.
"When I drank coffee I bloated up bo
that I could not breathe at times; my
nerves were so shaky that I could not
hold -myself still.
"But thanks to Postum I am all well ;
row and can say that I hope to re- j
main so. J
•'I-was very much disgusted with it;
the first time I tried it, but had it made '
stronger and boiled longer till it tasted
as good as good coffee."
No amount of rhetorical frills and
literary riollsh could add to the con-
vincing power of the old miner's tes-
timony. Name given by the Postum
Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
There's a reason.
Look in each package for the famous
little book, "The Roaa to WeHrlUo.'*
FORMER SAN FRAXCISCO GIRL. XOW A RESIDENT OF ST. LOUIS. WHOSE
ENGAGEMENT TO DR. G. BORDBN YOUNT Of THIS CITY HAS BEEN AN
NOUNCED. NO DATE HAS BEEN SET FOR THE WEDDING.
Mrs. Hugo Scheunert, Mr. and Mrs. C.
R. Happ, Mr. and Mrs. William Glinde
man. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Wllle. Mr.
and Mrs. William Sierk, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Muller, Mr. and Mrs. Herman
Hohn, Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Bruse, Mr.
and Mrs. Detlef Muller, Helen Strecker,
Henry Lehman, Herbert Lehman, Anita
Lehman. Minnie Lehman, Arnold Streck
er, Rudolph Strecker, Henry Wille, Mrs.
Koehnen, Frieda Koehnen, Clara Koeh
nen, Mrs. Henry Schroer. Marie and Carl
Schroer, Gustave Maiwald, Miss Mal
wald, Mrs. " Agnes Gernant. Julia Ger
nant. Addle Saunders. the Misses Bruse,
Harry Bruse. Mitta Colon, Mrs. George
Beck and Miss Beck.
Miss Gertrude Louise Clay and Aldis
Bernard Fields were married October 11
by the Rev. C. Calvert Smoot.
lIO.MK PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Wilhelm celebrated
their tenth wedding anniversary last
Monday evening at their residence. 428
Capp street. The Interior of the house
was uniquely decorated; portieres made
of pieces of tin dazzled the eye.
while' vases of exotics and roses lent
beauty to the scene. The banquet hall,
which Is one of the distinguishing fea
tures of the Wilhelm home, was be
decked with flags, bunting and ever
greens. J. H. Hargens ably acted as
toastmaster, and many impromptu
speeches were delivered at the board,
while music and song fittingly added to
the gayety that caused the hours to slip
away quickly. The guests were: Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Hargens, Mrs. H. Steinegger,
Mrs. J. M. Buehler. Mr. and Mrs. George
Hargens. Mr. and Mrs. J. Horrlsberger,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Wilhelm, Mr.
and Mrs. Emil Hargens, Mrs. Lund, H.
Boese, Miss Lula Wilhelm, Frank Bueh
ler, Mr. and Mrs. Peter Spreckels, Edwin
Horrisberger, Miss Alma Wilhelm, Miss
Edna Hargens, Master Walter Wilhelm,
Master August C. Wilhelm, Mrs. Emil
Steinegger and Miss Luvla Horrisberger.
Mrs. John Harold Philip entertained re
cently In her new home on Steiner street
in honor of Mrs. George Tremont Hunter
of New York.
The visitor, who leaves for her home
this week, will be the recipient ,to-day of
attention from Mrs. C. M. Lane and
Mrs. Lane-Ryan. . <j
Miss Kate McGlynn entertained several
friends last Monday evening at the home
of Mrs. Lyons on Oak street, the occa
sion being a celebration of the hostes?'
birthday. Music and reading occupied
a large part of the evening, the follow
ing guests enjoying the programme: Ro
sie McGlynn. Grace Scully, Mary Hyde,
Delia Berry, Adah Berry, Zulletta Berry.
Iflbella Clark. Gladys Clark, Frances
Meagen, Nora Flynn. Mabel Ogilvie.
Laura Brown. Mrs. J. L. Lyons, Mrs. R.
Clark, Ignatius La Presti, Joseph Galan.
Harold Druhan. Arno Mansfield, George
Gallagher. Louis Gerelotti. William Mc-
Glynn. Eugene Sullivan. Leo Lyons, Al
len Burns. Willis. Ogilvie, Gene Thorn
ton and Chester Hammersmith.
Miss Isabella yon Rhein was recently
the recipient of a party, in honor of her
eighteenth birthday at her handsome new
horn*». The evening was spent In dancing
and games, in the latter of which Misses
F. Churchill and H. Dauson. Messrs.
George Howe and T. January were award
ed prizes. Those present were: Misses
Dauson, Flo. Churchill, E. Gately, G.
Logan, H. O'Neill, M. Gilmore, I. Mon
roe. I yon Rhein, Messrs. F. Sullivan, S.
Peterson, R. Wilson. J. January, Albert
Harrison. N. English. P. Richardson, G.
Horn. W. Williams and Van Churchill.
CLUB PARTIES.
The new directorate of the Woman's
Auxiliary to the British and .American
Union will entertain members and gueiits
to-day from 2 to 5 in Utopia Hall, 223 Sut
! ter street. \*
i The newly-elected officers are Mrs. G.
Alexander Wright, president; Mrs. Wll-.
Ham Greer Harrison, first vice president;
Mrs. G. Childs Macdonald, second vice
president; Mrs. Edward Thayer, treas
urer; Mrs. W. Muhlner, recording secre
tary. Mrs. Mary Bruker, corresponding
secretary.
The sixteenth season of the Entre No^is
Cotillon Club will be inaugurated with
an assembly and german to take 'place
In the ballroom of the Palace Hotel, Oc
tober 27. .
Mrs. John S. Adams was hostess at a
meeting of the Lincoln Ladies' Whist
Club, the first "of the season. The mem
bers met last Friday, contesting, for
prizes, which were won by Mrs. E. Koe
nlg. Mrs. S. McFadden and Mrs. K. E.
Galnes.-"
The club meets - every first and third
Friday of the month. Mrs. James T.
Donovan is to be the next hostess.
The California branch of the Interna- <
- • \u25a0 -
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, 1 :MON DAY; -OCTOBER 16/ lyus:
tional Order of King's Daughters and
Sons will tender a reception to Mrs. Mar
garet Bottome and Miss Georgle Libbey,
two members of the Central Council, Oc
tober 26, in the parlors of the Occidental
Hotel.
The affair will take place in the after
neon, Mrs. Bottome to make an address
at the Howard Methodist Episcopal
Church in .the evening.
The Uno Club held Its first dance for
the season last Friday evening in Golden
Gate Hall. Decoration with electrical
illumination gave a very >pretty; effect- to
the largo room, which was filled with
guests, who. thoroughly enjoyed the occa
s.on. Those* in charge and to whom suc
cess was due Included William Nienburg,
Arthur Thode, Lorenz Hansen, Fred
Selk, Henry Joost, Phil VogeL.'R. J.
Wood. Fletcher Kelty, Georgo Besthorn,
Chris Mues and R. Wilkes.
The Deutscher Club gave a concert in
its club rooms on Eddy street last Fri
day evening, under the direction of Paul
Steindorff. the following programme be
ing well attended and thoroughly en-
Joyed :
Recitative Ariar- from Freischuetz (Yon
Weber), Miss Bertha Arendts; prologue
from I. Pagliaccl (Leoncavallo), B.
Baruch; two songs (Meyer Hellmund),
Miss Belle Levingston; recitation, Edwin
Brandt; "Doubt Not" (Roma), Mrs. R.
E. .Jftevalk; two songs (selected), Miss
Bertha Arendts; "Concert 'Polonaise"
(Popper), Paul Friedhoffer; "Die Beidcn
Geradiere (Schumann),' B. Baruch; "A
Surprise." At the piano— Mrs. C. H.
Smith, H. J. Curtaz. Paul Steindorff.
PERSONAL.
Mrs. R. S. Albert of Redwood City has
been a guest at the Presidio during the
past week. Mrs. Albert is a daughter of
Captain Grant Marsh, and was with her
father on board the steamer Far West
during the Custer, massacre.
Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Isaacs have returned
from a brief trip, and are residing at 1817
Devisadero street.
The wedding of Mr. Isaacs and Miss
Louise L. Ellison took place quietly on
October 7, Rev. M. S. Levy performing
the ceremony. Mr. Isaacs is in the City
Attorney's office.
E. D. Sachs has returned from a
several months', tour of Alaska.
Mrs. Louis Taußsig, who is soon to
leave for New York, will be at home
Wednesday, October 18, at the residence
of her niece, Miss Blanche Mohr, 2118
Post street.
Mrs. Claude R. King (Florence Hult
berg-Smith). left last week for a few
months' visit In New York.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Shemanski announce
the confirmation of their son Joseph, to
take place next Saturday, October 21,
at Temple Israel, California and Web
ster streets.'
A reception will be held at the She
manski home. 1014 Jackson street, Sun
day, October 22, from 2 to 5.
Professor D. M. Lawrence and Mrs.
H. A. Chlttenden-Law-rence have re
turned from a tour of the United States,
during which. time they visited all the
principal cities, stopping at the Port
land Fair on the return.trip. Professor
and Mrs. Lawrence are at the Empress.
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. McGowan , of
Selgler Springs are the guests of Dr.
and Mrs. C. Basford of Lakeport, and
are making a cruise with their house
boat on Clear Lake.
Rev. Joseph Wlllner Is making a five
weeks' trip to Guatemala, having been
called on .church matters.
But a Few Dnyu Remain to Send for
• Yonr Eustern Friends.
The low rate* ; colonist .tickets for passage
from Eastern. points to California will be sold
only up to and Including October 31. Deposit
the cost of the ticket with any Southern Pa
clflc agent and the ticket will be furnished the
passenger in the East. $50 from New York.
$33 from Chicago,' s2s from Omaha. Similar
low rates from other points. Particulars of
Southern Pacific jagent. • ,
Doctor, a \ Counterfeiter.
CHRISTIANIA, Oct." 15.— For a long time
spurious crown pieces have been in circu
lation | in Christiania, ; the ; police not being
able to apprehend Hhe coiners. Recently
they found a clew, which pointed .3 to a
doctor ias the coiner. ; On his ; house being
searched appliances for;, making : money
were found.., The' doctor_said that he had
simply been experimenting with coins and
that he had * never \u0084 put ; spurious \ money
Into circulation. An j Investigation, " how
ever, proved the /contrary. The . doctor,
who does not possess'a practice, \had been
forced \u25a0 into coining -] through" poverty. \u25a0 .
The "Old Friends',' will meet Thurs;
iifiht," 533 Kearny ;r sL J. E. Slinkey, Sec*
LANDMARKS NIGHT PROMISES
TO BE BRILLIANT SUCCESS.
Daughters of Pioneers -Will Be Hostesses
SUFFRAGISTS TO MEET IN CONVENTION
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
"Landmarks Night" of the Pioneers'
Daughters— October 24— is getting on fa
mously. '. •
; Never was such enthusiasm shown .in
behalf of California's historic landmarks
as now. The people have at last awak
ened to their r civic obligation, and though
the response has come upon the eve of
dissolution.'it comes not too late, and the
honor of the State is in a 1a 1 fair 'way -to' be
saved— thanks to"* the splendid service of
the Daughters of California Pioneers. !
All Oalifornians know the dissoluble
quality of adobe. All Californians know
that an unprotected adobe structure melts
away before the rains of winter, and
this is the proposition that now confronts
the Landmarks League in its endeavor to
save -the Mission San Antonio de Padua
in Monterey County.
As has been told before,* the league has
restored the two great walls of the beau
tiful old chapel— the most picturesque old
mission north of Santa Barbara— but
scarcity of funds has prevented the lay
ing '• of the roof over them.- Thus they
have stood for over a year, imperfectly
protected with makeshifts of lumber and
tar paper, while the lumber for the roof
has lain pitifully useless in the patio— all
bt- cause the people of- California didn't
care — or perhaps they didn't know.
But the people of San Francisco know
now— and they are proving that they
care.
They have grasped the fact that the
precious old heirloom of the nation must
be saved now or never, and they have se r ,
to work to save it, under the leadership
of the Daughters of the California Pio
neers.
And it seems eminently fit that these
daughters of pioneer sires should helD in
the patriotic work, even, as did; the Na
tive Sons and the Native Daughters at
previous .times of stress.
And this is how the Daughters propose
to help: They will give a "Landmarks
Night" at th£ Pioneer Hall on the 28th
that will set a new stancard for future
entertainment, for behold a partial re
cital of what will be offered— and for 50
cents, j?ood friend.
Lecture, • with 125 rare illustrations,
upon "Historic Landmarks of California,"
by Congressman Joseph R. Knowland.
Solo by Miss Kathrin Hilke, the famous
soprano soloist of Damrosch's Choral
Union, and of St. Patrick's choir of New
York, now visiting here.
Knickerbocker Quartet.
Music by the Presidio band.
Dancing after the lecture.
Card tournament, whist or 500, in re- ,
ception room (concurrent with the lec
ture), with accommodation and prizes for
500 guests.
Allurements of a Dunch bowl.
Seduction of a Turkish room, where
cigars and cigarettes of a. humane quality
may be enjoyed.
Now, aside from patriotic impulses,
doesn't that programme offer you your
moneys worth?
Then the half-dollar you pay at the
door— no. more, lest you be thirsty or
need a smoke— will help to save to Cali
fornia one of her most valuable assets
and dearest possessions.
You will come?
There will be an abundance of pretty
maids -to- serve you—and some charming
women to look after you.
The affair. Is under the general super
vision of Mrs. Sidney Smith Palmer, pres
ident of the Daughters, and the Immedi
ate direction of Mrs. E. J. Foster, chair
man. \u25a0
* * '
Apropos of the people's awakening, it
is a joy to relate that the Papyrus Club
(Mrs. A. S. Leake, president) has sent a
check to the president of the Pioneer
Daughters to help the cause along. And
it is interesting to note that such action
has come unsolicited from a club that is
essentially not a working club.
Two important affairs are on the cards
this week— the reception to Governor and
Mrs. Pardee by the California Club on
Tuesday afternoon, and the annual con
vention of the California Equal Suffrage
Association on Friday and Saturday at
Wheeler's Auditorium, 1215 Sutter street.
The California Club will have the honor
of listening to the Governor in a little
heart-to-heart talk.presumably upon some
educational topic, sine/? the day is under
the direction ' of the department of edu
cation, Mrs. John Buss chairman. The
afternoon will afford many interesting
people an opportunity to look over the
stunning new clubhouse — the . first
woman's clubhouse in California.
* * *
As to 'the -State Suffrage Association's
convention of Friday and Saturday, 'It
promises much of interest, as leaders in
the cause of "equal justice to all" will
foregather from every burg in the State
—and the burg Is pretty small now. that
hasn't a suffrage club in it.
The following is the announcement sent
broadcast through the State: /.
"Although the last Legislature of Cal
ifornia' refused to submit. an amendment
of the constitution to the voters grant
ing full suffrage to the women of the
State, we, the womSn of California/know
no defeat, and are resolved to carry; on
with increased vigor the agitation for po
litical equality. "We demand equal priv
ileges for all citizens without regard to
sex. ' •: "-'\u25a0.. ;\'.'
•'Henry Blackwell, that earnest worker
for all that is uplifting to humanity,' says,
'We shall never have good government
until it ' is made by men and ' women— a
constituency too ..numerous to be bribed,
and too independent to be coerced.'
"A cordial invitation Is extended to all
men and women 'who believe In the
American principle of 'equal Justice to all'
to meet with us in convention to review,
the work of the past and plan for the
future. ; "
"Honorary presidents— Mrs. Ellen C.
Sargent, Mrs. Caroline M. Severance,
Mrs. Rebecca B. Spring; president, Mrs.
Mary S. Sperry; vice presidents— Mrs.
Anna R. Bidwell, Dr. Charlotte Baker;
recording secretary. Miss Jessie Anthony;
corresponding: secretary,; Mrs. H. J. ; D.
Chapman; ".treasurer,; _ Miss Clara M.
Schlingheyde; auditors — Miss Josephine
R. Cole, Miss Annie iL. Corbert." .
-Apropos- of. the suffrage movement, it is
of interest to note" that 333 organizations
in the : United States : other than suffrage
societies have officially indorsed woman's
suffrage.- '\u25a0 \u25a0 *•? •
The American Federation of Labor has
adopted, the following resolution:
' VReoolved,>That the best interests' "of
labor require the ; admission of women ;to
full citizenship as, a matter. of justice to
them and ;as «a necessary.; step;, toward
insuringand' raising the scale of wages
for all.' 1 ':'-—'--\u25a0•- \ \u25a0' , ,
Other national organizations which have
adopted resolutions dealing with the same
phaße '\u25a0> of the < question - are v; the % National
Grange, National; Letter; Carriers' Asso
ciation, National • .Women's Single-Tax
League, 1 -' National Women's Christian
Temperance '\u25a0} -.-Union, ; .; National , education
Association,;! National ? Congress ', of. I Moth-1
ers,: Catholic /Women's 4 League, .National
Council .'of .Women, ' Western •" Federation
of Miners 'and \u25a0 the International Typo- j
graphical . Union. ..'•: !.\u25a0/\u25a0-•'\u25a0 '. ; j
- Isn't \u25a0 that , a;\u25a0 pretty. 1 fair; showing^ for \u25a0 a-•a -•
movement 1 that ten years 'ago ( was smoth-;
ered. under " ; ridicule?— another :\u25a0: case Jof j
justice and right breaking • down preju
dice.- \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0;'\u25a0; :' - o \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-'• ':\u25a0\u25a0•"'\u25a0? \u25a0'\u25a0 : -\'\
$&*>&'* *
ir To-day the Daughters of California
Pioneers will hold their monthly meeting
at Pioneer Hall, when the following pro
gramme will be presented:
Address, "Some Oriental Cities," Mrs.
Clara Dolliver Burtchaell; piano solo,
"Spinning Song" (Raff)'. Reginald Aguel
lo; contralto solos (selected), Mrs. John
Jacob Apple; soprano solos (selected),
Mrs. Richmond Kevalk, -Mrs. Stadtmul
ler, accompanist.
* * •
The \u25a0 Outdoor League enjoyed a cozy
little luncheon on Saturday in the Cali
ifornia Club house. The menu was simple
but the toasts were rich and satisfying,
for the subject was "Man." Each mem
ber had something to say about him. The
great man— the vain man— the fat man—
the good man— in fact, Man in many, of
his phases was presented, and yet the
subject was not exhausted and will be
resumed at another luncheon to occur
next month.
* ! -;' \u2666 \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0•. *
The regular, meeting of. the Equal Suf
frage League will be held at Golden Gate
Hall Wednesday, October 18, at 3 p. m..
at which a full attendance is requested.
MODERN WOODMEN
ARRANGE' A HUNT
Unique Entertainment Is
Planned by Mont ana Mem
bers of the Order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOZBMAN, Mont., Oct. 15.— The 250
members of the Modern Woodmen of
American in this city are making prep
arations for their annual hunt, which
will occur October 29, 30, 31 and No
vember 1. The event promises to be
extremely unique. Two captains have
been elected to lead the hunters —
George. Whitney and J. M. Pratt— both
of whom enjoy the reputation of being
crack shots. Two lists of the Wood
men who desire to hunt will be made
and from these the captains will take
turns in choosing those whom they de
sire on their respective sides, In much
the same manner as the old spelling
matches were conducted. It is thought
there wlll # be about one hundred nlm
rods on each side, who will hunt for
a part of the time or for the whole four
days as they, are able.
Game will be counted according to
the effort required in this locality to
procure, as follows Elk, 6000 points;
bear, 5000; mountain goat, 5000; deer,
3000; grouse, 500; ducks, 100; chickens,
.100; pheasants, 10; rabbits, 20; trout,
50, and whlteflsh, 40.' All game must
be delivered to the appointed judges
before 10 o'clock on the morning of
November 2 at the place designated and
any received after that hour will not
be c counted. The side securing the
greater number of points will be de
clared the winner and the losing side
will be obliged to treat at a game sup
per the night of November 2 The
game for the supper must be furnished
by the losers. The Royal Neighbors
will assist in preparing the tempting
viands for the banquet at which . 300
covers' will be laid. The contest is
already arousing much interest and
many. ' wagers have been made.
PRINCE OF WALES
HAS YANKEE JOCKEY
Engages J. H. Martin at
High Salary for the
Season.
LONDON, Oct. 15— When the Prince of
Wales commences to put his horses on
the race track next year an American
Jockey will be retained. According to the
latest report from well authenticated
sources in Newmarket, where the Prince's
stables are situated, the choice has fallen
on J. H. Martin. The Prince will have
first call on him, and for this right he
will nay $10,000 a year, exclusive of the
ordinary riding fees regulated by the
jockey club.
The Prince, like his father, would like
to secure Maher, but Maher's present
employer. Sir James Miller, Is too wealthy
a man to allow any one to outbid him for
the services of his favorite Jockey.
As usual, there is considerable jealousy
exhibited among English jockeys who ex
pected to be Invited to be the favorite of
the* Prince of Wales. Martin has hitherto
been practically a free lance, but: those
who understand jockeyshlp know that he
has no superior on the English race
track.
As he will be eligible to ride for ather
owners when not called upon by the
Prince's stables. Martin's income for 1 1906
ought to reach $20,000.
POSTOFFICE AUTHORITIES
' ARREST A FORMER CLERK
John Seeley. was arrested last even
ing at Twelfth and Market streets by
Postal Inspector James O'Connell and
Detectives Braig and Taylor and .will
be sent back to Pittsburgh, Kan., where,
it Is alleged, he jumped a 5500 bail
bond.
.Seeley was arrested in Pittsburg,
where he acted as mall clerk, on Jan
uary 4, 1902, and charged with opening
United States; mall. He was released
on $500 bail, but when his case was
called he did nA appear. On March 30,
1902, he Joined the Ninth Artillery, then
stationed at Sherman, Texas, and was
discharged in- this city last March. . He
has since been '.TCorkingr in a grocery
store in : this city.'
|fjj jT. Hi II^n^BSBBWSB»fsT IL. CTWi NH
Hfß *Bm ffi BsTsft wl Bell
Mellin's Food is endorsed by the phy-
."\u25a0• siciansr", Hundreds, of doctors are
using Mellin's Food in their own fam-
ilies for ; theirlown " children. ; If Mel-
lin's Food is'good for the doctor's baby
,•" it ought \u25a0 to: : be,' good for your baby.
;•„ Let us know Jf; you would like to try
V Mellin's Food andwe will send you a
sample .bottle free of charge.
riellin's Food it the ONLY Infants'
Food,* which received the Grand Prize.
\u25a0 i che highest award of the Louisiana Por-
r.hase Exposition, St. Loal*. 1904. Hi;h-
«r than a sold medal.
MELLIN'S' FOOD CO,': BOSTON. MASS.
Alwey s Remember the Fall JN ame
g axative ftromo Qvmme
Cores a Cold in One Day, CrfjTm 2 Dayi
<<?. S<Tj£Znn*t^ ben. 25c
MURDERS WIFE
OF HIS OWN SON
Suicide of Aged Man Follows
the Fatal Shooting of His
Young Daught er-in-Law
TRAGEDY- IN A HACK
Letter in Woman's Purse In
dicates That Husband Was
Wronged by His Father
SIOUX CITY, la., Oct. 15.— While
driving in a hack from a hotel to a
railway station here to-day, E. H.
Uarrow, aged 60, shot and killed his
son's wife, Lilian. Darrow, aged 25, and
then shot and killed himself.
The hack driver," immediately upon
hearing the first shot and without stop
ping to investigate, started for the po
lice station. When the police station
was reached both occupants of the
carriage, sitting upright on opposite
seats, were found to be dead.
• The cause of the tragedy is not
known. E. H. Darrow and the woman
came to the Arcade Hotel in this city
on October 10,. registering as "E. H.
Darrow and wife." This afternoon
they started for the railway station,
ostensibly to take a train for Sioux
Falls, the home of Mr. Darrow's son.
The murdered woman formerly was
Miss Lilian Morrison, a school teacher.
Five years ago she was married to
W. E. Darrow and they removed to
Bellefourche, S. D.
Letters were found In the woman's
purse, unsigned but apparently from
her husband, saying the writer was
dying of a broken heart.
AJ)VERTIST^IEXTS.
CRISIS OFJIRLHOOD
A TIME OF PAIN AMD PERIL
Miss Emma Cole Says that Lydia B
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has
Saved Her Life and Made Her Well
How many lives of beautiful young
girls have been sacrificed just as they
were ripening into womanhood I How
many irregularities or displacements
have been developed at this important
period, resulting in years of suffering !
g Jtdisj 'em ma cJo/p /\
Girls' modesty and oversensitiveness
often puzzle their mothers and baffle
physicians, because they withhold their
confidence at this critical period.
A mother should come to her child's
aid and remember that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound' will at this
time prepare the system for the coming
change and start the menstrual period
in a yoimg girl's life without pain or
irregularities.
Miss EmmaColeof Tullahoma, Term.,
writes:
Dear Mrs. Finkham; —
" I want to tell you that I am enjoying bet-
ter health than I have for years, aid I owe
it all to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound.
'• When fourteen years of age I suffered al-
most constant pain, and for two or. three
years I had soreness and pain in my side,
headaches and was dizzy and nervous, ana
doctors all failed to help me.
" Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
was recommended, and after taking it my
health began to improve rapidly, and I think
it saved my life. I sincerely hope my experi-
ence will be a help to other girls who are pass-
ing from girlhood to womanhood, for I know
your Compound will do as much for them."
If . you know of any young girl who is
pick and needs motherly advice ask her
to write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass.,
and she will receive free advice which
will put her on the right road to a strong,
healthy and happy womanhood. .
THE
PALACE
HOTEL
Compressd Air cleaning plant.
, Room telephones.
Eteam beat . and ' on«n fires.
Perfect ventilation. \u25a0 ' i
Pip* organ and orchestr*.
Perfect service.
Unexcelled cuUint.
. Every luxury attainable.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT C* A T A T5 BelM «» * Mayer.
; Business Manager.
TO-XIGHT— 3IATS. SAT. AXD SlT>\
First Time in Stock — Winston Churchill's Great
v._ - Civil War Romance.
The CRISIS
As Acted by James K. Hackett.
Eves., 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat., Sun.. 23c to 80c.
MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
NEXT M ON— First Time In This City
Clyde Fitch's Eccentric Comedy,
APRIL WEATHER
-\ Ac Played by Sol Smith RusseEL
SOON — Virginia Hsrned's IRIS.
CENTRALS
Market Street • Near Eighth: Opp.. City Hall.
Phone South 633.
' TO-NIGHT— ALIi WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND S UNDAY.
The Thrilling Melodrama,
m RACKED AROUND
THE WORLD"
ICO • People en the Stage! * Gorgeous Scenery!
.-•'• POPULAR PRICES — Evenings. lCc to 30c;
Matinees, 10c, 15c and 25c. ' r
Next— "THE GIRL, ENGINEER."
Jran —si * i \u25a0 \u25a0 t - * ,2^7.-'.
\u25a0AMt'SE.MEXT'I.
iffffiVQLfcoss
GRAND OPERA
TO-MORROW NIGHT and SATURDAT MAT.
1L BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA
• With TETRAZZINI. bazeiH. GregoretU.
Dado. Cervl.
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS
CARMEN
With Alice Ccleman. Ticci. Coppola. Mono,
BRB Orvi.
THURSDAY NIGHT
SONNAMBULA
With TETRAZZINI. Bazetlt. Gregorettt.
FRIDAY NIGHT
With Petrella. Grasse. Angfcrtettl, SaUaM.
SUNDAY NIGHT.
RIGOLETTO
With TETRAZZINI. Bazelll and Gregorettl.
NOTE— NEXT WEEK'S REPERTOIRE WILL.
BE ANNOUNCED IN TO-MORROW MORN-
ING'S PAPERS.
IYIUC fPOLJL
MSai 119 EDDY ST. Jfl. JJLASOVc MASON
TO-NIGHT AND THURSDAY NIGHT.
SATURDAY MATINEE. OCT. SI.
HAROLD BAUER
PIANIST
Reserved Seats. $?. (1 50 and |1. Now «•
sale at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
Mason and Ham ll n Piano Used.
extra! extra:: extra :k '.
BPS EMMA
IIfIEAMES
ALHAMBRA THEATER
THURSDAY NIGHT. OCT. 28.
SATURDAY MATINEE, OCT. SS.
Seats. $3. $2. SI 50 and $1. Ready next
Thursday at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
Baldwin Piano Uaed.
f*fil lIMDIA sm raaosare
vULUnflBi A mm m&
SECOND AND I*AST WEEK.
LAST SIX NIGHTS — MAT. SAT.
ELE^ OR ROBSON
In Her London. New York and San Francisco
Success.
"MERELY MARY ANN"
A Natural Comedy by Israel Zanswlll.
Commencing NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Following His Great Australian Triumphs,
ANDBEWMACK
In His Most Successful Irish Comedy.
"TOM MOORE."
. S#at Sale Opens Thursday.
WIRELESS "TELEGRAPHY,
Demonstrated by Captain Blooms
The Three Neraroa; Raymond anil Car-
erly; Dean Edaall and Arthur Forbeat
ARTHUR PRINCE;
The Melanl Trio; Brownlns and U'ally«
Orpheam Motion Pictures, and
LESLIE & DAILEY.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurf-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prlcesr— loc. • 25c and 00c
V BUSH STREET
PHONE MAIN 127.
CHAS. P. HALL ; Manag»r
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
MATINEES TUES.. FRU SAT- SUJf.
The World Famous
"MAY HOWARD
EXTRAVAGANZA CO."
. Presenting
• "Mile. Fi-Fi" and "TUB Boanders"
Evening Prices I3c to 730
Matinees 25 cents, reserved
Next Week— "The Star Show Glrta."
GRAND ggggg
EVERY NIGHT— MAT. SATURDAT
Th» Most Popular American Play.
IN OLD
KENTUCKY
The Greatest of All Horse Race*.
THE FAMOUS PICKANINNY BRASS BAND *
50 Rollicking. Frolicking. Comical Pickaninnies
cox™." BE N-HUR"
majestic™
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Thursday. Saturday 4k Sunday.
THE NBiLLS
In Paul Leicester Ford's VlrlJ© Revolutionary
Romance.
..JANICE MEREDITH..
Next week — Frank Bacon to "The- County
Fair." Soon — 'The Light Eternal." Prepara-
tion. '"Lottery of Love."
Coming — "If I Wer» Rinj."
Tuecday, Oct. 17 — Benefit Darlna Parlor No.
114 Natlv* Daughters of th» Goldan West.
Evenings. 25c. 50c. 75c.. Sat. Mat.. 25c. 50a.
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun. 25c everywhere.
Arnoldo's Jaguars,
Panthers and Leopa rds
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening; In the Theater.
RIDE IN THE CHICLE BWCTG!
VISIT THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD t
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO.
ADMISSION ...10c I CHILDREN... 3«
See Mljrnon. the Pound and a Half Baby,
-.. — J in the Infant Incubator.
#_\u25a0 on \u25a0#fc" Ammunition. Hunting and
IDllsllC" Sporttns Ooods. Lariat
\u25a0 39 Su stock. Lowest prices. Send
I"3 a 3 a sac a f° r e*taiojru*.
\u25a0 j jyj a m siireve a barber co..
733 Market St. and 521 ~ ;
Kearny at.
WfifiHyCal 11.00 dbt Year
78
---- :': ' . ~"'~~~ — ' — — — — -— — -- _ ,t, t - *,- . ,:* \u25a0.', _*..,.. '_, \u25a0- -- - -,'-:' ' - V \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0*-\u25a0 w \u25a0' if ' ir""* • __c 64 *
JOHN I>. SPlSlgC_Kl_l : S___. .Proprietor
Address Con-.ri-.uaicatioiis to
\v. j. martin »t ; iil!£rJL2i2-" : ---^£
TEL.SPIJOXE.
Term*. t<y Matt, BcladinK Tct.ase ita-.n k>iui
daily cat.:, «i_ : .iudf c ."u«4.iy>. 1 r*f-*fs
DAILY CAM- <I«r:uu. -Suno*;-.. 6 mos . - - *-w
n.iiLY CAL.',.— Ey Sinpie Month \u0084'£;
F_*XJAY CALX. 1 Y*«r -^
I rSSKf H&i£fr 'is SEgs
rOSTAOE. \ v>ek"lv . LOO Per Year Extra
PS^TM ASTERS AHE tf^miZZu
<;uettc<l. m ,
i fi.bscriber* :n crcering ,cna?s'>, cna ?5' > , o:.p?v0 :.p?v
should be .articular W * iv ** u \\_£.f
OLD ADDKEt^S in oroer to insu-e a
promn -u<: correct cooapHince -ne^r re
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Eroadway Telephone Main 1083
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
HSS Park Street. Near i=anta Clara Avenue.
Phone Alamcda 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
_14f Center Street Telephone r»ortn a
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW TOIUC NEWS STANDS: 1
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brcntano. 81
fnlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue .
Haiti and Ho!_m_s House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fheftr.aa House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hcte!; Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palrser House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
, C. CEOHGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2ei9.")
NEW YORK REPKESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. c'ARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until '
11 p. m.
SC<j Montgomery aye.; open until 9 p. n _
StO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
O.W Mi Allitter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Lrrkin 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
H<4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
3f"> Eleienth 6treet; open until 9 p. m.
J0:«6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 3 p. m .
22"" Fillmore street; open until 9 p. ra.
4314 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
unill 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery «. _
Xc. 16, K. T., 625 Sutter St.— Stated *;J«F
pssfmbly THIS EVENING, at S |K|J
o'clock. All fratcrs are courteously
ijivited. By order of the commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
MISSION Ccmrnandery No. 41. K. T. — _\u25a0 _
S-ated atfcmlily THIS OIONDAY) -*A|P
EVENING, at S o'clock. Mission [Ml
Masonic Temple. Business and drill.
.Ml fratcrs cordially invited. By order of
the commander.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Recorder.
SAN FRANCTECO Chapter No. 1. Royal «
Aivh Masons, moots this evening.
Business only.
H. G. PRINCE, Pecretary.
OO IDENTAI- L<M_e No. 22, F. and O
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. W
at 7:"0 o'clock, third degrte. Master /VN
Masons t-ordially invited. By order
of th*- Maner.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. end ®
A. M.. 1539 Flllmore *t.— Third de- Jy
pre* THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at
7:39 o'clock.
HARRY BAEIIR. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE; costs $12: quick, quiet; ad-
x:c* free; no charge unless successful: open
•venings; wille, deed*, leases, bills of sale
end articles cf co-partnership carefully pre-
pared; bankruptcy, collections and probating
cf estates. 927 Market St.. room 301.
AA--DIYORCE coeta $12.
Quick, quiet; lecal advice free.
No thar_e unless «uccessful.
All law business.
Examiner building, room 316, third floor.
R. TV. KING, Attorn»y-a.t-L_w, Exam. bldg..
€th floor, entrance room Cll ; established 20
year*: all court*, general courts and offlce
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AIAICE frtf: legal divorce costs $12; all law
caret* handled; no fee In advance; cpen Sat-
urday evenings; ether eveninga by appoint-
ment: call and save money. »Sl9 Mkt., r. S3.
L. fi. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302, consulta-
tion free: r.o fee in advance. Open evenings.
CGMPLETK divorce for $20 by able young at-
torn»y. For Interview ad. lock box 422, city.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Manufacturer's agent to handle
lerpest line of glass slgss made In United
Pt»t<^; r»»l>r<>nces murt accompany applica-
tion. Addr^s Pittsburg Advertising Co.,
TMttsMlTg. Pa.
AGENTS make SlO per <jay B el!!ng our "Mend-
arlp"; it sews. It rlv<»t»: our "Farmers'
Frandt-y": S t<x>ls in one- pood side line with
U. r HOMAS N. FOOTE CO.. Los Angeles.
_^__ AHJ^^ lo^'?^:
VAN'TED — Lowest spot cash jirlre for aecond-
fcand tonneau automobile; murt b» In first-
cla^s ror.<3!ti>n; no larger than a 1 or 2-
cylin<ler machin*. Address with full par-
tl<ulars. fjox 8887,' Call.
MOTOnOYt.'LE. :; H.-P.. latrrt modal, prac-
ti«-any new, at a eacrl&pe; call Sunday.
W. J. CROOKS. 3452 PoM et. * j
$S*>-F£N"r: auf.mi.bl>, airr.cjt new, at KLEI-
BER'S. lof'4 Folsom »t. ,
A. DI NCT-.VS a«thma remedy curas: for sale
by a:i drufrglft«: ir.ain d^pot l'"^)2 Market
St.. Fl. Nicholas HoVl: 10c. 2.V. 50c postage.
niBDS rROGSj ETC.
A BIRD organ, to teach young Roller canaries
ror »._)•. SICS Sixteenth st. ."\u25a0 •
HOOKKEEPING.
LET v* lc*ep your boole;; nothing too large.
BOlhl&C, too *ma.!; we mnkt a ipecialty of
kecjiing ernull t-ets of book".
Tlit; I'AXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
T>l 1311. 930 Market at.
HOABDIXG FOa CHILDREN.
LAUY wnnts child to board and t«-ach German;
i^inßy h"»m«; jjsre>n: near JcTCcrson l*afk.
II3S Turk »t.
A CHILD t^. Soarc" in private fami!;.-; no otiier
children; h^t t'. care. sr!'.-i Grecßtvlch st.
CABPET-BEATINC AND CLEANING.
COMFItESSED Air and Vacuum Proces used
for cleaning: carpets en floor without remov-
al; c-rjKt and rugs also vUxned by ccm-
j'resre-d air at shop: prices rcou'-ratf. S. F.
CoiEj>rcise<i Air Cltaninß Company. SftS Mar-
ket «t.; phene Main 102 end Busn 479.
V«'HEN you "Dec-aie disgusted with your wor_.
SefxA for SPAi;i-DIN«.:'.S Pioneer Csrpct-Eeat-
lag AVorkn. 30."-Sfi7 TcTiama g.t. Tel, fc'outh 40.
WE£T_UX Carpet-Clecnlns iVorl:*. ISC9 Har-
Srison £t.; Al cleaning. 3c. mi£l> HAGE-
DCRN.& CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpe*. Beating Works.
Coidcn Gate aye. & Larldn; phene E«6t 12C.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
y:x;pricior, 229 Guerrero sL: tel. Mission 49.
AJ3VANCB C-XSCt Cieaniiis Co.. -102 Sutter rt.;
t"l. :.:ain nui. C2O. WALCOM £: CO.. Prep».
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth tt.— First-class
« rpct clear:! ng, ."5c yard. Tel. Missicn 74.
HUIKJLPH &\u25a0 CO.. carpet-btatlug erorks: pricra
rcfcct-aabic. 17C3 Ui'rrlsu: •>!.; tel. Mirslon 203.
LACK. CTTRTAINS AND BLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New, York, Curtain House; most
c«>tr>r>!ete plant for cleaning l_ee curtain* and
bl-nkrle. 13_4 FiDmorc; phone West 5306.
BUSINESS CIIANCES.^_
BUIT store; choicest location; owner. ls en-
. azed in other business; a chance for a good
• cbcaj,. Particulars^ R- G. WILKL.'.
-'J^u . X<arny_st. ' • - '
; A— sJscO: CORNER groeerj' and bfti- with 3
llvlnv room*; clioicest location. Western Ad-
dition: rent $^4; place established yeare;
: owner 10 leave -\rcerica. Call R. C. n Il^Kt,
-G'j Kearny- st. ' \u25a0
i A—s£so:A — $£50: V»*KLL established restaurant and
I chophuuse with 2 rooms; on water tront; rent
*Ie: a ran- chance: makinc money. R. G.
WILKE. 2(J'L- Kcarny t-..
OLD *stablls«iie<l bakery- in Western Addition;
lar_<: store trade; bake 6 barrels a day;
owmr cnea.eil in other buaintee only cause
of sale. Call R. Q. WILKE. 20Yt Kearny »t.
CHANCE o< lifetime— A painting, v/hitenlng.
paj-erhanging business; everything complete
! to do any Job; Btock. tools, etc. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2U'.j Kearny Et. '
; A— »2000; ! SALOON on California atreet. close
to Montgomery, and A No. 1 paying busl-
ners: owr.tr to leav* city; full value In
right. All particulars .at R. G. WILKE'S,
2ti J i Kearny st. .
A— s2ooo; CORNER- saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; mercantile lunch; no Sunday or Night
work: place doing a rushing business;
would exchange for property. R. G. WILKJE,
2t)^ Kearny «t.
A— s3so; BAKERY and confectionery on Mason
St.; 2 years' lease; established 20 years:
monthly sales $1200; a rare chance. Particu-
lais R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; BUTCHER shop with S yeara' lease;
very best location; Cth and Market st».;fuH
value In si_ht; a rare bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE, iftt'/j Kearny st. .
A— s2CoO; BAKERY; established years; baking
4 barrels a day; 2 ovens, 2 horbes, 1 wagon;
larse store trade. Particulars at R. G.
WILKE' 6. 26^ Kearny st.
BUSINESS opportunity — A furniture and gen-
eral household goods store; for f ale on ac-
count of sickness of owner; old established
corner, consisting of 4 stores, 100 feet front-
age, with lease, gocd will, etc., in city of
Oakland; an active man can easily clear $500
month; price $0000. Address H. E. ALDEN,
12: a Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
PARTNER wanted lor a prosperous, growing,
legitimate business; owner can't rely on hired
help and wants a live, active man aa part-
ner; if right party, can clear about $800 per
month: if Interested see us for further par-
ticulars. SPAULDING & CO.. young
hustlers for bargains. 906 Market St., cor.
EIIU.
HOTEL AND SALOON—
$1100— In factory district. Hotel and saloon
with 18 furnished rooms. Liquor, license,
stock and everything goes at this price.
Business amounts to $500 per month. Owner
leaving city. 1450 San Bruno aye.
~~ FOR SALE. ~
THE finest up-to-date wholesale and retail
harness, saddlery, shoe findings and leather
business on the coast for sale: can make all
the money you want. Correspond with JOHN
T. STOLL. Sacramento. Cal.
GOOD business for man and wife; easily run
without hired help; good investment; bakery,
notions, dry goods, a. b.' f., good cor., with
4 good living rooms; rent reasonable; present
owner has been there for 0 years; *lcknes»
cause of telling; price $1260. Box 3583. Call.
A CHANCE: party with money and patience
who will furnish certain expenses, can share
large earnings; staple goods; must show
pood faith, ability to finance and exchange
references. Box 3855. Call offlce.
RESTAURANT and cafe for sale In Interior
town; well equipped; good business; only
flrtt-clasa restaurant in town. For par-
tlculars addreas box 3757. Call offlce.
BEST equipped ahop -In city for nvxlel, ex-
perimental and email machine work; doing
good business: good location; price complete.
$1400; Inquire on premlsea. 544 A Mission. tt.
FOR sale— Saloon; 2-story building; commodi-
ous premises; opposite Golden 3_te I'ark;
must sell on account of early Uparture for
Nevada. Box 3546. CalL
$200 — PARTNER wanted; establiehed business;
no previous experience required; sure to pay
$90 a month to each; steady man required;
call and inquire. I*27^ Market «t., room 2.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light, established
business; plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $.'is a week, will find this a rare chance;
no experience required. 759 Market" St.. r. 8.
FOR sale — One of the leading restaurant* In
Berkeley; price $1200. -For further particu-
lars apply. J.- P.*-JiALE, 1511 Shattuck aye.,
northwest corner Union st. -..—•- \u25a0
FOR sate — A restaurant, seating 28, with a
trade of 20 to 25 loaves of bread daily, 2',j
cans milk; low rent; no agents. Box 3793,
Call offlce. --- . - . /
FINE fruit store with fish stand In connection;
doing business which you can investigate;
will be sold cheap; owner has other business,
a real bargain. 341 Fourth st.
$2CO— PARTNER wanted: established business:
no previous experience required; sure to pay
$30 a month to each: steady man required;
call and inquire, 1027 H Market St.. room 2.
MACHINIST wishing steady employment for
email investment; good returns; eatablished;
business address, SANTA ROSA MACHINE
WORKS <Inc). Santa Rosa, Cal.
SHOE store; family trade; furn. rooms; cash
reg.: good repair trade; owner going East;
pcxi man can clear $150 mo. 608 Larkin st.
FINE saloon, with rooming-house and cigar
store; rood location. Inquire XßMLE, LEVY
CO.. 668 Mission st.
DAIRY — Two strings fine cows; choice private
trade; 20 year* established; thorough in-
vestigation. Inquire 4600 Mission st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor; well estab.: good
location: $500. 621 Vallejo St.. cor. Mont. ay.
$150— BRANCH bakery and notion store. 1259
Broadway.
GOOD coal yard; 8- room flat; also rooming-
houseg. $200 upward. Call 336 Phelan bldg.
$150 — PARTNER wanted; genteel contracting
business; $15 week. 131 Montgomery, r. S.
$2T>0 — PARTNER wanted for blacksmith, horse-
Fhoetng and wagon ahop. Box 3854, Call.
TURK. 436 — First-class delicatessen and res-
taurant for sale.
FOR F&Ie — Saloon doing good business; fine lo-
cation; pric. reasonable. Apply 845 Folsom.
GOOD oyster house for pale; selling on account
of. sieknms. 50 Seventh, opp. new postofflee.
$200—^FINE ' restaurant, seating capacity 75;
CO«t $750; (rrand bargain; Invest. 932 Mission. :
FOR sale — Roadhouse and hotel; near city; do-
ing good business. Box 3705. Call. 1
ELECTRIC laundry, est. H yrs., for nale. in-
cluding prop.; doing good bus. Box 3526, Call.
GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.'
LAUNDRY plant for sale; good order. SPECK.
2132 Folsom' st. k
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened tt 100S Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought. . sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1526 Polk St. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOB. ~ SALE.
A — CAMERON & CO. : Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy *t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Klnde of Business Chanoes.
10 rooms, fine location: furnished in oak,
birdseye maple and mahogany; fully ar-
ranged for housekeeping; small payment
down, balance can be paid out of house;
price $1000.
30 rooms; central; fine corner; all sunny
: rooms: rent only $5 50 per room; good furnl-
tuie and carpets; always full and clears over
$150 per month; on account of eleknees at
. bar_aln. ;
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
A LADY furnished 11 rooms on sunny side
of • Geary st.. noar Van Ness aye. ; she has
dona ff» well financially that she now wants
a larger house-; she has the cash necessary
to pay and will exchange. Call, write or
phone her exclusive ne-.-nls. the young, ac-
tive hustlers and bargain sellers, SPAULD-
ING-& CO. -•\u25a0-\u25a0«
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. i
Real Estate and Rooming-House Brokers,
I 10ORV; Markft" st., opp. sth; phone Jessie 3041.
Buyers: We. have housr* to suit you; hon-
eM. values guaranteed or no sale. .
FOR eale— A centrally located and profitable
lodging -house .of 120 rooms; present' owner .
has had it over 20 years: no aeents. Ad-
' dreas C. H., box 3740. Call office.
\u25a0 FISHER & CO r.. ..Phone Main 3354
Room 4::S, James Flood - Building.
! Furnished rooming-houses,' hotels and flats. '
1 FOR £al<- cheap, house, 8 ' rooms and bath;
tent s.';o. SlO Howard st. . ;
10-ROOM . house. > well furnlshod; lull of room-
ers ; party • leaving ' city, it Inquire 152 Tenth.
NEATLY furnished 22-room lodging-house: fine
transient trade; bartraln for cash. JIG 4lh st. |
s THE SAN FRANGISCO; CALL; MONDAY. OCTOBER /16. 1 905;
Roomlnsr-House* and Hotcln for Sale.
MARION GRIFFIN,
070 Market et.. P.oom isOl. Eighth Floor.
Rooming-House Broker. Phone Main 3343.
LADY, ycur check is cord for $000
; anil — we — will — back — you — for ?2000
on a XICW ami MODERN ::0-ioom house that
cost .?450.0 to furnish. You'll say
' "It — ie — a — great — bargain."
APARTMENT-HOUSE, 21 rooms; steady ten-
ants; fine location; terms If necessary. Par-
tlculars. SCO Kl!is st. . '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— v PROF. NIBLO,
"-:-"' 41IA— ELLIS ST. — JIIA.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE 'HEADINGS, 51-
Great«st H,r*__r] astral DEAD-TRANCE
CLAIRVOYANT of the agt: adviser on busi-
ness and all affairs of lite;, tells your full
name aad. what you called for, whom you
will marry, how to control the one you love,
even miles away; reunites the separated;
gives secret powers to control; no long delays
in waiting.
HOURS 10 TO S. DAILY and SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. Cor. of Jones St.
. Permanently located in his own home.
PROF. NIBLO.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE
If you wish reliable advice consult PROF.
LIVINGSTONE.
You hear the truth and nothing but the
truth, be it good or bad. "He positively refuses
to accept any fee In advance and leaves It to
your Judgment whether he has performed all
he claims and advertises to do.
Full Life Reading 50c. Hours 10 to S.
LIVINGSTONE— 2«^i Kearny— LIVINGSTONE
A PHENOMENAL $5 mental -reading- for- $l.-
ST. GEORGE 0RM0NDE... .1031 Market st.
Yoghl Initiate, clairvoyant, psychic palmist.
Tell you more than all others combined ;
how to overcome sickness, drink or weak
habits, enemies, spells, lost vitality, bad
luck: find treasures, valuable mir.es; marry
your choice: restore lost love; secure secret
powers of control; reunlteß separated; im-
plants business success. By mail $2. $10,000
for his equal. -
A— MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellls'st.,
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affaire of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable,- satisfactory reading; reveals
the past; gives correct rorecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. tn.; French. German. English spoken.
CASSANDRA.. 1007% Market st., near Sixth—
Before taking any important step in love,
' marriage, divorce, purchases, sales, Invest-
ments, journeys, health, consult \u25a0 the great
clairvoyant and palmist, Cassandra; she is
the famous, medium who predicted the Russo-
Japanese war 4 years ago; also the assassin-
ation of President McKlnley; readings, $1;
hours, 10 a. m. to Bp. m. \u25a0 .
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant In San Francisco. Re-
opened at 366 O'Farrell st. Hours 10 to 5.
F.eadlngs by mall, $2.
ISMAR has been called East on a very Impor-
tant but mysterious mission, full. details of
which will be published later. She will re-
turn to this city and be in her offlce Sun-
day. Nov. 6. \u25a0 - -
MME. ROBERTS. clairvoyant; convincing
proofs revealed through her power of clalr-
voyancy; read lnes. dally; circle Wednesday
eve.. 8 o'clock. 10SV6 Hayes st.
MME. KROXENBBRO, clairvoyant,' card read-
er, palmist; when others fail try me; good
reading 25c; no sign. 102^ 6th, * nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice. given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 'l 7 3d, next Examiner bldg.'
• t — '
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names sOe. $1. 1035 Fillmorp. nr. "McAllister.
MME. WARD. 1153 Market et., above 7th—
Clairvoyant gives najnes. dates and facts.
MME MARSEAU card reader; ladies 25c.
gents 50c; hours 1 to 9. 545 Minna st.
RETURNED, MME. ODELL. card and tea-cup
" reader; 25c-50c; satisfaction guar. 505 Jones.
MME. RAVENNA, the^marvclous clairvoyant,
gives names; advice in all affairs.- 5 4th st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader." has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
™— -~— ~ sPiniTUALISM.
MARG RET ALDORA. spiritual medium. Just
from East- circle Wednesday and Friday
evenings; readings daily*. 459 Geary st.
A—MRS J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 12C6 Market, r. 10. Gait House.
A PHORT time— sl clairvoyant and . spiritual
life read., 25c. Mme. Ellersflcken, 556 Turk.
EARLE'S seanco Sun., Wed.. 210 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Hlgglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
X RETURNED. H. Jerome Fosselll. scientific
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5608
HYPNOTISM. ' ' '
AILMENTS ot nerves or mind cured; no drugs:
De LaufC, magnetlst, 709 Bush: hrs., 1-5, 7-S.
COLLECTION^OFFICES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection ' Co., 418
Montgomery at., rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 5580.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
DR. PIERCES Magnetic Blaetic Truss; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 206 Kearny at., room 307.
DENTISTS.
DrTExLE^PaTnLESS DENTAIT^OMPANYt
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full Eft of teeth, $2; sliver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings. $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market et.. corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full eet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charge \u25a0 for extracting when plates are
made: old platee made over like. new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists, 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, removed- to 406
Sutter st.; rooms 7 and 8.
GOLD fillings. 76c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2, no
pain; op. \u25a0 Sun Dr.A.C.Hewltt,lom Grant ay.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
' 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
i'TE^VAßT'V^Lining. Pleating and Buttonhole
Factory of 110 Taylor st. will remove to 14
and 16 Taylor at. about October 1.
MRS E9TES, fashionable dressmaking, St.
Kathryn Hotel. 480 Ellis- tel. Baat 1389.
McDOWELL Dressmaking Mi Millinery School
Eve, -class; patterns cut. , llfK) Market st.
- DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
CARPENTER and builder, wants work by day
or contract* C. C. LEROY. 502 Jessie st.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an ' excellent preparatory
school for university, '\u25a0 law and medical col-
. leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you ;\u25a0 day,
evening session; references? President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. ; Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS. C0L, 033 Market,
conducted by Robt. :F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you co: shorthand typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; wo have had 250 good places
since March 1. San Francisco Business :Col-
lege. 738 Mission Bt. \u25a0' >\u25a0 -•:\u25a0"\u25a0 \u25a0 * . \u25a0
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively sto dramatic
learning in America; .positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
now open at Hinman's- School of \u25a0 Dancing.
1412 Polk at., near California; phone East
2126.'" \u25a0-..-•-\u25a0 \u25a0 -:\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.'.-- : ."•-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.---•• <'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0*\u25a0"'-\u25a0> •---.-•\u25a0
HEALD'S School of 'Mlnes.and : .Enginering,.24
Post St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, 6team
and gas engineering. . ; Send for prospectus. -
HEALD'S BUSINESS * COLLEGE. *24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the.West; annual .
enrollment 1000; gend 1 for. circular.' .:.•
ENGINEERING— CiviI, clec.. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve; est.lSB4..- Van
der Naillen Schools 113 Fulton, nr.' City Hall.
A— METnOPOLITAN-Callfornla-Students Join-
«»d. Business. Stenographic. r 925 Golden :Gate.
A— SPANISH I Frunchr, I tallan. : English branch-"
es. MRS. TAMES. 1311, Octavla st..'> nr.- Geary."
SCHOOL OF i ILLUSTRATION" -Day .and"
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pest at.— Night classes.
A special class-preparatory- to teachers*; exam-
inations or State nor.,Echls. 333. Phelan bids.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
• A— ORPHEUM Employm-ent of fice— Japanese,
Chinese help; removed \ to ; CG_ Sutter st., be-
tween Powell. and- Mason; tel. Main 5752.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Offlce
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye, 421 Post st.:. tel. Bush 135.
STAR Employment- Office; — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care.' W.
KADOTA. 400 Powell st. ; tel. Main 1751.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce
furnishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. KIODA, 405 Post st.;* tel. James 501.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSIIY. 415 Stockton st.; tel. Bush 859..
AN old estab. (1850) Chinese emp. offlce: C.
PHONG'S, removed to 518 Plne;tel.Grant 15G.
Finest Japanese help; housecleanlr.g specialty:
Geo. R. Kunlabe. Hl3 Mason: tel. James 6251.*)
11. W. HONG, 1113 Clay st.; Chinese employ-
n-.ent office: best help. Tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese, help; estab. £0 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chines? help of all kinds furnish-
ed ; hctiseeleaning. 70S Taylor; James 7C3C.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employmsnt Of-
fice: all klnda lislp. .'{ls Stockton. Main .TISS.
EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
•A HOTEL head waitress l^ first class; also
6 restaurant and hotel waitresses experi-
enced In arm amid tray work, want situa-
tions. Call uy MISS PLUNKETT, Main
5172, C r call at -J2S SJutter St., near Powell.
A YOUNG American woman would like per-
manent situation to keep house for aa aged
couple, widow; neat' housekeeper, \u25a0 good J cook
and capable ot taking full charge if wished;
have two little girls past 5, which I should
like to keep with me; will answer' all let-
tt-rf.- Box 37H9. Call office.
A COMPETENT German girl wlshe* to do
cooking and light housework in v a Jewish
family; wages §30. Call 35 AVashlngtoa aye.,
between Ninth and Tenth 6ts. ; no postals.
SWEDISH girl wants a situation to do general
housework. Please call at 979 Hampshire St..
near Twenty-second; wages 515.
SWEDISH girl wants to do general housework
and cookinsr. 115 Albion aye. V
TWO Finnish girls would .like to do general
housework. 327 Third st. -" . - - . .
SWEDISH girl wants to do general housework
and cooking- 521 Folsom Bt. .
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor. Jackets, coats,
shirt waist suits, up-to-date styles; fits, -sat-
isfaction guaranteed; all work taken in; de-
signer; engagements per day; no sign. MISS
BARSS. 321 Franklin st. '
A JAPANESE good girl • wants position aa
plain cook and do general housework in small
family. Address 1423 Pacific at. ; tel. East
2442. .-.--.\u25a0' - - . '\u25a0
A REFINED young lady, experienced traveler,
speaking- . English, French and German flu-
ently, desires a position. Box 3830, Call.
REFINED American woman desires position as
/ housekeeper in small family; country pre-
ferred. Address Housekeeper. 16 Julian aye.
A WOMAN 'would like washing to take home
or so cleaning by the day. 713% Minna St..
near Eighth. - '
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes general housework
and cooking; wages $20. Please call 623
Moultrle et., near Cortland aye.
RELIABLE woman wishes work for Tuesday
or Saturday; $1 50 per day and car fare. Box
3SIB. Call. . '.-"\u25a0'
GIRL would like to pose in exchange for In-
struction in drawing: a,ge 20; .height 5 feet
5 inches. Box 3823, Call offlce.
INTELLIGENT reader desires engagements:
reading to invalids,, blind or elderly people
or children. Address Reader, 68 Waller Bt.
POSITION wanted by an experienced book-
keeper; competent and reliable. MARY M.
FAHEY. 538 Turk st. '
COLORED woman wants position for house-
work. Box SS93. Call office. <\u25a0'
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes family
laundry work by the day. 1124 & Folsom st.
AA'ANTED — A situation as housekeeper or as
nurse for Invalid. 907 Folsom St.. near Fifth.
DANISH girl for general housework: fcall Mon-
day. 240 Duncan St., l»et. 27th 'arid 28th.
COLORED woman wants work by the day. 518
Powell Bt. ; '' \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' -.-\u25a0 \u25a0 » : \u25a0
A COMPETENT woman ' desires care' of Inva-
lid: experience, references. Box 3785. Call.
4/ GIKL wishes position for - general : house-
work. Apply 1201 Clement St., Richmond.
E3IPLOYMENT AVANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE first-class cook, hotel, $50 month.
S Fine cook for steamers, also chief, $00; sec-
ond cook, $35 and $40. ' . :\u25a0'-'\u25a0 :
Flrst-class laundress, ' 530 month up.
Good chamberwork, $30 month up.
Flrst-class help always on . hand. ..
GEO. X.. propr., 343 Mason; teK James 5251.
A THOROUGHLY reliable expert accountant,
young, quick, active, accurate, who has been
In charge of banks and commercial concerns
in Europe. Mexico and United States. know-
Ing four foreign languages, desires permanent
; engagement; Al local references. Box 3839,
Call offlce. ' - \u25a0' ' \u25a0 '
MAN and wife in hotel or country place; man
painter and paperhanger; understands repair-
ing furniture: no boozer; references. Box
8812, Call offlce. »
GERMAN, middle-aged and single,, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
room; good references. U". BOHLING, 417
Kearny st. . : ' \u25a0
HOUSE and window cleaning, farming, garden-
\u25a0 Ing; any work by experienced man; 1 $1 per
day. Box 4605. Call.
RESPECTABLE old man to care for horse and
mind paint store. 7SU& Folsom st. \u25a0
ELECTRICIAN, lately from East, experienced
and competent, desires a position with elec-
trical company; Is strictly, reliable" and will
give employers mithful eervice. Address R. \u25a0
PALMER. 1150 {Turk st. '
MAN and wife wish steady work on dairy;
> woman to' cook, man to milk; no children.
Box C 153. Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED— Position aa flrst-class blacksmith
and tool dresser: good on Inventions of tools
[ to reduce labor; a place wanted where a
good mechanic la appreciated. Bo.t 3890. Call.
STEADY, reliable yountr man. with good ref-
erences, desires outdoor work, ' to care lawn
or garden, etc. 72 Pleasant st, -between Sac- i
ramento and Clay, off Jones. . .
YOUNG gentleman would like . a position in
fancy bakery or cafe aa baker's helper; has
considerable experience In the East. Box
' 1455, Call, offlce. - :
EXPERT accountant wants ' small sst books
for firms or persons to keep; evenings, or
Sundays; terms low; interview requested.
Box KSS9. Call. \u25a0 , ...•'\u25a0 "
POSITION wanted by respectable old gentle-
man as bartender In country hotel or road-,
house; sober, steady and reliable; wages no
object: good references." Box 3781, Call.-
EXPERT accountant wants small set books
for firms or persons :.. to keep evenings or
Sundays; terms low; interview requested.
Box CCSO. Call. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•''\u25a0\u25a0
POSITIONS wanted by man and wife as cook
and chambermaid; city or, private _. place; re-
liable. Box 3746, Call offlce. '
STRONG, reliable young man wants position of
any kind where there Is chance for ; ad-
vancement. Box 3804. Call. '
A YOUNG man wishes to learn, the electrical
trade; has had some experience; can furnish
references. Box 3571, Call. ;• .. -."
EXPERIENCED chaffeur wishes position to
care for and drive owner's machine;, prefer
new Wlnton. Box 3593. ; Call office.
EXPERIENCED delivery wagon driver deslrea
position or will accept any kind:* of work.
Box 3516 Call. . ' r>\
JANITOR. - experienced, • seeks work ; ; offlce or
house - porter; references -given. - Box ,3822.
Call. offlce. '--'{--.\u25a0', \u25a0\u25a0•'\u25a0' " _
ALL kinds of palntlnsr; rooms papered $3 60;
. tinted. $3; . whitened, $2. 951' McAllister st. ;
Sphone Fell 2051. , y "--,\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0'/.' '"\u25a0 '-'\u25a0 '.
WANTED— Work of, any kind. by, man 40 years
of age; has been a 1a 1 Government clerk. THOS.
:M., SEHON, general delivery. . .- ; , :: - -
YOUNGJ German, '.2l <; years, .wants ; situation;
private, etc.; any kind of. work: reply please.
: .i. Box ; 3780.?, Call: office. ; -.-.C. \u25a0\u25a0-• r \u25a0 \u25a0
YOUNG man, business college graduate, would
like a position, in some' of flee " as assistant
bookkeeper. 80x \u25a03744. Call.' \u0084 /v/ v
WANTED— Position by .first-class confectioner;'
\u25a0' city.- or country. • ."Address A. P.. care- of
'\u25a0'.' CHARLES K.SSELI.., CaII; ' -,v-, -\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u0084 ; ; •..-\u25a0
FIRST-CLASS * German cook ,; want 3 ; situation ;
;".,'. wages f. 10. ; 555 , Stockton' st.: '\u25a0 '\u25a0'-'. \u25a0
SITUATION," wanted : as night-watchman r>r
.Janitor by experienced man. . Box _3537. , Call.
EMPLOYMENT WAJVTED— MALE— Con.
CARPENTER (first class) wants work; day or
contract; old houses shingled. W. M. PEAR-
SON. 4S Eaqt st. \u25a0 " \u25a0
BARBER young married man,' wants steady
position: !>¥\u25a0 years in last place.. Bos 3772,
Call office-. " \u25a0\u25a0 '.. - ,
GOOD cook, clean, sober and steady, wishes
.situation. Box 3842, Call offlce.
GARDENER and florist, capable of taking
charge of estate;. references. / Box 3595, Can.
YOUNG man desires occupation on poultry
ranch. JOLLY. 2137 Center st.V Berkeley.
JAPANESE wants position; good laundry man;
cJty or country; nice family; wages $T. K.
IWAOKA. 508 Taylor st.
A JAPANESE strong man wants position;- to
do any kind of work; speaks English well.
H. MORI. 509 Bush St.; phone Main 3COS.
JAPANESE experienced cook wishes position
in a small family; $6 week. H. T.. 1304
Post st. /— : - *
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as cook
In family. H. TAOKA, 451 Jessie st.:
phono South 1161. \
JAPANESE wants work morning or evening
only; room out. G. ALZA, care House Clean-
ing, 813 Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
Every desirable vacant dwelling is listed In
our renting department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Save a world of
time and trouble.
Service Is absolutely free.
' You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. / Welcome!
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1030 Market st., opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED * LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment arid rooming-houses: our
renting department is free to all; we can find
you. a. home in any part of the city; ask for
'no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely;- you are more
than welcome. *
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
st. (on the square). \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -
5 ROOMS, bath and wash tub* each. lIS-llS'^
, Perry, near Third and Harrison; 39-41-43
Langton, 4 and 6 rooms, bath and wash tubs.
new, clean and convenient: 711 Harrison. 4
rooms; 657 Jessie, near Seventh* 6 rooms.
CORBETT aye., . 356 near Ashbury — 4 rooms
and bath; suitable for small family; every-
thing convenient: oil cloth and stove can
remain; . $11; ISth-st. cars, get off Corbett.
BRODERICK, 143, near Haight— Modern B-
room flat: marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc.; owl cars; rent reasonable.
HALF month's rent free; come and see those
beautiful flats, 4 rooms and bath; $18. $20.
2736 to 2756 Franklin st. ; marine view.
NEJ. CORNER Golden Gate aye. and Central
aye.— New up to date fiats Just completed;
sun In every room; rents $25 up.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 8825. near Church — New.
modern flat. 5 rooms and bath; newly tint- •
ed; rent $20. - -
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3478, near Valencia — 4 ;
rooms and bath, $16; private entrance; an
upper sunny flat.
$22 50—6 SUNNY rooms: middle JUt; tinted;
marine view. 1563 Filbert at., between Oc-
tavia and Laguna. t
$25 — SUNNY flat<; 5 r. and b. ; yard, basement.
21S Willow aye., off Van Ness, bet. Eddy
and Ellis sts. . . \u25a0
BUSH. ICsl— Upper flat, 7 rooms, $35; middle
flat. 4 rooms, $25; basement flat, 4 room-, $15.
5 ROOMS: all modern Improvements; rent
$15 50. 26078 Post st.
MASONIC aye., 1227, near Haight— Cozy flve-
room flats; reasonable.
$17 — CORNER upper flat, 5 eunny rooms and
bath; tinted. S3S6 Twenty-sixth at., nr. Capp.
$12— NICE large sunny 3-room flat. 1322 Jessie
St.. near Valencia.
VAN NESS ave._22o— s sunny rooms. $35; and
8 rooms. $50; writer free. '
$12 50 — SUNNY 4 rooms. 68 Ivy v aye., near
Van Ness aye. and Hayes et. \u25a0
CALIFORNIA. SCKM'/A — Lower flat. 6 room»,
, bath; rent reduced; if suited see landlord.
A BEAUTIFUL upper flat, 7 . sunny rooms;'
rent reasonable. Corner Jackpon and Larkin.
BEAUTIFUL location": Hayes and Stanyan: G. .
•- G. Park : ,4 r. flats, $25; new; ready this wk.
ELEGANT sunny middle flat; 10 rooms, bath.
878 Eddy st.. near Van Ness aye. v
LYON, 22-37, between Page and Haight — Nice
light sunny flat 8 of 7 and 8 rooms: rent reas.
$15—240 TOWNSEND St., opposite S. P. R. R.
de-pot : ' 4 rooms and bath. j ;
HAIGHT. 1061. near Baker — Nice sunny 6-
room flat, facing Buena Vista aye. and park.
GROVE, 715% — A fine sunny flat; 7 rooms,
bath: key at 715, Grove st.
GREENWICH. 1827—5 rooms, sunny; bath,
gas, stationary tubs; rent g!6.
BROADWAY. 1255. nr. Hyde — Sunny , flat. 3
large rooms; sanitary; fine lawns; $8 to $11.
$25 SUNNY flat of 6 rooms, bath, garden:
adults. 2719 Pine st.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
XO let— Furnished flat; 4 nice rooms, bath and
" yard. 11l Fell at. \u25a0 *•
NEAVLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room flat;
. will sell or rent cheap.. 2ir)2 Broderlck St.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FURNITURE of 4 roomaj comfortably fur-
nished flat; reasonable; rent $17. 112 Lily
avenue. • \u25a0 '
NEAVLY furnished, sunny, upper 7-room flat:
will sell or rent cheap. Box 3759. Call offlce.
. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given awayi unredeemed storage pi-
. anos and fur. AVhitehead'i Storage. 1636 Mkt. .
FURNITURE WASTED.
X PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
f rrr me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets, piano, etc. M. QALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market
st, bet. Oth and 10th. paying big money for
lurmturt, etc. Phone South 17S.
Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture. carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel Bush 813
Z. ABE LEVY. 1133 Market St.. phone Jessie
761. pays cash and buys everything.
nELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A— CENT. CAL. EMP. CO.. 38S O'Farrell «t.
Male and Female Help. Phone Main 3428.
Millinery trimmer and saleswoman.sl2 50 wk.
Assistant matron young woman, $20.
Maid to lady ' living in hotel, $30.
4 housekeepers, one Nevada, $20 each.
3 parlor maid* and waitresses. $30.
- 6 second girls, two Oakland, $25-$3 O.
French second girl, , $25.
3 German girls, 2d wk., care children, $25.
4 Infants' nurse*, $20-$25."
\u25a0 Nursegirl, 2 grown children, travel. $25.
French or German governess, knowledge of
music. $30. \u25a0 *
2 cooks, institutions, $35 each.
Lunch counter waitress. Rlohmond, $30.
Cook,; mining boarding-house, $30.
Girl, housework, San Rafael, $35.
.10 housework girls, city and country. $25-$3 O.
2 family cooks, one German. $10.
5 family cooks. $35.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clear/
light factory; - steady work; inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 1873 Mission
St., bet. 14th and loth. MR. HINDSHAAA'.
- ' V £
BRIGHT GIRLS, ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE.
TO LEARN SHIRTMAKING. WITH A
FIXED AMOUNT GUARANTEED WHILE
LEARNING. STANDARD SHIRT : FAC-
TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON.OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
GOOD >PAY: STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 32»rj FREMONT, ST. MR.
DAVIS. \u25a0 --.\u25a0 V . . : \u25a0-:
NEAT German; girl; -one who. does not speak
• ; Engllsh.pref erred, to assist- with housework;
• !!\u25a0 in- family; . small flat, :no washing; wage 3
••'. $12 to , start. ; Call between 11 . and 1 p. m.,
'.1476 Grove st. : . ' • .
WOMEN to learn hairdressing, manicuring and
massaging; only 7. takes; four. 'weeks;- special
j:-- terms to next 10 students: evening class. from
7ot 0. Moler System College. 405 Powell st.
WANTED — Young . women ' to > learn . telephone
\u25a0operating;' salary -while -learning: references
required. >A.pslj*. after 9 a.' m., 216 Bush 'St.,
third floor. .-.•.;'.• '\u25a0"';-': -
AA' ANTED— A young girl to do - second work;
""' Swedish or German .preferred. . Apply morn- •
Ings, 2010 Buchanan st. •
.AVANTED— Good -.cook, - general .housework.
* AA'estgate,. apartment 54, . Taylor et., between
Post and Sutter. 1
HELP "WANTED— FEII A IiE— Continued
A NURSE for an invalid lady |n°
A nurse for 2 young infants ....-•••• •*\u25a0*"
A French chambermaid, private family *•>''
A waitress and parlormaid, city j-.~
, A waitress and parlormaid, San Mateo \u2666\u25a0*»
A first-class cook, private family.- *^V
A laundress for a private lamily •>-•*
' _0 housework girls tor city and country. J>-W
to $30 a month. MISS PLUNKETT. 42S Sut-
ter. st.. near Powell. \u25a0
GIRLS to learn hairdressing. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z. in 1 mo. for ?i> to
' those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and even-ng
class. 234 Post at., room 17. second floor.
WANTED— GirIs to learn millinery for fall: 2
seasons from start to finish in 1 mo. for 515:
positions guaranteed $12 per week up: learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 16. 2d fir.
LEARN hairdressing. facial massage, manlcur-
ing.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day. eve. classes; positions wait-
ing ;$lO week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking.
1542 McAllister st.
GIRL to lcam tailoring; pay while learning.
Sfi2 McAllister st^ - -
S\LESLADY; must have experience with
photo supplies. Sunset Bazaar. 42 Third «t.
EXPERIENCED cashier and stenographer: $8
week; state references. Box 4660, Call offlce.
WANTED — A girl for second work and sewing.
1307 Hyde st. -
WANTED-J-Experienced millinery saleiwomen.
Apply between 9 . and 11 a. m. at HALS
BROS.' '
CASH girls wanted. ' Apply between » and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' .
WANTED — Experienced jewelry saleswoman
wanted. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m., at
HALE BROS.' - ,
"WANTED Young woman to do outside mail
order buying. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
„ at HALE BROS.' __
WANTED— Cash girls; must be 14 y« ars _ °\
age or over. Apply with age and school
certificate to superintendents offlce. Th«
. Emporium. _________
WANTED— Saleswomen for various depart-
ments. Apply superintendent 3 otnee. me
Emporium. ; •
WANTED— A young lady of good appearance
for reception room of photo etudlo; must
have knowledge of photo printing. Address.
stating salary expected, box 3840. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for Invalid
lady; good home; wages moderate; short dia-
tance from city. Box -8714 Call, or 1420 Fit-
teenth at.. Oakland.
WANTED — Alteration hands on coats and
suits. Call STRAUSS & FROHMAN. %107% 107
Post gt. '
LADIES— We do shampooing, manicuring and
hairdressing for 10 cents; open evenings;
flrst-clasa work.- '405 Powell st.
NEAT girl to assist In general housework In
family of 3: good home; wages $15 : refer-
ences. 402 Haight st. . \u25a0
AN energtic woman wanted for saleswoman
position: opening offers advancement to as-
sistant manager. Box 3533, Call offlce?
WANTED — Competent French girl for upstair*
Work. Call this afternoon. Monday or Tues-
day morning, -4008 Broadway.
LADIES wishing profitable spare time fancy
work, requiring no experience or Ulent. call
9 to 5. 1344 Market. St.. opp. Seventh.
OPERATORS, tuckers and finishers on ladles'
waists; good Day. JUDA BROS.. 320 Mar-
ket st. ...
A YOUNG girl to care for two young children:
wages $10 to $12 per month. Call at 375
Waller st., near Flllmore. ;
YOUNG German girl; care of children and
assist with housework. Apply morning?.
4021 Seventeenth st.
WANTED— Waist hands and Improves.
MULRONEY. 110 Geary at.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work In
• factory. 65«- Mission St.. third floor.
OPERATORS on children's wear to work In
f.tctory- 656 Mission st.. third floor.
FIRST-CLASS eklrt finishers wanted. 706 Sut-
ter st. . - .
WANTED — A German girt for upstairs work
and children. Call Monday. 8601 Clay at.
WANTED— GirIs of 16 years and older. -Ap-
. ply American Can Co.. 7th and Townsend.
FIFTY girls wanted for frultwork: good pay.
PACIFIC COAST SYRUP CO.. 713 Sansome.
WANTED— Finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits. Apply L. HORWITZ, 230 Sntterst.
BY young eouplo. girl for light housework:
sleep home. 620 Turk st.. apartment 406.
FIRST-CLASS waist helpers wanted. Apply
room 70. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED a finisher on coats. 229 Stevenson
st., room 5.
STRICTLY lst-class chocolate dipper: steady;
$12 wk. Wilson's Caady store. Palo Alto.
WANTED girl for second work and waitress.
Apply 2410 Pacific Aye.
BARBERS— Employment and Supplier.
BARBERS — Good opportunity • for marrind
man: one-chair shop: no opposition; bargain.
DSCKLEMAN. 106 Ellis st.
B\nBERS-^Cood shop and baths near city;
great chance if sold at once. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 108 Ellis et. ;
GREAT bargain; shop clearing $30 to $35 per
\u25a0week- fine location; cheap rent. Box 4700.
Call offlce. .
HAVE $150 cash to Invest in barber «hop, city
or country. What have you for sale? Box
6180. Call offlce, Oakland.
I WANT to buy 4 or 5 chair barber ahop;
wholesale district preferred; particulars. Box
3752, Call office.
WANTED— FIrst-class barber. 904 Broadway.
Oakland.
GOOD non-union barber at once; steady work.
19 West San Fernando st.. San Joae.
BARBER shop for aale. 817 L«guna. cor. Mc-
AUlster at.
BARBER chop, 2 chairs: living rooms In back.
757tfr Btannan gt.. near Seventh.
HELP WANTEJD — 3IALE.
FOREMAN for small stock ranch. $35 and
found: bookkeeper, country, $1OD; window
dresser, .$100: 2 lever men for dre<l?er. x $70
and found: 2 cement workers. $4 day: 10
carpenters. $3 to $4 day; 5 rough carpenter*.
$2 BO day* losrway man for mill. $40 and
found: laborers. ?2 and $2 25 day: furnace
men for mine. $2 30 and $2 BO day; man and
wife, private family. $.V> and found: butlers,
$45 and $50 and found: cooks, waiters and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
" mento at. --
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment Offlce.
ti2B Clay st.. near Kearny.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Santn Cruz, company work, no discount.
10 hammermen. $2 50: 10 cornermen. $2 30.
10 muckers. $2 and your board $4 50 week.
1 Fhlft boss at $1; FREE, FARE. SANTA
CRUZ.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
1 camp rook. $<'<'•: 1 camp blacksmith, $3.
2 roush painters, city. ?U SO; carpenter, $3 50;
20 laborers. FARE sOc. $2 50.
A SPECIAL baker and pastry cook, country
- hotel, party here. $t>T> and found:
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush at.
ANDRE'S offlce. 317 Stockton st. — Cooks.
' waiter?, butlers, gardsners. dairymen, milk-
ers butter-makers, farmers, bellboys, jan-
" itcrs. potwashers. vegetableraen, dishwashers;
at going wages. '• . "
i WANTED for U. S. array — Able-bodied, un-
! married men, between a_es of 21 and 35:
citizens . of United States, of good character
and temrwrate habits, who can speak, reaa
and write English. For information apply
to . R*-crultlns Officer." 2C4 Rialto bulMlng.
. New Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
BOY to learn blacksmith ' trade. 22 Cortland
avenue. -
MAN to work around% hotel. 1443 Harrison st.
BOY to run errrands and make hi nisei f gener-
ally useful. Sunset Bazaar. 42 Third at. »
CABINET makers wanted. 536 Howard st.
A -YOUNG man r handy Vlth carpenter tools.
341 ,3 Turk St.. 'from 7toSa. m.
BOY* wanted at 593 Mission st.
SPECIAL (Mivery boys wanted. Apply between
; 9 and 11 a." m.. at HALE BROS.'
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply CHA3. LYONS.
' London Ta'.lor, ; 721 .Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted. 706 Sut-
ter st. ' :.
DETECTIVES, to learn the business: money
made while learning. (104 Montgomery, r. 204.
PLATEN press- feeder wanted. 520 Market st.
BOY.iWanted to wash "dishes. 206 Leaven worth
\u25a0 . st.," between Turk and \u25a0 Eddy.^
BOY wanted at Boyson's drug store, Twenty-
. \u25a0; ..first and Valencia ats.
HELP WANTED — M A LE— Continued.
A— HURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Miiln 3343.
Our Own Printing
i Plant iseues our free list of positions four
times dally — 7 a. m., 10 a. m..
1 p. m.. 4 p. w.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION !
OUR INVESTIGATION A.YD SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP, CO AS OTHERS DO—
— SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
3IURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phone Main 3345.
THE RIGHT OF MAX TO LIVE, THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 1005 we hope t»
64.C00 men work. increase 64.C00.
LOS ANGELES— S3— GREAT CROWDS GO-
ING TO LOS ANGELES. $5.
56 two-horse teamsters, you" 11 suit, $60. L. A.
53 hammermen and dnirers, $75. L. A.
15 stx-horse teamsters. $75. *«. -~
192 extra and section gang laborers.
R. R. work. Get tickets to-day, $5. L. A.
Ship 9 a. m. to Los Angeles. S3.
MUP>r-AY & READY. 631-636 Clay at.
UPHOLSTERER, fare 20c. $2 day.
Wagon-maker, wood turner, city. $3 30 day.
Lime burner, fare $1. $2 30 to $3 day.
Handy man who can do little bricklaying,
factory, fare $1 30, you'll suit, $2 23 .to K3O
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, hotel, far* 50c. $85 found.
MURRAY & READT. 634-638 Clay at.
' FACTORY— STEADY JOB. ~~
25 laborer* for a factory. $2 20 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
( ARIZONA.
Arizona. Government vvor_.
5 drill runnera. $30. „„
6 tool sharpenen and camp blacksmith*. $30.
Two years' Government work; half r*t« R-
R. fare.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »C
MILLWRIGHTS.
25 millwrights for a largo lumber co.. 1108 fa.
SPECIAL LOW FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 63t-tf36 Clay at.
BOY. hitch up and chores about paint sho#.
fare 25c, $3 week and found.
2 upholsterers. "2 day.
6 plurrbers, $4 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-639 Clay • it. _
MECHANICAL.
5 cabinet-makers. .•
6 blanket weavers.
Machine hand, ripaaw, $2 23 day.
Tinter, $2 50 day.
Gang edgarman. north. $33 found.
Sticker hand, mill. $3 30 day.
6 weavers on blankats.
2 cabinet-makers.
14 blacksmiths, horseshoers. floonnan, •*»•
$3. $3 60 day.
Sticker hand, mill. $3 day.
3 BRICKLAYERS. $5 DAY.
MURRAY & READY. e34-636 Clay rt.
55 TIEMAKERS— SEE US.
65 WOODCHOPPERS— SEE LS.
MILLMEN AND AMALGAMATORS. 130.
ARE YOU MARRIED?
Farmer and wife. Yolo Co..' boss her*. $30.
Married coachman, fare 20c. $40.
"^SUBRAT yjR-SoT. 634-638 Clay t.
FREE FARE.
_'s_s?&__*ar_-- L _? i.'s-5i .'s-
5 p. m.. $07 50.
12 laborers, big new quarry. WI».
15 laborers around steam shovel. $S7 80.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay Wt. -. f
INCORPORATED COMPANY.
3S laborers, build boulevard. $60: far* woo.
OIL PIPE LINE. SOUTH. -
25 laborers: special fare: $13 round.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
194 laborers, different Joba, you 11 suit. \u2666»,
$73 and $43 and found: call early.
LABOrvERS— TEAMSTERS.
865 laborers and teamsters, ajfferent Job*
some tn San Francisco. $'_. $2 25. $2 30 day;
come see us. i __,
FARMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
65 general ranch hands. $30. $35. $40 fd.
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
67 men and boys for chores, $15. $20. $29.
$30 and found.
DAJRYMEN.
26 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30.
$3T>, $10 and found. _^^_,«
FREE TO SAWMILLS ANX> WOODS.
535 laborers, fare paid, you'll suit, $35, IW.
£45 and found.
STABLEMEN.
88 stablemen, different Jobs. $35 aad found
to $60 $73.
18 boys for different trade*. $4. $3. $8 *\u25a0«•_.
555 LABORERS. $60.
BUILD NEW RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
GREAT LUMBER COMPANY.
25 yard laborers. NE.. $67 50.
52 laborers. _rad<« railroad. >TE., $67 30.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay rt.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
45 cooks, different places. $90, $75, $30. 140
and found.
WAITERS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
26 waiters, different places, $43. $40. $30,
$25 and found.
PISHWASHERS. PORTERS. BEDMAKXRS.
30 waiters, different places. $33. $30, $29.
$20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN— BELLBOYS.
3<t laundrymen. all classes. S \u25a0',. $2 30. $2 _ay.
Bell and -leva tor boys, different Jobs.
BUTCHERS AND BAKERS.
Butcher, slaughter-house work. $40 found.
16 bakers' halDers. $70, $CO. $50. $45, $35.
$30. $25 and found.
LAUNDRY.
Polislier. shirts, cuffs, collars". $13 week.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
25 carpenters, house work, faxs $1. it* ad 7
Job. $3 30 day.
12 carpenters, eoectal Jobs, vpecial firi 12.
$3 50 day. v
15 CALKERS. WOOD SHIPS. $3 DAT.
15 CALKERS. FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Cay »t.
PAINTER and tinter. city, good Job. 's3 and
$3 50 day.
2 ttnsmtth-. city work. $2 to $3 day.
NEW JOB— CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, build clubhouses, boss her*.
|4> day.
Younjf man. irrocery store, city. $7 to $3 w_.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634-635 Clay it.
NOT FAR AWAY. NEW WORK. FREE FARE-
25 laborers, board and lodging $1 50; $80
to $67 60. . __.
6 laborers, no teaming, on ranch, $28 fd.
Boy for machine shop. $1 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay it.
OREGON— FRF.E FARE.
65 COAL MINERS.
SI TON— ARE YOU GOING T
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay rt.
INSTITUTION.
All-round mldUle-ased handy man with toolt
for an Institution, country. s^o and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
LOOK.
Boy, help painter, city. $1 day.
German young man. drive bakery wagon. 100
fare. $25 and found.
Young man press feeder. $9 week.
Brush ' hands, varnlshtng chairs, eta.. |3 to
Carriage painter. $3 day.
25 brid*:* carpenters. $00.
FACTORY. BOSS HERE.
25 laborers large country factory. $"0.
BUILD UP NEW FACTORY.
35 laborers, not far away. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay \u25a0-
" COAL MINERS. " ""*
MEXICO. • ' MEXICO.
250 Coal Miners.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6T.6 Clay «t.
TO-DAY.
10 laborers, great South company, $97 30.
PLUMDER.
Plumber, 2 years" experience, $2 50 day.
LOOK, v
2 carpenters, manufacturing plant, fare $t.
6 young men or boys to learn *ash and door
trade, far* $n. $125 day to start.
Sticker hand, mcidlng machine, fare $2 <S<\
53 10 day.
Turner and band sawyer, fare $2 60. $3 30
day.
Machine sticker band. $3 day.
CLERKS. LUMBER. ETC.
Lumber clerk, tally and work In yard, $2 30
day.
BOOTBLACKS.
4 bootblacks, special (rood Job, $3 SO week.
LOOK.
2 upholsterers, city, \u25a0 good wares.
Carpenter, finish work, private Job, city. St
day.
I SEXTON.' fcTC.
S<?_lon gar choreman. Catholic church. $03
ami found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay »t.
LOS ANGELES. $3. /
25 canvnters. bridge work. S!iO,
MURRAY & READY, frtl-tac Clay st.
2 PLASTERERS, city $3 day.
I Matcher hand, city "mill. ?4 day.
Mechanical draughtsman, city.
Canwasher. city dairy deDot. *4O and found.
MURRAY fc READY. 634-tfSG Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS ccatinaker wanted to work In-
gldg. LINDNER BROS.. 20S gutter st.
WAGON beys wanted. Apply Superintendent's
offlce. The Emporium.
WANTED— Boys of 16 years and older. Ap-
.-. Ply ; American Can Co.. 7th and Townsead.>the Market"— No M^
HELP WANTED — MALE— Continued.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* Emp.Agcy. Inc.
«35 Wa&hirurton st. Phone James 3301.
t carpenters, build c/juntry club. $4 day, 9
hours; 2 carpenter*, copper mine, build
bunkhcuses. etc.. "$lG.">, y hours; 2 car-
penters for gold \u25a0 mins. build bo&rdlng-
li<.-U£ca, etc, *l<-5, 9 hours; 10 carpenters,
near city, buiid rock, crusher, etc.. $105:
- brakerr.en, logging road, $70. north; 10
young men, box Cactoyy. $2 day: 20 pplkers
• in<J track layer?. $'J7 W; 20 sawmill hands,
?07 si_>; 4. axmen, $45 aiid found; blacksmith
lielper, mine co.. F>suth. 560 month: 3 la-
bOTcrc earae m!/ie. $C 0; harness-maker,
j-ar.ch. south, $4'J td.; 5 laborers, pull down
Imiifilnss. $W>; 2 /urnacemen. $67 50. only 75c
Fare; Oregon. PArt free fare, steady work.
if- to $4: labours, quarry. $2 to $2 25 day;
brickyard lab/-ers>, S2 25; drillers, cpen cut,
*t;7 5o; Santa Oruz la.b..r»>rs, $60. winter Job.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGCY.
635 Washington tt.
V-'ANTED--<.-aih boys 14 year* of a*«; apply
between and 0 on Monday. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. Powell ar.d Ellis tts.
V.'AXT';d — Exi*?r!e::c»>d salesman for men's
furn'jshing goods; only experienced men need
zp^f. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
KXF'ERIENCED salesman for men's clothing
d#partn.ent. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740
"Market «t.
ACTIVE trustworthy men of good address,
capable of presenting the "New International
Encyclopaedia." People, are interested and
an opportunity Is offered to make big money;
previous experience not necessary" ; we train
and fit each man for the work assigned him
Call or address DODD, MEAD & CO.. MS-
MS Parrott building, San Franc;sco.
WANTED — At onre, good, live canvasser* to
represent us throughout California; large
A commißSlona paid: complete outfit furnished
~ free; cood prospects for right party. For
full particulars address OREGON NURSERY
CO.. Ealem, Ore.
WANTED — Men EJid women to prepare for
flerk. railway mall service. In-
ternal revenue and other Government posi-
tions. App'y Pacific rorrespor.dence Insti-
tute, 10S5 Market tt. '
WANTED—M erchandise man for mall order
work; muFt have had bookkeeping experi-
ence; state age. experience, rrhere previously
'Wiploved and ealary expected; good position
for right party. Box 8891. Call.
WANTED — All talesmen and salesladies seek-
ing positions are requested to call at the
Retail Clerk Heafiquaners and Employment
Bureau. 114S Market ft., near Sixth, between
12 ar.d 2 cr 5 find 6 p. m.
MEN letrn the barber trade In S weeks: tul-
tton earned while learning; situations guar-
anteed; only up-to-date colleges in America.
MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborer* acd mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
e4ded 100 new rcoms to the Denver House.
217 Third gt. ; 250 rooms. 25c to 50c per night.
TTANTHt) — Men to learn barber trade; new
method; tuition earned wh!!e learning: posi-
tion ruaranteed after S weeks. GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Clay Et.
IUEN wanted to tack signs, distribute circu-
lars fcamples. etc.; permanent; good r<a y -
AMERICAN UNION. Prntlac bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— Young man, experienced candy
maker; must be sober, reliable, willing fo
work la etore. Address box 13. Orovllle. Cal.
TAlLORS— CoatmakTs wanted for the coun-
try- good places; steady Jobs. ARNSTEIN,
FIMON &. CO.. Market and Second sts.
YOUNG man to work a short time each cay in
exchange frr a bookkeeping or shorthand
course. S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 73S Mission.
— First-e!a.«s Window dresser ami
card writer; none ether need apply. S. N.
WOOD' & CO.. 740 Market ft.
WANTED — A'.l-round country printer; must;
understand job wcrk and presses and work
presses. Sausallto News.
EXPERIENCED drapery, salesman wanted.
Appiy between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED bey wanted to tend bar and
grocery • strictly temperate; references. Ap-
_ T'-y 1 572 FlWeer.th st.
WANTED — Men to fill 3i>o rooms at '-0c per
r.ight: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. <:S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
6AILOKS and ordinary e eamen lor all parts o£
the world at HERMANS. 27 Steuart st.
10.000 WORKINGSJEN to buy our genuine
army tthCO; all- inspected. 105 Third St.
6AILOHS and ycunp men (preen hands) for
fh:ps. HALLBERT M 7 Jackson st.
LABOR deb*« collected : suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment <"0.. 40 2d st.. rm. 522.
FBXSIOK alty.. E. A. I3u!!l«. r.40. Phelar. bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G A. R.
DAt'TEL tOßt* 1808 men to buy inspected
Government 5-hoe? at C3l Sacramento st.
WINCHESTER Hctel. 44 Third St.. nr. Mar-
ket — 700 rtmrriß; 35c r.ipht: reading-rooms.
free buy and baccate to and frrm ferry.
A BRANCH effire cf The Call for th* recep-
tion ci advertisements and subscriptions has
been craned at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth." Open until II o m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription? received at
Call Branch c?flce. 'cor. Duncan & Church sty.
SAI.ES.MEX WANTED.
eALESMEN^To~s«n as tide line the best and j
largest line of ecuver.ir post cards published: j
w our men are making $7 to $lf> p-t day with |
J» pocket line of HUBntei; the demand far scu-
v*>r.!r cards is phenomenal, so get our line
quick and make blp commissions easy. J.
J AUSTEN CO.. 220 E. Van Buren ft..
-Chicago. lil.
HORDES AND WAGONS.
ONE farm wagon; 2 sand wagons; 2 big plat-
form v&eona; '2. one-hore' 1 - *xpress wagons;
one doctor buggy; fine rubber tire runabout;
sM kinds of business burgles: 5 top wagons
and carts of all kinds. 1503-5 Folcom st.
BIG pcund draft horse. $Ci: good wcrk horse,
$&; four driving horws, $15 up; horse, har-
negs. light wagon. $?,(*. S7 Croke et.. off
Mission, near Cfctna aye.
EEOOSD-HAICD par.*! top wagon; Victoria;
rubber tire coupe: Toomey road cart: leather
top rarrlape. and phaeton: cheap at 000 Gold-
en Gate aye.; also 2 sets 2d hand harness.
rV'R tale — 1375 Eddy. Eclipse Stable, span b.
mare?, rtne drivers: b. nfidinc, 17 hands; blk.
jr»ld.. 16*4 hands; 2 fine drivers. 15V4: pony.
JI'PT arrived on* carload of Rood horses; for
sale. 411 Pixih Ft. : " y: '-\-
FOR sale— A fine hack, for less than half of
value; barpain. 211 Twenty-seventh Bt.
GOOD busings* »nd wagon horses for sale
chezp. J. TOMKINFUN CO.. 75 Minna st.
f- GOOD plow horse» for sale. 875 Fclsora et.
WANTED— Good reliable horse for light
wcg-on. Box 3830. Call.
AUCTION f-ale of horse*, wagons an 4 harness
every Wednesday at 31 a. m.. 327 Sixth «t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The \u25a0\V?ek!y Call.
16 pag«»s. tn wrapper", for mailing. $1 per year.
J^ , HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED dat of houses to let; Bend for cir-
cular. G. H. CMBSSK & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
FOR rent— G-rooJii house, bath, garden, barn;
yard 'or chickens; <>ne b!c>ck from Golden
Gat» Park, NE. cor. 2uth aye. and I st.: rea-
wnable r^ct. furnished or unfurnished, to
right pcopie.
J-tARGAIN — Sunny house; 7 rooms, bath; wun-
nv yard: reasonable; no agents Box 3S$2,
<-all office.
$17 f>o FOR house of 6 rooms nnd bath; newly 1
papered end painted. 312 Hickory aye.
HOUSES FL'ItN'ISIIED — FOR SALE.
g~FI'RNIEHED rooms and bath; eunny; very
oh«>ap; $1W: rent $22 .V>; good place to rent
out room*. 421 Sixth fit.
$.4iiO_TKN Hpfct outside rr>orr.B; all rented;
also nice yard; cheap rent; bargain. 817
Post ct.
FT'RNIFHED house of 11 rooms for 6ale: rent
$40. Phone Geary 1705 or box 3742. Call.
10 ROOMF: well furnished: nicely located;
$\u266600. 792 EJlis rt.
HorsES to t-vyr—syßvupA^;.
FURNISHED or unfurnished hous* in San Ma-
tfo for rent. .Apply to MARY A. LEE,
Hotel Mftteo.
HOUSES TO I,ET— -MILIj VALLEY.
6UNNY villa, furnished. 7 rooms, bath. TUR-
NER. 312 Mcntcorr.ery st.
COTTAGES TOJJET^
COTTAGE. 3 large rooms, basement and large
yard. 2105 Larkln ft.
HOTELS.
_SK»TEL~~St. Nicholas. Market. Larkln. Hayes
n M fc H«««rt «f S. F. : modern; American and
' l.'uropean plans: electric lights and phone
in every room; hot and cold water; quiet.
IXVALIP 'CHAIRS.
6OLD, rented. «>xchangr-<1 : manufacturer of lhe
Eame* trjclcle chair. 2016 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
INFORMATION WANTED.
MILLER — Information wanted of Frederick
Miller, who In the year 1893 resided at 11
Capp «t., San Francisco, Cal., by his sister,
Marie Sandbloom. of 319 Leonard st.. Brook-
lyn. N. Y. .
_ JAPANESE CONTRACT LABOR. __.
JAPANESE contract labor for farming, wood-
chopplntf tree pruning or any work; estab. 5
yrs. Mateumoto & Co.. box 125. Alvarado, Cal.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— The following passbooks with the Hi-
bernia Pavings and Loan Society, -in the
names of : Franoes Tlerney. No. 266-3 SI; Id*
C. Tlerney. No. 210-432; Ellen Tierney. No.
226-370; Thomas Tlerney, No. 296-608; Bridget
Curran. No. 258-863; Ellen Curran, No. 280-
233; James or. Ellen Tlerney, No. 131-728.
The finder win please return to bank.
LOST— A Persian lamb collarette on Thursday
night, October 12, going from Techau's Tav-
ern to Mason and O'Farrell sts.; suitable re-
ward: bring to 1330 California st., near
Leavenworth.
LOST— Og Powell St.. between O'Farrell and
Eddy or on Halght-st. car, a lady's open-
faced gold watch; Initials on back N. S.
Return to 1042 Halght st. and receive reward.
LOST— A. passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARGARET BURNS. No. 218-629.
The flnder win please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ANGELA TOMAZO: No. 229-451.
The flnder will please return to bank.
LOST— Lady's diamond and ruby set gold lock-
et; Initials "A. N. G." on back; $5 reward
at room 67. 218 Stockton et.
LOST— Purse, round metal top; keepsake. 1301
Taylor st
LOST— Sunday— Gold I. C pin: rewari. COS-
GROVE. 110 Goary st.
LOCKET lost; engraved J. F. C. Return to
2!> Sansome st. : reward.
LOST— Lady's gold diamond set watch; mono-
gram S. B. ; liberal reward. 1335 Mason st. :
FOITND— An anchor: owner can have same.
1111 Fountain st., Alameda.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A, McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of ciay
«t., for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
31ISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H. E. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards, Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a "brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready fcr immediate delivery.
ir-inch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (new)
pipe i 3 95 per hundred feet (new)
1-lr.ch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
lV«-lnch pipe $7 60 per hundred feet (new)
1 pipe $S 90 per hundred feet (new)
2-lneh pipe... $11 95 per hundred feet (new)
2H-ln- screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.lOc
3-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 12 Vic
SU-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.lsc
4-in. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use.l9c
tend by check, money order or coin by W.F.
Express Co. with order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office 130 Beale Bt.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2d-HA>»D machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MACHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILF.RS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR eale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fix-
tures: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK- BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St.. S. F.
A— BUYS, sells and rente gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW,. 536 Main st.
$3 TO $7 — Sinper and other machines; ntedles
15c per dozen; oil sc: oil cans sc; 3 spools
cotton sc. IS7 Six'h st.
1 COLUMBUS surrey and ruhbt-r-tired phaeton
in good repair. J. *.. JOKES, Twenty-first
are. and Twenty-eighth st. .-.<--":
30-H.P. traction engine <uaniel, best make),
used few times. . JOHNSON & HORAN. 602
Thira St. . . 1' .
SCOTCH collie puppies, registered; prize- win-
ning stock; nicely marked. L. J. ROMER,
114 Post st. . \u25a0
SECOND-HAND gas ranges and heaters bought
*2 fol-1; g"as and coal ranges, heaters, etc., dls-
ennnected. connected and repaired. 822 Post.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
told and exchanged; powe*- plants In their
entirety bought. Western Mhy. Co.. 230 Main.
14-K gold fountain pens. 50c; Sheffield hollow-
ground razors. 50c; celling out our cutlery &
stationery dept. SUNSET BAZAAR. 42 3d st.
ELEGANT 5Vi-it. bathtub; 1 20x30 W. E.
sink: 1 30-gal. boiler; combination, $18. 213
Fourth ft.
A— GENTS' full dress suits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton Ft., second floor.
PONY planer, shaper, planer and matcher,
tennonlng and morticing machines. 602 ad.
BFAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring. 2 carats,
$100. PAUL V. GARIN, 114 riutt-r it.
MAGNIFICENT pear", and -liam-jncl clutter
ring glOa PAUL V. GARIN lit gutt-»r vt.
FOR SALE — Gas range, used one- month: bar-
galn. ISO 6 Mission at.
ENGINE lathe, 19-foot bed. 34-lnch swing. 602
Third st.
FOR sale — Small wine press; live oak; price
. $6. Sl3 Mission st.
DUCK club membership for sale; Suisun
-if.rshes. Box 5000. Call office. .
DESKS and office furniture bouitht. sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C HUGHES— Printer. 611 6an»ome St..
San Frandeco.
SOLID diver tea eet, 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth gt. j
LARGE show tent in good condition. W. A.'
PLUMMER. 11l Clay st. -
MILES of pipe and fittings, all elres. cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS, 109 VaDejo «t.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. 805 Kcarny et.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
fcale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
6A FES— New and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFK CO.. 417-27 Sacramento St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, eale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poet »t.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, *ent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
FINE collection of mineral specimens and
curios, exchange for good piano. Box 38 < A
Call. : - ' —
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles' gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
WE pay cash ladle* 1 and gents 1 clothing. Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors. 154 Oth; tel. Howard 1187
BUYS any 'amount of castoft clothing, etc.
MRS. MORRIS, 934 Folsom ; phone Jessie 446.
WANTED— To buy 100 Angora goaU. Ad-
<3i-»eii J. W. SWALES. Hopland. .
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
A- Co.. 4QO-401 Adams bldg- 200 Kearny st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
•Knglii-h upright, foiw practice, $55.
French upright, a little better, $05.
Also a Chlckering. Vose 4 Sterling, Curtaz,
Smith & Barnes, Mozart, Neuman, from $145.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Famli et.
OUR larßt» and increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the best pianos in the city for
$2 50 and $3 per month, eocie at $2; one
year's rental allowed if piano Is purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayea.
WANTED— To rent or buy on easy terms a
large harp, by an expert musician. Harp-
iste, 619 W. 11th St.. Los /.ngeleg, Cal.
AN eleeant upright piano, goo<". as new, will
be cold to-day at a sacrifice. Call from 8:30
a. m. to 9 p. m., 5K4 Valencl i «t.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st., manufacturer
Hornung Bros.' pianos; agt. Laffargm; piano.
ELKOANT uprights, new. 2d-'iand, $40-$5OO.
PIERCES Piano Factory, Mirket and 14th.
CHICKERING upright, $165. :iT7 Geary, st.
ALMOST given away: unredeened storage 'pl-
anos. furn. White head's stortge. IGTI6 Mrkt.»
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy plaxios Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 301-312 Pott Pt. -,-.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
mentn. SCHMITZ & CO.. l«l McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand.
Shoninger little used. Keeffe't; 285 O'Farrell.
MUSEUMS.
DrTIIEBIO BTAFF Free Mu«<!Um of Anatomy
moved to 1C23 Market et., n«-ar Sixth.
THE SAN VkaNUSCO CALI^ MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1905;
money to loan.
aTa^herman" murphy.
- 601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlement*; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly: r,
Estates second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. .
Courteous treatment. Strictly ! confidential.
When you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. .-
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIB NOTE:
Mo. ; Seml-Mo. "Week.
$50— Return to us $13 35 or $6 65 or $3 35
30 — Return to us 800 or 400 or 200
20— Return to u5..... 585 or 2 65 or 135
18 — Return to u5..... 400 or 200 or 100
Or any other sum and pay back In proportion.
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO., 500 Rlalto bldg..
New Montgomery and Mission sts.
™ WILL LOAN . .- •
reasonable amount on
Ist, 2d or 3d .
- Mortgages on real estate , \u25a0
In city, town or country. '•
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property, -
Location, etc. *
Box 223. Call office. ...\u25a0..\u25a0
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st., near Market.
2d door. . .
Loans made to salaried people " without any
• publicity or other Inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate id probate; life
insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages, assignments of rents, etc.
SALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment!
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
1)78 Marker St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market ft. and 2" Third st. .
ANY amount quickly on furhltur* .or piano
without removal or other security 1 lowest
rates; no commission; confidential, j 306-7
Donohbe bldg.. 8 Taylor «t.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; <asy payments; large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott b)dg.
A — Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages, life insurance, ov on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 G*ary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg.. SO9 Market.. cor. 4th. suite 1, est. IStJS.
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY.
Any proposition, 49 2d St.. Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage-Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
ALVA Co. (The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security.- 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security; also on
furn. estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount, real estate or other security:
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. &.
LOANS — Salaried people; "confidential": 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 513-
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
ua. Hulton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 63S Kearny.
McGARVIE & C 0. .720 Market St.. loans money.
65 U. SO per cent of valuation of property. '
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid*.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities;* instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 1002>-i Market St., opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured in
24 hours; 19 years' experience without a fail-
ure; no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. £>r. Sylvester's office, 1206 Market.
1 DRS. GOODWINS' herb treatment: reliable,
! safe, prompt for female Irregularities; .relieL"
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. S5O Mkt. St., suite 37.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— urflce and residence
1021H Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth «t.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2M5 Folsom St., corner
Twenty-sixth; ladies, relief. or no fee; $10.
DR. HOWARD, ladles' specialist — RMrfef or no
fee: $10; hours. 9 to 9. 906 Market gt.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MISSION. 607, corner First'-2 floors suitable
for light manufacturing; will arrange to suit-
tenant. Apply BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25
Post st.
FOR rent — Elegant office suits on second floor;
corner Montgomery and SulUr 8t5. ;.7 large
windows. Apply room 6. 40 Montgomery st.
MAJESTIC bldg.. 1281 Market St., nice modern
offices to let, $10 i>er month and up.
GROUND floor office. 238 Montgomery St..
with street window and vault room; $50 mo.
LARGE store with big basement, Clay st.,
above Montgomery. Owner. 636 Clay, r. 1.
PERSONALS.
•~^"""^ "R^XRADIO^ PROOFS/^^^*^"*
"WONDERFUL TESTIMONY" of Mr. C. En-
gleke or the Cal. DEMOKRAT, late owner
and editor of Cal. JOURNAL, a man for 40
years universally known and respected in
S. F.: "MY RHEUMATISM, which off and
on 1 had 20 years, at times BEDRIDDEN lor
days and WEEKS, was completely CURED
74 days ago and still STAYS cured. Lest
week I SAW and now positively VOUCH for
the following: MY DAUGHTER'S large
GOITRE nearly all disappeared by ONE
treatment. Mr.' Ellwood (Ul4 Howard) had
LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA; "wTiich prevented
RAISING foot or leg, arm DEAD and IM-
MOVAELE, by ONE treatment MOVED arm.
RAISED leg to table top and LEAPED
often. NOTED CITY PHYSICIAN'S deaf
ear heard distant WHISPERING by one
treatment. Another DEAF - ear heard
WHISPER at 20 feet after I had touched it
ONE MOMENT with a handkerchief which
Rexradlo had CHARGED with his h'd
RADIUM power, though he never personally
' came into contact with the patient, who
Etood 20 feet froni him. PROMINENT PRO-
FESSIONAL man badly PARALYZED, could
not RISE from a chair without two persons
LIFTING him up. also could not raise foot
from floor. Instantly ROSE from chair UN-
AIDED and LIFTED foot from floor. DEAF
MUTE Instantly HEARD and SPOKE many
words that were WHISPERED to her (one
treatment). PARALYTICS LEGS, very
feebie. instantly LEAPED over a CHAIR
laid on its elde on | floor. Practically
D-U-M-B man Instantly SPoKE Intelligibly.
The written and signed TESTIMONY of all
these grateful patients was also signed by
the following EYE-WITNESSES and I will
give you all their ADDRESSES: Dr. C.
Henry O. Ellis. C. Willltts. M. Henry, M.
Roberts Chas. Henry A. Stanley. S. Don-
aldson. 'L. Grant. B. Cerf and others, all
citizens of position and character, whom
you can INTERVIEW. The DENIAL of
any who have NOT taken the trouble to
WITNESS these marvels is wind and value-
less. Above patients and several witnesses
can be SEEN daily at Rexradlo's offices. 2
to 6 p. m.. 509 KEARNY st. WRITE or
CALL on me, evenings. 221 Steiner st. C.
ENGLEKE." CUT THIS OUT FOR SICK
FRIENDS. WRITE or CALL on me (even-
ings). 221 STEIXER st. C. ENGLEKE."
"ItEXRADIO'S" office hours, 2- to fl. .Con-
sultation free. CUT THIS -OUT FOR SICK
FRIENDS. CALL for. CIRCULAR. A
FREE SAMPLE of the H'D RADIUM
POWER given to ALL VISITORS,
W-A-T-C-H this column. 509 Ktarny st.
DR MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer: he will
challenge • the world to produce its equal;
shipped to all parts 61 world. 382 O'Farrell.
$1 and $2 50 size bottles: take no substitute.
H MIZUHARA. Japanese artist, has removed
his art repairing Bhor> from 424 Powell st. to
504 Powell St., near Sutter. :,
PRIVATE detective wants employment; best
of bank and business references. Box 3507.
Call: - \u25a0-.-\u25a0•" ' - - ' \u25a0\u25a0' -'\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0'\u25a0-\u25a0
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and' trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ' \u0084
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hair dress-
erg. Star Remedy Co., S2l P6lk st.
ANY one knowing whereabouts of Joseph Eng-
lano pleas* notify his. mother, 443. Eddy »t.
OLD picture frames reflnlfhed like new; reason-
able. ;: -Cal If^rnla_DecoratlngrCo^2^6JEith^st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $t per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor, .729 Market; st.
MISS UNDERWOOD, electric needle, epecial-
isl. 814 Sutter »t. Phone ' East 5640. ; ; . .
8 BRAND new tailor-made : men's ; suits, -cost
; $25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr; California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK: suits tp order $15 up.: J LEMOS,
1127 Market st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.. J;
PERSONAIiS~CoatInn*d.
TRIAL treatment freer charges reasonable; ner-
vous & stomach troubles, kidney and bladder
ailments & rheumatism- cured by electricity;
lady patients only: hours 10 a_m. to 3 p.m.'
Mrs. Burtzer, 210 Powell, r. 22: take elevator.
MRS. ALICE SHAW, the . world . renowned
whistler, will beat Hotel Rex for the follow-
ing week and will be pleased to meet any of.
her old pupils. \u25a0..'-,; .:\u25a0 .•. • . :._... . .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONG' HIM, . herb - doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body:; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now.lo-'
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.' ": ; ,
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-'
eases cured .by Chinese herbs. 74R-B. Clay st."
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner In good . paying business;
only $160 required; muet be sober and honest.
Call 517 Eighth St., Oakland. ' \u0084..
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up;. 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per, 5c up. Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third.-
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreign;
patentjaw. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
> PROPOSALS.
PUUi'OSALS— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at the office or the State Board of
Prison Directors. 331 Pine st.'. San Fran-
cisco Cal.. and will be opened between the
hours of 1 and 2 o'clock -p. m.. October la.
IJKIS lor furnishing and superintending the
treciion ot an oil tuel burning plant at tha
htate prison at San Quentln. according to
the general outline specifications and prints
011 me with Brainard F. Smith. , clerk of the
£tate Board of Prison Directors, at said of-
nee. The board will l«t the contract to the
lowest bidder who. In its judgment, sub-
mits the best and most satisfactory proposi-
tion, complying with all terms of the re-
quirements and specifications.- reserving the
right to reject any and all bids .for cause.
The. general outline specifications adopted
by the board, with the prints, are to be used
as a guide to bidders, who are expected to
examine the boilers, boiler-room and equip-
ment now at the prison, so as to submit all
tiioper pumps, fittings and material for com-
plete oil burning equipment, and they are
expected to submit: plans with full descrip^
tton of their proposed arrangement of the
necessary machinery, conforming to the re-
quirements and intent of the specifications.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn upon some responsible
bank, payable to the president of the board.'
! lor at least 10 per cent' Of the amount of
the bid. which will be forfeited if the suc-
cessful ' bidder should refuse to enter into
the contract provided by the board and give
a bond equal to one-half the amount, satis-
:actory to the board, upon notice of accept-
ance. ROBERT T. DEVLIN. President. .
BRAINARD F. SMITH. Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR CLOTHING AND EQUIP-
AGE. — Depot Quartermaster's office. 3H N*w
Montgomery at., San Francisco. California.
14, 19C5 — Sealed proposals in tripli-
cate,, subject to the usual conditions, will be
; received here until 10 o'clock a. m., Novem-
ber 14.- 15)05, and then opened, for furnish-
ing and delivering at either the Chicago. St.'
Louis, San Francisco or Seattle depots of
the Quartermaster's Department, U. S.
Army:- 12,000 corn u brooms and 1000 scrub-
bing brushes. Th«r right is reserved to re-
ject or accept any or all proposals or. any
part thereof. Preference will be riven to
articles of domestic manufacture, conditions
of quality and price (Includln? price of for-
eign productions or manufactures the duty
thereon) being equal. Standard samples can
be seen at, and blanks for proposals and full
Information will be furnished upon appli-
cation to, this office. Envelopes containing
proposals to be Indorsed "Proposals for Cloth-
Ing and Equipage, . 8577 — 2416. to be opened
at 10 -o'clock a. m., November 14, 1905."
• C. A. DEVOL, Depot Quartermaster, U. . S.
Army.
PROPOSALS for purchase of condemned Q. M.
supplies. — Depot Quartermaster's Office,
North American building. Philadelphia, Oc-
tober 9, IWs.— Sealed proposals, in tripli-
cate, subject to conditions stated in circular
to bidders, copies of which can be had upon i
. .application to . this office, will be received I
:t;here until ,11 : of clock a. m., Wednesday, No-
vember 8, 1905.- for tlie purchase of 127 lots
of Condemned Clothing, Equipage and Ma-
terials. Blanks for proposals and full infor-
mation will be furnished upon application. '
Envelopes containing proposals to, be in- '
dorsed "Proposals "for .--.•; Purchase ,of Con-
demned Supplies, to be opened November. 3,
1905," and addressed to LT. COL. J. W.
POPE, Deputy Q. M. General, U. 8. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
BIDS lnv ted for Architectural, building — No-
tice Is r.ereby given that sealed bids will be ;
received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley, on or
before {\u25a0 p. m., October 10, for tlie Archi-
tectural building as per plans and : specifica-
tions on file at said office. No bids will be
considered unless accompanied by a certified
check or bdna In favor of the undersigned,
equal to 10 per cent of the bld ( with suffi-
cient sureties, conditioned that, if the bid be
accepted, the bidder will enter Into & con-
. tract faithfully to perform the obligations la
accordance with said bid and with said plans
and specifications. The right to reject any or
all bids Is hereby reserved. The Regents ot
the University of California.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sole.
W. .J. WHITE COMPANY.
Successors to
WHITE & BAYLEY.
$750 down, balance 14 years, monthly pay-
ments; 68 aqres, 3 miles Capltola: 20 acres high
state cultivation: 4 acres full bearing apples,
pears, grapes; 15 acres In potatoes, corn hnd
beans; abundant water piped to buildings; 5
acres hay land; balance timbered pasture; B-
room, harrt-flnished house, not and cold water;
barn, 5 pqultry. houses. C outhouses; energetic
couple can clear $ICOO a year easy: $3200.
$1000 doyn. any terms; 41 acres; one mile of
town, 60 miles city; vegeiaolo loam; 2-8 acres
full bearlnj: prunes and apneots; 10 acres corn
and potato land; 6-room house.; 2 barns; fine
poultry and brooder hou6ee, with wire, netting
yards: sfiv&ral large incubators: 1200 -young
hens: fine income: $5000.
$1000 — 40 < 'acres level valley land, oue mile
of Orland: rtne orchard, vines, berries; modern
7-room house; nice yard and shade trees; 2
good barns: windmill; poultry * houses; well
fenced ;• $250*. . , .
$2000—12 acres level loam; 4 acres orchard;
one mile town, 60 miles city: cottage. 5 rooms;
new barn and wagon ehed; 15 tons hay; wagon,
bUßgy, harness, horse, tools. , .
$4t>(/o— Aero land, good , town, saloon, larpe
stock liquors, good fixtures; public hall; black-
smith shop and tools; poultry and brooder
houses; windmill and tame; good 5-room cot*
tage. •. \u25a0 •. :
$2500-r-10 acres, close to Sebastopol, on elec-
tric road: coay cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
tarn; poultry and brooder nouses; fruit, grapes
and berries; horse, wagon and tools; $1700
down. ' . , • \u25a0 .
$2;!50 — 30 acres rich soil at Yountville; 6
acres orchard., 3 acres vineyard, an bearing:
cottage, 5 roonis; barn, poultry, and brooder
houses, 2 inculMtors; wagon* buggy, horse,- 4
cows, . 700 chickens. .
$2000 — 5% acres full bearing apricots and
prunes, near Sain Jose; cozy 4-room cottage;
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash.- '.. ' ;' -\u25a0' ' . . \u25a0\u25a0- - .
$873 down — 7 seres sandy loam, on eleqtric
road, near Santa Rosa ; gbol dwelling;, barn,
poultry housee; grapes and berries; $1400.
$5000 — 25 arrfP sandy loam, 2,)hiles of Hay-
ward; 2 acres vineyard, 2 acres orchard, mostly
apricote; modern residence, . 10 > rooms, gas,
bath; large stable, windmill and tank; 1 poultry
houses; water plpod over .place; lovely, view;
easy terms. We liave many choice homes* to
snow you in this locality. - .
$16,500 — General 7 farm and dairy In Marln'
County; mile of station and creamery; modern
residence, &" rooms? and bath; 3-room cottage
for tired help; 2 large barns, milkhouse; water
piped to" buildings; family . orchard; fine soli
for hay, grain or potatoes.
We are making- a specialty of 5 and 10 aer*
homes on, the electric roaa between Petaluma
and Sebastopol. with or without buildings, on
a very small paynn nt ; down , and balance long
term at 5 per cent fnterest. 'See. them to-day.
Send stamp for la;rge printed'list. : \u0084•\u2666\u25a0'
26 J Montgortiery» St.. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty. x \
AAA— "OUR PRICED" on ranches are lower
than anywhere el«« \u25a0 because, wo do not add
huge commissions ,on to the owner's price;
we only hand I* places we "know", to be good:
we •'never".misrepr<senta place; see us and
save 20 p«r cent: Santa Cruz County -land a
specialty. 3 BURR-PJiDDON CO.; 40 'Mont-
gomery St., • San . Framcisco. Cal. \u25a0 , .
BIGGE6T bargain In California— Bo acres rich
land. 1 only 4 miles of: Watsonville, Santa Cruz
County; 20 acres bea,ring 10-year-old apple»;
10 acres 8-year-old i apricots:^ good house,
barn. 2 i wells ; prlcv only : $4780. : BURR-
P ADDON: CO.. 40 \u25a0 Montgomery st. ,"\u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0 .-.;-.\u25a0
ALFALFA irrigated, lands, i $25 .per "acre; $1
down, $1 month: no f Interest; call or write
' for pamphlets, INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO.. 907. K0hl bid., : cor. Cal. and Monfy. «ti.t
$10,000 BUYS halMnterwt In 240-acre poultry
farm- - 4000 laying hens; hatching capacity
• 20,000."'. Address • Maywood ; Poultry : Farm,
/ Corning.. Cal. r - j : -\u0084-:..- \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0_-\u25a0\u25a0
471 ARES, flrteen' miles from Stockton;: best
alfalfa and Tokay . grape : land In I the • State; ,
Irrigable. \u25a0 Owner, ,454 >!4th,Bt.. Oakland.", . /-
A MONTHLY catalogue oountry : land bargains
tent free. C.; M. W7OOSTER'CO.,'64B Market.
Poultry ranches. ,: Write to J.W.- Horn Co.-, Pet-
aluma, for free copy -of Sonoma Co, bargains.
REAL: ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
AT AU CXI O N
ENTIRE* BLOCK
50 BEAUTIFUL ' ; ~-V
: . RESIDENCE
LOTS.
1-5 CASH. BALANCE IN 1, 2, 3 & 4 YEARS.
THURSDAY,
\u25a0'•-... OCTOBER 19, 1905,
AT 12 O'CLOCK.
AT 116 MONTGOMERY ST.
-We will positively sell at public auction as
above stated the entire block, containing CO
lots, fronting on
FIFTH AVENUE,
SIXTH AVENUE.
Every lot on grade of street; street bltunjln-
Jred, graded, sewered, gas and water piped,
stone walks, - etc. ; no further expense.
.Look at this property at once; beautiful
views; only one block from the world-famous
Golden Gate. Park, and near all th« principal
attractions of the Park; two lines of electric
cars; close to Affiliated Colleges and to the
site recently purchased for the' Polytechnic
High School, upon which will shortly be spent
$350,0C0.
No other resident section growing so fast;
23 new buildings in a «hort radius and every
one of them of a superior character. i
No land Is a *afer Investment; In all cities
proximity to the Park calls for the best prices;
this will 'be ho exception.
The Western Addition is now built right up
to this block; Us future is assured; see It at
once and be on hand at this great credit auc-
tion sate. Take Ellls-st. Park cars and Ocean
line cars direct to 6th aye., or Halght st.. and
transfer at the Park.
LYON & HOAG.
llti Montgomery st.
MARINE view lots.
$300 Each. Easy Payments. No Taxes. No
Interest.
Adjacent to Improvements Costing Millions.
Two -Electric Roads Will Be Runnlne Inside
of One Year.
Absolutely Cheapest. Unimproved Lots Offered
/ . 'in Golden Gate Park Dtstrict. -
Lots Will Double In Value In a Few Months.
E. J. HOOPER, 26 Montgomery street.
SELLING ".- '
TO BEAT THE BAND. ;
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$276— Elegant level building lots, close to
school; fine car service on Mission st. : cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone Is not polluted
with smoke and dust, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe: no Interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH. "
$400 — For finely located lots 3 blocks south
Of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY..
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
BEAUTIFUL suburban homes in the heart
of San Francisco on the one . sunny street
In the Weetern Addition, JORDAN AVE-
NUE. SO feet wide from California, st. to
Geary St.; large lots: seven feet guaranteed
; between all houses: first-class two-story resi-
dences: lowest cash prices; easy terms if
' desired. SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBUR-
BAN HOME BUILDING SOCIETY. 703
Market at. V
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 713 Jas. Flood building.
We build on your property or buy you a
lot; you make a small cash payment., then
$8 per month pays principal and interest on
'each $1000 of balance . due, making your
monthly- installments less than rent; call or
send for circular. " '
$3.':00— House of 7 room and bath: lot 25x100.
$1600—^House of 5 room; lot 25xlC*>.
j«>4o0 — House^of 4 rooms and bath: lot. 50x10".
Lot on t*rr"«" " x " ' .'.'. . • 4438 Mlsslon_,s{; \u25a0\u25a0'
NEW, modern 6-rodm houses; every conveni-
ence; 835-847 Castro St.; cars pass door; easy
terms. \u25a0 same as rent. MOISE, owner, 417
.•' Market st. . \u25a0
DON'T build before Investigating Marshall &
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages.' Aronsoh building. 84 Third St.
BEAUTIFUL piece of Income property. » built
right, new; rents $I*s; builder on premises
to-day: Hayes, at Stanyan; G. G. Park;
$16.000. ,__ . .
COTTAGES. 4 and .5. 5 rooms; terms same as
rent. Apply owner, lumber yard. cor. Army
and Condon sts. ____;
CORNER' in Sunset: sell or exchange for
property across the bay; no ageht3. Box
3565, Call -Office. . '
5-ROOM cottage: modern Improvements; easy
y terms. See owner. 612 Preclta ay.: Folsom car
BARGAIN — Beautiful home; 7 rooms, bath.
551-575 . Seventh aye.. Richmond District.
$tSOO— BARGAIN: 3 flats; just completed. 140
Tremont aye.. near Frederick st.
NICE house and 2 lots. . close to cars\ on San
Bruno road. 37 Wheat st. . \u25a0 ' \u25a0
" PIEDMONT REAL ESTATE.
7 A~LoigTTo tlhe~owne"rT~"
A BARGAIN FOR YOU!
\u25a0 One of the most desirable residence lots In
the Alta Piedmont Tract will be sold at con-!
siderably less than adjoining lots can be bought
on account of owner leaving the State; 50-foot
frontage on Pala aye.; 80-foot street in rear:
unbroken view of the bay: street work, sewers
and sidewalk complete; apply at once. WM.
M." BUTTKRS JR.. 4H3 Eleventh st., Oakland.
BURLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
GOING FAST.
GOING FAST.
Get In before the b»st-are gone; nothing to
compare;wlth our lots In Burlingame: lots. 50
feet, $450 upward; macadam streets, sewer and
water.
LYON. & lIOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Large tract in Sahta Clara County;
• suitable for subdivision. Box 3502. Call.
• SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st... San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls, from July l.to October 1, 1900:
Beulah Drew Vance, 5 years: Agnes E. Sul-
livan, 11 years; Rose. May. Gulon, 5 years;
Candace M. Wilson. 10 years; Julia C. Cook.
6 years: Violet Murch. years; Maud
' Murch. !) years: Gertrude Lucas. 11 years;
Margaret Crotty. 8 years. -.-..- .-.._-.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine forfamlly use; bc«t
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price;, all kinds rented lowest raten. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market. st.. near Sixth.
: ALL kinds second-hand. , $3, _$.">, $S: slightly
used. $10, $15, $20. . You know where dolls
swing in the window, 1051 Market Pt.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped.- 72.">-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant im. .
UNION Square Transfer and ' Storage Co./HO4
Van Ness aye. Phone liast 445. :- Storage,
moving, packing; out rates on freight.
CONKLIN'Si storage; furniture and merchan-
"/ disc. Golden Gate and Larkln: phone East 126.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main offlc^Eddy and Flllmore: tel. West S2S.
BEKIXS Van and,Storage*f*o.. 11 Montgomery
. ; st, ; tcK'Main IS>O. Shipping at cut rated.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN"exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No.l
• Smith Premier, : $25;; other typewriters at
I higher and lower prices: rentals, $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st..
LEGAL NOTICES;
NOTICE— To All Whom . It ; May, Concern: AH
• persons ; wlll, please, take. notice. that-I, M.
-PICKTHALL.'- am' no longer connected with
the firm 6f "M." Plckthallft C 0.." and that I
will not .henceforth be responsible for any of
the i debts or obligations -' of • said firm. • "
• . I, have. established myself In the same !in«
of. business 'as. that heretofore carried on by
.'-.; said * firm .and "with- the \ full -consent ~ and
" .knowledge of -said .firm." and am now located.
: at 101 Fremont «t.,* near Mission,' with a stock
jof engineers' ' supplies, etc.; ; and a I full , equip*
'ment for active business, ".under the name of
M. PICKTHALL, j 101 Fremont.^nr., Mission.
NOTICE -is j hereby gl yen : that 1 ; Intend r to , ap*
ply to theStaW Board: of. Prison: Directors to !
, be i paroled from ,i the ; State - Prison at " San
Qufntlri accordlngjto law..- \u25a0 ; .
(Signed) ' ' HANS MILLER -
ALAMEDA ADVEBTWTS
ALAME^I A REAL ESTATE.
COLONIAL residence for sale; owners *oln«
East; bargain. Information at 1417 A Pest at.
BERKELEY ADVER r rS*NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IS IT A BARGAIN?
Get Out Your Pencil and Figure With Me. !
THE LAND— 4. lots with 2 corners: facing
8 good streets; Is 76x260i55; worth easy $4000.
THE IMPROVEMENTS— A 2-story. 10-room.
well planned, centrally located home; worth
easy $2500. •
. I am asklntf $5800 for this. Better Investi-
gate now. " " '
A. HOWARD HERRMANN.
The Realty Broker. Opp. Berkeley Station.
A CNAP. ~ \u25a0 ~~- '. ~
$1750— Six laf*« rooms and bath; large base-
ment, all cemented: corner at 50x100; 1
block east of Telegraph aye.
$2500— Seven Jarge rooms, bath, basement; all
modern; large barn, chicken houses, wind-
mill and tank; lot 60x135; street work all
.done; only 3 blocks to both trains.
W. C. MORAN & CO.. South Berkeley.
FOR sale or exchange — Nearly an acre of
ground, 11-room bouse. 2-story barn; near
the hills; worth $12,000; will sell on easy
terms, $1000 cash; will exchange for small
property In Berkeley or San Francisco: will
take nicely located mountain ranch in trade.
H. V. J. SWAIN, attorney. 463-464 Parrott
building, San Francisco. • _^
~ A B.ARGAIN IN BERKELEY.
One block from Dw'ght way stailon: \on
Parker St.. between Shattuck aye. and Grove
st.: new and beautifully finished: 6 rooms and
bathusrriall cash payment, balance In install-
ments SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY. 7CB Market st.
OAKLAND :ADVEBT > S ? M > TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY. •
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain — One of the choicest
building lota in Alta Piedmont: all street
work, sidewalks, sewers, water and gas
mains complete: magnificent view; faces two.
broad avenues: restricted building values In-
' cures elegant home surroundings;, owner go-
ing away: must sell at once at considerably
less than adjacent lots can be bought for.
Apply to W. J. WHITE CO.. 26 Mont-
c^rhery rt.. room 8.
INVESTMENT— We are Instructed to sell 3
splendid houses, 10 rooms each; situated on
good corner: 5 minutes* walk west' of City
Hall: pays 9 per cent. EAGLE COLLEC-
TION' AGENCY. 206 Bacon bldy.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET. _;' _ _
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms and bath for
housekeeping. 6fi9 Twenty-fourth st.
Oakland Furnished Cottup;* Wanted.
WANTED— SmaII cottage or flat, furnished;
accessible to Key Route. Oakland. Box
37C5. Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day forbargalns In furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th st., cor, store. Oakland-
Sail Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALTON House. 204 McAllister— 3 fine furnished
housekeeping rooms, facing Hyde st.
BRYANT, 444 — One or two sunny rooms, nicely
furnished, for housekeeping, with gas.
ELEVENTH. 106— Front parlor suite; gas
range, water, bath, two beds; $18.
FELL, 11!» — Large furnished rooms for hkpg.;
running water; suitable for 1 or 2 ladle 9.
GEARY, 105R— Four rooms newly furnished:
first floor; ?2O; three rooms $18.
HAIGHT, 32^ — Two large, sunny, newly fur-
nished front rooms: bath: housekeeping: $2<>.
-HAMPTON place, 3. near 3d &. Folsom — 3.nic?
:.*.£unny rms. complete: for :housekepplngt '*lt>.
HAVES, 970-^-Sunhy. furnished rooms; also
housekeeping room: private family.
HOWARD, 822 — One suite housekeeping rooms;
a^° glnsle^ -.'.'. '*: '
HOWARD. 2006 A. n-ar Sixteenth — Two or three
rooms, furnished complete; gas range, bath,
phone^ ! ;,
LARKIN, Sl7}6 — Sunny corner room; gas
\u25a0stove:, rent reasonable. - '
LARKIN. U:2«— Housekeeping suite of 3 rooms
and bath, completely furnished; adults; $40.
MARKKT.' IIS.T— Suite Of rooma for housekeep-
ing; r^nt $15: also single room. $5.
MARKET, 209-S— Tw6 large, sunny, well-fur-
nlshed rooms, complete for housekeeping:
• • phone, bath. \u25a0
McALLISTER, 483, cor. Van Ness aye. — 2
\u25a0 nicely furnished, eunny housekeeping rooms;
$14: single room. $6.
McALLISTER. BBS— Nice sunny suite: gas
range, bath. laundry; adults.
MISSION, 1220— Furnished »nd unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
OAK, 117, or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12: hot bath; laundry: adults
OAK. 152H— Large room furnished complete
for housekeeping; bath.
OCTAVIA. 1403— Sunny housekeeping suites;
rent reasonable. _^
O'FARRELL. Sl3— Nice sunny rooms, en
suite or single: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 135? — Grand suite with kitchen
connecting. $35: beautifully furnished; others.
POLK, 001 — Furnished room for 2 gentlemen
and I large houskeeplng room.
SIXTEENTH, 3425 A. near Church— 2 or 3
sunny, nicely . furnished, connecting rooms
for housekeeping; phone, gas and bath; cars
pass within 3 floors of the house; reasonable;
no children.
TAYLOR. 911-^-Sunny furnished room: gas
I range, $7; unfurnished rooms, bath; $20."
TURK, U9— Newly furnished rooms - for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
VALENCIA, 522— 2 or 3 nunny furnished
rms: hskpg; electric light and sas stoves.
WALLER. 71 — Newly fur. suite rooms. In new
house; fine view. $14. Phone Page 7931.
WILLOWS aye., li, off Larkln— Furnished
\ rooms for light housekeeping: al;»o single.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
RANDALL APARTMENTS—
120 Pierce st., near Haight.
4 large sunny unfurnished rooms, all light
. and each apartment complete in itself; large
closets and plenty of shelving; stone under
entire " building, making it free from any
dampness: must be wen to be appreciated:
Just about" finished: open dally; tent ..very
reasonable; permanent tenants wanted. Ap-
ply on- premise* or R. McELROY. agent.
Phelan bldg. Tel. Main 5870.
NEW four-story corner apartment-house; sunny
elde: completed November 1. All suites have
modern kitchens, electric lights, etc Apply
244 Ninth st.; building opposite.
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell st.. near Van Nes» and
Market— New. handsome, fireproof structure;
mod. Improvements; apts. 3-rm.. bath; special
Inducements for next 60 days; tel. South 1071.
ALTA, opposite Alta Plaza. 2 and 4 room
unfurnished suites; light and sunny. Clay
' •\u25a0*. '«t..~ between Pierce and Scott.
GRAND view— California and Lyon: 4 rooms:
' completely furnished; modern apartments;
reasonable. _•" . \u25a0
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush. Powell: 3-roota
sunny aparts.: single rooms; modern: reas.
A— YON NYDACK. 873 Post — I rooms; private
.baths; furnished, unfurnished; salt baths.
ROSSWELL Apartments, 1360 Pine, near Hyde
, — 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
MATBELLK. 202 Grove, ; cor. Van Ness — Van
ness. 3-rm. suite; Grove. 3-rm. suite: reas.
THE Avalon/ 670 * Btish ' et.-^ and 4 room
apartments - with bath; turn, or unfurnished.
THE Frederick, 001 Stanyan— l to S rooms.
. overlooking Golden Gate Park; tel. Page 616 K.
ROOMS TO LET— F«rn. and Unfora.
A -^BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
• 25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
.' light housekeeping rooms;. open all night.
AT .. "The Almonte.'! 'B73 Market Bt. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms 25e to 50c, $1, $1 50 night:
$1 50 .to $10 week;. house open all night.
ASHBUR Y. 440. near Golden Gate Park— Nice
V* sunny rooms,: furnished or unfurnished; sin-
gle ,or , eg . suite : , bath ; , private . family.
BKLMOND House, over Owl drugstore; 2 en-
trances. .;1I26: Market and.2l Turk— Electric
lights.,; running, water In every room; .200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $1 week.
BRADY. 60— -Two very nicely furnished rooms
XV Jet, wjth sa» and batb.. »
ROOMS. TO LET— Forn. and Unfnra.
BURTON Hotel. 1126 Howard «.— lOO room* {
'naw house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
CALIFORNIA. 3091— A «alto of nicely fur-
nished rooms to let. \u25a0 \u25a0 '
CALIFORNIA 2304. near Webstar— gutm» front
room; 2 single beds; running watar; tXM.
CASTRO. 63t>— Elegantly furnished rooms t»
let at reasonable rates. ,
FIFTH. 109— Nicely located and w«ll furnlahsd
' rooms "to let. % '
FOURTH. ITS— Rooms to Ist by day. week or
month; transient. ,
FOURTH. 223 — Nice front roon»; also slngl* '
rooms and housakeeptne rooms.
FOURTH. 271— 1C0 rooms: all slaes and prices:
new, modern; hot and cold water.
FULTON. 7S — A newly furnished suits of
rooma to let: private family.
OALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st.— Cholc# room* 3
by day, week or month; central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1014 — Large front dou-
ble parlor: all modern convenience*.
GRAND SOUTHERN. 10eo Mission, cor. Sev-
enth— looiroorewij_TOcnl^bt ;: Jf2Jt2_^_^l!L-J_
GUERRERO. 932 bet. 21st and 22d— 4 rooma
t furnished, or unfurnished. .
HARRISON. 2511— Furnished front room: bay
window.
HAVES. 267— Sunny rooms with nse of piana \u25a0-
and bath: will allow housekeeping privilege
if desired.
HOTEL St. Kathryn, cor. Ellis and Leaven-
worth — Most modern and up-to-date hot«l tn
P. F. : free bath: new, clean, airy; reas. rater -3
HOTEL Hamilton, 125 Ellis, bet. Powell and
Mason sts.. P. F — Rooms $t to $3 p»r day.
*team heat and telephone In each room.
HYDE. MO. bet. Butter and Bush — Large fur-
ntsh»d room: rent $lf>. . %
HOWARD. 715 — Rooms. 25c to $1 p-r day:
$1 10 to $3 per week: reading-room.. etc.
JERSEY. 341. between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth, near Castro— 2 front rooms to> - .
let, furnished or unfurnished. ' -
LARKIN. ,412 — Fine furnished rooms; water,
gas: convenient.
LEXINGTON, 135 — Nice furnished fionis;
pleasant neighborhood: rates reasonable.
MARKET. 25668. near 16th— Unfurnished
room In a private family; gas, bath; re«-
sonable.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third St.— 4<*>
single and family rooms, 3.V to $1 5O p»r '
day: $2 to $* week: the only new and modern
hotel -and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric light*, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to its guests.
MINNA. 514— Nicely furnished front room and
one single room.
MISSION. 846— Nice furnished ro*'*s; verr
centrally located: reasonable.
MONTGOMERY. 7T3— Furnlsa-*) rooms to Ut. -
NINTH. 377— Furnished rooms to ltt.
OCTAVIA, 629— Bay-window front room, fnr-
nished; suitable for one or two: In German
private family; gas and running water.
POLK. 017— Hall bedrooms to let. gentlemen.
$5 and $«\u25a0 \u25a0
POWELL, 1220. cor. Pacific — Nice sunny front
furnished room to let: day. week, month.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third st.. near How-
an} — New bous* with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single; rates by day. 35c
up: by week. $2 up: bath* fre* to gne3ts.
TAYLOR. 613 — Newly fur. rooms; hot and cold
water: $1') mo.; elegant soltes; baths free.
TO rent two rooms furnished; $12. Call MRS. .
BOYCE. 096 Howard at. "
SACRAMENTO, 1642 — 3 sunny cor. rooms; also
housekeeping rooms: runnlne water.
SAN CARLOS aye.. 359 — Furnished room; lady
preferred.
SANCHEZ. 205. corner Market— Newly fur-
nlshed front parlor and bedroom; svlrabl-s far
: gentlemen ; every convenience; rg*nonable. •
TWENTY-FOURTH. 2037— Four nice ttnfur-
nished" rooms "to let: sunny and clean.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — JOO
rooms. ,Vo to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec.
triojlghts (no gas), runnins water tn evwry
; room; elevator, read. -room: f re* bu*. baggagf .
WOLF House. Howard and Sixth — No b»tt»r
transient house In city; rates reasonable; lo-
cation central. Geo. 11. Yon dar Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTERTHoteI. 44 3d. st.. nr. Mark«t —
Most convenient and respectable: room!*,
Ssc to $1 50 nishtly. $2 to $8 week; elevator;
" elec. lights: reading-room; free bus. baggage. *
ADVERTISEMENTS, -subscriptions received at
. call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church et»- \u25a0
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100* Market it., opposite. Fifth
Open until 11 p. ra.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
opened; rooma modern, up to date, light, sun-
ny, airy; hair mattresses; free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean: table unexcelled.
Rates: Rooms for 2 with board, $50 month
and upward; single rooms with board, $30;
everything homelike; parlor and piano for
guests: location In the heart of city. 404
Eddy st. \u25a0 404. '
CALIFORNIA. $07— Exceptionally good table.
free blUiard-room. handsome and sightly
rooms: board and room for 2. $45 up; single.
i $22 50 up; suites. $55 up; sea for yourself. "
HAVES, 671— Nice sunny room for gentleman,
with board, and rooma with private family.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1031 — Sunny fur. rooms;
bath; got« V>ard, $20-$23: two. $36 month.
JOHNSTON. THE. 6<15 O"Farrell — Sunny suites
and single rms.: excellent board; references.
POWELL 502 — Very lar?e sunny rooms and
board. $20-S3O per mo.: room without, board.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 19 pases, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting * busi-
ness cards. cre3ts. etc.; high-class work: mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan. 126 Keamy. ra. 1-2.
BIRTHS— MAREIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be- handed ,'
in at either of the publication offices an* b«
indorsed with the name and residence of per-,.' ;
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to th« announcement
of the event are published once in* this comma \u25a0
free of charge. _^ __^_
BORN.
BERNARD— In this city. October 15, 1908. to
the wife of John R. N. Bernard, a daughter.
DUFFT— In this city. October 15. 1905. to the
wife of Linus John Duffy, a daughter.
RIZZO— In this city, October 11. 1905. to tn-
wlfe of John RUzo <nee Prato). a son.
DIED.
Able. Charles, 35 Klumpp, Martin. «4
Bardon, John. 12 days Law ranee. John, o3
Barry. William. 2 Lawson. Taya. 53 . •
Bennetti. Italo. 42 Lchsen. John C. 49
Browley, Ann. 60 McD»rmott. Lulu. Zl
Corlnson Sophie.9 mos Mclslc. George, 25
Da vies. David D.. 63 Neubarth. Lucia L.
De Martini. John. 50 Nolan, Mrs. P. F.
Donegan. Margaret O'Connor, \u25a0 Patrick. 54
Douglass. John. 66 Sherman. Clarlase. 2t
Downey. Harriet, m Sister Mary Cecilia.
Duffey. Allca G.,3 mos Smith. Emma M.L.; 49 "
Elliott.' Violet S, 7* Stratton. William. Ctt
Gallatla. Albert. Tucker. Ethel. lt»
Jaeger. Louise. 2i Underwood. Ann E.. S2
Klndergan. Patrick. 3* Walters. Frank. 50
Klein. Charles R.. 75. Warner. Charlea. 33
ABLE— In this city. October 13. 1905. Charles
Able, a native of Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 35- years.
BARDON— In this city. , October I*. 1905. at
the residence of Ms parents. 3712H Army
street., John., dearly beloved ?on of Eugeno
and Mabel .Harden, and beloved brother of
William E.. Eveline F.^and James. E. Bar-
flon. a native of San Francisco, aged 12
days. •
BARRT— In this city. October 15. 19C5.
- -William dearly beloved son of D. W. and ,
May Ba>ry. a native of Lo« Angeles, aged
2 years 7 months and 1 day.
i BENNETTt— In tb.l* city. October 15. 1903.
Italo beloved husband of Teresa Bennettl.
and father of Alfred Bennettl. a native of
Italy," aged 42 years 9 months and 18 da*».
BROWLEY— In Oakland. October 15. : l»-5.
Ann. beloved wife, of John Browley. and, '
I L .
i . Continued on Pag» T»n.
CEMETERY PLOTS
; In Odd Fellows" and Masonic Cemeteries can
. be exchanged for Plots fa
MOI'.VT OLIVET.
For particulars apply at City.Offlcw.
GRANT BLDG.,- MARKET 4 SEVENTH «TS.
910
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued from Pbk* Alne.
mother of Et!*a Ward, a native of County
Fermanagh, trelaad. aged 60 years. (New
<York and Portland, Ore,, papers pleai* copyj
COKINSON — In Ihle c-tty. October 15. 1900,
Sophie, beloved datghter of Jaoob and
Vivine Corlnson, and tslster of Leah Corinson.
a native of San Fra«cisco. aged 9 month*
and fi days. •
InVIES— In Alameda. Cal.. October 14, 1905,
David Daniel Da vies, beloved husband ol
Rachael and father of Nellie E., John W.,
Samuel G. and ueorge \u25a0A. Davlea. a native
i.- Wales a«ed 03 ye-irs 11 months and 8
.ia-.fc. Member of SDtlrtaa Lodee No. 86,
A. *-». K. W.
ET'Frteods and acquaintances are respect
sully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday October 16, at 2 o'clock p. m..
at his"iate residence. 1564 Broadway. Ala
n.oda. Incineration OaSUand Crematory.
lili MARTINI— Ia the Ctty and County Ho»
pttal. October 15, 1305, John de Martini, a
native of Itaiy. aged 50 years.
DOXEGAX—In this city, October 15 IW*.
.Margaret. Donegaji, beloved mother or
Tiiomas, .Edward and' Mary Done^an, a na
tive of Kfew York.
CTR.tzr,uins at the parlor* of J. S. Gooeau
'Mb Moiieomery avenue. 'Notice of fensral
hereafter.
DOCGLA&S— In this city. October 14, 1906.
John I* loved husband of Margaret M.
ijouslass. a naUve of North Belfast. Ire
land, aged titi years <3 months and 14 days.
CvTrierids and acquajntanc«^s are rtsptct
suiiy inviUMl to attend the funeral to-day
tMcncay*. at 2 p. m.. from hie late resi
dence. M Berlnc street. Interment National
Cemetery.
DOWNEY— Ia this city. October 15. 1905,
Harriet, decY'ly beloved wife of Thomas
Downey, ani mother of the late Mary N.
Downey, a ntwive oi Scotland, aged 60 years.
IC? Friends iir.d Acquaintances are reeptct
luily invited tw atu-nd the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday), at 5»:30 a. m., from her lata resi
•lenoe, 3 Morrow I plate, off Broadway, be
tween Hyue cr*i X*xkln streets, thence to |
tit, Brigid's CfiUl cii, where a solemn requiem j
high mass wiil oe celebrated for the repose
of her coul at 10 a. in. Interment Holy |
Ctvea Cemetery.
DI.TFEY— In this city, October 15. 1905, Alice
Grrtrude. nearly beloved daugrhtta- of Joseph
P. ar.d Ilierefa J. Dufac-y mcc tiuJlivaji), and
(.\u25a0elovcJ sister of Mary C. -f>uffto'. a native
uf San Francisco, aged 3 months and 3 days.
£>'j-'riend«> aiwi at-qitaintances a.re resptct
ixx'.ly invited to attena the funeral to-morrow j
• 'AiesJay), at 31 a. m., from the residence |
t»f her 'partnts, 229 Oak etrt-et. between j
ciough and Octavia, Interment Holy Cross j
Ctmetery-
EU^LIOTT— In this city. October 15. 1905, j
Violet S-. relict of the late William U.
Elliott, and mother of Mrs. M. E. Gamble,
Mre. C. V. Oliver, Miss Fannlfe A. Berry. W.
A. Berry. Georce W. Berry and the late
Edward X". tierry, a native of Virginia, a^ed j
74 veare and '.' moutlie.
cL7"IIi« luneril services will be held
to-moirow .Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.,
&t her late re?idence. i 27 Leavcnworth st.
GALI_\TIN— In this city. October 14. iwOs.
Albeit Gallatln, huoba^id of Melvina Uai
jatin, and father oi Albert CKallatln Jr., Mr*.
Frank H. Powers, Mrs. Jjr. W. P. Harvey
and Mrs Thompson Sesxata, a native of New
York.
OTriends and acquaintances are re?pect
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-day
(. Monday >, at 11 a. m.. :rom hi« late resi
dence, 2113 Pacific avi«u»?. internitnt pri
vate.
JAKGER. (nee U»p) — la ihis city, October
15. 19(.i5, at the resld«ao.- of her mother,
Louise, beloved wife of Louie J. Jaeger, and
daughter of Mrs. Kose Liiws and the late \
K. C. Laws, and s.ster oC Elbert C and j
Lolah M. Lar.s. Mrs. E. .^iock, Mrs. F. D. |
Johnson Mrs. L. Wainwright, Mrs. J. J. i
Bradley. Mrs. L. C. OnytU*. Mrs. E. K.
Schmitt and Mrs. J. G. Joy of Salinas, Cal..
a native of California, .aged 24 years 2
months and -1 cays.
Cjrj'ricEds and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to atteca the funeral to-morrow
i. Tuesday), at fe:.'iO a- m., Irom the residence }
of her mother, 1735 Green street, thence to j
St. Brigld's Church, Van. Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated lor the repose of her 6oul,
oomminclng at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KJ.NDKUGAN— In this city. October 15, 19C5. i
Patrick, beicved husband of Delia Kindergan, |
and lovir.g lather of Mary Kindt rgan, and
brother of John Kindergan. and brother-in- j
law ot Patrick and James riyan. a. native of
BallynicwarJ, County Galway, Ireland, aged
50 years.
C-^Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday), at S:3o a. m., from his late resi- \
dence, 25ti Clenientina street, thence to St.
Painck's. Church, where a requiem hign
muss -.will be celebrated for . the repose of
his soul at 9 a- m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KLEIN — In this city, October 15, 1905, Charles
K. Klein, a native of Germany, ageds"s years !
5 months and 7 daye.
KLUMPP— In this city. October 15. 1905,
Martin Klumpp, belo\-i-d brother of Rein- '
hard Klum^P. a native of Laudenbach, Ba- !
den, Germany, aged ti4 years 11 months and I
8 days. '
L-VWKANCE— In this city, October 13. 1905, !
John, dearly beloved son of Edwin and Ellen '
Lavirance, and devoted^brother of Mrs. John i
Weimeri. Mrs. William James, Mrs. William i
Skilling. Mre. S. F. Higglns and Harry, I
Beatrice and Minnie Lawrance, a native of i
England, aged 33 years 5 months and 5 !
days.
u-a r ncnas ar.a acquaintances are respect
fully invited to atttnd the funeral to-day
(Monday), October 10. at 2:30 p. m.. from
the home of his parents, 1128 Fillmore
street, .between Turk and Golden Gate ave
nue. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAWSON— In this city. October 14, 1905.
Taya Lawson, sister of Mrs. S. H. Chase,
agt <l ,*j:{ years tt months and 17 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
tc-cay (Monday), at 2:30 p. m , at the
chaptl of N. Gray & Co.. 612-Cl4 Van Ness
avenue, between Golden Gate avenue and
Turk street. Interment private.
LOHSEN— In this city. October 14. 1905. John
C, lovinK husband of Louise Lohsen, and
devoted father or Llllie Lohsen. and son of
Anna and the late Christopher Lohsen. and
brother of Mrs. C. Meyer, a native of Hcyer
liofer. Germany, aged (0 years 11 months
and _'O day*. A member of the Beerdriver*'
Colon. Local 227.
tTS'Friends and acquaintances are resp*ct
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.Tue*<iay>. October 17. at 1:30 p. m.. from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth
Tvhere. services will be held under the aus
plce* of the Norddeut?cher Vercln. later
ment Mount Olivet C< metery.
McDERMOTT-Lulu May. beloved daughter of
Mrs. J. and the late William McDermott.
»nd sister of Rena. William and Nora Mc-
Dermott an.; Mrs. W. Fabian, a native cf
San Francisco, aged 21 year*
E^The funeral w:ll be held Tuesday, Octo
i*r 1,. from her late residence 2055 Golden
Gate avenue, thence to Holy Cross Church.
Eddy street, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 :3U a m
lriends are respectfully invited "to attend.
M « H r C ~ ln thls clty - °«°ber 15, 1905, George
v^i! S ' C IV7. McDermott). beloved daughter of
f.elhe McDermott. and sister of Mrs J S
Karrett, and r.Uee of Mrs. E. N Thomnsoii
and Mrs. Nellie AlMs of San Jose, active
of Carlln. Nev.. aped 23 years.
X f™ AK™«-l n Eakerseld. Cal.. October 14.
190... Lucia Lee. btloved wife of J J \- eu .
terth. and mother c f Mrs. Edwin L.' Wolf
cis^o* y< * natUe Of San Fran ~
CTFrunds and acquaintances are re«=Dfoi
fully invited to attend the runeral Tuesday
October 17. at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence. 4TfJ Hyde street. Intermen7 fri
flowers 01 " reUOWS ' C *™«ry- VS' Z\l
N< s' AN fT An antl i v ersary requiem mass wi'l
M^r^a^x^ th m r *i
a^flnvi^to^tt^d. dy StrCet - ' ™*&
O'OONNOR-ln this city, October 14 i«ww
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary OXonnor
J^TFriends acquaintances and officers and
mtin»>ers or Valley Lod K e So. 30 A O V
\\.. ore respectfully invited to attend ' the
funeral to-day (Monday), at 9:30 oVlock
a. m.. from his-Jut* residence. 9 Beideman
street, thence to Holy C ross Church? where
a eo'emn requiem mass will be celebrated
lor the repo*e of his soul, commencing at 10
o clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme
tery.
eiJERMAN-In this city. October 15. 1903.
Clarissas beloved daughter of Adella and the
late Edwin Sherman, and beloved sister of
li<3win. Eugene and, Emma Sherman, a na
tive o* Santa Cruz. Cal., aged 24 years and
3 months. <Santa Cruz papers p'.ease copy )
C^Friends and acquaintance* are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuet-day). ot 9 -.SO a. «., from her late resi
dence. 1217^i Howard street, thence lo St
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Mateo county. ' ' \u25a0
MAS °£JS CISMBTBBV ASSOCIATION,
SS>B Jamee Flood Building. S. F.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGLNTJ & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmere —
214- Eddy et. Tel. East 86.
Joseph's Church, where cervices will be held
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SISTER MARY CECILIA— A requiem man
will be celebrated by Rev. Father McQualde.
Tuesday. October 17. at 8 a. m., at Sacred
Heart Church. Flllmore and Fell street*, for
the repose of the soul of Sister Mary Ceollla
of th« Dominican Order, who died at San
Rafael October 9. • *-\u25a0-.
SMITH— In this city. October 14, 1905. Emma
M. t>. Smith, beloved wife of John \u25a0H.
Smith, and mother of Mrs. I*. Hoffmann and
Ernst, Harry, Emma, Dorothy and the late
Frederick and John Smith, a native of Ger
many, aged 4» years 8 months and 10 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the • funeral to-day
i Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence. 900 Thirty-third avenue South,
South San Francisco. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
CTRATTON— In this city. October 14. 10O5i
William Stratton. a native of London, Eng
land, aged 28 years 8 months and 8 days.
ET'Remains a t the parlors of N. Gray &
Co., 612-614 • Van N*ss avenue , between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk rtrwt.
TUCKER— In this city, Ootober 15. 1905.
Ethel, beloved daughter of William F. and
Laura Tucker, and sister of Helen Tucker,,
a native of Illinois, aged 16 years 4 monthß
and 15 days.
UNDERWOOD— In Frultvale, .October 15.
1905. Ann Eliia Underwood, beloved mother
of Mrs. 11. Hubbard. Charles and B. E.
• Underwood, Mrs. A. G. Annls. Mrs. J.
Duarte and Mrs. N. B. Phillips, a native of
New York, ag-ed S2 years 11 months and 12
days.
WALTERS— In this city. October 18, 1905,
Frank Walters, a native of Germany, aged
53 years.
(CTFrlenUs and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.,
at the parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co., 429
Golden Gat i avenue, under the auspices of
Yerein Eintracht. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
WARNER- In this city. October 15, 1905.
Charle* Warner, a native of Montana, aged
39 years.
REAL ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXS.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 14.
James and Helen V. Penman to Alexander
D. Keyes and Marianca Z. Loughborough. lot
on NE corner Sacramento and Polk streets, E
S5 by N 77:SH: 175,000.
Otto F. and Mathilda yon Rhein to Barton
6. Have, lot on E line of Polk street, 102:SVi
S of Washington. N 42:0>i by E 100; $10.
Gustave Lederfr to Annie M. Lederer, lot
on S line of California street. 106:3 B of
Webster. E 25 by S 137:6: gift.
Pacific Improvement Company to Davli
Young Jr.. lot on N line of Curl street. 250 W
of Clayton. W 25 by X 137:0; $10.
Same to A. D. and Emma M. M. Cameron,
lot on N line of Carl street, 225 W of Clayton.
W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Edward and Fannie R. Barnett to Wallace
Bradford, lot on N line of Sacramento street.
137:6 E of Walnut. E 27:6 by N 127:8^4: $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
NHcolous and Bertha Bullerdleck. lot on NE
line of Thirteenth street. 80 NW of Howard,
NW 24:4% by NE 110:0%; $10.
Charles and Rose Katz to Charles W. Pain
ter, lot on SE corner of Seventeenth and Dear
born Btreete, S 100 by E 51; $10. .
Knut A. and Katie Lundstrom to P. W.
Mathewa and S. I. Allard. lot on SE corner
of -Twenty-first' and Howard streets, S 41, E
80. S 25, E 42:6. N 66, W 122:6; $10.
Estate of Lafrenz Foge (by Wllhelmin's
Jurgens. executrix) to Harry E. and L. M.
Anderson, lot on N line of Twenty-third street,
50 E of Bartlett. E 25 by N SO; $3500.
Anna L. Bauer to Chester L. Hovey. lot on
NW line of Howard street, 492:6 SW of Sec
ond. SW 27 by NW 80; $10.
John D. or John and Daniel J. or Daniel
Crean to Catherine M. Gable, lot on NW line
of Claiti street, 375 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by
NW 80; §10.
Estate of H. or Henry Horstmann (by Chris
tian Lehmann. John L. Bach Jr. and Josepn
G. Cox. executors) to George* 1 * 1 . Purlenky. lot
on NW line of Harrison street, 113:1 NE of
Sixth. NE 24:5 by NW SO; $ .
Catherine McLaughlin (McHugh) (wife of
Thomas) to Harry H. Cosgriff, lot on SE line
of Heron stret, 50 SW of Marlposa terrace, SW
20 by SE SO; $10.
Michael and Margaret A. Fitzpatrick to
James P. Fitzpatrick, lot on W line of Bryant
avenue. £<Xt S of Nineteenth street, S 25 by \V
100; pi ft.
Jacob Heyman Company to Marshall Diggs,
lot on E line of Forty- firm avenue, 200 S of
M rtreet, S 2CO by E 120; $10.
Same to Rose B. Nelson, lot on E line of
Forty-fifth avenue, 100 N of N street, N 100
by E 120; $10.
' Robert E. and Alice D. Gleason to Clarence
Coleman, lot on S line of W street, 57:6 E of
Forty-second avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Frank A., Anne J. and John A. Banzhaf to
Ocean Shore Railway Company, lot on W cor
ner jof block 10. NE, along Wyoming street . to
N coiner of block 10,' SE along Farragut street
79.3, SW on curve 401.0, NW 43, lots 1 to 6,
I block 10. West End map 2; $10.
Antonio and Stella Tiscornio or Tisccruia
| and Stefano Ventre to same, lot on N boundary
j line property of Tiscorina and i'entre, 246.0
1 NW from W line of Mission streTt. NW 85.7,
i SW 92.3, SW 21.9. thence on curve to point
! on S boundary* line of property Tiscornla and
Ventre 20.S SE from SB line of Knights place,
! SE 50.5, SE 95.9, thence on curve 490.9; $10.
Marcus and Pauline Marks to David S. Ca
1 hen. lot en N line of Stanley street, 25 E of
i Arch, W 25 by N 100, lot 8, block 29, City
| Land: $10.
Julie Roturier to S. Ducas Company, lot on
I SW line of Eighteenth avenue, 300 NW of X
I street. NW 75 by SW 100, block 366, South
' San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
! elation; $775.'
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to Samuel
j S. and Juliet Kapp, lot -on NW line of Hahn
street. 174.35 NE of Visitacson. NE 49.81. NW
I 110 SW 49.51. SE 110. block 29. Sunnyvale
| Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
M. Schlegel (owner) with W r . H. Bagge
(contractor), architect A. T. Ehrenpfort— All
1 work except electric work, gas fixtures, shades
- and gas logs for a three-story frame building
\u25a0 (three flats) on lot on E line of Castro street,
195 N of Eighteenth, N 25 by E 125, Mission
block 114; $7750. V
Sylvester Pearl (owner) with O. A. Cramer
(contractor), architects O'Brien and Werner —
All work except gas fixtures, shades, painting,
plumbing and stores lor alterations and ad
ditions to a twe-story frame building, C3l and
C 33 Golden Gate avenue; $CBOO. .
Alameda County.
R. J. McMullen (single) to J. C. McMullen,
lot on S line of East Nineteenth street, 125
E of Eighth avenue. E 75, S 150. W 50, N. 100,
W 25, N to beginning, block 107, Clinton, East
Oakland: also lot on W line of Ninth avenue,
32 S or Nineteenth. S 38:9 by W 100. block 107,
same. East Oakland; $10.
Cella A. Wtlt« (widow of L. E.) to James
H. P. and Ablcail F. Mason, lot on E line
of Fulton street, 44:10 N of Ward, N 44:10 by
E 125, lot 2, block B, map of southern portion
Blake eetate, plat «J9, V. ahd D. Peralta
Rancho, Berkeley; $10.
Northlands Development Company to Ber
nice E Watson, lot 27, block 2, Northlands
Tract No. 1. Berkeley: $10.
California Real Estate Investment Company
to Fred and Kttie Bettman, lot on N line of
Fifth "street. •50 W of Madlaon. W 37:6 by N
10<>. Oakland: $10.
Louise E Dabney (by Harlow P. Bancroft,
I attorney) to Robert A. Poppe, lots 33 and 34,
I Santa Fe Tract No. 6, Oakland; $10.
Margaret A. Hanratty (single) to Mary Jane
Walter (wife of Edward C), lot on W line of
Telegraph avenue 100 feet wide distant SW
I 80 from S line of Fairview (or Sixty-sixth)
I street. CO feet wide, thence SW 58.03. SW
2.57. W. NW 14.45, NE 213. NW 42.90. NE
90. 09. t0 beginning, portion land formerly con
veyed to John Hanratty et ux., November 16,
75 111 D 413, Oakland; dft.
Mary J. Walter (Hanratty), wife of Edward
C, to Margaret Alice Hanratty (single), un
divided one-lialf interest ilxrlng all grantor's
! interest) Jn lot on SW corner of TeleeraDh
avenue 000 feet wide) and'Falrview (or Sixty
sixth) rtreet («) feet wide). SW 80, SW 90.09.
NW .77.10 to mid line of Fairview (or Sixty-
I sixth) Btreet, NE 111.47. to beginning. Oak
i land; sift.
Anna R. and Chris Jessen to James Ander
sen, lot 1, Piedmont Terrace, Oakland Town
ship; 110.
Jessie E. Thurston et al. to E. L. Burnett
(father of first parties). lot on E line of Hllle
ga.se avenue, 85 N of Derby street, N 50 by E
159.44, portion of lots 57 and 58, block G. Hllle
gass property, blocks G and H, Hillegass Tract,
Berkeley; gift.
Berkeley Development Company to Charles
H. Northrup, lot 2. block E, Hopkins Terrace,
Map No. S. etc.. Berkeley; $10.
May L. and Warren Cheney (and as attor
ney) to R. A. Berry, lot on.S line of Hop
kins street. 402 W of Sacramento. W 50 by S
130. lot 13. Peralta Park, Southern Annex,
Berkeley: $10.
Kate J. Stirrinc to Charles E. Williamson,
lot 3. block D. Map of survey, portion of
Harmon Tract, Berkeley: $10. ,
Augusta Blachree (widow) to West End
Building Association, lot on N line of Santa
Clara avenue. 100 W of Fifth street. W 25
by N 144:3, portion of lot 16. lands of Teu
tonla Park and Homestead Association Ala
meda; $10. -. . .
Wlmt London Eats.
The supply of meat in the Smlthfleld
market during 1904 amounted to the little
matter of 410,519 tons, of which the siim
of 1556 tons was condemned.. In fact. Dr.
Collingridge, the* medical officer, made"
himself unusually bus*y during -the past
year. Out of a single consignment of
rabbits from Australia he threw out 10,332
as a little spoiled.
As for fish, 243,806 tons of them were
delivered at Billingsgate. Of this amount
1098 tons were condemned. In the matter
of milk Dr. Collingridge reportsvthat one
In every thirteen samples was either im
poverished or adulterated, or both. He
blames the foreign-born trader for this
state of affairs. From 10,000 to 15,000
oysters are sold dally in London , during
the season. Last year no Illness attrib
uted to them was reported.— London Mail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY;' OCTOBER 16, ~1905.
FLEET OF LUMBER VESSELS
IN FROM COAST PORTS.
WILL' BUILD NEW BOAT
Key Route Has Ordered Another Steamer
Like the San^ Francisco.
The lumber carriers had their day yes
terday and nearly every vessel which
passed in through the Golden Gate was
freighted with the product of the north
ern forests. There were not many ar
rivals and among them no large vessels,
but between sunrise and dark more than
2,000,000. feet of lumber was added to the
supply on the local market. " .
The steam schooner Daisy Mitchell,
which brought 650,000 feet of lumber from
Astoria, carried in the largest cargo. The
Brunswick from Fort Bragg brought 25,
000 feat of lumber and 17,600 railroad ties.
The Acme brought from Wlllapa Harbor
435,000 feet of lumber. The Fulton brought
400,000 feet from Eureka. The schooner
LJly, from Umpqua contributed 200.00U
feet of lumber to the day's receipts and
the Charles R. Wilson, from Grays Har
bor, brought 450,000 feet.
Coptic Has New First Officer.
C. R. Tyson, who was third officer of the
liner Gaelia and who accompanied that vessel
when she returned to England^ arrived here
Saturday night and reported yesterday on
board the Coptic, to which liner he has been
assigned as first officer. After leaving the
Gaelic Tyson served as third officer on • the
Arabic until a "few weeks ago, when he was
ordered to the Coptic. During his etay in Eng
land Tyson married. Mrs. Tyson will Join him
In San Francisco In a few months.
»w Boat for Key Route.
The Key route has ordered another yello*
ferry boat, and John W. Pickle of Alameda
on Saturday was awarded tne contract toe,
building the hull The Union Iron Works will
build the engines and do the joiner work. Tho
new boat will be a duplicate of the San Fran
cisco.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Edmund, 35 per
cent; St. Donatlen, 10 per cent; Principality^
90 per cent; Affezlone 25 per cent; Fortevlot,
25 per cent; Kilmollle, 10 per cent, and Duch
esse de Berry. 15 per cent.
AVater Front Hotea.
The British tramp steamer Aragonla, char
tered by the Pacific Mail Company, la due
to-day from the Orient. \u25a0 She will dock at
Lombard-street wharf.
The Kosmog liner Abydos sailed yesterday
for Puget Sound.
To-morrow the Japanese liner America
Maru Is due from the Orient. Apart from her
previous popularity with the traveling public,
much interest attaches to the vessel's return
to this port from the facx that fihe took an
active part in Japan's naval campaign against
Russia. She was under tire more than once,
and some of the shots which made the bear
yelp were fired from her batteries.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Mariposa, Captain Lawless, will sail to-mor-^
row at 11 o'clock a. m. for Tahiti.
Henry Peterebn, the launchman, who is now
located at Mission-street wharf, carried many
visitors yesterday to the German cruiser Falke.
Movement uf Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. . | Due.
Redondo Portland & Astoria... . Oct. JG
Nome City... Seattle Oct. 16
Norwood . .-; . . Grays Harbor Oct. 16
Aragonia China and Japan....... Oct. 16
G. Llndauer r. Grays HarM^S. ,v ! .'.... . Oct. 16
Breakwater.. Coos Bay .'.':'..!'?.. ... ..[Oct. 16
Arctic Humboldt : Oct. 10
Tiger Tacoma ..." [Oct. lt>
North Fork.. Humboldt .....|Oct. 16
Chehalis San Pedro .....: ...|Oct. ltt
Northland.... San Pedro Oct. 16
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Oct. 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 16
F. Leggett... San Pedro |Oct. 17
Amer.'Maru.. China & Japan Oct. 17
Del Norte... Crescent City Oct. 18
Eureka.!.... Humboldt Oct. 18
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 18
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts|Oct. 18
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....Oct. 18
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ........ Oct. 19
Roanoke Los Aneeles Ports Oct. 19
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Oct.- 19
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Portß Oct. 19
Centralla.... Grays Harbor ........... Oct. 19
Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahulul. . . Oct. 19
Waddon Iqulque ..Oct. 19
Oregonian Seattle Oct. ! 20
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon.. Oct. 20
Homer Portland & Astoria Oct. 20
S. Monica... Grays Harbor ....... ...Oct. 2v
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.JOct. 2i
Enterprise. . . Hilo Oct. 21
Costa Rica.. Portland & Astoria ....Oct. 21
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 22
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Oct. 22
Siberia China and Japan ...... Oct. 23
Cascade Portland & Astoria .... Oct. 23
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 2.{
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 23
Aurella..:. .. Portland & Astoria- Oct. 25
Chas. Nelson. Seattle and Tacoma..... Oct. 26
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Oct. 2(S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. l Pier.
Ootober 16. | '•
Rainier Seattle & Bell'ham 2 pm Pier 10
Norwood... k° s Angeles Ports.. 1 pm Pier 2
Prentiss". . Humboldt 5 pin Pier 16
Samoa . L" 09 Angeles Ports 10-am Pier 2
J Hleclns Los Angele» Ports 12 m Pier 2
lioua . Seattle & Tacoma .1 spm Pier 2
rhlhails Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Vovo '• Humboldt .1 5 pm Pier 20
M F 'Plant Coos Bay I 4 pm|Pler 11
No-thland.. Astoria & Portland|lo am|Pler 27
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pier 2
October 17.
Corona . Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 8
Breakwater Coos Bay ........ 5 pm Pier 8
MariDOsa .. Tahiti direct ...... 11 am Pier 7
Oueen ... P"*et Sound Ports. 11 am! Pier 9
g(, ntta " Newport & Way.. 9 am|Pier 11
October IS. I ' • \u25a0
F Kllburn. Portland & Way .. 2 pmJPler 27
Arctic .. Humboldt ......... 9 am|Pier 2
Sea Foam.. Point Arena 4 pmlPler Z
October 10. I \u25a0
Roanoke... Portland and Way. 2 pmjPier 5
CentrElla... Los AngeKs Ports 10 am I Pier 10
State of Cal San Dlesro £ Way. 9 am|Pier 11
fi Llndauer Grays Harbor Pier \u25a0 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland|ll amfpier 24
October 20. I |
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 2 pm|Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt .l:3op'Pier 9
Oregonian.. New York direct.. |Pler 23
October 21. I I
G Dollar.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPlsr 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion •« pm Pier 2
Coos Bay . . . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Comic ... China & Japan 1 1 pmir'ier 4l>
Ban Juan.. N V via Ancon 112 m ]Pier 40
October 22. ! !
City Puebla Puget Sound Pts.. lll am|Pier 9
October 24. I -
Costa Rica Astoria. & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Octo?)cr 25.; I
San Mateo Seattle and Tacoma | 5 pm]Pler 20
October 26. I I
Nebraskan. Hono. & -Kahulul.'.l 3 pm|Pier 23
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. -Destination. j Sails.
Santa Ana. . . Seward & Way ; Ports. . [Oct. 10
City Seattle. . Skagway &. Way Ports|Oct. 17
Jefferson Ekagway & Way Ports.l Oct. 20
Farallon. . . . • Skagway & Way PoitslOct. I' 4
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.l Oct. 25
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. |Oct. 25
Edith ...... Valdez & Seward ...... |Oct. ,'M
Sun, Moon ] and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
"at -Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by of flcial authority of the
superintendent. ' • -
NOTE3 — The high and ' low • waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point ;', the height
of tldp Is the. same at bothplaces. . \~V
MONDAT. OCTOBER 16.
Sun rises .....6:10
Sun sets ........._..... ..5:21
Moon sets .7:34 \u25a0 p. m.
D ITimel JTime [Time ITime
p Ft. j Ft. Ft. 1- Ft.
? |H -W| -\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0: 1L W| > |H^W| .; |L w| .
16 I 1:35| 4.3] «:38| 2.5|12:25| 5.0j 7:131 0.7
17 | 2:22| 4.21 7:03| 2.8112:551 5:01 7:55 0.0
18 I 3:14 4.1 7:46 -3.0 1:30 4.9 8:42 0.6
19 [ 4:12 4.1 8:« 3.2 2:15 4.9 9:39 0.6
20 1 5:12 4.2 9:55 3.2 3:15 .4.7 10:40 0.6
21 «:10 4.4 11:12 ,3.2 4:34 4.6 11:42 ' 0.7
22 ! 7:02 4.6 12:23 ; 2.8 5:55|.' 4.6J.V. .. .....
,' NOTE—^In the ; above exposition of the tides
the early . morning j tides * are | given In the left
band ' column ' and j the successive ,-. tides : of the
day In the order: of occurrence as to 'time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
bometlmes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Weather Report.
-
(120 th meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Oct. 15—5 p. m.
- The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka G8 Independence 74
San Francisco .... 04 Sacramento 72
Lob Angeles 68 San Luis Oblspo... 74
Red Bluff 70 San Diego TO
Fresno 80
THE COAST RECORD. '
6TATION3. £ |I*§ ?g g
: f. § ..: ~;: ?
* • *• • * \u25a0
Baker ........30.06 42 32 NW Cloudy .00
Car50n........29. 84 58 44 SW Clear .00
Euroka ......30.16 68 48 N Clear Tr.
Frei«no 29.92 SO 52 NW Clear .00
S. E. Farallon29.B9 65 52 NW Clear .CO
Flagstaff 28.82 60 22 SW Clear .00
Independence. 29.74 74 46 SW Clear .00
L. Angeles... 21). 92 H8 sfi SW Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpais29.99 «2 5C NW Clear .00
North Head...30.12 54 4C NW Pt Cldy .34
; Phoenix . .2!).7G 80 58 NW Clear .00
'Ft. Reyes Lt..25).«l 56 48. NW Clear .00
Pocatello . 29.94 4S .18 W Cloudy .00
Portland'; 30.10 66 46 W Pt Cldy .46
Red Bluff 29.96 70 60 NW Clear .00
Roseburg ....30.10 54 .. SW Rain ..14
Sacramento ;.29.92 72 48 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake ....29.84 54 .. NW Clear .00
S. Francisco..3o.oo 04 50 W Clear .00
San Jose 29 .'9B 72 .'. NW Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo. .20.96 74 46 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.94 70 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.14 52 44 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.10 48 38 NW Pt Cldy .04
Tatoosh ......30.12 54 46 NE Clear .18
Walla Walla. ..°.0.08 52 42 SW Rain .36
Wlnnemucca .29.04 54 30 SW Clear .00
Yuma 29.76 90 54 SW Clear. .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally clear weather. prevails over the
Pacific Slope this evening. Light rain has
fallen in Oregon. Washington and Idaho.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern portion of the Pacific Coast and fallen
over the southern.
High southwest winds are reported from
Utah and . Northern Arizona and high north
west winds off the Central California coast.' »
The temperature has fallen over Northern
Nevada and Northeastern California. . -^
. FORECAST FOR OCTOBER 16. V
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Monday;
fresh northwest winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity—Fair Monday;
fresh north winds. ' \u25a0
Sacramento Valley—Fair Monday; light
north winds. - V' \u25a0
San Joaquin Valley—Fair Monday; light
north, winds. .
Coast—Fair Monday; brisk northwest winds.
Nevada —Fair Monday.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 15.
Stmr Rival, Halvorsen. 11 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Stmr Daisy Mitchell, Smith, 68 houre from
Astoria. ' M \u25a0-'.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, .13 hours from
Fort Bragg. • " -' *' n! '•' . '
Stmr Acme, Fagerlund, 70 hours from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr. M F- Plant*- > Nelson, 39 hours from
Coos Bay, via Port Harford 33 hours.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts, 65 hours from San Pe
dro and way ports. \u25a0
Ger stmr Germanlcus, Berndt, 01 hours from
Ladysmith. \u25a0«.
Stmr Sea Foam, Miller, 12 hours from Men
docino via Point Arena 9 hours.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. . ' • . .
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 55 hours from Ho
qulam. ' ' - '
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs,- 53 hours from San
Pedro.
\u25a0Schr Lily, Bottger,. 3 days from Umpqua
River.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Sandberg, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Rio Rey, Crangle, 9 hours from Bow
ens Landing. ,
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr R C Slade, Somerud, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Sunday, October 15.
Ger sttnr Abydos. Leibfarth, Hamburg via
Seattle and Tacoma.
Stmr Harold Dollar, Sears, Seattle and Ta
coma. • \ • *
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego and
way ports. \u25a0 ,
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr W H Kruger, Martin, San Pedro.
Schr Santiago, Larcen, Monterey, .In tow of
tug Defiance. . - • .
Tug Defiance. James, Monterey, 'with schr
Monterey In tow.
TELEGRAPHIC. ;
POINT LOBOS, Oct 15. 10 p m — W r eather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 14 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NOME — Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr Oregon, from
Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 14— Ger Bhlp Marie
Hackfeld, for'.Unlted Kingdom; schr William
Renton, for San Pedro.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Oct 14— Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
BALLARD— SaiIed . Oct 14— Schr Alexander
T Brov.-n. for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 14— Ship John
Currier, for Sydney.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 14 — Stmr San Gabriel,
for San Pedro; schr Metha Nelson, for Topo
lobampo.
n. Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Sequoia, hence Oct 12.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 15 — Stmr Homer,
hence Oct 11. .
/SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 15— Schr W J
Patterson, from Grays Harbor; schr Melrose,
from' Grays Harbor; schr Repeat, ' from As
toria. *. . - \u25a0 #
Sailed Oct 15 — !=jtmr Francis H Leggett, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 15— Stmr City of Pu
ebla, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 14 — Stmr Al Xl from Skag
way. Oct 15— Stmr Umatllla; hence Oct 12;
stmr Jcanie, from Nome.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 15— Br
Etmr Chiswick. from Yokohama. •
PORT, HARFORD— SaiIed Oct 15, 10 a m—
Stmr Argyll, .with bktn Fullcrton in tow, for
Klhei. .?' \u25a0• \u25a0•\u25a0-;\u25a0
Arrrlved Oct 14. 7 p m — Stmr Coos Bay,
hence- Oct v*. and sailed Oct 15, 12:00 am.
for 6a n Pedro. - '.' ' ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0
WESTPonT— Sailed Oct 15-^Stmr Westport,'
for San Francisco.
SANTA, BARBARA— Arrived Oct. 15— Stmr
Coos Bay, hence Oct 12, and sailed for San
Pedro. ' \u25a0 : \u25a0 « \u25a0 «»
Sailed Oct 15-^-Stmr. Stato of California* for
San Francisco." . . -
..BANDON— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Oakland,
hence Oct 10. -- . . .
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct l.V^-Ship Elwell,
from ' Panama for Port Townsend. * \u25a0
Passed oht Oct 15 — Ger : ship Marie Hack
feld. from Tacoma .for United Kingdom.'*
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 15 — Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria and I Portland for Eureka; itmr
Czarina, hence Oct 12. .- ' .
ISLAND FORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Ne
vadan, hence Oct 7. / I>'1 >'
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA. -B:- C— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr
Umatilla, hence Oct 12;', Br ship Garnet Hill,
from Salina Cruz. . . ' "
Sailed Ocl. 15 — Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco. .. .' '. j» . \u25a0
. . OCEAN. STPAMERS. > • ; .
- NEW YORK— Arrived. Oct 15— Stmr Neapoli
tan Prince, from Naplts, ; Palermo, etc; 'stmr
Caledonia, from Glasgow, and Movllle. '. • . '
YOKOHAMAi-Arrrlved Oct i 13— Stmr Man
churia, from . San - Francisco = via Honolulu - for
Hlogo, Nagasaki, ' Shanghai and Hongkong.,
LIVERPOOL— ArrrIved Oct 15 — Stmr Ba
varian, from \u25a0 Montreal.? '-> . .' -. ;. .
N NAPLES — Arrived Oct 15 — Stmr Cretic, from
Genoa and Palermo for New York' via Algeria.
'\u25a0- MOVlLLE— Sailed ;i Oct • 15— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow for New York. r ;.
>'• DOVER— Sailed Oct! 16— Stmr Pretoria,' from
Hamburg. for New York via Boulogne. .
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct v 15 — Stmr Um
brla, from Liverpool for New. York.
Memoranda.
• The ; stmr. Centennial, . hence Sept -. 13 - for
Vladivostok, was . captured by Japanese' in
Soya Straits o n Oct 1».
COOS BAT, Oct 15-^-Tho - schr Sacramento
went ashore on ocean ;' beach oposite Empire
City;. vessel total loss; crew saved.
BLACK TRALEE
A FAST HOUND
Outf oots a Bunch of High
Grade Youngsters in the
California Futurity Run
DARKNESS INTERFERES
Champion and Reserve Races
Are Unfinished Because
Shades of Night Descend
Black Tralee took first money In the
California Futurity stake at Union
Coursing' Park yesterday, defeating the
fleet Young Pepper in the deciding
round. A fast field was entered and
the sport was good all the way from
the first round. One of the best crowds
of the season was on hand and the
betting: was lively all the way. Black
Tralee ran in splendid form through
out and bowled over the best of them
without apparent effort. ,
Neither tho champion nor the reserve
stake was finished because of lack of
time. The programme was such a
lengthy one that the shades of night
fell over the park before the sport was
concluded. The two unfinished stakes
will probably be run off next Sunday.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Reilly's official scores:
Reserve stake : First round — Raby Aurora
beat Happy Lad, 5-4; Texas Mamie beat Real
Rocker, fi-4; Frisco Lad beat Fiery Eye, 10-5;
Sherman beat Shotgun. 5-3; Siroc beat Jimmy
Allen, 7-1) Sea Lion beat Miss Rocklin, 10-3;
Royal Spirit beat Surinybrook, 5-3; Paul Dun
bar beat Camber, 10-0; Jim Lamb beat Val
lejo Star, 12-0; Blue Bell Deat Bonnie Flush.
16-0; Clcon a bye. Rush a way withdrawn; Bel
niont beat False Alarm, i-2; Miss Gambit beat
Blanche Jewett 8-2; Muggsy beat Maid Ma
rion, 5-2; Blue" Bell beat Belle Marie, 18-8;
Mercedes beat The Limit, 9-tt; Fetterless beat
Elenor B, l»-6; Fair Flying beat John Hooker,
8-4; Fair Warning beat Una, 9-5; Amandan
beat The Referee, 6-0; Kins V beat Jim H,
12-:t; Renegade Apache beat Frank Dunn, 4-O;
Angus Cissus beat Blaze, 6-0; Sttngaree beat
Mr. Lonjere, 5-1.
Second round— Raby Aurora beat Texas Ma-"
mle, 3-2; Sherman a bye, Frisco Lad with
drawn; Sea Lion beat SUw, 3-1; Paul Dunbar
beat Royal Spirit, tj-4; .Jim Lamb beat Blue
Bell, 10-3; Belmont beat Cleon. 7-3; Muggsy
beat Miss Gambit, 11-7; Mercedes beat Blue
Craig, IS-10; Fetterless beat Fair Warning.
8-2; Amnndan beat Fair Flying, 3-0; Renegade
Apaohe beat King V, 6-1; Stingaree beat Angus
Cissus, 12-10.
Third round — Raby Aurora beat Sherman,
4-0; Sea Lion beat Paul Dunbar, 10-3; Jim
Lamb beat Belmont, 18-10; Mercedes beat
Mugfrsy, 8-5; Fetterless beat Amandan, 5-0;
Renegade Apache beat Stingaree, 10-6.
Champion stake, first round — Panoche beat
Carlow Boy, 6-5; Hudson beat Agile Spurt, 8-1;
Pomona beat Hudson, 6-:0; Barge beat Rocked
Arleep. 6-1; Humboldt beat Lost Chord, 12-3;
Terra Cotta beat Gold Chain, 3-0.
Second -round — Panoche beat Hudson, 4-0;
Barge beat Pomona, 7-6; Terra Cotta beat
Humboldt. 10-3.
Calltornia Futurity. first round— Little
Claude beat Roman Fire, 12-3; Young Pepper
beat Lupin. tT-0; Ruby Athlete beat Honest
Girl. JS-O: Roman Actor beat Jim Ryan. 22-7;
Real Rocker beat Elbe Royal, 10-6: Eurasia
beat Minnie Brewer, 10-12; Wild Mist beat
Clyde, 12-1; The Old Peach beat Irvlngton
Boy; Davy Crockett beat Roman Actress,
11-4; Black Tralee beat Lady Honesty,. 4-0;
Trr.lee Girl beat Wild Peas, 7-5; Viking beat
Eric Flush. 9-3; Ennis beat Tralee Lad. 15-12;
The Roman beat Golden, 4-0; Four Paw beat
Real American, 11-4: Wild Gus beat Fire
Maid, 7-3; The Mint beat Ready Rider. 8-3.
Second round — Little Claude beat Ruby
Athlete, , 15-10: Young Pepper beat Roman
Athlete. ,12-S; Real Rocker beat Euresia; 12-7;
Wild: Mist boa .The Old Peach, 11-8; Black
Tralee beat Davy Crockett, 16-7; Miss Viking
beat Tralee Girl, 21-12; Four Paw beat Ennis/
5-0; The Roman beat Wild . Gus, 14-11; The
Mint a natural bye. • .
Third round— Real Rocker beat Little Claude,
11-6; Young Pepper beat Wild Mist. 4-2: Black
Tralee bt-at Miss Viking, 5-2: The Roman
beat The Mint, 6-2; Four Paw a natural bye.
Fourth round — Youni; Pepper beat Real
Rocker, 14-ti: Black Tralee beat Four Paw
4-2; The Roman a natural bye.
Fifth round — Younc Pepper a bye. The Ro
man withdrawn; Black Tralee a natural bye.
Deciding course — Black Tralee beat Young
Pepper.
LONELY LIFE FINALLY
WINS TRADER FORTUNE
Eight Yearn Spent on the Lower
Yukon Well Repays the
Patient Man. \u25a0'
With Alaska furs valued at $25,000
from Nuluto, on the Lower Yukon, Gar
rett Bush has arrived in Seattle after
eight years spent in trafficking with
the Indians in the wilderness which he
was the first white man to penetrate
as a trader. When Mr. Bush reached
Nulato August 1-, 1897, with a miner's
outfit as his sole possession, he foresaw
in that gloomy solitude a trade in the
furs which protect animal life from
arctic winters which would exceed in
returns the reasonable possibilities of
mining ventures. .
Mrr Bush settled down at the place
where the little town of Nulato now
stands. He built a one-story cabin
with lumber which he sawed from the
native timber and began to trade his
miners' supplies to the natives for the
furs which they knew so well how to
trap, but of whose value they had no
conception. Through the first winter
he lived alone, except when an oc
casional squad of Indian trappers came
by and stopped in curiosity to learn
what manner of man had settled in so
lonely a spot. To these Indians he
traded his humble supplies except the
provisions which he actually needed to
sustain his own existence until spring.
The visits of the i.idians wre few and
far . between. The solitary trader was
often.homesicK as he. sat through tne al
most perpetual darkness of the/Arctic
winter. In the short hours of gllmmer
ii.g daylight he gathered his little stores
of firewood, dragging them through the
snow, and then sat through the long
nicht counting off the days on the calen
dar until spring. His nearest white
neighbors were at Anvik. 200 miles down
the Yukon, and at Weare, 240 miles up
the stream. He never saw a white face
until nearly a year after his arrival at
Nulato. .
When spring. broke upon the lonely.her
mit life assumed a more cheerful aspect.
The fame of the new white trader had
spread "far through the- Indian settle
ments and the natives began calling regu
larly at the post with their stock of furs.
I They came from Koyokuk, from, Innoko
and from Kuskokwin, some of them
traveling nearly 500 miles.
The prospects of the fur trade became
so bright that .Mr. Busch sent to .New
York for his wife to come out and join
him. ; .
She did so, taking with her their two
babies, a boy. and a girl. These children
have learned to sp*eak the Indian ; lan
guage fluently, but last fall were sent
back to New York to be educated.—Seat
tle I Times.
Ananias' Redlvlvus.
In Highland Lake yesterday a t little sun
fish bit a', worm on the hook of Frank
Bradford's ; rod and line, \u25a0 a small bass
seized the; suntish and a large pickerel
partly swallowed' the. bass containing the
sunflsh. Bradford got three flsh at one
pull. '
A few weeks ago. George M. Bradford,
father, of Frank Bradford, was fishing In
the same waters when a small [perch
swallowed a • worm on his hook attached
to a hand line, and before Mr. Bradford
could get it "; Into : the boat a- pickerel
swallowed the -perch, and, the two were
seized by a. three-pound pickerel, which
was. successfully "landed. .. .
vAffldavitSt.will bo. furnished to anyone
who doubts this story.—New York Herald.
: An Englishman* says that * the people of
the.United States'are nerve-racked, bald
headed, gray-haired, v'catarrhal people,
who : do not * know how to live. -
FEATURE STAKE
FOR FOXHUNTER
Doyle ? s Greyhound Kegains
Form and Outf oots Fleet
Bunch in Champion Event
HIDDEN HATEED SCOEES
Eaises the Flag Over Koko
Eico at Ingleside Cours
ing Park in Sharp Trial
J. Doyle's greyhound FoxhunteV, which
has been running In hard luck the last
few weeks, got in his stride yesterday at
Ingleside and outfooted a fleet bunch of
longtails in the champion stake. Friend
less Boy, the overnight favorite for the
feature event, was withdrawn in the
third round, owing to a temporary in
jury.
In the reserve event Hidden Hatred
beat Koko Rico, a puppy, in the final.
A great deal of Interest la being mani
fested in the match race between Homer
Boy and Sacramento Boy, which will be
run at Ingleside next Sunday. Several
bets have been made on -the outcome,
with Sacramento Boy a 4 to 5 favorite.
Following are the results, with Judge
John Sutton's official scores:
Champion stake, first round— Friendless Boy
beat Sampler 6-E; May S a bye. Homer Boy
withdrawn; Race King beat Lancashire Lad.
9-3: Lucy Clare beat Orslna, 5-3; Bon Am!
beat ~Conroy, 3-2; Foxhunter beat Butte
City, 4-2.
Second round— Friendless Boy a bye. May
S withdrawn: Lucy Clare beat Race King, 7-1;
Foxhunter beat Bon Ami. 6-5.
Third round— Lucy Clare a bye. Friendless
Boy withdrawn; Foxhunter a bye.
Deciding course — J. Doyle's Foxhunter (For
tuna * Favente, lmp-Mt. Ida) bsat ;E. L.
Grimm's Lucy Clare (St. Clare-Lucille). 7-3.
Reseive stake, first round — Wild Mamt« beat
Prometheus. 8-3; The Rival beat Wild Tralee.
7-0; Mlsa Emily beat Evil Eye, 3-2; Bob R
beat Flyback. 6-0; Limerick Boy beat Mag
nolia Blossom. 6-1; Mickey Free beat Mellen
wood 3-2; Hidden Hatred beat Little Dainty.
«-2: Pasha Pleasant beat Cubanola. 7-5; Koko
Rico beat Dear Gaston. 6-0; Capital Lady
beat Winninjr Friend. . 4-0: Fairy Belle beat
I-ulu Girl. 6-0; D R beat Idleness. 4-0; Ragged
Actor beat Loretta, 6-4; lodine beat Little
Plunger, 4-3; Sir Wlnton beat Moonbeam. 7-2;
Gloomy Gus beat J R, 0-4.
Second round — Wild Mamie beat The Rival.
7-5; Miss Emily beat Bob R. 7-3; Limerick
Boy beat Mickey Free. IT-S; Hidden Hatred
beat Pasha Pleasant, 14-7: Koko Rico beat
Capital Lady. 4-3; D R beat Fairy Belle. 3-2:
lodine beat Ragged Actor. 1 5-3; Sir Winton £eat
Gloomy Gus. 10-5.
\u25a0 Third round — Wild Mamie beat Miss Emily.
7-4; Hidden Hatred beat Limerick Boy. 5-2;
Koko Rico beat D R. 7-5; Sir Wlnton Beat lo
dine, 13-7.
Fourth round— Hidden Hatred beat Wild Ma
mie. 5-0; Koko Rico beat Sir Wlnton. 5-3.
Deciding course — E. L. Grimm's Hidden
Hatred (Don Pedro-Richmond) beat Geonte
Nethercotfs Koko Rico (Rocker-Freda C), 14-6.
Open stake: Second .round — Sweetness beat
For Gold, 6-2: Wedgewood beat Golden Buck.
5-0; Commercial Traveler' beat Arthur S. 5-0;
Russell J beat Whoa Bill. 6-2: Odd Eyes beat
Pride of the Hill. 7-6: Doretta beat Rose Clark.
10-7; Sunny Shore beat Oulda. 11-4; Annie Gill
beat ' Sweet Tooth, 9-0; Meddlesome beat Tom
Hurlick. 6-5: My Surprise bsat In Time, 5-0;
Tipjtecanoe beat Lady Fielflwick. 9-8.
Third round — Wedgewood | beat Sweetness,
6-0; Commercial Traveler beat Russell J. 9-3;
Doretta tx*at Odd Eyes. 15-3; Sunny Shore beat
Annie Gill, 12-5; My Surprise beat Meddlesome,
10-5: Tlppecanoe a bye. •
Fourth round — Wedgewood beat Doretta. 9-5;
Sunny Shore beat Commercial Traveler, 5-3;
My Surprise beat Tippecanoe. 6-3.
Fifth round — Sunny Shore.b eat Wedgewood.
3-2; My Surprise a bye.
Deciding course — Jerry O'Shea Jr.'s Sunny
Bhore (Crawford Lad-Young Firenzi) beat
Byrnes' My Surprise (Mocndyne-Brilllantlne),
14-6.-- - - . ...._.: ...
Business Inxtluet on a Farm.
A few years ago a comparatively young
man was working as a 'clerk in a country
bank in 'the Southwest. He did not see
much future in the banking business,
but he did I see vast acres of land, be
longing to the Indian tribes, lying un
tilled. There seemed to be a future in
the land and it appeared to him easier
to acquire land than a bank. So he be
gan to cultivate Indian chiefs, not in a
hit or miss fashion, but with as much
system as an advertising man follows
up a prospective customer, only it was
a different kind of follow-up system.
And it required the same characteristics
the salesman requires, says the narrator
in System. He had his goal distinctly
in mind; .he knew the Indians— how to
approach them. He secured the Indians'
consent to lease him 50.000 acres at 45
cents an acre. Then he secured the con
sent of the Indian agent, which was
probably another ticklish task. That was
six or eight years ago. The greater part
of the money he began with was bor
rowed. Last year the earnings from this
ranch were over ;i50.000; SOOO cattle. 500,000
bushels of grain; that Is the way. the
results run.
For the sVime system that was used In
acquiring the ranch 13 being used In its
operation. This man, George W. Miller,
is not a farmer: he is a business man— a
business man of the modern type, who
works through organization.— New .York
Commercial.:
The Third and the Fourth.
A young man was requested by his
tutor to submit a composition in the form
of a short story. He sent in the follow
ing effort:
THREE GENERATIONS:
OR FROM SHIRT SLEEVES TO SHIRT
SLEEVES.
-' r I. Porter.
11. Im-porter.
111. S-porter.
IV. Porter.
— Llppincott's.
RAILWAY^TRAVEL.^
H~" To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY/
MILL VALLEf,
CAZADERO, Etc,
Via Sauinll to Ferry.
SUBURBAN SEKViuE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart week days and Sundays at 7:00 (ex-
cept Sunday). 7:45. 8:25. I) : 10. 9:50. 11:00 J.
m?; 12:20. 1:45. 3:15 4:33. 5:15 f 5:50, 6:30:
7^6 9:C«. 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m.. 3:15 D
m . (Saturdays only). 5:15 p. m. daily except
Saturday and Sunday; Sundays and holidays—
7 -45 9:10, 11: CO a. m.. U45 p. m.
THROUGH TKAINS.
7 ;45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays only — For Cazadero*
etc. - ' l ' * \u25a0
5:15 p. m. dally (except Saturday and Sun*
day) — For Point Reyes, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
\u25a0 ' I SANTA FE TRAINS- '
7:30 a. m. T For Stockton. Merced. Freano, Han-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakersfleld and tn-
8:00 p.m. termediate "points.
n 1 California Limited. 3 days to Chi-
ll :30a. m. \u25a0 cago, Mondays, and Thursdays.
- . -• Direct connection to Grand Canyon.
' Valley Limited. Tor Stockton. Mer-
\ ced. Fresno, Hanford. Vlsalia and
0:30 a. m. ? Eakersfleld and points on: the Sl-
I erra Railway.
4 :00 p.m.? For Stockton, and Intermediate
S points. .
I Overland Express, for Chicago.
8:00 p.m.)- Kansas' City. Denver and Grand
- .-'.—« J Canyon.
Ticket Offices — 653 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
1 ' San ' Francisco; : also 112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 . South , First. San Jo*e.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
.^^g^ • WtflC BITS
Leave S. F. 9:50 a m 1:45 »• m
fsSgßßSga A »™' e S. F. 1 0.45 A M 2:55, 6.-J-' pm
\S*^33uf SITTJ?JIT 051T
Lv.S.F.4^spsiAr.S.F. 11:25 pm
WSr SUSDAT3 iSD UGH HOUJJITS
\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0- Ly - s « F- 825,9:50,11:00 AM 1.45pm
~~ V- Ar. S. F. 1^0. 2-^5, 4.-23, 6:22 pm
TICIIT \ 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
OWICIS t and Sausauto Ferxy, Foot Market St.
RAILWAY TRAVEI~
" Trains leare and »T9 due
. V^J» to arrlTe at
/CV^^\^J SAX FKANCTSCO.
I I boStiT^ ; j Fbom Octobix 8. 13C3.
\fy&£^&£// "^ Fksry Dipot
(Foot of Mar Set Street)
»it«- MAIN LINE. -^BBrTT
"7.00a Elmlra. Vacavllle. Winters. Kumser 7-48^
7.00 a Richmond. Benlcia. Sacramento.
- Sulsunand TVay SUtlons 7.28P
740A Vallejo, Napa, C^Ustog*, Santa.
Rosa, Martinez. San Bamon S.oB*
7.4oANlles, picasaatbn. LlTermore.
Tracr, Lathrop, Stockton.....— 7-28P
8430a Shasta E.xpre*» —(Vl a . D a t la).
TViniams, WlUows. fFrato. Ked
BIc:r. Portland. Tacoma. bcattle. /-48P
8 BoaD»tls. Woodland, KnfghJa Landing.
MarrsTtlle. OroTtlle .7.48p
8 20AMartlnei, Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. Newman, Loa Banos,
Menriota. Annona, Hanroru, « 4.pg p
Vtsalla, Portenrille .............. ) 4.48P
B.2flAPort Co»ta. Lathrop. Merced. Mo-
deito, Fresno, Uanford, VtsaJla,
Bakersfleld •• «•«'*
8 40a Nlles. San Jose. Livermore. Stoci-
ton (tMllton). Valley SprJnff.
lone, Sacramento, PlacerTlUc,
Colfax. Mary»iille.Kedßlnff.... 4.03P
B.4oA Oalcdale, Chinese. Jamestown.
Bonora. Tuolumne i»nd Angels... *•««!»
9.00 A Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 4.ZBP
9.4oa ßichmond, Port Co»ta, Martinez
and Way Stations (fConcord) .... S-48P
10.20 a Vallejo, Dally. Xa?a. Sunday only 7.48P
10.20aLcs Angeles P»s»cnKcr— Port
Costa. Marttnez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced.
Kaymontl, Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla,
Bakersfield. Los Angeles 7.03P
10-20A El Paso, Kansas City, St. Loais and
Chicago.. 7.GBP
11.00 a Tho overland Limited— Omaha.
Chicago, Denver, Kansas City... 5.433
11.40ANiles, tan Jo»e ami Way Stations. 2.48P
t1 .OOP Sacramento River Steamers til .oop
3.2opPort Costa, Martlne3.llyron,Tracy.
Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-U3P
3-20PToseinlte and Mar!po?a Big Trees,
Monday, 'Wednesday and Fvldny 3-43 A
3.4oPBen!cia. -Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlshts Landing.
MarysTille and Ororllle 10.48 a
340pHayward. Nlles, and Way Stations 7^*BP
4-0 OP Vallejo, Martinez, San liamon.
Napa. t'alistosrs, Santa Roxa 9.23 a
4.ooPXiles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 10.28 a
4.4oPHayward. Nlles. IrvlßEton, Saa) J8.43a
Jose, LlTermore 1 t11.43A
6.OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman. Lo«
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Los Angeles 8-43 a
6.ooPChtcago and St. Louis Special— Et
Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis and
Cnlcago 8.43 a
t5-20P Hay ward, Nlles and San Jose 7.03 a
B-20P Vallejo. Port Costa, Benicta. Sul-
san. Sacramento 11.23 a
6-COp Eastern Express— Omaha. Chicatrc.
Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,
Eeno, Sparks. Montello. Ogden .. 1 2. 43 p
6-20PHayward. NHes and San Jose 8.43 a
7.ooPKeno Passenger— Port Cotta, Be-
, nlcla, Satsnn, Elmlra, Dtxon.
DaTls.Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pah, Golrtfleld andKeeler 7-C3.%
7.ooPVallejo. Crockett aad Way Sta-
tions, Sunday only 11.28 a
B.2oPOregon & California Erpress — Sac-
ramento. MarysTille. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.49 a
9.oopHayward, Nlles and Saa Jose (Saa-
day only) t11.43A
COAST LINE (Narrow Gauge).
. (Foot of Marlcet Street.)
' B.lsa Newark, CenterTllle, Saa Jose.
Felton. Boalder Creek. Sant*
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55P
t2.lspNewark. Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden.LosGatos. Felton.
Boalder Creelc, Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations t1055A
4.lspNewark, Saa Jo3e, Los Gato» ....-| j|q J|^
9 . 4s p Hunters Trala— (Satarday oaly) t 1
San Jose and Way Stations t7-59p J
COAST LIME <UroaJ «au B ej.
t3f~(Thiru and Townaend Streets.)
* 6.10 a San Jok« and W»y Stations 6-30P
7.00 a San Jose and Way Stations 5.40P
B.ooaNcw Almadea (Tues., Frl., only).. 4>lop
B.ooa The Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Kobles, Sant*
Margarita. Baa Lut* Oblspo.
Gaadalupe, Garlota. Santa Bar-
bara. San BaenaTentura, Oxnard.
Burbank, Los Angeles 10-30°
B.OOAQUroy, HollUter. Pajaro, Castro-
Tllle. Del Moate, Pacific GroVe,
Surf, Lomcoc 10-30f»
9-OOASan Jose.Trcs Plnos. Watsonville,
Capitol a. Santa Cruz. Paclfla
GroTe, Saiinas. &sn Luis Oblspo
and Princlp.il Way Station* 41 Oo
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1 .20p
I 1I 1 .30a San Jose and Way Stations 7.4'.)j>
2.l5PSan Jose and Way Stations 8.36 a
- 3.oopDel Monte Express— Santa CTnra. \u25a0
San Jose. WHtsonville. Santa-
Cruz. Del Monte. Moate rey
Pacific Grove V 12.151»
tS-OOPLos Gato*. Wright, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, y fa Santa Clara aad
Narrow Gange IC4Sa
3.30p£0-itti San Franclnco, San Jose,
GUroy, Holll<«ter, Tm Plnos 10.45 a
4.3OPSan Joae and Way Stations +7. 55 a
-fSOOpSanta Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos. t9-OOA
Js.3npSanJoseaadPrlncipalWay Stations 59.40 a
s.4sP Sunset Express— Redwood, San
Jose, Ollroy, Sallaas, Paso
Kobles, Saa Lu!s Oblapo. Saata
Barbara, Loa Angeles, Cemlsg;
El Paso, New Orleans 9«10a
5.45pE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Chicago 9.10 a
6.4aPPa]aro, Watsoavllle, Capitols. *
Santa Cruz. Castrovllle. Del
Moate, Pacific GroTe 10*30?
IS-ioPSan Mateo, Beresford. Belmont;
' San Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.4oA
6-30pSan Jose and Way Stations..... ... 6.36 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1 .TOPS-rath San Fraaclsco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
ltngame. Saa Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks, - -\ -«
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9.45p
ll^OP Saturdays oaly for Mayfleld, Moun-
tain View. Sunnyrale. Lawrence.
Santa Clara and San Jose t9.45p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market SO
t7.15 A.M. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
. - 1.00 P. M. 3.00 P.M. 5.1S P.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
fSunday excepted. tSoaday only.
JMonday only.
{Daily, and stops at an stations oa Saaday.
CALIFORNIA KOfiTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
Tiburon Kerry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00 a. bj.; 12:33, 3:30t
5:10. 6:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30 a. m.; 12:35. 3^o. 8:10.
8:30 p. m. «
SA?f RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:OS. 7:35, 7:30. 9:20 a. m.:
12:50, 3:4<>. 5:00/5:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:OS. S:uO. 8:13. 9:40 a. m.; 3:4%
4:B0. 8:00. 5:20. 6:30 p. m.
Leav«— I In Effect J Arrlv»
San Fran. | Oct. 8. 1905. [ San Fr&a.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Day?. I days. | tton. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:OOa I 9:10 a 8:40 a
0:00 a 9:30 a : Isnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 9
0:10 p 5:10 p 7:30p
9:0Oa! 9:30 at Napa I 9:10 al 8:40 p
5:10 p| 5:10 p| 1 6:20 pf 6:20 i>
7:30 a t 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:23 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «rt)s p 6:20 p
8:10p 3:30p and 7:35p "4
4 . 5:10 p Santa Rosa. \u25a0 "•
7:30 a T • 10:40 a ;0:25 a
8:00 at Fulton 7:30 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p|
Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a Hleadsburz 10:40 a 10:25 a
Lytton
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlla 7:30p 6:20 p
. j . CloverdaJe
7-30 a| S:0O al Hopland 110:40 a] 10:25 a
p| 3:30 p( and Uklah | 7:30 p{ 6:20 p
I j Wllllts and T j
T:3oa| 8:00 a| Sherwood t 7:30 pf 6:20 p
7:30 a] 8:00 at ~^ • 110:40 a'l(»:2s *
8:30 p( 3:30 p( GaernevUle I 7:3op| 6:2i> p
7:3 Oaf 8:00 al Sonoma t 9:lOat S:4t>a.
5:10 pi 5:10 p| Glen Ellen t 6:00 p| e:2O»
7:30 al 8:00 al 10:4Oa 10:25 »
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol 7:30 p 6:20 9
5:10 pi 5:10 p{
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whits Sulphur
Springs -nd Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyscrvllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdalo for the Geysers. Boon-
vil!e and Oreenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Caria-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepo-t. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at Ukiah
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga, Springs, Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's."
LJerly's. HullvUle. Orr's Hot Springs. Hair-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino
City. Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at Wll-
llts for Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood fo*
Fort Brags. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtlle. CUm-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit-
land. Dyer. \u25a0 Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced \u25a0 rates. • \
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond -San Rafael at half rates.'
.Ticket office. 600 Market st.. Chronicle build.
JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
Cen. Manawi' Oen. Pass. A«t.
THE WEEKLY GALL
Si per Year.SPORTS
PAGE
HUNTERS KILL
DUCKS GALORE
Agreeable Surprise Sprung
Wtteii the Birds Are Found
in Plenty Along Marshes
3JANY GET LIMIT BAGS
Henry Bassford Is Nearly
Dvowned NearSuisun When
Bottom Falls Out of Boat
£ve<»a; Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUX, Oct. 16.— Duck hunters on the
Suisun marshes were agreeably surprised
to-day. Contrary to expectations, ducks
I :e*ppeared all along the marshes after
t buying been scattered during the weather
or the past two weeks, t:id limit bags
-acre secured by every one. The San
1 rancisco local train * was overcrowded.
!th hunters this evening, who carried
• less than four or live thousand ducks
v.Uh them.
Frank Maskey, John Burdette and
Jamos Irvine, who shot on the Peyton
>.nds, each secured almos: me limit of
aarge ducks. McKann Havens. \V J
i-;uders and J. R. Burnham of the Oak
land gun clubs, with preserve* on the
l'omasir.i Tract, killed 133 ducks. Twelve
members of the Field and Tule Club near
Cordelia, scored a total of 435. Those
vho occupied the best blinds all got the
limit. Major Imvalle and dob Smith o/
han Francisco killed ninety-five ducks
and twenty-two geese on the Plant ranch,
roar Rio Vista-
Captain J. F. Seymour and A. Martin
\u25a0wore guests of Joe Harvry at the lat
•ipr-s private grounds. Each of the three
sportsmen killed fifty ducks before 9
<> clock. Hermann Oelrichs and three in
vited guests retire*! to Oelrichs- palatial
<H:bhouse at Cygnus before 9 o'clock
wjth 200 ducks. W. H. McAllister,
Mr. Babcock and Mr. Ells scored
K3 on the Ib/s grounds, and nearly
«<1 the members of the Teal and Cor
aelia clubs, located- on the Chamber
lain tract, reached the bag limit.
A party of Suisun hunters, Herman
Perkins, i C. Murphy. T. T. C. Gregory
e?:d Graat Chadbourne, killed 144 duck's I
<m the cStewart ponds, near Denverton.
» - H. ,*Beyan and George Harding of the
Club grot fifty-four on the Carpen-
The score of twelve guns at
the Belvedere Club on Joice Island was
~W A. Van der Naillen and Charles May-
Ufld each gx>t the limit.
Henry Bassford of Vacaville, a sportE
tnan well known throughout the State.
Narrowly escaped drowning at the Stew
ert ponds near Denverton at 5 o'clock
thJs morning. He went to the grounds
vpon the invitation of Sheriff James A.
K*>ys. Bassford was tak«>n out first in a
boat with the guide, and had gone but a
few feet from shore when the bottom of
the boat dropped out and both occupants
went down in about twelve feet of water.
Besides being a large man. Bassford
*as heavily weighted with two co&ts.
shells and gum boots. He made a desper
ate struggle Tor his life when he reached
the surface of the water. "Bnd by super
human efforts got elos* enough to the
bank to be dragged ashore. There Is a
suspicion that the wrecked boat was
tampered with last night, as it was in
use only yesterday, and was perfectly
strong and safe. An investitgatlon will
b« made at ccc.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15— The exodus of
«!uck awl <juall hunters from this city late
yesterday and early this morning for the
hunting grounds was far greater than in
any previous season at opening day. To
night many of the crack shots wended
their weary way homeward, and with
srareely an exception the sportsmen had
bap-ped "the limit" of birds. Colonel R.
F. MrKilican, Walter Haskell end \V
Tnwr.*end returned from Mayhews Land
ing with fifty fine ducks each. They re
port the -sport a* first class.
<»n the Alvarado marshes there were
several larpe parties of hunters and most
cf them ?hot the limit. Among others
•who eot fifty birds #»ach were Frank Wil-
BOTU Pat Kisich. Dr. W. Merrill. Dr. H.
F. Sullivan and P. Flynn. Otto Meinecke
?*!«<\u25a0> shot over the Alvarado marshes and
g<A A erood bag of sprig and spoonbills.
Farmer Sheriff Oscar Rogers, with dog
and gun, spent an hour this morning on
the Alaraeda marsh and bagged a half
dozen rail. He found so many boys
shooting apparently at random that he
abandoned the sport, fearing to be mis
taken for a bird and peppered with fine
bird shot.
Ut * 11. UIXT EXDS IX DEATH.
nifhnrd Bridget ater Acidentallr Killed
Whtl? Hnntfne Near San DJrjro.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 15. — Richard
Bridgewatpr, a w^ll-fcnown r^staMrant
man of this rity. met death by accident
\u25a0while hunting: quail to-day. He and
his son-in-law. William McMahon. went
to Rose Canyon for a hunt. McMahon
had alighted and was following the
tide hill with dog and gun. while
Bridgewater drov* with the buckboard
along the road. McMahon was not suc
r^eding w!th the dog and so sent him
back to Bridgewater. It Is supposed
that Bridgewater called the dog into
the buckboard and in moving about to
make room for the animal discharged
the shotgun. The charge of shot took
£ «-ffect in the fide and back of Bridge
*\u25a0 water's head and killed him Instantly.
Word- was sent to San Diego and the
body was brought here. An inquest
will be held to-morrow.
IL Pierson had the Index finger on
Ms right hand shot off while hunting
to-day.
McCOItMICK. CUT* DOWN
A MOTOR CYCLE RECORD
Saa Joxe Boy Reein Off a Mile In the
I'aM Time of 1t32.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 15. — The best motor
cycle race ever witnessed In this city
took place this afternoon, when records
went a-giimmering notwithstanding a
terrible neadwind. Johnny Baumgart
ner. the local motorist, was the shining
star of the meet, winning with eas-3
both the three and five mile events.
The three-mile race was won In 3:51 1-5
and the five miles In 6:17 3-5. Hal Mc-
Cormick, who was scheduled to ride
the exhibition one-mile for the Pacific
Coast paced cycle record, cut down the
figure by 2 2-5 seconds, making the
mile In 1:32. Carl Showalter tried fpr
the five-mile paced coast record, ' but
failed. With three laps to go lie lost
his motor cycle pacing, but at that time
was well inside the record made by L.
Downing. The first mile he rode In
1:41, the two miles in 3:21, three miles
in 4:51 and four mile in 6:26.
During the final of the three-mile
motor cycle race. William Lang had an
escape from death. While going at a
mile a minute clip following the lead
of Baumgartner he was thrown from
his machine with terrific force, but
g'wing to the fact that be skidded
".long and onto the earth his injuries
were not serious. The accident •, oc
curred on the tenth lap.
It will take more than chicken piety to
\u2666"uve this world from sin
SEALS DISPOSE OF SIW ASHES TWICE
HALL IS TENDERED A MERRY RECEPTION
AND RETIRES IN FAVOR OF JONES.
RUN GETTING COMMENCES IN THE FIRST
Jimmy Whalen Has
Ail Kinds of
Twisters
Nealon Drives Out
Three Timely
Bmgles
RESULTS OP GAMES.
Sun Francisco, 2; , Senttlr, 1.
San Francisco, C; Seattle, 1.
Portland, 5); Oakland 1."
Portland, 2( Oakland, 1 (five in
nlnsr»>.
Tacoma, 2; Los Anurlc-is 0.
STAXDIXC OV THE CLUBS.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
W. L.. Pet. | W. L Pet.
Oakland 30 31 .s."i7 'Portland 29 29.600
Loc Ar.geles.33 31 .Sl6 Seattle 29 33 .468
San Fran 34 34 ,SU» Tacoftm .....27 33 .450
The Sea'.s sure did have the class on
Russ Hall's Siwashes yesterday. Twice
they made the northern stars out second
raters. The first victory was one of
those that go down on the pages of base
ball history as a lucky win. but the sec
ond was legitimate, for the Seals had
the wallop and they never overlooked a
chance to take a ride on the offerings of
Hall or Jones.
It was a Sunday baseball game for the
rabble. The holiday crowd always wants
to see the home'team make as many runs
as possible except when Oakland plays.
Yesterday every fan on the lot was for
the Seals and the cheers and boosts of
the multitude seemed to count some, for
San Francisco was the only team that
figured from the first Innmg on.
Captain Russ Hall made a boot when
Waldron shot the first one at him in the
j opening inning. Kid Mohler tried to sac
rifice, but forced his man at second. The
Kid lost no time In stealing and when
Hall tossed to the base, trying to catch
him napping, he started for third. The
peg was very wild and the Kid had lots
of time to make the trip to the plate.
That first run was only a tester, for
the Peals began to open up on Hall in
the third In a manner that was shameful
and ungentlemanly. Every one on the
team seemed to have a base hit in his bat
and they ail began to unload them so
fast that two runs came through quickly.
The avalanche of runs did not cease in
the fourth, for the Seals copped iwo more
and they topped victory off during the
fifth by annexing another and making
the grand total six tor the game.
Jimmy Whalen was pitching ball that
should entitle any twirler to a shutout.
But the two errors of Johnny Goch
nauer in the fifth inning were costly \
ones. He allowed Kaphan to get a life on
a fumble and the next two men ad
vanced the runner along the line. When
the stde looked about In Gochnauer
booted one more and a run came over,
though Seattle was not entitled to it.
Joe Nealon came to the bat three times
and he walloped the leather. In the fifth
he opened up with a triple against the
deep left field fence and Householder sent
him through with one to left. The game
was full of fielding sensations and Moh
ler and i_»cnnett managed to divide the
honors between them. The score:
SAN* FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Waldron. c. f 6 2 2 O 0 0 0
Mofcltr 2b 4 2 2 O i 5 0
Hild»brand. Lf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Neklon, 1b... 3 1 3 2 12 1 0
Householder, r. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 t)
Irwin; 3b , 3 0 2 O 2 0 n
Goehnautr. »..«.\u25a0 2 1112 4;3
Wilson, c 2 0 O 1 6 0 0
Whalen, p 4 .0 0 0 0 2 0
Totale..: 31 C 13 4 27 12 3
Ao. K. I3li. SB. PO. A. E.
Bennett. Vb.Z. 4 0 1 0 4 1 0
Kane, c. r 4 O 0 0 0 3 0 j
Waiters, r. f 4.0 1 02 0 1 I
BlankensMp, c....... 4. 0 1 0 4 4. 01
Streib. 1b...J 4 0 1 18 0 0
L*ht*rborn, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
R. Hall, ». 6 4 0 2 0 1 11
Kapban. 1. f..... 4, 1 O 0 2 10
C. Hall, p 2 i 0 0 0 1 3 1
Jonee, p 2 0 0 0 0 10
Totals .\..36 1 6 1 24 1G 4
.RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle .'. 00001000 0— 1
Base hits 10 1110 0 0 2—61
San Franeieeo... 10221000 x—6
Base hits 0142 3 021 x—l 3
SUMMARY.
Runs off Hall 5, hits off Hall 7; runs btl
Jone* 1. hits oft Jones «. Three-base hit—Nea
lon. Two-base hlte —Bennett, Mohler. Sacri
fice hits —Wilson. Gochnauer. First base on
errors —San Francisco 2. Seattle ?.. First base j
on called balls—Off Hall 3. Left on bases—
San Francisco 7, Seattle 8/ Struck out —By
Whalen 5. by Jones 1. Hit by pitcher—WJlson.
Pawed ball—Dlankenshlp. : Time of game —
One hoar and thirty-five minutes. Umpire —
I 1I 1
•
I
;
•
I
|
.
I
I
Miller"* Hard Lack.
Roscoe Miller and hard luck are in- ;
separable. That was shown beyond i
the question of a* doubt yesterday
morning on the Oakland grounds when
the Seattle slabster pitched • ball: that
sent the Seals away with two hits. But ;
he also had a bunch of j#ood: fortune i
passed out with thefee-" two -blnglers.
and they netted as maYiy^run's. ' Hitt i
managed to get good, support an the)
time and in that way saved the ,game
for Uncle. The score: >.- ? ••• . \u0084
SEATTLE. / [
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. I
Bennett. 2b. 4 OO .0 2 3 1'
Kane c. f 4 0 tl 0 0 0 0,
J Walters, r. t. 4\<o. ' 1 0. 1 oOj
S'treib. lb 3 11 I .11 0 0
Lacterborn. Sb 2 0 0 0.2 3 1
R Hall. s. c 3 0 0 0 2 2; I
Palm, c 3 0 10 800
Kaphan. L t. .2 0 10 1 0 0
Miller, p. 3 0 0 0 0.4 0
Totals 28 1 5 I 24 12 3
SAN FRANCISCO. • - /^
AB: R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Waldron, c. f. ...... 3" 0 0: 1 0 ;0 0!
Mohler 2b 4 0 0 0 0 4-0
Hildebrand, 1. f 3.0 0 0 4 0 01
Nealon. lb. 3 0 1 0 10 0. 0 t
Householder, r. f. .. 2 0 0 0 2 0 '0 J
Irwin. 3b. 3 0.00 3 1 O
Gochnauer. s. s 3 2 0.10 3 0 I
Shea, c 2 0 0 0 SI 0,
Hltt, P. 3 0 l;.-0 0 3 Ol
Totals , 26 2 2.2 27 12 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 01 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits 02 0 10001 I—s
San Francisco .. 000001 01 x—2
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 x—2
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit—Streib. Sacrifice Alts—Lauter
born 2. Householder. Shea.' First base on er
rors—San Francisco 2. First base on called
balls—Oft Hltt 2. Left on bases—Seattle 4,
San Francisco 3. Struck out—By Miller 6, by
Hltt 8. Hit by pitcher—Waldnon. Double
play—Ooehnaner to Irwin to Mohl<»r to Nealon.
Passed ball—Palm. Wild pitch—Hitt. Time I
of game—1:20. Umpire—Davis. : : . j
OAKLAND IN THE TOBOGGAN".
PORTLAND. Ore., Oct 15.— Both
games- of to-day's double-header were
won. by Portland. The first was a one-
THE " SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; OCTOBER 10, 1 905.
(SNAPSHOT PHOTOGRAPH OF A FAST PLAY WHICH THE CAMERA CAUGHT
AS THE FLEET-FOOTED LEFT FIELDER OF THE SEALS TORE INTO THE
. • INITIAL BAG. BEATING OUT A HIT.
sided contest, for McCreedle's men
found the offerings of Oscar Graham
extremely to their liking and batted
him for nine hits and eight runs In
four innings. Blexrud succeeded
Graham in the fifth and held the locals
down fairly well. In the second game
Ham Iberg- had the locals shut out for
four innings and as the club had
agreed to call the contest at the end
of the fifth, it looked like a cinch for
Van Haltren's men, tmt McLean opened
the last inning with a safe hit to left
and went to second on McHale's'sacri
fice. An out put him on third and he
tied the score on an error. Ferry won
his own game by hitting a long two
bagger to center. Score: •
MORNING GAME.
PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Atz s s ............. 3 2 14 3 1
Van Buren. 1. f. 4 2 2 1 0 0
Mitchell, lb * 2 1 11. 0 1
ScMafley. 2b. 4 1 2 I 1 0
McLean.* £015 1 0
McHale. c. 1. -. 5 12 2 0 0
Sweeney 3b. 8-0 1 2-1 0
Gates, i . f 3 1 2 1 O 1
Garvln. p. _* _0 _1 _0 _i ,_0
Totals' 36 9 13 27 10 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A: E.
Van Haltren. c. f. ..... 4 12 3 0 1
Krucer r f * ° l a ° °
Svjf. 4 0 0 0 0.0
Mofkln-.an.lb -4 0 0 S 0 1 ;
Kelly 2b ...4' 0 .I.l' l-,.^. 1
Devereaux, s. s. ........ 3 ;o.; 0.,;.:3 \L'A},^T-
Richards/ Sb. .........<• 4 -0 \u0084,0 .3 \u0084« 2. , y tt
Hack*tt. c. 0 0.5 2 .1 0.
Byrnes. C. ...- 3 0 0 .8 0 0
Graham, p ••• • 1 0 0 0 ], «
Blexrud, p 2 _0 _0 _1 _0
V Totals ..'..w... 33 1 4 £7 0 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 2 0 0 6 1 o\6 0 o—9
Base hits 2 20 5 10 1 1 I—l 3
Oakland 0 01 0 00 0 0 o—l
Base hits 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 0 o— 4
SUMMARY.
Struck out— By Garvin 4, by Graham 3, by
Blexrud 3. First ba«e on errors— Portland 4.
Oakland 2. Bases on balls— Off Graham 5. off
Bl*xni<l 3. Left on bases — Portland 15, Oak
land «, Two-bas=e hits— Kruger, Cates. Three
bas>e hit— Sweeney. Sacrifice hit— Van Buren.
Stolen bases — Atz. Van Buren, McHale, Schlaf
ley. Hit by pitched ball— McHale. Devereaux.
Passed ball— Byrnes.' Balk— Garvin. Innings
pitched— By Graham 4, by Blexrud 5. Base
hit*— Off Graham !», off Blexrud 4. Time of
game — 2:10. Umpire — Rankin.
AFTERNOON GAME.
" PORTLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Atz. s. 5 2 00 1 -3 0
Van Buren. 1. f 10 0 0 0 0
Mitchell, lb 2 0 2 8 0 0j
Schlaney. 2b ..2 0. 0 0 0 0"
McLean, c 2 1 2 G I 1
McHale, c. f. 1 0 0 0 0 0
Sweeney, 3b. 2 0 0 0 0 1
Cates, r. f 2 1 0 0 0 0
Ferry, p 2 0 1 0 JJ 0
Totals .16 2 5 15 7 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Van HaltreK c f 3 1 0 0 0 0
Kruger, r. t i 0 0 0 00
Dunleavy. 1. f 2 0 0 2 1 Oj
Mosklman, lb 2 0 0 5 0 0-
Kelly. :...2 0 0 2 0 0)
Devereaux. c. s ....2 01 00 1
Richs.rds, 3b 2 0 112 1
Byrnes, c 2 ... 0 0 4 3 0
Ibersr. c 2 _° _° _° _^_f
Totals IS 1\ 2 *14 7 2
•Two men out when winning run was made
and game called per agreement.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland -10 0 0 0-1
Base hits. 0 1 0 1 o—2
Portland 0 \u25a0 .0 0 0 2-2
. Base hlte ....1 10 1 2—5
; SUMMARY.
Stmck out — By Iberg 3. by Ferry 4. Two
bsse hit— Ferry. Left on bases — Oakland 3,
Portland 2. Double plays — Byrnes to Kelly; \u25a0
Dunleavy to Byrnes. Sacrfnce hits— Kruger,
Van Buren, McHale. Stolen base — Devereaux. |
First base on trrors — Oakland 2. Portland 1.
Wild pitches— Ferry 2. Time of frame — On«
hour and Hve minutes. Umpire— Rankin.
— • — . / •> I
EMERSON HAS A GOOD DAY.
[' \u25a0-- \u25a0;-•; \u25a0 \u25a0
! 'LOS ANGELES. Oct. . 15. — Emorson
! was at his best to-day and the locals j
; could do nothing with. him. Emerson !
' had one bad inning, the seventh, when i
Ihe walked three men and filled the]
bases, but he steadied down and the I
Los Angeles batters were unable to get i
the ball out of the diamond. Baum
I was In poor form and the visitors •
' rapped his delivery for ten hits, total- j
I ing two runs. Score: I
LOS ANGELES.' |
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. I
lWnnrd c f • * l> 1 0 1 0 0
S 2b .:. —• 4' 0 0 0 3 2 0'
IS sb ::::.....• * o o o 1. 3 0
I?kshear. ...» |j » » » 1 J 0
Dillon lb ...".." 3 0 2 0 10 10
rravath r t 4 0 0 0 1 0 .0
RoVf \.'f 3 .0.00 3 00
Eater c 3 0 o*o 6 0 0
Baum.' p. ...-_3 J> _l J> : _1 _L _0 I
Totals.. ...30 0 4 0 27 11 0
:\u25a0•\u25a0 * • TACOMA. ;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dovlp rf '...." 0 1 0 1 00
I Sheehan 3b .5 12 0 110
.Nordyke. 1b,. ....... 5 0 1 0 15 0 0
T'acnn a «. 4., 1 .* . \u25a0 O • £ 1 U'
McShiln.l. f 4 0 2 .0 1 ; 0 0
&£?-& 7.7.::::;: a o 1 o I -? o
Eme£». P. ......••_* _0 _0 _0 _0 _6 _0
Totals ...... ....SO .2.10 .0 27 15 '0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles .... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Ba»* hits 0 10 0 0 10 1 I—4
Tadom^i ...:..... 0 1 0 0- 10 0 0 o—2
Baee hits" 1 20 2 3 0 0 1 l-lo
.• .\u25a0 /SUMMARY. . . t . j
Two-base hit — Eafcan. Sacrifice hits— Lynch
2 Left on bases— Los Angeles «, Tacoma 10.
First base on called: balls-rOff' Baum 1, oft
Emer&on 3. Struck out— By Emereon 2, .by
Baum 6. Double play — Brashe&r to Flood' to
Dillon. Wild ' pitch — Emerson. . Hit by pitch
er— Brashear. Time of grame— One hour 38
minutes. Umpire — Perrine.
: Try the United Statesl Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South" 420. •
BROWNS COME WITH A RUSH
IN THE EIGHTH INNING
ll j- Taking n Double Header From Car
dinals They Become Chain
;i{ \u25a0\u25a0' pions of St.' Louis. . '.'\u25a0
ST. LOUIS. Oct; iv.— After apparently being
hopelessly .beaten, the. St. I^ouis American. team
came from, behind with a rush in \u25a0 the eighth
inning of the first -game bf to-tJay's double-
I header and "defeated the Nationals. by.- the nar
| row margin of one. run, thereby, tlelng the local
I interleaguechamnlonship series.- three. to three,
j and enabling them to capture that honor by
annexing the second game, 3 to.s 0. 'The first
contest was bitterly fought. Howell was put
out of tlie grounds for objecting to a decision.
The second game was called at the end of the
fixth on account of darkness. Attendance, 18,
000. Scores: .•\u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 . • .
First game— R. H. E.
Nationals .....6 8 3
! Americans \u25a0•'... i.... 7 13 .2
I Batteries-r-Brown. Taylor, and Grady; Pelty,
. Howell. Sudhoff and Sugden.
i Second game — R. H. E.
Nationals 0 3 0
i Americans ' '3 ' \u25a0\u25a0 7 " \u25a0 0
. Batteries — Taylor and Grady; Howell and
| Spencer. . • • . - -
I CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— The Chicago Nationals
I to-day won the fourth fiame out of five played
| ir. the post-season' series, thus winning the
] championship, . Smith vyas. wild in the flret and
j Altrock was sent ,in to relieve him. Welmer
i pitched great bail • for a few innings, but
i Brown was sent in to replace him.- Both trams
1 hit frequently, but the yielding of both teams
j was sensational. A crow<i of 16,100 persons
i witnessed the contest. Si-ore: .R. H. 'E.
I, Americans "...5 11. 2
<\ ivltt-lonals . . i . i-.i. . ..po-i 10 11 1
jj Batteries — Smitli, Altrock and McFarland;
, Weimer, Brown and Kllngr. Umpires — Connolly
and Johnstone. .... ; . : ;
COM I»A N V C MA RKSMEN . WIN.
SLarpuhootcrn of Xnpa Kcelmrnt Are
Defeated on Their Own Ground*.
The members "of Company C, First
Artillery, journeyed to Napa yesterday
and outshot the -members of the up
country team -on their own- grounds.
The local boys made some good scores,
and their steadiness throughout ; the
shoot won for ,thenv the victory. r The
scores follow: .- ?
C6MPANY r C." •
200 300 500 Total.
F. F. Car Eon ... IW. -. 20 , 19 — 58
H. J Musgrave . lti 19 18— M
Corp. B; F. Suelflohn 17 • . . 15 17— 49
Sergeant F. J. Kane. 18 14 18— 50
C. F. Waltham. ..... 22 .. 17 \u25a0 22— «1
Corp. E. O. Suelflohn 20 21 21 — tS2
Sergeant J. E. Flynn 19 . - 19 22— GO
Sergt. McGllvery... .. 18 20 11—49
Corp. G L.- Harvey.. 18 19 16— 63
Captain J. N. Ross.. IS '-. ; 18/' 10— 52 .
Totals ISt 183 18(^547
COMPANY H, NAPA.
. Yards —
.200 300 500 Total.
Private Foster :....., 17 15 \u25a0• 7—397 — 39
Semeant Harris . ... 10 ' 13 . 14—4.1
Serjeant Hoover .... 18 18 ' 6— "41
Private Jensen 17 . 17, \u008415 — 49'
Lieutenant Frelleon.. IS '20 ' .. — SS
Sergeant Stratton ...20 12 6-^-38
Private Skelley ..... 16 13 9—38
Corporal Orr 19 19 13—51 -
Musician Throne 17 11 12—40
Captain Gardner, 19 22 10—51
Totals .....177 160 91—428
FIRE DAMAGES UIG AUTO
THAT WON VANDERBILT CUP
Gaftollne Isrnltcn While Machine) Is
Being I'rcpared for Shipment
to France. ' ;
NEW YORK, Oct. 15. — The French'
automobile "driven to victory In Satur
day's Vanderbllt cup race on. Long
Island by. Hamery. was badly damaged
to-day by fire and one, workman was
burned about the head as he attempted
to save the car. It is believed the acci
dent was due to the carelessness of a
spectator while the machine was being
prepared for shipment to France at
the French headquarters at Mineola,
Long Island. : . .
Drivers and j workmen on the racing
cars had warned people •to keep away
from them with matches or cigars, but
it is thought • that while the gasoline
was being drawn from the winning ma
chine to-day somebody approached with
a • lighted match. ". At any rate \ the
flames suddenly flashed from the gaso
line can, spread to the automobile and
before they were extinguished dam
aged it so that extensive repairs will
bl necessary. The workman who was
caught in attempting to remove
can was not severely burned. Hun
dreds of people called at the French
headquarters to-day to
the winner of yesterday's race.
Stella Win* Agrain.
. The Sunday -pennant races held by
the model yachtsmen at Spreckels Lake
yesterday resulted in .another victory
for Louis Petersen's Stella. The latter
has lost but once in two months. Peter
sen's" victory gives- his boat a lead of
two over ' Henry London's Imp. The
results follow:
• Flr«t "round— Petersen's Stella beat H. Lon
don's Imp; two; straight, 4 Brennan's Alice beat
Donovan's Florence two straight, '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 M. London's
Cricket beat Roeckner'a: Independence twoout
of three Doyle's Priscllla a bye.
Seml-nhr ld— Stella 'boat; Alice, two straight,
Cricket beat : Priscilla- two straight. " ; : .'.
Finals—Stella beat ; Cricket. \u25a0' ' \u25a0
' Produces ] Topless } Potato.
.For, fifty years Dayld I Maggart of this
place has } experimented : and labored ' to
produce "; a topless " potato, and has ! suc
ceeded. "By crossing 7;the".differentSva
rieties; arid, topping the* plant andrsproSat
lng, the result has : been • obtained." 4 It ; was
not ;until; this"; year ; that he \u25a0 was success
ful and he 'has a large without a spot
oi green showing as j the . reward | for his
half i century.; of constant endeayor.-f-Chl
cago Chronicle jHlEfln^'.:
MANY MARKSMEN
ON THE RANGES
E. Hammond Is High Man of
the California Club, With
T. J. Carroll Good Second
KUHLS GETS 420 KINGS
Charles Ackermann, Sharp
shooter From Walla Walla,
Greeted by Local Cracks
.There were a large number of marks
men' at Schuetzen Park yesterday to take
part in the" contests of; the different
clubs. The California sctiuetzen' Club
grave a combined buliseye and medal
I shoot, as did the members of the Grutli
I Schuetzen, while .the Vereln Eintracht
held its regular medal shoot. _
E. Hammond, with the good score of i) 3
points, was high man on the buliseye
.target of the California Club. He was
closely followed by'T. J. Carroll with 151
and George Tammeyer, who scored 217
points. The scores made at the medal
competitions of the different clubs were
below, the average shooting. F. A. KuhlS
of the Verein Eintracht made the highest
record of the . day with 420 rings in his
twenty-shot score. M. F. liartter, in the
California Club, made 220 rings in his ten
shot string. In the Grutli Club A. yon Wyl
led his comrades with the total of 20!
in his ten-shot medal score. F. J. Povey,
with 87 rings to his credit; carried off the
honors at the pistol target in the Cali
fornia Club' competition:
The members of the different clubs
were pleased to extend the glad hand to
Comrade Charles Ackermann, who jour
neyed all the way from Walla Walla to
see how rifle shooting is conducted in
California. Mr. Ackermann is a promi
nent officer of the Walla Walla club, and
was much pleased at the manner of con
ducting rifle contests in tnis State.
The scores: \u25a0 .v. v ,
California Schuetzen Club, monthly buliseye
shoot — E. Hammond 03, F. Attlnyer 1792. G.
Tarnmeyer 217, IV. O. Hoffman 330. O. Imdorf
34a. J. _. Utschlg 510, Otto Xolte 623. M. F.
Blasse U75, A. Rahwyler SCO. L Wille 844,
J A. Sutter 893, J. F. Robinson 89$. G. •M.
Barley 940. J. Studer 0t55, T. Stmmen 1007,
T. J. Carroll 151. ,F. J. Povey 1955. M. F.
Hartter 1446. F. Scheunert 015, A. Strecker
021, A. Utschig 947, A. Hintemann 100 a. F.
Rlede 1017. F. A. Kuhls 1170, William Ehren
pfort 1024, A. Hennings 073, F. Suter 1554, A.
Bertelsen 1217. C. Meyer 1045, John Boiler 11S3.
J. E. Klein DOO. \V; Nolden 13*4. L. Thier
bach 1112. J. C. Waller IW)2. M. Kolander
1358. W. F. Blasse 1458. C. yon Ha.rtwig 1524.
A. yon Wyl 1971, L. C. Babin 17(38. A. Jung
blut 2122. Alvln Ehrenl>fort 2-01, M. Heubold
2521. C. Sagehorn 2631. H. Bornholdt 253«. F.
C. Hagerup 2WM, J.Straub SM><s_. CM. Rous
seau 1912. I. Pollak '-'284. Philo Jacobs '1*374.
C. Sonningsen 2382; J. Iten _UCO. J. Horetmann
3CCO. *•\u25a0
Cadets— F. Bertelsen 047. W. Thierbach 1468.
Special prizes— M. Kolander. M. F. Hartter.
•IV F. Blasse, C. yon Harfwlg. F. Rlede, L. C.
Babin. 1768.
Medal shoot: First' champion class —C.
Meyer, 204; A. Strecker, 217. 216. Second
champion class— M. F. Blasse, 208, 217; A.
Rahwyler, 185; W. F. Blasse. 219, 201; W. Eh
renpfort. 103; George Tammeyer. 217,-215; J. :
E. Klein. 202; Pj.,Jacoby. «>_. First class— G»
M. Barley. 205. ,_ifO;[ftl. F. Ilartler, __ljL.2o:t;/
A. Bertelsen. 180, ISI. -Second class— F. -Suter..
195, ISS; A. yon Wyl. 16S. i!) 5; A. Studer. 217,
210; J. C. Waller. 152. Third class— C. Sage
horn 174, 16ti: William Nolden. 115. 152; J.
Straub, , 173, 179; M. Reubold, 139; F. C* Ha
gerup, 172, 138; F. J. Povey, 191, 192: L. WHIe.
191. 212: T. Simmen, lfle. 102; O. Kolte.-*IS9.
i 73; F. Riede, 188. 179; J. Hotfstmann, 204; H.
Scheunert. 194, 196. Fourth class— A. Hen
ntngs, 191; C. yon Harttvlg. . 171. ' 184; John
Boiler 191. 182; C. Sonningsfn, 153, 141. Un
classified — Edward C. Hammond, ISO; -J. A.
Sutter. 195. 200; J. Iten. 15S. -.-. '
Cadet class— F. O. Bertelsen, 174, I*3; Alvln
E"hreniJfort, 141. 174 \u25a0 '\u25a0 ..' 'r '
Pistol target— M. F. Blasee. 74, 71- L. C.
Babin 53, .51; A. Herininfrs. . 85. 78; M. Ko
lander. 85- XV. F. Blaese. 78, 86: C. Meyer, 85,
S3; J. C. Waller. 50, 54; George Tammeyer, 7i»;
H. Bornholdt. 63; F. J.. Povey. 77. 87; J.
Stiaub, 44. 4S; C. yon Hartwig, «2. S3; O.
Nolte, 74, 62; T. J. Carroll, 72; G. M. Barley,
b4, S3; J. Boiler 74, 60.
San Francisco GrutU Section, monthly medal
shoot: First champion class— A. Studer, 1»7;
J. Frei. 104,187; A. Sutter, 190, ISO; A. Hinte
mann, 195. 102. Second champion class— A. yon
Wyl 204 . 107; L. Hauser. 19«. IS4; O. Imdorf,
183- R Hauser. IW>. First class— Charles H.
Mueller 193 188: William Weiss, 118. 175. Sec
ond class— J. L. Leutenegger, 176. 180; E. Zust.
/Bullseye shoot—A. Studer. J. Iten, J. Frel. v
L Haueer. O. Imdorf, ,K. Hauser, A. Hinte
mann, S. Simmen. A. yon Wyl, C. Mueller.
Verein Elntraeht Shooting Section.- monthly
medal shoot: Champion class — Captain F. A:
Kuhls 420. John Young 381. A. G. Stroh 345.
F. C. Hagerup 281: first class— F. Eggelins
310 C Seuhrstedt 3SS. O.: Thiele 30(5; second
class, O. Nagel 328. F. Vo-.gnt 313, H. Schroe
der 277; third class — John Goltzene 288; best
first shot F. A. Kuhls, 24; best last shot, F.
A Kuhls, -22; Reubold. tropny, John Goltzene.
Y4.CIITSMEN FIND STEAD Y
BREEZE IN THE CHANNEL
Many Pleasure Craft Are Under Way
In Upper May and Alone ?
. CityFrout. |
Though the breeze was light in the
upper, bay . and*off Sausalito yesterday
there was a strong and steady wind In
the charinel. The tide served well tor
a run* to the upper bay in the morn
ing and many of the Sausalito mJ Ti
buron yachtsmen cruised off Paradise
Cove and El Campo. Among the yachts
under way were the schooners White
Wings and- Chispa, the sloops Ouasn,
Curlew. Phoenicia, ; Merope, White
Heather, Minnetonka, Nautilus, Ariel,
Annie, Thetis and Zada,- with the yawls
Royal Jester and Wave of the San
'Francisco Yacht Club; the schooner*
Lady Ada, th'eyawl Truant and :he
sloops Nixie, Speedwell, / Edna, Presto,
Mischief. May, Josie. Kathleen and
Freda of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
The' sloop Challenger cruised nearly
as far south as Hunters Point. The
sloop SapphO and ..the' yawl -.Witch also
sailed along the city front. The steam
yachts Lucero "and Lurline r were under
way. The crew of the yawl 'Tramon
i tana unbent her \sails preparatory to
laying- her up for the winter. The
handsome craft is in splendid cornil-
I tion, looking as trim as though the
season .were Just opening instead of
drawing to a, close..
The sloops . Queen, Phoenicia, Nau
tilus, Ariel, Sappho and Minnetonka,
with the yawl Tramontana' and some
of the Corinthian; yachts, will be laid
'up for the .winter in Corte . Mader.i
1 Creek. Other Corinthian yachts will
Ibe hauled out at Stone's yard. North,
| Beach. .'
Butcher Boy Taken , Cup.
SAN "DIEGO,; Oct. 15.— -To-day the
Butcher. Boy. won . the second jof the
series .of % yacht races for.the J. H.
Williams cup with such apparent ease
that the other four boats did npt seem
to be in the; race. ';. The course was over
the outside -triangle, 1 starting arid fin
ishing at the 'bell buoy and sailing
around a stake boat off r Coronado .Hotel
and. also 'around, the >whlstling\buoy,
the. entire distance being eight and a
third miles.. 'The Butcher, Boy made the
trip in "'\u25a0! two , hours > and •, seven seconds,'
beating the; Jerry on corrected time by
seven teen ; -minutes r and i the ""Junior by
eighteen i tminiites.'! The i Ironda and
West Wind were : also in, the race.
. A. R. Gates of iCurryyllle; , Mo., . claims
the' championship set of : ' whiskers of that
Btate." :? His fare I four , f eet * long, of a bru
nette shade,' and just twelve years old. ' «
JAMAICA TRACK
OPENS TO-DAY
Santa Catalina Looks Like
the Goods in Pierpont
the Big Event
FAST ONES IN KUNNING
Outlook for Good Sport at
Aqueduct, Washington and
Baltimore Is Promising
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15. — Six events
confront jj the racegoers to-morrow,
when the! Metropolitan Jockey Club's
i.ite«n days' autumn meeting will be
gin 'at the Jamaica race course. The
I'ierpont handicap at nine furlongs is
a feature for so late in the year, and
while no doubt there will be some
scratches, there will be enough left
in to guarantee a tirst-class contest.
Tfta added money — $2500 — is extreme
ly liberal for this time of the season,
and while the real stars of the racing
establishments are now in retirement,
there remain a very fair number of
horses a shade less pretentious who are
qualified to make it interesting for
each other and incidentally for the pub
lic. Santa Catalina is generally con
sidered the best horse In this race and
the track suits her.
The handicaps run at the recent Bel
mont Park meeting were more than
usually interesting, and the two long
distance races were also full of an
ticlpatious interest to the thinking ob
servers. The same class of racers will
be- seen at Jamaica and Aqueduct and
a fair proportion will go to Baltimore
and Washington, i.o that, while the
close of Belmont Park season marked
the end of racing '(the very highest
class, it by no means follows that the
remaining seven weeks of the Eastern
season will be barren; in fact, they are
usually invested with a reasonable
amount of Interest, even to the non
b .ling public.
JA3IACIA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Jamacia:
• First race, five and a half furlongs— Jacobite
lift Brother Frank 115. Father Catchem 115,
1 Benevolent 115, Disobedient 112, Zlenap 112.
; Rust 110. Oak Duke 110. Clark Griffith 110,
i Talagal IC7. Leria J 0».
Second race, mile and a sixteenth — Oarsman
112 Columbia Girl ICB. King Rose 108. Sato
100. Telephone 106. Orthodox 106, Hippocrates
103. Martinmas ICS. Knight of Rhodes 105.
Lord Badge 103. Bronz« Wing 103. Athlone 103.
The Huguenot 104. Atwood 101. Pronta 101,
Embarrassment 101. Panique OS. Just So 9s.
Third race, six furlongs, handicap — Israelite
12t>. Frcntenac .120, Pretension lift, Rusk 116.
Handzarra 115, Toscan 113. Mamie Worth 113.
Bohemia 110 Graceful 111. New Mown Hay
111 Zeala 108, Preen 108. Consideration 107,
Brother Frank 99, Floralla 09, Monacodor 9«.
Mirthless 93. Lucy Youn* 93, Kittle Platt 93,
! Royat Window 02.
Fourth race; mile and an eighth. Pierrepont
i Handicap. $25C0 added— Eugenia Burch , 12a
DclJy' SrankefT 119., 'Alma; Dufour 117. Bad
! News" 11« Merry Lark 115. Bedouin 115.' Std
' ney C. Love 110, Tongorder 108. Coy Maid 107.
i Race King 104. CedeMtrome 104. Oliver Crom
well 104. Santa Catalina 104. Yon Tromp 103.
Tni# Wint 100. Miss Crawiord 99, Sir Brtl
; liar 92. *-T±f~~-
Fifth rare, six furlongs, selling — Curly Jim
106 Mtrriek 105. Benevolent 104. Glenecho 98.
Delmore OS. Birmingham 98, little Flea 98,
Speed Smith 98. J F X 97. Flavlfny 95. Tur
key Foot 95, Aviston .95. Water Dog 90. Pro
gramme 90. Listless 90. Lone Hand 94.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, maidens —
Oliver Cromwell 110. Norn de Plume 107. Lin
dale 107. Salt and Pepper 107. Myrica 107. Bril
liant 107.. V
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— m.Hubcdleirt. Jacobite,
Slcnap.
Second race— Embarrassmrat, Ath
lone, Just So.
Third race— Monacodor, Zeala, Preen.
Fourth race— Santa Catalina, Alma
Diifour, True Wlnff. "v""! ;-;.-,
Klftli race— Aviston, Listless, Bene
volent. -,
Sixth race — Oliver Cromwell, Llndale,
Norn da Plume.
Weather clear. Track fast.
LATONIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 15. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonla:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Clara Del
OS. Agnes Virginia »S. Picture Hat 101. Fiasco
101, Flying Brock 101. St. Noel 101. Berlnthla
103. Marmont 103, Judge Traynor 104, Mabel
Winn 100, Norel lt«. Henry Ach 10«. Frank
Bell UK!. Saireto Mo 109.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Wakeful 100, Regale IC2. Tartan 103.
Wexfbrd l(Xt. Mamie Algol 103. Judge Saufley
103. Algonquin 104, Labor 104. Sarah Maxim
104 Klnir of the Valley 105. Fonsoluca 105,
Mlw> Rillio 105. Plautus 10tt. Reveille 107.
Third race, five and a half furlongs*— George
A Knight 05, Kingsmere 98, Pete Moore 93.
Don Irent 6S. Wizard King 08. Prince of Pless
103. Horseradish 103. . Yazd 103. Hot Toddy
106 Jimmy Mah«r 106. Dr. Burch 95, Ossian
95, Kearmld 9*.
Fourth race, .steeplechase, snort course,
handicap— Jolo 127, Outshine 127, Ohio Kinjc
132. Onyx II 133. Lights Out 135. Jim Boze
man 137. Sweet Jane 143. .
Fifth race, six lurlonga. purse — Bitter Brown
85, Chief Hayes 88, Orbicular 88, Let* Duffy
93. Calabash 9t5, Jade 97. Dundall 100, Royal
Pearl ICO, Thespian 103, Estrada Palma 111.
John Carroll 120.
Sixth race, one mile, seUlnr— Dida \ Man
100. St. Tammanr ICO, Alllnda 100. Sailor's
Dream 100. Frank Me 100, Dell Leath 100,
RankinKW. Ada N 104, Turrando' 105, Orly
105. Jim ll£'.e 105. Gravlna 105, Jake Green
berg 108. Lord Haven 109.
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
V By the New York Mornln* Telegraph.
. Firnt race— Mabel Winn,' Ag«f» Vir-
Kinln. Snniimo. •
Second race— Wexford, Kins: of the
Valley, Fonsolncn.
Third race— Hot Toddy, Prince -o*
Picas, Yn*d.
Fourth race— Jim Buxenmn. Sweet
Jane, Onyx 11. . \u25a0
Fifth . rnc*— Entrada , I'alma, John
Carroll, Chief Ilny«».
Sixth mcc— Alllndn, St. Tammany,
Jake Grcenbcrs.
Wenthcr clear. Trnck rant.
SCOTT LE AII V LOWERS
i>i, , - OWN SWIMMING RECORD
Olympic Clnb \u25a0 Man l)oe» the Hundred
Ynrds In Great Time of 59 3-5
' \u25a0 Seconds. -
J. Scott Leary; the crack Olympic
Club swimmer, swam 100 yards in the
remrakable time" of 59 3-5 seconds on
Saturday at Healdsburg. This beats
the. Pacific Coast record which the
Olympian made at the Portland fair a
few months ago. Leary lowered the
mark during, a carnival 'In* which a
number: of the local swimmers took
part.
The Norman Conquest.
There has been • a vast dear of rubbish
talked about the need to cultivate an An
glo-Saxon style. The truth is that while
Anglo-Saxon,- supplies' the bulk of the
parts ;of speech "(nouns, adjectives , and
verbs excepted). I the backbone of our lan
guage is not Saxon, »ut French, especial
ly Norman French.— Th/ Academy.
.1 A hairdresser at Lelpslc, Germany,. has
built a two-story {house entirely of cork,
and fitted it up for a shop and baths.
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
TWO PLAYERS
IN THE FINALS
Mnrtlock and Foley Emerge
Victorious on Courts and
Will Meet in Last Match
GKIFFIN DOWN AND OUT
Youngster Puts IJp a Game
Fight Against Veteran,
but Is Finally Beaten
Some exciting tennis was played on the
Golden Gate Park tennis courts yester
day, when play was resumed in the tour
naments for the championship of the
bay counties. At the conclusion of the
day's play two contestants remained in
the singles and four teams in the dou
bles. Percy MurdocJc, the Alameda Coun
ty crack, and Charles Foley of the Goldten
Gate Club won their semi-final matches,
and will come together in the finals next
Sunday.
In the doubles Foley and R. N. Whit
ney won two matches easily, and will play
in the finals. In the lower half but one
match was played.' In it the Baker
brothers defeated Harry Rolfe and Her
bert^chmidt. The winners ; will be op
posea to Gardner »and Dunlap In the sec
ond round. Gayness and Hall won a place
In the semi-finals last Sunday and will
be pitted against the winner of the match
between Gardner and Dunlap and the
Baker brothers.
No surprises were "sprung yesterday,
the matches resulting as expected. The
feature was the match between Percy
Murdock and Clarence Griffin. It was
undoubtedly the best match of the meet.,
and kept the spectators guessing right to
the finish. Griffin was expected to make a
good showing against his older and more
experienced opponent, but he surprised
even his most ardent admirers. The
match' went the full five sets and Mur
dock won by a very narrow margin.
It was a clever exhibition from start
to finish. Young Griflln put up a game
fight ana, although beaten, was by no
means disgraced. In the opening set
Murdock led at 4-2. but Griffin ran out
the set, 6-4. In the second set Murdock
played all around his opponent ajid won
without the loss of a game. The third
set was the longest and closest of the five
and the turning point In the match. Grif
fin on four different occasions needed but
one point to win the set. Murdock, al
though tired out, hung on and finally
won out by a score of 11-9-
The other semi-final match between
Charles Foley and Nell Baker resulted
In a victory for the former In straight
sets. Baker played good tennis, but was
not aggressive enough. The score in
Foley favor was 8-6. 7-5, 7-5.
Only one match of any importance was
played In doubles. The Baker brothers
and Schmidt and Rolfe came together In
the first round and an interesting match
resulted. The brother team was as
steady as usual and took two sets out of
three.
The handicap doubles tournament,
which was started on the California Club
courts several Sundays ago. was com
pleted yesterday. In the semi-finals H.
Long and F. S. Mitchell (owe 15 »-«) beat
H. A- Biddle and C. H. Kuehn. 6-4. 6-3.
The final match went to Long and Mitch
ell by default. M. Long and Carl Gard
ner (owe 15 3-6) qualified for the finals,
but Gardner did not show up. and the
match went by default.
SHERIDAN BREAKS RECORD
AT HURLING THE DISCVS
Famous Irl»h Athlete Increases to 13S
Fr«t 3 Inches at New
York.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Martin J.
Sheridan of the Irish-American Ath
letic Club, all-round champion of
America, beat all records at throwing
the discus to-day, establishing a new
world's record of 133 feet 3 inches.
This throw was made at the games of
the Irish-American Athletic Club at
Celtic Park. Long Island City, and was
witnessed by more than 4600 spectators.
Sheridan beat his best previous record
of 133 feet 11% inches twice, his first
throw being 135 feet 1 Inch, and on hU
third attempt he made the longer dis
tance.
One of the features of the game was
the appearance of J. W. Morton of the
South London Harriers, England's
championship sprinter. He failed to
qualify In the 100 yards handicap from
scratch. There was a special handicap
dash at 120 yards. In which he also
started from scratch, the handicaps be
ing limited to five feet. The British
runner won this event In 12 seconds."
beating Lawson Robertson of the Irish-
American Athletic Club, ta whom he
was conceding three feet, by two
yards.
/55^^ Lvckv
// Ffshprrnm
(_y 1 IJllvl lllvli
. -All Use-
Marqu v ettc WhisKey
The infinite care with which .'
it is distilled; its great age; its
absolute purity and delicious
flavor have made it a universal
\u25a0 t favorite.
Ask for it wherever you go.
j \u25a0 - ______
GXIO.MMES _t ULLRICH
DlstUlers
CHICAGO. ILL.
San Francisco Branch i \u0084 .
- ' \u25a0 8 BEALE ST.
Jfen^uette
WhiskeyJ
1112
HIRED THUGS
RIP BANNERS
Fusion Standards Bearing
the Words "Against the
Grafters" Objects of Attack
ASSArLT OX UXIOX MEX
Painters Working on Signs
Are Vilely .Abused and Pelt
ed \Vitlr Volleys of Stones
• Several -.time* during the two mpet
lng« in the Thirty-second and Thirty
fourth d.l*rricts Saturday uixrhi. Jolin
S. Partridge referred to the thugs or
the presepi administration who xrz
tearing down the fusion banners
throughout* the .city. The same-bands
u-CgrnenteA by idle and, vicious hoodlum
routh*. are. still busy in iheir wanton
d«s!rvction f>f private property and me
polic* appear to be deaf, dumb and
blind while the outrages take place.
The acts of the roughs are such as
union men cannot afford to counte
naJU-e.
v.es;«-r'day njorningy thirty Partridge
banner* were flung to the breeze in
various parts of ihe city and last night
before sundown the thirty fusion «m
bl*-*r.B bearing the significant words,
"Again*! the grafters." hung from
poles aad framework slashed to , r(b
bois*. The banners were as a r#d. rag
to a bu3l in the eyes of the graders.
and as Mr. Partridge* has said, "ihe
\u25a0hoe fits and they wear It.".- ..
A prominent painter of this city, era
ploying union men and paying union
wages, placed thirty. Partri4ge. banners
in the section of the city, bounded by
Ea?i, Ninth. Howard and" Brannan
Streets, under contract w}th the league.
Later- Jn .the afternoon * Brown/ the
painter, visited the places and not a
\u25a0Ig-n was left in place.
In one place the union painters
working -on the signs were insulted
end aisaulted' with mud and stones by
the hoodlums gathered about ,the
workmen. The abus« became so vio
lent that Brown addressed the crowd,
asking for. fair treatment of union
tnen receiving' union wages, '• and . was
met with foul and ab-js s ve' language.
Un« man In the Thirty-third District
rat compelled to ask the campaign
committee to remove the banner, as he
feared violence. Volleys'of stories had
broken hie windows and mud plastered
tl."» entire building. In another dis
trict the committee removed a frame
work after the banner had been cut
away, although the owner begged the
committee to send another banner and
station a man 'to catch the miscreants.
Thf same spirit of disorder is mani
festing itself, in all sections of the city.
Not. alone in tfie districts south of
M:*rk<V street, but in the best sections.
TV.ngonlopds of young loafers are driv
en through the streets and await an
opportunity " when no one is looking,
env»» possibly a policeman, to tear
dowji a fusion banner, that bears the
words, "Against . the grafters." The
official mandate from headquarters
seem* to direct the ruffian element
agMinst banners containing' the galling
T\-«-rtl-5. - In many places the. torn ban
ners will remain as a warning; to San
Fraiwiscans of what may be expected
if ttie grafters should win.
Candidates on the Union Labor party
tifket, headed by Mayor Schmitz, met
AX ih<- Market-street headquarters yes
terday afternoon and spent nearly two
hours planning the work of the party
during the remaining weeks of . the
<-anij>*tK'i- OthT labor leaders were
present and joined in the discussion.
Ka<-li candidate gave his views of the
situation and as the result of the con
ference a definite line, of activity was
decided upon.
Harry I. Mulcreavy. nominee of the
Union Labor party for County Clerk,
was tendered a reception yesterday
afternoon by a large number of his
i»uj>p<ii-te.rs at Eagles- Hall, 731 Market
Ftre^t. Speeches were made by W. R.
Ha gen y, P. H. McCarthy, W. L. Lang
doji and Colonel Thomas. O'Xelll. Tom
J. IMUon was chairman.
BITES MAN ON ETEBRCttV.— Thomas
Murray, shipping agnit. 610 DavU street, .and
KriT»Kt Pastfnp. 'a teamster, "quarreled ; at
XtCfcaba p.iid Davis streets tarly yesterday
morning and Ourlnjr a fight Pa nine bit Murray
on thr l«/t <»#-ebrow. Murray ru taken to
t+LP . Harlxwv Emergency Hospital and Pastlne
«-«« arreru-d by Policeman J. A. Hayes on a
charge of mayhem. ' " "
Get Up
Ih the morning tired, languid,
and frequently witha headache
- that is almost unbearable. You
have been nervous,, restless and
- sleepless; night after night, and
gloomy and 'irritable during
... the day. This nervous; exhaus-'
'- lion affects the heart^lungs and
iother^ organs that depend upon
•; the nerves for motive power.
\u25a0 I Tlten the' stomach fails to di-
gest the food; "the heart "action
is weak, and circulation poor,
and' the kidneys and liver, mr
v. active. ; ' .>V^' : > V^'vi
-What ypu need is not a stom- ;
; ach, head, kidney or, liver me<i-
| icine, but DjvMiles* Nervine' to
'-, soothe- and feed the nerves and
• build nerve tissue.' - ' -.
"My wlfe»wa« subject to severe men-
tal, fit m in. which resulted la ner\'ous
prostration. The frst; symptoms -were
\u25a0~ uncontrollable crj-lng and melancholy
spells, which Increased to such an ex-
tent that for over a year she would
have a spell every day of from four
to Bix hours duration. , She required
the constant attention of her physlc-
. Lan aiul attendants. . She nufferec great
pain a*id ansuioh." The best physicians
atUTjfirn«r h«r could give no relief, and
she finally became almost of unsound
. mind. >s a last resort I ocgran clvingr
) her Dr. Smiles' Nervine, and Tonic, and
notjr«j that her ttpells next day were
not so severe, and. they gradually dis-
appeared alto£*ther. She has had no
' recurrence of the spells, and Is erain-
' mr In health and strength. r • **I
J. P. OVERHOLSEB. Sterling. IIL
Dr. Miles' Nervine Is sold by your
druggist, who will guarantee that the
first bottle will benefit. If It fails, he
will refund your money.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
|=| JUST/ OUT . .
M, I Price ll(t» of Holiday Goods 'in
JTtl *' " <.*hlnete .and -.la ran*** Fancy
T)l. Goods; Tt*rt Art Carlos; Antlqu«
ft- J/\ < 'l> 1 »»*; PUk Emnrolderlfs." Teas,
t'jrrx^^, 1 "''- '- ail or w ' ri t* 'or Ijandrom*
•If^j/J Illustrated Catalogue.
\tnJi FOOKWOH &. CO.
•^Se9s> .. «r Dss^Bt it- . bah rsiircuoo
COW PUTS OUT
THE TOREADOR
"Bossy** Kesents Familiarity
of the Bull Fighter and
He Takes Second Money
WAITS FOB. MaiOTAID
I Animal Enraged Because
Boniilliis Does Xot Make
Xoise Like a Milk Can
A small family cow from Arixona
; made Morris Levy's bullfisrhter, Ro-
m ulus. throw- up the sponge in two
i rounds yesterday.
• Morris Levy. was the only one around
I the grounds who was able to "throw
• the bull." Morris can throw the "bull"
! any time, but the multitude wanted to
\u25a0 sec Koniuius rough th<: cow. They
j were tired of Levy's "bull."
| Three picadors junipeu into "the ring
• Hrst. Ttitt Arizona cow looked ready
jt> be milked. It. was the meekest
j little "bossy" that ever loomed up as
j easy for a bold toreador with a repu
! tatlon inflated by the Levy hot air.
Uui wow. what a surprise for the
| toreador. The little cow charged right
and left and the bullfighters had im
; i-oriani engagements outside the fence.
j Komulus looked at the now. He didn't
I like her looks at all. She felt Insulted.
! She thought sne had been brought
there to do her evening stunt with the
j milkmaid. Instead of that she was as
: sailed by three rude men. Mercyl
Romulus looked as if he wished that
[ he were back in South San Francisco or
] Mexico, or any' place wnere Morris Levy
! could not follow him.
The cow eyed the toreador suspici
ously. If he had made a sound like a
milk can the cow would have been
more ladylike. But Romulus reached
over and threw his arms around the
animal's neck. The cow naturally ob
jected to this familiarity on such
short acquaintance and threw Romulus
into the dirt.
The toreador lay on his back for a
while wondering why the females of
every species wfere so capricious. The
cow slapped him upon. the wrist with
her hoof. Romulus went over the
fence Uke a skyrocket.
"El toro has conquered me," he an
nounced. "1 throw up el sponge to la
cow. Brava !a cow!"
"Three cheers for tiie cow!" yelled
the crowd. "Now let fcer be milked in
peace." .• . .
"You are a four-flusher," shouted Ab
raham Frledlander, oneof Morris Levy's
retainers. You never threw a bull in y«ur
life."
"Caramba," replied the toreador.
"Let Morris Levy throw^ the bull. He
is a great thrower of 'the bulL Si,
Morrid Levy Is le grande toreador."
With language that scorched Levy
and his man Friday the faithful
Friedlander drove poor Romulous Into
making another attempt to upset hi 3
rival. The cow by this time suspected
that Romulus had evil designs upon
her. - She did not .wait "for . the r rattle
of the milk cans.- She was a very in
dignant lady. She poked the toreador
in the region of nis breakfast and hy
quit. ' \u25a0;-
There was some alleged bronco
busting that might furnish food for
thought to the Cruelty to Animals So
ciety. All of the bronks were so
worn out in the roping that they had
only a few staggers left when the
vaqueros mounted them. A wrestling
bout between two unknown tramps
was ;ilso added to the agony.
Even the old greased pig. game was
strung on to help, wear away the aft
ernoon for a disgusted crowd. After
charging through the bullpen the pork
was roped in by one of Morris Levy's
coon retainers. "Even the pig race was
flxed/'-remarked the Butchertown con
tingent. • :V,' '"..-: , >
Komulus stiid. "I have conquered
many bulls, but I must give up now.
I am too old. My strength is gone."
CITIZENS MAKK RBPORTS ,
. . OF: LOSSES TO POLICK
Burglara and .Sneak Thieves Ply Their
Vocation In ' Different Parts
of the City. ' V ;
.Thomas Kate of Tom's Cabin. Fell
and Stanyan streets, reported to the
police yesterday that some one had en
tered by the rear door, which had been
left open on Saturday night, and had
stolen a suit case containing a suit of
underwear, both of the value of $14.
"^ Paul- Ariani, 547 Page street, re
ported that two. boys belonging to the
Hearst Grammar School entered the
basement of his house, which he used
for manufacturing candy, on Saturday
night and stole two slabs of candy va! -
Ued at J7 50.
F. S. Fltzgibbon, who gave his resi
dence as 204 Haigrlit street, reporteu
that during a disturbance in J. Mor
gan's saloon, 12 Eddy street, early yes
terday morning, his gold watcn an'i
fob were taken from his vest pocket.
Mrs.' S. W.. Booth, 41 East Twenty
first street, Oakland, reported that her
gold .watoh, valued at $30. was either
lost or stolen from her on. the main
drive in Golden Gate Park on Saturday
afternoon. . .- i- : • '
. M. L. Lawrence. 77 South Critten
den street,' San Jose, and- James Je
rome, 206. Langdon street, each report
ed'having a bicycle stolen on Satur
day'afternoon, the former, from the
front of 126 Geary street, and the lat
ter from the corner of Taylor and Mar
ket streets. ...
\u0084Mrs. A. -Friend. 807 California street.
.reported, that a sack' coat' and pair of
trousers were • stolen from a room In
her house on Saturday night. //=
T« Joseph jGlason,' 95 Steuart- street, -'re
ported- to r the- police on • Saturday night
that his room had ijeen entered during
his absence and a suit of. clothes ana
a' -valise- containing shlpcjillcer's tools
of the value of $35 stolen. , A : few
hours later Policeman -rSegulne found
James Monroe on Third/ street"^trying
to' dispose of the stoleni tools. Monroe
was -arrested and booked- at, the City
Prison' on . a charge of burglary. Gla
son said he. met -Monroe , 'on' the train
from Los Angeles, .and as Monroe said
he had no money Glason : paid for a
room' for him: adjoining "his own. . ••
Bauer ' Concert To-.\l»ht.
Harold Bauer, the^lstlngulshed pi
anist, will inau'gurate~his Pacific Coast
tour at Lyric Hallto-night. When last
heard her«, two seasons. ago/. this great
artist delighted his audiences; and: he
comes back with ; even' a 'greater repu
tation than before. His . programme
for this evening, is as ifollows:;i follows:; Chro
matic fantasia and fugue. Bach; so
nata, op. 53, BeethoyenJ-.(a), David's
Bundler -Tanze. . op. 6,' Schumann ;."(b)
scherzo.. B minor, Chopin; (a) . im
promptu in G, Schubert;- tb) : etude,' "Le
Vent," Alkan; (c) marche -Hongroise,
Schubert-Liszt. Mr. Bauer will play
again at . the same phalli on ' Thursday
night and • "Saturday*;-; afternoon , and
seats for all the concerts may* be ; ob
tained at Sherman. Clay &'Co.'s. '
FALLS INTO BASEMENT.— WiIIie . Me-
Devltt,: aged S years, stumbled into the base
ment of his ' home \u25a0 at ' 10 Lynch street yester
day.-', lie sustained a deep cut on the chin and*
mnm» mmverm hrUtSCS. " . ' \u25a0
THE': SAN CALLZ MONDAY, OCTOBER .: 16," 1005;
HOW SAN FRANCISCO LOOKS
WITH THE "LID" OFF.
CITY'S GONIDITION IS VILE
Captain of Police
Says Graft Is ;
Rampant
Tells How Tricky
LJUooto VJCllll
The auditorium, of the .Young Men's
Christian Association was packed yes
terday afternoon by members and their
friends, who gathered to hear theY re
marks of Captain \V. J.Petersen of, the
Oakland police- department. Captain
Petersen- through long connection with
.the police department- was able to show
his hearers many of the inner workings
of corrupt- politics and the conditions
of a city in which the lid. is off. as in
San Francisco to-day. '
In the course of his speech Captain
Petersen. said:
. This great city with Its many advantages,
its 'commanding geographical situation and its
intelligent people is bound to Influence the Oc
cident and the Orient; it lias within its power
the opportunities 91 great good or appalling
evil. Upon the men of San Francisco will rest
the responsibility for th« ruture Influence -of
this great city.
The other day a man died In your city. He
had reaped the whirlwind; the red light dis
trict knew him as a prood fellow. He had trod
den the primrose path that means wine, women,
debauchery and disgrace. When- he had dissi
pated all his- energy, 1 sapped his strength,
wasted his money, he wao.nu more made wel
come in the haunts where money Is the, only
agency that opens the way to their pleasures.
When he bad filled -'his last glass with th<;
drug that ended his existence on earth, among
the last words he wrote for those who would
flnd his body was "San . Francisco is the cor
nerstone or hell." To-day the' big cities are
ruling: the nation, and Its does seem that the
greater the population the viler and moni
vicious the . cities become ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 The congestion,
poverty, crime 'and corruption In politics are
problems for conslCeration needing brave, patri
otic. God-fearing men to solve.- -
Police departments are In . close touch with
all the elements that debase and degrade hu
manity, and when, properly governed can do
much to pre\ent crime and elevate morals.
My long experience has taught. me how Inef
fectual is the work of a corrupt politician If
he cannot control the police. With the police
with him he can Intimidate votprs, permit the
work of the grafter and the political rounder,
control the backrooms of saloons and give the
reward of immunity from punishment to those
who- have trained with his political machine for
violation of the law. He can give special priv
ileges to gamblers, pool sellers,? keepers of
houses of 111 fame, thieves- and blacklegs and
can- cause, the blue-coated- guardians of the
peaco to be deaf and dumb \u25a0 and blind as oc
casion • makes it necessary for ..him to pay his
political debts or. to Increase his political pree-
B ' JciTVS WEIGHT OF SIX.
We .read 'of thn fin nna crime of .this city
with passing emotion, bur sometimes ,we are
aroused from . the calm . that our own -security
gives at somo particular- gross violation- of the
laiv, but -the .storm soon- passes./ It Is only
when the keen blade of sorrow strikes our
own heart, when the shadow, of disgrace hovers
over our own home that we are quickened Into
action, that we realize our responsibility; then
we damn the administration -and vote at the
primaries. . • r*j \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0
Do you suppose the saloon hian who re
ceives the bulk of his patrons' wages cares a
rap whether the nearby butcher or grocer gets
his money Saturday night? Will the poolseller
who makes up a sack to go to Sacramento to
pay into the willing hands of some 'of our legis
lators so that the will of the pople be defeated,
care, if the money he Is receiving should be
used to keep the home over the family? "Will
the man who runs the fancy restaurant with
those aulet back rooms, where your-daughter
is filled with liquor and ruined, care, for the
disgrace of your child or the anguish of your
wife? Do any of these easy money tribes care
If our Insane asylums aro filled, 1 our. prisons
and our poorhouses overflowing with the freight
of 'wrecked, diseased, sin ' laden... lives, ' our
morgue the finish of so many tragedies?
So lonsr as money is easy. It matters : ot
to them what "tears and blood are shed to pay
the cost. • Think of .the sacrifices of morals,
the degradation, the' crime, the - misery that
those misguided creatures pay to furnish luxur
ies to corrupt officials to furnish the means to
the briber and- the corruptlonlst. And so long
as the people sit Idly by and permit these con
ditions to continue so lone will -the lid be off
San Francisco,- so, long will -the people pay a
ccstly price- to-.hav* a wide-open- town, so
long, will San Francisco give joy to -the' forces
of Satan and.be the cornerstone of hell.
POWER OF THE POLICE.
' There- ls.no good reason why this city should
not be clea'n/.and It Is in the hands of young
mento mak« It so tt they desire. The U5O
men in the Police Department can, clean up
this town', and make it as wholesome as any
city In Hh# country, t belheve that the great
majority of i the members of the Police Depart
ment are honest men and would, rather \u25a0 per
form honest,, effective duty than not do It, and
I know that If the orders were given, without
a string to- them; that within sixty days they
could ajid would drive • every ', violator of "the
law, every poolseller/- gambler and thief out of
business. But to brine this condition of public
decency to pass, you would need a' Police Com
mission that would say* to the; Chief of Po
lice, captains, lieutenants, sergeants,: corporals
and patrolmen "Do •; your 1 sworn -duty,'- clean
up the tewn or we will, dismiss, you from the
department!" . You would need a* Mayor 'who
•vould say to the Police • Commissioners, "The
Police Department Is- in. 1 ypur- hands. A dis
graceful condition exists hfre; you must see to
it that the Police "Department \u25a0 does >- Its full
duty nnd if. you do not'.lt.wiH be my painful
duty to remove/you from office so that J can
secure men ' t •who will obey •my \u25a0 instructions."
Then above . all these . you need an I awakened
public conscience. -. .-, ...
Common honesty should be the foundation of
our politics and men should not follow the dic
tates of party unless 1 If Is right.' We may dis
agree as to a political doctrine, but we. need
never disagree : when a ' condition ,of affairs
presents Itself that els ruinous;- to the moral
life of the community.". 'Then' we' should lay
aside our partisanship, and \u25a0 all good men • of :
whatever political namo should unite In a com
mon cause for the protection .of ; homes and
firesides, and for -civic decency and honor. >
FAITH IX MAYOR. BLASTED;
Pastor Tells of Great Disappointment
In . SchinltJ?» ' Administration.
. -The : ; commercial, national 'and civic
conditions of San Francisco and of the
nation were the subject of a - sermon
last "night by the "Rey.V James \ H.". N.
"Williams, pastor oft Simpson : Memorial
Episcopal Church, i Concerning Mayor '
Schmitz and .\u25a0 his . administration': Mr. I
Williams said: v . ;\u25a0;. . - ,
The beginning of the Mayor's administration
had encouragement In it; . and •\u25a0 unless when 1
first elected Mayor Schmitz; was a daring- hyp- I
ocrlte he \u25a0 was a different man with , different
Ideas and purDOses from what he !is and . has
at present.?. In February, - ; 1UO2, he delivered
an address before the San ; Francisco Methodist
Preachers' meeting which;; because of Its
•frankness- and sincerity, and : open ' squareness
on moral issues, met With ..their, hearty 'ap
proval. '.. .-. ' \u25a0 . • ' f.' : I
But what a ' change . I These same preachers
who roundly applauded him at that time are
doing their best to-day to prevent his re-elec
tion. Who is responsible, for. this change? Cer-;
tainly not , the preachers; . for j they . have ; -not |
changed-. in ' their attitude toward' the' moral
phases of municipal government. Their,stand
ards have notbaen. lowered.' It. I» . the " Mayor
himself who_ha» fallen from grace. \u25a0He : cer
tainly conveyed the Idea at. that time that his
aim would <be to raise \u25a0 the ', moral tone , of ' tte
city. ' Apply the plumbllne and Judge whether
he has done it. or not. -Does his record show
that he has tried to-do It? Those who ; fain
would flnd it, la il. ;. :-.•,.:- '-"',;
\u25a0 Well . has : Mr.': Partridge said : ';The success
of municipal government "depends on the char
acter 'of , those who "administer : lt."j::. When
therefore an executive' officer/ gathers about 1
him unfit and unworthy^ men 'as hie advisers 1
and confreres he should not again , be •in trust
er: with the,, powers of* office.-. -The -character'
'of a Diibllc official ; is \u25a0 not i to-be .'judsred alone
by his . conduct »• at ; his ; fireside. '1. but ,by 1 th-s
men he ' calls ui>on to ; assist } him * and by the
quality of JUs •admtnlrtratlonjand- by = Its' re
sults. * -These are the ' tests i the - public :' plumb
line makes, and; surely^ the 'Mayor,' fails, under
these test*.-,. »--r^.-ij^r-W-; •'-.'\u25a0.';-..:,•:.;\u25a0 ;
When .the "Mayor announced \u25a0;, his policy * ;be
fore :. the ' Methodist Preachers', meeting ,' it ;. was
so satisfactory In Its "aim that : it -.was reason
ably ,to - be *, expected ' that ', the -baser \u25a0\u25a0 t'lemen ts
of the i city— the -immoral 'agrents;ofrthe*under :
world.- the ' gamblers,"! the i saloon-keepers. * and 1
OAKLAND POLICE CAPTAIN WHO I
LKCTURED AT THE Y. M. C. A.
YESTERDAY. •
all who pander to viee — would flnd in . the
Mayor a strong personal force against them.
The .; police under his direction, with their
well nigh absolute knowledge of the city in the
light of day and under the cover ol \u25a0 alghi.
would hold vice In check'. and 'mut the vicious.
But have we not -liad the very ODPOsIte of
that?- Has it not been openly charged In the
public' prints 'that' the Mayor's name appears
as a guarantor on the lease of the keeper of
a notorious brothel? \u25a0_
.Did not the Mayor about a year ago ac
knowledge himself that "gambling has been
carried on at- an immense profit? That a cor
ruption fund ' termed the. Gamblers' Society
License has been collected, and that the money
has passed through the hands of the men who
were intrusted with- the work' of blackmailing
•the gamblers,- and that "these things -have
long dlssraced the city"? But who sowed
these ' dragons' teeth? Did not Mayor Schmitz
with his own ham! sign the ordinance that
licensed' the gambling plant at Ingleslilf'? • \u25a0
These are fpome of the reasons why the
Mayor is having so : much .support from the
quarters thaX are. not to the credit of any man
.to 'have; : for to "have such support It must bo
earned. These baser " elements have no poli
tics; but they" kntfw thoir friends and stand
by \u25a0: them. -, - = .- \u25a0
PERSONAL.
WV H. Corbett' of Portland, Or., is at
the Palace.
11. R. Hitchcock and wife of Denver are
at the St. Francil. '
Senator J. B. Cur tin of Sonoma is at
the California Hotel. '
Mr. and Mrs."" diaries Brashin of San
Jose are. at -the Palace.
A." L. Levinsky," a -prominent attorney
of Stockton, is at the Palace.
H. D. Mcl>aren of London, who is tour
ing the world, is at the Palace.
J. F. Coonan, a prominent attorney and
politician of Eureka,". Ms atHhe Grand.
Thomas H. Leggot of Chlselhurst, Eng
land, ,with his family, is registered at' the
St. Francis.
\u25a0 Frank H. Curtis and- wife, who- are
well known Bostonians, are registered at
the Stl Francis.
' A. J. Monroe, a -prominent attorney of
Eureka, is here attending the Grand
Lodge of Masons. . • :*(
j Hon. George. W. Hunter, Superior Judge
of Humboldt, is attending . the Grand
Lodge of Masons.
General J. B. ; Lauck, adjutant gen
eral of the State militia, .' and Mrs.
Lauck are at the Occidental. ;,
George S. Edwards, Mayor, of. Santa
Barbara, Cal., accompanied by> his-fam
ily, is' registered .at; the St. Francis. *•'»\u25a0
Paymasters \V. 'jJv'Hlne and : J. /C.
Hilton, U. S. N., are registered at
the Occidental, en route to Mare Island
navy-yard.
Mr. and Mrs, S, Thornton and Mr.
and Mrs. Colin Gabriel, from the Trans
vaal,. who are making a tour of the
world, are at the Occidental.
T. J.Meßobert, chief clerk of the pas
senger- department 6f the Wabash Rail
road, and J. B. Muckle of the same. line,
with' headquarters .in Pittsburgh, Pa., ar
rivecl at the St. Francis yesterday.
D. J. "Foley, receiver of the United
States; land office ; at Eureka, Humboldt
County, arid a prominent Odd Fellow, is
in this city on his return from the Grand
Lodge of Odd Fellow* 'recently held at
San Diego, California.
Open ; for Bualncss.
i We, are makings several _•- alterations. In .our
stored which /are . completei Mnv. .the - picture,
framed artist material^ leather? goods v and 'sta
tionery and J 'customers can be
walted^upoh^wlthout \u25a0' the • Inconveni
ence.- Holiday goods- arriving dally. -Gome and
see ua." Sanborh; ,Vail.& C0.;;741 Market st. •
His . Mluff Docs Xot Work.
-. Frank O'Brien,' who says "he is a- bar
tender, ;"and'"' John Leinln, \u25a0. 533 Howard
street, -, who is. employed: at! the, new
MileVßoc'k f Lighthouse,'- came -.into, the
Hall-, of 'Justice < yesterday: j O'Brien de
manded.'to '-see fa-lpolifcernanv'and " said
that' Leinin " had '• unjustly, /accused" "him
of stealing' his watch and \u25a0 chain. Po
liceman Peshon; happened to; be at iflie
hall rand to him .O'Brfen.and: '^Leinln
told .their . ; stories." Leinin said that
O'Brien met , : him in front '\u25a0 of a saloon
at ' Kcarny street J and .asked" him
to buy a drink.. They, went:: into the
saloon 'and when •" they "came"'o ut O'Brien
stole the' watch 'and chain.'. 'O'Brien
made an -indignant denial, -but Detec
tive >Mulcahy thought It- advisable to
keep O'Brien ,at the "City.; Prison till
Lelriln 'could . swear out a warrant for
his arrest this morning. '\u25a0 '\u25a0-* :\u25a0\u25a0./,.
; When one ; isafflicted '.with rheumatism,
to obtain. relief as speedily as possible ta
the first, consideration intake -Lash's Kid
ney and Liver. Bitters. .v : "-• V •
Youth's Direct or y. Ilnznnr to Close.
The successful \ bazaa rT'given i by.* the
Youth's- Directory f or i the • benefit of ! the
farm 'for .homeless -boys' at ißuitherford
wiJl close Thursday^nigTit. of .this (week. 1
Wednesday and .Thursday, evenings mill
be. given to the /distribution; of .- prizes,
and^thei proceeds; of j. the ifairi will ;:go
.to 'c reduce the f; $65,000 ," indebtedness} on
.the farm." : : Announcement" was ; made', in
air the Catholic ; churches ,\ yesterday Cof
a 1 lecture /by Bourke ;' Cockran; on L ' Ocr
tober" 21' for the benefit^ of the r farm
fund.' - . "•\u25a0. i' v ; 1 •\u25a0•.•\u25a0'\u25a0
'-.:.: Cash paid for all : ;\u25a0\u25a0• kinds* of J cigar"
checks,'", coupon's "and' tobacco- tags; at
Weiner'a Call Bldg. \u25a0{Cigar ', Stand. ,>.•.?•
GIRLS ACCUSED
OF BURGLARY
Break Into Eesidence of As?
semblyniaii Thomas E. At
kinson, 1029 Shraiier Street
PISCAED OWN CLICHES
Array TJiemselves in Daugh
ter's Expensive Garments
arid Steal Valuable Doll
Assemblyman Thomas E. Atkinson was
startled on Saturday afternoon on return
ing to his -home at 10C9 Shrader street to
flnd that it had been entered by burglars
during his absence; He notified the Gold
en Gate park station and. Detectives Gor
ham and Shea hurried to the residence..
The officers found that entrance had
been effected by cuftlng the wire screen
and breaking the glass of the. rear win
dow. A thorough search had been made
for plunder, but .although there was a
quantity of silverware in the dining room
and jewelry in the bedrooms neither was
touched. The strange , feature of the bur
glary was that nutiiing was taken except
clothing and trinkets belonging to At
kinson's daughter and a doll valued at
$15 and the doll's carriage.
A further search; disclosed the cast off
clothing of two "girls which had been
thrown into a closet. This led to the be-;
llcf that these two girls, whoever they
were, had broken Into the house and ar-'
rayed themselves In ! the expensive ' gar
ments belonging to Miss Atkinson after
discarding their own. . :
Suspicion fell upon two girls named Jor
dan, whose, mother lives in the neighbor
hood. Their father was a fireman, but de
serted his., wife some years ago and was
last heard* of in the Klondike. One" of the
sons has been in trouble several times.
A visit was paid . to the mother's house
by the officers and part of the stolen
clothing was recovered. Yesterday every
thing was brought back. No action
\u25a0will be taken:, against the young girls.
He insisted that the mother should be
arrested, but the police pointed out to him
that there was nothing against her.
GIVES WIFE BEATER
TASTE OF OWN GAME
Edward D uggan Thoroughly
Thrashes George JKodgerd,
v •aDruninier.
Wife, beating in a public place proved
a disastrous undertaking, for George H.
Rodgers, a drummer who resides at the
Hotel Higgins. Last night when he
let fly a left hook which, landed on his
wife's, left eye while they- were stand
ing at the corner of Post street and
Gnint avenue, Edward Duggan, who
happened to be passing, gave Rodgers
a taste of his own game. - Just what he
did to tue drummer is told in detail
on the register at- the Central Emer
gency Hospital.
,: Duggan, who lives on. Verona street,
showed an excellent knowledge of Lon
dori, pj^ize-ring rules,: for early: in the
fray lie liad the drummer rolling^ in the
gutter. Not content with this, hV tried
to make a sweeping machine out of
Rodgers. While the fight was at its
height and the crowd was enjoying* it
immensely the. ambulance and the. po
lice'were on their way to the scene.
Rodgers was -taken to the \u25a0 hospital,
where Dr. Herzog treated him, and as
he fully realized that he deserved the
beating he. refused . to;prosecutt» Dug
gan, who was allowed >to go. ,
.Hart ! by Scbmltx ; Button.
The Murphy button, well known In
surgory, has a companion Just discov
ered by. A. Glover, assistant surgeon of
tho Emergency Hospital staff, in this
city. The discovery was made at* the
Central Hospital at. the City Hall yes
terday forenoon, when August Sandow,
of 251 Octavia street, walked into the
hospital, leading his six-year-old son
August and demanding the attention of
the surgeon. On being, interrogated as
to his trouble^ he said his son's lips
had been closed by a Schmitz button.
The removal of a 'bandage which Mrs.
Sandow had carefully, tied over her off
springes mouth revealed the truth, for
in plain view/ was a big red - button
with photo of the man who expects to
be his own successor. Tlie button, af
ter, being placed in the mouth of. the
young Schmitz advocate, - worked ij its
way down between the .lower "jaw teeth
and forced the pin- through the outer
surface in such a way as to baffle the
ingenuity, of .the. child's parents to ex
tract it. So deep. was it imbedded that
Dr. Glover had to cut it out "of, the skin.
Shot Himself Tbrongh the Head.
John ' Pa'hl, 'a stableman, formerly of
149 Ninth street, sent a 44-caliber. Eng
lish bulldog bullet through his head in
a blind alley j known as Manning place
yesterday afternoon. No cause was
made known, other . than \ that '.he had
been out of employment for some. time
and been a free patron of a saloon in
the- neighborhood. In response to the
telephone the ambulance ' with Dr.
Herzog in attendance responded to the
message and had. the. injured and dying
man removed to -the hospital," where he
died shortly after 'being placed oh the
table. • • \u25a0 - • :.\
Dr. Hownrd Cameron,
Eye., ear, nose, throat »peclallst. has returned.
OfHc« at 213 Stockton st.. Dana building.' 1 •
Charged With Serious Offense.
William E. Delaplaine, : lately a
roomer.at the lodging house. of August
Feterleln, 17 > Fourth street. was
charged/by Officer, Clancy at the South
ern police 'station yesterday with a
very serious offense at the instigation
of Mrs. Feterlein. >She" suspected that
the man has assaulted her, six-year-old
girl. The child, on being closely ques
tioned by. her mother,; . told certain
things which Implicated Delaplaine and
which were verified .when the child un
derwent an examination at the Central
Emergency Hospital. . . vT.^i
Burglar" ln Caught.
The rooming-house over D. Far
rullo's saloon at 2061. San Jose^avenue
was entered: by a burglar ; yesterday
afternoon and $12 50 taken. , 'A man
who gives his name as William Giff en
was seen leaving the place shortly
after -the loss was discovered.. Cor
poral Martin", Lyons of the ' Mission sta
tion f gave, chase to the" fellow, and jcap
tured him' after a long run. Glffen was
booked;; at- the Mission- station on ; a
charge of, burglary. : .
Fatal : Fall ' From . Car.
Charles Passeraro,'' an Italian laborer,
fellt from - a Kentucky-street* car, yes-
' terday afternoon - near ..Eighth street
and . Railroad /avenue/ , lThe : car „. was
traveling at a high' rate of .speed at the
'time ; and? Passeraro*: struck 'on"; the^back
of •- I.ls ''• head. ' His ? skull ~. was-, crushed.
The' iJ unfortunate \u25a0' man .was , hurried to
the Central -Emergency .Hospital.*: where
he dledlast night. _\u25a0_, :
'\u25a0 : Harnett'H Kx tract : of Vanilla " has
taken • gold ; medals ; over ; all ' other brands. " •' s
GOODS — California Chestnuts, Cartons Cluster
Raisins, Seeded Raisins, Cranberries, Sweet Pickled Figs-
(Specials for Monday-Tuesday-Wednesday
Tea-^Afl navors.. per Ib. .40 PickleS-r-Gherkjiu and Mixed . . . .pt .30
- re S 'rysocperlb..... 2 lbs. .75 Pin Money, rcg!>' 4oc
' Bee Brand Ceylon not Included Gelatine— Cox's, large sfee \C$
Coffee^Kona, regly 25c Ib .20 Imported. ;egly 15c few
«---,£, , _ \u25a0 :. . . lO i Chonde Lime— reg'ly 20c b0t... .15
Wacaroni— -La Favorita pkg. .12$ M«*»lr« M l «is V\t Q5
. SpaghetU- Vermicelli -Letter, and Mackerel .............. 5 Ib. Wt .«&
Numbera, regly 15c Ib. pkg. Norway Tuh. Reg ly $M 0
Beans— Clear Lake «« 1 21 Chocolate— Unsweetened ...... .32!
DBanS Clear UKe . ... can .1 Wa , t<r Baker - $ Tt^ 40c fc
Pn New rvc^ y A / *?S Frankfurters-regiy2oc...:..ib. .15
Com-N Y.SUte.Arc,de...... 10 S auerkraut-reg. 4 lbs. 25c . .5 Ibs^ .25
Qn F '" c Vl^ ?? C Ca " " ' , '?S CraClcerS-Water. regly 30c Ib. 25
SOUPS— Pranco-Amerlcan . . . s . %pt .1 0 G> H . Benfs Original
> Best soiips made pints, 3 for .50 Wafers— Nabisco can .25
: reg'ly 10c- !2^c-2Oc-35c . quart .30 All flavors, rcg'ly 30c I
MolaSSeS— Old fashioned... «al. can .55 Hamamelis — Witch Hazel Extract t
' reg'ly 75c ; iPt.l5i P t.15 pint .25 tfi. .40 T
Crackers— Cheese, reg. 35c 2 Ib. tin .30 Vinegar— Oder, reg1y 35c. . . . . gat. .25
Sardines — rFrench, plain ...can .15 CheB38 — Edam, large she 95
Ispa, Js, reg'ly 20c • Direct from Holland. rcg'ly $1.25
. " mwuu^w HOUSEHOLD ~_i
Scrub BrUSh-rregly 25c 15 Pail — Fibre, regly 40e
Bristle, with, hlndle r- v/.*v Durable, will not leak
MOD — Cotton, rtg'ly 40c 30 Mop Handle— reg'ly 30c .20
11 wmiw LIQUORS mmm*iM>
Whiskey— old Mellow Rye .75 Whiskey— Scouh d.cl bot .85
n reg'ly $ 1 .00 bof>. 3 bots. 2,00 Highland Club, reg'ly $1.00
reg'ly $4.00 gallon ......... .gallon 3.00 Amer PJCOn quart 1 .00.
Cocktails— Early and Often .75 ': reg'ly $1.25— 65 c pint ,50
;> Six kinds, ready to u«e, reg. $1.00 bot. I/..---! v \u0084 . \u25a0£\u25a0'& 1 c
Claret-reg'1y50cg«M0»... ...... .40 KUmmel-Mampe. trial she .15
A pure Zlnfandel wine reg ly 25c-sl.lO quart .95
RieBlinfl— Golden . . . „ . . . dot pt.. 2.00 Bitters— Angostura, reg'ly 80c. bot. .70
Ginger Ale— Belfast 1 .35 Curacao— white pint stone jug .75
- Cochran & Co., rcg'ly $1.50 doz. Marie, Brizard & Roger's, reg'ly 90c
FRACTURES HIS SKULL - '" -
. BY'.FALLIJfO DOWNSTAIRS
Body of 1.. R. Kelly-Found In the Baie.
. ment'of Pioneer. Hall on Steven- ,
son Street.
.. .. The ; body of L. R. ? Kelly, a member
of the Associated Union of Steam
Shovel. and Dredge Men, was found by
a newsboy yesterday morning shortly
after 8 o'clock lying at the foot, of the
stairs leading to tho. basement ~6f the
Pioneer Hall on Stevenson, street, near
Fourth. The boy -notified Policeman J.
A.- Ryan and the.body was taken to
the Morgue by Deputy Coroner Mee
hari. Death from fracture- of the skull
had occurred some hours before the
body was- discovered.
'. The* Identity of the body f was made
known by a union card found in the
pockets. Two men called at the Morgue
later and verified the identification.
They said that Kelly's mother and
brother- lived in Oaklaiid, but they did
not know the address. ;
Detective Sllvey was .detailed on the
case and is satisfied that death was
due to an accident. Kelly was seen
Intoxicated in a saloon on Market
street about midnight 'by A. D. Porter,
elevator inspector for, the Board of
Public "Works. It Is supposed that he
wandered Into Stevenson street. and fell
down j the . stairs leading .to the base
ment of the halL •' -. ;;
Professor Stephens* Lectures.
..The- first lecture in this winter's
course of university extension lectures
which Professor 11. Morse. Stephens will
deliver for the Mechanics' Institute will
be given at Golden Gate Hall to-night.
The subject of the lecture will be "The
Period and the Characteristics of the
Enlightened Despotism in Europe dur
ing the Eighteenth Century; Adminis
trative Reform; the Despots and their
Ministers."
SONS OF BENJAMIN DANCE.— Tfa» Bon»
and Daughters of Benjamin enjoyed them
selves to their hearts- content in Lyric Hail
last, night in. a masquerade ball. The . large
hall was overcrowded from 9 o'clock " until
after midnight by scores of youdg and old.
SPECIALS
Children's Coats
A Sweeping Clearance Sale at Greatly Reduced Prices
48 SHORT JACKETS AT $1.75
26 fULL LENGTH COATS AT $3.50
26 FULL LENGTH COATS AT $5.00 A
'f^j These prices wouldn't buy the cloth alone— to say nothing of
'the cost of trimmings, linings and making. Ages, 4. 6, 8 and io
; «3r'ears. Good- line .of colors. Just the thing for your little girls to
Avear.to school and play in. Come as early as you can — those who
'j get here firsts will have the best selection.
Ladies 9 Suits i Velour Coats
Of Cloth and Silk : Reduced To-Day to •
$23 75 $ 10.00
"The newest Long Coat, Eton. ' Odd . lots of rich .and beautiful
\u25a0Half-length Jacket and Blouse ef- garments-^-just eighteen of them
fects. Latest Ideas in skirts. altogether.
See them — it will be to our mv- •'.: You. save almost as much as we
• tual profit. • ask for. the coats.
Cf TIT* C $5— 56.50— 58-$9.50
OV/1 1 \3 $11— 512.50-$l5-$17.50
'•"••\u25a0'\u25a0 .-- ; . This is a cleah-up;sale of small lo*ts of Ladies' Stylish' Suits at small
, prices— the smaller, the- lot the smaller the price. You never saw such
: bargains. ; \ . "
' i I >^^^^"v" u -v f 1 .Jk WmL \mW to »ir 4& l^P 1 11 Vl Iw \ \I I i^vVJ
CRUISER FALKITS SURGEOX
CAUGHT BY POLICEMAN
Guest* of Dr. E. Stelxner Are Nabbed
After Lonar Chase for Breaking
Speed . Ordinance.
Yesterday in Golden Gate Park wa*j
a busy day for the mounted police"
who were compelled to be on the alert
0.v.-Jng to the infractions of the ordi
nance by some of the many automo
blllsts. Four victims were caught in the
official clutches and obliged to take a
policeman in their machines to the
Hall of Justice In order to be bailed
out.
The most exciting chase of the day
was that of Patrolman E. J. McKevitt,
who was mounted on a motor cycle and
discovered that an auto was exceeding
the speed limit. McKevitt called upon
the occupants to stop, and the result
was an increase of the auto's speed.
McKevitt turned his motor to, the last
notch - and after a chase captured the
lawbreakers. The victims turned out
to be Dr. E.-9telzner, owner of the ma
chine, and his guests, the chief surgeon
of the German cruiser Falke and two
lady friends.
The day was ideal in the park, and
thousands visited the playgrounds,
bandstand and places of Interest. Other
thousands thronged the Chutes, but the
high wind at the~beach rendered loung
ing a discomfort and few remained
more than a few minutes., >% 'v .
Peddlers Indulge In Fight.
Robert Fulloa and Joseph "• Tobin.
peddlers, who room In an old shack
at ISI Thirteenth street, after indulg
ing- In a boisterous time In which sev
eral cans of brown amber-colored
steam liquid disappeared, wound up
the day's fun yesterday by indulging
In a mix-up in which it Is aaid Tobln^
knocked Fullon down with a blunt in
strument. He left a four-Inch furrow
as a mark of his good aim. The wound
was sewed up at the City and County
Hospital, after which Fullon was
charged with drunkenness and Tobin's
name was placed on the detinue book
pending the result of the blow.