•r»E WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight, July 7:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Friday; warm in the forenoon, cooler
in the afternoon and night; light north
winds, changing to brisk westerly.
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster. .
VOLUME XCVIIT— NO. 37.
WA R SEC RET A RY TAFT TELLS OF THE GRE A T WORK
THAT IS BEING DONE IN THE PHILIPPINES.
Sat/a $ohn Jfay 71/aa Sreatest of 'Diplomats.
iiffHE President of the United States." I cannot speak a single word
<*- in response zi-ithout first mentioning the name of his closest friend,
John Hay. * * * Hay in his long life had the acquaintance of the
great men of this country, beginning with Abraham Lincoln. * * *
He was the greatest diplomatist.
SOME OF THE DISTINGUISHED SPEAKERS AT THE BANQUET* GIVEN BY THE COMMERCIAL BODIES TO SECRETARY TAFT.
Distinguished Guests Entertained at a Banquet l Given by Commercial Organizations of San Francisco
. • '. \u25a0 vA\V <\u25a0'\u25a0:-'\u25a0* . - '. : . : : \u25a0'. ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 I \u2666
The banquet tendered to Secretary
Taft last night by the commercial or
ganizations of San Francisco was a suc
cess In every particular The great
American room of the Palace Hotel was
packed to its utmost capacity. Three
hundred and seventy-six guests sat down
to the repast, among them being rep
resentatives of the leading interests of
the Pacific Coast.
The great room had been splendidly
decorated for the occasion. All the i
t^.uorways were draped with American
flags, and suspended over the main en
trance was a picture of the guest of
honor. About the Bide walls were j
masses of tall ferns, while the ceiling j
was garlanded with evergreens. . The
tables were all decorated with pink
roses And lilies.
A fine band played national airs, and
vocal music was supplied by a chorus
of male voices.
Chairman Sbarboro
Says Government Is
in Competent Hands
A. Sbarboro acted as chairman and
made a short talk, speaking as follows:
"Members of the Commercial Bodies
of San Francisco. Honorable Guests,
His Excellency the Governor. Fellow-
Citizens: We have met at the festal
board this evening for purpose of
gri\-ing a hearty greeting to the Hon.
William H. Taft, Secretary of War, and
to the distinguished Government rep
resentatives who will accompany him
to the Orient.
"This is the first time in the history
of San Francisco that we have been
honored by such a large body of prom
inent Government officials at any one
time.
"In the hands of these gentlemen
has partly been for some time and Is
likely for a long time to remain the
destiny of our great country. We con
gratulate ourselves that our future is
in pood hands and that the ship of
etate will be sailed by these gentle
men, led by their captain at Washing
ton, to the ports of safety and pros
perity.
"Many of you gentlemen have per
haps not yet inspected California, and
consequently you do not know that we
hare here a State which; will in the
near future maintain in happiness and
prosperity more people than any other
State in the Union.
"I will therefore call on his Excel
lency George C. Pardee. our esteemed
The San Francisco Call.
Country's Affairs Are Ably Discussed by Men of National Reputation
Governor, to speak to you about "The
State of California." t
Governor Par dee
Arouses Applause
by Brilliant Talk
When Governor Pardee arose to speak
be was received with tremendous
cheers. He said In part:
"I am called upon to speak on 'The
State of California.' I cannot ' imagine a
greater subject to talk on, and I know I
have no prowess of eloquence to do jus
tice to It. In the first place, in behalf,
of the people of this State, I extend
greetings to the Secretary and to the
other members of his party. We are
glad to have you with us. If I remem
ber correctly some one has said, 'See
Naples and die'; now I want to say this,
that any one who comes to this State—
who goes about and sees the green
trees, the fertile valleys, the wealth of
orange groves, the vineyards filled with
luscious grapes, the fig trees and the
fruits that are native to almost every
clime, that visitor will say, and he will
say it with a loud, strong voice: 'See
California and live!' (Great' cheering.)
"Many explorers of note passed up
and down our favored land, but it re
mained for. that bold pioneer, John
Marshall, to discover the great sold
fields that brought our beloved . State
first Into prominence before the world.
It was this first great gold discovery
that brought Into this State men of
great intellects, men of massive, strong
characters, whose principles : and • bril
liant minds were the foundations' of
making: this State what' it ; is - to-day.
Gold, however, is 'not our. only wealth
to-day. Our wealth to-day* lies in the
fact that in this State we have 1.750,000
happy and- contented people, who :iove
the State, who love the Union, who lov«
the stars and stripes, and in the name
of these people I bid . you all welcome
here to-night.
"The. people of this State are proud
of -the peaceful attitude of the United
States, under whose flag tbeyare so
happy and united. .
"And now, Mr. Secretary, you, who
come here to represent the - foremost
man of the world, President Roosevelt
(tremendous, cheering); • I again say,, we
are happy to have ; you in ; our State. We
hall you and we greets you.; We /wish'
you, a safe trip to .the lands to which
you . are - bound and we wish you a ' saf o
return." (§13323 -
. SAN FRANCISCO,:; FRIDAY, JULY, 7, ; 1905;
Squal fflatea to jth * on v SPanama SAfaitroad.
THE canal lias a railroaa l. by its side. We have obtained entire control.
* * * w e propose to charge, an equal rate for the carrying of
goods across the isthmus! * * * // upon the completion of the canal
California loses any commerce she must turn to the Government 'for help
Visitors Warmly Welcomed by Business Men
Frank . J. Symmes, president of the
Merchants' Association of San Fran
cisco,"- followed. . He spoke at I length
upon the interests of the Pacific
Coast and his remarks were inter
rupted with applause. In closing Mr.
Symmes said, referring to the guest of
the evening: .
"We have. the right man In the right
place. He Is a man who stands for
uprighteousness, no matter In what
character, from' what country or what
sex."
Judge W. W. , Morrow was the 'next
speaker. He announced at the start of
his . remarks that he was supposed to
make a speech of welcome. He said
that . the Secretary had already ;. been
welcomed by the Governor of, the State
to the State and he didn't know exact?
ly what Welcome he was expected to
tend^to him.: ' • \
"It might bo possible," he added,
"that I am to welcome the Secretary
and his party to the court of appeals."
He. praised the 'work of Secretary,
Taft and said he 'was an important fao
tor in the . Federal jugiciary. He said
he considered Secretary Taft the ablest
man ' that could- have been, sent ito the
Philippines to act as its Governor.
At the conclusion of Judge Morrow's
speech Chairman Sbarboro called upon
Secretary Taft to respond to the toast,
"The President of the United States."
This i was the signal for - a great out
burst of : applause, .:; everybody rising
and cheering for several minutes.
Important Matters \\
Are Touched Upon,
by Secretary Taft
Secretary Taft ; spoke as ': follows:
VMr. Chairman, Governor Pardee and
Gentlemen of the Commercial ' Organiza
tions ,of San" Francisco and .the ; State/of
California: You wouldthink me: wanting
certainly In - heart and soul ; If » I did ? not
attempt to, tell you appreciation of
the greeting which • you .; have . given inc. :
While : to me was assigned ;the^ toast "The
President- of ithe^Unlted- States,': I , cannot
speak: a single ' sentence In response with
out first mentioning the name of his clos
est ; friend.T John 1 Hay,'; who \u25a0 has v just 5 de^
parted this '% llf e.'>; Hay." was ,j a y man of
charming personality; he was a man who
in his long life had the acquaintance . of
the great men of this country, beginning
with Abraham Lincoln. And his opinions
on important questions are memories that
those who - were associated with , him I at
the Cabinet table can look back upon. He
was a man of the finest literary sense, a
poet a historian, and, above all, the
greatest diplomatist . From the standpoint
of diplomacy alone, perhaps, the greatest
this country has ever « seen.;: A man .of
singular faculty, for seizing the psycholog
ical moment when, by a'masterful stroke,
he could lead the nations of the earth into
a self-denying agreement that made for
righteousness and peace; < . \u25a0
"And now It devolves. upon me in this
great sorrow of ours to i respond to * the
toast of 'The President* .In his great loss
the President turns to another man,- Ellhu
Root of New<York, a man under whom' It
has been my great ; pleasure ' to serve as
subordinate. Know that in him >•; have
one of the greatest constructive states
men. Happy the country, • happy the
President, who, having lost a Hay, can
turn to a Root
Praises Roosevelt
"And now, The President of the United
States.' I wlßh* you could know him as I
do. 2 And why I should I wish that? For
you do know him : as I do. There is not
anybody in this: United? States that does
not ' know " Theodore ; Roosevelt yHe has
I not V one \u25a0\u25a0: atom* of ; conceit,V;he T .weafs I his
heart onV his; sleeve, hHe cannot
even keep ; a state . t seoret%: ! but
must confide" £It to •,-. j the \u25a0, people
the - next (lay. . , Earnest in r his ;\u25a0 high pur
pose, '• strenuous In :hls' actlQ.ns, 'v having
the , highest ? attainable ideals, - and ; know
ing no ; 'tired feeling*;, in his ' ambition to
make and; keep this country the greatest
on the earth.* Certainly .we can congratu
late ourselves In having such a* chief mag
lstrate." '.\u25a0\u25a0 '.'\u25a0.;', •'•-'/ '.•'/-"\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 . '•' ;".\u25a0\u25a0•-"' \u25a0 :V
"I' need not refer to the; fact: that
the country gave him' the greatest Ma
jority k possibleT-the •: greatest V. majority
in V hlstoryi of J eleotlons. \u25a0 The , truth? is
that Iby his? benign r? influence f we : are
living. in an' era \ of '-, political;'goo*d:feel
ing — an , era that -^visits rat nation :j only^
once' in ' each; century. I: hope J that;, it
may 'be \ prolonged, f orj It J was < during
this 'era that, this: Philippine 'delegation'
was Torganized. ;r; r - It does , not \ mean that
"we thave" lostf our) opinlons.Tand^do •; not
differ fromVeachj: other* In: the -t-'wayj of
solving. the problems,' but It "means that
there are enough' members, of the House
of Renresentatlves on both sides of the
political line, and enough . members • of
the Senate on both sides of the political
line, \u25a0\u25a0 who are so interested'in the ques
tion .'and so desirioua of -knowing the
facts that they devote three months of
their valuable time in investigating
these facts. - - : -~'i
"It Is all right to talk about . a
•junket'— lt is , all right to ! talk about
a pleasure. trip, but when you make an
engagement to take more than a fourth
of a year out of your busy lives to,de
vote to public service, I think you will
reach the conclusion that It bears some
other name than junket , -. /:'
Philippine Question.
\u25a0 "We are going out to see If we can
not ; more deeply, probe the matters and
obligations \u25a0 that we i have . taken upon
ourselves in \u25a0 those distant islands.
Proximity has much to do with legisla
tion- and supervision. Those things
nearest us are the things we look after,
those ; things that are absent are \u25a0 the
things. that are always wrong. So that
when we overcome distance, we have
done something to bring about justice.
; "It is, perhaps, hardly proper under a
toast to the President for me . to refer
to the Philippine question. And yet it is
his . responsibility, he ;* Is practically its
sponsor, . and I guess we can make a few
remarks*' on , the Philippine question ) rela
tive to : a \u25a0 toast ; of ; the President »
"The problem in ; the i Philippines ': la *. the
problem •of '\u25a0 making . the people, whom we
are ; to govern In those > islands ' for their
benefit believe that we are sincere .when
,we tell them* that we are there ;for^ their
benefit. ; and % make . them '\u25a0 patient while
we ' are - instructing \ them \in self-govern-.
ment>: i You "cannot ' make ? them * patient
unless- you » convince ' them - of your ,'good
intentions.*-; Unless : you - have ; confidence
in ' your ? ability \to successfully! carry - out
your ] intentions > you '} cannot make fthem
patient v No ; man can * play any^ part '.who
does * not ; love i the : ; Philippine s people ; *no
man ; can -4 play •' any ; part *. who N does ! not
believe In 3 their" future and ; that . theyi are
capable ,of : self-government \u25a0;.
*\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0* "I 'am told, that, there are quite ay num
ber "£of ? Filipinos' who- are in t favoriof
absolute Independence; at s once,' and- 1 ? am
' confronted : with -i th c V repeated \ question, 7
'Shall^we -grant 'them -Independence v at
once $or are \ we ; right to ; show i them that'
they] cannot be | made j fit for Independence'
at ; -i once?' | i They I are^J not < yet i ready . * for
independence \ and Clf 1 they ' talk : of ; Inde
pendence at the • present -time It Is mere
' 7/fuat Sain Confidence of the J*ilipinos.
THE problem in the Philippines is to make the pc ople.whtm we care to
govern in those islands for their benefit believe that we are sincere.
* * * and make them patient while we are instructing them in self-gov
ernment. You cannot make, them patient unless you convince them of
wind. I am certain there will doubtless
come a solution of the problem."
Schools Jire Growing.
"Discouraging reports come : from the
islands. In one place ladrones have
broken ; out and have been suppressed,
in another a public meeting .denouncing
the Government, or It may bea lack of
prosperity, or the people, as^was * the
case a - short time ago, are , threatened
with starvation. /All these are the ob
stacles In our way and if .we are to be
discouraged we might as well ' go out of
the government-making business.
"No Government can be made in two,
three, five or a decade of years. It
takes-time; to fit and educate a'people.
but there Is one thing in respect to the
Philippines that you cannot emphasise
too muoh: statist ioal foots. We are
organising a school system In the Phil
ippines and trylnar to teaoh them
English. We were told that ft would
be necessary to use force. We did not
We even did not have a chance. We
opened schools and taught 100,000 pu
pils nothing but English. The next
year : there were 160.000 pupils In at
tendance, while last year in August we
had 362,000 pupils reading, writing and
reciting English In the schools, and
this . year : at - the close lof the . school
year In less than seven months .we will
have Increased : that number to 531,000.
I do not care, what so-called leaders
of 'Filipino talk' may say, ' those facts
show: the pains the people who have
children In those Islands are taking
to have their children , educated In
English.' It shows the appreciation of
those people and their determination
that their children shall be educated In
such a way as to v know " the responsi
bility .; of Government
"Our • funds are : limited, our • school
houses are not large. No one who has
read colonial ' history of i the ; world can
fall ito'\u25a0 be - proud of ;onr ! English \ breth
ren for. the wonders they have wrought
in -" colonial -\u25a0 Government, ' but * those
making: comparisons must -look to
facts, and the facts in 'the; criticism of
our.; policy ' our English brethren : over
look.--:- i-l'i ; - \u25a0":-\u25a0 •• \u25a0 - \u25a0:
Popu lar Assembly.
." "An entirely different problem faces us
In the Philippines' from; the one England
faced at' Singapore.-' We have : seven mil
lions of Christian people. who" have gained
thelr)« rudimentary:* Ideas A from I * Europe,"
whereas the English faced Malay Moham
medans., The ; Spanlard-^even ha la en
titled •to the credit \u25a0\u25a0 of \u25a0 having begun the
THE THEATERS. *J
ATXTAZAK— "Vp Tor* State/*
CALIFORNIA— "Zaza.'; ! "-"
CENTRAL. — "Cliattanoora."
CHUTES — Vaudeville. Matinee.
COLUMBIA — "Rmjon't roily."
GRAND — "Tb« Belle of Richmond"
MAJESTIC — "Secret Service."
ORFHEUH — Vaudeville.
TTVOLI — Comic Opera.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
solution of , a problem that England.
France or Germany have- never attempt
ed to solve. Therefore, ••through th«
friars, we have presented , to us a ma
terial upon which It. la possible for us to
work by teaching -, them English, founded
upon their already gained Institutions and
Ideals of Christianity.
"We must expect to meet discourage
ments. Self-government Is something
that will take us a long time to hammer
out. A year from next spring they are
going to have a popular assembly In th»
islands. There will be not less than fifty
or more than one hundred members at
tending, men having special qualifica
tions, chosen by municipal* electors and
speaking Spanish or English. That first
assembly will be very curious In ths leg
islation Introduced, for they have an Idea
that everything under heaven can be ac
complished by legislation and the number
of bills introduced to change conditions
In * social and political life '\u25a0 will ' be con
fusing, but when an* member shall s«e>
the- absurd ty of the proposition of an
other, you have " r begun the road leading
to common \u25a0 sense, >or * in ' other words you
have a school In which they must learn
the problems of government- They must
learn that self-government Is not obtained
by sitting down and writing out theories.
"There are many things needing lmms
filato attention, The friars' land Question
is not settled yet The title to thre«
pieces seems to b« doubtful, so w* hava
withheld half the money pending Inves
tigation. - Another • question \u25a0is whether
the Filipino .constabulary are guilty . of
abuses in chasing the ladrones and tor
turing native witnesses to i gain confes
sions so as to obtain convictions of the
ladrones. A question as to the rightful
possession of title of the Roman Catho
lic churches occupied by ' Roman Catho
lic priests before the : change and since
occupied by so-called Independent Roman
Catholic churches, pressing the question
of right of possession and right of prop
erty. - The church, according to the pres
ent owners.' belongs to the people by vots.
It is a question that must be settled by
special tribunal.
Justice to Chinese
"Another question •\u25a0. la -.. the > railroads.
Congress has authorized the^ Philippine*
Government to Issue $1,200,000 bonds, not
exceeding: 4 per cent,' to assist In the con
struction of railroads. "We have pre
pared specifications for bids for the fran
chises so that we can obtain the most
beneficial terms. '. .: There ' will be some
thousand* of miles of railroad construct
ed. The Islands .will blossom and trade
will be largely Increased. The , question
of the tariff will be discussed later -this
evening, but the theory of the Govern
ment Is that the change in the tariff con
templated will not affect unjustly any In
terests of the country. The change will
be slight In affecting the Interests of the
United States and will greatly benefit the
Philippines.
Cont inned oa Pmare S, ' Coliuma It2
THEODOSIA BEING BOMBARDED BY
THE KN I AZ POTEM KIN E
Battleship Is Said to Have Attacked the Black Sea Port
Another Report, Coming From Odessa, States That the Revolutionary
MUTINEERS
STILL HAVE
FREE HAND
Naval Officials Rendered
Pow erless by Refusal
iof Black Sea Crews to
Engage the Freebooters
ODESSA, July 6— Th« Kniaz Potemkine
etill occupies the center of the stage htre.
The authorities are well Informed about
her movements and h,er operations at the
various Black Sea ports form the topic
of continuous speculation and comment In
business and official circles. But, as the
opinion prevails here that she' will not
return to menace Odessa, the Odessans
view her doings Interestedly, but not
with any particular alarm. "' '
The fact that the Kniaz Potemkine is
ttiil at large, cruising in the Black Sea.
threatening ports and holding up steam
ships and other craft Is beginning to
bring criticism upon the naval authori
ties, owing to their apparent slowness arid
lack of energy in pursuing and terminat
ing her piratical career.
The torpedo-boats which, it is reported,
are trailing the Kniaz Potemkine. . have
done nothing, although the whereabouts
of the battleship has never been a se-'
cret. The Black Sea is so smaJl that she
has never tM?en out of reach of the fleet,
which loft here yesterday and which Is
popularly supposed to be following the
renegade for the purpose of effecting her
surrender or sinking her. If the fleet is in
earnest, it can easily meet the Kniaz
Potemkine within a comparatively few
hours. The belief it general, however
• and there is general confirmation of it),
that the main difficulty confronting the
fleet lies in the fact that the crews of
the ships are strongly disinclined to en
gage the mutinous battleship. It is re
ported on good authority that the crews
have actually refused to attack her.
In the meantime commerce on the
Black Sea is being slowly resumed and
coastwise and other steamships are
clearing from Odessa on their former
schedules. '- £ f '
Odessa is resuming its 'normal life and
the theaters and other public places are
reopening, while street life is about the
same as usual. There. ia.a strong under
current ftf uneasiness; "however, and fur
ther disorders are expected sooner or
later. Just at present the reign of mili
taty law and the recollection of the re
cent lessons are acting as strong deter
rents to unruly persons.- The poiice are
active in making arrests and deporting
suspected persons. House to house
searches are frexjuent and they have re
.sulted In the finding of a number of
bombs. It is believed that practically
a.ll tha Jewfe are armed!
Present conditions are proving a serious
deterrent to business here. The port
shows fair activity and the factories are
resuming, but not -a business man is
coming to Odessa and the hotels are al
most empty. The lack of confidence is
widespread and trade Is very dull.
Czar Mar Go to Ancient Capital.
MOSCOW. July «. — General -tJozloff,
the Governor General, has ordered the
great hall of the Ilinsky Palace in'the
Kremlin to be redecorated and put into
order, and a report Is current that the
Emperor intends to come to Moscow
for the purpose of delivering a mani
festo summoning the representatives of
the people.
Kroustedt Strike Ik Settled.
KfiONSTADT, July 6.— The dock la
borers* strike has been settled, the
hours being reduced to nine per day
and an increase of 10 • l>er cent In
wages being: allowed;. • 'Mft
<lnmp 1b Prloew «<n the Bourne.
ST. PETERSBURG; July- 6.-^Priccs
on the Bourse to-day Slumped badly on
the news from Southern Russia, lm-
I>*rial fours falling one-half point to
54»4. ' \u25a0 ;
V
OT h asl %t ilix 's Sc Ca
g x c i v 5 1 v c
Clothiers
Ko Branch Storey jand No Agents.
.THERE ARE CLOTHES SHOPS.
AND THERE : ARE •' CLOTHES;
SOME BETTER THAN OTHERS.
MODESTY PREVENTS US
FROM SAYING "WE'RE BEST."
SOMEHOW OR ANOTHER
WE ENJOY DISTINCTION
Deportment etore clothe*
cannot ' compare with /-
- this modcra -shop tor
exclustreness. W* only
wll men"* clothes.
There are advantages, .
$L;e arntj Sire c t
#hurioiu IB lock
LONDON, July 7. — The Odessa correspondent of the
JDaily Mail says it is reported there that the Kniaz Po
teinkine is bombarding Theodosia. that the town is burn
ing and that the soldiers of the garrison ,are engaged in
looting. He says it is also reported that another torpedo
boat has joined the mutineers.
PAKIS, July 6.— A dispatch to the Eclair from Odessa
says that ,- forty-five mutiiieers of the battleship Georgi Po
biedonosetz, which surrendered last Monday, have been put
to death. The ringleaders were required to renew their
oath of allegiance to the Czar. Forty-live of them re
fused to do so and were shot.
ODESSA, _ July 6, 11 :59 p. m.— lt is reported that the
battleship Kuiaz Potemkine has been blown up near
Theodosia;
MOSCQW, July 6.— lnformation of a na
ture which precludes the possibility of
confirmation has just been received that
shortly an ultimatum demanding politico!
rights will be presented to the Czar in
behalf .of the army. The date of . the
manifesto probably will coincide with the
completion of the mobilization now pro
gressing, when 200.000 Of the youngest,
and, therefore, the best trained and most
tainted with dissatisfaction of the re
servists will have received arms. The
under officers have been drawn largely
from civil life. ! ,
The initiative, it was asserted, would
take place in .the garrison, at St. Peters
burg, at least half of which Is alleged to
favor the reform movement.
< *
ST. PETERSBURG WITHOUT NEWS.
Doe* X«t Know Whether or, Not Theo
. • • doNla Is Itrlne ' Bombarded.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7, 3:30 a. m.—
Up to 3 o'clock this morning, no report
was received from Theodosia of the ar
rival of the squadron from Sebastopol
{ and it Is not known whether an encounter
; with the Kniaz Potemkine has taken
! place or whether the battleship has-exe
i eutfcd Its threat to bombard the city last
j nl?ht, ' unless ' given the supply of coal
I demanded. The latest" dispatches from
j-Theodoßla received here, timed' -4:3J_
; o'clock yesterday iifternoon, reported that
I th.? Kniaz Potemkine was cruising oil
chore. In eight of the town, but it is pos
sible she may hav e left the vicinity be
fore the arrival of the squadron. ;. " ,
A press dij-patch from Sebastopol gives
a rumor that the Kniaz •Potemkine went
seaward late yesterday afternoon. If the
squadron arrived before her departure,
either the surrender of the battleship or a
battle is regarded as certain, as Admiral
Chouknin, it is believed, .would not have
risked his ships tn search of the mutin
ous ; .vessel .unless sure that there, would
be no repetition of the Odessa fiasco."^ •
Rumors of the'moet diverse nature are
in circulation, one of which Is that : two .
torpedo-boats attacked the Kriiaz^Pbtemv
kine and were sunk by her. The cruiser
Chernomoretz, due at Sebastopol ori'Mon"-*
day and for which much anxiety was felt,,
has arrived at Yalta, on the south coast
of the Crimea. ;"; . . '\u25a0 . , \u25a0:'''••
Advices received from Minister of the
Interior Bouligan report a serious anti-
Semitic agitation in the governments of
Ekaterinoslav and Kherson.
The Emperor has offered the position of
Minister. of the Interior, to succeed Mi
Bouligan, to M. Shipoff of Moscow, for
mer crebident of the Zemstvo Congress.
According to popular rumor Shipoff will
accept or.ly on condition that full free
dom be accorded to the press and to pub
lic meetings.
LITHUANIAN TROOPS MUTINY.
Fire Upon Co«*aclt Detachment. Sent to
Arrest Tbem.
BERLIN, July 6.— A correspondent at
Kattowitz, Silesia, says he loams from
an altogether reliable source. that sixteen
men were designated In each company of
the Lithuania Life Guard Regiment in
Warsaw to go to Manchuria on .June 25
and that on that day the men so desig
nated refused to go and' their comradqs
refused to make them do so. The colonel
of the Lithuanian Regiment sent to an
other life guard regiment, named the St.
Petersburg, for help, but the men- - re
fused to obey orders, which was also
the case with a third lite guard regiment.
The colonel of the Lithuanian Regiment
then applied to the military commander
of Warsaw, Lieutenant General Komar
ofl, who sent a dotachmtnt of Cossacks
to' the 'Mokotow camp. Some of the
mutineers fired upon the Cossacks, who
returned the. fire, fourteen altogether
being killed before those who resisted
were arrested.
FLEfiING FROM THEODOSIA.
Populace Expect* n Docnbardment by
the Kiiliit. PotrmUlcc.
THEODOSIA, Crimea, July B.— The
Inhabitants are leaving the town .. in
compliance with the orders of the au
thorities Who fear that the mutineers
of. the Kniaz Potemkine wijl carry out
their threat to open fire upon Theo
diSsia. -' Only troops "and officers remain
here. .;• .vf-v:;':, - ;'. . ....
A. correapondent who visited the
Kniaz Potemkine In company with the
Mayor found the battleship commanded
by an electe.d committee; of . seven,
headed by 'Ensign and wuartermaster"
AJexien". Everytnlng 'was in order and
gpo'd, dieclpllne -is reporfed._ All .'the
guns .were loaded and' it was sa^d that'
the mutineers had a' full complement of
ammunition. The crew consisted of 750
men .and ; there "were 150 more on the
torpedo-boat. No offlcers were seen. It
wan rumored that< several ensigns
among the crew were held prisoners
and costumed as sailor*. ,\u25a0
TROOPS FIRI2 UPON MUTINEERS.
Drive Back a flout Sent . From tbe
Knlnx Potemkine.
LONDON. July 6. — A , dispatch to
Reuters Telegram Company from
Theodosia says that at 9 o'clock i this
morning a boat from the Kniaz' Potem-,
klne was sent ashore and' was met by
an Infantry nre which killed two men
and caused seven to jump overboard.
The torpedo-boat In the hands of the
mutineers fired a shell, which passed
over the town, and at noon the Kniaz
Potemkine and the torpedo-boat left
the port,- but continued to remain in
sight of the town.
TheodOßla, It Is added, has been de
clared t6 be In a state of .war..
SO HA.YEN FOR \u25a0 MUTINEERS.
Bulgarian and Ronmanlau Ports Closed
'to the Potemkine. \u25a0\u25a0
.ST. PETERSBURG. . July 6.— At Rus
sia's reauett both Bulgaria and Rou
mania have c lssued Instructions . to the
effect that if any mutinous ships enter
their harbors . they will : be obliged to'
disarm' Immediately, or leave port and
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 7,. 1905.
that no fiupplies will be furneshed to
them.
A letter from Odessa says that when
the red flag- was hauled down from the
Georgri Pobledonosetz her crew chanted
a prayer and followed it with the na
tional anthem. '
pnv:ss speaks fearlessly:
Urceii the.Cr.ar to Hee<l Lesson Taught
. -.by the' Klack Sea Crisis.
ST. PETERSBURG, July C. — The pa
pers, commenting- on the Odessa trag
edy, to-day strike the same note that
the mutiny is not an Isolated Instance
of discontent, but is symptomatic of a,
deep political crisis which demands an
immediate remedy or it will be too late.
The -Kasha Rhlsn predicts thatthe
ruin of the port of Odessa, the center of
the Russian grain export, will bring
Jn its wake faznine and disaster.
Forbids the Sule of Frcarms.
SEBASTOPOL. July 6. — Admiral
cnouknin has issued an order forbid
ding the sale of firearms. The popula
tion is in a ferment. '
Martial Law Abolished.
TOKIO, July 7. — Martial law was
abolished to-day over the whole of For
mosa and the Pescadores Islands.
GOLD A^ l) FIXE JOB
FOE HONEST MECHANIC
Electrician Who Restored
Lost Sack of Jewels to
Owner Eewarded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. LOS ANGELKS, July 6. — Because he
proved himself to be an.^ honest man
.John". Fort. \u25a0 a young: electrician, who
during the last several months has been
unable to find steady employment and
:ajt tinieS'Avns in financial straits, is the
Assessor to-night; of J2QO in gold and
tnefassuranee of steady Employment as
Jong as lie desires to hold the Job which
will be provided for him, by one of the
big electrical companies of Los Angeles.
Mrs. W. J. Danforth dropped a silk bag
containing $1700 worth of diamonds ana
other jewelry, a considerable sum o*
money and a certified check for $1000
on the floor of a Long Beach electric
car on the night of July 4. Fort lound
it under a seat several hours later and
before the loss had been reported to the
company. When the loss was reported
through the newspapers Fort promptly
went to Mrs. Danforth's home and re
turned her property to her.
TROUBLE IN STORE
\u0084;>, FOR -AGED VETERAN
(
Pardoned Murderer Fails to
Keep Promise and :Is
Airain Behind Bars.
'Special DiK-ateh to The Call.
\u25a0- PORTLAND.'JuIy 6.— At 80 years of
age Wil.iam Blackman, convicted of the
murder of-hiß wife and pardoned by a
former Governor, finds himself again in
the grasp of' the law. Blackman left
Oregon for Minn<"^r>ta with the promise
never to return, but he could not resist
the temptation to. stop on the way to
Los Angeles and'see old scenes. News
of his presence- in Portland was sent to
Douglas County, his old home, and the
Sheriff Is now on his. way back there
with him. It is alleged by isome that
the Sheriff is not 'within his rights, as
no law has been violated, but a Rose
burg dispatch says that when Blackman
was indicted for Mllhis his wife he 'was
also indicted' for : killing his stepson. It
i 3 on this charge thAt he has again been
arrested. \u25a0•'-'
CHIfcAGO WOMAN IS ACCUSED
* OF BIG THEFT IN LONDON
Aactionecr Cliargcn Her With Stealing?
a Peurl Necklace Valued
ct 810,000.
. LONDON. July 6.— "Annie Grant" of
.Chicago, claiming to be an actress, was
•committed to-day in a' police court to
\u25a0stand trial oh the charge of stealing- a
'pearl necklace- worth SlO.OOO from
Christie's auction rooms. The woman,
whose realname is believed to bo Annie
Glcaaon, according to the Prosecuting
Attorney, visited Christie's, Inspected
the necklace and secured a duplicate of
Imitation oearls, . which on a. second
visit she substituted for the genuine
while the attendant's batfk was turned.
"The rrlsoner. obtained a continental
passport at tha American embassy six
months ago in the name of Annie M."
Grant of Chicago. - , ;T -
O'BRIEN IIKAI) OF . H\ItRI3IAN
\u0084 LINEBUV THE NORTHWEST
Eleotetl. by^rHreotorslof.Tivrt Hondn to
~ Fill Plnce Formerly, Occupied by \u25a0. .
B. A. .AVortlilnaton. !
PORTLAND. July G.— J: P., O'Brien
has beon , formally.. elected , first vice
president, and general;" manager jof
Oregon 'Railway... and Com-,
pany at a mettlner of, the directors held
here, s vice B. A. r.Worthlnston,^' whose
resignation ..•was J <aJccepted.^ The f ;Bame
actltin was taken by, the dlrectons^of tho
Oregon and California.; Railroad, tw.hich
places O'Brien \u25a0 at "the head of the Har
rlman Northwestern: lines. ' •'. ; , : { ' •\u0084'
Mnrocenn llinpute ut an End.
PARIS,, JuIy/ 6.— Prince; Radolin, ; the
German : Embasaador,' and: Pr tsmier^Rou
vler conferred Hhisi evening: jre&aVdine
the i proposedf-Woroccan 'conference.' ,*An
agreement, lt'is cxpectcd,*will be closed
at a meetingr[oiV Saturday.". \u25a0'• :• '•
MAY FIGHT
BATTLE AT
THEODOSIA
Black Sea Fleet Sails
and St. Petersburg Awaits
News of Combat With
the Revolutionary Crew
: ST. PETERSBURG, . July 6. — The
Black Sea fleet has gone to Theodosia,
according to advices received by the
Admiralty late this afternoon. Admiral
Chouknin's warships left Sebustopblfor
Theodosia. at noon to-day and should
arrive there early to-morrow. The re
sult is waited with the must intense
anxiety. ... -,'._'-
Dispatches received from the Gov
ernor of Simferopol, who is executing'
the decree of martial law at Theodosia,
say that about half^of the Kniaz Po
temkine's crew desire to surrender, but
they are prevented from doing so by
the revolutionists. There were only six
companies of troops at, Theodosia yes
terday, but reinforcements of infantry
and' artillery have been dispatched from
Sebastopol and probably reached there
to-day.
An otncial report from General Kah
aHoff, the 'military commander \u25a0„ of
Odessa, declares that there has been
the wildest exaggeration regarding- the
number .of casualties resulting from the
rioting at Odessa. lie gives the fol
lowing figures:
Of the mob eighty-nine were killed
and seventj'rfour wounded,; of the po
lice and troops one man was killed and
twenjty wounded. ' . .*
Suqh news as came from" the Black
Sea and the Caucasus during "the day
was extremely alarming. The whole
Crimean Peninsula is on > the verge of
revolt and anarchy reigns in the moun
tains of the Caucasus from Batoum"to
Baku., -\, '\u25a0:../..:.:\u25a0\u25a0 .:, -\u25a0^\u25a0v;; v^-. '"\u25a0 \u25a0"
At Theodoslay*the workmen are backing
the mutineers. The crews of several
ships in the harbor have joined the mu
tineers and the well-to-do class of ; the
population has fled in panic. The guns
of the Kniaz Potemklue are' trained on
thefcity and a : bombardment is moment
arily expected.'
; .According, to reports current, in St., P
etersburg, four torpedo-boats, with' volun-'
teers'on board, have sailed for
to sink the ' KniazM Potemkine.^ but , the
reports,, lack cphhrm^tio'ri/ and must 7 be
accepted with reserve. The Stremitelny,
which actually hada volunteer crew- on
board for; that purpose; aiid missed.^her
ejuarry at Kustenji, left Varna yesterday.
Several boats which I,ewis\ Nixon built
are at Sebastopol and' may be used. Nixon
himself has not been 'heard -from "'and
telegrams for him have not been an
swered. This is not cause for alarm, so
far as he personally is but is
probably caused by the censorship. How
ever, il tends to roniirm the extreme
gravity of the situation.
Telegrams from the Caucasus; .where a
state bordering on anarchy has existed
for a month, gay the news, of the mutiny
on board the Kniaz Potemkine made -an
electric impression and was the sipnal for
a general movement with which the
troops and police .'are powerless ;to \u25a0 cope."
Railroad traffic, in all directions has
ceased and the people are fleeing* on
horseback .and all kinds of vehicles over
the mountain roads and trails..
ENORMOUS JAVANESE 1 LOSSES.
Llncvitch; Gives Further Details of 1 lie
Say.-in Imp ISnsn. ere meat;
ST. PETERSBURG. July '6:— General
Linevitch. in. a telegram to the Em
peror, dated Julr 5V5 V and confirming- the
deff.at. of the .Japanese at Sayantse,
when n Japanese, battalion was arihi
hilated, says that after. the- capture. of
the popition. and the flight of the Jap
anese.. 'tht> latter were/ reinforced "and
resumed th«r fight, but all their attacks
were ; repulsed. . The Russians captured
a considerable quantity of supplies and
held the; position until ordered to retire.
..The Japanese? . losses,: Genera"! Line
vitch said, were. enormous. Many,Rus
sians-^we-re ;-. wounded in, such a man
ner as to prove, that the Japanese were
usliik rtumdum bullets. .
MEMORY OF INDIAN
WOMAN IS HONORED
Statue of Ileroic Guide of
Lewis and Clarke Is *
Unveiled.
PORTLAND, July. 6.-Sacajawch, the
Indian Bird Woman, who. bearing on; her
back "her. infant child; guided, the: explor
ers, Lewis nnd Clark, through- ','Old; Ore
gon," * received public recognition " for: her
heroic services -to-day >at the Lewis and
Clark l^xpoeitioji. : when V the handsome
bronze sTatue of the . Indian - woman and
her papoose was unveiled.
The unveiling exercises were on an
elaborate scale . and were attended ',by .an
assemblage , of " several thousand , people.
They wertT conducted by; the;SacaJawea
Statue j Association,", which - claims " ln\ its
mfmbershlp . public." spirited' •-.:\u25a0': women
throughout. .Oregon, "^Washington. Idaho,
Montana,. Wyoming- and ' Nebraska. :i.The
stalue, represents : the' patient: work of the
members in 7 securing; funds, J their : object
belmjito bring one of the most heroic flg
ureß :of Western -, history out *' of an ob
/tcure'nlcho in history Into general recog-*
nltlon.,:.' \u25a0 ."\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0:.'".:' -'. '\u25a0. ':'\u25a0 ''' : -".\~. -\'-
Ii 'The status stands In a prominent; place
on \u25a0' Lake"; View .\u25a0 Terrace.*} between '\u25a0 statues
/of.. Captain. Merrlwether,'Lewisrand.-Wil
! Ham Clarkl >It' was ; ; draped •In •'; a ; huge
American flag when the'unvelllngr ceremo-:
. nies opened . at : 2 ; p^ l'm-_ '. T 11 ® Invocation
.was pronounced .by,- Rev.': Anna Shaw; and
'.'America'!; ' wa s',s ', then i sung $ by. ; Charles
; Cutter/ an /Alaska^ Indian v with • a 'well
trained ; voice." The ,< speaker j of- the "day
; was Miss Susan B. \ Anthony,; * who/ad\u25a0
\u25a0 dressed r the ' assemblage ' on". "Woman in
. Discovery.^' " . ;" ; . ' .- ' ;'";'' ' "-,•
\u25a0 • BEAVER^ FALLS.'/ P«l. ; July" : 6.^-Charles , F-'
Wella, '\u25a0 vice £ president •' Of :5: 5 the '- National ,' Lead
and *, OH *\u25a0 Company : of ' Pennsylvania, i' was •: in
jured \u25a0 and • his daughter ; Clara ; killed ' in .a: run
away accident to-day. ' \u25a0 .;;:.•:-
RUSSIAN ENVOY
NOT POPULAR
Czar's Appointment of Mu
)i ravieff as^ Plenipotentiary
Offends Count Lamsdorff
SCORED BY THE PRESS
Declared! by the Slovo to
Lack the Ability to Con
duct Great Negotiations
ST. PETERSBURG. July 6.— M. Mu
ravieff will arrive on Sunday. He will
receive jpeclal instructions from the
Emperor and consult with the various
Ministers , and will leave with ' his
suite for Washington probably about
July 20,. but the date is not absolutely
fixed. Russia has hot' yet received
information as to Japan's. attitude to
ward an armistice.
The Slovo to-day severely criticizes
the selection of M. Muravleff as one of
the Russian peace plenipotentiaries,
declaring, that he has neither the abil
ity nor the temperament to conduct
great negotiations. His rise to the po
sition of Minister of Justice, the paper
affirms, was not due to his faithful
ness to the Ideals of justice, but rather
devotion to the arbitrary, methods
which are execrated throughout Rus
sia. The Slovo recalls ,the "deplorable
incidents which marked M. Muravleff's
connection with the Hartman affair In
Paris and The Hague . conference" as
reasons for expressing the opinion tnat
negotiations under his direction are
sure to be accompanied by many dis
appointments. • '
It is generally, understood here that
M. Muravieff's selection was extremely
distasteful to Foreign "Minister Lams
dorff and that it . was the . Emperor's
personal act. ' . ' .
MIKADO DECLARES FOR PEACE.
Clmrses HU Plenipotentiaries "With tbe
. Duty of Ending: the .War.
TOKIO. July C— The Emperor deliv
ered an address to-day to the peace pleni
potentiaries/as follows: :, 1 \u25a0.:
'\u25a0'The President of the rUnlted States,
being grieved to find that the war be
tween Japan and Russia had not been
brought to a close after the lapse of
more than a. year, and being Impressed
with the urgent need* in the interest of
peace and humahltyf of terminating the
confllct.'has suggested that the two gov
ernments, appoint - plenipotentiaries and
cause them to meet together to^nego
tiate peace. . ' . ' .„ : .;\u25a0'=,. ..'
"We were compelled, contrary to our
expectation, to resort to arms, despite
our constant abiding wish for"' peace, and
if, in" consequence, of ;the .conciliatory
spirit "of our .opponent, hostilities could
be; brought* to an -end, nothing would be
more satisfactory than such consumma
tion. 7 > >
"Accordingly, we at once accepted the
suggestion of the President of the United
States and we hereby charge you with tne
mission of negotiating and concluding
peace. You should devote yourselves with
all of your power to discharge your mis
sion and make every effort' to secure the
rc-establlshr,tn'r " of peace pn a durable
basis." . \u25a0 , ' ' ' \ : '
The' Emperor to-day ! gave 'a farewell au-'
dience and' luncheon' to Baron ' KOmura,
envoy from Japan to the peace conference
and' the staff of, the Japanese Peace Com
mission. • ' '
-The Perry memorial relief fund for suf
ferers In'the war, contributed by Ameri
cans and Japanese^ realized IO'.GOO yen. -mis
sum was presented yesterday by Presi
dent Smith of the Memorial Association
to the Minister of . the Imperial House
hold.- The presentation was brought, to
the notice of the Mikado, who enthusias
tically expressed his warm appreciation of
American sympathy.
RiiHshi ' Mhiih'm a Third Envoy.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— ln an au-.
thoritativc quarter it was learned to
day that." in addition to those already
selected. " M. "PokotHofP," Russian Min
ister to China, has been ordered to the
United' States In connection with' peace
negotiations.
Terra* of Aew JnpHnese Loan.
• LONDON, Jill?; '[. 6. — The negotiations
for the Japanese loan of $150,000,000,
with. the tobacco monopoly as security,
wpre completed to-day. The issue price
will be f«0. the interest 41$ per cent
and the loan, which will be equally di
vided between New York, London and
Germany, will run for twenty years.-:
'\u25a0 !"" ''Vf I'll ri"V 1 T\ / F.fif«Hd B j^sjf3Kwf^^^f&iS^^M OJ**~^^f*^^^^.^Sf^m^B^UNilra "^ *** Q «^' * * - f f S" ~ \u25a0"'l''*^i^~- *} iJ wSS3*fIW
=:CHINA : CfcOSET^^» : dpat : METAL BED — Keivy up- DRESSER — Golden finish; J
golden or finish; rights; gracefully curved fill- shaped, top; serpentine top !
Mission design; an exceed- . ng . decorated chill; comes drawers; bevel plate mirror; B
ingly artistic piece; a credit . .. " \u25a0•> '^ \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 m -J ' . . \u0084 JL — — \u25a0
I toanydining d» QIP in a variety ot dj JfC artistically fl*Q
room. Price, Jp". £ colors. Price, %p m rP»l jJJ.; carved. Price, tp;^.«*.%J J
Rugs knd a charm lo Ihe hoiua room. Furnish your rooms with H
which nothing else w!l do. It will eSPS^ artistic rugs. We carry an immense |
AXMINSTER RUG >.-Ro 3 m size, Eg^k- SLM iS-L «^H 9x10:6; large enough for the avwaK i
9x12 feet;/ htie, deep pile, c!o3C;y J, lll^ room; eff.-ctivc de- ff» f J»A \
woven; in mottle deflects. d» 1 c &LJ& . "igns. Eich. JpO.JU"
\u25a0? llce '^^-- -SSf^" i BRUSSELS RUCS- Size 8:3x10:6: i
BRU3SELETTE RXJGS-27xj4 in., . SMYRNA RUGS- c(k69 in., an extra choice deajni for any room in the I
rcvrrsible; artistic coloririgsie/\^» quality : in floral and tf*V-(T C. : houst. Each : . . . «fc I*>-fp g» i I
: v : , .:;..;, JUC Oriental d^gns: each, J J ' \u25a0-•\u25a0 VIO.CQ 1
" TSe Items Listed Give But a Faint Idea of the Values to Be Found at the "STORE ON THE SOyARX." 1
QNTHeIjM^' L|jfe|TfOfIRCBEBIT-
SQUARE EB^&UAHni'wßS^ COOP
SWEDEN'S WAR
TALK SUBSIDES
Special Committee Warns
Nation That It Is Not
Prepared \ to Fight Norway
JINGOES ARE SILENT
Colonel Bratt Says Only
30,000 Troops Could Be
Sent ;' to the Front
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
CHRISTIANIA.-July 6.— Sweden's war
party has become less aggressive of late,
though the war press continues to spread
stories -regarding alleged threatening mili
tary movements on -the part of. Norway.
These stories, however, receive less credit,
now that Norway has denied them.
The Swedish war press deplores the
fact that the Government subdues the
warlike tendencies of the Riksdag. Swed
en Is warned by the special committee of
the Government that the country Is in
sufficiently prepared to wage a success
ful war. Colonel Bratt, an esteemed
Swedish military .authority, publishes an
article in a Swedish paper, stating that
Sweden Is unable to raise more than 80,000
effective troops against Norway, while
Norway says she can raise 70,000. The ar
ticle has caused much comment In Swed
en. It has produced a sobering effect, af
ter the boasting of the jingoes that 450,
000 men could' be put into the field.. Most
of the Swedish papers think 100,000 men
can be raised, but admit this too few for
the . purpose.
Despite the action in the Swedish Riks
dag for the raising of a war loan of 100,
000,000 kroner <*26.800.000) the general im
pression here is that Sweden is tired of
war talk and will soon, ask:
"Why go ' to war when union Is not
wanted?" .
However. It will be still 'some time be
fore the Swedish mind'wiirbe clear. ;
Norway's business continues undis
turbed. Trade is stimulated by the pros
pect of a good harvest. Tourist traffic Is
large. Fewer Swedes, however, are trav
eling, in the country. \u0084 J..1
KAISER'S COUNTRY
HAS A BEEF TRUST
Its Grasping Tactics Stir
the Fatherland to
Special Disspaicn to Th« CalL
BERLIN,' July 6.— Germany 13 aroused
to a pitch of angry excitement, that has
temporarily eclipsed interest In Morocco,
by the graspmgr tactics of the beef trust,
which consists of a handful of agrarian
aristocrats.
.The National Butchers' Association to
day railed upon Chancellor yon Bulow to
employ the full, power of the Government
to save the country from the disastrous
result:- of an impending meat famine. The
trust has forced prices to the highest
point evpr known in the fatherland. Pork,
the suattrancc of the working classes,
has advanced beyond. their reach and the
middle class now looks upon veal and
beef as luxuries. Relief is possible only
through' the opening of the frontiers. Rus
sian, Lamsh and Austrian hogs and cat
tle nr>- now almost .wholly excluded by»
means" of arbitrary inspic'uon laws." ... (,
The agrarian" monopoly ' wll become
more complete still next year when the
higher rates of the new tariff \u25a0 will be en
forced..' The agrarians, however, are the
power bth'r.d the thrbn- and the popular
protest is not likely to affect them.
SEW CADIXET FOR ."AUSTRALIA
FORMED BY "ALFRED DEAKIN
Isnnc Alfred Isaacs Is to Be -Attorney
General and Sir J. Forrest
- Treasurer. . -
MELBOURNE. .'July 6.— A new Cabi
net has been formed by Alfred Deakin,
as follows: Prime Minister and-Min
ister of/ External .Affairs. Alfred
Deakin; Attorney General. Isaac Alfred
Isaacs: Minister of. Trade and Cus
toms, Sir William Lyne; Treasurer, Sir
j. Forrest; Postmaster General,' ; Mr.
Chapman; Minister of Defense. Senator
Playford: -Minister of Home Affairs, Mr.
Groom; Vice President of the execu
tive council. Mr. Ewingr. . . ,
NASHVILLE. Term.. July B.— TTia wholesale
grocery house of Phillips, Webb & Ct>. was
destroyed by fire - early to-day. " The \u25a0 loss la
about £150,000.'-.
WINE-GROWERS
WILL NOT MEET
Plans of Association Are
; Spoiled by Illness in Fami
lies of Prominent Members
MAY COME IN AUGUST
Arrival of Several Eastern
ers in Los Angeles Causes
Rumors About Convention
Special Dlsratch to Tbe Call.
LOS AJNGELES/ July $.— The plan to
hold a convention "of the American "Wine
Growers' Association" In San Francisco
has been abandoned. It Is possible that
the meeting may be held some time late
In August, but that will depend upon the
decision of the officers of the organiza
tion, and they have informed those In Los
Angeles who are Interested that nothing
definite has aa vet been arranged.'
Alfred Stern of this city, one of the
leading wine producers of this part of the
State, Is a district president of the or
ganization. Asked to-night why the con
vention had been called o«.. he replied: J
The plan to brlns between 225 and 230
members of the association to California on a
special train and hold a convention in San
Francisco originated with tho leading mer
bers in the £.a*t. who proposed to make oi
the trip a . summer outing. Elaborate prep
arations bad twen made Jcr the reception of
the ! party here " and the local members \u25a0would
have accompanied them north. Sereral days
ago I received official- notice from tha railroad
officials that the party had abandoned their
proposed trip, owing- to illness In tho families
of several of the most prominent members.
Secretary Vance is -detained at home, owins
to a surgical operation \u25a0which his mother wm
obliged to undergo, and other leaders In th »
association are unable to come at to '-3 tlnv>
for various reasons. Therefore tha contention
for the present was abandoned. /
S. E. Secundo Uuastl. who Is also an
officer In the association and a prominent
wine merchant, stated to-night that to
day he received a letter from President
Anderson of the association Informing
him that the members found it Impossible
to come west In a body this month. Presi
dent Anderson, however, Intimated that
they might come late in August.
Vice President Stern of the association
also stated to-nfght that he had been In
formed that a number of members of the
association are In Los Angeles but not
as members of that organization. If they
are here they have failed to communicate
with members of the association and Its
Los Angeles officers have no knowledge
of their presence.'^" .."..'*
says they may be here In their
private capacity* but he has no knowledgo
of them. He positively declares that Los
Angeles members- have given up: the Idea
of holding a ' convention In San Fran
cisco.
DEMANDS DAMAGES
FEOi. LAWYER HENEY
Indicted Man Sues Prose
cutor of Land Fraud
Cases for §50,000.
•PORTLcAND. July fc-^-CTiarles P. Lord,
now under indictment * in" • the" United
United ' States District Court far having
attempted to besmirch "the character oC
United States District "Attorney F. :< *tJ.
Heney, has commenced suit In the Stato
Circuit Court against Heney for llbef.
He asks $50,000 damages. .
: Defendants m the land fraud cases now
off trial In the United States Circuit
Court have been slow In appearing be
fore the court and to-day Judge Do
Haven ordered bench warrants Issued to
bring several of them Into court.
In the case of the United States against
Henry Sleldrum, ex-surveyor general;
George W. Wagoner, formerly chief clerk
ln:Meldrum*s <rfflce; David "W. Kinnalrd.
ex-examlner of surveys; Benjamin G.
Minton and Gustav Klatesch. land sur
veyors, and Levy Stepp, notary public,
the defendants failed to put In an ap
pearance and plead to tho Indictment.*
as ordered by the court yesterday, and
bench warrants were Issued. George
Snrenson. defendant In the same case,
was present in court and pleaded not
guilty, waiving the reading of the Indict
ment. The case against Frank H, Dun
can was dismissed.
CONNELLSVILJ/E. Pa.. July B.— Flvo men
were killed and one seriously Injured by a
mine explosion at Kesltan shaft to-day. . Tha
accident Is supposed to have been caused, by a
premature explosion of dynamite.WAR DEPARTMENT GfflEf WARMLY GREETED
Distinguished Visitors
Are Entertained at Big
Banquet at the Palace
7 A FT TALKS OF PHILIPPINES
Continued Pruni I'npc 1, Column 7.
"If 1 had not been interviewed and
n:ade to take so many different positions
en t ho. Chinese question 1 would not think
it important to "To-state my position In
the natter. I knew Californians have a
• tittinite view and my view generally is
"thi*: We have reached a point in the
life of our nation where we are to be
treated bjr other nations as 'adult male,'
where we expect from other nations some
measure of courtesy and justice as we
would mete out to them. I understand
that all nations of the world know that
we are not obliged to make this conti
nent a dumping ground for their beggars
and robbers and bad people generally, and
therefore we may pause properly and
still stand up and look them in the face.
"I elso understand we have Informed
the Chinese nation that its coolie class
does not amalgamate and become citizens
a::d that therefore we exclude them. That
hne been understood by the Chinese gov
ernment and recognized by us. But on
the other hand we have refused entry to
Chinese merchants and students whoni it
wouM be an advantage to this country
to admit. We should keep with the Chi
nese nation the advantage that we have
by reason of the fact that it believes
~we are not land grabbers in the Orient
and desire to do justice — a position of ad
vantage given us to secure the Immense
Chinese trade awaiting development on
the Pacific Coast.
"And shall we pursue the policy that
\u25a0will insult Chinese merchants and stu
dents and destroy our advantage with
Ciiina in international affairs? I say
no. And the State of California will
say no if the State knows her own In
terests — not only the wealthy men, but
the laboring men. The laboring men
are the bone and sinew of the country.
end every time you Increase our trade
by one hundred million, seventy-five
niillipns are going 1 to the laboring man.
Is it possible for the interests of labor
thiit we will find it necessary to fling
Insulting measures In the face of China?
"I hope I have made plain my view
on the Chinese question.
"I am not criticizing the enforcement
of the law. If by treaty or law It ia
necessary to insult, then those laws
should be repealed.
The Panama Canal
"Is California interested in the con
struction of the Panama canal? I can
not tell you in the snort time allowed
the various plans settled upon those In
charge of the canal by the President
and Congress. In the construction of
the canal thus far Congress has ginger
ly laid down rules that might have re
lieved some of us of responsibilities.
We presumed it was our business in
the absence of Congressional interven
tion to build the canal as cheaply as
v. - c could and therefore when we
wanted vessels we went to England
and Germans- to secure them and looked
over their market and came back. We
found here somewhat more expensive
vessels, butf*T>etter for our purpose, and
now we have two American vessels.
a»j so we expect to proceed until Con
gress shall lay down different rules,
getting material where It can be best
procured, which has so far been in
American markets. The very fact that
we do not intend to stay in American
markets when we do not think the
price is reasonable may induce people
to come to a reasonable price,
"The canal has a railroad by its side.
We had- to buy the railroad when we
bought the canal of the French Panama
Canal Company. We have obtained en
tire control of the, road, which enables
us to do exactly as we choose. We pro
pose to run it and charge an equal rate
for the carrying of goods across the Isth
mus, and all who send goods will be
charged exactly the same rate. It may
discourage American shipping on the Pa
cific side. Snould the policy followed by
the present representatives of the Gov
ernment fall, we must ask other gov
ernmental representatives to carry it out.
"We are trying to run the railroad as
a link In the commerce of the two oceans,
bo that everybody can count upon a
square deal, and It will resemble the
canal. This Is one of the means of keep-
Ing up a competition to the continental
routes. I am not entirely certain that
the results following the completion of
the canal will be what some enthusiastic
Californians expect, but we will try to
give you a square deal, and if upon com
pletion of the canal California loses any
commerce she must turn to the National
Government for help in solving a later
problem.
"I cannot close without repeating again
the depth of gratitude that I and all
,*>e members of the party feel, and I
fewe the enthusiasm of your welcome to
the 'act that distinguished Senators and 1
Congressmen are with me and have done
me the honor to accompany me on the
Philippine Journey, upon the request of
the Philippine Government that they also
make the visit. So they have taken these
100 days out of their busy lives to look
Into the trust that we have assumed as
a nation, which the honor of our nation
requires us sacredly to protect."
Congressman Sereno E. Payne, chair
man of the "Ways and Means Committee
of the House, delivered an eloquent ad
flrcss, to tiCi effect that the markets of
the United States should b* opened to
Philippine products and the tariff barrier
should be removed.
United States Senator Frank P. Flint
responded to the toast, "The Interest of
the Pacific Coast in the Development of
the Philippines." His remarks were at
tentively listened to and frequently ap
plauded.
George E. Foss, chairman Xaval Affairs
Committee, spoke on "The American
Navy." /%y
Foss Speaks for a
Strong Navy and
World Influence
Congressman Foes* speech was in part
as follows:
"It has been said that a navy is an
expensive luxury in time of peace, and
it is; but it must be remembred that it
is an indispensable necessity In time of
war.
"Our naval appropriation act this year
carried $100,000,000. and yet on the basis of
per capita this is a Htile more than tl
for every man. woman ano child in the
country. It is only about 4 per cent of
our fcricgn trade during the past year,
whicn amounted to about $2,500,000,000. It
is 14 per cent of our annual governmental
expenditures, a less percentage than was
expended upon the navy one hundred
years ago. It is only one-tenth of 1 per
cent of our national wealtn,
"There are some who think that -we
ought to stop building the,' navy, but
these people largely constitute 'that class
of our citizens who believe in the idea of
a little nation. They would b« glad to
see us live in- solitude and' isolation on
»*»• hemisphere and not exert the power
and influence that we are capable of
among: the nations of the world, and if
war should ever come the only thing
which they would interpose would be the
golden rule against me guns of the en
emy; but, sir, mankind has not reached
that state of perfection yet. I trust the
time will come when the war, drums will
beat no longer and when there will be
no necessity for military establishments
of any character, but the time has not
yet come.
If there is any lesson which has come
to us during the last few weeks from
across the sea it is that a navy Un con
stant teadiness is oftentimes able to
strike a blow from which its antagonist
perchance may never be able to recover.
And then there is another thing which
must be taken into consideration. The
only time to build a navy is in time of
peace. There is this distinction between
the army and the navy. It takes years
to build your ships. Ii takes longer to
train seamen than to train soldiers, and
when war comes all preparations must
cease. It is too late to build a navy then.
Every man to the ship and every man
to the gun
"Let it be said, and it cannot be said
too often, that we are building up a
navy for peace, and let this .be our sen
timent: The American navy, may she
ever be ready for war, but may she never
be required to lire a single shot. Let us
continue our policy of building up the
navy for the protection of our interests;
for the defense of our coast line; for the
guardianship of the Panama Canal. And,
sir, we have a President in the iWhite,
House who proposes to build it, fi»r the
maintenance of the Monroe doctrine; for
the protection of the Filipinos, whom we
are lifting fro^n the bondage of supersti
tion and ignorance up into the clear sky
of American civilization; for the protec
tion of our growing trade and commerce;
for that peace honorable in the sight of
man and approved of God— that kind of
peace that never makes surrender of na
tional du«f or national honor or national
obligation.
"Let us build as we are building it,
conservatively, along statesmanlike lines,
not moved by the passion of the hour,
but with a fixed and determined purpose
to give our country such a navy that in
every great national crisis she can ever
maintain that calmness and poise that
becometh a great nation and a great peo
ple, clow to anger and plenteous in
mercy, but when she strikes may she
ever rtrike as Dewey struclt at Manila,
for honor, for Justice, for righteousness,
for civilization, and for "that perfect lib
erty of mankind" which under benign
rulings of the Almighty God Is the great
and glorious mission of our America."
It was after midnight before the ban
quet came to a close.
Men of Prominence
Sit at Table With
the War Secretary
Those who sat down at the banquet
in honor of the Secretary of War were
the following:
Edward Mills Adams. Richard Altschul, -
James Acler. , Dr. Wlnslow Andersoa
Charles R. Allen. F. M. Angellottl,
Philip Anspacher, L. E. Aubury.
E. N. Bee. % n. j. Britten.
Fred H. Beaver. * E. L. Baldwin,
R. H. Bennett, Edwin T. Blake
Anson S. Blake, Samuel Brauntiart,
H- P. Bowie. E. D. Beylard.
Awn Barneson. S. L. Bernstein,
A. G. Burnett. • J. T. Burk»
Paul Bancroft, Theo. F. Bonnet
Frank L. Brown, W. W Bracken",'
Thomas B. Bishop, Jimes H. Kishop,
Thomas P. Bishop. Edward Blshon,
David Bush. , . T acob Earth,
«-.. iV Bl8<:k ' William Babcock,
\\ Illiam F. Burbank. Paymaster R. T. Mason
General T. H. Blls3, Ball. U. S. N.
J. F. Cowderr. Charles Clark,
William H. Crocker. Edmond J. Clinton
Charles >J. Champion, A. R. Cotton Jr
C. W. Callaghan. Charles Carpy,
J. Parker Currier. Philip T. Clay
Albert E. Castle, A. Christ* sen.
Andrew Carrf&an, D. Campbell,
«• M- 1 "" 1 ' Douglas Cushman,
R. A. Crotherp, M. M. Cohn
D. Cochran. Lewis I. Coweilj
Raymond Crist, Hon. H. A. Cooper.
SOlS 011 ™, 0^! 1"1 "* 6 R Carter Hon. Charles Curtis.
F. W. Carpenter. Colonel William Church
George D. Dornln. IC. W. Doe
H. F. Dunbar. T>r. H. B. de MarvMe,
E. G. Dennlston. Henry Dernl'am
Clinton Day Dr. A. A. D'Anc'ona.
Robert T. Devlin. C. H. Dyett,
H. S. Dana. Major Carroll A. Devol
E. J. D«Pue. H. H. Dibble V
George H. Dyer. W. E. Darele
Frank Dlllingham, \u25a0W. a. Doble
Harrison Dibblee. Hon. D. A. DeArmond
« Da^ Or rZ- T ;, Dubolß - Ma J° r S. W. Dunning
M. E. Driscoll, (
A r G -p ene - Joseph L.. Rmanuel.
M. S. Eisner, Z. S. Eldridge.
D. W. Earl. Colonel Clarence R.
Major G. L,. Edie. Edwards.
J..F. Fucazi. . George K. Frinic,
Jlrty JL;. Ford. J. Fujlhira,
J. J. Pagan. Christian Froelich.
Bernard Favmonville, A. W. Foster
s'°; r J? 88 \ 1 /, \u0084 Itoland D- Fcutana.
ArthurG. H«k. Edward S. Fowler.
Hon. Frank P. Flint, Charles W. Fay
«*« * JC° nta , na ' Senator A. G. Foster,
S. B. Fusazi. Sophus Fedespeil.
James C. H. Ferguson Hen. George E. Foss.
George Fredrick*. I • -
John R. GoodaJl. iWimam R. Goodbody
£• ™ jW. C. Graven y>
G. F. Gray,- \u0084 H. N. Gray -
Jacob Goldbers. . H, M . Goldberg.
?-. B - Golfer* • George Gre«nsweig,
John Endlcott Gardner W H Georee
F S^rSJiH^ S: nila ' m M- Gassaway."
| H^G^e? h ' \u25a0 jygratiJS?™-
W. M. GrlfjOn. H. U Green.
George G. Gormley, Eugene Goodwin.
General A. C. Glrard.j Frank W, Gale
Hon. C. H. GroevenoitHon. E. Godchaux
Hon. Newton Gilbert. 'Fred Gardner. '
John I^. Howard. K. D. Hawks
J. Downey Harvey. B. S. Hubbard,
IS. L». Hoag. j. . w. Hoy t
Oscar Hcyman, E. c. Honn
H. J. Hill. r\ A . Huls'e.
Taro Hodsuml, H F. Harrington
Marshal Hal.. I.N. Hlbbe?|.
George F. Hat ton. f 'harles D. Haven.
Richard C. Harrison. jF. A. Hat*"
Charles Webb Howard A. Hochheim'er
George U. Hind. C. A. Hilbert '
£\u0084X' H *l eey J , . Frank G. Hanna,
TWtllam Hendrlckson, William Hood
Ralph C. Harrison. Hon. E* J. Hill
Hon. W. M. Howard, ,
K. Itakura. )John P. Irleh.
T. C. Judklns, Julius Jacobs
Livingston Jenka, Byron Jackson
T. Ll Johnson. C. R. Johnson '
Hon. : Charles 'A Joy, Hon. W. A. Jones
Rufaa P. Jennings, Colonel S. B. Joc'elyn.
H. Krusl, M. p. Kellogg.
R. W. Klnne. r Shefdon G. Kelloer'
E. H. Kittredite. W. Y. Kellorg
A- C. Kalns. Hon. J. R. Knowland.
Fre £^- Koat * r - . P r - *-• G. Kenyon.
A. D. Kinff. I olonM C' Mason Kinn» i
Frank H. Keyes. Frfd Kahn. ;
Hon. Julius Kahn, L. M." Kins
W. J. Kenee. Captain William Kell>
J. M. Lev/Is, Hon. Nicholas ' Lon
g B." Levison, . worth,
John C. \u25a0 Lynch, Georre F - LyonJ- -* - :
F. W. Lucas, C. B. Lastreto.
Judge William P. Law Harold H Levl
lor. . F.IH. Levy., p .
Senator Chester L Hon. E- A. Loud.
• Lonj, i J. A. Leroy.
WUlfam F. Mitchell . William H. Mills
Prof. -Uernard-Mo»es T.: MlJttmoto . •
Irving F." Moulton William A. Mage*
Thomas Mellersh _. W.S.- Miller
F. D-! Madison . v : Max Merten
,E. R: Myrtck t . v - S. S. Morton
Guido'Musto * Capt. John Metcalfe
HenryS Manhelm , v : E. E. Manhelm'
J. Mamer , w.- A. • Miller '
Albert H. Martla L. Meyen *
THE SAN HRANCISCO GALL; FRIDAY, JULY^ 7, lgOs.
SECRETARY TAFT AND PARTY VISIT BOHEMIAN GROVE,
WHERE LUNCH IS SPREAD UNDER REDWOODS.
With Large Throng of Fellow Easterners
and Californians '^They Are Quests of .
Mr., and Mrs. A. W. Foster.
PATRIOTIC AIRS ARE PLAYEp •
ON TRIP ACROSS THE BA7
Masses of Golden State Fruits off Many
Varieties Are Arranged on the-Rus
- tic Tables to Delight of Visitors.
SHORT AND WITT! SPEECHES
DELIVERED DURING REPAST
Secretary Taft and party, including
Miss Alice Roosevelt, spent the day yes
terday in the Bohemian Club grove:
Many Californians also took the trip.
They were all the guests of , Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. Foster. The outing was
thoroughly enjoyed, though the day
was a trifle overwarm., *
Both Secretary Taft and Miss Roose
velt expressed themselves as delighted
with the trip and the magnificent
groves they passed through. The beau
tiful summer jinks home of the : Bo
hemian Club never looked prettier. ' '
The party left town on the Cazadero
at 8 o'clock. The ferry-boat was gayly
decked v/lth American flags and on the
tallest staff was the brilliant red flag
of the Secretary of War. As the boat
left the dock -the band struck 'up
"Hail, Columbia!" and continued to play
lively national airs until Tiburon was
reached.* Here the party was joined by
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla, who had
come down from Mare Island on the
tug Unadilla. The train which took the
distinguished party to the camp was
decorated with flats and the Secre
tary's flag streamed to the breeze on
the engine-house. -,
The special stopped at Santa Rosa at
10 a. ml nnd took aboard Luther Bur
bank, Congressman Duncan E. McKln
lay and wife and Superior Judge Albert
G. Burnett and wife.
MASSES OF FRUIT.
Immediately, on arrival at the ~grove<
luncheon was served.'. . Small tables had
been arranged in horseshoe shape un
derf+tTte shade of the great trees and all
were decorated with masses of Cali
fornia fruits. There were luscious
watermelons, clusters of grapes of
every shade, hue and variety; rosy
tinted peaches, oranges, apples, .pears.
Miss Roosevelt was charmed with the
sight. She could hardly express her de
light in words at the magnificent dis
play of the, products of the State.
Secretary Taft expressed himself as
surprised at the many different kinds
of fruit that massed together in such
luxurious profusion.
The repast was a delicious 'one. The
feast was enlivened by the music of a
large string band and vocal selections
were rendered by a male quartet.
The speeches were of the most informal
character. Mr. Foster began with a few
remarks about his guests, and then for
nally introduced Secretary Taft. who
made a short speech later, praising the
beauties of the grove.
Judge Morrow, in a few words, told
the visitors about the hfstory of the
grove. He said the big redwood trees
were planted some time in the days when
Moses flourished, that they had slowly
grown during Solomon's time, and had in
creased considerably during Julius
Ceasar's reign, and were still growing in
size and spleandor.
PEUKI.VS OUTDOES MORROW.
Senator Perkins also commented upon
the trees of the grove. He differed some
what in his remarks from those made by
Judge Morrow, as he ' said the . original
olive branch had been plucked from one
of the big trees in the days of Noah
and his ark.
S7lort remarks were also made by Gov
ernor Pardee and the Secretary. The
party oh the return trip was greeted at
TSburon by a large number of the resi
dents of that summer resort. The ladles
came djessed' in white and presented a
pretty picture as the train from the red
woods pulled into the station. > They all
joined in hearty cheers to Mr.' Taft and
Miss Roosevelt as they wended their way
to the ferry-boat.
Miss Roosevelt was attired in a gown
of lavender crepe, with short jacket to
Cliarles A. Malm William S. Malm :
Leopold Michaels ; George A. Moore "
S. M. Mark* . Hon. W. W. M<*row
Charles D. Marx George W. McNear-
J. McMullen Dr. W. F. McNutt
Gavin McNab . P. McG. Mcßean ;
Duncan McKinlay Rear Admiral McCalla
John McNaught . Burr Mclntosh
Hon. W. B. McKlnley
H. H. North [Hon. J. C. Needham
Sen. F. G. Newlands . I •! ;— \u0084
C. P. overton jHon. .Theobold Otjen
John S. Partridge J. R. Prlngl* - * <
William R. Pent Col. • George H. Plppy
G. M. Perlne - Hon. Geo. C.' Perkins
Walter Parker : Ing.' E. Patrizi
Edgar Painter A. C. Paulsmeier .
E. B. Pond : Sen. \u25a0: T. M.\ Patterson '
Hon. George C. Pardee Hon. Sereno E. Payne :
W. R. Pedigo
Louis Rosenthal P. H. Rlxford
H. E. A: Rallton ' Robert X.Ryan
Henry. Rosenfeld - : Louis Rosenfeld "- X
W. C Raleton : '.P. C. Rossi :.
E. W. Runyon ' Charles Wesley Reed
L. M. Robbins R. T. Rolfe
F. W. Richardson '. A. J. Rich .
General George Stone James C. Sima
A. H. Small - F. P. Stone -
F. G. • Sanborn • Alfred Sutro -.- ' : "..'-
Oscar Sutro ' - L. S. Sherman '--
F. R. Sherman ' Joseph Pliers
Rev. George W. Stone, R. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 M. Sims ," " '
J. B. Stetson Ai Sbarboro
Dr. H. J. Sartorl Romolo A. Sbarboro '
A. E. Sbarboro Joseph S. Spear
R. S. Shalnwald A. ,W. Scott '
A. W. % Scott Jr. A. A. Sanderaon
William A. Schultz \u25a0 Lucien Shaw
Frank J. Symmes JF.VA: Soroera •
R, J. Somers ihV'llliam Sproule
R. P. Schwerin (John H. Speck
E. V. Saunders _ 'Louis T. Samuels \u25a0
Chauncey M. St. John.Xav. Carlo F. Serra
Ben Slosa -" . -,- ! M. SchriMdt
, Warren Hwayne R. •H. Swayne^
1 George W. Spencer- L. A. Schwabacher ;
General S. B. Sumner A.'Steln :
Honr S. : Sherley ": ' S«n. N..B. ; Scott -~ \u25a0 v
Hon. George'W. Smith J.Q. Schmidlapp 7 / : J ; !
Hon. 'Charles -Scott • Hon.) George ,W. Smith" i
Edmund Tauszky Frank I. Turner
A. de la Torre Jr. . H.;C. Tllden- c
F TJHmann Jr. r. .Hon.; William H. Taft :
Capt. 3. K. Thompson H. H. : Taylor
James Tyson
K. Uyenoi |I. Ur>ham
T C.^ Van New W. C. i Van Fleet
A. "H; Vail >V. J J. L. Vermeil
Gen. yon Enginger \u25a0\u0084 - \ \
•C. F. Weber ' W. F.- Williamson V"'
W. M. Well . W.I. Wilson - T ' " V
.W. ;J.; J. Watson v \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•- W. .Theodore Watson
George A. Webster - A.: W: Wilson .- \u25a0
F. A. Week \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" - • A. A.Watkina '.v
C.'iE.'.Wlleon -..-'\u25a0\u25a0.• - , James W. Ward •
James Alva' Watt. \u25a0„ E.Myron Wolf- ;.
Dr.' E. H. Woolsey i ;; Pres. Ben. • Ide Wheeler
Senator F.E . Warren* Hon.TA.t A: 1 Wiley .
Fred E."-Warren*i '.;' Harry F. /Woods \u25a0 ' :
Arthur H. Wood*
Hon. La'f c i Touna; f J /Dr. . E. !; A. [ Younger ,
Frank K. Zook '. ; / J.*- Zedermip
match. She wore ; a waist of white lace.
Her hat was -a dainty affair of lavender
straw, from which : depended a graceful
ostrich plume of (dark brown. Miss
Boardman and Miss McMillan were at
tired in gowns of white lace.-
As the party reached the pier on this
sido ;of the bay the band played
"America." A large crowd* had assem
bled at the ferry to see j the visitors,
but they were greatly disappointed, as
the^ carriages for the party were all
drawn up on the wharf under the shed,
so none of those waiting obtained a
view of either the Secretary or Miss
Roosevelt. '
Gay Throng Visits
Ancient Redwoods
of Bohemian Grove
The immediate party of the Secre
tary of War that visited the Bohemian
Grove yesterday was made up as fol
lows* . iyl
Hon. William H. Taft. Secretary of War. .
Colonel C. R. Edwards, Chief of Insular
Bureau. - \u25a0
Major Guy L. Edie, surgeon, Army Medical
Corps (attending: surgeon).
\u25a0\u25a0 Captain J. -X. . Thompson, aide-de-camp to
Secretary cf War. ' • .
General T.H. Bliss. "United States Army.
Captain William Kelly. United States Mili
tary Academy. •.-..--'
James A. Leßoy, Duranco, Mexico. \u25a0\u25a0-
John F. Stevens, railroad expert.
i Fred W. Carpenter, private secretary to Sec
retary of War. .
W. R. Pedigo, private I secretary to Colonel
Edwards. .
Mls6 Roosevelt. Washington, D. C. \u25a0' .
Miss Uoardman, Washington. D. C. . ,
Miss MacMillan. Washington, D. C. \u0084
The personnel of Eastern party ac
companying the Secretary of War. and
party to the Bohemian Grove follows:
Francis Douglas Cochrane, Representative
W. . 8. . Cockran of New .York, j Representative
H. A. Cooper- of -Wisconsin, Representative
Charles i Curtis of \u25a0 Kansas, Charles Clark of
Hartford. Conn, (editor . Courant), , Miss Clark,
Colonel William C. Church, f Army and Navy
Journal. ": - \u25a0 : ~> \u25a0':'\u25a0'.- y :::
Representative and Mrs. -D. A. DeArmond
of Missouri, Representative and Mrs. M. E.
Drlscoll of New York, Representative S. R.
Dresser of Pennsylvania, Senator and Mrs.
Frederick T. Dubois of Idaho.
Senator and Mrs. Murphy J. Foster of
Louisiana. . Representative G. K. Foss of Illi
nois. Stuyvesant Fish Jr. of Washington, D.'C.
Rtprcsentatlve John W. Galncs of Tennessee,
Representative N. W. Gilbert of Indiana, Rep
resentative F. H. Gillett of - Massachusetts,
Representative and Mrs, Charles H. Grosvenor
of Ohio, Hon. and Mrs. Ernlle Godchaux of
New Orleans, La.
Rtpresentatlve and Mrs. E. J. Hill of Con
necticut, Representative \V. M. Howard of
Georgia, Allen G. Hoyt (National City Bank)
of New York.
Representative and~ Mrs. ."W. A. Jones of
Virginia. Hon. and Mrs. Charles F. Joy of St.
Louis, .Mo. . . \u25a0 - \u25a0 - ' <
Representative N. Longworth of Ohio. Repre
sentative" and Mrs. G. A. Loud of Michigan,
Senator Chester I. Lons of Kansas. , \u25a0 . *
Burr- Mclntosh of New York, Representative
\V. B. McKinley of Illinois, Representative and
Mrs. W. S. McNarv of . Massachusetts.^.
Senator and Mrs. Francis G.'Newlanda of
Nevada. . ;
Representative Thcobold Otten of Wisconsin.
Representative and Mrs. Herbert ' Parsons of
New York. Representative and Mrs? Sereno E.
Payne<of New York, Senator Thomas M. Pat
terson of Colorado. . Miss Helen Patten of
Washington. D. C. ;
Senator and Mrs. Nathan B. Scott of West
Virginia, Representative Swagar Sherley of
Kentucky Representative and Mrs. G. -W.
Smith of Illinois. J. G. Schmldlapp and son of
Cincinnati, Ohio. Mr., Stillman of New York
(son of James Stillman). - , -
Senator Francis E. Warren of Wyoming,
Representative A. A. Wiley of Alabama, Fred
E Warren of Cheyenne. Wy o., George War
rihgton. of Cincinnati, Ohio, Henry T. Woods
of Cincinnati, Ohio. „, ' _ ' ;
Hon. and Mrs. Lafe Young of Dcs Moines,
lowa. :, . , .'
The Calif ornians invited to take the
trip were: '
Hon and Mrs. F. M. Ancellottl. •
Hon' and Mrs. James .H. Beatty. Luther
Burbank. Mr. and Mrs. John F. Boyd, Mr.
and Mrs. William Babcock, Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Babcock, Mr. and Mrs. George D. Boyd.
Mr aud Mrs. Willard T. Barton. .Hon.- and
Mm Albert G. Burnett, Miss Beaver. / Mrs.
Rev." 'Arthur Crqsby. D. D., Miss Crosby, Pro
fessor Archibald C. Coolidee. Mr. and Mrs.
W.H. Crocker. Mr. and Mrs.. A.*Chesebrough,
Arthur S. ChesebrouKh, Mr. and Mrs. E. E.
Calvin the Misses Calvin, Mr. and i Mrs. Sid
ney V. Cushing \u25a0 Mr. and Mrs. James Coffln,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker. ,-- - . : •
Miss Dolrh,' Dr. L... A. Draoer, -Arthur A.
Duncan. Major -and Mrs. C. .: A. " Devol.v Mr.
and Mrs.' Horace Davis.- Hon. and Mrs. J. •J.
de Haven. Colonel and Mrs. Dunn. -
• Commander and Mrs. A. F. . Fechteler,
and Mrs. A. W. Foster, Miss Foster, Miss
Anna N. Foster, W. A. Fester.^ A. _W.
Foster Jr.. Senator an* Mrs. Frank Flint,
Mies Flood. General and Mrs. Frederick Fun
ston. Hon. .Charles N. Felton. ' -U
Hon. and Mrs. W.' r B.. Gilbert. Spencer
Grant Admiral and : Mrs. C.I F. Goodrich. '
Mr and Mr*. W. "> F.v Herrln. : Mr. and Mrs.
Willard* B Harrington, j Mr. ; and Mrs. H. E.
Huntineton " the \u25a0 Misses I Huntingdon, Mr. and
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins. ; Mr. : and Mrs. Downey
Harvey, Mrs. Phoebe Hearst.- Hon. and Mrs.
F W. Henshaw, Miss Harvey, Mr. and Mrs:
ArtßsEsJHolland, Mr. \u25a0 and . Mrs. W. B. Hamll
\u25a0 President - and Mrs. David i Starr Jordan. , l-'i
" Mrs M..A: Kittle. Mr. and. Mrs. Homer S.
Kins, tho Misses? King, i Frank -King. /. :( .2
General and Mrs. - Oscar .-' F. '< Lontr, Mr. and
Mrs. Jesse W.Lailenthalr Mr." and: Mrs. P. N.
Llllenthal. •."V-- \u25a0 v>-V S ' \— '"U' \u25a0•\u25a0-.,, "". - .-. \u25a0-:-:\u25a0[
\u25a0\u25a0 Hon. and Mrs. - W. 'Morrow. Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mr. and Mr». .Walter. S. Martin, Secre
tary' "of Commerce , and « Labor and i Mrs. ;. Met
calf \u25a0 Hon. and '% Mrs. '- Duncan ; McKlnlay, : Mr.
and' Mrs. W. : H. ; Morrow/ Mr. and « Mrs.' W.H.
Mills, the Mlsees '-, Mills, *J. H/ v Mee,> Captain
and - Mrs. McKittriek.y Admiral - and i Mrs. ' B.
H McCalla. Professor and Mrs. 'Bernard Moaes;
Mr. and Mrs. \ Macurda. Mr. and Mr». J. M.
McDonald.-- '\u25a0\u25a0 -•\u25a0."\u25a0.\u25a0....\u25a0..:-. ,;;> :."\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0;•;.\u25a0 '\u25a0-"\u25a0\u25a0:: ;'-:\<'-'•\u25a0;; '-:\< '-'•\u25a0;' r -~ - 'i
. Mr. ? and r Mrs. 1 George A. Newhall, * Aimer
Mayo 'Newhall. '\u25a0-,:.,--•.:" .-£\u25a0.'\u25a0'\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ; a-^v \u25a0
X Herman Oelriche,' Mr.^ and t Mrs. ,, Onslow.
- Senator and ? Mrs. - Geonre ; C.V Perkins.- MUs
Perkins, Mr. ; and -Mr».'l George ; T.: Pace. Gov
ernor -\u25a0 and - Mrs. '. Georre ' C.- . Pardee.y Mrs. :I.
Lawrence Pool,', Mr." and ' Mrs. George 'A. ; Pop*.
Mr r.nd Mrs."- Gilbert ' Perkins. s> Captain " and
Mr». JA.i H. Payson.n James 'D. ; Phelan, Mr.'
and Mrs. Perry. \u25a0>"-\u25a0'-'- /'iC..; •-" '\u25a0- '•"..\u25a0"\u25a0i.-' : ' -
-^Miss .' Redmond,. 'Captain \u25a0 and \u25a0 Mrs. . H. : L:
Roosevelt. ' Hon. 1 . and ' Mrs. *E. i M.' Ross. '\u25a0 >. ,': - i
: 'Mr. -and \u25a0 Mr<?> Hei)ry vT.siSAtOßaron^and
Baronets VJ. H. '*t vcn i Schroeder.t^ Heine 'yon
Echroeder,' Mr,^ arid ; Mrs. < R.'i, P. f Rcliwerln. J ; Mr.
and Mn. Van-lerlynn s Stow."-' George 5 M.t Scott.
Miss - Scott. ,Mr.; r andSMrs.".y E.v Scott.'v General
and ! Mrs.; Samuel ' S."-: Sumner, -. General *W.'• R.
Shafter. o H.i Mone \ Stephens, ;: Mr."; and : Mrs.
Frederick ; S. Stratton: -"• *
;Mr. and : Mrs.' Teller. .\u25a0: f
- Dr> and * Mrs. -At H."jVoorhle»," Mr. . and J Mr».
Thcmsa^C;^Van'Ness.'^t;^--l ":'C •\u25a0"!'*'"' C," ;• :
: . and <\u25a0 Mrs."* Beniamln ' Id« " Wheelat
Snapshot Photograph of Miss Alice Roosevelt.
Secretary to Visit
Angel Island and
, State University
Taft wnr be up bright v and
early.; this morning, as he has a long day,
before* him. ;At 7:30, r in cpmpany with his
immediate" party, he ; will traard * the : Slo
curn arid . proceed ; to j Angel Island. (Miss
Roosevelt i and^ her ; friends will be .of the
number. ; . From Angel ils^ind he" will ; go
to :. the F Presidio, • where, . at '[ 9 ; o'clock, ; 'he
'will ' witiiess , vi- full . review, of 1 all . ' the"
troops stationed 'atHhat: post. • \u25a0
..After'; the ; review ; he -will;; again board
the > Slocum and >go % to \u25a0% the •- Key '\u25a0'; Route
wharf "on t the ; Berkeley shore, ; and ; thence
to Berkeley ;^wherejhe will take .•luncheon
with X President ii^VVheeler. '{At \ 2:3Q : he will
speak fto J the > students I of ; the ; University/
,-; It 'is foreshadowed that he will speak
on - the) topic of exclusion, "it
is .definitely announced that he will
discuss current" questions .of public
policy.* . ~ ':
. In the evening: the . Secretary. Miss
Roosevelt and the entire party will
attend Mrs. Martin's ball. s.
TAFT GKOWS WEARY
OF PANAMA TASK
Asks President to Transfer
jliirisfliction to State
Department.
Special Dispatch ]to The CalL
, CALL. BUREAU. . POST. BUILDING.
- July. S.^lt is said that
Secretary^ of i War Taft \u25a0 has sent a tele-,
graphic ( , to* the President from
Sanr Francisco pthat; Panama canal su
pervision be transferred from th© War
Department to the Department or State.
It Is further reported that the auggts
tion will be adopted.
accused op cojrspmnio
TO DEFRAUD THE PVBUC
Four Prominent Cltlxcnw of Wa«htn*too
Are Indicted on Serlons Chars*
by Grand Jury. \u25a0
•. WASHINGTON. July 6.— The Grand
Jury of the. District of Columbia to-day
reported an indictment for conspiracy
against Orrin D. Staples, prominent in
hotel and business circles; Tracy L.
Jeff erods, former . Assistant >Jnlted
States Attorney; John L. Fehr and
Elisha H. Fish, all of this jelty.
- it Is charged that the defendants un
lawfully conspired to defraud the citi
zens-of the , District of Columbia and
others by making false representation*
as to tho financial standing and rsapon
slbillty of the Interstate Livestock la
\u25a0uxance Company of the District
34
MAGNATE BUYS
A WHOLE TOWN
H. S. Huntington Is Owner
\u25a0 of Redondo, a Resort Few
• Miles From Los Angeles
ENORMOUS PRICE PAID
Transaction Closes Largest
Deal in Beach Property
Ever Made in the South
-
Special XMspatcb to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 6.— The largest
deal in beach property ever made here
was consummated to-night when for a
consideration which la not made public
but whjcb is known to amount into the
b'endrods of thousands of dollars, Henry
K. Huntington purchased, outright the
holdings of the Redondo j Improvement
Company, the corporation .which estab
lished that beach resort and which has
made ail of the valuable Improvements
there. Tne eSect of the deal is that Hun
tlngtoa has practically purchased the
toTMi of Redondo.
Th« orixinal tract which the Redondo
Improvement Company held consisted of
one thousand acres and, although a num
ber of lots have been sold since the com
pany has had the place, nearly the entire
holding remains intact, most of the ten
ants having secured only leases upon the
lots which they Improved. v
I Back from the beach proper the town
is regularly laid out, with broad aye
' nues, bordered by fine shade trees. The
streets are now grass-grown, but all
that is needed to make of the place an
ideal beach village is the resurfacing
of these streets.
The stock in the improvement com
pany was owned mostly by the Ains
worth family and Mr. Thompson of San
Francisco and it is their holdings, to
gether with that of others interested,
that Huntington takes over. He has
announced that he will make of Re
dondo the most attractive beach resort
on the southern coast. It is only
eighteen miles from Los Angeles and
has two electric and one steam railroad
to this city.
HUNDREDS PERISH \
FROM SUNSTROKE
Intense Heat Still Claim
in? Victims Through
out Italy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILAN, July 6.— The intense h^at In'
this city continues. Newspapers publish
long lists of names of persons who have
died from the effects of sunstroke and the
victims of heat are counted by the hun
dreds. They belong to all classes of in
habitants, including Sisters of Charity,
employes, workmen, people of wealth,
and, above all, peasants occupied in reap
ing crups or planting rice.
A decree of the prefect suspends all
public work during the hottest hours of
the day. la some establishments work is
carried on only at night. Since yester
day's storm > the temperature has fallen
slightly, but the consequences of the heat
are etill severely felt.
The cyclone blew down a chimney of a
weaving mill at Rusconi, near Magenta,
and killed four persons. The ice depot
of Lambrate. near Milan, also was blown
down. One man was killed and eight
were injured.
Ai Venice, while two American ladies
were crossing one of the lagoons on a
gondola during the heat of the day, the
gondolier suddenly succumbed to sun
stroke.
There may be a real estate bargain
among the ads. to-day which will make
you glad that you saved up a little
money.
San Juan Cartinrn Join Strike.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, July 6. The
Cartmen's Union, has decided to join
the longshoremen in a sympathetic
strike. The merchants are suffering
heavy loss in perishable goods, the
piers are congested and incoming ships
are loading with difficulty.
Swede L'sea Revolver.
Ole Olson went to the home of w. E.
Kreager at 204 Second street to visit his
divorced wife, who is rooming- there,
last night, and upon being refused ad
mission, grew abusive. Kreager tried
to throw him Into the street and Olson
fired a revolver shot at him. The
Swede then ran, but was Intercepted by
Detectives Reagan}and O'Connell, who
happened to be passing at the time.
He was charged at the City Hall -with
assault with a deadly weapon
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed July 6— Stmr Bluecher
tr?r£l^-JZ V " ?* *-«™ I* Lorraln..
LIVERPOOL- Arrived T> July c-S tmr K«n-™K «n
™£ l °. n> , L r , om **«"«•»; tar Frisian J from
Philadelphia. vl a Qu^nstown; etmr Teutonic
from New York via Queenstown *««°nic.
Mwille <11 ~ Stlnr VirKlnlan - from ' Montreal, for
Eo^ SG ° WW ~ Sane<l JUly 5 - Stmr C°rean. for
QUEkN-STOWN^-Salled July 6— Ptmr Cedrlc
from Liverpool for New York; etmr Haver'
ford, from Liverpool for Philadelphia. Ha>er "
Arrived July 6-Stmr Carpathian from New
York for Liverpool and proceeds '
SHANGHAI— Arrived July «— Stmr O.nf«
from Seattle and Tacoma via Yo&xS^tw
Liverpool. • *
KOBE— Arrived July 6— Stmr \Wa. from
Ean Francisco, for Yokohama. Wm
Meaning of Word "Graft."
The Middlesex Superior Court Is
wrestljng with the problem of defining
the meaning of the word "graft." as
used In the newspapers. The counsel
for a Lowell paper which has been sued
for libel for its use of the word has
offered to submit to the court a brief
defining: the meaning of "graft," or
rather its various meanings, for there
seems to be a use of the word in which
nothing corrupt is implied., in this
sense it means merely the holding of
a public office, the returns from which
may be entirely proper. The courts
will then decide which of the various
meanings of the word must be at
tached to Its use in the alleged libel
Thus it appears that there Is "good
graft' and "bad graft." The English
language, or rather its colloquial use.
Is a wonderful thing, and when we have
the word "graft" meaning something
entirely proper and something entirely
wrong, the person who uses it should
accompany the phrase with a defini
tion. — Boston Transcript.
Plans to build electric street car lines
in Peking have aroused a great protest
from the natives, who say the cars woula
toe very harmful to the poor, as large
numbers of coolies now make a living by
fiaullng passengers In rickshaws or on
wheelbarrows.
JAURES BARRED
FROM GERMANY
"French Socialist Leader
Will Not Be Permitted
to Speak in Berlin
YON BULOW'S WARNING
Instructs Embassador Rado
lin to Notify the Orator to
Abandon His Intention
BERLIN, July 6. — Chancellor yon
Bulow telegraphed to Prince Radolln,
the German Embassador at Paris, to
day to Inform M. Jaures, the French
Socialist leader, that the German Gov
ernment thought it best to debar him
from speaking in Berlin on July 9.
The Chancellor's telegram to Prince
yon Radolln was as follows:
"The press has announced that M.
Jaures will appear before the Social
istic meeting here July 9. Against the
personality of M. Jaures I have noth
ing to say. I respect his views on for
eign politics and not infrequently
agree wltli him. I am glad that on
several occasions he has promoted
friendly relations between Germany
and France. The personal value of M.
Jaures is not considered, but the po
litical role placed upon him.
"The leading organ of the Socialists
In Germany, the Vorwaerts. announces
that the assemblage plan is the be
ginning of- the immediate influences of
the Social Democracy on foreign pol
icies, and that a war of/ the classes
will be prompted on an international
foundation. Still more clearly Is the
aggressive intention of the promoters
of this meeting expressed In the organ
of the so-called scientific Socialism,
the New Society, which says:
"The revolution has dynamited the
Russian-French alliance. Now it be
comes the historical task of the German
Social Democracy to do for the French
republic what the holders of power In
Russia are no longer able to do — to pro
tect them from exaggerated claims by
the use of force as the result of impe
rialistic Germany's policy." .
This is the outspoken direction in
which the demonstration leads. The
German Socialists would use the pres
ence of Herr Jaures In Berlin to cover
by his person their hostile endeavors
against the state and national interests.
The imperial Government cannot refrain
from using the means at its disposal to
prevent the party from seeking to de
stroy the existing and constitutionally
established order.
Yon Bulow cites Instances of tho
French Government's Interdiction of
speeches which, it had been announced,
were to be made by members of the Ger
man Reichstag,. and then says:
"Even although it were to be expected
that Herr Jaures would have the tact
to avoid anything that might be un
pleasant for the German and French
Governments, one <£annot have similar
confidence in the German organizers of
the meeting. .
"Nearly a year ago Herr Jaures had an
.opportunity of convincing himself at Am
sterdam of how far behind the more prac
tical and patriotic aims of their French
colleagues the German Social Democracy
stand in their contradictory doctrine and
behavior.
"In such circumstances the Franco-Ger
man understanding would gain nothing
by the probable course of events at the
proposed meeting, and I therefore con
sider it advisable that the public appear
ance of Herr Jaures in Berlin shall not
take place."
The invitation to M. Jaures came frbm
the Socialist executive committee ruling
the party, and was designed to advance
the Socialist opposition to the Govern
ment's Moroccan policy and to demon
strate the similarities of view on foreign
questions of Socialists of all countries.
The subject chosen was the task of the
Social Democracy in the preservation of
the world's peace and the solidarity of
the international proletariat.
PARIS, July 6.— Something of a sensa
tion has been created here by the an
nouncement that Deputy Jaures, leader of
the French Socialists, had been prohib
ited by the German Government from
speaking at Berlin next Sunday. The
proposed address attracted much discus
sion, owing to its significance as fore
shadowing the common programme to be
adopted by the Social Democracy of the
two countries.
FRENCH SUBMARINE
BOAT GOES DOWN
Crew Is. Entombed in Vessel,
but May Be Rescued
% by Divers.
FERRYVILLE. Tunis. July 6.— A
French submarine boat, with a crew of
thirteen on board, foundered to-day In
Bizerta Bay. The commander and two
men were hurled in the air just before
the submarine sank. Divers* say the
men entombed In the submarine reply
to their calls.
PARIS. July 6.— M.. Thompson, Minister
of Marine, issued a bulletin to-night an
nouncing that the French submarine boat
Farfadet went down Thursday morning
at 9 o'clock at the' entrance to the port
of Sldi Abdallah, Tunis, under, the fol
lowing circumstances:
Qommander rtatuer at the moment of
plunging noticed that one of_the doors
was not closed properly and rushed
to try to adjust it hermetically. He
was too. late, the water rushing in with
terrific force and > throwing, out the
commander and the two men. the boat
sinking' in ten meters and lying on
the mud at the bottom. Twelve men
are encased In the boat - and powerful
tugs and a strortg contingent- of engi
neers are working. In an attempt to
bring up the vessel. The entombed
men are attempting to communi
cate with the divers.
ALL HER VENTURES >
PROVE SUCCESSFUL
Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs Said
to Have Made $20,000,000
in a Short Time. «
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The Journal says:
Friends of Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs learn
jed to-day that she has made J20.000.000
since she revoked the power of attorney
given to , her husband in 1897 to manager
her business affairs. She is pursuing the
same business tactics that have been- so
successful ' and It is . believed the time Is
near at hand when she will be the rich
est woman In the world.
She has adjusted her trouble with her
sister-in-law, Mrs. Charles Oelrichs, and
hereafter, it was said : to-day, lack \u25a0ot
money, will no longer prevent the latter
from living in the best of style/
Try the.United States Laundry., 1004
Market street. Telephone>South 420. •
. - f.:,' ••\u25a0\u25a0;;.-•,,.;:• ' - \u25a0r- fy.--\f y.--\ \u25a0A \u25a0\u25a0•''\u25a0\u25a0•- \u25a0- \u25a0 •.•"•\u25a0.' \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0V . \u25a0 >\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0• -.' ; .:•:•':.\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0 -~. \u25a0 - \u25a0 .;\u25a0 -; ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>-.\u25a0
* THE^SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY-^ JUBY 7, 1905
ROOT REINQUISHES HIS LAW PRACTICE
TO BECOME THE SECRETARY OF STATE
Official Announce
ment to-Be Made
I oJJay .
President Succeeds
in Inducing Him
to Accept.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
OYSTER BAY, L. 1., July 6.— Offldal
announcement will be made by President
Roosevelt to-morrow of the appointment
of Elihu Root as Secretary of State. On
tho return trip from Cleveland, which
ended In Jersey City this morning. Presi
dent Roosevelt was able to induce Mr.
Root to consent to forsake his lucrative
law practice for the chief Cabinet position
as the succersor to John Hay.
Mr. Root's acceptance,' it Is generally
believed, js due, only to his deep friend
ship for the President— a friendship of
long years' standing. That the office was
offered to him does not surprise anybody
In the dfllcial family." His name was "al
most the only one mentioned for the ap
pointment, since it became known that
Mr. Hay's failing health would compel
him to rel'nquish public life sooner' or
later. . , .. ,
Mr. Root was chosen to represent the
Department of State at Mr. Hay's fu
neral. He was the President's personal
guest on the trip. He occupied a com
partment in Mr. Roosevelt's private car
and they were' constantly together. While
the other official representatives jon the
train were invited to breakfast, luncheon
anddinner on occasions, Mr. Root dined
regularly at the Presidential table.
After leaving Cleveland on Wednesday
afternoon the President and Mr. Root
entered Into a conversation which lasted
until very late, and during which time
they were not disturbed. ; The formal
tender of the office was made then, it is
believed. When, the Presidential train
arrived in Jersey City Mr. Root and Paul
Morton left the train together and came
to Manhattan on th« ferry-boat. Presi
dent Roosevelt was carried on a tug to
the Eong Island Railroad station, waere
another, special train was awaiting him.
Mr. Root was asked on the . ferry-boat
if he was to be. Mr. Hay's successor.
"You must see the President about
that," was his answer. ]
"You have been offered the position?"
was asked. ;
"I will not say a word. Everything
must come from the President," Mr.
Root repeated. > <
ROOT'S GIIEAT SACRIFICE.
Surrender* an Annual Income of a
Quarter of a Million Dollars.
NEW YORK. July 6.— Seldom in the
history of the Government has a man
made the financial sacrifices that Elihu
Root will make, in taking up the port
folio of State laid down by John Hay.
In acceptingthe $8000 salary of a Cab
inet officer he must give up fees esti
mated to havo ; been within the last
year at least $250,000. A Cabinet offi
cer recently said that Root was mak
ing 5275.000 a year. >* ( -. \u25a0
Root's name has appeared in, near
ly every' celebrated legal case In /the
business and political world of ttys city
since he left the War Department. He
appeared' in the Northern Securities
case; he~i3 counsel in. the anti-canal
agitation, which will seek to have Gov
ernor Odell's $100,000,000 canal project
defeated by the courts; he Is the per
sonal counsel for Thomas F. Ryan and
the Metropolitan Street Railway inter
ests; he was retained by Paul Morton
and Ryan in tl.e Equitable Life Assur
ance Society's reorganization scheme;
he was retained by Mayor Weaver of
Philadelphia as personal counsel 'at tho
outset of the war against the Phila
delphia ring; h* has appeared on nu
merous occasions both before the unit
ed States Supreme Court and the Court
of Appeals of this State, his income, it
has been said, being measured only by
his physical ability/
This is what Root has sacrificed for
an $SOOO salary in Washington, to say
nothing of his Presidential candidacy
and BocJal obligations and a method of
living which will probably require an
expenditure of from; $30,000 to $50,000 a
year. ,
ROOT AFTER THE PRESIDENCY.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— The general
impression of politicians in Washington
is that Mr. Root has decided to become
a candidate for the Republican Presi
dential nomination in 1908. \ It is figured
out that he can get the vote . of New
York, and, with the administration be
hind him, it is assumed that he will be
come a very, formidable candidate. THose
familiar with - the j situation - consider
that it is not reasonable to believe that
Mr. Root, after once resigning his offi
cial position and j resuming the practice
of law, would throw it all over in such
a short time and return to Washington
as the head of the State Department
merely to oblige : his friend Mr. Roose
velt and to fulfill jhis; conception of the
duty of an American citlen.
It Is this that has given every Presi
dential aspirant: whose name has been
coupled- even casually with the, magic
figures "190$" the worst sort pf cold
chills. They rcw«'mher the remarkable
eulogy paid to ElihU'Root by President
Roosevelt when ,his Secretary of War
retired to private life less than two
years ago;: they observe themanner In
which the President urged the portfolio
of state upon Mr. Root and they enter
tain; no delusions as to. what the chief
executive's Influence^ will be upon the
delegates to, the 1908 convention.
Mr. Root occupies a unique position in
his relations toward 'politics, business
and statesmanship. 'Although a corpor
ation j lawyer and \u25a0 Intimately l connected
with some of ; the biggest trusts of the
country, no one * here - expresses , a doubt
that his work In any Government;posi
tion would be^ free from bias 'or com
mercialism. : - ' \u25a0- ; - - : \u25a0- - *-
Stenmer Volga !\u25a0 Damaged by Fire.
. KOBE, Japan, ' July , 6.— The steamer
Volga, from San - Francisco, via Yoko
hama, has arrived here ion "fire. ,
MISLED BY BPIRITS.— Armed with a 10
lcch rusty r*vol ver.- : Mrs.' Marjory Howe.ll , of
222 Haight • street r sought admittance • to '. a
house on :\u25a0\u25a0 Sixth !'\u25a0' avenue ' and • Clement j street
yesterday .\u25a0 in search of a•\u25a0 lon* lost non. \u25a0 The
woman was taken to the \u25a0 Emergency Hospital,
where .It was ' seen i that ; she was demented .
She, claim* .to; be. a; clairvoyant. . : *.-. . 5 •>;--> \u25a0?'
COLORADO SPRINGS,? July o.— Roscoi Har
ris i . aged 10, only ; son tof -Judge : Irai Harris
former Mayor: of thU \u25a0 city, < was . shot < through
the heart yesterday . by sa ; chum, Matthew
Dalley, aged IS. v The shooting . was . accidental f.
a 22-callber rifle being discharged ¥as Dalley
raised it: from the, table to put lt:awajr.v
CAPTAIN TIMM ; HELD .-^Captain H«inrlch
Tlmm of the German ship Magdalena waa held
to answer yesterday ;by nUnlted n State* \u25a0 Com
missioner \u25a0 Heacock '\u25a0 for trial ;on : a v chance ' of
having allowed an . alien , afflicted with a > con
tagious ; disease \u25a0 to .' escape , from \u25a0 his vessel. "
WASHINGTON, July 6.— President * Roose^
velt lias ; approved v the .- Issue -of £ $600,000 -of
bonds by -.the (Territory : of ."> Hawaii r to i refund
the gold bonds of . the . republic - of ;" Hawaii, Js
sued under an act of the Legislature of June
13, 1896. .' \u25a0-'\u25a0. \u25a0^^^SS^SSfejt ' \u25a0':'.:\u25a0 \-- ?/\u25a0?<\u25a0
AUTHOR LUMMIS
GETS SCORING
\u2666 \u25a0
American Librarians Adopt
-'Resolution Denouncing the
Tactics of Eccentric Writer
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, July 6.— Charles L. Lum
mis, the eccentric; Los. Angeles, author
and the recently appointed librarian of
the Los Angeles Public Library, and
those who secured his appointment: were
handled withouti gloves here* to-day cat
the Pacific . Coast Librarians' meeting
with the -American Librarians* Associa
tion. . They condemned the dismissal of
Miss ; Mary L. Jones,' a; competent llbrar-,.
lni\ to find room .for what is termed "a
person who, "• however talented and suc
cessful'ln other lines >f work,' has no
library training or experience."
Present at the meeting and leaders. in
forcing the resolution < condemning the
dismissal of Miss Jones were Joy Licht
enstein of San Francisco' and Melvin v.
Dodge of Stanford.
A report on gifts and bequests to Ameri
can; libraries, by Joseph Le Roy ' Harri
son, librarian of the Providence (R. I. j
Athenaeuni, was read at the meeting. The
report covers the seven months from
Juno 1, .1904. to December 31, 1904; and ln
ciudes single gifts .of f5OO or more, gifts
of 350 volumes and upwards, as well a.i
other sif f3f 3 of notable miscellaneous char
acter. ; . ' ' ; ; . -\u25a0. " • , \u25a0 .•- .*•?; l ;
Two hundred and fifty-three slCtsare
reported, representing 116,552 volumes ana
live collections of books, worth $5,128,170,
and fifty-eight miscellaneous '.gifts, in
cluding one building with grounds, seven
sites, art and natural history collections,'
paintings apd various .other. -gifts, \u25a0' the
several values W which could not be as
certained. *-<•;.;.' \u25a0\u25a0>'
\u25a0An! analysis of the gifts In money shows
that $2,311,400 was given as endowment
funds for general library purposes; $38,153
for the establishment of book funds; $30,
347 for the cash purchase of books; $1,
009,500, of which « s724,soo is reported as
accepted, from Andrew Carnegie for
buildings; $132,230 from various donors for
buildings. $64,450 for sites and $1,242,090 for
purposes the obiect of which for the
most part was not reported.
The money gifts, other j than those or
Carnegie, \ amount to $4,118,670. Archer M. 1
Huntington' presented the . highest r single
gift, namely $1,000,000. - Mr. .; Carnegie's
gifts number thirty-four ; in the United
States and amount to $1,009,500. ;
• NEW ORLEANS, July 6.— John L. Flynn
of Mississippi made a desperate but unsuccess
ful, attempt to-day to kill his bride of a
month and. then committed suicide. . Mrs.
Flynn is a daughter of C. F. Hudson of Gree
ley,. Colo.
s|f This Enormous Sale
|B§S| Budweiser sold since 1875. This exceeds the output
ifllSmfa of all other bottled beers. There must be some reason
JSt— -~3- for this popularity, and if you will taste a bottle of
uJpWjOL Budweiser you'll know for yourself.
' " ; "King o^^^Beers'* '
.yilllllllld; Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
;"^^§B Tillmann & Bendel, Distributors* San Francisco, Cal.
. '/ Corked or Tin Capped .\u25a0 \ '•~\'" : j. : j : ' '-. •. \u25a0-. ;;•:,, .\" \u0084.•:..' \u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0.. • ', \u25a0 \u25a0'. \u25a0\u25a0 .' • " 7 * '" ' GBSsSBBBBB
JOHN HAY'S SUCCESSOR AS I
* UNITED STATES SECRETARY
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: OF : STATE.
INDIAN DANCES .
UNTIL HE DIES
Brave Urged On By Maidens
/Does a Twenty-Hour
Stunt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JOCO, Mont.; July 6.— Kootic Dorsoe,
one of the best known of the braves of
the allied tribes of the Flathead Indians,
is dead as the result of twenty hours' con
tinuous : dancingv in an effort to win the
prize for the best dancer at a monster
pow wow being held by the five tribes on
the reservation. . #
Dorsoe's tragic end is believed to have
been directly due to the applause of a
number of Indian maidens \u25a0 and some
white persons present at the dance. When
it was'sten that Dorsoe was staggering,
an effort was- made to Induce him to stop,
but the Tndian girls, would not refrain
from singing their praises of Dorsoe, and
the. squaws would not desist from beating
the tom-toms, 'which seemed to awaken
a savage fury In the breast of the dancer.
Twenty hours' of dancing finished
Indian, however, and he feebly made his
way to ihe . river bank, wher he sank in
a heap and, died. Instances have been
known where the" Flatheads have danced
continuously for thirty-six hours. •
ENDEAVOIIKRS IJf SESSION.
BALTIMORE, July 6. — The second
day's session of the Twenty-second In
t"ernatlonal Christian Endeavorers'
Convention was presided over, by the
Rev. .\u25a0 Georcre B. Stewart of Auburn.
N.;Y.' v . William Shaw- of Boston deliv
ered an address upon "What Christian
Endeavorers Have, Done." - • ,
During the afternoon there was a
conference in the Associate Congrega
tional Church office of all State and
local", CTfristian Endeavor Unions under
the leadership of General Secretary, yon
Ofrden.-Vogt, at which the following
subjects were discussed: The federation
of unions, .independent-unions, flnan
cing^local enterorises, functions of a
local union \u25a0 and general > problems.
* The afternoon session of. the conven
tion'was devoted to a "junior and inter
mediate rally."
RENDER HONOR
TO DEAD HERO
France Joins America in
Paying Tribute to Memory
of . Admiral Paul Jones
IMPRESSIVE CEKEMONY
Vast -Throng Witnesses De
livery of ;the Body to This
Country^ : -Eepresentatives
PARIS, July 6.— ln the presence of the
highest , dignitaries jof France the diplo
matic representatives of many foreign
governments and civil and naval officials
of the United States, the body of Admi
ral John Paul Jones was formally deliv
ered to the. United States i. Government.
The ceremony was one combining Impres
sive dignity with brilliant' military- and
naval pomp In which the soldiers and
sailors of France and the sailors of
America united in tendering honors to the
Illustrious -founder, of the Amerlcan'navy.
The occasion was unique' and-probably
without parallel, as the funeral was that
of a revolutionary hero who had lain neg
lected in' a foreign grave for more than
one hundred years. Seldom has any
event awakened such widespread interest
in the French capital.
Dense throngs packeu the Champs
Elysees and other principal thoroughfares
to witness the imposing cortege which,
for the elaborateness of its military feat
ure equaled the martial display on the
occasion of the visit of King Alfonso.
The ceremony of delivering the body
was in the • American church on the Av
enue d'Alma at 3:30 o'clock in the after
noon, The inner- portion of this Gothic
edifice was beautifully decorated with
plants and flowers. At the foot of the
chancel rested the casket wrapped in an
American flag and literally buried in
masses of floral emblems.
IMPOSING SCEXE IN CHURCH.
At the right of the altar sat Embas
sador McCormick, Senior Special Em
bassador Porter, Junior Special' Embas
sador Loomis, United States Senator
Henry Cabot Lodge, Rear Admiral Slgs
bee and other officers of the American
squadron. Across the aisle sat Premier
Rouvier with other members of. the
Cabinet, practically the entire diplo
matic corps and officers of the army and
navy. The members of the diplomatic
corps were in full uniform. Scores of
American sailors in the naves on either
side of the altar gave a fitting back
ground to the imposing scene. After
brief religious services General Porter,
wearing evening dress, according to
the French custom, with the red sash of
the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor
across. his breast, advanced alongside
the casket and formally delivered the
body to Mr. Loomis as the representative
of the United -States, and commissioned
Admiral Sigsbee to convey it to the
United States. As the surpliced choir
took up "My Country, Tis of Thee," the
entire assemblage rose and joined in the
strains of the patriotic air. . Eight
brawny sailors from the battleship
Brooklyn then stepped forward and.
raising the casket to tneir shoulders, bore
it slowly, from the church to the waiting
gun carriage. This was draped with
the national colors and was drawn by
six black horses. "The cortege was then
formed and proceeded along the Avenue
d'Alma, the Champs Elysee and across
the Alexander Bridge to the Esplanade
des . Invalides. Republican guards lined
each side of the avenues, holding back
the dense throngs, while" all _ the > % con
verging streets were. closed by barriers
to prevent a crush. • \u0084
SAILOHS CUAHD THE CASKET.
Heading, the procession came a squad
ron of' .culsassiers, * stretching from
curb to curb, with a division of infan
try under General Frery. After them
rumbled the gun caisson, bearing the
nower-laden coffin, with guards of
American sailors on either side. Back
of the cotfln was a long line of distin
guished officials, headed by Ambassa
dor. McCormick, Special Ambassadors
Porter and Loo mis, Premier Rouvier
and his Cabinet, .the foreign Embassa
dors and French generals and admirals,
all .walking, according, to the French
custom. The appearance of the de
tachment of 500 v American sailers and
marines was the signal for enthusiasm
all along the line. Then came another
French division, composed of 'nfantry,
cavalry and artillery.
Arriving at the Esplanade dcs Invalldes
an imposing picture was presented.
The French Government had erected a
large pavilion in which to deposit the
corTin.y The pavilion was richly hung
with crimson velvet, with martial em
blems and battle axes, entwined flags
and v a row . of brass field pieces along
the front. ;i-;;^; i -; ;^ .
Near by rose the gilded dome of the
tomb of Napoleon.
The casket was deposited in the cen
ter of the pavilion while the cortege,
passed/rendering military honors.
Later it was borne to the Invalldes rail
road station and placed in a funeral
car, where, guarded by" French and
American sailors, it started for Cher
bourg.at 10 o'clock to-night.
Mr. .* McCormick gave a. dinner to
night at the embassy in 'honor of the
visiting American officials. The guests
included Premier Rouvier and other
members of the Cabinet.
NEW YORK. July C— At a meeting of the
New York grain trade at the New York Pro
duce Exchange It has been decided to authorize
trading in grain future contracts of 1000
bushels. - The present minimum - contract -Is
5000 bushels. ;
Km l \ ) Ajjaa»dffiSE^k
Eg avoids this — it goes on and s
|g comes off like a coat. Every m
gl style — all colors warranted. Wt
at $1.50 and more. ||
fj% CLUETT, PEA BOD V A CO. M
3 M»ker»»f Cl»ett maJL Arrow Collar*. fi
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THB
WEST.
24 Post St..' San Francisco, Cal.
Estabw 42 year*. Open entire year, day & nlffhf
Writ* for circulars (fre«).
POLYTECHNIC
Uu«lnei« Collese and School of Enst-
neerl os, Oakland, California.
Great Business University of tn« Weat: finest
bulldlns In U. S. for business college work; 1000
students: Ideal climate: home lnfinences: 100
Typing ilachtnesL Pitman or Qrtsx Shorthand.
Finest Banking Offices In America— Modern.
Tuition, board and all expenses low.
Graduates secure best paying position*.
Civil. Electrical. Mining Englneerlnr.
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
Sem'nary course accredited to the universi-
ties and leading Eastern college*: rare opportu-
nities offered In nuslc, art and elocution. Thir-
!£5 lmh year - FaU term °P«n* Arxgxut 10,
1908. Writ* for catalogue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS. PRESIDENT.
MILLS COLLEGE P. P.. CAU ' ;
| HA/ttLIN 3CMOO^
AMD ViH N133 BS3JIS4KT.
1?49 Jackson St.. S. F. Boarding and Day
School for Girls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
Btven to music. Reopens Tuesday, August S.
»><«- SARAH P. HAMLIX, Principal.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law, and- medical : colleges: is well
; known for its careful and thorough work. Come
, and be with us; w« prepar* you well: refer-
ences. President Jordan or any .-'tanr-jrd. pro-
fessor. PlKlan butldins-. " '"^7", — ~T
\'\ L. H. ORAL*. Ph. D.., Principal.
WfT^n mm^Tf^ BUSINESS COLLEGE.
\u25a0 VYi B I \u25a0!& Shorthand Institute.
11l I *^ "»V^ 723 Market 3t.. S. F.
11l S1 « SSrftk The hlgh-srade school ol
I\u25a0IM I, \ Bfc^B 9. F. Business Traln-
\u25a0 twilHßi »^ a lnar _ Shorthand. Type-
writing. J Positions for graduates. Free catalogue
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles and
little girls. 2126 California street. Will reopen
August 7. 1905. Accredited by tho universities.
MRS. EDWARD B. CHURCH. IT.E.L.. Prlnc'l.
ANDERSON ACADEMY
IRVIXGTOX. CALIFORNIA.
UNSURPASSED.
--.\u25a0-\u25a0"}. \u25a0-\u25a0"} TERM BEGINS AUGUST 18.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY
To secure one month's FREE TUITION In
shorthand. Plttman system; to demonstrate our
method: this offer holds good until August 1.
Western Business College. I2SI Market at.
S. MARGARET'S HALL
Full Academic and College Preparatory
Courses, aa well as thorough Primary Instruc-
tion. Music under the direction of Masters.
Fcr full Illustrated book addre«s Miss ELEA-
NOR TSBIIETT3. Principal. San Mateo. Cat
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
PARTINGTON'S. 424 PINE ST.
Oldest School In America.
New Term Beslns MONDAY, July 31.
DAY. AND EVENING CLASS. * .*.'
flliss West's School for Girls d
2014 Van Ness avanue. opens August 16, 1903. "
Home and Day. School: Kindergarten; accred-
ited by leading colleges.
MARY B. WEST. PrincipaL
MAIVZAMITA HALL
FOR BOYS.'
PALO ALTO. CAL.
Dormitory System ' ldeal. • ,-,.. .
Hi.chGOCk Military Acsdemy
SAN RAFAEL.
Christmas term will commence August 13.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
School Year Begina August lCtn.
Junior School Separate.
ARTHUR . CROSBY. P. D-. Head Master.
HARKER-liUGHES SCHOOL
FOR GIRLS AT PALO ALTO.
College preparatory. Pl«a«ant horn* Ufa.
Music education under a pupil of Calvin B.
Cady. Accredited to Vasaar and Wellwle*.
Opens August 21. 1006. H^ Bryant Street. \u0084
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY- SCHOOL >
San Mateo. Cal. Trinity term will begin Aug.
17. 1905. For cataJoyu* address Rev.'Wllltam
' A. Brewer. A. B-. Rector and Headmaster.
BEAU LIEU
A boarding and day school for girls;' number \u25a0
limited ; 11th year. 2601 College a ye.. Berkeley.
COLLEGE OF DAME,
: SAN JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boarding \u25a0
jtudents. Fifty-fourth year.. Courses; Class-
ical. \u25a0 Literary. Scientific. Conservatory. Cbtleg*
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Prt- '
mary Clase"- Studies resumed Thursday. Au-
! gust 17. 180 S.
I \u25a0 \u25a0 . — i \u25a0
SXELL SEJHXARY. Berkeley. *Cai. C '". ,:
\ 2721 CHANNING WAY. For girls. Cnlver-
' tity preparation and academic courses. . Mt*-
tic art. elocution. Location beautiful. Out-
door Hie. athletics. 26th year. 'For catalogue
i address MRS. EDNA SNELL POULSON or
MISS MARY E. SNELL. ; principals.
DIXOX COLLEGE. Oakland. Cal.
••EDUCATE FOR PROFIT." Speciallata In
Gr#gg Shorthand. Touch Typing. Bookkeeping
Peomanshlp and Pr*paratory Studies. - Life
• Scholar^: j>."*6o: six months. $7,0; one month
" f 10. - Individual Instruction; day aad - night \u25a0'
, Write for , prospectus. _ . , •» _ _ ,•»',!•
THE IPAUI* i GERSON SCHOOL OF "
: ACTING— The largest institution devote-
d inclusively to dramatic learning to Am-p, "
lea. POSITIONS GUARANTEED. pSS
\u25a0»£??- B aitoS- Scad forSWEET SINGER
IS HERE AGAIN
Arthur Cunningham, After a
Successful Season in the
East, Keturns to Tivoli
CAST IN "ROB ROY 57
Barytone Will Appear in
Strong Role and Public
Will Hear Him at His Best
Arthur Cunningham, the famous
barytone, arrived In San Francisco last
night from New York, where he has
been sing-ing with great success and
has won the approval of the Eastern
critics, who declared him to be the best
coxcio operatlo barytone at present be
fore the public. Mr. Cunningham has
been specially engaged by the Tivoli
management for the title role in De
Koven & Smith's romantic comlo opera,
"Rob Roy," which. Is to auoceed
"Ainorita."
The popular barytone Is in splendid
voice and Is pleased that his reappear*
tnce will be la a character which will
give him the fullest opportunity for
the display of his splendid ability.
TRIES TO SHOOT DOO
AND WOUNDS HDISELF
Willows Merchant Receives
Ball Intended for a Noisy
Canine.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
\u25a0WILLOWS, July 6.— -Last night C
Christensen, a local merchant, acci
dentally shot himself with a large cali
ber pistol with which he intended to
kill a dog that was disturbing his
night's repose. He. aimed at the dog
and pulled the trigger, but for some
reason the charge failed to explode. He
went to a lighted room and was exam
ining the weapon when it was dis
charged. The ball entered his mouth
and came out at the upper part of his
forehead. He was found by an em
ploye. The wound is not considered
fatal.
COLOXY OF GERMANS PLANNED
BY A MINISTER OF REDDING
Seventy-Five Families Will Locate on
Two Tracts Across River From
Shasta County Town.
REDDING. July 6. — According to the
plans outlined by Rev. F. C Struck
mier of the German Evangelical Church
here, seventy-five German families will
locate on the Reid and Vanbalvaren
tracts, across the river from this city.
The large tracts have been subdivided
into twenty-acre parcels. A creamery
and large poultry farm will be the fea
tures of the colony. An electric road
runs from Redding through the colony.
SORORITY GIRLS ARE GIVEN
A FAREWELL RECEPTION
Delegates to Annual Conclave of the
Delta lota Chi Complete Busi
ness and Adjourn.
SAX JOSE. July 6.— The Delta lota
Chi Sorority completed its conclave this
morning and adjourned. This after
roon they were the guests of Miss
Frances Schallenberger at her home,
northeast of this city. A" farewell re
ception was tendered the delegates this
evening by Miss Henrietta Wilder at
her home. El Toyon, near Los Gatos.
The affair was In the form of a garden
party.
SLOT MACHINES TABOOED
IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY
SAN* JOSE. July 6.— A1l the slot ma
chines in San Jose and throughout the
county, except In a few towns that have
not bs yet adopted prohibitive or
dinances, are closed. The ordinances
passed by the San Jo ( se Common Coun
cil and the County Board of Supervisors
are now in effect and in this city alone
21.2 machines are out of business. The
licenses for these gave the city an an
nual Income of 51 6.000.
WOMAN'S FLEETNESS OF FOOT
SPOILS PLANS OF ROBBERS
SAN JOSE. July 6.— Mrs. J. H. Arling
ton, who resides on Polhemus street,
•was held up last night near her home
by three men. They grabbed hold of
her and demanded her money. She
shook herself free of the men and ran
away. The men pursued her almost to
her door. Her cries frightened the
footpads away.
*; DR. PEERCE'S RKMEDIES.
\u25a0 \TL7 WW W r \ * V
M J tun JC v y# j sv/\ ?
That's the personal question a woman
asks herself when she reads of the cures
of womanly diseases by the use of Dr.
Plerce's Favqrite Prescription.
Why shouldn't It cure her?
Is It a complicated case? Thousands
of such cases have been cured by "Fa-
vorite . Prescription.'' 4 I» it a condition
which local doctors have declared In-
curable ? Among the hundreds of thou-
sands of sick women cured by the use of
Dr. Plerce'B Favorite Prescription there
are a great many who were pronounced
Incurable by local doctors. Wonders
have been worked by "Favorite Pre-
scription" In the cure of Irregularity,
weakening drains. Inflammation, ulcera-
tion and female weakness. It always
helps. It almost always cures.
"I commenced t*klmr your medicine. 'Fa-
rorlt* Pre»crlDtlon.' nearly a year ago for
chronic Inflammation of tromb. and can truly
B^y 't Is the only thins- that ever did- me any
food." writes Mrs. L. C. Wa«ner. of 125 Edwin
Street. Toronto. Ontario. Canada. *' I could
not walk any distance before uslnt It. After
ttklnc six bottles of your * Farortte Pre-
tcriDtion ! I find I can w&lk #"ltbout difficulty
and em freatly benefited In reneral health.
Would advise all sufferinr women to use Dr.
Fierce* medicine."
iE** vercc* These are the Original Little
Uver PJU *. first put up orer
Ke\\e\» 40 ye*" am>, by old Dr. B. V.
, , Pierce. They've been much
Imitated trat never equaled. Smallest, easi-
est to take and best. They're tiny, svgtx-
coated. anti-bilious crannies, a compound of
ref oed and concentrated vegetable extracts.
Without disturbance or trouble, constipa-
tion, indigestion, billons attacks, sick and
billons headaches, and all derangement* of
the liver, stomach, and bowels are prevented,
relieved, and cured. Permanently cured, too.
By their mild and natural action, these little
Pellets rently lead the system into natural
wayi again. Their influence last*.
POPULAR BARTTOXD. WHO RE
TURNS FROM NEW TORK TO
6INO AT THE TTVOLI.
WILL ADDRESS
THE EDUCATORS
President Eooserelt Plans
Flying Trip to the Conven
tion at Asbury • Park
ASBURY PARK, N. J., July 6,-Presl
dent Roosevelt's flying trip here to mor
row, when he will deliver two addresses,
will bring to a close the annual conven
tion of the National Educational Asso
ciation. The first address of the Presi
dent will be at the Auditorium and the
second at the beach front. Officers were
elected to-day and directors from the
different States chosen.
There was a slight stir at the meeting
of the National Council over the adoption
of the directors* report relative to re
incorporatlon. The original incorporation
as a national body was for a period of
twenty years, and the association by
limitation will cease to' exist January 26
next. The directors expect special laws
to be passed by Congress and reported
in favor of taking advantage ' of them
and forming a new organization .to suc
ceed and continue the present one. When
the report came up for adoption. Miss
Margaret Haley of Chicago objected to
the approval of the plan. She charged
that the report was a plan to turn over
to a corporation not yet formed the
rights and property of the association.
President Maxwell ruled her out of
order. Miss Haley appealed to the meet
ing from the president's ruling, but failed
to have her appeal sustained. She then
announced she had power of attorney
from a large number of members and
would make a fight in the courts against
the plans. The report was adopted, " but
Miss Haley continued to speak and the
meeting was in an uproar when some one
moved to adjourn. This was carried.
The officers of the association chosen
to-day were:
President, Nathan C. Shaeffer of
Pennsylvania; vice presidents, William
H. Maxwell of New York, Miss N. Crop
sey of Indiana, J. H. Hineman of Arkan
sas, Edward Svaught of Oklahoma, John
H. Rlggs of lowa, Joseph O'Connor of
California, D. B. Johnson of South Caro
lina, J. A. Shawan of Ohio, H. O. Wheel
er of Vermont. J. Y. Joyner of, North
Carolina, J. W. Spindler of Kansas, J.
Stanley Brown of Illinois; treasurer, J.
M. Wilkinson of Kansas; secretary, Ir
win Shepard of Minnesota.
The directors chosen include: Arizona,
A. J. Matthews: Utah, D. H. Cnrlsten
sen.
Mrs. Emily Williamson, president of the
New Jersey State Charities Aid Associa
tion, made an order to donate two prizes,
one for $200 and the other for $100 for
the best and second best form of report
for use in the work of child savings and
probation. The association declined the
offer on the ground that it was contrary
to Its principles.
APPELLATE COURT DENIES
HARRINGTON A COM3IISSION
Itef n«e« to Compel Pardee to Appoint
Colonel Director of ' Home 7 for
the Feeble Minded.
SACRAMENTO. July 6.— The Third
Dlsttict Court of Appeals to-day hand
ed-down an opinion in favor of Gov
ernor George C. Pardee. Suit had been
brought In the Superior Court of this
county for a writ of mandate to com
pel the Governor to issue a commission
to Colonel John T. Harrington as a
Trustee of the California Home for
Feeble-minded Children. Governor H.
T. Gage had previously »ent Harring
ton's nomination to the Senate, which
approved It, but he failed to issue. the
commission. The Superior Court gave
a decision against Harrington, and he
appealed.
BIG Fut£ IN FOLSOM.
Flames Destroy Power .., Company's
' Poles and Shut Oft Current.
SACRAMENTO, July 6.— At 9:15 to
night a flre* occurred in Folsom's
Chinatown which destroyed several of
the poles carrying the < cables of the
Folsom Electric Power and Light Com
pany. When the poles fell the cables
were burned off and this at once ; cut
off all the power going to Sacramento
and outside places. '
SACRAMENTO, July 6.— At this
point all communication with Folsom
by telegraph and telephone was shut
off and no further particulars .. could
be obtained. There was a rumor that
the power house of the electric com
pany 1 had been burned, but it is dis
credited. The street cars here" were
stopped, for two hours until power 'was
Ewltched In from the Yuba system.
LEWISTOX, Idaho, July «.— Fire which
started in tlie Idtchea of the Owl Cafe to-day
destroyed a cumber of building* in the business
section. .' ,* . ;, •..;,..\u25a0 :->: ->
TIIE SANr FRANCISCO C ALU; FRIDAY; JULY •7, 1905;
FIGHT BURNING
OIL FOR HOURS
Army of Men Battle With
Flames That Threaten De
struction of Two Big^VVelis
LOSS IS TORY HEAVY
Boy With Cigarette Cause
of Blaze That Destroys
Property Worth $500,000
Spcolal Dispatch to Tb« Call.
SANTA BARBARA, July 6. — Sinoß
8:30 o'clock this morning the fiercest
and most terrible of oil fires in- the
history of the State has been raging in
and around Hartnell well No. 2, be
longing to the Union Oil Company, and
which has been flowing 2000"* barrels
a day. All the maoninery, houses, der
ricks , and everything consumable | has
been destroyed. The loss is more than
J500.00U.
The lire was due to the act Of a boy
lighting a cigarette in the tank house
near the well. There was an explosion
and in a moment the place was in
flames. The well has been flowing 2000
barrels of oil a day and the ground' is
saturated with oil for a considerable
distance around the well. In a few
moments the flames had covered the
slight distance between the tankhouae
and the- well and with a roar that could
be heard for a considerable distance
the well was on fire.
As quickly as possible the alarm was
given, though it was scarcely neces
sary, for the flames' which shot into
the «ky told their own story.
In a wonderfully brief space of time
every able-bodied man in the field was
on the scene ready to do "what he could
to check or extinguish the flames. But
quick as the men were, the flames were
quicker, and in a few moments they
had licked away everything in the im
mediate vicinity.
The engine-house, tankhouse, der
ricks, machinery and all the buildings
near the well were destroyed in an
amazingly short time. The heat was
terrific and made It impossible. for the
flre fighters to do very effective work
on the well Itself, but they succeeded
in preventing the flames from spread
ing too rapidly after the most heroic
efforts. The flre was fought with
steam, which is recognized as the most
effective method in such cases. It was
with great difficulty that steam pipes
were run into the well.
From tho beginning of the fire the
greatest fear was felt lest the flames
should reach well No. 2, which 13 con
sidered tho greatest gusher of oil in
the world to-day. The distance between
wells No. 1 and No. 2 is about a quar
ter of a mile, but the ground is pretty
well- soaked with oil. the flre fighters
therefore making their stand on this
Intervening space. The fire is now
thoroughly under control. :. r "
FIERCE FOREST FIRES.
Flames Destroy Valuable Timber : and
Vegetation Near Ben JLomond.
SANTA CRUZ, July 6.— Timber fires
have been raging in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, above Ben Lomond, since
Sunday. Several •'• ranches have been
donuded of vegetation and hundreds of
cords of wood and shingle bolts have
been burned, as well as much virgin
timber. The flre Ms supposed 'to have
started In a sawdust pile at the Newell
Creek mill. Postmaster Nicholson's
lower ranch, near Ben Lomond, was
severely damaged and it was only
through the heroic efforts of the fire
fighters that several other ranches .were
saved. The summer home of Dr. Kear
ney of -San Francisco narrowly escaped
destruction. < ; .:
Ranchers are offering from $5 to $10
a day in Boulder Creek and Ben Lo
mond for men to fight the .fires. The
fire is now under partial control and
the ranchers expect to prevent it from
spreading any farther during the night.
GRAIN IS DESTROYED.
Flre Attacks Ranchers South of the
Garden City. ?'r«-£
SAN JOSE, July 6. — A large flre is
burning over the grain and wheat
fields between Evergreen and Coyote,
twelve miles south of this city. Al
ready an area one mile wide and seven
miles long has" been burned, and the
flames are still spreading. : Six hundred
acres on the Toney Ranch have been
burned and 100 tons of hay destroyed.
More than 1000 acres of. fine pasture
on the Webber, Fisher and the Miller
ranches have been burned. The flre
started near the Quicksilver mine at
Silver Creek from an abandoned camp
fire. An' army of; men and boys Is
fighting the flames and backfiring
where possible.
EIGHT HOMES BURNED.
Redding; Visited by Flre That Causes
Loss of $20,000.
REDDING, July 10.— Fire this after
noon destroyed eight cottages In Tellu
rium avenue, causing a loss of $20,000.
The blaze was caused by a defective
flue in the home of Harry Durf or. A
strong north wind was blowing and
for a time the entire northern part: of
the town was threatened. Three fire
men were overcome while fighting the
flames. Mrs. A. E.Kesler, John White,
George Brouillard, Harry Durfor, E.
Turhbull and S. Beeves owned the prop
erty . destroyed. Embers . were blown
several blocks and several other houses
caught fire. '
SAVED FROM FLAMES.
Invalid Carried From Burning Home
In Mck of Time.
SAN JOSE, July 6.— The explosion of
a gasoline store caused a lire in the
residence of H. C. Classen at 48 North
Eighth street this afternoon. The loss
is about $1000. Mrs. Classen has been
sick for some time and it was with dif
ficulty, that she was taken from the
building. .There was an '-. insurance, of
$400 on the plaoe. The residence of R.
B. Roberts, next door, was slightly
damaged. . ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 '
FIGHT FIRE ALL NIGHT.
Employes ; . of Povrer : Company. .Win
Battle With Flames.
BAKERSFIELD.v JuIy; 6.— News was
received "here this "ft afternoon ' < that "\u25a0 a 1a 1
fierce \ forest^ fire 1 had ; ; been j raging s all
night a • f ew : miles above the power de
velopment, company's powerhouse V-: at
the ; mouth ' ; of ,. the ' Kern. River. % Several
thousand: acres} of ,| feed have "been - de
stroyed.*? Employes of .the Edison" Power
Company •' f romV camps .: I ; and 'ji 2 \u25a0\u25a0were
out ; all j night \u25a0 fighting ; the fire' and at
10 ? o'clock s this .; morning the blaze' was
under 'control. ;
Is the basis of Interna
tional - peace": and • the proper - manner > In'
which Lto - settle \u25a0 all ; differences, but the
Rainier men refused to: arbitrates \u25a0 •
PARIS, July - o.— Thunderstorm* with ni v
of unusual • violence, accompanied » by ' hail
stones, hay» vUl ted Northern " and t,• Central
France. Two men r wnre killed .at Angers,
where rreat damage waa done ;. to • the ; crops.
N«ar^Orleans eighty, houses .were raz«d.»; ...-,
J ul y S p ec i ais f o r Yo u r Va c a t io n
During July we arc going to offer specials at prices 7/
that will make you think of us when you are in need I'l
They are going to be something more than / / (yo*Z*&*
"specials" in name only. Good dependable merchan- % J4 MfitMi.
disc will be reduced in prices as much as fifty per S^^SJ^M J§ildu4sb>^ *
Some of these specials will be announced in the a Jfe .iSpy^ «I^^§iBgf^
newspapers. Where quantities are. limited we will 1 1^ WfiMt *Jp S^^^^^^l^^^^
only make a window display. So keep your eye on . II *\Jsm /? /U/iO^l JjfcSl f&iSlSly^
our windows. You will find just what you want at a __ t^^^'W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
price far below what you would ordinarily pay. iiT^^^^Sm V f/-s^Bl?^^^^^S^/ •. ..
If ready for your vacation outfit just note the specials J&'^^^^S^^^ t^
HO Oiiting Suits for H. 95 I { ifl^B illiiir **
All our outing suits which formerly sold at $10, $8.50 and $6.50 j I £ Pliliilliilfiil
will be closed out now for $4.95. They are two-piece garments — // i-]L^£j( M-figfil ffl^lß gfe%lP>l
coat and pants only — in light-weight crashes and homespuns in M \i?sjM r'^flllfl l^isf tHHIIJI •
The picture of the man to the right shows one of these outings // i i|||| \^j§||[ \' r -'§MB§
suits at $4.95 and also a wash vest which we are selling for $1.00. / / l^^a >^*^^a Ullilif »Ml|tl ' 1
$ 5 Outing Pants for $ 2.85 I M§ ISf
We are going to close out all our outing pants for $2.85. The '^^^^~-^\ \?^~~ i|ffigjiniffi'^^jgffi M^§gs**~~^-j»M. *
former prices were $5.00, $4.50, $4.00 and $3.50. We picture the pants p-= — fSiiJr^
on the man to the left. Buy a couple of pairs for your outing trip. *^^^Z**&.\\ £3?* <^^ff"' iiajSPflra
Boys' Wash Suits for 45c l t^jctL-^ J „\u25a0 \u25a0 imi \u25a0 4Wj *"^
What better suit would you want for a healthy romping boy than f^^^j^^j^'T^Pf' 1^^ 5^* T '
a wash suit which can be easily laundered? We will close out a '/ /// U ' f- j ~~^lL \ \ \
line of wash suits — ages 5, 6, 7 and 8 years only — for 45c. ; If * / '"* Jfr
On sale at 740 Market street store only. \\ r
Specials m Men's Hats and Furnishings
Duck pants of linen fully shrunk, cut like trousers not like overalls. Light-weight straw hats, yacht shapes, as pictured above, cool and
$1.00. a pair. iVn^i- comfortable, light as a feather, regularly $1.50, now Ssc.
Khaki pants— just the thing for rough wear in the country— sl.so These Hats Ot 85C On Sale in both Stores. The
leggins strong and durable," 7* _ A | fc following are On Sale at
50c a pair.s C* T-vf IA/AADi W f^\ 740 Market street store
Negligee shirts regularly 75c, spe- 98 II B A\ I S \u25a0 Only.
cial now at 45c. >; : W/^ 'UW " " I*T QJ 1 %Jf Men's, boys' and ladies' cowboy
Above On Sale at both 1 F. W * . " \u25a0\u25a0* Vj^ hats, $1.00. Leather straps for wear
, x . c TTTI . , ,_. • \u0084 \u0084 _, . . with cowboy hats, 2oc.
Stores. Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing Men . s Ua J en and crash outing hats>
Wash vests, regular $2.00 value for *I*«m»^ I «»•*««•«« C*.**m.#*m formerly 50c, now 25c.
$1.00. On Sale at IWO.LaTgC vjIOI6S Boys' Mexican straw sombreros,
740 Market street only. Corner Powell and Ellis and 740 Market Street Boys' khakthats, 25c.
PREFERS DEATH
TO STARVATION
Miner Pinned to Earth by
Tree He Had Felled Cuts
Throat With a Caseknif c
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, July 6. — Pinned to the
ground by a huge tree which had fallen
upon him while he was digging a ditch
far up in .the mountains near. Rose
burg, Or., Eli Miller, an aged miner,
cut his throat with a.caseknife rather
than face inevitable starvation. Be
side the body, for at least ten days the
miner's dog kept lonely vigil, .and
though nearly starved to. death,' for . a
while kept searchers away, from ;his
master's body. ,
From a diary found in Miller'^coat
pocket It was determined: that. he was
hurt on June 25. When the big stump
fell in . the ditch the miner's leg was
smashed to a Jelly. He. had worked
with a grubbing hoe in an , endeavor t&
free himself, and falling, had evidently
ommltted suicide in despair, efts he was
so far off the road that aid- could not
be expected for a long time.
TAKES CHLOEOFOKM
AND TURNS ON GAS
Despondent Painter Makes a
Desperate Attempt to
End His Life. :
. NAPA, July 6.— Henry Focht, a painter,
about 28 years of age,, attempted to com
mit suicide • to-day Mh his "room by
taking chloroform and : then , gas. , He re
cently 'came -to :Napa' with * his wife and
child 'and had become despondent and
morose because -of lack of ; work. Focht
went to his \u25a0 room \u25a0 while, his wife was | In
another part of the house and took about
three ounces of : chloroform. Seeing that
the people who owned the house were out
of the building he then: went to. the
kitchen and turned on the gas in a gas
range after placing, v a sheet over his
head. "When found In | the kitchen Focht
was unconscious and it, was only. by/hard
work. that the physician managed to save
hls-life. .; \u25a0 . .\u25a0.'•\u25a0.-; : , : -'Z^sJA' ' \u25a0 -
MEXICAN. USES, BIG KNIFE
AND SERIOtJSLViCtrTS TWO; MEN
Drunken - Man *la Cause ' of ; a Quarrel
That End* In «i "Stabbln*
. -r vAffray.' /•.:'•; '
SAN BERNARDINO/- July;j6.— V. B.
Jones , J.\ C. >Boren ,were Jatabbed 'in
the {. i and V s seriously < woundod
this afternoon by "aiiiunknown \u25a0Mexican,
whot. escaped. ,^VA' r ; teamster, ;was 'i giving
a drunken .' Mexican', a ; ride.^ when " the
inebriate ; rolled; off O.the\wa"gon. ., The
strange- Mexicanr took jup" the -quarrel
with :; the \u25a0: teamster,,' and ;.when \u25a0 Jones and
Boren , interfered *he \ stabbed \ both ; Vof
themlwlthla'b* "knifed • "• ;.'*\u25a0•\u25a0
felon: driven^ from woods
by hunger lis \ recaptured
One of \ the EUicap'ei :Frbm . McXetPu Isl-
and Prison la . In Custody.
\TACOMA, j July.\ 6.'---Ed '>. Stickhey.t one ;
of the escaped ft Federal ; convicts, was
captured \ while ; coming.: from -Point ] De- I
fiance' : Park 1 to'jTacoma. 1 He ' J had \been'
in the park , three 'days \u25a0 and iwas '- nearly,
starved. /; He) refuses to ; state;s tate ; where he .
left.bis companions. :' •;•;*_ t -.;_ . :.,
GIRL OF ELEVEN
LITTLE HEROINE
Daughter "of a Healdsburg
Dentist Saves Her Brothers
From Awful Death by Fire
HEALDSBURG, July 6.— At a late hour
last night the residence of Dr. H. G.
Hewitt, a prominent dentist of this city,
was destroyed by fire. When the flre was
discovered only the three children of Dr.
Hewitt were in the house, their parents
being at lodge. :. ; ; :v: v
The children retired about 9 o'clock.
About an hour later one of them, a little
girl only 11 years old, was aroused by a
crackling noise and a bright light in her
room. She was appalled to find the room
filled with smoke and the ceiling aflre.
Immediately she grabbed her sleeping in
fant brotherifrom the bed and groped her
way to her brother Arthur's apartments.
After awakening him she led both the
children from - t the burning building to a
place of safety.
I A south wind fanned the flames and the
building, "was Boon demolished. Two valu
able • stallions and jewelry , besides some
household goods were saved by the time
ly aid of neighbors. Dr. Hewitt estimates
his loss at more than $4000.
CANADIAN PACIFIC ROAD
PIiANS EXTENSION OF XINE
Will Also Mnkean Endeavor to Locate
and Clean ITp Vancouver** Agrrl
cultnrnl Landau
; VICTORIA, B. C July -6. — The
Canadian: Pacific Railroad, which re
cently V purchased the • Esquimau and
Nanalmo railway system between Vic
toria'and .Welllngrton,* to-day announced
that survey parties would at once be
placed in the field looking to the "ex
tension : of the" line to ' the north end
of" Vancouver Island. J. S. Dennis,
land commissioner of the Canadian Pa
cific 5 Railroad Company, • said j survey
parties would also be sent to locate the
agricultural lands of Vancouver Island,
clear them and make them ready to be'
placed on the market. .
CAIiIFORNIA WOMAN PLEASES
Wmi HElt WOJTDEHFUL VOICE
Grace Morrt Uiokman Mnklne Trans-
continental 'Tour* With' Clarence
,\u25a0' -: '4:}.i Eddy, Famous Orjranlat. '-
; .\u25a0 LOS ANGELES, July 6.— Grace . Morel
Dlckman, a California .woman -who is
making a transcontinental tour with
Clarence . Eddy, the H famous ;organlst,
sangon Monday evening at the, dedica-.
tlon ;\u25a0 of .the great organ at Venice. 5 Mrs.
Dickrnani la one of tne .greatest' con
tralto: soloists in the' conntry. " Jullanl
of Paris and Randegger of London were
among her : masters. • \u25a0
WILL SERVE 'TWELVE YEARS ,
IN PRISON" FOR KILLING MAN
C. \u25a0 R. Mains, " Who Murdered Quarry
: '\u25a0'. Company ' Stockholder \u25a0In Alnska,
•\u25a0\u25a0\ "",""'" "Taken "to -BloNell'a Island.'
\u25a0SEATTLE, J; July l^ 6.— -Charles : R.
Malns,V conVicte'd at Ketchikan. Alaska,
under: the; name; of -Robert * Ball;': of the
murder; of -.William"; Deppe.'was brought
to s SeattleTto-day^ and j later :• was I taken
to ; the 1 Federal \ prison ': on \u25a0 McNeil's ; Isl
and ; to : serve ;a' ; twelve,, years'; sentence.'
Thei killing "of ;. Deppe i grew^ out- of a
quarrelKbetween's; stockholders - : . in a
marble Quarry on Fox Island.: \u25a0 .
PARIS, V July a—The i late ; Baron j Alphonw
de Koth«chlld left *600, 000 to be expended in
charities * of ' various kinds without distinction
«!' religion. " ' ' ~Z'%£¥^. '.' \u25a0•"*\u25a0.
PEOLICSOME BAEBEE
DIES BEAED PUKPLE
Owner of Whiskers Fails to
Kelish Joke and Causes \u2666
His Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, July 6.— "When Albert
Katze of Chicago reached Portland this
morning to see the fair he possessed a
long gray mustache, in conjunction
with gray eyebrows and hair of the
same shade. When he got out of a
barber chair on North Sixth street a
short time thereafter he looked as if
he had escaped from the funny page of
a Sunday supplement. His beard was
a deep purple. To add to his anger the
barber insisted on $3 85 for services
rendered. This is the tale Katze told
the police and the man of the shears
was at once arrested. In the room of
Frank Hennessy, clerk of the court,
Katze tried hard to wash the dye off
his mustache. The effort was a failure.
WILL LAY RAILS DESPITE
MANDATE OF THE COURT
•
Big Bend Lumber Company Prepares to
Place Track on Disputed Red
ding; Street.
• REDDING. July. 6. — Notwithstanding
an ' injunction, the Big Bend Lumber
Company will begin next week the
work of laying a railroad track on
Trinity street. Trouble is expected.
15 CENTS PER COPY. $1.50 PER YEAR.
OVERLAND
MONTHLY
July, 1905
AN ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE OF THE WEST
CONTENTS:
Canoeing Through Southeastern Alaska.. By Laura W. Maxwell •
Electricity as Applied to Agriculture..By L. Ramakers . . . :
What Matters It?. ..By Eleanore F. Lewys. ..." -
Epic of the Oak, The........ By Ray E. Chase
Nobler Part, The. ........ '. .'*.... By ! Florence Rosina Keene ,
Passing of the Spanish in California, s The.. By Dolores Estrada
On a Lumber Schooner ....... . ...By Margaret Troli
Woman/Her Part in the World's Progress..By Austin Lewis
Asiatic Giant, The... ..... .'. .By Thomas B. Wilson i.
Lay Sermon on Immortality, A...... 8y Armond Layman.... i
North Countrie, The.......... .By Nellie Rickey
At Parting By Stanley C0ghi11...........
- Crows of Ensenada, The 1 By Virginia Garland .................
World, The . . . . . .". . .". ..By Sadie Bowman Metcalf.
Intrigues of a Modern Uriah Heap, The.. By John F. Hanlon
Legend of! Gold, A.. r... ....... .By Laura Alton Payne... •
Claim in the Wilderness, .The .*. : .... .By Alex. R. Schmidt
Miniature Lakes of the Sierra Nevada . . By Marion Randall
Curious Facts About C0rk.......... By J.M.Scanland....:
.White Moose, The..................8y Jean X. Bonneau
Editorial Opinion -••
After Every 5t0rm. .............. ..8y Aloysius C 011....... ..„
With the New 800k5. ... ........ ... .By Armond ..^.V
Possibilities of Astoria, The. . ...... ..8y Mark Sullivan.. ...••.,»
: Home-Makers' Eldorado, The........ By (Frederick Alfred Marriott... t ,***
OF ALL NEWSDEALERS.
BIG/LTJttEBEK CONTKACT
AEOUSES THE DEALERS
Order for 400,000 Ties for
California Eailrpad En
livens Industry.
Ssedal Dispatch to The CaTl.
TACOMA. July 6. — The fact that a
railroad company operating In Califor
nia and believed to be the Santa Fe is
placing orders In this State and Oregon
has caused a lively stir among: the lum
bermen, who would like to land one of
the contracts. It is one of the largest
orders of this kind ever placed on the
coast. It calls for 400.000 ties and will
consume 16,800,000 feet of lumber.
The lumber trade on Pug et ' Sound
has livened up considerably aa a re
sult of the strong Eastern demand for
"Washington flr. Representatives from
Eastern firms are arriving every day
and dealers are active In corrallng
them. The scarcity of yellow pine and
increased prices for that lumber have
also combined to bring many of these
men to Washington.
William A. Wnecloek Dead.
NEWTORK. July «.— William A.
"Wheelock, president of the Council of
New York University, died to-day.
NEW YORK. July ft. — It ia announced that
Albert T. Patrick, who la aw&ltlsc execution
for th« murder of William Marsh Rice, tao
Texas multl-mllllonaire, has instructed his
counsel. David B. Hill, to take his caje to
the United States Susrem* Court.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
BOARD CREATES
PARK BUREAU
Mayor Mott Inaugurates a
Plan for Improvement
;of the Public Grounds
vt
NEW ERA IN OAKLAND
Force of Employes Under
Superintendent Lamond to
Be Set at Work at Once
OAKLAND, July 6.— The Department of
Public Parks was created to-day by the
Board of Public Works in furtherance of
the comprehensive plan of Mayor Mott to
establish a systematic method of im
provement of the plazas, squares and
perks owned by the city.
This bureau will be under charge of
Malcolm Lamond, head gardener, who
has had the handling of the city's hot
bouses and oonsevatory at Adams Park.
Lflmond will operate under direct control
of the Board of Public Work?, and will
have all of the park gardeners in the
city on his staff. This force will be as
signed to work in tlie various parks that
have not been improved, notably the
XTest Oakland Park. Bushrod Park and
Independence Square, together with a
Olimber of smaller plats that have been
t»gleeted for many years because of lack
ot appropriation and system.
*The new department has been taken
d£f of the hands of Superintendent of
Greets Ott to give that official more
t^me to devote to street work. In ex
planation of the change, the Mayor said:
\u2666 "We have created this department in
order to get something done with our
parks. For years the parks have been
ttfe-d simply to give posilions to men as
political rewards. We feel that this force
can be employed to good advantage on
<fur unimproved properties, at the same
time not neglecting the improved plazas.
Mr. Lanjond, who has been appointed su
perintendent, will plan and carry out,*lie
Improvements as rapidly as he can. In
a phort time the city will have a force
of men organized to , push forward thi?
long-neglected work."
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES
BUSY IX OAKLAND
Officers of Organization Are
Kept Active Investigating
Many Cases Reported.
OAKLAND, July C.-The regular
monthly report of the Associated Chari
ties shows that the month of June has
been the busiest of the present year, 270
cases having been investigated by the of
ficers of the association. Three secretar
ies have been on duty at the offices of
the organization, and these have received
«"> calls at the headquarters and have
made 374 visits in the course of their in
vefctiration of cases reported to the as
sociation. They have also written 115
letters.
.Emergency relief has been furnished in
twenty-two cases, the services of phy
sicians secured in nine cases, and five pa
ttents were sent to Hospitals. Seven per
sons were placed in institutions other
than hospitals, twenty-four cases were
reported to other societies or individuals
for co-operation, and transportation was
secured for three persons.
\u25a0The investigation of sixty-two cases
of persons who had applied to the
Board of Supervisors for outdoor re-
Ifef was completed, aid being recom
mended in thirty-two of these, while
the association advised that twenty-four
be dropped from the indigent roll.
The cases of fifty-six children were
taken up in the name of the Society for
the Prevention/ of Cruelty to Children.
Temporary employment was fo-und for
fpurteen persons, and permanent em
ployment for four. Family homes were
secured In three cases.
ACCUSED OF COUNTCIIFEITIXG.
. OAKLAND, July 6. — Walter H. de
Carlo, alleged to be an old offender, is
in the County Jail awaiting trial in the
United States courts .for passing a
bogus $5 piece on Charles Ruff at Mc-
Cloud, a lumber camp of Siskiyou
County. The accused man, who was
brought from . the north last evening
by Deputy United States Marshals
Dryden and Dingley, denies that he
had ever before been arrested and de
clares that he is the victim of a plot
arranged by the proprietors of a dance
Hall tn the northern town. He "says
he grave the woman $5 to pay for
drinks; that she left the resort osten
sibly for change, and when she re
turned declared the «Cln bogus, where
upon Ruff caused his arrest.
HIUVOS THOHXLESS CACTI.
BERKELEY, July C. — A systematic
attempt to introduce varieties of thorn
less cacti into California is to be made
by David Griffiths, assistant agrostolo
jnst In range Investigations for the
United States Department of Agricul
ture, who arrived at the university to
day from Washington. Mr. Griffiths
has a large collection of specimens of
thornless cacti, which he will distribute
to the agricultural stations of the Gov
ernment throughout the 'country, ' and
many of the specimens will be used at
California stations. . Tha results will
be used by th*? Washington authorities
In determining what points to utilize
in propagating tho cacti.
WAVT UA.RGI2R CL.UBKOOMS.
OAKLAND, July 6. — A steady in
crease in the membership of the
Dcutschcr Klub, the leading social or
ganization of the local German colony,
has made It necessary for the club to
secure more spacious quarters than
those now occupied by the organiza
tion, which are located at the corner of
Erpadway and Eleventh street
One of the objects of the securing of
larger Qaarters for the club is to af
ford .opportunity for the feminine rela
tives of the members to enjoy the hos
pitality of the organization, which, be
cause, of tha present confined 'quarters,
they are now unable to do.
SOCIALIST ORATOR f*V COURT.
OAKLAND. July «.—J. B. Osbomo, a
Socialist orator, was before Justice of
the Peace W. R. Geary to-day on a
• charge.of speaking on the public streets
within the fire limits without a per
mit from the Mayor and Chief of Police.
Th« -Socialists announce their purpose
to test the law. Osborne'e ease was
continued one day. Mayor Mott has
paid h« is not opposed to uae of the
streets under proper conditions as public
forums,' but he has not decided finally
as >to -the permits that shall *be Issued.
MORTGAGE FORECLOSED.— OakIand. July
6.-*Jodgmeat by default hae breo renflerea In
favor of D. C. Kennedy by George C. Parkerto
foreclose a mortsaf c tea piopertjr 1n Morao
VaJlcjr valued at 16500. fii Jt£#&im&VM
WOMAN FIGHTS FLAMES
WITH GARDEN HOSE
Mrs. Shaplin Earns
the Title of
Heroine.
Saves the Home of
a Neighbor by
Brave Act.
BERKELEY, July 6,— Hoping to save
the house of her neighbor. Mrs. C. R.
Whitman, from destruction by fire last
night, Mrs. Lutie. Shaplin, whose home
adjoins Mrs. Whitman's, at 1926 Louisa
street, climbed unaided to the roof of
the burning dwelling, directed a
youngster On the ground to throw up
the garden hose to her, and then dis
carded her skirt and bodice to lessen
the danger of being burned herself.
Thus scantily arrayed, the intrepid
woman stood upon the roof of the
burning structure aird, with the hose,
threw a stream of water upon the
names, remaining: until all danger, of
the liouse being destroyed was over. It
was necessary for Mr 3. Shaplin to tear
away the shingles on ttie roof with her
own hands in different spots in cttder
to send the water down to where the
tire had spread in the rafters of the
dwelling. She did not hesitate at any
stage of the proceedings, either In the
daring- climb to the roof by way of a
rear porch, or when her white hands
were blistered and blackened by the
smoking shingles which \u25a0 she pulled
from the roof. The casting off of the
skirt and waist disconcerted her for a
few moment*, as she admitted after
her daring; exploit was concluded, but
when it became apparent that such an
unusual measure was demanded by the
peculiar situation she hesitated no
longer and so the unique performance
was rounded out with true melodra
matic flavor.
The turning building belonged to
Mrs. Whitman, who is an invalid, sub
ject to attacks of heart failure. Mrs.
Whitman aat on tue porch of her home
throughout the r.ffair and did not know
until all was over what had taken
place. It was to save Mrs. Whitman
from the shock which the coming: of
the fire department would nave
brought that Mrs. bnaplin decided to
try to extinguish the blaze herself in
stead of calling in the paid firefight
ers. When Mrs. Whitman learned of
her neighbor's exploit she fainted -and
has since suffered from the shock so
poignantly that a physician's care has
been necessary.
Mrs. Shaplin scouts the idea that she
has done anything ' remarkable when
friends congratulate her upon the dar
ing- and nerve displayed. Except for
a few minor burns and the strain her
arms were put to in climbing to the
roof Mrs. Shaplin was not injured.
IXDOKSE OPENING OF
WASHINGTON STEEET
Central Improvement Club
to Circulate Petition to
the Council.
OAKLAND, July 6,— Public sentiment in
favor of the opening of Washington
street from Fourteenth street to San Pablo
avenue is daily growing stronger. Dur
ing the last week a large number ot
prominent Broadway and San Pablo
avenue merchants have expressed them
selves in favor of the proposed improve
ment. The members of the Central Im
provement Club, by whom the movement
for the continuation of the thoroughfare
to San Pablo avenue was first set on foot,
held a meeting this morning and adopted
resolutions authorizing the secretary to
circulate a petition requesting the City
Council to take such eteps as shall *be
necessary to insure the opening of the
street as early as possible.
The property owners who must stand
the expense of opening the street hay«
nearly all expressed their willingness to
bear their full share. The members of
the improvement club are satisfied that
there will be but little opposition to" the
proposed improvement, once the matter
is taken up by the City Council.
ALLEGES HUSIIAMI IIKAT HER.
OAKLAND, July C; — Mrs. Leah Moore
to-day began suit against George
Moore for a divorce. Tney were mar
ried five years ago and have three chil
dren. Mrs. Moore alleges that her hus
band beat her upon divers occasions.
Once, she says, he dragged her about
the room by the hair< cursing her the
while, and upon another occasion he
beat her until neighbors were attract
ed by her screams and compelled him
to desist by kicking him out of their
house at 1222 Thirtieth street. She
says her husjjand is employed by
Harry G. -Williams, a coal dealer, and
receives 815 a week.
Superior Judge Ogden to-day grant
ed an In^rlocutory decree of divorce
to Agnes Marcovich from John J. Mar
'covich. one of the proprietors of th«
Gas Kitchen. Marcovich is charged
with desertion. Mrs. Marcovich is al
lowed to resume her maiden name.
Agnes Toomey. ]
F. C. Rorabeck haa been granted an
interlocutory decree of dh-orce from
Ada S. Rorabecft on the ground of de
sertion.
Elizabeth V. Carroll nas begun a suit
for divorce from John Carroll, on the
ground 6t failure to provide. ; They
were married October 30. 1899. in San
Francisco. "V*-^ * ' >
Final decrees v of divorce , have .been
granted to , Hannah Hof tnann . from
:Frank Hof mann' and Jane M. * Warner
from James Warner- on the ground . of
desertion. Mrs. Hof mann is allowed
to resume her maiden name of Hannah
Nunan.
CONTRACTOR DROWNED*.
OAKLAND, July 6.— The body "of John
Loose, SB years old, a bricklayer and
contractor, was found, this afternoon in
Alameda Creek, one jand one-half miles
east of Fernbrodk Park. The "body had
been in the water about two days. Dep
uty Coroner Francis of Centerville took
charge of it.
AL.LI3GED FORGER ARRESTED.
RICHMOND. July 6. — A man giving
the' name of Ralph Woods, .but supposed
to be. Arthur Crane of Oakland, offered
a forged check for $8. sighed. by Fred
Bates and * drawn upon the : Crbcker-
Woolworth Bank, oyer Constable Mol
toza's bar, and when arrested '\u25a0 another
checlc for $IS, drawn upon the Bank "of
Alameda and signed by Charleß' Elsie,
was found upon him.
TOE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY,^JULYT, 1905.
BEftKELEY WOMAN WHO SAVED:THE HOME Of AN: INVALID NEIGHBOR
FROM DESTRUCTION BY FIRE- BY A RARE EXHIBITION OF NERVE. AND
PRESENCE OF MIND IN AN EMERGENCY. • .. .'.
PLIGHT TROTH
IN MIDST OF
SUMMER DAYS
OAKLAND. July 6.— liarry G. Smith, the
manager of the Pacific Wire Mattress Com
pany, was married last night at St. Anthony's
Church in Ea«t Oakland to Miss Dorothy M.
Keely, the ceremony t«lng performed by the
Rev. Father Me Hugh. After the wedding a
reception In honor of tfie young couple was
held at the home ol Mr?. Smith's sister, Mrs.
J. O. Kohlmeyer, at OSU East Twenty-eighth
street.
ALAMEDA, July 6.— MUs.Vida MeKean and
Dr. Norman • Henders<>n were married this
evening at 8 o'clock at the McKean home. 121 C
Versailles avenue,', the , Rev. Frank S. Brush
Officiating. The bride was attended by her
sister, Mlpk Jennie McKean. Dr. Henderson
Is a local dentist and the. young lady he
claimed as his wife this evening haa lived
here sincA childhood and is a graduate of the
Alamtda High School. •/
• • • FT
Rufus P. Jcnnlrtra o' the California Promo
tion Committee and Ms wife were the guests
Sunday of Mr. and Mr?. John H.lHartog.
Mrs. Sadie Coe, elstsr of Congressman Jo
seph R. Knowland, is visiting , her parontf,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Knowland. Mrs. Coe is
the wife of ProfesEor -George A. Co« of the
Northwestern University of Evanston, 111.
FRIENDSHIP AND DUTY CLASH.
OAKLAND. July 6.— lt was a hard
problem that confronted little Victor
Ross, nine years old, on the witness
stand before Police Judge George Sam
uels to-day. The boy had seen a. quar
rel between ' Robert Whltsett, his. pro?
lector, and ' Ernest Lafond, a. fruiterer,
over Lafond's alleged sale of rotten
wares to the boy. Victor was pressed
to tell who struck the first blow. The
child, wavering between friendship
and conscience, broke into a. flood, of
tears. He did not want to tell tho
story, fearing Whitaett, who had been
arrested for battery, might suffer, and
he did not want to tell a lie.
Almost hysterical, the boy. gave way
to his feelings. Judge ' Samuels, ap
preciating the dilemma, Interposed
kindly: . . \u25a0,
: "My boy, I think you would . rather
bo out of, here at play."
With. a smile of gratitude the plucky
little witness took the hint and' the
embarrassing situation * was cleared.
Whltsett was fined $5. • „ J
MOTHER IS ACCUSED
OF KILLING A CHILD
Coroner of Reno Causes Ar
rest of Woman on Mur--
Special ' Dispatch •to The \u25a0 CalL
.RENO, July 6.— Mrs.. L. P. -Fin-void was
arrested this afternoon on complaint of
Coroner, Read, -who accused her of killing
her ,four-month : old .baby. I? The- little one
was ' found dead In - bed , with ; the ' mother
this morning and aninvfestigation showed
that it had died from strangulation.;. The
Coroner claims that I the mother was in > a
beastly state of Intoxication when the child
was ' taken from J the I bed.V He \ says • that
the mother, either, purposely strangled her
child or v rolled % on '! it/: and , smothered r : it
during ttie night. The accused woman de
nied that she had murdered her child in
a statement at the County Jail this after
noon. . \u25a0:'": . V \u25a0 '_;'\u25a0 -r.'" : . \u25a0.-"'. ->,;.; .' >•/.-.-; x'-i-'s
HE ACOCK. .TAKES -^VACATION.— United
States s Commissioner " Heacock will start ; this
fvenlngr for* a vacation trip to Lake Taboe. H«
will return In . two weeks. •"
BELIEVE ACCUSED
V MAN IS INNOCENT
Bakersfield Officers Declare
Alleged Murderer Await
ing- Trial Is Not Guilty.
Special Dispatch . U> The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, July 6.— The au
thorities of this city are now certain
that Otero Galindo, who- was arrested
at San Bernardino for tho murder of
James Hemphlll near Bealvllle in Sep
tember of last year, Is not the man who
committed the crime. It is their opin
ion that a plot was laid to have Galindo
convicted on false evidence in order
that certain persons might receive, the
reward of $500. Three cholos,' who
claimed that they had heard Callndo
relate the details ol the terrible crime
to a Mexican woman, at whose house
he stayed ' while recovering from
wounds received in the fight, were the
star witnesses.
Ever since his Incarceration Galindo
has maintained that he was not here
at the time of the murder, but that he
was in I-ds Angeles and was receiving
treatment from Dr. T. C. Low, one of
the- physicians of the Bethlehem Free
Dispensary. In corroboration of his
claim he exhibited a card bearing the
name of Dr. T. C. Low. Word has been
received from tho Los^ Angeles; doctor
saying; that a man named Galindo re
ceived treatment from him at the time
of the crime. !
Galindo wns held to answer in the
higher court on the. evidence of the
three cholos, who it is thought were
bought, and nowevcry effort is; being
made to prove that Galindo is the
wrong man.
BOLD HIGHWAYMEN
CAUGHT BY VICTIM
Former Nevada Sheriff sCap-
Two Men Who Had
Robbed ' Him.
Dispatch tcTbe Call.
RENO, July 6.— Ex-Sheriff Hayes of
Reno and three companions were held up
and robbed in the Brewery saloon in this
city last night- by -two highway
men. The robbers were armed with two
revolvers- and after -; lining s the men i up
against the bar they -went through their
clothes and took all they; possessed. They
then emptied ; the . cash register : and es
caped. "Hayes .followed" them" Into the
street and fired several . shots at' them
without effect". V ; " ':'."
To-day, "while the men were eating in a
Sparks \u25a0 restaurant,' \u25a0= the offlcers •' arrested
them. ; John \u25a0« Sabln, \u25a0a" notorious *' rounder,
is one of 'the. accused men; -, and; his part
ner," ;, Tony. Christy^whoHs'suspected of
other smaller crimes.is the other.
DESRRT SHIP CAFTAWfeD :
BY CAPTAIN^ LEX McI.EAN
Four Kleti on ' Chrmeuoltn Under Coiu-
tnnnti of Sen /Wolf Steal nbnt
' and Rotv AWay.'"/-* \u25a0\u25a0'- :
vVICTORIA; 8.C.;; July; «.— The geal
ink'schooner' Carmfenctta,*; on" which is
Captaii! 'Alftx McLean," Ihdicted^fat San
Francisco,* with others interested in tho
venture,*- for conspiracy Ho take > seals
illegally.^ i? cr uisiner in 'i the \ vicinity u or
Attu.* On May 12 the schooner. lost four
men" by deBertlon.'i>.Theyjstolesa vboitt
and roivedashoro at Attu.'The Carmen
cita'haa only forty skins on May 13.
TELLS HOW SHE
BEAT HUSBAND
Mrs. Wiesenliaveii Says She
Witnped Spouse With a
Wet Towel to Calm; Him
TALKS HIMSELF MAD
Drastic Measures of Wife
Unavailing' and He Is
Committed to the Asylum
OAKLAND, July 6.— Weeping bitterly
over the fact that the husband whom she
admitted she had regularly, beaten was to
be sent to an asylum, Mrs. Julia Wiesen
ha\-en to-tlay' appeared before Judge Os
den and Drs. Mayon and Akerly and gave
testimony that resumed in the commit
ment of August A. Wiesenhaven. the hus
band, to the State Hospital for the Insane
a» Napa. Mrs. Wlesenaaven declared that
her husband, who is a barber, talked
himself insane.
"What did you do whenever your hus
band became violent? asked Judge Og
den. • •
"Oh. I just licked him when he got an
gry." replied the wife in a matter-of-fact
tone. "I would knock him down and beat
him with a wet towel till he grew calm.
He used to threaten to commit suicide.
Then 1 would give him a knife or remove
the cover of tho well and tell him to go
ahead. He always cooled down after
that."
Mrs. "Wiesenhaven declared that thir
teen years ago her husband was a pros
perous barber, but that he acquired the
habit of talking so much that his cus
tomers deserted him.
"He simply talked them to death," she
asserted.
The lOQuacious barber admitted that his
reason had been dethroned and agreed
that he be sent to an asylum. But when
the commitment was ordered the portly
wife broke into tears. The Wiesenhavens
have two children, a *boy and a girl.
Edward Tye, an inmate of the County
Infirmary, aged 82 years, was to-day
charged with insanity. /'
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
PR. WILLIAMS IN' CHARGE.— Oakland,
July C— Dr. T. A. Williams of the Board of
Health is acting health officer in the absence
of Dr. K. N. Ewer.
COMPANY INCORPORATES. — Oakland.
July «. — The. Central KlectrJc Company hae In
corporated with a capital stock of $;JO,CO«>.
Th* directors are W. W. Foote Jr., E. M.
Smith and Clarence M. Reed.
KICKED ON KNEE.— Oakland, July 6.— 01e
Ols>on. an expressman who lives at 092 Flfty-
Ftzhth street, was treated at the Receiving
Hospital to-day for a fractured kneecap. He
nan kicked by a horse he was harnessing early
this morning. •-"
BOY ACCUSED OF THEFT.— Oakland, July
(!. — Charles Coburn, 15 years old, has been ar
rested on complaint of Mrs. M. Schneider, r«"-
Kiding at 1091 Firty-seventh street, who says
the boy stole a purse containing $.13 from her
and Equandered the money in San Francisco.
- LETTERS ISSUED.— Oakland. July 6.—Let
ters of administration on the estate of the late
attorney, Thomas F. Oarrity. were issued to
day by Judge Ogden tn Mrs. Elizabeth Buckley.
The widow of the deceased was formerly ad
ministratrix, but her death made the appoint
ment of anothtr person necessary.
CARTER VISITS OAKLAND. — Oakland,
July .6. — George H. -Carter, ex-Governor of
Honolulu, was a guest yesterday of County
Clerk John I\ Cook. He is in San Francisco
en route to Washington, where he wilK confer
with President Roosevelt on matters pertaining
to the Hawaiian Inlands.
WILL SEEK AFTER GOLD.— Oakland, July
0. — George " Fitzgerald, \u25a0 president of the City
Council, departed with 'Daniel Crowley of
Kurtchall &. Crowky for Alaska to-night,
where tUoy have large Interests in the Cook*
Inlei Hydraulic Mining Company. Fitzgerald
has sixty days'- leave of absence.
THEFTS REPORTED.— OakIand, July 0 —
William Frates. residing at DUO East Twentieth
street, has reported to the police that his
pocket was picked at Lake Merrltt Fourth of
July of a sold watch. A burglar stole a gold
watch, ehrirm and other jewels frcm C. I".
Kiel's residence, 1717 Telegraph avenue, Fourwh
of July night. \u25a0 t .
LEAVES LARGE ESTATE.— Oakland. July
0. — W. H. Brown has asked fcr letters of ad
ministration on the estate of th-j late Lucena
Parsons, who died June 23, leaving an estate in
Alameda and Napa counties valued at $10.CSJ0.
The heirs .are Mrs. E..M. Metzger of Alameda,
Mrs. Mary A. Decker of Vallejo, Mrs. Martha
D. Brown of Oakland' and George VV. Parsons
of Oaklund. —» -
NORTH SIDE IMPROVERS TO MEET.—
Alameda, July ($. — President H. M. Kebby and
Secretary S. S. Brdwer of the North Side Im
provement Club have culled a meeting of the
organization tn be held to-morrow evening at
7:45 at 211(1 Eagle, avenue. Matters concern
ins the betterment of the northern section of
the city are to be discussed.
DAIRYMEN SUE.— Oakland, July C— The
ruit of H. Ortman and thirty other dairymen
to rostra if the town of licVkeley from enforc
ing its dairy ordinance wasVontlnued till July
17 by Judge Ogden to-day. \t was stipulated
that. the town would not enforce the ordinance
until the courts could paga upon the measure.
The dairymen allege that the ordinance is in
operative.
CHARGED WITH. BRUTALITY.— Oakland,
July. 6.— Charged with having beaten Mrs.
Ellen O'Leary, 80 years, old, his mother-in
law, James Clark of Haywards was arrested
to-day on con:plaJnt of airs. Mary Clark, his
wife. Mrs. .Clark declares /her husband went
to 'her home,. Third and Alice streets, on the
Fourth o* July while in his cups and beat her
aged mother. .- ' '
OARSMEN ELECT OFFICERS.— Alameda.
July.- «. — Officers have been cho«n by the
Alamrda Boating Club an follows; President
Albert Klhn; vice president, " W. . C. Donnelly;
secretary, J. J- Hammond: treasurer, A. G.
Bell; captain, E. B. Thorning; lieutenant cap
tain, < Frank Hunt> sergeant at arms, Gus
Horst; executive board, George Miller, F. S.
Cone, R. J. Boyd.
CHILD POISONED. BY ,FOOD. — Oakland
July C. — A. Bruso of 502 Twentieth "street ap
peared at- the Receving Hospital this morning
with his 2-ytar-old (laughter Ethel, who had
been seized during the night with severe
cramps. The father believed she bad been
poisoned by food eaten the evening before
The little one was; quickly relieved at the hos
pital, v. ;'.;: . \u25a0 ; . -• - v .' .• -
PALMIST DISAPPEARS.— OakIand, July-0
"Professor* * C. B. Loring, a palmist, has dis
appeared.", "caving! A. Thlelburg.- proprietor of
the Denver House, -Eighth" and Washington
streets,' In the lurch for $10. John Wilson, re
cently from Plattsbure, :N.Y:. also complain*
thnt the missing ."life reader*; made him his
victim to the extent of $23. Loring and Jcnnio
Stevens, another delver into the mystic, wtnt
to Iteno, It is eald. } \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.
' TO RECOVER "STOCK.— Oakland, July 6 —
A " writ of 1 repl«vin was asked for i to-day by
W. H. Wright and John. Sweeney, executors of
the estate cf tho late Charles Anderson asking
lhat William M<.C6rmlck and Daniel Hardigan
be compelled to -return; to -.the estate four colts
that are alleged to have been taken from 'An
derson's ranch after his death by the ; defend
ant*. -iMcCormlck end Hcrdlyan clnlm that the
animals were given to them by Anderson before
his; death on hia farm near. Livemuore.'. : •
ELECT PRINCIPAL AND TEACHERS.—
Alameda, July » 6. — Elmer E. \u25a0? Cave I haa ' been
elected i a principal •; in ; the : School : Dipartment
and has been assigned to the Halght; Grammar
Bchool. ~": Beulah Potts, Belle Butler.^Pearl T
Hossack.-.Maretta- Badgley and i Ethelwyn
CaM well . have been ; appointed teachers .In I the
department. \u25a0 Miss ; Augurta Kuhls • has '. been
granted a"< leave • of ;. absence of \u25a0. one '\u25a0 year a.nd
Miss Adelaide : MeConnell for : six months. -
MARRIAGE, LICENSES'.— OakIand. July ,<5
The ' following marriage ; licenses were issued
to-day: :. John ,W.-jH; : ; Grotn. ,26,' a and Mabel
Weatlake -•. 20, ; ; ; both fof * Oakland;- Frederick .J.
Benson. '> 27. \u25a0 and Jennie M. ; Olson, " 21; both -of
Alameda ; ;: James \u25a0\u25a0- Kc«ney, ;\u25a0 t*3,' \u25a0- and Mary -E.
Redmond. , 44, .. both ~i of," San; Francisco; Felix
Fax!o. 27, ; and Josle M. Compllngo." 15,, b0th of
Oakland; ' Edward .<:A'.' Corwln, \u25a0- 20, . and ' Enid • V."
Fischer, 21,"' both of Oakland;' Joseph H. | Silva;
24,";andiLaura'F. - ;Sllva,'-18, ;both of-San Lo
renzo; Joacjuln Perelra,' 2">, and -Virginia Cael
bo, 21, both of Mission Sau Jose.* : ' .; - \u25a0:\u25a0 ,
BURGLARS ENTER
EXPRESS OFFICE
WeH-Fargo & Co.'s Agency
at Ifruitvale Is Bobbed
During Wednesday Night
ONLY CASH IS TAKEN
Window Broken in Eear of
Place, Which Is Thorough
ly Ransacked in Search
OAKLAND. July «.— The Wells-Fargo
Express office at Frultvale was. broken
into last night and $49 in coin secured,
the burglars making away without leav
ing a clew. The office was thoroughly
ransacked in the search for money. W. W.
"Walbridge, the agent at Fruitvale. closed
the office at 7 o'clock last evening as
usual, but contrary to his custom, he
left the day's collections In a desk.
The agency does not boast of a safe.
and Walbrldge has usually deposited the
money on hand in the safe of a neighbor
ing store? Last evening he did not so do.
leaving $40 in coin in his desk. This,
morning he found that a window In the
rear of the building had been forced, that
every drawer in his desk had been rifled,
and the money taken.
From the way in which \lhe office was
ransacked it is believed that the thief
knew that the money was there, and
that he made a thorough search for it
until it was found. Sheriff Barnett is
working on the case, but the prospect of
apprehending the culprit is very small.
MEETS HIS SAVIOR
AFTER LONG YEARS
Veterans Who Met Last on
Battlefield United in
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 6— While spin
ning yarns about the Civil War In the
lobby of the Rosslyn Hotel to-day Wil
liam W. Aylesworth of Michigan was
asked how he lost his arm and began tell
ing the story. He had. nearly finished and
was telling how, when he ; was almost
dead from shock and thirst, a slip of a
boy from an Ohio, regiment dropped his
musket, and, despite the whizzing bul
lets, stopped and ministered to his wants.
Suddenly D. S. Brown, a prosperous Los
Angeles merchant who had been sea;ed
near by Aylesworth and his audience,
sprang to his feet and said: . , \u25a0 -
"Let me finish that story."
He then proceeded to relate how the
boy had raised - his j wounded comrade's
head, propped it up with his haversack
and poured life giving water down his
parched throat, "bandaged his wounded
arm and made an Improvised splint with
a bayonet 'and finally- saw to it that a
field surgeon attended the wounded man.
Aylesworth listened amazed, then fcsked
many questions, and ' finally demanded:.
"How do you know so much about it?
You must have been there."
"I was there." replied the other. "I was
the Ohio boy who gave you water. It wa3
at the battle of Franklin."
WANT GOVERNMENT
\' TO IKKIGATE STATE
Washington's Executive and
Land Commissioner Favor
Yakima Valley Plans.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
TACO-vIA. July 6.-State Land Commis
sioner Ross and Governor Meade this
afternoon gave their indorsement to re
solutions prepared by commercial bodies
in the Yakima valley regarding the Carey
lands and stateu that they would inform
the Secretary of the Interior that they
were tn accordance with the expression
of opinion presented. The resolutions ask
the Secretary of .the Interior to withhold
his approval of the State's selection in
Yakima Valley until the Government re
clamation investigations are completed
and to* reject them in case it should be
found necessary to do so to enable recla
mation service to enter Yakima Valley.
In other words the State wijl renounce
its rights under the Carey act if by so
doing it will. bring about government irri
gation of a Targe part of central Wash
ington.
MtfIiCHANTS ? THREATS
FIUGHTEN KAILEOAD
Northern Pacific Makes New
Eates When Competition
Seems Probable.
Sr«clal Dispatch to The Cktl.
TACOMA, July 6.— There will be no
discrimination in railroad rates against
South Bend. Beginning to-day special
commodity rate's applying between Ta
coma, Portland' and' Grays Harbor
points will be extended to South Bend.
S. G. Fultoru assistant general freight
agent of the Northern Pacific, says the
schedule issued June 26, which put
South Bend at a disadvantage, was a
mistake. South Bend -business men
protested'vlgorously against the sched
ule and threatened reprisals. A move
ment was started in the Pacific County
seaport looking toward the construc
tion of a steam schooner to ply between
South Bend and San Francisco." carry
ing -lumber down and supplies back.
YOUNG BULL TAUGHT
TO DO MANY TRICKS
Washington A nimal Trainer
Succeeds in Teaching Bo
' fvihe Amusing "Stunts."-
Special Dispatch to The rail.
;: TACOMA. July 6.— Professor Henry J.
Ross. ; an ; animal trainer • of Nlsqually
Flats,' has succeeded ' In teaching some
wonderful tricks V to a . promising young
bull. "Not- only; will the little animal do
all ' the stock 'tricks such ; 'a3 .1 "shaking
hands," making.' a .bow. starfding on Its
hind legs, \u25a0 waltzing while * professor
whistles and Jumping hurdles and through
circus ; hoops," but If will walk on a series
of stakes driven Into .the "ground.,; It also
climbs stairs to a table and goes. through
many other, "stunts."- /
WILL RECLAIM
A LARGE TRACT
Contract That Means Much
to Citizens of San Mateo
County Is Let tit Belmont
COSTIA TASK PLAJSNED
Nenily 2500 Acres, of Marsh
Land Are to Be Added to
District's Tillable- Acreage
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
BELMONT. July 6.— One of the lars
est reclamation contracts' ever let tn
the history of San Mateo County and
one that In the course of a very short
time will mean an Increase of ' hun
dreds «>f thousands of dollars to the
wealth of the county, has Just been
awarded. The undertaking, which will
be put under way at once, is the recla
mation of 2300 acres of the marsh lands
on the Whitney-Hearst estate In this
county. These lands are Immediately
in front of this town and when prop
erly reclaimed may be made to yield
a rich return under cultivation.
The contract for reclamation calls
for the expenditure of $30,000 by E, W.
McLellan and involves months of labor.
It Jd understood here that 2000 more
acres of this marsh land will be sold
and will be reclaimed as soon as pos
sible. This will give a total of &000
acres soon to be under cultivation.
When this huge undertaking: is com
plete it is estimated that every acre
will yield good interest on $300.
HETUR.VKO TRAVELERS GUESTS
AT BREAKFAST AND CARD PARTY
Function In Honor of Mm. Van Alatlne
Wallace of Palo Alto Proves
, Enjoyable Affair.
PALO ALTO. July 6.— Mrs. William
Scofield gave a breakfast and "500"
party this morning in honor of Mrs.
Van Alstine Wallace, who, with her
husband, has just returned to Palo. Alto
after a three years' absence in Europe.
An elegant repast was served and the
ladies enjoyed several hours with the
cards.
Those present were: Mmes. William
Scofleld, Van Alstine Wallace. J. P.
Parkinson. B. Parkinson, Anna Jone3.
George R. .Parkinson, D« Forest Fergu
son. A. S. Ferguson and C. R. Parkin
son and the Misses Shirley and Mabel
Charles, Julia and Anna- Barrett, Beth
Scofield and Helen, and Carrie Lewis
of San Jose.
EASTERN ATHLETE SECURED.
BY PALO ALTO GYMNASIUM
Graduate of .Massachusetts Tralalae
School to Direct Effort* of .Mem
bers of Suburban Club. • ~.
PALO ALTO. July 6. — The directors of
the Palo Alto Gymnasium have engaged
William -Sloan to take j charge " of the
gymnasium work for- thte a next. year.
Sloan is a graduate of 'the Springfield
(Mass.) Training School and,;is well
known as a. track. and, field athlete.
The directors are considering nlans tor
an athletic, field. Such a field -would
be. In great demand by the numerous
preparatory schools In tnisr vicinity. \u25a0
VALLEJO FIREMAN VICTIM
'„ \ , OF THE RAYS OF OLD SOL
Thermometer* of >'avy Yard Town Rea«l
87 In Shade at 2 In the
Afternoon.
VALLEJO, July 6. — This city has ex
perienced In the past three days weath-.
er which "the oldest Inhabitant" xays is
the hottest In, the history of the town.
The thermometer went up to 97 at 2
o'clock this afternoon. Edward Glas
son, a member of the Vallejo Fire De
partment, was prostrated with the heut
while hauljng the new fire apparatus
from, the station to "the hose company's
headquarters. ! :\u25a0' T \u25a0•-•• ." '.-•-:':
BAKEKSFIKLD. July 8. — Durinsr tha
last three day» the people of Bakers
field have had to endure the hottest
weather that -has ever been known in
this city. On the Fourth the thermom
eter registered ISO degrees and to-day
and yesterday the mercury went up to
130 ' degrees. There have been several
cases of sunstroke.
Pioneer Woninu Dies.
HEALD3BUKG. July 6.— Mrs.. Mary-E.
Carr.'aged 81; a pioneer resident of thi3
section, was burfed heret o-day. Mrs.
Carr resided In" this vicinity for more
than thirty years. *;*;.'.
Sick
When your head aches, there .
is a storm in the nervous sys-
tem, centering in the brain.
This irritation produces pain'^
in the head, and the turbulent
nerve current sent to the stom-
ach causes nausea, vomiting. \
.This is sick headache, 'and;
is dangerous, as frequent and;
prolonged attacks, weaken the
• brain, . resulting iri. loss ..of •
: memory, inflammation/ epK
Jepsy, fits, dizziness, etel
\ Allay this stormy; , irritated^'
aching condition by taking
I Dr. M iles' Anti-Pain- Pilte.^ *. : f
They stop the paki by sooth-
: ing,- strengthening ;and ; rcHev- •/
irig the'.tens^oh upon the : neryes "•
ss — not by paralyzing iherrC' as -:
do most headache remedies.
, Dr.' '• Miles' Anti-Pain, Pills do I
not" contain opium, morphine, j
chloral or similar drugs.. \u25a0
"Sick headache is hereditary ifo*. m'7
family. My father suffered a. great--'
d?al, and for many, years I have had
rpclls that were so severe -that I was '«
unable to attend to my business affairs
•for a day or bo at a time. Durtnx «. >
i-very severe attack of headache. I took
Dr. MHes- Anti-Pain Fills and they
relieved me almost immediately. Since
then I take them -when I feel tho- spell
coming on and it stops It at once w -^
£. c 4 i- 110^ J - 3IcERLAi>r; >-..
Pres. S. B, Eng. Co.. South Bend. Ind.^
-iDr. Miles* Antl-Paln-^lHa are sold b\r ; .
I'hTWV 1111 w , 1 . 1 . 1 8«»«-antea that "1
the first : package will • benefit. If tr" *
falls he v^ll return your money.. V lt? .
25 doses, » cents. Never sold |n'bul*£> -
Miles Medical Co.i Elkhaxt^'lnd*THIRTY PERSONS
HURT IN WRECK
(«'reat Northern Train Jumps
the Kails While Running
at a High Rate of Speed
FIRE ADDS TO HORROR
Several of the Injured Re
ceive Slight Burns Before
Rescuers Reach Them
ST. PAUL. July 6.— About thirty per
sons were •injured, one seriously, in the
wreck of the Great Northern westbound
:'yer at Spring Brook, twenty-one mile.s
< ast cf WlHiston. N. D. Seven cars jvere
lurned by tire which broke out imme
diately after the wreck, presumably
caused by the explosion of a gas tank
under the smoking cer. The mail car
and the special car Joiiet, containing Dr.
Frank Eillings of Chicago and a paiiy
'•'f physicians en- route to Portland did
not leave the rails and were unharmeu
by the flames.
The officials of the road here say that
;i was a miracle that numbers were not
k:i!ed, as the train was running at a
high rate of speed when it left th- rails.
According to their report there was no
spreading of the rails, and they are
unable to account for the accident.
As the cars left the track they partly
up-ended, but did not break in two. Most
of those injured suffered from burns, the
flames spreading so rapidly that many
were scorched before they could be re
rcove'd from the wreckage. Dr. Billings
and the physicians in his party- at once
took charge of ' the injured and dressed
their wounds pending the arrival of a
ro'.it-f triiiii from WillUton.
AU cf ihe injured were able to resume
their journey to-day except C. 11. Striek
er, who is reported to be in a serious con
dition. Strieker was in the baggage car
en route from St. Paul to Boise. Idaho,
and was badly cut and bruised. All the
mail and baggage was saved.
MANY CASUALTIES
ON FOUKTH OF JULY
Returns Show Big Increase
in Number Killed and
Wounded.
CHICAGO. July 6.— The total figures on
the Fourth of July casualties received up
to to-ni^ht from Tribune correspondents
arc largtr than those received at the
«me time last year. The total deaths
numbpr S3 and the total injured 3153.
I^ast ytar the deaths were 52 and the
injured 3049.
Mandard Oil Annwers Ouster Salt.
TOPEKa, Kan.. July 6. — The Stan
dard Oil Company has filed an answer
in the Supreme Court to the ouster
euit brought against the company by
the State of Kansas. The answer de
nies everything alleged by the State
ajrainst the Standard, and In addition
as its main argument attacks the va
lidity ot the Kansas anti-trust law.* If
the court again declares the law to be
valid the case will be appealed to the
United States Supreme Court.
NEW YORKf July G. — Commercial Itisdi
vencies In trie United States during the first
half of 13C5 were €-10 in number and $55.
»(i4.805 in amount of defaulted Indebtedness,
according to tie Journal of Commerc*. Nu
merically this shows scarcely any alteration
In comparison with the 6214 failure; in the
correspcndinE six months of last year but
a decrease appears when last year's liabilities
of $79.*<0.9Ga are considered.
Srirlmr-Machfne »pdle«
For all makes of machines at Five
Cents per package and everything else
pertaining to sewing-machines at great
ly reduced prices. Look for the red S.
ISIS Devisadero st_ 1580 Market st_, 210
Stockton St.. 1217 Stockton St., 576 Va
lencia st.. San Francisco, CaL •
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tbe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^ . yJjT^T
Signature of l~*uZ<r7Ym /<i^c/u^
A Fine Knife
I L/^^f .^^^ grade Knife. I
1 three blades 8
I of be«t razor steel, handle of. E
I pearl, strongly reinforced H
I ends. My price 81.75 1
I I have a specially fine H
I LADIES* KA'IKE, with pearl ft
I handle, three blades of best f
I steel, graceful shape and eon- 1
vcnlent sire. 'My pHce..gl.sO I
All Klnd« of Cutlery Ground I
and Sharpened. lUion i
Honed. Ground and Pat In g
Vlrxt - Clasa Condition. y
Mall orders promptly filled. 1
THAT MAN PITTS I
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. I
lOCS 3IARKE7T ST_ Opp. Fifth. 1
SAN FRAXCISCO. |
ivfsiT OR. JORDAN'S great J
fMUSEUSI OF AHATOMYf
T v&?^ Thtl*r*ri'. 4i«-oc<fc: ITo«»mlatt« W
C T».> WerU. Wc«ki>w« • •».» »«tr»et«d A '
Q JCSTSSS «•>/»•» po»icl«I-lyc»r»^l'.» tie »M««^
o fCt i« I Sptciiiiso^tttCotA E*i.«j«»r». 0
4 i^^l DR JBRDAS-OISEASES CF KEH A
\ F(»SSS%S Canna-tition fir* asd £trl«lr pH^t* \
B I J9& P fmru.m priM-.tlj or.br l«i«. A A
eP9 UV «ri!« fcr IW>Y, FBH-OhOrHlt CV'4
? \u25a0 il Ii»BUCE, MAILtO FEJL£_ 'if
X A Si' *>lv>Mc bock fw awa.) . . 'A
V DB.JOB»A3r*CO n 1051 Marfcrt t<L',S. X T
sjgS&^tM MEN AND WOMEN.
<*Jp3Rsk^£Clt£?>Qa Cte BU O for ons»tcr»l
omzv** *•» * **n^2 dUcharcM.laCMUTnttioat.
A&Blf (.urj:..! t3 Irritniouc or ulcera«Joa»
tiQbV wtnnrtxcß. jf mncoai u»m!)rsn*«.
ii*— * Pr.i«u tebiw. Psin'ieH, and not *»trl»
MTItTKEEriKSCKEMICZI'j!. «fnt or *>i«oaoor
t3sm*K lib.*. jS&T * r ieat ie p l *^' wn w*<-
VQ3SSCSKU P jS 51-00. ».J bottles M.T6-
STARCH STIFFENS
HER FEATURES
Landlady Will Be
Mute Till Face
Is' Ironed.
MikeMCing Spreads
Pudding Over
Her Head.
Because his landlady, Mrs. J. Keegan,
reproached him for coming to breakfast
wiih a holdover, Michael King distrib
uted the meal on the lady's person and
wrecked the dishes by bringing 'them
into violent contact with her coiffure.
"It's ashamed of yonrself that you
ought to be, Mr. King," said Jirs. Kee
gan indignantly when Mike wobbled
into the dining-room.
Mike retorted with a flapjack that
caught the "lady In the eye, felling her
to the floor. As she arose he emptied
the coffeepot over her head and .the
Java and Mocha blend trickled down her
back. A plate of prunes was next on
the menu. Then Michael sent a bowl of
corn scroll crashing against the wo
man's head. The bowl broke and the
sticky cornstarch entirely concealed the
lady's features.
While she was blinded by the pudding:
Mike began to crack plates over her
iiead. Policeman Nailor arrived Just as
Mike was reaching for the gas stove.
Mrs. Keegan was unable to appear
against him yesterday. The corn starch
has no stiffened her face that her jaws
cannot work. She Is still at the City
and County Hospital, where an effort
will be made to Iron the kinks from her
countenance before long. When she
made an effort to smile yesterday her
face cracked in three places. Mike will
be held on a battery charge on Judge
Mogan's order until the creases are en
tirely removed.
Twelve butchers who were charged
by Food Inspectors with tinting ham
burger steaks were released by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. It developed that
some of those accused had been embalm
ing hamburger for thirty years.- Igno
rance of the law was the plea.
Judge ..Cabaniss addressed them as
follows:
"The hamburger no doubt looks bet
ter after a coat of paint has been
spread over it. But I believe that most
of the consumers of that dubious viand
prefer their steaks in the wild state.
Anyhow, the law prohibits frescoed
hamburger.
"Personally, I think that a steak is
no more improved by rouge than a wo
man is. I don't care whether you have
been putting oil colors or water colors
on your meat, it's got to stop. When a
man orders hamburger he wants it. and
the order doesn't call for a landscape
or a marine view.
"If you people are not checked imme
diately you will be wanting to sell pho
tographs of lamb chops and sirloins for
the real thing. You are getting toward
the time when a man will walk into a
restaurant and call for a bromide en
largement instead of a porterhouse.
"It's got to stop right here. A butch
er shop is not a studio. Painter, or
butcher, whichever you please, but don't
try to combine the callings."
The twelve promised to heed the ad
monition.
Mrs. Nellie Perry alleges that while
she and two minor children are starv
ing In a Howard-street fiat, -her husband
Is doing the "summer man" stunt at
Guerneville. Judge 'Mogan issued a
warrant for his arrest and he will be
brought before the court to-day.
Mrs. Perry declares " that their
estrangement was due to too much
mother-in-law. Perry's "mother,
says, set her son against, his wife and
she suffered numerous, cruelties at his
hands. She was forced to leave him
about two months ago.
Since that time Perry has not con
tributed a cent to the .'support of his
family. The wtfe declares that from
what she hears her husband is now
spending his time In veranda flirtations,
while his children are on the verge of
starvation.
It broke ex-Policeman Elliott Far
ley's heart when he had to apply to
Judge Mogan for warrants for, the ar
rest of a band of small boys who have
been bombarding his home in the Rich
mond district with rocks. When Far
ley was on ' the force , he made a rec
ord for arrestsand it grieved him when
the boys flung the taunt that he was no
longer authorized to pinch.
The talo is told still. in the depart
raeni of how Farley strained a point
once : to keep uphis record.' It was a
dull' day and Farley searched his beat
in vain for a drunk or any old* kind of
misdemeanor case. . He ' began ; to think
that for once he would' not be able to
contribute to the- tanks.
An idea came to- him and he decided
to act upon It. He. walked up to a
cigar store,- before which stood a long
individual chewing . tobacco.^ In vain
Farley waited for. him to miss the cus
pidor. The accuracy of : the tobacco
chewer.was provoking..
"\u25a0"I'll bet a half you can't, spit to the
edge of the curb,"; said Farley, suddenly.
"You're on,** said the tobacco-chewer,
and easily performed the feat/rJtelffifigS
; "Here's your/ money," ' said Farley.
."Buti ybti: are under, arrest* for; expec
torating in a public place. Come with
me." Wwjfl
: So Farley preserved his \u25a0 record.'
.;„\u25a0\u25a0..- -\u25a0\u0084•:,-.» •
The fact that 1 the 'ferry clock was a
minute ; behind - time ' yesterday co ' an
noye<*~ Axel Thols tup \u25a0 that he insisted
- '-'-'J '
THE S^N;FRANGISCO; CALU FRIDAY, JULY ;T;/ 1905;
on trying to climb the tower to regu
late it. Axel had a cargo of water
front steam aboard that would float a
liner.
"I tank the tarn clock bay wrong,"
lie remarked to his friend, Henry Ole
son.
"I tank so too," agreed Oleson.
"I tank I fix it," said Axel.
Oleson tried to dissuade him, but
Axelinsisted.that he must regulate the
timepiece. Policeman T. P. Gibbons ar
rested him just as he was. trying to
figure out how to scale the tower.
"We have a man to wind the clock,
Axel." said Judge Mogan.. "He sharp
ens Twin Peaks, washes the seal
rocks and locks the Golden Gate be
sides. All these things are .taken care
of, Axel. Remember that next time."
And Axel promised never again to
butt into municipal affairs. ..
Jane Frandseh, a remarkably pretty
young woman, and John Hedges, who
looked like the- popular* conception of
a banker, were before Judge I Mogan
accused of running a \u25a0 get-rich-quick"
scheme. Mrs. Marietta Viola declared
that sne gave them $50 in small
amounts, for which she was to receive
treble that amount. Now she. declares
that she is 'unable to secure even the
principal.
The contracts issued by the -"firm"
are so carefully worded that Judge
Mogan was in doubt as to whether the
charge should be grand larceny or con
ducting a. lottery. '
F. Li. Deever and "Judge" Pierce, two
other members of the "firm." cannot bo
located. The cases of the two under
arrest will go over until Monday.
A microscope which had been stolen*
from "Stanford . University, in Septem
ber, 1904, was located in the pawnshop
of Harris Brothers, 105 Stockton street.
Special Policeman Phil Atkinson of
the university ' saw it in - the window
offered for sale. A search warrant
was obtained and the instrument
was Identified as the property of the
university. Under the statute of limi
tations, however, Judge Cabaniss de
cided that as the pawnbroker had
complied with the law in every respect
he was entitled to keep the microscope.
John McQueenie, who, with Harry
Shea, is accused of attacking Reuben
Mendelsohn,, an aged and
trying to rob him. was before Judge
Mogan yesterday. Only a week ago
McQueenie, .' who is \ an ex-convict,
though only 23 years old, was before
Judge Mogan on a charge of vagrancy.
He promised; to reform and begged to
be given a chance. The Judge let him
out on probation.
"Is this the way you reform?" In
quired his Honor sternly, when Mc-
Queenie was brought before him.
"Well, there ain't no caarge against
me," said McQueenie sulkily.
j.nere will be," said* the Judge. "1
gave you a chance to make a man out
of yourself, but you wouldn't take it.'
Next time you will probably, be sent
to prison for twenty years."
Judge Mogan sentenced McQueenie
to three months in the. County Jail to
hold him for the Mendelsohn affair.
George Graham, accused of misap
propriating small sums' 1 from his em
ployer, pleaded hard' for a chance, to
do better. Because of his youth Judge
Mogan permitted him to go on thirty
days' probation.
Judge Conlan Issued a bench war
rant for the arrest -of Charles Spencer,
the baseball player, who failed v to ; ap
pear yesterday to answer charges of
drunkenness and disturbing the peace.
Spencer is believed to have left town.
The case of H. Urlburu, charged
with embezzlement of money belongring'
to Madame Tettrazlnl, the" prima don
na, was'put overiforja week by^Judge
Conlan. , Urlburu's ' attorney," George : D.
Collins, Is prevented from attending^ to
the case because of his own; troubles.
Pommery Champatrne
Was served exclusively |at the banquet
to Hon. William ;H,' Taf t, . Secretary; of
War, at ;the' Palace: Hotel "last; night,
again- demonstrating, the fact 1 that this
wine is the selection of ; discriminating
judges. tittSBBBBBBBBSM
Suicide's -, Letter ': Found.
At 'the -inquest; held: yesterday \u25a0 upon
the bodies ;of -Henry. Heine and his
daughter Charlotte.' who were t suffo
cated'by illuminating; gas on; the night
oflJuly,3:atHhelr:;home,';4o29;Twenty
slxth \u25a0 street, : verdicts i were- returned iof
suicide' in t the •' case jof 'the; father."; arid
in ; the . case of the" daughter.; of } death
by -carbon _-monoxide~ r administered : by:
him.. A note in. German f written" ..by
Heine .was 'found in his desk. It read
as follows: vj .
" . 1 SAN FRANCISCO. July 3.
Dear Johanna : I I leave you to-day; farewell.
Cannot ' gof alone." so : I " am taking Charlotta .
alons - with ' me. \u25a0\ It cannot * jo : on this ; way. any
longer.'-i Work; Is . scarce -. and ' I • can't * stand * It'
any longer. ' ' Regards • and t kisses to •, the be-,
loved ; children; "\u25a0 Write to ; Germany - that : I\u25a0 am
dead. Good-by. HENUT.
ENGINEERS : CONFER. V-Maraden . Manson
and City ; Engineer \u25a0 Woodward ;: held
a conference •; relative '\u25a0; to -, the -'examination i- of
the I three I water, supplies \u25a0 upon ' which I they, and
Engineer 'Wagoner vwere '.delegated : to report
by the Beard of Supervisors;
MEANS', »3.00 SHOES NOW $2.50.
. Closing .' agency," salev /: Don' t* delay f, They,^ arc'
selling fart.' 18 Fourth" street. -near, Market. •
BIG GATHERING
OF DELEGATES
Seventh International . Con
ference of the Epworth
League Opens at Denver
SPEAKERS
Well Known Clergymen Dis
course on the Beneficial
Work of the Orgaiiization
DENVER. July 6.— The seventh : inter
national convention; -of : sthe Epworth
League was opened to-day with simultan
eous meetings, which taxed to the utmost
the caDacity of the Coliseum, Hall, Trin
ity Methodist Episcopal : Church i and Cen
tral Presbyterian ' Church, ™ the ' largest
auditoriums in this city. Fully, 20,000 dele
gates and visitors have been attracted to
Denver by the' convention. Bishop Isaac
W. Joyce of Minneapolis was to have
presided at one of the opening meetings,
but was unable ' to be present owing to
sickness. The chairmen at these meet
ings were Bishop^ Joseph F. . Berry of
Buffalo, N.Y.; Dr. Stephen J.Herben of
Chicago, editor of the Epworth Herala,
and Rev. Melvln -Taylor of Quebec,
Canada. Jesse F." • McDonald, Mayor
Robert W. Speer,"*. Congressman Robert
\V. Boyninge and others made welcom
ing addresses and ': responses > were : given
by Rev.H. D.^Atcheson,* D.D., Dubuque,
Iowa; Rev. H M.. Dubose, D. D., Nash
ville, Term.; Rev. G. F. Salton, P. H.*B., J
Ottawa, Ont.: Rev. W. S. Matthews," D.
D., Berkeley, Cal. ; Rev. A A. F. Watkins,
D. D. , Jackson," Miss. ; Rev.~ S. D." Chown,
D. D., Toronto, Canada; A. E. Craig, D.
D., Ottumwa, Iowa; Rev/.T. N. Ivey,
D. D.. Raleigh. N.C., and Rev. 1.- Toyell,
D. D., Toronto, Canada."
At the afternoon meetings addresses on
"Evangelism, the . Supreme Need of the
Hour," were made by, : Rev. J.F.* Stout,
D. D.. St. Paul; Rev. John Ha.ndley.'D.
D.. Long . Branch, N. J.. and I Rev.- John
Stansfield, D. D., Indianapolis. .."Young
Life in the Church" was discussed by
Rev. "W. T. G. Brown, D. " D., Kingston,'
Ont.; Rev. \V. F. Packard, D..D.,:Hanni
bal, Mo., and . Rev. C. K. Jenness, Berke
ley. Cal. Rev. Fred Wi nslow- Adams,. D.
D.. Schenectady, N. V.; Rev. Richard
Hobbs, Strathroy, Ont., and Rev. J. H.
Young, D.'D., St. Louis, spoke on "Sour
Winners, Their Equipment -. and Work."
The principal speakers at the evening
session were Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, Lon
don, England; Bishop Eugene R. Hendrix,
Kansas City ; Professor A. C. Knudson,-
Meadville. Pa., and Rev. E. A. Quayle,
D. D., Chicago^
BRIDE AND GEOOM
FEATURE OF PARADE
Imprisoned in Lion's Cage
and Drawn Through
City's Streets.
Erecial Dispatch' to The CaJL
PITTSBURG, July 6.— There is a dif
ference of opinion in the Police Depart
ment between Director Harry Moore of
the Department •of Public Safety, ana
Alexander Wallace, superintendent of po
lice, over what constitutes a joke.,f-,-;
F. C. Zimmerman : of • Hackensack, N:
J., and Miss Louise Eimmins of East End
were married, in the home of Rev. Mr
McAnnly, pastor of the Roman avenue
Chrlstiap Church, last evening. : It- had
been arranged : that;; after the ceremony,
there should be a reception in the homo
of the bride's parents and there, were
many carriages to convey the' bridal
party to and from : the clergyman's home.
There was also a brother of .the bride,
who had " brought* a' lion's wagon • from a
circus menagerie, and when the bridal
couple ' was'leaving , the house the bride's
brother arid other guests : bore down
upon them, and, despite their efforts to
escape, thrust them, into the cage and
locked the door.
A brass band had been engaged. .It
headed the - procession, and, followed by
the weddine . guests in carriages, the
march through , the 3 principal streets of
East fend began. The guests. burned red
fire and blew horns, while the angry oc-_
cupants of the cage beat .their hands
against the bars- in futile efforts to
escape. Chairs had been, placed In the
cage for. their comfort and . finding that
all efforts :to escape were useless,, they
sat down and tried their best to: bear it.
The parade lasted an hour and was
viewed by .".t housands, of persons. Di
rector Moore Issued orders for the arrest
of ., the participants, on the . charge ot
holding a circus parade without securing
a permit,-, but Superintendent Wallace
thinks it a good >joke and it is, not likely
that there will be any arrests.
BALTIMORE FLOOD
CAUSES BIGr DAMAGE
Valuable Property Is Swept
Away, but "Fortunately
No Lives Are Lost.
BALTIMORE, July 6.— The flood last
night . which was caused by \u25a0 the ' overflow
of Jones Falls, a stream which, runs
through the central part'of Baltimore and
which: resulted from a" cloudburst at Ti
inoriium, in Baltimore County, has com
pletely subsided, the water 'in the falls
falling almost as quickly : as it ; rose. \ln
the city no lives were . lost ; and ' the ; dam- v
age was : confined ito v the streets In ; the
vicinity of the falls/ On these^ streets are
located a large number, of • machine shops
and small stores. \ the contents : of * which
have been damaged. There was no. very
heavy single;, loss :\u25a0 and the total loss is
roughly .'estimated', at J50.000. a * .. . ,
In ; the country north >of Baltimore -the
storm was terrific and the fall of rain, ex
traordinary,... the ;•; people :-\u25a0 being .' ; panic
stricken,* many, fleeing for their lives. The
suburban towns Vof ; Mount Washington.
Luthervllie. \ : Cockeyeviile, \ Mulvale and
other.* points were'. hemmed^ in .until an
early, hour. this morning, 1 but so] far^ no re^
port of ; loss of- life has been; received.'; The
intervening s farm 3 lands '- were i inundated,
fences ; everywhere were * swept away I and
some \u25a0; outbuildings -along " the « falls ; from
Mount * AVashlngtonl io .- the i Pennsylvarfla
bridge." i Scores of 1 farmers were compelled
to abandon • their; heuses] and flee' for .their
lives,, ln some-Instances,^their-homes,".fur
niture, i cattlet arid J wagons :being ; carried
away \u25a0 in* the : flood."- No * accurate estimate
of the losses i ;«h s the county! can ; be ;' made
at present, but the aggregate will be
large. ;^^^ r' --'\u0084'••'.,
The actual , size -of a store -will soon
catch" up' with * the ~. sizelof '\u25a0 a> store's en
terprise \u25a0» 'A' store : that is advertised like
a biff store will soon be a.big- store." ;,-:;\u25a0\u25a0:
New ' Poitmaiter at - Stnndlah.
- WASHINGTON,? July ;6.-r-Elizabeth \ E.
Perry , has 5 been]* appolii ted % postmaster
attStandishliLassen/County,^vice-Har r
riet^F/.Torrey^"":;-^- /'"->-.-:'-' \u25a0 .
JThe 'Rainier : strike % isf, "unfair," r not
the Beer.'-: This is ' readily ; appreciated llf
you will. take the trouble- to investigate
both sides; of; the; present :«trik«. •
\'\\.Salo : -50,00Q Handkerchiofs
I ; At a Saving of l A to *A *
J The greatest single offering of Kandkerchiefs ever made in California. One manufacturer's
Jf entire sample line, another's complete stock of linen handkerchiefs, together with big lots our buyers
«f have been accumulating for, months for this sale, are marked at prices only made possible by the
Jf magmtude of the purchases. Buy a yearns supply now— six months*, anyway. You'll save any-
% where from a quarter to a half of the regular prices. • • |J
Jf 7/re Women's The Men's
I *p^;i^#^^ Colorexl border handkerchiefs, pretty polka dot -
H edge, others hemstitched and damty embroidery. ma u Bowed dedgn and cdorecTboKJer. worth 10c. at vV
I Men ' s P lain white, hemstitched, with white cord.
f PV.plamhemsWchedJace-^^ a good Pw
SV- : M - , I < neat colored borders; mstead of 2 for 25c. each- * C
it lf\s~+ ror 3D UO ladies corded, all linen, Swiss .- . sar;S'fltf?l? i :'r t yi»^7ifl< .'.llPp?fc; i t»ipßßggß
«\u25ba IUC; embroidered and lace handkerchiefs that are ***?* cambnc initial handkercruefs. nicely em- Qp.
i also worth double. broidered, the Isc kmd for ,. C/W-
5 il gr^4, For ladies' 25c all linen, lace trimmed hand- Men's mercerized handkerchiefs, an excellent
lOC kerchiefs, Swiss embroidered; also dainty quaL'ty that- wiD wash nicely, pretty colored |O^*
I? French handkerchiefs with narrow lace edging, borders, worth 20c and 25c, • . for 15c and *^«W
J Off'^. For. fine _quah'ty pnre linen handkerchiefs, All Pure linen handkerchiefs, in three styles
* ZOv with a dainty Mechlin lace trimming; the of hems, the correct size for a man to carry; I^k/"*
J regular price of these is 35c to 50c. worth 25c. 35c and 50c > .33c. 23c and **J^
f ' - - .
| $2.00 Nemo Corsets, $I*oo
J Five hundred ladies who wear Nemo corsets and know their merits will get their favorite corset at
$ half price to-day and Saturday if they get here before the ladies who have heard of these corsets
J» but have never worn them 'buy them all up. We have only 500 to sell at this price; genuine
JI Nemos, made of excellent batiste, finished with dainty embroidery- edge, all white.
X They are medium bust, full princess hip, straight front; a model that will perfectly fit the average Cl 1 fJA
it figure; sizes 18 to 30; regular $2.00 value, for : ... -... . . . . .. - ...... tPI^VF.I/
X \u25a0 =
I $4-,5Q and $5 Skirts, $3.95
it \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0. _ . : . - > -- \u25a0 -\u25a0.'-.\u25a0 ~ : '-V'- \u25a0
J[ The limited number of desirable Walking Skirts offered at this extraordinarily low price wifl go with a rush. Be
jf among the early corners and secure these good bargains. They are made of fine mohair alpaca and fancy weaves
J£ of all wool skirting, in a. wide range of styles and colorings. The exceflent .fit and tailoring are
X' marked features of these skirts, which were among our most popular seDers 'during the season be- <J»O OS
H ginning this morning at the new price • • ... .... . *.. . ..... . t9O«(/9
X A(l For skirts that were $6.50 and $7.50; A lot of better grade walking skirts, those that sold
g made of fine quality fancy figured and «**& at $8.00 and $8.50 and on up to $11.00.
S novelty weave in alpaca and woolens, nicely pleated, S i^f W T &*** ° n^ * U
If f „ , „ well tailored and perfect fitting ; for this C+m? f*r\
g fuU and well cut sale, your choice. • .... . ... . . $(.OU
I Boys' '7sc Blouse Waists sOc
The celebrated X and S make, laundered blouse waist with collar attached, in the newest f\r>
h\ summer patterns, and full assortment of sizes to begin the sale with, each ......' OUv
| Safe Lawn Waists 25c Neckwear, 13c
Jf These unusual values just in time for the hot speD : Another of our crowd-bringing Neckwear Sales begins this momma.
£ 1 00 dozen nice lawn waists, attractive styles, the very *» . half P rice \u25a0otadion. Point Gaze stock
» I. \u25a0 '\u25a0 . j • • » »L » \u25a0. L J !• ' \u25a0•'» J J Wlt& tab m and ecru, pretty Bower and leaf desizn* all white
£ latest designs waists that cannot be duplicated under -wash .tocks. -\% ". dainty opea-wS^nb^id^S
J» 75c and $1.00 when this lot IS gone, priced EZf\f> b*tiste tab; white and batter color Venise Dutch collars, pointed
tf for the special sale • ......... OvFW effects; al*o a nice assortment of turn-ovct collars, m <
$ A collection of dainty sh^r lawn waisU. neatly trimmed with Uce «nbroideiy and ! drawn-work ejects, both white and E -C^
X: or embroidery, many styles to select froW values up QQ. ecru; instead of 25c each .. .. *^-T^
to $1.50, marked for this sale .......... t/OC - '
H $1.50 waists of fine sheer lawn, trimmed with dainty laces; f&flf* £9ifo&3f*&WG $^F *%
Jf also a few tan lawns piped in red; marked for this .special ,mmMßjßSijMM9jf fnri?
If **** -' ' ••• •'\u25a0' ;'' •\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0-• '\u25a0 ' ' •'•;•. '' ' : S1»18 jj yon neet l a p^tty 3^.Jach^good qoaSty Taffeta Ribbon for sash or
•£ ! '^j — . ; neck or millinery purposes, participate in this sale of 10,000 yards,
!& - imu \u25a0 - -m* -mm n* **>.**. in white, pink, light blue, cardinal, turquoise and black. They are
1 \ Novelty Belts 29c k * h . from the lccms: shcu!d be 2Oc - but the « reat % *
£ . . . •-.-., v- - «^ quantity we have purchased brought the price down, so IFt
* ytfOrth &t LCaSt $ImOO • ** we can « !ltJlem - begtnnmg this morning, yard . . \u25a0» *W
i 1000 latest style imported leather belts, fancy Afk __ -- - . j— - - — » sm**
J leather in many different shadings, \vith moire £yQ BUttOr lO—OaV? 32 C
*C centers in contrasting colors; fancy girdle back .. . \u0084 . \u0084 ... . '\u25a0'-': ,
£ leather belts, trimmed with tinsel braid and buttons; tlt is that usual choxce quaky which each week pleases
J fancy leather belb, trimmed with velvet and velvet but- *°^^ end-of-the-week butter sales;
Jf W;:ffe etc.; manufactured^oseD for $1.00; begin.- e 7 s OH ye* Oil-Regularly $1.00 bottle. ... . . SSo
2; rung this morning, twenty-nine cents. .-\u25a0 Walnuts-Sweat and meaty. 1b . .... . .... .12%0
£ •• Hawaiian Pineapple— Shced. ca .-. - i . . . >. :200
tf '\u25a0- "^ Raisins— Fanqr seeded— l6c package. 4 for . . .'•;•> . . 250
ti Thf*4&£* N Mf^f* 'flfi&K Kinghan's Ham— Boiled and sliced. Ib •• • 280
«f • *#«^^«^ MWm%M%* k^St&ZfM Queen Olives— Large imported, quart 45 O
I &mmm**mw**%— •^M&&m Manzanillas-Fancy quaKry. quart -. . . 2Qo
V &UST&MFMGr /3^^-J^ RI P c Olives— Large and meaty, quart 4O O
X .^ ___. rni^m^lfw Beans— Small, white, 6 lbs 25c
£ TVk»G A&BST'S* Deviled Ham or Tongue— 6 tea X|.l.lJ4«|»frCT?gso
\ * ***^9 H* *****? JJB&M Wilson Whisky— "That'i all"— spedaL bottle 78C
tf C\ or^rrtrl- ™\Ao ciß' n'KKnn ' Cyrus Noble Whisky— Full pint bottles SQo
\ OpenWOrk Wide Silk ribbon #g&^ Sweet WineS-AngeEca. Muscatel. Tokay. Madeaa or Malaga.
J Sandals, patent COU I I our 5 year okL $130 goal-
J» vamp, dull kid quar-' 11^ . /7^ m . . $1.05
| ter, medium high .^^pja^/^lggj^:
* French heels, hand- Asti Claret-G a 1!0n...^0
I *^ ritinnTlTht' •'"'" ' ~- "— *\u25a0— ' y** I "*^*-*":* 2 -™
» $2.^0. beginning this \u25a0\u25a0 rtairr^^ I^^^^ Val Blatz Beer— l doz. qts,
V morning, all d> | OQ -^Bg^&W^^JkM ERICA'S GRAND£^T STORS $1.95; I doz. pti.Sl»lO
CHICAGO YOUTHS ENDANGER
THE LIFE OF, A PLAYMATE
Lock Him In a Freight Car, Which Is
Soon Afterward Taken Out ot +
;the Railroad Yards.
DETROIT. July 6. — Percy Denean, a
young lad nving at 46 Bruce avenue. Is
supposed to be locked in a freight car
which left Detroit on Tuesday and the
destination of which Is not known.
Playmates locked the door In fun when
the Denean boy had . climbed Inside.
When the car was taken; out ot }h«
yards they became frightened and tola
what 5 they ; had r done. They were un
able to give any adequate description
of the car arid the parents of the lad
are frantic with anxiety.
ARM Y,; AND NXVY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, July e.^-Navy orders:
Rear Admlrad W. H. Whiting has been
placed on the retired list of the Navy
Department, to take effect from July 8,
whenlhe" will ;be detached from the
naval training station at San Francisco.
; Army orders : Post - Quartermaster
Sergeant ~ Robert . Jennings "will j return
from the Philippine Islands ' and upon
arrival . at ; San Francisco with Company
1/ Third -2 Battalion^ of : Engineers," will
report '«to the . commanding general .. of
the Department , of California, who will
send; him , ; to : Fort? Desoto.'f Florida, for
duty.,' Post Quartermaster \u25a0 Sergeant
William J. Foster, is : ordered back from
the Philippine Islands and upon : arrival
at San* Francisco 'with , the ' Seventeenth
Infantry will report to the commanding
general of J the « Department of - Calif or-,
niai - who will send : ; him ", to • Fort * Snell-_
ing, % Minn:,: x to^ relieve Post! Quarter
master.; Sergeant ;• Albert >'; H. Krabeke,
,whoiwill:be;sent{to.the Presidio at San
Francisco 'and thence fto - Manila on «the
first; available Post ,Quar-;
termaster;- Sergeant 'i Joshua M.^ Gran-,
don;* at? Fort -Dupont,'; Del., •is \u25a0to \u25a0 be ' sent
! to * Fort f. Yellowstone, v .iWyo.,s to i relieve
Post ' Qua rtermaste r; Sergeant John" Del-^
mar.i who7 v wiir x proceed iXoj the
atiSah.FrariciscoJand-fromithere'goT.to
Manila [on \ the • first / available' transport^
Post 'Quartermaster,; Sergean t James; R/
;Gillespler. now, inUhe Philippine*lslarids,
' is^relieved^froms further; duty
•Philippines^ division/ 'He, will be tsent
: to? San" ; Francisco,* reporting on; arrival
there to the commanding general of the
Department of California and by letter
to the Military Secretary of the. army
for further orders.- First Class Sergeant
Don an, at 'Fort • Banks. Mass.. : Is to be
sent to the depot for recruits and cas
uals at Fort McDowell and later will
sail on the transport leaving San Fra
ncisco about July 31 ; for the Philippine
Islands. First- Class Prtvat© Henry C.
Baker. Hospital Corps, at Fort Sam
Houston, , after re-enlistment -in - - the
Hospital Corps, Is. to be sent .'.to tho
depot for recruits and casuals at Fort
McDowell and from there to the Philip
pine Islands on the , transport leaving
San Francisco about September 30. On
arrival at Manila. he will report to. the
commanding general. of th« Philippines
division 'for assignment to duty. Ord
nance ; Sergeant Charles : Maurer." at the
Presldlo'of San Francisco. Is to be sent
to Fort Duchesne, Utah, to' relieve' Ord-.
nance. Sergeant' Richard Kuehne. who
will ; be ;- sent "_ to . the Presidio at San
Francisco for. duty."
BERLIX, '.\u25a0 July : 6. — Germia exixxt* to , tbe
TJnlted States were ; about $119,302,243 durlay
the . year ending . June SO. : or $12,000,000 mor«
than during the preceding fiscal year.
&SAJKB3 B _. B Every woman coreta a
HmwM £& Bt&S&BjEb Mxf s^aP^^y t pretty figure, and
Bwrttf &m.MB 3 3 %SJF&W many of them deplprs tha
. • loss of their girlisb forms
Wk JeW ___ after marriage. The bearing
All , of ; this can be avoided,
however, by the cuse of Mother's Friend before baby comet, v dv»
great . liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother** Friend overcomes all tha
danger of child-birth; and carries .the expectant mother safely through
this critical \ period , pain. It .is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of- the benefit and relief derived from th«
use of i this .wonderful
book, telling all about ' m^M M m
this liniraent, will be sent free. ffiT ji^| MJt^k M*M Mm
Tte BntffieM Rsolittr Ca.. Afliita. 6a.* M mm&BWmMM
COMPELS SCHOO.VEK CAPTAET
TO LOWER THE BRITISH FLAO
Collector of the Port at Charlotte
Force* \u25a0 Canadian Skipper to Re
\u25a0pect Our National Holiday.
ROCHESTER. N. V.. July «.— A pro
test uas been filed with the Canadian
Minister ot Marine by Captain Sim
mons of the Canadian schooner Acaoia.
because the port collector.. Duane
Bump, compelled hlaa to lower tiia
British flag on : his vessel in the har
bor- at Charlotte on July 4.
\u25a0\u25a0 Collector Bump was informed that
the Acacia had floated a large Union
Jack ' on the - morning of the Fourta
and \u25a0; ordered Captain Slmmona » to haul
it down, saying it was an insult to the
national holiday. Simmons • refused
and threatened to shoot the collector if
he boarded I his vessel. Finally. Sim
mons lowered the flag when threatened
with refusal of his clearance papers.
HELENA. Mont.. July «.— Vtn which orig%»
sated in Lucien" t uloon and store at Cokedal«>
a coal camp near Lrvtcgston, to-day d«*traj«4
a rood portion of tho business part of tn* town.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS . . . Proprietor
~~" ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO \ V
3CIIS McXAUGHT . j^-jjjj— _• -j^ • • • • '^^H^-
PUBLICATION' OFFICE..." THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. EAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY • 7:. .JULY. 7, 1905
SECRETARY TAFT AND THE CHINESE.
Q ECRETARY TAFT, in language that is incapable of miscon
struction, has made plain his attitude toward the classes of
i\(- Chinese who are exempt from the exclusion law. When he
and the President declared that these exempts should have then
rights, and that instead of being treated as criminals they should re
ceive the courtesy due to their character, both were accused of
nullifying the exclusion law. * \u25a0'^. i . ;
KThe as to that law is, that China assented to it, provided
for it in the treaty, and so far hs known that Government has never
sought to evade it. But tiie Chinese are a commercial people." It
is generally admitted thit hi all Asia the best, most enterprising
and most honorable merchants are the Chinese, together with the
Parsecs of Bombay. In Eastern Asia, Java, Ceylon, the Straits
Settlements, the Chinese merchants and bankers are the great com
mercial and financial force. Our Asiatic trade is especially depend
ent upon their good will and participation. If we were the only
source of their supply of merchandise, we might afford to overlook'
their assistance, but we have, in Great Britain and Germany, com
jxetitors who are keen to take advantage of our mistakes. j
. No greater mistake could be made than to class all Chinese as
coolies and deny to them the rights of man. It is this mistake that
Secretary Taft and the President insist shall not be made. They
abate none of the vigilance required for the enforcement of the ex
clusion against the forbidden class, but insist that its rigors shall
not apply to the exempts. What less could they do and do their
duty? Our Government has stood conspicuous among the nations
as the friend of China, in demanding for that empire only what is
just. We have prevented the partition of China. We saved her
SQil from conquest as a possible result of the ( present war. We
refused to take advantage of her forlorn state in the Boxer rebellion,
ajnd did our might to prevent other nations from fattening upon her
weakness.
* As a result of this just and humane policy we had the right
to expect fair equality in the enjoyment of her commercial oppor
tunities. BuUthe Chinese merchants and the enlightened classes
among that people are a courteous folk. They keep their contracts.
They resent injustice. It is useless now to rehearse the instances
in which both justice and courtesy were denied to them by the ad
ministrative officers of this Government through the mistake of
classing them all as coolies. If China, or any other Government,
acted upon the theory that all Americans are of the class that are
jammed and congested upon the east side of New York City, and if
"our merchants, students and travelers upon going abroad were re
fused credit to their passports, and were mewed in such places as
the vile detention shed in this city, we would realize the injustice
and would forcibly resent it.
As for the coolie question, we have to learn that there are
coolies outside of Asia, and we will dignify our policy by equality of
treatment, accorded impartially to the people of all nations. We
are big enough and just enough to do this. When we do it, the
last impediment to our large participation in the trade of China will
be removed. , <
RUSSIAN EFFORTS FOR FREEDOM.
THE Russian, Vladimir G. Simkhovitch, who is a lecturer on
the history of his country in Columbia University, gives us in
a recent review an account of that secret force, terrorism,
which shows what a fluctuating and unknown quantity it is in the
combination of influences that will determine Russia's future. Ter
rorism is such a widely different proposition in Russia from what
it would be in our country that a knowledge of Russian conditions
is necessary before we can understand it at all. The difference is
almost as great as that between- murder and homicide done in self
defense. However much we may believe the methods of terrorism
to be a mistake even in .Russia, we must admit that some of the ter
rorists act under the sway of noble impulses and are framed of the
stuff of which martyrs are made.
It is plain that this Russian savant who holds a responsible
place in one of our great universities does not look upon the higher
types of the terrorists of his country with any such horror as is in
our feelings toward an assassin. Indeed, the giib Vera Zassulitch,
who killed General Trepoff, is almost glorified by the courageous
act she did for love of country and in proud disdain of consequence.
The jury who acquitted her are believed to have given the verdict
of intellectual and patriotic Russia. Russian society, Russian public
opinion, is pronounced morally responsible for the deeds of those
terrorists who have taken justice in their own hands. Turgenieff, a
great man and one of the foremost of novelists, wrote a prose- poem
about the self-abnegation of such an act. The girl is at the thres
hold of her deed. A voice, heard only by her, reasons with her—
asking if she knows what awaits. "Cold, hunger, hatred, derision,
contempt, insults, prison, suffering, even death?" The. girl replies,
"I know it." The voice said, "Enter, then," and she crossed the
threshold.
The power of the terrorists wax.es and wanes with the amount
of justification they have for their acts. The society numbers
about half a million, but there are vast multitudes more who sym
pathize with them when they do away with such a man as Trepoff,
but who condemn them when they make such a mistake as . was
the killing of the Emperor Alexander 11. That deed of Czar killing
cost them a long setback from the power of influencing Russian
thought. At the present time their prestige is leviving Their in
genious argument of the right of tempering despotism by assassina
tion is gaining ground. "After the St. Petersburg massacre of the
22d of January thousands of the stanchest and most cool r headed
•law and order men became terrorists."
JAPANESE PROSPERITY.
JAPAN'S "Financial and Economic Annual" for 1905, issued by
the Department of Finance, makes not only a showing of rapid
increase in prosperity, but the remarkable, one that the. war
has been a stimulus rather than a hindrance to economic improve
ment. On the subject of the budget for' the extraordinary expenses
of the war the report says: "We have in fact evidence from every
direction that the heavy burden imposed by war has not in the least
degree impaired the economic development of the nation." East
year the foreign trade was more prosperous than ever. Deposits
made in banks and postofficc savings banks are the biggest ever at
tained. Economically the nation has not suffered from those evil
effects which usually appear in time of war. „ ;i
• In arranging for the burdens of war the Government has levied
special taxes with the result that local taxes have been actually, re
duced. The nation is paying taxes more promptly, than in time of
peace, -and the people seem to have plenty of capital at their dis
posal, as is evidenced by the increased bank deposits, of savings. The
municipal authorities have economized in local expenditure by post
j>o.iing the comparatively less important of the various public un
dertakings. One of the striking indications of Japanese prosperity
is that the exports of raw materials have fallen off to be replaced
by much larger exports of manufactured /articles,: thus' '-.showing 'ttie
development of her industries. _ Since Japan began" to be victorious
in her struggle with Russia her trade with Korea and China has
jumped to a much greater volume. The whole report has the
strength of assured confidence, and certainly those who have loaned
money to Japan, of whom many are' Americans, need not be alarmed
about their investment.
Justice Holmes, of the Supreme Court, says that dealing in futures is
the "self-adjustment of society to the probable." Ever hear gambling, called
«nr'i a nice name before?— Kansas City JournaL
THE SAN ;• FRANGISGO \u25a0 FRIDAY.' 7 JULY \7-.. 1905.
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. Waterhouse
A FOOL there was in a day of old—
But this is not saying the: poor
fool's 'dead—
Who was plucked and plundered arid bar
tered and sold . \u0084. •
By the rascal knaves by whom he was
led. %
"With a fine", sleek rogue in the chair of
state, .
And a rogue yet sleeker to prompt 1 him
still.
Jligh at their feast the' corruptionists
sate —
And the poor, poor fool, he paid the bill.
The poor, poor fool, he \ paid the bill,
Toiled for hiS'dollars and saw them go,
"Watered with sweat the store or the mill
That a knave somewhere might the fat
ter grow.
And the rascally gang-ran to and fro,.
Shrilling for votes, by the public fed.
And the poor fool voted to keep them so —
I do not suggest that the fool is dead.
A fool one day had a 'notion bright,
As the gods have decided the foolish
may.
And he rose in his place, as he rose in
his might,. \-
And a question he asked which ran
this way:
"These be our servants and we are the
king, -
Though an arch rogue whispers the
. » . rogue in the chair;
Our will is supreme, so I ask this thing:
Why do we vote to keep them there?"
I
Envoy.
Fool who are reading, wherever you be—
Fool like myself, as I freely declare— :
Here is the question for you and for me:
Why do we vote to keep them there?
MARS WILL NOT COMMUNICATE.
THE ether-ship that had made the
Journey to and from the earth drew
nearer and nearer . to Mars and at
last it alighted. Thereupon the Martians
gathered about It, took the occupant from
his ship and removed the patented air
supplier from his" nose. For a moment
or two he stood totteringly upon his feet
before he l6*oked about him. Then the
Oldest Martian Settler addressed him:
"Well, can we establish communication
with the earth?" the settler asked.
"Sure! But you can bet your sweet
life we don't want to."
"Why not?"
"Just wait till I get a little unmanu
factured air and I'll tell you all about it."
The distinguished traveler took several
gulps of Martian atmosphere, and then
continued:
"When I arrived in the great earth
city of Boschisanyorkadelphia an elec
tion was not far distant. Soon I discov
ered that certain men called 'de gang'
ran to and : fro, yelling, 'Nominate and
elect me! Nominate and elect me!" and
many of these men already were in.ofv
flee, having yelled theretofore, as "I
learned. There were certain men whose
self-respect did not permit them to "ask
for an office the occupant of which
should be chosen by the /people, and not
by himself, but the yellers almost in
variably secured the nomination. 'It Is
a matter of taste,' I said to myself:
'perhaps we Martians lay too much stress
on modesty and decency, and not enough
on nerve and gall.' \u25a0
"So I let that pass.
"Then I read the newspapers, and 1
found that they openly charged the of
fice-holders, many of whom were re
nomlnated, with rascality and. knavery.
'Wait,' said I to myself, 'until the office
holders read these articles. Then won't
libel suits dim the horizon!' But they
didn't— not a dim. Every once in a while
an office-holder, was- arrested for cor
ruption, and if he was acquitted his kind
held a praise and prayer meeting, and if
he was convicted tears bedimmed their
eyes. 'It's mighty queer,' said I to my
self. , ,
"Still, I let it pass.
"Still the yell of 'fraud and corruption!'
went up, still damning circumstances
were unexplained, still the silence of the
officials gave affirmation to every charge
against them, and every once in a while
one of them .was convicted amidst the
moans of his fellows.
"But I let it pass.
"'For.' said I to myself, - 'the people
are only waiting till election day. Then
the rascals will hear something drop, and
they will be it/ Well, election day came
around, and— say, what do you fellows
think the people down there did?" \u0084,
"First tarred and feathered < 'de gang'
and then kicked them out of office,"
several Martians suggested.
"That's where you are mistaken; they
elected the most of them again. -, .'
A. universal groan went up.
"And that's why I say that we don't
want to open communication c with the
earth. The people down there . probably
would corrupt our system of municipal'
government." .
"But," interposed a saintly-looking
Martian, \"we might teach them how to
govern themselves better and. more de
cently."
"Say!" the traveler remarked, "did
you ever meet 'de gang?' "
"Well— no— of ' course not."
"Well then, don't say a word. I have."
• A RURAL. LYRIC.
WHO ' doth not ; love the rural
charm,
The breeze that at your heart
strings tugs,
The thousand pleasures of the farm.
And bugs?
Full oft I lay me down to dream
Where rippling waters gleam and
glance, , '\u25a0 ">\u25a0 - .; :\u25a0\u25a0".'\u25a0-'
Cheered by the prattle of the stream,
And ants.
I love each tiny,, chirping note
That every day an Eden makes.
The waving fields or! wheat or oaf.
And snakes. '
Let the world-turmoil never cease.
It cannot here my spirit, hurt, /
Deep hidden In this realm of peace, .'
And dirt. • r
A FOOL ON FOOLS.
THERE are two kinds of fools— the
other kind and myself.
The folly of the other kind Is
quite Inexcusable. , '.- .
"Fools rush in where .angels fear to
tread"— and as a, consequence they fre
quently get = all the good things on the
bargain counter. '.. ', • \u0084 \;. \u0084 .'.. \u0084-\u25a0; . "
."A fool and j his \u25a0 money I are soon , part
ed"—but : I .n ever*; knewv a t wise ;. man to
hold his much ' more" than i seventy : ; or
eighty 'years,: and generally less, o , - 1 -..
No fool' need; feel discouraged. VHe may
attain quite j a reputation i in . society if , he
will i look solemn '\u25a0 and ; say little. \ : ;••j --
There is this i difference }}\u25a0 between -\u0084 the
folly of twenty . years | and , that of forty :
the former 'Is not' hopeless. ;> \u25a0..- \ '.'•••
Some men-make "fools J ; of ; themselves
often. ' Others %•\u25a0 never} do— they,; .:; cannot ; ,
nature saved them the trouble. .
\u25a0 Special i Information j supplied .daily.- to
business ; houses 'and 5 public; men* by J the
Press Clipping. Bureau (Allen's), "3o Cali
fornia' street. >Telephone Main 1042. • .
Townsend's;Cala>, Glace Fruits, in ar
tistic fire-etched- boxes?; New store how'
open,' 76 7 Market stree**r, ", : >• v
Assouan
Dam in
Danger
SOME engineers in New York who
have watched with, interest , ; the
enormous project of damming, the
mighty Nile: at Assouan, Egypt, are re
ceiving reports, from time to time
which; convince them that the danger
of the destruction of the dam, is '\u25a0 in'-fj
creasing rather than diminishing, as
the British engineers would; have -the
"world believe. ' When it, was discovered
that the dam -was not high enough to
furnish the water necessary. for irrigat
ing the entire 'area .which was 'to have
been iraade fertile -by It the proposal
was made that the dam be raised. This
has- been vetoed by the engineers and
they are now devoting. their energies
to protectlng.the bed of the river with
a cement \u25a0floor to prevent the water
from eating under and toppling over
the great pile of masonry which con
fines . the river, says the New York
Tribune. : > .
All prospect of raising the dam has
been abandoned for at least two years,
according to a statement made by Sir
Benjamin- Baker,; consulting engineer,
who recently returned to London from
an inspection of the dam. It will take
this long to complete the pavement
•which is being thrown across the river
to : protect the dam. Sir ; Benjamin de
clares that this delay" willbe good for
Egypt, as it will stop speculating in
land. ~ • . \u0084 .
BREAK WOULD BE DISASTROUS.
Perhaps no one" in New York is more
familiar with Egyptian irrigation pro
jects, including the Assouan dam, than
F. Cope Whitehouse, who lives at the
Park Avenue Hotel when not in New
port. He has studied the Egyptian
situation for the last ten years and has
made discoveries by personal explora-r
tion- that have attracted the- attention
of the British Department of Public
Works. ,\u25a0\u25a0' , ;.; ".. \\£}- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 • . \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0
, "While there is no Immediate danger
of a break In the dam at Assouan, the
situation is rapidly becoming more
grave," said Mr. Whitehouse to a
Tribune reporter a few days ago. "Brls
lsh engineering authorities are sending
out comforting bulletins to the effect
that nothing has occurred at Assouan
which has not been expected. Yet the
very facts that they are taking most
expensive steps to protect the dam and
have given, up the project of raising it
in order to increase the amount of
storage and enable the dam to Irrigate
the district which; the specifications
promised are sufficient cause for alarm.
One must consider that v the breaking
away of the dam would be an '• Inter
national calamity such as modern dis
tory does not record, and would cause
the* sweeping of every thing In the Nile
Valley to Cairo and the sea.
INFLATED PRICES FOR LAND.
"The Nile rise's about- the first week
in July, after the monsoon occurs in
India and when. the rain is falling over
the whole . of Central ' Africa. . A dam
could not be built which could hold
back this flood, which amounts to
1,000,000,000 tons a day. At this period
at Assouan the sluices in the dam are
opened and the water rushes through
them at a rate of forty miles an hour.
There are 140 of ..t hese sluices, seven
feet wide and twenty-two feet high, in
the dam. They are at different levels,
and by November, when the Nile has
fallen sufficiently, some jof the • lower
ones are shut off and the water grad
ually rises behind the dam and backs
off. The distance covered by the back
water is 150 miles, or, say, the distance
from New " York to Albany. r Its great
est depth is eighty feet • £ *
"About this time last year it became
known in Egypt that the project of
raising the dam 19 feet 6 inches, as ap
proved by Sir Benjamin Baker and rec
ommended by Sir W. Garstin, adviser to
the Public Works .Ministry, could not
be carried out This, however, was not
announced until March of this year.
So far the public seems scarcely -to
realize the situation with which Egypt
Is now confronted. There Is a vast
acreage of land awaiting reclamation
which was purchased on the strength
of promises made by British engineers
at : highly Inflated prices.
WATER'S TERRIFIC FORCE.
"It appears that the dam Is being
gradually weakened by the force of
the. water passing through the sluices,
and, according to the new theory of the
stress to which masonry dams \u25a0 are
subjected, advanced by Professor. Karl
Pearson, it Is liable 'to tilt over and a
vertical crack develop, g Then, again,
the bed of the Nile Is being eroded by
the sluices, great holes j being torn by
the force of the water. If this mis
chief be left unchecked the holes will
extend .to the base of the dam: itself
and may eventually undermine the
structure. ' for this ' reason \u25a0 a : masonry
floor is being laid. This is a most dif
ficult operation owing to -the power of
the water. In- one instance where a
block was not properly laid the water
found its way in and moveda piece of
masonry, weighing seventy-five tons. 'lt
even carried this enormous : weight a
considerable distance." \u25a0
Mr. Whitehouse is still at work on
his project to fill the . depression which
he discovered in the ; desert y seventy
miles south of Cairo, and make a, lake
of 250,000 square miles. \u25a0; This lake would
furnish an escape for the I dangerous 10
per : cent*, of ; the ; Nile ';. flood, ; which from
time to time j has caused .appalling j losses
of life and property, and would serve to
Irrigate, an. enormous -district. \u25a0•!\u25a0'\u25a0•
Linger Here a While and Have a Morning Smile.
INHERITED.
>: Miranda— There I goes > Reg
gie i de : Courcy. i '.What a pe
cullar-gait-he^has!-/\u25a0: •-\u0084\u25a0 ; ;
v that's his
f amily 'carriage! . . /
Duping the Medical Men.
DR.i LANER < has always . been proud
of his astuteness in detecting any
kind :of a scheme that seemed in
any way . connected with a confidence
game. It is, 1 consequently, with all the
more distaste that he Is forced to listen
to the jokes that his friends are now
making concerning his latest exploit.' 1
•A few days ago a well-dressed stranger
rushed into: his office .and sank into a
ehairl "Doctor,",, he 'gasped. "I'm afraid—
,I;was struck— l don't know but what- — "
\u25a0 "What's the trouble ?"Jasked thephysi
cian, as the man's voice trailed off into
silence. The , stranger put his * hands to
his side. He ; made several ineffectual ef
torts to -speak before he said: "An auto
mobile struck \ me." -
"Possible internal injuries," thought the
doctor. . - > . . * '
He set, about making an examination of
the patient at once. : It. was hurried, but
it was thorough. He could discover posi
tively no evidence of any Injury done the
man, but he thought It very possible that
some i very serious complication might
arise from the pains of which his patient
complained. -'
"It might be the very -best course for
you to go to one ; of the hospitals," he
told the stranger. The ether dissented.
"1 have an important business deal on in
Los Angeles.'Vhe said; "one that I must
go there to j attend to at once. . As soon as
I come back : I shall come to you again
and then, if you -think it necessary, I
shall go in." ; \
:',The?. doctor .fthdught that this might be
unwise:.' "lf is difficult to tell just how
you may be hurt," he demurred, "but, as
well as I can judge now, you are all right,
except for the nervousness."
"I am so relieved," said the stranger,
wringing the hand of the physician grate
fully. ; "Now, doctor, ; what is your
charge?" Dr. Laner : stated that it was
$3 for the examination^ \u25a0
"All right," sir," said the patient,
promptly. He put his hand down in the
pockets and withdrew, a handful of small
change. , A. ss gold piece glittered in the.
collection. He looked .at it carefully. "I.
don't like to part with that," he said, re
gretfully. "It's my luck. Let's see "if I
haven't something else with me."
; From his vest pocket he produced a wal-
Atmosphere of Failure.
WHAT would you think of a young man, ambitious to become a
lawyer, who should surround himself with a medical atmosphere
j and spend his time reading medical books? asks O. S. Marden, in »
Success. Do' you think tie. would ever become a great lawyer by following
such a course? No, he must put himself into a law atmosphere, where he
can absorb it and be steeped in It. until he is attuned to the legal note.
He must be grafted into the legal tree so that he can feel its sap circulat
ing through him. \u25a0\u25a0 ;
How long would It take a young man to become successful who puts
himself into an atmosphere of failure and remains in it until he is soaked
to saturation with the idea? How long would It take a man who de
preciates himself, talks of failure, thinks of failure/ walks like a failure
and dresses like a failure — who is always complaining of the insurmount
able difficulties In his way. and whose every step is on the road to failure —
how long would it take him to arrive at the success goal? Would any one
believe in himSor expect him to win?*
The majority of failures began to deteriorate by doubting or depreciat
ing themselves, or by losing confidence in their own ability. The moment
you harbor doubt and begin to lose faith in yourself, you capitulate to
the enemy. Every time you acknowledge weakness, inefficiency^or lack of
ability you weaken your self-confidence, and that is to undermine the very
foundation of all achievement. . . -'
So long as you carry around a failure atmosphere and radiate doubt
and discouragement, you will be a failure. Turn about face, cut off all
the currents of failure thoughts, of discouraged thoughts. Boldly face your
goal with a stout heart and a determined endeavor, and you will find things
will change for you; but you must see a new world before you can live In
It. It Is to what you see, to what you believe, to what'you struggle Incest
santly to attain, that you will approximate.
Questions Hard to Answer.
CAN you understand —
Why a man who has to pay his wife's dressmaking and cleaning bills
will sit in a street car wtih one foot across his knee, so that every
woman who passes him must brush her frock against the dirty sole of his
shoe? ! .
Why any woman who has ever watched a newsboy or an Italian pea
nut vendor make change will slip a dime or a nickel into her mouth while
she is using both hands to investigate her purse or bag?
Why a man who, in bearing and dress, is to all intents a gentleman,
can sit m a crowded street car with a half cold or smoldering cigar in his
hand until the odor from that stub will sicken all the women and most of
the men in his vicinity?
. Why a pretty girl who talks in^a loud voice in public places imagines
that all men who are watching her N furtlvely or openly are lost in admira
tion?
, Why a man In a crowded street car would rather open and shut the front
door for twenty women than move down two feet and hang on a strap?
Why a woman will walk seven blocks to save two cents a yard on a piece
of silk and then, fall .to observe that the butcher is. holding out the bones
and trimmings of her. Sunday roast, and the iceman is occasionally adding
an extra five cents to his bill?/ . : , •\u25a0
Why a man will dodge trolleys, drays and policemen In a mad rush to
reach his office and then line up with messenger boys/ tourists and other
men, presumably as busy as himself, to watch a fire company turn a stream
of water on a two-penny blaze?
. Why a woman will rush recklessly in, front of a moving trolley car to
greet a friend, and then threaten to s»ue the motor company because Its man
almost ran her down? . . .
.Why the clerk of whom you earnestly desire* to buy. goods would rather
hear about "Mame's new mohair skirt" than display her employer's stock?
Philadelphia Inquirer.
A nswers to Queries.
NEW YORK MAYOR— W. D.. City. A.
Oakey : Hall' was Mayor of j*New - York
City from 1869 to 1872.
MARKET STREET— A. S., City. The
line of Market, street In San Francisco,
AN EQUAL; FOOTING.
Mugsy— Did i yer .- ever think .
of it.'jßugs, idat ; i.we's on "de
same level^ob- a lot -ob rich :
men?;7-j;. \u25a0/\u25a0'\u25a0•\u25a0. \u25a0' :
X ; Rugsy^-jWhat's yer givln", -
me'now? ' .)\u25a0 '\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . '
\;v Mugsy— Why, f we, lives wid
outtworkinVV;,; ~ : .' r \u25a0'\u25a0".'
*«Ota, Not at All."
let. There were papers , galore, but no
bills. "Here Is a check for $7 95." he said.
"I wish that I had the even amount. This
will not inconvenience you, doctor?"
"Oh, not at all," said Dr. Laner.
The stranger went with a promise to
return as soon as he had accomplished his
important business deal. The check has
been returned to : Dr. Laner from the
bank. No such person as his patient ever
had an account there. And Dr. Laner*s
only satisfaction Is in the knowledge that
five other physicians of his acquaintance
have had the same experience with the
same stranger. They think that if he
works it systematically he will soon have
acquired enough money to purchase an
automobile that he may run Into himself
to add to the realism of his story.
according to .the* compass. Is northeast
southwest.
THE VAMOSE— C. I* S., City. During
the Spanish-American War the yacht Va
mose, owned by. W. R. Hearst, was of-
had; been around.
Waiter— A thief has stolen
your overcoat.; sir.-.
.Customer— Never mind, : I'll
get it back/- Every pawnbrok
er^ln town knows my 'over
coat.- ' - ; •
The Smart
Set
Sally Sharp
All social attention is focused upon
the reception to-morrow night at ITra.
Eleanor Martin's home on Broadway,
at which the smart set of San Fran
cisco will be presented to Miss Alice,
the President's daughter, and the moat
interesting maid In America at the
present moment — interesting, too. upon
her own personal account, for she la
bright, entertaining, a good listener,
an earnest talker, high-bred without
hauteur, and wholly without sham or
affectation.
These qualities were specially noted
by the guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. VT.
Foster, who accompanied the party
about the bay and up to the sacred
groves of Bohemia, where Joy and
Good Cheer reign and CareP entereth
not.
The sublime beauty of the grove with
its hoary redwoods made a deep im
pression upon the fair guest of honor
— as Indeed upon all who were lucky
enough to be on the guest list — and
she found free expression for her joy
at seeing the splendid monarchs of the
forest.
To-morrow the suburban trains will
bear hosts of society folk homeward
for the big affair of the evening.
Truly will it be a pretty sight, tor
the army and navy contingent will be
on hand • with Its splendid brass and
braid — a worthwhile setting for' a
smart function.
To-day Miss Leslie Green, the much
feted tlanoee of Howard Huntlngton,
will be the honored guest at a tea
given by Mrs. Ralph Phelps (nee
Boone) of Berkeley. Assisting In re
ceiving 1 will be Mrs. "Will Olney. Miss
Florence White, Miss Carol Day. Miss
Kelcey Patterson, Miss Marion Wilson.
Miss Bertha Goodrich, Miss Ruth
Green, Miss Beth Livermore. Miss Ma
rion Huntington. Miss Elizabeth Hunt
ington and Mrs. J. A. Phelps.
To-morrow the Dog Show opens at
Santa Cruz and many San Franciscans
wno are sojourning there will enter
their dogs. Among them is Miss Ethel
Hager, whose English pug "Nifty" will
be entered and be expected to take a
ribbon. It's a habit of his to be a
leader In metropolitan dog shows, and
It would be a terrible blow to him If
he didn't lift a medal In a rural beauty
show. ; 't' _"•-
It's a safe guess, however, that , he
will — this elegant "Nifty." who carries
himself with an air of tne Earl of
Pawtucket.
To-morrow Mrs. George Toland Cam
eron and her mother, Mrs. Cook, leave
for Colorado Springs, where they will be
joined later by Mr. Cameron.
Mr. and Mrs- Richard W. Davis, who
are occupying the Walnwrlght cottage
in Mill Valley for the summer, possess the
charming faculty of bringing together
bright, clever people, and their . week-end
parties are always famously Interesting.
George McPherson of Detroit, who is a
guest of theirs at present, is an enthusi
astic motorist and with Mr. and Mrs.
Davis left on Monday for San Jose In his
touring car. The party remained at the
Hotel Vendome over the Fourth and. on
Wednesday ran down to Del Monte, in
tending to return on Sunday.
Mrs. Otto Bendix gave a . dinner a
few evenings since, with Miss. Herz as
guest of honor. Among those invited to
meet Miss Herz were Mr. and Mrs.
Nathan Landsburger, William Spencer.
Howard, Eric Julihu and -Charles Lom
bard. ; ;i".v
Mrs. L. Clement and daughter. Miss
Ethel, have gone to Lake Tahoe for a
month, where they will be joined by
Mrs. Helen Clement Huse.
. The Alfred Sutros are receiving
bushels of congratulations over the ar
rival of a rugged little son In their
household.
The Morton L. Cooks have gone to
Blue Lakes, to remain until the middle
of August. Upon their return .to the
city they, will go to Portland. Seattle
and Vancouver.^
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall has returned
from a trip through the Northwest,
spending some time at the fair, where
she took an Intelligent Interest in the
things worth while.
fered to the Navy Department as an aux
iliary vessel.
PAYMASTER— P.. City. For Informa
tion relative to the examination of as
sistant, paymaster for the Pacific call at
the navy paymaster's office in the Phelan
building.
ANTS— O. 8., City. To rid a kitchen '
Infected with ants spread fresh lard on a
plate and* place It where the ants most
congregate. The Insects will forsake su
gar for lard, and when once they are on
the lard they cannot escape. "When there
i Is a good catch on the plate throw It Into -
a pan of boiling: water and then reset the
trap. |
INDEPENDENCE— M. H., Oakland.
Cal. History does not tell the hour when
the Declaration of Independence was
signed, but history does say that lata
In the afternoon of July 4, 1773, the doc
ument was approved and passed, ' and
that It 'was read July S. at noon. In Phil
adelphia, by John Nixon of the Commit*
tee of Eaftey.
HIS -PROTEST.
Chaplain , (to new prisoner)
—Is there any, request you
/would ] like >' presented to the
warden?
Convict— Yes: tell him
1 .there ;l3 no fire escape to thisHUNTINGTON ADVISES CARE
IN USING ANAESTHETICS.
Sees Less Danger in
% Operation Than
in Ether. x
American Surgeons
Hold Second
Session.
Eminent medical men from all over
the United States attended the second
day of the meeting of the American
Surgical Association at the St. Frances
Hotel yesterday. Fully 300 were in at
tendance. Dr. George Ben Johnston of
Richmond, Va., president of the so
ciety, presided.
Among- the able and learned papers
read was one by Dr. Thomas W. Hunt
::ig-ton of San Francisco, entitled "A
Review of the End Results in Cases of
rxophthalmic Goitre Treated Sur
pically." In remarks following 1 it. Dr.
Huntingdon said:
I think that Oriie hes demonstrated that
th-re are cases in which operating can be
<Sue »uh tolerable safety without ether and
!:: whicii we would do little less than com
ma manslaughter if we administered ether
tna tner* were fatal results.
We do not kill wlih an operation, but we
do (\u25a0\u25a0ir-.'-timee kill with an anesthetic I am
perfectly sure that two of my own patients
U:at recovered promiaiy would have died tl
Oilier had been civen.
In th« future we are going to see a les*
number of cases of laree thyroids than wo
have soen in the past. We are golnr to
f j c le.-^s distress and disastrous consequence*
from thyroid poisoning in the future, than we
hsvf seen in the pact.
The surgeon in the future In these case*,
will assume authority and Jurisdiction over
this kind of work which will be accredited
by his eollearu^s.
Dr. W. H. Carmalt, professor of sur
grcry at Yale University, eeuaking on
Dr. J. E. Moore's paper on "Spina-
Birtda," held that they had not been
very successful in operations on that
condition.
STATISTICS DOUBTFUL.
Dr. Dudley P. Allen, secretary of the
association, read the paper of Dr. Her
bert L. Burrell of Boston on "A Sum
mary of All the Cases of Fracture of
the Spine (244) Which Were Treated at
the Boston City Hospital From 1864 to
1305."
Dr. Burrell stated that he recognized
that statistics may be very deceptive
and that they may be made to prove al
most anything, yet certain generaliza
tions may be drawn from them.
While the figures speak for them
selves, it must be remembered that the
observations and the records were made
by a constantly changing staff of sur
geons.
Dr. Burrell purposely refrained from
drawing deductions from these figures,
for ha found that Dr. Crandon, who had
carefully gone over the records, ar
rived at one conclusion, while he, Bur
rell. arrived at onother.
If two individuals could reach differ
ent conclusions from an analysis of the
fane cases, ot showed clearly the fal
lacy of attempting to generalize from
cases that have been observed and re
corded by many different surgeons.
Dr. Burrell w<?nt on to state that In
juries of the spinal column that were
formerly considered to be wrenches of
the ppine were to-day known, in some
instance*, to be fractures of the spine,
without cord fymptoms.
•VDVISES GREAT CAUTION.
These cases were brought to the hos
pital with what is thought to be a
minor injury and were sooner or later
recognized as fractures of the spine.
He advised that the police exercise
great caution in cases of accidents.
The nursing care of patients had
frreatly improved and this had greatly
diminished the mortality.
The papers read were:
"Btwgiay of Lesion* of the Spinal Cord; (a)
J raumatisnis, (b) Inflammatione, <c> Xeo-
I lifms."
'A summary of ail the ea»e» of fractunTof
the t^pmp <244) which were treated at the Bos
ton City Hospital from 1864 to 1905." Herbert
L. Burroll. M. D.. Boston. Maaa
•A cas* of Future of the eplaal cord follow
•ng a gunshot Injury involving complete sever
f 1 10^ o£ the ftructure." George R. Fowler.
M. D . Brooklyn, K. Y.
"Inflammatory conditions of the spinal col
umn. 1 " De Forest Wiliard. M. D.. Philadelphia
">.>cpla«ns: their location and diagnosis."
Richard H. Harte. M. D.. Philadelphia.
"A report of three cases of lamincctomy for
neoplaama of the spinal cord w.th good le
mltm," J. Collins Warren M. T>., T)oe;on.
"Spina-Biflda." J. E. Moore. M. V. Min
neapolis.
"\u25a0A review of the end results In cases cf
exophthalmic goitre treated snrsicd.;iy."
Thomas W. Huntington. M. D., Saa Frxaslsco.
In the evening the members of tht.
society were entertained by the San
Francisco County Medical Society at a
"smoker" at the St. Francis Hotel, the
reception committee consisting of Di
Emmet Rixford, Dr. Beverly Mac-
M<">nagle. Dr. W. J. Terry. Dr. Philip
King Brown. Dr. Dudley Tait and Dr.
George Blumer.
The deliberations, of the society will
-be brought to a close to-day.
PERSONAL.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Raby, U. a N., are
at the Palace.
Captain Henderson and wife of Hon
olulu are at the Palace. •
Dr. T. R. Heintz of Redding is stop
ping at the Palace Hotel.
Dr. and Mrs. A. Fenyes of Pasadena
are stopping at the Palace HoteL
United States Senator Frank P. Flint
of Los Angeles Is in San Francisco.
A. Scott IJrowne and wife, wealthy
English pp<?p!e. have engaged apart
ments at the Palace Hotel.
W. J. Glllespie and wife and Miss
Gillesple of Tarewell. Va., and E- I*
Groover are stopping at the Palace.
Mrs. "William H. A very, wife of a
well-known lawyer of Los Angeles,
with Yerna and Russ Avery, is stop
ping at the Palace HoteL
H. Erwln, a vineyardist and wine
maker of Pomona, Fla.. is visiting the
State and investigating its wine indus
try. He is accompanied by his wife.
At present they are domiciled at the
Palace HoteL
Callfornlnn* In »vr York.
NEW YORK. July 6.— The following
Cniifornians pre In New York: .
From Pah Francisco— W. S. Gray, at
the Herald Square; D. Marx, at the Im
perial; F. E. Noonan and Mrs. U. R.
Shipley, at the Martha Washington: J.
W. authb^rt. Miss R. Gaynor and J. J.
Gaynor, at th« York; G. H. Demamlel
and wife, at the Earlington; J. H.
Hart, at the Hoffman; P. K. Arde, at
the Grand Union: C. A- Christian, Mrs.
L. S. ChrlFtian. Mrs. P. Fetas and C. G.
Ehr.rt, at th.c Bt Denis: Miss EL Henkel,
:;t the Savoy; J. McMullen. at the Her
ald Square; W. P. Reston, at the York;
V. I* Wolfe and "wife, at the St Denis.
From San Dieso— G. W. Lewis, at the
Grand Union.
From Los Angeles — Mrs. J. Kurr, at
the Kensington; Dr. H. G. Bayless, at
the Navarre: M. M. Jacobs, at tho
Churchill; H. "Wall and wife, at the
BartholdL
An appeal Is made to your fairness
'\u25a0vhen you are asked to drink Rainier
Beer. "Rainier" men walked out, re
fused arbitration and declared a boy
cott, all without a hearing: •
TWO OFFICERS OF THE AMERICAN SURGICAL, ASSOCIATION AND AN EMI
NENT MEMBER OF THE YALE FACULTY. WHO IS ATTENDING THE
CONVENTION NOW BEING HELD IN THIS CITY. '
FILES PETITION
IN BANKRUPTCY
TOPEKA. Kan., July 6.— c/j. Devlin
to-night filed in the United States Dis
trict Court a voluntary petition in bank
ruptcy. This action was decided upon
at a lengthy conference this afternoon be
tween Devlin and his attorneys.
Devlin was in favor of the move be
cause it would ccntrallxe all his prop-
ertles and make easier the settlement
with his creditors, the principal one in
which la the First National Bank. Judge
Pollock granted the petition and an
nounced he would appoint a receiver for
the property to-morrow.
The statement of Devlin's liabilities is
given as follows:
To the First National Bank of Topeka.
Kan*., about $1,200,000: to the Central Na
tional Bank of Topeka. about $300,000; to
the American National Bank of Kansas City
Mo., about $263,000; to the National Bank of
Commerce of Kansas City, about $200,000- to
the Corn Exchange Bank of Chicago about
$160,000; to the Continental National Bank of
Chicago, about $150,000; to the Central Trust
Company of Chicago, about $70,000; to the
Bank of Topeka Topeka Kans. about $30,000
to the Union National Bank of Kansas City
Mo., about $9000; to Hirsch. St. Louis Mo.!
about $VM); to the Merchants' National' Bank
of Topeka, Kans., about (5000; to Long Bros
Kansas City, Mo., about 14000; to the South
western Fuel Company of Topeka. ' Kane.
$138,000: to the Fourth National Bank of St
Louis. Mo., about $200,000. »
To the First National Bank of Toluca,
111., the Spring Valley National Bank of
Spring Valley. 111., and two national
banks In the city of New York, the names
of which the petitioners do not know, the
amounts are not givm.
RECEIVER IS XECESSARY.
The petition then names the various
properties owned by Devlin and saya that
the property Is in such shape that it must
be taken immediate charge of by the
court.
T. J. Bradley, receiver of the failed na
tional bank, said to-day that the money
accepted for deposit within two or three
days before the institution closed would
become part of the regular deposits and
could not be considered as preferred. This
money was. It was stated at the time of
the failure, set aside by the bank officials
to avoid criminal proceedings against
them for accepting deposits when the
bank was in a failing condition. If this
money finally is made part of the regular
deposits it is argued that the officials will
be subject to prosecution.
There was a better feeling about the
State House to-day following the discov
ery that the State held the bond of a
surety company for $250,000 to insure it
against loss of money in deposit in the
bank in process of collection. This means
that at least .one-half of the State's
money in the bank is safe. Gov
trnor Hoch was Quoted to-day as saying
that within two weeks he " would require
State Treasurer Kelly to procure a .new
bond 'in place of that signed by C J. Dev
lin.
SAA'TA FE WILL AID' HIM.
The . Santa Fe Railroad is preparing to
extend aid to the Devlin companies until
such a time as a final settlement can be
made. This step is being considered by
the company as the best method of pro
tecting itself from loss. All the. Santa Fe
mines in Kansas are being operated 'by
\ Devlin, and It Is necessary to keep the
mines running in order that the road may
be supplied with coal.
KANSAS CITY, July S.
Gleed returned to-day from Topeka,
where he had been investigating the con
dition of the estate of C. J. Devlin. He
said that as yet no definite policy had
been decided upon regarding the opera
tion of the Devlin properties. "Every
thing that Is profitable," said Gleed, '"will
be kept in operation; anything -that is
not returning money will be shut down.
The whole question will be settled satis
factorily, I think, to-morrow." ...
Gleed said that he had ascertained there
was no foundation ' for the report that
Devlin owed $700,000 In Baltimore. There
is, It Is stated to-day, a probability that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY :?; 1905:
STORM LEAVES
TRAIL OF RUIN
FORT WORTH, Texas, July 6.—
Twenty-six persons are known to have
been killed and fifty injured by the tor
nado which swept over a portion of Mon
tague County, in the northern part of
this State, yesterday afternoon. The
property loss probably will total
$200,000. i; .
Following Is a revised list of the
dead: A. P. Earle, Sadie Earle, Buck
Earle, a child of Lawrence Pillow. Mr.
Tomlinson. his wife and four children,
Mrs. N. E. Shackleford, .Linnie Shackle
ford, Mrs. S. l: Tumleson, three children
of Mrs. Tumleson, Mrs. Mary Lester,
four children of Mrs. Lester Caleb
White, Mrs. C. H. Williams, Frank E.
Akin, two unknown persons at Jacks
boro.
Among the more seriously injured aro-
Miss Potts (may die), C. C. Shackleford.
four children . of the Shacklefords (se
riously hurt), Clayborne White (may
die). Miss Annie Austin, J. B. Wood and
Frank Wood.
TELEGRAPH COMPANY |i
SUPPLIES POOLROOMS
City Club of New York Demand* Resig
nation of Western Union
Official*.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The Western
Union Teilegraph Company has again
been caught redhandod in selling in
formation to the poolrooms. It has
been caught by the same agency, the
City Club, which one year ago last May,
through the personal efforts of Captain
F. Norton Goddard, arranged with the
officials and s«cured from them a com
plete fitting up of a poolroom on Madi
son avenue. '
This new trap to catch the Western
Union was set before the death of Cap
tain Gpddard, and, following out God
dard's agreement with - Jacob H. Schiff,
a formal demand has been made by
Rev. Thomas R. Slloer, for the Immedi
ate resignation, of President and Gen
eral Manager Robert C. Clowry, David
B. Mitchell, manager of the special wire
bureau, and Superintendent W. J. Daly.
The result of the former exposure
was the complete abolition of the pool
room scwlces, throughout the country,
resulting in the loss of 15.000,000 a
year to the Western Union Telegraph
Company. ;.- t
Secretary Met calf Start* for Home.
UTICA, N.Y., July : 6.— Victor Met
calf, Secretary *of % Commerce and
Labor, spent a part of the day at hie
old home In this city. ;/He was joined
here by Mrs. Metcalf and they left: thi«
afternoon' for Montreal - and will gd
thence to California. ; ;
Train's Squadron Goes to Chef a.
WASHINGTON. July , G.-^ißear Ad
miral Train, commanding the Asiatic
station, has been authorized by>the
Navy Department to* preceed" with the
vessels of his fleet to Chefu; so Mat the
men^may have a change'of climate.' >
the Devlin mines at Toluca, 111., and
Marquette, Mich:,'* and also Mhe Tolifca
and Marquette f Railroad. a may be - sold
within a week or two.'-; . -
Receiver Appointed for Defunct Bank.
RICHMOND. 1r.d.,: July 6,-^J. ;AI Spe
kenheir.'.was ;to-day .* appointed receiver
of ' the ; Commercial Bank lof ' * Haters
town,^ Ind.;. on) application, of President
Frank Mason. l ; The -. liabilities \, exceed
$100,000,' while the assets are .given at
$750,000.'" Tho "cashler,\ John v: Bowman,
committed % suicide^ last "Monday.' and
this; action ' led: to; the' present receiver
ship. ' The reason for. Bowman's suicide
has not yet develop"** l ; - r> . v
JAMES B. DILL
NOW A JUDGE
Factious Corporation Lawyer
EMiriquishesEs3oo,ooo In
come for $3000 Salary
WALL STKEET MARVELS
Counsel for Many Trusts
Accepts Judicial Appoint
ment in New Jersey
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 6— James B. Dili;
one of the foremost; corporation lawyers
of America, was appointed to-day by
Governor Stokes of New Jersey Judge of
the Court of Errors and Appeals of that
State, the home of the trusts. He sur
renders an income of $300,000 a year from
his law. practice to, become a Judge with
a salary of $3000 a year.' • His last private
act was to refuse a retainer of $25,000 of
fered by an insurance financier. ;!' '
No political event of recent times has
occasioned so much comment in jWall
street as this appointment and its ac
ceptance. Although maintaining his resi
dence in New Jersey, Dul has been con
sidered a New York lawyer.: His office
at No. 27 Pine street is In. the heart of
the financial region, close by the Stock
Exchange. Many of the great trusts have
been his clients; indeed, he was the legal
father of a series of them and >he has
been sought In consultation- in nearly
every important financial litigation. Capi
talists, brokers, promoters ; and his
brother "corporation lawyers^ when the
news reached- them, ejaculated this one
word: "Why '!" •
According to a close friend of Dill, the
step from the riches of a corporation law
yer to the comparative dignified, poverty
of the bench was taken after mature
thought, in which the rcent scandals of
high finance and the demands made upon
lawyers to save .their capitalistic clients
Trom law had a/ weighty influence upon
his decision. The man who made trusts
in their legal form is now to be judge of
their crimes and misdemeanors. ,
Having accepted the appointment to the
bench. Dill's lips are sealed concerning
his intentions, but an associate, speaking
for him, said to-day:
Mr. Dill goes on Court of Errors and Appeals
not as a frl«n<i ot the corporations, but as a
tttero and fearless Judge. As author of the
corporation law- of -New Jersey he knows
every phase of the trust question. As counsel
during recent years for many vast corpora
tions, he is acquainted with their legal possi
bilities and their limitations. The matter of
Income does not enter into the case. There is
deeper and more serious question than money
or position involved. -Dill- reels that the time
has come when a corporation lawyer must de
cide upon which side lie will ally himself;
whether on the Bide of honesty, of law and of
Justice or with financial schemers who grow
more defiant of the law each year and make
demands upon their lawyers for services' that
conflict with conscientious scruples.
SECRETARY GIVES
EMPLOYERS' SIDE
Claims Printers Misrepre
sented Facts Regarding
Refusal to Agree.
Members of the. San Francisco Typoth
etae claim that their side of the nine
hour question, which is the cause of con
tention between them and Typographical
Union No. 21 and Pressmen's Union No.
24, has not been fairly presented to the
public. ., Secretary John Macintyre of the
Typothetae says that the situation exist
ing Is not a lockout, but a condition
brought on by the printers refusing to
stand by the laws under which the Inter
national Printing Pressmen and Assist
ants' r Union agree to be governed. He
quotes the "Book of Laws" to say that
all questions of difficult settlement are
to be left to the United Typothetae and
International Printing Pressmen's Union
acting in conjunction.
The shops in the city are suffering from
the refusal of the men to agree to the
nine-hour law on; the expiration of the
contract, dated March . 25, 1903, which
called for a trial of the eight-hour sys
tem. - They declare it destroys all profit,
and assert that so long as the union men
persist in refusing to comply with their
rules employes will be brought from the
East. .'. . "1 ; \u25a0\\u25a0\u25a0 • '.
The typographical men call the notice of
a renewal \of the ' original schedule a
strike, but the Typothetao claims that it
is -not. for any. of their former employes
may return to work when they agree to
the new working time.
Secretary , Macintyre says that the
eight-hour law is not mentioned in the
"Book of Laws," and is, therefore,, un
constitutional. Salaries are | not ' to be
kept at the same standard, according to
Macintyre, if the old schedule is adopted,
unites the union men come to agreement
on the issue. •\u25a0' He. says that the employ
ers are willing to pay the men- for, the
extra time," If such a demand is ' made,
and "will do all possible for an.amicable
settlement.
1 THE XXTH CENTURY SEWING MACHINE jl
€J The highest type of FAMILY SEWING
MA CH I NE-the embodiment of SIMPLICITY :
and UTILITY— the ACME of CONVENIENCE.
Pon't Use Poor Oil
For use on sewing-machines, writing machines,
bicycles and all purposes requiring a fine lubricant
the best is cheapest in the end. Genuine Singer
Oil can only be obtained at Singer Stores
Sewlaar Machine* Rented or Exchanged
\u25a0• \u25a0' '.'• \u25a0«':.'.'!..;" AT THE SINGER STORE
\u25a0\u25a0':\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0-'-", '\u25a0'. ' -'\u25a0'.' " '\u25a0\u25a0 .'' '". \u25a0\u25a0: "','\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 ' ''\u25a0\u25a0 .i\u25a0 '\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 :\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0--' . \u25a0
TWO EXPLORERS
MEET IN WILDS
Unexpected Encounter of
the Parties Led by Mrs.
Hubbard and A. D. Wallace
FOLLOW SAME EOUTE
Searching for Indian Tribe
Beyond Large Lake Not
Yet Eeached by Whites
Spec'al Dispatch to Tb« Call.
NORTH ADAMS, Mass., July 6. — Un
expectedly two expeditions into the
Labrador wilds, led respectively by
Mrs. L'eonldas Hubbard Jr., widow of
the ill-fated explorer, who met J his
death there last year, and by A. Dillon
Wallace, the New York lawyer, who
nearly lost. his. life, in his attempt to
save his companion, Hubbard, have met
and for a distance of several hundred
miles traveled in company. Mrs. Hub
bard has (sent this information to her
friend and counselor/Rev. James Saw
yer of Williamstown.
Mrs. Hubbard prepared her expedi
tion with great secrecy and Wallace
did not know of her Intention to make
the • hazardous' trip until his plans,
which were openly announced, > had
been well completed. The two parties
started about the same time, but by
different routes, finally, meeting at
Rlgolet, where the Wallace party
boarded the boat upon which was the
Hubbard party and remained on board
until Gillieport, which is near North
west River,' was reached.
Georgre Elson, an Indian guide, who
was with Hubbard and Wallace last
year, Is with the party of Mrs. Hub
bard, although Wallace, without the
knowledge *of Mrs. Hubbard's inten
tions, had tried to, engage him to guide
his party into the wilds. Elson told
him that he did not intend to guide a
party this year, and great was Wal
lace's surprise to find him with Mrs.
Hubbard, who had obtained his ser
vices some months ago.
At Gillieport the Wallace party left
for. Northwest River to prepare for its
long journey inland and Mrs. Hubbard
remnined there, outfitting and making
final preparations. It is not probable,
although possible, that the two parties
will take the same route"lnto the in
terior in their search for the tribe of
Nauscapee Indians, which is supposed to
live beyond L*ike Michikamsau, the big
interior lake, which was seen but not
reached by the Hubbard expedition.
"PAT" CROWE HOLDS
UP TWO STREET CARS
Operates Within Three
Blocks of Omaha Police
Department,
Special Dispatch to pie Call.
OMAHA, July 6.— Right under the noses
of the police, within three short blocks
of detective headauarters, "Pat" Crowe,
notorious as the kidnapper of "Eddie"
Cudahy, being in .urgent need of ready
cash, . held up two street cars here, one
after the other, to-night, and obtained
the whole of the receipts for the day from
the conductor of each. \u25a0 His labor ended,
"Fat" performed 1 his inimitable vanish-
Ing act and the police are searching for
him in vain.
Crowe had only one assistant, so his
share of the booty will be large enough
to keep him in money for some little
time, it" is believed.
* When the Chief of Police heard of the
robbery he sent for his fellow chief in
Council Bluffs. After careful considera
tion they came to the conclusion that
the robbery was the work of "Pat"
Crowe, as "Pat" had been seen In town
on Sunday.
Flood Threatens .Minneapolis.
MINNEAPOLIS. July 6. — - Every
bridge. in the city of Minneapolis and
all the homes on the Mississippi flats
are in danger from the high water in
the .Mississippi River. Thousands of
dollars* worth of property is placed in
jeopardy. ...
More Driver* to Br Called Out.
\ CHICAG6, July 6.— The teamsters
have decided to call out the 450 drivers
of the city express companies. The de
partment store drivers have decided to
remain in the light. i
1 MUSKEGON. Mich., July 6.— Near Sylvan
Beach resort, on the east shore of the. lake,
the steamship Cayuga rammed ex-Preaident
Cleveland's former pleasure boat Ruth, now
owned by the White Lake Ferry Company,
yesterday, but. the : captain of the latter ran
his boat on shore and safely landed the paa-
B«nser».
BRASS BAND OF NATIVE INDIANS —A
clever brass band of Indian musicians from
the Sherman . Indian Institute in Pasadena
rave a concert : yesterday \u25a0in the Merchants'
Exchange building and drew the brokers and
business men largely. The band is on the
.way to the Portland Exposition.
DUNNITE SHELL
WREAKS HAVOC
World's Most Powerful Ex
plosive Crumples the Heav
iest of Battleship Armor
NEED NOT HIT TAEGET
Capable of Sinking Vessel,
Even Though It Fall
Far* Short of Its Mark
Special • Dispatch .to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. July 6.— That- a 12-inch
shell loaded with only a small charge of
dunnite, the world's most effective ex
plosive, will crumple the inside of the
heaviest armor-clad vessel, though the
shell fall short of Its mark by twenty
feet, has just been demonstrated at the
beginning of a series of tests at . the
Government proving grounds at Sandy
Hook. The first test was solely for the
purpose of determining a safe distance
at which the huge target, built to repre
sent a section of an armored side of a
modern battleship, could be moored from
the shore and the observers assured of
freedom from harm from the fragments
of the exploding shells.
For some time the experts of the ord
nance bureau of the army have known
of the destructive effect of the explosive
substance, which, named after its in
ventor, Major Dunn, is a closely guarded
Government secret. Foreign nations have
sought in vain to learn it 9 composition.
Meantime the manufacture of armor
piercing shells filled with the explosive
has gone on until now the arsenals of
the United States are filled with them
and almost all the ships of the navy and
the sea coast fortifications have a battle
ship supply on hand, ready for an
emergency.
What the Government experts did not
know, however, was the probable effect
If a shell shoilld fall short of Its mark.
The shot fired within the last few days
has gone far- beyond expectations of the
experimenters.
"to thoso who were fortunate enough
to witness the recent tilal the affair was
Intensely spectacular. A floating mass of
woodwork, in dimensions the size of a
battleship at its water line, was moored
off shore. Then, delicately, the 10,000
pound projectile, with a scant charge of
twenty pounds of dunnite, was submerged
four feet in the water and approximately
fifty feet from the floating structure.
Then all scattered to a place of safety;
an electric button was pressed; those on
shore felt the , ground . tremble, while a
column of water shot into the air 250
feet. When the target was again brought
to the shore the effect of the explosion
was plainly manifest and it was of such
a nature that the deductions were readily
drawn.
MILLIONAIRE MINE OWNER
SHOOTS HIMSELF IN HEAD
Wfntlirop Turner of Sonera Commits
Suicide While Despondent Ovr
fne to 111-Health.
" WINSTEO, Conn.. July 6. — The body
of Wlnthrop Turney, a millionaire mine
owner of Sonora. Mexico, was found
to-day in a pasture in the town of
Colebrook. There was a bullet wound
in his head and his hand clasped a re
volver. It is supposed that despon
dency due to poor health led him to
commit suicide. He was 40 years old
and a graduate of Yale, class of 1888.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
or
Stomach Diseases
MEANS I
Discard Injurious Drugs
@fycpzone
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists. \u25a0
NOT GENUINE WITHOUT MY SIGHATUHi:
610 PRINCE ST.. NCWYORK. ;
| Writi ton fan Bookut on Rational TMATMCnT
Hotel Del Gbronado
A ' .\u25a0 . Under New Management
i \u25a0 Enjoy California's best climate at the
\ largest seasidercsort hotel in the world
unexcelled. Every modern
* convenience provided*
Summer Rates t Each person
$3.00day,517.50 week, and upwards.
Excellent boating, fishing, hunting,
golf links, tennis, bowling. Interest-
ing side trips. Ask railway agent or i '
write V . \u25a0 |
MORGAN ROSS, Manage*
Coronado Beach. California l'
H. F. Norcroaa, 200 S. SpriEff, Los Anffelea / '
....TH E . . . .
Los Angeles Times
San Franclaco Office
la j located In
ROOM 10. CHRONICLE BUILDING
ARTHUR L. FISH. Repreaentatire.
If you would do effective advertising
In the Southwest, drop a line to the
above address or telephone Main. 147 a
and 'our representative will be pleased
to call on you with full information as
to rates.'etc. -
THE SUNDAY ; TIMES, with 38-page
magazine. $2.50 a year by. mall.
NS^aao market sr!si!Sm2r
.. .; lA/.T.HESS,; *
Notary Public and Attorner-at-Lnw.
Tenth Floor,* Boom 1013. Claua SpreckeU bldg-.
\u25a0 ";*•-\u25a0 - Telephone Main 953.
Residence, 1802 McAllister at.
Residence Telephone Page 3641.
DIRECIOfIT OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
\u25a0 *•-. 6*- --- '-'_____ •\u25a0--..-.
Catnloirne and - Prlre LUta Mailed on
• ' .'Application. '
— \u0084 . : ;-' '"\u25a0• /oils.'. .\u25a0. . .'.;'
LUBRICATINQ OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front »t.. J 3. F. Phone M&la 1719.
'.'.-'-'.\u25a0\u25a0'; v- PRINTING. '\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0
L C. HUGHES. v-^iTiSSa..,.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW
! TO-NIGHT— -EVERY NIGHT. •
\ Czibulka'g Immensely Successful Comic Optra.
AMORITA
BAKU OX BERTHALD
, ROSEM.\RY GI.ONZ
And all the TIVOLI FAVORITES In the Cast.
Usual .Tlvoli Prices 23c. 50c. 75c
Next— "ROß ROY"
vULUmPIA wm theaisj
LAST 8 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
™ FRAWLEY
In Richard Hardlns Davis' Cora*dy.
"RANSOM'S FOLLY"
Special Summer Prices.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY NIGHT, direct
! from Chicago, GUckman'a
YIDDISH PLAYERS
Presenting "Gabriel." <I Th« Golden Country."
"The Jewish King Lear." 'The Jewish
Prleat." -Kol Nldrey." "The Interrupted Wed-
ding."
Scata. 25c to ll— -Now Ready.
S CALIFORNIA y
Edward Ackerman, Lesss^ and Mgr. I
TO-NIGHT I
FREDERIC BELASCO PRESENTS : I
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Her Greatest Emotional Triumph. !
.' . ZAZA . \u25a0• A
Saturday Matinee — Special Perform- I
ance of Ibsen's \u25a0
A DOLL'S HOU.«E. I
Next— *Tess of the CUrberrUlw." I
- Friday afternoon. July 14— Miss Rob- I
crts' Testimonial Benefit for Hob&rt I
' Bosxrorth. Seats Now Selling. S
— \u25a0\u25a0— mw
A Vaiiliilllß CGlitraOonl ;
Hrnrlette De SerrlV Ilronio and Mar bin
Statuary i Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
Voelkerj Zaxell and Veraon Com-
pany t Schepp's Does and Ponlca* and
Orphenm ."Motion Pictures.
Last* Times of Mr. Claude calling-water
and Company! Klarht Bedouin Arab«i
Georice W. Day. and the WUwa Trio.
Regular Matinees Erery Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc. 25c and 50c. .>\u25a0 » \u0084-,.
GRAND So'u R st
MATTVEE TO-MORROW.
Great Success of the BrllUaat Comedian*.
GEORGE PARSONS ±^o
GEORGIE DREWMENDUM
Supported by an Excellent Company
In the Stirring American Play
THE BELLE OF RICHMOND
SPECIAL SUMMER PRICES— 23c and 50c.
NEXT SUNDAY MATJNEB
Willie Collier's Great Success.
A TURKISH TEXAN
A LG A Z A f? ""Wwsr*
JKLAU \J±\lj±±X\ E. 6. Price.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. SATURDAY and BUNDAT.
"A Great Show."— Chronicle.
The Merry Comedy of Rural Ufe.
Up York State'
With Its Fourth of July Plcsto Scene.
Evgs.. 25c to 73c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 30c.
NEXT MONDAT— First Time In Stock.
\Vm. H. Crane's Comedy Success.
ON PROBATION
July 1? — First Time on Any Stage.
Colgate Baker's Drama of Jaran,
THE HEART OF A GEISHA.
JULIET CROSBT_aa Kohamma Saa
SOON— WHITE WHITTLESET.
Market st.'. near Eighth. Phone South 833.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
LAST THREE EIGHTS.
Carter's Great American War Drama,
CHATTANOOGA
Ferociou a charge of the mounted cavalrymen.
Prices— Eve..' 10c to 50c; Mats.. 10c. 13c. 23c
Monday. July 10— "HEART OP THIS KLON-
DIKE." '
Weeit of July 17 — The great and. only JOHN
L. SDUJVAN In "Fast Life to New ,Yortt."
CHIQUITA, the living Dofl
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
CHARLES BIGNET. Champion Hl*h Dtvtr.
SEE THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
TWO BABT TIGERS IN THE ZOC«.
RIDE ON - THE CIRCLE SWI.VO.
VISIT -THE HAPPT TA3OJUT.
SES THE BABIES In the INFANT INCUBA-
I , TORS. • •:\u25a0 -
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5o
COMMENCING SUNDAY.
PRINCESS FAN TAN
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
LOS ANGELES^s. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY 3:30 p. m.
SATURDAY..... 3 p. m.
SUNDAY ..:.......... 2:80 p. m.
PALACE
/ HOTEL
Compressed Air cleaning plant
Room telephones
Steam ! heat . and coca fires
Perfect ventilation /WHIGs
Pipe organ and orche«Ma
Perfect service
Unexcelled raisin* _
Every, luxury ; attainable
#% I IB IS\ Ammunition. Hunting «nf
\u25a0\u25a0I \u25a0IV Sporting Goods. Larrest
Isj I I 111 stock - Lo^Mt prices. S«nd
111 lIQf 1 (or catalogue. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
%0 | V SHREVE A BARBER CO..
739 Market :: it.. •u< 62i
Kearnjr U.
910
SPORTS
NANNIE HODGE WALKS AWAY FROM FIELD
AND ANNEXES JAMAICA STAKES.
' King Pepper Fails
to Keep Lead
in Stretch.
Crowd Deserts the
Stand for Bet
ting Ring.
EoectaJ Dieyaicb to Tba Call.
" KEW YORK. July 6. — There was a
cooling' but damp breeze from the
ocean blowing across Brighton irack
to-day and it made matters very com
fortable for racegoers. The track was
fast and the attendance was very light
In the grandstand, though the field in
closure was packed.
Nannie Hodge was the second choice
in the Jamaica Stakes and had no trou
ble in winning. King Pepper was off
well and, going to the front, held the
lead to the far turn, when Nannie
Uodge came through and taking: the
lead, held it to the end, winning by
two lengths. Summary:
FIRST KACE>— Six furlong*; two-year-irida;
purse:
Betting. Hor»«. Weight. Jockey. St. 9i Flo.
ato 2— Br.Nymph.lC7 (HUdbnd) 1 1 a 1 -H
60 to I— Merrtck, 111 (Hicks).... 3 2 1 Za
20 to I— Deviltree, VI <8a1rd).... 5 3h 3b
' Time. 1:14 1-5. btart strangling. Won eas
ily. Winner. 11. P. Whitney's eh. f. by Med
dler-Castalla. Klnley Dale. Vagabond. Guid
ing Star. Albert F, Kcrchc-val, Pa
mela, Capias, Veronese, Star of Beverly and
"Rye finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. & Fin.
10 to I— M.Dangrfleid.llU tLyne) 3 5 n 1 2
Even — Action. IoS (Burns) 122 2 l»i
15 to I— Liberia. W t Walsh) 5 4 I^3 3
Time. 1:47 1-5 Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. P. J. Dwyer's blk. h. by Handsprine-
Mondrolt. Jerry Lynch. Warranted. Cottage
Maid, Mlsg Rlllle, Colossal. Arabo. Port Hoy
tl. Bradley's Pet, Oclawaha and Pronta fin
ished tut named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds end up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weigrht- Jockey. St. % Fin.
Mol — Druid. 108 (Knapp> 3 1 hi -hi
«to I— Dreamer. OS (Balrd) 1 2 IH2 'H
sto I— Handiarra, lots (Burns). 2 S H S JJ
Time, 1:12 2-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. J. H. Stelmor"s eh. f. by Sir Pixon-
MenJln. Keetor. Prince Hamburg. Workman.
White Marsh. Blue Coat, llcgai and Young
Hyson finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Jamaica sell
ing stak«s: three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
lfitoS— N Hodge, 105 (Baird)... « •" h 12
Bto s—Geranium5 — Geranium 10<S (Lyne)... S 7h 2fi
4tol— K. Pepper. 105 (Walsh). 4 1 % 3 2
Time. -1:13 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Wiener. W. W. Darden's oh. m. by Roesing
ton-Mrs Lane. Ascension. Jetsam, Major
Pelham, Graceful. Gold Ten. Aeronaut and
• Letola finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth mile*;
three-year-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Wtol-Sl Bellane. 110 (Martin) 6 B^ lh
IK to 5— M. Beaucaire.ll9 fONell) 2 31 2h
15 to I— Adbell 122 (Fountain). . . 4 Ih 33^
Time 1 :53 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner R E. Watkins' eh. g. by St. Gatien-
Bellane". Palmbearer. VolaSar. St. Valentine.
Oarnish. Ostrich. Sonoma BeMe, Stamping
Ground and Amberjack finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-old*: maidens; purse: .
Betting. Horse. Welsh. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
lOtol — Sly Ben. 110 tßurns).... 4 4 >\u25a0» 1 h
12 to I— Snow. 110 (Crimmins)... 5 a 2a 2 2 h
10 to I— Quorum. 110 <Knarp). . .10 9^ « \
Time. 1 :0S 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. E. Smathers" eh. c. by Ben Strome-
Sly Nun Caprice. Lawsonien. Waterepan,
Lancaeterisn. Penquim. Hector. Osiris. Jimmy
Maher. Lily B, Watergrass. Billy Banastar
and Moonshine finished as named.
NEW YOUK ENTRIES.
KEW YORK, July 6. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Brighton
B«ach:
First race one and a sixteenth miles, maiden
three-year-olds and vp — Blnderton 107, La
Golden 110. Black Prince 110, Barker 110, Don
Royal 110. Ismailiaa IC3, Bouvler 10", Brother
Bill 110, Sailor Boy 110.
Second race, five and a half furlonps, two
vear-clds—Aia Russell 103. Maureen 105. Nlan
tic 97 Kuro 107, Libertinus 97. Red Ruby 105,
Consistent 109. Andrta 107, Expressing 99.
Laneham 97. St. Ettephe 105, Dodina 98. Edith
Jamee 99. Band Storm 104, Burlesque 84. Lieber
102
Third rac«. cix furlonssi three-year-old fillies
—Maid of Timbuctoo ICS, Rom of Dawn 112.
Gotowln 112, Belle of Setauket y», Diamond
Flush 112. Katie Caffrey 112. Pink Garter 112,
Winsome Winnie 105. Hyacinth IWS, Bellatrlx
112. Napal 105. ._ M ,
Fourth race, one mile and a furlong-, handi
cap three-year-old? and vp — Garnish lIS, Mer
ry Lark 102 Palmbearer 10«. Gamara 100, Go
Between 126. Colonial Girl 120.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, four
year-olds and up, eelling— Champlaln 101, St.
Brtet* 10C Proota 101. Rur.nels 108. The South
erner 106. Canteen 106. Thistle Heather 101.
Bill Curtis BS. Flammula 101, Lord Badge l<Xi,
Arsenal 98. Memortee 104, Hippocrates 08. New
Mown Hay 10L Rough and Tumble 103, Atwocd
1 Sixth race, t£x furlonge. two-year-olds— Third
Mate 102. fankee Consul 114, Sidney F 122.
Sand fltonn 105, Brother Frank 102, Kln^B
Daughter 111. '
Weather cjeex; track fast. - f
HEW TORK SELECTION:
Bt the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
First race— Sailor Boy, Ismaillan, Don
Royal.
Second rac*^ — Ala Russell, St. Estcphe,
Consistent. (
Third race—Rose of Dawn, Diamond
Klu»h, Hjraclnth.
Fourth race — Merry Lark. Gnmara,
Garnish.
Fifth race— Runnels, Memories, The
Sontheracr.
Sixth race— Yankee Consul, King's
Daucbter, Sydney F.
Montgomery Park Results.
" MnMPHIS. Term., July «. — Montgcn»?ry
Park resultt :
First race, seven furlongs— Onyx II " won.
Pickles second. < Mrs. Annie third. Time, 1:29%:
Second race, five furlongs — Charlatan wen.
Osee second. R&mui third. Time. 1:03.
Third race, seven furlongs — Sincerity Belle
won. Water Pansy second. Mayor Graham
third Tim*. 1:29%.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap — Gregcr X
won. Rightful second. Stand Pat third. Time.
1-.42H-
Fifth race, seven furlcngs— Ehenaadoah wen.
Monaco Maid second. Beknlghted third. Time,
1:30.
Sixth r*xe, one mile — Sea Voyage won, Ma
bel glmms second. Bullfinch third. Time, 1:45.
TWO LOCAL SPORTS SHOOT
A. BIG BEAR NEAR SHASTA
I -orge Gallagher and Dr. Bnlll v Have
ICxcltlnsr 12xperience With the
ISnormouM llchhl.
George E. Gallagher of the Pacific
Coast Company and Dr. T. E. Bailly
have returned from a two weeks' trip
to Mount Shasta, bringing with them
the skin of an enormous black bear,
which animal they Jointly, slew. They
encountered the bear within a mile of
the snow limit on Mount Shasta. Gal
lagher shot the animal in the shoulder
and it kept coming, gathering rage at
each move. Dr. Bailly, who is a crack
shot, put a bullet into the animal's
brain when It was close to them.
Harness Meet Called Off.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 6.— The harness
meeting which was to have been held
the week of Augrust S, has; been
abandoned because of the. attitude of
thm authorities toward bookmaklne.
MAY SUTTON REACHES THE FINALS
MARTHA GORMAN
WINS ON FOUL
Our Sister Is First at the
Wire in Driving Finish,
hut Judges Set Her Back
FAST FILLIES COMPETE
Wise Ones Get. a Hot Tip on
Oak Duke and He Goes to
the Post a Warm Favorite
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. July 6.— The sixth race
at five furlongs, with five of the best
three-year-old flllies. in it, was carded as
the attraction at Latonia to-day. The
other five . events brought out only fair
fields. In a close and exciting finish. Our
Sister won the third event from Martha
Gorman, but the former was disqualified
for fouling and set back. Martha Gor
man was placed first, The Pet second and
Judge Traynor third.
Oak Duke was a hot tip in the second
race and went to the post an odds on
favorite. Three favorites won. The track
was fast. Summary: «
First race, six and a half furlongs — Saronola
won. Ethel Day second, Rosseesa third. Time,
1:20 2-5. &iii.*i i:i- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Second race, five furlong* — Leigh Pacolet
won. Oak Duke second. Gold Mate third.
Time, 1:01 1-5.
Third race, one mile — Martha Gorman won.
The Pet second, Judge Traynor third. Time,
1:41 2-5. Our Sister finished first, but was
disqualified for fouling.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Nun's Veiling
won. Vie Kinney second. Tinker third. Time,
1:01 4-5.
Fifth race, one mile — Ebony won. Florence
Fonso second. Flori third. Time. 1:40 4-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs — La Pucelle won.
Mums second. Louise Macfarland third. Time,
1:15.
CIXCIXA'ATI K.VTIUES.
CINCINNATI. July 6.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Calendula
85. Ethel Barry 85, His Majesty 90. Silver
Slipper 00. Nominee W. Fontesla 93, Dexter
Prince 92, Trompeuse 92, May Cherry 92,
Danube U2, Mtrmont 92, Blytheness 99,
Kern 102.
Second race, five furlones. purse — Llllta 104,
Zienap 112, Leta Duffy 112, Daffodil 101, Nut
terwell 104. Nettie Gay 1&4. -
Third race, mile and seventy yarda, selling —
Sanction 94. Reg&le 9t>, Salivate 93, Ivernla 98,
Bonnie Burr 100, Orio 101. St. Paris 103, Tro
gon 103, Annie Williams 104. Florlzel 104,
Cardinal Woltey 105, Mr. Pomeroy 105, Havl
land 1118. Western Duke 103.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Major
Carpenter 94. May Ellen 95, Dunning 95, Col
onel Jim Douglass 95. Bird Pond 97, Ike 99,
Woods Perry 99. Red Thistle 99. Fleuron 102,
Felix Morzes 102.
Fifth race, short course, handicap steeple
chase — Alllne Abbott 125, Ohio King 125, Bet
muda 125, Bright Girl 131, John E. Owens 140,
Evander 144. Poorlands 153.
- Sixth race, five furlonss. selling — Hoi Pollol
30 Don Irent 96. Agnolo 90. Granada 96, Zar
da 101. Kougrock 101. Thistles 103, Theodore
.Case 103. Carthage 104. Redwood II 10S.
Weather clear; track fast.
CIXCIXXATI SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Trompeuse, Blytbenesa,
Fontesla.
Second race — Leta Duffy, Scblute
entry. Daffodil.
Third race— Western Duke, Haviland,
Resale.
Fourth race— Felix Mozzes, Dunning,
Wood* Perry.
Fifth race — Poorlands, John K.
Owens, Evander.
Sixth race — Hoi Pollol, Carthngre,
Granada. \ ,
Delmar Results. -
ST. LOUIS. July 6. —Delmar results:
First race, four and a half furlongs —Mat
Lynch won. Mildred Gelst second. Handy Mist
third. Time. :59.
Second rac<y seven furlongs —Cardona won.
Thank Haven second, Chrlstelle third. Time,
1:32 2-5.
Third race, four and a half furlongs —Mrs.
Murray won, Caroline W second, Katherine 1
third. Time. :SS.
Fourth race, six furlongs —Tyrolean won.
Sorrel Top second Debbie May third. Tima,
1:1 C 2-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs —Eleanor Howard
won. Flora Levy second. Emma Meyer third.
Time. 1:31 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile —Rostof won. Anadarco
second. Wakeful third. Time, 1:45.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 6. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Delmar:
First race, seven furlongs, maidens, three
year-olds, celling:— Happy Chappy IC2, T. J.
Powell Vt Brownie 95. Seaworthy \u25a0 102, Mary
Maud 100. Ethel Van 95, Pachetta 102, Sly
Musette 95.
Second race, six furlong«.,_purs«— Fannete
110, Suzanne 65, Radium 105, Athena 105, Tom
Manklns 97. Rosecourt 105, Tom Kiley 112,
Ben Lear 107.
Third race, five furlongs, curse — Sadie Mar
tin ICS, Mlsa Duitln 105. Dick Redd 108, Seed
Cake 105, Follow the Flag 106. Peter Nathan
iel 10S. T. B. Zero 108.
Fourth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse— PinU 105, Joe Shields 108, Auray 105,
Floral Artist 108, Secret (Ims) 108. Gerolett*
105, Klzel 108. (Gerolette and Klzel Elliott's
entry.)
Fifth race, seven . furlongs, maiden three
rear-olds, celling — Belle of Manhattan 95, ' Mrs.
Jack'Dolan 95. Mall Box 105, Sandal wood 102,
Fortune Teller 95. John Randolph 97. Idle
Hour II 100. Atoga 95. s
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards. selling-
Bismarck 105. Jim Tyrrel 100, Lookaway 100.
Frank Carr 95, Tony Lepplng 107, Outlaw 96,
Nevermore 107. Mammon 100. Light Opera 102.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race— Ethel Van, T. 1. Powell,
Happy Chappy. ' .
Second race— Ben Lear, Rosecourt,
Tom Kller.
Third race— Miss Rustle, Peter Na
thaniel, Dick Redd. \u25a0
Fourth race— Kir ll, Gerolette, Pints.
Fifth race — Sandnlwood, Atogra, Mail
Box.
Sixth race— Light Opera, Outlaw,
Mammon.
Schnefer Defeat, Saylor.
Jake Schaefer, the world's ; champion
billiard player, ran away from > Ben
Saylor at Morley's parlor last night,
the final score being 300 to 41. v Schaef
er . made the phenomenal : high , : runs of
I^B and his average was 33 1-3. 'The
game was witnessed by a large crowd
and the. brilliant work of tne champion
was loudly cheered.
St. DroU Wlai Itloh Stake*.
LONDON, Jjily 6.— At Newmarket to :
day the Princess of Wales' Stakes were
won by. St.' Denis, ridden by Maher,
the*. American; jockey.'. Exchequer was
second and Lancashire third. ,- Nine
horses started. Martin, the American
Jockey, rode Excheauer. ; *Vi
Judge Dissolves; Injanctlon.
PITTSBURGH July 6.— : Judge Weiss to
day dissolved' the" temporary., Injunction
granted" by the County Court restrain^
ing Pitcher Wiltse'and Outflelden'Hay^
don from playing with' the : York 'Tri-
State team. The two players Jumped
their Baltimore contract*.
'\u25a0\u25a0il-{:':^"l \u25a0.;\u25a0';\u25a0, - ->. \u25a0 \u25a0'-':\u25a0'"*'/•\u25a0\u25a0.' ' ; : *' •'-'^': 'V.'.'i \u25a0>;:.; :'}.;i '-\u25a0;"'\u25a0\u25a0 '>*-'t^".>. v-i:
THE SAN FRANCTSGO ;;CALU; FRIDAY.: JULY 7, 1005;
BIG RACE GOES
TO DR. SPRUILL
C. E. Ellison's Lucky Pur
chase Cleverly Gets Away
With Bison City Stakes
THIRD CONSECUTIVE WIN
Bookmakers Again Come Out
Ahead of Bettors, as Only
Two Favorites Come Home
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO,' July 6.— Dr. Sprulll, : carry-
Ing the old gold and black of C. R.
Ellison, proved a clever winner of the
Bison City Stakes, the feature event of
the card at Kenllworth, this afternoon.
Spruill's victory . was of the runaway
order. Getting off in front and opening
up a lead of four lengths in the first
sixteenth, he made his way throughout
and won by a length and a half from Miss
tiss. About ten days ago Ellison bought
this horse for a nominal figure and since
then he has won three races. The attend
ance was good and the speculation lively,
with the books getting the best of the bet
tors as only two of favorites won. Prin
cess Tulane and Blennenworth were the
successful choices. Summary: /
First race, five furlongs— Osslneke, 8 to 1,
won; Bertha E, 4 to 1. second; Sanfara, 7 to 1,
third. Time, 1 :01 2-5.
Second race, about two miles — Ruth's Rat
tler, to to 1, won; Punctual, 6 to 1. second;
St. Jolly, 0 to 10, third. Time, 4:06 1-5.
Third race, five and a half furlongs^ — Bobble
Kean, 8 to 1, won; Collector Jessup, 4 to 1,
second ; Fustian, 5 to 1, third. Time, 1:06 2-5.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Dr. Spruill, 5
to 1, won; Mistlss, 0 to 1, second; Yorkshire
Lad. 10 to 1, third. Time, 1:27 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile — Princess Tulane, 7 to
10, won; Monochord, 5 to 1, second ;. Crest
fallen, 10 to 1, third. Time, .1:41 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Blennenworth,- 7 to ll>, won; The Don, 3to 1,
second; Derry. 5 to 1, third. Time, 1:45 4-5.
LOXGSHOT BEATS MATT lIOGAX.
Bellona Fouls Smiler and Is Set Back
„$ by the Judges.
SEATTLE, July 6.— T..e attendance
at The Meadows this afternoon' was
poor and four favorites won. Matt
Hogan, favorite in the' six and a half
furlongs, ' was pinched out of It right
after the start and although lie made
up ground he tired before the end. The
Pride, a 30 to 1 shot, beat him out after
getting off flying. He had clean sailing
all the balance of the way. Bellona
won the iirst race, the four and a half
furlongs. Jockey Otis a furlong out
deliberately pulled across omiler, forc
ing the latter to bump against Isabeau,
who pulled away and lost to third
place. The judges immediately dis
qualified Bellona, placing Smiler first,
Isabeau second and Bellona third. Re
sults: ' ;;: ;
First rac«, four and a half furlongs — •Bel
lona (8 to 6, 2 to 5, out) won, Smiler (2 to 5.
out) second, Isabeau (out) third. Time,. :55^.
(•Disqualified and placed third.)
Second race, five furlongs— Lady Nlnora (8
to 5, 2 to 8, 1 to 3) won, Grenor*" (even, 2 to
5) second, Bill Short (4 to 5) third. Time.
l:02U. •
Third race, six and a half furlongs — The
Pride (30 to 1, 10 to 1. 5 to 1) won. Dotterel
(3 to 1, 6 to 5) 9econd, Matt Hogan (out)
third. Time. 1:21.
Fourth rac*, seven furlongs — J. H. Bennett
(2 to 1, 4 to 5, 1 to 3) won. Goldflnder (2 to
1, even) second. Dandle Belle (1 to 3) third.
Time. 1:27^.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Whisky King- (9
to 5. 1 to 2, out) won. Sea Air (2 to 1, even)
second. Blissful (3 to 2) third. Time, 1:2G%.
Sixth race, one mile— Llberto (6 to 5, \u25a0 1. to
2, 1 to 5) won, Hogarth (5 to 1, 2 to 1) sec
ond. Expedient (even) third. Time, ' 1:40%.
VIRGINIA TAKES THREE
IN A ROW FROM GLENN
Kennlth C Wins an Exciting Race
From Princess Louise by'
a Nose. .
LOS ANGELES, July 6. — Virginia^ to
day reversed Monday's result when she
took the first three heats in the 2:24
pace from Glenn, winning two of the
heats in 2:10 and the third in 2:I2&.
Kennith C fought* out a "close finish
with Princess Louise In the first heat
In the three-year-old trot, winning by
a nose, and was again first in the Beo
ond heat at the half by two lengths
when he broke and was distanced.
Princess Louise won" the next three
heats and the race. "Wild Bell took the
2 :27 trot, with Old Hickory second and
Modoo third. Summary:
First race, three-year-old trot, threa in five
pursa S&OOl
Princess Louise, b. f. (Julian).. . i'.. B 11 1
Osoola, br. s. (Mosher) 8 2 2 2
Kennlth C. br. o. (Trefrey)..... \u0084..i ai«
Time— 2:l7., 2>20, 2:19, 2:21.
Second race,, 2:27 trot, three- in five, purse
$1000: :- \u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0
Wild Bell, br. g. (Freeman) ...... S 4 1 "11
Old Hickory. , eh. g. (Wallace) ... .2 1288
Modoo. b. g. (Zibbe11) ... ... . . ... 12 841
Miss Mabel, b. m. (Maben) 4 8 6 2 2
D. B. Knight,- b. g. (Abeli):..;.B "666 S
Talisman, eh. (Stewart)r......7 5 4 dls.
Glennita, b. ; m. (Kent): ........ . 8 7. dls."'.
Time— 2:l9%. 2:19, 2:18%, 2:18%, :2:19%.
Third race, 2:24 pace, three In five, purse
$1000: -- v
Virginia, eh. mJ (Maben) ,1 l 1
Glenn, eh. g. "(Punder) .-.......'.;... ~;:~A \u25a0 2 2
Miss Win, eh. m. (Reames). .5 • 6 8
Bessie Barnes, blk. m. (Sherwood)..;. . 2-8 d."
Arg-yle, b. 6. (Springer) ......:. ;...8 4d.
Tlme- r 2:10. 2:10, 2:12H.'
RENO FIGHT PROMOTERS
WANT BRITT AND NELSON
Offer a Purse of 925,000 tor a Fight in
the Sagebrush State in Sep
' L; t ember.
The promoters of the ; Reno ; club * yes
terday wired' that they would hang up
a purse of $25,000 for, a finish fight be
tween ! Battling,. ; Nelson and , Jimmy
Britt ?to takei pls.ee". some time iln (the
early part of [September.; i Nelson stated
last night he; was willing and readyj to
accept the ott er£ and post a for
feit iat once ': to" guarantee his : good
faith. Britt has not yet been .heard
from.?- .\u25a0:.'•\u25a0\u25a0:.•'\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'\u25a0 •' '\u25a0-'\u0084"-"."".' \u25a0 ' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;i~,^ :.-\u25a0-.
Jimmy Coff roth, : promoter of the'Col
ma' 1 Club, said " he ; would put ; up a purse
of $20,000 for; a ; : fifty-round \ fight c be^
tween the i plumber I boy/and Ithel Dane
to take - place sat X Colma^* Nelson! was
also I ready *to talk"' business i with 1 Cof
f roth. f It ils I expected : that j the - matter,
will.; be settled definitely,? one way; or
the other; within the. next -few, Mays.
Nelson is ivery !to ' fight jßritt
on "any": terms -and twill; jumpt at \ either,
of the offers if; he ; gets "the ~ chance.
Darns and Kelly Matched.
PORTLAND,^Ore., - July ;6.^T6mit^
Burns ; arid • Hugo • Kelly. s of • Detroit j; have
signed "articles ; to fight; at ' Los ' Angeles
on\ July ;25. They will i-i light v at* i 158
pounds at 3: o'clock the day of the fight. 1
Burns and Kelly fouerht p d»-aw. at 'De
troit."- - -•- \u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0• ' \u25a0.••\u25a0--- -\u25a0;; ' "~ \u25a0'\u25a0 : - : '\u0094 i
GIANTS AGAIN
OUT IN FRONT
Schlafley 's Timely Bingle
Sends Atz Through Witli
Run Which Counts Most
PORTLAND FIELDS FAST
Although Score Is Close,
Si washes Never Figure to
Get Away With the Game
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
(Paoiflc Coast , League.) . l^W « U
•r -\ W. L. Pet. "W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ... .50 34 .593 Los Angeles.4o 43 .482
San Fran.'. ..50 39 .562 Oakland . ...86 47 .434
Portland ...40 39 .505 Seattle .... .33 46 .418
SEATTLE, July C— Portland looked
a winner all the way, to-day, for Cor—
bett was working nice and had the
gilt-edged support that an uncertain
quantity needs.. Van Buren's one
handed stab of Dashwood's hard drive
was the fielding: feature.
Atz put Portland oft in front O'Con
nell stopped too long to think and he
arrived justJn time to ; scoop Atz's in
neld fly on Tlie second,bounce. A sac
rifice advanced him and Schlafley
helped some with a corking single that
sent Atz, home. .
.The game was one of those well
oiled affairs which move so nicely that
even the umpire has no chance to
crowd into an argument. It was never
in doubt despite the fact that the score
was close. Score:
Seattle^ — . l Portland—
AB.R. H. P.A. .' AB.R. H. P.A.
.Waltrs.rt 4104 1 0 1 5 0'Atz.9.... 4 112 2,
ptckny.cf 4 0 0 1 0 .Vnßrn.cf 3 0 0 2 0
Kane,3b. 4 1 1 0 2iJ«tchll.lb 4 0 0 0 0
Frary.lb 4 0 1 10 I'lschlfly.2b 4 12 2 2
Houtz.lf. 3 0 12 Otfshldr.rf 4 0 0 10
CVCnll,2b 4 0 0 1 1 McLcan.c 4 0 2 ? 7 1
R. Halls. 3 0 0 4 2 Cates.lf. 4 0 13 0
Dashwd.c 3 0 0 3 2 Rnkle,3b 3 0 1 11
Poach.p. 3 0 0 16 Corbett.p 3 0 0 0 1
Totals. 32 1 427 14 Totals. 33 2 727 7
RUNS AND. HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle ...........0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0-i-l
Base hits 0 0 1 2 1 0 0 o—4
Portland 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 o—2
Base h1t5...;....0 1 2 1 0 2 10 o—7
SUMMARY.
Eerrors — O'Connell, Dashwood, R. Hall, Atz,
Schlafley, McLean, Runkle. Earned -runs —
Seattle 1, Portland 1. Two-base hits — Frary.
Cates, Schlafley, McLean, Runkle. Three-base
hit — Kane. • Sacrifice hits— Houtz, . Van" Buren.
Stolen base — Schlafley. Struck out — By Roach
2, by Corbett 4. Passed balls — Dashwood . 2.
Left on bases — Seattle 5, Portland 5. Time of
game — 2:00. Umpire — Bray.
OLYMPIC CLUB BOXEES
AKEKEADY FOE GONG
Winged "0" Scrappers to
Meet the Best Men in Port
/ land This Afternoon.
PORTLAND,. July 6.— Great ; interest. Is
manifested in the . amateur boxing . con
tests to take place In the baseball
grounds to-morrow, under the auspices
of the Lewis and Clark . Exposition. x-*e
entries are many and comprise some of
the best boxers in this State and . Cali
fornia. ;
The Multnomah Athletic Club boxers
have been training faithfully for the past
two weeks and are reported to toe in
splendid shape. " A ' '
The Olympic Club bcxers are In fine
form for the contests. De Witt (Van Court,
the boxing instructor of the Olympic
Athletic Club, will coach his boys. "Willie
Dwyer is looked upon as a likely winner
in the 125-pound class. He is a two
handed fighter and likes the game. That
he anticipates a hard fight , is evidenced
by the manner of his training.'
' Bobby Lundie will wear the winged "O"
In the lightweight division. . He has also
trained hard^ and Is nearly down to
weight. It : . is to be regretted that ':'\u25a0\u25a0 no
heavy-weight boxer has been : found. , to
give battle to Al Kauffman, the Olympic
Club champion, who came hare for a
contest. Manager Kerrigan has sought
high and low for a : boxer to beat Kauff
man, but they all shirk the meeting.
BENCH SHoW. IS OPENED
IN THE CITY BY THE SEA
Many. Valuable Dobs Entered for Prizes
to Be Given by Collie Club at
Santa Crux.
" SANTA CRUZ, ; July 6.— The annual
dog show under the auspices of the
Pacific Collie Club opened this morn-
Ing at the pavilion erected especially
for the event at the beach. Charles
Lyndon of Montreal,' Canada,, will judge
all classes except greyhounds and these
are to fbe passed upon by the \ grey
hound expert, W. H. Carmichael, of
San Jose. .
iue-show is a great success, the pa
vilion, being a spacious one, 1 a short dis-.
tance. from the water, and along;; the
sides .C has \u25a0\u25a0: been - arranged the 2 kennels,
each? dog having a kennel to itself, with
bed of straw. ,» Careful '{\u25a0 attendants "are
in charge. • V
jMrs. Stanley Postley of San Francisco
shows ] her two French . bulldogs, one of
which-has already wpri twenty "prizes
in Europe, : she having •. purchased the
animal •- In ?Paris. : :'C-
Miss I Ethel Hager of San Francisco
shows her. Dachshund and her Boston
terrier. ?;The San Francisco exhibit ar
i rived- this noon and many 'came from
SYSONBY'S ADMIRERS WAXT
TO SEE HIM GO. TO EUROPE
Keene'i Great Horse ; Entered In Many
Events :- and ;. Wishes v of \ Sport*
V May Not Be Gratlfled.
NEW YORK, July 6.— Since Sysonby*«
victory ;in the . Lawrence Realization
stakes, enthusiastic « -\ admirers]- of i the
Keene • horse, :. accepted " as % the} greatest
three-year-old j of Uhe^ American /iurf. :
have expressed the-hope: ttiat'a* meeting
might ;bc arranged between', the colt and
Cicero, winner of the Epsom> Derby; and
star I of; his; age ;in^EnglandJ
racing \u25a0: men 'assert ..that there" is little
likelihood .of f suchfa./ race, asi Sysonby
undoubtedly \u25a0•\u25a0 willKbe : kept busy: in { this
country; this summer; and , fall,", with! the
prospectVof being ; able to ; earn -vastly
moreimoney than:he;possibly 4 couldlwin
In- England ,by;any"stakeji for whl.-h he
might? be 'entered now.';; \u25a0'\u25a0/.'[\u25a0\u25a0: .-;-:.. y.}i . -
"Will Try, for Auto Record.
NEW/ YOJt k;? July ,6.— At 2 ; a. -m: to
day 5 C. '{ G.' Wridgway, i former^ holder ' of
the 1 1000-mile .record,'^ leftj : here \ in V his
twenty-four r horsepower ; sautomoblieyin
ah attempt to makea T new, non-stop" rec-^
ord 'between this city,.: and ;'. Cleveland!
Wrldgway,; in this .same; car, recently
covered^, 1000 ; ; miles %at the: Brighton
Beach\ track in 25 hours" 50 Vminutes,
whichjstood as - a •record.; untilf-iGuy
Vaughan's record-breaking flight at tht
Emnlre Cltv track ! ten' days i at* 'C
LEADERS AGAIN
IN DEADLOCK
White Sox Take Cleveland
Down the Line and the
' Eace v ls ; on> Once More
ATHLETICS HIT HARD
Corridon Pitches a Grand
Game for Phillies, Shut
ting the Beaiieaters Out
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
- (National League.) (American League.) ..
W. L. Pet. . W. L. Pet.
New York . .52 20 .722 Cleveland . ..40 22.645
Pittsburgh;:. 4s 27.C2.-i Chicago V...40 22 .643
Chicago -.;.-.-. 42 30 .583 Philadel ....89 25 .609
Cincinnati ..37 33 .52S Detroit ..V..32 33 .494
Philadel ... .31 28 .525 Boston 28 31 .475
St. Loul* . . .25 46 *.552 New York. . .25 33 .417
Boston ..:.. 21 49 .300 Washington.. 24 40 .375
Brooklyn :..21 51 :29215t: Louis ..23 41 .360
(AMERICAN LEAGUE.)
I CLEVELAND. July 6.— Chicago defeat
ed Cleveland to-day, the teams . being
agajn; tied for; first place. Bernhard
pitched a -strong -game, but Donahue's
run' with two 'men on bases :gave Chi
cago a winning lead in the first Inning.
Attendance 3100. Score:
R. HE
Cleveland ......... .............. 2 7 i
Chicag0.:......... ................ 7 10 1
Batteries— Bernhard and Bemls; Altrock and
McFarland.' • ' .
PHILADELPHIA. ' July 6— Hard ' hitting
enabled Philadelphia' to win a well-played
game from Boston =: to-day. , Winters • retired
In the third, after the home team, had made
four singles and a - triple. Attendance, 5300.
Score: . ' \u25a0 . \u25a0:
Philadelphia".'.""..!"!*!!!!'!!".!!!! 7 11 1
Batteries— Winters. Tannehill and McGovern;
Coakley and Bchreck. \u25a0
DETROIT.. July 6.— Detroit won" the worst
played game of the season from St. Louis to
day in the ninth Inning •on ' a base on \u25a0 balls,
a sacrifice and Lindsay's hit. Both pitchers
were effective ; but " poorly supported. . \u25a0 Attend
ance, 2100. Score:
R. H. E.-
Detroit .............. ...4 6 616 1
St. Louis .-. .'..3 5 3
Batteries— Killlan and Doran; Sudhoff and
Roth. ; , - - "
CINCINNATI. July 6.— Brown was hit hard
in the first Inning, when the Cincinnati
scored enough runs to win the game. . Ewlng
was hit little after the first round, not a man
reaching third.; Attendance, 1700. Score: v
;_ R. H. E.
Cincinnati ....6 9 :. :. 2
St. Louis .....:....;.....>....... 1 7 2
Batteries — Ewing and -Street; Brown and
Zearfoss. Umpire — Bauswine.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
\u25a0 BOSTON July 6.— Corrldon pitched . a great
game for Philadelphia and won additional ap
plause by his fearless handling of hard drives.
Young was also effective. Attendance, 1700.'
Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 2 7 0
Boston ...*...,. 05 1
Batteries — Corrldon and Dooln; Young and
Moran. Umpire — Klem.
\u25a0 CHICAGO. July 6.— Pittsburgh fielding was
ragged to-day, but by hard hitting they won
easily. Attendance 4300. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7 2
Pittsburgh ..:.....:.. ...5 11 6
Batteries^ — Roulbach "and Kllng; Phllllppl
and Carrisch. Umpire— CDay.
NEW YORK, July 6.— New York easily won
from Brooklyn to-day, : taking a commanding
lead . In the first Inning. . Wiitse at all times
was master of the situation and 1 .the visitors
could no nothing with his pitching.- -Attend
ance. 3200. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 8 11 0
Brooklyn .......... ...1 3 4
Batteries — Wlltse and Bowerman; Eason and
Bergen. Umpire — Johnstone.
BIG TENNIS TOURNAMENT
AT HOTEL DEL CORONADO
Handsome Prizes to Be Awarded the
.Winners of Event* Which Start
on July- 24.
A big tennis tournament has been
arranged to take place on the new
cement courts -of the Hotel del Coro
nado from July 24 to 29. It is expected
that the cracks from all over the State
will enter to compete for; the hand
some trophies offered.
• The events will consist of men's and
women's singles and doubles. Beauti
ful trophies will be awarded the win
ners of each event. The tournament
will be held under the auspices of the
Coroiiado Country Club and air entries
must be in by July 22, when the draw
ings will be held at -the office of the
Hotel del Coronado. All communica
tions should 'be addressed to Grlfilng
Bancroft, Bancroft building, San Diego.
\u25a0 \u2666 » .
CHAMPION LEANDER CREW
OUTROWS THE BELGIANS
English Oarsmen Go the Distance Five
Seconds Better Than on
Previous Day.
HENLEY, England, July 6. — -The Lean
ders who yesterday /defeated the Ves
pers of Philadelphia by. a length, to-day
won the final heat In the contest for the
Grand Challenge cup. defeating the Bel
gian crew by two and a half lengths ' In
the splendid time of 6 minutes 65 sec
onds. This Is five seconds better than
yesterday and Is only five seconds out
side the record.
Eton again . carried off the ladies'
plate.; defeating>-Christ's \u25a0 College, Cam
bridge, by a length. Time 7 minutes 13
seconds. SSSBUBmSBtBmSHtKSM
The : World's Greatest ' Poet.
."Hongkong,"; says Alleyne Ireland; In
The Far I Eaßterh Tropics, "was "\ ceded to
England by^ China In 1542 by the treaty of
Nanking. At that time the; population of
the , colony was '\u25a0: about 5000, made , up ~of
pirates, '-; fishermen, farmers, and granite-"
workers,-. living ' ln i huts : made of : baked
mud ) (and ! ' bricks and holding no , Inter
course! withlthe outside world beyond
Canton, which lies ninety miles to the
north.-"; \'" : ':;,. '\u25a0 y.\""'.'-^'yi"^
r "This ( : was . sixty- years ago, ; and to-day
Hongkong , has a . .V population \u25a0 of , 300,000
souls, - a fine city; for its capital, splendid
roads,' schools, churches,,. banks, hospitals,
clubs, hotels newspapers i'electrlo ;- light,
cable "cars— ln ; short,; almostVeverythlng
whiclT; we -T are • accustomed ? to : associate
with the * idea ' of •- advanced : civilization—
it : Is ' connected iwith \ the outside >by
caßTej and Ibyithefmostf extensive " system
of" steamship lines which : converge at any
single '\u25a0 port , In the Vworld.".
vHongkong.is the biggest seaport in the
world ,1* its fe' shipping T* surpassing <" that of
Londoft lor . New., Yor k: In { quantity! * But It
is not \u25a0a " colony t in T . the ] usual sensed vJIt is
about t, the 1 size' of ": Manhattan * Island-fa
Portland" nothing \u25a0\u25a0";" more.— New York
WorId.T^SIg^^BBffIBBB MBBMBsgHB
Pigeons Stop Town . Clock.
s Xli pigeon ?. roosting^ on the - minute
hand'? of: the :towni; clock,' .in '.the- Cass
Co~untyJ(lnd.) i tower, fstop
pedJ.the"[clocksat;precisely "6:20 \u25a0 : J and
caused", many - ; people; in . Logansport ;. to
be Van; hour " late. ; ; ..The electric^s light
,was 1 turned on r in. the.' tower ' and.', al
thbu'gh'itheldial.,:was; suddenly.;illumin
ated,^, thefplgeon : was: not An" the'; least
.'disturbed,' and ;ref used ;to~move."^ A* jan
itorXwaslfobliged: to? climb the^dlzzy
height s"and J'J^shoo'^ theT bird - away. "' { It
was v,7 : l s^o'clock \l when the .. mechanism
was ;aeain* in * motibxbVv?
AMERICAN GIRL
IS A PHENOM
Clears the Way f or Meeting
Wif h Miss Douglas. Lady
Champion, To - Morrow
CHEERED BY THE CROWD
By Consistent Playing She
Lowers Colors of Miss C.
Wilson in Lively Match
LONDON, July 6.— Miss May Sutton of
Pasadena, Cal..to-day ; emerged victori
ous •; from the big entry for the premier
ladles' .tennis honor , of all-England, de
feating by : consistent work throughout
all .the aspirants for the championship
nowheltfiby Miss D. K. Douglas, whom
she meets on Saturday. :A ' battle royal
Is expected, as 'the English woman is a
fast player and a good general, while
Miss" Sutton throughout the tournament
exhihlted form never equaled at "Wim
bledon.
That Miss Sutton's triumph is most
popular was shown when she defeated
In two straight sets Miss C. Wilson, who
played beautiful tennis and only suc
cumbed after a hard fight. The spectators
rose In a body and cheered the young
American again and again. \u0084;'..
To-day's match proved to be the hard
est Miss Sutton had yet struck. There
were four deuce games In both sets. The
American was tired at the commence
ment of the second set and the ' Kentish
champion seemed to be winning when
Miss Sutton rallied and ultimately won.
She played a magnificent back line
game and her drives kept her opponent
from getting near the net. .Miss Sut
ton's victory was very popular. An enor
mous gallery ' witnessed , the motch and
roundly cheered the young American win
ner.
In the ladles . open doubles Misses
Thomson and Longhurst beat Misses
Sutton- and Morton 6-3. 6-3.
In the doubles to-day, the Britishers.
S. H. Smith and Frank L* Riseley de
feated the \u25a0 Australians, Norman Brooks
and ' Walter Dunlop, thus eliminating all
but Englishmen from - the men's .all-
England championship.
PERILS TO PASSEXGEHS y
OX FOUII TRACK RAILWAYS
Lobs Freight Trains* Buckle and Cars
Are Crowded Over on Other
Tracks.
• We wish to draw attention to the fact
that this catastrophe at Harrlsburg
shows, in a most dramatic way, what
a great peril the passenger trains on
four-track railroads are exposed to in
having to sweep past the wholo length
of the many forty and fifty car freight
trains, which they meet so frequently
in traveling through . busy manufac
turing- districts such as those traversed
by the Pennsylvania Railroad. It is a
fact well . understood by railroad men
that the enormous length to which
freight trains have grown of late years
exposes them to exactly the kind of
accident which caused the recent dis
aster, namely, the crumpling up of the
train" when the brakes are suddenly ap
pliedif the action of the brakes is not
uniform throughout the whole length
of the train. If a freight train of forty
\u25a0Or fifty cars and weighing over 2000
tons is traveling say, twenty miles an
hour, and the air brakes are applied
and act simultaneously and with equal
efficiency on every car, the whole train
would be brought to rest without any
danger of crushing or displacing the
cars. But if the action of the brakes
should be faulty, and the brakes should
be set hard on say only the first half
or third of the train, the enormous
momentum \ of the . last half or two
thirds, expending Itself on the portion
upon which the brakes are In full ao
tion, brings a crushing strain which
the cars are unable to withstand, and
they are forced into one another or
twisted from the track and> thrown
sidewise onto the adjoining tracks. It
Is well known among railroad men that
accidents of this kind are extremely
frequent and that they constitute a
standing menace to fast trains on the
adjoining passenger tracks — a menace
that, cannot be safeguarded by signals,
not, at least, if the wreck should take
place when the express is within a
short distance of or passing the freight
train. This is one of the perils to
which -the recent rapid , growth of
freight traffic and the endeavor to
cheapen its transportation by using
enormous engines and trains of exag
gerated length have brought ns. The
only safeguard against it is the exer
cise of eternal vigilance on the part
of the engineers of passenger trains,
and the most careful use of the air
brakes on the part of the engineers of,
long and heavy freight trains.—Scien
tific American.
Insuring: Asnlnst Trrln«.
An English gentleman of limited means
had married recently into a very prolific
family. There was prospect of an addi
tion to -his household. '
"Twins," reflected the gentleman." "are
much more expensive to support than one
child." And he sent his broker. to one of
Lloyd's underwriters. The underwriters
set an : actuary \u25a0to look over - vital statis
tics: and make a few calculations. Then,
for the sum. I think, of 25 guineas, he in
sured the gentleman In £1000 against the
advent of twins.
This somewhat threadbare tale shows
fairly both • sides of the game of insur
ance. The evident \ side Is chance. The
underwriter : Invited a loss of £973.13.0.
for which \ he ' would - have nothing to
show. \u25a0'. The other side:
The point of the ; story Is that the lady
presented her Impecunious . husband with
one fine son. The deduct
ing,' cay', £2 as the value .of his time and
his actuary's. . set ; down a net profit of
£24.5.0, for which he had advanced noth
ing—but the risk, science.— Leslie's
Monthly. "
Lumber War on Maine Border.
The ; little war between ) the . lumbermen
of Maine and .New, Brunswick, along "the
St. John ; : River, which constitutes far
some distance : the ' boundary between the
United ' States and S the British possession
will .'doubtless : yield to ; diplomatic treat
ment. "Q New ; Brunswick \ lumbermen, „it is
reported, i have cut i the log booms of the
Maine \u25a0 lumbermen, it ' is asserted,
obstruct;the navigation of ; the river, and
there have been ; some , collisions • between
the employes' of the rival American and
Canadian ; companies., /An \* agent of one
of the ; New; Brunswick companies has ' re
ceived orders to clear. the river^and dyna
mlte \was.' used on \ one Sof - the , American
booms.",; The : cuarrel Is of long standing
and^Great^Britain and the United States
have ;been' endeavoring to quiet the dis
pute. ".-.* Great - Britain i has 1 offered to sub^
mit , the ; contention '. the International
Waterways , Commission. : now in session
at Washington; but : the , American • mem
bers i declined to . consider ; the question. A
special ; commission ' will ; probably be au
thorized ,j by. Congress ; to 1 deal with •' the
Question.— Philadelphia Ledger. .
SPORTS
YANKEES PROVE
STAR MARKSMEN
Lead jfclie Crack Britishers
by Five Points at the
End of First Pay's Shoot
CONTEST A VERY CLOSE
Captain McLean Confident
His Men Will Carry Off
Honors at Long Ranges
RISLEY, England, July 6.— The Ameri
can team of riflemen was five points to
the good after a remarkably close shoot at
the 500 and 600 yard ranges on the first
day of the contest for the Sir Howard
Vincent shield against ths Queen's West
minster Volunteers. This lead was se
cured at the 500 yard ranges, the score at
600 yards being even at 369.
Captain Robert McLean said to a rep
resentative of the Associated Press that
he was satisfied with the result and was
confident the team would be able to hold
its own at the long ranges. 800 and 1000
yards. When the Americans left th,e 800
range with a five-point lead they received
a round of hearty cheers from the on
lookers. The Americana made 43 and the
Westminsters 46 bullseyes at 500 yards
range.
The competition was one of the clos
est ever witnessed at Risley. and the
keenest was taken In It as the
day's shooting was closing. The West
minsters fired quicker than the marks
men of the Seventh, and finished
fifteen minutes before the Americans.
Bacchus, one of the Westminster reserves,
led the scoring. At 600 yards he scored U
bullseyes and four inners. being but four
short of the possible score.
Stevens, of the Seventh, at 500 yards hit
the bullseye 12 times, but he had two In
ners and one magpie at 60i> and his score
fell to 69. spoiling a good beginning. The
next highest to Becchus for the West
minsters was Mansfield, also a reserve
man.
Stall led the Seventh with 134. After
the shooting, the teams were entertained
at tea by the Westminsters, the latter" 3
band playing during the function.
WORK ALREADY DO.NE
OX PAXAMA CANAL
Chief Knsinter Wallace Tells What
Has Been Accomplished and What
Is Proposed.
The work done on the Isthmus during
the past nine months is more significant
in the fact that it 13 largely preparatory
to the work that is to come, says Chief
Engineer Wallace of the Panama Canal
in Harper's Weekly.
Engineering parties are covering tfle
entire isthmus, making surveys and
checking the French data— mapping and
surveying the streams and finding out
the discharge of the various water
courses, in the Chagres River particu
larly: taking borings to determine tfie
character of foundations available for
dams and determining the geological for
mation of the isthmus along the canal
line. This work is being done to verify
the data which, were found in the French
archives and to "secure additional Infor
mation. " - •
In the engineering and construction de
partment during the month of March
there were 5000 men employed. In tKs
force are 700 Americans— civil engineers,
clerks, foremen and mechanics— men oC
the higher grades and directing opera
tions, including steam-shovel men and
trainmen. There are 1100 native artisans
—machinists, carpenters, bricklayers and
other skilled artisans— composed of Ja
maica negroes, Spanish. Central Ameri
can peons, all classes of labor other than
Americans.
In addition to this, in the sanitary,de
partment—draining swamps, clearing Jun
gle , and .work of that character, and
serving as officials of the zone govern
ment, police force, etc.— there are practi
cally 2500 men. This force of 7300 men.
under the auspices of the Isthmian Canal
Commission. 13 increasing dally. For in
stance. In the Culebra excavation a new
steam-shovel is installed about every two
weeks. This means more cars, more en
gines, more crews.
The force engaged in the canal requires
extensive housing. lln the architects' de
partment there .are 964 men engaged in
planning, rebuilding and repairing houses.
That work is being pushed as fast as tha
men can be employed to do It and as fast
as : the materials can be obtained
from the United States— where most of
the material of all sorts comes from.
MUNICH LEADS WORLD
AS THE CITY OF BEE*
Consumption oi the BeTcnge in That
Place Runs to 700,000 Barrels
Annually.
"Munich la the great Deer city of th«
world," said Fritz Sommersen. Memphis,
who has recently returned* from a con
tinental trip. "There are^ nearly 8000
breweries In Bavaria, big and little, of
abcut one to every 1000 Inhabitants. Ths
largest are In Munich, one of which pro
duces annually 7.000.000 gallons of beer,
and there are. two others not far behind.
"The city of Munich drinks every year
700.000 barrels of beer, or nearly, two bar
rels to every man, woman and child la
the place, and pays more than J6.000.000
for It. Taking the whole country.' the
consumption of beer Is 260 Quarts a head
of population. Munich alonfe has nearly
300 breweries, there having: been a steady
Increase in the number ror the last 200
years. In 1600 there were sixty. breweries
In the capital, but the first records con
cerning the brewing of beer date back to
1150. For several centuries after that time
mead, a concoction of water and fer
mented, honey, was the common drink of
the people.
"In 1613 the hofbrau or royal brewery
was ' established, which is still a flour
ishing institution and puts a great deal
of: money yearly into the King's coffers.
When General Grant was in Munich the
hofbrau. was the onlyone of the city'a
sights that ha chose to see and he was
so well pleased with the beer that he
gave the waitress a 50-centx tip."—Mil
waukee Free Press.
Ranee of Bees for »o tar.
: "The. range of honey bees Is but little
understood," said F. Frank Kllbourn
••Many suppose that bees go for miles in
quest x>f nectar, while others think theY
gotypnly for a short distance. It may Be
curious to many to understand how any
one can tell how far the bees ro»y fly
but this Is simple when understood Y*Hrs
ago. when the Italian bees were nrst
Introduced in the United State*,' these
bees, having marks different to th* com
mon bees already here, were easily dis
tinguished, and after any bee keet*r had
obtained the Italian bees they could be
observedNind their range easily noticed
If ,bloom is plentiful close where be«s
are located, they will not, go wry far
perhaps a 'mile in range, but if bloom li
scarce they may fly five miles. Usually
about three miles Lj a* far as they may
go profitably. Bees have been known to
go as faras eight miles in a straight line
crossing a body of water. that dlat&am to
land.?^-ilHwauke« Fre« Ptm* •»«•«»WILL CARRY
CONTRABAND
3lanchiiria ? s Car^o Includes
Munitions of War for
the Japanese Government
LINER'S LIST FILLED
There Is Xot Room for All
the Tourists Who Would
Travel With Taft Tarty
As a carrier of contraband, the Pacific
Mail Company is ttill doing business at
the old stand and the Manchuria, which
s-ails for Japan to-morrow with the Min
ister of War and the President's daughter
among her passengers, will take a large
guanmy of war supplies for the Mikado's
, forces. Included in the contraband is a
:arge shipment of shells for the big guns
.ia ran is using against Russia. These
t-h'elis. as before, are shipped under the
puss* of machinery, but they are ehells
;ust the same. There Is less fear now
than ever of Russian interference with
lids lucrative traffic, but th^re is always
c possibility of an encounter with one
if the Czar'a few remaining war ye«»-
M>!s. Big as is the Manchuria, it would
i.ike a very small torpedo boat to halt
her. The tour of the, Taft party does
pot include Vladivostok, but it is within
Jh<? rar.ee of possibility that it may.
Chief Officer Morton, famous in the ]
Pacific Mail service as an exacting house
1 is keeping all har.ds at work wash-
Ing paint, scrubbing decks and polishing
!>rass=, and if General Manager R. p.
Bcbverfn is not satisSe-d to-morrow with
i he Manchuria's appearance. It will be
because the general manager's liver needs
lonlnc up.
T.*.e Manchuria will carry about 12.000
ton* of cargo, but all signs of freight will
I c hidden under closed hatches by Satur
day morning and in anticipation of there |
betas a large crowd on the wharf to wit- j
: ess the liner's departure, steps are be- j
'.: g taken to have the dock kept as clean \u25a0
i s sossible of trucks and wagons.
As soon as it was announced that the '
Taft party would sail on the Manchuria. J
there was evident a general determlna- ;
t-on in the tourist ranks to take passage :
on the same 6teamer. Bookings by other I
« *>ssels were canceled and within a few !
days there were on file at the Pacific Mail ,
cSSce er.ough applications for accomoda- \u25a0
lions on the Manchuria to fill that roomy
User two or \hree times. There is a long i
waiting list of those still hoping for a j
c hance to travel in the atmosphere of !
jrrtatness. but the prospects are that they
must take their comfort in the reflection
that they casie within one, or thirty, or
forty, of traveling on the same ship with
Miss Roosevelt and Secretary Taft.
Will Trr to Locate Leak.
The schooner Asvll. which returned to port
fc few days zgo leaking-, started last evening
r= a tweßiy-f our- hour cruise outside the be&da.
Captain PiHsfcury. representing the under
writers, will be on board and vrill make an
«ffort to locate the I*ak. Trial there is a
leak Is certain and lt Is just as sure that so
:&r nobody knows iust where It is. All but
tne captain of tha men. who returned on the
Ar.vil have refused to go to sea. la her and lt
vas with scree trouble that a crew waa se
cured to take her out on this cruise in tearch
. ( the leak.
Steamer Volsa on Fire.
Accordltig to a cablegram received yesterday
from Kobe, the cargo cf the steamer Volga,
r.c.»- at Yrkchataa, Is en fire. The Volga is
8 British tramp which left this port Hay 24
erA which arrived at - Yokohama prior to
June 21.
Tli* Overdue? I. lst.
The vessel on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Honolulu, 80 per
\u25a0St. and Chipperkyle. 70 per cent.
Water Front .Votes.
The ell steamer Atlas went outside the
hteds yesterday to empty her tanks.
The tur £ea Rover returned yesterday from
Kiireka, to which port eh« towed the Echooner
fc. T. Alexander and the barce Lekiae.
The Pacific Mali Company's liner City of
j •_»\u25a0..:.£ stalled yesterday for Panama with
about eixty pasaensers and 4000 tons of cargo.
Albert Maynard, a naval apprentice who de
serted from Yerba Buena last May. gave him
*'-lf up yeetexday to the harbor police.
Tfc« KosreoeMiser Theben cleared yesterday
for Hamburg fey way. of Pugst Sound. She
win return here before proceeding to Ham
tzrs-
The shipwrecked sailors taken from a South
Fea itlaftd and landed at Honolulu by the
FChocaer Matthew Turner will probably be
brought to this pert by the liner Alameda,
which leaves here to-raorrow and is due back
egaln July 19.
XEWS OF TUB OCEA>'.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The British steamer Ilford fat Portland) Is
chartered for lumber tlier.ce to Taku.
\u2666
Export* by tlie Qneen.
The etearaer Que«n sailed on Wefiaesday (or
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to various British Columbian ports
'.aiued at SCSC3. The foliowinr were the
rrtncip*J shipments: 1047 pkga frefh fruits.
E36 pkg« j- iat.-.* t . 7C pkgs onioc? 7 pkys
itcth \egetab'ies, 5350 Jbs dried fruit. &«W
:bs btans. S>) cs earned goods £0 gala win
&47 lb» coffee. 4415 lbs ni-als, 11.240 lbs malt.
I pkgs groceries and provisions, 421 lbs leaf
t -bac-eo. 4 l«a!^s twJne. 3 tryls gas 68 pl:gs
r..ttal pcllsh. 30.5T.0 ibs crude gypsum. 2 btrs
fteeJ. 3 Mis leather. C c* arms and to
rrunltlon. 4 bars iron.
The steamer also carried the following cargo
<z roui« to Northwest Ter.-iiory: 24,375 lbs
dried fruit, ."130 sks :>oLatoe» 40 sks onionk
tr.-l 3 roils leather va:ued at $11354.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
Tt;# schocner M«;lha Neison sailed yesterday
fcr &J£hukcr.a with aa arrotted merchandise
cargo valued at $4«80 and ir.~iud;ng the tc\
lnwing: tSS bbls flour. 3253 otls barley 20
*^i£ wheat. «4.fr44 Ibs bran, lie U!f« h«y
x'Ll*^ °* t "- U pk * s eroctri*si ar.d provisiotis.
ltSu lbs lircad, 2350 ibs tail. 2u cs C bin*
e^licoa, 15 vlizs rwt£.toe« ar.d onions, 50C0 lbs
rice, 10 bxt paste. 230 !ba codfl*h t 25.503 it
i-JKiber, 2uo bdia eli:aglej«. 1 pkg machinery.
23 cs oil S cs matches. 11 pigs paints io
kegs.wfc{t« lead. 35 eks conl. o;«,t bxs ecap.
. The l*ark George Curtis saiifd yesterday for
lipncjulu with carco valued at ?lXf>a2, Th«
following w«r« the 'Wincipal shlpmecte: ISI3
«:aU wise, as; bales hay. 40.5a7 It* rr.irtdllnur*
ZOtf <tls bailey. <»45 lbs bran. MS* ctls
cats. «»4 tales hay s!> ctif corn 2tOo' lb»
mijjstuCs. 41Wi Iba bt-ead. 11.250 lbs salt.
Tj.j !t* fucar. €5 ca «. > ann*d goods. 50 cs
ol:v* oil. :iO j-kpi baking powder. 33« pain
vinerar. 83,«iO« bri-.-k!. 1543 bils hardwood.
fr9<> Mis : .-..: c.. «. 172 pkgs doors and windows
r.'» <?y soaji. ltj bales paj»er ba««. 501U ft lum
t-r. 220 pkgj paints. . . '
The Peking's Otrsro.
The rteamer Cily of Peklnc eailed ye*ter
f3ay ftrr Ancoa and war ports with a. lEreceral
_ tnercbAr.G'Ue cargo valued at 51M.751. .. to be
'<l:irtributM as follows: For Central A.msrlca,
*^.444- Mexico. ?'7t4; Parjaraa 55472; Colom
bia. SIO7J; New York. $7C.C41: British Guiana,
571: Curacao. $61; Germany *3223. lh» fol
low ing wfre th» principal *-xports:
To C«jt:-a( Atnenca— 3Dos bbls flour. 41t51
ct!s ccm. 4/>,215 ;b» lard 10.000 lbs rice. 30.WC!)
m lbs salt. 30(1 lbs dried fruit, 4O pkers potatoes
' and onirmsv ::2>> : Ibs spices. 26 cs cannad roods.
-' <~ B horify. 14 cs salad oil. ICJ pkgs groceiies
md provisions, lw bx* paete, 01 es wh!#ky,
i"«i cals wine, 30 c* b*«r. 62,290 lbs tallour.
7 M'.s brcjinn, S fcxs soap. 14 «\u25a0« turpentine. I
;'.-!V2 :t lumber. 15S* sks coal, 1338 railroad!
'.'•\u25a0?. 21 car«. 2 pkss machlnerr. Z pcs steel,
-'•"Men coal oil. 2 pkps pipe/ 3 cs *cid. s,cs
<'rufig, 10 cs boots and shoes, 2 cs arms and
."immunitlcn. *
To ilexlco— 2Co bbls flour 173 gals * c*
IC2B lbs dried fruit. <B7 Ibj -juices. 2S
rals JO cs whisky 250 caJs brandy. 23 pkgs
rrocrries and provisions. 478 lbs ralains. 8
• s oli\-es. R m canned roods. 30-J a coal o'.l,
21 bdls «t>eel. 12li k*e« nails, 3 r-ks» m«
rhlnery. 2 bdls Iron. IC.IOS ft lumber. . 21,088
2bs soda. 2 cyl» ammonia. 1 cs liat* SOO
bdls fcbindes. 2 bbls tar, 10 . cs axle trrep.se,
<5 pkgs Paper. 4 pkss oils. 7 cs window giasm,
9 ict trcif and ammanltJcn. "
To Paniina — C&0 bbls flour, IMO cals arlne.
25 cs &a!mon. 11 i>k;r£ groceries an>l y;i#v'.sion«,
150 crts onions, 72 pkgs machinery, 22 rkss ;
mlllwork.
To Colombia— 2o6 bbJs flour. 9000 lbs rice.
4 crts onions, S cs canned goO'ls, I cs bread, i
To New York — T5.520 gals wine. 129 pal:
brandy, 33.035 lbs dry hides, 154 Lal?s cattle
hair. 40.640 16s bone black. 220.150 ihs crease
wool. 140 bales junk. 4 c» canned trooin.
To British Guiana — 15 cs canned I'rult. Jl5
Jbs dried fruit.
To Curacao— S cs canned fruit, 4 cs salmon,
2 Bkjrs dried fruit.
To Germany — i 4 cs drugs, 15,57(5 lbs «ld
brass, 3479 lbs old copper.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
atearaer. I From. . ' I Dne-
I Pt. Arena I Mendocino & Pt. ArenalJuly 7
! Arcc Eel River Porfj ...... I July "
IXcrthFork.. Humboldt WJuly 7
! Czarina Portland -W-'i July 6
1 Del Norte... • Crescent City .-...|JUIy 8
; Tricolor Oyster Harbor' -fJuly 8
' Columbia.... Portland & Astoria (July 8
I Pomona j KumTsoldt •] July 8
| Coronado San Pedro 'July 8
Aberdeen j San Pedro (July 0
Chas. Nelson. Seattie & Tacoma ;July 9
Cascade ! Portland & Astoria ...jJuly 9
Nome City... | San Pedro [July 9
S.Barbara... Eeattle & Olympla lJuly »
Breakwater. . Coos Bay j July 9
Arctic Humboldt July 0
Sea Foam Mendocino & Pt. Arena.July 9
Xevadan Seattle' I July ll>
R- Dollar San Pedro jJuly 10
Vanguard Humboldt July 10
Korea Chica & Japan IJuly IP
P.oanoke San Pedro IJuly 10
Eureka Humboldt (July 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. jJuly 10
Vmatilla Puget Sound Ports (July 10
I Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. l July 10
.State of Ca!.. San Diego & Way Pts.:July 10
G. Llntlauer. .' Grays Harbor IJuly 10
Newburg Grays Harbor 'July 10
Northland... Portland & Astoria.... July 11
Elizabeth Coquille River July 11
Tltanla Oyster Harbor July 11
Hedondo Portland & Astoria. . ..-July 11
Corona. Humboldt iJuly 11
City Para.... New York via AnconJJuly 12
Acapulco New York via Ancon., ! J\]ly 12
M. F. Plant.. Coos Bay & Pt. OriordjJuly 13
porno '. Point Arena & Albion.) July 13
Santa Rcsa.. Ean Diego & Way Ports! July 1 :{
St. Paul Portland & Astoria IJuly 13
Coos Bayr.\ .. San Pedro & Way Ports; July 14
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts. IJuly 14
Condor Iquique j July 14
F. Kilburn... Portland & Way PorU.JJuly 15
Queen Puget Sound Pcrts jJuly 1«
Nebraskan..-! Hccolulu & Kahu'.ut. .IJuly 17
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. j Sails. | Pier.
~ ! July 7/ j \
Ccror.a HumboMt 11:30 p Pier 9
Sequoia...- Wiliapa Harbor ;12 m'Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am! Pier 5
July 8. 1 i
' Porno Pt. Arena & Alblonj 6 pm'Pier 2
I M. F. Plant. Coos Bay • 4 pm'Pier 11
j Pt. Arena.. ! Point Arena j 4 pm)Pler 2
J Curacao | Mexican Ports 110 amPler 11
! Aurelia • Astoria & Portland' 0 pm]Pier 27
San Jose ,N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m'Pier 40
Alameda Honolulu 11 amjPier 7
Manchuria. China & Japan . 1 pmjPier 40
Argo Eel River Ports... 3 paiiPler 2
Ccronadb... Grays Harbor .... '2 pm'Pier 10
f Jnly 8. I
S.Barbara. Los'Angeies Ports. 1 pmiPler 2
Coos Bay..-} Newport & Way..! 9 am! Pier 11
City Puebla.l Puget Sound Ports, jll am|Pler »
S Rosa | £an Dieso & Way.) 9 amlPier 11
July 10. j
11. Dollar..-' St. Michael j Pier 20
Roanoke.:. ! Portland & Way... 2 pm|Pler 0
nminier ', Seattle & Bellnghm 2 pmjPier 10
Pomona-.-.] Humboldt l:3op;Pler 9
»; F & rk 1 Humboldt j 9 amlPler 20
Jnly 11. I j
Vcrthlard.- Lo* Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 27
KcmaOtyr- Seattle & Tacoma.. Pier 1C
Breakwater.' Coos Bay 5 pm i Pier 8
: Coiumbia..-, Astoria & Portland. ill emjPJer 24
i r Ne'son..-; Seattle & Tacoma.! 5 pm Pier 2D
Cascade i Astoria & Portland! 5 pmiP.er 2
1 Elizabeth., j Coquille River j 5 pmlPier 20
R Dollar..-' Seattle t
Varcuard.. ' Humboldt j 5 pmiPier 27
/-ctic ....' Kumboldt !10 amPler 2
Pcb. Foam., i Point Arena i 4 pm|Pler 2
| *\u25a0 July 13. j |
' Ptatecf Cal' San Diego & Way. 9 amiPltr 11
' T>o"Vta ... i Sun Pedro & Way.! 9 ampler 11
: Vrvadan... Hor.o. & Kahului..! 3 pmiPier 25
' C Liaiaucr Grays Harbor . .. .1 2 prmPier lv
i VewbuTg ..! Grays Harbor .... 2 pmiPier 10
* * July 14. i
! Rtdondo . Aftoria & Portland & pmjPier 2
i U^at'iUa. .. Pug«t Sound Ports 11 am. Pier 9
Jnly 15. i 1
Acmpulco... K. T. via Ancon.. U2 m Pier 43
July 16. ! •
«5t Paul Astoria & Pcrtland!ll am Pier 21
July 17. | I
F. Kilburn. j Portland & \Vay...| 5 pmiPier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. i " Deet.'natldh. ! Sall«.
City Topfka..l Skagway A Way Ports, j July 7
£ko . ! Nome & St. M ; ehael. .[July H
Saata Clara . . I Valdez & Seward IJuly 8
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. jJuly 10
j^j)t>, I Valdez & Seward !Juty lo
Taxa'nico (Nome & St. Michael. jJuly 10
Portland ' Cooks Inlet i- Way Pts. (July 10
D6l|*hln ! Skagway & Way Ports.rjuly 11
ritv Seattle. . I Eksgway & Way PorU.'July 11
rottageCtty. Skagway & Way I'orU.iJuly IS
.^anta Ana... Peward &. Way Portn.JJuly 10
srf.«5 rf .« : on Nome *. Su Michael.! July 18
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly 18
Senator Nome A- St. Michael. .'Juiy ra
Time H:i!I.
Branch liydrographlc OfCce, U. S. N.. Mcr
cfcanU' Exchange. San Francipce. Ca!..
juir t>. J«*J5- "
The Tlaje . Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N. f In charge.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States. Caast and Geodetic Suney—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Publlshc-d by official authority of the
Sup«-rlnt*ndent
\u25a0 NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes \u25a0 later than at Fort Point; the height
of- tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JULY 7.
Sus rises 4:51
Bun sets 7:33
Moon sets 10:69 p. m.
O iTlme] iTlmel . iTlme Time
»j. f Ft. 1 f Ft. j 1 Ft. , — Ft.
? JH W| |L W| |H Wj L ff
7 1 *:04| -8.01 8:42! 0.2! 3:£2| 8.21 9:28 l 2.4
8 t 3:131 4.5 l 9:33| O.SI i:U\ C.4i10:40i 2.0
• NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the succesglve tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth . time column gives the la« tide of the
Cay. except when there are but three tides, as i
sometimes occurs. The heights given - are .In !
, addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sljm precedes the height, and then the number
eiren Is subtracted from the depth given by
- . ' --\u0084. .- '\u25a0• \u25a0
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 7, 1905.
SCHOONER MATTHEW TURNER"
WHICH PICKED UP WRECKED
CREWS OF TWO VESSELS.
the charts. 'The plane or reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SHIPPIXG I>TELLIGE.\CE.
ARRIVED. .
Thursday. July 6.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Boy.
Stmr Norwood, Martin, 69 hours from Grays
Harbor, bound south. Put in to land passen
gers. ,
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen. 61 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south. Put^la to land
passengers.
Stmr Porno, Relnertson. 12 hours from Al
bion, via Pcint Arena 10 honrs.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monte
rey, etc.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alyexander, 40 hours from
San Di*~o. etc.
Stmr Atlas, Badger, from sea, after empty
ing bollaot tanks.
Strar Coos Bay. Nicolson. 4S hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr M. F. Plant, Nelson, 41 hours from
Coos Bay, via Port Orford 33 hours.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompeon, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Schr C T Hill, Mellberg. 3« days from Co-
QUillc River.
Schr Susie M. Plummer, Hansen. 10 days
from Port Gamble.
Schr Aloha, " Dab? l, 2S days from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July^O.
Ger stmr Theben. Riehert, Hamburg 1 ' and
way ports^. via Seattle and Vancouver; J. D.
£r>reckc!s &^fircs. Co. - - -
Ship George Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu:
Welch a Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, July 6.
Stmr Coquille River. Olsen, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Hammer, Fort Bragg.
Stmr City of Peking. Robinson, Ancon.
Stmr St. Paul. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Atlas, Badsrer, .
Star State of ' California. Thomas, San
Diego.
Stmr Norwood. Martin. San Pedro.
Stmr laqua. Johnson, Seattle.
Stsir San Pedro. Raemussen. San Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Wlnkel. Point Arena.
Stmr W. H. Kroger, Martin, Portland.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, Mendocino.
Stmr South Coast, Oleen. Caspar.
Stmr Grcenwocd. Walvig. Needle Rock
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Noyo. Johnaon, Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodera.
Schr Metha Nelw>n, Jacobsen, Mahukona
Bark Geo. Curtis. Calhoun. Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 0, 10 p. m. — Weather
fooc, wind southwest; velocity 6 miles per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HADLOCK— Arrived July 6— Ship A. J. Ful
ler, hence June 20. .
HADLOCK— Arrived July 6— Br stmr Beck
enham. from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 6 — Stmr City of '
Seattle, from Skagway. !
Sailed July C— Stmr Spokane, for Sitka.
' Arrived July 6— Stmr Santa Clara, from
Alaska. —•
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July s— Stmr Fran
ci« H. Leggott, from Redondo: stmr Aberdeen
hence July 3.
Sailed July «— Stmr Pasadena, for Ean Fran
cisco: >tmr Rival, for San Fr&nclsco.
EUREKA— Arrived July e— Stmr Pomona
hence July 5.
Arrived July C— Stmr Arctic, hence July 3.
Sailed July C— Stmr Prentl«s, for San Fran
cisco: stmr F. A. Kilburn. for Coos Bay.
BALLARD^ — Arrived July o—Schr0 — Schr Eldorado
from Shanghai.
PORT TOWNSEND— Pawed in July 6— Schr
James Rolph. from San P*dro, for Everett
SEil-d July o— Bark Coloma, from Everett
for San Dl^-o. ' \u25a0..,...'
Arrived July ft— Ship A. J. Fuller, henc*
Jure 20.
TATOOSH— Paj«*<I out July 6— Chil rlijn
Cristobal Solar, from Port Blakeley. for Val
paraiso.
Passed cut July C— Nor stisr Tricolor, for
Fun Frunclwo.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived July C— Stmr
Brunswick, hence July S.
Salifd July 6— Stmr James S. Higglns, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO-Arrlved July 15-Bktn John
C. Merer, from Grays Harbor.
Arrivad July 6— Scbr H. D. Bendixsen. from
Tacoxrn.
Arrived July 6— Stmr Grace Dollar, from
Grays Harbor. Sails July 7 for Pert Los An
g?lcs.
Arrived July 6— Stmr Coronado, from Port
Los Arc«les.
EVERETT— Arrived July ft-Schr James
Rnlph. from San Pedro. -
Sailed July 6— Schr Americana, for San Pe
dro. . | . •
SANTA BARBARA— ArrvIwI July 6— Stmr
eanwa, firm Port Lea Armeies.
Salley July o— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
ci«;o.
-ASTORIA Sailed July ft-stmr Cascade
for Pbti Francieco. '
Arrived July «— Bktn Echo, from South
I tov.tn Bend. " •> .. \u25a0.
i Sailed July 6— Etmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
» Arrived July C— Etmr Alliance, from Eureka,
VIA CjOOB Lfl V, "- "\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
HARDY CREEK— Arrived July 6-Stmr N»
varro. hence July 5: > •
UNION LANDlNG— Arrired , July 6— Stmr 1
Chleo. hence July 5. ' »Juiy o— btmr
SAN DIEGO-^Sailed July 8-Stmr Helen P.
Drew, for San Francisco.'
ISLAND PORTS. .
fo HO.VOLULU— Sailed July 5-Stmr Ventura,
Arrived July 6— Ship Marlon Chileott from
Monterey. . ,-. • :.• ' .
HILO— Arrived July 5--Schr W. H. Marston
hence Jane 14. . V
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared July 6— Br shin
Vincent, for Honzkong. \u25a0 »«ip
NEW TORK— Sailed July B—Stmr8 — Stmr Segu
ranca. for Colon. '\u25a0 •
FOREIGN . PORTS.
HULL— Sailed June 25— .8r ship Andora, for
San Francisco, .via Newcastle, England
ANTOFAGASTA— In port \u25a0 May - 18— Br ship
Hougomont, for San Francisco, • ria Iquique
GUAYAQUIL— SaiIed June 19— Ger ,- : stair
Ammcn. forSnn Francisco. ' - '
MURORAN — Sailed June 17 — Br stmr" Fern
dene, for . ' \u25a0 : \u25a0 -
NEWCASTLE, Australia— Sailed June 15-^
Fr bark Boesuet,* for San ! Francisco.' -' ~ " •
ANCCTN — Arrived June 25— Stmr Para, hence
June 6. * '\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ." -- \u25a0 • ;\u25a0\u25a0: "v' ~z \u25a0\u25a0\u0084.-.-\u25a0\u25a0 ,- -
• CORNEL — Arrived June^ 17— Ger stmr Aby
dos, from Hamburg, for Ban Francisco.
VALPARAISO — Arrived June ? 17— Br " stmr
Winkfleld. from Ty ne. T£Slßßft&&OP*!ofei<s .
YOKAHAMA— Arrived prior to' July s— Stmr
Weather Report.
U2oth Mer.'dlan— Pacific Time.) ,-.
-SAN FRANCSCO. July ft— s p .m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati ..BS-6S Philadelphia 7S-68
Boston ....80-64 New York ... 82-68
Jacksonville 90-7U Washington 80-70
ft. Ix>u!6 .84-65 Pittsburg BS-7O
Chicago 84-64 Honolulu, H. T.. 60-70
New Orleans ....86-74
SAN FRANCISCO ...84-60.
COAST RECORD.
3 . 8g33 ; =2 3" =
STATIONS. % S§B§ ?•§ 5° ST
- ' a • ; '. •
Baker ...30.02 82 60 NW Clear .00
Carson 25.93 90 .. W Clear .00
Eureka 30.04 G2 50 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.75 110 74 NW Clear .00
S E Farallon ... Bl ..... .00
Flagstaff ....29. 5Q 90 44 W Clear .00
Independence (j*J W •'
Las Angeles .29.82 84 50 W Clear .00
lit Tamalpais.2U.o7 94 80 NW Clear .00
North Head .80.28 64 C 2 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.60 116 76 SW Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt 65 .....
Pocatello 2!>.90 88 60 W Clear .00
Portland .....30.14 78 54 KW Clear .00
Red Bluff ...29.84 108 74 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.02 SS 54 NE Clear .00
Facramento ..29.84 IC2 69 NW Clear .00
Sal; Lake ...29.90 00 60 N Clear .00
San Franclsoo.2o.9o* S4 60 W Clear .00
S L 0b15p0...29.84 80 50 NW Clear .l«
San Diego ..29.80 74 64 NW Clear .CO
Seattle 30.20 (56 C 2 W Clear .ffi
Spokane 30.00 84 P2 W Pt Ody .00
Tatoosh .....30.20 S-S/50 SW Clear' .00
Walla Wa11a.29.96 93 C 4 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca 29.96 94 48 NW Clear .00
Yuma 29.62 116' 76 SW Clear .00
Warm weather continues north of the
Tehachapl. Nevada. Arizona and Utah."
In. the great valley of California afternoon
temperatures range - from 100 to 110 degrees.
The temperature has fallen a few degrees in
the Sacramento Valley. B
Foreca3t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 7, l«03:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
warm in -the forenoon: cooler in the afternoon
and night; light north winds, changing to
brisk westerly.
Sacramento Valley — Fair Friday; not so
warm; light north wind.
Fan Joaquin Valley — Fair Friday; continued
warm; fresh north wind.
Coast— Fair Friday; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Fair Friday; continued warm.
A. G. McADIB. District Forecaster.
Fruit And Weather Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 3 p.- m.,
120 th meridian time. San Francisco, July 6.
Hs -. -Jf» <^ -
Ss-33 ? 3" ;}aftl;S
STATIONS. o= SI = £2. ?•& Z
I s r i r vl I;
<»<»;• • •
Cloverdale 110 51 .. Clear ... .
Colusa ...... 104 t>7 .. Clear ..
Eureka 62 50 .. Clear NW rt
Fresno 110 74 .. Clear NW 12
Hanford 11l 60 .. Clear NE
Independence .... titi ; . . . . • . .
King City : las €2 . . Clear N Lt.
Livermore 109 58 - . . Clear
Los Angeles ...81 M .. Clear W 6
Merced 11l 65 .. Clear
Napa ....104 58 .. Clear SW \u0084.
Newcastle ..107 8O .. Clear W \u25a0 ...
Newman 11l us .. Clear •
Palermo 109 82 .. Clear
Portervllle .....112 69 .. Clear NE ..
Red Bluff ;.10S 74 . . Clear N 4
Riverside 102 £5 .. Clear
Sacramento ....102 66 .. Clear NW',* 6
San Dicso 74 04 . . Clear N W i!
San Francisco.. £4 flO .. Clear W :«
San Luis Oblapo 00 50 .. Clear NW 10
Santa Marls ... !») 52 .. Clear
Santa Rosa ....101 43 .. CleAr ...
Btockton ;.103 6S .. Clear .... ...
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Pears fair crop, but very wormy.
Palermo — Dartleit pears developing rapidly
In site; croDa still uromlfte well. -
Cloverdale — Figs are ripe: ffootl crop.
Napa— Grapes locking fine.
Hanfotd — Grapt? pro«p**;t9 excellent; farm
ers cutting an«i drying peaches.
King City — Warm weather ripening wheat
fast.* • -\u25a0 ' ' . :\u25a0 . \u25a0 . r -
Santa ilarla— Hot spell decreasing; has been
trying on benn cro?. - - • .
• Newcastle — Government experiment going
forward to-night en yellow peaches . and
plums. ' \u25a0 . • \u25a0;\u25a0"'..
Stockton— Melon crop very good: coming- for
ward freely. A. G. McADIE,
Section Director.
China, hence June 17; Jap stmr Kanagawa
ilsru, from Eeattle. - ;
' VALPARAISO— SaiIed June 10— Br stmr
Anclo-Austrialian." for New York. '""\u25a0
VICTORIA— SaiIea July &— Nor stmr Tri
color. \u25a0 for San ' Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed July O—Br ship Hart
fleld, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived July' 3— Br stmr
Oanfa. from- Tacoma. via Yokohama.
KOBE— Arrived July 6— Br stmr Volra.
hence May 24. ... " -
LADYSMITH— SaiIed July c— Nor stmr Tri
color, for San Francisco. - :
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 6— Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool. ; - . :
Memoranda.
- LONDON. July s.— Shanghai telegraphs:
Br stmr Shlmosa, £ from Yokohama; for New
York, was lightly damaged by fire; supposed
ito orlKinate In cotton." . i . . ,-\u25a0 . . ;.
- '.LONDON, July 6— Kobe telegraphs that flr«
broke out In hold of Br etmr Volga, from San
Francisco. May 24. . and whl«h arrived at Yo
kohama prior to \u25a0 June ' 21T The . fire has not
yet been 'extinguished. ; : - > \u25a0 . -----
\u25a0\u25a0•'. Per schr Aloha,:'from Honolulu— On July 3.
4 and 5 had strong northwest gales.' 4 , "c: ,
Dlaetme, Carried by . Stj^ray.
A- French ; military sui-gaon in Algiers
has ' recently: found .that spray - driven
aahore from a> fttbrmy sea can effectively
transmit disease srerms. Carrying on ; his
investigations at { Bab-el-oued. near ZAl
giers, at a point where a number of i sew
«rs discharged Into tho Bea* he found that
the ;\u25a0 spray.? which I , was £ driven' some '150,
feet V ashore /and i high | Into tho air, con
tamed; three ;times i the. , number, of .germs
ord lnarily : present in i the ' air.* : This > spray
forms! a" mist which j permeates the : houses
near the water's edgC'and In It a' number
or i virulent ; bacilli 'were V founds -When ; a
gale ;> is ;.' blowing '} off £ shore I the '< effect;: 13
stilt more pronounced,*] and. the proportion
of.: germs > increases,' and ; the ' investigator
Is^ .'convinced \ that steps should ; be; taken
to protect . shores - from \u25a0' sewage pollution.'
—Harper's Weekly.-
ATTACKS WIFE
WITH WRENCH
Michael Liddy, Whom In
sanity Commission Refused
to Commit, Bent on Murder
TRIES TO KILL SELF
Returns From Country,
Where Relatives Sent Him
to Save Him From Asylum
Michael Liddy, who was allowed to go
free recently by Judge Graham and the
insanity Commissioners after a spirited
contest at the examination as to bis men
tal condition, made a desperate attack
on his wife yesterday morning with a
monkey wrench and had she not been
successful in flight he would undoubtedly
have killed. her. - Failing to take the life
of his wife, he attempted to commit sui
cide by cutting his throat with a penknife,
but in this rash act he was also unsuc
cessful. He Inflicted two wounds on him
self, but they are not at all serious.
When Mrs Llddy preferred the charge
of insanity against her husband a week
ago some of his relatives came forward
and made vigorous defense, among other
things alleging that the charge was made
for the purpose of doing away with him
that a lite insurance policy lor *30uo might
be collected.
11 was finally decided to have the aged
man sent away for treatment. He was
sent to a ranch near Stockton to recuper
ate by his cousin. M. J. O'Donnell of iSel
lota, San Joaquin County.
5 Yesterday morning Liddy returned to
his home in this city bent on murdering
his wife. He set upon her with a monkey
wrench. She battled with him and afttr
being struck several times she made her
escape to a saloon at Nineteenth and Fol
som streets, where she telephoned to the
police. Policeman Wollweber went to the
house and found Llddy locked up in the
bathroom. When he opened the door Lid
dy was lying on the floor with a stream
of blood flowing from the self-inflicted
wounds in his throat.
The maniac made no resistance and he
was removed to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where Dr. Herzog dressed the
wounds. Mrs. Llddy was treated at the
City and County Hospital for a lacerated
jaw. She later returned to her home.
Liddy requested to see a priest and one
called during the day. At times he talks
rationally and at other times his mind
wanders.
DYNAMITE IS NOT
DANGEROUS TO HANDLE
A Child Would' Find Diffi
culty in Making* It
Explode.
"The recent railway accident at Har
risburg has brought out a vast amount
of irresponsible talk about handling
dynamite," said E. H. Clifford, a New
York contractor, who has purchased
tons of that explosive for blasting pur
poses. "The majority of person^ who
talk about dynamite have only a vague
idea, of what it is. Dynamite is not the
dangerous substance it is- popularly
supposed to be. It may be handled
with absolute recklessness by an ex
perienced man and will not detonate
except under well-defined circum
stances. A detonation is about 1000
times quicker than an explosion. Dyna
mite detonates. It does not explode.
"Dynamite in its marketable form, in
order, to tit into drillholes, is shipped
in sticks varying from half an inch to
two inches in diameter and from three
-inches to one foot in length. In the
the early days of its manufacture, be
fore its properties were fully under
stood, there were some unaccountable
explosions that gave dynamite a bad
name it has never recovered from. Time
has made us wiser. /There Is no dan
ger at all in children finding odds and
end 3 of dynamite thrown away by care
less workmen. A child would find a
great deal of difficulty in exploding It.
Every. now and then we read of some
body receiving a supposed infernal ma
chine containing dynamite, which is
promptly immersed in water before it
is opened; If it was really dynamite it
would explode just as readily, under
proper conditions, if it were in twenty
feet of water.
"Dynamite is nitroglycerin held in
an absorbent— wood pulp, coal dust or
other material — that will hold the ex
plosive tightly. It is a powder of a
resinous nature, varying in color with
the nbsorbent»used. The strength Is
calculated by the amount, varying all
the way from 20 to SO per cent. That
generally used for blasting purposes in
and around New York is 45 per cent.
With the absorbent •* and other in
gredients combined so as to obtain
positive results in absorption and to
guard against the danger of any free
acid left in the nitroglycerin. The lat
ter is the only detonating n-operty.
The absorbent neither helps nor re
tards it.
"For. commercial, purposes stick
dynamite is packed in twenty-five
pound or fifty- pound cases, with a
liberal allowance of sawdust. It can
be freighted or stored without danger,
provided common intelligence and care
be used. It is only when Ignorant per
sons attempt to experiment with.it that
It becomes a powerful destroying
agency. In som« States its transporta
tion by rail Is governed by strict law.
It should be. so In every State. In New
York and other cities its transportation
through the streets Is regulated by the
Fire Commissioners. The police have
nothing to do wljh it." — New York
Times." ' \u25a0 .
Corner on .Sivorilflsb.
.The Block Islandersjare justly proud
of their, swordfish, for they almost have
a r corner 'on that variety of ; the flnny
tribe, the flesh of which,. It .is. claimed,
surpasses anything caught In the deep.
The demand for the swordflsh Is Invari
ably greater than the supply, ' for.r al
though a number of boats from the isl
and make daily trips, they have practi
cally'no* competition. ; as the fish even
in the. best fields are not numerous.' and
1 1 is ; tfard " and dangerous work, requir
ing a'special outfit and men -of long: ex
perience, and 'much courage ._ to 4 patch
then>.;for"the , fish, which weigh from
300 to.!: 500 pounds : each." are ;skill£ul
fencers .- with .that sharp projection of
bone ; which has ? given them the. name
of swordflshi — Four-Track. News. ,
A paoserons/ Luxury.
Oneof ? the table delicacies of Paris,
canard; a laVßouennaise. . has numbered
so many K ylctlms of ptomaine poisoning
that; "the; Parisian 'authorities *v;have
placed ;restrictlons upon the : fowl ; deal
ers of Halle,, who supply the Paris mar
kets. I fault , ; Is said -to '<\u25a0 lie In the
cooking, Ayhile some assert "that the
fowl. 1 ; fattened I specially > for % this
must 'be^ killed..^ cooked, served 77 and
eaten ;wlthln one hour. * The danger, line
being J so *\u25a0 clearly; drawn^the; safer J plan
'would seem to be to do withjout the dan-,
gerous -luxury. — New York Tribune.
AWARDED ISLAND
WIRE FRANCHISE
Telephone-Telegraph System
to Be Built in Philip
pines by Local Promoters
WLLL BEGIN IN MANILA
Privileges Granted Include
Running Lines Through
out Great Archipelago
A dispatch has been -received from Ma
nila stating that the Philippine Commis
sion has passed an act granting to John
I. Sabin and. Louis Glass of this. city a
franchise to construct telephone and tele
graph" systems throughout the Islands.
John I. Sabln Is the president and Louis
Glass is the vice president and general
manager of the Pacific States Telephone
and Telegraph Company.
Their comprehensive plan includes the
locating of exchanges in the principal
cities of the Islands with long distance
telephone connection and also a tele
graphic connection. Besides these im
provements cables will be laid among the
various islands.
Manila will In all probability be the
headquarters of the new- company. Al
ready an agent of the company la on the
ground attending to the preliminary
work. •At present there is an antiquated
Spanish system in the islands supplying
service to only frve hundred patrons. It
is high priced and very slow and un
popular. .
The promoters of the new system In
tend to invest half a million dollars in the
project. As the systems expand the
amount will b« increased, so that in
time as the business demands a cor
poration will be formed to keep abrea3t
of the development. It will start, how
ever, with money invested by Sabin and
Glass, although possibly a third party
may al!K> be added. In working the tele
phone and telegraph in conjunction, but
one wire will be used, as over a long
distance wire both a telephone conversa
tion and a telegraph message can be con
veyed at the same time without inter
ruption of either.
CAPTAIN SMITH'S
MAINE POCAHONTAS
She Saved Him From the
Indians at Gardiner
The history of Captain John Smith
and his love affair with Pocahontas is
generally known to most everybody
who has made any study at all of the
history of this country, but very few
know of Smith's other Pocahontas in
Maine.
It was in 1614 that Captain John
Smith made a trip to what is now Gar
diner, and it was there thi3 other Po
cahontas incident occurred. The Ca
bassas tribe of Indians were presided
over by a chief having headquarters at
what is now Gardiner, then known as
Cabassas, and who had a daughter
named Seboois, famed among her tribe
for her beauty and erace.
She was, unfortunately, smitten at
once with the gallant captain, who
was, by the way, the first white man
to visit these parts and who was re
ceived with great cordiality.
Smith had with him a lieutenant
named Hunt, who was of a quarrel
some nature and disposition and prone
to mutiny. When the time came for the
party of whites to depart Hunt's mu
tinous spirit showed itself, and with a
small party of followers he left Smith,
going in an opposite direction. His
party took with them as captives sev
eral of the tribe of the Cabassas.
The chief, considering the whites
one party, by a great mistake followed
Captain Smith's loyal band, which
camped for the night about four miles
from the present location of Gardiner.
Seboois, wishing to warn the captain,
hurried on before the party of enraged
Indians, but arrived too late, for as
she arrived at the camp the first volley
of arrows had been delivered.
Thinking to save Smith, she flew to
him and threw her arms about his
neck and In that position received an
arrow in her breast which caused in
stant death.
The chief was sorely stricken at the
accident and ordered hostilities to
cease.
This allowed Smith an opportunity to
explain that it was the other party
that did the kidnaping. After the sor
rowful return and the burial of Seboois
near what Is now the Randolph church
the red men went in search of Hunt,
and he was overtaken near Norridge
wock * and his entire band exter
minated.
Captain Smith had the martyred Se
boois to thank for hi 3 life, for the ar
row that reaci^e d her heart was meant
for him. This is the story as found in
some very old papers near Gardiner.—
Boston Globe.
FLOW OK OALIFOHMA UIVERS.
The following table gtt'es a comparative
ftktement.for two years of tne estimated flaw
v( certain California river* In cubic feet per
fceco.V.. or second feet. Tha figures for tha
la*' year may be revised by later measure
incnts. The flgures are by W. B. Clapp.
hyorograptier. United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER. NEAR RED BLUFF.
t Second Feet.
DATE.
„. 1301. 1003.
June IS U.7CO 7.0C0
June W •---• "- 370 7 - co °
June 20 -••-. ".370 «.BS3
June 21 H. 370 6.555
June 22 • 10.543 6.730
Jane 2:1 10.0.10 | 6.730
June 24 •• • • 0.740 I C73»>
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA ORANGE.
I Second Feet.
DATS.
-, 1904. 1903.
June IS --\u25a0• ...... ».SSO 7.110
June 1» &.COO 6.510
June 2U ;..... 8.555 «,stO ,
June 21 S.f«O 7.110 i
June 22 .:..... 8.0)»O 5.620
June 23 ;.......... s.MO 3.720
June 24 ..........;.......- 8,330 ,5,730
Including Turlock and "Modesto canals.
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLS.
Second Fset.
DATE. —
:?;-'->'.- 19W - .1903.
June IS ... \u25a0....."*.. . .... -47 132
Jisne m :...;mrrnr:Tr... 47 124
June 20 :"....;.V. 47 115
June 21 ................ 47 IC6
June 22 47 ' 88.
Jane 23 ................;.. 42- . . M-
June 24,...'...: 42 .88
KINGS RIVER. NEAR 1 JsANGER.
Second Feet.
v DATE. — \u25a0
> •*\u0084 1S»O4: 1903.
June 1 s .:...:.......::.. . . c.740 7.780"
June 1» .. ........ ;.;.;.V... 6.080 7.160 ;
June 20 .;..... ........ 6.C.30 7.160
June- 21 ..... ...:...... 3.140 7.310
June 22 4.510 7.160
June'23'-....v...:..:r. ...:. 4.520 - e.ss*»
June 24 ;.y..:V.;.V.-:..V. v . 4.450 ' «.600
\u25a0 J *jno pa uos Suiaq »ao;aq pajD^ur
-sjp ' »q :• ajnmj .ai jsnaT sijbj : jo s^up
•un^i orrqrtfl air) ot mas sapj;jß ijb aojaoi
-uioo; jo J9)sjujk am ;jo Japjo xlm~'s&
KILLS WOMAN
THEN HIMSELF
Love-Sick Waiter Murders
Mrs. Augusta Ittner and
Afterward Commits Suicide
JEALOUS OF HUSBAND
Little Alma, Five-Year-Old,
Daughter of Victim, Hears
Her Say "Kill Me, Kill Me"
Alban Leldholdt. who had been a
steamship waiter, shot and Instantly
killed Mrs. Augusta Ittner la her house
at 153 Boutwell street about S o'clock last
nignt while her husband was at work.
Leldholdt then turned the pistol upon
himself and sent a bullet crashing Into
his own brain.
A moment before the shooting five-year
old Alma> Ittner heard, her mother say to
Leidholdt "Shoot me! Oh! kill me. fclll
me.". The shooting took plac© la a little
front room of the house whila th* little
child sat in the kitchen with an agad
roomer named Charles Holtenor.
At the sound of the reports, three la
quick succession, then a fourth after*
brief interval. Holteaor seized the little
girl in his arms, exclaiming, "Tour mam
ma is shot!" and ran to a neighbor's
house for aid. Jack Silvester mounted- a
horse and sped to the "Six-Mile House."
where he found Mounted Policeman- F.
W. French. The ofScer brok9 la the rear
door of the house and found Albert Ittner,
a seven-year-old son of the dead woman,
playing in the kitchen, a few feet from
where his mother and her murderer lay
cold in death. The officer found the bod
ies lying across the bed. „', £
Leldholdt. who had been Introduced; to
Mrs. Ittner by her husband, called often
while the husband was at work. Last
night at 5 o'clock Ittner went to. Jha
Western Sugar Refinery, where ha worked
a!l night. When Holtenor came home
from his work he found the woman, her
little daughter and Leidholdt la the
kitchen. Mrs. Ittner told Holtenor she
would, fix his bed. Leidholdt followed her.
The first shot Leidholdt flred was burted
In the plaster of the walL The next two
killed the woman, the fourth himself. v
The husband was summoned from work.
Ha expressed little surprise or sorrow at
the tragedy, and did not even view his
wife's dead body. To Detective Graham
and Deputy Coroner Browa be said ha
had half expected trouble, but had never
dreamed that it would be so serious. Itt
ner said Leldholdt threatened to kill his
wife two years ago. whea ha lived on
Green street. Ittner at that tlaia took 3
large pistol from Leldholdt and saw him
no more until two weeks ago, when ha
visited at the Boutwell-street home. Tho
waiter was Jealous of Ittner.
Leidholdt. also known as Albert Rice,
was a waiter and bartender. He had been
out of work lately and often ate at Itt
ner's house. He formerly worked as a
waiter on the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company's Panama steamers and at Fish
er's saloon on California street, near
Kearny.
Leldholdt was S3 years of age and Mrs.
Ittner was 27.
SAYS HUSBAND DESERTED HER.— Mary
F. Schadey. 13 years old. called at the City
Prison last night and asked for lodgings. Tha
gtrl. who haa the appearances of. refinement,
said she was deserted by her husband, whos*
name she save as Joe Jones. They lived in
San Jose, some time, ahe explained, and she
came to San Francisco to seek employment.
Her father is a wealthy siUc raiser in Alexan
dria. Egypt. She 13 shortly to becoma a
mother.
ACCUSES BARTENDER OF ROBBING
HliL-sPetn- Blnsnaa of Lathrop had Frank
Allan], a bartender at 311 Kearny street, ar
rested last night, accusing: him and two other
men of -having robbed him tn the saloon of $35.
! OCrIAN" TRAVEL. ' .
S' Steamers leave Pier* 9 aa*
11. San Frandscoi
For Ketcntkaa. 'Wrangel.
Juneau. Treadwell. Halnes.
Skagway, etc . Alaska — \\
a. m.. July 5. 9. 14. 19. 24.
29. Ang. 3. Change to thU
company's steamers at. Seat-
tle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Tpwnj«en<J. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes. Socth Belllnghara, Balllngham — 11 a.
m.. July 3, 9. 14, 10, 24. 23. Aug. 3. Cnanse at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. • Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to> N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. I:3©
p. m.. July 5. 10. 16, 22. 23, Aug. 3. Corona
1:30 p. in., July 1. 7. 13» 19. 23. 31. Attr. fIL
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles) and
Redondo). Ean Dleso and Santa Barbara—
Santa Ro*a. Sundays. 9 a. n.
Stat? ot California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro *n4 East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. M>n-
terey. Saa Simeon. Cayucos. Port H&rford (Saa -
I Luis Obispol. Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 1. 9. 17. 25. Auz 2.
Bonita. d a. m.. July 3. 13. 21. 20. Au? &
Fc: Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d*l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosa-
ll.>. Cuaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacb
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190.V-T!**
palatial steamship SPOKANE will leave Ta-
coma. Seattle and Victoria Jane 22. July 9, 20.
Aus^ist 3. 17.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chasga steamers or aaillnsr
dates. - " . .—
TICKET OFFICES — * New Montgomery, it.
(Palac> Hotel). 10 Market it. and Broadway
wharves- Freisit Office. 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Paa»»ncer Agent.
10 Market it.. San Fraixriseo.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jury 8, 11 A.M.
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jnly TO. S P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for. Tahiti. Ang. 6. 11 A. M.
J.B.SPEECmS k 8203. CO.,Utl,Tictfi{ CSssSO ftr-
tsL Rtiat ess 337 laiftt sir Pig 7. PasiSs si
Compasnle Generate Tran»atlnntl<jue.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Part*.
tailinjr every Thursday instead or^Al£ii*
Saturday. lt> a. m.. trom Pier 42. m^^^ mm *
North Rl»er. foot ot Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. S*o
end class to Havre. $15 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 35 Broadway (Hudson buildup).
New York. J. F. FDQAZI & CO.. Pacific O»<(
A sent % ft Montgomery avenue. San Francuco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent j.
. BAY A.\D IXTERI'RBAX ROUTES.
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE
MONTICELLO STEAMSHIP COMPANY—
VALLEJO AND NAPA VALLEY INTER-
URBAN ELECTRIC R. R. CO. Close cenn-c-
tiona at Vallejo with 6 round trips dally. for
Vallejo, Mare Island N«vy Yard. Napa. Nap*.
Asylum and all way point* Boats leav* San.
Francisco 7:0O a. m.. *9:43 a. m.. 12:30 noon.
3:15 p. m., .*:0O p.m.. S:3O p. m.
Cars> I** v© Napa «:13 a. m.. 6:35 a. rj.
local 8:3Oa. m.. il:3O m. n».. 2:30 p. m.. 4:3<>
p. m.. 7:30 p. m.. »:3O p. m. local Sau
Francisco landing and office. Pier 2. foot of
Mission st- Meals a !a carte. Phon« Main
13OS. H-VTCH BROS.. General Agents.
- *Lands Navy Yarcl direct. \u25a0 . :
Fcr Vallejo and - Mare uland Navy Yard—
I Steamer H. J. Corcoran leaves wharf, north
end of. Ferry Building, *S:3O a.' m.. 2:30 p. m.;
Sundays. 9:13 a. m., 8 p. m. Piper-Aden-
Goodal! Ca, Ag«nts. Claj st.: wharf. \u25a0• Phon»
Main till. Baraeson-Hlbberd Co., managers.
43t> Montgomery st. : phone Bush 743. Effec ti v-
on and after July 5. 19U3. 'Lands navy yard
direct. . • . ...
aJ)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KCAK^iY ST. Kstablbbml
In isz-i for the treatment «( l>iivmtn
Dt.vauieo. I^mi MxniKKx). Debility or
(Ji>^as- wearinaru» tvodyaad miiwi and •
skin l>i'-ii«es. Tb« doctor cares w|ita
nthera fail. Try him. Charge* low.
4'tir*« - Call ot writa.
Dr. JT. E'- *» I BEori, Sau Frarclsco. CaL
1112
OPF^RTUNITY KNOCKING AT YOUR DOOR
JQH.V D. SPRCCKEXS Proprietor j
Address Communications to \
JOHN MeX AUGHT .Manager
VV. J. MAKTIX Kusincss_Manascr
TELEPHONE. -
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator w '!!.C° n
nect You With ihe Dc;artment
PuM.caticn Orflce. ...Market «^^JSsaß Jt! j
Editorial Hooms 217 to 221 Stevenson su
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct» Per J^'^j 1 ' ** j
Cts. Ter Month. Single Copies -«--s. j
Terms by Mail. Including Postage «- a6h « UD
Order) : » c rift |
DAILY CALL flnclud. Suni3sy>. 1 r<-*r. »»-VV .
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). 0 mos... *•""
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •
SVNDAY CALL. 1 Year 100 !
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year U ' ' 'v-Vr ritra
FOREIGN /^-^ ?2 Y^ar l«ra j
POSTAGE. lf™s& - J.oo Per Te»r Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZhD
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. , .
Mail subscribers in ordering change °**%Z
. «r*** should be particular to give bo f h c £f' v :
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to £-*_* •
prompt and correct compliance wltn w-ir re-
ClitlL _
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main IOSJ
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1433 Park Street. Near Santa Clara Avenue.
Phone Alameda 659.
" BERKELEY OFFICE:
2J<? Center Street Telephone Norm n
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: .
JAMES 6. TYLER Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Cnlott Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hofiman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6b*rman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
<.Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
- NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildln*
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until j
12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
| JOGS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
300 Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. m.
SOO Hayes 6treet; open until 9:30 P- m.
CZ» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
• Cl 5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IUII Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street ; cpen until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until U i>. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
* 2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
' TO SUBS -IBERS WSAVIAG TOW.X
FOR Tim SUMMER.
CALL, subscribers contemplating a
chance of residence drrins the summer
months can have their paper forvrarded
by mall to their new address by notify-
Insr THE: CALL Business Office. This
paper it ill nlfco be on sale at all sammer
resorts and In represented by a local
\u25a0grot in all timns on the coast.
3IEETING NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A special meeting of the stockholders
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
will be heid at the otri.x- of the company, in
room l^lU, in the Merchants' Exchange
building, in the city and county of San
Francisco, in the State of California, the
eanie being the principal place ot business
of said corporation, and being the building
where the board of 'directors of said corpora-
tion usually meet, en the 2bth day of August.
1905, at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
sider and act upon the propositions:
First, to increase the capital stock of eald
corporation to one hundred and sixty million
dollars <$1CO,000,000). and for that purpose
to amend article VI of the articles of in-
corporation and consolidation of the company
to read as folows:
"The amount of the capital stock of said
corporation shall be one hundred and sixty
tclllion dollars ($100,000,000). divided into
one million six hundred thousand (1,600,000)
shares of the par value of one hundred dol-
lars ($100) each, which said amount of capi-
tal stock does n«>t exceed the amount actually
required for the purposes of the said corpora-
tion, and is the amount "actually required
and aso-rt.iir.ed to be necessary lor construct-
ing, oon, t.ng. eQuipping. operating and
i&aintair...... its road, and is co estimated by
competent t-r.tineere. as will appear by the
written estimate of such engineers, duly
signed by them, and filed in tne office and
principal place of business aforesaid of said
corporation."
And to amend paragraph third of article
XII of the said articles to read as follows:
"The cumber of directors of said con-
solidated corporation shall be eleven (11)
and the amotir.t of the capital stock of eald
corporation shall be one hundred and sixty
trillion dollars ($160,000,000). which said
amount of capital stock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
poration, and is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained to be necessary for
constructing, completing, equipping, operat-
ing and maintaining its roan, and is so esti-
mated by competent engineers, as will ap-
pear by the aforesaid written estimate of
said engineers, duly 6lgned by them and on
file as aforesaid. Said capital stock of said
corporation shall be divided into one mil-
lion six hundred thousand (l.COO.OOO) shares
of the par value of one hundred dollars
($100) each, of which eald shares of said
capital stock the following have been sub-
scribed by and allotted to the stockholders
of said constituent corporations, as herein-
after set forth, to wit:"
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, incorporated, organized and existing
under the laws of the State of California,
and to its shareholders, one million and
fourteen thousand two hundred and forty-
one and elxty one-hundredth* (1,014 241 60-100)
shares." '
"To the Southern Paclflo Railroad Com-
pany, incorporated, organized and existing
under the laws of the Territory of Arizona,
and to its stockholders, one hundred and
ninety-nine thousand nice hundred and fifty
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of New Mexico, incorporated organized
and existing under the laws of the Territory
cf New Mexico, and to Its etockholdenT
eixty-elght thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight (68.SSS) chares." * na
"The several stockholders of each of said
constituent corporations ehall have lssuedto
them by the said consolidated corporation
paid up chares of the capital stock of th.
consolidated corporation out of the shares
thereof subscribed by and allotted to th«
stockholder, of their respective constituent
corporations to the like amount, dollar- roi
dollar, at their par value with the par value
of the shares held by such stockholder* In
their respective constituent corporations "
- Tbe^ c t fte /' end eeeordly, to create a bond-
ed indebtedness of said corporation to th»
amount in the aggregate of one hundred .n^
elxty million dollars <$160.000.0o(» T lS coM
coin of the United States (a portion of which
Is to be used in retiring existing bonded £
debtefiness). and to Increase the bonded Yr,
debtedness of eald corporation up to thi
amount in the aggregate of one hundred *%*
sixty million dollars ($160,000,000) in
coin of the United States, and to secure th.
raid proposed bonded indebtedness- by a
mortgage upon the rallitsads, franchises and
property of the company now owned or *h4VJ.
after acquired, and the income thereof or
such part thereof as may be prescribed in
the mortgage; and to determine the form and
• terms of said bonds and mortgage and tn
authorise the Board of Directors to' take »n
such action as they tray deem necessary «»
expedient In the premises. VLrr or
Dated the SSth day of June. 1905
By order of the Board of Directors.*
J. L. WILLCUTT
Secretary ot the Southern Pacific Railroad
Ccmparty.
N. T. SMITH.
k. E. CALVIN.--^
"WILLIAM HOOD
X. W. HELLMAX* j r
JAMES K. WILSON.
HCTER F. DUNNE
Directors of eald Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
ANNUAL. MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS—
Notice is hereby given that the annual mat-
ing of the stockholders of the SACRAMENTO
SOUTHERN RAILROAD COMPANY will b«
held en Monday. July 10. IDOS, at 12
o'clock noon, at the office of said company,
room 1216. Merchants' Exchange building,
Ean Francisco, California, for the purpose
cf . electing a board of five directors for
* the ensuing year and to transact such other
business as may lerally come before said
CueetltL*. Jove 2?. 10C5.
i L. WILLCTJTT. 6*er»«»«-»- "
MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. m
M.— Funeral notice.— Officers and vv
members are requested to be present /^f\
at Masonic Tompltf on FRIDAY, the
7th inst.. at if.W a. m., for the purpose of
attending the funeral ceremonies of our late
brother. HENRY WISE; thence to Hills of
Eternity CVinetery by 11:30 train. By order
, of the W. M.
\u25a0 FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 130. F. and A. M. 4.
Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY* Tf>
EVENING, S o'clock. /~»
GKORGi; PENLINGTON. Sec.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57. I. O. g^ jm
O. F.— Members will assemble In hall»XX^»
at 1 o'clock 'o. m. TO-DAY to attend VV
the funeral of our late patriarch, S X
THOMAS HOWELL^ macbethcp
A. HOVEY. Scribe. ' \u0084
APOLLO L<xlse No. 123, I. O. O. <^^^t,
V.— lnstallation THIS (FRlDAY)^»^gife
NIGHT. July 7, in Memorial ~^j?is££i3
Hall O<!d Fellows' building, 3 ««>4«W»-
o'clock sharp. Henry Newberg. D. D. G. M.
A full attendance Is requested and visiting
brethren cordially Invited.
C. M. IRWIX. N. O.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F. j^BJg&j.
— Officers nnii members are re-
ppectfully requested to assemble
at Uwir hall, corner Sixteenth ««3»O«^
and Valencia sts.. THIS FRIDAY at 1
o'clock p. m. sharp, for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our late, brother,
THOMAS HOWELL. P. O.
H. J. E. VAUPEL. Noble Grand.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L K. of P., \u25a0<*?
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING ***©>//
at 8 o'clock. Pioneer building. 24 T^SS'
Fourth st. Page rank. Visitors J^>^
cordially invited. ~i
JOHN M. LORTON. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and B.
5^N FRANCISCO Tent No. /s ? '/'*^s/|i k
IS, X, O. T. M.— Review mW'^r^H
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- fcjffl «* BJRi
ING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer ira/MMSsJ
Hall. 24 Fourth St. VT^iAiJ&S/
D. B. RICHARDS, >Srt*i3f^'
Record Keeper.
REGirLAR meeting of the Caledo- v C 7 v.
nian Club THIS EVENING at 8 qV, &$£
o'clock. Medal . presentations,
Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin st.
D. D. McRAE, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
SLAVONIC I. M. B. Society—
8.-ml-annual meetir.g THIS / «^3^^- \
DAY (FRIDAY), July 7. at
Alcaiar building. 120 OFar-f. fTZ^~$K2&*3
rcll street. Business of 1m- «P* B «StaS* r^*Mf
portance: new amendments NNt^ t i r.^A 1 '
to be adopted. Fine of 25 \u25a0-
cents will be strictly enforced for non-at-
tendance. By order of
GEO. M. SANTICH, President.
J. B. BILAFER. Secretary.
DRUIDS' picnic given by Volta Grove No. SS.
U. A. O. D.. Scbuetzen Park, San Jos»,
SUNDAY, July 9. 1905. Tickets, round trip.
$1; children, sOc. Train leaves ThlrJ and
Townsend sta. at 0:15 a; m.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
R. W. KING, Attomey-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room Cll; established 20
years: all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fees In. advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled: no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call an-J save money. 819 Market, r. 33.
W. MATTHEWS, attorney and counselor at
law, C 32 Market St.. room 23; 21 years' ex-
perience; all courts; general court and office
practice: consultation free. Tel. Black 2332.
AA— DIVORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; nil law business; no charge unless suc-
cessful: open evenings. 927 Market, room 301.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fee in advance; open evenings.
AJJTOMOBILES.
FOR sale — 1904 White steamer: in first-class
condition: Just thoroughly overhauled; $1100
cash. Box CS2O. Call.
FOR sale — 2 cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER S. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye.
ASTHMA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
10c. 25c. 60c. 1602 Market St., St. Nicholas.
For sale by all druggists.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— CAMERON & CO. — '• Phone 1050
3 Eddy St., .cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A— s2oo will buy old established hairdressing
and manicuring business in growing town
one hour's ride from S. F. ; no opposition;
only one in town; big bargain; owner obliged
to leave for Europe. CAMERON & CO., 3
Eddy «t.
A — Wanted — First-class real estate man with
some means to connect himself with old es-
tablished city office; must have good creden-
tials. See CAMERON & CO.
A — First-class grocery and bar; fine transfer
corner; large stock and up to date; chance to
get one of the best groceries in the city. See
CAMERON & CO.
A — Family liquor store and bar; fine location;
long lease; well stocked; good fixtures; every-
thing strictly first class; make offer. See
CAMERON & CO.
$350 — PARTNER; manufacturing business; em-
ploys 5 men; to look after hired help and act
as cashier. RIORDAN & LESS. 935 Market
et.. room 0.
$700 — CANDY store, factory and icecream par-
lor; cheap rent; long lease; or take partner,
$350. RIORDAN & LESS, 935 Market, r. 6.
$1200— HOTEL and bar in heart of city; 12
rooms furnished: run by present owner 18
years. RIORDAN & LESS, 935 Market, r. 5.
$1000 — COR. grocery and bar In Western Ad-
dition; 3% years 5 lease; low rent. RIOR-
DAN & LESS. 935 Market St.. room 8.
$3000— SALOON; 14 furnished rooms; on East
St.: long lease. RIORDAN & LESS. 935
Market st. •- "
EAGLE REALTY OEFICE Miller & Andersen.
230 Kearny st.; phone Montgomery 623.
$300— PRINTING office, doing big buslresa;
runs 2 presses; electrio motor; everything
necessary to conduct a first-class office.
230 Kearny gt. -
$1200— SALOON; large stock; good fixtures;
rent $25; clears $30 dally; big bargain. 230
Kexrny st.
GROCERY and saloon license for sale.
$1050 — Grocery and saloon; fine stock; rent
$30; busy corner; no opposition. 230 Kearny.
RESTAURANT located on corner of two prin-
cipal streets; rent only $12 50; well fur-
nished; large seating capacity; dwelling
apartments and a large basement thoroughly
equipped with Al -Dutch oven and every
requisite for baking. Here's a wonderful bar-
gain at $S5O. M. A. Brooks. 12 Golden Gate.
PARTY prominently connected, in racing cir-
cles wishes to form acquaintance of a person
with capital to take advantage of some*' good
things that are wired from racing centers; 25
per cent weekly on investment and chance
for losses reduced to a minimum; references
furnished. Box 6116. Call office. • - \u25a0 v
FOR bargains in real estate and buslnets
chances call on PEAK & LONG, 1004 Fill-
mor» at, l
DELICATESSEN store valued at $1100 reduoed
to $S00; owner sick: has to go to country.
PEAK & LONO. 1004 Flllmore st.
TO lease— A brick plant; 40.000 capacity daily;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility tor
making first-class brick; unlimited quantities
of clay. Apply DR. . C. .C. Q'DONNELL,
1021% Market »t.; \u25a0 tel. South e22.
ICE, coal and wood business at a bargain if
sold before 15th: owner "going to country on
account of poor health: will give 'good lease.
C. H. VAUGHAN. Aihby station, Berkeley.
BARGAIN — Nicely fitted up,' good paying cof-
fee, tea and crockery business, 4 living
rooms, reasonable rent, lease, value in sight.
Apply GEO, W. DARBEY, 212 Hearst bldg.
$150 PER month net on an absolutely safe In-
vestment; $3000 buys . the business, which
will bring more money 8 months later., In-
qalre room 4. 223 Powell st. •
CORNER grocery and bar;, must be sold this
week; living- rooms: cheap rent; newly paint-
ed throughout: a bargain. Call 1033 Folsom
St.. near Seventh.' .:, • .
CORNER saloon; good locality; rent reason-
able; living, rooms. Inquire at 1073 Mission
Et-; .cigar stand. -• "•
SALOON for sale — Half or whole; In good lo-
cation; cash register; well stocked; too much
tor one. . Box 6166. Call office. ;
POULTRY business for .sale. -Inquire \u25a0at
WARREN'S drug store,. Frultvale av-s. and
E. . 14U» St.. Fruit vale. ;\u25a0-.";; ; . v
BARGAIN — Lodging and boarding ' house; - 20
rooms and saloon, a with stock; ' good 'for
sailors', boarding house. 14 ; Washington sL
BAR fixtures for sale cheap; chairs, counter,
table and . back of bar.' \u25a0 Corner Third and
Hrancroft way. Waat Berkeley. .
THE SAN; ; FRANCISCO tCALLv FRIDAY,, JULY; 7, .1005.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
- : ' " LOOK AT THIS. 1 ' ' ''
A—sls,ooo;A — $15,000; saloon with 4 • rooms, house of 6
rooms, family -orchard : and 40 acres .land;
. here will be In short time the Western Pa-
cific R. R. camp with about 10.000 men for
the next ." years; no show for any other
saloon to open; this is a bonanza. Call R.
G.- WILKE, 2<3*/j Kearny st.
A— JCSO; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
business clears above ?110 per month; loca-
tion the best; close to Examiner office. A Call
R. G. WILKB. 2(i>4 Kearny st.
A— sl7so; SAUSAGE factory and pork store;
horse, wagon; business established many
years; has a large patronage in wholesale
trade also doing rushing store, trade; ownei
to retire only cause of sale. See R. G.
.WILKE. 2C'/j Kearny st.
A— sl3oot CORNER saloon north of Market St.,
close to Kearny; rent $S0; lease; ownei
wishes to quit city life and go In the coun-
try; Investigate; this Is a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. -20%' Kearny Bt. "
A— sloso; CORNER saloon on Folsom St.. with
2 living rooms; rent $35; place located close
to Sixth St.; bargain. Call R. G. ' WILKE,
liO^a Kearny st. -.•.-\u25a0\u25a0 . :
A— s2SoO; THE ' most prominent corner, saloon
on Sixth st. with lease, and cigar stand in
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
sale; not all cash necessary/ • Call -R. ;Q.
WILKE.- 20V& Kearny -st... \u25a0- • .-
A—s3ooo;A — $3000; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon with
S furnished rooms;, the most prominent loca-
tion north of Market' street; rent $125: a
very rare chance; i place a; money-maker. -.R.
G. 'WILKE, 26% Kearny; st. . . -
A—s3ooo;A — $3000; CORNER • saloon - with flat of -• 6
rooms; lease; no better location in this city;
owner kept place 10 years; a very* rare
chance. Call R. G. W r ILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s3oo; CARPENTER shop, horse, wagon;
shop kept by owner 15 years; ; good business;
owner to retire. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny- 6t. \u25a0 . - \u25a0%\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.,., \u25a0 \u25a0-.
A— ssoo; OFFICE business > with a monthly
published paper; office doing a rushing busi-
ness in Its line (no real estate office). Call
for particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny
street. « ' \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0:
A—$1000;A — $1000; RESTAURANT and coffee' saloon;
best location on Montgomery Bt.; old-estab-
lished and good-paying business; lease if de-
slred. Call R. P.. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— slso- RESTAURANT and chophouse. opp.
the park; rent $15; a~bargaln. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st "
A $2000- ROAD house with bowling alley,
dance pavilion etc.; rent $30; the place is
located on the most .prominent county road
to San .Mateo. '• Call" R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny at. \u25a0 \u25a0;' :\u25a0-.- \u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- _j
A— S2lOO-^ CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; rent
$S0; this is an old-established corner; best
part of Sixth St.: investigate; a r very rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A $400; GOOD, active man wanted in cigar
factory employing 8 men; must know how to
keep books or act as salesman. Call R. U.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. .
A— s9so; CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Folsom Bt. (Mission); living rooms; 6
years' lease; a bargain and rare chance.
Call R. G." WILKE, 26% Kearny ct.
A—s2oo;A — $200; CIGAR store on prominent part of
Mission St.; factory in' the rear; owner's;
established 20 years; a bargain. Callß. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny, st.
A— s6so; CIGAR and tobacco stand,' in a most
prominent location; also .laundry, office; place
kept by owner for years; never clears less
than $100 per month to your; bank account.
See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.;.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease and llv-.
ing-room; about 3 barrels . choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; close to Market
st.; investigate; this Is a rare chance. R.
G; WILKE, 26%- Kearny -at. ::
A— s7so; MANUFACTURING. business; article
used and must be used \u25a0 in, every household;
owner Is engaged in other business. ; Call
R. G. WILKE,. 26% Kearny st:., ... -': \u0084^
A— s9so; OYSTER andchop house with 3-year
lease; most prominent location in; Western.
Addition; this business la a- good , one. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26%- Kearny. St., -'-*. l.'V.^
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento 6t., Western Addition;
rent $30; 3 years' lease; 4 full value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. -
A—sl2oo:A — $1200: CORNER saloon with 7 furn.' rooms;
rent $35; place doing a rushing business;
about 12 barrels beer per- week; close to
warehouses and railroad shops; actual value
$2000; investigate at once. R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. \u25a0\u25a0.. .
A—s3ooo;A — $3000; CORNER saloon on water front with
4 -years' lease; net rent $90; prominent cor-
ner- owner to take command of schooner
cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Et. ' ' "f . •
A— sSso; RESTAURANT and coffee parlors on
Ocean Boulevard; rent $38; lease 5 years;
place clears above $150 per month. R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sl6oo;A — $1600; SALOON; close to Taylor and Mar-
ket sts.: net rent $112; 4% years' . lease ;
rood business; Investigate; a bargain. R.
5. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2ooo; SALOON with mercantile lunch in
wholesale district; N- of Market St.; -'place
established years; business first-class; owner
to: ko to the country. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny -Bt.
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon tn wholesale dis-
trict; place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. Call;R. .G. WILKE, . 2(5%
Kearny st.
A—$1800;A — $1800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; kept by owner 8 years; must be sold at
once; owner to retire from business: -a first-
class pyalng place. Call on R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A—s24oo:A — $2400: CORNER grocery and bar; must be
cold; owner to engage in other line of. busi-
ness; full value of fine stock In sight: >4%.
years' lease; location can't be beai. Call R."
O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A—sl6so;A — $1650; CORNER grocery and bar on Sacra-
mento st.; Western Addition; 5 rooms; 4
years' lease; place established years. Call
R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
NEWSPAPER route for eale in Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business Office for particulars.
RESTAURANT for sale; price" s3oo: no agents.
Box 8867, Call.
$350 — GROCERY, branch bakery, school sup-
plies; 8 sunny llv. rms.; yard. S4OB Mission.
SEVERAL good paying country saloons. - Par-
ticulars at Brownstone Wine Co., 226 Taylor.
HALF Interest \u25a0 well established candy, ice
cream business for sale. 443 Bush st.
ESTABLISHED fruit and meat market, doing
Al business. Address 1023 Guerrero st. '
WANTED — A partner in - paying day restau-
rant; must be cook. Call 597 First st.
GROCERY and saloon; est. over 80 years; fine
location; 5 years' lease. Box 6065, Call.
WANTED — Active partner in first-class day
saloon. Box 6060, Call pi flee. - -.-..--
FOR 'sale — Paint chop complete; . account de-
parture; cheap. .. 602 - Post et. ;• fruit store.
HAY, grain, wood & coal yard; account slck-
ness; must sell. M. WRIGHT, (435 Natoma.
OOOD Call route' for sale. Apply at Call
office. • -. ....-\u25a0
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reeep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ODened at 1008 Market et., opposite
Fifth. ODen until 11 p."m. " - - -
CARPET-BE ATINOV AND . CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process- used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
. carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices' moderate. 8. -F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 808 Market
St.; phone Main 152 and Bush 479. "':
WBXH \u25a0 you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 853-857 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rlson st. ; Al cleaning ' Be. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225. : ,
CARPETS clean., fit., lay. 630 G.G.ave. ;phone
East 1963. Star. Ren. C 0. ,; W. Wagner, Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid, 8c a yard. KLEIN-
ERT, 1620 Polk »t.; phone East 725. V
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye." & Larkin;: phone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, ;240 : Fourteenth < st. — First-class
carpet cleaning,' 3c yard. .; .Tel: Mission:, 74. V-;
RUDOLPH & CO.,- carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable." 1703 Harrison st.:, tel. Mission 263.*
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LACE CURTAINS : AND DLANKETS.
BRANDT'S New, York Curtain House; -moot
complete plant for cleaning \u25a0* lace curtains
and blankets. -1324 Fillmore;. phone \ Pine
2622. \u25a0 I -.; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0!';\u25a0•\u25a0:-\u25a0..' .<:.'' - .-..-,-, a- -\u0084--
-- - : _ Jf OFFICE si' ,
BAD i tenants ejected - for $4;" collections made;-
city, or ; country. ,- Pacific Collection * Co.. - 415
Montgomery «t. rooms 8-10. TeL Main 6680. \u25a0
Roomlnßr-Houxes and Hotels for Sale.
MARION - GRIFFIN,
'"'--- '"" - ' — — ' ', ' " *'•"'" *
970 — Market — St. — room — 801 — Eighth
floor — i new — Flood — Building — opposite
"The Emporium." — Phone — 3343 — Modern
Business — Methods. — ROOMING — and
APARTMENT — Houses — Abstracts — fur-
nished. 'All — titles —^ guaranteed. 1
4th of July Special No. 10
WANTED A FARM
IN EXCHANGE #
For a beautifully fur-
nished central house.
.-.;.". Located near - Powell" and
Ellis. • , .
Price $1800—
-'\u25a0\u25a0' FINE FURNISHINGS.
NEARLY NEW. -
\u25a0 —Cost $3700—
Lose on \u25a0 the \u25a0 premises.
' . 4th •\u25a0? of July,; Special No. 1.
23 rooms at a sacrifice ' • 11000. :
\u25a0 Think. of being able to buy the furnishings
In a 23-room house close to Market st. for the
nominal - price ' of • $1000. The house was ; fur-
nished about 8 months ago. \u25a0 , \u25a0 ; ... \u25a0
$75.' • \u25a0-. -, $75. . 9n.
Rent only $75 per month and a lease on tne
premises. . . ._• • .•\u25a0•;\u25a0
;r; r —MARION .- GRIFFIN—
—970 Market- St.—
—Opposite "The Emporium.'. —
> 4Ui of July Special No. 2 . .
87 , rooms -87. rooms
. — On ELLIS st. —
—Marble steps — ' j • .
Great mirrors in halls.
— The—
, FINEST . ENTRANCE-
' \u25a0" — in this city — *
Extra well furnished.
\u25a0\u25a0„'.-' SPLENDID LOCATION.
—Price $3500—
Price $3500. % cash.
— It Is first class — '
We recommend it.
\u0084 4th of . July Special No. ;8.
S3 rooms on Sutter st., near Leavenworth:
splendid 5 sunny . bay-windows both front' and
back: furnishings cost ' $0010; will' sell for
$2500; terms % cash and time to pay balance
from- profit in the business.' \u25a0
—LONG LEASE*—
—LOW RENT—
Newly painted and ' kalsomlned.
House in good condition throughout
There is no better location in this city.
—MARION • GRIFFIN—
970 Market St.. Opposite The Emporium.
4th of July Special No. 4
—42 rooms — .
— 42 rooms — .
—FINE CORNER—
— on Bush street —
A very fine location.
—Price $1400—
—Price only $1400—
Nice, respectable roomers.
The rent Is only $135.
—See — -
1 MARION GRIFFIN.
*th of July Special No. 8...
34 rooms. /
DO YOU want a profitable house?
WOULD YOU like a corner?
WOULD 'YOU , like - it : on Market. St. ?
WOULD TOU \u25a0like a lease on it?
WOULD YOU like $130, monthly -profit?
WOULD YOU invest •. $2000?
REMEMBER I the price is . only , . . ;. , $2000.
. TERMS- if-* you 'desire. . . -\u0084~. .
•The. house \ls clean, j Permanent roomers
And -of flees.' 1 See : ' , \u25a0 .
MARION; GRIFFIN. _
4th of July special No. 6
10 10 10
10 rooms 10
. \u25a0 Near the St. Francis Hotel \u25a0 ,-.
.V... >•;'-; |$300 price $300 .• ._•
— $40 per month profit —
, . .• • — $40 per,, month .profit — .
Also
'.',lO rooms . on Mission st.
—Price $400; $200 dwon—
And we list y-o-u.
$200 down; payable $10
monthly.
. . No, work. All. apartments.
" Profit $35 monthly.' " '
\u25a0 See MARION GRIFFIN. "
'; :. 4th of July special No. J.
: 16 rooms. $600.
— 2 floors. 2 floors— .
[Sunny side of ptreet.]
Monthly profit $52
NEWLY.- kalsomlned.
NEWLY- papered. . •
NICE, ckan and wholesome. \u25a0
Located 3 blocks of Market street.
$300 cash and w-e lend y-o-u $300 payable
$10 monthly. '
MARION GRIFFIN.
\u25a0 \u25a0 '. .
970,»Market, Opposite "Emporium."
\u25a0 4th' of July special No. 'B. ;
—62 rooms—
$3300.. $3500'
v — Profit $300 monthly—
' '-\u25a0 DO YOU WANT a chance
to put $300 gold coin
, — In the- bank? — -
HAVE YOU the ability :
to run a big downtown ,
house as It should be run?
IF YOU. HAVE a'farm to
, -\u25a0 trade or
.. IF YOU HAVE-. $1600 in
cash the. deal can : be ar-
ranged by . . V; v
: MARION GRIFFIN. >
970 Market at.
4th of July special No. 9.
-The owner leaves this city July 7th.
20 large "rooms;, monthly profit • $71.
PRICE $1400; will accept ANY- OFFER above i
$750. : At whatever price you buy It you need :
only - pay y* down and WE will loan you the
balance \u25a0 -.'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 -.-."'' ' .
,»- —^To be -reapld in —
—410 : monthly installments —
. Think of the rent; only $3V4 per room.
'i- : Be *'-:. ...'.-.- ' •
MARION- GRIFFIN\. j
Lodging-houses for , sale. ,
A— CAMERON & CO —Phone South 1050
- v •--..': 8 Eddy, st., "cor. : Market and Powell.
Headquarter* for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
\u25a0 All Kinds of. Business Chances.
63 rooms, elegantly. furnished; new and up-
to-dat*- house; fine, \u25a0 central location; "furnished
In golden oak/" mahogany, blrdeye maple ; car-
pets Moquet and | Axmlnster; -. cost j $10,000 1 to
furnish. -" but if taken within next few. days the
price will be $4500.
70 rooms; modern, ;\u25a0 up-to-date • downtown
house; cheap rent; good lease; extra good fur-
niture i and carpets; everything lin -first-class
condition; fine location ;• clears $250 to $300 per
month : on ; account \u25a0 of ,. dissolution -of partner-
ship this house can be had at great bargain.
14 rooms; close In; rent only 's7s; good fur-
nlture and carpets ; clears • over I $50 and | leaves
nice living ; rooms < for family; biff : bargain at
$650. : \u25a0';[•\u25a0 :\u2666' . -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'.-' \u25a0\u25a0• : ; ,
•*'63 rooms, newly furnished, '.close in and very
central;' fine; brick building;" elevator and all
modern conveniences: : the price asked sls less
than half; of cost to furnish; $3000. \u25a0 \u25a0*-
''\u25a0 106 . rooms, " el egantly :>\u25a0\u25a0 furnished : "\u25a0> new '-"and
modern . throughout ; - best : of furniture, \u25a0\u25a0 carpets
and ' draperies, \u25a0 beautiful £ bar r and office \u25a0\u25a0 on
ground flcor; all full -and clearing .big, money,,
but sudden illness compels sale;: will trade for
ranch or residence ' property across bay. . > r. -
v 30 rooms, ' newly ; furnished ; • close In •." can be
run- either transient ' or L" permanent '-roomers •
clearing. $150 'per month ; above all. expenses;
going out \u25a0of "business."' ." ;
>' 42 •« rooms;* good -location; well ; - furnished ;
mostly man roomers; clean and good; rent only
$125;, will- exchange \u25a0 for • smaller \ house,' 10 " to
12 rooms;- priM $1600.?. .'>\u25a0'\u25a0 ; .-..• .--•.'.': \u25a0\u25a0•
/•' ." 18 rooms ; rent only. $70 ; 1 fine . location ; newly .
furnished and clear lner $70 tiar month btul hava
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAXE-—C<m»
nice < living rooms; price $1050; will take $750
: to get in. • - \u25a0
80 rooms; new, fine; /central location; well
furnished and paying, well; can be bought at
-big bargain, as . owner is leaving city ; price
$1500, Just half cost to furnish.
22 rooms; rent only $90; good location; well
furnished and pa>s a nice income, but owing to
certain circumstances, will be sold for . sllso;
will take $400 to get in.
16 rooms; wftll furnished: corner house; cheap
rent; good furniture and carpets; you can buy
this for face of mortgage or $950, as owner is
obliged to leave city. • :
85 rooms; nice, central location; rent $150;
good furniture and carpets; fine money making
house; price $2700.
18 rooms; finely located: good furniture and
carpets: is paying well; will exchange for 10
or 12 room house in good condition.
. 12 rooms; good- location; new, modern build-
ing; rent only $52 50. water free; well fur-
nished: now run as little boarding-house;
price $650. \ ..-...-
14 rooms; well furnished, downtown house;
mostly permanent men roomers: everything in
first-class condition; clearing $80 per month;
fine proposition for some one; price $1000.
A. CAMERON. & CO.. 8 EDDY ST.
FAWCETT & JOHNSON. 811 James Flood bldg
970 Market- St. Bth floor. Opp. The Emporium.
Rooming and Apartment Houses.
"Exceptional Bargains."
$500 — 0 rms.; rent $87 60; clears $25 per. mo.
$600—10 rms.; rent $47 60; clears $50 per mo.
$1260—14 rms.; rent $70;-cleare $100 per mo.
$1400—24 rms.; rent $100; clears $100 per mo.
$2500—24 rms.; rent $150; clears $180 per mo.
11C00— 26 rms.; rent $105; clears $90 per mo.
$SCK> — 29 rms.; rent $50;- clears. $60 par mo.
$1500—30 rms.; rent $210; clears $160 per mo.
$2500—30 rms.; rent $150; r clears $100 per mo.
$2000—32 rms.; rent $175; clears $100 per mo.
$3000—36 rms.; rent $175; clears $130 per mo.
$5000—36 rms.; rent $225; clears $200 per mo.
$3500—37 rms.; rent $225; clears $175 per mo.
$0000—49 rms. ; rent $300; clears 1250 per mo.
$4500—56 rms.; rent $225; clears $275 per mo.
List your Real Estate, Business or Personal
property with FAWCETT & JOHNSON.
BEST bargain and greatest value for the dol-
lars you invest are to be found at
bCHWEINHARD & CO.'S, .
Rooming-House and Hotel Brokers,
IOOS^a Market st.. opposite Fifth St.
FISHER & CO Rooming Houses
Jas. Flood . 81dg. . . . . .Phone , Main 3354.
No connection with any. other firm.
See them in' their new office. \u25a0 room 438."
FINE corner rooming-house, 22 .rooms;- long
lease; fine money-maker; trade. or cash; no
agents. Owner. P. O. box 93.. Oakland: '•
FOLSOM. 830— Furnished house, 10 rooms, for
sale; snap; must sell; rent of house cheap.
$650 IF sold this week; house of S3 rooms; 2
years' lease; rent $50. 649 Howard Bt. .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. ALEXANDER DELMAR,
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychlo Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator \u25a0
Of Secret Influence in America. '
No matter what your troubles, sickness or
d-esires may be Prof. Delmar will help you;
his advice and help are always absolutely re-
liable; kind. ; honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. Full life, $1.- Daily from 10 a. m.
to 0 p. m. ;. Wednesday and Saturday evenings
to 9; Sunday, 1 to 4p. m. 412 Post st. \u25a0 .
AA— : . PROF. NIBLO.
. PROF. NIBLO. "
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $L
Greatest living ASTRO . HEAD-TRANCE
CLAIRVOYANT of • the age; adviser on. busi-
ness and all affairs of life; tells your full name
and what you called for, - whom you will marry
how to control the one you love, even miles
away; reunites \u25a0 the ' separated, gives secret
powers to. control; no - long delays In waiting.
. HOURS,- 10 to 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
997— MARKET. 5T.— 997.
Next door. to > Hale" s big store, corner of 6th.
.'.. . . ... . -PROF. NIBLO.
A— WILL return to city Thursday. July 6.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st. — Clairvoyant,
crystal seer, -can be consulted on all affairs
of life: readings $1. ' "
PRINCESS EUGENIA, trance clairvoyant;
readings to ladles only; my $5 complete life
readings $1; 404 Eddy st. ; permanently located
In her own home; private; no sign; ring bell.
MME. AUSTIN, spiritual business medium
and life reader; consult this lady on business
of all kinds," love troubles, absent friends ;
' she has no equal. 856 Mission str"
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San' Francisco. Office hours— lo
: a. m .to 0 p. m.. Sundays 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR, your.g gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals hidden secrets, love, business, etc.;
names; L. 50c, G. $1. 533 Golden Gate aye.
MME. JOSEPH, palmist and life reader, of
Chicago; business, speculations, love: full
readings; ladies 25c; gents 50c. 1221 Market.
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me; good
\u25a0' reading 25c; no 6lgn. 102% 6th. nr. Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant.
gives names, advice In all affairs. 5 4th st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 "Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 120 C Market, r. 10. Gait House.
EARLE'S eeance Sun., Wed.. 219 Eddy St.;
readings. Hotel Higglns, O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY. ;
A^RETURNED H. Jerome Fosselll. scientific
palmist: 612 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5608
_ CUnEFORKPPTURE^^^
DR. PIERCE" S Magnetic Elastic Truse; per-
fect retainer; positive cure; book free.. Re-
moved* to 206 Kearny St., room 307.
dentists. ,
drexler" p ainless^ent^l^ompanyT
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth $2; silver fillings, 23c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3: bridge work, $3.
1104 Market St., corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns $3 60; fillings 50c;
plates, $s,"S full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th —
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set, extracting 50c; gas given.
•FILLINGS, 25c and 50c; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2, no
pain: op. Sun.Dr.A. C.Hewitt. 101% Grant ay.
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking •\u25a0 and Millinery
School— Eve. class; patterns cut. 1190 Market.
KEISTER'S Ladies' Tailoring College, 1281
Market' st.. Majestic building. .
Accordion, sunburst . and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
, EDUCATIONAL.
WESTERN^BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1281 Mar-
ket it. — Terms $3 per month; $40 six months;
thorough course; In order to demonstrate our
superior' method \u25a0\u25a0 of \u25a0 teaching will., give one
month's tuition free; our motto, "perfec-
- tlon": success assured.- - .: i
X THE LYCEUM. ' an accredited preparatory
- school- for university law; medical colleges;
refs.; , Pres. \u25a0 Jordan oosr s any. Stanford prof.:
summer session begins June 5. Phelan bldg.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col. ; Cal. B. C. «tu-
dents iwlth v us; = stenographers trained: : posi-
tions secured. 025 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE has removed to larger quarters at 933
Market Bt.;> best location In city; catalogue.
A— S. ' F. BUS. College. 738 Mission et.. , gets
\u25a0 positions for graduates; 160 good places since
:\u25a0 March 1. ' Come and'eeeus. IV
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
• Post st.,',S.'--F. ; civil.' mining, electrical, steam
•i . and I gas engineering. ; Send f or, : prospectus.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec. : mm.; - mech. sur-"
:vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve. ; est .1864. -Van
Nalllen School. 113 Fulton.' nr. City. Hall.
HEALD'S : BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post it."
Established 4 lBo3; largest „ in ? the . Wei«t ; ; an-
nual • enrollment \u25a0 100O : ' send for circulare. ....\u25a0,
HINMAN'S ACADEMY, a thorough school of
• dancing; : all branches. 1412 Polk St.,^ nr.'Cal.'
LESSONS v in occult i science; 10 to 8. \u25a0 WAL-
TER j ROCKWELL; 315 :\u25a0 Golden ; Gate ; aye. \u25a0
IRVlNG " lnstitute School for Girls,' 2l2o Cal.st.;
:i fall 'term \u25a0 begins ; Monday," August : 7," J9CS.- -
A WEEK'S news for 6 \u25a0 cents^-The .Weekly Call,
'16 pages, 1 In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
;\u25a0;.- EYEjAND;; NERVOUS DISEASES.
HEADACHE ;* chronic "*= constipation/- rheuma-
-. tlsm,'' diseases ' of 1 the ' ey« ~ and ' the - nervous'
! system 5 speedily > cured. ; £ DR.' SCHIRMAN.
' - 1101 Market st.;' room 12, ! beC Mason & Taylor
EMPLOYMEJTT OFFICES. ;
GEORGE^BI! SAKAUTE— Successor tf^George
Aoki oldest and largest Japanese and ChJ? 69 *
employment office.: 42l Post at. : phone Bush
. 135; promptly furnishes all kinds of help.
UP-TO-DATE Japanese-Chinese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds pscmptly.
H. S AIKI. 405 Post st. ; tel. Jamee 501.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help . furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; tel. Main 1.51.
REMOVED from 411% O'Farrell st. to 1113
Clay St.— H W. HONG'S Chinese Employ-
ment Office; be6t help. Tel. East 426.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanes<?-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. W2I.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Bush 559.
Finest Japanese help: house cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 317 Mason; tel. James 5251.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. 1 Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished: house cleaning. 703 Taylor: James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 5183.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A ' FIRST-CLASS waltrtss wants position, ho-
tel or restaurant. 324 Mason; phone Blade
2596. »
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men,
country. 324 Mason at. ; phone Black 2396.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel cook wants position,
city or country. 824 Mason at.; phone Blade
2388.
A CHILD'S nurse, refined, experienced, best
references, wants position. 324 Mason at. ;
phone Black 2396.
A WOMAN with a child, good cook, wants
work, country. 824 Mason; phone Black 2398.
CAPABLE, reliable woman wishes general
housework. Phone Main 8428.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, city ' references,
wishes situation. Phone Main 8428. >>:;
THOROUGHLY experienced cook, best city
» references^ Phone Main 8423. *-\u25a0•--.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress,
best references, wishes situation. Phone
Main 3423. .
MIDDLE-AGED nurse, best references, wishes
care of children. Phone Main 3429.
PRACTICAL nurse wishes care invalid or el-
derly lady. Phone Main 3423. ». v
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants washing. Iron-
ing or house cleaning; good worker; $1 SO
day. Box 6579, Call office.
A COMPETENT girl wants position as cham-
bermaid or waitress or second work; has
good references. Box 6119," Call office.
ELDERLY American woman wishes position
for housework and cooking; good- home and
$10 a month. 1065 Market st.
A YOUNG girl would like to mind baby. Call
51 Natoma st. . '
SITUATION - wanted by Finnish gin for gen-
eral ' housework. 322 Fremont it. "-:\u25a0'.'•'%
MIDDLE-AGED \u25a0 woman - wishes position as
working, iousekeeper or as cook; $15 to $20
and car fore; city or country. Call or address
Housekeeper. 152 Fifth et.
GIRL;. 21 years, desires a situation to do light
housework in a small family; wages $15.
Box 6316, Call.
GOOD cook, willing to assist in housework,
wants position; city or country: wages $30 to
$35. 794 Folsom St.. near Fourth.
A COMPETENT girl wants position as cham-
bermaid or waitress or second work; has
good references. Box 6119. Call.
GOOD plan cook wants place; $30 per month:
good and willing; middle-aged; on a ranch.
Call at 237 Minna st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRL wishes place for housework and cooking.
Please call at 39 South Park aye.
YOUNG Japanese girl wishes a position aa
schoolgirl In Oakland family. Shoeshop. 31
Telegraph aye.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A GOOD all-around candy maker in all
branches wants a Dosltlon in city or coun-
try; can furnish best of references. Ad-
dregs box 6152, Call office. . «' \u25a0- .'.' -\u0084v
BARKEEPER — Young \u25a0 married man from the
East, experienced barkeeper, wishes steady
position; city or country. Address COW-
r LEY, 1061 Folsom st. • '\u25a0•\u25a0
GOOD flannel washer, wants position; under-
- stands all the branches in wash-house r best
of references. 643 Broadway.
BOY,- 17 years old. wants a position on a
. farm; willing to make himself useful. Ad-
dresa P. O. box 2517. .city. \u25a0 :.--.'->
YOUNG bartender, - good, sober and honest,
speaks many languages, good - references,
wants place. Box 6312, Call office.
JUST arrived from New York; expert window
trimmer; formerly employed with the most
'' up-to-date and biggest dep't stores in New
York and vicinity; desires a permanent po-
sition; Balary moderate to start. .BLOOM,
room 624. Philips Hotel, 117 Sixth st.
ELECTRICAL engineer; competent to take
charge of any . kind of lighting or power
stations or railway; over 20 years' experi-
ence; best refs. furnished. Box 6118. Call.
CARPENTER, experienced mechanic full set
of tools, wants - situation to take care of
buildings; city or country; steady and relia-
ble. Address box 6173. Call office.
WANTED— Position; young: man; bookkeeper
and stenographer; Eastern references. Box
6115, Call. .
YOUNG man, reliable, will do bill collecting.
sample destrlbutlng. deliver goods in Oak-
land and vicinity reasonable. Box 6314. Call.
HONEST, steady young man ' wants any kind
of work after 7 p. m. for a few hours each
evening. Box 6112. Call. " •\u25a0
PIANIST, good reader, would like engagement.
Box 6114, Call. - -
YOUNG steady helper on cakes, with expert-
ence. wishes position. Box 4089. Call. •
EXPERIENCED barber apprentice wishes
place to finish trade. 80x. 6190. Call. \u25a0 : : •
A JAPANESE wants position, wait at table
and housework, or hallboy in small family.
FRANK ITO, 703 Larkin St.; phone East
8770. \u25a0\u25a0 - •\u25a0-•\u25a0:\u25a0•.-,;-.
JAPANESE couple want place; man Is first-
class cook; .wife wait at table and house-
work; has references. O. MASUDA, box
6120. Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants work cooking and
some household work; wages $8 up a week;
worked a long time in last place. MAIDIS
FUJIO, 2406 Mission St.; phone Church 5575.
JAPANESE experienced waiter wants position
in family: -understands valet: wages • $%
week. Address GEORGE OTHO, 509 Eighth
« st.. Oakland. ' ' • . '
JAPANESE good cook wants position' ln small
family; $6 up per week; references. Phone
Jackson 3641. t : .
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position at
housework. GEORGE; 1003 ' Guerrero at. ;
phone . Blue 2531.
YOUNG Chinese first-class family cook wishes
position: $50 month; city or country. Call
or write YEANQ QUONG. 906 Dupont st.
CHINESE first-class cook wants position la
private family; wages $9 or $10 week. -AH
FONG. 87 Waverly place.
.FINANCIAL.
REALTY. Syndicate Certificates -purchased;
, top prices. W. L. HARPER, Crocker bldy.
, FLATS TO LET.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF- HOUSES^
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting - department is free to all ; we can
find you a home ; in. any part of the. city;
aak for no \u25a0 payment other than your j good
will;' we do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use this -.department freely;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
st. (on the square).
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY,
Every desirable vacant dwelling; Is listed In
our ren tins department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies. Saves a world of
time and . trouble. .
Service is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at
furniture." "Welcome! . ...
STERLING FURNITURE COMPANY.
1039 Market St.", opposite ; McAllister.
A VISIT to our free renting, department -win
help you to get Just the house or flat you are
looking , for: you are perfectly welcome and
under no obligations. T. BRILLIANT FUR-
; NITURE \u25a0 CO.; 338-340-342 Post st.
CORNER flat vto let : 8 large light sunny
rooms; suitable for roomlnir- house; rent $35"
" D. HADELER. SW cor. Felt and Devisadero.
HAVES, 1759, near Park"- entrance— Modern,
sunny flats. 3, 4 and 5 rooms, bath; rents
.:, $10 up.;.".. 1 :..••'\u25a0'\u25a0 •"•"_\u25a0-•« ' '.'\u25a0 -.- ••.\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0;•\u25a0'\u25a0..',;
$2S— LOVELY • flat, ,- 7 . large sunny ; rooms ; * all
• modern; only $4 per room; I hall gas. and' wa-
iter free. *\u25a0 874 .Valencia st., near^Twentleth. -
COZY sunny flats, middle' and upper, 4-5 rooms,
bath.. yard.' 32 Sbotwall «t.." near Fourteenths
S2O and 522 50. .-
FIxATS TO LET — Continued.
NOE. ICSO and 105fi — Beautiful new flats, mod-
ern improvements: corner Noe and Elizabeth
sts., near 24th. and Castro cars; rent reason-
able; 5 and 6 rooms.
A SUNNY corner; 6- room lower Cat: basement:
half block from Market St., Castro or ISth
st. cars. 3947 17th St.. corner Hartford.
ELEGANT modern upper flat; 8- rooms; all
sunny. 52S Oak st.. near Webster. -
TO let— Middle flat; 3 rooms; 1330 Larkin st.
Apply 1350 Larkin. \u25a0
FLAT four rooms and bath for rent; reason-
able; caroets for *ale. 506 Larkin st.
CASTRO. 421 — Unfurn. upper fat; 4 or 5: every
room sunny; fine view; bath, phone: cheap.
$20— FLAT of 6 sunny rooms: bath, gas and
tubs. 173 Thirteenth at.; adults.
UPPER 7-room flat: sun every room: large gar-
den; can be seen 10 to 4. 240" Pacific aye. .
CENTRALLY located flat. 5 rooms, bath: mod-
erate. 102t> Sacramento St.. above 'Powell.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED upper flat of 4 rooms, kitchen,
pantry. bat\ Dorch; fine piano; garden and
tw© entrances to basement; sun all day; must
be sold; parties going away; your own price;
rent $12. 7C5 Florida at.
FURNISHED flat of 8 rooms for rent. 3
Meacham place. • .
CAPP. 614 — 5 large sunny rooms; piano, gu
and coal range. _^__^_^__
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
DEVISADERO. 438— 5250: 8 neatly furnished
rooms: rent $20; 4, rented $23. Call afternoon.
$130— FLAT of five rooms complete; rent $20.
1611 Waller st.. near Stanyan.
PINE. 9SS — 9 nicely furnished rooms: rent $40;
no reasonable offer refused. Call after 11 a.m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
— - — '\u25a0'
ALMOST given away: unredeemed atoraz*. pi-
anos & turn. Whltehead's Storage, 163 d M'kt.
FURNITURE WANTED.
••WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS."— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st., be-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for far-
nltnre. carpets, etc. 752 M lesion; tel. Bush 313.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1133 Market st. phone Jessie
76L pays cash and buys everything.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNQ German or Scandinavian c00k.... 540
First-class German cook ..$35
2 cooks, little wash $30
Cook for delicatessen and lunchroom-110 wk.
Cook for country hotel $4O
2 second girls for Marin County $25
10 waitresses for hotels and re50rt5...... 523 -
Laundress, country ' hotel ...............$2O
Cook on ranch ......s3t>
Nurse for 2 children, hotel ....$23
Cook for Chinese camp. Tu01umne. ...... 520
8 men and wives $60-$75
General housework, 2 In family, near San
Jose $25
2 chambermaids, wait one meal.... $20
2 .nursegirls .....$l5-$l7
And many girls for general housework for
city and country at the best of wages. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 834 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS lady eashler. first-class place,
city, $35, board; call early with references.
C. R. HAN3EN & CO.. 429 Bush St.
A MANGLE girl, flrst-clasa resort, country.
$20, room, board, wash, overtime, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st. '
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z la 1 mo. for $5 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day and evening; \u25a0
class. College. 234 Post st., room 17. 3d floor.
MILLINERY taught 1 mo. for $5; learn now
for Aug. positions; sita. guaranteed; eve,
school only. 234 Post St., room- 14
WANTED— Girts to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to finish In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per wk. up; learn
now for Aug. positions. School, 234 Post.r.l6.
PACIFIC Hairdressing School; whole trade,
manicuring, massage; positions $10 a week
up; day and evening classes. 133 Powell st.
WANTED; — Hairdressing- students; haJrdTess-
lngr, manicuring, facial massage, scalp treat- .
xnents. dermatology, electrolysis and chirop-
ody taught at Moler*s College; new location.
; 40* Powell, near Poet; the moat thoroughly
complete colleg» w«st of Chicago; special
terms now. MISS JESSIE MACDONALD.
Instructor. " ~/Z «
WANTED — Young lady as saleslady In chil-
dren's furnishing goods department. Apply
" 6. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — A young lady of 13 or 20 years as
saleslady tn children's furnishing goods de-
partment. Apply S. N. "WOOD ft CO., Powell
and Ellis sts. ' ,-*.--
A VEST operator, one who can back vesta;
also a second operator; electrio power; a
steady position. Apply 49 Geary St.. S. N.
WOOD & CO. '
LADY pianist wanted; one who reads nxusto
at sight, to demonstrate muslo. Apply su-
perintendent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — Starch, ironers and mangle hun^a;
country laundry. Room 501. Crossley bldff.
WANTED— A girl to assist with light house-
work. Apply 723 Guerrero st, ...
WANTED — A 'finisher and try oa maksr on
coats.. 229 Steevnson st.. room 0. ...
WANTED— Woman to wait on sick lady. 069
Minna at., in morning.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
good home. 621 Washington st.
WANTED— First-class mjinlcnrtat. tl Eddy
street.
WANTED — Women and drU to work oa fruit
at Foster Bros.' Cannery, Dlxon, from July
15 to September 1. Register cazam by mall
to Dlxon. CaL
COOK and downstairs work; waces $33. 178
Belvedere . St., bet. Frederick and Waller, '
- Cole and Clayton sta.
FOR enjoyable, profitable spar* time work,
guaranteed reliable. Address or eaQ 1344
Market St.. opp. Seventh. 9 to 5.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady; fancy aad
ready-made goods; city references. Address
M. R.. box 6176. Call.
WANTED — Girls on sewtn* machln«s|riin by
power: light work; good pay. NHVXLLS A
CO.. 530 Davis st.
SEWING machine operators on overalls: to
experience necessary. LEVI STRAUSS *
CO.. 82^ Fremont st. MR. DA Via.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; references required. Apply 21 i
i Bush st., third floor, after 9 a- in. '
WANTED — Oirl for light housework and plain
cooking: references. 1130 LarkU it------ . ,
WOMAN to do washing half day each week.
Apply early In .morning; 2533 Howard st.
WANTED— Lady barber; guarantee $12 per
week or 70 per cent. Box 40S8, Call.
AN enjoyable profitable outlnx: pick hop* ta
August. Particulars later. \u25a0 " V .
BARBERS— Employment and S applies.
.BARBER shop for ' nala — University barter
shop, controlling university trade: no opposi-
tion; opportunity for young man deslrin* edu-
cation; fum. living rooms In connection; rent
cheap. R. J. COYNE. College Park. C*L
BARBER shops, city and country, wanted; :
have several Inquiries for fair paying shop^;
all shops that can stand thorough Investiga-
tion may apply to D. STOLTZ. 723 Marten st.
$650 — BARBER shop with side Un« for sale;
, business clearing more than $133 \u25a0 month.
Address box 1964.' Call office. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale; "good location; near
Washington st. Call 473 Seventh St.. Oak-
land.
COMPLETE: fixtures for. barter strop; 3 attain
Inquire between . 2 and 4 p. m.. 1501 Brod-
erick<«t.;'cor. Poet..
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted: steady employ-
ment. Call 2408 California, st.. near Fiil-
more. . .
BARBER wanted at 6 Market it.
BARBER wanted: short hours. 1313 Buchanan
street. .
A BA RBER wanted : steady : Saturday and
Sunday. 622 Shrader st. cor. Waller.
BA £ B .? RS v. for Saturd * r aaa Sunday; 10c shop.
IC«j Tenth st. -
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday stead*
If O X.' 1102 Sntter gt. >• *.»«aujr
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourte-nth st
Oakland. "29RW"fl»ianBSBBBl \u25a0= "..1 at.,
GOOIV barber for Saturday and Sunday. 203
BARBER.* short- hour Job; steady. 1234 Ninth
'LADY barber. lonr experience, wants sltua-
Uon or hu.ln.u nartner. Box BSOI^CiJJL
\u25a0I-. Ai-M-rTi"-,-::-::'"-^ "\u25a0 - - . ~"~. "*"**- *-—*-/. \u25a0MAY BE WRAPPED IN A FE .'W. •"^V ANT ADS
BARB EHS, ETC — Continued.
BARBER shop; barber shop; will sacriflc* this
week. 1007% Market ft.
FOR sale— Complete fixtures for barber shop;
2 chairs; cheap. 485 Fulton st.
WANTED — Small barber snop In city or coun-
try. Box eS66, Call office.
FOR sale— Cheap, furniture of a 2-chalr bar-
ber chop. Call 744 Fourth at.
$200— TWO chair barber chop. locate* » n LJS* 1
sion; bargain. Sea Coleman. 811 Flood bidg.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
AT HORS A SMITH'S, 741 Mission st. and
626 Washington st
$223 TEAMSTERS 52 25
,(2 60 Plowholfler $2 50
No discount Fare 10c
75 wanted Ship to-day
Free Fare Nevada Free fare
No discount Ship to-day Hazen
J225 Tsainsters $2 25
fee fl Fee $1 Fee $1
We ship a carload every night. . .Call and see
This road runs from Hazen to -Churchill anU
\u25a0n -,;: connect with Carson and Colorado, which
run* to Tonopah and
GOLDFIELD
$1 Fee No Discount Free Fans
Fre« Flare Cordelia Free Fare
J2 Quarry Work $2
1260 Per Day — Laborers
. . . .This la helping round steam shovel ....
$2 80 LABORERS $2 60
Horseshoer. Oakland $3
Blacksmith. 80 miles $3 50
Man to take orders $175 and commission
Milkers, 8 cr 6 cows, city $25 and found
Boy fcr store, to help shipping clerk $1
Scraper work, south $2 25 per day
No Clscount -. $2 25 per day
Teamsters Near cltjr
Our new office at 626 Washington st.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS* EMPLOY-
MEXT AGENCY.
60S Washington st. Phone James 8301.
NEVADA— FRED FARE.
FREE FARE. NEVADA.
Carson and Tonopah R. R.. new work.
Ship To-night. \u25a0 $67 60. $67 50.
FREE FARE.
Solano County. A. L. County and C. C. Co.,
boss hers, steady work. $60.
LABORERS.
10 laborers. COc fare. S hours, $2 Cay, board
anywhere, long job
MINES.
8 carmen, gold mine. $2 50 day, couth. Al
job. *2 60 day.
LUMBER CAMPS.
100 laborers and lumber pliers $2 25 and
J2 tO day, 7 months' job; plenty other good
jobs. Call and ccc.
NEAR CITY.
Plow holder. $2 50; scrax>er holder*. $2 BO
<Jay; cook, small hotel country. $40 and
found; eecond cook, city. $45 and found.
4 LATHERS, long job. f2 50 per 1000. see
owner In city, for ccuntry work; S carpen-
ters. $3 50 day; 2 coachmen, $35 and $45
and found • gardener. $35 and found; chore-
m«n. $20 alid $25 and found; farmers., milk-
ers. $35 and found: man and wife, prlva'te.
family; milker and wife, $60 and found; black-
. fmith helpers and floorroen. $2 25 and $3
day; mintrs. f3 day: muckers. $2 50 day;
blacksmith, $3 a day; and many others. J.
P. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
YOUNG man to work in restaurant dining-
room, learn the business. $S week; cook and
wife for sawmill crew. $60, see boss in city;
cook and wife as waitress, small country
hotel. $05; hotel, second cook for resort. $65;
colored cock for resort. $40; pantryman, $35;
waiter with some pantry work, f-30, coun-
try hotel; restaurant waiter, country. $35;
waiter for springs, *25: night watchman for
hospital. $25; lots or other men for different
wurks. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62!s Sacra-
mento Et.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
042 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUFH 833
FREE FARE — Laborers, near city, $CO.
FREE FARE— Laborers. 50 miles. $60.
FREE FARE— EAST— S. P. R. R.
ir»it teamsters— FßEE FARE— EAST.
CONCRETE FOREMAN. long job. top
wages.
SMALL SAWMILL, see boss here II A. M.
3 yardmen, $40 fd.; 3 mill hands, $40 fd.;
5 lumber graders. Sl'*): 25 lumber pilers,
$75-$5O; laborers, logging R. R.. $40 f d. ; 6
blacksmith!"; G CARPENTERS. $S0 FD.; 6
CARPENTERS. T^7 50.
AT RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
€02 Clay St.. cor. Mcntgy. Phone James 2476.
Laborers, Tuba County $2 50 a day
Teamsters, Colusa County .$2 25 a day
U. S. Government Canal — Nevada; ship to-
day.
Resaw man 25c hour
Rip paw man 22^4c hour
Put-off sawyer 25c hour
5 laborers, box factory 20c hour
ANDRES office. 317 Stockton st. — Cook,
trrman. hotel. ?25: kitchen hand, restaur-
s3s; waiter, city, (10 50 week; oyster and
*a!ad man, $10 week: silverman, $30: pan-
tryman, hotel. $25; kitchen hand, restau-
ant, $3C; bedmaker. ?20; he!per-for nursery,
J2O to $25; butler, city. $50. etc.
WANTED — A firrt-clai>s window dreseer. one
who Is capable of dressing a thoroughly ar-
tistic window containing clothing, furnish-
ings, hats and tailoring goods; a man of ar-
tistic taste and practical ideas may secure a
good paying positicn; only men possessing
these qualifications need apply; no one else
will be considered. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. Poweil and Ellis tta.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens of United £ tales, of good charactet
, and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rlalto building.
New Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Baker foreman on bread; must be
man of experience and able to take charge;
wages $25 per week; country. Address box
\u25a0'.K-'O, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced domestic eale*m«n.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced crockery and glass-
ware packers. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN
COMPANY. 124 Sutter st.
YOI'NG man with experience as bookkeeper
with local business house. Box 6361. Call.
YOUNG helper on cakes. 1503 Geary st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 305 Third st.
AN experienced bedmaker. American Hotel,
6SO Howard st.
WANTED — Young man to learn press work:
steady Job. Apply 30 First st.
ACTIVE, educated men or women to sell the
New International Encyclopaedia in Cali-
fornia; people are interested and those who
understand the business, or are willing to
learn, can make big money. Call or addrees
Dodd, Mead - Co.. SCI Parrctt bidg., S. F.
WANTED — A first-class male stenographer and
secretary for commercial position; will pay
good salary. Reply - sutlr.g age. experience,
references and salary expected, and speci-
mens of handwriting and typewriting, box
«^»4. Call office.
TWO good salesmen to sell Encyclopedia Brl-
tanr.lca; must b« well dressed: experience not
necessary: good commissions and expenses.
Apply AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ASSO-
CIATION. 479-480 Parrott building.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
postofnee. internal revenue, bookkeeper, de-
partment clerk and other Government posi-
tions; particulars free; open day and eve.
Pacific Correspondence Institute, 1095 Market
WANTED— Persons of some clerical ability to
prepare for position as cashier's clerk of the
IT. 8. Mint, Ean Francisco; salary $ISOO.
Apply at once. Pacific Correspondence Instl-
tute. 1095 Market St. \u25a0
LEARN telegraphy and R- R. accounting; $S0
to |150 per month salary paid our graduates; j
our fcix schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
aad evening session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 20 OFarrell st.
TAILORS wanted to learn cutting; most mod-
era eysum taught by practical cutters of 23
years' experience. KOSS & STTEGELER,
School Practical Cutting, r. 59. 816 Market.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; 8 we*k»
complete: position guaranteed: tuition earned
while learning. Call or write MOLER COL»
LEGE. C 44 Clay st.. near Kearny.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third «t.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
ABSOLUTELY the best magarine ever put In
the field for canvassers and agents. 801
Scott - Van Aradale bidg.. 73S Mission st
BOOKKEEPER wanted for planing mill; ex-
perienced ; state references and salary ex-
pected. Box 5802. Call.
WANTED— A young man to drive a butchei
wagon and work in sbop; must be experi-
enced; references required.' Box Cll7. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: S weeks completes;
tuition earned while learning. Call or write
GILLMAN'S COLLEGE. C 27 Clay st.
W ANTED— Office boy about 16 years old.
Box 4000. Call. .
WANTED— 3 laborers. Eighteenth and Rail-
road ayes. i
HELP WANTED—MALE— ContInned.
A— MURRAY * READY. 634-636 CTay St.
Phone Main 6348.
OFFICE HOURS. 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
i This new system gives employers* a chance to
pbone us until 10 p. m.
v Likewise
All can call after their day's work.
Our Own ; Printing
Plant Issues our free list of positions
four times dally— 7 a m.. 10
a. m., 1 p. m., 4 p. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION.
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP DO AS OTHERS DO.
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay St.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Phone Main 6548.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
W« gave in 1904 1905 we hope to
64.000 m«n work. Increase «4.000.
Wo do not supply female help, but we do
supply men and wives for all classes of work. 1
WE SPEAK THE
German, French. Italian. Portuguese. Span-
ish. Slavonian, Scandinavian and Greek lan>
guagvs.
FREE FARE
TO-DAY.
FREE FARE.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK
NEVADA STATE.
*75 MONTH. $73 MONTH.
155 laborers, steady Jobs.
155 teamsters, steady jobs. '
FEE $1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FREE FARE.
NEVADA STATE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. FREE FARE.
Teamsters. $2 25 day.
MURRAY - READY. 634-836 Clay »t.
A— TO 84 DD7FERENT
WOODS.
SAWMILLS, YARDS.
BOX FACTORIES, PLANING MILLS. ETC.
NORTH. EAST. ' SOUTH.
365 laborers for various positions, no experi-
ence wanted. $35. $40. $45 and found.
16 lines pullers. 18 swampers.
8 tawyrrs. 2 shingle jointers.
3 Icgway men. 16 axmen.
8 edgennen. \u25a0 5 cutoff sawyers.
3 sash and door bench hands. Tenoner hand.
4 mill bench hands. 3 carriage trimmers.
18 men to peel tanbark. 4 graders.
12 crosscutters. 3 tall edgermen.
167 lumber pliers. Band sawyer.'city.
2 carriage tetters. The wages for above
men run from $35, $40. $50. $60. $70. $50. $90.
$100. $120 per month and found, located in
all parts of California, Oregon. Arizona.
Come see.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MARRIED.
Teamster and wife, cook 3 men, coa) yard,
$45 and found.
4 farmers and wives. $40 and $50 and fd.
3 milkers and wives, $50 and $60 and found.
Man and wife, man as choreman, wife cook
2 people. $40 and found. '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «*.
r* LABORERS— YOU'LL SUIT.
About a steam shovel, special railroad fare.
$75 a month.
355 men for new railroad company work,
$2 $2 25. $2 60 a day.
26 laborers to hflp unload cars, free fare, $60.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
664 men for S3 different places; some Jn
San Francisco, others all over California; at
mines, grading streets, quarries, building
dame, excavating, pulling down old build-
ings, helping build new ones: in factories,
foundries. yards. manufacturing plants,
warthouses. etc., $2 50 and $2 day.
Teameters to haul, grade, etc.. $2 50. $2 25
and $2 day.
121 Italian laborers in San Francisco, $2 25
day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. c
aZI free fare to
railroad and tunnel work.
27 Different Plac*s.
553 men for different jobs; graders, splkers,
drillers, hammermen, ballusters, pick -- ana
shovel laborers, Eection extra gangs, powder
men, scraper teamster, muckers, etc., $3 50,
$3. *2 75, $2 50 and $2 day. Come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HARVEST AND HAY FIELDS.
S«J men for harvest fields, sack sewer», team-
sters, haul grain, men on harvesters, hay
balers, etc.. $3 50. S3. $2. $1 50 day and fd.
Bt> haymakers. $1 25. $1 50. $1 75 day and fd.
ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
AND HOME FARMS. STEADY JOBS.
i SJi tfameters, 1 and 2 horses, different places,
$30 and $35 and found.
4 plow teamsters, steady jobs. $32 50 found.
6 teamsters, stock ranches, steady, $1 50 day
and found.
DAIRYMEN.
46 milkers, $40. $35. $.'iO and found.
CHOREMEN AND BOYS.
18 choremen and boys for ranches, $30. $25,
$20, $15 and found.
4 choremen. private country residence, $20,
$25 and found.
STABLEMEN.
6 hostlers, buggy washers, harness cleaners
. and floormen. $70. $60, $5o and $35 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
BLACKSMITHS.
36 blacksmiths, horseshoers. floormen,
wagon and carriage men. machine black-
emiths. etc., located all over California. In-
cluding many in San Francisco, some In
mines, camps, custom shops, stags . lines,
ranches and eawmllls. foundries, tunnels, etc ;
wages $4. $3 75, $3 50, $3, $2 60 day; also
12 helpers. $2. $2 25. $2 N) day. Call and
ask about them.
PAINTERS, ETC.
3 carriage painters. $3 50 day.
3 brass molders. 9 hours, $3 day.
5 buffers and polishers.
6 curriers, country tannery. $2 25 day.
Brick kiln setter, $2 50 day; mortar mixer.
8 coopers. 10c barr*l.
Brlrk kiln setter. *2 60 day.
House structural worker, extra good job.
J2 iron moldert. different places. $3 a day.
BRICKLAYERS — CORNICE MAKERS.
18 bricklayers, free fare $5 to $6 a day.
12 cornice makers and tinners, free fare, 6dc
hour: overtime tlnve and a half.
12 asphaltum rakers, city. $75 up to $4 day
Brick setter. Hoffman kiln.
Tank builder, galvanized iron, $3 a day.
ENGINEER.
Paperbanger, $2 25; painter. $2 50. •
2 painters, city job. housework, $3 50 day.
Ruler, city printing office.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MINES— GOLD— SILVER— MINES. ~
k MINES— COPPER— COAU-fMINES.
2 shaft miners, gold mine, fare ?4. $00.
2 mucker* for gold mine, Nevada State, $76.
Tool sharpener, Nevada State, g. m.. $105.
2 miners, dry quarts gold. Lessen Co., $90.
4 "muckers, dry quartz, Laseen County. $75.
5 miners, fare COc, ?75.
Laborer, run cars at mine, $1 40 day found.
4 Italian miners, boss here, also a cook.
6 gTavel miners, boss here, northeast, $75.
12 laborers, build roads, northeast, $45 fd.
15 machine miners, fares $2 90, $4, $5 $30
to $105. .
19 single and double hand, fare $4, $90-$75.
12 soft rock miner*, fare $3, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS AND MILLWRIGHTS.
26 carpenters, long job, fare flOe, $3 60 day.
6 finishing carpenters, fare sOc. $4 day.
12 carpenters, different city jobs, $2 50
$3 50. $4 day.
25 bridge carpenters. lumber company, fare
$2, |75 and found.
12 car builders, lumber company, fare $1 60.
$75 and found.
8 rough carpenters, fare 90c, $2 60 day up.
Carpenter, finishing work, fare $1, $3 60
day up.
MILLWRIGHTS.
14 millwrights, lumber company. $3 day fd.
. Carpenter for mine. $3 26 day.
Foreman, carpenter, tank erecting. $4 day.
Bench hand, work from detail $3 50 dsy.
CENTRAL AMERICA. GUATEMALA.
25 carpenters, free fare. $180 month.
29 laborers to help carpenter*. $C 0 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay »t.
A^ HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
THIS IS THE WEEK.
We will send to the springs and resorts.
LOOK.
14 cooks for city and country jobs, $40, $50,
$60. $75.
6 second and third cooks and broilers. $15
week and $33 and found.
12 waiters. $25. $50. $35. $40 and found.
4 waiter boys, little experience. $20 found.
UCLL AND ELEVATOR BOYS.-
BEOMAKERS AND WINDOW CLEANERS.
5 porters, city and country hotel*. $23 and
$20 and found. .
16 dishwasher* and potwashers, $30, $25 and
$20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN'
Laundryman., email, easy job. $25 to $50 fd.
Starcher and lroner, fare, $2 day and found. ,
12 different laundrymen, $2, $2 50 day.
Chef cook, hotel. $90; 4 waiters. $32 50.
4 short-order cooks.
Baker. Colusa County. $8 week and found. •
COOKS, r COOKS. COOKS.
Cook. men. orchard, fare $1 60. $30 found.
Cook, small board ing-houee. fare $2, refer- :
encea, $30 and found.
Cook, email, easy, city job, to start $40 fd.
Cook, nice, small hotel, fare $3. $50 found.
,- LUMBER COMPANY.
Cook. $40 to $50 found; waiter, $30 found. •
both fare* paid. . • •
* • . . : : LOOK.
Cook for a railroad camp. $60 and foand: :
TOGETHER.
Cook. $65; waiter. $25 found; far* 20o; hotel .
Job. " .
Second cook. Government position. $30 found. '
Waiter, Government position, $25 found. " •
Cook, plain boarding-house, fare $1, $50 fd '
Cook, hay press. 5 men, 1 60 c fare, $30 found.
Second cook, camv, fare $140, $50 found. ;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :
Dishwasher, run a machine, city, $30 found
launch man who can tend bar, $10 50 week.
Waiter. $35, city hotel. r -. - \ .
Waiter boy or man, dredger, far* 60c, 6
men, $20 and found.
",-:-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '- k; : .-- ;v . a .-v--- j -": \u25a0 - \u25a0•: \u25a0 . -.. - .. .. ;• \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
THE: SAN; FRANCISCO /CALII, FRIDAY, JULY\7, J 1905:
I -El^3|p^: Small Ad Patrons FREE
I THIS TIMELY OFFERINGIS 8 INCHES IN DIAMETER—
I OF THE SAME FINE APPEARANCE ATO AS .;. '
I OUR PREVIOUS C^ASSWARE PREMIUMS. AT THIS ; -; '
I SEASON: SUCH A GIFT IS OR^ VALUE" •
I GREATLY ADD TO ' /
I ANY TABLE DECORATION. .. .• .. .. .. ..
1 Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
I Thursday, Friday or Saturday
_LJS SUNDAY CALL,
I No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O'Clock Saturday Night,
! I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE I OAKLAND OFFICE I
I Third and Market Sts. 1016 Broadway
HELP, WAJVTED— MALE— Continued.
Night clerk, city; good job.
2 cooks, surveying outfit. 8 mm. $40 and fd.
Cook for a camp, 10c fare, . $40 and found. .
2 camp waiters. . fare £6c. $25 and fd.
Watchman and foreman, city Institution, $25
and found. \u25a0 .1 -.
Cook, Government Institution, $60.
LAUNDRY. \u0084
2 fancy starch ironers, boss here, $2 day.
' 3 etarch Ironers. $9 to $12 week.
Polisher and starcher, fare $1 60, $2 50 day.
4 starch Ironers. fare $2, *60. .- -
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 Clay st.
5 HAY BALERS. 15c TON AND FOUND.
6 handy men, city store, $12 ' week.
Choreman, care of chickens, $30 and found.
Woodchopper and wife.
Elderly man and 'wife,' Redwood City.. $30
and found. - - \u25a0
Boy to work on lathe and picket machine,.
$26 and found. . •
Shingle jointers. Sonoma' County, $40 and fd.
Butcher, young man, 60c fare, $30 and fd.
Butcher, fare M, $40 and found. ; \u25a0 :
Man run header steam harvester, $75 and fd.
.. .. OX TEAMSTKK • ...
Oxen or bull teamster, $70 : an* ' found.
4 hfirneiss cleaners, a buggy washers. $60..
Cook and wife, small hotel, fare 's 3, $00 fd..
MURRAY & READY. «34-636 Clay at.
GOING — -GOING
' To Santa Cms County; SPECIAL FARE.
60 men, you can do 'the work. $00 a' month.
MURRAY & READY. C 34-030 Clay st. -
FREE FARE, B. P. R. R. — -
25 extra Bang laborers. • \u25a0
MURRAY- A READY, 634-936 Clay st.
WANTED— A boy, 15 to 18 years old, who Is
willing to do light work, about a ranch
house in exchange for his board and a sum-
mer outing; must be willing to wash dishes
(4 In family) and know how. to milk a cow.
harness, drive and ride a, horse; no drudgery
will be required, but the boy must be willing.-
. wldeawakn'and not a loafer; such a boy cai(
have' a pleasant home, good food and '«.
".pleasant vacation free of any expense what-
ever; not a summer resort. ;: Address at onca
box-008. Call.. ..\u25a0 .-.:\u25a0'": : '\u25a0:. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-".;
WANTED— Men, to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, silec-,
trie light In every room. 6SI Howard, nr. Cd.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, $1 and $1 »0
pair; foot-form shoes/ f2 CO; we pay. express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bidg.; open till 8 pm;
SMART boy about 15 : :> office work; good
chance for advancement. Box 6813. - Call. - v
MEN to go' on j ships '.to Australian * and other
ports. At HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st. :\
AN enjoyable | profitable outing; j pick] hops \u25a0 In
' August, s Particulars later. -: .:. \u25a0- -y-. .>'
WANTED— Men > to learn barber trade free.
Ban Francisco Barotr College, 741 A' Howard.
PENSION atty., B. A. Bullis, r/40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo, H.» Thomas Post, Q. A.-.R. : c?
LABOR? debts collected: t suits, ;- attachments.
. -Law and Adjustment ; Co.; ? 49 2d St., > r.- 622.'
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25:
to 60c.- 11 Third St., Examiner building.
WINCHESTER Hotel.- 44 Third St., near-Mar-
. ket — 700 rooms; -35c night; reading rooms;
' •' free bus and baggage to s.nd from ferry. ;V;>»;
ADVERTISEMENTS." subscriptions recelvad at
Call branch office,' cor/ Duncan and Church sts =
HELP, WANTED— -MA LE-i-Contlnuea.
SAILORS and ' young men ' (green . hands) for
»n'ns. HALI^BERT. 017 Jackson st.
A BRANCH office o f The Call for th« reception
' of .advertisements -and subscriptions has been
opened at I lOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open nntll 11 p. m. .. ' \u25a0\u25a0• , . *.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
WANTED —^Experienced newspaper .solicitors.
Apply 54 San Pablo a ye., Oakland. Cal.
FOL'R good solicitors wanted, men or women,
' for a fraternal' ordtr'. Apply 732 Hayes at.
\u25a0 _^.^j£. HOBSKS^AND^WAGONS. __
ON account, of retiring from business I will
offer my stable and. contents.. In. flrst-clask
order; '.lS horses. 2 saddle ponies,' weil brok*
and trained. .SE. cor. Washington A Maple..
AT a bargain— lB laundry and wagons
for sale; fine rubber-tire runabout; 5 traps;
hand-mad* .wagons and buggies of all kinds
at KUEIBER'S. 1003-5 Folsom st. ' :
SAN Frunclsco Veterinary College next session
will begin July 17; catalogue free.- DR. B. J.
CREELY. president.. slo Golden Gate aye.
A— MUST be sold; 2 good young driving horses;
one team of bay: horses. 1250 lbs. 411 Sixth.
STYLISH pony; ' new oak cart and . harness. '
> • 1400 . Guerrero \u25a0st; 3 :"'j. > -^'- \u25a0* \u25a0'--\u25a0 \u25a0'. ; '_ - ; .'.'\u25a0-- \u25a0 ,
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st. ,
FOR sale— One 3-ton wagon, one 4, one B-
platform wagon.' .233 Beale gt. .:
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
. gocart for, aale, cheap. 532 Mission st. . .-\u25a0'.-:'
NEW and second-hand wagons sold cheap. 1680
\u25a0 .-:•\u25a0 Mission ; »t.. naar Thirteenth. - \u25a0/ - .: -: -:\u25a0 :,• * ,-
CHEAPEST and. best In America — The Weekly |
Call,- 10 pages>- sent -to ; any : address In. the
TTnltfd States nr- Canada one year for tl. ;
v HOUSES . '.. TO^L_?T.--j --\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0.':\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'•
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
' cular. G. H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH. 8215— House "5 rooms, bath.'
basement and /-yard.' \u25a0'-,' Inuutre - upstairs ' on
»*' '-- corner.' \u25a0 •'- -X \. '::.:*;.. \u25a0\u25a0•';' ' : :.-' ; ;:*^ \u25a0 : ;: : '\u25a0"' '\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0': "\ ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0.
TWO house* on Broadway, > near Gough * st. :
- 17C7 ofi 0 rooms. $55; ITCfI of 8 rooms, $43;
\u25a0; \u25a0 choice \u25a0 location and \u25a0 marine Tiew. -:
HOVSSS jTOjLJET^^tTRWJIjmE^:
$30^-7 i SUNNT rooms ! and bath : nice /garden ;
: MO to B p. m.v/118fi No* »t; near' 2sth.' -? «
[.':•\u25a0 "}'<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. •;/..• . ..;.;. \u25a0\u25a0-
A— 4% TO 6% ON^DEPOSIT VeRTIPICATES.
- - /Withdrawal at Pleasure. ' \-» -
- SAN -FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
: ">< HOME s SOCIETY.
sth Floor.- TOB. Market St.. S. F.,rCal. ,
• Guarantee . Capital l $600,000. r All subscribed.
. ' •- OFFICERS ,'AND : DIRECTORS : r z".-- :.i: \u25a0
HonT' 'Jam.- G. Marulre..Ex-U.'. S. Congressman
•Hon. \u25a0: _.' r X.' Tay10r.". . . ..:. Ex-State 1 Senator
Chas. 'A;'Murdock..Pre«.* C. A.:Mnrdoek A Co i
'- - J." M " Duke .:: ... Assoc.* Chas. • Webb I Howard
- ' Allen ' M. • CUy. ... .Secy. Bank of California
> Joseph A. ' Leonard ....... .General - Madaor
INVESTMENTS— Continued. \u25a0
TO-DAY.
I Why not Invest In th« Tonopah . Berkeley
and Colonial Gold Mining Companies. \u25a0 while
.the price Is low? • * •_• ...
The value of the ore - coming from these
mine* Is ' Astonishing. Call and see samples
of ore: or write for circulars, maps, etc.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
Suite 874-876-878 James Flood bidg.
Telephone - John 2421., ' '. ..
San Francisco. Cal.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturer of the
Ramos tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775:
! LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— July 4. in vicinity "of Lake Merrltt/
' .Oakland. ' ladles' open-faced key-winding
watchand pin --Reward at H. E.
HADLEY'S. 8208 Adeline St.. 'Berkeley. -
LOtiT — Bet. 'Odd Fellows' , bids, and Emporium.
. a- fraternity pin:- name H.vW.' Darling, v Re>
\u0084 turn room 3. ' Odd Fellows* bidg. : reward.
LOST — Near Palace Hotel/black Spanish lacs
scarf about 2 yards long.' Return to City of
. Paris Dry Goods Company;' reward. .-- - \u25a0
LOST— Monday night, brown collie and white
: ..\u25a0'.' wire-half terrier dogs; return and receive re.
; ward. Baths, Harbor View Park. '
LOST— GoId locket: monogram E. O. H.; jew-
eled i fly : • suitable reward. . Return to .21 «7
.-Hayes st. -.--.'\u25a0 " : "w -\u25a0- -\u25a0;.;
LOST— A r gocart on Fell si. Return to 1578
:: Fell st. and get reward. I: „., : : -
LOST — July 6, lady' a gold hunting case watch;
:.' name '"Maude.". 132:$ Masonic sve.: reward.
LOST — Small address book: liberal" reward.* Re-
.'\u25a0: turn'Stelnberger AKallaher.- OOP Mission st.
; LAUNCHES -FOR HIRE. *
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH i CO.; - foot of Clay
; «t.; r for pleasure and ; business ; • tal. : Bush 634.
"musical instruments. ; \u25a0\u25a0-,.. ..:^
BEST renting stock ln-the-dty; good uprights
_tat>M per mo. ; some ! at $2 60; our own. make,
'S3- one year's rental' allowed -off purchasn
; price. SCOTT-CURT AZ. 560 Hayes st.
A LARGE ' stock "of standard pianos ; all I more
- or • less used: prices $65 up. . BENJAMIN
. CURTAZ , A SON. : 16 O" Farrell I st. ; Chlcker-
.",' ing agency. ; --.'\u25a0\u25a0 ."\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0,
WILL sacrifice 1 fins Stelnway if sold this week.
r'. sB4? Valencia st: ' : :;,\'':.-* r«7~.\. :\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0.\u25a0 : - ...*
LEFT on sale; Fischer, piano; $97. . 584 Val«n- ;
';.:Cla r <t.'.-'..-:" ; .' \u25a0 '\u25a0"' ' :'-*' "\u25a0---• : v>. - : : J '' ' .\u25a0-. -'.
ALMOST given • away; i unredeemed storage pl-
. anos, -;furn.;-Whltehead'B storage. 1636 Mkt."
ELEGANT, uprights,* new A 2d-hand,s4s to $500.
; Pierces Piano Factory, ; Market and 14th. sta.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos,' Cecllian piano
ry player, a BYRON? MAUZY. : 308-312 Post at. .'
NEW.' Upright "pianos sold ton $5 monthly pay-
V ments.;. SCHMITZ A C 0. ,: 16 McAllister st. • •
MUSICAI. INSTRUMENTS— Continued.
3-PEDAL Stein way up; Chtckerlng baby grand.
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 255 O* Farrell.
medical;
LADIES who are in trouble or . suffering from
any aliment peculiar to their, sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
who has devoLed a lifetime to helping wom-
en \u25a0 17 years* experience without a failure has
put Mm at the head. \u25a0 He guarantees relief
or no pay ;\ one visit at ofnc* is necessary;
don't waste* time. by writing- _ '
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR G W O'DONNELL— Ladies, all who are
sick or In trouble/consult this specialist on
female complaints .-.positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difflciUt' cases
treated; every case taken; Immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will «urs all cases of irregularity: consult m«
save time and money; advice free. Office.
1018 Market St.; hours. 9 a. m. till 9 p. m.
VRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
• complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. >»44 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable ipeclatlst for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief .guaranteed., Office hours 0 to 5. Sunday
10t0,2., 1008 y» Market at., opposite Fifth.
A— DR. WEST can be found at his old address,
office and residence. 611 A Leavtnworth st..
bet. Geary and CFarrell. Phon» East 687.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER, 6UA Leavenworth st.
bet. Geary and O* Farrell. Phon« East 607.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured la
24 hours; 10 years' experience without a fail-
ure: no trifling; strictly private; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 H Market St.. : bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar, attention paid to diseases of women.
DRB GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable,
safe, prompt, for female Irregularities; relief
or; no fee; |10; brs. 9-8. 850 Mkt. aw suit* 87
PHYSICIAN FOR WOMEN. DR. R- H. WES-
TON. 305 KEARNY ST.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 112« Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st., corner
Twenty-sixth: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-11)7 'Fremont at.
FOR sale — New \ and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments: we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar flx-
turesr cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 625 Mission St.. 3. T.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; s«e Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-182 Beale st.
LARGEST stock In city; second-hand belting,
also planing mill machinery, engines, boilers
and electrical machinery. JOHNSON A
HORAN. 603 Third st.
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting and pulleys bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG A CO.. 805 Market St.;
phone South 87. . . . •
FOR sale — the complete fixtures for a saloon;
everything In good shape; coot $000; will
sacrifice If sold at once. E. HESEN, 1177
Howard st. " ' . •
DOUBLE dissolving stereoptlcon outfit for sale:
complete with calcium light apparatus, gas
tank, screen and slides; price $100: cost
$400. Apply 1427 Larkln st.
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gine;, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 836 Main St. '
TRY our men's shots at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d «.. Exam, bid.: catatog free.
BIRDS— Pets boarded;- dogs bathed, groomed;
kind treatment:- remedies; yard. 340 Me-
Alllster. St. '\u25a0\u25a0:*-•\u25a0;\u25a0
A— GENTB full", drtss "suits -to rent. -J.
COOPER.' 21 Stockton st., second flocr.
A 12x12 and 12x16 PORTABLE campln* cot-
tagf. Al condition. $50-suo.*Box 6863. Call.
ARMY shoes. $1 55: U. 8. navy flannel shirts.
$12'>: open eve. U. 8. Mech. Store. 574 4th.
LAUNCH. 28 feet. 6-foot beam. 10-horsepower
engine. Ing. at Adams', barber shop. Tlboron.
CANVAS and- tents rented- or sold- far Fourth
of ' July. . Ross-McMahon Co.. 33 Market st.
TWO merry-go-rounds; one -miniature rall-
way. BACIOALUPI. 80S Kearny at. \u25a0 . ...
HIGH grade 2d-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLB fiAFE CO.. 218 California.
SAFES — New . and second-hand. -THE HER-
MANN. SAFE CO.; 417-27 Sacramento st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bidg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material; The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. DULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
PHONOGRAPHS and talking machines of all
descriptions ' repaired; expert workmanship.
LYSTER.- 320 Eddy st.
VIOLIN suitable for a lady; small model; good
tone; at. moderate price. Address R. C, box
7402. Call office. . - \u25a0 •
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento.
WILL pay. highest prices for all klmi.V good
castoff clothing. • 922 Folsom: teL Jessf« 440.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. The
Dolan Co.. 1007 Market St.; phoiw Jessie 2921.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for cash. Karl Eber
& CO.. 400-4QI Adams bidg.. 208 Kearny st.
• ~ MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5Vi AND « PER CENT
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
....; PROPERTY .... ....;..
• Second mortgages. , life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased. :
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-IUS Crocker bidg.; phone Main 5024.
R. McCOLGAN,\
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building. \u25a0
Third floor. Examiner entrance. ,
Deal directly with lender and save expense.
Loans any. amount at 5Vi and & per cent
On first. - g«c.ond . and third mortgages,
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided interests In estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
I'hon« \Uin 5516.
AA— ' MONEY TO LOAN
. On 'furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts or
security of any \u25a0 kind, : without removal: we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN in the
WORLD: -payments to • SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE; In case of SICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOAN;
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.
This Is a TRUST COMPANY: our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
fused: CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rooms 15-
16. ; 759 Market St.. opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~TT~~
. «01-«302-(JO3 Examiner building.;
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
• ests. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, . life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. ' ....
Courteous treatment. . Strictly confidential .
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
i. .WILL LOAN r-V,
A reasonable amount on -, ..
Ist, 2d or! 3d
Mortgages en real estat*.
.";,V >-•".- In : city, : town or country.
Low . rat* of interest. \u25a0
\u25a0: Give lull oartieulars
- of property,
\u25a0',->\u25a0\u25a0-- Location, etc.
> f \u0084 Box 223. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
- liberal- advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest.; Baldwin Jewelry Store.
J , 878 - Market st. . tel. Main 1644. - Branca. 11»2
Market st. and 27 Third gt. \u25a0\u25a0> \u25a0 . > -.--:-
SALARY LOANS-=" - " - \u25a0-'•'\u25a0 ... :''-\u25a0
Money loaned salaried people without security
.or Indorsement, -knowledge .'of 'employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms.. Drake. 453 Parrott bidg.
A — ON - furniture or pianos at lowest' rates; , no
. removal: •no - publicity; - also on real estate:
•Ist or 2nd mortgages or on any security: any
amount. '< O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY: loaned to talariea people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, 'boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large busio?«s In 40
\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0/principal cities. TOLMAN." 553 P»>>t bidg.
ORIGINAL' Uncle Bill— lf. you look. •>.•' k/we«
'\u25a0• rate of Interest 1 and . squart ; deal. **Kd Flcou
Ibid..*. Boo Market., cor. 4th, mite l;e>t. 1368.
A—ONE • per fesnt • per -month on \u25a0 valuables.
. .PORTLAND JEWELRY C 0. .'25 Stockton st.
XNY amount."- 1 real r> estate » or : other .' security:
$100 up."- W.. J. : WHITE, 2« Mon t*om«ry, r. 8."
MOMEY TO LO AX— Contlnned. \u25a0 | ;
ANY amount quickly on : furniture or piano •'•
without removal or other security; lowest
rates:, no commission; confidential. 500-7
Donohue bidg.. 8 Taylor St.. ecrner Market. gjj
ALVA CO. (The) loans money to silaried pe-iy •
- without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security. 507 Flood bid?.
MONEY to loan at a low rate, of Interest; gold. E
stiver, diamonds, paarls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LOANS on diamonds, watches and jewelry:"
private offices. 400-401 Adams building, 209
Kearny st. Globe Mercantile, and Loan Co. „..
SALARIED people without security; also on —
furn.. estates In probate, life Ins. policies, etc.
. Empire Loan A Invent. Co.. 612 Parrott bids, r
MONEY. Money. Money. \u0084. *
Any proposition, 49 2d st. Weila-Fargo Ex-
press bidg. Wags Earners' Invt. A Loan Co.
LOANS — Salaried people: "confidential"; 2 p«*r
cent; chattels, etc 456 Montgomery.* r. 3K ;
DON'T borrow money on salary until you »c*
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 812 Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried people without security. The Whll*
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15. I
SALARIED people on note. S. BY DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelan bidg. Private.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bidg. •
• MONET WANTED.
TWO young men holding good positions want
loan of $350 for good business opening; will .
pay 8 per cent: mortgage, security or pay-
ments as desired. Box 6350. Call.
FLAT loan of $2300 on good real estate s?-
curity. Box 1065. Call office. Oakland.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET..
TO let — An elegant flat over a drug store In
th 4 Mission; well adapted for a dentist or a
doctor; rent moderate. Box SS3S,. Call.
FRONT offices to let— 7s9 Market st.. first
floor, opposite Phelan building; modern con-
veniences.
A SPECIAL discount of 50 per cent off.
My usual reasonable prices for balance of \u25a0
this month In order to reach the tourists: t
positively guarantee to restore the beautiful
. contour of the face; remove, flabby and un-
sightly double chins by my own original, scl- .
entitle method; Investigate Immediately; con-
sultation and beauty booklet free.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
12S Geary st.
Remember. 50 per cent off this month only-?-'
"REXRADIO'S" one treatment cured my>
"rheumatism." Prof. Mason. 759 Market st.
"REXRADIO" quickly mastered my "Pa-'^ \u25a0
ralrsts." A. Robinson. 60S Adams bidg;,
Kearnv. . . ..\u25a0•
"REXRADIO'S" 3 treatments cured my cancer*
. (recently). f'f-'F. me at office daily. '\u25a0:
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O" MAY CURB YOU
AFTER ALL OTHERS HAVE FAILED. ,
CONSULTATION FREE. HOURS: 2TO 6,
SUITES 1 TO 4. 500 KEARNY ST.
STAR Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp, no stain or stickiness;, j
cleanses scalp; druggists; hairdressers: ac-
cept no substitute. Star Rem. Co.. 133S FSlic.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', j
London Tsllor. 721 Market st.
8 BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost \u25a0
$25. for $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
50 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards prepaid
50c. BACIGALUPI. 786 Mission St.-
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weakly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news fcr 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $\ per y<»ap
~ propositions wanted.
DO you want to sell your real estate or bust-
ness, or exchange your property? If so. list
It with u» at once: we have a large clientage.
not only In California, but In Eastern cities
as well. Hundreds of Inquiries received
every week for properties and business of all
kinds. We believe In printer's. Ink and ad-
vertise* properties listed with us all over tho
State and In the Eastern papers aa well. Re-
sult, quick sales and satisfied clients. Any
amount of money to loan on real estate In
San Francisco. Oakland. Alameda or Berke-
ley. W. J. MORGAN A CO..
Investment Bankers.
79 New Montgomery st. ,
CrossJey building. San Francisco.
PILES CURED.
PILES. FISTULA.- etc.— Cured to stay cured:
only humane cure; no knire. danger or hind-
rance to business: 7000 cured; why not you:
no salve 'proposition: Investigate. THOMAS
J. KISNER. M. P.. Columbian bidg.. 3. F.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. _
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All ills-
eases cured by Chinee herbs. 746-3 Clay »t.
PATENTS. . ;„
INVENTIONS patented: U. S. and foreign;
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 832 Market »C
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for corn brooms and scrubbing:
brushes — Depot Quartermaster's Office. 3tt
New Montgomery st,. San Francisco, Cal.,
July 5, IUC3 — Sealed proposal*. In duplicate.'
subject to the usual conditions, will be re-
ceived at tMs office until 10 o'clock 'a. m.
Friday. August 4, 19« a, • Pacific standard
time, and then ODened. for furnishing- for
. delivery at the San Francisco depot. 3tH*>
corn brooms and ICOO scrubbln* brushes, to
conform to existing standard samples and
speclflVatlona. The United States r^s»nn>3
\u25a0\u25a0 the right to accept or reject any or all bids,
or any part thereof. Information and blank
proposals will be furnlahe<t on application.
Envelopes containing propos4l9 to be marked:.
"Proposal No. 2410. to be opened Ausrust 4.
19M6." and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Quartermaster. C. S. A., Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS fcr purchase of calfskin shoes —
Centra! depot. Quartermaster's Department.
North American building. Philadelphia, July
1 1905. Sealed proposals, in triplicate, sub-
ject to conditions stated in circular to bid-
ders, copies of which can be had upon ap-
plication to this efflce. will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. Monday. July 31. lftflS.
for the -purchase of 134. 4«5 -pairs of calfskin
shoes. Blanks for proposals and full Infor-
mation' wi!!' be furnished open application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be indorse
"Proposals for purchase of shoes," and ad-
dressed to Lieutenant Colonel J. W. POPE.
Deputy Quartermaster Geniral, V. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster. '
BENICIA Arsenal. Cal.. July 1. 1905— S«aled
proposals In duplicate will be received her«
until 12 o'clock m. Auguat 1. 1905. for th«
purchase of condemned Blmms-Dudley dyna-
mite guns and carriage*. Gatlinic run car-
riages, cavalry, artillery and Infantry equlp-
nwnts.' Spr<n«rfleld rifles, etc. Catalogues of
these stores can be had on apDlication .to
the commanding officer.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
McKINLEY Orphanage, 3841 Nineteenth st.,
San Francisco. Cai. — The following children
have been admitted to the orphanage from
April' 1. 1803. to June SO. 19C5: Edwin W.
Davis aged 8 years 8 months: Loren H. La-
pum "a^etl 4 years « months (admitted Feb-
ruary 13. 1905) ; Milton H. Lapura. aged »
years 5 months (admitted February 13. 13US):
Albert J. Marshall, aged 4 years 3 months:
David Marshall, agtd 1 year fl months: Eliza-
beth Marshall, aged J years 8 months; Jo-
seph Marshall, aged 3 years; Un*tU Slgnor-
eilo. ag«d.7 years 7 months: Providence Sig-
norello. aged 10 yeao. MRS. L. R. COUR-
NEEN. Matron. \u25a0
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of . 520 Lake street. San Fran-
cisco, has received the ' following orphan. -
half-orphan and abandoned girls from April
1 to July 1. 1905: Frances P. Chllda.lt>
years & months: FlOTenc* Babcock. 4 years
and 10 months; Edith Lohman. 11 years and
5 months: Naiaro S. Ayoob. 3 yean and 5
months; Ellena M. Miller. 1 year and I
months. ,
THE following children have been admitted to
the Ban Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: Minnie Creamer, female, age 1O
years, orphan: Joseph Slgmund Janas, male.
age 5 years, .orphan -.Emily K. Watklns. fe-
male.ate S t years. •
. TO LEASE,
ANY portion of 60. C00 square feet; best bulld-
• Ings In city: three street frontages; perfect
light and ventilation; all modern conven-
iences; within five minutes' walk of ferry
buildings." Postofflw. Wells. Fargo & Co. and \u25a0
Call office: reasonable - rent: .IT you want
what ' you are looktnar " for \u25a0 see as.* * HUGH
KEEN AN CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. 30
Jt«sie St.. city. -—^p________,
• \u25a0 .; Contlnned on \u25a0 Psuce Fourteen. -
1314
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
* ECY ONB BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICK
fl 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
£225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; one grade:
cloye to school and Mlssion-st. electric cars:
bound to double In value.
$*00 oach on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes: fine lots; near Ocean boulevard: be6t
residence location south of Golden Gate Park;
these are the cheapest lots in this district;
advancing lv price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
2C Montgomery st.. r. S. Phone Main 5704.
CALIFORNIA Housexvrecklrg Company pays
the highest price fcr buildings and will wreck
the tame in from 10 to 20 days. Yard and
office, nonhwert corner of Mission and 10th.
COTTAGES, 4 and S rooms; terms same as
r«-nt. Apply owner lumber yard. GEOHGK
HGAN. Army end Condon sts.
FREE — Our booklet en plumbing: write AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 536 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale.
FOR~iALE By"S^E^~CONTRACTING
AND REALTY CO..
Redwood City. CaL
16 ACRES, improved, near splendid location;
time if wanted; JSSOO.
10 acre*, unimproved. one m jj e j rcra depct;
very cheap, only $2750.
Houee- tii.l lot 3 blocks from depot; $1000.
Lots in Boyd & Ktnt Tract; 3 years' time,
monthly payments, no Interest, no taxes; good
location.
Seven lots three blocks from courthouse; only
tsoo.
\u25a0 J. D. SMITH. Manager.
FREE- BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT. ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
goicery wt.. San Francisco. Cal.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
»>arga!n« in California. C. M. WOOSTER
CO.. CIS Marktt et.
S-ACRE Petaluma chicken ranch; 1200 chick-
fcs: terms to nult; no agents. Box 4057. Call.
BIG bargain; big stock ranch. C. M. WOOS-
•TER CO.. C4B Market mt.
PALO ALTO UK.il, ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL MAYBELL TRACT. SANTA
CLARA COUNTY.
Near Palo Alto, on main S. F. and San Jose
road. Don't fall to secure one of those
chclce 2 and 4 acre tracts; all planted to
fruit. They are selling fast. Nothing like
them on the penintula. Electric light and
city water for each tract. Full Informa-
tion and catalogues, of
CHATFIELD & VINZENT.
22S Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Or J. J. MORRIS & CO.. Palo Alto. CaL
POIVT RICHMOND REAL. ESTATE.
WATER front; near ship building yard and
011 company wharf: or any tract; few snaps:
terms. A. W. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.. S.F.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
A STRICTLY modern house. Pacific Heights;
12 or 13 rooms; large lot; marine view; de-
scribe property fully; cash price. Address
box 1063. Call office. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
LET us submit your property to our clients.
we have buyers for city real estate ranging
from ?2500 to ?250,000. Call at our offices
or drop us a line statins where our repre-
sentatives can see you.
S. W CROZIER COMPANY.
230 Crocker bldg. Phone Main 554.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
WHY pay rent? Buy a new modern .6-room
cottage; large lot; terms ?200 cash. $30 per
month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.. Ala.
FRUITVALE ADVERTSTS
FRUrTVAXE REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL high-class 6-room bungalow;
bargain; new; lawns; garden. Owner, 2603
Peralta aye.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
2113 Shattuck aye.
Phone Stuart 32. Berkeley.
Large tract of land right in Berkeley for
sale. As far "as we know this is the only de-
sirable tract of land that can be bought "as
a whole" In Berkeley. Can be subdivided and
scld promptly at good profit. Hundreds of
people are anxiously v.-tittng to buy lots as
soon as the tract is subdivided. The present
owners w!!l not subdivide, but will let It go
"as a whole" at a reasonable figure. See us.
I NEED THE MONEY— WiII sell my place on
Beavenue aye.; S rooms, bath, reception hall;
all modern; lot 41:Cx159:6; If this interests
you. tall early to-day; $4500. BIRDSALL &
CRAIG. 21t>7 Shattuck aye., at Berkeley
station. :... '\u25a0'---\u25a0
$1450 — GOOD cottage 6 rooms in West Berke-
ley; lot 32x135:2: block from cars; bath,
electric litrhis; street work done; 12 fruit
trees: must ecII. G. Verbeck. 121 Sutter st.
OAKLAND ADVERTOMTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A CUOICE variety of suburban homes, lots and
acreage; also Oakland. Berkeley and outside
properties. CHAPIN & BOOTH. 1263 Broad-
way, Oakland. \u25a0 - 7C : I .¥.
OAKLAND FURNITinRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture.
H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor, store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS for HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL Flats. 531 Turk— Housekeeping apart-
ments; 1, 2 and 3 rooms; furnished or un-
furnished at reasonable rates.
BRYANT, 421—1 or 2 eunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
CAPP. 217. bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth —
Sunny front alcove suite; clean; newly fur-
niched; sink- saa range; bath; other rooms -
rent reasonable.
DEVISADERO, SS7— 6 newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; sun all day; private family;
adult*. . \u25a0\u25a0
EDDY. 748— Elegant furnished eunny suites -
regular kitchens; private, quiet house.
EDDY, 1640. cor. Bourbon — Double parlors-
uae of kitchen; $20. ..->- . /
FOLSOM. 1203—3 separate suites; hot and cold
water, bath and yard; front.
FOURTEENTH. 706 — Furnished housekeeping
snd otber rcoms.
GEARY. 1044 — Two or three sunny unfur-
nished rooms; bath, phone; reference*.
HAVES, S54 — A large housekeeping room, with
use of kitchen. $9; gas, bath, phone.
JESSIE. 323 — Large front rooms, furnished-
gas; sink; en suite, single; $3 50-$2 week!
JONES, 507, corner O'Farrell — Housekeeping
rooms; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. £17% — Nicely fornlched sunny corner
room, with cas stove; reasonable.
LARKIN. 619% — Nic« sunny room; running
water: light hkpg. If desired; $10 month.
MISSION. 1251%. cor. Ninth— Two sunny front
mi.; adjoining kitchen; ccsl stove; sink; $14.
MISSION. 1349— Sunny front suite of house-
keeplng rooms: yard; $12.
NOE. 459 — Upper flat of 2 sunny unfurnished
bay -window housekeeping rooms; targe al-
cove; gas. bath, running water; closets; '
newly tinted; $15.
OAK. 117, or 14 Pa»"e— Complete hskpg; gas
range fr»e; hot bath, laundry; $1 25-$3 50 wk.
TWEXTT-FIFTH, 3344. cor. Capp — 3 house-
keeping rooms, pa nly furnished; rent $12.
WALLER. ' 71 — Newly furnished sunny suites
of rooms in new house; crand view.
WILL cell or rent 3 nicely furnished
room*, veparate fiat. 1312% Mission, near
Ninth.
APARTMENT HOUSES. __
A— ET. LAWRENCE APARTMENT— New,
modern building; furn. or unfura. apartments
of 2. 3. 4 rooms; private bathe: from $15 to
$35. Phone Main 5130. 1335 Mason et.
TO leese — Firet-cla*s apartment- house: n«w
. 112 rooms; S3 baths: Broadway, .' adjoining:
; iot.tof fice. Oakland. Address A. D. WIL-
SON. 1023 Broadway. Oakland. 4
A— KENILWORTK. cor. Bush. Powell; 3-room
sunny aprts.; single roomt; modern; rcas.
THE Rosirell, ISGO Plne^ — Four and ' two room
apartments for housekeeping; reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET — Fiirn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Room«
\u25a0 25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rcoms: open all night.
A— THE FREMONT.
New management; eunny rooms, single or en
suite. ISC4 Market St.: phone Mint 3431.
A— THE PIERRE. 579 O'FARRELL.
Beautifully furnished, light, sunny suite;
also single room; excellent care; low rent.
AT "'The Almonte." 573 Market St.. (or No. 1
Fifth Ft.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house cpen all'nlsht.
A— SAHLEIN <The). ccr. Bush and Polk: now
open; new building: rooms; priv. baths; read.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 112 C Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, 'running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week
lil'SH, 1338 — Sunny furnished rooms cheap;
Eas, bath, phone; near Lurline Baths.
ELLIS. 453— Large room for 2 or 4 yours men;
board if desired; very reasonable.
FOURTH. 271 — 100 rooms; all elzes and prices;
new. modern: hot and cold water.
Gf-'ARY. S78 — Sunny hall bedroom; $2 .per
week: also very larjre room.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 523 — Large sunny front
connecting end single rooms; rent reason-
able; private family. **
GRAND SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mlsslon-
10 1 rooms. 35c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $7 wk.
HOTEL Hamilton. 125 Ellis— New hotel, Just
opened; class "A"; steel building, strictly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and steam
heat in every room; rooms without bath, $1
per day; with bath, $1 50 to $3; reduced rates
by week or month.
HOTEL ET. KATHRYN, cor. Ellis and Leav-
worth — 300 rooms; modern and up-to-date:
light. Funny and airy; hair mattresses; free
baths; everything fresh and clean; single
rocms and baths; reasonable rates.
HOWARD. 715— Rooms, 25c to *1 per day; $1 50
to S3 per week: reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. 829— ROOMS. ROOMS; CLEAN.
CLEAN; TRANSIENT; REASONABLE.
HOWARD. 112tJ. The Burton — Fine new house.
SO rooms; all newly furnished with every
convenience: location central; rooms $1 25
week up; special Inducement to transients.
JONES. 700. cor. Post — Beautiful eunny front
double and single rooms; hot and cold water.
LEAVENWORTH. 712. near Post— Nicely fur-
nished. sunny room for gentleman; private
family.
MARKET. 1004 — One front room to rent; over
dental iiarlors; $12 week. ,
MARKET, 1542 (The* Idyl)— Single and en
suite, with private baths; hot and cold water
in every room: new and modern; reasonable;
phone South 79C 1
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third st. — 100
\u25a0•ingle and family rooms, 35c to $1 50 per day;
$2 to $•$ week; the only new and modern
IIOUI and • rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor: hot and cold
ivater, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In tvery room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and night to ltK guests.
NEPTUNE (THE). C 33 POST— JUST OPENED;
ELEGANTLY FURN. SUITES OR SINGLE
ROOMS; MODERN: PRIV. SALT WATER
BATHS. PHONE PRIV. EX.. EAST 722. .
RIO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third et.. near Howard
— New house, with all modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single; rates by day 5Cc
and up; by week. $2 and up.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room snd ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH, 43S% — Sunny front bedroom, newly
furnished.
THE FLORENCE. 102 Ellis, corner Powell—
Rooms, 50c and upward: first-class service;
special rates by week, to families.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market — 100
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $G week; elec-
tric lifihts <no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bue. baggage.
WOLF HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house In city: clean, neat;
charges reasonable; central location com-
mends It to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. H. yon der Mehden, prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d 6U nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rqoms,
25c to $1 50 nightly. $2 to $8 week; elevator;
dec lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market €t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND ROARD.
AA— HOTEL MARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy St.,
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date; light, sunny and airy; hair mattresses;
free baths; everything elegant, fresh and
clean, table unexcelled; rates very reason-
able; must be seen to be appreciated; locat-
ed la the heart of the city — 404 Eddy st. —
404. "Best meals In the city."
NICELY renovated sunny furnished rooms
with board; $4 50 and $5 week. 1 Martha
place, off Geary st., near Mason.
BUSH. IC2S — Best In city; walking distance;
all conveniences: reas:; table unexcelled.
EDDY, 1178, opp. Jefferson Park — Fine rooms:
best table board: reas. ; phene Jackson 156. .
OLIVE aye.. 5«> — One or two furnished rooms,
with or without board; terms reasonable.
Old Stevenson Mansion. 807 California St.; nsw
carpets and Interior: exceptional table; mod.
COUNTRY BOARD. _^
FARISH Cottage, Novato— Sunny rooms; board
$5 week; reduced rates; families; good fish-
Ing and bathing. MRS. FARISH. Novato.
' Ply ID END NOTI CES.
THE Central Trust Company cf - Califor-
nia. 42 Montgomery et., corner of Sut-
ter — For the half-year ending June 30, 1905,
a dividend has been declared en the deposits
in the savings department of this bank as
follows: On term deposits, at the rate of
3 ti-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3% per cent per an-
num, free of taxes, payable on and after
Saturday, July 1. 1905.
FRANK J. SYMMES, President.
DIVIDEND notlce^ — Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts.
Fcr the half year ending June 30, 1905, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and one-half (3%) per cent per annum
upon all deposits, free of taxes, payable lon
and after July 1. 1905. Dividends not called
for are added to. and bear the, same rate of
Interest as principal, from July 1, 1905. In-
terest Is allowed from date of deposit.
JNO. U. CALKINS. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months end- v
Ing Junn 30. 1905. dividends have been de-
clared on the deposits In the savings depart- "
ment of this company as follows: On term
depcelts at the rate of 3.6 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate ot
. 3H Per cent per annum, free of taxes and
payable en and after Saturday. July 1 *1905
. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-.THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. CONSOLIDATED. GIANT STA-
TION. CALIFORNIA— A dividend (No. .79)
of fifty cents per share on the Issued capi-
tal ptock of the company has been declared,
payable at the Ean Francisco offices cf tha
t company, rooms 202, 204 and 206, Kohl bldg.
on July 10, 1903. Transfer books close July
3. 1905, at noon. C. C. QUINN, Secretary. .
DIVIDEND notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 710 Market etreet. For the
half-year ending June 30. 1905, a dividend
has . been declared . at the rate of three and
a quarter <3«. i) per cent on all deposits, • com-
pounded eemt-annually, and free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday, July 1, 1905.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank. 628 Market
st., opposite Palace Hotel — Fcr the half-year
ending June 30. 1900, a dividend hag been
declared at the rate of .three and one-half
(3%) per cest per annum' on deposits, free of
all taxes, payable on and after Saturday,
July I. 1905. W. E. PALMER. Caahler.
DEBENTURE Surety Company. Rlalto bldg.,
corner Mission and New Montgomery sts.,
Ean l'*rariclßCo. Cal., hae declared a dividend
for June (No. 20) of five (5) cents T?er share
en its Issued capital stock. ' which will be
paid at office of the company, July 10. 1905.
DIVIDEND NOTICTB— A dividend of 15 per
cent wIK become due and payable to de-
positors of the Pacific Bank, at Room 177,
Crocker Building. 9th floor, on and after
July 11th. 1905. --
' J. HOWARD' BARNARD.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THREK complete sewing . machines .In . one ;
lock Ktitch, chain Ktitch. hem stitch; see. the
New Wblte No. 25, . the -j finest, most \u25a0 com-
|.lete and best sewing machine en earth.'
OffU-g in a Market at; ".
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest: , second-hand \u25a0 all \u25a0 makes at any
price: all kinds rented lo west\ rates. -' Domes-
tic office. 1021 Marker St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds - «<»cond-hand, $3. $5.;$S;; slightly
- used, $10. $15 and $20. You know where the
dolls swing in the window. 'losl Market st.
ALL kind* bought, sold and repairing: guaran-"
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES:
AN exceptionally good No. 3 Remington, 2 No. 1
Smith Premier.v $25; bother typewriters at
. higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. .536 California st. \u25a0-:
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented.! repaired..
Wcbtter Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market '
THE ; SAN- FRANCISCO GALTJ, • . FRIDAY; SjULY . Ty^lDOS:;
STORAGE AND. '^VAREHOUSES. .
UNION Square Transfer.-' &' ! Storage "Co., 604
Van Ness . avo.v Phone East 41S. Storage,
moving.' packing; cut^rateS: on 'freight, i :.,'..< ~
A—EMPORlUM'Storage'-*'.VanA — EMPORIUM' Storage'-*'. Van Co.; furniture,
household Roodo stored/ moved, chipped." 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant' 161. :
CONKLIN'S storage; furniture" and merchan-
dise: Golden Gate & Larkln; phone East 12tt-
PACIFIC Storapc and \u25a0 Furniture* Moving;': Com-
pany. 2."20 Fillmore | st. ; phone Jackson 1 2S1.
PIERCK-RODOLPH— Storage ; and I Moving Co.
Main office. Eddy andFtUmore: tel. West 828
BEKINS Van and Storage' Co..' ll Montgomery
St.; tel Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.,
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.^
ENGRAVED wedding invitations, visiting' and
business cards, crest, etc. :.,hlKh-class work at
I moderate rates. J.H.Duncan.l2o l Kearny,r.l-2.
3IARRIAGE ' LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :-
Albert H. Thrall, 30, 2363 . Howard street,
and Kathleen C. Tarnasky. 23, Winnipeg.
Canada. . ' " ;.«."
Andrew N. Sottero, 20, US Sixth. street, and
Elizabeth Canfleld,. 30, 118 Sixth street.
Jacob Speier, ; 34, 1513 Golden Gate avenue,
and Blanch N. "Solomon, - 21, Leavenworth.
Kans.
\u25a0 Benjamin Petkof sky, 32, 057 .< Folsom street,
and - Mllly ' Davon.V 25, 1040 Foleom street.
Robert M. Riddle, '46, • St. i Louis,-- Mo.; ' and
Hedwlg M. C. Hausdorf/ 32, ; St. Louis, Mo.
Richard C. J. A: Troboeae.* 1612. Union etreet.
and Leila I- A. Taylor. V lB. :1612 Union street, m
Elbrldge R. Armstrong.* 24, 5028 Valencia
street, .and Cordelia M. Bums. 22, 5028 Valen-
cia street. -;\u25a0-'..--..• .... '-"\u25a0\u25a0••.\u25a0\u25a0 • \u25a0'- ',\u25a0\u25a0.'..- \u25a0\u25a0
Harry R. Winter. 28. ' 118 Twelfth street, and
Sophie M. Eberle, 29, 1 352 Golden Gate avenue.
John E. Glendon, 21. Benlcla, and, Elizabeth
A. Kelly. 18. New; York; City. ; .
Domintk Beeler, - 22, 240 ; Third street, and
Marie '; Belmont, ' 24,* 1434 : Golden Gate avenue.
•John J. Schmale, . 21. ' 557 Harrison etreet,
and Lena Pesante. 18. 345 Golden Gate avenue, j
John E. Davidson. 21. Goldneld, Nev., and
Marie L. Hicks. 21, 722 Eddy street. •;
Giuseppe Rampone, 31, 520% -Green street,
and Maria Boaseo, - 22, C2O«. Green : etreet.
John P. Huches/21, 1534 Golden -Gate ave-
nue, and Margaret T.- Corbett, 18, 1415 Wash-
ic^ton street. -\u25a0\u25a0.' '';''' - - '
EIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, rcarrlace and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indoj sed with the name ' and residence of per-
sons authorized to . have the same, published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of cbaree. . ' .. '
BORN.
FERGUSON— In Oakland. June 25, 1905, to
the -wife of (Siarles Ferguson, a daughter.-
PEROW— In this city. July 3, 1005. to the wlf«
of William G. Perow, a son. •
SILVER— In this city, to the wife of J. It
\u25a0Silver, a daughter. i '/ '
MARRIED.
BALDWIN — DE SOTO — in San Pablo. CaL,
July \u25a0 1; 1905. by the Rev. Father Nolan,
Thomas E. Baldwin of San Francisco and
Virginia de Soto of Richmond. \u25a0
BOTHWELL— LAWSON— In this city. July 2.
1005. by Rev. W. M. White, William C.
5 Bothwell and \u25a0 Gertrude M. Lawson, both of
- : this city.
CAHOON— PORTER— In this city, June 28,
IUOS, by Rev. W. M. . White, . James Cahoon
of Jamesburg, Cal., and Florence E. Porter
of San Francisco. . ; '• . ' \u25a0
COLEMAN— FASSMANN— In this city. June
21, 1005, Louis •H. Coleman and Emma D.
Fassmann. •-
DONOHUE— NELSON— In this city, July 5,
19C3. by ' Rev. William N. Meserve, ; John J.
Donohue of San Farnclsco and Francea ' J.
E. Nelson of Sioux City, lowa. . ; .
GOFORTH— JORGENSEN— In this city, July
6. 1005. by the Rev. M. H. Llebe. William
Goforth and Kate Jorgensen, both of San
Lorenzo. Cal. , ' .< .--
HICKS— BERNAL— In this city, June 27,- 1905,
by Rev. w; M. White, Orlando L. Hicks and
Madrona R. Bernal, both of San Francisco. \u25a0
DIED.
Alnsworth, Charlotte H Jackson. Mrs. M. — 76..
Paraty, Francois — 80. Jorgensen, Geo.— lo m. i
Berrigan, Johannah — 40 Klemm, Josephine — 53.
Bezal, George — 15 tiowden, Thos i J. — 62. -
Braun, Hilda— ll mo. Maher. Alice I.— ll m.
Mroner, Fablana— «2. McMahon, Bridget— 6o.
Brown, Frank — 44. Melloy, Mary — SO.
Cornwall. Mamie Ormsby. Henry S— 4o.
Praft, Elizabeth— 73 Ring, John J.— 26.
Dignan, Francis Sargent— Mary E.
Duggan, Catherine— 67. St. Suprey. Elizabeth
Heine, Charlotta — 14. — CO. '«
Hirschfelder, Henriettc Sweeney. Michael— 23.
—77. Warren. Margaret— 6o.
Hodgkins, Mayo — 13 m. Wise, Henry — 09.
Powell, Thomas — 64. .—. — ,
AINSWORTH— At rest In Paisley, Or. June
21, 1905, Charlotte Henley Alnsworth. - be-
loved wife of, Lawrence Sutton Ainsworth.
and daughter of Katherlne L. and the late
James Bralnard Henley, and sister of Grace
and Ida Henley.
BAR ATT— In this city, July 5. 1905, Francois,
beloved husband of Vlctorlne Baraty. father
of George E. Baraty, brother of J. B.
Baraty, fatber-ln-law. of Isabell - Baraty,
brother-in-law of Mrs. J. B. Baraty, and
.grandfather of G. L. and Ed Baraty, a na-
tive of France, aged SO years and 10, months.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 7. at -9 o'clock a., m., from his late
\u25a0 residence, 70S Waller etreet, thence -to .the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs , Victoires,
where a high requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment* 1 Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car . from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BERRIGAN— In this city. July 5, 1005, Jo-
hannah, dearly beloved wife of Edward F.
Berrigan, and loving mother of James E.,
Mary M. and Edward D. Berrigan, a native
of Whitinsvllle, Mass., aged 40 years. (Bos-
ton and Worcester, Mass.,' papers please
copy.) ,
E7"Remalns at the parlors of Monahan &
Co., 2339-41 Mission street.
BEZAL— In this city, July 3, 1905, George
Bezal, beloved brother of Mrs. George Stark
and Mre. Peter Mayerle, a native of Aus-
tria, aged 45 yearn. A member* of the Aus-
trian Carniolan Benevolent Society of St.
. Joseph.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 9, at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the parlors
ofA<3antner Bros., 1209 ; Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to th»
Church of the Nativity, Fell street, between
Franklin and Gough; for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery/
BRAUN— In this' city, July 5. 1905. ' Hlida,
dearly beloved daughter of Albert and Marie
Braun, and beloved sister of Elele and the
late Freddie Braun, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 months and 7 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), July 7, at: 1:30 p. m., from the
residence; of the parents, 8 Harrison avenue. \u25a0
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRONER— In West Berkeley, Cal.. July 5,
1005. Fablana, beloved' wife of Constantlne
i Broner, and beloved mother lof Mrs. A . ' E
Verlinden, Mrs. J.<J. Smith,- Mrs. J. : E.
Healy, Mrs. W. E. Ward and P. D. Broner,
a native of Monterey, '; Cal.. aged 62 years 4
it months and 15 days. •';} \u25a0-
. IClnterment' private:
BROWN— In Guernevllle. Cal..« July 8, 1905.
\u0084 Frank, dearly beloved husband of Aurora :E.
\u25a0 Brown, and. father of Helen, \u25a0: Elizabeth \u25a0 and
Axelson Brown,' and brother of Mary Fare-
night of Philadelphia, . a native of Montrose,'
Scotland, aged 44 years 11 months \u25a0 and" 11
\ days. A member of the Pacific Coast Walt-
ers' Association , and Yerba "Buena Lodge
No. 14. A. O. U. W. (Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
I \u25a0 (CyNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Porter St White, 423 Golden
.Gate avenue.. .- . . B /-\u25a0*-.
CRAFT— In I Woodland, ; Cal., June 25, 1905,
Elizabeth Craft, wife of the late L. S. Craft.
HENRY J.C ALL ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, = Mgr., .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
« 20 Fifth «t..'* opposite Lincoln -School. '
' Telephone South 80. \u0084 . -
UNITED SJNDERTAkBRSj
— — — Funeral -. Directors '; and Embalmers
\u25a0- - . . Formerly In ' Metropolitan . Temple '
NOW- at 866 MISSION. \u25a0 Tel.7 South 167
Between Fourth ' and Fifths near.; Fifth ' ot.' '- "\u25a0\u25a0
. Finest- Equipments ; at c Moderate Rates.;
H. P. PETERSON &i CO.
Funeral Directors and Emhalmem,
228 McAllister. St^ opposite City Hall.
"--. . \u25a0 Telephone South : 34o.-. \ : : '\u25a0.• Z \u25a0. ':\u25a0
y.C.o'epMNoß&;c6^
PUUEBAL DIRECTORS
767 MISSION STREET*
TEIm MAm;S6I7 . ':'-,
In Odd Fellows' and Masonic Cemeteries can be
BO|3#jß^9K exchanxad , for ] Plot* : In -
MT. Ol IV.ET . V. CEMETERY
••-« For particulars apply .at City .-Of flee, •
GRANT IiLDO.. MARKET & SEVENTH ST3. j
~~' \u25a0-%> ' : . \u25a0 -. . \u25a0 , -'->.'r ... . -\u0084-t..v - ii . {.-.-. _- •\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 7:
andi mother of Mrs. :.W.*; P.' Coleman' of . Sac-
ramento, aged 73 \u25a0 years - j 11 montha -\u25a0 and 23
•' da ys.^gg^^S^^j^s .i.- : \u25a0 \u25a0 "-'f . - . ?. • .
CORNWALL— In this city, July 6, 1903, Ma-
mie . Cornwall, beloved . daughter of the late
Thomas end Bridget" Lynch, and sister, of
ITiomas - and John J. -; Lynch "and Mrs. G.
Uilius, 'a native of San Francisco. : •
DIGNAN— In \u25a0 this" s city, ? July ' G.: 1905," Francis,*
• beloved Infant son of Frank J. and Margaret
Dignan, a native lof San Francisco.
DUGGAN— In this city."' July 6. 1905, Catherine,
relict of the late Owen , Duggan, and : beloved
mother of PhillipH. Duggan and-.Mrs. Wal-
ter 6 Gallagher and * Mrs. H L-de - Vaull,\ a
native of Ireland, aged 67 years/ ~-
CTNotlce of funeral - hereafter. Remains
at the parlors : of H. >F. Suhr & Co., 1137
Mission street, between Seventh; and Eighth.
HEINE— In this city, July 4,'; 1905, , Charlotta,-
beloved daughter of Henry; and Johanna
Heine, a native of \u25a0 Alameda,': Cal., aged 14
years 10j months, and. 13. dajs. -:- : .... . \u25a0;." :
CS^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvited to attend the "funeral Friday,'
July 7, atl o'clock p. m., from the mortu-
ary chapel of tha Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
- first. Interment Cypress : Lawn . Cemetery. :
HIRSCHFELDER— In this city. July 5. 1905,
Henrietta, beloved wife of the Jate - Aaron
Hirschfelder. beloved mother of r Dr. Joseph
O. and : Samuel Hirschfelder, Mrs. E. Mandel
and Mrs. M. , Wiener, and sister of Daniel,
E.D. and Anton Block, a native of Floss.
Bavaria,", aged 77 years 10 months "and^S
days. . • , -'•>\u25a0.--
, fl-7 Friends and \u25a0' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock ; a. . m.,
at her late residence. "1392 Geary, street. In-
\u25a0 terment •; Home , of «- Peace - Cemetery, -' via Bpe-
clal train leaving Third and Townsend street*
. .at 10:85 a.' m.r Please omit flower*. ::.. '/:-:\u25a0 ->>
HODGKINS^-In this city, July 5, \u25a0 1905, . Mayo,
'-. beloved son of W. : M. and Nettie R, Hodsr-
klns. a , native of ; Maryavllle, Cal., aged . 13
;,'• months. •-'\u25a0'<„•: .-. . ;.:-•-> \u25a0 -,;. ' *. . . '. -..
in?"Frlends and acquaintances are .respect-"
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 10 a-m., from his par-
ents' residence, -Hi Second avenue.- Inter-
ment private. • > "\u25a0•\u25a0'
HOWELL— In this' city, July 4, 1905, Thomas,
beloved husband of Jessie Howell. and father
of Mrs. A. Shula, Mrs. Charles Dodge.and
Ada Mary Howall, a native of England,
aged 64 years 8 months and 30 days. - -
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to \u25a0 attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the Cathe-
dral Mission of the Good Samaritan, Second
etreet, near Folsom. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
JACKSON— In Alameda. July 6. 1905, Mrs.
. Mary. Jackson, mother of Mrs. Mary Belde-
man and Charles L. and Virginia M. Jack-
son, a native of , Bavaria, Germany, aged 76
years 4 months and 29 days. (New York and
Buffalo papers please copy.) '
ICTuneral Saturday, July 8, at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence, 1714 St. Charles
. street,. Alameda, 'Interment private. Re-
mains will be cremated.'
JORGENSEN— In - this city. July 5. 1905.
George X., beloved son of George and Min-
nie Jorgensen, and brother of Evelin, Flor-
.ence, and Vloletto Jorgensen, a native of San
\u25a0 Francisco, aged 10 months and 5 days.
KLEMM— In this city, July 5. 1905, Josephine
Klemm. a native of Germany. ag«d 63 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the i funeral to-day
(Friday), from the • new funeral chapel of
Theodor Dierks,'432 Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Larkln and Polk streets, and thence to
St. Boniface's Church, oh Golden Gate ave-
nue, where services will be: held at 8:45
o'clock a. m. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. -
LOWDEN— In tkis city, July 5, 1905, Thomas
J.. beloved hubsand of the late Llllle Low-
den, and brother of the late John Lowden
of Siskiyou County and the late Montgomery
Lowden, a native of Ohio,, aged 62 years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 p. m.. from the parlors of the
United Undertakers, 866 Mission street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth. Interment National
. Cemetery. Presidio. /
MAHER— In this city. July 6, 1905, at 441
Elizabeth • street, -. Alice • Isabella, beloved
daughter of Martin \A. and Josephine
Maher, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
' months . and 12 daye.
MELLOY— In ; this city, July 5. 1905, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of Francis Melloy, a
native of County Tipperary, Ireland, aged
SO years. : \u25a0
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of,J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street.: thence to St. Francis Church, where a
.solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
i for . the repose of her ' soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
'. ,tery.,. . - - ; .
McMAHON— In this city, July 5, 1905, Bridget,
dearly beloved wife of Peter McMahon. and
: . sister of the 'late Owen and Charles Lafferty.
aunt of -Owen Lafferty, \u25a0 a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 60 years.
- ETTrlends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at- 8:15 a.*- m., from her late resi-
: dence, 10 , Cleveland - street, - \ off ; Seventh,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
requiem high • mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul; at 9a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ORMSBY— In this -city." July 5, 1905, Henry
S. Ormsby, beloved son of the late L. 3." L.
and Anna M. 'S. Ormsby, and brother of
John J.. George 1., Harriet E.. Edward R..
iEdgar L., Frank E. and William F. Ormsby.
a native of Randolph, Massachusetts, aged
40 years 10 months and 13 days, (Boston.
Mass., papers please copy.) . tT?
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are^espect-
f ully , invited ' .to attend , the . f uneraT to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the chapel
of ;Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mls-
. ; elon street, • between Fifteenth and Slxteenth.-
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric . funeral car from ' corner of Eighteenth
and " Guerrero streets.
RING— In this city. July 6, 1905, John Joseph,
beloved son of 'John and Johanna Ring, and
loving brother of Mary T.," Cornelius L. and
Josephine F. \u25a0 Ring, . a native of Ireland, aged
26 \ years. \u25a0-. .-• '>'-, ."' : - \u25a0-\u25a0,\u25a0. \u25a0>-
SARGENT— In this city, at her residence, 435
Franklin street, Mary E.. beloved wife of
Walter E. Sargent, and mother of John H.
'Sargent.'-" : \u0084 -'\u25a0\u25a0-'.\u25a0'.• .V \u25a0••-.-'-' '\u25a0"
C7"Remalns at' McAvoy, O'Hara & Co.'s
new parlors. 2GI and -271 Hayes street.
SWEENEY— In this city, July 5, 1905, Michael
.. Sweeney, beloved aon -of Patrick and ' the
late Mamie Sweeney," and brother of. Patrick,
-" John; Thomas, Annie, Delia, Mary and Mag-
gie Swetney of New York, a native of
County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 23 years. A"
member of Plasterers' Union No. 66, , O. P.
' I. A.' (New York papers please copy.)
\u25a0 \u25a0 CTTrlends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),, at 8:30: a. m., from the' parlors
of * the United Undertakers, •\u25a0>\u25a0 866 ! Mission
\ etreet, : between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Patrick's Church,, where "a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
. 'Cemetery. ..' \u25a0'\u25a0-. , - ..\u25a0 .*\u25a0.;.. .\u25a0"•,'; '\u25a0.'.' V :
WARREN— In this city, July 6,' ; 1005.. at the
\u25a0 ,' Mary \u25a0, Patton v Hospital, Margaret/, beloved
\u25a0wife of Charles H. \u25a0:\u25a0 Warren, and mother of
Mrs. Delmara Lister ' and William and '. the
late Charles Warren, . and elster \u25a0of Anna,
John and William Cooney, a native of Man-
• Chester, England, : aged i- 60. years. ; >
ST. SUPREY— At Rutherford. Napa County.
Cal., Elizabeth St.* Suprey, widow *of the
late.Antolne St. \u25a0 Suprey, and. mother of Mrs.
j A. M. Chalx and Louise, Edward and Alfred
St.> Suprey, * a native ;of ' Ireland. , aged 65
'\u25a0- years' -; '":\u25a0 ,"'-\u25a0'./...;'\u25a0.'. . .v> .:-,
' lE7FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday); at 8 a. m.. at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. 7 A. M. Chalx,
. 2056 Bush street. • thence to St. Domlnlo' s
-Church. Interment Holy Cross, Cemetery.
•WlSE— Entered ! into ' rest.'" July ' 6," 1905, : Henry-
beloved husband^of Rachel S. Wise, and be-
- loved father , of Wallace \u25a0: A. ; Wise, Mrs. ' Leo
: -\u0084 Block, ; Mrs. William - - Newman, -. Mabel - N
Wise and ; MrsA Samuel Rosenblum, a native
of Kempen, Prussia, : aged . 69 years and 2
.months. V \u25a0 ; ;-.- .;-_., "
E7"The funeral services will be held to-
day (Friday), at • 10 _ o'clock fa. ra , at
the Masonic r Temple, ; corner of : Post and
Montgomery streets, under the auspices of
Fidelity i Lodge' No. ; 120. tF. and A.~, M. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by train
'•_ leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
. ; a.m. . " \u25a0\u25a0 -. \u25a0 -- .\u25a0 \u25a0;. ; . \u25a0.; -.-\u25a0\u25a0-. \u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0
REAL. ESTATE; TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. 'JULY.' 6.
. Houghton and Ursula' G.- Sawyer to M. Shef
tel; Company, :: lot on VN J ~ line -of * Pine 5 street/
87 :6 W; of Octavla, .W.; 68 :9 by: N< 137 :6; $10/ %
Margaret I: and William > Gllmour to - Frances
Kaune, ; lot «• on . N-- line ; of ; Grove - street 75 -El
of Buchanan. E 25 by N'6B:9;islo..- .-Yr; ":v
' • Robert L . D. ; and ;< Jennie • Crunston ;,to Emma
Marks (wife of Jesse), lot on. N line of Waller
street. 125-W. of .' Ashbury/ . W. 23 by N < 125 ; $10.'
. .'-. James - F.:- and , Gertrude -A.' :i Dunn to George
8. Dunn,, lot-on Sr-line of ' Halght . street. „95
Eof Cole. E 25 by S 100: $10.
Carl Rappe 'to Franklin 7 EHery.- lot : on N
line \u25a0of Carl ' street ".. 100 :7% iW. of ,- Col«/'.W )28
by N : 137:6;'510. \u0084.\u25a0;:;.>..: • • . .
" William \u25a0 D. and • Anna , C.i Meyer .' to Charle»
E.; Meyer, lot on 8 lln» of Carl street,. 104.9T
E of Cole.iE 25, S 117.73, W 25.014, N 116.90:
?10.--"- ,-:\u25a0:-\u25a0-\u25a0 :\u25a0'. V \u25a0\u25a0.-:: \u25a0 '.;', •..-:-. .'.,,-/„'
- -\u25a0 Same to Herman D. and Bertha L. Hogref e,
lot on ;S \u25a0 line of Carl » street.-t 54.97* E i of. Cole,
E 50,; S 116.90, V W 50. 028, iNs 115.24; :.
'. \u25a0 .. Moore 7 Investment v Company." to '::. : Sarah B.
\ Melone. -:\ lot - on E > line :of - i \ Valencia^* street,"
164:8 Nof Fourteenth, *E 100 by.N;O.4; $10.4/
: * Sarah B. \u25a0 Melone to : Melone ; ; Company, •' same ;
$10.-.: :,::,-!.'";.\u25a0. \u25a0 -V; \u25a0,:-..::\u25a0.-\u25a0..\u25a0;--\u25a0-
; - \u25a0 Mary \u25a0 Conway 'to Stephen '•' Marlanl, - lot J on
S line of .Twenty-third, street," 25, E> of Florida.'
E 23;byS:i04;;$10. v , "
.\u25a0-.; Kathertne . A. ; Rivers Uo Millie \u25a0 M:'- Reed, lot
on E:• line • of ; Diamond ' street, , 51 :6 N•of - Val-'
ley> NJ 25 >by'E.los:slo.v -.:,/•: ?^;.;-.i:
:x Joseph r J. !,\ Bernal \u25a0'. to uUlysea \u25a0* Grosslnl and
Eduardo Clocca,:lot"on-E:ilne of Powell street
98 :6 iN, of *ValleJo. \ N >0 . by . E 68 :9 : ; $10.': ,;
"~i: Margaret 5 M.-, Haraburgr . (Jones) Ito . Isaac { 1^ •
Hofmann. lot on'SE corner of ; Pine and: Bacon
streets ?E; 40,< S ;57:6,; 57:6,- E;17:6, 5j 20. "y.W; 57:6.1
NV77:6;510.; . " : .• . '.-\u25a0:?.-..' \u25a0'.-• .\u25a0: : ;
Edward .T.'.DeUes to C. H. , Morrell. • lot on
E line of Valencia street. 90 N of Seventeenth,
N ? 30 ' by .E * 87 :«; -- also '\u25a0 lot \u25a0. on SW corner of
Twenty-fourth and. Valencia streets. S 35 by
W 90; $10.i: .•„- ,-•,\u25a0> , - —\u25a0>
James Whitney to Louis Frledlander. ; lot on
SW^ line of Fourth street, 105 SE of Harrison,
SE 50. SW 155, <NW 80. NE 75. SE 25. NE
80; $10.
-Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Harry H.
\u25a0Cosgriff, : s ame;'slo. \ \u25a0 r , •\u25a0.. - ;.
Larkln - M. , Haycraf t to Eleanor S. Deerlng,
lot oa.;N\V, line of, Harrison street. ,400 SW
\pt Fourth., SW" 50 by •NW S5; 510.
j Delia T.' \u25a0 Doggett or ' Daggett : to Benjamin
Healey.lot.on SE r line of Natoma street. 200
NE ot '\u25a0 Seventh,-* NE 25 by SE 75; $10.
California' Home Bulldlns and " Loan-Comp
any to Florence C. Home. lot. on E line of
Twentieth avenue. 120 N of Point Lobos ave-.
nue, N' 55 by E 120; $10.
. Bernhard ' and Rose t3et z to Katherlne Glr
ard,. (wife of Frank J.). lot on W line of
Twenty-first . avenue, 250 S'of Clement street,
S 25^ by W. 120; $10. .
• -Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Joseph and
Mary ' Negro, lot on .W . line of Second avenue.
50 N of B street. N 25 by W 95; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to \u25a0 Solomon
Getz.*. lot 'on E line of Thirty-third avenue, 375
N of C street. N 225 , by E 240; $10. -;
Mary J. and James G. Steele to Benjamin
A. Mardls lot on W line of First avenue,
166:8 N of C street, N 33:4 by W 120; $10. \u25a0-\u0084.
i. • Solomon ' and - Dora ; Getz ,to Frank and Bo=a
Stump. . lot . on SE corner 'of Forty-ninth ave
nue and L street, S 37:6 by E 120: $10.
::.- Masonic Cemetery Association to Mary.Scho
fleld. lot In said cemetery: $135.
Julius vC. Rels to Herman Stlerle, lot .8/
block -7, Rels : Tract;; grant. , \u25a0-.
Joseph T. and Julia A. Roberts to George
E. and Ella M. Powell, . lot 1, block 14, Sunny
vale Homestead -Association; $10. \u25a0 ;'-; '-, \u25a0\u25a0-•\u25a0 : -< "-;
a' Peter ; J. y and ! Mary E * Michels to Anna D.'.
Joost. lots 43 and 44. block 46. Sunnyslde; $10.
,-i James ••: Lynch :to s S. : Ducas Company, \u25a0 un
divided: one- quarter of 'lot on -SW' line" of Cali
fornia • avenue, ' 23 ' SB of Preclta avenue, SE
119.6. W. 64^»N 99.6, lot- 101, Preclta Valley
Lands: •$10».»'«-----. ._\u25a0•\u25a0
\u25a0 Anderson ; and ". Isabel . T. Price to same, un
divided one-quarter of 6ame; $10.. : . \u25a0\u25a0-/-\u25a0
Catherine Copeland and , Mary and John Ma
gutre to same,- undivided three-sixths of same;
$10/ -' ->::.;'\u25a0 •».:\u25a0 \u25a0 ;-;: ; -.:\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 :.f v -v".7 - :'-\u25a0:
8. Ducas Company •to Charles Roemer. lot
on NE - line of Twenty-first avenue. ; 200 SE
Of L street. SE 25 by.NE 100. block 403, South
San : Francisco \u25a0 Homestead Association; $10.
Joseph T. and Julia' V. Roberts to Florence
and Bridget- O'Mahoney. lot on -'SB corner of
Sllllman and Bowdoin streets, E 60 by S 100,
block 39, University Mound; $10. '
\u25a0 Mary G. Grady to F C. Wheeler ' : lot on
NW line of Lisbon \u25a0 street. 225 NE of Italy.
NE 25 by NW 100 lot 6. block 22,- Excelsior
Homestead ; $10. N \u25a0
Anna D. Joost to ' Joseph, William and
Adolph: M. Eichler, lot on SW lino of Falcon
avenue. 49:6 NW of Case 111 avenue.. NW 24,
W 85:11.: SE 32. E to beginning, lot 1, block
4, ' Market-street Homestead : $10.
' Builders' Contracts. ;.r~:-
M. A. Taylor (owner) with William Helblnjf
(contractor and architect)— All - work for. one
three-story and one two-story frame building
(eight flats) on lot on SE corner of Waller
and Ashbury streets, 35 on Ashbury and 106
on Waller; $13,100. . '
Annette Tausslg (owner) / with Beck &
Campbell - (contractors), architects Salfleld &
Kohlberg— Underpinning,, brick work and con
crete work for" alterations to a flve-story and
basement brick building -on lot on E line of
Powell street, 115 N of Ellis. N 22:6 by E
137:0; $1150. .
I Same owner with Otto Schrader (contractor),
architects same— Steel work : and fire escapes •
for same ton same; $1498.
Same owner wlth^-Val Franz (contractor),
architects same — Carpenter work, plastering,
tinning for same, on same; $3850.
Realty Improvement Company (owners), with
Hans Peterson (contractor), architect Edward
E. Young- — All work for a two-story frame
building (store and flat) on lot on 8 line of
Halght street. 63 W of Ashbury. W 27' by S
90. Western Addition 675; $3750. .
Julia C. Lyon (owner) with Hans Petersen
(contractor). architect — All work for a
one-story frame building (stores) and a two
story j frame building- ( (stores and flats) on SE
corner of Halght and Clayton streets. E 90 by
S 70; fJS.SOO. ' - ' .- .
John B. Monaco (owner) with Louis Metter
(contractor), architects P. \u25a0 Righettl and H.
Kuhl — All work for a two-story frame build-
Ing (two flats) on E* line -of- Leavenworth
street. 112:6 N of .Chestnut. 25x137:6; $62C0.
J .-•\u25a0 Gandolfo (owner) with Frank" Slmonart
(contractor). — : — architect— Grading of lot to
level of Polk street. — -E of Polk. 87:6 S of
Vailejo. S 50 by E ; 100; ; $600.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
\u25a0 SALES.
Morning Session.
\u25a0 -Board— -*\u25a0
20 Alaska Packers' - Association. . . 90 50 .
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar S3 50 \u25a0-.
90 Oceanic S S ,Co 6 i 5
$5 000 Bay Counties Power Co 65. . . .ICG 50
$2!000 N P C R R ss-. 104 50 .
$2,000 8 F. &.S J V 5s ....120 50
$7,000 United R R of S F 45..; 00 25 -
V Afternoon Session.',
\u25a0 Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 01 00
20 3 F . Gas. & Electric 67 00
5 Makawell" .V... 86 CO
• 10 Oceanic S S Co.. 750
: 65 Oceanic S S Co 7 25
$1,000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s .....107 50
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1010) 107.25
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 99 87%
Street— ' . •
210 Onomea Sugar Co ............ 36 00
$3,C00 United R R of S F 4s 90 25
. Unlisted Securities.
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC e5.1C4%106% SF Drydk 5a.112% —
B L Wat 65.113 — SF &NP 55.110 — ,
Cal NW 58..111 — \ Sun Tel 65. . .111 ; 112&
M C Wat 6s. — 114 i vDo 5s .... .107% —
Ok T C0n55.102V3 — Suttr-st R55.105 110
MISCELLANEOUS } STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 26 Gas Con A.. 19 20U
Cal Cot Mils 82 — Mat Nay Co. 115 —
Cal G&ECor. — 60 Mills Nat 8k.300 —
C Jockey C 1.120 — NS R R Co. — 12%
Cal Powder.. 175 — N Cal'P Co. 9% —
Cal . evi-v Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav.l4s —
CaJ'T l'& T— ' 142% lOOF Hall A 6« - '
Cen Bk, Oak — 67% Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 4*4 6 PacC Cas C 0.136 — -..
.Cltv & C 8k.107%119 Pac Sur Co.. — 120
Cyp L Imp.." 4% 6% Paraf Paint.. 75 — .-'
DptPwd pfd. 82% 00 S F Dry dock — . 75. v
*Do com . . 69 . 70 SF & SJCoal. 22% —
FN Bk 0ak.120 — S Jose Wat.. 103% —
Fischer Thtr — 1U SO & MTgbt.l2s .—
Frnch-A 8k.108% — • Swlss-A 8k..120 — ,'.
Hono P Co.. .33— 35 Truck Elect.. 14% — \u25a0
'Do old pool 34 — Unions SCO.. — .88
Do nw pool 36 .40 - UR InC com. 48 —
SALES.
Morning Session. S
Street— ~M-<*. $
.100 Hono Plantation Co ...84 00
51ining Stocks.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.'
Following were the 6ales on . the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining . Exchange yesterday:
" ' \u25a0 1 9:30 a. ' m. Session. '
800 Mont Tn.515.3 27%
.400 Mont Ton ..3 27%
3000 Nat Bank . . . . 34
1700 Orig Bullfrog.. 82
100 Orig Bullfrog. 33
2500 Red Top \u25a0....-. "41
100 Slmmerone ... . 65
400 Ton Belmont..l 20
300 Ton Midway.. l 55
1500 N Star, b 15. 57
. Session.
1000 Rothwell ..... 25
1000 Stives ......; 20
500 N Star, \u25a0 30. .' 56
; 600N Star. \u25a0 15.. 56
! ' '-•..' •: . ' .
.'; Session.
1000 MacNamara. .. 44
,700 Mont Ton ..3 27%
500 Mont - T0n.b15.3 30
ICOO Nat Bank ..... 3
300 Rescue .... .v.' 1 07
1000 Rothwell ..,:. 23
"600 Ton Belmont.'.l 20
300 Ton Midway..! 55
'UOTATIONS.
5 District. >
Bld.Ask.
Mont Bullfrog. 08 10
Orig Bullfrog. 31 S3
I Shoshone . . . . . — 10
Vista Grande.. — -' 12
Wolverine .... — :'?: '? 11
:. District. , V
Jumbo Ex . ... -18- — '
Kendall ..:... '14 18
Lone Star . . : 15 "\u25a0'• 16
May Queen ... 18-20
Mohawk .\ . . . —•' 1201 20
NevGoldfleld. 18 —
0r0^... ....... — - 04
ParGoldfleld.. — 02
Red Lion .... — 03
Red Top ...... 40 42
Red Top: Ex.. 02 —
Strives, 23 30
Sandstorm ..\u25a0.'.;; 69 61
Santf«»r>rm Er.- ' — 07
Silver : Pick v. 12 —
Slmmerone *. ... — .63
District.
Mizpah Esc>.. \u25a0— - 13
Mont Ton "':'. .3 25 3 30
N.YTon Con. 20 .21
North Star.... 56 . 57.
0hi0 ;". . . . . . . . : ,32 34
Paymaster . . . ." , 03 04%
Rescue . ..... .07 0*
B Nev Dev... — . 13
Ton'Exten.\..4 25 \u25a0\u25a0
Ton of : Nev. 13 00 14 50
United -Ton - . . \u25a0 — -'- 00"
West ', End 'VTV -r* 1\u25a0 CO
Districts. Vvlv". .. (
tßay & O'Briefi — 08
I Rothwell r. ...» — 2o
I Silver. PeakJ.: .x. x - — : - 21
] Ton • Berkeley.'.' . — ~ -20
1 Ton 'Gold- Mt.. 12' 15
' 700 Bl'fg M. b30.1 CO
6000 Dixie ..... 20
.500 Dixie ........ W
2000 Dixie, b 30. : 20
500 Goldfleld'Min. 66
2500 Gold Mt'Con... 14
4000 Home Con . . 08
20.000 Ind Ton.. ..02%
1000 Lige Harris.. 03
3450 MacNamara.. 41
11 a ni
1000 Brown Hope.: 17
100 Dixie .20
1000 Eclipse ...... -25
100 Ind Ton; \u25a0 10.. 02
: 600 Orig Bullfrog. 32!
\u25a0--" '•[ ~'- \u25a0.\u25a0 ' 2 p; • m.
1600 BlfgM. b15.100
. 200 Dixie ........ '1»
800 Gldfld M. b3O. r 67
1000 Gold '\u25a0 Mt : Con. 14
1000 Home Con ..08%
3000 Indi Ton. b60.02%
600 J Butler." s 10, 88
1500 Kendall,- s 30.:/ 15!
2000 Lige Harris.. { 03|
CLOSING Q
Bullfrog
Bid. Ask.
Bullfrog Anx. — ,08
Bullfrog Belle .08 :10
Bullfrog- Mm. 90,1 00|
Bullfrg N- Bk 33 *'35
Eclipse ...... -.22 25
Lige : Harris. . s , CKJ 03 % |
v,;. v^Goldfleld
Ad«ms ...... 07- 10
Black Butt©.. 26 30
Blk Butte Ex 03 -t5
Black Rock.. 02 03%
; Blue Bell ... J— "-08
Blue Bull;... — 20
Brooklyn .... 02 05
Columbia ; Mt. 16 . —
Diamond '.'..: \u25a0 08 : - r
Dlamondfleld. 38 \u25a0 —
Dixie ......... IS 20
Frisco;..::.. —\u25a0« 20
Gldfld G Dust .08 00
Gldfld L Star. — 03
GoMfleld Nev. 64 :': '. —
Jumbo : M Co.";. .71 - ;
\j ' '. t '\u25a0\u25a0 : Tonopah
Belmont ...1 17% 1 25
California .:.: 19 —
Cash's Boy -. 17 10
GoMs' Ancljor.. .? 90
Great ;Westrn 02% —
Home :.-•... 04 -.05
Home i Con \u25a0 . : :0808 %
IndiTonopah.. 02 02%
Jim" Butler < . . • 82 ;^ —
Lucky.' Tom:. . ; — \u25a0 :; 14
MacNamara .%"••'• 43 \u25a0\u25a0-> 45
Midway ...1 55 1 57%
OtherM
Brown Hope. .15 ;16!
iEsperanza ..." 00% 01
\u25a0F---^nld"---V-15 i'—\
i Gold 1 Mt ' Con. — 02
, Kawich Gold . — . - 10
,Plne Grove .M 20
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
GRAY ASKS BIG DAMAGES.— CaIvin .Gray
filed suit yesterday against William C. Schley
to. recover SI 0.000 damages -for false arrest. ~-
TAKES CHARGE OF ESTATE.— DanieI V.'.
Strong was appointed special administrator by
Judge Coffey yesterday of the estate of the late
John R., Walton.
JURY CHARGES KASTIL.ITZ.— A Coroner's
jury yesterday presented a verdict charging
Joseph Kastilltz with manslaughter. . Kastl
litz shot and killed George Be^il on July •>
at 410 Fourth street. .
ATTACHMENT SERVED^— The Sheriff" s
deputies yesterday served a writ ' of attach
ment on . a lot of coffee at Lombard street
wharf belonging to B. Millar at the instance
of V. H. Pierce, who holds a claim of $1772 4«.
WANT ASSESSMENTS REDUCED.— Pau-
Iine Franklin. Charles Freirauth, Catherine
Comerford. Ella L. Collins and Eilen Murphy
yesterday petitioned the Supervisors to re
duce the assessments on their real estate hold
ings. • ".\u25a0-, . ' •
BONDS ARE REDEEMED.— City Treasurer
McDougald yesterday paid over to the Hibernla
Bank the sum of 5192.9UD for the redemption
of and interest on a block of municipal bonds
of the first series, which are now being taken
up by the city.
WANTS MARRIAGE ANNULLED.-—Eliza
beth Coppinzer has sued Lawson Copplnzer to
annul their marriage. The plaintiff alleges that
when she wedded her husband he was legally
barred from marriage, having obtained a di
vorce within one year.
FLEISHER ESTATE CASE.— EstherFleisher,
widow of the late Wolf Fleisher. has answered
with 'a general denial the suit brought against
her by Rebecca Flelsher, the so-called Austrian
widow of . the deceased, to recover half of de
cedent's $230,000 estate.
HASS ENTERS PLEA OF GUlLTT.—Ed
ward Hass. ..who was waiting trial in Judge
Dunne's court on a charge of assault to mur
der, was allowed to plead guilty yesterday to a
charge- of assault with a deadly weapon. Ha
will be sentenced to-morrow.- His wife. Viola,
procured a divorce from him and on February
5 he called at her Rome and stabbed her with, w
knife. -—
PIERRE AND GABLING CHARGED.— As a
result of the affray on Tuesday night in front
of a Broadway theater three charges of assault
to murder were booked against Salvatora Pierre
yesterday, and one charge was placed against
Frank Gabllng. Plerr# wounded H. M. Her
bert, a vaudeville actor, and Miss Lucy Peters
of 232 Filbert street and shot at Gabling. Gab
ling is charged with shooting at Pierre.
SAVINGS BANKS ARE PROSPEROUS.—
The Bank Commissioners report that the ninety
Interior savings banks are in a highly prosper
ous condition. Since the first of tha year eleven
new savings banks have started in business
outside of ban Francisco. The total of assets
and liabilities is $02,459,715 58. The Increase
In deposits between January S and May 29 was
$7,477,163 Cl and in- resources $3,056,205 S3.
BOY CRIPPLED BY BLOW.— Mrs. M. Cbal
1 Hot,, 1105 Howard street, obtained a warrant
from Police Judga Cabanlsa yesterday fcr the
arrest of "John Doe" Nathan on a charge cf
.battery. She said that her boy. Ernest, 0
years of age, who is very delicate, was struck
on the hip by Nathan with the Iron end of a
torpedo cane on Tuesday. The blow was «o se
vere that her son was unadle to walk, and she
was afraid that the hipbone was injured.
MISS CARREAU VICTORIOUS.— The Su
preme Court of the United States has affirmed
the decision of the United States Circuit Court
of , Appeals in favor of Marie Carrsau. award
ing her the half-mlllion-dollar estate of John
Sullivan of Seattle. Sullivan died Intestate
in Seattle in 1900 and left his property to
Miss Carreau by word of mouth. A vigorous
contest was begun by other claimants. Sul
livan had been sick for a long time and Miss
Carreau nursed him.
ALLEGED FORGER CAPTURED.— D. J.
O'Leary, grocer, 132 Eighth street, while pass
ing a bootblack stand on Bush street yesterday
afternoon, recognized James A. Barry, who
passed a fictitious check on him on June 12.
The check waa for $20 and drawn on the Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company, pay
able to J. A. Barry and signed "F. C. Peter
son." O'Leary dragged Barry from the stand
and held him till Policeman Fennell appeared.
Barry was taken to the City Prison. ;.
MARTIN CONVICTED OF EMBEZZLE
MENT. — Benjamin Martin was convicted by a
Jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of felony embezzlement. He will be
sentenced to-morrow. The trial of his brother.
Joseph, on a similar charge will commence this
morning. The two brothers got watches an 3
other Jewelry of the value of $IS4 from Franci*
L. Cook, jeweler, 1712 Market street, to ceil
and disappeared with the articles. They were
arrested in Oklahoma and brought back for
trial.
FIND NO SEWER.— The inspectors in the
bureau of engineering reported yesterday v to
City Engineer Woodward that in taking up
the Mission etreet sewer beyond Onondaga
avenue it was found that for a distance be
tween two manholes on Italy and Amazon
streets there ,was no sewer at all. The con
tract for the work was awarded in 1595 and
the work was . examined and reported upon
in" August of that year. The contractor, it
is believed, was paid for the work, which
appears never to have been done.
TRAMPLED ON BY HORSES.— W. J. Mc-
Glll, a night watchman at Seventh and Irvine
streets, was trampled on by a horse yesterday
morning and received injuries which may prove
fttal. McGill entered the stall for the purpose
of feeding the animal. It suddenly Jumped
upon him and . knocked him down, tramping
on his prostrate" form. He was treated by Dr.
Herzog for broken ribs, contused and lacerated
wounds ond Internal injuries. Cornelius Col
lins of 152 Oak street was also treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital for injuries to his
legs, ; received from the hoars of a horse which
trampled on him. - .
RAILWAY TRAYEIj.
CALIFORNIA NOBTBWESTEfiN m CO.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAF.4EL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3a 8.00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 4.00. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p.m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. 9:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
1:30. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 8:30. 7:25. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
, WEEK DAYS— «:OS. 6:50. 7:33. • 7:50. * 8:20.
9:20. 11:15 a, m.; 12:50. T2:0O, 3:40. 3:00.
6:20, 5:25. 6:20 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
; trip at 1:45 p. m. . - • .
SUNDAYS— 6:SO, 7:33. 8:20. 9:20. 11:13 a- m.;
1:45. 3:40. 4:30. 5:00. 5:20. 3:25. 6:20, 7:50.
7:58 p. m. tExcept Saturd&ys.
Leave j "in Effect j Arrive
Ean Fran. I May J. 1908. | Saa Fran.
~WeekT~Sun- I Destlna- I Bun- 1 Week
Days. ( days. 1 tlon. | days. | Days, j
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
9:10 a 9:10 a
S:00-a 9:30 a Ixnado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 v 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
4:00 p .
5:10 p 5:10 p 6 :22 P 7 r° p
8:50 p
7:80 al 7:30 al N*P*. I P:loa| 9:l(>a
4:00 p| 8:10 p| | 6:20 PI 6:20 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8-.TO a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:20 p 7:20 p
B:10p Santa Rosa. 8:50 p
7:30 a 7:30 a ~~~ l©:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a . Fulton. 7: -°P S : 22 p
2:30 p 8:30 p 8:50 p 7:20 p
- ' Windsor. •
7:30 a 7:30 a Eealdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton, -
2:30 p 2:30 p G«yservtlle. 7:20 p 7:20 p
doverdala. \u25a0.
7-30a|7:30af Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:SO p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. |7:20p[7:20p
~~i ' ~\ Willlts. j ~]
7:30 al 7:30 a| \u25a0 Sherwood. J 7:20 p| 7:20 r> .
8-00 at 8:00 al Guernsvllle and J10:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 j>' 2:"0 p'Car.ii» Vacation. | 8:50 pi 6:20 p
8:00 al BCOa| ! :\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 / f : i2* § : £2 a
610 pi P:".0a! Scnoraa. 6:00p 6:20p
' I P:10 pf Glen Ellen. 8:50p
T-SO at 7:30 a \u0084, ~~ 10:20 a! 10:20 a
\u25a0 2-?0pl2:S0p BebastopoL 7:20 pj 6:20 p
5:10prP:l0P I --.
• STAGES i connect at \u25a0• Santa \u25a0 Rosa for Whit-
Sulphur ' Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton . for Burkes Sanitarium: at Lytton ror
Lytton Springs: 'at Geyjervllle for Skaggs
cnrlnKs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. " Boone-
wille and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
EDrings. \u25a0> Highland Spring*. Kels-yvl lie. Carl .-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakegort and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for \lchy Springs. Saratoga
BDrlcgs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
springs. - Upper Lake. Porno. Potter VaUey
\u25a0foto Day's. Llerleys. Hullvllle. Orr". Hot
Bprlngrs. Halfway House. Comptche. Hopkins,
Mendodno City. Fort Bragg. \u25a0 Westport. Uaal-
\u25a0t Willlts for Hearst and Sawyer; at Sherwood
for Weetport. Cahto, Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cum.
mlns Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens. Dyer
Garberville. Pepperwood. " Camp's, Scotia . and
: -^Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. \u25a0 ; • •\u25a0--\u0084-
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
teyond Can Rafaal at half rates.
1 Ticket office. 650 Market - street. Chronic!*
building.
JAS. AGLER. R.X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
It. 8«n fnncisw I lr. s«a Friaasca
¥k. Day» SaaJ»7» '^JjSe^La' Soadxjs Vk. Daji
ZZZZ I:4sa\s3Sß£& 11:32 a IO:45a"
»:3Oa 8:45 a ISgSjgCT l:O2p 2:55p
1:45p 1O:15a Ig^f 2:S2p 6:22p
Sihirdiiy 12*:45p • ' 5:03p "siairiij
<Only 2:15p lt?al VUdiiip 6:33p : OaJy
4;3»p :3:45p| fas faafaT li««tB:3ap *t:2sp;
f nn r UI J 650 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
• 01/ICK ) and Sausalito Fesky. Foot Market St.
B.ULWAY TKA\-Eli.
s^ Trains leave and are dtx»
M/^^^\ SAX FKA^CISCO.
I Vj^gjV / From Jxrss 23. 1905.
Vy^i^^^y/ Firkv Dx?ot
(Foot of Martet Street)
mw- MAIN LINE. - *««rr»
7.00 a Elmlra, Vacavllle. Winters. Kamser 7.48P
7-OOa lilchinoml. Beliefs. Sacramento, _
Sal«nn and Way Station* /.ZSP
740AVallrJu. Napa. . Cslistoifa. Santa
Kosa, Martiaca. San Uamon B.UBP
7-4aAN»es, Plcaoanioa. Llvermore.
Tracy, L«:hrop, StDtkton ........ 7^3P
B.COA Shasta Expre*» -( V i a Datl s ).
WUllsms, Willow*. tFrnto, Red
Bluff. Portland, Tucoina. Seattle. /.48P
B.ooaD»vl*. Woodland. Knfßhta Landing,
MurysTllle. Orovlllo /.4BP
8.20 a MnrUnez. Antlocn. Byron, Tracy,
Stockton, JJewinan, Los Banoj,
Mendota, Arraona, Hanford. • 4.53^
Visalia, PorServMc 1 4.43P
8-20APort Costa, Lit crop. Merced. Mo-
desto. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford,Vl«lla,BAkersnel«l. 4.48*
B.4OAKHes, San Jose, Llrermore, Stock-
ton (fMllton), ViOley Spring.
lone, Sacramento. PlacerrtUe,
Colfax. .Marysvllle. Red 81uff .... 4.CB*
B.4oAOakdale, Chinese, Jamestown.
Sooora. Tuolumne snd Angels... T"25
9.POA Atlantic Express— Ogden snd E*»t. 4-28P
8-40a Rlchnond. Port Costa, Martinez
snd Way Stations (tConcord) .... g«f P
1 020 A Vsllejo, Dally. Nspa, Sunday only 7.43P
10.20aLos Ansclc* Paaacnzer— Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tr»cy. 7
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
lUymond. Fresno, Gosnen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsalla,
B&kersfield, Los Angeles 7.CB*>
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City, Sc Louis tnd
Chicago 7.03P
11.00ATae Orerland Ltolted— Omaha,
Chicago. Dearer. Kaaaas City... 8.48P
11.40 a yiles. San Jose and Way Stations. 2.48P
Ti .OOP Sacramento River Steamers ....... til-OOP
3-40P Benlda. Winters. Sacramento,
k Woodland, Knisnts Laadlas,
, MarysTllle and Orovllle 10.48 a
3.4opHayward, Klles, and Way Station* 7-43P
4-OOpValleJo, Martinez, San Ramon,
1 Kaps. Callsto^a, Santa Rosa 9.28 a
4.oopXiles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl. 10.28 a
4.40P Hay ward. Niles, Irvlnston. San) t8.43A
1 Jose. Lirenaore ) til. 43*
B-OOPTne Owl Limited — Newman. Los
Banos, Mendota, Fresno, Tulare.
I Bakersfield. Los Angel es 8.43 a
6.oo? Chicago and St. Lonia Special— £l
Paso, Kansas City, St. Loais and
Cnlcago 8.48 a
ts.2opßayward. Niles and Saa J0ae...... 7.03 a
5. 20p Vailejo. Port Costa, Benlda, Sal-
sun, Sacramento 11.23 a
6COp Eastsra Express— Omaha. Chlcazo,
Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Martinez, Stockton. Sacramento,
Keno, Sparks. Montello. Ogden .. 12.48»
6.20 P Hay ward. Xlles and San Jose 9.43 a
7.ooPlteno Passenger— Port Costa, Be-
nlcia, Snlsnn, Elmlra, Dlxon,
Davis, Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pah, Goldneld andKceler ; 7-03 A
7.4CPPort Costa, MarUnez.Dyron,Tracy.
! Modesto, Merced. Fresno 12-08P
;7<4CPTosemtte and Mnripora Big Trees
, (rla Raymond- Wawona Route).. 8.48 a
7.40 p Vailejo, Sunday only 11.23 a
B.2oPOreeon & California Expresa— Sae-
' ramento. Marysvllle. Hcddlns.
, Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.43 a
S.QfJpHayward. NHes and San Jose (Sun-
; day only) t11.43A
COAST LINE (.Harrow Uange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.4sa Santa Craz Excursion (Sunday
> only) ....... 9.18P
B.lsA^7ewark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boutdcr Creek. Santa
Crnz aadAVay Stations B-SSp
t9.15/«7ewark, San Jose. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz t7-S3s»
t2.lsp2Teirark, Centervllle, San Jose.
Kew Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crnz and * .-.
Principal Way Stations 10.55 a
4.lEpXewnrk. San Jose, Los Gatos,
\Vrljrht \u25a0 +8.85 A
4.l s p Saturday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Craz 93-SSA
COAST LINE <Uroa.l tianice;.
Or (Third and Townoend Streets.)
6.10 a Saa Jose ana W«f Stations 6-30P
t7.OOA San Jose and Way Stations 5.40p
7-1 saMonterey.a Monterey. Sanw Cr-u Excursion
i (Sunday only) : 10.10P
B.ooaNcw Almaden (Tnea.. Frt.. only).. 4.10P
B.OOA The Coaster— San Jose. Salinas,
- San Ardo. Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita, ban JLnls Oblspo.
Gnadalapc. GnTtou. Santa Bar- *
bars. San BnecaTcutnra, Oxnard.
Burbank. Los Angi-les 10-3QP
B.ooA Gilroy. Uollister. CastroTille, Del •
Monte. Faclilo Grove. Surf,
Lorapoc. 1Q.30P
9-OOASan Jose, TresPlnos. Watsonvllle.
Capitol a. Santa Cruz. Pacific
Grore. Salinas. San Luia ObUpo
and Principal Way Stations 4.10P
t9-00aLO8 Gatos. Wrlsrat. Boulder Creek.
via Santa Clara and Narrow
.: Gange...... N+7.4CP
10.30 a Br»a Josoand"W:iy Stations - I.2SP
11. 30 a San Jose and Way Stations 7.4CP
2.1 spSanp San Joae and Way Stations. 3.35 a
t3-00pDel Monte Express— Santa Clara.
1 " San Jou, VTattonTiHe. S%nta
Crnz. De) Monte, iloatorey _
Pacific Grore...^ t!2.15P
t5-03PLos Gatofi. Wrtebt. Bonlder Creek,
Santa Crnz, Tia Santa Clara tnd
Narrow- Gan?e.. 1045 a
3-30p3oiu1i San Fmncisco. San Jose,
Gtlroy. Holllster. Tres Plnos,
WatsonTllle, Capitola,Santa Crnz.
Salinas, Monterey. Pacific Grore. 10.45 a
4.3opSan Jose and Way Stations t7.55A
15 00? Santa Clara, San Jose, Los GaCos,
Wright t9.OfU
J8.30P San Joae andPrlncipal Way Stations 53-40 A
B.4spSnnse{ Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose. Gilroy. Salinas, Psso
Robles, San Ln!» Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demtag.
El Paso, >ew Orleans 9.10 a
5.45 pEl Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis, - .
Chicago 10.30P
s.4spPaJaro, WatsonTllle. Capltola,
Santa Crnz. CastroTille, Dell ttO.IQp
Monte. Pacific Gtoto f tlO.3Dp
tfl-15P9an Mitteo, Beresford, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tfi.4BA
B.3fJpSaa Jose and Way Stations 6-36 a
8-OOPPaIo Alto and Way Stations 10.15 a
1 1 .3 0 P South San Francisco, Millbrae, Bttr-
Ungame. San Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto &45>
11J5OP6atnrdays only for Mayfield. Moun-
tain View, Sunnyvale, Lawrence.
' Santa Clara and Saa Jose ...'..... 19.45»
OAKLAND HARBOR tERRY
JFoot of Market St.)
t 7.15 a.m. 9. C0 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p. m. 3.00 p.m. 5.15 ».M,
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tSunday excepted. {Sunday only.
(Monday only.
tDally. and stops at all stations on Snnday.
P3HBt«sfifiHß^&rT£^»^^BLlHßlUs^flsi
\u25a0CHICAGO T iN 3 DAYS!
9 Leares Mondays and Thursdays at B
fl 0 :30 a. ' m. with Diners and Sleepers. I
Other Santa Fe Trains 1
8-Ounlmli fw' Stockton. Tnaao. BaJt«r*ntl«.
B:30 a. m. J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4 :C0 p. m. For Stockton. .
T:3Oa» m. { Direct connection for Toswmit*
B:30 a. m. J Valley and tas Bis Tre«a,
0:30 a. m. t Fcr Kansas City. Grand Canyoa
8:00 p. m. J and Chicago. >
B:SO a. ro. fFor Oakdale and points oa Slerr*
J Railway. *\u25a0
ticket Offices— 633 Market st. and Ferry Depots
- San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
- land. . Cal. ; also 27 South First. Saa Jo**.
|Rpp^a^|] To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
l^^^^^^l HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
'SsSSo^ni*^-* s *^'. Vla Sansallto Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE
Depart week caya at 7:Wfc 7:43. s:-3. s» : m
B:{WX ll:C0 a. m.: 12:20. 1:43. 3:15. 4:33. 3:15.
6:50. 6:30. 7:13. 9:00. 10:13 and 11:35 pi m.
Depart Sundays and holidays at 7:13. 7-4.V
8:is! 8^45. U. 15. 9:43. 10:13. 10:45. U:l3 u^
am.- 12:13, 12:43. 1:13. 1:45. 2:13, 2:45 313
3:45r4:15. 4:45 5:15 5:45. 6:13 V 6:4 7:13
»7:43. 8:15 for SausaUto only). 8:00. 10-ii
11:35 P- n». '
Fon Fairfax, week days— T:« a. - m.. z-13
p. «.. 5:15 p. m. Sundays and hoUda**-.
T:45™8:45. 9:15. 10:15. 11:45 a. m.. Uutf^T
THROUGH TRAINS. \ *" "•
7:45 a. m. dally — Caza<!en> and way station*'
9:15 a.' m. Sunday* and HoU4ay»—potot
Reye«. «tc . . "™ s
3:13 p. ». dally (except Sunday)— For Caxa.
8:15 p. m. daily (except Sunday)— For Point
Reyes, etc.. * "*"*
.8:15 p. m. Sundays and Holiday* for" Caxa.
dero. etc. \u25a0•\u25a0.- - - -.. . . \u25a0>-m*mi'
TICKET OFFICE— 63O Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot . ot Market sc
Weekly Gall
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
IV a list ret: Socks irregular. Cotton still rising.
Local Securities quiet, but with a firm tone.
Not much fluctuation in Exchange or Silver.
Statistical position of Coffee reported strong.
General decline in Pacific Codfish.
IV heat Futures higher and the Cash Grain itrm.
. Barley advanced under reduced crop estimates. ' \
Oats higher, Corn steady and Rye weak.
' Hay temporarily firmer under moderate receipts.
Beans and -Feedstuff s as previously^ quoted.
Potatoes in lighter supply, owing to hot weather.
Heated term doing some damage to green Vegetables.
Xo change in the Poultry or Game market.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits in diminished receipt and steady.
Lemons continue to advance under scarcity.
Dried Fruits very nrr.i. Walnut crop reported shorter .
Xo further change in Provisions or Meats.
Wool cleaned up and firm. Hides steady. Hops easy.
Merchants' Ku-hancr Ticket.
i*he following have been nominated for di
rectors of the Merchants' Exchange to be
voted for at the annual election on July IS:
F. B Anderson. Robert Dollar. E. W. Fer
guson. Fairfax Wheelan. Harry W. Goodail, J.
A. Hooper. C. S. Laumeister. J. B. Robinson,
K. R. Li'ilenthal. G. P. McNear and Arthur
".'age.
The Cotton Market.
The New York wires of E. F. Huuon &
'.'o. yesterday caid:
"The cotton market continues to rule much
us we predicted a month ago. when we called
your attention to the bullish possibilities as we
taw them at that time. T\me has strength
ened our beMcf in a treat big bull market In
tins commodity, and from best opinion we can
set from the South and New York we are
led to believe the maxkev has only fairly start
ed. Conditions warrant sensationally higher
rriees. The crop at present with most favor
ahle weather conditions from this time on to
ricking iierlod will £*U fax short of worlds
rr-quireroents. and even with the reserves from
f\& crop will be scarcely enough to go around,
\u25a0tt eather :s all against it and has been for
some time. Trivate reports are positively
alarming and spinners the world over are get
•ing anxious as to next year's supplies. One
of the strongest bull arguments to our mind
that one can advance on cotton is the average
I rice of S.ROc obtained for last year's crop of
\u25a0\u0084000.000 to 14.0u0.000 bales. This crop looks
k? ten and a quarter million bales at b*st."
The Coffee Trade.
The New York circular cf Henry Norclinger
& Co. tays:
"Whi> the most important contentions we
V.aye htld and expressed with reference to the
improvement In the etatistical position of
i-oCee for the crop year 1904-C5 have been
borne out fey actual results, the market has
not responded to this Improvement; on, the
contrary, -with the realization of the better
ment in the actual position, speculators be
came more aggressive in their efforts to de
press values, wa* we must acknowledge that
tuecess fcas accompanied these efforts of late.
The reason for this success ir.ay be found in
•.he fact that there was a big interest accumu
lated by another set of speculators, who took
fright when they found that their hopes of
an enhancement of values were dashed to
pieces Just at the time when they expected
them to be realized.
••Speculative offers tro-fi Brazil for ship
ment during the coming fall months at a con
siderable cut In price kelow that actually
ruling in Brazil helped along the decline andt
induced some holder* not only to get cut of
ihe article entirely, but to make short salts
a? WCU The market for actual Coffee, on
the other hand, was hardly influenced by 'these
maneuvers, and commercial grades of desir
able Qualities are virtually unchanged from
a month ago. A healthy demand for them
has b«en and is ttill existing, and the stocks
•of these grades have become very small. .
"An addiUonaT* fact, and one which we
consider of great importance, has been brought
cut during the past crop year, and that Is,
shat the eonsumvticm of Rio and Santos
toffee has overtaken the production to the
extent cf LTSy.uOt) bags, of which 1.250, tw0
1 a&s have been taken from visible stocks, and
fully 500.000 bags out of invisible ftockn
'.-to'eks In the hands cf distributors in the in
terior of Europe and the United States): this
means a consumption of Rio and Santos Coffee
curing the past crop year of about 11,750,000
bags.
\u25a0•The world's visible supply is now down to
•where it was three years ago. The Increase
in the same during the two previous years
has been fully wiped out during the crop year
jurt finished.
"The new crop year begins to-day, and It
is well to take cognizance of the fact that In
the pa*t two years about 60 per cent of the
Brazil crops reached fchipplng ports during the
-.v.ontas of July to October Inclusive. We
must, therefore, be prepared for a heavy
movement to ports during that time.
"With reference to the future statistical
r-ofit!on cf Coffee, we can foresee a further
improvement of magnitude curing the crop
year Just beginning, even though we should
have 500.000 bags, cr even 1,000,000 bags.
mere Rio and Santos Coffee than we had last .
year. As an offset to this possible increase
ir. the Brizliian crops we will have a decrease
in the receipts of mild Coffees in Europe and
the United States of fully 500.000 bags, and
we calculate on an increase in the consump
tion of ai>out 500.000 bags without regard to
a.r.y duty agnation which we may encounter
later la tie year.
"The question which confronts the trade is
'Ms: Can & reduction in supplies continue
for acy length of time without having a cor
rTponfilr.g erect on values? We for our part
doubt this seriously."
EASTERN SIAIIKETS.
XeiT York Money Market.
NEW YOKK, July €.— Money on call steady
at 2ii©2% per cent; closing bid. 2 per cent;
offered. 214 per cent. Time loans firmer. For
elxty 4 aV6 > -*©3 : 4 per cent: ninety days, 3Vi@
3^4 per cent: cix months, 3% perc ent.
Prime mercantile paper. SM;@3%c.
Sterling exchange steady with actual business
in bar-Jeers' bills at $«.5r354.&70 for demand
and at $4-623 for sixty-day bills. Postal rates, 1
$4.i>C@4.SB. Commercial bills, $4.&5g4.55*4.
Car siU'er, 6S%c. Mexican dollars. 45>4c.
Government and railroad bonds steady.
Xfvr York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July c.— The coincidence of
the free eelline of stocks to take profits yes
terday \u25a0 and the t>ublicatlon of an Interview
with a prominent speculative leader speaking
with great confidence of the prospect for
-much higher prices had the effect of leaving
feentiment a -rood deal unsettled to-day. The
desire was shown hew far the realizing sales
of yesterday had effected the distribution of
holdings from the hands of the powerful oper
ators who have conducted the advance and
whose motive for further Drotection of the
market would thus be lessened. There was
' further selling of stocks, in fact, at available
' pportunities and under cover of sustaining
--» ' -*ctacular movements in otter carts of the
lift.
The volume of dealiscs fell below the total
rf yetterday and tbei-*- was an absence of
ror.-jestlon of covering in Reading and Union
Pacific.
The buying of Reading e&mc «from many
quarters under the encouragement of the bold
leadf ri-fcip in the movement and the seemingly
Irresistible character of tn-s advance. .The
only news en the stock -Aa* the general asser
tion of ltf high earnlne power and
the bod. predictions circulated or the
extent to which it was intended yet to carry
the movement. Erie was affected in sympathy.
The n^ui&Ucn in Union Pacific was fostered
fry rumors of ar. intended extra dividend on
the stock. Southern Pacific and St. Paul
phritved Imrrovcraent. Tennessee Coal Cucta
b!«<l en comparatively smsll dealings. This
sheet deflr's the limit cf the important move
sii'nts cf the day. Time loans were firmer in
/Tie arid !t is rrobable that consideration of
.r,* mace)" oatlock fcad a restraining effect
*-j th<! market. Parip renewed its takings of
*:cid in the London market and th« sterling
rate <ieclir»d In Paris. The possibility of
further expert cf rcld from New York Is thus
kept oven. Receipts' on account of Klondike
•-sold are constantly replenishing tb« New Tork
supply now. It is expected alw that the
Government bones to be released by the re
turn of Government deposits on July 15 will
go protrr-tly Into use for new issues of bank
rotet. This would add to the available supply
of currency and facilitate an outward- move
ment of go'A. The effect of the subscription
to the Japanese loan seemi- to be viewed with
more uncertainty. Even where the \u25a0 proceeds
of the former loan were left on deposit here
the sh'.ftin; in the loan account caused some .
», temporary disturbance In the money market, i
f atlsfacttoTj 1» felt tv»t the authoritative In- j
tlmatlon that no ---ihtdrawal of the loan pro- I
ceeds Is Intended before the last of October. \
A larsre sum of the last Japanese loan re
mains on deposit In New York and is placed
In call lean here, so that the Japanese Gov
ernment's handling of Its balances might have
an Important effect on the New York money
market. The digestion of profits was per
sistent and as a rule the day's important gains
«re restricted to a few stocks. The closing
tone was Irregular.
Bonds were «Vady. Total eales, par value,
$4,339,000. United States bonds were un
changed on call.
Arrr York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton &. Co., 490 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New -York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
bales. 1 STOCKS. IHighiLow.j Bid. j Ask.
(Adams Express.j ] 243 1250
lS,7oo|Amalg Copper . 62%| $2 «2% «2%
Am Can Co ....! | 11% U}*
j Vo pfd I j 68% 6U%
I.4oojAm Car AFyCo Ss 7 ij 35% 35% 35? t
400 i Do pfd U!»Mj| 98 »8% 98%
SOOJAm Cotton 0i1.. 1 32% 32 31% 32%
Do pfd »1 91%
|Am Dlst Tel ) 29 32
jAm Gr Twine Co 5% «%
{Am Hide & L..| .„.. 6% 0%
2001 »o pfd .......j 37% 37% 37%| 37%'
lAmerican Ice ..| 4% 6
I Do pfd j 34 OS
100, Am Linseed 18% 18% IS 20
I Do pfd M 44
I.SC»C>|Am Locomotive. 4s%| 45% 48% 45%
600[ Do Pfd 112'> 112% 112 113
« ;Am Malt 5% 0 '
400 Do pfd •« 25% 25 24 24%
11,400, Am Sm &. Rf Co 116% 117% 117%j117%
100 Do pfd 119% 119% 119% n»-J)i
Amer Steel Fdy »% 10%
Do pfd 3S 39 .
5.200, Am Sugar .. 140% 139 139% 140%
| Do pfd 137 139
|Am Tel &T Co 139 140
600; Am Tob pfd 98 97% 97% 97%
700! Am Woolen 38 37% 37% Bf%
Do pfd ...j... 104% 105%
1,300| Anaconda 107% 10<J 106% 107
iAnn Arbor 35 38
Do pfd 78 80
10.000AT&SF 65 54% 64% 85
800 Do pfd 102% 102 102 102%
16.500[8a1t & 0hi0.... 114% 113% 113% 113%
500, Do pfd 98% 98% 97^ 99
'Bay fctate Gas 8-16 5-16
|B«et Sugar 23 26
j Do pfd 81 85
34,90Uj8 R T 72% 70% 71% 71%
1 Brook Un Gas 188% 194
ißruns D i 1 15% Id
jßutterlck Co 57 58
.Canada Southern 68% 70
H.OCOiCanadlan Pacific 152%J151% 152 152%
0.700, C & 0 54% 63% 64 54%
9OO'C & A 37% 3<Hj 35% 37%
I 200 Do Pfd 79% 79% 75 79%
C& E I pfd 130 140
iC I & L pfd 80 90
Ki.iiOD'C &G W 20% 20 20 20%
Do pfd A ..... 64 G5
20C Do pfd B 32% 32% 32 34
Do debs 85% 86%
1.5001 C & NW 210% 209% 209% 210
22,400'rC M & St P 160% 178% 1T9% 179 Vi
2001 Do pfd 187 186% ISO 18S
8.2n0C R I& P (new) 31% 31% 31% 3LS
700 Do pfd ...:... 76% 76 7G% W%
Do 4« 82% 82%
Chcago Term I 18% 18%
100 Do pfd 41 40% i 40% 41
Chic U Traction 7 8 .
Do pfd .12 34
900 CCCA; St L. . 99 95% OS'A. 90
Do pfd 115*120
Cleve Lor & W 72 79
I Do pfd 105 115
14,*00'Colo Fuel & Iron 47% 46 46% 47
Do pfd ;.... 95-
(Cd Hock C& 1 14 14%
BOOiColo Southern... 27% 27% 27 V> 27%
400 i Do Ist pfS 58% 5S 5S " 55%
I.Ooo] Do 2d prd.... 35% 37% 35% 88%
1.000 Consolidated Gas 100% 159% IS9 191
Corn Products .. 10% 10%
Do pfd ...".•. 48% 49'/j
300 Del & Hudson... 190% 189% IS3V 190
200JD L & W 379% 379 379 " 3SO
300 D & R G 21 31 30% 30%
100 Do pfd 86 80 86 87
... Dcs M&Ft D 23 23%
lOO'Detroit Un Ry.. 94, 94 93 95
{Detroit Southern II 12
Do pfd 41 43
(Diamond Match 139% 140
600 DJs Securities ..44 43% 43% 44
I Do Bonds 79% SO
Dulnth SS & A 15 15%
Do pfd 28% 29
46.900 Erie . 47% 46% 47% 47%
4,3fi0 Do- Ist pfd..*. 83 82% 82% 82%
3,700 Do 2d pfd 73 72*4 72% 72%
E&TH ". 62 70
Do pfd ..... 85 95
Ft W &. D C 21 Vi 25
Gen Chemical 71% 73
Do pfd 102 104%
1.800 Gen Electric ... 170% 179% 177 179 V*
Great North pfd 282 283
Greene Con Cop 22% 22%
...;... Havana Tob Co. ..... ..... 24% 20
Do pfd '33 39
Hocking Valley 91 94
\u25a0 Do pfd 82'/ 9.5%
s,SCofllllnois Central.. IC9 1C7% 1«S \u25a0" 108%
.....".. Internatl Paper | 20% 20%
Do pfd \u0084 79% SO'
Internatl Power. .......... 75 85
Intematl Pump 27% 30
Do T>fd 79 81 .
200 lowa Central .. 27% 27% 27 28
Do pfd 61% 62%
Japanese 4%s 89% 90
Do Ist3 ..; lno% 100%
Do 2ds .. ". 99% 93
Kanawha X- M 83 83%
XC Ft S&M pfd SO 81%
X C Southern .. 20 20%
Do pfd f,6% 57
Keokuk <fc D M 13 15
....... Laclede Gas pfd 1..... 97% 10U
Lake Erie & W. .« s<>% 32
Do pfd 92% 97
l<ong Island 55 56
3.700 Louis & Nash... 1*9% 14SV, 148% 14'J
300JMenhattan ..... ICC% 165% 1C5% 1U6%
..IManhat Beach.;. STS -fl% 12
3.100 Met Securities... 83% 82% H-l M%
9.700 Met St Ry 29% 128 128% 129
1.400 Mexican Central. 22% 22 22 22%
Minn tEt L..,. 64 60
Do Ist prd.... .......... f&% 05
M. St P&S S M 123 11-315
•Do pfd ..... ..... 180 101*4
ROO M<V Kan & Tex. 29% 29 29 29%
, €00 Do pfd.; «4% 64 <H% C 4%
4,500 Missouri Pacific. 100% 93% &9% 100
Nash, C&St L. 148 150 *
900 National Lead... 47% 47 46 47
100 Do pfd 100% 106% 100% 106%
Ntl R R Mcx pfd 7. 36% 37
100 National Biscuit. €2 62 Cl% (12V4
Do pfd........ ..... ..... 117 us
» New Jersey Cen 202 v 204 \u25a0
|N V Airbrake ..y. 147 151
I2.2oo|New Ybrk Cen.. 148% 147 147% 148 \u25a0
WON Y. C& St L. 45% 48% 43 49-
Do Ist pfd 110 115
Do 21 pfd.... 78 81 .
New-York Dock 24 ~ 24VS
N Y. N H & H lftou 200(2
2,400 N V, Ont& W. 53% 52% 52% f.2%
1.100 Norfolk & West. SC% 85% 85% 88**
Do pfd:;..;..*. ...... ..... 9115 94 ,
600 Ncrth- American*. 100 99% 99% 100 •'
1.600 Northern. Pac -. 190 189 - 188% 192
Northern Sees. 7. * lfittii 107
....... Omsha. iss^ 190;
....... O&PtA ...... 190 200
9, SL 4s 96 90%
Pacific Coast . 92 04
....... Dolst pfd.... ...;. ..;.. 102 105
. .Do 2d_pfd/. r .. .......... 92% 05
Soo|Paclflc Ma 11.;.... 43% 43% 43»4 44%
41,400 Perm R R Co;*.. 42% 141% 142% 142>5i
,4.7W People's- Gas..^lc*%lloB- 106** !(>;%
.:..... P. C.C &.St L.Uv..'..... 75 81
....... s Do Pfd........ ..;•.. ..... 102% iai
400 Pressed Steel Car] '40' 30% 39% 40
....... Do pfd... ...;.!..... ..... 94
\u25a0.. Pullman Car Co. ...:. ..... 233- 242 -
5.200 Ry Steel Sprtn^J 30% 34% 35i C6^
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CaLJS, FRIDAY;; JULY 7. : 1905.
j Do pfd..... ;:...! 08M oo ,
lS7.ooo.Readlng 107% 104%|106% 107
300 Do Ist pfd.... 94% 91%| 02% »3Vi
3.100 Do 2d pfd..... 93H 92% 92% 93
1.100 Republic S & 1. . 20 x A 19% 20 '20«4
2,300 Do pfd SI SO 80% 81
500 Rubber Goods... 34^4 34% 84 34%
100 Do pfd.. 104 i/i 104% 104 105
SOOSloss S S & I Co 64% 83% 84 Vi 54%
Do pfd 10G 110 \u25a0
St J4OI .: 14% 17
'.. Do Ist pfd 1.... 49 62
Do 2d pfd..... ..... . 23 24
Lehigh Valley ..... <>3T4 «4
StL &SF Ist pfd . . 76 78
1.400! Do 2d pfd ... 63% 67H «7% 158^4
600StL&SW... 23-4 22% 23% 24.
SOO Do Pfd 62% 02 C 2% 63
H.lOOiSouthern Pao .. 65% 64V4 04:| 65
400 Do pfd 117% 117 V* 117% 117%
1.400 Southern Ry ... 33 32% 32% 32%
Do pfd 97% 98%
Standard Oil : 615 620
Standard It & T -% 1
ll,7Co|Tenn Coal & I. 91^ 00 90% 91 .
' Texas P L T Co ......:... 41 43%
..'.... .(Texas Pacific 84 34%
1,300 Third Avenue ..131 12S 123% 130%
Toledo R&T Co ..... 33% 34& V
100 Toledo St L & W 38% 35% 38% BS?4
SOO 1 Do pfd ...... 67% 57 J4 57% STH
....r..|ft-wln City R T 114 .114%
j 200|Unlon Bag &P. 11% 11W ll n H
200 Do pfd 73*4 73U '73 .73%
125,700 Union Pacific . . ISOU 12ST* 130>4 130%
400 Do Pfd 07% 07% 97% 99^
Do cony 4s 130- 130%
United Cepper ••• 22, 22%
500 United R of S F 64% 61% C4Vi C 4«
Do pfd 56% 87%
Do 4S4 S B ' J Vi Ou
1.300 U S Cast Iron P 31% 31 30vi SI
Do pfd M o?Vfr
U S Express 122% 125
1.600 U S Leather ... 13% 12% 12% 14
U S Realty & C.... 00. 91
SOO U S R & R Co. 63 | 32% 32)4 32%
. . Do pfd • 45% 49
21.600 U S Rubber ... 44% \u25a0"%,*•s*;'
4.300 DO pfd 110 M lpgtS 109' i 110%
40.900 U S Steel Cor .. 33% 32% 83 iJ%
320C0 Do Pfd 100% 00% 100% 100%
2 500 Va-Car Chem Co 37 35% 35T* 30 '
200 Do pfd 107% 107%10(5 107%
200Wabasn V. M% W \*s >»*
200 Do pfd 40% -40V4 40J4 40%
100 Do deb Bs ... 72% 72% .-% .3
Wpllv Karcro Ex •^*** •*>».'
"•*VOO Western Union.. 93% 93% M% 03%
100 WestlJighouse ..168 163 04 10,
Do l=t Pfd ... .'. IS- 183 . .
••"l'66w&LE P .. ... 16 16 15% 10%
; DO Ist Pfd ... 40 40%
Do 2d pfd •• 2 *% H5.^4H 5 .^ 4
"i;ib6 Wisconsin Cen.. 24% 24% 23% 2.%
IOOt Do pfd 52 51% 51% 51%f
S3s.9oo— Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .103% | Japan 6s, cert.... 100%
Do coupon 103H Japan 6s. 2d ser. 0&%
Do 3s reg 103% Japan 4%5. cert \u25a0•• »JJ».
Do coupon 104 U& N unified 45.104%
Do new 4a reg.l32 Man con gold 49.104%
Do coupon 132% Mcx Central 45... .i%
Do old 4s reg..104 Do Ist 1nc.... 21%
Do coupon 104 Minn &St L 45.. 90%
Amer Too 4s 75% M. X & Texas 4s. 101%
Do 6s 114% Do 2d3 .... S(i%
Atch pen 4s 103Tfe NR of Mcx eon 4s 82%
Do adj 4s 97 NY C gen 3%5.^99£
Atlantic C L 43.102 NJ C gen 65.... 133%
Bait & Ohio 4s. .105% Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Do 3%s W Do 3s y.l}.
Central of Ga 55.113% Nor & W con 45.10.j
Do Ist 1nc.... 96% O S L refdg 45... 96%
Do 2d 1nc....: SI Pa cony 3%s 104%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.108 Reading gen 45... 101%
Chi & Alton 3%e. 60 SL& I M con 55.116^
C, B & Q new 45.101% St L & S F fg 4s. 53%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 82% St L S W con 4s. 91%
Do col 55...... 94% Seaboard A L 4s. 89%
C.C.C & SLsn 45.102% So Pacific 4s 93? i
Chi Term 15..... 95% So Railway 55.... 118-^
Colo Midland 45.. 75 Tex & Pac 15t5..121%
Colo &So 5s 95 Tol. St L& W 4s. 85%
Colo Ind ss, ser A 75 Union Pacific 45.. 11*5%
Do sb. ser 8... 74 Do cony 4s 130
Cuba 5s cert 106% US Steel 2d 55.. 91%
Den & Rio G 4s.lOO',fc Wabash lets I'T'i
Dlf« Securities 5s 80 Do deb B Vi
Erie prior lien 45.101 Western Md 45... j
Do gen 4s 03% W & L Erie 45... 91J4
F W & D C 15t5.112% Wls Central 45... 1»4%
Hock Val 4%5...110
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 30! Little Chief 05
Alice 58 Ontario 4 CO
Breece 30 Ophir « 2o
Ilruns Con 05 Phoenix 01
Comstock Tunnel. OS Potosl 10
Con Va Mln Co.. 1 30 Savage 33
Horn Silver 175 Sierra Nevada.... 2:>
Iron Silver 3 15, Small Hopes 30
Leadville Con CtflStandard 1 25
Itoxton Stockit nnd IJomls.
Money— \u25a0 J U S Steel . 33%
Call loans 3%®4 Do pfd 100%
Time loans 3%@4% Westing Common. S2
Bonds — . Mmmg — -
Atchison 4S4 S 102% Adventure 4
Do adj 4s 96 Allouez 27%
Mcx Central 45.. 70 Amal Copper .... 52%
Railroads— Amer Zinc .... ..* 8
Atchison 54% Atlantic 14%
Do pfd 102,4 Blngham 28
Boston & Albany.2ss% Calumet & Hecla.64s
Boston &. Maine. 175 Centennial 18
Boston Elev .....167 Copper Range ... 69
Fltchburg prd 145 Daly Wf«t ....... 13%
Mcx Central ..... 21% Dom Coal 81
N Y. N H & H..1W% Franklin 9%
Pere Marquette... 98 Granby 0
Union Pacific ...130% Isle Royale 20
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 7%
Ain.-r Arge Chem. 23% Michigan 12%
Do pfd 90 Mohawk ; 40%
Amer Pneu Tube. 6 Mont Coal * Coke 1%
Amer Sugar ....139% Old Dominion ... 24
Do pfd 137 Osceola 90
Amer. Tel & Te1. 139% Parrot 22%
Amer Woolen ...~37U Quincy 99 •
Do pfd 104 Shannon ......... 7%
Dom Iron & 5... 2:i% Tamarack 117
Ed Elect 11ium. .245 Trlnttv - 8
Gen Electric 179 United Copper ... 22%
Mass Electric 19% U S Mining 28%
• Do pfd 63 U S Oil 101,4
Mans Gas 45 Utah 43%
United Fruit IOGH Victoria. 3
Un Shoe Mach... 66% Wlnona 10%
Do pfd 21% Wolverine ICO .
London Closing; Stocks.
Cons for money.. 90% N V Central ....152%
Do for acct 90% Nor & Western... 88
Anaconda 5% Do pfd ........ 93
Atchison ........ 87 Ont & Western:.. 54%
Do pfd 105 Pennsylvania 73
Bait & Ohio ..117 Hand Mines ..... 9<£
Can Pacific 150 Reading 54
Che* & Ohio 53% Do In pfd 47%
Chi Great West.. 21 Do 2d pfd 4i!%
Chi. Mil & St P.lB-{% So nailway ...... 33%
D« Deers 16% Do pfd 1(10%
Den & Rio G.... 31% So Pacific ....... OHH
Do pfd 89 Union Pacific i:m%
Erlt> 48 Do pfd 100%
Do Ist pfd 84 X U- S Steel 33%
Do 2d pfd 74« Do pfd ........102%
111 Central .171% Wabash 20%
Louis & Na5h... .152% Do *fd '.. .. 41%
M. X A Texas... 20% Spanish 4, ....... m
Bar sliver — Steady; 27d per ounce.
Money— l@lVi Per cent, i .
l*he rate of discount in ' the open market
for short bills Is 1 1-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 1% per cent. .
IVe-ir York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 6.— Cotton future* opened
Irregular. July, 10.45 c; August, lo.30c; Sep
tember, 10.40 c: October.-- 10.50 c: | November,
10.61 c; December, 10.G3c; January. lO.tfOc;
February, 10.7-' c; March,-- 10.74 c: Mny, 10.80 c.
Cotton future* closed very steady, s July,
lO.Cftc: August, 10.C5c; September, 30.70 c; Oc
tober. 10.70 c; November. 10.53 c; December,
J0.8»c: January, lO.ftlc: February, 10.!)(ic -
March. 10.03 c; April. . 11.01 c: May, 11. 03 c. .
Spot closed quet. Middling uplands, 11.10 c;
middling culf. 11.35 c. Sales, 6500 bales.
Xcvr York Grain nnri Produce.
NEW YORK. July ' 6.— FLOUR— Receipts
22,400: exvtirtti, 5200; quiet and barely etendy,
WHEAT— Receipts, lOOt) bushels; spot bare
ly steady. No. 2 red. $1 07 elevator; No. 2
red. $1 CBM f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Du
luth. $1 19^4 f. o. b. afloat ;rNo. 1 bard Mani
toba. $1 12 f. o. b.- afloat. ,
!In view of more bearish 5 weather and crop
news from the Northwest wheat, was generally
weaker to-day, losing a cent a bushel. -, On«
or two moderate rallies occurred on bulliuli
prH'atc winter • wheat estimates and coverina
of Ehorts, but the market clo*ed hea\-y at- «i©
l%c net decline. July. 94"4J/fisc, closed 04Uc;
September. 00 13-I60l)l%c, closed OOUc; De
cember. W>%<Bol>4c. closed COTic.
HOPS— lrre--ular. \u25a0
HIDES— DuII.
WOOL— Steady. . : . . =
PETROLEUM— Easy./ ,
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, net un
changea to 5 points lower. Sales. 33,500 bags;
including: September. 6.50@«.85c; , October.
fl.f>s@6.Csc; November. 7.05 c; December, 7.05@
7.10 c: March. ' 7.25@7.30a : Spot— Rio, quiet;
No. 7 Invoice. 7T4c; mild, steady; Cordova' 10
@13c - '\u25a0: :• <\u25a0- "•• : '\u25a0'\u25a0 : '-\u25a0': \u25a0•\u25a0:. \u25a0 \u25a0'-: -'.
SUGAR— Raw, dull; "fair refining, - 3 9-16<3
S%c; centrifugal, 0C . test, 4 3-lOe; molasses
susap, .'1 5-lO<fi3%c; refined. . steady. t ,-.-.•-<
\u25a0 BUTTER— Steady, unchanged; : receipts
10,457.^ '•\u25a0-'\u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0 !\u25a0: \u25a0K i --U'.-. -\u25a0 - ....
CHEESE— Quiet, uncharted. *-^©P
EGGS — Finn. , State: 1 of Pennsylvania : and
-*e«rby : fancy selected 1 white.. 22c: do choice,
20@21e : L do mixed e.xtra, 19®20c : ' Western ex.
trs. 17017% c; do flrsts.. 16@10V4c; Southerns,
12515 c. ,- \u25a0\u25a0 v\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 •\u0084.-\u25a04. \u25a0-. -v. - - •\u0084-....,,'.
- DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES-^Thc : market con
tinues very firm. C%c being asked ln'some Jn
etancee for - future - shipments .' of- prime- fruit
Common to good are quoted ; at 4'4c;- prime at
6c: choice.' 6%c; fancy, 7e.":\. \u0084 •\u25a0\u25a0
. PRUNES— Remain* quiet .'on I spot, but-, the
tone of . the : market xis firm. - and a better ' de
maud L is 2 reported - f ori future ; ehipments . from
the . coast." . Spot quotations • range . from 2%@
Be, according :to' trade. /:..• ' . ; . .
AFRICOTS^-Remain as. recently reported.
choice quoted at 10@10%c, extra choice at lie
and fancy at- 12@15c. -'\u25a0\u25a0 . .'.- .'-"''\u25a0',
PEACHES— Are strong; in tone." owing to the
advancing tendency. of the market for futures,
but spot > quotations are • unchanged, with : a
light demand.; Choice are quoted at 10@10i4c;
extra choice, 10%@10%c;. fancy. 11 %@l2c.
RAISINS — Are in moderate demand and rule,
steady to firm/ Loose Muscatels are 'quoted at
6}iS<J}4c; seeded raisins, s«^@G%c; London
layers, :sl@l ls. ; -\u25a0; -'.» ; .i
Xevr York - Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 6. — The London. tin mar
ket added slightly to the advance of yesterday,
closing at £140 9s for spot and £139 5b for fu
tures. The local market was firm in sympathy
with spot, quoted at $30 70@31. ' .
"••Spot cepper was unchanged; at -'£66 In Lon
don, but futures were a shade lower at £66 Is
3d. \u25a0 Homo dealers are still said to be holding
for $15 25 for lake,' but the demand is moderate,
and, generally speaking, both lake and electro
lytic are quoted at $15 and casting at $14 45.
Lead was firm \u25a0 but , uncnanged at $4 50@4 60
in the local 'market and'higner at £13 12s 6d
in London. "\u25a0' "\u25a0'. ~ - '\u25a0' .
Spelter was unchanged In both markets," clos
ing at. ss 30 locally and at £23 17s 6d in Lon
don.- . . .;-\u25a0 '. \u25a0\u25a0*•\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0 '- \u25a0--' '• -.' "\u25a0•'\u25a0 ".':\u25a0 '.C\- : 'K
Iron closed at 40s 4d in Glasgow and at 45s
Cd In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed. . No. 1 foundry -is, quoted at $16 25©
16 50;- No. 2 do. $15 50@l«; No. 1 do. South
ern, $10 25(215 73; No. 1 do, eoft. $15 23@16;
No. 2 do soft. $14 75@15 25. -/ s *
Grain ' Movements.
NEW YORK. July '<$."— Special cables and
telegraphic communications received by Erad
street's • show the '-following changes In: the
movement of grain; . , \u25a0: .'
Wheat — United States and Canada, j east of
Rockies, decreased 1.005.C00 bushels; afloat
for and m Europe, increased 1.500.000 bushels;
total supply, decreased 105.000 bushels. .
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased 2.104.000. |
- Oats — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 113.000.
CHICAGO BOAROi OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provision's.
CHICAGO. July U— The wheat market wa*
weak from the start. September was down
%c to 'Ac to ii@%*: at'72%(j<2!%<.v
The main . factor, of weakness was the im
proved weather condition, a . contributory fac
tor was the decline in the price of wheat at
Liverpvjol. Sellers wer* given increased i en
courasenient by -the movement \u25a0of 'wheat In
the Southwest. This led to heavy selling of
the July option and there was a sharp decline
In the price of that delivery. Other months
were decidedly affected by the profit taking In
July. Uerore the end ot the lirst hour Sep
tember had declined to. SO'/^c. On' the break
commission houses purchased, frirely. The buy
lug resulted In a quick upturn, September ad
vancing to S7%@S7»io. The rally was helped
by a dual report made by : twi> well-known
crop experts tstlmaUng tha total yield ot win
ter wheat at 350,0u0,000 bushels to 305.000.0C0.'
whereas inferences from Government ' figures
make the yield about 435,000,000. The mar
ket, however, lacked any fresh damage re
portsUo give confidence • to the bulls, and on
that account « reaction soon occurred, follow
ing renewed liquidation. A prominent long
was credited with liberal sales during the last
hour of -.trading. The market closed ' weak,
with September l^c down, at SC%®SO%c.
'Sentiment in thecorn pit Inclined the bull
ishness.. A firm tone prevailed at the close.'
September closed at 65Uc.
Weakness of wheat caused moderate profit
taking In pats, resulting in an easy market^
September closed }4<? off at 311-Je* \JT
Provisions were firm at the start as a rptrflt
of decreased receipts of hogs. The slump in
wheat| however, caused some profit taking,
resulting in a slight Ices. At the close pork
and lnrd were each dowit^^c and ribs were
a shade lower. f ~~^-
Close: Wheat— No. 1 hard, $1 13; No. 1
Northern, fl 11; No. 2 Northern, $1 05; July,
$108: September. .02 &@92%c; December,
os%c:
The' leading futures ranged as follows: '
Articles — Open. High.. Low. Close.
Wheat No. .2 — V \u25a0. • .\u25a0 ..
July nOU .0014 : SB% ; S>%
September . 87% 87% 8?H - 56%
December ; S7Vi 57% S6i,i 56%
Corn No. 2—2 —
July (eld) fi« SGT4 55% • 56VS
July (now). . : 55»i 56T, 55% MV*
Septembpr (old) 55%. . 5<5 f>s% S.' l^
Sept. (new).... 55^i fts^ \u25a0• 55 55%
Deo. (new) ..,. 40^ 40li 49 '49> s '
Oats No. 2— '
July 32% .*!2% 321J 32X4
September . 31% «1% 81 31 V 4
December ; . 31*4 S2 Sl% 31%
I Mess rork, per' bb! —
July 12 55 12 B5 12 50 12 50
September .....12 85 12 S5 12 72*4 12 75
October 12 85 12 85 12 77^12 80
Lard, per ICO lbs —
July 7CO 7 G2is 7 57^ 7 57^
September 7h5 735 725 725
October ..7 37% 7,37% 7 32^ ....
Short rits, per 100 lbs —
July 7flOjj 7 r.21/4 7 50V4 "7 57^
September ..... 7 85 \u25a0 7 85 7 77>4 7 B<>
October 785 785 '7 80 7 SZ\i
Cash Grain and Provision)*.
CHICAGO, July G.— Cash quotations were as
follows: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ...\u25a0-\u25a0.,•\u25a0 . .-
Flour steady. No. 2 spring wheat, $1 10®
1 15; No. 3. $1 05@l 10: No. 2 red. 91iA@02i4c:
No. 2 ccrn, 57c; No. 2 yellow, 57Vic; ..No. 2
oats. 32% c; No. 2 white. 33^i^34V4c-. No. 3
white, 32V4@3.'t%c; good feeding barley 42®
44c; fair to choice .malting, 47@-49c; No. 1
flaxsesd, $1 25; 'No. 1 .Northwestern, $1 43;
prime timothy, seed. $3 2503 30: mess pork,
pc rbbl. $12 !35<ftl2 CO: lard, per 100 lbs, $7 05;
short ribs tides (loose), $7 55^7 ( )3: short clear
sides (boxed), $7 75©7 57%; whisky, basis of
high wines. $127; clover, contract grade.
$12 25tf13.
Articles — : Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bble 22,700 17,400
Wheat .bu 53.000 9,20(1
Corn bu 944,<W> 167.300
Oats, bu 401,700 181,700
Rye. bu 1,000
Barley, bu 109,200 ' 9.300
Butter, Cheese and EgK».
CHICAGO. July. 0. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. ICi@2oc; dairies, 15@18c. Eggs
steady: at mark, cases Included, 13c; firsts,
14c; prime. 15& c. Cheese easy, 9%@lo^c.
BASTEItN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 6.— CATTLE — Receipts, SOOO.
Slow and steady. Opod to prime steers, $5 50@
6 25; poor to medium, $3 80©5 30; stockers and
ffedsre, $2 5Q@4 30; cows, $3Q>4 50: heifers.
$2 nc®s 10: canner3. $1 50@3; bulls. $2@4;
calves, $.I@C 25. * ,-.-.'
HOGS — Receipts I to-day, j 20.000; to-morrow,
22.000.*. Steady to 5c higher. Mixed and butch
era, $5 30©5 liO; good to choice heavy. $5 50®
r>t:s- rough heavy, $5®5 33; light, $5 40©5 CO:
bulk* of -sales. $5 47&@5 57&. /
SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000. Steady. Fair to
choke mixed. \u25a0 $3 30®4 15; Western sheep, $4 60
©.140- native lambs, including spring lambs.
$4 50ft 8 23: Western lambs, $4 50@7 50.
' \u25a0 '. Omnlin.
OMAHA. July «.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3500.
Market about sntfady. ' Native steers, $3 703
6 *5: cows nnd hellers. $3(gM SO; Western steers,
$3 2504 75: Texas uteere, SI 75®2 65; cows and
heifers, $2 755J4; calves,' $365 50; bulls' and
stags, $2 2504 40. '
HOGS— Receipts, 10.000. Steady. "- Heavy,
: $5 2O@>s 27}(.; mixed. $5 22^05 25; light, $5 25
«55 30: pigs. $4@r>: bulk of sales. $5 22H@5 27Vi:
SHEEP — Recclpth. 6000. Active and strong.
Western yearlings. $4 75@6 50; wethers. $4 75®
5 40; ewes, $J©s: lambs. $0 50<8? 50. \u25a0
' Knnsnn City. "
KANSAS CITY. July"6.— CATTLE— Receipts.
10 000. Steady to a shade : lower. . Native
steers, $4 75@fi 50; \u25a0 native cows and helferi,
$2 2555 16; stockers and feeders,- $2 7504 50;
bulls. $2-25<M ; calves. $33)5 25; Western fed
steers, $4©5 25: Western fed Cows, $3@4 50. .
jiooS Recelpta.V 9000. Weak to 5c lower.
Bulk' of i>ales $5 35@5 40; .heavy. $5 30(@5 35;
pai-k^rs, $5 35^5 40; pigs and light, $5 30@>5 40,
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Strong and active.
Muttons,'. $4 40#5 76; lambs, $5 76@7 40; range
wethera, $4 75(80 75: fed ewes, $4 25<J5 75.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Forel-rn Futures.
T {LIVERPOOL.,
Wheat— ' : J" \u25a0\u25a0- Jiily- '.*\u25a0'! Sept. Dec.
Opening . •• 8 11 • C ltMj « 10U
Closing... .....Oil 6 10% 6 10H
PARIS.
: Wheat— \u25a0 July. - Nov.-Feb.
Opening ..........:........ 24 80 22 S5
Clo3lng :....... 24 30 22 SO
Flour — . -' L' ; -'- \u25a0•' »
Obening 31 10 30 60
Closing ......'.......... 31 00 80 40'
. \u25a0 '*::\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 .:.\u25a0'. '-- -— ""— — T~~ :"\u25a0 . \: .-: \u0084 ;
New Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW ORLEANS. July «.— Prices rose stead
ily in, the cotton market to-day until averaging
thirty points on active; future: positions was
recorded.. ,- , .\u25a0\u25a0;-. ''r^.'y;
• St. Lonls Wool Market.
ST.TLOUIS, July 6.— WOOL^— Steady. ..Terri
tory and Western i mediums. '2a©2Bc; fine me
dium, 24i5 27c; flne^lOS^C^
v Liverpool ; Cotton Market.
LIVERPOOL, .July. 6.— The 'cotton
hero closed v flrm at a 1 net; gain of six points. \u25a0
St. LonU Wool Market.'\
. ST." LOUIS. July B.— Wool steady."^ Medium
grades, > combing . and I clothing. 26@S0^o ; j light
fine, 21027 c; heavy fine. 18(g22c; : tub. washed.
82C42c..;.>----".''"''-.'i-;-4 : '.'•'•'' — -r"~ —.':.;'\u25a0' .'": :'\u25a0\u25a0' •\u25a0\u25a0-.•..•;
\u0084,; London : . Wool Sales.
: LONDON;. July O.—Tjhe;- offerings' \u25a0 at the
wool t sales to-day , amounted 4 to ; 13.273 bales.'
Competition « was ; spirited s throughout \u25a0' the ses
alon. • ' Crossbreds were In large supply and bid
ding for < them I was I keen jat 1 hardening | prices.
Wools suitable for.' American*- realized extreme
rates, "lfl^id berng paid- for su pier greasy.- Good
heavy ".! halfbreds j heavier y skirted • v were -'also
taken by* Americans, r .; -. . ' .' \u0084....;;
Northern Wheat Market.'
: o OREGON.
\u25a0• PORTLAND. July C— WHEAT : For ; export
—Club, S2@B3c; Bluestem,' SSJJSSc.
< , WASHINGTON. . "•.\u25a0.'
TACOMA. =July O.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Milling— Bluestem. SBc; Club, ,82c
Northern' Business. .
TACOMA. July 6.— Cleanings, $561,427; bal
ances, $48,802.
t3EAVx*ui:. July . 6.— Clearings, $1,162,643;
balances. Solti.COO. \u25a0
PORTLAND. July o.— Clearings. $1,006,818;
balances. $15i»,530. •,> \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'",' .
SPOKANE. July 6.— Clearings, $525,063; bal
ances. $4(5,361. ~ •:-. ., ; . -,
LOCAL MARKETS.
f-V •--•'-.'\u25a0 v Exchnnjie auil Bullion.
The Custom-house value of the Mexican do!-'
lar for the quarter beginning July 1- remain 3
at 40.8 cents for goods Invoiced from Mexico
and has been, fixed at • 45.S cents for goods
from all ; other ~ countries. The- former Is the
gold standard value of the, Mexican dollar and
the latter the; computed : bullion value.
: local.
Sterling Exchange" sixty'. days.. — @4 55%
Sterling Exchange*, sight ... — ®4 81%
Sterling Exchange, cables ; . . . . , @4 S&%,
New York Exchange, sight — @ ,07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ® 10
Silver, per ounce '.. BB%© —\u25a0:
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....... 45 tf 47ft
. . INTERNATIONAL.
Xw York on Paris .5.15%
New York on Mexico 202
Paris on London .................... ..25. 13^4
Berlin on London ..... ................20.47k
Wheat nml Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures higher. "Chicago was %c lower.
In this* market- futures were higher, with a
good trade, but the cash situation was as pre
viously quoted. - • - -..
Minneapolis wires: Jones and Inglls make
winter Wheat crop 3C5.000.C00 bushels on
Government -acreage and 850.000,000 -on State
Bureau acreage
CASH WHEAT (OLD).
California Club. $1 ,47%@1 52%; , California
White Australian, $1 <W@l 65; Northern
Club $1 50® 1 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 C2H;
Northern Red $1 50@l 5Hi per ctl; lower
trades of Wheat. $1 :50®l 43 per ctl. . >.
FUTURES. ,
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. -•\u25a0-* Low. Close.
December ...$1 42V6 H 42% $1 *2% $1 42V4
2 d. 'm. session. . '
\u25a0 - Open. Hlrb. Low. Close.
December ...$142% $143 $1 42% $1 42%
BARLEY— The market was firmer ' yester
day, with cash grain and futures both higher.
The . trading In futures was heavy and the
advance was due to light receipts and reports
frohi the country that the .crop was not turn
ing out as well as expected.' From 'the Butte
and Colusa ' sections come reports that the
crop will be 80 per cent un<W previous esti
mates, as the threshing returns are making
an unfavorable showing. TWs talk has re
duced the estimates of many operators from
a 700,000-ton crop to afcout a 500, 000- ton crop.
Hence the current^Jlfmness.
N ; CASH BARLEY. /
Feed, 02W»^(%c for new; old Brewing,
$1 27V4©lJPff; Chevalier, new. $I©l 10 per cU.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
_^S Open. High. Low. Close.
J<Ccember ... 91% «2 01% 92
Seller yr.new 00 90 " 90 .90
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 92 » 93 91% 61%
OATS — Are doing better again owing to
lighter receipts andftthe Improvement In Bar
ley, and prices are about 2V40 higher' all
around. The demand is better and offerings
are much smaller
Red., $1 27^01 30 for fancy. $1 2C@l 25 for
good to choice and $1 12^@1 17 Vi tor com
mon. No other descriptions offering. ..,
CORN — Previous prices rule for the staple
descriptions, with the tone steady and the
demand fair. Egyptian Corn is scarce , and
higher.
Western sacked. $1 37 14®1 40 for Yellow.
$1 37i^@l 40 for White and ?1 30@l 37^ for
Mixed: California large -Yellow. J>l 4C@l 45;
small round do. $1.47Vi@l 50; White. $1 37 \i@
1 40; Egyptian. $1 404j1-5y for White-- and
$1 3501 40 for Brown.
RYE — Spot offerings are light, burthe mar
ket is q'ulet and weak at $1 H"gl 50 per ctl,
according to quality. . • -
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@2 25 per ctl. with the
top lisrure lor seed lots..
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, t* 800
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70®5:
Oregon and I Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. I
FARINACEOUS GOODS— Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100
lbs; Rye Flour, $:{*7s (In barrels $4 75); Rye
Meal. $3 50 Un barrels, $4 50): Rice Flour,
$8; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 75;
Oat Meal. $4 25® 1 50; Oat Groats. $4 50»
Hcmlny .$3 7504; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@
4 75: Cracked Wheat. $:» 75: Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour $3 50- Rolled Oats, bbls.
$H 60@7 50; in sacks. $6@7; Pearl Barley, <ti;
Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per
ICO- lbs. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . . .
May and Feedstuff*.
The Hay dealers are quoting a firmer mar
ket, especially for choice grades, which are In
moderate receipt at present. In fact, choice
old Hay. is about gon«. At the same time
they feay that the market is In such condition
that any marked increase in receipts would
probably break it.
\u25a0 There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— S2I 50®22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?2S &o<g2B 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $23624 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 50&22 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $33 00«?3» 50; Jobbing,.
$35; Cocoanut Caks at mill. $22Q'22 50; Jobbing,
$23; Cocoanut Meal at mill. $2203360; jobbing.
$23; Corn Meal, $.'5O 50(93150: Cracked Corn.
$31©32; Mixed Feed, $22 50@24; Horse Beans,
$30^40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl:
Calf alia Meal, carload lots. $21; Jobbing. $22 50
I*t ton; Mealfalfa, $18 in car lots and $20
for smaller quantities. \u25a0 ,
HAY — Old crop — Wheat, $10@14: Wheat
and Oat, $9*313: Oat. $S^l2; Barley and
Oat. $S(filo 50; Volunteer Wild Oatr~ $7«S»;
stable. $7 5009; stcck, $3 50©7 50; -Clover, *7@
10; Alfalfa. $7#lo per ton. New crop— s3ol'
for Wild Oat. $t>@U for Sown Oat. $3® 13 50
for Wheat and $7#12 for Wheat ana Oat;
Alfalfa, $C®9. . •
STRAW— 30@50c per bale. >";'-\u25a0 i ','\u25a0 i
Beans and Seeds.
There are no further changes In Beans, the
market for most descriptions ruling firm...
BEANS — Baycs, $3 50«-l; Pea, $:>fc3 DO; But
ter, )|2 50@i; small White, $3 25<£fc$ 75; large
White, $2 5C©2 90; Pink, $1 00@2 50 for fftlr
to good and $3 2j@3 75 for ~ choice; seed lots
are quoted up to 54; Red, $3 50® 7; Lima,
$B 70@5 75; Red Kidneys, $.;#4 50; : Blackeyes.
$3g:J 15 per ctl;. Horse -Beans. $1 £o@2.
SEEDS — Brown • Mustard, ( nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: .Flax, :. $2 25i&2 75; Canary,
e^c; AlfaKa. 10@llc for California and 12«
13e for Utah; Rape, 2%@3%c; Timothy, nomi
nal; Hemp, 3>4<s per lb; Millet, - 2%£»V&c;
Broom C6rn ; Seed. $20<@2i per ton.
' DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2tf2 25; Green Pea*.
$150<52 per ctl.- , P : : : 7:
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were light yesterday,
digging having ceased, temporarily in the river
district* because of the heat. The market. was
moderately active and firm for choice white,
particularly box lots, but scorched and other
wise . poor stock . continued to drag -at low
prices... The first carload of Salinas Burbanks
for the season was on ' sale and sold from
first hands ,at lc per . pound. Yellow Onions
were easier under more liberal offering* and
there . was no improvement in the demand for
Red. ;.\: \u25a0."..,:-\u25a0 •\u25a0.-\u25a0..\u25a0
Prices \u25a0• of miscellaneous vegetables had
sllpht \u25a0 variation and the general tone of the
market; was one of easiness.. One special
brand' of Green '\u25a0 Cf>'" ' • • • '•'\u25a0at^s from Alameda
sold np'to $1 73, but it was difficult to obtain
over. $1 25 for the general run of offerings.
E^g Plant and Green Peppers were in i In
creased supply , and were selling by -the box
In some instances. There was continued firm
ness in Peas and Tomatoes. It is reported
that the crops of Peas »ln the fields around the
bay have suffered considerably from "the hot
weather.- ' -
POTATOES — New— Early - Rose. 75<SS5c per
ell;. ; White. 50c@$l Per ctl. with, some fancy
higher; Garnet Chiles," 70@S0c per ctl.' I \u25a0
ONIONS— Red, 40@75c per sack; yellow,
$1 15®1 35 per ctl." . : -
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 3<?6c per lb«
Green Peas.' -$1 256 1 75 per sack; String and
Wax Beans, l>,i@2c per lb: Tomatoes, smalt
boxes -and crates, $1 OOtfl 75: • large boxes.
$3@3 50; Rummer Squash. 30S>40c per box:, C
ucumbers, $I@l 25 per; box for bay and 63©S5c
for river; Cabbage, 50c per ctl: Carrots. 75c©Sl
per /sack;. Garlic. Cc . per lb: Egg Plant. 1 6c
pef lb; Dried Peppers,- 10@12>4c for sun-dried
and 13®14c per lb for evaporated; Green Pep
pers ilO^l^^cper .lb;;Green Corn, -75c©$l 25
per sack and $1@1, 75 per crate.
Poultry; mill Game.
Trade \u25a0 in ! Poultry was 1 still of small propor
tions, but first-class chickens. ' such as • young
Roosters and large Hens. -were a ' llttls steadier
under continued light receipts. .. Small ' and old
Chickens .continued -.:', to" \u25a0 drag .at \ irregular
prices, i*. Other 'kinds 'of Poultry were -In free
supply sand the * market >- was weak : for; every
thing-except-young Turkeys. •" - ; - ; .. •• •\u25a0 _ .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. . 10<520c per lb for
Old \u25a0 and - 24@28c for - young; / Geese, per pair."
Jl 25@1 50;' Gosling 3. '; $1 25@1 75: Ducks. $i®
S4 50 per s doxen "> for » old r and $3 50@4 50- for
young: Hens, $4@4 50 for small and $5#3 for
large:'young Roosters, $6@7; old Roosters,S4^
4 50; Fryer"/ *3 50@4 50; Broilers.' $1 78@2 25
for . -rmall and $2 5003 for large : Pigeons, $1 25
©1 50; Scmabs. $1 60. " • ' \u0084. . - " '
GAME— Hare,- *1 SOS>I 75 per dozen; Cotton
tail. Rabbits; $1 6002 per. dozen. • . ,
Butter. Cbee-ie and Ebbt*-.
r \u25a0' Generarrtsonditlons - remain > about ' the Fame,
all i three \u25a0 descriptions vbelngj dull \u25a0 and in i large
supply. Quotations for. Cheese 7 are \u25a0 slowly .. de
clining/ and It : takes a * fancy j article \u25a0to bring
over 6%c. -s while - stocks t are 's. too \u25a0 large * and
accumulating. > * Butter continues ' to \u25a0 come in
out of . shape aP<l , very : sof t. \u25a0; and brands - ordl-
narily \u25a0 fancy 'are now merely firsts, and. In
fact. , often seconds. The Butter from "Maria,
Sonoma and other. near-by sources Is especially
affected' by the heat, and th« • Humboldt re
celpts are holding their own much better. Eggs
are qul£t at, the. prices which ., have ruled for
-ome time.' : - \u25a0 \u25a0 .." ' --.'
Receipts were 78.500 lbs : Butter. 1337 eases
Eggs and 17,900 4bs Cheese. . ». . -
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, : 19c for
extras and lSGlbVic for lower and' medium
srades: dairy. IT@l^>jC; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. ICSITc.
CHEESE— Fancy 10c; choice mild new. 9®
9 Vic: fair to good. Shic; Toons Americas.
ioy.f?llc; Eastern. XJ&loc per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 20c for large white selected
and IS® 19c for fair to choice; store Eggs. 16®
17% c; Eastern firsts, ISc: seconds. ISViSiTo
per. doxen. ..>'.:
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of • deciduous fruits, while still
large, were less liberal than prevtously and
with an Improved demand /for local consump
tion .' the market had a healthier tone, and
close clearances of come. varieties were readily
effected. Peaches: were In light supply and
higher and prices of Flams. Prune* and Apri
cots were steadier. One brand of • Plum*
known as the Peach variety sold up to 75«
per crate. Apricots In bulk were well carea
for by the regular trade at higher prices, ana
occasional sales for canning account were re
ported At $20 per ton. Fl«s were in light
receipt and firm at 65@730.f0r ordinary pack
ages and $1 for large river boxes. Apples ana
Peats were steady for choice st»ck. while low
grade offerings were neglected and weak. The
continued hot weather held Melons steady. The
first Nutmeg Melons for the season appeared
from Clarksburg, on the Sacramento River.
One small andlone large box came in and sold
for $1 and $2 respectively. Berries. ruled weak
under continued heavy receipts and surplus
lots J of Loganberries. . Raspberries and largo
Strawberries went to the canners at the In
side rates. All kinds of Citrus fruits ruled
firm under light supplies and a brisk demand.
Stocks of Lemons were extremely light and
available supplies .cleaned up readily at
sharply advanced quotations. The.- steamer
Santa Rosa, which arrived In the afternoon
from southern ports, brought less than 1000
boxes. v
STRAWBERRIES — Per chest. Lonjwortfas,
$2SO@3: 1«jt« varieties. $2 50@4.
RASPBERRIES— Per chest. $2 5094.
LOGANBERRIES— S2 50@3 5o per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— S2 50@4 per ch««t tor
choice and $1 25@2 for ordinary.
. HUCKLEBERRIES— I2He per Ib.
CURRANTS— S4OO- per chest.
APPLES— $1©1 33 per box for fancy, 75®
900 for eood to choice and 40@65c for com
mon.
APRICOTS— Crates. M©6oc: small boxes. 30
©50c: In bulk. $20925 per ton.
PEACHES— SmaII boxes. 50075 c; carriers
75cft$l: large boxes. $I©l 25: '
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 75©2 per hex for Noi
1 nnd t?sc'ff?l for No. 2; Dearborn Seedlings,
75c@$l 50 per box. - \u25a0
PLUMS— SmaII boxes and crates, 30©50 c;
Prunes. 40® 00c per crate and 35ftSOc p«r bas
ket.
NECTARINES— SOc p«r crate.
FIGS— Per box. 63c<&31. ' . "
MELONS — Cantaloupes, per crate, small,
.'lotoOvc: - medium. $1 2C©l 75; large-. $2&2 60;
Watermelons, $1 60<s"3 5u per dozen..
GRAPES-^sl@l 2s per crate. :. \
CITRUS FJRUlTS— Oranges. Navels. $3®
3 50; Mediterranean- Sweets. $1 -&Q2; Valen
ciaii. $3 50@4: St. Mlcharls, 51 75'a'Z 25: Lem
ous. $;( 50<Jjl for fancy. $3@3 25 for choice and
$2 5C(g2 75 for etandard; Grape Fruit. $1 s<>(J
2 50 : Mexican Lime*, $4@l 50 per crate;
Bananas, $2 50f?3 p«r bunch for Central Amer
ican and 51@1 75 ror Hawaiian; Pineapple*.
SI &OQ2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, >'u«», Ralalns and Honey.
A shortage in the Walnut crop, is now re
ported, though Its extent is not yet definitely
fixed. - \u25a0
\u25a0 The trade continue to report firm markets
for Fruits, but there, is. no* much doing, las
the old crops are about cleaned up and there
is little disposition among growers to sell for
future delivery in view of the rising markets.
This Is especially the case with Prunes, 'of
which the New York Journal of Commerce
says: "The market on the coast Is very
strong and some people there are talking of
a 3%c f. o. b. bag basis as a, probability of
the near future.". • \u25a0 \u25a0
The same paper reports .an active- demand
for all descriptions of California Raisins on
the spot or for . prompt shipment from the
coast. Loose -Muscatels are particularly want
ed, but the supply there Is virtually exhausted
and th-i small quantity available on the ccast
is held' at prided which buyers are not yet
ready to pay. For loose 3-crowns. 4%c f. o. b.
and for 4-crowns"4%c f.' o. b. is asked by
sellers on the. coast. Stocks of fancy seeded
Raisins there are light and the market Is
tending upward. On the coast nothing in the
way of seeded Is obtainable .except choice,
which buyers do not yet seem disposed 1 3
take hold of . • > •\u25a0
FRUlTS— Apricots, &%$Sc for new crop
Royals and 11%@12%c for' - Moorparks,
tuture delivery; Peaches, new crop. 3%@
6c for standards, 6®6%c for choice. 6%©
ti%c for extra choice and 6%@7%c
for . Fancy; Pears, .old. ."©lie;. Plums,
nominal; new Evaporated Apples, 6%@7c per
pound. '/ • ;
PRUNES — Old crop. 2®2%c: per lb for the
foui sizes and 2%@3c basis tor the large sizes.
No definite new crop quotations yet. Most
growers' refuse to' seU under lie -
.RAISINS — 1904 crop 1. o. b. Fresno — Dehesa
clusters. SI 35<gl 40:. London Layers, 85®95c;
Loose Muscatels. 4-crown, 4U&5c; 8-crown.
*Qi\ic; 2-crown. . -2%s>3c; Seedless, 5@6%c;
Thompson's Seedless, 4%@4%cr Seedless Sul
tanas, unbleached. 2%Q3c per lb. " "\u25a0•
- NUTS— Walnuts. No. : 1 eoftshell.- 12613c:
No. 2, 10@llc; No. 1 hardsheir;.l2c: No. 2.
10c; Almonda, le^Ke for Nonpareils, 15516 c
for I X Land Ne Plus Ultra and 11® 12a for
Langue«Joc:% Peanuts, 6S7c for Eastern: Pe
cans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 SOQS. \u25a0 \u25a0 - :
HONEY— Comb. 11©12% c for white and 93
10c for amber: water, white extracted. -5%@
6%c; light amber extracted, &&5%c; dark, ojj
4 He. .
BEESAVAX— 27#29c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy, Il»i©l3o for light medium. 13c for.llght,
13V£c for extra light and 1516616V&C for sugar'
cured: dry Salt Hides. 9y.e: Bellies, lie: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13%QH\ie; Califor
nia Hams, fl2Kc» Mess Beef. *lo per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50211; Family. $12: prime
Mess Pork, $14 50: extra* clear. 121; Mess,
$16 50: Pig Pork. $24; Pigs" Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb. - ...
LARD — Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and Oft c for pure: half-barrels, pure', lOVic;
10-lb tins, lO&c: 5-lb tins, 10% c; 3-lb tins,
10-Xc \u25a0 ~ . .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8?4c; tnre«
half barrels, BHc; one tierce. Sc; two tierces.
7%c; five tiercea, 7%c per lb.
'Hides,. Tallow, AA'ool nnd Hops..
, All conditions remain as before. Hops role
weak, \u25a0 with reported concessions by holders,
both en this coast and in " the New York
market. A steady demand* keeps the Hide
market well cleaned up. Wool is strong, with
no Mock here to speak of.* •-• -
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about %®lc under quotations.' Heavy . Salted
Steer?, 11 He; medium, lie:' light, lie: Cow
Hldss, 10i4c for heavy and 10c for lisht;
Stags 8c; Salted Kip. lO^Ac: Salted Veal. 11*, c;
Salted Calf. 12',ic: dry Hides. 13c; dry Kip.
lfliie: dry Calf. 21@22c; Sheepskins, shearings
."s€3f.c each; shcrt Woo!. cOSOOc each: medlam
W)c<gsl 23; Long Wool. $1 25®2; Horce ' Hides'.
salt/ $3 23 for large ami $2 75 ' for medium.
$175@2 25 for small. and 50c for Colts;^ Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75(ff2 for large and $1 30 for
medium." $1: for flmall'and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c: dry salted Mexican.
25c: dry Central -American. 3Cc. Gcat Skins-
Prime Angoras,"** 73c: extra ' large do, $1 23;
lar.ee. CCc: medium. 50c: small. Ssc. ' \u25a0 ' ' \
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%@4*.ic per lb:
No. 2. a^'^c; Grease, 25J2«4c. ;.
. WOOL — Spring clip — HumboMt and Mendo
cino, 2-i^.'!oc. Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs,
free, 10©21 c: do, defective, 17520 c per ID.
-HOPS — 1904 crop, .lS®2oc per lb; 1903 crop.
iec. • . •• - \u25a0 •' . *v \u25a0;:"\u25a0'-. ;
\u0084 Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rate's irdm slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: \u25a0 / : •
BEEF— S&S&C for Steers and 3}4&4ftc per
lb for Cows.. \u25a0•\u25a0/ •\u25a0\u25a0•••\u25a0 \u25a0 • .-- - •:
VEAL— Lar-rc, : ! e*sJ7c; small. 7® 3He parlb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6©7 c; ! Ewes. 53^^c
perlb. .-..,
. LAMB— S@Oc per" lb.- .
PORlC— Dressed Hogs. 6H@oc per.lb.- :*
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
\u25a0 Tho following quotation* are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less iOQ
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: \u25a0 ..-.'
CATTLE— Steers. 7*i©7Vic: Cows and Heif
ers. s%®t>>^c:- thin J Cows. 4©sc per 'lb.- -
CALVES— 4©4V£c per lb (gross, weightj^
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^@3%c; Ewes. -3@3Vic
per lb (gross weight). - •. .
- LAMBS— $2 503-2 .75 per. head. V
HOGS— LJvc Hogs. 130 to 200 lbs. . 55i@Cc:
over 200 lbs. sSi!g">' l »ic- L Feeders, nominal: Sows,
20 per cent^off; 'Bcart, \u25a0 50 per- cent' eff, and
Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. '.3?7Kc: Wool Bass. 27{J
31c: Fleece Twine.- ,7Vjc; Fruit Bags, 6 vf 6"c.
COAL — Wslllngton, \u0084 f$ per ton; N»w Wei
llngton. "s3;: Seattle. ' $d 50: Bryant." $0 50;
Beaver HIIU $3 CO; RosJyn,:|7: Coos Bay. $5 50-
Rldhmond. $8: -Cumb«rland, $13 In, buik anj
$14 25 in. sacks: Pennsylvajiia Anthracite. Eg?
$14; Welsh Anthracite E*g. |13: Welsh Lump
$11 60; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 Oo@ia per
ton In hulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
description*. JS ik> ; pit : short ton.' - . •:•***\u25a0•
;.: OlLS— Quotations are for. barrels; for 'cases
add •sc. "Linseed. :62c* "per gallon for boiled 'and
60c ' for ; raw: Castor ' Oil/ in cases. - No. l.'7oc*
Bakers'. AA. cases. $1 14®1 18; \u25a0 Lucol.. Me for
boiled and 52c for raw; China Nut, cases. 650
80c , per . gallon: ,Cocoanut Oll t . mi barrels, 58c
for-, Ceylon and 55c for Australian:- extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 63c; natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c: extra: bleached winter Whale
OII.VSTc: natural Whale OH, 62c; r extra" win*e
strained Lard Oil. 75e:; No. - 1 Lard 'Oll,;6sc*
pureNeatsfoot. 0i1.' 730; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil"
tJ3c; light Herring. 0i1.' 42c: dark Hairing on"
40c; Salmon Oil, 34c;- boiled Fish Oil. 37cr raw
Fish OIL 3oc; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint
011.31 - ' . ' * *.-•',•-• ..--•-\u25a0.- --. ,
H COA L OIL." GASOLINE. ETC.— Water White
Coal OH. in -bulk,, lie; Pearl OU; in cases,
AUCTION SALES-
AUCTION SALE fe
—OF
100--HORSES.-l.ooiv
first consignment - of , I. V. Button's •' :
Double Square Horses this season, welghlns •"
from 1000 to 1400 ibs. A number of them,
broke to. double harness.
r Tbere is no use of telling yon an*rthln-c '
about the Double Square . Horses, as yon ' all 9
kow they are tho best all-purpose, horses.
ever offered on this or any other market. •..-- V
Also, one 2000-lb Horse, a years old. well.,
broke. One span of Black Mares. 5 and «
years old. • standard bred.- full sisters-, gentla -.
enough- for lady to drtre; weight 1200 lbs. -. »
.HORSES ARRIVE JI"LT 8. ••—
Sale to take place FRIDAY. July 7, at 11 a. m. V
DIAMOND VALLET STOCK YARDS.
633 14th st../ bet. Guerrero and Dolores. '."
\u25a0 / WOOD St BUTTON.
At, Auction
\u25a0 —on— "j- ;
Monday, July 10, at 11 o'docK
At the INTERNATIONAL HORSE MARKET.
Twelfth and Harrison sts.. I will sell 100 head
of broken and unbroken h*rses from 4 to 7 years
old. weighing from DOO to 1400 pounds. Intend-
ing purchasers should come and look this stock
over, as they are of 'the gilt-edge order and
must and will be sold .to the highest bidder.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
100 HEAD HORSES 100;
Next THURSDAY. July 13. at X p. m.. 75 '
head of broke and 23 head of unbrok» horses,
from 1000 to 1400 pounds, from the ranch of.
Mr. A. Cook in Harney County. Oregon. Horses
can bm seen at the sales yards Wednesday.
July 12. This is one of tha best lots of horses
ehown this season and buyers will do well t»
attend. Positively no outside horses admitted
at tlils sale. \u25a0 . . .
E. STEWART A CO.. . , } I
We*ern Horsa Market, 220 Valencia st.
17fte: AstrsJ. 17% c: Star. lT^o; Exta Star.
20fec: Elaine. 26c: Eocene. 19V>c; Stov« Oa*>-..
Itee. In' bulk. 14% c: In cases. 21c; Motor Gas
oline, In bulk. 14% c; In cases. 21c: No. 1 En-**
glne Distillate. Iron barrels Or drums, So: No.-~
2 do. 6^ac; oases, 6%c more; Benzine, in bulk, c
12Hc: lc cases. 19o; 36-cJegrea Gaaolloe, ln^
bulk, 25e; !n cases. 31c. ,
TURPENTINE— B6c per gallon la cases antes
800 In -drums< and- iron-- barrels. . . -
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, TfttQ
So p*r'lb: White Lead. 7^JJSc. according to"**""
quantity. x ft
SUGAR — Th« Western Sugar Refining- Com-
pany-quotes) as follows per Ib. in 100-lb bass: 4
Cubes. A Crushed and Fln» Crashed. . 5.30 c;'
Powdered. 5.15 c; Candy Granulated. 5.15 c; Dry^^
Granulated. fln#. 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.05 c; Fruit Granulated, 9.05 c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 4.95 c: Confectioners*^ \u2666
A. O.p6c: Magnolia A. 4.65 c: Extra C. « 63c:'"
Golden C. 4.43 c: "D." 4.35 c; barrels, 10c more:
half -barrels. 25c more; boxen. 50c more; 50-lt>
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half .
barrels. 5.55 c: boxes. S.Boc; H. & E. . Crystal
Domlnos. 8.06 c per lb. No. order taken for less
than seTenty-five barrels or its equivalent. \u25a0 .-. \u25a0
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices \u25a0 are lower all
around. • Bundles, per lb. 4\ic: cases, regnlar. I
4%c: cases, extra, laxge^ s^c; Eastern style. .s. s
6c: Norway," 6c; Anchor Brand. C@«Vie;
"Narrow Gauge." 6%e: "Sllvtr King." 7%c;
Golden State. 6^o: White Seal 0c; blocks.
•"Oriental." -6%c: blocks. • - Se»brUrht.'* 6%c;
Crown Brand. 7^Jc; Pearl. 7^4c: fancy bone
less. 9>C9%ct pickled Cod. .bbls. $S 50; pickled
Cod. half bbls. $4 75.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JULY «..' i'-f
Flour, <xr «ks...2<X6o3!F«e<J. ska " 3RO
Wheat, ctls .... Ml Leather, rolla ... 223
Barley. c«3 .... l.lPOi Hides Jfo I.9ft.{
Corn (West) etls 1.212 Pelts, bdls «1O
Tallow, ctls' 46S Paper, rolls C 55
Sugar, ctls 2,0001 Quicksilver flaks. lix)
Beans, sks 30O! Chicory, bols ... so
Potatoes, sks ... 2.2o3} Brandy, grals .... 50
Onions, sks 4SoW]ns. gals 27.150
Bran, sks 438 Hay. tons ...... 9St
Middlings. *ks .. 223 r Wool, bales 250
STOCK MAIIKET.
Local Securities Still Qnlet, but Firm
In Tone.
While business on the Stock and Bond Ex
change continued quiet yesterday | the gen
eral tone of the market was firm, and there -
were several noteworthy advances. Oceanic
Steamship rose to $7 25^7 50. Alaska Packers
went up another point and a half to $31 and
Makawell Sugar, rose to $36. • Th« following
were ex -coupon: Oakland Traction Con.
5 per cent. \'l 50; Rlsdon Iron Works, 3 per -
cent. $2 60; San Francisco and Northern Paci
fic Railway. 5 cer cent. $2 SO; Southern Fa
cifie Coast Railway. 4 per cent. $2; Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph. 6 per cent, $3.
The Tocopah mining stocks were quieter
than for a long time and not materially
changed. ' -
Oil companies paid regular monthly dividends
yesterday as follows: Imperial. 20 cents per
share' $20,000; Thirty-three, 10 cents per ihar<*.
$io.c€o.
The California. Street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly, dividend of
90 cents' per share on July 12. \u25a0* '- • '-'
The Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph .
Company will pay a regular quarterly dividend ..
of $1 75 per share on July 15.
The Baltic Mining Company, owned by th»
Copper ."Range Consolidated Company, recently
declared a dividend of SI 50 per share, amount
ing to $150,000. . This is the second dividend
by the company and compares with 11 paid
March 22.
- The Peacock Vallex Mining Company has tfe
clared a dividend of 20 per cent. This makes
a total of 210 per cent paid on , tha capital
stock of the. company, beginning wita 10 per .
cent raid October 24. 1004. ....
The Sonera Quartz Mine Development Com
pany of Sonora, Mexico, has levied an assess
ment-of 1 cent per share, delinquent August 7. "
At' the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the City -and • County Bank: of San \
Francisco the old board of directors was re
elected, with A. J. Lowenber? as president. \
L.- V- Merle "vice president • and A; I Form sec
retary and cashier. During the past year reg
ular semi-annual dividends at the. rate- ot 3
per cent per annnm wers raid.
STOCK. AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July «—S p. m.
UNITED STATES ! BONDS.
: '.-^. : - Bid. Ask. l Bid. As*.
4s ar coup.. 104 H 4s tpr cp new.l 32 1334
4s or reg...10l 104H13s or c0up... 104 104H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW!i — — O W gtd Bs. — 90
\sso Oil ss. »«H »S . Oceanic S Co. VSV, 70
Bay CPC 65.1C6% - Om Cable 65.120H —
Cal G&Bg PaoQln-.45.95 97«4
m & ct ss. 83« OT% P E Ry 3e..1C9 U0
Cal C G ss. — IC9 Pao LAP ss. — .— .
Cal-st C 58.112 — P& O R 89.110
C C Wat Bs.lOOi* — P « C H es.lM-4 ~
EdL A P 6a.124 — Powell-st 6s; — - —
F& C H 65.112 Vi — 9*" 1 "SXSARSS.IOT 108
Gefry-st 35.. 50 — " SF & SJVsa.l2oVil2l
H C*S 3%3.1W — SF.OkA SJSs.IO»W —
Do Ss ....10« — Sierra R «Ja.. — • — '. •\u25a0-
Hon R T «3.1C5H — SPof A 6s \
LA Elec ss. — — O900) 108%.—
L.\G &E1 Cs. — 104 1910) 107 —
LA Ry 55.. 115 119 S Pof C- 6s -,:*\u25a0:
LAL gtd 53.102^103 (19C5)Sr B.IOT 107«
LAP lem ss.tC»- ICSH (19C6> .....19314 — '
Mkt-st C 65.112 -- <1912) .....— 114H
Do lem 55.113U — SPC leg 35.118 ~.
MV& MtTSs.lO5-110 • Do stampd. 10314 — .
NR of C Ca.103 — SP B R 85.134 —
Do 5s ....120 — 8 V Wat f15.103% — --
N P C R S».XWH— Do 44 2dm.100i4 —
NC Ry 5».. - 112 tf I Do is Sim. 89% —
NC P C ss. — 88%t' Do g mtxls 9*%- —
O GI-AH 35.105% — . Stkn GAE6s. 88 —
Oak TCo 65.123 — UG & E Ss. —V —
Do 5s ....111*5 — UP. of SF"4s. 90 '
Do con ss.lC9?illOH Val Co P 3a. — 1024
\u0084.WATER. WATER STOCKS., \u25a0 .'." -'f-r:^
Contra Costa 42 42%rPort Costa... — «S
Marln C 0. . .. 53 — I 3 V Wat Co. « — . #
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. iH S^ Pac Z. C 0... fS% —
Martel Powr 1% l*i |P.O& B. 37 \u25a0 -- ."
Mutual EL.-— 12%{Stkn O& E S .
> •>'*, . EiSURAN'CB. •
Flrem's Fnd.33o — I*
7 BANK STOCKS.
AST Ntl 8k..130' 133 LP&A....— MO-
Anclo-Cal .. BTI4 90 Mer Ttust-... — . 239 \u25a0
Bank of Ca1. 422-4433 Merch Ex.... 33 —
Cal Safe Dp.133% — S F National — —
Frst NatlonlJ2o 333 . ." .
G»r 3 & L.2320 — Sarft L So.:-' 100 7 .
Hum Say pk — — Sec Say 8k..390 — ,
Mutual SaV.ICO — Union T C 0.2700. 2700 3300
,S F Say U.«KT"H — . .' \u25a0 , .
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.210 — {Presidio ..... 40 —
Gcarv — 40 I
•• , . .: v \u0084 : -\u25a0 .POWDER. ; • . • , -
Giant ...... T2 72%! . . „*•-'\u25a0\u25a0
StTGAR **
Hawaiian C. S3VJ M . MakaweU C.. »}« S« ',
Honokaa 9C — V-17 • Onomea S a 39 -— . '
Hutch SP Cl 5 13% Paauhau 9CaHO
Kllauea 3C..JS-' ; „
MISCKLLANEOUS.
Alaska VA; 00% »1 ; ' Oceanic S Co. 7>-i $4
Cal FCA. — \u25a0'—•"• Pac Aux FA. 4 8 -
Cal Wine A.S2H S3U Pac C- 80rx.152H133J4
ml&m l & MtTm.lOO — . Pac 3 Tel Co.loo 103^
Continued on Pas* 14,
1516
WOMAN ON BOARD OF CURACAO
RENOUNCED BY HER DAUGHTER
Mrs. Maria Hernandez Tells
Pitiful Tale of Inabili
ty to Land Because No
One Will Care for Her
IS AGED, PENNILESS
AND NEAELY BLIND
Her Child Is Mrs. Aureiia
Demoro of Berkeley, Who
Is Now Living on Her
Kanch Near Santa Cruz
GRANDCHILD SAYS
SHE MUST RETURN
Scorned by the grandchild who loved,
as a little one, to creep into her lap
and coo sweet -words to her. and
neglected by a daughter who appar
ently has ample means to support her,
Mrs. Maria Hernandez, 72 years of
age, penniless and suffering from an
affliction of the eyes that will shortly
leave her sightless, lies cooped up In
the Bteerage of the steamer Curacao,
•whence the Immigration officials have
not allowed her to come because
she has no one to support her. If she
is not rescued from her predicament to
day she will be deported back to Mex
ico, where, friendless and without
xibillty to earn the most frugal of liv
ings, she says that she will * slowly
starve to death.
From the under deck of the Curacao
yesterday Mrs. Hernandez told her piti
ful tale of a life of devotion to those
whom 6he loved and a final casting out
by them. She cannot speak a word of
English, but in perfect Spanish she re
cited her story.
PERSUADED TO GO TO MEXICO.
Her daughter is Mrs. Aureiia Demoro
of 2834 Telegraph avenue. Berkeley,
wife of the well-known sea captain,
Raphael Demoro, who died nearly a
year ago. The grandchild is Miss Au
reiia Demoro. who lives with her
mother. According to the etory of Mrs.
Hernandez she has lived with Mrs.
Demoro for many years and helped to
raise her family of four children. All
-went well until Captain Demoro died
and then her relations with the family
were not so pleasant. Finally, says
the old -woman, she was persuaded last
January to go to Mexico to visit her
sister for a short time. Mrs. Demoro
paid her passage there and gave her a
little money. Shortly after her arrival
in Mexico her sister, who Is poor, had
to go Into the interior to attend to
her sick husband and Mrs. Hernandez
was left to return to her daughter in
Berkeley. She had no money, but she
managed somehow to reach the seaport
of Ensenada, where she told her tal*»
to Mrs. Fussllier, a passenger on the
Curacao, and the latter paid her way
to San Francisco.
Happy then was Mrs. Maria Hernan
dez at the thought of soon being back
with her daughter. She could hardly
\u25a0wait until the ship was moored and
when the gangplank was lowered she
was the first there. Then Immigrant
Inspector de la Torre stopped her and
told her she could not land until she
brought some one who would vouch for
her keeping. Never fearing, the
wrinkled old woman sent word to her
daughter that she bad returned.
AUHEUA SAYS "GO BACK."
That very afternoon Miss Aureiia
Demoro, the grandchild, came down to
the boat. "I was very glad then," said
Mrs. Hernandez, "but Aureiia said that
I must go back and that they would
not take care of me. and I have been
left here. It doesn't seem possible that
I am to be deserted by my own people
like this."
Mrs. Demoro Is now at her country
home near Santa Cruz. Miss Aureiia
came up to Berkeley on Saturday and
\u25a0went down to the dock to nee Mrs.
Hernandez. "She will have to go
back," said the girl yesterday after
noon. "When Ehe left us in January
to go and see her sister It was to stay
there and we will not take her back
now. She is only mother's step
mother, not her real mother."
The Demoros are \u25a0well known people
of Berkeley. They have an elegant
home and are reputed to be wealthy.
Mrs. Hernandez says that she is the
real mother of Mrs. Demoro.
CiriXCSE PAPER ADVISES
CCTTnVG OFF OF PIGTAILS
Declares It to Be Only a Manchnrlan
Cnston and a Bait for Rude
White Boys.
The Chinese Free Press, organ of
the reformers, advises all Chinese In
the United States to cut off their pig
tails and commends the patriotic ex
ample set by Lee Pew and Wong Tsun,
laundrymen of Vallejo, who on July 4,
as a token of respect for this country,
shaved off their dangling braids. Tho
Press naively adds that Lee and Wong
had been annoyed by boys and rough
\u25a0white men "jerking the bell rope"
-whenever they came by. The advice of
the Free Press Is as follows:
"We advise 'all Chinese to follow
their example and not allow their fond
ness for a Monchurian custom to deter
them from doing away Immediately
with this badge of enmity between
them and the people of America."
Harbor Commissioners Bleet.
The State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners met yesterday afternoon and
listened to Peter Seculorlch, who advo
cated the construction of a drawbridgo
across Islals Creek.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.— Henry
Wolff. Jeweler, 120 Sutler street, swore to a
complaint before Police Judge Cabanies yester
day charging H. Lewis, his bookkeeper with
misdemeanor embezzlement. It is alleged that
on «"une 22 Lewis embezzled $*8 and diaaD
t>eared with tbe coin. "
ADVKRTISE3IEXTS.
The list of famous men and women
the world over who have preserved the
beauty of their hair through the con-
stant use of
ED. PIN AID'S
EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC
is the greatest testimonial to the won-
derful "virtues of this preparation. It Is
the original hair beautlfler and invlgo-
rator. Its use Is a continuous benefit.
You cannot do without It if you want to
preserve your hair.
rnrr ED pinacd's eau db qw-
LIJLL NINE HAIR TONIC tor three an-
I II B I P ]lcation s; *noueh exquisite pe r .
11l \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 fume for five times, and famous
ELIXIR DENTIFRICE for fly«
times. Eend 10c to pay postage and packing-.
WDITt? TA TIIV E<l - Pln&aa's American OI-
TTsUIX IV'UAI flees. Ed. Pln&ud Bids..
N«w York CStr.
BERKELEY YOUNG WOMAN. WHO VISITED THE STEAMSHIP CURACAO \u25a0• AND
INFORMED HER AGED GRANDMOTHER. .WHO IS BEING DETAINED BY
THE IMMIGRATION OFFICIALS. THAT SHE MUST RETURN TO MEXICO.
WISH TO REVIVE
DAIRY EXCHANGE
Next Tuesday afternoon, at a meeting
to be held at the rooms of the Board of
Trade of San Francisco, the movers for
the rehabilitation of the old Dairy Ex
change will finally test the sentiment of
the commission houses in this matter.
This was determined upon at a meeting
that was. held yesterday. Some .weeks ago
the subject was. broached at a meeting
of dealers in dairy produce. A committee
was appointed. to frame a plan and this
committee reported yesterday.' W. H.
Roussel presided.
A long discussion took place. Some of
the dairy produce dealers were in favor
of voting at once upon the adoption of
the report. Others, in view of the fact
that several wholesale houses were not
represented at the meeting, suggested de
lay. It was finally voted that a copy
of the report should be sent at once to
every commission house In the city that
deals in dairy produce and that means
should be taken to ascertain the senti
ment of every concern. Some dealers
said that unless the movement was unan
imous, It would fall, others favored ac
tion it 75 per cent of the trade approved
of the report. The recommendations Of
the committee are as follows:
That the old Dairy Exchange be opened up
for active work; that a market quotation br
established by actual sales on the floor of the
exchange, the quotation to be known as. the
official or exchange quotation of Kan Fran
cisco; that the press be furnished with a basis
for street quotations in accordance .vitfi the
actual conditions and regulated by a commit
tee appointed for the purpose by the exchange,
to consist of three members; that jusa changes
a s are necessary shall be made in the by-iaws
to permit wholesale dealers, manutaiturers
and brokers to be eligible tor mei.ibsrdhip,
the fee to be $25, each member to put up a
note for $500, such note to become t.ollestlble
as security for fines and penalties, and. if
tines and penalties are not paid by an ' offend
lnc member his note shall be collectible in
proportion to the fine and the member shall
be expelled from the exchange; that the
monthly dues shall be $10; that an official
rater and weicher for butter, eggs and cheese
shall be appointed; that a standard of grades
ahall be established; that a rate of fine* shall
also be established; that the exchange Khali
be open to the press, the representatives of
the press to be furnished with admission cards
good for a year; that exchange meetings hhall
be held every Tuesday and Friday, that the
minimum quantltfes for sale shall lx» 1000
pounds of butter. 25 cases of egg* and 1000
pounds of cheese; that tha old constitution and
by-laws be changed to conform to th;se pro
visions; that tha old board of directors, with
the exception of Mr. Halght, deposed, who v
to be succeeded by Mr. Harrold. shall be con
tinued.
Ungan Stop* Tardiness.
Health Officer Ragan yesterday In
augurated a new system whereby, the
civil service employes of the Health
Board will be compelled In future to
register the time of their arrival In the
morning. Ragan arrived at "the office
at 8:30 a. m. and discovered that some
of the employes had not made.their.ap
pearance. He Immediately formulated
rules providing that when an employe
is late by thirty , minutes he will be
fined one May's pay. If the tardiness
occurs three days in succession the de
linquent employe will be suspended for
a month without pay. Ragan caused a'
bulletin 'board: to ,be 'hung up in' the
main office containing the names of all
the employes and the' time of arrival
must be recorded datty in plain view of
the public. -\u25a0? . . V. -;'*,.;:.,
New Hoard Organized.'
The new board I of: directors of the
Veterans' Home of California organized
yesterday by the election of W.~ Backus
as president and; William; J.. Jluddlck
as vice president. Dr. H. G. Burton,.as
sistant surgeon at the" National Soldiers'
Home, Santa Monica, was elected chief
surgeon at the ' Yountvllle.Vhome.
Colonel George W. .Walts ; was elected
commandant and treasurer! : •
Nominations xor Directors.
The nominating committee of the
Merchants' Exchange has reported • the
following regular ticket for. dlroctors,
to be voted for on July 18: F.?B. An
derson, Robert Dollar, E. W. Ferguson,
Harry W. Goodall, \u25a0 J. \ A. • Hooper, \u25a0G* s.
Laumelster, J. B. Levison, \ G. PJ - Mc-
Near, Arthur Page, Fairfax Wheelan.
THE;, SAN; FRANCISGO GALL, FRIDAY^ JULY 7, 1905,
URGE VOTERS
TO REGISTER
The executive committee ot the San
Francisco Republican League held a ses
sion at 638 Market street lastVeyenlne.
.The matter of registration engaged the
attention of the committee. Registration
for the August primary election closes
July 19 and the number of unregistered
citizens is quite large. Beginning, next
Monday evening the general registration
office at. the City Hall, McAllister-street
entrance, will be open from 7:30 to 9:30
o'clock,* as well as during rthe regular
business hours of ! the day. Voters who
registered for the Presidential .election of
1904 and have not since moved from the
precinct where they registered for that
election are not required to register anew.
Others must register on or before July
19 In order to vote at the primary election
for delegates to the nominating conven
tions.
The various political parties yesterday
filed with the Election Commission their
respective petitions for place on the offi
cial ballot. •
The Forty-second Assembly District
Club .of the ' San Francisco Republican
League will meet to-night at Saratoga
Hall, Geary street, near Larkin.
, The Fortieth Assembly District League
Club 'will meet this evening, at Franklin
Hall, 1853 Fillmcre Btreet.
The' Thirty-sixth District Club will meet
Tuesday evening, July ,11, at Harmony
Hall, 1749 Mission street. , .
The Thirty-fourth District Club of the
League will meet at Improvement Hall,
25C9 Market street, . on Wednesday even-
Ing, July 12.
SWEDISH SINGERS GOING
TO PORTLAND EXPOSITION
To Be Accompanied by Many Scandi
navian!!, Who Will Join In Cele
. : hrntlnc Scandinavian Day.
The Swedish Singing Society of San
Francisco will give : two concerts this
month in an endeavor to raise sufficient
funds to enable It to participate In the
celebration of Scandinavian day, to be
held atvthe Lewis and Clark Exposition
on July 29.
\u25a0 The .first .concert will be given In
Oakland on. July 12 in Knights of
Pythias Hall and will be repeated in
this' city in Scandinavian Hall on
July 15. .*.
.Mrs. F. -Westerberg, popular among
the Scandinavian colong. as a soloist,
has consented to sine, while a host
of others will assist in solos, duets and
quartets. /
Editor Alexander Olsson of the
Vestkusten "\u25a0 will deliver ' an address.
Dancing will follow the programme."
. California will be well represented
In Portland; on the day of the celebra
tion,* as many , Scandinavians from the,
interior, "in addition to the large num
ber fromi, this? city, have arranged for
their r transportation and will: accomr
pany the -singing society on Its Journey
to the northern city.
In ' the Divorce - Court.
Decrees of divorce /were granted yes
terday to Agnes J. Kearns from James
Kearns, for desertion ; Pearl M. Lindsay
f rom ..William < L. Lindsay, for desertion ;
Winifred. 1 Elson": from Jack .W." Elson,
for. desertion; and Katie S. , Sadler . from
J.. P." Sadler; for willful neglect. ' Henry
C.'.CSwiftwas adjudged guilty of con
tempt by. JudgeSloss and ordered com
mitted to j, the, custody •\u25a0 of * the Sheriff
.untlhsuch time as-he pays Ellen: Swift
190 alimony due.', Suits for divorce iwere
filed .'yesterday, by; Ella "Myers;? against
Winfleld Myers," f or ;' desertion ; \~ Emma
McCann"-; against Charles McCann, i -for
desertion; '. Jeremiah '\u25a0.\u25a0 Sullivan * against
Mary*: Sullivan.^ for' desertion: \u25a0: Ida, C.
Greesbach against John * Greesbach,'; for
failure) to I provide. , and John \ Brunsch
wller > against /Agnes L. : Brunschwiler,
for desertion^- : " \u25a0 \ ;.»•\u25a0
FAIIi TO BREAK ' INTO : STORE.— -It ;wu
discovered : yesterday I morning | that during | the
night - two - attempts - had ' been ; made -to - break
Into the store of P. - Klrwan; 422 Fourth street
.The burglars had attempted to pry off the lock
on \u25a0 tb,e I front I door and I falling • had | cut I out | a
piece of glass on the side, door on Perry street.
COLLINS TRIAL
BEGINS TO-DAY
Judge Lennori Orders That
the Selection of a Jury
Be Proceeded With at Once
O'CONNOR TO DEFEND
Alleged Bigamist Makes His
Usual Efforts at Obstruc
tion and Irritates Court
Judge Lennon of Marin County, sit
ting in Judge : Lawlor's court here,, has
ordered that the trial of George D. Col
lins, attorney, accused of bigamy for
marrying Clarice \u25a0 McCurdy in Chicago,
when he .had' a wife here, be proceeded
with this morning. > .
Collins made another appearance in
court yesterday. i_ The alleged bigamist
was without counsel and he asked Judge
Lennon for time lin which to secure ex-
Governor James H.Budd, who is in Ne
vada, trying a mining case. When as
sured that all the continuances^that could
reasonably be granted him had been al
lowed, he suggested the names of Charles
D. Heggerty j and;D. M. Delmas. Heg
gerty declined, saying he was not a
criminal lawyer, and the court c*ould not
be assured that Delmas was at present
within its Jurisdiction. Judge Lennon
finally appointed Thomas O'Connor. •
Argument on points raised by Collins
and O'Connor took. so much time that ho
jurors' were secured. The court an
nounced that it would enforce the actual
beginning -of -the:' trial at 10 o'clock this
morning and ordered jurymen. and wit
nesses to be present at that hour.
Collins* appearance was a strong point
in favor "of. a motion he made for a con
tinuance on the ground of physical in
disposition. His -face was pale and
drawn. .' . \u25a0
Charlotte Newman-Collins was ready to
give her testimony and the many, other
witnesses who have so far been secured
in the case. were present.
At one point of the proceedings Judge
Lennon rebuked District Attorney Bying
ton. ' Collins was mourning the absence
of Governor Budd from the city and beg
ging for a continuance of two weeks
when the District Attorney exclaimed:
"If your Honor please, cbunsel for the
defense has . already been granted too
many privileges."* Judge Lennon ex
pressed himself as indignant that an as
sertion accusing the' court of favoring
the defendant should be made and said
in substance that the court would use
its own discretion as to when Collins was
overstepping legal bounds. ',"»
The court was. obviously irritated, how
ever, by the tedious methods of gaining
time which the defendant employed dur
ing the afternoon— mostly arguments
against the legality of the Grand Jury.
Judge Lennon denied his application for
habeas corpus. .
Collins wanted; the Indictment for
bigamy quashed, because he declared it
unconstiutional mv regard to number,
quoting the code of civil procedure as
evidence, r
To-day the prosecution will endeavor to
impanel the Jury, notwithstanding the
objections of the defendant.
STUONO ACCUSATION v
MADE AGAINST UNION
Employer Tells of Difficulties
Witli the Cooks and
Waiters.
Suit was filed yesterday by E. J.
Crawford, who keeps a restaurant
1329 Market street,' to enjoin the Cooks
and. Waiters' Union from interfering
with his business.
•Crawford alleges that, at a recent
date a committee of the union called
at his place of business and told him
that he would have to discharge his
cook, who was behind in his dues as a
member of the union.- Crawford says he
offered to pay the dues, but the union
men were obdurate and refused to rea
son with him, demanding that the cook
be discharged. \u25a0\u25a0'
Crawford says that he refused to
comply with .the demand and then the
committee informed him that he would
have to discharge a non-union waiter in
his^employ.. Instead of discharging the
waiter, Crawford continues, he instruct
ed him'to Join the, union: The waiter
tried to Join, but the officials of the
union told him that there were enough
waiters ali?eady in San Francisco and
that he could not become a member.
Then, continues Crawford, in his
complaint, the committee again waited
on him, presented three "closed shop"
agreements for him to sign and an
nounced that if he did not sign them
and discharge the cook and waiter com
plained of within five minutes a boycott
against . his place would be declared.
Crawford says that he refused to sign
the papers and ,wtthin twenty minutes
sandwich men and pickets were march
ing up and down in front' of- his' place
crying out that it was unfair and em
ployed scab ; labor. .
The contempt proceedings against the
Labor Council. and allied ' unions of
brewery workers, instituted by the Se
attle Malting and . Brewing Company,
was .submitted yesterday for decision
by Judge Murasky. . ,
Town Talk.
The Saunterer tells this . week of the
rumored ('engagement of a rich : and at
tractive widow, and gives the .usual
supply at Inside social and ; . political
gossip. He also tells some interesting
Taft anecdotes and discusses? our. visit
ing celebrities In a sprightly vein. Some
of the most amusing paragraphs are de
voted to a criticism of an * opinion writ
ten by one \u25a0of the Judges of the new
Court of Appeals, who- has a penchant
for "fine writing V There are several
special articles of Interestrto , the cul
tured. The short story this week is by
Harry Cowell and is a remarkably virile
piece of fiction. . v ',
Wit h Impure Drinking Water
USB ? HORSFORD'S ACID PHOSPHATE
% Destroys -• the ' germs ,of i typhoid : and
other -' fevers. r , Makes fa : refreshing ; and
cooling summer drink. •
To Regulate Attachable Signs.
4The Supervisors',' Fire Committee yes
terday decided to take up for consldera-'
tion on next Thursday sthe proposed or
dinance recommended by. the Fire Corn^
mission -regulating the? placing, of at r
tachable advertising; signs upon; build-
Ings. .Representatives ; of .? the T electric
light- companies,'; advertising firms and
merchants and other, interested ; parties
will b'e- notified ''.to 'be present. . ~
Constipation.'; the fruitful -. ! source of
many other complaints, is quickly- cured
by taking 'Lash's; Bitters. ; • ..
;\u25a0\u25a0 SMUGGLED W FURS ? " SElZED.— Custom*
searchers yesterday seised eight raw seal skins
found • concealed \u25a0 in ' the ', t ore peak of : the Amer
ican steamer U Montara.V" ' The f skins i had \u25a0 not
been i entered 'on t the ', manifest s and - were -. evi
dently intended ' to-be ? smuggled < ashore. Tha
•kins V are worth /, about - $50 each in - their
present condition.; ;-','•\u25a0".-.• ' ..
!'.:, Pure food laws are Rood. . Burnett's
Vanilla la pure. Insist upon having Burnett's. •
TALBOT'S MOVE
MEANS A FIGHT
Alleges That His Wife Is
Not Fit Person to Have the
Custody of Little Ones
INJUNCTION ATTACKED
( T—
Asserts That the Court Has
No Eight to Limit Care
of Children to Mother
Millionaire "William H. Talbot makes
the charge. that his wife, Annie D. Tal
bot, who is sums him for separate
maintenance, is not a fit and proper per
son to have the custody and"*control of
their children. This allegation is made
in an affidavit filed yesterday by T«LI
bot in support of a motion to modify
the injunction granted upon the filing
of Mrs. Talbot's suit restraining .her
husband from disposing of his property
or interfering with the children in any
way.
The report that the Talbot litigation
would be settled out of court is thus
disposed of, all indications, now point
ing to protracted and bitter litigation.
The -motion for the modification of the
restraining order is Talbot's first ap
pearance in the suit and is the natural
sequence of the chagrin that was his
when the court called upon him to fur
nish a $20,000 bond before granting him
permission to take | his little sons out
for a good time on the Fourth.
\u25a0: The court, says Talbot, through his
attorneys, Jordan £ Brann, has no right
to limit the care and custody of the mi
nor children of the parties herein to the
plaintiff, especially as the plaintiff is
not a fit and proper person to have
their custody. Furthermore, it Is set
forth, the court is without jurisdiction
to make such an. order, nor has the
court - jurisdiction to restrain the de
fendant from handling his separate
property as he sees fit, -the community
property of the parties herein being
sufficient to meet any demands the
plaintiff may make.
The order to show cause will be
heard by Judge Murasky this morning.
FATHER -IS "BLINDED,
MOTHER GOES INSANE
Overwork and Worry of Self-
Sacrificing Woman Un
balances Her Mind.
Overwork and worry, caused by a
desperate struggle to support a- blind
husband and I three ' young children,
brought Mrs. Delia Sheehan to the de
tention ward at the Central Emergency
Hospital yesterday, her mind totally
unbalanced. Her two ( little girl 3, aged
IX and 9 years, and her helpless hus
band accompanied her. One of the chil
dren led the blind father; the other
clung. tightly to her. mother's skirts and
shrieked with grief when the insane
woman was locked In a cell.!. .
Jeremiah Sheehan, the,- father, was
working as a carpenter until an acci
dent blinded him permanently three
years ago. The . mother was forced to
work to support the helpless family.
iNot being a strong woman, the task
was more than she could stand. Her
mind began to fail and when she was
alone she gave way to despair entirely,
though she. k*pt up an assumption of
cheerfulness, somehow before her hus
band and children.:
With the help of her brother, Timothy
Hayes, she managed to keep. the family
alive. But a few days ago the unfor
tunate; woman's "mind .gave way alto
gether., She will be committed to a
State asylum. ,The two little girls, El
len and May, were taken in . charge by
Miss Garrity, jj probation officer of the
Detention Home. ---
BOARD APPOINTS TEACHERS
OX THE SUBSTITUTE LIST
Parents Say John W. Taylor School
Ought to Be Cloned by Health
Board. • ;
The Board of Education yesterday
appointed the following as teachers on
the' substitute list In the order of their
standing in the recetit competitive ex
amination:
Lillian Rodden, Renee Scanlan, Turld Aune,
Nina Vensano, Malsle. Uvingston. Maud Wig
ham, Thomas D. Mansfield. Rebecca Dreyfus,
Helen Sullivan, Myrtle Young:, Virginia Ryder.
Florence Wlgand, Maud Coonan, Genevleve
Nicholson, Retta H. Haynes. Laura C. Perry,
Alice C. Barrett, - May Olfver. Olive Thomas.
Fanny C. Reed, Jessie Smith. Grace Lyon,
Josle McCabe, Agnes O'Connell, Edith Carpen
ter. •
Mary J. Parolini, principal of the
John W. Taylor School, reported that
the parents of her pupils propose to
ask the Health Board to close the
school on account , its unsanitary
condition. The school is overcrowded
and .unfit' for occupancyT The' board
took the matter under advisement.
D. Lambert, who has taught . thirty
years in the public schools, petitioned
to be. retired an a teacher and placed
on the annuity list. The petition was
referred to the Retirement Committee.
The Board of Supervisors was re
quested to exempt from competition
the plans ,of the Park Primary School
building proposed to be built under, the
bond issue bo its construction may be
begun at once. • . " .
; The July ? salary s demands will- be
ready for payment : next Monday.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Miss C. B. La Barraque and Miss Rose
Fay. : • .'.•'\u25a0 • \u25a0•
Record of Taefta and Bnrsrlarles.
Mrs. E. Moeller, who conducts a res
taurant at 210 Second street, reported
to ;the": police yesterday; that a sack
containing $90 in gold and -silver, had
been stolen from \u25a0\u25a0 her cash drawer on
Wednesday. • She suspects a former
cook. . S..H. Robblns, 2 Leland avenue,
reported that I while he . was serving a
customer on Wednesday some one stole
a \u25a0; $20 1 gold i piece from his , money bag.
Olin Dalin/ 614 Third* street, ; reported
that his store ;,• had ; been \u25a0•' entered and
threo boxes of cigars, a gold watch and
cigarette holder stolen: M. Hlnk re
ported that his stable at Polk and Val
lejo streets 2 had been entered and a
bridle,, horse-collar .and saddle, stolen.
Walter Linforth/ owner , of a vacant
house at- 1410 Washington street, re
ported "that the house had been? entered
and all of the electric light fixtures
stolen.' .
Crocker's Estate Settled.
"Clara Ellen Crocker -and Charles H.
Crocker,' executrix ; and executor, of the
.will' of : the; late Henry , S. Crocker, filed '<
a , petition \ yesterday for final .r. r dlstrlbu-'
,tion. The receipts; of. the- estate* from
July, 19,. 1 904, ,' to " T June 10, 1905. were
$67,339 and the disbursements $55,
795 25. -
"-.: MINER : GETS « INTO MORE TROUBLE.—
Mrs. M. H. Rodman, a stockholder in the Alle
ghany ' Mining i Company,*.: obtained <\u25a0 a * warrant
from i Police ; Judge Cabaniss yesterday . for I the
arrest of J. W.* Morrell.'; former, superintendent
of the company's mine, on a charge of felony
embezzlement.'.,' Morrell is accused of , misusing
f2Wthat'wa» rgiven.him'on'February'lo.r given.him'on'February'10. ;.
STREETS WILL
NOT BE SWEPT
Attitude of Eagan and Maes
tretti on Teaming Contract
Will Stop Cleaning Work
DISPUTE NOT SETTLED
Aigeltinger Is Willing to
Recognize Clute, but His
Colleagues Are Obdurate
In all likelihood the work of clean
ing the streets will come to a sudden
stop In a day or two owing to the re
fusal of Public "Works Commissioners
Eagan and Maestretti to abide by the
terms of the contract awarded by the
Board of Supervisors to A. B. Clute
to furnish teams to the city at $4 63
each. Commissioner Aigeltinger stated
yesterday that he would refuse to
sign any demands for teaming at the
old rate of $6. He holds that even
If the contract Is Irregular because It
was awarded^ by the Supervisors In
stead of by the Works Board the fact
that the city will effect a large saving
was sufficient justification to approve
the contract. His colleagues are ob
durate, however, and the dispute U far
from being settled.
The City Street Improvement- Com
pany and J. G. Harney yesterday fur
nished the necessary teams for the
carting away of the street sweepings
so work in that connection was not
stopped. Supervisor d'Ancona of the
Supervisors' Street Committee In
formed Harney Wednesday that his
bills for a day or two would be passed
in order to give the Mayor an oppor
tunity to sign the Clute contract, but
after that no bills for teaming would
be passed unless Clute's teams were
hired- by the Board of Works. If
Eagan and Maestretti persist In their
course the cleaning of the streets will
be stopped entirely pending the adju
dication of the dispute by the courts.
Aigeltinger Is also wrought up over
the fact that some $4300 In the fund
tor the repair of bituminous pavements
has reverted to the unapportioned fund
and is now unavailable because Eagan
and Maestretti refused to vote for a
resolution asking 'the Supervisors for
authority to expend the money for re
pairs before the fiscal year expired. .
more: of mission street
to be paved with asphalt
Draymen's Union Desired Basalt
Blocks, but the Wishes of Property-
Owner* Are Recognized.
The Board of Works yesterday di
rected the City Enginer to prepare
plans and specifications for the widen
ing and paving with asphalt of Mission
street, between Fifth and Ninth, for
which money is available under the
bond issue. It was stated . that the
Draymen's Association desired a basalt
block pavement, but the board decided
that the property-owners, who ex
pressed a preference for a noiseless
pavement, were entitled to considera
tion. '. .
A reauest was made of the Super
visors for authority to award a con
tract for building: the abutments to the
Third-street bridge at an estimated
cost of $12,000.
The board ordered the paving: with
basalt blocks of Harrison street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth, except in front
of the Whittier School, which will be
bltuminized.
Contracts, were awarded to the City
Street Improvement Company for the
grading of Buena Vista avenue for
$3864 88 and the sewering and grad
ing of Holly Park avenue for $3898 89
and to Flynn & Treacy for the sewer-
Ing of Buena Vista avenue for $1359 25.
The Southern Pacific Company was
granted permission to grade for credits
In front of its property on Pennsylvania
avenue and Twenty-fifth street.
Construction of nine- foot sidewalks
on Eighth avenue, between Fulton
street and Point Lobos avenue, was or
dered:
Food Inspectors Tie Up Fund.
The food Inspectors formerly em^_
ployed by the Health Board, who were
ousted from their positions to make
way for laboratory assistants, served
formal notice yesterday on Auditor
Baehr to restrain him from auditing
any demands out of the surplus of $4300
remaining in the Health Department's
appropriation. The notice is prepara
tory to the bringing of a suit for back
salary during the time they were de
prived of their positions. The Civil
Service Commission was requested ' by
the Health Board yesterday to certify
the names of Dr. J.iKuykendall and Dr.
Fred Muller for appointment as sani
tary inspectors to take the places of
Drs. Hartley and Green, who have re
signed. Kuykendall, Muller and Dr.
H. L. Curtis, who has already assumed
the duties of the place, will be the
three sanitary inspectors, employed at
a salary of $80 per month for an eight
hour day.
« Steal From Cljrar Stands.
, Almost every day reports are . re
ceived by the police from proprietors
of cigar stands of thefts of boxes of
cigars and packages of tobacco .and
cigarettes. Barney McLaughlln. 757
Market ; street. Is the latest victim.
Three boxes of cigars were stolen early
Wednesday morning from his stand.
Detectives Regan and O'Connell ar
rested William Dlxon on Wednesday
night while he was trying to sell a
box of cigars. Yesterday he was Iden
tified by a man who saw him standing
in front of McLaughlln's stand. Th«
officers are" now searching for Dixon's
companion. Their A mode of operating
is to pass a long stick with a crooked
nail on the end through the railing In
front of a. stand and by that means
draw the boxes from the shelves till
within their reach.
APVEKTISEarEXTS.
A LOVELY COMPLEXION
New York Lady Proves That
Every Woman May
Have It By
USING CjjfJCURA SOAP
V Mrs. R. RclchenDerg. wife. of the well-
known jeweler; of «146- Fulton St. New
York, says: "I had a friend who was
Justly proud , of her complexion. When
asked what -gave , her such a brilliant
and lovely complexion, she replied, 'A
healthy woman,can be sure of a fine
skin if she /will do as I do. use plenty of \
Cuticura" Soap and' water.'- " She Insisted
that-; I /follow, her /example, which iTdld
with: speedy conviction. ;. I find .that Cu-
tlcura >Soap"; keeps the ;skin' ; soft, .white
and I clear, \u25a0 and " prevents redness " and
roughness."
BOY WOUNDED
BY A BULLET
Pistol Drops to Floor From
Hand of Fred Miller and
Anton Hussenot Is Shot
YICTDI BADLY HUET
Ball Enters Cheek Near
Eye and. Surgeon Fears It
May Have Beached Brain
Anton Hussenot. a 12-year-old boy.
was accidentally shot yesterday after
noon while he and Fred Miller, two
years younger, were playing: with a
revolver. The bullet entered the child's
cheek below the right eye and pene
trated upward. Dr. Kucich. who treat
ed the boy at the hospital, fears It may
have reached the brain. Anton is in "
a critical condition and even if th»
surgeons, are able to save his life fco»
will lose the sight of the right eye. 1 il
. Anton lives with his father. Anton
Hussenot. a cement-worker, at 207 Te
hama street. During the day Husse
not visited the Millers at 209 Tehama
street and had lunch there. Mrs. Mil
ler went to her employment in the aft
ernoon and left the youths in charge
of the house. The boys cleaned the
place and it was while doing this that
they came across a S3-caliber revolver
in a drawer. While playing with the
firearm It dropped out of young Mil
ler's hands to the floor, striking on the
hammer and going off. with the result
mentioned. Policeman McXamara was
attracted to the scene and he had the
Injured boy removed to th« Central
Emergency Hospital.
HEWITT WA>fTS HELP.— City Klectrtclan
Hewitt yesterday sent a communication to
the Board of Supervisors calling attention to
the necessity of provision being 1 made for tha
employment of one cable tester., two cab! »
splicers and two cable linemen to *»*\u25a0« car 9
of the 'city's underground system. The- sum
of $5760 Is required for the purpos* In ad
dition to JI9SO for two laborers' foremen
Hewitt urged the Finance Commltt«« to al
low ths money la the budget, but no atten
tion waa paid to his request.
CHECK I/JST AND FOUND.— "Wayne C Dl
bert. 223 Mission street, lest a check for $942 tn
tront of the Hlbernla Bank on Wednesday and
reported the loss to the police. The check was
Issued by Mary Allca Dlbert In favor of Wayn*
C. Dlbert on the Bank of Bedford. Pa. It was
found by Corporal John Herilhy and takan by
him to the property clerk's ofSci. It waa
handed to the owner yesterday.
OPERATION AVOIDED
EXPERIENCE OF HISS MERKLEY
She Was Told That an Operation Was
Inevitable. How She Eacaped. IS
When a physician tells a woman suf»
fering with ovarian or womb trouble
that an operation is necessary, the very
thought of the knife and the operating?
table strikes terror to her heart, and
our hospitals are full of women coining
for ovarian or womb operations.
There are cases where an operation /
is the only resource, but when one con-
siders the great number of cases of
ovarian and womb trouble cured by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Cora-
pound after physicians have advised
operations, no woman should submit to
one without first trying the Vegetable
Compound and writing Mrs. Pinkham.
Lynn, Mass., for advice, which is free.
Miss Margret Merkley of 275 Third
Street, Milwaukee, Wis., writes:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham: —
"Loss of strength, extreme nervousness
shooting pains through the pelvic organs,
bearing down pains and cramps compelled
me to seek medical advice. The doctor, al tor
making an examination, said I had ovarian
trouble and ulceration and advised an opera-
tion. To this I stronxly objected and decided
to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. The ulceration quickly healed, all
the bad symptoms disappeared and I aaa
once more strong, vigorous and well. "
Ovarian and womb troubles are stead-
ily on the increase among women. If
the monthly periods are very painful,,
or too frequent and excessive — if yon
have pain or swelling low down in the
left side, bearing down pains, leucor-
rhcea, don't neglect yourself : try. Lydia
EL Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Bh TAKE OXE ALONG
' tffii £*j*&_ WITH YOTJ
/Lgfilpl Kodaks and Cameras
igsmigg^g^-/ From $1.00 Upwards.
r v/i Saa J> everything: you
'frjrfl/ '^'Mk Bee that's Interesting. \
floi Vi^y<re^ Saves keeping a diarv..^
»vy/M& Wo do DEVELOPING
\W. SS.pxfK and PRINTING.
\C^ o i>**- / Send for Catalogue
and Price List.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEAR SUTTER- OPR OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTOSUPPLILS
-JUST. LIKE A PLEASANT HOME."
NEW RUSS HOUSE viuSa,*
CHAS. NEWMAN CO.. ProD^"
Convenient to all. car llnw, place™ of •m,... \u25a0
ment and prominent DulWlnVs A ho?el Tun"
Sag «s
RRTTQHFQ FOR barbels, bak-
I>ri U OilClO «rs. bootblacks tathl
brewers. ' bookbinders. , inSy*^^^^^
: dyers, flour mills, foundries.' Uandrt'ek ££!?* L ,
u « er »-"? rlat «™.P»»nter* "shoe factSrteJ? «alJ
blemen. tar-roof era. tanners. taUori^ita.
Brn.h .Manufnctirew, 809 Sacramento St