ffiE-mLPRINTS MORE NEWS THAR AM OTHER vmSmBBBm. E SAW I MHiSGO
THE -WEATHER.
Forecast for Monday. October 30:
San Francisco sad vicinity — Fair
Monday, with tog In the morning;
O. H. TTCLASONV
Local Forecaster.
\ r OLUME XCVIII— NO. 152.
IMPERIAL TROOPS AND REVOLUTIONISTS
BATTLE ON STREETS OP RUSSMN CITIES
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 29.— Blood flowed to-day in scores of Russian cities/ Everywhere the t^^ quelled rioters with
volleys, and full reports will show the number of dead' and wounded to , have, been enormous. The feeling grows that the dynasty is
tottering to its fall. The Socialists announce that civil war will be proclaimed at the end of the year.
EVEN FIERCE COSSACKS
NOW APPEAR DISPOSED
TO JOIN THE REVOLT
Emperor Nicholas Can NoLonger
Rely Upon Loyalty of the
Soldiers of His Guard.
Calm Observers Believe That
. - Daj^s of the Romanoff Dyn-
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 29, midnight.— While the day
* passed quietly, without bloodshed, in the Russian capital, and
'while the city is outwardly calm, to-day's developments all indi
cate that a crisis is imminent. Although the streets are .filled
. with troops and reinforcements are no\v : pouring in from Fin
landj the Government seems utterly powerless to cope witlv the
situation and many -calm observers seem seriously to believe that
the present regime is tottering to its falL { ! :
Ti : -'' Differei)ces
General Trepoff, and while the precious moments pass the Em
peror; surrounded by the imperial -family,; remains shut up at
Peterhof, seemingly still hesitating as to what course to pursue.
Grave doubts are expressed as to whether the Imperial
Guard can, be relied upon. Early this morning the Fourteenth
. and Eighteenth equipages of the sailors of the guard,
. who have -been shut up like prisoners in barracks on
the Moska canal, demolished the windows and. furniture,
and in the afternoon a detachment consisting of fom
I officials of the guard went to the lawyers' assembly and
told the barristers that many of the officers and a large part
of the troops were disgusted with the Government and were
ready to enlist in the movement for freedom. They asked for
aid toward effecting organization and said they had discussed
among themselves the question of resigning, but decided to show
that men in uniform could help to achieve liberty. Even the
Cossack patrols in keeping idlers moving in the streets to-day
seemed careful to use their whips and simply drove the crowds
along before their advancing horses.
Deputation Presents Workme?i's Demands.
A meeting of the Municipal Council was. held this afternoon,
at which a deputation of thirty members of the strikers' com
mittee appeared. In an impassioned speech the leader of the
deputation presented the following demands of the workmen
and affiliated organizations:
"First, a constitution and political liberty.
•'Second that the city furnish food to the workmen. .
• "Third, that the city refuse further supplies to the troops
and the police. . ; ; "*- '
"Fourth, that the troops be removed from the water works,
or otherwise the strikers would cut the water supply.
• "Fifth, the immunity of the deputation from arrest."
The Council granted this last demand and promised to reply
to the other demands to-morrow. The Council sent requests to
both General Trepoff and Minister of the Interior Bouligan not
to arrest the members of. the deputation, but the police never
theless took them into custody. Upon urgent representation
General Trepoff an hour later released them. : ,'
The people are extremely nervous and bordering on panic,
and are easy victims of every sensational rumor. Among count
less baseless reports which received credence to-day were that
the Emperor had embarked on a vessel and fled to' Denmark ;
that General Trepoff had been "killed by a bomb and that Vice'
Admiral Birileff had been assassinated by mutineers in the Black
Sea. -\u25a0[>
Only One Cable Lt7ie Remains Open.
With a strike in the Government postoffice to-night com
munication -with the interior practically ceased. Government
troops were placed in the Government telegraph office, but only
a few lines are working. Many lines, including the land lines
to the Continent and to Libau, where they connect with the
cable, have been cut. At 10 o'clock, however, the cable by way
of Nystad, Sweden, was 'still open. This is now the only "thread
connecting Russia with the- outer world. Admiral- Darnovo,'
superintendent of posts and telegraphs, told the representative'
of a European power this afternoon that he could not tell how
long cable communication with the Continent would last.
The foreign embassies have discussed the situation, but
have as.yei taken no steps regarding the safety of foreign resi
dents. As a precaution the State Department in Washington
has. been requested to confer authority for the charter of a, vessel
and to hoist the American flag as a refuge for. Americans. /
J. Pierpont Morgan Jr.. and George # W. Perkins are'nego
tiating with the Hamburg-American Steamship Company for the
dispatch of a vessel to take twem off, if necessary.
• The university, the polytechnic institute and'all educational
institutions were closed to-day so as to* prevent further meet
ings being held in them. The university is surrounded by troops
Continued on Pace 3, Column* 1 and 2,
The San Francisco Call
SUIT-CASE
VICTIM IS
IDENTIFIED
Murdered Woman
Found to Be a
Chorus Girl.
Finger Rings Proclaim
Her as Susan Geary
of Cambridge.
Police Arrest Sweetheart of
Actress and Charge Him
f r l*ll^SßimG^O«Mt."3o^-iA*teryit«loiiK
auil Bfar«'h'iiK examination at the police
bruilqunrlrrN. :' lnxting; until I \ o'clock
this morn i nx," .Morris Ant hn n. Hccretary
to the iiiaiinscr uf (lie •'Shepherd King**
Company, \xu* held en a charge of hav
ing; murdered bis 'sweetheart, . Miss
I Susan Geary, the victim of the Win
! throp milt case mystery.
I BOSTON, Oct. 29.— That the dismetn
j bercd body found 'in 'a suit case at Win
throp on Scotember - 2l. was that of Susan
I Geary of Cambridge i 3 the belief of the
girl's family and friends, and of the Bos
ton Police Department.
Miss Geary, "who was the daughterof
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Geary, was a chorus
girl of the "Shepherd King" company,
and was . known- on the stage* as Ethel
Durrell. • She was 21 years of age. *; Mrs;
Geary to-day identified three rings taken
from the right hand found in: the second
dress-suit case picked up near- the new
Charleston I bridge on Friday,, last, as
those worn by her daughter when she ab
sented : herself from, the theatrical com
pany ,on September 11
Confirmation of Miss Geary's disap
pearance from ti.j company came from
Morris Nathan, secretary of the manager
of the company, and to whom Miss Geary
was engaged. Nathan is now in Pitts
burg, Pa. According to Nathan Miss
Geary- parted from .him ' on the .best of
terms the day after, the company closed
its last engagement in this city, and he
supposed, he said, that he would see her
at the next performance in Lowell on the
following day. . Instead, however, a mes
sage was received by the company's man
ager from "P. A. Smith, M. D.," of Bos
ton, which ' Stated iuat "Miss Durrell" was
suftering from stomach trouble and would
be unab.'e to report for several, days.
GIIIL Dltors FROM SIGHT. '
Miss Geary dropped out of sight after
that, and so far aa the -police are con
cerned they have been unable to find any
one who eitner saw or communicated with
the rM after 1 she-left the company. Ten
days later, 'on Seytember;2l,,a dress suit
case, in which was the torso of a young
woman, • was found - floating In ;. the . har
bor three miles below : the city, and : oii
Friday last another suit case containing
the arms and legs of the 'victim -was
taken from the water off. the city docks.
On the fingers were- three -rings which
gave the police the .first; tangible clew
in the case. Mrs. 'Geary' and her .two
daughters described the | rings and after-,
ward positively Identified . them as - those
belonging to Susan Geary. ,The police
then . turned th elr ,r, r attention to ; the search
for the; person responsible for the dls-;
membermenti of the body, but so far lit
tle progress in that , direction has been
made.
Mrs. Geary declared - to-day that when
she last saw her daughter the latter com
plained of pains in the side, and; Mrs.'
Geary suggested to-day that . she ' might
have : been; operated upon for; appendicitis
1 and :that. the doctor, : being! unsuccessful
in . the operation, cut her \ up. \u25a0'. - .
\u0084'.\u25a0 '. \u25a0_ ; MOTHER TALKS OF, CASE.
.-CAMBRIDGE. Mass., '/Oct , 29.— Mrs.
Catherine Geary, wife of, J.,D. Geary, of,
this . city, , said to-night^ that' she! was sat
. isfied i the dress suit ; case victim was } her
daughter Susan. She . had' been "strongly
suspicious, she said, ever since the first
dress ; suit case :\u25a0 was 1 found at^Winthrop;
that the dismembered ; body , was thatTof
her daughter, .(.but^"she '•' had •', hesitated '. to
announce her suspicions to the police/ The
discovery: of -the : second dress suit case;
containing- the-, limbs arid; three r ? rings,
. which T were > on one | hand, convinced | Mrs.
Geary ' that ' she had ; not i been "x mistaken.
But • even ' when -she i saw/ the * pictures ?of
the .rings and : the< description; of: them Yin
Saturday, morning's ? newspapers she did
not go ; to < the police. \u25a0 ; '-.; . ,::'.[i
*; VI had not' seen^ my, daughter for seven
weeks," Bald '- Mrs.'i Geary ,'iVarid *I ; have
felt-sure for; some .time " that ; ; she was [the
victim in the case. s She. wore a'chased gold
ring on her ; little fingerf and | she j had also
an opdl ' ring j and " a * garnet ; ring,! which 1 1
gave ner/as .a birthday , present \u25a0 five \u25a0 or, six
years : ago.- -- The ; chased ringi is 'probably
ten years old. When I saw, these rings. toi'
day "If had ; ; no difficulty' in; recognizing
Contli»ed on Past 2,' Column : 2.
\u25a0 \u25a0 &T ' l-ttTmrWM ri \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 1-ilTliiii ftiiwlMa \u0084»nJi.- .i.ifl
SAN FRANCISGO,^MONDAY; fdGTOBER 30, 1905.
WOMAN IS INSTANTLY KILLED
BY OVERTURNING OF AUTO.
> VICTIMS OP AUTOMOBILE ' ACCIDENT i NEAR. SAN '.'MATEO *T ESTERDAY, •. THE ONE - MEETING . HER - DEATH AND . TH» .
OTHER BEING SEVERELY INJURED. AN OBSTACIiE 4 IN THE ROAD WAS. ENCOUNTERED WHICH - DISABLED THE .
. STEERING GEAR AND SUDDEN OVERTURNING- OF THE CAB -RESULTED. |. . ;., - - , . \u25a0 - '. - , , . - ,v
HUNGH LEAVES
CRIPPLE'S BACK
DURING NIGHT
SEATTLE, >: Oct. 29.'- r -Roy Walters, a
young man" of ' this city, '&\u25a0> hunchback,
has : during /thie last -two weeks under
gone . a \u25a0 transformation '^by. . wh.ich'^the
hunch ' of !f our < inches '\u25a0< has; entirely Vdis-.
appeared : . from his : back , and • his'- height
has J increased; by i fully, I oner and ;av half,
inches.' The" young man; is ,22 years old.'
The? case T isi one .of '\u25a0. the* most ; freakish'
in the history of. man and has, so far as
is; known, /only V^bne : parallel. '/;'._ Until
eleven days ago ,the; young man jwas not
conscious^of ''any : change; in, his" spine. v
He.awoke': dne^morningff eelirig';th'at :the
ormlty^was^less prominent' than ".. tor
;merly^b'utl;believedjtha^
sion.: /AYday^pr^two'laterjhe^wasicbn^
scious Ii ot * a .* substantial i' change.'*. "He
called/at Lthe. 6fflce"pf fan ) X- ray. 'expert*
and," s r after* submitting '.to/;an!; examina
tion, ,i was* toldi'that*'a* radical "change
COLLEGE BOY
KILLED DURING
AN INITIATION
; GOMBIER; Ohio,- . Oct. 29.— Stewart L.
Pierson.j a^freshman : :at )Kenyon- Col
legrV'jwasikined^by a. train"; lastcnight
while 'awaiting- r lnitiation* into the^ Delta
Kappa; Epsllon .'Fraternity. According
to '. tfie';sta'ternerit .fot members ':- of^ the
fraternity, . Plereon V had ' been •',' told -to
\u25a0 station* himself -1 at vthef/foot; \u25a0 of "\u25a0 , aii
abutment?;; of <' the f bridge.' and
await 'the.' coming' of Va- committee > to
take', him Jto ' _' the* ;;! fraternity .*; hbusel
-When the students : the*spbt/an
hour^ later,; Plersbnl, was^ not sight.
A", search^ releaved^Plerson's '\:. mangled
body^'on vUhe^ranrbadvitrack J 'atvi the
bridge. V:, Howl' he } came *- be ; oh *^ ' the
brldge*°,the ? 'students'.are • at^a los.i to
understand.?' .^.V^Vy:} I " .'..'\u25a0 ':"" ; •'-' ':*''.;:* l.
':;\u25a0..- Young/ PiersonT.was I a son" of [i 1*"/ N.
Piersbn -/a:, business lmah*^of : Cincinnati.
Piersqn? Sr.l isfa;. member jof: Delta"; Kap
pa;; Epsllon *-, Fraterni ty - .had J" come
here'- to •attend'; the] initiation' of*- his 'sont
THE THEATERS.
'ALCAZAR— 'arts."
CALIFORNIA— "JoIIy Grasj Widow*. 1 *
CEMTRAL— "BU-Hearted Jim."
COLUMBIA— "The Way. to Keniaar*."
' CHXJTES-^V*"udeTll!«.
aRAXI>-"Ben Hur."-
MAJESTIC— "Lottery of Love."
ORPHEUM— VaudrvUIe.
LEADERS PLAN
FOR HONESTY
AT THE POLLS
; NEW. YORKf* Oct. : 29.— Inspired by .the
disclosures = of . > the . insurance 'investiga
tion : and h the f; failure of .the Legislature
last.Jwinteritb: take -favorable ;action on
bills /to" purify 'elections, . the pleading, men
of both great political parties : ' have ; or-,
ganiaed: an association- to prevent \u25a0 corrupt
practices; at* elections. .
; iPrevalehti gossip ;of. a largej corruption
fund, ; which \u25a0 is ; to > be ; put -.into ; the c cam
paign-atrthe*last minute, makes this apf
pearJ to. the 'association; an' opportune \u25a0 time
for ) making 5 the first " appeal ;- f or v popular,
support/ 7 : V ; .".".''•"; ' " ; :. " "
who \ have formed "".the associa
tion." dewlares' an .' official .announcement
of - the " purposes rof V the - movement. : "be-
Heve"; that* the; growing iuse of 'money. In
large ! sums 5 in ;. the .* of - political
campaigns * has/ been * accompanied :-' an
increasing * demoralization • of 'electo
xate' In'cities ; and ' ulsb ; in : the countrytdls
tricts. 'IThe^demand - for^fsuch', large ,'sumaT
of '-money ;is 'equally demoralizing' in its
effect on the ;of supply."' ; •- •
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
One Dead and Three
Injured in the
Accident.
• The automobile is .reaping: its grim
harvest of death. Miss.Susa. W. XIqoII
of 628 Haisht street „ was instantly
kilied^yesterday raorning\ by the over
turning of an automobile A>n the road
between San Uateo and Half moon Bay,
about four and a hilt miles out of th«
former place. The three other occu
pants of . the machine, two women 1 and '
the man chauffeur.- were • pinioned' be-.
neath the heavy vehicle" and one .of
\u25a0'them'- was seriously .injured.-
Miss. Emily. Curtis, principal of the
California School of Elocution In the
.V..-M. C. A: building; \livlng at m
Halght street, was caught in the steer-"
ing- gear and badly hurt. Her Jaw was
fractured in two places and it.is feared,,
that 1 she 'may be internally Injured.
illss-Kate Fox]..of 730 C street miracu
lously j escaped instant* death* and . seri
ous- Injury. The auto* was driven by
J. -; Hall Lewis, president of , the Half
moon Bay Bank. Lewis extricated him
self from the wreck and escaped .with
a fractured thumb ' and painful bruises.
He. i says; that- the steering .'gear- of his
vehicle* gave way. <\u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0 * \u25a0 •
The accident occurred ;about-. 10:30
a. ,m. The , three women, strancers to
Lewis, • accented his offer of a ride to
a real estate tract , opened yesterday* for
sale near Half moon Bay. ..An excursion
planned >by Jhe »W. D. Potter Real Es
tate Company, of . 304 Montgomery street
brought - the . three women to San ' Mat e o
yesterday morning.' "Owing to an over
crowding of -the 'buses "which were to
carry 4 the ' prospective buyers Manager
J. v W. \u25a0-: Brophy *. accepted -,the offer ? .of
Lewis.v who .was about -to start in ." his
auto i for "i Half moon . Bay. to carry the
three ladles .who bad been crowded out
of Ifhe carryalls. .
MISS XICOLI/ HEf ITATED.
\u25a0 Mls3;Nicbll demurred, fearing. to rida
in the machine, but was finally, assured
of. the safety of the. ride by. Lewis. The
auto : ran \u25a0 at ; a moderate rate ; of . speed.
\u25a0When t Crystal v ; Spring 'Lakes « dam 'Tvasi
reached the machine started ona down
grade.: Miss Nicoll satin the ', rear, seat
with^Aliss Fox. ; while Miss! Curtis'; rode
"with- the chauffeur. -Lewi3 says be was
not making more than -eight: miles Jan
hour, and: in "this statement 'he, is borne
out' by/Aliss Fox. . ;When ' the descent
was .begun Miss • Xicol 1 became . nervous
and said, "Don't" so so fast; go slower,
you : are: going too. fast." •"\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
-Lewis, -.anxious to accede to hla
guest's wishes. ; reduced 'his "speed and
turned 'to . Miss Nicoll. °> saying;- ."How >\i
this?*.V No •; sooner had ; he uttered the
Co a t inued on '- Page <2, tolunu 4,2
RICH MEN
KILLED IN
COAL MINE
Five Hio-li Officials Take the
. Risk Instead of Forcing
' It on Workmen and Lose
Their Lives in Explosion
— •
OXEOFTHEVICTDIS
A )lULTI-3IILLIOXAiKEi
\u2666
\u25a0Enter Diggings in Pennsyl-!
jrania to Check a Fiiir;
\Wliich Started Two Weeks!
•Ajro and Was Still Burning \
•EITTSBURG. Oct. 23.— Five mine offlr j
cistls of the Pitts^urg & Westmoreland:
t'o^.l Company pave up their lives to-day
-w-hen they entered the Hazel Kirk Mine i
2Co. 1 of the company at Hazel Kirk. Pa., j
to ascertain if a portion of the mine was* j
still burning a.« a result of an explosion
two iredu ago. The denil:
JOHN HORNICAL, superintendent.
DANIEL GRIFFITH, foreman.
JOSEPH HUNTER.
* JOHN LAVENY.
HEIS'RY CL-AYBORXE. fire. bass. ;._
All are married men with large fami
lies and were men of considerable mean?.
If was decided that if any risk was to '
be- taken, those holding responsible posi
tions should take it instead of the miners.
The • five men. after having entered the
mine. decided to tear down the bulkhead
erected to cwnrine the fire to one c«ntry of
t-he mir.e. Just as the covering was re
moved there was a terrific explosion and
•- the five men were blown in different
pehys, all being instantly killed.
Andrew Roder, who was some distance
behind- the five men, escaped instant'
death, but was so badly burned that he
died later. He reached the bottom of the
sh£fi and gave the alarm.
John Homical was one of the original
owners of the Hazel Kirk mines, Nos. 1
and 2. a.nd was reported to have received j
nearly J10.000,000 for his holdings at the
time the corporation was formed. All of
the others were we» known. The mine Is
•on fire. The property damage may reach
many thousands of dollars.
XOKWAY FKAMIXG <
- A CONSTITUTION
.Differences of Opinion Are
i Brought Out in the
Storthing.
. .'tTHRISTIANIA. Oct. ».— The Storthing
sat until -a late- hour en Saturday night
<{£cVsltrlg a "Vohsfltutrdh: 31. Htfrtow. the
Radical leader.; on behalf of the Republi
, cans."- declared that i^e Government pro
posal for a plebescite would diminish the
respect held for the Storthing's * govern
• Rental responsibility. Foreign Minister
Uoveland said a Republican constitution"
.wosH/be intrinsically^ ' as ' valuable •as
a. monarchical constftution.~but he pointed
.cut that Xorway. being a well established
constitutional monarchy, generations of
labor would be necessary to work out
Republican institutions.. A continuation
as a monarchy; he. added, would be., the
logical result of tile policy of June 7
(.•when the Storthing: dissolved* the union
tifcj.li ecu Sweden and Xorway). and that
otherwise Xcrway's international position
wtfuld he hazardous.
Minister of Commerce Arctander said
tfae Government would resign if this pol
icy was defeated.
•Among those selected for Ministerial
* posts abroad is H. C. Hauge', former
secretary of legation for Xorway and
• Sweden at Washington. The Foreign Of
fice is pushing Its work of organizing a
consular service. ..";;• ; :\u25a0/
ITALY'S KING INAUGURATES
/ HARBOR WORKS AT GENOA
GENOA. Oct., 29. — King Victor Em
manuel laid me first stone of the new
c harbor wprks to-day. As* his Majesty,
by aid of an electrical 'de\"ice. lowered
Xhe stone, which weighed eleven tons.
Into the. sea, there was a scene of great
enthusiasm. Over 5000 spectators were
present. In the harbor were forty
three warships, including the United
States cruiser Minneapolis and the
French and British squadrons, as well
as over SOOO other craft. It is esti
mated that the -new works will cost
J15.000.000. ? '
DR. PIKRCE'S^REMEDIES.
?BAD! BAD!! BAD!!!
\u25a0 Bad blood comes from bad digestion —
bad stomach, bad liver, bad kidneys— at-
tended with bad. 1 foul breath, coated
tongue, bad taste, bad headaches, bad
appetite and kindred symptoms. Bad as
these all are. and serious as are the dis-
eases to which they lead, Dr. Pieree's
Golden Medical Discovery comes to the
relief and cure of all these by regulating;
end invirorating STOMACH, LIVER,
BOWELS an* KIDNEYS, and putting
all these orjrans In good order.
\u25a0Golden Medical Discovery" contains
no alcohol, opium or other harmful
drugs; neither does it contain sugar or
*yrup, which arc injnrions to some stom-
achs. Without any of these it retains Its
pleasant taste and marvelous healing
quaJities in tho most trying climate.
Don't let a selfish medicine seller cheat
you out of your. health. by giving you a
substitute. He"s only looking out"for &
larger profit, not for your good. Shun
him. Honest, unselfish dealers recom-
mend the "Golden Medical Discovery."
"That roar remedies are not for tbo few,
but for the many Is evident, tor I personally
know of many scores of persons In this city
wbo hare been restored to betith and
strength by jour medicines." thus writes
Henry Ltr.dsheft. Esq.. Alderman In Kth
Ward. Buffalo. N. V.. of 1204 Jefferson Street.
"I know that Dr. Plerce's Golden Medical
Discovery Is most valuable In cases of de-
r&nfrmeat of the liver, harlnar taken the
medicine tome two rears eco when I had a
tyad attack of liver trouble, and I never nsed
a medicine before that did me so mcrh
food. I have known Dr. Pierce for twentj--
•tx rears, and do not wonder at his success
for ne Ik a physician acd man of sterling
qualities. Is possessed of extraordinary skill.
&nd he has in bis Sanitarium a corps of Spe-
cialists wbo are chosen because of. tbeir
unusual knowledge and professional sklil."
If fuflering from any'obstinate».Hnger-
injr ailment, writo to Dr. Pierce and sqt,
free of charge, sound medical advice.
He has the counsel and assistance of a
large staff of expert specialists.
The People's Common Sense
Medical Advtenr, by R. V.
*J>s^ Pierce. M. D., Chief Consult-
' *"25i *PF Phvsidan to the Inra-
«it "JUStin lids' Hotel and Surgical
t*N <S^ Institute. Buffalo. >; ,Y.
wwo Paper-bound fkke on re-
- eeiptof 21 one-cent stamps
' t ." W for mailing only: or doth-
wj bound for Zl cents. Address
'MbM^ the Author, v *boT»
ROUVIER SURE
OF MAJORITY
French Parliament to Ke
snme iStrng'g'le; Over Sepa
ration of; Church and State
FIGHT WILL BE FITTER
Minority, Report >in Oppbsi
tionj to the Bill Is to Be
Presented in the*- Senate
PARIS, Oct. 29.— The reopening of ' Pa
rliamen t: to-morrow will mark the renewal
and ' undoubtedly' the 'conclusion ot the
long and bitter struggle: for the separa
tion of church and state. The Senate
will immediately .take up the separation
bill as it iwissed .the Ifyuse. It- has al
ready been. approved by: the Senate com
mittee by a Vote of fen to* two. : ;\y|ih the
report favoring the bill will be presented
a minority repoit asserting, • that -the
measure 'wi'l! .provoke' agitation by uproot
ing social and religious traditions.
The debate will be* begun on November
11. The passage of the bill by a large ma
jority, is a iots gone .conclusion. This will
require haste, as the Senatorial elections
take place on January 7. •
The Chamber of Deputieswill be occu
pied chiefly with the budget, and possibly
a discussion of the Franco-German rela
tions with r«»gard to Morocco.
The indications are that the Rouvier
Cabinet will'commiand a substantial ma
jority and be secured against a fall. Pre
mier Rouvier has communicated his in
tention of voluntarily relinquishing before
long the portfolio of Foreign Affairs and
assuming the direction of the Ministry of
Finaee.
GIRL'S LOVER
NEARLY FITS
WHEN ARRESTED
Continued From Paste 1, Column 3.
them as those worn by my daughter.
WHITES OF ILLNESS.
"I know the victim is my Susan. She
complained of pains in her side just be
fore she went away and I think she might
have been operated upon for appendicitis.
During the summer she appeared at some
of the pleasure resorts outside of Boston
as a member of the 'Shepherd King" Com
pany. She did not get this work until
after some delay and she worried much
over it. In July she began to get ner
vous and complained of pains In her side,
and J know, that- there .was. somethlnK
iwrcn&^wlth lier, but' I thought it 'would',
soon pass away. . . : - . ... V -
i "Seven weeks ago to-day she left. me..
The company closed its Boston engage^ .
ment and went first to Lowell. When she
left she sent me a letter, which was
shorter than usual and clearly showed
that Ehe was downhearted. It made. me
feel frightened and W I went to Lypn,
where the company was then playing.
"She had written that she was sick with
stomach trouble. I found that she had
sent in a doctor's certificate- to the stage
manager faying that she was sick. Mor
ris Xathan, a member of the _|£3herfherd
King* Company, and to whom she was
engaged, thinks the doctor's name was a
forgery, because no doctor bearing the
name found on the paper could be found
in Lynn or Boston."
YOUXG . NATHAN UNNERVED.
PITTSHURG. Oct. 29.— The local police
received instructions last night from Su
perintendent of Police Pierce of Boston to
apprehend Morris Nathan and find out
what he knew about the disappearance
of Susan Geary, his sweetheart, whose
dismembered body was found in the suit
cases near Boston. Xathan, accompanied
by Manager B. 'A. Remold, Stage Director
Samuel Forest and a Japanese, was' ar
rested after a search of several hours in
the Hotel Henry and taken to police
headquarters. Nathan insists that he has
not seen. the girl since he escorted her
to a eubway station on the night of Sep
tember 9.
Manager Remold and Stage Manager
Forest were taken to detective headquar
ters early In the evening from the Lin
coln HoteL They denied any knowledge
of Xathan' s whereabouts and after a long
session with Chief McOuaide were al
lowed to go. Remold and Forrest went
to the Hotel Henry shadowed by Detec
tive Cole. They went upstairs and Cole
secured the number of the room and fol
lowed. He found Nathan, Kimeo (a Jap
anese), Remold and Forest coming out of
a room on the fifth floor and placed
Nathan under arrest.
Xathan was unable to stand when he
learned that Cole was from detective
headquarters. He had been crying for the
past week and was so unnerved that
Kimeo and Forrest had to almost carry
him to police headquarters. Superinten
dent McQuade inynedlately called up
Superintendent of Police. Pierce of Bos
ton and talked to him owr the long dis
tance telephone a long time before re
turning to his office, where Superinten
dent Wallace, Detectives Cole and Kane,
Messrs. Remold. Forrest, Xathan and
Kimeo were in session. . Xathan was
overcome and it was with difficulty that
he repeated his story* of" his connection"
with the mystery.
GIRL GIVEN A GOOD NAME.
Kimeo, the Japanese valet of Wright
Lorrlmer, has been a close friend of Xa
than. ». .«.-.\u25a0.
Josie Barron, who was a close friend of
the murdered gfrl, was located in Lacock
street last night, but "was riot asked to
give her story.
Manager Remold has the doctor's cer
tificate which had been received at Low
ell, Mass.. explaining that Miss Geary
was 111 and would be unable to join the
company for some days yet.
An expert penman declared yesterday
that the handwriting was that of a man
who had endeavored to disguise it. The
certificate was signed t by "Dr. P. A.
Smith." His address was not given, how
ever, and the paper was part of a letter
head, the printed matter on top haying
been torn off. "Dr. Smith" is believed to
be a fictitious name, but who it, could be
Xathan d«»clared he did not know. He
said 'he knew of "no. doctors, medical
students or, other druggists who were ac
quainted with the girl.. He declared that
he had known her for over a /year and
that she was a good, virtuous girl.
The members of the company sympa
thize deeply with Xathan and believe him
innocent but are heartbroken over the
girl's death.
Miss Geary, or Durrell, as she was
j known on the stage, was a good-looking
j girl, but not of the strikingly handsome
*ype,. Her engagement to- Xathan ; was.
known to the other members of the com
pany. She was living at home, but mem
bers of the company say she was dissat
isfied, as her stepfather was not kind to
I her.
THE : SAN, FRANGISGO. GALL. .MONDAY,; OCTOBER :30,;: 30, ; .1905:
TARS ADDRESSED
BY PRESIDENT
Crew of the- West -Virginia
Assembled to Listen to
Words; of Chief Magistrate
SHIP MAKES FAST TIME
Squadron Maintains a Speed
of Twenty Miles an Hour
. in Spite of Bad Weather
UNITED STATES FLAGSHIP WEST
VIRGINIA. OFF SAVANNAH, Ga...Oct.
— A strong breeze from the north
east has kicked up a heavy sea, but
notwithstanding these unfavorable cir
cumstances the squadron has main
tained an average speed of twenty,
knots from. Jupiter Light to the pres
ent point, thus breaking all records
for any squadron •In our navy.' - : This
morning the entire crew \vas mustered
aft and President Roosevelt delivered a
short address to them. The President
has spent most of the day on. the for
ward bridge with Admiral Brownson.
ST. AUGUSTINE. Fla.. Oct. 29.— The
wireless telegraph station here has
been in communication with the cruis
er West Virginia during all last- night
and to-day. Messages during the night
conveyed news that the President was
well and thoroughly enjoying the voy
age, with fine weather up to that time.
The cruiser* did not encounter rough
weather until shortly after noon to
day, when, hearing Savannah, it 'ran
into the storm which is> prevailing
along the coast.
Last night Admiral Brownson gave a
banquet to the officials of the West
Virginia and her consorts in honor of
the President. The usual Saturday
evening concert of the band aboard
was another enjoyable feature for the
President.
The West Virginia and her consorts
passed by St. Augustine shortly after
3. o'clock this morning. The vessels
were nearly 100 miles off the coast.
Mayor Boyce. in behalf of the citizens
of St. Augustine, sent a message to the
President from this station offering
congratulations and best wishes for a
safe and pleasant voyage. . The mes
sage was received and acknowledged.
The station here picked up a num
ber of messages which were • being
transmitted -to the President, most of
which were words of congratulation
and best wishes from Governors, and
high officials all over the country. The
Presidential fleet was reported off Sa
vannah about 2 o'clock this afternoon.
The ships were well out to sea and
making remarkable speed, notwith
standing- the high winds.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Oct. 29.— The fol
lowing wireless exchanges between the
Mayor of Savannah and the President
on board the cruiser West Virginia
took place to-day:
SAVANNAH. Oct. 29.— President Theodore
Roosevelt, on board United Stales steamship
Wtst Virginia : In behalf of the citizens .of
Savannah, I congratulate you upon your cap
ture of the Southern people's hearts and wish
you a safe return to the Capital.
HERMAN MYERS. Mayor of Savannah.
United States steamship West Virginia. To
:M4vor Herman, " Sfycra,'' Savannah, Ga,:' I
'tlianfc fj -ritr law 'thVMtlzeWs^bf 'Savannah moit
heartily. ' -\u25a0" THEODORE ROOSEVEL.T.;;-
The West Virginia at 9 o'clock to
night was almost directly opposite, or
east of Savannah, and between 180 and
200 miles out at sea. .- At<that time the
operator aboard the West Virginia re-"
ported here that there was a strong
southeast breeze 1 blowing; and a very,
choppy sea. All aboard were well.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 29.— Mayor
Behrman to-night received the follow
ing message from President Roose
velt:
On board flax-ship West .Virginia at sea, via
Savannah,- Ga..' October 20. To Mayor Behr
faian. New Orleins: "I heartily thank you and
the city of Xew Orleans for the masnlflcent
hospitality given me:
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
WIRELESS WORDS TRAVEL FAR,
Measogr* From the President Inter
\u25a0 \u25a0.- ceiited in Kansas. .
LEAVEXWORTH, Karis., Oct. 29.—
Wireles3 messages from the United
States armored cruiser West Virginia,
on which the President Is proceeding
on his way north, are. being intercepted
by the wireless telegraph apparatus
used by the Signal Corps at Fort Leav
enworth. s Major George O. Squler and
Captain William Mitchell were experi
menting with an instrument -attached
to a kite wh«n they caught messages
from the President's boat. They, turn
ed their Instrument to various keys and
intercepted the messages from other
ships at sea off the Atlantic Coast. The
kite was about half a mile in the air
when the messages were' received. This
is the first time that wireless messages
have been intercepted this far inland
coming from ships at sea.
Besides messages from the Presi
dent's boat, communications from the
Mallory line steamship ; Concho, sup
posed to be in the Gulf of Mexico, were
recorded. One message was sent by
Mamie Fisher, aboard the Concho, to
relatives in Houston,, Texas, notifying
them of her expected arrival. The en
tire message sent by Miss Fisher was
caught here. "
MAKES EOUK ATTEMPTS
TO ROUND. THE HOR-N-
British Bark Dundee Arrives
at Tacoma After a
Rough Voyage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOM^. Oct.' 2?.— Battered and weath=
erbeaten after a rough voyage, the Brit
ish bark Dundee reached : Port Townsend
yesterday, 238 days from Bremen, with ce
ment for Tacoma. Gales were encountered"
from .the time the • vessel entered the
British Channel arid they • continued all
the way to Cape Horn.; . This prominence
was sighted four, times, but in each cas4
the vessel was beaten back by head winds
and: adverse currents. Finally/ Captain
Stephen put. his vessel about and ran for
the Cape of Good Hope.- -About this time
the crew mutinied, as was . told In dis
patches , from Singapore, into which port
he sailed to land the .unruly men and se4
cure others. 'Eleven mutineers were kept
In irons | for • a week -before the Dundee
reached . Singapore. The men committed)
no outrage'; but "refused to work. Leaving
Singapore the > Dundee ran into gales ; In
the China Sea and while crossing the Pa
cific. The. ordinary voyage; around the
Horn Is 140 days, while by way of Good
Hope; 180 days Is an average. She will
load wheat here. for Queenstown.
PORTUGAI/S ROYAi; COUPLE
THE i GUESTS OF LOVBET
Entertained Vby the / French President
Bef or* the Latter* Departure
for . Home." - :
LISBON, Oct. 29.— President , Loubet
concluded his visit; to j Portugal! this
afternoon. Before' sailing for .Mar
seilles, the President entertained 3 King
Charles/ Queen " Marie f Amelie ' and } the
members. of the royal family at lunch
eon^ on ~t board , the :, French
cruiserlLeon Gambettai ; at .j which; warm
expressions ,'of "friendship ~ bet ween the
two nations were exchanged.:
FRAUDS COST
CITY $6,330,000
Philadelphia Loses Large
Sum Through Collusive
Bids and Other Grafts
EXPERTS FILE REPORT
Find That Second-Class
[ Material Was \ Used in
Constructing Public Works
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 29.— The re
port of the, Board of Investigating En
gineers, appointed last July by* Mayor
Weaver to. examine the nitration sys
tem of the city and the northeast and
the southern boulevards, now under
construction, which report was sub
mitted to the Mayor yesterday, was
made public to-day. It is signed by
Major Cassius Gillette of the United
States engineer corps, ; who investigat
ed .the Savannah harbor frauds, and
John Donald MacLennon of • Washing
ton. D. C.
The report shows that -up to date
the city has* lost through excessive
costs, collusive bids, illegal advertis
ing and in other ways the sum of J6,
530.000. The contractors who received
most of the more than $18,000,000: that
has been expended on improvements
are D. J. McNichol & Co.. Jamil J.
Ryan & John A. Kelley> and Vare
Brothers.
The members df the McNichol r firm
include Israel W. Durham, leader of
the local- .' Republican "organization;
State Senator J. P. McNichol, also a
city leader, and the latter's brother,
Daniel. The Vare firm is made up of
State Senator George A. Vare and Ed
win H. Vare. Their brother. William
S. Vare, is Recorder of Deeds, an elec
tive offlce.
The officials held responsible by the
report for some of the; conditions in
connection with the filtration system
are W. M. C. Haddock, who was Direc
tor of Public Works under Mayor Ash
bridge; Peter E. Costello, Director of
Public Works under Mayor Weaver
until last May, when the Mayor dis
missed him, and John W. Hill, former
chief of the Bureau of Filtratlbn, who
is awaiting trial on charges of fraud
and falsification of records in connec
tion with the construction of the fil
tration system. The' report says: ;
Omitting- from construction all small con
tracts — say under $30,000 — we find that for the
filtration work and the two boulevards as con
structed up to date the city has paid or pledged
$18,761, 511. First-class workrwnder the specifica
tions should not have cost over. 112,430.000,
which Includes an allowance of 20 per cent, or
$20,705,258, for legitimate i contractors' profits.
The difference 1b $6,330,000. In other words.
$18.7ti0,000 In round numbers has been paid for
work costing the contractors $10,356,000.
Of the $0,330,000 excessive cost there has
gone to the contractors "who worked under the
names of D. J. McNichol $5,065,122. similarly
to Ryan & Kelley $543,800. and to Vare Broth
ers $59,128. Of the $15,701.541 there Is unpaid
about $563,000 to McNichol atld $75,000 to Ryan
& Keller.
, Much of the work done by Ryan & Kelley
and D. J. McNichol is not first-class. The
parts which show prominently to the public are
fairly well done; the' pans that can be exam
ined with little trouble.. are. distinctly second
class and not up to the spgrjifiqatlons. We^pf
course, do not know the condition of such por
tions as cannot be seen without tearing up
the ' work, but wherever we have dug \u25a0 Into it
we find . It second class' or worse. \u25a0' \u25a0
'\u25a0 Continuing the report says: ; ;
j A careful analysis of all the filtration adver
tising Indicates that' everything possible was
done to avoid any real publicity without let
ting the fact appear too prominently in the
records. The bureau's preliminary estimate?.
Instead ! of being freely furnished to bidders,
were rigorously guarded secrets, sp far as the
general bidder was concerned. , * .
VICTIM HURLED
TO HER DEATH
FROM VEHICLE
Continued from Page 1, Column 7.
words than; the fore wheels struck a
rock. The auto instantly turned turtle.
The steering gear refused" to work in
response to Lewis' \ pull at the \ wheel
and the wheels cramped, throwing the
machine completely over.
Miss Nicoll, .thrown as from a cata
pult, struck the ground clear of the
automobile. Her skull was fractured
and her neck was broken. Death was
instantaneous. Lewis and Miss Curtis
were. entangled with the steering gear,
Miss Curtis sustaining a double frac
ture of the jaw and many lacerations
and bruises. Miss Fox was completely
hidden from -view. Pinned under the
heavy vehicle, the inclosure of the rear
seat held up the frame and saved the
young woman's life. It was three-quar
ters of an hour before the machine was
jacked up arid the woman released from
her precarious predicament. ' Though
\u25a0painfully bruised, she escaped serious
injury. The'injured were taken to San
Mateo, where they were treated by Dr.
Morrison. The body of Miss Nicoll was
removed by^ Deputy Coroner Booth of
San Mateo. viewed by a hastily im
paneled jury, and taken to'McCarthy'B
undertaking parlors. -\u0084 .
..The^ accident, so sudden and unac
countable, was witnessed by. Walter A.
Corcoran and George' A. Rowland;
agents, for the Potter Company. The
two men .^ were driving X toward San
Mateo, where-they observed the auto
mobile, without .apparent reason, sud
denly stop and turn over. They hasten
ed to the rescue of !the party. and con-^
veyed the to Sa.n« Mateo. ''\u25a0;\u25a0 They
say the - machine' was running at; a
moderate rate of speed.
LEWIS IS PROSTRATED.
Lewis . was prostrated by -• the \u25a0 unfor
tunate accident and offered to surrender
himself to*the authorities, but was al
lowed to -go on his own recognizance!
He said : v "I ; was running jcaref ully, -at
the. request of Miss i Nicoll," who seemed
exceedingly Umld.v On' the down grade,
leaving Crystal j Spring Lakes dam.if she
asked me to slow. down. I had just .ac
ceded to her * demand ;' when '-\u0084 my .; fore
wheels struck a small rock." ; The steer-*
ing' gear was thrown out, for, it did not
respond to myiattempt to overcome the
divergence of the wheels causedby con-J
tact with - the \ rock. The ? next i instant
the ; machine ' turned." "j I '} wasi; not \ mak
ing more than ": eight 1 -miles an' hour
down i a gradual ' grade at ; the Y time , of
the accident." >>• : ,r, r . ;X :
: Miss. Fox < said:; "Mr. Lewis was;run
ning slowly. • .1 do not ; see how. the' ac
cident ] happened..' We ; planned to : go to
the new] lots'thatare on sale near Half
moon { Bay." vThe Abuses ? were j crowded;
so Mr. Lewis, whom -we^ had " hHherto
not. known, at ,- the i- solicitation- of i-the
manager; of.; the 'sale,- offered ;, his auto
toVus.- C Miss , Curtis and- myself were
.willingto ; take;the ride, but. Miss Nicoll
was; frightened.^ Mr.', Lewis j ran|slowly,
at her. request. is a .terrible*. thing,'
biitjMr.' L^wis^ was. "certainly; riot] itf'any
/way ,T, T to -blamed ;It "seemed [ to ; irie ;that
the auto ran Into- the bank at the: side
ARMY MENACED
BY DESERTATIONS
Ranks Depleted by Number
Who Unceremoniously De
part During " the Year
NO HOPE TOR CANTEEN
Military Secretary States
Also Pay of Soldiers Will
Probably Remain Small
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29—Major*Gener
al F. C.V Ains worth, the i secre
tary,^ in his annual report 1 devotes much
attention 1 to^desertlons f rom • the i army.
Of the canteen he states that those who
know how it came to be abolished are not
hopeful of its .* restoration. The report
states that there ls.no likelihood of any
such Increase in -the soldiers'- pay as will
offset the' greater Inducement offered in
civil pursuits. r The comforts and even
luxuries that are" furnished to enlisted
men in the service are even nowcritl
cized by some as being not only extrava
gant but Injurious in their effect on men
whose real business it is to march and
fight, incumbered with, few comforts and
no luxuries. The report continues:
Our people have little ' real Interest : in the
army In time of peace, and from;th« earliest
day of . the republic have been accustomed to
look upon It as a more or less unnecessary in
stitution. Enlistment in the army in time of
peace Is not uncommonly regarded as evidence
of worthlessness on the pan of the recruit.
It Is safe to predict that desertions from the
army will continue to be excessive \u25a0 until there
shall have been a radical change' of public sen
timent toward the army and until the deaerter
shall come to be regarded as th« criminal that
he ia, to be ostracised and hunted down as re
lentlessly as any other transgressor of the laws.
There Is no reason to look for such change of
sentiment In the near future, and there are
some. who believe that the change will never
come until our people shall have learned, through
national disaster and humiliation, that the ef
fective maintenance of an army of professional
soldiers is absolutely essential to the preserva
tion of the national honor and life, and that
the trained and disciplined troops of a modern
army cannot be withstood- D>- hastily organized
armies of untrained or half trained civilians.
The losses in the -regular army during
the fiscal year were: Officers killed in ac
tion or died of wounds, 24; resigned or
discharged, 20; dismissed, 13; deserted. 3;
retired, 59; total, 119. Enlisted men killed
in action or died of wounds or disease,
377; discharged upon expiration of term of
service, 22,254; discharged for disability,
by sentence of court-martial and by or
der, $3460; deserted, 6533; retired, 189. To
tal, 38,831,
During the year 274 battle flags in cus
tody of \u25a0 the War Department were re
turned to the Governors of the States In
which regiments that bore them were
raised. There still remain 452 of these
flags. General Ainsworth recommends
that these Union flags be transferred to
the United States Military Academy and
that the , Confederate flags be given to
some general Confederate memorial or
historical association.
FLOWER' TAKES NAME
OF PRESIDENT'S WIFE
sßeautis Beautif ill' Chrysanthehiiini
Christened "The Mrs. ':-.
Roosevelt.- 1 '
Special Dispatch' to Tbo Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— 1n the place
of honor at the annual chrysanthemum
show of the Department of Agriculture,
which will open to-morrow, "will be found
a beautiful flower which Secretary Wilson
has christened "The Mrs. Roosevelt."
The show will be held In the green
houses of the department. "The Mrs.
Roosevelt" is described as an incurving
flower of more intense yellow than any
of the other yellow chrysanthemums to
be 'exhibited. Experts of the department
congratulate themselves that the de
velopment of this flower, which is now In
full bloom, is a fine piece of work.
To the next most noteworthy flower, a
"silvery pink" chrysanthemum. Secretary
Wilson has given the name "The Miss
Alice Roosevelt." The petals of~-~this
blossom are reversed rather than Incurv
ing and are decidedly quilled at the tips.
CLOSE CALL FOR CREW
OF A SINKING CRUISER
Seamen of the Cardinal Cis
neros Are Rescued With.
Difficulty.
FERROL, Spain, Oct. 29.— The naval of
ficials have given up hope. of salving the
hulk and arms of the Spanish cruiser
Cardinal \u25a0 Clsneroa, which sank yesterday
near Moros.- The vessel is lying in a bad
position in eighty feet of water.
At the time of the accident the Cardinal
Cisnero3 owing to a fog was proceeding
slowly and taking soundings. The vessel
struck an uncharted rock with terrific
violence. An enormous rent was made In
her bows, through which the water rushed
in great volume.. The ship began to sink
rapidly.
.The crew was called to quarters and ob
served perfect discipline. -They launched
eight boats/ but these were not sufficient
to take off the entire complement of 540
men. < The remainder was rescued under
difficult conditions by - a steam trawler
and several fishing smacks that stood by.
The ship disappeared in less than forty
minutes.
YUKON NAVIGATION
ENDS FOR SEASON
Vessels of Transportation
Companies NowJin Win
ter Quarters.
Special i Dispatch to The Call.
', SEATTLE, Oct. 29.— Navigation Is
now at an' end on, the Yukon and the
river ; steamers of the White- Pass and
Yukon, North ''American Transportation
and '.Trading Company and the; Norths
em Commercial - Company have gone
into winter? quarters at White Horse,
Dawson and other points. A stage line
is ; { already < ~ running '} White
Horse: and Dawson, wagons being used.
InrDecember, 'after the snow falls, the
wagons /willlbe replaced. by sleighs and
a regular schedule maintained.;- During
the . summer/ the yWhlte Pass \u25a0 line has
shipped-in a large number of horses for
use this winter.
of the road, but Mr. Lewis denies this.
It all.; happened 'so, suddenly. I cannot
'f ullyVcomprehend - it yet."
•" Miss i Curtis -i was ; so . badly, hurt that
sheicould give no'lucld) account of the
occurrence. ,She" was taken to her home
In ; this city under : the care of. Dr. \u25a0 Mor
rison.^'' v- ; -'X-- \u25a0\u25a0 : ;: .' V:: \ : .:\u25a0-
T. Miss Nicoll had been in the employ of
the .Pacific ; Mall j Steamship -Company's
offices \u25a0 f ori the | last | twenty- seven i years!
She '.was . f 4C jyears^ of -age* and} leaves, a
widowed'; mother^ arid- sister J, to mourn
her untimely; demise." y." -V \u25a0.*\u25a0;••,' ": J
': -An .Inquest In -San' Mateo
next Friday * night iat '7:30 o'clock.
SLAV CRUISER
VISITS JAPAN
First of the Czars Warships
to Enter a fort in the Isl
• and Empire Since the War
TROOPS RETURN HOME
Evacuation of Manchuria by
the Little Brown Men Is
Being Actively Carried On
NAGASAKI, Oct. 29. — The Russian
cruiser Bogatyr has arrived here. 'This
is the first Russian warship to visit
Japan since peace was declared. °> ;-l; -l
The Bogatyr has on board General Dani
lof and the board which was commis
sioned to receive Russian prisoners. The
crew reported that there was a shortage
of provisions at Vladivostok when peace
was restored. .-' ,\
TOKIO, Oct. 29. — The evacuation of
Manchuria by the Japanese is being ac
tively carried on and troops aro arriv
ing daily, at various ports. General
Kuroki is expected here by the middle
of November.
The great Shinto rites In memory of
the naval officers and men who were"
killed during then war were held to-day
at Aoyama Cemetery. Besides the ad
mirals, officers and sailors, hundreds of
civic dignitaries were present.
Admiral Togo addressed the departed
spirits, eulogizing their noble deeds in
battle and their gallant co-operation,
which resulted In the sacrifice of their
lives. He humbly asked repose for the
spirits, whose exemplary deed 3 in life
had eminently contributed to the vic
tory, over a, powerful enemy.
While reading his address Admiral
Togo was seen to be stirred with strong
emotion, which was In contrast with
his calm demeanor while on the bridge
of the Mikasi during the hottest battles.
The ceremony wab impressive and cal
culated to leave a lasting impression on
those who witnessed it.
Thousands of sailors marched to the
accompanying strains of music to the
cemetery and afterward to the Naval
Club. »
MIXTURE THAT DOES'
AWAY WITH MATCHES
Denver Chemists Unable to
.Analyze Their Dis
covery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Oct. 29. — Fred Cowell. a
drug clerk, and Charles Franzeen, hU
employer^ will make fortunes if they
can analyze a strange mixture which,
placed on gas mantles, makes them
light instantly when the gas is turned
on, without matches being needed.
Cowell made the discovery by acci
dent. The bottle " and its contents,
which are phosphorescent, were pur
chased at auction with a stock of drugs
by '.Franzeen.. when. he. first. t went,
business twenty years ago. The labsl.
on the bottle was blurred and Fran
zeen placed it on a top shelf in hi» lab
oratory*
On Friday, Cowell- was dusting about
the laboratory, when .his duster struck
the bottle. . knocking tt from -the/shelf.'.
It fell on a ,gas lamp., directly under
the place It occupied on the shelf. The
: glass stopper came out of the bottle
and struck and broke the lamp and
the chimney. Then the bottle fell on
its side and a quantity of its contents
spread over the mantle of the gas
lamp. iJ^fv-
The accident occurred in the morn
ing and Cowell paid no attention to it.
When night came Cowell turned on tbo
gas and struck a match. To his sur
prise the mantle blazed without- the
match being applied. He turned off.
the gas and .the lamp went out. He
turned it on again and before he could
apply a match he found the gas burn
; ing.. He reported his discovery to
Franzeen and they have worked stead
ily more than forty-eight hours try
"ing to analyze the mixture, but \u25a0with
out success. They have found that the
contents of the bottle are a combina
tion of phosphorescents and other
chemicals, but the exact chemicals and
the component parts they have been
unable to determine. Both are chem
ists and know that if they can make
self-lighting gas mantles they j will be
enriched. Hundreds have seen the
mantles light themselves. r y : .-
My \Special \*
&- \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0
S A particularly good value
"m" at $1.50. I offer it specially at
C , price quoted as an advertising
E proposition. It has three ex- : -
m cellent- blades of fine steel; is
S durably put together; has
C buckhorn handle; is of sulta- .-*
E: ble size and shape for either
\u25a0 lady or gentleman, Pi fin
\u25a0 and my special price Is wi iUU
B i I Grind and Hone All Sorts
B j of Cattery at Low Prleea.
\u25a0 Rai»rs honed and ground.
9 II ~y* Honing: 2 1»C. • "
If .Mall orders promptly filled.
I THAT MAN PITTS.
J.F. W. PITTS, - The Stationer,
M^ 1008 Market SU San. FrancUco
FOR SHERIFF
Peter J; Curtis
REGULAR. DEMOCRATIC AND
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
Always. Remember tho Full .Name
if jaxative Hromo Qmmna
|C&r«fi aOcrid in One Day, Gr^te 2 Days
tor 25c
SHOULD \u25a0 USE « DAMIANA i niTTERB, THE
. . Great \ Mexica n : Remedy : . jives health *nd
strength to sexual orcans. Dec. 323 Market.
, ADVERTISG3IEXTS. _^^
- \u25a0 ; \u25a0 . ,f
We give you a
service
In advertising that has cost us many
thousands of dollar* to perfect. We
will write copy for you that will
sell your goods, place them in the
right mediums at the right time in
the right way and buy space cheaper
| than you can.
We will write, illustrate and print
anything, from a business card to a
catalogue, in a different way than
any body ehe. We are always
Baimhart and Swasey
. Incorporated
Management of Advertising
.107 New Montgomery Street, S F.-
Tclepbooe Mala 392
1 • '{
WE CURE MEN FOR $12.50
&^^^^^K Reliable
f 4g>\ n*y- g >i * » n
/^^P^v t^r Thin Moat
j^VHcs ' " JL. Emph«tig«lly
•^^i^^ 1 , M&~— ft i% for 7 " n
XV* cure >>rronJ» Debility. Varlco-
crlr. L'rethral Ob»trucllon. Blood
PnlMon. Klrtney and Bladder Troa-
hlc». Prowtatle DU«i»»» and all Ola- m
rased of 3len. , : •
SPECIAL. DISEASES — Newly con-
tracted and chrorlc cas«» cure<l All Dura-
Ins. itching and Inflammation atopped In
twenty-four hours; cures effected In seven
a \Ve especially invite all DISCOURAGED
and DISSATISFIED sufferers who have
been treated without receiving a cure to
call on us. It will cost you nothing to
cpnsult us and have an examination ot
your case made, and \u25a0*• shall be glad to
tell you frankly what is your condition and
what we can do for you.
Write If you cannot call. All corre-
spondence strictly confidential and all re-
plies sent In plain \u25a0 envelopes. No names.
ca*<>s, letters or tphotosraphs of patients
published cr exposed. -. .. •_* ..;. j
DR. HOLSMAN & CO. 1
Hours: Bto 5. 7to 8:30 p; m. dally; Sun- N
...- day. oto 12.
T2O 31ARKET ST. (Top Flo«r> 9. F.
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
OF ANATOMY^
T 2^» T!nL«.-j»tS An*:o=ileU Mateoatata* f
A W«r>d. W*ska«n«a ar «»f WitrMtl X
T pSisS} <U»M>» p««l tl »«ly cwn* b» UM tiitm. W
X fSf^i Bp«A»lUfatl*C—n. BMi-itjnn. +
A ft&ffil OR. JORDAN-DISEASES Qt MEN 2
\ I Co»«n!t»tl»a tt** »a 4 itHellr prim* T
if I •¥ .31 If pent*:r. -vri la trarj c*» aa*er»itn. W
43 7 \\» wr!:»ftTß«k.pnii-oi«r«T»fl
fa 1 mamkiack. '-AiLio rxxs. ia w
\ & \u25a0 r»i>iabl* bMt tt mea.) \
• f DB.JOBSAM A €O« 1051 Market St.a »- V .
| y^^^,^^. -^» -^f<». <^ -^ -^- *»\u25a0 *^> \u25a0' '
PILES! PILES!
. MAC'S INFALLIBLE PILE CURE
CURES ALL. CASES OF BLIND."
BLEEDING. ITCHING AND PROTRUD-
ING PILES; cases of many years" stand-
ing cured by a single box; price. 50
cents. A. McBOTLE & CO., DRUGGISTS.
504 Washington" St.. San Francisco.
OCEAyjrRAVEL.
Steamers l«av» Piers 3
jfifssSsßs. «nd 11. San Francisco:
AfT^ >sj\ For Ketchikan. Wranijel.
Im/ l^sT^fc Y*\ Jun ' au - TreadweiU Haine«.
I I \¥i%<\ I I Sk.-iKway. etc.. Alaska — 1L
I I \W»4&/ I a - ra. Oct. 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. \u25a0
\4\ \\ . " yxfj 27. Nov. 1. Change to this .
V^sjf ' company's steamers, at Se-
-^^i—^^ For Victoria, Vancouver;
Port Tbwnsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
eortfa. South Belllncham. BelllnKham — It a.
m., Oct. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Xov. 1. Chansa at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry- at Seattle or Tacoma to N". P.
By.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m.. Oct 2. 8. 14, 20, 28. Nov. 1. Corona.
1-SO p. m.. Oct. 5. 11. 17. 23, 29. Nor. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme —
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 5. IX 21. 29. Nor. 4.
Bonlta. a a. m.. Oct. 1. 9, 17, 25. Nov. X
For Ensenauia, Magdalena, Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. v Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Ilex.) 10 . m.. 7th each month.
\LASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 190»— Th»
palatial ' Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANH
will leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Jun»
7. 21. July 3. 19. August 2. \u25a0
For further Information oMaln folder.. «»!«ht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES^ — » New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. . Freight Offlce— lo Market st.
Oakland Offlce — 852 Broadway.
C. D DUN ANN.. General Passenger Agent.
\u0084 .. 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
iQHIENTAL S. S. CO.*
dteamers wiU leav* wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for Yokohama and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kobe (Htogo).
Vagasakl and Shanghai, and connecting- at
Hongkong with steamers for India, ate N«
No cargo received on board on day of sailing.
5.S "AMERICA MARC" FRIDAT. Oct. «.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. -
• For freight and passag» apply at company's
Mm. ""^^fg-iKgy&^ggSf
9ceaßKS.s.c«,HJiS£
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney ; Tauxsday. Nov. X 2 p..m-
S S."MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 22. U a.m.
} P.SPBECIELS i BBOICOL,iIQ. BfitH OSB 543 Xll-
ttt * W! OSC2 327 MaiiTt SL. PUT 7, Paa3: SL
Caxnpafrale Generale Trannatlnntlqae.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— Parts: -J^fte
fcai'ilnf every Thursday Instead or^tj^l*
..Saturday. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
-North River, foot of Morton st. \u25a0 - '
First-class to Harre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 . Broadway (Hudson bulldm*?.
N«w York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
• BAT A\D_I\TERURBAS ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALLEJO and NAPA
Napn \/eill»y Rout©
\u25a0 MonUcelto S. S. Co. and Napa . Vaßcy : sieo-
trlc R. R. Co. Close connections.
(J-BOUXD TRIPS DAILY — 8
. Boats leav* Saa Francisco 7:00. r):»i *> m..
12:30 noon, S: 15. 6:00. >:U0 p. m. •"
San Francisco landing and otttce. - Pier "i"^
foot of Ml?ilon it., on* block sou:h Mirk»t-ft.
Ferry, i Menls a la cart*. .. Phon* Main 130 S.
•Lands Navy- Yard dlr<Hrt •
WEEKLY CALt, SI PER YEARS SLAV GOVERNMENT PRACTICALLY
WITHOUT A RESPONSIBLE HEAD
Sovereign Vacillates Between
Autocracy and Reform While
Anarchy Runs Riot.
Continued from Pace l t Columns 1 and 2.
who are keeping professors and students imprisoned in the in
stitution.
Sick Persons Deprived of Medicine.
Even the druggists have struck and as there is much sick
ness the police have divided the city into districts, and also have
selected stations for the giving of first aid to the injured in caseo
of collisions between the troops and the people.
Such news as comes from the interior shows no improve
ment in the situation. The Government everywhere seems
powerless to break the strike. After the Governor had formally
instructed the troops not to fire, and upon the demand of the
"Black Heads" at Reval, the soldiers were sent. out of that city
and the place left in charge of a local militia which had been
organized by the citizens. v
»• Most interesting by far, however, is the news from Mos
cow, the real Russian capital, where, according to private reports,
I the Municipal Council and the committee of public safety are
sitting continuously and where a struggle is momentarily ex
pected between the "League of Russian Patriots," a reactionary
organization led by the priests, and the newly organized militia
and students. The Moscow Municipal Council is also reported
to have sent an ultimatum to che Emperor, demanding the pro
\ mulgation of a constitution.
Although it is impossible officially to confirm these 'reports,
they seem to admit of no doubt that the anti-Government forces
. have the upper hand.
The Government 19 no longer in communication with the
forces in the Far East, except by cable by way of China.
The situation cannot well be exaggerated. With the present
indecision of the Emperor the Government has neither a head nor
a policy to meet the crisis, and things seem to be drifting to
ward anarchy. The revolutionists openly declare that the Gov
ernment has ceased to exist and that nothing remains to his
Majesty except to abdicate. With a firm hand at the helm and
a rational policy, however, all might quickly be changed.
rROTECTIOV OF AMERICAN*.
P^fttete Department Cables Instructions
.« "to Spencer Eddy.
, WASHINGTON. Oct. 29. — The condi
.tkm of affairs In Russia formed the
basis of a dispatch received at the
State Department from Spencer Eddy,
the American Charge d' Affaires at St.
Petersburg, who said the situation was
tntfry alarming. The dispatch was the
subject of a lons conference between
"" e o Secretary Root, who returned to the
city from New Tork early in the even
£ e ing. and Mr. Bacon, the First Assistant
Secretary, who has been acting as the
head of the State Department during
Mr. Root's absence. Mr. Eddy asked
] the Department for further instructions
to meet jjjcyr-.e^erntuatlties which might
arise out* of "the condition of affairs as
they now exist in St. Petersburg, and
late in the evening these were cabled
to^ him. *
One feature " o* these Instructions
I covers the question of protection of
Americans residing In St. Petersburg
in case of a general rising which might
endanger their lives. In the event of
an outbreak they will be accorded the
protection of the American Legation
until further arrangements can be made
foi their accommodation, if such be
found necessary. It is not believed by
the State Department officials that
there is any erreat number of Americans
sow in St. Petersburg, as most of the
\u25a0 tourists have left the country In antici
opation of the winter season. Such a*
may be in the interior it Is thought are
not in any danger. ~'U-'.
The chartering of a vessel and the na-
J^tlon£llzing of U by hoisting an Ameri
-^tcan flag, to provide a refuge for Ameri-
Icans is rether an unusual proceeding and
\u25a0 Is not resorted to excejjt In cases of
« extreme emergency, the State Depart
ment generally relying on the asylum af
forded by the Embassies and Legations
o as adequate in the premises. The • offi
cials hope that such a step will not be
necessary, .but that the' disorders will
soon quiet down and the safety of Ameri
oans thereby be assured.
In diplomatic circles the news from
Russia during the past few days has
caused a itrofound impression. Those
conversant with existing conditions In
Butsia were prepared to hear at any time
of disorders growing out of the unsettled
° conditioa of affuirs there, but they are
0 „ ttmazed that they should have grown to
Buch magnitude and got almost beyond
the contrql/of the. government. While
member's of* the diplomatic corps .are not
disposed to publicly make any expression
of their views, it Is evident they view
with deeo concern the events now oc
curring ih the Czar's empire.
Baron Rosen, the Russian Enibassador,
read with great Interest the press dis
patches coming from various parts, of
Russia to-night. He would not discuss
the news, except to say that he thought
the«d'sorders soon would cease and the
1 , strike break up gradually.
WHO* IS DIRECTING THE REVOLTf
- c ßussian Government Does Xot Know
J^ Whence Come Strike Orders.
\u25a0^*> 6T. .PETERSBURG, Oct. 29.— The
Russian capital is like a city In the
possession of a foreign army. To-nlj;ht
again the soldiers are bivouacking- in
the darkened and otherwise deserted
streets. The Nevsky Prospect alone is
cflooded by the glare, of the great search
° light erected on the spire of the Ad
miralty building. Tbe curious are
drawn there like moths to a candle and
the sidewalks are thronged, while the
Government clerks scurry along the
roadway, threading- their way through
the infantry aad cavalry patrol^. Even
In the Nevsky Prospect many windows
of the shops arc boarded up. Although
electric lights have been restored In
c some sections, the streets are dark, for
bidding and deserted by all save the
patrols. Occasional fires are kindled by
fttiflaltimallßankrf&rFarifu:
at S»«n $-r»iiri*rii.
CALL IIUILDI.\G CAPITAL (FULLY PAID). 9300.000
OFFICERS l
ZOFTH S ELDREDGE) ......President
\u25a0UALTERJ B*RTNETT"<Vice M. J. HYNES RALPH S. HEATON
ALLEN GEIFTITIiS S Presidents Cashier Assistant Cashier
DIRECTORS!
ARTHUR HOLLAND-Pre«t. United Rail- CHAS WEBB HOWARD_Pre«t. Spring
_« >i* t- n ir»»<»r»^ici*A \ Alley water wotks
JOHN LLOYD-Ex-Prest. German Butt*. 3^^^^^"^ C°lUmblaaC ° 1UmbIaa
end. Lean Society O. A, HALE— HaIe Brew. . "
E. F. HUTTON— E. F. Hutton & Co.. CHARLES W. SLACK— Recent, University
BBankecs and Brokers, New York and fcaa ot cauf orn ja. . . •
FrancJscb ALLEN GRIFP7THS, VJce-Preat. — CapJ-
WILLIAM P. PLUMMER— Manager Drex*. uilst '
ler Estate ZOETH S. ELDREDGE, Prest. — Let*
WALTKR J BIRTN'ETT Vlce-Presc— Bank Commissioner and National Bank
' Vlce-Prest.' and Gen. Counsel Western Examiner for Pacific States and Terri-
Paciflc R R torles.
.Solicits the aeconnt" ot Bunks and Banker*. 3lerca>itH« Firm*. Cor-
porations and Individual* In <he City and out of Town, and Is prepared to
furaiwb n« inch drponltor* bu»locs<i facilities In kerpJnK with their bal-
\u25a0 nee* and fiitimdal KtnnrUntr. . ,
fiafe Dcuoait Vsolta on Ground Floor.
janitors in the middle of the streets,
which gleam red and smoky In the deep
October darkness.
A train arrived to-night from Ger
many in charge of a railroad bat
talion, having been four days cover
ing the distance from the frontier.
Many meetings were held to-night in
various quarters of the city, at which
the workmen, encouraged by the suc
cess of the movement, were in a
jubilant and confident spirit. The bet
ter classes, as a rule, are keeping
closely to their houses.
The Government and the Liberals are
at a loss to know whose Is the contriv
ing brain behind the great -strike. The
directing hand is invisible, though its
workings are plainly evident. It is
thought the strike may have been di
rected from Switzerland or Germany
and executed here through the Social
Democratic organizations, in which
representatives of the workmen and the
students are equally active. The or
ganization is able to', sway the great
student body through its student mem
bers and everj-where to-day the stu
dents,, were seen mingling with the
workmen and taking an active part in
their movement.
TRAVELS ACROSS COUNTRY
TO HIS MOTHER'S BEDSIDE
San FVanelseo Dairyman Goes to Meet
His Paren* Who Has Arrived
From the Azores.
BOSTON. Oct. 29.— Manuel Mello of
San Francisco, who owns a $25,000 dairy
farm in California, arrived here yester
day afternoon after a 4000-mile express
run to meet his mother, who Is lying
sick at the Carney Hospital. It is the
longest trip on - record of any one com
ing to meet an immigrant here. Mello
has seen his mother but once in the
nineteen years since he came to
America from the Azores, although he
has frequently urged her to come and
make her home with him. She stead
ily refused, however, disliking to leave
her old home. \u25a0
Finally, with all her children g'fown
up and married, the loneliness told on
her so that she had to come. She had
hardly landed, however, when she was
taken sick and Mello was telegraphed
for. He will take his mother to Cali
fornia with him.
evterpri.se baxk said
to be is awfulmuddle
Pittsburs- Institution Reported to Be
the "Worst Wreck on
Record."
PITTSBURG, Oct. 29.— The Post to-mor
row will say: If every penny of the 100
per cent assessment against the stock of
the Enterprise National Bank Is paid, the
depositors will not get more than 10 cents
on the dollar. That Is the opinion of the
Government officials at Washington, to
whom the corps of Federal experts who
are at work at the bank here have re
ported.
Startling facts as to the extent of the
failure have developed. The department
officials brand lt as the "worst wreck on
record." Not only does it appear that
every asset of the institution was bor
rowed or stolen, but that through the re
hypothecatlon of notes and securities, the
bank owes In excess of everything lt ever
had. . \u25a0
MIDHI.i: WEST IX GRIP
OF SEVERE S.\OW STORM
DENVER, Oct. 29. — A wet snow be
gan falling late this afternoon and the
storm was In full sway to-night. • Re
ports to the local weather bureau show
that similar conditions prevail In
Wyoming, Weßtern Nebraska and South
Dakota. In Colorado only the Eastern
slope Is affected. No serious interrup
tion to railroad traffic or telegraph
communication has been reported. , The
Burlington train from the north ar
rived ten hours late.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO; CALL, MONDAY^ "OGTOBER 30, /1905.
SAYS CZAR
YIELDS TO
DE WHITE
British /'Correspondent Re
ports Count Has jßeeii
Made Premier and Sweep
ing Reforms Are Granted
ARMED INSURRECTION
AT END OF THE YEAR
Socialists May Call Off the
Present Strike in Order to
Complete Their Prepara
tions for War With Throne
LONDON, Oct. 30. — The Daily Tele
graph's St. Petersburg correspondent,
telegraphing to-night, says:
"I Bin Informed that the Emperor has
just accepted the Liberal : programme,
appointed Count de Wltte Premier and
given legislative powers to tnt- repre
sentative assembly,, allowing represent-,
atlves from all sections of tin; popu
lation to be elected to lt and abolish
ing: martial lan* throughout (he em
pire. I am further informed that the
Kmperor will Issue a manifesto to the
people to-morrow."
In earlier dispatches the Daily Tele
graph's correspondent described the
autocrats as like "a "bulb of mercury
fallen from a height and shivered into
little pieces," and Russia as having be
come an "archipelago of political
islands, each independent of the others,
all dealing with public affairs with
hardly any reference to the will of the
once all-powerful monarch."
"Anti-monarchical sentiments," ;the
correspondent goes on to say, "which
would have been a- terrible crime two
months ago, are now in everybody's
mouth. The Russian people, , suddenly
educated by events and Sobered by a
sense of responsibility, is able, .willing
and determined henceforth to manage
its affairs in its own way and with
out interference from above.
"My belief is that it the authorities
abstain from violence the strike will
terminate next week* because the So
cialists are waiting till the md of the
year for an armed insurrection^ when
they will be fully prepared."
A dispatch to the Standard fro ni Odes
sa, timed 7 p. m. t October 29, sayair/; ,- s -r
' "A ! collision betweri ' the miltary j. and" a*
crowd of students and strikers occurred
an hour ago in Tyraspoloskaya; street.
The soldiers without warning tired point
blank Into the people, killing twenty and
wounding sixty. The students are hold
ing a stormy conclave at the university.
•*It is reported from Kieff that three
regiments have mutinied In the ; South
western provinces and there are alarming
reports hereo f the doubtful fidelity of
three battalions of infantry. ;.
. "I have had an interview with Gen
eral Kaulbars, commander-ln-chiel ; of the
Odessa military district, who said that
the situation was a grave one, but that
he did not yet consider himself warranted
in asking the authorities to again impose
martial law. His great fear appears -to
be that a general attack would bo made
on the Jews, _ in which case, he said,
he would use all the forces at his com
mand for their protection.
"Subsequently, I saw the civil-Gover
nor, who seemed to-be more nervous
about the situation, but who declined to
discuss it."
The Daily Chronicle's correspondent
at St. Petersburg sends the following:
"The court is in revolt against the
Emperor, who is vacillating between
the counsels of his Ministers to \ grant
a constitution, with Count de Wltte as
Premier, and the advice of the reaction
aries to proclaim a dictatorship iunder
General Count Alexis .Ignatieff, a; mem
ber of the Council of the Empire.'
"One of the most - ominous factors
in .the situation is the feeling among
the Finns. There are only 4000; trooj>s
in Finland, the 6000 reservists* sent
there having been brought back be
cause they developed revolutionary
leanings. Should the Finns revolt, the
Government could not reinforce the
garrisons, because every soldier Is
wanted, here and the navy is unreli
able." . ; .- vO-; : .V;' : :".'
A dispatch to a news agency: from
St. Petersburg says: .:),- ' \u25a0\u25a0';
, "Brigands derailed a mall train to
nlfil.': near Groxny.' They fired: on the
passengers, killing twelve and wound-
Ing twenty, after which they looted the
train and decamped - with the malls."
JUMP FKOM TRAIN *r
: TO SAVE THEIR LIVES
Crew of Runaway Freight
Has Exciting Experience
at/Truckee.
RENO,, Oct. 29.— A freight train got
away . in * thex . railroad , yards at Truckee
last nieht and a derailing switch] is ah
that prevented it i from crashing . into a
westbound freight 'train at that moment
pulling into the ; yard. The; men on the
runaway train saved their lives byj jump
ing. The train was derailed by a switch
man who realized the danger; and \ threw
open the switch. In all, eight cars [were
wrecked, though traffic' was not; ln the
least delayed. The, accident 1 was caused,
by the failure of air brakes.: . -||
AMATEUR I.VCRI3IE MAKES jf \
MESS OF MIS FIRSTi JOB
BILLINGS, Mont. Oct. 29— Albert :L.
Moore, who obtained .money andj mer
chandise, to the extenttof 's376 20j from
five Billings v merchants by the .bogus
postofflce~ money order method, ||; has
been lodged behind •\u25a0 the bars. ; -2 111" has
been \u25a0 ascertained £hat \ Moore 1 purchased
twelve money orders aggregating [only
$1 68 and then raised the .amounts:
The orders were • drawn \u25a0/\u25a0by..; the 'vPost
master at Sheridan, ,Wyo., on ; the [post
office at Huntley. At the ; police j sta
tion Moore admitted his,guilt,)butjsaid
he was surprised^ that - the *.s fraud I had
been discovered so 'auickly. .: ;
"I thought It a pretty * smooth j deal
myself," said \u25a0 he.
; , Moore ; says ; he Is a fireman and | has
been working on > the Burlington's
Western ; lines. He also saysithat [this
Is his first venture lnto|crime and; ,.that
If he had been an old ; hand. at theiljusi
ness he „ might ". have ) succeeded ;! bitter/
but that now the knows that '; he i, will
have to take his medicine , .l|--
BLOOD RUNS
IN RUSSIA'S
BIG CITIES
Twenty-Seven Persons Killed
and Ninety Wounded in
Conflicts Between Troops
and a Mob .in Odessa
ROYALISTS BATTLE
WITH MALCONTENTS
Ozars Supporters in Mos
cow Ask For and Are Re
fused Permission to At
tack the Revolutionaries
LONDON, Oct. HO. — A dispatch to a
news agency from Odessa says there
have been two .serious conflicts there
between the troops and a mob, in
which twenty-seven persons were
killed and ninety wounded. The dis
patch adds that quiet wu* restored at
7 o'clock this evening. J -' . T
ODESSA, Oct.- 29, 5:35 p.. ra. — Cos
sacks have commenced firing on the
crowds -of workmen and students who
had barricaded street -corners with
street railway poles and furniture. At
one point a volley, from the Cossacks
killed one student, three -workmen and
a girl and wounded eighteen persons.
The .feeling is most intense. Rifle
and revolver firing is heard all about
the town,
The Governor in a proclamation said
that the first stone thrown at the mi
litia would be the signal for the troops
to fire. ' ;>^;
.-•-' The Governor asked • St. Petersburg
for authority to proclaim martial law,
but has not received an" answer.'. /All 4
the streets and ' squares are lull .of
Cossacks and oolice.
Citizens have formed a \u25a0 committee
for" public defense.
MOSCOW, Oct. 29— Nineteen wound
ed men | bnvc been brought to the Uni
versity Hospital as the result of an en
counter between students and royalists.
The Governor General has issued it
proclamation j warning' the royalists
who irish to attack the Liberals that
this v> ill not be permitted. The city is
entirely isolated.' , Prices 'of food ' are
mounting higher and higher. .
, .The Rusky Viodomosti, the most rep
resentative- of^thtf 1 'Russian journals'
here, prints an" article,' demanding,' as
the only way to restore tranquillity,
the concession of -all. the demands of
the people. - • .-,- :.-* , . -
WARSAW, Oct. 29.— The employes of
the Vienna railroad have resolved to
continue the strike until political' lib
ertles are granted. * -. ' "'. *'»
The Governor: has forbidden the pub
lication of even official news concern
ing the riots in Russia. The authori
ties acknowledge the situation' to be
extremely serious. All the ,manufac
turers,left the city to-day. The theaf
ters are closed and no newspapers are
being published.
The workmen In all the factories at
Radom Kielceb and Kaliaz have struck.
Disturbances have? occurred at Lodz,
where several • persons | were wounded,
and in the Opatow district, where a po
liceman was killed and the Chief of Po
lice was wounded.
TIFL.IS.OcL 29.— Complete disorder
reigns here. There, is rifle tiring
against the patrols in many parts of
the city.'- A bomb was thrown at a po
liceman, v
A military train has been derailed
outside the city and a number of Cos
sacks killed. ;.
The strike is complete on -all rail
roads |in the Caucasus. All the stores
and offices are closed. Even the em
ployes of the' State' lnstitutions and the
employes of , the \u25a0 Viceroyalty have
struck.
KIEFF, Oct. 29— Several Cossacks
who refused to tlr<* on the crowd dur
ing- the recent disturbances have been
arrested.
A sergeant of police was killed and
another policeman was wounded" dur
ing the search of a room in* a hotel to
day. Many revolvers nnd cartridges
wore found in the i room. ,
Great crowds are on the streets.
V STOCKHOLM, Oct. 29.— -The Russian
Government has requested the Swedish
Government to facilitate the trans
mission of the most important mails
for the continent, but not , another
steamship is available. A small; Fin
nish pilot-boat "arrived here to-day
bearing* mulls . from St. Petersburg.
STOCKHOLM, Oct. 20— It is reported
that the Russian priest, Father Gapon,
who was active In the troubles ',\u25a0', at St.
Petersburg In January of tihls year, has
left Christ lanla for ; the continent.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. , 30, 1:30 a. mi—
At 1 o'clock jthia morning an additional
detachment of military telegraphers took
possession of the general telegraph office,
and service was ,c, c partially resumed The
employes of the chief telegraph office last
night declared a three days'strlke.
The director of the imperial / theaters
to-day called" a meeting :of \ actors and
actresses,; who decided to cease their per
formances to-morrow. :' v
ROSTHOF-ON-DON, Russia, Oct. 29.—
The . strikers ; and reactionaries are fight
ing; here. ; Attempts to pillage ". the Jewish
synagogues and houses ; were stopped ' by,
the. police. . \u25a0
: GOMEL", Russia, Oct. 29.— A -bomb was
thrown against the police to-day and two
policemen _ were : killed.'
RIGA,"; Russia, OcL 29.— There were sev
eral \u25a0 encounters to-day ; between -the ; dra-*
goons : and * th"c' mobs. The? dragoons were
| three \ times fired ' upon , by the crowds. The
situation is ; growing worse. : ,
HELSINGFORS, ;Oct., 29.— A strike i tins
been : proclaimed ; on the Finnish '\u25a0* railway
f r«nT: St.'ii Petersburgito the ) frontier > sta-'
' tionof >Valkeasaarl. T .
; :.i REVAL./;; Russia, ; , Oct , 29.— Order ' has
I been "restored, here on the Governor, prom-^
, ; ismg > to .withdraw ; the :'» troops ' from the
streets , and Ito liberate - those who - have
been arested. '„. -..•;.' •_, \u25a0\u25a0-.'•' - \u25a0':'; : : -*.'; .: .: • *. '\u25a0'.- \u25a0 - \j;
' RIAZAN, Oct. 29.— The workmen \u25a0on the
Riazan, v Moscow [ and ; Ural • Railroad have
recommenced work. .) •
v SEBASTOPOL,;^Oct. i% 29.9-Duirlng' a
demonstration:, here to-day, a lieuten
ant and { a ' sergeant != of. ; police • , were"
wounded by shots from a crowd.' Many^
persons s were. .arrested, but were after
.ward liberated. \V ; . .?
\u25a0-\u25a0 ~ ROME/ Oct." Uo-— llsx. Qulseppe Aversa,':uV
*<ser | necretary : oit the | Congregation | for I Extraor- '«
dinary.'! Ecclesiastical has :_been^ap-i ;
* pointed : apostolic i delegate ; to : Cuba ': and Porto'
Rico in succession to the late Archbishop Chap
ell* ' .;\u25a0 : - r : : -v'-* : :'-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0;\u25a0.-':.•\u25a0•- :.-^ ;v -. r .f
DEATHS ARE DUE
TO BROKEN PIPE
Three. Persons Lose Their
9 Lives as Eesult of the
Bursting of Water Main
ACCIDENT IN CHICAGO
Scores of Families Driven
From Homes and Vast
Damage Done to Property
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— Three lives were
lost, property valued \u25a0at 115,000 was de
stroyed, scores of families were made
homeless and freight traffic on the Nickel
Plate Railroad was delayed for several
hours as the result of the breaking of a
water main at ' Eighteenth and Clark
streets to-day. The fatalities resulted in'
directly from, the bursting of-' the water
pipe, which flooded the immediate neigh
borhood : for several blocks, damaging \u25a0\u25a0 a
number of business houses. Two of the \
persons who lost their lives were over
come by gas in. the Illinois Tunnel at
Eighteenth street and Armour avenue
while attempting to ascertain' if the flood
had damaged the - property of | the com
pany, Tlie other death was the result of
a shock to an anvalid who awoke ? and
found her room flooded with water. Sev
eral- persons, were Injured in the 'flood
while attempting to recover the bodies of
the two men suffocated in tho tunneL
. The dead:
MICHAEL BARRY, shaft superinten
dent of the Illinois Tunnel Company;
overcome by gas.
PATRICK BARRY, master mechanic
for the tunnel company; overcome by
gas. ' - - .
MRS. LOTTIE -HAMLINV
The , injured: John- CaSey, overcome
by; gas while attempting to rescue the
Barry brothers, condition serious; Cy
ril Maher, overcome by gas while look
ing: for the bodies of the Barry broth
ers, condition serious; Joseph Levanci
co, leg broken, ) when ; the Nickel Plate
Railroad tracks. \u25a0; which had been un
dermined by the flood, caved in.
Several other persons suffered minor
injuries while escaping from the flood.
So great was the force* of water that
escaped from the broken main that all
business houses on Clark street from
Sixteenth to Twentieth and those on
La Salle were flooded. The tracks Of
the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
Railroad ; between . Seventeenth and
Eighteenth streets were undermined
and the foundation caved in. Several
freight cars were overturned and their
contents damaged.
SALT LAKE HOSPITALS
CLOSED TO CALIFORNIAN
Refuse Admission to Wife of an Oil
Superintendent Suffering: From
Diphtheria.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. ,29. — The
Tribune will -say. in the morning- that
Mrs. W. S. Fisher, whose husband is
superintendent of the Merchants' Crude
Oil Company at Coalinga, Cal., was
driven about this city in a hack for
five hours to'rday, being unable- to se
cure admission w tq a for. treaty
ment for diphtherlaJ.l]T,iiejdisease,mani
fested itself .on the train between ' Salt
Lake and Denver, where Mrs. "Fisher
|has been i visiting. '/'Late this . evening
her husband < secured accommodations
for her with a private family.
Special: $25 Suits
NdQc to \jrci6r
1 We ; want tto get more men acquainted with our tailoring depart-
ments— we wish to continue to add to our long list of regular
patrons. With the view of gaining new customers we offer this
special for a' limited time. < •
XL Certain materials in our $2^.00 line will be sold for $21.75.
This means you can select a pattern from our $25 goods and we will
make the suit to order for you at $21.75.
.\u25a0XL Furthermore you get the same workmanship and trimmings as
well as material that we 1 put into our regular $25 suits.
(['Every pattern in the assortment was selling for $2$ previous to
this sale. The materials are blue and black, clay worsteds, serges
and cheviots, and also fancy worsteds, cheviots and cassimeres: in the
latest colors and designs. You will find *in the assortment several
patterns in gray, which is now so popular.
XL ; Come in to-day— bring $2 1.75 and get a $2$ suit. This offer
will be: withdrawn when the materials selected for the sale are sold
out 'So don't put off ordering.
Ci, Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customer s-^wrtte
for samples and self -measuring blanks.
Manufacturers Wholesalers and Retailers of Clothing. . v
Twn I nro-& \t appc
A ''V 1^ vJl»\7l -yip
740 Market Street and; Corner Powell and Ellis
WELL-KNOWN
UNION LABOR
LEADER DEAD
UNION LABOR LEADER WHO I
DROPPED DEAD YESTERDAY
FROM HEART DISEASE.
TIK. Ryan- Expires
Suddenly at
•Hotel.
T. ; K. Ryan, president of Local Union
No. 1 of the Cement Workers, and secre
tary-treasurer of the International Broth
erhood of Cement "Workers, died suddenly
yesterday at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. He
was sitting in the reading-room when he
fell to the floorand expired before med
ical aid could be summoned. Death is
supposed to have been caused by heart
failure, i
T. K. Ryan was one of the best known
labor leaders in this city. Not only was
he popular among, the men of his own
trade, but he. was known and liked by all
union men. He was a prominent member
of the American Order of Foresters, hold-
Ing the rank of past chief ranger of Court
Mayflower.
He was a native of Jamesvllle, "Wiscon
sin, and aged 52 years. He was one of
the charter members of the Cement
Workers' ' local union. Because . of his ex
ecutive ability he was elected • to "several
offices In the organization. He served at
different times as business ' manager,
treasurer and secretary., He was "elected
as secretary-treasurer of the Interna-
TRY AT SUICIDE
CLEARS MYSTERY
Authorities of dintonville,
Wis.. Able to Locate Mrs.
F. A. Seaman in This City
DISAPPE.OIS SUDDENLY
Woman Was Believed toHave
Been Murdered Two Years
Ago in Her Eastern Home
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
CLINTONVILLE. Wls.. Oct. 29.— The
publication In the San Francisco Call of
the story of the attempted suicide there
of Mrs. F. A. Seaman has solved a mys
tery which the local authorities tried in
vain to clear up two years ago.
Some person, evidently a former Clin
tonville resident, sent a marked paper to
the local authorities, telling of the girl*
paying her last cent to her landlady and
turning on the gas as a result of 111 treat
ment by the man who posed as her hus
band. She declared that she had lived
with him at Spokane and that they had
quarreled because he wanted her to lead
an. immoral life.
The girl left here two years ago under
mysterious circumstances. In fact, 'lt
was supposed until the news of the at
tempted suicide was received that she
had been murdered here. All efforts to
trace her. from Clintonvllle failed and the,
local marshal at one stage of the In
vestigation put a male friend here in the
sweat box. but was convinced that he
was innocent. The river was dragged for
her body, and lt was not suspected that
she had left here alive, because she dis
appeared during the night, leaving prac
tically all her clothes at the place sh*
was staying.
CAPTAIX IX THE SAI*VATIO?r
ARMY "AMONG THE MISSIXG
Leaven Santa Rosa to Visit Head
quarter* and Has Not Beea
Seen Since.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 29.— Mrs. Stinnett,
wife of Captain Stinnett who has been'
In charge of the local Salvation Array
corps for some time past, is ill at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. George Cornelius
of this city. Her condition is due to
worry . over the mysterious disappear
ance of her husband. Captain Stinnett
left here last Tuesday In civilian cloths.
f-ayingr he was going to San Francisco
to visit divisional headquarters for the
purpose of requesting relief here while
his wife was ill- It is known that he
never went to headquarters, and as far
as can be learned here he has not been
seen since.
tional Brotherhood at the convention held
in St. Louis in 1904, and was re-elected at
the Springfield convention last September.
He was unmarried. The remains were
taken In charge by the Cement Workers*
Union."
The following notice has been issued by
the secretary of Cement. Workers* Union.
Local No. 1: "A special meeting of the
union is hereby called for Monday even-
Ing October 30. at 7 o'clock, at 927 Mission
street, to make fitting preparations for.
the funeral of our beloved president-
Thomas K. Ryan, secretary- treasurer, of
the American Brotherhood of Cement
.Workers. All members should attend this
meeting." . . • .
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY.
EXPERTS WILL
DISCUSS GRAPE
Yiticultural Problems to Be
Considered at College
for Benefit of Students
SHOKT. COUESE LESSONS
lectures by the. Men Fa
•. miliar With Troubles That
Besef Growers of Fruit
BERK-ELEY, Oct. "».-The place of the
grape i'.fe the • f ruJt-growlng industry of
California will receive d consideration at
tbe hands of experts throughout the en
tire day to-morrow, whtn members of the
"short coots* in agriculture at *he univer
sity will hear lectures and witness demon
stratlc::* undei' the direction of Professor
WicksSn, dean of the agricultural college.
Tke following programme '\u25a0will : be car
ried out during the day: -S a. m.; "Phyl
loxera and -Anaheliti Disease,"- by' F. T.
Bioimi; 9 a. m.. "Serious Vine Disease
of Europe,' Xot Yet TnfrfidUced Into 1 Cali
fcrr.ia,"' by -E: H. Twlght;'lo a. m.'. "Old
ium and Minor Diseases -of the Vine in
California," by O. Butler: 11 a." m.,
\u25a0•American Vine?."* by E. H. Twlght; 1
p. m., "Demonstration. Method of Graft
ing Vin?s-."~by F. T. Biok-tti. Evening,
Illustrated : lecture on the grape. \u25a0'* >
The culture t>f almonds • and walnuts
will be dipcusfifd f>n Tuesday. Irrigation
lectures will "be 'commenced at 2 o'clock
on Monday afternoon, > and continued
throughout the day on Wednesday. The
lecturers. : will t>* -'-ft. c H. -Loughrldge,
Frar.k Adams, J. IC. Le Cont« and S.
Fortier. The- foufprar rm nutrition, under
Professdr Jaffa's direction; will begin on
Wednesday,, to fee, followed on Thursday
by the courses on -entomology.
The department' of Romanic languages
will give a series of public '•lectures, ex
tending throughout the year, on French,
Italian and Spanish topics. The second
£*Tir* win be given in French on • Tues
days by E. B. Lamare on the subject,
"Prominent Frenchmen of the Eighteenth
Century." a« follows: October 31, "Men
of Science"; November 7, "Controversial
Writers"; November 14, "Moralists and
Po««ts"; November 21, "The Influence of
Women." The third series will be given
by Carlos Brar.sby in English on Thurs
day on Juan Valera. the Spanish novelist.
2.x follows: November 2. "Juan Valera,
The Man,''; November 9, "Juan Valera, thfe
Poet and Critic"; November 16, "Juan Va
lera, the Novelist."'
PASTOR RESIGNS
TO GO TO KOREA
Rev. J. C. Robertson of Ala
nieda Will Heal Suffer
ers in Orient.
OAKLAND, . Oct. 29.— The Rev. J. C.
Robertson, who for several years has
been the pastor of the First Methodist
Church South, of Alarneda, has resigned
bis pastorate to become a medical mis
sionary in Korea. While he is already a
doctor of medicine, he will take a post
graduate course in New York before go
ing to the Orient. He will be succeeded
in Alameda by the Rev. Dr. Bramford of
• Texas.
The Rev. J. P. Gerrion cf Berkeley has
W«n chosen pastor of the new Presbyte
rian Church at Elmhurst. He will as
sume his new duties November 5.
NOVEL COLLECTION FLAX.
- BERKELEY, Oct. 29. — Believing that
the police would cheerfully assist him
in collecting money due as wages from
his employer. Jae Hai Loy, a Chinese
Cook, brought into Marshal VolUner's
office this afternoon a sack of etove
IMs, stove dampers and silverware, the
property of Mrs. M. C Gregory at 2507
Charming way, which he desired the
marshal to keep until Mrs. Gregory had
paid him $29 45.
"She owe me money and will not
pay%" cried the Chinese servant. "I
take .her stuff and you keep till I get
the money."
The conception of the Police Depart
ment as a collection agency for Chi
nese cooks did not appeal to the mar
shal. Mrs. Gregory was informed of
the location of her property and the
Chinaman was arrested. The woman
did not care to prosecute, however, ex
plaining: that the Chinaman had re
fused to stay with her until new
cook could be procured, and so she had
refused to Rive him his wages. The
Chinaman was accordingly released.
ELKS ORGAMZB.
BERKELEY. Oct. 29.— 1n the pres
ence of a notable concourse of . Elks,
representing Oakland, San Franclfico,
Berkeley and other lodges, the new of
ficers of the new Berkeley lodge were
formally installed last night. The Na
tive Sons' parlor was utilized for the
ceremonies. Permanent quarters are to
be Eecured by the Elks in the near fu
ture.
The new Berkeley lodge begins Its
career with an unusually large mem
bership for an organization whose
existence is so recent and the mem
bership of the order is of a character
gratifying- to those who have taken
part ir. the organization.
Tbe following: officers w<>re installed
lafit night: A. E. Ghaw, exalted ruler;
V. R. Boon*, esteemed leading knight;
Dr. C. A. Meek, esteemed loyal knight;
J. D. Waterman, nsteemed lecturing
knlpht; E. M. Eatchelder, secretary; C.
E. Dunsr-omb, treasurer; Thomas Tur
ner, tjier.
W"IW,<»PJSN SKASON.— Alamrda. Oct. 29
The Alamc^ I!oat «Hub will o|>en the winter
»»afon with a lianqupt and entertainment at
thMr r'.ubho-jsc. foot of Chestnut street, next
faturday rvMiins. There will be a pro- 1
KTsxnmc of vauicvill.- sitetches, after which
rofrpi-hir^-nty wi)l be s<tvwi.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
v and
Enisrstd by the Medical Profession.
By destroying germs, they, as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressagc oh Free Trial Bottles.
So.d by teidinj Drugcisu.
Hot graultx unless lt'jel bexr* iaj- u^ruture :
61 0 Ptlnce Street, N. Y.
'\u25a0 TTrlteror free Information about
nviiHitzovi: und <;i.vco/o.vk.
OAKLAND HOMES
ARE IN DEMAND
Real Estate Men
Report Many •
Sales.
Transactions Show
People Want
Rooftrees.
OAKLAND. Oct. 29. — A large volume
of small business has marked the last
week In Oakland and Alameda County
real estate circles, nearly all the trans
fers recorded having been of small
residence properties, sold to newcomers
who intend to make their nomes in
this city. One of tho most encouragr
ing features of the market is the faut
(that few of the residence sites sold
| during the month of October have been
I purchased on speculation,- the deals for
j the most part having been made by
: persons who Intend to reside in Oak
! land. . ;.;-;
There has been little change In the
value of real estate in the last three
months, except in the case of inside
business, property. This class of
realty, owing to a steady Increase in
the number of business houses in
\ Oakland, has increased in value, and
i there has also been an increase In
rents in the business district, caused
by the Increased demand for stores/
Local real estate dealers are well
satisfied with the condition of the mar
ket, . although * large . sales . have . been
few in the last two months. Several
dealers, however, report large deals
pending, which they expect to close De
fore the. end of .the year.
A. J. Snyder. one of the best known
Of Oakland's real estate men, said to
day that business as a whole is better
than at the same period last year,
though large sales are not so numer
ous. As Jast year was a record-break
er, this would Indicate that this year
will break all records fort the sale of
Alameda County property. Mr. Snyder
reports a large number of inquiries
Tor water front manufacturing sites,
with good prospects of several' big
deals before the close of the year. He
is of the opinion that when people ac
tually see the tracks of the Western
Pacific Railroad along the front there
will be a rapid development of that
district. .
Thomas Gilbert, formerly of Los An
geles, who also conducted a real estate
business in San Francisco, has Just
opened real estate offices in the Union
Bank, building, where he will engage
in a .general real estate and brokerage
business. Mr. Gilbert has also secured
the local agency of a first-class insur
ance company.
The firm of Chapln & Booth, well
known real estate men, has Just re
moved to 60 San Pablo avenue. A
steady increase in their business has
made it necessary for them to secure
larger quarters. .
K. J. Stewart has Just returned from
& trip to Los Angeles^ r 'Mr.
St-ewart said to-day that he was 'more
than ever convinced that Oakland has
a great future. Alameda County,' h_e
says, has a better climate than that of
the. southern city,, and also has many
'othtr attractions lacking In Los Ange-.
'les. . .; . '. ', ,- '
. George K. Fish 'reports a steady de
mand for all kinds of residence prop
erty, both improved and unimproved,
and especially for cottages of the
bungalow type. He has recently sold
several houses of this style and finds
the supply far short of the demand. Mr.
Fish says that a large percentage of the
inquiries for Alameda County property
made at his office cbme from people re
siding in San Francisco.
Articles of incorporation have just
been filed for the.- Oakland of
Commerce and appended to the docu
ment-are the names of a number of
prominent business men, who are mem
bers of the Oakland Board of Trade
and also of the Merchants' Exchange.
As. soon as a few more members are se
cured the articles of incorporation will
be fprwarded to the Secretary of State
for registration. .
The Rudell Re"al Estate Company of
Fruitvale has Just adopted a. 'new
method of advertising the eastern su
burb, which has never before been tried
in .Alameda County and which is ap
parently destined to prove a great suc
cess. The company is distributing
numbers of illuminated postal cards,
reproduced from photographs of points
of interest in Fruitvale, and bearing the
address of the company. . A large num
ber of the prominent residents of Fruit
vale are sending these cards to their
friends in the East and in other cities
on the coast.
The .Carpentier tract, which for more
than a -year has been the largest .tract
of unimproved property in Berkeley,
consisting of 'ninety-two acres 'in. the
northeastern part of the town, has Just
been purchased by H. S; Palton .of ,
Berkeley and W. A. Irwin of San Fran
cisco and ihe purchasers, under the firm
• name of the Irwin-Patton Company,
will at once subdivfae the tract and
place it on tbe market. The price paid
for the tract was about {100,000. ?%£
In the last thirty. days E. L. Coryell
& Co. of Berkeley have made sales
amounting to more than $75,000, includ
ing the'followlng: Lot on Center street,
$3000; three acres on Webster street,
$12,000;- forty-two lots in the Santa Fe
tract (two blocks), over $31,000; three
lots at Lorin, $7000; six business lots
on Fifty-fourth street, $10,450; eleven
lots on'Callfornia street, $4835; one lot
in Berry-Bangs tract, $1025. Total,
$75,310,
REPORTS LOSS OF WATCHES.
BERKELEY, Oct. 29. — Report was
made to the 'police- to-day by Mi M.
Evans, a Jewelry solicitor, employed by
±-aul Z. Garin of, 114 Sutter; street, San
Francisco, that he lost a case contain
ing four watches yesterday, which he
believes fell into the hands of a shoe
maker. Gianni Arena, of South Berke
ley. . Evans states that he talked with
Arena yesterday regarding the pur
chase of a $65 diamond ring and when
he left the cobbler's shop neglected to
take. with him the case containing four
watches. When he returned to demand
the watches Arena denied having seen
the jewelry. Arena came to the at
tention of the police several months
ago. when he was suspected of having
tried to burn the store in. which was
his recently purchased stock of goods.
He was not prosecuted on the charge.
REALTY DEALERS INCORPORATE.— Oak-
Iand. Oct. 20.— The rrai estate firm known as
the'R. H. Madison Company of Hay wards has
filed articles of Incorporation. Its capital Htock
l(= SlOo.Dtto and the director* are B. H. Madison,
Chrintln* H. Madison, Hannah iM. Madison,
Martin J. Madison and Henry B. Madison. " V-
MANY TROUT PLANTED.— Oakland. Oct.
29.— LX-puty Game Warden Welch has delivered
at Livermoro 10,000 young trout and they have
been planted In the Arroyo Mochoby Deputy
Harry Morrlll. A. L.. Henry and other members
of the Alameda. County Fish and Game Pro
tective Aesociatlon. The season for trout'flsh
inc will cpen next April, y
the: s^nCfrMgisco gal^
JOINT DEBATE
ON SOCIALISM
State Organizer Ostiorne An
swers Attack; of^Tohn Ba
sil" Barnhill on -Doctrine
LAYS ALL tTO MONOPLY
Insists No Millionaire Won
lY&Mri Other^ Than
Controlling an Industry
OAKLAND, Oct. 29. — "Socialism.- was
the subject -of a joint debate last,night
I between John BaslL Barnhill 1 of . London,
England, who Is known as the Interna
tional .Antagonist . of lSpclallf in,^ and J.
I B. Osborne, the State, organizer of.- the
I Socialists in California, "> The debate was
\u25a0 held-' in' Diets Opera-house, >' Attorney Les
lie • Brown; the Socialists candidate for
City.. Attorney of San Francisco, ~ acting
as chairman .of the evening: I:*r'*1 :* r'* \u25a0 .\u25a0' «
Barnhill - has debated -.with Debs \ and
other leading -Socialists of • the country,
and is -well versed in- all •> that', pertains
to the subject.. In the course, of his argu^
ment , last .nigh V he . declared ;^that v eternal
agitation is ; the price' of Jiberty.yajidCthat
there was -lluie . chance of 'such (agitation
in a State, which owns -and- controls all .
the i means of, subsistence. •',; :. '; '. 1 ; ,
Taking "up- th&declaratlqn 6f r the Social
ists that it is rldic'ulousVto:, suppose that
the mass, of .the people, given, control' of
the ".Government, would . make: laws in
imical-to their own interests, the- speaker
answered with a formula 'which he de
clared all history affirms, '.'.'that. the more
government, the less liberty \ you have."
Mr. Barnhill also asked the question,
"How and by whom would my life work
be. selected under Socialism?"
In reply Mr. Osborne said that under
the present system of government the
I rights of the Individual are . entirely ig
nored by the so-called\publlc, und that no
society could possibly, "be, more ruthless »of
the rights of the" individual than is the
society of the present. He contended that
there Is something,"far higher in our pres
ent society than the Individual, and that
is the property or capitalistic class. He
declared that fealty to this class is to-day
the essence of religion, patriotism, civic
duty and all ethics, acd that disloyalty to
it is called sedition, treason and immor
ality.
The State Organizer also said that the
liberties of the people were not at pres-.
ent so much restricted by government as
by economic conditions, and that und»r
a free society the freedom of the Individ-'
ual would follow naturally.
Three mpredebates onigpciaHsm will be
held af 'thVfearfiiefplace.'toi'jtz Opera
house, Twelfth and Webster . streets, 6n
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday nights.:
On Wednesday night Mr. Barnhill will de-,
bate with John W r . Slay tori, * late candi
date for Governor of Pennsylvania, < the
subject being "Is the -disease preying
upon modern society- competition, or. is it
monopoly?" . Mr. Birnhill , affirms thet
that disease is not competition, as Social
ists allege, but is monopoly, the exact op
posite of competition. He will' offer to
accept the • Socialist «reed if any one will
name one milllonairtt who has : not made
his money essentially by monopoly.
COUNCILMAN
G. E. AITKEN .
A BENEDICT
: OAKLAND, Oct. . ' 29!— Councilman
George" E.Aitken, representing tho city
at large in S.he City Council , of Oak
land, stole a march on his friends this
afternoon, when he was auietly mar
ried' tb Mrs. Annie M; O'Hare. The
ceremony was performed by 'the Rev.
H. K. Sanborne at his residence.' ls72
Tenth avenue, and was very quiet;
only a few of the most intimate friends
of the contracting parties' being .pres
ent.
It was only- after' the'eeremony had
been performed that the^ announcement
of. the marriage, was made, and. then
only to a few intimate friends of. the'
bride and groom. : After the ceremony
the newly wedded pair went at once'
to the residence of the groom, 1075'
East Fifteenth street,- where they wilt
make their home.
The wedding th<s afternoon .was the
culmination of a .lifelong friendship.
Councilman Aitken having first met his'
wife more than twenty years ago, be
fore" her first marriage. ' Mr. Aitken
was a widower, his first wlfo having
died about five years ago.Mrs." O'Hare's
husband paßsed .. away a year later,,
and since that : time the early friend
ship has ripened into a, warmer senti
ment, which led the happy pair to the
altar this afternoon: \u25a0
Councilman Aitken , has |j already
served a full term, in the, City
this being the second time that he has
been chosen as a member of the legis
lative body of the "municipality. His
many rfriends. will, be pleased Ho hear
of the happy : event this; afternoon.
• The date for the wedding of Miss Doro
thy Altman of Denver and ISabbl M.
Ftledlander of the ; First j Hebrew^ Congre
gation of. Oakland has been set for next'
Thanksgiving day by the- mother of the |
prospective ; bride. The marrlagtv; will be
solemnized In Denver,;. where Mlsa Alt-*
; man's parents, reside, and many,? of Rabbi i
I Friedlander's Oakland friends twill at
• tend the ceremony.!-; •'• -' . . '\u25a0'.'\u25a0'. }[ •\u25a0^/'.' j:
j .The annual meetlngtOf, the .First He
1 brew Congregation . wfil.'be -hijld. next
Wednesday,' when- Rabbi Friedlarider's
salary will probably be increased from
$2400 to $3000 ayear. ' :^_
WATER CASE APPEA V.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2i9 — One of .the, larg
est documents ever sent up to' the Court
of Appeals, from this county Viajthat of
the city's appeal In the water, ritte case,
which - ; will; be -filed this v week) by City
Attorney J.E. McElroy and Carl H." Ab
bott, the special counsel for; th«?clty.f.
For months the attorneys, have" been
working on the appeal. and the difficulty
of . their arduous i task ; is shown |by 4 tha
fact that the Instrument' contains 5600
printed" pages and Is contained; hi- six
.VOlumCS..;/ '*\u25a0*\u25a0/":. '"'. ', .' '. j \ ."' \u25a0' ' J
EURGLAKS IN OAKLAND.— Oakland. Oct.
20. — Two ; burglaries, . apparently * tho t work =of
the same i thieves, , were • reported ;to - the ;> police
to-nlfcht. the \u25a0 first being : at - the home i>f DavlJ
Swain,, a retired police .officer," ats2lS? Orange
street," where valuable? !tofthe 'amount ? of- 535
were stolen." At ; the - home " of '•• Mrs. .. Wlmpson.
720 Sixteenth etreet. \u25a0- burglars vwhoj j entered
the \u25a0 house ; laat • uljrht >. secured ( Jewelry: and other
valuables . worth $35. In 'both : cases Entrance
was calned ' through -an unlocked ' wlndcnv. « .-\u25a0_•\u25a0 \u25a0-.
GIRL ARRESTED
AS HORSE THIEF
Steals Three Animals, Hack
and Set of Sells
Outfit and Dons Boy's Suit
SIXTEEN YEAES OLD
Claims She Disposed of Her
Booty to Obtain Funds for
a Visit to Her Eelatives
Special Dispatch to The Call.
;TACOMA, Oct. 29:— Myrtle ' Tipton,
aged 16 years, was arrested near Pres
cott to-day by t Deputy. Sheriff Nessley
of Whitman County on' the charge of
horse-stealing. She was taken to Walla
Walla and placed in the County Jail.
It- is alleged ' she went to. an Indian
ranch- on 1 the. Cover d'Alene Reservation
and. stole three horses, a hack and ; a
set of harness, took them to St. Johns
and sold them- to. a livery stable owner
for. $225." She donned a suit of boy' 4
clothes and went to'a hotel and secured
lodging. The next morning sho board
ed a train and went to Prescott, going
thence to theHarkness ranch. -'.
• ( Officials ' heard •of her arid instantly
located her on the Harkness r ranch.
Wxieh' questioned to-night she admitted
the theft and said she* sold the outfit
for the purpose of- securing money , to
go_to Yakima to visit her mother and
sister. She' is a sister of Charles Tip
ton, who was convicted of forgery in
Pendleton last week and sentenced to
two years "In. the penitentiary, but who
was paroled by a Judge of the Circuit
Court. \u25a0\u25a0/» \u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0;*• . /- . , :,
PASSES AWAY
AFTER BEING
SICK A DAY
j ALAMEDA, Oct. 29.— William Wipant,
once a.' leading oysterman- pf th\s coast,
died to-day at the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Webster, 2544 Clement ave
nue, after an illness of but one day. He
was S3 years .old. An autopsy this after
noon- showed general- peritonitis to ,be the
cause of death. ° ;'\u25a0>.\u25a0 ;
; The deceased was ,born..in New York,
and in the early fifties came to California.
He soon afterward embarked -in the oys
ter business, and for years had beds off
the southern end; of Park street. He was
associated with, his brothers in various
enterprises. He and his brother,, Samuel,
built large swimming, tanks at the foot of
Park street, .with- the bath houses cost
ing nearly $50,0Q0.- For \a o tlm'e "they were
well .patronized, but. suddenly their pop
ularity ended, ..and now there is jj hardly
a trace. of; the elaborate baths to be seen..
•Following other business reverses came
the- formation of the^Moraghan Oyster
Company,^ which jjrap^Jjc^j^ f ruined -W^ft"!
ant's business. - ,- jiV.-/ *': \u25a0 , -\u0084; -j n. '
fj -The deceased leavef >;t^o \u25a0 daiightersT—
Mrs> . Wi&bst^r-> and i Mjs-;E...G.. .Murphy, of
iFif ty-f ourth street,: Oakland.;. Mrs. H. B.
Dlssosway of this -city, Mrs. ( Sarah Cor-,
.ot Oakland * and;" Mrs. Reed Berie-'
diet of Sta'ten Island !j afe" jsisters/ *~Th e >
funeral will, be, held. Tuesday. """ ]'
TRYING TO AVERT :
TROUBLE WITH UNION
Builders of 'Santa Rosa to
Hold Conference Witli
Carpenters.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 29.— The first steps
were taken last night to arrange a settle
ment pf the trouble between the local car
pent.ers' union and the builders. Two
weeks ago the carpenters declared the
lumber yards "unfair to organized labor,"
and the men not*, to handle any
lumber purchased from , them. The Build
ers' Exchange, which comprises all the
contractors of the city, voted to Ignore
the action of the union. There has been
no open rupture as yet, although one has
been expected daily.
Last night the Santa Rosa Labor Coun
cil sent, a, committee to "the
which was received.: The credentials did
not give the v members .power, to. act, •so
nothing came 'of "the visit. The exchange
appointed a committee, with power to act,
to meet a like commfctee from the Labor
Council? in an effort to secure a definite,
settlement without a struggle.""
CHIEF'S DESCENDANTS g
SUE FOR BIGT TEACT
Indians of . Sound Country
Claim Acres Worth Many ; ,
Thousands. lf
' Special Dispatch to Thn'CalL . .
1 SEATTLE, •"'•' Oct. 29.— Descendants of
Chief Seattle and William Deshaw have
begun legal = proceedings to recover; a
tract of land^at Agate _ Point, In Kitsap
County, which was;lost many years ago
on a mortgage. The property. is valued
at a great many thousands of dollars. It
was mortgaged by William, Deshaw years
ago and never. .redeemed. .The, ground on
which the action is brought, by the; heirs
is that tha wife of Deshaw never ac
quiesced in the mortgage of the property.
This is admitted, but- the- defendants In
the suit- contend: that .Deshaw had no le
gal wife,: though he. lived with a woman
• and had children born "of .her. The case
concerns tho best blooded Indians of tho
Sound country. . • " : •
- -' \u25a0 -
BURLINGTON NOT TO REACH Wr'-
THE " COAST FOR i FEW YEARS
Pointed Out -It, Would He Able
to Connect With Western' i'uelflc ,
at Salt l^nkr. \u25a0 .'-...'
.NEW - YORK, ' Oct. t: 29.~1t can bo
stated conclusively that while the Bur
lington, will "eventually build; to Salt
Lake City and perhaps jj f rom , there to
the coast, such- result cannot' bo-ex
pected for. at- least, three to" five: years.
The. current; work; only,, embraces ; the
securing of the' right , of ;w*y/ oast iof
Guernsey, Wyo., for about 200 i Smiles of
track that'; will be . built ; , ln' a straight
line to Guernsey, f .This : strip . of , track-*'
age .is undoubtedly- being? undertaken
with" a .view to- a stralght-.lineto-Salt
Lake Xlty.vV : ;•.'...^-T ; .-. '. ".> ". vi.Cy.'V^-'i
'.•'.' lf Kthe". Burlington- breaks Into; the
; Salt -Lake district It is 'ppln ted out that j
the : new • Gould'>.road,> theVWestern t Pa-
clflc' would be a fine ; vehicle' tbi'the
coa st.*^^B^^^^^£^^^^^^^E^^S|j
- CniCKETERS ROBBED.— Alameda,', Oct. 29. !
The police' wire, Informeu vio-day; that ; some
body had w been' - systematically;: robbing- ;~ the
icrlcketers who come to play matches on Croll'a
grounds / In tha : West ' Enfl ",; J. ~ >. \u25a0 Passett >of
"237 ; San "Jose ?.\u25a0 avenue \u0084 tills 1*:1 *: morning \reported
the matter land aefted that* hereafter, a^ poll"*-'
man b« specialty detailed towatchthe clothlne
of the players. ;i: - \u25a0", .• .-/•\u25a0 w
FOOLS NEARLY
CAUSE TRAGEDY
Climb; Upon ßoof of Launch
Cabin; Eock Boat and It
Capsizes in the Slough
1 i ENDANGEEED
Duck; Hunters Are Saved
From Death in Waters of
Bay 'by- Arrival of Yawl
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct 29.— The gasoline launch
Garden "> City; \ George "Wade in ' charge,
capsized on , the bay near Alvlso this . aft
ernoon and fourteen Jj persons \ .who :: were
passengers had a narrow \u25a0 escape ' from
drowning. ; Only the presence near by of
Captain W. K. Bennett In a sloop-rigged
yawl-' prevented a tragedy. •* ;
The party was made up of TJiomas Ste
vens,. George Nichols, .George and "Ed
ward Prince, • the latter a small boy; SJo
seph and Henry -Mashada'of; San Fran
clsc6,*7 Thomas : Solari of • this^'clty, John
McLeod'r oi ;.-' .Oakland ' and five men from
Milpitas' whose ' names were not'learned.
Wade's launch was hired* by the men to
carry : .thenr to the ducking grounds." On the
return trip three of the Milpitas men, who
\vere' ! under 1 " thet influence* "of ' 'liquor,
climbed on > the cabin roof. of the boat. and
began" rocking the craft: Theyiwere.,or
dered f to. stop 'but trefused, and'' within a
momeht^the boat was overturned"and the
whole 'crowd , thrown into 'the j* water.' A
number pt, them could riot swim and were
In great "danger.': ; : ' ':,<-• ;.':;-••
Thomas. Solari got George Prince on his
back * and' ;held; the 'little /boy j with one
hand and tried* to e swim- ashore. He* was
taken , from the ..water by • Captain Ben
nett, who was nearby and' who Went to
the rescue of the 1 others, most of whom
were clinging to the overturned launch.
Solari also ' rescued McLeod, diving for
him as hie /was 'sinking for the last time.
LARGE CROWDS
ATTEND JUBILEE
Capacity of Santa Rosa Pres
byterian Church Is Taxed
During Special Services
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 29.— The seating
capacity of the First Presbyterian Church
was taxed at both morning and evening
"services to-day, when Rev. John S. Mc
jln,sosh, | president . of the San Anselmo
<JTbeological Seminary, delivered memorial
sermons in commemoration 1 of the golden'
Jubilfee of Presbyterianism" in this city.:
The junlo'r and senior Christian Endeavor,
societies also held interacting services.
The celebration closes to-morrow even
ing with a public praise and thanksgiving
jservice. v \Rev. Frank ".Brush, ".D. l'D.;, of
Alameda, moderator of the .synod of Cali
fornia, will , be in atetndance, as-well as
Revs. Richard Wylle,' D. D., of Napa;
James Mitchell of St. Helena; David
James of San Rafael,' George Stewart of
Uklah, W. H. Darden of Petaluma and
,"VV. M. Sutherland of Fulton." '
FARMER'S CASH GOES
\u25a0 WITH BRIDE-TO-BE
Aged Rancher Is Duped by
Neighbor and Clever
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 29.-C. B. Elliott, aged
75 years, lives on a farm near Olympla.
For years he kept in the house $240 he had
saved for funeral expenses and .some
jewelry left by his deceased wife. About
six vweeks ago a neighbor advertised for
a". wife In.a matrimonial paper. One came
on thirty" days' trial. She gave her name
as' 1 Mrs. Harris. = After a short stay it
was announced that the wedding would
not be held, and the woman went to" *E\
llott and , acted as housekeeper. A few
days elapsed, according to the story told'
by Elliott, when he and Mrs. Harris" de
cided that marriage would be agreeable to
both, and the wedding was set for to
morrow.
A few evenings ago Mrs. Harris want
ed, to attend a dance /in the neighborhood.-
Elliott did not feel like going and con
sented to her going without him. In the
meantime ho \ had disclosed to her the
hiding place of the funeral money and
jewelry. Morning came . and his fiancee
did not retufn. : V Several 1 days passed and
still the woman remained away. Then
Elliott discovered- tho'nelghbor , who first
advertised for a wife was gone. He also
discovered that his money and jewelry
were missing. Elliott hastened" to Olym
pia. laid the case before Justice. Frost
and expressed a desire to arrest both his,
neighbor and Mrs.- Harris.
ONE KILLED, TWO HURT
IN ORPHANAGE FIRE
Brave Youth Tries to Rescue
Comrades lhit
Fails.
RALEIGH, N. C, Oct. 29,-One person
was killed and two were seriously Injured
In a tire that destroyed a priest's i house
j at Nazareth Orphahagp, a Catholic boys'
I institution.' three mllo3 from Raleigh.
i - The tiro broke out between 2 and 3
I o'clock this riiornlnp: and! spread rapidly."
i .Twelve, persons' escaped by, jumping from
j tho second and third -story - windows.
JElvenßurtnlo, sgedvlS.i and John Glavish.
aged 15,. were hemmed: ln by the flames
i ori 'top of the building forty-five feet
above, the. ground. v Timothy^ Wallace of
New York, who has been studying: for tho
prlftstHood," climbed ; the buttress ;of the
bulfdlUK jto rescue - them. : but was icut off
from the stairways; and the three Jumped.
All :W«»re' mangled. - ; Ulavish died :to-nlght.
_\ Dr.' Lamb of New York and-Rev.'.Fath
:ersi Price and; O'Brien 1 : jumped \u25a0_ from ". the
\u25a0 windows'? thirtyifeet '- to ;• the; "ground,"., but
werenot'serlously injured. The property
loss- %vill. reach 525,000. ,r : i-; -• \u25a0
\u25a0 '-- : .' "\u25a0\u25a0'.'.'"\u25a0".". * \u2666/' . -'•
STEALS " NEWSBOY'S ; PAPERS.— John • Ri-'
vera,": a',newßboy,~llving'at;iSl7. Powell' street
W9» . standing' -with-; his cart -filled ; with the
morning: ;t newspapers .- at ;. Clay -;-. and Kearny
streets -about .. s \u25a0 o'clock yesterday mornlns
wh«»n-;A youth • about i2O yews' of 'age" «p
pboached him and asked him to take a me.xsairp
to ? the \ New .» Western i Hotel. . Rivera went to
the hotel, J and * when ; he : returned ; his '\u25a0 cart and
papers : had disappeared. ; The \u25a0 cart - wai» found
on street. /between : Montgomery
and ' Kearny. ; Rivera-. valued the ; stolen : papers
at $4. The.- police; were notified.'- -T .
tetm^.amifrTnTiiTiiiia,iiii.Niniii nifliiiii i An wi, - J- 1 - ' '.\u25a0-. \u25a0-1 4 i?&S3m3Sm3L<
CHURCH WOMEN
TO GIVE SHOW
Palo Alto Conregational
Association Completes Its
Plans f oi% an Art Exhibit
PEOGEAMME-EXCELLENT
Artists of Note and Educa
tors of Prominence to De
liver Interesting Lectures
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 29.— What promises
to be -one of the most * successful church
benefits ever held in Palo Alto will be
opened by the Congregational "Women's
Association' on Tuesday evening, October
31. It is to be an art loan exhibit. Prom
inent California art admirers will lecture
each s afternoon j and evening. Following
Is the programme that has been arranged:
Tuesday, October 31— "'California Art,"
Charles A. Keeler,. Berkeley. November 1—
"The Child, In Art." Mrs. Alma G. "White, for
mer instructor In arawing of San Jose Normal
School; "The Ethical ana spiritual Valu« of
Wagner's 'Parsifal.' '" Benjamin C. Blodgett,
organist at Memorial Church. . November 2—
"The Relations of Art and Science." E. U. Mc-
Leod, Bakersneld; "Roman Art" (Illustrated).
Profes«or Fairclough of Staftford University.
November 3-^-"Art of Everyday," A. B. Clark,
associate, professor of era-wing at Stanford
University. November 4 — "Concerning Japanese
Pictures." President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford "University; "The Missions- or Cali
fornia" (illustrated). F. E. Perham ot . the
Lowell High School, San Francisco. November
B — ''The Madonna Idea in .Italian Art" (Illus
trated), Professor A. B. Show of the- Stanford
European history department. ' November >6—6 —
"Art Among the Natives of North America"
(Illustrated), Professor P.- E. Goddard .of the
anthropology, department. University of Cali
fornia; "The Baskets or Mupa," Professor
Goddard. November T — "Claude Monet and
Impressionism," Professor G. : L. Noyes of Stan
ford University; "Present Day Value, of Grae
clan Sculpture," Professor H. W. Rolfe of
Stanford University.
The programme will extend over eight
days, and will begin In the afternoons at
4 o'clock . and in. the. evenings at 8. The
illustrations to many, of the lectures will
be stereoptlcon views. . •
NEWSBOYS HOLD BALLY
EOCKEFELLER'S CHUKGH
Yell and Whittle Approval
of a Message From the
Specla.l Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Oct. 29. — Headed
by the Salvation and Josephine Mission
bands 'and 'a sauad of sixteen police
men, 2000 newsboys marched from the
Public square this .evening to the Eu
clid-avenue Baptist Church, the relig
ious home of John D. Rockefeller,
where they held a rally. Shortly after
the exercises were begun the follow
ing telegram, dated New York and
signed by the oil king, was read by
.the^-pastor; JDr. gharles A, , Eaton: . .
I wish I- could b« with you at th« mwsbojs*
meeting., I send .most hearty regard?, and love
to .every boy. .. . '/. '\u0084./''" .. - ...
Later the following , wire was sent to
Mr. Rockefeller;,., _.,." t l ' ';_
. Same here; >prry, you cpuld came. B«
here jiejt jtlriie. nv .'. NEWSBOYS, ClevelaniS.
, -Addresses were- made! by D.i\ .Eaton.
Judge Bushnell of the .Juvenile .Court
and others.
• Dr. Eaton told of having left a farm
in ISS4 for a high school. He had a
little trunk with him, and in speak
ing of the Incident this evening 1 , he
said: ~ ' "'. / \., .
And I would not take. all of John J>. Rocke
feller's money twice over for that little trunk
now, either. . s\ -'
. N&wsboya went wild over the Rocke
feller; telegram. . They stamped their
feet, clapped their . hands, yelled and
whistled, reminding the spectators of a
scene at a political meeting.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Ha1l Came deliv
ered an address to the young men's Bible
class of the Fifth-avenue Baptist Church
to-day, at ' the invitation of- John D.
Rockefeller. Mr. Came said that his ad
dress would in all probability be his "last
word" in America to his American
.friends.
_- Mr. Came spoke on "the perils of na
tionals progress and referring to recent
disclosures of the way wealth Is acquired,
asked if it' were' not- as true of the nation
as of the Individual that it is easier for
a camel g° through the eye of a needle
than for a rich man to enter into the
kingdom of heaven. National progress
and prosperity are often bought at the
cost of every Christian principle, as was
shown by. the policy of the great nations
In relation to the drink traffic and the set
tling of international disputes by war.
• Mr. Came paid a high tribute to Presl-'
dent Roosevelt as one of the few states
men since Mr. Gladstone who approached
public affairs from the ethical standpoint
and said that the King of England I was
recognized throughout the United States
as one of the wisest and most potent fac
tors In the sphere of public affairs. On
the other hand the German Emperor, Mr.
Came, said, while a Christian as a man.
was a pagan. as a sovereign and. a peril
to the peace of the world In his faith In
the power of hia sword.
VALUES HAIR AT ; TWO
DOLLARS A STRAND
Worth of a Woman's Tresses
Named in Suit in
Kansas.
IOIjA", Kans., Oct. 29.— Two dollars a
hair istho value placed upon a lock of his
wife's" tresses by the husband of : Mary
Goddard. A suit ' for the little keepsake,
as well as ' reimbursement at the above
named figure, has been \u25a0 brought in a Jus
tice Court,' and the case will be called for
trial to-morrow. " :
i Mrs. Goddard avers that Ijevi'Harring
ton secured the : lock of hair by \u25a0 stealth
and ; fsr weeks made life "a burden to her
by threatening |to 'tell" Sir.. Goddard | that
I she gave It to him as a- token of affection.
; Mrs:.Goddard recently, took matters Into
I'her.own hands by attempting to forcibly
regain : possession , of her .property. For
i this she was * arrested and' fined In the
'Police Court. . v •..- / ; -
LOW ASSISTS lOWA MAX
TO PUT E\D TO HIS . LIFE
He lines One l End of Her ..- Halter
\u25a0 *-.'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 Hope , -cs ' ».' JVoo»e Mo
SSi^^tevJ Hans Himself.
DESMOINES." lowa. t Oct. 29 With
the assistance of a cow Arthur Boyd of
Mlngro,V:lowa; committed suicide yes
terday. '\u25a0\u25a0"•! \u25a0""' V' 1 - ' *
. ";Boyd untiad one end of the animal's
halter ifrom -the: manger* leaving 'the
other. around *her neck. ,- He threw the
Jooso end 6 f thes rope over., a beam.* and.'
standirigonlthe.'manser, tied It around
his neck and jumped. ..The bellowing' of
the \c'ow.! brought»Boyd's '.wife, to * the
scene, but Bojd wag • dead when 'cut
down. 1 : -v:Jv '\u25a0\u25a0-;•\u25a0.
CUTS HIS WAY
OUT OF CELL
Deserter Confined at . Fort
Baker Manages to Gain
His Freedom and Escape
VAIX.SEAKCH FOE HIM
Enjoying Liberty Despite
Efforts of Soldiers to Ee
turn Him to His Prison
Eseclal Dispatch to Tae Call.
FORT BAKER, 29.— PrivaU
Buckler, a recaptured deserter of tha
Thirty-second Infantry, who has been
a prisoner here for the last two months,
effected his escape at a late hour Fri
day evening by cutting the bars of his '-
cell. An alarm was turned in and \
; several corporals' guards ware detailed
to make a search for' him. They
searched the water front and the hills
without striking his traik The authori
ties are at a lpas to account for tae
manner; In .which Buckler passed., the
sentries. All avenues of departure" axe
being closely watched. Buckler, escaped
several I months ago and was recently
brought back from Los Angeles." H»
has escaped so often that he, has been
dubbed the "Escape Kid" by his com
rades. . \u25a0• :
There was nothing left In Buckler.'*
cell to show how he cut the bars. Som«
of- the men claim with a certain
acid and a strong thread any bar can
be cut.. * ;,»*\u25a0* • - - ; : ?,
GETS MAYPIELiyS SUPPORT.
PALO ALTO,' Oct. 29. — Secretary Kas
son of the Board of Trade received a
letter from the Mayfleld organization
indorsing any action the local members
may take to prevent | the threatened
water famine. All committees will re
port on their recent Investigation at »
special meeting of the Board of Trada
to be held to-morrow evening.
WBDS BEDDING MAX.
PALO ALTO. Oct. 29. — Wallace Buck
of Redding and Miss Gladys Failey of
Palo Alto were married here yesterday
In the Methodist Church. Rev. Dr.
Milnes performed the ceremony. After
a wedding breakfast the couple depart
ed for Redding, where they will live..
Miss Bailey is the daughter of a piano
merchant.
BEGIXS TRACK LAYING.
* PALO ALTO. Oct. 29.— The^ Southern
Pacific Company yesterday began lay-
Ing tracks and extra switches to en
able It to handle the crowd on Novem
ber 11, the day of the intercollegi.ua
football game. Three sidings have been
planned. - -. 4
Aced Minister Dead.
BALDWIN, Kan.. Oct.. 23.— Rev. H.
D. Fisher, a well-known Methodist min
ister, died in this city to-day of tuber
culosis.- He was 82 ' yearb'- oF'age. For
many years he has been a member ot
the Kansas conference. ' From ISSO to
ISS4 he -was 'superintendent of the Bible
society for Utah. Montana and'ldahO.
During this'^stay In the Far West JoKn
Taylor, the Mormon leader, extended
to him an invitation to speak in the
Mormon buildings in the States In
which he worked. ' *' "'\u25a0'
Give Benefit Ball.
A grand prize masquerade ball 'was
given by Pacific Lodge Xo. 325 of the
Order ofß'rlth Abraham at Lyric Hall
last night The ball was given for the
benefit of the widows' and orphans'
sick fund, a fund from which .much
bounty has passed to the unfortunate
ot ' San Francisco. -Many valuable
prizes were given away to the ; clever
participants. A large crowd was pres
ent during the evening and the fund
was heavily increased. <3.
MAN FJma RENO 13 SWINDLED Joha
Tagman or Keno, Nev., met a TT*n on the
ferry-boat Oakland. on Saturday afternoon, who
asked him If he wanted to get & Job. Taxman,
replied that he was looking for one. Tazmaa
was taken to a saloon. at 23 East street, and
his new acquaintance told him ha would bay«
to pay 12 to get the Job. Tagman handed him
a ten-dollar gold piece, as h» had no smaller
change, and the man left tbe s&loon wlta It.
but did not return. Tagman gave & descrip
tion of htm to the pollc*.
BEBMON ON PHILANTHROPIC "VTORK^-.
Alameda, Oct. 20. — Rev. Henry A." Flak at tU4
afternoon services of ' the Flret Unitarian
Church \u25a0 told " of th« work of Peopla'a Placa, a
social settlement In the North Beach district
of San Francisco. Th« organization vat In*
corpora ted a faw months ' ago and Is now do*
Ing tbe best work of Its history, various club*
and th« Non-Sectartan Church bavins Urge
m«mbersblp. • .
You Musi
Sleep.
If you cannot, it is .due to an,
irritated or congested state of
the 'brain, which will soon de- ,
velope into nervous prostration.
.' Nature demands sleep, and
it is as important as food ; .it
is 'a part of her building and
sustaining process. rThis period
of unconsciousness relaxes" the
mental and physical strain, and
allows nature to ' restore ex-
hausted vitality. - . -
Dr. Miles' Nervine ,brings
refreshing sleep, because it
soothes the irritation and re-
moves the congestion.
It is also a nerve builder; it
nourishes and strengthens ev-
ery nerve in your body, and
creates energy in all the organs.
Nothing will give strength
and vitality •as surely.' arid
quickly as Dr. Miles' Nervine.
"During the past winter. I had two
attacks of LaGrippe which left me
very weak, and in bad condition.- I
was so nervous I coukt not sleep. My
wife, after trying different" remedies,
went for a . doctor. " . The doctor was
out. and a neighbor recommended * Dr.
Miles* Nervine, and she brought homo
a bottle. ' I had not slept for some time,
and ; had terrible pains in . ray head.
After taking a few doses' of Nervine
the pain was not so savere,* and I
slept. I . am, - now : taking the sircond
bottle, and am very much Improved."
HENRY M. SMITH. Under hill, Vt
DrJ- Miles' Nervlna Is sold by your _—
druggist,- who will guarantee that tho s^v
first bottle wl!|. benefit. .If It falla. ht
will refund your money.
Miles Medical Col, Elkhart, IndMIGHTY UPRISING FOR JOHN S. PARTRIDGE IS INDICATED
* The Fndoß Campaign Committee and the speakers 'fo* the cause of com
• tto » boaesty 1b local government enter upon the closing vreek of the con
teat with confidence that victory will be achieved at the polls on November
7. The f cellar of confidence Is not based on surmise.. Reports of actual
. conditions la each of the eighteen Assembly districts are considered and
allowances made for errors 'of Judgment ' on " the part ' of " the overenthu
* elastic. Great demonstrations of popular Interest In Mr. Partridge's
candidacy signify, to the committee that wage earners have resolved
to throw off the shackles of Ruef. The chief purpose of the campaign
managers is to bring to the voting booths on election day every regis
tered citizen who Is against graft.
EVEN MONEY IS WAGED
THAT FUSION WILL WIN
Campaign Committee Is Assured That
• Stay-at-Homes Will Vote Early.
The popular uprising which will oust
the graftere f ronj place and power. Is al
most here. Tuesday of next week Ruef
**U» by hie political finish. All signs In
dicate that the people of Ban Francisco
have resolved to submit no longer to the
reign anS rule of graft and boodle. Since
the beginning of the campaign the graft
ers have encountered a series of reverses.
XJuef sought to capture the Republican
nominating convention and failed. H«j
employed every resource at hie command
to prevent a coalition of Republicans and
Democrats. He endeavored to cenfuse the
plain issue before the people by placing
in the. field independent tickets bearing
Republican and I>emocratlc designations,
but his lawless scheme was foiled by the
Supreme Court.
Ruef 'stands now in the shadow of over
whelming defeat at the polls on Novem
ber 7.
A month ago the grafters were shout
ing that the betting was "two to one in
favor cf Ruef's candidate. Desperate ef
forts wt-rc made later on to hold the ap
parent advantage in the betting Held, but
in spite of everything that the grafting
politicians could do the odds changed to
10 to 7, then to 10 to S and again to 10 to S.
Be fore Wednesday evening next the gen
eral betting on Partridge will be even.
Th« Ruefters are already hedging. It
would be no surprise if the betting graft
ers were driven to cover before this day
Is over. Last Saturday night many wag
ers were laid on an even money basis.
Such an uprising of good citizenship as
Ban Francisco has not witnessed for a
half century seems about to take place. It
Is just fifty "years ago that the good peo
ple of the city arose in their majesty and
•trength and drove the gamblers, grafters
and boodlers from power.
The talk one hears on the streets and
In public places is that many a so-called
"stay at home," who ordinarily takes lit
tle or no interest in voting, will go to
the polls early Tuesday of next week and
vote for John S. Partridge.
The large registration of voters and the
keen, obEorbing interest In the great
Struggle to redeem San Francisco signify
that tremendous voting strength will be
shown. To the fusion campaign commit
tee the promise of a heavy vote is an, in
dex of victory for Partridge.
To-night Mr. Partridge will speak to the
people of the Twenty-eighth Assembly
District. He will deliver his message to
the men of that important district. Ruef
prates of his . ownership of the Twenty
eighth, but , his boasting is not seriously
taken.
It is reported at fusion headquarters
that Henry Rice of the Fire Department
end one of the relics of an old .regime is
snaking a barroom canvass for Ruef's
candidate. Rice if listed on the roll as
8. hydrant man at $90 per month. As he is
a favorite of Rurf he is paid as the cap
tain of a disabled engine in the corpora -
MURDER STORY
MAY BE UNTRUE
Boy's Tale That His Sister
Killed Their Vat her Does
Not Bear Investigation
Special D!«r**-<a «> Tl:« C*U.
. GRANTS PASS. Or.. Oct. 29. — The in-
E vesilgation being made into the X. M.
Jennings murder mystery of Granite
Hill mining camp is damaging to the
confession made by Jasper Jennings,
eon of the murdered man. The boy
has said, that his sister committed ttt«
crime, but it lias been found that the
blood-stained tracks over the floor ot
the room In which the old man was
kiiied and whieli led over the doorst-.-p
and across the yard were tracks of a
man. They could not have been made
Pr Dora. Jennings.
To account for the tracks the hoy
. says his sister wore his shoes over
* her t>wn that the blame for the crim-i
if.ighl be laid at his door. The girl
denies all knowledge of the affair and
appears utterly in the dark regarding
it. As the boy cannot tell a straight
etory about the tracks the discovery of
them is considered damaging testimony
against Him. He says his sister stole
Into the cabin where he and a com
panion slept, late at night, and stole
both his rifle and his shoes. But the
door of the boy's cabin opens with dif
ficulty and its rusty hinges scrsecn
loudly. It seems impossible that the
door could have been opened without
one or both of the boys hearing it.
Interest in the mysterious case is
growing and there is a change in the
feeling of the general public toward
the girl. She will say absolutely noth
ing concerning the crime, while the
boy talks freely, though his confes
sion tends entirely toward shifting tire
blame upon his sister.
SCHOOLS OF NEVADA
CLOSED BY CUPID
Supply of Single Female
Teachers Not Enough
for Demands.
EpecUl Dispatch to The Call
RENO. Oct. 29.— Several schools , in. Ne-»
%-ada have been compelled to close be- j
cause the trustees have found it lmpos- j
sible to secure teacher*. Yesterday an- j
other school in Humboldt County was j
compelled to announce that for a time at j
least the school will be closed, no teacher
being available. The Normal School of
the State university for the last
few years has not been turning out
teachers fast enough to supply the de
mand. Wages have been advanced and
from outside States pedagogues have
been imiwrted. Even this has not been
successful for the rule has been that
within a few months the teachers get
F" married and resign their positions.
YEW YORK Oct. 29. — District Attorney Je
rome «ta.ted to-n!rht If re-elected h« would
a.orJv to the Board of Estimates of New York
Otv' for money to retain Charles E. Hughes
•c "special compel to prosecute the insurance
taea If they were found crlminaliy sTuIUy. -
* '.-^SB^HsfIBBsSMsinBHSBBMSn
tlon yard. The engine never goes to a
flre. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
CROWD FILLS CENTRAL PARK.
Mayor Sebmlts and Other Candidate*
-. Address Open-Air Meeting.
For the second time since the begin
ning of the present municipal cam
paign Central Park ; was filled by 3000
men and women, who gathered yester
day afternoon to hear the candidates
of the Union Labor party speak on the
Issues. of the day. The principal nom
inees were introduced first, then fol
lowed the Supervisors. Each made the
promise to do his duty faithfully If
elected, while Harry I. Mulcreavy. as
pirant for the office of County Clerk,
promised to. select his assistants from
what he termed the "plain people."
Most of the speakers were greeted with
enthusiasm. \u25a0
Mayor Sehmitz was held until the
last. He denounced the Citizens' . Al
liance as the power behind the fusion
party, he pointed to the present pros
perity of the city and concluded with
a strong appeal to the voters to cast
their ballot for the Union Labor party
straight. George 'B. Benham also
spoke. James H. Roxbury was chair
man of the- meeting. . •
The members of the First .Roumanian
Congregation dedicated the scroll of
law yesterday at. Scottish Hall. It was
a day of festivity and a large crowd
of members and. friends was present to
aid in the celebration! Entertainment
and refreshments were "supplied during
botli afternoon and evening. Mayor
Sehmitz, Abraham Ruef and the candi
dates on the Union Labor party were
present during the afternoon and made
short speeches. Addresses. were made
by Rev. P. H. Colin, Rev. M. S. Levy.
Rev. Dr. B. M. Kaplan. S. Weisskopf
and A. Blumenthal. Excellent work
by members of the committees made
the festivities a great success.
LEADER TO SPEAK
AT MANY PLACES
Open nlr— Union- Iron Work*, 12515
p. ru. Take Kentucky-street car.
'!'« ml y-elfch t h District— Montßnmrrr
Hotel, s p. m., ° Second street, beiireen
HoTiard and Fulsoni. Take Second,
Honard or Kolsnm ulrofl earn, "
Twentr-nlnlli District — Manr.anUa
Hall, 8 p. m.. I'ourth :md Prrr.v mtrrrts.
Take Kourih-«trr»-t «ir,' ; ';•';;:
Thirl T-nlnth District — Hichmond
Hall. 8 p. m.. Fourth n venue and Clem
ent Htreet. . Take- Sutler, Jackson'; or
California Mreot car and trnnsfer to
Suffer or California street lines.
FIRE DESTROYS
TWO BUILDINGS
Loss* of .$4OOO Is Caused by
Flames in the Town of St.
Helena in Xapa County
XAPA, Oct. 29:— Two large, buildings
were destroyed by fire- at St. Helena
to-day, causing considerable loss. This
morning the iarge building on McCon
nell avenue owned by Mrs. M. G. Richie
and used as a storehouse for hay and
implements was - discovered on fire.
Owing to lack of water at the place "he
building was soon burned to the
ground. The building was used for
some years as a hop-drying house.
This evening fire was discovered in the
Lentholl building on Pope street,
owned by Louis. Paulson. In spite of
the vigorous efforts of the fire depart
ment the building, was destroyed in a
short time. - • .»
Xo definite cause has been found for
either of the fires and it is believed
that both were incendiary. The loss
on the- two buildings- i5, 54000.
SAX FKAXCISCO WIXS
MOKE NO3IE TIUDE
Bank of Alaska Town Prefers
to.SliipCloldtoTliis
fiecial Dispatch to' The Call.
TACOMA. Oct. 29.— Ira-D. Orton, one
of the' most prominent • attorneys at
Nome, reached the Sound yesterday on
the Senator for his first visit to the
States in five years. He will, go 'io his
old bome-in-San Franqisco, where he
will spend the -winter looking after
raining: suits in which he is interested.
Orton is a director . of . the- Miners* and
Merchants' Bank of Nome. In discuss
ing gold and matters pertaining there
to, be said: ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . .-• - .- .
We shipped a great deal of . our gold this
summer to San Francisco and saved a goodly
sum of money by doing so.- In the first place
the express company has been charging alto
gether too fcirh rates on boats running \u25a0to
Seattle, and in the second, place the smelting
companies ot San Francisco do not charge as
much tor aesay work .as . the Seattle assay
office. Of course, so far as the bank is con
cerned, It ' makes no - difference . to us where
we rtilp tbe gold, as alt extra costs are merely
charged |to the owners of the dust, but It was
with an eye to the beet Interests pf our cus
tomers that induced us to send the gold to San
Pr&ncisco. \u25a0 • - ;\u25a0\u25a0--.-• -, -. .
Commandrr Urn- Booth -111.
BALTIMORE, Oct. Commander
Eva Booth of the Salvation' Army, was
to have spoken, here to-nfght, but it
was announced that she -was .'seriously
HI In New York wfthi appendicitis.' \
NEW". YORK, Oct." 29.— At the -Salva
tion;; Army 'headquarters ": to-night. '." It
was said. that Commander -Booth "was
not ill with' appendiclts," " but that she
,was merely greatly* fatigued ? and In
need of rest. ' .>>\u25a0.?' .
NEBRASKA CITT," Nebr.,,Oct. 29.— Grover
ClevelanO and - his • party. left f or,, the East \u25a0 to
nl&ht on « BpeclalUrain.. During 'the day Mr.
Cleveland . planted "a \u25a0 maple ' tree :in Morton
Park. . .-:- , '•:-:\u25a0,.,• ----- • -\u25a0\u25a0.--...- .
% * - \u25a0
:THE?SANJffi
PLEAD FROM PULPITS IN ADVOCACY OF HIGH LICENSE
FIGURES GIVEN TO SHOW
THE NEED OF A CURB.
METHODIST • PASTOR. WHOSE
SERMON LAST. EVENING WAS
STRONG AGAINST THE SALOONS.
"Higher License" was the subject • dis
cussed by the Rev. Dr. A.- U. : Bane at
the Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church last night before a large cangre
gation. He spoke as 'follows:
I am opposed to the presence of the saloon
and to government sanction by license. If it
was a question of license or no: license. . I
would opjiose all' license, but. I am -not,per
mitted to vote on that question. lf-..l can't
prevent the presence of. the saloon ;l t>ught, as
a Christian, and a good citizen, h» < regulate
it, io that it will do the least harm.- -If
can't dote all at • once \u25a0 1". am- willing to" heTp
close wiiif of th«-m. .~,
A higher Hceusw would mean fewer saloons;
fewer saloons' would mean fewer pitlalls and
less temptation. ' • ' ....
\u25a0 The United States Supreme Court.hiis;decid
ed that the saloon ha« no . natural right •' to
exist. It Is a moral evil, a financial: burden,
a political nuisance- and an enemy! of. good
government. - Saloons make, \u25a0 necessary more
police officers, : police- courts, jails and asy
lums.' They: make !K) per cent of the. city's
police, court and charity work and expense.
Saloon's ought to be taxed enough -to pay.
the expense they cost the taxpayers. :> In"; San
Francisco one-fourth of all our taxes -is raised
to pay the expense of the Police Department.
The expense of the San Francisco Police De
partment Is $1,000,000 - per • year. : The csaloonß
cause two-thirds of that, expense — the>>pay in
licenses $266,000. So the saloons cost the Po
lice-Department of thjs city $400,000 more than
they' pay. lnto the treasury In licenses. ; The *a
loon and not : the taxpayer should pay . that
amount, annually.' \u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 ..--.. ;.'. ..
Here are some comparisons: -
•. * ! iif I • !-' •i-v : >i; ; I- -*/ IMI
\u25a0£.\u25a0; :! Is ;I. • iH ;.f- : \u25a0>.§;. T • ; 5.-s^.§!:
EASTERN- "? g;;^ ;E .: \u25a0 j: P| I' -f #l Sjji|
cities. ; \u25a0.•B-. •. \u25a0; '"">:\u25a0,'/\u25a0 i-:*. s • \u25a0 • ',' • '.•-' r's
:'*'-* '.•'•' L' ;':'. \u25a0: : ; '"''"''\u25a0 ''\'\u0094- '? ' •':•' -' : i ? .^§
Xew York 3.750.0C0110.537 19 !H2O0 1 t8.200,000 1 .175.000i109.0<H)i7554!*12.000.0001 66 I 323
Chlcagn ........ 2.0OO.C00! -T. 017 SS I . '-5»K)i .1,200 000! T7.000) i6.000,2575l 4.0C0.C00 86 \ 2C3
I'hiladtlphJa ... 1,600, 0Cf11' 1.814 il2 'llOOj "2,000,1100 '75,000 -50.CC0 2MOI ' -3,000,000 651 770
St. Louis •CSO.COU '2,5.51 \u25a0 37' ••\u25a0JiOOi 1,075,000 26.000 14,000 1292 - 1,500,000 6« .270
Boston 000.000 7JW 14 200011,500,000 43.000 31.C00 1225 1,750. C00 75 SSS
San Francisco.. 400.0C0 0.200 02 » 841 28.5.00U 30,851 20,9031800 1,000.000(29 -'103
<X»AST CITIES. : - • . . I - . v ' : . • -
Los Angeles.... ...;.......,... lf» ;*900,...,.., ....\'.;..: f . . .. A .•.*.......'..:... 80
Seattle \34' :1000i.. ..'..:....:.'... .... .: . :..; lOT
Portland ........ ...^..... ..:.v: 34 : .i 500'.. :....... ::.........:.. ;.;..."...'....:. 168
Oakland .....'.:'.:. :A .36 !400J.; .;. .:.::......... :.:. ..;.:.....\u25a0. 1C6 4 ' <
Tacoma ..\u25a0.....'. .........{...:.„ .20- ;,cCO;... ... .'..;/.; .:.'.!:. ..:.].r.. :...... 161* '
•. * ! iif I • !-' •i-v : >i; ; I- -*/ IMI
\u25a0£.\u25a0; :! Is ;I. • iH ;.f- : \u25a0>.§;. T • ; 5.-s^.§!:
EASTERN- "? g;;^ ;E .: \u25a0 j: P| I' -f #l Sjji|
cities. ; \u25a0.•B-. •. \u25a0; '"">:\u25a0,'/\u25a0 i-:*. s • \u25a0 • ',' • '.•-' r's
:'*'-* '.•'•' L' ;':'. \u25a0: : ; '"''"''\u25a0 ''\'\u0094- '? ' •':•' -' : i ? .^§
Xew York 3.750.0C0110.537 19 !H2O0 1 t8.200,000 1 .175.000i109.0<H)i7554!*12.000.0001 66 I 323
Chlcagn ........ 2.0OO.C00! -T. 017 SS I . '-5»K)i .1,200 000! T7.000) i6.000,2575l 4.0C0.C00 86 \ 2C3
I'hiladtlphJa ... 1,600, 0Cf11' 1.814 il2 'llOOj "2,000,1100 '75,000 -50.CC0 2MOI ' -3,000,000 651 770
St. Louis •CSO.COU '2,5.51 \u25a0 37' ••\u25a0JiOOi 1,075,000 26.000 14,000 1292 - 1,500,000 6« .270
Boston 000.000 7JW 14 200011,500,000 43.000 31.C00 1225 1,750. C00 75 SSS
San Francisco.. 400.0C0 0.200 02 » 841 28.5.00U 30,851 20,9031800 1,000.000(29 -'103
<X»AST CITIES. : - • . . I - . v ' : . • -
Los Angeles.... ...;.......,... lf» ;*900,...,.., ....\'.;..: f . . .. A .•.*.......'..:... 80
Seattle \34' :1000i.. ..'..:....:.'... .... .: . :..; lOT
Portland ........ ...^..... ..:.v: 34 : .i 500'.. :....... ::.........:.. ;.;..."...'....:. 168
Oakland .....'.:'.:. :A .36 !400J.; .;. .:.::......... :.:. ..;.:.....\u25a0. 1C6 4 ' <
Tacoma ..\u25a0.....'. .........{...:.„ .20- ;,cCO;... ... .'..;/.; .:.'.!:. ..:.].r.. :...... 161* '
We only charge the saloons \u25a0 534- ptT year
to do business ip this city. This Is' the. -lowest
license paid, in any. city- in, the United States.
The average license paid, ln. other clties ; is-S7CO
p?r year. . . -.'.-' -\. '"\u25a0»»?' ' \u25a0
- You 'will-, be asked on -November 7; to vote in
favor of increasing- the "saloon- license to $500
per year. \u25a0 And It la. just ar>d. right. • -• ; - r.
We charge. banks' sl2oo. -the .water company
JICOO. i hotels. Insurance companies | aivl :'mer
chandiB« broktrs J4OO wr year.>/AH ate'.neces- :
sary and- lepitiira'e- lines of , 'business.* 'and : a
blessing; to the. city. .IJutthe "saloons ."are ; per
mitted to -curse the <:Uy : - for , ?84 per, year.:
Shime onus to allow it! .'\u25a0 ' ".. ~';-V'i ', '•\u25a0-
In oth«?r cities the ' saloon licensi pays. from
Crt per cent <to - 186 per. cent- of . the '.police ex
pense; in . San Francisco they .pay; but' 29 per
cent.-.- -..''•: :• ' -j- . -. !• \u25a0 \u25a0'„ <-. r.' • •'\u25a0-, , :'.
A flve-hundred-dollar^ ' license^ * would close
about 1500 of our lowest ; and.' worst ', siloons.
It would take the saloons out of;thc renldenee
districts, where' they should -not \ be allowed.
It would -close most all; of < the..; corner grocery
saloons, the. very, wor»t"kind '; In? their- 'evil, in
fluence. | We have • 1U0O ! of, the. latter, \u25a0 and ' we
are the'only city In \u25a0'the,- United States -that
allows the Brocery-Raloon? 1 . .'. ' .-~'-'...,. -~ '-'..., : '•\u25a0 ....-,
'. Saloons sre schools- of. crime:, we .-would 'close
at leapt 1500: of these ' echools^and" save -our
youth from becoming, criminals. v When a i crime
Is. committed 'the police .; always -search * the'
j-alocns and not the - dry.- goods . stores to .find
the'criminal. . •'\u25a0-'.".'.' .' ; -"' ,»'- , \ -
Saloons do not. attract". good;; citizens 'to "our
ROW AT A WEDDING;!
ENDS IN AN ARREST
One Guest Hits Ahptheii on
Head With Bottle of i!^
Wine;
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
BAN LUIS:.OBISPO,,Oct.^29.— Because
J. F. Frietos accompanied., a dematd for
a.bottle-of wine with'a blow with' a|small
twig M." V." Serpa hit * Frietos Jove^Uhe
head with : a bottle." * ThY rowf occurred ' at
the wedding* of - pretty lft-y'ear-old j Olivia
da LC. Silvelra '. to Joseph ; C. , Sllveiral! The
fight ended* the Vcelebrationj: and, Merpa
was arrested ,on a'charge ,;df. ; assault [with
a deadly, weapon.* »He; was^bound^ ;Over'to
th c Superior ; Court ; "after, a) hearing
Justice: of the' Peace^ Low.} -I' \u25a0"'. V H •
Knl* e-Wielder -!\u25a0 Shot.
, SAN ; JOSE, "\u25a0, Oct! 29.-f-In. - a "barroom
nrht^in.' the cßuropa -Hotel r'.to-ri{ght."
Uinberta";Morettl/:' an'i-Itallan.'i- stabbed? a
f cllow-countryhiah;T v ßalph"}^Casa U! | five
times i arid> was " shot^b>VtfieJ latterJt the
bullet entering the, spinal} column || arid
inflicting; a; fatal wound. : "Caslli"' is also
In* avcrlticall condition.: ' , , - * j|' '
*^^/-' • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0 •\u25a0 •\u25a0_' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 . ','•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'
Rev. /Bane Exploits
the- ; Economic;^
.Phase.
.. 'Be Reduced by
city, .do not increase '. legitimate .business, 1 but
hurt? all "other trades. - Every dollar ."spent -in
the saloon takes a dollar from legitimate trade.'
Every other tradesman-, ought* -to- help - close
them -up.*-'. .-\u25a0\u25a0• ;..- ."\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 \u25a0-.'-. 5 -. ". --
A ' five-hundred-dollar" license would increase
the city's • revenue $750,000 per year. : This
would pay all of*. the. police expense. This would
reduce .our- taxes.'. :This would .: In • ten .years
give- us *7,CC0,000 for. new schools, newvhos'-'
pltals, new.': sewers -atid": new; parks, now so
much 'needed without" issuing . -bands. • .
. If • you .carry. Jiljher license,',- It ".' will take
2500 ;r.en out of a bad business.and ; put- them.
Into the respectable -trades; it*. will take that
many bad men out of politics, for the caloon'ls.
in politics, •' encouraged by the •
and Is intimidating candidates ' and •-. voter*.- The
saloon Is -crying, that high license .will, throw
2500 men out* of employment. S They will get
better employment. • The" city had. better' sup
pert ahem, .than, support the saloons. It, will
save 'JGCO men from hell to close 1500 saloons.
1 Our 'police, force, dees not now give the city
adequate protection, for/they are- kept busy
watching our .1200 saloons. With fewer; sa
loons we could redufce the force and have a
quieter city. Carroll D. Wright, late? Govern
ment. statistician, -says: the saloon . costs the
Government $21 In'expense..for every $1 it paya
in' license. : It-'s, a losing business to" the people.
'.I. have faith to .believe the good -citizens of
this city will vote In favor of this $300" li
cense.- The Merchants' Association sent \u25a0 out
the' Question to .be answered • and* out . of' 858
answers received, SOO. were In: favor 'of- a higher
liquor license.-, . '«, :."';, >• •.-\u25a0\u25a0,. \u25a0 \u25a0 " :
\u25a0 We \u25a0 now ' have . three times as many saloons
as the average large city, and only charge one-"
eighth as much license as the average city. . .
We are known as the saloon-cursed." city of
America. I*et. Us- redeem our. city: by. voting for
the "amendment to raise' the license from $84
per year to $500 per year.'.' and ". reduce our
saloons from C2Co,to about-1500. .
.MAKKS APPEAL TO LABOR.
PaMtor. Favor* L*niun«,but $ay« Schmltc
. ; . Should • Not Be Elected. ' '
The Rev. James H. N. Williams, pastor
of the Simpson Memorial- Methodist
Church, ; delivered an address last night
to his congregation on "The 'Dignity, of
Labor," In which- he spoke of the. present
campaign ! in- this city In relation to , the
laboring man. \u25a0 • ' . -" \u25a0 \u25a0
Rev. Mr. Williams said that if the dig
nity- of labor, is to be maintained .there
must^ be a broad -distinction between' a*
man and machine, with the' distinction in
favor of the man; No institution, organ
ization or government* could, be a.frlend
of .the laborer jj unless, it recognized ' his
ma.nhood, the speaker said. Combinations
of capital oh oiierslde "had necessltp.ted. the
organization of labor on the other., 1 Com
»binations of capital had piled up wealth
until it was'injurlous to'the general good.'
On .the other hand, the labor .unions had
wrought incalculable^ good to the laboring
classes. /They -should' work for still better,
results; he'said.^/-. v '•:.',: '\u25a0:'. ..-.-.
•"; Though speaking- strongly for the 'rights
of ; the 'laboring, man; Rev/* Mr.- Williams
had this to say regarding" the coming mu
nicipal election:'.; > '\u25a0.' ' ' ' '. ••;
•At present in"- San Francisco' we 'a re In the
nildEt of a campaign. In which -I wish .It were
possible--. to .shew-. an , interest: directly.., and •in
an" outspoken manner on the side of union la-"
bor.. But that Is Impossible to me and to many
of my brethren In the -.ministry, whose sympa
thies are with labor-. and who" would \u25a0 rtadly.
give them practical support.' if the. conditions
were 'otherwise." Gentlemen of th« labor unions
I say It honestly to you. the pulpits are. not
against you and- your -interests..' 1 know their
voice is •* often : lifted up . in your .behalf; The'
difficulty -at the ." present hour lies In -that'
\u25a0while a »truggle~-'ls on \u25a0 for the \ overthrow; of
principles .and practices that are - destructive,
of all <3ur interests \u25a0 you have :been. misled into
a wronß alignment" of, your forces, which .has
put- you' in /an|alllance"-wlth. 1 . forces ". aeainst
which 'Tve. must- ever be opposed. '•.*,- , \u25a0: • \u25a0-.
' • 1 s !t-. a ny : cred It ;' to ; ypu to ; have the picture
of ; the , present Mayor- as -your candidate and
professed .'friend -set over tho -entrances' of the
saloons/ of r this i"clty- with your: indorsement?
.Can. he ,-or.,'any-'' manvbe the • saloon-keeper's
frlend'anrt yours : al»o? I. say no man can have
th* jindoVsement*. nnd support, -of ; euch; forces
•nd; be- the i friend.' of , labor.- for.- the : liquor
ttGStfxt* \u25a0is tiie - worst , enemy that labor has. i&
- J, Undei stand ; .rhy : own position, 'and think
I" understand \u25a0 the position of .'my --brethren" in
th* ministry.- The: fusion ; ticket is. standing
in v its •'" declarations' ' for I civic i decency- and ' Is
conducting -the ?\u25a0 campaign upon '•' a high moral
and Intellectual -plane. 'This is very vigorously
set'-.forth,". particularly in the ' addresses of Mr
Partridge and-: Mr.'; Brandenstein, . the i candi-.
date for the great and important- of flce'of Dis
trict Attorney.'; --: The issues being: so- clearly
nndi soaharply. drawn, there is but 'one 'course
for /us— open and vigorous support- of the fusion
forces. v> We -'are. . eorry for . the < alignment you
have \u25a0" seen -. fit " to \u25a0 make.; Our duty. \u25ba is" clear- at
this hour.'- '. We j have- no 'favors \u25a0_ to seek.-; But
wo;! desire 'to' see-, graft- overthrown,, civic de
cency upheld • and our ; city.: given a chance
for that 'moral progress as well as commercial
development' she, ought to have.- . , \u25a0\u25a0
LABOR )IS^ SCARCE
MN SAGEBRUSH STATE
Meriy Cannot XBe ' Secured to
[Build; at New Rail-: % :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' RENO, Oct.; 29.— The\work ot ; construct
ing f the, railroad y f rom * Toario "•'. to" Ely •in
White.'Pine; County /inVanjprobability: will
be'abandohedor at least, delayed for sev
eral months ibecauseCbtr.thei fact ithat? the
contractors 1 find, it -impossible . to , secure; a
sufilcient T number .'of \u25a0 laborers^ to", carry on
the Grading, for; a'-' distance of .. thir
; ty^mile-s | has 1 already.; been 'completed,"; bti t
the work ,'of laying { theTtles anil: rails' is at
a*stahdstill.-;. Laborers are imported: from'
San jFrancisco ' as well as i Salt ' Lake. : 'Fair,
wages ; are) paid. ; but 1 1 or] sonie^ reason 'the
men "will < remain^ hot \ more '.than ;•; al week;
some of ;them;not^even T aday.: v ....' \u25a0.-\u25a0 \u0084
..;.KEOKUK,i lowa'f Oct: -5 28.— Elaft * Glass 'Wti
convicted; in ' ; .the ; Federal courts here "to-day "of
infrlKgementt of , copyright ; In the ; case ]of s the'
play f ''Way; Out -. West.! '..\u25a0 -;,The •\u25a0 case 1 Is; of • espe- '•
cial '; interest sas J beiris i the s flret * to ; be h. tried >in
the ,TJn!ted; States under, a-.'new.law;.-which: went:
into i effect. la«t '\u25a0* July, f ," maxinc i. copyrlf ht ? fn-
i ringement ; a } criminal ;' misdemeanor. "-. -. -- •
PASTOR TELLS
OF STRUGGLE
IN BOYHOOD
MINISTER OF GOSPEL WHO SAYS
.... UNIONS SHOULD KEEP OUT OF
.. POLITICS.
Rev; George Hough
in; : Touch With
; r The. moral side of the political situation
was s discussed- by the .Rev. George .A
Hough last-e vening at the '\u25a0; California
street-Alethodist'Eptscopal Church. f -
: Mr.l Hough told of his sympathy with
the 'laboring man ; told how he himself
had come [from poverty, earning at one
time Jl.Sa, a week, and wished that' his
tongue might be silenced if he ever lost
his sympathy for the class from whom he
has sprung.-,'
An- unusual scene occurred in the church
when the ; reverend speaker was loudly
applauded by men ana women when he
said that/no man is great enough to be
Mayor :• of" .San ' Francisco who cannot
stand alone. In part the speaker said:
\u25a0 It is 'not', without hesitancy that I speak to
you' upon- this -topic oi essentially/ locai Inter
est. '•• My cumparatlvely brief residence in San
frrancifcco docs! nut quality me to make an ex
haustive review or local conditions. I have no
personal-, acquaintanceship , with cither of the
candidates "lor Mayor, and Know nothing of
their history, only that which Is the common
property-: or; the con.ii.unit>. .As a ruie the
preacher; fchould be silent in politics, but wheu
tho issues are purely moral he should enter the
arena. with >poiished blade and with no uncer
tain battle cry. \u25a0&m&HfP&p*
It 'has. been said that such is'the condition
of this' campaign.: and if so It would be cow
ardly.'ancl-unmanly for s me to be silent. \ •
.- No '. man . knows ;the moral conditions und
problems of the- community better than the
pastor; and It is his duty to conserve, not only
individual 'righteousness but civic.
Prior- to' entering the ministry I was lor a
time; ln the employ of one ot the great political
parties; 'and had charge of the national cam
palgn In; a. largo portion of the state in 1596.
Thus . 1 can speak from the standpoint of the
politician; as that of the pastor.
..; A man In politics can be so clean and up
light that his ; probity will never be questioned,
though, men 'may. differ with him In political
measure*., ?V
'\u25a0'; .The great. need of San Francisco is the clar
ifying of \u25a0 Its moral' atmosphere.- She needs an
administration, that •will have the confidence
Of the best'" citizenship or me nation.
- It is a fact'that I have met men and women
who •; are-' afraid- U>. rear their children In ; San
Francisco." , It Is "• more than trade winds and
fog that keep people from settling here. '
(. There J are .other cities on the Pacific Coast
more fr, prosperous '- even than \u0084. San *': Francisco,
cities \u25a0>. in, which v . an empty house -is . difficult to
find.: and. they: arc building all the time. San
Francisco' has.'- not - prospered . because of -her
good,; but in" spite of her j bad government/
. I -have. «very- sympathy with, the tollers. 1
grew up in 'a home of poverty and began work
at -the -princely salary of $1 5o a.week. In the
corn -field •' and; on the" cow ; pony, \u25a0 behind the
printing ' press -.'and at the teacher's - desk 1
learned to love'tht» laborer,' and may God palsy
I my armband sllcnceimy tongue if I ever-lose
I my 'sympathy for him. -..-, - . \u25a0 .
..With 'all. this .1 do not! believe Va class divi
sions in /.-politics.* '-'\u25a0 If- our if. annual
I should propose to nominate, a candidate for the
1 Governorship I , would ; oppose . It '.with all my
I might,', for :this- would be entering a field be
' yond; our j province.-;
; ;i.ADOn.UAIONS IX bANGEJR.
So^ I feelf that the labor unions have erred in
seeking \u25a0 to', assume ; the ; functions of \u25a0 a political
party, and-thaf theyiare In danger of alienat
ing .their; friends by, lending • their indorsement
and v supporti to "unworthy; men.'.' \u25a0" " - \u0084.-\u25a0.
It has i been charged against the present ad
ministration;that'lt has • appointed to the .va
ribusi* boards = and commissions; men of ques
tionable ' character and ; lacking in that tech
nical? knowledge necessary, for the discharge
1 of their, public trust. *- - ;' 'v
J .'lt hasrbeenicharged that the Mayor Is dom
inated \u25a0• by a. T political, bo?a. who, largely dictates
thepubllc'acte of the chier. executive.
- ,If.thls T ls true. lt Is a grave charge.
"'. No mani Is great enough : to : he Mayor of San
: Francisco who ; cannot -stand alone. _ '\u25a0\u25a0
Here," the < congregation, both men and
.women,, burst out in Joud . applause.
'. Mr. <Hqugh7 who was "surprised by the
t unusual . demonstration, continued :?y
'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 The -administration has been charged with
vlolatlns ; pre-election .pledges' and. "disregard-
Ing \u25a0 thd - sentiment ! of '\u25a0\u25a0 the - best people -• of ; the
city: In i signing: the -ordinance -.licensing ;gam
bllng-'at^lngleglde.;_>.\u25a0;., \u0084....
YOUTHS-GOXB TO THE DEVIL.
"How many young men 1 of this city have gone
to the devil through betting on the races?! You
know •'.'Yous-'have:jhad3 the v sorrowful • lessons
and ~ yet \u25a0: it » is everywhere . charged - that \u25a0''. the
admlnistra.tion : has countenanced this danger to
our-boysandjeven our slrls. v .
sslt it : thaU't the > administration haa
winked ' at," If ; not ' incited.; violation , of the .law i
and ; breaking; of th« ( peace.' '\u25a0.;.. :\:_- \u25a0_-\u0084--\u25a0
"t These '"are vail r serious '.charges .'and At; the
admlnist'riitlbn i is j guilty how can it expect the
support r of. the "honest and /Intelligent citizen-,
ship of-SancFrancisco?. > -
• % Tou - knd wi- the .' facts \u25a0' of \u25a0 these \u25a0 things > as ; wel l
ast'l.'f >' I-- will. ' if •' you-, will ' allow - me. para
phrase v thn -^ third - and fourth .verses of the
twinty-fourtn psalm :\u25a0 , ' ;
• "Who * shall J ascend ' into-, tha- City Hall? Or
who • shall i stand in- the Mayor's place?
CATHOLIC PRELATE
ON LOQUOR TRAFFIC
Temperance Cause
Comrnehdedfby
Higher License for
Saloons of; City
Discussed.^
In the course of a' sermon preached yes
terday morning in St. 'Mary's Cathedral
Archbishop Montgomery spoke substan
tially as follows on the proposed high.li
cense measure. to* be voted on in the com
ing election:'".' •' . : ; -'• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• ••\u25a0\u25a0'".-
In a vastoral letter in ISS4 the Bishops, as
sembled In the Third Plenary Council of .Balti
more exurtsi. the ganeial tense of the Cath
olic church-, on , the. liquor, question. \u25a0 -Therein
they (five approval to the zeal of those wbo,
the better to avoid excess or In order .to' sive
a bright «>xaniplo-to others, pledge themselves
to total abstinence; - and they invoke a bleos
inc on the cause of temperance and on those
who labor ' ur its advancement in a. Chris
tian spirit. They', not only hope that pastors
and people would co-operate ' 'generously with
those .so laboring-, but earnestly exhort'pas
tors to Induce,". lf possible.. those oC their flocks
that may.be engaged In- the sale of liquor to
abandon .as soon as . they can | th* dangerous
trairie and to engage; in some -more becoming
way of making, a' llvlng.*~*< This sensible - ami
conservative Mew: of; the liquor \u25a0 traffic* has
furnished the basis ot action en this matter
tor bishops and priests. and people. - •
The whole Catholic community, of this city
has been for many . years committed .to the
work Dt the "League of the Cross, : whose im
mediate purpose- In to reach the young .and
bring up a generation to manhood with habits
ot temoeranc* 1 and -sobriety; -. So \u25a0heartily has
Archbishop \u25a0Iliordan- been devoted to this work
that for several .years he has set apart a
priest for, it- who mleht devot« himself to it
as his SDeclal mission.,- But we all know th*
many temptations that \u25a0 beset , the path of old
and young toundermlne these endeavors and to
allure to .habits, of drinking and intoxication.
All. feel convinced that among -these temDta
tions the great number of. and' the al-'
most unregulated sale of liquor hold the first
place. '' v*T. : • • .'\u25a0 '-\u25a0 " ' -\u25a0
It is often difficult for the Catholic priest to
co-operate as , he: would wish to with many
engaged In temperance" reform because of the
radical measures frequently proposed, - and be
cause they-, are* sometimes' so- mingled with
political Issues .that \u25a0It would put the. priest
in the attitude of a politician, and to this our
own people are the first- to object and rlehtly
so. But when there- Is a measure proposed
that commend? , Itself '. to our- Judgment; and
when it can be .approached," advocated and
voted upon -without falsifying our position, we
should avail . ourselves of It; Such a measure
is proposed to us now.. Ten 'days from to-day
we shall be called upon to vote to Increase the
license on tho. sale of .'liquor .in 'San Francisco
from $84 ' per annuqi,' the present rate, to $125
per quarter. It Is" 1 ' believed • that \u25a0 If . this be
come a law .It .will furnish 'at least .a. partial
relief. The Intent Is not simply and solely to
create or Increase a revenue, . though" certainly
that feature of it is, not- to- be discounted.
No doubt the- wholesale- and the retail sale
of liquors is lucrative to those engaged In it.
but It Is Just -as certain that .there -is not an
other factor In- our civic life so ccstly to thl»
community, and va* a \u25a0 matter of.' equity It
ought to be made .to bear. a fairer 9hare of tha
burdens H create?, .y :\u25a0•\u25a0•-\u25a0:-,
:rwith a; single exception sfmonscltl«» ©f *ny
considerable size, the -license" in- San . Fran
cisco In the. lowest in 1 the- United States, and
a corresponding effect' Is. that' we nave: a
greater number of Saloons, proportionately than
'any other town' or city. . • \u25a0 .
• -All of Us know', w hat an ascent of demoraliza
tion and imlsery.thtsejare. . Th» . evidences are
so rriany and so' patent that they need not to b«
enumerated.*- -Let \ the proposed ; measure be
voted, dectpase... the; number of saloons.' bring
those remaining ' under* stricter "• supervision,
and create a public sentiment that will demand'
that San Francisco . occupy a • place , of decency
that we should ell wish her to have a» our
own city and home.. - . \u25a0 c\u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0;- ,'\u25a0\u25a0-,. \u25a0 , \u25a0 -\u25a0„• . ..-\u25a0\u25a0 r
WHITE RIBON
DAY IN SOUTH
Colors of Woman J s Christian
Temperance Union in Evi
dence at- the Churches
- LOS AXGELES, Oct.V 29. —To-day • was
"white i ribbon"; ; day • -in. the . various
churches of'tne 'city; and 'suburban towns,
in honor,, of .the visiting: delegates 'to the
Xational Woman's Christian Temperance
Union convention, f The principal event of
the day "was the convention' sermon.'-de
livered by. Miss 'Elizabeth" W. . Greenwood
of Xew York,"- superintendent: of the.evan
gelistic department. ' at the,/First-Congre
gational Church this Lafternb6n/- '_ •
The churchy was /packed 'to, its capacity
and the 'address ' created a' profound im
pression.'" "Mrs."'. Lillian. M. X. Stevens, the
national .'president, .presided." - An elabor
ate programme . of .'oral and Instrumental
music, prayer^serylce and' Scripture : read
ing was rendered. : The organ prelude .was
given by Walter .F. Skeel- The
reading of the Scripture was rendered by
-Mrs. Mary,-R: Haslup,- president- of ,the
Maryland Women's Temperance
Union/ and -the prayer, service was led-by
Mrs. Helen; M.^Stoddard; president of-the
Texas Western..Women'3 Christian \u25a0Tem-.
perance j Union.". Services under the* direc
tion of prominent I members • of ' the .Wom
en's Christian" Temperance : Union were
•held .'to-dayj at iboth the "City and County
jails. Mrs. - D. "' C.'TLeeds.'.the prison evan
gelist, headed the 'body, conducting \u25a0 serv-.
ices at 'the County- Jail. > \u25a0'/:.' ' .'
A Sunday^, school "temperance : rally,'
which was': attended ..by-', hundreds and at
which much enthusiasm was evoked, was
held at the :; First ; Methodist = Episcopal
Church.: There" were several addresses
upon the fsubject - of, temperance f and . the
best methods. of 'advancing the ca.use."»> .'.\u25a0
To-night a.party. of. prominent .workers,
headed by -Mrs.. .Thatcher and Mrs.; Boyd,
-visited.- the -7 Sailors'' Bethel., at {the"; port
of San {Pedro, - where*, services, were «coni
ducted." -. * : ; - •. >\u0084 -.:•"-:"•\u25a0.-.'\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0'
DOCTOR^FALLSf INTO
\u25a0••'" A:iBOILING SPRING
Terribly Burned GBeforeSe Is
Pulled Out by Witness; of
RENO, 0ct"29."-r-Dr.'A"Casaccia;,a,well
known ',physician., physician . of 1 Rfenol . while /sight
seeing ' at. Steamboat \ Springs ; to-day '\u25a0', fell
In to J one f of s the '\u25a0'\u25a0 geysers/ and % would t have
been ; literally \u25a0 DOiledTtoTdeathv had : It not
.been 5 for .thelfact'that'^a; visitor .witnessed
the accident and rescued'hirn.^Dr.' Casac
cia -was' broughtUo jßenb^ this' afte.rnoonJ
He Is teCTiblj%burned.-".The ; physlclans J who
are attending him will \u2666 not Estate whether
he Lwill > recbyer.', '.-There i are . a ; number, of
geysers ' f at'u the /springs . and '\u0084 the/s, water
from them": is always "at -the boiling; point.
'.lie that hath clean hands andia pure ; heart.
who hath:riot'lifted,up bis soul to, Iniquity. now
sworn dec«i tfully.-;'^7 .:•'-':':.;'• •: > -• - .= '
-.Fellow,' citizens."/ 1 -' ask, you to exercise your
Godly \ JoUu ment i in; the* selection; of 'that ".man
who, most nearly; meets this; hi»h: ideal. .
CATHOUC PRBI^ATE. "WHO URGES
VOTERS TO SUPPORT THE
HIGH LICENSE PROPOSAL.
HOLD-UP MEN
BEAT VICTIM
TO DEATH
Albert Scott, a youn^ clerk, was set
upon by four brutal thugs at Front
street and' Broadway early thi3 morn
ing, and after being: robbed of $15 was
fatally beaten with clubs wielded by
the robbers. Scott at 2 o'clock was
lying. at the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital in a dying: condition.
Ho told Policeman Welch, who was the
first to reach him,- that he had sees the
men early Sunday evening in a saloon
near Fourth and Howard streets. Be
fore Scott could give any description of
the men he lapsed. lnto unconsciousness.
The surgeons declare that he cannot re
cover.
When Scott saw that he was overpow
ered by the thugs he offered to give them
his money and begged them not to hurt
Despite his pleas he was felled to the
sidewalk and kicked and beaten. He
shouted for help, but the place where
the hold-up occurred is a lonely one at
night and no one heard him.
When Policeman Welch reached him
Scott was almost dead from the brutal
treatment he had received. The police
have no clew to the identity of the men.
IS SHORT HIS WIT.VKSS
TO MAKB XATITVL CHARGB
. Policeman Arrest i Pickpocket* bat the
. • Victim: ltushei Away From
the Scene. -
John Campbell, a negro, was arrested
last night on Pacific street by Patrol
man James Ward,, and as soon aa a man
whom he robbed of a watch can be lo
cated he will be charged with grand
larceny. .Campbell is accused. of sev
erar other crimes of a similar r nature
and he may be identified to-day by
several other victims.
For some time a number of reports
have. been made to the police that
watches and stick pins have been taken
from habitues of the colored dance
halls ion . Pacific street. . Detectives
Matherson and Mulcahy have made,
every effort- to locate the offender, but
he managed to keep at large until he
\u25a0was seen by Policeman Ward last night
in the act rf .taking a watch from a
stranger's , pocket and passing: It to an
accomplice. .Ward immediately grabbed
Campbell and the man who was robbed
started- after the accomplice. Neither
has returned thus . far, and now Ward
is anxious to learn the .name; of the
complaining witness that he can make
a charge against his prisoner.
SA3I DAVIS TELLS
A AVILDCAT STOEY
Says He Captured Vicious
Beast^With Aid of';
Buggy Robe.
RENO, Oct.* 29.— While "'driving from his
farm \u25a0 to .Carson [ last evening Sam Davis.
State "Controller, of Nevada.^ was stopped
on the road by a huge wild "cat. the ani
mal standing its ground and holding Da
vis* friehtened .team at bay. . The ; Con
troller says he made every effort to drive
theferocious beast away,- and failing took
the buggy, robe from his rig and threw It
over the cat.- making it a helpless pris
oner. • Davis carried the struggling feline
to ' Carson and placed it In a steel " cage,
where it is now on exhibition. Davis es
caped without even a scratch. .
NEW COXSVL GENERAL FROM'
. ITALY FOR SA.\ FRASCISCO
Carlo F. S«rra to Be Succeeded la
ThU City, by . Slgnor
'.'\u25a0\ X .'.-. Jon a. '
ROME. Oct., 29.— Carlo Phillipo Serra^
Italian Consul at , San Fran
cisco, has ibcen \u25a0 appointed Consul Gen
eral .at Caracas. Venezuela, and will be
succeeded' by T Slgnor "Jona. _ T
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
' JOHJT D. SPRECKEL.S .'........... . . . . . ..... .. .Proprietor
jlddkess all. communications to -.:.;llx'ur'>;
JOHN aicXAUGHT • • Manager
PtrBLJCATIOX OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRAXCISCO
MONDAY OCTOBER 30, 1905
A LIVELIER WEEK IN TRADE.
'-pHE hall in business noted during the first half of October
. r was succeeded last week by the appearance of a remarkable
*- demand for all sorts of breadstuff s. It was the feature of
the week and dwarfed all other conditions. Minneapolis reported
immense sales of flour. An increased European demand for wheat
was observed, while our own American consumers were in the
market as eager buyers of large lines. Texas was reported out of
wheat, and as one market dispatch put it, was "chewing into the
Kansas supply" with a greediness that promised to exhaust it oefore
long. At Minneapolis the millers were reported taking all the
choice milling grades the}- could lay their hands on. Mexico was also
very short, and not only withdrew the duty on wheat, but an
nounced her intention of becoming a liberal buyer in the American
markets. Winnipeg also appeared as a buyer in the American
Northwest.
This sudden and vast demand for wheat caused excited trading
at Chicago, and on one or two days that market rose sharply with
a general scramble to buy. Exports of corn also increased ma
terially, while -the demand for oats was as keen as that for wheat.
So, taken all around, it was a great week in breadstuff s. The
railroads were affected by this immense movement and could not
supply sufficient cars with which to move the grain. Another source
of activity was cotton. Not only was speculation in this staple
active, both at Xew York and at New Orleans, but a large business
was done at Liverpool. The effect of this demand was similar to
that produced by the scramble for breadstuffs, and the cotton
market became unsettled, the excitement being aggravated by all
sorts of reports and estimates regarding the crop now being har
vested. The estimates vary widely, ranging all the way from
9.500,000 to 12.000,000 bales, according to the interests of the
different parties sending out guesses ; but the conservative elements
seem to be grouped in the neighborhood of 10,000,000 bales, which
is a fair crop, though several million bales short of the output
of 1904.
Of course this great activity in the country's most important
staples had its influence on general trade. It could not be other
wise. The financiers and Wall street operators saw in it a great
traffic for the railroads during the coming year, continued flush
times among the farmers and country merchants arid a good whole
sale and jobbing demand for all sorts of merchandise. Stocks did
not move" much, one way or the other, but the money market con
tinued to ease off, with a further decline in rates of interest. A
larger demand for dry goods was reported, and this in turn pro
duced a reflex firmness on the cotton market.
Several of the other agricultural and industrial staples did not
make such a brilliant showing as cotton and breadstuffs. The hiyh
prices of wool quieted down the woolen market, which in turn
caused a decreased demand for the raw wool and led to an easier
tendency in prices. The high quotations for hides and leather also
led the Hide and Leather Corporation to pass its dividend, as they
compelled the corporation to employ all of its capital in the conduct
of its daily operations.
The iron and steel industry is still apparently active and in
good condition. Xew steel rail orders placed /hiring the past ten
weeks aggregate 1,486,500 tons, the largest business in this line
ever known. The coke and coal industries are reported taxed to
their utmost capacity, with prices more likely to advance than
decline. The general exports of the country in September were
the heaviest on record, the total being $136,000,000, or $2,000,000
in excess of September, 1904. These large exports, however, are
largely offset by equally large imports, those for September being
$102,000,000. The net result of these exports and imports was an
excess of exports for the month of $33,000,000, against $50,000,000
a year ago.
The usual weekly statistic made a good exhibit last week. The
bank clearings showed the very slight gain of 3.7 per cent over the
corresponding week of 1904, but the aggregate clearings exceeded
$2,800,000,000. with all the large cities except New York, St. Louis
and New Orleans recording gains. The railway earnings for
October were 6 per cent larger than in October, 1904.
Considered as a whole, the trade showing last week was most
excellent and better than for several weeks past. As long as
buyers are scrambling over each other to buy our cotton, wheat,
corn and oats, our steel mills are taxed to their fullest capacity
to fill the Orders sent in to them, and our coke and coal industries
worked to their limit for fuel, good times will continue. There will
undoubtedly be lulls, as during the first fortnight in October, but
they always occur, even in the most active trade*eras.
RAILWAY RATE REGULATION.
NOW" that a big convention held in Chicago to consider the
question of railway rate regulation has decided in favor of the
policy of enlarging the powers of the Interstate Commerce
Commission for that purpose is a time when the summarizing of
that policy, and of the history and justification of restrictive rail
wa}' regulation, is valuable just for recollection.. This desirable
thing is well executed in the conclusions of the final chapter of a
newly published book on that subject by Henry S. Haines, the
author of "American Railway Management." and who has held
a number of high positions in railway control and is well qualified
to make such a study. The work contains the substance of a course
of lectures delivered last spring at the Boston University School
The question of rate regulation is probably the largest issue
now coming up before the public for solution. It is not only
directly and in itself a great matter, but its decision, by the power
of established precedent, will extensively affect our whole economic,
system. One of the first items to consider is the magnitude to
which our railway interests have grown. The mileage is almost:
equal to one-half that of the whole world. Counting employes.,
stockholders and the families of both, the people directly dependent
.on the welfare of the roads amounts to one-fifth of the population.
In recognition of the rights and influence of the press it .has been
named the "fourth estate" among the powers that be, and perhaps
the one-fifth of our population directly interested in railways might
be called "the fifth estate."-
In the decision to extend restrictive legislation the importance
of this great estate is not forgotten. The railway historian believes
that in the general summing up every dollar that the public has
granted to railways in bounties and the value of granted privileges
lias been amply returned to the public in the advancement of pros
perity and in the facilities for easy intercommunication which has
so efficiently helped to break down provincial prejudices, and to
knit us. by their network into a homogeneous nation, much more
strongly woven by peace than those other peoples by -conquest
joined.
However, the regulation of the compensation for the public
service is no new thing. "It had been for centuries recognized as
a fundamental principle of common law." When our laws*pro
hibited traffic agreements it wag such a heavy blow to the internal
control of the regulation of railway rates that logically there is now
no other mode for the making of joint rates except by the exercise
of some control external to the corporate will of the parties directly
interested in the profits that ace made by those rates. The history
of economic evolution is the history of the struggle for a balanced
adjustment between competition /and combination. There are
goods and evils in competition, and likewise in combination use
and abuse show its need of delimitation.
Railway development has so far advanced in this country that
most of the measure' of evil that resides in competition has been
eliminated. Practically ;the whole great system is controlled by eight
traffic managers. Wasteful" competition is thus avoided. Fear for
THE' SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY. OCTOBER. 30, 1905.
A STITCH TIME— THAT DIDN'T
SAVE ANYTHING.
VARIETIES OF INSURANCE.
"Many persons have perforce been
compelled to read facts about insur
ance companies recently," said a gen
eral agent, "but I'll venture to" say that
not more than one person out of 10,000
realizes even faintly the astounding
spread of the principle of ;assurance.
The ordinary citizen knows ; only the
life and fire lines which directly con
cern him, while the ordinary business
man may be aware of the . existence
of other lines, such as plate glass in
surance, etc.
"Now if there's anything in the
sphere of human activities that is not
covered by insurance it is because that
object has been overlooked by the in
surance promoter. Very soon I -'ex
pect that insurance companies wili
write airship and submarine insurance
in the interest of foolhardy aeronauts
and inventors. Here's a list of lines
now in existence that should prove a
revelation:
"Fire, life, safe, rents, patent, ma
rine, tornado, theft, credit, plate glass,
transportation, tourists' baggage, acci
dent, burglary, sprinkler, lightning,
bank and messenger robbery, tailors
and furniture floaters, postal, elevator,
casualty, flywheel, automobile, physi
cians' and druggists' liability, travel
ers' samples, fidelity, '^official, ' guaran
teed attorney's department, contract,
judicial and court bonds, teams, help,
leaseholds, contingent .steam boiler,
landlords' liability, use and occupancy,
employers' liability, workmen's collec
tive, liquor dealers" license, 'general lia
bility, hold-up and bank account in
surance. ?v • <?;'
"So you see," concluded the insur
ance agent, "if you have money enough
to pay premiums you can practically
cheat the decrees of fate."
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
LOADED.
Yalevard — Oh. yes, I'm on the
football team. That chap lean
ins: against the campus f<»nce is
our coach.
Miss Vassire — Gracious! but
.-."it- 7<>r ,.i. jp fuin
WOMAN'S IDEA.
Benham — -I think -women
ought to be chloroformed ?at 60,
as well as. men.; \ r':\
Mrs. Benham— l think so, too.
Any woman who will admit be
ing . 60 ought to be chloro
formed. '
the public welfare is now/ 1 therefore, to ibe directed to the ; abuses
of unrestricted combination.- This is. why there is. an Outcry for
further regulation of rail way affairs; by national' legislation. That
the majority of the people] are strongly rbehmd; the- movement Ms
strongly evidenced^by the] fact ; that the leaders of both the great
parties, Roosevelt and Bryan, unite; almost as brothers in adyqcacy (
of further control. The president's, 'policy -is. so conservative- that
it appears that if the railways could i-resisti -resist and clef eat \u25a0 it; they would
but cause a later resurge of popular indignation against^ the abuse
of combination woiilcl: be- revolutionary; by! comparison with
the moderate' regulations a* present proposed. : *>\u25a0 > -
SOME FOOLISH FACTS.
Barnum was a generous man; he
gave everybody a show.
Washington's first ride w#,s when he
took a hack at the cherry tree.
A prizefight is a striking affair and
a cashier's business is a paying one.
The ni'«t important needle work in
the worrd has been done by the marin
er's compass.' -*.>v
Lovers are like armies; they have no
trouble until the engagement begins.
A woman cries when she is tickled
and laughs when she is mad.
An architect is a designing man.
A milliner is always a trim creature.
The path of duty is through the Cus
tom-house. \u25a0 .
. A good book is a fine companion.
Especially a bankbook.— Men and Wo
men." ,! '
ROCKEFELLER'S PARTNER.
Marshall P. Wilder, the story-teller,
says he had a dream the other night,
in which he entered into business with
Mr. Rockefeller, selling potted plants.
The business did not thrive, and after
it became apparent that the venture
.would not prosper, Mr. Rockefeller
suggested a dissolution of partnership
and a division of the assets. Wilder
taking the pots and plants. At this
juncture the innocent bystander inter
rupted to inquire what Rockefeller
took. Surely he must have • gotten
something as his share. And he did.
"He took the earth."
Townsend's California "glace fruits
and choicest candles in artistic fire
etched boxes. New store. "67 Market. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
USES ALL HIS MONEY.
The Tall One— Have you a
bank balance?
The Short One — Yes, but I
can't tell which side it is on.
I: let my wife , take my check
book this morning.
SHE KNEW.
Mrs. Hixon- — Is your youngest:
son noisy around the house?: ,
Mrs.- Dixon— lnd eed he is. He
whistles when \ he's ; . awake and
snores when he's asleep.
Occidental
Accidentals
A. J. WATERHOUSE
A GREETING TO COLLINS.
' (Attorney' George D. Collins says that h*
merely "went away for his health and has re
turned at his own volition.) .
We're glad to greet you, George. You
know; •-
We've sadly missed you all this time,
But now your health has had a show, \u25a0
We're pleased to hear you're feeling
prime. ,
We really hope you'll understand
The , officer who came with you
Just sought that foreign, northern land
Because his health was failing, too.
'Tis thus your welfare, George, we heed.
We could not bear to think you sick,
And so we sent a man, indeed.
To see you were recovered quick;
And now you're home," and weir as dear—
A thought that surely makes us smile—
I know you'll be entranced to hear.
We trust you'll linger quite a while.
THINGS 1 HAVE SEU.V.
! I knew 'a man who always said "I have
saw" and "He has came," but he "saw his
way clear to do many a deed of kindness,
and he "came" to many a weary wander
er as a very angel of blessing; and, take
it for all in all, I think that we may as
well overlook his grammar.
I knew a girl who fairly shone in the
parlor while her old moiher did the work
in the kitchen, and since I have discov
ered the fact some way she does not seem
to shine as much as she did.
i There was a clergyman who preached
what the sisters termed "perfectly beau
tiful sermons," but since I have become
thoroughly acquainted with him I do not
care to hear them. , .
I knew a man who owned no creed and
yet lived a "helpful, loving life, and— how
would you account for that?
I heard that as the twig is bent the
tree's inclined, and generally it is true;
but there are men in San Quentin whose
parents reared them tenderly, carefully
and prayerfully, and I cannot help won
dering what ailed the twig in such cases.
I have seen a woman who wore her best
and prettiest dresses before her marriage
wear a kimono that would make your
heart ache to look at it every day and
nearly all day since that event— and yet
she wonders what makes John seem so
different from what he seemed before
they joined hands.
HER MISFIT AFFIX IT V.
"You had better not marry him," urged
the Wise Friend.
"But, 7 the Sweet Young Thing protest
ed, "I know that he is my Affinity, and
I feel that I cannoi do otherwise than
to marry him."
So she married him.
And now she has discovered that her Af
finity gets full regularly every Saturday
and loses his job just as regularly every
Other Saturday, and does not support her,
and treats her somewhat less kindly than
htr father treated his cow, and is, in
brief, covered with the very slime of
earth.
And now the Sweet Young Thing (no
longer as sweet as formerly) is a firm ad
herent of the creed that Affinities are a
mliihty JSimi Article. (
And the creed is not without its legion
oJ true believers, for there are many like
her. "
WHEN PA TA UGHT THE CALF.
When my pa taught the calf to drink, that
was a thrillin' day,
Fer pa's a leader in the church an' walks
a pious way.
Wcli, firs' he taught that blessed calf; he
hummed a hymn the while —
Of course, pa hummed it, fer the calf—
well, 'singin' want its style;
And then he chucked its head down in a
pail of milk he had.
An' what then happened, to relate. It
makes me mishty sad;
The calf firs' butted pa, an' then my pa,
he butted, too.
An' when that buttin' match was done
the ground with pa was strew. C-}; : ,*lli
But pa he kept his piety an' tried to hum
the hymn.
Though I could see his slngin' notes wus
glttin'.middlin' slim. ' \
An' then he tried the calf again; the calf
It tried him, too,
An' laid my pa upon his back, while milk
about him flew.
It landed mostly in his face, though some
was on his clothes,
An' firs' he gasped, an* then he choked,
an' then he slowly rose,
An' then he staggered to the fence, an'
6ays, an' give a couch:
"Jest turn that hose upon your pa an'
wash thi3 barnyard off."
An' then a light of stern resolve come
gleamln' in pa's eye,
An' he remarked, "My son, vamoose, an'
be quite middlln' spry!
I'll tackle that derned calf again although
I'm. bound ter lose.
An' I don't mean no son of mine shall
hear the words I use."
So I vamoosed— l thought 'twas best— but
ever sence that day
I've allers- wondered jest what words my
pa designed ter say.
I know he's pious, but all folks '11 wander
frum the road,
An 1 jedgin' by the calf. I s'pose he said,
"I will be blowed!"
THE FABLE OF ALADDI.V.
As every . reader \u25a0of the Arabian Nights
Entertainment must realize, Aladdin was
a lazy, , good-for-nothing lout and par
boiled chump . who ought to have been
thrashed within an inch of his life by his
mother, so as to teach him some other
road than that to San Quentin.
Now it so happened that the Bright Boy
in the class had heard of Aladdin's won
derful lamp and coveted it. So he went
to Aladdin, and- said:
"I'll trade yer six marbles fer yer old
lamp."
Aladdin refused to, trade.
"Aw, well," the Bright Boy continued,
"keep yer dern old lamp. v It's no good,
noway. I kin buy lots of dem round town
fer two fer a ; nick; \ it's nuttin but brass
anyways; but I'm a friend ob yourn, and
so I'll make it seben marbles."
Aladdin appeared ;to hesitate.
"An' seem' it's you I'll trow in me top,
too, an* it's a'eood un." .
So Aladdin traded., and that is why you
never have heard anything further of him
and, his. wonderful lamp, far. the Bright
Boy was shrewd enough ndt^ to advertise
his grood 'fortune. V
Moral— A fool and his soft snap are soon
parted.'. .
one glass to end the story; • .
Here's one glass; If never more,
To ; the days when Life was slory
And a cheery smile. she wore. ;'„
Drink, although you, drink no other,
For this, moment; is divine-
Here's a brimming glass, my; brother,
To the days of Auld Lang Syne !
TELEPHONING IN RUSSIA.
The telephone, It" is said, makes slow
progress In Russia, •, and small [ wonder!
Fancy ;a ; man ; goinsT to an instrument
and' Shouting: .-".',,
;. ."Halloa! : Is that you, . Dvisastkiv
smartvoiczski?', 1 i*JiPlsftsns!SßfiB
"No.'^it is 'Zollemschouskafflrnockn
stiffsgrowoff. f Who is; that; speaking?"
V "Sexlmochockrerbyeraksmakischcho
kemoff.:-1 want to know if^Xliferorhans
kefflsklllmajuwchzvastowskrweibiorski
is still -, stopping with Dvisastkivsmart
volczskl."^ -L \u25a0 ;V.'. ;,'../.'\u25a0'\u25a0'- \u25a0\u25a0'. \u25a0
Of th'o 1 563 ; porsons \u25a0 in: Switzerland ; who,
"oh ;December, 1, 1900, : had' reached - the" age
of '.ninety 'Cor }i more, •\u25a0 only^ lflfty-nlne> \u25a0 are
how/'knowhito ,be alive; twenty-one men,
thirty-eight, women"; >'' - ; -.
SAVING AND SPENDING
\u25a0 • . . , - —
Teaching Children How to Do Each Is a Matter of
the Greatest Importance.
. — ' .
DOROTHY FENIMORE
r-pEACH your children to save money. It is the first let ter In the «t
| of living. Then teach them how to spend it. This is the second
WhaTTs the curse of the rich? Satiety. What is the curse of the poor!
v A wrong estimation of value. In both cases money is the roo. of «° fta P"
plness. Yet money, well used, is the golden key to opportunity, for the
rich as weir as for the poor. *.
Teach children, then, the value of
money. For as long as money if the
recognized standard of value the
monetary sense must be developed,
because In no other way Is It pos
sible to grain an intelligent compre
hension of true values in other re
lations" of life.
We grown-up people of ordinary
means know how Important a part
the mone£ which we have to fall
back on plays In our success. It is
on account of this that some of us
are free to choose our work, and be
cause relieved of anxiety for the
morrow, to do our best to-day. But
we regard this knowledge as a bit
of grown-up wisdom, something to
be assumed with long gowns or long
trousers, sauce suitable for the goose
and gander, but too strong for the
goslings. i
I believe that children should be
taught the same lesson. And I
think that they should be instructed
practically, through investments of
their own, that money well invested
earns money without effort on the
part of its owner.
•Such teaching is as possible among
the poor as among the well-to-do.
An illustration of this came to my
attention a short time ago. A boy
who received 5 cents a morning for
sweeping a store was persuaded by
a member of a. Penny Savings So
ciety to put by. part of his earnings,
and later, when he had enough, to
open an account at a regular sav
ings bank. One time when he went
to make a deposit at the bank a few
cents' interest was put to his credit,^
and, delighted, he exclaimed: /
"There are a few cent 3 which I did not have to sweep for.
The corner-stone of his fortune was now laid, for henceforth he nad
a practical reason for saving.
It Is wonderful what the public school children of Chicago have done
with their pennies in some districts of the city since. In 180 S. the Board
of Kdudation decided that the teachers in the public schools might act as
agents for a Penny Savings Society. The very first year of the work the
children of a school in one of the poorer quarters of the city were able,
in spite of their poverty, to save, under the direction of the principal,
over $600 in the first six months.
The money that 1 hitherto had gone to the corner store for cigarettes
and gum and terra alba was used to buy boots and clothing and to help
pay the rent of many a family.
To know how to save is not enough, whatever your walk in life. You
must know also how to speqd.
I have Just read an article which exploits the methods by which Its
author saved $5000 in three year 3 on a salary of $18 a week. He did It
by working hard and living simply — two real virtues — and also by the les3
creditable means of loaning his savings at 2 per cent a month to Improvi
dent friends, salving his conscience for his transgression of the law by the
' fact that he charged less than the regular loan sharks did.
He boasts that he is making a success in life. Is he? In his whole ac
count of his hard-working but sordid career there is not one suggestion
of a eenerous action.
Money-grubbing is a mean kind of folly. It leads to nothing worth
ier than money-grubbing. Teach your children to save therefore not for
the mere sake of saving, but because thrift means, besides self-help, a
chance for generosity.
ANSWERS TO VARIOUS QUERIES.
PARSIFAL— H., City. The first time
that "Parsifal" was produced in the
United States was in the city' of New
York, December 24, 1903.
FIVE HUNDRED — X.. Oakland, Cal.
In the game of Five Hundred the party
bidding highest calls the suit and always
has the first count: the books being
counted after the hand is played. If A
has enough points to make up 500, B can
not count his points.
TREATY— O. S.. City. A treaty, no
matter in -which city made, takes its
name from .the locality in which it Is
signed. A treaty may be agreed upon
in the City of New York, but if signed
in the City of Washington, D. C, it be
comes the treaty of Washington.
GOT.D — F. F.. City. The estimate of
the United States Treasury Department
was that in IS7I the amount of gold in
circulation in the United States was 125,
000,000. The official figures from the same
department for the fiscal year ending
DAME FASHION'S MIRROR.
BLOUSE WITH DETACHABLE YOKE.
T?HERE ; are many occasions when a simple blouse may be made to do
1 duty as an evening, waist were' the yoke but of the detachable kind.
.Such a one 4 is pictured here. The material Is a white crepe de chine,
cut.wlth a jound neck, the lining of the closely fitted and' well-boned
variety, and the sopds shirred all around the decolletase/ Three graduated
tucksjun^all around, the -body, the fastening being effected in the back;
and the blouse dropping with. soft fullnesa Into the pointed corselet belt.
The. sleeve is n, loose puff to the elbow- three tucks running across the
forearm tomatch those on the body of the blouse, and a lace frill mak
ing a smart finish at the edge. The gulrape is fashioned with yoke and
deep seeye^ouff of .the crepe, or these may be of- lace or embroidery
or. of ribbons fagotted together with fancy stitches.
June 30 of the year named '"fired th«
amount at 520.000.t30).
CARDS — Reader, City. The latest work
on Stinnett*- says: "Incase a. call is not
made on the day at home, the caller
usually takes the requisite number of
cards from her case before ringing the
door bell. If she is a married woman
calling: upon a married woman who
has invited her recently to a dance or
dinner she takes two of her husband's
cards from her case with two of her
own. Her two cards are enough if slit*
asks to see the ladies, implying there
by her hostess and one or more daugh
ters. If the hostess is entertaining a
friend, a sister, her mother or a mar
ried daughter at the time, the lady
calling takes three of her own cards
and with these in her hands she
awaits the servant. Should the reply
to her question be "Not at home' sho*
hands the card to the maid and goes'
on. If the lady called on appears the
caller In passings out puts two of her
husband's cards in the hall tray."LARGE CONVENTION
OF CLUBS AT HAND
OPPOSED TO SUPERSTITION
Fewer Figures and More Facts Are Pleaded
For in Coming Conclave.
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
San Francisco has been honored with
the nfxi annual foregathering of the
Ban Francisco district of the California
Federation of Women's Clubs, which
will convene in California Club Hall,
1700 Clay street, on- November 13.
; Bad day? W'iiy, mooting: on the 13Ui
is a demonstration that superstition
is dead with the progressive clubwo
man — except when she breaks a look
lng--glaES — but that's different, you
kaow. She loses the mirror.
"W> all remember — sonic COO of vs —
the details of the last district meet
ing:, held iv Palo Alto. We recall the
delightful reception accorded the dele
gates from without the college town.
of the hospitality extended to them by
the women of the Palo Alto Woman's
Club; but we also recall, with a stifiod
groan, the ponderous, logy, soporific
reports that were unloaded upon us by
well meaning but misguided fellow
clubwomen, who believe the object of
the convention to elucidate all the de
tails of their club's housekeeping.
Now it is taken for granted that
rocr club's Internal affairs are proper
ly conducted, particularly as to
rnances — that your club officials look
after these matters in the natural dis
charge of their duties. Therefore go
ing Into a minute exposition of re
ceipts and disbursements of your clubs,
*unto the last penny, takes up valuable
time that were better spent getting
acquainted with one another.
" The object of the district meetings?
Primarily, to know what other wo
men are doing, and thus to gain in
spiration and encouragement in definite
work; but best of all. is the oppor
tunity offered to get acquainted with
women of different environments and
of necessarily different views. This is
the big thing accomplished by these
general meeting's, and the thing wo
men stand most in need of — this wid
ening of their visions.
Therefore it Is to be hoped that
when the programme is made out for
the coming convention the topics will
be= comprehensive, brief as is consist
c efit with intelligent presentation, and
thmt only r*ally important, vital mat
ters will be presented.
To be sure, these strictures are more
easily discussed than practiced, inasmuch
as every leader in every club in the dis
trict, like all specialists, is absolutely
and' unalterably convinced that her epe
*cial subject is of infinitely more value
than any other matter of club activity.
Hence the programme committee must '•
c l>e firm enough to say "no" when circum- i
render it necessary for the gen
eral jrood— and the general comfort—re
gardless of the fact that Mrs. A is likely
to»grow indignant and sputter about re
tinning if she. is not given a place upon
th* programme.
Moreover, it is to be hoped that the
programme committee will present speak
ers who can be heard. If a woman writes
a good paper, but has a "gentle Annie"
voice, let some one else read it who can
be heard. If a paper is interesting
enough to be presented to a convention it
'should be heard by all — and without
straining one's nerves to hear it. That
robs it of half its value, and robs the
wprld of a lot of good nature.
When women's conventions shall have
learned to be concise of speech, to elim
inate the irrelevant and the unimportant,
to sacrifice vanity to the general good
ar.d to loosen up socially, to unfurl the
academic brow and be "'good fellows" to- •
gether. without knocking, then shall Uto
j-ia, become our dwelling place.
And may the good time hasten!
Aiid a good time to begin is on Novem
ber 13, in the year of our Lord 1905.
' The "landmarks night" given on Tues
day o of last week by the Daughters of
California Pioneers at Pioneer HaJI was
an amazing success, educationally, so
cially and financially. And, thanks tc
Mrs. Sidney S. Palmer, Mrs. E. F. Foster,
Mi^- liorte, Mrs. E. P. Schell. Miss McGill
and the rest of the energetic daughters,
AUVEKTI^KaiEyTS.
WHY DOCTORS FAIL
AND lARS. PINKHAM SUCCEEDS
Plain Reasons Are Here Given to Explain
Why Lydla E. Pinkham'* Vegetable Com-
pound Cures When Doctors Are Powerless
A woman is sick ; some d isease peculiar
to her sex is fast developing in her sys-
tem. She g"oos to her family physician
and tells him a story, but not tlie whole
Story.
She holds something 1 back, loses her
head, becomes agitated, forgets what
Khe wants to say, and finally conceals
what she ought to hare told, and thus
completely mystifies the doctor.
Is it any wonder, therefore, that the
doctors fail to cure the disease ? Still
wecatfnot blame the woman, for it is
rerv«embaxrassing to detail some of the
symptoms of her suffering, even to her
family physician.
It was for this reason that years ago
Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., de-
termined to step in and help her sex.
Having bad cdnsiderable experience in
treating female ills with her Vegetable
Compound, she encouraged the women
of America to write to her for advice in
regard to their complaints, and being a
woman, it was easy for her ailing sis-
ters to pour into her ears every detail
of their suffering.
In this way she was abla to do for
them what the physicians were unable
to do, 6imply because she had the
proper information to work upon, and
from the little group of women who
sought her advice years ago a great
army of her fellow-beings are to-day
constantly applying for advice and re-
lief, and the fact that many thou-
sands of them have been cured by
following the advice of Mrs. Pinkham
during the last year is indicative of the
grand results which are produced by
£er unequaled experience and training.
No physician in the world has had
such a training, or has such an amount
of information at hand to assist in the
treatment of all kinds of female ills,
from the simplest local irritation to
the most complicated womb diseases,
This, therefore, is the reason why
Mrs. Pinkham. in her laboratory at
Lynn, Mass., Is able to do more for the
ailing women of America than the
family physician. Any woman, there-
fore, is responsible for her own suffer-
ing who will not take the trouble to
write to Mrs. Pinkham for advice.
The testimonials which we are con-
stantly publishing from grateful wo-
men establish beyond a doubt the
power of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
coxmxrand*to conouer female difieafift*.
it is believed that $250 will be turned over
to the Landmarks League to help put a
j roof upojj Mission San Antonio, in Mon
terey County.
\u25a0 The i-rdure upon "California's Historic
I I^a»d:nark?," by Congressman Jost'ph R.
; Knowland. with more than one hundted
! superb views, was attended by over 500
| guests, and to tho honor of San Francisco
be it said that the lecture, drew twice
more people than either whist or live
i hundred— it really looking as if the people
• of our city were awakening to an appre
j elation o*. their own history- and had set
j about acquiring a speaking acquaintance
with it. And so there was joy in the
hearts of the Landmarks Leaguers, not
! only for the dollars, which are necessary.
j but for the interest demonstrated in the
| State's history, which until the last few
years has been neglected by Californlans,
and by otherwise intelligent Californians,
to a shameful degree.
But there's light ahead!
-\u25a0; :• \u25a0•'-\u25a0• • •
Apropos of the awakening: interest in
California history and landmarks, it is
interesting to note that the Papyrus Club
and* the Contemporary Club each mailed
a check of $5 to* the Pioneers' Daughters
for the Landmarks League's work of
I safeguarding the famous old San Antonio
Mission.
•• • -
To-morrow the California Club will have
| the honor of greeting Professor Wolle,
i who has come among: us as the professor
I of music at Berkeley. The club will also
have the honor of meeting Mrs. Wolle,
who has already made many friends in
the college town to which she and her
husband have recently been called.
As chairman of the 'music section, Mi^s
Juliet Greninger will be hostess, assisted
!by Mr?. Aylette S. Cotton, the club's
I president
Inasmuch as the bill creating a fund for
the establishment .of a choir of music in
Berkeley originated with Miss Julia Gren
' inger in the little Irving Club, it is emi
nently felt that she should gTeet the man
who has come west to occupy the chair.
A musical programme will be presented
to-morrow, which promises to be the red
letter day of the October calendar.
• • •
Those who were wise enough to attend
the Taft and the Zueblin lectures at the
California Cliib have been mentally en
riched and charmingly entertained.
As for the Taft lecture— which was cul
tural and fascinating, both In subject and
treatment— that is gone, as Mr. Taft left
for the North yesterday morning, unhap
pily denying San Francisco a chance to
greet him. Perhaps when h*e comes back
this eminent sculptor may be persuaded
to stop over, and get acquainted with
some of our artist folk, clubwomen and
other people who would like to know him.
\u25a0 • '"\u25a0•'.'* •
With the Zueblin lectures we are luck
ier, for those who were unfortunate
enough not to have heard this young pro
fessor from the Chicago University may
do so next Wednesday night, when he
will talk upon "The Training of a Citi
zen."
While it is possible that some of the
California Club mothers — Mrs. Aylette
Cotton, for instance, who has been a fa
mous success of citizen-training— might
give the young sociologist a few practical
points upon the subject, nevertheless the
talk should be heard by every mother,
father and teacher in San Francisco.
Mr. Zueblin is as finished a lecturer and
just as charming as Henry Morse Ste
phens — no higher compliment can I pay
him, for I know none more finished or
charming. And he tells a little story just
as "cute" as does Professor Stephens,
who, though an Englishman, can serve
up a story in a fashion that doesn't need
a diagram.
While it is true that Mr. Zueblin comes
from the University of Chicago, he
doesn't "smell of oil." In fact, his doc
trines are the antitheses of Rockefeller
ism. He lectures Wednesday night at the
California Club hall. 1750 Clay street, at
8:15 o'clock. Tickets 50 cents, or $2 for the
remaining course of five lectures upon
civic subjects.
"•_"' •'.-\u25a0./.* '.'^ * .',
The literary and dramatic section of the
California Club. Mrs. Will A. Maddern
leader, presents the following:
"The section of literature and drama
will meet to study and discuss the
thoughtful plays of the New York and
London seasons. These plays will be con
sidered first as drama and second as lit
erature, with readings selected to illus
trate both viewpoints. The object of. the
section Is not to entertain its members,
but to arouse an intelligent enthusiasm
Jn the play form and the idea which ani
mates it."
.In accordance with this interesting
proclamation of intention, the section will
on Thursday next discus Maeterlinck;
Monna Vanna, Madame Emilie Tojetti,
Mrs. James C. Crawford and Miss Elinor
Croudace to lead in the discussion.
The lines, of the drama will be Inter
preted by Ernest Glendenning of the Al
cazar and Mabel Duffy and Robert Law
lor of the Majestic.
•- • •
The California branch of the Collegiate
Alumnae held Its monthly luncheon at
the California Club house on Saturday,
Mrs. Adolphus Graupner presiding with
charming grace.
It was Wellesley day— eight Wellesley
graduates being present at the board. The
toasts were reminiscent of college days
and were prefaced by Dr. Mary Roberts
Smith Cwbo at one time was a member
of the faculty) in four rousing Wellesley
songs. Dr. Smith accompanied herself
upon a tiny stringed instrument, and was
unquestionably the moving spirit of a
very charming affair.
The afternoon was given over to a dis
cussion by Ng Peon Chew, editor of the
San Francisco Chinese Daily, upon "The
Exclusion Act and the Commercial Boy
cott." To say that some of the gentle
man's views were startling is putting it
mildly.
• \u2666 •
The Forum Club will enjoy Its monthly
luncheon on Wednesday, to be followed
by a burlesque, "Exhibition at Cross Road
School," Mrs. F. M. Wrieht leader.
On the following Wednesday, Frederick
Burk, principal of the San Francisco Nor
mal School, will lecture upon "The First
Steps In Education" — this an enviable
treat to. Forum members, as Mr. Burk is
a philosopher upon educational matters.
Invitations "are already out for the fa
mous annual reception of the club, which
ranks as one of the eleeant affairs of
clubdom. - ,
• * *
The Papyrus Club, Mrs. W. S. Leake
president, presented Its usually clever
programme on Thursday last, when the
following numbers were offered: Piano
solo. Miss Clara V. Rauhut ; violin solo,
Miss Bertina Boffa; character impersona
tions, Mrs. Weingardner Blanchard; so
prano solo, Mrs. Martin Schultz; flute
solo. Miss May Ludlow. Mrs. Blanche
King Arnold served ars chairman of the
day.
• • \u2666: ,
The Association of Pioneer Women, Mrs.
Agnes Macdonald president, will hold its
regular monthly meeting " November 3 at
2 p. m. in Golden Gate Hall, when the in
*i-alla.tion of officers - will take place.
THE \ SAX FRANCISCO : GALL, -MONDAY; \u25a0 OCTOBER:: 30;
OCTOBER BRINGS THE COUNTRY
SOJOURNERS BACK TO TOWN.
Cupid Is Resting
' Upon His \u25a0
T r^n pq 1 cl!
ClulJ Festivities
and Cotillons
Popular. '
Each week swells the calendar of
events social, weddings and house par-:
ties making the most prominent showing.
The clubs are becoming lively, in the con
test for card prizes, while dancers are
eagerly gathering every week or fort
night for indulgnce in "the fascinating
two-step and waltz. \u25a0
EXGAGEMEXTS.
The engagement reception of Miss Ci
cilia Ciller and Joseph Simon will take
place at the home, of Mr. and Mrs. Ciller
on November 5.
WEDDIXGS.
Miss Gertrude Tuttle of Boston and
Charles D. Rhodes of this city were mar
ried at the residence of the Rev. William
Kirk Guthrie, pastor of the First Pres
byterian Church, last Tuesday evening,
in the presence of a few personal friends,
Rev. Mr. Guthrie officiating. After the
ceremony the party went to tho residence
of Mr. and Mrs. Rhodes on Oak street
prepared for the coming of the newly
wedded couple. After greeting:* and con
gratulations Mr. and Mrs. Rhodes left
on a bridal tour. Some time will be
passed in Monterey and In other coast
towns and cities. Mrs. Rhodes is the
daughter of a Boston banker. She has
visited the Pacific Coast frequently and,
while in this city, became acquainted' with
Mr. Rhodes, who is a civil ! engineer,
prominently identified with the engineer
ing department of the Southern Pacific
Company, by which he has been employed
a numbr of years.
Miss Alexandra Douglas and Felipe
Rodriguez were married last Wednesday
evening In Guadalupe Church by Rev.
Father Antonio M. Santandreu. The
bride was attended by, Miss Maria Doug
las, with Dr. Eustogio Calderon as best
man, Ismael Douglas giving his sister
Into the groom's keeping. Through the
service beautiful organ music was played
by Professor S. Arrillega. The illumina
tion of the altars was beautiful.
The groom is the Nlcaraguan Consul
in this city.
The marriage of Miss Eva M. l^ller and
Vernon Wilson was celebrated in this city
October 22, Rev. E. L. Walz, pastor
Fourth Congregational Church, perform
ing the ceremony.
Miss Lillian Rossi and William Rich
ards of Santa Barbara were married on
October 10 at the home of the bride's sis
ter, Mrs. Louise Gliddon. 826 Shotwell
street. Rev. Dr. White officiated.
Leading the way to a huge wedding bell
was the little ring bearer. Myrtle Emer
son. Through the ceremony weeding mu
sic was played by a string orchestra.
Miss Gertrude Gliddon, a niece of the
bride, acted as maid of honor, \u25a0; Dr. Mor
rison of Richmond serving the groom.
A small reception followed,,. at which
were present: Mr. and Mrs. Gilinan, Mrs.
Keating, Mr. and Mrs. F. Emerson, Miss
Gertrude Gliddon, Mrs. L. Gllfidon, Mr.
and Mrs. McShane, Dr. Morrison, Messrs.
Gatto, Stoniolo, Seligsohn and Harback.
A pretty home wedding was celebrated
on Saturday evening October 21, when
Miss Josephine Christensen be<iame the
bride of John Sherman Blanton. The
guests were limited to the immediate rela
tives. After a trip through tho Interior
of this State, Mr. and Mrs. Blanton will
make this city their permanent abode.
Much interest is . aroused in the ap
proaching nuptials of Miss Edythe Cro
sett and George M. Davis. The bride is
the youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
James F. Crosett of Alameda, a charming
and accomplished young lady. Mr. Davis
is a young attorney "of San Francisco,
who in a few years has won an excellent
standing at the bar.
The wedding will take place at the First
Congregational Church of Alameda on
Tuesday evening, October 31. Rev. Hitch
cock will officiate. The bride will be at
tended by Mrs. Richard G. Elrick as
matron of honor. Miss Emilie Gherini,
Miss Minnie Sullivan, Miss Jessie Strad
ling and Miss Laura Perry aa brides
maids. Robert E. Davis, a brother of the
groom, will serve as best man. _ The ush
ers will be: Charles R. Holton, Alex
ander McCullich, Richard G. Elrick and
James M. Owens.
After a reception at the home of the
bride's parents, 1533 Union street, the
young couple will depart for ia trip
through Southern California, after which
they will make their home in San Fran
cisco. .
Miss Loretta Echeverria and Cyrus La
Bree were married on the evening of
Friends interested In the association are
welcome at the close of the business meet-
An attractive programme was ! given at
Cap and Bells Club on Thursday after
noon, October 26, wherein some of San
Francisco's foremost talent participated.
The programme, : under the : direction of
Miss Elsie Tooker and Miss Grace Free
man, was as follows: Tyrolean airs, (Ros
sini), Club's Orchestra; Miss Tooker, ; dl
'rector; Mrs. M. O. Austin, guitars; Mrs.
M. Babin, Mrs. G. C. Barnhardt, Mrs. S. P.
Blumenberg, Mrs. E. P. Heald.'i Vocal
solos — "Immerbeider Raff," "The Lady
Picking Mulberries," Miss Ruth Powers,
accompanied by M. Salln. Piano solos—
"Etude" (Henselt). "VaJse" (Op/ 42, Cha
pin). Miss Rita Slater. Cello solos—"An
dante" (Goltermann), ; Frank Howard,
accompanied by Mr. Horse. Sonjjs— "God
Keep the Dearest" (Upton), "Frublings
zert" (Becker), Miss Elsie Arden; accom
panist Miss L. Uoton. ,
Shakespearean Section, under ) Miss E.-
Croudace, will discuss the subject "King
Lear" on the second Thursday lof next
month.' 'An informal .: luncheon^ Jwlll; be
served on that day and current topics will
also bo discussed.
•• • •
On Thursday, October 12, the Corona
Club devoted the afternoon to the study
of two theologians, Philips : Brooks and
Rev. Henry Jackson' Van : Dyke. \u0084,The
meeting opened with a piano solo by Miss
Flora Walton, followed ; byj current events
by the club. The paper, on Philips Brooks
was given by Mrs. ' J. D.' Jessup,~ after
which ; appropriate anecdotes 'and quota
tions were given by club members. Mrs.
Olive A; Brown read ; the paper, '> on Dr.
Van , Dyke.Vaf ter jwhich Mrs. : A. ; V. Barry
read eelectlons . from his \u25a0 poems.' J Anec
dotes and quotations j f 0119 wed. .' The vocal
music consisted , of solos* charmingly, ren
dered by, Miss Gittle. , ; - "It
The Corona Club enjoyed a dtlightf ul
afternoon on Thursday, October, J26, - the
occasion -being:: a Cecllian^ recital,* under
the direction of , Byron i Mauzy. r T t be solo
ists were Miss Millie Flyrin, soprano, 7 and
R.T; E. :..!G. r keene,". basso, 7 ; , with, liG^
M. Mark at s the -Cecllian. .Jn \Udditlon
dramatic readings .were r given ; by ; Miss
Ella ;. Mac < Hink, pupil . of' Agnej;.' Marie
Noonan. \ -\u25a0 " '••\u25a0-\u25a0/- -Jj '
October IS at St.. Mary's Cathedral, Rev.
Father Carraher of St. Francis Church
performing the; ceremony. Mr. and Mrs.
La Bree are spending their honeymoon
in Southern California:' "i
The marriage . of Miss Grace Elsinger,
second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Elsinger of St. Paul, Minn., and Julius C.
Lang of Seattle, Wash., will take .place
at the residence of the bride's parents on
Wednesday, November 15, at : 5:30 o'clock.
HOME PARTIES.
Miss Hazel E. Dodge was the recipient
of a surprise party on the occasion of her
sixteenth birthday, October 22,« the af
fair taking place at the home of Mrs.. G.
C. Dawson, 3408 California street. Music
and : dahein«r occupied a greater part of
the evening. Th*» following were present:
Miss Elthol Roberts, " Miss Irene White.
Miss Hazel Hanjes, Miss .Ella Sawyer,
Miss Mai ie Schranz, Mrs. " Virginia Ed
minster, Mrs. G. C. Dawson, Mrs. M. iR.
Dodge, Robert Fuller, Lee Roberts, Ralph
Donohue, Milton White, Seth Roberts,
Clarence Dawson, George Weiss, H. "\V.
Dodge, B. Hardmann, Horace' Bardwell,
Charles Jcllison, Mr. Lynch, Fred Ernst,
G. Dawson and O. M. Edminster. \u0084
Miss Jessie Goldberg was at home last
Sunday evening at 1043 Valencia street In
honor of her cousin, Miss Louise'Meyer of
Napa. Among the guests who assembled
wore Misses Louise Meyer, Jeanette Uri,
Ethel Moses, Fannie , Sugarman, : Julia
Uri, Carrie Alback, Beckie Sterling, Myrl
Colby, Frances Levin, Gussie Silver, Hat
tie Levin, Tessie Sterling, Stella Goldberg,
Helen Green and Jessie Goldberg; Harry
Marks, Bradford Sugarman, Albert Si
mon, Solomon Green, Louis Levin, Na
than Bibs, Irvin Green, Gilbert Dean,
Bernie Sterling, Max Sterling and Victor
Stram. \u25a0 '.-."\u25a0
Mrs. G. E. Mansfield, formerly of San
Francisco, was the recipient of a pleasant
surprise party Friday evening,, October
20, at her country home near Napa Soda
Springs, the occasion being the anniver
sary of her birthday. Parlor games and
music occupied the greater part of the
evening. After supper the guests partici
pated in a dance, which lasted till a late
hour. The following were in attendance:
Miss Sophie Werth, Miss Efflo Miller,
Miss Emma Krlner. Miss Elizabeth Stev
ens, Miss Kathleen Stevens, Miss Tillie
Wcrth, Miss Bertha Stevens, Miss Rose
Stevens, Oakland; . Arthur jj Mansfield,
Napa; Alfred Mansfield, Suisun; Ernest
Ludwig, Napa; J. Graves, Arno Mansfield,
San Francisco; Masters Winfleld and
Richard Mansfield, Mr. and Mrs. W. B.
Krlner, Sausalito; Mr. and Mrs. P. A.
Stevens, Mr. and Mrs. A. Werth, and Mr.
and Mrs. G. E. Mansfield.
Miss M. Robinett was hostess at her
home in Sunset last Wednesday evening,
entertaining very pleasantly the follow
ing guests: The Misses Laura . Burris,
Mary H. Harper, Rose W. Gerard, Grace
L. Robinett, Jean True and Minnie Beck,
Messrs. Otto Geiss, Charles H. White,
George Beck, Henry N. Clif t, Charles H.
Harper, Walter zeiss, Will Robinett, Bert
Harper, and Tom Robinett, Mr. and Mrs.
William Beck, Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Rob
inett and Professor Sidalsky.
Lieutenat William Price, recently retired
from the San Francisco Police Depart
ment, after twenty-eight years' service,
gave a banquet Tuesday evening at his
home in honor of the members of his old
company. 'Company D. of the Mission dis
trict. Covers were laid for seventy guests
and the house was beautifully decorated
with ferns and flowers. The banquet
room was bright with Japanese, lanterns,
flags and 'the American colors. Walker
'Graves ; -tvSa" r loa'stmaster. • ...
The members of Company D presented
the retired lieutenant with-; a handsome
gold watch charm, a star ] appropriately
engraved and_ sej^wlth a large diamond.
Among the. guests were Cnief Dlnan, Po
lice \u25a0 Commissioners Poheim, Drinkhouse,
Reagan and O'Grady, .Captains Anderson,
Gleason, Splllane, Martin Mooney, Duke
and Burnett, Lieutenant Tobin, Walker
Graves, Captain .Donovan, Dr. Sullivan
and , Messrs. , Cresswell, Despeaux, Fair
field, Glanlnnl, Boyne, Morgan and Mc-
Clelland.
Miss Alice Tibbets entertained last
Wednesday evening at her home in
Oakland on the occasion of her birth
day. Music was a special feature of
the evening. The guests included:
Miss Belle Wilson, Miss S. Skilly, Miss
Fanny Buckman, Miss.E. Hansen, Miss
G. Allen, Miss C. Jardon, Miss B. Allen,
Miss Smith, Miss Edna Bakers, Miss
Belle Christian, Miss Lilllo Viggy, Miss
Alice Tibbets, Mrs. Dr. V.: A. Durick,
Air*. Bert Hall, Mrs, Stanley Dollar,
Mrs. Charles Hodgman, Mrs. George
Tibbets, Charles "Wilson, Elmer Kilgore,
Eddie Skilly, Richard Wach, E. J. Hass
further, Bert Hope, George Tibbets Jr.,
George Tibbets, E. Hunt," Bert Hall,
Stanley Dollar, Mr. Wold, Jerome
Reese, Charles Butler/Benjamin Buck
man, A. Skilly, S. Buckman. :
The fifth wedding, anniversary of Mr.
and \u25a0: Mrs. W. H. Hendricks was cele
brated? a few evenings ago at their
home on street, a surprise be r
Ing given^them by the Bozo Club, which
was laden with wooden gifts appro
priate to the occasion.: •:
A merry time followed with the dis
tribution -of various articleslof utility
and ornamentation.
The guests who originated the suc
cessful affair included Mr. and Mrs. : C.
A. Robinson, Mr. and Mra. Frank
Koenig, Mr. and Mrs. William Crocker,
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Scott,: Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Schroth, Mr. and Mrs. Little,
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes and Mr. and Mrs.
H. H.*" Young.
'\u25a0 Mrs. Wesley R. Bartley will enter
tain at' a hallowe* en party to-morrow
evening In honor of her, guest, Miss May
Hanley, who Is visiting her from Den
ver. ,
On October 23 the members of the
Ladies' Twentieth Century Club gave a
surprise party to celebrate the seventy
second birthday of one of their mem
bers, Mrs. Sophio Lauterbach, who re
cently; moved to her new, homo at 2000
Woolsey street, South Berkeley. Sing
ing, music and dancing made the even--
Ing pass quickly.
CLUB AFFAIRS.
Mrs -James T. Donovan entertained the
Lincoln Whist Club at her home last
Wednesday. Those scoring the
were: Mrs. A. B. Magulre, Mrs.C. Thur
man' and F.R.; Koenig. Following the'
game was, music contributed by Mrs. C.
F. Geggus and Miss Edith , Donovan.; -
The next meeting will take place at the
home of Mrs; O. 80zi0. ".,: . V; : "
The '" Haworth Dramatic Club gave-. a
presentation ? of the military drama, "The
Rancher's " Daughters," in ; Mission Music
Hall Hast Tuesday evening. In ', the. cast
were' included: • M'ss Mac ; Starkweather,
Miss .Lillian • Lineer, Miss ; Laura \ Cheese
rrian, Miss Mabel Bateman, Walter C. Els
enschlmel.:Walter.: A. '}. Rivers, George N.
Morgan, James Clute. M. Josephs, "Adrian
Metzger, Walter McCoglan. : : %
v The 'Arlon, Whlsl Club held its monthly
meeting last ; Friday; evening, in ' the : new"
hall \' at V727 Mission > street.. Prizes 1 were
awarded ,tol Mrs. ' Zech, Miss Wllkins, Mr.
Baltzer and : Mr. Templeman. ' ; ,
" The California Violets will hold their.
' Try the United , States .; Laundry.? 1 004
Market streets. Telephone South' 42o.^ ••
OASTORW
i For Infa^B; and' Children, v
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signattiroof \-&a&nt. J&Zc&Ati
I ; B^bat College Girls Eat . I
7 By MRS. S. T. RORER \
\ An investigation by Mrs. Rorer. Do you
know how your girl lives away from home?
Two other good features:
Good Things for the Thanksgiving Table
SUGGESTED BY
HESTER PRICE and JANET McKENZIE HILL
/ When Unexpected Company Comes V
By MRS. S.T. RORER I
A All in the NOVEMBER Number of (/
/ The Ladies' Hqme Journal \\
1 5 Cents a Copy at All Dealers /
\ THE CURTIS PUBLISHING COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA, PA. (/
second danee • for the season at Golden
Gate Hall next Sunday evening.
PERSONALS.
Mrs. Charles H. Mentz leaves to-day for
Southern California for a month's visit.
Miss Lottie Light, who is the guest of
her sister, Mrs. Philip Sellg, at 1330 Mc-
Allister street, will leave for her home in
New York November 5.
Mrs. C. Breslauer has moved to 1634
Buchanan street, and with her daughter,
Miss Leona Breslauer, will be at home
Friday evenings., \u0084.,/i ..,..",,. . ., .
Mrs. Edward 'B.'/Howefton of Los An
geles and her daughter, Mrs. William A.
Limbaugh of this city, have been sojourn
ing at Byron Springs for the past three
weeks. Mrs. : Howerton will be the guest
of Mrs. , Llmbaugh in . San Francisco be
fore returning- to her home.
Dr. and Mrs. F. B. Sutherland have re
turned from their trip, abroad.
Terry Hamilton and Dr. Alfred B.
Grosse left on Monday for the East. After
a short stay in New York they will take '\u25a0
their departure for Europe. Four or five
months will be spent on the Continent.
Miss Theresa Draghlcevich has returned :
from a visit. to the, City of Mexico and is
accompanied :by her sister, Mrs. Annie
Fabbl." ;\u25a0 ".;\u25a0\u25a0.-•., i'V"""- I
FOREIGN COMMERCE WILL
EXCEED BILLION MARK
Government Bulletin Shows Vast Total
of Trade for the Present -
Year. .
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— A bulletin
issued by the Bureau of Statistics of
the Department of .Commerce and La
bor estimates that the foreign co*m
merce of the United _ States for the
calendar year 1905 will amount to
more than a billion dollars. For the
nine, months ended: in September the
imports of materials for use in manu
facturing amounted to $422,000,000 and
the exports- of manufactures to $424,
000.000. :
Manufacturing material Imported in
the nine months ' of 1905 were prac
tically twice as great in valne as In
the ; corresponding period of 1890.
while manufactures exported during
this same time* were practically four
times as great as in the corresponding
period of 1890. v*v
COLLARBONE BROKEN IN FIGHT.— John
Smith, a marine fireman, living at 38 Clay
street, got mixed up In a free .-\u25a0 fight on - Pa
cific street early yesterday morning and had
his left collarbone broken. He was taken to
tho Harbor Emergency Hospital by Policeman
Ogden, and later to his home. . \u25a0 . y.
; Colic and stomach troubles are avoid*
"ed by 1 using Mellin's ' • Food for the
baby. ; • Mellin's I Food being soluble,
.easily digested and very nourishing,
, < Mellin's Food ; babies • are ; free from
colic and stomach troubles. Try a
* bottle : of: Mellin's Food and prove it
to ; your own satisfaction.
; We .will send you a sample of Mellin's Food
free of charge. ..:;.'. •
Mellin's Food Is the ONL T Infants*
Foad. which received the Grand Prize, -
the highest award m( the Lsnlsiana Pnr-
chate Exposition, St. L»ai*. ISO 4. fiigh-
tr than a gold aedaL •
: MELLIN'S FOOD C 0.,? BOSTON, MASS.
: Compressed ; Air, cleaning planL
. \u25a0, Room telephones. ..* .;. :
. Steam heat : and open flrea,
I £ Perfect ; ventilation.*.- "-' . ,
•" Pipe organ'? and orchestra
.;--; Perfect f servlce.T'r ; ~ t^ .-"- I , \\- : .
.-;' Unexc«lled r ~ cuisine. "\u25a0- : \u25a0
: Every, luxury • attainable.'
\u25a0 : Mh I Bf. B /fa. .' Ammunition, : Hunting . and
\u25a0IB Blftlm. Sporting Goods. Largest
I m I' l lII '^W stock. Lowest prices. Send
\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a01 for catalogue. ; \u25a0 :\u25a0 :.; •••-:
UWI « Wf SHREVE : & BARBER CO..
\ , ,; -:/;, :-T!iCA 139 Market ; st.. and 821; -
• ; ; Kearny st." -
AJIUSEMEXTS.
GRAND OPERA
Performance begins at 8 o'clock Sharp.
POSITIVELY
Last Week of TETRAZZINI
TO-MORROW NIGHT & SATURDAY MAT..
LAST TIMES
"With TETRAZZINI, Bazelll, Gregoretti.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
With Coppola, Moreo. Tied, Gravina. Dado.
THURSDAY NIGHT.
Ti A 'JLMrtt A \7 B AT'A
Wlth TETRAZZINI, Bazelll. Grecorettl.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS.
ivrr^TiivrA
SEATSOOrN r SALE for all PERFORMANCES.
NOTE—- NEXT WEEK'S REPERTOIRE
-WILL BE AXXOU.XCED IX TO-MOR-
ROW MORNING'S PAPERS.
GRAND SSSig
2 'iSt, TO-NIGHT
Matinees "Wed." and Sat. Each Week— Election
Day Matinee. Tuesday, Nor. 7.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S STUPENDOUS
seats Now on Sale
Prices.' $2. $1.50. $1, 75c and 50c.
Seat 9 for Second Week READY THURSDAY.
cKtiFQI?..!!/.
" BUSH STREET **
CHAS. P. HALL. Manager. Phone Main 127.
THIS EVENING— ALL WEEK.
Matinees Tuesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
The Famous Extravaganza Company,
"JOLLY GRASS WIDOWS."
• Forty : Talented People.: Bis Chorus.
M'LLE. GUICHARD, CHAS. J. BURKHARDT,
MURRAY J. SIMONS, MAE YUIR, THOMP-
SON A. LAIIRANCK. BUSH AND GORDON.
PINARD AND WALTERS.
Prices — Evenings.\ 15c. 25c; 33c~ 50c, "3c
All Reserved.
Matinees— 2sc, reserved. No higher.
Next — .WASHINGTON SOCIETY GIRLS.
A-T-ir* AT A TI Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR :'£«ssi
- . . General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND. SUN.
THE SENSATION OF NEW
YORK AND LONDON.
\u25a0XRTS
Aa Played ' by • Virginia Hnrned.
MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
Eves., 25c to ".oc; Mats. Sat.. Sun.. 25c to 60c.
NEXT 31 0.\"D A Y — Hroadhursfi Farce
WHY SMITH LEFT HOME
FULL RETURNS ELECTION NIGHT.
Sooii-rnE LITTLE MINISTER.
GENTRAL^
Market Street. Near Eighth. Opposite City Hall
V Phone South 636. - , ;
THIS EVENING— ALL WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Famous Montana' Melodrama, -
Bit HEARTED llffl
PR1CE5.......... ....... .Evening5. 10c to 50c
Matinees.. 10c, 15c, 25c
Next— "UNCLE TOM'S CA BIN."
llßilPiMiißfi
AMUSEMENTS. \
COLUMBIA iT^S
10-Kight— KNIGHTS OF GOLUM "US
THEATER PARTY, last llns ANBRIW
MACK in "TOM M00.1E."
Tues.. Wed., Thurs.. Ftl. and Sat. Night*.
Matinee Saturday.
ANDREW MACK
In Edward E. Rose's Romantic Irish Pl*».
THE WAYTO KENMARE
Hear the Song Gems of This Production.
Next Monday — Henry W. Savage Will OCer
Plxley and Luders' Musical Comedy,
THE PRINCE OF PILSEN
Jess Dandy and Big Company — Seats Thursday.
Recotd-Breaking Mtrantinng!
Three Slaters Maearte: Prelle*s Euro-
pean .Vnvdtyi . Mr. and 3lrs. Ed-
ward Esraomle; Twelve Broomstick
Witches: Raymond and Caverly;
Clayton. Jenkins and Jasper; O'Brien
and Buckley t Sienorlna Verera. and
Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 10c. 23c and 50e.
MAJESTIC tT
TO-NIGHT A\D ALI* THIS WEEK.
Matinees Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
...THE NEILLS...
In Augustln Daly's Laughable Comedy.
THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
NEXT WEEK— First time on any stags of a
new version of the famous Santa Clara Col-
lege Play.
"THE LIGHT ETERXAL."
A Story of Love and Faith, by Martin V.
Merle.
Evenings. 23c, 50c. 73c. Sat. Mat.. 23c. 00c.
Bargain Mats. Thnrs. and Sun.. 25c everywhere
! ~~" '.
Bothwell Browne's Gaiety Girls
And a Splendid . Show Every Afternoon
and Evening; In tbe Theater.
RIDE OX. THE CIRCLE SWKTGt •'•
VISIT THE JOffifSTOWN FLOOD!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY!
RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
ADMISSSION.....IOC | CHILDREN Bo
SEE THE BABIES IS THE* INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
Los Angdcs Times
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE
IS NOW IN
Room 41, Chronicle Bldg.
Telephone Main 1473.
Arthur L. Fish, Representative f
The Times !s the advertising
medium of the Southwest. !
al)r.a I)r. Gibbon^ Dispensary^
629 KEAKXT ST. rutab'.lahf-d
In 1*«34 for the treatment nt PrlrnU
D!wme%. I.<it t AtanncxHi. Debility or
dUeasetreariDKon body »nrt nilnrt and
Sk»n DiJhf»s** Tbe Doctor cures w»i«n
others fail.' Try turn. - rbtrrts low.
(Mrnnnarnntffd. Ollorwrl/*.
Dr. dU JT. «I BBOSi. Baa Traaotao*. Csi>
78
PEOPLE WHO DO NOT READ ADS ArtE
JOHN U. SI'Kl-XKKI .S :'.'. 'Proprietor
HAdrcss cJnunuJsJcatlons to
JoaXJMcXAfiiHT -
\V. J. MAKTI S~?J \u25a0 ffii Bu^i7iesST3ianqger
rublicatlon Offic ...!£*« m™M^Z
Kooks 21. to 221 Storcnson st.
DcliUn* t,v C,rric Jt 1:0 Ct.. Per Ucc^. 75
T^%> r M^lry^c^ S ( C B^%V,th
DULY CALL. «nU*»i.*Srnday). 1 >"«"\u25a0•>\u2666?•£?
\u0084,;/;v cat- rteciud. fj™**y£s rjos "' »?
5-Ai'l.V CALL— Hy s:r.«:.- M .nt.i w «;'-
c'.M-AY CALL. ! Vtat ?£,
V-KTKLT CALI~ 1 Vi*r iv
' - r Sttlr .-««-«> P«r Vesr Kxira
Ft>SEIGN J iui'iay 4.15 Ftr Year Extia
i-OSTAGE. . "v/e'V v . 1.-J Per Year Extra
\u0084 • roSTMASTERS AUK AUTHOF.IZED
fc.ji.pl. Copie. ».:! be f.rwarced when re-
» dr^^^SS?#^H^f
e Wt h ffi^
OAKLAN I> OFF 10.6 \u25a0 ,»~,
1016 Broadtray Telephone Ma:n 1083
ALAMEDA OKFICE:
14U5 Park E:reet. Ntar Eanta C.ara Avenue.
Phone Alameda \u25a0 559.
BEJiKELEY OfFICE:
214* Center stieet...v Telepbore North 7T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E CRANE libtiO Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
We'.dorf -Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. 31
Vtl.n liurray Hii: Hotel; Fifth-avenue
]: \u25a0 \u25a0: and Hoffman House.
.CHICAGcf NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hou»e: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Trcn.oDt House; Auditorium
Hctel; F*!rrer Hous*.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOHGE KEOGNESS. Martjuette Building
(Long Dlfclanc* Telephone. "Central 2819.'")
NEW YORK REI'KESEKTATIVE:
o STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
' NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Squar*
BUEIKI— S OFFICE of the San Fraxdaco CalL
comer Market and Third streeU; open until
12 o'clock every eight In the year*
BRANCH OFFICES:
I** Market etrret, oppoaite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
* SM Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. ra.
810 Hayes street; open ur.tll 8:30 p. m.
«\u25a0 GJ*.« McAlliEter *treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
€:•'• L&rk!r. street; open until 8:30 p. m.
:r>ll Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
lOR Eleventh etreft; open until 9 p. m.
lose Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open uctll 9 p. m.
2£<X> Flllmore street; open ur.tll S p. ra.
»: :i J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
ur.tll S p. m. • :*':. -- f
MEETIXG NOTICES.
iSISSION Commanderj- No. 41, K. T. —
t-\&iet assembly THIS (MONDAY) *[A,P
EVENING at 6 o'clock. Mission Ma- ICJJ
sonic Temple. Order -of the Temple. 'SP /
All fraters cordially invited. By order of the
Commander.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Recorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •»
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. VSf
Degrees 5 and 6.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
CXXIIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. j[
M. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING etYY
7 :SO o'clock. Third degree. Master /VX
« Ma«ons coriilally Invited. By order of
the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodee No. 260. F. «~~"
an 4 A. M., IS>3 Fillmore «t.— Third x\f
deg!-ee THIS (MONDAY) EVENING /V>
ct 7:30 o'clock.
* « HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
c TKE California Debris Commission having re-
cHved applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
etit from Landecker Gold Mining Corrpcay
;n I^andecker mine, near Placer\'ille^ El-
ooradc County, Cal.. draining . Into Webber
Creek, which drama Into south fork Ameri-
can River: from Henry N. Lake and E. H.
Mil it. In Bear Flat mlr.e. Bear Kelsey. Eld-
orado County. Cal.. draining into Bear Flat
o Canyon, which drains into Rock Creek, glvei
notice that a meeting to receive any pro-
<«ts will be held at room 6S. Flood building.
Par Francisco. Cal. Nox-ember 8, 1905. at
I:3ft p. m. .-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•':=..
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW/
DEFORCE; costs $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; no fe* in advance; no charge unless
successful: open evenings; wills, deeda.
>af*-f. bills of sale and articles of copart-
nership carefully prepared; corporations or-
ganized; bankruptcy: collections; probating
of estate*; general office and court practice
In State and United States courts. 527 Mar-
ket, r. 801. Office hours. 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.
A DIVORCE— O.UICK and QUIET,
c NO PAY until granted.
See me and cave money. Advice Free.
Established 22 years. Detectives employed.
I LEAD— Others Follow.
G. W. HOWE.
1122 Market ti.. tft. Meson end Taylor.
'r. w. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Eiam. bldg.,
6th floor, entrance room 611 ; establinbed 20
years.; all ccurtc. s-eneral courts and office
practice: no fee in advance or for oonsulta-
Uon; evenings bj- appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE frt«. all lecal matters.
° No charge unless successful.
No advance fe«e.
° All law business. Eftablifhed 20 years.
Examiner bulltllri?. room 316. third floor.
ADVICE frw: legal divorce costs $12; all law
cares handed: no tee in advance: open Sat-
tsrcay evrnir^s; oth«r e\-«ilriEs by appolnt-
g!»nt; call and save money. 819 Mkt.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 302. consolta-
tion free; no fee In advance. Open evening*.
COMPLETE clvcrc* for $20 by ab!» youns at-
torney. Ad. EDWARDS. lock box 422. city.
AGENTS WANTED.
PICTURE scents; best proposition ever of-
>r«rJ: rr.*v. or women. 702 O'Farrell wt.
LATjT eollc;tor» .fcr real estate. Box 1325.
Call office
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILE bargain — 30 HP. Steams tour-
Ing oar. JV>O4 model: cost S3100: will sell for
o=* HCC-0 cash f. o. b. Lo* Angeles. C. W. SAH-
• LAND. 400 So. Los Anxeles «.. JjO% An-
" fcelen. Cal.
c ASTHMA CURE.
A DI NOLA'S actbma remedy cure«: for sale
by nil druggists; main depot 1602 Market
St.. St. Nicboas Hotel; 10c. 25c. f»Oc postage.
no Kumso for chilurex. _
PJvP.FECT care will .be given to a few Infants;
$35 a month. MRS. KHODA KARSTADT.
CSOI Mac-Call st.. Oakiang.
, I^AUY wanu child to board and t*ach Ger-
man; aur.ny home; garden; mother's care;
n»».r J'.JTerson Park. IlSi Turk.
\u25a0WTDOTt*. wishes to kake a couple of children
to board. 3016>4 Sixteenth et.
LAI>Y T.-lth no chHdj-en srlabes one baby (not
too your.t) to board. Eox 1248. Call.
BOOKKEEPI.NU.
LET us keep your books: nothing too large,
nc thing too small ; we make a rpecialty of
keeping small sets of books.
THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Tel. Montgomery 1311. 930 Market at.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1826 Polk »t.
CHIROPODISTS.
COHNS, . fcuclons. u-arts and ingr&wlnc na!!»
removed without pain. I>R. A. J. ' BUR-
HAXK, surgeon t-hiropcdlst. S5O Mkt.. r/.14.
VR. EINFELDT, 1104 Market St.. room JJ. re-
moves corns, bunloca. by electricity; no iialn.
CL'IIE KOIt RUPTURE.
JjR. PIERCES Magnetic i Elastic Truss;'- pcr-
J*ct i^etair.er; positive cure; boo!: free. Re-
moved to 2C6 Kearny st.; room ."C7. /
COLI^ECTIO?.' OFFICES,
BAD tenants ejec-ted for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., ,415
Montgomery tt.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main STSO.
BUSINESS CH.VXCES. j
. :?CArjHGUSE with larst grounds, across ;
vie tay: established man> yt»Vs; with prop- j
\u0084iv j^yxt; or owner will cell saloon 'alone j
lur" $12C^ and 'give 5 years* lease; a very \u25a0
i:.r* thani*. Call Is. O. v.ILKK. 'M^ Kt-ar- ,
ny st. \u25a0 _^_ ;
A_*sl^t(»; b-ALOUN atid sailers' boartliOii-hous*
on v.attr :iv.nt; lo fumishcti rooms, kitchen, j
etc • rent $41; ions <-etiiUiiiiif-»l anJ gooil pay- !
ing. Call It. G. WILKE. I'ti^ Kearny et.
j A— ?^."'ii; OV.STEK and cJtoji baCuee;f)On water!
front; i«?ct ?«"»; «ooa fiacr: established jcaia.
t-ee ti. O. WILKE. Kearny t>i. !
A— stK)oo; HAMMAM bath, the most ix>pular j
and rucst central localfvi in JS. F. ; i^rgc imx- j
ronage i»( best c!ji=s customers; cieais above I
»\'tt*> a menth: least. See 11. G. WIuKE.
1 .- -Kcarny st.
A — ptODi OVSTKK ar.o chep house; the very
best 1-jcation in this city: a tlrst-clasa paying
business: owner compiled tv sell account of
tjicknei-y. R. G. VVlt«Kg. 'JM\j K°arny »t. •
A—(4500;A — (4500; CORNER ba'rrccm. clus- to Chron-
icle building; place established many years;
lately renovated; elegant fixtures: larse stock;
sickness of . owner onl;.- cause cf sale. See
K. G. WILKE, 28$ a Kcarny st. '
A— J2yoO; SALOON on water front; lease; 14
fumiehed rooms; a good paying business; no
better location: disagreement of partners
cauee of gale. R. G". WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A SPLENDILY located saloon; close to Mills
building; mercantile lunch; nat rent J»JO;
lease; a fine chance; investigate, you will
buy. See R. G. WILKE. 28 Va Kearny st.
A—slika>;A — $1ika>; SALOON on Fourth St., close to
Market; an excellent location; good business;
rr.ufct sr'l at once: other business calla him to
the country. R- G. WILKE, 23,$ Kearny st.
OLD established bakery in Western Addition;
large store trace; bake 6 barrels a day;
owner engaged in othsr business only cause
of tale. Call R. G. WILKE. 20 Vfr Kearny at.
CONRAD & GILL,
Established 16 years. 413 '-j Kearny st.
Lodging houses, hotela and fiats a specialty;
if your business Is for sale place it with- us;
w* make sales; we buy, sell and exchange your
business no matter where located.
Thousands of opportunities, atl kinds and
price* ; here «are but a few of our many bar-
gains:
Grocery and bar, good location .' $1250
Half Interest in good paying saloon $500
Or.e-thlrd Interest in paying office bus,.. $060
Candy store, clears )12fi month • • $375
$750 — Cigar atand on Market st.; good loca-
tion; rent $60; receipts $20; between 4 theaters;
cauae of sale other business.
$175— Barber shop. 2 chairs; good sttady
trade; good location; worth $250: cause of sale
party leaving town. CONRAD & GILL.
f&OO — O.vfcter-houae; splendid location; rent
$47; receipts $25; 3 years' leape; cauee of sale
clcknesa. CONRAD & GILL.
$600— Half interest, grocery and bar; good
location; rent $30; 4 years' lease; receipts $w;
only with CONRAD St GILL.
$250— Knife rack and novelty ehootlng gal-
lery; good stock of knives and Jewelry: thie la
a bargain. CONRAD & GILL.
.ssoo— Cigar stand; good location on Kearny'
st.; rent $40; ntcelpts $14; cash register, show
case: cause of la!* owner going East.
$375— Restaurant; good location; 5 years
lease; rent ?23; receipts $18; cause of sale do-
mestic troubles. CONRAD & GILL.
$3000— Saloon on Market at.; receipts $60;
stock will Invoice price asked: cause of. aale
disagreement of partners. CONRAD & GILL.
We have a splendid opportunity for man or
woman to open employment office; no experl-
eno necessary. CONRAD & GILL.
A MAN of ability and experience in handling a
eawmlll to Invest $10,000 In a company or-
ganizing to take over coast sawtnlll about 1
year old; absolutely cafe and 6 per cent guar-
anteed; good salary to right man. Address
box 4656. Call office.
$300— DELICATESSEN and grocery stores renv
$15; living rooms; good trade. National iv.
E. Co.. 1027% Market fit., room 2.
$500— RESTAURANT; trade $20 to $25 day; 5
private boxes; cash register, etc.; sickness
cause of eale. Apply 1027 Market st.. r. 2.
NEAT saloon with fine stock liquors and cigar
stand; owner going to Europe; good oppor-
tunity for right man. Inquire of BRUNS-
ING. TOLLE A POSTEL. Inc. 512 Front.
GOOD dairy business In Berkeley; 2^ acres
of land: 5 cowa. horse and wagon; good milk
route; nice cottage of 4 rooms; 2 incubators;
all necessary appliances; rent only $11.
EITEL & CARROLL. -
WANTED — Partner with small capital and ex-
perience in a laundry with all modern equip-
ment; complete electric machinery and good
trade. Address VERRA & DAMASCUS. 764
Howard st.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business,
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $35 a week: trial given: no experience re-
quired; short hours. 759 Market et., room 8.
AN elegant corner location for a grocery and
bar- in Western Addition; good lease can be
had. Apply A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Mont-
gomery at. • '
$250— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cash buElnesa with a maa of good standing
and reputation; aure profit of $90 a month to
each. 632 Market at., room 6.
jgoo — PARTNER in an established "business
clearing over $150 momnly to each; fine
proposition to good, reliable man. Box 1299,
Call- office.-
A GOOD paying saloon, centrally located on
Market St.. to be sold on account of death
In the family. For particulars address box
1242. Call office.
FOR sale — The plumbing business of JOHN P.
CULLEY. located for the last 24 years at 22
Seventh st.; good stock and fine trade.
FINE chance; good paying millinery; well es-
tablished; living rooms; bargain at $500. 413
Fourth rt.
FINE raloon, 17 well-furnished rooms; all
rented; lonsr leaee; must be sold at once.
Inquire LEMLE. LEVY CO.. 688 Mission.
GROCERY and i bar cheap; north of Market
Et ' account owner having other business.
Apply E. A. FARGO CO., 316 Front st.
RESTAURANT tor sale, completely furnished;
a bargain: call Immediately on premises.
1183 Oak at.
FINE candy and icecream parlor, with factory;
good fixtures: large trade; must sell. Bo»
1232, Call office.
EALOON— Firet clasa. with living apartments i
long lease; low rent; a bargain. Apply 3030
Fulton at.
GOOD oyster house for eaie reasonable, at
once: long lease; established several years.
opposite new post office. 50 Seventh st.
To rent — Restaurant, furnished, cheap;- to suit-
able partteß. For further information.. Bay
Shore Hctel on San Brtino aye.
BRANCH bakery and variety; established 14
years; owner to retire; a snap; rent $15.
1612 Dupont st. \u25a0 ..>' \u25a0 - \u25a0. .
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
A — RESTAURANT: on account of sickness;
must sell at once; price $350. ISS9 Folsom.
A — SHOE repairing; good shop: cheap; living
rooms; low expenses. 942 McAllister at.
$250 — A PARTY to Join me In a saloon, lunch
and rooming-house: big profit. 310 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS vaudeville house for rent; run-
ning now and paying well. Box 1337, CalL
FOR sale — Cheap; Job printing material. C2S
Montgomery st.. room 1.
SALOON for sale. Call at 13 East at., clost
to Market. _^
SNAP— S2S will buy office furn.; oak, roll -top
de*k. chairs, carpet, etc. R. 203. 927 Market.
JICSO— BAKERY; a bargain: store trade; rent
$27 50; 4 living rooms 2129 Ml«»lon st.
FOR SALE— Bakery and 'coffee parlor; best
location In town. Box 1216. Call office.
i GOOD Call route for sale. Apply at Call
office.
LODGI.VG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1080.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market acd Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business chances.
.25 elegantly furnished rooms; fine central
location: building and . furniture only one
year old; all full of men roomers: owner |
leaving city.
30 sunny zooms, NW. corner building; good
furniture and carpets; all full and paying
over $150 per month; sickness; price $2600.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FISHER &. CO. .': Phone Main 8354
Room 438. James Flood building.
Furnlth^d rooming-houses, hotels and flats. :
FURNITURE 'of S roouis, cheap; low rent; on
account of other business. . 426 Tehama st._- '
ROOMING-HOUSE. H furnished rooms; good
bargain. 011% Mission gt., near Fifth.
$125—12. ROOMS; rent $40: cleara $10;'' steady
rocmere. 7S4H Harrison at., nr. Fourth. ;
I 17-ROuM house, well furn. : rent $45; Btngl;
: i>nd housekeeping; must , sell. Cl 7 Turk-st.
I ?:Ss— 3 ROOMS; fine location; all full; clears
! $;;.; net: bargain. Inoulre 238 Sirth st.
1 1 - ' ' ......,...,! . \u25a0 '\u25a0.:.>:\u25a0\u25a0: -;\u25a0 \u25a0'-.
s . THE SAN! FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 30^1905.
CLAIRVOYANTS.? i
THE ORIENTAL SEER. '
TRAXCS MEDIUM.
SCIENTIFIC PALMIST.
After you have read all the bis advertise-
ments of wonders, wizards, consult CASH-
MERE, the real Hindoo lady, born in Bombay;
natural-born prophet: greatest adviser on busi-
ness and htilth; no t-qual; ycu*' name , and
what you called for;' secret power (to influenoa
in « to 21 days. - \u25a0-.. '\u25a0\u25a0.-
Scientific ;:a)mist and clairvoyant: all ques.
tlons of. life revealed; advises you ; whether or
not you will be successful, in lov*. marriage,
business.
Special Offer for One Week Only.
50c. 50c 50c. ! \u25a0 60
1015 Market st. New Arlington.
STANDING CHALLENGE:
?10.000— FOR HIS EQUAL— $10,000
"s>T. GEORGE ORMONDE."
Yoghi Initiate Oriental Clairvoyant.
PSYCHIC PALMIST MYSTIC HEALER.
Egyptian Astral L«ead Trance Medium.
A phenenitnal $5 mental readme for $1. Tell
you more than all others combined; how to
overcome sickness, drlr.k or weak habits, ene-
mies, spells, lost vitality, bad luck: find treas-
ures, vaiua'olo mines; marry your choice; re-
store lost love; secure secret powers of con-
trol; reunites separated; implants business suo-
cesa. Reading by mall $2.
1031 Market st.
A— MISS M. WILLB. 310 Ellis St.. ,
Clairvoyant, crystal B eer. can betionsulted on
all affa'lrs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the paat; gives correct forecast ot your fu-
. ture; advices you on importxmt affairs.
' whether financial, 'domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, rau-
clnate the one you love; reading, II; hours
10-8 p. m. : French. German. English spoken.
LINCOLN.
Clairvoyant and physchic: the oldest and best
known clairvoyant In San Francisco. Re-
opened at 3C6 O'Farrell 6t. Hours 10 to 5.
Readings by mall, $2. \u25a0•\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0" ;
MIES ZEMDAR, young, gifted dalr. & palm.,
has eecond eight; a wonderful prophetess;
namea 50c. $1. 1035 Flllmore. nr. McAllister.
MME. KRONT3NBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me; good
r*adlng 25c; no elgn. IC2^ 6th. nr. Mission.
HMD. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of .W«; satisfac-
tion guar. ; 25c up. 17 3d. next Extjnlner bldg.
MLLE ORIETTA, 122S Market— Public bllnd-
. folded tests 3 p. m. daily: reading $1.
MME. RO3ERTS, clairvoyant, scientific palm-
Ist; gives facts, dates. The Metropole, 6 Turk.
MME WARD, 1153 Market st., f.bove 7th—
Clairvoyant gives names, dates and facts. -
ISMAR will return to San Francisco and be* In
her office by Sunday. November 3.
MRS SHAFER. clairvoyant, card, reader.- has
removed from IPS Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM^ ,
MRS. KONOLD 148 Slxth~st., circle to-night;
ladles* circle \Ved.. 2:30. 10c; also reliable
readings. 25c; consult, me after trying others.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
Hl* reader. 1206 Market, r. 10, Oalt House.
CLAIRVOYANT spiritual life reading. 25c up;
houra. a-9. Mme. Ellenflcken. 506 Turk at.
MRS. HUBBARD, 100 Oak et.. spiritual med-
lum; consultation dally. \u25a0 : \u25a0'
EARLB"S seance Sun., Wed., 21£> Eddy atj
readings. Hotel Higglns. O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY. :^" _'___ _
X RETURNED, H. Jerome Fosselll, scientiflo
palmist. 612 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5605.
""' HYPNOTISM. ' '
DeT~LAUFF, magnetlst, 709 -Bush," 1-5, 7-8;
nervous, mental ills; habits cured; no drugs.
CARPET-BEATIXG AND CLEAXIN'G.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process usod
for cleaning carpets on floor without remov- .
al; cari>et and rugs also cleaned by com-
pressed air at Ehop; prices moderate. S. F.
Compressed Air Cleaning Company, 808 Mar T
tt.; phone Main 152 and Bush 4i9.
WHEN you become disgusted with r^our work,
send for SPAULDlNCrg:r:on€£rCsirpet Beat-
ing Works; 353-357 Tehama st.'Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet-Cleaning Works. ISO 9 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED'HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. -
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 320 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tei. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth sL— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mltslon 74.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison gt,;tel. Mission 263
DEXTISTS.
DR^^ER~^A7NTJEEs'3EI?TXL~CO^IPANYr
Perfect painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth. $2; silver fillings, 250;.g01d
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work. $3.
1104 Market at., corner Turk. ' \u25a0 >. \u25a0
A \'EW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. 53 50; fillings, 30c;
plates $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, tear 11th —
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old elates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c; ges given.
LOWEST prices In S.F.; painless extraction,
66c. New York Dentlate, 969 Mission, cor. 6th
DR. J. E. YOUNG, dentist, removed to 406
Sutter St.. rooms 7 and 8. - \u25a0
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2, no
tain: op Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.loH4 Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES.
STEWARTS Bining, Pleating and TJuttonhol*
Factory of 110 Taylor at. will remove. to 14
and 16 Taylor st. about October 1. ;
MRS. ESTES, fashionable dressmaking, St.
Kathryn Hotel. 480 Ellla: tel. East 1389.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Mllllniry School
—Eve, class; patterns cut. HOP Market at.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THB Lyceum. .an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and mrdlcal | col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully and we shall prepare you; day,
evening nession; references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan; building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL., 9:t3 Market,
conducted by . Robt. :F. Gallagher, expert
court reporter, holds world's record j for short-
hand writing; succeesfnl himself, .will make
'you so; shorthand, typing, kookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good positions should attend
this college; we have hid 250 gcod places
since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 73S Mission et. • ;: .
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest.
Institution devoted exclusively to {dramatic
learning In America;; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' j building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. ' Send for i prospectus. - '
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poat at
Established 18C3; largest in the West; annual
enrollment 1000; send for circular.
ENGINEERING — Civil, "\elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, aseay. cyanide; day, eve; eat.; 1864. -Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
DANCING, both adult and children's classes,
now open at Hlnman's School of Dancing, 1412
Polk at., nr. California; phone East 2126.
TELEGRAPH students. 5 willing to pay Instruc-
. tlon in regular office. -Box 6162. Call office,
Oakland. -, •?;
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornla-Studenta loln-
ed. Buslnees. Stenographic. 925 . Qoiden , Gate.
A special class preparatory teachers' exam-
inations or State nor. schle. 833 ; Phelan , bldg.
EPANlSH.French.etc.PTof.De Filtppe'fiAcademy
of languages.lolB Post;:est.lB7l;ablgst profs.
PIANO lessors 50 centa; evening '- lessens. -
Studio. 860 McAllister.* ; / -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0it \u25a0\u25a0;.-:
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night classes
EMPLOYMENT -OFFICE:?.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese
- and Chinese help. : Removed to 505- Sutter.
st.;< phone : Main 5752. "-,. .. H
OLDEST I Japanese-Chinese ; Employment [ Office
promptly furnishes ! all kinds \u25a0 of reliable h«lp I
George Sakauye.' 42l 'Post et.; tel. Bush \u25a0 135/
STAR Employment' Office— Reliable! Japanese
. and Chinese help : furnished j with - : care. -W.
KA DOT A., 400 Powell St.; tel. Main 1781/ :.
UP-TO-DATE \u25a0' Japanese-Chinese ; emp. Vcfflce
furnishes reliable help of,* ell, kinds promptly.
11. KIODA. 405 Post gt. ; ; tel/, Jamet; 501/
j A— JAPANESE, and Chinese ;\u25a0 heljil . Wm.
YOSHY." 415 Stockton ~ St.; tel. * BusJi \) 859. y,V'
H.:\V. HONG. 1113 A Clay st. : Chlnesj? employ-
ment office: best \u25a0 help, j Tel. Eaat J 20. :^:i;,* •
Finest ' Japanese: help; 'housecleaning *tpec!aUy;
«»q. R. Kunlabe. 343 "Mason;: tel. James 5251. ,
EMPLOYMENT OFFlCES— Continued.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. -BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay..
JAPANESE.: Chinese help: of all kinds furnish-
ed; housecleaning. 708 Taylor; James 7636.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
ncs; all kinds help/315 Stockton. Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED--FE-MALE.
A MIDDLE- AGEP," reliable" woman wishes a
situation to assist with housework and chil-
dren; wages $12. Call at 47 Shipley st., near
Fourth. . • . \u0084 . : ~>
A SLAVISH lady wants place for general
housework; cannot spealc- English. Address
J. M. WELKUS, 23 Zoe St.. rear.
A SITUATION ; wanted ,by two Finnish girls,
one for general housework and another as
cook. Pleaae call at 322 Fremont et. ;
EXPERIENCED lady wants position to take
charge of apartment or rooming house -or
flat until sold. Box 1200. Call offlcs. : •\u25a0
WOMAN, wants position to do kitchen and
houfe work. . Call before ; 10 forenoons and
after 2 afternoons, 211 Twenty-Beventh St..
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper. Call at 152 Perry st., after 10
o'clock.
A -PROTESTANT woman wanU housework; Is
a flrst-clasf laundress; sleep horns -If pre-
ferred; wages $20. Box 1103, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, laundrsss and
houseworker desires position in the country.
Box 1102, Call orflce.
ALL kinds of sewing; will go out. by tha day.
1821 Van Ne«s aye.
TWO Finnish girl« want housework and' cook- J
Ing. Call at 423 Bryant St.
HOTEL housekeeper — A lady who thoroughly
understands her business desires a position
In large flrst-class hotel as managing house-
keeper: will give flrst-ciass references. Ad-
dress Hotel Housekeeper, 115 Fell st. ; phone
South 1071.
DRESSMAKER, shirt waist suits, ladles' tailor
nulls. Eton jacket, suits made at home, or
taken; flrst-class fits; satisfaction guaran-
teed ; engagements per day or w«*k. 321
Franklin st.
ACCOMPLISHED young lady wishes position
as companion to refined lady:. would travel;
best references. Address B. B. SMITH, Ala-
meda P. 0.. Cal. ...'-.-.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do cooking
and housework for 2 or 8 adults; no washing;.
$15 and car fare. Ring up Folsom 2957,
Monday or Tuesday.
COMPETENT woman wishes a few nlco fami-
lies by . day for laundry or chamber work or
cleaning; reliable.-' 488 Geary at.: phone
Brown 82. .
MIDDLS-AGED woman wants situation; gen-
- eral housework; city or country;' good cook.'
washer and lroner; not afraid of work; no
postals. 167 Third st. room 6..
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged woman, wants
position to do cooking and general house-
work In- American family.", Apply 61 Colton
st.. off Brady. . ' •••-'.\u25a0'
BY an American woman, situation as house-
keeper; good cook. MRS. L., 1926 Market
et.. city. , ' ' \u25a0 . '
WANTED— Dressmaking or any ladles' gar-
ments; exuerlenced, with references. 1106
Sacramento st.
A GOOD German cook wants situation for cooft-
Ing and light housework: references; wages
$30. Pleaee call 748 Howard st.
WANTED— A position ao housekeeper fcr
• widower; very kind to children. Address 007
Folwom st. \u25a0. . T ' \u25a0
EXPERIENCED cook, small restaurant or
boarding-house; wages $10 a week. 1523
M I salon st. ,- . '\u25a0 \u25a0'-,-.
WANTED — By a respectable woman, position
as housekeeper; take full charge rooming or
apartment house. Box 1836, \ Call office. -
REFINED, cultured woman would like posi-
tion as housekeeper; will take full charge of
home; willing to leave city. Box 1369. Call.
COLORED woman wishes day work; flrst-claes
laundress; private family. Address or call
819 Market St., Oakland.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do upstairs
- work or. place to learn cooking. 1309 Stock-
ton St. ' • ..o ?.rii V • \u25a0 :
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, "by' the day;
quick worker: suits and dresses. 305 LarKin
et.. box 33. . \u25a0 \u25a0\u0084,: -.' -\u25a0 . . -->s:.*.
A\ NEAT Japanese girl wishes position to ' do
cooking and housework" In ' family. - Address
1225 Fulton st. C\u25a0" ' -\u25a0 - ''\u25a0\u25a0' '
POSITION by flrst-class nurse for children or
Infant*; full charge: $40 per month; 10 years'
experience. Call at 904 O'Farrell at.
BY competent lady, any kind of work with
needle. MRS. L. 8. GILLESPIE. 658 Jessie.
YOUNG woman ' wants position to do general
i housework. 3901 Folsom st/ ,
GOOD reliable woman wants washing by the
day;' $1 50 and car fare. Call . 58 Valley st.
STENOGRAPHER, with some experience, de-
sires position. Address box 1252, Call.
GOOD practical nurse wants position. Call at
• "Y. W. C.tA.." 1259 O'Farrell st.
EMPLOYMENT ANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook, hotel. $50 month.
Flrst-claas laundress, $30 month up.
Good chambermaid, $30 month np.v'.v'
Young man, flrst-class, competent gardener,
wages $40 per month. ---\u25a0• - \u25a0-
GEO X., propr., 343 Mason; tel. James K251.
BARBE3U first class In every particular,
wants job In flrst-class shop downtown ;
state wages. B. B ANDES, 919 A Jackson st
BITUATION wanted as . coachman; single;
thoroughly understands the : care of fine
horses and carriages; 6 years In last place;
city or suburb; flrst-class references. Ad-
dress P.- E. DAVIDSON, 215 Kearny at.
MECHANICAL and electrical Instrument
maker, also understands repair phonographs,
typewriters automatic numerating date ma-
. chines, clocks and general shop Jobbing, seeks
situation anywhere. Box 1236. Cajl. .*-
WANTED — By mlddle-agtd man, repairing
work on private property; handy with tools;
in: or outside; sober and reliable. Box 1271,
"Call office. . ", \u25a0\u25a0-..\u25a0'
POSITION wanted as shipping clerk or clerk
in wholesale house by competent man; good
references. Address C. T. SCHMIDT. 769
McAllister st.,,
MAN fully understanding care and operation
of gasoline ; engines, eitner marine or sta-
tionary, desires position. Address J. C.
HENNING, General Delivery, P. O. 4
A' BOOKKEEPER or cashier who is thoroughly
competent desires a situation; has best of
city references. Address Bookkeeper, 209 Va-
lenda st. ' \u25a0 -
MIDDLE-AGED German would like position as
clerk or helper In a .' grocery and barroom:
best of references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny st. . , ; • :'* • .:.-.'..:'\u25a0
THOROUGHLY reliable man desires employ-
ment of any kind; handy with tools; under-
stands care of horses, and' is an experienced
driver. Box. 1251, Call office. T >\u25a0--\u25a0;:
POSITION wanted by respectable old gentle-
man as bartender in country hotel ; sober and
reliable; wages no object; references. Ap-.
• ply box 12C4. Call office.
TRAVELING salesman with twelve years* ex-
perience In cigar and liquor :- business In
Washington, Idaho and Alaska, desires flrst-
class . account. Box .1266, '; Call office.
AS . attendant to private ' patient .* by stricUy
' competent ': reliable ; male, nurse; special ex-
perlenca ,'wlth . nervous patients.: massage,
etc. ; references ; reasonable. Box 1268. CalL
RELIABLE man I with experience wishes \u25a0 posi-
tion for care of building or property; best of
references and bond *If necssary/ Address
.'\u25a0 box 1222.' Call office. ; V ' - : - -
AN expert . accountant wants : small ; set 5 books
; of firms or persons to keep evenings or. Sun-
day; terms low; interview - requested. . Box-
\u25a0 4C90. Call office. .-,.:\u25a0 .:\u25a0.-.-:->'\u25a0• :-.*- : .: '
A YOUNG married man. willing and j faithful.
. desires .work of any .kind;* speaks German
and French. . Call 459 Haight \u25a0 st.'.-,. J ' :^ './'..
WANTED— Situation . around place; car* of
horses, garden, : cows ; • handy - with tools. \u25a0 H. .
7 B.; v 613 I Montgomery- st. : : £j .'. - .
CARPENTER," flrst-class," wants work, day or
'-.. contract; old houses shingled, s N." M.:PEAR-
SON. 48 East; at. : - ':\u25a0:..,--=,\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 ;m - --.- ; ''..'- '-: \u25a0-\u25a0''.:
SOBER,; honest : man wants ; , work on a I private ;
placet care for horses,: cows and garden. Box'
1042. v Call. \u25a0';-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0* - '- : \u25a0''.'.\u25a0' :-\u25a0:\u25a0•- .':\rh:
.WANTED— Work by,: registered • plumber; -will
- do \u25a0; work, at .price; : can r furnish
Utock.. Box 1324. Call/r-^ - : ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*\u25a0
PAINTER/ paper-hanger and tlnter (non-union)
\u25a0 will work cheap for steady job; hotel or con-
';-. tractor ; preferred./ Box* 1046. y Call. \u25a0 -n -.<< \u25a0:
GERMAN, V; young [._, man,"~i desires : ; position .-. as
- either, f lunch • man or \u25a0 porter -. in ;• city. ' \u25a0 Aii-
: dress 218 Second st. - ' v,;/;--:'
THOROUGHLY, competent elevator man wishes
', , situation • In = private : place >or ] public \u25a0 bulldlns.',
V:, Address -N. B.;; 570 Geary st.V-;.' ;•;:-;'?";.';.*"' : :.'<j',
, STOVE \ (first;* class) ' desires i permanent ';
' j Pi) nation ; ; xpeaks ; several '-• languages ; has own ;
tools. Call or address!37^'.Moss!st^Sß^9BH
'FIRST-CLASS barber, age 26.": married, ;wanta
*-3 steady % position: / :? Box j 1253; J Call '\u25a0' offlcs. \u25a0
EMPLOYMENT WAITED—- MALE— Con
EXPERIENCED young man. with knowledge
of Frencl), German, Italian. Spanish and
English, seeks Position as salesman in ae-
:rpartment store or as 'clerk for office woi*..
i. Box 1320. Call. :. - '.''
GERMAN, middle-aged man. wishes position
as porter, lunchmen or Janitor: experienced;
.references; twon or country. . Box 1235. Call.
WANTED-t Position by young man . having 5
" years' experience as a steel and copper plate
, engraver. Box 1233. Call^' * ' :.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind In city
or country dace. HENRY HILLER, 1300
- Stockton. . . '
A FIRST-CLASS porter wishes position in bar-
irer shoD. Addreas box 1259, Call or call
844 Mission at.
! HANDY man would like steady work with
carpenter as helper. Box 6165, Call office.
Oakland. - .' . '.
RELIABLE sober elderly man wants position
as watchman; bonds If necessary- -«*
Twenty-fourth at., near Vermont.
WANTED— Position as steward In restaurant
or on boat; 10 years' experience if Chicago:
best references. Address box 1255, Call.
TO Plumbers — A handy man wants to learn the
trade.; Address letter to Plumber, post-
offlc*, Alameda, Cal. -
TWO steady, sober young waiters desire» posi-
tlons In country hotel. Box 1319. Call.
A CHINESE, excellent cook, wants 'position,
hotel, restaurant, boarding-house; meat and
pastry cook; good references ; satisfaction.
CHARLEY WILLOMON, 1118 Clay St.. up-
stairs. ' . '
CHINESE, with best references, an axcellent
and experienced family cook, wishes a posi-
tion In city or country. Call or writ* to 721
Stockton at.; phone Montgomery 1H56. '-- \u25a0 \
CHINESE, flrst-class family cook, desires po-
sitlon In private family. Address LOUIE,
847& Clay st. ' .
CHINESE cook for general family work. Ad-
dress A. HIM, care Sing Tal. 61» Jackson st.
CHINESE cook wishes position; hotel or fcoard-
lng-house. 1113 Clay st. M. TONG. .
FIRST-class Chinese cook want* situation In
private family. AH HINO. 1112 Stockton at.
MAN wants position as watchman; sober; well
recommended: city, country. 2 Lexington aye.
JAPANESE, with references as excellent prl-
vate family cook. French or German pastry,
any style cooking, wishes position; city or
country: high wages. K. TERAMOTO, room
11. 512 Bush st.
JAPANESE, with references as excellent pri-
vate family cook. French or Germany pastry,
any style cooking, wishes position; city or
country: high wages. 512 Bush st.
JAPANESE- boy wishes a position to do cook-
Ing and housework in a small family.
GEORGE-. 703 Larkln St.; tel. East 8770.
JAPANESE couple want positions In family*
man cook and wife housework.. FRANK,
phone East 206. '\u25a0 *_
JAPANESE | young boy wishes position as - a
houseworker and waiter. Address NAKAY-
MA. 1617 Geary at., or phone West 97.
HONEST young Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion to do housework or cooking. H. SAWA-
MURY. 618 Jessie St.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a situation as a
houseworker. C 0., 249 Oak st.; phone Page
1792. ' \u25a0 •
JAPANESE cook wants position as cook and
do housework: speaks English wslL HENRY, .
phone Montgomery 501.
JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy at near address. 442
Devlsadero st.; phone Page 2109. ''
YQUNG Jaoanese boy wishes position as
waiter or any kind of Job; speaks English
well. YAM A. 417 Jones at.; phone East 5615.
| NICE Japanese desires a position to do house-
work or store boy: speaks English and Ger-,
man. BAKATA 804 Stockton st.
EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN. . -
970 Market nt.. room 801, eighth floor.
Roomlng-House Broker. Phone Main 5343.
. . E-X-C-H-A-N-G-E-A-B-L-E Property.
s ! (ROOMING-HOUSES in San Francisco.) \u25a0
j 'C4r.vS.of Market;; for- 20> r. -north,- \u25a0\u25ba•
. 80 r apartments; for 15 r. transient.
73 r. apartments— $5000: for real estate. <
200 r.,' swell; for Oakland property.
. 100 r. new. cl. $200 mo.; for larger hcv.M.
37 r., grand; for real estate. \u25a0 •»
82 r.— 52750; clears $103 mo.; for farm.
Farm. 80 a. — $2000; for rooming-house.
: Swell 10- r. flat: for lot worth $800.
25 r. Sutter. $2100; for real estate to $7000.
FLATS TO LET..
A AA— COMPLETED LIST" OF HOUSES.
i FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department Is free to all; we can find
you a home In any part of the city; aak for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at tho goods ;
use - this . department freely; you ara more
than welcome. \u25a0 •
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245-259 Geary
. st. (on the square.) \u25a0
$17 — 2 NEW flats, 4 rooms, bath, lnclos«d
• porch; separate yard and high, dry base-
ments. 4240 Twenty-fifth St., near Castro.
$20— New flat. 4 rooms, I bath, inclosed porch;
high, dry basement: 2 manfels. 205 Cbl-
llngwood st.. near Twentieth.
$25— New 9-room flat, 866 Potrero ay«., near
Twenty-first St.*
$23 — 9-room flat. • 639 Frederick st. nsar
Stanyan. overlooking Q. Q. Park.
1 60— THE finest furnished flat in the swellest
neighborhood; McAllister St., near Steiner.
For Information see D. W. CARMICHAEL
CO., 232 Montgomery st.
BAKER, 312 and 814 — New. swell; 7 rooms and
bath and basement; beamed celling dlnlng-
rooms; $.40; can be seen daily. 10 to 4 p. m.
JUST completed, two 5-room sunny flats: mod-
era, up to date: 4 bay windows; $25, $27 50.
N. E. cor. Golden Gate and Central ayes.
ELEGANT modern sunny flat, 6 large rooms;
. every convenience; $35. 1111 Turk st.. nr.
Jefferson square; choice residence - block.
BRODERICK, , 143, near . Haight — Modem B-
room flat; marble steps, beam ceilings, elec-
tric lights, etc. ; owl cars; rent reasonable.
BRODERICK, 548 — Elegantly furnished flat of
6 rooms and. bath; open for Inspection from
1 until 4.: references. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.
SACRAMENTO. 3611— New 6 rooms and bath;
also store and 4; rooms; rent reasonable.
TWENTY-SECOND. 8554^ near" Dolores— s
sunny rooms; bath and double parlors; cheap.
TWO sunny flats : 5 and 6 • rooms, bath, large
closet; $20. 377 Shotwell st.
TAYLOR. 1433, near Jackson — New flat. •
rooms ; bath; beam celling, eto.; $32 50."
ELEGANT, - sunny, lower flat, 6 rooms, bath
and basement. 4184 17th st.. near Castro.
CENTRAL, modern, upper flat, 6 rooms, bath.
1026 Sacramento st., above Powell; moderate.
$20— BEAUTIFUL sunny corner -flat: 7 rooms,
\u25a0 and bath. ' NE. cor. Twenty-sixth & Castro.
TWENTY- FIFTH. 4160," near Castro — New up-
per flat. 6 rooms; bath, yard,, cellar; $22. :
MODERN sunny ; 5 rooms, . bath. . 641 Central
• aye., \u25a0 bst. ; Ful ton and ' Grove. " near Park.
GEARY, 1637— Sunny, clean Cat; 9 /rooms,
bath, laundry;; yard: $25; modern. . / ..
HICKORY aye.; 233 — Flat,'- 6 rooms, - $12 60;
.',903 Taylor, : sunny flat, S rooms, bath. $22 50.
NW. COR. Turk and Pierce sts.; S and 9 rooms
and bath; $18 and $25.
McALLISTER, 1175. cor. Flllmore — 7 rooms
.and '.bath; $28.
$6— LOWER flaC with ' yard. 726H Harrison
• st/, near Third. W . • \u25a0
FOURTEENTH. 443, r near Valencia — Upper
-. new modern flat, 7, rooms.
CAPP, 1088— New flat. 6 sunny rooms and
bath;;rent $.22 60. , :
FINE modern * flat. v 7 sunny . rooms. * basement,
-. yard; reaa. to good tenant. 1937 O'Farrell st.
FLAT,; o' rooms: and bath;-new; marine view;
\u25a0 $25; .water free. 465 Mississippi st. '
TWENTY-FIFTH. • 3478— Upper 4 ' rooms and
bath;: 3 bay i windows; private entrance; $15/
HAIGHT, • 1061,* nr.* Baker— Sunny 6-r. , flat; fac-
:ing Buena Vista ay. and Pk.: healthy location
HOWARD, iIIISOA-^-4i 1 1150A-^-4 ' rooms ; I cheap ; rent. *'
$17— CORNER ; upper ' flat,> 5r5 r sunny . rooms and
bath: tinted. :^336 Twenty-sixth st., nr. Capp.
MASONIC ave.,M227, near: HalKht— New? flve-
\u25a0 room-flatsrbathf . ; rent: reduced. V-'. . \u25a0;.
ELEGANT flat of \u0084T,r ooms; ' a ll'l atest Improve-
ments. 715 Grove \u25a0 st v .- .- v, '' :'• ' - : -
ELEGANT,"' sunny,'; middle flat, 10 • rooms and
r.-:-' bath: . u: B7B . Eddy \u25a0 st.,' -r near^Van^ N ess.% \u25a0 ; . ; -
$l6 sOf-Sunny '-, cor.; fiat; >\u25a0. poreclain '\u25a0 bath, - tubs.
\u25a0- Cor. '\u25a0- 20th and \u25a0 Douglass : ; take* Castro -' "car. - '
\u25a0\u25a0'.'£i FLATS LET— FURNISHED. y..S.
BUNNY flat |of 4 rooms ; i rent I reasonable to re-
sponsible party. * 1978 Ellis \u25a0 St., . 10-12, 2-4. r ]
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
VAN NESS AND ELLlS— Desirable c 1^ 8"*8 "*
modern 6unnyB-room flat; reas. rent; artls-t-
' cally furnished; location central. 1335. Call.
A FURNISHED flat of S rooms and' bath; 5
room a permanently rented.>sl3 Eddy st.
' FURMTURE WANTED.
A — PHONE South 1015; It will pay you to send
for"m* before you sell your furniture, car-
pets, piano, etc M. GALLICK. 201 Larkln.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
St., bet. 9th and 10th. paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179. \u25a0
CALL up East 23SS. A. L. Storrs. 652 Ellis
st. ; cash paid for your furniture, carpets, etc.
Alfred WollDert. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
' pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc
HENRY MAYER Days highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush ?13.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market St.. phone Jessie
761. pays caah and buys everything.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pl-
anos and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
FLORIST GARDE X. ,
TO • LEASE — 6 acres ' rich soil; - plenty water;
near Mission wt. Owner. 636 Clay st..r. 1.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A COOK and aecond girl, sam* house.. s3o, $25
A laundress for plain clothes $-5
A nurs* for" Piedmont $^>O
A nurs* for 2 children, San Rafael $25
A maid and seamstress $30
A cook for boardlng-hous* $30
A French maid and chambermaid $23
A cook, light housework ..$3O
00 good housework girls for city. s3o and $-3
Apply MIS 3 PLUNKETT. 42S Sutter at.
GIRLS to learn halrdressing. manicuring, mas-
sage, etc.. from A to Z, In 1 month for $8 to
those entering now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; day ard evening
i class. 234 Post St., r00m. 17, second Coor.
i WANTED — Girls to learn millinery for fall; 2
seasons from start to flmsn In 1 mo. for $15;
positions guaranteed $12 per week up; learn
now for fall positions. 234 Post, r. 16. 2d flr.
LEARN halrdreaslng.. facial massage, manlcur-
lng.scalp treatment, hair work.removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions wait-
ing; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 23 floor.
SEWING machine operators on shirts; clean,
light factory; steady work; Inexperienced
young women taught and paid while learn-
ing. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 1973 Mission
St.. bet. 14th and 15th. MR. HINDSHAW.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY :
GOOD PAY; STEADY WORK. LEVI
STRAUSS A CO.. 82H FREMONT ST. MR.
DAVIS. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '
EXPERIENCED SHIRT -AND OVERALL
OPERATORS AND GIRLS TO LEARN.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; high . wages
paid; learners taken.
JOHN BOLLMAJT COMPANY.
697 Front st.
EXPERIENCED ALTERATION HANDS ON
CLOAKS AND SUITS. DAVIS, SCHON-
WASSER & CO., POST AND GRANT AYE.
YOUNG woman, light . housework and cooking
for 3; every evening and Sundays off: no
washing, no' windows; sleep at horn*; $23.
Apply after 10. 801 Eddy at. .
ONE flrst-class ventilator, two flrst-class hair-
dressers and manicurist; good wages.
BLOCH'S. 141 Post at. -
A FIRST-CLAS3 ladles' tailor; good wages;
steady position. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansorae.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or young girl to assist
light housework: call Monday. 553 Capp st.
A GOOD " girl for - general housework. * small
family. 2213 Van Ness aye- near Broadway.
GIRL cashier for restaurant; good worker; no
• experience required. •\u25a0 33 -OTarrell -. at.
AN excellent opportunity for I a stenographer
doing general work;-offlc* room and privi-
leges In prominent office building given In
return for \u25a0 nominal services rendered. Ad-
dress box 12. Call office.
RELIABLE woman who knows something, of
business life wanted for a responsible posi-
tion; permanent place offering advancement.
Box 1207, Call. \u25a0 \u25a0
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning; references
required. = Apply after 9 a. m.. 213 Bush at.,
third floor. ________
WOMEN to learn halrdressing. manicuring and
massaging: only takes four weeks; special ,
terms to next 10 students; evening olass from
Tto 9. Moler System College. 405 Powell st.
"WANTED— First -class alteration hands on
ladles' coats and skirts: steady work.
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st. '
WANTED — A German girl for cooking and
housework: family of 8 adults; .wages $30.
SOS Maple st. Call In forenoon. .
FINISHERS on ladies' cloaks and suits: eood
wares and -steady work. Apply L." HOR-
VITZ. 230 Sutter .st.
LADIES to do easy rapid fancy work at home;
requires no experience. 1344 Market at-, opp.
Seventh. ; hours 9 to P. , -
WANTED — Young girl for light housework; 2
In family; wages $20. 2123 San Jose ay*.,
Alameda. *
OPERATORS on ladles' waah skirts i paid by
the week. 656 Mission St.. 8d floor.
OPERATORS to take \u25a0 work horn*. 656 Mis-
sion «t;, 8d floor.
OPERATORS 'on ladle*' waists; *ood . wages.
656 Mission St.. 3d floor.
OPERATORS -on ladles' underwear. 638 Mls-
tricn st.. 3d floor.
A GIRL to do general housework and cook-
Ing. '8231 Washington st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and coat hands. 1200
Geary at. >~~t2 \
GIRLS— I 6 years: good opportunity; refer-
ences. CARSON GLOVE CO., 123 Second.
FOUR women; graduate nurses preferred. Box
1255. Call. \u25a0\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0 .
WANTED— GirI to assist with housework anil
children. Apply at 1551 Post st.
WANTED— Skirt alteration hands. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Jacket alteration hands. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
CIGARETTE makers at, H. BOHLS & CO.'S.
244 Fremont et. : . to make Kadee > cigarettes.
.YOUNG girl to assist with housework; good
wages. Call 115 Cole st.. near Hayes.
AT the Christian Home office — 2 cooks- wanted
1002 Larkln st. .
BARBERS— Employment and Supplies.
BARBERS' - "Fre* \u25a0 Employment" Bureau. J
B. I. U. of A. — Barbers furnished; city or
country; this is the only legitimate employ-
ment office. * JOS. R. BLEILY. secretary.
723 Market st. ; Phone James 6628. -•
$600— ELEGANT 3-chalr barber ahop for sale:
good business. COLEMAN. 311 James Flood
building. : ..-.-\u25a0
BARBER -shops for sale; apeclal Inducements
offered to buyers. COLEMAN. 811 James
Flood bulldlnr.
BARBER shops wanted; all those that can
bear close Investigation as to their merits
may apply to D. STOLTZ. 723 Market st. .
FOR sale— Paying 3-chalr barber shop, with
-baths;' low rent. •\u25a0\u25a0 The Lane Co.; Fortieth st.
and Ban Pablo aye.. Oakland.
FOR sale— 2-chalr hotel barber shop; good fur-
. nlture; good, location; cheap rent; $200 cash.
2019 Folaomst. .
9-CHAIR " shop; good trad*: long leass; dirt
cheap if sold by the Ist: called East by slck<
ness. C Sixth ft. •
I GOOD barber /wanted at 81 Fourth st.: no stu-
\u25a0 'dent noed apply. •
[ TO let— Barber «hop with 'two rooms; low rent.
1207 Pacific aye., cor. Jonca.
FOR \u25a0 sale— Bnrber chop In club building; good
business; 8 clubw In building. 025 Q. O. aye.
IlKliPl* WANTED— MALE.
WANTEDfor i,U.~. 8. c army— Able-bodied, Yun-
\u25a0; married .'men. -b«twe«n -ages of " 21 and 35;
..- citizens \u25a0 ot : United States, of good character
and temperate habits. \u25a0: who • can :• speak, read
- ; and write \u25a0 English. For, information apply
. to .Recruiting; Of ncer.i 204 ißlalto building.
New I Montgomery , st..- San -Franclaco. Cal. \u25a0- -
DOMESTIC: salesman .wanted: Apply ' between
, •;\u25a0-$ ft and 11. ».-: m.l at HALE BROS.'
] FIRST-CLASS watchmaker wanted; permanent
!. position/; "Box 1040. Call'
A___BH_i___ a /« . - . •
[ HELP \V~AXTKD — "HALE — Continued.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment ofae*.
KS Clay st. Phone Main*>-1.
FREE FARE to Nevada. Southern Pacific
Co.. own work; work only 40 mil-s east of
Labcrers. $2 to $2 25. board $* 50. no dls-
FKi£K FARE to Slsklyou and Shasta Cos.—
12 teamsters. $2 2i day; road 200 :nlles long.
FREE FARE to Solano Co.. $2 2j to 5- «a
ICCO
ONE THOUSAND MEN
For the new Western Paclflo Railroaa Co.
No discount.
$2 25 a day.
Board S5.
Utah Construction Co. U doing th* J^TJh
This is the best company on the Paciao
Coast from can Francisco to salt Lake.
$4 50 — Stonecutters, south, FREE FAKJB.
Southern Pacific Co. work. b J?f- r il noß i*- _
J3 ;j Bridge carpenters. FREE FAK_
company wcrk and you board home, no dls-
court. „ __
100 drillers for railroad company, \u25a0 t- -3.
A few jobs near the city and jour FARE 10c
4 stonecutters, south •* jJJ
2 handy men with tools for camp $- oo
3 powder men for camp near city :.;•£?
CO drillers for same place -$- -3
1 camp blacksmith, near the city. $3 D<>
I foreman for scraper gang *\u25a0> o»
1 foreman for gang of drillers ...#» aw
You board for thes* $5 week; no discount.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR WORK?
Then Join Independent Workmen of America.
Why should you Join!
Because It is a worklngmsn's corporation.
and the main object of this corporation Is to
create a better feeling between employer and
employe, to maintain a hous» whera mea ani
women of good character can secura the be«t
positions obtainable. We will open up larger
hesdiuarters shortly, where members . caa
snjoy home benefits.
Large rooms are now belsg flttea up.
where th« gensral »mploym<»nt business for
our members will be conducted. In ta«
meantime, send your orders for first-cass
htrlp to room 81!».
For further particulars writ* or can roe_
818. Jam»» Flood building. '
A— AMERICAN
EMPLOYMENT IiUREAU,
642 COMMERCIAL ST. THONE BUSH 833.
Butcnvr. make nausage. ranch. $35 and fi.
2 MACHINE MEN. water tunnsl. iVi.
BLACKSMITH. Dredger. *9O and found: M%-
chine Blacksmith. $103; 2O Laborsrs. North.
$75- 25 Laborers. Lumber R- R.. $67 30.
FREE FARE; S3 Laborers and Drlllere: IS
CARPENTERS, all over. $3 to $4 BO: OCEAN
SHORE R. R. CO.'S own Work— l 3 Labor-
ers $60* 15 Laborers, board bom*. $w.
COAL MINERS— OREOO^- FREE FARK.
SHIP TO-NIGHT— New R. R.. near OR^
CON. .
73 Teamsters and Laborers. $67 50.
We ship to OREGON— FREE FAR—
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS'
*^ EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. VtO..
633 Washington st. Phon« James 3301.
FREE FARE— NEW WORiC
Ship to-night. Slskiyoa Co^ It. R. men. $57 80
NEAR OREGON.
FREE FARE.
Teamsters. $2 23 day. 12-raonta Jotx
Mines Caitveras County mines. $3 day.
2 spool tenders. $60 found. Humboldt Oua-
ty.. steady Job; spool tenders, Tuofcima*
County. $53 and found.
50 laborers, near city, $2 dar.
Man and wife, cooks, mine company, souu.
$30 found. Lots cf other Jobs.
PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGCY.. Ina.
WINDOW dresser and dry goods salesman,
county. $125; valet for gentleman. $50. a
Crat-class place; gardener, city. $40 and
room; five carpenters, $4 day; flv9 rouga
carpenters, $2 5O day: thr*« miners far Souta
America, fare paid: farmers; ten teamster*.
$2 25 day: twenty laborer*. $3 day; spac«
finder. $45 and board; and others. " J. T.
CROSETT fe Co.. 628 gaframento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON* ST.
For hot«l. country, fare advanced, second
cook, short orders. $40; baker and help oa
the range. $40; dishwasher. $30; yar__a
and milk cows. $40. Call early.
AN old man to hel» out In an office; hour*, ft
to 4; $10 month. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
429 Bush st. " '
BOYS — Steady position, quick advaacamast.
JOE ROSENBERG. 316 Market at.
"WANTED— Dishwasher. 26 Sacramaato at.
YOUNG colored porter. IT or 18, for barber
shop. 1314 Castro st.
HELPER.en wagon blackamlthmg. 437 Fran-
cisco st. ' . . j — /
PORTER wanted for saloon at 83 gddy *.
MEN to learn, a good trade: good 'P*T__F&fl»
learning; must furnish $10 secur. 810 rolsom.
FIRST-CLASS • woolen mIU wants cc_p«t«ai
salesman !o handle- blankets. Cann-ls. flan-
nel - shirts flannel underwear, men's - half
hose, direct from tha mill to th s larg* r«t&!J
trade, also wanted competent cutter for
-shirt department and flrst-claas 'bookk»«p«r
to talc* charge of office; will sell $2300 V>
$OCCO Interest In the business to right par-
ties; splendid opportunity to beoom* Inter-
ested In a profitable business. Addreaa wl_
full particulars box 1260. Call.
WANTED— At once. good, live canvas**™ to
represent us throughout California; larg«
commissions paid; complete outfits furnlsasd
fre«: good prospects for right party. Fall
• particulars address Oregon Nurssry Co..
Salem. Or. .
\u25a0WANTED — Young man. ofAo* and shlppta*
clerk work; on* varsed on street* of Oakland;
would Uks on* having been In furniture boat-
ness. Apply H. Schellhaas. Oakland.
WANTED^ — 15 laborers to work on n*w — agtui
road being built by California Powder Work* ;
cash when quit or discharged; no discount.
Apply E. M. CARR. Ptnol*. \u25a0_.
MEN learn th* barber trade in S w**ka; tui-
tion earned . while learning; situation* guar-
anteed; only up-to-date collwrs* in America.
MOLER' B SYSTEM COLLEGE^ 644 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed'Rolkln, Reno Hous* proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to th* Denver House.
217 Third St.; 230 rooms, 23 to 60a par night.
WANTED — Men to learn th* barbar trad*; n«w
method; tuition earned whflo learning: posi-
tion guaranteed after 8 weeks. . GILLMAN'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 627 Clay st.
WAITER wanted for : a good plac* ta tha
country; wages $23 p*r month and board.
Apply room. 31S. James Flood building.
WANTED — Bright. Intelligent young maa. wttn
good appearance; outside work. Box 1241.
CalL
GOOD, strong boy, $1 a day; paper box 4*-
partment. Mutual L. &. L. Co.. Second aad
Bryant sts.. Bryant-st. entrance.
WANTED — Seamen and green hands for all
parts of the world. THOS. MURRA.T. . 010
Davis st. - ' \u0084 .
DRAUGHTSMAN oa ornamental Iron: " must
understand detail and construction, —a.
MERLE CO.. Bay and Stockton sts. --
CITY agent wanted for large firs Insurance*
company;. must be. well acquainted and con-
nected la San Francisco. P. O. box 2684/
WANTED — A braes finisher and latho hand.
Apply at once to JOHNSON-JEFFREY CO..
460 Sixth St.. Oakland.
MEN and women to learn th» barber trad*;
special offer to next five; .new- method. San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 200 p«r
night; clothes closets, nalr mattresses. *le<?-.
trie lights tn every room. 631 Howard, nr. 3d.
EXPERIENCED man for liquor store: furnish
bond*. BROWNSTONE'S. 223 Taylor st.
16 BROOMMAKERS: hignest wages: open
shop. Box F. Call branch. 1941 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS better-maker, with good ref«r-
ences. Box 1318. Call office.
WANTED — Flrst-class quartz miner: steady-
position; must furnish r«fs. Box 1317. Call
ASSISTANT shipping clerk, familiar with
druggists* sundries. Address P. O. box 833.,
YOUNG man of Intelligence to take up good
paying business. 604 Montgomery, room 204.
MEN to learn a good trade: good pay while
learning: must furnish $10 secur. 310 Folsom. •
DETECTIVES to learn- tho business; money-
made while learning. 604 Montgomery, r. 204.
SAILORS ami ordinary seamen for all parts o{
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart St.
10.000 WORKINGMEM 'to buy our genuine
army ghoea; all inspected. 108 Third wt.-
SAILORS and youn* men fgre«n hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 317 Jackson St..
1 PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40.Ph*!an bM.
Past Com. Geo. H. .Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
LABOR Sebts collected: suits, attachment".
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d st/.rm. 3—5. /
\u25a0 DAUTEL want* ; ISCO men to buy Inspected
Government shoes at 631 Sacramento at.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 4* Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 33c. night; readlng-roonw»:
free 'bua and basrgage to and from ferry. -- .
A BRANCH office of The Call for : the recep-
- tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at -1008 Market ««.. OBDOslti*
j. Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVF.RTISEMENTS. inscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor.. Duncan &. Church sts.
\u25a0\ SOLICITORS WANTED.
EOLICITORS. $3 per day. Apply 548 O**J7IGNORANT OF ITHE COST OF THINGS
IIOR«ES AND WAGONS:
ONLY S2^s. flr.o CvzSt i-.cne; dark bay: gentle.
•wand asi tmc. C.-vU FUI'ITVALE LUM-
RKH CO., 3d02 E. Fourteenth et.. Fmitvale,
BEODND-HAND parel top wagon; Victoria;
rubber tire coujte: Toomey roaj cart; leather
top carriaKc- and t.haeton; cheap at 500 Gold-
ea Gate aye . ; also 2 sets Ud-hand harness.
FOR Bsie — Hcrst* und wae«s: cheap; In jjo.od
coniltlj::. Aopty J. LUID. oil Linden aye.,
near Lturgr.a >;.
A— ls HEAD or hortes; all fires, colors, from
$2(> : _U7_Crc^.e ft., off Mission, nr. China _av«.
FOR tale — Nice drivirg hnrre, ts.nl buggy ar.l
hai-stss; i]»3rly n^w. 769 McAllister st.\
BI.'GGIP.S. Usht \vnpo->, b-jekboards ar.a
phatton: baij;iln. r>7C7 Tnftr.ty-fourth Bt.
GOOD secor.d-hand 'nracoaa of all kinds cheap
at 100 Go!den Gate aye.
AI'CTION* 6i!e r.f liorses. wagens and harness
cvf-r>- Wednesday at 11 a. in.. 527 Sixth ;t.
HOCSKS TO LET.
A PRINTED list r.f hcuses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montrmy.
MARI". 2'>, nesr sth anl llissicn— House of 7
rocir.s; double parlors; rent cheap.
GUERRERO, C 54, bet. lbth and 19th— 7 suany
rocir.s and bath, yard; rent $30."
, HOUSES TO LET — FUnXISHED.
$20 — FURNISHED nr.odern small cottage; gas.
*Jectric iiglits and bath, yard and garden.
c "13 First st.. Wgft E:tJ station. San Rafael.
OAK.. 419 — Ek-cantiy furnished house, 10 sunny
roc~s. 2 baths-; piano; garden, yard.
m HOUSE, S suuny rooms; new furniture; yard;
Jt . rajden; rent fCO. IbSO Sacramento; call 2-4.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house. 10 sunny
rooms. 2 baths, tiaiio. garden, yard.
TO LET — MILL VALLEY.
ei'XXY vi:ia. fumirhed; 7 rooms, bath. C
J.QOHET. \i. V.. or ZVZ Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
r.cat cottage at San Francisco's health-
lul beach: 4 roorr.s, bath. lavatnr>-, gas end
electric light ;• cun all day; rent reasonable.
Take Park and Cliff House car, strp at «6th
aye.. jjo pruth on»-haU block to No. 1275.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; rent fls; take Folsom-st.
far. Apply luir.ber yard, corner Army and
Conor n
2 FURNISHED cottapf*. 4 rooms, S rooms;
large yard. 109 Bartlett st.
C COTTAGE cf 4 rooms and bath. Elliott Park.
rear Stelser St.. bet. OFarrell and Geary.
HOUSE-CLEAXIXG.
JAPANESE Hol'Ferleaning Offic«— All kinds
rHp. lSll Filitr.ore et. : phone Weft 255.
HOTELS.
c HOTEL St. Nlchc!ss|"Markft. Larkin. Hayes
sts. — Heart cf S. F. : modern; American and
'European plans: electric lights and phone in
t-vt-ry room; hot snd cold water; aniet.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged : manufacturer of the
Etm tricycle chair. 2CIS Mkt: tel. Park 775.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
i" C. A. McNEItT, LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
«.. fc r pleasure and business,: tel. Bush 534.
LOST A>D FOl\D.
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -r. \u25a0 — •-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0' -..-.— —
LOST — Ter. fhsre? stock Scottish Rite Ter-
n.' ;.-• '-: - pie Association cf San Frsuncisco. certficate
No. 224. issued to GEORGE W. LAKE.
Fjr.fier. or any j-.erson having information of
uar, please [atom HENRT BURNER, sec-
retary, room 50, Mascnic Temple, Post and
c Monteoirsery sts.
LOST— Friday night, 'pen-face watch: initials
E. M. E. en back: attached to fob; from
'•c Portland fair; valued as keepsake frora dead
father. Reward if returned to Yosemlte
Saloon. 7*>o Market ft.
• LOST — A rsis b x:k with the Hlbera'a Savings
»end Leon Society of San Francisco in the
rtae of FRANK B. HANNAWAY. No. 254-
ti66. t .yfrp.i.r.dfer will please return to bank..
LOST — Pure *.!ack Fp&r.iel dog; answers to
r.ame ot -'Nl'ck"; hss owner's name and ad-
dress cr» cellar. Return G. E. ENGLISH,
z .Zi~ Davis St.; rev.crd. _ .
LOST — A- blue Great I>an»- dog; Ehort cropped
czn; N-u. fi tag li'S*; name Noisy; a liberal
reward wit; be raid. DR. BAUMEISTER.
corner Dolcree ar,3 Twer.ty-r.irith ets.
LOST — J25 reward. October 10. a large slse
Ir;sh terrier with a Mack collar; no ques-
, tiens *LFked. Return to office of Hotel St.
Francis.
IjCST— Wednesday. 25th.. locket and chain,
engraved F. B Return to Emporium candy
department: reward.
LOST— Oct. 15. lai.Vs goM watch. No. ISS4S7S.
° Return to 1712 Francisco St., Berkeley, and
f receive *«ward. •
LOST — A pocketbook containing gold locket.
• $$0 :n currency, $5 Jn gold. Initials L. L. on
\u2666 book, librral reward. 1546 McAllister st.
* LOST— Locket, square. G. C. G. monogram.
picture lr.sio>: puitable reward. 104 Sixth st.
MEDICAL.
L»R. G. W. O" DO NNELL— Ladies, all who arr
wick cr in trouble," consult this specialist on
fetnai* complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunet* helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every ca*e taken: immediate relief:
no pol£cnir.g drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cares of irregularity; consult
me; Fave time ar.d money; advice tree. Office
101S M*rk»t St.; hours 0 a. m.-till 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ppe<-ia!lst for all female
con-.plaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' exjjerience. &44 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
me.!* trout!'? and irreg-ularjtles : instant re-
Hef •jruaranteed. Office hours fi to 5. Sunday
I<> to 2. Ii»SH Market «.. opposite Fifth.
WOMEN'S diseases and irregularities cured In
24 hour*; 1» yfars' exi*rSence without a fail-
ure; no trifling; etrictly private; elite patron-
age only- Dr. Sylvtster'e office. 12>:hJ Market.
DR. C* C O'DONNELL, — Office and residence
1021 *£ Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to <51?ea»=e*= of women.
DRS. £ GOODWINS' herb treatment; reliable,
c -~ nrrnpt* fcr female irrepularitles 1 ; relief
6 o/w no fee; flO; hrs. »-6. SSO Mkt. St.. suit* 37.
A— MP.P'DH. GWYER. 611 A Leavenworth rt..
b*t. Gearj- and O'F»rre!l. Phone East 697.
IjR. ar.d. MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Hrrbs;
ofigijr.el method of treatment. 1128 Market.
c DIt. P*OSEN. residence 2955 FoUom rt., corner
"; wenty-Flxth: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
I>R Hfttt'lßß. ladies' ep<cia!ist— Relief or no
fef ; fliv-houry, 9 to P. »Cig Market Rt.
MISCELLANEOUS*— FOH SALE.
KSi H» S WHITE MACHINERY CO..
*> . Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st.
Worke and Yards.' Ninth and Bryant tts.
*SV* hsye a branj new lot of pipe complete,
ready for tromedlal* delivery-
pipe- ..-5" 25 Per hundred feet (new)
*!-inch pipe *3i)5 per hundred feet (new)
1-inch pipe----* 5 T y P* r hundred feet (new)
tf 114-Inch-plpe «7C> r-er hundred feet (new)
l£-lnch pipe $S !M> per hundred feet (new)
2-lnch pipe. . .$ll H5 per hundred feet (new)
2»4-m screw pipe (2a hd); reaay for use. 10c
1-ln. oerew pipe «2d hd); ready for use. 12% c
S^-in. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use. 15c
4-in. screw pipe (2d W) : ready for use, Vie
Frr.d by '•heck, money crder or coin by W. F.
Excre*« Co., with ort!er. •
H. 8. WHITE MACHINERY C 0...
Offic<- 130 Beaie Bt.
\u25a0 Inference — Ar.y bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machin*-rs'. enclocs, boilers, pirasps.
• pulley», pharttnif. etc.. c-tc. bousbt. sold,
r*-nir*tf find exr>iBnire<i: tee £uti<!ar papers.
•I. g. IVHITE MACHY CO.. 13fr-IS2 Beale st.
BfJILFRS, er.pinr*. 21-band machinery. McIN-
TOJbH & 'iVOLP&CAN. 355-107 Fremont st.
A FT'LL tarlrty or «;nj?s «n<J pups of all df- 1
scrirJions- r*m« rnbt-r lb* Cullckc Kennels
arc tl;<- larce*" In tJ)e fc'tau-; Ki^fialty of
*»iippir.s <3os« to all parts; dogs boarded. 115
lialcht St.: phone Park 442. *
FOH tn'" — New a&d second -hand billiard and
s >ocl tsbie«: eaer rajm"nu; we rest tables
with rrivjlege of bu>inc; rnoiern bar flr-
:urey «>hra]t prices. BRUNSV.'ICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. <^2 Mlstlor t st.. U. F.
A — Uo'YF. rr.llt and r*-nis gear roschinory. «i-
tlae*. lioiier*. »-^?er pipes, rhaftiss, pulleys,
'<tc WHITKLAW. r~M MJIn tt.
Ml'tT be told: office partilibns. (rlass. etc.: 310
C^Jlfomia «. Apply at. 303 \u25a0 California st..
r:ilxF.S cr ripe *n<i fitting* : aJ! sires; cheap.
ETL'GENE RILET & BONS. office 40C a^aln
ft.; •A-a^'bot:s«. 100 Valirjo t.U
MACHINIST lath's, extra heavy. Xi. 22 and
I<l Inch; iiargiiJii. JOHNfcON & HOKAN. CO2
f TYAmi ft. - •"
A GENTS' ftll <3rcr» suits to rent. 3.
<*C«OPER. 2\ fUockion irt.. second floor. .
FOH »ale — Cow. S years oJil: 2 fjallons milk
ai;>-: vtr>' »eotl«; f23. 7* Clir^cr eU
SIISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE — Conu
FOR sale — A bargain; 1 7-HP. gaa engine, used
for exhibition on'.y, with belting complete,
j Apply 412 Mission «t.
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
ecld and exchanged : power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co., 230 Main.
SHEFFIELD hollow-ground razors, &0c; selling
out our cutlery and stationery department.
SUNSET BAZAAR. 42 Third st.
SOOO FT. 3, 4. 6 pipe: brass and iron fllllnsrs
for sajne: 2d hand. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
FOR talc— lS-ft. launch. 3-horsepower engine,
nearly new. Peters Machine Co., 21 Spear.
ELEGANT SU-foot t enameled bathtub; $11 50;
2taSo W. E. sinks, f1 50 up. 213 4th st.
FOR 6al?r-Icecr*aJn parlor and tamale cafe;
new. 2608 Market st.
200 PIGEONS cheap. Call or address F. H.
j JARViS. Laurel Grove. Fruitvale. Cal.
SKVrRAL fine Martin guitars; bargains. H.
MULLER. 2 Latham place.
BEAUTIFUL gent's diamond ring, 2 carats,
$100. PAUL V. GARIX, 114 Butter st.
MAGNIFICENT pearl and diamond cluster
ring $100. PAUL V. GARIN, 114 Sutter st.
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MCCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES^ — Printer. 011 Sansome St.,
San Francisco. «
SOLID sliver tea set, 5 pieces, at a bargain. 10
Sixth st.
TWO merry-go-rounds: one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. ECS Kearny st.
HIGH grade second-hand office safe and wagon
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st-
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WAXTED-Bues planer, handsaw, E iw tables;
would take entire plant, price rlsrht. Boi
IC4I. Call office. .
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
eff clothing. Tel. Davis 525. 650 Sacramento.
M. LEVY pays highest prices gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes: tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
WE pay cash ladies' and grents' cloth intr. .Til-
ton's Misfit Parlors. 154 9th; tel.Howard 1167
COLLECTION cf minerals for study wanted.
Add. MAX FREY. Idria, San Benito Co.. Cal.
WANTF.D — To rent, small, open gas boat;
about 4 montht. Box 1249. Call. Oakland.
SAFE wanted — Give make, measurements,
weight, condition and price. Box 3558, Call.
DIAMONDS, etc., bought for cash. Karl Eber
& Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 206 Kearny ft.
-MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick eettlements; no disappointments.
Eave expenses by dealing directly.
Estatee, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When you need money'
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY salaried employe or wage earner can
GET JUST ON HIS NOTE:
Mo. Semi-Mo. Week.
$50— Return to us $13 35 or $6 65 or $3 35
20— Return to u5.:.... £ 00 or 400 or 2 00
20— Return to us 585 or 2 65 or 135
15— Return to us 400 or 2 00 or 100
Or any other sum and pay back in proportion.
STAR LOAN CO. of Wyoming.
Room 311. Mutual Savings Bank building.
WILL LOAN
reasonable amount on
let, 2d cr 3d
Mortgages on real estate
la city, town or country.
; Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton ft., near Market.
2d floor.
Loans made to «alaried people without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
sotes. Loans on real estate In probate; life
Insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages, assignments of rents, etc.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get tenna. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* en diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market et.. tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market et. and 27 Third st.
ANY amount quickly on furniture cr piano
\u25a0without removal or other security; lowest
ratef ro commission; confidential. 5C6-7
Donohoe bldg.. 8 Taylor gt.. corner Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gaeeE. life insurance, or on any security, any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle Bill— lf you look for lowest
rate of interest and square deal. Old Flood
bldg.. SCO Market, cor. 4th. suite 1. eft. IS6S.
ALVA Co. 'The) loans money to salaried people,
without security; good terms and easy pay-
. roentt; also on other security. 507 Flood bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of Interest; gold,
silver diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought st W. J. KESTHAL'B, 10 Sixth st.
SALARIED people without security: also on
fum.. estatee In probate, life ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
3>v. ON furniture & p'sno«; $15 up: no removal;
no ccm. V. TREVAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.
ANY amount, real estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. "WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit. Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
\LL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S3S Kearny.
McGARVIE & C 0.,720 Market et., loans money,
65 to SO per cent of valuation of property^
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
OUR large and Increasing renting business en-
ables us to rent the beet pianos in the city for
$2 50 and- S3 ncr month, some at $2: one
year's rental allowed If piano Is purchased.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayep.
A NEW oiano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at S*» and $2 50: one year'e rent allowed if
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
560 Havea at. ;
A NUMBER OF UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
English uprisrht, for practice. $55.
French ucriKht. a little better, $<J5.
Also a Chickerlnr, Voss. Sterling. Curtaz,
Smith & Barnes. Mozart, Neuman, rrom $145.
BENJ. CTRTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
LEFT on sale by private party; Steinway.
$ISS; no reasonable cash offer refused. 237
Geary st. • ! : "••VO'v--.
AN upright piano; price $475; offer wanted to-
day. SS4 Valencia gt. •
AN elegant Chlckerlng upright; $165. 237
Geary «t. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister at., manufacturer
Hornurg Bros.'- pianos; agt. Laffargue piano.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-han<t, $4Q-so©o.
PI ERCE'S -Piano Factory. Market and 14th.
\LMOST clven away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos.»fum. Whitehcad's ftorage. 1636 Mrkt.
SfiHMER, Bvroti Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post et.
vf-w upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
recn'ts. i-CHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
'{-PEDAL Steinway up: Chlckerinfr baby grand.
Shot)lr.ger little used. KrenVn. 235 O'FarreU.
~ MATRIMONIAL. .' . _^ "
YOUNG man who is 20 years old with good
Income wishes to make the, acquaintance of
an honept working girl; object matrimony.
Bos lOftO. Cell offl>». .
MINES AND MINING.
TH~s~oniy reliable iron mines en the Pacific
Coast for sale. Address Manager. 20*3 How-
nrd.pt.. S. F.
MUSEUMS.
DR~~LTEB'KrETAFF Free Uiwuin of Anat«my
nioved to 1C23 Market St., near Sixth.- -
OFFICES AND STORES TO, LET.
MAJESTIC bids.. -12S1 Market St.— Nice mod-
em otocc»_tniKU^lojperjnonth_And_up : __
OFFICES — Samf block as new Postof flee.. New
Arlington. 1015 Market st.
FTORE and 4 room*; larg<» yard; . $25. : 718
Turk ft-,, near. Van Ness aye. .
THE SIAN FRANa^
PERSONALS. _J,^V_
• • "M-A-R-C-O-N-I OF \u25a0 HEALEF.S." ""• ' '•
"TOTAL DEAFNESS." w mderful 2XPERI-
MENT euggestive of \ URELESS TEL-
EGRAPHY:: "Mr. Johnson's ear was
DEAF several yeans. (Las 1 Thursday) In my
presence Rexradio stood 1! ; f eet distant front
him. then made a motion is of THROWING
with his hands. He said. "I have thrown my.
H'D RADIUM power to Its ear and 'restored
his hearing." The patien;'s sound 'ear was
next securely closed and "\u25a0 tha restored , ear
distinctly heard and the pi tlent correctly re-
peated sentences that I WHISPERI3D at 15
feet from him. I have eeen many EX-
TRAORDINARY CURES by Rexradio, but
this waa the MOST AMAZING OF 'ALL. It
reminded me of WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
Rexradio is the MARCONI of modern heal-
ers. Take a DEAF person to him ar.d "you"
can WITNESS him REPEAT this MARVEL.
Recently I saw him maki a DEAK MUTB
(In 3 seconds) both HEAR and SPEAK. .In
my opinion NO person nee' l REMAIN DEAF
with such a marvelous po-ver at hand. The
came day I SAW a nearly HELPLESS PAR-
ALYTIC Instantly enabled to RAISU his leg
4 feet high> also RUN and JUMP. 'No raat-
•< ter who "doubts" or "derles" theanj things,
they are TRUE and I am ready to co state
ON OATH. I will, give you NAMES and
ADDRESSES of many I have SEEN him
successfully treat for alleged "lniurablo"
PARALYSIS, i LUMBACO. SCIATICA.
GOITRE, total DEAFNESS. LOCOMOTOR
ATAXIA, DEAF-MUTEISM. etc.. in "each"
case the great benefits being INSTANTA-
NEOUS. Personally I ha! severe and oft*n
disabling RHEUMATISM off and , on ; over 20
years, making me BEDFAST weeks at a
time. I epent THOUSANDS of dollars vain-
ly seeking a cure.' Retradlo thoroughly
CURED me by ONE treatment; ana I RE-
MAIN perfectly well afte- BIGHTY-EIGHT
DAYS. You can WRITK or SEE me.— C.
ENGLEKE. 221 Steiner st." (Mr.;E. for
years owner and editor of CAL. JOURNAL,
has for 40 years been a prominent citizen.)
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA" had mndo me
nearly HELPLESS, when by ONE brief
treatment I was able to riove my, till then,
IMMOVABLE arm. RAISU my nearly POW-
ERLESS leg "4 feet" hi jh and LKAP off
the floor on October 7. anl I am continually
. improving to date. I SAW the 2 cases as
above reported by Mr. Ex gleke. Words are
too poor to describe the almost "incredible"
wonders I paw performed and I can give
you "names" and addresses of the patients.
WRITE me or CALL— W. Ellwood, 1114
Howard st." NUMEROUS equally wonderful
successful treatments (last week.) CALL and
SEE the patients and '.heir testimonials.
Consultation FREE. "Al!" visitors receive
a FREE SAMPLE of tie healing power.
BEDRIDDEN patients VISITED. Rexra-
dio's office hours. .2 to (. 509 Kearny st.
DR. MOORE'S Scientific Har Restorer; he will
challenge the world to produce Its equal;
shipped to all parts of w» rid. 382 O'FarreU.
$1 and $2 50 elze bottles; take no substitute.
MME GILLINGHAM. dern atologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
stored. 930 Market St.: tel Montgomery 1311.
AT less than cost; uncalled lor suits, overcoats 1
and trousers at CHARLES! LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . \u25a0
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hair dresa-
ers. Star Remedy Co., g2 l Polk st,
OLD picture frames reflnistud like new; reason-
able. California Decoratlrg Co.. 206. 6th st.
SUITS to order on installments- of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., the tailor. 729 Market Bt.
MISS UNDERWOOD, elect ie needle special-
ist, 614 Sutter st. Phone Sast 5646. .-.
S BRAND new tailor-made men's suits, cost
$25, for $9 75. 440 Bush, n •. California Hotel.
$1 A WEEK; suits to orde- $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTE N & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Ca il for the reception
of advertisements and sue jcriptlons his keen
opened at 1008 Market s:.. opposite f Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ___________
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RE~MOVED^3r~WONO H tM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of tbe human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Uason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary Et,. Nt ir Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous horb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese hei bs: 746-8 Clay st-
PLUMBING.
LICENSED Independent plumber wants work
from property owners; all necessary- shop
tools; city or country. B»ir 1277," CalV :l *""-" >
PAINTING AND PAPJSRHANGIVG.
ROOMS pTperedTw 50 up: 71..000 rolls »'ajlpa-
per. 5c up. Hartmann Pafc'.t Co.. 318 .Third.
PATENTS. V '••\u25a0\u25a0•
INVENTIONS patented: U. 8. and fcrelgn:
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
PROPOSALS. v
PROPOSALS FOR RESERVOIR— Office of
the Chief Quartermaster, San Francisco,
Cal.. October 20. 1905 — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, subject to the usual conditions,
will be received at thi9 office until 11 o'clock
a m.. Pacific Time, November 25. 1905.
and then opened In the presence of bidders,
for the construction of a ICO.OOO gallon rein-
forced concrete reservoir at Fort Miley, Cal.,
in accordance with plans to be submitted by
the contractor and specifications to be seen
in this office. The ruocessf ill bidder will be
required to give a bond in- the full amount
of the contract price for the proper <-xecu-
tlon of the work and as a guarantee to rem-
edy any structural or other defects found
In the reservoir within a period of one year
from date of acceptance. Further informa-
tion furnished on application to this office,
United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all bids. Envelope:* con-
taining proposals should be indorsed: "Pro-
posals for Reservoir at Fort Miley. Cal.
and addressed to COL. • WM. S. PATTEN.
Asst. Quartermsster General, U. S. A.;
INVITATION for Bids for Building Work.—
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids will
be received at 16 South Hall. Berkeley. Cal.,
on or before 5 p. m.. October 31. 1905, for
windows and doors for the president's house;
separate bldg also for carpentry work, ! etc.,
for the interior furnishings for California
Hall; separate bids also for the buildings fot
the Forestry Experiment Station at Santa
Monica. Plans and specifications are on fll«
at said office, except plans and- specifications
for the work at Santa Monica, which may be
seen at the Forestry Experiment Station
at Santa Monica. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond in favor of the undersigned, equal te
10 per cent of the bid, with sufficient, sure-
ties conditioned that if the bids be accepted
the bidder will enter Into a. contract faith-
fully to perform the obligations In accordance
with said bids and with said plans and » paci-
fications. The right to reject any or all bids
Is hereby reserved. The Regents of the Unl-
. \-ersity of California. |
PROPOSALS FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS—
Office of the Chief Quartermaster, San Fran-
cisco. Cal., October 26. 1905— Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, subject to the usual
conditions, will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m.. Pacific Time, Novem-
ber 10, l»05, and then opened in: the pres-
ence of bidders, for the construction and
electric wiring of frame additions* to sixteen
sets barrack buildings at the Presidio lof
Monterey, Cal. Information furnished or. ap-
plication to \u25a0 this office. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject', any
or all bids received or any part thereof.* En-
velopes containing proposals should be '\u25a0 In-
dorsed "Proposals fcr Public Buildings/ Pre-
sidio of Monterey, Cal.," " and addressed to
COL. WM. S. PATTEN, Asst. Q. M. Gen-
eral. "U. S. A. .
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.; 1604
Van' Ness aye. Phone r East M4B. . Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on freight, ii - : ,
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 1725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant! 161."-
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving 'Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore; tel. West g2B.
BEKINS Van' and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery'
Ft.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping, at cut rates.*
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
\u25a0 Ca11..- 16 "pace*. : sent, to any address -in Ithe
United States or Canada one year for gl<? -
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLI ES.
DOMESTIC — Tho machine for famlly^use;jbfst..
Is cheapest: e*cond-hand ; all mnkes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates.". Dcties-
tlc office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth. ;t
ALL kinds second-hand. $3. $5. $S:, sligatly
used. $10, $15. S2O. You know where; Sibils
.* earing In the window, - 1051 ! Market st.va j :
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES;
AN~exceptlonally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith \u25a0 Premier, 125;'. ether typewriters iat
higher and lower. prices: 'rentals, ,s2.so. v- The
Typewriter Exchange.- 530 California st." 1 »
I— M— —^ .^ — — — —^— \u25a0—^ — — —
.:..';.' RESTAURANTS. „ ' ' ",\:
FIRST-CLAES-'dellcateesen and : restaurant) for
sale.' -436 Turk st. \u25a0 .-:'.'\u25a0"\u25a0'. H.'.
— — i — — l—^ — — —^
~~ V \u25a0'.. ,'j LEGAL^ NOTICES.
NOT responsible • for bills contracted ', by : Ban-
ters :\u25a0 Bakery. - 123 .Taylor st. •: , -i « :
' CHAS.: A.; BANTEL \
REAL ESTATES-CITY— FOR SALE.
SELLING. • • ;
TO BEAT TKK BAND. --•:
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK..
$270 — Elegant \u25a0 level ; building lots, close to
school; fine car service on Mission et. ; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead; stop paying rent and
raise tho baby wheretha" ozone la not polluted;
witlr smoke and dust, to say nothing of tho
deadly .microbe; no interest and- no taxes. •
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS. -
• ' ; ONI.Y $10 A MONTH.
. $400— For finely located lots 3: blocks, south
\u25a0of the park; electric' car net-vice unexcelled;;
enhancing, in value with' every Btroke' of -the
clock; buy now; next weeK may be too -late;
VNat Goodwin" Is not ; the '- only man that ap-.
predates this beautiful section: no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY,
26 Montgomery St.. room 8. —
MARINE VIEW— PARK LOTS.
$300.
,'sso DOWN— «IO \u25a0 MONTHLY.
NO INTEREST— NO TAXES.
Adjacent to Improvements costing millions. !
Two electric roads will be running within one
year. ' v
Absolutely cheapest lots in Golden Gate Park
District.
Lots will "double in value In few months.
E. J. HOOPER, 26 MONTGOMERY ST.
A GENUINE BARGAIN. \V
Only two left of that row . of comfortable
homes on I st.. between 17th and 18th ayes..
one block from the new bitumlnlzed street,
adjoining the park; under $4000; $500 down,
balance like rent; interest 6 per cent; 6
rooms and bath; sun in every room; 2 fire-
places; open for inspection daily, .1 to 5, or
inquire room 1212, Call building.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 713 Jas. Flood building.
We build on your property or buy you a.
lot; you make a small cash payment, then $8
per month pays principal and Interest on each
$1000 of balance due, making your monthly
installments less than rent; call or send for
circular.
FILLMORE, 118-120-122, near Halght— 3 ele-
gant new flats,- 6 rooms- and bath each; rent-
ed at $92 60 a month; price $11,500. In-
quire D. CONDON, builder, on premises. 2
to 3: home address. 73 Diamond st.
ARE you looking for city property, or a home?
-.'Berkeley, Oakland or Alameda? You can save
money by calling or writing ROTHERMEL &
CO.. 507 California St., S. F. , .
BARGAIN— Two flats on Perry St., between 3d
•and . 4th ; always rented, . "j43 . per mo. ; well
built, convenient; baths, etc.; price $5200.
! Inquire 24-1 Vi Perry et.
COTTAGES. 4 and 5 rooms: terms same as
rent. Apply- owner, lumber yard, cornei
Army and Condon sts.
$0000— BARGAIN; residence, 9 handsome rms..
bath; solidly built; sun every room; nr. Pan-
handle; $2500 cash needed. P. O. box 2206. %
COME see plans of cottages; 4 rooms $S5O; 5
rooms, $1200. Builder. 436 Parrott building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
, Call, 16 pages, cent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE—^OUJVT[RYj--^oj^ale^
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
Successors to
WHITE & BAYLEY.
$750 down, balance 14 years, monthly pay-
ments; 68 acres, 3 miles Capltola; 20 acres high
Etate cultivation; 4 acres full bearing apples,
pears, grapes; 15 acres In potatoes, corn and
beans;- abundant water piped to buildings; 5
acres hay land; balance timbered pasture; B-
room, hard-finished house, not and cold water;
barn, 6 poultry houses. C outhouses; energetic
couple can clear $1600 a year easy; $3200.
$1000 down, any terms; 41 acres; one mile of
town, 60 miles city; vegetable loam; 28 acres
full bearing prunes and apneots; 10 acres corn
and potato land; 6-room housa; 2 barns; fine
poultry and brooder houses, with wire netting
yards; several large incubators: 1200 young
hens; fine income; $5000. - \u25a0 >
$1000^ 10 acres level valley land, one mile
of Orland; fine orchard, vines, berries; modern
7-room house; nice yard nnd 6hade trees; 2
good barns; windmill; poultry houses; well
fenced; $2500.
$2000 — 12 acres level loam; 4 acres- orchard;
one mile town, 60 miles city: cottage, 5 rooms;,
new barn and wagon shed; 15 tons hay; wagon,
buggy, harness, horse, tools.
$4500— Acre ..land, good town, saloon, large
stock liquors, good fixtures; public hall; black-
smith shop and tools; poultry and brooder
houses;' windmill and tanit: good 5-room cot-
tage.
$2500 — 10 acres, close to Sebastopol, on elec-
tric road; cozy cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
tarn; poultry and brooder nouses; fruit, grapes
and., berries r~lSOTse,'"; wagon and tools; $1700
down. :.-\u25a0;-\u25a0 \
$2350— 30 * acres rich soil at Yountvllle: 6
acres orchard 3 acres vineyard, all bearing;
cottage, 5 ..r00m5: , barn, poultry, and brooder
houses, 2 incubators;,, wagon, buggy, horse.,,4,
cows, 700 chickens. \u25a0* r •\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0:' T&rt'
$2000 — 5% - acres- fulr; bearing apricots and
prunes, 'near "San JOse- cozy 4-room \u25a0 cottage;
barn, windmill and. tank; poultry houses; half
cash. . "" / "
$575 down — 7 acres : sandy loam, on . electric
road, near Santa Rosa; good dwelling, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; $1400.-
$5OO0 — 25 acres sandy loam, 2 miles of Hay-
ward; 2 vineyard, 2 acres orchard, mostly
apricots; modern residence, 10 rooms, gas,,
bath; large' stable, windmill and tank;, poultry
houses; water piped over place; lovely view;
easy terms. We have many choice homes to
snow you .In .'this '-locality. 1 .
$16.500 — General ' farm and dairy In Marin
County; mile of station ana creamery; modern
residence, 6 rooms and bath; 3-room cottage
for hired help; 2 large barns, milkhouse; water
piped to buildings; family orchard; fine soil
for hay. grain or potatoes. «
We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 aero
homes "on the electric roaa between Petaluma
and Sebastopol, with or without buildings, on
a very small payment • down and balance long
term at 5 per cent interest. See them to-day.
' Send stamp for large printed list.
' 2fl Montgomery St.. room S.
:. Property Exchange a Specialty. . .
AAA— "OUR PRICES'* on ranches are lower
than anywhere else 1 because we do not add
huge commissions on to the owner's price; we
only handle places we "know" to . be good;
we "never" misrepresent a place; see us and
?ave 20 per cent; Santa Cruz County land a
specialty. .BURR-PA DDON CO.. 40 Mont-
gomery St.. San -Francisco, Cal.
FOR sale — One site 2400 square meters, situ-
ated In Chihuahua. Mexico; near depot of the
Sierra Madre, Pacific upd Kansas City,
Mexico and Oriente Railway. Address F. H.
R.. Call office. San Jose. Cal. , ;
FOR the best list of country property, farms,'
fruit .and poultry ranches, stock- ranches
alfalfa and timber lands send or call for
catalogue. ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 Cal. St.
ALFALFA Irrigated lands, $25 per acre; $1
down, $1 month: no 'interest; call or wrlto
for pamphlets; INDEX LAND AND BOND
CO., 907 Kohl bid., cor. Cal. and Monfy sts.
A MONTHLY catalogue country land bargains
sent free. C. M. W'OOSTER CO., 648 Market.
Poultry ranches." Write to J. W. Horn Co., Pet-
aluma, for free copy of Sonoma Co. bargains.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
owners of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities," * Palo Alto and Mayfield, the
Stanford University towns; • large lots, $300
and up; cement walks, graded streets, etc.;
small monthly payments; country property:
houses for. rent. San Francisco office. 720
Market \u25a0 st. ; phone Trent . 311 Salesmen
wanted. ; ", %\u25a0 ------ :."."-.' ;.•_.:'.. '"' ' \u25a0\u25a0 .
ALAMEDA" ADVERT^'M^S
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
TO let— 4-room cottage and bath to responsible
couple; no children: rent $11. 523 Pacific avo.
OAKLAND AJ)yERT ? S y MyrS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
'.•'•':\u25a0 OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
iTIUST lI AVE THE
1 "<-•= .MONEY THIS WEEK.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL-
7 \u25a0 BENEFIT ;BY MY NECESSITY.
I will sell, for considerably less "than any
of tbe adjacent; lots can be. bought for, one
° f THE MOST DESIRABLE LOTS'. H
IV THE ALTA -PIEDMONT TRACT.
V. OWNER GOING. EAST.
'All street": work, '= sidewalks, sewers.
Water and ; eae 'mains comDlete; electric
car service; magnificent, view. -
FACES ' TWO \u25a0 BROAD -AVENUES.
Restricted \u25a0; bulldinsr. : values : Insure elegant
\u25a0 'home surroundings. \u25a0<\u25a0'-. . . '
• You can clear, s3oo on this property. " ..
IT JS GOING AT -A SACRIFICE and .IT IS
- - .. -. ..-/// " : A SNAP. •• .
- Make mean offer to-day.
' V/ W. S. WHITE. 20 Montgomery St., R. 8. -.
~~- .;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- ..-"•: A BARGAIN. . . . -•'..-"."\u25a0.i
Fine.m odern home,? containing 16. rooms and
- every 'convenience; \ elegant; lawns and' gar-
-. dens: frorgpge' on-S'strcets of nearly 500 ft.;'
finest 4 resiiiPnce district '-< ln Oakland;;.' near.
'- home of .U. S.l Senator.; Geo." C. : Perkins; cost
\u25a0 . ovr" ?40, C00; :to;: to ; ; make, quirk > sale, \u25a0 price
-$30,000; -price- includes ; carpets. •
• J. \l\. MACDONALD &'CO. r , ; \u25a0
..-.!\u25a0;".\u25a0 IOcS i BROADWAY. •\u25a0.-....\u25a0 -. • '\u25a0 .\u25a0. \u25a0 ,','
OAKLAND % FURNITURE FOR ft SALE.'
TO-MORROW, the day for; bargains In furniture.' j
H. Schellhaas/aithßt., L-or.= store, Oakland.', j
JPRKELEYAI)VERT ? S ? NTS
... MUST BE SOLD. '.-
Fine new " 10-room . house in Berry- Bangs
Tract;- hardwoodflnlsh -and double, floors; this
splendid property -is .to be sold at a sacrifice
by the owner, in order to secure immediate
cash. • .
" PRICE FOR A SHORT TIME, 55000;
WORTH |6C00.:
2UO CENTER ST. 'E. E. NEWTON.
FRUITVALE^J)Y ? T ? SMNTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE. ! '
FOR sale— House" and lot: new: |900; 4 rooms.
STOTTS & ; ROHDA, Dimond, Upper Frult-
•- vale, -Cal.".' 1 -. j - , I.'- \u25a0' \u25a0'\u25a0'.--'. .% .
FRUITVALE FURXISHED HOUSES.
$25— FURNISHED cottage' of 5 rooms ano
bath. ' with high, dry basement; lof 75x130;
poultry house, fruit and flowers: near electric
cars. 1321 Twenty-sixth aye., Fruitvale. .
San Krancisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
ALTAiIONT, SE. corner Washington and Ma-
son — Furnished or unfurnished 3-room apart-
ments; convenient; : <
BUCHANAN, 920, corner McAllister— Fine
» sunny front housekeeping suites with all
modern conveniences; clean, airy and new;
regular kitchens; $15 and $10; adults. Ap-
ply DSO McAllister st. '
BRYANT, 444-^One or 2 sunny rooms nicely
furnished 'for- housekeeping.
BUSH. 637. The Chesterfield— Fine apartments
in new, modern house; convenient location;
reasonable. :\u25a0 \u25a0 • - \u25a0 \u25a0 • - -
BUSH, 1411 — 1 or 3 furnished or unfurnished
rooms. - . \u25a0
BUSH, 1628. near Van Ness aye. — Nicely. fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; all con-
veniences;' 4 ; rooms; $27 60. '
ELLIS, 029 — 3 unfurnished rooms: all conve-
niences; 2 In family; no children; reasonable.
FELL, 148, Almon— Elegantly furnished, sun-
ny front apartments; private bath; single
rooms; reasonable.
FILBERT, 1219—3 sunny rooms, garden, some
. furniture, $15; take Hyde-st: cars; references.
FULTON. 138, between Polk and Van Ness
aye. — Front room with klchen. gas, bath; call
after 4 p. m.; $12.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott — Three unfurnished,
"connecting rooms; bath; laundry; references.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 126 — Large, sunny
I rooms suited for light housekeeping.
GOUGH, 500, bet. Grove and Fulton — Con-
venient housekeeping rooms.
HAVES, 425 — Front " housekeeping rooms to
let; nicely furnished; sunny; • reasonable.
HOFF aye.. 2, off 16th— 3 nicely furn. house-
keeping rooms, connected, with gas and bath.
HOWARD, 640^ — Snap; sunny front bay-win-
dow room; gas, sink, grate; furnished; no
* children. j \u25a0 .
JACKSON, 1609, nr. Polk— Newly furnished
rooms for housekeeping; sunny; gas range.
MARKET. 1027%— Nice front suite of rooms
fpr housekeeping, with eras stove and running
water. . -
MCALLISTER. 483, cor. Van Vass — 2 or 3 de-
sirable ' connecting housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 281. cor. 4th — Furnished, sunny house-
keeping; also front double and single: reas.
MISSION. 1221, near postoffte* — Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping; no
children.
MISSION. 2647 — Well furnished rooms for
• housekeeping, and single rooms; low rates.
MISSION. 2706A — Fine furnished rooms for
housekeeping: gas and running water.
OAK 117,' or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK, 609 — Large light sunny furnished rooms;
.closets, running water; priv. family; select.
O'FARRELL, 410 — Newly furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms: running water, grate,'
gas, bath: other rooms. .. -
O'FARRELL, 1358-^-Newly "furnished rooms;
new house; gas range, etc.; $10 a month.
O'FARRELL, 1390— Nicely furnished conveni-
ent housekeeping rooms; cars pass door
every 3 minutes; reasonable.' • \u25a0 " '
PINE, 1733, one block from Van Ness aye —
Three connecting housekeeping rooms; nicely
furnished; reasonable. ' : •
POINT LOBOS aye., 2120. near 10th aye. —
Sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping;
$10, $12; adults only.
POLK, 1018 — Sunny, . front, houeekeplng rooms;
gas, bath, phone; no objection to children;
$12 per month. ~ \u25a0 ; •
SACRAMENTO. 3634—3 rms. complete hskpg. ;
gas stove, phone; new flat; couple.
SEVENTH." i 191 — Nice, sunny, bay-window
room <or housekeeping; gas stoves. \u25a0
STEINER, 1531 — Two 6unny, unfurnished rooms
.for light housekeeping: use bath; rent $9.
SUTTER, 095 — Sunny rooms furnished for light
housekeeping. .;. '-' . \u25a0
TAYLOR. . 91 1—2 furn. rooms, gas range, $10;
1 room, gas range. $7; 4 unfurnished. $20.
TURK. 381— Parlor floor, three rooms f ur-
ntshed for housekeeping; gas range.
TURK, 416, Reglna — Nicely furnished rooms;
2 connecting with bath. $25 and $30; other
:•. choice; rooms reasonable. \u25a0 :\u25a0
TURK st., 520, Flat B — Two nice, unfurnished
rooms; with use of kitchen, $B;'?as. :
TURK. 1332 — Two or three rooms furnished for
housekeeping; back yard: $12 < and $16.
VAN NESS aye., 619— Sunny furnished rooms,
with : or. without i housekeeping privilege; $7.
per month up. ' . \u25a0
APARTMENT HOUSES. V".
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell St., near Van Ness and
Market — New, handsome, fireproof, structure;
1 mod. : Improvements ; apts. 3-rm., bath; special
inducements for next 60 days; tel. South 1071 :
NEW 4-story corntr . . apartment-house; sunny
elde; completed Novmeber 1. All suites have
\u25a0. modern kitchens,* electric lights, etc. Apply
244 Ninth St.; building opposite.
RANDALL Apartments." 120, Pierce st, — Four
large sunny, imfuraished ' rooma; must be
seen 'to be appreciated. Tel. Fell 0731.
ALTA Apartments, opp. Alta Plaza — Furnished
or .unfurnished 2 ; rooms and separate bath.
. Clay St.. between; Pierce and Scott. : .
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush, Powell ; 3-room
.-,-\u25a0.\u25a0 sunny aoarts. : single rooms; modern ; reas.
GRAND view; Calif, and Lyon; 4-room "fur->
tnished apartments; complete twlth. bath: reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments. 1360 Pin*, near. Hyde
- — 2,3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat., j
MAYBELLE, .202 Grove, cor. v Van Ncsa— Van
.Neg9,-..'?-rm.- suite; Grovo. 3-rm. suite; reaa
THE Frederick, 001' Stanyan— l to 5 rooms,
overlooking . Golden Gate Park ; tel.Page 6166.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfurn.
HOTEL ST." KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts..
In the heart of: the city. -; . v ;
: 300 rooms;, 100 baths.
Modern in every detail. 1
. Rates ?3 to $15 per week. X
\u25a0 - ' Rooms, with i private - bath,' $1 day.
. Tourist travel solicited. \
A— BRUNSWICK , House," 148 Sixth st.r-Rooms,
250 to $ I per night, $1 25 ; to $5 per week and
light; housekeeping i rooms;. : open all night. -...
AT .'The Almonte.'.V 873 Marker st. \u25a0 (or No.. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms 25c to 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
,' $1 50, t0 $10 .week; house open all. night.
BELMOND House, ' over Owl Drugstore; 2 en-r
trances.- 1126 Market ; and \u25a021 - Turk— Electric
'''\u25a0 lights, running - water- in •;. every ' room; -; 200
• rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel,' I^6 Howard I St.— loo rooms;
new house; ; modern: <1 25 to $3' per. week.
CALIFORNIA, 1424— Large \u25a0 sunny, front room
. suitable for 2 , gentlemen : running •; water. :
EDDY -515— Nlceiy" furnished rro;m» ;at ( reas-
rate*i-' : ':- ->""^ \u25a0'\u25a0'-•>''." '-'- \u25a0 : '- '»'."\u25a0\u25a0 :- : *
EDDY.'-* 1178. --\u25a0 opp." \u25a0" Jefferson r square— -Elegant
sunnyj bay-window room ;\u25a0'_ suitable ; for X two.
ELLIS. C- IS-^ROOMS: \u25a0 ROOMS, ROOMS,*- BY
, DAY.<WEF.K OR MONTH. ; :,\u25a0 . :-' - - -.'.
ELLIS. \u25a0 110— New management: | sunny rooms;
-:-\u25a0 single . or .' suites ; ( gentlemen ; t your own price.'
ELLIS, 11115-^-Elesantly £ furnished -front suit*.
\u25a0 .-: for ' one \u0084; or \u25a0\u25a0-"\u25a0 two *' jjentlemen ; private flat;
;. very \u25a0 reasonable. - * . \u25a0 '
"FIFTH V: 22— Furnished", rooms) to Met; •• cholc*
;\; \ - corner , ; and \ centrally ' located. : --.'. ,
FIFI'H, ; 129-^-Furnlshed rooms to let at reason-
•; ; able \ rates/;-.-/;' f- ;:*.'.• ...•; '\u25a0\u25a0- \u25a0',- t- ;.-. -\u25a0-.:.,'-\u25a0
FIFTH, \u25a0?, 152^-Nlce • furnished .; rooms; J , location
- -.central: *" '^\u0084;^* ' .. '\u25a0-.':\u25a0 -'. '"' j ;; :V : :
FOURTH, 271— 100 rooms : " all sixes and prices;
l v new,'; modern;, hot and 'cold water. •
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and V wfprn.__ j
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st. — Choice rooms ,
by day, week or month; central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 2l»— Furnished rooms;
good location; reasonable.
GOLDEN Gate aye., 651— Furnished suite with
piano. . \u25a0 —
GRAND Pacific Hotel. 1014 Keamy St.— New
houss; all modern conveniences: rooms by day
35c up;: by week $2 up; open all nlzht. •. \u25a0
GREENWICH. 881H— Furnished room to let in
private family; bath and all conveniences.
HAIGHT, 892. . cor. Devlsadero — Sunny front
. rooms; single and en suite.
HAVES, 138, cor. Van Ness — Large sunny
room for one cr two gents; $10.
HOTEL Hamilton, and cafe, 125 Ellis, bet.
Powell & Mason sts.,S.F. — Rma $1 to $3 Der
day; steam heat & t telephone in each room."
HOWARD. 715 — Rooms. 23c to Jl per day;
$1 50 to $3. per week; reading-room, etc
HYDE, 17C9 — Furnished front sunny room to
; let.. .:.%-
•:; : .
JESSIB, 30S— Nice furnished room to Ist.
JONES. 119— Centrally located choice- fur-
nished rooms to let. .
LEAVENWORTH. 332— Furnished rooms to let
at reasonable rates. - __!__
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Fine furnished rooms,
single or en suite; well located.
LOVELY rooms; some housekeeping: Dwlght
way house; strictly high grade: Key route
sta. W. S. Joy. 2122 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
MARKET, 1004— Sunny, front room. $2 per
week: over dental parlors. \u25a0 •
MARKET. 1153, bet. 7th. and Bth— Several
pleasant furnished rooms; will rent by tha
day, week or month. . ' '
MASON. 417 — Neatly furnished rooms; tran-
sient or by week or month; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. IS32— To let, alcove suite of
rooms; hot and cold water. -
MISSION, 1309, near 9th — Furnished rooms:
private family: bath; every accommodation.
MISSION, 2232. near Nineteenth — Sunny fur-
nished room; gas. bath; to 1 person $5; prl-
vate family. \u25a0 *
MONTGOMERY. 71ft— Furnished rooms to. let.
OAK, 12, near Market — Alcove room; running
water; private home. \u25a0
PINE. 923 — Choice furnished rooms to let 1&
good neighborhood.
POND. 47, off 16th and Market — Pleasant sun-
ny front room, nicely furnished: gas, bath.
POST, 889— Large, sunny, furnished room;
gentlemen only; references.
POWELL. 216 — Nicely furnished 'rooms; tran-
sient a specialty.
POWELL. 236 — Nicely furnished rooms to let
by day, week or month.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third St.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences;
rooms en suite and single: rates. by day. 350
up; by week. $2 up: baths free to guests.
TAYLOR. 615B — Finely furnished rooms ta
rent; rates moderate. .
SIXTH, 148 — Nicely furnished rooms by day.
week. or month. .
SUTTER. l<!o9— 3 light, parlor floor, connecting
rooms; together or separate: reasonable.
TWELFTH, 310^ — 2 furnished rooms and bath
with private family: reasonable. »*
WILLOW aye.. 8, off Larkln. bet. Eddy and
Ellis — 3 unfurn. sunny rooms: $12 per mo.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — tOO
- rooms. 85c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights- (no gas), running water in every
- room: elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggag*.
' WOLF House, Howard and Sixth — No better
trancient house in city; rates reasonable; lo-
cation central. Geo. H. yon der Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms.
sS5c to $1 60 nightly. $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
- of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .
x ROO3IS AXD BOARD." ~:__r.
HOTE^TmARLBOROUGH. 404 Eddy, 404^JU«
opened; rooms modern, up to date, light, sun-
ny, airy; hair mattresses; free baths; every-
thing elegant, fresh, clean: table unexcelled."
Rates: .Rooms for 2 with board. $50 month
and upward; sinela rooma with board. $30;
everything homelike; parlor and- piano for
guests; location in the heart of -city. 404
Eddy St.. 404. ' - ': r -
ASHBURY. 845, near Park — Nice sunny rooms,
with excellent table board, suitable for
couples; phone, piano, bath; take Ellis or
Halght st. cars. _ I __
CALIFORNIA. 807— Exceptionally good table,
free billiard-room, handsome and sightly
rooms; board and room for 2. $45 up; single.
$22 CO up; suites, $55 up; see for yourself. .
LARGE, furnished double room; running
water, gas; also board; good home cooking;
suitable for two gentlemen. 817 Grove st.
SUTTER near Webster — Large eunny room foi
2 people In private family, $22 50. witn
breakfast. Box 1227. Call.
DOLORES, 1009 — Nice sunny rooms, with bes*
of . home cooking, in Mission warm, belt;
phone Blue 3636. '
GEARY. 640. Maison Tence^ — Select furnished
rms. with excellent French table board; reas.
JOHNSTON. THE, eOS OTarrell— Sunny suites
and single rms. : excellent board; references.
TURK, S22 — Sunny. rooms with board; reason-
able.v ..' '\u25a0
ROOMS WANTED.
MECHANIC ' wants sunny room; privilege of
keeping hunting dog; owner care for same.
Box. 1338. Call office. , ...
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting & busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.: high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. H. Duncan, 12S Kearny.ra. 1-2.
BIRTHS— MARBIAGES—DEATBa "
Birth, marrlase and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the \u25a0 publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of -per-
sons - authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted stmply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
HORN.
MACDONALD— In this city. October 29, 1903.
to th« wife: of James G. Macdanald, a
daughter. :>3£sS99§SGfj|: >3£5S99§SGfj|
""* "^^ * ""^ * """ " "* — "*™ ~~ — ~™»~ ™ »
DIED.
i Bates, . Catherine M.,73 Mossmayer, Philomene
Bishop. Henry. 75 M.. C 2
Block. Leopold, 36 Nicoll. Susie W., 46
; Brown, Chloe. S3 ' Pasquinuccl. R. V., 4S
Byrne, Catherine, S2 Phllllrs. Mac -
Cuneo," Giovanni. 77 Plcot. Slxte. .45
Cunningham, John, 41 Plunkett. Mary R., 21
.Do Blois, Ellen M., 22 Porter, Robert, 64
Glannonl. E.. 53 • ' Rappin. Marie A.
Grosjean, Chas., 3 mos Robinson, Chas. 11.. 45
Hyland. Annie, 51 \u25a0 Roy.; George E.. 30
- Kelly," \u25a0 Isabelle. - Ryan. Thomas X.. 52 '
Kerr.\. John;C. ; . ; 19 Schoenfeldt.Carollne,7S
I/acey. Hannah • C." Spruizola,' Rosa, 47
McCarthy. Joanna. C 3" Sullivan, i William, 23
McGrill. Patrick H. lute. John H.. \u25a059
: McSoriey.- Hannah. ." Tobin, " Alice. 55
McVey, Patrick H. Cecil. Charles. W., 56
Morgan, Mary . Wlnnant. Wm. W., 81
i BATES— In thia city, October 29. 1905. Cath-
erine M., widow of-the late' John William
Bates, a native of Ireland, aged 7$ years.
. CT Friends and ;< acquaintances '. are respect- .
. fully • Invited to attend the " funeral services
at the residence of her son, Eugene G. Bates,
2000 Lyon street, corner of Clay, on ' Monday.
at 9 :15 \u25a0 . a. m..' -\u25a0 thence to St. Dominic'«
• Church, v where a requiem mass will be cele--
";. brated* for the. repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. - Interment private. Please
:-. omit , flowers. ;- v- 7
BISHOP— In this city. October 29. 1905. Henry,
beloved v husband -of the late Sarah oA.
Bishop, "father, of Henry Bishop, Mrs. H..
.W'ilkens and Mrs.; F.>M.« Zeising. snd grand-
: : father of \u25a0 Francis 'ZeUlng.. a native of Ger-.
. . many, aged 70 years jlO months and 21 days.
tCT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrovr
:";." (Tuesday)," at >1 v p." m.V, from the ' residence
. : "of .; hU .. daughter. . Mrs. F. - 11." : Zeising. 772
'" Stevenson -* street, " off ; Ninth. . Interment
... Mount : Olivet " Ceniet ' rY -f" ? '^y^rait a tWHflW|
BLOCK—In . this '• city." October 29. lO'.'S.
\u0084 Leopold :.: Block -of U\ Arroyo Grande, . . Cal.,
brother ; of , Joseph Block, a ' native cf Alsace. '
. Germany, i aged 3G years.
BROWN— ln 'Napa, "Cal.V October 26. 1903.
\u25a0V- Chloe \u25a0Brown.''.. wife of the, late Smith Brown.
; CEMETERY 'PLOTS;
In Odd ' Fellows' ? and Masonic , Cemeteries can
j 'fee exchanged for Plots in "
j/ MOUNT OLIVET.
For :"particulars "' apply -at * City . Office,
GRANT BLDG.. MARKET & SEVENTH STS. \u25a0
\u25a0^roSwa-"naHFrqrapry"firTMfri<pr'iy MM p^r™»T*'''T'''*****
I and mother of the late Mrs. Frances Edger-
ton. Mrs Homer S. King and Dana W.
Brcwn of S*attl«?. Wash., a native, of Mas-
sachusetts, in her eighty-fourth, year.
BYRNE— In thia city." October 28, 1905. Tatn,-
erinc, dearly beloved wife of 'Nicholas
Byrne." a native of County Louth.- Ireland,
aged 92 years.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 95.0 c. m.. from her-lato resi-
dence, 2142 Howard •tr«*t. thence to ' St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a r«-
Qulem high mass will b« celebrated for th»
repose of her soul at "B o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CECIL— In San Leandro. Cal- October 2S. 1903.
Charles Westley Cecil, beloved brother of
Mattie Cecil and Mrs. Mary Weaver, a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 56 years' and 5 months.
CUNEO— In this city. October 29. 19C3.
Giovanni Cuneo. father of Antonio an*.
Thomas Cuneo and Mrs. C. de Martini, a*
native of Italy, aged 11 years.
CUNNINGHAM— In thia city. October Zl,
lfx 5 John Cunninsham. a native ot London,
England, aged 41 years 7 month* and \u25a0 5
da>-3. - A member of Pacific Coast Marina
Firemen's Union.
ETThe funeral will take place th!» day
(Monday) at 1 P. m.. from the- parlor* cf
McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. latar-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DE BLOIS— In this city. October 29. 1305.
Ellen M.. dearly beloved wife of William J.
de Blois. mother of Roy "William d» Blois.
loving daughter of Dennis and Annie Mor-
ris, and sister of Patrick J.. James J.. Ester
and Gertrude Morris. Mrs. F*. Lavoy. Mrs.
T. E. Harrison. Mrs.* Charlea Bennett and
Mrs. Thomas McDermott. a native, of Saa
Franciaco, aged 22 years 3 months and 19
days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morroar
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. ra., from her late resi-
dence, 67 Dehon street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul. commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cros3 Cemetery. /
GIANNON'I— In this city. October 2S. 1905.
Ennenegildo. dearly beloved husband \u25a0\u25a0 of
Antonietta Glannonl. a native of Santa An-
drea di Compito. Lucca, Italy, aged 53 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the> funeral Tuesday.
October 31. *t 1:15 o'clock p. m-. from his
late residence. 106 • Third avenue, between
Lake and California streets.
GROSJEAN— In this city. October 29. 1905. .
Charles- E. Grosjean. dearly beloved son of
Charts E. and Ei!y Mafconey Grosjean, * '
. " native of San Francisco, aged S months and
i flays. . . —
C 7 Funeral and interment private.
HYLAND— In Oakland. October 2f>. 1903.
Annie, beloved wife of Michael Hyland. and
mother of William T. Hyland and the U»*
Edward Hyland. a native of Ireland, aged
Sl^years and 8 months.
B^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow- <Tuesda»». at
S:."?0 a. m.. from, her late residence. • 207
Third street, thence to the Church of Im-
maculate Conception, where a requiem hifh .
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at i> o'clock. Inter-
ment St. 'Mary's Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. October 29. 1905. Isa-
bella Kelly, beloved «i3ter of Sarah Kelly
and Mrs. M, J. McGlnnis, .a native of Dub-.
' Hn. Ireland.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteni the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). October 31. at 9:30 o'clock a. m..
from the parlors cf Carew & English. 29 Via
Ness avenue, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at It)
o'clock. Interment Holy Crass* Cemetery...
KERR— In thia city. October 2S. 19C5. John.
C. Kerr. son of John and Jane Kerr. aged"
19 years and 4 months.
SE^The funeral will take place to-morrow
at 10 a. m., from his late residence, thence
to Mount Carmel Church, where- a requiem,
high mass will be rendered for the reposa
of his fcoul. \u25a0 Friends and acquaintances ar*
' Invited.
LACEY— In Seattle. Wash.. October 23. 1903.
Hannah C beloved wife of Charles C. Lacey.
and loving mother of Prlscllla. Eleanor and-
Edgar Lacey and Mrs. A. J. Turner of San
Francisco, a native of New Jersey. " • .
C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend, the funeral services to-morrow (Tues- .
day), at 10 a. • m., from the chapel «3f N..
Gray & Co.. Sl2-614 Van Ness avenue, be-
tween Golden Gate avenue and Turk etreet.
Interment private. Friends can view the-
remains at N. Gray & Co.'s parlors until-
time of funeral. .
MCCARTHY— In this city. October 29. 1905.
Joanna T.. dearly beloved wife of Charles
McCarthy, and loving mother of Ella, -' Jos-
ephine, Charles and John .McCarthy, a natlvai
of Boston, agerl 63 years. • -\u25a0«-•-.. ;-.-
C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-*
fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Tuesday), at 8:45 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence,.. 065 Lombard street, thence., to St.
Brigitl's Church, where a requiem, high mas 3 ,
will .te celebrated for the repose of h«r eoul."
commencing at 9:30 a. ra. Interment Hoiy
Cross Cemetery, via special car from. Third
and, Town3end streets at. 11:30 a. m. . \u0084:
McGRILL — An anniversary requiem high ma<t
will be offered at St. Rose's Church for th«
repose o! the eoul of tbe late Patrick H«
McGrill, father of William- A., Merced*s
Sadie and George . F. McGrill, to-morrow
(Tuesday), October 31. at J> o'clock. Frlenda
are lespectfully invited to attend.
McSORLEY— In this city. October 2S, 1905.
Hannah, beloved wife of Arthur McSoriey,.:
and devoted mother of Hugh T.. Edward *
J. and Mary \V. McSoriey, a native of Dub-
lin, Ireland.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
October 30, at 9:30. a- m., from her lats
residence. 2119 A Howard street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of her soul at 10 a. ra. Interment
Holy~Cros3 Cemetery. . .
McVEY— In this city. October 29. 1905, Fat*
rick H., beloved husband of Catherine M>
. Vey. father of Katherine and Charles Mc-
Vey, and brother of Mary A., Kate F. and
Charles A. McVey. a native of Ireland. .
C7The funeral will taka place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 9:15, a. m.. from his lats>
residence. 1835 Scott " street, corner of Pine.
thence to St. Ignatius Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of his soul, at 10 a. m. Interment ;
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORGAN— In this city, October 29. 1905. Mary,
• beloved wife of Thomas E. Montan. and
mother of Thomas' D. and A. W. Morgan:
Mrs. 11. G. Pfaeffle. Mrs. Hattie Parry.*
Mrs Etta Hutchlnt* asd " the late Jamc9 B. '
Morgan, a native of Maine. . ' . ».
E7 Friends are respectfully invited to at-i
tend the funeral services Tuesday. October
31. at It o'clock a. m.. from the resident*
of her daughter. Mrsv JI. G. Pfaeffle. IS3»
Market street. Interment p'rlvate. , •
MOSSMAYER— In this city. October 29. 1903,
Philomene M.. beloved wife of>Antone Moss-
mayer, and mother of Frank. August. \u25a0 Anton?.
Charley Mary and Mlnnl* Mossmayer, a na-
tive, of France, aeed 62 years. ' ; »-.
CyNotlce of funeral hereaftar. * Remains
at tho parlors of N. Gray & C*. 612-614 Van
Ness-aven-^e. between Golden Gate avemie>
and Turk' street. *
NICOLL — In Saa Mateo. Cal.. October 29. 1905,
Susie W. Nicoll, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Margaret Nicoll, and sister of Mrs. IsabHl*
Venton. a native of Scotland, aged 44 yyts
3 months and 9 days».
(E^Notiee of funerar hereafter.
PASQUINUCCI— In Ocean. View, October 28.
1905. at 119> Sherman avenue. Rinaldo- V.. •
loving husband of Anna E. Pasquinuccl, and
father of Mrs. W. Lowans and - Irene. Ade^
line. Rlnald F.. Leo- B. and Will H. Paa-
qulnucci. a native of Italy, aged' 43 years 3
months and 13 days. . A member of Y. M. L.
\u25a0 No. 7. .•- '•* " - •' \u25a0
E^Notice of funeral -hereafter.
PHILLIPS— In this "city.- October 29.' 190ST-'-
, Mac beloved wife of Dr. Frank H. Phillips.
and mother of Helen D. and Fay D. Phillips. .
a ! native of Massachusetts. \u25a0 - \u25a0 . :
CTTh* - funeral . service* will take olaca
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.v at
the rarlors * of : Halsted: & Co. . 946 Mission
street. Interment private. ...
PICOT— In Alameda. Cal.. October 29. 1905.
Sixte Plcot, .beloved brotner . of Mrs. M. .
Coustier. a native ot France, aged 43 years
9 months and 6 days. : . , . ,
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
October 30. at- 9 .©'clock, \u25a0a. m.. from "his
"late residence. 2433 Webb avenue, thence to
i»t. Joseph's Church, at 9:30. where a r«^ .
qutenvhish mass will b« celebrated for th<»
repose of his. soul. "Interment "St. Mary's
Cemetery. 3HMjBBAn
PLUNKETT— In this city.' October 29. 1905.
Mary R.i Plunkett <ne« McLauarhlla).' 4 b«-
loved wife of.Kobert M. Plnnkett. - sister of
Frank McLaughlin. • and srranddauKhter of
the late John Kearney, a native of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., aged 24 years and 10 months.
• CT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), October 29, at 9:CO o'clock a. ra..
Continued on Pase^Tca. ,
WOODLAWN CEMETERY^ :
\u25a0 ;\u25a0 - San : Mateo . county, s
MASONIC CS.METEBY A3SOCWTIOX,
BSCJamea Flood Building. S. F.
I James McGinn. H«nry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN.A CO..-
Formerly '.With McGinn Bro*.
- — Funeral • Directors and Embalmers—— —
- : < r214 Eddy st. ', Tel. 'East 88.- '*-'•
910
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued from Fasre Klae.
from th« residence of her «lstw-ln-law, Mrs. |
R. J. Eteele. 427S Twenty-fourth street,
« thence to St. James Church, where a requiem
high inaae for the repo« of her uoul will be
celebrated, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
PORTER— Ia this city. October 27. 1905. Rob-
ert Porter, a native of New York, arred 64
years. (New York papers pleaee copy.)
CyFrientit, fccquaiiiU*ices and members of
* the G A. It., and Ladies of Seven PJne»
Circle ' No. 3. Ladle* of tru; G. A. R.. are
respectfully invited to atttnd-* the funeral,
which will be held una>r th* auspices of
George H Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R-. at
their hall, 220 Golden Gate avenue. Monday,
October 30, at 1 o'clodk p. m. Interment
rtoorge H. Th»ma« Post Plat. National Cfcm-
eterj- Pr^eidio. Kemaias at the parlors
A. W. MtrHn &.Co.. 313 O"Farrell etreet.
IIArPIN— In this city.' October 29, 1805. Marie
A., be*ov«d wife <«i the late .Dr.' G. liaopln,
ajw! l»elo\-ed mother of Victoria. MatMda and
Err.ma Raspln. .a aattve' of Switreriaad. . ..
CT Friends find acquaihtanoes' are . respect- ;
fully Invited, to ettend the funeral: services
et Swr l«te reelAenp*. MOS JJtocktoft *tre«4, \
on T»«#day. October SL at 1. p. n0.. . lotetr (
cent prt»^t*. I. O. 0... F. Cemetery. .;;\u25a0.-.•
ROBINSON— In xhte c!tr, Charles ;H., beloved;
hasband of EUA.b«ilj Jtoblason. *.-B4ttr» *if '
S»n Fraaeieco, Cal.. aged 46 y*ar* -SiaWli*,
tad- 16 daye. - "„ :»*-' •.-;;\u25a0\u25a0 ":.v.--'".;.i :-'-'''
CTKotle* of funeral r.ereaiter, "'-/.C •?\u25a0\u25a0".•*••'/-
HQ>X — October 27. lOCS, G«or?« E.v' dearly vbei'i
UM-efi ecu o: Jtlii A and the late G-Aorce E.
Her, and lovrcff brother -of Mrs.' Boeto Roy-
Ttll«r. iirt. FanaSe Roy. Clarke and the late
Al«xs«fi«r A. Koj-. a caiive at. Saa rran-
clsco, cal.. ayed SO years "6 tnontba and . 20 '
daye. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0 \u25a0 " ::*:".. :'. \u25a0.\u25a0'."' :v
• CTTte fJiniEnsl wtil tafce jflaee frcmi.'th*'
rp.«?dcßcc of jits mother, tfiSOFolaom street,
xo-iajr Orftwidey), at 9 a. jo., tn«nc* .-. to;
fit Pricr'a Churca. wfcere a requiem ' High,
lasts will b<? celebrated tor the. retwstj of
fcls soul, at 8:20 a. m, Intartnent : Koly
Cross C«»etery. . \u25a0 \u25a0 , \u25a0; ', =\u25a0.. ;.;'
RYAN— Ik this city, October 28, ISOS, Tbcrnas
K. R>aa, a native of Wtteaveixi. '. +t*A 53
y*ar*. President ot Cen^nt-Warksrs". Uaion,
Local " iT tecretary-lrtt?ur6r of Aine:rtoan
CrculmrSood of Cement- Workers, and Court
IktttyJVß-er N« 41, Foretters of America,
C7"K«i>ialas" at the rarlora of ifcFadWen,-
Mcßzeu-ty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
ys »m Srt-enth a-rul Eic&ih. , ,
SCHOENFEI^DT— In this city. October- 29.
lfiOS. Garo'.lne ScUoenfeldt, bek>v«d matter of
August, pred «nd c!?harle» Sohoenfeldt. a. na-
tive of Germany, aped 78 year» 11 months
tnd ?.1 fisya. «J! «•« • ~\u25a0 •* .*.- ""•
C?-Notjce of funeral hereafter. ' Keaaaina
at the chapel of diaries H. J. Truruan & Co.,
3POB Mission street, between FlftaenUii . and-
S'xteerjth. c " \u25a0«, t . . '• -
SPTtUZroi-A— ln this cUy. October 23. lflt>s.
at her reslA^iee. U27 Broadway. - Ro6a
Spruzzola, dearly belored veii* ot Louis
Pprnizoia. an<s belarefi mother of \u25a0 Altllio*-
P»r.k. Francis, Henry, Louis. Bra and Ida
E^ruxzo!a Mrs.- Beatrlc* Svago and- Mrs.
*&.«<• F:iipp!r.l. a native of Italy. oe«l 4"
years 3 months an<J a day*. - : . *•* .
BfLLIVAN— In this city, October 29. 1905.
TTlll'atn. beloved eon of Ros« aad the-- laia":
WllUasi J. Sullivan, a native cf San Fran- :
cfeoo, CaY, as«l 22 years. . .-'..'.' .'.";•
TAT£— ln this city. October 2T, 180*, ".John
Hetrcnian Tatc, .a native of New York City.:
arefi 59 years and » montba A ' member at
C«»rc» H. Thomaa Post'-Uo. 2. ,G. • A.* R.
<Ncr» York papers please copy.) .' - . -
C7"Trlends und acquaintances are res&ect-
fu!ir invited 10 attend the funeral, -which
tvUl be liPid under the auspices of Caorge -IL
Tlicnifee P<<Bt No. 2. G. A. R.. at -.their
htiH, 22<» Goidcn Gate avenue, Tuesdays Oc-
• tcber SI, at 2 o'clock p. m. Intenaent
<;«v»rge H. Thomas Post Plat. National Cem-
«»t<?rv. Presidio. r..-jua !r.> at the funeral . par-
kir«^ ot McGinn Bros., 221-22(5 XcAllUtex
«r«et. - -' - -\u25a0 . - " ,
TOlitN— lo this city. October ' 29. 1005. at her
residev.Cf, Ifxft FVirida street. Alice.- be-
lev^tl wlfo of J«rii<-s Tcbin. and loving mother
cf J.. Tho?r.as and Alice TobJn, a
oa«Ke of CaiUn, Cour.ty Kilkenny. . li-flanfl,
ajrM C 5 years. ' \ -\u25a0 \u25a0 ••\u25a0
"WINNANT— In Alan.e<la, <"Al.. October 29,
yj'X: Willtwn Watty Winnant. father of Mrs.
»• V.. O. J«tir&l».v. Sirs. Prank Webster • and
Wts. NOMnaaßoae, » native of New Tork;
ap»<i 81 years 1& month? and 20 days, .. .
KKAJi ESTATE TRAXJ-ACTIOSS.
SAT-CUD AY.' OCTOBDR 2S
PMix E. s.n< Jenaie A. HtrnleSn to "tt'arren
. fajne, iol aei W li^e of Poilt t*reet. 31 S
' Clay. S tti&'bjr "ft" %l :t>; "SIO. * ' **
.•>*::;.\u25a0 to same. Jor on .W W«c of -Polk street.
S of Clay. 8 TB:C by "W $10-
Iltbecca J. Boone vo Katherini H> Withrorr, ,
Jot *>n >> line of Pine street* 137:0 W ot La- :
euiia, W tS:» ky N 137 :C; $lw.
Minnie and Henry B^lasco to Frederick
Hoffmann, lot oji W line of Webster etre-et, '
C2:ti S <iX Ellis. S 25 by W S7:«; ?10.
Luciu* E. and Emma T. Greer.e to Josephine
H. Bishop, lot on N line, of Broadway, 137:0
\u25a0\V of \\>bster. W 80 by N 275; grant.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to W. R. Clark, lot
on N line of Vallejo street. CS \V of Devisa
dero. W .C by N 137:6; $10.
Same to Arthur M. Sharp, lot on N line* of
Va]lfjo street. I<X» W ot Dertsadero, W 2:6
by N 137:6; *K»
Estate of Henry L. ScMner (by M. J.
Hyr.e?, administrator) to John W. McCarthy,
lot on N line of Fulton etre«t. ~G:'.i E of First
avenue. E 25 by N 10<) : JISOO.
Emma G. Butler to Federal Security Com
pany, lot on S line of Haoiflc street. 148:8 W
01° Presidio avenue. W 65 by S 127:8 Vi: $10.
John V. and Eliza S. "Tryor to Wallace
Bradford, lot on N line of Jackson street, 80
TV of Sprjce, W 27:0 by N 127 :SU: JlO.
John I'tschig to Joseph Eecall and Pierre
Allemand, lot on W lint- of Shotwell street.
IS" N of'fc'ixtet-nth. N 25 by W 120, quitclaim
dc*d: HO.
Mary M. Bannick <Kadel) to Henry Cail-
Iran'l.'-lot on S line of Pacific ftreet, 91:8 W
of San.«omc. W 22:11 by S fS:9: $10.
Frank and Emilie Trfbois to Carlo O. Fauda,
lot on W lin-:- of Montgomery street, 45 S of
Pai-ifir. S 23 by W 75; ?10.
Bankers' Investment Company to TVilliam
A.. Thomat anJ Frederick E. Mace»\ lot on S
line of Geary street. 104:*^ w of K*>arny. W
4i>:<'' 4 . S 6.':6 1 i, X to Market. NE 48:SHi
SfW r.2:t>'->. N a«: 2"4 and property wall. 45
coy. 2*J; $10.
Saving? and l^oan Society to Adolpli and
Lizzie Rosenshino. lot on SE corncr-of Jack
son and Mason 6tretts, E 47:6 by S 89:7. quit
claim d*ed; fl.
Adolp'n aji<l I.lzzie Roscnshine to James A.
Cl«rk, Fanie; flO.
Holme? Investment Company to J. Under
w<yxi and Oracs S. Hall, lot on B corner of
6ixth and Tehama streets. SE BO by NE
ICO; $'0.
Janies C. Shaft/, r to Peter Tamony. lot on
WE corner of Twenty-fifth and Yolo streets,
125 by E 100; $10.
TaMtha N. Taylor to Julie 1. Haste, lot on
£ line of Twniy-flrKt avenur. UK) S of Clem
ent street. S 2T> by E 120; gift.
Hugh O'NVill to Kavid D. t*hean, lot on SW
ccrtirr of Twenty-fifth avenue and Clem'r.t
Etre^t. W 30 by S J»Xt; *](».
Solomon and Dora G'.tz to IJavid Ho'ile. let
on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 125 N of
"Point Ix.bos, N L's by W 12t>; ?IC.
("ath«rine F. anl Thomas L. Hill to Frietia
R. Majors, lot on X lino of Fourth avenue, 175
N of A Mreet. N 25 by E J2<>; $I<J.
Frank 11. end Julia F. Kellers to City and
County of Kan Francifk-o. tot on E line of
Fourteenth avenue. 174:11 N of B Ftreet. N
K:S. E lfi!»:l. SE .TJ, S%V lcti:4, quitclaim
d«d; $5. -A'h'i
W. M. and Grace I^erey to pam««. lot nn E
line of Fourteenth avenuf. 174:11 N of " B
etrr-ot. N 38-fi, E VBO'.K SK :V, W 106:4; $1J 25.
c fonx to same, lot on NW corner of Thir
teenth avcnui- an«l B street, W 140 by N 600,
<jui*<-!aim f)f-od; fl.
14a M. Williams to 1». V. Ma^lvan, lot on
1C line of N Ftr'-ct, 82:0 Wof T»-nth avenue,
W CO by N I0O; $5.
\u25a0 Etetatde licalty t'omr^ny to Anna M. Judd,
lot on 1"! line»of Fourtcntli avenue, 175 N'of
R Ftrc«».T. N r-0 by B J2O: 51 •'.
« E'liva'ni C Tlammcnd to Sernhard Oetz. lot
on KB <-orn«>r of Thirty-fifth avrnuc and S
*?n»et. E t'W». S l.%<«:0, W 120:,'{, N SO:3. W
ISO. N ICO; $30. • .
I*. H. "byons to Hattio Grunauer < wife of II.),
let on fi Hnt- of T etrret. 32:fi E of Thlrty
eixtli avf-nw, E 175 by S 1(K); $10.
c Tlio:nas- Dunning- to Bernhard Gets, lot on W
lino of Thineenth avenue 17r. S of U street S
25 by W 120; $!<>.
Liilie E.. Peter J.. Matilda, Albert T. and
Vio'.pt F. Laflln to S. l>ucas «'ompany. lot on
N corner of Fifth avenue and *L «treet, NW
2<>o l>y oNE l(w, • Jctii J45 and 14«, block 81,
Central Park Homestead; $10.
Anri'M-'aiifornian Bank to F.mma M. Stod
riart (wife of A. <\>, lota X so 12 and 15, block
F. Park Uane Tract 4; SIS.
Fran'-I^zck Kawalowskl to Warner "Temple,
lot on NE corner of Uiclilimd etr»>«>t and South
avr-nue. X' so by E 10!», lots 5S end 03, block 7
Holly Park; Brant.
Warner Temple to Franciezck Kawalkowski,
\u25a0aim: ?50.
'Williara and Annie Tucker to Prctestan*
Episcopal Bishop, lot 1962. plft map 4; grant.
T'rotfsstant Episcojjal I<i!<hop to Rector and
Wstry of Church -of the Advent, same; H.
• ' Ab!^.ham C. Freeman 10 Ocean Shore Rail
v.ny Company, lots « to 20. .TO to 5O,"lB9to 2'JO
£74 to 2*o. 287 to 293.' ZW to 344. .'{s4 to :jT.s'.
421 to 437, 030 to 040, 575 and 876, gift mao
4; $10.
John K. Carter to same, lots 213S to 2144
2lit> to 2148, 2151 to 23M. 2153. 2177 to
2178. 21S-1 to 2187. 211X5 to 2224, 2119 to 2424,
came, quitclaim deed; (10.
Alameda Couni.v,
Edward and Susie J. Pierce to Mary J. Con
nolly, lot on SW corner of Atlantic and Wil
low streets. W 75 by S 25:7. lot Ifl, block
465. Gibbons property at Oakland Point, Oak
land; $10. • - :
Harry B. and Beesl* L>. Nichols to John
Clute, lot on RE corner of El Dorado and
Fnirrr.ount avenues. E 141.70. to E boundary
line of lot 31. S C 2.47. "W 133.78 - N'~ 40 to be
*rlnnlnK. lot 31, block P. map No. 2. Linda
Vista Terrace. Oakland: $10.
Kdward E. and Lucy Force to Abble J
Fleming (widow), lot 73. E % of lot 73%. and
c "W i,i of lot 72>/4. amended map of Moss wood
Tract, Oakland;. l lo.
C. A. and. Ellen M. Martin to S. Etandcllft
Btevene, lot on S Hne of Blake •treet, 8" \u25a0 E
of Ellsworth. E 40:6 by 6 44:10, ; portion lot
14, block B, Leonard Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Martha Eujtcnla Cohen to George V. and
DETECTIVES WATCH
EAILWAY MAGNATES
Gather Evidence of Attempt
to Pack Commerce.
Convention.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— "Evidence tending
io prove that efforts were made by rail
road interests to pack the recent conven
tion of the Interstate Commerce Law
league will bo talcen to Washington «by
the notification committee and placed Be
fore the" proper authorities* when .they
go to the capital tt> . . sefe President
Roosevelt with a copy of the resolutions
adopted by the convention in Stelnwfty
HalU" '
Thfs statement was jnade to-night „by
"Judge Cowaii of ITort Worth, Texas, wfto
•was a. delegate to the^ convention. Ac
cord(ng jtp Judge Cowan the executive
•committee of tlie league for several weeks'
.i?ercajs.tb«:Aai?.'bi -the: convention had die
iLectl'V^. bu'syjgXthyring 'evidence- showing
\u25a0i£s& 4^-TOHrp^dajV.-ert attempting to in
;jttu^h^i*;;iaj^|»^JL^^tt'li'tlie .purpose ot "&$
t^ti^;tiwi'.:.^b^ci\df "tlie convention In
i)a4pilsihfi s.3|?V«si<i^jiV "lio'osevelt's position
s lion f •* **.
: Qf. 'th4~ch;^cges" ugalnst our cob-,
V«^t4bo':^y v :ifi«-;:ir"&riroaia' .people," said.
Jwig^ '^o>*kn:ltchntgiiti. "is that oyr nteet
lng:'^sas h^ld/tct^pglitical purposes. Thl«
ls^mi^ife«i,Jjr;i^l^u^pUa, as mote than
\u25a0half.:th.e' diflegk.tes.;!!!. Stein way Hall were
Delni^cnit^i.froni • Southern. States. "Tbls
moVeißieni "-'-te :%rc4dßr than any - political
pa,rt>%:':aria tM®* 6 -. connected with the
mjoyepaenr-i'li^fiiuda . representatives, bf
everji • party: «Lt»d every line of business
in. thfli. country • We will organize imme
diately lh:;every State, and when. Con
gress . takes up .President Roobevelfs
message. ;on governmental . rate regola
ticn next, winter we will send one of the
largest j and-, most influential and repre
sentative '.. tobbies to Washington ever
seen in. the. capital."
BRiEI mm NEWS;
fALLS JTROM CAIWM. McGlnty fell trom,
a Unipn-etreet car yesterday while he was un
der thft inSuence of liquor. He sustained some
lacerations .of the scalp. . ;
TUlgy 'VISITS . TOOLHOUSE'. — George
KrcvU. 4<l J street, reported to the' police
yteterday .that a.toolhouse at a new building
on Eieyenth.. avenue had been entered and
tool* of. th* Value of $12 stolen.. .-* .
" ; CiUGHT; UNDER FALLING- HOCK.— A-Ja
borer Banaad John Maloney. working on the
cut-off line, of railroad through the Potrero
bUISi \u25a0 was severely Injured' yesterday on the
legs. te«t ' and hands by tailing rock, which
eacght him while he was working in tunnel
No. -2. . He *as treat«d at <he Potrero Hospi
tal-by* Dr. Buell.
• ACCUDENT RESULTS FATALLY.— John O.
Hart, * grlpman, died at St. MTary's Hospital
yesterday, and the body was taken to tho
Morjfue. ; On the morning of October •.*«, while
Hart lvas crossing McAllister and Larkln
streets on his car, he ran Into the cable and
was pitched headlong out of the front window
of the car. It was -of thesi injuries that he
died. ./ .-,'.' .\u25a0j-;...* : * * 8
CHARGED . WITH BURGLARY.— DanieI
Coakley, a . laborer, was arrested early yester
day morning _ by. Policeman *J. P. McConnack
on-Sjtear street ahd booked at the City Prison
on a ctiarge'.of "aurßlary. He wan carrying a
case of wine and a. case of lard* which he had
stolen fn*n a-fr*lght'car of the Santa Fe Rail
road at Harrison, and Sp>ear street^.
. .HURT BY BAND SAW.— William McCauley,'
while wprking as a bench Hand in a Bryant
ittrett cornice factory yesterday, came in con
tact with the band saw, resulting in his re
ceiving a severe .cut on the left *-houM«T, and*
the amputation of the first Joint of his little
finder «n the left* hand. Dr. Kuclch dressed
th>" v.cunils at th* Central Emergency Hospital.
MAY I.OSE SIGHT OF EYE.— Alexander
T-ylor. «94i> Railroad avenue, foreman for the
Whltel? Ccntractinr Company, while working
au Fifth avenue and S street on Saturday wasi
shot in, the "light eye with bird Ehot by one of
twn "beys who w*re shooting- at bird? near
Islais Creek. He was taken to St. Luke's
Hospital. It Is feared that he may lose the
eight of his fj-e.
WANTED FOR ROBBERY.— John Rath, a
bartcnder^lvltift- at 12 1 * Hawthorne street, was
standing at Sec< nd ajid Howard streets early
I yesterday morning when he was struck on the
; leg by a cobblestone thrown by Hugh Freel. a
bailor. Freel was arrest'd by Policeman Hin
richs and locked Up in the City Prison, as he Is
wanted by Detectives Regan and O'Connell
of the Southern District on a charge of rob
bery.
WOMAN EMbeZZLER ARRESTED. —
Leung Kit. a Chin'-se married woman, was ar-
I r«>Bt<>d by Detectives Bralg and McMahon at
Jackson and Stockton streets yesterday on a*
warrant charging her with felony embezzle
ment. The complaining witness Is Tong Chang,
editor of the Chinf-se World, who alleges that
on October 3 the defendant obtained from his
wife S2OO worth of gold bracelets on her rep
resentation that she wanted to wear them
while having her photograph taken. Sh?
pawned she brartJlets and left the city. She
did the Fame thlwr with Tong Chang's moth
er-in-law and other <Thine«? women.
(•ernian LatllcN Give Danrr,
The German Ladies' Benevolent Soci
ety gave an entertainment and ball at
Saratoga Hall last night. There were
many pretty souvenirs given away to
dancers. A large crowd was in attend
ance.
A Boomerang; Explonlve.
A Connecticut man of an inventive
turn once sought an interview with Mr.
Root, while the latter was Secretary of
War, for tlie purpose of explaining the
merits of an explosive of his invention.
"This man." says Major General
Corbin, who chanced to be in the Secre
tary's office at the time the inventor
was received, "claimed to have the
most powerful Explosive the world had
ever seen. 'It would destroy any<army
against which It is directed,' declared
the yankee. 'Now I propose to send
up a balloon over any army attacking
us, set tins a fuse connected with a
quantity of this explosive, and so tim
ing It that the explosion would. occur
at the precise moment that the balloon
floated directly over the army of ,the
enemy.'
" "That's all very well." observed Mr.
Root, 'but. suppose that a current of
air shouid unexpectedly carry your ex
plosive balloon over bur army — what
then?'
"'My friend.' calmly replied the in
ventor, impressively tapping the Secre
tary on the arm, 'in that case, our army
would have to get up and run : — and run
like the devil, too!'" — Collier's. Weekly.
Ell* N. nix. lot on S.line of Sixtv-flfth etreet.
1M.60 E of rihsttuck avenue, .E 40 by 8 120,
portion Vicente lVralta Reserve, as wr Kel-
Irrßbercr's rnai> of Rancbos V. and D. I'e
ralta. Oakland: JIO.
Duncan E. MoKlnlay to W. 11. Sawtcll.
lot on N line of Joy (or Sixty-third) street, SO
E of Rrhocl. % Vm by N ICO, beliiß E 10 feet
of lots 10 and 11, and W 20 feet of lot 12, block
V, mau 3, Roberts and Wolfskin Tract, Oak
land; ?10.
Pifdrr.'int Uulldlni Assiociatloii (corporation)
to Mauiif U. llad*nfeldt (wlfo of Herman D.),
N &O Uh\. of lot 2, Mock 1. Central Fiedmont
' TraU. Oakland Township: $10.
ArtiPlia R. and A. E. Kellogß to Adelbert
T. Ilav. lot on SW corner of Blake and Ells
vorth rtrerts. W 120.53. by S 135, block 1451,
Berkeley property, maps 1 and 2. Bloke Tract,
lielne also portion Leonard Tract, quitclaim
dwd. Berkeley: $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Alexander Scott
(single), lots 5. «i, 7, block B. nnd lot 37, block
C. amended map ot l>orln Heights Tract,
Berkeley; Sin. -1
Same to W. J. Sloan (widower), L lot 17,
block B. fane map, Berkeley; $10.
Same to Flora D. I^ongenhelt (single). . lots
4. 30 and 31. block B, same map, Berkeley;
$10.
• Joseph T. and Paulina Hinch to E M.
Hindi (single) lot on N line of Todd street,
275 \V of Paradise. VWV W 37: ft by N 135. , portion
of lots IS and 19. block. G, Paradise Park,
Berkeley; $10.
Catherine I. Plemlng (wife of Mat how and
John Ktrlbley), to A; D. Porter, H. M. Kier,
H. H. Gable and H. D. Porter, lot on N line
of Center 6treet, 4C3 . W of t Shattuck avenue,
W 60 by N 134.C2. .. p0rti0n of lots 37.and<«!8,
block 1, Shattuck Tract, N portion of plat CB,
Kellersberger"B eurvey, Berkeley; $10. .'-.
Mary AHce Stribley (wife of John) to same,
same. Berkeley; $10. ' . i \u25a0..-....
Glennle Davits (by Frank I* Naylor. attor
ney) to Joseph R. Jarvis, lots 3 and 4, block
K. Berry-Bangs Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Phi Gamma . Delta Hall Association to E
L. Brock (single). lot on S line of Haste street
175 E of Bowdltch. E C 2:6 by S 120 portion
of lot 2. block 8. Berkeley property of Collece
Homestead Association, Berkeley- $10
R, E. and Florence E. .Berry to Berkeley
Home Buildingr Association, lot on N line of
Parker- street. IS3 E.of Grant, E. 8- by : N
128.40. beuig B 15 feet of lot 10 and W 20 feet
of lot 18, block F, Crystal Spring: Tract, sub
ject to agreement to convey; to William C
Crowfcl. 876 D. 344, Berkeley; $10.
THE SAN FRANGISGO^GALU. /MONDAY, OCTOBER^3O, 190fr
COMES FROM THE SOUTH
WITH RICH CARGO.
Steamship City of
Topeka Again
in Harbbr!
Bullion and Coricen
'*\u25a0 trajtes Comprise
The steamship City of Topeka arrived
In port yesterday afternoon from Guay
mas and wa,y ports. She brinirs the con
firmation *of the report that i the 'little
coasting vessel Juanita of Ensenada had
been captured at Santo Tomas landing.
The Juanita had : been in the j smuggling
•busjnees. She also brings the report that
John . CDea, a mining engineer; while on
his way from IJnsenada^ to HermosMo
had been sh*ot in the back and \ killed by
his" mozo. No \u25a0 motive 'was assigned for
the deed, but it was supposed robbery
was at tlie bottom of the affair.;
The City of Topeka brought 49 bags of
bullion. *107S sacks of toncentrates, 10S
sacks sulphur, 165 sacks t of ore, 60
large, "juicy turtles and a lot of general
njercnandise. • ' ; *
The Citjj of Topeka, was eleven days
from Guaymas and 44 hours from Ense
nada. ? .
Following is a*list of her passengers:
Elena Gilbert, Manuela Gilber \. Emelio
Gilbert, 'Aiexandro Gilbert, F. iJ. John
son, Albert S. Edwards, E. A. Fano,
Maria* Manrtfjuez, Miguel Ormart, Claudio
Dudet, Pablo Dudet, Jaquin Olivas, Ro
sendo, .Garcia, Jesus Rubro, \\ Carmen
Aguirre, Ysabel 4 Arce, Paulino Arce, Es
trofio Cesena, Froehan Villa, Charles Hid
berg, Juan Lai fc Hal Hing.. G« Wy, 'Julio
Leon,* Peng Leon, Quen Leon and Cho»g
Pin. * '* ">'l -if-
Short oJ Food.
The 270 Chinese t»at "arrived on "the bark
Servia late Saturdity night from Karluk,
Alaska, would have had a hard time down
from the northern chores so far as grub went
had it not been for tha help they received from
others on the vessel. They had only taken
about halt' enough provisions lor the trip, and
when several days away from port their sup
piles gave out entirely. They made an appeal
to the crew of the Servia. who supplied, them
with their wants. . • • •
©
6 Burled Wlih Honors.
Chaplain Wasily Oalpoft of thn Russian
crulser.Lena was buried with honors yester
day. At 9 o'clock in 'the mornin»r Cautain
Ginthert corSmander of the Russian ; war ship,
came on shore, accompanied by 1(O of the
sailors and marines beionging to the ship. They
marched in solemn procession up to the Rus
sian Greek Church, where the funeral services
were held, after which they quietly ( marched
back to the ehlp. Th«- Lena will, sail 10-mor
row for Vladivostok.- ,
Crowds Visit' lalke.
Great crowd* visited the German cruiser
Falke yesterday.; In the throne were many
friends* of . the officer* of the war ship who
took the occasion to Buy farewell, as -the ship
leaves to-morrow for Mare island.' There she
will undergo some slight repairs and then sail
lcr the south on her way back .to .her home
port.
Conies to Filbert Street.
. The British ship Port Stanley .carre down
from Port ..Costa', .yesterday /and was towed
alongside Filbert-street -dock. '-There she will
finish taking on her cargo of general merchan
dise. She is being loaded by Balfour,; Guthrle
& Co. \ ; \u25a0\u25a0-.-.-•\u25a0 vl' "-.-•\u25a0:
I.a Rochejaquclein Arrived.
The French bark La Roche jaqueleln,; Captain
Durand. arrived In late Saturday: night, 150
days from Swansea. She brings 2990 : tons of
coal to Giwtn & Eyre. .
Emma I.tiurann Couicn to Port.
The French bark Emma Laurans came Into
port yesterday, ICO day» from Hull. She brings
a. cqtko of general merchandise to | Balfour,
Guthrie & Co. *
Deflauce Repaired.
The tUX Defiance, wliich was run into last
week by the British B'aip Lowden Hill, has
been rena}red. She has had a" new 'guard put
in and new plates in her bulwarks. She leaves
for Eureka to-morrow vith the liritL-ih chip
Kircudbrirhtshlro in to\/.
Leaven lSfTec-ls.
C. M. Paradise arrive- 1 In the city. yesterday
from Petaluma and landed at. the Ferry build
ine. where he left his hand baggage : on oi^e
of the public settee* ttere and then ; started
u» town. When he cam.; back, at the! end of
three hours, he was surprised to find his effects
gone. He was so excited he could hardly talk,
but In the Interim of his shouting and, running
about the ferry building he disclosed the fact
that in the banirace .ie had left <a ! lot 1 of
money, his life insurance policy .-- a nel , deeds
to his«* property in the nortnern part of the
State. Sergeants CampbeU, Thomson an-1 High
tower at once b«-gan a t-earch for tho: missing
articles and they wore found In; the! news
paper office in the bulUllnK, where they had
been placed by some passer-by tor saiu "seeping
until the owner should claim them. The ser
geants received "thanks" lor their. reward.
SHIPI'ING INTELLIGENCE.
arrived;
Sunday, October 29.
Stmr Brunswick, ElleJ6en, 13 hourn from
Fort Uragg.
Stmr National City, llamraar, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. •
Stmr Aoerde-cn, Ahlstrum, 3 days from; Grays
Harbor. ' .
Stmr Chas Nelson, l'reble. 85 hours, from ,
Seattle.
Stmr Roanoke, Dunham, 4>£ days from Port
land, via Astoria ISO . hours, via JQurrka "IS
hours.
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen,-24 hours from Eureka,. :
• Slmr Acme, Fagerlund, 70 hours from Wll-*
lapa Harbor.
. Stmr Homer, Donaldson, OS hours from Co
lumbia River.
Stmr Alcatraz, Fredrlckson, 44 hourt. from
San Pedro. : ' -
Stmr Gualala, Kalnln. 21 hours from; Mon- ;
roe landing.
Stmr Wesiport, Carlson, 19 hours from ."West
port.
Stmr City of Topeka, Paulsen, 11 days from-
Guaymas. via Ensenada 41 hours. . ; i
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from tHalf
moon Bay. . . *- ; \u25a0-. * :
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs. 4S hours from San
Pedro. . \u25a0 : \u25a0 :\u25a0: •::\u25a0\u25a0
Stmr Santa Cruz. Cann, 9 hours from Santa
Cruz. • ' ' /' '•-
rftrcr Santa -Monica, Olson, 20 -Tioure i I rom
Port Harrcrd.' • \u25a0 ; ;\u25a0'
Stmr Sea Foam,' Milier, 12 hours fronvMen
clocino,'via Point Arena 10 hours. \u25a0*,*{".
Rktn Wrestler, • Kcnsch. 7 days from* Grays
' Harbor. '\u25a0\u25a0 \ >
"•chr Newark. Johnson. 13 hours fromiSteu-
arts Point.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, G'dayaifrom
Ccxiullle River. '.'\u25a0>; \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
Schr Monterey, Nelson. 1 a hours from Mon
terey. . \u25a0'•'!£• "'
Sehr Alpha, Trudgett. 6 days from Cequiile
River. : .' " ' ; ;,
Schr Argus " : Power, Peteison, 41 hourn tfrom
Port Harford." .\u25a0 " - '- ; : \u25a0\u25a0 ' jj
Schr Fortuna. . Andereon, 4 day s from Co
qulllc River. jMBO'9NpIPiIIHSP9HwMS
Schr Mary C; Campbell, ;8 hours from Bo
dega. \u25a05?3&&&l&iBty j' l *H*firiPtg^WßßggttB BBW^
Schr Oakland, Johannsen/ 8 days from: Col
umbia River. : -
Tug ' Relief, Marshall. ,13 ; hours from \ Mon
terey, with echr Monterey In tow.
"SAILED. *\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - A)
Huiiday. Octoberj 29.
Stmr Coos Bay." Nlcolson,S San Pedro. -Ij
Stmr Santa Rosa, -Alexander,. San Dlegn.
Stmr Chlco,' Johnson," Fort Bragg. . h
- StmriMaggle.. Corning. :Halfmoon;Bay;l ' \u25a0;
Nor stmr . Telllus, \u25a0- Arntzen, •: Ladysmith" S „;; . \u25a0": \u25a0
Stmr Columbia,*" Doran;- Portland and Astoria.'
Stmr Corona,- Glelow, > Eui-eka. . . \u25a0 -s »
Stmr Chehalls, * Johannetn,' San . Pedro: i
Stmr Aberdeen, Ahlstrom.i San -Pedro.' jj ;
Stmr Newburg, . Johnson, (Jrays; Harbor. \
Stmr Newsboy.; Johnson,' ..Westport.' V-J I
Stmr Roanoke. Dunham, v'^an Pedro.
Ship Berlin, Jensen.*; Tacoma. • . ,|{
Schr ' Rio Rey. ; Pohl. Ster arts , Point. ]
Schr Ivy, Llndqulst. j Coog ?Bay.: :;-\u25a0\u25a0?. J|
Bark Kalulanl. Colly. Honolulu. .
_, .TELEGRAPHIC;' jj ;. ,
POINT ; LOBOS. Oct 29 ' 10 ; p\u25a0' m-^-Weither
fogey : wuld * N w : ? velocity .12 ' miles per :hour.
\u25a0' . BPOKBN;i;;-.\-;::,'i:.;s,|j ; :.;;.: : .
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0• Per Ft bark . Emma Laurans— Oct 20, - Br!
ehlp : Hampton,' from 1 nltrrte . ports -. for, 1 San
Francisco.- >'''./ \\
'Weather: Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific - Time.) ;
. ' ! BAN FRANCISCO,'. Octi 2fr— s m. i
The , following are'/ the . maximum tempera
tures reported from • stations In California to-"
day:-, \u25a0 . \u25a0 ... \u25a0;•\u25a0.:- ;\u25a0-.'. .\u25a0 . .; \u25a0 \u0084 - ' . :
Eureka *. .. . .54 Los Angeles ....... *-72
San Francisco '.'.. . ..(\u25a0'- Sacramento .".. ... . ; '".TB
Independence • . .". ... .72 San Luis Oblspo. . . .82
Red Bluff ...;...... 82 San Diego ..:...".... Ctf
Freeno^ ;.'...;.... .801 • .
THE COAST . RECORD.
BTATION3. % \u25a0•\u25a0 «c ?o 52> jj
? V.I * o ? o
ce•" . • \u25a0 s
:.. 5 5 ;• ' : \u25a0:•
\u25baBaiter .........30.26 44 30 NB Cloudy .CO!
Carson ..... .*20. 92 06 SO E Clear •\u25a0 ; .00 '.
Eureka ...... 29.96 C 4 46 N Cloudy. .00
Kreeno .......29.00 SO 50 NW Clear .00
; SE. Fara110n..29.04 Xt 52 NW Cloudy . .00
I Flagstaff ...... 23. 90 64 -26 'SW Clear .00
I Independence .29;*8 72 42 S Clear ;-". 00
Los. AnRc1t8...29.90 72 48 W Clear c .00
IMt Tamalpais.29.94 74 4S NW Clear' .00
1 North Head ..30.18' sf> 40 NW Cloudy .0d
Phoenix ...... 29. 7S SS 50 NW Clear- .00
! Pt. . Reyes Lt.29.92 54 48 NW Foggy .00
: Pocatello . 30.10 50 32 N. Cloudy \u0084 .CO
I Portland •.-... -.fSO.IC •"\u25a0 64 \u25a088 NE Pt.Cldy.OO
I Red Bluff ...,29.5t5 S2 48 SE Pt.Cldy .Oil
1 Rosebuvg .....30.04 48 42 S, ' Clculy , .00
1 Sacfamcnto ..29. 88. 76 48 E Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake' . .. .30.00 50 .. NW Cloudy ' .00
! San.Franolsco.29.94 02 52 W \u25a0 Clear * .CO
San Jose .29.02 70 40 XV. 1 Clear , .00
San L. 0bi5p0.20.90 8* 44 NW Clear SO
San Diego •....'50.00 66 5S "W Clear. .W
! S'-attle ...;... .10. 28 M .">2 N ' Clear ".00
j fepc-kane ......30.42 40; 24 NE . Clear .00
1 Tatoosh .....^30.22 54 46 E Clear .0i»
; AValla Wa11a..30.3« 42 34* W Clear .80
I Winnemucca .30.02 U6 '£l N Pt.Cldy, .00
Yuma ....'. ...29.78 SS 52 SW Clear .W
WEATHER CONDITIONS ' AND GENERAL.
V^V FORECAST. ,
Partly cloudy . weather prevails , over the"
northern portion, of the Pacific Slope and fair
weather over the southern..- Snow -is, falling In
Wyoming. \u25a0 •
The -pressure has fallen slowly over tho
country west of . the Rocky : Mountains and*
risen to the east of them.
The- temperature has fallen slowly over the
Pacific Slope.. » •
FORECAST FOR MONDAT, OCTOBER 30.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair* Monday,
with fog In the morning; fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair- Monday;*
light, west wind. • ,#
, Sacramento: Valley — Cloudy Monday; light
south wind.
San Joaquln Valley — Fair Monday; llght s
north'wlnd.
• Coast — Cloudy north portion, fair south por
tion; fresh couth wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday. •
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HA RFORD— SaiIed Oct-28. '8 P , m—
Stmr Santa Monica, for San Francisco. • Oct
[ 1"9, 2 p-m— Tug Sea Rover, with barge 93 »ln
tow, for San Francisco.
. Arrived Aug L"9 — 1 a m, . tug Sea Rover,
with barge • 93 in tow, hence Oct 2"; 6. a m,
Etmr : Whittler. from Portland. .;
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 1!S — Schr Eva, henca
Oct 14V schr -Lottie Carson, from San Diego, j
bailed Oct '2B— Stmr Eureka, for San ' Fran -
Cisco; schr Emma Claudina, • for,. San "Fran
cisco; stmr Fulton, hence Oct 26: schr John
A, henc« Oct IS. Oct 20 — Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco. , - "
WESTPORT— SaiIed Oct 28— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco. .'
Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr Newsboy, hence Oct 28.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Oct 2S— Stm»
Marahfield, for San Pedro.
liELLIN-GHAM— Sailed Oct 28— Schr El
Dorado, for San Pedro. .
ANACORTES— SaiIed 5 Oct 2S— Bark Alden
Besse, for Japan.
. SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway: Ft bark Button, from
Port Townsend; Br ship Dundee, from Poit
Townsend; stmr Nome City, hence Oct 25.
Sailed Oct 2S — Stmr Portland, for Valdcz.
PORT HADLOCIC— Arrived Oct 20— Schr
Ludlow, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 20 — Stmr Costa Rica,
for San Francisco; stmr WH Kruger, for San
Pedro; Br stmr Algoa, . for^Pugeti Sound. and :
Yokohama*, schr Beulah. for. San -Pedro. ' . :.
' SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 2»— Schr Hugh
Hogan. from Tillamook; blttn T P Emigh, from
Tacoma; etmr James ; S Hlgglns. from Re
dondo. - . : . - \u25a0
• ALBlON— Arrived Oct -20— Stmr \u25a0 Porno,'
•hence Oct 28. . f ,
MEN'DOCIXO— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Brook
lyn, hence Oct 2S. , • \u25a0 •
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 20— Ger etmr Ne
ko hence Oct 27 for Seattle; - stmr Meteor,
hence Oct- 26 fcr Seattle; , stmr Olympia. from
Nome for Seattle.. \u25a0 . \
Passed out Oct 29 — Sch Henry X Hall, from
Evfrett for San Pedro; Nor stmr Titanla,- from
Ladysmith for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Oct 2S— Schr E B Jack
eon, for San Francisco, and not arrived, as be
fore reported.
Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Cascade, hence Oct 25.
SAN-TA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr
Bonlta, from San Pedro, and sailed for \u25a0 San
Francisco via way ports; stmr State" of Cali
fornia,, from San Diego, and sailed for San
Francisco. .-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0;
, BANDON, ORE— Arlved Oct 20— Stmr Eliz
abeth, hence "Oct 20. »
PORT TOWXSEXI) — Passed in Oct 20— Strar
Nevadan, from Kahulul for Seattle. -
Passed out Oct 20— Bktn John Palmer, from
Everett for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed 0ct, 29, 5 am— Tug Daunt,
less, for San Francisco, with bark Roderick
Dhu in ' tow.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOIPU— SaiIed Oct 28— Schr James
Rolph. for Tacoma.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct 20— Bark Gerard
C Tob-jy, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Oct : 2J>— Nor stmr Tl
tanla, for San Francisco; Nor stmr TerJ«
Viken, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS,.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr
1 BluectierTj from. Hamburg: stmr Nicolas 111,
from Copenhagen nnd Chrintiansand ; . stmr
Columbia,- from Glasgow- and Movillc; stmr
United . States, from Copenhagen and Chrtsti
ania: «tmr La Gascogne, from -Havre*.
-.' l.ON'DOX— Arrived. Oct 20— Stmr Nlngchou,
from Srattlc. Tacoma, .Yokohama, Shanghai,
Hongkong, etc.
QUEE.VSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 20— Stmr Etru
rla, for New oYrk. •
DOVER— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Moltke. for
New York. .
GLASGOW— SaiIed Oct 20— Stmr Furnessla,
for Moville and New York. \,
Mpinnrnndn.
Per Fr bark Emma I^auran*. from Hull and
Cherbourgh— J-allcd May .'lo;"crossed the equa
tor- July 1; Cape Henry^'Aug. 2; very ; bad
weather, cold,' snow and hail and Ice for five
weeks, hurricane from west and ' continuous
storms; crossed- 50 S 25th of -Aug; the Pacific
equator Sept 1 23;; calm and, NW light breezes
'.ill 22 N; N«E or northerly wind afteri:raln
and fog: arrived InS F Oct 28. \u0084
SAN DIEQO, Oct 2t>— Br ship Wray. Castle,
at '• this port,: from Lonflon. reports two of her
crew dUd at sea. . -
Mot'Ciiieut of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. .
Sttamer. | From. Due. \u25a0
Terje ,Viken; . ' Oyster Harbor ... . . .... Oct. 30
Abvdos. ..."-. ., Sfattlc ........... ,|Oct. ' 30
•Arctic. . . ..... Humboldt . . ..........: |Oct. 30
ban. Mateo. i. Seattle-. '. ..'.jOct. "JO
Titanla. ...... Coinox. . B. C. . . . ...... Oct. 30
Mackinaw. .'. . Tacoma f . .'". ............ Oct. '40
W.'KrUKcr... Porllninl '& Astoria. \u0084. Oct. 3i)
Phoenix...... Crescent City .*..".. ..*.'. Oct. -30
M/K.'lMant."." Coos Bay & Port Orford Oct.; 30
Pomona :...:. Humboldt .'. ..'...:... . ..Oct.* ."50
80n1ta.. ..."". Newport: & Way \u25a0 Port«."jOct. 3d
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. 0ct.: 30 j
G: Llndauer.'. Grays Harbor; ..;.... ..[Oct.. "si
Vapguard.'.'V". San • Pedro^ ..'....../... Oct."3l'
Coronado.., '• Grays j11arb0r. ."......;. Oct. .11
Copta Rica . . ' Portland & Astoria ..:. Oct. 31
Aniitus: :..."•• Prattle- .:..'.. ....'..;.... Oct.';3l
F.l^eKEett..". San Pedro ..'.;..'. .;.':.. * Nov.-; 1
F. Kllburn.".." Portland^ &;W'ay Ports. Nov. -.- 1
Eureka...'. .*•'• Humboldt ".;..".'.*.:.".•.. .(Nov.' ":
Uoanoke : . . . • Los 'Angeles . Ports . .". '. . j No\ :.'z
Corona ....'-•• Humboldt ... .... ."." .... Nov. 121 2
P0rn0...;..-- Point Arena & "Albion.. ! Nov. \u25a0: 2
Santa Rosa..,' San" Dlcko'& Way PortsjNov. ., :» j
City Puebla.i Puget •' Sound • Ports. 7. :j Nov.* 2 ]
Peru ......-•• New . York . via v Ancon : V. J Nov. .ii
Coos 8ay..... Pan Pedro- & : Way Ports JNov.. 3 :
Mongolia: ...'." China . & .Japan 7': ;v*. . . ."". |Nov. :i
Dakotah .*."..*;'• China'; &-.'Japan.v;.*.:~. . Nov.' 4
G. Dollar...:'. ,Grays; Harbor, Grays ; Harbor ".'V. '.".' ;.'.; Nov.. 5
Newport.' .'\u25a0.."*.• New: Tork 1 via "Ancon .*".". Nov. : 0
Columbia. ... ; Portland -\ ft •\u25a0: Astoria. : .' . Nov. [5.
Centralia.". '."'.. Grayg. Harbor ;.";". ."..;. Nov." 6
Umatil la :.*.'.'." Puget -i Sound v Ports::.*. Nov.*7
Ramses...... Hamburg, &^Way Ports. Nov. JB
'. \u25a0 " : \u25a0'".\u25a0"/• v' : -.;.; to^' SAl^";;.V' ".'..' : .C
Steamer. : Destination.^,- s | Sails. | ' Pier. J
October 30.^: ' : I
,W. : Kruger.. Los. Angeles: Ports J ; 0 am]Pler/,2:
S." Monica.'. Grays: . Harbo- "..'.. '4 pm Pier. -2
Eureka....: Humboldt r;.r..:."r: OamPler'3
Rainier.".""... Seattle & Bell" ham 2 pm Pier 10
\u25a0 ';:-;-' -- ; 7. v;; October Sl.'V'-- <•' ;?;.-* \u25a0•" I - ;' : '-:-
Despatch... Astoria &j Portland JJ pm I Pier lft
;v r ancuard.T. Humboldt "rr:. '.".'..;*. tarn Pier 27 ;
Coronado... l Los 'Angelea- Port*. 10 am Pier 10
N." Fork : .".T. 1 Humboldt ">"". ."".*. .*.-.'. » : am Pier 20
Homer.."*.*... Astoria -ft- Portland 4 pm Pier 20
Breakwater. Coos 'i ßay.-.'; . .'.:vr. " B pm Pier S B
Abydos.'. . : . I Hamburg ft Way. . |l2 c, m Pier 19
SHIP'S BOILERS'
IN A BAD WAY
Eepetition of the Beniiington
Disaster on Ke venue Cutter
Grant Feared by Officers
MANY LIVES r IN PERIL
Nitnierous Reports on Condi
•tion of tlie Vessel Aye TJe
noticed -by Government
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
SETATTLE.'Oct. 29.— Persistent neglect,
covering a long* period of years, may
be responsible for a repetition «of the
Benning/ton disaster In Puget Sound
waters on the revenue cutter Grant,
now lying, in the harbor of Elliott Bay.
On the authority of ofh'cers'now serving
aboard the craift it has been said that
her boilers are worn out and almost in
a condition beyond repair, beside being
many, years hehind the times. : The con
dition :of ; the boilers on the Grant is
/such that she canno^ carry much above
a flfth of 'her scheduled 150 pounds'
pressure of steam per square inch.* As
a matter of fact, for a long 1 time the
Grarvt*has never run over thirty poun&s,
as this is the mark sit by her,officers
beyondwhich wt>uld be peril. It is fur
ther eaid. ,that if # the records of the
Treasury. Department could be.' ex
amrhed they would disclose the shock
ing truth that more than'one report _has
been forwarded, but nothing has been
done. ; 'y^'^r-c *
BALLOON POSTAL CARDS |
r SUBJECT TO § HIGHER pUT.Y
Appraisers Snstpln Ansessment of 35
I'er <>"nt AU J r a- \u0084
S ' . lorem. \u25a0 ", '
The ingenuity of foreign manufacturers
of postal cards is keeping. she customs
authorities on this side of t:»e ocean busy
ascertaining tho proper classification of
the missives under. the Dingley tariff law.
H Time was whea the classification of the
post cards v/as comparatively a simple
matter, but they have become sp elabor
ate and in certain respects so complicated
that conflicts between importers and the
Treasury's officers have become frequent.
Meffert & Co. pf . this city is the* latest
firm to have trouble with the .officials
regarding the classification of post cards.
.This firm imported cards made of two
layers of paper pasted together, with a
thin sheet of soft rubber between. A
portion of the message sice has been cut
out in "different forms,' such as balloons,
tubljles, etc., while a small tio:e has been
pierced in the front of . the card. By
blowing through this hole the rubber is
distended in the form, of the .cut-out. ' /
Collector Stranahan, after consulting
the appraiser thfe examiner, came to
tlie conclusion thatUhe articles mustpay
duty at the rate of 35 per cent ad valorem
under the provision in the tariff for manu
fjictures of paper and soft rubber, paper
being the material of chief value. The
'importers, however, contended that the
cards should be assessed eith.er as litho
graphic prints," or. at 25 per cent as printed
'matter. •i-. '.-: ..*',.-... .
. The matter was referred to the board of
general appraisers -for settlement. That
tribunal, in an opinion written by, Israel
F. Fischer, upholds the collector's' classi
fication.
Wbaf lie Wnnted to Know.
A rather amusing story ts told in con
nection .with- a . certain learned profes
sor, lie had been asked to deliver a
lecture? — which he readily consented to
do— in the village school room, and on the
important night, the place was packed
with an expectant audience.
The front scats were occupied by a few
of tho shining- lights of the neighborhood,
"and apparently the lecturer was address-
Ing the select few, for he talked complete
ly over the heads of the rest of the audi
ence. iS&Si
At length, at the expiration of a couple
of hours, the professor, dropped his lofty
style and blandly remarked:
• "And now, friends, in conclusion, allow
me to say that if any one has a question
to ask I will do my best to ans.wer him."
It was a villager. in the back scats who
slowly rose to his feet and asked the first
and only question.
"Aw'd be , vurry mien obleeged, meas
ter," he. remarked, "if ye'd just tell us
v/ot on airth it is that ye've been praich
ing aboot?"— Tit Bits.
It is estimated that if Embassador
Reid keeps up -the social pace lm has
set in England, :iis term as American
representative : will cost him 1 about a
half million dollars.
I Xovember 1. | \ •
Redondo.... 1 Aetrria & Portland! 3 pmlPler 2
P0m0na..... Humboldt ':."...... .|l:30 p Pier 8
Arctic. .... . LHumboldt : 9 am Pier 2
Sea Foam.. . Point Arena -. .| 4 pm Pier 2
M. F. Plant. Coon Bay ....... ..f 4 pm|Pier II
Queen.. .'. .. j Puget Sound Ports. ]ll.am|Pler !>
; ' Xuvrinber 2 I |
Roanoke....! Portland & Way...{ 2 piniPier, j
C. Neleon.'.". Seattle & Tacoma. | fi pm|Pler 2i)
F. Kllburn:. Portland & Way... i: pmlPier 27
Northlan'l.. Autorla& Portland 5 pmlPler 27
StateofCal. Ran , Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier 11
G.'Lindauer Grays Harbor ...... 2 pm Pier 2
80n1ta...... Newport &.Wty.'. l t) am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
\u25a0 ' Xuvciuber 3. J |
Elizabeth... Coqulllc River .... 5 pmlPler 20
Costa Rica.. AEtorla & Portland 11 amjPier 24
November 4... , ; | .
P0m0....... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier "2
N0y0. ..;.... ilumboldt' :... !» am Pier 11
f-Jbcrla... .. I China ;& Japan. ...l Ipm Pier "40
Anubis. ... . Hamburg- & ' Way.]l2 m[Pier : l9
''.November. 5.' I . |
Jeanle.. .... Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pm|Pler 20
.Xovember 0. I
City Puebla Pupet • Sound . Ports 11 nm|Pier 9
4 JVo*'ember ?.' I
Peru.......'. N. : Y. via -Ancon.'. Jl2 • m|Pler 40
Curacao...." Mexican- Ports ..";-. 110 am|Pier 11
Xovember 0. I I "'."•'•
G. Dollar... Grays. Harbor ... 4 pm|Pier 10
:; FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. :-.'• I ' Dt-stlnatlon. I Sail*.
Jeffers.cn.".'.'.. Skagway &\u25a0 'Way <Port?.'Oct. 30
Excelsior.';... Seward .& Way, Ports. .|N«v. 1
Humboldl.T. . Skagway & Way Ports. |Nov. 3
Santa Clara.. ValJez: & Sewanl..... .[Nov. 8
ittrtha. . . . . . .' Kotllak &lWay Ports. .. : Nov. 10
Santa Ana... Seward '& --Way Ports.. | Nov. 10
Sun. )lonn nnd .Tide. /
United . States * Coast and : Geodetic Survey—
.. - ' Time anil Height of High and Low Wattn
. at : Fort -Point.' entrance to = San Francisco
"'. Bay. -Published 1 by official authority of ikm
\u25a0l- superintendent. ;.-; : : •- \ \u25a0 , ',
NOTE — Th*>.;hlgh \u25a0 and ' low, waters occur kI
the . city 'front "•'< Mlsslon-etreet ' wharf ) about 25
minutes, later/ than lafi Fort ; Point; 'the \u25a0 height
of tide -is : the same'; at; both' places. ~ '\u25a0•
;-:>,;: MONDAY. "OCTOBER'SO..;
Sun? rises ....:. . . ... .4: ... . . .... .... . .6:33
Sun y set3 /. ..'.. ................ ;;.'. 5:1-1
Moon sets " •". • • • .""•"' . ".,'. ."- '. .". .". ..'.. 1..". 7 :21" p.- m/ i
D ITlmel : |Tlrael iTime' ITlme
\u25a0- l_ ( Ft/ I— [Ft. (— Ft. VI.
? ,-|K.WI |L-W|; \u25a0-'; |H W| IL'W .
.30 ?t I*l^l CO) C:JSJ; 2.3[12:20( . 6.0 7:o2l— ae
31-1 2:141 : 4.8 7:05| 2.71 1 :i»fl 5> 7:i>5— 0.3
1 3:151 4.7 i 8:00( 3.0 i 2:00 : 5.5 8:531—0.3.
-2 I 4:20]^'4.7j !>:llj :«.2| 3:«2 ;6.1 »t57|0.0
3 1 8:24[ 4.7|10:35( 3.2|;4:13 \u25a0\u25a0*, 4.8111 :0Qi j 0.3
",- NOTE— In) the .above': exposition? of : the tides
the j early J morning .-tides t are : given , In j the left
hand'; column; and -the 'successive 1 tides: of it he
day 1 In i the j order,, of occurrence as i to : time • • the
fourth 1 time 5 column ? gives the ; last * tide : of I the
day/, except ; when -there are \u25a0. but ; three tide*. \ as
sometimes -; occur?. '. .The heights ; given :are la
additions to | the I soundings | of | the lUnlted | States
Coast ! Survey except ' when a minus (— ) •
sign '. precedes | the : . height," and then the numbor
given * Is . subtracted \ from ?, the s depth '* given vby
the charts."!:. The plane of reference Is the mean
of ; the : lower low waters. '\u25a0\u25a0;' : \SjmUgß&r-
MAN WANTED HEKE
CAUGHT IN SOUTH
Los Angeles Police Arrest E.
G. Farrell, an Alleged .
Larcenist.
LOS ANpELES, Oct. 29.— The police. In
the arrest of E. G. Farrell here to-day
on ";; a grand \ larceny charge from San
Francisco, Relieve they have apprehended
a swindler of extensive ooeratlona ana
aliases. Bertillon photographs forwarded
from San Francisco and taken originally
In St. Louis, fit the (description of Farrell
exactly. In the cities of Seattle, St. Louis,
San; Francisco, Bloomdale, 111., Farrell,
according to the statements of the po
lice, has been operating under the aliases
of F*J. Wood. Fred • Ward, E. Q.'^ank.
R..C. Swink and E. T. Coeben.. Hk^eflC
Vas generally in connection wH? t^\ ***:\u25a0
tate "transactions, in* which b'us.ifi^s9 as ;
was engaged, here. He^has 1»W in- £o»
Angeles about three monthe in partxl«tV ;
ship with a man 'named "JJLonfgwxgry- ;
Since his arrest to-day at Jea&t- .ww> «t
terapted swindle has been charged agaljin
him. Notliing is known by the loeftl »©-
Jice as to- the exact nature* of th* ctiorSes
against F,arrell In other cities. . Fturr&M l^;
about 3S years *ofage. > ' \u25a0 ••\u25a0.• •
UNRERSITY DKOPS
' .: ITS PEOFANE SONGS
Ban* 'Placed /or Chants .Popu
lar.-With Michigan
•" . . : ' '• BoQters.
ANN •ABfeOR, Mich., Oct. 29.— N0 more
will the boastful and care-free Michigan
rooter, 'while his team ,is battling with
other universities, yell "We'll all have-, a
hell of a. time wijeYi Michigan rips 'em
up." He is /orbidden to .sing that in
public by a' new rule of the Athlettc As^
sociation. The prohibitive order has
President Ang'ell's approval.
Addressing a mass meeting of 4000 stu
dents held before the .Drake game "sll-'
ver-throated" 'Bob Parker laid that the
sentiment "against certain -. songs- • and
yells containing profanity was growing
stronger every day. and that President
Angell hrfd hinted it would be the • right
thing to eliminate them from the list of
jubilant cries given utterance at - football
games. With this ruling there ' passes
into disuse Michigan's mo?t popular, root
ing song, "When Michigan Rips 'Em Up
Again," and tinother almost as popular:
Slnjr a sons of
The yellow *and the blue.
» Eir.« a sons of Jtftchlsan,
The yellow and the blue. ,
\u25a0When we get to heaven »
vee'll jrive th« good old yell. .
And those who" re not so fortunate
\u25a0•" Win give It down In hell. '
(Spoken)— Hell. hell. Cheer up, b»ys. there
ain't no hell.
Words AVltbout Rhyme.
There are about sixty words in Eng
lish that have, no rhyme. As given in
"The Rhymers' Lexicon," by Andrew
Lang, they»areas follows: Aitch. »alb,
amongst, avenge, bilge, bourn, breadth,
brusque, bulb, coif, conch, culm, cusp,
depth, doth, eighth, fifth, film, forge,
forth, fugue, gulf, hemp, lounge, mauve,
month, morgue, mourned'mouth (verb),
ninth, oblige, of. peart, pint, porch,
pork, poulp,! prestige, puss, recumb,
sauce, scarce, sherf, sixth, spoilt, swoln,
sylph, tenth, torsk, twelfth, unplagued.
voit. warmth, wasp, wharves, width,
with, wolf, wolves. — New York Tribune.
CHICAGO. Oct. 29.— Firet Lieutenant Ben
jamin Pope. Eighth Unueii States Infantry,
has been found guilty by a. court-martial at
Fcrt Sheridan of conduct to . the prejudice of
Rood order and military discipline and must
forfeit $30 of his pay and be confined to the
limits of the army " post for one month.- Re
cently while conducting a party of recruit*
he left his detachment In 'tourist sleepers
while he occupied a berth in a Pullman sleep
ing-car.
A clock in the tower of the new Naval
College at Dartmouth, England, will
mark the time as it is kept on board ship,
striking eicht. six, four bells, etc.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
i^^M^l ! IMiTFII
|Pfiv wffi* JW^ Chicago in Three Days,
Santa Fe Trains
7:30 A. M.l For Stockton. Merced, Fresno. Han.
8:00 P. M.V ford, Visalla. Bakersfleld and
J \u25a0 Intermediate points.
0:30 A.M. — California Limited three days to
Chicago. Mondays and Thursdays.
Direct connection to Crand Can-
yon.
9:30 A. M.— Valley Limited, for Stockton, Mer-
. ced. Fresno, Hanford, Visalla and
Bakersfleld and Points on tha
Sierra Railway.
4:00 P.M.— For Stockton and Intermediate
points.
8 :00 P. M.-r-Overland - Express, for Chicago,
Kansas City. Denver and Grand
Canyon.
TICKET OFFICES.
: 653 Market street , San Francisco
Ferry Depqt... '. San Francisco
1112 Broadway Oakland
2" South First street .... San Jose
CALIFORNIA KCRTri WESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburon Kerry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FR.»XCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS — 7:«0. 8:00 a. m.; 12:35. 3:30.
.1:10. 6:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 0:30 a. m.; 12:33. 3:30. 3:10.
6:30 d. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WLEK DAYS— 6:OS. ' T:35. «:00, U:'M. a. m.;
12:50. 3:40, 3:00, 5:20 p. m. 4
SUNDAYS— <S:I/O,8:0O,s:lt". 'j:4O a m.; 3:40
.4:50. 5:00. 5:20, B:3O p. m.
Leave . I In Effect j\u25a0 \u25a0 Arrlv*
iton Fran. I Oct. 8. 1005. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a S:tOa| (*:loa|b:4oa
8 :0O a '.» :30 a Igaaclo. 10:40 a|lo:'.'o a
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:00 p. 6:20 p
5:10p 5:10p 7:3op|
9:00 a! . :.oai ) Napa. I 9:10 al 8:40 p
5:-)p|B:I0p| |6:20p(6:20p
7:30 a ' 19:10 a| 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:4O a 10:23 a
8:30p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:usp 6:20p
8:l0p 3:30p and 7:35 p
\u25a0 \u0084!•".•. B:10p - Santa Rosa. 3
7:30 a - ''. I .... 110:40 all 0:23 a
8:00 a! Fulton 1 7:.t0 p. o:2u p
3:30 p 3:30 p . 11:
- " Windsor
7:30 a 8:00 a . Healdsburg 10:40 a 10:23 a ,
Lyiton
8:30p 3-1)p Geystrvlil- 7:30n 8:20p
•- T-i '•;\u25a0-.• Cloverdale' ' y .
7:3oa|S:oOa| Houland 110:40 all 0:23 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| . and Uklah | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
- I . : I Wltllts and 1 I "^ ",
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood | 7:30 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 cl 8:00 al * '•". 110:40 a[10:25 a
'S:UOp[ 3:30 p[. Guerneville I 7:30 pi 6:20 p
7:3oa|B:COa| Sonoma I 0:10 al S:VO a
6:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen [ 6:00 p[ 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:00 a s . 10:40 a 10:25 a
3:30- 3:30p \u25a0 f Eebastopol 7:30 p 6:20 p
6:10 p| 5:10 p ; ; >
" : STAGES 'i connect » at Green Brae for San
Quentin;; at Rosa for --White Sulphur
Springs and Mark > West '\u25a0 Springs; at' Lytton \u25a0
tn Lytton: Sprinss: at Geyaervllle 'for Skasg*
Springs: "at Cloverdale for the, Geysers, Boon-
ville . and Greenwood : : at Hopland - for Duncan
Springs. Highland Snings. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sp.'lnjca," Soda Bay.- Lakesort. Bartlett
Springs and Lake < County Hot Springs; a t
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga \u25a0 Springs.
Blue. Lakes, Laarel. Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake," Porno. Potter .Valley, John Day's!
Llerly's.-Kullville.r'Orr's ) Hot Springs, Half-
way House, ; Comptche. -. Hopkins, Mendoclnu
City. Fort ; and- Usal; at Wll-
lits for I Hearst and ' Sawyers: at : Sherwood for
F< Erapg.-.Cahto.Covelo.. Laytonville. Cum-
rnlns». Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard, Fruit-
la :. Tyer.'' CarbervUle. : Camp 5. Pcpperwood
Scotia •- net _ vureka. -
. ~ turday and . Monday round-trip •' tickets '• at
reduced" rates. .-".•-.\u25a0•.">;> ; - .
:,: On -iday— Round-trip ticket:, to all points
beyond Ear.- Rafael at half rate*. .
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
Ing \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0' "\u25a0Hgta«»«*«BM«!«rer,
JAB.AaT.EH. - R. 7.X. RYAN,
Qen. : Manairer. Cen. > Pass. rAgt. . .
AUCTION SALES
AUCTIOM SALE
OP
170 HORSES 170
Ttir order of W. D. JAMISON of Southern
OreJon i" will sell 170 head of mU-mrpoM
m»« - and geldlnss. broken and unbroken.
wel"hin« from 900 to 1300 pounds .and fcoqi
* tt 8 n rA -en.* Com. arfb^tM
at* your own price. •
SALE TAKES PLACES
THURSDAY, IyOVEMBER 2, ;
AT 11 A. M. AX *. * -
4.' By HORANS SALESYARD
* A-t Got. lOthana Bryant S**« \u25a0?•'?:
\u25a0HOKP Auctloneara,.C» Clay at." -.
'$&• 'AUCTION
wiipjv^s^iY, xoy- isT. at. iv. a; at
\u25a0• i'Ajr^sde HbrTO 33T Sixth St.:
JrXo? ta» Skfe fom his ranch, constating
o« i 3 eon^l^purpose corse* and \u25a0?»«•,. •»
%,%' «a g oodrwsrk«*«»- Sold without Umlt. •
Sr^^SSi-TSsVn Tuesday.., Noremfcer -3. at.
th. i*™***^ j; Apcttoneer . v;
elagla md doable harness, TUESDAT. Oct. 3i*
11 a. m.. U4O Fol^oei st.
py^ Trains lei»T« "and are dv«
/B^^^\ SAN FBANOISCO.
Vo^^^J^^r Frssr Pxpot
(Foot of Market Street)
mv- MAtN LINE- —*xmT
\u25a07.ooAEluiira.Vacavl!le,TVlnters,Rumseor 7-43P
7.00 A Blchnond, Benlcla, Sacrameuto,
Suisun and Way Stations 7-28P
7^oaV»!lcJo. Napa, Callstoga, Santa
' \u25a0 . Rosa. Martinez. San Ramon B.CBf»
7.*oaNllcs, F!ca?anton, LlTcrmpre, „ ,
Tracr, JL«:hrop, Stoctton .. .. 7-23P
B.ooa Shasta Express— (Via Darts),
Williams, Willows. -fFruto, Red
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle. 7-«8i»
B.COA Earls, Woodland, Knights Landing. "_
Marysvllle. OroTUlc 7-48P
8.20 a Martinez. Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
• • Stockton, Newman, Los Banos. .
MendoU, Armona, Hanford, • im.
Vlsßlla, Porterrtlle < X*Si*
8.20 a Port Costa, iathrop. Merced. Mo-
"^ desto, FTesno, Hunford. Visalla.
BaiersDeld •• \u2666-*«\u25a0»
8.40 a Nllcs, S»n Jose. Llvermore, StocK-
ton (tMHton). VaU»y Sprrnj.
lone, Sacramento, PlacerTHle,
tColfax. MarysTllle. Red 81uff.... 4.081"
8-40A Oafedale^ Chinese, Jamestown,
Sonora,Tuolumno »nd Ans-15... •-S5? '
' B.ooa Atlantic Express— Ogden «"»<* East. 4.2<tf>
9.43a ßichmond, Port Costa. Martinez • ;
and Wsy StaUons (tConcord);.... e-Jg**
• 10.20 A Vsllpjo, Dally. N»pa, Sunday only 7^BP
10.20aLos Anselen Passenger— Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy, .•
Lathrop, Stockton, M'erced. ' \u0084 \u25a0'
- Kaymond, Fresno, Goahen June- •
tlon, Hanford. Letnoore. Visalla, •
Bakorstleld, Los Angeles ,i. .74381»
10-20 A El Paso. Kansas City, SC Lonts and . .
Chicago...... 7-08P
114)0AThe O?erl»nd Limited— Omaha,
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City..*. B-48?
11.40ANl!es, sjftn Jo»o and Wsy SUtlons. 2-48P
ti-OOpSacramento River Steamertr tll-OOP
3-20PPortCodU, Marjinez.By.ron,Tracy. •
Modesto, Merced, Fresno.i ' i2,08p
3-20PYosemlte and Marlpo*a Blg'Trees,
. Monday, Wednesday «nd Frldsy 8-48 X
3.40?8en1<-la. Winters. Sacramento,
Wood is ml. Knights Landing,
Marysvllle and Orovllle 10.48 a
3-40PHaywsrd. Nile*, and Wsy Stations 7-48P
4-00P Vallejo, Martinez. San Ramon, .
Napa. Calistoga. SanU Rons 9.28 a
4-OOpNIIcs. Tracy, Stocfetou, LoUl 10-28 A
4.4oPUnyward. Slits. Irvington, San J t3.48,\
Jose. Llverntore ") :11.43a
6-OOPThe Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos, Mendotn, Fresno, Tulara,. •
Bakeritleld, Los Ancelrs 3-43 a
6-OOp Chicago and St. Loojs Special— El •
Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis aad •
Cnlcsgo 8.48 a
1 5.20 P Har ward. Ntles nnd San J05e. . ..... 7.08 a
6.2oPVal!ejo, Tort Coats, Benlcls, Sol-
,- \u25a0 son, 5acrament0. ......... ........ i11. 28a
6.ooPEastern Express— Oirtnfca. Chtcairo,
.-.;'.•; Dcnter, Kansas City. St. Louts,
Mertlnez, Stockton. Sacnunento,
Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogdea .. 12.48? -
8-20P Hay ward, Nllcn and San Joeo 9.43 a
7.00 PK- no Passenger— PnrlT Costa. B»-
ntcta, Sulsnn. • Elmlra, Dlxon.
. Da.vl*.Sacramento. Spttrks, Touo-
pnh. Golrtlleia and SCeeler 7-C3A
/•OOPVaIIeJo, Crociett «nd Waj SUr
tlons, Sunday only 11.20 a
B.2oPOre?on <ft California Express— Sac- *
ramento. Marysvllle, Redding,
Portland. Puget Soand and East. 8.48 a
9-00PHsyirar<I, Nile* and Sin Jose (Sna-
day only) » t1 1.43 a
COAST LINE (Harrow Uanjcej.
(Foot of Msrltet Street.)
B.lsa Newark, Centervi'le. ban Jose,
Feltoo. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruund Way Stations 5.53f>
t2-ISpNewark, Centervlile, San Jose,
New Almsden. Los Gatos. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal "Way SUtlons .110.55*
4.lspNeTirark t San Jose, Los Gatos .....J jjgj|j
9-45pHuaters Train— (Saturday only)
t \u25a0: • S*n J«»e and Way Stations J7.53»
COAST LINE <Uroatl tianxej.
OT"(Thlrd and Townsend Streets.)
B.lOASsn Jost ana Wm; btntions 6.30 P
7.ooa San Jose and Way Stations S.4Cp
B.ooaNcw Almaden (tucs.. Frl.. only).. 4-10"»
B.ooa The Coaster-Snn Jooe. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa-
Margarita. San Luis Oblspo»
Ou-idilupe. GaTloU. Santa Bar*
b&ra. San Buenaventura, Oxnard.
Burbank, Los Angeles 10,30*
8-OOAGllroy, Holllßtcr, Pajiro. Castro-
Tllle, Del Monte. Pacific Grove,
Snrf. Lomooc 10-50P
9.00 a Son Jose, Tres Plnos. WatsocvlHe.
CapltolA. Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove, Salinas. San Lula Oblspo '
and Principal Way Station* ...... 4.10P
10.30 a San Jose and Way Buttons 1.20p
111 1 .30a San Jose acd Way Stations 7.4 UP
2.l5PSan Jose and Way SUtlons 8-36 A
3-OOPDeI Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose, W.itsoavllle, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
PaclflcGrovc 12.15P
t3.COPLos Gatos. Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Crnz. via Santa Clara and
\u25a0-_L, „ Narrow Gauge....- t 0.45a .
3.3QPSouth San Francisco. San Jose.
Gllror, Holltster, Tres Plaos 10.45 a
4.3OPSm Jose and Way Sutlons t7-SSA
\u25a0to OOPS&nta CS.ira, Saa Jose. Los Gatos, -t9T-"A
)s.3opSanJo«e anil Principal Way Stations 59.43 a
s.4spStinsct Expre«»— Redwood, Saa
Jose, tillroy. Salinas. Paso
Robies, San LnU Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demln;.
El Paso, Xew Orleans „ 9.18 a
8.45PE1 Paso, Kansas City, St. Louis,
Chicago ..; 9.10 a
B-45PPaJarc>. WatsonriUe. Capitola.
Santa 'Cruz. Castrovllle. Dsl
Monte, Pacific Grove 10.30P
tG.ISpSan Mateo, Kcresford, Betmont,
San Carlos. Brdwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto f8.48A
6.3opSan Jose and Way Stations 6.35 a
8-OOpPalo Alto and Way Stations ...".... 10.15 a
11.?0pS wth San Francisco. JlHlbrae. Bur-
llDgame, San Mateo, Belmonc, -
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9-43p
1 1.30PSatnrdayscnlyf or Mayneld. Moun-
tain Vl?w. Sunnyvale. Lawrence,
6ant» Clsni and Ssn Joae ........ t9.45p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
\u25a0 ( Foot of Market St)
t7. 15a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 6.15 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~~~"
tSandsy excepted. tSanday onlj.
bMonday only. ,
\u2666 Dally, and stops at all sutlons on Sunday.
< ||$p§J^||^gj To SAN RAFAEL.
l^ll^ ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SKRVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
\u25a0 Ix- pan week days and Sundays at «:w> (ex-
; cept »Sunday). 7 :45. t> :2s, » : lu. a :50. 11 :0O a.
m.; 12:^0. 1:43. 3:15. -»:33» 3:15. o:3ot « 30l
7:13, 8:00. 10:15 and 11:33 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m.. 3:13 p.
rn.iSaturda.vs only)," 6:15 p. m. daily excent
i Saturday and Sunday; Sundays and holiday*—
7:45. 0:10. 11:00 a. m.. 1:43 p. m.
THROUGH . TRAINS.
7:43 a. ra. daily — Cazaaeru and way stations
:8:13 p- m. Saturdays only — For Cazadaro.
•tc. . .
6:15 p. ra. daily (except Saturday and Sun-
day) — For Point Reyes, etc. - -
TICKET, OFFICE— 63O Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foqt of Market st.
MT;TAM ALPA IS R A ILW AY
fTIfl OATS .
Leave S. F. 9-^0 a m 1:45 f m
Arrive S. F. 10:43 a m 2:55, 6 tXl ru
' Lt. S.F. 4:35 pm Ar. s. F. 11:25 nt
. . SHSBAT3 ASD tKU KOUDATS .
Lt. S. F. 8:25,9:50.11:00 am LUpm
Ar. S. F. 1:30, 2:55, 4^3, 6:22 PM
n«K t 650 Market ST..(North Shore Railroad)
MKCB ( and Sausauto Fkuy, Foot Market St.SPORTS
PAGE
GARVIN POUNDED FOR FIVE RUNS
BEFORE HE GETS WARMED UP.
bmgles, Doubles and
a .Triple Help
Clear Bags.
Hitt Tosses Up the
Real Variety of
Twists.
UEMLTS OK GAMES.
San I'ranrlMO. 5; Portland. 1.
Snn rramlMo, S; Portland, O.
Oakland. 2; Taroma, 1.
Oakland, 2t Tacomi, O.
Tnltlr, 1; Loo Vnprlr*, 0.
STA\DI.\G OF THE CI.UBS.
\V. L. Pct.j W. L. Pet.
Lcs Ang^lf-5.44 33 .571 Seattle 35 S9 .473
Oakland 45 G8 .542 Portland S3 3S .465
firr. Fran 43 38 .531 Tacoma 30 44 .405
The Seals thought they could > about
ibunco the Commuters out of second place
yesterday, and with this idea, they began
to give the Giants a good time just as
soon as the working hour was called at
.10 in the morning. From that time on
they were gtjing to the limit. Both games
\u25a0were broken up in jig time, especially the
second. Which was handed to Uncle Hank
before It was five minutes old.
It 1« not often that a ball team wades
in and clouts a pitcher for five runs while
ih«? first Inning, is still In its Infancy. But
Xhe Seals pulled off this stunt yesterday
a.fternooa, and they did It so dexterously
"vhat Mr. Garvin. who was the fall guy,
hardly had a chance to realize what the
'batsmen were trying to do to
him.
WaMron. the first man to go up against
The syl^a-Jike Texsm. got a scratch hit
«60-wn the third base line. Mohler was also
irood for a single, but Illlaebrand was
more ambitious and responded with a
tripJe to left that let both men through.
Right back came Nealon with a double
jBMd Householder with a sacrifice. Irwin
•did not fall down, for he rapped out an
other one, A. couple of outs put him up
the line, and another blngJe let him
through. ;/.
When the side was finally retired the
Seals were there with as many as five
runs. Everybody thought that start would
lake all the life out of the game, but not
50, for the Giants seemed to get into the
polngr and managed to hold Uncle's troop
ers safe till the eighth, when they again
negotiated for two more on Van Buren's
•error.
In the meantime Hitt made the Giants
look like a fiock of spinsters trying to en
*nan* a live one. He had command of the
"ball and the Giants were simply buffaloed.
K'ive of them managed to tear through
with hits, but when men were on bases
Hitt had^-^npre lenders than ordinarily
*nd there never was a chance for Port
land to come through.
Although the game was replete with
*-t;irtTing bits of fielding, Atz and McHale
'Tld'tne best two ytunts bf the afternoon.
In the sixth, when the Seals had a full
\u25a0house, Waldron poked a low, rakish one
out toward left field, which Atz grabbed
with one mitt. Nealon dispatched one to
tvard the center field fence in the seventh
That made a noise like a two-bagger. But
McHale ta>ok it nff the boards with his
eyes shut, and Joe was minus a safe
drive. The score:
PORTLAND.
AC. n. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
>t7,. s. « -I 0 0 0 4 2 0
li./T-rpedie, r. f S O 0 O 0 OUO
; Van Buron. \. t. 4 f» 2 O 0 01
Mitchell. 1b ..4 O 0 0 6 O 0
Schlifley. ?b 4 O O © 4 i 1
MrHalf. c. f 4 0 1 13 « O
Sb 3 O O O O 1 0
Fn«v\ c 4 O 1 O <J 2v ©
<;ar-. :n, p 2 \u2666> o o o;-2^o
Fern-, r. t l o i o jl _o j>
Totals .32 ~0 ~5 1 24 » 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
TVaidron. r. f 4. 1 20 l*» «
Mohler. 2b :...1 11 O 2 51
H'.ldtbrand. 1. f 4 1 1 O 2 O 0
Ntaicn. lb 4 1 1 O 3 0-; l
\u25a0^Householder, r. f . . 3 0 1 O 3 *', O
lr« in, 3b 4 I 2 2 « O t>
<; .c!:r.auer. f.f 4 1 1 o 3 «
Kb«a. c ....4 1 2 0 8 0 0
Hitt, i>. 3 0 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 32 ~7 12 2 27 10 2
'. Ri:XS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland © 0 O O O 0 « 0 o—' 0
Bane hits 1 11O00O1I— 5
fa*» Kranclsco .. 5 « « O O <» O 2 x — 7
Kese kits 60111 102 x— l 2
• * SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Hildebremd. Two-base hits—
V*n Buren, Mahler. N*-a}on. Sacrifice hits —
Householder. Hitt. Mohler. Fim base -jn «*r
j urs — tin Krancli«'o ". lirst bace on called
fca'.lc— Oft Garvin 2. off Hitt 2. Lett on ba^F—
I'oaland <i. San J-rancUco «:. Struck out — By
O»rvtn 6. by Hitt Hit l>y ri^cS»er — Garvin.
ltohier Double ulay— Gochnauer to Mohler to
Neajcn* Passed" ball— Suees. Wild pitch—Gar
tih. Time of game — One hour 35 minuies. Um
pire — Davis.
Huuix-lioldrr Hit* Hard.
Eddie .Householder and Joe N'ealon
were the men behind the hits in the
morning g»me. In the very first in
ning Householder ripped off a double,
with two on the sacks, which gave
the Seals a. lead of two to start with.
Xealon "opened up - the eighth for
Uncle with a triple, and again House
holder came to the front with a hit.
After the Giants had rapped Williams
for one in the opening spasm he got
into the going and refused to let them
approach him for any more runs. A
big crowd turned out. although it was
the flrEt morning game of the season
at Recreation Park. The score:
PORTLAND.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Atz, b* 4 0 0 0 2,0 2
ale-Creole. Tl 4 0,1 O ©_ O O
Van Buren, If 4 1 2 0 1 10
Mitchell, lb 4 0 1 0 5 « ,0
rVhlan>y. 2b 2 O 0 O 6 10
McLean, .c * 0 O 0 8 1 0
Mclifci*. el 3 0 0.1.000
Sw.i-ney, Sb 3 0 1 0 2 4 O
ttiick. p 4 0 2 0 O 2 0
- — ,— ' — ' — \u25a0 —
T ot*!s 32 1 7 1 24 9' 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO, A. E.
Ss*HK*r. cf 4 11-0 5 0 0
Mohltr, 2b 4 O 1 0 2 4 0
Hildebrand. If 4 1 O 0 2 0,0
NValon. lb 4 1 1 0 15 2 O
HoueehAdnr. rt .... 3 12 0 3 0 0
Irwin. Zb 3 1 1 1 O O O
'Jochnaur, n 4 0 1 0 0 6 0
She*, c 4 « 2 O 2 1 1
Williams, p BO 0 O 1 _* _*
-Totals" S3 5 » 1 27 17 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 1 O 00 O 0 O 0 o—l
Baw hit* 2 10 0 10 012—7
0 . /.:•.:! ? S % % \'% 1 1^
ELMMAHT.
Thr^-bae* hit— Neaioa. Two-bate hits— Van
Hur«-n. Householder. Ehea. Sweeney. Sacrlflce
!::i— Van Buren. First base on .errors— San
I>anpi«co 2. First base on called balls— Off
Dfcsick 4. oft Williams 5. Left on bases — Port-
Is n-1 10. Sail Francisco 5. Struck out— By E>
«lck R. by Williams 2. Hit by pitcher— Schla-
O'J'. Tinit of earne^ — 1 :45. Umpire — McCarthy.
"COMMUTERS COME WITH RUSH.
Ticrru Ar* Vnaqulshed In Two Close
Games at Oakland*
Oakland took a. brace of games "from
Tacoma yesterday, winning the morn-
SEALS GIVE THE GIANTS TWO BEATINGS
Ing game by a score of 2 to 1 and the
afternoon contest. 2 -to 0. In both
games there were several clever stunts,
there being a double play in the morn
ing in which five Commuters partici
pated. Both games were attended by
large crowds and the fans were in an
enthusiastic mood. / .
Four of the seven games in the
series Just closed were won by Oak
land. In the game this morning there
were two men on bases when Hogan
went to the bat. He failed to hit and
McLaughlin, who was on third, tried to
steal home. The left fielder was
caught between the bases by McMur
j ray. Devereaur, Francks, Dunleavy and
I Moskiman. There was a rapid ex
j change of the sphere until Moskiman
j touched the runner, out; Tacoma made
Sits run on an error by Kelly in the
sixth. In the eighth Oakland put two
over the plate. Devereaux hit and
went to second on McLaughlin's error.
] Then it was up to young Hogan, who
had pitched a brilliant game, to win It.
He-- made good with a hit to right,
sending Devereaux home, and scorea
the second run on Van Haltren's two
bagger.
j In the afternoon Keefe and Iberg
i both pitched winning ball, but Iberg's
I support was errorless, Keefe. was
j forced to play his own- game." ' He
struck out eight men' and avowed only
two hits, but Doc Moskiman smashed
out a two-bagger at a critical time,
and errors by Eagan, Hogan and Nor
dyke allowed Rip Van Haltren to cross
the plate a second time. The scores:
Finrt Game.
TACOMA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r. f S 0 0 0 5 0 0'
Sheehan. 3b 4 1 .1 0 1 0:v 0
Nordyke, lb 3 o . 0 . 1 .. tt ,10
Eaß^n. ». b ...4 0 2 0 i 3 o'. 1
McLaughlin. 1. j..... 4 0 1 02" 0 1
Lynch, c. t 4 0 1 0-2 O.'f-O
Cieey. 2b 1 0 0 013 0
Hopan. c ..3 0,0 0 2/1-.0
Brown, p 3 0 0 0.240
Totals 29 1 5 1 24 9. 2
OAKLAND.'
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren c. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Kruger. r. f 4 0 10 4 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 2 0 0 0 1 2 0
Moskiman, lb 3 O 0 O 17 1 0
Kelly, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 i 6 1
Franck*. s. 8 3 0 O 0 0 4 1
Devereaux. 3b 3 1 1 0 1 3 0
McMurray, c ,3 O 10 1 7 0
Hosaa. rv 31 1 0 0 3 0
Totals.. 2S 2 5 0 27 26 2
j RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
! Tacoma 10000000 o—l
Base hHs 200201000—6
Oakland 0000 O 002 x — 2
Base hit* 00010 103 x— s
... SUMMAKY.
Two-base hits — Eagan, Van H&ltren. Sacri
fice hit — Casey. First base on errors^ — Tacoma
1. Oakland 1. First base oa called balls — Off
Brown 1, oft Hogan 3. Lett on bases — Tacoma
:5. Oakland 3. Struck out — By . Hogran 1.
! Double plays — McMurray to Devereaux to Mc-
Mnrray to Francks to McMurray to Dunleavy
to Moeklman: Brown. to Eagan. Time of garf.e
— One hour and twenty-five minutes. Umpire —
Davis.
Second 'Game.
TACOMA, ;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, r f :...4 0 1- O -1. O 0
Sheehan, 3b.. 3 0 10 0 0 1
Nordyke. 1b..: 3 0 0. 0 ,» 1 1
Easan, ss 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
McLaughlin. 1. f. 3 0 0 0 2» 0 0
Lynch, c. f 4 0 3 0 10 0
Casey 2b 4 0 0 0 2 6. 0
2ef^::::::::::::j } } } 1} }
T0ta15..... 31 0 6 0 21 11, 4
OAKLAND. .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f.\. 4 2 0 0 1 0 0
Kruger. r. t 4 0 1 12 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 0 0 0 1 O 0
Moeklman. lb 3 0 1 , O 14 0 0
Kelley 2b » 0 0 0 1 3 0
Francks, cc 3 0 0 0 2 10
Devercaux, '3b 3 0 0 <> 1 6 0
Byrnes, c 3 0 0 0> fi 1 W
lburg. p 3 0 0 .0 t) 5 .0
-Totals. 29 2 2 1 27 16 0
fr RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma ... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0, 0 o— •
Baeo hits 1 1 0 1 0 02 1 O—G0 — G
Oakland 1 0 1 0 0 O 0 Ox— 2
Base hIU 1 O 0 0 o 1" 0 0 x— 2
SUMMARY.
Two-t>ase hit — Moskiman. Sacrifice hit—
Sheehan. First base on errors— Oakland «.
First base on called balls— Off Iburg 2. Left
on bases — Tacoma 6, Oakland. 3. Struck out —
By Keefe 8, by Iburg 4. Double plays — Casey
to Nordyke to Hogan. Time of game — On«
hour and 35 minutes. Umpire — Davis.
TWO HALLS HAV r E A BATTLE.
Charlie Bests Warren When His Team
inaifr* !»eore v Lone Itun. 's|2§§
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 29.— Seattle > de
feated Los Angeles to-day by a score
of 1 to o in a pitchers' battle between
W. Hall for the locals and C. Hall. for
the visitors. The Los Angeles twirler
had sligrhfly the better -of' the argu
ment, allowing but five hits, while the
home team secured six off his opponr
ent. Errors by the locals lost , the
game. Flood ; was a particularly bad
offender to-day, making three out of
the five misplays credited to the' team.
Bernard was the. only. Los Angeles bat
: ter able .to hit the Seattle 'pitcher. Ho
secured four of the six hits of . the lo
cals. A magnificent fly catch by Ross
! was also a feature. . .... Seattle scored
their lone run in the: seventh. The
home : team* came near! getting a run
across in the , next inning*' when they
filled the bases, with but one ; out. But
Hall settled down and they were un-
\u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0 : - •• \u25a0 \u25a0 .- \u25a0' " . \u25a0-•-.\u25a0 . \u25a0
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ MONDAY;; OCTOBER' 3O, 1905:
ROY HITT. WHOSE BENDERS
KEPT GIANTS AWAY FROM THE
PLATE YESTERDAY.
able to get the ball out of the diamond.
Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO! A. E.
Bernard, c. f 4 0 4 > 1 2 0 0
Flood, 2b 3 0 10 10 4 3
Smith, 3b 3 0 0 1> 0 2 1
Brashear, js. s 3 0 O 0 1,4 1
Dillon, lb 4 0 1 0 14-1 0
Cravath, r. f. ...... 4 '0 O 0 1 ;O 0
Ross 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 «0 0
Eager, c 3 0 0 0 .% 0 0
W. Hall, p 3 0 0 O 0 2 0
Mlddleton, 3b 10 0 0 10 0
Total* 32 0 6 2 .27 13 5
SEATTLE.
*':. : .-V" . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Bennett. 2b 4 0 2 0 12.0
Kane. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Walters, r. f 4 0 0 0 2 10
Frary. c 4 01 052«»0
Streib. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Croll, 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Lauterborn. 3b 4 1 1 0 2 ,1 1
R." Hall. b. * 4 0 0 0 2 '3 0
P. Hall, p. 4 0 1 0 0 > 0
Totals ......35 1.5 0 27 ;13 1
' RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lo» Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 0— 0
Base hits 1 12 0 0 10 1:0—6
Seattle 0 0 0 00 0 1 00—1
Base hits 0 0 1110 2. 0 ,0— 5
sum£- \ry.
. Two-base hit— Bennett. Sacrifice hit— Croll.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 1 , Seattle
4. Left on bases — Los Angeles 7, Seattle f>.
First base on called balls— Off C. Hull 2.
Struck out— By C. Hall 5. by; W. Hall 4.
Time of game — Two hours. Umpire — Perrine. .
- . ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0' l:
HAL CHASE LINES OUT
?% . HOMER FOR SAX JOSE
Prefttdlo Team Rout* Prune Plt-kers,'
Even Though They Have Two
lllfs I,e:iKUcrs.
SAN JOSE, . Oct. 29.— The Pritsidio
team of San Francisco beat; San Jose at
baseball to-day by a score of 3 to 2:
The game was very loosely played.
Hal Chase of the New York Americans'
platyed first base for San Jose.' He
made the two runs for San Jose, one of
which was a homer. . Meyers," Rollender
and Stanley composed the battery for
the Presidio.
In. the third inning Meyers was put
out of the game for using insulting
language to the umpire, Jimmle Doyle.
EJmer Stricklett, the Brooklyn pitcher,
and Kent composed San Jose's battery.
Stricklett pitched a good game. '' but
was • given poor support. He struck
out eight men. Scorer
R.. H; E.
Presidio 3 «6 8
San Jose 2 •* 2
STOCKTON, Oct. 29.— Oakland touch
ed Ferguson up for eight hits , to-day
as against seven off Schmidt. .Fergu
son, however, struck out ; twelve! men
and received the better. - support; . the
locals winning, 2 to 1.: Fresno arij San
Francisco played a ten-lnningUie,;.l to \
1, and as a consequence: Stockton' steps
into first place. In the", pennant race Of
I the State League. Score: ;
R. H. 6..
Stockton '.......; .2 ?7 2
Oakland -• . •• ... 1 I 8 - 5
Wrong Man Gets Punched.'
' While George; Brown was standing
near- the corner of Post < and • Powell
streets^yesterday a stranger walked up
to him and handed him a stiff ;purichon
the jaw. The stranger then vjoltiid: his
solar plexus and landed, a ; heavy,;right
on his eye. ' : While? George was iwon
derlng, in ; a: vague sort of .way,]- why
he was ; constructed [ so ;\u25a0 as , to> resemble
a punching - bap; the 'i stranger }. demisted. ;
'."V beg» your •, pardon," "he said. *; -fX'ou're
the K' wrong ;> man.'*" /At^ the ';•/•\u25a0 Central
Emergency' Hospital; where; he tputfup
for repairs, i Brown ; said, J"I , wonder,
what he'll Mo,: when -he gets; the [right
man?" ;•:
BUT SIX REMAIN
IN TOURNAMENT
Big Bunch of Tennis Cranks
Weeded Out in First Round
on California Club Court
BIG JIATCH POSTPONED
Carl Gardner Run Down by
Automobile and. Unable
to Play in Park Double*
The first of a series of handicap singles
tournaments for the new: cup- was com
menced on the California Club's courts
yesterday. Of the thirty-two players en
tered but six remained undefeated when
darkness set in. Moulton Warner and Mel
ville Long won semi-final places. W. Mur-
phy, AlberU^rnyan, Harold Gabriel and
•Herberf'Lonff^wiil fight it out for the
other two semi-final positions.
Despite the fact that the best players
were placed farther^ behind scratch. than
usual, Murphy is the only player above
scratch who survived the day's play. Of
the men playing 30 3-6 behind scratch H.
Long was, the only one not beaten.*
Harold Gabriel and Melville Long did
remarkably well considering the. odds
they were called upon to concede. Gabriel
owed Blaisdell 30. and gave him 30 and
won in straight sets. Blaisdeli had previ
ously beaten B. F. Nourse with the same
odds in straight sets. In his first match
Gabriel received owe 3-6 from. Carl Gard
ner and the latter, after losing the set by
a narrow margin, defaulted.
The Long brothers did better under han
dicap conditions than was expected. H.
Long gave A. Beyfuss owe odds of 30 3-6
and won easily. After beating two play
ers H. Biddle was taken into camp by
the younger Long in straight sets. The
winner save odds of owe 30. ' .
Murphy won both of his matches with
out losing a set. His victory over Nourse
was rather unexpected, as the latter plays
a steady, safe game. Murphy, unlike
rrOßt of the poorer players, took all kinds
of chances, and to this, fact he owes his
success. . . . ;
Schmidt and Rolfe each won a match
against big odds and were beaten by play
ers at and below scratch. Warner played
a speedy game against Rolfe and dis
posed of him in straight sets. Kenyon re-.
! celved owe 15 3-C and won two sets out of
I three from Schmidt. The scores follow:
First round — Major • Ducat (30) • beat Fry
(15 3-6), C-3, 6-0; H. Rolfe (owe 30 3-6) beat
S. Salisbury" (owe 15), default;G. Fuller
(scratch) beat J. S. Tobln (owe 30), C-3, 3-6,
6-2; M. Warner, (scratch) beat Burroughs
(15 3-0), 6-3, H-l ; B. Nourse (owe 1 30) beat H .
Mills (scratch). 7-5, 7-5; W. Murphy (15 3-6)
beat "Webster (30), 6-3. 8-6; A. Kenyon (owe
15) beat' Dr. Lovegrove (scratch), 6-3, 6-1- H.
Schmidt (owe 30 3-6), beat T. D. Black (13)
0-2, 6-3; H. GabrUl (owe 30) beat C. Gardner
(owe 30 3-6), 8-6, default; N. Blaisdell (30)
beat E. Bacon (3-6), 1-6, 6-3. 6-4; A. Beyfuss
(scratch) beat F. Fuller (15), by default: \u25a0 H.
Long (owe 30 3-6) beat D. Moore (scratch) by
default;A. E. Black (3-6) beat W. Knowlton
(3-6), 6-1, 4-6, 9-7; M. Long(owe 30) beat R.
Daggett (15) by default; C.Kuehn (15) beat S.
Grant (scratch), . 6-1, 12-14, 6-3; H. Blddlo
(scratch) beat' Erfklne (30), 4-6. 9-7, 6-4. .
Second round — Rolfe beat Ducat, 6-4, 11-9;
Warner beat Fuller, 0-6, 6-3, 8.7; Murphy beat
Nourse.' 6-4, \u25a0 6-1 ; Kenyon beat Schmidt, 6-3,
4-6, 6-1: Gabriel beat Blalßdell.' 6-3, 6-4; H.
Long beat Beyfuss. 6-2, 6-3; M. Long beat
Black, 62. 6-3; Biddle beat Kuehn, 3-6, 6-4,
6-4. \u25a0 .-.\u25a0..- \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0 '..:'\u25a0-\u25a0:••
\u25a0 Seml-flnals — Warner beat Rolfe, 6-0, 7-5; M.
Long beat Biddle, 6-3, 6-1. \u25a0
The final: match of the bay counties
championship doubles tournament sched
uled to be played. on the park courts yes- ,
ttrday was postponed.^ . Carl ' Gardner/
who was to' have played with -. Dunlap
against AVhitney and Foley, met with" an'
accident which necessitated a postpone-;
ment." -
| On his way io the .park courts Gardner \
stepped off of a'car.and was run down by
an automobile. , He - was badly bruised,
but not seriously injured. He will be able
to play in a week or two. ,v, v
STEMA AS USUAL SHOWS
OTHER YACHTS THE WAY
Tiny Craft Prove* Herself" to Be the
'' Fattest * One ou Spreckels '
\u25a0 ' "','\u25a0' '"'•'\u25a0 . Lnkc. ,;.' ; . ;•\u25a0;;£\u25a0\u25a0; \u25a0 ..
' As usual the Stella showed the way , to
the \u25a0'\u25a0- other model ' yachts in the pennant
races at Spreckels Lake yesterday.^Peter
sen's boat met o London's ; Imp in the 1 finals
and the latter had tolbe content with sec
ond place. 'The Stella now leads the, lmp
byt four; points,, having L won eleven f races
to the Imp's seven. V; The Stella's repeated
victories proves; her, to be 'unquestionably
the' fastest .boat in the fleet. The results
f6iiow:;:..' .. \u25a0 ' ?.[\u25a0.' ;.V \u25a0-. : \u25a0;";\u25a0}\u25a0 \u25a0
. M. London's Cricket beat J. Donovan's Witch;
Petersen's Stella \u25a0\u25a0: beat" Roeckner's Independ
ence* ' H." London's- Imp T beat , Stone's -Presto;"
Doyle's ; - PrUcllla -beat - .' Donovan's Florence;
Brennan's: Alice a bye.-? "\u25a0
\u25a0 Second around— lmp beat Alice; Stella beat
Cricket: Imp beat PHseUla.
-Finals— Stella beat Imp. ' .=.' '• :
Five-Mile Record "Broken.
? ; SAN JOSE, Oct. , 29.— Carl \u25a0} Showalter
of the ; Garde n:' City 'Wheelmen; '. in ". an
exhibltlon'lflve^mile, spaced by^ a i motor,
cycled 1 coveredithet distance? In ~8:12~ 8:12 3-5
this i afternoon" at > Cyclers'/ Park. :Jr This
is 10 2f5 seconds fasterjthan'the-forrher
coast ; record,': held •; .by}. Burton Downing.
CRACK RUNNERS
CARDED TO GO
Richmond Handicap Attracts
a Field of Live Ones and
Big Doings Are Expected
GOLD ROSE LOOKS GOOD
With but 106 Pounds Up She
Seems to Have a Clear
Title to the Main Event
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29. — Three handi
caps on- to-morrow's card at' Jamaica
will give the form players something
to think about. While the handicaps
are the features of the cardj they are
certainly the most difficult to pick
winners in. The Richmond Handicap
is the only feature, and in it mos;. of
th-3 cracK sprinters at the traqk art
engaged.
The card starts off with a threc
year-old handicap at six furlongs, and
in it top j weights do j not look /cry
promising. My. Uuela is preferred,
with Incantation second \u25a0 and, Ze'ala
third. Mad. Mullah should take the
second event on' his class. He is a
great mudlark, but at the same time
lie has run "several clever races on a
fast track in cheap company.
\u0084 ' /At even' weights and on recent form,
Reidmoore might be selected to win
the third event, but there is no reason
; why hq should be ableto present Don
! Fonso and others with about four
teen, pounds. , The wise ones prefer Don
i Fonso,, with -.Melbourne Nominee sec
ond and : Progress i third. Now that
Gold Rose , has demonstrated that she
; can carry her speed for a mile, it will
be difficult to figure her anything but
the. winner of the Richmond Handicap
With ninety-two pounds up she ran
six furlongs at Jamaica in record tiiiia
and could have beaten the time, s\\a
made considerably had she been
pressed. She has only 106 pounds fj
bother with to-morrow and that should
not trouble her in the least.' Sac »••>
the choice. ' with Fustian second aiifl
llandzarra third!
Five and a. half furlongs will suit
the Whitney pair better than six fur
longs, and , they . should : go extrpniclly
well in the fourth. The choice is Med
dling Daisy, with the Whitney entry
second and Puntoufle third. Tlie dic
ing event, which is for maiden** m.iy
be- won \u25a0by Roycroft, -as he stiowe'l
speed in his last race and was none
too well handled. Kolaneka should
come second and Gambler third.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
', NEW YORK.Oct: 30.— Following' are
the entries for to-morrow at Jamaica:
First race. \u25a0 six furlongs, handicap-r-Martln
Doyie 12u, Tpngonlex 1".», Zeala l iw,' Broom
handle 117, liquid' ilj^lncahration 'lS>. My
Buela ICS. Iramot6r'lov, " Lucy" Youns - lin:,
Kloralia 100.
race, one and a sixteenth miles, scll
1ns — M«d Mullah lirt, Caronal lw»l, FWur de
Marie 105, Hrnliant HA, Anx-nal lv;. Antimony
W>. aam H. Harris OS, Robador OS, Port Arthur
»3. .
' Third race", five and a half furlongs^ Belling—
Rt-ldmoore 107,' Proposer 104, bpetd Smith US.
Vino 08. Melbourne Nominee US. Main US. There
Now 08, J X F 93, Snow Hall i)b. Progress
I*s, Society Bud 'Jl, Lcne Hand i>4, Don Fonso
Oa, Gentian oa, Humpty tnirnoty t*>.
Fourth race; six turlongs.' Klchmond handi
cap — Aeronaut 119, Handzarra 117, Martin
Doyle 113. Belle 'Strome H>7. Gold Kose ll*
Mnnet JUo, Cloten 104. Race King lou, True
Wing 100, Fustian 95, Taxer ft!, Hcrnntase J>S.
Fitth race, nve and a halt turlongs, handi
cap — Battleaxe 120, Midas 110. Thua Alarm
114, Caprice 111. Pantoune 10U, Meddling Daisy
10rt, . Curly Jim 11)5, ProposiT llts. UM Guard
lea. Marvel P ](£!.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
maidens— Navajo lOC, T. J. Cox IDS.- Legatee
100, Copper 104, Topright I'M. "ArKus S>l, t»lnd
erton no, Roycrott \i'i, Arietta »'2, Norn -de
Plume IT.!, Myvica D 2 ,. Yachting Gin 9ti. kSizzy
Izzy Ul. Bfiilala N'J, Hobelets SO. Salt and
Peuper S4, Gambler S4. Kolaneka 84. Cata
ract U7. .:::\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 _
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Morning Telegraph)
First race— -My. Uuela, lucnntatlon,
Zeal?.. "
Second mee — Mini Mullah, Brilliant,
Sniuuel H. .Ilarrln.
'I' bird race — Don Koiwo, Melbourne
Nominee, ProercB«».
Fourth race— Gold \u25a0 Rose, Funtlan,
Handxarru. '
Fifth race— Meddling Dalny, Whit
ney entry, Pantoufle.
Sixth race r — Roycroft, Kolaneka,
Gambler.
Weather clear; track fn^.
. L.ATOXIA ENTUIES.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 30. — Folowing are
the entries for to-morrow at Latonia:
first race, six furlongs, selling— Trompejse
100, Arc Light 102, Reveille 103, Father Tal
lent 103. Bailey 104. Fugurtha 105, St. Noel
105 Belltoone 105, Arachne ICS, Arthur Cum
mer 107, Sanetomo 108, Gold Bell 10S, Nervator
108. Bill Walters 100.
Second race, one mile and seventy yard*, sell
ing—Bonnie . Prince Charlie S»9, Chief Milliken
9«J i Mamie Algol 100, John Lyle 101, Taplcla
103 .Hickory Corners 102. Miss Rlllie 103, Ada
N 108. Knowledge 10:1.
Third race,"' five and a half furlongs — Mr.
Wadleigh 07, Osslan 97, Wltard King IUO, Ma
nouver 100, Remington 100. . Tom Crowe 100,
D W. Flynn 100,' Rain Devils 106," Adesso 106,
Royal Income ; 110, Windshield 110, The Mate
113. Wooltessa 100, Ternus 100.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course, han
dicap—Ohio Kingr 127. Narod 127, Manzano 127,
Alice Commoner 127, Lionel 127. Henry A.
Schroeder 127,' New Amsterdam 133; Miss Mac
Day 134 Jim Bozeman ~ 136, Semiriole 137,
Lights Out 148, Lord Radnor 14S, Sweet Jane
160, Class Leader 157.
'••\u25a0\u25a0 Fifth race, one . mile, '.purse — Gauie 87, ln-
I tense 04, Martha Gorman 04, Foxmead 06, San
! ton 10G, Estrada Palma 111. v^
Sixth race. rone- mile and fifty yards, selling —
Safety Light 101, Gracious 101,* Lady Belair
101, Jim Hale 101,- Brpwn' Vail 101. Falkland
101 Echinate 101; Sister Lillian 101.' Ranklu
104 April Shower 104. Small Talk 105, Doeskin
; 106! Turrando 106. Memphlan 100. '.
Seventh race, ; six furlongs, selling — Mercts
09-Euba 00. Paiicreatls 00, The Pet od, Jigß«r
10b Marco 100,- Jack Ratlin, 103, Norwood Ohio
104* Sneer 104, Major Carpenter ICS, Optional
ICS! Sid Silver 113. Censor 116. Quiz II 100.
LATOXI A SELECTIONS.
v-(Byv -(By the New York Morning' Telegraph.)
/Flrat rare— Gold Bell, Santonto, Rev
eille. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0 y ' .':"".- ..'-.'\u25a0' '\u25a0-'-\u25a0''
, Second race-i-Jo*n; Lyle, Chief MlUl
ken,,: Bonnie' Prince . Charlie. . : •
\u25a0 'Third race— Ade»*o, The Mate, Royal
Income. ' \ \ . ' - '.
! Fourth race— -Llpht* Out, Jim Boie
man, Sireet ; Jane. ; .. .
Fifth' race-^ -Martha ' Gorman, Estrada
Pnlma, . Santon. r -•\u25a0''
-\u25a0'• Sixth race — Tiirrando, Rankln, Fnlk-
ULna. \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 •• V.-f - - " : .. ' ' ..'\u25a0\u25a0 " '. :
: Seventh-; race— -Jack Ratlin, Norwood
Ohio, Sid i Silver. /:.
.Weather.clearj track fast.
ROBBER TAPS A^TILL WHILE
;'\u25a0•: SALOON-KEEPER TAKES A NAP
ShoDt Sleep Costs • a Tired . San LuU
Oblspct- Business ' Man*- '
•;".; ; 'Just; s23.";^
SAN LIUS OBISPO. Oct. - 29— Being
tired afterj a day's V labor. J. ISetterlni
took ' i a ; nap ;' inl. his * saloon yesterday.
On a awakening ! he found :Uhat r his;' till
had ibeenr opened; and«;robbed , of. $25.
The robber ;left'"all ' the;"small change
and 'overlooked a $5 gold piece.
BIG RACE GOES
TO MISS EMILY
Fleet Little Hound Outruns
Them All Cleverly in the
Junior Champion Contest
MR. ZIGNEGO HAS SPEED
He Quickly Bowls Over Car
low Boy. Panoche and the
Duke iii. the Order Named
Miss Emily was the best of the bunch
in. the Junior Champion stake yesterday
at Union Coursing Park and went through
them all in championship style. The final
course between her and Young Pepper
was a spirited race, -ut Emily finally got
away with the honors by a score of 6 to 4.
The Champion stake brought out a great
field and some excellent racing was the
result. Mr. Zlgnego showed his heels to
the others ana also demonstrated he is
one of the best dogs in the State. He
stowed away Panocne, Carlow Boy and
The Duke m the order named and none of
them seemed to have a cnance with him.
The betting was lively and the hares as
usual had lots ot speed." A big crowd was
on hand. Following are the day's results,
with Judge Keiily's official scores:
Junior Champion stake, first round — Roman
Actress beat Tils Mint, 4-2; Uoreua beat'Kiea
nur iirew, 4-u; 1 cuing- Pepper beat Mr. Lun
jers. «>-o; K» Ko Kica beat Davy crocKett.
*>-•; Jim Kyun beat Wild Peas, b-u; Irvingtun
xloy beat askl«; Kocker. S-i>; Black Tralee
ijvat Koiiiaii ACiur, tt-7; Wild Gus beat Heady
nidLr, 10-o; Kcai Kocker beat Josie Lee. 7-4;
J?'our Paw beat Mile Human, «>-U; Miss Kmiiy
beat Husseh J, 4-u; King V beat John Morris
sey, 14-1.
awiiM .round — poretta beat Roman Actress,
7-0; \cuns i-epp*r beat ko Ko Kica, 5-2; lr
vm&tun .boy beat Jim Ryan. 14-4; Wild Uua
bunt itlai:li 'iraiee. 12-tf; Keat Kocker biat
Four faw, O-o; Misa K/aily beat King V. 3-U.
ihiru lound — louns Pepper beat Doretta.
8-2; Wild Uus beat lrvingion Boy. 11-4; Miss
ICinily beat heal KocKer, 8-5.
Fourth round — loung Pepper beat Wild Gus,
10-7; Misa t-.mlly a natural bye.-
Dccitting course — Miss Kmlty bsat Young
Pepper, •'0-1.
Chmpion 6take, first round— Mr. Zignego beat
Panucne, 2-0; v.arlow Boy beat Hudson. »-7;
'ihe Duke beat Kretport, b-5; iiargfe beat Hum
boldt, &-O.
Second round — Mr. Zigneso beat Carlow Boy.
3-2; The Duke beat Barge. 7-0.
. Deciding course — Mr. Zignego bsit The
Duke, 8-ir.
Reserve stake, second round— Muggsy beat
Angus Cissu?, <-5: Jim Lamb a bye. Golden
Garter witharawn; The Rival beat Forest Fire,
IS-s;\Trul*e Lad beat Badly Used, »-^5; Presto
beat Siroc. 7-2; Tralee Maid beat Real Ameri
can, b--: lna Cissus beat False Alarm, 3-0;
Ksby Aurora beat Stlngaree, 5-2;' Lady Ath
lete beat AVild Mist. 12-3; Sherman beat Sea
Lion, o-l;»Ketterless teat Blue Bell, 7-5: Ta
nioju beat Matt Kainey. 5-4; Uolden beat Terra
Cotta, 13-«; Amandan beat Fiery Rock. W-0:
Kiery Cross beat Ihe Limit, 6-0: Renegade
Apache a bye. Frank Dunn withdrawn; Fire
Maid beat Fair Flying. 4-O; Paul Dunbar beat
The Navy, 12-6.
Third round — Jim. Lamb beat Mnggsy. 11-4:
The Rival beat Tralee Lad. 8-6; Presto beat
Tralee Maid, 4-3; Raby Aurora beat lna Cls
sus, S-0; Sherman a bye,- Lafly.-Athlete..with
drawn •' Fetterless a bye. Tamora withdrawn;
Atnandan beat Golden. 0-1: Renegade Apache
beat.FUry Cross. 7-6; Paul Dunbar a bye.
Fire Maid withdrawn.
Fourth round— Jim Lamb beat The Rival.
14-O; Presto biat Raby Aurora, 6-3: Fetterless
beat Sherman. 4-3;. Amandan beat Renegade
Ariache. .6-0. '
Fifth round — Jim Lamb beat Presto. 13-10;
Fetterless beat Pkul Dunbar, 6-0: Amandan a
natural bye.
Sixth round — Fetterless a bye, Jim Lamb
withdrawn; Amandan a natural bye.
Deciding coursi; — Fetterless beat Amandan,
0-3.
Reserve Consolation stake — Third round —
Jnck Short beat Edenvale, 13-3: Happy Lad
beat Eaglr, 6-0: The Referee beat Belle Ma
rie, !)-4; Jim Allen a bye. Domestic Lad with
drawn; Reckless Acrobat a natural bye.
Fourth round— Jack Short beat The Referee.
12-8; Jim Allen a bye. Happy Lad with-,
drawn; Reokless Acrobat a natural bye.
Fifth round— Jack Short a bye; Reckless
Acrobat beat Jim Allen. 2-0.
Deciding course — Reckless Acrobat beat Jack
Short. 6-0. - • V
FAREWELL SAIL
OF CORINTHIANS
Bio- Fleet of Yachts Trails
Commodore -'Jennings and
Speedwell in Last Cruise
Nearly the whole Corinthian fleet fol
lowed Commodore T. Jennings' sloop
Speedwell In the closing cruise of the
season "yesterday. Tlburon Cove present
ed a pretty sight a3 the yachts cruised
back and forth awaiting the signal of
the flagship to start. At Belvedere the
breeze was light but steady, and the
weather quite, clear.. The, Golden Gate,
Fort Point and the city front were ob
scured by a chilly fog. In the channel a
strong and steady breeze blew, and the
yachtsmen enjoyed some splendid sailing.
The fleet under sail yesterday included
the flagship Speedwell. Vice Commodore
J. C. Brickell's sloop Genes ta, the sloops
Nixie, Harpoon, Aeolus, Aloha, ' Presto,
Neptune, Discovery. Mischief, Emma. Ed
na, Mignon, Meteor, Dixie. Josie, Spray,
Kathleen, Freda and Emllie; the yawls
Seven Bells/ Frolic and Arcturus; the
schooners Lady Ada and Virginia and the
catboat Sprite. Commodore Robert Vin
cent's ; yawl lola, flagship of the Califor
nia Yacht Club, accompanied the fleet.
After cruising to and fro In the: channel
the fleet ran back to Tiburon Cove, all
making their moorings without mishap.
Several of the yachtsmen at once began
to dismantle their craft as a preliminary
to going into winter quarters. Among the
yachts already : stripped are the sloops
Genesta, Emma, Clara, Meteor, Neptune
and Discovery and the yawls Truant and
El! Kayo.
'The' closing jinks were held in the club :
house on Saturday night and were highly
successful. Among the performers were
Dave McLaughlin, Oscar ; Franks. Frank
Thompson, "Kid" Nelson, W. J. Hynes.
Thomas Hlckey,: B. I* Tarbox, Charlie
Hay, .Fox ; and Hart,* E. F. Sagar, Eddie
Angelo. '.-"\u25a0Arthur:. Cunningham and the
Madison Square. Quartet..
PRESIDENT PULLIAM \u25a0 GIVES \u0084-' .
OLTFIELDING AVERAGES
Bobby (innlry of Plttsburc Lfadi th«
•"\u25a0• Outfleldem" With*, a? Percentage
lot1 ot 1000.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The official
fielding, averages \u25a0of National League
players '.. who ' participated In -\u0084 fifteen or
more games ; in", any one position dur
inff the season of 1905, as compiled by
President ; Pullianv i was' given * out . to
day.:-.;The?leaders follow:
First basemen/ McGann, ' New Yorit, 901; #ec
i-nd basemen. .. Humraell, • Urooklyn, 962: .; third
basemen,?. Hoelsketter,' -St. ."Louis. 9T2: short
stops, •> Corcoran, "Cincinnati. -952: .outflelders.
Ganley.:-Plttaburß. -1000: pitchers— Spark of
Philadelphia;' -'Walker. •of - Cincinnati. Rob«r
taille of Plttsburg and Pfelffer of Chicago, each
1W0; catcher,- lloran," Boston,': 039. •
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
ORSINA EASILY
BEATS SAMPLER
jicGiure s Consistent Per
former Shows Heels to Riv
al in Championship Stake
RULES 2 TO 3 CHOICE
After Running Two Undecid
ed Courses With Ruby San
key, Pony Capital Gets Coin
W. McGuire's game and consistent
performer, Orsina, led and decisively
defeated T. Jolly's greyhound Sampler
in the unfinished final of the postponed
Champion. stake yesterday at Ingleside.
The talent installed Orsina a 2 to 3 fa
vorite, it was expected that Sampler
would get the turn in a long run. but
McGuire's dog took. Sampler to the hare
by. a couple of lengths in a long run up
to the escapes. Queen's Motto re
gained her form and ran some clever
races. On the short end at 5 to 3 sh«
led and easily beat Sunny Shore lv
the final. She was also on -tha short
end with Miss Brummel in the fourth
round and she did not let her opponent
score. . \u25a0
In the postponed reserve event Pony
Capital showed gameness. After run
ning two undecided races with Ruby
Sankey he won the next two courses
and the stake. The. reserve event was
left unfinished on account of darkness.
Following arc the results, with Judge
John Sutton's official score:
Final unfinished Charoblon stake — W. Mc-
Guire's Orstna (Boney Hoy-Lizzie Dell) beat
T. Jolly's SamDler (Fetter Free-Imp. May
flower). 11-0.
Unfinished Reserve stake, third round — Tho
Earl beat Capital Lilly. 9-6; Pony Capital beat
Kuby Sankey. 11-S; Lady Kelp beat Rose of
Gold, 11-3.
Fourth round — Pony Capital beat The Carl,
7-3; Lady Kelp a bye.
Decldinsr course — J Gibbons' Capital Lady
<O. K. Capital-Gyps»y" Imp.) beat E. Preston's
Lady Kelp (Warburton, Imp. -Queen Kelp),
1-I-S.
Open stake, third round— Sunny Shore beat
Idleness. 5-1; Pure Peart beat Miss Vlklns.
7-2: ' Mercedes beat Little Plunder. «-4; Lady
Fleldwick beat St. Julian BUI. tf-4; Miss Brum
mel beat Blanche Jewett. 3-2; Promethean beat
Sweet- Tooth. 11-2; Una beat Moonbeam. 8-0.
Fourth round— Sunny Shore beat Pur« Peart.
4-2; Mercedes beat Lady Fleldwick. *-4;
Queen'R Motto beat Miss Brumroel. U-O; Pro
metheus beat Una. 7-Jt.
Fifth round — Sunny Shore beat Mercede3.
6-4; Queen's Motto beat Prometheus. 7-1.
Deciding conrse — V. Noble' a Queen's Motto
(Fetter Free-Imp. Motto) beat J. CShea Jr.'a
Sunny Shore (Crawford Lad-Youn* Flrenst).
14-5.
Reserve stake, firs* round— Foshunter beat
Ragged Actor. 4-0; Vina beat Hidden Hatred.
4-3; Race King beat Limerick Boy. 14-0; Gam
bit a bye. Lulu Girt withdrawn: Secretive beat
Koyal Friend. 5-1; Conroy beat Lady Leeds,
4-1; Sir Wlnton beat Little Dainty. 12-4; Wtn
nlnx Frlund beat Rapid Water. 8-2; Barney
Rey beat Tom Kins. 5-2; Crazy Jane beat "Wild
Mamie. 0-4; Miss Gambit beat Galveaton.
10-0; The Old Peacb beat Gloomy Qu». -4-2;
Jim H beat Loretta. c*4; Master Garrison beat
Butte City. 0-6; Colored Lady beat Blue Eyes.
tM: Lancashire Lad beat Ml Amlao, 5-1:
Honest John beat Pasha Pleasant. £-2; Mickey
Free beat Fiery Eye, 8-0; Belmont beat T«d
peeanoe. 6-O.
Second round— Foxhunter beat \ lna. 7-«»:
Race King beat Gambit. 6-4; Secretive beat
Conrov. 0-3; Wlnntns Friend beat Sir Wlnton.
9-7; Crazy Jane beat Barney Rey. 5-3: Miss
Gambit beat The Old Peach. 11-5; Master Gar
rison beat Jim H. 3-0; Honest John beat Col
ored Lady. 5-2; Lancashire Lad beat Mickey
Free, 7-2; Belmont a bye. \u25a0 •
Third round— Foxhunter beat Race King. 5-0;
Winning Friend beat Secretive. »-6; Miss Gam
bit beat Crazy Jane. 5-2; Master Garrison beat
Honest »John. 7-2; Belmont beat Lancashire
Lad. 4-3. . .
SOI. DICKS LOSE TO COLUMBIAS*
AFTER STUBBORN FIGHT
Ken Company H Teum of First Regi
ment Show* li» Well oa the '
Gridiron.
The football team of Company H.
First. Regiment. X. G. C, faced the Co
lumbia team yesterday afternoon at
t"he Presidio grounds and after a stub
born game was defeated by a score ot
7 to 5. Columbia scored her points >r\
a touchdown and a touchback. whllo
the Company H boys, scored their live
on a sensational run by S. Bonaclca.
who sprinted the length of the flehl
for a touchdown. . \u25a0
Despite their lack of practice, the
new team of the militiamen showed up
well against their experienced oppo
nents, who were assisted In their game
by Umpire Syce, who is a Columbia
coach. Despite the handicap the sol -
oier boys 3howed faster pluy but le»3
capable team work.
In the mornlnsr at the grounds taa
letter carriers' baseball team lined up
against the municipal employes for a
nine^rining go. Hits were frequent on
both sides and errors many 1 . The scorw
see-sawed back and forth till the end.
when the postal men carried off thu
game by a score of 21 to !!>. Mayor
Schmitz and several, city officials -vti
nessed the game. 'The proceeds wi!l
be .devoted to St. Vincent de Paul
Church fair.
"A FRIEND IN
a&S^B^s* often applied to
Szlnfcli Martjuette Whiskfty;
Z&>t£A*&f±. lts absolute purity.
r*^^K)3m^> delicious flavor and
it . i ißiEa* make It a welcome
l^r-***^!) guest and every
IHAROIJCH* I K uest welcome.
£j£u«Ein% H Asit ior wherever
j!j||||| GROHMES ft ULLRICH
3~^THfIBJH sajl Francisco Branch
P^irQUGttG
1112
TAFT SUSTAINS
JUDGE SMITH
Informs Catholics That Gov-
Ciniijent Cannot Aid Phil
jjjpine Parochial -Schools
GAUJSP .OF ttoIPLAIXt
Commissioner Kef uses to Esf
c , pecially Devote Himself t(^
Interests of the " Cliurdi
KyME. Oct. 29.— -be Vatican authori
lieiS r-avfc received reports frcm The Phil
ippines dealing especially with the recent
visit of Secretary of War Taft and h.i
attitude toward Catholic Interests in th<>
islands. The reports : thai Monsignor
Ambrose Agius. t ho Papal Delegate^call
ed a meeting .of-. Bishops to discuss tfcesi'.
int«3-<?is Withthf Secretary. The lattet'
coiDpfained • jwiticularly that -money
»-hklt- l;ad. been pakl for the f ri? rs\ iVuiiis
ha 4 Jjjen "'aUtn cut oC the lsljJnd>..abtl..
accQ>*(!u>K .to th«>- reports. Vrecalie/I v the
fact tfiat I'ope L*o and Cardinal Ram
polla nad promised him dur.ng his visit to
Runic in V-*±! that the money for the lands
mould g*"< to /lie benefit of the church Sn
the Phllipplnea and not to the religious
orders,"
The Bishops complained of the delay In
ailowivjf Ato<?m toreUik«. their.prope^ty. to
t« n th i¥-.e Sc< reiitVy repMedV
'jii* *prrr>c f i» \u25a0 anJ ;he rights c! lha chur</h
must b^ oh.«cr\ed and proiscifd by th<? Govein
<\u25a0 n«*-nt. TJiow rights. »>h*n in dispute, unle^c
sef.Jed 1} ««r»< l m''jit, juust 1« d^.trmiiißd by
the rcuris of jv;t"t!<f, and the \>rctT\k\lon ot
them ir O;t duty of the Philippines Uovcm
mon. nouonly by virtue of the treaty of Pari*.
but by, the coOSttlUtfoa of the United States.
Secretary Taft ad\ipeti the Catholics to
po to ih*., Sup<enie Court for th^ purpose
of tt gaining the property which they
claim from Archbishop Aglipay. head of
th<? lnrlep^idfft Filipino Church.
The bishops cotnpiained that, after ask
• ing one member ot the Philippints Com
mission to especially devote himsolf to
the protection of Catholic interests, this
hsJd not been done, not even by Judge
James F. Smith, although a Catholic. They
urged the payment by the -Washington
Government wnat was due the Catho
lics for the occupation of church property
b> American troops during the war, and
tinaily set forth the need of financial as
sistance from the state for parochial
t^ehools. J .
Tht reports say that Secretary Taft,
who showed an intention to partially sat
isfy '.he othrr requests, declared it was
impossible tj comply with the last one,
which was against the spirit of the sepa
ration of church and state, a fundamen
tal principle of the United States consti
tution.
. The report* express the hope that there
will be a change in the situation and
trat the question of justice to the
schocls -will be settkd v...tn these schools
art attended by a majority of the chil
dren. Such an outcome, it is said, will
mean economy for the sjate, which will
then require fewer schools.
UflllnK Uorkrn Entertain.
The fourth anniversary enteitain
ment was giv<-n by the Williug Work
ers' Society of the Bush-street Syna
gogue at the Kllis-street Armory Hall
last night. Dancing began late in the
evening and a complete literary and
musical programme was rendered be
fore the orchestra struck up the notes
for the mazy dance. A large crowd en
joyed the entertainment until midnight.
!>USPEtrTED BriiCTLAK ARKESTEp.— Two
in«n were teen acting tuspiciously early yes
terday morning by Policeman O'Dowd at Eddy
end I'olk streets. When they saw the police
mtn they ran away, but he captured one of
them, who cave the name of George Stevens.
He »as booked for being drunk. I^aier O'Dowd
disoovered that the transom over the rear door
of- H. Bui winkle's saloon on the corner had
be*-n broken, and Stevens xras held at the City
Prison pending further investlgration.
ENGLISH CABINET
WRITING DESKS
These are old Eng-
lish in design, and
of mahogany, del i-
- cately inlaid. Ro-
tary chairs to match,,
-upholstered in the
genuine Morocco* -'.
One of the season's ..'
novelties to be seen •
SLOANE'S
H4tol22P6stStreet
m. \u25a0 To compel the Introduction Into . B
I t^ y^Sl IJr of our KxtT3i "Ql t al. X
Ml ITY GROCEHIES"' we offer below E
1 1 SJ? rket value our Combination 51. fa
I 1 rree City and Suburban Delivery 1
!| packed and delivered boats or car» H
I M Jb»; best Granulated Cane H
11 , c s , v J ?ar> whlu and dr y .fi.oo If
I I IS lbs. new fancy Head Table 13
I i Rice, very best log Is
I | l<Mb. nail pure Le«f Lard H
j{ Rex or Swift "„-. --i.oti |3
\u25a0 . B b s;, f anc >> »lxed English * H
I j Breakfast, .fipider Leg, L'n- H
ILi ', colored Gre«n Ja^an or Cey- |°3
j J lon Tea (75c grades, say " §3
II which you prefer) \u0084, 2.30 El
|B ". 6 lbs. Mocha ' and Java Coffee* " |A
j 1 roast or cround,' 40c grade', O
I I none better 1 WA
1 4 5 lbs. Best Bakln? Powder 1%
(«V Eastern Pure IJtO |
t*l \u0084 . Total for group unchanged. fltHJH) E
a • caso Store, lie, •25 Kartct 'siren w
\u25a0> • SAN FRAXCISCO. CAL. . ' M
° l«l JUST OUT
p| VVHOLESALERS
Mb I >*rice lists of Holiday' Goods* | n
J5*"L Chinese and Japanese Fasjcr
|W • Ooods;'Rare Art Curio*: Antiftue
fi ' 'J/\ China; Bilk Enu>roid«rles, Tean
r>Tp?^, I etc. Call or write for handsome
<W6^*J '.Uuttratcd Caulogue."
jeSs£ fook woh &. Co.
•SUSS ic7D«pt«tBt - tivtiisciico
' vu. t.;hbss,
Xotnrj- Public and Attornoj--at-I.,av».
Ttnih Floor. Room 101 1. Claus Spreckels bid;.
Telephone Main 983. - ' - '
Bccldence, ISO 2 McAlUster it, "
; . \u25a0— Ifleac* Teiepaoß«Pa«t £6*l
"PRETTY PEGGY"
IS GOOD PLAY
Plenty of Fun. New Music
and Plot Enough to Suit
Those Liking Such Things
r-f--: '/ • \u25a0 ,\; c
AUDIENCE IS PLEASED
f^ome of the Actors Are
H ilariousl y Convincing
in Theii* . ' Del iheat ions
George Ade's comedy, "Pretty
Pfssy." dropped into town for a day
at the Grand Opera-house yesterday
uiid would have been welcome for
longer. ...
There Is plenty ,of fun, some new
music, sufficiefit plot for the money,
and sonic good people in the' '. cast.
Peggy herself is not all she might be
in Julia West's i hands, the lady bein?
a little stagey in the part. But there
Is distinctly ati original Jn Olivette
Haynes. who Is a Dutch delight as So
phie Blatz, and Arthur Deagon is the
fa .test of fun «s Reginald Hickey. Mr.
Deagon sings, is a dancing Hercules,
ar.d in his pugilistics is' most hilar
iously < onvkKing-. E. 11. O'Connor as
Capiain l'luminer from Hickory Creek
Is another good onel Clara Martin as
his daughter sings prettily and Min
nie Olton Is ns thin as the thin lady
of "Mrs. Wiggj" " cast. •
An audience that filled every scat in
the theater saw the.- piece, and gave
laughter throughout.
A concert, the like of which we shall
not soon hear again, was yesterday after
noon's, ' the artists Harold Bauer and
Hugo Htcrmann, the place Lyric Hall.
Nor was the audience, delightfully mu
sical, one that gathers together every day.
It was an audience most sensitively ap
preciative, and enthusiastic as the Tivoll
Latin ever the longest, strongest top note.
In response both artists gave of their
best, magnificently playing a magnificent
programme.
The cream of this was the Kreutzer
sonata, for years before unheard here,
Most interesting was the reading and per
formance, interesting from all sides. In
evitably Bauer was felt to be the bigger
man, his tone challenging even that of
Mr. Hcernjanns "King Stradivarius"; his
reading excelling in meaning, power, in
all beauty. Yet there was delightful ac
cord "in the "feel" of the ! thing. Both
feel their "Beethoven" in the same way;
it is simply that Bauer has the bigger
grasp. As to the rhythmic pattern, the
dynamic balance, these were almost ab
solute. Not a' rain .of the' fine gold of. Mr.
Heermann's violin was lost, not the tiniest
violet phrase of the piano left to bloom
unheard. The variations possibly "at
traded most attention, given with sover
eign directness and clean, sane, tender
charm. The finale the players took at a
terrific tempo and played with tremen
dous s»r>irit.
Mr. Heermann gave "Seul" the prelude:
"Sarabande." double, and "Bouree." from
the second Bach sonata, all with delicious
clarity and taste. Encored he played a
Bach gavotte, receiving again an ovation.
Mr. Bauer's group of solos included the
Lizst Etude in D flat, the Brahms Ca
priccio in B minor and Chopin's Balade
in G miner.- I couldn't help watching the
wheels go round in the Lizst. the little
finger of the right hand, the second (over)
of the left, the thumbs— everything but
the toes— v.ooing the melody to the sur
face of that misted sea of accompani
ment, every note a jewel of technique, oh
Lord! The leisurely coquetry of Brahms'
Capriccio was given just that way— here's
for ycur luscious staccati— and Mr.
Bauer's Ballade of yesterday converted
me wholly to his Chopin. It was an im
perial performance. 7ull of the poetry, the
splendor of ti.e disdainful aristocracy of
this most aristocratic of geniuses. Gluck
and Bolrlln- things he played gs encores,
and could hardly get back of the scenes
even then. Bailer was king of the piano
when he came>here before; he became
emperor -yesteraay. •
There was the Caesar Franck sonata to
begin the programme, extremely inter
esting, extremely picturesque. A con
cert, truly, of Concerts.
BLANCHE' PARTINGTON. j .
-* \u25a0• • •
For purely arjistic and clean cut work
the Twelve Broomstick Witches, a hold
over from last week at the Orpheum, are
easily entitled to the top line of the bill
over the incoming turns. The girl 6 are
winsome,- pretty and graceful, the cos
tumes are new and artistic, and the bal
let evolutions are worthy of a -New York
comic opera. Second only to them are the
newcomers, , Mr. and Mrs. Edward Es
monde in a serlo comic playlet called
"Another Cucumber." It. is by^ far the
best sketch .seen at the Orpheum in many
a day, and is cleverly handled . by the
actors. \u25a0 ' \u25a0'. ; -
Another new. Act, the Three Sisters Ma
carte, healthy', and graceful' girls, opens
the eye 3 of the blase by exceptional work
on the slack wire. and trapeze. Prelle's
European novel£y. consists of a circus, the
animals being dogs iri papier mache cloth
ing. The intelligent little animals caught
the fancy of the audience and the act was
a bis: success: ''; • ' •> • ' . •
Of the old turns, Clayton, Jenkins and
Jasper the donkey, Raymond and Caverly
in new dialogtie, and * Signorlna Verera
with i well trained voice of fine quality
still please. O'Brien and Buckley would
be funny : if tfee -man,' in the sketch de
scended less often to' vulgarity. ,- z 1 *"
Andrew Mack - opened his second and
last week's engagement at the Colum
bia last evenfrigr in 1 a typical romantic
Irish play.''"T^e- .Way -to Kenmare,"
written especially for him. by Edward
E.Kose. The play was well taken by
the theater-goers and proved more to
their liking than "Tom Moore," which
was presented, 5 last week.
The final * performance of "Tom
Moore" will take place. to-night, when
the Knights of.Oolumbtis will attend In
great numbers, arrangements having
been made for a theater party of more
than 500 people.
LOCAL PRINTERS SUPPORT
THE EIGHT-HOUR MOVEMENT
The members of San Francisco Typo
graphical Union/ No. 4 21, pledged their
support to the International Union in
the ; eft*orf to> Jntroduce-the eight-hour
day in the Eaet at _an enthusiastic
meeting held yesterday afternoon. The
sum of 52700 will be forwarded' \u25a0to
Indianapolis immediately, and ; other
amounts will follow. The printers are
determined that, the success obtained
in many cities shall 'he duplicated- all
over the country/
The Sailors'. Union of the Pacific
Coast will, be represented at -, the. an
nual convention at Cleveland, by, Walter
Mac Arthur ,. Andrew Furtiseth, Ed
Rosenberg^ H.;.L.« Peterson and P.. B.
Gill. The! convention will be called
December 4. . \u0084- . •-;: '.-;. • :
. The Gold .and Silversmiths' Union, -j
bran new organization, has applied for
recognition from. the Labor Council, i; '
\u25a0Tne Boot and; Shoe": Cutters'- Union's
social "at ' Forrester's Hall Saturday
night was attended by a; large crowd."
The VWood, Wire and Metal ; Lathers'
Iml' takes place to-night.
THE SAN JFRANGISGO \CALL V MONDA Y/iOGTORER ; 30, 1905
OFFICER AND ROBBER HAVE
LIVELY HURDLE RACE.
SALOON HELD UP AT NOON
HOLD-UP MAN 'RUN DOWN AND CAPTURED BY A POLICEMAN YESTERDAY
AFTER HE HAU MADE OCCUPANTS OF SAIiOON NEAR NINTH AND HAR
RISON STREETS STAND AND DELIVER A TOTAL OF $1 cO.
An unusually daring daylight hold
up of a saloon and a pursuit ; through
the streets, in which a policeman and
a fugitive robber did a regular; steeple
chase, with fences-for hurdles, result
ing in the capture of the hold-up man
and the recovery _of his loot, created
excitement in the vicinity of Ninth and
Harrison streets yesterday afternoon.
With an unusual' effrontery, owing
to the hour-, of .the day. a -young -man
entered a . saloon -:'at.-, the 'lntersection
of the streets "mentioned and : held up
the proprietor, his: bartender, a'; cus
tomer and a milkman who happened. to
enter in time to_be a participant, in the
exciting experience. The. 'owner- of th«.
place and his 'bartender dashed . . out
into the street" through 'separate doors
after the robber vha.d;«3niptied; the cash
drawer and satisfied ;its .to the
contents of- his -victims' -pockets. The
robber then sought, the'ope'n.i also; re
volver In hand, and the clamorous pur
suit followed.: • -; .-
It was a few " minutes, -after nobn,
when JohrfH/ Hegerhorst, ;-owner;.of
the saloon;, his ; bartender. CvW.^Lude-;
man, and "a customer were»h'olding'an :
argument as. to the relative chances of
Schmitz and Partridge. While .they
were In theyheat-of this> discussion a
young man stepped briskly >M'through
the side- door, and leveling; a r revolver i
at them, commanded the three^ to. throw
COUXCIIrOF SORROW IS HELD
A.MIO PROFOUND,' EXERCISES
San Francisco 'Improved ' Order of Red
Men and | Degree !of \u25a0 Pocahontan
Remember Their Dead. .
A "Council-of Sorrow" of tiae tribes
and councils" of 'San. : Franql:ico Im
proved Order- of Red; Men arid 'Degree
of Pocahontas -was/ held' yesterday at
Red Men's Hall.- Golden | Gate g avenue]
The opening, remarks '. were made .by
Chairman^Adam: Smith, and the , prayer
by John : J. Bryan. Thefreadliigof ; the
roll of the 'departed | Improved; Order of
Red Men .fell to; Porter VL.:., Bliss, Gt.
C. of R., and . the roll -of departed De
gree of Pocahontas was. read iby;Har
riet Janes,- G. K. of ;W. F. D. \u25a0 Brandon,
P. G. S., delivered -the eulogy, .which
was impressive, though buoyant. .: in
hope for the future reward | awaiting
those who are faithful, good i and -true
while living.-. -l ' . 1
Dr. Marshall B. Ryer'gave "The Hour
of Death" and Emllfo', ; "The « Famine,"
from "Hiawatha." The "benediction
was given by John J.? Bryan. .The
Knickerbocker: Quartet .and jj I Mrs. -> E.
Lunsford • and>Mrs. ' Minnie. Betts, P.< G.
P.. rendered. vbca'l^ selections. 41 /:^-;;V
St. .- Francis" .. Church ; . Fair.'
Stf Francis Churcb fair, wilt'eontinue
for two days more? and. will. ;close~ tO7
morrow night. The; : two ; remaining
nights will '• be' nuirked .by \u25a0 art auttion
of all the articles.' that, remain. Vand
as many of c them will go fo\- : a - trifle
an , .opportunity -is, given the public
to make • cheap |([ Father
Caraher has announced that tlie' voting
for \ the , most popular president ' of the
Ancient Order of :t: t Hibernians! .will end
at -10:30 / Tuesday] night.," /H. jj.:. Pierce
of Division vlO. is ; now, in^thel-jad," with
Officer P. B. : Mahoriey; second.' [ •" ; v
•-\u25a0The capacity. of !. the -'hall . was;testea
last -week and .It Us expected;' that a
large^ number. of friendsand patrons -of
the parish will -be -present these two
last-nights of .the fair.. ' v^l;
Builds. up, "liH the. waste tissue of-the
kidneys.-. Lash's; Bitters. ': :\ . • •
Will Tnlk on Hlkli Llcrune.
The , forces* of .high: license Nvill meet
at -HowardrStreet-VM/iE^ChurcJi on; Fr
iday. - under ; the : auspices of jt he Men's
Methodist* League. '.'f Able I speakers will
address the f;; Rev. | J.:?H/:;N.
AVllllanis.'D. D.;; will answer 'rils critics.
RevJ- A^.C.V;Bane;>D. p^v;will|ipcak :on
the .effect^ of Slow; license,- morally;! and
politically.^;; Dr. iWhite \wiirtell| the' vot-'
ers what their duty Y is on **elec tlon * dayV :
up their hands. They obeyed at once.
The robber stepped behind the draw
er and took the contents of .the * cash
register, $1 60. Just then the driver of
a San Carlos Dairy wagon stepped In
and his hands also went. ! up in the air.'
Ludcmun was then : forced to search
the pockets of the other three '\u25a0 men.
He reported that they contained; no
money. • \u25a0
.'.'The robber started to go'behind the
counter of "the grocery- department,
\u25a0when ' Hegerhorst dashed out" the front
door. - Ludcnian bolted* out ;the side
idoor. E The robber ran out' on to and
down;' -'Harrison "'.'-\u25a0;, followed by
Hegerhorst and; his bartender,* blowing
police ' whistles -and -* crying, • "Stop
thief !" \u25a0\u25a0-•.. "\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0; ;'; ' !\u25a0>.,; .-! \u25a0;'••
Police Officer J. H: > Fairweather of
the'-'-O'Farrell-str'eet 'station 'was just
leaving the ball game.-; He . pursued
the- robber. The desperate fugitive,
closely pressed, turned into a- cul de
sac off Harrison stret. Then, came
some lively- "hurdling.- ,; -Robber and
policeman \«ent • over- fence after \u25a0 fence,'
until'.,finally -the "robber. exhausted,
dropped his pistol, : . which '. was s picked
•tip' by a' citizen, and/gave himself; up.
At' the Southern station .the.' captive
gave -his 'name:as:' John -Hurley., The
$1 60 he: had stolen was found j; In his
pocket/ Captain Spillane complimented
Fairweather -highly. ; , -•
HOLD MEMORIAL SERVICES .'
r, AT THE OLD PEOPLE'S HOME
Relmtiven nnd Friends of the .Honored
Founders Take Part In.Bcnu
1 . . tliful ExervineN.
; Impressive memorial services were
held yesterday at the • Old - People's
Home. Pine and Pierce streets/ for the
revered founders, Mr. and Mrs.. Charles
Crocker, Colonel Fred v; Crocker. - Mrs.
Charles P. Nelson and Mrs. S. B. Pe
terson. : . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 - : \u25a0
The beautiful chapel of the home
was filled with representative citizens
•and: among the close relatives ;of the
departed founders, were Mrs.;- Henry
Crocker, | Mrs. Eugene Bresse, daughter
of Mrs. Nelson, . and "Frank B. Peterson,
son of Mrs. " Peterson.: '
; The • memorial address was' delivered
by, : the Rev.; George C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor 'of \u25a0 the : First : Congregational
Church, and the Rev. I. C. Meserve read
the- scripture; lessons.'
Dr. Adams • spoke feelingly of the
founders and of the happy, results that
have followed the founding * , of the
homc..;:;;';^;'.-.-::-:;- :.''\u25a0' >':?'* ;\u25a0
.Most/ Wonderful CureM
Of stammerlnK at Norcross Institute, branch
9S>3 Market, nr., 6th; cure before pay. 2 to 5 p.m*
Swedish-american; club
: gives v grand -annual . picnic
Candidate* for the Coming Election Are
Allowed , a -Few -Minutes to
Address the Crowd. \u25a0
The Swedish-American Political Club
gave its fifteenth annual day/and.moon
light picnic -at Shell. Mound Park yes
terday." Large crowds; bipgari; to gather
early .7 and : stayed Z late t and /every lone
seemed " to be . . having y a v general \u25a0 good
time. x-Dancingi was ! the i chief ; source -of
amusement ; for Vthe'olderypeople.'fwhile
the younger/ones .were con tent' ;lo: spend
their time; with swings^and' games.;. \u25a0 V:
Many candidates!fqr office at the com
ing election r weFe present from the city
and each \ was .'allowed V "a ff ew;. minutes
to address those; present.-! The addresses
occupied -: the /interval the
dances.and, while the time was limited,'
all \u25a0 candidates .lwere.;; given ; ; an ; equal
show, and' no "part y, lines ,were;drawn. ,
, The Purlt> /of Hurnett'n; Vanlllo; Is
never questioned; by "any. pure I food commission.*
ft; STRUCKiBT; CAR.— While crossing MeAUls
ter : street -ncari ßuchanan; WilllanaiO'Nelll.t a
stableman, was struck iby I the staunchion of. a
passing -.; car ' and J severely ; lnjured.'dle r- wai
treated , at = the '\u25a0 Central - Emergency .' Hosdl tal. \u25a0 ' |
OAKLAND'S
OFFICIALS
AWAKENED
Illness of Child
to Have Been liesiilt of
Impure Milk and Crusade
lls Begun Against Dairies
DR. BOYES SPEAKS
OPINION VIGOKOUSLY
Says Statistices Show That
Half Million Little Oiies
Are Poisoned \ Yearly hy
the Unscrupulous Dealers
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— The sudden and
dangerous illness of the 2-year-old* son
of Attorney J. A. -. Taylor, believed to
have been poisoned, by impure milk,
closely following the revelations re
garding the San Francisco milk sup
ply, has aroused the health authorities
and .' physicians of this city. As a re
sult City Veterinarian R. A. Archibald
and Sanitary Inspector Gemmell have
taken samples of the milk supplied . by
all the dairies that do business in Oak
land, but Dr. C. H. Ro we, who | tested
tae samples f' -formaldehyde, failed to
lind any. traces of that poison.
It is the opinion of Dr. E. J. Boyes,
who is attending the Taylor child, that
the lad has been poisoned by milk, but
he does not claim that any adulterant
was used. He believes that the un
sanitary conditions of the average dairy
is responsible for the child's condition.
"Perhaps the gravest danger that is
facing the public, from th^e standpoint
of the public health, Is Impure food,"
said Dr. Boyes in; discussing the case
to-day, "This child'is now hovering be
tween life and death, and, in my opin
ion, his condition iatlue to drinking im
pure milk.
"That there should be such a death
rate of infants is a shame upon civiliza
tion, but it is not all due to the dairy
men, though they are unquestionably
guilty of criminal carelessness. The
general public, respectable and intel
ligent' members of j society, is also re
sponsible. I say the carelessness of the
public is .criminal and I use the word
advisedly. . • .. ; 
"The average milk contains 200,000
bacteria to the cubic centimeter, while
pure milk contains only- from 7000 to
10,000 bacteria.. .. ;
I'The latest- statistics - show that
500,000 children die annually from the
; use of impure "milk. . If. a dairyman or
tiny other citizen went oat on the street
vv It if ii ithotsvn and' killed fifty children
he. would be the victim of a mob, yet
I he j may: serve impure milk that might
kill that number of Infants and noth
ing would be thought of it. \u25a0
"My language may be strong, but it
is time that strong language be used.
Many physicians of Oakland are sup
porting a dairy that lsconducted in. a
sanitary manner and I tell all my pa
tients about it. Perhaps 10 - per cent
of these patients give heed to my warn
ing." The others seem*to \u25a0 think I am a
crank on the subject" and declare that
they purchase only the best of milk.
"The people demand cheap milk) they
pay-for It with the -lives of -their chil
dren. . One-fourth of. the children that
die annually In thin country might be
saved by sanitary reßulrttlon» in . our
dairies. . .
"The man who conducts a grogshop
and "sells bad whisky . sells ' only to
those who go to his place of business;
the man who sells Impure -milk and he
who buys it is forcing poison and death
upon 1 innocent little ones.".
The recent disclosures across the bay
have thoroughly frightened the house
wives of Oakland and every day sam
ples of - milk are . taken to the Health
Office to be tested. So" far, however, the
chemists have been unable to find a
trace of formaldehyde In the samples
submitted. \u0084
*'The infant child .of .Attorney, and
Mrs. Taylor was better to-day, but he.
is" still in a critical condition and the
physicians have'grdve fears for his re
covery.
TO ERADICATE MILK EVIL.
CitivenM Talk of. Antl-Adnlteratlon Aa
. 'aoelatlon and Prlvnte Laboratory. ;
' The present crusade against the sale
of .adulterated and- poisonous milk to
consumers in " : San Francisco :is likely
to result in the forming -of- an organi
zation; of citizens for. the permanent
stamping out . of this pernicious evil
that the graft system' of administering
the affairs of the municipality, has.al
lowed Ito take such a strong hold. \ It |Is
realized by consumers that the present
burst of activity on behalf of the exist
ing Board of Health is likely to die out
immediately 'after election and condi
tions become as bad as they were be
fore the poisoning of %the • Lent babies
by milk from a dairy that "had an ex
cellent-reputation" with . the depart
ment caused an awakening to the fact
that the milk supply. of San- Francisco
was mostly! unfit for human consump
tion; '\ V •:\u25a0'\u25a0:. m ' ' \u25a0 ' '; "\u25a0 : '-' '
.The matter of forming: an association
to work for .'-.the v purification 1 :; of the
milk supply and ; which may extend its
efforts toward driving from ' tho \u25a0; mar
kets all impure food has- been talked of
by ' a number' of citizens ia,nd definite
steps in that direction may bo taken
soon. Just how the work would be carried
on has not yet been, planned inl detail,
but on© suggestion is. that a laboratory
be maintained* by private subscription,
to which any member, of- the associa
tion could take samples. . In Uhls way
a sort of general' ''tab" could be; kept
on the milk from; the various »; dairies
and^any of^ them found supplying 'an
adulterated ] I product • could be r specially
watched and f the';- owners • brought )j,to
Justice.
The- milk; supplied consumers is-.im
proving ; in: quality, under; the ! exposures
that' have been made, j but' this " improve
ment comes Jmostly;from' "orders"; from
some t mysterious ; source J that might,
however, be i: traced ..without: great ' diffi
culty, * it; is ;believed."%Thls'fmprpyeirient
shows what- can- be doneUo ward ? insur^
ing 'I the 7 - people fai supply- of ipiire^ milk
if;tKoseXvhosd sworntduty; it is. to pro
tect" the! public; in: this^ regard .will per
form ; that y duty. -.'j The*, better :, class of
dairymen; it is ;thought,{are willing ;to
supi>ly,pure*milk ifi they. can^be assured
that Lunscrupulous > competitors .are not
sellingia.doctoredj article' under : a sys
tem of rprotectlon:;-y. ' VVV V , -
:;*The law. prohibits adulteraton of milk
and > provides!' a; penalty fandiprosecui
tions>i may ;be ; under > com
plaint^ofi; private (citizens jwho^flnd^the
adul^rarits.Twlthout'rcportingjthe^mat
tep^to*th"elHeaUb7-B6ardriaTherefls noth
lrig''ito'prevehtJ"thejHealth (Board carry
lng'on) prosecutions j InTcases'; where I the
proof "i -of s»is" supplied ?"by
citizens. It seems, though, from the
of over 300 manufacturers' samples. At prices so utterly low as to
" 'make wonderine women say (as many who attended last Aprils saie
did), "Where could" you buy the cloth alone for the price I paid for
this skirt?" , Scores of skirts will to-day teach an economy lesson to
scores of women.
Some of the Remarkable Values
$ 3.75 Skirts now. . $2.50 $ 6.00 SKirts now. . $3.75
$ 7So*kirts now S5 00 $10.00 SKirts now. . $6.50
f.DU MiriS nOW. . ?)J.UU (These include Etamines) \
$11.50 SKirts now. $7.50 $15.00 SKirts now. . $9.50
(These include Silk Skirts) (Also Etamines and Taffetas)
$16.50 Skirts now $10.50 $18.50 SKirts now 51 2.50
(Many" in Silk and Etamine) * Etamines and Silks)
«nnn^fri.»nw «iS in $22.50 SKirts now $15.00
$20.00 SKirtS nOW $13.50 (Di: , gonal serges, Silks and Eta-
(Silks and Etamines .also) mines) ~;
Ail Winter Weights
Materials^ include Cheviots, ' Panamas, Broadcloths. Alpacas,
Serges, Tweeds, etc. Description is impossible, but from $7.50 to
$15.00; there are also dozens of beautiful Etamine and Silk Tatteta
Skirts, all in the newest models and not a single one that many
women wouldn't gladly pay full price for^ "
. All colors— mostly dark, such as you'd want your winter skirt to
be — Navy Blues, Blacks. Browns, Grays, etc.
° All Way Uftderpriced
But still greater imDOrtance is added to this truly unusual hap- <>
pening in announcing that skirts from our regular high-class stock
have joined the ranks, thus making this THE GREATEST SKIRT
CARNIVAL known to careful shoppers.
j - .-.i-i^-i,-.^^uMmmuMMmjmm — \u25a0in. — \u25a0- -^ «— ——————— —^d
SEKIOUSLY INJURED
IX FOOTBALL GAME
James McGregor the Victim
of a Collision in an
Alameda Contest.
James McGregor, a carpenter, resid
ing at 1219 Eighteenth street in this
city, was injured during a friendly
game of football in Alamcda yester
day afternoon. McGregor sustained a
concussion of the brain and he re
ceived his injury in exactly the same
spot where he was struck with a sand
bag by footpads on August 6.* He was
brought to this city and is being treat
ed at the Harbor. Receiving Hospital.
The 'game that was being played
across the bay was between the Vam
pires and "the Eagles. The former Is a
Scottish organization and the Eagles Is
composed of Native Sons. The two
teams have arranged to play a series
of games, and one of these was in
progress when McGregor, playing for
ward for the Vampires, collided with
a member of the other team. McGreg
or was rendered unconscious for a con
siderable time and was later brought
to this city. At, the Harbor Hospital
it was found that the player had been
struck on. the left temple and that he
had sustained concussion of "the brain.
It Is believed that his injuries may
prove serious. The patient has now re
gained consciousness and will be re
moved to "a private hospital.' Last Au
gust McGregor was struck, down by
one of four men near the Hebrew
Home on the -old Mission road, and
robbed of a watch, chain and several,
dollars. At | tha± ) time . his skull was
injured In exactly the same place as It
was yesterday. '
Dr. . Howard Cameron,
Eye, ear, nose, throat specialist, has returned.
Office at 218 Stockton at., Dana building. •
HOLDS UP PLTJMEEE
AT POINT OF A GUN
ffichael Carty Has \u25a0 an 1 Early
3Lorningi Experience -* (
oi Way Home.
';.' Michael Carty, a;plu'mber," residing at
•1321« Larkin street, reported to, the po
lice that he had been . held up and
robbed ; by 'two '"'men ; on • California
Street, between Leavenworth and Jones,
"early yesterday, morning. The thieves,
one of whom u was armed, secured only
$2 B.Q and, thus far the police have been
'unable to galn'a clew. as to their iden
tity. - - . \u25a0 .'. -*\u25a0
\ Carty was on; h!s way to his home
jWhen the" robbery occurred. He says
the two men were concealed behind a
/clump of bushes and. that when he ap
proached, one stepped out and ordered
him to throw., up his hands. This man
iWore a black mask which nearly, con
cealed his , features. ;. When Carty
_raised his hands the other thief, also
masked, appeared, : and went through
:hls pockets. He begged. the men not
;to harm; him and he was assured that
,he" would not -.be "injured. As soon
?as he was searched, he . was told to
•proceed down California street, and the
'.robbers ' ran off In. the rotner direction.
;Carty proceeded .t o his home and a/ lit-.
,tle t later 'made .; a report of the matter
to the Central; Police station.
[fetches Female Accomplice.
v On October -V Peter-Hanson, a sailor,
<was robbed of $77 and a gold watch In
a Kearny street. resort, by. "Annie Bar
.setti and Edward Davis. Soon after
'the l ' crime, was 1 committed Davis -was
; taken . Into custody ; and la now serving
V sixty-day^- sentence In \ the County
•'Jail. Mast night the Barsettl. woman
was located. and arrested by 1 Police; O
fficer James "Ward and locked up In the
City Prison for;the part she played In
the crime. She will ' appear ; in ' court
this; morning jon a charge of grand
-larceny. .; \u25a0 , \u25a0" - . '
;Lent'case and subsequent ones that of
\u25a0 fending: dairymen: are not likely to suf
fer the consequences ; of Uhelr acts un
less - citizens j undertake : , the ; prosecu
tions In their cfwn, behalf. The aroused
"state of public sentiment" la;' proving a
strong fagent", in the interests of anti
adulteration,'; but those .who , are talk
ing of;formingr ; the association referred
to ! are^ not 'satisfied to rely on this for
permanent ; reform. >. .
\u25a0', : The; doubling ;of -the, price! of milk in
San i Francisco; seems ; to* have resulted
more ' in ; a (deterioration \ than " a \ better
mentTof; Its 'quality 'land; consumlrs" feel
v ; the •reverse should have: been the
case.3^ttHBBBBHs«BWBWBIMBBwHSB3BIaMa
? SYRUP : -. aKEEPS ;,.THE s, COlN*.— Michael
Brady.'- 501 • Seventh i street. , reported to the po
lice '< yesterday t ha t on - Saturday - mornin g he
gave:Charlea*Syrupa twenty. dollar grold pleca
to get changed.. 1 " .That .was the last he had seen
of Syrup or the gold piece. . .
Few Visit Park and Beach.
The threatening weather kept many
away from the part and beach yes
terday. Though the fog began to roll
in long before the band had run
through half its programme a crowd of
music-lovers lingered near the band
stand until the last air was played.
The surf was much too 'cool for the
wading crowd and a sharp northwest
wind cleared the beach early In the
afternoon.
POUND DEAD IN BED.— John Cunningham
was found dead In bed In his room at 22 Mint
avenue yesterday morning by the landlord,
George Altken. The body was taken to th»
Morgue. Cunningham was a marine fireman,
single. 41 years of age. and had been drinking
heavily. Death is supposed to have resulted
from natural causes.
<& CO.
GROCERS.
118 FOURTH STREET
TEI.EriI*O-\E HOWARD 1868. *
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
19 lbs. Beat Granulated Susrar $1.00
"Wltli Orders.
Our Ov»n Wa.ibins Powder. 18-oa.
piifkase, 2 for ..:....... .. n . ..... .5e
Reg-. 5c Each.
Best Eastern Susar- Cured Bncon.lb.lso
Keg. ISC.
Best Mocha and Java Coffee* lb 15c •.
Reg. 35c j
3 lbs. Beat California Rolled Oats. .35c C
Ree- 6 lbs. • \
• lbs. Spilt Peas (New and Fresh).. 2s«
Res. 4 lbs 25c.
« lbs. Choice Island Rice 25e
Res. 4 lbs 23c.
Laundry Starch, 16-os. packatxe 5o
Res.. 10c
Creamery Butter, Choice Quality* sq.4oe
Res.'«c
Fresh Eerss, dosen ............ .....S5«
. - \u0084. . Reg. 40c
Choice English Breakfast Tea. 1b.. .20c
Re*. 30c.
N>tt Fis;*, 5 lbs... .......25c
'-?;• . Ree. 10c. - - .<-
rAXTTT
ZINKAND
] ..Will Reopen..
Thursday, Nov. 2 A
Completely Reno-
:, , yated . under the :
Management 0f...
JOHN T AIT and
GUSTAV MANN j
/j^jK Perfect Fitting /J*5S
\u25a0Rr GLASSES w\
v&42v &42
For the cure of all disorjrrs oi the stonia h.
Liver. • Bowels . Kidneys. Bad "c . Feirs« I •
r«gul*rttl«9. Sivk Htad-cho, OiHou-n ss ton-
Mlpatiun. Piles and all dentruoinajta uf t t
Internal -Viscera. '25 certs a" box. At I'ru .-
Cists', or by mall. \u25a0 RADWAT * CO., New To.lc.