CLEVELAND, Aug. 9.— The World-News to-day says: •
"At conferences now taking place at Forest Hill between
John D. Rockefeller and President William R. Harper of Chi
gago University, plans are being formulated for the further,en
dowment of that educational institution by Mr. Rockefeller.
" President and Mrs Harper arrived in Cleveland to-day.
The visit of the Harpers to the home of Mr. Rockefeller is
said to be one of a social nature, but it is known that plans in
volving an outlay of $ 50,000,000 are under consideration by
Mr. Rockefeller, who desires to make the university the greatest
seat ot learning in the world. It is believed final steps in the
matter will have been taken before President Harper leaves, and
his return to Chicago will be followed by the announcement
that the work of enlarging the university will be begun at once."
CHICAGO, Aug. 9. — President' William R. Harper of
the University of Chicago, accompanied by Mrs. Harper, left
last night for Forest Hill, the home of John D! Rockefeller,
near Cleveland, Ohio. The visit, it was announced, was purely
social.
Dr. Harper said that his health was better than it has been
at any time since he was operated upon for cancer and that he
was regaining his strength while teaching two hours daily, besides
attending to his official business of the university.
Oil Baron Intends to Make It
the World's Premier Seat
«
of Knowledge.
Great Western Institution of Learning Is to Be Enlarged\
ROCKEFELLER WILL GIVE TO CHICAGO
UNIVERSITY A TOTAL OF $50,000,000
VOLUME XCVIII— NO. 71.
T St^CalifgFi o ts More New§ Thari Any Oth^r Paper Published i n Ig^fi^f^nipasco
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Only Way." Mat
inee.
CHUTES— Specialties. " Matinee.
CENTRAL— "No Wedding Bells for
Her."
COLUMBIA — "Weathtr Beaten Ben
sen."
GRAND — "The Merchant of Venice."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matinee.
TIVOLI— "Rob Roy."
EDUCATOR AND OIL. KING WHO
ARE PLANNING TO UPBUILD
CHICAGO UNIVERSITY.
Storm* Damage *-nnta Fe^Traoks.
SAN BERNARDINO. Au3.'9.— Severe
storms are causing considerable dam
i^ge to the Santa Fe tracks both east
and west of Needles, delaying all trains.
The; most serlou* damage Is west of
JCeedles. where several . bridges have
been washed out. Westbound passen
ger trains number seven and one are
awaiting repairs to the tracks between
>'eedles and Goffs. By to-morrow v morn
lag trains will be running on time. .
PARIS. Aug. 9.— The 'civi; tribunal of
the Seine to-day prono"unced- a judicial
separation In the case of Major General
Mcßride, who was a prominent member
of the Irish Brigade of the Boer army In
the South African war. and his wife,
formerly Maude Gonne. the well-known
agitator, who has been called the Irish
"Joan of Arc."
Mrs. Mcßride retains the custody of
their children, whom the major will be
allowed to visit periodically. The ques
tion of an absolute divorce will be heard
at a future sitting.
Irish "Joiin of Are** I* Granted the
ru-.t0.1v of Their
Children.
Continued on l'nge 2, Column 1.
VANCOUVER. B. C.,, Aug. 9. — By the
capsizing of a boat in a whirlpool at
Chrlstiania Lake, -near Grand Forks, B.
C, 'Miss/ Agnes . Ruckle and Miss Ida
Anderson were drowned. Three others
in -the ; party managed to reach shore
in an exhausted condition. Miss Ruckle
resided \u25a0 in Vancouver and 1 Miss 'Ander
son's home was In Minneapolis.
Drowned by Cnpwlxlng: of Boat.
Will Tent the Game Laws.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 9.— State
Deputy Game Warden W. B. Dewey has
sworn out.- warrants , against three
hunters, whom -he charges with hav
ing killed adeer out of season. A few
days ago the Court of Appeals de
clared the . county law prohibiting the
shooting of doves, unconstitutional,
and the hunters jumped to the conclu
sion that all oorf r the county game laws
were set aside by the decision. The
Game Warden; declared he would pro
tect the deer, arid ; got out r. the war
rants to make a test case
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 9.— Cecil
Sharpless; the 10-year-old son of C. W.
Sharpless,, died this , evening from the
efTect of a rattlesnake bite. The child
\u25a0was playing on- the Glen Helen ranch
with his little -sister this ; morning
when he was- struck. The boy ; was
taken to the ranch house, where his
arm was bound .and 'the wound silt
while a \ team was being, hitched: "As
the party started for , a ; physician's of
flee here; the horses \u25a0, ran away and the
boy's foot: ; was caught . between *the
wheel and r-; ; the- bed .- of r ,ithe wagon,
bruising: it badly and. tearing 1 , all .of
the skin i from on_e; side. ./_'-_ V. ";.% -...V,-..
Which M uy U mult in His
Denth.
"Volo" Receive* Injuries In Helena
HELENA, Mont.. Aug. 9.— "V010,"' the
bicycle rider with the Barnum & Bailey
circus, who jumps the gap during the
performance, failed to do the trick here
to-night and fell to the ground. *He
was unconscious for half an hour. The
physicians at first thought he was "not
seriously hurt, but later they .said
they feared he was internally Injured
and would die. He left Helena shortly
after midnight with the circus in
charge of a physician.
"Volo's" correct name Is Tom Butler.
His wife loops the loop in an automo
bile and she followed' with her. turn
to-night Immediately after the accident
to her husband.
Special , Dispatch to The Call.
MAJOR McBUIDE AND WIFE
JUDICIALLY SEPARATED
Snake Attacks Him While
He Is Playing on His
Father's Ranch.
BICYCLE RIDER FALLS
WHILE JUMPING THE GAP
BITE OF A RATTLER
KILLS A YOUNG BOY
* KANBAS CITY. Mo., Aug. 9.— lt was re
ported among railroad men and contrac
tors this - afternoon x that the .William
Kentflck Construction Company of this
city has secured the contract for building
the Western Pacific Railroad, the railway
to be built by the Gould interests from
Salt Lake City to San - Francisco at a
cost of several million dollars. The con
tract is the largest ever signed for rail
"road work in the United States.
Kentflck is not in Kansas City at pres
ent. S.N. Lee, who Is Interested In the
construction • company. Is , «n New York
City, where the contract was let. At the
office of the company the, report was
neither confirmed . nor denied, though it
was admitted that Kentflck was a bidder
for the contract and- hoped to getlt-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Aug. 9. — Pedestrians late
last night witnessed the unusual sight
of a man clad only in a night shirt
running at top speed through the
streets with a half dozen blue coated
policemen in hot pursuit. The sprinter
was Frank Avfla. a brother of Henry
Avila, who is employed in the Southern
Pacific general offices at San Francisco.
Young Avila came here a week ago
from Mexico, where he has been en
gaged ia prospecting for gold. He
stopped at the home of his sister, who
is the wife 'of John A. Neu, a promi
nent business man.. The Neus noticed
that Avila acted queerly and were
X>repa.ring to communicate •with his
brother when the night exploit oc
curred. Whea captured Avila explained
that ne had seen gold in a dream and
liad slipped out the back door and Into
the streets to locate the mine.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Said to Have Secured Con
tract From the Western
Pacific. •
KANSAS CITY FIRM
TO BUILD THE ROAD
Frank Avila, a Prospector,
Becomes ilentally De
ranged at Fresno.
SEARCH FOR GOLD
AFFECTS HIS 3IIND
OMAHA, Aug. 9.— Can a white cook do
better cooking cooped up in a dining-car
kitchen than a black cook?
This is the problem which the Union
Pacific dining-car department has set out
to solve. For some . weeks the s colored
chefs have T been, gradually giving place
to white men, and the* work was com
pleted this week. There is not a single
colored cook on any portion of the Union
Pacific system to-day.
The question, involved is, in a measure,
as to the relative importance of skill in
cooking on the one hand and cleanliness
In methods and habits on the other. It is
admitted that the colored man's cooking
may often be of superior quality, but the
criticism is made that he is slovenly and
less painstaking in his handling of the
food. Consequently . he has had 1 to go
until the road shall have had an oppor
tunity to test the relative merits, of the
white cook. The . experiment is being
watched by the officials : of other rail
roads with interest.
An incipient stampede of colored wait
ers, among whom a report had been cir
culated by a" mlschlef-loving ; employe
that they also were to be replaced by
white men, .has been checked by an offi
cial declaration that the colored waiters
are to be retained. Assurance to this ef
fect was given to a body of fifty 'colored
waiters.
FRESXO, Aug. 9. — When called upon
to-day to swear away the life of her
father, Mary Rlggins, the eleven-year
old dauhter of Emmet Riggins, who
killed Robert E. Deane on July 31,
burst Into tears and leaving the wit
ness stand she dodged the detaining
hand of the court bailiff, ran to her
father and throwing her arms about
his neck clung to him weeping. When
order was finally restored in the court
room the girl was in a condition bor
dering on hysterics and the proceed
ings were postponed.
The pathetic incident occurred at the
preliminary examination of Riggins.
Beside her mother, little Mary was the
only witness to the shooting, but' as
her mother cannot according to law
be compelled to go on the stand against
her husband, the daughter is the only
one who can give direct evidence as
to the shooting. The circumstantial
evidence points strongly to unprovoked
murder, but to make the case complete
the testimony of the little girl must be
obtained. f
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Called Upon to Swear Away
the Life of Her Unfor
tunate Father.
Union PacifiG Decides
Upon a Change
in Cooks.
YOUXG GIRL PLACED
IN TRYING POSITION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— The grafting pro
clivities of the ;. American people took
solid root in the days of Washington,
according to Professor Francis W. Shep
ardson of the University of Chicago, who
declares this particular method of acqui
sition is not so bad to-day as it used to
be— comparatively, of course— for . the
country has grown considerably since its
father died.
Professor Shepardson is a recognized
authority on United States history and
is one of the foremost historians of the
country. His views on "Graft," deliv
ered before a gathering of junior and
senior students at the University of Chi
cago, were, at least theoretically, con
vincing.
The present-day grafters did not ap
pear so bad to the students when they
heard from the professor's own lips that
graft, tainted money and vulgar com
mercialism all flourished at the Inception
of this Government.
"Why, Peter Faneuil, who. built Faneuil
Hall, which historians have termed 'the
Cradle of Liberty.' was a liquor dealer
who made his money ;by beating the
Government," the professor solemnly de
clared.
"There is also proof that one of the
signers of the Declaration .of Indepen
dence was indicted for smuggling," the
professor .concluded, impressively.
Historian Says It Was
More Prevalent
Than To-Day.
WHITE CHEFS
OUST NEGROES
ON THE TRAINS
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The Times says:
"W. R. Hearst, whom Tammany does not
intend to renominate as Congressman
from the Eleventh District after the close
of his present term, is preparing to fight
the decree of Charles F. Murphy. Hearst
intends to make a contest for renomina
tion and his campaign managers are al
ready at work. As the first step, Hearst
has completed arrangements to give
every man. woman and child of the dis
trict a free trip to Coney Island, includ
ing admission to most of the Luna Park
shows. Beginning to-day, several thou
sand persons will be carried daily to the
island, the number being so distributed
that there will be a steady stream every
day until early In September.
"Thousands of tickets are being dis
tributed through the district by Hearst's
agents, each being dated so as to pre
vent the crowd from swamping the park
on any single day. The tickets have
coupons good for a trolley ' ride to the
island from Brooklyn "bridge, an arrange
ment having been made with the Brook
lyn Rapid Transit people. By this treat
ment Mr. Hearst hopes that he will have
the inside track a -year, from this fall,
when the district will be called upon to
make a nomination for Congress.
"Mr. Murphy caused the announcement
to be made several weeks ago that
Charles \V. Fornes. president of the
Board of Aldermen and now acting
Mayor, would be. the Democratic nominee
from the Eleventh District In 190& It Is
one of the most ' overwhelmingly Demo
cratic districts In the, city.".
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— The offlcerg
ebout-the Brooklyn navy yard are great
ly interested just at present in rather
unusual orders having been received by
Lieutenant Charles Nelson, in command
ot the submarine boat Plunger. The or
ders came from the Secretary of the
JCavy and read:
"You are to proceed as soon as possible
to Oyster Bay and report to the Presi
dent."
The general impression is that Mr.
Roosevelt would like very much to take
a dsr> in the submarine if he were not
President, and wants to see anyway what
this crack boat can do. Three years ago
he went to Annapolis, fully expecting to
go down in the Holland, but was per
cuaded not to do so by certain members
of the Cabinet who had accompanied him.
On this particular occasion the President
is reported to have turned on his heel
rather sharply and remarked that some
day he would have a chance.
It will be five days before the Plunger
Trill be in trim to make the run to Oyster
Bay. Three torpedoes are ready to be
placed on the craft and a sample of tar
get practice with these will be given.
Owing to the narrow channel and shal
low water it is out of the question to
dive in Oyster Bay. Instead the plunge
\u25a0will be made outside, In the Sound.
The Piunger is considered the finest
type of our submarine boats.
WEISER, Idaho, Aug. 9.— Mrs. Charles
Olson, wife of a prominent rancher and
sheep raiser living about fifteen miles
from this city, was accidentally shot and
killed by her husband this morning. Olson
had been bothered considerably of late
by coyotes killing his chickens and other
farm-yard fowls, and he borrowed a rifle
with which to shoot them.
This morning Mrs. Olson called her
husband's attention to a coyote chasing
a chicken in the yard. Olson got the
rifle and proceeded to throw a shell from
the magazine into the breech block. x.»o
trigger was rusty and worked hard. Sud
denly there was an explosion and Mrs.
Olson fell to the floor, the ball having
penetrated her groin. The femoral artery
was severed and she soon bled to death.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Rival Editor Says Congress
man Seeks a Eenom
ination.
GRAFT KNOWN
TO COUNTRY'S
FOREFATHERS
HEAKST MAY EESIST
TAMMANY'S. DECEEE
Fatal Accident Follows
Use of a Rifle That
Was Rusty.
Under-Sea Craft Gets
Order to Visit
Oyster Bay.
FARMER KILLS
WIFE INSTEAD
OF COYOTE
MR. ROOSEVELT
MAY RISK LIFE
IN SUBMARINE
"WOOSTER. 0., Aug. 9.— That neither
principal in the Taggart divorce case will
ask for alimony was brought out to-day
in an for the admission of a
statement as to Mrs. Taggarfs finances.
"We have not asked for alimony and
don't expect to," said Attorney Wertz.
"Neither will we." said Attorney
Smizer, "if my client Is granted a di
vorce."
"I attempted to bring about a recon
ciliation between my brother and his wife
without his authority and his knowl
edge," was the statement wrung from
Howard Taggart when he was recalled
to the stand to-day for cross-examina
tion.
Thomas Moraldo, the Filipino valet of
Captain Taggjart. occupied the stand
most of the morning and told in broken
accents of the visits of Lieutenant
Forescua to Mrs. Taggart while Cap
tain Taggart was away on duty at Kan
sas City at the time of the flood. With his
own eyes he saw the lieutenant enter the
house and go upstairs to Mrs. Taggart'*
-roam, where he remained with Mrs. Tag
gart for an hour. - • - \u25a0•* - — — «
The FlliDlno told of other visits, and
of- drinking bouts In which cocktails,
whisky, wine and beer figured.
SAYS TAGGART WAS SOBER.
The dei>osition of Captain WilJlara B.
Folwell of the Eighteenth Infantry was
taken up this morning- He testified:
"On the evening of June 20. 1903, I was
with Captain Taggart and he was per
fectly sober. I asked him to have a
drink with me before we parted that
night and he declined. Captain Wickham
of the Twelfth Infantry asked me next
day to write a statement of Captain
Taggart's condition as to sobriety on
the preceding evening.
"This was the time at which Taggart
was arrested for alleged intoxication."
Thomas Moraldo then took the stand.
He was with Captain Taggart at Fort
Leavenworth. He. testified that General
Miner called on Mrs. Taggart twice while
the captain was confined in -the hospital.
On one of these visits the general came
alone. Moraldo continued:
"One night about 1 o'clock, while the
captain was in Kansas City. Lieutenant
Fortescue called on Mrs. Taggart. and
Mrs. Taggart came out to the kitchen
and told me I could go to bed. The next
morning Lieutenant Fortescue called on
Mrs. Taggart again, and she received
him in her night dress. The next day he
called again and I let him in. He asked
where Mrs. Taggart was, and I told him
she was upstairs in her room. He went
right upstairs to her room and remained
about an hour with Mrs. Taggart. and
then came downstairs without her and
left the house.
"I frequently saw Mrs. Taggart smoke
cigarettes. One evening Mrs. Taggart en
tertained Mrs. Vose, Mrs. Breese and
three officers at dinner, and they all
drank champagne, whisky and beer."
EXOXEUATES GENERAL MIXER.
On cross-examination the witness said
he presided over the punch bowl at a
cotillon given at Fort Leavenworth In
April, 1903. After the- cotillon broke up
a Jsarty of guests went to the Taggart
home.
"I never saw anything improper take
place between General Miner and Mra.
Taggart," he testified.
Attorney Smlzer attempted time after
time in a rapid fire of questions in his
cross-examination to break down Moral
do's story of how Lieutenant Fortescue
visited Mrs. Taggartgin her bedroom on
a Sunday afternoon while Captain Tag
gart was away on duty at Kansas City.
Moraldo finally remembered that this en
tertainment took place in Captain Tag
gart's "den."
Howard Taggart was then recalled to
the stand for cross-examination by At
torney Smlzer as to his (Howard's) ef
forts to effect a reconciliation between
the captain and his wife.
"You always kissed and embraced your
sister-in-law (Mrs. Taggart) when you
visited her, did you not?" asked Smizer.
The witness admitted that he generally
did.
"After the Rither incident?"
"Yes."
• Mrs. Taggart for the first time durlnj?
the trial broke into tears. At this point
Judge Easton adjourned coort until to
morrow morning.
CHICAGO, Aug. .9. — Is woman respon
sible for what barbarity there is in the
world?
Professor Frederick Starr of the Uni
versity of Chicago says she Is.
In a lecture before Ills class In anthro
pology Professor Starr put himself on
record as believing that in those races in
which children are brought up wholly un
der the direction of the mother there is
more barbarity than in those races where
the young are reared under the guiding
influence of the father.
".A stir was caused in the classroom
when the educator put himself up as a
living example of the truth of what he
said. The students regarded their instruc
tor rather fixedly when he concluded his
remarks by saying:
"I was brought up by my mother, but
if I had been brought up by my father,
instead, I would not have been so bar
barous."
This statement was regarded by some
of the seniors as a sort of apology for the
professor's own eccentricities.
„ .professor Starr ,1s known as a rather
peculiar character. He lives entirely
alone, except for the company of a Mexi
can boy, and whenever the vacation pe
riod arrives he hastens away to the
study of some uncivilized race.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., Aug. 9.— With
the probability that Baron Komura will
to-morrow reveal to the Russian plenipo
tentiaries the terms upon which Japan is
willing to conclude peace, opinion as to
the outcome, among those who are con
gregated hero to watch the proceedings,
has become decidedly pessimistic. This
is due to the growing conviction that
Japan's conditions will not prove as mod
erate as were at one time expected, and,
especially in the matter of Indemnity,
may preclude the possibility of their ac
ceptance by the Russian envoys as a basis
for negotiation.
The firm attitude of Mr. de Witte, in
private conversation, against the payment
of indemnity and the insistent report
emanating from Japanese quarters that a
stiff war contribution, approximating the
cost of the war, variously stated at from
six hundred to eight hundred million dol
lars, constitutes one of Japan's demands,
indicate a wide, if not an irreconcilable
difference , between Japan's irreducible
minimuri^ and what Russia is prepared" to
accept. • .
Upon the , Question of the payment of
a large_'4ndemnity, tner instructions of the
Russian' plenipotentiaries are oeli^ved to
admit of no, concessions, although it is
possible a certain . compensation in kind
might be arranged. For Instance, it is
suggested that, for the relinquishment of
the island of' Saghalien, now potentially
in Japanese hands, the possession of
which by Japan would give her command
of the whole Siberian littoral, 'Russia
could with propriety pay a large sum. •'
KOMURA CAUSES A DELAY.
Gloomy forebodings, however, may be
premature at this juncture, as every
thing indicates that the plenipotentiaries
upon both sides are sincerely desirous of
concluding a treaty of peace.
The first meeting of the plenipotentiaries
to-day was of an entirely informal char
acter—so informal, In fact, that Baron
Komura did not bring his letter of cre
dence to the Portsmouth Navy Yard,
whereas Mr. de Witte was armed with
the original document, in Russian, set
ting forth the powers conferred upon him,
and also with a translation of the docu
ment. The latter he read. Baron Komu
ra .was embarrassed and offered to send
back to the hotel" for his communication,
but Mr. de Witte expressed his faith that
the credentials were full and ample, and
It was arranged that the official exchange
of credentials should be made to-morrow.
Later in the afternoon, however, copies
of the credentials were informally ex
changed, in order that they might be
examined before the meeting to-morrow.
It is known that the credentials differ
slightly. In' exactly what respect could
not be ascertained to-night, but the press
Is assured by *both the Japanese and
Russian emissaries that the difference is
not essential and constitutes no obstacle
to the official opening of the negotia
tions. Indeed, the President was officially
informed to-night that the credentiols
were fully ample and satisfactory to
both sides. '.<
PROGRAMME MAPPED OUT.
It was decided to-day to hold two dally
sesions — one in the morning beginning at
9:30 o'clock, and one in the afternoon, be
ginning at 2 o'clock. To avoid delay and
give the plenipotentiaries * and delegates
time for consultations between sessions,
it has been arranged that luncheon shall
be served at the navy yard, and the en
voys upon leaving their quarters In the
morning will not return until the after
noon session ; adjourns. Three secreta
ries for each side will be in attendance
to draw up the protocols of the meetings,
which will be written in both English
and French. The French text,
in cases of j dispute will be accepted in
evidence. - •
The official versions of to-day's meeting
given out by each side describe it as "sat
isfactory." Other accounts i indicate that
while. everything passed off amicably con
siderable reserve was displayed upon both
sides. ,;
-Baron Komura, whom Mr. de Witte
had met in St. Petersburg during the
former's service ;.'\u25a0 as Japanese Minister
there, I was pleasantly greeted by .the
chief Russian \u25a0 envoy; in French, but the
Baron was obliged to shake his head and
turn to his secretary, Mr. - Honda, who
explained ; that Baron Komura had for
gotten the- little French he knew while
in St. Petersburg.
While the Russian plenipotentiaries ex
pect the Japanese to present the Japa
nese terms Immediately: upon the official
exchange of . credentials to-morrow, they
admit they ! are in the dark. Baron Ko
mura' and his ; colleagues decline .to give
any intimation of c. their course of pro
cedure. Pursuing the tactics which they
have constantly I followed in* all their dip
lomatic; and military; operations, they are
carefully guarding all their plans regard
ing: the present meeting.
RUSSIAN'S NOT DISTRUSTFUL.
There was some' disposition to-day ,jto
attribute .: Baron Komura's forgetfulness
In "not; bringing?; his j credentials to 'tho
meeting: to a desire to spar for time, and
for that reason some doubt was .ex
pressed whether the Japanese would
Filipino Lad Gives Damaging
Testimony Against Ac
cused Woman.
Private Interviews Give In
timation of De Witte's
Probable Action.
Cites Himself as an Awful
Example of the Truth
of His Assertion.
Belief That Japanese
Demands Will Be
: Rejected.
Says Fathers Should
Attend to Bearing
'of Children.
Frequent Caller at the
Absent Captain's
Dwelling.
Chicago Educator
Astonishes His
Class.
Doubt Raised by
Envoys First
Meeting.
PESSIMISM
OVER PEACE
SITUATION
BARBARITY
CHARGED TO
THE MOTHER
Lieutenant Drawn
Into Divorce .
Scandal.
FORTESCUE
WITH WIFE
OF TAGGART
the: weather.
Forecast r-.ade at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight. August
10, 1905:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Thursday; fresh southwest winds.
A. G. M2ADIE,
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY., AUGUST 10, 1905.
The San Francisco CallSAN JOSE, , Aug. B.^-Abput 600 acres of
land near Mountain -View, ' belonging to
A. B. Blanco of San : Francisco, 'was at
tached .this morning, by G. P. : Nelson, ; a
•well borer. Nelson claims there Is. more '
than 5800 due him. Blanco | recently; pur
chased the : property, < and* as - there were .
good indications ot oil/ he began \u25a0- boring i
for it. But little oil . has been" found. .A !
well was \ sunk \ 1000 feet / and a dispute \u25a0'
has arisen over . the payment \u25a0 of the j
bill. • .;\u25a0 •-' -: \u25a0'-. -: ."•::... \u25a0'> \
Leaven Estate to Reputed -.Wife.
VENTURA,: Aug. 9.— The; will of the
late John Kelly was found to-day, in
possession of Father . Pujol of Oxnard.
It was drawn by the priest in I S 9 I . " In
it Kelly ; leaves an «state of $3000 .to
"my wlfe,:Ellen Moran," and tohis son
Philip. •; Kelly : " died a fow days ago of
a brbken'-'heart-* because the woman
known fa's his wife had deserted him for
another. ;...>;%: v ;....;> ; ' .-..;
Bicycle ' R.ld*r*; Are.'.F.lned.
SAN .JOSE, Aug. v9:ilThirty-'eight J bl
-riders were'^before City'; Justice
Da v i son this ; mo r n in g , f or ridln g . on the
sidewalk. J/Amons ; them .was :a woman
«nd three •girls.— Most- of the- offenders
paidVa"..s&.fiite v i i^»viiis*,vi:.'4^i?.ci"> < .-.'
IJod? «jf .Ilurdered Man I* Found.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 9.-Th«
body of Gus Olsen. a ranch man of Lad
ner., was found in a slough with some of
tbe^ clothing cut off and -with marks in
dicating; foul play. An investigation is
being made. ,'
Special ' Dispatch . to \u25a0 The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— The .British- Par
liament will wind up its business this
tfttmoon and will be prorosru^d at 10
a. m. to-morrow after a session chiefly
marked by the uncertainty of tne Gov
ernment's position. * , . ,
PariLaiurnt to' He Prorosrued.
\u25a0.'•, Says He .'Acted -in Self-Defeane.
" yGILROY, " AugiVftl-^-Jo^^Brobhloll, v an
Italian,' who stabed a -fellow,-country
man, near WatsonvJlle <; yesterday, was
'captured "to-day \ iriv Gilroy. .- Brochioli
claims he was attacked. by. the wounded
man and In the scuffle his assailant was
accdidentally 'stabbed;^ : ' - s •
AIRSHIP RACE IS ARRAXGBD
. TO 'TAKE PI-ACE AT THE FAIR
SEATTLE, Wash.,l Aug.' 9.-Tfre hot, .dry
weather of u.e last week has caused a
great deal of fruit io shrivel -bn' the trete
and drop off. ' It is reported thai the loss
in this way will be serious. ~ This informa
tion is published by. theclimate'ahd.c*'6p
service of the weather bureau.* The"we"ek"
ly statement further "says that late po
tatoes and oats, are suUcnng from the
drought. Pastures and meadows are. also
-drying .lift and unlessrain falls soon 4 the
loss will be' slfcuificant. The week has
been Ideal j for harvesting and threshing.
Late potatoes and tomatoes, are reported
from some localities as ( showing* evidence
of blight. Hops are doingr-well, but aphis
«xc .-. numerous, and ths : appearance . of
mold has. heen. noted...; ..;.;{\u25a0 i._. ; ; z.'^*
i .. ." \u25a0 : : .-\u25a0 |- ..} AY. :.;' ': .-
Sp*cial l l)i»patci) to The Call.
Dispute Over Payment of a
Bill Is Followed by
y Litigation.^
SAN ." JOSE," , Aug. 9.— At the meet
ing of ; the trustees of Jhe Hospital, for
the Insane at Agnevf to-day- th<.» ques
tion: of installing an electric plant was
discussed,! .but no,, definite action , was
taken;*' The.'medical superintendent wap
authorized to install a heating plant.
The | superinteadent , ; .reports • receipts
from paid patients for July of $2122 50
and 'from' products o{ the- hospital
farm!of_ BBBs. -There :are 625 men and
1436 women in the [institution.* - .
TrusteeM 'ol Agioew Asj litm Meet.
LAND IS ATTACHED :;
J BY A WELLJSORER
31 any Growers in Washing.
. ton Are LikelKiO Suffer
, _.;. \ J^ay3;;Lpss^:;v -. .
HOT/ BUY' WEATHER ;•..-••; •..-••
. DAMAGES THE FRUIT
SAN JOSE. Aug. 9.— Eighty canary birds
were stolen from an . aviary 'at the resi
dence of former State Senator Louis Oneal
at -Tenth and San Antonio streets last
night. Oneal, is a great student of bird^
lifer.nd had. one of the finest collections
of canaries in the State. This morning
when he went out to feed the birds, as
is his custom before going: to his law
office, less than twenty birds were' in
the case. The door of the aviary' Tiad
been left unlocked. In the number we're
some excellent singers. The police have
been notified and an effort will be made
to find the birds. It Is believed- that
the ' thief will take ' the birds to some
nearby city and dispose of them.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. ».— The Centen
nial Mill Company of Seattle, the largest
concern of its kind in th<- Northwest, to
dtiy pu:cba?c.d a thje-e-rifths interest in
the'-JTacoma Grain Company, which owns
tottp elevators on tht line of the North
ern t Pacific between Tatoma and Spo
kane and the second largest flour mill in
the,NortUv.vtl, located at Tacfjma.
The price la -said to have .been {300,030.
The; stock bought was owned by Frank
CardLn nnd John T. Bibb. Cardin retires
atiA liiivi) becomes manager of the con
cernl Moriiz Thomson, president of the
Centennial Company, to-night confirms
the purchase, and says the Taconia Com
pacy will be run as an independent coc
poratJon but, on a friendly basis to -the
Centennial. At the rime the Northerp
I'acittc was in the hands of a. receiver the
Tacyma Grain Company purchased its
twenty-four elevators and since then has
been »n important factor in the Washing
ton txpuit grain trade.' \u0084 .'.,
Senator Oneal of San Jose
Loses Choice Collection
of Canaries. ; ;
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 9.— At a ban
quet given byE. H. Harrlman in this
city to-night, jtt there wpre pres
ent 250 prominent men-of Portland and
the Pacific- Northwest, Harriman made
the statement that 'he Intended to con
struct the Columbia Southern Railroad
into Central Oregon, and that tha dis
tance it was. extended depended upon
the support given the road by tho peo
ple of Oreffon". T- B. Wilcox, president
of the Traiis-MlssissipprCongress. dur
ing his speech said he expected within
the near future there would 'be a road
other than Harriman's built down the
Columbia River as a' feeder to this
city. " " . \u25a0 ' ' * \u25a0"\u25a0
EIGHTY SONG BIRDS
STOLEN FROM AVLVRY
Management of the T^icoma
(Train Company Passes
Into New Hands.
Special Dispatcfa to The Call.
AnuQUiices That He) Will
Run the Columbia South
ern Into Central Oregon.
VICTORIA. B. C, Au&. ; a.^.One ot -the
; most extraordinary dilemmas which has
(Bye/ 'confronted the GovetfiTttent, !s;nuw
facing. Prerfiler, Mcßridci.cif'^British Co
lumbia. Property worth-millions; of -dol-' 1
Jars is. involved. The Bitualion la an out
comp'. of thQ decision of. Justice .Dun:».de
claring. that the provinoq rhail'.noiauthur
.ity, to grant title to land ieidw.Jow. water
mark. An ofncial of the -Attdrneyl Gen.-;
eral's department said ta?Gai'. i.j . •' t-;
'•Thf question, raised in tho 'decision, ol
Justice Duff •is one, of. : the -most iim.-
porta.nt pussible ,to, imaginej in . connection
i with the rights of the province:;;. We. are
face to . face with t]ie_> problem -,: -of/ the
rights we haye under th<3 r iandact^ .Th^ :
opinion was expreissea tbfttTtlie land, act:
gav.e .the . province v authpfky,': over realty,
.whether under the* sea or. on., land.;; Here
trie whole situation lie*s. v -.Tho; rights.,' Dt|j
•the Dominion Governmentrin!re.speqt.to|
harbors- obtrude thpmsejves,; as. -well as j
tho -peculiar conditions -created., by > the i
sea. Assuming that the .-;crow.n> o.r. v .tbe I
has the right to . administer i the
land under the sea, doea.:tho laud: act. ap.-;
ply,? .(tan .ihp prpyince , grant.:;, eacclusive
-ri^htß>.to holdem_.<rf trap: leases?:,. There
are. mo decisiqns.,t<3 guide" the.: Attorney
General in -the pre.mis.es,;!., and,*. it aeemp:
inevitable-thaf-tHev case; will: t carried!
to toeiPrlvy Council int.tlae/end.J,: A great!
deal. «f important- " law .hinses on, the .re->
gult.'V? ,-. 1 ~-Ci^,K.: ;> 'i^>. -.' : : ';'.-. -:.':; \u25a0': \ :
NORTHWEST MILLEKS
. CO3IPLETE BIG DEAL
HARRDIAN INTENDS
i TO EUILD -EXTENSION
The lineup of the , .San Francisco
Knights of»Columbus will be: Catcher,
W. Scott; pitcher, John Flynn; . prst
base, W. J. Sullivan; second base, Frank
Tracy;, shortstop,, Frank Dphcfty; third
"bast', Al Collins; left fifcid, JV/-O. Paten;
center field, Charles Beardslee; right
field, John R. Bride, and extraman, Km.-'
met Ga^iii! Da.vid Supple is manager
of the team. The receipts will be given
to a destitute family in Valk»jo. -The
team will leave Sunday morning on the
steamer Frisb!«? at »:45 o'clock.-
The Knights of Columbus of this city
and Vallejo will meet on the baseball
diamond on Sunday. Great interest is
shown i:i the game and it is expected
several hundred Knights and their
'rientls will go to Vallejo to witness it.
It will be a big day in the navy'ynrd
town, as, besides the same, the cele
bration of the victory of Manila Bay
will be held.
Kni^litN to l»lay Ba*ehnll.
Special Dispatch tQ Th^tCttlK
Iniportjint, Land Questioii Is
liaised by the "iJiiliii^^of
a British Columbia Justicfe
VENTURA. Aug. W. G«r
berding. for the past nineteen years a
resident of this county and prominent in
public office, is dead at his home In Hue
neme. Deceased was a son of CO. Ger
berding. one of the founders of the Bul
letin, and was a brother-in-law- "of
Senator Thomas R. Bard. ' /." J
Death of Frederick IV. fterberdlnx*
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9. — General
Chaffee has directed that the Tenth
Band of the Artillery Corps shall be
stationed at Fort Constitution and give
local concerts while the peace plenipo
tentiaries .are at the Hotel Wcntworth.
Mnftic for the PiealpotentinrleK.
The Russinn ciuisers Variag and
Koreitz were sunk by the Japanese in
tlic- harbor of Chemulpo on February 9,
COURT DECISION
MAKES TROUBLE
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 9.— There was an im
mense crowd at Coronado Tent City this
afternoon at the annual baby show. The
Coronado Beach .Company had offered
seven handsome silver cups. There were
115 babies on the list. and. with their
mothers, they ocrupted all of 'the avail
able room on thiee raised platforms be
neath the pavilion canopy. There were
three classes, those between six months
and a year, . between, one and 'two years;
and between three, and four years. The
prizes were awarded as follows: <FJrst in
first class: Charles Deler> Stafford; second.
Arthur George Holmes. First -in second
class: Donald Oliver Be.a!ee; second. Erae
line May Bauer, First in third class: John
Best-natured baby on the ground's regord-
Kusa Hardy; \u25a0 second. Jack Mclntosh.
Bestnaturtu baby on the grounds regardr
leas, of class, Ethelyn Felder, of the first
class. . - ..'.,: \u25a0. . . .;: . iVvfrfS;
Special Dispatch to The Call
TOKIO, Aug. 9. — The Imperial Navy
Department }ia? announced the success
ful floating of the cruiser Variag yes
terday afternoon. In view of the dif
ficulty cuccuntcrcd there is a strong
fe«-llng of general satisfaction over the
raising of the vessel.
Another RuKKtan Vestnel Added to the
. Miksdo's Navy.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. !>.— Ernest Etter.
a former police officer, whu played snch
a prominent part in the ilcKinney battla
hi 19C3, was attacked eariy this mornina:
by two men in- the Del Monte Cafe, ana
before bystanders could interfere he had
received very serious bruises. It appears
that the men were employes of the Santa.
Fe Company, and believed Etter to be a
"spotter" working for the company. An
officer was sent for and the men wer»
placed in jail.
Former Polieenuin . Badly Beaten.
Seven Fine Gifts Are Dis
tributed to Lucky
Infants. . . ;
PKIZF SILVER CUPS
•FOR -PRETTY BABES
The couple were traced to San Fran
cisco and then to this city. Chief of Po-
Jice.Carroll located the woman in a North
Market street lodging-house ' this morn
ing, arid she was taken to the police sta
tion, where her husband met her. She
broke down and asked to be forgiven.
Smith agreed to take her back, and she
was only too' glad to -accompany him;
The /couple left the police station to
gether and will at once return to Oregon.
A«hton was arrested later and is being
held ona charge of vagrancy. Smith<mar
ried his wife in Los Angeles two years
ag6. ' - - * \u0084'"\u25a0\u25a0
i SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— After following his
runaway wife, Mrs. Emma Smith, from
Beaver HSU, Or., Charles Smith, a rail
road contractor, located her In this city
{ this morning. A- short time ago she
1 eloped with James Ashton. who wasem
] ployed by her husband. Ashton's home Is
•at Comanche, Cal. He wrote' to .Smith.
• who has 'some railroad contracts, and
j asked for work. Smith knew Ashtou.and
i made a place for him, sending him the
4 money, to go to Oregon. While her hus
; band was away Ashton, it is said, made
j love to Mrs. Smith and induced 'her to
leave with him.
PORTSMOUTH, England, Aug." 9.— King
Edward celebrated the anniversary of his
coronation to-day by reviewing the com
bined Frefich and British fleets, aggre
gating some seventy, ships. As a specta
cle the .event was somewhat marred by
gloomy and showery weather, but the
enthusiasm of the crowds was undimin
ished. Masses of people thronged both
snores and the Meet of excursion-boats
was filled to capacity.
The royal yacht Victoria and Albert
weighed anchor .at W:3O o'clock this
morning, and followed by a few privi
leged yachts slowly passed down th« lines
of the fleets. As King Edward approached
the French and British flagships the liring
of a royal salute commenced, and the en
tire combined fleets joined in a salute of
101 guns. His Majesty, wearing the uniform
of an admiral, stood alone on the bridge
of the royal yacht at salute. All the
ships were drr-ssed and' manned and their
bands played "God Save the King.".
The review lasted an hour, .and then
the Victoria and Albert returned to her
moorings. Later the King proceeded to
the battleship Massena, the French flag
ship, where he was the guest of Vice
Admiral Galllard at luncheon.- The Prince
of Wales, and the Duke of Connaught ac
companied his Majesty. . .
The French fleet then weighed anchor
and entered Portsmouth" harbor. As the
Frenchmen passed, in Nelson'.s flagship,
the Victory, from the ptak of which the
tricolor was Hying, saluted them, "in
turn, while bands" massed on her deck
played "The MaraeHlalse." The French
men replied to the salutes of -the Victory.
As soon .ac the . ships were docked the
civir and military ..officials paid- formal
calls, which were "later returned by the
French officers* . .
. Portsmouth is brilliantly decorated and
cheering crowds . greet the visitors on
every, hand.. **" ... v '*•
presence of a torpedo-bqat destroy
er flying the German* flag between th©
columns of ships at the conclusion of the
King's review caused comment. It .was
learned, however, that she had come
from Kiel to tow back „ Emperor Wil
liam's yacht Meteor, which ! had been un
dergoing reyairs at Portsmouth.
The French officers .wera banqueted at
the naval barracks. Speeches were made
by the Prince of Wales, Admiral Caillard
and Admiral Sir John Flshe'r. /Toast? to
President Loubct and ' the " Prince of
Wales were enthusiastically honored. .
Only six teams entered the competi
tion iind as two of these defaulted
there was little interest shown in the
event. The final match was the best of
the three played, though it was won in
straight sets by Miss Weed and" Miss
Vodilt n. This team was opposed to
Miss Wegener and .Miss M. Unger and.
although Miss Wegt-ner played . good
tennis, the result -was never in doubt
after the lirst few games. Miss Weed
and Miss Voddcn took the first set, 6-4,
and the second. 6-3. The matches re
sulted as follows:
Miss Et-stfie Oulicy and Miss Vera Crocker
beat Miss Ida Mearns and Mlsb D. Untft?r, «-».
1-2; Hum A. Ycxiden and Mlks Jl>. Weed b^at
Mlsi A, Sc-a and Miss G. Mycr by default; Mia3
Uulu Wegenor an.l Miss 11. t'nger beat Miss
E. NoW<- and Miss ,-V- .<ircf;nbi'.rg by default;
Miss A. Vodden and. Mis-M i>. Weed beat Mlse
Ccsstie Cullfy piid MUs V. <>ocker. 0-4; 0-0;
Miss? D. Weed «na Mis* A. Vodden b>at Mi^s
Lulu Wcgenor an<l Ulas L>. Vngtr. «-4. 6-a
Miss Dorothy Weed and Miss Anna
bel Vodden^ won the second scratch
draw-doubles £<?rinis tournament- of the
Ladies' Annex Tennis Cluo yesterday on
the pubLjc courts in Golden' Gate
Golden Gate Pitrk. i
Capture the Doublet* 'l'<Mini:iiii<-n< Clcv-
rrly on the Public Courts iii
>|I*i.»!ES WEED AND VODDE-V
VICTORIOUS AT TENNIS
Special Dis-patefr to The Call.
Husband Traces Her to San
Jose and After Causing
Her Arrest Forgives Her
Passes iir Yiiclit Down Line \
Formed by GpnibmedMeets
of Englund and France;
Tti*: Russ:?ins \u25a0 Sii'the Hailuugcheng
dfetrtct, th>- general says, occupied the
village of Yulangtse, after v. skirmish.
9 ;
CRUISER VARIAG FLOATED.
Th** Ja;rj!icse "followed in pursuit,
and. agairr encountering part of the
Kuspian fore*, was baited in the" Nfi
doulhi gorge, and after a hot fusillade
returned to the southward.
ST. PETERSBURG^ Aug. 9.— General
Liii^vitcli. in v telogra.ni ' to the Em
p^rer. dated August 8, reports that the
Russian forces operating to ilie east
v.ard of the Mandarin road advanced
on August 5 toward a 'dt-Sle near the
viilnge of Ch.igon. twenty-four miles
south of Tatilu. The Japanese as
surrfd USe offensive and turned botU
flunks, conipfeHtng the Russians to re
tr*-at to th<; northward. .
I.iufvltrh'* Attempt to Advance Hl*
• : ;. \u25a0 I. in*** II • -pit l *.(\u25a0<! by Japanese.
" VENTURA. Aug. 9. — The walnut crop
this . year will be short about 50 per
cent. Last year 150 carloads were
gathered. The association made the
price 11 cents per pound and in many
instances even better figures were ob
tained. This year the growers are
making efforts with the association to
have the selling price fixed at 1"» cents,
with every hope of securing it because
of the scarcity and probable superiority
of the nuts. Apricots will "also fall
short of last year, when there were
1500 tons. The crop this year is esti
mated at a little- more than 1000 tons^
Fruit growers suffered in some sections
from lack of help.
Kstlniate Thnt the VtclA* Thl» Year
;. \VIII Fall Off Fully 50
P*r Cent. . - • - :
RUNAWAY WIFE
RETURNS HOME
WaCxijt report
.! ; a shortage ix the crop
KING REVIEWS
TWO SQUADRONS
CALIKORNIAN WHO HAS TOLD. IN LONDON OK THE.'EFFORJ...OP' RUSSIA TO
SECURE A SECRET TRADE -THKA TV WITH AMERICA ANP OF THE RE
JECTION OF THE PROPOSALS BY THIS COUNTRY.: . ," • . - : .\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 x
National Champion H. C. Egan" ' arid
W. C. Kownes Jr., of the Oak" Mount
Club, Pittsburg," were tied at- 1»J2." Only
one stroke separated" the young expert of
the Wh'tatpn GolfyClub, D. E. Sawyer,
and Hugh \u25a0 Camtibell; who- made respec
tively 163 and 161. Fred Herreshoff Si
Ekwanek, runr.er-up in .tut national, tour^
nament of last year, had 163. Walter X
Travis.. of Garden City was IC6, .. fayX.
strokes : b«tter tfrah his- old •' rival,' "^vß^
Travers of« Nassau". .-.. '. '\u0084...•.. • ; -;-'-.^r :. -fTT
Considerable surprise ' wasS \u25a0expressed
ovtr-pomevof the humei? that- wer» shown
in the- list' of'" those who failed to yuaiify".
Walter E." Egan ; former; runner-up 'In
the national— -totirnamen-t-'wnd- »»esterrt
champion, falßd to get in with a'total of
176. Former National Champion L. N.
James of xJaKe: View was forctd out with
a total oJlTo".'" . ' .-
CHICAGO. Aug. 9.— Dr. D. P. Fred
tricks of Oil City, FJa;, won the gold
medal score in the' thirty-six-hole quali
fying round of the eleventh national golf
championship at the Chicago Golf "Club
links to-day wi?h a total of 135. which is
the competitive record of the course. He
had a clear margin of _ five strokes' over
Champion George S. Lyon' of Canada! '. :
Gold 31ed.nl.
EstnbliHhea n IV^tv Record for the
Course In Winning the
I previous to the evening reception the
establishmen.t of the largest, richest
and oldest Spanish-Filipino commercial
firm on the islands was inspected.
MANILA, Aug. 9.— Thousands of peo
ple attended the reception to Secretary
Taft, Miss Alice Roosevelt and the
other members of their party by th©
Army, and Navy- Club to-night. \u25a0 Rear
Admiral Enquist of the Russian army
and his staff were present. The recep
tion was the most brilliant in the his
tory of Manila.
During the morning the party, in
automobiles, . inspected new Fort Me-
Kinley.and reviewed the troops. In
the afternoon tlie tobacco planters were
given a hearing, Senator Scott of. West
Virginia acting as chairman of - the
meeting.
DR. FREDERICKS PLAYS
GOOD GOLF AT CHICAGO
i, : -. ..- ......
3liss Alice Eoosevelt Among
the Guests at Reception
. in Manila.
AEMY AXI) NAVY-CLUB
. EECEIVESTAFTPAETY
RKI»ORTS SHARP FIGHTING.
"The great bulk of the Russian peo
rl^."' Commander Roussine -remarked.
'"tire law-abiding, c-onttnted and happy.
They are likewise loyal to the ..Emperor:
It is the ont disorderly person' that is
heard of while the peaceful thouitands
represent the country's true condition."
< mandrr Rounftlne Deplores the
Work <>t Agitators «t Home.
BOSTON*. Aug. 9. — Commander A.
Roussint-, former naval attache of the
Russian legation at Tokio and more re
< ently chief ravnl adviser of General
Linevitch, passed through Boston to
day on his way to Portsmouth, X. H.
He will serve as a special adviser to
the Russian plenipotentiaries on naval
questions. Commander Roussine was '
accompanied by Alexandre Boutakoff
of the Ruesian Embassy at Washington^
who bears dispatches for the Russian
plenipotentiaries.
When Commander Roussine was ask
ed if Russia was really desirous for
peace ho answered that all nations de
sired poace, and that Russia whs not
unlike the others. Referring to condi
tions in Russia the officer said that al
though the industrial disturbances may
have looked serious from a distance
only a comparatively few of the people i
were involved.
Before I left Rome, the King told- me that
he would s?t aside the total .income derived
from two estates belonging to 'him personally
to help d-fray Uitf • expense of •- the \u25a0Intcrna
tlcncl Chamber. The minimum ..income .from
these two properties Is $(iO,COO annually. Thl§
clearly indicates the strong interest the Kliik
is taking In the matter. Now that ! represen
tatives of over forty nations have conferred
upon '.h"? matter, and have unanimously agreed
to urg<i their respective governments : to sup
port the scheme, it only rtrnains for" each
country concerned to take the necessary U-srlsv
Jativ? steps to make the Chamber effective;
This. <-f course, will take «gme tkne-r-po«
slbly two or three years, but, there . is' Httl-j
jioubt that our plans nvill succeed- \u25a0\u25a0•'
In Kngland the Earls of 'Mintp and \u25a0 Jersey
and Sir Thomas Elliot are taking ,an , active
interest In th? matter. I am shortly to meet
the Premier. .Mr. Eilfour. f^r theipurpose of.
explaining the details of the seheme>tohltn.' : >
SCHEME'S SUCCESS ASSUKED.
I had be : n commanded to appear before
the King to talk over the question of making
Rome the headquarters of th* projected In
ternational Chamber of Agriculture. Upon
entering the King's private audUnce cham
ber, he noticed my evident nervousness. In
'excellent English! singularly free from Italian
accent he bade me make niynelf perfectly at
'ease, and tell my story in my own way.
Although the King is a young man, he has
a so«l head for business and It is evident
tb -m* <hat he Intends doing .all -he can to
make lUily a greater producing and comm:-r
cjal nation. During our numerous conversa
tions, ouch of at -least an- hour,, the King
expressed .the opinion that .Rome would best
servo" as the headquarters 'of th; Internationa t
Ghnmber of AgrUiUUu«ir.l>e<:aiis«:.' Italy , 13
nVilher a heavy seller nor buyer of agrlcul
ttiFal-' "pVodtitfe".""-' 'lie* ptAaXSdr \u25a0l>ut.-.th«: fore- of
the neutrality idea by calling attention to the
.fact that England is a heavy buyer.<*f,agrlcul
•rMuiW4'.£ommodUlfc« 'while .. Bwstjra •.-\u25a0and the
V*> I ted '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 States^ control SO.rfWwsceniw^fri-fhe
.Vorld*;a,i>rodu<ptt-«' -flower. ';>..\u25a0 •-.' \u25a0 -:. \u25a0\u25a0'-:' v v; 1 fr-.
•'He.is much- Jmprt«rse«l-.'-py the ' buslness.-Hk»
way. "- in '.which * Ui& : United \u25a0: j^taje* QoyernmenV.
ccmpilps statistics for Its people; upon nearly'
f& .commercial topics . and - imendiv. to 'lntrti ;
duce a similar system tn Italy. -He -expressca
the- opJajcn tliat etatistics: of. the- wndltlon; of
trade in pne- country should lje , given, without
cJvunre to the 'people . of every otherf country,
thereby .contributing to the pv«c« ot the .-world
thn-ugh a better knowledge of each i-otherf «
busings. •\u25a0' . - ..' i ;',; ', ,'* \u25a0';..' \u25a0'.:.':.•: ':..<
While in Russia, seeking support fcr the
lu-oject, I learned that th? Husslan Govern
ment had. iirivaieiy m»<2e .advances to Wash
ington proposing that the tw.j countries shoul.i .
join fir a secret treaty whereby they agrevtl
to -•£ confidential txehAngf .of statistics con-
C:rninji ;heir productions of grain and . petrol
eum. It wan hUEfiested thai by. this mtans
a moit stable mv.Eticn could be produced
from which 1-oth nations would reap advant
age* in the sale of the commodities. As. things
are at present, there is no <|ouhi that th-« two
countries could largely control th« pilots by
vrorklns it' harmony on certain essential
points.; But. jo'l was informed, the united
States Government -declined io become a party
to any such secret treaty on the srounJ that
it would be a violation of the constitution.
The Cz.ir 5s fully alive U. the necessity <•'
international co-operation ia trade and, through
the Secretary of State sent me a message to
the effect that he warmly approved of the
plan for an International Chnnibtr of Asri
cultureand that the project would ' receive his
hearty support. . ,
It. was Victor Emmanuel, King of
Italy, who showed the liveliest interest
in Lubln's scheme and displayed great
eagerness to forward it by all possible
means. During one of. the several con
versations which took place between
them the Kinjf freely acknowledged his
great, admiration for the progressive
spirit and enterprise shown by Ameri
cans in developing. the resources of the
country, and extending its trade, and
expressed himself extremely anxious
to introduce American business meth
ods into Italian commercial life wher-,
ever practicable. In describing thoir
first meeting Lubin said:
INTEttVXEW WITH THE KING.
LONDON. Aug. 9. — David Lubin of
Sacramento, Cal., whose scheme "for the
establishment of an -International
Chamber of Agriculture has .been so
favorably received, has just given out
some interesting! information. He
said: -
Special Dispatch, to. The Call.
SAYS RUSSIANS ARE CONTEXT.
- In the. opinion of th<? Russians the Em
pcroi'6 manifesto promulgating the Na
tional Assembly project will materially
strengthen the position of the Russian
envoys by relieving the internal situation.
As the Russians like to smoke while
at the table the whole Russian mission
to-night dined in their apartments, a
practice which they have decided to con
tinue hereafter.
j The Japanese and Ru?sian newspaper
correspondents have broken the ice and
begun to fraternize. It is. perhaps, sig
nificant that the corrcsiKMidents on both
sides are sending to thoir respective
homes dispatches of anything but an op
timlttic character.
show their hand to-morrow, hut the Rus
sian envoys do not question Baron Ko
raura's good faith and frankly say it was
<lue to a misu:idfcrs?;anding.
This evening the amenities were ob
served by a general exchange of cards.
Mr. tie Witt*, Baron Roecn and his suite
sending theirs through the hotel office,
while the- cards of the J<i^an?se mission
were left at the doors of the members
of the Russian mission by a little Japa
nese messenger boy.
Conraisndcrs WlnSlow and Gibbcns alto
made their official calls upon the two
missions late this evening.
California?! Talks to
Correspondent hi
\u0084...,".' London.
Private advices . received to-night
says that one person was killed and
several wounded in a conflict between
the strikers and Cossacks . to-day.
Shipping agents here say the commerce
of the port of Riga is completely par
alysed. The residents there afeorgan
izihff a volunteer vigilance committee
for self-protection.
ODESSA. »-ug. 9.— M. Yaroschenko, the
newly elected Mayor of Odessa, who is a
professor, in tne university'- and a leader
of the Liberal party, has been exiled by
Governor General Karako?on* to the Gov
ernment of Olonetz. The reason for this
action has not been explained.
Two million- dollars* worth of. per
ishable merchandise is .awaiting: load
ing: -or unloading. . and the merchants
have applied for soldiers to act :as
stevedores in order to save this prop
erty. , , , \u25a0\u25a0. - \u25a0
The rumors of serious trouble at Riga
were to-day officially confirmed. Twentp
thousand ra<n are on strike there.
Many of the strikers are desirous of
working;, but the socialists deter them
with threats of murder.
it is declared that there is a. suffi
cient number of Soldiers at Riga to.
handle any disturbance arising from
the strike. A regiment of cavalry is
patrolling- the streets and keeping or
der more or less successfully.
Last night .numbers of shopkeepers
had to stop work . under compulsion
The agitators sacked. a. .wheat market
because the owner refused to join the
strikers. .. • . • . ..- \u25a0• . .•;.-\u25a0•
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 9.— A collision
between the troops and a body of well
armed Jews is reported to have taken
place to-day at Zhitomir. It Is rumored
that a number of persons were killed or
wounded, but details are not obtainable.
Tlwre Js n« official confirmation of the re
i>ort. . . s
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Frequent out
breaks of rioting, calling for drastic
action by the police-, marked the course
of the strike of the Hebrew bakers'on
the East Side to-day. In an attack on
a bakery in Allen street. -. fifty rioters
broke into the place, completely wreck
ing it, and upset the barrels of flour
and dough in the street. The police
reserves had to be called out before
the rioters could be dispersed.
A committee of 100. sent from strike
headquarters to-night went to a bak
ery in Orchard street io induce non
union workmen to quit, and attacked
the shop. Hearing of the trouble, hun
dreds of strikers rushed rom the meet
ing to the scene of the conflict. One
policeman, who attempted to defend
the non-union men. was severely beat
en, but held his ground until rescued.
The patrol wagon, bringing a squad of
reserves, was furiously assailed by the
mob, who stopped the horses and even
dragged • some of the men from their
seats. The rest quickly charged the
mob through a rain of bottles and
brinks that poured from roofs and win
dows. After ten minutes of hard fight
ing- the mob was dispersed.
. At many points on the East Side
wagons carrying bread were attacked,
the drivers beaten and the contents
thrown into the street. Many women
participated in these attacks. Accord
ing to the strikers, the loaves thus d«r
stroyed were supplied from shops in
Philadelphia and other nearby towns. .
Throughout the whole lower .East
Side a bread famine was general among
the Hebrews, for the people not only
refused to eat any but Kosher bread,
but appeared to be bent on destroying 1
all the bread of that character which
they could Jay their hands on.
Governor Johnston was prompted to j
take this action by numerous letters he
received from commerciav organisations
and citi«ens ; of the State urging him to
take "some measures to end the struggle.
The Governor' stated that some of the let
ters he had received declared that busi
ness In sections of the State was almost
paralyzed "by the conditions- which now
prevail. •-• '..'-'
UutTn President Hill and President El
liott are now in the East, although . the
former is expected to reach- St. Paul some
time this week.' President Ptrham of the
telegraphers has stated on several occa
sions that he is willing to submit his case
to any fair-minded tribunal.
•there were -no further developments
in the situation to-day. Both sides are
still claiming that conditions are improv
ing from their standpoint with each pass
ing day. General Superintendent Slade.
in a statement issued to-day, said that a.s
far as the Great Northern was concerned,
the strike is a closed incident. The North
ern Pacific officials did not give ou,t any
official statement to-day, saving that con
ditions had so improved that there was
no longer a necessity for a dally bulletin.
On the other hand, officials at strike
headquarters say that, with very few ex
ceptions, their, men are standing loyally
by their officers. .
NEW YORK. Aug. 9. — James J. Hill
sets at rest to-day the reports said to
have been spread among- the striking
telegraphers .of. the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific roads "that, he' would
intervene in.' their .behalf in'the con
tention with" tlie derating officers of
the road. Hill said/ Jn regard to to*
case of the strikers that the men had
been dismissed because they would not
obey orders.
"Men." continued HiR. "who will plot
to embroil a railroad an,d its employes
just at the beginning of a r season when
they know a heavy movement of traf
fic is expected/ as at present with the
approach of crop movements, do not
deserve to be on the payrolls of any
road. They are positions of trust and
-thef plotters are not fit to hold them.
I will see to it. that any of those who
have been active in bringing about this
strike will never again enter the em
ploy of the road." .--J ..
ST. PAUL, iilnn., Aug. 9.— The first .def
inite step looking toward the arbitratfcm
of -the -struggle which has been in prog
ress for over a week between the Great
\u25a0Northern and. Northern Pacific railways
and the / Order of Railway Telegraphers
.was taken Jo-day when Governor John A.
Johnston addressed letters ti^Presi dent J.
;J.; J. Hill and Howard Elliott of the rail
ways( and. President H. B. Perham of. the
; tdiegrapher3; settlement of the
; trouble iiricT o!i cr ing' hrs- services as medi
jator. •/ ': ' ', .-,, • •' V.
S -T'iefex'ajptr terms of the\letter» written
| by Go veraor, Johnston are 'voi known, as
\u25a0the Gyvsrjfor preferred that they should
\u25a0 be- given out by the"ree:p'lents if^theysaw
fit.' In a- general way, however, the ' Go
vernor outlined to the press what was- con
! tamed, in' the letters. He called the.
cials' attention to the fact that the pres
ent- strii;e-was : >wrl;inff.4*iaVdship fn va
tioUH corrimiijiitiei thrudghout the State,
aiid 'to them \u25a0 It* take 'speedy
stepi .to 'secura an -aiJjustmeAt. of the ex
isting troubles. Td.'this'enklhe tendered
thevcood' offices 'of the\cHief executive,
s'aylng that he stqod^r'ea'dy^o appoint a
commission to consider th* differences be
tween the : contending parties.' or .in any
other way to aasist.them to come to some
agreement- that would, permit the roads
to move their traffic "without the delays
and inconveniences that are now said to
exist. . \u25a0\ . . \u25a0 . , .- \u25a0'
Twenty Thousand Idle Men
Ca use Complete y Paralysis
of the Port's Commerce
Sends Letters to* ' Leaders
on- Both Sides of Contro
versy in the Northwest
Bread Famine Among He
brews, Who Destroy All
Loaves They Can. Pteach
David Lubin Re
veals the Facts of
the Case.
Japanese Terms
Believed to Be
Harsh.
Continued From Paere 1. Column 5.
STRIKE RIOTS IX RIGA
3lany Persons Reported to
Have Been Killed or In
jured in a Russian City
MOB ATTACKS OFFICERS
Bioting on the East Side in
New York Keeps the Police
Busy Both Day and Night
His Proposed Trade
Alliance Not
Favored.
UtitfES , A SETTLEMENT
Governor Johnston of Minne
sota Offers *to Act as
Mediator for Telegraphers
DE WITTE
MAY SPURN
PROPOSALS
JEWS BATTLE
WITH TROOPS
VIOLENCE MARKS
BAKERS' STRIKE
SECRET PACT WITH AMERICA
DESIRED BY THE CZAR.
MAY ARBITRATE
STRIKE ISSUE
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST I0 r 1905.
2
Captnio Baldwin ot Snn Frandaco Will
Pit Hi* Flying Mnrhiue. Against
thf Austlus. .
PORTLAND.' Ore.. 'August 9.-— An air
ship race has been arranged to take
place at the Lewis, and Clark Exposi
tion'next Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock. Caotain T. K. Baldwin of San
Francisco ~ and Ge6rge "Tomltnson of
Syracuse,* N3 V.. will pit thejr airships,
the Angelus and Getallne, against each
Other. Baldwin has the larger * craft,
but Tomlinson claims that the Getaline
is much faster^ in the air. Lincoln
lieechey of San Francisco will 'navi
gate the'Angelns and .Tomllnson will
manipulate' his own craftl " » •=*
YEAR AFTER YEAS
Extending -over a period of halt v een-
tnry Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has,
been demonstrating its wonderful cura-
tive powers in cases of Stomach. Liver
and Bowel disorders.. The thousands 'of
voluntary testimonials received provo
its value. '"•£"\u25a0££
IHI- Hoststter's
wk ' stoni3G 5 |
.^J^^V**^^. cure you.
Jb£& : %&&Z?TI;??§. too. Don't eoti-
/fTIISS ri^'J?''"""-^ \ tinue to suffer
gIP STQ3IACH fr »™ distress
p&irai after each mt*;i»
Pjj^ \JO->- A \u25a0*•£s&& .- or from inability
tisMM§^L§!^ Y° v r "druggist
T*^™>7KliiiiMri'»rii>^£S will supply you
," ''">..' * -ir- -z* with the genuine
\u25a0 Ho»tettcr'».
PILES! PILES!
MACS INFALLIBLE PILE CCRJE £
CURES ALL 'CASES OF BLJND.
BLEEDING. ITCHING AND PROTRUD-
ING PILES: cases of many year 3* stand-
ing cured. by a single box; price. Id -
cents. A. McBOTLE & CO.. DRUGGIST*
504 Washington St., San Franciac*SAGINAW. Mich.; Aug. .' 9.— The street \u25a0: car
strike on e'nee .- June i 4 , was i - declared " off to
day. The railway will take .the employes back :
on individual auDllcation.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. o.— George Davis, who
pleaded guilty to a charge or grand. larceny for
stealing a bicycle, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Stalelds to five years' Imprisonment lat
Folsom Penitentiary."
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug.! 9.— A big
cut . in lumber prices f or . the . Northwest
trade is "announced , by the -,_ coast V mills,
with the alleged object' of .disrupting the
selling . pool organized .- at « Calgary two
months ago by .*, the"; mountain ;>, lumber.'
mills. ; Shiplap and other \u25a0 rough.. dlmen-'
sion- lumber is now . being; delivered by
the Vancouver mills to points: In ; ; the
Canadian Northwfe§t ; at $17. per thousand
feet, a cut of $3 per thousand.
'. ' v , : : ' \u25a0 / ; . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ;
IMk Cut . In Price, of Lumber.
REDDING, Aug. 9.-Eight jurors in the
Jorrell murder trial voted last night to
hang the murderer. The first ballot was
taken to determine how many favored
hanging, and the vote 'stood eight for,
four 1 against. Four hours afterward they
brought in a' compromise. verdict of mur
der in the first degree, fixing the penalty
at imprisonment for life. . " C.*/?'^ \u25a0•
Jury Returns Compromise Verdict.
A well dresstd young man was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital yes
terday afternoon from a room in- a
lodging-house at 451 Sixth street
suffering from the* f umes •of gas.
He had evidently made up his mind that
his efforts to end his .existence would
not, be thwarted, as. the surgeons at the
hospital believe that he also swal
lowed poison. He left a note " and
signed his name as E. Southerland,'' but
this is not believed to be his name. * -"••"
The stranger came to- the? room several
days ago. The landlady while passing »ns
apartment detected ;• the . \u25a0.; odor of gas.
though ' he ' had ~- stopped \u25a0 the cracks : and
keyhole to . prevent its escape. The am
bulance was sent I for and he . was - taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital. He"
will probably dte.4 - :* . , : ;
He left v a note,' ln* which"' he said . that
It was his i third attempt at, self-destruc
tion. - The :note made r a plea" to: those
who "might find l ;,his remains not' to make
any '.inquiry ; as" to who '.he v was, but to
simply bury him. •
land Found Unconscious ' In a
Sixth-Street Room. -
Man Who Sinn* HlnTself a* E. Souther-
CHESTER. Pa., Aug. 9.— Thirteen
Scottish sailors taken from the fever
stricken British steamship Barnton and
now in the Chester Hospital tell an un
usual tale of suffering. They say that
"stores could" not be procured in the for
eign ports and when they were at sea
all the meat became unfit to eat, but
they either had to accept It or starve.
After the men entered the Chester
Hospital they began to rave for food
and insisted on being given a full meal.
The doctors found that the worst of
their sufferings consisted in being near
ly-starved to death.
Rave for Food When Taken From
Their Vessel nnd Installed In
,"t*S a. Hospital. *
INHALES MONOXIDE- . ; "'-
AND TAKES POISON»
NELSON, B. C. Aug. 9.— One man lost
his life, another was seriously injured
and two more were badly burned In a fire
which destroyed the Grand -View Hotel,
this morning. The'flamea broke out in a
kitchen in the rear of the, building and
when the blaze. was discovered the whole
house was practically on fire, y Four men
were caught in an upper : story -unable
to get" oui. as the staircase was a mass
of flames, and two of them jumped. , Peter
Bertiam was badly burned before making
the leap and John S. Mordorsky wasse
rlousiy cut and bruised. Fireman Sharpe
held a ladder in place against the waver
ing wall of the building while Mario.
Chiparro lowered himself , with a rope
made of a blanket down to the , top of
the ladder which Sharpe was holding^ in'
place, but In passing a Slower window
the flames burst out, causing Chiparro to
lose his hold and fall to the ground. . He
was seriously burned, and the fall ; frac
tured his thigh. » The fourth occupant of
the room was not. known to the other,
three men. < : .:„'\u25a0: : ;.';
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Flames Spread Rapidly and
Cut Off All Avenues
of Escape.
HOTEL GUEST LOSES
HIS LIFE IX A FIRE
It was announced at Dr. Warner's to
day that "action would be taken against
property-holders and tenants who are On
willing to acquiesce In the sanitary and
other precautions recommended by ttie
health authorities. House to house inspec
tions are to be fnstituted and affidavits
are to be prepared against those who are
tLown to have been derelict."
Actual control of the sanitary work
parsed to-day to the Marine Hospital ser
vice. Dr. Gessner being placed In imme
diate charge. Advices from Mississippi
indicate that the people of the rural dis
irretsf cts are growing restless under the
seventy of the qua/antlnes. which have
proved of great Inconvenience to them in
cutting off their supplies. This Is re
parlcd as encouraging In view of the
modified * views of Secretary Hunter of
Mississippi with regard to quarantines. .
Among the cases In the last official rer
pert is one within half a spuare of News
paper Bow.' It Is located in a lodging
Surgeon White returned to-day from his
visit to Slidell and after taking up the
threads cf his work went down into the
originally infected district to survey the
conditions there. He also visited the
Emergency Hospital, which was taken
<3\-cT to-day by the Marine Hospital forces.
Dr. White has practically completed his
plan of action. |.
Sevfrn Death* Added to the Record of
the Sconrse.
, NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 9.— The report
of the Board of Health up to 6 oclock
to-night on the yellow fever situation is
es follows: New cases, 63; total to date,
€7S; deathsf 7; total to date, 119: new
Fub-foci. 12; total to date, 130. Cases un
der treatment, 265.
Public interest In the general yellow
fevtr situation suffered a temporary
eclipse to-day in the unexpected death of
Archbishop Chapelle. The Archbishop
was taken ill with the fever on Friday.
To-day's record of cases was again
large and there was an Increase In the
r.jmber of deaths. The new cases are
Fwelling largely as a result of the vim
and energy which Federal control of the
situation has Inspired and from a gradual
overcoming cf the disinclination of some
of the doctors to mak€ known their cases.
The overwhelming preponderence of cases
continued below".. Canal street and the
disease has nowhere got a firm hold
a hove. • - i
SIXTY-THREE NEW CASES.
SAILORS FROM FEVER SHIP
FOU.VD TO BE STARVING
AUSTIN, Texas, Aug. 9. — State Health
Officer Tabor to-day submitted a report
to Governor Lanham concerning the
yellow fever situation in the South, in
which he says:
"Yellow fever exists now in Louisi
ana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida and
the republic of Mexico. Texas Is sand
wiched between the infected districts
with very little hope of escaping: in
vasion by the scourge with the long
summer before us. I would most cer
tainly insist that there be no mobiliza
tion of citizens or soldiers at this time,
as any excitement might cause a gen
eral stampede and a general quaran
tine that would tie up the entire rail
road ser\-ice of the State."
The State health officer has also
called upon the Governor to hold the
entire State ranger force in reserve,
subject to his orders, as he may need it
at any time to control the quarantine
situation.
the Disease.
Texas Preparing; to I'.eslst Invasion of
FOUR STATES AFFLICTED.
SEATTLE, Aug. 9. — Dr. W*. P. Martin,
who gave the Chinese their first books
on chemistry and international law
and who for about* forty years has been
preaching and teaching in China, is in
this city en roifte to New York City
and Washington. In the latter city he
will call upon President Roosevelt and
Secretary Root relative to the Chinese
exclusion laws. He will do so at the
request of Chang Chili Tung, viceroy
of two central provinces near Hankow.
Before leaving* China the Viceroy asked
Dr. Martin to intercede* with President
Roosevelt relative to v' modification of
the exclusion law». This he refused
to do, but said he would personally lay
before the President and Secretary
Root the ' advisability of removing all
cause for friction now Invited "by sus
picion cast by American ' officials' upon
Chinese subjects not included in the
treaty and the harsh treatment of those
persons at landing.' Dr. Martin does
not oppose the landing of reputable of
ficials, travelers, students and mer
chants. . . .
Exclusion Laws Are too Sweeping.
Physician Residing: in China Believes
FAVORS A MODIFICATION.
COLOX, Aug. 9^— Before sailing for
the United States on the steamship
Mexico last evening, Theodore P.
Shonts, chairman of the, Panama Canal
Commission, gave a hearing to the
steamship agents, who urged him to
use his best efforts to secure better
docking facilities here. Superintend
ent H. G. Prescott. representing the
Panama Railroad, and Mr. Garland of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
also were present at the conference.
After listening to the statement of
the agents relative to the detention of
steamships, Mr. Shonts expressed his
regret at the present inadequate dock
accommodations, which he confessed
was primarily due to the. rilling of
large orders for canal purposes. He
said that an adequate number of docks
would be built and the proper housing
of the canal employes, together with
modern sanitary, arrangements, would
all be attended to. He promised that
within the next thirty days he would
have the pier at' Cristobal, on which
work was already begun, sufficiently
enlarged to dock four steamships. He
could see no reason why steamships the
size of the Mexico, which was recently
detained for several days in the stream,
should not then be able to dock at this
place and. enter the mouth of the canal.
In conclusion he suggested that the
agents have another meeting anjj dis
cuss the matter more fully with Chief
Engineer Stevens, who, he had no
doubt, would do his utmost to relieve
the congested condition of affairs.
Commissioner O. If. Ernest also was
a passenger on the steamship Mexico.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9. — In a manner
intended not to arouse the combative
ness of inhabitants of cities in the yel
low fever districts where local quaran
tines have been raised the Postofflce
Department is instructing railroads
having mall carrying contracts that it
expects the Government pouches to be
moved with as much dispatch as pos
sible. In some portions of Louisiana,
Mississippi and Texas passenger trains
are not permitted to stop, and in some
few instances the service has been dis
continued by the railroads.
Officials of the Postofflce Department
do not consider the interference with
this service a sufficient excuse by the
railroads for the failure to carry the
mails. The railroads have been given
to understand that the department ex
pects the mails to be moved in some
manner — if not on passenger trains,
then on freight, or if not on freights,
on hand cars or by any other means
that can be adopted. The Instructions
sent out are not meant to encourage
the railroads to enter into conflict with
authorities of towns that have raised
quarantine. \u25a0
Government Calls Upon the Railroads
to Take Action.
MAILS MUST BE MOVED.
Chairman Slionts Promises
to Provide Adequate Facil
ities for All Steamships
MORE WHARVES
FOR THE CANAL
house in Commercial alley. This is the
second case that has been reported from
the same quarter.
A great street cleaning campaign was
inaugurated here to-day and continued
until nightfall. Besides the paid laborers
of the city andi the prisoners from the
Jails and houses of detention, thousands
of volunteers took off their coats, rolled
up their sleeves and went to wark to give
New Orleans a thorough scrubbing. Hun
dreds of carts and wagons were employed
in carrying off the refuse. ;
DISTINGUISHED PRELATE WHO SUCCUMBED TO YELLOW FEVER IN NEW
ORLEANS YESTERDAY AFTER AN ILLNESS OF LESS THAN A WEEK.
HE HAD PLANNED TO ASSIST IN STAMPING OUT THE DISEASE.
During his stay in New Orleans he has
resided with his niece. Miss Soulignac,
and they have been Inseparable com
panions. The Archbishop was a man of
high ability and exceptional intellectual
attainments. He was fond of social life
end was a constant entertainer, drawing
to h!s home here the most representa
tive people in the social and intellectual
U£* in the city.
During his stay in Manila he was
thrown constantly into contact with Sec
retary Taft. then the Governor of the
ir-lands. and they became warm personal
friends.* When Secretary. Taft came
through New Orleans early in the year
m his way to Panama the Archbishop
attended the banquet given to him and
subsequently entertained the Secretary
et a formal function in the archepiscopal
chalice. Three years ago Archbishop
Chapelle was relieved of the responsibil
ity of his mission to the Philippines, but
continued his jurisdiction over Cuba and
Porto Rico. He made frequent visits to
both islands and was constantly in touch
with all the work of his vast diocese.
in 1S?1 Archbishop Chapelle was made
Bishop Coadjutor of Santa Fe, and be
came Bishop of that diocese in 1834. Three
years later, on the death of Archbishop
Jar.ssens, he was named as Archbishop
of New Orleans. The year following,
after the Spanish-American war, he was
appointed by the Pope as apostolic dele
pate to Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philip
pines. He went to the Philippines and
spent much time there* in connection with
the conditions growing out of the change
of sovereignty in the islands. He took
tip the cause of the friars, and though
his work was most difficult the results
achieved resulted in the approval of the
Vatican.
Although the venerable prelate was a
subject of scientific treatment and had
the most assiduous attention, his phy
sique counted heavily against him in the
opinion of both the laity and the physi
cians, while his fatigued condition on his
return from a particularly Irksome trip
throug-h the country also was against
him. His death, therefore, while gener-
E-Jly deplored. Is not considered to nega
tive the opinion of the medical fraternity
that with good care and proper treat
ment the mortality is unlikely to be
heavy during the present visitation.
What has been considered remarkable is
that the Archbishop should have con
tracted the disease here so quickly after
h!s arrival, though he had spent many
Of the latter years of his life in Cuba
and Porto Rico, in both of which coun
tri?s the d:sease has been epidemic
Among the scientific men there is little
doubt that the Archbishop eltheV fell a
victim to a mosquito during a brief visit
he paid to the old archbishopric on Char
trcs street or that an insect found Its
way into his residence, which is not far
from the territory uithin which there
has been Infection.
HISJ ACTIVE CAREER.
PHYSIQUE AGAIXST HIM.
Archbishop Cha^elle was very stout of
build, full-blooded and past sixty years
of ago, and the fever is always alarm-
Ing in a patient under those conditions.
The disease made steady inroads upon
the venerable patient and early to-day
he showed signs of increasing weakness.
Before noon there was an alarming
change for the worse. Eminent phy
eicians were Immediately summoned for
consultation, but the Archbishop was be
yond succor.
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. S.-A sudden
c.ar-ge In his condition to-day speedily
culminated in the death of Archbishop P.
L- Chajelle of the Diocese of Louisiana.
The end came at 12:50 p. m. The news
of the Archbishop's death created a pro
found shock. Monsignor Chapelle was
taken 111 with yellow fever on Friday.
He had returned to the city three days
before, having just completed a tour of
Louisiana and had announced his * in
tention of helping to stamp out the fever.
T..e Archbishop, however, left his house
only upon one occasion before he was
taken sick. On Friday he complained of
the symptoms which are the forerunner
of yellow fever. Dr. Larue. the Arch
bisnop's physician, on Friday diagnosed
the case as one of genuine yellow fever.
From the first he was apprehensive as
to results.
NOBLE CAREER AT END
He could only conjecture the results if
the boycott were disregarded by the
Americans, but considered the movement
most serious. He trusted that it would
soon be rendered superfluous by a sat
isfactory settlement of the complaint. He
said he had been credited with direct
ing the movement, but indignantly repudi
ated the suggestion. He suggested that
an educational test was the most effect
ive means to prevent the ingress' of
coolies.
Regarding th» desirablliy of^ Chinese, la -
bcr in the Far East, "\Vu Ting-Fang in
stanced the prosperity of Singapore. He
greatly, regretted' the boycott- against
American goods as. it may possibly
estrange the igood will of the Ameri
cans, which is highly prized. Apparently,
however, the Chinese classes most con
cerned, considering the prospects remote'
for a solution of ..the. difficulty, have de
cided that a boycott is the only means
of ventilating- the question. Wu Ting-
Fang pointed out that the boycott, though
thoroughly organized .by the best and
most representative Chinese, was thor
oughly pacific and was not directed
against persons and property. He ex
pressed surprise, at the depth of feeling
manifested not only by the mercantile
classes, but by students and even wo
men. This expression of public senti
ment indicates extraordinary progress in
the direction of growth of real national
ity.
Wu Ting-Fang admitted that European
immigrants were not allowed representa
tion or appeal during their examination,
but rejected the argument because the
Chinese art treated in an entirely dif
ferent manner' He said that China agreed
to the exclusion of coolies, but urged as
the main pointa of her contention that
the better class of Chinese be treated on
an equal footing with other aliens; be
given the right to retain- counsel, the
right to appeal if necessary: and that
coolies be admitted to Hawaii. This last
he regarded as the most important. Ha
waii, he saiil. requires laborers -badly
and since the Chinese have been excluded
the industries of the islands have suf
fered. The Chinese, he said, do not com
pete with American labor. The Philip
pines have long been the natural field for
Chinese industry, said Wu. The applica
tion of the exclusion act to the Philippines
by General Otis was without America's
prior approval- and jt is generally admit
ted he believes it. was uncalled for. (
SENTIMENT DEEP ROOTED. -
Moreover, ahe Chinese is not allowed to
retain the* services of any one to protect
his interests, and if the immigration au
thorities decide,, adversely in his case
there is no appeal. That these grievances
are' well tounded, said Wu, is demon
strated by President Roosevelt's stringent
order that courtesy be -shown the Chi
nese by the authorities under pain of dis
missal. The President's action in the case
of the King family practically admits
the existence of real grievances, it was
argued.
Hawaii the real issue.
The Chinese Government, he said,
agreed to the exclusion of coolies I from
the United States and this point presented
I no difficulty, but the existing regulations
I pressed hard on other classes. For in
j stance, merchants and travelers, while
nominally free to enter the United States,
are forced to undergo an examination
I which. pcssibly is necessary, 'but which is
generally rendered very objectionable on
account of the manner of its enforce
ment. For example, a Chinese of the
superior class arriving at San Francisco
was detained by the authorities while
his credentials were being examined.
This detention frequently involves his
consorting with low class coolies in a
common shed. He is thus unable to com
municate with his friends and is sub
jected to inconvenience and indignities to
which the mealiest Aineiicjyi would re
fuse to submit.
PEICIN, Aug. 9.-Wu Ting-Fang, former
Chinese Minister at Washington, and now
vice president of the Chinese' Board' of
Foreign Affairs, was interviewed this
afternoon in regard to the proposed new
treaty with the United States. He said
that the expiring convention* was unsatis
factory from the Chinese standpoint and
hence they jdesired its revision.
His Condition Takes a
Sudden Turn for
the Worse.
Former Minister j Declares
vThat He Is Not -the Author
of the Recent Agitation
ILL LESS THAN A WEEK
WILL PRESS THE ISSUE
Distinguished Prelate
Passes Away in
New Orleans.
China Desires; Better Treat
: nient for Upper Classes
and Open Door in Hawaii
WU DISCUSSES
THE BOYCOTT
ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE DIES
FROM YELLOW FEVER.
BRIGANDS AFTER
GOVERNOR'S SON
RUINS YIELD
MORE BODIES
UNCOVER WORK
OF SMUGGLERS
Victoria Merchants Complain
That American Dealers
Are Not Paying Any Duty
Thirteen Dead Removed
From Wreckage of the Big
A Ibany Department * Store
Third Attempt Boldly Made
Without Success to Kidnap
Young Otero of New Mexico
OUTLAWS SEEK RANSOM
RUN OVER THE BOEDER
OTHEBS- IX THE DEBRIS
Ride to Home Where the Boy
Ts Visiting, but Owing to
His Absence Fail in Effort
Wagonloads of Provisions
Are Being Secretly Hauled
Into British Columbia
Army of Men Toils Through
the Night; but the Work
t Is Far From Completion
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SANTA FE,- N. M.. Aug. 9.-The third
attempt in recent months to kidnap
Miguel A. Otero. the son of Governor
Otero of New Mexico, has been defeat
ed by the temporary absence of the boy
from the summer home of Mrs." W. B.
Chllders, where he had been a guest. Six
heavily armed men rode up to the
Childers cottage on the -Upper Pecos
River yesterday and demanded the boy.
Mrs. Chllders, who was alone with the
servants, informed the men that young
Otero was not on the premises, but they
searched the buildings and then rode
away. The boy was with his uncle on
a fishing trip at the time.
Deputy Sheriff Charles Closson and a
posse were immediately sent to the camp
in the mountains where the young man
was staying and returned here with him,
closely guarding against a surprise by
the would-be kidnapers while en route.
While at the camp they learned that
members of the band had been to the
camp, but young Otero was away fishing
and- thereby escaped them.
It is believed the leader of the band
is an ex-convict lately pardoned by Gov
ernor Otero. He was recently seen talk
ing to other ex-convlcts and was heard
to remark: "If we can only get the boy
into the mountains the eld man will pay
a princely ransom for his recovery."
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 9.— The sensa
tional discovery was made to-day that
the smuggling of general goods from
United States points to British Columbia
is going on- In wholesale fashion along
the border line of the State of Washing
ton. Several of the leading wholesale
houses in this city have aent a petition
to the Board of Trade, asftlng that the
matter be considered and some action
suggested.
In the early days of the district, when
transporation facilities were not as con
venient as at present, the practice ot buy-
Ing in the towns just to tae south of the
boundary line was begun, but with th»
development of traffic the trade has not
been discontinued.
There is a large population between the
line of the Canadian Pacific Railway, ex
tending from Mission Junction to Sumaa
and the Chllllwack Valley, and the com
munication to the Board of Trade states
that hardly an order for goods is re
ceived here. The smuggling Is particu
larly prevalent in the Abt>ottsford sec
tion, where the distance to the border is
short. The roads are good, and whole
wagonload3 of groceries, provisions, etc.,
are brought in.
The complaint is made at a convenient
time, as at present the head officials of
the Customs Department of Canada are
in the city. These are John McDougal.
Commissioner, and S. W. McMlchael.
Chief Inspector. It is likely that prompt
action will be taken by the officers of the
Board of Trade.
SWALLOWS MOBPHIXE, \u25a0
AM) ENDS HIS LIFE
Matt Lynch. Formerly of San
Francisco, Kills Him
self at Eeno.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Major Rolfe to Go to Xajrasak.:.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 9.— Major R. H.
Rolfe. constructing quartermaster at
Fort Rosecrans, to-day received a tele
gram from the War Department or
dering him to proceed to the station at
Nagasaki. Japan. Major Rolfe will be
relieved by Lieutenant Tobln of the
One Hundred and Fifteenth Company
of Coast Artillery. Mrs. Rolfe will
probably accompany her husband to
his new station.
HOUSTON. Tex., Au& 9.— The ttrs to th»
Humble oil fl>ld burned Itself out during th«
night. The losa Is $130,000.
NAPA. Aug. 9.— Alexander Muir, the
oldest resident of Napa County, passed
away to-day at his home here. He was 102
years of age and was a native of Scot
land. Muir came to California In ISSO and
moved to Napa Valley soon after. He
worked on the farms of the early settlers
on the big ranch road near Napa for
twenty-five years, and was well known
throughout this county.
Death Calls a Centenarian
.. WASHINGTON. Aug. • 9. — Captain
Horace M. Reeva, who was a member
of the general staff of the army, died
last night of typhoid fever at the home
of his father-in: this_city. r ., ;'., .„:...,
Death of Captain Reeva.
ALBANY, N. V., Aug. 9.— This morning
found two hundred men still toiling over
the wreck of the John G. Meyers Com
pany department store, where twenty
four hours before occurred ' the saddest
catastrophe in the history of old Albany.
Twelve dead bodies, many of them man
gled beyond recognition, have been taken
from the ruins thus far and one woman
died after being carried to the hospital.
The list of known dead, which last night
numbered only five, has been more than
doubled by the addition of the following,
all employes: Mary McAver, died at hos
pital; Anna Cashman. Theresa Spannbau
er, Etta Sprinks, Grace Berner. Helen
Malone, John E. Powers, cash boy.
In addition to these it is almost certain
that fifteen or twenty bodies still re
main in the twisted mass of beams, wires^
plaster, brick and lath, which was once'
the \u25a0 main portion of one of the city's
largest, stores. . -
A day's work by skilled hands from the
wrecking crew of the New York Central
and Deleware.. and Hudson railroads has
resulted in raising barely half the debris.
! Shortly after daybreak , the searchers
found the body of Miss Helen Malone, a
young girl who shared trie cashier's gal
lery on the main floor with Anna Whit
btck, Minnie Bullman and Alice. Sharp,
and was crushed beneath the same gird
ers that killed her three companions.
Shortly after 10 o'clock' the thirteenth
body was found and identified as that
of Miss ' Winifred Kelly, by her father,
who . had watched by the wreckage - all
night:
The injured in the hospital are doing
well with two exceptions. . Miss Ella
Donohue, one of the first survivors to be
taken out of the wreck, has her spine
fractured and cannot live. Mrs. Borst
of Windom. Minn., who was one of the
few shoppers injured, is also reported to
be in a critical condition. She has been
visiting Mrs. Richard W. Brass, wife of
a weli known attorney. The two women
were out on an early shopping tour.
An investigation will be begun as soon
as the work of rescue' is over. The work
under way when the building collapsed
was in charge of Contractor John Byer
Jr. . Of the thirty-one men employed by
him on the*. building; every one escaped.
In view of the fact that nearly all of
them rrere in or under the basement in
the very center of the- structure, their
escape Is almost miraculous.
RENO, Aug. 9.— Matt Lynch, who had
been In this city for several weeks, com
mitted suicide in his room in the Tre
mont Hotel this morning by taking an
overdose of morphine. He was arrested
Tuesday night for being disorderly, but
•was turned loose by the Chief, after the
latter had discovered that the prisoner
was a morphine fiend and was only under
the influence of the drug.
Lynch at that time told the Chief that
he would commit suicide, as he could not
stop the use of the drug and was a dis
grace to his ramily. who reside In San
Francisco. A few hours later he was
found dead. He told the Chief of Police
before leaving the jail that his parents
and himself were well known in San
Francisco, and that for a number of
months he conducted a drus store in that
city. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO THURSDAY. AUGUST 1 10, 1905.
3
Whs,: 'i'iii Jl lii'slriM : bplendid chairs that a* «% <% Bier luxurious arm aia mm <^««a s^f If Hi
HIP l!i "i'l 1 I'fe i would grace a mansion; \'i U|i chairs, carved and pol- \I T |!J1 I^l
Mil iif iMlfiflijjififi!'' ari ? 0 chalrs to 'match. <j)£|JU ished frames with ster- OI'ZIUU «^l|™| p.|fi
Bliil Iliiiilf sho O wl f ni Or the rlC hands n o I n?e 0 1 1 Z 0 O^ S on> a # J> lvot \ * o }*™ wZIOU IJV J M
\u25a0Bllll lilt tyii 1 ipi'^'iiiVl' l $3.. r »0 LEATHER SEAT f 12.00 PARLOR' CHAIRS — [fll HfW Mm
Mil HI I "' 'lit il'l'jiij'ppl DINING CHAIRS — g\ ft ft ft, Pretty frames highly pol- AA \u25a0- _ if, i# ffl#i|-53
Si I,'ltlr Sis! li'V'll Made of Weathered oak. V 1!V 1 ! II M ished. upholstered in V C / U llWffii ffl
Hii'lilliliiiM-I^Fil'i'lilifl broad slat backs, uphols- \j£.l\J\j\ damask or Verona ye- OUll V J/I US - ; £3
BH.jjj! ji |«!l i'! iii' ililtjiiipjlrij'l And ttf>o more at 'just such reductions. In patterns -where but a few remain on vfi'-i'-'' i-ij
&\u25a0 liPii'l"' '''iferi'' Il'I 1 ' 'P'riJ 1 li'S i Iff M^rit \u25a0JLfrifc AiJLl^J^mi'tl ASL ..IM^fA Jl r> t M \u25a0jrl^ll > R Twil : '' : ''^^^''!ti} Hi '^'Si' " '%C [ fe'"!
Bjli'i 'jpl'jii'!' 'if i^ ii'iP'lii'iiiiiii'llif ! : ll'ji li »\u25a0»» \u25a0 » Bl^ JSi j^ JBm A<^»^Lb.iiT .* ** * W *^» " P*> l l Ttr* \u25a0 \u25a0 *Y\\ Wfig'ti || \u25a0«' »^ 4.;. Friend— " You /must enjoy .'. your newipo
sition. Bo \rauch honor, ; dignity, and pres-i
tlge!" University • President— ; "Yes;, but I
don't get V so ' much Ynioney i /jas ':\u25a0 the .- ; ; head
coach of; the football* team."^rSomervllle
Journal.. •\u25a0'•'. vV,\wy> ; ;V"'_ '..'>;>. •\u25a0 ; : : - :\u25a0' i '
Brains-; vs. Brawn.
"What use do the natives "of tropical
countries make of the bread fruit tree?"
asked the : teacher • x»f-: the 1 geography
ciass.'--;'^?-^!-.' :.-;:•\u25a0;.; >, A v-h> : - y<;-'' *..\u25a0:,:• : , •;.;» .;
« ; A little^Dbyts^handl'wehtiittp/^i^ V !
/ "Tommy Tucker. s may answer."
"Raise doughtnuts," Bald Tommy.—
Chicago- Tribune.'*/. : v
RnlKlns Douprlinuts.
\u25a1
\u25a1
n
The original copy of -the papers cannot
be. found in the court; file and no minutes
of the .proceedings, appear on ' the court
records. ';-;.•••. •-\u25a0 .
* Arrest '- Sani'-JFrnriclscan. '\u25a0
SEATTLE, Aug. ,. 9.-Sven '^Forgstrom
was arrested this morning on the water
front- charged with, having ; secured^
fraudulent,, naturalization in the country.'
He is from San Francisco, from which'
place a wire to Captain B. W. Bell of the
United States secret service apprised; the
local authorities of the coming of the
quickly hatched citizen. He was given a
preliminary hearing, and in default \u25a0of
$1500 bond wus placed in jali; .
.PHOENIX.. Aug.- 9.— H^arlo Raria, a
halfbreed Mexican, was arrested here to
day at the request of SheiHff Lucerd of .
Las Cruces, N. •Mex.'.VwhoMidlds a war
rant charging murder; Rand> admitted —s
identity and told his storyVfreely.V Rand
ran over and killed a ; woraan while drun^
ano riding horseback. -- He was in; custody,
at Las Cruces. but was released 'oh* bail,'
•which he forfeited. : Later he was in cus-'
tody in El Paso, but the Texas Governor'
refused to sign extradition- papers and his 1
attorneys-s ecured his ?rele'aa.e through ha
beas corpus. ,- The killing occurred jj five'
years ago. >; ' ,V- ;>>•'-\u25a0{\u25a0£'.';' " \u25a0. \u25a0 ;
Mexican Is Apprehended for a Crime
Committed Five Years !
MUST STAND TRIAL '
v FOR KILLING WOMAN
GILROY", Aug. 9.— A ratification meet-
Ing in honor of*the passage of bonds for
municipal improvements was held to
night under the auspices of theGllroy
Improvement Club and the Ladles* Aux
iliary- Mayor George T. Dunlap and
others addressed the throng . and the
greatest enthusiasm prevailed over the
dawn of a" new era of prosperity for
Gilroy. . • , "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Celebrate the Passage of
Bonds for Municipal , '
Improve] vents.
PARIS. Aug. 9.— The Ministries of Foreign
Affairs and Marine have addressed an appeal
to the governments in Washington, London,
Berlin and The Hague, requesting an agree
ment | with reference to the sea routes fol
lowed by ocean liners traversing the banks
of Newfoundland. This is intended to protect
the French fishing • vessels in that vicinity
during fogs.
Millionaire Weyerlianser Has
Agents Here Negotiating
for a Valuable Section
Frederick Weyerhauser of Minneapolis,
known throughout the • country as the
Rockef filer of the timber world, is nego
tiating for a vast tract -of valuable tim
ber situated in Northern California and
Southern Oregon. Two of the Weyer
hauser representatives, R. L. McCormick
of Tacoma, who is treasurer of the big
Minneapolis lumber company, in which
he owns a large block of stock, and
George S. Long, Pacific Coast manager of
the • concern, have been at the Palace
Hotel for several days conferring with
Hervey Lindley of Klamathon, George
Slasonof Los Angeles and- others who
are interested in varions portions of, the
timber tract that Weyerhauser is after.
In all Weyerhauser has under consider
ation between 45,000 and , 60,000 acres,
which are said to contain" one of the
most valuable tracts of white pine and
sugar pine in California or Oregon. Tim
ber cruisers have already made a thor
ough' inspection of the property wanted
by Weyerhauser and have reported in
favor of the deal. As yet. however, the
parties interested have not been able to
arrive at a^ satisfactory price for, the
land, and it is in connection with, this de
tail - of , the "negotiations that the repre
sentatives' >' of -Frederick Weyerhauser
came to this city.
Included' in the tract Js the property of
the Klariiath Lake Railroad . Company, of
which -.He'ryey. Is' president, and
which owns thirty, miles "of line extending
from Pokegama.'Or.j southward "to Laird,
where it connects wfth the Southern Pa
cific Company. It is proposed \u25a0 to * make
this railroad jj part of. the big deal j and
this- fact Is said to have .broughtLlndley
to this city. When' seen- last night, 1 How
ever, Lindley declined to discuss the nego
tlations.^a/chough he admitted that' "par :
ties" had been looking over the northern
property.
It is known.' however, that. Lindley. has
been ; at the" daily conferences \u25a0 with the
Weyerhauser representatives and "Is' an
important" factor 1n the~ deal; "which, if
consummated, will- mean an investment
of millions of 'the Weyerhauser
treasury in this State. ;
OnnbarfTßnlftlnjr Assessment.
The San Francisco Real Estate Board
will send a committee to'a hearing be
fore the State Board of -Equalization on
August 23 , t0 oppose raising the assess
ment of | the City I and County -of *- San
Francisco. The \u25a0 board ': has an ample
fund . for . the purpose of collecting data
with which to such.<a raise.
James G. Blame's portrait, painted by
Thome, is now In the committee room
of Representative McCleary, at the Capi
tol at Washington, and will be hung
among the pictures of the former Speak
ers of the House. - ' "
GILEOY RESIDENTS
IN JUBILANT MOOD
The Lawyer's Windfall.
"Oh, yes, Skinner was a beneficiary un
der old Roxley's will." "
"I didn't know he was a relative of
Roxley's." \u25a0 ' " - *
"He wasn't; but he was attorney for a
relative."— Philadelphia Press.
The Bridegroom (to himself) — What
a brute I have been, and how I must
have frightened her!
The Bride (to herself) — Well, I'm
glad he is going to be so easily man
aged. — Brooklyn Life.
Where Igrnorunce I* Blias.
"Oh, he's all broken up. He-thought
he had Ann's age figured out to a dead
certainty, when he discovered that her
birthday comes on February 29." —
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"What's the matter with the profes
sor?"
When Mathematics Failed.
AFTER A BIG
TIMBER TRACT
Senator Welch had a stenographer
with him when he challenged the votes
of the hospital' inmates and has com
plete evidence against Kenny. It was
thought that he would present this to
the Grand Jury or the District Attor
ney yesterday, but he has decided to
let the matter drop.
No one as yet has come forward with
evidence concerning alleged frAuds in
the Almhouse precinct. Neither Fore
man Andrews nor- District Attorney
Byington has received any complaints
regarding the affair. It seems that
those who were working for clean poli
tics are satisfied with their sweeping
victory and the sentiment seems to be
not to press charges against the graft
ers, as their shady work proved fruit-
As yet the 'Grand Jury has received
no Information regarding election
frauds practiced at the primary elec
tion. It was thought that Senator
Richard Welch would hand over to
Foreman Andrews evidence against
John Kenny, who- acted as Inspector in
the City and County Hospital Precinct,
where the indigent sick were voted,
contrary to the advice of the District
Attorney, but Welch announced yester
day that he had no intention of prose
cuting Kenny.
"Kenny was at one time a friend
of mine," said Welch. "What he did
yesterday was done through ignorance,
not with any criminal intent. The
only thing that Kenny could be in
dicted for is stupidity."
No Election Fraud* Drought to Notice
of Grand Jury. .. *
. ; \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . . / \u25a0.'. \u25a0 \u25a0;••\u25a0 '\u25a0 " ,;\u25a0 \ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
less. No steps fwlll .be taken -to un
earth frauds, unless specific complaints
are made to tbe Grand- Jury or the Dis
trict Attorney. . . .
No action wlll.be taken against Law
ranee Irving Scott by District Attorney
Byington. Scott attempted to vote,
though his legal residence is In Bur
lingame. As he did not succeed in
casting, his ballot and as he had no
criminal Intent., no- attempt will be
made to prosecute him.
"As yet no evidence concerning elec
tion frauds has been presented to the
Grand Jury," said Foreman. Andrews.
"There has been talk of fraud, but none
has been brought officially to our no
tice." ! , ,
PROSECUTION SEEMS UNLIKELY.
Lest this old world should become Jaded
and weary of Itself we have each year the
army of graduates, eager, hopeful, enthu
siastic and with a zest for life which
arouses even the pessimist to a fresh in
terest in humanity and things. The cock
sureness of the average graduate and hla
temerity In attacking problems so great
that the wisest have lain down under
them often provoke a smile; yet we love
him none the less. We' cannot do with
out him. We believe in him. even while
we sigh over the rude disillusionment*
that await him, and because of him we
believe more heartily In ourselves. The
race could suffer the loss of a great many
other riches- more-Tr«<adily- than it could
suffer the loss- of .the high -.ideals, the
glowing .purposes, ,the- iridescent dreams
and the knightly altruism of these boys
and girls who year after year confidently
fling themselves Into the thick of 'life's
turmoil.— Philadelphia Press. '
The Enthusiastic Graduate.
The Election Commissioners yester
day began the official count of the re
turns for the primary election. Five
districts — the Twenty-eighth, Twenty
ninth, Thirtieth. Thirty-first and Thir
ty-second — were canvassed during the
day, but no changes were noted that
would affect the result as already an
nounced on the semi-official returns.
In the Twelfth Precinct of the Thir
tieth District the Republican League
ticket lost five votes and the Regular
Democratic ticket also lost the same
number. The count will be proceeded
with to-day and will probably be com
pleted to-morrow. - '
Election Commluionrri Cnnvons the
Return* of Primary Election in
Five Districts.
The younger Kimball was one of the
fortunates who escaped Injury when
the boilers of the Bennington exploded.
Kimball served through the Civil War
and was a member of Admiral D. IX
Porter Post of Oakland.
11. A. Kim hnl l Stricken With Apoplexy
When Told of IlrnnliiKtoii Explonton.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9. — When the ter
rible news was received in Oakland
that the gunboat Bennington had; been
blown up In San Diego Bay, Heman A.
KimbaM,. the father of Heman A. # Kim
ball Jr., who was one of the seamen on
the ill-fate<L vessel, was stricken with
apoplexy, and he now lies at the point
of death at his home In this city. Dr.
F. S. Meacham says there is little
chance of recovery, as there is a large
blood clot on the brain.
MAY DIE FROM SHOCK.
Full State Ticket Is Nomi
nated by the Convention
of Virginia Eepublicans
ROANOKE, Va.. Aug. 9. — When the
Republican State Convention reassem
bled to-day the committee brought in a
platform indorsing sound currency,
protective tariff, expansion, the Panama
canal and £. larger navy. It indorses
President Roosevelt's administration
and his determination to give every one
a "square deal." . -
After the platform was adopted a
new plan of organization of 1 the party
was read and adopted. The rules were
then suspended and C. • Bascom Stemp
was elected State chairman by acclama
tion.
The following ticket was nominated
without opposition: Governor, L. L.
Lewis of Richmond; Lieutenant Gov
ernor, W. P. Kent qf Wythevllle; Attor
ney General, George A. Rivercomb of
Allegheny; Treasurer, Jphn Acker of
Rockingham; Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, J. N. Harmon of Taze
well; Commissioner of Agriculture, W.
G. Eggburn of Culpeper; Secretary of
'the C6mmortwealth,' iJ V. li: Tki: ii Sowder of
Floyd. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0" \u25a0-'\u25a0\u25a0-' -;^--r-\- ;
For'.avman who was once a "mud
clerk" on the St.^ Paul levee and stood
around ' in the ooze as he checked in
freight from the pioneer steamboats
James J. Hill has a right to be proud
of the aristocratic company he brought
together in the late Northern Securi
ties Company. The list of stockholders
filed at Trenton, in connection With the
liquidation reads like pages*, from
Burke, and even the Almanach de
Gotha has been drawn upon.
' The Duke of Connaught, brother of
King Edward and son of Queen Vic
toria, appears as the owner of 1257
shares, and his wife, the Duchess, as
the owner of 5711 shares. Reckoning
these 6998 shares at 160 the' Con
naughts had the neat sum of J1.119.650
invcßted in Northern Securities. It is
not strange that their royal highnesses
became a little anxious while the pay-
Ing of dividends was enjoined, a." state
which, we- are told, was happily re
lieved by Mr. Hill advancing the, divi
dends out of his own pocket.
Two other ducal families are stock
holders — his Grace of Argyll, with 190
shares, and her Grace of Buckingham
and Chandos, with fifty shares. The
Marquis of Lansdowne. Great Britain's
Foreign Secretary, has 8580 shares,
worth $1,372,800, in his name. \.
Other titled British stockholders
were: Lord Elphinstone, '11.150 shares;
Earl of Leven and Melville. 9641
shares; Lord Clan\villin.in, 5719; Lady
Margaret Douglas, 1461; Earl Roberts,
the conqueror of the Boers," 2340; Earl
Waldegrave, 1150; Earl and Countess of
Lichfleld. 2333; Baron. .Rothschild,
20,000; Countess of Rosslyn, 1800; Earl
of .Sandwich, 315; Lord Seymour, 648;
Lady Burghclere, 528; Marchioness of
Bath, 140;. Marchioness of Bristol, 400;
Marchioness of DufCerin and Ava, 150;
Baron Harlach. 850; Lord Hobhou'se,
260; Earl of Leitrlm, 10S; ' Sir Heiiry
Stephenson, K. C. 8., 395, and, finally,
the two following remarkably named
persons, Reginald Le Norman Braba
zon, Lord Ardee and Gates Stephen H.
Fox-Strangeways, Lord - Stavordale,
who owned 531 shares Jointly. — New
York Globe. ';
Jamei J. Hill's Northern Securities
Company Attracted British No
bility.
LEWIS NAMED
FOR GOVERNOR
According to a veteran New York de
tective who has Just gone on the retired
list after nearly for\y years of service,
the trust principle or combination of in
terests does not .prevail among criminals.
In the recital of his experiences, which
he has imparted to an interviewer, it is
set forth that "gangs" are by no means
as common to-day as they were when he
first took to sleuthing, and that "pals"
and "partners" are growing few. The
modern criminal prefers to do his work
alone. He is the independent laborer, the
individual operator, and having no asso
ciates runs less danger, for tbe saying
about honor among thieves has -little to
rest on. "Pals" are easily "pumped"
when they do not anticipate the need of
the process by "squealing." Another thing
that the. v retired detective has noted is
that criminals are better educated now
than they were in .the early '70s. , He
thinks that crimes which demand in the
perpetrator a fair education and consid
erable knowledge of the ways of finance
and the ways of the world are more com
mon than they were. — Boston Herald. .
Criminal* . Work Alone.
FOREIGN TITLED OWNERS : *
OF AMERICAN -STOCKS
BEGIV OFFICIAL COUNT.
The Call is requested to announce that
It is perfectly safe for Julius Kahn, the
genial Congressman. Fourth District, to
return to the city from his summer va
cation and extend a glad hand to his
admiring constituents. The primary
election took place last TuesJay and the
result is widely known. Charms of met
ropolitan life are alluring.
caucus will dispel the illusion of the
grafters that the league delegations are
not solid against Ruef
Men engaged In the retail liquor traffic
have recently increased their stock of
knowledge. The increase was acquired
in the hard school of experience, where
many lessons of great value in life are
taught. The dealers are a little short
on cash, owing* to exorbitant assessments
levied on the saloon business by the
grafters' alliance, but they are long on
wisdom. When the next election comes
around they will stand by their politi
cal principles and put aside the fear of
losing license to do business.
There will be a session of the execu
tive committee of the San Francisco Re
publican League to-night or to-morrow
evening. Doubtless plans for a caucus
of the majority will be discussed The
CAL'CUS OF MAJORITY.
No one is slated to head the Republi
can ticket. Many worthy citizens believe
that H. D. Lovtland ought to be nom
inated for Mayor. He is able and popu
lar. Others hold that General C. A.
Woodruff would be an ideal candidate.
He is an army officer on the retired list
and the Supreme Court has yet to de
cide whether an army officer is eligible
to the office of Mayor. General Woodruff
is known as a 'capable, energetic and
resolute man. John Lackmann is a con
servative man with a strong following in
the community. The grafters are very
bitter against him. Many leading citi
zens entertain the hope that former Su
perior Judge Charles W. Slack may be
persuaded to allow his name to be pre
sented to the Republican convention
when nominations for Mayor are con
sidered. He is regarded as an ideal citi
ren of high character and fine attain
ments.
The notion is absurd that the league
delegations will be torn asunder be
cause some particular seeker of emolu
ment wants the nomination for Sheriff
end somebody else wants indorsement
lor Supervisor. All indications point
to a remarkable cohesion of the league
delegations on the proposition to put
In th«; field a man for Mayor who Will
enlist the support and confidence of the
great body of intelligent, progressive
men comprising what is known as the
g-ood citizenship of San Francisco.
Contests for subordinate places on the
ticket can remain in abeyance until the
question of the Mayoralty nomination
is disposed of. The eager aspirant for
any office who is found in the attitude
of seeking the favor of Ruef in the Re
publican convention will get recogni
tion where the poultry gets the ax.
The battle of last Tuesday made the
simple truth clear to the dulled poli
tician that the Republicans of the city
can win without Ruef and cannot win
with him.
LEAGUE FORCES SOLID.
The Lynch-Kelly delegraton of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District is al
ready out of line with the minority and
practically in the camp of the majority.
The Ruef forces in the Forty-fourth
and in several districts south of Mar
ket street do hot enjoy the prospect of
arraying themselves with the losers.
Inclination to jump into the league
band wagon is keenly manifested by
quite a number of Ruefters. When the
convention meets to organize the
strength of the minority will hardly
exceed 100 delegates. The lesson is
plain that the grafters lost and the
league won. The subservient police
man's stock of common intelligence is
equal to the comprehension of that fact.
When the reports reached the voting
booths Tuesday night at 9 o'clock that
the league had carried the election, in-
Bolent members of the police force at
once became civil and obliging. They
declined to jpstle and bullyrag decent
citizens at the behest of Ruefs elec
tion officers. The firemen, janitors, po
licemen and the whole array of munici
pal attaches study the political skies
and many of them recognize in the ris
ing sun the likeness of some one. other
than Schmltz.
Agrents of the grafters' alliance are
circulating the report that the minority
of the Republican convention, under
the direction of Ruef, will outgeneral
the leag-ue forces and gain by political
manipulation the ground that the
grafters lost In Tuesday's battle at the
primary polls. This sort of blustering
talk by the ugly losers shows that
Ruef is not well Informed concerning
the character of the Republican League
delegations. Moreover, the facts jus
tify the assertion that the minority is
"growing smaller by degrees and beau
tifully less," while the majority column
Is receiving reinforcement.
Caucus May Be Called
to Solidly Cement
the Forces.
Since the -morning, on which the mur
der occurred the Sheriff and his deputies
have been working night and day on the
case and they now feel that their labors
have been amply rewarded. '"
On July 25 xa . detective . from San
Francisco arrived here and took up the
investigation in conjunction with the
Sheriff's office. The clews secured by the
local officers were followed by him and
sufficient .evidence was secured to war
rant the arrest of the prisoners.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 9.— A month of
unceasing work on . the part of the
Sheriff's office to find the murderers of
Mrs. .Mary' Van Drose, colored, who was
killed, ln her home at Fourteenth and. S
streets on 'July 9, resulted to : day in' the
arrest of ; three negroes, who are now
lodged in the County Jail. , The pris
oners are James . Adams, j Eliza ' Lopast
and .William Jackson, son ef Mrs. Lo-'
past..*-' • /.'. •\u25a0 .- •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-'. - '•'
LODI, Aug. . 9.— Because his wife re
fused him money; with which to purchase
liquor; William Willis, aged fifty years,
shotand wounded her, to-day and then
turned tha weapqn upon himself, firing
fcwo shots, "one of which shattered his
skull 'and caused instant death. Mrs.
Willis is seriously wounded and may not
recover." ' • ;
'* The tragedy occurred on the Smith
ranch, seven miles east of Lodi.
-Willis was a ranch hand and had been
employed on various ranches about Lodi
for the "past twenty, years. He was ad
dicted to drink and was very quarrel
some. An adopted daughter of the couple,
Jennie, aged about fifteen years, nar
rowly escaped being shot by the Irate
husband, for he would have shot her
also had not the mother sent the child
away. Previous jto the shooting Willis
had been on a prolonged spree. He spent
$175 for -whisky and it -was tha refusal
of his wife to give him .more money
that caused the double shooting.
.At a meeting of the Board of Con
trol of the Bennington Memorial Asso
ciation to-day an advisory 'board con
taining the names of citizens prominent
in the State and nation was selected.
The names include President Roosevelt,
Secretary Bonaparte. ex-Secretary Mor
ton, the national commanders of the G.
A. R. and Spanish War Veterans, the
president of the Y. M. C. A. Navy De
partment, Miss Helen Gould, Admirals
Goodrich and McCalla, Governor Pardee,
Senators Perkins and Flint and the eight
Congressmen from the State. Notifica
tion of the appointment will be sent, and
it is hoped, that, the majority of those
named will' accept.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 9.— The Bennington
court of' inquiry to-day spent . the
time in "listening to . the reading ot
the testimony taken and in au
thenticating .\u25a0 documents. It ; 1b expect
ed that the report of. the board will be
made in a day or two. The flagship Chi
cago and the Bennington will leave here
for Mare Island "Saturday evening.
Saturday morning services* will be held
in Isis Theater in memory of the Ben
nington dead, and in the afternoon the
officers and men of the Chicago and the
Bennington will pay a visit to Fort
\u25a0Rosecrans and the military cemetery.'
The remaining injured sailors in the
hospital are doing well. It has not been
decided whether to take them; to Mare
Island by train or steamer. Lieutenant
Mitchell and Lieutenant Laramore, who
were sent from Mare Island to the Ben
nington, have' been relieved and sent
north. Ensign Campbell of the Chicago
will be in charge of the Berinlngton until
she Is taken away.
Ten more of the bodies buried on Point
Loma will be exhumed Friday and cent
to relatives in the East,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sailors Still Eemaining in
Hospital at San Diego to
Be Taken , to Mare Island
Eefusal of Wife to Provide
More Mdhey to 'Continue
Debauch Causes Tragedy
Clews Followed'by Investiga
tors Point to Suspects as
the ; Slayers of Woman
Delegations Will Not
Seek the Advice
of Grafters.
EVIDENCE JS SECUEED
INJURED ARE IMPEOyiNG
DEATH INSTANTANEOUS
Nomination for Mayor
Is Wide Open to
Best Man.
Bennington Court of Inquiry
Is Expected to Eeporf
Within the Next Few Days
Bakersfield Officer Thinks
That He Has 'Murderers
i of Mrs. Van Drose in Jail
Eanch Hand Fatally Wounds
Spouse and Then Fires a
Bullet Into His Own Brain
SHERIFF MAKES
THREE ARRESTS
SHOOTING ENDS
DRUNKEN SPREE
STILL PROBING
THE DISASTER
FIGURES SHOW HOW GANGSTERS
: MET DEFEAT AT PRIMARIES
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE HOST
PRESENTS FIRM FRONT.
PERJURY CASE
IS DISMISSED
Charge Against Coombs, Who
• Turned State's Evidence,
Dropped by Prosecution
MORE TIITE POE BEACE
His Hearing Is Postponed
in Order to Procure Docu
ments Prom Land Office
EUBEKA. Aug. 9.— The perjury charge)
against Hugh L. Coombs, who yesterday
turned State's evidence In the George W.
Brace perjury proceedings, was dismissed
when his hearing came up before United
States Commissioner Ford this morning.
Coombs was charged with making a false
oath in connection with locating pine
lands In Humboldt and Trinity counties.
In the case of Brace Attorney "Wade
asked for a continuance until to-morrow
afternoon In order to procure verified
documents from the land office.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 9.— A royal salut» of
twenty-one guns was fired by the garrison to
day in honor of th« anniversary of the King's
coronation.
\u25a0WASHINGTON. Any. 9.— An unusually se
ver* outbreak of typhoid fever, generally at
tributed to th« use of river water. Is preva
lent in this city. Sine« July 1. 19« cases hay»
been reported in the District of Columbia and
twenty-one deaths have occurred.
&ACRAMENTO, Aug. 9. — Governor Faroe*
has appointed J. C. Hizar or San Diego. Ben
jamin C. Wright of San Francisco. J. A.
Fllcher and Frank Wiggins as additional dele
gates to the Trans-Mlssisstppt Congress, which
will be held In Portland. Or., on August It).
DENVER. Aug. 9.-*-Whll« Robert Russell,
aged SI. and hU daughter. Mrs. Frank Ual
lard. aged 53. were driving across th« tracks
of the Moffatt road, north of the town, a pas
senger train crashed Jnto their busrgy. Mrs.
Ballard was killed and her father died several
hours later.
SEATTLE. Waah.. Aug. 9. — Howard James,
vice president of the Great Northern Railroad
Company, to-day formally took charge of the
company s offices here. J. D. Farrell, whone
reelsnatlcn as president was flied two months
ago, will hold that title until the meeting of
the company is held to elect Louis W. Hill, his
successor. \u25a0
-NEW YORK. Au*. B.— The first political
banners to be displayed In the Interest of
William Traver* Jerome as an Independent
candidate for re-election aa District Attorney
were suspended yesterday at Forayth and
Grand streets, by a recently formed organiza
tion whose members are pledged to sugpoit
Jerome at the colls.
Montagu Holbein will make another ef
fort to swim the English channel this
year. Burgess, the French champion.
vrho did so well last year, is also to make
another attempt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO/ CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10; 1905.
S3 Jfl » O 'd O K5K 5 H
|| fi 'si sf- 1- I II I'
DISTRICTS. g. | % oM ;o;E r £ X :
— «> M q goq o • » o •
Pi,* «• \u25a0->\u25a0 O'» " *
i 3 ' v> o> i
to;•-• ) • • | ;
Twenty-eighth 882 439 n6 289 13 34 1,773
Twenty-ninth 781 499 111 19 4*B 12 60 1,910
Thirtieth 701 502 303J 78 394 28 29 2,035
Thirty-first 702 584 166 32 24 . : . . . 22 1,530
Thirty-second 1,093 819 208 64 229 38 14.2,465
Thirty-third "616 400 154 29 304 9 *5 L 537
Thirty-fourth 776 1,003 54 278 49 11 2,293
Thirty-fifth 779 M 34 122 172 3 14 2,254
Thirty-sixth 855 967 133 25 257 22 17 2,275
Thirty-seventh 516 1,447 346 170 202 10 15 2,706
Thirty-eighth 852 1,262 155 45 265 19 14 2,602
Thirty-ninth 1,300 1,165 80.... 146 3 12 2,706
Fortieth '.. 670 1,308 151 60 12 2,86t
Forty-first 845 1,226! 1481 15 129 '3 ', 1 2,464
Forty-second . 1,002 1,141] H5 24 196 2 17 2,497
Forty-third 809 1,202 158 20 141 7-v " 2,348
Forty-fourth 1,165 743 137 28 163 1 14 2,251
Forty-fifth 1,132 351 hi 57 153 6 81 1,818
Totals 15,47616,200 2,837 660 4,024 2451 320|40,052
• NEWrTORJC^.'Aug. O.'-r-A. meeting- < looking : to
the i -transfer. "wpf ; Chicago sireeti railways -to
the- city -has 'been arronged'sto \u25a0 take i place, .be-!
:tw6«.n bankers*. and; traction men at. Chicago
next Monday. .<>>? r' '
\u25a0 \u25a0/.' '- '-•\u25a0\u25a0"-';\u25a0\u25a0 ; • \u25a0\u25a0 . • ' , .. -
4
soap in stick ; forfn; "con-
venience and : economy in
:sKavihg. • *'*!!< - : ! ; -o . \u25a0 w-;' ". '
Vlt^is the -best 1 ahel cheap-
est •/ shaving";n g" ; soap; ' : :;.";, -i '.-
Sold all over the workL'.'.y". :.V.
THE WHOLESOME -.:, .;\u25a0 '\u25a0
Baking Powdier
ff^**' &UD RETURN %
EB Round-trip tickets on sale August loth. 16th, 2-lth, 25th, HH
MM ' v i a Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago & North- «fl
EjjH Western Railway. Choice of routes going and returning, with WiWt
II New Cars on Overland Limited If
ll About August 15th Twenty new Standard Sleepers of ten sec- BBS
M^ tions — Drawing-room and two State Rooms each, with all tIM
\u25a01% . tne latest and most modern conveniences. These cars are SB
.m^^:built especially for,the famous electric-lighted Overland SB '
Limited, solid through train, less than three days to JWJW
Chicago, over the only double-track railway from JWjSf
the Missouri River to. Chicago. . • J&AW
Free iafortottion. booklets, maps, time schedules, sleepier car A&p**r
. J^Bs^s^k. "— * reservations, tickets, etc., on application. \u25a0 .i&^raZ9SWB9?W
\u25a0 JSmtaßS&iStill R - R - RITCHIE, Gen'l Agi- Pacific Coast. C. A N.-W. Rj..^W^sM'J^ll'lTls^R j..^W^sM'J^ll'lTIs^
jWaiUJgBEWTI 617 Market Streel. Palic«- Hotel.
fekf- F - BOOTH. Gen'l Agt. Pass'r Dept..U. P. R. H..^mPT4BP lrinirllTi
ggSPJWTI '. I 111 IjHfl? Mo. 1 Montgom«nr Street, \u25a0rfffP^sW*^ mPnyrS^l I I
A 'T^^-rll
/| A%sOOQ
J Razor
If Special!
— fcjf<'^\ Made of best materials. /
KvMi Has strong, fortified
'^^V// handle; blade of fln-
est tempered steel.
.^JcggggV Cuts smooth and
(fi//^tiiB^. clean, without
vr ' pullins. Easy to,
Ji xlllKV keep in order.'
rt M >' special
v p rice - si » E °
1 STA R
I S.URTY
I HAZ O R —
I R e er v 1 a r >^^^v
12.00 value. My >§p§i^V
I, special price^
/ Raxors and other cutlery honed
and ground. Razors honed and
put into flrst-clasr order.. 2oe
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS.
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer. A
1 1008 MARKET ST.. Opp. Fifth. \u25a0
SAX FRANCISCO. ,
y-~" "~*~~*" _ — ~~~^^^^
IDISEfISESOFW
Omx modern and up-to-date msthoda
for the certain and speedy cure of Htrlctur* •
Raptar*. . Pile*. Blood Pol»«n. X»rv.
•as Debility And Contracted Oliordtn
have won for va thousands of intlmc
nlala from patients who have bqpn eared.
Vartcocele. we. treat by our improved
medical vibratory method, where others ns«
the knife. We issue o. bond ma a jju» ran- *
too to cure all cases we undertake. Our Im-
proved French Cones for the treatment of
the Injured Prostmto never fail. Any man
suffering from Wtakn«i*tnd wno Is lndo»
\u25bceloped can obtain from us (free by mall)
our 10 day's special treatment and illustrated
chart describing the cause and effect of Lo.t
Vitality and W»»kn««. Recant cases
cured in one day by the French Dilating
and irrUrailnjr Method.
Corr«tpond»ne« private Comultition FREE.
the DR. TALGOTT co.
1240 MARKET ST. . -. -%X\
Opp. Halo* - Ban Franelieo. C»l.
f DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
•.-•;•-\u25a0 MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
rORTHE""
; I BLOOD, LI VER.LUNGS.
MpiWVin&ZSri&fi C»« Big O f or nnnatoral
sQw la Ito t <i*t«.\ J dischar?»».lnflaniaia»!on»,
aSu&Y QvLtmat-4 Ifl Initations or olcoratioa*
WHi\ •** t» itrlmor*. of mucous membrumo.
»<< rr«— l» CtmtMtUm. Paftnle*!, and not aitrlv
ffTaITHIETA.'ttCHIMICAICO. ««at or poi»ojon*
rn^CS*. Cl."ttJaiUTl.oJFr^ ««>*• by Drut«*«t4
•! 00- • 4 b«tUM 57.7&.
Cir.ulw Mat oa Isaacs*
DIRECTORT OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prt«e Lists Mailed oa
Application.
,«____—_ , oils \u25a0
LUBRICATINO OIL?: LEONARD A IXU3. P
418 Front St.. S. F. Phon* Main 171&. <\
PRINTING.
LCBUOBEV 8 u sJSZIZb. t.
MsWssMnMJMMWlßnVaa^Bs^sWat^-^iiPiaMWMtML^ . .^. JMaSHM
BBSBBBeBBBBBBBBBBHaBIBEBBBBBQBEBBBESBEBHBBBDB
n A Book Full of FJacts About fc 1
| f|PI)R. HcLAUGHLIN'S^S |
\u25a0I DR. McLAD&HLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT FOR WEAK MEN |
\u25a0 X »u n 5 w that no man r «mains a weakling because he wants to lam H
B sure that you want to overcome every Indication of early decay that ha^ n
\u25a0 sb°5 b °, Wn V£ elf °? you - X don<t tolnk «c ">an lives who woufd not Hke to n
g feel as big and strong as a Sandow. and I know that if you have a rwT 5
\u25a0 sonable foundation to build upon I can make Tyou a blgge? man than you S
g . ever hoped to be. I want you to know that, you who can't bTlieVe It! and \u25a0
O X want you to have ray book in which I describe how I learn d that H
£2 strength was only electricity and how I learned to restore it" also I \u25a0
\u25a0 want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when 3
\u25a0 they came to me they were phyeical wrecks and are now aZe the S
B finest specimens of physical manhood. • among me «\u25a0
g OURED IfS! THREE WEEKS O
5 dr. Mclaughlin- - -^^ V•; ,- dyerville. cai. \u25a0
rj Dear Sir: I am feelin* better to-day than I have felt f<?r fifteen yeaf« na*t «, « S
£, result of the us* of your Belt. I wore it in all only threl wL>v« Vt?a *£, ~ i.^ '\u25a0' ™
B perfonnrf b a. been miraculous. I can do a da% wjfrk -now In^wh^n ftt^ffi 'M
P Iwu too weak and sick to raise my head. You may be sure that lam irat^flfi «ni B
\u25a0 will recommend the Belt every chance I have. Tour graterul patient? . ?H? H
§ I want you to.read this book and learn the truth n
JS ments. If you are not as vig-orous as you would like to be. If you hfve 3
g rbeumatlc pains, weak kidneys, loss of vitality, prostatic troubles n^r! 5
g vous spells, varicocele or any ailment of that kind that weakens you It 5
Ej would assure your future happiness if you would look into this method "\u25a0
B of mine. Don't delay it: your best days are clipping by If yorwant^i
H this book I send it closely sealed, free, if you send this ad CaH for f?ee 1
B conEu«ation. , . . .. . . ,' tr . ee g
5 Dr M C Mrl flUCrhlin Market Street , Ei
P LSI* X»A» W. XTlCLwCtU^llllll, AbcT»Ellii.Sanrr»neiK». B
g Office Hours — 8 a. m. to Bp. m.: Sundays.lo to I. '. '\u0084.. . ' .-. H
'\u25a0\u25a0JMUMBBBBBBBfIBfIBfIBfIBBBBBBUfIBBBBBBBBBBBBiSMRS. LUCY FLORENCE STEPHENSON TELLING THE CORONER'S JURY HOW HER HUSBAND , WAS KILLED AND CHIL
LION BOWEN. WHO IS CHARGED WITH THE MURDER OF THE MAN WHOSE FRIENDSHIP HE^ BETRAYED .AND
*\ HOSE WIFE HE LURED A^VAY. t \
HELENA. Mont., Aug. 9.— A special
to the Record from Basin . says four
suspects — Timothy Shea, J. T. Harring
ton, Thomas Ryan and C. J. Hickman —
have' been arrested at Boulder on , sus
picion of being implicated in- the at
tempt to rob the bank, of M. L. Hewitt
here early Tuesday morning. Thebur
giars blew off the outer door-v with
nitro-glyccrine, but got no farther.
Cracksmen Suaprcta Captured.
A fine delivery wacon 11 a good ' advertise
ment. We have them with panel- top and
plate class Bide. They are beauties. We also
carry express wagons. Leibold Harness Com
pany. 211 Larkin street. •
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 9.— An un
usual condition at sea was to-day re
ported by Captain Goodwin of , the ship
Dlrigo, which arrived, at the Spreckels
sugar refinery from Honolulu with a
cargo of raw sugar. ' The Dlrigo, - ac
cording to Captain Goodwin, practically
drifted from Honolulu to the Delaware
Breakwater, a distance of 14,000 miles.
The run required 156 days.
On several days the Dirigo, which Is
one of the fastest clipper, ships afloat,
made only fifty miles. The weather in
both tho Atlantic and , Pacific oceans
was calm and sultry, with Incessant
rains and little cloudbursts, delaying
the big ship. Only two vessels were
seen until the Dirigo approched land.-
810 SHIP -ENCOUNTERS.
CALM, RAINY WEATHER
Dtrlgro Spends One ' Hundred and Fifty-
Six Days From Honolulu to ;\ ; ; I
Philadelphia.
Jackson is understood to have told
his father that he could not account
for his actions since leaving: the ship.
As. if he were in a trance, he says, he
wandered away from New York. When
he recovered his senses and realized
the seriousness of his situation his first
thought was to secrete himself until'he
had made enough money to return to
the ship. ...,.-.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9. — Midshipman
Robert Jackson, who was reported
missing a week ago last Friday, when
he left his ship, the Missouri, then ly
ing In the North River, has been lo
cated by his father, in Quebec. He ia
satd to have been working to obtain
money to pay his way back' to. the bat
tleship. The midshipman is now being
taken to Bar Harbor, Maine, by his
father.
Robert Jackson, Who Has Been 3ltsalng
From tbe'Mlssourl, Located br
Hla Father.
The Central \ Savings \ Bank • also is ex
periencing *• a ' "run," ., but - Itl- is : paying all
depositors In full on 'demand... "•
: KANSAS : CITY; ; Aug/ : 9.— Leonard Im
boden formed the- Planters'.' Bank here in
1899. yAn .^examination .'by \u25a0 the \ State \u25a0 Bank
Examiner" showed that the ' bank's capital
on" hand some ten days after it opened Its'
' H. M." Beatty, the assignee of . the .West
ern, .'-is-, treasurer* of 'the local order of
Eagles. A few days ago the Eagles .drew
out about $25,000, leaving a small balance
to cover outstanding checks. \u25a0 -\
- The Vrun" on, the Denver Savings Bank
which was begun yesterday, was resumed
to-day. About 300 depositors were- in "line
when the bank opened at * 10 ; o'clock. s The
bank continued paying; 10 per cent of de
posits., Vice President F. P. Jones made
the: following announcement:. ;
. "The public ; is assured on the} honor of
the" management of this bank that there
is absolutely, no, occasion for any!uneasi
ness as to \u25a0 the bank's -, condition. '. [ The
Denver Sayings Bank '\u25a0\u25a0 has cash |on j hand
to/pay,^ its* depositors every, cent due. on
commercial deposits and "all \ that savings
depositors can call for' up; to the full
limit." . v ' ' v ;
The Denver. Clearlng-House Associa
tion, it. was announced,, had refused as
sistance to the Western Bank on the se
curities offered. None of the Denver na
tional banks are affected In the least by
the embarrassment of the Imboden lnsti
"Th^Tlmes says:
Inlboden is said ' to have secured control of
the stock of the two' 1 banks (the Western and
the" Denver Bavlnrs)' without a dollar of In
vestment. He .bought the holdings of former
President Wllfley.of the Denver Savings Bank,
.which 'were hypotheacted In- New York, as
suming the Wllfley.note, It "la. claimed. Within
the i past j six weeks Jhe is understood to I have
borrowed from" the Denver : Savings $51,000.
with which he. purchased control of the West
ern, putting up as: collateral 'with the Denver
Savings the stock ; of . the Western. . .'
Waldron, Thompson & Blankeney, at
torneys for the Western Bank, said this
afternoon' that, there would be no pro
ceedings in court, as an assignment could
be made without application to a court.
"The bank was advised," said a member
of the firm, "to make an assignment to
protect itself and its depositors. There is
no cause. for uneasiness." -
It is . understood . that "a run" . on the
bank was feared, as L.: A. Imboden, one
of the. principal stockholders of the Den
ver Savings Bank, Is also interested In
the Western. The Western's deposits ag
gregate nearly $1,000,000.
DENVER, Aug. B.— The Western Bank,
a State institution, failed to open this
morning. A notice was posted announc
ing that Henry M. Beatty, assistant
cashier, of the bank, had been appointed
assignee. W. G. Brown is president and
W. T. Perkins cashier of the Western
Bank.
MIDSHIPMAN SAYS HE LEFT
VESSEL WHILE IN TRANCE
Hustler Gets Control of
Two Savings Institutions
Without Paying a Dollar
Real- Estate j Firm Innolvent.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9. — Rice & Creighton,
real estate dealers, filed a petition in
bankruptcy to-day. Liabilities $170,000,
assets $265,000.-
ARMY AND NAVY ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, • Aug. 9.— Army" or
ders: Lieutenant Colonel James A.
Irons, Fourteenth Infantry,' is detailed
as a member of the army retiring board
"at- Vancouver Barracks vice Colonel
Edgar Z. Steever, Fourth Cavalry, re
lieved. .
Navy orders:- Chief Boatswain J. E.
Murphy,' retired, detached' from Mare
Island Navy Yard to his home. \ 4
KOMANCE IN FINANCE
KNOXVILLE. Term., Aug. 9. — Two
voluntary petitions in bankruptcy have
been filed in the United States court
here, the aggregate liabilities. of 1 which
are over $600,000 and the assets slight
ly in excess, of $12,000: H.N. Saxton
Jr. gives his liabilities at $261,219 and
assets of $8000. C. G. Schrader has lia
bilities of $350,054 and assets. of $4418.
Both men were indorsers on the paper
of Saxton & Co., lumber exporters,
which firm recently failed.
Tyro Fnllnrrn In Knoivillc.
Assignee Appointed for the
Western, One of the Im
boden Private Concerns
DENVER BANK'S
DOORS CLOSED
doors was $283. Imboden was \ arrested,
tried- and sentenced to ten "years in
prison on a charge of forging a $15,000
draft to increase, 1 it was alleged, the
paper credit of the bank. This was on
September 26, 1899. The Supreme Court
'. ordered him retried, and as E. E. Tates,
who jWas 1 then prosecutor, had no new
evidence In the case Imboden was re
leased. ....
The following are the members of
the jury: George M. Martin, Pacific
Mutual Life Insurance Company; C. L.
Goodrich, 1118 Gough street. Oriental
Steamship Company; Julian Smith, 2124
Broderick street; L. P. Rixford, 1813
Pierce street; D. K. Shanks. 3676 Cali
fornia street; J. .D. Hines, 420 Montgom
ery street; C. A. Hutton, Merchants'
Exchange building. \u25a0 ;
on my clothes, but he broke in the door.
There were shots fired, but I did not see
Bowen have a gun. I was too frightened
to look after I saw the blood streaming
from Will's face. «
"If Will had not been shot I fear that
Bowen would now be the dead man."
The Coroner's Jury was out half an
hour and returned the following verdict:
"We, the Jury, find that the said W. W.
Stephenson, age about thirty-five years,
nativity California, occupation rancher,
residence Washoe, Nevada, came to his
death in the city and county of San
Francisco at 1015% Larkin street, August
6, from wounds from shots fired by Chil
lion Bowen and we charge said Chillion
Bowen with the crime of murder." -
"Saturday morning at 8:15 Bowen and
I heard a rap on the door and I immedi
ately suspected it was JVill looking for
rat. A voice said, 'Open the door.' Bowen
jumped out of bed. and., l suppose, got
hi* gun to defend himself, for we knew
that Will would shoot. I tried to deter
try husband for. a minute so I could put
."I entered the St. Winifred's Hospi
tal In this city and stayed there about
two weeks, then went to Bowen's room
at 1015% Larkin street, where he and
I lived as man and wife under the name
of Wilson. We had been there three days
wben Will came.
. \u25a0'STEPHOrSO-V FORCED DOOR.
. Attorney "Walter Gallagher, who made
an unsuccessful attempt to secure the
$123 found In the dead man's pockets to
defend the murderer, asked the witness
a few questions, but did not volunteer to
placo his client. Bowen, on the stand.
The following statement was made be
fore the Jury by Mrs. Stephenson:
"W. W. Stephenson and I were mar
ried eight years ago In Susanville, Las
een County, and we moved to Nevada,
where we had lived up to the time of
my coming to San Francisco. I met
Bowen last December, when he was
working on our ranch and we grew Inti
mate In a short while. My husband sus
pected that we were too friendly, but he
did not accuse me until on his return
from a trip to Virginia City several
months ago. Then he came to me and
said Bowen would have to leave the
ranch because his actions •were causing
talk among the neighbors. Bowen then
went to the farm of a Mr. \ Douglas to
work and communicated with me by
mail. I visited him once after he moved
on a little ranch he owned some three
miles from the one my husband rented.
"Acting on medical advice, I prepared
to come to San Francisco for treatment.
"Will intended to accompany me,. but was
deterred on account ota lack of funds. By
a prearraneement, Bowen met me' at
Boca, a station in Xevada, and together
we came to San Francisco.'
COMES TO SAA* FRAACISCO.
Mra. Cr. Beck, the landlady, told of the
•vents on the morning of the murder,
corroborating the testimony of the others
en the stand.
Detectives Matheson end Mulcahy tes
tified as to the actions of Bowen and the
woman when these officers arrived at the
house after the murder. Matheson swore
that the dead man had his hand Inside bis
Inside coat pocket and a pistol was re
moved from it when searched. "He was
lying full length on the floor of the
room," eald Matheson, "as though death
had been instantaineous, with two wounds
la bis head, inflicted at close range."
Dr. Bacigalupi told how the death was
caused. The first wound was not In
stantly fatal, he said,* and the second
must have been the wound from which
be died.
From th© other witnesses examined it
was learaerd that Stephenson came to
San Francisco to satisfy bis suspicions
about hla wife's unfaithfulness and. If
possible, to drag her from Bowen'e tempt
ing presence. Oficer O'Sullivan, who was
called to the house by the son of the
landlady, reviewed the finding of the un
true wife and murderer In the room and
gave an account of their actions.
Hardly had tho offlceT finished the reci
tal of the details when Mrs. Stephenson
collapsed and tiad to be removed from the
room. It was some little time before ehe
was able to again listen to the examina
tion of 'witnesses. *
REACHES FOR REVOLVER.
Mrs. Stephenson said Bowen shot her
husband as- he was entering the room
without giving him a chance to defend his
life. She claimed Stephenson had once
threatened the lives of herself and Bowen
if evtjr he caught them together and this
be the defense that Bowen will urge
"^•h«*ff;th« case -conies" to court.
Mrs. Stcphenson did not see her hus
band with a revolver drawn after he
brokt optn the door to enter the room
where she was in bed with his slayer,
and the was not cure that he had his
hand raised as if reaching for a revolver.
She said her husband opened the door
by force and advanced toward her, that
Bowen was standing by the bed, back of
the door, and shot the defenseless man
before he knew his life was in danger.
She said, however, that Bowen did the
Ehooting because he feared for his own
life.
room until Ehe recovered.
Stephenson, without the latter having
shown any murderous Intent. Acting
mainly on this testimony, the coroner's
jury, after listening to the details of the
tragedy at 1015i£ Larkin street on Au
gust 5, in which the Washoe rancher was
killed by the man who was consorting
with Mrs. Stephenson. charged Bowen
\\ith the murder of Stephenson. The
faithless wife was overcome during the
proceedings and had to be led from tho
Mrs. Lucy Florence Stephenson testified
before a Coroner's Jury yesterday that
Ohillion Bowen shot her husband,. W. W.
She Collapses Dur
ing Progress of
Hearing.
Tells of Shameful
Relations With
the Slayer.
Widow Says Rancher
Made No Effort
to Shoot
We, the jury, find that the
said W. W. Stephenson,
age about 33 years, nativ
ity California, occupation
rancher, residence Washoe,
Nev., came to his death in
the city and county of
San Francisco at 101 5^2
Larkin street, August 5,
from wounds caused by
shots fired by Chillion
Boweh and we charge said
Chillion Bowen with the
crime of murder. — Ver
dict of the Coroners
Jury.
CORONER'S JURY CHARGES BOWEN
WITH MURDER OF STEPHENSON.
CHURCHES PLAN
BIG CONFERENCE
WIFE DESERTION
A CRAVE MENACE
Twenty-Four Denominations
Will Send Delegates 'to
New York Next November
Number of Cases Declared
by .Magistrate to Be on
. the increase in New York
DEPLORES CONDITIONS
Government Commission Soon to Visit
This. City to Make an
Investigation.
WASHINGTON.. Aug. 9.— The Pneu
matic Tube Mall Delivery Commission
decided to extend the investigation to
San Francisco and will start on a visit
to that.cltyiln a few days.
SAN FRANCISCO MAY GET
PNEUMATIC. TUBE DELIVERY
NEW YORK, Aug. 9. — Marcus Braun,
who became embroiled with the Hun
garian authorities at Budapest several
months ago while there in "his capacity
as United States Immigration Inspector,
has resigned his office. Braun. since
his return to this country, has been as
signed to duty at Ellis Island and was
ordered by Commissioner of Immigra
tion Sargent to don the. regulation uni
form. This Braun- refused to. do and
after an ineffectual appeal, to President
Roosevelt- he tendered his resignation.
Immigration Inspector Marcos Drana tn
Vain Appeal* to President
Roosevelt.
RESIGNS RATHER, THAN
DON FEDERAL UNIFORM
"I know all about the murder and
will make a detailed statement if you
will promise me immunity," he said,
according to the officers.
Assistant Prosecutor Wurzer replied
that It was impossible, under the law
to make such a promise, and, as. John
son did not then evince a desire to con
tinue his statement, the officers left
him. . .
DETROIT, Aug. 9. — Harry Johnson,
held with Harry Parker by t^he police
on suspicion of the murder of Pawn
broker Joseph -Meyer in this city on
July 28, late this afternoon sent word
to Captain McDonnell of the Detective
Department that he wanted to. make a
confession. After an assistant; prose
cuting attorney and a stenographer had
been engaged the party of official^ went
to Johnson's cell to take -his confes
sion. . .
Murder Suspect Admits Full
Knowledge of the
Crime.
OFFERS TO CONFESS
IF GIVEN FREEDOM
ence. - .
The chairman of ' the \u25a0 executive com
mittee Is Dr. -William Henry Roberts of
Philadelphia: the secretary Dr. E. B.
Sanford of New York. The chairmen of
the other committees are all New York
men. \u25ba\u25a0• - -
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Twenty-four re
ligious denominations containing 18,000,000
communicants have each appointed from
five to . fifty delegates to meet in this
city on November 15 to take part In an
Inter-church conference on federation.
The meeting will be held In Carnegie Hall
for a week." the object being the federa
tion of the Protestant forces in America.
President Roosevelt has expressed his
sympathy with the movement and it Is
expected that one or more members of
his Cabinet will be able to take part in
the discussions of the conference.
The sixty speakers on the 'programme
include five bishops of the Protestant
Episcopal church. " six bishops of the
Methodist church, a bishop of the Re
formed Episcopal church, a bishop of
the Moravian body, representatives of
the Presbyterian, Congregational, Bap
tist and other denominations, two United
States Supreme Court Justices, two Jus
tices of State courts, a United States
Senator, a Congressman, a Governor, a
Mayor and several college presidents and
professors, editors and ministers.
Among the Issues to be brought before
the church and nation by the confer
ence are religious education, the social
order, evangelization, home and foreign
missions, the fellowship of faith, the
national life and Christian .progress. Be
sides declaring faith in -the essential
unity of the Protestant churches, several
speakers will .recapitulate, the work of
the churches in the cities of this coun
try. State and; foreign missionary work,
and there will be a special meeting de
voted to. young people's movements. A
reception at the Waldorf-Astoria, \ given
by the half \ dozen denominational sec
tions in this city. . will be among the
more popular features of the confer-
Matters Cof Concern in the
Protestant Religious Cir
cles,;' Will Be Discussed
FAVORED BY PRESIDENT
Says Problem, Has Become
Serious One as Affecting
Domestic Life of People
NEW YORK, Aug. 9. — Stirred by the
presence in his courtroom of 100 wom
en, followed by a mob of children, each
woman demanding a warrant for the
husband whom she charged with de
sertion and non-support, Magistrate
Pool-yesterday declared that wife de
sertion is one of the most serious
menaces to domestic life that now con
fronts \ New York. After hearing the
charges the Magistrate Issued twenty
warrants \u25a0 and turned the remaining:
cases over to the court officers for im
mediate i investigation. Later, In dis
cussing the problem with a reporter,
the Magistrate said:
'•The large number of cases that are
coming before Magistrates In the police
courts show the grave nature of the
problem that the lawmakers must face.
When a man' tires of a wife, or is at
tracted by a pretty face, all that he
has to do is to refuse to support his
wife, and' then when she has him sum
moned before me he can, give a bond
for the payment b'f a weekly sum and
go free of Interference from the woman
or from the law. I am glad to say
that in the largest number of cases
that appear before me the husband is
of foreign' birth.
"A serious side to the problem is that
women appeal to the police court for
aid only when they have exhausted
every other means of bringing the hus
band back to them.
• ."When. a woman appeals to me for
aid I can only summon the husband and
force him to give bond for the payment
of a stated. sum each week. If he re
fuses . I can send him to the work
house. Many prefer going to the work
house to . paying their wives anything
at all."'
A • probation - ofHcer in Magistrate
Pool's court said he had given the
question of wife abandonment careful
study and that such cases are con
stantly increasing in number in this
city. He asserted that family inter
ference and troublesome relatives were
the two causes largely responsible.
WAR AMONG OYSTER
MEN IN NEW YORK
Encroachments of the Trust
Opposed by Independent
Fishermen.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— An oyster war
of great magnitude. has '_ broken piit,be
tween independent fishermen in New
York waters and a combination of
wealthy oyster men who. It is declared,
not only control the planted beds of the
State,': but are now trying to. get hold
of those of natural growth. The fisher
men have* organized a protective asso
ciation and began proceedings yester
day to prevent the lease or sale at
nominal figures of any oyster or clam
beds of natural growth to the members
of the alleged trust. •
In 1887 the Legislature passed a law
for the purpose of stimulating the cul
tivation of oysters, -providing for the
sale of all available lands under water
fit for shell fish . cultivation, but ex
pressly preserving for the State all the
natural beds. It is now alleged by the
small fishermen that the big planters,
for a nominal sum of 25 cents an acre,
acquired all 'the available lands under
water near this city and began to en
croach upon the natural beds.
. The Santa Fe announce another of their pop
ular excursions to the Grand Canyon of Arl
rona, to be run- from San Francisco via Cali
fornia Limited August 17. The extremely low
rate of $65 -will be made for that date only.
This pays all expenses of tne trip. Including
railway fare, Pullman berth and meals on the
dlnlng-car going and returning, and five days
at the new luxurious hotel "El Tovar," on the
rim of the Canyon. Call on or write to Fred
W. Prince, C. T. A.. 653 Market street. •
Campbell Estate Valued at $1,901,503.
July 28. — The final ac
counts of the executors of the will of
the late James Campbell*have been filed
and approved and the property has
been turned over to the trustees." Its
valuation. Is given in the list filed in
court as ; $1,901,503 28. Campbell was
the 'millionaire who was the victim of
the extortion scheme worked In San
Francisco some years ago by Wlnthrop,
who is serving in ~ San Quentln for the
crime. -Included in the property of the
estate is f the St. James Hotel in San
Jose, which is valued at $150,000.
THE S AN; -FR ANCISGO CALL; \ THURSDAY, : :AUGTJST 10, I^os.
5
CLOTHES
That's the kind WE make,
and the ONLY kind we DO £
make. We have learned that 1
they are the kind most peo- S
pie like best — esoeciallv j
when they can be- had for
equal or less money than the
other kind. We have earned
a reputation amons: our cus-
tomers for garments of snao.
style and individuality char-
acteristic of only the highest
class tailoring. We are now
showing some swell suitings
at tempting prices — to keeo .
us busy duringithe dull sea-
son. It will pay you to drop
around and see us.
$1.00 A WEEK
A. B. Smith Co.
: .116 ELLIS STREET
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great
OF ANATOMY
\ CJT TJl * L*rf««t Asatomleal Waseom Is th*
m jfc±, Wtakaeucs or »».» taatraaTad
X SplN diiMM rwlllT«l7«Br*4bTUM aUiu
0 jftSgl Spwiiilat ou the Come Ek. 38 jean.
1 fl|3g[4 OR, JCRDAN-DISWSES 0? MEN
9 i Oil 0 Trwmeat p*rion»:!y »r br 1-tior. £
\9 W II IV W itl * r airt to eT «J °»* ! andrrtiiie*.
oP» UW **» »r llocJ, PHILOSOrBTf «f
\ m II nn * Hfll *Xt:. tJMLSB fSSX. !\u25b2
A £} ii vataabls book br sua.) , •
f DK.JORDAX A CO.. 1051 Martrt St ,a F.
Ipadtcdcl CURE SICK HEADACHE.
UAHItno
IBittle Genuine Must Bear
1 LV?B Fac-Simila Signature
OCEAJf TRAVEL.
vslC~C>v . Steamers leave Piers 9 and
/^S^-^JWS. 11 San Francisco:
>»P\ *" or KetcMkan, Wrangel.
(W «^^ \ \ JuneatJ . Treadwell. lUiaes.
I / VlWi I I Ska sway. etc.. Alaska— ll a.
\ \ \»WSa/ / ra - Aug. 3. S. 13. 13 23. 23.
\*\ \\ *Cf/ Sept. 2. Change to thU con*.
VqSJ' panjr's steamers at Seattle.
X^^«»<VvX Fop Victoria. Vancouver.
"^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett." Anacortes. South Belllngham.
BelllnKham — 11 a. m.. Aug. 3. 8, 13. 13 23. 2S.
Sept. 2. Change at Seattle to this company*
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattl*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Aug. 3. ». 15. 21. 27. Sept. 2. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Aug. 8. 12. 13 21. 30. Sept. 0l
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— '
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. in.
For Los Angeles (via Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, Saa Simeon. Cayucos Port Harford (Saa
Lulj Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme—
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Aug. 2, 10. 13. 28. Sept. 3.
Bonlta. 9 a. in.. Aug. 8.- 14. 22. SO. Sept. 7.
For'Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. ra.. 7ta of •sea
month.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1906— The
palatial excursion steamship SPOKANE will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Juno 22.
July «. 20. August 3. 17.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — t New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel), 10 Market st.. and Broadway
wharves. Freight Office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANX General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. Saa Francisco.
AMERICAN IJXE.
Plymouth — Chrrhourc — Southampton.
ATLANTIC TR-Of SPORT I.IXEL
\u25a0 New VorJi — London Direct.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LI3TE.
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM, via BOULOOX3
p RED STAR LINE.
Antwerp— Dover — London— Pa r1.%.
WHITE STAR LINE.
New York— Qneeniitown— Liverpool.
Boston — Qneenstowa — lilverpool- .
. To the Mediterranean. • -
FROM NEW TORK.
CRETIC September 28, Nov. 4. D«t •
REPUBLIC October 19. November 39
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC.%AtIgU3t 5. September IS. October 2S
ROMANIC October 7. November IS
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Arent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st. San Francisco. .>• -
J^amburg- American.
Plymouth— Cherbourg — Hamburg:.
t"Moltke Aug. IT TPenasylvan!a..Sept. *
rwaldersee . .- . Aug. 19 t«Bluecher Sept. T
tDeutschlana..Aug. 24 TFurst Blsmrck-Sept. 9
Hamburg. ..:.- Aug. 31 t*Moltke S«pt. t*
tGrlll Room. •Gymnasium on board. fCalllng
at Dover for London and Paris.
HAMBCSO- AMSHIC A S LINE. 35-37 Br»4w»r. J*.T.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 California st.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney. Thursday. August 10. 2 P. M.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 19,11 A.M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. Cor Tahiti, Sept. 11. 11 A.M.
J.D.SP2ECXELS & BEOI Ct).,Az!S.,MJt C31C8543 Y&l-
iet rralgut CSca 327 tain St. Pisi 7. Facile sl
KOSMOS LIINE
ra«fnE»r Service.
S. S. "Ammon." «SVOu ton». Captain Jurgen-
sen -sailing f*om San Francisco. August 29.
for' Europe, via ports on West Coast of Mex-
ico Central and South America. For rates
and accommodations apply to LEXDAL M.
GRAY. Manager. 329 Market st.
Compßgnir Generate Transatlantlqve.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE— Paris.
SaltlnK every Thursday instead of -*^ <U f»
Saturday. 10 a. m..' from Pier 42."^^^^
North River, foot of Morton st.
"First clase to Havre, $70 and upward. 3«s-
ond class to Havre. J45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AXD INTEBURBAN ROUTEg.
NAPA VALLEY ROUTE
MONTICELLO 3-SXAMSHIP COMPANY—
VALLEJO OJD NAPA VAIAJCY INTER-
URBAN ELECTRIC R.-R..00. Close connec-
tions at Vallejo with * round trips dally for
Vallejo Mare Island Navy Yard. NAPA. Napa
Asylum and all way points. Boats leave Saa
Francisco 7:0O a. re.. "0:45 a. m.. 12:30 noon.-
3-13 p. m- 6:00 p. m.. 3:30 p. m.
"San Francisco landing and office. Pier 2.
foot of Mission St. Mi»als ala carte. Phone
Main 150*1. HATCH BROS.. General Agents.
»Land» Navy Yard direct. \u25a0
For Vnllejo and Marc Island Navy Yard.
Steamer H J. CORCORAN leaves wharf
north end of Ferry Building, week days (except
Saturday). 11 «• m.. 3:13 p. m. Saturdays. It
a m. Sundays. 9:30 a.. m.. 5:13 p. ra. Leaves
Vallejo. week days (except Saturdays). 7:43 a.
tn. 5:30 P. m. Saturdays, 7:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.
Sundays * 3:30 p. m. Meals a la carte. Phoa»
641. BARNESON-HIBBKRD CO.. ..managers.
438 Montgomery street.
Axminster Rug7^27x6p Room -Size Axminster Brussels Rug7-6x9 feet;
; inches; in yery choice j| ug _ 9x12 feet, in a selection >bf. patterns,
: - -mottled effects; fine, bo th -Oriental 'an d
Wnr^r nr 5 M? ' : d^ep; p i 1c ; closely flor^f an -excellent. '
Corner or- light up a . . wove n; a co!orin X that gives rt f'*A '\u25a0+•'*
1 room., \sl7t - . a pleasing. C 1 C S^-^S^TS
I Each:.... •* <J effect/Each.. *1 0 v goqds.'Each T M'* V| .
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD. NUF CED;VAUDEVILLE PERFORMER .TAKEN;SUD
DENL.Y- ILL. — Charlotte Smith; an 18-yeair-old
Kirl \u25a0 Mrho has been . dolns: . a ; sonc " and . dance
turn" &f Fischer's.*: was; taken 'suddenly Ul-yes
terday at ; her room ' In the \u25a0•'Winchester jßouse
"on ; Third street - and removed ; to r th^ Central
Emergency '- Hospital ; for \u25a0 treatment.,; \u25a0 Dr.^9 ill,'
.•who treated : her, diagnosed her case", aaf pplrlc
I>eritonit4a. • ~ - - - *r.~*.***" '.*\u25a0
' JrIARRIAGE 4 LICENSES.— OakIand, Aus. : o. :
The'.?! ollowinj? ' marriage licenses were ' issued
by;"the ;Coui)ty > Clerk to-day : < L«mon ; B. "\u25a0: Qil
pin^2l, and Mildred S. f . Kelly. 21, both of Oak
land ; j John •\u25a0 F. ":\u25a0 Lynclv »5, » and . Jennie . C. f Me-
Brten, 20,:bothor j Oakland;»Owen Murray,:3(t/
and >Ellen ! E. .; KiHlan,* 10, v both :of -T Oakland ;
Harry ; 31eke," ; 47, i and : Elsie Becker,": 47, r botb
of ' ETUitvale;- Norval^Arf Robinson," \u25a0\u25a0<\u25a0 37, -i'j and
Helen t Simmons,?' 1 8, *\u25a0 both 'of ' San; Francisco ;
Thomas .^W, , Hambley, >. 43." tknd < Caroline ', Part
ridge.- 26.. \u25a0both'; of -Oakland. \u25a0 _-\u0084-..; j,
WASHINGTON: Aug.' 9.— Tbe State
Department -was in formed . to-day that
the New York "\u25a0 and - Bermudez .Asphalt
Company had " lodged with the Venez
uelan Government a protest . against
the recent' decision of the court against
that v company. * The protest will be
made a part' of the records in the case,
which is now under investigation.
Question* - the R«c«nt Decision of the
-' ' Supreme Court of \>n
'.'\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 esaelaa.'V.
.., CROCKByi*; j(VA^«s:jf.9^~R{aklnfif': : £ bis
own " life ; td iskyi&Jtlitit' o*;.'a.Trothjer, pot
don- G. Kowe.-a 'tjQQkkeepijr.-teTnplbyed
by the*Jatk'»9n.'.JFvrnnltpr«Vponipanyio<
Oakland, * pljUntfeOri ww??,th$ T fbay <• yes
terday to 'resrcoeiPhlrfs il.<*iiiacazza;fa.n
Italian, wti&Khadf ,\b*4j^s,«ofeed:: ; ,Ai«;ith
cramps \wtiUy\in^teij}sw#tgirJZtiJe sue?
ceeded : in P;b^siivg'''iJtiJ:eANVinahP ;b^5iivg'''iJtiJ:eANVinah ashore
after a hard 'btrugKle 1' \u25a0-*..—;•.— -•
S A VES JWFE, OF v ANOTHER.
BERKELEY, Aug. 9.— Daniel Fair
banks has purchased for. $25,000 the
land opposite- Stiles' Hall, adjacent- to
i.ie . university, and will, remove vthe
shanties on the land, which, for. a" long
time have been an eyeaorel ' The new
owner proposes to -sell .the land for
residences, erecting a. fountain : in the
cejiter of a court, which will -be laid
out at a proper point on the property.
WILL. REMOVE SHANTIES.
OAKLAND, Aug. «.T-Thleves ran
| 'sacked two rooms in the Hotel Crell in.
Tenth and Washington streets, stealing
\u25a0 Jl« from T. C Woods and ?80, a dia
mond stud, an opal stud and some
souvenir coins from H. . S- . Schwatke's
apartments. The burglaries 'occurred
S. between 2 and 4 o'clock this morning.
So quietly were the thefts committed
. . tnat neither Woods nor Schwatke were
ffwakened. The police are at work on
the thefts. SBBHSBHHBMiH
HOTEL THIEVES' AT WORK.
XKW YORK AXD BERMUDEZ
.COMPANY. LODGES PROTEST
.OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— After living to
gether as ; man and wife . for six ' years
utider the supposition that the pur
chase of a marriage license was all, that
was required to ' complete- the" marital
relation, Henry Bleke of Fruitvale and
Elsie Becker were rudery -a-wakened' to
the" realization ~of the fact' to-day, that
they had never. been married.^. •
Bleke was recently left^ a small
legacy in Germany^ and a certificate ;of
his; marriage" was required. -The. license
that was ; purchased had 7 , been .'destroyed
bye 1 fire and . to-day j Bleke* went \ to ; the
Ha 1 1 -of "*\u25a0 Records ito V get a ; copy, ; wit h
the, result : that-; it, led .to ; the
that;. he had a never \ been,' married.":.- He
gOt^ft 'new license andithe, ceremony; so
long ! delayed ia now' to be' performed. .,.
MARRIED BY LICENSE.
OAKLAND, Augr. 9. — Leaving a. num
ber of workmen and material men un
paid and a house, for the erection of
< which he had the contract, uncom
pleted. R. W. Ewing, a contractor re
siding at 2288 Filbert street, San Fran
cisco, has disappeared and his debtors
are searching for him to get money due
for wages and material.
•' ' -living had the contract to huild.^a
; houee for Mrs. Marie Cook at Forty
; first and Howe streets, and had re
ceived the first' two" payments, amount
ing to %ZHQ, when he ' disappeared,
leaving bills for labor and material un
jvdd. The matter has been placed in
: 'the bands of Attorney B. H. Griffins.
.? point -Richmond; Aug. 9.-j^hn
Dunn, foreman oh Healy & Tibbetts' pile
driver, operating at the Standard Oil
Company's wjiarf, was instantly killed
this morning by the accidental... dropping
of- the hammer t on his hjead. Dunn • was
making some repairs attithe | bbttomr of
the piledrjver and- was standing with ibis
head between the framework in which
the hammer rises and falls. Unaccoiint
ably the heavy Iron casting broke 'from
its fastenings and dropped, striking Dunn
before he could be warned of. the peril. t
-.< The accident' occurred shortly : a.fter*; 8
o'clock. Physicians were called but -they
found-that death was instantaneous."— •r*
\u25a0X Dunn : was < 28: years- old, unmarried, ': 'a
resident of * San . Francisco. , He; was -a
member *f Piiedrivers'. Union No. . 2^ /of
San Francisco, and -had been ' in the E
mploy of Healy &! Tibbetts for? eight years.
Coroner Curry: took charge of the body.i
Workmen and Material Men
} .Looking for Contractor
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9.— The Comp
troller of the Currency to-day granted
the Farmers' and Merchants' National
Bank of Santa Ana; Cal.. authority to
orgiinize with a capital of $50,000. J.
A. Turner, James R. Medler, Rufus.H.
Sanborn, John D. Parsons and Carlos
F.iMansur are the directors.
The following appointments have
been made in the rural carrlei force
In California: Fresno — Ira A. Kearns.
carrier; Samuel Martin, ; substitute.
Sebastopol — Ralph R." Hawkins, car
rier; Arthur O. Hawkins, substitute.-.
The following readjustment of post
masters' salaries is announced: Nome,
Alaska, $2«0& to $1800; Ocean Park.
Cal., $1700 to $2200: Dunsmuir, Cal.,
$1-100 to $1500; Tuolumne, Cal.. $1300 to
$1400. rrr •\u25a0 ' :-.
Xcvr. National Bank Authorized for
\u25a0 California and Chanpre* Made fa
\u25a0• Postmasters' • Salaries.
HeavyvUtensiLprops on Head
a of Victim; Causing In-;v
stant Death. ;^
COMMITTEE IS SELECTED
OAKLAND, Aug. 9. — Councilmen
Donaldson and Pendleton have been
named to serve with Acting President
Edwin Meese of the City Council as *a
committee to meet representatives of
the Oakland Traction Consolidated
Thursday evening in conference- aver
the proposed East Fourteenth-street
railroad franchise. The Council has
suggested terms, which to this date the
company has declined to accept. The
purpose of the conference- is to deter
mine whether -there can be found" a
basis of agreement.
\u25a0 The ceremony this evening was per
formed by the Rev. Clifton Macon, rector,
or Trinity Episcopal CJhurch.V 1 The brlde
eroom has erected a pretty bungalow oti
Latimer street, where the young couple
.will make their home on their return
from ' their honeymoon, .
The young lovers remained true Xp each
other, and on attaining his majority GU
pln asked the consent of Mrs. Kelly {o
hie marriage with her daughter. As the
only objection in the former case had
been on account of . the youth ,of . the
couple, Mrs. Kelly at once gave her con
sent and thus the last obstacle -was re
moved.
'.OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— A quiet wedding
to- night at the home of Mrs. "Laura E.
Kelly, 588 Twenty-eighth 'street, marked
the close of a romance which began three
years ago, when Miss Mildred Kelly and
-Lee Gilpin, the son of the late Z. T. Gil
"•'pin, formerly City Treasurer of Oakland,
eloped; and were secretly married in San
Rafael. The cousse of itrup love did riot
run smooth, however, ana on learning of
the secret marriage, the Irate parents of
the bride and g?room, both of whom were
under the legal age, straightway had the
marriage annulled.
DISAPPEARS, LEAVING
MANY BILLS UNPAID
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PILEDRIVER FOREMAN
KILLED BY HAMMER
Lee Gilpin and Mildred Kel
ly Eeaflfinii- Their Broken? j
Vows of Youth.
ANNULLED MARRIAGE
IS CELEBRATED AGAIN
If was declared that scores of prop
erty-owners are ,in this predicament,
and justice to them demanded leniency
on the part of the Board of Education.
Business ' interests also were declared
to be affected by the board's* Insistence
upon the payment of the tuition • tax..
The boardheard these arguments last
night, answered them with counter ar
guments designed to prove the justness
of the \u25a0 Directors' ruling, and;flnally^de
cided to pass the entire matter^ to; the
Board of . To Wn^; Trustees. If the" Trus-f
tees will'appropriate money -enough to
make up~that whlch^ would be Host by
failure to enforce the .tuition tax," the
Scfbool Board will adopt the. suggestion
of -"the- real estate men---other,wise2 not;
BERKELEY, Aug. 9.— The Board of
Education listened to arguments last
night made by real estate men, who
desire the board to refrain from col
lecting tuition from high school
pupils whose parents reside- in Berke
ley but may not be registered here. The
real estate men adopted resolutions re
cently* declaring that the School Di
rectors* action in collecting $50 a year
from each high school , pupil thus situ
ated worked a. hardship upon people
who are actually residents of Berkeley,
even though the father of the family
may not be a registered voter in the
town; . \u25a0\u25a0 -..-\u25a0\u25a0- .'.--.
WOULD JOIX ALAMEDA COTWTY.
OAKLAND. Aug. >. — Because, thay,
say.' the roads of Contra Costa Counts
are In such bad condition that tt la al
most impossible to drive over- them*
and because the Supervisors of J tha
county have tajcen no notice of repeat
ed protests against their condition, a
delegation of the citizens of Orinda
Park, just across the Alameda County
line, last night requested the directors
of the Merchants' Exchange of Oakland
to assist them In having the lines of
this county so changed as to. Include
Orinda Park in the limits of Alameda
County. The members of the com
mittee which made the request were
It. E. Roland and H. Brockhurst. Tha
matter was referred to. Secretary . Wil^
bur Walker to inquire Into the law
governing- the annexing of the terri
tory of one county to another.
Charles Roeth was awarded a contract
o for the 'construction of the Golden Gate
fire engine" house after a. lively discussion
.concerning the. methods of the contractor
In the pact, to' which members of the
board took exception.
- It was also recommended lhat Tfalr
' t'eenth street be opened easterly from
.Fallon street to Twelfth street dam on a
curve, this being part of the general plan
or improvement of the lake and the
boulevarding and \u25a0 parking south of the
darn.
.- OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— The Board of Pub
lic Works. In line with Mayor Mott's
.plans for public Improvements, recom
. mended to-day that th» City Council take
eteps to continue the construction of the
Lake Merrltt boulevard on the east side
of the lake, extending along Lake Shore
avenue -end the extension of Pleasant
Valley road as far as Perry street The
plan Is to have one-half the 150 feet width
> driveway built at the expense of the
"abutting property owners and the other
half of cost met by the city.
Real Estate Men Fail to
3love. Berkeley Sch6ol Au
thorities by Arguments.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
; .WILL COLLECT TAX
Board of Public Works Rec
ommends Construction,
of the Extension.
HELENA, Mont., Aug. 9.— ln th« trial
of R. M. Cobban in tbe United States
court, charged with subornation of per
jury in connection with timber land en
tries. Congressman Joseph AI. Dlxon of
Montana was .nut on the. stand to-day
to Impeach the testimony of Cbauncey
L-.Grlswold, chief witness for the Gov
ernment. Griswold has testified in the
trial that before he : signed an affidavit
which was given, to Special Agent Seeve
ly of the Interior Department, and on
which the prosecution is based, he had
submitted the affidavit to Dlxon and the
latter had advised him to sisn it.
Dixon testified to-day that GrisTrold
never told; him of or - showed him the
affidavit, and he bad given him no ad
vice about it. He said Griswold had ask
ed him to take a civllcase against Cob
ban and he had declined/as he' was about
to attend a session of the Legislature and
could not attend to the ; business. This
conversation occurred in December, and
it was the following April when" the
affidavit was adopted. \u25a0
All the evidence in ' the case was con
cluded to-day and the defense offered to
put in the record the case of the United
States against Clark, which has been de
cided against ihe Government. Judge
Hunt took the offer under consideration.
The case will- go to the jury on Fri
day. - \u25a0"'•-. '
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 9. — The Board ofl
Supervisors has instructed and author
ized District Attorney Boyd to havo
special policemen stationed throughout
the county to enforce tha local and
State laws regulating tha speed of au
tomobiles and to prevent them run
ning .over prohibited roads. . The citi
zens and taxpayers of the county ar a
determined to stop travel over the pro
hibited roads. ? :;.'\u25a0::
WILL WATCH AUTOMOBILISTS.
TO CONTINUE THE
LAKE BOULEVARD
Takes the Stand in the Land
Fraud Case in
Montana.
CONGRESSMAN DIXON
. JzilN x Jjlto A JJIliiN IAIJ
' * FREE LIBRARY REPORT.— Oakland, *Aus.
9. — Charles's. Greene, librarian of the' Free
Public Library, has" filed- bis annual report,
showing that there are 40,50 a books catalogued,
as against 38.121 "at last":count. Greene rec
ommends the expenditure of. at least "SSOOO
annually for. new books. - During the year ,200.
000 books were circulated for home use,' an in
crease, of .27,702 over previous year. -
'CHARGED WITH SWINDLING.— OakIand,
'Aug. 9. — J..G.,Hennlnger was arraigned Uo-day
before (Justice James .G. Quinn' on dchargp of
swindling J. A. Finke out of- $250 by misrep
resenting the" worth* of mineral springs ~^>rop
erty at-Glenwood, Lake-C ounty. -If Is alleged
Henninger induced Finke to<put up the' money
as - a'- guarantee, . and -. that Finke foupd the
springs to btf worthless. Examination was set
for- August 19- •\u25a0/- ' •?}
.; INSURANCE MA>T . OFFERS PRIZE.—
Berkeley,' Aug. 9.— The University Chronicle
Issued \u25a0 to-day < contains 1 - the announcement <"that
Wilbur SL'Tupper,' vice president of the "Con
servatlvel-.Life Insurance Company of Los^-An
geles, has offered a prize of $100 for tbefceat
paper \u25a0 submitted in an essay competitionvon a
topic connected with life insurance. Th« de
tells of the- contest, as to. length of the ejssay,
eligibility and the ilka, are to be decided by
*he faculty of the College of. Commerce. Presi
dent Wheeler has appointed as Judges Profes
sor A: C. Miller. ,Wifbur S."Tnpper and Pifdfes
sor 'A. :-. W.".-. Whitney. \u25a0• \u25a0",:. .-.'\u25a0'\u25a0 , "~-y"'
BODY IDENTIFIED. — Point Richmond,
Aug. 9. — A body found last night floating in
the bay was 1 identified to-day as that of Einil
\u25a0 Johnson, .. a deckhand, who was drowned Au
gust .I. by- falling trom the dredger- Caledonia,
which la doing Government work in San Pablo
Bay, off Point pinole, . ;£,
FIRE IN FOUNDRY.— Oakland, Aug. 9. —
Fire to-night' started near the- furnaces in the
foundry of H. N. Dalton & Sons, Cedar street,
near Tenth. The flames w«re under good head
way, but were prevented from, spreading be
yond control by use of apparatus at the
works. The loss was not heavy.
" 'CONDITION IS UNCHANGED.— OakIand,
Aug. ». — Dr.' O. D. Hamlln, ! who Is attend
ing \u25a0 Supervisor J. M. Kelley, who Is ill with
typhoid, fever at Providence Hospital, reported
to-day that tbe crisis in the disease had not
yet been reached, and ' that there is little
change in the condition of the patient.
i EDITORS WILL VISIT ALAMEDA.— Ala
medtu" Aug.. y. — Arrangements have been made
by Manager- J. H. Hartog of the Alameda Ad
vancement Association and a number ot, pub
lic spirited' residents to show the members of
the ' South Carolina Editorial Association. I . now
touring California, the beauties of thls : city
to-morrow. The visitors are expected. to com*
to' Alameda after "doing" Oakland.
JUDGE DELIVERS TEMPERANCE LEC
TURE. — Alameda,' Aug. 9. — City Justice R. B.
Tappan to-day sentenced William Burns to
.three months in the County Jail for being a
common i drunkard, and in doing so read \u25a0 the
defendant a severe lecture on temperance, say
insr that, if he were, empowered to do. so he
•would - punish common, drunks ;by -."laying on
the holy rod and using;less of Holy -Writ"
PIONEER "WOMAN DlES.— Oakland, Aug.
0. — Mrs. Anna Mathews, who had resided near.
Elmhurst' since 1854.' died suddenly this
morning at the Mathews ranch. Mrs. -Mathews
was -60 years old, a . native of - Ireland.- She
leaves four children. . . .. . . . r ,\
, RABBI FRIEDLANDER ON WAY. HOME.
Oakland, Aug. 0. — Rabbi Marcus Frledlander,
pastor of the First , Hebrew Congregation of
Oakland, is on his way home from the East,
where he has been spending his -vacation. It
.is expected that he ; will reach this city to
morrow. • .
MINISTER TO BE EXAMINED.— OakIand.
Aug. 9. — Charles Benedict, a Christian Science
healer, will be examined August 22 in the Po
lice Court on a charge of attempted extortion
made by his former partner, John 8.. Guest.
CITY TRUSTEES AS. EQUALIZERS.—AIa
meda, Aug. 0. — Commencing next Monday the
City Trustees will meet as a Board of Equal
lzatiqn. and continue their sessions from day
to day until all business that comes before
them in transacted.
WILJ, PAY BILLS UNDER PROTEST.—
Oakland, Aug. ». — The Board of Public Works
to-day ordered water bills paid under protest,
pending the litigation over rates in tha United
States Circuit Court. : .
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 9. —
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner, chaplain
of the Stanford Memorial Chapel, has
returned from his summer vacation and
will resume the regular Sunday ser
vices September 3. Services through
the vacation have been confined to tha
daily organ recitals. Upon the open-
Ing Sunday Dr. Gardner will deliver a
special matriculation address, largely'
for the benefit of those who have but
lately become members of the univer
sity, community. Dr. Benjamin C-
Blogett will assist with an organ j re
cital and will be accompanied by th«
large student choir.
CIIAPJLAI.N GARDNER RETTRXS.
OAKLAND, Aug. _9. — A story was
started to-night to the effect that Chief
of Police . Hodgklns had tendered his
resignation to Mayor Mott. This is de
nied, by Mayor Mott and Chief Hodg
kins.
SEEMS TO BE UNTRUE.
Dr. and Mr?. H. B. - Mehrmann leave this
wefk for a trip through Yellowstone Park and
th«nce on to"' Portland, where : they will •• be
Joined by Mis* Lou Curdts and Mies Hel£s
Mehrmann. ' \u25a0••: ? •\u25a0••.': •..*»;•..\u25a0..
Athens Parlor, JJ~" S: O. W..' moved' into
large Fraternal Hall to-day, having outgrown
its old headquarters <in - th«- same building.
This parlor Is becoming a - tactor -In social
activity here and now. that the members "ars
comfortably located In more spacious rooms,
they are already planning things for the win
ter. They have purchased a f)n« new banner
and carriage which they will take with them
to Sacram«nto for the grand Admission day
celebration. Ben Woolner, . Frank Garrison
and Frank- Graham , are - Among - the Native
Sons who are Interesting themselves actively
in the comine celebration. '.•.-.?
A Saturday to Monday house 'party was en-
Joyed by a number of. young people last week
by the Invitation of Miss lima Chase of Linda
Vista, .at the ". Bracn ;-cottase qu£ on the
heieht* near the Joaquln Miller place. Mrs.
J. M, Chase chaperoned tbe party, which in
cluded Miss Chase, Miss Burnham, Miss Au
gusta Braun. \u25a0 Henry Chase, Herbert Brown
and Paul Dtasmore. ... ... - . *
Miss G&Fklll 'was again -t©-d«.y the object
of complimentary attention, \u25a0 Mrs. -.Wickham
Havens being, hostess at a very charming
luncheon In her honor. The pretty dining
room at Thorndale formed a pleasing back
ground for the group of smartly gowned young
women who gathered about the table. Tiger
lilies were used with striking effect In the
decorations. The luncheon guests were: Miss
Gaekin.. Miss Gertrude AHrti. Miss Bessie
Palmer, Mr». Irving Lundborg, ' lira. D. A.
Proctor. Mrs. Edward Engs. Mrs. Harold Hav
•\u25a0 ns and Mrs. Mcnt< 11 Taylor. . . \u25a0
gatnef?nfc at the residence of MJsg Gertrude
Allen on Jackson street." It was Just a tele
phon* affair, but Miss Allen is always an
admirable hostess and the -beautiful Alien
home, an ideal place In which to entertain.
The guests were all close friends, so the even
ing: waa naturally a pleasant one. Five hun
dred km played, prizes being awarded -Mr.
*nd Mrs. Wickham Havens, Miss Lucretla
Burnham, Mr*. , Harry Farr,, Dr. Percy Gas
kill and Mr. Irving- Lundborg. Arthur Geissler
and his fiancee. Miss Carol Moore — who Is an
unusually pretty girl — were *ueats. at the-Al
ien affair and were fairly overwhelmed with
congratulations.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— A wedding Is such a
common occurrence' In ' Oakland that it muit
be a popular girl, .who cauSei society to btstlr
itself in the very, height of.»tb« lazy season,
and tliat, is. what Mlsa- Edith Ga«kfll * has
done. During this lass fortnight of . her girl
hopd-km"^August :21 she will, beconia ' itra.
Roy McCate — her ' friends 'are' vying With jSone
another to make \u25a0 the"' days memorable.' ljast
night she whs » the guest of honor, \u25a0 with "fter
liaaeo at Hhe JoUiest • kind of .an.lnformal
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE.
SAN LEANDRO, Aug^ 9. — The big
carnival and street fair for which the
Native Sons and Daughters of Alameda
County have been* preparing for months
past will open to-morrow evening:. It} Is
expected that Governor Pardee will for
mally open the fair, and an address-will
also . be -made by Congressman Joseph
R. Kno-wland.- • ' -..-......
GOVERNOR MAY OPEX PAIR.
The men who have charge of the va
rious sessions of the conference are:
A. W« Bartlett. Bible study; C. W. Bat
dorf, membership; Holmes Beckwlth,
missionary; H. M. Clifford, social; P.
M. Cassudy. finance; E. B. Babcock,
meetings; W. Clyde Smith, \V. J. Mus
grrove. F. E. Collier and E. K. Strong,
special topics. It is expected that J.
L. Kennedy, '00, a lawyer of San Fran
cisco, will deliver an address to the
fellows on Sunday evening.
The association's "jolly-up" will be
heia next Monday evening at Stiles
Hall. Here the freshmen will be
taught the college yells, songs, etc.
The workers will have their tramp
conference next Friday at noon. The
youths will tramp in the afternoon
through Mill Valley and up Mount
Tat.ialpais, and will camp at night at
Rock Spring. They will reach Bolinas
Bay, where there is good swimming,
on Saturday. Camp will be made for a.
stay over Sunday.
BERKELEY, Aug. S. — Freshmen who
are thus early making their appearance
on the campus have the attention of
the T. M. C. A. workers, who are keep
ing open house for the newcomers, aid
ing them in finding boarding-houses,
securing employment for those who
purpose working their way through
college, and assisting the intrants in
otitr «a.vs. \u25a0•?."" i : :.
ELECTED BRIDE
POPULAR WITH
SOCIETY FOLK
A. Workers.
Xewcomers on Campus Taken
in Charge by Y. M. C.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9. — Hidden' in a
tangle of bushes less than fifty feet
from the spot where- Thomas W. Cook
jvas beaten to death two 'weeks ago, a
black mask such as is commonly worn
by footpads was found yesterday by
eight year old .Christopher Elfele, the
son of Christopher Eifele, who lives on
the corner of the old county road and
Fruitvale avenue. \u25a0\u25a0 .- •
, .The boy was playing Avith several
others* and in running through the
brush he. discovered the mask tangled
in the branches of a bush. The mask
forms one of the strongest . links of
evidence so far Secured against John
Schneider, who with George Blaker
and Percy Pembroke has; been charged
with the murder of Cook, for it was
positively identified to-day by James
Crowhurst, the leader of 'the gang of
desp.erate young criminals, as one that
he had given "to Schneider a few days
before^ Cook was held ; up. Crowhurst
was not informed that the, mask had
been found near the scene^ of the
crime, but was simply asked" if he had
ever seen the article and he at once
said that he had made the mask and
had afterward given it to Schneider.
"When Chris Eifele found the . mask,
he took it at once to' his father, who
later turned it over to Constable Tom
Carroll, and it was by the latter that
the identification was made, complete.
The finding of the mask at this time
is most Important, as, with the testi
mony of Crowhurst it connects Schnei
der directly with the planning of the
crime; and proves that he went into the
venture prepared to conceal his iden
tity. The fact that. Crowhurst knew
nothing of where the disguising bit
of cloth had been found Indicates that
he was telling the* truth when he said
that it was the property of "Schneider.
ful Murderers of 'J'Uomas VV. Conk.
Believed to Have Been Used by Youth-
• These were presented to Judges John
Ellsworth, B. F. Ogden, Henry tyelvin
and W. *H. Waste, sitting: -in bank in
Judge • Greene,'s department, and , they
were ordered spread upon ; the minutes
of the dour t. lEollowlns; /this j order Attor
neys Glascock and Davis spoke, and all
of the courts were then-declared ad
journed until Friday morning. v
In regard to. the preparations for at
tending the' funeral,' it was decided that
the members of the'v; Bar ' Association
should assemble at the Fourteenth street
station to-morrow, afternoon at \: 1 :20
o'clock and proceed to San. Francisco in
a bp'dy. -- — •*.•. • "; ; ' v; •\u25a0;•>,•' \ , -.'\u25a0_>.' -v :• ' t £ ,
Resolved. That these resolutions be 1 , spread
upon tha minutes of the Oakland Bar Asso
ciation, be prec^ited to the Superior Court.of
this county, and that an engrossed copy there
of be sent to the family of our deceased
-brother.' ' . *''-'.; *• .'-'\u25a0. \u25a0.;'*.^- > *-•'»\u25a0<*.
a. Resolved further, "That members of the' Bar
Association • and members. of ths bar ; otiAla
iued* County unite in attending the funeral.
• As members of the- bar of this- county we
Join with the -public in • expressing sorrow, for
the great losa we have- sustained, and .we ten
der Judge Greene's family our eincereut sym
pathy in their bereavement. ':"-,
Though acting in a Judicial capacity, for over
a quarter of a century we have yet- to hear
the slightest criticism of bis- integrity. Pre
siding over some of the most Important trials
ever had in this county his intelligence, dig
nity and absolute -impartiality are perpetuated
in the records of his court. - He leaves a name
unsullied, a character unassalled and unassail
able, a heritage to his sons who have followed
him In his chosen profession: \u25a0 \u25a0l\u25a0« ' • -
-Judge Greene's' private life was as."praise
worthy as hid public career.. Devoted \u0084to Ills
.family, a kind husband and fatber and a good
,-cltUen, he stood arming us a man 'of ~ Intelli
gence, strength and honor. His Judicial .•' ca
reer is worthy cf emulation by every lawyer
in the State. • -. \u0084
-.OAKLAND, Aug. ».— The Alameda Bar
Association paid its respects to the mem
ory of the late- Judge W. E.- Greene this
morning in resolutions and eulogies, and
to-morrow will attend his funeral at the
First Congregational Church in San
Francisco in a body: Nearly "every lawyer
in th» city assembled - -in Department 5
of the-Superior Court and.li6*ened to At
torneys John R. Glascock and "William
R. Davis express themselves In. terms of
highest respect to the sterling qualities
that endeared, him , to many and put him
in the foremost rank- of \u25a0jurists. ' .
- The Bar Association was called to order
by. President George W. Reed, who- an
nounced that yesterday, he. had appointed
a 'cdmmuteeV--cohsVsli'ng- of -Attorneys M.
C. Chapman, John R. ;• Glascock and
George E. -de Golia, to • draw up a set of
resolutions' to present to "the Superior
Judges, sitting in bank, anu. he asked .for
the resolutions; which" were as follows:
• The members of the bar of Alameda County,
In meeting aßsembled.-'voice the sentiments of
th« bar «f the entire State, thus -formally, but
with sincere;- 1 regret, . in expressing their pro
found sorrow caused by -the death. of the Hon.
William Ellsworth Greene after 'a-. long and
moct honorable career. No man ever occupied a
portion on the bench of the- State of California
who .commanded more respect, or who was en
titled to receive. more universal commendation
for his ability, ' capacity and integrity than
Judge Greene. \u25a0 Beginning his judicial career
when be ascended .the bench of " San Joaquin
County, he was subsequently elected Judge i>f
the Superior Court of Alameda | County and
ha« served this community well and, faithfully
sinee -18S0. " •\u25a0•\u25a0' • • • --\u25a0 \u25a0-•\u25a0:•.
FKESIDTEN EECEIYE
SOCIAL ATTENTIONS
FOOTPAD MASK FOUND BY BOY.
OAKLAND, .Aug. 9. — -Only a mass of
..smoking ruins remains of the' house,
barng and other buildings on the ranch
of Daniel Reilly, located in Redwood
Canyon, wnich were totally destroyed
to-day by a forest fire which broke
out yesterday morning at 9 o'clock.
The fire is still raging, and other
ranches are threatened with destruc
tion. Reilly's loss' will % amount to
thousands of dollars, as eVery building
on the ranch fell a prey to the names.
, REIM/V'S HOME BURNED.
After the good things were disposed
of Frank J. Griffin in a titling speech
presented Fitzpatrick with a hand
somely engraved monogram gold ring
on behalf of his fellow employes. Fitz
patrick has been promoted to man
ager of the Sacramento Gas, Electric
and Railway Company and he leaves
many friends behind him. Wallace)
Foster succeeds him as manager. Those
present were: Manager Wallace Foster,
A. F. Irwin, J. Griffin. Peter Begley.
Arthur' Hogan.. J: S. Kaneen, Charles
oiura. Frank Wise. Oliver Sirard, Fred
Howell. Carl Guide, Charles Vorlander,
A 1133 Finlayson and — - and Mrs. T. B.
Fitzpatrick. iVJ.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 9. — T. E. Fits- j
Patrick, the retiring manager of tha
San Rafael Gas and Electric Light Com
pany, was given a pleasant surprise
last evening by his employes. He was
busy until late and when he went into
the rear office and turned on the lights
a' table heaped with the choicest viands
and edibles, surrounded -by his em
ployes, with one vacant place for him,
met his gaze. .• -'-
Employes of the San Rafael Gas and
Electrle Light Company Honor
T. E. Kltzpatrlek.
Alaineda Bar. . Association
\u25a0\u25a0[ .Passes Resolutions; in
; His Praise. :-V: -V
PRESENT ItKTl it l.\f. MANAGER
WITH A HANDSOME GOLD RING
OYSTER BAY, Aug. 9.— President
Roosevelt will leave Oyster Bay to
morrow morning on what probably will
be the last trip be will make during
his summer sojourn i ~ Sagamore- HilL
Late to-morrow afternoon he will de-
Irver an address to the United Mine
Workers and members of the Catholic
Total Abstinence .* Union at "Wllkes
barre, Pa., and at 10:30 o'clock on Fri
day he will speak before the Chautau
qua Assembly at Chautauqua, N. V. .
This cablegram was in reply to one re
ceived from his Holiness Plus X, the
contents of which' will not ye made pub
lic until to-morrow.
To His Holiness Piu.x X, Rome: The Cath
olic Total- Abstinence Union of America, al
ready blessed by Leo XIII. and numbering
more than 80,000 members, being: assembled
In the city of Wllkesbarre. in the diocese iof
Scrattton, and honored by the presence of hi*
Eminence Cardinal . Gibbons and President
Roosevelt, return thanks to your Holiness for
your blessing, just received, and extends lta
best wishes.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Aug. 9.— -Over
800 delegates to the national conven
tion of the Catholic Total- Abstinence
Unions of America assembled at St.
Mary's Church to-day to attend pon
tifical high mass celebrated by Bishop
Hogan of the Scranton diocese. Bishop
Canevin of Pittsburg, the national.pres
ident, presided. In responding to the
address of welcome he -spoke of the im
portance of the convention, owing to
the coming of President Roosevelt and
Cardinal Gibbons.
The, afternoon session was made not
able by the presence of Cardinal Gibbons.
The Cardinal delivered a short address.
Soon after. Cardinal uiboons arrived
there was dispatched from the convention
hall the following cablegram:
LAWYEKS EULOGIZE
LATE JUDGE -GEEENE
President Roosevelt and Car
; (JinaU Gibbons to Ad
• dress Delegates.
FAMOUS ATHLETE WHO IS GOING
'TO CHIXA 'AS A CHRISTIAN
MISSIONARY. '\u25a0\u25a0••\u25a0 ••-=•
CONVENTION OF TOTAL
ABSTINENCE UNIONS
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 9. —
The manager of the Glee and Mandolin
clubs of the Nebraska University, Mar*
tin H. Dirks, visited Manager R. W.
Barrett of the Associated Students o£
the Stanford University to-day In an
attempt to arrange for a concert to be
held here next spring.
The University of California has con
sented to the use of the amphitheater
upon April 26, 1903. and Dirks deslrea
to give a performance here on the 23th.
of the same month. The affair will b«
held under the auspices of the boatlnj
club and part of the receipts will b«
turned over to that organization.
It will be the first time that an East
ern college has sent any group of col
legian performers as a body to tour
this coast. The Nebraska Club wIU
travel south, visiting Los Angeles first,
and then proceed up the coast, visit-.
ing Stanford, California, Portland and
Washington.
The matter will appeal favorably to
the student bodies of California and
Stanford especially, as in these two
Institutions the Glee and Mandolin
clubs have always been the center o£
interest of the college life. The local
club has toured extensively upon tha
coast, . but has as yet never Included
any Eastern university In Its tour.
Mill Valley Is building good streets
and having the "streets where traffic
is heavy thorough oiled with heavy
crude oil. The funds for this purpose
have been exhausted and the levying
of a special tax will- permit the con
tinuance of oiling.
MILL VALLEY. Aug. 9.— The Board
of Trustees of this town at a meeting
Tuesday, evening passed an ordinance
calling for a special election to be held
Saturday, August 2S, for the purpose
of deciding whether or not the town of
Mill Valley should levy a special tax
of 50 cents on each $100 assessed valua
tion for the purpose of raising $4600,
which is the estimated cost of urgent
street improvements during the fiscal
year.; r . •
j Main was formerly, editor and publisher
of the San Jose Herald : and later of the
Watsonville Register. Rogers formerly
owned a lumber yard here and at one
time, was a member of the City Council..
Sheriff Traf ton of Santa Cruz \u25a0 arrived
on the afternoon train and placed Main
under arrest. Main at once secured his
release on $5000 brands, with E. W. Jack,
George Y. Bollinger, John T. Sullivan and
A. H. .Robertson as sureties. . - •
Rogers went to San Francisco this aft
ernoon, and after taking Main into cus
tody Sheriff Trafton left at once for that
city to search for Rogers.
• Main and Rogers were both before : the
Santa Cruz Grand Jury last week and
examined on the matter on which the
indictments are based. The stockholders
of the transportation company alleged
that stock had been juggled on the. books
and money appropriated to the extent of
many thousands -of dollars.
' Main would not discuss. the matter fur
ther than to say -that an examination in
court would show that all the books were
straight \u25a0 and that ; no funds ; were misap
propriated.' / •
.SAN- JOSE, Aug. 9.— H. H. Main,
former secretary of the Watsonville
Transportation Company, was arrested
here this afternoon on an indictment re
turned by the Santa Cruz County Grand
Jury charging him with falsifying the
books of the company. An Indictment
was also returned against W. J. Rogers
of . this city, former president "" of the
transportation company. - .
Special Dispatch to T»* Call
, District Attorney Allen conducted the
proceedings for the prosecution, this
morning. After the preliminary for
malities had been covered.Blaker's'ex
amination, was set for August 18, to be
followed by. the Schneider hearing Au
gust 211 Pembroke will have his pre
liminary hearing last, beginning Au
gust 24. v : .
James Crowhurst has not- been
charged with complicity Cook
murder. He will be arraigned to-mor
row, on a charge of robbery, the hold
up of Edward Stanley, a barber, sev
eral months ago being the offense lalo.
at his door. Elmer Crowhurst, James'
brother, 15 years old, who has given
much information, to the Sheriff Con
cerning the unlawful work of -the "Jim
Crow" gang, is held without formal ac
cusation. . •
It was upon .request of A. L.' Frick,
attorney for Blaker, that the courtroom
was cleared of spectators. Attorney L.
S. Church, who appeared for Pembroke,
made a like request. Schneider was
not represented by counsel and said he
did not know when one would take his
case.
The prisoners were in charge of Sher
iff Frank Barnet, Deputy Sheriff White
and Constable Thomas Carroll of Fruit
vale. . - ;> : :
OAKLAND, Aug. 9. — In a courtroom
cleared of a throng of curiosity seekers
George W. Blaker, John Schneider and
Percy Pembroke were arraigned to-day
before Justice of the Peace W. R. Geary
in East Oakland on a charge of having
murdered Thomas W. Cook July 22 at
Fruitvale. * ;; _i ',
Since the inauguration of the new
system the indigent work in the. dis
tricts of Supervisors Kelley. Mitchell
and Rowe has been placed entirely in
charge of the indigent committee, and
while only a small percentage of the
total number of cases h:is so far been
investigated, enough hus been accom
plished to demonstrate that the new
system .is a*6Uccess. Under the former
\u25a0 •system, when application for aid was
made directly to th</ Supervisors, it was
impossible, owing to the large number
of cases, for thfe Supervisors to make a
"thorough investigation in cadi .case,
and many abuses of county aid were
possible by unprincipled I people.
The members of the indigent commit
tee of the Associated Charities are &cv.
Charles T. Waikley. rector of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, Arthur Pasheira and
Miss Fannie VW. McLean. '-.-..
OAKLAND. Aug. 9. — One month of
investigation' of the claim of indi^ents
of three of the supervisorial districts of
Alarneda County by the indigent com
mittee of the Associated Charities has
demonstrated that the new system. In
augurated on Juiy 1, 13«03. is a complete
Mjcuees. Since: this work was taken
vp l>y the association 225cas«s have
} «-en Investigated by Miss C. Anita
V» r hitr.vy, the secretary of the Associ
ated Charities, and Miss Helen Swett,
her assistant, and indigent relief has
been discontinued in sixty-eight of
t'uese. This means a saving to the
county of more than "5 per cent in the
eases so fir investigated by the com
mittee. ' '.
Special. Diepatch to Th« Call.
6p«cial Dispatch to The Call.
Special Tax May Be Levied
to Continue Improvement
Work During Fiscal Year
Claim Is Made That "Books
of Corporation Have Been
Falsified by the Defendants
Many Cases Discovered in
Which Assistance Asked
For Was Not Necessary
Manager of Eastern College m
Musicians Makes Arrange
ments for Entertainment
Attorneys for Two of the
Youths Cause a Crowd of
Idlers to Be Dispersed
ACCUSED ENTEE DENIAL
CLEAE THE COURTROOM
TO COME IX THE SPRING
MORE FUNDS REQUIRED
Trio of Prisoners Face Ar
raignment on Accusation
I of Slaying Thomas W. Cook
Streets of Thriving Little
Town Are Being Treated
Liberally With Crude Oil
ABUSES ABE CORRECTED
Work of Indigent Committee
of Associated Charities
Saves Money for County
Secure the Indictment of
Two Former Officers of a
/ Transportation Company,
Singers and Performers., of
University of Nebraska
Plan to Visit Stanford
BEUKELET. Aug.- 9.— The vigor, nerve I
and grit that helped make Roy Service;
one of the most famous athletes that .
ever cracked iccorda at the University;
of California have inspired him to under- '
take a feat considerably more difficulty
and dangerous than any exploit of his i
college cays— the feat of christianizing a
part of the. great Chinese empire, which '
hitherto has been almost entirely without j
the pule of missionary effort. i I
Service is planning: to go as a mission- I
ary to China under the auspices of the
Younp Men's Christian Association, and
also in connection with the student vol- I
unicer movement, which latter has en- 1
listed the services of a number of bril- i
llant . and notable collegians throughout
America for duty as missionaries in for
eign fleld9. . • !
The fle;<l which Service will enter in
<:!iir.a lies almost 2000 miles from the sea
ccast, uy one of the Chinese riv<T6 to a
point so remote from the. outside world 1
as to call for courage and faith on the j
part of the Christian pioneer who sets
foot in its precincts. Service has the
courage and also the confidence, and will
soon be on his May to the field that he
has taken a contract to evangelize.
In his day at the University of Califor
nia Service was a crack athlete, a swift
runner, who upheld the honor of the uni
versity in many a . hard-fought, .contest
with Stanford and with colleges in the
East. He broke the -record in a half-mile
dash on the Pacific Coast, his mark, of
1:56 stilt standing for-«p<-edy men to aim
at Jn intercollegiate contents. He was the
crack short distance sprinter .selected 'to
accompany the University of California
team on Its* famous trip East in 1900,
when Princeton, Pennsylvania and other
universities competed ,with the Western
ers. He graduated with the class of 1900,
winning honors in scholarship as well as
on the field and cinder path. ..
Field of Work 200 d
Miles From the
Sea Coast .
Roy Serv^ce%Cjofng
as Missionaryv y
to China. v I
SYSTEM PROVES
GREAT SUCCESS
MILL VALLEY
IS PROGRESSIVE
GLEE CLUB WILL
TOUR THE COAST
MURDER CHARGE
AGAINST BOYS
ATHLETE TO WRESTLE
WITH PAGANISM.
STOCKHOLDERS
FILE CHARGES
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THE .SAN/ FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY. AUGUST 10, 1905.
6
f^ADTTp'O tfceseXittfe? Pills 7
WMjjlt LilO Tliej also reUere Dis-
: "S|r»»TSi£ dijestloQ ana Too Hearty
ia |\/ C D Zzttns. A perfect rein-
mk »\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 o efl y r '»Dt22laes3.NaQ3ea,
ra'PILLS. Bad Taste
Jpl Eg la tho Mouth, Coated
Tccjris. Pain la the Side.
L - - — — \u25a0\u25a0' torpid rtrvsn. THey
regnlate tie 3owels. Purelj Vegetabla.
SMALLPiLL SffiyLLDOSLSHttLPinGL
tCARTERSI CURE SICK 12 *
rarrTiE ' Genuine Must Bear-
1 PILLS 1 aß "^ n "l e S'Snatt" 1 »
1 /&**>&££**£
« «...HELENA, .Mont.. Aug. ft. — The State Board
of Equalization to-day after hearing ;G;; S.
Fernald of the Northern Pacific, R, A.»WI|.
klnson of the* Greet Northern, J. B. Evans
of the Oregon Short Line, and Charl«a
Schwartz of the Butte. Anaconda and Pacific;
In regard -to' the Montana railroad \u25a0 valua
tions.- decided -to leave -the* assessments 'Stjotrr
the same as Jast year.. \u0084. \u25a0-..
WATER CASE RESUMED.^-Chlef Englnptr
Arthur Adams of the Contra Costa Water
Works, was cross-examined all day yesterday
before Commissioner Heacoc!c- ; by Assistant
City Attorney John S. Partridge In the suit' of
th« Spring Valley Water Company against- the
City and County of San Francisco. The,testi
mony wa* as to the cost of. laying ripe and
other work for the Sprlnc Valley. Company. £
UIVLY KICKED OUT.— Alfred I*. Dllly,
Chinese watchman at the detention ehed. ci:
the Mall <lock, was dishonorably dlArnlis«d
from lh^ Federal service yertertiay by .order
of the Department- of Commerce and Lafici
at Washington. He was lound guilty by the
department' of having, asflsted in ' smuggllns
goods ashore from the steamship f^lberla^ .**
DOUGHERTY BEING INVESTIGATED.^
Albert Dougherty was arrested on Tuesday- by
Policeman Williams at Haight and Stapyan
street*. 'He had been acting In a suspicious
manner, going from doer to door, begging, f.or
a pair of shoes. I!« \vi«s taken before Captain
Burnett, who ordered him locked up without
bail per.ding an invfstlfatlon. ' .... .i..-
JOHNSON HELD TO ANSWER.— Frederick
Johnson, alt&s "Hooknc-pe," - was held to aii
fiirer yesterday by United States Commissioner
Hracock on the charge of counterftltlnif.
Jchnson was arrested tn San- Jose on July.lH*
by United BtMtem Secret S«rviee AgenU Oeorge
\V. Hazc-n and TTiomaa B. Foster for passlnK
f 1 Kilver certificates raised to the denomination
of ClO. •;?• -\-: .-.,-\u25a0 , , ;
CLUNIE MAY BORROW.— Judge CoiTey yes
terday granted permission to E. A. Dridgicrd
and Uurrell C. White; trustees of the Clunle
estate, to lean Andrew J. Clunie $20,000 -at -8
per cent per annum. The loan will be made
v/ith the consent of George A. Clunle. Secur
ity consists of mortgages and two pieces-, cf
San Frsnc-iFCO real estate.
SUES MIXING COMPANY.— AIIie Martin
yesterday brought suit against the Karma.
Mining Company for $10,ti00 damages all#fteu
to have been sustained by the losd of her hue
band, who was accidentally killed at the mine.
It is alleged that the death was due to negli
gence on the part of the company.
WANT ELECTRIC LlGHTS.— Property dwiU
era in the district bounded by Q and S streets
South and Fifteenth and Nineteenth avenue*
have icutknni the Supervisors to have, an
electric light placed on the corner of Eight
eenth avtnu« and S street. A petition was
a.so filed for a light at the "corner of. ValTey
and Castro streets.
PETITIONS IX INSOLVENCY— Petitions
in insolv€ncy were filed yesterday In the Unit
ed States District Court as follows: Nlron C.
and K. H. Kmith (Smith Bros.), hotel-keepers,
K«i HlulT, liabilities, ?K22, assets $317.
<J<--or*e \V. Stone, blacksmith. San Francisw,
liabilities fii'.ts, no assets. i
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
Automobile Run* . Down Boy.
Edward Hollister, H years old, while
riding .i bicycle along (Van Ness ave
nue near McAllister "street, was -run
down by a reckless chauffeur, who sped
his automobile oh' top 'of ; the lad. The
boy was taken to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital and Dr. R. C; Hill treated
him for a series of brutees and also
three fractured ribs. Hollister lives at
234 Dolores street. ..%. j~ \u0084:\u25a0
WILL, ISSUE?.* >EW FORM
OF POSTAL MOXEV ORDER
• -The quarterly meeting of the State
Board of Charities, and Corrections was
held Tuesday- evening- in the Parrott
building. Alr«. .Cafriu G. Rexford x>f
trte< State .jtoard .of Charities of Indi
ana.. Superintendent Frank L. Randall
ot"ihft- Allilrwrsbta \u2666 Sthie .Reformatory,
and .A. J. Plllatniry, secretary of the
fstate Hoard ot. Examiner.s, "were pres
ent. '. • .'\u25a0 -•< * •
>.\WA. Outcs.-tlie ifccrotnrv', presented
a^.report, or; 'liis^ visits , to State, and
CBUtity institutions. .The members of
the'.«bo;irdii'*!ported' having- visited the
Southern •Crtll/orhio- State Hospital, tiie
Kapa, State- Hospltfil, tho Whittier State
feclwol and ithe'Saif 'Quentin prison;
nlsso the county Jails and . hospitals of
theicountics -Riverside, Sah Bernar
dino,-Los "Angelas, .Santa. Barbara and
San«" Francifico?. iind Uhe County Hospital
oftAlameda tqunty.'r , . . \u0084,
*The tent \u2666colony, for ituberollosis at
tlreiMendicino' State Hospital was re
ported as -having proved very satisfac
tory,.". . This 00.10. n y; ots established In
December -"las*, tents being erected on'-a
raised . floof,_. .About fifteen patients who
were afflicted, with* tuberculosis were put
In. these tents. , Some of. the patients have
shown marked •\u25a0 Improvement, having
gained In tlegh, some as high as twenty
pounds. --• , -\u25a0:-'-
.The report states that the. county hos
pitals were ; usuully/in a "fair condition
and t show improvement, the San Joaquln
County Hospital l deserving special no
tice." ••.•«,,'!.--.-
There was ho Improvement noted in
the county \ jails, | which, like the prisons,
are- considered far •' behind what they
ought to be. .\u25a0\u25a0.-•,:.« \u25a0
The monthly. <sensus of inmates of State
institutions. showed ' the following: Total
in' reform schools, 498:. totat in State hos
pitals, 5801; total.i n ..State prisons, 2620;
total in Industrial ' Home for Adult Blind,
108;' total in Horrfe-far Peeble-Mlnded, 534.
HURRYING WORK:, ON XE\V
'IiS'E'TO.THE "VOSEMITE
Cortclyoii Hope* It Will Ue Proof
Asaln<tt Alteration nt Hamls of
' , Forgers. v
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9.— Before leav
ing for his vacation Postmaster General
Cortelyou directed the issuance of a
new form of money order, which, it is
believed, will be proof- against altera
tion at the. hands of forgers. The de
partment -has been greatly annoyed
by the operation of persons who pur
chase money orders for small amounts
and rai3c them, passing them on mer
chants after office hours. Although the
direct loss falls on those who accept
the orders, the department refusing to
cash them .e"xcept as orlgiually drawn,
there has been a heavy indirect- expense
involved .in the pursuit, arrest and con
viction of the offenders.
The form adopted will be issued as
soon as the new plates can be prepared
and other necessary -preliminaries in
the way of arrangements madev
DOUBTFUL OR WORTHLESS ASSETS
Condition of n C'ollnp*ed Knnnna City
Raul; I« >ot . Cheering. ,-.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9. — The Comp
troller of the Currency, to-day made
public a statement showing the condi
tion of the failed- City. National Bank
of. Kansas City.' It classes the assets
as follows: Good, $489,998; doubtful,
J551.8&5; worthless," s7l,sB2.
Charles Loomis and C. H. Pattison
of Kansas City called at the Comptrol
ler's office; to-day and had a. long con
ference with the Acting Comptroller in
regard to. the proposed, organization of
a trust company at Kansas City to take
over the assets and assume the liabili
ties of-Uie-Clty-Natlenal-Bank. -They
were advised that the proposition could
not be entertained in its present form.
Prewltlent Bullock , . Kcturnw From Tour
of the Route n*ins~ Surveyed "" "
Outfof Jnaieiitowii. v-
T. S. Bullock 1 , -president of the Sierra
Railway Cdpipany,* Was 'just returned
from an inspection-" tour of the' r»roposed
rpute of the Ydfeemite Short Line Rail
way, now in "course 'of construction be
tween Jamestowii and 'the boundary 'of
the" national partt.y-; He (> rep'orts t hat the
four surveyins_parti6s now* in the' field
are maklriir"*^rcat"*progres§"with their
work and* everythingryndicate3^that the
new line will -be\qon\p_leted arid ready
for- business ,at*the beginning, of the
tourist season of 1906.
The new road, will .pass through one
of, the most interesting-^scenic^ portions
of the State' anfl t will" have; at" its val
leos-terminais.a>raaenJflceixtJlQi.el,. whjch
the company will build in a big grove
octrees. * \ >, -. yf / \u0084 - v ,_,
Board of .(•iiarities; and Cor
; rectioiisiTJves Account :
of Work. .
JUKES Util'Wl! ox\
STATIC IKBTITIJTIOXS
Professor Bailey has stated his belief
that a university farm should be re
garded as a work shop, and not a model
farm, and that the best results may t>e
expected when students can step from
the farm to the laboratories in connec
tion with the agricultural college on
the campus, where research work
would be done, supplementing the prac
tical work on the farm. If the commis
sion is guided by this suggestion it;is
supposed that the Haywards people will
have the best hope of success.
! Important action is expected to -"be
taken by the commission appointed. to
I select a site for the university farm 'at
a meeting to be held by the commis
sion this afternoon at 2 o'clock in the
Hopkins Institute of Art. Announcfc
| ment was made at the university, yes
j terday that the members of the com
mission will gather In San Francisco
' to-day and supposedly decide between
i the various offers of land for a uni
versity farm site.
The Legislature appropriated J150,
oo<> for this project and appointed Gov
ernor Pardee, President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Elwood Cooper and Profes
sor n. J. Wickson as a commission to
determine the location of the farm." Af
ter the commission had visited sections
of Alameda County and Contra Costa
County, examining proposed sites,
President Wheeler was called East and
the farm mutter was left in abeyance.
With the return of President Wheel
er, and the presence* on the coast of
Professor Liberty Hyde Bailey, direc
tor of tile agricultural college work at
Cornell "University, the university farm
project has been brought to the front
and will now be definitely settled. Pro
fessor Bailey has been asked to. give
the commission the benefit of his ex
perience in such matters, it being .the
belief of President Wheeler that so able
a man could help to guide -the commis
sion aright in the beginning of a work
that is. new in California, but familiar
to Mr. Bailey.
The question that has disturbed the
commission, hitherto has been that of
whether the farm should be adjacent
to the university or in the Interior of
the State. The people of Haywards
have made tempting offers to the com
mission, and offers have also come from
communities in Contra Costa County
that desire the farm to be located near
them. Yolo County has been mentioned
as a strong competitor for the prize,
and other sections of the State are can
didates. - s
Commission Appointed to
Purchase Tract for Uni
versity to Meet To-Day
READY TO BUY
THE FARM SITE
Members of the Stata Board of Oste
pathic Examiners were elected at the
afternoon' session of the .association as
follows: . For, the term expiring In April,
1907, Dr. Isaac Burke of San Francisco and
Dr. J. S. White. of Pasadena; for the term
expiring in. April, iyOB, Drs. W. H. Ivie,
B. P. Snepfierd of San Frj&ncisco and C.
A. Whiting* of I»s Angeies. The new
officers Jelt'cted 1 . for the State Association
are: Dr.-.Ernest Slsson, .president; Dr.
R. D. Emery/ first vice president; Dr. C.
F. Ford, second vice president; Dr. Effle
York, secretary; , Dr. -S. f D. Cooper, treas
urer; D"rs. : 'C. A. Haines. 't. W. Sheldon,
Agnes G. 'Madden, D. L. Tanker and A. C.
Moore,' trustees. \ Drs.- Ivie-; and Tasker
were chosen >to" represent the association
at the -'naiiorial convention at Denver. A
committee on . the atrangoments ; for the
next meeting was also appointed.
.In the evening: about lOu" members "and
their friends gathered at the banquet at
the Occidental Hotel. Prfesident Shepherd
of the local .college acted ,-as toastmaster
and was. erected. with eloquent and.wltty
responses.-- Among the toasts especially
interpsting". weVe YOur Asl'iJociation" by Dr.
E. Sissoif, ."Father of ,'Qateopathy. : Dr.
Still," by. C. Al Moore, ."Pacific College^of
Osteopathy"^ by Dr. C.^A. W.niting, "Cal
ifornia- College of Osteopathy", by, .Dr.
Ettie Yorli, ''Woman's Work In .Osteo
pathy" by- Dr. Etta ;C. »Wakofleld,- "Os
leopathlc Pioneering in California" by Dr.
D. L. Tasker, and "Our Fledglings" ' by
Dr. F. B. Teter. -*..•',\u25a0- *\u25a0 '*', .
Dr. W. J. Hoyden of Los Angeles read
an interesting paper on "Diseases of the
Respiratory, Tract" and Dr. P. B. Shep
herd demonstrated "Sciatica." Dr.. Shep
herd is president of the California College
of Osteopathy.,. .
"Seme Points in Laboratory Diagnosia"
was the subject of an address by Dr. C.
A. Whiting of Los ' Angeles. He urged the
Importance of accuracy" in; diagnosis and
pointed cut the methods of distinguish
ing- between anemia and Chlorosis. Dia
grams .were, used >o illustrate his dis
course, "i X • - -•;
Dr. W. "w. Vanderburgh presented, a
cas-e of hemiplegia and it was discussed
by'jDrsV Sisfeon, Tasker, Meacham and
Sheldon. The latter demonstrated a treat
ment by v.hlch he reduced a subluxation
of the innominate. Various practitioners
joined in the discussion.' "
Scientific. explanations of the results in
many cases were made and shown* to the
convention. '..\u25a0 . -.
Yesterday's session -of the California
OMeopathic Association, occupied
with addresses on subjects" dealing with
the practicing of the /profession, and,! a
discussion of the applieatlori.bf new meth
ods in curing chronic- cases. In> the
afternoon the "election of 6fflcers' for the
ensuing year was held, the meeting con
ciuding with a banquet at t,he Occidental
Hotel.
The board notified the Department of
Electricity ; to\u0094 require" corporations re
moving poles In .theyunderground districts
to "cut them off ritis'h ,'witn the "siaewalks
and not leave _ any .part of the pole pro
jecting.^ !\";:'/i"'
Bids were 'ordered i-invited on August
2o for the b'uidlhg' of a sewer in Sixth
street to be tornpleted in 150 days and a
sewer in PeV&'la avenue to be completed
in ninety days." \ ' \u25a0
Commissioner. Aigeltinger was delegat
ed to arrange for. the purchase of addl
ticnal street. .sweeping apparatus, includ
ing' ten dumping" wagons, ten sprinkling
wagons and 250^ cahs v
A. B. Clute- \y as directed to place cov
ers on his wagons when removing street
sweepings in order to prevent the dust
from flying. -\u25ba
Aigeltinger reported that he had ar
ranged With tho United Kailroads to use
its sprinkling oars' on ; Mission street, j
"C~. K. Brawncr was appointed draughts
man in the Bureau of Engineering at $100
per month.
.Martin J. O'Neil was appointed inspect
or of street sweeping at ?IUO per month.
Flinn & Treaty -were permitted -to
withdraw their "bid f oi' the '• repair of
streets east Nof Van .Ness venue and
Eleventh street, "as". they had b.do n the
assumption, that Market and Folsom
streets were to be kept In repair by the
City Street. lmprovement Company under
a 'previous cxntradt.- The latter company
wa» then awarded the new' contract &t
$23,50u. ' '. • .-; ' \-:'
•The Board of Works "yesterday'adopt
ed a _ resolution tho Board 6f
Supervisors to sell additional municipal
brfnds for street, aud it wer -work. Ac
tioh:was taken v on' a petition, for the ie
paving of Stevenson and Jessie streets
from- First stree" toi New .Montgomery
street 'and othor streets in 'need ofim
pruvement. .<••,., ,- ;\u25a0'- i K *-,\u25a0
some slight trouble with Dr. Herrick.
Dr. William Craycroft and Dr. George
Lovejoy both failed in 1904 merely_,be
causc they had had a little trouble with
Dr. Baird. These men are guilty of un
fairness to the young graduates. Stu
dents have graduated and failed tp gip
a license who could !iave taught almost
every member of the board something
in the practice of dentistry." \u25a0 i
Dr. W. A. Flood came up from Santa
Ana to testify to the fact that he had
seen Dr. Dunn talking to Dr. Papandre
just before the examination in anatoiriy
and that his suspicions were aroused
by this fact. He said that there was
too much whispering by Drs. Dunn, and
Cool with some of tne students during
the examination.
E. Myron Wolf, former attorney; for
the board, told about the prosecution
of all the suits against unlicensed den
tists except that of Dr. Farmer. This
suit was dismissed by Judge Cabani.ss
on the strength of a letter written by
Dr. Baird, which stated that the board
did not want to prosecute.
The commission resumes Its session
at 9 o'clock this morning.
It was during this questioning that
he broke out against certain members
of the Stale Board, his actions indicat
ing that he meant some o£ a the "solid
five." "'College examinations are pass
ed on merit," he said, "but the State
examinations depend on the man's
standing with the board. If he has had
any trouble with certain members of
the board I am perfectly safe in mark
ing him off my list of those who have
passed, for I know that he has no
chance. I can name instances. Dr.
Taylor failed in 1903 because he had
. But this explanation did not satisfy
the commissioners. They wanted to
know why Dr. Coke invariably asked
the student his number before he gave
cut the information. But questions
along this line brought ho answer. Dr.
Coke saying that these were secrets of
his business.
CHARGES UNFAIRNESS.
Dr. Coke told the commission that he
knew the students very well and followed
their lines of work and in this way was
able to tell about what they could do
In the examinations.
In no conversation did I fctate that the
$23<J was to so to Dr. Cool, to Dr. Dunn, to
Dr. Mayhew or to any other membrr of th
board. I did not say to Dr. Varmer that "Dr.
Cool and Dr. Dunn Fay that you are very
lew in your examinations and that you had
better give up the fiZtii." jcot that, nor any
wcrd* to that effect i^asscd my lips.
PAID NOTHING TO DOAHD.
Then Dr. Farmer came to me. He said that
he fc!t that h~ had a Kood chance with tho
board as ihive of them were for him. I asked
him if fci weulu be wi!i!nK to five me ?::50
and leave ii to me to be us^d as I saw fit.
If I <sid not get the license the money was
to be returned to him. He Ilnaliy told me
that he uld net have tJiat much money and
I let St go at that. I did go down to his
office one tvening: in resfxmst to a telephone
call from Ur. Farmer, but the only other
person ili*:re was a lady In the chair. I did
not see this man. John Sal«*. who testified
yesterday that he heard the conversation
thc-i c.
Mr. Farmer ask»rd me if I did not have a
gr»at ceal of influence- with the- board and
I tc'.d him that I had none at all. At this'
time my brother from Oregon was visiting
me. He is a lawyer and I asked him what
he thought the cast was wctln. He told nic
that h'; thought the man had a good claim
and that be would take the case for $SUO. I
toJd him ;iiai Karmtr did not have that much
money. whtreui>un my brothti 6ald that he
wouW lake the case for ?25<J.
.Yesterday's session cf the commission
which is investigating the irregularities
alleged to exist in the State Board of
Dental Examiners was productive of more
siartlina; u-£timonv. Before the wit
nrsres were called. Attorney Sanford Fei-
Ser.baum. acting for Dr. Coke, objected to
iJ>e right of the commission to subpena
witnesses, to force them to testify, or
to conduct this or any other investi
gation, on the giousid that there is noth
ing in the statutes entitling it to sit and
hear testimony.
Then Lit. Coke was sworn and he passed
the lie direct to Dr. George C. Farmer,
by liatly denying that ho. Coke, had
«ver cftVred to fix the board so that a
license would be granted to Farmer for
J2s<'. He denied having told Dr. S. L.
Braseh that he could get him a license
lor 5100 or save him from molestation
by the board.
In turn he charged certain members of
the board with unfairness in passing on
the merits of certain of the graduates.
He refused to answer questions which
referred to his manner of gaining Infor
mation relative to the grading of stu
dents. He said his information was not
irregular, and when interrogated he swore
tilat the exclusive information that he
had did not come from any one member
of the bourd. He would not say why
he asked each student his number be
fore h*« gave the markings.
CORK'S ACTION AXGERS BOARD.
His action ansrered the board and at
the noon recess the members held a con
ference to decide whether they should at
tempt to force the v.-itness to answer
the questions put to him. It was decided
not to compel Dr. Coke to answer any
questions which he thought was secret
to his biifcintsa, but the board reserved
the right to appeal to the Attorney Cen
tral if it became evident that the inves
tigation was blocked because of the wit
ness' refusal to answer questions.
Th* teMlniony of Dr. Coke, th«- dental
•>»lM'lv iiutu and who hnx keen dabbed
••the eixlith member of the board," did
not teud to clear, up the fnveKti^ntion.
He denied any attempt or offer on Ills
part to bribe the bourd or any mem
ber of it. He dinpelled inueh of the
mi»;il''!ob cast on Urn, Dunn and Cool
by the nllecntlons of Dr. Farmer on
Tuesday, when he swore that he had
never had any money transactfonit with
either cf these dentists, except when
they ha .3 paid him money for dental
hnpplie*. He admitted that he Ji:i«l told
I urn.rr that it would coett fZTM to **flx
tSitns*."* but by that term he meant the
;><t»*ible t-ost of attorneys* fees* in a
It-pal action to force the board to srnnt
biiu a lUrii«r. He mine that he had
never intended that any of this money
i>h(»n!d cv to Dm. Cool snd i»niui or nay
ether member of the board.
OFFERS TO PIT Ll* THE MO.\EV.
•"Th<: brother of Ur. Farmer came to
me \u0084*ii-t-t, \u25a0 said Dr. Coke, "and told me
that l>r.~ Farmer had been arrested for |
t.c practice of dentistry without a
license, lie told me that he thought
that his brother had a legal claim
against the board, as he was a grad
uate of a reputable school and it was
only by a mere technicality that the li
cense rs:d not been jrranted in the first
place. He told me that be and Dr.
Farmer were ready to put up the money
that would be necessary to g;et the li
cense. He said that he did not think
the work would be diflicult, because
three members of the board — Drs.
Dunn, Cool and Ifaybew — were in fa
vor of the case. This was In Decem
ber." The witness continued thus:
Cliite Miist Piif Covers on Hi^j
v'Wagoiis . Wiien - 'Reinoviiig
. S weepirigs ; Fr6in Roadways
Appoint a Goiuihittee to Ar
rahgeVfor. .'Next " v -Meeting'
and Close With BaiKiue t
ELECT^ \u25a0 XEW ..'; OFFICERS
Statement That $250 Was Not for a Bribe
Tends to Release Drs. Dunn and
Cool From Suspicion .
of Jrofession Fin
ish :Woi*k i of i Their Reg
ular I '&nual^ Gathering
Works- Coiiiirii^ion Wants
:tb KepaVfiytMore ; Streets
;ih NeeU of^ linprovemeiit
TO BUY mm APPARATUS
Dr. Coke Denies. Charge That He Offered
to ''Fix" Stale Dental Board to
Get Farmer a License. \ ::
PASSES DIRECT LIE
TO HIS ACCUSER
PAPERS READ
BY OSTEOPATHS
ASKS THE SALE
OF CITY BONDS
-.^xi^THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL^THURSDAYvrAUGI JST 1 0; 1905.
7
** 1 give him his Mellin's Food and
he sleeps ' til morning." How many
mothers can say this of their babies?
If your baby does not sleep well it
may be that he is not properly fed.
A poorly nourished baby is a poor
sleeper. Mellin's Pood babies are
good sleepers. Our book the " Care 4
Feeding of Intacts," sent free of chxrg&
Mellin'f Food it the ONLY Infants*
Food, which received the Grand Prize,
the highest award of the Louisiana Pnr-
chase Exposition, St. Louis, 1904. Hith-
er than a sold medal.
MEIXIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
Health and pleasure resort is now open tt>
KUtsts, undrr same management which made
this famous resort so popular last year. The
hotel, cottages bathhouses ani grounds are
lighted by electricity; a new dancing pavilion
hat been erected and good music will be fur-
nished for dancing. Several new cottages have
b«>en erected to accommodate the increased
demand for rooms; also a tennis court , has
been built for lovers of that sport.
Our best advertisement is our table, which
cannot be surpassed. We have our own dairy,
hence we have plenty of frosh milk and cream.
Rates are $12. $14 and Sltt per week: bath
free to regular weekly guests. \u25a0
Postofflce ar>d lone distance telephone In
hotel. For further particulars and booklet ad-
drots R." H. CITRRY. proprietor, or PECK'S
IVTnEAU. 11 Montgomery st. >
d> IS fl Df*C\ h ot springs, sonoma
SK ZJ/t/TiN COUNTY;* only 4% hours
Ull/IV/i/U from San Francisco and
ii 1 1 in. but nine miles staging:
waters noted for medlcinai virtues: best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
nvlmming in Warm Spring Creek: good trout
streams: telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stage?,
round trip from Pan Francisco only 13 50. Take
Tiburon lerry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Kates $2 a day or 512 a week. References, any
cuest of the past nine years. Patronage of
5004 uiipreMHlTited Information at PECK'S
INFORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery et..
Bryan's Bureau. .".0 Montgomery St., or of J. F.
MULGREW. Shnggf. Cal. >
AMERICA*!* CIIKATKST SPA — Any "bne
can afford to co to Byron Hot Springs. Sump-
tuous hotel; wonderful waters. Book'et. week-
end excursion? everything paid. J7 50. Byron
Hot Pnrincs P. O.
Napa Soda Springs
Now" open. The most beautiful mountain
health and pleasure resort. Call Peck's... 11
Montgomery +i.;'cr aiidrets 'John" Jacob's.' 'Prop.
\/ICHY SPRINGS
.Three miles'from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne .baths;'
lovely?? ground*; fishing .and hunting; crystal
cprinss; acccrrHncdalions and table first cla**.
J. A. REDEMEYKH. proprietor.
Klamath Hot Springs.
Fishing, hunting and health resort. Leave
train at Ager. Apply to Peck's Tourist Bureau.
11 Montgomery s=t.. S. F.. or to EDSON
HROS.. Beswick.' Si?k!you County, for booklet.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
.15 different mineral springs; cure for all.
Information at Peck* Bureau. 11 Montgomery
«t.. or at J. MARTEN'S. Bachelor P. 0.. Lake
County. Cal.'. \u25a0 ] I _^
KOWELL ML, WCODWOR H'S ?l*?X
No fojr. Purest sprlns water. Climate riaturni
ionic and \u25a0 invigorator. Residence 30 years. %1
per week. Woodworth & Muller.St.He:ena.Cal.
MISCEIXAVEOUS '
/F&\ \u25a0 Perfect Fitting AgS
JA EYE -IQ
| V GLASSES W
/« $2.50 V*
It Broken Leni23 ra- f^^
L**"' ' pieced 50c-
V S42
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGOR \-
• . tor and Nervine. .
The most- wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic fcr the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican', remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladdsr. Sells on its own merits
,-?* A , BER> ' ALFS '& ' ERITXE. Agents. '
32,> Market St.. S. F. — <Send for Circular.)
AGUA
CALIENTE
SPRINGS
For r?st. health and pleasure, scenery and
climate. The nearest hot sulphur springs to>
. San Francisco; sure cure for asthma, rheuma-
tism, malaria, kidney, liver and stomach com-
plaints. Hot plunges, tub baths and th»
largest mineral water swimming; tank tn th»
State; all baths tree to guests: trained mas*
s«urs and swimmlns teacher. No staging.
Rates, $12 to $14 per week; \u25a0 special to fam-
ilies. THEO. RICHARDS. Aqua CaJi«nte. So-
noma County. Cal.. or PECK'S BUREAU, tl
Montgomery st.
i —— — ~~" ~~— -— ~ ————— — — — — —
ElCarmelosSea
("LITTLE DEL SIONTE")
Is the place to take your family for a quiet Tacatlon
Mitlne. Flshlnc, swlmmine, eolf aud all sports.
Low rates. Address: <iEOR«E H. COKDY/Man-
, sger Hotel El Carmelo, Pacldc Grore, California.
THE LOCATION AND CLIMATE AT
SEIQLEO
SPRINGS^
Are so beautiful that 30 guests are now sleep-
ins out in the open. .. Natural hot baths and
wonderful stomach waters. Shimming pond.
Rates. $10 ard $12 per week. Baths free.
Booklets at PECK'S. 11 Montgomery, or H. H.
MoGOWAN. SWsler. Lake Co.. Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
LAKE COU.VTY. ,
The new management has made many '.m-
] prov»mects: new swimming tank, porcelain
bathtub* patent sanitary plumbing: Installed
new features for the amusement and comfort oC
guests: billiards, bowling, tennis, croquet, liv-
ery, bunting, fishing, golf links asd excursions
to Clear Lake and other resorts.
Information at PECK'S, 11 Montgomery st..
or W. V. BRYAN. 3O Montgomery St.. or ad-
dres» R. ROBERTSON, lessee and manager.
BLUE
Boating. Bathing and all other amusements
free. Hot and cold -ulphur baths. White sul-
phur springs. Send for pamphlet. O. WEI3-
MAN. Mldlaks P. 0.. Lake County. C&L. or
call on DR. HAPPERSBERGER. 1104 Market
FLAKES
THE ORIGINAL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
ST. HELE.VA. NAPA CO.
Entirely lenovated and refurnished. Mod-
erate rates. Reduction for families.
New Bath Houses
Finest sulphur water in the St/te. Table
and service the best. ITnder the management
of MR. and MP.S. JOHN SANDFORD.
LMUREL DELL.
13 kinds of Mineral Water and Baths;
Bowling Alleys, Croquet. . Marine Toboggan.
; Livery, the best of Orchestras, under the man-
' agtrnent of Dr. Monroe Cailender; first-class
Table: Dinins-rooni seating 300.
Address EDGAR DCRNAN. Proprietor. Lau-
rel Dell. Lake County. Cat. (also proprietor La
Trianon Hotel), or Peck's. 11 Montgomery at.
WILLIAMS & BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE
Leaves Williams dally on arrival of northbound
train for Bartiett. Allen.' s. Hough's and Cook's
Springs. Daily except Sunday for Wilbur
Springs and Sulphur Creek.
WILLIAM QUIGLKT. Propri«tor.
UKKPORTAXD IIAKTLCTT SPKIXG9 '
STAtifc: L.I>"K — Hopland to BartletC
Springs, via Lakrport. currying passengers for
Lakeport and Uarilett Springs. Stages conn«cC
wtth trains at Hopland. Leave' Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arriv* ac ,
Bartiett Spring* at T:JO. New tf-horse U-pa*> ,
scnger tourist wagons, with. all the most mod*
era improvements. Passengers for Lakepart' a?
Bartiett Springs, call for tickets by BartletC
Springs Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased
at office of California N. W. Ry.. 630 Mark*
»t.. or at Tiburon f«rry. -."...'...
MILLER * HOWARD. Pno»
REDWOOD RKTREAT — Built amons
beautiful groves. The Caeat locatloa Is Saat*
Crua Mts. Cream and fruit la abund»ac»-
Home cooking. Swimming tank and other
amusements. Rates $7 and *3 P«r week. Book-
let- at Peck's Bureau or mailed. Phona or ad-
dress R. F. WARHAM. GUroy. CaL V.
D 23.) ._ ;
SOLID CO3IFORT lIOHE.
Extensively Improved; 100U teec altitude; no
fog- climate delightful; telephone connection;
view unsurpassed; hot asd cold baths; spring
water- cemvnt : swimming tank. 40x30. Rales
$7 week up; stag* meets train. SCHULER A
SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR RESORT —In th»
Redwoods of Marin Co., I*4 hours from Saa
Francisco. Good accommodations. ' Cottaga*
and casip grouxtds. Boating, swlmmiag aaa
bowling. Rates. $10 to $14 per week: $2 t«
$2 CO per day. For particulars writ* AJDAJ*
BREHM. yrop-ZCamp Taylor, Cat. .
RICHARDSON SPREVGS — In th« fott-
clUs oT the ' Sierras. 10 miles from Chico. No
grade, no dust. Famous for tne cure cf rheu-
matism.' gout, scrofula, stomach, liver an<t
kidney diseases. New bath houses, porcelain)
tubs; trout fishing; telephone; stage from Chlco
daily. J. H. RICHARDSON. Chico. Cal.
THE GROVE.
Lake Tahoe. hair mile east of Tallac. oa lak«
shore Excellent table board, with nice outslda
tooms. Rates 52 per day or $10 per w««k. wltH
good livery and saddle horses. Beats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor.
Tallac P. P.. CaL ' - '
. . CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas In the redwoods: beat-
ing bathing fishing and other .amusements:
good table: tents. Only 3*i hours from das
Francisco -via the California Northwestern \u25a0 Ky. \u25a0
Secure accommodations. Address C. B. Csopius.
Camp Vacation. Vacation P. P.. Sonoma Co.. CaL
WILLOW RA>"CH— Delightfully lo-
cated In redwoods 5 miles from Santa Cms.
Spring water, fruit, milk, excellent table;
daily mall: free conveyance: $7 week; . phons
Suburban 87. MRS. W. CRANDELL. Sant»
Cruz. Cal. \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0,•. ..,' .
HOTEL BELVEDERE.
" Thirty, minutes^ ride tTlburon rerryv, NO
FOG NO WINDS. NEW ANNEX of 23 rooms.
For particulars address J. W. ALL2N. .Mcr..
or Peck's Tourists' Bureau Co., 11 Montgomery
sC "Write tnr new booklet. . • ' • ' - .
THFJ FASHIOX STABLES.
J. H.'SJOTH BTop.. Uklah. CaL— Toorl»t» and
Hunters furnished wtth first-class .- turnouts
at reasonable rates. Write tor particular*
! There are lawns
and flowers and
trees galore at
AETNA SPRINGS
and graveled walks
* and . fountains, too.
Send for - Booklet* Aetna
Spring; Co., Napa Co., Cal.
CAPITQLA
Opened
Under Management of
Albert Bettens ,
Capltola Is' now ccnoeeted with Santa
Cr« by electric R. R- For hotel accom-
recitations address California Hotel. a»a
Francisco: Hotel St. James. San Jose, cr
Capltola. For cottages or tent grounds
address FRANK KEAXIEK, Capltola,
HOnrS MENLO PARK
I A quiet summer resting place amid cbarmtr.s
surrounding!>.' tvlth perfect climate. The table
Is Ctm class: 60 acres playground.- Comfort,
recreation, society. As a preDaratory school
Holtt's cannot be yurrassed. Circular on re-
quest. W. J MEREDITH. Menla Park.
nf>c«v And Ctttages. Extensive grounds
UuLttlH overlcokinsr bathing beach. Perfect
santtatlon - r « w dlnlng-hall and
VII Ift other Improvements. High-class
service. New eftlcient management.
HHTFI OCEAN VILLA CO..
IiUILL Santa Crux. Cal.
WILSON'S INN
In the mountains. Ii miles from Napa. «le-
vjtlon 10OI) feet: home place; pure air and
water- own milk, cream, fruit, vegetables:
Ss to 511 per we?k. Foldera At Peck"s. 11 Moat-
AKNO. H. WILSON. Atlas.. Napa Co.. Cal.
Cttfif SUMMER HOME iM CAMP MEEKER
MOUNTAINS OF SONOMA CO.
Equable climate; lots $ll> up; cottages built
$5u up; etores.-hotels, poet and phone: 1200 lota
<old- 400 cottages built: San Francisco Agents.
ROWLEY & PACKARD, 323 Montgomery st..
or M. C. MF.EKER. Sonoma County.
N. S. B. R. TOCfILOMA Maria Cs.
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
special rates for families a^Jd parties: fishing.
hunting; boating, bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley telephone. JOSEPH F. BER-
TH AND. or North Shore Ry. office. C3O Mar-
ke t St.. every Thursday. 2 to 4 p. m.-
. GLENBRGOK RESORT.
T.OOO ft. above sea level. Trout fishing. • No
upstairs. Tents on board floors. Good beds;
ts week, board and lodging. Rates for
rooms "!10 and $12 per week. TREDWAT &
BASSETT. -Proprietors. Glenbrook. Cal.
TAHOE TAVERN, LAKE TAHOE.
FRANK W. RICHARDSON. Manager.
American plan only. Rates $3 per day up.
Stopover* allowed fat Truckeeon all overland
railroad and. Pullman tickets.
I I)Ei:U PARK I>'X and cottages, six
miles from Lake Tahoe. Ideal place for rest.
Elation (COT. Mineral springs. Information
at office Bryan's Inf. Bureau. 30 Montgomery
it* or booklet. J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park laa.
Lake Tahoe. Cal.
-B--— THE CALL -
Prints daily not only more news but more reliable and interesting news than any San Francisco newspaper.
During the seasoh [it will have more information of what is going on at the Summer Resorts than any
its contemporaries. It will be,, therefore, the most valuable medium for advertising Summer Resort at-
tractions. It will be found on file at the resorts and will be sent by mail to any address for 20 cents per week
or 75 cents per month.
Don't fqrget to order The Call before leaving for ycur summer outing. \u25a0
II Choose Your Route! I
I Choose Your Service! I
II Low Rates Aug. .15, 16, 24, 25. I
1 No other, line offers as many special advanta- es SB
gra foreastbound travelers? as, does the Burlington: h^
in .'. "Thro' 'Standard and -Tourist sleeping cars via , &||
\u25a0|| •• . •several 'of the most famous scenic routes in the' fj|j
Hg r v .world. . Detailed: information will be '. urhished . Urn
|| , juickly if you will let me know where you wish 2f|j
\u25a0 B ll 111 1 111 I IIIM lii! Si "* SA.VBORX, General Acrnt, HS|
\u25a0 b liljipßaalgJgßfefjl e3t M«*fc«t Street, . H§]
I* i .; : PLASTERS/^ '\u25a0 : \u25a0 1
K| A universal remedy, for pains in the'back (so frequent In the case of jtQ
g} v/omen). They give instantaneous relief. '•- jKI
P*3j ' vr '" '• RnAflßldiiSfVl * '"*"' /Gzi /vs*\ E&Mk
rw?a v ~ v* * s^*r^ .'•*- -* v .. \u25a0 .";-?\u25a0• * r supcrtor* to fill \u25a0 * x *^*£& -*-^£ : -t 'L % * \u25a0"- •\u25a0*' :*: * \u2666 ''"\u25a0\u25a0- 1
}$£ ' r<Jrptln.lr.Bwr*cl^efniB OttiCTS. \u25a0 ' m^L^Mlnlftewa oTfelS! H
»« Kldsieva. or for a wank . • ,:•-.,, wtwnn, »t , f or Hpruium, fliior. IH
Ka tutrk. iU vU+ex . .li«dd M /} ..;! f dean. itiL\\SK*.t«< - Ae\t»t \u25a0
BH *tipJn»l m View* *l»T*. - » .»\u25a0 '^\u2666'vr. •i - •_• F«*t. riaalwßhomld b«cut «1m O
bM ,V fcSS*«,.*tooro la P*la a«rtT £77 €foZf*fa*h> *nd sMMiSMIrad Imid applied \u25a0
\u25a0B. Alleodft ,rot*or.^ -KSr.zK^,:- "*' r ._fi* <-......- \u0084 -' topartaff»«e«lasihow»abo*e.^^BFLAG FACTS
"Women are largely responsible for the financial rascality of our times,"
a clergyman in one of New York's pulpits last Sunday. This seems to
be a highly up to date application of Adam's attitude toward Eve and the
apple.— New York Tribune.
In the midst of a torrid summer, while yellow fever is seizing the coun
try, with the Equitable about to be probed to its lowest depths and Roose
velt preparing to wrestle wfth Congress, Peary's excursion to the north
pole docs not appear to be such a foolish venture, after all. — Charleston
( S. C.) Post.
Senator Beveridge is writing a series of magazine articles of which ad
vice to young' men is the most prominent feature. It is hoped the sage of
43 years will live to complete them. — Milwaukee Sentinel.
Though his characteristic mental atti
tude was that of placidity, and serenity,
he never degenerated to the, level of the
cynic. He was never the man who con
cludes that nothing matters— never, the
disciple of Talleyrand, who took to his
heart the maxim, "Above all, no zeaL".
Mr. Hay's modesty would. not permit' him
to make a parade of his earnestness or
sound his zeal from the housetops: but
he was zealous and earnest as to all vital
things, just the same. He had a fine
gcorn for all that is petty, mean, con
temptible. He detested all unnecessary
and wanton falsehood. For the sort of
diplomacy that rests essentially upon ter
giversation he "had a most hearty con
tempt. One of his payings is famous in
the diplomatic world. \u25a0• It was used of a
certain titled European, not now a mem-,
ber of the corps at Washington.
j "When the Count comes to talk' to' me."
said Mr. Hay. "I;, do not use ~my \ wits
trying to ascertain whether or not the
man is lying. I know he isiiylng. , What
I try to find out is why he Is telling that
particular He."— From. "John: Hay: An
American Gentleman," by Walter Well
man, in the American Monthly Review of
Reviews for August. ....
HAY' S CONTEMPT
FOR LIARS.
Bhow the stars arranged : in the blue in
the shape of one big star, and some show
them arranged, in a circle. The perma
nent present fashion was adopted after
1818, when Congress passed a resolution
that a new star should be added to the*
blue field for every . new State admitted
to the Union.— Woman's Home Com
panion, v \u25a0 . .
What would be Ihe effect upon civili
zation if everybody would keep constantly
In mind that suggestion of the photogra
pher, "Look pleasant?" The most diffl-
"LOOK PLEASANT"
Mr. and Mrs. Tiffin had been quarreling.
After an exchange of words incident to
such occasions each settled into an arm
chair in silence.. Finally, Mrs. Tiffin ex
tended the olive branch by saying to her
spouse, "Trying as you are at times, Mr.
Tlfan. If I had my time to go over, I'd
marry you just the same."
"You would? I wouldn't!" came the
reply from the depths of the other arm
chair. — Harper's "Weekly.
Townsend's California Glace Fruits, la
artistic fire-etched boxes. New store now
open, 767 Market street. •
cult part of the photographer's work Is
the effort to get the subject before the
camera to rid himself of the cold, stiff,
set expression of his face and to replace
it by a genial, kindly look or a smile.
He is not willing to reproduce the sitter
until he succeeds, because he knows that
the change of expression will transform
the photograph.
How the habit of looking pleasant
would revolutionize our natures, and civ
ilization itself! If we could only get rid
of the hard, eager, worried look habitual
to many of us, not for the few seconds
we stand before the camera, but for all
otir lives, how bright the world would
grow.— O. S. Marden In Success.
Special. lnformation supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), SO Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
LINGER HERE A WHILE AND HAVE A MORNING SMILE
Jones— Do you make your cook
pay for what she breaks?
Smith— No. ; we pay her extra
what she* don't br€ak.
RESPECTED THE SET.
Naw, I ain't goin' ter smash
yer. 'cause I ain't sure whether
youse a boy or a girl, an' I made
it a rule neber ter hoi t soils.
NOT FOR HIM
I think perhaps I'm skeptical, for painful
doubt.* will come — j
I've noticed doctors' theories do some
times wobble some —
That Yellow Jack might still exist with
no mosquito near,
I yet must fear, for oft at night this
. little song I hear:
Tz-z-x-zoo-0-00 tz-z-z-ze-e-ee!
The doctors tickle m».
. Tz-z-z-ze-e-ee tz-z-z-zo-o-oo!
They really, really do.
I'd like a cure for Yellow Jack to help
* t the stricken throng.
But also I should like a cure to end that
dratted song!
THE GENTLE LITTLE SKEBTER.
The United States Marine Hospital
service has issued a circular announcing
that "the infection of yellow fever la
carried by mosquitoes, and by no other
means."
THE gentle little skeeter, with his
gentle little way.
Who comes about my lowly couch to
hum his gentle lay,
I used to wonder what he said; I wonder
now no more.
For here's the song he's singing, as he
whets his bill to bore:
Tz-z-z-ze-e-ee tz-z-z-zo-o-oo!
Here's Yellow Jack for you.
Tz-z-z-zo-0-00 tz-z-z-ze-e-ee!
Inoculate you free, jj
I used to wonder what he sung, while
waging hopeless war,
Till the doctors kindly told us what the
pesky imp is for.
He tried to keep the pace In vain.
He did his level best.
He had to hurry home again.
Because he needed rest. . •
—Washington Star.
He drank long mixtures filled with ice.
Ate lobsters and sardines;
He dallied with the cards and dies.
And played the slot machines.
He walked the board walk all day long.
And heard the music play
Where rival organs big and strong
In discord grind away.
He ate hot sausages and things
He ne'er had seen before;
He won a cane by throwing rings
Until his arms were sore.
He shot the chutes, he looped the loop;
He joined the mazy dance:
He saw the side show minstrel troupe,
And watched the ponies prance.
They told him that he needed rest. \
He hurried far away
Where o'er the ocean' 3! foamy crest
The wholesome breezes play.
A VACATION
More than 50 per cent of the babies die before they are one
year old. More than half the deaths, of adults and all, are without
medical attention. This is also because of ignorance. The people
do not trust medical skill. They believe . death and sickness are
caused by evil spirits, and they trust to charms more than to medi
cines or cleanliness. Unless the great trio of medical, engineering
and pedagogical science will unite upon patiently solving the prob
lems of sanitation our newly stimulated expansion policy is likely to
receive severe checks, and future history to write us down as much
less accomplishers than we are undertakers.
Not only have we fallen heir to great responsibilities in the Phil
ippines,, where sanitation is one of the biggest problems, but from'
now on the maintenance of healthful conditions at Panama is a
duty laid to our charge. We must keep the isthmus cleansed of dis
ease inducing conditions as the first assurance of getting the canal
expeditibusly constructed: and when once the big ditch is dug the
health of the whole world will largely depend upon the carefulness
with which we keep its zone free from risks of disease spreading.
Already the Philippine Bureau of Health is calculating that
when the canal is opened to commerce the variety of mosquito which
spreads the yellow fever microbe will be able to live long enough
pn shipboard to make the shortened trip to the islands, and thus
be a new terror to the ignorant inhabitants, who, so far, know not
the plague of our southern coast. It is going to be a time of skilled
doctors to the fore. We will need them almost as much as skilled
engineers; perhaps more, for the provision must first be made to
keep the engineers and their helpers alive and workably healthy else
will their talents be useless in our tropic possessions.
The Filipinos possess so many habits of cleanliness that it will
be difficult to convince them, pending their education, that they
have any customs that are unclean from the civilized standpoint. For
instance, they almost universally wash their dishes in cold water.
If a plate looks clean and is washed in water that looks clean, why,
then, to them it is clean. They do not readily take in the idea of
the mischief done by invisible microbes. Their laundry methods
are also unwholesome. The awful infant mortality of the islands is
due mainly to lack. of education.
HEALTHFUL conditions in the Philippines are not to be at
tained without long and patient efforts, no matter how skill
ful and energetic may be the agents therefor appointed by the
Government. This is shown by the recently issued annual report of
• the Commissioner of Public Health for the islands. One of the
chief reasons for the difficulties in the way of speedy sanitary im
provement is that racial habits and customs which have prevailed
•through centuries cannot be changed in a few years. Because of
the fixity of these habits the direct efforts of the sanitary officials
fail in many instances, and the only hope of thorough success lies in
the instruction given to the oncoming generations in the public
schools, and by the force of example.
The question of sanitation has recently become a more vital
one to the United States than it has ever been in our history before.
Pint of view 'mounts ter consid'ble. I
notice I kin fergive my dog ferchasin*
Si's caows blame sight easier 'n I kin his
hens fer scratchin' up my garden.
Sometimes a feller loses his reck'nin*
on kids an* their prospecs. The derndest
chump In the skule I -went tew ea in
Congress now: the smart boy's in JaiL
Don't claim it's allers so — ef 'twas yew
cd reckon on, kids' prospec's easy
'nough— but 'twas in this case, an* it
keeps me kinder guessin*. »
No use tryin' ter make a fellew dew
what he ain't prepared fer. A settin' Ben
ain't wuth a dern fer layin'.
Si Bilkins '11 skin yew in "S hoss trade,
an* then lift his voice in pra'r-meetin'.
He says ole Rockefeller orto be 'shamed
of hissclf. an' I s'pose he hed.
It's betur to be a mejum-sized is than
an overgrown has been.
Muscle don't count ev'ry thing. My bull
kin lick any critter in the neighborhood,
but he's gen'ly reckernized es a dam
fool.
PHILOSOPHY IN* THE HAYMOW.
SOME PHILIPPINE DIFFICULTIES.
(("pHERE is oleomargarine," said the
I papa goat, reflectively, "and but
terine, and the stuff that is sold
from firkins, and a large number of other
things."
"I -have heard that there Is," said the
kid of the reflective mind.
"So you see that I have plenty of com
petition; and yet—" the papa goat proud
ly lowered his head— "l still maintain the
reputation of being the strongest butter
of them all."
Which is why the kid Is very proud of
his father.
Moral: Sometimes the one who butts In
gets the reputation.
Such a canal could be readily enlarged with the progress of. naval
architecture and growth of commerce— a thing which would be
almost an impossibility with the deep cut to sea level. The Suez
canal is already too small for modern tonnage, and the history
of canals and commerce shows that repeated enlargements of channel
must be provided for and counted upon in all plans.
Another plan proposed by Major Gillette is in regard to the
prevention of seepage in the construction of the Gatun dam. He
proposes to sink pipe, and force, under great pressure, cement grout
through it to close such openings as may be in the sand or gravel
strata. This method of preventing percolation he advises as much
superior to driving down sheet piling.. Not by any means the least
of his arguments is that the canal he proposes could be built in five
years, as compared with the estimates for the others of twelve
years spent in construction.
The fact that he went to Panama with preconceived judgments
ip favor of a sea-level canal and then changed them after an actual
study of the ground gives the paper a special claim to attention,
for men seldom alter their prejudices without stronger reasons for
doing so than those which induced the first favored ideas. He has
had large experience in river control and lock and dam construction.
It Is from the standpoint of an expert in river control that he
sees one of the most grave objections to a sea-level canal. The
river surface of the Chagres is about 55 feet above the sea and the
silt of that and other streams which would pass into the canal would
require constant dredging and necessitate a very wide canal in
order to let the big vessels pass the dredging fleet. The other alter
native of diverting the silty waters would be enormously expensive.
The watershed is 250 square miles and this whole area of flood
must be kept out the canal by dams and by diversion channels. The
canal must occupy the bottom of a narrow valley and the sediment
of even the smaller streams is a serious matter. Some of the rivers
are subject to torrential floods. Similar objections, would hold
ngainst a 30-foot level, and indeed for any lesser height than 100
feet, which is the plan favored by Major Gillette.
A part of the plan of the 100-foot level canal is to be a great
dam at Gatun, the range of hills there being the farthest one north
that crosses and has sufficient height. Such a dam would form a
lake of 100 square miles, with abundant storage waters, and capable
of settling for ages all the mud that the streams would bring down
into it. This dam could be built out of the dirt from the Culebra cut
with a haul of but 25 miles. By this plan $34,000,000 could be saved
and a channel five feet deeper and much wider than the proposed sea
level one would connect the oceans.
EJECTIONS to the sea-level plan of constructing the Panama
( ) canal are shown to be very serious ones in a paper on the
subject written by Cassius" E. Gillette, Major of Engineers,
U. S. A. The major writes a long and studious article from his head
quarters, Pacific Division, Engineer Office, San Francisco, to the
Engineering News of New York, which has the peculiar value of
expressing a reversed opinion arrived at after making a close per
sonal study of the conditions of the isthmus, where he served on the
commission in 1904.
(That Isn't the line of my ditty).
For the fellow who robs to the drone of a
prayer.
Is scarcely an object for pity;
And yet I have noticed a feeling in me—
And perhaps in yourself 'tis a dweller—
That I'd like Just a grab at the shekels,
you Bee,
Of John D. Rockefeller.
So it's hey there! hustle the stones!
Don't mention the feeling each one of us
owns,
For this is the moment for pelting the
bones
Of John D. Rockefeller.
(t( t * T I IS P ray * r meetings wlll not
I—lI — I save John D. Rockefeller."—
1 1 Governor La Follette of Wis
consin.
•'John D. Rockefeller is the most dan
geroua man out of prison in the United
Btatea."--ttav. Herbert 8. Johnson of.
Boston,
The same, with, variations to »ult per
sonal Idiosycraales.-A few million other
people.
There la nnna co high, *»nd th«r*'s nono
co low;
(Ami 1 iuaea that I •*»»* what I m
Bliifaii» 6 »,
There la non«» co rich ar no poor, I trow
(And »ha nmif'H u« comfort !• bringing).
Thepa is HPN& *>.. ualntly, *>m 1 none iO vile,
Jn tha pttl'3 fl? In » ll « < e H* r «
That hb f'tm't ft«lil «*• etone ,u> the big
l'\)r Jolm Di Hpokjefeller.
80 li> hey, lharat huTUa th« iton^s!
Pell )\\m artrt welt him to damage his
For he ie 1* sinner whom nobody owns.
Thill 4«'h» Pi HaekflfoHor.
We know vw wflt, both you and I
(for tvn\ In otir hoiuniH Is burning).
At a. ehtui™ for Ma wraith we'd undoubt
edly nhy.
Our nusrn tit aborning upturning.
\V* tmty wleke<lly llv* unit wickedly die,
l\<* toted by Nick to his cellar.
But tv« etlll Imve «om« stones for the
prnfllifnta bon«a
Of John D. Rockefeller.
Bo H'» quick there! gather ""me rocks!
Chuck 'em and buck 'em regardless of
knocks!
We can all add a few to the various
shocks
Of John,D. Rockefeller.
Don't think this a word In behalf of him
there
AS TO A SEA-LEVEL CANAL.
Frederick Bruce Johnstone is staying at
the St.. Francis, where he arrived from
Chicago on Monday. His marriage to
Miss Elsie Leale will take place Satur
day.
Mrs. M. H. de Young. Miss Helen and
Miss Constance d« Young are in Paris,
having arrived there a few days ago
from London, where they spent three
weeks at the Carlton.
Mrs. Thomas H. Holt has returned from
her summer outing and is again occupy
ing her apartments at the Hotel Cecil.
1 Miss Nelle Siddons of Sacramento, who
has been spending a few weeks in San
Francisco, is the guest of friends who
have taken a cottage at Belvedere.
The return of Colonel and Mrs. Thom
as Wain-Morgan Draper from Oregon
will be an edvent of early September.
With their two very attractive daughters.
Miss Elsa and Miss Dorothy, a feast of
merriment has held sway all summer at
Buckhorn Lodge, Oregon. Many young
people from this city and Oakland have
shared in the pleasures, and probably no
country home has been more hospitable.
An Eastern trip Is to be their next move,
though all the plans concerning it are in
definite.
A probable debutante of the coming
season is Miss Sara Cunningham, who
with her mother, Mrs. James Cunning
ham, is expected shortly from, the East.
Miss Helene Robson is the guest of her
grandmother, Mrs. Buckley, at the latters
home on Lombard street. Miss Robson
having recently returned from Honolulu,
where shs has been entertained all sum
mer.
Miss Frederica "Webb, daughter of Dr.
Seward Webb, whose engagement was
recently announced, is spending the
summer at Bar Harbor.
The wedding of Miss Clara Marl?
O'Brien and Frank Bruce Winshlp will
take place this evening at the home of
the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
H. O'Brien, on Scott street. The cere
mony will be very quiet, including only
the two families.
Mrs. Henry Bradford Montague leaves
to-day for the East, presumably to con
tinue her travels toward Europe, and
her plans are to spend the winter In
the south of France.
During her absence Mr. Montague
will be a resident of the University
Club.
To-day is set for the wedding of Miss
Caroline Merry and Lieutenant Samuel
W. Bryant in Costa Rica, though ther*
I* doubt surrounding the maturity of
their plans, for Lieutenant Bryant mar
have been detained by quarantine at
New Orleans, from which port he was
to sail.
Miss Carol Moore will o"e hostess to
day at a "telephone tea" for several of
her young friends who happen to be in
town. The affair will be quite informal
and' just a merry gathering: of merry
maids who will have so many pleasant
things to chatter over regarding Miss
Moore's engagement and her fast ap
proaching marriage.
This little tea was to have announced
the happy news, but the tidings cropt
out prematurely.
Miss Helen Ashton is a guest of Miss
Moore and much interest will also
gather about her.
THE primary battle was hard fought and well won by the Republican League,
which secured a safe majority of the coming convention. The opposition mi
nority is large enough, however, to make trading stock in \ case the majority
shall divide and either division be willing to go into the enemy's camp for re
cruits. This should make the majority wary and move it to substantial unity of
policy and action. Sometime elapses before the assembling of the convention and the
work of the League is not over. \
As it organized the people very effectively for the winning of its first fight, it
must nowwatchfully organize for the coming convention and be on guard against
covert intrigues and schemes. The subtlety of the enemy is not to be despised, but to
be guarded against. There was another fight besides that of the League. Mr. McNab's
Democratic organization, representing the best element in that party,' was challenged
to battle by the reorganizes. These are believed to represent the Democratic allies of
the existing city administration and, had they won, their purpose was to indorse the ad
ministration for re-election. This purpose was defeated by the McNab forces, and ho
is still in undisputed control. What he will do with it is a closed book.
It is known that many influential men in his organization are warmly committed
to civic reform and intend to seek to secure it by the most available means. There are
no bonds on the votes oi men at the election, and all will be free to cast an inde
pendent ballot. The independent voters will probably hold the balance of power; and
who wins them wins the day. The plan of the "administration for winning control
of the Republican convention was very cunningly laid and worked without a hitch.
The officials of -the city government and their appointees, and too frequently the elec
tion officers, stood by the programme and were as open in promoting fraud as they
dared be, with the shadow of the penitentiary over them. • . .
The city machine worked all day and did not slip a cog. The people found raised
against them and against good government the hand of official power everywhere.
That hand beckoned the vice and crime of the city and they answered, obeying im
plicitly the order of those who are chosen to office to suppress these vicious and crim
inal influences and not to enter alliance with them. But over it all, in spite of all, the
Republican League ticket won and constituted a convention which may make a ticket
that can win in November, provided proper weight is given to certain remaining ele
ments in the problem.:
The Republican League ticket received 16,071 votes, which elected 246 dele
gates; the administration Republican ticket received 15,420 votes, which elected 153
delegates. The delegate majority for the League is large. Its popular majority is
small, being only 642. But the Republican vote of the administration did not repre
sent all of its strength. It has a leg in both camps, and its Labor party vote was 2955,
which, added to its Republican vote, makes a total strength of 18,384 to the Republi
can League's 16,071, giving the administration a popular majority in the primary
of 2313.
. These figures exhort and admonish. Of course it is obvious that the Labor party
vote, under orders, was divided. Enough of it stood pat to keep the party intact and
give it a convention, and the great majority was used in an attempt to control also the
Republican convention by defeating the League ticket. The manipulation and capa
city for control that can form and carry out such a policy and come so near winning
is by no means to be despised. While the administration lost control of the Republican
c<)iiyen-tion s j,tsjhppe- f .of winning in November is not diminished, but is justified by the
returns. j
It wanted the Republican convention only ftir the purpose of nominating a.can
didate for Mayor that could be easily beaten by the nominee of the Labor party. Every
intrigue that cunning and great political astuteness can devise will still be brought
to bear upon the convention to effect that end. Every man that can be reached will
be reached, all that can be influenced will be influenced to make a weak Republican
nomination that will disgust the independent vote of the city and be easily beaten.
The task of tliej League has only just begun. It is fighting the city administra
tion, and that administration beat it in the popular vote and will beat it at the polls
if it make the least compromise with the enemy. It must push its purpose to the end..
It is a political mistake to talk about making nominations to divide the forces of
the enemy. That cannot be done. The gangsters of Philadelphia never had a more in
divisible force behind them in the Pilgrim band than this compact body that is be
hind the administration. Of course we all know that this solid quantity is in a large
minority in the city. But it is a plurality when the majority divides into two mi
norities. Therefore we administer this physic of figures to the citizens who wish for a
decent government. Their task is only begun. .They cannot put their armor off until
the final fight is won.
The suggestions of the situation are so obvious that we need not take the trouble
to disclose them. They are on the surface arid all men can see them. The interest, re
sponsibility and hope center in the majority of the coming convention. Its business is
to command the confidence and secure the support of a majority of the people in No
vember.
THE SMART SET
\u25a0 - . .
SALLY SHARP
RESULT OF THE PRIMARY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN' D. SPRECKELS .• ..Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO ' »
JOHN' McXACGHT 3lanager
rUBLICATIOX OFFICE....*. THIRD AND MARKET STREETS.. SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY AUGUST 10, 1905
OCCIDENTAL
ACCIDENTALS
A. J. WATERHOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. THURSDAY. AUGUST 10, 1905.
,\\. , DIFFERENT CHARGES. '
Mrs.* Wise— l : want to : sue my
husband 1 for a divorce.
..Lawyer" — What " ' are • your
charges?/..-/ "-'-/''f'^ ':' :?';-V^ ;^ ;
f: Mrs. Wise— What are -yours?
A MATTER OF TASTE. :
She-^Do you- like salt water'
bathing?
He— No," I have very little taste;,
for it.: " V ' v
The little rift within the lute makes Chauncey M.Vchin music mute.—
A man seldom makes his money last if his father made it first. — Chicago
Philadelphia will not seem like home to some of the old residents when
Mayor Weaver gets fV -ough with it — Washington Star.^
\u25a0 ' ii . •
Tom Platt sticks by Depew, feeling that there must be honor among
United States Senators.— Chicago News.
The red In ou» flag: stands for valor,
the white for. purity, the blue for Justice.
Our first revolutionary flag generally used
\u25a0was called the Grand • Union flag. 1 1n
this the colonists,*- who,' *we ; must remem
ber, were still Englishmen, kept the red
ground of the old English .flag, but
striped it with; white. bars, so^ that there
should be thirteen lists, or stripes, as an
emblem of the thirteen^ colonies. Also,
they kept the blue - field; of : the English
Union Jack, but : took out , the _ crosses of
St. George and^ St. ; Andrew,; and put. in
stead thirteen 'stars in *a' circle. This
flag was inaugurated by .at
his camp . in -Cambridge,-; Mass., In >'Janu-'
ary, 1776, though;it' ; was' not I adopted, by.
Congress until the 14th of ' June, 1777. V '-
> Some* of our , flags" ,v of -about this \ time
8ROME. Aur. 9. — The Pope was reported yes
terday to be suffering severely from the gout.
His physician. Dr. Lapponi, has ordered him
to take complete rest.
. After much dickering a price 'wad
agreed on, -and Anally A. R. Turnbull
was sent here to consummate the deal.
The Sierra Lumber Company owns 87,
000 acres of fine timber land In Butte
and Tehama counties, and has its mills
and yards at Red Blurt and Chlco, and
a lumber yard on Channel street, in
this city. It also owns a short rail
road and has valuable rights of way.
Among timber and lumber men the
deal is regarded as an Important one,
for it is expected that the Turnbulls
will expend many thousands of dollars
in further improving the property.
• When seen at the Pal3.ce Hotel last
evening A. R., Turnbull, while showing
no inclination to discuss the details of
the deal, freely admitted that it had
been practically consummated and
that a formal transfer would probably
take place in a few days.
' The transaction, which involves sev
eral million dollars, was practically
'finished at a meeting of the interested
parties held in. this city yesterday.
Negotiations for the purchase of the
Sierra Lumber Company have been
pendinjr for six months. Several
months ago R. W, -J4irnbull.,,the,.aenlor
hVember of : the' l i.!illhneapoll6 -'concern,'
and the father of A. R. Turnbull, came
west to examine the property, which la
controlled, by Edward Coletnan of this
city.
A. R. Turnbull of the wealthy lum
ber firm of R. W. Turnbull & Son of
Minneapolis is. registered at the Palace
Hotel, having come west to consummate
a deal for the purchase by his company
of the' Sierra Lumber Company's In
terests in this State.
TURNBULLS BUY
TIMBER CONCERN
Try. the United States": Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone' South 420. •
WOMAN FALLS OFF CAR.— Mrs. Isabella
McLean, who lives at' 609 Kansas : street, . vu
injured yesterday by ; falling off a - Sixteenth
street car. K~' The woman . misunderstood r the
signal 'of • the conductor ' and was about 5 - to
step Off when the car started. She, was treated
for i a scalp wound at i the \ Fotrero { Emergency.
Hospital. ... •/ \u25a0.."\u25a0"\u25a0
BURGLARS PLY THEIR VOCATION.— C.
L. V. Johensen, 339 Third street, . reported that
his store had been entered by means of a rear
window and $13 70 stolen from the Cash regis
ter. Frank Beraud, 673 Mln*lon street, re
ported that his barber shop , had been entered
by breaking the glass In j the ; front J door and
hi* »tock of: razors, shears, '\u25a0-. strops, \u25a0 clippers
and - other articles . stolen. Fred- Klmm«l . re
ported that his. room In the rear of 513 Third
street had been entered from a window In the
alley way and $1 • worth of pennies stolen from
his trunk. '-.' '"• -. • \u25a0 '\u25a0': -'
To-Day, To-Morrovr and Saturday.
Men s $15 to $20 suits for $7 50 and
%% 50. Ladies' and Men's Shoes for
$1 90 will be on sale at the opening of
the great sale at 1057 Market st This
is all that will be said, and no one
reading this should neglect taking ad
vantage of this sale. Mr. Herman Les
ser will personally attend this sale and
see that every person desiring to in
vestigate to get this shall be satisfied
that a saving of more than 50c on the
dollar wilL be the result. Take the
goods home and should you by further
examination -find that you have not as
great a bargain as you think, why
bring the goods back and have your
money cheerfully returned. Fair. deal-
Ing is the motto of -Herman , Lesser;
everybody must satisfied; r , $60,000
worth; of merchandise will be on sale,
consisting: of -Men's and Ladies' Cloth-
Ing, Furnishings, Dry Goods, Crockery,
Glassware, Shoes, Hats. Yet do re
mentber the special introductory -sale,
namely, $16 to $20 Men's all-wool
suits for $7\50 — good, stylish goods.
Also Ladles' and Men's $3 50 celebrated
«hoes for $1 90 a pair. This should win
the good will; of all the people for Her
man Lesser, ' . 1057 Market . St.; : opp.
Jones. . \u25a0 . • . . \ •
A woman giving the name of Josie Mil
ler was taken into custody by- Detective
Thomas Ryan and Policeman Daniel Koe
hane last night. It is believed that Miss
Miller is at the head of crooks who have
been flooding the city with spurious jew
elry, so clever an imitation of the genu
ine that many experienced Jewelers have
been deceived by it. -
The principal complainant, and ' the
man who caused the arrest. Is a
pawnbroker named Rosenberg at 514 Du
pont street. Rosenberg-asserts that the
woman and a male companion soid him
several pieces of "phony" Jewelry and
that he paid the price of standard gold
for them. Last night the woman returned
to the place alone and attempted to'dls
pose-of a locket and chain. She placed
a high value on the articles and said they
were solid gold. From the story .told :by
Rosenberg he discovered the worthless
ness • of. thfc articles he had \u25a0 previously
purchased* and jhe had been on the look
out for the 'woman and her companion
since that time. -When she appeared last
night he said nothing that would excite
her suspicion, and while he detained her
In \ an' argument as to the value of the
Jewelry offered • for sale one of his clerks
quietly : left V the place and notified the
police. :": '•' ; v
t Many. complaints of. a similar character
have - recently reached police . headquar
ters, but the detectives have been unable
to \u25a0 arrest the guilty parties. .An investi
gation' of the woman's record- is now be- 1
Ing made; and :" many *of the vfctlms In
other cases will ' be called to police head
quarters to Identify . her, \u25a0\u25a0_ if \ possible, as
the person who unloaded the property on
them. ,
Josie Miller Sells Clever Imi
tation Gold and Goes
to Prison.
DISPOSES OF -.BOGUS
JEWELEY TO DEALERS
The following well-known soloists
will assist at the entertainment: Miss
Millie Flynn, soprano; Mrs. C. Decker
Cox, alto; A. C. Macurda, tenor, and
Araon Cain, baritone.
One of the musical events of the
season will be the cantata of the "Ten
Virgins" by Alfred R. Gaul, to be given
In the Alhambra Theater on the even
ing of August 16. W. C. Stadtfeld, the
leader of the Loring Club, has or
ganized and trained a chorus of 200
voices and It will take part in the
programme.
Cantata by Alfred R. Gnul Will Be
Rendered in Alb am bra With More
Than 200 Voices.
large: chorus will take
part iii "tex virgins"
Callfornlana In Paris.
PARIS, Aug. 9.— The following Califor
nlans are visiting in Paris: Louis Schultz,
Mrs. Larendon and Miss Hattie Schultz of
San Francljco.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— The following
Californlans have arrived in New York:
From San Francisco — A. P. Marrltt.
at the Victoria; M. Meyerfeld Jr., at the
Astor; H. A. Gerrish, at the Union
Square; Mrs. L. B. Sadler, at the St.
Denis.
From Los Angeles — M. A. Dunning,
at the Astor.
Cnllfornians In Xfw York.
W. P. Corwln, a well-known hotel man
of Southern California, and wife are reg
istered a£ the St. Francis.
A. L. Baird, a Melbourne capitalist,
who has been making a tour of this
country, Is at the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. Waldemar Lindgren and
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Freeman, prominent
members of Washington society, are
among the latest arrivals at the St. Fran
cis.
F. M. Lee, cashier of .the First Na
tional Bank of Winnemucca, Nev., is at
the Palace.
Dr. L. R. Sevier of Los Angeles is at
the Palace. •;
Rev. WHllam H. Matthews of Chicago
is at the Palace.
W. S. L«ake has returned from a two
weeks' business trip to Mexico.
W. H. Bray, who is Interested in min
ing properties at Summit. Is at the Pal
ace. .
PERSONAL.
POPULAR GIRL WHO TESTERDAT
BECAME THE BRIDE OF WELL
KNOWN* SAX FRANCISCAN.
The marriage of Miss Mabel Handy and
Edward Mau was solemnized yesterday
In an atmosphere of greatest simplicity,
for while the families are both of Im
portance to the social world, a bereave
ment In the home of the groom necessi
tated that all the details should be with
out ostentation.
The chapel of Trinity Church was
chosen at noon for the ceremony, which
was read by Rev. Mr. Hulme, assistant
rector of Trinity.
The bride. In a very becoming, though
quiet, gown of gray silk, was attended
by Miss Therese Thompson, who wore
a walking suit of white.
The groom had the support of his
brother. Arthur H. C. Mau. John Charles
Handy gave his sister into the groom's
keeping and immediately after the words
of the service Mr. and Mrs. Mau. left
for a trip to Southern California, where
they will remain for several weeks, but
will make their home in this city.
Mrs. Mau is the daughter of the late
Dr. Handy, who was widely and favor
ably known through the community.
Mr. Mau belongs to the well-known
family of that name who reside on
Broadway.
'-'.- *^1 * *
Miss May Greenebaum and Herbert
Fleishhacker were wedded last evening at
the home of tire bride's parents. Mr.
and Mrs. Slgmund Greenebaum, at ISO 6
Pacific avenue. -.. .
The guests, while restricted to 150,
formed a brilliant throng, the gowns of
fashion's latest dictates gleaming In
beauty.
The bride, who is one of,' the most
beautiful girls of the upper Jewish cir
cles, taade a regal picture in her rich
bridal robes, white satin lavishly trim
med with Irish point and Valenciennes
lace; with long veil and bouquet of
orchids and lilies, she was extremely
handsome.
Miss Helen Neustadter, who attended
the bride, was strikingly gowned in
pompadour silk, a lovely creation and
very becoming.
Herbert Fleishhaeker, the groom, was
supported by Joseph Greenebaum, Rev.
Jacob Voorsanger performing the mar
riage ceremony, which occurred at 6:30.
The epacious rooms were abloom with
noral art In many varieties, the drawing
room being filled with tiger lilies, many
of which were gracefully grouped in gold
baskets suspended from the celling.
The large bow window, containing an
improvised altar, was filled with tiger
lilies and hydranaeas. the altar draped
in heavy gold cloth, while great bunches
of bamboo, gracefully implanted in
baskets of gold wicker, formed a mas
sive background of green.
American Beauty roses, arranged in
beautiful wood baskets, filled the second
drawing-room, while the hall was a
glorious mass of double sunflowers and
goldenrod with a setting of the bamboo
in their golden baskets. .
Pink controlled the dining-room, a pro
fusion of tiger lilies being the leading
note.
Mr. and Mrs. Fleishhacker will leave
immediately for Europe, to travel for an
Indefinite period, though ultimately they
will make their home In San Fran
cisco.
EUGENE BLANCH AItD PROVES
HIS POWER AS A SOLOIST
Youth* Accused of Burglary.
George Bonner, 14 years old, of 425
Brighton avenue, and Michael Tierney,
of similar age, who lives on Rltch street,
were arrested yesterday by Policeman
Archer of the Mission station and
charged at the Juvenile Home with
burglary. The youths are accused of
having entered the saloon of Mero &
McDonald during last Tuesday night by
removing the fastening* of a rear win
dow and gaining entrance. The till
was rifled and So 50 was taken.
Young Pianist Appears In Concert Prior
to HU Departure to Study
la Vienna.
A concert was given last evening in the
maple room of the Palace Hotel by Eu
gene H. Blanchard, a pupil of Herman
Genss, who Is about to leave this, his na
tive State, to take up his studies under
Emil Saver at Vienna.
That young Blanchard has a brilliant
career before him no one who listened to
his exquisite piano solos last night had a
doubt. He proved by his elaborate skill,
his technique and masterly rendition of
difficult works of / Bach, of Beetho*ven,
Chopin, Mendelssohn, Genss and Liszt
that those on this side shall hear of his
conquests of foreign audiences.
The programme was as follows:
Preluda and Fugue, C minor (Bach); Sonata
Op 63 (Beethovan), - fallegnr con brio, adagio
inolto. alltffretto moderato). Mr. Blanchard:
"Drel Wanderer." ballad . (Hermann), Mis*
Price; "Lleder ohne Worte" .(Mendelssohn),
No. 31, E flat major. No. 24, A major; Etude,
C minor. Scherzo, Op. 31 (Chopin); prologue,
•TPagliacci" (Leoncavallo). Mr. Lloyd; two
nlphuongs. Op. 8 (Genss), Rhapsodle hong
roise. No. 12 (Liszt). Mr. Blanchard.
Toarlnsr World on Wasrer.
J. N. Millette and J. E. Talbot of Win
nipeg have arrived in the city on their
way around the world, the trip to be
accomplished In two years. The young
men made a bet of $5000 each in Winni
peg that they would perform the feat
without spending one cent of money other
than that they would earn." They are to
give lectures. Millette Is a wine and Epirlt
merchant and Talbot an accountant.
Secretary Llcht reported the union to
bf In a flourishing condition, both numer
ically and financially, at the close of the
semi-annual term just ended.
Marble* Workers' Union Ko. 44 elected
the following as its officers for the Labor
day celebration: Marshal, Fred Mc-
Glade; aids to marshal— Lee Lyden,
Thomas Doyle, H. Skinner and F. Milton.
The Marble Setters' Union will form a
part of this union In the line of march.
\u25a0\u25a0 Retail clerks belonging to .both of the
shoe and retail branches will hold a joint
picnic on August 20 at Schuetzen Park,
San Jose. Joint committees have been ap
pointed to make suitable arrangements
for thin annual outing. Those appointed
by the Retail Shoe Clerks at the meeting
last night are J. B. Kruger, E. A. Levy
and A. F. Buermann. Tne same union
appointed on the Labor day celebration
the following committee: Max E. Llcht,
E. Ai Levy, O. E. Barnett, A. L. Grau
and A. Rule. ,
Work on the bridges and buildings be
ing constructed In this , city . may be
stopped soon because of tne sympathy of
the local workmen for the Structural
Iron Workers' Union that Is now on a
strike in the East. Acting under advice
from the president of the national or
ganization, Business Agent J. M. Walker
of the San Francisco union will make an
Investigation of the contracts let for the
construction of the Santa Fe bridge at
the foot of Third; street,, the building .of
the new wharf for the Mall Company's
steamers at the. foot of Second street and
also for the building of the additional
wing to the Chronicle building. ,
Should Walker ascertain that the
American Bridge Company is the contrac
tor for any or all of the structures the
men belonging to the union will be called
out according to orders from the Inter
national president. \. /
Although the new wharf will only con
tain a small part of structural Iron work,
the piledrivers will be called from their
labors because of their affiliation with the
International Structural Iron Workers'
Union. Should the men once quit work
the construction of the various building
enterprises will \be retarded ' for some
time. - -
Sympathy for International
Union 3laj r Cause Trouble .
for Contractors.
IRON AVOKKEKS MAY
GO OUT OX STRIKE
P**i crand j>r*Eid«ntß— J. J. McDade, il.
Vk . PVwrtyg. j. f. Sullivan. J. F. Smith, C.
I*. Kendon. F. J. Murasky. F. J. Kierce, John
.1-j-nch. Ju.rr.es Oalla^her, Samuel M&skint, A.
F. St. Sure. L. E. Mahan, D. J. O'Leary,
Thcraas W. Kti!y, Jam«i D. WhaJen; grand
thai-lain, Rev. M. D. Elattery; grani president,
Jci-.r. V. Kitip<=ralci; grand first vice president,*
Charl*s G. Wllley; rrand second vice presi
dent. J. J. Burke; grand secretary. Georgt A.
Stanley; rrand treasurer, William T. Agrgtler;
srand marshal. P. J. Thornton; grand Inside
fc'--ntinrl, •Chari*'* D. O'Connor; grand outsld«
fctnvnW. \V. A. eiissmann; grand directors — E.
It. Myrick. R*v. James A. Grant. J. J. Cal
la«han. Jernes C. Hanly. Fred E. Farmer,
1 rank J. O'Brien. Henry C. Coeta, Rev. W. K.
Thoxr.jwn, O. P.
Council No. 1. delegate* — E. R. Myrick.
I*. P. Curtia; alternates— E. F. Murphy P. J.
Hajan.
Not 2 — D. M- Burnett, John Macke; alter
r.at'.F — Jcfcn M. Meyer, J. B. Greene.
No. S— Jcha *E. Richards Jr.. E. C. Calltn;
altfrrr.ases— D. IV. Erwin, E. J. ORourke.
No. 4— J. F. Boland. M. P. Gitmey; alter
i.a'pf — T. V. Hardtmar.n, G«orge M. Cook.
No. s—Peter5 — Peter VlarUn, C. P. Rendon. A. E. '
siasfiJi; alternates — J. H. Ford, M. D. Mur
; v. John FJynn.
t- No. t>— W. V. Harrington, D. J. Hallahan;
i ttrnate* — A. D. Gcn r «.ls. C. H O'Connor.
No. 7— M. T. Rleilr. F. F. Dunne; alter
nates—H. T. B*in. P. J. Kelleher.
No. B—J.8 — J. H. iMng. William McCarthy; «.!
tora&tee — Georpfc Donnelly, M. F. Bronner.
No. 9 — J. J. King, F. J. Cornwell; filter
nate*—P«ttr McCarthy, M. Hlckey Jr.
No. 10 — F. J. Grirfln; alternate — R. Kln
• teila £r.
No. 11— Frank J. Ofßrien.O f Brien. Walter Nooaan;
tl-.emates— P. J. Murphy, T. P. MeOabe.
No. 13 — John P. Corcoran, J. T. Gl&sson;
sltcrtiaxes — J. D. McLAUjrhlin. R. PassaJacqua.
No. 16 — Rev. H. K«lly. O. P.; alternate —
William D^ryer.
No. 21— Dan Martin; alternate — Frank M.
Silva.
No 24— Rev. T. J. O'Connell, H. C. Gal
lagher; alternates — A. F. £t. Sure, W. F.
Marshall.
No. 25 — Peter Kane; alternate — George Wln
kk-rr.aa.
No. 27 — Tom A. Cody, C. D. Hastings; alter
nates—H. P. Ryan. W. J. Fetheretone.
No. 34 — W. J. Riley, Thomas J. Moroney,
\u25a0, Jotn J. Jordan; alternates — L.. F. Guedet. Dan
. iel P. Casey. T. P. O'Brien.
No. S3 — M. J. Hurley, J. B. Queen. R. D.
Eiake. F. A. McCarthy; alternates— Dr. J. A.
Ou-rw. J. T. Linehan. n. A. Miller. W. J.
Hamilton.
No. 41 — M. Cahalon Jr; alternatt — Joseph
McCarthy.
No. 44— John H. Bruen; alternate— A. B.
Ward.
No. 45 — J. Watt; alternat<> — R. J. Dowdall.
No. 47 — Joseph S. Concannon. James D.
Twchey; altercate* — John McClinchey, Edward
Car.sghan.
No. 5!)— C. T. McCarthy, C. H. Cauldfield;
alteraatee — P. J. Farrell. B. C McKinley.
No. 61 — Rev. Joseph P. O'Reilly; alternate —
Jchn Jordan.
So. 64 — Thomas E. Collins; alternate — O. F.
I"oin.
No. C7 — Joseph M. Kelly. H. D. Zook; alter
ratrs — T. B. Callaghan. John O'Neill.
No. 72 — Jam«»* E. Gallagher. E. D. Eulllvan;
alternate*— H. J. Plnkham. Thoma* J. Doyle.
No. 74 — Richard Rtidy. Robert Rooney; al
tfrnavf — Jam^e A. Strain Er., C. Kennelly.
«{ f ,. f>$ — Rev. W. R. Thompson. D. T. Lucey;
«'.tf>rnates — Jams* Hurley. James Ahem.
No. S7 — Joba D. Gstreln; alternate — J. J.
Thornton.
No. 'M — B. Crowlty. P. B. Lynch; alter
rai«»s—Frark Early, Thoma* Crcnin.
No 304 — Rev. R. M. Meetres; alternate — A.
U Aereler.
V^'-o. SCF7 — 3. J. Sharcn; alternate — B. Ehee
,sv,. 3if>— p. F. Canavan; alternate — J. D.
Ktviney &r.
Ho. «t>0 — Jchn L. Matkovich. Marko Kal
!»fich: alternates — SI. C. S* bad In. M. J. Rui-
Mil. '
No. 470 — James J. DriscolL William H. Mur.
— .; : altemateji — A. W. Murphy, Samuel Haa-
No. 473 — J. M. Lynch; alternate — A. J. Mc
• 'icy.
No 6C3 — Dr. J. V. Craviotto. Mario Forno;
alternate «C B. Fugaxl. C. Marzo. - ' _, •
No. 583 — Charles D. Lowe; alternate — I* T.
!'itbel«.
The prcrramme arranged for the con
vention at Santa Cruz Is as follows:
Kur.Aay Aug-aet 20. 2 p. m. — Grand concert
st Caeina band «tand on beach by Thirteenth
Infantry. V. S. A., Band; S p. ra. — Special
promeaade concert tn honor oi T. M. I. by
Thirteenth Infantry. U. S. A.. Band; 10 p. m.
— The Royal Hawaiian Sextet wiU play and
" *ing on roof earden at beach.
Monday Atutu«t 21. 10 a. m. — High mvi at
Holy Croai Church; 2 p. m. — Convening of
• Oraid Council: 8 r. ni. — Reception and dance
to delegates at Casino Auditorium; music by
• Thirteenth Infantry. U. S. A., Band and Royal
Hawaiian Ecxtet.
Tueaday. August 22 — Morning and afternoon
FffcEion of Grand Council; 6 p. m. — Exhibition
.Tat;an»»€ day fireworks at beach; 8 p. m. —
ej>ec!al rrcmenade concert at beach by Thir
teenth Inrarjtry, U. S. A.. Band.
Wednesday. Anra«t 23 — Morning and after
noon session of Grand Couacil; Wednesday
evening — Grand ball at Casino Auditorium.
Thursday, August 24 — Session of Grand
Council: evening — Banquet on roof garden at
the beach.
\u25a0 The members of Santa Crux Council
will epare no effort to make this Grand
Council session, during the hours that
are free to the delegates, one of the most
Interesting and entertaining given to any
organization that has ever visited this
beautiful city.
It has been suggested that the new rit
ual be exemplified during 1 the session, and
it Is likely that arrangements will be
accordingly.
xar reported:
The San Francisco councils of the
Young Men's Institute have arranged for
an excursion by special train to Sacra
mento for Sunday next to join with dele
gations from Stockton, Marysville, Fres
no, Merced and the Sacramento councils
la the exemplification of the ritual and
LSe initiation of a class of candidates.
-yl^y 1^ this will be the concluding exemplifl
ii-uon of the present term It is expected
i fiat a large number of members, accom
jarsied by their friends, will participate
In the excursion. The rate has be«n fixed
at a single fare for the round trip. The
»:a;n will leave the Oakland mole on the
arrival of the ferry-boat leaving here at
* a. m., and on the return the train will
1« are Sacramento at 1 p. m.
The twenty-first annual session of the
Grand Council will convene at Santa
*'ruz on Monday, August 2L Following is
a list of the delegates end alternates so
Dr. Ragan says that warrants will be
sworn out for the arrest of dealers
whose wines arc adulterated and who
refuse to remove the wines from their
shelves or offer them for sale to the
public.
Relative to the presence of arsenic in
wine Gibbs said in' an interview that It
was probably due to the spraying of
some arsenical preparation on the
grapes for the purpose of destroying
parasites. Gtbbs Fays the arsenic might
also be developed from the cleaning of
the wine vats with sulphuric acid, the
commercial kind having arsenic in its
composition.
Since my first report a large amount of
adulterated winta have been removed from th«
market by dealers in addition to that destroyed
by the. Health Board. While there has been
great Improvement, the condition ot the wine
on sale 1« far from satisfactory as yet. .
City Chemist H. D. Gibbs filed yester
day his fifth report on the chemical
analysis of 215 samples of dry Cali
fornia red wines taken from various
dealers and manufacturers in this city.
Of these fifty-one were samples in la
beled bottles" and 164 were taken from
barrels and Duncheons.
Out of the total number of samples
analyzed Gibbs reports that twenty-two
contained coal tar dyes, fourteen salicy
lic acid and ten benzole acid. Glbba
says in ' his report that the names of
the manufacturers of the wines from
which samples were taken are not ac
curate in some cases and he takes the
precaution to put an interrogation
point after some of them. The- report
continues:
There were two bad samples analyzed which
are practically unsalable. Twenty-three \u25a0of
the samples contained arsenic ranging from
traces of the poison up to appreciable quanti
ties. The arsenic Is an accidental ingredient
and I propose to take the matter up with tha
dealers and wine growers 'with a view to solv
ing the problem. . . . \u25a0
Programme Is Arranged for
the Annual Session of
Grand Body at Santa Cruz
Says Arsenic Is Accidental
Ingredient and Will Take
Up Problem With Growers
SUNDAY XEXT THE TDIE
TO ARREST OFFENDERS
Exemplification of Eitual
and Initiation Are to
Take Place at Sacramento
City Chemist Gibbs Detects
Presence of Poisonous Mat
ter in Samples Analyzed
1.M.1. COUNCILS
PLAN EXCURSION
REPORTS WINES
ADULTERATED
TWO WEDDINGS MARK
YESTERDAY'S CALENDAR
/^OON fIfIRRIAGE IN TRINITY GHfIFEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY; AUGUST 10, 51905.
9
AMPSEMESTS. _*
COLUMBIA SRS
-p.^r^ff --^^LAST FOl'R XIGHTS.
afeKendall
In His Latest Laugh Launcher.
Weather Beaten Benson
BEG. NEXT~MONDAY
first TIME unc Tl7T££C OF
here afterMKN WIImI^ the
two tears i«W«J» "iuu*J 1 nc:
llfl?11 CABBAGE PATCH
Wltb MADGE CARR COOK In
Her original rote of Mrs. Wlggs.
SEATS NOW READY
Prices 25c to $1 50.
CORUSCATING VAUDEVILLE!
COL. G ASTON BORDEVERRY;
Edmund Day and Company* "The
Quern's Fan;" Smith and Campbell,
and Orpheum Motion Pictures. Last
Time* of Les Parlsleanesi Patty
. Brother* j 3lme. Cellna Dobc. and
JAMES J. MORTON
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
• .PRICES— IOc. 25c and 50c.
EVEXIXGS AT 8 O'CLOCK SHARP
Only Matinee Saturday, 2 O'clock Sharp
Last Weeks
Robßoy
NEXT.
Francis Wilson's Original N>w York Casino
Production -of -
««ER MIX IE "
AS STAGED BY ' MAX FREEMAN.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES-r2sc. 50c 75c.
GRAND SUM
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Herr ELLIS F. GLICKMAN
the Merchant of Venice
Sat. Matinee. "THE GOLDEN COUNTRY."
Sunday Matinee. "KOL NIDREY."
Sunday Night. "BAR KOCHBA.*'
Beg. SUNDAY MAT.. Aug. 20 •
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In ARRAH NA POGUE
"SEATS READY MONDAY.
HARPER, DESMOhS AND BAILEY,
SGHEPPS 1 DOSS AHD PONIES
And a Itlffh-Clas* Entertainment Kvery
Afternoon and Evcnlnc tn the Theater.
TO-N\GHT. .
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE.
'. > ; Concluding With a
.HANDICAP BOXIXG COXTEST.
CHARLES BIGNEY. Champion High Diver.
CAKE WALK -SATURDAY XIGHT.
ADMISSION.. 10c 1 CHILDREN 5c
Se« CHIQUITA. JThe Living Doll." ' ANNIE
RED LINE, the Plmnp " Lady, * and the BA-
BIES In th» INFANT INCUBATORS.
IVULACE
HOTEI;
Compressed Air. cleaning plant '
Room telephones
'Steam heat. and open Hrea.-
'.Perfect Tentilatlon rjt^
\ Pipe organ and orchestra \u25a0 .
Perfect service ' '\u25a0
Unexcelled cuisine "
Every luxury, attainable
- AMt'SE.IIE.\TB.
A T /^1 A 7 A T"l Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR ts^s.
General Manager.
TO-XICUT — MATS. TO-DAY AND SAT.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In Charles Dickens' Tale of Two Cities.
THE ONLY WAY
CHANGE OP PLAY WEEKLY.
Evn.. 23c to 75c; Mat* Tturs.-Sat.. »c to 30c.
NEXT MONDAY— MR. WHITTLES EY IN
Robert Louis Stevenson" 3 Romance.
PRINCE OTTO
AUG. 21 — THE GREAT IXTERBOGA-
TIO.V.
By Jack London and Lee Bascom.
Followed by DAVID GARIUCK.
Market Street." Near Eighth. :.Phon« South 533
TO-XIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATTXEES SATURDAY AXD SVXDAY.
Theodor* Kelmer 1 * Thrilling Melodrama— His
Latest Success.
No Wedding Bells for Her
Sensational Play. Founded on the Great Coal
Mine Strike of Pennsylvania.
MARVELOUS SCENIC EFFECTS!
SUPREME SENSATIONS!
HERSCHEL MAYALL and tha Entire- Com-
pany.
PRICES — Eve.. 10c to 30c; Mats.. 10c. 15c, 25c.
XEXT— LAXD OF THE 3IIDXIGHT SUX
MISCELLAXEOUS AMrSE-MEXTS.
BASEBALL!
TAGOMA vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
FRIDAY 3:3i> p. m.
SATURDAY 3 p. m.
SUNDAY 2-"0 P- m -
* MISCELLAXEOUS. __
Back East Excursions
Found Trip Tickets to
Chicago $ 72 SO
St. Louis 67 so
Memphis 67 50 '
New Orleans 67 10
Kansas City - 60 00
Omaha 60 00
St. Paul 7O 00
Minneapolis 70 00
Duluth 73 SO
Fort Worth 60 00
New York 108 so
Boston 100 so
Philadelphia 107 So
Baltimore 107 co
Washington. D. C 107 00
09 sals
July ?4-25-2«.
August 13-16-24-23.
September 7-a-&-10-U-18-IT.
Gocd for 80 dajs-
DSSVSa AHD BSTCSH 155.33
05 81LX
Auiraat 10-11-12-30-31.
Good for 40 days. .
These tickets ar* all honored oa
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
ASK THE SANTA FE.
653 Harkat Strsak
. . . .T HE . . ..
Los Angeles Times
Saa Francisco Offlce
ta located ta
ROOM 10, CHROXICLE BriLDEfO
ARTHUR L. FISH, Rcprescatatlre.
If you would do effective advertising
in the Southrwest, drop a line to the
above address or telepnoae Mala 1473
and our « representative will be pleased
to call on you with full information a*
to rates, etc.
THE SUNDAY TIMES, with 38-paga
magazine, $2.50 a year by malL
•y^DEmSTRONGaCQ^^
(1 "PATENTS! J
i One Hundred
Cash" buys a Ster-; :
ling Piano, but
you must come
now.
We have a few
slightly used Ster-
lings v.that we are I
closing out at this '-V
remarkable price.
Isn't this the NA
chance \ you have ' • IS
been looking for? MB
16,01^rr€ll$t.S:E
Sem Jose- fllamedtt'Frcsno
' ; M|gl
Uricspl
Rheumatic
opecitic _
Kidney and- Liver Stimulant.' , Thej
most successful remedy before the
public. ' Does not injure ' the stom-
a ch. . Drop postal " for. : Free Booklet
on Treatment .and Diet for^Rheu-
to- URICSOL CHEMICAL"
• CO^'23d and Grand iAve., Los An-
. geles, Cal." \u25a0 V , -,
For Sale' by 'All Druggists.
Phntn Snorizh I Notion News Good Undermuslin
rUOW DpeLldl* (Second Floor.) I/a/IIPC 1
(Third Floor) . Shoe Laces— ln 3 different lengths, If 01110 g
M- \u25a0 There M * ood ««»«*• Come 6 1 0f W . r ,V " S
jprS^S^ai L r^n Pairs in a bunch......... IvC Women* Gowns-Made of Nam-
\u25a0^^m g lr Cabinet Hairpin-Assorted «&
ElPi^B&Si Kodaks and . Sl2cs: g q y * i ar ° und the neck and d ° wn the
BRfH ' Photographic Ironing Wax— Regular price C* front with cotton Torchon lace;
lllStsi*^P Supply De- 2 for sc. Special. 4 for long full sleeves with lace at the
f^^^f^M^ partment ================= hand; {uIl lcn?th and w ;dth, all
(j|3=f^^<^g^has met with I -*A]p C 9 Rp/fc French seamed. Regularly 75c.
—^f^ such immense L.CIUIC-J I/vllJ Sale price "ZQ +
\u25a0f/j. '\u25a0\u25a0, :\u25a0.'\u25a0 c success this . (Main Floor) # JsC
season. We have painstaking ex- Silk belts made of Taffeta, Peau de Women's Drawers— Cambric, cut
perts who are constantly studying Soie and Liberty Satin, in the full through the body; on a yoke
to please, whether you be a novice latest patterns. These belts range at the waist trimm ed at the bot-
op a trained photographer; further- in price from 75c to $1.25. We tom with a deep j awn flounce ,
more, our prices are right. Will place them on sale hQf with two rows of Torchon lace
First-class developing— per 4C- to-day at, each IS v insertion. Regular price
roll .../;..lOc and JJV \u25a0 ' 50c. Sale price to-day. .. fc^t
First-class printing-each 4c £ AIIOUSt CUffd/f] %^ Covers-Made 'Offjsoft
_ f_ and 0C IIM J MJI VMIIHIII I Nainsook, round neck, full fmnt
Crjfp (Second I with six rows of insertion: fitted
Hypo pure pea crystal— per JT^. t^dfC Floor) back; trimmed at the neck and
P° und • ' ' : ** C Corded Arabian Curtains— 3^ yds arm size J° , match _ ff f on^ _ all
Printing, frames, up to 4x5 *)(\* long." Regular price $2.25; on sale, size?. Regularly 50c. bale HC-
inches, each £l/C special, at "•sf UQ . P" ce to - da y
60-inch Curtains — We have 112 I ~»A\ac 9 €^ anfl *\u25a0
dllr CnA/mlr pairs of White Nottingham Cur- LaQ^S $J dUU -
Diln DUKLlalb tains 6b inches wide, in well coy- (7 C/) CftnPC P7\\Y
\u25a0 ered patterns. Regular price »P*/«*/l/ OW\jKO f i all £
Black Swiss Taffeta— 22 inches $1.75. Special, pair..ff-f 1C tf«J *\Q %
wide, very firm heavy quality for J) I 0 1 *J $£\u0084£0 «
shirtwaist suits; fully guaran- Cottage Curtains— Ruffled Swiss (Mezzanine Floor) v
teed. Regular $1.00 CQ- Curtains 2Y2 yds long; good Commencing to- *rtf3g\ I
value, bale price v^v value Not more than four pairs day we offer an- V& \*-/''\ $
Black Taffeta— 36 inches wide; a . to a customer. Regular *)£+ f»d?/s- bUr h°iVh rJfz^S
chiffon finished, soft and durable 45c- Special, pair fc*/L grade shoes. \s^fW^ \u25a0'
cloth. Never offered for less Fancy Swiss— 36 inches wide, Lace fv*r 500 paira n/y A
than $1.00. Sale price.. OOfT f Stripe?. Dots and Figures. Reg- mense r"dm-* Sl/^^XT^fl
U*J\> ular I2^c and 15c grade. 1 /) >• tlon; they com (j fajtrf!* J9f£9
Black Peau de Soie-ig inches To-day only, yard iV t p^f G JCT
wide: a pure silk; fine weave; | ' | pr regular lace, f\£J& %
lustrous finish Regular CC A^' *%s*£« j "nt "'coll d> - P kln. Jm& \
75c value. Sale price.... */*/V, Jh| r SHißl^l made with larpo JgpS&P S
„, , _; ._; _ • . . . 3r-B 9 A^Ji iL &, >^P eyelets and wldf (S&P^ g
Black Chiffon Poplin— 19 inches p^^&V V /\u25bc r j ribbon; sold in *&^
wide, soft and serviceable; de- \fB&T jf^DrijAKLE regular shoe stores In $3.00 style
WrMc qilW for coats and waists IHU .'ALWAYJ BtWAW* only . u ?ht or medium weight
arable silk tor coats anjl \vaist a . yg^ m/nA/ESSTS, *° lf " Military or Cuban £*} O
Regular 65c quality. Sale A,C- gT fi§AJu\*T^* tJUKL O *«** nef>l; ,. O nr special
j price, yard T*/W \ w • price, pair .*r
- GRAPE-XUTS.
Can You Use
a GOOD Set
BRAINS?
Grape^uts
Contain the food
elements that tend directly
to rebuild the brain.SANTA ROSA, Aug. 9.— The benefit
race meet to-day ; under the auspices
of the Sonoma County Driving Club for
Willard H. Zibble brought out some
good horses. While the attendance was
not large, the affair was a financial
success, the sale of tickets being
large. The principal interest ' centered
in .the \u00842:12 class mixed race, Durfee's
Rita H. and Dr. J.w. Clark's Robizolo
the latter a local horse, being entered
The judges, declared it a dead heat"
The time was 2:12%. There were seven
races in \u25a0 all. ' 3SfeS3§aSS[gSfi
Dead Heat In Santa Ro*a Race.
i INDIANAPOLIS, '. Aug. r ' 9.— Governor
Hanley to ; day i took another step in the
direction of ; enforcing - the law at French
Lick and hereafter . there will< be
no- pool selling : on.» the races. ."Tom"
Taggart, himself , - has ordered the West
ern Union Telegraph \u25a0 Company » to discon
tinue, the race ; service, 'sayings that ;it
would ! riot be ; resumed; in ,the^ future. ,- It
is believed that. Taggart is trying to avert
prosecution . and • it: is ; said that '.the Gov
ernor is ; not disposed jto proceed against
him If there shall be no violations -of
the law in future.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
governor Hanley of Indiana
Continues War Against
Gambling.
IX)S ANGELJES:
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Bernard, o. f. ......... 4 0 2 2 0 0
Flood. 2b. i 3 0 0 32 2
Smith, 3b. .............. 4. 0 2 0 2 0
Dillon, lb. -.3 0.0 10 '10
Eagar, lb 1 0 0 0-"'o'-0
1 Brashear, 8. b. ......... 3 -0. 3 ;1 4 1
Toman, s. a. .....:....".. 1 0 0 -0 0 0
Cravath. r.t. ..........* 0 0 0 0 .0
Ross. 1. t. ............. 3 0 0 3 0 0
Spies, c. ................ 3 0 1' 5 3-0
Gray, p. ............... ._3; _0 : _0 \2
Totals": ...*..,:. i. . ...32 0 8 24 14 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Los Angeles .... 0 0 0000 00 ; M
Base hit 5...... 1 1 2 1 0 2-.1 0 o—B
Portland - . .. .... . 0. 3 0.0 .0 0 . 0 3.x— ti
Bas» hit 5...... 1 3 0 0 11 1* 2 : x— 9
; V SUBIMARY. '
Struck out— By Gray 2,by E^sick 4. \u25a0;: Bases
on balls — Off Gray 4,- oft. Essick- 1. .Two-base
hits — Essick and McLean. Home run — Mitchell.
Double plays — Van . Buren" to Atz, Spies \u25a0to
Flood. \ Stolen bases— Hoffman, . Brashear. L*rt
on (bases— Portland" 6, Los 'Angeles C." First
base on errors — Portland 3.- Time • of- game-
One 'hour and thirty-five minutes. • Umpire—
Davis. -:'\u25a0; \u25a0-•..\u25a0_\u25a0. .\u25a0-\u25a0•\u25a0'/.,.-: \u25a0;:''\u25a0\u25a0';':. . \u25a0:•><\u25a0'.':
POOL SELLING GIVEN :
A NOTHER SEVERE BLOAV
1 PORTLAND, Aug. 9.— Essick shut out
\u25a0 the Angels this afternoon by pitching
I the steadiest kind of ball. He was
given faultless support in the field. ' In
fact some of the work of the Giants
was phenomenal. Los Angeles might
J have scored in the sixth but' for^ the
I long legs of the veteran Van Buren.
[Dillon laced - one nearly to the. score-
I board and so far did It seem beyond the
reach of any fielder that Bernard on
second crossed the, plate and Smith on
first reached third before Van's fingers
clutched the sphere. The double play
1 retired the side. In the second Mike
• Mitchell made a home run, the ' next
1 two men went out. McLean made a' hit
I and Hoffman was passed. Esslck's two
1 bagger scored them both.
j Hoffman, .lately of the Cotton League,
a little fellow, made a favorable . im
i presslon in his initial game at third
! with the big fellows. He handled every
thing: that came his way, secured one
1 hit and was passed v three times. Dillon
; and Brashear' got", gay with Bride
groom Slats Davis and were put out of
the game in- the eighth. The score:
PpKTLANp. " .
\u25a0;•*:.' ab; n.. bh. po.*a. k
Atr. t. s \u0084..-4 0 0.3 :4 0
Van Buren, c. T. '.". .'. : .-" 3 0 . 1 1 l 1 0
Flf min*. ' 1. f.'..v ...4 0 0 10 0
Mitchell, llj :.. 4- 1 ;2 11 0 O
Schlaflry. Vb 4 1 0 380
Householder, r. f. ...... 4 113 O'O
Mcl^ean.c. :..'.......... 4" 234 20
Hoffman, 3b ;..;.. 1 11 IS 0
Eesick. p. .*. 4 0 1 0 1 : ". 0
Total* ......32 6 9. 27 14 0
Shut* Out the Angels After Receiving
Faultless Support in the '
. • Field.
ESSICK PITCHES GREAT BALL.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 9.—
Manager R. TV. Barrett of the Associ
ated Students, of S the University an
nounced to-day, that the new. football
field in course of construction will not
be completed 'In time for any prelimin
ary practice games. Mr. ' Barrett also
expresses grave doubts as to- the pos
sibility of completing the arena- before
the intercollegiate- freshman, match.
Work upon the old field will start
to-morrow and will be^rushed with all
possible ; speed. | Upon this gridiron j the
seating capacity of the present bleach
ers will .prove, ample; for the prelimin
ary games. -\The-! surrounding fences,,
which are in a bad state, will be re
paired , and- the .b leachers strengthened.
The ; ground will be ; thoroughly plowed
andharrowed and the contract for sev
eral loads •of "sawdust has been let.
The field has always been considered a
first-class - gridiron and . will again ably
meet all the demands of the squad. ,
The •: new .. field has been graded and
concrete foundations for ,the supports
of ' 4 the '.bleachers have been finished.
Withthe exception' of, this^ not a stroke
of Uvork has been; performed. ; Not a
stick of lumber with which to build, the
grandstand or fence \u25a0 has appeared upon
the scene of operations. The work will,
however,'* be commenced by the middle
of next week and should, - if" properly
rushed,' be far, enough advanced.by No
vember 7 to^. permit? the 'bleachers', to be
used if : temporaryXehanges were made.
"Work Delayed on Xew Football Field
Causes ] Use of Old Grounds for
Preliminary Struggles.
STANFORD GRIDHtON WILL NOT
BE READY FOR PRACTICE GAMES
SARATOGA SELECTIONS. \
(By the New York Morning TelegTaph.)
Ffrnt race— Flip Flap, Lady Navarre,
Athlete. &^%:t\i>S
. Second race — Pioua, ; 'Charawlnd,
Graeenwny. ' . \u25a0 .'
Third iracc— -Starling,' Snnglow,: Op
tlcianJ - , "\u25a0
Fourth race— lledoain, Merry Lark,
Klnar of Troy.
Fifth race — Memories, Athlone, ! Sir
Rnlph. .
V Sixth race— Cover Ide Lion, Bnss,* In
dian Star. '
Weather clomly. ' '. Track fast.
Reserve- stake — Cubanola . vs. Wboa Bill;
Butte " City vs.- Anna Kyne; Our Motto vs.
Pursuer; Oulda' vs. Miss Domestic; Queen's
Motto vs. Choo Choo; Galveston vs. Medea;
My Surprise' vs. .Gloomy Gus; Daisy Rocket
vs. May Tunlson; Golden Wand.v* Edenvale-
Mlm Emily vs. Belle Marie; Capital Lady vs.
Dear Gaaton; Little Plunger vs. Young Fear
less: May S V 9. Pagliaccl: Walt For Me vs.
Alice Dunn; Conroy vsi False Alarm; ' Doc
Burns vb. Haphazard; Rapid Water vs. Rloho
chet: Vina vs.^lone Hill; Caveletteva. For
Gold: Prometheus vs. Imperious; Melllnwood
vs.: Tar Baby; Badly Used vs. The Earl; Miss
Viking vs. Royal Friend; Elanor B vs. Loretta
Open stake — Belmont vs. Rock Roller; Our
Darky vs. Golden Buck;. Miss Rocklln vs
Fortunate Dawn; Russell J vs. Bill Rocker*
Fontenoy. vs. Youns Mollle R; Wattles vs'
Commercials Traveler: Little Mercy vs. Lady-
Honesty: Pyro vs. John L. Sullivan; Wer*ild
vs. >.Hermit: Black Wizard vs.- Runaway Act
ress; Jennie Gllchrlst vs. Pretty Polly Dick
J vs. Eva'G; Rose Clark vs. Aggie Rocker-
Evil Eye . vs. The Judge: Aurelia vs. Irving
ton Boy; Doretta ye. . Miss Gambit; Honest
Girl vs. Belle Lloyd; Sir Wlnton vs. Gold-
MidnlKht Sun vs. Icellus; Rose of Gold vs'
Bright Pearl; Bright Columbia vs Royal
Spirit; Annie Gi^J vs. Peerless Beauty- Mlas
Brewer vs. Justicia; Sunny Brook vs Grand
Canyon: Sunny Shore v». Little Fellow Lucky
Shamrock vs. Alcatraz;- Crazy Jane vs Jim
H; Irena Hotfoot vs. Reckless Rose " • .
One-,bundred and twenty greyhounds
entered ,- In three stakes will go to the
Blips on Saturday and Sunday at Ingle
side Coursing Park. The ope A stake
will be completed on Saturday. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Class stake— Qulta vs. Tralee Maid; Reckless
Acrobat vs. lodine; Honest John v». SamDler;
Lancashire Lad ye. Friendless Boy: Princess
Savoy vs. Shotgun; Judge Dean vs. The Duke;
Foxhunter vs. Valley Pride; Race Kin* v«.
Red Pepper.
FORT ERIE SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Morning Telegraph.)
\u25a0 First race-— Long Bright, - Zana Me-
Lelland, OnU Grove. - ' *
Second race— Knickerbocker, Kings
Guinea, Lucy Cnrr.
Third' race— Ln , Londe, . Rusk, True
Wlnsf.
' Fourth race— The Trlfler, Sand, Dor
othy Dodd.
Fifth race— Marvel .P, - Tlchlmlnsro,
Colonel Broßntoa. <. *. . < .
\u25a0 Sixth ; race — Monoeliord, Mexzo, King
of the Valley. \u0084•'.• \u25a0 . '.'.-\u25a0\u25a0 '
AVeather clear. Track fast. .
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY
GREYHOUNDS TO START
LATONIA SELECTIONS.
___ (By the New York Morning Telegraph.)
First riiPf—Xfirnn, ftllsa Manner*,
Major Carpenter.
Second race— Hot, Bernice, A. Con
vict.
Third race— Wool Soap, Henry Mora.
Rely.
Fourth race— Florlasel, Dnngannon,
Ai>plc.
Fifth race—Slater j Frances, Sennit ze
entry. Osce. -
Slvth race— Mansard, Moon Et, Auro
ceiver.
Weather clear. Track good. '
SARATOGA, Aug. 9.— While'- reducing
his weight running on the country road
near the racetrack to-day Jockey Willie
Davis, who Is employed by the Paget-
Haggin stable, was overcome by exhaus
tion. He .was removed to the Saratoga
Hospital, where he Is believed to be dy
ing. • t{ ; 'j£ ';\u25a0'..
: He came from St. Louis and has been
riding the Paget-Haggfh horses and those
of August Belmont with great success
this season. He is 19 years old and has
made $60,000 out of riding.
Clever Player Has Hl* .law Fractured
In Game at $enttle. _
SEATTLE, Augr. 9. — It was an un
fortunate game for the Seals this after
noon. Not only did they lose, but Moh
ler and Wilson, two of their best play
ers, were injured and will not be able
to work for some time. In the first
inning Mohler stooped to take a swift
line shot from the bat of Frlck. The
.MOHLER BADLY IXJVItED.
Clever Pace Eider Stricken
While on the Eoad Eeduc
ing His Weight.
JOCKEY WILLIE DAYIS
DYING OF EXHAUSTION
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
(American League.) (National League >
W. L. Pet. W L. Pet
Philadelphla..sl 33 .573 Maw York... 70 30 Too
Chicago 51 38 .573 Plttsburg 63 37 " 630
Cleveland ...64 42 .5«2 Phtladelphla..s3 4- *ski>
Mew Y0rk..!46 41 .529 Chicago .... Ja 43 '573
Boston ./ 46 43 .517 Cincinnati ..53 49 !5"O
Detroit 45 49.475»5t. Loula. . . .39 65 375
Washington. .37 05 .402 Boston 33 71 '317
St. ixmis.... 33 60 .353 Brooklyn • . . .SU 6S ]3U«
NATIONAL LEAGTIEJ.
ST. LOUI^ Aug. 9.— Babb's lon* «jtfl»V:
fly. together with a triple, gave Brooklyn \u2666 j£>
deciding run to-day. Mcrariand opened pot^P
ly. then for ejght.tnnlngs held the- visitor* ab
solutely at bis mercy. Attendance 1200.
Score : *\u25a0 ~2 . \u25a0\u0084 -\u25a0 . . t> vr -v
st. Louis ;... 4 10 E j
Brooklyn S 12 2
Batteries — McFarland, Taylor and Grady-
Scanlon and Bergen. Umpire— Bausewlaa.
PITTSBURG, Aug. o.— Young kept th» hits well
scattered and had It not been for error* Pttts
burg would have scored only^ one run. In the
ninth Inning Umpire Klern. becans» ot coach
ing from th* Plttsburg players' bench, put
every reserve player out of tho grounds, leav
ing only players actually In the- fame on ta«
Held. Attendance, 32C0. score: B. H. EL
Plttsburg 8 T *
Boston \u25a0: »..«8 9 •*
Batteries— HUdebrand and Caxlsca: Toons
and Needham. Umpire^ — Klein.
CHICAGO. Aug. 9.— Three- of Aims' ouse*
to-day were turned Into runs by steal*. ion»
flies and tlmaly hits. Wicker kept the- hits off
him well scattered. Atuncance, 8200. Score*
R. H. E.
Chicago 7 ft s
New York ...8 T i
Batteries— Wicker and CNalUj Amss. Me-
Gtnnity and Bresnahan. Umotrs— O"D»y
CINCINNATI. Aug. 9.— A base- on balls, a
wild throw, three singles and Titus' rombl*
gave Cincinnati four runs and th* ram* In th*
third lnnlnr. Attendance, 2200. Bcor*: \u25a0
Cincinnati 8 11 i
Philadelphia 8 I I
Batteries— Chech and Schieit DusxUSr and
Abbott. Umpire— EmsUa.
AMERICAN LEAOXTD.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 9. — St. Louij hit
Hughes hard to-day, and. with th* asslstanc*
of Washington's misplaya. ran away with th*
game, which was without feature. Bcor*t
R- H. E.
Washington 4 T a
St. Louis OS 12 3
Batteries — Hughes and Klttredg*; P«!tx and
Roth.
BOSTON, Aug. 9. — Boston-Detroit gams post
poned; rain.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 9.—Cleveland-Phila
delphia game postponed; rain. \u25a0 " •
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— New York-Chicago
game postponed; rain.
TWO FLEET GREYHOUNDS
IX A SERIES OP TRIALS
Richard Anton Will Meet Mr. Zlgntgo
at Union Courting; Park on
Sunday.''
Two stakes and one of the matches
in the Grand National stake. will make
up Sunday's card at Union Coursing
Park. .The pair In the Grand National
will be Richard Anton and Mr. Zlgnego
The drajvingr last nlsht resulted as
follows: .
Grand national— Richard Anton v».\lr. Zlg-
Class reserve stake— Presto vs. Gold Chain-
L L C-V9. F^ery Rock; Ml AmigcTvs •Hud
son; Amandan vs. Full .Moon; Eagle vs Pasha
Pleasant^Xorthern Flyer w. Sr««: Btai? v?
Real Pasha; Gambit vs. Auntie Tratae^ The
Referee vsk Agile Spurt: Lucj - ClalT Vi' Po-
Apa^e^ S3SS? Sy MaVIS ReneS3dB
lleserve — Four Paw vs. Peerless Polly
Northern Eclipse vs. Barney R ey: ma Cisaus
va , Texas Jll!; Paul Dunlfar vs. Muggsy; The
\\ Wow vs -/loung Kerry Pippin; Rio vs. Ket
terless; Fiery Cross vs. Young Johnny Rex:
Colom: Lady vs.- Miss Brumzn«l; Black Coon
\a. Jvfnilwortn; Bon Ami vs. Queen's Beauty:
\ouns Tommy R vs. Merit: Th- Mist vs. Mr.
Loiijers: Wild Pe-.s Y3. Tralee Girl:. Happy
Lad vs. Intruder: Tralee Lad vs. Glaucus; Eii
nls vs. Tom Fitz; Luxury V 3. Wild Belle;
Lup'n vs. J R; Goldie vs. Jim Lamb; Assassin*
vs. Sea Lion: Angus Ctssns vs. Lampre Eel-I
Matchless i &>r'ity vs. Wild Mist: The RomafK
vs. Ttrra CotiZ: Blue Craig vs. Sherman; WiM
Gus ys. Texas Mamte; Crawford Be tie vs. Red
Cross: Nurse; Golden Garter vs. Pasha, Kins.
Ruby Sankey vs.,Limer!ck Boy: Rowenm Belte
vs. Trinity Gtrl: Bartagls va. Little Claude:
Frisco L«d vs., Mald-O- Dyne; xv. Old Peach
VS. Orami *Jtw^«ujii»nm<»» \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Sixth race, one mile,' three-year-olds and up,
selling— Day 110. Derry 106, The Don 100,
King of the Valley 105. Colonist 103, * Solon
Shingle 103, Monochord 103, Water Tower 101,
Amberita 101; Gay Llzzette 101, Mezzo 09, Mag
nolin 99. ..-,.". : . ?
Fifth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing — Ttchlmingo 108, Colonel Bronston 104,
Factotum 104, Fortunate 101. Cadlchon 101,
Jean Lee 100. Devoir 100, Marvel P 99, Pea
fowl 92. . \u25a0
Fourth race, mile and seventy, yards, three
year-olds—Mamie Algol ' 107. The Trlfler 107.
Sand 101, Jungle Imp 102. Trapplst 102, C. K.
James 102, Gladys McConnell. : 07, Dorothy
Dodd 02. . . : -
Third race, six furlongs, all ages — I-a tonle
105. Rusk 102. Rebo Ot. Mlnamoto 09. Weird
some 9'J, Capltano OS. Tnie Wing 05, Conjuress
05, Henry Waring 85.
Second race, five furlongs, maidens, two
year-olds — Kings Guinea 110, Goldmate 110,
W. H. Carey 110, Fulbert 107, Lucy Carr 107,
P*ntai?:on 100, Dr. Koch- 106, Knickerbocker
10C. Paeon 100, Lady Hamburg 103. Easter's
Pride- 10H.
FORT ERIE, Aug. 9.— The entries for
to-morrow's races follow:
First race, five furlongs, maidens, two-year
olds—Hockler 110,, Longbright 100. Peter Beck
er 105. Etta M 103, Ethel Pepper 103, Mamie
Foster 10:{. Oak Grove 'lo3, Lady Stewart 103,
Zana McClcllan 103. Hess 103. Fantana ICT
FORT ERIE ENTRIES.
Sixth race, six furlongs, maiden three-year
olds and vp — Indian Star 115, John Lescalle
112, Kolaneka 110, Jay. Fay 115, tons "Brock
115, Brilliant 112, Cour <Je LJon 115. Maxi
mllllan 115, Gambler 112, Fillmoro 115, Agent
112, Bass 115, Salt and Pepper 110, Peter
Knight 112.. . '• .
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
the Huron handicap, $1500 added, three-year
olds — Cairngorm 120, Merry Lark 115, St. Bel
lane 114. King of Troy 113. Dandelion 112,
Bedouin 110, Palm Tree 102, Gamara 102, Con
suelo II 95. Kehailan 03, DArkle 92.
Fifth race, one mile, three-year-olds and up,
selling— Stroller 103, Memories 96, Dr. Spruill
J»6, Sir Ralph BS. Athlone us, Humo 98, Uncle
Urigh 106, Jocund 106, Mad .Mullah 98, St.
Valentine 101. Telephone 106.. "
Third Alarm 107. Cock Sure 102. Burnett 104,
Suds 97. Slr< Caruthers 109, Starling 100,
Klngsmere 100, Odd Ella 101, Volo 102. Fla
vlgny 99, Disobedient 104, Hampton Lady !10,
Optician 105, Oriflame 97, Ireland 102,-Mintia
109, Gentian 100, Azure 99.
SARATOGA, Aug. 9f— Cairngorm is
asked to pick up a heavy impost in the
Huron handicap, the feature of to-mor
row's card. The day's entries:"
First race, six furlongs, two-year-olds — Sid
ney F 115, Lady Navarre 11C, James Reddlck
117, Athlete 10S. Flip Flap 114, Confederate
110, Veronese 98. Anodyne 114, Sly Ben 110.
Second race, steeplechase, short cwrse, han
dicap, four-year-olds and up, selling — Temeri
ty 130. Conoi-er 145. Buck O'Dowd 136. Paula
ker 13T», The Virginian 142. Pious 147, Grace
away. IH, George Keene 135, Charawind 153,
Decimo 132. . ~ .
Third race, five and a half furlongs, twd
ytar-olds, selling — Sunlow 10.1, Adesso ' 102,
SARATOGA EXTRIES.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 9.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Latonia follow:
First race, six and a half furlones — Kate
Zltt S5. Nominee 00, Col. Jim Douglas 90,
Naran 97, Miss Manners 97, Pierce J 97. Tho
Laurel 97, Danube 97, Major Carpenter 97, Ike
90. Flori 100, Sam Craig 102.
Second race, one mile, selling — Lady Belaii
92 Gracious 92, Brown . Vail 92, Bernice 02,
Mabel Winn 97, Hot 99, A Convict 97, Ani
mosity 102 Saftey Light 04.
Third race, five furlongs, purse — True 101,
Julius Frank 104. Wool Soap 104. Windshield
104, Leo Bright 104, Hot Toddy 104. Fresnola
104 Flagstone 104. Stoner Hill 104. Saints Day
104 Henry Morn 105. Ecleptic 105, Rely 108,
Sea Mate" 103.
Fourth race one mile and a hundred yards,
selling— Federal 92, Outlaw 92. Rlan 92, Dun
gannon 95. Apple 05, Axares 97, Florizel 97,
Frivol C 9, Fonsoluca 105.
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse — Queen Car
oline 100. Sister Frances 107, Merry Belle 100.
Zienap 112, Lillta 100, Osee 102. Zlenap and
Lllita Schulte entry.
Sixth race, clx and a half furlongs, sellins
— Belltoone 92. Mansard 10S, J. W. O'Neill 104,
Merino 95 Ruth's Royal 107. Auroceiver 98,
El Donoso 117, Moon Et 105. Picture Hat 90.
Muralda 103, Denice 90, Eleanor Howard 97.
LATOXIA ENTRIES.
SEVENTH RACE— Six and a. half furlongs:
selling; three-year-olds and up: -V- : >
Betting. Horse. Weight." Jockey. St. *i Fin
9to s—Hd.5 — Hd. Fling, 95 \u25a0 (Jackson). 3 2h 1 1
4 to I— Jol. Witch, 100 (Boland). 7;6 3 2 2
7 to I— J.H.Kirby, Of (F^reejnan) 5 3 ns 3 ns
Time, 1:21 1-5. Start poor. Won ridden out.
Winner. E. W. Moore's eh. c. by Knight of
the Thistle-Morris Dance. Alcantara, Monis.
Silurian. Peggy, Many Thanks and Polk Mil
ler finished as named. • '
Earned runs — Seattle 1. San " Francisco 1.
Two-base hits— Frary. Frlck, Roach. Three
base hit — Mohler. Home run — Nealon. Double
playe — Hildebrand to Wilson. Sacrifice hits —
Frick, Roach. Stolen bases — Walters, Blan
ktnshlp (2), Hart, Frlck. Waldron (2). Hilde
brand. Struck out — By Roach 3 by Wheeler
1. by , Henley 3. - Base on balls— Wheeler.
Passed ball — Blankenshlp. Left on bases
Seattle 5, Fan Franciico 4. Innings pitched —
by Wheeler 1. runs 2," hits 2; by Henly 7 hits
a. runs" 4. Time of game— 2:oo. Umpire Pe
rine.
SUMMART.
' SEATTLE.
„. , AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, rf 4 1 1 2 0 0
Kane. 3b 4 0 1 0 2 0
Blanker.ghip, c 3 2 0 4 2 0
Hart, cr ;. 4 2 ,3 3 0 0
Frlck. ~2b a 0 2 2 4 0
Houtz, If :..... 4 0 1 0 0 0
Frary, lb 4 0 1 11 0 0
R. Hall ss 4 1 14 4 0
Roach, p 2 0 1 0 1 1
Totals 31 C 11' '26 13 1
•Hildebrand out: .bunted third strike. :
SAN FRANCISCO, i
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Wn'.dron, cf 4 2 2. 1.0,- 0
Mohler. 2b ..I" 0 1 0 0 0
Henley, p 3 0 0 0 5 1
Hildebrand. If.; 4 0 1 3 1 0
liwin. :!b 4 0 0 0 1 1
Ncalon. 3b 4 1 2 12 0 1
Spencer, rf 4 0 1 0 0 0
Wilson, c 2 0.0 4 0 0
Shea, c 2 0 1 2 00
Gochnauer. ss 3 0 0 0 3/ 0
Wheeler, p & 2b. 3 0 0 2 4 1
Totals 34 3 8 24 14 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. !
Seattle 2 0 0 0 2 0 o' 2 x— 6
Base hits 2 1 0 1 3 1 12 x— ll
San Francisco. .:.O 0 1110 0 0 0— 3
Base hits 1 2 2"l 1 1 0 0 0^- 8
ball took an ugly bound and Mohler
was led off the Held with a badly frac
tured jaw. He was taken to the hospi
tal in an ambulance. Later in the game
Wilson had two fingers on his right
hand badly torn by a foul tip. The
locals outbatted and outfielded the visi
tors and won on their merits. Nealon
will not have to spend any money for
food this week. He belted the ball out
of the lot again and received another
meal ticket. Score:
SIXTH ' RACE — Seven furlongs, handicap;
for all azes: . . '• \u25a0 '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. =i Fin.
15 to I— Pat Bulger.llKHelgeson) 2 fi i£ I a;
4to I— Graziallo. 126 (WKnapp) 3 5 h 2 %
10 to I—Councilmn,1 — Councilmn, 108 (W.Bchn) 7 4 h 3 h
Time, 1:27. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. L. Thompson's br. c, ,by Prince Ru
dolph-Lark.iome. Inferno, Incantation, Ad
riutha. Prince Sllverwings. Goldsmith, Fon
casta, Israelite. Emperor of India, finished as
named. ' *
Keeps the Hits Well Scat
tered in a Game With
Pittsburgh
Time, 2:21. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. -F. Newman & Son's b. m. by Lord
Dalmeny-Bessle Blsland. Lemon Girl, Fair
Reveler, Scalper and Honda finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and three-eighths miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7to 10— Our Bessle,lo2 (Preston) 4 2 112
Gto I— Pr.of PilE*en,loB (Bolnd) 1 1 ns 2 h
13 to s— lnk, 107 (Munroe).V:.;; 5. 5 2 3 3
CV YOUXG OF BOSTON
EETAIXS HIS CUNNING
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse: - , '\u25a0
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
13 to I— Nutterwell,lo3 (Jackson) 4 3 l&l 2
9to I—All1 — All Brown, 103 (Cassell). 5 4 3 2 3
Ito 3— Cut Glass. 10S (M'Lghln) 3 2 % 3 h
Time 1:04. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
H. W. Nutter' 8 eh. t. by Hanwell-Vena N.
Jack's Queen 103, Lila M 104, Hattie King
ston 103, Pearl Russell 103. finished as named.
SIXTH. BACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up: selling: • ;
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I— Black F0x,114 (M'Lghln) 3 12 1 IU,
Bto s—Euba,5 — Euba, ICO (Robinson)... 7 3 (422
20 to I— Covina, 107 (Henderson) 4 4 h 3 h
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Hughes Bros.' br. h. (7) . by St.
George-Marie Jansen. Joe Goss 109, Colonel
Jim Douglass 105, Best Man 114, Blytheness
114, The Roustabout 105. AUlsta 112. Horton
112, Full Sway 110, Sand Bath 110, finished
aa named.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling; three-year-olds and upward: '.
Hetttng/ Horse. Weight. Jockey." St. % Fin.
12 to I— Bedlam; 104 (Walsh).... 1 5 Va-1 h
Even— The Thrall, 100 (Taylor) 3 3*5 2 2
4to I— Yosan, 107 (Murphy)..'. 7 -' 1 2 3 ns
• Time| 1:23. Start straggling. Won driving.
Winner, K. Nixon & Co.'s eh. g. by Iroquols-
Grace J. \u25a0 C'hantrelle, Prestige, Immortelle,
Stay Away, The. Don and .Sneer finished as
named. \u25a0 . .' .*.-/. -\u25a0
Time. 1:41. Start good. Won driylnK. Win
ner. M. H. Tlchenor's blk.' f.. by Pirate of
Penzance-Fertile. Colossal Little Woods, Port
Arthur, Belllndian, The Gadfly, Cabin, Brad
ley's Pet. Gray Lad, Barbarosa, Robador,; Lin
eal." finished as named. \u25a0-. . ;
FOURTH RACE— One and three-sixteenths
nvilep handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. f4 Fin.
20 to I—Wire1 — Wire In, 100 (Romanelli) 1 5 ns 1 1
IS to I—Bragg.1 — Bragg. ICO (J. Mclntyre) 3 3 1 2 ns
4to I— Oarsman. 120 (Dugan).. 0 4 h 3 2
Time, 2:01 1-5. Stari good. Won driving.
Winner, KirlcHeld Stables' eh. h.. by Wick
ham-Lady Lightfoot 11. • Tlron, Red Friar,
Little Scout, Uncle Xlrlgh, Caronal. Elwood,
finished as named. r .. r , ( jf ,
FIFTH RACE— One mile, selling; three-year
olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i , Fin.
10 toT>— Loretta M.lOO(McDanlel) 2.S % lh
5 to I—Ascot1 — Ascot Belle,lo6(J.Mnrtn)l2 12 2h
12 to >— Our Sister. 105 (Hldbrd)ll ; 8 S 1%
Both men are practically through train
ing and both are pronounced fit for the
contest.
Sullivan cannot see any such thing as
defeat ahead for McCormick. Last night
the management of the Colma Club was
asked by the McCormick managers if a
match could be arranged for the Texas
giant to meet Jack Jeffries at Colma on
the first Friday in September. It is a
foregone conclusion with them that Mc-
Cormick will beat Ruhlin and Sullivan
says he would like to have him fight
every two weeks and meet every heavy
weight who thinks he ha 3 a chance with
him.
Both Gus Ruhlin and Jim Mc<^ormlck,
who meet, at Colma to-morrow night,
have chosen their seconds for the occa
sion. The mighty John L. Sullivan will
attract much attention as the chief ad
viser of McCormlck. His assistants will
be Jimmy Carroll and Jimmy Kelly. In
the corner with Ruhlin will be Billy Mad
den. It will seem/ strange to the old
timers who may be at the ringside to see
Madden and Sullivan In separate corners,
they having been together so much while
John L. was winning and defending the
title of world's champion. !
The one thing the sporting men say
Ruhlin will have to look out for when he
meets McCormick Is a right hand body
blow. Those who have seen the big Tex
an In his training Quarters say It Is a
sure sleep potion to whoever comes In
contact with It.
Time, 1:02. Start good. Won cleverly*.
Winner, A. Brown & Co.'s eh. c. by Lord Es
terllng-Lucrece. Grevil'a, Proposer and Her
man Johnson finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; purse;
two- year-olds : • - -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— P. Sterling. IC4 (Landry) 1 4 111
otos— F. Catcham, 112 (Mnro) 3 11 2 1
7to I—Away,1 — Away, 101 (Hennessey). 2 2 1 3 4
HEAVY-AVEIGHTS ARE IN TRIM.
THIRD RACE— Six runongs; the Grand
Union Hotel stakes of $10,000; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Sto s— Battleaxe, 117 (ReJfern) 5 5 h 1 %
15 to I— Sandy D, 112 (Austin).. 9 7 h 2 1%
3to I— J. Wernberg,ll2(O-;<eill) 0 2 % 3 IJ*.
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won cleverly. Win
ner. 11. P. Whitney's b. c. by Hamburg-Eia.
Midas, Vendor, Accountant, McKittredgc, Ben
Hoder, Ticker and Red Eye finished as named.
Time." 1:28 4-5. Start straggling. Won easi
ly. Winner. J. F. Nichols 1 eh. f. by Friar-
Harpy. Probe, Old Mike, Jehane . Chaneida,
Muldoon, Showman, Demurrer and Klngralne
finished -as named. - .
THIRD RACE — Seven- rurlongs; three-year
clds and up; selling: - \u25a0
Betting. Horse. Weight,' Jockey. St. »i Fin.
sto I— Trapping OS (A. Walsh) 3 14 12%
10 to I— Four Leaf C.10"(D.Blnd) 2 4 1%2 4
Cto I— Reeves, 116 (Munroe) 6 2 13 1%
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
sto 2— Lady Travers.llO(Munroe) 3 4 2 1 h
7to 2— Cnrew, 103 (Obert) 2 2123
Hto I— Annie Berry. OS(Christian) 5 5 2 3 ns
Time, 1:09 3-5. Start, good. Won driving.
Winner, PungaF»& Co.'s eh. f. by Cayuga-Iron
Mistress. . Alma Gardia, Etta M, Oleasa,
Gamester, Calabogue, Sago and Little Rose fin
ished as named.
. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse: \u25a0
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ft. Fin.
18 to s—Agnolo,5 — Agnolo, ICO (Robinson) 2 3 3 1 h
9 to s— •Komola. 101 (McLghn) 1 2 *£ 2 2
'30 to I— Anita, 9S (Morris) G 1 I^3 I}j
13 to 10— Trenola. 100 (Radtke). 3 -6 41
Time, 1:02 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. E. Cotton's eh. c, by Ingoldsby-
Agno. Speechmaker 101. Pretty Nellie 93, fin
ished as named. 'Disqualified for fouling.
FOURTH RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
thn-e-ycar-olds and up; handicap:
! Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Bto I— Ohio King, 125 (McClain) 1 1 « 1 6
4 to I— N.Amsterdam, 137 (Ford) 2 2 25 2 40
9to s—Gould,5 — Gould, 145 (Johnson) 5 3 10 3 10
Time, 3:01. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
W. Webb's eh. h. (C) by Irish Klng-Fanella.
Onyx H 113," Blue Mint 137, finished as
named. Alice Commoner 119. ran out. Kii
morle 136, lost rider.
Time, 1:50 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. Strauss & Co.'s eh. t., by Her
mence-Readina. Scotch Thistle lOC, Dr. Riley
96. Katie Powers 96, Royal Pearl 100, finished
as named. .
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
threj-year-olds and upf selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
» to Ited Leaf. US (Radtke) 1 1 o lr%
9 to I— Hot, HO (Koerner) 4 2 3 2 3
10 to I— M. Hanlon. 99 (Wilms) 5 6 5 3 2
AB. R. EH.FB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. f D 1 2 <• 3 0 1
ttancke, ?. * 5 o ; <> o 6 2
Dcnteavjr, 1. f S 12 0 2 0 1
Krug. r. lb 4 1 1 0 lo 0 3
K«--lly. 2b 4 1 1 O 3 0 0
<>oi], r. f 4 O *) O 3 0 O
Dvvrreaux. .Vo 3 2 2 2 2 3 2
Stanley, c 4 0 <t 0 4 O 0
Hoiran, p 3 1 2 1 0 3 1
Pici-ce. j> 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
•Graham . .-. 1 0 « 0 <> 0 0
Sohmtdt. p 0 0 0.0 0 0 0
, Totals :'.s 7 12 3 27 12 il
TACCMA.
AH. R. I!H. SB. PO. A. E.
Pnyje. r. f «> 4 .V 0 0 0 0
Rheefaan, 3b S 1 2 O 0 4 1
Nordyke. 3b .'• 2 2 O 20 O O
Kajran. s-. s S « 1 O 0 5 O
M.Laughliti 1. f 0 r 2 1 2 0 0
I.ynch, c. f 4 2 1 1 1 0 O
<:as?y. 2b 4 2 12 2 4 0
H. Ho£an, c 5 2 3 12 3 1
Brown, p \ 5 1 O 0 0 2 0
Totals 44 Ifi 15 5 27 19 2
•Hatted for Pierce in tiphth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ts oma 2 0 0 0 0 6 1 1 6— in
Hase hit? 3 <• 0 O 1 5 1 1 4—15
Oakland « O O O 3 3 1 0 0— 7
I>.se hits 0 1 0 1 3 4.1 1 I—l 2
SUMMARY.
Hits off Hogan 0. off Pierce 2, off Schmidt
4. Three-base hit — Shechan. Two-base hits —
Fra ricks. Nordyke, Devereaux. Sacrifice hits
— Shcehan, Eafirnn. Kelly. First base on errors
— Tacoma C. First base on called balls — Off
Hojran 1, off Brown 2. Left on base? — Oakland
7. Tacoma 6. Struck out — By Hogan 2, by
Pierce 1. by Brown 2. Hit by pitcher — Casey.
Time of jamo — One hour and fifty-five min
utes. Umpires — McDonald and Bray.
OAKLAND.
The cJimax came in the iinal spasm of
the day. Rip Van Haltren had just
chased Busher Pierce to the bench and
trotted Smiling Schmidt out on the mound.
What the Tigers di? to' him was a shame
and an outrage. They hit and hit and
the Commuters booted and booted till
they nearly had paralysis of the feet
and arms. It ended wnen Tacoma had
squeezed six mere runs over.
With the' score 2 to 0 against them in
the fifth, the Commuters pulled them
selves together for a rally and sent three
runs in. It looki-d good then, but the
Tigers commenced to wallop Mr. Hogan
in the sixth and found him for a bunch
ot six runs. Hogan was hit hard, but at
that it was not his fault, as his field
ers were never there, passing up every
thing that skimmed along the grass.
Oakland seemed determined to go some
even if the rally did not get them any
thing, so in their half of the sixth they
cummenced once mere to office up to the
collection of Mr. Brown. They bingled
and ran the bases till three more had ar
rived. But for Kruger's dummy stunt
of pelting caught off second, it might
have been a deadlock. The score:
The frame of baseball at Recreation
lark yesterday was a batting carnival,
an error fest, a fan's dream and a joke,
It started off badly, picked up again,
then foil down, jrrew good looking and
finally finished like a roußh house scene
on the Barbary Coast. The Commuters
mad*- seven runs?, but they were also
there win: eleven boots, all of which
ii!luw«-d the Tigers to pile up run after
run.
PACIFIC COAST UEACCE.
W. !-. P«. 1 V>\ L. Pet.
Feattlc 6 2 .T.">o Oakland -4 4 .3W»
Ts'^rra 4 :i .371 (Kan Frap... 3 5 ..">75
Portland 5 4 iSOILoa Angelrs.2 C .250
M'A.VOINC; OP THE CLVBS,
Time, 4:34 2-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. Hitchcock Jr.'s b. g. by Aerolithe-Tld
dledewJnkE. Graceaway and Daffodown Dilly
finished as named.
SECOXD RACE — Steeplechase, about two
miles; handicap; four-year-olds and up: \u25a0 :
Betting. 'Horse, Weight. Jockey! St. «i Fin.
7to 2 — Jim Newman. 159(Harris) 3 2 6 18
sto I—Presgrave,1 — Presgrave, 154 r (Clarke) . . 1 10 2
7to I— Punctual, 138 (Devereaux) 4 4 3
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 9. — The card
was- a good one to-day, the" stake fea
ture being the $10,000 Grand Union
Hotel stakes for youngsters. v lt proved
siniply'a walkover for H. P. Whitney's
Battleaxe, the son of Hamburg, which
led all the way and won cleverly.
Sandy D came from far in the rear and
finished second. ' He was running over
his field at the finish. Jerry Wernberg
was a well played second choice, but
did-.not run to- his work. He was in
second place for a -time and then tried
to,, fun out on the home stretch, but
was. finally straightened out. He was
second four jumps from the finish, but
Sandy D nabbed him on the post.
Midas stopped in the last furlong.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a- halt furlongs;
pelllng; two-year-old nliies: . . .•
Betting. Horse, Weight, "Jocney. St. % Fin.
oto 1— Avlston. 97 (Mclntyre).. 1 13 1 3&
4to I— Bivouac, 105 (Hildebrnd) 5 0 2 2 3
13 toO— Ruth W, 110 (W. Knapp) 9 8 2 :t ns
Time, 1 :07 4-5. Start baa. Won easily. Win
ner, J. L. .McGinnis' eh. f. by Ayrshire-Miss
Ellec. Margaret M, Jessamine, Miss Point,
Astrea. Dodlna, Descend, Madlna, • Amnesia,
Annift Oakley and Royal China finished as
named. j
Time, I :2D 1-5. Start grood. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Dealy & Co.'s b. g. oy Ktgister-Bonnle
Leo. Ernest Parham, Maraschino, Dutch Fri
gate; Laura Hunttr, Edna Tanner, • Stock Ex
change Glendon and Bluish finished as named.
BUFFALO/ N. V.; Aug. B.— Not until
the last two races on the seven-race card
at Fort Erie to-day did a favorite show
in front, and by that time the books
had reaped quite a harvest. A- race at
one and three-eighths miles was the prin
cipal attraction. There were seven start
ers, of which Our Bessie was the favor
ite. She had no trouble in winning. After
indulging Prince Of Pilsen with the lead
for the lirst several furlongs she went to
the front as soon as Preston called on
her and from there on it was her race
without any trouble. Ink challenged her
in the run home, bdt could not overtake
her. Summary: .K[
FIRST RACE— Seven ,'rurlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horae. Weight,', Jockey. St. % Fin.
1) to 2— Bart Howe, ltttl (Dealy) 3 1 Va 1 M*
7to 2-Tora Crabb, IC9 I (Toomn) 6 3 1 2 2
13 to s—Dixie5 — Dixie Andrews,9s(Swain) 8 5 1 3 ns
: CINCINNATI, Aug. 9.— The sun man
aged to break through the clouds to
day, but the track Is still rough and
far from at its best. The feature
event of, the card was the race for two
year-olds. After a pretty and an ex
citing struggle Angolo won by a head.
Trenola, the favorite, ran as though
he had a wagon load of hay In him.
Roraola, on .which McLaughlin out
broke his field, finished second, but was,,
disqualified for plainly fouling Angola.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
5 to I— Arachne. 112 (Booker).. 8 4 a 1 4
30 to I— Maceona, 107 (Wilson). 2 2^2%
30 to I— Flor. May, 100 (Morris) 7 " 3 h 3 2
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C./Hak & Sens' eh. m. (7), by St. Saviour-
Distaff. Lady Lou 100, Green Gown llu. Gra
cious 107, Kneda 105, Del Soboso 107, Fontesla
107, Chauncy 105. Python 110, A Convict 110.
Wakeful 100, Red Cliff 114, finished as named.
, . Special Dispatch to The Call.
TO-DWS GAStKS.
Tacoma-Otiklnnil nt Ke<TeaUon lark.
I.ob Aajecie* at Portland.
I'raEcin'.'o nt S«*a<tl*. .'_ •
niMI.TS OF GAMES.
$€ i :itt!e, O; f>an I'mneisco, 3.
l'n«>(>ina, I»S; Oakland, 7.
l'orttanri, Oj IJon Ansrlcn, 9.
_ Eddie Hanlon left . last night for Los
Angeles, where he Is matched with Willie
Fitzgerald. They are to weigh In at 133
pounds.
Jimmy Gardner, who seemed drawn
rather fine when he made 133 pounds at
6 o'clock for Turner, is anxious to fight
Britt at 133 pounds, professing to be able
to do the weight. He will weigh in at
142 pounds when he meets Buddy Ryan,
which shows he .is a big boy.
Mike (Twin) Sullivan is anxious to try
conclusions with Britt. He has sent sev
eral wires to Morris Levy urging his
claims to a match. .
Brltt's friends assert .that he will not
entertain the offer, chiefly on account of
the extra round 3. From present appear
ances Britt will keep Nelson on the anx
ious seat about a match so long that
when they finally talk business the Dane
and his friends will be so dizzy that they
will be glad to accept any proposition.
The men are not likely to meet until the
racing season is in full swing.
l>»*»dy Bishop disclaims making Nolan
an offer of 65 per cent on Tuesday even
ing when he broached him on the subject
of a match. He was not authorized to
make a specific • offer, but to ascertain
the views of Nolan in the matter.
Unless Battling: Nelson "shows a
proper disposition" it Is on the cards for
Jimmy Britt to fight either Jimmy Gard
ner or Mike (Twin) Sullivan before the
Hayes Valley Club next month.
Before leaving the city for santa Cruz
Willie Britt authorized Morris Levy to
make the best match available for his
brother. Under this heading the Nelson
match is the most attractive, but the
Dane wants to snap up Manager Jim Cof
frotrTs $30,000 for a fight at Colma. which
must be a forty-flve-round affair. This
appeals to him, as the farther he goes the
faster he fights.
tpeclal Dispatch l to The Call.
The New California Jockey Club has
j added-] three new stakes to • Its list for
\u25a0 tiiis season. They are all for two-year*
. olds. They are the Daniel T. Murphy
handicap for foals of 1903 at one mile,
j the Cunst stakes for nilies at four fur
• longs and the Alexander Hamilton
. staKos at four furlongs for' -colts and
| geldings.
The season will open as usual on
I November 11. The Burns handicap will
| be run on January '21 and the Califor
nia Derby on February 22. The list v of
I stakis follows:
j Opening handicap — $2000 added; to be run
j Saturday, November 11, I'JCS; one mile.
I Thanksgiving handicap — $2000 Jflded; to b*
run Thursday, November 30, ISM.3; one mile
j and a furlong. - - . . •
; Crocker Selling stakes— s2ooo added; for
thrpc-jxar-olds and upward at time of closing;
to be run Saturday. December 0, 1905; one
mile.
Daniel T. Murphy handicap — For two-year
olds <foals of 1003); $20u0 addod- to be run
Saturday. Dec-ember 1«. ISHJS; one mile.
Christmas handicap — ?.'!000 added: to be run
Monday, December 25, V.KJS; one and a quarter
miles.
New Year handicap — $2000 added; to be run
Monday. January 1, 10CO; one mile and a fur
long:.
l-'ollansbee handicap— s2ooo added; a high- \
wtight handicap lor two-year-olds and upward
at time of closing; to be run Saturday, Janu
ary C. lfl(K>; seven furlongs.
Adam Andrew Selling stake? — $2000 added:
for two-year-olds and upward at time of
closing: to be run Saturday, January 13. 1900;
six and a half furlongs.
Ussak handles p— s2ooo added; a handicap
tor two-year-olds and upward at time ct '
closing: to be run Saturday, January 20, 1000;
one mile.
Burns handicap — $10,000; to be run Satur
day, January 27, 1906; one and a quarter
miles.
California Oaks — $2000 added; for three-year
old nliies of 1906 (now two-year-olds); to be
run Saturday, February a, 1906; one and a
sixteenth miles.
I'alace Hotel handicap — $2000 added; a nan-,
aicap for two-year-olds and upward at time
of elosirg; to be run Saturday, February 10,
1900: one mile and a furlong. . ,
California Derby — $2500 added: thr?e-year
olds of 1905 (now two-year-Olds); to be run
Thursday, February 22, 190<i; one and a quar
ter miles.
AVaterhouse Cup— s3ooo added; a handicap
for two-year-olds and upward at time of
closing: to be run Saturday, March X, 1900;
two and a quarter miles.
Thornton stakes — $2500 added • for two-year
olds and upward at time of closing; to be run
Saturday, March 17. 190G; four miles.
Kntries for the foregoing: stakes close
Monday, October 23, 1905. Entries for
the following two-year-old stakes for
190G close December 4. 1905: : FT i
! Gunst stakes— slsoo for two-year-old
i fillies (now yearlings); to be run Saturday,
February 17, ISC6; four furlongs.
Alexander Hamilton stakes — $1500 added; for
colts and geldings (now yearlings) to be run
Saturday, March 10, 1906; four furlongs.
Bell stakes — $2000, added; for two-year-olds
(now yearlings) ; to be run Saturday, March
24. J9o<;; four and a half furlongs.
Gebhard handicap— s2soo added; for two
year-olds (now jtarlings); to be run Satur
day, March 31, 1906; five furlongs
ti-.iH pace, purse $1500. three heats— Locanda
won the first and second heats in -:03 and
2:00. Anidroais won the third heat in 2-CttU
Nervoto was third. Belle M, Hazel Patch
King Direct and Nathan Strauss also started.
2:11 trot, purse fli*.»>, three heata — Turley
won the second and third heats in 2:oS'i and
2:00%. John Caldwell won the nrst heat in
2:UO. Robert Me was third. Lady Gail Mil
ton. Major Greer. Nora McKlsney and Millard
launders also started.
2:17 pace, purse $2uOO — Bolivar won the sec
ond heat in 2:l)8Vj. Charlie Patch won the
third heat in 2:tt)-%. Hal T won the first heat
in 2:06^. Captain Derby. F. J. Park. Black
Patchen, Bonnie Wilkes. Albula and Red
Nightingale also started.
2:08 trot, purse $1000. three heats— Snyder
McGregor won the first and third heats in
-:05 and 2:o*>}a. .Norman won the second heat
in 2:05. Direct View was third. Topsey ana
Tuna also started.
BUFFALO. N. T.. Aug. 9.— Ed Geers, '
the dean of the Grand Circuit drivers,
had a ciose call this afternoon at Kersil
worth Park. The veteran was Jn the
! sulky behind King Direct In the 2:o* pace.
i the feature of the day. when In the third
j heat at the head of the stretch King
Direct, pacing strongly, struck his hoof
through the wheel of Locanda'a sulky.
There was a tangle of horses, sulkies and
I drivers almost immediately swallowed in
j a cloud of dust. When the dust cleared
Geers was seen prostrate on the ground.
Driver Snow was on his feet making his
way to the judges' stand; Locanda had
been safely caught and King Direct had
started on a wild runaway, dragging
i along a somewhat shattered sulky.
Soon stable hands and others, including
I a physician, were at Geers* side. It wai
found that he had suffered a bad cut of
; Ijis leg and was stunned, but he speedi
ly recovered his breath, and his first
words were:
"Now don't make a hurrah of this thing
and scare everybody to death for noth
ing."
To show he was all right. Geers cama
out driving Turley in the 2:11 trot which
followed. He won the deciding heat, be
ing given a tremendous ovation. Locan
da had two heats In the 2:04 pace when
the accident occurred. The judges found
' bath drivers blameless and placed the
horses in the final heat so the Allerton
stallion got the race. Locanda was th«
favorite at $50 to $10 on the field befora
the first heat, and ruled favorite through
out.
John Caldwell. owned by CoL J. C. J
KJrkpatrlck of San Francisco, won th«
first' heat of tne 2:11 trot in 2:09%. Sum
mar j::
Special Dispatch' to The Call
Jimmy Gardner Professes
His .Ability to Reach a
Low Weight if Necessary
Five Races Are Run Before
a Public Choice Catches
the Eyes of the Judges
Takes the Feature /~ Event
ifor Two -Year -Olds on
i the- Latonia . Race Card
Comes Out Later in the
Day Behind Turley, Win
ning the Deciding Heat
San dy D G ve r ta k es
/cJerry Wernberg
at Wire.
EASTERN MEN IX VIEW
SHOWS GREAT GAMEXESS
ANGOLO FIRST
BY SCANT HEAD
Morris Levy Authorized to
- Secure an Opponent for
the Shifty Lightweight
Veteran Eeinsman Is Thrown
From His Sulky While
Piloting King Direct
Hamburg Colt of
Whitney's Leads
•;- All the Way
After Enjoying Prosperity
for Awhile. Tliey^ Fall
Down and Toss Game Away
OAKS RALLY TWICE
Everybody Boots the Ball
Around the Lot. so Tigers
Tile Up Sixteen Tallies
FAVORITES SHY
AT FORT ERIE
COMMUTERS ERR
ELEVEN TIMES
$10,000 Burns Handicap
Continues Richest Fix
ture of Winter Meeting
FOB TWO - YEAR - OLDS
Xew California Jockey Club
Adds Three Xew Events
for the Next Season
RICH STAKES
ARE OFFERED
SEEKS A MATCH
FOR OLYMPIAN
DRIVER GEERS
AGAIN INJURED
BATTLEAXE SHOWS CLASS
IN $10,000 STAKES
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
SPORTS
IP-A-GEJ
BRITT M AY FIGHT GARDNER OR SULLIVAN
THE SAX. FRANCISCO^ GALC THURSDAYf 'AUGUST 10. 1905.
The premium', list is out for the,sec
ond* annual open J air * dog , show : of
San v ; Mateo 'i; Kennel * Club. "t" t It 'will be
held on, C.>"W. : : Clark's polo field, on Sep
tember - 9.' -C. K. Harleyiwill judge fox
\u25a0 terriers, "other "breeds. being dlvided be- ;
tween Charles Lyndon;, of Toronto and
John-Bradshaw of 'this city." •
San > Mnteo Dog - Show.
' PORTLAND. ;-, Aug. ; : 9.— -Louis .McAr
thur,.. well known \u25a0 .to ; Pacific -Coast
horsemen, : dropped dead to-day; at the
Milwaukee Country. Club': while:, seated
under, the" trees in thepark.,- No inquest
was ' deemed . by r the • Coroner.
McArthur was ; about : 35 "years , old.' : His
wife lives In San' Francisco; /His.moth
er, is wealthy and is a ; resident of Oak
land. \u25a0 ' ./ '
Well-Knotm Horseman Dies.
• DOVER. , 'England, 'Aug. ; S.— T. W;
Burgess \u25a0 started . this morning from the
coast - guard?! station -"at V-V Lydden.-four
miles northwest of this ipor't/in; another,
attempt -to - swim ; across •\u25a0the - channel.'
Af ter^beinjj six > hours [ in . the i water \u25a0he
was ;\u25a0: twelve -miles ; out and was ; going
strongly."_r.;"\i/;-, \u25a0\u25a0'.;.-.. .;V;-'V" '.'.\u25a0\u25a0•:-' r'-'-/"'\u25a0.Burgesr '-'-
/"'\u25a0.Burgess -got within- four, miles of
French * coast, .when ; the ' strong/ current
commenced *j to "i carry j* him i back,'; com
pellingihlmlitojgive iup*the: attempt. U
Fall* to Siriin the ; English Channel.
10
SCROFULA
FROM PARENT TO CHILD
The laws of heredity are invariable
and the diseased blood of parents is
handed down to children in the form of
Scrofula. Being thus deeply rooted
nothing can reach the disease but a con-
stitutional remedy. The very foundation
of the blood is diseased, and until it is
purified and made strong, those who are
born with a scrofulous tendency cannot
have the blessing of robust health. \u25a0
. Cleveland, O:, 122 Brownell St.
I inherited Scrofula from my ancestry,
and this means, cf course, weak, impure
blood and a run-down, debilitated- con-
dition of the system. Treatment of phy-
sicians did not dome anything like the
(rood S. S. S. did last winter when I took
it. It promotes appetite and digestion,
rives Btrength and energy, builds np
tho irener&l health in every way, and in
addition to being an excellent blood pu-
rifier it adds to its buccoss as a remedy
for Scrofula. It did more for me than
anything- I have used, and with pleas-
ure I recommend it. - 8. S. S. completely
cured me of this blightine disease.
MBS. LOUISE COHEN,
S. S. S., the king of blood purifiers, is
the medicine tliat is required, because it
changes the quality 'of the blood by
cleansing it of all poisons and impurities,
building it up and strengthening the. en-
tire system. When S. S. S. has restored
the blood to a healthy condition and
forced oat- the scrofulous deposits, there
is a sure return to health.- No remedy
has ever been found to equal this great
vegetable preparation for the cure of all
diseases arising
PURELY VEGETABLE. th *t write
us all about your
case and we will send you a book describ-
ing the disease and give, without charge,
any. medical advice you may need.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Atlantk^GauTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. AUGUST r lO, 1905.
Weather Report.
BRITISH SHIP RED ROCK WHICH
ARRIVED YESTERDAY 193 DAYS
FROM ANTWERP.
Colusa — Peaches being .picked and dried;
quality very poor. '
Hanford— Dried peaches being shipped to the
fast; hay crop fair. .
Napa— Prune dryins progressing nicely; yield
larger than 1 expected. .
Palenno-^-Wea-ther /avcrable for fruit drying.
Riverside — Valencia- oranges In this section
about all shipped. > . " • .
Santa Maria — Over •^000 sackH barley and
oats now being hauled dally, all. being shipped.
Newman— Harve,«tintf about over.
Hollifter — Apples not damaged by codlln
moth, as ' formerly: *" - .
Stockton— Peach dry Ins progressing satisfac
torily; output will exceed last year.
Livermore — Threshing all iinlahed in this
part of the valley.
Kin" City — Fruit turning out very poorly.
Cloverdale — Prune drying In progress: good
cror# A. G. McADIE,
.. Section Director.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
Columbia Safla To-Day.
Ttee Ean Francisco anfl Pacific Coast Steam
rhip Ccmr>any"« eteamer Columbia will depart
tbis morning for Portland. Or. She carries a
1»:I1 !l£t of i>n<sSPngen. who go north to vi«lt
tbe Lewis and Clark Exposition. Among the
Dtra From Operation.
Alexander J. , McKerron Cied last night at St.
<oserh'* HotpltaJ.. He U one of the beet
i;r.osvn character* on the water front, and for
\u25a0astny i'**xs had been in the employ of Pope
t Talbot. Last Punday he was operated on
«>r nppsndlcltl*. but could not «urvive the op
:ratJcn. -
< Per bktn Kncore— Saw bktns Amelia- "and
Gardlnrr City off Point'Reyea Auz 8. " " ' "
Per Br ship Red" Rock, from Antwerp. Aug
9^-SalleU from Antwerp on ,-Jan ' 27;^had head
winds in- the. channel" for. 10 days: had variable
winds and -fine, weather -to the equator, which
we cro«cd on Feb;?4' in- loncsSo 2B W;>*ot
"the SE trade* ln-lat 2 S. and- lost toera m
lat' 31 S : * had -»W and •NE t winds to lat 30
S• I had .EKE- to SW winda f. to . tat :v& S. E .Oa
March s<'. J in lat 37 35 S. long 40 04 W, had
a heavy WSW gale; nad'WNW pales to" lat* 4s
B: \u25a0'- wns ; 27 days . frcrm 60 , to 5O S, with -SW
gales; passed Cape "Horn . Apr il7:. oaseed the
Diego Raroirea - Apr IS; had : nortberrj- winds
to -10 S; eot'the SE trades tin lat' .ld S.: and
lost ' them ; in- • lat * 8 N ; crossed \u25a0\u25a0 the • eijiiator
Juno 17 in long 113 10 W; qn • Julj-'V 7, in. lat
IT ?.','\u25a0- long 116 2S W, had a SW/gafe," w*lch
blew away: : tw6-'>:tQi»Kallant: sails and mall.
sail: .hsd jHght "NNBr to '.KNW; winds from
lat S -N- to-liTi; \u25a0 the latit -fuur <lnys -hau ilenne
fog. ."During tho voyage- had three of th« crewf
in irons for teruslns "Uuiy. S^^^^^^^i
."VK>n»imiu«ln.
The British ship- n*"i Rix-k arrived yester
\u25a0:?.y. 193 days from Antwerp to this port. Fcr
•.&•• tact '.wo «-fik> i>h* hes been on the reln-
;i*t at i."> r*r cent. Captain Rice re
tvjrt* having run Into all kirrlß of variable
n-«itb*r. £torm«-. eqi-allp «m<l calms were *a
< ountered from th' day the chip Joft Antwerp.
To 3<5J *o th '' harJehipe of th* trip, when the
\f-eicl «"*s in th*" miflft cf caieg off Cape
Horn «>i-fei«l cf tbt crew r«?fue«d duty, and
\u25a0the rer ta s n Tleß "bliped to put them in Iron*.
She was i-w«uy-*evcn dayi roundlr^r Caps
Morn. On July 7 *he ran into a furious fale,
Which blew awsy her two topgallant sails and
h<-r mainsail. She bringe a general csrgo
censigned to W. R. Grace & Co.
Gv*rdu«> Arrlv«a.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.. . j . . From. . I Due.
Nevadan [Honolulu & Kabuiui..[Aug. 10
KUz»beth.....!Coquille River iAug. 10
Corona j Humboldt Aug. 10
M. F. Plant,.. Coos Bay & l'u Orford'Aug. 10
Porno i Point Arena & Albion, i Aug. 10
] Santa Ko«a...iSan Ui«so & Way rortslAugr. 10
i Phoenix !Cre«cent City JAug. 10
Meteor -Seattle {Aug. U
i Bcnita New-port & Way "Forts. lAug. 11
i Newburg Grays Harbor ...|Aus. 11
Brooklyn . Ban Pwiro |Aug.'U'-
IS. Barbara.. •• San Pedro [Aug. 11
I Argo [Eel River Ports Aug. 12
St. Paul : Portland & Astoria... . Aug. J2
i San Pedro fc'an Tedro Aug. 12
I Mackinaw...- Tacoma ;... Aug. Vi
Santa Monica. Kan Pedro Aug. 11
Vanguard Saa . Pedro ." Aug. 12
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 13
Breakwater. .. Coos Bay ;Aug. 18
SeaFoasn.' ' Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 13
Arctic Humboldt jAug. 13
Germanlcjs. . .! Oyster Harbor..." Aug. J3
Dumbartoo... j Oyster Harbor... Aug. 13 i
Etate of Cal..- ! Ban. Diego & Way Pta. Aug. 14
Cbas. Nelson-.' Seattle & Tacoma ....Aug. 14
Que*n Puget Sound Portt Aug, 14
Northland. . . • Portland &. Astoria .... Aug. 14
Centralia San Pedro Aug. 14
Eureka Humboldt ............ Auk. 14
Mongolia {China & Japan (Aug. 14
Coos Bay jSan Pedro & Way Pta. Aug. 15
Alameda..... -'Honolulu ..Aug. IS
North Fork. •- Humboldt Aug. 15
Aztec Ancon Aufl. 15
Koanoke PortlaiyJ & Way Port*. Aug. 10
Columbia..-.. Portland & Astoria ..'Aug. 17
K. Kilburn Portland & Way Pu.. Aug. 10
City Puebla... Puget Sound Forts Aug. 19
City Topeka.. Humboldt • ..Aug. la
City Sydney. . J New York via Ancon.. | Aug. 20
3loveiuent of Sleanu»r«.
The Time Ball on the tower of th« Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. \S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cdl..
WiiUnesday, August !i, l!) 05:
'lime Ball.
BALLARD— Arrived Aug S— Schr Expan
sion, from San Pedro. ' .\u25a0 -
TATOOSH— Passed in Aug 9 — Schr George
E Billings, from Kahului, lor Pugxit Sound.
Passed in Aus 'J— Schr Snow & Burgess,
from Nonic. for Ladysmtth.
MUKILTEO — Sailed- Aug. is — Br stmr Haze!
Dollar, for i-htnuhal.- _ •
sXn PEDRO — Arrived Auc O^achr James
Rolph from -Everett;'-' stmr Centralia, hence
Aug !• stmr \u25a0 MarihfleUl. . from San- Diego;
Btmr San Pedro, from Kcdocdo.
Sailed Auk b— Stror fcanta Monica, for San
Francisco," "- ' \u25a0 \u25a0
Sailed Aug 9 — fcchr Sotoyome, and stmra
Santa Ctuz and Samca. for San Francisco; schr
Esi>s<la, for Grays Harbor. -
Arrived Aug o—Stmr0 — Stmr Conita, hence Aug «J.
ASTORIA — Arrived- Aug 9 — Stmr Northland,
hence \l2jr 6: stmr -Robert -Dollar,. hence Ang
5- Ger stmr Nlcomedia, from Hongkong.
Airlvea.Aug o— Bark tilar cf Bengal, hence
KUREKA — Arrived Aug » — Stinr Pasad'na,
from San Pedro, \u25a0_ .
» galled Auc o—Stror0 — Stror Corona, for San Fran-
Arrived Aug 9— Schr Mary Dodge, from To
polobampo- '* -' \u25a0 .
Sailed Aug ft— Stmrs Na\-arro and Prentlss,
for San Francisco.^ _ '
Arrived. Aug Si^-Stmr Irancls H. Lcggett.
'hence \\lz's-- \u25a0\u25a0' '-*.'\u25a0' -'\u25a0 " ,' "\u25a0'
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 9— Br stmr Epsom,
from * Port -'Blakeley. .-.,." -. :...:. ... .
SailM Aus U — Stmr Nebraekan, for Everett.
Arrived Aug 9— Schr Olga, from Port Town
* EVERETT— Arrived Aug 9— Slmr Nebnu
kan. irom Taoonia.
' GRA"YB ' HARBOR— Arrived Aug Ur-Sehr
Jsmen A. Garfleld,- hence July 21; schr Comet,
from Santa . Barbara: bktn Wrestler; • from
Santa Rosalia; bktn Newsboy, from Han Pedro:,
echr E.* . B. ; - Jackson, '1 from : \u25a0\u25a0 A neon. Auk x8 —
Stmr OlymuJc, » hence Aug 5. - . . \u25a0
: SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Aug o— Stmr
Santa Cruz, from Pert Harford. : \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0.*\u25a0\u25a0<.
Sailed Aue I>— Stmr banta Rosa, for San
Francisco. ' '\u25a0 "\u25a0 '\u25a0 ~ '•' "' - ; \u25a0'•"•\u25a0 -.-. \u25a0 ' '*.\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 r -
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Aug 9— Ger. ship
OlinUa," for Cardiff. ..:,;.
PORT -LOS . ANGELES-^-Arrived ': Aug 9—
Btmr San Pedro, /rom San:Pe«lro. \u25a0 ;-. . T .
Sailf U Aug . 9 — Br ship \u25a0; Jessomene.' for Qre-
STOii.' .:\u25a0*••'\u25a0 --..; <'.'-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• '-.'\u25a0-»--\u25a0'
N<.WINSLOW — Arrived Aug 97-Bktn-Klikiitat,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low \V*.ers
•at Fort Point, entrance to San FraccisCT
Bay. Published by official authority cf the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Miseion-Ftreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. AUGL6T 10.
Sun rises 5:39 a. m.
Sun sets 7:10 i>. m.
Mocn Erta 1:02 a. m.
I 5 'Time! jTime! lTlme! jTlmel
! * ! Fl ! Ft. ! Ft. 1 Ft.
jPJL Wi - .{H Wl IL W| {H Wj
110 J 1:35! 0.21 8:41] 4.1! 1:141 2.M 7:30! 5.3
Ul • 2:31 — ni 9:421 4,4 2:15; 2.0 S:2« 5.9
\l2 3:2U,'— 0.4|10:32 4,6 3:09- . 2.8; 9:20 59
13 4:us'— 0.5 f ll:18' 4.7 3:5s 2.S 10:lu B.»
14 4:50 '—0.4111:56; 4.9 4:45 2.7|10:55 .5.7
15 5:2 C! — 0.2,12:35 i 4.915:30 2.0 ll:10j . 5.4
10 ' «t:02! U.ll l:10j 4.U1 0:14 2.4j ;
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
th«- early morning tides are given In the left
I hand column and the successive tides of trie
• day in the order of occurrtnea as to time; ihe
i fourth time column gives the last tiie o" the
I dap. except when tht-re are but three tides, us
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
! addition ta the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
«-ign precedes the height, and then the uumbc-r
gives is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
from Port Tbwr.send.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aus &— Bktn News
boy from San Pedro; bktn Wretitl^r. fron-
Santa Rosalia: schr Jamea A. Clarfield. hence
July 21; schr Comet, from Santa. Barbara.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Aug 9 — Stmr Alameda.
for San Francisco. .
Sailed Aug J>— Br 6tni» Coptic, for Yokohama.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK 1 — Arrived Aug 9 — Br stmr
Heathtrorft, from Manila. . H -
Sailed Auz ' S — Stmr Havana, -for Colon.
tHXAW-ART3 BREAKWATER— SaiIed Aug
6— Br stmr Heathburn', ?6r New York.
, -. FOREIGN PORTS.
PRAWLE POINT — Patted Aug 7 — Br . ship
Paps of KilHecrankie, from Antwerp, for San
Pedro. : • \u25a0 •'\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0' \u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0'. .
DURBAN — Sailed Aug s—Br5 — Br ship Ow«enee,
for OWi-on. Ji
SHlti-DS— Sailed Aug 7— Br ship - Andora.
for San Francisco.
BEXCHY HEAD — Passed Ang **--Fr stmr
Amlral Rlcault de Genouilly, from Santa Ro
salia, fftr inir.Klrfe. '
HONGKONG — Arrived Aug I— Stmr Tre
mont. from Tacoma.' _ ... '
COLON —Sailed Auk S— Stmr Mexico, for
VICTORIA— Arrived Aus 9— Scht Snow &
Burgess, from Nome. ...
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed -Aug B— Stmr China,
for Son Franctocp. \u0084 • T , „ „
Arrived Aug S — Stmr Korea, hence July 22..
. OCEAN STEAMERS. . ".
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug ?-Strar Teu
tonic. froTO New York.
.Arrived Aug 9. 3:30 a m — Stmr Ivernia, from
Boston, for Liveroobl. ' .
NEW YORK— Arrived Aux o— Strors ' Prlr.s
Oskur, from Genoa, Palermo anil' Naples: stmr
Barbarosa, from Bremen and Southampton.
Saite.l»Aug pp — Stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool,
via Qutenstown: stmr, Put»dam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne. ; .
ST JOHNS — Arrived Aug. 9— Stmr Siberian,
from Glasgow, for and Philadelphia.
NAPLES— Arrived Aug ft — fc'tmr Cr«tlc, from
New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa.
DOVER— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Rbaetia.
from -New York, for Hamburg,, and. proceeded.
LIVERPOOI>-Sallo«> Aug 9 — Stmr Baltic,
from New York, via Queenstown; «tmr Haver
ford, from Phlladel»hla, via 7 Queenstown. .'..
ifono'.ulu— Miss E. N. Boy*r. Jlrt. Basil
Combs and child. Miss G. Bvans. E. R. Oay.
n. Tlartmar. Hn, Hsrtman. Mr*. O. F. Hen
ry. Mis« 11. L.. HSllebrand. W. E. Ladd. Mrs.
t^ad*. L. A. Lecrrlx. Mrs. Lacroix. H. H.
Lev*. Z. Meredith. Mrs. Mer«Jith, Mi** Orn».
r*. A. Rlcftrnond. Shanklin. Dr. A. W.
Sinclair. Mr*. Sinc'.jdr. L. E. Thayer. Mrs.
Tcayer. O. W. We*t. C. O. White. Mr«.
'.Vhite, Miss K. -H. Wiicox. Mlee M. I. Wllcox.
J V. Vl'Uh-or.. Miss H. R. Tl'rersn. W. B. Beak
h«r>. Mr*. M. Concrtcao. Mr. Lfirtd. Mr*.
I.sdd "Hit* Jacobus. W. C. L«e*. Mi«s M.
litinecke, Qulncy yer.Q. V.'i'liani Franlon.
Sonoma Sulla To-Day.
Th« Occ&nic Steamship CozapaJxy'e eteajn
ship Sonoma will tail ct 2 p. in. to-day for
Honolulu. I'nro Pa«o, Auckland and Sydney,
she eoes loaded to her iulleet capacity with
r-astengertE and freight: Following is a list
•jf her passengers: »
For Sydney — H. C. Alexander. A. L. Calrd.
Miss Kleanor Breckenridge, H. M- Caldwell,
lii*» G. ..&. Calduell, D. CouJter. J. Coulter.
*\ J Doddenjeade. Ml« Marion B. Fenwick.
il^ifc. H. Urtdcr. Mis* Marlaa C. Harper. Ed
«Ja HIJ-es. H. U. Howt, Mr*. How*. Dr. F.
W. iicnttr, Mrs. Hunter, Mrs. G. A. Hodson.
\V. J McCarr..U. \u25a0 McGinn, H. Tuniaall
Moore. Cfcrge Muscrove. Miss Elizabeth Po
tr*U J. TBrner-Turcer. Mrs. Turner- Turner.
U I- Weed, A. J. WUllains. A. il. Austin.
B Erlcher. L. A. Hocr.** and two children.
Mrs. Ho<jpe«, Mlw Hoofjei'. S. Hooves, A. W.
Jones. W. MoEtcrtd««. Jcfcn Nash, A. A. Ol-
M-n. J. Schmidt. B. tjhep;>ard. aiistr at. Steele,
W Tclford. Charles Vctper. Mrs. J. Young.
idr*. Ol»en. G. W. WVlchman.
To juln at Honolulu for Auckland — H. Craw
°3?aro Pa«i>— lira. C. W. Frederick and two
'hildr*n. Frank Vincent, R. M. Walker.
Auckland— H- P- Barry. Mrs. D*rrj-, Mies
Barry, Mre. Brockway. H. Cracrford. Albert
Dowtz John Eusloan, Mr*. Er.dc*n. Mies G.
r.r*C-zn. Sire. C. X. Gary. Mies K. Gresscn.
n J Jackson. A. ilfstowsltl. J. E. Montßotn
"r\'. H. ATKbc-r&on. D. AurtlL D. Briuy. J. A.
Bull Vlr. Gary. R. T). Goodwin, A. M. Her.dy.
M^' E HouJd and two chiHren. J. Mcßae. I.
B * illller Mrs. MMU-r. Mm. W. J. MontßOm
*>ry A £ Xichi'ls. J- llam^ay, Mr. Rasrau?-
H. A. Hea. V. B. Smollett, J. C. Soren
tcn
-vii, Moon and Tide.
UMPQUA RlVER— Sailed Aur s— Schr Lily,
"for San Francisco. • , " ,
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Aug 1) — Schr
Olea, from Kahului; schr Taurus, from San
Diero. . \u0084 ' '\u25a0' *'A' \u25a0-' ' : :'... .
- Sailed . Auc o—Bchr0 — Bchr El ' Dorado, for San
Pedro. -'-\u25a0-• - ' '\u25a0
Arrived Aug .»— Br ships Ballachulish . and
Clan Galbraith, from Banta Kosalia; ship John
Currier.: from Honolulu. •
Arrived Aujr o— Schr ; Georse • ' E. BUllnge,
from Kahului; bktn j: L. Evlston. from Hat
plions. ' . -\u25a0 .-.<.'.'
Arrived Aug 9— Br bark Landakrona, from
Honolulu. • .\u25a0* \u25a0 ,
VENTURA — Arrived Aug .9 — Stmr Asuncion,
tience-Aus B. \u25a0,'\u25a0"- .'. ' -'.-
Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Asuncion, for Port Ha r-
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Aug o— Scbr Hugh
Hogan, hence July 23.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
% .. TELEGRAPHIC;:
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 9, 10 p. m. — Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity. S cillea per hour../"
Per 13 S stmr Buford — No date — In lat 4046
N. long 120 60 W, Bchr Transit, hence July 20,
ior G rai's.H arbor. •
I July 27— In lat 39: N. ion* 16. w, Kr bark
Cornell Bart, from Dunkirk, for Sydney.
SPOKEN.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. Aucust 9.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas; P C S S
Co.
. stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro. \u0084
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; S F & ;p
6 3 Co. •
SAILED. ;_ -
Wednesday, Aueust 9.
Hal stmr Umbrla, Jacuucci, Valparaieo.
Stmr Enterprise, Ycun^gren, Hilo and Hon
olulu.
Kimr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson,. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Kureka. \u25a0'
6tmr V. A. Kilburn, Thomuson, Astoria, etc.
Htmr Curacao, Pauleen. Guaymas, etc.
Stmr Sea Foam. Miller. Mendocino. \u25a0
*itmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
•Stmr South Coast, Paulsen, Casoar.
Stmr Cascade. Jahnsen, Gray» Harbor and
Portland.
citmr Brunswick, Ellef sen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Helen P. Drew, Gunder&on, Greenwood.
Bark Annie Johnoon, Nelson, Honolulu.
Schr Melrcte, McCnrron, Grays Harbor
.Schr.Confianra, Chlemens, Notleye Landing.
tichr Sequoia, Hutman. Astoria.
tichr Santiaso, Larscn,. Hilo and Honolulu,
in tow stmr Enterprise. . :" :; .V ';'
Schr Mary.C, Canipbell, Bodesra.
Stmr Rival, Buchard, 17 hours from Castpaj.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvlg-, 20 hours irom
\u25a0\V«Bf3ort. .'
Stmr ilaesic. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr laqu.a, Johnson, 4U hours from .~an
Pedro, with bark Vidette In tow.
Br ship Red Rock, Kice, 193 days from Ant
werp.
Bark Vld<nte, Darwin. 4<5 hours from San
Pedro, in tow stmr laqua..
Bktn Encore, Palmgren, 13 days from Grays
Harbor.
Bktn Gardiner City, Olsen. 12 days from
Grays Harbor, Oakland direct.
fcchr C T. Hill, Melllmrp, 2 days from Co
ciullle River.
Schr Newark, Johnson, 16 hours from Stew
arts Point.
ARRIVED.
Wedneeday. August 0.
US ntmr Buford. Hall, 22 days from Ma
nila, via Nagaeaki 18 days 7 hours 55 minute*.
Stmr Helen P. Drew, Gunderaon, 32 hours
from Santa Barbara. •
Stmr Alcalrass, Krederlckiwn, 44 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, •67 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, 5S hours .from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
1-tmr Eurtka, Jeeeen. 23 hours from Kureka.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
,1=33 5 ;-.s- <a |
STATIONS «§ig ? s"* s2 •<
\u25a0 \u25a0 ' ff "P '\u25a0\u25a0 : \
Cloverdale 06 58 .00 Clear
Colusa 94 (i"l .CO Clear
Eureka 0O 58 .00 Clear \V Lt.
Fresno 102 63 .00 Clear W 6
Hanford 110 W .00 Clear
Hollifcter 75 53 .CO Clear
Independence .. 88 HO .00 Cl<-ar NW 8
King City *2 62 .00 Clear N Lt.
Livermore S*l '5-" -"0 Clear .... ...
I^os Angeles... Sr. 'HO .00 Clear W 10
Aferced 110 50 .00 Clear .-
Napa 67 T. 6 .00 Clear XSX S ...
Newcastle »S 83 .00 Clear SW ...
Newman '05 57 .CO Clear .... ...
Palermo 110 59 ..CO Clear
Porterville 104 67 .00 Clear
Ked 81uff...... 1C0 BS .00 Clear S . &
Riverside 05 57 .00 Clear
Sacramento ... S8 5S .00 Clear SW 14
San Diego. 78 fi* .00 Clear W 6
San Francisco.. «2 B4 .00; Pt Cldy W 18
8. U Obispo.. . 78 52 :0O Clear SW LI.
Senta Maria.. . 75 54 . .WJ Clear
Santa Rosa 75» 59 .00 Clear
Stockton -87..<U- .00 \u25a0 Clear ...
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 9.— The run
of sockei-e salmon on the Fraser River
appears to be slackening. The pack to
date is 400,000 cases. 'half the estimated
total pack. .About 50.000 cases per
day are being- put up on the river and
the run is expected to last for two
weeks longer, although the' maximum
didly ratou has probably been reached.
The pack of sockeyes for British Co
lumbia in" full to date is as follows:
Fraser River. 400.000 cashes: Skccna
River, 100,600; Rivers In\ct, 80.000;
other tisheries, 40,000.. .
Pack to Dute of the Fraaer River Can
ncrien la About One-Half the
Estimated Total.
RUN OF SOCICBVE, SALMON
APPEARS TO BE SLACKENING
Report Upon Which the Cons»ressioiial
Appropriation Depends IVIII Be
Filed -in .*ftn Francisco.
EUREKA, Aug. 9. — The survey of
the- harbor ordered a month ago by
Colonel - Heuer, United States Govern
ment engineer, was completed to-day.
Upon the rerort of his engineers,
which will be submitted at San Fran
cisco to-morrow, depends the Congres
sional appropriation which it is hoped
will be secured for the bar and harbor.
SUHVKV OV KUREKA HARBOR
COMPLETED BY E.VfiI.VEEIIS
Th? **eam*r aJso'carried 67 cs canned troods,
valued at J2OI, en route to the Fiji Islands;
73,500 lbs dried fruit, valued at ?4253 for
Northwest Territory, and 22.C75 lbs dry hides,
valued at ?4460, for Canada.
4 bblE flour. 70,351 lbs dried fruit, 1000 lbs
raisins, 1479 pkgs fresh fruits. 321 pkgs fresh
vegetables, to ska onions, 2h.424 lbs beans,
644 lbs glucose. 34,600 lbe salt, 0 bbls baking
powder, 2 c« wine, 2 pkga salmon. ICCS cs
canned good*. It) cc table preparations. 11.925
Iks malt, 4525 lbs mills-tuffs. t£s bxs paste.
1289 Ibs chixrolate, 5 cs salad oil. 12,048 lbs
gypsum, 4071 lbs pig tin. 11 bdls 1 pc steel.
27 pkgs machinery. 3 cs dry good*. 37 cs arms
and ammunition, fe9,655 lbs asphaltum. 9 rolls
leather, 4 cs wire, h bbls lubricating oil, 13 cs
electrical goods, 3 bdls paper. 523 gals cocoa
nut oil.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Tues
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to \-arious British Columbian
port*, valued at J2O.SC7, and including the
following:
Export* tjy the Puebla.
DAVENPORT, Wash.. Au&. 9.— The
Northern Pacific ' Railway Company
agent has^ presented an astounding
claim to the Lincoln County Board of
Equalisation, that is. that the com
pany's entire right of way from Lake
Superior to Pugret Sound" is exempt
from taxation. ..The board has taken
no action in the mutter. The company
makes no demand for the taxes paid in
years past, which, if. its contention is
true, would probably, have to be re
funded. The remarkable claim affects
every_county. in every State from the
Lakes to the Pacific Ocean.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
12lth meridian time, San Francisco. August 9:
Asserts That Its Right of
Way Is Exempt From
Taxation; id £§£j
(120 th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, August o—s p^ m.
The following maximum and minimum' tem
peratures are repcrted for previous day from
various cities:
Boston S<V-70.New Orleans ....88-7H
Chicago ..88-72jPlttsturg S2-t5«
Cincinnati S-t-ti<>| Philadelphia 80-72
Honolulu. H. T..SO-72'Bt. Louis SG-70
Jacksonville S4-74 HVashiugton .....Jis-72
New York SO-7»
SAN FRANCISCO .....62-54
THE COAST RECORD.
i S Z H \u25a0 O- \u25a0 * "3
: -\u25a0 * *js -*3 a?
i if is *i %l t
STATIONS. S ?= ?= jo, S-° \u25a0 ~
• c £ : -\u25a0 §
• *t . . • .
; \u0084 i» .<» •. .
Baker 29. 56 88 .6 N Clear JOO
Carson 29.80' SS 5U W 'Clear .00
Eureka, 30.00 60 56 W Clear .00
Fxtsna. 2U.52 102 <U "W • Cl«ar . . .00
S. 12. FaralloD2o.lt7 .. 52 SE . Cloudy .00
Flagstaff - . .» 52 .... . .00
Independence .29.76 US 60 NW Clear .00
L. Anseles 21*. W S6 60 W Clear .ol>
Mt. Tamaii^al«2St.l>B CS 57 6W . Clear : .00
North. Head.. :iO. lS 58 54 NU f Cloudy .00
PhO.snJx 29.74 8S 7S N\V Pt Cldy Tr.
Pt. lfeyes LtJX>,O5 59 52 SW Foggy .00
Pocatello 2!l.*t> *S 7» \V Cloudy Tr.
Portland 30. 0 i 7S- 62 NW Clear .00
Hed Bluff 20. 1S 100 «& S , Clear . .00
Koseburg „. ..2Si.9tf 90: CO NE Clear .00
Sacramento, ..2tf. Si 68 58 SsW Clear .00
Salt Lake .V.28,88 82 70 S Cloudy Tr.
S. Francisco.. 2a. i)S 62 54 W Pt Cldy .00
S.'LVObispo. .29.93 7S 52 . SW Clear .00
San Diego ...29.5U "*i «4 W Clear .CO
Seattle .TO. IO «8 5S W Clear .00
Spokane 2U.SO 82 Hi W Clear. .00
Tatoosh 54 .00
Winnemucca .2!>.52 J>4 52 NW Char .00
Yuma 29. 7S 98 t>o NE Pt Cldy Tr.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Heavy rain has fallen in Utah, and con
ditions are favorable for showers generally in
they valley of the Colorado.
\u25a0 At Modena a thunderstorm is reported with
1.22 Inches of- rain. . \u0084
Cooler weather prevails in the Sacramento
Valley and eastward to Nevada and Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 10, 1905:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
fresh s-outiitvest winds. \u25a0
Los Angeles . and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
fresh weEt winds. \
Sacrumento VaUey — Fair' Thursday; light
south winds.
San Joaquin Valley — Fair Thursday; light
north windf. \u25a0.• • •
Coast — Fair .''Thursday; '-'.light southwest
winds. --, i - ,
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Thursday.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
ASTOUNDING CLAIM
MADE BY RAILWAY
ASTORIA, Aug. 9.— A letter has been
presented to the Oregon State Board of
Pilot Commissioners signed by an m at
torney of Portland, stating that "the
commander of the Italian cruiser Um
bria, which recently visited Portland,
has filed with the Italian consular
agent at that place a complaint, for
overcharge on the part of the Columbia
River bar pilots. The 'charges were
figured by the pilots on the cruiser's dis
placement and the commander asserts
that they should have been based on
the net tonnage. The pilot commis
sioners have- appealed to State Attorney
General Crawford for an opinion.
Alleges That Columbia River Bar Pilot*
Overcharged Him When Vessel
Was at Portland.
COMMANDER OF THE CRUISER
UMBRIA". FILES A COMFLAIXT
437 bbls flour, 4924 ctlß barley, ISO ctls
wheat, 2175 bales hay, 39,&2$ lbs middlings,
2224 lbs Ehorts. 101 ctl* corn. 138,014 lbs bran,
7:-: 22 lbs beans, C 5 tons salt, 5&31 lbs sugar,
8780 lbs lard, ISO.OOO lbs rice, 11,1&» gals wine,
SI casks 75 cs beer, H>T gals gin, 0 cc liquors,
5 c» brandy, 5 cs mineral wa.ter, 17 pkgs
olives, 6 cs olive oil, 689 lbs glucose, S cs
chocolate. 46 cs fable preparations, 4320 lbs
tea, 12 pkgs prepared fis-h, 613 lbs garlic, 340
pkgs fresh fruits, Q73 pkgs potatoes, 136 pkgs
onione, 35a4 lbs butter, 51 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 4101 lbs'l2 c» miUstuffs. 6911 lbs
31 cs bread, 5C20 lbe codfish, 220« i lbs ham and
bacon. 425 cs canned goods. 1224 lbs coffee,
210 lbs 2 pkgs dried fruit, 17 cs 16 pkss eal
mon, 3518 lbs fresh meat, 155 lbs 2 cs fresh
nsh. 4 cs dressed poultry. 4CO lbs raisine, 9 cs
baking powder, 145 bxs paste. 3053 lbs dried
fish. 2072 ibs cheese, 45.720 ft lumber. 14.203
lbs tobacco. 3 cs cigars. 474,242 lbs fertilizer.
13,500 lbs pig Iron, 8 crts bicycles, 64 pkgs
add, 72 bdls paper. 13 pkgs machinery. 1»
rolls leather, 17 cs electrical goods, 65 pkgs
dry good*. tV> cs boots and shoes, 2 bales duck.
87 bbls 17 cs oils, 74 pkgs nails, 75 coils rope.
i 5 os drups, 5 cs hats. 22 pkgs paints, 37 cs
soap, 2 cs sewing machines, 15 pea 2 bdls
steel. 6 bars Iron, * bdls broom*. 15 cs fus?,
7tJ pcs 35 bdls pipe, 19.434 lbs soda, 30,000
lbs sulphur, 793 lbs lead. 100 cs coal oil, 13
pkgs windows, 6 bulls.
Tfce eteamer Enterprise, which sailed on
Tuesday for Hilo, had a general cargo, valued
at $72.295, and including the following:
Merchandise (or Hawaii.
TO SAIL..
j Steamer. Destination. I Sails.J Pier.
* AuKtiftt 10. 1 |
j State DfCal. San Diego & Way.l 9"am|Pler 11
Sonoma Sydney iS Way Pisj '2 pmjPler 7
1 Jennie iSeattlc & Tacoma. 1 5 pm;Pier
! Columbia.., Astoria & Portland.jll am Pier 2t
I G. Lindauer.i Grays Harbor 1 1 pm|Pier 2
I Coos Bay... San Pt-dlO &\u25a0 Way. 9 amjPier 11
Aberdeen Grays Harbor | 5 pmjPier 10
.ViiK'UHt 11. ,j - I'
E. Barbara.. Seattle direst (.4 pm|Pier 2
Elizabeth... CoqulUe Uiver j 5 pmjPier i:u
I Chehalls Grays Harbor , SjpmiPler L'
Rainier Seattle fc Bel'*h'm| 2 pm'PUr 10
| Eureka, Humboldt t 9 ami Pier 5
AuKTUMt lli. I I
I S. Monica... Grays . Harbor ....I 4 pmjPier 2
San Pedro., j Grays ilaroor 1 2 pnii^ier 2
, Vanguard..- 1 Humboldt 10 amjPier 27
! Coronado... iGrays Harbor .... 2 p'miPier 10
j Porno !Pt Arena & Albion B pm;Pier 2
I M. F. Plant. tCoos Bay . 4 pmiPitr 11
i San Juan... |N. Y. via Aneon. 12 mj Pier 40
! Redondo I Astoria * Portland 4 pm|Pier 2
; Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p;Pier 9
AuguNt 13. i
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports'll am;Pler 9
S. Rosa San Dte^o & Way.l 9 ami Pier 11
( August 14. I
Newburg... Grays Harbor 2 pm! Pier 10
| Argo .Eel River Ports... 3 pro Pier 2
Bonila .Newport & Way.. 9 amlPier 11
Centralia Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 10
Angust 15. i
City Topeka Humboldt ll:3opPier 0
Breakwater. Corn -Bay spm Pier 8
St. Paul Astoria & Portland. lll am Pier 24
AuKUdt ltf. -i - I
Roanoke Los Ang-eles Pts..4-7 pm-t'Pier- o
Arctic Humboldt 0 am [Pier 2
Sea Foam... Point Arena ...... 4 pm'Pler 2
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm|Pler 40
AnsruHt 17- ' .- '
Northland... Astoria & Portland 3 pm Pier 27
Aucnut 18.
N. Fork Humboldt 9 am' Pier 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
C. Nelson... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm! Pier 20
AticruNi l'J. I |
Aurelia.. ... Astoria &. Portland 5 pm Pier 27 :
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Peru N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
AiiKUKt 21.
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way.. 2 pm Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. { Destination. I Sails.
Senator ' Nome & St. Michael-. Aug. 10
Jefferson j Skajjway, & Way Portp.'Aug. 10
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Portb.;Aug. 12
Oregon j Nome & St. Michael. .! Aug. 13
Dolphin tikasrway & Way Porta.jAug. 14
Portland .Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjAug. 15
Santa Ana ' Seward & Way Ports. ..; Aug. 10
City Seattle. ..'Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 16
Olympia (Nome & St. Michael. . Aug. 18
Victoria Nome & St Michael.. |Au?. 17
Santa Clara... Valdez &. Seward. .....) Aug.- I*2
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsJAug. 25
Edith Nome JAug. l*s
Th* French bark La Tour d'Auvergne is
chartered for wheat to Eurupe at 22s 6d, with
option of barley at 23s 9d; if to & direct port
Is 3d less. The bark Nuuanu loads sugar at
Honolulu for Delaware Breakwater. Both of
the foregoing were chartered prior to arrival.
The French bark Vendee proceed* In bal
last to Hobart, Tasmania. ;
KEWS OF THE OCI^.\JV.
The bark Vldette arrived m port yesterday
from s?an Pedro, bavins been towcfl up by the
steamer laaua.
James Spencer, first assistant engineer of th
steanier Sonoma, has been given a. leave of ab
sence. His place on the Sonoma, which sails
to-morrow, will be filled by Walter Bean.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
China, bound for this port, sailed from Yoko
hama on 'Wednesday.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's Ko
rea arrived in Yokohama on Wednesday.
\u25a0\Vater Front Xoten.
number nre William J. Statiery, the famous
baseball writer on the staff of The Call.
SOLDIER JUMPS
FROM BUFORD
shows Xo Inclination to Be
Bescued and Gives Life
boat Bace Before Caught
IKIES TO SWIM AWAY
Private. Crazed With Liquor,
Startles the Passengers in
Mid - Ocean at Noonday
Plaintiff, Who Is Fair and
Forty, Swears Elderly
Spouse Had Her Shadowed
SAYS HUSBAND
CHOKED HER
DETECTIVES MAY AfPEAE
Addie E. Thompson Sues Re
tired Capitalist for Di
vorce, Alleging Cruelty
The United Ftates transport Buford
arrived :n pert yesterday morning, af
ter a Quick run frim Manila. She
brought the Seventeenth Infantry and
the third squadron of the Thirteenth
Cavalry, besides a large number of cas
uals. The trip across the Pacific was
smooth. Great excitement was caused
on board the vessel on July 31, when
t-'rivate Clarence Ruark jumped over
board. It u-a.s just at noontime.
Kut-rk appeared on the deck in his
pajaxnES. He said he wanted some
thing to smoke, and made a dash back
to his rofcm, where he had been confined
•n account of alcoholism. He made a
quick dash back to the deck, and. be
fore th«i «j mazed passengers, leaped
into the sea. Women shrieked and
children cried as they saw the de
mented soldier jump into the briny.
Chief OXlicer Prank Randall, who was
oa the bridge at the time, promptly
blew two whistles and ordered a life
1 boat lowered at the same time. Life
preservers were thrown overboard to
Kuark, but he refused to grasp them.
Jle proved himself to be a swimmer of
» xaraoidinary ability, and struck out,
away from life preservers and from the
«o*u titui was lowered to rescue him.
The men in the boat pulled lustily
:n oursait of the crazed soidier and
rescued him. He was taken back to
the ship, practically no worse for his
experience. It was exactly eight min
utes from the time that Ruark jumped
overboard that he was taken back to
the Buford.
On arrival here the Seventeenth In
faurry was taken to the Presidio. It
will leave in a few days for its new
iitatioa at Fort McPherson, Georgia.
The third SQuadron of the Thirteenth
Cavalry will go to Fort Kill. The Bu
foru was twenty-two days from Manila
and eighteen days and eight hours
from Nagasaki. She did not stop at
Honolulu.
G. A. Enemack, formerly in the em
' ploy of the Quartermaster's depart
ment, died on board on Augnrt 7 of
dysentery.
Following is a list eft the passengers:
Colonel John T. Van Orsdale, Lieutenant
Colonel George K. MeGunnegle. Miss McGun
negie. Miss Hetberir-ston. Major Edward Chy
noweth. Mrs. Chynoweth. Mjss Edna Chy
cowetb, Mjss Gladys Chynoweth. Bradford
Ohyncweth. Captain James H. Frier, Mrs.
James H. Frier. Miss Lloyd Frier. Master
\u25a0 Hwily Frier, Master John Frier, Miss Mary
.Frier. Captain Lucius L. Dur:ee, Captain Hen
ry J. Hunt, Captain Mathias Crowley, Mrs.
M&ihias Crowley, Captain Tbomas L. Smith,
Cti tain Percy M. Cochran. Captain Adolphe
11. Huguti. Mrs. Adclpne H. Hugnet, First
. Lieutenant Jamte E. Bell. Mr*. James B.
Bell. First Lieutenant Jo^n R. Thomas Jr.,
First Lieutenant Francis J. McConnell. Firsl
Lieutenant Frederick Goedecke. First Lieuten
ant Winfteld Harper, First Lieutenant Charles
J. Nelson, Mrs. Charles J. Nelson. First Lieu
tenant Charles H. Danforth, First Lifutenar.t
Laarlee S. Frar.k, First Lieutenant Oliver S.
SojrAer, Mrs. Oliver S. Snyder, First LJeu
tautat WiUism H. Cleridenin, Mrs. William
11. ClPr.derin, First Lieutenant William R.
K«:drick Mrs. William R. Kendrick. Master
JiiudaU K*ndrick, Matter Richard Kendrlck.
Second lieutenant EJvin H. TTagner. Second
Lieutenant Staley A. CaropixtU, Mrs. Staley A.
Campbell; Major F. \V. Sibley, Second Cav
alry: First Lieutenant G. P. Heard, First
Lieutei:ar.t W. P. Stoke y. First Lieutenant L.
V. Frazler. First Lieutenant James F. Bell,
Dr. J. TV. Reddy. Dr. T. L. Lowe, George
• •cibell. E. A. Vmi*. Albert Saaw. E. W.
HftUsgtr, Errol WUsoa. J. A. Parker. Edward
Williams. Harcser Huston. Charlem Wald. F.
F. Slocre. F. B. Coyne. Harry Pannill: George
MeOue. ci-Jieutenant of Philippine Scouts;
First LSeut«jfrnt -&. C. G. Williams Foote.
Mrs. Thomas Mcran. Mrs. Charles F. Webber.
Miss Webber. Mrs. W. L. Safford, Hush St.
C Eomiaers, Second Lieutenant Benjamin O.
Fulois. Second Lieutenant Daniel M. Cheston
Jr.. Second Lieutenant William E. Holliday.
Second Lieutenant H. K. Bradford, Pecond
Lieutenant George A. Lynch, Second Lieuten
ent G. M. P. Murphy. Second Lieutenant W.
H Dry*<lale, Srcond Lieutenant M. E. *=paid
!np second Lieutenant John D. Burnett. Cup
is-, ia Georr<* E. MJtcheTl, Mrs. G«orge E.
Mitchell, First Lieutenant William F. Herring
thaw. Mrs. William F. Herringshaw, First
Lwitenfcct Jamrs Goethe. First Lieutenant
\\ illiam K. Clopton Jr., Flm. Lieutenant Wil
:*m H. Lcwe, Mrs. William H. Lowe. Second
.ltutenant Walter H. Neill, Veterinarian C
V H. Jewell. * \u25a0
Krom Nagasaki— Mrs. J. T. Vao Orsdale.
Msjcr J. A. Manej-. Major Frank B. McCoy.
tin SJcCcy.- Miss McCoy, First Lieutenant
H. P. Hobis. Second Lieutenant C. M. Butler.
<"aptaln H. G. Lycns; Oiaplain Herbert Shtp
rfian V. S. A.; Mrs. Shtpman. Captain A. L.
Dade. Mies Dafie, Second lieutenant C. A.
Dougherty. Mrs. H. G. Lyons.
, Judge Kerrigan yesterday granted, an
interlocutory decree of. divorce to I?aisy
Clark' Heywood from* William E. Hey
wood on the ground of cruelty. The
couple were, married in Manila when
Heywood was a hospital steward in the
United States army. Belle May Lucero
yesterday filed a suit for divorce from
Peter H. Lucero,, alleging cruelty.
Nine long pages of closely typewritten
matter barely contain the charges and
allegations in the suit for divorce yes
terday brought by Addle E. Thompson
against her husband. James . Thompson,
a retired capitalist. Several of the
charges verge upon the sensational and
the reejuest for alimony in the petition
brought from Judge Murasky an order
restraining the husband defendant from
disposing of money and property until
the conclusion of the suit.
The fair plaintiff states that she was
a widow when she was married to . the
defendant, who is nearly seventy years
old, on April 27. 1902, In San RafaeL
For a time they lived happily together
until wftat she declares to" be the hus
band's insane jealousy caused recrimina
tion. There were stormy scenes between
husband and wife, and the complaint al
leges.that the language of the defendant
was unparliamentary in the extreme.
Several times he accused . her of im
proper relations with other men.
The marital troubles Increased. She
swears that ever since February 1 her
husband has employed private detectives
to shadow her in the hope of securing
comnrcmising" evidence as grounds for dl
voree. accused of this, the com
plainant alleges, -the husband at
tempted to choke her and violently as
saulted her and at the same time. roundly
abused her- mother.
Thompson's income .is represented as
$250 a month. It Is alleged that he has
money In the Crocker Woolworth Bank
and Is preparing- to move the furniture
from their home at 22S Liberty street.
The plaintiff prays, for $125 a month ali
mony and edsts of the suit There are
no children.
FREEDOM GIVEN
TO RAPPMUNDT
Immediately upon being discharged.
Rappmundt was rearrested . by United
States Secret Service Agent Richard H.
Taylor upon a charge of fraudulently
procuring a. certificate of naturalization.
Upon Rapomundt tiling a petition to the
Superior Court asking to have his cer
tificate of naturalization canceled Agent
Taylor released him from custody. Rapp
mundt will apply before one of the Fed
eral Judges to-day to be admitted to
citizenship upon the ground that he has
resided in this country continuously for
the five years last past.
Commissioner Heacock said that he was
convinced that Rappmundi had not in
tended to deceive the court, that his ab
sene« for a year . was In the ' nature of
his employment as a seafaring man and
that he had intended to claim the United
States as his residence.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday gave bis decision in the
case of Paul Kappmundt and Ernest
Groasler and discharged the defendants.
Rappmundt and Groesler had bean
charged with perjury in obtaining natur
alization papers for Rappmundt from
Judge Graham's department of the Su
perior CourJ. The evidence showed it
was six years after coming to this-coun
try, that Rar>i>muudt made his applica
tion, and that one year during that
period had been ; spent by him on a
cruise. - When he made his .application
be appeared in Superior. Judge Graham's
court with Frederick and .Ernest Groes
ler as witnesses. ~ The Judge' was not in
court at the time and the clerk advised
them to see him in his chambers. The
witnesses told the Judge that they had
known Rappmundt "for four or five
years" in this country. Judge Graham
told them that if they could not swear
they had known the applicant to have
been a resident of the United" States
for five years he could not admit Rapp
mundt to citizenship. The trio then
withdrew, and Rappmundt afterward
produced his discharge papers, showing
that he had served on the Grant, the
Tlictis and other vessels In the revenue
service. Employment in the navy en
titles the applicant- to citizenship.' and
the clerk and Judge evidently mistook
Rappmundt for an ex-naval sailor and
the certificate of citizenship was granted
to him.
Heacock Says Judge Prob
ably Thought Naval Ser
vice Had Been Performed
GBOESLER ALSO CLEARED
Man Charged With Commit
ting Perjury to Become
Naturalized Is Acquitted
11
RAILWAY TR.4TEIm
• • Train* leaTe and »T« *«•
ndlP^rl SAN FRA]S ' CISCO »
I JSc%%Kßsr7 I From Jc.i * 25. 1 X«.
(Foot of ilarket Street.)
i.«at«- MAIN LINE. —xmrtm
7.ooAElnilr«, Vacavllle, Winters, Kcmsey 7-43P
7.00 a lUchaiond. Uealoi^. Sacramento,
Sui»ua and Way Stations 7-23f»
7-40A Vallejo,- Xapa, Caltstoga, Santa-
/ IJosa, Marrine2. San lumen 8-08 ;»
/^OAyiles, Pleasaaton. Liver more,
* Tracy, Latarop, Stockton 7.28>
B.ooAShsgta Express— (Via Darin).
•; . v , wuilarfls, "Willows, tFrato. Ked
' Bluff. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. 748*
I.oQAl>avls, Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marygvllle. OroTlHe 7-43*
' 8.20 a Martinez. Antloch. Byron, Tracy.
Stockton. Newman, Loa Banoa,
Meadota, Arraons, Hsaford, • > »«_
YlsaUa. Ponerrllle .A fs?f
820a Port Coata. Latnrop. Merced. Mo- ' *•**""
desto, Rayaond, Fresno, Haa*
ford.Vlsal!a,Balcersneld 4.48 i»
8-40 A Nlles, Saa Jose. IJvermore. StocS-
ton {tMHton), Valley Spring.
lone, Sacramento, Placerrtlle,
Colfax. Marj»Tllle. Red 81u2.... 4 03p
8-43a Oakdale, Cblaese, Jamestown,
Sonora, Tnolumce and Angels... 4.08p
STOa Atlantic Express— Otcden and East. 4.28p
9-40AKlclimoad. Port Cost.j. M »rtlnes
and Way Stations (*.'oncord) .... 8-435»
1 020 a Tallejo, Dally. Xspa. Sunday only 7.433
10-20aLos Aogeles Passenger— Port
Costa. Martlnes. Byron. Tracy,
.-Latarop, Stockton, Merced,
Kaymond, Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsatta,
Bskersfleld, Los Angeles 7C3»
10.20 a El Paso. Kansas City, Sc. Louis asd
Chicago 7-08*»
.Ii.OOAThe Overland Limited — Omaha,
Cnlcago, DenTcr. Kansas City... 543»
11.40aX1Ic». Saa Jote and Way Stations. 2.48p
tl.CDp.>acrsmenU*KlTcr Steamers tll-Cof»
S-40P Benlcla. "Wlaters, Sacramento,
> . Woodland, KnUbM Laadtag,
Marysvllie and OroTlile 10.48 a
3-40p ITayivanl. stles. and Way Stations 7-43p
4.oopV»llc]o. Martinez, San Ramoa.
: Xapa. Csllstoca. Santa Ro«a 9.23*
4.oop^Ue». Tracy. Stockton, LodL 1028 a
4.4OPlInrK-trd. Irvtagtoa. Baa) tB-48A
1 Jose» Lirermore .....) i11. 43a
6-00PTbe Owl Limited — Nevman. Los <-
' . Baaos. Mendota, Fresno. Tulare,
> Bakersfleld. Los Ao^eles 8.48 a
5-CQpCbicago and St. Louis Special— El
Paso, Kaaaas City.' St. Louis aad
-^ ' Cnlcago 8.48 a
t5-20pHsvw»rii. Niie» aaci San Jose 7.08 a
6.20p Vallejo, Pure Costa, Bealcia, Sal- .
• \u25a0 sun, Sacramento 1128 a
6-COp Eastern Expres-t — OmaQa. Chicazo,
Dcaver, uaasas City, St. Louis,
Martlaez. Stockton, Sacramento*
if 1 .- Reno, Sparks, Montello. Osdea .. 12.43»
B.2oPllaywarci. SJes and Saa Jose - 8.43 a
7.ooPlicao Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
nlcia. Sutsun. Elmirs. DlToa.
DaTls.Sacramento. Sparks. Toap-
pab, Goldfl«!d aad Keeler 7C3a
7Uot»Port Costa, Martinex. Byron, Tracy,
i Modesto. Merced. Fresno 12-08P
7.4oPTosemlte and Marlpora Btg Trees
<Tla Raymosd-Wawona Route ).. 8.48 a
7.40 P Vallejo. Sunday only 11.28 a
8-2QPOregon* California Express— Sac-
f - ramento.' MarysYille, Redding,
, Portland. Pnget Sound aad East. 8.43 a
9.ooP Hayirard. Nlles and Saa Jose (sua-
dayonly) „ t1143A
COAST LINE (.Narrow Uaags).
. (Foot of Market Street.)
*^.45Absnta Cruz Kxcunloa (Sunday
only) 9.181*
8-ISAXewark, Centervllle, Saa Jose,
, Feltoa. BouHer Creel:, Santa-
Cruj and Way Stations 5-55p
t3.lsANewark, San Jose. Feltoa. Boulder
{'•\u25a0!\u25a0 Creek. Santa Cruz t759p
i t2.lSPSewark. Centerrtlle, Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos. Feltoa,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10.65 a
4 .1 5 p Newark. Saa Jose, Loa Gatos,
wrlsht tBSSA
4.l s p Saturday and Sunday for Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz 68.55 a
COAST LINE (Uroail Uanyej.
ty (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.lOA San Jose and Way Stations 6.30P
T7.DO a San Jose and Way Stations 5-43P
7.1 6a Monterey. Banta Cruz Excursion
(Sunday only) -10.10p
B.oftANew Almaden (Tues.. Frl., only).. 4-10p
8-COAThe Coaster— Saa Jose. Sallnaa,
San Ardo, Paso Bobles. Saau
Margarita, ban Luis Obispo,
Guadalupe. Gavlota. Santa Bar-
bara. San Bnenav entura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Anseies 10 33p
B.ooa GUroy. Holltstei. CastroTllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grore, Sart,
Lorapoe. 10-30 i»
9.00 a Saa Jose, Tres Plnos. WatsonTllle.
Capitols. Santa- Cruz. Pacific
Grore. Salinas. San Lais Obispo
' . : and Prtncfpal Way Stations ...... 4-1 OP
t9-00ALos Gatos, Wrfzht. Boulder Creek.
Tla Santa Clara aad Narrow
Gaoge t7.40p
10.30a San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 1 .20 p
11-30ASaaJo»eand Way Stations 7.4Qp
2.lspSanJoseandWaySutlons i.. 8-3Sa
t3oopDel Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose, Wat»onTlUe, Santa
Cruz. Dfl Monte, Monterey
Pacific GroTe tl2-15P
t34)opLo» Gatos. Wrizat. Boulder Creek.
1 Santa- Cruz, via Santa. Clara aad
' Narrow Gauge 1045 a
3.3opSouth Saa Francisco. Saa Jose,
Gllroy. Hollister. Tres Plnos,
WatsonTllle, Cap!tola,Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey. Pacific Grove. 10.45 a
4.30p San Jose aad War Stations t 7.55a
t5 OOpSauta Clara, San Joae. Los Gatos,
wrigiit +9.nrtA
IBJOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 53.43 a
6. 4sp sunset Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose. Gllroy, Salinas, Paso
i." * Robles, San Luis Obispo, Santa-
• ' Barbara, Los Angeles, Demlag.
El Paso, New Orleans 9-lOa
B-45PE1 Paso, Kansas City. St. Louis,
Cntcago *0.30p
B.4spPajaro, WatsonTllle. Capttola.
Baata Cruz. CaatroTQle, Dell iiO.ICp
Monte. Pacific GroTe f tlO-30P
tS-15pSia M.iteo, Beresford, Belmost,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlorurk. Palo Alto tS4BA
6.3OP San Jose and Way Stations 5.3S \
8-00pPa!o Alto a rd Way Stations 1015 a
11.30PSoutli Saa Francisco, Millbrae, Btir-
llßgame, Saa MUei\ Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park aad Pa!o Alto 945>
11.30p6aturday9 only for Mayfleld. Moun-
tain view, SnanTTale.LawTence,
Santa Clara aad San Jose t9.45?
OAKLAND HARBOR I ERRY
(Foot of MarKe: St.)
t7.15A.H. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. 5.1S p.m.
A for Morning. "~~ P for Afternoon. *
tSunday excepted. {Sunday only.
eMouday only.
\u2666Dally, and stops at all stations on Sunday.
v\ - ySsfij JM
i Cli IC AGO T in 3 DAYS I
Em Leaves -Mondays and Thursdays «f BE
J\u25a0 j -!»:"0 a. m. with Diners aad Sleeperj^^
- .. \u25a0 Other Santa Fe Trains* v •"
8 ;oo p! ml i For Stockton. Fre»r.o. BakervQelJ.
U:jot. ra-J Merced. Haatord and Visaii*. '
4 :00 p.m. For btocktoo.
7:aoa. m. 5 Direct connection for Tosamlta
8:30 a. m,\\ Valley and th» Bl* Trees. •
9 :'M a. m. ' » For Kansas City. Grand Canyoa
8:00 p. m. J and Chicago.
0:30 a. m. For Oakda!« aad points oa Sterr*
I Railway.
Ticket Offices — 653 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San. Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oik-
land. Cat;; also 2? South First. Saa Jos*.
CAZADERO, ik
•SStfS^w^i*^' v *J» Sau «all t o Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARO GAUGK.
Liti»ti wc«k oa>B at H.w. l-.ti, a sa. »:iij.
8;^,ll;wa; ra.; Vi^V. 1:13. 3:li. i:Si. S: IS.
ft:SO. biZii, 7:la. U:lo. 10:15 and 1X23 p. m. \u25a0
\u25a0 Depart' Sundays and hoHdaya at 7:13. 7:43.
8:13. 5:45, S*:l3. VAS. 1U:15. IOU3. U:li. U:ti
«. m.; 12:15. Vi:4S, 1:15. 1:13. 2JX 2:t4 3:15,
3:15/4:15, *:*\ S:IS. 5*5. «:15. 6:44. 1:1\
(7:45, 3:15 for Sauvaltta oniy), a:ot>. 10:15,
11:» id- n>. ;'.--.
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m.. 3:14
p. m-l; 5:11 P m. Sundays and holidays —
T:«/ 8:45. 8:15. 10:15. 11:45 a. m. 1:15 p. m.
. THROUGH TKAJJCS.
.4 «:4,"» a. m. vaily — Cajtaciciw iuu »ay juticnv
U:l5 a. m. susda>4 aad Holiday*— Point
Reyes*' etc. «* \u25a0•-"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'
3:15 p. m. daily (except - Suaday) — Fsr Cu*.
Ctro. ate. !
5:15 p. m. dally lexcept Sunday)— For Point
Reyes, etc.
8:15 p. • re. Sundays and Holiday a for C«x«~
4«ro. etc. ;
TICKET OFFICER— «SO Market st.
fERRY— Union Depot, foot of .Market sU
WeeMy :CaJl
ONE DOLLAR P£R YEAR.
CALIFORNIA KCRTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
Tiburoa Kerry. Foot of .Market .Street.'
SA"V FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK. DAYS— T:3O. 8:00. 9:00. 12:33. 2UJO.
5:10. 3:50. \u25a0
SUNDAYS— 7:3O. 8:00. S:3O a. m.. 12:35. 2:30.
5:10 p. m.
SA,V RAFAEL TO S.\N FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:OS, 7tS6, 7:50, 9:20 a. m.,
12:50, 2:46. 3:W>, "O:2U, 6:20 -p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:«3, 7:^5. 7:SW. y:2o a. m., 2:40,
4:50. 5:0».' 5:20. <i:2U. 7:5 V. 7:SS p. m.
Lmive i In jUlcri , - Arrive
San Fran. ( August 7, U>o3. | San Fran.
Wet X | Sun- I Dcstiaa- I tua- 1 \V e«K
Days. I day*. I tlou. I days. [Days.
I 7:Soa| | |
T:30& b-vua < 8:40 a, 6:40 a
b:oua "J.uOa Irnaclo. ll):2Uall0:20a
2:50 1> 2:JUp ;^ «:w p{ «:2t> p
5:10p s:lip 6:20 pi 7. -CO 9
I 7:20 pi
I " 8:60 pi
»:oOal S^Oal" Napa. |8:40alS:40a
\u25a05:lOpl s:lopj \u25a0 • . | 6:2tf pf U:2i>p
7:o0al 7:Soa| 1 " ' | 8:40 a( S:4oa !
Mtijrfi > to hi Novato. !u:2Va lur.t? .1 '
2:r.od »::>oa| Petatuma «:20 1> 6:2t> i» ;
fr:lupj »-.:wr| and 7:20 p 7:20 p i
I .r>:!0. r >:!0 pj Panu Rosa. «•:.-*> p
T:.";Oa| 1:M» * 110:20 a 10/JW a t
!>:«la| ,s:0Oa Fultcn. [ 7:'Jop B:2t> j> '
2:.T<; p| 2:30 pi - I S:5O p 7:20 p
"' ' "'"- I : -Windsor. ~ !
. 7:30 a 7:30 a HenWaburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
..-. Lyttcn." c • -
S:SOp 2:30 p ~Geya«rvllta. 7:20 p 7:20 »
.. 1.. -... . . . . Cloyerdale.. . . .
7:.Soa| 7:30al " Hcptand 110:20 a! 10:20 a !
2:::opr 2:'tt>p| and Tjkiah. f 7:20 t-j 7:20 p
J \ Wttlrts. 1 I " !
7:.*; oat 7:C0«l Bherwood. f 7:20 p[ 7:20 ;> !
8:00 1,1 «suerneville und IU:2U a|10:20 a,
2:30 pi 2::!U|'! Cam?. Vm-ntien. I S:s«p] «i:2op
JS:t»a; . | S:4Oal »:4«a
S.'IQPI '••'•10 ai Fcrcma. t «:C() p 0:20 p
. 1 S:loff nien.Vllen. t S:sop|
. 7:;«ua t .»;Wa;_ -^~~~ ,10:2a a 10;20*
2:SO pf 2:30 pi Sebastopot. ,JT:2Op 6:20 D
5:10 pi f>i'.oW 1 I
• STAGES' cona«ct *c Santa Kara for White
Sulphur " Springs • and Mark West' Springs; a;
jrulten for Burke'« Sanitarium: at Lytton tor
Lytlon Springs;' at •Gey*erv4!le jor Skasn
fcprjngs: at Clcverdale for the Qey»erE. Bocne-
vfl!e end -Greenwood; «t Hopland for- Duncan
Epfinßf. Hlghlapd Springs. , Ktbeyvllla. Carls-
bad Spring*, sjoila Bay. Lakeport »nd Bartlef
tl>tins»l at Vklah for Vichy Springs. Saratosa
strin*;!'. Bfu« Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Wttter
cSrtnsft. Upper Laltf. Poroo. Potter Vaii.v
Jian Day's.^ Llerley^/ - Hutlrljie. Orr-a h£
Hprinss. Halfway I£flu»e. Comptche. Hopkins
- MtnJ'-cino - City: Fort Bra s s. Usal'
at WlUlts for Hearst and &awyej; at SherwW
Jor Wesliiort. Cahto. Coveto. LaytonvOla, Cum.
Ellas. \u25a0 K»U*» FprtnKf. Harris. Olsen*. Dyer
Garbervill*.'. Pepp*r*ood. Camp's. ScotU and
Euttka.
to Monday rcund-trlp ticket* at re.
duoed rates . -.'\u25a0';
On Sunday*— Round-trip tickets to all points
ntyond ;-an Rafael at half. ratea.\ . . ....
Ticket offic*. tSO Uaricat street. Chronicle
buUdicfi.'*- - - • -
.. JAS^AGLER. ~~; R. X. HXAit,
/_ : '-' Gen.' Manacef. - Gen. Pacs Act.
iVIT.TAMALPAts RailWay •"
9:50 a 8:45 a I^^^^ 1 l:O2p JI:.-.5-
1:45? 1o ; 15a 2:32p 6:2' ip
Siturtij 12i45pi ?ys%r 5. : 02? "Uivi-y
talj. 2tl &r IH»J -y B«Wjysi flr3a P tar'
4;3.|p ,3;48H Iw hrfirj Tha j8:3?i»j 8:3?i» H:agp
SJF J-W-Market ST.,(North Shore ßoilroad>
a "KJB I and Sa'jsauto Fejuiy. Foot Maitct Sfc
'• \u0084 \u25a0 ,-\u25a0 \u25a0--: 'THE SAN-FRANOISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1905.
12
I : BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned.
I A— sosoo; SALOON In wholesale district: es-
' tabliehed 20 years;. full value in- siKht:- rent
i *<i&; owner muse attend estate' ln Germany.
.Particulars. R. G. WILKE..' 2(3Vj Kearny St.
A— sftso; CORNER cigar stand; 5 blocks from
Chronicle building; place clears above $100
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A—s4ooo;A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 blocks
from corner Market and Powell; an pld-e»-
' tsl>lis>hc-<] stor<>, known to be one of best pay-
ing groceries in this city. Call R. G. WILKE,
2U',i Kearny at.
A— slsoo; WATER-FRONT saloon. In very best
location end a good paying place. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st. "
A— sl2oo; CORNER fancy . grocery, aellcates-
sen and' ice cream business with 4 nice living
rooms; rent $25; 5 years' lease; place kept
by prt£t:nt owner 9 years; only cause of sale
that proprietor wishes to retire from active
business life; a flrst-class paying place, in
Western Addition. R. G. WILKK. 2U%
1 Kearny st.
A— SCOO; NOTION and variety store on Mason
St.; 4 living rooms; rent $25; proprietor must
sell on account of sickness; rare chance for
man and wife. See R. G. WILKS. 26%
Kearny st.
A— s22oo; CORNER grocery and bar on 16th
Bt. ; rent $_5; 3 living rooms; place estab-
lished years; doing about $30 business per
day; good stock; full value in sight. Call
R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny »t.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with rooms; kept by owner 7 years;
must be sold at once; owner to leave -the
city. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A—slsoo;A — $1500; BUTCHER shop across the bay;
monthly saies from $1100 to $1500; lease- 1
hone and wagon. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. \u25a0 . -. • • - .
A— slsoo; BAKERY In San Mateo Co.; located
in the most fashionable town; . large cash
trade; wagons horses; dally store receipts
above $40. Cail R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— s4so; CIGAR store with billiard hall and
bootblack stand; best location Western Ad-
dition; a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. v. .'- ' :~: ~
A— s3soo; CORNER saloon; most prominent lo-
cation on Market St.; rent $50;; owner kept
this place the last 4 years and always did
a fine business; must leave tha city on ac-
count of other engagements. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—s2soo;A — $2500; PARTNER in best corner saloon on
water front; 5 years' lease; no rent to payj
about 20 barrels of whisky on hand; arare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— sl7so; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict- surrounded by factories and wholesala
houses; owner has 3 places; must sell one.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '_
A— s6so; FRUIT and vegetable store, with
route; wagon 2 horses; very best location In
the Mission; a good-paying business; sickness
compels owner to go in the country. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s22oo; CORNER Ealoon with 6 furnished
rooms; rent $100; lease; one of the best cor-
ners north of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. \
A— s2ooo- CORNER saloon, on Third St.. with
7 rooms; rent $S5: one of the best located
places on the most prominent business part
of Third Bt.; full value in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at. .
A $2000- CORNER grocery and bar; on San-
chez st. with 6 living rooms; 4 years' lease;
rent $33; daily sales about $25; place kept by
owner 8 years; a rare chance. Call R. O.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— ssooo; THE leading saloon in Monterey,
with 6 years' lease; rent $00; stock will ln-
. voice about $2000: thiß is a bonanza: full
value in eight; owner Is compelled by other
investments to sell at once. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny St.
A S1C00; GROCERY and bar; best location
Ocean View; rent $25; full value in sight; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKB, 26% Kearny.
A— sl3oo; PAPER route; morning paper. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $1100; DELICATESSEN' Btore, with dairy
produce; living rooms; very best location on
Third St., near Call building. Particulars R,
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A— s4so; CIGAR store, -.with; Z r fine living
\u25a0 Toonfs; kept by-owner 10 years; rent $32;
moet prominent location on Larkln _t. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A—sssoo;A — $5500; MOST prominent corner saloon; one
block from Phelan bldg. ; lease; many for-
tunes made In thla corner; a "very rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A—sCso;A — $C50; CIGAR, tobacco stand, corner, with
laundry office; owner kept place 4 years;
business clears above $110 per month; loca-
tion the best; close to Examiner office. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— sl7so; SAUSAGE factory and pork store,
horse, wagon; business established many
years-; has a large patronage In wholesale
trade, also doing rushing atore trade; owner i
to retire only cause of eale. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A—s2Soo;A — $2S00; THE most prominent corner saloon
on Sixth st., with lease, and cigar stand in
front; quarrels among partners only cause of
sale; not all cash necessary. ' Call R. 'G.
WILKB. 26% Kearny at. - \u25a0- \u25a0
A— s2ooo; FANCY grocery and delicatessen
store on Sacramento St., Western Addition;
rent $30; 3 years' leaee; full value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st. .
A— s7ooo; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; place clears about $500 per month; 7
years' lease. <Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny st.
A— s2ooo; CORNER saloon, with lease and llv-
lng-room; about 3 barrels choicest whisky on
hand; location the very best; cloeo to Market
Bt.; investigate: this Is a rars chance. R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
COIJ/E CTION^^FFICE j?^^
BAD -tenant* ejected for $4; collections madej
city or country.. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main BSSO.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. _*hone South 1050.
8 Eddy "st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
65 rooms; new, modern, downtown house;
cheap rent; long leas©;. well furnished; flrst-
class condition; choice location and clears
over $250 per month; to be sold at big bargain.
18 rooms; finely located; good furniture and
carpeta; .is paying well; will exchange for 10
or 12 room house in good condition.
63 rooms; very central; el-egantly furnished;
full flrst-claas people, and If conducted as now
will be guaranteed to clear $300 per month the
year round; part cash, balance time.
63 rooms; fine new brick building; choice
central location; newly furnished In best oak
furniture, Axmirmter and velvet carpets; eleo-
tric elevator, lights and all modern conveni-
ences; beautiful, light and airy halls; In fact,
a splendid proposition; can be bought for less
than half cost to. furnish; part cash, balance
long time at low interest; price $3000.
44 rooms; fine corner, olose in; well fur-
nished throughout; always full and pays hand-
somely ; biggest bargain In city; price $3600.
80 rooms, new and mod-em: fine location!
well furnished and -paying, well, but owner la
obliged to leave city, and to make quick sale
reduced to half cost to furnish for $1500. - -.
14 rooms; fine block on Ellis at.; rent $75;
food furniture and carpets; bargain; $600.
35 rooms; grand corner;- cheap rent; very
centrally located; good oak furniture ;»-flne car-
pets; part offices;, big . money-maker; part
down, ' balance time; price $1600.
6 rooms, central;. rent $32 50; elegantly fur-
nished little home; fine buy. at $350.
23 rooms, downtown; rent $100; good furnl-,
ture and . carpeta, and If run sight can make
a mint of money out of it and will only take
$200 to get in; balance- can . be paid out of
house; price $1000.
19-room corner house; fine location; oak fur^
niture. good carpets; everything first-class con-
dition; all full and clearing $76 per month; an
excellent buy at. 51260. . .
6-room and alcove beautiful modern flat near
Butter et.; all light and sunny; elegantly fur-
nished, with -fine upright piano; bargain; g6OO.
37 rooms; fine corner; downtown; cheap rent-
first-class ; furniture '< and ; carpets; one of th 4
best little transient houses* in city and" can- be
got at big bargain;' s22so.
G8 rooms; flne'eorner; new and elegantly fur- '
nlshed apartment house; rent $200; price $2800.:
14 rooms; fine. location;. rent only. $50- north
Market;* good furniture and carpets; ail full-
price $750. . ..,.-'\u25a0
Large list of exchanges of all kinds always
on hand. . . ' \u25a0 \u0084-\u25a0 ' \u25a0
A. CAMERON _ CO., 3 EDDY ST. '
FI SHER & C 0...'.....:;..:. Phon e Main 3354
, Room 438 James Flood building. • •
Furnished rooming-housem, hotels and flats.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
IF YOU CONTEMPLATE .
CONSULTING A CLAIRVOYANT
Several things should be taken under consid-
eration.
The honesty, the reliability of advice, the
methods of procedure, the reputation fpr honr
est work, satisfactory services and secrecy. \u25a0,
If these things are considered, you will consult
V LIVINGSTONE.
His past record the best Indorsement.
Three years of continuous work In San Fran-
cisco and a clientage of thousands. ought to fix
a man's standard, and it does.
He will tell you whether your present busi-
ness Investments will be successful.
No matter what may be your hope, fear or
ambition, call on this gifted man.
Do not struggle with a troubled mind when
for a trifling amount there is relief.
He tells you everything, good or bad.
' You hear the truth and nothing but the
trutii.
TAKE NOTICE.
His only reason for giving your name in
full or any Important information you may
desire, is that he does this incidentally aa a
chain to read by.
If you are discontented, unhappy, discour-
aged, unsuccessful or in 111 health, call on
PROFESSOR LIVINGSTONE
And he will aid you In life's greatest,bl-sslng«:
HEAI/TH. WEALTH AND HAPPINESS.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
• . READINGS $1.
28%— KEARNY ST.— 26V..
HOURS 10 A. M. TO 8 P. M.
—PROFESSOR NIBLO,
ASTRO-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MT $5 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS, $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to call you by
.namo in full, names of your friends, enemies
or rivals; I promise to tell you whether your
husband, wife or sweetheart Is true or false,
tell you how to gain the love of the one you
most desire, even though miles away; how to
success In business, speculation, lawsuits;
how to marry the one of your choice; how to
regain youth, health and vitality; removes
evil Influence, cures drink habit; locates treas-
ures, cures all nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose T
How soon can I marry?
How can I make any one love me?
How soon will my lover propose? 4
How can I get a good position?
How con I control any one?
How can I hold my husband's love?
How can I keep my wife's love? ____.._
HOURS 10 to TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST.. NEAR JONES BT.
Permanently located In his own home.
PROFESSOR NIBLO.
PROFESSOR ALEXANDER DE-MAR,
The Greatest Living
Clairvoyant, Palmist and Psychio Healer.
The Only Yogi Mediator
Of Secret Influence in America.
Without 'asking you a single question he
calls you by name, tells your mother's maid-
en name, tells you the name of friends, ene-
mies or rivals, tells you what you came for,
tells whom and when you marry; in fact,
e-v-e-r-y-t-h-1-n-g.
- No matter what your troubles, sickness or
desire may be. Professor- Delmar will help
you; kind, honorable and confidential treat-
ment to all. Full life. $1. No pay in ad-
vance and unless, you are entirely satisfied
you do not pay a penny. Dally from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. ; Saturdays to 8 p. m.; Sundays,
1 to 40. m. 114 Geary st.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 810 Ellis. Bt.
Clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted
on all affairs of life; Miss Wllle guarantees
an honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; re-
veals the\past; gives correct forecast of your
futures; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you lovei reading, $1; hours
10-8 p. m. ; French, German, English Bpoken.
PRINCESS EUGENIA,
The Veiled "Prophetess.
.... DEAD TRANCE MEDIUM.
... .'. . ••- Born with a Douole Veil. - »-" -."
Educated in Occult In Egypt and India. -
$5 COMPLETE LIFE READINGS $L
Permanently located in her own home.
Private — No sign — Ring ; bell.
404 EDDY ST. 404 EDDY ST.
PRINCESS EUGENIA.
ST. GEORGE ORMONDE, 1007% Market st
Egyptian neer, clairvoyant, psychic, palmist.
Helps the troubled; removes all evil.
Advises on love, business, . mining, lost vi-
tality, \u25a0- weak habits, sale-, purchases, health,
enemies,, rivals; gives secret powers of con-
trol; teaches personal magnetism.
Ass reading, $1. Hours 10-8. Open Sunday.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market Bt., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. ta., Sundays 10 to 12. Phone
South 1141. ' . '- •
MME. KRONENBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, palmist; when others fall try me: good
reading 25c; no sign. 102% 6th, nr. Mission.
MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly:
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guar.; 25c up. 17 3d, next Examiner bid.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals hidden secrets, love, business, eto.;
names; L. 50c, G. $1. 633 Golden Gate avo.
MME. RAVENNA, the marvelous clairvoyant,
gives names, advice in all affairs. 5 4th at.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
removed from 108 Sixth st. to 954 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME YOUNG'S genuine spirit message* to-
night. 10c; readings dally. 1901 Post st., oor-
ner Flllmore.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
\u25a0 life reader. 1206 Market, r. 10, Gait House.
EARLE'S seance Sun., Wed^, 219 Eddy .at;
readings. Hotel Hlggins. O'Farrall st.
PALMISTRY.
A— RETURNED. H. Jerome Fosselll, scientific
palmist, 612 Mason, nr. Sutter; tel.Blaok 6605.
MME. MAY, calmest and card reader. 3832
ISth at., nr. Sanchez: hours, 1 to 6; 60c.
DENTISTS.
DR^XX__R^PAK>ILESS DENTAL COMPANY!
Perfect painless dentistry . at lowest prices.
Full set of teeth, $2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns, $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market st., corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $S 60; fillings 50o;
- plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
.warranted.' Chicago Dtntal Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market,. nr. 11th—
j No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
"' from $8 per set, extracting 50c; gas given.
FILLINGS, 25c and sOc; crowns, $2. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mlssrton. SB. oor. 6th.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2. no
: pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt, 101% Grant ay.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAM STRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Eve. class; patterns cut. 1190 Market st.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
\u25a0 art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
AMERICAN ' School for Opera and Drama —
Places graduates through the Theatrical Ex-
change in Europe and America; vocal (Italian
method); opera, drama, concert, vaudeville,
sketches, plays, songs and music written. Tel.
EasC446l. Mme. Jenny Ward Hays, director;
Mmc. : Tregear, bus. manager. 1225 Geary st.
A THOROUGHLY experienced public school
,' teacher wishes to' coach school children of
any. grade for examinations or In regular
school work; nervous,* delicate or backward
children a specialty; terms reasonable. 512
Jones St.; phone East 3993.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited I preparatory
school for university, law, medical colleges;
* . refs., Pres. ' Jordan or any Stanford prof. ;
summer session begins; June' 5. Pbelan bldg.
A— CALD WELL College of Oratory and Act-
. ing; fall term. begins September 4; day and
\u25a0 evening classes: positions \u25a0 guaranteed. Cata-
logue, 1205 Market st. ; . \u25a0 • ."
ALL who desire good : positions should attend
:- this college; we have had 250 good places
sinee 'March I. San: Francisco Business Col-
lege. . 73K Mission st. V, \u25a0 -
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col. ; Cal. B. C. stu-
dents with us ; * stenographers trained ; posi-
tions secured. 925 Golden Gate. Webster & Co.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
; LEG E has removed to larger quarters at 933
: Market St. : best location In city: catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24,
.Post st; S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, - steam
4. and gas engineering. ; Send for prospectus.
IRVING Institute School < for . Girls, 2126 Cal.
. St.; fall term begins Monday, August 7, 1003.
ED U CATJ^NAI^--Cout!iiucdj^ ;^ i>/ _ i
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1563: largest In the West: an-
nucl enrollment IOCO; send for circular.
BOOKKEEPING. En_.. math etc.. day and
*ye.: Individual Instr. 305 Larktn st. Prof.
T. A. Roblnaon. formerly pres. Pac. Bus, loi.
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec. mm. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, 'cyanide; day. eve.; est. !&»*\u25a0 Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
WESTERN Bus. College. .1281 Market st:
thorough com, course by experts. Catalogue.
GIRLS and boys wanted; operatic and dramat-
1c work. 1225 Geary St.: phone East 4461.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; all branches. 1412P01k st. nr. Cal.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office
promptly furn. all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post st.. Tel. Bush 13j.
UP-TO-DATE Japanesa-Chlnese emp. office fur-
nishes reliable help of all kinds promptly.
H. SAIKI. 405 Post St.; tel. James 501.
STAR Employment Office— Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. w.
KADOTA. 409 Powell St.; tel. Main l»0l.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japaneee-
Chlneoe help. 42tt Powell Bt.; tel. Main 6>52.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YO3HY. 413 Stockton St.; tel. Bush 859.
Finest Japanese help; house cleaning specialty:
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 343 Mason: tel. Janma 5251.
AN old es&ib. (1S50) Chinese emp. office; C.
CHONG'.S removed to 018 Pine; tel.Grant 156.
H. W. HONG. 1113 Clay st.; Chinese employ-
ment of flee; best help. Tal. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furn-
ished: houg* cleaning. 708 Taylor; James 7836
RELIABLE Japanesa-Chlnese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 3188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A RELIABLE woman wants position to do
housework; is good cook and laundress; city
or country. 10 Wetmore place, off Clay st.,
bet. Powell and Mason.
RELIABLE woman wishea washing-. Ironing
, or sweeping for Saturday; $1 50 and car
fare. Address box K967, Call of floe.
A GOOD oook wishea a steady place In a good
family; American cooking; no housework;
$30 to $35. Phone Howard 2933.
A NORTH German, speaks French, wishes
position, care of children or lady. Box hOoy.
Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants washing- and
house cleaning- by the day; $1 and carfare.
407 Oak st. . \u25a0
A YOUNG girl wants a position to do general
housework and plain cooking. Call at Beos
Bryant st., near Twenty-fourth.
A FIRST-CLASS oook wants position In pri-
vate family; good wages. Apply 461 Ste-
venson st.
YOUNG girl wishes light housework. Address
708% Folsom st.
DANISH girl wishes housework or cooking;
adults. 1618 Fourth at.. Alameda.
DRESSMAKER— LadIes' Jacket suits made by
ladles' tailor; shirtwaist suits, evening
gowns; designer, cutter, first-class fitter on
all work, done at home or engagements per
day; no sign. MISS BARSS, 1024 Mission at.
A GOOD, willing young woman would like a
nice place to do light housework; 2 In family;
very obliging, good, clean worker. Call or
address L. H.. 1015 PowaU »U .
YOUNG German woman with a small boy
wants position as housekeeper: country pre-
ferred. MRS. HOFFMAN, 8125 East Four-
teenth st., - Frultvale, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by elderly American wom-
an to do housework and cooking; good home
and $10 per month and car fare. MRS.
SMITH. 1065 Market st.
WANTED — An American woman wishes a po-
sition as housekeeper In a family with small
children, or can also fulfill the position of
nurse. Apply 874 Fol3om st.
A REFINED German girl wishea position to
assist with email children and teach German;
good references. Box 8961. Call office.
WOMAN wants general housework or cooking,
would go to Mill Valley or Alameda; wages
$25. 635 Stevenson at., near Seventh.
GIRL wishes position; cooking and housework;
good references. 349 Hickory aye., between
Oak and Fell St.. near Lagnaa.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagement; $1 50 per day. 4 Morse place.
\u25a0 off Broadway, near Leavenworth at.
YOUNG Danish woman (colored), upper maid
and nurse for young child; 5 years at present
plaea ; wages $30. Apply 3333 Washington st.
A SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged wom-
an to do general housework: can speak
no English. Please call at 322 Fremont st.
POSITION as housekeeper or charge of- hotel
linen room: no objection to country. Ad-
dress Housekeeper, 2416 Buah st.
NURSE wishes confinement case for August,
or Invalid to care for. Address MRS. L 8.,
1836 Hyde at. '
REFINED lady will care for children during
parents' absence; references riven. I_ H.,
421 Castro st.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day, or
will take work home; phone East 83Sd. 1603
Sacramento st., bet. Polk and Larkln.
WANTED — Plain sewing at home. 20T Eddy
street
NEAT girl wishes light housework In a small
family. Call or address N. P.. 1333 Larkin.
GIRL 16, wants position as sales lady In dry
goods store. 733 Stcvtnson st.
COMPETENT laundress wishes work by the
day. Phone East 4543.
EMPLOYMENT. WANTED— MALE.
FINE entra cook wlabaa position.
Do you want a flrst-clas* cook?
Do you wish. a flrst-olass baker?
Call or addreaa room 318, Junes Flood bldg;.
A WILLING and sober young man (Scandi-
navian) wants any kind of work to-do part
of day or all day. Box 6965, Call office.
HONEST, reliable man deslrea position: ex-
perienced - driver: well acquainted with
streets. Box 5970. Call office. >
COACHMAN wants position on gentlemen*
country place: 4 years' references from last
place. Box 0011. Call office.
YOUNG man (23), sober and steady, wants
work- at anything. Box 8968. Call office.
POSITION wanted by shoemaker: city or out.
J. BLONDY. 403 Broadway, San Francisco^
WHEELWRIGHT, without tools, wants posi-
tion; city or country. Box 9014. Call.
GOOD grocery clerk wishes work; can bring
some trade. Address box 9016, Call, of See.
DANISH man. middle-aged, wants situation;
plain gardener or man -about place; private
family and country preferred; Is sober and
steady: best of references. Address AN-
DREW JOHNSON. 331 Kearny. room 37.
ARTIST— Young man , (22), with talent and
who has had 2 years' training- In an art
school In Europe would like to learn a spe-
cial line; good at copying and enlarging;
willing to work hard. Box 5319. Call.
MACHINIST, all-round, anything, small me-
chanic; last -discharge from •electrical en-
gineers of New South Wales Government
railway. Encyclopedia, box 8955. Call.
YOUNG Frenchman with experience wishes po-
sition In Institution to take charge \u25a0of the
laundry or the machinery. Address C F
618 California st. . - • •
GARDENER, competent -in all branches
j greenhouses, lawn, orchard and vegetables)
1 wishes steady situation on private place-
references. Box 8943. • Call office.
ENERGETIC, well educated man, 25, corre-
spondent, stenographer . and ad writer; sev-
eral years' experience mail order business \u25a0
excellent references, j Box 8729. Call office.
WANTED — Position by flrst-class wheelwright
in or out of the city; all kinds of work in
that line. J. W. R., 726 Washington st .
room 4.
A: SOBER, steady, industrious young man
would like ; work In private place; under-
stands care of horses, cows and garden.
AN Eastern man. wants a position as salesman
. where advancement is possible. Address or
phone 185, : Grand Hotel.
RELIABLE man wishes position as watchman-
- gSw-cgrsss aRd ?* sh bond given:
GERMAN want* position as coachman- per-
fectly experienced In driving and care of
horses. Box 9008. Call office.
I CAPABLE bookkeeper and stenographer desire?
pertinent position; highest references; mar-
rled;.age 32. Box 5507. Call of flee. '
YOUNG married man.' sober and honest, wants
v' or 1«-?? \u25a0\u25a0•.? a , I , oon or ll< » uor Bt °re- Address
oox BUT 4. Call.
PAINTER and decorator, young man (Swiss)
of. 24, with 4 years* experience In New York
wants work.. Box 8321. Call;
STRONG; boy wants position In wholesale
house: 19 years at ___. A-_-tv _&__ __d «_,
MANY A MA'M^M^_.S; ; "GLIMBED UP" I ISP
. ........ - - - - . \u25a0- — — — — *\u25a0 -. - r
-. Roomlay-Hou'ten and Hotels for Salt.
MARION GRIFFIN.
*J^VxiJ.(_)^\ (jJ.it 1 r ii*- -
MARION GRIFFIN.
070 — Market — Bt. — room — SOI — Eighth
floor — James — Flood — Building — opposite
"The — Emporium." — Phone — Main — ;>>i™;
Modern — Business — Methods. — llOOMUN-
anrt — APARTMENT — Houses.. — Abstracts
furnished. — All — titles — guaranteed. t
r Our — Ellis — St. — Entrance — Is ;
' ' -r-Oppo-ite^ — \u25a0_,„,
—THE — GOLDEN — WEST — HOTEL—
- —TAKE — THE — ELEVATOR— ,
Special.
Owner under con-
tract to leave this city
on Important busi-
ness; must sell his 33- (
room - corner house; .
clean as a pin; full of
... roomers; . \u25a0 monthly
bankable profit $123.
MAKE
• YOUR OWN
OFFBR
• . — To—
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market it. '
. $1000 (first payment)
secures splendid 36- \u25a0
room.
FAMILY BOARDING
. . . ' . .HOUSE.
» IT'S A MANSION
With EXTENSIVE
GROUNDS filled with
ehrubbery and flower-
ing plants. OAK and
. MAHOGANY furni-
ture
\u25a0 What does the busl- '
ness pay 7
The BANKABLE
- ' /PROFIT Is §207
'. — each 30 days —
Isn't that good for
a little capital of
only $1000?
Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN.
40 rooms. ,
Rent $140— ($3^. per
\u25a0 . . room).
NICE LOOKING
CORNER house with
many big, roomy bay-
wlndows.
Near SUTTER Btreet.
East of Van Ness aye.
Worth $3000; will
positively accept any
offer down to $1400.
Good manager should
clear $160 to • $200
monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
_—_—_—-_-____________—————————————-————————-
\u25a0 23 rooms for $1100
(part cash and month-
ly installments).
—BRAND NEW—
i FURNISHINGS. # *
MEN ROOMERS
ONLY.
$3 per room rent.
— Lease for 5 rooms —
Note. — This house
\u25a0was furnished by a
rich lady for a friend
who cannot now take
charge. Profit about
$88 monthly Exclu-
sively for sale by 4
MARION GRIFFIN,
SOl James Flood bldg.
APARTMENT
HOUSE.
31 rooms laid out In .
3-room apartments;
roomers tako care of
their - own rooms;
landlady cares for the
halls.
: $1600 PRICE $1600
Nicely located on
sunny side, near Lar-
fkln and Turk; 5 blocks
|north of Market Bt. . '
|LOw RENT, less than
— $4% per room —
: ___ NICE-dass of.QLJiET, _\u0084 -
PERMANENT' room-
ers.
— See —
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market St..
Opp. The Emporium.
! OUR
Ellis-et. entrance' is
OPPOSITE
The
: GOLDEN WEST
HOTEL.
— 222 rooms — '\u25a0
FINEST and best ,
apartment house of
222 rooms in . San
Francisco. It is
—MAGNIFICENT—
New and right up to
;.' date.
—For A— ' '
Money-making . busi-
ness It could not be
better located.
It caters to
WEALTHY PEOPLE
who want SWELL
APARTMENTS with
all the • comforts of '
home. EXACT BOOK
I ACCOUNTS are kept,
which are open to
bona-flde investiga-
tors. \u25a0 . . ,
PROFIT $0000 to
. $SOOO yearly. x.
, This house can only
be inspected by a
buyer who Is accom-
panied and vouched
for by""" *
MARION GRIFFIN.
THE AGENT,
IRoom 801,
[James Flood Building.
— 50 rooms—
NEW snd MODERN.
Beautifully furnished.
5 YEARS' LEASE. .:../
July Profit $193. : .
ELECTRIC ' ' .'\u25a0 .
ELEVATOR.
No convenience omit-
ted known to an- up-
to-date architect.
— See—
MARION GRIFFIN,
970 Market
——10 rooms——— .
. Clears living for man
and wife.
A — clean — sunny — flat.
HIGHLY
RESPECTABLE.
— NOT—
Large and elaborate,
but a , great bargain.
MARION GRIFFIN.
070 Market. _^^.
CARPET-BE ATIIVG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpet • and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. 8. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, • 308 Market
st; phone Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send Tor SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison Bt. ; Al cleaning, 3c. . FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.;- phone Mission 225.
EXCELSIOR, 82 Eighth St.— New process;
first-class work guaranteed. Phone Mint 258.
CARPETS clean., "fit., lay. 530 G.G.ave.;phone
East 1065. Btar Ren. Co.. W. Wagner. Mgr.
CARPETS cleaned and laid, 8c a yard. KLEIN-
ERT.-.lfi-O Polk st.; phone East 725.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet ; Beating Works,
Golden Gate aye. & Larking phone East 120.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM& CO.". Propa.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth . .St.— Flrst-clasa
carpet cleaning, 3c -yard.; x Tel. Mission 74.' -.\
RUDOLPH Si CO., carpet-beating works;. prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.. Mission 263.
LACE CURTAINS - A^D BLANKETS:
BRANDT'S New I York Curtain j House; most
. complete plant for cleaning. lace curtains and'
> blankets. 132-t FUlniorc-: phono Pine 1 2622. , - .
DR. PIERCES; Mngnetle ".'\u25a0 Elastic Truss; J per-
,"\u25a0' fecf retainer; 'positive cure; book free. Re-
moved to 206- Kearny st.",'- room 307.
I DO" not cure rupture, 1 but can | hold I them lln
\u25a0place. WEDEKIND. 440 Geary at.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE— Con
I FRENCH and Italian flrst-cla3s cook wants
" position in private family: good references.
14W Dupont »t.
BY a stronK. sober, steady young man. aiiy
kind of work Jn ctty; reference*, liox 7741
Call offl:e.
W-tfiTES — Painting, paperhanging. ttattfte
etc.; strictly first-class at moderate prices"
Box 7SD.S. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position; few hours'
work, mornings cnly. Address box S*tls. Call.
BRIGHT Japanese student —-ants place _»
schoolboy; tine cook. Y. OHASI, I_l Haight.
HONEST Japanese wanti a position ta do
housework. G. S.. 1-3 Mission st.
JAPANESE coupla want situations in family;
man can do housework and w'.fe ca:i do
plain cooking. TAKAGI. 122H Fultcn st.
SCHOOLBOY, faithful Japanese boy. «Is)Ma
position as waiter; speaks good English;
have good experience. Box 0015. Call ofiie».
A JAPANESE with long experience as cook
wants a position as schoolboy: wages ».; ;..,,>
and up a week. B. V.. 2316 California et.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position, city or
country, as plain cook. MIYAMOTO. 02s
Stevenson et. ; phone Mint 3241.
JAPANESE would like work of any kind for
half day. J. KATO. 34J Mason St.; phono
James 5251.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese laundry man wishes
pcsltlcn: speaks English. J. HAYASHI, 3500
Twenty-third st.. San Francisco.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position at el«-
vator-work. il. GEORGE. 335 Mason st.
JAPANESE wants evening work; % or 3 hours.
PETERS. 2503 Market st.
CHINESE excellent cook wishes position, ho-
tel, restaurant, bcardlns-house; meat and
pastry cook; good referenoes; satisfaction.
1113 Clay st.. upstairs; tel. Black 3558.
CHARLEY WILLMON. j -
A GOOD Chine** cook would like position ta
family. H. D. WONG. 2a Brenham place.;
tel.' China 572.
CHINESE first-class cook wants a position;
w?rea $40 and upward. Call at 760 Clay st-
New .York Dental Parlor.
NO. 1 Chinese first-class family cook la city.
Address SOT Washington st. -
CHINESE first-class cook wants position;
family. Address 322 Dupont at.
FINANCIAL;
WATER front property — iSOxTOO feet, with
depth of water at pier line 12 feet at low
tide, and is being deepened; prlc# $33 per ft.
Here is a good site for a manufacturing
plant or lumber yard. "W. E. BERNARD.
476 Tenth at.. Oakland.
AA— REALTY SYNDICATE
All certificates cashed at top price; Mat*
amount of certificate; payment will b» mad»
immediately. G. I>. SHADBURNE Jr.. Call
bulldlns.
REALTY SYNDICATE AND CONTINENTAL.
BUILDING AND LOAN
certificates purchased; spot cash; highest pr!o«.
&ae me before selling-. W.L. Harper, Crocker bid.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN cer-
tificates purchased for cash. G. D. 3HAD-
BURNE JR.. Call building.
FLATS TO LET.
AAAA
Every desirable .vacant dwelling: Is listed ta
our renting- department. Combined lists from
25 of the largest agencies, saves a world ot
time and trouble.
Service Is absolutely free.
You are not asked to buy or even look at fur-
niture. Welcome!
STERLING FtTRNnXTRE COMPANT.
1030 Market St.. opposite McAllister.
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting- department is free to all; wa can
find you a home in any part of the city:
ask for no payment other than your good
will; we do not ask you to buy or even look
at the goods; use. this department frwly;
you are more than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO.. 243-258 Geary
st. (on the square).
$20 AND $22 50—3 asd 0 rooms; now flats;
all modern Improvements; birdseye maple
parlors and mantels; larga porcelain bath;
electric bells and gas tights; all rooms tint-
ed; Coso aye.. corner Preclta aye., 100 foot
from Mlssion-st. cars: Mission warm belt.
Inquire S. DUCAS CO., Chronicle building.
owners.
A DELIGHTFUL corner Cat. nearly new. 8
rooms, basement, etc.; every room sunny;
rent reasonable; half block from Market st.
8947 17th St.; take Castro or ISth at. car.
ELEGANT, upper, sunny, 7-room fiat; tenant
for the 3 attio rooms li desired. Inquire
1921 Fifteenth st.
$37 60— New modern, sunny, 9-roora upper
flats. 343 Devisadero st.; apply at candy
store.
A NICE sunny flat. 223 Scott st. n«ar Haight.
SACRAMENTO. 1363— 3-room Cat; gas. larr»
yard; rent $10.
SANCHEZ. 1010—5 rooms and bath; latest im-
provements; largo cellar, yard; sun. all day.
REED. 26 — Four sunny rooms. Apply \u25a0 1325
Washington st., near Jones.
ELEGANT apartments — 1 rooms, bath each;
rent $20. Franklin st., near Greenwich.
FIVE room*, bath, sun all day; clean. 83T
Capp, near Twenty-fourth.
$17— FTVT- rooms. 10T3 Post st.. near Lar-tar-*
X SMALL, nicely furnished flat to rent. In
exchange for board of ona person. 532 Hay**.
HOWARD, 11 59 A — Four sun ay rooms; rent
cheap.
I_VNGTON. 289— t-roona flat; $10. Kay at 019
Bryant St.. grocery. _^
NOE. 1066 — New Cat; modern Improvements;
near 24th and Castro cars; 8 rooms.
MODERN flats. 1933-1937 O'Farrell st: 9 and T
rooms, bath, basement, yard: rent reasonable.
$17 — FLAT. 4 room., baths Ursa yard. Key
711 Treat ava.
HOWARD. 2609-2613 A. near 22nd— Modtrn np-
per and lower sunny Cats. 8-7 rs. ; $22 30-S2O.
SACRAMENTO." 1363— Three-room flat: m,
larga yard; rent $10.
NICE comer flat: 9 rooms and bath. 1002 Ma-
son st.. near Sacramento.
KUHXITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST riven away: ur.red*«r_.ed storaz* pt-
anoa & Furn. Whltehcad's Storage. 1636 MVt.
FURN IT CUE WA-VTED.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market
at., bat. Oth and 10th. paying bl? money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179. \u25a0
HENRY MATER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission; tel. Bush 313.
Z. ABB LEVY, 1133 Market st., phon* Jessla
761, pays cash and buys everything.
\u25a0'\u25a0 ' =-»
I HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
i A WAITRESS (arm work), restaurant, $« _
1 month; no- room.
8 arm waitresses, restaurant. Oakland. $3 *
we«k; no Sunday work.
2 waitresses for 'as Institution in ctty. $23
each.
2 wattreasas for hotel, first-class. Barksley.
$23.
One chambermaid, no watting-, hotel, short..
distance out. 535.
A waitress for work!agmen'a hotel, coun-
try. $23.
Four good second girls. $23 and $30.
Two g-lrls for same housenold. $23 and $13.
SO housework _lrls for city, $23 and $30.
30 housework girls for country. $23 and $30.
A oook for a German family, $40.
A cook for a Jawtsh family. $35.
Call at MISS PLUNKETT"S, 423 Sutter
st.. near Powell.
WOMEN and girls wanted Immediately; a!s»
experienced canners ; steady work and hl?h-
ast pay. Apply CALIFORNIA CANNERIES
CO., 42S Brannan st-. bet. Third and Fourth.
"WANTED— Youns woman a» _overness for
two children: must be well educated ami
capable of Instructing: good place for cna
who appreciates a good home; state age. ex-
perience. If any. and salary expected. Ad
dres3 box 9013. Call office.
SALESWOMEN for school books and supplies.
Apply Superintendent's office, The Empo-
"rtum.
CASH jflr'3: must be 14 years of ass and brin*
age acd school certificates. Apply Superin-
tendenfs office. The Emporium.
LADY cashier wanted to-day for good posl-
tion. '. 3_3gssSJs
Waitresses can obtain cood positions at
good pay by calling at once. Koom 31>.
James Flood building. ..^
A YOUNG lady bookkeeper wanted: state ex~»
perlence and salary expected. -Box 8965.
Cail office. ,
COMPETENT woman wanted to take care of
children by family summertn* in San Ra-
fael. CWI 2037 Pierce st, before noon.
MEI-TIXG i NOTICES — Continncil.
SAX F__AKCJSCO Lodge of Perfection
No. 1. A. and A. S. R.. Masonic T-m- B
i pie, b Pcft Bt. — Special meeting THIS t\
(THURSDAY) EVENING. August eggk
: 10. 1003. S o'clock. ' Fourth degree. ---I-**—
\'isitir.g brotlirt-n cordially Invited.
KKNRT' BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— ffl
Special meetiiKf THIS (THURSDAY) VTr
KVKNING at S o'clock. M. M. de- /^r*
fc-:>e By <-r<ler of the H. P
I a , .TC>IIN It. MILLMAN. S»»cr^tary.
CALXFOHKIA Lcdre No. 1, F. and A. fa
>!.. will n.eet VHIS (I"HURSDAY) V_rf
EVENING. .August 10, at 7:3«/ v»
o'cluck. Second lieeree.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secrctan'-
FIDELITY Lout* No. 120. F. and A. g
M.— Speetal mating THIS (THURS- V\f
I_>AY) EVKNING at 7:30 o'clock. /V*
First decree. Masons cordially In-
vited. By ordor of the W. M.
FRKD?:R!CK BARRY, Secretarj'.
SOUTH SAN FIIAKCISCO Lodge No. JS
_I_. F. ar.J A. M. — Special meeting W
THIS (TUL*Ri?DAY) EVENING at /V\
7: JO. First degree. By order of the
W. »'. WM. I. B. WARNER, Secretary.
DOHIC I-^dge No. 216. F. and A. M. «
Firtt degree THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENINO. 8 o'clock. Masons cordially /W\
invite-. By order of the Maiter
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sep.
STARR King Lodge No. 344. F. arid m
A. M.. 321 Derlradero st. — Special "V*_f
meeting THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- /^TV
INCt lor second degree at 7:15 o'clock.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
H. F. WRIGHT. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. Cl, K. of P., will -^»
confer the rank of page on THURS- \£_3sr_/
DAY EVENING August 10, at 220 T_**£
Golden Gate aye. Red Mon's Hall. _£_>C
All brothers Invited. *ea**^^
• J. ROBERTSON. C. 6.
6. W. GATES. K. of R. and S.
THE San Francisco. Scottish Thistle. C 7 »-
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3, f\ Ol
KVENING in Fraternity Hall, 32 >[Jkx^
O'Farr?U st.. at 8 o'clock.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
AA— DIVORCE; costs. $12; quick, quiet; ad-
vice free; no charge unless successful ; open
evenings: wills, deeds, Kaoes, bills of sale
and articles of co-partnership carefully p.r<»-
pared; bankruptcy, collections, and probating
of estates, 1-27 Market St.. room 301.
AA— DIVORCE cosus $12.
Quick, quiet; legal advice free.
No charge unless successful.
All law business.
Examiner building, room 318. tTilrd floor.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Gth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice: no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADIVE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases handled; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. Sl9 Mkt., r. JJ3.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market, room 304, consulta-
tion free; no fee in advance. Open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
I WANT to exchange property in Oakland for
a first-class gasoline auto touring car; five
persons; side entrance; nothing but a flrst-
class, up to date machine will be consid-
ered: J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oak-
land.
"03" PACKARD car; original cost $2550; a
snap for $600. WALTER S. FRANCE, 217
Ellis st.
FOR sale — Two-cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER S. FRANCE. 20 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale — Two-cylinder light delivery car.
WALTER S. FRANCE, 20 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale or exchange for real estate^ — '06 side
entrance 20 horsepower tourlngr car. Apply
C. E. WRIGHT. 921 Golden Gate aye.
A bargain — 1905 White touring car, practically
new. 606 Van Ness aye., nr. Golden Gate aye.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make $5 to $10 a day selling "King
of Lights"; best gas light In market; sales-
men wanted for Frisco and adjoining towns
and cities: territory for good men; work
evenings and add to your Income. WILL-
TOM GAS LIGHT CO.. 430 Jones St.
ASTHMA CURE. .
A. DI NOLA'S asthma remedy cures; for sale
by all druggists; main depot 1602 Market St.,
St. Nicholas Hotel; 10c. 25c. 50c postage.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
FAMILY would like" two children to board;
best of care; large yard; $20, 453 Ninth st.
BICYCLES.
ALL kinds second-hand bicycles bought, sold
and exchanged. J. W. FRY. 1820 Polk Bt.
BUSINESS CHANCES. |
R. E. CALLAHAN. 26 Montgomery st.
Telephone John 6SIKt.
Business locations and leases a specialty.
Confidential Information on several first-class
groceries and bars; also several well-located
and good-paying saloons.
$8500 — 21-ROOM hotel and bar in Monterey
Co., Including property of 200-ft. frontage on
Main Et., and ail the Improvements, which
consist of "a livery stable, two buggies, two
wagons, six horses, harness complete; OOtona
of hay, 125 sacks crushed barley. 10 hogs, 2
cowg, water works, 3-room cottage, com-
pletely furnished; everything- first-class
shape; receipts of hotel and bar guaranteed
to be not less than $1000 per month. Full
particulars R. E. CALLAHAN.. 26 Mont-
gomery st. -
A — CAMERON & CO South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
A—s3 CooA — $3C00 buys first-class coal, wood and Ice
business; also electric plant for sawing wood;
located In fine bay town; equipped with
horses and wagons; doing good business;
clearing over $150 per month; established ten
years; owner has other business and cannot
devote his tlm« to It. See CAMERON & CO.
A — AN Investment of $500 to $1000 will secure
the position of secretary and treasurer for
first-class corporation; salary $100 per
month;, is well-established; bank references.
See CAMERON - CO. \u25a0
GROCERY and bar; prices $1300 to $3000.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Market St.
SALOONS— AII prices; $750 to $5000.
Milk route, baker shops, repair shops, car-
penter shops, blacksmith snopc, coal yards.
Oyster and chop house. $175 to $1500.
Grocery, branch bakery, school supplies; $350.
Stationery and notion stands; millinery.
Candy, coda water and ice cream parlors.
Cigar stands, all kinds and prices. Offices,
houses, apartments, flats and transient.
Ranches, all kinds, with and without fruit.
Restaurants and delicatessen stands.
$4700 — Up-to-date corner saloon; Kearny st,
CAL INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market at.
WATCHES— SI down and $1 a week; any kind
of case or movements. RALPH & ED. 143
Powell st., upstairs.
WATCHES, diamonds,' Jewelry, silverware and
sealskin* on small weekly or monthly pay-
ments. RALPH & ED, 143 Powell, upstairs.
$V<o0 — FOR the swellest moving outfit and buM-
. ness In town; snappy, up-to-date wagon and
team; cannot be resisted when seen. J. D.
PHILLIPS, northwest corner Eleventh and
Broad wfry, Oakland.
FOR eale — Whole or half interest In estab-
lished men's furnishing goods and tailoring*
business; central location; near Market St.,
S. F. ; excellent opportunity for right party.
Address M. F. G.. box 5333, Call office.
TO leaee — A brick plant; 40,000 capacity dally;
engine, boiler, crusher and every facility for
making first-class brick: unlimited quantities
cf clay. Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
IC2IH Market Bt.; tel. South e_2. .
A PARTNER wanted with $200 In a long ee-
tabllshed ger.teel business; will pay $90
monthly to each; experience not necessary;
short hours. Call 1027& Market St.. room 2.
FOR sale— Part or all of $350,000 sawmill
proposition, with valuable adjuncts; sure
money-maker, but needs money to 'swing' It;
principals cnly. Address box 794 C, Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call Business Office for particulars.
A GOOD restaurant for sale this week on ao-
count of sickness. Box 9012, Call office.
FOR sale — Restaurant; old established place; '
doinu good business. Call 448 Third st.
WANTED — To rent; first-class hotel, country.
Aaflreg- bax-. S9CO, Call otflce. .
GROCERY and liquor license for sale. Inquire
at 09S Fulton st.
GOOD corner ealoon for eale cheap; good flx-
tures, larg? etock, lease. 043 Washington st.
HAY, - grain, \7ood and coal yard; account of
filckness; must e«ll. 1630 Mifsion fct. '
FOR 6a!o — Dellcai.-ssen and restaurant; good
place for man and wife. Box 8200, Call.-.
GOOD - Call rout* tor sale. Apply at Call
office. #
JOLLN I>. SPKKCKJ^^^roprictor
A^rct-s CrinnunicaLic—* to
JO. IX McX A I <iiUj-_u_- _-______ >I JIBg ge -
U. .1. MAKTi Xj 1 ii^-VI
TISUEPHCNE.
Aok for THE CAU.. The
nect You With tbe Depa-licM-t i'-ui '-u *•»*'*•
Plication C.r.-.ee....Mark«-t £
Editorial Kooai* tc s*eveciai
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ctr. Per J*'*?* TS
Cts. IVr Month Single Co; Ufr •»
DAILY CA-L rincJudiS-Bday). 1 !
DAILY CALL [Indud! Sunday). « mo.-.. «•«"
t>.\ilv call— »:>• stn?i-- m<k»«» \u0084 M i
BCXDAY CALL, 1 Year J'^
WEEKLY CAIL I Y.ar ; . .^. - ;; — • •_• •-_;_,
FOREIGN jS£g£rflM Per ***r E-tra ;
POSTAG_. \ weekly " l-« 0 Pet Year Extia
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded w_ea re- ,
quetted. , , 1
Mall BUtecriber* in ordering . cha^* h
Crest __o_i- be partkoiar to *' v «J' 0 J Ih,^'1 h ,^' a
AND OLD ADDRESS la ° rder " __li r ;-«-
prong* as- correct compliance with t&eir /•-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE: _
JUI6 Broadway Telephone M*~fl IOSo
ALAKEDA OFFICE:
14^5 Park Btreet. Ntar Santa Clara Avenue.
Phone A;a:neda Sj9.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street Telephone North 11
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JAKES S. TTLKR Ppft Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Eivn i ano 31
r-l:n Biu_rt; Murray mil Hotel; _ litn-avenue ;
Hotel tr.d KofTrr.au House.
CHICAGO NT-WS STANDS:
. Sherman House; P. O. New* Co.; Great
Korthern Hotel: Trc-mont House; Auditorium j
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
(Lo:._- L>is;ar.ce Teiepnene. 2ol v J."J
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHL.N B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildln*
NEW YOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAF.LTCN ...Herald Square j
tL'f INESP OFFICE ot the San Francisco Call, j
comer Market an_ Third streets; open untii ]
12 o'clock every r.ight in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lLvb Market etrect. opposite Fifth; open ontil
11 p. m.
Si'j Montgomery aye.; open until 9 p. m.
Sou L'ayt.t street; oj.en until 'J::50 p. m.
T.Y.i XcAli:=tc-r street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin Etrect: open until 9:30 p. m.
I'.<Jl Misflcn street; open until 10 p. m.
100 Eleventh etrtet; open until 9 p. m.
Ji.i't; Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Nor:hf_et corner Church and Duncan streets;
o;.en until S» p. m.
2200 FiHmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1O MUSCUIBEHS LBAVIXG TOW.N
FOB THE BUMMER.
CALL, .«u'.iM-rilicr» contemplating a
rliant;e of residence during the summer
znoiitiiN can beve their paper furnanlrd
J.j mall to tbeir nevr address by notify-
ing TUB CALL DaslneMS Office. This
paper nill ali>o be on sale at all summer
reoortk and is repreoentcd by a local
itgcut in all towns on tbe coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
FOR Au:d Lang Syne — St. Andrews' A C#> >-
Society will celebrate the anniver- 3^ G»V%?
eury of the birth cf Sir Walter SJ»;*l_s?
fccott en MONDAY EVENING. 14th >^_5^
cf August, in Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin st.
l J rofestor H. Morse Stephen*. M. A., will de-
liver _n adlrese on the genius and works o'
Kcott. Songs, recitations, etc., taken frorr.
Urn works of Scott will be rendered by the
test talent procurable. Tickets "!>c, to b«
S.ad cf Jonn Reid & Son 78 Geary St.. c*
from mt-rnbers cf the eoclety.
KOTXCE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COM-
PANY — A special meeting of the stockholders
cf the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
*i;i be htid at the office or the company. In
room 1216. In the Merchants' Excharigft
tiuildirie. in the city and county of Saa
Francisco, In the State of California, the
tame being the principal place of business
or nil corporation, and Delr.g the building
• cere the board of directors of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on the 28th day of August.
laC's. at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, to con-
- «i_er end act upon the propositions:
Fi.-Et. to increase the capital stock of eaid
corporation to one hundred and sixty million
dollar* (JieO.OOO.OOU). and for that purpose to
tratnd article VI of the articles of incorpora-
tion and consolidation cf the company to
read as -fellows:
"The amcu.it of the capital stock of said
corpcratior thall be one hundred and sixty
_t:i:iior. dollars ($100,000,000). divided ln:o
cue million six hundred thousand (1,600,000)
cheies cf the par vajue or one hundred dol-
Urs <$100) each, which said amount of capi-
tei stock does not exceed the amount actually
required lor t_e purposes o* the said corpora-
lion, and ie the amount actually required
t :..j ascertained to be necessary for construct-
ing, completing, equipping, operating and
maintaining its road, _nd is bo estimated by
competent er^rinters, as will appear by tU«
•rrittea estimate of such engineers, duly
tlgned by them, and flied in the office and
principal place of busineta aforesaid of _ald
icjporation."
And to emend paragraph third of article
XII of the said articles to read as follows:
The number of directors of eaid con-
•oliiated corporation thall be eleven (11)
•n_ the .-.mount of "the capital etock of *ald
corporation shall be one hundred and s'xty
o_i;iic_ dollars ($ 1C0, 000, 000). which eald
• m&ant of capital etock is the amount ac-
tually required for the purposes of said cor-
poration, and is the amount actually re-
quired and ascertained to be necessary for
cocttructlng, completing, equipping, operat-
!rg ar.d maintaining Its road, and 1* 60
• stimated by competent engineers as will
ar-p*ar by the aforesaid written es'tlmate of
Mid engineers, duly eigiu-d by them and on
Me as aforesaid. Said capital etock of _al_
corporation shall be divided into one million
iix hundred thousand (l.eoO.000) shares
vt the jar value of one hundred dollar.
(JIIXO tach. of which said shares of sal-
capita; clock the following have been «üb-
teribed by and allotted to the stockholder*
cf taid constituent corporations, as htrrln
*!ttr e et forth, to wit:" " lo
•To the Southern Pacific Railroad 'Com
tany Incorporated, organized and rximti?,
_:.<Ser the laws of the State of Call'orn'/
*.r.d to its rhareholderr. o_ e miflfon and
tcurtpen thousand two hundred and forty-one
_nd tlxty one-hunfiredths (1.C14 2U en livn?
• tarts." '
•To tl'.e Southern Pacific Railroad Com
peny. Jncoiporaied. organized bni
_nder the law* of the Territory of Artrin/
«._d to itb stockholders, one hundred .„?
twSSr3_!rS^ niDe huna ™ «1 X
"To the Southern Pacific Railroad rv,-.
F _cy of New Mexico, incorporated T organ £d
era cxistiUß under the laws of thi T^
d New Mexico and to its .tocSold" 7
..xtv-tlght thousand eight hundred 2S
€:Ehty-eignt (CS.SJSS) shares." uunared ««»<*
••'I lie fctvtr_l Etockhoiderg of .«».•. f
conttitucnt corporations £ hali haVeT i,_J,. f ald
them by the said consolidated cornorati
paid up shares of the capita! stock O 'i?-
contolidated corporation out of \u25a0 t £_ I the
thereof subscribed by and aliottJrt , .r. r , ci
nockhoiders of their respective £\u25a0 .?. th *
corporations to the «ke amount SSn.^'v 01
foliar, at their par value with the vtlUiZ
t.l the Fliares held by t urh *tocxh?_e*?"n
their respective constituent corDoVflM^. \u25a0\u25a0 n
Thereafter and secondly, to t *
,i indel.tedncss of taid corporation \«°ts'
.mount in the aggregate of one hin-i- 2 the
,!xt.v :nii!icn dollars ($lOO.OOO 000? fn ml } 2
coir, cf the United States (a iWfbn J -.£ ? ld
v to be used in retiring exis^n* L, ° n f , *- <*
fifbtednes-s). and to increase thf w?2_2 !n"! n "
«fbtfdre« of sas4 corporation "un \u2666"?'\u2666 £"
*:ncur.t In the aKKregate of one hunrtrVi ,
ti.ty million dollars <*lC0.0«.O,oco\ £ *"_
coin or the United States, and to wi?™ 8 ?: 4
»3ld rrcposed bonded Indebtedness w the
mortgage upon the railroads. francM,^. y ._ a
property of the company now owned or" here
trier acquired, end the income th*r_,? I
•uch part thereof as may be pres~£hed ?,'l
the tr.crt«ase: and t., determine t_ e co-ln b »a <
terms cf «=a!<3 bonds and mortgate '^1/ , i
authorize tie Board of Director. *J' take \u25a0 m '
•uch actlcn as tb<y rr.&y deem neces_arv '
•xpefiient In the ;.,crii!sfs. r or
Dated the 2feth day of June. 1903 '.
By crdcr cf ilt- l'«;ar.i of Dirtfcror*.. I
f«-et;ir> <f :!>> Ffiv.'hern I'nciflc" i:_*u-oad i
JAMKF KrWIUSON !
J. M. HANFOHD,
PETEH K. DIJXNE. 1
3. L. WILLCUTT
FP.ANK n. XrN<S.
CRAS. P. LINCOLN.
__ G. L- KING I
Director* er __'._ Southern Psctflc Railroad
Company .THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY— AUGUST: W, 1905.
13
LIFE ON A LADDER OF WANT ADS
j HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READ*. 6.»4-C3tJ Clay st.
fiumtf iia;n 5513.
OFFICE KOUlttf. 7 A. Si. TO JO P. M.
This new system gives employers a chance
\u25a0to phone us until lv «.-. m.
Likewise
Ail can cali alter tht-ir day's work.
Our Own Printing ;
Plant issues our free list of positions
four times daily — 7 a. m.. 10
a. ::. . 1 p. ni., 4 y. m.
EMPLOYERS. ATTENTION.
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION' RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BHST Uj:LP DO AS OTHERS DO.
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & KEADY. C3l-tfjtt Clay St..
Letiiing Krr.ylcyment and Labor Asents.
Phone Main SSIS.
THE RIGHT OF MAX TO LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
«< gave in l»04 IMS we hope to
04, C00 men work. Increase C 4.000.
Wo do not supply female help, but we do
: supply men ar.d wives fcr all classes of work.
WE SPEAK THE
German, French. Italian, Portuguese, Span-
ish. Slavonian, Scandinavian and Greek
languages. .
KiitE FARE— GOING EAST— S. P. R. R.
Ih!. LABORERS.
GREAT CROWDS ARE GOING— ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU PORTLAND, 505 WOODSMEN.
GOING? OREGON. 055 MILLMEN.
$S0 month. $67 50 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Cay st.
CENTHK OF FRUIT DISTRICTS.
FREE FARE.
55 senerai men. you can do it. $60 month.
Manager wi;i arrive at cur office 7 a. m.
JiURKAY & HEADY, 634-txiß Cay su
ARE YOU A DRILLER?
23 men. cj>tn cut work, it's steady, $67 50.
Fare $1. Fee $I— That's all.
MURRAY' & READY, 634-636 Cay st.
~ ~ NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
SPECIAL R. R. FARE $2 75.
25 teamners (can drive 2 horses), $67 50.
He is here, general manager, see him.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Cay st.
mechanical!
is bricklayers
for Seattle: your fare paid; usual wages.
Chipper, foundry, lare $3, mine. $67 50.
Blacksmith, structural work. No. 1 Job.
Brick kilnsetter, $75. •»'•
Blacksmith cr a woodworker, lare $2 50,
f3 50 day.
26 blacksmiths, bcrseshoers. etc., $4. $3 50.
$3. $2 50 day.
Blacksmith, machinist. Government Job. $<5
and fcund.
23 e'ack coopers, $40 and found.
dealer, lumber company, $75; offbearer,
$S2 5a
ELECTRICIANS. ETC.
Electrician and lathe hand for mine, $90;
cobbler. rerair work; turner, band
sawytr, fare $1, $2 50 day; machine hand,
country rianing mill. $3 50 day: band saw-
yer, fare $1, $3 50 day; wood turner planing
mill, fare $1, $3 50 day; screw turner, big
carriage L. Co.. $S0 and fd.
CORNICE MAKERS AND TANK ERECTERS
6 cornice makers, fare paid, boss here.
NORTH. $4 day; sticker hand, mill, south,
$3 50 day; tank ereoter. Redwood. $4 50
day; machine hand, run sticker, fare $1. $4;
brass finisher, city, $2 50 to $3 day.
BRICKLAYERS— SOLDERERS.
Hod carrier good wag-es; private work.
4 solderers, Lsc hour: fare $2 50.
WEAVERS.
12 weavers on blankets.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, country planing mill. $4 day.
TO HELP CARPENTERS.
25 laborers, free fare. $60. • -'; */:
MURRAY A- READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
MISCELLANEOUS.
18 woodchoppers. $1 25 cord.
Man tc make Icecream and open eggs, $35 fd.
Farmer handy with carpenter's tools, &0c
fare, $35 and found. *
Oysterman, $45 to $50 and found.
12 boys, learn trades, $i, 55 and $6 week.
Man wcrk about duck preserve, $25 and
found; fare paid: boss here. .
IRONERS. ETC.
2 starch lroners, south. $2 25 day.
Polisher, fare $1. $35 to $40 fd.
. BUTCHERS.
Butcher, all-round man. $75 and room.
MARRIED— ARE TOUT
Farmer ar.d wile, fruit farm $52 50 found.
Cock ajnd wife, small hotel, 50c fare. $b0 fd.
Farmer and wife, chicken ranch, fare $1, $10.
Farmer and wife. 5 people. $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st,
~ FREE FARE.
GOLD MINE — OTHER MINES.
1«8 single and double band drillers. $30,
$82 50. $75.
12 laborers to i»arn mining $60.
IS9 drillers, quarries, tunnels, etc.. $75.
20 laborers large country factory $60.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
565 laborers and teamsters, different Jobs,
come in San Francisco. $2, $2 25. $2 50 day;
come, ccc us.
FARMS. ORCHARDS, ETC.
€5 -general ranch hands, $30, $35, $40 found.
HARVEST AND HaY-BALING HELP.
Zi> men. cifftrent positions. $1 50. $2 and
$2 50 day and found.
12 hay-balers, different places, 15c, 16c, 25c
CHORE MEN AND BOYS.
57 men and boys for chores, $15, $20, $25, $30
and found.
2 coachmen. 2 gardeners. $40 and found.
DAIRYMEN.
2ft milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$35 $40 and founds
FREE TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
120 experienced woodsmen, millmen, from
piling lumber to manager of mil's and
woods, $:{5, $40, $50. $tO, $70, $&0, $90,
$125 month and found: come and see us.
STABLEMEN.
20 etabiemen different jobs. $35 and found
to 160. $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. .
A— GREAT POWER COMPANY.
FREE FARE.
BOTH WAYS.
25 laborers, water dam. $67 50.
Steady Job year round; boss at our office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C3B Clay st.
COOKS. COOKS. COOKS.
45 cooks, different places. $90, $75, $50, $10
and found.
WAITEIiS. WAITERS. WAITERS.
26 waiters, different places, $45. $40. $30.
125 and found.
DISHWASHERS, PORTERS. BEDMAKERS
36 dishwashers, different jobs. $35. $30, $25
$20 and found.
LAUNDRYMEN. BELLBOYS.
38 laundry, all classes. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Bell and elevator boys, different jobs, $15.
$20 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
j 12 hay balers, 20c, 16c, 15c ton.
! 3 teamsters, haul hay, fare $1 30; $1 50 day
and found.
3 farmers for a home ranch, steady Job year
round. No. 1 Job, $30 and found, fare $1.
Milker. 25 cows, ; fare *S. $4<t and found.
COACHMAN. ETC.
Coachman, city, $30 to $35 and found.
Pilv&tc family choreman. fare $1. $30 found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
If you can eat fruit, you can pick fruit.
?S MEN AND BOYS
To pick fruit, work In packing and dry
houses, yards, unload and load fruits, etc.,
$26 and found.
BRICKLAYERS. ETC.
: 2 bricklayers, $5 a day. helper, usual wages.
LOOK.
Bricksetter. brick yard, fare $1, $2 50 \ day.
Hand sander. brick yard, fare $1, *2 a lay.
4 mattress makers, not far away.
2 box nailers, factory, city. $2 a day.
Handy man with tools, ranch, fare 50a,
boss here, steady Job. $30 and found.
2 boys, city, factory. $5 a week.
Young man. keep time cl men, city, $20.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, all-round man, fare $1, $35 found.
Man and wife, chicken ranch, fare $1, $45 fd.
MURRAY & READY". 634-636 Clay St.
INSTITUTION TOGETHER-
Fireman. ?2t; nurse. $20; 3 orderlies, $25
found.
MURRAY & READY. 6TS4-C36 Clay st.
_____
Cook, ranch, fare $1. $30 month found.
STABLES.
2 hostlers. $00, city; carriage washer and
driver $50 pnd found.
FREE FARE TO
TUNNELS. TUNNELS. TUNNELS.
G5 tunne! men. free fare. $67 50/
'\u25a0"> drillers and hammers men free fare,
$C 7 00 '
125 laborers or muckers. $60.
04 tunnel - men, are you one. $2 50 to $2 75
cay.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
16 rough carpenters, fare $1. $3 to $3 50 day.
6 carpenters, city job. build barns, etc., $3 50
day.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
14 rcorr carpenters to build hop dryers,
sheds warehouses, etc.. No. 1 Job, fare $3 50.
$105. '
6 carpenters, company work, fare 50c. $90.
12 lumber car builders, fare *.1, $90.
M thinglers, straight roofs, walls, 75c M.
Shingle packer, south. $50 and found.
Blacksmith, country clubhouse. $40 found.
Blackemith. lumber company, boss here,
SCO and found.
SHIP CARPENTERS.
25 eh!p carpenttrs, free fare, $4 a day.
NEVADA STATE.
19 carpenters, plain Government work: ham-
mer an<l hatchet men win do; $105 month.
12 rough carpenters. Placer County, J9O.
Carpenter, mine, fare $3, $3 50 day.
r> cai-pcnters. construction work, factory, $105
month: fare $1 40. ,
5 rough carpenters, hammer and hatchet
men, city. $2 50 day.
Carpenters, rough work, mine, fare $3 50,
south. S3 50 day.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR «ale, at once. 2-passenger O'Brien park
or speeding runabout; steel tire, will wear
like whalebone; also 10-raile-an-bour roal-
ster, young. C. J. FIELD, 130 Ellis St.. Ra-
mona Hotel. -
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and harness. LEIBOLD HARNESS CO..
211 Larkln st.. San Francisco. .
SECOND-HAND, 2-seated Frarier cart; panel
top wagon. O'Brien & Son Bike Buggy and
Rubber Tire Co.. 500 Golden Gate aye.
I FOR sale at 1375 Eddy st. — Black saddle horse,"
saddle and bridle, cheap. - \u25a0
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth tt.
LIGHT delivery wagon for sale cheap. 1100
McAllister.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LJET.
A PRINTED list of house* to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN & CO.. 20 Montgmy.
FIVE sunny rooms aad bath; all modern im-
provements; rent $20. 212^ Fourteenth at..
near Howard.
BROADWAY, 1932, near Laguna — 8 rooms.
bath, laundry; fine marine view; $40.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
BARGAIN — Nice rooming-house; choice loca-
tion; netting $130 monthly; principal. Box
9004. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BUSH. 2623 — Sunny cottage of 5 rooms and
bath ; large sunny yard ; rent $22 50.
«. —^ —_^— »— i — . —
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Masonic thirty-second degree ring; dou-
ble eagles set in diamond; engraved on in-
side "Edward E. Drake, anointed June, 1903;
Virtue unites what death cannot separate."
Suitable reward paid for return to 86 First.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CLIFFORD A. ONTHANK. No.
. 284-1050. The finder will please return to
bank. ,- \u25a0 , v \u25a0 -*\u25a0
$50 REWARD for one white and black spot-
ted hound, lost June 6, between Cloverdale
and Boonville. "G. W. M." tattooed in one
ear. Address SID GOSHONG. Cloverdale.
Cal. \u25a0
LOST — Red cocker spaniel dog with white
breast; answers to the name -of "Punch."
F"inder please re-turn to 2215 Pacific aye. and
' receive reward.' . :
LOST— Ladles' gold watch; near ferry build-
ing; word Denver on fob. Return to MISS
BARNES, room 401, Wells-Fargo building
and receive reward.' i . . '
LOST— On Sansome St.. bet. California and
. Clay, " a set of drawings. Return same to
Cox Seed Co.. 411 Sansome "st.. and receive
?5 reward. ' *....."
LOST— A passbook with the. Hibernia Savings
. and Loan Society of San " Francisco in the
name of GIOVANNI ROSSI, No. 107-572.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Ladles' brown hand purse; on 1. o'clock
Key route from city. Return to 3018 Harper
st., Berkeley; reward.
LOST — Handbag, on sth, bet. Mission and Mar-
y ket, with glasses. 419 Natoma st. ; reward.
LOST— lsabella fox etole at Tlvoli Sunday
.--; night. Return to Grand Hotel office; reward.
LOST — Bunch of 7 keys on the 4th; $3 reward.
323 1 Broad way. , \ '
LOST — Violet breastpin, diamond center; sult-
, able reward. "Casa-Loma," 901 Pine st.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A McNEILL LAUNCH CO.! foot of Clay
. St.. for pleasure and business; teL Buah 534.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. -
BEST renting stock In the city; good uprights
rat $2 per mo.; some at $2 50; our own make
i $3; one year's ' rental allowed off. purchase
price. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes Et.
: A LARGE I stock : of standard pianos -all more
. or less used: prices - $65 1 up. BENJAMIN
. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. ; Chlcker-
v" tag agency.' ' - .-\u25a0\u25a0
MAHOGANY. 1 upright, parlor grand piano;
good as. new; mu»t be sold this week. 554
. Valencia. -
HELP WANTED— MALE — Continued^
Bench hand, plantng-miH, north, $3 50 day.
GRADERS. L. CO.
2 lumber graders, fare S3,' north, $3 day.
ENGINEER— CEMENT FINISHER.
Gasoline engineer, run email schooner, $60
and found.
Cement finisher, fare $1; boes here.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, man section laborer, wlfo
cook for men; fare $3: $56 and found.
LOOK.
Cook, ranch; fare: Sonoma County; $40 fd.
Baker. Newark. $12 week.
Third baker. b«nch hand, $30 and found.
LOOK.
20 woodchoppers, mine company, $1 50 cord.
12 laborers for quarry, rare $1 30, $1 60 day
and found. >
2 young men, work city front warehouse,
$2 day.
Young man drive milk wagon, fare 30c. $25
and found. V ;
Choreman. 2 cows. 3 horses; private family;
$2o and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK.
2 cutoff sawyers. $2 6Q to $2 75 day.
Timber falier. No. 1 lumber company. $65
and found.
Lumber piler and graders, fare $3. $45 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES CITY.
FARE $5.
155 teamsters. $2 to $2 25 day.
155 laborers, 8 hours' work, $1 75 to $2 day.
Board Themselves in Hotels.
FOR WOODEN BRIDGE WORK.
65 men to help on wooden bridges, $2 50 day.
SECTION R. R. WORK.
155 FOREIGNERS, $1 30 day; houses and
water furnished; board themselves.
, LOOK.
66 laborers, shovel work, $1 75 to $2 day.
LOS ANGELES CITY.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
SHIP" CARPENTERS. —
I. BRIDGE CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS BUILD BOATS.
CARPENTERS BUILD DREDGERS."
ALL FREE FARE.
$4 Day WAGES $1 Day
GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
Call early and see him; steady jobs year
round. *
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FREE FARE— TONOPAH R. R.— NEVADA.
Teamsters: call early; free fare; $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
postofflce, custom-house, bookkeeper and other
government positions; particulars free. Pa-
cific Correspondence Institute, 110951 1095 Market.
WANTED — First-class retail salesman; must
furnish good reference as to honesty, bo-
briety and ability; salary and commission.
Box eoiO. Call office.
SECOND baker on cakes cm have position;
$17 week; also young man for porter. James
Flood building, room 318. • ;"\u25a0 .
PORTER w-anted. with some experience as
packer. Apply Superintendent's office. The
Emporium. \u25a0 ..' \u25a0 . \u25a0 " > -:'y. -\u25a0
MEN to ' learn barber trade in 8 weeks: sit.
guar.; tuition earned while learning. Holer's
System of Colleges. 642-544 Clay st. -
MEN to learn barber trade: situations guaran-
teed. S. F. Barber College. 741 Howard st.
BEDMAKER. Hunter House. . 681 Howard ", st.
ERRAND boy. about 15, to learn drug busl-
neFS. 417 Sansome. «t. . \u25a0•-..-• .'\u25a0'\u25a0-:
GOOD waiter wanted. 677 Mission' st.
SIX , good trunkmakers. American Box and
Trunk Factory. 825 Brannan »t.
WANTED — Sober and willing . helper behind
bar counter. 29 Stockton et.
BOY wanted to learn cake caking. 2129 Mis-
sion st. - . : -. .
BOOTBLACK wanted. Call at 402 Sacramento
street. . . \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0'• ' :...'-.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 4073 ' Eighteenth St.,
near Castro : good wages. • .
DISHWASHER wanted. , 496 Eighth st.
YOUNG man to clean clothes. 638 Post «t. <\u25a0
j ; MISCELJ AXEOUS— F<ffl SALC-^O»k,j
MILES of pipe and ftttinss. all sizes, cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS. IC9 Val'.ejo St.
A VERY fine 25-stone lady's <i:amcnd studded
locket at a bargain. 10 Sixth st.
TWO rr.erry-50-roumis- ore miniature railway.
[ BACIGALUPI, y.5 Kearny st.
HIGH grade 2d-hand offlce saf* and wacoa
scale. PARCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES— Ne^» and seccn.i-hand. THE HER-
MANN- SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento gt.
2D-HAND bid?, material; lumber, door. ta?h.
plumb, material. The Doian Co.. 1607 Market.
' MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post su
MISCELLANEOUS WA-VTS.
AAAAA — Highest price* for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davi3 325. 630 Sacramento.
WILL pay highest prices for all kinds good
castoff clothing. 9"^2 Folsom: teL Jessie 44H.
DIAMOND?, etc., bought ror cash. Karl Cbtr
& Co., 4CO-401 Adams bldg.. 20*1 Kearny st.
BUILDINGS and building material bought. The
Dolan Co.. ltk»7 Market St.; phone Jessie 2921.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of Anatomy
moved to 1023 Market St.. near Sixth.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
SMALL store or part of store with window;
centrally located for retail; on Market nr
close to Market .«t. Address at once, !>tt>
Linden St.. Oakland, stating rent.
TWO new. light stores 2SxB<>. fine basement:
best block on Devlsadero St.. bet. Oak and
Page; reasonable rent. Apply on premises.
VAN NESS aye.. 31— Large, front suite with
runniny water; suitable for doctor or dentut.
OFFICES AND STORES WANTED.
DESK room desired in large office building ia
exchange for stenography. Box 8344. Call.
PERSONALS.
• • "BE SURE YOU READ" • •
• • IN LAST "SUNDAY;? ' CALL • •
"REXRADIO'S" LONG LIST of patient*
(with ADDRESSES) "successfully" treated
for total DEAFNESS. NEURALGIA. PA-
RALYSIS. CANCER. LAMENESS. DEAF-
MUTEISM. RHEUMATISM. SCIATICA, and
"INTERVIEW" them and BE "CON-
VINCED" there is HOPE FOR "YOU."
"R-E-X-R-A-D-l-O " (last week) quickly ma.is
my 25 years* totally d?af ear hear at a dis-
tance; 12 specialists ha 1 declares me incur-
able, but Rexradfo routed my deafness in
short order. Olsaon. 23 Steuart st.
"RELXRADIO'S" (first) treatment Instantly,
completely cured my agonizing neuralgia. —
• • "Proprietor." New Arlington Hotel. • •
"REXRADIO'S" one treatment enabled me to
uae and raise PARALYZED arm naturally.
Broker. Otflce 60S Adams buiIding-
"REXRADIO" Instantly made my totally
deaf ear hear a WHISPER. Mr. Robinson.
2tt» Kearny.
"REXRADIO." th« world's ONLY and phe-
nomenal h'd RADIUM healer; hours 2 to *.
509 Kearny. suite 2. etc. «
A — SUPERFLUOCS hair permanently removed
without pain or scar by th» electric needle,
the only positive means: removal of facial
warts, moles aad pimples by special new
French method; trial treatment free: expert
operators: half New York -prices; hours 10 to
3. Dr. E. C. BI'RTZER. 210 Potvell St.. cor.
O'Farrell. room 24; take elevator.
MERVEILLEAUX.
Superfluous hair permanently removed by
my newest Parisian remedy. I prepare a
scientific treatment /cr each individual case
specially: no electric needl*. no injury to th«
skin, no pain, no acids.
MERVEILLEAUX CO.,
P. O. Bex 22u4» San Francisco.
LADIES, attention — Two competent ladie*.
pupils of Delsane and Mme. Priest, will
take a limited number of ladies, wishing to
reduce tlwlr superfluous flesh; full informa-
tion. Call 1225 Geary St.. first floor, or
phone E^st 4451.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
ch»nilie-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer in>
carpet twin*. In hark or chain, at !ow*st
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, over-
t-oats an dtrousers at CHARLES LYONS'
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
STAR hair remedy, tonic, restores color, cures
dandruff, stops falling; druggists, hairdess-
•rs. Star Remedy Co.. 821 Polk st.
NOTHING down. $1 a. week to- keep well
dressed. Peerless Tailoring Co.. 231 Post st.
S BRAND new tailor-made .men's suit*, cost
$25. fcr $9 75. 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel.
; 50 ASSORTED souvenir postal cards prepaid
snc. BACIGALUPI. 7<C Mission st.
$1 A WEEK: suits to order $15 up. LEMOB.
1127 Market st.. between Seventh & Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books.^wiKs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
REMOVAL — The Goldea West Broom Factory
has moved from 630 Clay st. to 723 urns
street, above Kearny.
PHYSICIANS AAD SURGEONS.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 6*57 Geary st.. near Leavenworta.
WONG WOO. the famcus herb doctor — AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 713-3 Clay at
PILES CURED.
PILES. FISTULA, etc. — Cured to stay cured:
only humane cure; no knife, danger or hind-
rance to business: 7000 cured: why not yoa?
no calve proposition: investigate. THOMAS
J. KISNER. M. D.. Columbian bldg.. 3. Y.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreira:
patent law. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market at.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for miscellaneous supplies for
J construction and repairs — Depot Quartermas-
ter's office. Z<J New Montgomery at.. Saa
Francisco. Cal- Auzust 10. 190&. Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, subject to the usual
conditions. wiH be received at this ofSco
until 5 o'clock d. m. Friday. August 23,
1905. Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing nardwar*. muriatic add. paint
brushes, carbolineum, cbeeae cloth, panes of
glasd, glue, linseed oil. paints, putty, rests,
solder, steel sheets. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
all bids cr any part thereof. Information
and blank proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
to be marked: "Proposal No. 6253, to be
opened August 23. 1903," and address«d to
MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Qr. Mr.. C. 3. A..
Depot Quartermaster.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; faraltur*,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 16L
UNION Square Transfer and Storage Co.. 6Ot
Van Ness aye. I'hcne East 448. Storage,
moving, packing; cut rates on frsieht.
CONKLIN'S storage: furniture and merchan-
dise; Golden Gate &. Larkln; phone East 12S.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phon* Jackson 2&1.
PIERCE — RODOLPH— Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Fillmore; teL West S2B.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
gt. ; tel. Main 134<X Shipping at cat rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
EXPERIENCED salesmen ana canvassers can
find good positions at the White Sewing Ma-
chine Company's offices. 815 Market st.. lsdS
Fillmore st.. San Francisco, and 470 Thir-
teenth St.. Oakland.
DOMESTIC— The machine tor family use; best
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near sixth. -
ALL kinds second-hand. $3 $3. *8: slightly
used, $10. $13 and $20. « You know where
do Ila swing in the window. 1031 Market st.
STEAM LAUNDRIES.
LAUNDRY of kinds only union help: prices,
rooming-houses sheets and slips. 20c do*. ;
towels, each. Tel SMITH. Howard 4011.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice^ — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.. Giant Station, Cal. — A diridend
No. SO. of fifty cents per share oa the issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
dared payable at the San Francisco offlcs
of the company, roorm 202/2C4 and 206 Kohl
building, on August 10. 1908; transfer books
close August 3. 1905,. at noon. C"C QUINN.
Secretary. •
Continued oa , i'»ss 14
HELP WAXTED- FEW ALE— Contlnoed 1
COOK, r.o washing, city .siO i
B cocks, 'lr:!e waiting fck>. «.;»
Cock. 19 adults, no weshJr.E ?iu
Cock, Keisryvilie, resort, law her*. $30
Cook and t-ecend «irl. same house. Oakland..
„ *3u. f CO
Housework. 5 adult*, no washing, country. s.W
wi-ra-jin nuis>-gLrl. city $30
Ntirfce. 1 child, hotel, sletp home $20
8 wa-.tresses. city aa3 country hotels $25
4 accend girls, city $20. *23
3 nurscgiris. city and, Berkeley. .J2O *nd *2j
Wilur and wife, country institution $50
Frt-ncb, second girl " $23
2 charab^rrnaiis $20
Seiirstrcxs ror orphanage f2O
Kluhea heijwr. Oakland ?25
Lauacircts, tor orphanage f 2O
A large r.uir.ber of general housework girls,
city and country .$2O. $25. $:i0
Arr'.y to j. f. crosutt & CO.. s.u gutttr st.
\u25a0GIHLS to learn k&irtiressing. manicuring, mas-
. «tte, *>tc. from A to Z in 1 mo. tor (5 to
".J. 'tc «cteriug now; 7 positions to fill guaran-
tet-d at til* j^er wctk up; day and evening
class. College. 234 I'o« tt-. room 17, 2d floor. •
VVANTKD— GirIs to lee.m miihricry t°? fall: 2
»• cs- ».t- frcs start to finish in 1 mo. for Jl3;
positions fTiaranteod $12 per tvtek up; ltarn
now for Aug. positions. Schoc-1.234 Post, r. lt».
EPEND a peasant vacation picking hops at
Hoplani on thf- Russian River; special R. R.
rates; good camping ground and water; lists
now cr*n. Apply to the American Hop and
Bariey Co.. 227 California gt. *:.-; :,
WANTED — Fancy ironcr on ladle*' clothes for
two or three days every week. Gorman Hos-
pital, ccrner Fourteenth and Noe sts.
WANTED — Neat, competent girl for house-
work and cooking in email flat; adults. 1776
Poet st.
WANTED — Two ircners: girls or men; ray
«roo<! wa^es. FAVORITE LAUNDRY. 2122
miznora st. i • '.
AA — IROXERS en ladies' and children's m-ear.
656 Mission et~. third floor.
APPRENTICES to put on p'.ove fasteners;
steady. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second.
A GIRL to &£sist in housework and cocking.
K2l Larkln st.
WANTED — A refined girl to assist with second
wcrk cad sewir.g. 1124 Gough st.
AN esjcyab't!. profitable outing; pick hopa in
August; special rate tickets now ready:
ecmf «>arly as only a limited number can
be sold. E. CLEMENS HORgT CO.. 122
Battery rt.
WANTED — Lady solicitors to sell watches,
<JiamoE"i* and J»welry on installment plan;
$10 to $15 per day easily made. Call rooms
15 and IW. 7S& Market st. \u25a0
LADIES. ears aboct 10c per hour doing fancy
wcrk borne during spare time; c-asy. rapid
and fascinating. Call 9 to 5,- 1344 Market
St.. opposite Seventh.
SEWING machine cr*rators on overalls; no
experfer.ee necessary. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., Fremont et. MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — A tailoress. 112 Sutter st
OIKL war.t<"3 fcr car.dy ctorc. 4^3 Haight st.
YOUNG girl: help with baby; light housework.
ISIS Lycr,« st.. near Sacramento.
•WANTED— Women and girls at CODE PORT-
WOOO CANNING CO.. ICth and Bryant gts.
NURSEGIRL wanted. 2123 Buchanan rt.
IJ \ltlii;it l - — Employment and Supplies.
BARBER chops, city and country; have several
sr-auiries for fair paying tnojis; only those
that can stand inv<-stiga::cn aiay apply to
I>. STOLTZ. 723 Market ft. -
514(>__TWO-CHAIR shop for ssie in the Mis-
ficn at sacrifice: must b? sold at once.
OoL"MAN. ni James Flood building.
F>~>R F&ie— l -chair barber shop: country town;
doing g-ood business; very cheap. For par-
ticulars v.-rite !>•>> Minna st.
ONK-CHAIIt barber shop fcr sa!e: average ln-
cerr.e $»5 I*r month. A. HOPTNER, Au-
lum. Cal-
FAffFCT Bbop. 2019 Fclscm st.: 3 hydraulic
chairs; combination wcrk stand: for sale
ch<-ar>.
BARBERS' •rmricyrr.ent secretary. Barbers'
Prcttrctiv l.'nicn. 124 Montgomery aye.
BARBER shop Jor sale, cheap. 1113 A Folsom
Ml ret.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT H«RL> * fMITH ?, 7« Mlr^lON PT..
NEAR THIRI>. htxl «6 WAHINGTON
ST.. NEAR KEARNY.
NEVADA— WE SHIP TO-DAY.
Ormpfcny wort, track laying, etc.
Lat>cr<rrs. $2 to $2 25 — Go To- Day.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
\u25a0WESTERN PACIFIC— WESTERN PACIFIC.
WE SHIP TO-DAY.
Rockmea, $2 «0. Rockmen. $2 50.
Western Pacific, the new railroad.
TunnelniM. $2 25 and *2 50.
Muckers, $2 and $2 25.
RAILROAD WORK— GO TO-DAY.
Tur.nelinen. $2 50. Tunnelmen, $2 50.
\u25a0 Teamsters, wagon, eteady. $2 25.
Laborer*. Oakland, ?2.
Oakland laborers, $2: beard $4 50.
L&bcrers, Government work, $2 25.
PAINTERS— PAINTER?.
Railroad Company Work.
Painters — Painters, $3 25.
GO TO-DAY— BOSS HEREX
k ~erj>ent«rs $3 — North.
•k- "arpenters, $3 50: fare $6.
Eeraemtx-T Free Fare to Nevada To-Day.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY.
635 TV ashingtor. et. Phone James &>Ol.
TONOPAH R, R.
FREE FARB— FREE FARE.
C&rson ar.d Tonopah at the lakes, near To-
nopaa; Iree fare: $67 60; new Job.
FREE FARE.
Laborers. $60, boss her*, ship to-day.
50 DRILLERS.
50 drillers, open cut. Alameda Co., build
road to mines, $CT &0. fare $1 25.
2 ein^le-fcanil miners, $2 cay. for Eisldyou
County.
Laborers, large rein*, south, $40 found.
NEW ELECTRIC R. R.
Butte Cour.ty, teamsters, $75. 10 months'
Job; teamsters, 15c fsre. J67 50, long Job;
laborers. 15c fare. SCO: blacksmith, camp.
JSO. good company, cheap fare; lumber
handier*, boes fcer«. $~5 found; lumber pliers
and handlers, north, $T5 : section hands. $©>, j
steady work; trimmer, Mendocino Ccunty, 1
$40 foun2; laborers, $37 found; laborers. Men- I
•doclno aad Sha«a counties. $75. 2 yea's' |
Job, fare reucded; cook. $W>. wife In ran- :
trr $25 ar.d found, small hotel, free fare,
Nevada. f*« $1. PACIFIC CONTRACTORS-
EMPLOYMENT AOENCr. €35 Washington
rt- ; phone James 3301. \u25a0'.\u25a0*.•••'.\u25a0:
A — AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
612 COMMERCIAL ST. PHONE BUSH 533.
6 CARPENTERS, 60c fare. $ICS; 10 CAR-
PENTERS, GOLD DKEDOER. JITS; 5 CAK-
• PESTERS, Al JOB, near city. $3 50; 2 CAR-
PENTERS. $4; 5 LABORERS, help carpen-
ters. $50- and found; 5 laborers. SHIPYARD
$S0- 1& LABORERS. ELECTRIC CO.. It's
rood. FREE FARE; 25 laborers. ?CO, steady; 1
FARMER and WIFE. $00 and found. $1
fare- 10 men to boe beans; FIREMAN.
fire<lg»r. $40 und found: 0325 other jobs.
NORTH — Fare ref undefi ; no disccunt; 25
laborers, company work, $45 to $K> and. fJ.
DONKEY engineer. $50 and board; casoline
enpine^r, for launch. $C 0 and board; hock
tender, $10 and board; creamery man, $75;
tlackFmtth snd shoer, $3 day: choreman for
resort. $30 and board; carpenters, $3 50 day:
woodchoppers for mine; rarmers. milkers and
ether*. J. F. CROEETT & CO.. C2S Sac-
\u25ba rameato gt.
COOK, for *t«im«r. $75. ar.d second cook. $50;
reetarrant cock. $12 w«t-k: hotel cook, coun-
* try«sso; waiter and wife. $50: 2 waiters
I for steamer. 2 pcrtrr*. dt*hwnKhers and oth-
irs. J. F. CICOSETT & CO.. «£ Sacramento.
N'URE'S otfice. 517 Stockton st. — Cook,
chnphouse. ?14 week: <*isbwashers. $6. $7
ftT><J,sS week: potwasher. club. $30: pot wash-
er, hotel. $30; your.g mar. to drive delivery j
witrciu f" werk; driver, express wapon. $2S J
and found: marrU-d sarderor. $-"/0. etc. I
A^H boj-s war.ted; 14 ycers of asre and must
•*- e*er.t ape and seh^o! certificate* when ap-
plying at Superintendent's office. The Empo-
rium.
'ANTED — Ciothir.g salesman; must be Al
ssicsmar. : steady i>o»:tion for right man. Ap-
ply puper^riten£e£nE^j}ffice ; _jr^
E j>EVD a pleasant vacation picking hops at
IHonlanfl on the Russian River: erwclal H. R.
ratfts: go«s cemping ground an<J water: lists
',ov open, f Apply to the American Hop and
Barley Co.. 227 California tt. ,
W \NTEP — Men and wcmei to prepare for po-
KiUor.* in new {jestofflce; cWks and carrierc;
escilent opportunities. Free particular*.,
Pscific Correspondence Institute. 1095 "Mar-
fcet tt. -''-"\u25a0 \u25a0''
WANTED — Firemen and coal passers: S. S.
Arnmon. tailing for Hamburg. Apply on
V>r,ard Immediately. i;nion-?t. wharf.
ERRAND boy for law office: answer in .own
handwrSUns, statins a<r^. citxrier.ee and
faljrry expected. Box «>72. Call office.
t : __zi ' "
CYLINDER press feeder. "520 Market et.
CA T UFT layer wan tod; young man; steady
wwtlcn- Box 9009. Call office. I
MCSICAi; iySTRUMEyTS---Contli»c<«l.
ALMOST given away: unredeemed storage pi-
anos. furn. Whltehead's storage. IKltt Mkt.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30s-ai^ Post st.
NEW, upright pianos sold on {5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister at.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand.
Shonlnger little used. Keefle'B.'2Ss OFarreli.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
AXY. AMOUNT TO LOAN....
...INTEREST by, AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN "AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, l::e insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bends,
legacies. and undivided interests in property
purchased. -
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
R. McCOLGAN.
Rooms 301 and 302 Hearst building. \u25a0
Third floor. Examiner entrance.
Deal directly with lender and save expense.
Loans any amount at 5H and 6 per cent
On first, second and third mortgages.
REAL ESTATE IN PROBATE.
Undivided interests in estate and property.
Money advanced to prevent foreclosure.
NO DELAY.
Phone Main 5516.
AA— MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture, pianos, warehouse receipts ' or
security of any kind, without removal; we
make loans on the EASIEST PLAN in the
WORLD; payments to SUIT YOUR CON-
VENIENCE; in case of^ICKNESS or loss of
EMPLOYMENT we EXTEND THE LOANS;
you take no chance of LOSING your GOODS.-
This is a TRUST COMPANY; our rates are
RIGHT and no DESERVING PERSON is re-
- fused: CASH ADVANCES made to salaried
people. LINCOLN FINANCE CO.. rocms 13-
16. 759 Market st., opp. Phelan building.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by 'dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages,- undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN -MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Ist. 2d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
- of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
t»7B Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 119--'
Market st. and 27 Third tt.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without security
or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments ; large business In 40
- principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
rates: no commission; confidential. 50tt-7
Donohue bldg.. 8 Taylor St.. corner Market-
MONEY loaned on collateral and can be paid
in email weekly or monthly installments at
low rates of interest. RALPH & ED.. 1«
Powell St., upstairs.
A — Lowest rates on real estate, Ist or 2d mort-
gages life Insurance, or on any security ;any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 38 Geary, room 36.
ORIGINAL Uncle BUI— If you look for lowest
rate of Interest and square deal. Old Flood
bid.. SOO Market.cor. 4th. suite 1; est. IS6S.
ALVA CO. »The) loans money to salaried people
without security; good terms and easy pay-
ments; also on other security. £07 Flood biJs.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold,
\u25a0silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'3, 10 Sixth st.
LOANS on diamonds, watches and Jewelry;
private offices. . 400-401 Adams building. 206
Kearny st. Globe Mercantile and Loan Co.
SALARIED people without security: also on
furn.. estates in probate.. life Ins. policies, etc.
Empire Loan & Invest Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
WE loan on property 65 to >o per cent on valu-
ation. If you need money se« us.
- - McGARVIE'& CO.. 720 Market gt.
MONEY, Money, Money.
Any proposition. 49 2d St., Wells-Fargo Ex-
press bldg. Wage Earners' Invt. & Loan Co.
A — ONE per cent per month on valuables.
PORTLAND JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
ANY .amount. r£al estate or other security;
$100 up. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS — Salaried people: "confidential"; 2 per
cent: chattels, etc. 456 Montgomery, r. 51S.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you s«?e
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st-, rooms 14 and 15.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O*DONNELLr-Ladies, all who are
sick or in trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected: th«
unfortunate helped; the most difficult ca?es
treated; every cat-:; taken; immediate relief;
no poisoning drugs; low fees: my methods
will cure all cases of Irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. Office
1018 Market et. ; hours & a. ra. till 0 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
. guaranteed: 30 years' •experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male \u25a0 troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief-guaranteed. Office hours 9 to 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1008 14 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
VALPEAtTS female pills: best regulating pills
sold: price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
en rtceipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
WOMEN'S diseases and Irregularities cured in
24 hours; 19 years* experience without a fail-
\u25a0 ure: no trifling; strictly privata; elite patron-
age only. Dr. Sylvester's office. 1206 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment; reliable,
safe, prompt, for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-8. $50 Mkt. St., suite 37
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.,
bet. Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE9 and Hlndo Herbs;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
Twenty-sixth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
. MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
SECOND-HAND water pipes that will atand
pressure in lengths ot rrom 12 to 2t> feet,
with all couplings (new) and recut threads,
covered with paralflne paint, ready to use.
1 in.. 3%c ft.; 1% in., tic ft.; 2 in., Sc ft.
2& In., 10c ft.; 3 In., 12fcc ft.. 3% in.. 15e ft.
4 In., l»c per. ft.; 5 in., 24c ft.; 6 in.. 30c ft.
To avoid unnecessary correspondence we
will say that this is all right, and guaran-
teed; send money by Weils, Fargo & Co.'a
Express or mail order.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY COMPANY.
Office. 130 Beale st, S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pulleys, shaltlcg. etc.. ctt.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged : see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITS MACHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines,' 2d-hand machinery.. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont «t.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tablet; easy payments; we rent tables
wltn privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, 625 Mission St., S. F.
LARGEST stock in city; second-hand belting,
also planing-mlll machinery, engines, boilers
and electrical machinery. JOHNSON &
HORAN. 602 Third st.
ALL kinds of second-hand machinery, boilers,
engines, shafting - and pulleys bought and
sold. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 905 Market st.:
phone. South S7. ... ,
A — BUTS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
. gines, boilers.' water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 336, Main st.
A — GENTS full . dress usuits to rent. J.
COOPER. 21 Stockton St.. second floor.
CALL route for sale. 'Inquire Call office. \u25a0
$200— FOOT roll > top desks for sale, cheap at
factory. 510 Fifth st. ... -;\u25a0....
SCHOOL - books bought and exchanged.
KING'S Old Book Star*. 61 !_*_•!•• — .
HELP WANTED — MALE—Continued.
WANTED— Manager and buyer for linens and
domestics: must be thoroughly experienced, a
good executive and familiar with modern
store methods. The Emporium, San Fran-
clsco.
"WANTED — Manager and buyer for wash
goods department; must have department
etore experience a good executive and fami-
liar with modern store methods. The Empo-
rlum. San Francisco.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting: $80
to $160 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools Indorsed by all railroads; day
and evening session ; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrtll st.
AN enjoyable, profitable outing: pick hops in
August: special rate tickets now ready;
come early as only a limited number can be
sold. E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED — Solicitors to sell watches, dia-
monds and Jewelry on Installment plan; $10
to $15 easily made. Call rooms 15 and 16.
759 Market «t.
MEN to learn the barber trade; 8 weeks com-
pletes; positions guaranteed; wages earned
while learning: call or write. Glllman's Bar-
ber College. 627 Clay St.. near Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed "Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third et.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
BOYS' and children's clothing salesmen/Want-
ed; men with experience only. Apply early
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Installment collector for merchan-
dise accounts; good salary and expenses. Ad-
dress GLOBE CO.. 723 Chestnut. • Phila. Pa.
WANTED^-First-class bench hands; good po-
sitions for reliable men. THEO. VEYHLE.
547 Brannan st.
WANTED — Good fraternal insurance eolicltdr I
for Oakland; a resident preferred; references. :
Box 7830. Call office. • --,
"WANTED — Pupils to learn cutting and design-
ing of men's garments. School of Practical
cutting. 916 Market st.. room 69. i
WANTED — Men to fill SOO rooms . at 20c per
night; clothes closets." hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. Sd.
OFFICE boy for nice business: must be bright
and active; references. Box 8071, Call.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
New York. THOS. MURRAY, 510 Davis st.
WANTED— Good railroad telegraph operators.
Apply 223 Powell St.. room 1.
SAILORS ordinary seamen, for Sound, south
coast. New York. Europe. Lane's. 604 Davis.
FIRST-CLASS merchant tailor's cutter want-
ed. Apply box 80*4. Call otflce.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullia, r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
MEN to go on ships to Australian and other
ports. At HERMAN'S.: 27 'Steuart st.
MEN wanted 'at 105 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; 6ewed soles 10 mm., 75c
LABOR debts collected; milts, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 49 2d Bt..r. 822.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 617 Jackson st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. nr.- Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free bus, and baggage to and from ferry. >- :
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call brunch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the r*cep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions . has
been : oi>ened at 1008 Market st., ooposite
Fifth. Open; until 11 P. m.
SALESMEN WANTED. \u25a0\u25a0
WANTED— Salesmen to sell KINLOCH
\u25a0 HOUSE PAINT and F. T. A., ROOF &
IRON PAINT to stores; experience unneces-
sary- excellent elde lines; no samples. Pa-
cific . Distributing Co., 316 Sacramento sW
San; Francisco. Cal. \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-'* \u25a0: --\u25a0--\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0>
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SOLICITORS. V __"! . /'.' - ;
ENERGETIC ' young men ': of • good address 'to
• Introduce first-class proposition; liberal com-
: mission. Apply 628-629 Starr King, building;
' 10 to 12 m. \u25a0-\u25a0--•' •\u25a0-. ' \u25a0••-.\u25a0-•\u25a0 .-;[
INVALID CHAIRS. . j
BOLD, rented, I exchanged; manufacturer of the
Eomes tricycle chair. 2018 M.kt_ ; teLPark 776.
£ 7O*ID& "S_^ "E3* TO OUR _^_& "E* 13*
|l;lxl_»__/ Small Ad Patrons JT X\._>Hf
j _ .
I This Handled Olive Dish is five inches across the bowl, with handle
an inch and a half extended from body. The pattern is the most popular
used in any of the Near Cut Glass ware, and the general effect is highly
pleasing, the quality of the glass being unusually clear and deep cut.
I Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
SSL™ SUNDAY CALL
I No Ads for Sunday Call Received Later Than 9 O'clock Saturday Night*
1 CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Sts. 1016 Droadw&yAs the result of , a sad experience with;
reckless chauffeurs, the owner of a dw?ll-4
ing at the corner', of two streets'hv
Baslngstoke. England, has put. upon It a
placard, reading: "Motor. car drivers are
requested to leave this house wher« it
Ij." -
S 1
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Catherine 1 1. i C Brien . to \u25a0 Joseph Cabana, lot
on S line of O'Farrell street, 115 W of Stein
er,^W,22:6 by S 92:6: $10.%, \u25a0\u25a0;: . :
Mary \u25a0 L." and :; Charles ~P. Troy to Johanna
M. and \u25a0; Kar** 'O. - Wagner, lot on W, lino
Cuneo & Costa Company to B. Cademartori.
lot-on NWicorner of "Green and Franklin
streets, \W 98:2 by: N' l3o; $10.
J John W. and Sarah A. Flinn to Katherine
and 'Eliza .M.. Macdonald, . lot ; on"N line of
Eddy street. 137:6 E of Laguna, E 42:6 by N
l20;::io.- ; . .; : - \u25a0":\u25a0" :-; : '"-;:.r . ;-; . \u25a0 _. ,'.-: .
Wiilard A:, and Rose F. Wayman to Mariana
M.- Roca (wife of : Ramon), lot on N line of
\u25a0Vallejo street, 172:0 W. of Buchanan, W4O by
N 137:6; $10. V " - ; . :
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 0.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales en the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
9:30 a. m. Session.
10C0 Blue Bull ... 10 soo Mexican .... 1 35
500 Chollar 15 t;00 Ohio Ton ..3 0214
500 Dlamondfleld. 38 ICOO Orig Bullfrog. 23
ICOO Diamondfleld. 37 2COO Orig Blfsr. b3O 24
100 Ton of Nev. 14 00 200 Sierra Nev 36
25C0 Eclipse ....... 32 2CO Ton Belmont.. l 20
10CO Gold Anchor.. SS 200 Ton Exten ...5 50
700 Gold Anchor.. J9UOCO N Star, blO Gl
1500 J Butler, blO. 76 2500 Ton N Star... 60
1000 MacNamara.. 4^l 200 Union Con..'.. 41
rll a. m. Session.
ROO Crown Point., li 300 Potosi C 9
lf.oo Dixie 15 200 Sierra Nev.... 36
15C0 Eclipse, s -20 ::4 2500 Sllvr Pick.b6o 11
lfino Eclipse '33 100 Ton of Nev. 14 25
1000 MacNamara.. 41 1000 N Star, s SO. t>o
100 Mexican . 1 36 1500 N Star, b 15. 61
1000 Nat Bank ... 23 ICOO N' Star, blO 61
1000 Ohio 3C ICOO Ton N Star*.. 62
MK> Paymaster .. 03 ISOO Ton N Star... 61
• \u25a0 2 p. m. Session. 'f
2000 Paymaster .. 03|
"CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Andes 13 — IHale &\u25a0. Store-. — 193
Belchfer . 13 14| Mexican 1:30 IS3
Best A Belch. 1 30 - — Occidental ...1 25
Caledonia -45 — Ophir' 700 7 12*4
Challenge ... 20 — Savage — 71
Chollar ...... — 19 Scorpion CS
Con Imperial. — 01^|«'»rra v.v.;,, w _
Con Va M Co.l 30 1 35! Silver Hi 11.... »0 —
Crown Point.. 14 — | union Con 4,"t
Exchequer ... 50 v: — I Yellow Jacket. 21 —
Gould & Cur. 18 10 f ,
\u25a0'> Tonopah District. *'. V ,
Belmont . 1201 25 Mlzpah Ex ... — 15
California ... 07 — Mont Ton ..3 G2U, 3r5
Cash- Boy ... 17 18 N V Ton Con. 20 21
Gold Anchor.." 91 — North Star 59 ki
Great Westrn 03 04 Ohio — 34
Home 05 0« Paymaster ... 02% 04
Home Con ... — 09 Rescue ....... 07 C 9
Ind Tonopah.. 01% 02 S Nev Dev... -- i(j
Jim Butler .. 74 — Ton Extort ...5 25
Lucky Tom.. .—. — ,17 Ton ot Nev. 14 50
MacNamara.. 40' 42 United Ton .. 15
Midway ...V.I 50 — West End ...1 05 110
Goldfleld District.;.' '
Adams ...... 04 f 5 Jumbo Ex... 18 20
Austin ...... — "1 Kendall 13 14
Black Butte.. — .- 26 Lone Star ... i*>
Blk Butte Ex 02% — May .'Queen -V. — 21
Black Rock.. 02 02%| Mohawk _ :»n
Blue Bell ... 03 C 5 v. w Coldfleld. rl* —
Blue Bull ... 09 15 Oakes ......... (H 03
Brooklyn .... 02 v C5 ! Oro - 04
Columbia Mt. 19 — | Pa Goldfleld.. — (yy.
Diamond .... — 15 t ßed Lion .... 03 "oc
Diamondfleld. ;38 • 4l|Red Top ..... 3s V}
Dixie ........ 15 . 16 Red Top Ex.. 03 1-
Frisco ....... — 20 st Ives 14 ]6
Gldfld G Dust Q5 • C 6! Sandstorm .... 60 •">
Gldfld L Star. — OS Sandstorm Ex. 11
Goldfleld Nev. 55 — Silver Pick . . 03 12
Jumbo M Co. 60 73 SMmmerone ... 23 30
Bullfrog District. -
Amargosa ... 02 10 Lige Harris... • 01% 03
Beatty. Blfrg. — 11 Mont Bullfrog. OS 10
Bullfrog Anx. — C 7 Orig Bullfrog. 23 25
Bullffog Belle OS — Shoshone ..... 10 1 1
Bullfrog Mln. — \u25a0 »"5 Vista Grande.. 12
Bullfns NBk 22 24 Wolverine .... — if
Eclipse 32 34
_•\u25a0; Other Districts. .:'. .
Brown Hope.: 16 — Ray & O'Brien 03% OS
Esperanza ... 00% 01 Rothwell .... *>s
Free; Gold ... — 15 Silver Peak .. ~21
Gold Mt Con;— 02 Ton Berkeley.. 01 02
Kawlch Gold.— 10 Ton Gold Mt. 15
Pine " Grove .... 20 '• 25 ',- , -
R. Thompson to Augusta n. Warren, all in
terost in lot on S lfne of^l'aciflc avrnue. 2CO E
of Willlcw street, E 100 by S t"C:2. lots 13 ard
14. block 19. lands adjacent to Encinal. Ala
meda: Zift. ' " . \u25a0
James R. and Margaret A. Little to A. S.
and Ella G. Parsons, lot on NE corner ot
Rose and Grant streets. E 55 by N SO, being**
W 55 feet of lots 14 and 13, block B. Leviatoa*
Tract, etc.. Berkeley; $100.
Otto A. and Mary J. Putzker to Joseph P.
Browning, lot on a line of Parker street. 1&2. 13
\V of Grove. W 40 by S 130. portion of lota
7 and S. block G. Crystal Springs Tract Berke
ley; $10. .
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Otto A.
Putzker. same, deed given to correct error la
deed January 19. 1903. BS7 D. 19S. Berkeley: /
$100. -<#
Pleiades D. Dickinson (single) to Marsaret 1-^1 -^
G. Dickinson, lot on NW line of Bay ave
nue, 474 NE of East Fourteenth street (or
County road. Oakland to San Leandro), NEJ
50 by NW 125, lota 20 and 21. block I>.
Hsmphlll Tract. Brooklyn Township; $tl>.
J. B. Walden Jr. (administrator estate of
James B. Chase) to A. J. Patterson, all In
terest In lot on N line of Brown street. 100
E of San Pablo avenue, E 7d:B. N t39:f» to N"
boundary of lot 7. W 7«:8 to W boundary Hn»
of lot 7, E 133:5% to beginning, lot 7, Cotter
Tract. Oakland; 51900.
Fabian and Mary MacKinnon to Rufus B.
Stovall. lot on S line of Seventeenth street,
32:3 E of Cypress. E 25 by S 104:9. lot 2s,
block 602.- Scotchler Tract. Oakland: $10.
Alice M. HamDton (wife of John C) to
Henrietta L." Edwards (wife of F. J.). lot oa
W line of Alice street. 100 S of Nineteenth
(Durant), S 50 by W 150; $10.
Wiekham and Florence W. Havens to Albert
Abrams..lot 87. Oak Park Tract, Oakland: *10.
. Edward F. Mulvihill to Margaret Mulvlnill
(wife), lot on S line of Mead avenue. 300 W of
San Pablo avenue. W 25 by S 123.70. lot 53.
Mead Park. Oakland; gift. • .
William L. or W. L. "White (slaxle) to
Mattie M. Clover (wife of John A.), lot 1.
block O. map of Santa Ffe Tract No. 4. Oak
land; ?10. : \u25a0
Harlow P. Bancroft to came, lot 2, block O,
same. Oakland; StO.
Same to Eugenia W. Turner (wlfs of R. C).
N 40 f eet of lot 23, , block O, Santa Fa Tract
No. 4. Oakland: ?10.
Same to same, lot S. . block O, same, Oak
land: flO.
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft to Otto W.
Blroth. lot 4. Santa Fe Tract No. 12,- Oakland;
$10. •
Robert S» and Frances Downar (wife) to
Walter E. Rode (single), lot on S line o*
Santa Fe avenue, 321.13 W of San Pablo avu
nue. W 30 by S 106.62, lot 64. map 2, William
M. Butters Tract. Oakland and Emeryville
Oakland; ?10. ' \+ •
E. J. and Lydla F. ShepanJson to W. A.
Hepler" lot on N line of Flfty-nlntb (or Marl
posa) street. 110 W of its intersection with
SE ltne.of Stanford avenue. E 63.* NW '104.34'
to SE line of Stanford avenue. SW "72.25. SB
to beginning, lot 22 and E 13 feet of lot 23.'
block R. Paradise Park. Oakland: SlO.
Wealthy Taylor (widower) to Elizabeth 31.-^
Gardner. Sarah J. Taylor and Ida F. ' Lloyd. -^
lot on W corner of East Eleventh (Jackson)
and Tentfe avenues (Taylor). NW ICO hy SW
150. block 17^ Clinton. East Oakland: irlft. -
Frank 8.. Howard and Herbert \u25a0A. Bishop
to Robert Bishop.- lot on N line of Arlington
avenue. 164.36 E of Park. E 4»>. X 151.45 to
S tine of Stanford avenue. W 41.24. S 141.49.
lot 5. block 1. Golden Gate Tract, Oakland
Townshlo; $400.
Minnie and C. H. Vaughan (husband) to
John «F. Collins, lot on W line of Fleuransr*
avenue. 416 N of HoDklns street. N 4» by W
IKI. lot 1£ block C. map C. Peralta Park.
Berkeley: *10.
The Realty Syndicate to Ida M. Marshall
(w-dow). lota 13 to 23. block 22. Ma tthew.V
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel - (wife) to Anna
White, lot 22 and S % of lot 23.. b10ck C, San
ford Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to Irene Ownby. lot 2i. and N Vi of lot
23. block C. same. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to Helen Eicher. lots.tD to 21, block C.
same.' Brooklyn. Township: $10.'.
Jacob Heyrnan Company to Luelia G. Barr
(wife rf Frark W.). Kts SO and €0. Alvin l"racr,
Brooklyn TownshiD; $H».
TTk> E. ; P. Vandereook Company to. John De
wonrk. lot P. block r. Monte Vista Tract.
Brooktvn To-anshl^; $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Philippla*
Rothenbuscn. lots t> and 7. block 6, llathew*
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Same to >3rty Crawford.. ME 30 feet of lot
40, block D, Map 2. Highland Terrace. Oak
land: $10.
A. A. Fink (slngle> to Exel H. and Hi:ma
T. Nelson, lot 25. block 62. Tracr B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association:
$10.
Vesta it Colby <wl<Jow> to J. B. Boutin,
lot on SE corner of Wool3ey street and Coile^«
avenue. S 60 by E 13). lot TO. Colby Tract,
Oakland Township; $lwj.
Berkeley Development Company and H-. 3.
Patton to J. E. Cases, lot 15. block C. Hop
kins Terrace, Map 2, Berkeley; SIO. • ».,.
Mary L. and J. J. Silva to Marvel E. Eils
worth. lot on NE line of East Twelfth street.
125 SE of Fifteenth avenue, SE 25 by NE 140,
lot 6. block 14, San Antonio. East Oakland:
$10. - ..
Albright, lot 9. block J. Broadway Terrace.
Oakland: $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Realty Syndi
cate, lota 12 and 13. block K. lots 2 3 and
4. block L. Thermal Hill, iormerly Howa
Tract. Oakland; $10. • • «,
Real Estate Security Company to J. \V
avenue. 19" W of Lafayetta * ctreet. W 49 by
S 150. Alaiaeda; $10.
LATE SHIPPING IXTEIiLIGEXCB.
ARRIVED. ''•
Wednesday. Ausust 9.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. 5 hours from Point ;
Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aag 8— Schr
William Bowden. from Mollendo; schr Aloha,
hence July 24. Passed in Aug 9— Schr H. D.
Bendixson, from San Pedro, for Tacoma; achr
Wilbert L. Smith, from San Pedro, for Ballard.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr San Pedro,
from San Pedro; stmr Santa. Barbara, from
San Pedro; stmr Santa Monica, from Saa
Pedro.
Sailed Aug 9— Schr Sotoyom*. for San Fran
cisco.
• 100 Belcher . 14 ICOO Potosi 10
100 Belcher : 15 COO Savage CO
100 Challenge ... 22 200 Savage ........ 61
ICO Chollar ...... 15 COO Sierra Nev.... 36
.100 C Va M.b30.1 33 .200 Sierra Nev....- 37
100 Crown Point.. 11 50 Sierra N-ev. ... 38
. ICO Gould & Cur. ' 17 :U»X> Silver Hi 11.... 92
100 Mexican . 1:5 l!C0 Silver Hill. s3O 93
50 Ophir ?....... 7 25 lutM> Silver Hill «3
600 Ophir . .'..".V.7 00 100 Union Con...'. 42
100 Ophir .....7 12% 100 Yellow Jacket. 19
2 -». m. Session — Comstocks.
300 Challenge ... 20; 4CO Savase ....... CO
'400 Con Va M'Co.l 3>)1000 Scorpion ...... 12
100 Crown Point.. \u25a0' 10 100 Sierra Nev,... ::>
150 Ophir ... 6.75 iCOt). Utah t6
closing' quotations.
• Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 05 OS Justice 04 06
Altai 03 laKcntuck ...'.. 02 03
Andes.. 16 ISjLaiiy Wash -.. — *04
Belcher ..... 14 15 j Mexican .......I 30 133
Best & Belch.l 25 laO Occidental ... S7 02
Bullion ..'.... 37 41 Ophir 675 6 S~¥,
Caledonia 42 45 Ophir-Bruns.. 08 C 9
Challenge ... 19 il Overman 10 12
Chollar ...... 14 16 ?otosi 08 10
Con Va M Ca.l 30 135 Ravage 60 61
Confidence ... 90 05 Scorpion 11 12
Con Imperial; 01 02,Seg Belcher... 06 07
Crown Point.. 10 11 Sierra Nev 35 36
Con N V..... 01 (2 St Louis — 10
E Sierra Nev v 03 05 Sliver Hill SO -93
Eureka Con.. 1- 25 — Syndicate .... — 10
Gould & Cur. 16 17 Union Con 40 41
Exchequer ... 50 55 Utah 06 C 7
Hale & Norc.l 70 ISO I Yellow Jacket. 17 18
Julia 03 C6|
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS. *
Morning Session.
1000 Bullfrg N Bk 23 2000 North Star 62
JOOO Brunswick . . 15 3UOO N Star, b 90. 65
iOWO Cash Boy ... 17| 500 North Star 60
200 Dixie 15 1000 Silver Pick ..10
5 000 Eclipse ...... 33 ICO Ton Belmont..l 20
200 G Anchor. slO 03 1200 Ton Gold Mt. 12
2600 North Star .. 6l| ICO Ton Mdway.l 52&
Afternoon Session.
1000 Big Bullfrog. 10 100 MacNamara... 43
\u25a0300 Bullf rg N Bk 24 1000 Ohio Ton 31
3500 Eclipse 33 toWJ O hio Ton. bOO 33
000 Eclipse, b 30. 31 low Ohio Ton. bUO 32
1000 Eclipse, b 8. 33 1000 Ohio Ton .... 30
10C0 Empire C 6 2300 Paymaster ... 03
500 Forest City .. 25 1000 Paymastr b3O 04
200 G Anchor. slO 93 ICOO Red Top 3Q
500 Gold Anchor.. £5 500 Sandstorm .. 60
COO Gldfld Rand.. 16 500 Shoshone Gold 25
100 Jumbo M Co. 70 200 Ton Exten ...5 50
1000 Jim Butler .. 75 100 Virginia ..... 10
100 Jim Butler .. 74 100 West End...l 07%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah District.
'„";'\u25a0-• ; - Bld.Aslc.| . \u0084 Bld.Ask.
Belmont 1201 22 MacNamara... 41 43
Boston Ton.. — -13 Midway 150 155
Brfrr's JB Ex — 18 Mlzpah Ex ... 11 15
California ... 07 10 Mont Ton 3053 07
Cash Boy ... 16 17 Mon Pirtsburs — 18
Colehan ..... — 10 Monitor 02
Eula Con ... — 17 N V Ton Con. 13 20
Gold Anchor.. 93 931 North Star.... 69 €0
Golden Gate.. — 10 Ohio Ton 30 31
Gold Mt ..... 12 13- Red Rock Ex. — .15
Gold Mt Con. — 01 Rescue 07 f8
Great Wectrn 03 04|Ton Exten . ..6 50 587
Ind Tonopah.. 01 031 Ton Home Con 08 09
Home 06 07 Ton Sly & Gld 15 —
Jim Butler .. 74 751T0n of Nev. l4 00 —
J Butler Ex. — 20 United Ton ..01 C 2
Little Ton .. —3 W. West End ...1 05 IC7
Lucky Tom.. — 04|
Goldfleld District.
Adams 04 05 Hibernia 10 —
Atlanta 08 09 Highland — 26
Aurora 10 12 Jumbo M Co.. 63 70
Black Ants .. — 04 Jumbo Ex ... 14 15
Black Butte.. 24 25 Juno — 01
Blk Butte Ex 02 C 4 Kendall 13 14
Black Rock.. 02 03Kendall Ex .. — 10
Blue Bell ... 03 oof Lone Star ... OS —
Blue Bull ... 10 11 Lucky Star .. — 04
Brooklyn 01 0^ May Queen ..19 —
Butte Gldfld.. 46 50 Mohawk 15 *20
Bull & Bear. 02 03 Nevada Boy .. 13 —
Booth M Co. 08 \u25a0 — Nev Goldfleld. 15 18
COD 25 —Nev Southern. 14- —
Columbia 14 15 Oakes — 10
Columbia Mt. 16 20 Oakland — 10
Conqueror — I'O Oro — C 3
Diamond 10 —Pennsylvania. 01 03
Dlamondfleld. 3S 40 Potlatch ..... 06
Dmdfld Trngl. — IS Red Lion 03 04
Dominion ... 20 — Red Top 39 40
Dixie 15 16 Ked Top Ex.. 01 03
Empire Oti 07 Sandstorm 60 61
Exploitation.. — 04 Sandstorm Ex. 07 C 9
Fawn 05 — Sherman . — "5
Frisco ....... — 10 Silver Pick ..10 12
Gold Dust ... — 09/Slmmerone ... 21
Gold Hill — 04 St Ives 13 16
GoldfleW Mln. 51 — | Treasure 07 10
Gld & G Reed — 10; Verde 02 04
Gldfld -Rand.. 05 06 Vernal 02
Goldfleld Ton. — • 05[ Wonder 02 C 3
Great Bend .. 05 C 8)
Bullfrog District.
Amargosa ... 08 10 Gold \u25a0 Bar 27
Amethyst.... — 16 Gldfld Bullfrog — 10
Bis Bullfrog:. .12 — Llge Harris. .. 02 03
Bonnie Clare.l 25 — Mont Bullfrog. 07 08
Bullfrog Mln. 65 65 Orig Bullfrog. 22 24
Bullfrog Anx. 03 04 Red Dog 12 —
Bullfrog Com 05 10 Shoshone io
Bullfrog Ex.. 18 20 Shoshon B Gld 25
Blfrg Jumper. — 11 Steinway 17 ig
Bullfrg NBk 23 24 Wolverine .... 05 10
Den Bullfrog. 22 — Ventura 11 12
Van Blfg Anx — 00 Vlata Grande.. — 08
Eclipse 32 33 1
Other Districts.
Brown Hope.. 15 — I Paymaster ... 03 04
Esperanra ... — CllQulncy 03 C 5
Gold Reer M. — 25:>Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Gold Reer Ex — .26 Rothwell — 26
Kawlch & B. — IB Silver Peak ..* — 17
Kawlch Gold. — C 5 Southwestern.. 25
Kawich MCo — IS Sylvania ..... — 20
Llda Hawk .. 55 — fTokop Con ... — 08
Business - 3*cii AVlio - Get Them
ITnloail oa Uncle
Sum.
A twelve-quart duu wfll hold all th«
pennies in Butte, says a Butte (Mont.)
special to the New York Herald. In the
money drawer or cash register of nearly
every business house In Butte there is a
Lin box in oiio corner, anil in It are pen
nies. When the box is full the merchant
puts It under his arm and climbs the
hill to the new postofflce, unloads his ac
cumulation on/ Postmaster Georsa Irvin
and carries home starifr3 for It. •
When a chuu under a certain age cornea
Into a store and buys and proffers pen
nies in payment tne pennies are forth
with cast into the little box.
At the postofflce the purchaser of two
2 cent stamps receives a penny back. If
: he has two cents coming after buying
a money order he sets two pennies for it.
As a general thing the pennies given
out In change in the postofflce seldom
get outside the building. Before leaving
the building the owner of the pennies
decider that he or she would rather have
stamps for them, and the exchange Is
made.
So the pennies in circulation In Butt*
hover about the postofflce. Once in a
while an arrival from the East scatters
them among the stores, but eventually
the little disks find their way to the
postofflce. The stores do not make change
In pennies in Butte. Some use postage
stamps.
It has not been so long since pennies N
have been given out in change at the
postofflce. Two or three years ago ft
man bought a money order at the Butte
postofflce. He had two cents in chang*
coming to him, but there were no pennies
with which to pay it. He complained to
the Postofflce Department at Washing
ton, and then came an order directing
that a supply of pennies be obtained and
change made.
Since then there have been pennies la
Butte. Helena and most of the larger of
fices in Montana. But the merchant, as
a general thing, has little use for pen
nies, and It will probably be a long time,
before they come Into circulation in this
part of tha Northwest.
There are no penny newspapers la
Montana. Children always have a nickel
to buy candy— sometimes more. Ther«
are no penny values shown for sale in
this city.
The merchants think the pennies »
nuisance: the public look at the matter
In the same light, and if it had not been
for a disgruntled buyer of a money or
der, who failed to appreciate that if the
two cents had been coming the other way
nothing would have been said about It.
the probabilities are that pennies would
be fewer in Butte and other Montana
cities than they are to-day.— Baltimore
Herald.
WESTERNERS HAVE XO ' -
, USE FOR PF,\Xl.(j^
of Scott street, \u25a0 23 • N of Waller. N 27 by W
100; CIO. «
Minnie M. Mundy (Evans) (wire of James
H.) to Louise G. Bliss (wife of George D.). lot
on NW corner . of \u25a0 Clay and Broderlcfc. streets.
W 2<J by N 105; $10. \u25a0- : '
City Realty Company to City and County ot
San Francisco, lot on S ; line of Frederick
street. 121:0 E of First avenue. E 503;1C. S
278:7, W 404:8. N 100, W I:VN 175; $J5.000.
Emma G. Butler to Adolpb Goldberg, lot on
N line of Clay street. 150 W of Presidio, \V
44:7 by N 127:SVi: $10.
John E. Medau to May M. . Medau. lot on E
line of Chtrry street, 105 N of Clay, N 27:6
by E 110; gift.
William IX and Anna C Meyer to Annie
Breck, lot on S line of Carl street. 204:3 E of
Cole, E 50. S 122:6^i, W 50.028. N to begin
ning; i.lO.
Pope Estate Company to City and County of
San Francisco,- lot on SE corner of Grattan
and Shrader streets. E 203:7*4 by S 240:11;
« 28, 500.
City and County of San Francisco to Milton
A. Wheaton, lot on X line of Fourteenth street.
197:4 E of Mission. E 52 by N 116; also lot
on NW line of Harrison street. 100 NE of
Eleventh. NE 86:3 by NW. 137:6; $
Anastasia McCully to Peter S. Casey, lot on
SE corner of Twenty-first and Mission streets.
E 120:8 by S 63: 510.
Helen A. and James D. Horan and Blanche
M. Trlpp (Horan) to Mary A. Cull, lot on SE
corner o' Twenty-fourth and York streets, E
40 by S 100; ?10.
James McDonald to Mary McDonald, lot on
N lino of Valley street. 126 E of Dolores and
228 S of Twenty-eighth. E 23:8 by N 114;
Eift.
John RosenfeloTs Sons to Robert Behlow. lot
on S line of O'Farrell street. 80 E of Mason.
E 25 by S 87:6; 510.
Nathan and Tina Schwartz to A. P. Happ.
undivided one-sixth of lot on S line of OFar
rell street. 85 E of Jones, E 25:6. S 62:6, E
7. S CO." 1 W 32: C. N 122:6: $10.
Hannah Hal.ht to Alexander Bond, lot oh
W line of Leavenworth street. 23:9 N of
OFarrell, N 22:3 by W 82:6: $10.
Estate of Harrison Halght (by Edgar Q.
Halpht, administrator) to same, same and us«
of alley 7:6 wide extending from S line of lot
to O'Farrell street. W line of alley being 87:6
W of Leavenworth street: $105. C00.
Hedwlg Daman to M. Fisher Company, lot
on NE line of Harriet street. 130 SE of
Howard, SE 50 by NG 75; $10.
Julius and Laura A. Knudsen to C. H. W.
and Kerstine H. Schnlpper, lot on E line of
San Bruno avenue. 150 N of Twenty-third
street. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Lucy H. Frlnk- et al. to.Abby F. Blckel.
lot on W" line of Texas street. 75 N of Twen
ty-fifth. N 75 by W 100; also lot on W line
of Arkansas street. 250 S nf Nineteenth. S 50
by W 100: also lot on NE corner of Twen
tieth and Wisconsin streets, E 50 by N 100;
$3036.
Antoinc and Grade Borel to Jeannette E.
Merritt. lot 15. Presidio Terrace: $10.
Mary Scally to Jacob Heyman Company, lot
on N line of Lake street. 120 TV* of Twenty
fourth avenue. W 155 by N C4O: $20,500.
George W. Turner to Ernest and Harriet
Atthowe. lot on W line of Sixteenth avenue,
250 N of California street, N- 50 by W 120; $10.
Maria or M. F. Cummlngs to Thomas H.
Wolfe, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue. 150
8 of California street, S 25 by E 120; 510. i
Edgar L. and Josephine R. Hoag to Anna
M. Moelier. lot on E line of Thirty-fifth ave
nue. 125 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by
E 120; ?10.
Henry P. Bowie. Julia D. Beylard. George
H. and Joseph H. P. Howard to. Agnea H.
Hayne, lot on E line of Fifteenth avenue.
148 :S S of Point Lobos avenue. S 117, B
100:8, NW to point opposite beginning. W
SO, quitclaim deed; $ .
Sarah Ormond to William J. Gunn, lot. on
TV line of Seventh avenue. 200 S of A street.
S 50 by W 120: $10.
McEwen Bros, to George T. and Effle M.
Fischer lot on E line of Eleventh avenue.
SCO N of X street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Same to Charles H. Beardsley. lot on W
line of Tenth avenue. 225 N of X street, N
50 by TV 120; $10.
Solomon Getz to C. B. Hopkins, lot on W
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 300 N of M
street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
J. R. and Lizzie M. Blanchard to \u25a0 same,
same; $10.
Ge«rge M. Mitchell. George A. and May EJ.
Turner to State Realty Company, Outside
Lands blocks DOS and 1071; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of P street,
32:6 TV of Forty fifth avenue, TV. 50 by S 100;
also lot on SE corner of Forty-sixth avenu»~
and P street. B 132:6 by S 100; also lot on
E line of Fortysixth avenue. 2CO S of P
street. S 225 by E 120; also lot on NE corner
of Forty-sixth., avenue and Q street. E ::2:6
by N 100; also lot on NW corner of Forty
fifth avenue and Q street. TV 157:6. N 100. E
57:6. N 30. E 120. 3 150; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Josephine Plun
kett lot on E line of I street. S2:G E of Forty
fifth avenue. E 50 by S loo; 510.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ernest F. Hop
kins, lot on E Una of Forty-third avenue, 175
B of T street. S 25 by E 120; §10:
Jackson L. Shraderr to Marpraret McKenzie,
lot on'S line of T street. 32:6 TV of Forty-first
avenue. W 75 by S 100; ?10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Charles T. Bc
han " lot on E line of Forty-third avenue, 100
S of U street. S 25 by E 120;. $10.
Same to Ella B. Foley, lot 2. block 4. sub
division 1. Castro-Street Addition: $10.
Edward D. Swift to Umberto A. Gnaspart.
lot on NW line of Delaware street. 344:6 NE
of Ocean House road. NE 26 by NW 115:55 i.
block 33. West End map 1; $10.
Rlzpah and Charles H. Phillips to William
Daniell. lots 14 to 22. 23 and 26, block 47,
Stanford Heights; $10. ':\u25a0 v>
William B. and Marie A. Waldron to Alfreil
D. Bowen. lot on E line of Victoria street. 123
S of Stanley. S 50 by E 100, lots 21 and 22.
block 40. City Land; $10.
Christooher Windrow to Julia A. Windrow,
lot on SW corner . of Suntiyslde avenue . and
Edna street. W 50 by S 100. lots 49 and 50.
Sunnyslde: gift.
Moritz F. Stegelitz to Mabel N. Coey. lot
on W line of Stanyan street. 393:6 4.10 S cf
Sullivan. S 25 by W 111:6; $10.
Home Realty Company to Edward Lagan,
lot on N line of College avenue. 267.459 TV of
Mission street. W 2o» N 97.99. E 25.001. S
05.24. lot 12. block 1. College Hill Tract; $10.
L. L. and Carrie A. Cory to B. A. Benar.l.
lots 12 and 13. block 52. City Lands: $10.
B. A. Benard to Alfred D. Bowen. lot on E
line of Bright street, 175 N of Palmetto. N
50 by E 100, lots 12 and 13, block 52. same;
$10.
John Roessla to Stella TV. Roessle, lot on
W line of Condon street, 74 N of Peralta. N
25 by W 70, P. V. 234 to 236; $10.
Julius C. Rets to M. and Mary Gallo. lot 2.
block. 6, Reis Tract; grant.
Antolne & Gracie Borel to Presidio Terrace
Association, lot 15. Presidio Terrace; $1.
George H. Loy to Mary J. Loy, lots 1332 and
1333. gift map 3; gift.
Renters' Loan and Trust Company to Theo
dor and Emma Schulz. lot on NW line of San
Jose avenue, 955 NE of Jarnac, NE 30, NW
130:9%. SW 30. SE 135:3, lot 4. block 1. Belle
Ttoche City; $10. - •.
M. Z. and Josephlna Novello to Accardo
and Anna Catelll. lot 332. gift map 1; $10.
Anna E. and Catherine Deering to Daniel
S. O'Brien, lot on t» line of Montana street.
190 E of Orizaba. E 25 by N 125. lot 7. block
U, Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
William S. Shanabrook io George Golder.
estate of Jane Stark. No. 32,072. deed and as
signment: $600.
Frederick H. Glover to P. H. Murphy, lot
272. Cobb Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mary F. Mangan (owner) with J. S. Hof
melster & Son (contractors), architect —
All work for a two-story frame building (four
flats) on lot on E line of Colllngwood street.
162:6 S of Nineteenth. S 27:6 by E 105; $4eSO.
A. and B. Comer (owner) with Thomas . F.
Mitchell (contractor), architect — AH work
for a two-story frame building (two flats) on
lot on W line of Harrison street, 300 S of
Twenty-fourth. S 25 by W 112:6: $5000.
Louis Ferrari (owner) with William McKee
(contractor), architects Rlghettl & Kuhl — All
work for a two-story frame building on lot on
SW line of Precita avenue. 549 NE of Ala
bama street. NE 30 by. SE 150, lot 224. Pre
cita Valley lands; $3300.
I. Deutch (owner) with L. and E. Emamiel '
(contractors), architects . Havens & Toepke —
All work for alterations and additions to
first story of a thr*e-story and basement brick
building on lot on S line of Market street, 91:3
E of First. E 45:10 by 137:6; $75CS.
Elizabeth Dana (owner) with Thomas Robl
nett (contractor), — — architect — All work for
a two-story frame building on lot on TV line
of Forty-seventh avenue. 50 S of L street. 25
by 120; $1450. .
M. H. de Young (owner) wfth Reginald J.
' Davis Company . (contractors), architects D. H."
Burnhnm & Co. — All rough and finished car
pentry and inside finish, painting, work of old
and new building to be sixteen-story and at
tic, brick, steel and terra cotta building on lot
on NE corner of Kearny and Geary streets N
112. E 70:7%. S SO. SW 86, W 58:11; $64.C00.
Alameda Count jr.
D. E. and Barbara E. BeseckeT 'to J. J.
Raver, lots 1 to 8 and 27. block A. Stanford
Tract, deed mads to correct error in descrip
tion in former deed. Oakland: $10.
. Harriet M. and James McCaw et al. (by J.
B." Lanktree, Commissioner) to Frank G. Wat
son, lot on SE corner of Thirteenth and Alice
streets, .E 115 by S 50, lots 7 and 8 and por
tion of lots 9 and 10, block 170. Kellersberger's
Map, Oakland: $6397.
- M. E. Sanborn (wife of A. N.) and Fred W.
Kaemline (single) to Charles W. Smith. lot 3,
map resubdivision, block 54. San Antonio, East
Oakland: ?10. :
K. R. and Ada R. Patterson (wife) to May
Wilkins. lot on S line of Haste street, 100 E
of Dana. E 50 by-S 46:5. being E 50 feet of
N 46:8 ofylot 1. block fi. College Homestead
Association. Berkeley; $10.
George Frankland to Eliz-oeth Frankland.
lots 21 and 22, block 24. Warner Tract, Brook
lyn Township; ?10.
Same to same, lot en NE corner of Saratoga
avenue and Laurel street, E 2CO by N 133,
lots 1 to 3. block P, amended .nap, Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township ; $10.
Alameda Savings Bank to .TV. ' S. Rlsley. lot
at intersection of E line of Pearl street with
N line of railroad j right of way, .called En
cinal'. avenue (which point Is a distance of 549
S from S line of Central /avenue, as" same now
exists since . widened to SO feet -and measured
along E \u25a0 line of Pearl street), \u25a0 thence N 63, E
ie».- S 74 to N line of said railroad right . of
way, etc.. -TV to beginning; also -excepting land
conveyed by ' first j property to Southern Pacific
Railroad Company for Versailles Avenue Depot
site. Alameda; ?10. V ' • •
Lulie W. and A.- W. Porter (husband) to
, Jessie Dodzs Porter, lot on S line of San Jos*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY-, AUGUST 10, 1905:
Continued From Page -Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL N£ WS
14
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale.
$£430— -MUST be v sold by onler of a bank: 'Si
acres. -\: miles from town, AlaineJa Coun-
ty; i.uWic anu high W-JOols; this is- a line
piece vi level land lacing main avenue (cor-
ner); 15 acres in nlrnond;'. v.-itli a big crop in
hislit; Uj acres j.oatheb ami apricots, with
•joiiie prupei; all un.lcr hisli Ptat<» of cultiva-»
ticii; this is a splendid location and income
j'roiieity. <-jmhinms a climate unexcelled.
H. "if. CRANK. 308 OalUornia et.
j.joou — OM'.N'iKV hotel and resort, 30 miles
iroili Oils oity. clos«? to railroad depot. Ala-
iiii-da. County: jioriect climate, beautiful
scenery and surroundings: a rare oppor-
tunity" easy terms if desired. Sec photos
at this office. H. 11. CRANE. SOS California
fTreet.
FOX hot-1 sanitarium or l>"autKul home. My
!-.onio reserve an-I ChittMitk-n Sulphur Springs
at CJiittenden.- Santa Crur Co., Cal. Only
etc— l *,*roup of medicinal sulphur springs
easily accessible from B. F. Trains stop _t
Chltrenrtcn station within 3CO feet of springs.
Fine climate, beautiful scenery, part of
. c tate, $SOOO worth of Improvements, all new.
Great water right. line wat-sr system, beau-
tifully landscaped grounds, every conveni-
ence;" 30 acres choicest soil: a grand place
and a creat opportunity to make money.
Price $10,000, very easy terms. Owner, T.
CHTTTENDEN. Chittendefc, Cal.
FREE— BEST CATALOGUE OF POULTRY.
FRUIT ALFALFA. DAIRY AND STOCK
RANCHES. BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Mont-
pomfry nt.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOR eale — 2C7 acres choice grain land; fine
Improvement?, horses, cattle, farming Imple-
ments, furniture, etc. Address box 70, Liv-
ermore. Alameda County. Cal. '
CALIFORNIA land; alfalfa, corn, fruit, vines,
grain, stock, suburban: moderate terms: cata-
logues free. C. M. Wooster Co.. C4B Market.
$1 25 AN acre; Government land; Inclose stamp
for circular. DONNELLY CO.. €52 Market.
$4000— PETALUMA poultry ranch: 8 acres;
SICOO down, balance 6 p. c. Box 0002. Call.
WE lead them all for poultry ranches. Batchel-
or & Starke. Penngrove. Sonoma County. Cal.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE seme, desirable property for sile In
Sausalito; both improved and unimproved;
cash or terms. See W. H. ATKINSON, room
fia. Chronicle building.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for city property — C4i>
acres unimproved land in ICern County; also
40 acres of sold bearing gravel mine in Am-
ador County. Apply JOHN OCHSNER. 112
Beulah st. .
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — Good Income property. W. J.
MORGAN & CO., Investment Bankers. 70
New Montgomery st. '
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MTS
office. 101 c Broadway'
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$750 CASH, 512 50 monthly — New cottage ot :>
large rooms, pantry, closets, chicken-houses,
shrubbery, flowers, etc.; four lots, IOOx
132 72-100, all fence'! ; grand view of bay,
Alameda and surrounding- hills; 2 electric
5c fare lines; In touch with local San Fran-
cisco line and Key Route; away from fogs
and raw winds; sandy loam soil; will en-
large house and sell more land cheap; sev-
eral new homes tone up In two weeks; close
to "Al" grammar and high school and new
boulevard to Hay wards; all told $1750. Call
cr stnd for circular to 1222 Fruitvale aye.,
near station, Fruitvale. CHAS. F. LEE. or
455 Seventh St.. opposite Broadway station,
Oakland. Carriage free. Fruitvale Boule-
vard Tract. GEO. H. LEE, Owner.
" NEW AND CHEAP. ;
$150 cash. $10 monthly — New bungalow
bouse; « rooms, 3 up and 3 down stairs; elec-
tric llghtF, city gas; sewered, and city wa-
ter; patent sidewalks; nicely tinted; every-
thing complete; very convenient for cars to
San Franclfco; only 4 blocks to both Key
Route and Southern Pacific depots: near San
Pablo electric cars; rrice in all $1450. 455
7th St.. opn. Broadway station, Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furniture,
H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor. 6tore. Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CENTRAL aye.. 722. near McAllister — Three
large, sunny rooms, furnished; housekeep-
ing; reasonable.
COOK, 21 — 2 or 8 rooms, housekeeping; bath,
gas, laundry: $10 and $12. '-\u25a0
EDDY. U33 — Two large furnished or unfur-
nished rooms; conveniences; pri\-ate resi-
dence; central.
ELLIS, ail— Front. bay-wind(jw suite, nicely
furn.. running water; bath; quiet; reasonable
ESSEX. 11. bet. Ist and 2d. oft Folsom— Three
6unny furn. housekeeping rooms; gas, bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 372 — 1 or 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; other rooms; private.
HAVES. 332 — 3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping: no children; $14.
HOWARD, <55O — Front rocm and kitchen for
housekeeping. '. '
HOWARD, 719% — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also furnished rooms; respectable; locked
door. *~"
JESSIE. 323 — Large front room, furnished
housekeeping; gas range; sink; $11-$l3 mo.
JONES. 5C7. corner O'Farrell — Housekeeping
rocms; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
JONES. sCS>— Nice housekeeping suite, $1S;
single rooms. $10 : furnl.shtd.
LARKIN. Sl7% — Nicely furnished sunny corner
room, with gas sto/ve; reasonable. "
LIBERTY. 5C2 — i unfurnished sunny rooms
fcr housekeeping; bath; laundry. ' '\u25a0'.• ',
MCALLISTER. 538. near Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER, 1093— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; modern.-
OAK, 117, or 14 Page — Complete hskpg. ; gas
range free; hot bath, laundry; $1 25-$3 50 wk.
OAK. 384^ — 3 sunny rooms, complete housekeep-
ing; gap. bath, laundry: reasonable.
PACIFIC aye., IGC4 — 2 (-<• '\u25a0< lovely front rooms;
bath ami gag; modern: $18. \u25a0
PERRY. 20T>, near Fourth — Furnished house
keeping rovms, with gas stoves, cheap; also
other rooms.
SECOND, 204 — 1 or 3 housekeeping rooms,
There lady can" have "some plain sewine.
STEVENSON. «;17"£, near 7th — 3 sunny rooms,
kitchen; others; housekeeping'; furn.; cheap.
TAYLOR. 301» — _ large . sunny front rooms,
with or without kitchen; also basement room.
TWENTY-SlXth. 3377, near Mission— 2 or .V
front sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
$2 50 to $3 week. - -"*:\u25a0-\u25a0:;
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ESTHER. Hl9 Leavenworth, near Washington
— Open to-day, 10 to 4:30; greatest novelty
ever got up for housekeeping: the convenience
of 5 rooms In 2; see this without fall; you
can't afford to miss It; rents $30 to $32 50;
first tiGUne of its kind In this city; call to-day.
THE Vera Apartments, 1007 Bush St., near
Jones; under entirely new management; new
and thoroughly renovated; 2 and 3 room
suites, furn. or un/urn. for hskpg.; also beau-
tifully furn. single rms.. for gents; reas.
A— ST. LAWRENCE APARTMENT — New,
modern building; furn. or unfurn. apart-
ments of 2. 3, 4 rocms; private baths; irora
$15 to $35. Phone Main 5130. 133.'. Mason st.
MODERN sunny newly furnished apartments,
opp. Jefferson square; close In; best location
In city. 974 Eddy st. .
A— KENILWORTH. cor. Bush, Powell; 3-room
funny aprts.; single rooms; modern; reas.
ARIEL flats. 531 Turk — 1-2-S-rodm housekeep-
i ing apartments; furn. or unfum.; reasonable.
EL CARMELO. 17.19 Washington, nr. Van Ness
a ye..— Sunny 3. 5. 0 room apts. ; also single.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan— l to 5 rooms,
overlooking Golden Gate Park: tcl. Page BlUt>.
ROOMS TO LET — Furu. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 pcf night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT •'The Almonte," 573 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all 'night.
BEUIOND House, over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. IJ2O Market and 21 Turk — Electrlo
llghtc. running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c p*r night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BERNARD, 77— For two; large sunny bay-
window room: view; modern, convenient,
reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1520— Thre* sunny housekeep-
ing rooms furnished to suit tenant.
'CLAY. _4ijh— Sunny Turnlshecl room, bath and
: phone; private family; no slen; $7.
CLIPPER. 452— Three rooms, bath, basement,
bay-window; sunny; Castro car.
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let. '
FOURTH. .71—100 rooms; all sizes and prices;
new. modern: hot and cold water.
\u25a0 V - . \u25a0 '\u25a0'-»\u25a0
ROOMS TO LET— Purn. end Unlnrn.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 039, opp. Jefferson
t-quare — Furnished or partly furnished room;
- gas r.tove; closet: ?8 fx>. -\u25a0 -\u25a0 — \u25a0 - - • \u25a0
GRAND SOUTHERN. Seventh- and Mission—
100 rooms. 3oc to gl fiO night; $1 50 to ?7 v>-k.
HOTEL Hamilton. 1.5 Ellis—New hotel. Just
: opened; class "A"; steel building, strictly
fireproof; European plan; telephone and
eteani heat in every room: rooms without
bath. 51 per day;, with bath, SI 50 to $3; re-
.-duced rates by week or month.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN. cor. Ellis and Leav-
enworth — ::C0 rocms; modern and up to date;
light, sunny -and airy: hair nmttresses ; tree
baths; everything fresh «dd clean; single
rooms and baths; reasonable rates. ..;
HAYKS, 130, cor. Van Ness — Neat sunny bed-
room; suitable for gents; $7.
HAWTHORNE, 17_, nr. Harrison — Sunny room
In refined family for 1 or 2; board optional;
references.
HOWARD, 713 — Rooms, 2Sc to 51 Per day;
$150 to $3 per week; reading-room, etc.
HOWARD. .S2*^-ROOMS. ROOMS:. CLEAN.
CLEAN; TRANSIENT: REASONABLE.
HOWARD, 24u<* — Large, sunny front room; hot
an-1 cold water, gas. ,
KEARNY, 229— Sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle. Phone Black 44JC. -
LBAVENAVORTH, 1302, corner Clay— Large,
euuny, corner ' room ; run. water, phone; gent.
MARKET. 75'J — Fine Turn, roams; gas, electric
lights, running water; convenient: reasonable.
MARTHA place. 5, off Geary, hear Mason —
Floor 4 unfurnished rooms; adults.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 120 Third St. — tOO
stngb and family rooms, 35c. t0 ?1 50 per day;
.$2 to $S week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In 'San Francisco
that has office on ground iloor: hot and cold
water, electric- lichts, call bells, steam heat
In every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day end night to Ita guestg. -
OAK 419 A —Nicely furnished room, with pri-
vate family; board If desired; homelike and
quiet.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator and electric lights; unfurnished offices.
RIO VISTA Hotel. 253 Third st., nr. Howard-
New house, with modern conveniences: rooms
en suite and sincle; rates by day 35c up;
by week. $2 up: baths free to guests. •
THE Pierre, 573 O'Farreil— Beautifully fur-
nished suite and single; reasonable.
TURK. 411 — Papered, clean eunny rooms;
suites, single; also housekeeping rooms; gas
or coal stove. ' \u25a0
TWENTY-THIRD. 372 C near Dolores — Three
sunny bay-window rooms; nice, neat, , com-
plete. •- •
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, nr. Market— 4oo
rooms, T.sc to $1 night. 51 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights <no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
WEBSTER. IS22— To let. 5 furnished room*
bath and piano, for three months.
WOLF HOUSE. Sixth and Howard sts.— Best
known transient house In city: clean, neat;
charges reasonable; central location com-
men.ls it to traveling public; cafe attached;
cars pass door. G. 11. yon der Mehden. prop.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 7CO rooms,
35c to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
onenrd at ICCB Market St., ocposlte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AA^To^rEIT^ARLBOROUGH, 404 Eddy St.,
JUST OPENED. Rooms modern and up to
date; light, sunny and airyr hair mattresses:
free baths; everything elegant, fresh and
clean; table unexcelled; rates _very reason-
able; must be seen to be appreciated; located
In the heart of the city — 104 Eddy fit. — iOt.
"Best meals in the city." .
JOHNSTON, THE. 605 O'Farrefi— Sunny suites
and single rms; excellent board; references.
JONES. 373 — Nicely furnished room, suitable
for one or two, for rent, with board.
Old Stevenson Mansion. 807 California St.; new
carpets and interior; exceptional table; mod.
ROOMS with board; home cooking; $5.. per
week and up. CSS Howard st. . '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
CrU, 16 pages, sent to any address' In the
United. States or. Canada one year for $1,
' postage' paid. - J -'"*\u25a0 \u25a0---'• '-•
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, \u25a0 No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals, $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 53C California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
LEGAL NOTICES.
I WILL net be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by ray wife, Mrs. Elizabeth Jackson,
16% Glover street. MERT JACKSON.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
ENGRAVED wedding invitations, visiting and
business cards, crests, etc.; high-class work
at moderate rates. J. H. DUNCAN, 126
Kearny, rooms l-_.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were. Issued
yesterday: 7,^.
Chester H. Woolsey, 24, 2224 Sacramento St.,
and Daisy Chambers. 23, 2220 Sacramento st.
Milton D. Johnson. 20, 203 Turk street, and
Effie V. Pyle. 18, Vacaville.
John P. Goyhcnelx. 22, 0-'S Flllmore street,
and Elsie M. Hall. 19, 055 Page street.
Richard J. Grimes, 21, 709 Howard street,
and Margaret F. Halloran, 21, 709 Howard st.
George F. Meiro, 27, 142G Geary street, and
Martha E. Rush, IS, 2C27 Sacramento street;
James McKendry, 24, 225 Texas street, and
Hattle Brarens. 20, 706 Dolores street.
" John E. Oberc, 29, 380 Harriet 6treet. and
Otea M. I. Peterson, 19, 3SO Harriet street.-
Homer F. Caloway, 35, . Redding, and Anna
E. Bcown, 2S. Red<sln_. .
William Jacob!, 6fi. 1712 Church street, and
Johanna Hund, 50, 1678 Sanchez street.
Joel E. Silvan. 33, 245 Clara street, and
Lizzie Jaskari, 20, 1010^ Natoma street.
John E. ' Varcas, 4»S, Stockton, • and Mary
Daviner, 35, Stockton.
Patrick Cnncannon. 21, Santa Clara, and
Kate A. Doyle, IS, Santa Clara.
Gußtaf 11. Coleman. 23. Los Angeles, and
Elizabeth Chapman, 23, Memphis, Term.
BIRTHS— MARRI4QES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriase end death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must bs handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
i indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have. the -same published.
Notices restricted; simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charee. •
BORN.
HANSEN— In this city. August 4. 1905. to the
wife of Alfred Hanaen. a won.
DIED. .
AHube. Pedro, 78 Hawthorne, F. A., 47
Bartlett. Jos. L., 53 Hlnk, Carsten J.,:34
Brennan, Father I Mathews, Mrs. A. 76
Buja, "Micho, 38 McCully, Anagtasla, 83
Curtin, Hannah, 70 McKerron, A. J., 22
Dorman. Thomas, 70 filicha*lson, Fred 74 \
Encalada, Augctln,' 80 Miller, Margaret,' 67
Enemark, Geo. A., 23 Minner, Harold F , 18
Farmer, Cella Powell, Sarah L., 75-
Foster. Capt. E., 76 ; Regan. Martin H., 65
. Greene. Wm. E., 68 Tamm, John T.. 86 '
Haswell, Agnes W.. IG West.-- Emma, 40
ALTUBE — In this city, August'B, 1905, Pedro
Altube, beloved husband of Maria Altube, '
brother of Bernardo Altube,' and father of '<
Mrs. M.- Gesvret,' Mrs. J. F. Ormart. Mrs
M. Ormart and Mrs. J. J. Altube, a. native
of Sualn. aeed 78 years. . -
\u25a0 JCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which
will take place Friday, August 11, at 9
o'clock, from his late residence,' 2821 \u25a0Jack-
eon -street, thence to Nuestra Senora de
Guadalupe Church, where a solemn' requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
hlg soul, . commenclne at 10- o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
BARTLETT— In this city, August 6, 1905 Jo-
seph L. Bartlett. beloved father of -Mrs. - R,'
Richardson and Mrs. :: T. C. '\u25a0\u25a0 Carroll, -\u0084--- and
PLOTS
In Odd Fellows* and Masonlo Cemeterles'can be
exchanged for Plots in
SIT. OL I VET CE METE RY.
For- particulars apply at ' City , Office "
GRANT BLDG.r MARKET & SEVENTH STS.
/ - . .-. "~ \u25a0. .
McAvoy, O'HaraSuCo.l
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
Removed to Their) New
251-271 HAVES ST., opp. BT. WNATIWOH-ECH
[ Lady Assistants.' Telephone South 247." '
J.C.O'COI\i^()R&CO;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
767 MISSSION STREET
TEL. MAIN 5617/ V;
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALB.
J. W. LAYMANCF. C 32 Market st.
$10 CASH. BALANCE $5 MONTHLY.
AC* INTEREST.
NO INTEREST.
HO LSTEUCST.
~ NO TAXES.
SO TAXES.
NO TAXES.
TITLE PERFECT— GUARANTEED.
TITLE PERFECT— GUARANTEED.
muz -
IN BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY.
This offer is made to clos« up partnership
la -Inety lots.
These magnificently located lots ready to
build upon. Possession given tt once. Only
4*. minutes to Han Francisco; 20-mlnute ser-
vice; f-re 6c each way; station on the ground;
eu: rounded by nice houses: opposite the Im-
mense Pacific Ccast Lumber and Furniture
Company, alto other manufacturing estab.iah-
— , meets i'lving employment to hundreds o! peo-
Every lot win double In value before paid for.
Nothing can stop it; they are located in the
Stcwin£ section.
\u25a0
There are some very choice lott. First come.
Crs>t served.
Remember you only have $5 per month to
ray. .vo more: no lets: no Interest: no taxes;
you *a\ c frcm $50 to $ 75 per lot In Interest and
mxes -lone on every lot you buy upon these
terms.
The regular cash price of the lots Is $250
each: I sell them at the came price upon these
terms.
In the town cf Berkeley, one of the most
prosperous and growing cities around the bay;
*\«ry man should own his home, to be Inde-
pendent of rent day. to be better oft than SO
P«t cent of the people you know; real estate is
£&ftr than a bank; without an excection the
r.ien »ho have become wealthy have made It
in Jftal estate: land in this section "viil doub>.
nothinsr can stop- it: Carnegie says that more
larse fortunes have been made in real estate
values than lrom all sources combined: secure
a oataloKue of unsold lots; select choice loca-
tion -t once.
J. W. LAYMANCE. SOLE AGENT.
C 32 Market st.. room 10.
f ___Z__
" PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
LOTS IN THIS BEAUTIFUL DISTRICT
GOING RAPIDLT.
Adjoining Golden Gate Park and the Affil-
iated Colleges and extending from First to Sev-
enth Evts. Level stretch of fine lots. Street
\u25a0work til comDleted. including gas and water
ina:rs._ tidewalks sewere and bltumlntzed
street*.
The price* are all right — from $1500 up; the
values _re incrcasinc every day.
Terms are easy; cne-fifth down and balance
in one, two cr three years at 6 per cent.
Inquire; at Branch Office. >'.**.\u25a0•*
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Seventh aye. and H et.
E. M. LONG. Manager.
Oi>en Sundays and every day in the year.
$SCO DOWN and $35 p*r month will secure a
new residence of 6 rooms and balh; Tenth
aye., near the park. Sunset District; large
let; on the -unny side of street. Apply
branch office of BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Seventh aye. and H st.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. :
713 J_mee Flood Bldg., Powell and Market.
FOR SALE.
New 6 flats. 955 Page, st., Scott and De-
visadero; *price $16,000; income $156 60 per
mo.; terras $5000 cash, balance ""at « per. cent.
New 7-room residence, elegantly finished.
12«5_ 7th aye., bet. H end I sts.. Parnassus
Heights; rrice $6000; terras $1000 caeh. bal-
ance at € per cent. ,
Twn new flats. 5 and 6 rooms, 1278 7th
aye . bet. H and I -ts., Parnassus Heights;
prioe $7TJOO; terms $1500 cash, balance 6 per
cer.t. - -.'•
See the Building Construction Company If
you Intend to do any Installment building. We !
furnish free plans or bid on yours. I
BUY ONE BEFORE
THEY ADVANCE IN PRICE.
$1 25 TER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$225 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to school and Mission -st. electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine leu; n#_r Ocean boulevard; best
residence location south of Golden Gate Park;
these are the cheapest lots In thU district;
advancing In price rapidly. '
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
28 Montgomery st.. r. S. Phone Main C 704.
$1000 — Cash down, balance monthly at 0 per
cent interest, buys cottage. 0 rooms, bath;
lot 40 ft. frontage: street bltuminlzed drive-
way; »table; price $3000. See owner at
3297 Mission et.
FOR s-le — In good business locality, a cottage
of 5 rooms and bata, with stable and large
basement; suitable fcr dairy depot or fruit'
store. Box 8956. Call office.
riON'T build before Investigating Marshall &
Steams' patent fixtures for apartments and
cottages. Aronson bids.. &4 Third st.
EPECIAL*— 2 modern fiats In W»«tern Addl-
tlon; aiust cell. Call 332 Hyde st.
COTTAGE, 6 room*; barn, 8 stalls; will rent
seraratciy; newly papered; 120. 4029 2Cth.
FKEK — Our booklet on plumbing: write AHL-
RACH & MAYER, plumbers. 63*5 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and b*rt In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, tent to any address : In the
Unite- States or Canada on* year for $1.
potter* paid.
BL'RLINGAME REAL ESTATE.
ON a cold, focry day take a ride to Bur-
Ilsgame and note .the difference In climate.
You tvlll «ijoy the outing. A delightful place
clos* to the city. Beyond question the lots
we are otTerln- for sale directly at the sta-
tion are the b*« barK&inr In the market: big
lots. 50x150 and lanrer. for $450; terms $90
cash. $!<• monthly. Only a few lots left at
these lew prlceis. Office on grounds.
LYON & HOAG, 110 Montsomery st.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
OXE of San Francisco's most charming sub-
jils Is Mill Valley: it i.- eroding to fast:
we h_vc a few loth left In our tract right
at the station. commaiiuinK jrand view of
bay. and mountains; nomc.«re covered with
trees; all the streets are sewered: water
mains laid: prices range from $300 to $650;
terms 10 per cent cash. $10 monthly. Agents
en tract Sunday. LYON &• HOAG. 11«
MontroroeiT at
grandfather of Lcrena Richardson, . a native
of Indianapolis, Ind., aged 55 years 5 months
and 23 days. (Lafayette, . Ind., papers please
copy.)
ICFrlcnds and comrades of the G. A. R.
arc respectfully, invited to attend the funeral
. • (Thursday),' at !)\u25a0 o'clock a. -: ; m., from tho.
funeral' parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-22G Mc-
Allister street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cem-
etcr;v
BRENNAN — A requiem high mass of month's
. mind for the' reuose of the soul of the late
Father Brennan will .be celebrated In Mis-
sion Dolores Church to-day (Thursday), Au-
Eust 10, beginning at 10 o'clock. Clergy and
friends will j please accept this notification.*
BUJA— In Santa Rosa, Cal., August 3, 1005,
Micho, beloved son : of Mary and the ' late
Nicholas Buja, brother of Cora B. '• Maroe-
vlch, Mary B. Florinnlni. Virginia B. Belding
and ' Nicholas, Andrew and' the late George
Buja, a native of San Francisco. - aged 38
years.
n_rinterred Holy Cross Cemetery, Wednes-
day, August 9. -•-,•:;
CURTIN— In this city, August 9. 1005, Han-
nah, beloved wife of the late Michael J. Cur-
tin, and aunt of E. P. Barry, a native of
Kenturk, County Cork, Ireland, aged 70
years. (New York papers please copy.)
. E_~Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at • 8:46 a. m., from 'the funeral
parlors of J. C. O'Connor "& Co., 767 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Charles Borrpmeo's
Church, where a requiem- mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of ' her soul, commenc-
ing at 0:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery.- • *
DORMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
\u25a0 , August 9, 1905, Thomas Dorman, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 70 years. \u0084
ENCALADA— In this "city. August 9, 1905,
Augctln Encalada, beloved father 'of Frank
: Encalada, . a native of Chile, aged 86 years
11 months and 11 days.~
ENEMARK — Aboard transport Buford, August
7, 1905, George A., beloved son of Andrew
J. and Anna L. Eaemark. and brother of
Leon H. Enemark and Mrs. Joseph B. Law-
ler, a native of San Francisco, Cal., asred
23 years 6 months and 24 days.
C?" Notice 'of funeral hereafter.
FARMER— In Oakland, Cal., August 8, 1906,
Cella Fanner, a native of Scotland. A mem-
ber of Brooklyn Rebekah Lodge No. 12. I. O.
0.. F. •
FOSTER— In Livermore, Cal., August 8. 1905.
Captain Edward Foster, beloved husband of
\u25a0 the late Annie Foster, and father of Mrs.
. H. E. Osborn. Mrs. George W. Van Al-
sty»e and Edward, Elizabeth, Annie and
Arthur Foster, a native of Albany, N. V..
aged 70 years.
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Thursday, August
10, at 11 o'clock a. m., at the Odd Fellows'
Chapel,. Odd- Fellows' Cemetery, this city.
Please omit flowers. '\u25a0';!-,.
GREENE — In this city, August 7, 19C5, Hon".
- William Ellsworth Greene of Oakland, Cal.,
beloved father of Mrs. J. B. R. Cooper,
Mrs. Lathrop W. Jewett, Carlton W. Greene
•and Lawrence L. Greene, and beloved brother
of Abiathar A. Greene of Lynn, Mas».. a
native of Fai mington, Maine, aged OS years
8. months- and 23 days. • •
: - IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. Thursday, August 10,
at the First Congregational Church, corner'
of Post and Mason streets. In this city.
HASWELL— In this city, August 7, 1005,
Agnes Wanda, beloved daughter of Eugene
S. and Henriette Haswell, and eister of Mon-
ica and Repina Haswell, a native of San
Francisco, aged 16 years and 8 months.
!E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9:45 a. m., from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
between Third and Fourth, thence to St.
Patrick's • Church for services at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAWTHORNE— In San Francisco, August 7,
• 1905, Francis A., beloved father of James
A. and Lillian Hawthorne, a native of Mich-
igan, aged 47. years. A member of Oakland
. Tent of Maccabees No. 17, and a -member
of Local 577, Material Teamsters.
HINK — In Camp Riverside, Santa Cruz Moun-
tains Cal., August 8, 1905, Carsten J. Hlnk,
dearly beloved husband of Gretchen Kink,
devoted father of Claus Hlnk, and brother of
Martin, Claus and the late Henry M. Hink,
a native of Bremerwoerde, Germany, aged
34 years 7. months and 13 days. A member
' of San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, Brem-
orwoerde Vereln, Nord Deutscher Vereln and
: Gerir.ania Club.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), August 11, at 1:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister
street, thence to Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary
street, where funeral services will be held
under ; the auspices of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Vereln, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
! \u25a0 rla^e.
MATHEWS — In San Leandro, Cal., August 9,
JOCS, Mrs. Anne Mathews. beloved wife of
„ the late John Mathewe, a native of County
Meath, Ireland, aged 76 years.
McCULLY— In this city, August 9, 1905. Anae-
tasla, beloved wife of the late John McCully,
eister of the late Patrick Foran, and aunt
of - Winnie A. Foran, a native of County
Wexford, Ireland, aged 83 years 1 month
and 10 days, f
B-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). Autrust 11. at 8:30 o'clock a, m..
.from her late residence, 3181 Twenty-first
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, Alabama
and Twenty-fourth streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKERRON— In this city, August 8, 1905,
Alex J. McKerron, beloved son of J. A. Mc-
Kerron, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years.
E7"The funeral will take place Thursday,
August 10, at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1712 I/cavenworth street, thence
to St. UrlKld's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, CQ/nmen<»mg ati9:3O a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MICHAELSON— In this city, Auguet 8, 1905.
Fred Michaelson, ibeloved brother of Adolph
and Christian Michaelson. a native of Old-
enburg, Holstetn, Germany, aged 74 years
11 months and 1C days. A member of Red-
ding Lodge No. 271, I. O. O. F., Redding,
Cal.
CC?" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and EigJuh, until 0 p. m. to-day (Thursday).
Interment Redding, Cal.
MILLER— In this city, Auguet 8. 1905,. at St.
• Mary's Hospital,* Margaret, relict of the late
Captain H. L. Miller, and dearly "beloved
sister of Mrs. .M. C. Wilson of San Jose, a
native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
B_7"The funeral < will take place to-day
(Thursday), August 10, at 9 o'clock a. m.,
from the parlors of Carew. & English; 29
Van Ncsa avenue, thence to St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose \u25a0 of : her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Santa Clara, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.'.
MINNER— In this city. August 9, 1905, at 612
Second avenue, ,; Richmond District, Harold
F.. beloved son of William H. and Ellen
Minner, and beloved brother of Elizabeth,
Alice, Albert, Willis, Walter and Perry Min-
ner and Mrs. Harry Leech, a native of San
Francisco, aged 18 years 11 months " and
6 days. (Redwood City, Cal., and "New York
. State papers please copy.) - •
(C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. 1
POWELL — In this city, August 9, 1905, Sarah
Louise- Powell, wife of the ' late Abraham
Powell, mother. of Mrs. Frank A. . Leach and
James Henry, P. \u25a0 Florence, . Eva Paxson and'
L. Blanche Powell, and sister of Mrs. Fannie
Stanford of Oakland, a native. of Philadel-
phia, Pa., a_ed 75 years 9 months and ' 16
days.'
!(C7Frlends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully. invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August 12, ' at ' 1 p. m., from her
late residence, • 2590 Pine '.. street, corner .of
Scott. Interment private. \u0084
REG AN— ln this city. August 8, 1908, Martin
H.. .beloved husband of the late Theresa Re-
gan, loving father of Joseph 8.. James J. and
Thomas P. Regan and Mrs. A. Dolan. and
beloved brother \u25a0of the ! late Mary • Regan, a
native of County Rosconimon,~ Ireland, aged
55 years, and 10 months. A- member of the
Riggers' and Stevedores' Union, \u25a0 Local 222.
(New Havep, Conn., | papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and" acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a.\ m., from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 86« Mission
street, thence to .St. Brendan's Church.
'. where a requiem high mass .will be cele-
brated for the repose, of .his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery. ' ..• .'--.'; .... t
TAMM— At German Altenhelm, August 8, .1905,
John Traueott Tamm, : beloved husband of
Fredericke Tamm, and father Of Ernest F.
and Henry Tamm, Mrs. Gretchen Keppler
and Mrs. Daisy Hobel, a native of Germany,
. aged Brt years and 27 days.- ."..*.;
WEST— In the City and County Hospital, Au-
Kust 8. 1905, Emma West, a native of New
Zealand, aged 40 yeare. . \u25a0
• Plotain fritr O«m-t_rl«i
Token In Part F*ymea«
for Plot" La. ... ...
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY
1 504 MARKET STREET
Or at Cemetery.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY
; San Mateo : County. .... ;\u25a0'.';\u25a0
MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
\ 586 James' Flood Building. S.F.. Receipts" of \u25a0 Peaches l ana '. Bart le tt Pears In
bulk ; continued to ; diminish, and. although ' the
canners, were not ready, to resume : active ..buy
ing., the market for thoss descriptions presented
a relieved' appearance and there ; ? was :- eotn«
slight "improvement In prices of Peaches. Can
ners: and. . dryers were; bidding for Pears, "but
they did sot come up to the Ideas of dealers.
New York Grain and: Produce.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9— FLOUR— Receipts
15.102; exports, 17.152; quiet and partially
lower. Minnesota patents, '$5 25@fi 75,
WHEAT— Receipts. 46,000 bushels. Spot, Ir
regular; No. 2 red, 67% c elevator: and 88% c
t. o. b. afloat;. No ..l Northern Duluth, $11114
t. o,b. afloat. : A : generally firmer tone pre
vailed 'in wheat to-day.: due to some bull
ish European news, export inquiry and - fair
demand from shorts. - The • close waa steady
Foreign Futures.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
yew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— After a moderately
active day, in which prices were Irregular, the
market closed at a. net loes of about B, points.
The'bears were aided somewhat by the selling
of a prominent spot- houee, r^tiose private crop
reports indicate better conditions. Those who
believe in higher prices macre no effort to rush
the market up, but bought 'on -a scale. t _- The
bears are really bullish at heart and expect
higher prices later 'on. Good buying orders In
cotton are coming In from Wall street. They
are still pegging down the market a point at
a time, but Southern . spot markets . In the
meantime seem to be going the other way.
Reports are current of ! a newly formed big
bull pool accumulating' in cotton through vari
ous commission houses. • \u25a0 . -
Futures opened quiet. August, 10.55 c bid;
September, 10.61 - October, 10.7fic; November
offered, 10.84 c; December, >J 0.87c; January'
10.95 c: March, 11.04 c; May; 11.08 c.
Futures closed steady. August, 10.43 c; Sep
tember, 10.51 c; October,. 10.65 c; -November
10.69 c; December, 10.75 c; .January, 10 82c"
February, 10.84 c; March. 10.90 c; April, 10.02 c:
May. 10.95 c. < . ..
Spot closed quiet. = Middling uplands, 10.85c
middling gulf, 11.05 c. Sales, . 332 bales.
Batter, Cheese and Egfks.
The members of the new Dairy Exchange
met yesterday and chose tha following board
of directors: W. H. Roussel. Frank Brlgham,
H: P. Nye. J. Herold. Frank Norton, J. H.
Newbauer and Frank Harvllle. The board will
meet this morning to elect a secretary, and If
possible fix a date for the next meeting, i
The Butter market continues very tirm and a
•lißht advance is being obtained. The advance
is ~by no means unanimous and there is the
usual talk.' heard whenever the market goes up,
that the rise • will shut oft business and , result
In a decline - later on.
The advance In Cheese is maintained without
difficulty, and, . though there is plenty of oft
etock on the market/ fine mild new is scarce
and-flrm. rv^*"**'"-
The advance in Egg* I* enabling holders of
Eastern " and cold'- atorape goods • to sell these
descriptions at a profit, hence the market for
fresh ranclrls showing *a. tendency, to drag:.
Quotations show no further change.
Receipt* -wore '4&.500 lbs : Butter, 1164 cases.
Eggs and 1100- Ids Cheese. *
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 23^£@21c
for extras and 22023 c for I lower and" me.iium
p-a'den; dairy/ 2O@22c;' cola storage, 22@23c;
store : Batter, ae®l7 Jac: ,
CHEESES — Good- to choice mild- new, .l<m@
lie; common, S®9vfrc; Young Ameriuas. li@
ll%c; Eastern, H&lSe per lb. -
EdGS— Ranch, 30@Slc for largre white se
lected and :2T@29c for fair to good: cold stor
age.- 251?S!t)C; store Epks, 16@22Hc; Eastern
flrots, 20024 c; w?conds,-16@18c per, dozen.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. ».— Opening prices on the
Ftock Exchange to-day showed mixed gains
ard lose 1 ??: end moved in. contrary direc
tions in different parts of th« li6t throughout
•h» day. There vac scarcely a time when a
tone irec penreptible, so Irregular
• tnfl mlxert vat the mo\-ement- Here and there
in the lift new high records were made and
an active demand for one or two of the stand
ard msrket leader* relieved the trading from
Jt« appearance of being given over entirely to
the le*» prominent specialties. The strength
of th*s<? influential rtockr was obviously taken
advantage «-,f to effect sales of f realizing
profits «t different points. Some of "the less
conspicunu» shocks recently rushed to a great
height jirovfed soft asd made wide declines.
The volume cf dealings shrunk to seme extent
j»rt4 there were period* when the dullness wo
tnore intense than for a long time, but the
character of the account wa* not entirely
changed. £<Ilnc for inside account was only
evidenced an prices were bid up to meet the
if.ra* of 'holders of rtocks and It was when.
bi^s were withdrawn and quotations allowed
to Bag thet the dullness became most profound..,
The nfirs bearing on values was of the same
general tenor. *» for some time pa*t. and
s*rv»>a to keop «p th» spirit of the Industrial
coriSitifTC* which form the underlying basis
for' the firm undertone of the present market.
The actual ©p^ntn* of the pcac* conference at ]
Porltmcuth, N. H.. did not change the r»- j
ccrjtJy prevalent view of that event in the
financial d:«rict. which may be described -»s
orse cf eonMc'enc* In ultimate peace, but with
a fcouiervmtlvg reservation against posclbl»
ccmp'icatlrn*. It i» the^Beneral f»-eling. ne\-
erthc>s«. '-hat a rupture of negotiations and a
determination to continue the vrsr would j>re
clpitatr a hnzardour srlUia'.lon in the financial
rnarJccts. So far a? the fmmediate effect In
thi» market would b# ocnecrnsd. the determi
nation hr the Japanese Govtrnn-.ent of its Aif
pW.ticn of- the Urge funds on deposit here to v
*fc Tpfilt would be the prime factor. The «x
xf -ation that the Government report on the
prsin emp to be published to-morrow \u25a0will be
vm".- favcmbli* *\u25a0»!\u25a0 a *uetair:!nir Influence on
the ' izrr.ng+T% to-<!ay. £t. Paul also shorred.a
»-~06 t«txU ot lt« Jons camtags atatement !*-
Poultry and Game.
A car of Western Poultry was on sale, mak
ing the second handled thus far this weak, and
cleaned up well at steady prices. Receipts from
domestic shipping points were liberal, but trade
was quite active and desirable stock moved off
well at the old quotations. "
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 19@210 psr lb for
old ami 24@20c for young; . Geese, per pair,
iinWl 75; Goslings. $1 755F2; Ducks,. $3 50
hi per dozen for old and $4@4 50 for young.
Hens $4@5 for small and $5 50@6 for
larce' young • Roosters, $4 5056; old Roos
ters $4 ' 60fe5- Fryers. $304: Broilers. $2£3;
Pigeons. 81 25; Squabs. $1 50@l 75. ..v
GAME— Hare $1500175. per doien; Cot
tontail Rabbits, $1 5062 per dozen. \u0084
Xctt York Monex Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9. — Money on call,
eteady; highest 2 per cent, lowest 1%. ruling
rate 2: last loan, closing bid and offered, 1%.
Time loans, steady and dull: sixty days 2%
«?3 per cent, ninety days S^3%. blx months 3%
©4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, *@4%. \u25a0--- \u25a0
Sterling exchange, easy, with actual bus'.nes*
•n bankers' bl!!e at $4.5645^4.5C50 for demand
and at $454C5 for eixty-flay bills: poeted rates,
$4 £3% and $4 67%: commercial bllle. $4 £4%3
(Mi \u25a0'.;.',
Bar eilver. 59% c.
Mexican dol'.ars; 45% c.
Ooverr-ment bonds, easier; railroad bonds. Ir
r««rular.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chlcaero.
CHICAGO, Aug.. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 19.
000. Market Blow to 10c lower. Good to prime
eteers, \u25a0$5 65@-5 90; poor Jo medium, $3 75<?53;
stockers and feeders, $2 20<®4; cows. $2 40®
4 40; heifers, «$2 25®5; canners, $1 25@2 30;
bulls, $2 40@4; calves, $3@7; Texas fed Bteers,
$3 5004 85: Western steers, ?3 50®4 75.
\u25a0 HOGS— Receipts : To-day, 20,000; to-morrow,
21,000..- Steady- to 5c higher- earlier, but ad
vance '• lost. Mixed and butchers, $5 55@0 20;
good to choice heavy, $5 95@0 20; rough heavy,
$5 60415 S3: light, $5 730-6 25; bulk of sales,
$5 80(38 13. -
SHEEP— Jtecelpts. 20.000. Steady. Good to
choice wethers. $4 55@5: fair to choice mixed,
$^@4 50; Western sheep, $4®4 85: native
lambs. $5157 15: Western lambs, $5 75@7.
Kansas City. s . " .
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
10,000. Steady 'to a \u25a0 shade lower. Native
steers, $3 75®5 50; native cows and heifers.
$1 75(34 90; stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 33:
bulls, $2 15@3 25; calves, $3 50<g-5 75; Western
steers, $3 35@4 90; Western cows, ?2®4. -
HOGS— Receipts. 5000. Strong to 5c higher.
Bulk of sales. $6@6 07% i heavy. $5 95® 6;
packers. $6@6 10; pigs and light. $C®6 lo.
SHEEP — Receipts* 4000. Strong. Market
ewes, $125@5 25; lambs, $5 23®<> 75; range
wethers, $4 253-5 25; fed ewes, $3 75@4 00.
Ornnha. \u0084
OMAHA. Aug. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 5000.
Steady. Native steers, $3 75@3 25; co.ws and
heifers, $2 70@425; Western . steers, : $3@4 50;
Texas steers. $2 76<53 25; cows and heifers,
$3@3 25; canners. $1 50<©2 50; etockers and
feeders, $2 23-54 25; calves,. $3@« 50; bulls and
stage, $2 25@3 75. •
HOGS— Receipts, 7200. Market Be higher.
Heavy, $5 So©s 90; mixed, $5 Ss®s 90; light,
$5 86®5 95; pigs, $4 75@5 50; bulk of sales,
$5 8565 90. . • ,: ' V •
SHEEP— Receipts, 100. SteaSy. Westerns,
$4 So@s 10; wethers, $4 25®4 76; ewes. $4©
4 50; lan-.bs. $6 25@3 75.v ",>/.;,;. -
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the; butter market was weak.'
Cream, 17@20c; dairy. 16@18%c. Eggs, steady
at mark, cases included, 15% c; firsts, 17c;
prime firsts, 18 % c; extras, 21c. Cheese, \u25a0 steady
to firm, ll@ll%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 7l£@7}4c; "Wool Bags.
27<g."Uc- Fleece Twine, • 7%c; Fruit Bag*.
6};@7c. -
COAL — Wellington, $8 pjr ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle, $6 51,: ' Bryant," $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,- $5 SO;
Richmond. . $S ; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks : FennsylTanla Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh- Lump.
$11 60; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke. $11 30<g13 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
Harrison's circular says: "Since tbe steam
ship Sierra left, there have been the" fallowing
deliveries of coal from Newcastle. : N. S. W..
viz: Martha Roux. 25C0 tqns; La Perouse; 2SflO
tons; La Tour d'Auvergne, 2930 tons r- total;
8290 ton*. There are a very few names of yea
eels being added to the coal loading' list.i n
Australia, which -at \u25a0 present foots up twent y
vessels, with a carrying capacity of about
55,000 tons. A large portion of this list will
not be due here before the end. of- this jrlar.'
The total coal arrivals for July this year
amount to 35.155 tons; for the same month last
year they amounted to 55.234 tona, showing a
very marked shinkage. Business in the fuel
line is very dull and prices remain unchanged,
but' rales are very light. The spring weather
now prevailing materially reduces . the con
sumption for household purposes, and .'fuel oil
is the principal factor in furnishing steam re-t
qulrements. Labor- troubles at some -of th«
collieries In British Columbia still . exist, al
though an early, settlement' ls promised ;> th«
market prices here have not been disturbed, as
the other sources from which we derive our
British Columbia* supplies are ample, to keep
our market. hers fully provided for. Outward
grain " freights are not showing any. improve
ment: this will serve to deter coal loading ves
sels from seeking this port for profitable . busi
ness, unless they should receive generous com
pensation for the carriage of the coal, which
at present Is Improbable, with the present con
dition of our. market." " \u25a0 \u25a0 .- ,
\u25a0 OILS — Quotations are for -barrel*:- for cases
add sc; Linseed. 64c per gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; Castor OIL in eases. No.- <l.7Dc;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 14f?l 16: Lucol, . 50c for
boiled and 54c for raw; China Nut. cases. 650
SOc per gallon: Coeoanut Oil. tn barrels, ,sic
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm -Oil, 6-Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter "Whale
Oil 65c; natural Whale Oil. 60c: extra, winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard OH,, 65c.
pure Neatefoot Oil.* 75c: No. 1 Neatafoot Oil.
57% c: Herring OH. 45c; Salmon Oil. 34c; laoiled.
Fish Oil. 35c; raw Fish Oil. 85c: Paint Oil; S3c.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water WbitV
Coal; Oil, in. bulk., lie; Pearl Oil. In. ca?es,
17^c: \stral. 17& c: Star.K^c; Extra Star,
20% c; Elaine, 26c; Eocene.. 18i£c; Stove Oa.«o-
Hne, iniullC 14*ic; in cases.-21e: Motor Case
line, in bulk. 14>4c; in cases. 21c: No. 1- Ear
gine D'sfUlate, iron barrels or drums. BCr N4 '
2 do. CVi"; «asea. -6H<s more; Benzine, la bulk.
12% c: cafes. 19o; 8«-degree Gasoline. In. bulk.
25c; in cases. 31c. \u0084 . ;.
TURPENTINE — 83c per gallon in cases 'an'i
77c in druma and « iron barrels. '• - . • •
RED AND WHITE LEAD-^-Red Lead, 7 U©
go per, lb; -White Lead. 7ij©Sc. according to
quantity.- .„- \u25a0• \u25a0•.'-»->.'•
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Reflning Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 10rt-lb bazs:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.20 c;
Powdered. 5.C5c; Candy Granulated. 5.05 c: Dry
Granulated, fine.- 4.95 c: Dry Granulated, coarse
4.95 c; Fruit -Granulated. 4.95 c; \u25a0 Beet Granu
lated-(100-lb bags only). 4.55 c: Confectioners'
A. : 4.95 c: Magnolia A, - 4.55 c :: Extra C.*" 4.i3c-
Golden C, 4.35 c: ;'D.". 4.25 c: barrels. 10c more
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c moje.-'RO-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrel*. : 8.430: .toxeB.TB.Tocj :& *~E. " O»sua-
Unlisted Securities.
V, MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ,'
. ; - Bid. Ask. - \u25a0 BIJ.AA.
Bay CTC 65.10«%107% SF DrydH 6..U3 ,:\u25a0-_;
B L Wat ea.113 — SF &NP Cs-UOUlim
Cal SW 5*..U1 — »p C R 45.»5 —
M C Wat ss. — 114 'Sun Tel 65...1HU —
OkT Con 35.1C5 1C3%) Do 3s .111%U2%
Rls T-WSS33.TOI — fsiittr-st Ris.lOS 110
<' " . MI3CELLANHOUS STOCKS. :
Ala 8 C 0... 23% 25 Mat Xar Co. 115. — —
Cal Cot Mils S2 ' — , Mills Nat 8k.300 ' -i.-
Cal G&ECor. 61% 65 NS R R Co. — . 12H
C Jockey 0.120 — N Cal P Co. 9U, »2
Cal Powder .l 73 j — Oak Bk 3ar.145 — :
Cal Ship: Co. — . 25 lOOF Hall A •«%\u25a0—"
Car T 1 •&. T — 142% Orphmlm. Co. — • lfl'i
Cen Bk. Oak — 67 V. PacC Caa Cal37 140-
Chntes Co .. — 5 . Pac Sur Co.. — 120
City &C8k.107%U» Parar Paint. 90 w
Cyp lillnp.. — - « 3-F DrydrxA — : I*
DptPwd pfd. r B3 90- 3F & SJCoal. S3« -r
Do com ..70 — S Jose Wat.. 103X4 —;•
! FN' Bk. 0ak.120 — SO & MTxbt.l23 — .
: Fischer Thtr — 1H Swlss-A 8k^.125 -i i
Oas Con A. 19 20% Truck Elect.. 1434 — ,-
Hono P Co.. — \u25a0 38 Union S Co.. — ' &g i' :
Do old pool — 38 W-Fargo 8K.2C3 —•' —
- r.i SALES, .{\u25a0;
; , . Morning Session;
Board — . :"\u25a0 . " . . ."w*-'.
10 Cal' Gas & Elect C0rp....^..^ 80 «> 1
40 Cal Gas- & Elact C0rp......-.*, 61 CO "
' ' -30 Cal Gaa & Elect Corp:. .;.•.„• •6J30 \u25a0' "
$4,000 Bay Counties Power 65 .-..,. ;MC6 M- •
$1.000 8 P Coast Ry 45.,. -.-... i.i;.,. 9g t» -j
' California Stock and* Oil \u25a0 Kichan««. . :
\u25a0 Oil «tbcks-l ; .' ' •;.". Bldi • 5 Asked.
Apollo ..j...... 20
Asso^ OU Stk: Tr. sCer: 33 • -57 ;
Aztec .. , 160" - '.;.i \u25a0
Calltornia-Stairaard ............ .35 \u25a0\u25a0--\u25a0\u25a0 ? : ' '
Central Point C0n..., ;.. '....;. I 00-- ' "• '\u0084 ;*i
Chicago ..Crud« .\u25a0.....:-......•.. 35- : .;.. '
Clarsmont -...'. '.'.;...... 75
Forty 43 - • 40 :
roue -.•....::.-,.\u25a0,:;.-. 45 : -. • \u25a0- -•
Giant ........V..;....-.;.; - .".. g(> .; , \u25a0•• \u25a0'.•
H6mft%... ...'.'....:.....• V. 30 " 52 V
Illinois Cruda .'....;. '.. .... ' 2X> '
Independence .-....-' 2« "•' 2T '
Jnnctlon - %%'. .. .: .
Kern .\.. -...; 12I». •
Kern (new) ..,-,'<."..,...«......;.... ' 30.'
Kern River .'.... ' It 00 '
McKlttricte .:-.:........:..... '-t9 - » ;..."--
Monte Crlsto -...•.....\u25a0.. . '. . . : . ' £0 - •-. 82U
Occidental of W. Va. ......... 62 -. ;'; 08
Oil City Petroleum ....'....:,• : 60 «5
' Petroleum Center <...... '.:.•\u25a0 \u25a0 '05
I Reeo", Crude 2A . ......
s. f. *& iTcKittrtck ....;...;\u25a0.•..: * 3 00 • >
Senator 1 €O. ....;•
Stertlnff ..;:... ."... 1 80>. ; 190:^
Superior *. 05. C«
Thirtythree M .«..,.V1 CO, .« 00 •
Tolt« 80- -." .... ;
Twentx-elght \u0084..«.. 14 CO--.
Wabash... ".. ,40
OntraPLlght & Power. .4 tZ# « S7H
- • BAUE9.: • \u25a0• " • '.-:
:: - •\u25a0• \u25a0 Afternoon Session. **'". •')
300 Four on .v .-.....- :—: — 4a
TO) Home Oil ?:.-'.-.. ..:.\u25a0-\u25a0. ...••..\u25a0.".-:". 30
ICO Monte Crlsto Oil .. ...1... .-,... 82H
850. Occidental' OU ....^^ 02 -
' "• -\u25a0\u25a0 " Mining ; Stortca. \u25a0 .-\u25a0.?\u25a0 . ;
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
.Following were- the sales on th« San Fr?n-
Cisco Stock and Exchange vßoardv Board yesterday:
' 9:30 a. m. Session — Comstocks.
3CO" Andes 17| 400 Savage .;.....' 51
ICO Chollar-. MJ 2CO Seg Belcher... ;C7
20<> Confidencs ... 9*J 400 Silver Hill::.. " .92
16© • Overman-' '..:~- 12( ICO Yellow Jacket. .19
<13;BB. Informal -Session — Coma tacks. , *
100 Andes : : ...... lTr 100 Onhlr ....... 87 U
2CO' Andes '....... 1«; 100 Overman i..;. ;12
- -Continued on Pa** - 1-t* -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was a marked falling off in the re
ceipts of Potatoes, but there was no improve
ment in prices, there being enough carried-ovcr
stock on hand to meet all requirements.
Onions were plentiful, but steady, with a
moderate movement reported in shipping chan
nels
The 'feature of the vegetable market was the
sudden rise in Tomatoes. Low prices ruled at
the opening, as dealers -wore expecting the
usual heavy dose from the river districts, but
it soon became known that there was an actuaL.
scarcity and holders promptly doubled their
asking prices. A few boxes came In from
across the bay and sold at $1 per box. The
other vegetables were generally, weak and
prices of some descriptions ranged lower.
POTATOES— Early Rose. . 40@50c per ctl:
wviitp 40©65 c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, Ssc®
Slp-r ctl; Garnet Chiles. 40@55c per ctl: Sweet
P^^^^WnPer ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3®4c per lb;
Ftrlng and Wax. Beans. s(g 6c per lb: Lima
Beans 7<9Sc P« r lb: Tomatoes. 40@S5c per
box- Summer Squash. 35®50c per box; Cucum
bers' 20(g30c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, nom
iniil: Cabbage.- 70c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per
sack- Garlicf 3@4c per lb; Egg Plant. ' 75c$*l
uer box- Green Peppers, 60®75c per box for
Chile and Tsc@*l for Bell; Green Okra, $I@l 25
t *r box; Green Corn, 75c®Jl 60 per sack and;
$125®150 ;>er crate. ... ....
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Cash quotations were
an follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 red wheat,
82% - No. 2 corn. 54% c; No. 2 yellow, 55% c;
No 2 oats, 2C%c; No. 2 white, 27%@27%c;
No 3 white. 20%®27%c; No. 2 rye, 57% c:
good feeding barley, 38©42 c; No. 1 flaxseed.
Si- 10 - No. 1 Northwestern, $1 2i>; prime tim
othy eeed, $3 20@3 25: mess pork, per barrel,
$14 15Q114 20; lard, per 100 pounds $7 C 5; short
ribs sides (loose), $8 30@8 40; short" clear
sides (boxed), $8 sO@B 7o; whisky, basis of
high wlr.es. $127; clover, contract grade.
$12 5C@l2 75.
Article^— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32,500 23.100
Wheat, bushels 509,000 159,000
Corn, bushels 310.000 530,480
Oats, bushels .'. 564,700 201.800
Rye, bushels 8,000
Barley, bushels 26,400 2,200
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale 'rates from slaughterers to dealers
aTe as follows: \u25a0 .-.-.•
BEEF — i%65%c for Steers and 3%@4%c p«r
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6®7c; email. B@9%c per rb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%®7%e; Ewea, 3e«%c
per lb. • : r '.- 1
LAMB-^@S%c per lb. ....
PORK — Dreseed Hogs. 6%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.' !
The following quotations -are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 4QO
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: - •
CATTLE — Steers, 5%@6c; Cowb and-Heif
ers, 4©4% c •• \u25a0 \u25a0 ' '-- !
CALVES — 3%@4c per lb (gross wtlght). ;
SHEEP— Wether*. 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3@3Ho
per lb (gross weight). .
LAMBS— S2 .75®3 per head. \u0084
HOGS — Live Hogs. 130 to 200 lbs. 3%©6 c:
over 200 lbs, 5%55%c; Feeders, nominal; Sows,
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from'abov* quotations—
Beans -and Seeds.
There is !no further change in Beans or
*eeds, but quotations for Dried Peas show some
alteration. - .
BEANS— Bayos, $4@4 50; Pea. $3«?3 50;
Butter. $2 50@4; small White. $3 25@3 75; large
White $2 60<g2 90; Pink, ?1 5C®2 50 for fair
to good and $3 25©3 75 for choice; Red, $3 50
67- Lima. $5 5u35 05; Red Kidneys, $334 30;
Blackeyes, $3®3 25 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 255? ii. •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 50@3 75; Yellow
Mustard nominal; Flax, $2 23<ff2 75; Canary,
6%c- Alfalfa, 10©He for California, and 12@
13c for Utah; Rape, 2%®3%c; Timothy, nomi
nal-Hemp. S%c per lb; Millet, 2%@3%c;
Broom Corn Seed. $20«?21 per.-ton.
DRIED" PEAS— Niles, $175®2 25; Green
Peas, $2@2 25. - . . .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Conditions exhibit no farther variation.- Late
mail reports from New York say of Hops:
"Advices from the coast reported sales of 400
bales WasWngtfcrr and Oregon medium to good
brewing Hops at 164r17c. and -prime to choice
grades were quoted firm at IS§IS%C. The lo
cal market continued firm at quoted prices,
v.-ith a 'steady demand from brewers. No new
"developments in the crop situation w*ro re
ported." ' \u25a0 .
A local house says of Wool: "So far but
few arrivals of fall Wools have reached the
market and prices are not established.. The
outlook is that a' good, quick and clean business
will be done in fall clips when' prices are .set
tled. Current trading Is quiet, as there are no
largo stocks of Wqpl of any . description on
hand, the market being about as closely cleaned
up at this time of the year as ever remem
bered in the history of the trade." •
HIDES AND, SKINS — Culls and brands s«ll
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 12c; medium. ll%c: Ilghc~llct-Cow
Hides, lie for heavy and lie for'llgnt;
Stags. S%c: Salted Kip. lie; Salted Veal. -12c;
Salted Calf. 12%®13c; dry Hides, 19% c; dry
Kip. 17c; dry Calf, 22c; Sheepskins. sfcearUnss,
25@. r oc each; short Wool. sC@9oc each- medium,
90c@$l 25; long Wool. $1 25@2; Horse Hides,
ealt. $3 25 for large and $2 75 for medium.
$2 25 for small and 50c " for Colts.: :- Horse
Hides, dry, $1,7502 for . large and $1 50 .for
medium, $1 for small and 30c for Colts. Buck
Skins — IJry Mexican, 30c: dry salted Mextcan.
25c; dry Central American, 30c. Goat Sklns^ —
Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do,- $1 23;
large, 50c; medium. 50c; small, 33c
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4@r4'ic per lb;
No. 2 3@3%c; Grease, 2@2%c ..'.
WOOL— S.prlng clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 28630 c. Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs,,
free. 17©19 c; do, defective.' 15@18c per lb. •'
HOPS — 1904 crop, 13@18c per lb; 1805 crop,
14® 15c. . . \u25a0 • -..-\u25a0 . -
Hay and FcedsAiffs.
Bran and middlings are quoted firmer, but
no higher. . The situation in Hay shows no
change. The circular of Somers & Co. says:
"Them seems to be but little diminution in
hay shipments, for the total for the week just
ended shows 5200 tons, which is but 400 tons
less than for the week preceding. The hay
tracks and hay wharf are etlll badly blocked
with hay and it still, continues to be a case of
insufficient team facilities. Dally arrivals have
been averaging about 1000 tons and we do not
think that all the hay wagons in town can
haul more than 700 or 800 tons per day. It
can readily be seen that shipments must of
necessity be lessened for a while to enable us
to clean up a bit.
"There is nothing new in the way of outside
demand, so that the -situation has not been
relieved in any way. The strictly fancy grades
of wheat are doing well,** but other varieties
Are if anything a bit lower than last week."
Tame oat hay, most of which shows at least a
little rust, doee not seem to be In as good de
mand as it was two or three weeks ago. In
fact, there Is no activity of any kind to the
market and matters have resolved themselves
down to the. simple proposition of unloading
oars and boats at the best price po&eible, which
of course means continual concessions In prices
In order to effect sales," ' *
BRAN I—s2l1 — $21 50@22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *2U@2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— S23@24. per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. ?21 50®22 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $33 50@34 .50 - r jobbing.
$35- Cocoanut Cake-at-mill, $~21i22 SO; jobbing-,
$23; Cocoanut Meal" at mill, $22@22 50; jobbing,
&23; Corn Meal. $30@30 50; Cracked Corn.
S3O 50031;" Mixed Feed, $22 50@24; Horse
Beans $30@40 per.tpn; Broom Corn Feed.- 90c
per ctl; Calfalfa'Meal. carload lots, $21; job
bing. $22 50 per ton; Mealfalfa. ?1S in car lots
and $20 for smaller quantities, •'. . \u25a0 ;
HAY — Wheat, $7@13 50; Wheat and Oat.
$6<Sl2 50; Oat, $6<gll; Barley and Oat, $6 50®
9 50- Barley, $C@9; Volunteer .Wild Oat. $5@7;
stable. $ti@S: stock, $5@6; Clover. $7®10; Al
falfa. $G<gy per ton.
STRAW— 3O<g5Oc per balo.
Provl.ilon*.
The market continues firm, but dull, and
quotations stand .is before.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per 1b for
heavy. 12c for lfgftt medium, 13% C "Tor tt&iU
14c for extra light and 16@17Hc for sugar
cured: dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies, \u25a0 ll%c:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. I3*i©l4c: Califor
nia Hams 12^<gl3c; Mes» Beef. $9 50 p«r bbl;
extra Mess. $10; Family. $11: prime Mess
Pork, $14; extra clear. $19 30; M«S3, $17 30;
Pig Pork. $22; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef.
14.: per lb. ..".".-...;
LARD— Tierces quoted at sJic per. ,1b for
California compound, "c for. Eastern compound
and 9%c for pure; half barrels., pure. v%c;
10-lb tins, lOiic: 5-lb tln». W%o; 3^-lb fins,
COTTOLEXE— One half barrel. SUe: three
half barrels, S^c; one tierce. Se; two tle,rces,
7%c; five tierces, 7*ic per Ib. • • ' \u25a0
Future. Grain and Provision*.
CHICAGO Aug. 9. — Rumors of damage to
the Russian crop developed strength in th»
wheat market here to-day. The September de
livery closed %<S'%c up. Corn and oats are
practically unchanged. Provisions are up 7%
@17V>c.
Wheat had a firm undertone throughout th»
entire session, but the volume of trading was
small. September opened unchanged at 82 %@
82% c. The initial firmness was chiefly due to
higher prices at Liverpool in the face of a
decline here yesterday. Russian newspapers,
according to a British authority, are advocat
ing the prohibition of wheat exports. This
agitation coupled with news of a bullish char
acter from Indiana, was said to be responsible
for the unexpected advance at Liverpool. On
the other hand, weather in the Northwest
was almost perfect for harvesting, and there
was a continuance of liberal receipts at pri
mary points. The bulls gained some encourage
ment from a favorable report of damage to the
crop in North Dakota. The. principal demand
came from shorts and commission houses. Of
ferings were not large. For September the
highest point of the day was reached at S3%c.
The market closed firm, with September at M
653% c
Fresh reports' from Illinois of damage by
hot dry weather caused a firm tone in the
corn market. The market \u25a0 closed .steady. Sep
tember cpened %@%c higher at 53%@53%c,
sold off to 63%®K%c ™» cloeed at 53V40
53% c. Total receipts . were 209 cars with 07
° Oa^s^vas firm. September opened unchanged
to %c higher at 2U%«p%c and held within
the opening range, closing at 2t>%c. Local re-
Ce proviPlons were strong on active support
from packers. The market was Influenced by
liberal shipments of hog P™ i ™tß* t J h l£<£?
September pork was up 15@1<%c at $14 20.
Lard was up 10c at $7 70. Ribs were 7%@l»c
h ' Estimated 5 Receipts for to-morrow: Wheat
232 cars, corn 57 cars, oats 312 cars; hogs
27.000 head. •\u25a0'"\u25a0''\u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0 , ' ' •
The leading futures ranged as follows.^
Articles— Open. High. . Low/ Close,
Wheat No. 22 — 5 .„» _
September ;. 82% - 83%-, *£&'-\u25a0\u25a0**s
December... B*Wr 84%' 83% W»
May, 56% 87 80% 86%
SeSSn'b^ .f~'Ai*-;; ' Mtt 53% 63%
Sept.. new „ 53% 53% • 53% 63%
December ... 4jJ 45% 47% 4^6
Dec. new ... 45% 45% 45% 4j>%
May «% 45% 45% .45%
Se2rembe'r".:~2e% ••»»•-'•»*"
December... 27% 27%- 27% .27%
May 29% ; 29% 29% # 29%
Mess Pork, per barrel — .
September ..14 10 14 22% 14 10 14 20
October ....14 10 14 22% 14 10 14 22%
Lard, per 100 nounds—
September .. 7 62% 770 7 62% 7 70 (
October ....772% 7 77% 7 72% 7 77%
Short Ribs, per 100 pourids—
September . . 8 32% 840 8 32% 810
October ....8 42% 8 47%, 8 42% 845
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR— Callforaja Family Extras, <4 So#
5 10, usual terms;" Bakers' Extras, |4 7C@5;
Oregon and Wasnington, Jobbing at $is* 60
per bbl.
FARINACEOUS "GOODS— Prices in packages
are as follows: Graham Flour,, s3 25 per ICO.
lbs; Rye Flour. ,$3 75; Rye Meal,.? 3 50;. Rice
Flour, $8; Corn Meal, $2 75; extra Cream do,
$3 75: Oat Meal, $4 25®4 50; Oat Groats, $i 50;
Hominy, $3 75® 4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 00®
4 73; Cre-cked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$6 50@7 50; in sacks, $6@7; Pearl Barley, -^8;
Split Peas, boxes $5 50; Green Peas, (5 50 per
"TuO lbs. . . .'
.' -. WEDNESDAY. August 9—2 P-.,.nu .
' " INCITED STATES -BONDS." "'" *;
- Bid. Aak.T • Bid. Ailr. '
4s qr c0up.. 104 104%! * s qr cp newM32 132\
4s qr r*g...lC4. 10t',!3s qr coup. ..103^10.;%
MISCELLANEOUS BOND 3. ' t
Ala A W ss. — — JOkT Con 3s. ICO • —
Asso Oil ss. 93% 85 (O W gtd 5«. — *•
Bay CPC 3s. 107 1, — j Oceanic S 5« 6& •»©
Cal C G 65.1C3% — Om Cable 6s. 121 121 «4
Cal G & E g Pac G lm 4s. 04% 97%
m& ct ss. 95 OS PE Ry 35. 112 112 V 4V 4
Cal-st C ss.lll%lia%!^Pac L&P 55.10 l }0S
C C Wat 59.101 — P& C H ea.102% —
EdL &"P 65.124% — P& O R 65.110 —
F<t C H 65.116 . — Pawell-st-.S». — —
Geary-st 55.. 5O co Sac EG&R3s.lOB%,>—
H C&S 3%5.107% — 3F & 5JV'33.120% —
Do 5s 107% — SF.Ok& SJsa.llt 111«4
Hon R T 6*.105»a — ' Sierra R . 6». 112 KM*
LA Elec Ss. — — Is P. of A 6*. \u2666 .
LAG &E1 ss. — VH <190O) .....lffT : — ' \u25a0
LA Ry 35..119 — ( t!910>;. .. .193 • —
LAL gtd 35.1C3 — S P of C«s •• \u25a0
LAP lexn 58.112% — (19C3)Sr B. — —
LAP C SS..ICS w- <19C6) 104 —
M2«:st C 6«.113% — (1912) ..... — 11514
• Do lem 55.115%116 S?C 1 eg- 3A.117 -t
MVA MtT3s.lOs — S P B R 6s. 135% — .
NR of C 65.103U — S V Wat 6s. 104% —
Do 5« 120% — H Do 4s 2<3m.100 _
NP C R 65.104%103% D© 4s 3dm.lort\i —
N c RySs.. — utm Do « mtjrte—- • — "
N C P C S«. 98%100%'&tkn G&EM. 9S - — *
O CL4H Ss.lOyVUlO |U C 4 E 39.104% ' — "
Oak T Co 6s. 119% — [UR of SP 4». 81% HH
Do 5s ..r. — 112%| VaJ co P Ss.IO3%'—
WATER STOCK 3.
Contra Costa 41 *1 %£ Port Costa. „. — «S
Marln C 0.... 55 — Is. V Wat Co. 37 . ST!4
. . GA3 AND ELECTRIC. : -. .,
Cent L & P. 4% 3 | Pac h C 0 . . .. 63»i —
Martel Powr 1% I%:S F G & E. 6«% —
Mutual EL. 13 13%[stkn G& E. 3 —
INSURANCE. . "
Flrem's FnxJ.323 .— f ..' r:
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl 8k..127%131 t. P& A — 160
Anglo~Cal ..S3 — Mer Trust... .210 24»
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex.... 55 —
Cal Safe- Dp.ISG 160 & F National — 160
Frst Nationl.3Cs 320 - -
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2320 — [Say & L So. . — 100
Hum Say Bk — — [Sec Say 8k..393 —
Mutual Sav.lC2%loe lUnlon T C 0.2700 3300
6 F Sar U. 630 — ]
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..210 — [PresWio 29% 41
Geary — 40 | .
. • Pi>WDER.
Giant Con ..71 72 |
: SUGABL. .
Hawaiian C. 53% — jMakawell C. 3«V% 36%
Honokaa SC 16 l«%!Onomea S C/ 30% 3ti<
Hutch- S P C 14% 14%|Paauhaa S C 22% 23
Kllauea SC. 4 5%| -- . *
» • \u25a0 MISCELLANEOUS
Alaska P A. SS% 88%i Oceanic S Co 5 5U
Cal FCA. — 101 I Pac Aia FA. 4 *
Cal A. — sa%(Pae C 80rx.132% —
MV& MtTm. — — ; fpae S TerC<xlol% —
, . ' SALES.
Morning Session.'
.'•'\u25a0- Board — " " •
. : ICO Alaska Packers' Association... S3 23
5 Mutual Electric Light W 87*4
5 Mutual Electric .U«ht. ...^... 13 75
100 Paauhau S P Co... ..;...,..:..-«.• 22 73.
S3 S P . Ga» * Eleetfie...i...-...-«S 001 "
..7A.S.F. Gas & Electric .»... «7>T3
- 20 S F Gas & Electric, b 5 ;. «S 00
10 Sprirg Valley Water Co ,37 23
$6,000 United R R of S F i» .f 91 *>5
: \u25a0 Street—
$7,000 S P of Ari3ona <1909) 107 12 Vi
Afternoon Session.
! Board — \u25a0 "* ' '". * '.' ;
-'15 Alaska Packers" "Asscclatlon... 83 Ctr'
10 Alaska Packers' Association... S8 87%
15 Alaska Packers' Association... 88 75
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar.*.... $5 50.
15 Oceanic S S Co., 5 0©
20 Pac States Tel & Tel C 0..... .101 75
132 S F Gas & Electric... ,- us 00
80 S.^F Ga» & Electric 68 25
SI.OCON P C R R 5s .!. 105 0O
$2. CCO Spring Val Wat gen mtge 45.. 97 82*4
: . : - Street — . r
*15.C00 Spring Val Wat 4» (3d mtsre). .10<> 37 1,
IIOI.OCO United R R of 3 F t 0...... n 25
ture Market.
Wall Street Very UullUh on the Fu-
The New York «s»rculars of the two well-
houst-s of J. S. Bache & Co. and Henr>
Clews give ths following rosy views of th«
jrrbab.e future cf the stock market:
J. is. Eachc & Co. — Much more interesting
and ot greater significance than movements of
prices were reports of earnings of several of
the principal companies. Pennsylvania for
June showed an unexpectedly large increase la
gross, amounting to *l,cyo.i'Oo; th« small de
crease in net wu not unlooked for. as the
company is again charging heavy btttermera
outlays to operating expenses. The reports ot
Chesapeake and Ohio and Norfolk and West
ern for the riscai year were by all means the
k>eft en record, showing earnings of 4 per cent
and 7 \<er cent, respectively, on stocks. Ca
nadian Pacific and Southern Railway have
Just closed the moat prosperous years in tluir
Matorjr. Ijacitawanna in the first six months
of the current year earned 31 per cent, or at
the rate of 02 per cent per annum on the
$2C.€oo,<joo stock. Atchlscn's yearly statement
vas a poor one by reason of unprecedented
floods in its territory, but in spite ol a $3.u00.-
C>Cx> decrease in net the common stock earned
nearly 7 per cent. These reuorts of enormous
irafric and earnings are such as to be of ex
tivme importance in molding public opinion
to appreciate at their true value the standard
railroad shares. In the long rua it is earnings
and dividend* that make prices, and the con
clusion is inevitable that with excellent crops
assured the standard shares will eeek a hlgbei
irvel of jxices.
Ir.duttiials in tbe late trading cf the week
rvpre active and In better strength than the
:^::ro£d«. scoring an average gain/of 1.21 P?i
cent, against .57 per cent tor the latter. The
**- tare of the actual trading was the strong
"""• • Icrtosa on the decline, the excellent charac
¥:r. of the buying on receseions and the abeo-
T.'.e failure of the bears to dislodge lon*
Block.
Stc-el issues continued strong throughout tho
week and what lltths chanre in the steel trade
toe* place was in the way of increased activ
ity. Advances in the equipment companies'
t-iiares reflected an increased volume of orders,
either actually placed or in eight, and thi&
Improvement Sn turn was reflected in a better
market for steei plates. Conservative esti
n;&tes pace the Steel Corporation's earnings
for July a.t a little over $11,000,000. or nearly
equal to the July figures of 13C2 and 1803. >"••
gotiations for the purchase of 8000 acres ol
coal lands from the Pittsburs Coal Company
cali attention anew to the £ar-*eeing policy ot
the company In adding to its already heavy
holdings At least two years of prosperity
ere In eight Tor the steel companies, and this
fact the present price of Bfcares ha« by no
rri-ans discounted
Copper shares remained rather dull' through
out the \u25a0week, although the .metal advanced
He a jK>und and heavy ealee of Lake copper
were reported at lS^c. Ai we recently pointed
out the statistical position of the metal la ex
ec r-tior.eUy strong — In 'act, stronger than at
mar previous time In the past half century-
It !s not a question ~nt the producer* main
taining r^lcf. but rather of preventing a run
ewsv rnarkpt.
Henry Qcw» It is significant that quota
tions to-day are we.l up to the highest aver
age tines- the great revival which accompa
nied the election of McKlnley and the defeat
01 Sat money In ISU6. In June. 1599, the aver
age quotation of twelve le&dirg- Industrials
T.a? r><, To-day the averasre. quotation of ths
\u25a0arr.e stocks Is about 81. which is the highest
average ever reached, notwithstanding th«
£r<"at upward movements of 1599, 1901 and
1902. The nearest approaches to the present
a\ e-ape price of I Twit industrials were 77 in
September IR9&, 7S in June, 1901, and 73 In
pecember.' 19C4. And prices of prominent rail
way stocks made an even more striking dis
play the average of twenty representative
Blocks :n June. 1896. being 62. while to-day it
1? above J26 — an average that has been but
one* exceeded, namely, by that of 123 dur
ing the memorable times in the autumn t/x
i:V2 and iroai which there was a gradual re
cession to about 69 during the reactionary year
cf JSO3. The fact should not be overlooked,
therefore, that as far as the price gauge Is
f~erned the market 5s to-day at the highest
a for maw years. It has not. however.
Ed this eminence as a result of wild.
...iele?s speculation, but has crept gradually
'jr-m-ard, reflecting general prosperity and dis
counting future prosperity. As already noted,
the standard investment stocks are becoming
BO closely held they are practically out of the
ir.arket es fpeculative securities, and this In
turn is encouraging trading In th« lower
rrtced class of Fecurlties In which lnflustrtale
fipure prominently
Everybody In business Is now waiting for the
preat. corn crop to pass the danger point,
which barring widespread and increasingly
'improbable disaster, it will do In the next
two or three weeks. Crop report* durln* the
r>(k have, taken altogether, maintained their
fsvorable character, though the Government' «
report *>n. cotton, which i« this month issued
v..th proper precaution* to insure its accuracy,
confirms other authorities that the cotton yield
will be considerably below that of last season
Much interest attaches to the August report
of the Department of Agriculture pn the grain
crops which will appear at noon on Thursday,
the 10th. "Wall street ie looking forward to
one of the most prosperous years In railroad
history.
STOCK A.YD BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCKS, RAILROADS
AND INDUSTRIALS-
sued ytsttrday. Amalgamated Copper was ia
a dormant state, after having been entirely
unrcsixjasive yesterday to an additional ad
vance in the price of copper. Smelting re
sumed its flight to new high record levels
I without definite news announcement to ac-
I count for it. The coalers showed some effect
1 on profit taking on theVr recent advances, al-
J though Delaware and Hudson sold up to a
new high record. The. slump in National
Enameling was eaMly explained as the result
of the passing of its dividend, and com prod
uct? preferred was further depressed as a
cor.bequerice of the internal dissensions among
the owners of the property.
The flurry In th? Denver banking world
j was a factor in the late reaction. Some
j weakness developed in the ircn and steel
i stocks when it was known that the Iron Age
1 statistics for July showed an additional ac-
I cumulation of stocks of pig iron on hand in
; spite of a further curtailment of production
las compared with June. The weekly review of
! trade, however, was very cheerful.
The market closed heavy. Eonds were lr
rejruler. Total eales. par value. $2,020,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
.\>vr York Stock Market.
E. F. Hutton & Co.. 4iH) Calitornia street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
Slock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotation* cl that Exchange:
S&lot.j STOCKS. IHighjLaw.l Bld.j Ask.
t j Adams 'Express. 4 , '£. 10 ;245
• (Aliig Chalmers . .; 18 j 17%[ 17 1 17%
I Do prd J 5»T«i 5S%| 58 I 5S^ 3
I 25.50 C AmaJg O&ppe-r .4 bi t a4 i *i S4%| M^
: lAm tseei sugar, j ; "£S , 26^
I Do prd ; I so i t>3
iAm Can Co ; | , Jl%| 11%
1 Do pl<l I i i 09 I «9%
oOOiAra Car tt Fy Oo; 87% | 37% | 3«%| 37
»Ou, Do pld ;Hh> t y»%J 89Vii «9%
UK) Am Cotton Oil.. 1 2»%| 2y->i| 2y%, 3u%
2UO, Do pfd j !)3%| 03%j 92 J95
|Am I>!st Te4 1 1 1 a* 1 31
,Am Express ; | ;235 ]240
lAm Gr Twine Co; | 5%| o
lAm Hide & L...j | I%[ 7%
200| Do pfd I 39%| 89%| 39 39%
.Am Uinieed |.;...|..... 17 20
j Do pfd 1 1 40 43.
800, Am Locomotive, j 49%| 48% 4'j% 49%
i Do pld j j 4ill Ul%
! Am Malt j I 4 4%
I Do prd ....'...] | i 24 24"%
58,»00;Am Sm & Rf C0i123%:12e%!129%]129%
2,30 Vi Do pfd i123%|123 |123 |123%
2,000, Am Sugar ;i44%j143%j143% 144
1 Do ptd 1 1 139 140
jAm Steel Fdriesj 9 10
SoO| Do pfd 139% 39%[ 39 40
jAm Tel & T C 0.)." 1 1138 1140
1.200, Am Tob pfd | 97% | 97 j 97% | 97%
l.bOOiAm Woolen- j 37 %| 36% 30% j 37
2uo; Do pfd ...'....|102%|102% 102%|fC2%
3,4oo,Ajiacor.da ;117 |116 |ll«i% 110%
Ann Arbor ,- .A-. 35 40
j Do pfd i .7... 78- fes
BOOjAtlan Coast Line j 167 %j 160% 160 jlO6Vi
34.500.A T & S F j 88%1 87%| &7HI *>8
1,6001 Do pfd |103%;103%j1»j3%|103%
6,100,8a1t & Ohio 115%;115% 115% 116%
j I>o pfd 1 9S 99
Bay State Gas.. ..;..\ 8-J6 V*
1,900 B R T 70% 69 69% 69%
'Brook Un Gas 187 194
ißruns DA1;..... 15% 15%
]Butterick Co 54% 6O
{Canada Southern 71% 72
2.4oo|Canadlan Paeiflc|ls6% 155% 156 156%
bOO.C & O I 55% i 54% 54% 54%
300.C & A 42% 42 40% 42 j
200 Do pfd j 81% 81 61% 81%
|C &E I pfd j 130 1140
...1C I & L pfd 70 90 •
7.300: C & G W 20*8 20% 20% i 20%
700 Do pfd A 65% 67 68 | 68%
70O| Do pfd B 33% 33% 33% i 33%
100 Do drt>» ...... 85% 85% 65%| 80
300 C & N W. ...... 220 1219 219%j220
18.800 C M & 8t P 182% ISI% 181% 1181%
Do pfd 187- 189
8,400, C R I& P (new) 32^ 81% 31% 31%
700! Do pfd 77% 77 i>77 77«5,
C R I & P 4s 82% 82%
jChlcago Ter .-... 17% 18%
Do pfd 3*% iO%
IQO Chicago Ca Trac 9% 9% 9%t. 9%
Do pfd "35%| 37
700 C C C & St L.. 103% 103% 103 103% !
Do pfd r. 118 120
Cleve Lor & W 72 90
Do »fd 105 112
600; Colo Fuel & Iron 46% 46 46% 46%
I Do Dfd «5
900jColum HC & 1.. 14% 13% 14 14%
I.2oo,Colorado So 28% 25% 28% 28%
ll Do Ist pfd 61% 62%
100| Do 2d pfd 40 . 40 40 40%
COO'Consol Gas ....192. 150% 190% 190%
300! Corn Products .. 9% 9% 9% 9%
I Do pfd / 41 42
o,soo|Del & Hudson .. 205% 201% 204% 204%
lOOjD L& W ...... *4O 440 435 450
1.100.D & R G i 32% 31% 32% 32%
900 Do pfd ...... 87 86% 86% 57%
|Dcs M & Ft D 21% 22'
600 Detroit Un Ry -. 92% 92% 92% 92%
....... Detroit So ;........ 9% 10%
Do pfd 41 43
Diamond Match '. 141% 142
600 Distil Secur .... 42% 42 42% 42%
I Do bonds'. : 80% 81*
400:Duluth SS& A. 16% 16 16% 16%
1,900| Do pfd .. 34% 34% 34 a 4%
17,100 Erie 48% 47% 47% 4b
1,600* Do Ist pfd ... 85 84% 84% 84%
1.600 Do2dpfd.... 75% 74% 74% 75
E & T H 73% 75
Do Dfd 90 100 .
Ft W & D C ... ~ 71 74
Gen Chemical 62 C 5
I Do pfd .: 104 406
200; Gen Electric .... 180% 150% 179 180
1,900 Great No pfd .. 291% 290% 291 292
-Greene Cons "Cop 24% 25
{Havana Tob Co 25 28
1 Do old 55 38
200! Hocking Valley . 92% 92% 92 92%
IQOj Do pfd 94 94 93% 94'
6,000 Illinois Central . 174% 173% 174% 174%
V. Interboro 217% 218%
Inter Marine 13 13^
-" Do pfd 30% 81%
1,000 Inter Paper 20% 20% 20% 20%
1,400 Do pfd 80% 60% 80% 80%
jlnter Power 57 $5'
Inter Pump .... 27% 30
Do Dfd 82 84
200 lowa Central .... 29 29 28% 29
1.000 Do pfd 57% 56 56 57
Jap let Bonds 101% 101%
Do 2ds ea flji^
Do 4%s .92 02%
Kanawha & Mch \u0084 32 33
XC FtS & M pfd 82% S3
I.SQO Kana City So .'. 27% 27 27% 27%
2.900 Do pfd ...... 59 67% 58% 58%
OOOKeokuk &I> M. 16% 14 14' 19
Laclede Gas pfd 95 110
Lake Erie W 36 36%
Do pfd... 93 97
Lehigh Valley 08 €8%
(Long Island 56 60 '
16,300' Louis & Na«h... 147% 147 147% 147%
IMackay 40% 40' i
j Do pfd 74 74%
*00i Manhattan 1«7% 167% 166% 167%
700! Met Securities... 83% 82% 82% 83'
2,000 Met St Ry 128% 127% 127% 127% I
4,900 Mexican Central. 23 22% 22% 22%
200 Minn &St L...J 67% 67% 05 68
Do Ist pfd ) '. 97% 98
300 M, St P& 6 S M|l3B 156% 137% 138
....:.. Do pfd ] ....163 166
3.P00M0. Kan & Tex. £1% 29% 20%| 29%
I.COOI Do pfd I e5% 64% «5 I 65%
4,tt)oi Missouri Pacific. |101% 100% 100% Uoi
- |Na*h, C & £t L.i 148%|152
3,7oo,Nationa! Lead... 45% 47 46% 47-
ICCI Do pfd .105 105 103%|100
Ntl R R Mcx pfd ] j3B 38%
...INational Biscuit. ..... .i... 5714 53.
- ' 2CO Do pfO 113% 113% 114 115
200: New Jer*ey Cen. 211' 210 209 2J2-
IN y A!rhrake...j 153% 154 •
6.400 New York Cen..j148% 148U 145% 14SU
NY.C&. St L 64 54%
..../-. Do Ist pfd lie 120 .
Do 2d pfd 63% g4-
New York Dock 24 26
400 N V, NH & H. 203%!203. 203 204
2,000 U T, Ont & W. 03% 52% 52% 5"%
700 Norfolk & We*t. 86 65% 85% 85%
Do pfd.. ..>.... 00 04
North American. , 100% 100%
Northern. Sees 177% 179 \u25a0\u25a0
2,SoolNorthern Pacific. 211 2C9 209%i210%
200iOmaha ../... 194 193% 192 JlO5
....:.. Do pffl 190 1200
|O 8 L 4sv» .'. ..... ..... 86%| 517
.......1Pacif1c Coast ..... 93% 93:
Dried Fruit, JVutn, Ratlins and Honey.
Conditions show no further change. ' All
Fruits are firm, both here and In the East, j
FRUlTS— Apricot*. s%®Sc for new crop
Royals -and 7@llc for Moorparks;- Peaches.
6%@ti%c for standards. 7@7%c for choice. .7%
©7%c for extra choice and Sl@S%c for. fancy;
Pears, old, 7@llc; Plums, nominal; new- Evap
orated Apples, 7%®Bc; sun-drted. 2<g3e per lb;
new Figs, toxes. 50c for choice, 53c for extra
choice and 60c for fancy; bulk white. 2% Sic
per lb. • \u25a0 . . \u25a0 . - .- ;
PRUNES— OId crop, 2%@3c per lb for the
four sizes and 3©3% c basis for the large felzM.
New crop Prunes, 3g3%c. . four . size basU,
with many sellers now asking 3%c.-
RAISINS— I9O4 crop f. o. b. Fresno— lWhesa
clusters. $1 35® 1 40; London Layers; ?s®f«sc:
Loose Muscatels, 4-crown, 5"% c; 3-crown. 4%e;
2-crown, 3Wc; 'Thompson's Seedless. 4%tf;
Seeded. -4%@6%c per lb. , ' • ~ !
NUTS— Walnuts. No . 1 softshell. 12513 c;
No. 2, 10@llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2.
.10c: Almonds, 16®17c for Nonpareils. 15©ltfc
for I X L andNe Plus Ultra and 11®12c fqr
Languedoc; Peanuts/ 6@7c for \u25a0 Eastern; Pe
cans. liei3c : Cocoanuts. $4 5C&5.
.: HONEY— Comb. 10®llc for white and 7@3c
for amber; water white extracted. BBp%c;
light amber extracted, 4®sc; dark.- 3^3 %fi;
Hawaiian, 2©2% c for extracted. '. .'
BEESWAX— 27€29c per lb.
Less Activity la Gas Shares, but Bonds
More Active.
There was less excitement in the gas stock*
«n th? Stock and Bond Exehang* yesterday.
though California, Oas and. Electric wast higher
with increased activity at ftx> :.!*g>U 3t>.
San Francisco Gas and Electric was weak
er at |07 75<JpJS 25. Mutual Electric opened
higher at *13 87%. but feU back to «13. rher*
were fractional declines in Alaska Packers.
Contra Ooeta Water and Giant Powder. Ther«
was nothing new In the sugar stock quota
tions. Salts of bonds w«re again - brisk,
amounting to ?157,C'.0. embracing «107.0w>
United Railroad 4s at $91 25.
In the mining stock* the Comstocks w»j;»
weaker, with Ophlr selling down to $» 73. T}i«'
Tbnopahs were, fairly active, with " quotation*
somewhat Irregular.
. The Calif omia-ctreet Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend of 90
cents; or *9000. yesterday.
• -Trie stock of the Utah Mining Company of
Nevada, which takes the p!ac« of the Utah
Consolidate^ Minim? pTmoany.. wjll be. ready
for distribution to-day. . c ...
•The American Tobacco Company haa "de
clared a regularly quarterly dividend of 2%
p«r csr.t on the common stock payable Sep
tember X.
' The Orr Ditch and Water Company. & Reno.
Nev.. corporation, has levied, an assessment o£
15 cents per share, delinquent September 5. -
Wall-street Stocks weak and Cotton lo7ccr.
Sihrr a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Local Bonds in good movement, but Stocks quiet.
Coal in atiiplc supply, tciY/? a quiet market.
Hlicai and Barley Futures higher. Cash Grain unchanged.
Oats and Corn as before. <Rye advanced.
Nothing new in Hay, Beans and Fcedstufts.
Supplies of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables ample.
Poultry market steady and fairly active.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits slww no marked change.
Dried Fruiis show continued tinnness.
Provision and Meat markets as before quoted.
Five Butter. Cheese and Eggs firm.
Xnv Dairy Exchange elects a board of directors.
STOCK MARKET.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 04 55%-
Sterling Exchange, sight — @4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 64 88 .
New York Exchange . sight..'. ... — @ 05"
New York >. Exchange, telegraphic. ' — @ 07%
Silver, per ounce.' ".........'...' 59%@ —
Mexican Dollars, nominal . . 45 @ 47%
V \u25a0 : INTERNATIONAL.'
New York on Paris .- 5.16%
New York on Mexico 2d2
Paris on London :.. ..25.15%
Berlin on London .20.47%
Wheat und Other Grains. . .
WHEAT— Chicago wa» %c higher. There
was nothing new in the local market for cash
Wheat, but December - was somewhat higher
and fairly active, i There was -no feature
worthy of comment.' • •• •
CASH WHEAT.' --
California Club. ?1 45@1 55: California
White Australian, $1 6O@l 65: : Northern
Club $1 50@l 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 62%
til 67% spot and *1 52%®l 57% future de
livery"; Northern Red, ?1 50@l 51 Vi per etl;
lower grades of Wheat, $1 30@l 40 per ctl.
. . . . FUTURES., ,;.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...si:;9% $1 3«%|l 39-Js ?1 39
2 p. m. Session.
- Open. High. . .Low. Close.
December*... Jl 39% ?1 'M% $1 30% *1 30%
BARLEY— Receipts were heavy. 13,768 ctls.
but the spot Feed showed no particular change.
Choice lots ruled firm, but Inferior goods
dragged. Futures were 'fairly . actlva and
higher. - \u25a0 . '1. •.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, 95®97%c>*f6? common and 9S%c@
|1 03% for gqcMTto choice; new Brewing, ?1 05
01 10; Che^wrfier, $1 20®l 30 per ctl.
; :'yr . FUTURES.
'jf Session ' 9 to 11:30 a. m.
S ; Open. High. Low. ' Close.
Dptfember... 'JU% Ua% 99% 99%
""% 2p. m.. Session.
Open.- High.. - Low. Close.
December ... »a-& .%\ uw U9% $1 U>
OATS — The , situation chows no further
change, the market ruling quiet and steady.
Red, *l 3U@l 40 for choice, $1 22%@1 27%
for fair to "good and $1 12%<£J1 20 for common;
Black for seed, $1 40. . \u25a0 t
CORN— Previous prices rule, with a quiet and
featureless market. ' '
Western sacked, $1 40@l 42% for Yellow and
White and $1 40 for Mixed; California, laige
Yellow, $1 40@l 45; smail round do, $1 55tf
1 60: White. $1 37%@1 42%; Egyptian. $1 40
®1 50 for White and $1 35®1 4Q for Brown.-
RYE— Is in light offering and firm at *i.47%
@152% per ctl, with sales at the top quota
tion.' \u25a0•;*"'". \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0»\ v.t
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75g2 25 per ctl.
... Do'lst pfd j .|lol>/4 110
Do 2.1 pfd 1..."....... 93% 95
' 10C Paoifie Mail 43 43 42^ 43^
17.9CC;Penn P. R C 0.. .,143% 143 143% 143%
2W> People's r Gas.... lOtiMi 106% 10«% 106%
IP. C, C & St L 78 78%
....... I Do pXd 100 112
2,sooi Pressed Steel Car 47% 45% 45% 46
. ICC| . Do. pfd.. 90 96 . &6% 96
200 1 Pullman Car Co;. 241 241 237 240
SOt'ißy Steel Springs 36y 2 30% 35^ 36Vi
! Do pfd 100 101
33,e«0|ReaJing .108 107% 107 V4 107%
2CO| Do lst-pfd..;. 04 94 94 94 «£
eoo| Do 2d pf<l 93 92 92 • 92M:
7Co! Republic S'& 1.. 22 21 V4 21% 21%
1.9C0] Do pfd ...... ' .\u25a0 ( 87% 86% 86% -87
jtfubber Goods./. ;.... 34% 35^
1 Do pfd 104 ICS
1,000! Slosa, S S & I Co 92 90% 30 90%
........I Do pfd. 107& 120
|St J&G I. 14 16
ICOi Do let pfd.... 53i;i 53%t 53 53* a
3CtjSt J&G I 2d pfd 25%! 25% 25% 26
200;S L&S F Ist pfd 7S%| 78 77% 78
I Do 2d pfd i €BVs 68%
40(1 St L & S W.... 24 I 23% 23% j 21%
3CCi Do pfd 61%| 61/ 60 j62
6.2oorsouthern Pacific.; 60%) 05' 65V6 65%
. 100| • Do pfd - 118 JllB \u25a0\u25a0 117% lIBV2'.
67,U:CiSou Railway.... 35% 34% 34% 33%
100 Do pfd 99% 99% 99 99%
... (standard Oil. 616 620
.. ... ..IStand RoDe & T 1% 1%
3,ooo(Tenn Coal & 1.. 90% 89% SO 89%
iTex Pac L Tr Co 43 4+
2,700 Tex Pacific 35% 34% 34% 35
Third Aye ...127 127%
Tol Ry & Tr Co 34% 34%
100 Tol St L & W.. 3S 38 3S 3SV4
100 Do pfd 57% 57% 57% C 7%
l,6oolTwin City R T.. 117% 116% 116% 117
lUn Bag & Paper 10 10%
2001 Do pfd 75% 75% .75 75%
69.500 Union Pacific .. 132% 131% 131% 131%
200!, Do pfd OS% 98% 98% 98%
i j Do Cony 45...: 131% 131%
j United Copper 1 32 32%
1.60 C Un Rds of S F.. 73 71% 72 74
I 40ui Do pfd 89% 69% 89% 89%
7. Do 4s .....:.... 91 91%
I.KXiiU S Cast I Pipe. 31% 31 31 31%
806 Do pfd--....... 93% 93 92% 93%
....... U S Express 123 126
- 100U-S Leather.... 13% 13% 13 13%
.1001 Do pfd 110% 110% 110% 110%
1 ICO U S Realty&Con 91 91 90 91%
1.500iU S Red &R Co 33% 33 33% 33%
7.101 Do pfd .'. 72 71% 71% 72
20C1U S Rubber 52 52 51% 52
- 300 Do Pfd HO 109% 109% 110
23.<50©!u S«6teel Cor... 36% 35% 35% 35%
. 29,:aXi| Do pfd 103% 103% 103% 103 V»
400jVa-Car Chem Co 34% 34 34 34%
.. Do pfd 107% 10S
.400Wabash ........ 19% 19% 19 19%
\u25a0 SOO Do Pfd 40% 40% 40% 40%
Do Deb Bs 70 (2
-iWells-Fargo Ex 235 2aO_
|Western Union 93% 93%
Westinghouse . . 16b 168
Do Ist pfd ...190 190
W& L E 16 16^
'.'.'.'.... Do Ist pfd.... 39 40
... . Do 2d pfd 22 ~-i
3,soo|Wis- Central .... 25% 24% 24% 25
1500 Do pfd 54£ 54 54 54%
1 - - jS
52S.400— Total shares sold. ; %
Xcw York Bonds.
U S ref 2a reg.lo4 [Japan 6s, 2d aer. 99JJ,
Do coupon 104- I Japan 68.6 8 . cert. .. .101%
; Ho 3s reg 103% Japan 4 %s ceri :.. 92%
Do coupon 103% L & N unified 45.104v 4
Do new 4»< reg.l32« Man con gold 45.104
Do coupon 132 I Mcx Central 45... <7
Do old 4s reg. .104 Do l»t mc -d
Do coupon 104 Minn & St L 4s. 9.%
Amer Tob 4s 75 M, X & Texas 45.1(J2%
Do 6s 116 Do 2ds b6%
Atch gen 45.. .«. ..103% NR of Mcx con 4s W%
Do adj 45...... 9S NYC gen 3%5.. 99
Atlantic C L 4f>.102% N J C gen 55. ...134%.
Bait & Ohio 4s.HKJ Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Do 3%s 95% Do 3s •<%
Central of Ga 55.114 Nor & W con -is-102%
Do lFt mc »9 OS L refdg 45... 9b%
Do 2d mc 87 Pa cony 3%s fl" I ,^
Ches & Ohio 4%5.110% Reading gen 45... 102%
Chi & Alton 3%5. 80 SL& I M con 55.11 C%
C. B & Q new 45.101%!5t L & S F fg 4s. S9
C, R I & Pac 4s. 52%18t L S W con 4s. 82%
Do col 5s 95 Seaboard A L 4s. 91
C.C.C & SLgn 45.103%'50 Pacific 4s 95
Chi Term if 95 | Do Ist 4s, cert. 97
Colo Midland 45.. 75% So Railway 5e 118%
Colo & So 45.... 94V t Tex & Pac 1et5.. 122
Colo Ind ss, ser A 73% Tol. St L & W 4s. 86
Do ss, ser 8.. 71% Union Pacific 45.. 105%
Cuba sa. cert 108 Do cony 4s .131%
Den & Rio G 48.101 V S Steel 2d 55.. 97
Dist Securities 5s Si Wabash lsts .11">%
Erie prior lien 45.101%| Do deb B .;... 70
Do gen 4s 03% | Western Md 45... 87%
F W & D C lste.lls IW & L Erie 45... 93%
Hock Val 4%5-..llo%|Wis Central 45... 94%
>*ew York ...inliiK Stocks.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice 55[Ontario 2 00
Breece 45[ODhir 6 75
Bruns Gon \u25a0. . 14! Phoenix 02
Comstock Tunnel. C7t Potosl 07
Con Va» Mm Co. . 1 1 20! Savage 60
Horn Silver 1 75i Sierra Nevada.... 34
1 Iron Silver 3 40 Small Hopes 29
Leadville Con 06| Standard 1 40
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U B Steel... .......35%
Call loans ....2%«J3% Do pfd .103%
Time loans. ». .3%@4% Westing Common: 83
Bonds — Mmmg —
Atchison 4s 102 Adventure 5
Do adj 4s 98% Allouez 33
Mcx Central 45.. 77 Amal Copper .... 84%
Railroads — Amer Zinc 10
Atchison 87% Atlantic 17%
Do pfd 103% Birigham 30%
Boston & Albany.2os Calumet & Heda.67s
i Boston & Malne.l77 Centennial 24U
j Boston Elev . ...1.'3 Copper Range ... 72%
Fitchburg pfd 116 Daly -West 14
Mcx Central 22% Dom Coal 77
Pere Marquette... 97»4 Franklin •• 12
Union JPaciflc 131% Granby 7%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 9
Amer Arge Chem. 23% Michigan 14
Do pfd ........ 91% Mohawk 54 .
Amer Pneu Tube. 6 Mont Coal & Coke 2%
Amer Sugar 143% Old Dominion ... 27%.
Do pfd 139 Oseeola 80%
Amer Tel & Tel. 138% Parrot 25
"~Amer Woolen ... 36% Quincy 103
Do pfd 102% Shannon 714
Dom Iron & 5... 22% Tamarack 122
Ed Elect 11ium.. 250 Trinity 8%
Gen. Electric. United Copper ... 32
Mm Electric 17% U S Mining 83%
Do pfd .... 60 U S Oil 13ti
Mass Gas 4£% Utah 45%
United Fruit ..#loii% Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach..." 83 jWinona 11% ,
Do pfd ........ 34 , (Wolverine 110
BOSTON COPPER STOCKS.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9. — Advices from Boston
are that the Copper • Range deal between
Thomas Lawton and Mr. Burrage has been,
eettled. Boston" trader* think this means a
broader and better market for all Coppers.
_, London Cloning: Stocks.
Cons m0ney.... 90 3-16 N T Central . 152%
Do for acct. 90 B-16 Nor & Western... SB%
AnacondSC 6 Do pfd 96
Atchison 89% Ont & Western... 54%
Do pfd 106 Pennsylvania 93%
Bait & Ohio 118% Rand Mines ; 9%
Can Pacific 160 Vi Reading ...55%
Chen & Ohio 56% Do Ist pfd 48
Chi Great West.. 21 Do 2d pfd 47 '
Chi. Mil & St P. 187% So Railway 36%
De Beers 17 Do pfd 102 ' i
Den & Rio G.... 32% So Pacific «7%
Do pfd ....:.... 89% Union Paclflo ....135%-
Erie 49 Vi Do pfd 106
Do Ist pfd..... 87 U S 5tee1,...:.... 36% !
Do 2d pfd..... 57 Do pfd 108
111 Central 178% Wabash 20
Louie & Na5h.. ..151% . Do pfd 41%
M. X & Texas../ 80% Spanish 4g 82
Bar silver— Firm; 27% d , per ounce.
Money— l%@2 per cent.
..The rate of discount in the open market
for short bills is 1 13-16'?1% per cent and
for three months' bins 1% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury..
WASHINGTON,' Aug. i 9.-yro-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund shows: Available cash balances. 8128 -
932.397; gold coin and bullion, $51,805.417
gold certificates, ?25.649,540.-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.;
\u25a0 ; local:
LOCAL MARKETS.
at 'iig'&e advance; September at $<?*6>
8$ 11-Kic. closed 875<c; May at 90>i®90%c,
closed 90% c; December, SS9i@S9%c, .closed
sohc. — --\u25a0 v • - " \u25a0...'.. -.- r
HOPS— "Steady. • ' --.
PETROLEUM— Steady. . . . ',
COFFEE— The market was quieter and eas
ier to-day under the influence of scattered lo
cal selling . and some liquidation caused by
European, eellinrr. \u25a0 There was a good;deal of
buying by roasters and commission houses, and
prices closed steady with a net decline of :
only 5 points. The total transactions were |
40,230 bags, Including September at 7. 03<g
7.10 c: December. 7.35@7.40c; May, 7.70@7.75c.
• Spot Rio. steady; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Firm;- centrifugal, 06 test, 4%c;
molasses sugar. 3Hc; refined, steady. . . .
\u25a0 BUTTER— Easy. Receipts, 1018 packages.
Street prices: Extra creamery, 20^@21c. Of
ficial prices: Choioe extra. 20>^c; choice firsts,
lOHiS'-Oc: choice seconds, 18 J-i@l9c; State
dairy common to extra, 17@20c; Western im
itation creamery extra, lOlglO&c; do firsts, IS
•®'18% c.
CHEESE— Unchanged. f
EGGS — Unchanged.
9 • DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED. APPLES — The market con
tinues strong, with speculative buying of fu
tures In evidence. Common to good are quoted
at 4i,4©6c; prime at 6%c; choice at 7c, and
fancy at 7%c
PRUNES — Are firm on bullish coast advices,
with quotations -ranging from 4%c to 6%c,
'according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are eaid to be attracting a bet
ter demand and the tone is firmer. .Choice art
quoted at S<S-14c; extra choice at B^@S?ic,
and fancy at 9^©loc.
PBACHESr-Are quiet, with choice quoted
at 10@10&c; extra choice at 10%ei0%c, and
fancy at lie. , .. ,
RAISINS — Are In good demand, particularly
for seeded grades, and the market is firm.
Loose muscatels are quoted at i%&i^c; seed
ed raisins at 5V4@7%c,. and London- layers at
IWI 15:
New York Metal Market. \u25a0 / \u25a0'
NEW YORK, Aug. 9. — A further, break oc
curred in the London tin market, closes at
£48 10s for spot and £47 for futures' The
local market was easier in sympathy, /closing^
at ?32 25@32 75. / \u25a0jT
Copper continued firm in both markets, yrfth
London quoting epot higher at • £S9. {an* fu~
tures unchanged at £68 17s 6d. Localry there
was no material change and quotations ranged
from $15 37iA(S)15 62^ for lake and electrolytic,
and around $15@15 25 for casting, although the
' inside prices are considered more or les« nom
inal. . ;
Lead wag a »hada higher in both markets,
> closing at £24 7s 6d in London and at I* w®
\u25a0I 70 locally. . \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•\u25a0. •' •' ' '
: The foreign iron markets were to
higher with Glasgow closing at 49s 4d and
Middleeboro at 46s lOtf d. Locally the situa
tion was unchanged. No. 1 foundry northern
is quoted at 516 25@17, No. 2 foundry. Northern
at $15 75«n«50. No. 1 foundry ,. Southern at
$15 75@16 75 and No. 2 foundry Southern at
$15 50@16 25.
Domino*. 7.05© per lb. No order taken for Urns
than seventy-five barrels or Us equivalent.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, «r 5i,... 8.3 ;6j Bran, sks 773
Wheat, etls 2So, Groats, ska 303
Flour, qr sks.. .13.400; Hay. tens 909
Wheat, etls 1 2JI Wool, bale* -*O
Barley, ctls 14.3.;5!b7irrt.«. *kj 1«O
ctU 4,5::k Leather, rolls ... 72
Tajl.iw. ctls , 13(j!rwlsin». bxs .... (500
Susar. ctl* 1.3-0; Hicl«s. No 212
Bean*, skr SOOil'elu. tola, 13U
Pwrtatocs. ska ... 3.us;Lur.e. bt-ls I>2
Onlans. sk* T-Ofiap*.-. rcUa 1.9-5
Bran. *ks SSSiQwduUvcr, ffsks. 4*
Middling*, sks .. -4961 Wlrp. ga!s 10.lt 0
Receipt* of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 9.
who were Indifferent about partins »lth-. their
holdlngr-3 at the proffered rat«s. Trade on regu
lar local account was of gcod volume and small
! packages of most tree fruits ruled firm.' Figs
and Quinces were exceptions, supplies of- most
descriptions being liberal. ' Airkinds of Grapes
were in good request and choice Muscats In
crates "readily commanded an advance. : Stocks
'• of Nutmeg Melons and Cfentaloupes were stead-*
illy increasing and prices continued to.decline-*
; The situation 'in 'Apples vrae unchanged, *vl\>
plie« tx?itig excessive, and only the fanciest of
ferings received any attention. Berries \u25a0- ruled
firm at the recently » advanced quotations, and
Citrus goods were tttady at : the previously
quoted rates. • : ' *•
STRAWBERRIES— Per chest. Longworths.
$44* <: large varieties, $3@5. \u25a0 •. *-
• BAS T> w^°»lES— Per chest. $s<£3. .-'
BLACKBERRIES— SI 50®3 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@9c per lb. .
APPLES— 6Sc@SI 15 per box for fancy and
40@73c for common to choice; Crab Applis.
in. . • \u25a0\u25a0»\u25a0 *uja!.,»nd \u2666» 75 lor large feoxeo.
PEACHES— SmaII boxes. 35@50c; carriers,
CUitdoc; v/jicn Wxcs. 4U<>jtA.o tor small and Ma
75c for large; in bulk, nominal.
. PEARS — tfartlelt, 76c®$l 25 per box; In bulk,
nominal. » \u25a0, ."
PLUMS AND PRUNES — Packed. Bo©S3c per
box or crate; open boxes, 22@40c.f0r small anu
50cS$l for. large.
NECTARINES— Nominal
FlGS— Black. *l!g-l 25 for double layer and
50@75c for single layer drawers; White. 50c#
51 per box or crate.- : !",• .- " •
QUINCES— eo@7Sc per box. - \u0084
MELONS — Cantaloupes. ?l@l 25 p«r Crate;
XutnteK- Melons, 30©50 c per dox; Watermelons;
?I@2 50 per dozen. " \u25a0 - '< -\u25a0<•-.. --.
QRAFKS — Small boxes and crates. 75c£$l 25;
large boxes, $1621 25. !
CITBUS FRUITS — Orange*. Valencia*. ' $534
per box: Lemons, $2©4 50; Grape Fruit. *2#
2 75; Mexican Limes, nominal; Bananas, $2 23
@3 per bunch for Central American and SU<j
1 75 for Hawaiian; Plneani)les..Bl.stai aO_c?r
dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1905.
LIVERPOOL. . -
Wheat— ". ./-'\u25a0': Sept.. . Dec. March.
Opening ........... <j 8" . 67_ Nominal
Closing ............ « 8% 8 714 '/Nominal
• - ,\u25a0-: \u25a0 --y paris.- ..-.• '•:"\u25a0. >'• " \u25a0.'\u25a0-. '\u25a0 •-\u25a0\u25a0
Wheat — \u25a0 " .\u25a0 - Aug. Nov.-Feb
Opening. ..;.... 22 85 :. 22 65
Closing 22 75 , , 22 70 I -
Flour — ;\u25a0"-. . ' : :: ' ,' V
Opening .....:.......; 29 65 . • 2» 60
Closing ....20 6OV 29-55
\u25a0 Northern Wheat Market. '". - , '
\u25a0 " ' r \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/,- : : OREGON." ".-.''•\u25a0'\u25a0 *?\u25a0 ''.-, '"'.-'.
PORTLAND, Aug. 9.— WHEAT— For ex
port: Club, 72<§73c; bluestem,' 77®78c: r for
milling. * 78c. *" ' -..-•--•- •; \u25a0-\u0084..._\u25a0\u25a0
'. -- v : WASHINGTON. • . /
TACOMA. Aug. ».— WHEAT»-liOW«r. Club, \u25a0
71o; bluestem. 74c; red. 68© . '
Deciduous and Citrus . Fruits.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15HIS WATCH STOLEN— Martin Ryan. 1619
Ixaven worth street, reported to the police
y-sterday that his open-face silver watch, val
ued at Slo, had been stolen from him on
Tuesday nisrht. He missed it after he left a
car at Xir.th and Bryant streets.
If you desire the appetite and diges
tion of early years, take Lash's Kidney
end Liver Bitters. •
She , was registered as Annie Wilson,
but . blushingly, confessed^ to Judge'Con
lan . that v her proper §j| n ame was . Mrs.
Manning, that" she was a. trainedmurse
em pi oy ed at \ the Hotel ? Metropole, . Oak
land," and that she was waiting for "her
Mrs. Annie Karlno of. 1211 Kearny
street stroked her gown with toil
calloused hands as she told Judge Fritz
of how her six-year-old son had been
deprived of two -front teeth by,, Louis
Cadamatori cruelly pressing a raw po
tato against- the tender little mouth.
She was employed in ' and
regretted that she -was compelled to
lose half a day's wages, mi; order; to
appear in court. Too bad . that her
husband, who worked less steadily
I than she did,' would not suffice' to prose-
I cute her: boy's assailant. But'she would
: rather lose the half a day's wages than
j have the defendant go unpunished. \u25a0
I A bright nine-year-old girl testified
I she saw Slgnor Cadamatori, 'who -keeps
a vegetable ; store, take two ,\ potatoes
from the ; Karlno ;boy's hands, strike his
frowzled head.^wlth a heavy flat and
then' press 'one of the tubers against
his lips,: saying,' "Eat It," until the
child expectorated two teeth arid 'much
j blood. A badly'frlghtened boy told the
I court a similar' story. -, •
! Slgnor Cadamtori, heavy of frame
j and with a'neck that would discount
John' L. Sullivan's ;in '.'bullishness,"
j growled that he did not , assault.; the
j boy, who had stolen : the potatoes, but
[ merely .chased him -until he ; fell upon
I the sidewalk, his mouth being' cut and
| his nose and forehead miraculously es-
I caplng injury. .;•\u25a0 \u25a0- •
. A. gentleman baffled the
corps - of ; interpreters : and finally ' con
vinced the court -that he knew' little
or nothing about the case. Then a con
tinuance till Saturday was given the
defense. \u25a0 . ... . - .
» "My sorrow you greatly augment. by
voicing that suggestion, oh, Chin Jack."
said Chin Len,' "for- it is against the
first rule of our superb, code of social
etiquette for a host to borrow money
from his guests."
The subsequent proceedings were
variously narrated to Judge Conlan by
Chin Len and a benchful of his,, cou
sins. They all averred, however, that
Chin Len's final refusal to satisfy Chin
Jack's request was abruptly followed
by Chin Jack's producing a
and a larsre knife, both of which he
brandished so menacingly that the
party dispersed In -great disorder. Chin
Len found safety by fleeing to an In
ner chamber, barricading the door, es
caping through a window.and notifying
the police, who caught. Chin Jack with
the weapons in' his hands andrage in
his heart.
"What did you mean by it?" the
Judge asked Chin Jack. '
"Me no tly shootee, no tly stabbee,"
.was the answer, smilingly delivered.
"Chin Len him /lighten too 'quickee.
Him klousins ley v flighten- too quickee.
Me \u25a0 takee knife to cuttee fllngah nail,
shabbee? Me takee pistol to puttee in
olla pocket, shabbee? Me no tly stab
bee, no tly shootee. shabbee?" .
He will be sentenced to-day.
\u25a0 > •' • • \u25a0.••'•--. - i- - \u25a0
of our own land appear infantile by
comparison." . \u0084"
"Most worthy Chin Jack," said Chin
Len, "by coming to me first my house
you have greatly honored; but, alas:
your visit must be unfruitful, because
the sunt you seek is not now in my pos
session. .My grief at. being unable to
accommodate you ;is most profound."
"Then, oh, sincere helper .of the
povorty-stricken,"' said. Chin Jack, "you
may be able to collect from your as
sembled cousins the desired sum."
George K. Osterfelt brought suit yes
terday against the firm of Belasco &
Mayer, managers of the Central The
ater, for $10,000 . damages, alleged to
have been sustained during a fire panic
at the playhouse on July 17 last.
Osterfelt claims that the fuse of a
moving picture machine blew out and
started a panic. He alleges that the
exits were too small and he was
thrown down and trampled on, caus
ing permanent injuries. f
Brings $uit Agrainst Theater.
In his opening- statement for the de
fendant yesterday afternoon in the
United States Circuit Court in the case
of Charles A. Sessions versus Southern
Pacific Company! T. C. Van Ne^s an
nounced that he proposed to prove
that Sessions was not a passenger at
the time of the accident, but that he
\u25a0was riding on the train by courtesy of
a conductor free of charge.
Mr. Van Ness said he would prove
also that the collision between the Owl
tra'.n and the Stockton flyer at Byron
switch on December 20, 1902, was not
the fault of the company, but due to
the absent-mindedness of the engineer
on the Stockton flyer. He would prove,
also, he added, that the flyer was prop
eriy flag-ged live miles from the point
of collision and that the engineer re
sponded with <he whistle, but that he
did not put on the emergency brakes in
time to avoid the collision.
Lawyer Van \e*» Declares He Will
Prove That All Precautions Were"
Taken Defore Accident.
KAILROVD COLLISION* DUE
TO REVEIUE OF EXCIXEEU
Miss Clara Jarmain, a statuesque
negress attired in costly and. loud ap-
Madame Marolich swore that Antonio
Boen first condemned as unfit for. hu
man consumption the food which she had
placed before him in her restaurant, 636
Second street, and then insulted and en
deavored to assault her when she defend
ed the quality of the viands.
In her native Slavoriia, the complain
ant declared, the behavior of Mr. Boen
would have brought upon him quick, and
perhaps fatal, reprisal, but so long as she
Is in America she proposes to do as the
Americans do. That was why she sum
moned a policeman instead of annihilat
ing the offensive intruder where he sat
at her table. His language? Oh, it re
flected unfavorably upon her parentage
and it also assailed her own character.
It might be amiss to add that he con
cluded his harangue by attempting to
slap her face.
Mr. Boen's defense will be heard next
Monday by Judge Fritz.
• • •
In the court of Police Judge Conlan,
where they were accused of peace dis
turbance, both Pedro and Mario pleaded
stress of political excitement. They were
born and reared in the same Portuguese
village, came to this country as fellow
passengers and were firm friends until
a combination of differing political views
and cheap wine led to their arrest for
fighting each other.
"Heem lika da Meester Mayor Aba
Ruef." said Senhor Soldini to the bench,
"an' I say, 'Whatta da use of heem—
whatta he do for de Portugee man?'
Heem say, 'Whatta da Portugee man
wanta da Meester Mayor Aba Ruef to
do for heem?' I say, 'Whatta da matta
heem not mak da Portugee man da po
liceman?' . Heem say, 'Ah, you soaka
you head.' Den heem wanta me to dreenk
to <da health of da Meester Mayor Aba
Ruef. I say, 'No, sah.' Den we hava da
scrap."
All of which was smilingly corrobo
rated by Senhor Velaco. "Da Meester
Aba Ruef heem da Joe dandy," he as
sured the Judge.
"Thirty days apiece" was the stagger
ing rejoinder.
glass of alleged wine to the floor of the
Sacramento-street cafe in which he and
Pedro Velaco were tippling.
Senhor Soldini's action was interpreted
by Senhor Velaco as a challenge to com
bat, and It was promptly accepted. Senhor
Velaco had scored one knockdown and
Senhor Soldinl was evening up the honors
by throttling his adversary when the
bartender's twittering whistle brought a
policeman and enforced cessation of the
conflict.
fasten was arrested by Policeman En
pel, and, after being- bdbked at the City
Prison, was released on $20 cash bail.
He says the transaction between the
t::vlngs society and the trust company
vas perfectly legitimate and was done In
the regular order of business. Mrs. Hen
v.-ood's attorney had been endeavoring to
get him to pay her the value of her
shares for two or three months, under
threat of arrest, and this was the re
sult. He had consulted his attorney when
the first demand was made upon him and
was told that he had nothing to fear
from a prosecution.
It is alleged in the complaint that
Kaston, while a director of the savings
society and also a director of the
Guaranty Trust Company, concurred in
.-i resolution passed by the directors of
\iie pavings society on September 6, 1904,
authorizing the president and secretary
t<j execute, assign and deliver such se
curities as were then owned by the so
ciety to the Guaranty Trust Company,
s^uch securities having been transferred
frr 200 shares of the capital stock and
certain moneys and guarantees of the
trust company as voted by its direc
tors and exchanged with the savings so
ciety.
"Every director of any stock corpora
tion who concurs in any vote or act of
ihe directors of such corporation, or any
of them by -which it is intended to re
cvive from any other stock corporation
in exchange for the shares, notes, bonds
or other evidences of debt of their own
corporation, shares of the capital stock
Of such corporation or notes, bonds or
other evidences of debt issued by such
other corporation is guilty of a mis
demeanor."
Mrs. Annie Kenwood, 847 Oak street,
a stockholder in the Pacific Coast Sav
ings Society, now in liquidation, obtain
ed a warrant from Police Judge Fritz
yesterday for the arrest of Wendell
Easton, real estate agent, on a charge
of violating section 560 of the Penal Code.
The section reads:
In the house of Chin Len, 1616-Jack
son street, an evening social party was
in progress and good-will was pre
valent when Chin Jack entered without
having been Invited to do bo.
"Oh, Chin Jack," Bald Chin Len, "it
It not well that you should be here,
for only my cousins did I invite to
come, and to me that relationship you
do not bear, even remotely."
' "Most excellent Chin Len," said Chin
'Jack, "your, cousin most unfortunately
I am not. nor do I seek to participate in
this cousinly reunion. My object in vis
iting you, oh, m<^pt generous benefactor
of the deserving needy, is- some cash to
borrow. Knowing that you would not
refuse me, to. you I came first to ob
tain the money. May you and . your
sixty-eight cousins in this devilish land
live to make the old-age record-holder
A section of Post street 'has been
subpoenaed to appear before Judge
Conlan to-day and testify; as -to- Miss
Jarmaln's character.
"De Bah'by Coas'!" -exclaimed Miss
Jarmaln, with great indignation. "Am
dat whah yo' go teh chase up a pus
son's cha'ctah? Does yo' know ob enny
pusson on de Bah'by Coas'. wot hain't
got a bad cha'ctah? Ef yo' wanteh fine
out Jes* wat my reptashunfam why
doan- yo' go teh Po,st .street? Dah am
folks up dah wot kin tell yo' how much
ob- a"laldy. Ah am. Yo' en yo' Bah'by
Coas'! Fo' shame on yo'."
. parel,, including a, white hat with:.wide
brim bending beneath a burden of
artificial roses, denied (first) .that she
was intoxicated when arrested, and
(second) that she was a vagrant.'
"On the Barbary Coast," averred the
complaining policeman, .'"she is notori
ous as a vagrant and a. mischief
maker." • . - '
"Da Aba Ruef da gooda man— here's
to da Aba Ruef I" shouted Pedro Velaco,
holding aloft a glass of inky vintage
that retails at five cents per Quart.
"Da Aba Ruef no gooda for da Portu
gee—down widda Aba Ruef I" was Mario
Soldini's response to the toast proposal,
and he emphasized it by dashing his
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Alleges Misconduct in Trans
ferring: Assets of Pacific
Coast Savings Society
One of Them Refuses to Drink to Health
of Leader Beaten at Primaries.
WOMAN IS CO3IPLAIXANT
•- — \u25a0 —
Wendell Easton Is Arrested
for a Misdemeanor Under
a Section of Penal Code
Portuguese Chums of Long Standing Batter
Each Other in a "Wine Joint. "
DIRECTOR MUST
ANSWER CHARGE
POLITICS AND CLARET
LEAD TO QUARREL.
.O; Friday. August :11th,-, an excursion will
be run from j San . Francisco to Lake' Tahoe. • Re
turn may be -made:' on .'or before 'Monday ' Au
gust 14th. The trip/ Including a seventy-mile
steamer ride around, the ' Lake, ' will ; coat only
$8 60. , ,„;-:, ;.. -;: -•.-•:. -\u25a0/..' .:.
'Thtßis an excellent opportunity for devotees
of : the -.' rod : and "reel." as: fishing •. !s .unusually
g(X)d at Tahoe Just now.' See ' Southern Pacific
Agent for full particulars.. , ; .. .. .' •
Excuirttion to Lake Tahoe.
Harry E. \u25a0 Wise, ! son' of i the ex-Col
lector of Customs, was arrested yester
day by. Detectives Bunner and Freel on
a warrant' fromv Cloverdale' charging
him with defrauding an innkeeper. , The
complaining witness Ms M. sMinihan,
proprietor- of the United States Hotel
there. Wise was very indignant over
his arrest,' saying it -.was a ;paltryrs9
that was due the; hotel people. -He was
released on $10 cash bail. 'Some. months
ago Wise was arrested on complaint of
Henry Kramer, ladies'Jtailor, 20 San
some street. , for obtaining a'. dress, for
his wife, valued at $9.0," under false pre
tenses. : • The case , was dismissed,' the
bill having been paid. : -'V;.:, \u25a0 .
Wine Wanted In Cloverdnle.
Hnn'ttlu. New York and Return, at Little
Cost. .
A personally conducted excursion, via
Grand Canyon of Arizona, Denver, Colo
rado Springs, Manitou, Garden of the
Gods, Pikes Peak, Kansas City and Chi
cago;' $87.75 round trip to" Buffalo. In
cluding trip to Grand Canyon; every day
a holiday; the grandest sight-seeing ex
cursion of the year. -„ .,-.
. F. of -A. Attention! This. Is your offi
cial route. Reservations should be made
at once. • •\u25a0 .-:.-. -''\u25a0':{- "\u25a0\u25a0 -.\u25a0\u25a0•».".
For further particulars ask at No. 653
Market street. Santa-Fe Office. '. r
EAST AT LOW RATE.
This condition is attributed to the
large "quantity of canal •" material
shipped to the .isthmus, tying up' the
rolling stock of the railroad and pre
venting its- use for the* prompt trans
ferring of commercial freight between
Panama and Colon. \u25a0
It was admitted that sometimes as
much as fifty and sixty days and- even
more are consumed in transit between
New York and San Francisco via Pan
ama, where formerly/the time was from
thirty-six .to forty-two days. v .
With regard to the matter of. rail
road rates, it was said that the ;Pan
ania Railroad Company on a $5 rate
for a 19Sl-mile service was getting' a
far .better revenue on the service than #
the Pacific Mall with. the carriage of. 3473*
miles and a rate of from $6 to $8 per ton.
When asked whether- the -Pacific Mail
was-going to' establish a rate- to com
pete with the $5. per. '2240- pounds
established by the Panama Railroad
Company from New York to Cfolon, the
Pacific Mail people asked how . they
could be expected to^do' so in .view of
the great difference in , the time and
distance of transportation —
With regard to" that part of Evans'
report which states "that the reduced
railroad rates have opened the market
to the East and Importations from the
Pacific Coast are falling off," a repre
sentative of The Call interviewed F.,R.
Peake, local agent of the Panama Rail
road' Company. ,
Peake, said that on May 23 the Pan
ama- Railroad steamship line estab
lished a rate of. $5 per 2240 pounds
from New York to Colon on all ordi
nary; freight, irrespective of its weight
or measurement, consigned to the Isth
mian Canal Commission. Peake said
that President Shonts at Panama at
present with the object of remedying
any evils that may exist. ....
At the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's office it was said that there'is
a very .bad -blockade /of freight on the
Isthmus — so much so that steamships of
the company have for some months. past
been unable to maintain the schedule.
HOI.LI.\G STOCK TIED UP.
' AH of the steamers irom Panama to San
Francisco are conseijuently from two to eight
een days late. The Pacific Mall steamship
due to leave hei£" on August ID will probably
not have arrived in port by that date. .
• Th# situation, therefore, entails great loss
to the Pacific Coast merchant at both ends.
Xot only are his orders for, export shipments
canceled, but he is unable to till domestic or
ders because of the non-arrival of goods.
The result of the order U that all commer
cial, freight will have to be handled by lighters
between ship and shore, a- method that must
seriously add to the gravity of the situation,
as the Panama Railroad Company, . .since the
completion of Its docking lacillties. has \u25a0 al
lowed Its lighterage equipment to deteriorate.
Furlong when seen said:
T. P. Shonts, named in the "cable, is*
the Isthmian ' Canal Commissioner and
president of the Panama Railroad Com
pany. ' .
TELI.S OF DIFFICULTIES.
Shonts has been given orders to give prefer
ence to canal material. La Boca wharf set
aside for Its receotlon. ''..* .\u25a0. \u25a0 •' -
'On receipt of the report members. of
the board of! the Pacific: Commercial
Alusuem were immediately apprised and
authorized Acting Director ,H. W. Fur
long -to confer with. .various commer
cial interests "concerned that some ac
tion. might .be taken to untangle the
present embarrassing, situation.
In discussing the matter with Secre
tary Fry of the -Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, "Furlong was shown the fol
lowi.ig- cable to the v company, just re
ceived, and corroborating the report of
Director Evans: \u25a0 • \u25a0 .
A report of the greatest moment to
the commercial interests. of the Pacific
Coast .was received yesterday by the
Pacific Commercial Museum, from J.
Wilson Evans, its director, who is in
Panama in ; the interest of the coast's
export trade.
* Evans' report is dated July 25 and
is us follow: . . •. . "
CJenerally speaking matters are very bad
hero, ao far'as business Is concerned, .and the
tHl'nVultles of landlnsr curco are causliiK a
block everywhere; ever sine*. the United States
took ' over the railroad matters have been
growing worse." and houses \u25a0 here have cabled
to San Francisco canceling orders placed some
time ago. Then again, tiro reduced railroad
rates have opened- -the market to the East,
and , Importations' from .the Pacific Coast are
falling oft In consequence. .
Tells of Cargo Landing Dif
ficulties and Says Houses
Are Canceling Orders
EVANS MAKES KEPOBT
E.ast Sending Goods to Pan
ama Markets Since Gov
eminent Took Eailroad
LOCAL DEALERS
ARE SUFFERERS
MURINE EYE-REMEDY cures Byes;
makes. Weatf Eyes Strong. - Soothes Eye
Pain.;; Doesn't Smart- • ; irt.'.-v.-'i * *
Albert L. Benson; 2525 Folsom street,
saw" two boys ; climbing over.' his j.b'ack
fenco-late' Tuesday night, and.Yas : his
place had been- entered and 'robbed re
cently, he fired a shot at i the boys sand
they, disappeared." Benson notified" Po
liceman VJ/ J. Clancy and 'he . arrested
Solomon Sanchez, 15 years of .age, who
was booked for ; a' public .'institution
and . taken to the .Detention -Home.
Later Albert' Quijada,..2O . years^of .- age,
was arrested and booked on a" charge
of - vagrancy. "• Benson • is satisfied ;> they
are the ;two boys who were climbing
oyer,'his":fence.'.v -"\u25a0 :-\u25a0• •'{»;: r" - _
Fires Shot, at Two .Youths.
fiancee when Patrolman :Roed arrested
herifor vagrancy >; as she loitered in
front of. a Kearny-street saloon. ;;
. •'. ."He; wasj tending" bar. In . the. saloon,"
she murmured," "and 'l; was waiting till
he'd 'i come .out. and : escort -me -to the
ferry, .which"-, he always /does when' 'I
visit the city.". v: - •; .; " •
•"That's right, Judge," said the> young "
man : alluded to -Iby. the • defendant.
"Sho's engaged to .marry me. and : it's "a
queer thins: that she can't" wait for me
without being; arrested." \u25a0''-'•"\u25a0 *
; Case dismissed: "'\u25a0, : \ '-;•
• . Blow to the . Knowles Co.; 24 -Second sc, and
order your Fall .^.nnouricefnent. ' ' ';: * *
Captain Burnett received a dispatch
yesterday from- Detective". Ed Gibson
from Chicago -that - Governor _ Deneen
had refused to -issue papers for the ex
tradition of HI: M.- Marks on .the ground
that it was'a civil and not a criminal
matter. \u25a0 Gibson left for home yesterday
morning. -Marks was wanted here on
a charge of obtaining money by-; false
pretenses'. He -"represented to Benjamin
Schift of Schiff ; & Dow,- Press cafe, mat
he .was /president^ of the National Loan
and. 'lnvestment .Company . of '' Chicago
and "got;s4bofrbm\Schlff, giving-. Schift
a draft '•* on. a f bank in ' Chicago. The
drafts was dishonored and it was learned
that the ' National •' Company." wjjs de
funct.-. •'.. . ; - ' y •:\u25a0:'-\u25a0'-' \u25a0 :\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 •. :' " ,
Marks Will Not Be Extradited.
. "The! Holy City," a sacred cantata by |
A. R. Gaul," will be given in the Central {
Methodist .Episcopal. Church. > Mission {
street, between Sixth and Seventh, Sun- j
day | evening 1 . ; August 13. A-choir. of j
fifty! voices^ accompanied by an orches- j
tra ;under.'. the., direction of.E. ,T.,;JL i.
Eckert. : will take* part. .In the'- pro- f
{ gramme. .The solos will be rendered by ;
! Mrs.\ Otto Ottesen, soprano; /Mrs. R. '
ILi .Partington, contralto; Hiram l\- J. .
I Gould, tenor; Walter B. Anthony,
tenor;.,:- H. >R." Bassford, bass. Misses
Morgan and Fordrwill assist In the trio
and sextet. . .The .offertory solo between
parts ;i- and- 2- -will be given by Mrs.
Partington.. who .will sing a composi
tion' by Fletcher Husband/t he organ
ist of the choir, entitled "Abide With
:t;s."-.- . :\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 '....;...... • •...--..:
Will clre Cantata.
•Upon the order, of Judge Carroll pook
the sum of $6297 37 was- transferred by
Treasurer, McDougald" to- the unappor
tioned fee' fund. The money was de
posited in!court by. ex-Treasurer S.H.
Brooks, who sued to recover It as fees
for the collection of collateral Inherit
ance taxes. With the $6560 turned into
the treasury by McDougald the city has |
been. enriched by nearly $10,000. / I
,y The'Clty Treasurer cashed a demand !
for : $65,000, Vdrawn' in favor of the City I
Realty Company, as the purchase price j
of,a lot on Frederick "street as a site j
for the Polytechnic High' School.' \u25a0•.!<. i
Money Formerly Claimed by ex-Treas
. nrer Brooks Is Surrendered and
' ' Placed In Unapportloned Fund.
MORE INHERITANCE TAX .
FEES TURNED OVER .TO CITY
The quarters include the big- market
on Oak street,, near, . Devlsadero,' ; { in
which six classrooms will be fitted ( up;
two stores .oni Devisadero / street, be
tween Oak arid ' Fell, and a room ad
joining the .school on Page
street, where Principal Mark will have
his -office. \u25a0 ,'-";". • •«-,.
C. W. Mark, principal of the' Crocker
Grammar Scriool, formally notified the
Board of Education^yesterday that the
.necessary outside quarters iiave- been
secured, pending the construction of
the additions to the building, on Page
street. The pupils, applying for ad
mittance will, be' accommodated: next
Monday, when the public schools will
open. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0 • '
Outside Quarters Have .Been ..Secured
by Board of Education for. Open-
Ing of .Term Next Monday. .;; :^j
WILL CARE: FOR PUPILS. OF f 1
CROCKER GRAMMAr. SCHOOL
Owen. McHugh, a contractor, yester
day applied for an Injunction i restrain
ing Harry Baehr, City- Auditor, from
'paying the demands of C. S. Harney for
the purchase of sprinkling carts and
sand wagons by the city." McHugh al
leges that he holds one-half interest in
the apparatus;- that Harney is incom
petent to receive money and that'pay
ment by the Auditor would be detri
mental to his (McHugh's) interests. -
The petition alleges that Harney has
no right to dispose of the carts to the
Board of Public Works and that the de
mands, which aggregate $2900. should
not- be 'paid.' Judge Murasky will hear
the petition.
Owen Mrllußh Alleges . That C. S. Har
ncy Has No Right to Sell Sprinkling
and Sand Carts to City.
SUES TO HAVE AUDITOR BAEHR
STOPPED FROM PAYING DEMA.VDS
The first of the damage suits that will |
be the (inevitable, outcome of the collapsa •
of the four-atory frame building at the I
corner of Ninth and Tehama streets on
July 8 last was filed yesterday morning,
when Morie Garguilo brought suit against
the contractor and city officials for $5000
and costs. Garguilo was Injured at the
time of the collapse, in which Samuel
Cowap was killed, and' the verdict of the
Coroner's jury held that insufficient brae- J
ing was the cause of the accident and
recommended a new system of building
inspection for the city.
Charles Stockholm, the contractor. !s
made -defendant, together with Public
Works Commissioners Maestretti, Egan
and Aigeltinger . and the bondsmen, in
cluding the Aetna Indemnity Company.
The Inclusidn of the Board of .Public
Works Is the result of the jury's report
and""the testimony of a building inspector,
who testified at the inquest that the sys
tem !of inspecting buildings J was practi
cally a" farce. "
Garguilo was" working as a plumber on
the first-floor of the building, along with
Samuel Cowap. At the ; first ; sound of |
danger . hoth men ran for shelter, and i
Cowap .was caught beneath an avalanche
of boards and beams and. died on the way
to the Central Emergency Hospital. Gar
guilo was 5 more "fortunate and escaped
with injuries to his; right foot and leg.
The injuries have since incapacitated him
from work. £V ' • ' • .
No mention. of the money/is made in
the affidavit, which also "alleges that, the
former Mrs. Holden is now the wife of
Charles, L. Saltus. , :Tho marriage certi
ficate of the .was destroyed -by
fire, but Mrs. Saltus offers . three letters
in evidence to establish her claim of be
ing Holden's wife. The flitters. are from
Oakland and Honolulu, and the last one
is dated^ 1901. v They refer, affectionately
to her as his wife. • , .' \u25a0 *'
The affiant declares that- the last time
she saw Holden was' in San' Francisco, in
December, 1899, when she left Him to- go
to - Boston. ', In. '1902 she *\u25a0 received '. a letter
from him. saying that he was in, a hos-'
pital.in Washington' State, and two days
thereafter a telegram from the skipper
of the Vine saying that 'he had idled", at
sea. The estate was duly executed "and
a balance of JH2 58 was placed. in ; the Hi
bernia: Bank. '\u25a0 '. ' -. ' , . .;•'•" /' ;
A romance -beginning on the seas and
ending in Boston, Mass., . came' to light
yesterday in the County Clerk's office
when the affidavit of Mrs. Sarah R. Sal
tus of East Rutherford, N. J., was .filed.
The woman alleges that ahe is the widow
of Robert J.* Holden, who died -on the
schooner 'Vine 'on the high seas ''between
Washington and San' Francisco. ,
Mrs, Saltus alleges that she married
Holden in the . Bermudas in . April, '1S90;
when he was a steward on a passenger
steahier. From the time of her marriage
until almost the time, of his death she
accompanied her husband on his. travels
and visited almost every part .of the
world. During that time three children
were born in different parts of the, world.
Mdrie Gargiiilo, Hurt in Col
lapse of Bnilding, Seeks
$5000 Redress.
New Jersey Woman Seeks to
Establish Proof of Mar
riage to R.J.Holdeii.
AVERS SHE IS WIDOW
OF DECEASED/SAILOR
SUES CONTRACTOR AND
CITY FOR DAMAGES
THE" SAN ;FRANCISCO ' CALL, THURSDAY.^AUGUST 10, 1905.
16
KAUFMANN'S SUMMER CLEARANCE
Our summer clearance is proving a great success— like all of
Kaufmann's sales. This sale is occasioned both by late shipments
and consequent heavy discounts from fhe manufacturers andour in-
variable rule to clear the shelves every season! :
And we haven't forgotten our friends the little folks; we/know
they are returning from everywhere with sunburnt skins and worn-
out shoes to be in time for the opening of school. Though this is a
summer clearance it includes many lines greatly reduced which arc
particularly suitable for school wear, as a glance at the following
items will convince you.
(sSS^~&&i£' «".>:*' Snllß Cnlf race Shoe.— Me-
djurn soles, a grood wearing shoe,
_ that Is not too clumsy.
Children*!* and Misses' Kid Lace Sizes 9 to 13 n in
-Isoes—i nteut lenther tip... ex- Sizes 13^ to 2 *i Vt\
tension soles, a good school shoe sizes 2U to su " "•" •" si "V-
which is sure to give satisfaction. A ™ 51.45
l. IZe f lil° + 8 ;; 9Oc Boy"',, Tan Shoes— A flrtt-class
Sizes 8»4 to 11 jj ()-> quality.
Sizes 11^ to 2 51.;J0 Sizes 9 tn n \ «'i o-
The same as above. In Button , |"s? 3 % to' 2 |i*^ V»
sizes 5 to 8 and 8% to 11 only! lizls 2%jt?6%V^s^Hla*SB
Children's nnd MUses' Patent "*
leather Lace Shoe* — Medium Children** nnd .MUses' Kid Blucher
Jig:ht soles, an elegant dress shoo. Oxfords — Hand-turned soles Dat-
Sizes 5 to 8 JI.K) ent leather tips; a neat shoe for
Sizes S J^ toll JI.BO the little totß, either for school
Sizes 1114 to 2 $1.55 < or dress.
Children"* Tan OxfordK, Canvas Sizes 5 to 8 9f>C
Mioen, Gray Buckskin and Brorvn Sizes 8 1£ to 11 no«
00/.f Shorn — Greatly reduced. Sizes 11% to 2.. $l!i{s
A toy for every child.
Tremendons reductions on Sninmer Goods in every department.
Ladles* Oxford Ties, made of Tan Russia Calf. Chocolate Kid or Can-
van, at lower prices than t hcj- were ever Hold in this city. •
Particular care given to mail orders. Send for our new catalog.
Vyjl*' 852/ MARKETtft&F. \j
GOOD <^ofQJ&®,'
it L. NEWMAN. President and Manager.
! I 39 STOCKTON ST.. NR. MARKET
I TELEPHONE MAIN 5522
> I W« repeat .It acaSn. ALL. our goods
» 1 guaranteed. -It not perfectly satisfactory,
I money refunded.
J ._. .. ,/
I Thursday, Friday and
I Satnrday Specials
: Creamery Butter, l*i-lb. aq....38c
1 S-lb. square sOc
Quality and weixht guaranteed.
Santa Rosa Ranch Ezx*, d0x....35c
[ AH large white, select.
Minnesota Efss*» P«r dos 2?%e
: Fresh a jri val. Just la.
Victoria Blend Tea, per lb. 45c
Reg. . We. A perfect blend wtta a per-
fect aroma.
Evaporated Apricots* per 1b....t0f >
Reg. 13c. New crop. Lay la a suppVy*
j Low Drice. \u0084 " '•\u25a0 \
i German Lentils, per lb 7\iv
\ Reg. 10c. The Imported article.
: ' Ideal Flavoring: Extract*, per bot.ZOc
Reg. 25c. Vanilla, lemon, almond, or-
I ange. pineapple, raspberry. strawberry-
Albert Roche Sardines, per tin.. lie
Reg. V2<^c. Packed in pure olive oil.
Paradise Sodas, 1-lb. carton !)<•
3-lb. carton ,2Ov
Reg. 10c and 23c. Fresh and crisp.
Carpet Sweepers, Binsell's 91.00
Reg. ?2 &O. No practical housekeeper
can afford to be without one at this
" price.
Her mi taste Bourbon, per b0t....90«r
Ballon f-1.00
Reg. $1 23 and $3.
Family Bourbon, per bot. ...... .6Oc
. Reg.*»3b and }3.
S Flnr Old Rye, per bot T3o
: Ration $3.00
. Keg. |1 and *4. These whiskies are
, pure and well aged,
j Claret and White Wine, per cal. .40c
J Reg. 50c. Splendid table wines.
• White Label Ale, dos 92.10
I Reg. $2 23. ,
White Label Porter, dos SI.SS
J . Reg. |2. . McMullen's celebrated.
j - Country orders carefully packed and
; shipped free within 100 miles.
1
I-^S **a Sf Mothers, you are
Jj3 . _ZI/*£C not doing your
Vfe^V ""^j/ff ***' nnless you
\u25a0 jEri^v^ r/w4f frequently bring
" your "children to
knoit that high prices often prevent visits j
to the dentist. . j
OCR prices are LOW and our work gc — f " M
perfect that we feel saf» in backing our T j
13-year guarantees wlta a «urety com- id
pany's bond. . - ;
We have a speclaltst for children's work.
Far .'the adult we have perfect fitting ,
plates, oure . gold crowns, and natural
looking bridge work.
; Our -extractions are PAINLESS or NO i
PAT.- , ...
Set of teeth ......... I*3. o©
Gold crown . fi $2.50
, Brldgre work ....... S2. SO
Fillings aoc
United Painless Dental Co. \
(The Dr.- Williams Association.)
51 THIRD ST^ Aear Market.
Hours 9a. m. to 9 p. m. Sundays. !
* - , 9 a. ra. to Ip.m.
RUFTURE_ CUREE*§
>TVe cure It. and Its STATS cured. Call and* •
get names and addresses of hundred* we hay«?.
cured.- Go and see them. Or. better atill y*+""'-
will CURE YOU, and you need not pay a'eent
till -you are cured. Consultation and eiami- w \u25a0
nation ; U free. .
COME AND SEE CS.
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE!
*' ' 1344 Market St>. S. V. '; .. iff
CAR PRSI CDRE SICK fIEADACME.^
Oittie- Genuine Must Bear V
HLy ?? Fac-Simi!e Signatura
ypij-s. y^ -^ — \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0£
Bjß^ T c lVFalrinrf Hi^tnrv
J^^^m M Surely and steadily these great -stocks, that represent cj^\
I thousands of , dollars are moving out under the impetus»of b
their new low building prices. y
,In many cases the buying power of your money has been g
- doubled. To.-day nevv items will be out to make new interest in
every department.
Towels, Sheets, Wash Goods, Laces. Dress Goods, Underwear,
all marked down. And a great sale Fancy Stockings, 29c and 35c
\u0084 pair, starts this morning. . £ v \ |
SuitSjHats, Waists,. Curtains. Xook at the new prices 'they are
marked on the second floor. ". *'\u25a0•'.•
• Among the .house helps .in the downstairs store are Family 8
• Scales at 90c that will weigh 24 pounds accurately by ounces;
. good Bissell's Carpet Szveepers at $1.68. We have never seen them I *
so low before." • .
I 19c is just one of the price surprises in Chinaware on the
third floor. It stands, for Cups and Saucers, Creamers, Salad
Bozvls, prettily' decorated. — % ' ' •
Boys' Baseball Mitts, 35c, instead of 45c; Doll's Trunk, 35c; r
Printing Press and outfit, 35c — all on the third floor.
Men are concerned, too— Sox, Underwear, Handkerchiefs, a
Shirts. But the goods themselves tell their own story better than N
we can here. . _ n
\u25a0 \u25a0 -. \u25a0 . •\u25a0\u25a0 - - .-• :.',\u25a0. '\u25a0•\u25a0;'•\u25a0 : \u25a0 \u25a0 1 » \u25a0 ; - v -.,./. §
"Only, new goods for tke new Hale store," the slogan of this |
B : building sale. \1
Market Street, Near Sixth