The Sunday Call
Literary Section
TO-NIGHT the Navajos are dan-,
cine.'
• In a far-away corner of North
eastern Arizona, where their des
olate, domain reaches its/ barren
leagues beneath the frosty' stars —
mesa and plain, steep-walled canyons
and mountain peak — the tribesmen
gather from the remote canadas,
where their hogara stand darkened and
gijent.
" For nine days vthey have come from
the points of the four winds upon their
Bkagsy little ponies, with their wag
ons and their \u25a0vvoirieirund their /chil
dren; the brown little babies rolled
Bafelyin their mothers' blankets, the
shy young girls peeping coyly from
th^w-aqrons. and the restless . boys,
whose k^ea. prying eyes never miss
a movement. Even the dogs and
camp kettles look, alert— for on this
niffct. the ' medicine men call to
their aid the mighty Spirits - 'of • tho
l.a st— the ye-bltchal. the giant . grand
fathers of old., s' .
For nine nights the strange, rhythmic
hum of the medicine chant .has not
ceaicd . in ' tne bis ye-bltchai \u25a0 hogar or.
THE YE-BITCHAI DANCE OF THE NAVAJOS: FROM LIFE
medicine lodge-^for' nine 'nights i- the .
young' men, the 'tireless dancers": and '
sweet ..' singers '.' of '.the : people,"' have
daiice<l " between the * fires, arid ' the inedl- * .*
cine rneri hive' anointed, the' eyes of fhe- '
\u25a0young boys with the .sacred -"meal,;
that they may not be blind
when they look upon the strong gods In .-"»
whose forms the dancers move, i
The camp has grown day by day,,
.until . now, upon the last* night •of \ the"
ceremony, there Is • a campfire -.near^
almost every juniper -within a' quarterf •;'
mile of the..'m«dicine_ lodge, and^ V still
over the low-rolling ridges come theV.
Navajos upon, their' ponies,^ a succes-;
sion of wild' silhouttes, passing" swiftly
across the last dull green glow of .. the , .
Western sky— and up from the trading"
post there comes the. rumble of wagon ':
wheels and •- a :'\u25a0 drumming . "of swift •
hoofs •in tho . darkness. J. There .'are
shrill shouts and the crying 1 of . chll- k
dren • and . the »' fierce barking -of ? wolf-;
like dogs.. / . ; \u25a0 :
This dance is being given by a I young T ;
buck . who "owns , many \u25a0\u25a0 sheep ; and \ ponies; '.
wampum and J silver— for theNavaj«>s',are;~
good silversmiths"; In I the Indian" style-^-as .
a-- thank"; offering 1 forithe .recovery of » his
mother^ f rom " ii*. long; Illness^, The ' sum of
his '. payments" to 'the medicine 'mdnj and
sirigerB, f f whose* services :he v has % retained,
and Y gifts (' to.; v guests . will ' come to ' near
$500 \u25a0in - Navajo "goods. / . -; ' ' .
U.Thls ceremony may :be held either as a
thank, offering ori as propitiation^ of the
powers' of .departed' and rdettied ancestors
of : the tribe; ds "the case .may, demand:
Sets of ' dancers, six to twelve -: in .a set,
f rom , different : parts "'- of •? the 'reservation
compete ,'for ,tho 'honors ."of * their- calling,'
dancing alternately in . relays.' , . , ...•,; \u25a0 \u25a0/
liong ; before : thefdance • begins ; tho - long
space v between 'arid all. around- the .'twelve'
great bonfires of juniper. logs is filled. with
a denseVahd 1 restlessr : throng,' ; .wildj?in* the
many; colors "of their blankets. 'Thejmed- 1
iclne^ hbgar . Is a'tV the west ; end ;;bf ? the '
lane^'and • the dancers' lodge— a ; high, cir-.
cular. corral ,pf ; green brush— at/the cast.
All ;1; 1 v/ho s can Xha j c backed their :wa gons
ill", behind .the tires ' forming : two . irregular
rows; and- 'these '"are; ; rilled" • with , men,
women and \u25a0' children,'- deeply :.mufllcil jin \u25a0
their' blankets, ytor 1 the" -'night' Js bitirig
COld. \u25a0.;\u25a0'.\u25a0• ' '.- "\u25a0"i,"^ •\u25a0";\u25a0. \u0084' .'\u25a0*-. '' '• .- - - ";
v Here ,und ./there, amid the' throng,' a,
'.massive silver, bracelet "or. concha ; flashes '
j '.In ; the* firelight; '.Tali; figures ' of :
chiers. medicine- men stalk' through
\u25a0•Ulie ('flickering light; { or* stfi'nd \ silent , arid V
Hmprepsfve; Jn'* ' statuesque -f pqses^""while .
'.always: from v/ithirio the 'medicine*-' lodge
comes the weird- cadence/of^. the -chant.-. '."\u25a0\u25a0•
, ",. At last, from^thc l6wer«erid';oC the.lane,-;
I comes a shrill ;;whobh!.whooh!"-^like the ;
" cry : of ,rome> unknown . bird-^the; crowd X
.opens a trifle, and. a'- "young 'man appears, . •
\wa ving'' his 'anas' as " he 'advance's. ?• He ; ls /:
'clad* all-in -brown yelvetrrhis \ moccasins > (
_:" are decorated with silver,, buttons, ."around ?
, his \walst- is ; a "Ibeltj.bf j e'nbrmous ''silver*.
; conqiias,;.; about ; his -". neck an ".\ ungainly, ;
\u25a0\ bushy' wreath > of evergreens— but , his .face
\u25a0_: is covered '.with an hideous mask of buck- \u25a0
• skin, painted van . asriea' gray ;;suf-l;
i rounded ,wlth-'a wild* wJg of 'goat! hair. ;It j
5 is ;• decorated" behind? with :. '£/ tall,^,' tan
.shaped Vsiirca'd '\u25a0."of ;,e_asle /plumes, \u25a0."-.lightly.^
\u25a0 , swaying -as •he r oils ; hii>' h ead ", from ' side tto .*
\u25a0;"-. \u25a0>*/, •* V ' V : ;-;. ."?-«*rV'iK," V^'/v{". . : -• {'- •
: He . r'eifeatsjiito Ih(V t darkness ;again^
and ;a:.chief /steps; forward l> to 'address the -^
\u25a0 ."crowd: ' Ud/ delivers: yd; lprig 'harangue: '
iii the - strange. clicking Navajo'- tongue,'
ihis strong; voice and "gestures: seemiug to
MAYNARD DIXON
. "command- respectful \u25a0/attention.^We^ learn
that hc : ls*glving_hi3'people*a temperance
lecture.. Shame" tie it?' to, us that he^rieed '.\u25a0'•\u25a0
; to;^io'so.-r^: *.;: ;- -'4 l. I .'. '\i'-J.£:K7 x '*j-'£''-i
At Vlast/:.*after.:long waiting,, we-"' hear,
•that y.'eird whoop-agairu -and the young -.
man .who . gives ' the*,/ dance',. -' and' the
Laughing -Doctor, the,; greatest." medicine
man ,of ;th.e, tribe, -.come .out,;', from;, the
medicine lodge :a - little -distance and \ sit
down' -upon -the '* ground."* ':. We -»U'e»r .the f
faint-; jingle; "of,/- sleigh', \u25a0 bells,
, ch'-r-r-r-r- of rattles ';' far *' beyond: \u25a0 - the \
'crowd, then' the spreading plumes .of 'the >
leaden^ appear,-- and eight ? terrible, figures
"foUowyhlm into' the 'the. fires.' •
Thy -halt, in single "file and .while the
Laughing 'Doctor and "the /"youngV man, ~
make; a-, long, silent ; prayer; of a'- basket*'
of Sacred \u25a0' meal ' we* h'ave^time •to note -their -
attire.'" The \ leader < being" described '^there ".'
comes "" t an ." 'array .\ of 1 lithe .;.." £.hd *f sinewy • •
bodies," dressed in moccasins and breech t
clcuts;> and -each -with its 'head: hidden in '.
aY- terrible ;ma.sk, 5 painted- to 'represent
some } god ' of -. Navajo .my tholbgy: '\u25a0:>• Some
of, the : dancers are painted white' all t ovCrj
with curious emblems upon' thetr
.others are -all 'black .with crooked; light
ning patterns in white or red upon their
arms and legs; others are dressed all- fn
black velvet afrtPwear black masks;: some
have wreaths' of ; evergreen about * their
necks -_ and waists, and nearly ; every - one
is crowned. with .two long eagle feathers,.
tipped with down.
\u0084- The -prayer , .finished, ..the Laughing
Doctrfr- advances -down the llnel
llng'. each, dancer " with the sacred ' meal,
returning-, to, his place.' " Then* the; leader
rushes^ to^ the -far end •of \u25a0 the- line, ; stop
ping" suddenly and throwing but his'arms
and givTnghis peculiar whoop/ and 'back
'again, doing , the same before' the' Laugh
ing Doctor. 4-, : 7'-. .\u25a0 '". \u25a0\u25a0- i '\u25a0\u25a0.'•-.\u25a0<...'•\u25a0'.
". -The first dancer advances until, he faces
Ithe host and begins;. with, his rattle' and
stamping 'with -one -foot " and \ hopping
slightly .on the- other, that, strange
rhythmic/, s^ep' of. Indian, dancers jwhose
very; monotony- is a; fascination. He .be
gins -the "; chant, which, Is , taken ";,u;V by
each : . dancer in turn; and the dance : is
on. They go "down the middle "and. back
and around andfdance together- in . a cir-
Continued on" Page j Seven.)The President
Tlie Sunday fall h*« »rt tired
the Mortal right* of Alfred lUory
X.*tvlV Brent novel «»f modem
politics. •The rrefiident," and
in-day klvc« Its reader* the
fourth Installment of whm in
«ti»eeded lo l>e the 1>e«l and
ulruncrsi ivorli of ihfs bril
liant, (rrnrhant writer, already
no well known as the author of
••Wolfvllle DajV and "The
llo*s. n "The President** will
appear in weekly installments
la The Sunday Call until com
pitted.
Copyright,. 1904, by A. S. Barnes & Co.)
gKCAI'SK Mr. Harley made it his
affectation to be boisterously
franl: and friendly upon short ac
quaintance, Storri met no vexa
tious delays in coming to an un
derstanding with him. You are not to as
sume that Mr. Harley was truthful be
cause he was boisterous or his frankness
wont freighted of no guile. It is com
monest error to believe your frankest
talker your greatest teller of truth,
vhereas in a majority of instances the
delusive garrulity is a mask or a feint,
meant only to cover facts and screen
designs of which the victim's first notice
is. snap! when they pin him like a steel
trap. Still Storri entertained no risks
when he broke into confidences with Mr.
Harley. It was Mr. Harley who listened
and Storri who talked; besides. Storri, in
any conflicting tug of interest, could be as
loyuaiious as Mr. Hariey, and as false.
It was diamond cutting diamond and
Orcck meeting Greek. Only, since Storri
was a Count and Mr. Harley one upon
when a title went not without binding
effect, Storri had a fractional advantage.
Siorri and Mr. Harley enjoyed several
casual talks— that is. Mr. Harley thought
them casual, although every one was
planned by Storri. In none did Storri un
rack his Enterprises; these talks were.
ieolers, and he was studying Mr. Harley.
Storri was , gratified to find Mr. Harley,
by native tiend, as rapacious and as much
the gambler as himself. Also, he observed
the licking satisfaction wherewith Mr.
Hurley listened to every noble reference;
with that Storri contrived— for his con
veisation— a fas-Tien of little personal king
dom en the Caspian, tossed himself up a
castle and entertained therein from time
to time about half the royal blood of Eu
:<>;>e; all to the marvelous delight of Mr.
llaiiey, whom Siorri never failed to wish
had been a jruest on those purple occa
s'ons.
At this seductive rate it was no more
than a matter of ten days before Mr.
Harley wont quoting his friend Storri; he
had that titled Slav to dinner, when the
latter became as much the favorite with
Mis. Hanway-Hailey as he was with her
1 udcV spouse.
Storri saw Dorothy, and was set burn
ing with a love for her' that, if the flame
were le.ss pure, was as instant and as
devouring as the love to sweep over Rich
ard upon the boot-heel evening when he
caught her in his arms. Storri forgot
liimself across table and his onyx eyes
were riveted upon Dorothy as though
their owner we-re enthralled.-
Dorothy felt at once flattered and re
pelled. She was interested, even ' while
she shuddered; It was as though she had
been made the object of the sudden. If
venomous, admiration of a king cobra.
"My friend," purred Storri one after
noon when he and Mr. Harley were alone,
"my good friend, I will no longer refrain
from taking you into my confidence, and
when I say that, you are to understand,
also, into the confidence of my Czar."
Storri rested his head in his hand a
moment and seemed to ponder the pro
priety of what he was about. Mr. Hariey
said nothing, but sat a-fidget with curi
osity. It is not given every American to
be taken, via a Count with estates on the
Caspian, into the confidence of a Czar.
"Yes, into the confidence of my Czar,"
repealed Storri. "See now, my friend, I
will lay bare my soul to you. I am re
solved that you shall be with me in my
\ast adventure. With you — who are prac
tical—who have business genius— my
Ureams will become realities. Without
you, I— who am a mere poet of finance—
an artist of commerce— would faiL I have
genius to conceive; I cannot carry out.
But you— you, my dear friend, are what
you call executive."
Mr. Harley felt profoundly flattered,
and showed It. Storri pushed on, watch
ing the other with the tail of his eye. The
slant survey was satisfactory; Mr. Har
ley showed half upon his guard and
wholly Interested.
"I have conceived projects so gigantic
they will stagger btilef. And yet they
are feasible; you will make them so. You
will take them and girdle the earth with
them as Saturn is girdled by its rings.
Observe now! These, my designs, have
the pood wishes of my Czar, and next to
him you are that one to whom they
are first told. Why do I come so far
with my dreams? I will tell you; it was
by command of my Czar.
" 'Storrl, you must go to America," were
his words. 'You would only stun Eu
rope: you would not gain her aid. -Qo
to America. There, and there only, will
you find what you require. " They, and
they of all men, have the courage, the
brains, the money, the enterprise, and—
shall I say?— the honor!"
Having quoted his Czar In these good
opinions of Americans, Storri rapidly and
In clearest sequence laid out his pro
grammes. Before he was half finished,
Mr. Harley went, following every word
with all his sense*. Storri was lucid;
Storri was hypnotic; Storri had Ws pro
jects so faultlessly in hand that, as he
piled up words, he piled up conviction
fn the breast of Mr. Harley.
Storri began with China, Being equip
ped for the conversation— which had
not been so much the result of romantic
chance as Mr. Harley might have sup-
IK>sr-d— he laid upon the table a square
of yellow silk. It was written over with
• Mnn«u> characters which, for all Mr.
Harley k:iew, might have been inscrip
tions copied from a tea chest. As a mat
ter of truth, they were genuine. The
silk wa3~ the record of a concession by
the Chinese Government, it save Storri,
or what company he might form,
the privilege 'of building a railway
across Ch|ha from c»a.st to -west.
He might select his port on -the Pacific,
build his road, and break into Russia on
the west and north at what point, best
matched the enterprise. Also, it granted
n rishl to buy land wherever It became
necessary, and to own what wharf and
water rights were required. Incidental
ly, ao- Storri said, It permitted gold dig
ging. -
"Yon. shall take It to the Chinese lega
tion!" exclaimed Storri. "They . shall
translate for you. ..Yes; it gives, gold
lisrhts. -.Gold? There is so much Bold In
China that your own CalifornlaTjecomes
J^ughkb.c oy cj.iii>a» _ - th^re. ami
fc'torri placed v little leathern rmtch on
ihe lab'e. "There are three ounce:*. Da
you know how they wore obtained? I
spread a blanket -in the ued of a little
stream, and weighted it with stones so
that It' lay flat. Then I took a stick and
tossed up "the mud and the sand of that
little stream, just above. The muddy
water, thick as . paint, flowed over the
blanket. In thirty minutes 1 took my
blanket ashore, and washed from the
sediment It had caucht. and held this
gold— three ounces! Bah: Gold? China
is the home of soldi But China and these
concessions are only the bejfinnlnjf.V
Storri sketched a steamship line to con
nect his Chinese railway with Puget
Sound. For ' this they ought to have a
subsidy from the' United States. From
Puget they must have a railway to Du
luth. On the Great Lakes, Storri would
have a line cf steamships.
'"Only, we will improve upon Those
lakes!" cried Storri. "It was that to
carry me to Ottawa."
Then Storri unrolled maps and reports
from Canadian engineers which vouched
the plausibility of a ship canal from a
deep-water point on that eastern arm of
Lake Huron called Georgian Bay to To
ronto on La!:e Ontario.
"It shall be two hundred feet wide," ex
plained Storri. "and thirty feet deep. The
distance is less than one hundred miles,
and the fall, less than one hundred feet.
To dig It will be child's play; you may
read the reports of the cnclneers; they
show how advantage may be had of a
Lake Simcoe, and of a little river.. Here
also are letters and guarantees . from
eminent men of Canada thet their parlia
ment will permit and protect the canal.
Less than one hundred miles long; and
yet that canal will cut off seven hun
dred."
Once in Lake Ontario at Toronto, Stor
ri's boats, by way of the St. Lawrence
—which might have to be dredged In
places — were to make a stralsht wake
for St. Petersburg, touching at English,
French, and German port?. The .ships
were to clear in Duluth for St. Peters
burg: and in St. Petersburg for Duluth.
They were to fly the American flag: that,
too. should mean a subsidy. Besides,
there must be an American commission
to confer with a Canadian commission
touching the canal. . . ..
Once in St. Petersburg, Storri would
have the aid of his own country in what
ever might be necessary to carr^»him
to the western terminus of his Chinese
railway. He had writings in French from
the Czar's government which set this
forth. Only, the Russian assurances were
made contingent upon a standing army
of "Ifs." "If Storri should throw a
railway across China; aVid "if" ho
should launch a line of steamships across
the Pacific— the same fostered by the
Washington Government with a subsidy
—and "if" all and* singular . the railway
from Puget to Duluth. .the Canadian
canal, and the line of steamships from
Duluth to St. Petersburg — also with a
subsidy— were once extant and in opera
tion, then the Czar would step gracious- .
Jy in and see what might be done in forg
ing those final Russian railway \u25a0 links
required to unite the ends of this inter
esting chain."
"And you are to know," went on Storri,
"that my government, the St. Petersburg
Government, is paternal. It will give
whatever. In the way of land rights and
loans, is demanded by the exigencies of
the project. -.
"And there," cried Storri in conclusion,
as he shoved maps, papers, and conces
sions. Russian, Canadian, and Chinese,
across to Mr. Harley. "is an idea the
magnificence of which the ages cannot
parallel! It Is simple, it is great! We
shell have three-score small com
panies — that is, small compared
with the grand one I am to
name. We shall have land and banking
and lumber *Rd mining and railway and
steamship and canal companies. We shall
have companies owning elevators and fac
tories and stores and mills. Each will »
employ a capital of from two to two
hundred millions of dollars. ' Over all.
and to own the stock of those smaller
ones, we must throw a giant company.
Do you know what It will require? Do
you realize what its capital must be? It
will call for the cost price of an empire,
my friend; It will demand full thirty bil
lions! Think of the president of such a
company! He will have rank by him
self; he will tower above kings. What
shall we call it? Name It for that mighty
Portuguese who was first to send his ship
around the globe: name it Credit Ma
gellan!" v
Mr. Harley wiped the sweat from his
forehead. It was a day in October, one
reasonably cool, and yet, when Storri'
ended with his Credit Magellan and came
to a full stop. Mr. Harley was in a per
spiration. It was those thirty billions
that did It. Mr. Harley was no stole
to sit unmoved in the presence of such
\u25a0wealth, and the graphic Storri« made
those billions real.
When Storri had done, Mr. Harley
gulped and gasped a bit, and then asked
If he might retain the armful of papers
for further consideration. He would like
to go over them carefully; particularly
those Canadian reports and assurances
that related to the canal.
"My dear, good friend," cried Storri,
with a magnificent wave of the hand,
"you may do what you will!"
There are men. reckoned shi'cwd 'in
business, whose shrewdness can be over
come by ciphers. It Is' as .though they
were wise up to seven figures. Mr. Har
ley was of these; he had his boundaries.
His Instincts were solvent, his policies
sound, his suspicions full of life and
courage, so that you went no higher
than nine millions. Burdened beyond that,
his Imaginations would break down; and
since his Instincts, his policies and his
suspicions rested wholly upon his imag
natlon, when the latter fell the others
must of need go. with it. There ij a
depth to money just as there Is to a lake;
when you led Mr. Harley in beyond the
nlne-milllon-dollar mark he began to
drown. When Storri— Pclioii 4 upun Ossa—
piled steamship on railway, and canal on
steamship, and banking and lumber and
miniiig and twenty other companies' on
top of these, Mr. Harley was dazed and
benumbed. When Storri' concluded and
capped all with his Credit Magellah, cap
ital thirty billions, it was, so faras Mr.-
Harley is to be considered, like taking. 'a
child to sea. In the haze and the blur
of it. Mr. Harley could see nothing, say
nothing; his impulse was to be alone and
collect himself. He felt as might " one
who has been staring af the sun. Storri's
picture of an enterprise co vast that it
proposed to set'' out the -world like a
mighty pan of milk, and skim the "cream
from two hemispheres, dazzled him and
caused his wits to lose their, way."
At the end of three days^, Mr. Harley:
had begun to get his bearings; he was
still fascinated, but.the fog was. lifting.
Step by step he went over Storri's grand
proposals; and, while he had now his
eyes, each step seemed only to take him
more deeply into a wilderness of admira
tion. That very admiration \u25a0 filled him
with a sense of dull alarm. He resolved
to have other counsel; than his own.
Were he and Storri to. embark upon this
world-girdling enterprise, they, must have
ALFRED
HENRY
LEWIS
money-heii.. <.'*e would take the project"
to " certain money-loving souls ;' he would \u25a0
get their opinions by asking their aid.
Mr. Harley went to New York and
called about him a quintet of gentlemen,
each of whom had been with *him and
Senator Hanway in more than one affair
of shady profit. Mankind does not change,
its methods change, and trade ( has -still
its Kidds. and Blackbeards. • Present com
merce has its pirates and its piracies;'
only the buccaneers of now do not launch
. ships, but stock ; companies, while Wall'
and Broad streets are their ' Spanish
Main. They do "not, like Francis Drake,
lay off and qh at the Isthmus to stop'
plate ships; they seek their palleons;4n
the Stock Exchange. Those five to gatnier;
at- tlie call of Mr. Harley were of \ our
modern Drakes. He told them, under seal
of secrecy, Storri's programme, and -put
before them the documents, Russian, Ca
nadian and Chinese. , -.
Mr. Harley felt" somewhat justified of
his own enthusiasm when he observed
the serious glow UT the eyes of those five.-
They sent to Mott street, and brought
back a learned Oriental to translate the
Chinese silk. The Mott street one, him
self a substantial merchant and a Mongol
of high caste, appeared wrapped in' rus
tling brocades \u25a0 and an odor'= of opium.
When he beheld the yellow silk he bent
himself, and smote the floor three times
• with r his forehead. 'More than anything \u25a0
told by Mr. Harley did this profound
obeisance of the; Mott street Oriental
leave its impress upon the . five." They,
themselves, bowed ;to nothing save gold;
the silken document- must record a fran
chise of gravity and money-moment to
thus set their visitor to beating the carpet
•with his head! Having done due honor to
the Emperor's signature,; the Mott street
one gave Mr. Harley and his friends the
silken"- document's purpQrt in English.* It
granted eveqy . right, railway, wharf and
gold, asserted by Storri. Then Mr. Har
ley wired' that nobleman to join them In
New York.
Storri had not -been informed of Mr.
Harley's Now York visit. But he had
counted on it. and the summons in
no wise ' smote '\u25a0 him with surprise.
Once with . Mr. Harley and the ad
venturous fivo, Storri again Went over
his project, beginning' at the Chinese
Railway and closing with Credit Magel
lan, : capital $30,000,000,000. Not one , who
heard went unconvinced; not one but was
willing* to commence in practical fashion
the carrying out oorf r this high > financial
dream. . - ' ;
It was the romance— for money-making
has its romances— and the adventurous
uncertainty of the thing; the pushing' into
the unknown, j which ' ; formed i the \u25a0'•"\u25a0 lure.'
Have . you . ever \ considered that nine oC
ten among those who went with De Soto
and Balboa and Coronado and Cortez a-ml
Pizarro, if asked by some qu!et neigh
bor, would have refused him the loan of
$100 unless secured by fivefold the valuo?
-And' yet the last' man jack would peril
life and fortune blindly in a voyage to
worlds unknown, for profits guessed. at,
against dangers neither to be counted npr
foreseen. Be not too much . stricken of
amazement, therefore, -.when now these
cold ones, who would not have bought an
American railroad without counting the
cross-tiesT and weighing every spike, and
fish-plate, were ready to send millions
adrift |on a sightless invasion of ' Asia
10,000 miles away.; Besides, as the fivs with
Mr. Hariey laid out their campaign,. any
question of Oriental danger was for Ihe
present put aside. - /• • \- '\u25a0; ;- •*' .
, "The way. to commence," said' one <t
the rive— one grown, gray in first looting
companies and then scuttling them— "tho
w-ay to commence is by getting possession
of Northern Consolidated. Once. In con
trol \u25a0of the railroad,- we have linked the
Pacific with the Great Lakes; ; after that
we can" turn to ; the ' matter ' of "subsidies
for the. two steamship lines, , and the ap
pointment "of those commissions to con
sider the Canadian canal." Then, turn
ing, to \ Mr. Harley: "You. of course,
speak for Senator Hanway?"
Mr. Harley gave assurance that Senator
Hanway, for what ; might be 'demanded
Congressionally'," . would \u25a0', •;. be > \u25a0 with -,: him.'
Then they, laid; their ; plotting heads to
gether, over a conquest j of , Northern', Cdn
solidated. ' . ; j .
Under; the experienced counsel of the
old gray scuttler. of : Innocent' companies,
this procedure was resolved upon.. North
ern Consolidated .was selling at 43.' 'At
that figure over" $40,000,000 : would be re
quired to , buy ; the road, f; There ' was little
or 'no chance ;of j its reaching a .. higher
quotation, during, the coming ninety, days;
and ninety / days 'would ; . bring them Into
February; with i Congress in ; session ; over,
two monthsX: . j";' \ V; •
No. it was! not ; the purpose of the pool
to buy ' Nor thern Consolidated | at; 43 ; those
.\u25a0ij-it'V'sAx sunday V.gall.;
gifted stock ospreys knew a better plan.
They would begin with a "bear" move
ment against the stock. It was l their ba"
lief. if the market were properly un
dermined, that- Northern Consolidated
could be sold down below 20, possi
bly; as low. us 15. When It had
"reached lowest levels they would make!
their swoop. The pool would have enough
profit from the "bear" movement to pay.
for the road. If they succeeded in sell-,
ing Northern Consolidated off twenty
points— and they believed,, by going cau
tiously and intelligently to work, the
feat was .easy— the profits would equal
the purchase sum required.
In "bearing", the stock and breaking
it down to a point where the pool might ,
seize upon the road without risk or out
lay on Its own intriguing part, the potent ,
Senator Hanway would come in. At the ,
beginning of Congress he must offer a '
Senate resolution, for. a special commit-,
tee of three to investigate certain claims
and j charges against . Northern Consoli
dated. That corporation had long owed
the Government, no one knew how much.
It had stolen timber and stripped moun
tain ranges with Its larcenies; also it ,
had , laid rapacious paw. *ipon vast ;
stiotthes of "the public domain. It was
within the power jof | the committee, act- \
ing, honestly,' to report Northern Consol
idated as in default to the Goverr.ment
for what number of millions. its indignant
Imagination might fix upon? Who was to
j measure the road's lumber robberies, or
those thefts of/land? Moreover, the van
. dal aggressions iof Northern Consolidated
made-a reason' for rescinding divers pub
lic, grants— the present values* whereof
were almost too high for estimation, and:
without which the road could not exist
-that, in its inception as «i railroad, had
been made It by Congress.
Senator • Hanway, under Senate cour
tesies, would be named' chairman of the
special"' committees. ; : He would conduct
the investigation and write the report..
It was reasonable ; to assume, under the
public as' well! as the private conditions
named," that; Senator. Hanway's findings,:
and the Senate action he must, urge and
bring, about, Would knock the bottom out
of Northern Consolidated. It must fall to
twenty by everyy rule - : •; of .' speculation.
.Tracing.. collection by the Government of
those claims for lands ravished; and pine :
trees swept away, to | say i naught ; of los- :
Jng original grants which.. were as Its
life-blood to .Northern; Consolidated, -, the ;
.value or the stock— to speak, most hope
fully in Its favor— would be diminished*
by. one-half .;, r •\u25a0'.:-% \u25a0> . . " <\u25a0 <
I The . conspirators grew in confidence as ,;
they talked,' arid at,the. end -looked \upon
Consolidated as, already. in' their,
. talens. They - named ' the . old ; gray • buc
carieer to manage - for ? the;; pool. iThe ,
amount to be paid In by each of the eight;
!taembers— for they counted Senator; Han- ,
way— was settled ;at. five" hundred - thou-;
sand 'dollars!; Four millions : would; be. re- ,
quired to' start the ball rolling ;: the Vbear'.'v
': movement f; In '"-, the beginning % would de-.
•, mand margins. , Once .under: headway, ,' it
would ' take care of | Itself. I It J would suc
ceed like .a barrel ; ;,>
r.' ; ; Storri, did ; not : protest the suggestion
of ; the,' old; gray buccaneer that four Snlljl
lions 'V be £ contributed Ito j form j a. ; working |
capital for the pool.-^HIs share of a half- •
million meant fifty thousand more dollar.*
than . Storri at the. time possessed, but
he did not propose to have the others dis
cover the fact. Somehow he would scrape
together those, fifty thousand; his note
might do. Being, like every savage, a
congenial gambler, Storri went ; into' the
pool with zest as well as confidence, ' and
rejoiced, in speculation that offered
chances wide ; enough to employ his last
dollar in tho stake. Moreover, those four
millions would not "be asked for, before
the first of January/Other speculations
might Intervene, and provide those lack-
Ing fifty thousand.
;Mr. Harley. laid the Storri project, and
the plans of the pool to seize Northern
Consolidated, before Senator Hanway.
That candidate for the Presidency knitted
his brow and pondered the business. As
"with Mr.. Harley and the pirate five, the
mad grandeur of the idea charmed him.'
One element seemed plain; there could
come no'frvss from the raid on Northern
Consolidated. He might go' that far witii
safety, and. a- certainty of profit: for in
the Senate committee of investigation lie!
himself, would play the controlling care.
; : "The. proposal," said Senator .Hanway,.
when he- and -Mr. ; Harley' conferred,
"while gigantic in Its unfoldment, scem^a
reasonable one. After all, it Is I the :
amount involved that staggers rather'
than what obstablea must be overcome.
Taken piecemeal. v I do not say that the
entire scheme, even Credit Magellan,
with Its thirty billions, may not . work
through. \u0084 The resolution naming, a com
mittee " to. look into . the claims - ana
charges, against Northern. Securities
ought to help my Presidential canvass.
It cannot avoid telling In my favorwith
thoughtful v men. \u25a0 They will see that I
am- one who is jealously guarding public
Interests." , . . ' .
"Ani the resolution.", suggested Mr.
Harley. "appointing a commission for the
Canadian canal, and inviting, the Ottawa
government .to .do the same, ought
. also to * meak in your ' favor. . : Consider
what an impetus' such a waterway would
give Lour.? Northwestern commerce*"
•-. •Y'Y.es," .replied .Senator Hanway, "I
tHlrik you are right. It will knock a third
off freight j rates \on much of the ' trade
between the oceans, and save heavily ip
[ time. Those subsidies., however, must go
over. until next session. ; Subsidies are not
'. popular, and these mu?t be left until af
ter noxt November's ejections. Then, of
course, they may -be safely, taken .up.?
- '-.: The various conferences over-. Storri's
enterprise and the consequent coming to
gether^ of • Storri and Mr., Harley, took
place aT faw weeks prior to Richard's ap
pearance in this chronicle! > Both .Storri
and : Mr.^Harley were fond pf stocks In
their una , . and ,-: downs, and \u25a0 now, - being
t :much - , together,;^ they, - were* .In . and
out , as " partners In ,a '_ dozen » different
: deals. 1 '.Mr., Harley; .attended to most
of theseVand Storri learned certain pecull
. arltles^belonglng to that gentleman; Mr;
Harley, . for. one- solvent matter, 'was pe
nurious to : the point of ' dimes ; . also. "Mr/
Harley/ took) no risks. Mr. Harley was
wHling:tobook:a' joint deal jih- both Stor
ri's name arid '; his'. own; r or- In ; his own: for
the I common' good of Stprri - ; and himsel f .
j But ; Mr. • Harley , would ' not y give : a joint
order > solely. in Storri's ' name." • Evidently,
j Mr. Harley Iwould' not "trust' Storri -to" dl-
vide .profits with him where the case- rest
ed only upon, that Russian's honor. No
more would. he draw his own check, for
Storri's margins; and one day our noble
man lost money because of Mr. Harley's
cautious delicacy In that behalf. The mar
ket went the wrong way, and Storri could
not s be found when additional margins
'were called fpr. Whereupon Mr. Harley
closed out his. friend at a loss of $7000.
Storri knitted his brows when he knew,
but offered no comment. In fact, he treat
ed the affair so lightly that Mr. Harley
'felt relieved; that latter speculator t had.
been somewhat disturbed In his mind con
"cerning Storri's opinion of what, to give
it a best description, evinced niggard dis
trust of Storri, and cast In negative fask
ion a slur upon that gentleman.
Mr. Harley was too ready with his be
lief in Storri's Indifference; that the lat
ter, for all hi 3 surface stoicism,. took a
serious, not to say a revengeful, view of
.the business, found indication on a later
painful day. The experience taught Storrl
that he might expect neither favor nor
generosity from Mr. Harley; and this,
'considering how,, in all they roust ad
venture in Credit Magellan Mr. Harley
would have him In hia power, filled Storri
•with an .angry .uneasiness. ; He decided
that for hia own security. If nothing more,
he might better bestir himself to gain. a
counter grip upon Mr. Harley. And there
upon Storri began to He In ambush for
Mr. Harley; and at a lurking, sprawling
warfare >that sets gins and deadfalls, and
bases Itself on surprise, your savage
<makes a formidable soldier. '
Storri, wisely and without price, had one
-day aided a sugar company in securing
Russian foothold in Odessa. . That aid. was
ground-bait meant' to lure the sugar fa
vor. This' sugar company made more
profit on its stocks, than. on Its sugar. It.
was in the habit, -with one device or an
other, of : sending the quotations of Its
shares up and down like an elevator. In
requital of that" Odessa good, the presi
dent of the sugar company, the week
after, r gave Storrl a private hint to sell
sugaristock., Storri responded by placing
an order; selling 10,000 shares.,.
Storri , took no one Into his confidence
touching sugar. . poing the other way, -he
urged, Mr. Harley '.to buy on their mutual
account", 2000 shares, assuring ; him ,that
he had been given word, from sources ab
solutely sure, of, a comlns "bull"-: move
ment in the stock. „ "-' '\u25a0:'.'. '\u25a0.:»', " :
Mr. Harley, who knew of that Odessa
-favor, believed. Storri, as further evi
dence of ; faith, gave Mr. Harley a check
\u25a0 covering what . Initial^ margins would be
•required for his * half -or the purchaser'
and then to make all secure, h« placed]
in Mr. Harley's hands two hundred
shares of a Frerch company wt>rtli thai
day fifteen thousand dollars.' '' 4
. ."I don't want any argument to exist,"
laughefl Storrl. as he gave .Mr. Harley
ths French securities, "Tor closing ma out
should a squall strike the market. Now
I shall go to the club."
Mr. .Harley also laughecV and took- th«
French stock: acceptance always cams
easy, with Mr. Harley. ' \u25a0 « - ..
Mr. Harlev bought those two thousand!
sugar shares at eleven o'clock. . Two
hours later an extra was betas cried
about the streets. The sugar company
had ordered half of its refineries closed |
some alleged lccse screw In sugar trada
was given as the reason.
With .the order • closing down tho re-^
fineries, the stock began to tumbl*^
Within thirty minutes It had "slumped
off six points. There came a call for far
ther margins, and Mr. Harley offered
Storri's French stock. l?R»-5t' > \u25a0 \u25a0
The security was undeniable, but a
technicality got in the way to. trip. 3lr.
Harley. The French securities were/or
iginal shares, issued In Storri's name.
On the back, however, there, was \no
. Storri signature makin; the usual assign
ment In blank. The shares. In their pres
ent shape, would not be received. Mr.
Harley flew to a nearby telephone and
called. ur) StorrL ". , .»
"There Is npt time for me to get there-!"
f crie«J tbtt designing gentleman excitedly.
'He was a half-mile away. "Don't -.hesi
tate; clap my name on the backs of the
certificate"? yourself. They don't know
my signature; and no one wiJ! think of
questioning it. comins through 1 - -.your
hamLs." ; , ,• .
\u25a0 There was nj other waj^^thereupon
Mr. Harley, in a ferment * with tumbling
prices, picked up a pen," arid, with the
best intentions In life; forced Storrl'3
name. Then he hurried to. ts« "broker's
.and s:ot uu ihe m.irsin^. '
. It was not a squall. It was a storm,
and snsjur was broken off at the joots,
falling twenty points. Storrt. on hfsprl
vt.te tienl. made two hundred thousand,
\u25a0while >!e3srs. Hurley and Storri. on .their
lofnt acc\iurtt, lost forty tbousand dollar?
. — twenty thousand for each. In the clean
up, Storri paid tis losjes and, got back
his Vrerch »ham. Ho smiled an ;'evll
smile as h© cont?OTplated Mr. .Harley's-art
"tcmytr. t« mock his signature..",. '-^5A^
*' "He.loses twenty thousand," "commented
Storri, "and that should oidre than- offset
those seven thousand lost hjtf me when he
refused to protect my deal 3. As'jos these:'"
and here Storrl ran. a dark, exultant glanceover his imitated signatures, "every om
of them makes a reason why my good
friend. -Mr. Hariey. must now phase me
and obey me in everything he does. • Aftei
•'ill. is It a destiny, beneath his, jowlisl
fat deserts, that an American pig shouk
become slavv to a Russian noble?"
< hapti::* vi:.
Hoiv ;*ir!i:iril «.alur«i la Knonlrder,
<"ong-ies!? rame t>g:ether at noor
upon tho liret iiondny in December
and obt-dfont to Uic ' mandate of th(
caucus Mr. Frost was made Speakei
Frost. The rruptive Mr. Hawke wore
an injurod air, and when the. drawing
for seats took place, selected one In a
far bnck row, as though retiring fron*
public life. Mr. Hawkc subsequently
iviuscd to serve as chairman of the
triangular committee nam^d to notify
tho President that th^ House had con
voncd. and his declination was accept
ed by Speaker Frost. who calmly
filled* tiie place with a member whom
Mr. Hawke despised. Then the House
swung into the channel and went
plowing ahead upon the business ol
the session and in forty-eight hours
Mr. Hawkc. forgotten, had ctayed to
be important to any save himself. Th«;
nhol«* of that first . Monday night
Speaker Frost put in with Senator
Hanway in the letter's study, revising
committee lists and settling chairman
ships with the purpose of advancing
the White House chances of Senator
Hanway sind destroying those of Gov
ernor Obstinate.
Although Congress had begun . its
session. no change was made -ir
\u25a0those morning calls of -Richard
who carrir religiously at clever
to listen to Senator Hanway and look at
Dorothy. The latter young lady was
never absent from the interviews; she
had conceived, a wonderful interest in
politics, and savej her "Uncle Pat" no
peace. Richard's 'call commonly lasted
but a half-iiour, for Senator ' Hanway
must be In the Senate chamber at noon.
Thirty heavenly minutes they were; Dor
othy and Richard promised arid again
promised undying love to one another
with their eyes. Senator ILinway never
suspected this love-making, never inter
cepted one soft glance; for your politician
is like a horse wearing 1 blinkers, seeing
only the road before him, thlnklnsr of
nothing but himrelf. One morning after
Senator H.inway had departed. Dorothy
took Richard across to meet the blonde
pythoness. Dorothy said she wanted
Bess to s*e Richard, of whom she was
privily proud. '
The Marklins lived across the street
from tr-e Harley house. Mother Marklin
was an Inva'id an<l seldom . cut of her
own room. Father ' Marklin was <lead.
and had been these five years. When
the situation promoted her to be the liead
of the Markiin household, Bes3 had taken
on a quiet, grave atmosphere of author
ity that was ten years older than her
ag<=.
The Marklins were fair rich. Father
Marklin had been a physician whose pa
tients were women of fashion; and that
makes a practice wherein your doctor
may know less medicine and make . more
money than In any other walk of drugs.
A woman likes big bills froti a physi
cian If the malady be her own; she
draws importance from the size . of the
hills. When one reflects that there .is
nothing to some women except; their
achis and their ailments. It ail seems ra
tional enough. These be dangerous di
gressions; one might better return to the
drug-dealing parent of Bess, who visited
th t fair sufferers In a. Brewster brough
am and measured out. his calls by. min
utes, watch in hand. I He heaped up-a
fortun<- for Bess and her raptn'cr, and
then at one. and the same moment quit
both his practice and the. world.
Wh<?n Dorothy came, in with Richard,
thiy found Bpes entertaining a caller,
Tho calkr was a helpless person named
Mr. Fop.ing.
"Mr. Etcrms,. permit me to make you
acquainted with Mr. Fopling,? obi.erv.ed
Bess, afttr --orothy had presented Rich
ard.
When Bers named Richard io Mr. Fop
ling." she did so vTlt!i a. maytiT-rsl'-ctTt
mony flourish that was protecting ar:<l
mannish. Richard grinned i:i friendship
upon Mr. Fopling, who &hook luuvJs flab
bily and aefn:<-t! uncertain of his mental
«iircctio;i. Richard said nothing, through
fear of overwhelming^ Mr. FopMnv.
Mr. Fooling was. equally silent through
fear of overwhelming himself. Released
from Richard. Mr. Fopling found refuge
la the 'chair he had quitted, and ma:n
taiijud himself without sound or motion,
bolt upright, staring straight ahead. Mr.
Fupling had a vacant expression, and his
fate was not an advantageous face. .It
was round, pudgy, weak, with shadows of
p^tulancv about the mouth, and the fore
head sloped away at an ansle which
house-builders, . speaking of roofs, call a
QUarter-pitchJ His chin, acting on the
bint «lter« d by the forehead, was likewise
to full retreat. Altogether, one might
have said of Mr. Fopling that if he were
not a dt-lightful. at worst he would never
become a dangerous companion^ Richard
surveyed him wii.i * deal of curiosity;
thon he questioned Dorothy with a glance.
. "Bess is to marry him," whispered
Dorothy.
"What fur?" whispert . Richard, off hi*
guard. Then, pulling himself together In
o.nfu.sion: "Of course, he loves her. I
dare say. Your friend Bess is a beautiful
SiriV
Richard brought forth the last with,
hurried unction. It wa3 a running rt
diatk to make; it drey,- Dorothy's atten
tion off Mr. Fopling. whom she v/cs pre
paring to defend w...ii spirit; and centered
it upon liersTlf. At Richard's observa
tion, so flattering to Bess, she tossed her.
head.
"Is she?" said Dorothy, viith a falling
inflection, vastly severe.
The two win.- near a .window and quite
alone, for Bess had stepp?d Into the hall i
to give directions to a servant. Mr.
Fopling sat the length of the rjom ay.ay,
wrap;>cd in meditation. Rk-hard looK«»d
t'-nd^r'.y apologetic, and Dorothy, after
hparklir.§ for a Jealous moment, softened
to be in sympathy with Richard.
nd the strange thing was that neither
imd «*vcr wiid one word of love to the
othrr. T ">' had begun to love at sight.
Ua.ng oach ot^her for grantod. worship
ing irankly, swoetly. with the candid, In
not-cut informality of barbarians to whom
tho conventional was the unknown. Af-'
tor all, why not? Isn't word of eye as
sacred an, word of mouth? j :
Hess rciurn^d to them from the hall.
-I say, Bess!" bleated Mr. Fopllng anxV
iuusOy.
"In a. moment, child!" returned Bess,
ill maternal tones.
./jr. Fop. lug relapsed, while Richard
tvys amujcj. b.-tie corner of Richard's
lmuscmer.t must have stuck out • to at
irae-t the notice of Bess. She met It
Incljr, undisturbed.'
"Some day, Mr. Storms," beamed Boss,
is though replying to a question. "I shall
alk to yon on marriage and husbands.'"'
"Why not on marriage and wives?"
\u25a0\u25a0Because I would not 'speak ' of. the
jhilosophcr «nd the experiment, but of
he cxperlnscnt and the resiilt. Mar
iag-e is ;t cause; the husband an-ef
'ect. -Husbands are artificial and- made
jy marriage. Wives, like.- pools, are
>orn. not made. I shall talk to you on
: marriage and husbands; I have som<
original ideas, I assure-you."
"Now I can well believe thct," dc
dared Richard, much tumbled^ about Ii
liis mind.. Bess*' harangue left hln
\u25a0wondering whether she mJrjht not bn
'possessed of a- mild mania on wedlocl
and husbands. '
' / "You neod have no .misgiving's," re
turnt-d Bess, as thought reading hi;
• thoughts; • "you 'will "find me sane -ti
the verge- of- commonplace."
Itiohard's stare was the mote to Mr
Fopling's; he could not decide just "nov
to lay hold on the sibyl of the goldet
•locks. Perceiving him wandering ir
his wits. Dorothy took him up<warmly
"Can't you see Bess is laughing ai
-you?" she cried. •'
-"You • know ' her so ' much bet
ter than I," argued Richard in extenua
tion of his dullness. "Some day I hop<
to be so well acquainted with Mis:
Marklin as to know when she laughs.'
• "You are to knov/ her as well as I do,'
returned Dorothy with decision, "foi
Be-ss is my dearest frierid." .
"And that, I'm sure, "_ observed Rich
ard, craftily measuring • forth a two
edged compliment, "Is the highest pos
sible word that could be spoken . o1
•either." ' - ~".
At this speech Dorothy was visiblj
disarmed; v.'hereat" Richard congratu
lated himself.
- "To.be earnest with you. Mr. Storms,'
said Bess, with jus: a flash of teasing
wickedness toward Dorothy, '"I gc
about, even now, carrying the impres
sion of knowing you / extremely well
Dorothy reads* me.your letters from the
Daily Tory; sb«» 'lias elevated literarj
tastes, you know. No, it is not what
you" write, It is the "way you write it
that charms her. and, that I may the
better appreciate, she obligingly ac
companies her readings with remarks
descriptive of the author." ',\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0
"Bess, do you think that fair?" and
Dorothy's face put on a reproachful
red. . .
"At least it's t true," returned Bess
composedly. \u0084 .. •
I That morning Richard had been flat
tered with a letter from the. editor o(
a magazine, asking for a five-thousand
word article on a leading, personality
of the Cabinet. This, helped him bear
tho raillery of Bess;, and the raillery,
per incident, told- him how, much and
deeply he was in the thoughts of Doro
thy, which Information made the world
extremely beautiful. Richard had wait
ed until, his thirtieth year to begin to
live! He was brought back from a
dream of; Dorothy by- the ;unexpected
projection of Mr. Fopling into the con
versation. " . \u25a0'-,/. • .
"The Daily Tory!" repeated Mr. Fop
ling. In. feoble disgust. "I hate newspa
palis; they inflame the mawsses.'" |t
"Inflame what?" asked Richard.
- "Infiame the mawsses I the; common
Mlahs:" .
Mr. Fopling. was emphatic; and -when
Mr. Fopling was emphatic he squeaked.
M»\ Fopling's father- had been .a, beef
contractor. Likewise he had seen trou
ble with investigating commltteet. r belng
convicted of bad beef. This mayor may
not have had to do wivh the younger
Fopiing's aversion. to the press. ;.
"Certainly," coincided • Bess, again \u25a0 as
suming the maternal, j "the - newspapers
are exceedingly inflarrimatory." . • '. :
"Your friend Bess," said • Richard to
Dorothy, later, "is a bit of bluestocking,
isn't rhe?— one of those girls who give
themselves to the dangerous practice. of
.thinking?",' . . -. ; . \u0084 - . . -;
"I love her from my heart!" .returned
Dorothy,, with .' a -splendid -.irrelevance
wholly feminine; *'she/, is a-.girl-of.^pld-IV
""Mf.Fopllng; he's/of: gold, r t6o. I take
it." *.. \u25a0•\u25a0' t, .\u25a0\u25a0 >*1 ;:. -_ , ;-. N - ..-..'
\u25a0 "Mr. Fopling is very wealthy." - - ,
. "Weil, I'm glad he's something," ob
eerved;Richard.: / \u25a0 •> . .
"You hate hini because. he spoke ill, of
newspapers." said -Dorothy teaslngiy.
- "Naturally, '--when a-, giant hand / .is
st retched. f or th"agal!tst the tree by which
one - lives.- -onc-'s slarm runs" away- Into
hate." laughed Hichard. '
Richard, now that the • Daily Tory let
ters wire winning praise, that Is to say,
were being greatly applauded and con
demned, began- to have Jn them a
mightier prioe than ever. Educated those
year.-; abroad, he felt the want of<an
American knowledge, and sfsrled in to
study government- at .point-blank range.-
Nights hu read history, mostly .political!,
and days he went about like a Diogenes
without the lamp. He put himself 'in -the
way of Cabinet men and talked with Sen
ators and Representatives concerning
Congressional movements of tlie day.
Being quick, he made discoveries; gome
of thtm personal to himself.. As cor
respondent of a New York daily, those
Cabinet folk and men' of Congress en
countered llimjiffabiy; when he was not
present they spoke ferociously of him and
hlsycraft, es convicts curse' a guard bs
h'nd his back, and for much a convict's
reason*
It v/as the same at the club without
th.- affability. Present or absent, there
they turned unsparingly upon him. Rich
ard's status as a' newspaper maii had
been explained 'and fixed, and they . of
the ciub Mkcd him 'less than before. Tht
f'oplhijr feeling toward the press pre-:
3oininate-d "at the j club,' and although
Richard was never openly snubbed— his
•liuulucrs were too wide for that— besides.
iom«: sigh of those hand-grips with Storri
had gone about— the feeling was jpanifest.
fhis cool distance pleased Richard rather
than othtrwlse, and he went often to tht
:lub : to enjoy it. It was parcel of his
ift'tcted «'yniclsm to like an enemy. .
Whfn Richard came to- Washington It is
•nore than a chance" that he was a pa -
Lroit.' But !ie he went about' he; saw
nuch to blunt the sentiment/ A statesman
s one who helps his country; a : politi
cian (s one who helps himself. Richard
found shoals of the latter and none of the
ither class. One day he asked Speaker
frost, whom he met In Senator Han
way's study, his 'definition of, a states
nan.
:"A statesman." said, that cpigramist,
'is a dead politician."
Richard frequented House- and Senate
?allenes; it was interesting to watch the
lotablfs transacting- their fame. The de
t>at*K were a <yoss-fl re of deceit. Not a
member gave his" true reasons for ' the
k'otes he cast; he gave what he wanted
the world to think were his reasons.
Finance was on the carpet in that- hour.
»nd bimetallism and monometallism, ?il-,
fcr versus "gold, ' t were In "-\u25a0 every one's
nouth. Richard saw that .the; goldbugo
lailed from- money-lending constltuen"-"
while tho *llverbugs v/ere invariably
from cither money-borrowing constitu
encies or constituencies that had silverto
sell. And every man legislated for his
listrict and never for the country ;*whlch
Richard rrgarded as an extremely narrow
•ourse. Kyery man talked. of the people's;
nterest; i Very ;man was thinking of his
>wn Interest and striving only to locate
he butter, on his political , bread. / v; -l;:
iThere" was a third class, made up of
.hose who were neither goldbugsnor sil-~
.•erbugs; they were, straddlebugs," and.
Ike the two sldrs of. the'shield, would be
rold when .looked at by - one contingent'
md silver when viewed by the other.
Senator Hanway. .whose:.; monk's face
itemed to mark him ks private secretary •
if'the Genius /of Patriotism, was an eml-i
lent Btraddlebug. .He .was thinking ori
THE. ;SAN;; FRANCISCO^ SUNDAY •.-;GALL.^!
-those delegations j that' would make .vi
the' convention and choose -a. - candidat
for the" Presidency. -The prudent Senato
Hanway would be .in line with all ! opln
• ions,' and occupied -both ; sides -of . -th
mmiey question without becoming -th'
open champion: of, either. /
- Not .alone did .Richard,- gazing fron
"the galleries, lose faith, in the patrlotlsn
of -House; and Senate, men, .but .he begai
to doubt the.verity of their partisanship
Considering* what- they :' did, rather thai
what they said. .he discovered . that ; th'
true difference between- the two .great po
litii-al parties was the difference betweei
cat owls. - and horned owls, and lay main
}y in the noises they made.\ When It cami
to deeds, both killed chickens, and botl
appeared equaliy ready to pillage the hei
roosts - of V. government. ,As for govern
ment— that',is to say, the thing control
ling and not the thing controlled; it wa;
made up "of the President., the Speaker
%and a , dozen more in Cabinet and Con
gress; and that was government. '. .
The picture nourished Richard's failing
of cynicism,. and served to dull that cdgi
.of I native patriotism., which It was as
sumed he owned \ when first he came. H>
got an Impression of government that lef
him nothing -to fight and bleed: and. dl<
•for should the- thick" mutter of Ithe war
.drums: call" folk /to .-the field. Good-, poll
ties, aslthe'term' ls practiced, means ba<
' patriotism, and. Washington was a; nes
of politics ' and,: nothing else' beside?.' .I. I
made decisively;- a" situation, 'so Richan
/was driven to 'conclude, wherein that' mai
should "be the best patriot /who knev
least of his own governrnent:~.he;. shouU
light . harder and suffer more'cheerfullj
and die more blithely In its defense ii
exact 'proportion to his ignorance of whon
and what he ;was' fighting arid suffering
and dying for.. It' was a sullen conclu
slon surely; but, .forced home upon Rich,
ard, \u25a0"' it taught him/ a vitriolic.' harshness
that, getting into his ' letters /.".t0 Jlavoi
all he wrote, gave'hlm national- vVgue
and added to that mixture of hatred ant
admiration with -which official-W ashing
ton was already beginning to regard him
I Neither did -he : escape forming oertalr
estimates- of Senator Hanway, and the
white purity •of i' what ] motives underlaj
hi,« public career. For all that, Richare
"was . quite ;' as-sedulous as ever to ad
vance our statesman's fortunes; loyaltj
is abstract, love concrete, and in a lasl
analysis Richard was • thinking on Doro
thy and not upon the country, •ik.iehard
you. may '"have observed," was- no whii
better, no less' eelfish, than • were" thos<
.about him; and it.is.as .welPto know out
faulty young gentleman for what he real
ly-was. .- / ; : /' ..' ' ,t\ .-• . \u25a0 .';. .
. Richard not only considered the politics
of men, but lie • studied men themselves,
The narrowest of these • came, from parts
, of the country where region was impor
tant, ; and - where : ; you would . have- bee*
more thought of for. the ; deeds, of youi
grandfather, than .for .anything .that yot
yourself : might, do. This was peculiarly
. true of . men from New Kngland, whose
intelligence'- as well as Interest seemeci
" coiitinually v.alking a tight-rope. Tht
Now Englahder. was alwajs and ever the
subllfnination of a blind, Ineffable vanity
that went about proposing him as an ex
ample to ."the race. /And so '/conscious! y
self-perfect was he that, while coming
to opinions touching others, generally tc
their : disadvantage, he never- once be
thought him that others might be form-
Ing opinions of him. -Another New Eng
land _ was to believe , In the
m< asure' more than . ln the. man, and
was not' one/from that section .who did
not/ think that -if you '^ but introduced
among negroes or Indians' the New Eng
• lanil^town meeting, those /negroes and In
diana, thus -blessed; , would ,all and In*
stHiitly become I'aukecs. .'•; .... .. \u25a0
\u25a0 Another • * snbHmo' proylnciai / wiiorii
RiHiard^ uncovered- wa's the Southern
lTian. lie, like, the New Englander, wai
so busy thinking on and.revering v past
that* 'was /dead \u25a0 that he ; owned" '. little
space'for. anything else.; There was,
however,, one/ characteristic, common
to Southern men, which was wantiny
hi' folk : from other- corners of the coun
try, "Richard never met a" Southern
man , who. remembered," assuming such
to be his official station, that he was
in Cabinet or Congress,- while he never
met a Northern or a- Western- or a New
England man who for a moment for
got it. ; / . \u25a0 :\u25a0 /\u25a0" '
This amiable democracy on the
Southern part, like other good things,
has. its explanation. - Your - Southern
man. like a squab pigeon, is ' biggest
when lie is born. The one first great
fact of -his nativity is an -honor be
yond any ' other ' which the world can
confer, it is as though he were cradled
on a peak; and thereafter, wherever
his wanderings may take him, and
whether Into Congress, Cabinet or
White House, -he travels always.down
hill.: It is this to account for that be
nignant urbanity, the inevitable mark
of a Southern man, which teaches him
faith in y6u as corollary of completed
confidence in himself. It is a beautifiy,
even though an unreasonable trail,
and as, such the admiration of Richard
recorded it. • / .
Those others, not Southern, educated
to a notion of office as a pedestal,
were, inclined to play the. turkey^ cock
and spread their tails a trifle. Since that
sort of self-concolt never falls to tran
sact itself, at the cxponse of thespec
tator, Rieiiard looked upon " it with /no
favor, and It drew from him opinions,
not of .compliment.' concerning those
by whom "it was exhibited. .It set him
to. comparisons which ran much in
Southern favor. ; -
"After Congressmen and Cabinet men
Richard studied Washing-ton itself. "'Tho
common "condition— -speaking: now- of
residents, and not of those' who were
mere sojournors within thocity's walls
— liofoundto bo 'one of idleness, the
common trait: an insatiable bent "for
gossip.; Government was the sole,
product " of the place, tho one prist
ground; at those mills. No one was
made, to labor more than six hours of
the twenty-four. And the term labor
meant no more than one-tenth Its defi
nition in .any; other towii. Wherefore,'
eVen those' most" engaged of the citi
zenry had 'leisure to settle the world's
most perplexing \u25a0 concerns, arid they
generously devoted it to that purpose;
Nor /were they abashed by any in
siprniflcance of their , personal . estate.
Familiarity .does not j breed contempt.
It' breeds /conceit. Those who 'dwell
close to tlj<: huh of government,, even
thoujrh they_ build departmental^ fires,
swcVrp /departmental, floors and'empty
departmental'" waste baskets, from near
ness of contact/and 'a. dally.' perusal" of
your truly* great.-^corne ? at last -to look
upon themselves • 'as "being's -Vof/'itre
mendous — arid- all -after
the' ;s<»H"-g-ratulatory.-;example- of/.* the'
thoughtful fly^oii;' the -chariot wheel in
the ' fable. ' Tljie'" If ast-of them beholds" a
picture of "the' G^yemment; I » every -look-'
ing' glass.i nto, vflllch -he ip'enrs. -' - ; \u25a0\u25a0
'Storri talked -with "Mr. Harley; Mr.
Harley^ talked^ with '/Senator llan way. :
These conferenceij. were -of ' Credi t,: Ma
gellan:-; ' thf.v , had concern
with \u25a0 the overthrow fof Northern Consoli
dated. "Congress' had lii'session/ten
days when Senator -Hanway,; one • morn-*
ing, --.(asked/* Richard jto 'call that evening
at 9.V . :;/..>;. /.- ' . '" : ' \u25a0/• ';'\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0-//-//
/'.'There is something vwhich your/ paper
should' print." said -Senator -Han way.
Richard [was; with- Senator Hanway in
Ith'c lattef's ; study sharp upon the hour
set. Dorothy. was not there; 1 her mother
had 5 carried "herj and the yellow-haired
sorceress, .Bess," to -the' theater.' -It" is to
be doubted, even If she were free,.wheth
er- Dorothy's- interest "in her political
studies would have carried her through
a ; night" session: ' Besides^, the^- preoccu
\u25a0pied Senator Hanway 'had begun to ob-.
serve that Richard looked at Dorothy
more -than her listened to "him, : -and while
he suffered no J disturbance .by virtue .^of
this discovery, , the present was aii occa
sion' when he wanted Richard's undi
vided attention. Once, r seated, Senator
Hanway. went to' the heart'of the affair; ;
he made himself clear,"for years of debate
had educated him to lucidity. Wh^at he
desired was a plaln.T sequential rehearsal
in the Daily LTory' of ithose; claims ;and
chat ges against ' Northern I Consolidated.'.
: "Nor will i I," \u25a0* observed .Han-;
way, flatteringly ' confidential, "conceal
my reasons. '{ In. the ,-. first place ; the
charges have been made. - arid their ef
fect is to-. injure Northern Consolidated.
.You will not . state that j you know these
charges to.be true;, you will say^if you
willbe so good— that; they are of common'
report.-.. Once. ln* print, I can make' them"
the basis' of an investigation. . I've' no "
doubt— though you -.will -please *say noth-'
ing on that point— but what , an Investiga
tion will disclose : how \u25a0 groundless the
charges arc." ".:,.\u25a0 . . .. -.'.\u25a0\u25a0'.
"You are an owner- in Northern .Con
soilrtated?" asked; Richard. -\u25a0.-/, . .•
Richard felt nb interest beyond -a will
ingness to be of iserviceito, Senator Han
way.'/and only put ' : the'' question to'show
•attention' to his -eminent: friend. ...
' "No,, no-owner," replied ; Senator Han- \u25a0
,way; "but to bejfrank, .since I know my .
confidence. is safe, it will assist me ink.
certain f political matter, 'the . name of •
whlcli .I~tnlnk you can guess." • 'if ' 4 -,\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0
| Senator Han way's smooth face wore a \
smile which he intended should prove
that he ; looked upon 'Rlchardfas cne.pps :>
sessing. a rightful, as .well as, an intimate
knowledge of those White House plans
which hey cherished. Richard . did ; rio't |
require;-, the ."assurance; \u25a0 hhr;e r ; was -. ready
witho.ut'H. to come to the aid of Senator I
Hanway, .whom he liked If- he , did not
\u25a0revere.'. , - ; ;.. - v•' '. "".-' :
. The next evening Richard's :istter car
ried the /story .'against Northern Consoli
dated.> Th- afternoon of * the .day on :
which it. was published. Senator, Hanway
aroseln his place and requested that the .
article, be read by the clerk. ;,That done.,
he said" he was pained and, surprised by
the publication of such a story, and asked,
fora committee of three tolook into the
truth of .what .was set forth." -;j-
observed Senator Hanway, after
paying a tribute to Richard and the Daily .
Tory, in which he extolled the honesty
and Intelligent l conservatism of both the
paper and its' correspondent, \u25a0• "for it is
only just that the charges be sifted. The
Daily .Tory iloes not make them on its
own | behalf: -It .linds them In the mouths
of, others... They should be taken up and
weighed. 'lf there be aught due the Gov
ernment, we. have. a right to know and
measure; it." If the charges are without
support— and I have reaaon to believe
that such is the situation— then Northern
Consolidated' la- entitled to the, refutation
of a ,calumny r . that, whispered In- some
'quartersanS^talked aloud in others, has
borne; he'ivily upon its' interests.'.!^
No' one^ opposed, and "Senator Hanway,.
with Senators; Price and Loot, were se
lected \u25a0 to/be^a -committee. They
were to send for men and papers,. be open
or secret>in^thelr. sessions, and report to
the Seriate whenever they finished the In
quiry. \u25a0 The> affair \u25a0, excited no; comment,
and -was iorgotten within an hour by all
except- Stoxri'rfnd" Mr. ; Ilarley., and' those
bthtrs7of. .tJi§";osprey' pool... -\u25a0 x-> -'•\u25a0\u25a0',\u25a0 . .V
After '^lCUihard Senator -: Hanway
iiponftheiNortherri Consolidated^ evening,
he ran'fplurdp" iipSn an incident that was
to have a Mast profound effect upon this
history. , No^ohe^not a prophet ; would
ha ve • gnesst'd \ this from ' the incident's '
character; | for on It 3 ignoble face it was
nothinsrbetter than just a drunken clush
betv/een \u25a0 a'Caucasian and,- an 'African • tri
univiratti that had iccKed horns with him
in the street. The Caucasian, moved of . •
liquor and pride of skin, had demanded
the entire sidewalk. He enforced his de
mands by shoving the obstructing Afri
cans into the gutter. The latter, recalling
amendments to the organic law of j the
land.favorable to folk of color, objected.
In the war. that followed, owing to an in
equality! of .forces, the Caucasian—albeit a
gallant soul— was. given the' bitter side of
the argument. Richard came upon them
as he rounded a corner;, the quartet -at
the time made a' struggling, scrambling,
cursing tangle, rolling.; about the side-,
walk. ; ' v
Being one in whom the race instinct ran
powerfully, and who was not untainted of
antipathies to red men and- yellow men
and black men and all men not wholly
white, Richard did not pause.- to .inquire
the. rights and the wrongs of the alterca
tiop. He-seized upon the toprnost~ person
of color and pitched him into the street.
Then he pitched another, after him. The
third,- getting some- alarming notions of
what was going on. arose and lied.. None
of, the three came back; for discretion Is
not absent from the African,, and. those
whom. Richard personally disposed of felt
as might ones wlio had escaped from some
malignant provjdtnce which they r did not
ihlnfr it- wise or fitting; to' further tempt.-
As for number three, ho was pleased Uo .
ilnd ; himsel:" a \u25a0 block away, -.and < did all
he might to add to It, like a miser to, his
hoai'd.
; Negroes gone, Richard set the white
man on his. feet, and asked him - : how. ho I
tafed. The gentleman shook- himself and
announced that he was. uninjured. Then
be said that he was drunk, Uvhloh was
linnccessary'confidencc. It developed that
tie followed the trade of printer: also that
he fho.d j just : oomo to town. .. lie had no .
money, he ~ had no pluce to ! Bl^ep; and,
wluit, was .wonderful ,lo Richard, he ap- "
prared in no/whit cast down, by his bank
rupt and bedless state. He had had money:
but , like many pleasant -optimistic mem
bers of his mystery of types, he hod prc
fyrred to spend it In liquor.. leaving hum- 1
Iruth questions, ; such as | bed and j board, \u25a0
to solve themsrlves. : ' ' - ;
-"For," said the \ bodless - one, "I'm a
tramp printer!". And he flyng -forth the •'•
idjectlvc as though it r, as a title' of "re
spect".--..' '." V "'.„ 'V '.. ":" 1... , \u25a0 .;
Having, invested some little "exertion in
:he affairs of , the stranger, . Richard
thought lie might as well go forward and
nvest'.a little rnoncy.'- AVith that' hi; went/
)iit of hja way tolead the diunken~uuc to |
i' cheap hotel, where the porter took him j
n charge.under. contract , tb put. him to
jod. .'The consideration, for the latter at- .
:ention" was a* quarter paid In. hand to the
x>rter ;V with; the? proprietor vß-chard> left
.on 'dollars,; and orders to". give thedevi
)U3 one ; the , jiha nge In the : morning after-
Inducting for: his; entertalnnienU
The rescued" printer.^clothPd and in his
ight* mind,. called: upon" Richard the next ;
ifternoonto* thank him 1 for hls'generosity:
md ' say that"' his name was Sands. ; Mr.
3ands, ;; being , sober. , and; shaven, . with J ' U
.-lot hes brushed/ was in'no Bensc'aspee- :
acle 'of :shame.VLideed, s there were worse-;
ooking . peopled/passing \ laws : for ; the y tia- 1
lorn was pleased, ""and said bo.' 1
-.'•lf -*l;had*a ?j6b>l'd : "firoi to": w6rk,",;saidi" .
tfr. -Sands, .haying-had, as he 'expressed ,'.'
t, \u25a0\u25a0 '.'his drunk/out." - , "* : \u25a0 \ i
.The : :habitiof: charity grows upon one.,:
Ike^the.^liquor, habit;; rrioreover, if onee\
•ou help^a man, you ever" after feel coin- i
"pelled^to help him to the end of time.
•Richard was no exception to these philan
thropic laws, arid when Mr. Sands
clared, an" eagerness- to go to' work,
"brought him to- Senator Hanway, \ who
\u25a0 promptly- berthed - him- upon, the . Govern
ment printing' office, where hevsras given
and commenced : tossing * typea
after the manner of a master.
If Senator Hanway had been able to
probe the future, instead of setting Mr.
Sands to work that December after
noon, .'he, : would have paid his way to
-London.' had a trans-Atlantic trip' been
•made. the price of- being rid of 1 - him.
/But a'Senator is not a soothsayer; and
no Impression of the kind once touched
him. He got Mr. Sands his billet and
said it 'gave him pleasure ;to comply
with the' request of ' his young friend,
Mr. Storms. To Richard the hereafter
• was 'as- opaque as it : was to' Senator
Hanway. and, having, seen his pro
tcse installed," he walked away uricon
5 scions '.of ; a morn to dawn '\u25a0 when Mr.
Sands? would recur as an instance of
.that bread upon the waters which re
turns after many -days, j
CHAPTEU VIII. ;•_.-
. Storri Wooed' Mrs.' rHanway-
Harley. /.--.'.
r Storri was a' sensualist to .his fingers'
ends.''; Being a sensualist," he was per
force an egotist, and the smallest of
his - r deslres became the star ;by which
he laid -his course. Through stress of
• appetites,' 7 as powerful as tljey ] were
gross,; he-had; grown -sharp to calcu
late'and quick to see. -He was con
\u25a0 trolled and - hurried down by currents
.of a : turb.id ' selfishness; nor would he
have stopped at any cruelty, balked at
• any prime, when prompted of » what
; brute ;- hungers, kept his soul awake.
He- might have wept over failure,
never 'from remorse. And Storrr had
„ set his savage heart on Dorothy.
>. Dorothy felt an aversion to Storri,
and, she could not have told you -why.
The mystery of It, however, put ' no
questlon ; to her; she yielded with
'folded hands, passive to its influence.
She-did not hate Storri." she shrunk
from him; his nearness chilled her. like
the nearness of a reptile. Kipling, the
matchless, tells how a Russian does
: not become alarming until he tucks In
hisrshirt and Insists upon' himself as
-.the most Eastern of -Western peoples
.instead of the most Western of East
ern peoples. - There Is truth to sit at
the bottom of this. Dorothy would have
met Storri with Indifference had that
nobleman seen fit to catalogue himself,
socially, as a Kalmuck Tartar, not of
• her strain and tribe; she was set
. a-shudder when made to meet him un
der conditions which admitted the pro
priety of marriage between them,
should sne and he agree. As it stood,
Dorothy was aiivc for flight the . mo
ment btorri stepped into her presence:
'stie knew by intuition the foulness of
his fiber and 3hivered at any threat of
contact therewith.
: Storri was aware of Dorothy's dis
like, since aversion is the one senti
ment a woman cannot conceal. The
discovery only made him laugh. He
was too much the conqueror of women
to- look for failure here. * Should he,
Storri, who had been sighed for by the
fairest, of a dozen stately courts, re
ceive defeat from a IKile American?
Bah! he would have "her "at his ease,
win her at his pleasure! Dorothy's ef
forts to avoid him gave \u25a0 pursuit ; a
piquancy!
While Storri noted Dorothy's distaste
for him, -he did. not get slightest slant
of her tender, preference .for Richard.
As far as he might, Storri had taught
himself , ; contompt"; for ; Richard. \u25a0 This
was net the simplest- task; it is hard
to despise one , whom your heart "fears
and before whose glance your own eyes
wavor and give;way. Still, Storri got
on -with his contempt beyond what one
might have -rnagined. He considered
all Americans beneath him, and Rich
ard was an American. There he had
\u25a0an advantage at the start. Also, Rich
ard was of the newspapers. Even,
those Americans about him, with their
own sneers and shoulder-shrugs, showed
him how such folk were unworthy genteel
countenance. They looked down upon
Richard, Storri loJked flown upon them;
the greater Included the less, and deduc
tions wf-re_£3S}\ : Storri. arrived. at a most
happy contempt of Richard as a math
ematician,gets to the solution of a prob
lem, and,"? being mercurial, J not /thought
ful, arranged with himselt that Richard
was below consideration.
Richard 'and- Storri made no sign of
social recognition when their. paths cross
ed by change. At such times the latter
held an attitude of staring superiority—
the fellow, perhaps, to. that which be
longed with Captain Cook .when first he
saw the, Sandwich Islanders. ' Had Storri
been of reflective, turn: he might : have
remembered that, as a gustatory finale,
those serene Islanders -roasted the mari
ner.'and made their dinner off him. .
Mr. Harley was a busy man, and yet.
he had no office, rooms; . This was not his
fault; he. had once set-out to establish
himself with such a theater of /effort,
but Senator Hanway. put down his foot.
v/"No; ; no office, John!" said that states
man.. >\u25a0\u25a0::' .-'.:
..Then '.'Senator.- Hanway. who was as
furtive as, a mink, called Mr. Harley's
attention to the! explanation \whlch- a nar
row world would give. Those office rooms
would be pointed to as. the market-place.
\u25a0 where corporations might truue.for his
(.: Senator.-. Tlf£n way's) : services. -
'.'lf; you pleas?, we'll have no.such.ar
gument, going about," .observed • Senator
Hunway. .--. • >.-'':''. .-.-. \u25a0• /-: .'. .\u25a0\u25a0:
. This .want of a- business headquarters,
while- it may -have been \u25a0 an-, lnconvenlf
ence to Mr. Harley, now-arcse to d.'»ve
.tall, with the desires of. Storri. |It gave
him a pretext! for calling at the .Harley.
house; with Mr. .Harley: as. excuse, >. and
making . a prctens? of having „ business
with, him, he could break in at all man- •
: ner> of- queer, hours.. .• - '.
, .Storri made . a ; study, of. the- Harley,
household. About 4 in the afternoon It was
Mrs. Hanway-Harley's/ habit . to retire
and refresh herself with -a nap,', against
\u25a0the- 'demand's- of dinner and what social
gayetlf.s [might-, follow. Mr. rHarlfy, him
self; was apt to be hovering .about- the
Senate corridors.- Or he 1 would .be hold-
Ing 1 pow- wow -with, men :of Importance,
that Is to "*>ay." moriey.^at one of the .ho-.
1 els. .Dorothy, who was not interested In.
dark-Jantcrn legislation,, and required no .
restoring nap's, would be alone. ..Where
fore,' it .became .the. practice.fof Storri to
appear^ of an '., afternfbon • at , the .Harley.
house and ask for Mr. : Harley.. Not find
ing tliat -business "man. "Storri, .".who \ did
not- insist that "his -errand was 'desperate,
would idle an hour with' - Dorothy. '"':.'\u25a0
Storri thought.himself one to fascinate
a woman,'" arid "had, v a fine , confidence in -
his % powers vto charm. He had/ studied
conquest as an art.' When he beleaguered
a : girl's . heart./hlsjirst.^ approaches*, were
modeled on- the ; free and jovial. V During"
these afternoon : calls -he talked" "much.;
laughed loudly," and ' by. his manner would I
have," It /i. that;' Dorothy ; and] he, were {'on '
chefrifst :t*Tms. Storri .''made; no. head-:'
way: Dorothy met. his laughter iwlth a;
cool: reserve that baffled; while" It left "him,,
furious.;: -.;',,/,'- \u25a0 "'•": :' .".' -.'-"I? ; " -''"'.^W
.^".Storri c "ossaycd ; the \u25a0: sentimental, ;'. and \
came^: worn: with homesickness.", He'was,
near to tear's as He 'related the Imaginarj
sickness of a mother whom he had in
vented for the. purpose. Dorothy's coo!
reserve continued. ' She sympathised, con
versatlonally. and hoped that Storri woulc
hurry to his expiring parent's side.- -
: Storri. like Richard, craved a rose anc
got it; but he fastened It upon his lape
himself.
On Storri's fourth call Bess Marklir
came in. Being there. Bess took Storr:
to herself. She betrayed a surprising in
terest in statistics— the populations oi
cities, crops, politics and every othei
"form of European whatnot-rand kepi
Storri answering questions llke^ta school
boy. Thereafter, Storri was no sooner ir
the Harley house when, presto! fronc
over tne way- our pythoness sweeps in.
Bess' was there before the servant had
taken Storrl's hat. This disturbing for
tune depressed him; he attributed it to U!
luck, 'never once observing that the in
stant he appeared Dorothy's black maid
skipped across to summon Bess.
"Really, Bess," rleaded Dorothy, fol
lowing Storri's fourth call— she had gon«
to tile Markllns just a.*er her admirei
left— "really, Bess, if you love me, rescue
me. There was never such a bore! Posi
tively, the creature will send me' to my
grave! ; And, besides" — with a little
shiver— '-'I have a horror of the man!*' .
And so the good Bess came each time,
and faithfully refused to budge for the
whole of Storri's visit. With that, the
latter saw less and less reason to confer
with Mr. tiarley of an afternoon: also
he resolved upon a change of tactics in
his', siege of Dorothy.
' Thus far Storri hau failed, and the fail
ure set »~m on fire. The savage in him
was stirred. His vanity found itself de
.tied; and the onyx eyes would burn, and
the mustaches twist like snakes, as ho
reflected on how ne had been foiled and
put aside. Had he known that Richard
was In Dorothy's thought, that it was he
to hold her heart against him. Storri
would have choked. But he had gathered
no such knowledge; nor was he posted as
to those morning love trysts at winch
Senator Hanway unconsciously presided.
Storri still visited the Harley house, but
his visits were now to Mrs. Hanway-Har
ley. And he would pour compliments for
.that shallow lady, which said compli
ments our s Jlow one drank in like
water from the well. Mrs. Hanway-Har
ley had never known a more finished gen
tleman; and so she told her friends.
"It is a \u25a0 pity," cried Storri one day,
"that Europe has- none such as yourself
to set examples of refinement! Now if
your beautiful daughter would but make
some nobleman happy as his wife! You
would come to Europe, no?" and Storri
spread his hands' in rapture over so much
possible good fortune. "Yes. if your
lovely daughter would but condescend!"
Storri paused, and sighed a sigh of
power.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley thought this ex
ceeding fine; the treacle of coarse compli
ment sweetened it to her lips. Some
would have laughed at such fustian. Mrs.
Hanway-Harley was none of these: the
compliment she laughed at must emanate
from some one not a Count. None the
less, ' she could see that something was
at the^back of it aIL There was Storrl's
sigh as though a heart had broken. Had
Storri made some soft advance. -and had
Dorothy repulsed him? -Mrs. Hanway-
Harley could have shaken the girl!
Storri read all this my Mrs. Hanway-
Harley'js face as though it had been writ
ten upon paper. He saw that the mother
would be his ally; Mrs. Hanway-Harley
was ready to enlist upon his side. There
upon. Storri drew himself together with
dignity.
"In my own land, madam." said Storri.
conveying the impnsslon of a limitless
deference for* Mrs. Hanway-Harley, **it
is not permitted that a gentleman pay his
addresses to the dv. Jghter until he has
her - mother's consent. I adore your
daughter— who xould help!— but I cannot
tell her unless you approve. And so. ma
dam," with a deepest of bows, "I, who
am a Russian gentleman, come to you."
Mrs. Hanway-Harley was not so sin
uously adroit as her brother. Senator
Han- -'-. but she was capable of every
conventional arL If Storri's declaration
stirred her Dride. she never showed- It:
if her soul exulted at a title in her fam
ily and a probable presentation of herself
to royalty, she con.raled it. True, she
was i .cllned to tilt I r nose a vulgar
bit; but she did not let Storri perceive
it. reserving the nose-tilting for ladies
of, h«r acquafcuar.ee wh«n the betrothal
of Dorothy and Storri should be an
nounced. Indeed, her conduct, on the hon
orable occasion of Storri's request, could
not have been more graceful nor more
guarded. She said that she was honored
by. Storri's proposal, and touched by his
delicacy In first coming to her. She
could do no more, -however, than grant
him the permission craved, and secure to
him her best wishes.
"For, much as I love -my daughter,"
explained Mrs. Hanway-Harley, mount
ing a • maternal \u25a0 pedestal and posing. "I
could not think of coercing her choice.
She will marry where she loves." A sigh
at this period. "I can only say 'that,
should she love where you desire, it can
not fail to engage my full approval." "
Storri pressed his lips to Mrs. Hanway-
Harley's hand as well as'he could for the
interfering crust of • diamonds, and said
she hud made him happy.
.- "It will be bliss, madam, to call my
self your daughter's husband," said Stor
ri; "but it will be highest honor to find
myself your son."
Storri did not tell Mrs. Hanway-Harley
of "those afternoon calls, and the blight
of Bess to fall upon them with her eter
nal crops and politics and' populations.
Mrs. - Hanway-Harley, while she griev
ously suspected from Storrl's sigh—
which little whisper of despair still sound
ed in. her ears — tbat he had met reverses,
would not voice her surmise. She would
treat the affair as commencing with Stor
ri's request. But she would watch Dor
othy;, and if she detected symptoms of
failure to appreciate Storri as a noble
man possessing wealth and station — In
short, if Dorothy betrayed an intention
to refuse his cxatted hand— then she, Mrs.
Hanway-Harley. w.uld interfere. She
would take 'L.orothy in solemn charge,
2nd compel thai obtuse ma'rlen to do what
redounded to her ;.ood. Mrs. Hanway-
Harley doubted neither the propriety nor
the 5 feasibility of establishing a censor
ship over Dorothy's heart, should tho
>-oung . lady evinc - a blinded Inability to
see her own welfare."
"That is what a mother Is for," she
ruminated.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley had forcibly ad
ministered paregoric In Dorothy's baby
hood; she was ready to forcibly adminla-'
ter a husband now Dorothy had grown
up. The cases were in precise parallel,
md never the ray of distrust entered Mrs.
Flanway-Harley's . mindJ/" Dorothy was
not to escape good fortune merely.be
cause.' through some perversity of "girlish
Ignorance, she might choose to waive It
islde. . .
Airs. Hanway-Harley "had Mr. * X Harley
isk'Storrl-to dinner, on an average. twice
i wpek;'she made these slender banquets
wholly informal, »nd quite • as though
Storri were an Intimate family friend.
Storri. commended the absence of stilts,
this abandonment of the conventional.
"It is what I like r" he cried; "it is the
compliment" I, shall most speak' ot when
[am back* with my Czar."
• Following dinner, "• Mrs. . Hanway-Harley "would have Storri in ttje library In en
gagingly familiar fashion.
Senator Hanwa-r went always to his
study after dinner,' to receive visitors
through the veranda door, and prune and
train the vine of ttis" Presidential hopes
with confabs and new plans. Into which
he and these visitors— who were folk of
power In their home States— unreservedly
plunged. Mr. Hai'ev, whD was not domes
tic and feared nothlni,' so much ua aa
evening at home, would give an excuse
more or less feeble and go abroad Into the
town. This left Mrs. Hanway-Har.'ey, Dor
othy and Storri 'to themselves; and the
maternal ally saw to it that the noble
lover was granted chance to press his
suit. That Is to s»y, Mrs Hanway-Har
ley gave Storri a chance so far as lay in
her accommo'latiniT oovor; for she de
veloped an inexhaustible roll of reasons
for leaving the room, and In her kind
sagacity never tailed to stay awoy at
least five minutes. nd a world and all
of love may be made in five minutes,
when both part.es set their hearts and
souls to the dulcet enterprise.
Storri was ardent, and Mrs. Hanway-
Harlcy was discreet, and both displayed
talents for Intrigue and execution that,
on omer days, in other fields, might well
have saved a state. And yet there was
no blushing progress to the love-making.
Dorot.ij s behavior was unaccountable.
The first evening she sat In marble sl
lenco, like an lma;e. The ' next, she
would not come down to dinner, saying
she was sick and could not eat. The in
valid put in a most successful evening in
her room, vhinkhig <f Richard, and sag
ing on miscellaneous dishes which her
sable *~ald abstracted from below. She
would have been ill the third time, but
her mother set her face like flint against
such excuse. Mrs. Hanway-Harley de
clared that Dorothy's desertion was dis
graceful at a moment when she, her
mother, needed her help to entertain
their visitor. With that, Dorothy's in
disposition yielded, and she so far re
covered as to p!ay her part at table with
commendable spirit, eating quite as much
as her mother, who was no one to dine
like a bird. But Dorothy took her re
venge; she talked of nothing but Rich
ard, and the conversations on politics
which he and "Uncle Pat" indulged in
during those eleven-o'clock calls.
Storri glowered; more, he became aware
of Richard as the dally comrade of Doro
thy. Mrs. Hanway-Harley herself was
struck by some shadow of the truth; but
she got "no more than what Scotchmen
call a "glisk," and she gave the matter
no sufficient weight. 9 Later she clothed
it with more importance.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley. however, was
moved to reprove Dorothy from out the
wealth of her experiences.
"Child," said she, when Storri was gone,
"you should never try to entertain one
gentleman by telling him about another;
it only makes him furious."
"I didn't, mamma," said Dorothy, her
eyes innocently round.
"You did, only you failed to notice it,"
returned Mrs. Hanway-Harley. "After
this be more upon your guard."
"I will, mamma," replied Dorothy de
murely; but she was too sly to say
against what she should guard.
On the next Storri evening, Dorothy
returned to the old ruse. She set a lamp
in her chamber window, the effect of the
beacon being that Bess came across from
her house, as the clock scored eight and
one-half, and joined the Harley party.
It was nothing out of common for Bess
to do this; she and Dorothy had been
bosom friends since days when the two
wore their hair in pigtails and their
frocks to their knees. Bees came not only
that evening, but every Storri evening;
and whether or no she were a welcome,
at least she was a pertinacious visitor, for
she stayed unrelentingly until Storri, los
ing courage, went his way.
Storri bit his angry lip over Bess, for
he now began to read the argument oi
her advent. It was Dorothy's defense
against him, and in its kind an insult.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley also became more
and more instructed in this love-match
so near her heart, and those difficulties
which the capricious coldness of Dorothy
arranged for its discouragement. The
pfacidity of Mrs. Hanway-Harley was
becoming ruffled; the hour was drawing
on apace when she would make clear her
position. She would issue those com
mands which were to fix the attitude of
Dorothy toward the sighing Storri and
his love.
Dorothy called Bess her guardian angei.
The G. A. accepted the position and its
duties with that admirable composure
which you have already observed was
among her characteristics. The fair Bess
was one of those whom their friends,
without intending offense, describe as
mildly eccentric. That is to say, Bess
had peculiarities which were in part na
tive and in part the work of an environ
ment. She was an only child, and that
was bad; she was a doctor's child, and
that was worse. Not that her father had
been so recklessly dense as to try his
drugs on her; he knew too much lor that.
But your doctor's children oft get an
unusual bringing up, and the chances in
favor of the extraordinary in that behalf
are doubled where there is only one child.
Mother Marklin had been an invalid
from the babyhood of Bess. Father
Marklin, in those intervals, when his
brougham was not racing from one lan
truld, dyspeptic, dance-tired, dinner
weary, rout-exhausted woman to an
other at ten dollars a drooping head, look
ed after Bess in that spirit of argus-eyed
solicitude with which a government looks
after its crown jewels. Bess was herded,
not to cay hived, and her childish days
were days of captivity. She was prisoner
to her father's loving apprehensions, he
being afraid to have her out of sight.
Then came her father's death, and the
Marklin household devolved upon Bess"
hands when the hands were new and
small and weak; and the load served to
emphasize Bess in divers ways. When not
waiting upon the invalid Mother Mark
lin, Bess broke Into her, father's book
shelves and read the owlish authors such
as Bacon and Dr. Johnson, . with side
flights Into Montaigne, Voltaire, Amiel
and others of hectic kidney. She discov
ered, moreover, a sympathy with those
women of strong minds who have a quar
rel with Providence for that they were
not made men. Bess believed in the equal
ity of the sexes, without pausing to ask
in what they were unequal, and stood
stoutly for the rights of woman, know
ing not wherein she was wronged or in
what manner and to what extent she
had been given the worst of life's bar
gain. Bess was not a blue-stocking, as
Richard would have had it. and made no
literary pretenses; but she suffered from
opinions concerning topics such as hus
band and wife, that so far had had noth
ing better than theory to rest upon. All
th<» same, her friends were deeply satis
fied with Bess; which helped that young
lady to a sense of satisfaction with her
self and with them.
'As head of the' Marklins. Bess was
made to decide things for herself.. At
that, she decided In favor of nothing ter
rifying. She drank tea between three
and six each afternoon; she kept a cat
named Ajax; and she resolved to marry
Mr. Fopling.
The latter young gentleman Bess called
to her side; when she. pleased," dismissed
when he wearied her, and in all respects
controlled his conclusions, his :conversa
tions, and his whereabouts, as .heaven
meant she should. Bess preferred that :
Mr. Fopling call during the afternoon;
she required the morning for. her house
hold duties., and, . when not . screening
Dorothy from Storri, saved the evening
for her books.
Ajax was a grave and fdrmal cat; and.
in his way, a personage. He was decor
ous to a degree, unbended in no confi
dences with stranger?, and ; hated .Mr.
Fopling:, whom he regarded as either a
graceless profligate or a domestic animal
of unsettled species who, though no merit
and by rank favoritism, had been granted
a place Jn the household superior to his
own. At sight of Mr. Fopling, Ajax
would bottle-brush his tail, arch his
back, and explode into that ejaculation
peculiar to cats. Mr. Fopling feared Ajax,
holding him to be rabid and not knowing
when he would do those rending deeds
of tooth and claw upon , him, of , which,
the ejaculation, the arched backhand the
bottle-brush were . signs and portents. .
It was, the afternoon of the day follow
ing one of thosq Harley dinners whereat
Storri had been the sole and honored
guest, and Bess was sipping her tea," Her
two favorites, Ajax and Mr.. Fopling,
were sitting in their respective chairs,
regarding each other with their usual sus
picion and distrust. Mr. Fopling, by,
command of Bess and so far as he might
control himself, was paying no attention
to Ajax. Ajax, for his part, was survey
ing Mr. Fopling with a sour stare, as
though he found much in that young
gentleman's appearance to criticize. At
intervals he made growling .comments
upon Mr. Fopling. -,
"Unless you and Ajax can agree," ob
served B?ss soberly, "one. or the other
might better go into the library."
Mr. Fopling made no demur; he was
glad to go.: When he was out of the room,
Ajax came and rubbed about his mistress
as though claiming credit for ousting Mr.
Fopling, cf whom he was certain Bess
thought as badly as did he.
Bess was sitting where she commanded
a prospect of the street. Who should
come swinging up the way but Richard.
It was tho habit of that rising journalist
to mnke one or two daily excursions pa""st'
the Harley house. Richard was none of
your, moon-mad ones who would strum a
midnight lute beneath a fair maid's win
dow. Still, he liked to walk by the Har
ley house; the temporary nearness of
Dorothy did his soul good. Besides, he
now and then caught a glimpse of her
through the window.
Richard was on the Marklin side of the
street, and as he was for going by
back to Bess and eyes on the Harley
house— Bess rapped on the pane and
berkoned him.'
Richard lifted his hat and obeyed di
rectly. He had already met Bess several
times when Dorothy and he,. with a pur
pose to spin out their eleven-o'clock in
terview, had seized on Bess as a method.
They could not remain^ staring at one an
other in Senator Hanway's study; even
that preoccupied publicist would have
been struck by the strangeness of such a
maneuver. The best, because the only,
thing was to make a pretext of Bess
and transfer their love-glances to . her
premises. This was the earliest time, how
ever, that Richard had been asked to
visit Bess alone, and he' confessed to a
feeling of curiosity, as he climbed the
steps, concerning the purpose of the sum
mons. -. . ' -
Bess some time before had had that
threatened talk with Richard concerning
marriage and husbands. . :
"Wedlock!" declared Bess, on that edi
fying occasion, while Richard grinned and
Dorothy rebuked him with a frown, "wed
lock results always in the . owner and
the owned— a slave and a despot. That: ls
by the wife's decree. The is
slave and she despot, or he the.' despot
and she the slave", as best matches with
her strength or weakness. Some* women
desire slavery; they would <\u25a0 be unhappy
without a tyrant to obey." -.
"And you — are you of those?" asked
Richard, half mocking Bess.
"No; I prefer the role of despot. It is
the reaspn why I shall marry Mr. Fop
ling."
"And yet Mr. Fopling might turn out
a perfect Caligula." said Richard, with
a vast pretense of warning. Mr. Fop
ling was not there to hear himself ill
used.
"Mr. Fopling-," observed Bess, in tones
of lofty •conviction, "has no ambitions,
no energies, .no thoughts; and he has
money. In brief, he is beset by none
of those causes that excite and drive
men into politics or literature or trade.
He will have nothing to consider in his
Hft; but me."
"But," said Richard, , "Mr. Fopling
might turn out in the end a veritable
Vesuvius. Mr. Fopling has often struck
me as volcanic; who shall say that he
will not some day erupt?" : • "-
Bess was not to be frightened.
"Mr. Fopling will do and say and
think as I direct; and we shall be very,
very happy."
Richard gave Dorothy a comical look
of simuJated dismay; and shook his
head as though counseling against such
heresies.
"Of course," Bess continued, "what I
propose for Mr. Fopling would not do
for .you. Were you and I to marry"—
Dorothy started — "it would result in
civil war. I've no doubt that you will
be given a wife worthy your tyrannical
deserts. She will find her happiness in
sitting at your feet.' while her love •will
make you its trellis to climb and clam
ber on."
The conversation was not so foolishly
serious as it sounds, and ;for the most
part Bess and Richard were indulging
in just no more than so much verbal
sparring. Dorothy, took no side; those
questions of marriages and wives and
husbands would ever find" her tongue
tied if Richard were around." / . "
. "Will you have some tea?" asked
Bess, when Richard," in response to the
rapped window, made his way into her
presence.
No, Richard would not have tea.
"Then you may smoke," said Bess.
"That proves me your friend, doesn't it?"
as Richard! started a grateful , cloud.
"Now. to repay my friendship, I want
to ask a question and a favor."
"You shall!" cried Richard magnilo
quently. Bess and he, were. on amiable :
terms, and he was secretly assured that
the blonde pythoness approved j him.
"What am I to answer? What ami to
do? Has the. cherished Fopling gone
astray? Say'but the word,' and -I shall
hale him to your feet.'.' ."' * V
\u25a0 "Mr. Fopling. is In the library," re
plied Bess. "He and Ajax" co«ld .not
get along without quarreling,' and "I
separated 1 them. The. question "md the
favor refer to Dorothy."
Richard colored.
"What Is; the question?" said he, his
"voice . turning deep and sof t. . .
' "Do.you' love her?" This "staggered
Richard. jßess came- to his aid."' "I
know you do," said. she; "I'll answer the
query for;yo'. -The 'real question..!,
wanted to ask' is, Have you told her?
And that I'll answer: You have not." .
: "What does, this lead to?" broke in
Richard.; A half-ucore of daunting sur
mises had come up to shake ;him.V
"Don't you think you might . better
tell her?" continued Bess, not heeding
the question. ;' , "" . V ! '" -' '. ' '\u25a0' \u25a0
"She knows," returned Richard, draw
ing a breath.. "Dorothy I' knows.;'.; I've.
THE SAN^FRANCISCO; SUNDAYS GALLI.
seen, the knowledge in her. eyes. And
she Moves me!"
:.'Tve. no doubt you've '\u25a0 seen marvelous
tilings :in one another's eyes," retorted
Bp?s •In a matter-of-fact Vway; "but . I
say again; \. ouldn't It bewlße.to tell
her? I . \u25a0 .;. *\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0- . '.'.... \u25a0 " : •;/--;•\u25a0 -... .
."Frankly, yes,", replied Richard, driv
en desperate. "I hayef ; been on i. the
threshold of it, but somehow I couldn't
lay hands on just the words. Dorothy
Knows; I love | her!" he repeated "as
though to himself. "It would be only, a
formality." : \u0084 . ' \u25a0• ' ;
"There 'is the. very point." observed
Bess. "It is the formality that has be
come important. '\u25a0\u25a0 Do you think I would
break In upon your dreams, else? A
formality is; a fence.-. If you.owned A
bed, of -flowers, would you build a fence
about it? Then fence in your Dorothy
'with a formal offer of your love."
"I shall not rest until ,I've done so!!
"cried Richard, catching flre.
then you will have done the wise
and safe and just and loving thing! Who
taught you to Ignore formalities? They
:are one's evidence of title. Build your
fence. It will be like saying to Storri:
So'far shalt thou come and no farther."
\u25a0. Bess looked curiously at Richard. She
hadmentioned Storriln a mood of mis
chief, aa one spurs a gamesome horse to
stir its mettle. Richard's brow was a
thundercloud. \
"Why do you name Storri with Doro
thy?—a serpent and a dove!" he said,
in tones very, slow and full.
"Dorothy will tell you," replied Bess.
"She will turn marvelously loquacious,
once she finds herself behind her; fence."
' "How shall -I go -to her?" exclaimed
Richard." "My 7 heart will be 'sick ;untll
I've told her."
"You will not have long to wait." said
Bess laughingly. "She should have been
here ten minutes ago. I can't see what
detains her."- '""" ' " *
Richard looked: bewildered and a little
shocked. "Surely,"- he began, "Dorothy
didn't •; v
. "No, no; you are not the victim of a
plot, Sir Suspicious One!" cried Bess.
"It is a vvonderthat you are not, for your
dullness surpasses belief. Do you imagine
Dorothy doesn't see you every time you
walk this street; that she hasn't seen' you
to-day? that she didn't see -you come in?
that " she won't invent some pretext ! for
running, over? Oh, foolish,' foolish bride
groom! You may guess how foolish by
peeping from : the window, for here your
Dorothy, comes." ''
At this, the benignant Bess, having
questioned, advised, admonished, and/ in
a measure, berated Richard, gave'lrimlher
hand as If she would give him courage;
and Richard, with the praiseworthy pur
pose of getting all the courage he. could,
lifted It to his lips. That was the blast
ing tableau at the moment Dorothy-stood
in the door.
"Oh!" 'cried Dorothy. Then her,' brow
crimsoned, and her eyes began to shine
like angry stars.
"•CHAPTER IX. : ,
How Storri Made nn Offer, of 1 Hla
.\u25a0;.,: ;-. Love. ; " ..'• " \u25a0 . \u25a0 . , '-
.At the brow of red and. those angry
eyes like stars,.. Bess smiled:. anperioi%
in • beaming toleration and afCectloii.
Bess I could afford these benevolences,
being . now engaged, in-: that most de
lightful of 'all- Christian tasks to a
woman, viz., L superintending the love
: romance of another woman. ' She swept
sweetly down on Dorothy; -and even
Richard,' albeit, full to; blindness of his
own^ great .passion,. could not, help but
see. that" sh^:was*as graceful-as a god
\u25a0des«.*-;;( \u0084,;^ » fj, 'AiXftff^^, ,-»'-.
Bess placed.a'hancl otieacKjof Doro
thy's . shoulders, ;an'd' kissed^,her brow
where the angry, red, already in doubt
as to the iprop'riety of itfl . presence,
was trying to steal away unnoticed.
-i "What' have I done?" said ' Hops, as
though repeating a query put by Doro
thy. "Now I no more than, found a
wanderer, . who loves you almost: as
.dearly'as you love him, and who would
not see the way to go straight to you
with his offer of a heart. . He was for
traveling miles and miles around, no
one knows how many, by. all kinds of
hesitating roads. I stopped him and
pointed cross-lou* to you. That is. my
whole offense; and when you arrived,
the: wanderer, in a 3plrit of gratitude
I entirely commend, was very properly
mumbling- over my hands."
Bess drew Dorothy into, the room.
"There!" cried she, "I have done my
utmost best for both. I shall now look
after Mr. Fopling. Poor child, he has
already been neglected too long!"
Bess, departing, left behind her two
young people wondrously embarrassed.
Richard had been plunged into a most
craven condition; while Dorothy, head
drooping like a flower gone to sleep,
the flush creeping from her browtoher
cheek, began to cry gently. Two large,
round, woeful tears came slowly into
the corners- of her eyes, paused a mo
ment; as though to' survey ; the : world,
and then" ran timidly down, one on
each : side ofher nose.
At this piteous sight, Richard became
a hero. Being an extremist in all
things! Richard, roused, caught Doro
thy to his bosom— the first embrace
since that blessed boot-heel evening in
the Waldorf! He folded her in those
Pict arms inj most radical fashion, and
kissed her— they were like unto
jjlimpses of heaven", those kisses!—
kissed her eyes, and her hair, and at
last her lips, measuring one kiss from
another with words of rapturous en
dearment, of which "heart's love" and
"darling" were' the most prudently cool.
Richard refused to free Dorothy from
out ' his, arms, not that she; struggled
bitterly, and'eontinued for full ten min
utes In theTutmost bliss and incoher
ency. " \u25a0 ~' ' *•
'At these unexpected pictures of Para
dise before the Fall, Ajax, sole specta
tor, felt profound dismay. He bottle
brushed and arched and exploded; and
then, the : wretched' exhibition" continu
ing:, fled. : .
At last Richp.ru listened to Dorothy,
and released her "to an armchair; he
took another, fastened his eyes .upbn
her like visual leeches, and drahkher
in. \u0084 .;• \u25a0 .;\u25a0 ;
;: .."Who so "who so lovely,
who so glorious as Dorothy?'!, thought
Richard, on whom her beauty grew
with", ever-Increasing witchery, 1 like a
deep, dear night .of stars. ; '
"And • yet, . the .\u25a0 dough-like Fopling, a t
that ' moment 'In the library.; with Bess,
would have foug-ht Richard to! the death
on a simple" jssue that Bess' was Doro
thy's beauteous {superior ;' which, so ; far
fromproving ! that love is Blind, shows
it to have. the. eyes of Argus.-,— .".."^ .
•; Richard and \u25a0 Dorothy, * said 'a. thousand
loving things, ; and nieant^therii;; they
made a \u25a0 thousand lovingj compacts, , arid
kept them all."-" '.I' ".:\u25a0'*:' '. ''\u25a0:;. •.V:"." .
Suddenly Richard ' burst . forth :as
thcugh a impmentous ;. and usual cere
mony had-been, overlooked.
"Oh, . ho!", cried he,; "you haven't
asked \u25a0 how lam to support, a wlf e.">
\'"And'- do - you • suppose M I have - been
thinkinc^of :that?" ; returned', Dorothy,
beginning; to: bridle. ' "For that matter,
I know \u25a0 you !are: poor." ' -
. "And how ; did,i-ou.dig- that up?" :; .;"
"Dig!" This withthe. utmost resent
ment,, as.'.though ; repelling-":a y slander.
"Why, you < told mamma and'"me-your
self. Itj.was the' dayshe. was'rude and
asked if Mr.. Gwynn would make you
his heir.".-- : ; : .-'.', -. ;
"Surely," said :Richard,. grinning
cheerfully, as if a-puzzle had been made
plain, "so; I: did.'-'
"Sweetheart, I loved, you from that
moment!", cried Dorothy; and with a
half-sob to be company for- the caress,
she drifted: about Richard's neck. V
."Nov.-, I should call ' poverty worth
while!" said Richard,' manfully- kissing
Dorothy all over again.'since she had
come within his clutch. Then, replac
ing her in her chair, the more readily
because he reflected • that he might
easily repossess himself of her, he con
tinued "And the prospect of being a poor
man's wife ' does not alarm you, dar
ling?"
-Oh, Richard!" Then, looking him
squarely in the eyes "No, dear, it does
not alarm me."
Dorothy spoke truth. The prospect
of being a poor ;man's;"wlfe alarms no
woman — -before marriage.
Richard was in a whirl when he left
the Marklin door^ Bess fairly drove
him forth, or, he might not have depart
ed at all. The first shadows of night
were falling, but the whole world
seemed bright as noonday. He was
stricken of 'Vague surprise to observe
a man- running' by him, torch in hand,
lighting the street lamps. Controlling
his astonishment, Richard greeted the
man as though- they were old friends.
They were, not; old friends, -and the ef
fect of Richard's greeting was to lead
theiman of lamps to think him drunk.
"Got his load^early!" quoth ; the one
of lamps. He tippled himself, and was
versed in cup proprieties, which forbade
drunkenness prior -to 10 o'clock.
Richard, continued; down the street.
It was. as if he were .translated, and
had quitted earth to walk the clouds.
And to think that hot two hours before
he had come swinging along this iden
tical : thoroughfare, never dreaming of
the heaven of those loving arms : into
which . he,', was Walking! Blessed ..be
Bess!; He should never forget that sor
ceress,- .who to his weakness added her
strength, and^to his ignorance her wis
dom. It was", such an extraordinary
thing, now that Richard had time to
think of it, that Dorothy should love
jhini! And more amazing that she
should press her cheek to his and tell
him of it! Oh, he could still feel that
round, ; warm, "' velvet cheek against his
own!. It was smih a Joy to remember, too,
that it was, merely the beginning" of. an
eternity of- those soft endearments! -it
remade: the wprld; and all things, even
those most ; week-a-duy and common
place, came j upon him in colors so new
and strange \u25a0 and ""\u25a0rich"; and sweet—
touched as they were with this trans
forming? light of Dorothy's love! Rich
ard plowed. through the winter evening
in a most -ridiculous frame 'of mind,
midway between transports - and Imbe
cility: .<• • "
"You will see me to-morrow?" plead
ed. Dorothy, as he came away.
'^'Whereat Richard averred doughtily
that he should.
Neither "of the' two having the prac
tical wit to settle hour or. place, Bess,
who the moment before had returned
to them from Mr. Fopling with intelli
gence coolly unimpaired, said:
"Four o'clock, then;. .'"and,- .if -I. may
make . a suggestion, you might better
meet here." -. -'..\u25a0\u25a0;'- ' I . ; T- \u25a0•'•."
It was among the miracles how the
high beatitude consequent .upon that
wonderful event of Dorothy's love put
Richard in a vaguely belligerent mood.
It was an amiable ferocity at that,. and
showed in nothing more. dire than just
an' eye .of -. overt challenge Vto ..-all"-- the
world. t[ Also," he dilated and swelled in
sheer masculine pride of himself, and
no longer .'.' walked \u25a0 the- streets, but
stalked. Naturalists will not be sur
prised by-these revelations, having ob
served kindred phenomena in the males
among' other species of animals.
In this lofty spirit, and by a fashion
of instinct, Richard headed for the club.
At. the club, by the best of fortune, as
he would have said in his thon temper,
he ; located -Storri: . and -thereupon he
bent .upon said patrician .such an iron
stare-.of confident, insolence that the
object of .'it was appreciably worried,
turning white, -then .red,, then white,
and In the 'finish leaving; the room,
unable to, sustain himself in- the face
of. so much triumph and truculence.
In the midst of this splendor of the
soul, and just as Richard had begun to
feel a catholic pity for all mankindto
think not one beyond himself was loved
by Dorothy, a message was thrust be
tween, his fingers. It. ran thus:
,;R. Storms, Washington. D.C.— What's
the matter? Where is your letter tOj
night? \:-'i_'L':'lf Daily Tory.
*It was like a cupful- of cold water,
souse! in Richard's face; it brought
him back to earth. In his successful
bright estate of love he had forgotten
about that letter. There was'no help
for it; 1 Richard got pen and blank, and
wired:
.Daily Tory, New York City— Mr.
Storms is 111; no letter to-night.
: ..- L. GWYNN.
When this, was thirty minutes on its
way, Richard had. a further lucid inter
val.' With the power of prophecy upon
him.'he dispatched the following:
Dally Tory, New . York City— Mr.
Storms will be ill a week.
L. GWYNN.
lUgave Richard a pang' to put aside
those - engaging letters, even for a
week. .Under the circumstances, how
ever,'arid-; with.a promise to sce'Doro
thy the next day -at-, \u25a0*. and a- purpose
to. see her'every day at 4. if she' per
mitted him, |he deemed it prudent to
send ;..' the second .message. Besides,
should' his reason, return before the
week's end, he could recover, from that
illness and take iip the letters again.
> Being something ; sobered now, Rich
ard, lighted a cigar and .strolled off
through a fall of snow. that had set, in,
thinking on Dorothy.' Arriving at : his
home, he, sat an hour; in rose;colored
reveries. .He : dived at; last " into tho
bronze casket! : arid broughtout the lit
tle-boot-heel which was the beginning
or:"all First Causes. ; '.'-'.'/[
"lt'L could but 'find the cheating
bungler,", -thought? . Richard./- \ywho
sHghted; that little shoe, in making. I'd
pile fortune , upon! him for J the balance
of.his .life. .And -to; think : I owe Vmy
Dorothy tO;the cobbllngscouridrel!"
At 3 o'clock, with . the | soft fin gers . o f
the ;• snow , drumming * drowsily against
the pane, Richard »went/ to sleep and
dreamedflof ,angels, = aUs6t^whom, were
blue-eyed .' replicas -- 6t » Dorothy. \u25a0', , } . .
'• Richard,, still.irifa gloftfled -trance, .was
up ' betimes. \u25a0!\u25a0 Mr.* Pickwick,> who ; came \u25a0 to
fawn uponlhim,''tbersame;belng his dog
gish "custom • of,^a^morning. I found Richard
tolerant but 1 abstracted;}': fHurt^by >a :lack
of notice, iMr.< Pickwick retired,*, and Ma t
zai~brought in sbreakfast5 breakfast. ',*, *! Richard could
not' avoid -\u25a0 a feeling; of distrustful con
tempt :; f or s himself when . he Z discovered
that he ate like a; hod-carrier. V lt seemed
treason* to Dorothy to; harbor so rude an
appetite.' -.'-:. - .
'While. Richard had laid :> aside those
Daily. Tory letters for-a week, he would
still call on Senator Hanway at eleven.
He considered what ! an ; exquisite thrill
would go over him as he sat gazing on
Dorothy— that new and beautiful posses
sion "of his heart.
Rather to Richard's dismay, Dorothy
was not with them that. morning in Sen
ator Hanway's' study. Had her love of
politics gone cooling? Senator Hanway
wa3 there, however, and uppermost in his
mind was something that would again
require countenance of the Anaconda
Airline, .^
" ..it^was the subtile policy, of Senator
Hanway, in his move toward a Presiden
cy, to seem to be standing still.. Hi 3 at
titude was feminine; the nomination must
abduct him: he must be dragged to the
altar and wedded into the White House
by force. In short," Senator Hanway was
for giving the country a noble exhibi
tion of the office -seeking the man.
This attitude of holding delicately aloof
did not prevent him in the privacy of his
study-^-out of which no secrets escaped —
from "unbuckling confidentially with'ones
who, like Richard, were close about his
coupsel ' board. It was not that he re
quired that young journalist's advice; but
he- needed his help, and so gave him his
confidence because he couldn't avoid it.
Richard. wore the honors of these con
fidences easily. Scores of times Senator
Hanway had gone into the detail of his
arrangements to trap delegates, where
fore it bred no surprise in him when,
upon this morning, that statesman took
up the question of an Anaconda Influence,
and the extent to which it might be ex
ercised. Senator Hanway showed Rich
ard a Hat of fourteen States, all subject
to the Anaconda's system of roads.
"In my opinion," said Senator Han
way, "the Anaconda could 'select the na
tional delegations in these States. There
Is no doubt that the fourteen, acting to
gether — for the list includes. three of tho
largest States in the country — would de
cide the nomination. The query Is. would
Mr. Gwynn be so amiably disposed! as to
move in the affair? I may say that I
should not prove insensible to so great a
favor."
"Mr. Gwynn," returned Richard, "has
repeatedly instructed me that you were
to regard the Anaconda as yours, and the
Daily Tory as yours, for everything that
either or both of them can d<* in your
interest. It will not be necessary to see
him unless you prefer an interview."
Senator Hanway never preferred an In
terview with anybody, where that for
mality was not demanded by the situa
tion. He held to the doctrine that no one,
not a fool, would talk beyond what was
necessary to carry his projects to suc
cess. His present word to Richard, how
ever, did not include this belief. •He put
it in this fashion:
"E do not feel at liberty," said he, "to
disturb Mr. Gwynn with what are no
more than just my personal concerns.
He has much more weighty matters of
his own to consider; and he ought not to
be loaded down with those of other men.
Besides, in this. instance, his magnificent
generosity has anticipated me. He tells
you that I am to have the assistance of
the Anlaconda."
"In what form and to what extent you
choose,", returned Richard. "He «:ven
said that, should you be set to head yout
party's ticket the campaign mightcount
upon the Anaconda for a contribution of
no less-.than a half million!"
Senator Hanway's pale face flushed, not
with gratitude, but exultation.
"I cannot tell you," said he, "which af
fects me most; Mr. Gwynn's immense
kindness or his even greater condescen
sion." ".
Then, getting to things practical, Sena
tor Hanway asked Richard if the presi
dent and general attorney of the Ana
conda might not - again be brought to
Washington.
"They- shall come," replied Richard con
fidently. "You have only to fix the
date."
"Any time between the second and
tenth of January," suggested Senator
Hanway. And that was settled. ,
Richard, not so much because of an
interest— if truth were told his thoughts
went running away to Dorothy, and must
be continually yanked back by the ear to
topics common and earthly— but for the
sake of something to say, asked Senator
Hanway about the committee of three
selected; to Investigate Northern Consoli
dated.
•You know, the business came up be
cause of my letters In the Dally Tory,"
observed Richard, by way of excuse for
his curiosity.
The investigation was progressing slow
ly. It was secret; no part of the evi
dence could be given out. It would not
join with senatorial propriety to let any
thing be known for publication,
"tin a semi-judicial inquiry of this sort,"
explained Senator Hanway, "In tones of
patronizing dignity, "one of your discern
ment, wil! recognize the impropriety,
as well as .the absolute injustice, of
foreshadowing in any degree the
finding , of the committee. For
yourself, however, I don't mind saying
that the evidence, so far. is all in favor of
Northern Consolidated. The company
will emerge with a clean bill of health
clean as a whistle! The committee's find
ing," concluded Senator Hanway musing
ly, "will be like a new coat of paint to
the road. It should help it immensely—
help the stock; for these charges have
hung over Northern Consllidated values
like a shadow.'.'
"And when should the committee re
port?" queried Richard.
"Those things come along very leisure
ly; the report ought to be public, I should
think, about the middle of February. We
may give it to the road for a valentine,"
and Senator Hanway smiled in congratu
lation of himself, for something light and
fluffy, something to mark in him a pli
ancy of sentiment.
Senator Hanway— such is the .weakness
of the really great— had his vanity as well
as Richard, and would have been pleased
had folk thought him of a fancy that, on
occasion, could break away from those
more sodden commodities of, politics and
law-building. Caesar and Napoleon were
both unhappy until they had written
books, and Alexander . cared more for
Aristotle's good opinion than for con
quest.
Just when R .liard, who had been ex
pecting with every moment- his Dorothy
to come rustling in, was beginning to
despair, Dorothy's black maid appeared,
and, under pretense : of asking Senator
Hanway on behalf; of his "devoted niece
whether\or no said niece might count on
his-escoft to the; White House reception
New, Year's day, craftily slipped Richard
a note, r • .-. \u25a0••.*,.\u25a0
"Why, she. knoiys she may!'.'
Senator Hanway "was somewhat aston
ished at .Dorothy's forethoughtfulness;
the more since the reception was a week
and more away.
"Miss Dory .wants tq, have; Miss Bess,
from 'cross d* street, go 'long," vouch
safed the maid. :' - ' •' •
VOh. that's it!" said Senator Hanway,
who mistook, this for an [ explanation. '
Richard was on -nettles to' get ; !at Dor
othy's note. ; Anxiety, sharpened his facul
ties, \u25a0 and he took ; from his pocket a clip
ping, indeed a Dally ,Tory editorial
wherein was [ set forth ' what should 'tea
proper tariff policy, and gravely besought
Senator Hanway : f or j his views thereon.
While . that statesman was donning
glasses and running over the excerpt.
Richard made furtive shift to read his
note from Dorothy. It said: •
Dear:
I am with Bess. Something awful has
happened. Don't wait a moment, but
come. D.
Senator Hanway was not a little
amazed when, just as he found himself
midstream in those tariff studies to which
Richard had Invited him. that volatile in
dividual arose in the utmost excitement
and said that he must go.
"The truth is." said Richard, blunder
ing: about for the explanation which the
questioning eye of Senator Hanway ap
peared to ask. "I forgot a matter of Mr.
Gwynn's."
Senator Hanway waived his satisfied
hand In a manner that meant "Say no
more!" Senator Hanway did not doubt
that the business was Important. Any
business of Mr. Gwynn's must be im
portant. The sheer fact that it was Mr.
Gwynn's business made It important. It
bordered dangerously upon the criminal
that Richard should have neglected it.
The state of affairs described accounted
most satisfactorily for Richard's breath
less haste. Senator Hanway. when he
recalled the assurance of Mr. Harley.
made with bated breath But evening
before, that Mr. Gwynn's Income was
over twelve hundred thousand dollars a
month, sympathized with Richard's zeal.
Under rimllar circumstances Senator
Hanway's excitement would have mount
ed as high. It is such a privilege to
serve the very rich! -....*. ...*
Richard found Dorothy in that apart
ment which was but yesterday the thea
ter of his great happiness. She was
alone; for Bess must play the house
wife, and was at that moment addressing
a slattern maid upon the sin of dust in
some far-off. lofty corridor of the prem
ises. Richard swept Dorothy with a gray
glance like a flashlight. Her face was
troubled, but full of fortitude, and she
was very white about the mouth. At
sight of Richard, however. Dorothy's
fortitude gave way, and went whirling
downstream, in a tempest of tears and
sebs. With her poor hands outstretched
as if for protection, she felt her way
blindly . into the shelter of those arms;
and Richard drew her close and closer,
holding her to his heart as though she
were a child. He asked no question,
said no word, sure only as granite that,
whatever the trouble, it should not take
her from him. These rock-founded -na
tures, self-reliant, world-defying, made
all of love and iron, are. a mighty com
fort to weak ores: and so thought Doro
thy as she lay crying in Richard's em
brace.
And now, since you have seen Dorothy
safe across the harbor-bar of her griefs,
and she lies landlocked in the sure haven
of, the Pict arms, you might cross the
way for a space, and iearn what abode
at the foot of all thla disturbance of true
lovers. t
It was while Richard was closeted with
Senator Hanway that the storm broke.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley, after reflection,
had decided to speak to her daughter
upon the subject. of Storri and that noble
Russian's suit. To this end, Mrs. Hanway-
Harley called Dorothy into a little parlor
which opened off her bedchamber. It was
that particular apartment \u2666 where Mra.
Hanway-Harley took her naps, and after
ward donned war paint and feathers
wherewith to burst upon society.
Dorothy came reluctantly, haunted with
a forebode of impending griefs. The
room was a fashion of torture chamber
to Dorothy. Mrs. Hanway-Harley had
summoned her to this room for admoni
tion and reproach and punishment since
ever she was ten years of age. Where
fore, there was little iri her mother's call
to engage Dorothy pleasantly; and she
hung back, and answered slowly, with
soles of lead.
When Dorothy at last came in Mrs.
Hanway-Harley lost no time in skirmish
ing, but at once opened the main battle.
"My child." said she, with a look that
she meant should be ineffably affection
ate, and which was not. "Count Storri
has been talking of you."
"Yes?" queried Dorothy, with sinking
heart, but making a gallant effort at
childish innocence. #
Mrs. Hanway-Harley lost patience. She
observed and resented the childish Inno
cence, rebuking it smartly.
. "Rub that baby look out of your face,
instantly! You are not a child"'
Dorothy stiffened like a grenadier. She
remembered Richard: her mother was
right-; she was not a child, she was a
woman, and so the world should find her.
Dorothy's eyes began to gleam danger
ously, and if Mrs. Hanway-Harley had
owned any gift to read faces, she might
have hesitated at this pinch.
"What would you have done?" said Dor
othy, and her tones were as brittle and
as devoid of sentimental softness as Mrs.
"Marriage with Storri?"
"Dorothy," said Mrs. Hariway-Harley
with a sigh, softly returning to the lines
she had originally laid out. -Count Storri,
in the most delicate way. like the gentle
man and jiobleman he Is. has asked for
your hand."
Mr 3. Hanway-Harley had read some
thing like this in a magazine, and now
reeled It off with tender majesty. When
she spoke of Storri she had quite the
emx^ress air.
"For my hand!" said Dorothy, begin
ning to pant. -
Mrs. Hanway-Harley looked up: there
was a hardness In Dorothy's tone that
was not only new but unpleasant. Down
deep in her nature Dorothy hid those
stubborn traits that distinguished her re
ligious ancestor of the gate-post and the
water-pan.
"For your hand." repeated Mrs. Han
way-Harley uneasily, v;
Dorothy making uo return. Mrs. Han
way-Harley, after waiting a moment,
gave herself to a recount of these glowing
advantages promised by such a mar
riage. Was a nobleman, wealthy,
young, handsome, on terms of com
radeship with his Czar, to be refused?
Half the women in Washington were
wild for such an offer. It would place
the Harleys on a footing by them
selves.
"But I don't love him." urged Dor
othy, as though that had to do with
the question.
"At this foolishly unfortunate objec
tion Mrs. Hanway-Harley was ren
dered speechless. Then, as notice of
Dorothy's white, cold obstinacy began
to dawn : upon her, . she went suddenly
into lamentations. Vo think her child,
her only child, should deal her such a
blow! Mrs. Hanway-Harley called her
self the most ill-treated of parents.
She said her best and dearest feelings
had been trampled upon. In a shower
of tears and a cataract of complaint
she bemoaned her dark, ungrateful
destiny. At thl» Dorothy's tears be
gan to flow and the Interview became
hysterical.
Mrs. Hanway-Harley was the earlier
to . recover* her balance. Drying her
eyes, she said:
"Disobedient child!" — this was also
from" the magazine — "since you will
hot listen to the voice of love. 3lnce
you will not listen to the voice of rea
son," you shall listen to the voice of
command."
(Continued Next Sunday. )How She saved the General
by the S, S. McClure Co.)
yES; I did save the general's life
saved it twice. Just let me tell you.
First, thfcre was pa— a perfect
prisoner!
I said, "Oh, my poor pa! Do you
think they will cut you In four pieces
end hang them over the gate posts and
horse rack, like King Edward done Sir
William Wallace. V
"Say did. Virginia. Oh. no. child; who
cares to murder an old. gray-headed
preacher like me? I am under guard;
that Is all. You poor little flltter-head
sparrow!"
Pa tried to smile, but be did not deceive
me In the least.
I knew he was held a prisoner of the
deepest, darkest dye — a prisoner of war
in his own very house. Yankees with
guns and weapons at both doors and pa
pacing up and down, backward and for
ward, v© and down the long ha.ll with
that pitiful look on his face, like a bug
on a log and both ends burning, and
hands classed behind over his coat tails.
They let me run about, free as a house
cat. and I was excited. Me and Paul,
we're not afraid of any Yankees': I felt
brave and heroic, and I dared them (not
out loud) to slay me or chain me in
Irons:
I know a great deal from Paul's reading
so much. I hate books myself, Lut Paul
gloats on them and tells me the tales
till my head is stuffed full as an eg?
with schemes, stratagems and all sort?
of expedients.
Poor pa never pays the last *itention
to iii.-' advice, and is too good" ami poke
easy to make any effort for himself, or I
\u25a0would have whispered:
"Pa. make a sudden dash and butt the
\u2666entry off the back porch and escape,
f while I fly to the front door and lock it!"
Instead, 1 Just held his dear hand and
tried to amuse and cheer him up with a
t riddle.
"Pa," I said, "yard full, porch full,
can't get a dishfull" — meaning enemies,
of course, though the true answer is
smoke.
Pa never even heard me. He kept on
looking sorrowful. He darsn't get him
self a drink, so I brought him the
gourd, and his dear hand quivered till
he spilt the water. 1 began to feel
uneasy they would behead pa, so I hur
ried back to the porch to watch. I
made up my mind they should trample
over my dead body before they hit pa
a lick.
1 counted between Jihirteen and four
teen troopers. They moved about con
tinually and orderlies held spirited
horses that champed and looked splen
did. -
1 did bope and trust they had not
\u25a0
Ciiplured Firefly, Paul's colt. He and
1 had hid her in the old Mine Pit, back
of Hazel Spring, in the woods.
Whenever we heard talk of Yankees
coming, me and Paul hid our valuables
*>afe and sound. The woods back of
the spring is full of old pits where they
dug for gold about a thousand years
ago. There's mighty little in these old.
Spottsylvania wilds me and Paul don't
know.
Our i>oor ma had been enjoying her
self up with the angels ever and ever
ssu long,, and pa, preaching every which
awa j , left me and Paul to raise our
eelves to suit ourselves — -we are twins.
The servants managed some sort of
•hackly way, but we all kept care of
pa and loved each other very dearly. ;
Paul is more honorable and toplofty
than me, but I have got a great deal the
Well, I sat in the porch corner and
watched. 1 knew one of the officers
was a general by his straps and but
tons skipping.
He looked very fiery and noble and
wrote notes occasionally, which splendid
couriers would take after saluting and
dash away galloping. There was not any
battle going on, but some kind of'a
1 know all about battles, and the lit
tle puffs of smoke now and then were
just to let folk know they were about,
I suppose. There was not nt-ar so much
uproar as our Colonel Carter had kicked
up when he camped on Racoon Branch
and Jet Paul have the skins from the
beeves.
And Unc' Black Dan made oa lovely
preaching boots out of Paul's skins, with
criers that would screech all the way
from the door to the pulpit, and Unc'
Dan— he could do anything. He made me
*nd Paul little cowskin shoes. Not very
preitj'. and stumpy, but comfortable.
And pa was always sending a servani*-
U» "see what the children were doing and
. tell them to stop." Of course, me and j
Paul did not pay much attention to mes- \
sages, but when we heard those boots
come a-creaking we stopped. '
For we love him dearly and do not like '
to fret him.
* Well, this general was dressed in pis- (
tois and a gold-hilted sword, like Ex Cai
ibur.
When 1 tituugbt of pa's suffering I had
a great mind to snatch a pistol and clap
H to his fifth rib and exclaim:
"Die. Vandal!"
That's what Paul called them. "Van-
Oa:s and De?pot-hcels." Or, better still.
Id swirl the gold-hilted sword and with
rfne fell swoop send his proud head skip- ,
ninff nine ells into our front yard. ;
I didn't really snatch either, but my ,
arm Ehot out in a terrible manner, and 1
.hissed:
"Per-r-risb, tr-r-aitor!" :
I suppose I frightened the general, for \
he upset his ink, and cussed awful.
I ran and got our bottle me and Paul
had made out of elderberries and oak '
galls. It wrote lovely, but. was .very '
sticky.
The. general thanked me like any other
person, and bad such a kind, sweet smile <
I was glad I had not killed him. «'
He rummaged his pocket and gave me
EVELYN
MAGRUDER
DE JARNETTE
a bunch of Ivory toothpicks that opened
like a little fan. and a knife. A knife
with two good blades and a corkscrew.
I never was so astonished.
"Thank you," I said. "I'll do you a
favor some day." \u2666
He smiled at ma again.
"X. mouse saved a lion's life," I said,
very dignified.
He dropped his notes on the porch floor
to dry. I pressed up to his shoulder to
see him write. \u25a0 .
It was my Ink, and I certainly had a
right.
"Can you read it, little reb£l?" he
asked quizzically; for he was not a bit
in any hurry.
"No, sir," I answered; "but I expect
Paul can."
He wrote awful bad.
Just then a scheme flew into my head
to send one of these notes to our men
by Paul, for th£ rescue of pa. Paul
says, "All is fair In love and war.' 1
So I brought a gourd of ice water to
the general, and he draint-o it and sa'.d:
"That 1b fine."
I dropped the empty gourd on purpose,
and picked up a note along with it.
Then I flew to find Paul, who was down
in the thickets abou? his trapi; and I
knew he was brooding scheme?, too, for
we both knew pa takes mighty poor
care of himself, and we look after him.""
He was on his knees and I thought in
great despair or at prayer.
,But Paul was scratching eggs out of
. the guinea nest. I flew at him.
"It's my nest," I cried.
"I found It!" he said.
"I watched the guinea, sir!"
"You watched the guinea rooster; you
can't tell them apart, miss!"
I sprang and pulled his hair. He
squirmed round and pulled mine, which
was cut short and exactly like his. We<
tussled and rolled and * scrambled till
every guinea egg was smashed. I could
not bogs Paul and he could not boss me,
for we were twins, and the very same
age.
Then we sat up and glared. I tore my
handkerchief and threw him half to mop
his bloody nose," and bound up my skint
wrist with the rest.
"Paul," I said, "I am perfectly ashamed
of ourselves. To waste ail this good
fighting -that might have slain a Yankee!"
"Virginia," sneered Paul, "you are not
such a great fighter. You can make a
fellow's nose bleed, and that's about ail."
"What's the matter with my flying a c
the big general's nose then, while you
stab his back in the fifth rib? "
"I'm too honerble!" said Paul haught
ily. "Stab even an enemy in the back
never!"
My conscience hurt me for planning the
death of that good, kind general. I felt
that I must have a mean heart.
"Paul," I said,' "you are noble. You
ought to go along with the Prince of
Whales and lvanhoe and Richard Cure
the-L»ion."
That flattered. Paul, and he smiled.
Then I said eagerly: "The Job of rescu
ing our poor pa, pacing like a— like a
wounded bison, would suit them exactly.
If we could only send word to them 1
know they would come with their vas
sals."
"Virginia, they are dead," said. Paul,
quite solemn. "You stem to get things
mixed half the time.",
He shook his head in great botherment.
"Your schemes are always flighty, Vir
ginia. You nearly killed me once. That
time you tied my aching tooth to the
string and an apple to the other end and
made the old sow run away wi«h it."
But when I showed Paul th > dispatch
hls^yes glowed like lightning bugs.
"ft •Stonewall Jackson gets this, Vir
ginia, he'll come. I know he'll come. He
is out on the rampage now. Unc' Black
Dan cays so. He is here to-day and there
to-morrow; swift as a weaver's shuttle.
He is on the old Furnace road now' on the
rampage." ry
"How does I.'uc'V Black Dan know,
"He heard.it by ihe underground^ rail
road — last night."
"How?"
"Oh, that's what they call it. Don't
you know colored folk find out things
long beforehand ?''
"Paul, that Is perfectly sylendid. You
carry the dispatch, and tell General Jack
son I say our porch and yard are full of
Yankees." " .
"Why should 1 tell General Jackson you
say. Virginia? "
"Oh, well! Just tell him you say.
I'll run and get you a pass like Colonel
Carter gave, and you'll ride Firefly, and
I'll meet you with It at the old Mine
Pit."
WHEN the old philosopher ad
mitted that he was unable to
explain all the ramifications
and subtleties of the ways of
a man with a maid he con
fessed to a condition of Ignorance that
would have brought the blush of shame
to the cheek of any member in good
standing in the philosophers' unlcn. A
man who had lived as long as he did with
out finding out the solution to such a
simple problem might &ay« been justified
in asfcuming that he had lived more or
less In vain. Of course there are many
men, and approximately as many maids,
and they all have different ways, but in
the last analysis they all proceed on the
same fundamental principles. It is with
the pious Intention of spreading a large
quantity of expert knowledge before the
world in general and particularly before
the aforesaid old philosopher anent, the
ways of men with maids that we proceed
to tell what happened to Alphonse and
Marie. . .
Marie was a coy maid and exceedingly
hard to keep in eight of. For more yeaif
than it would be polite or safe to mention
she had had a number of callow youths
trailing around after her. Alphonse being
among these tralleis. It was not that
Marie was fickle or that she. didn't know
her own mind. The. man who thinks that
a woman doesn't know her own mind is
possessed of a V3?t ; amount of high^class
ignorance of the sex.
The settled principle \u25a0by which Marie
regulated her conduct was that men
never value any article that'' is ; held too
cheaply. Therefore she proposed to give
a Ions: chase to the man who presumed
to entice hor into the matrimonial corral.
Furthermore, she argued, .matrimony is
an uncertain condition, .especially since
the South Dakota divorces.. have begun
to loss? caste. with the Supreme Coujt.
L-iberty Is sweet,' especially, .after "you
have lost it, and Marie didn't -hanker 1 : to
deprive herself of any of the sweets of
freedom until .she could make" a contract
that would guarantee her. all -the rights
A MATRIMONIAL TRAGEDY.
\u25a0that' she had enjoyed under, the previous
administration. For. this reason she kept
poor, Alphonse sitting: on : the edge, of the
anxious- seat,- thinking t that thereby [ she
could induce in hlnv'a Vchastened? frame
of mmd and , a <; . due ' appreciation ;of * the
extent *.; and Importance *of : ; his ;. achieve
ments when he should 'at -last enter into
matrimony. 1 -.
Thecourse that she gave him was'cal
culated ,to. frighten a , less determined , man
out of the; field. "Theater £ twice? a \ week,'
with -the '. proper : . accompaniments of
American Beauty roses, ; cabs * arid suppers
after"- tho t play, ,\u25a0 automobile 'i rides % in ; : the
Dark on Sunday; afternoons,! innumerable
THE SAN FRANCISGO SUNDAY CALL.
novels.of .the-latest pattern and boxes of
chocolate- ad; libitum were; part of the
regimen to which ; Alphonse was subjected
by ; the- evanescent Marie. \u0084
; L»est it be ' supposed that' Alphonse was
lacking Mn some of: 'the". qualities of true
manhood, it should be stated that he was
something more than four years old and
that he. 1 thought he ; knew v a few. things
about the game himself. He was content
to wait on the.bench'becaus*' ho was rea
sonably sure that in the course or. time
and I feminine events he would come Ito
Nicholas Nemo
the'bat himself.' .; ; : ' ; :
v' One .' morning .; Marie -awakened 1 and
looked in* her/ glass,; as: was her/custom,
by, way Vpf beginning.- the day.. .To > her
horror/v and '; surprise," - she f could detect
: symptoms' of \u25a0 wrinkles, and even a hint
or.twoiof a!gray hatr.Y: Clearly s " something
would j have \u25a0toI be done,"*, and dons quickly,
or.: alii would: be\ lost. : ; Gray 'hairs, are. a
sign '•% of .-' hdhor s ; arid T^ hard ! work ; in ". a ' man,
but in *a» w<sman,'. especially, in S one :who.- is
still clinging, to" the; family Uree, r , they, are
an \u25a0 indication "of I wasted \u25a0 opportunities * or.
of? an! inability to "detect; ;_the; : occasion as
iti'flew./;^..;- , 'V \u25a0•\u25a0 ' : V' '••.•.'•' • ''\u25a0','.' -""• • • '•'\u25a0":
-It was up to Marie- to decide, whether
:..•'\u25a0 •\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0' '•'\u25a0 . • ' ' r \u25a0\u25a0 '-' •\u25a0: •. : .'.
"You ; can't>,get any pass, Virginia.
They, don't give passes to girls."
"Just look at you now. Always ob
jecting. I'll get the pass from my dear,
kind "general. "You go saddle. Firefly,
and waitfor meat the Mine, Pit. ":
'\u25a0\u25a0 Then I flew like a flash. Indeed. There
was the! sentry, there was pa. "Lean
your head down, my poor pa," I said,
I hugged him tight and bade him
"cheer flip" and' "never despair" and
only trust; in me and Paul and the
Heavenly Father.
; Then Iran up the long stairs and
threw off my. gray homespun dress and
red flannel petticoat In a little pile on
the floor and ] hurried into Paul's other
suit.
:". \\Ye had swapped clothes so often,
just for fun, to fool, people, I felt as
easy .in his , as. my own, and pa .was
the only one who could always tell us
apart. .". »
I crept down the back stairs, got out
she was to continue in her condition of
singularity:; indefinitely or was to semi
out a flag, of truce anil invite ..Alphonse
into the camp to discuss terms of peace.
Since air but him : bad fled, she must
make the best terms possible and capU
ulate with .the honors of war. When
the ease was ..'-tuted *to Alphonse in
diplomatic language no particular men
tion was maik-oLthe causes that ha-1
inspired Marie" to her, determination,
I) at lie \ was Till lowed .to believe thn t his
superior charms had "at last made i\
breach j in? the walls ; of the .'fair 'one's
heart, ;ancl '- that all I he. hid to : do was
to v march, 'in and' take/possession. ;F.ut
Alphonsehadbeen around la little him
self,*;arid-some7of -the things that hu'<l
struck -'terror- to* the rheart- of I Mario
were"' not lost upon- him. ." ;He:knew that
he v/as ; a : sort ,of c,l\ obson's \u25a0 choice, but
ho" also, knew lthat that fact. \u25a0 rellevq.J
him ; of some : ,of, his obligations; 'In .the
matter.; ' \ .--"/; •\u0084•-';
\u25a0'.<• In'^the;- next^act} the weddinu bells
had ; ceased rln King,"' and .\u25a0 Alphonse >an<l
Marie V had :; ; settled { down i to ; the . quiet
joys loftf t domestic rlif e-^at - least \u25a0 Marie
had. >'Alphorise, ; , ho .vever* seemed to .be
through the apple i cellar window and
went round to my general.
He was leaning against the porch
pillar, looking very grand and noble,
busy talking. ••-• ' ;" ..
It swung up on the , low porch and
touched his arm. I was In such a hurry:
no time for swapping knives.
"Please, sir, let me have the skins at
Hazel Spring, where the beeves are
killed?" I asked. They were the very
'words" Paul had 'said to Colonel Car
terl
' "Yes, sonny, a? many as you .want,"
hf said, and went on talking.
\u25a0 1 jogged him again.
* ."Please *slr, gimme a pass, or they'll
'Shoot me like a crow."
He wrote on a piece of paper and
handed it to. me. Hem.' such a splen
did, good general. I was gladder than
ever I had not slain him.
As I made my way toward the woods
.ready 'to c?o everything: but settle down.
The nights that he wasn't at his club
he . vert toTsle>ii In h«s chair before 3
o'clock, and . v.-lien. he was awake he
was unable to nnfl any more cheerful
subjf»ct of conversation that the size of
the last month's bills for millinery and
dressmaker's supplies and the advan
tages of a single Ufa as compared with
his present condition. He never seemed
to find t!ce"to take bis wife out in his
automobile nnyj more, although It w
rumored that Dotty Highball of tho
Thirtv-four ;. Tolly. ValdsCO:npany was
not ,iinne«vialntod with ,the number and
speed capacity, of his machine. Roses
and .chocolates never found , ; their way
now.' .'to": Marl*'.-. and when she remon
strated with, him on the subject he re
minded fcerrthat; she had had her
inning-" some time previous.
All. In- all. Marie was forced to th«*
conclusion * that whatever matrimony
might be. in the abstract her experience
with.itin tho concrete did not incline
her; to. think that she would . respon.l
with "great VtlacrJty to an encore. if the
chance over, came her way. As it is now.
Alphonse". spends most •< of. ht* time be
tween his otlioe and his club, and \\larle
sits at home, and wonders .why mar
riage - Work 3 ; "»uch wonderful 'changes
in men. -The/. Important.; fact which she
overlooked in her plan of campaign was
that the harder a man runs to catch a
train, the. less*' inclined he is to active
exercise 'afterward.
: Copyright.' 1903. ; by Albert Brltt.
soldiers halted me, called me "Johnny"
and "Reb," and by the time I reached the
spring I had showed my pass three times.
The fat Dutchman in charge of the
beeves said, "Dat vash all vreet!" ,'X
watched the man tor a while- FresewOr I
sapped away and dodged about in the
bushes till I was clean out of sight. Then
I fairly cut for the old Pit.
Paul was "waiting. He had gone a rotn-s^
about way by the dry ravine and over our
big arbutus patch. Firefly was ruboi~T«
her nose on his shoulder and was very
glad to ace us.
We were ")oth pale and began to realize
somebody might get hurt. So many ene
mies lurked around who did not care at
all who they shot.
My heart beat with great bumps agaHwc
my side, and Paul's gray blousa fluttered
like a bird was in his bosom.
I handed him the pass.
"Oh, Paul." I sal<l. "does your courage
hold— do yon dare?" SSi
"It does. I do. I do, Virginia, I'll never,
turn back!" He clasped his hands and
looked noble and solemn.
•""If the worst comes to the worst, Vir
ginia,'^ he said, trying to cheer me. "we
Kill join poor ma and the angels."
"Paul."' I said, "would you rather gO
enjoy yourself with ma* or scuffle it out
here?"
He answered sorter alow: '•Wnat is good
enough for angels is plenty good enough
for me, but I don't see how you and pa
could" get on very well without me, Vir
ginia."
Firefly rubbed up between us, and we
all put our arms around one another's
necks. ; \'".
Paul said some of that piece we like io
well:
To every man upon the land
Death cometh soon or late,
How can man die better
Than facing fearful odds?
"What a little fellow you are. Paul," I
said, noticing it all at once.
"I was just thinking what a little, small
chap you are yourself. Virginia."
It was time now for me to ba hurrying
back, for I felt sure pa would get into
some mischief without me.
I told Paul. "Be sure not to catch cold,'*
and we kl?sed.
Then he climbed up in (he little saddle
pa had made for him Christmas, and I
sat on the stump and watched him and
Firefly trotting away through tha pines
and dogwood bushes, and realized he
was Just a little boy.
That was the last I saw of Paul for a
long, long time. -
The fat German eyed me very keen as
I came ' back. I put my hands In my
pockets and whistled to let him know I
was a boy.
I was terribly afraid he would call for
that pass again, but he did not.
He pointed to a bloody hide and said.
"Dere ish your skin, leetle poy!"
And— oh-h! it was the skin of my own
little Spotty heifer!
I burst out crying. "You are- a thief!
I'll report you! I'll tell the general. Oh!
my dear calf I raised myself!"
It does hurt anybody so awful to kill
their heifer they raised themselves.
I drew her little front paws over my
shoulder and dragged her skin sadly
along.
I could not stop crying about Spotty,
and dragged her poor skin halfway home,
without being bothered, till In the edge
of the thickets there came a puff of
smoke, and my left arm stung 1 and
dropped the skin, and I began to hurt all
over.
I had on Paul's coonskin cap and some
body must have taken me for a varmint.
When I got near the house I felt very
curious. I walked sorter onesided-
A soldier came to meet me and pulled
me along roughly.
"You pitiful little rascal!" he said.
"Come and report your deviltry! Dressed
up as a boy. are you?" Bs*9§e
Just as I expected. No sooner was my
back turned than poor pa got In trouble.
With his back against the bell-pear tree.
stood pa, trembly as a ghost, between, a
line of soldiers, who stood at 'tentlon.
The general was leaning against the
white porch pillar and the officers stood
near.
• I do believe they were having a court
martial off my poor pa.
Just then I staggered into rlaw. for 1
was in great pain.
Pa exclaimed: "Oh, Virginia, Virginia,
have you come- at last?" . ';. X'
I clasped my hands to the general and
cried out:
"Oh, do not shoot my pa! H» Is Inno
cent as you. I took the note. Shoot ma.
I am the guilty one— l!**
Then I toppled over and did no* know
anything more at all.
Wow I hay« to tell the tals as pa told
it later.
The general stooped down to lift ms ujy
and said: t
"Poor little rebel! Poor Uttls- kid!"
At that moment a riflo ball tore a hols
through the pillar wh-re tho general's
head rested the Instant before. He ex
claimed:
"My God! The kid has saved my Ufe!"
More bullets cams flying out from tho
thickets; then a volley. Pa said It was
pandemonium let loose. The rebel yell
reverberated through the thickets.
"Yl-yi-yeli-yl! Yi-yee-I-U!" and all in a
moment, like a swarm of bees, there were
thousands of gray jackets.
Our premises were cleared of tha enemy
-in a twinkling. The peach orchard. In
full bloom that morning, had not a blos
som left the next day. The trees were
stripped of their branches by shot and
shell.
Pa says "the battle was fought glor
iously and we won the field."
My pass did not do Paul a bit of good.
-Before he had gone a mils. a soldier
halted him. but Firefly did not stop
i quick enough. Poor Firefly always would
1 manage Paul, and so she was shot and
' rolled on him.
i He was mashed some, but the soldier
i did not bother him when he saw what
1 a small chap Paul was. So Paul limped
| along till he met one of -Jackson's
, scouts and he carried him to Jackson.
. And Paul gave him the note and told
him what I told him to tell him about
' our porch and yard full of Yankees.
Paul stayed in the camp "hospital till
he got patched up and they sent him
home. They praised him up, too. But
nobody praised me at 'all. They said I
came within the ace of spades of being
th» death of both pa and Paul with
meddlesomeness.
Nobody gave me any horse or any
thing, except my dear, kind, sweet,
good general.
How glad I am I saved his life. Saved
it twice. First by. not 'killing: him with
his own pistol and then when I fainted
and made him si 'op over to pick me up.
just in time to dodge the mlnie ball
aimed at his head.
It's a proud thing to save a fellow be
ing's life, and- Ive got his toothpicks
'andthe knife yet, though both blades
are brt>ke. Ihe corkscrew 13 all right.THE ADVENTURES OF
CAPTAIN
KEETLE
THE PILGRIM
SHIP
Tbla »tor»- published to-dnj
— Tbe rtlfirrlm Skip— 4» the
fourth of \u25a0 ncrlem of thrllllBg;
•«•« Morica hj t'utllrTV H?-»f.
ArtalUnc **The Adrmturc«-'ef
Captain Kettle." It la von
••luded from laM ntfk. If yon
vrant knmrthlne that .^rtll
warm <hr blood nnd lift you
out of tbc «lend Irvel o? everj-
rfny rnannoßpU<*Me<>< - doa't
inUa throe nUrriaa, r^prrlenccs
of Captain Kettle. One com
plete klorj- of. adveatore ,\u25a0 will
appear ever?- -»«-#\u25a0!» la the Sna
day Call "<:ntll the «erlea la
flalshed. - -\u25a0 -• - -
a a£"T^HE Fay wasn't much, only 100
• I rupees a month and percentage
I . on profits; and the. owner was a
1 Parsee. I'd never been' low
enough down to. sign on under
* black man ,before, but I guess I was
past being very nice in my tastes just
then. The. owner, was fat and x>ldish, and
wore a thing en his head like a top. hat
turned upside down, and I will, say^ that
I fiid not give hjm much politeness. But
he knew his place; he sahib'd me Quite
respectfully, and he f aid he'd be honored
if I'd take his steamer under my charge.
'She was all he'd got,' he said; 'he'loved
her like his life, and he'd jiot tiuSt her
to any one except a pukka sahib.* . \
"Of course, he lied a good deal — all na
tlvei do that— and he fixed up our bargain
sc that I'd little to v.in and he'd a good
deal, which is tlu.se Parsees' way. But I
trill say he was always most respectful,
and in the matter of victualing he really
surprised me. "Why. he actually put Bass'
air on board at four annas the bottle! •
"We cleared from Bombay in corn and
cottons and earthenware consigned to
Jeddah, and the owner told me I'd have
no trouble in getting a cargo of dates and
coffee •to bring back. But the Jeddah
merchants seemed to think different. 1
cut down freights to near vanishing point,
but they wouldn't look at them anyhow.
I couldn't get a • ton of cargo on board
for any spot on the known globe — no, not
if I'd offer to carry it for nothing. The
S&lgon might have swung there at moor
ings till the bottom rotted out of her, and
expenses were running up all the time.
"The climate was eickly, too; I lost my
rerang before I'd been there a week, and
two more of the coolies died in the next
ten days. So when this cargo of pilgrims
offered, I tell you I just jumped at It.
Of course, this old wreck was not fitted
for the trade. She's small, she's iron
decks, she's only two boats and she's
not near enough water tanks. \u25a0 There'd be
big penalties if she was caught. But ' I
shipped a second rice steamer and sighed
tfcat charter party smiling.
"It wasn't as if I'd go to go through
the ditch to one of the Morocco port*;
the pilgrims had only to be taken across
to Kosseir; and squaring an Egyptian
custom officer is only a case of how ra-ch
backs hlsh."
"You do know your trade," said Cor
tolvin.
"The under side of it," "said Kettle, with
a sigh. "A man with luck like mine has
to. He pever gets on with the decent
Eteamboat lines, where everything is
square and above-board.' He can only
get the little hole-and-corner owners,
who you've got to make dividends for
somehow "and no questions asked, or else
just up and take the dirty sack." "
i'm a man," he added with a. frown,
"that can do the job well, and they
know it, and keep me to' it. But I de
epise" myself all the time ' It isn't in
my nature, Mr. Cortolvin. Put me
ashore, give me a farm, and let 'me
bend yellow gaiters and a largre pat
tern coat, and there wouldn't \u25a0 be a
stralgbter, sweeter-natured man be
tween here and heaven.*'
The Hadji swept the perspiration
from hi* forehead with the back of a
grimy knuckle.
"There's no' accounting for • taste,
captain.- I'm the owner of acres near
Hicbmond, and if 1 chose I could ride
about -my park -and sc-e the farms, and
live the life of -a country gentleman,
just in" the v.-ay; you think you'd like.
But I tired of it."
"Perhaps you have no wife, s!r," sug
gested the sailor.
His guest gave a "short laugh.
*'O, Lord, yes,"' be said. "I've a wife. '
He paused a minute -and then threw
his- half-smoked cheroot savagely out
into the sunshine.
t*'You can take it from me that fve
wife, captain. But — well you see, I've,
always been an Arabic scholar, and I
thought I'd come out to the Hedjaz .to
study' dialects' for a yesr -or so. It
\u25a0would be a pleasant change after- the
milk and \u25a0 lioney of a country -Ife. 1
don't seem to have got kilieJ. r a.iid 1
think I've liked it on the whole.- It's
been exciting, and 1 know more about"
bastard Arabic than any European liv
ing now that poor Palmer's dead, if
that's any satisfaction. If I choise to go
home now, I could pose as no end of a
big boss in that line. The only thing Is
1 can't quite make up my mind to risk
it. By God, yee," he added, with a
fciare out into the baking sunshine be
yond the doorway, "O. yes, I'v*s a wife."
Captain Kettle did not quite follow
all this, so he said pol'tely and vaguely,
"Well, of course, you know your own
affairs best, sir." Then he took a long
and steady look at his '.guest. "You'll
excuse me, eir, but your name seems
familiar.- I wonder if you'd got *that
beard and some of your hair oft wheth
— I bhould recognise you."
•I tancy not."
"Cortolvin," the little man mused.
"I'm sure. I've seen that name before
somewhere.**
The Hadji laughed. "I'm afraid that
neither I nor any of my people have
been celebrated enough to have come
into public notice, skipper; but we Uad
a namesake some years back who was
famou*. A horse named Cortolvin won
the grand national in '67. That's what
jou'll have grot in your mind."
Captain Kettle stiffened. "I beg jour
pardon, sir,", he said with acid polite
ness, "but 1 don't see you've earned a
right to insult me. When I am at sea
I am what circumstances make mo.
When 1 am ashore In -England. I would
have you know I am a different person.
I am a regular attender at cha.pel.and
a man who (outside business maUcre>_
tries to keep entirely straight. : In Eiig-""
land.: sir, 1 take an interest in -Neither
pocket picking,' horse iracing"nor_,sacrH
egc. and I liav'e 'it . on'the. word of ;a
minister I "sit under ;tha'ttherc^ Is very
little to choose between the three." '' [ \u25a0
Cortolvin" facetf""th'eT* situation' ; * with
ready tact.- :That'..thlg"tri)culen«. little
rudan wno could, flirt with" -hiimicfdu
without a second .thought-. Vshould.'-'^o
strongly resent the hnpUtatio'n^if behig
intefested in a ho'rse.ra tie did not--sur
prise him much. He had. njet.o tliers- of
the breed before. And. he smoothed
down Captain Kettle's ruffled feelings
with the easy .glibne?s of *^ man of the
world. But the 'needs 'of* the moment
were again recurring to him w|th vio
lence and he broke ''off. artistically '/to
refer to them. - . : ! •' / ..
"Don't you think,"/ he eald, . "my .fellow
pligrims will bear, a Jittle -'attention- now,
shipper?"' .". ' '\u25a0/•'' •"-'\u25a0'*,\u25a0. '-' ." \u25a0\u25a0
"I wii! be. off and make a. bit of a'sur
prise packet for them." said Kettle.' "Ex
fuse me/'slr, for two -^minutes,; while 1 1' go'
and ijive -instruction's to. my chref", ." And
he r urigon his! '.th helmet" and -left *the
charthouse'."- ..•„'*'.' V:;.j ;_ \u25a0' "-. '^J^^K
The sun cJirnbcd higher into' the flpek
lcs? sky, aiid. lolled^abpve- theVSaigou in
Insalriit crr.eity. \ The, Red Sea heat- grew.
If anything., J«et more'.dreadf ui. The men's
• ins:.- stood' Wit Mn; /ropes 7 upbn'vth'ir-
Eti -earning'" -bodies. \ and ;it • scorc)icd v them"
to d«;aw . in- a '[ Jirca'th;- ; Drlnk, ,' too.rwas
scarce.*^ .The 'jiedjaz .Is a -Ve'glon" /almost
_vater' ( cs»_; .the- de'seri^at ; "flie; .ba*ck\dra!ns"
upi J a.! the ; _moisturc; • qVid^ -pie'Salgbn", had
left Jeddah ,• W.ithvnpr: tanks -on-y ' half- \u25a0
•*• *'-"-"-"" \u25a0 •' '\u25a0?..'•\u25a0 '•'.' .\u25a0\u25a0•'-\u25a0"'."".. :': '- '"': ' ':-'\u25a0'
filicd. She -had to depend .upon. her con
d'cri«ery: aiid. this- was. small.' "And in the
tropics; condenser £ .\voter must be. dealt
out in a sparing ration, or a dozen hours
tt'~- : ' easily see ' a\ whole' ship's company
down with raging dysentery.
The Saifron carried a spar-deck amid-
Isjilps, and • the- pilgrims | were grouped
in two bodJes. forward and aft of this
op ; the iron plating- of the fore and
main', decks. The spar-deck , was offi
cially reached from these lower. levels
by a couple of slender iron ladders.-but
it was not unscalable to a fairly active
climber. There was an alley^way pass
ing beneath the spar-deck. • but -, this
could easily be closed by the iron doors
in the '.two bulkheads, which, fastened
inside with heavy, clamping screws. . ~
\u25a0 •The' chief engineer, came . into the
eharthouse and. hitched .'up his grimy,
pajamas, and mopped liis, face 'with a '
v/ad of cotton waste. •Tie looked , mean- 'V
Yn£iy at the whisky bottle, but Kettle
Isriored ; his glance.: ';.;: : . ;
; ." Well.' Mr. McTodd?'.'said he. 7 / "
'-'. ."I'm a' j ready for "the "\u25a0\u25a0 pagans, sir.
when ye're willing to gi'. the.worrd."
..'.'U'hataro i^our engines like now?".
. \u25a0"A wee bittcc. less fit' forV the scrap
heap .than they were' , a dozen -hours
backi , bu t : nV< very much . to boast \u25a0 of."
jjr! McTodd ' spat 'out 'Into the 'sunshine.'
/;Tbey're .the'; rottenest- , engines ..ever r I
fingered.''. • said he.y "and i that's 'what I
think- of them. . --A: man ought to . have
double, my s . :pay*;. to x.bo near,"* them.
They're : ju«?t;-r«cart-T)rcaking."^ . • ' '. . i
the;/sa-x I^ranciscq jsunday cau2
CUTCLIFFE
HYNE
;* .-\u25a0 v .,», - \u25a0 -. : -v \u25a0 \u25a0< -
\u25a0. "You knew; she wasn't the P. and O.
when you. signed on." A,. <;'•*
"We're neither of us here. Capt Ket
tle, because we were offered fatter
berths." ""-''" -.•' \u25a0\u25a0'.'" r l j.' ' ' '
• Kettle frowned. "I'll trouble, you. Mr.
McTodd. to attend to the matter in hand;
You have those steam pipes ranged?"
"Both forrard and aft." .
"Commanding, both ladders?"
,"Just like that."
"And you've plenty of steam?"
"Ye can hear .it burring .'through the
escape this minute if ye'llj use your ears.
It'a been vera exhausting -work toiling
down yonder in that a'ful heat.". ;
"Well, Mr. Cortolvin here .me
that the niggers^ will ./begin to « play up
the minute we get under way,. -so^. you
see we know where; we" are and'-jnust -be
ready"' for \ them. V I ( shall .want) you' and
the second-engineer oh deck, oftcourse,
so ? you must arrange for ' one[)ot ;your
crew to" run the engines /till W6'ye* got
the- buisiness- settled.'.'. '. •• :\u25a0;\u25a0 :;, \u25a0 -' .\u25a0
"'' "I've a sreaser / down ;'yonder ; who/ can
open the throttle," said'McTodd /gloomily."
"but he's " Rot no ridtlo/n ; of nursing sick
engines ,' like,: these, and -as. like , as, riot
he'll 'drive i them their 'bedplates
score ' of. revolutions. ?f Ye'd^ better £let >me
keep 'the: engine room/:- 1 inyself^i captain*
l ; m af sick man. and Jl'm. no'/fit^or fight
ing^with/rhy/thrbat-as'dryjas^lt^s^bw.".
, Captain : Kettle poured .outTa_;liberal"two
fingers of -whisky .; and C handed 'it / across.
''Now.^Mac,'.' 1 sald""he;*-'wet^your v heck;
and let's have no more of this nonsense."
You'll have to fight for your, life inside
ten minutesi and. you'll do it better so
ber." ; \u0084.,;• * •.
; The engineer' : ey.ed the , _ whisky and
poured it, slowly down'its appointed path.
"Mon,". he: said, "ye' ve an a'ful poor
opinion/ o'. my; capacity. I'll just be off
and give yon coolie greaser some instruc
tions,- and "get : my : sldearms, \ and be with
you/again in (forty clock ticks." ' -
"I. pity the nigger : that > comes}^ hand
grips " ; with : McTodd." said \ Kettle," when
the grimy man; In •• trie .'gray' pa jamas, had
left; the! charthoiise. "He's : an ugly beg
gar to . handle when , he's' sober as . he j- is
now. i We'll get "ready., now, sir.; If yott'
please. -You go to the after end"bf _the
bridge deck with McTodd and trie' second
mate,* and . I'll .'look af ter ; the f orrard end
with'; the Void -mate and the second -engi-"
mer. :. When , they try to rush, the* ladder.
McTodd «will' give them ': the steam*. ' and
they'll; never be ; able; to^face it.' All -you.
arid the/second '.mate' have to '"do is to see
they* don't, climb J up' over the ;rail.'' ;
wish it could ,be avoided," " said . Cor
tolvin sadly. "That high/pressure--; steam
will scald T iome*of 'them .horribly." ..
'-- Vl t '/will do: -more : than that.'V'sald Ket-
tle. ' "It will strip the meat clean off
their bones."
"I have lived among those men, or their
sort, for two solid years, and many of
them have shown me kindnesses."
"You shauld have thought of that, sir,
before you came to me here In the chart
house."
"I did think of It, but I couldn't be a
renegade to my color, and so I came. '
But, captain, will you let me speak to
them? Will you let me tell them that
their scheme Is known and prepared for?
Will you let me explain to them what
they will have to face* If they start an
outbreak?" '\u25a0-._\u25a0
Captain Kettle frowned. "You will un
derstand that" l am- not frightened at the
beasts?'; he said. •
"I quite k/iow that." said Cortolvin.
"and lam forry.to spoil a-flght.' But it
is their lives lam begging for." • \u25a0 -
"Very wclV* 3ald Kettle, "you /cart'fire
away. I don't si>eak their bat^aridj it's
as well they should know fromrsome one
what they have to look forward to. Here's
a -life-preserver which you may rind use
ful. It's the only. weapon I have-to offer
you. My own pistol Is the only gun we
have In the ship."- -,
The pair of . thcrh went outside ' th=
charthousc and walked to the head of the
forward ladder. "A newly fitted steam
pipe, with the joints all greasy with
white lead, lay on the deck planks, and
the second engineer stood beside it with
thumbs in his wa:st strap. On the deck
below, the i>ilgrims no longer squatted
on their carpets, but stood together |n
knots, and talked excitedly. Cortolvin
clapped his hands, and the sea of savage
fac<s turned toward him.
There v.ero iei>resentatlvea in that mob
from 'half .the Mahometan peoples of
Northern Africa. There were lean Arab
camel breeders of the desert, jet black
farmers from the Great Lakes and the
upper 'Nile. Hausas from the Western
Suudan.'limp Fellaheen from lower Egypt
and Kgba who had served on the British
police force at Lagos, merchants from the
back of thc.Barbary states, workers In
metal from . Sokoto. and weavers from
Tlmbukhtu. -J,
They v.nre not all holders of the title
of Hadji; for though by the Mahometan
Maw every male must make the Mecca'
pilgrimage at least once in a lifetime,'
unless debarred by" poverty or lameness. <
the journey maybe done by deputy. And
these deputies, fierce, truculent ruffians,
who had lived their lives among. incessant
wars and travel, were perhaps the most,
dangerous of zXV the lot.
"The black men listened to their late
associate with a momentary hush of sur
prise. He spoke to them in fluent Arabic.
He did not appeal to their better \u25a0 feel
ings; he knew his audience. He said it.
wa? written that If they tried this thing. •
if t^iey attempted to capture the steamer.
th«iy should; surely fail; that all things
.were prepared to give them battle; and
that- a horrible death awaited those who
persisted in . their design. .
\u25a0And then he tried to point out the na-
of: the Saigon's" defenses* ,but there
.he failed. ,It is. ill work to explain the
properties of .high pressure steim to sav
ages. A murmur arose .among them
which: grew. They let out their voices
and roared defiance. And then the great
black mass of : them rushed for the iron
\u25a0 ladder.*<i§?li^9qHPQßPV£B9!9«99
Captain Kettle ciapped a whistle. to his
lips \u25a0 and --blew it' shrilly. \u25a0*" '
"Now,. then.'.Mr.; Cortolvin," «he . cried.
. "away -with you 'aft ;I to help - McTodd!
These cattle here' want { more
than talk,> and I'm- going \to i give- it
\u25a0_therri".'V" .' . "••; "\u25a0\u25a0"-_\u25a0.'\u25a0 '\u25a0...'\u25a0 '- \
\u25a0 In answer 1 to his whistle ; "steam had
\u25a0' -V \u25a0 • ''•\u25a0-.
I'\u25a0 . \u25a0 - . . . : - '
been turned on .from below. The aec^l
ond engineer unhitched his thumbs from/
\u25a0»la waistbelt. tqok a lump of waste In
?ach sriroy hanu, and lifted the Iron
pipe.* It was. well jointed and moved
ta^ily, and he turned the nczz.e of It ti>
sweep the ladder. In that Ixtkin™ air th*
stcu.ni did nut • condense readily; it
traveled three yards from the nozzle of
the pipe before it became even thinly
visible, and it. impinged upon the black
naked bodies ami uurued horribly wita
uut being seen.
,U urst tuty did not flinch. With a
dreadlul vaior ttuy. faced the torment,
ami iought with each other to be first
jpon the nififi% and ihen when those In
Iront would lia.e hclu back, me mob be
hind pressed theta irresistio.y onward. In
a niumtnt ir so tae. mst ranic began
10 so <io**n oefore \Rut withering blast,
and thtn others t-'ou on tnem and fell
also. Uti the. hi.i ojLtyithins black hu
manity grew to half the height of the Iron
ladder. • •'
And in the meantime others of the pil
grims wc:e try ins to storm the bridge
deck at other points; but on the port
side the gray-headed old man fighting
baresark with an ax. and to starboaxd.
Captain Kettle with pistol and knuckle
duster, battled like \vildcat3 to keep tha
-acred planking inviolate.
What was going on at the after end of
the Saigon they could not telL. From
behind thtm came the roar of the fight
ing Hausa and the savage war cries of
the desert, jtfs: as they rose up from
before their faces. But in its first flush
the fight was too close for any man's
thoughts to wander from his own im
mediate adversaries.
It seemed, however, that the battle wa
over first in the after part of the
steamer, and whether this was because
the attack there was less heartful. or be
cause Mr. MeT odd's artillery was more
terrible, cannot now be known. The
question was debated much afterward
without coming to a decision. But, any
way, by the time Captain Kettle* ad
versaries had ceased to rage against him.
Cortolvin was free to come and stand by
his side as interpreter.
The wounded lay sprawling and writh
ing about the iron decks; below them the
survivors— and scarcely one of these wma
without his. scald— huddled against th»
doors of the forecastle; and the grimy
second engineer held the belching »ts*m
pipe upward, so that a gray, pall hung
between the Saigon and the sun.
"Now. sir." said Kettle, "kindly trans
late for me. Tell those animals to chuck
all their hardware over the side or I*U
cook the whole lot of them like so many*
sausages."
Cortolvin lifted up his voice tn •one
rous Arabic.
"It was written," he cried, "that th«
giaour should prevail. It Is written «J«O
that those amongst you having wit shall
"csst your weapons into the sea. It Is
written, moreover, that those others of
you who do not on this instant disarm
"shall taste again of the scorching breath
of Ehlin."
A stream of weapons" leapt up through
th? air and fell into the swells alongside
.with tinkling splashes.
. it would be a weariness to guard
you." Cortolvin went on. "Swear by the
beard of the prophet to make no further
attempt against this ship, or we shall
jail you last In death."
'A' forest of trembling black hands shot
up before him.
. "We swear!" they cried.
"Then it is written that you keep your
vow." said Cortolvin. "God is great!
See now to your sick." He turned to
Kettle and touched his ragged turban,
alter the manner of an o~*cer reporting.
"The mutiny is ended, sir," he said.
Captain Kettle swung himself lightly on
to the upper bridge and telegraphed
."Full speed ahead" to the englno room;
the propeller splashed In the oily swells,
and the Saigon gathered way. Sullen ami
trembling, the pilgrims began to tend
their hurts, and presently McTodd with
a large copper kettle In his hand de
scended among them, and distributed oil
and surgical advice.
• 'There were none actually killed at my
end," said Cortolvin. J< .
"I dropped four." said Kettle. "I had
to. It was either me or them. And my
old mate axed half a dozen before they
let him be. We'd a tight time here while
It lasted."
"It will require a good lump of back
shlsh to explain it all satisfactorily at
Kosseir."
"Oh, I can't go near there now after
this. No custom-house for me. sir. : I
shall just run inshcre a dozen miles
short of it. ami out the beggars on the
beach in my boats, and let them get into
Kosseir as best they can. I suppose
you'll come back with me?"
"I suppose so. Anyway. I can't go on
• with them. It is the first time any of
them have discovered I was not a gen
uine Arab."
"I can imagine." said Kettle, dryly,
"they'd give you a lively time. If they
had you to themselves for live minutes.
The sons of the prophet don't admirs
having Europeans messing about the
Kaaba. But I owe you something, sir.
and I shall be happy to go out of my
way^ to - serve j^ou. I will drop, you at
Suakim. or at Aden, or at Perlm. where
J am soinsr to coa!. whichever you please."
. VBut what about yourself?"
"Oh. I shall be all right. I am seldom
in need of a nursery maid, sir."
"But if this affair gets into the news
papers, inquiries will be made, and you'll
very possibly find yourself In an ugly
hole."
"It won't get in the newspapers," said
Kettle, thoughtfully. "The pilgrims can't
tell.', my officers daren't for their own
sake*, and you leave me to see my coolies
don't. Newspapers." he repeated dream
ily; "queer the hint should have coma
like that."
"What hint? What are you talking
about?" • * ; V
"I remembered then *here I'd seen
your name, sir. It was in the Time 3 of
India's gtnfral news column."
"Whnt.waa said?"
".Well. jjlr. I suppose you'd better b*
told. But you must hold up for a hardish
knock. V.'ill you come Jnto the chart
house for a minute and have a peg?"
. ,"No: get along, man. get along."
"I think !t was about your wife, sir.
> Do»"s she hunt?'/ /
"All the ; stcscn."
i "Then it wi!l be her. I remember now
i it said Richmond in Yorkshire, and the
. name was 'Airs. W. H. Cortolvin. She's
t broken, her neck, sir."
i Ccrtolvin cfrttrheU at the white rail of
i the bridge. "My Gud!" he cried, "dead!
i .Jutia dead! Is that -all. captain?"
"It was only a two-line paragraph.
t "You'll please understand how sorry 1
i am" to carry such sad news, Mr. Cortol
3 vin."
,' . "Thanks, skipper, thanks." He turned
.•away and walked to the end of the brtd<e
I and stayed there for a while, leaning
\u0084 against an awning stanchion, and staring
; at the baklns leve'u of the Red Sea
t. which were slipping past the Sijgon's
rusty flanks. And then he came back
i again and stood at'Kett'e's sfdo. looking
• down at the pilgrims anointing their
.-\u25a0 scalds below.
• -"I have learned to be something* of *
ti fatalist, captain." he said, "when I was
, among these people. This is how I sum
,' the? situation. It was written that my
» ' wife should die while I was away. It
I was written also that I'should live. \u25a0 God
> ordered It al!. God la great.'*
Captain Kettle gripped his hand in sym
-- pathy. "I'm sorry for you. sir. believe
• me. I am truly sorry. If you thlnk'a bit
s ot poetry about the occasion would help
- you at all, just yon say; and Ill- do It.
i I'm in the mood for poetry now. All
J things put together, we've' been through
t a pretty heavy time during these last
» few hours."
' ; " "Thanks, skippor. ttiank:-".'* said Cor
i tolvln. '."I know you m»an well. - And
now If you don't mind I'll leave you. V
. -think I'd like to be alone for a bit.'*
'•You ; do. sir. * o and l!e down on my
J . bunk. J'l! . have you a beautiful elegy
t) 4 w"r:tteh by the time you're : back on deck
again. It will comfort iyou."
1 (CopVrlght by CufUffe Hyn*)
miiFTlirßßpTiiinHTai* iili* mi W TfflWimißißiiiiiiwi iwi imi i^m ifflflwMINING CAMP CHIVALRY
AT TONOPAH
HELEN DARE
, II !•;:«•; aw^it'iis lie llantfal^oie \u25a0
j l'-»tas< belonging ivi v tho:jc liiuch
] tuns and storied "cooti cl <3 i jaic»"
I that we r.ccd not lauicr.; t:-.^. lors
A «. i. ntid uv.a bf'lhcso i? c : -"-vaJr;*. .
K)[ cuv-*r; v.c T.lio traverse tij= city
"\u25a0v-inp-.us from straps .rsay be a V.tt\r
ekeptical and Inclined to doubt Hz c:::st
encc*. but that Is only because chivalry.
'.Ike -many other beautiful things. <ioc3
not thrive in the urban atmosphere:. '"•;
Cliivalry has ever been a part of min
ing tamp history— and mining camp chiv
alry, &o Airs. ."Tom" Edwards of Tono
pah tells me. isn't all in the Bret llarte
books.
It isn't all- bottled up In the traditions
of "the days of oJd. the days of gold; the
<3ays of •43." etc., etc.
U doesn't all belong with the pine
scented memories of a picturesque past.
It flowered for a tim*— and it fiov.crs
yet. but a little more shyly— at Toiso
pah. '
Mrs. Toto Edwards has very kindly
yielded to my pert-uasions to come out of
the eeclusion of. her domestic privacy to
:ell me about iv
Of course I could go ud to Tonopah and
see for myself— things from the outside,
but I couldn't see what Mrs. Edwards
has seen froxn the inside, and from the
beginning, for she has lived there since
Tonopah was a little cluster of tents and
shacks flve years ago. and she was one
of the' first twenty women thcre^whlch
is not, let me whisper to you, an expe
rience to be scoffed by any wohian.
Also, of course, we know all about Ton
opaii. about its wonderful discovery and
riches and growth and all that sort of
thing that will be carefully and statis
tically put Into its history— or has al
ready been »ut. In— and sold by subscrip-
tion to all Its "old settlers."
But those* little things that are not put
in history; the laughter and the tears—
the arcma of its life— the Intangible things
that wt;ld themselves into bonds that
bind a people together, and that are kept
care'ully hidden from the searching jour
nalistic eye except on rare and heaven
sent occasions, arc what I care most to
know, and what Mrs. Edwards tells me.
Mrs. Torn Edwards has lived at Tono
• pah very modestly and . unsensationally
merely as her husband's wife.
"You must not," siic -stipulate*, "put
:n3 in the' paper f<n Kiy own account."
Aisil we tells „mo about Touopah^'be
cause of, hrrTtove ;fur and her pride . in
Toncp.-iiv—niiu her r;rr..tltu<l<»;,:foV her.hns
•band \ve:it.:o Ti.;i":iah :i fortune .seeking
prof-poctcriar t d has' struck it rich;-ap rich
Ihtil Mr. and Hrj.Kdv.-j ids are here se
lectlnjj the site a;«cl irTnkisif: tlic phms
for a boauilf i;l'. home nt Birlisigamc— KCt
tins rcculy.to brir.g .down their castle In
the air and malic it a; solid and substan
tial thins u:x>n hrr.i. cnrtli. to Mvc in
"happily ever after." ' tUelr fairy tale
having come true. •
Tonopah . ccnscQUcntiy wears itsbrisht
est side' toy.-aril Mrs. I^dward?.
"It's only natural," snys Mr, Ed
wards, parenthetically explaining' Mrs.
Edwards' enthusiasm and speaklng^out
of the fullness of- his o\yn heart, "that
you should think the place where
you've done well, v.-here you've been for-,
tunate and happy, the prettiest and best
pl.ice on earth— and that's the v/ay we
feel about Tonopah. ' : _"*'-,.'
"Maybe," he hedges, '-there arn't very
many trees there — and a good deal, of
dust. Maybe things ARE a little
rougher than they nre down hero; but
we've been fortunate there, and happy,
and I guess no matter where we go
we'll always call Nevada 'home,' and
we'll always think Tonopah the best
place on earth." •. f.^ '•
"And you know, Tom." supplements
Mri. Edwards, "that the new houses
there, those built of stone", are .as.
handsome as you'll see anywhere; and
you can get anything you want in
Tonopah. And as for the people, If
there are any anywhere kinder or more
liberal "
It Is from this Doint of vlSw that
Mrs. Edwards tells me about - Tono
pah, although we go no . farther . into
matters of promotional or educational
value. : ','"\u25a0
Personally, I must shamelessly, con
fess, I care very little about the sta
tistical history of Tonopah, or any
other place. My mind has a'shocking
bad appetite, for facts- of educational
value relating to population; -products,
output, etc., etc. Biit of the things I
care most to hear about . at Tonopah
Mrs. Edwards cau tell me, for she has
the right; - She may ?pcak, for she can'
I. have eaten -jour ,brra^ and si'.t. -.
I have t'rLir.li your water anil ,w;i;t,
The ileath» ye'dlcd.l have watched b;'sl<lc,
And t!)e lives lhat yr lea -were, mine..'
"I went to. Tynopah,". Mrs. lid wards
tells ran beg-innlns 1 at
the bcslnniiitr. "in .the : first ';' days, to.
join ray husband. \u25a0 Miv Kdw&r^ls - .had!
prone there to' make a location. .. but.
tinding all : the chtims^ worth 'while
taken, and: not being a_bl*s to leaser he
made up his niiml to guiy. ancl wait.'for;
his chance, • and in the hietiiitime, start
a_ store." i;lJ6''liad: : some. : buildiiig-3 : at'
Delama r, Xcy., • where \u25a0 y/'e'^ wer~e r,» li y.i,
ing. anil - lnVnamc' honie, pulled : .them,
down, loaded them on" *" v» v u'iron3 . ' and i
hauled them to Tonopah.- ' "* -' "\u25a0\u25a0•-.-. \"
'\u25a0When I went. In' we had -to go by
stage — a. clxty-mile drive that . tool:
about sixteen hours.
"The stage was" heavily loadcil Uik
ins In supplies, and . every v seat . was
taken.' I- wa3 the only woaian pas
sensrer. iind the. men, although I knew
none 'of ,t!i«m/-/ did" everything 'they
could' to make mo comfortable. There
wore nuin of all. sorts, of course, new
people jjoihg" |ns§*jniners; going back,
tind, 1 suppose, sports, too; but >not
one word was said nor one : thing: "done
that, could have annoyed 'me.
"The traveling- was very rough, the
stii^e rolling: so that ;. ft" made mo T .
side. -Kothing could 'huve been.kinder
than the men then. They- wanted -to;
know "what they could do for-meiandi
suggested yvcrythlng they could tlilnk
of. I \thougb* that iempn) juice might
do me gioQ-i, but no 1 cne/'had'- a "lemon. .
"They said . that ; if^therc-: was :•: *a
lemon to be had in Nevadajthey'd'get
it for me. • .-*
"When we' sot to Crows Stationthey
went in and found that there was Just
one ' lemon there ' and \u25a0 they, brought 1 it
out to me. . \u25a0:\u25a0-, •;,' • '.- -•- - \u25a0 -.;':-/' •"\u25a0'.*\u25a0 .\u25a0-.•!*'.
"Perhaps this : doesn't sound like
much — but It was the 'v/ay they did
it."' . : -\u25a0'. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0. 'h-yA \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0-' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0"-'-.
There was ONE lemon in Nevada-—
and they got It for her. r "
"We had' no amusements except of
our own making, at flrstJ v * Indeed; now;
we are? dependent < on; ouri home talent
for entertainment, for the sort of com
panies that come ) to give . us ; shows ;are
not worth seeing.? At first we had only
our "partles-^-dances }. in ">^the- ; Miners'
Union Hall; and when; therewere only!
THE SAN: FRANGISGO SUNDAY CA^L.
; , twenty women as •'. tlierc were . when I
lipt (there, ' they, were .kept "pretty, well
"supplied with -partners,'; ''/'".•, •
3 ./'Thoi men didn't. comes ih^their.kahki
clothes., 1 They .wore the, best
they had, and sometimes- that ;,waa^ very
sood.yand the women of course repaid
.the -compliment -by wearing as pretty
',' things.; us possible: _ • -", /, '- -' \u0084
evidence of a' mining camp's
.co'nslderation .for; women wasy shown'
at tlie'.danees.i. There' was, :'.as Ifsuppose
there always isMn every camp.anob
;.3*e"elienable fclement, but this was novel
I intruded* into the,dances.. A vcryfew
\ t-iines men brought "women; of. ;the other
kj^ui^not notorious women;, but those
li vJnj?; very quiet ly, but that was stop
;;pr;<3.''. 'The curious . thing about it was
•'\u25a0ihat'tJie men who made .^the'- mistake
— wcce'fJClctiy tqld. by .jncn.who: had no
womeri of, their.: own families, at Tono-
I pah— men whoi'simply; wanted, to show
-their respect for the sootl women there,
and no man over-made ii ipl^take twice.
There was no trouble.; and.no fuss
. made. It' was just stopped, and . the
dances went on. Now the dances In
tho. Miners' Union;; Hall are big affairs,
and awull,- with lots -of., pretty, dresses
. and diamonds.- ' - ; . ,
"No one ever went hungry or in need
at TOXOI^AH." Mrs. . Kdwards tells me
with pride, pointing, a : contrast to this
.bigrgev. community. She says it apropos
of the story "of a] casev of .\destitution
she' has found in her morning paper.
"'Why, if any one werfe. found in need
THERE the people would, .carry them
things until there wouldn't be room In
Sttia house for all that would be given
S them. . ;. .. \u25a0 .
:-'.Lv. "During the first jSiege of sickness
-. l there — an epidemic:' -of pneumonia
•'among- the niiners — -It. was shown how
kind and liberal a mining; -camp could
be. In sickness ani], in' der'.th no one
- went Without care, whether he had
• -means or not. •- As. soon- as, a man was
'found sick he was taken care of with
out any waiting to ask if, he cculd pay
for. It. Of course the men belonging
.to .order*; were l ."taken ; .care of. by \u25a0 the'r
owriv orders,, but ;!f a man belonged to
reorder, he^was. cared for just as well
and ; as -' soon .> as heneeded: it. \u25a0-
V "It ;\u25a0. was i a '~]very .'" sad I time, for * veVy
often mfcn 'got- alckand'dled and" were
burled without their own peoploknow
ing anything about- it. Men , who ca,me
there to try j their fortunes .would tell
no one who they were' or where , they
came from.': Sometimes there was noth
ing.; among, their, belongings to show
;who . they were, and It saems :to- me
they were "all the more ' kindly cared
for on' account of that, i and when they
died, "our- people * saw that they were
burled decently and ; in a way that their
own people would have ; wished/ v
"There was ; no clashing between the
different , orders and different faiths. At
first there were, no churches.' and 'only
the Miners' Union Hall for any purpose.
I rememberone day that three funerals
were held thera; at the same time, one
of an Odd Fellow, one of a Mason and
one" of a' Catholic,, and, the services
were read . at the \u25a0 same ; time under ' the
same roof, and . no one thought of any
objection to such a' thing. * The people
were as liberal in feeling as with their
purses.-.V •; \ .:; "- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0- % :
"During the epidemic' 1 ' strange' things
happened;: I noticed, that In one tent near
where we lived tiie ', man did t not ' seem *to
be stirring, so I went over and found him
down 'with .pneumonia., :He thought It
was : all over:. with ' him, ; but I • urged .him
to go to the'hospital,: and' had ; him taken,
and he >Is \u25a0 well and : strong 'to-day. " '
; '.'There < was i another, tent, just 'a little
maslin. shelter .'.near us'; that-; I. \u25a0; could; see
from my 'back r. door ,v and • I noticed ,: one
morning there was no life about. it." When
my I husband came ; In to breakfast \I ? told
him ': things <\u25a0 looked /queer over \ there,' \ alid
that ; I'\u25a0 thought something ; was wrong; \u25a0; I
just ; had a - feeling : that 'there iwas.-. He
Iwent over and found one man dead, on his
cot, and another, beside him, asleep, r . worn
out:with\watchln&.^; : ;T' ._; ''.': >' V ' \u25a0
-.-•; "Men"; in \ a'/ mining . camp, away* .from
home— sometimes': for, *i the first ? time-^get
\u25a0 lonely and homesick,, and J suppose that
'.niakes |themj feel \ kindly ,to the women . .
, : Ithat are there/. Whether that is the" rea- '
bon or,.nn"t I:know they: were; very kind
.to the" women at , Tonopah, and that there .
; was never a safer place : ' fojr " a good
; woman, or . one " who appeared" to be", re
spectable. \u25a0:\u25a0' r \u25a0 * \u25a0 . '
.- "'lt-was their custpm in the. early days \u25a0
irto'catherrtomeetthe.' stage, and if there "
"was a womanabeard the word always got
S around somehow and the whole masculine '-\ \u25a0,"
"population would be.on hand for her ar
% rival— just to look on. : That was the "way
<\u25a0 it- was .when; I .arrived. * Then /if it: was
Jknown thatshe; needed anything to mako y
* her edhifort&ble — -"/,-. -'
v' "A- leni6n-rr6r anything?" : .' '
• i : "\*es," : Mrjs.' Edwards, laughed;\"a lemon
\u25a0or anything, tlieytd see that she 'got;lt,r
\u25a0\if.it-:was to be had. • ; '
;•\u25a0 ..'"Quite 'a* number of bright^ clever young
\u25a0 girls came -there— typewriters, stenogra
phers," bookkeepers and girls who could do
''.something -'and -wanted to; get on. .They „
werelwell paid, three, four and five dol
lars a day, and some Q/f" them Have done
",well',with. mining; ventures-, and- not one _
of them hasany unpleasant experience to '
' complain,,; of. . .- Eyen the roughest men
showed.. them :
: "There is, I suppose, more or less .
drunkenness and bad language .in every
.camp, but one thing I -noticed was that
if I or any other woman -walked along
the street and approached men' who were
drunk or swearing or talking loudly, and •
offonsively they would stop— at least un
til I was out of hearing.
"As soon .a's* ; they would see a woman .
cbmins: one of thew, would say. 7 'Sh! Here
comes a woman,' and tho' very drunkest
of them would" straighten up and try to \u25a0
Inok as sober as -; possible and . utter -no • .
offensive word L until she , had passed. ' -
.. "My ; own 'daughter came home from
school and' went into- her father's stor»
for.a?tlme.and hot once while she; was
there was she offended by any rudeness
or. familiarity, or unpleasant word.
'_-• *"I : think. : from what 1.->I .-> have seen , at
Tonopah, , that; , the . way a woman Ms
; treated by men : depends very, much upon
-herself. ': I; : think men.. want.; to respect
women, that . they prefer j to think , well [btl
: them;, and that; if a -woman appears' to
\u25a0 be, a» good ? . woman men . are glad to treat
.\u25a0^ her .-as* such;*.?) It 'is curious-'- to' see how
\u25a0 ? men:.-.- will.":: gather, \ardund respectable
.\u25a0women) -just because they are lonely and
\u25a0:< homesick., >'. ;',V. : r ".•:'•\u25a0 : '. •••\u25a0 -.• '.\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' , -... .'
.' ."I -femember' several -young men. al
1 most ; boys.T- who were i away .- from home
for: the: first time; who" used , to ; come Into
my i husband's /store* and talk with ma
v just because they \u25a0{ were >. homesick. They *
-were so unfamiliar. with. mlnfhg that" they
didn't know how to" make a location even. -
>,To hplD;th'em, out and give them- some
thing to -interest themselves in ., I" sug
gested that '.they . make locations at ; the ,
I lower end of town, where none had been
' made ; : and I told them as best I could
rhowto go aDOut' it. They didn't do It,
j-. but went ; away, and now that property
is some of the most valuable to be had.
Of 3 course iI : dldn' t . know that— l : only -
'\u25a0 thought t It would be better to take a
: chance than do nothing.
..--.\u25a0\u25a0 '.'The first 'church fair at Tonopah was
an example of ' the good feeling and ,11b
• erallty of -our .-'people. • •.\u25a0\u25a0•/' «_^'v
TKe Ye«Bitcliai; Dance^cgf ; the;Nayajds
(Continued From Page One.)
cle, conducted always . by the leader with
the spreading, plumes. ..
The steady, drumming of the !mocca
sined feet, . the deep guttural "O-hoho-ho!
E-hehe-he ;, he-he!" \u25a0mingled •\u25a0with -the
shrill ; high-keyed tenor comes do-wn the
scale \u25a0in • a peculiar % wave-like , movement;
It is -the 'cry of the wild, things of re
mote desert fastnesses— which these Nav
ajbs themselves are. The song rises and
falls'.:
Sometimes it Is like the grunting of the
great bear of the mountains as" he grubs
between the roots of the juniper— like
the rushing of 'a ' brook— like •' the" wind—
likel the mingled cry 'of vultures or ; the
waiting of coyotes in the darkness— and
through Ut; all persists t the drumming .of
\u25a0 the" feet: on ithc ground . and. t the steady,
ch-r-r-! of the gourds like a hundred rat-"
tlesnakes.
' The song - finishes in a humming ; souiid
' "It was 'a . Catholic % fair, neia In i tha
Miners' Union Hall, and all the twenty
-women there took part, regardless of'dlf
.ferences: in creed. We made a lot of
fancy work and had tables as at an old
time fair. .The lemonade. I remember,
was - something awful, for lemons were
scar?«: : but we' made : $2000 in 'one night.
The iiair would only hold 500/ but every
man came whbcould get-in.; They knew
no; coin (less 'than- a.auarter, and< seldom
thought': of , change; and we didn't "have
to i worry them. to buy." \u25a0" . { \u25a0 .
. This ;I put -down 'with pleasure to the
credit of Mrs. ' Edwards' Tonopah, , al
though it will seem Ilka ah : impossible
dream to the good women who. put their
energy in church fairs; here. _,
"The women who" have gone to Tono
pah on business or to work have nearly
all. done well.. •
"There was one woman who came from
Delamar, Nev., to start a boarding house.
She was having her furniture hauled and
the wagon broke down. She ' came on
with what she could bring, , leased a lot,
put up Jtents for rooms, a shack for a
kitchen 'and dining-room, and got right
to business. In a little while she had' a
blgrhouse, and only the other day she
sold out for $9000.
"Women who have gone into mining
and this set ' files out to be replaced by
another, very much the same to the' un
practlced eye! But with each set there
are two clowns, dressed very : much as
the. dancers in masks and feathers, each
carrying the skin . of a small animal,
which they put ' through "all manner of
queer pantomime.
Old Chief Black Horse st^pa forward
and * delivers a speech. He Is a fine old
warrior type, his fiery" little eyes turn
ing I upon .his brethren "with a command'
ing. gleam.' .
Then come set after set and song after
song, which seem very much alike to us,
so .we take a 1 walk around the edge of the
camp among ponies and wagons and cof
fee-pots; sleeping • figures . curled **ip in
their .-blankets, head to • the * fire, -Indian
fashion.' "\u25a0
• • Here'we find mnthers, nursing their ba
bies—little: -browhp dumplings,, wearing
only/ a ' calico . slip. . They., blink at . us sol
emnly In the firelight, land, "glancing be
'' * Ttiim iTi lUinimairt ill " Vrnii " f\ utiimttnm amm^n
on their own account hays not bee? suc
cessful, but those who have had - men
make the .ventures for them, have nearly
all done well.
"The girls who cams to work there,
ethnographers, etc., have nearly all mar
ried, and married well and happily. Tha
attachments formed under the early con
ditions all seem to have been very real
and strong." - . •
These halcyon days for venturing girls,
I find when I inquire for the benefit ot
our girls at home, are almost over.
'.'Now." Mrs. Edwards tells me a -Ilttla
regretfully, *1t Is getting different. There
are more people at Tonopah— nearly 8000,
I think. . and of course we don't know
each other so well and are not thrown
together so much and so pleasantly.
Cliques are* beginning to be. formed. ->
"I suppose the Tonopah of to-day is a
pleasanter, more convenient place tban.it
.was when I went there, five years ago.
It has all the modern conveniences
electric lights, water works, sidewalks,
and even a sewer, but I am glad I" knew
It in its early days, when- our water sup
ply was carted around in barrels, I had
a tent for a kitchen and our people wera
so close together, and dependent on each'
other that we got to know each other
as real men and women."
yond them into the dark and frosty hori
zon, we do not wonder that this Is a
hardy race— those who survive their In
fancy.
At the lower end of the camp, near the
dancers' dressing-room, we come upon a
set of them standing apart in the gray
moonlight getting a breath with, their
masks off. humming over In a low tone
their next ' sou jr. We speak "to some of
them, but they Will not answer— they may
net speak while they are Impersonating
gods. •;.•\u25a0
We make our way shivering back to.th*
trading cost and gulp down the hot cup
of coffee that has been provided for us—
then back to the dance, which goes on till
the rale gray of the clear winter dawn
lightens -the eastern sky, and the long
line of the meras stands blackly visible*
a^ain.
The blue smokes of camp, rise afresh
into the keen morning air. and already
gayly blanketed iperi and women dash «by
us on their; way to tire a tore— and wagons
and DonJes and wives and babies follow—
returning to ; their far-away - hogaaa
among th»; Juniper 'hill* .'Tramps Throught The Snows
of Bleak Siberia
OUT of the bleakest wastes of Si
beria there ha« recently emerged
ii man that has tramped nearly
7000 ißi!es, in a zigzag course,
through that vast stretch of Czar
Nicholas' domain. He "has met with
and combated all kinds of hardships,
fume of them worse than have been ex
perienced by the unfortunate political
ar.d criminal exiloF, that are forced to
make ihcir abode in that isolated por
tion of the world. At certain periods of
his long am! arduous journey ha
fraternized with these banished Rus
sians, whose conditions he studied: par
took of the meaner hospitality of the
natives of that !und; crossed on foot th 2
snow-clad Tsehauen mountains, a feat"
credited to no other white, man,-, and
finally reached the civilized world again
with a tale of adventures some of which
are thrilling in character.
llerr Oscar Iden-Zeller is the name of
this interesting traveler. He landed here
several days ago from Nome, where he
arrived on- September 2 from Eastern Si
beria. He is a journalist by profession,
a member of the staff of the Berlin
Tageblatt. a graduate of the Kaiser Wll
helm University and a traveler Ly pref
erence. His recent adventures in Russia
and Siberia were the outgrowth of his
detcnuinatlon to study tho^e great coun
tries.
Leaving Berlin on the morning of April
23, 1903, Iden-Zeller proceeded to Copen
hagen and thence by steamer to Stock
holm, from v.here he walked to Helsihg
fors, Finland, and on to St. Petersburg
and Moscow, arriving in the latter city in
October. I*j3. January of (.ha following
year found him in the Siberian towtruf
Bamara and by gradual stages he tramp
ed on to Tomsk. Irkutsk and Yakutsk.
It had been the original plan of Iden-
Zeller to 'cross the Russian domain to
Vladivostok and to also visit Tokro. but
the war compelled him to change his
route in the direction of Verschojansk,
at which, he arrived in October, VM. It
was there that the more arduous part
of his long journey was encountered, for
the country is wild and trackless and in
habited only by native tribes, principally
Yakutas, except at occasional mining
camps, where civilized people are to be
found. In December, 1901, Iden-Zeller,
footsore and hungry, arrived in Sredne*
Kolymsk, and three months later he was
resting in the Nijni-Kolymsk district,
where Pantleicha. a well known trading
center, ex'.sts. and where the annual fair
of the natives was In progress when he
reached there.
On leaving Pantleicha Iden-Zeller
turned his course toward the* lofty and
snow covered Tschauen mountains, across
which his journey with the hardest
of experiences lasted for 113 days. Early
in his difficult climb he lost his matches
and tobacco, while crossing a' river, and
nearfy lost his life by felling through a
crevice in the Ice. With no means of
building- ;i fire or drying his' clothes and
warming his half frozen body the intrepid
traveler was stricken down with a. severe
cold mid a fever and was crippled with
rheumatism. It wa3 while in this suffer
ing cuiiuiuon without proper nour
ishment he was found by a band of na
tives., who carried him off to a pli.ee of
dicker and carefulij- nursed bacK his
bUdlgtii.
On one occasion luen-ZelleV- encountered
a member cf the Jiust ian police, who' es
corted him to the next station "and
furnished t!ie traveler,. with*" food and
lretsh clothing. It was seldom, however,,
that be. enjoyed the society of any one
other than natives during those many
cays of terrible experiences and he was '
glad at times to .accept' from these In
habitants of the frozen country morsels
of bleeding raw iish that they obtained
from beneath the Ice coating of tha
streams.
Idcn-Ztller lays claim to the distinc
poa of being the lirst white man to cross
Ihuy Tschautn Mountains on foot. He
fcays a number of white j>ersons have
made the Journey In sleighs, but they
wire wr&jiped In furs arid, traveled under'
the escort of natives, who provided them
vlth food! In his case, however, he was
clad only Gkn reindeer, parka and ' was
without means of building fires to cook
or warm his food. For days and days
he subsisted wholly on raw fish, and suf
fered severely from the torturing cold.
Among his many trials < was the fording:
of mountain torrents. Frequently, when
weak and ssick, lie was compelled to bal
ance Ills pack on his head; while he
weded painfully through these seething
i masses of broken ice.
I One gloomy morning Iden-Zeller's
* weary eye righted far oft the Arctic
Ocean. Whlie the first glimpse of the
Ice-bound sea revived bis ; spirits 'it by
no means lessened tie task of descend
ing the precipitous mountain sides, for
be was weakened by the* lack of food
and foot sore after- bis days of hard
traveling. At* the close of the 115 th day
of bis mountain tramp he reached the
Arctic coast at a point near the mouth
of the Kockven River, ; and after a short
rest he proceeded along- the coast to
•Cape Nord and Xhenec'»on.U> Ca;>e-Van
luirexn and Capa Swdze-Kamen,' arriving
at th* latter plac? early last August.
Seventeen, days later he reached a sta
tion -at the JSastcrn Siberian Company,
and from there. he waa conveyed to the
American side in* a small \u25a0- vessel," and
eventually taken aboard the \u25a0 schoo.ner
AblefT which had been sent, north -to the
rescue of the crew of, the Barbara Hern
ster at Plover Bay. if . .
"While I now recall: my experience in
the Techauen Mountains an mere inci
dents, of what was, as a -whole, a pretty
rough trip," said ICon-Zcller, "I doubt
very 'much if I could -'be persuaded to. at
tempt ' the Journey again. " .And : yet 1
learned much by It, especially as to the
habits of the native tribes.- which, in my
opinion, are. the very lowest of the type
of mankind. They are extremely lil thy.'
inhospitable and treacherous!. -True, they,
cared for me when I was sick, but only
af tfer I had aroused their superstition to
a degree where they suspected that I pos
sessed some demon-like . Influence that
might he exerted against them.'
"They show no respect , for . their : dead
and little for the aged mamber3 of their
tribes. It was not an " uncommon sight
to see these natives in the . mountains
hauling a dead tribesman f rom : his \ hut,
and after stripping him 'of his furs,
throwing his ' frozen body Into a- stream.
On.one occasion I saw dozens of bodies
floating in a river.pjol, where the. lee had
thawed. Alienee piays havoc with'th*
natives,, and'especially leprosy .rand ele-^.
phantiasts, '-'which are .rnbst . prevalent
among the tribes. Often I had toslee'p
at night in the huts of these unfortunate
creatures, but even leprosy . is | not feared
; by. a man who Is -hungry, and -eager for
shelter ; from the "frigid night air of
Northern Siberia. »'\u25a0 .-.';* ' ..I
What surprised .me most In Siberia
was the comparatively easy ; arid com-,
fortable" life of the political /exile. ' HV
had been pictured to me as a, man, who
suffers/, constantly, in -his,, exile from
the brutality of, his guards and,is 4 for
ever in want of food and V; clothlngf. T :
Quite to - the contrary \u25a0 I found _ '-hlm'f to ~
be, ; in the majority "of cases, a man of \
considerable contentment, and I recall -.}
oue exilej who j told ' mo , that ; he ; would \u25a0
notigo back to Russia if freedom' was
granted .to. hlin.~As.a~ mater"/of fact ':"
the, status! of, theiPolltical^exiK-! In Si
beria has materially... changed In" the
past? ten -years.' .- Brutal, ''methodsV of s
handling this class of ,- exiles "ihaveia'p
parently'been abandoned." iThe';prison
erp..; if you ': may^ so eall>» them, are \u25a0- now . '
uhder the control of educated men JronV
somo of the;. best ; famiiics Via" .lJussia,,
who have been selected" by. tiic^govcrn- ?
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL:
ment to direct th.affaJf* «ff t&* •xflo
villages;;./-- ;.--\u25a0\u25a0* \u25a0/\u25a0 : - ;/. . : .\u25a0\u25a0.-:,.;.'-.'.. >:
V'The :• procedur* ' ' •,' pr*»orTb«d { i t or \u25a0: \u25a0'. the
arrest; and | the i sending lof political I of
. fenders ' ; to .: ;' Siberia '; is, "- however, ;; r «un 7'
changed.; There " is ;- an. i administrative
officer,' in whom' is reposed thoTauthor-
Ity to: take; an' offender -from his) bouse,
at any,; time Tqf | day; or nlglit v and \u25a0 keep
him under; restraints untllf a'isufficlent'
number; of -.''offenders',' a ro-*" gathered ;_. ; In;
. to fwarrant-^theiiv' being 1 -transported/; to
;a plf^-c 1 * of "exile jn', tho •' Far ?East*'; It-is s
; within thcr.V power :- of ','tliis officer . to
•impose a", sentence "\u25a0 of > eleven ; years 'and ,
• \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 , . « \u25a0 > '\u25a0 •/' - \u25a0'- '-\u25a0 . • • >
864 days upon' a' prisoner,' but* If the.
later's^ off enso merits ; his ; getting ' a
•longer^ sentence: the case goes to the
'Minister i of i the Interior/ of Russia ', for
the Y issuanceltJf an ..imperial \ ukase.
\u25a0 Prisoners t sentenced to life servitude'
•are; no; longer sent to ; Siberia btit are
consigned 1 to "Schluessnlberg, an "island
prison \u25a0In . Ladoga * Lake, : a short dis
tance from St> : Petersburg. " • -.'.•'•"\u25a0
v ."When ian oKend«"r*-i3 • sentenced' • to
exile in Siberia he has -the" privilege of.
taking, his : family, with" him, and is alsQ.
pprmittodrttv ; carry- with him .books and
; ether .; readlns * matter, ' and all the " bag-
cage ne needs to establish his home In
the far off country." From the moment
of ' his- ' arrest, however, his letter*
pass through the hands of the
police authorities , and/ It rests en
tirely with them if he- shall receive
them later. During my long tramp I
saw .many trains 1 bearing exiles to
penal colonies, the coaches in which
the exiles are Imprisoned being des
ignated by their green coat of paint
and barred windows. \
••:.".-'. "The government allows all political
offenders en route to Siberia sixteen
kopeks or seven cents a day as ration
money 'on their trip, but this may be
\u25a0 supplemented with money of their own
In the-ir purchase of food on their way
:o Tomsk. Itis there that the govern
ment assembles the exiles before dis
tributing them to their future and re- .
moUr places of abode. Tomsk, which Is
situated 'on the line of the Trans-Sl
bei lan road, has a population of about
35, C00 people and is liberally endowed
with churches, a university and a li
brary, and a music hall.- \ - .
\u25a0 _; 'After .segregating the prisoners those
who are' to serve less than three years
are sent to "West Siberia; those with ex
.* lies of from four to ten years go to East .
Siberia, and Northeastern Siberia Is mada
the^home.of prisoners of longer terms.
;\Vest Siberia exiles serve out their terms
at Omsk, Krasnojask, Kurgan, Mariensk
and tha,t vicinity. They. receive a monthly
allowance of twelve rubles and live where
and how they please. They are permitted
to engage in any labor and from what
I could judge of their condition they
were suffering from only one restriction,
that of not being permitted to .' leave.
Irkutsk, Alexandrofsk prison, Katshuga,
Kirensl:, Olcckmlsk and -Yakutsk are '
where most of the Kast Siberian exiles
live. .The country being more barren and
the- weather severer, the exile there re
ceives fifteen rubles a month. I found
them engaged there in the construction,
and repairing of their houses of clay, in
which they /spend many dreary years..
' "In Northeast-Siberia, In the villages of '
Verchojansk. Sredne-Kolymsk, Verchne-
Kclymsk und Pantellcha, the greatest
terrors, so often oictured In tales of Si-:
beria, still exist. The entire country Is
bleak and barren. Oft«n in the middle,
it summer the mountain lakes are cov
ered with ice and discomfort seems- to
prevail everywhere. I had the pleasure
of bearinr; from .Verchojansk to Sredne-
Kolymsk, a manlft-st of the Czar. on. the
occasion of the birth of his son. granting
amnesty to a number of political exiles.
These -unfortunate men were of an edu
cated class, but, strangely, were not over
anxious to leave the penal settlement. The
supervision of the police in these places
-is a farce, fur I was allowed to s"ee anar
chistic literature in Verehojansk which
- had : been ./ received through the regular
nfail and 'distributed among the exiles.;
- "Early In " September— a year ago— l
reached" Yakutsk, the largest and most
• important of the Northeast Siberian
t towns. It ' is the most northerly tele
graph station Jn the worjd. belns at 62
degrees, north latitude. It was founded In
•1632; and in 1535 numbered its population
.at 1650. When I was there It had SCO po
; litlcal-iirtsoners.
"From Yakutsk I journey on to the
v Kaelte-Pole, or the coldest place of exile.
: I was , accompanied by the district chief.
I Ispravnlck, , as police convoy to -Vereho
. jansk. . It was a dreadfully cold spot and
'.at times our breath actually crystallized
.'before us.' It was midnight of October
; 31 that we arrived at- Verchojan3k. hay-
Jlngjeft Yakutsk October 10. The place
. is.hardly, the size of an American village
/and is covered with small log huts frozen'
over with '-Ice!" presenting a most bleak ap
v pearance^ Undoubtedly, this la the coldest
' spot yet 'lnhabited, on either hemisphere.
It Is situated 67-desrees 37 minutes north
/ latitude and 133 degrees 51 minutes east
It. Is at "Verchojansk that one
enjoys '_ magnified ntslg*bts of the polar
~. lights,' ; scintillating* with splendor, pa a
light vapor of icy crystals hovers neir
tiW ' ii»uuad. I found tha thermometer
there registering 2i degrees Reaumer. or
124 degrees Fahrenheit below zero.
"For a fortnight I remained in Vercho
ja;isk as the guest of the district chief.
v. hose house, built of logs, with .snow
for^a roof, is little better. than the habi
tations of other members of the village.
A dozen Russian officials, two ministers,
twelve Cossacks, one or two merhants
and 130 Yakuten constitute the popula
tion of this world-forsaken town, where
the social line is sharply drawn and tha
food most miserable. The ordinary diet
is dried beef, rye bread, bad. tea and th«
Siberian strogauin. a preparation of. •
chopped frozen fish, which I am pleased
to say. has a rather palatable taste by
reason of the fact that it la served with
some sort of a mustard dressing. Her*
the political prisoner enjoys the same
privilege oft other inhabitants and draws
a Government allowance of what would
amount to about t) In American money.
"Sredne-Kolymslv is even, more miser
able than Verchojansk. I reached It af
ter three weeks' riding in a reindeer
sleigh. \u25a0 loaned to me as a 'favor for car
rying mail from Verchojansk. Sredne-
Kolymsk will ever he remembered by me,
for . its fishy odors and its remarkabU
howling' polar dogs, that yelp through
out the day and night. So intense Is tha
cold ' in the daytime that unfortunate in
habitants of the village have to keep in
constant motion, and* even then It Is im
possible to remain comfortably warm.
One is continually in a sense of deadly
drowsiness despite the exercise he U
taking. There is no terror felt for death
in Sredne-Kolymsk. When one's time to
die comes he makes no attempt to stay*
off the end. When he passes away his
grave is scooped out In the snow. Blocks
of ice are placed above his rudely con
structed coffin and they mark the burial
place of the departed for many years
after.
"My study of the Russian exile satis
fied my mind that he is a class that pre
fers to lead a shiftless life. His life's
hatred is directed toward the Govern
ment, and the greater the concessions.,
granted "by. the latter to Us subjects. th» »
stronger Is his railing against the ruling
power."
The trans-Siberian Journey of Iden-Zel
ler had its pleasant side, for he was met
and. entertained by many noted men.
whose signatures and words of greeting
grace the pages/ of his interesting diary.
In the early part of his trip he was re
ceived by King Oscar of Sweden, and was
al3o greeted by the Crown Prince of Den
mark. In St. Petersburg Iden-Zeller was
the guest of Prince Knilkoff. whose name
is familiar to the An.c -lean people,
among whom he lived for a number of
years In order to avoid being exiled to
Siberia for a political offense. While la
this" country Khilkoff was employed on
the railroads and. after receiving a par
don from the Czar, he returned to Russia
and tool* a prominent part in the con
struction of the Trans-Siberian Railway.
At Jasuju Poiiana the German trave|er
was the guest of Count Leo . Tolstoi and
the tatter's son at their home, and from
the two he received much valuable in
formation regarding the people and tha
country .that be later visited, and letters
to Important persons in Siberia that in
sured him a welcome to many homes on
his trip to the Far East. His diary fa
filled with the signatures of various oflj
ctels. particularly the chiefs of districto
in Siberia through which he passed, cer
tifying to fcls presence in their places of
Jurisdiction and commending him to the
-favor of others. -
Although the hardest part of Iden-Zel
ler's iong tour "L* '\u25a0passed. \u25a0 he still has •
many thousands of miles to travel befora
he returns to Berlin. From here hi*
route lies to the south and includes E£l^
Angeles before he starts on bis trip
across the continent. In New York he
will take a steamer for .London and will
visit A number of the largest metropolises
of Europe before reaching Berlin.The Sunday Call
Women's and Children's SectionThe Passing of our Older School Houses
f * •— "v OCTORS, lawyers, merchants,
V ! chief,** twelve' of them
! I alumni of the Washington
\u25a0^— * Grammar School, took time
from their affairs, a few days
ago, to revie-it the old structure and re
new acquaintance with some years that
were.
Word had gone forth that the many
condemnation^ official and unofficial, had
Jiually become effective and school was
Hi be dismissed tor tne last time. Tw
raorrow vouiu see the beginning of tht*
demolition by which a. building rich in
nK-morics should give up its snare in tht*
active life of the city to become a pan
of "yesterday's seven thousand years."
There could- be no better occasion for
a. last look 'round. So these "boye" from
classes long disbanded visited the differ
ent rooms, marveled at the small stature
of the present students "miti wondered
whether when they were thirteen or
fourteen they were no larger. "Why,"
Kaid Attorney K. C. Chapman. " when we
left the Washington Grammar we
thought we were men! Were *c only
little boys like these?"
Then the toucher gave the guests a
chai.es to talK to their successors— the
latest holders of the old, nr.ien-Wiitti.eil
ticsits-ahd there followed a de.Ujhuul
quarter of an hour.
It was very serious, too.
When ilr. George Leonard, graduate of
lhtt\ took possession of the seat that had
been his more than thirty-rive years ago,
and from that vantage point raised ni*
hand to ask permission to burrow a pen,
there was no hint of amuseme::t amjnj
the regular pupils. His need was gravely
supplied by hto next neighbor a:id til- 1
wurfe went on.
Four o'clock came and with the depart
ure of the majority the reminiscent few
canvassed the playground (which isn't
ground at ail., you Know, but a- wooJ
paved ine.osure irom which all view of
tlie street i.s shut off by a. board fence
strong and high* and lived again the
jiaines once played, the rights once
fought— fights by which the leaders main
tained supremacy over their fellows even
If 'they wire afterward to go down to de
feat before that recognized exponent of
law and order— the teacher.
"There were very few changes," suid
.Mr. Leonard. "'None of us had. been in
the old .school since our graduation anU
yet everything was about the same.
Some of the boys positively identified the
marks cut by themselves in desks and
seats and we thought the blackboard*
were the ones we had used. Of course
it seemed smaller— yard and room* and
all. We remembered it as a place of
magnificent distances and could not quite
be sure but that the ceilings are much
lower now than 1 thirty-live years ago.
'I remembered when the girla were
transferred to the Denman and Broad
way Grammar schools and the b*d effect
the change seemed to have upon the
boys;. That was in '6»i, 1 guess, and for
a time there was a good fleal of rough
ness in some of the classes. The teach
ers were hard pressed to meet the of
ienses with punishments as ingenious,
but in time they won out and the school
lost its reputation for being a trial.
"We all agTeed we would like to find
others who had been students there in
the early days, and particularly some of
the girls, but 1 suppose that would bo
hard to do."
"Those who attended the impromptu
reunion, " said Mr. Chapman. !'were S.
G. Carruthers, Albert Knolle, Abraham
Xewmark, Harry Knolle, John Pepper,
William Brown, J. D. Ralph, C. P. Over
ton, Edward C. Huff. Henry Ellis. Mr.
Leonard and myself. .We gathered on -..e*
corner ana some of us hardly recognized
the others as they got off the car. Liv
ing here in San Francisco, we had not
met for many years. Joseph Grant was
a class-mate and Wallace Bradford and
Fremont Morse. Mayor Schmitz gradu
ated from the Washington too, but later
than rye."
The school held 'its first session
(though it wasn't called Washington
Grammar, then) so long ago as Decem
ber, ISCI. in a small building on Dupont
Ctrefct near Jackson.
Two years later it was removed to
the little Baptist church on Washing
ton street, where, upon the completion of
a ilm-story, the city had rented the
basement lor r.te as a school.
Another two years, and the pupils
were transferred to the house on
Powell street, between Washington and
Jackson, in w4iich since 1650, Rev. R
E. Prevaux had conducted a private
school. The city department lirst se
cured possession In June, 1855, and for
the. next tix years used it for the gram
mar grades.
In ISCI the new building oa the cor
ner of Washington and Mason — now
become the old building — was com
pleted and the. chijdren Joyfully entered
in, leaving the Powell street Institution
a primary.
In the beginning boys and girls
worked and studied and played to
gether, but by 1868 the enrollment had
increased until a new arrangement was
necessary and the Washington became
a boys' grammar school, the girls be
ing transferred to the Broadway Gram
mar. • .
There were eight classrooms then,
but in the next year four additional
looms were fitted up in the basement,
making, a twelve cjass school--a large
one for those days.
Of the early principals, Joseph
O'Connor Is still connected with the de
partment, being now in charge of Mis
sion High SchooJ*
"I became principal of the Washing
ton Grammar in "74," said Mr.,O'Connor,
when! I asked "him for some bits of un
written history, "and t remained there
untii 'S3. Those were"* busy days. The
boys were older than the graduates arc
now and they certainly were uctlve.
"I remember when the colored chil-
dren first cair.e to us. There hud dcci
a number of schools for them, but they
wcte poorly attended and in'VS tl«e
board decided to abolish them, and
send the children to wnutever regular
scnools were most convenient, bo we
got our quota.
"On the ttret day after their entry,
fearing trouble, 1 preceded the ranks
out into the yard. No sooner had some
of our boys caught sight of the new
students than they raised a cry of
•Ni^-gerl n.g_er:' a.d comn c.iced.
chasing them. i cuught the first
offender and gave him a good thrash
ing and that rather calmed the ardor
of the agitators, so we had no serious
trouble. Within a month the colored
boys had overcome their timidity and
were dashing around with the others,
having as good a time as any.
"We had the first fire drill ever in-
Etituted in the city schools. It worked
admirably when we had no Hie, but
one day a defective gas fitting threat
ened us with a conflagration and I
thought I would never succeed in get
ting the signals sounded.
"That wasn't the fault of the chil
dren, of course, but of the assistant,
who seemed not to understand I was In
a hurry. The flame was soon ex
tinguished, however, and so did no
damage, but I remember to J.his da"y the
anxiety of those few minutes before we
knew how it would come out.
"Even in 'T5 the building was in a
far from perfect, condition. The floors
were uneven and we could sometimes
hear the sound of water underneath.
As there was no way to get \>elow to
see what the trouble was we ha.i U»
have a caipenter cut a hole in :i tloor
and then with candles we went down
to explore. Tne water we hear.l came
fivm buildtr.fcs on the .next lot and the
only reason It had not collected iherc
was that the dry. sandy soil absorbed
it rapidly.' • There were no ventilator^
in the walls so it was not surprising,
that we found the timbers and beams
bad'o' eaten away by rot. I rcmernbei
tlvat'l v/as able to thrust a lath into
one of the main beams with the great
est ea3e. V
"Some repairs were made to
strengthen the floors and walls, but the
house as a whole was not changed."
r'That old piano," I began. \u25a0 :
"Why, that was a relic -thirty years
ago!. It -had been there., so we under
stood, gince 'Gl and may have been
us.'d before that. I don't know of any
ono who wouid know Its earliest his
tory."
The first principal of the Washing
ton was • l-\ K. Jones, who was elected
December, 1831. Then came E. jH.
Holmes, March. 1553: H. P. Carlton,
August, 1556: James Stratton, January,
ISfil: Captain L. D. Allen. July, 1868,
and Joseph. O'Connor December, 1874.
Since 18S3 there have been but three
changes of administration, the princi
pals being Selden Sturges. T. B. White
and T. H. McCarthy.-
As I sat in: the tiny, detached office
waiting the arrival of the principal, Mr.
McCarthy, there were to be observed
many evidences of the recent, on
slaught of neighborhood boys, by which
the historic Institution was stripped of
reference books, records and supplies.
Two mothers,; accompanied by con
trltc'young sons,. were likewise anxious
to see the 4 principal, and the minutes
of ouriwaitinff were broken by the ar
rival of other youths bearing armloads
of books or erasers secufod >, from , the
offenders or from a small" near-by'
store, .to which they had been sold
for a few cents.""* The Questions of the
. ofnce.rs could elicit only, one reason for
.the looting-and that -was the apparent
-THE ;\u25a0• SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
general desire for a "souvenir" to have
and to hold, I '-:\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0-
"The children did.not seem to appre
ciate what they were doing," said Mr.
McCarthy,- "though 'as doors and;-cabi
nets were locked they : must realize
they have laid themselves open to seri
ous charges.". ' ;.-, -. :
"Tell mo about the new building/ I suc
ge3ted; "and what will you do for a
temporary* home ?"' . :V -
"The board . has bought .the two lots
just west'of us on Washington* Btreet,' and
we are fitting the houses now there for
use while the new school Is under con
struction. : • •. <T "
"This corner— building, "yard -and all— (
will be covered by tho fine -new structure,:
a nd once -we are Installed > the houses 'at
tho rear *will be, torn down. to i 'give i space
for a large*, playground.^ The i.'i appropria
tion _of J119.000 iwlll .insure us a. thoroughly •
modem school I in construction 1 and, equip
ment : and we | hope it - mays be.; ready | for
use by t the ; beginning •of the fall term/-
The cost. of this oldibuilding? Only $17,-"
D 00 ,- less" than 'one-tenth C us . much , as . its
successor."- •- : -.- '«' • .. =- - -- : .-\u25a0 . . y^ - . .
it is impossible to consider the city's old
schools & •without ;j wondering ?. where Xl andj
when the first was built— the very earliest.
-There are many»people-in San-Francisco
who remember, it— the I little j frame rbuild
ing raised In i 1847 on Portsmouth * Square.
School waa first,. held there : in foV
1843, ".but. the gold \ excitement \ of \u25a0' the
-months . that— came after drove - out-- all
thought of • lessons i and . : it was : not . until
the following December ' that the sessions
Mabel
Beeson
were resumed, under the guidance of a
teacher named Brown.
The imposing name of Public Institute
was given to this little school, and within
its walls, were' held the first Protestant
church services of the village.
But the building that has the longest
record of continuous use as a public
school is the Garfield. on Telegraph Hill,
which last year celebrated Its solden Jubi
lee.
In^point of organization, this school
is not quite so old as the Washington
Grammar, as its first classes were hot
assembled until June 17, 1852, in a
email, wooden building at the corner
of i Montgomery, and- Broad way. A- few
months* later it was; removed 'to ; Du
pont and Broadway, where it remained
until the* completion of the ten-class
brick building that has, been -its home
\u25a0 t
. alnce 1334. y^Kv^
Mrs. Mary Prag. now In charts of
the history department of the Glria*
High School, was a primary studenSJiH
the Garfleld and remembers the grailt
day of its removal to the n«w structure.
"We formed in line and marched
from the old school to the new." said
Mrs. Pras, "and the superintendent and
president of the board made speeches.
Colonel. afterward Senator, Baker,
whose two sons attended the Garfleld,
was present and I think he spoke too,
but. of that I, can't bo positive. Th*
children, sans patriotic songs and th«
occasion was of very great Interest to
every one In town. This was April 29,
1854.
"Within a few days occurred our
great May party. It was held la th«
old music hall on Montgomery street
where the Occidental Hotel now Is, and
there were about two thousand school
children present — the full enrollment
of the city. The different schools wer«
designated by different colors, the Gar
fleld's- being sold, and we marched and
sang and had a splendid time. In those
days, when so many of the settlers'
were here without their families, the
children were of particular interest and
never a public ceremony of any sort
was complete without our partlc.^A
tion. On the laying of the cables %•
took our part in the exercises and «yea
on circus days the school children ex
cited ue're enthusiasm than the ahoir
italic. \u25a0-
"Teachers and pupils used to «»*
their lunches up on tho top of Tele
graph Hill. There was a queer llttl*
lookout post' up there, from which tha
Incoming ships were sighted and news
" et their approach signaled to the oltT.
\u25a0oelow. That stood for some yeare hut
was long ago removed.
\u25a0"Ahira Holmes was th© first principal,
but was succeeded in, November, 1533.
by William Hammll. who afterward
married one of the grade teachers, Miss
Austin. . ... .-
"Mrs. L. E. Burke, principal of the
Columbia Grammar School was one of
the early teachers In the Garfleld. and
will remember more about the students
there than I. It Is a fine old school
and has sent many bright young men
and v.-omen into, the wider world out
*slde."
• • • .4
"I taught my first school at the Gar
fleld In 1857," begins Mrs. Burke, and
I give up trying not to look surprised
at such a calm announcement of al
most half a century of service. And
I so, would you, for Mrs. Burke Isn t
nervous; isn't worn out. nor broken
down, nor any of the things women are
supposed to be after a . life In the
schoolroom. She Is bright-eyed »n.d
keen and thoroughly Interested ln^is
things I want to know.
S "I, was in -the primary department
then," she continues, "and- had both
boys and girls in my classes.
"A good many years later the girl 3
were' transferred to thY Broadway
Grammar, but afterward, they were
readmitted. At first the Garfleld had
the rank of a grammar-school, but It
Wits changed to- a" primary and back
agdin until in U SSI it became a schuol
for tho lower grades only.
"I left to become vice principal of
the Adams Cosmopolitan.' but returned
as principal la ISSS.
"Mr. Roceovferi. president of the
Board Of Edtteatloe. is U;gruduate and
so Is Mr. Bean3ton, now connected
with the audUlns- board ..of the tele
phone . company. I recall at this mo
ment Charles Warren Stoddard. Charles
D. Robinson, the artist; a sister of
Edwin Booth. William J. Dutton. Wil
liam Bosqui, the De* Young boys, Wil
liam I* GullOTvay Henry. Hook and
the Gruenhagen boys. .v~.;
"Yes. 1 fcave seen many change* in
our public schools during -'my connec
tion with them. No teacher now in the
corps holds a license of as early date
"as mint. • \u2666• \u25a0•
"But the chanep3 are.foa the better
ment of the work." " ]• .^;'
- Though the Garfield' is jn excellent
.condition, it 3 use considered, it is in
adequate to the present' requirements
'and the Board : of Education has
planned a. sloii.ooo building to take its
place in the nelrfuttire. * " -»££.<•
So the*£Oldfcn jubilee ' crlebrafßh-'^of
last year, arranged by liiss Seherer, the
'present -principal,' will probably remain
in the minds of iuost ot the* alumni,
the" last picture" of a'one'trme" lmportant
scene of activity. . \u25a0 ' . .THE WELL-GROOMED WOMAN
7i7 i VIvJIT woman can be b*r own
f:t<.c ppcctiilist — if she will take
/ f tii'" ilmt>. This docs not mean
**""*-* that she muEt set aside certain
liuui's in each day to undo the
mischief of wrong living, but that she
live a rational life every hour of the
tlay. (Her reward will be the coveted
Ih#oh, v clear complexion.
Many a. infddk'.-aged woman has sac
rificed a good complexion to haste In
all tiling's. She does not take time to
breathe properly, to select her food
ecrciully, to masticate it perfectly, or
10 adjust her clothing 1 ' hygienically;
and then she demands that the masseur
or the dermatologist remove the traces
of her own folly.
# The foundation of a gt>od complexion
is a perfect circulation, and perfect cir
culation is the result of proper breath
sfe*e. perfect assimilation of food and
fiUonal exercise.
The woman with the colorlets face,
the sallow skin, the woman who ' has
pimples here and black heads there,
ur red blotches on her face and par
ticularly on her nose, should sweep cos
metics from her dressing table and go
below the surface of her skin for tbr
root of her muggy complexion. V
Nine chances out of ten. she has
-. never learned how to breathe. Some
women breathe through the mouth ex
clusively. Others never use the lower
. lobes of the lungs, nor employ the
muscles of the diaphragm. Their
bodies starve for oxygen, and the pores
c of their skin tell the tale of improper
' breathing. These women neea deep
breathing as follows:
•On arising and the last thing before
going to bed, while you are clad in
your night dress, stand with your back
against the window or door and fill
juur lungs, broathing through the
nostrils with the mouth closed, until
your lungs are able to hold no more.
Retain breath while you count four.
Expel it through the nose counting 1
seven. Practice this movement for ten
consecutive times.
•Next, s^tand upright and turn out the
<toes so that the heels touch. Place your
hands on the hi:**, the flngrrs on the
diaphragm— toe thumbs back In the soft
nart of the back on cither side of the
spinal column- Now, "draw in a deep
. breath and force the' air down, so that
feel the air pressed out through the
* expansion of the lower part of the lungs.
cllold the breath while counting four; cx
i pel while you count seven. Practice this
> movement six times.
Next stand upright, bead up, shoulders
thrown back, arms hanging by the side.
THE WOMAN WITH A MISSION
WUKN her parents namr-d her
Lucy Emersonla they thought
« hat' they had fixed her fate for
jrood and a!!. A girl with a
name H!'c that attached to her
would appear to be destined for the spec
tacled and azure-stockinged class from
ih<? start. Before rhe was five years old
she b*d Infected. her Intellect with all of
the cerebral outpourings of the Concord
School and had the underhold on Carlyle's
\u2666"Life of Ft-ederlck the Great." AV'hen
other childrtn of the same number of al
leged tender years that Lucy boasted
were being called in by their lovimj par
ents lo give an Imitation of a precocious
Infant playing chopsticks on the piano
for the punishment of daring guests,
Lucy was standing on a stool and reciting
Ho?ner In the original or reading and
commenting on. choice selections from the
nfe\ edition of the Encj'clopedia Brltan-;
nJca."
Lucy couldn't be bothered with fritter
ing her time away with dolls and . the
other foolish amusements of the ordinary
unintellectual child. Her principal recre
ation was the construction of a table of
Now gradually raise the arms -until they
arc high above the head. While you are
performing this movement, take In. a deep
breath through the nostrils until the
lungs can hold no more. Retain the
breath while counting four, then grad
ually, lower the arms, and at the same
time cxr>el the breath and count seven.
Repeat this six times.
Practice deep \u25a0 breathing constantly.
Take deep inspirations with the mouth
logarithms or the grubbing of Greek
roots. ,On her tenth birthday she delight-"
cd the hearts of her. fond parents by de
fining a human being as a large body. or
mind surrounded by a necessary but
otherwise unimportant j corporeal entity. -
The best of th« Joke was that she under
stood .what the -.words meant, having
swallowed and digesteU a large, copy, of
Webster's ITnabridged at least thrte years
before. ' -\t this time, she had 'absorbed ;
all of Emerson/ being an inhabitant; of
Boston. -most of Spencer, had a speaking
acgualntanoc with Browning,' and could'
make as good a guess as anyone at the
name of Shakespeare's oflloo boy. . •
• When Lucy .had batted all the High
School teachers out of. the box as. last
as" thty-fac^ her, her parents decided-,
that !t was time to >end her up against
some of the bie batteries in the Instltu-..
tions for higher^ learning. It wasn't, so
much that, Lucy was in need of any, ad r<
dttional. doses of knov.'l<»dse on.' the '",
Ehcll as.it -was hoped that she ; might be '
able ' to .introduce some "reforms "into* the "\u25a0\u25a0
manner of.; developing female intellectual
marksmanship. -. At least' that was ! her in- %
tention. : . As early: as ; that she . was fi rmly .'
convinced, that she. had a mission in life— ..
no less a ' mission ' than \u25a0to declare . to - the -
closed, retain the breath "a few seconds,
and exhale through the , nostrils. "
-, Next !n importance to deep • breast
breathing is keeping the . kidneys, the
stomach and the Intestines, , in fact , the
entire, digestive system. thoroughly
cleansed and pure. Two simple remedies
oniy "arc required for- this, plenty of
drinking water and one exercise,', known
as the liver saueezer. /
The average : woman drinks water only
world the innate and 'everlasting supe
riority of' woman "over, man* In 'all- matters
requiring the application of a high power,
self-adjusting intellect.; vTo- the 'end of're
moving l the misconceptions under which
the world labored she would devQte.her
self, to" th» demonstration /"of" the proposi
tion that all! men ares created- equal and
that . afterward ;t when" -the "-^powers - in
charge had : acquired some : experience and
expert knowledge'of; the creating business
they turned out womanias an "example^ of
what they could do when ' they really
tried.' '.' \u25a0••\u25a0' / -::,>\ ;•'.-\u25a0;% ' •*. 'J.;H;- \u25a0\u25a0 ' .-•; -\u25a0
\u25a0 Lucy's first move after, she • had 1 estab
lished : ; flrmlyjC within'fjthe isacred
precinct! of, Madcllffe was: to declareher
intention 'to strike off the; shackles ; that
had. bound the limbs of hersex from time
immemorial. This' appeared to* her to, be
a very simple operation— never haying- had
any ; . great; experience In ";the'ishackle
striking* llne-^and? shofw'as more or. less
surprised '/at the .that her
announcement created. . She. was .informed,
among other, things,' that ' the; greatest ' ob
stacle 'to! the ; freeing of, her "sufferingfsijf
tere was \u25a0 the f fact Hhat^ for> some ' absurd
reason'or other they, didn't seem<particu
larly ! anxious •to\ be v *set ' atj liberty. . ',This
was discouraging, -but Lucy, calmly stated
"THE^SAy^FRANCISGQ^ : SUNDAY" ; GALI^ :
Katherine
Morton
when she is thirsty.' . She shoula arink
it regularly as a; complexion clearer. -Di
rectly after 'bathing f or washing in i the
morning, . drink N a : large" cupful of boiling
hot water in which a teaspoonful of phos
phate of soda. has been: dissolved..
This, is the. only/ cathartic a '"normal
woman; should require.,; In the, middle of
the 1 morning and the afternoon, \u25a0\u25a0". drink
a golfetful . of cool, not* iced water, and
before retiring, have . your second cup of
that she would ; give to: tlie- world the.ex
ample of at 'least one .woman who" could v.
live a- peaceful,'. prosperous v and ;fairly;.'
comfortable life even if , all the'jneii were •;
suddenly :to*"disappear. from" the face of
the -earth. \u25a0*' ;. .-"'.";- v/::; -' • ;.
} That- was a perfectly safe offer ai thej
men seem to, be permanently settled ) here; • .
it; should* be t stated.' also ;ln; defense' of *
Lucy's \ yosition ; : that \u25a0 her -extreme "? lntel-".;
lee tual .development ; had 'prevented Z her \u25a0;,
f rom" being pestered. to' any, alarming t ex- >^
tent" by, -the ~~' vulgar, men.; Scientia'tsj have
probably..'noticed .-that ; moths i are \u25a0 seldom J;
attra9ted by, a blue i flame. ?If they haven't "
they ; ought" to [.-.look 'lnto* lit vat ;once,";;: as \u25a0-.
such a'simile" is , too valuable' to, be ;wasted r
on account of^any"jpaltry"corisideratlons;
of *_ fact. > Because *of Lucy's) peculiar • ex-7 ;
perience— or lack of experience— wlthjman."
In ; the - concrete I she : was /probably} lnV a ; v;:
better. inositJdh *to say what "a ; t manles3V
.world i would be like than; any, other, mem- ;
bfcr.Vpf her" interesting 'sex.;;;^"^. ;*l C ,*'
'--_; But' 1 if ; Lucy r VaiJ unaware Tof . the traits, . ' '
qualities ~": and fgeneral cussedness iof man f
ih!, the : concrete ; she! knew/ aIH that could *~i
be £ learned* "about"; him? In "5 the "^'abstract.*' ;
From herj study/of evolution- she. had Jdls-V
covered ] that \ man was tdescended; from a %
small - hunk of .'protoplasm , by .way of "a'" ;
. boiling water, with a dash of lemon juice,
if plain; water offends your palate. Do
noti drink" water' during the progress of
a meal, and avoid tea: in .connection with
• a heavy meal. Chocolate or cocoa Is bad
for -the:girl with the oily t skin, and the
coffee habit Is .' responsible "for more
; muddy complexions than any other one
\u25a0 factor.
These -hot v/.'iter baths for the'stom
*ach are. absolutely "essential. You do
not neglect "your 7 body externally.
"VVhy.'not answer . : the call, for 'an in
' ternal.;bath?. \ .-..'. '\u25a0
\u25a0\u25a0 " The "exercise known, as -the liver
" squeezer is. warranted to stir up the
most ; ; torpid -"liver 'and 'a torpid - liver
means a saHow ; fac£ Stand : erect,
\with ,the":; hands swung high over the
head, '.the; width,, of the chest apart.
. and palms forward. Bend, as . far as
possible torthe right, allowing the arms
monkey.and that most of ' his . character
istics r were~ derived' straight, from' his an
cestors.Y:Considering .the stato; andTchar
acterof her knowledge it is ;not surprising;
to learn that;she*had:.vowed;early;in!llfe
that she .would .never : willingly : bow .her;
head s to : the^matrlmonial ' ; yoke. j. It • might '
be'sald'in rejoinder ;that;n«S'one' had ever,
seen any. ' man ,] chasing * her t around the \u25a0
country .with , the aforesaid 'yoke ' trying i to .
get her; to stand still long enough'to have
it, flttedyj&n-her. but ; such a statement
would .'' be , ungallan'l and r gallantry 'is one.
of ;: the most ; cherished simian _ attributes
of '-. the ; average ' nian as .he 'is ; found ; in
the'! ' American \u25a0 Junsles. "Ijucy, belnc a.
woman,": nevyr ( ' noticed ; the lack . of strenu- :
bus- pursuers i and 'by. the 'same; token
would; have -been .most unlikely; to admit
it^f } she .had 'noticed:, lt. ;: : "V
v'Graduatiort ? day.;'<jame ?and . fourid r Lucy
still '• in pursuit ' of • the ; innate :- superiority,"
of \u25a0 woman.. Sometimes," it \u25a0"\u25a0'is;it|ue,' .she.
lagged "a little 5 in 'the chase and paused,
now- and -. then \ to ?. .wonder; if she' were not !
mistaken^- In.' thinking £thatj there" ' were ;
illustrations i for* hfer'argumentsilying; all •
around i the : pla<fer^" d ,Then * she V would • take •
a 1a 1 look vln \ the '« glass and fconclude .• that '
she i had r material "enough . close at " home
to T prove* her ; point.' \u25a0' She "certainly ~ : was ;
Ito swing in unison with the body. He
turn to the upright position and swing
quickly to the left. \u25a0 Repeat this exer
cise five t:m»s night and morning. Do
noj wear 'comets' when exercising and
fcincreasellfc* .depth of the swinK until
. ti»«s 'body. Is at.-r ight angles with the
legs.
If. :'o\:r, »Vln. is not sallow but Is
mottled "w'**i red blotches or pimples
Took first /.o •.•our clothing, then to your
diet.". Many .:>. red .nose comes from so
simple a !ca«<» as tijrht waistbands,
collars, prnrt*r«. . shoes and even
sleeves and fr»o»'es. . Sec that -your,
blood has free circulation wherever a
band Dro3ses.- . ; {./c
Watch the effect of certain foqds on
your skin. Shell fish, such as oysters,
lobsters, crabs, etc., poison .some sysv
tems; tomatoes, -strawberries and othar
fruits with small seeds have the sarao
effect on other systems. Pork, pas
tries and greasy foods of all sorts ag
gravate thickness and oiliness of the
skin". -..': ~ . ;.' .
Every woman .is . a law unto herself
in ratings and should not adopt a fad
in diet simply, because her neighbor
waxes fair and f.it upon it. For in
stance, the ;. society . woman has her
c»ip of cholocate and her roll in bed.
reads her mail"', before rising, lolls
around her rooms "and docs not eat a
genuine meal before noon. This regime
agrees with her. But * the working
woman" who must be at her counter or
desi; at S o'clock, the housewife, who
will be on her feet until noon or after,
needs nourishing food to strengthen
muscles and nerves. Let ~her have
fruit, a. '\u25a0"cereal,. eggs, toast or roll and
ono cup of whatever beverage agrees
best with her . digestion^ Ninety . per
cent of the women, who -fiint or suffer
from hysteria in the large stores,
whether shoppers or saleswomen, ad
mit that they started the. day on little
or no breakfast.
Having thoroughly overhauled the inter
nal organs which influence your com
plexion, turn to your dressing table.
Many a woman . who bathes : daily has a
dirty face, simply _ because she does not
know how to properly cleanse the pores
of her* skin, exposed to grime, dust and
wind. '\u25a0..".-...-
She should have at 'her command plen
ty of hot water, a pure soap, a skin cream
which agrees perfectly with her com
plexion and a simple face powder.
The high-priced, delicately scented
soaps ar.e not always pure. To test soap,
touch it with the tip of your tongue. If
it "bites" it contains too much free al
kali./ There are unscented soaps at 10
cents: a cake which are absolutely harm
less. ."Never use hard water. on your face,
and if you have no rain water, on hand
dissolve, washing:- soda the size of a paa
in each basin of water you employ.
A,.FABL£: FOR- THE FOOLISH
Nickolas Nemo
fight there if; there Is, any truth in the
old "adage regarding the inverslty of the
ratl6 of beauty and brains. It Is -a for
tunate dispensation of ; providence that
most; of the advocates of woman's rights
are of-the. variety:- that would never get
a seat in astreet car. without asking. for
itr' with the. odds against them even then.
; 'All \u25a0the'oth'c'ryoung' ladles were me
dieval in .their ideas; and tastes, hold
ing that .the solitaire: is mightier than
the encyclopedia, and v that one. man at
the altar- is. more to;be deslred-than a
dozen under the microscope.' ' Lucy was
deeply.'grlcved at her lack of success In
converting her classmates, but aimed to
get snuarei with; the community in gen
eral 'by demonstrating In • her - graduat
ing '-'essay/, that .woman \ had • -been - the
cause of raost'ofithe';proafress of civili
zation .bsvmaking man get out and hus
tle.to buy bonnets and- shoes for- her.
The. latter ; part iof this "thesis is not
Lucy's.^ but Is thro wn, in for the sak«i of
clearness.* •;;\u25a0•\u25a0-•. \u25a0 - - -^.'- ••
"- *- It .was '.comniqnly, supposed 'that when
Lucy was* free "from the^ restraints of
academic shades she .would make Rome,
or at leas t the male . portion of it, stand
upon jits- hind , legs ; and ' howl f or~ nelp. '
Most . people" expected \u25a0 her to nominate
" A reliable formula for cold cream that
can be made at home is this:
Rose water 4 ounces
Almond oil.: 4 ounces
Spermaceti 1 ounca
White wax.~ 1 ounce
Orange flower, lilac, violet or elder flow
er water can be substituted for the rose
water at pleasure, and the addition of
one- dram of tincture of benzoin or half
dram of salicylic acid will insure the
cream from becoming rant-id.
The woman with a tendency to super
fluous hairs on the face should never use
a cream containing lano'.ine. The •woman
with a dry. sensitive skin should avgid
anything containing glycerine.
A safe, effective face ;>owder c;m be
made cheaply by. using this formula:
Powdered oleute of zinc !i ounce
Powdered arrowroot 1 ounce
Oil of roses 3 drops
Sift through fine bolting silk.
If you suffer with blaeiheads. invest
fifty cents in a comedor.e. extractor, si
sier.der bit of steel with a cup at the
cnti.~ .Press this over the blackhead and
thf unsightly grime is removed without
leaving tho rim which follows the use oS
a vatch-key or hair yin. The comedone
should be sterilized by dipping it into
toilet water, whioh contains enough aico
hcl to leave the steel pure and clean.
To remove blackheads effectually: Have
ready a basin of very hot water. Dl-> Into
this soft cloths and apply them, dripping
v.'et and hot to the face. Directly they
cool, dip them back into the hot water
and repeat the application four cr five
time 3. Pat the face dry with an old
towel, and rub thorouzhly with cold
cream. Now use the comedone extractor,
then rub oET carefully and apply a healing
lotion as follows:
Boric acid 1 dram.
Distilled witchhazel 2 ounces.
Rose water — 2 ounces.
Apply with absorbent cotton to spota
where blackheads have been preyed!
out.
If there are no blackheads, wash the
face in tepid water, using a soft com
plcxtion brush and pure, bland soai>. Use
a face cloth for rinsins In clear % water.
Rub dry r with soft cloth. Allow* a few
minutes for the face to dry. then rub in
cold' cream, and allow. this to remain on
all night. In the morning wash the faco
thoroughly with warm water and soap.
For pimples:;
Lanoline • 5 grama*
Sweet almond oil 5 grams.
Sulphur precipitate & grams.
Oxide of zinc 2"-i gram 3.
Extract of violet ....: 10 drops.
. For red nose:
Glycerine *. 1 ounce.
Rosemary water >i ounce.
Carbolic acid ....2) drops.
Mix thoroughly and apply to the faca
with a soft linen cloth or a velvet sponge.
herself for President at the very least
and several ladles temporarily or per
manently out of matrimonial jobs made
early application for places in her Cab
inet. , While Lucy was sitting back and
selecting a good place to start in for
the reformation of the condition of her
erring sisters a rajbly -brave young;
man happened along and in a moment
of temporary ' aberration suggested to
her that" they make It a twosome. He
probably meant it for a Joke, but LucW
took it seriously and cinched the off err
thus making sure of always baring at
least one in her audience when . the*
spirit moved her to declare her love for
\u25a0her sex and her abomination of tha
masculine supplement of the human
race.'
'. . That will be, about all for Lucy Em
ersonla. - but before we separate, per
haps never to meet again, let us ponder
'a moment over the sublime truth that
It is extremely unwise for any person
to attempt'to raise himself by the boot
straps, especially when, the" person
wears button shoes and Is violently op
posed to doing any lifting when there
Is a~ man around who can be induced to
do it.
(Copyright, 1903, by Albert Brltt)Christmas
Chat
on
Children's
Clothes
Ucavcr < loth In Rich Color
ing* Shnpcx Many of the
Mcrr Children's Coats and
Imitation Fair or I'reUllj
Marked Fnr Plash Serve*
a* n ModUh Trintsninfi.
Empire Effects in Juvenile
Apparel — Beauty Red Re
place* Scarlet. Predictions
of Spring: Fashions in Suits
and Wash Frocks Which the
\Vl*e Mother Is Already
IManning: for Either Herself
or the Seamstress to Ilcjiia
Work on a* Soon as the
Holiday Season lias Passed.
KATHERINE ANDERSON
*y~ BOLT Christmas time, motners,
f I having: put the finishing touches
I "| to ihdr own winter wardrobes.
*\u25a0 I ~re sure to find some part of the
•* chilcjezis wardrobe that needs
learning up. Many women, in fact,
ivajt until this time before purchasing the
.t«i bttt torments for the little folks,
e«isunh:g that the coming ten weeks will
jluy tuiiK-icnt havoc with fine clothes.
Theu, too, there Is the mother who
lias her sewing done at home. She has
jegun already to plan for the children's
Wash jjocks for spring: wear. They will
be made shortly after the new year,
uud the midwinter fashions {jive her
mi inkling into the coming summer
For the mother who is choosing the
liress-up hat and coat for her little
girl under eight years of age, tnere is
v wide Held of charmingly picturesque
Ueadgcar and outer garments offered
In the Christmas shops. And it may
be added thai there is no excuse for
a child to be unbecomingly dressed
when the styles are so and-un
restricted as they are at present. Ev
ery youthful fashion, as well as most
A the sartorial effects employed for
grown ups find their way into the
wardrobe of the up-to-date little girl.
She Is especially favored in the new
Kmpire modes of her elders' costumes,
which give the youthful effect without
the clumsiness of the old-fashioned
Mother Hubbard. Party coats for
youngsters show this very fashionable
cut. Broadcloth and faced cloth in" the
most delicate shades are used princi
pally, though beaver cloth and cordu
roy shape a number of short-waisted
coats and imitation fur serves admir
ably in place of the more expensive
genuine pelt as effective trimmings.
An example of a broadcloth party
coat is in a peach pink shade of white
— a dead white being seen but iittle in
children's clothes. A yoke effect is
given by a wide band of broadcloth
stitched many times and fastened just
below the bust line to conceal the
gatherings which afford the fullness in
the skirt. Stitched folds of satin trim
the bottom of the skirt, the cuffs tf A
the revers, while baby Irish lace shi js
a etandup collar and a narrow cape «-
Another dress coat of pale blue clolh
hangs in wide kilt plaits around the
knees, this short length being met by
black corduroy leggins. Fur cloth
With chinchilla markings forms a roll
ing collar, wide turnback cuffs and the
covering for huge buttons that extend
in a single line down the center of the
front. The hat for wear with this is
a black velvet Tarn O'Shanter held
straight up over the face by a pale blue
pompon.
Most charming is a short jacket of
f!lk beaver cloth cut in Empire style,
a pointed empiecement front and back
effecting the yoke. Black velvet forms
n circular collarette that hangs in long
tabs at the front and black velvet fin
ishes the deep cuffs of the sleeves.
These satiny beaver cloth coats have
gained an unprecedented popularity
this soason and bid fair to continue
their vogue next year. The cloth can
l>e bought in all the rich colorings by
th© yard, and one little girl, whose
mother is deft with the needle, has a
cozy tight-fitting hood and a thickly
Interlined coa,t lit a bright green beaver
that* sets off her pink cheeks to per
fection.
Another warm coat which promises
to be a favorite next winter is a double
breasted semi-fitting garment of
heavy, rough serge, fastened by large
military . frogs built of Bilk hercules
braid. These are particularly suited to
children when the eerge is a brilliant
{> ed closely resembling American Beau
ty. Smartly dressed 1 youngsters are
wearing them this winter with huge
beaver hats in black, with a large
black bow as the only trimming. As a
final elegant touch the fashionable lit
tle maids have an ermine' muft'sus
pended by a black cord around their
neck. Very fetching sets of squirrel
end other of the less expensive pelts
can be purchased as low as $6, If a
mother. is, not fearful of fur accessories
ts a means of bringing colds.
As to the dress-up hat, large flat
thapes and poke bonnet effects -take
the lead for children under 8. Except
in ttn £fifil SX fefirt t£IUL tbSX Ibflft
very little change from former years
as to the mode of trimming:. The ele
gance and costliness of their embellish
ments, however. Is more marked , than
ever before, and plumes appear In even
more lavish profusion than they do, on
the millinery for grown-ups. Pompons,
quills, everything' are ' subservient to
ostrich tips and feathers on the Sun
day-go-to-meeting: hat for little ; : girls.
"For setting off a baby face no; hat is
Quite so picturesque as the poke shape,
f&s ttl ISPBiSaJtM «l the n«W' (eltf
permits them to be bent into criarming
little ; bonnets. - ;,The ' deep x hood \of % the
poke which Is /not always ; becoming to
a child is softened tothe face by knot
ted ribbons, itulle y and [i wee > flowers,
Jwrnll«J wrnI1 « l Ibl ?rty • ribbon' 1 a, employed ? with
unsparing '[ hand ) for ; Btrlhars • /and to
ffraoe the outside of Iths ybonneC : An
illustration iof < this *Is a • supple ; felt ; of
oyster^ white : ,bent^intb> a • flaring/ poke
shape and having- a coil^ of white ; silk-,
baok velvet / knotted 'lust ; o ver\t&e ' 1 eft
ljrow. Oyster whit c; tips {all car el e»sly
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
a HJttle v at -the left ;of , the poke and -.a
large choux of ribbon to, match nlls'out
the back of the crown 'on '.either 'side.
The ribbon, strings. are fastened, inside
the brim. Black plumes are also used
on all white hats for youngsters. ;in
direct contrast to these hats'another
hat. for. a child with golden hair and
full round face is of, mauve felt braided
in strands. , Ruche after ruche of satin
ribbon shaded in the . Ivory tints - com
pletely conceals; the ;Crown.
And now as to the spring slyles pre
saged by midwinter . modes. The most
exclusive shops are showing two-piece
suits in heavy* materials, including
some kind of suspender whiclr helps tp
support the skirt. - These suits are built
very generally in plaids or In that most
USEFUL TALKS TO GIRLS
The' Voice ai? Expression of
Ilenlth, Strength, Character
) and Personality' — Indintlnct
Enunciation Mars Many
Voices — -Some Girls Speak
Ijike . Soldiers on the War- /
path — Neither Hush. Shout
Nor Cackle When Talking.
(Copyright,- 1905, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
NE of the prettiest sights in the
y\ world Is that of ;the. young people.
I 1 on; their way. to school between
\_y 8 . and 9 in the morning. I like to
. see the^glrls, between 14 and 16 as
they go armlu arm, >each with- hi?r pile \
of books* ln. her hands, chatlrig, gayly or
talking conndentlally,' their', day _hefoi'e
them and not a cloud to dim 'thw sky.
,"What- a sweet- voice- that girl has,"
I heard "some one say as • Elizabeth ran
across the. street to meet, Emily, calling
out her, cheery- good morning.' It was in
deed a sweet C voice and '•-. had carrying
power,- clear as a \u25a0 hell or a ; blrd note, yet
it- was not loud. \u0084 Voices are as different'
as faces. We pay ;a' great deal of atten-:
tion In this country-, to training the sing
ing voice- and .we 'are ' willing t to pay
teachers -large' prices to . develop the fine
soprano or. the .rich contralto \ that every
one \u25a0 admires. *; But f ar .too^ little trouble
Is taken with : the speaking .voice, and ; It
is ,a \u25a0 pity, 'for we sing only occaslonallj-,
and most -of us talk -from morning till
night. ,''x ; ; ' -; : ; ::'
\u25a02 If you hear a group of girls talking on
the campus, or in ."a 'street car,, you. are
of teV. painedlby. .the ,; lack*; of melody . ln^
their Voices. Some. are hiarsh and rough,
others - ar# nasal : f some are muffled and"
croaking; a ; few are ; pure and silvery.
Shakespeare, .who "Was *an acu te : ob
server,; In I speaking . of one \u25a0 of his hero
ines; .eald: •; /'Her .voice was ever - soft,
gentle \ and .' low ; in j thing ;\u25a0 In
woman. I ; First ! aiidj iasjt^you find a good
many allusions f to voices' lii"? Shakespeare.
,There taiii»famllies'ln;'whlch each ; seeing
to • try*, whether! or riot he or .\u25a0 she can be
heard by" speaking so \u25a0 loudly ias .to drowii
the rest. This Is ; always; a mark of , very
IU-breedinr* No 'w«H-bred person jjcr^ams"
practical -material, a black and wnue
wool mixture. Somber, as- the latter
may. seem en first thought, it is admir
ably suited to rosy faces and when re
lieved by, bright velvet pipings or trim
mingß and .sheer' white waists a mother
can find nothing that quite takes its
place. ,
In a fine black and white checked
serge, a. smart little costume is made
with a kilted skirt laid in unusually
full plaits that terminate In a deep
hem at the, knees. The coat is a box
affair hanging to the bottom of the
skirt and faced on the collar and deep
turnback cuffs /with .scarlet , velvet.
Scarlet metal buttons fasten the coat
in double-breasted fashion. If predic
tions are to be trusted collars and
Margaret E. Sangster
or shouts In the family or anywhere else.
A low voice may be heard as effectively
as one that is loud and shrill, if its pos
sessor has learned the art of managing
it properly^ Even In a large building a
person who speaks slowly, giving. every
word its full value, and throwing the
voice from the chest instead of from the
head, will be heard ( distinctly. In order
to have a full, agreeable voice, a girl
should practice deep breathing , several
times a., day: In the open air. The voice
is the expression of health, strength,
character and personality.- The lips, the
teeth, the roof of the mouth, the palate,
the vocal chords and the lungs are all in
volved in this voice of ours, which is our
peculiar endowment, and lifts us up to
the .highest plane in creation.
I will suppose that some girl for whom
I am , writing has. contracted a slovenly
way of." talking, that her -voice is not
pleasant, and that her enunciation is in
distinct. How shall she break herself of
bad habits? -Just as she would break her
self of a bad habit in any other direction,
she must set herself to work about this
and be downright earnest if she Is to
accomplish anything worth >#hlle. She
must remind herself constantly, if she Is
accustomed to shriek, that people around
her are hot deaf, and that If they were
they would hear her as easily if she spoke
low.as'ifshe spoke loudly. Every time
she begins speaking as if she were a sol
dier on i trie !* warpath, let her call a halt,
and drop her voice a tone or two.' If she
has the heedless method of. omitting the
finai g and saying mornin' for morning,
and evenlh' for, evening, let her remedy
that.', If she runs her words together, as
.too many, of \u25a0 us do ; under . the impression
that there Is no. time to spare, and that'
words must: tumble over each other as
r water tumbles over rocks, let" her pause
ancL go mora slowly. .
Two i girls the other day were discussing:
a third who was a student in a" New Eng
land college, but :*?rs a native of India; '.
a high casto girl who had been taught
English in - her -•. babyhood. "You should
hear her perfect English," one said to
the other. "She speaks more slowly than
we do, and . her voice Is like ! music. ;; She
is never the least in: a hurry I and there
'-•I- '--- /..-I*.* ".'.V; "'\u25a0-'\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0''\u25a0'i~ ' » ' \u25a0 * *i - . • .\u25a0 — \u25a0 . \u25a0\u25a0 --\u25a0-;* i * .
cuffs of contrasting
color will appear on
the majority of chil
dren's garments for
spring-.
For wash materials
the one-piece suit is
too practical to be
laid aside, so in re
cent models it ap
pears quite as fre
quently as it ha 3
for the last twc
years. ' Its charac
acter, however, is
changed somewhat by applications or
buttons and Wash braids, while the
Princess plait down the center is elab-
Is the prettiest little accent like a fra
grance^' We often notice this crystalline
perfection in foreigners who have ac
quired English and speak it less reck
lessly and with more precision than we
who are to the manner born. Dear girls,
take your time. There is plenty of it.
Neither rush nor shout, nor cackle, nor
make a shrill clamor when you are talk
ing, but remember. Shakespeare's low and
gentle voice which Is an excellent thing:
in woman.
Of course, no girl who respects herself
ever fumes, frets or scolds. There is a
scolding voice and there Is a fretting
voice, and both are most repellant. Fancy
comlrig suddenly into the presence of a
gril whom you have always thought
lovely and attractive, .and finding her
storming and using Invectives and find
ing fault in a coarse, hateful way: that
would show you that her character had a
very seamy .'side., You could never have
the same opinion of such a girl again. It
would be as if under the fair outside you
had seen a glimpse of something dark
and repulsive within. Probably few girls
offend by passionate vehemence of this
kind, yet now and then one who has not
learned self-control may be betrayed by
her temper and her voice may reveal a
state of things that those who love her
must deplore.
Not only should you be careful about
your voice in private, but do not over
look the fact that In public places a girl's
voice' 1 should not be so raised as to make
her conspicuous. For instance, If you gu
to : a matinee or a concert, have in mind
the people about you who have bought
tickets and wish to listen to the perform
ers, and do not let your own conversation
go on at a time when attention should
be fcr.used on the stage. If you are In
cars or ferryboats make It a rule neither
to discuss your friends nor mention ab
sent, persons by name. This is a little
world, • and you never know but some
body may be near you who knows all
about yourself and the persons about
whom you are talking. A girl may live
in New .York, Philadelphia , or Louisville,
and she may be talking In San Francisco
or Calcutta or; Bombay, with a friend
about : another, friend . whose home U In
Columbus [or Tallahassee, ron\e uja-
orated in an sorts of ways, sneow
sleeves are simulated on the oae-pleee
suit with deep cuffs.
known passer cr person standing or sit
ting near may hear secrets not meant for •
outsiders and may know perfectly well
the people who are mentioned. As you
grow older you will more and more b«
amazed to discover what a little world
this Is, and how likely people are t» hay«
met other people all around the globe.
Refinement and Intelligence ar» shown *
by the voice as quickly as by the face.
Illiterate people sometimes have sweet
voices, especially In some countries, but
In ours with our harsh climate, keen
winds and frequent changes of weather.
we shall not have the velvet voices of
our* English cousins unless w» make it
our ambition to obtain them. Climate.- Q^i
course, has a marked effect upon th2T
voice. The dweller in me mountain and
the dweller by the sea speak in different
cadences, but you girls, wherever you
are, may have sweet voices if you want
them. You will not have them, it may
be. without an effort and without takin*
pains, but the effort Is worth taking.
Don't be affected. If you are taught to"
use the broad a in school and if you have
been accustomed to it at home, you are
fortunate, for It Is correct and pleasing,
but it la rather funny to hear a girl
attempt the broad a If she merely pin*
it on her speech like a bow on a dres*.
uses It sometimes and sometimes forgets
it. Above all things be natural. Affec
tation is a badge of Insincerity and show*
a, shallow character. Be yourself, but
make yourself In •Tujthlng as delight
ful as you can.
. . •
Young women employed In o*P*
wriling- have invented a novel and
most convenient form of ribbon box.
The reels on which the type writing
ribbons are wound. when empty,
are used In the same way for
dress ribbons, a purpose to •which they
are equally well adapted. A dozen or
more of these recte fit snugly into a bir
reau box. and each is dedicated Into a
certain width ani color of ribbon.
The reels can be painted white, pale
blue or pink, to match the lining of ithe
case, and thus rendered pretty as f 'phrll
as, 'useful.
•\u25a0 A ~ ribbon wound- carefully on a reci
gives twice the wear oC the one that I*
thrown carelessly tnto the bureau drawer
when rejnoved from hair or collar.rfae Very Elaborate Bagrgaee
Which One Maul Tnkr to the
Week-End Parties of the Sea
son and the Wonderful
Dresses That Will Be Dis
played at the Holiday Parties
— l.onsr ('out*. >hort O'oatu and
Beautiful Gowon of Exquisite
Broadcloth.
AUGUSTA PRESCOTT
NEW YORK. December 16. i
* * s—y END stationery to match my
• • house party." wrote the
v*J Countess La Joie to her sta-
The house parly wSp' a
pink one. the latest fad. for the Count
ess had adopted the idea of choosing a
t-olor for her guests. Not only was her
housfc to be trimmed with pink, but her
dinner gowns were all selected in this
shade and, as far as practicable, her
guest? were requested to bring dresses
in this hue. Everything from dome to
cellar was to be in pink. Even the in
vitations were written upon letter
paper of the most delicate shell pink
and throughout the mansion pink
abounded. The wardrobe of the hostess
was almost entirely in that shade. And
th[s for a fad!
The house party of the Duchess of
Roxburg-he is drawing a great number
of fashionable folk to the handsome
mansion which the American Duchess
lias refurnished and rehabilitated since
her marriage to the English peer.
So great I* the state installed here,
and such is the magnificence of the en
tertainment, that Invitations are eager
ly sought and, even In London, where
toe house party is at its best, the
Duchess and her splendid home enter
tainments are the talk of fashionable
society. There is nothing bizarre, but
all is cJfgaut.
"Make me a Louis XI gown," wrote a
woman, invited to one of these parties a
few weeks ago. "and make It as elegant
as possible, true to type .and perfect in
color and material: Let it be Louis X£
from neck to hem. And let it be a uin-
The modist* went to work uoon it.
gathering the materials and fashioning
them on the lines of Louis XI. Her color
was a cold tone and her material a bril
liant satin face cloth. She made tne dress
with a sweeping skirt, full all the way
around, and a little short coat belted in
at the waist. At the front it was secured
with a large gold button. The coat was
trimmed with gold lace and a auantity
of gold thread trimmed the. sleeves and
the ripple of the coat. The skirt had a
very deep flounce of gold lace and there
were festoons of the lace above the
flounce.
Another suest ordered a gown of the
JB3O period with Empire tendencies ir. that
the dres3 had a very short waist trimmed
with lace over the shoulders and belted
with a very wide girdle of silk. There
was a trimming of insertion set in the
skirt and some gold thread embroidered
the hem.
Very Elecant (;«ns» Itequlred.
Gowns for holiday house parties are
exceedingly elaborate. It was once the
rule that* little was needed and visitors
came bringing a dress suit case into
which was packed an evening gown.
This, with an extra shirt waist, consti
tuted enough for the visit. But those days
are no more.
A Visitor arrived at a week end party,
from Friday to Monday, bringing with
her two trunks, three hat boxes and a
dress suit case. In the trunks were two
dancing gowns, three dinner toilets, a
golf suit, two handsome automobile
coats, three negligees and a luncheon
gown. There were petticoats and several
changes of shoes and lingerie and .there
were also gloves and all the small trim
mings of the costume sufficient to make
a complete change of appearance each
hour during the three days' stay.
It is the rule at the week end party not
to repeat yourself and she who goes must
be prepared to wear a different costume
each meal and something elaborate in the
evening.
The pretty woman who can wear light
pink Is now in her very element, for,
among the new tones, are several in pale
pink which Is now haying a renaissance.
A Dink silk frock with pink ribbon trim
mings, and just enough lace to set it off.
is one of the very pretty things of the
season.
A woman who dresses remarkably well,
but who manages to do it upon very lit
tle, wore the other day at a dinner a very
simple dress of soft pink taffeta. The
/ \u25a0 "\u25a0 ...
House Party Towns
also Furs
dress was made on '. the new lines
which show the gathered skirt rather
• than the plaited one. "It was very full
and it showed a big flare around the
foot. T,ne finish was a- deep / hem. And
there was a little hand w embroidery in
the shape of some trailing sprays ot pink
flowers. . r . ,
The waist was cut on the .shirt waist
pattern, blousing a very little-in front and
just a little' ln the back. VTliere were
sleeves cut off at what is called -bridge
length and a 'little vine of \u25a0 pink; flowers
decorated the neck. Nothing simpler "or \
prettier could be ~ found. . The cost" was
very moderate, as the taffeta was of \ the
inexpensive variety and the embroidery
war'all done 'at home.
Hovr to Transform a Dress.
For a change the owner of this gown, .
the very next night at dinner, wore the :
very same dress with the neck ; filled in
with a lace yoke cut rounding in '.the.
throat and finished with a tiny white
ruching. The sleeves were made elbow .
length with I white lace and there jvere
ribbon trimmings arranged upon the skirt
in the form of; ribbon choux{ surrounded
by, wheels of lace. It changed the sown
slightly and was pretty.
THE; : S AN, :FRANGISCO ' SUNDAY % CALL;
! "When, you attend a weekend party,
you must take all your belongings with
• you and it > is very fashionable to bring
'your shirt' waists for luncheons. You.
can , wear a variety, one on each day,
and,' if. you please, you can Wear a shirt
. waist for, your outings. s The \u25a0; waists
. should be varied ' and here you must
. Vake care hot to- repeat yourself at all.
At the finest of country houses there is
a~ tiny electric iron in each room and here
the maid can press' out your belongings
for you or you can do It yo.urself, for the
, week-end is a very dressy, sort of beauty.;
show, and you must be'aliveor.you will
' not be able to hold your own in the mat
ter'of dress. .
The question of coats is one that agl-"
tatcs the woman of moderate means, for.
*\u25a0 unless ' you/have a number of coats, you
are:. not- in it-from' fashion's standpoint.
You must have from three to six and they
must be built on widely different lines. "'
In the long coats the seven-eighths coat
is the thing, the three-quarter coat being
•much 1 too "'short. .'.The seven-eighths coat
comes almost to the feet and is fitted and
belted and made to set well to the figure.
.One of the handsomest of these seven-
eighths- coats was built* of tan colored
cloth 1 with strips of .heavy tan colored
torchon lace set in the coat from the neck
right down ' to the bottom of the skirt.
The coat which was for* nice wear was'
fastened around tb.e waist With 'a cloth
girdle overlaid with lace. The garment
was quite unique and very becoming.
"What Yon Will Need In Coat*. ,
"/At all the house parties. and the week
ends one must have a fur-lined coat. And
this is not so difficult, for coats come lined
with/cheap gray fur and with gray and
white fur and with the common varieties
or black fur.. A wide mink or Persian
lamb collar or one.of squirrel or of-ermine
completes the appearance.
If~you areT- thinking of getting a fur
lined coat be sure to get one with sleeves.
. Big sleqves, quite baggy,' and coming into
a cuff at the hand are the distinctive fea
ture of many of the fur-lined coats. The
coat ;ltse!f fits quite snugly or as snugly
.as r circumstances -will permit, and its
length is a u seven-eighths or very nearly'
to the floor. Thus one has a beautiful and
a comfortable garment..
The very long coat is deep blue. Dark
red or brown is worn a great deal also
and so is deep dahlia. There Is a hand
some' coat made of smooth goods that
fairly ; glistens. . If one likes" the mixed
goods one can. get a . Scottish material,
slightly rough, and made on long lines.
The sleeves are big and'the whole ts ex
quisitely tailored. There is a velvet col
lar "and there are smart flare cuffs.
.It is. said that none but a- professional
tailor can make the long coats of the year
and that the woman who is trustinsr to a
modiste' will be disappointed. Certain it
\u25a0Is Jhat the seams are cleverly strapped
~and f that the stitchery is perfect, and that
everything throughout is as nearly man
nish as the. feminine garments of the :
season can well be.
,- It~is by.no means, a mannish season.
Yet one sees traces of- the very severe
tailor-made garments which were once so
much .worn. The new coats are long and
tailored and the seams are stitched and
strapped. - There is a certain severity
which marks the street suits of the win
ter.
For the house — all is flufflne?? and
beauty and the wardrobe of the up-to-
date woman is divided into two distinct
parts, the fluffy gowns arid the severe.
Very Mannlnh for the Street.
It wajs a very modish woman who di
rected her 1 maid to divide and subdivide
her gowns i "Into one clothespress put my
tailor-made dresses," said she, "my se
vere broadcloth suit, with Us seven
eighth coat and its short full skirt. Into
the same clothespress let my street Eton
be Dlaced. the one of merino, interlined
and stitched and trimmed with braid. My
Scottish belted suit and my cheviots and
serges are air classed together in thi3
wardrobe. And here let my flannel shirt
waists, my heavy dark silk separate bo
dices apd all my cashmeres and merinos
be hunsr. Put no scent in this clothes
press. My fluffy dresses, the challies, the
crapes, the voiles and the light thin stuffs
go into another clothespress which must
hang heavy with scent. And In thl3 way
my wardrobe is divided."
The maid.did^as she was bidden, divid
ing the gowns as one would separate the
sheep from the goats and securing for
each an . appropriate place.
The reason why one puts . cheviot 3.
broadcloths, ladles* ..cloths, zibelines,
serges, mixed good 3 and heavy woolens
and camel's hair goods together is that
these materials are tailor-made this sea
son. They are stitched and strapped and
trimmed with velvet which is applied
along the most severe lines. And there
is nothing about them to suggest the Re
naissance or the revival styles.
The thinner materials, on the other
hand, are delicate In the extreme. One
lovely gown, made for Mrs: John Jacob
Astor, now ' the queen of society by
popular vote, was in organdie of the
blue-white crisp sort which was once
used only for the gown of a young girl.
This is tucked and pin tucked and It is
trimmed with lace insertion and with
hands of band embroidered lace. It is
made dancing: length and the waist is
trimmed across the front with bands
running' from side seam to side seam.
. Now a few of the prettiest evening
dresses arc made of freak materials, if
one may so designate them, i There la
a chiffon taffeta which reminds one of
silk mull. It is made over "a lining of
silk muslin. or over a taffeta lining, and
it is made all ruffles and lace.
A Hint on Evening: Dressea.
For evening It is very fashionable to
line and interline a gown. Your lace
dress must have its chiffon lining, and
then comes the lining of glossy taffeta
or of thin satin. And, finally, if you
want to be very smart, you have an
other lining of taffeta. All the ma
terials are very thin, and so well fitted
that they do not make the figure bulge.
Fine fitting i 3 a very distinctive
feature of the dresses of the hour.
They are made to set so snugly to the
waist that one looks as though one
were molded into them. And they are
fitted throughout, nothing being left to
chance. h V -"
It is a pity that the tight waist is
back, yet woman looks very chic in it.
A dancing gown of gold colored crepe
de chine, tight to the waist, belted
with gold colored embroidery, done in
white and silver and finished with a
band of .the same embroidery around
the square neck, was the prettiest thing
at; a holiday ball. The waist was
drawn into a wasplike size, and the
bust and hips were full, giving the
figure the typical hour-glass appear
ance. But what can one say, and how
may one; object, when. Dame Fashion
says it 'is the thing to do this!
The foreign fashion papers are writ
ing ;up Mrs.\ John Jacob Astor as the
most'- fashionable Woman of Dame
Fashion's world. When she leli Paris
a. few weeks ago her gowns, were
photographed and snapshots were taken
of. her; as she, stepped out of her car
riage and as she walked on the streets.
Women Who Live in Ruts
DO you live in a rut? Women are
very apt to do so, although the
majority of them are loth to
admit it. Narrow-mindednes3,
which is so often a result of a life
. spent within contracted limits, is com
mon to women, they say, t"Ut the ac
. cused will answer, "Why, my life is
not narrow! I have my house, my
profession, or my social circle. Do
you call that living in a rut?" 1
Any or all of these interests may,
however, result- In stagnation, men
tally and physically, and what is
worse, conversationally. Either a
* woman or a man is at liberty to devote
, all of his or her interest to a certain
object. But what about the friends of
that person? One may have a sym
pathetic interest In a friend's occupa
. tlon. or in her children, or in her bridge
playing, but. one occasionally becomes
a little wearied of a repetition, a con
stant recurrence to that pet subject of
the innocent but short-sighted womaji
who harps eternally upon one subject.
• Bhe devotes her mind and energies to
that: subject, to the exclusion of all
others.' She dreams of it, she. ponders
over it, * and only too . readily she re-
Pen and ink sketches, many of them
fanciful, were made of her In her
boudoir. Such a charming woman wa3
never seen before according to their
dictum.
Mrs. Astor is wearing now on various
occasions three handsome long coats
any one of which is worthy a page in
the fashion chronicler's report. The
first i 3 a deep red cloth coat, cut tight
fitting In the back, tight fitting on the
hips, and rather straight In front. It
is buttoned with dark horn buttons and
the seams are stitched and strapped.
It is tailored throughout and is worn
with a dark red skirt to match. The
whole is of broadcloth, a lovely concep
tion In woman's dress.
A Clonk That Dcoome* Yon.
The second clcak is made Empire fash
ion. Its material is cream colored satin
faced cloth and it is cut with a short
waist belted with silk which is carried
around the waist in many fold 3. At the
side there Is a big silver buckle. . There 13
" a turnover silk collar and the entire cloak
is silk lined.
The third cloak is a fur-lined affair built
of dark brown cloth. The lining is chin
chilla and there ts a big square chinchilla
collar. The coat Is fitted front and back,
the sleeves are full at the shoulder and
tapering toward the wrist, and the bottom
is finished so. that a rim of the fur is vial
.ble. It is a lovely cloak and one which is
admired everywhere.
With three cloaks of this kind one can
do without the fur jacket and one can dis
pense with the other 'coats now so much
worn, the loose backed affairs and the cir
cular cape coats. Indeed a fur-lined three
quarter coat is the coat of the season and
with this one can get through the year
very nicely.
Speaking of outfits for the winter a
French fashion writer has this to say:
"The time has passed by," remarks this
authority, "when women select their
wardrobes in a haphazard manner. Wo
men now prepare as carefully for the
winter as for the summer and they make
their dress plans a long way in advance.
We ouy winter trousseaus for wemen who
are going to stay home, domestic women,
and women of small means. They want
to be well dressed and they are wlllins
to bestow a little time and study upon
their wardrobes.
"This winter we are selecting gowns in
rough goods with an almost invisible
plaid. There is a rough surface and a
tiny line of color runs through the goods.
Some of these gowns and coats are very
attractive and In almost every case we
make a coat, a skirt and a short coat.
Juat a Word About House Dresses.
The princess peignoir is a pretty thing.
Snug-fitting In the front, it slopes away
into long- graceful lines in the back. It Is
comfortable yet beautiful, and its bright
particular virtue is that it will answer as
a pretty house dress as well as for negli
gee purposes. You can make these gowns
with long graceful lines, that add much
to a woman's height.
The most delicate tones are used for the
negligees. One sees mole-colored taffetas
trimmed with a deeper shade of ribbon
and decorated with lace. And one sees
the new shades of carnation pink, which
are truly beautiful in their sheen. But tha
loveliest effects of all are produced with
velvet, which makes up into the most
gorgeous of tea gowns.
Velvet as a material for a tea gown
seems extravagant. Yet one can do a
great deal with the aid of a seamstress.
A pale pink velret tea gown, cut in prin
cess shape, trailing, yet not very long,
and trimmed with lace, was the distinc
tive feature' of a very handsoma ward
robe. This gown, which would wear for-
ever, for there Is no wear out as far a.s
velvet is. concerned, was trimmed with
lace laid over pink taffeta, which was
cut in scallops and appliqued around the
fcot of the skirt and down the front.
The coat and skirt idea is one that
grows upon you. Take a skirt of lace,
with strips of ribbon insertion, and wear
with it a little lace coat with ribbon in
serted, and you have something pretty.
Underneath you can wear a handsome
lace corset cover or can wear a thin sum
mer shirt waist, which serves as an un
derwalst.
The little house coats are too pretty to
be ignored. Make them up along the pa
jama lines, using- an old pajama coat as
a pattern, or make them up as short ki
mono jackets with wide sleeves. Let the
material be one of several materials, for
you can take a choice of fine French
flannel or taffeta, of cheap satin, of piece
lace, of voile or of veiling. Ii you prefer
you can go into the challis and the other
cheap cotton goods. No matter what
your material, let the lines be straight
and good. And let the shape be a. true
kimona or a true pajama shape, for the
simpler the cut the better.
verts to it so constantly that her
friends at last wi3h themselves miles
away.
The society devotee is quite as apt to
overdo the matter as her more domes
tic sister, and the woman with a pro
fession talks "shop' entirely too much
as a rule.
But she should not allow herself to
dwell entirely upon one phase of life.
There is plenty of Interest In other
people's affairs, there are gay and ab
sorbing pictures in the vista of dally
life, and every woman shoulrt watch
herself lest she fall into a rut
of one sort or another. It Is surpris
ing- to- find how readily the habit 13
formed — more readily, of course, by
women than by men. as the latter are
thrown more into the world's happen
ings.
A woman ' should ever beware of
making herself the central subject of
her talk— her home, her profession, her
health, how naturally she comes to t-on
sider them. And it: is quite natural
that she should. But before she bur
dens her friends too much with her
histcry le.t her stop and v.-ondi-r wheth
er she would like to listen to her friend
Mrs. H. and h»»r personal troubles or
her sewing: society problems fur hours
at a streta*BLOUSE DESIGN FOR EITHER EYELET OR SOLID EMBROIDERY
INTO that famous Christmas drawer,
already crammed with delightfc!
secrets for fortunate somebodies,
there's aimost sure to be tucked or.c
blouse pattern, embroidered by hand,
for the gift to the best girl. For, though
lingerie blouses have had things all
their owr way for so many seasons.
it is oniy this year that embroidering
them for gifts has proved a positive
fad. Tt's really no more work than a
centrepiece, or a set of doilioe. and
certair.lv a much more personal gifi."
Eyelet embtoidery is probably the
rrtoßi popular form this year, although
soMd embroidery is a close second, the
combination proving perhaps most sat
isfactory of all.
The design printed is the exact si^e
for half the front. To transfer the
pattern, make a tracing, reversing it
for the other side, and applying it to
the linen by means of impression pa
j>er. Between the two sidrs there
rhould be a space of perhaps an ir.eh.
The collar piece is a motif by itself.
which may be applied, also, to cuffs,
or. in the" newer way, to the tops of
the sleeves.
The Fashionable 'YQung Girii and Be^ -(Zhapsrpn !
Eleanor B. Clapp
Cep;r:sht. !&.•;. by A. P. Barn»s & Co.
IN fashionable society a young o ; -'
is never allowed to po ojt alone
with a young man. \\ hc:i she got.*
10 the theatre, her moiher or some
Kiairied or elderly lady must :ilso
>;y. or th* proprieties will be outraged.
So*', thoii^h perfecxly corr*ii ;\u25a0»! the
society for whicsi it was framed, this
rule, "if applicable everywhere, would
almost prohibit the average telr, of ir.od
trate m<-ans from going t<; the iheaftr.^
Rt all in the evening. Tor very few
yujag men of h?r acquaintance' <'.'-.iiii
afford to buy an extra ticket for a chap
eron every time they wish to tsSce one
•»f th«~ir cirl Friends 10 iut- :ii-a.:c. .?n
just hero come? in one of jlin-"-' u«?fDl
compromises between laxity anO license,
it i.* the custom of many !"..\u25a0. oil pto.jif
to pliow their daughters to gr> to the
theatre unaccompauitd by a chaperon.
provided that they know all a tout the
young nuin who !>.a« civrn the rnvit;.>
tioTi, bJt the young couple must not so :o
»\u25a0 upper or t>» take an ice - . a lestaurant
aft«r tho peiToriTiaiic" u'^'es? a -nayefwii
i« along or Tinless they &:•\u25a0» rr-e:ube:s of n
wt-11-chapcrored theatre party.
Theatre Parties and Picnics.
Theatre parties, picnics or a:iy rx-.-;;r
*=Ion of a number of fbvtvs pfOplcfehouhJ
Invariably be accotnpsiiu.-i'by a ehaper
0:1. "For." to quote a well-known book
of etiquette, "there. is no doubt tlisil the
presence of a chaperon greatly improves
the manners of young people. Th«ne ar"*
pirls who are inherently well br< d. b-;l
who, having- the -natural. Instinctive ac-
Fire to pleast?. tometimc-s fe::r lo be
«-onsidered yirim. proper and 'goocly
p->ody' if they do not join in il.v pianii«
and imitato the maiinors of those wln>
b^fin to be overmuch at hemr in >ou..g
men"? socisty. To such the \u25a0 presence of
n chaperon :s ne\er an unwelcome re
etraint."
Women's Ways of Making Mqn2y--News Writing
Cynthia Westover Alden
Copyright. ISCi. by A. S. b=.ti-s & <.;>.
MRS. ISABEL WORitELL IiALJ-,
one woman writer who iiua Mecb
admitted to the pre&i gal.e.'ts d|
li.c Ciir.gress ol the Utiiteil
Slnies. says: . .
"A newspaper woman must i>r bH-fjed
vi'h good common seii.?e: not uncommon
f=en,te, for then she ivill v.aai to to on
Ibe managing editor's degk U;e liist
tin: g. She must have yov.t'Si o: obstr
va'.ion. command cf £it*od newspriper
JlngtJsh— not dictn n.iry -rJnsEish. if >«^
pka.se — and be abe to sit oor.'n in th«
micdle of a cyclone Ui uott litr iiii|»rts
*ions of the came.
"She must have sound iieaiMi, a g*>o<l
ifMnper. Hiiffcse, 2'iii. above all ih'...&s,
tnust learn to forget that ihe is a wom
an, when she has 10 work ifmor.g men
at men's work. 1 do r.oi m«--an that she
must be unwomanly. .Notii.ng wou:o do
more harm than mat. LJui if a man
wants to smoke in hiejr yrcscjice nfcfti
?!ie is at work, or keep n!s Int en. or
take hie coat off. or pui hi 6 itart on
the desk, or do any of \nv thing* w-li'ch
she would order him out Cf her p«:lor
lor dsir.g. the must remember that r U
al! goes isit!-. the place the is In, When
sh.? meeis that man at a reception. They
both can put on their cast-iron society
manners with ttwdr "venlns dress. Shy
must not ape mannish actions, or she
will make herself thoroughly disliked.
> "Men like womanly wumen. bui Siili
tliey don't want any "clicgir-g vi:u' busi
n'tss about a r.e».spnper 6pJc«."2 If a
woman will oniy b? natural— unless na
ture ha» made her very disagreeable—
nnd use common sense, she wiil- get
p.long all right: but if she does other
wise, she will complain all the time, as
<:^'- ; :- \u25a0- :;=•%',\u25a0..; .*":'..;\u25a0.\u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0 ".j'-.""^ - ~:.:.'s \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 : -- .';•';• '•' ' '•;." v\u25a0'•' ; - .
When Contagious' D sS^^?^tacfc ;-the; Bab>y
Emelyn L. Coolidge
Ccpjri«ht. 1505. by A. S. liimtj *.- Co.
v F ALL the contagious diseases.
1 measles is perhaps the rnosi hkt
<. ly to be contracted if tht baby is
.used. After th«_- ejeixjkure ge::<rrallj
• or fourteen uays vlapso btiore the
*ywpi»ui£ appear.
I h~ flr*t thing n-.ni>.ed iisuaJly-4»y tiie
luijtlie:- ii mat m»: child se-cm» tv have
H uau cold; Be siH.-i.uj a.v cujjiu, n.s
i.-vs * t,t vt .eii be uiiiit- miiwi.iivu mi-j
a v. a.itty uisciiarge wiii cu.ii<' ttHtit Uv>tj»
1 t« *i>d noov; there- i.~ usuaW .- n\s 1
ei'iur lever arl<J•t^l'lluLnra^.
II is at this- stittoe of the disease IU.'U
titu«-r irjlJuim ait HluM «t,»i iv .«-uiiu\i(.i
ii-.ii .^c«, wiiv uu> in c\t.;-/ te.i \.lti
l.i«< !.i< uM;at:« 1. cxpuFeJ :j; Ulit- lit;;i_-
If" a ac-ctor" i» ut»w cajitJ io. tc w»:il
oitfii lie «jLil«i lo btt lii.ie -,-w.o ,ri the
tiiujil:. utudi appear Lft-ioif wi<- ra>h on
11:1- Omly can cc seen. » m «,«).» ;•..;«
Cu'uUiut Hit- tiiagitt'.-'.c an.. ...e .^.it;! oJ
•vitUera.... *iy. Iti'- fuur.ll «i«)> U.v rash
!i >i-ni. l.««5l uli'il.c fitci , V. fi «_VI i,Vi'jra
hjkc owoi.ert; t.i-<-.i tn>- nvX; -^/rOnt
\wiutf lifi&jpuiiy ijiitai'* Lo .1.1 ;;t:,a o:
li,< *,J0... lUia'li.bit I%> li'^in .-<*u unu
ill l/i<"Ui!f .-.ieax iiiK i.;t!.- d
aitas wf whi.t kkiti lj-«\»«-tn the i>aUn«*;
It 1.-, si filtie la.X* J oboiv •'.••\u25a0 j>uh,.lv Ot
>u»- .n.m. j.::«. - <i.«iian>' Yvmjii.t.' a; Itt
'*•"«: -it Jibont ihi>-»- 'i:i>s; thvn -if b->gi»s
tc »aa?. K.HVing rirft the face, wheie v
fc< «:i:i. and the.i the rci.l of lhe body, so
!:,«.• who!*? design -may nc riontf'in .eye
l*&| embroidery. • altnough • the. -•prettier
way is to apply eyelot-suich oniv to the
Hovers and <!ute, a;id to embroider thr;
leave? soj!d, redding th<rrn wcit -firs:.
'» here's . a French variation ; of . the
usual solid: embroidery which wpuld be
pretty to' Of>v upon thY flowers if the
work" is to b« all fet?fHr ar.d thaV is. era
broidertng over \u25a0\u25a0 a.thread-fro. thread- from 1 tli 9 out
sideo; o«cli petuMn to. tlic* midaie .a«d
carrying th«- atiiclv »-JI around, [leaving
a littj'? line down the centre which does,
duty fftt phadirif; or for stamens. . \u25a0
ThY steir.'s . may be simply outlined,
but "the prettier way 1s 4 to embroider
th*m over a thread. • i; \u25a0 >''•
Ff the gift fc= for .your very best girl
(or if your. grift, is to be a companion
piece to a blpuse another .sir! is r.iying
l»*f». lr.Tfce a tirv . ;oh: by . hand to
Bef-ln when Hip hjo!;se is- tnadt-". tip: It
may be mad* -directly. iro;>n the fror.t.
or is s separate plec*. : Oar of a couple
of rows of -draw p. work wh'eh follow the
outline r.f ti)e;--i.-oi.«- : mfikfts" a -.ptenty
square. "otTerr. fn.l t\& snpje i^ea- can lie
parried out upon the coils'*' rwhicii" tmisi
be 'joined by a* sesm.'. of cpurseV. rria.k-
The Proper Procedure -iit^Public;. Functfons -
Iv. mo'*t American tor.*ns a:id.c|.tie» it
is conskierrd i;erroc-ily proprer loailof.' ;i
vo'in^ rt*tin to €«.-ort a joims lsti.y tn'u
(l*ace mv.h.iperoned. pro\Hle<J. «t course,
liiut the • iif^a"'.r:be- Rjveh- at «.' private'
house, where. the hosirss- plays Ibe' part
of prote.-xcr. or if it Le J,a'oii ; at .a-hall
or cub hous* y.heiV.tl:e.-.-j are eevieral
marrie-3 Indie? '. whQ. hcipi receive ,-Tiie
tjuei-ls- stiu ' act pa'iror.cT3c^-o'.' fh'e
ucc-aiicn. •'•'•\u25a0 - \u25a0 <; '\u25a0 -^ \u25a0•-\u25a0\u25a0-'\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0''• *'
PubJic Balls. ;; j . ;
At \ •;\u25a0!.\u25a0. large public. baP;?! suC-h. is. are
suinc-tiriTs'given.fh.o;ir great cities, it is
rct<-o:.s:dered in'^ooo' jasio' to^ allow, a
voutjs f?is"l to goVV'tif i'l'ina.le csoui-t un
less ai.-coiapsnied-fcy a chaprion. * But a
part;, ot > ouns -uvefj • . ni;ilU.-;ps van
wUh ptrieat i>roijr/£fj -go \u- atir-ii aii
afi'air if.iii.vornpatj'cci.. b\ :in elderly ur
tnfirritKl ia«.\ ._ AL ihe.s*. 1 -.big b-.Ois' Uin
etiiiue^ie foi" tV.-? y&tpjt s'.vl ?.<"» reli:r-n to
hrr chaperon si Ui--- «; id »f da'.Vce,
tiiojsh at smaller nff.uis it. i^ r.ot coti
tldered ai ai 1 - ii<?cessai"i' to do", this; th«
girl ijmj l;.':ie:ui"siiit 'jroni t'me 1o time
ilirorgho-Jl, tl»- cxt'i.ijis a;id- having -a
pleas tnt word lip'nwii vith ihe iaciy. who
ivai" k.nd on.oLgii iO ;t;.kv. h<r. *\u25a0*\u25a0 cliarye;
.\y >i»4.;ii?. oil 1 1 *il«j-j!u. i.nvf ';i(Oti'* uftej'
nightfall 7,-ith' tt yojns 'ii'an! ...K.A-.if,
\u25a0bug-.-.- t'.Qre." urt-;i cjc:e;ul;n:; t.v.- M.io
the n!£ht; Mueh;iis r ni-e in-.iulfcd in-oc
css?o;:p(1v • l;i bot/ylry places* are \u25a0 not;
suilaok'" iiniui?<n3erris fi/.* ;i . youtis ' P'.vl.
atnl T/ouiC-if" sh '. 11% ed in. a Riyrt rn
liyhteaud fo".nmi:r.;ty. put -her -outside
Vhc j.-ile of c«od: society; There i* uo
1 arr-i iji ''ntr ."iaklnc' a short <;rAc with
a you.it 'i.rr.i v^lt'i T.-hoin hi r •.•-"iits
are w«M! acr;u:i':! I .i:d. btjf- '. usi. 1..10
it in inr-. flaytime: !f- /.»:>! man's weu
iiaHon k'reos'l.lm clda y.< onlln«d in the
da .Might- hours; UV" I -"-~i- r 'iJt : the w«ek.
;h<Ti- is «"ivii.YK Su,-> r.v a.rvi.oon: s.i I
what ' jtioi'V- .. atirai; jvc w.."i i:j;;oce.it
iecVration iha I.}"1 .}" U ,'t.".1;0 v t'eliahlfisi
drH e ihroCjjlf Ivj'l J '•' oo^ntiy lxkiUa ou
the dwy o' res: r .: '.
Th«*iV i? an-i«!i'-'" "hiny thai- a-tlinr
oushly nice,' >r<*l.-ur> i_iit-up. you;i? 4^!'!
E<pefts Tell of the Requirements for Success
- \u25a0 *"~ w
t-u nnuiy wouid.-bV newspaper vfotaiju d<».
thu^ ilie fte-v.spapu- -mtjj' treat ihttfi
I.auly. 'I'ltere .nevev'T.as a\u25a0. newspaper
man m«:an..;p nre. Jn ail my experience.'"
I.irs. icui \u25a0 .-«-'«'. i>ue. of- ilse
best .r.cwßpi.ut'r;'v.-oni«.n'. r.cwBpi.ut'r;' v.-oni«.n' in- <U» in.te»J
diatos. gjvr-n her vtr-v. ; s}i?>--i l o»i«W3:'. ; j \u25a0\u25a0
"Thf* lunger one; i.v. c::g«{;^4"i:i .Ti^vw:->
viap'ii *-or '<*\u25a0«& ••y;c"i.e i '«i --•./. the; rocog
nirea Hi*- trtiih" Of-.t'.ie" assertion, '- :YtW"
id no tiQtr.i:i;*.. no 'ai-uuipition. npr form
of knowifc-'P*" or exp.^rieiß-e' vhlcli-:s not
i-.neful io the- beg*iin«r -in. ;• journalism,
nnd to' the life,'ohg ' nptc»itH/f:er. '--'.'{Jhe
never .'knows ir- ail,' _«>:t opt \:iwn ahe
besins in Tier "pro/e^sjun/ W. howeyer;
we tray ivtrtk-iiti.riZ'? 'a.'- . .to 'a levy of
tiie leading I*iciJXJir^mi-iit1 * iciJXJir^mi-iits 1 . -tr.'i- sjr.e qija
non. we" will s>.y (hat .'before lhe-piac
tltaJ oxpeYioueer-begins/ 1 here -must He
the fourfj^viun' tLf-aJfclr education, : an
lu^rrsianding.o;'- speU.ijg. punctuation,
syntax, ih<?{ to'nrt; "acticn'. bi' t;c ntciices:
If. io- ti:. f i;ils*.:Jddotj -'\u25a0 a'- more .extended
l;r.o\.lef!sf* i.f rheiotic. r) I *?*"* und strbng
rr Er.giwh vin.be> he :.»^|ti . • ,:•
\u25a0'\u0084 Lcajiing'-^equireme^ts.
"The rule. - adopted '.in . - m-.iny' of «>'J
large o'toc-cs. »v' atcept no. cupy \u25a0which
i? not, 14 1 typewriting, msjtes a ktipwl
pds,r uf. llils.uri <J li-cespity; v. hilci Fhe
\vi:o acids i.har o? 3irnosr»iphy is doubly
ea^ippc;!. and wlil tind both 6f>the greut
ps. -.Mnv&ntane. \u25a0': ' : : . ,. '\u25a0 . •; .^ .
"Sorae time ngo. j : rcoilved «. l.'tte^.
i:nx«''ts:in*-'«"ci!;-'*"<:«2' Ladly *r.clt. fiorn
m yours womkji. d?f!rins dv interview:
When- s*h»> 'tainjf- sbr- ft"tod .ihai the' hit d
iefL-'M-hool. a:id ../refilled" t« -take
•jcupiali'm.:'-. t. Li-id expln u-il to
lifr ihat : sh>- -co\i'q . *-*>l : li«»^.-e to. do so un
'.rrs sh« ncnulred n ixjttcr'cOtfcatioii.-sT:).
said •Well.'. fee r lry}ng"ti> tte'eide
whether .to Ec a writer or'got marred,
and ihis sanies it,' So si'C,»olectcdrrtar-
\ Talk About Measles^ind'Jheir- 'Treatment
that after three. cays
be seen. . ' ' '.. ':'. : '..* - ;.'/:',' v :' ,\u25a0'."'".'
Just before '"'and' vrh^e' thd.'r^ah" i&'.pul
« he fever is oft^n f <4flile''higlil •• snpi ihe
ClUit] «eeis ver.» aicKiyiJ. "v.« ;'i'i.;»Ui!J.iVii
it\cr yn»vks \u25a0 itiii. ;« .ij v ta«\ b<i{ro, : iß, mwi «
cuimoiiaoic. .»«;'; . « ; uV \u25a0*k.^'rt>i^ ) va^ii J
peel oii. -».V \vrj Uiio" ti;il r s'.L:vo;v.U' 1
1 lie ciulo shuuiu i#ij {ttvi-.t. ti »vay 'ti-dta ull
otucr. clj.nircn .afiv<ist.»lwo» hjfcKb. ittit^r
a,it-a-..K,' ii^d cfaiuSjjt^'ir^iiiJ- Js i|f^Jt3vai
V'.vl iv tw'i liit.aait-^l' jjr.eueutbj 'uJt^tllcly
u*k luirriJ 'nuch liOro;- bei'^lv 'anu "aguui
oiner io.uij' ji« V. t «,ij«er.''^iv'. ra'rh 'ociii'^
taint ai.u unly'out iu»".«t feiy hours .' : ... .
Tiu' tit aViciffii .\u25a0\u25a0 i. \.'\ : iM.* OiicvVJiJhcated
caws! of ' nitasles is 's:rtii>lfc:' ' The*ciiiid
bnuuld .be at>Ji.»-<-*.i'fcOljii(: l ;.-as ioOu'ad-ih';
oiaejio ttarn r t<^Jiii>i#, ."t»t'^.a.jgi.i>jst.u; five
fcll".J..t \,e |»ul "«/' % i.«V,".KJ.v'.' — *• v*^. Vt.ftJni
Ijji «ut". iurt. \'t hii roljjnV'iiiCtirt..- be' kepi
v. v... «. »<iii\tcjn](C2'ut^iv.' ot '".tf ta.'i" .«je
grtt-M I-'.; v<-^^t.^.,^-. «i vTrcMh a.i«"-s'..ouiU
lit allov.-fii v* vni.< > ii > |v £ilr/iuiiu v ..io |.",»»"'i^ui*»;
t :. iii a '^liMy-hlCiklvyofiKi- i Lt*l%lU ( b|>bv'td
u<: nUud > i.u-ijii 3.cuv^t<i;tiL,'.tn.:.:ui *aiii:na
li.lll y| ;«iIW-U.lii>'.'l> V.jUl. .».'i..itl)lr ,«J,(;|-
Ihms -viit: u^uut loo.! &!iound' lie diluleJ
• •in.--tin4i,'uir'u ftftVtiJiltllSCftJj^ywf^gTiia^
Ui:iiy..»,ic: c .uscd'. unJ.fl' ti»v- iJaby: r^ugain
I'iking: iuj.-j:SLrar.£ornvjia.' \u25a0; - . "\u25a0'.-" .: .. ,
Ctic/.r c:irt : -»lii»uld beU.ii ken : of the cyys
and- mr>utl». ";Tliey ; - should be wnshed
three. or. toi:r t)mw \u25a0 dav.v.ith.a sa;^
uratcti solution rof ibocic acid. ,J£very
day ; the - baby, should . liave
upongV "batir*;i jivefa ; 'uhdc'r •'covcf-'iif \u25a0 a
blan-krt).' nnd, then i be. rubbed- ull over
with vaseline. "This will 'help' to allay
FRANCISCO- SUNDAY -GALE.
ing 1 tilt- lines turn away from the cen
tre of r tne "froivt. '• In between the rows
set rows- qt double brier-stitching or
of French- knots— or both.'
. Rounded yokes of narrow Valenciennes
and beading .(like -the- illustration) are .
exquisite, and mak^ the prettiest kind .
<if a finish. They must be made on pa- "
per, drawing the tops of each row of
ia,o« up a litilc to ease it into the right
»!ia:Ve. '--:: >• \u25a0 : \u25a0
.The -(suggestion . for - ihe tiny square
yoke 'may bo <-arrie'.l out with, valen
•.•jennes instead of the Urawinvork, or -
•iVtfil with the narrow- baby Irish- -lace
which .Is so wonderfully- popular— which .
" comes" in ' new. • narrow widths. Such a
yoke- would have -to be made on a' p^
• rer foundation., too.' b.isting each bit
cpon the paper, and carefully tearing'
•t >. way' when" the work is entirely fin
•isi.ed.- \u25a0 - ' - " \ : '
Handkerchief Jiiicn and batiste are t\v»>.
'avor.ito materials, for hard-embroid.e'red
liloiisf s. ; ~\V;i'tr is/ far and a way 'first v '
favorite. "D'jf. p'lle '..bin? '\u25a0- or \loJof or . .
pink, niakc .txquisitc'iy pretty gifts— and
. tjlousM . ,
.never, v^s.; and. .that is. -to. dine alone,
with a % jo'jii'," mr.!i at. a hole! or res-
Uiuiaiit.^ Sfio". may." ',? . bn>- icui>Wo bun
.-yrelf. ih Jii^'i aythne. or in Hie evening
if, 'it is \u25a0 -. not .laic. . so with him :o rat
an .ice at torn* <|ijiei caterer's, but the
i^ii-1 -wsi(> is s'en diriiii;; ur Supping .-ilone
wiili men' hi public- piaccj ,is apt to be
'.severely gostHp-d about, and can biatne
10 one but herself if sh: is caliod^yay"
jlr "TAsi." V:' '.'\u25a0'•'
Of course;- a \u25a0 moJher is a girl's natural \u25a0'
. '\u25a0•i.a;Vron, but.; as our American sotjuty
i:s' 1 onsiituted.inoihers a!id caughterV'
btMiomgo -on.; togft nor., cxcoi t . in very '
lasliioTijiole toeieiy. whore, .as lias been
.s.iid tit-iote/ .a '.youns-gir!- never goes (o
.try enterlainmcr.t uniess accompanied
by '.:ei-. parent or in t lie euro of some
i"ne;id or. -rclaiive, ; v.ho. t'Ak<.-H . -.'ttxc, i
Hioihfi'ij' t>k«vv . i;>. tliis legpcct. . AmOng \u25a0
l»<:O7)!f of inorp moderate rn;-aus . tJiia
;pUn ii absoir.u ly ImpVacttcabfe "AiitJ
ail tlx> avirag* rnoiher neo<l itrk is thai
thc eJtg.tr, he caa'peroned by the hostess*. "•
•.>r'* "nor; mi»ther or gome elderiy rt-luuv't. 1 :
ii-the :»rtyb? given by a -young- girj'.: \u25a0
P:.d that, h<=i; daughter has some nusVable'.
ni^:is of gs-ttiiiK to aid. from the place
or "r.vertainnient. She may go 1 wjth a
j.urty Of \oung- friends a:i<l return home
-t\;i.i ihem it .the distance is not too
. s.^at. or she can. ho escorted by some '
>o:;:ig m»'.n whose chaviicier.and rcuuta- 1
titm ;.re wpriknowirto-her family. But
•she should not bc-.a|low.e;l, to go tv any
ph.cv lelyihp. oil the chance of some one*
n^kin's' tcv/'Keeher- home.", '..The- toother
ehbtiid kT.ow.howithe daughter is To jj«?t &
h<»ni'.'. before, slie -allows her to go.. • ••-..•\u25a0
•MUny mothers- are puzzled : how .to
li-cai their daughters' callers. When a!
;. - oiiuS man calis .in "the evening, the best
ana most^ sensible 'etiquette prescribe!
Jhnt the mother should come in with
hrr flaughrer awd^tay for a short time,
ta l:{i.< pleasr.ntly. with him: then, after
half an hour or so. she can make, some
!->;c-{Txt to withdraw, and leave tho
$ ouhjc people to. talk " over their own .
\u25a0jrtiHenis for a. time, unrestrained by her
lH'cfcence. • .. - -. . -.
riuge. that '.popular refuge for. incom
petent women: ' •"> \u25a0\u25a0 • ', ••• -
\u25a0."-The woman' v,ho v/khes to be a news-,
paper repo: ler, should itait herself- if she
IS able to toil from eight to fifteen hours
a ;d?y. seven <iays in the week; ior_ this
may be required of her. Is she iilTJiigi
loj.to.ke: whatever afasignment may be
given]; to go wherever sent, to aocom
i/lish what she. is delegated • to do. at
whatever risk, or rebuff, .or inconveni
ence; to brnve nil kinds of weuiher: to
give up the •'frivoHtles of dress .that
.women love, and • confine herself to a
plain, serviceable suit; to renounce prac-'
tically'-the pleasures of social 1 life; to
uiit her relations to othcis on a business
boi>i«; to' subordihate, :nerpocal desires
and clhnlnale • the 'ego'; to -be ciucfnl
siwjuys »o disarm piejudifco against and •
create, 'an impress'im' favorable to. wom
en In this occupation;^ to expect^no 'fa
vors on uccouiH of se:c; to {submit her
v/ork 10-'ihe some standard «jby v. hi^h a
man's is. judged?"
.'\u25a0oiirnalhsnV proper, as :> : field for lhe
avtivities of. women.- \u0084of*cr3 many le
'.viirds. objective; nnd subjective. At the
' beginning.: let me explain what 1 mean
by jounulihin riropsr. I can only repent
v.hat 1 have, said over and over again
rhen asked my- opinion' ..on' this sub-.
Ufct.- •\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •-.-, \u25a0; : : .-\u25a0- . .;;\u25a0-.'
f itis not the- mere writing or pieces
for the weekly, monthly or daily, news
p.ip'eT. or the mere drawing of a salary
in' a position hdd |<y stiictly extrinsic
"pull or intJuenct'. !i is the conscientious
<,oncinu<nis ea-ning of. a \u25a0 liV.np. ,as re
, porter or \u25a0 editor. •in the collection \u25a0: or
Mandlin? of daily ; news." The objective'
rewards', summarized, mean an honest,
reasonably liberal maintenance. ;The
' sjbjective ; reward*. •suniinariziHl. .mean
, r. perpetual bfoadening of the intellect
ual and spiritual horizon of the worker. "
,'tlie flcbins which is often tiresent, and
also-'prevent the scales of skin 'from
about. ' -
. •ff. the child is exceedingly restless and
liac a vtjry high fover.anicu cap.should
, : l/o piaeecijon his h?ad ; an'd a litiio aleof
• hoi auacd';totbe'\,-aitr .with, which lic'ls
\u25a0 ; JSpcint -&• '\u25a0 '\u25a0 '- ..-\u25a0',•[ . '.'•- . ;
f.'i'r.t,; ruoni Jii which' c baby ia.ilsblated
•.during a. I'onjaglou.s disease should , be
. iafjge,., bright" and airy, having i;n : oi-cn
iitej)luce: lrpoosible.. if the room";-" Has
uo p:.pyr.6n tho'waris, so much .inw'bvt
ttr. 1 .. ir shoula'. huv«< no carpet' oil r'tlie.
: Jiuor or.' any uptioistured \u25a0 lurnilu're o*
any, kind, lior ;uiy omer unnecessary a.r'r
iiclets which cnnnof.be desiioyu^ whc-ii
the , dlsvs^u ,1s .over.'
• only; the-" doctor j'.nd'i't he people .who
\u25a0 tate.cpre of -.the* baby should be- ullowed
iri'ihe loom.-and thyy isnouid: wear.cot
toii (. luihiag. It is much witvr not- to al-
Iti..- »n« ni'uiher.'or nurse to mingit:wtlh
the rest of ihe family in any. v^ay;-bui
v.ln'n ; a mutitcr must do. her own house
v.oik, as :w"ell; as.take caio : of the sick
.baby.- she cannot be absolutely isolated.
\\'litl« in. the; sick roomsho should wear
a ; large,' cap wiwcn compleiely. covers her
hai», anti-, it cotton"., garment 'oi "' some
kind th»s l can be, easily.' slipped on and
pK. A U.ng. linen, duster *Js ot ten conven
ient. -Tiit'Sp should-, be kept- at the door
of. .the s.ick room ;and > worn . while : in- the
; n,om only.. She. should ; also cafe fuili'
wash her. fn tie, and; hands, before leaving
• the'rooiUi . . . -• : .- "\u25a0 ;. ,'f^.'-'.
The other*children In the. family should
not be sent to school while the baby has
measlet.: it is very likeb', they will come
down with it unless they have hadit
before, and it wouid' ; be very wrong to •
\u25a0yjkpusp. a lot cf 'other 'children Pu the
\u25a0 tiiieast' ' ' '. ' \u25a0. - ~ '
It is ths complications of measles which
are the most serious. feature yf the uis
.t-ase,. and. the. doctor mast keep a care-p
'ful'.waich of the baby's luns?, cars,
eyes and kidneys. PiiLiimoii.u is very
api to 'develop.- in the, case of yoang
babies tsp«cially, and it must be ; enrc
lully . guarUcd against and . prdm;^j
iix-uieii ii> siiouiu occur. " • " \ \u25a0
\. hen the doctor thinks It is safe for
_the baby to leave tue sick room, rih3_
child should be given a warm bath in
a. soiution ot . b.onionuc if ms-.cury,'
. 1-ZtXto,'- hair and ah; 'u.eu< one in "uarm
wait.- umi suit 11; 'hy . snua.u , ; h?iT Us
wrapped in a fresli, ekan blar.'iiet anil
carried into another, room,. v\i»eic deaii
,;. ng should, b^j, p. ,''"':
sliould ii|.u : tu..e these tame |>rccautions..
inuring iht; ii.'ric-jd. aiij uivCi' ili>-- cliilsi
has leii iiiy s.'c-k roohi, .a.i CvXuiiis an^i
. CiOLii.i.g* Wc,»ii uu'n.^. I.lc uL\.-oe woUti!
be .oC^..oti oitr iJisni. in a\ iuiu.iun'uf
carijo..c 'ccid, on<_- o^nccor Lhe acid to
>»'v y-l-^iis of. &(er',\.iitcr, viic entiled
Ehou.u ilijii beta-icn to the la-sndry in
v co»crta pa.l anu bolltU-ior liali an
.hour.: . : \u25a0 -; : y re-::. ' ,
\u25a0The sick room sliould. alv.'ays be fumi-,
. gated nut-i- nwasies, «.nu if -a. mattress
and pillow : have. beon used,' ' taey thotu 1
be-nrn.nio aJter-tnty "huve t/eenJllimN
gated, urdisinficteu by (;iy li^at.> if
there is -paper-' on the;. wall.- it-is- much
safer to have it feiaix'O uif ana" iresti
paper put on/ ; • ;. ; ; \
• :.-.': .Gsrinan Measles..
(Jcrman meaili'j is a much less serious
disease than, measles. \u25a0, It is sometimes
mistaken ler a- second attack ofnieasles.
but it is really quiie a sep.irate disease.
If. a ci.ild vhas been exVOhtd to, the
di&ease. he is liable to show sjmrHoms
of ,v at any : time from five* lo| twciuy
clays aitpr th'i exposure.: Sometimes 'ho
child will seem a little feverish and lan
gruid.vbut most often the first thing
noticed .about the disease is the ra?h.
This is usually first seen on'the face,
out may cover .the entire body almost
from the very ' fii-ut.
'. » Ills* _- rash also ' vuiics a gui a dt-al; it 15
iisualty pple i<M. and varies nomlittle
spois'llic size ot a (rfn-ie.nl i> ihose of
a pea. Sometimes tho spoU remain sepn
. rate and .again they will run tosether.
lookingsoraewhatUike the. blotches seen
in measles. TIII3 ra&h irequently remains
out oniy a, day ; or: two '.and then fat'.os.
The, tever is seldom - high. • rarely | being
over : 101' dcgi ees. and the child o'oes not
appear' very- sick. •<» , \u25a0 .
Hesi in ced. with 3^ very •light diet
white thiiic, is any fever, is nil ih>- treat
ment -necessary.": The glands behind the
ears in th«.-jifcck: are almost . invariably
"nlarge'J-ciuilng aud just aitcr :his dis
ease. ' ' '. .-• .. ... . '. • . .
The Passing; of; the !
:;\u25a0'< Tea liable '
IT'S curious how' quietly/arid'- surely
• tea' tables went out of -fashion. Not
the, f ashion :. of :'\u25a0 serving? . afternoon
. tea. .with its ; pretty /service; but of
keeping up - a : small stable," spread Iwith
cups and saucers .and \\plates,i to say
nothing; of -.teapot ?'and.' kettle.'.-.-Appar
ently; a;well-flttedrout tea table'was al
ways ,i n.n '. readiness ; \u25a0 r in ', reality/ it ' never
could be, lor With -each thiug arllag
raws rtceptac.i; lor-Uusi. there, couia lc.
\u25a0*^»v Uii.i.o '.uutu "v iJiciui- uu0t.i.1,3 .cr
rmsiuy - maui- tiniigi.- i^ofsjl.ip. :'
Thut wasj. the real leaaoii for dispens
ing with tea tables— or. at least, with
those already set. Little low tables are
too convenient tor. half a dozen purposes
<to "share in / the change; ..
\u25a0As * a consequence of this change, a
host.of tea wagons ,and' tea trays have
come out, which can be set at a mo- -
merit's notice with china fresh: from its
glass-covered, s dustless \ shelves, - and '-.
carried, in to be '- set— tray. and all, per
haps — on the tea 5 table- proper.- Or.'- a
dozen odd contrivances', have been "ar
ranged,".-if.you want to,, arrange "your
. own .things, of cellarettes' and quaint"
built-in - cupboards — ' little . affairs. ; of -
course^-or- even - a glass-covered- shelf
or two, converted from its original . pur-
puse of being a hansinc bookshelf. 'In
~*.j t,. iitlui (_^ti.».^ At t n- ituhy rcauy..
a«. atinomeiifa notice — everything you'll
Le likely lo need, not only In tde way
uj.serv.cc. but the pretty little linens,
too. •
Tea-table concoctions weren't particu
larly, appetising;- anyway. It was pretty
enough iv on whito hanu» iiiovni^ in
and out' among the cups, making -and
arranging;; but the chocolate made on
most of-tWm was very unpleasant
stuff, \u25a0 and the usual tea and coffee not
much better, o Having the • things - made
outside and; brought. in on a. tray makes
it possible to have them : prepared as
,they : should- "be; while even- getting
_the,secvice-.QUt;of; a .wee. artistic cup
board or cellaret te - furnishes excuse
enough for • doing your,- "cooking" at
the side, where it can receive the proper
attention.^3s9fiKflHHH
Chaflng-di3hcs. In spite of all that has
been said, are as popular as ever Th*
but they are too useful to be r-l. i-« r »,\
to the background until some thin- very
much more Jmprovetl c«mvs aloniT Th«
trouble with many anti-chann---dlsh
ln S n 8 e c %^ nCh p?JpJre hh d Cre bb y 1^
hosters in a chatins-dish. v/h.'ch had
to be washed between each two courses '
In its place, it is the most satisfactory
thing ever Invented.
All sorts or new things are coming out
to aid In dispensing hospitality. New
challng-dish accessories— really Senstbla
ones. too. In spite of their beauty
make the work (which is half p!ay>
easier. And as to the new things for
afternoon tea. their name Is legion.
The beauty of it- all Is that there's
more and more of. It done. all the while
—and. somehow, there's nothing llk»
tea. or Us dozens of substitutes, for
creating: that thoroughly coxy feeliM
v which ts the essence of hospitalityChristmas
Chat
CHRISTMAS is the Chil- "
ciren's Day. 1 said Lhat in
my Thanksgiving Talk, but
the thought is one that it is
well to impress upon our minds as
the- holy season draws near. For,
to enjoy this day of da; s in the true
Christmas spirit, we must all be as
littJe children. Just for a little
while let us lay aside the tbov.ght
of the toil and the stress, the get
ting and losing, the petty vexation*
and the still more petty jealousies of
daily iife. ' On this day we r.re all
children together. \u2666 u -" li; .ng with the
joy of doing something to make oth
ers happy, -with the delight of giv
ing, and with the eagerness to see
all the good things that have come
to every one else.
There is much talk — some of if de
cidedly wise, some of it heartlessly
foolish — of the evil of gift-making.
Without stopping here to go into the
ethics of the patter, it may be well
to call attention to the fact that at
no other season is there so much
pood-natured and unselfish jollity as
during the holidays. Note the
crowds coming home on street and
railroad cars late- la the evening,
laden down with parcels of all siz?s
and description, footsore and weary.
perhar>s but merry and laughing. A
cross Christmas shopper i« an anom
aly. For one. such there are thou
sand? of the happy kind. If one
doubts the worth of this season, and
i<s cynically tnnipted to ask. "Wlnt's
the use?" with retard to all tne fn«s
and preparation, let him simply read
'lie napcrs.and be will be answered.
Ts it nothing that in bo^rniM? Ml
ov*>r the country ccorpe -r.f children's
ward"* are trrnrpdrwChrUtrn v= trees:
that in countless institutions for the
poor, .tbp «tir«k. the homeless, ther?
rir*» food and to <;r>arp. and crif t« snd
''nvnns \vord~ ; that tliTo i« one rl«v
*n the mar. wiif-ri- 'to n«*> wirldlv
virirnn.. .it ,i« "•f."=b«orrMo" to be
«-ood to pvprybody ? T>>t the s°d fr^ps
Vi^btpnP'l. tho loivlv rmde clr.d^
t'«p J>omplpc« that rr.'f^d. answer
*',„ rvpet'^n. Is it no'binr fl^t^n
cm jn 'he throe rrmdrfd and
t^'r.frn fil 1 Christendom • follotrs
"C7HETJ GIVING IS A TAX
But pvil creeps in when the giv
ing becomes a tax. E'.id rease* to b n
a pleasure. And it in the place of
the housemother to see thnt this is
not the case in her nest. The giving
must not be done "grudgingly nor of
necessity," if it would be gracious.
In one family there was in Lang
Syne/ a method of making presents
which divided the burden (if it can
be so called) equally among the
members of the household. Several
months beforehand a Christinas box
or fund was started. Into this lock
ed bos were dropped, by -each mem
ber of the family, sucL coins as he
could spare. They accumulated
gradually until a fortnight before
Christmas, when the t was held what
was called "a famik council." All
— the .father and mother and the
children — met to apportion to each
person his or her gift. First, the
father was told to go out of the
room, and a vote was taken as to
what should be given to him. and the
money for that was taken from the
box. ~3Text. ihe mother was banish
ed and the father recalled, and her
gift was chosen. Afterward, one
child at a time left the room, and
the others decided on what he or she
should have. Of course, the parents'
gifts took more money than did
those of the little children, for toys
dH not cost much, and in this ar
rangement the children concurred
ioyfullv. Surely such- a method wa?
nn illustration of the principle—' In
honor preferring one another.
In another home, where many
friendless students — boys and girls
far from horne — spend Christmas.
fk«r« is a- tree, and nn.this is a pi ft
for *acl\. person, and every ore of
the number who receives gives
R.orriPiMYii to *>very other nerson.
GIFTS AT 25 CENTS APIECE
Eut there is one law that must not
bfc disobeyed: no gift shall iwt more
than 2.> rents. To depart from this
would be fonsidercd unkind and un
fair. One may pay as little as ho
\vishe« for a gift, but one cannot go
bcyontl irx* suns named. The ar
:\u25a0.'».ligemcr.t sivo« rise tr> much merri
inciit One girl whose hair was al
tvays falling down, as it was so heavy
;bat it defied the stoutest pins, re
ceived a paper of hairpins elaborate
iv tied with violet ribbon; another,
uiio "couiulaincd of cold hands and
lci>l. received a uuy doll'o T J*t water
Lag arid inufl; the old-maid aunt,
who had »ea in her room every day,
had a cheap, but pretty, Japanese
teapot; to the youth whose dande
liciwJown moustache was struggling
to face the world, was given a gor
peous shaving mug. It may all seem
billy to the c6ol-hcaded and prac
tical observer — silly and childish.
But who would be practical, and
who 'would not be a child at Christ
mas timel J v \u25a0 '
One.woiaan this year has (so far
its her own practice is concerned)
reversed -the usual custom of giving
to those who expect her to do so, or
tc whom she has been in the habit
» of making gifts. She is now prepar
ing Rifts for those from whom she
expects nothing, and who cannot
send her anything. One great com
fort in remembering the poor is
the fact that one raav not be-ac
cused of giving in the hope of a re
turn in kind.
As this is the home feast, let
greens and other decorations be such
as can be arranged by the members
cf the family. To many of us the
odor of evergreen brings back a rush
of memories of byaronf Christmase?.
of happy faces, of cheering arroet
ings. Let, u?' not deny our children
- such memories for their future days.
Have ihe prevailing: colors green
and red. the former much in evi
dence, ihe latter added to give a
touch of brightness here, find there:
«n exclamation point, as it were, to
the gpneral scheme. Get creat bough*
of cedar and of pine. Suppose each
boucrh does drop its needles all over
the floor — just now rre will not pau«e
to consider that. Over the mantel
piece bank f ho bough*, and fasten
one across \\\r ton of f»n*cb window.
PRETTY. WINDOW. DECORATIONS
" A pretty iffaa is to frame each win
clow ;in green. For tliis purpose use
the croiind pirr* or running cedar,
forking it -with: tiny brads '.to the
window casing, so that one looks out
upon a white world through n green
frame. ' Tf one i<" whore holly and
mrstletcp grow, use both in abun
. dance. But. if they -mu?t be bought
at fancy prices, qse tlieni sparingly.
Instead of the red of the holly, have
wreaths, and .festoons tied with bow«
of bright scarlet baby ribbon. Of
cottoo-back ribbon, suitable for this
purpose. ,one. may buy a roll . of ten'
yards for 12 cents.'- If liolly i^ very
expensive, be satisiicd With having a.
sprig ol" it. tit^Welj. cover at-die^rn
ble, to be ..used as a boutoihiiere by
each diner, -rliycn if . one can 'only
have a striul] piece of iiustlnt<x>. hr.ng
. this, in um.-huiioretl fas'>Jr»u, in the
middle t»f the:i*ra *:;. room, and jet
each member of I lie \ family caught
beneath it pay '"ie penalty. The
graudfather and .~rawdrnotl:r-r\ will
be younger for t'.-imerry joke, rind,
the little folk a)*,»ys experience r.
thrill of exciter c: i v-lien thus
caught and kissr,*- Anything? that
promotes mirth, or that produces a
laugh, is to be advocated.
The question of the /Christmas
tree is perennial. In many families
the grown people still cling* to the
dear old emblem. Even when Santa
Claus has growu to mean. only the
Spirit of Christmas, and the dress
ing of the tree is no longer a "mys
terious rite performed after each of
the younger members of the house
hold is in bed, "while visions of
sugar plums dance in his head" —
still we hate to part with the tree.
Of "course, a great deal of work, and
a great deal of disorder later. If
there are children in the family, put
aside these considerations, and trim
the tree, large or small. It means
more to the little ones than we can
imagine, unless we have very dis
tinct recollections of our own youth.
A TINY TREE ON A TABLE
A pretty expedient, when a large
tree is out of the ouestion, is a tiny
one to stand in the centre of the
dining table. Have this fastened
firmly in a wooden stand, and wind
over the stand strands of running
cedar. Then trim the tree. It may
lie made a veritable fairy like struc
ture. At any toy shop ono may buy
liny candles an inch or two long,
with holders. Fasten these all over
the tree. A pretty notion is to hang
on this bush, of evergreen a tiny
scarlet. box ol bonbons for each per
son at the table. Ai the end of the
meal, these are taken off and the
contents eaten with, or after, the
coffee. Tiny colored beads, and
strands of tinsel hang from the
miniature branches. From the chan
delier over the little tree suspend a
red tissue paper Christmas bell, such
as one sees for sale at thousands
of shops at this season, and from the
edges cf tins bell fasten yards of
green or other vine to meet
the top of the tree. Streamers of
ground piuc wound with narrow
scarlet ribbon can run to the four
corners of the table. Sprigs of cedar
dropped here and there upon the
cloth add tt» ihe "Christmassy" ef
fect.
All these tilings, should be but the
outward and visible sign of an in
ward and spiritual joy — a brightness
that must make the whole year more
glad because of the Gift of Gifts
that came to the world on the first
THE SAN FRANCISCO? SUNDAY XALIi.
Marion Harland' s Chat With Housemothers
y\ sola. Cunwngviii contribu.es a
f-\ uuugel ox iiu^bty practical uinis
j •\u25a0<\u25a0!»\u25a0 ior~-kvotnrt> vniu 'uu meir own
work" because tney caahul uao'rJ to
hlie servants. i\»any cf the^e hava
more real rennemein of tninu and .lasni.
than some millionaires' wives. Coarse
ness is pain to-. them; the need of prac
ticing small economies :1a a . continual
penance. . They*' love oeanty, in alt; Its
forms, and they -would enjoy.. ease; and
luxury if • they had them. Our corre
spondent would show thorn how to*.tna.b«
tho hrst of the inevitable:
a budget ; oj ';. -Practical n «««
. vl l.ie Uiiuwivllaa ..i!o .*.uiui"l .v»-»l uj»u
»uiut ut tn«j tavuiu'l oi.«-i> i an:
. It yunr j.ut«icj. .i B *k.'..a.i. —id Ju'J liave n »
I oOOUS J^vjX. Ic.j.v -i—c o."-. \u25a0,«•»»«••«• "•""'
vup wuii uijcjuih, nodiiy lucueJ over me
. «.-i. e -e. ' i^Ut bvit;»r:i<ot.M.a a.o^llU l"« ia.i. r
. utnim lo amuii tiyliig - i.«>ir. s;;ooii*,
u),/|-. .a, rjc, «.!«. V-O>t< llie tA.l.u-1 »"»
li^vKit, lo sit- J.dU.t*. aciuo l*uil mill «>«
f<t.A on. .N.'W, Uk.k v. f.cikj' lu.m.'^iV di
»«.o valance uiouna ii«.xt iv ihe oltoouj. me
nun jua tutivatuit m« l.jur. On tuo i>.»
notn tujj \im \M.a\ *-<ii .-"»i^s. c^vii. ul.uk.
while j'c»U..s. lime <t hi* io«..ver itv^t, o-j
iii«l >ua «.-.. luu uu wiiii-tw^i e.cy uiUj-
LK> wni'e it-aim^;. skjuic iU^i i..t U«i k»c
\aieu. Well, yw can u«aivo v .ijs.* — k. uy..
aoUDdnj; a dcttn-woin «.oiutoit unt.l v m
cikiUl tnjuietii inclits miu.ic ana «:»'in<
nrmly aiuu.iU ?hc iu^s ..jid twioe. ineii
klip a brown oc let. ».cj..... ioui- o-'ei i^.
tiuaoncu al Jn« end. -Ha-e a snap at tuo
'll l HK !duTI!EK ; a FRIEND. A. L t;. (Mta
ueapol.:>. I'
\u0084 k i,i lUij v.C<>iiuiuiUUUtlOli, tOO
v, tcr.. ii u^.o *.> »a meaiid
oi makins, over i.i.lu\^u4 cvery-day
ciothiiig, a»id will be ..awiui lo iDusc wiki
must, pciiorce, respect uic uay t»l sma.ii
vtitngs
To Make Javcllc, Water
In «i.»utr lv "Cunstdnt ».c^ucr s mini
(jut^wv/u in juur c^.^c. "-.. iv i —^.o
j^tkllu wawr: .- ' •
Always anule! To one gal.en ol wattr
auu - ono-i^«uud cL'a u( imu and lour
ot co.»iiii^u waahhitr tuvit \o-l ao<l-it.
AHUM II lo ln.ll «.c»; lill.> u k.ca. ' tvutu «.v,v...
tur«» iUio uoitit*. liUit }&.a or sione jugs.
U**V iiii l»yl »y con^ii. A «.ui>tui m v tuo of
u^lc. v. ill louovll'diri lit mo luuai wllcl
\u0084 mmj; bltbcnibti i-ci-fcctlj . ii acts liko
- «, v-ll £.>.<. ay COUKUIS ..lensiia. X( -will
l.^Tu t-i«iili >'!..". i«u.<f>»"« «li Oaa ouors,.
- . ' ' I i— L.. ((.nica^uj.
• A Curious Problem \u0084
' Will i>ui luuuiceiui itowacmother,
clear ol ijra.iu auu prompi in ucuun,
ieaa our uc.»i letter uu-iuily auu tell
us briefly v«rny ifie wruera search lor
empioynieiit lc^sS uunti'iiuis liian icacn
uik and bicnograpny has ihub far oeen
Uiibuccessiui": Her ietiei would not
have been aumiutu to iiu* Luiumn uui
tor her assertion that she Mas given ad
vertising in me public pi in is a lonj; uuU
talr trial. \u25a0 . .
I do not,, in other circumstances, pub
lish applications for salaried positions.
Yea.a u«tur» -1- tuvk >up Uacn.ns 1 was
conaiaered «n extentui hv/UseKcci-ei. «. uooa
«:uvk unu l.le pel Salirncaln-u vi ueainesa. la^
lact, 1 COUJU IUI.. i-/ iu.ua lo mwni aly
ifclUK in a tiuusuholu. bince i cunnot navo
»-l.o<c« oi my o>»n, i siiomo iiKo lo uuta.* «
toniforiaWc home t"r some un« elae. .
1 love to teach liltle ciiiifirrii,- auu 1 have
advertised for a position a. guverness-cum
panton and nnally as huubtKetper. . . l_havo
Decomu a \u25a0munwr of the Woman s GullJ,
acd my a<J\t'i*ii»cini.-iits nay«- t,ctu \u25a0 int>ui icu
In a dally paper - for Dearly '• two months.
And yet 1 have received • not one reply. 1
have also answered advtriltrmenis. with Lh9
name result. • .
I dent cara to work o-.:t as an ordinary
dcmtfciic. but I chould like to take cbarge
of a household. 1 know 1 would. bo a:t ac
quisition to any family, tor'l want a bunia
•'the worst way." . ' • '-\u25a0 '
Can yo.-. advise me av to just what to do?
' At preb«nt I am living on the money. 1 bavo
laid by for a rainy day. - • . ••\u2666 \u0084
Whatever I do I put my heart and soul
Into my work. I am very conscientious. I
am Just on the eunny .t}de or to. but younff
SCHOOL FOR HOUSEWIVES
MARION HARLAND
>-\u0084-._. «_» V uiia _J JUe to i.JVc £..«> .__l— -
\u25a0Mm tlieiu. ; ••\u25a0 . -- . ..;-• •-.•\u25a0
. Now, Htjf dear Mrs. Harland. whjt Is ycur
p:«z«.ripiiun~ I'M' «<nu in my poaiiiun'.' • ><;>
m;i:ur hu~-liiiit.-i.uii> ii '.'— "i* iMI'»»
•it. •-\u25a0\u25a0•- •.-•\u25a0• \u25a0\u0084\u25a0 H. S (Illinois). :
*ne lurygonii; has give.. „.- 0..* >«:u
benous inuuiji". . -unu -rcauiC ot jTjITj c<jii
bicerailou utwiepiuu.tmutiu Ueiure U3 j
la W'cumiru) vie 1.1 .../ *)w..ci ihai' il 13
Dilute r ' ius' v v, oUidrt<,':.."i;omiJanion i ,ty .
tecur'tt a place thafi* for a.iyuther "pla^a.
of -wqi-keie. '.. . Vei: tivure , requests of.'lhis.
i.ature :ivj sent in iv me tlian'Cor aiiy
(«lii_t - kind of- employment. "H." S. '
agKs me to be . pcrft-ctty tiank wKh her.
if she ls*«|bt"«l"e In this desire, she will
not- lie offended when I say that wero
1 In hor illlcrnmn. 1 should take a place
RECIPES
MEAI.3 TOK A DAY, WITH
eecipes pos pkeparing
:the same.". ,
Ereai:fast.\
FRUIT; tcitiii. v.iui cream and
sutjar; po.icncd t!jgs ana toaat.
j • with chicken yravy; coft'ee.
j^i.ln.x.wi;li. •
Creamed salmon- on toast; French
peas; bread anu butter; chocolate. "'
: u i'.
Broiled- round siL-jk; Liaked succotash;
Llavt cn»H-».i.r.-; siUllfU' 1-i-UiO, collet.
Poached' Eggs on Toast.
Save a cui> or cup and a half ot
clucKen Ki<v.y i.0... S^niay's uiiiner;
huu to II tnlee luuiespooiituis of milK,
and reheat. Toaat luunuj ofbread, utit
ter them lightly. , l*ut. a .spoontul of
K««'V> oji CH<_ii round, and lay on the top
v p.iacneu t,ss. t>pnnKltf with sau ana
\. tiltu Jivlfpcl' .alld. Sfl \*i.; ' .\u25a0. -.
Round Stsak Broiled. x !
Buy a round steak the d;iy before you
wisn to serve it: JLay the §Uak in a
deep yUle und pour over it two-thirds
of v cup of salad oil to which has beei:
added one taoK-spaotifur. of vinegar. Ue
sure -ilu- oil anu. vinegar "are well
blended by beating, l'ut the steak in
the coldest part of the refrlaereto"
Turn it several times during the next
twi;nty-four hours. When ycu are reaciy
lo'usc it, scrape off cp.ix-fu.iy all the oil
wipe the steaK ainj broil it ov-r ad»df
hot lire. This steak will be found to ba
•is iv..iucr ami uciic.jus us j mucn jiiOro
api-nsivi! cut. .\u25a0-:. x.
Creamed Salmcn on Toast.
Melt two lablespoontuls of butter, and
add.to'it two tablcsiioonfuls of. flo'ur,**H
i-easonlng' of salt. and "cayenne, -and one
pint of hot milk. When smooth anil
thick add to It one cup of canned
salmon which '\u25a0'*\u25a0 haa bevn freed from
bones and • skiiv .one .cup of finely
clioppoti .TuaPtea I ' peanuts und the white*
of three hard-boilcu esss chopped tine.
serve not on buttered toubl or in rema
kitis. •
Somerset Croquettes.
Melt- three ' tablespoouftils-' of butter:
rub Into it three tablespoonfuU of. flour;
then arid two-thirds of a cup of , milk,
stirring all the while. When the; boil
ing point I»* reached' add one-half cup of.
.grated chec-seuntl the yolks of two eggs.
When the cheese ts melted and the mix
ture, is smooth take trom. the rtre and
add one ; cup of ; ; mild cheese, cut Jnto
small cubes. Season with palt and cay
enne.; and spread : on', sl shallow pan tto
cool. Shape into round croquettes; dip
Into egg and >then Into crumbs. Fry In
deep' fat until brown.-,- Serve with the
lettuce course, on a folded napkin.
. . or aj v wuriwiiio nouse&eeper,
, auu piu,« myself by the aiscnaise or
..liie"i.ui.n.a li.oaiuuen'i upuu' me uiere so
uell • ritieu ior something better ami
higher that advancement:- woulu conic
about naturally, .in' every rank and
\u25a0 ( every position one must wm one "a spurs.
asthe phrase is. ' '" \u25a0 . ,
•Thla- pill of plain counsel may be
.mole bftter than you bargained fur." it
-in i honest, friendly advice.
Odd Bits of Usefulness
A roi.ml ifcpe for cleaning water bottl?"
Is to till with sour milk and let tntm stana
n tuupie oi jujs; tin-n pour out and wasß
veil, and they are beautifully clean.
/ Mrs. W. E. McEL
• To this • br.ef item o* uo^ui .ii.v—•\u25a0*
tiun \ join v goouiy ia o ui sent, in oy
an lowa worker, it would aud mucn
to the valUu of our Exciiauge U huu»e
wivesi would Jot down at odd momenta
such bits of practical wisdom as they
aie learning : from' every-uay experi
ence, and- tor wuru to us from time to
time, ior the oditication of the t'amily
in gencrp-t. : ' I ' »
>--.X. A- gi.*j<i 'way to make starch for dark
dreSMfl is to place lump aiaiun in a pan »." .
.vclvt a uai'K uiuwn Ut tue ovcii. uitn i.ij.**
'. in tne.Uauai.'way. " :. j Z'.t'.c
' •-. l l.».v' l.vt L.iils a week to the child huv
li.S li.c-.m-itst. plai.^ at vie table, and in
i:iis uuy tia>t t>my un» t utl».vl^ia a \.>.c» ja
Z. MaK-j bloqmers of the tame material
es Hi., jusk-s tor rvhi.ol Klrls. Make qul.a
uil. - uit.i.vluaitcs at Uie knees ana W-IjU
In sUi.uin.-i 1 make them uf Llin-h ti.uc-n.
i.ii.i ihw amount vi WuahinK saved is won
uellUl. v ."\u25a0•. «;\u25a0""_.
4. Mix equal parts of powdered borax and
luiVLtiuu lujjar anu sprinkle Just a iltJu i:i
ihe. fciiiull Liuldien'a luoutlut ciiry other
luufnlus tn ti;c,> tiiein clean. iThc mourns,
i.oi mc iliilimnl)
. 6. MitKt- ,»i:t- tKiits and the dresses for the '
\<xj.evUd !on« lust alnjut *\venty-2our Imhej -
long anil buve ; the extra , work of shone.. lns.
•-It lh!s i.M.al«.s IDe hunt Uuiml, kw/.i
pleas* 1 come again?
. Mrs. M, D. H. (Ma«shalltown. Iowa).
' V'OU Lu.lllll So/ lul' IIUM WLi 1..J uO
rax,,'uuu •• .b'ugii ij»esciiptiuii b^iouid- l»o
' used, it is v gouu, ulu-iustuui.eu iiur
bery Temeuy "lor soie tnuu'iii3 i.i babies.
1 take U for; bruiitea tli^t it la hoc
' to be kept up ior an Uiueiinite perioU
after the api>~r«:ui need or it lias pu^j
ed away. \u25a0\u25a0 , \u25a0 -
Come asaln--and wa'en you will!
Pure Molasses
.notice aiuCts tlio icll^cb for cooking
l)U0lUil«.a i.i •»• IJ-'O iaaUe v- >oUi- pa^er v,no
l,i\eii u> a .Nu>v IUtK liieliiltel. IU vuikii 0..a
a.aics mil >..cib la oo .Ufliau* as (,cu
uil.u ii.v,a in*..— saea, H^' i..uwt ol U a— a i.l«i»
or no iii«la*i«.s lv It, "i>ui ti mobile ktUuM*.
uuu ibtt il ia about t.i.»e me uUulic ue
liiaudeu puie uiolusaes. 'Ihls »s uiwuuokj-
IV I.U- Cl lII- »..uU»"Oa >O.u ull 1... ..«.., U.-
IL-ans .md. nearly all other ma.keis; but as
n.-uusti' of a Urge plantation and an m
uiiaiv.. raiMi ol sujar cane. 1 would correct
such a stnteniont. 1, with many oificis.
•na^e anu inaiket un aosoluiely <Bua;ante«l>
iiu' c rane syrup, wtrh no aculierutiun wJui
{.\V r . ' \u25a0. ; '\u25a0 . C. ». H. tAlaiianiaj.
.1 liiaxe room cheeji-iiy lur iu.j icucr,
noi, uUi'y ! uucttuoe l Jl u*j »« i\iiu£iioa£ lo
coi reel *uny laiie.'nnprcdsioii luui uiay
liav c uetn maae." by mij ni»«»ri puoiiaucJ
in this aepartineiic, but . because it la
well ior housekeepers loi Know j that
Stharo is bucti.a thing. a» puie,.>;naup»
terateu 'cane, syrup • in the . market. . 1
miKht aau:ihat it us lefreaning to leara
also that there V are , honest manufac
turers who resent an imputation upon
the purity of their vvart» us a personal
insult.- ,'.- ' ' \u25a0
The Help Cur Corned Gives
Another - ; pleasant will gratify
correspondents as; welU as -editor:
U; wo ukb. llie opiJur'Uu.iy lo tnank you
lor ih« belp your Cwiner na» Kiven woman.
1 have enjoyed p It many liuies. . It seems to
me that you have edueutetl your icorv«
spondents so they do" not asK, such Impos
sible and tlresdme > questions as | before—
Questions they -could solve, by opt-nlnj;. a
dlctionarj'. In a Norwegian paper tner«
was this question some time ago: ,
"What year., und what date was tn»
Clarial period 'I There is nothing about It In
the Bible!" . . '; B-
Christmas
Candy
4? \u25a0 '. ~
A GIRL, who was ! famous
" among friends and family
,for her skill in candy mak
ing, found herself facing
? ihe problem one Christmas «f an
almost empty purse and a long
Christmas list.
. /There was only o-^'thing for it —
either to give some of her candy,. or
to- abandon the idea of Christmas
presents at all. Somehow. Christ
mos. wouldn't be Christma3 without
givir.g. so the candy won the day.
Fortunately, she knew plenty of
kinds to make. For days before
Christina's she was busy getting the
numerous things ready. Nuts had
to be shelled and blanched; harm
less coloriutr matter secured, and
•the prettiest little boxes and bas
kets made of crinkled tissue paper
and pasteboard, or of heavy water
color puper. decorated prettily with
water-color paints.
The day before Christmas she
shut herself up in the kitchen, with
pans and kettles and plates — any
thing and everything ready * : to her
hand" for the work.
Her fudges were many and varied.
Some, made exactly like chocolate
fudge fwith the chocolate left out),
were a delicious invention of her
own, the result of an experiment
one day when' sire wanted to make
Candy nnd found she had no choco
la<p., Two cups of sugar, one of
'milk. and a good tabl^spoonful of
butter were put in a double boiler
end allowed to boil for five minutes,
then taken off the fire and beaten
pniii the top began to glaze ever so
Into the mixture was
poured n cupful of finely chopped
unts and half a teaspoonful of va
nilla; it was stirred again quickly
and turned out/ to cool.
A TASTY CHOCOLATE FUUGE
Leaving out the nuts and adding
half ti cake of bitter ehucolate
made the most delieiou3 chocolate
fud^r. When some of her choco
late fudge turned out an apparent
failure, she dumped into it a cup of
mola«se?. put it all on to boil up
for five minutes, and turned out a
batch of caramels. • • \u25a0
}faple sugar fudge she. madj by
hoilinir two cups of crushed maple
~ugar with one of cream. But it
was a wonder to «ret just right, and.
unlike the chocoLtc fueg'b. stayed a
failuro v when it turned out thnt way.
Chocolate fudge poured ever a
i hick layer of chopped marshmr.l
lows made a fudge variation that
was immensely popular, partly be
ffu^e the mrrshniallows offset tho
cloving sweetness of the fudge.
Ent the ncv.-e:.t form of fudge
wes made witlv honey and cream.
Benefits of Price Schedules for Servants
Mary E. Carter
\u2666 Copyright. 1905. by A: L. Barnes & Co.>
NoT ions ago me writer unuertooH
to »<;(. an excellent woman, ,
\»nui»i she iiau ioug Known, to
iviurn to uumeaviC service,
which had been her nieuuj* of supyoii
until s>ne marneu. 'Her marriage naU
liOt pioved all that sue anu nei irienua
hupeU it would be. 'mere were times
Wii«d sne nau tv go out to aay a worn
to iuaii.iu.in ncr linle nouie. 'x»i«j pl»c«
offere'u wus t-jvcepiioualiy uediraoie. llie
unstress was &v> Ainu uiiu coiiaiueratw
mot auti seiuoiu ciiuu o eu uer uouiesucs.
i lie bill! wnoae piace WUS IBeU to be
lmcd iia.d i..v«a w.in ncr, oif unu on, for
over- iwsiuy yeais, Uu>ui,i nianleu auu
ueconiu a .<iuji< uu'i.iiji »u<ii tiuie. ihe
\»a o v.^. \«.ic u.«v^'- uo "*y *"o»l, Uie UOUas
VC»y Cuoj lo UVC U.UU »Ultt Ui, nilVlUo,
bit iauiAC*ii Luii.^uii.iH.es, wmiu ihe lam
ii/ uw.o.o.tii oi a \iijuw ana ncr t«va
Kiiiu uuu cap^uie uaJßutwo. il Wad
niou^ui tliaL ii vvuuiU ue just tlio placo
lor tne woiiiiia und her lutie uoy, wug
ii Ww.a .ouuu.u uccumpuuy ma
UlOUicr. i"« u»i.'e'r vi v luce, peiiuaneiit
piace in a. beuuuful iic.qUuoj...-; cii>,
twuuiiiinb ' llrC oc«uiy Ui me youutry
\»iiii', luc auv*Lnu» o ta oX llle m' town,
ttii.itu iv \u*t winer woi».uy of tna
woiiiu.ua senvus consider a nuii. Accoru
lni,**," *«• ieiiici" wa^ sent inajtiii,; in*
piw^Jsiiiou. '**«*o **i l *' c teV^y
"±sxiii£ Akina — —
"": -«v<.t..».u.>j\tar , letter. It t3 kind of
y Uu ;; v lU . u » a "ie, uui'ua tor a.> ia»
*•»«» tn"* i' .-«,*"">••• u«»v UKtMt: uccu tllllui
li*o iji IU 1 fao ((Hi vi ViuiiCill UUlaa,
ii.& 1 ij-iT lv Uu, Uuk It id Ui<i4 W UUig J.
i.itiu uutuc iw o \j i>j i.l iv« eveiuii,;. it
Is aitu o «;>.uer uiucreiu ifuui utuio a riCTV'
uui. *>«(.» liu^c 1 sliii.il Uevcr ueeti to
uu lliai uyain. if Bu.ua/ piaao would
liaVc l«J ix wituitiu li'oiO laiwing lilj
buy With me. uai 1 hupo it siiail never
l»«_, as i Hill so iwppy in oar mv« nuiue.*
1 thank you yu.li tuo same."
. ...» v tiiu 4.0>.u» c^.cssiun of, an un-
CUu.ii.uiii/ \»tl >> '" >s V> uuiuu, Y»ilU iixajj
Übiu, ai*u u(.|f i p.dh.^j~uv:«cr
i.i«M^ D .>.o c^.c«-^>w lUf »*u ullUtUiuaultt iCa
tuu. jTwUii ~. a <J sue aaiu. "ua, X iuiij
iv uiu-a U»i»« Uu.uc. t. uu liu>. njui. la
l.c a acii-... u..i ii.y Hie. j. aiu ui»Ui«
W \.UU iia.ut. lu^a.i uu I1U», ii 1 ca.i
uu.j uuti.' a lluuie. Ljct.^ uu.. .1, iuc
uu.MM.ii tv w^ij o uuu Auuiuu j aeaft,
ts ii;e iwilfai.io lvi" a liutne. euC IL> saua
k,c tla.U -lv lUUult. auuu, ua'^ilaCis.
fvu.« v lilt; I Hb.dC,'<itusnerdilli: to Uu
v>uc,,luu LutUiuU uMiaViU B uiio day in
uf Uie all vii a t.^k : i.iuuceUKU.d lo Ulali/
lor icaviiio uuuiebuu »«i »n.e auu »««»•
i.. c w.ii~i . «.a>a 01 c^ru>iit> t living.
Alost of Ui t&riuW tnut it mis u»i been
Uucu.uuiUii tur v. oerviiut lv be cuiupeiteU
vu sikts Sv "<\u25a0»' i-iiiiiiui uuuiici tv suit ncr
c:npio>ci » icouv«.inence,' especially iv
case or uaexpccteu «nt«rtaituuB» o4' b«
tauae orviilntss In. tlio lumiiy. no
one uutMhtt aisappomteU girl nerseif
vnought of».thtr injustice of aucruactun,;
upon her'acant holiduy time, snail w«>
wonder, theu. that house servant* havw
not appreciated those much - vaunted,
"home advantages" t Assured periodic
fieedooi— the birthright. of evury numau
being in the •\u25a0 work -a -day world— should
be respected by employers exactly a*
they would wish to have their own In
alienabla righu respected by others.
using equal proportions and beating
''extra hard." ; *';
" Fudge . biscuit she made for the
girh who were at boarding school?,
and Who couldn't get, home for the
holidays.- She packed them in small
cracker tins. . They were simply
small crackers, spread^ thickly with
fudge-, with, another cracker laid on
top.
With fondant as a foundation, all
sort 3 of interesting cream candies
and bonbons were made. To maka
this fondant, she put two cups of
granulated sugar, half a cup of
water and a pincli of '•'•earn of tar
tar into a double boiler, letting it
boil until a little dropped in • cold
water formed into a soft ball be
tween her finarers. TUs wa3 hard
to do. for the moment when it is
just cooked enough to form, instecl
of separating, is the moment when
it must come off, or be too stiff. Sha .
let it cool, and then stirred h until
it grew creamy, then turned it out
and worked it, like a batch of bread,
until every lump war. out of it and
it was a smooth lot of cream.
EVOLUTION OF A CONFECTION
Some of it she flavored with va
nilla and rolled into little bali3
(some with a nut in the centre) and
dipped into chocolate, using a long
wire with a loop on the end for dip
ping. The chocolate was the ready
sweetened kind, melted and kept
soft by being stood in hot water.
These were the beginnings. From,
them sprang all sorts of pink and
violet-tinted bonbons, dippiug balls
of the cream in the tinted crenm.
Peppermint cream and chocolate
covered peppermints were made by
adding a few drop 3 of oil of pepper
mint to ths fondant, and winter
grecti drop* by the addition of es
sence of wintcrgreen.
Hvc-rton taffy came out crisp and'
.delicious. Half a pound each of but
ter and granulated sugar wero boiled
for fifteen minutes, and poured out
in buttered tin 3.
Her fondant ran short before she
came to the dish of English v.alnnts.
which had been carefully shelW. to
keep the halves unbroken. So «he
stirred confectioner's sugar tnd
cream together until it was of_ the
consistency of the fondant, flavored
it with vanilla and put half an Eng
lish walnut on each side.
It was a long, hard day's work,
with results in the shape of burns
and blisters, a face very much
flushed, and aching muscles; but
when the various kinds were sorted,
and packed in their pretty recep
tacles, her gifts 'loomed up well,
after all," as her small sister (and
general helper) ob-orved.
Then. too. that sharo line of demarca
tion, called In the Orient "caste." and
having its counterpart— "social sphere"—
in the Occident, often leads* people to
fteglsct tun::«un cuuric^y in ueuui.g wtta
their domestics, wu.u at tne taiac Umw
exacting trom them me striCiesi letter
oi tcij i_tVt vi sj^ii'v.citt: Kiwitcu mem
at-Kcj. i,io ITii i uveil su cuuiiuuu it HuJ
k^Uavu i«w.A^; x#» *~yj -Yn*t \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 V • v*A .. \u25a0 - \u0084 ^f \u25a0 *
iiaL.it Mai Lwikuui. i>ul luWvaj iijit t»a-»
Uceii L'uilcU ui> a iuuji ue Irirt «» ii«Uj*«
li.-iu icivict. A 'acKUliiS uUiuu" luwmj
»i"J'i UM llOfiZO.., uua iLdaaacauselU
l«.aus uil Wild illc xi;ii!«l s>lci».
\»nuever u^uois me iap.u spread and
ilnai kucirMl »>i >.luiv i....,taiuit is not
awukt iv lue alg.io oi Hie units, 'tun'
Vlleeio i,i pio o!v.^0 !v.^ Miij o^ c.u >s eu, lucy
luin.ti ue s.u|vtn. i«. « tb^..ii,ii .uf
i^^uple lv put &tUiiiii»aiji uiucKa in iu«*
»>ay of cnuiigt-3 mat in me etiu iney did
t,lad ti> see carneu out. iu»«uiuuuy. iu«t
of scueuulea of time ana pay
ment tor 411 services at tU.«;u lUlei Wilt
be as ueneitcial to nit- mbucis v la iu«*
maiu. it win Ltiiu^ tuu.^ & uvutr uuue
aianuing tcuvctu lueua. .Noiiicr une ua
lucu lluyi-^v uyuu iuo oltiei. uuuua.i/
a hisliei- ,ciasj> in acif-aupyot i.ii^ VuC J
win ue iitiracifU intu auusKuiuu*s^ uc
cause ousiiicas memods v.m vi o iinj U u
inesiic aetvii.e m me e^timuiiou \ti C
earlier*. &nop> aiiu tactories will iiu
longer prt.seui special lnuuccment^. t,o
taiiie vi stated uouia lor worn anu uu
inteirupleu pelloua 01. tieeuum UiuL iiav a
teinpieu via..> «AMt uiioiit utu (UIM iu^v*
aOUitSHC W*t*\tK* UUI lur LUC WUl...lH;iliClii
atctt.alug it. ifit ucm viuer win i«iu«
UOQlti^lc aerVicc: 111 ins «,<-.ie:ai w u ., u .
Uuu, uecause UM uiU cui..c.w»,t ior luuoo
wnu cTlovae SUCJ service hul vie. Aiuu
ern uusinesd oetnoud suvtiacai.iti Kuwi
iaeaa will lilt tne "pu.t ml uui m.cv '
Hum liouseno.J service and -so.ye iu<*
\u25a0Wvjiiilsume auivatil. prujitui, to ihe la.
lit: I in a»l coucerncd. mcli sjji-cj Uie day
Vtuctl I -'IT umiutss Uieitiuuo IMKUI bUt«J
Loin mutress anu maid:
CONSIDERATION YOU
utiinT 10 fcrnnv IX
chKISTiHAa bfturnNG
D' O your . Christmas siioy^;:i» **
Uu, )uu wltu.viiu a(iali a i: yuuf
<i»ti nine. '.'.iUci'ia aft no uui;y
.*-,-_ ..avc ciiij otic tulle iv dv it vi—
U>« Will llie uaiieal l. .ue vi. OOik..v,»l — k..u,»k ..u,» Ii
is uii.j tali' lUiiL'juu,- .. .ku yuar ie.o^.ic.
buui.iu* iiiaKu way 'lor nicm.
\« litre >uu ca.i, iuo, .v..c things with
you, «.apv.ciiii<> it lucre is dio iltiis£
>urn« ukeiy iv neeu' ior work, vir »uiy
vii.at.it i uii i must get vii soon to re<icn
inc . irieiiu at a uidlaDce. '1 nerc's iiu us<»
iiustuiif iv crowueu uelivfcry sysiema.
ana, it a ming does go tustr&y, you iosu
Hours ot vatuuDiu lime urucuij; it.
Get out ut tuu »'aj..iou, cii.ly In tins
day,, of lired peopie — strid ana women.
v,i.ove siuoo ail aay, proOably. attend
ing lo just sucn iiccJa q.3 yours; mea
wiio have been rusiieu, ur who are ut
terly worn out tminins und Hurrying oa
uiw helpers.
Perhaps you look at one or these mea.
askance as Ue.siu at ease, while you
dangle uncomfortably from a strap. Bus
It 13 you who are . wroaj.NAME PUZZLE
Tliese Are
the Lucßy
!5O Prize
Winners
ir* the Puzzle
Contest of
December 10.
arc ti3C nai '--- 3 ot luc l?s.kyl ?5. ky
1 350 prize-winners In the puzzle
j contest of December JO. which
I represented the names of the dlf
ferent parts of a watch:
Henry McXamara, box 4. Martinez;
Lucy Laplace. 2531 Washington street.
San Francisco; Lllai Stevenson. ::a?
Twenty-seventh street. San Francisco:
M. McKeown, 2226 Telegraph avenue.
Berkeley; Allan Perry. Monterey; Kd
njj. McCaughin, 192 I street. Sac
ramento; Ray Gllmartin. 1410 Fifth
street. West Berkeley; Charlie Gil mar
tin. 1410 Fifth street. West Berkeley;
Mario O. Abernathie. Suisun; Vivian
Mac Donald, Paicines. San Bcniftj
County: Elizabeth O'Neill. 523 Grant
etreet. South Vallejo; Dorothea O'Neill.
E2S Grant street. South Vallejo; Edith
Scoon. Modesto; Mildred Nidever. 31
Lincoln street, Santa Cruz; Harry
Sharp, 1217 Buena Vista, Los Angeles;
Milner Sharp. 1217 Buena Vista, Los
Angeles; Elliot Knux. Livermore;
Palma Martin. Twenty-second
street, San Francisco; Ola Thunber. 20
Sycamore street, Santa Cruz; Tom
Blanehard, 1030 South Sutler etreet.
Stockton; Harry Johnston, 79 Wash
ington street. Santa Cruz; l-Inid Vol
quards, 660 Elizabeth street, San Fran
cisco; Edgar Watt, Byron; Frank B.
Logan, Byron; Alva Cooper. Concord,
Contra. Costa County; Sam McLain. box
52. Tracy; Idel Prather, Fairtield; Kl
etinor Calnen, 937 Sixty-third street,
Oakland; Sibyle Ecton. 2712 Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley; Helen Rose. Loyal
ton; Marie Levey, 120 South Pilgrim
etreet, Stockton; George Newton. 238
West Park street, Stockton; Lizzie
Trlplett, Woodland. Yolo County; «O.
Myers, Belmont; Emma Jeshke. 434 Sa
voy street. Los Angeles; Daisy Pcnde
gart, 230 York street. Vallejo; Alfred
Cavanagrh, 207 Mill street. Martinez;
Roland Fleharty, Newman: Hazel Burns,.
Oil Center; Alice Britt, 725 Orange street,
Redlands; Leslie Boulware, Newman;
Dorothy Tubbs, 1324*2 Rhode Island street,
San Francisco: Emmett Daley. 302 Ferry
street, Martlr.cz; Ruth Gee, 725 l^ouisiana
street, Vallejo; Aurora Cabul. box 113,
Centerville; May Townsend. box 23. Calis
toga; Archie Fickes, box 37, Middle-town;
Marguerite Montgomery, 1901 Howard
street, San Francisco; Irene Morris. 791
South First street, San Jose; Merlon
Meeker. SO3 Orchard street. Santa Rosa;
Stella Crist. OS Third stieet. Santa Rosa;
Or/in Gibson, box 76 Menlo Park: Fran
cis O. McKoany. Tracy; James Murray.
Kcntficld; Ethel Neighbor. Snelling;
Jam<s Coulter, Sausalito; Ethel Marie
Curtlss. F. D. No. 2. Healdsburg; Ethel
Hanson. 11C3 Third stret. Petaluma; Edna
ilJeJl. St. Helena: Berniee Spar'rnberg. 701
Center street,. Stockton; Hazel-. Bailey.
Agnew; Ernest Ker; 117 Lyon street." San
Francisco; Clifton Rose, 1320 Grant. street.
Berkeley; Alice > Houghtaling". 1205 Taylor
ttrect. San Francisco: Nell Wise. Tracy;
Howard Poasp, 222 West Oak street.
Stockton;. Dora Elson. Benicia; Anita
Olmsted. box 531. San Mateo; Nellie
Daiiey, Kentfield; James Byrnes' Kent
lield; Elmer Johnson. 407 Hayes street,
San Francisco; Mild rod Polland. box 144.
SuisunrS?lma Frazicr. 2731 X street. Sac
ramento; Kate Glliis. 1220 Seventh street,"
Sacramento; Willie Williams. C 7. r South
Park. San Francisco: Theodore Howe,
box 255, San Diego; Mariam Harris. 1211
East Marin street. Stockton; Duran Rose,
box 267, llaywards': Nina Knguist. Middle
town: Donald McKinnon. box 354. Dlxon;
Nellie Adams.' I-i Grange. Stanislaus
County* . I*eonu Williams. 1143 Louisiana
street. Vallejo: Thclma" Winn. 1022 Twen
ty-seventh street. Sacramento: Klsle
Schraft, 224 Pottero avenue. San Fran
cisco: Gladys Smiley. 1726 Prince
street. South Berkeley; Ella Noon
an, AZI Fourth street. Santa
Kosa^ Brse Blaney. Occidental. Sonoma
County: Eliza Lash, box 85. Suisun:>Vcr
iton Hammer. DO7 X ftreet. Sacramento;
Ixjuise Mazenaugor. 233 Grant street*.
Berkeley; Vena ' Fowler. 147S Fifteenth
strtet, Sjn Francisco; Abby Conner"; H5O
Union street. - San Francisco: vGrace
Grove. 2723 Ellsworth street, Berkeley;
Harold Cook,- 10 B' Woodward avenue. San
Francisco; Ida H. Henderlogg, 2404 X
street, Sacramento; Violet Gates, 25 Syca
more street. Santa Cruz: Grace Havens,
2617 . Harrison street, San Francisco;
Carl!.* Thompson. IS7G Fiftrenth street,'
San Francisco; Will Davidson, 1324 Sacra
mento street, Vallejo": .Ward F. Kent.
Jackson; Clarence Mezger, box 704, Wood
land; Mary Murry. San Quentin; Jane.C.
Noonan,- 432 Fourth street, Santa Rosa;
fiadie Agnew, 557 Seventh, street, Peta
luma; Bernard Fontana, box 25, Batavia;
Charley Price,- -1333 ; Weber street; Ala
meda; J. Noel Dunn, Port Costa; : Martha
THE' SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
EASSY PUZZLE THIS WEEK
If It were wot. for being alansy au<l thus Ncttinsr an awful example to our pnxzle-truesslns boys and ctrls
; nho, of coiirxe, have not In their bright lexicon of youth one little, little word of slang; — the puzzle editor
in lc lit nay thnt lie certainly wuipcets that the Inventor of puzzles Is "next." That said Inventor. has "a line on**
nhut boys nnd 'elrls * know and %vhat they're Interested In. . - : ' t \
lie ha* uo tiboner sprung; those puzzles ou us that Involve the different parts of a watch, knorrlns very
nell tlint every youngster over 10, ha» taken at least one natch apart, than here he bobs up with a new set
vf piuzlm that are right up to date. • v \ . . .. .. "<\u2666"'
. Guesslne tbe dlffereut parts; of a watch yvns rnny enough, but what about thes« puxxies this moralncl
Think of It: Rlelii In season, all you have to di}; Is name the different holidays ne observe.
Ofronnir, ir your mind were not flxed on \u25a0 holidays^ It might be dlfßcult. \u25a0'_'. Bnt -here we are, with Thaaks-
I'slvlns over, <"lirlntinns and New-Year ou tap, WaNhington's birthday coming* and -;
But It wotilil never do to go on like this. '"'\u25a0) lt v uilglit be telling. ;,;.".'\u25a0'
•So Jiiof wrlto down' the answer* to these holiday puzzles and send them la— anil laugh yonr bis lauzh at
the easiness of It. ' . . 9.
Here are rome particular points to bear In mind. ALWAYS BE ABSOLUTELY CEHTAIN THAT YOU
GIVK YOUIt \u25a0-•AIiDKKSS '"COIlRliCTLY^aud. LEGIBLY, for several dozen books have been returned because of I*.
correct addresses.' So If your name; vtu» published and you did not receive a book plea>« write .to taa
I'uzKle ICdltor. > • \u25a0'•vv \u25a0'/':< v '.-. - ;. ->"•"« *. \u25a0•'-''. ' ; \u25a0' "
'HHOItU ARK OMi HIi.VDKED A\D FIFTY PRIZES, aniWhl" Is what you must do to win one of them
Soi*e.thf usiinosof tlie'dilTereat holidays we observe^represented above, and write them out tn the space
opposite tbe proper corresponding.; number pro vided; for-r the purpose in tbe coupon on this pace, as per direction..;
till In the coupon with your name nnd/address and give the pri/.e you desire— lf you win— and send tbe coupon
to the KDITOII OK TIIXC NAMEwTUZZLK' PAG:K,*Sunday V CaII, San Francisco, Cal. - _- -
s RJCMEMUKR-T-To the KIU^O.VE HUNDRED AMD FIFTY BOYS A» o GIRLS who solve the six pnssles
correctly, one of these ON 13 Ul/iIDKED AND .FIPX Y s v BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
'And don't forget this nest 'point, because It is very important i ALL ANSWERS 3! UST REACH THIS
OFFICIO HV FIUDAY NOOK. This elves all those In the country an equal ; cbauce to compete. Read every*
thine on this page, to be sure that; you overlook uothlns that will help you to win a prize.
THE N'A.-HES OF THE LUCKY .-WINKERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO WEEKS
FROM TO-DAY, JANUARY. 7, 1006. \ '
' These lire the BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose* If you solve all the pussies correctly*
"Adventures of . a Browne," Mulock, "Barrack Rooni Ballads," Kipling; '. "Bllthedale Romance," Haw
~ tliornej "Uraoelirldgc Hall,"Jrvlng;,«Black: Hock,". Kalph Conoor; "The Chimes," Dlckensi "Christie's Old Or
sau," 6. F. Walton i. "A Dog of Flanders," Oulda; "Fairy; Land of Science," A. B. Buckley ; "House of Seven
Gables,": Hawthornej "Master of Ballcatrac," Stevenson;; "The* Light of Asia,*! E. Arnold; • "Prince of the
House of • David," lasrahamr'Tanclewobd. Tales,"; Hawthorne; "Uncle- Tom's Stowej" % "Tom Brown's
School Days," T". Husne»l "Two - Years' Before the .Mast," Dana; "A>\Voader Book," Hawthorne; "Vie. The An
toblograpby of a Fox Terrier," Meftsh; "A Flue Story tor Boys," U. Alger. I.
' \u25a0'. •.--.';\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'. ' '."\u25a0;;" -. .- : - » v . ; .. ' :. • . ._ / " \u25a0'. '. . '\u25a0\u25a0
HtifTaker, Allendale; ' Wilfred Maxwell,
8041 Tremont street. South Berkeley:
iJoris W'ulker, 1400 Twenty-first street,
East-Oakland: Mabel Xhristensen; 032
Hampshire street^ San . Alma
Brackmann.: 5717. Sari' Pablo avenue. Oak
land;: Eva" Ontiveros. .box 113, Santa
Maria; Jimmied Atkins, % box-- 396.- Carson,
Nevada; "A/ :iierisey, ; 2423^l*; street, Sacra-
Uiento;. Frances>.\yrenn.^lo44 -McAllister
street.^ San • Francisco': aiarjoria" Keys. 530
E ' 'Lafayette streets" Stockton: .Viola
Hamilton. " Silver • City, 'i- Nevada: ?: Nellie
Butts,^ 663-Bremanrstreet, 5 Petaluma;; Al-
belt Hopper^. Agnew; • J. \S. George.
Crockett: Edward Lawrence. Ross; Earl
Lane, :\u25a0 245 . Wall street. .Chicd: Miriam A.
Jones. * Martinez: \u25a0 Burton "•\u25a0-Dohnatln, 1 439
Savoy street. Los Angeles; Baby Kemp.
Tracy; 7 James T. Martin. .446 .-'Church
street. San Francisco; '-'Joseph Martin. .446
Church street. San Francisco; .Agnes
Zimmerman." 103 Tulare avenue. Vlsalia;
Verna Vehis, 1007; N' street. Visalla;
Robert -IMunce. IS2I L street.: Fresno:
Viola. Fontaine, ' :- 504 O ' street, Fresn/>:
Elsa-Kahny." Redding: Ethel; Swanson.
2113 Ninth "street, .-.West ' Berkeley; Laurie
Nelson. > 22 Franklin street. San Fran
cisco; Leslie Riddell. 2514 Sacramento:
Willie' J . Dunn. 332 ETair Oaks street. San
Francisco;' Carmel" Savlo. Soquel, Santa
Cruz:; Flores" M-; Smith. Xapa: Treca
Hurlbuu. box; 4S. Lakeport: ;Eva" : ,Butts,
663 Breman street; Petaluma: Mac Lewis.
Farragut avenue. \'aliejo; Olema McLeod,
Fairfleld; Claude Shirley. 713 Tenth street,
Modesto: 'William Tell. San. Mateo:: Albert
Allen.;, box 25/ San" Leandro: Georgia
Langdon. '. box . 202, Suisun: Erwiri Morri
son. Tracy; Harry Kilpatrick. Monterey;
Floyd Laird; 2921 Grove street, Berkeley.
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
fand Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. P.
To Puzle Editor, Suaday Call*
San Francisco*
Below In their proper aom-
bers please find ray solution of
the names of the different
holidays we observe, represented
In this week's puzzles'
t.
Z.
4...
tf». •»•\u25a0»••*••••• •«•*•«• .••j>»«»«
..;....,«.«•
7. Mjut»*«
December- 24, 1903.
Same \u0084...........*..•••••••••
Street «r P. O.D •••
City •••• *
State ....•• •••••••••••••
It i win I choose Cor prize
(See List of Prises.)The San Francisco Sunday Call.no_textno_textno_textno_textPages 2 1 to :28: 28
EUROPE OBSERVES ANCIENT CHRISTMAS CUSTOMS
ENGLISH ROYAL COUPLE SERVED WITH W
Children in Ho I/and Hang Up Their Shoes About
Chimney Place and Paris Makes a Gay
Carnival of the Occasion.- -
LONDON, Dec. 23.— 1n. spite of cynical
writers, who never fail to assert that the
X English Christmas is not what it used to
v l»e, there is little fault to be found with
the wav in which the Yuletide is ob
served in this country. It's true, more's
the pity, that the Yule log is a thing of
the past, and that in few households in
this country, except the King's, does the
"boar's head" play its ancient part, but
aside from these things Christmas in
England is kept much as it was in Dick
tns' time:
In ail the great country houses there are
Christmas gatherings. Still "the stock
ings are hung by the chimney with care,"
still the Christinas tree bears its myste
rious fruit and still the pudding names
at the end of the day's great repast. Even
the carol keeps Its place. All over tne
country within a few days of Christmas
you may hear the "waits," as they are
called— children who sing "God Bless You.
Merry Gentlemen." and "I Saw Three |
Ships," under your windows in the even
ing in the hope of pennies. Why they call
them "waits" nobody, seems to know, ex
cept that they do wait for the coppers.
Yes, England gives itself up to Christ
inas in quite the old way, all except
London. Throughout the provinces there
is snow to help out the picture, but Lon
don, with its damp, chilly air and soot
laden fogs, does not lend itself *o a "Mer
rie Christmas." The streets wear a
gloomy aspect. All places of amusement
«xc closed. There are no public festivi
ties or demonstrations. What mirth there
is is all within doors.
BOXTXG DAY CELEBRATION.
But on the next day, Boxing day, which
Is also a ho'tcay, everything is different
The streets are full again, the theaters
reopen, the pantomimes, dear to the heart
of the true cockney, begin, and London
ers revel afreah In ,the old stories of
"Dick Whittington and His Cat," "Cin
derella" and "Blue Beard." Boxing day,
by the way, is believed to take its name
Irom the universal custom of giving
Christmas "boiea." or tips, to all serv
ants and other factotums on that day.
3t is London's great day of the whole
year.
Meanwhile at Sandring-ham, the King
and Queen do their best to preserve the
traditions of tho old-fashioned Christmas
in their celebration. Their .Majesties are
always served with a boar's head, a baron
of beef and a gigantic plum pudding. The
boar's head its usually a present from the
Kaiser, and laid upon a silver dish, with
its tusks highly polished; It Is carried
- ehoulder-high. into the dining hall, at
•which time the carpi is sung, beginning
with the words:
The King's boar-head In hand ! I bring
• B«d«cke4 with bays and roeemary.
And I pray you good people be merry-
In the remoter rural districts many
cuaint old Christmas customs still sur
vive. In Yorkshire, bands of children go
wassailing, carrying with them a rude
travesty of the Nativity in the form of a
huge doll, decked with mistletoe, and
cinq the old sons, "Here We Come a-
Wassailins:/* which, like the carol- of the
"waits," may be literally interpreted as
a reauest* for pennies. And, of course,
toe "Christmas box" is always forthcom
fSs. • -
OBSERVANCE IX GERMAVIV
But, after all, to find Christmas ' cole- !
brated with all the ancient • zest, * one \u25a0
must go to Germany. For Germans the .'
day is still a period for sentimentality, '
• time for family reunions • in \u25a0 the * old
Special Cable ».o Ttu; Gall.
\u25a0 hem», an occasion for givingr and receiv
ing- a multitude of presents and an oppor
tunity of exchanging 'friendly greetings
with the whole circle of one's \ relatives
and friends. The Christmas tree, too,
originated in Germany and during the
•week preceding: Christmas the market
places and squares of irery town In the
Fatherland are stacked. with heaps of fir
trees of -all sizes, which in* due course
art- to be I- used - for Christmas. As the
Yuletide approaches, these heaps of fir
trees prow smaller and smaller." until on
December 21 there are very few or none I
at all left."- " '
it ih a noint of honor in every Ger
man family' to have a Christmas ' tree
for- the children and many households
continue to observe the custom even
wliyi all the members of the family have
became adults. Wealthy Germans have a
Christmas tree which extends from the
floor • io the ceiling- of a lofty chamber
and Jills with its huge branches the
greater part of a large room, and the
Fize of the tree decreases : in each house
hold in proportion to the decreasing
world prosperity of the respective fami
lies. In poor houses the Christmas : tree
is nothing more than a twig of a fir tree
stuck in a pot and placed in the center
or the table.
\u0084, In < every case the Christmas tree is
Illuminated. If it is a big tree it is hung
*rith hundreds of Chinese lanterns and
candles, wnich throw a brilliant light '
over the imposing array of presents j
MA* n 5. ,° m * the ' bran ches which bend
?£ ni f I ° f Sood thinss - The sm^
est Christmas trees are illuminated- by
matches CandlCS scarcely bigger than
CHRISTMAS TREES FOR ALL.
One peculiarity of Christmas In Ger
many is that the celebration takes place i
on Christmas eve instead of on Christ- i
mas day itself. The celebration begins i
soon after sunset on December 24 and *
concludes on - the same evening. Christ
mas day itself is simply a public holiday •
on which the nation enjoys itself. All
theaters and places of amusement are
closed on December 24 and are "open
again the next day. f
The, programme of proceedings on the '
Heilige Nacht. as Christmas . eve Us
called in Germany, is in its 'essential
features the same in every German fam
ily.' First the family circle gathers ]
round the Christmas tree and sings- one
or two Christmas carols, for the Ger- 1
mans are a* nation of musicians. The
husband then embraces his wife - and
kisses her; father and; mother embrace
and kiss all their^ehildren, and the chil
dren embrace and - kiss one another, if
more distant \u25a0 relatives and even ' friends
and acquaintances are present they also
receive and bestow, kisses on all present.
There is, in short, a general outbreak
of klssiug. At most family gatherings
some benevolent elder, wearing afur cap, - .
long white beard, and .red cloak .enacts
the role of Santa ; Claus ' arid "distributes
the gifts. - _^_ •',;\u25a0••; .•;\u25a0;'
In many German households 7the ; patri- ]
archal custom^ of allowing the domestic '
servants to participate in the'Christmaa
festivities ,is still observed. - Presents i for "
the servants are hung on "the 1 family
Christmas tree, and although the domes
tics do : riot j share ( in the ' : general : kissing/ :'
every . one present , shakes ", bands '. >'. with '\u25a0 <
them and wishes them all the good things '"\u25a0
of the 'season. .">•-\u25a0'\u25a0 *:
The ' presents • for "the - * servants / ara :
The San Francisco Call.
PICTURES. WHICH SHOW. THE CARNIVAL SPIRIT IN* -YTHICH CHUISTMAS
IS GREETED IN PARIS AND THE RELIGIOUS •\u25a0 SENTIMENT WHICH THE
HOLIDAY AROUSES IN THE CAPITAL OP ITALY. , , . -,
.rarely limited to the,; gifts
from the Christmas ; ,tree,^ but; include
sums, of > money.* Tne ; trusted •• domestic
servant of cither- sex: usually; receives
• $20 . in . cash ? in ; addition". to 1 , other: gifts/
It is customary, in all; offices,: and, biisi-.
f ness establishments if or"-- employers .to
1 present. thelrJstaff with. Chri3tm'a3(pres-~
ents i in " the ; shape "of double ' salary ' for.
the :month" 3 of v December, , a; ; Christmas
observance which* is keenly appreciated.;
ICAISER;LAyiSH GIFTS.;'^ {
The r royal *pa lace at; Potsdam i la i \u25a0 the
scene; ot, the ;-mbs'tT brilliant'/ Christmas'
festival in Europe,' for the. Kaiser cele
brates it' iii a; manner '^befitting the
monarch :of the Fatherland, • vwhere*
Santa Claus comes ; tb . every ' home .with
gifts, and where iUie'i very criminals In
prison are provided • "with t \ Christmas
- trees. V | -'".'• ' \-\\ -\
On 'the -afternoon of the* holy eve,
\u25a0.the" Kaiser," accompanied ''by. some' of his
stalwart / young: sons, 1 1 may.; be'-'seen
walking abdiit- in ; the* neighborhood- of
i the; palace,"; bestowing Christmas 'boxes
on Tall; the, poqr.if oik -he chances •to'jmeet
. andiwishlng; them* a/ happy; Christmas/
On every \u25a0; beggar* whom i he -encounters
\u25a0he bestows 'a- silver 'coin ' worth r . Sl ' 25.' "\u25a0'. -\u25a0
'' Meantime*. within. tho pas^V ? tlie \u25a0Em
press,'like]every other 'German; mother/
is z putting : '\u25a0','."! tho - - 'last' 'touches '^tq'^the'
trees. They,are arranged on*
* tables; in i the'f apartment v known ' as - the
; Hall-i of ' Shells. yS There 'are -V two ; ; enor-*
mous " trees" for- the- Emperor ? and ', Em-
SAN> FRANGISGO/SUNDA^DEGEMBER;^: 1905.
press ajnd' smaller. bnes'for; each 1 of. their
children;Tvaf"ying T in f size;according\to
their" respective, ages."''- \u25a0•'.''•\u25a0...\u25a0 '. ,
'In somejof the: more remote provinces
of :Germany*quaint;custonis : symbolicar
of ;'the . meanihg^of , phristnias{are -stiir
kept.' In some pfjthereasternVproyihees
bordering ;on\ Russia f services'
are iheldln'j stables jto commemorate tthe :
birth, of Christ. -;» These Christ
mas. /.celebrations,^ however. ;are
outunder^the i influence "of -the twentieth
century*' spirit.; y . :\. {.' "..;•:•". : ; ; ; -. - .
:It • Is ;; a j curious :i fact;, that : Germany's'
near; neighbor, V L Holland i ;'does,.r.6t. ; ob-'
serve '. Christmas, iatf'all,- except ; as an
ordinaryJSunclay/i^VlthitheiHollanders
it : is /December ; 6 i that,'is « given over/ to
Jollity, and .mirthV/^lt; Is ''the'' day" of
Saint; Nicholas,:.' the"- patron' .:•-'. saint, of
childhood^'and'^ah .•excellent ,; rival "of.
Santa I Claus, "* .. who egoVs {about \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 on v his
k whlte \ horse f to '• brlng"|pr«sehts I for
BervingrjuvVriilee.ytOA^r.nlght'.the'chil-;
dren ~i leave V carrots h. on V the \>: domestic
hearth f or~ the}steed's jconSum'ptioh.': And
next"; morning",-* they ,<i find h convincing
pro9f|ofjigopdj Saint! Nick's<visit'in: the
disappearance /of fthej carrots Vahd sthe'
substitution- of i presents J f or<them: ' i
Shoes, ; ln: lieuTof'stockingV/are 11 * hung 1
about|therchimn'ey,;a.hd!afe*mysterlbus^'
lyinlled.^Saint'Nicholas JajattendedJby,
aiblacklboy/;a''pryihgVTinquisltiv'e,fdis- t ;
agreeable 1 sprite l^who v ''sneaks',' Jint the'
*io i the!, saint I how ( "J the "children.; behave"
themfeelyesJj, Those .who 'are r in- his i bad i
books gret^no -'presents.' " ' '.T.'".\ :*\u25a0 " '•.?' •\u25a0 •'
KING CORNERS
WOMAN CHEAT
IN CARD GAME
Edward Exposes a Fair
Trickster at
Bridge. ;
Spiciai* Cable? to The' Call.
LONDON, '.Dec. ,'23.-^-The ' social-elect'
I are', greatly excited "over a: cheating;
.episode : at J bridge -which took " place at
\u25a0 the house ; of. Consuelb, Duchess of Man-"
Chester,- in 1 . Grosve'nor Square .recently,
the "King being ; present, v The culprit is*
a woman, young, beautiful and; a 'bril-'
liant player, who has been' asked every-;
where ', to meet % his . . Ma j esty. -" ' Had ". it
been ;' a man', who >* was in f aul t, ". it ' " is
qtiite-; likely '.he'r.wbuldj have shared the
l.fatej'of £G6rdon^ Cunimihg. * As: it 'was'
a«.woman* she i has escaped, though 1 cer
| tainlyj disgraced. \u25a0 *.;;'..,,;: v .%\u25a0"•!/; : <IV
/^'Slie fwasc playing against/ the 'Klngf
and^the'-Duchess; ;Herj partner -.was-* the
Portuguese "Minister;\theTt.- Marquis j\de"j
9bveral/;-who } Is f a.'} great; favorite i^wlth's
i the>'r oy al 'i f ami Iy.'> \u25a0 H e l i s 'an'; ii n dd \ ff er'en t
player, buti Is always to lose", his'
money »' like? a j gentleman., ..llo.'.Avas^j
"dummy!'' -and t was \u25a0 in-, the'^dinln'sfyroom \
ge.tting^a^drink vwhile ;hls Ipartnef " was, 1
playing^ the ". "hand" /.when* [the ', incident j
took place. ; It' i was*thejKiner,';.who:ba_s ]
a 5a 5 marvelous 'memory, and \u25a0 knows, ever^]
'card Tout/^\vh6> saw's; that -his -.opponent';!
had /revoked itwice.;ahd :.had- done-one
or -two^other \u25a0doub'tful i jth-ings.' ';<When:
(she'Jrealized^that* his-^ Majesty had /de
tected -her ;she:;"almost r .;falhted.^ -The'^
Kiriff>Svas ; > angry,' _• so '" that ; ( ; he'
> dashed_ ! :down;hls!cards. v " •>, : : i* ". ':'g
'M' VI hay Vk seen * you'J'do isomp - pe*cullar (
things ~t at^. bridge now," '.he* re-,
marked j to', the l fair .{culprit," "but your^
last'faux pas "is unique.^; Look ;here.*De*
\u25a0Spveral,"; ; he ( ! added ieallihg^out ItoUh'e
-Marquis) i "just ' see\what' yojir ;,partner,
:has / dono; twice, 'V, and (then ,? he picked^
\i*p *the, tricks j and explained,"^: ,' |
-' '.The'unhappy woman '"lost 'her head,"*
THREATENING
LETTERS SENT
TO CONSUELO
Anarchists Resent Kind
Acts of Duchess of
\u25a0 :' : \u25a0;\u25a0 Marl borough -;\u25a0 x : .
.; LONDON,', Dec. - 23.— The r Duchess of.
Marlbprough's generous- patronage of
the Church Army 'has- excited -/he -ani-'
.mbsity'' of-"- •' those V'peculiar -, -, tlreb'rand
anarchists^. who ; regard .tharity .and^re
'iigrionVas the "greatest obstacles .to ".their,
/pet I schemes ";for' c the " regeneratfon' of
societ y. ; i ' ln i consequence she*", has *\u2666 re^
cciyed {laryei numbers > of ; ; threatening:
letters'and. these have aroused her fears^
to_. suchan-extent .that for.somo weeks'
Ipastrshet has- had a. staff of > detectives'
carefully * watching her new-, house In
MayfatrjjS|pM||tflßWßS^HßWPMfflßa
l^.Whehshe goeB'shopplng"^or;has\pcca-!
\u25a0sioh|\to\"attend*. public- function's, like
\u25a0 sonic": members of ,the*royal r family, • she
is : - by -J both tH s . male
"and? a\ female ?detective,Mhe'- latter , dis
guised^ as"; her -mal(l. :\u25a0: \u25a0 Unlike^
: she -has ; to I pay \u25a0 f or> t h©'t 1 uxury.;bf : such
1 protection,^ and as ",. some *of {those ; she
emplpys are. experts , in their ! prof esislon/
her.Cwcekly ' expenditure ;on4hls"accouht.
cannot .'fall ;far^ short of vs.,*^.v 5 .,*^. "
.;.-. It i is; considered strange Lthat) the ef -»]
.forts r_of i the -Duchess > to /alleviate ~2 di3- !
tre'ss^ainong :' the; -should
.have . exposed ', hereto : persecutions^frbm"
which" -somc^titled^ folk who" selflshljr
pursue*on ly^ t h'ei r vowu own ;pleasuVe -are frf e.*
Of course she recognizes ", that ; ;th'cse: at-*
trio k s •d p -f nnto t 'J cornel f re mX.th e -. pi cop 1c"
iwhom^sheMs^ doingSslier ."best/ito'-.help?
*Anyhow,*they<.wlll« not i cause: her/tojre-^
laxiherieffortsiln their' behalf.. . ; ,; ;
». '-• • •* ""* ' - . — ' - ».*
so .t o;speak and . made a "scene. \" Throw-*
ing £' herself ; on' < her,\ knees : she - hogged
the- King's j forgiveness*" and* said - -it
waulfl* "never." never happen *aga!n.'^\f ;
-, ll} s^" -Majesty* ."• smoothed ".matters*, over,
butvicft Soon af tervrard. V ' ~' ' •
Pages2lto2B
KING EDWARD
THE GUEST OF
MRS. VIVIAN
Social Distinction for
Another American >
Woman.
Special Cable to The CaU.
• LONDON. Dec. 23.— Another Ameri
can .woman has just "got there," to the
expressive- phraseology, of some of her
countrymen. - Mrs." Vivian, the wff e of
Colonel-Ralph- Vivian., has reached the
pinnacle of social distinction.^' In other
words, she has entertained -the King.
: - -'The colonel -rents .Houghton Hall, in
Norfolk/ from Lord Cholmondeley (pro
nounce rit Chumley, if you would be
credited' with -any knowledge of who's
•who'Tltt England), and thlther;the Kins
Journeyed Varly this* week to shoot over
its fa"mbus preserves ! and a go< ><l
tfme;afterwardvln''the- hospitable halU
The excursion* was favored by:lnvlg:or
atln'gr .weather.- the sport -was excellent,
the 'fare 'was; sumptuous-, .-his Majesty
thoroughly * % enjoyed . himself,, and the
number 'of ' women who can • now say
spiteful things of \u25a0 Mrs. Vivian * ha 3 iu
\u25a0creased "100 per', cent.," Sh** discovered
what feminine 'jealousy and envy are
;Wh^n she * entertain ed-. the Prince Qt
'.Wale'a ; at lloughton 4 Hall . last rear. .
• \u25a0'* Mtsl -Vivian was formerly the wife of
the" late ' Marshall \u25a0 O.\ Roberts of New
York, \u25a0'\u25a0 an* extremely * wealthy merchant
"and. -a-" devout member, of 'the church,
who abhorrf d -everything : that savored
"of 'vanity r and detested *\u25a0 great '\u25a0 social
.functions.- . But there > are compensa
tions in everything. 'Had hisdlslike of
ostentation- and 'display not been so
\u25a0'deep-seated,'/ the fortune which he left
his .widow would not" have, beep nearly
so Iars^BBBHBHBMIBBS
\u25a0 Rich and still beautiful and not at
all * puritanical. Mrs. Roberts might
easily haye r had the pick \ot half-a
dozen * peers.\ - Everybody : knows that
sbe'reJected'the^latt'Earl'of'Arr*n. ri22
On the occasion of the recent visit of
Grand Chief Clara E. Martin to Golden
Gale Tcqiple there was work In the Initia
tory degree by tho officer? and members
of the recently organized drill team. The
work was very well dono. Under good for
the order ihe grand chief took occasion
to consratuUu the temple on the excel
lent work It had done in the past twelve
months. She pave an interesting account
cf the order throughout the jurisdiction.
Supreme Representative Lily' Samuels of
Oakland, who instituted. Golden* Gate
Tomple a little moro than three years
«go, expressed herself as well pleased
vith the proguss the temple had made,
end Nannie Kuril. D. D. G. C, also de
livered a short address. After others had
epokeo Past Chief Lizzie D. Armstrong.
a\ bthalf of the temple, presented the
trar.d chief a beautiful souvenir spoon.
A collation was then served.
Subsequently the grand chief paid a
Visit to San Francisco Temple, where she
was greeted by a large number of the
irjemK-rs and many from other temples.
The visitor delivered a very eloquent ad
dn es and took occasion to compliment
the. temple for its ritualistic, floor and
jru morized \u25a0work and on the -manner of
conducting' its business. Jennie Handel,
2kJ. E C, as spokesman for the temple,
presented the crand chief a reminder of
the visit In the nature of a spoon em
blematic of California. After a number
of addresses there was a march to the
banquet hall, where all partook of an cx
c. !Sont supper.
The district convention of the temples
ot districts S and !». located in Arroyo
Grande. Santa Maria. San Luis Obispo,
Santa Ynez and Lompoc, held at the last
named place, was well attended, and was
very Instructive to all. It was held un
flcr the direction of Carrie Pratt, D. D.
G. C. Tin? opening and closing ceremo
nies and the order of business was exem
plified in a letter-perfect manner by the
olScers and members of Mission Temple
No. Oi). Many interesting papers on the
Rathbone Sixers and Pythianism were
rtnd. after which Grand Chief Martin
answered questions taken from the "ques-
U'jn box." In the evening there was the
Initiation of a iady aid a knight by the
degree team of Mission Temple of Lom
poe in a most creditable manner. The
convention closed with a banquet pro
vided by the KnigMs of Pythias of Lam-
At the ball sivon by Mars Lodge re
cently there was a voting contest for the
most popular Rathbone Sister, and the
prize, a handsome sofa pillow, was award
ed to Mrs. Jennie Handel of San Fran
cisco Temple. The members now feel that
San Francisco No. 11 is the most up-to
da;-. wide-awake, fully alive and banner
tei.Tjl-- of the district.
Olympic Temple of Grass Valley recent
ly j;avo a sheet and pillow case party,
for members only. Eighteen of these
formed in procession around the hall dis
guised with sheets and pillow cases. The
others guessed who tne maskers were.
Mrs. Florence Fox won the prize offered,
having discovered the identitj- of ,«even
of the maskers. This temple recently
paid a surprise visit to Mrs. Mary Dun
eta n, one of its members, who for some
time has not been able to attend the
meetings on account of an accident. . A
very pleasant evening was spent.
Order Eastern Star.
In the presence of a large audience in
Franklin Hall, on Fill more street, the
ofiicers of King Solomon Chapter who
are to serve for the current term were
installed by retiring Matron Ida
Beatrice Spence, district deputy grand
matron for this city, assisted by Past
Matron' Jane Dawson as marshal and
Grand Chaplain George L. Darling. The
ceremony was conducted in an impres
sive and charming manner. The lady
officers installed were all attired in
beautiful gowns and the ladies of the
central star presented a very pretty
appoarance, each attired in a Grecian
gown, fastened with a girdle of the
color of the point to which she was
appointed. The proclamation of instal
lation was followed by the presentation
of a magnificent jewel to Mrs. Spence,
the retiring matron, indicative of her
rank in the order. She was also pre
eenu-d a handsome clock by the of-
Jiccrs of the chapter who served with
her during the term she held office, and
from tue retiring patron she received a
grold neck chain, while the points of the
etar presented her an ornamental urn.
The patron, E. J. Clark, was presented
a diamond-set watch fob and a token
was presented to the installing marshal,
Mrs. Dawson, and one to Ruth Grace
Botcher, the organist. The retiring
matron in expressing her thanks to
those who had assisted her during the
year said that she could not part with
those who had been the points of the
Btarj without giving a token of. ree<jg-_
nition; so to each she gave a souvenir
pin. The ceremonies of the evening
were followed by dancing- for two
hours. The officers for the current year
arc: Jennie Cavanaugh, worthy matron;
Franklin F. Ralston, worthy patron; Jo
erphine. M- Cleve, associate matron;
Martha E. Blade, secretary; Lydia A.
Sannders. treasurer; Metta Wolpmann.
conductress; Jessie S. Clark, associate
conductress; Dr. Clarence C. . Bakpr,
chaplain; Ida Beatrice Spence, marshal;
Marguerite BlaSsdell, organist; ' Lydia
Siarie Miller, warden; Mary H. Lewis
of Golden Gate Chapter, sentinel;.Lillle
K. Zimmerman, Adah; Bcall J. Van Pat
°ten, Ruth; Elsie Jacobs, Esther; Selina
Adele Bucscher, Martha; Ella Croft,
lilecta. During- the installation the
vocal music was by the Knickerbocker
Male Quartet-and there was an innova
tion which was most acceptable to all:
It was tho singing by the quartet of
old-time southern melodies. which
ppr\Vd to set off the more solemn mu
sical numbers.
The officers of Harmony Chapter, O.
E. S.. wero installed in the presence of
a' very large number of people in Golden
Gate Hall on the second Friday in the
current month. The installing officer
was May Frances Carter, the retiring
matron, assisted by Rose Robb. as mar
shal and Marie Moulter as chaplain.
The officers for the current term are:
Carrie Louise Lucas, matron; Frederick
Ludwig Hanscn, patron: Erailte Harret
Crackborn, associate matron; # Kva May (
Garrison, secretary (re-elected); lone
Mori, treasurer; Estelle May Leland.
conductress; Emma Charlotte Krone,
associate conductress; Ella Moulthrop,
Nella. Robinson Hart, Georgiana Caplea.
Llzette Wetjen and Queenie Beatrice
Leithead, points of the star; Josie Bell,
•warden; Annie Elizabeth Agatha Emer
son, sentinel; Belle Love, chaplain; Min
nie Morrill Blair, marshal, and Alice
Eva Severance Schcick. organist.' The
installation was followed by the pre
sentation of a jewel to the retiring ma
tron, also a diamond ring, the former
from the chapter And the latter from a
friend. A handsome table lamp was
presented to retiring Patron Richard
con, also a cut-glass decanter. After
th« presentations there was dancing in
the lower hall for two hours.
The following named are those who
have been installed for the current
.' r rm as the officers of Mission Chapter
Order" of the Eastern Star: Lottie J.
Keiss, worthy matron; Frank S. SuelL
worthy patron; Margaret B. SnelL as-
Echoes from the Lodge Room
sociate matron; Josephin? C. Backus,
secretary; Ethel B. Warren, treasurer;
Sarah, E. Coiner, conductress: Emma J.
Stevens, associate conductress: Anson
N. George, chaplain; Katherine A.
Born, marshal; Mabel E. Ordway. or
ganist; Florence M. Holman, Adah;
Annice T. Foster, Ruth; Lillis G. Brafin,
Esther; Myrtle A. McDonald, [Marina;
Flora Kenneth, Electa: Raehael W.
Spence, warder; James E. Parmelee,
sentinel.
This chapter gave a reception and
ball in ' Native Sons' Hnll on the even
ing of December 15. There was a very
large number of persons to greet and
congratulate tho new officers, fn the
most artistically decorated hall. The
reception was followed by an order of
dances, fourteen in number with four
extras. Henry J. Thomas was the floor
manager assisted by active committees.
The last of the installations in the
Order of the Eastern Star in this city
was that of the officers of San Fran
cisco Chapter In public, in Elks' Hall
on the third Monday in, December.
There were as many people as could be
admitted into the hall, tastefully dec
orated, to witness the ceremonies. The
installing: officers were Laura Lowrle,
the retiring matron, assisted by Annie
C. Sorenson as marshal and retiring
patron Henry W. Haass as chaplain.
Mrs. Lowrie delivered her work, with
out book, in a most admirable manner
and at the close of the ceremonies she
was, on behalf of the chapter, pre
sented a unique Jewel. It is a large
five pointed star, each point in the
color of the central star of the order
made up of small gems of the particu
lar color of the point, namely, blue,
yellow, white, green and red. Within
rach point is the emblem of the point
and in the center a solitaire diamond,
pendent. The retirinjr patron, , Henry
W. Maass, who proved an' energetic
worker for the chapter wa.s presented
a handsome Jewel of tfie. rank of past
patron. The presentation of the former,
on behalf of the chapter, was by Mr.
Maass and the latter by Grand Patron
Florin L. Jones. Then followed the
presentation, on behaff of the retiring:
matron, of a handsome- token to each
of the officers who had"" served with
her. such being an examplar of her
skill as an artist, and then the pre
sentation of a crystal vase from the
retiring- patron to the retiring matron.
The music incidental to the ceremony
of installation was by the chapter
quartet, A. E. McMillan. Edgerton
Smith, XJKI. Read and R. E. Keene. The
new matron, Mrs. Lottie Rothman, has
been a very active worker • for the
chapter and it Is believed that during
her term she will do much to advance
its Interests and make .the social
feature of the order a very prominent
one In San Francisco Chapter. The
officers for this term arc:
Lottie Rothman, worthy matron;
Otto IL Fisher, worthy patron; Anna
Cattennole. associate, matron; Jose
phine Walworth, secretary; Karen
Miehelson, treasurer; Ellen R«imer,
conductress; Ida M. F. Heilfron.
associate oonduclress; Dr. C. 11.
Walworth. chaplain; Emma Hyman,
organist; Sue E. Peterson, warder;
Mary H. Lewis, sentinel; Maud J. Egans*
Adah; Carrie Mayers, Ruth; Marian J.
Hamilton, Martha; Meleta Teigeler,
Esther; Mary L. Slmonds, Electa; Anna
Williams, marshal. '
" Masonic."
The board of directors of the Golden
Gate Commandery- Company, which is
to build a new asylum, has signed a
contract with Ira W. Coburn;:for the
construction of the new comraandery
building for $92,000. The work will be
commenced immediately,. and from the
plans that have been accepted the di
rectors believe that when finished the
structure will be the; most, elaborate
and commodious Templar asylum -in the
United States.' ': •, ./
At the first stated assembly of Golden
Gate Commandery, K..T.. in the current
month several petitions for, orders 'were
acted upon: several 'more- were- pre
sented at tlie -.assembly., .on? the' 'third
Monday. This commandery. will here
after open In the long -form, and this
is to be in a .manner that' will be a
credit V>: the commandery. : ; . •
There was a -large attendance of sir
knights >n ; the occasion of "the "annual
party given by, the Ladles': Auxiliary of
California Comrnahdery No". 1, Knights
;Tempiar. in the hall of the California
Club. 1750 Clay street, on the.- evening
of the second Wednesday In December.
There was an, hour at cards as .well as
dancing and all spent a very ; enjoyable
evening: In the beautifully decorated hall.
The delightful function was admirably
i conducted by the committee of,arrange
ments, composed, of \u25a0 Mesdaraes Wijliam
| Crocker, president; R. W. Neal and P.
.F. Ferguson. The card prizes were won
by Mre. iW. B. Meckfessel and Mrs. H.
I Cd Warnlck,: • first . ai«l second ladies'
! prizes respectively,' and Messrs. M"B
Meckfessel and W. K. Fletcher, first and
eecond prizes respectively. -'
The progress of .Jewel, the daylight
•lodge of the Masonic fraternity. Is re
! markablc. and those who predicted that
it would be ' weak are discovering that
It Is making good strides for prominence.
The 'number of petitions that have been
presented is most encouraging to those
who brought the subordinate into exis
tence and the prospects are ! that* it will
not be long^ before it! will 'be 'one! of' the
very, prominent lodges of this city. In
this issue are presented the portraits of
the three leading; officers, the \u25a0 worshipful
master, senior warden and . junior t. war
den.
The following, named have been in
stalled as officers of King, Solomon -Lodge
for the current year ; by retiring master
Clarence T. Cleve. assisted by Past Mas
ter Roland' E. Hartley ;as . marshal of
ceremonies: Samuel B. Stevenson, w.
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER; 24, 1905.
M.; George M. Davis. .S. W.; Ira S.
Hobbs, J. W:; W. P.' Filmer, T. : Harry
Baehr, S.;'<R. D. ; Whiting, S. D.: Ed
ward A, Jansen, J.D .; E. E. Conn, M.;
Frank P. Simen and_ John H; Murch Jr.,'
stewards; GeorgeC.'Dawson, tyler.- Re
tiring Master Cleve^.was presented a beau
tiful Jewel of his', rank and he was also
given a cut glass service for Mrs. Clwe.
Hermann,- , the German lodge of this
city, installed the following named as
Its officers -for the current Masonic year:
August Busse, W. M.;. Otto Lemcke, A.
W.; William Eichler, J. W.; Deidrich
Uhte, T.; L. Schumacher, -'S. if twenty
seventh year, of continuous service) ;'Carl
Druhm. S.. D.: William Gereke,;- J. \,D-f
Fred Meneke and Victor- .Wolf, stew
ards; Johannes Reldt, organist, and Her
man Schorne, : tyler. The retiring master,
S. Joseph Thelsen. the Installing officer,
at the close.of -the ceremony, in which
he had been assisted by Fritz Gercke. as
master of ceremonies, was presented by
the lodge with a diamond gold jewel
of the rank of past master. The instal
lation was followed by a. banquet, at
which the speakers were: William Eicher,
Louis Muller. Fritz Gercke and Fritz
Hanemann: Music was furnished by the
Hermann Quartet, composed, of F. Mar
quardt. Herman Hackfeld, Charles Boch
man and Christopher Heintz.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Now that the appeal has gone out for
the members of the order to subscribe to
the popular loan bonds of the order, there
has been a great demand for such, and
it is expected from the orders that are
being received by the grand recorder that
before the close of the current month the
amount will exceed $24,000. The. money
to be raised in this manner'is for^the pur
pose 'of obtaining a sum equal to that
due the, jurisdiction of California by the
Supreme^Lodge relief committee, and the
same Is to be used in liquidating theiout
standlng obligations of this jurisdiction.
The San Francisco extension committee
paid a visit recently to Franklin N0. .44.
The attendance of visiting committeemen
was very small. Some of the members of
the Past Masters' Association were pres
ent.'*. r.'t ';-\u25a0:\u25a0:• \u25a0 . . . \u25a0 \ v'--": • \u25a0- '.;••\u25a0
Hearts of Oak Lodge of Berkeley hail
twelve candidates Initiated recently by
the team of Paclfic^Lodge.
Grand Master Dunton was in the south
ern part of the State recently l officially
visiting the lodges of that section. V
The joint .installation of the. ' officers of
tlie local lodges will be held in Native
Sons' Hall.\ This will' be exclusively for
the members of the order ; and will •' be
conducted; under the direction of , the San
Francisco board of deputies."'. As there | is
nothing in the installation ceremony of
this order that the general public ' should
not see, : many members of the order are
wondering why the board In ita .wisdom
has Been 1 fit ,to lose- the opportunity: of
having present many strangers,; who
might feel an. interest in the organization
and 1 might witness the'^ ceremony; and
learn something about it. V
At :a meeting of the Past Masters' As
sociation on the first Monday in Decem
ber A. -H. Grimshaw was elected
dent, J. J. Hughes vice president," Frank
J. Magulre- secretary. 'J. H. P. Gedge
treasurer and E. 'A. ; Smith financial sec
retary. During ; the evening there was a
debate jon Uhe : : Monroe doctrine : between
Samuel , Booth, - : grand receiver, apd C. T.
Spencer, grand , recorder, : the } debate, \u25a0an
interesting, one. being decided In "favor of
the grand recorder. t The' next debate will
be . on the subject of \ public ' utilities. V ;
_\ The ball ' given by Silver; Spray \u25a0 Lodge
of ; the, Degree' of -Honor, ln Mission Opera
Hall rccently;«was one of which, the
committee that arranged ,\t may 'well
feol proud. In addition to an evenly bal
anced •' programme \u25a0'; of I dances S there was
an exlilbltion: drill by' the members of the
lodge's drill. team. : which^was a great suc
cess," for ; the: ladies who compose it ac
quitted v themselves ~ ; in ; _ a ;_ manner,; that
speaks exceedingly, well .- f orthe attention
they have'paid to the; instructions: and 1
commands. : '• ; . \u25a0 ; \
Order of Pendo.
Supreme Councilor Tugwell of : the
Order of Pendo V went ; to 7 Aberdeen re
cently r for; the. "purpose of: initiating a
class , of -floventy-flve I, candidates.*;
! ; The f city" '. of;i Olympiad has ',the
month ; of November = sent ' In very 1 flatter
ing reports, of to '-. the-: supreme
headauarters. ; ;
;v; v- A* new subordinate : called Social j Council
"was ' instituted %at !j! j Tacoma^ in $ the I latter
"part'of November, making, the third coun
cil In- that cltyr;*-v : '. " : ,^.
~l'- The new/ council! at vwillits. , recently ln^
> stituted with thirty-three: membeVa; re-
OFFICERS Of A - MASONIC : IXSDGE
AND MATROV OF : SAN- FBAN
CISCO CHAPTKR. O. E. ;S. >
ports prospects of. an Increase in mem
bership before the close of the year. '
The council In Petaluma added twenty
eight to its membership last week.
The San Francisco' campaign commit
tee has had a deputy,- appointed 'for each j
council to nssist It ! in the extension now
In hand. ,. Eachof these deputies has been
commissioned ' as an organizer.' , \u25a0<- \u25a0 '
A new council' ls'*belng \u25a0 organized in
new territory 'in . Washington^
Home Council is making arrange
ments to give a minstrel -show, on a
largo scale about the middle of next
January. ,
, On December 9 fifty, candidates were
admitted by initiation Into the council
at Aberdeen and at the following meet-
Ing forty more. . '
' . Mrs.; John A. Dillion nnd- Mrs.. John-
McCarthy of ITumboldt' Council; Eure
ka, were' in this' city "last week and
\u25a0 visited a number, of the local' councils.
California Council -will have"; a' grand
Raffles party on the evening of Jan
uary i.
There is to be. a competitive drill Jn
San Jose next; February for the. Su
preme Council trophy. •
Order of Ben Hur.
• Mizpah Court of the Order of Ben Hur
on the first Monday In December gave a
party, in tho Odd Fellows' building which
was one of, the] most enjoyable of -the
many., social functions this subordinate
court of the order, has , ever, given. , There
were present many /guests 1 of UheMnem
bers,'.".who were \u25a0. delightfully .e ntertained.
After 1 the' programme . there fwasfdanclng
for .nearly: two hours, and' the serving, of
a. collation. '.v. ":'•: . \u25a0•, .• '\u25a0^." ;N '_ 0 ; . ••• :;.
.Mission Tribe, gave a most: enjoyable
party, in Excelsior. : Hall •: recently, 1 ; which
was attended by about a hundred and fifty
persons. ; Alter ; the s programmeHhere ,,was
dancing for two hour^under.the manage
ment of. PastChlef Woodall.v: This < tribe
is still doing wellin the line of Initiations.'
Seven; Pines Circle.
• Seven Pines Circle of , the Ladles of the
Grand" Armyjoff the'; Republic .was^offl-"
cially ; inspected in the : : Red " Men's "ibuild
ing "-recently \u25a0;: by ; Department * Senior
{Vice f; ; President ;; Marion » 4 y Kyle; : She
commended .the 'ritualistic, \u25a0'work and
;-thc;-.'.v" manner.;/--'. InJ.--' which ;. ; the:;V"ac-^
counts of ; the v treasurer ; were ? kept. 1 This
was \u25a0 also . the - official visit iof | Department
President ; Annie ': E. \u25a0 Kre'bs I and « her 1 staff."
"Alter., the work of ; the ,- evening t there. « was
a*, banquet • mi honor? of 3 the /^vlsltlnc-f 6ffl-l
cials, and" following' the 'supper.. 1 there\was
axi_. hour, of ' speechmakinc. The.'';depart
ment A president : gave cah 1 1nteresting lac^
count ? , of her: recent^, visit | tolthesouthenT
partTof Uhe }j State; 4 " and Y told Jof i the '; lnter^
estthat' is manifested ihroughoutUhe^enr.
tire jurisdictiontlnUheilworkiof^complet
ing sValleJoClrcle'SiCottage Home at Saw
telle. She L mentioned^ the '/, Institution \of
a new circle -at 7 Mountain View/ arid ! an-
other/at Reddinsr. recently, ,the last one
Instituted : -.beinp. thcelghth since she has
held her: present position/ Other speak
ers were Messrs, and Pleruont of
the Veterans' Home at Yountville: Mr.
Bailey! of Georße H- : Thomas 'Post, and
Mr. Krehs. who { caveman; account of his
recent trip to Gettysburg. He. Is prepar
ing a; series of slides of. views of the fa
mous battleground and will soon use them
in an illustrated lecture for the good of
the order in this city and in Oakland.
Independent Foresters.
j On the night of the thifdj Friday in
December the guard of honor of Com-
I pan lon Court Golden 'Gate accom- ;
I panied by members of Parent and Com
! panion Court Golden Gate paid a visit
to Court El Cerito and Companion
Court Floral City in San Mateo. where
the two courts met in joint session for
the .purpose of initiating a class of
.twelve strangers Into the order. Among
those who were present were .High
Chief' Ranger Murphy, Junior Past
High Chief Ranger Stewart and "High
Treasurer Nash. The work of initia
tion was performed in a most ac
ceptable manner, the guard of honor
adding much to the beauty of the cere
mony. There were talks for the good
of" the organization by tho visiting
I officers and \u25a0 others, after which a sup
per was: served. ' .
The "junior past high chief ranger
was in San Jose recently and visited
tho court in that city. There was a
large attendance and a number of ap
plications for membership were pre
sented. \ -- . |
-The proceedings of the High Court
'session recently held In Sacramento
have been issued. They give In concise
form all that was done at the session
of thaf. \u25a0 body. \u25a0 . V
.During the fourth week in Decem
ber Junior Past High Chief Ranger
Stewart was, on a tour of visits to the
courts in this city, Oakland and Berke
ley to talk to the members of the sev
eral courts : visited, on the subject of
the new organization work for this city
and vicinity. . . V
.Companion Court Golden Gate dur
ing: its meeting- In the third .week in
December Initiated six candidates. The
parent court of that name in the same
week initiated nine." . .
Companion Court Diana recently held
an open meeting." To Its members and
friends It presented an excellent 1 pro
gramme of entertainment and It served
to' make the evening a most pleasant
one.\
wltis-said that Court Seal Rock will
have Its companion court ready for In
stitution' In a few weeks, possibly In
the, early. part of January. v
This court will have -a party In
Devisaderb Hall on January 8 and It Is
expected that it will be one of the
swellest affairs. that court has ever ar
ranged for. : At the first nieetlntf In
i'December this court had a double
.Initiation and acted upon! five applica
tions..
the third week in December
General Deputy E. N. Cameron paid a
visit to Court Solano in Vallejo. •\u25a0 in an
swer to a special invitation. After the
election of officers ' for .the ensuing term
there v /was ra " : Christmas tree party and
collation. S Past High - ; Cnier . Ranger O. S.
Cooper: was : the Santa' Claus of the even
ing.;:- At the meeting. Mr. . Cameron : was
called ; upon : and : he : delivered ' an address .
on rVForestry'v; and"; called, attention to
some Important" changes that were}made
during, the supreme • court : session at At
lantic City. .
. — _ »_ _
Odd Fellowship.
.'\u25a0'• President i: Clifton "of | the San Francisco
\u25a0board V of •* relief,, being; absent; from \u2666; the
city and v uriable ;to attend the "sessions
of; the" board, tendered : his resignation;
which "was .': accepted," and \u25a0 Emll . . Pohli;
"vlcei president,;! was 'advanced to fill 1 the
vacancy. ; H.vKV" Wolff and C. R. Holton
are 'r; candidates <for. r the position of f vice
president." The ; seleotion ? of .- a'; secretary
f or .' the j board •' wtll * not ; be ; taken .up until
the! semiannual : . meeting sln f . February
next,* -when \u25a0It will ;be determined '.whether
J.I- F. ; Nichols, 'the " incumbent, who • will
be J the'; next .".tax collector,, will be :In , v a
position ; ; to continue sln * the Jofflce » he ; has
filled «o 'well 'for; a' number,' of ;yea'rs. :
i;\ Charles', Oscar Burton. 1 , the :. oldest , liv
ing ,v past •: grand \', master ; of^ . the .:,; Grand
Lodge j; of V. and Mrs. J Burton."
celebratedi the golden; anniversary, of their
( wedding^ at H their j home,^ 604 ; Oak r street,
recently.;^ After, the* golden t weddlng cere
'nibnySby (Rev. f E. : R. ; D111e. ." past \u25a0 grand
chaplain of "the order, and^congratula-^
,tions,% there "was i a supper ' and ) remarks
appropriate to the -. occasion ;\u25a0 by -ilr. \u25a0 Ilar-
per of . Stockton, from whose bouse the j
then young couple went to be married; |
the Rev. Mr. Whute, Mr. Abbott and,
Past Grand Master Barnes. Mr. Burton \u25a0
became a member of Charity Lodge of
Stockton in July, 1852. The couple re
ceived a number Of pretty presents.!
among them a purse filled with twenties »
from the church of which the celebrants
have been members for many years.
At the recent session of the Grand En-»
caaipment that body voted a jewel to
Joseph Foster, P. G. P.. who was the
chairman of the committee on reception
and entertainment, in recognition of the
delightful manner in which the visitors
were received and entertained. It was
left to Grand Scribe Barnes to prepare
j a design and the jewel 'has been finished.'
It will be. presented some time In Janu
ary. The design is unique, and one of
the most elegant presentation Jewels
ever made in this State will fall to Mr.
Foster.
At a recent meeting of Parker Encamp
ment in Stockton fifteen ellgibles were
Initiated. The event was followed by a
banquet! at which were present the grand
patriarch, grand scribe and grand treas
urer. ; *
Arrangements arc under way .for the
initiation of a class into the encamp
ment branch at Eureka in a short time.
The patriarchs of Sonoma County have
arranged for a reunion in Santa Rosa on
January .27 of next year.
'After serving six and a half years as
superintendent and matron, respectively,
of the Odd Fellows' Home at Thermalito.
Dr. William M. and Mrs. Hilton have
tendered \u25a0 their resignations, to take ef
fect with : the close of -the current year.
They will -be -Succeeded' by 'Dr. T. W.
Prose, and wife of Woodland.. The rea
son for the resignation Is that the couple
desire. to enjoy a rest after. a, long life of
usefulness. . . . .
At a recent meeting of Semi-Tropic
Lodge of Los Angeles Grand Master
Phelys was present anil witnessed the
initiation of a large class of candidates.
The following night the grand master
dedicated a hall to Odd Fellowship in
Santa Paula. sgpg
The San Francisco Rebekan drill team
scored another social success recently in
the Mission Opera Hall by the dancing
party it gave. The hall was crowded with
a very select aggregation of people. There
was a tirst-class programme of dances,
and the menibers of the team acting as
a floor committee were very attentive in
the tine of duty.
The military ball given by Canton No.
5 of the Patriarchs Militant in Armory
Hall, on Golden Gate avenue, on the first
Wednesday in the current month, was a
very enjoyable function participated in
by a largo number of persons.
Tlje indoor picnic given by Loyal Re
bekah Lodge on the second Monday in
December was one of the most pleasing
functions that this lodge has given this
season. It was delightfully carried out
under the direction of Vice Grand So
phronia Cutler, who. has been chairman
of the social committee during the pres
ent term, and who has given the lodge a
scried of social functions, each of which,
to use a commercial term, has-been A
No. 1. In addition to races, games and
lunches at the Indoor picnic there was a
short programme. Mildred Ludlum gave a
reading: Miss Hohman . rendered vocal
selections; Lucile Stein gave a. specialty
song and dance; Edward Stein did like
wise; Sophie and Gordon Osborne enter
tained, with specialties and Jack Van Me
ter electrified the audience with recita
tions. This lodge will have its officers In
stalled in public on January 8.
The fancy dress party of Oriental Re
bckah Lodge during the middle of De
cember was a delightful affair. There
were many who were attired In fancy cos
tumes'and. added 1 much to the brilliancy
of /the grand march. The programme of
dances wat* -.well arranged, \u25a0 and all who
attended congratulated Mrs. Frances P.
Tower, the noble grand. In having pro
vided; such an enjoyable evening for the
members and their ; guests.
.The following named 'were elected offi
cers of Pacific Lodged for the ensuing
term: Howard Jensen, noble grand; M.
J. Duncan, vice grand, and C. C."Elsas
aer, recording secrtary. Charles R. Hol
ton': will ; ; at the Installation become the
junior past ; noble grand.
The indications are that there will be a
lively contest for the office of secretary
of the central relief committee of this
city., a. position held at this;»»rae by J.
F.'Nichol. Tax 'Collector-elect. A prom
inent candidate for the office Is A. J.
Doyle, past grand of. Apollo Lodge and
past president of the relief . committee,
who recently had -. the misfortune to lose ,
a' leg. and which had to be replaced by an
artlncial'one. His friends, who are many,
are striving earnestly to secure the, posi
tion -for jhinv on the occurrence of. a va- I
cancy, on ,the ground that he Is fully i
qualified for;the position and of past ser
vtces-to the.order.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge will have a]
Christmas-tree party on thenight of De- ,
cember £Sln it 3 hall in the Odd Fellows' j
building. * i
Thel Maccabees.
The identification smoker given re
• cently by San Francisco Tent of the
Maccabees.ln the Pioneer building was
a * veVyl- Interesting and successful af
fair.. There was In attendance a
large number of persons ,who had not
been In the tent since the night of in
itiation. They were Introduced to the
officers, -bo that In case of necessity
they:'co"uld be fully identified, after
which ; they .were y lnvited to. call ; again
and; make themselves, at home In the
tent; .This was followed by an enter
taining, 1 programme ..under > the direction
of < 'Sir ; ,Khights;M.':McKenna, J. -V. Mc-
Kenna, Dr.;R. Murphy,' J. Sampson, F.
Sampson and; M. Knudson. The .pro
gramme included : recitations. Instru
mental solos, banjo duets, monologues
and all of the highest order, for this
tent has adopted a rule that -nothing:
shall be-jriven at a smoker that could
not be offered as a feature of enter
tainment on the occasion of a ladles'
i night. The contributors were Mr. d©
Silva. Mr. Cavell. Professor Heidin. Mr.
ilurphy. L. McKenna. the Murphy
brothers. . Victor Kernan. the McKen
na brothers and Messrs. Kelly and
O'Brien. State Commander S. W. Hal!
delivered tin Interesting: fraternal ad
dress." A feature of the, evening was
the introduction of an English sport
called cock-fighting, which was pro
vocative of a great deal of laughter.
.Golden West Tent has elected the
following named as officers: C. J.
Stout, commander: 11. Cumminjrs,
I*-'C: . G. C. Freeman. R. K. (re«^
elected); C. B. Clar3en. F. X.: W. C?
Gilmour. chaplain; Charles Taylor. S.;
W. Menlennet. M. at A.: W. P. Deign -
ton. first M. G.; F. C- Kimple. second
M. G.: AY. T. Schindler. sentinel; O.
E. Montgomery, picket: Allen Strong.
P. M.; H. "A. Patten. M.
The Native Sons.
The following named will serve Hespe
rian Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West for the ensuing term: F. C.
Struven, past president; Dr. R. I. Moore,
president; G. W. Meirdierke. A. G- John
ston and C. E. McLean, vice president?:
James H. Roxburgh, recording secretary:
G*orge P. Theller, financial secretary;
James Hickey. marshal: H. W. Bradley,
trustee; Drs.- W. B. Coffey. D. T. Maht-r.
H. A. Andrews, R. T. Legge and R. J.
Dowdall. surgeons. After the election
James Rolph, a member of the parlor,
presented to it a set of altar flags. The
f.ags are as beautiful as any yet made
for this order. The stars are worked In
silk In the blue^ueld in the ' American
flag, and the bear on the California flaj;
is also worked in silk. The gift was ac
cepted In a neat speech on behalf of thw
parlor by President Struven. The parlor,
which has met for so many years on the
southeast corner of Valencia and Six
teenth streets, has been notified to seek
other Quarters, as the new lessee of the
building desires the use of the upper floor
of the building for other than lodge pur
poses. A committee, of which Janu?i
Rolph. who Is a prominent business mar^V
is chairman, was appointed to secure tem
porary quarters and ascertain if it la
possible to obtain a site upon which to
build a hall for the parlor. The commit
tee will examine several sites. The par
lor Is progressing favorably, notwith
standing the fact that during the past
\u25a0 term It has had many of its members on
the sick list and paid during that period
rmre tnaa 1630 in benefits to the sick.
On the evening of the second Thursday
in December Army and Navy Parlor.
N. S. G. W., gave a dramatic enter
tainment and dance In, Native Sons' Hall.
The play was the "Married Bachelor.'*
which was staged under the personal
management of Henry Leffermann.
The next entertainment to be given by
the Native Sons' literary and social com
mittee will be next Wednesday night, in
Native Sons' Hall. It will be the general
committee night and It Is expected that
it will be the greatest entertainment of
the season." The bill will be made "up oC
a screaming three-act farce, entitled "Thw
Arabian Nights." with first-class special
ties* between each act. The performance
la scheduled for 8:15 and the dancing an
hour and a quarter later. The committee
announces that . "all who attend will
laugh— if they want to, and if. they don't
want to. they needn't"
Lincoln Annuity Union.
— \u25a0 \u25a0
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 of ths
Lincoln Annuity Union has elected the
following named members as officers for
the ensuing term: Marthji A. Olsen, past
speaker: G. W H. Probert. speaker: Dr.
JC. H. Wilson, vice speaker: A. ML Talt.
clerk: G. B. Tulley, cashier; Mrs. > ,
Schnidewinrt. chaplain; A. M. Hall, ser^
geant: Martha A. Laumann. inner door-r
keeper: Mary C. Probert. outer door
keeper; Rose Gill, trustee, and Ada I.ou
don. organist. This assembly will jcivo
a Christmas entertainment, with grab
; bajr attachment, in Danvm Hall. Reil
Men's building, on the night after Christ
mas.
The assembly at Santa Rosa initiated
several candidates at Its session in th»
first week in December.
San Jose not only reports good prog
ress, but that there has not been a sus
pension during the year.
California Assembly had a novelty In
Scandia Hall last week In the nature of
a cabbage party.
Royal Arcanum.
The local councils of the Royal Arca
num during the early part of the current
month have been occupied in the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing term. The
excitement caused by the readjustment
of rates has settled down, and after a
calm consideration of the situation It has
been discovered that It was "all for the
best." A review of the rosters of the
councils* in the jurisdiction of Califor
nia shows that each has suffered but a
very small loss In membership.
Argonaut Council has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for an entertainment
to be given in aid of a member whose
family is In distress. The committee con
sists of J. I. Macks, Fred Head. M. S>_
de Roco. T. Banks and J. J. Sllvey *
The Grand Council of the order has
appointed a general committee on vis
itations whose duty It shall be to visit
the councils during the year and en
courage the members to renewed
action. The general committee has
been divided into the northern anil
southern division, the former under th»
chairmanship of Gus Gunzendorfer of
'Buena Vista Council. P. G. R.. and tha
latter In charge of Fred S. Thomas ot
Los Angeles. G. V. R. Each division
Is divided Into subcommittees and eacn
has a council to visit on a fixed date.
The Amaranths.
Crescent Court of the Exalted De
gree of Amaranths has elected the
following named as its officers for tha
ensuing terra: Josephine T. Glove,
royal matron: Dr. Frank Neubauer.
royal patron: Elizabeth Coleman, as
sociate matron; Olive C. Wood, sec
tary: Antoinette SUaw , treasurer:
Leila Baehr. conductress, and Sarah
M. Steele, associate conductress. These
officers and those to be appointed by
the royal matron will be installed on
the night of January 12.
Woodmen at Whist.
During: the first week of December Mis
sion Camp of the .Woodmen of. the World
bad a whist ; tournament for . members
and ladies in the Kr.ling building. TU*ro
was a good number of -both sexes pr,^..
ent. and it proved a very pleasant af
fair. The serving of light refreshments
followed the tournament. The affair
was admirably conducted under the su
pervision of E. C. Moss, W. W. Curnow
and IL C Uazelriss. •With The Players And The Music Folk
Long time we have been hearing of
Alice Xielsen in grand ooera, little Alice
Nielsen, who used to do "bits" at the
Tivoli, and finally emerged to fame in a
charming Satanella. It was after that
that the Bostonians got hold of the young
Californian, who made a stir all through
comic opera land in "The Singing Girl"
and "The Fortune Teller." But this did
not content Miss Nielsen. Rumors, at
t lirst Incredulously received, came along
as to the little singer's intention to ad- j
• venture into grand opera. Mancinelli
himself was said to have advlsed^her to j
the step. One heard of her then at Rome, j
her voice in charge of Henry Russell, the
famous maestro of singing, upon whom
the Saint Cecilia Society of Ronw be
stowed the only degree ever jriven to a
foreigner. In Naples one heard of her
again, singing in "Don Pasquale." in |
. which she sings here on Tuesday night. ]
it was said with success. Like word came
.•ifterward from Milan. Then London.
1 !\u25ba Miss Nielsen's success in London, in
particular, as Zcrlina in "Don Giovanni,"
seems to have been unquestioned. The
freshness and purity of the voice, its easy
production, the charm and piquancy of j
' -the little singer's acting, were, all sub
jects of the most favorable comment. Her
home tour, beginning in New York, has
• not occasioned any great furor so far,
the American critic, to whom Miss Niel
sen spelt the piquant little comic opera
<iueenlet, not beinjr di^osed to take very ,
soriously her grand opera aspirations, and
jealous, possibly, of the undoubted loss
to comic opera. On Tuesday evening Miss
Nielsen appears at the Tivoli. and a
house already practically sold out will
be there to hear her. She will be singing
against the note, still brilliantly fluting
through the Tivoli. of Tctrazzzini. But
also, the little singer will be singing
alongside her own comic opera memories,
and to an audience proud of her and
widely prejudiced in her favor— which
Perhaps scuare? the critical situation.
Mi>:s Nielsen's supporting: company is said
to be good, and includes Signorina Co
lombati, contralto: Signor Prati, tenor;
Fratodi, barytone; Articcl. basso: Rosa,
buffo; with Conductors Van don Berg
and BisaccL
The -organization is under the personal
direction of Henry Russell. Importantly
the opera will be again sung on Sunday
R afternoon next, which will give a chance
to those unable to get seats on Tuesday.
These will be Miss Nielsen's only ap
k There is nothing more like a "profes-
T:onal" than an amateur— as some one
has said of the honest man and the thief.
It has this week, with the "society" per- ,
• formarice of *"Thr> Merchant of Venice,"
been unusually difficult to tell them apart.
Even to the sacrificial playing of the Bas
*j=anio, with a freshlv-brcken wrist— Mr.
Dunn's record— the performance had a
peculiarly professional aspect. Naturally
Mr, Hotaling's Shyloclc, rather indeed the
* effort of the true debutante than of what
Is understood by "amateur." came first
In Importance. So strongly individual,
right or wrong, was the conception, that
one was hardly surprised to learn that the
nctor Jiad seen no Shylock since Booth's.
It was most novel in its importation of
a semi-East Side accent, and almost as
much so in the . frankly modern Hebrew
gesture so frec-ty used by the player.
These, setting Shylock of the race apart,
though occasionally perhaps detracting
from the dignitj- of the figure, distinctly
addi'd to the "local color." But Mr. Ho
taling's Jew has dignity, nobility, pride of i
race, in spite of its expedient servility.
!ts moments of cringing fear, Its heavy I
accent on the avarice of the character, j
Its cruelty. The detail of the perform- j
'ar.ee Is most interesting. The Hotallns
way of entering the courtroom, stamped
with a Jew's very reasonable fear of the
Gentile justice, for example. Is quite orig
inal. Yet It Is here the picture begins to
fade. The truth is that Shylock's mood
here is not one of fear. He is in his own
f'Ves an avenging angel, possessed of an
<>cstacy of hatred that casts out fear. He
is in no doubt as to the justice of his
claim— it i? "an eye for an eye." and as
Incarnate justice he sees himself. It 'is
this exaltation, this tremendous uplift of
emotion, that one misses in the Hotallng
Jew. Moments of it there are, but as one
v^nse surge to the peak of the catastrophe
*-no. This, all, from the professional
standpoint.
The secret in chief that is still denied
the actor is that of sacrifice. The per
formance was more compelling in detail
than in mass, suffering in proportion from
the too deep accentuation of the earlier
Fcence. the "Hath not a Jew eyes?" and
the following bit with Tubal, perhaps the
best of the performance.
It needs not be said further that the
Hotaling voice lent splendor to the part,
nor that the lines were read with admir
able intelligence. Mansfield Is still safe,
however, so far as make-u?s are con
cerned. The other Richard acted over a
pretty bad one on Monday night, in par
ticular the pair of Beau Brummcl hands
that Mr. Hotallnjr owns, amiably Innocent
of disguise, lending everything but illu
sion to the figure.
Particularly fortunate, again, on the
picture side was the cast in Its Portia, the
Ftately Hilda - Clourh. Miss Clouprh, In
flaxen wig and breeches, red cap and
pown, was a rarely pretty picture, and
lier sweet voice and clear delivery
added much to the performance. Though
Shakespearean drama is probably not her
rnetler, yet the young woman showed a
pretty instinct for comedy of the modern
sort in the last, act tffat would probably
carry her a long way on the professional
etage. Mrs. Gerstle brought another
voice., conspicuously beautiful, to the part
RECENT PICTURE SHOW FAMOUS SUCCESS
Like a will o* the wisp did the Pic
ture Show of the San Francisco Artists'
Society at the Palace come and go.
And its rather unheralded coming
<and its unheralding passing) has
demonstrated that San Francisco is
really quickening to the sense of art,
and that it doesn't take a calliope to
thaw attention to a really high-class
exhibition' of California painters—pro
vided the exhibition Is of convenient
location.
Even in the quickest of us there is a
dislike for the effort of overcoming
distance. It is a wise tradesman that
plants himself where people must pass
his door.
And with pictures the same commer
cial axiom holds good. Get your exhi
bition where the people most do con
gregate, and. ten toi one 3'ou'll sell.
Tlu proposition Is very easy- of eluci
dation — the bigger the market, the
better the chances.
The subscription plan exhibition, as
pursued by W. A. Leggat, has worked
out beautifully — so well that It will
p: obably become a fixed institution.
Bcheme has been explained be
fore, bnt it may bear repetition, . inas
much as it flavors so strongly of busl
ness — good business.
Subscriptions are solicited for the
of Jessica, with sympathy, sincerity and
intelligence to its interpretation.
Further of the cast one rarely gets a
better' Gobbo. son, than Mr. McKin-.
non's contribution. Hothead. Gratlano
was also capably done by Harry E. de
Lasaux.
John L Housman contributed an
other fine voice and one of the best
Autonios seen on the local stage, J."
Allan Dunn, the heroic Bassanlo,
afore mentioned, filled the , eye, and
gratified the ear and Mr. Rosborough's
ifOrenzo was as good. The mysterious
Charlie "Williams" also was a passing
fine Tubal and Frank Matthieu was
responsible for the adroit stage han
dling. Finally you could hear every
thing that was said and there were
more good voices saying it than I re
member in any recent, cast. If there
are acy more amateurs at home like
these oa«i would like to know them. '
« c •
One does not like to learn that one
has disagreed with Sir Henry Irving —
even when one is Quite sure that he Is
l wrong. Apropos, I am sure Fuller Mcl
\u25a0 lish will not mind one owning this, as
I it was he whom the disagreement con
i cerned. There were 'those of us hero
1 who did not like Mr. Mellish's Gratiano,
i and some of us said so. Sir Henry
I Irving did, and though Mr. Mellish po-
I tently demands that his "dear chiefs"
j opinion shall be reserved for my pri-
J vate regard, I venture to disagree also
] with him. Mr. Mellish's note aneut
j the matter says. "For my own satis
| faction I should like you to know that
i eleven years ago, when I was re-en
i gaged by the late Sir Henry Irving it
j was for the part of Gratiano that he
[ selected me from all the juvenile lead-
I ing men in London, and I remained
i with him for five years. • • • I
! have letters in my late dear chief's
j own handwriting concerning this, and
| containing unqualified praise of my
t performance. And, believe me, I al
| ways valued his praise very. \u25a0 very
highly."
Possibly it was an "off" performance
! that one saw — certainly Mr. Mellish's
! King Philip in "Don Carlo" as one not
j unhandsomely nor infreauently said,
' was a distinguished achievement.
REVIEWS OF MUSIC
OF THE YEAR. ,
A holiday gift that every music
lover would welcome is the Music Lov
ers' Calendar, one of the prettiest bits
of magazine making that has come
one's way. It i 3 the first of an Intend
ed scries of calendars, in magazine
form, printed by the Roycrofters for
the Music Lovers of Boston, and con
taining leading articles upon the year's
music of New York, London, Paris,
Berlin, by H. E. Krehbiel, E. A. Baugh
an, Louis Laloy, O. J. C. Lusztig. Then
Lawrence Gilman writes of the "Mu
sic of To-Morrow"; Baughan, also has
fascinating surmise concerning. "Wag- ,
ncr and the Music of the Future" — our
future, not the master of TBayreuth's;
Victor Herbert has a significant word;
Jacques Hartog "appreciates" Julius
Rontgen, whose rays are creative
.chiefly but importantly, also, interpre
tative, this chieiiy in chamber music,
of which the pianist is a .magnificent
exponent; Louis Laloy "biographs" Vin
cent dU^dy; Otto Winter Hjelm writes
of Agathe Backer-Grondahl; there - is
Henry F. Gilbert on Arthur Foote and
Arthur Farwell; Louis C. Elson on Ed
ward C. MacDowell and George W.
Chadwick; and book reviews.
Two highly interesting cadenzas to
the first and third movements of Beet
hoven's G major Piano Concerto, com
posed by Julius Rontgen, are not the
least unique of the magazine features,
and lastly, an excellent series of por- :
i traits of most of the folks mentioned is
! included. Almost every article ,Is In
j itself a reason for getting the - maga
i zinc. and its get-iip yet another. No
j music lover who lacks a friend with
! sufficient sense to send him the calen
dar can afford to keep half a dollar and
go without it.
Air. Baughan's article on the musical
i conditions in London is by long odds
I the most significant. Particularly » Is
! this true of the glimpse it affords of the
concert-giving situation In the me
tropolis. These are of the things Mr.
• Baughan has to say here:
i "The artists who draw paying audi-
I ences in London can be counted on the
• fingers of one's hand. The. rest play
| and sing here because London
|is a recognized musical center with
a competent and honest press, and an
artistically successful debut in London
may mean financially successful towns
in the provinces, and, perhaps, in Amer
ica.
| "The system of free concerts has de
| moralized the musical world. * * •
I The excess of concerts has had the ef
| feet of creating the chronic deadhead.
: If a paying audience cannot be found
\u25a0the concert-agent must fill his hall in
some fashVm or others. The best of
| the agents manage to attract an audi
| ence of musical deadheads, an audience
i which includes a number of well-
J known professional men and "women,
and it ia conceivable. that a new artist
may find them useful as peripatetic ad
j vertlsers."
Of the "weird procession of ill-dress
ed and'palpably .unmusical people" that
the inferior agents get together as
audiences Mr. Baughan then speaks.
Here Is his further, temptation to Lon
don concert giving:
| "The effect of this free concert busl-
show from lovers and promoters : of
art, said subscription to be the . pur
chase price of any picture In the , ex
hibition that is quoted at the sum
subscribed. For instance, A Bub
scribes J2O to the enterprise. When
the. show opens A hunts round for the
best $20 picture in v the gallery, and
finding one to his fancy, puts his fin
ger on it. Then one of the reception
committee hangs upon it the thrilling
word "Sold," whereupon three people
grow happy — Mr. A, • the artist and
Mr. Legga't.
The exhibition that opened on Mon
day night and closed Wednesday was
far and away the best of Its kind? that
has been held. In fact, it sets a stand
ard whereby San Francisco, has a
right to demand of her artists only
the best they can give.
It is only .by discouraging loose,
sloppy work that conscientious paint
ers may . progress. Indiscriminate
praise retards the progression of .those
who get It and those who don't— for
it encourages the latter to lower their
standards. \u25a0///
In the recent show the work was re
markably even. A few / / abnormal
thing's crept in.but. they, were but: tiny
blots on the'marble, and not enough to
worry about.
Among the painters and Illustrators
who exhibited were: Henry v Raschen,"
C/ p.: Neilson, H. W., Hanaen, Gluseppi
Cadenasso, - Joseph/ Greenbaum,H.'W.
Seawell, G. Leslie Hunter, J. .W. Claw-
THE SAN FRANCISCO iGALL; DECEMBER, 24, j> 1905.
MEMBEK OF THE TIVOLI OPERA COMPANY. NOW APPEARING IN- THE CHRISTMAS SPECTACULAR PERFORMANCE, "OR
PHEUS IN: HAt»I3S." AND WHO WAS GIVEN A CORDIAL. RECEPTION. IN "ROB ROY. V IN WHICH SHE RECENTLY
TOOK A LEADING ROLE. = ' •• \u0084 i ." -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:.- ,- .
j ness can be easily Imagined. Concerts;
! become a drug on the market and- the
I very people who might pay to hear mu
| sic are able to get so much for nothing
I that to buy a ticket would seem 'to
j them a clear sign of mental dcteriora
j tion. * •" • Things, have come .to
! such a pass that It is hardly an exag-:
! geration to say that concert agents, will
j soon have to pay their audiences."
I . Ldloy's Paris stuu. Is also curiously In
teresting. M. ~.aloy is concerned because
I Paris has had within the last, year so
j much music. Because of this he says,
! "some of us are beginning to feel un
j easy about our composers. * * * Satur
i ated," he says, "with strange melodies
i and harmonies, dominated on . every side
jby genuine and discouraging master
i pieces, composers are no longer- able to
lls'ten to tnat still, stnaa - voice '.within
themselves, so weak, go delicate, so diffi
cult to hear, which speaks only at cer- :
'• tain --times and which, is called inspira
tion."
"11. Laloy is distinctly disrespectful con
cerning the ; recent invasion of the newer
! ItfJian school of opera. Sonzogno.has
j recently treated / Paris to season of
! Puccini and the rest— by the^way, our lit
tle' Berlindl earned all sorts of- laurels
therein for. her " Zaza and ; In "L' Amlco
Fritz." This is how M.' . Laloy . hears his
Puccini and Giordano:/ ;. ;
"Librettos' taken from the serials of
popular newspapers, trivial, Inharmoni
ous music, without -either ': orchestration
(oh Puccini!) or melody; commonplace
phrasing with indefinitely, prolonged ca
dences after the fashion of. sixty years
son, C. Chapel Judson, Theodore Wores,
G. F. P. Plazzoni, T R. H. Bloomer, Alice
B. Chlttenden, i Helen : E. ; Coan, i ; A. [ * W. .
Best, Julie Heynenian, Gordon Coutts, J.
M. Gamble. /Maynard/Dixon, /Xavler
Martinez,. W. Francis, Adonlea Fulton,
Maren Froellch, L.rP.VLatimer/ Harry
Stuart ; Fonda/ M.' Evelyn McCormick,
Sophie M. Brannan.M. -Del Mue,= H. G.
Peter, Alice * Coutts,. -Lou / Mersf elder
, and Mrs. Betty /Spiegelberg./.
After the" first- night /Bohemia/ was
aglow with the . roseate/ haze, of prom
ise. " \u25a0•-,;-\u25a0.\u25a0
On Tuesday the promises, grew ..into,
realities and the, jinglo /of /{coin— real
Christmas coin— made music in 'the
jeans of the artists. - \u25a0" ' • , -.
And a happy. ;lot they -were on
Wednesday, night, ;. when / Neilson had
ten ' sales -to. his credit,:Cadenassoi five,
and Joseph Greenbaum,| John* M.* Ga
mble, Henry Raschen^MaurlceVDeljMoe,
G. Leslie Hunter,/ MaynardiDlxon, Gor- ;
don Ross^and LVjP. ?La tinier "sharing . In
the wondrous'luck.'; . */'./ '. ./ '\u25a0
/ Conspicuously j.godd-rsome/ of which'
were sold and some not-— were -Evelyn
McCormlck's r - "Street A in;-/ Monterey";,
Theodore .. Wo res*. '•/"Ponclanaii'Regla,
Honolulu" : 'iH.-j/.W. ? Seawell's ;/• "Star, ~;.of
Bethlehem'.'^f-qulte / the 1 most j Important
canvas I have.hadHhe privilege ; of see^'
Ing • from , the *Seawellc'r brush :*.£ Maren
Froelich's -.."Carmel"; •/: Josephs , Green
ibaum's \u25a0• "Beatrice"; /John - M.T. Gamble's
\u25a0 '.'Popples,* near.- Lake '^Merced." //i' //:;/\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0
. ; a ".W. '. Francis, / Illustrator// and • a • mem
ber of "The Call art staff, showed*:some
ago; 'poor.accompaniments relieved by
the abrupt crashing of horns, cymbals
and bass drums^a real dentist' 3 orches
tra—such is the music .which is now ex
citing .- enthusiasm 'Mn Italyf. It was Im
possible to believe, before' having heard
these works, that any onft would dare at
the present day to display\such ignorance
and vulgarity , C!)."
\u25a0 M. CamlHe de Saint-Saens seems timid
ly to have/ ventured to disagree with
this "unanimous impression both of the
musical public and the professional mu
sicians." However,'/ Mr. 1 Laloy > jauntily
disposes of the bad Saint-Saens in this
fashion: '. • •
"No one, has paid much attention, to this
manifestation on the. part of Monsieur
Saint-Saens, ,who is the most capricious
and paradoxical ; Individual that . ever
lived.- There is hardly any opinion that
he '. has • iiot one . day ardently ' sustained
and the next bitterly: combated." Nay,
furtner, M.*"- Laloy ; tells M. Saint-Saens
that- his "music ..shows the- effects" • of
having touched this Italian pitch! Lovely.
But, . clearly, ' the 'Music Lovers'. Calen
dar is worth while? '
That was r swift honor that came to
H.- B. Pasmore, who- left here 'a couple
of months .ago. for- Berlin.'. Only**, two
weeks v after ~ Pasmore / reached - Berlin
he was offered. and accepted i a professor
ship /in the: -Klindworth-Scharwenka
Conservatory.' of . Music, \u25a0 one of the most
important of the Berlin schools. / With
Mr. Pasmore went from here his family,
; and a matter of nine pupils, who went; to
continue their -singing studies with theii
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
highly- interesting things; ; notably:; his
VThe Last -'Dobe (RufHno)", ' and ."The
Coaster.".. Henry Rascheh sold hisr"ln
dian On ' Trail" \u25a0; to .\u25a0 James , D. ; Phela'n— r
whichi is.^to, my. mind, the finest, thing,
the artfst ;. has v turned ..• outv In'; many
months., ; And .in this I .am sure Mr.
Raschcn : will- agree with , me. ' : Plazzohl
showed; some delightful. things, mostly
his Paris worli. however. '.'j'^'r
Jiiliel-leynernan holds, a' strange: pen^ i
chant— strange for/ a ..woman-^-for; ar- ;
;chitecturaT painting,, in which .type of
work* she"does rather well. A good
sample: r of It; was' seen in her / "Toledo
; Bpidge." : -'But give , me^her ."English
Field"/ in /preference. : A It" is; fresh, vigr
orous,v,fuil3of >the -joy 5; of. ,- spring^ and
highly/exprcsslve: = \u25a0
,-.. Maurice; Del Mue,.-. a:: member. of'-The
! Call art staff ,* presented eight canvases,"
his: "Spring Mornins"; j revealing,'a r iU'Xr
ture : of j mind] and ; a 'type 'of technique
thatvpromis.es ; much. for. the- future>of
the: young i illustrator. •- \u0084'. ';\u25a0 ,
'/'., Sophie 'Marston -Brahnan,; whose ?stu-,
j dlo \u25a0 is/ at ,1 014 * Page , street;' showed \ some
remarkably.; good ; things,- the \ trump jof
"which- was* "Adobe' in rMonterey."^;;X • *-T
Leslie ' Hunter fgave'a: good account
r off himself, :the\"Dutch'Luggers,','.''4'The
: Wlndmlll'Vl and ; r ','AV: California \ Land-
; scape'i' capturing aUotiofrattenilon. '/, /
f~. Dlxon's * i.Town -Crier" ".'shared>-.honora
/with fj his > "Navajo \Women V]Bathlng','- r -
Jthough^they.fcanfhardly,>be^mentloned
• in v the I same' breath. ?\u25a0 In \u25a0; the : - first-/ ca ri-j
vas-; the/young :• cowboy.. • painter ,'.' has
found'-the highest expression of -his iart
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
master, and all of whom have now en
tered the / Klindworth-Scharwcnka Con
servatory. The Continental Times, pub
lished in Berlin, from which the foregoing
facts are gleaned, says of Mr. Pasmore' s
pupils that \"the conservatory is high in
its praise ', of their musical equipment."
One may quite shortly expect to hear
news of .the "Pasmore eirls, who are con
tinuing their studies in chamber music,
in ; which 'they, did such admirable" work
here.
Interestingly, another Californian, Ed
gar Stillman Kelley, is a member of the
Kilndworth-Scharwenka faculty, on the
composition staff. •
\u2666 • \u2666'
Little Maurice Robb, Mrs. Oscar Mans
feldt'3 clever little pupil, will give ,the
following piano recital programme on
Tuesday evening next, at Stelnway. Hall:
--\u25a0"Harmonious Blacksmith" (Handel);
(a),- : Etude, (b) Nocturne, (c) Valse_
(Chopin); (.a) Rondo Brillante (Weber);'
ib) Scherzo (Mendelssohn); (c) Papll
lons (Rosenthal); (d) Etlncelles (Mosz
kowskl); Concerto, G minor, Molto Al
legro con f uoco, / Andante,- Presto" (Men
delssohn).
Calve, first of the visiting singers of the
new year. It seems .will give only one con
cert. The j kind of ; thing Calve will sing
can" be l seen > from Cthe '- following pro
gramme,.; arias all, but the encores, ac
cording to > account, include lieder In all
tongues. The assisting company Includes
some .well-known names. Here is the
programme:
—but that's ' no slam at his nude ladies.
.C. Chapel Judson, studio , at 420
Montgomery street,'-, was* well,', repre
sented,/ showing, twenty, canvases.
"Marsh' Lands" was my humble choice,
but.that- didn't do Mr.. Judson any gooa
- I—since/It's1 — since/ It's -money .that best expresses
appreciation//*-./' \u25a0/ \u25a0\u25a0 ':\u25a0}';: .. _
\u25a0:\u25a0', Harry .Stuart .Fonda evidently finds
time to',work/at, his easel down in old
Monterey,' sending a'firie,thlng/"Moon
light,", • to/ the / show. Without / the
sHghtest^suggestlon ) '' of V Peters; this
; "Moonlight" " possesses \u25a0 a : fine - personal-,
/ itj-/ till its own. Monterey; atmosphere
Is/apparentlj- v/caving its spell over
'Mr. 1 ; Fonda. ' v
;/ Gordon. Cou Us • (studio : at "714 \u25a0 Shotf
well; street):^came to us from/\u25a0fAus
\u25a0\u25a0 tralla/ with a: reputation as ;blg as'our
own Arthur," Mathews';'- Mr. Coutts oc:
fcup"yingsa^ similar \u25a0 position ; in * the .'Art
! School -,-" inrMelbourne-^-or was .it Syd-*
ney?/"" • >i.'-.": ' ..\u25a0'•'.\u25a0•=' . '--/ / -\u25a0\u25a0. * " =
'/-Especially' fond of composition, his
besttthlngs'in.'theUate show was "The
I Smithy" and "The Autumn's Golden
iGI earn." ••',".
"•'\u25a0"' Did"; you /ever ;. see a : canvasette?/ ;
'/ .That 1 Is what Gordon, Ross sent'to the
exhibition,; anditwo! of itheirf stampeded
'fh'e?'sho'w,:'!''Oak Tree" land ' "Plowing
.the, Sand" —both, of which were f little
.gems." '' / .: ': ...;..\u25a0 :
the Picture Show of . the
San ''Francisco. Artists; of the year/ 1905
-was'astupendous success, with " ; buf one
- regret ?.to^ mar; -Its ; ' scutcheon— that it
i .'didn't " continue for, a week.
Flute/: and ...piano, -il.- Fleury ' -. arm \
M.iDecrdus;.ariaV-''O Mio Piccolo Tavalo" j
(Leoncavallo)^'. Mr." yon /Norden; .violin, ;
VZigeuherweisen" : (Sarasate). - Mile. ; Jea- j
nette Werrnorel;- stances^ . "Sa'pho". (Gour £
nod),*Mme. Emma ' Calve; "La Jolle Fllle |
fle Perth" -(Bizet),.- M/Bouxmann; '.'Since •
My .Lbve".~(old English),.- "Ich Rlef lm j
Wald" 4 (80hm). . Mr. *vpn Norden ; aria, {.
"Perle^de-Bresll"- (David), lime. Emma j
Calve; violin solo. "Romance". (d'Ambro
sio), Mile. Jeanette Vtrmorel: aria, "Le
Cor" (Flegier). M. : Bouxmanh; "Haban
era," J; from ;. VCarmen" (Bizet), Mme.
Emma Cfilvs. .' - ' '•'*' .*
LOCAL PL&YHOUSES
fWFOIt THE WEEKI
'\u25a0 .The 'theaters. are exceptionally inter
esting this .week, beginning with Nance
O'NeH-. tin; VAlonna l Vanna " . (Grand
Opera-house)-; -.-VW. H. Crane in Broad- j
hurst and .Dazey's .'new comedy, "The I
American Lord" (Columbia) ; Alice Neil- i
sen for a" night and an afternoon in j
"Don Pasquale" (Tlvoll); "The Prince [
and the Pauper,", by Mark Twain, at
the Alcazar ;.\and last but not least,
Robert'.. Fltzsjmmohs in "A Fight ' ffcr
Love" at the Alhambra.
. -.-•\u25a0; *•.».-•;\u25a0
It is \u25a0 for Xaiice ' O'Neil. to-morrow
afternoon at the Grand Opera-house, to
Introduce" to} v u3" the first Maeterlinck
drama given' here,; the "*.Monna Vanna."
Written for his wife,- the wonderful
Parisian, Gscrgettc Leblanc/ acted by
her In ; Paris, : this season has -brought it
for the first time to /American ken,
j with- the "prcduetio'h. by Harrison Grey
; Fiske:at;the- Manhattan Theater, New
\u25a0 York V.with Bertha Kalich in, the, title
\ role.: In .'New 'York <the." play- seems jo
j have. ••made, a deep dent- in the. play
going consciousness,: and Kalfch in it.
To-morrow afternoon Nance O'Neil has
her first; try at: &' hero cr anywhere,
and, whatever else it may be. her con
ception is sure" to be Interesting.
"The American Lord" promises well.
The central character- Is that of an
optimistic - yet middle-aged hotel
keeper of . Dakota, who becomes heir
to an" Immense"; fortune "and an English
title. ...Thecoriflict of his aggressive and i
breezy" Americanism -with English arls- j
tocratic, conditions Is the basis of the j
play. W. : H. . Crane Is said to have an I
excellent "opportunity^ In the name role, j
and. Hilda Spong.:who is leading lady.;
is said 'to be extremely attractive as a j
young Irish widow, who is the- Da- j
kotan's' joy and despair. Others of ,the ;
company, are George E. Riddell. Fred- j
crick Tiden,. Elmer Grandin, John Nes- j
bitt,-. Richard ; ; Pitman, Edgar Norton,;
Emmett Whitney, : George F. de Vere. |
Gabriel : Ravenelle, Harry Blakemore"
and Soldene. Powell. . i
It is children's week at the Alcazar,
with: a child chief In the enter
tainment. 'The- show — It Is. truly a
"Christmas show"— ls "The. Prince and
the Pauper,", with little Ollle Cocper In
the dual role. The' management prom
ises a splendid spectacle and the little
prince's adventures will be the beat of
the holiday fare, for the children. There
will be.a Christmas day matinee.
The Tivoli - has "also; handsomely pro
vided i for the local babe this .week, with
i the sparkling ". potpourri. /'Orpheus in
j Hades'^which. sounds like Mr. Gluck, but
j isn't." Itiis mostly Offenbach," -but a good
dfal .puri Tivoli," pretty, musfc,; "fun to
burn," and splendiferous settings.. All the
Tivoli . royalties are; in the cast— Barron
Berthald^Cunnlnghara,:Helena'Frederick,
Cora Tracey. George. Kunkel . and Teddy
Webb-^if :\u25a0 he IS; better. » The chorus Is at
Its - beautif ule'st. "
i ' \u25a0 .- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - \u25a0- •; ..•- -,•
I There will be a. fist-full of, art up. at th«
| Alhambra this week,- "Bob" Fitzslmmons"
I fist, and"" "A" .Fight ; for • Love" as his ' "ve
i hlcle.'.'f. Enough said. .-. -
• . ' * \u25a0\u25a0 " \u25a0",• "'.*'\u25a0•'-
The Majestic ; will wisely continue the
very handsome' and successful produc
tion of "If I: Were King" this week. The
Nellls,'- both seen, to .m uch 'advantage In
the play, will take therein their leave of
San Francisco . audiences • for ' a while.
!\u25a0 \u25a0 ..\u25a0\u25a0.••-.•\u25a0\u25a0•'.".
The . California will . have . "The Broad
way Gaiety. Girls" this week.
The . Ornheum : Road Show opens this
afternoon, and though the Road. Show Is
going to have- hard -work in beating some
of the "Vate -bills- the management . thinks
It Is gojng 'to do it. "Ye Coldnlal Sep
tet," presenting "An Old Time Hallow
een? ;:Meriar.'s trained dogs, in the canine
HEAD'- BY JOSEPH GREEXBAUM. SHOWN AT RECENT PICTURE SHOW. OP I
SOCIETY. OF SAN FRAN^SCO ARTISTS AT THE PALACE. MR. GREEN
' BAKU'S HEADS .WERE AMONG THE MOST ADMIRED CANVASES. [
problem play, "A Faithless Woman"— no
end funny; Jules, and Ella Garrison in
"An Ancient Roman" •„ Edward Blxley,
song and dance virtuoso; the Ford broth
ers and sisters, more song and dance;
"Winona Winter, the "Alabama Rosebud" ;
Campbell and Johnson. • comedy cyclists,
and the Kloea Sisters continue.
.>• • •
The Chutes has an attractive holiday
spectacle in the "Cleopatra Up-to»-Date."
in which Bothwell Browne and several
scores of clever youngsters will appear.
The. piece is handsomely costumed and
staged.'
\u25a0 .* t "' • • • "
The New Central opened last night with
'The Eye Witness." as elsewhere noted,
to a crowded house.
GOSSIP OF ACTORS
AjYD PLAYS.
San Francisco and tbo Pacific Coast will
shortly have their first opportunity of see
ing the famous Nethcrsolc. By a singu
lar chain of Incidents Miss Netheraolc has
been thwarted on several oeca^io.is just
as she was about to visit the Far West^
Once It was a change of managers and o*
plans at the last moment; once tho
"Sapho" litigation compelled her to can
cel her Western tour; and the last time,
just as she was on her way to San Fran
cisco, she was stricken with a severe »H
ness-and compelled to retire froni the
stage for a year. Unless something un
foreseen occurs to prevent it Miss Nether
sole and her entire London company,
with four carloads of scenery, will visit
San Francisco for a stay of four weeks,
when **The Labyrinth" and her repertoire
will : be presented.
• • •
; Nannette Comstock, than whom there
! Is no more charming or capable leading
woman on the stage, has been engaged by
Henry .W. Savage for the leading role
in Richard Harding Davis' comedy. "The
Galloper." supporting comedian Raymond
Hitchcock In his starring tour In this
play. T. D- Frawley of California also
has a role in this play, and May Buckley,
the talented comedienne. Is another ad
dltion to the ranks. Miss Buckley as
sumes the role of a cosmopolitan music
hall artist known as "The Human Fly," a
role said to be pregnant wltli humorous
possibilities.
•- • * *
They like the Savage EjnglNh Grand
Opera Company in Canada." Th» recent
tour has closed in a perfect blaze of
' glory, the receipts In Montreal and To
ronto exceeding those of any attraction
f playing these cities within the last twelve
i years. As this is the second time thi3
' organization has played this territory. Its
i reception deserves comment. So insistent
: was the demand in Toronto last week for
i an extra performance of "The Valkyrie,"
I It being sold solidly for the original night
1 previously arranged, the management was
i obliged to put an extra matinee of 'Wasr
> ner*s mystic opera. Next season Mr. Say
= age will produce "Siegfried."
••\u25a0 \u25a0 •
j Staid Boston "goes romantic" at times.
; Here is Henry T. Parker, staid critic of
i Boston's staidest journal, the Transcript.
! concerning Florence Easton. who has
! lately appeared there In "Rigoletto":
| "Then Gllda came, and a little whir
t ran through the house. A figure and a
[face with all the charm of girlhood; a
r voice that was all pure transparency and
I white virginal color. It was the voice of
! girlish musing and girlish romance.
I "Time and again we have heard Rigo
letto and Gilda singr their duet with tho
conventional excellences and the conven
j tional praise. Last night we listened to
i the contrasting voices of youth and age.
j and they stirred tip for the tlmo more
j than all the academic virtues of dramatic
• singing 1 . Here were tones that Imparted
! tremulous shame and quivering alarm.
I tones with a white flame In them. Gllda' s
i music sounded almost new and strange.
So Verdi had written It. So he' bad In
tended that H should be stmg. And w»
had waited all these years while prima
J donna after prima donna had burled It In
I their", full blown vocal glories."
\ But what would he say to Tetrazzlni!
Vera Michelena will be seen In the lead
ing feminine role of '"The Yankee Consul"
i when the noted success Is staged at the
Columbia next month.
George -M. Cohan, In h!s Immense suc
cess, "Little Johnny Jones." will coma
West early next year.
Florence Roberts is soon to Invade New
York in Paul Armstrong's play, "Ann La
Mont."
2324
Gayly Flows the Wassail Bowl
A YO UNG MATROX AMD TWO SMART MAIDS SEEN A T DOCTOR'S DA UGHTERS
"God rest ye, merry gentlemtn." will
Tins to the rafters of many a country
house to-day, while around the wassail
bowl the baron and his guests will grow
merry as of old— for know ye all that
to-day It is only the bourgeoisie who re
main in town to celc-brate Christmas — un
less indeed grandma be too old to be
moved from town, or there's whooping,
cough in the family. Of course, there are
mitigating circumstance s why some of us
didn't go to our country homes— but we
look mighty lonesome and unstable.
There's no gainsaying that the posses
sion of a country home lends to a family
an air of stability. The occupation of
one at Yuletide, surrounded by a house
parly, quick to the pleasures and senti
ments of the hour, is to-day the hallmark
of smartness in America, even as it has
long been in merrie England.
And in California, where roses clamber
in at our chamber window on Christmas
morning, to give us greeting. It is not
strange that the custom has grown— to
seek out the meadowbound country home
for the Yuletide pleasures. Rather
Is it strange that more people
do not go into the open, for there
•is golf, tennis, riding, mobiling, hunting,
boating, bowling on the green— but alas:
not roller-Ekating— to fill In the day; and
when the shadows fall there's the fore
gathering- at dinner, each full of the es
capades of the day, which probably is the
only port of dinner ever invented that
is sure to furnish every guest with some
thing to talk about— and slice it's most ;
liable to center about himself, i-ach diner
erisos with the sense of having been beau
tifully entertained.
Then there's the big log fire in tho liv
ing-room, with its umber shadows weav
ing an atmospnero of kinship and ro
mance, where the plain little maid with
a low voice oecomes a regnant beauty,
and the every-day cnap a knight errant.
Stories are told, songs are sung, friend
chips woven, loves confessed— sometimes
not wisely, but humanly— under the spellf
of Yuletide in the countrj' home, where
propinquity of genial spirits welds a
cable of magnetism. That is the essence
of Chrlstmas.\and its largest meaning.
Among those who are entertain
ing houbc parties at their country homes
over the holidays are the Joseph Sadoc
Tobins, the Rudolph Spreckels. Mrs. Fer
nando Pfingst. Mrs. Thomas and Miss
Amy Porter, the Russell Cools.
The Borels have hitherto played Santa
Claus to the people about their estate at
San Mateo, distributing, hundreds of gifts
to the working people: thereabouts,; and
who will, this year miss the visits of these
charming girls, who have perpetuated in
California a beautiful custom of the
fatner'e native land.
P. S.— lf you haven't a countrj- home
in which to quaff your wassail this year,
don't feel bad about it. You may have
better luck next. '
The past seven days have "been lully
occupied with these events:
SUNDAY.
Miss Elsa Draper, hostessat'a tea In
honor of. Mme. Margaret Barry.
General and Mrs. Charles Austin Cooi
idge entertained at a dinner in honor of
Colonel Cornman of the. Seventh Infantry.
MONDAY.
"Merchant of- Venice" produced by
amateur talent at the Majestic as benefit
to the Doctor's Daughters. 1 \u25a0 .-" '
Mrs. Francis Sullivan, hostess a« a box
party at the "Merchant of Venice,'.* en
tertaininsr Mrs. YnezShorb White, Miss
Alice Sullivan, Mr. and , Mm. William
Perm Humphreys and Carl Sullivan.
Mrs. William Landers; hostess. at a tea
at St. Dunstan's in honor, of Mrs.- Jack
Johnston of Los Angeles:
Wedding of Miss Caroline Merry • and
Lieutenant Samuel ;W. • Bryant ;at St.
Luke's Church.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, hostess at:'a;box
party at the Doctor's Daughters' benefit.
Miss Florence lye« entertained :a ; box
party at the. society benefit to the Doc
tor's Daughters. \u25a0 \ \ " • , '
Mrs. Emory -Wlnshlp gave a box party
at the performance of the' "Merchant of
Venice!" \ , '\u25a0 \u25a0
Mrs. Frank Deerlng," hostess at a dinner
preceding * the. - Doctor's Daughters', ben
efit. - . " --•\u25a0• ....... - . ,* "
Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenuon. bridge host
ess in honor 'of Miss Gertrude "-Van Wyck.
Raphael Weill, dinner I host preceding
the performance of ."Merchant of Venice."
Mrs. Charles Austin Coolldge, . hostess
at bridge in. honorof . the. ladles of the
Seventh Infantry. - j^BBSSB4HOfiHS(
Mrs. Giles B. Harber,"lunchebn
at Mare,' lsland- aboard s. the ship 7-Inde
, pendence, ; enter taining » Mrs. . 8. . . H. ; Ho-
THE S AN FR ANGISGO GALL, SUND AYi DECEMBER 2^1905:'
Calla. Mrhe. Underwood, Mrs. Edmund
B. Underwood, Mrs. Van AVyck; of San
Francisco, Mrs. Henry S. Gearing, Mrs.
John F. Parker, Mrs. Samuel L. Graham,
Mrs. George B. Ransome, Mrs.\John S.
Carpenter, Miss Clark and Mrs. Frank
Anderson. . \
TUESDAY. V ,
Mrs. John Landers., dinner hostess in
honor of Mrs. "Jack" ..-, Joniiston of Los
Angeles, entertainincr ten guests. 1
. Mrs. J. Parker Currier, hostess at an
elaborate luncheon :at St. - Dunstan's en
tertaining sixty guests in honor of Mrs.
A. N. Towne. airs. Spencer Buckbee, Miss
Marguerite Gros, Mrs. -L Walter Hedges,
. Miss Gertrude '» Palmer and v Miss Maud
Woods. \u25a0, • x
Mrs. William. Aloysius; Sexton, hostess
at a luncheon; in honor of Miss Lysbeth
Painter..;
'Miss Marguerite Barron, hostess \u25a0 at a
luncheon/entertaining eight guests. : ;;
Miss Edith. Bull entertained at a luhch
\u25a0 eon in the Palm Garden in : honor of Mrs.
I Arthur Barry Watson and Miss. Gertrude
Van Wyck,; entertaining Miss Maude
Payne, Miss Ethel Dean, -Miss "Merritt
Reid. Miss Edna Middleton, Miss; Ruth
Merrill,* Miss Kathleen Bull, Mrs. .Isaac
Oliver., Uphani, • Mrs. William. Perm
Humphrey and Mrs. Harry S. Bates.
The Misses de Sabla,. hostesses at a box
party \at the Doctor's Daughters' mati
nee, entertaining Miss Sidney Davis, Miss
Emily" Marvin, •; Miss Amy Bremer and
Miss'Leonore Bremer. .:': „ ' \u25a0'••
'WEDNESDAY. . <
•* Mr. and'Mr^s. Henry Edward Ilunting
,ton entertained; at'.- a : dinner-dance in
honor of .Miss Elizabeth -/Huntington,
Miss; Allen and Miss Margaret 7 Wilson.
\u25a0 Wedding of \u25a0: H.'j Raymond / Judah', Jr.
and \u25a0. Miss- Eva' Bowman at; the. home r of
the ' bride. iii Santa Cruz.
\u25a0 ''Wedding A of , Miss > Jean^ Downey \ and
Hugh Goodfellow at the home of tho
bride in Berkeley.^;-
Mrs. Eleanor' Martin, 1 , luncheon host
ess at i the St. Francis, entertaining
Mrs. William S. .'Tevis.% Mrs. William
McKlttrlck \ and ; Mrs. Peter _ Martin. :
;> James D.'Phelani hostrat an elaborate
dinner at »t her Bohemian* Club : in, honor
of Miss Genevieve ; Harvey. '
Wedding of Miss •Eleanbr-Briggs'i arid
Lieutenant. Hiram pM:> Cooper, Tenth ilnr i
fantry, at * the residence of the , bride's
brother, ; Lieutenant > Raymond : Briggs, j
at the Presidio. ~-'Msi§k GJSS^mB9BM&
Mrs. E. A very McCarthy (Susie How
ard), hostess at a teaVin her 'apart
ments at the Palace Hotel. .
Colonel Dan ' Burns entertained at a
dinner at the St. Francis in honor of
Thomas. H. Williams.
Lietitenant' Hepburn; host at a din
ner on board the Albatross at Sausa
lito. ; ..
' THURSDAY. '
; Wedding of Miss Maud Ackerman
and Dr. William C.Voorsanger in tho
Empire room of the Palace Hotel/If*
. -. s I'KluAi, -.
.-E.iM. Greenway.lhost at a Christmas
dance at the Palace Hotel.
\u25a0 Christmas dance of ; ..the ; -Valentine
Holt Society of ;the Children 'of the
American Revolution at Century Hall.
-- SATURDAY.
. Wedding of Aliss Louise Whitney and'
Harry B. Young at the bride's home in
Santa Barbara.' j
.'. Mrs. Charles O. Scott, hostess at a
luncheon in' the Palm Garden in honor
of Mrs. Roy McCabe. X' it
'\u25a0"\u25a0 Mrs." Warren S. Palmer, \u25a0 hostess at an '
elaborate Christmas ' party ' for ' children"
at her horae'inlOaklarid..; ' -
; Miss Ruth? Perkins,": hostess at a
luncheon at herhome on Laguna street.
Barring Christmas ; gifts, \ the »most
talked-of thing at; teas and ; card- wor r
ries is the perf orrharice -of "The Jew
That Shakespeare Drew.";;.
.Always a .popularjichap, . and. : well
thought, of for his personal as well as
his; financial Equalities by the; dear girls
and^ their ?: ; mammas, > Vpick"' V Hotaling
has-been swamped .with adulation- since,
his really-.masterful - : performance.' ;; No;
he, didn't tell me- so," but; the 'girls have.*;
V s ; And it bodes 111 _for 1 the. peace -of ;hi»'
bachelor days,; for even' the sturdiest' of
men.h ave *been xkriown UT surrender
under a; heavy/ siege. '\u25a0-\u25a0; ' ,
;But seriously, t that' night y perform^
ance lwas something f.uppn • which : our
border^town ; preen ;\u25a0= itself.;;; '.';Not
only; from ;the, standpoint; of 1 artistry,
but \u25a0: from ithe;>; panoramic : ? viewpoint.l
Likewise }from philanthropic %_ aide.'
for , many -thousand ; ducats ', werelturned
over to '; the Doe tor's 'Daughters M or] the
• soothing of the sorrows > of « the , heavy-
Jaden.'" -' • iK-:i K- :: '. "-' \u25a0'\u25a0'•\u25a0..\u25a0;'\u25a0 - : --''- : -
Such, stunning gowns have; not, been
seen I: in i, a » theater -;• since". Caruso ; shook
the chandeliers atitheGrand.Opera;.;
: ' Among s the '.women f who '\u25a0\u25a0: were i par
ticularly smart- were Mrs. Clement To-
bin — one of the prettiest women in the
house, by the way, Mrs. Will Taylor,
Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs. Joseph To
bin, Mrs. William Cfuff, Mrs. Peter
Martin, Miss Alyce Sullivan, Mrs. Tom
Williams. Miss Bessie Wilson. Miss
Phyllis Partington, Mrs. Walter Mar-;
tin, Mrs. Emory Winship. "Mrs. M. Hi i
de Young, Mrs. Harry Holbrook, Mrs. ;
George Newhall. Mrs. Charles Dunphy,
Miss Alyse Warner. Miss Lalla Wenzel
berger,-Miss Mabel Toy, Mrs. George
Law Smith, 'Miss Maud SmithT Mrs.
Frank Kerrigan and Mrs. John Breuner.
And there were scores, more— some
hundreds . more, who were equally >
smart.
The Taylors and the.Tobins had a I
lot of fun with the house, in return for
which the house* kept up a continual,
assault upon the box. If some dress
.makers.didn't get some valuable hints
the day after from Mrs. Gus Taylor
and Mrs. Joe Tobln. then I'm slow at
diagnosing symptoms of "suggestion."
.. . : " • • . •
* Miss Brent Watklns, a clever Los An
geles girl, is having a beautiful time
in town, .dancing at the big; dances,
skating and doingithe usual things at
teas, . where .she is often accompani.ed
by Miss Grace Mellus. likewise a Los j
Angeles girl. I
The Greenway dance on Friday night
was, like his usual Christmas affairs,
colored with; the, spirit of Yuletide. • j:
\The dance was marvelously s well at- |
tended— but it's an open secret that
even the society- wearied maids and I
men'never cut this. f
Wheftht - it's the girls, the music, the
supper, the setting, or just. the aggregate,
.with the, Greehway: bonhomie, thrown
in.'ilknow not- But itis. a truth that >
precious few cut the dances.
\u25a0•;.,- \ '\'.. V • - *
From advices received. Mr. and Mrs.
*A.jW., Scott and Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall are greatly enjoying their visit
in Tahiti,. where they will spend a couple j
of months. ,
, With headquarters at the Hotel TUmi
the party will journey to places of inter
est. 5 ?As guests of • Mr. . Salmon, grandson
of . Queen -Pomare— and Incidentally.* a
icourtier.of/most exquisite manners — the '
Franciscans; will /see much : of the ?. ideal \u25a0
life, of these people, who 'have had the j
good < sense ; to reject' our so-called, civili
zation with- its perplexities and its qucs-,
tionable rewards. '. ;/
J, For \u25a0 some time past the time-honored
custom , of -:open '\u25a0' house ion New.
i 'day V; has ; fallen '- into a crevice k of - in
'; difference, ; ;t* probably '\u25a0\u25a0?. superficial, -tor
over \u25a0on theijOakland ' side \u25a0 a : reinstate
ment^ of ; that cheering hospitality. will
' ensue. •.',.- '"•.;.\u25a0\u25a0• - . '\u25a0 •\u25a0
At Arbor Villa, the '\u25a0 beautiful home of
Mr. ; and : Mrs. ; F.* M'. : Smith;', the j New Year
\u25a0 door.! : \u25a0 has •> never.; ;been* '. closed,' - guests t
1 streaming every year toward the welcome 1
; that i never failed. >•.;•* .'\u25a0\u25a0". >:\u25a0. ~.'^;, -.- .-!',- v .-*-. •.v. v |
> .^WithUhe-,i n co m| ng ; of 1906 there •willfbe ?
no \u25a0 deviation in '. the Smith : home, and add
ed • to- their greeting .\u25a0 will also •be that '- of
Mr.^and Mrs.- W..S.' Palmer.: who In their
home •; will ' receive both' afternoon . and
evening..; .
• *The iClaremonti Country/ Club i will < like
iwlsesound'glad^welcome7 to 1906. their
doors to be -/open from "2 to 5 for
Sally
Sharp
members and guests.
• • •
It seems fitting that the wedding of
Miss Emily Chickering should quickly fol
low that of Miss Alice Treanor, consider
ing that the two maids have been so
closely allied in bonds of friendship, j
Miss Treancr will wed in January, and .
the latter part of February will see the j
nuptials of Miss Chickering and John J
Trumbull Overbury. to take place in Oak- J
land's First Congregational Church. [
Several hundred are bid to witness the J
ceremony, which -will be surrounded with j
elaboration and beauty. For her bridal'
train Miss Chickering has chosen as maid !
of honor her sister. Miss Patty Chlcker- |
ing, with Miss Elsie Everson, Miss Lita (
Schlesinger^ "Miss Helen Moulton, Miss
Mabel Hogg and Miss Mollie Mathes as I
bridesmaids.
With Mr. Oddie. Mr. Overbury's inter
ests He in ; Nevada through the mining
districts, where ultimately both young
couples will make their home. In the
interim, much travel will be" accom
plished, Mr. Overbury leaving with his
bride immediately after the wedding for
a tour of the East and Europe.
7 ? -' • * •
The first rift in the trio of fiancees
will be made by Miss Margaret .Wilson,
who has set her wedding day for the last
week of January and will plight her
troth to Lieutenant Franklin Bache Har
wood in Trinity, Church. .
The event will be absolutely devoid of
all display and no one will attend the
ceremony but relatives and close friends.
An informal reception will be held for
the families and bridal party at the
Ihome of the bride's mother, Airs. George
Wilson, on r Clay street.
••'.'\u25a0• •
; Progressive and energetic Sequoia has
announced a gala production of "Twelfth
Night," obviously to take place Janu
ary 6.
A' rich manifestation of Shakespeare's
people within the cast will be .visible to
the attendant clan with its guests.
Under the jurisdiction of William Greer
Harrison, with the committee, "Mrs. Ellz- !
abeth Gerberding, • Mrs. Fernando ;
Pfingst and Charles H. Lombard, '^a
i memorable night will attach itself to"
others in Sequoia's annals. *
-.. • .' •/\u25a0•;•
The second private dance will also take
place within January's first fortnight, the
Palace ballroom to be the scene of festiv
ity. Mrs. v Edward Barron is giving this
affair for her daughter. Miss Marguerite,
who but recently entered upon society's
realm.", \u25a0 ' '\u25a0 -\u0084' \ '
', A large invitational list has been pre
: pared and a cotillon is- specified as the
; evening's ruling motif." with many elabor
ate details Ao .Insure the" complete hap
piness of all; the young guests.
\u25a0".;*. \u25a0\u25a0•- \u25a0"•';"* • > Z •',
Pleasure sits high on the horizon of
the debutante; world. which „ bids fair to
blaze with . functions in homage of the
maids, i Teas are- innumerable and two in.
teresting" dances . are near .by/
The first' ls. named for January 4, to b«
given by Mr. 'and Mrs. Frederick M. Pick
ering. at their -home on \ Broadway. 'The
two 'daughters of the house, Miss Rhoda
and Mlsa * Marie ' Pickering, * will • receive
theirs formal Introduction to society and
'will,} be greeted by all the^buds ;ot the
season .with a corresponding number, of
young gallants. , ;
VOne of the elaborate affairs will take
place on January' 2, when Mrs. Charles
Milton Pray will receive at a large tea 1
at the Hotel Plymouth. Since the re
tilrn of this handsome matron from the
East her friends have not seen her *o
frequently as they wl3h and the com
ing affair will serve as an occasion
both of welcome and felicitations tpM~
the season. v"
The dinner to Miss Genevieve Har
vey On Wednesday evening was an af
fair of brilliance. James D. PheUn. the
host, leaving nothing undone for the
pleasure of his young guest. The red
room of the Bohemian Club held sixty
guests, who were apportioned to tive dif
ferent tables, the center one. at which
were Mr* Pheian and Miss Harvey, being
particularly beautiful in its scheme of
decoration, red and sold predominating.
The others bore adornment of the most
delicate flowers- daffodils, violets. Cectle
Bruner roses and freesias offering their
dainty fragrance with the attractive col
oring.
The young debutante, who has been
much feted since her bow to society,
was the center of attention on this
occasion, to which were bidden the fol
lowing guests: Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Sadoc Tobin, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Ho
bart, Mr. and Mrs. Frank SulUvan. Mr. ,
and Mrs. Horace Pillsbury, Mr. anil
Mrs. W. Denman, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Driscoll. Mr. and Mrs. Peter Martin.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey. Mr. and
Mrs. George A. Newhall, Mr. and Mrs.
William H. Taylor Jr.. /Mr. and Mrs.
Eugene Murphy, Mrs. Eleanor Martin.
Mrs. Reginald Brooke. Miss Genevieve
Harvey. Miss Anita Harvey. Miss Mar
garet Hyde-Smith. Miss Dorothy Eells.
Miss Maragaret Barron. Miss MarjorL;
Josselyn. Miss Ethel Hager. Miss Alic*v^
Hager. Miss Ethel Dean. Miss Alyc«^J
1 Sullivan. Miss Laura McKinstry. Miss
Gertrude Jolliffe. Miss Helen Bailey.
Miss Edna Davis, Miss Frances St« w
art. Walter S. Martin, Enrique Grau,
Clarence McKinstry, Wharton Thurs
ton, Joij»phO. Tobin Jr.. Cyril Tobln.
Ward Barron. Percy King, Oscar Coop
er. Raymond Armsby. Dr. Harry Tevis.
\u25a0Harry SimpkJns, Baldwin .Wood.
; Charles Felton Jr., Edward Greenway.
Thomas F. Barbour, Dr. 11. J. Stewart
and Wlllard T. Barton.
• » •
The wedding of Miss Louise Whitney
and Harry Young took place yesterday, in
Santa ' Barbara, about forty guesta wtt- s
nesslng the ceremony at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Frank M.
Whitney. .^BRgS
San Francisco was well represented, tlie
reception including nearly 1000 people from
different parts of the State.
The -bride, attended by her cousin.
Miss Sallle Bliss, of Boston, as. maid
of .honor, also had bidden in her train
•Miss Amy Broome, Miss Florence Hani- ,
mond. Miss Claire Swelgart and Miss
Ida Callajrhan of Menlo Park.
Sidney Salisbury served the groom,
the* ushers being Richmond Toung.
George Broemmel. Eugene-Sheffield of
Treadwell, Alaska: Carleton Burke of
Los Angeles. Harry Butler and Stuurt
Dunbar.
:Mr. and Mrs. Young will soon arrive
in town to make their home with. Mr.
'and Mrs. Edward Young on Vallejo
street-, .
i *, • • \u25a0 i
"The wedding of Miss Jean Downey "a A^
Hugh Goodfellow on Wednesday evening
in " Berkeley attracted widespread atten
tion, for the prominence of the two fami
lies extends to the several sides ot tha
I bay.MANY IMPORTANT DEALS MAKE
REAL ESTATE MARKET LIVELY
Transactions of One City Firm in Total Are
More Than $700,000 for One Week
LAST MONTH OF 1905 MAKING FINE REALTY RECORD
The present briskness of the real estate
n;arket :s brought to view forcibly by the
deals reported by brokers in the last
week. Those of one firm, A. J. Rich &
Co., amount to more than $700,000. Other
large transactions have been consum
mated. The holiday week has not been
marked by trie customary dullness in
realty. The year IPOS will be a record
breaker to the end judging by indications
and deals in view that may come to cul
mination In the few remaining days of
December. The substance of what the
brokers report is given herewith.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold for Bernard
• Schwcimr and Mrs. Dora Schweitzer
50x122:6 feet on the north line of Post
street, 70 feet west of Grant avenue, with
five-story brick building rented for $13,
000, for a little more than $300,000. At the
end of the present leases the building will
be increased by the addition of three or
four stories. The same brokers have sold
the following properties of large value:
5>2x127:6 feet and old improvements on
the south line of Turk street, IS3 feet
west of Jones, for Louis Samuels, for
$110,009; from William Wolf to the Starr
Estate Company, for $90,000, 105x57:6 feet
on the south line of Pacific street. 137:6
feet from the southeast corner of Mont
gomery avenue, with four-story buildings
that rent for $7000 a year; from John
Roscnfeld's Sons and Asa Wells, 51:2x80
leet on the east line of Fourth street, 51
feet northeast of Xatoma, for $75,000; for
lldgar D. Peixotto to L, Choynski, 50x150
feet, with improvements, on the west
line of Sixth street. 175 feet southwest ot
Jiryant. for $25,000. A. J. Rich & Co.
have also bought for a client the Hotel
Edgemere property, on the south line of
Bush street, 137:6 feet we?t of Powell,
with lot 46x137:6 feet, from the Union
Trust Company, for J37,5n0. The hotel is
leased for eight years at $S5OO a year.
SALE O.\ I'K.HTII STREET.
Local capital last week bought the
north corner of Howard and Eighth
streets for a sum close to $200,000. This
Is the only vacant corner on Howard
etreet, and has been in the hands of
Pope & Talbot, the lumber firm, for over
forty years. The size of the piece is 275
feet on Howard street, running through '
to Natoma, where it has a similar front- i
age. with 165 feet fai ing on Eighth ;
street. This property, although belonging
to a lumber firm, was never built on. The ,
only use it was ever put to was for stor
age cf basalt blocks and advertising pur
poses. The old billboards are being torn
down and plans are now being prepared
by E. E. Young, the architect, for a large
modtrn structure. The lots not needed j
for this structure will be placed on the
market and sold in subdivisions. The
great activity south of Market street is
bringing buyers into the market who
want either vacant property that they
can improve or good solid buildings with j
J-Uady tenants. The recent purchases by
lh« Western Pacific Railroad at the foot
of EJghth street has brought this street
into great prominence and activity.
Shairm-ald. Buckbee & Co. were tho brok
tk who handled the sale for Joseph Sloss,
the present owner.
Uni'g & Lansdale .Jiaye jjojd fgr__WU
liam T. Wailac-e to a client the southeast
corner of Battt ry and Clay street, 29:10 1^x
GO feet, with key let adjoing on Clay street
25xyS:C feet, with a two-story and base
ment brick building.
Sag*. Dealy & Co. have resold the
northwest corner of Harrison and Lnng
ton streets. ExSO f«ft. and two three
*tory buildings containing stores and
f]ptß for J22.COU to John Rosenfekl"s Son? I
from Rachel Ilaerman. The property !
<rai sold to Rachel Baerman in the first |
instance for fIS.WJ by the same brokers. I
G. H. I'mhsen & Co. report among oth
ers the following recent sales: For J. D.
Sprcckels. southeast corner ' Twenty-first
and Howard streets, 127:6x243. through to
Capp street, with improvements, for
$46.<w0: for the Bartlett Estate Company,
43:1 0x127:6, southeast line of Market street,
ia:S northeast of Main street, for $100,000;
for M. W. E. BeerFinan, improvements
and lot on the east line of Sixth street,
75 feet south of Bryant street, 50xW,
with L 20x75 to Morris avenue, for $20,000.
Baldwin & Howell have sold, on prfi-ate
terms, for A. Downey to James A. Clark.
40x65, on the cast line of Eighth street.
id feet southeast of Mission street, with
Improvements of nominal value; 26x80,
southeast corner of Mission and Lafayette
streets, with two-story building of one J
j-tore and flat above, renting for about I
f»© per month, to Friedlander &. Hous
ton, for $13,250; to James 11. Lyons, for
J30.000. from O. B. Angell, 73x139 feet, on
the east line of Mission street, 221 feet
fouth of Twelfth street, with improve
ments of nominal value, renting for about
$150 per month; also 2Cx75, on the west j
line of Twelfth street, 275 feet southeast
tjf Market street, to Frank R. Grannis
for $12,300.
The lot on the northeast corner of Fif
teenth and Valencia streets, 100x120, has
been sold by the D. W. Carmichaei Com
pany to A. S. McDonald and C. O. G.
Miller. While the price is not known it
is supposed to be close to $40,000.
Minor sales by G. H. Umbsen & Co.
NEW YEAR GIFTS
; slXj rnster s
! THE QUALITY STORE 4
PRICES MOST REASONABLE
*
j fORWOMEM FOR MEN
Sweater Jackets..s3.."»o to SS.oo Sweaters ...... .$l.OO to 96.00
i ftiik VfiSts »1.25 to f 10.00 Jerseys $2.50 to *4.00
Wool Underwear. 50e to jti.r.o Underwear $1.00 to 912JM)
Shirtwaists f1.13 to «l 5.00 Hosiery 2."5 c to 50c
: Neckwear 250 to #2..10 Cnrdigran Jackets.f2.Ss to $<t.o»
1 ilosi^ry •-• 25c to STi.no Bath Robes , 85.00 t0 512.00
Bathing Suits .. ,$3.00 to g2.-».00 | Bathing Bults .. .$l.OO to »s.OO |
I FOR INFANTS FOR BOYS
Sweaters SOc to $1.25 Sweaters 6Oc to $2.50
Silk Hoods -•'\u2666«« to $2.23 .Jerseys $1.25 to $2.25
j Ki/caues COc to $1.50 Tennis Rackets.. .$l.OO to $».oo
1 . jr^inc Drawers.. 50c to 7Sc, Fojcirrg Gloves . ..$l.OO to $H.OO
Hootoos 2Octo ROe Striking: Bags .. .sl.r>o to $7.50
M it* ens " 25c to 50<r Bath Robes . ... .$3.00 to $12.50
I Rftuben's* Vests 25c to $2.25 School Pennants . . COc to $1.00 |
Buster Brown Jackets for Girls and Boys
SPECIAL $1.00 sizes 2O to 26
| IrIDSE. ORDERS h feeOjfV 0 /[L 60
| OPEN SATUR- $ # §).tfcl ' /I^W^J GEARY SL
I DAYS TILL • • « p
10 p.m. KNITJriNBCQ. \
• include the following: For R. A. Crans
ton, improvements and 25x100 on the west
line of Ashbury street, 75 feet north of
Waller, $11,100: for Julia M. Moeller, im
; provements and northeast corner Sanchez
j and Seventeenth streets, 27:3x110; for Syl
vester Pearl, improvements and 25x131:6
ion the west line of Shrader street, 125
feet north of Frederick, for $8350; for
James Irvine, improvements and 30x120 on
I the north line of Page street, between
Laguna and Buchanan, through to Lily
1 avenue, for $7000; for J. Frank Walters,
; 25x115, on the southeast line of Market
1 street. 255 feet 6outhwest of Koe, $5100; for
s W. W. Mackay, improvements and 25x80,
: east line of Ritch street, 75 feet south of
Folsom, $5230; for D. J. Sugrue, 25x90, on
: the west line or Mission street, 223 feet
: north of Fourteenth street, $4500; for Me
, hegan estate, improvements and 30x75 on
northwest line of Bruce place, 2s feet north
; west of Harrison avenue, $4000; for Levi
et al, 27:<5x137:6, south line of McAllister
street, 106:3 feet west of Scott, $3500; for
M. J. Tompkirs, 25x108:9, south line of
Waller street, 100 feet east of Belvedere,
$2250; for Mrs. M. Campbell, improvements
and 25x80, east line of Sanchez street, 114
feet north of Duncan. $2000; 'for California
Title Insurance Company, 25x100, on the
north line of Twenty-fourth street, 50 feet
west of Kansas, $1200; for J. Frank Wal
ters, south line of H street, 57:6 feet east
of Forty-second avenue, $925; for Spencer
Grant, 25x105, west line of Sanchez, 51:6
feet south of Day, $700.
F. B. Surryhne reports the following
j recent sales: Murphy to McCartney,
i four flats and 25x80 at 242 Clara street,
! between Fifth and Sixth, $3600; Gold
smith to Largente, four flats and 27:6 x
136:7 at 2755 Sacramento street, be
tween Spruce and Maple, $6750; Bland
to Higgins, on the west line of South
Broderick street, 81 feet south from
Buena Vista avenue, 25x115. for $1350;
Flannigan to Byrne, on the west line
j of Mission street, 160 feet north from
i Nineteenth, 25x80, for $4750; Hench to
Cameron, two flats and 25x68:9 at 714
71* i Franklin streei, between Golden
. Gate avenue and Turk street, $7000;
Perkins to Tamony, three flats and 25x
122:6 at 2119 Howard street, between
' Seventeenth and Eighteenth. $6925; Per
1 kins to Devany, three flats and. 25x122:6
; at 346 Shotwell street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth. $5500; Morse to
! Haas, two Cats and 24x75 at 30. Moss
street, between Howard' and Folsom,
I $3500; Morse to Kalisky, three flats and
J 25x80 at 1000, 1002 and 1004 Masonic
I avenue, southeast corner of Oak, $11,
, 000; Morse to Peterson, three flats at
j 100«, 100S and 1010 Masonic avenue,
; east line. 25 feet south from Oak, 25x80,
for $9500:" Crown Distilleries "Company
to Riley, house and lot at 2527 Califor
nia street, between Steiner and Pierce,
22:6x87:6, for $4300; Perkins to Mc-
Sheehy. on the south line of Chestnut
street. 192 feet east from Fillmore, j
27:6x120, for $900; Symmes to Brignar
defto, on the west line of Forty-first
avenue, 325 feet -. south from S street,'
50x129. for "$450; Cordes to Raphael.
on the west line of Folsom street, 25
feet south from Seventeenth, 25x100,".
for $2600; Riedger to Nelson, on the
west line of Upper Terrace, 150 feet
south from Sixteenth street. 25x90, for
?400; Kraft to Freyer. house and lot
at 2232 Pine street, between Webster
and Fillmore. lot 27:87:6, for $5000;
Douglass to Drucker. on the east line
of Twenty-first avenue. 350 feet north
from Fulton street. 50x120, for $1500;
Oppenheimer to Meyer, lot on the north
I line of Geary street, 150 feet west from
j Broderick. 25x137:6, for $1750; Sanford
!to Cancpa, two houses at 12341236
Jackson stieet. between Jones and
Leavcnworth. 32:3x137:6, $8850.
Sage. Dealey & Co. have sold for
Henry Wredcn tho northwest corner of
Francisco and Mason streets, (0x68:9,
and old dwelling*, for $11,000.
Sage, Dealey & Co. have sold for M.
E. Wickes to William S. Wells, west
line of Harriet street, 75 feet south of
Bryant, 25x75. with improvements, for
$43000. This holding on Harriet street
backs up to the rear end of Sixth-street
lots and is the key lot from Bryant.
Sol. Getz & Son report the following
sales: Lot 25x120, west line of Tenth
avenue. 175 feet north of A street, to
TiOuis Lourien; 50x120, west line of
Forty-fifth avenue. 150 feet north of S
! street, to T. A- Callawader; 75x120 s west,
lineiof Forty-seventh avenue, 17i», feet
north of S street, to Marie E. Perry;
25x120. east line of Tenth avenue, 250
feet south of J street, to G. H. Umbsen
& Co.; 325x120. northwest corner of 11
street and Forty-t-econd avenue, to P.
H. Jennings; 25x120, west line of Thir
ty-fifth avenue, 300, feet north of B
street, to Margaret K. Smyth.
MAXV HOUSES AXD LOTS.
Lyon &. Hoag have made the follow
ing sales: ' West line of Fourteenth
avenue. 175 feet south of H, 25x120, to
George W. Renish, $1200; west side of
Fourteenth avenue, 200 feet south of H
25x100, to William Cox, $1100; two ad
joining lots on the south to Angus Mc-
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. DECEMBER 1905.
Millan and Edwin L. Dunlap at th»
same figures; west side of Fourteenth'
avenue, 225 feet north of jI, to . Daniel'
T. Dunn, $1050; adjoining lot to L. H.
Cox, $1100; north side of Haight, 125
feet east of Ashbury, 25x137:6, to W. A.
Langre, private terms; west side of
Clayton, 251 feet south of Waller, .with
flats, 25x122:8, Julia Muller, $6250;
west side of Folsom, 170 feet south of
Seventeenth, 25x122:6, with improve
ments, to Peter McDevitt, $9250; west
line of Lagruna. 120 feet north of Val
lejo, 30x125, with .improvements, to T.
IJ. Jones, $7150; north side of Fulton,
1195 feet west of Willard,, 25x137:0, to
I Charles Magrnin, $2310; south side of IT,
I 57:6 feet east ! of Fifth avenue, 25x95.
j S. A. Born to Marie Salomon, $1850; east
'side of Fifth avenue, 75 feet south of
, I, 25x95, City Realty Company to Emma
' Harrington, $1600. ,-'/,'
j Oscar Heyman &' Brother have made
I sales as follows: East line of Madrid,
J5O feet south of India, 25x100, to J.
I Blabnik; west* side of Forty-seventh
i avenue, 275 feet north of Q, 26x120, to
J. Cohnon; north side of Seventeenth
avenue South, 350 feet west of H street,
25x200, to A. J. Robertson; northeast
corner of Chenery and Miguel, 25x100,
to Ernest Henderson; west side 'of
Forty-first avenue, 225 feet north of ,B,
50x105, to G. R". Perkins; west side of
Forty-seventh avenue, 150 feet north
of Q, 50x120, to S. Zammitt; west side
of Forty-seventh avenue, 275 feet south
of P, to William J. Carr; lots 1 and 2,
in block 34 of the Ejccelsior Homestead,
to Mrs. R. J. McGhec.
j Charles E. Green will- erect a three
1 story building at the southwest corner
of Jones street and Golden Gate avenue,
to cost $44,000.
Mrs. Ella M. Leigh will build a struc
ture to contain fourteen apartments,
on the south lino of Hayes street, be
tween Pierce and Scott streets, to cost
$26,000.
C. M. Wooster & Co.'s sales include 80
acres in FA Mlrador orange tract at Lind
say, to P. J. S. Montgomery of Tulare,
$4000; 80 acres of same to H. F. Elliot of
]>os Angeles, for $SGOO; 240 acres to J.
Shunk and others of Los Angeles, for
$24,000; 80 acres -to E. P. Prewltt of Los
"Angeles, for $8410; 10 acres 'to F. G. Flint,
for $1000; 10 acres to A. E. Bernard, for
$1000; 40 acres to A.' C. Amerine, for $4000;
40 acires to W. H. Neece of Los Angeles,
for $4000; 40 acres to C K.Bonestall. San
Francisco. $4000; 40 acres to R. D. Adams,
Ixjs Angeles, for $4000; 15 ten-acre tracts
of San Martin ranch, Santa Clara Coun
ty, for $17,500; 1300 acres, in Merced Coun
ty to W. D. Morrison; for $30,000; 70-acre
orchard near- Campbell.. Santa Clara
Valley, to C. H. Schiveley, for $30,000;
thirty-two lots in South Palo : Alto, for
$6C00; twelve lots in A'lsta del Rey tract,
Monterey; for. $3000.
C. M. Wooster reports much develop
ment in the Sacramento 'Valley along the
upper Sacramento River through J. B. de
Jarnatt of Colusa. The Pacific J3eet Su
gar Company has purchased 5000 acres at
St. Johns and has a -large crew at work
constructing a beet sugar factory.
Through F. C. Lusk the same company
has purchased the Wilson ranch, of about
3T-00 acres, on the banks of the Sacra
mento River, to "be planted to sugar beets
for the new factory.
IX GROWING SUBURBS.
Hoag & Lansdale have sold $60,00')
worth of property in the Bush tract, at
Ross Valley, in three months.
David Hirschler has been, placed in
charge of the offices of Baldwin &
Howell at the corner of H street ana
Sixth avenue and at the corner of Fulton
street and Forty-ninth avenue.
All of the avenues in subdivision No. 3,
San Mateo Park, have been graded and
sewered, water mains have been laid and
the work of macadamizing them is now
in progress. A large order for ornamental
and shade trees has been placed by
Baldwin & Howell with the California
JCursery Company and the work of plant
ing will be commenced some time in
January. Among the recent purchasers
are City and County Attorney Percy V.
Long, W. H. Bull, Charles J. Robinson,
John Freuler, Miss P. Y. Veghte, J. R.
Douglass, James Ferguson, Anita B.
Slater, E. W. Richter. Mathew linger and
Ethel Nunn. In the Hay ward Addition
lot 1 in block 6, 51x110 feet, at the south
east; corner of Seventh avenue, and B
street, was sold to Mary A. Lee of San
Mateo, for $2200. ,
Austin F. Shannon reports the following
sales: L. B. Floan and wife to Josephine
Dubs»- lot and flats on the north line of
Duboce avenue, 85 feet east of Devisadero
street, 34:6x71 feet, for $7000; James G.
Maguire and wife, lot on east, line of
Devisadero street, 36:9 feet north of Du
boce avenue, 15x119 feet, for $3000.
KISSES WIN GUARDIANSHIP ,
OF VIRGINIA M. POWELL
Lone Drawn Out Contest Is Bronjfht
to an End by a Child's AdmU
slou In Court.
A contested guardianship of a little
girl. Virginia May Powell, was decided
by Judge Lawlor yesterday. The point
at issue was as to whether notice to a
foreign guardian was necessary and
the Judge held that it was not.
Miss Mary A. Brackett, who conducts
a kindergarten on Oclavia; btreet, . ap
plied last January for letters of guar
dianship over the little girl, who. is six
years of age. and was sent froni Bal
timore to her school. The child's par
ents were dead and her aunt. Mrs.
Susan N. P. Cottman of Baltimore, con
sented that Miss Brackett should edu
cate the girl, but when Mrs. Cottman
learned that Miss Brackett had applied
for letters of guardianship she began a
contest.
Yesterday Attorney Bryan, on behalf
of the aunt,. asked'. that the order ap
pointing Miss Brackett guardian i be
set aside on the ground that Mrs. \u25a0Cott
man had not been advised of the* ap
plication. ; The child was ; questioned
by the Judge and said, \u25a0"I like ; Miss
Brackett because. 'sheV kisses , me^ and
auntie never did." The Judge thought
that affection was* more needed by the
child than anything else and "as Lulus'
found that thelaw Justified the former
appointment he wus glad to confirm it.
Mrs.rcottman V ls v the wife >of a
wealthy merchant of Baltimore and
tho child was \the, daughter; of the late
Humphrey Brooke . Powell,^ ; who -.for
many, years ; was < connected- with ..Red
jdington & Co. of ; this city. ( ; ; ]
Strike* Wife With Sucktne Pis.
Mrs. Josephine Strathmann, ; 16A Guy
place, obtained;* 'warrant from Police
Judge Mogan- yesterday" for ,,the arrest
of her husband," ; Henry.,T Strathmann,
grrocer, at 252 First -street, \u25a0on\u25a0 a; chnrge
of battery. She Bald her/ husband' had
received \u25a0\u25a0 a " present ." of j a : sucking "pis'
On Wednesday .-- night .^ He became
quarrelsome: and i struck /her ,\u25a0 several
times with I , the- Juicy. young porker^aad
chased r her) and^ their ; child of; the
house. Itis not 1 , the .first:- tlmp «*hat
Strathmann has 'been In ; trouble.;" on
charges of beating tfis. wife. - '
FRIENDS SORROW
AT THE BIER
Remains : of the Late Captain
, Spillahe Are Laid at Eest
With Impressive Services
BLIJECOATS TURN OUT
Vast Army of Mourners Fol
lows the Body to Grave
at Holy Cross Cemtery
The remains ot the late Captain of
Police John Spillane were laid; at rest
at Holy Cross Cemetery : yesterduy
morning with all' the pomp and solemn
ceremony that is due a man; who faith
fully served the city for, more, than a
quarter of a century, '
The funeral was one of the largest
and most conspicuous seen in this city
in many a day and was attended by
all the prominent municipal .'' "officers
\u25a0and scores of business men.
The remains left the late captain's
residence at Jones and . Washington
streets shortly af^er 9 o'clock. Fully
an hour before trie long funeral pro
cession started the street in front 'of
the house was lined with people who
waited with; bowed heads for the coffin
to-be borne' out. ' , ,\u25a0 :~ •\u25a0
The remains were then removed \u25a0: to
St. Mary's CPaulist) Church, where the
deceased captain had worshiped for,
many years., It was with difficulty^ that
tho police managed to keep the crowds
back. yThe church waa packed to- the \
doors and hundreds waited patiently
outside, being unable to gain, entrance
to the sacred edifice. . ", .
UICQL'IE.U MASS CELEBRATED.
A solemn requiem mass marked the
ceremony in the church. It was .an
imposing sight to 3e,e the large body
of blue-coated patrolmen and officers
of the force kneel with bowed heads
while the priest was saying the im
pressive mass over tho remains of the
brave servant of the city. The eyea
of many veteran officers were filled
with tears as they gazed for the last
time on the coffin.
.The Rev. Father H. H.Wyman, su
perior of the P.iulist Church, paid a
beautiful tribute tothe departed. > He
told of how long and faithfully Cap
tain SpiMano had served the; city and
referred to his sterling" character and
his many traits of generosity, virtue
and faithfulness. The tribute of the
priest was deeply felt ty the mourn
ers. /
When the procession was made up in
front of the church it presented an
imposing sight. It was headed by. the
drum corps of the Police Department,
which beat a muffled requiem. --Then
followed the main guard of patrolmen,
commanded by Captain M. O. Anderson.
Next walked a detachment of firemen
under \u25a0 command of Assistant Chief
Dougherty.
NOTED ME.\ FOLLOW REMAINS..
After this detachment came'- tho
hearse, surrounded by Chief of. Police
Dinan, former Captain of Police^Duri^
leavy, Neal Power, gjrand knight of
the Knights of Columbus, and a spe
c,ial escort of three patrolmen, and
honorary pallbearers Sergeants- Pat
rick Shea-, J. T. Green, A. A. Perrin, T.
J. Fitzhenry, J. T. Donovan. and J.-J.
O'Meara. Mayor Schmitz, the Police
Commissioners and many other public
officers attended the funeral in hacks.'
A detachment of retired policemen
and'^ firemen followed/ \ close 'to -. ;the
hearso... 'In all there -were about 150
regular •policemen ;; and in line."
About seventy-five* firemen and -"as
many veterariis~of*tlie<Fire and Police
departments marched solemnly behind
the remains. \ ,".
The procession passed along Gran 1 ,
avenue to -Market -street, where hun
dreds.of people lined the thoroughfare.
It proceeded direct to Eighteenth and
Gufircrro -streets, : where special, funeral
cars were In waiting" to take the body
to its last\ resting place in Holy Cross
Cemetery.
• The services at the grave were brief
but Jmposlng. The coffin was a solid
mass of magnificent floral offerings,
chief an:ong whichwas that from the
Police Department.:
PALACE HOTEL PROVIDES
FOR HOLIDAY .FEASTING
I'lnces Many Mnall Tnblm Down Mar
ble IlallyinyH, In Full Vletv of
Gorgeous CbrlatiuaM Tree.
Tho management of the Palace Hotel
has made ample provision for cafe ac
commodations during the holiday sea
son. It has placed dowii the marble
hallways in the court, just adjacent to
the Palm dining-room, a large number
of small tables. These will all com
mand a view of the gorgeous Christ
mas tree In the main court. A num
ber of tables .»will. also be placed in the
court proper, so' there will be plenty
of room for the holiday feasting.
These arrangements have been made
owing to the closing- of the ladies'
cafe, now being redecorated and refur
nished. -;
SAN FRANCISCO BLUE BOOK.
The Fashionable Private Addrenn Di
rectory, Now, Belns Complied and
Reservation* ."Hade for 11)05-0.
It will contain an . alphabetical ar
rangement of. the names and residential
addresses : of • the I lead ing families, em
bracing one hundred; cities ; and * towns
in California, viz.: San Francisco, Oak
land, "'- Alameda, Berkeley,: San Rafael
Sausalito, Belvedere, Palo Alto, Menlo"
Park, Burlingame, San Mateo, Redwood
City, .San- Jose, Los Angeles, Pasadena
Elk Grove, Paradise, Auburn, Placer
vllle. May wood, Redding, Sacramento
Willows, Woodland, Calistoga, Eureka
Napa, Antioch, Petaluma, Sonoma," Wat
sonvllle,. liollister, Centerville, Nlles ,
Newark, Oroville, Decoto, Irvington'
Sonora, \u0084* Stockton. ; Tuolumne, Vallejo
Arinona, Bakerstteld, Dinuba, Fowler
Fresno, Wes.t Park, Hanford, Kern, Le
moore. Oleander, Porterville, Reedley,
Sanger.Selma, Tulare, Visalia,-Alham
bra,-Avalon, Azusa, Briggs, Carpen
teria, Covina.. Downey, Lompoc,. East
Whittier, Long Beach, >- Moneta,'Monro
via. Pomona, Santa Barbara, San Luis
Obispo,~ Santa Maria, .Santa NPaula,
Santa Monica, South; Pasadena,- Saticoy
Ventura, Craftonville.i Colton, , Corona,
Banning,; Fullerton, Glendora,. High
land, La Jolla, La Mesa, Ontario, Perris,
Placentia," Redlands, Santa Ana, River
side, San: Diego. San Jacinto, National
City, Westminster, Fair Oaks, Nevada
City, and San, Bernardino.
i Also San Francisco street and avenue
guide, theater diagrams, clubs and so
cieties, prominent residents of the Pa
cific Coast, personnel of the : press,
shopping guide, permanent guests at
the leading hotels. San Francisco street
railway guide: -;; '\u25a0':"- \u25a0\u25a0',-. \u25a0 ;-;•;;\u25a0; _\u25a0-
. The- greatest care will be exercised
in selecting. only responsible; and hon
est i concerns among the advertlse
"ments/: -.-•\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0: \u25a0'- /\u25a0/> :'- \u25a0 ; " : - :,.-; \u25a0 ;->."-V--r«..; ->."-V - - r «.. A
' Shopping by mail order an«l tele
phone call Ab one of ; tho , modern con
veniences V. extended; "to subscribers
through the announcements In the • Blue '
/Book.-r^'V:.;: ,-..-:-\u25a0;;\u25a0:;;•:::.-. .•;-; '.;\u25a0-•.:;:, -;\u25a0,.!
Address all: communications t to
Charles C.'- Hoag, ; Publisher, telephone
Main 1760;wOfnce 320 Sansome street,
room 47, San Francisco. v *
ACCUSED ' OF .."• FAILURE TO i PROVIDE.—
Mrs.* ' Charlotte ;4 Madden/^ 2880 rTwenty-fourth
street,' ", obtained J a , -warrant | from I Police ; Judse
Mogan yesterday, for ; the arrest \ of her husband;
Henry - : Madden. :. an • cx-policeman.t on ' a ; charge
of 'failure r to .provide '- for - their.: child,, Helen.
Maddert".--. was l^ arrested f: a \u25a0 few,' months \ Ago \on
tho > same charge and • promised to * support his
family," but ' failed .; to ; Ueep " his .promise, jlr^'.vr?---
1 Renovates the system and rejuvenates
"thewholet being. Lash's ; Bitters. •
WILL INSPECT
STATE TROOPS
Companies Must Come Up to
Standard or They Will Be
Debited With Black Marks
EFFICIENCY REPORTS
New Federal Legislation Is
Proposed for the Naval
Militia, in \ All Sections
Orders have been issued for the inspec
tion of the National Guard of California
for the War Department... The State an
nual muster and inspection, will be made
at the same time. Major Thomas '• Wil
helm. United estates . army (retired);- has
been assigned by j the .War Department to
make the inspection, and he has also'been
detailed as assistant Inspector general of
th-j National Guard to xnaKe the State
Inspection and j supervise' the muster.- '\u25a0\u25a0
The inspection will commence at 8:15
p. m. and be followed, by the muster un
less otherwise' ordered by fife' inspecting
officer. "The muster will be followed by
euch; exercises as the; mustering officer
may require/ <• ' ,
: | Strict as the inspection was \ last year
It will be more strict . this year. From
the orders it appears that if commanding
officers 'are not up to the requirements
of Form 11, Militia Inspection, there will
be; a distinctive black mark for every
neglect or failure. Company and troop
commanders are reminded that upon the
ehowing made by their commands at this
inspection will, -Ho a. great extent, depend
their chances of winning the brigade
trophy. '
For the purpose of permitting the sev
eral troops of cavalry to 'participate in
the competition . of -the brigade trophy,
Troops A and B, First Squadron, will be
considered as a part of the Second Brig
ade, and Troops C and D, same squadron,
as part of the First Brigade.
Major Wilhelm will start on his tour of
inspection January 3 and his itinerary is
as follows: >^"^v^!i
FIRST BRIGADE.
;\ January 4, First Company Signal Corps,
Lios Angeles; Troop D, cavalry, Los An
geles; January 6, brigade commander and
staff, Los Angeles ; January 8,9 and 10,
Companies I, C and F, Seventh Infantry,
respectively, Los Angeles; ' January 11,
Company B, Seventh^ Infantry," San Diego;
January 12, headquarters, field and staff,'
non-commissioned staff and detachment
of Hospital Corps. Seventh , Infantry,
Santa Ana, -and C .ipany.Ln .same, regi
ment, same place; January 15, Company
B, Seventh- Infantry,' Anaheim: January
16, Company M, Seventh "Infantry," River
side; January 17, t Company X, Seventh
Infantry, San" Bernardino; January IS.
Company G, Seventh Infantry, Rcdlands;
January 19. i Seventh Infantry Band' and
Company D, Pomona; January 20. Com
pany I, Seventh Infantry, Pasadena, and
January 22, .Troop C, cavalry," Salinas. '
SRCOXD UIUGAnC
January 25, brigade and staff. San Fran
cisco; January 23, Company B, Fifth 'In
fantry; San Jose; January 26, headquar
ters, field and staff and non-commissioned
staff , San; Francisco; January 29, head
quarters,'; field and -staff; non-commis
sioned ' staff, \u25a0 band and detachment Hos
pital Corps, First' Coasf Artillery, S.an
Francisco; January, 30 and ..l, Companies'
A and B, First Infantry, respectively, San
Francisco; ! February 1 "and 2, Companies
C.^and D, First Infantry, respectively,
Sail r Franclsco;_ February-^,'' headquarters,
.field 'and staff, non-commissioned staff,
band ' urr^l detachment | HospKal:- Corps,
Firßt> lnfantry, San Francisco; February
5, band of Fifth Infantry and Company
D,' Fif.V Infantry; San Rafael; February
6, Company;C, Fifth Infantry; February
7, Company E, Fifth Infantry, Santa
Rosa; February 8, Troop A, cavalry. San
Francisco; February 9, Company A, Fifth
' Infantry, Oakland; February 10, detach?
ment Hospital Corps, Fifth Infantry,
Oakland; February 12, Company F, Fifth
Infantry, Oakland; February 13, Company
G.Alameda; February 14, Company H,
Napa; February 15, Second Company Sig
nal Corps, San Francisco; February 16,
Company A, First Infantry, San Fran
cisco; February 17, Company I, Fifth In
fantry, Livermore; February 19, 20, 21, 23.
24, 26 and 27, Companies B, C. D, E. F. G
and H, respectively, ' First Infantry, San
Fra;iclsco; February 23, Company I, Sec
ond Infantry, Vacaville.
SIXTH INFANTRY.
The Sixth Infantry will be inspected on
the following dates: March 14, Company
A, Stockton; March lp. Company B. same
place; March 16, headquarters, field anil
staff and non-commissioned staff,-Axodes
to; March 17, Company D, Modesto; March
19, Company H, Merced; March 20, Com
pany C, Fresno; March 21, Company F,
Fresno; March 22, band and detachment
of Hospital - Corps, Fresno; March 23,
Company E, Visalia; March 24, Company
I, Hanford; March 26, company, Bakers
field.
During March the following organiza
tions of the Second Infantry and cavalry
attached to the . Second Brigade for pur
poses of competition will pass before the
official eyes: March 1, .Company E of
Sacramento: 2d. Company H of Placer
ville; 3d. headquarters, field and staff,
non-commissioned staff, first squadron
of cavalry, Sacramento; headquarters,
field'- and staff, non-commissioned staff,
band, detachment of hospital corps, Sec
ond ilnf antry, Sacramento ; sth, Company
G of' Sacramento; 6th, Company - F\ ( of
Woodland; 7th, Company G. Colusa; Sth,
Troop B, cavalry, Sacramento; 9th, Com
pany C of Nevada City; 12th, Company. D
of Marysvllle, and 13th, Company A -of
Chico. V ;-.'\u25a0..-'.
Brigadier General Koster has detailed
Major : D. Albert Smith, senior major of
the Fifth Infantry, to assist the assistant
inspector general of the State, 4 Colonel
Wilhelm, in the inspection of the several
organizations , of : the. Second Brigade." Ma
jor. :Smitlv. who Is one of the most enthu
siastic | National Guard officers In J the
State and who\ has had experience in the
line of inspections in the past, is qualified
in: the highest degree for the duties he
has been called upon .to assume. If the
"major discovers anything that is not ac-'
cording to : the military Gunther, he will
not hesitate to say so in his report.
EFFICIENCY.; REPORTS.
.After the first of, the: coming year the
general commanding ;the -Second Brigade
will "issue an order to regimental com
manders that;, they furnish *an an
nual-report of the' efficiency of the. of
ficers along the, lines of such reports, in
the United . States army," as prescribed by
the regulations. * Officers whose, duty it is
to do so will ; have to make visits once a
year, as laid down in these regulations.
There is a determination that those who
hold commissions: in ' the" Second Brigade
shall be a little 'more .than "gold lace of
ficers. It rls Intended \ that if they are
called upon at any j time they may be able
to prove r that^ they; are equal to the occa
sion and that ; they' are up to date in the
duties that are required of them. .
• Next ; month" the regular routine will be
resumed in^the guard and drills will be
in' order, and : with^the. new year the,of
ficers :i: i of i the , several ; companies ; of . the
Second Brigade ;be R required ;to ac> -
count for 1 the "presence" of every ; man on
drilljriightl ' .. \u25a0...;;:. {\u25a0';;,:
i." Percy,.J oseph \u0084Cook has been elected
second -.lieutenant -of ; Company B;; Second
Infantry/ and has. been ordered before the |
examining board.: ' 'V , - \ ',-'
; 5 Upon ',the request .of the, . several ; com
pany ' commanders : the ' following * appoint
ments of - non-commissioned ' officers have
I EAU DE QUININE j H
I HAIR TONIC 1 2? Jg|
II "Over a period of years — after |^^^ t^wft''"" \u25a0"" < - :n: n
II using many preparations for invig- | **• 4 raj" s • / r-;j
|| orating the hair — none has proved | • JBfc ~c } . : :-^st
I so satisfactory as ED. PINAUD'S 1 f jSm-'-'lV^
1 • — Francis Wilson, fmj^
M " None so satisfactory" — "Proved" — r'|i?Kfo, fto)
h Should you not bestow attenlion on your [ . " \
BPR FF* —^" P' nau^'* E au de Quinine Hair r\t\ ' v lS%i
i| *"" Tpnic for three applications; Kffi||, -'*"|^^. \'^\
fel enough exquisite perfume for five times, and fa- HSl^i'-^'-' \u25a0" ; *^k f '4
i moia ELIXIR DENTIFRICE for five time*. BBRK^^rtSHA
H Send 10c. to pay po4tage and pactiag. &\u25a0 \u25a0*£<\u25a0 : ?^ ..^y H^^^» 18
B X^'RITE TO-DAY Ha I
1 Ed. Pinaud's American Offices | p I ..r S
|| Ed. Pinaud Building . -. § "^ci
I NEW YORK CITY B
WOMAN'S BREAST A
CANCER NEST
Of all parts of the human body wo-
man's breast is the moot common and
nost fatal place for cancer. Physicians
without great experience do not knov
that any lump in woman's breast is can-
cer, yrhe best book perhaps ever printed
on cancers and tumors cured withoui
knife or pain teaches and proves that
any tumor, lump or sore on the lip, face
or anywhere six months is cance.. In
this bock the author, who is the most
successful cancer specialist living and
to whom the medical journals the world
over has given great praise, offers $1,000
if he fails to cure any cancer he treats
before it . poisons .deep glands ana
charges nothing until cured. Many poor
are cured free. • No X Ray fraud nor
mail order swindle.' The book costs 50-
cts.to -those who have, no cancer but is
free to those who describe * their case."
-A-ddress ? Dr> and~MrS: Dr.- Cham ley" &
•r'\.-2.vT!vM=-St~ v Saii Francisco. Gil.'
been made in the.iifth Infantry: Com
pany A, Sergeant Charles TV*. Smith, to
be first sergeant; Sergeant Adolph E-
Boas, to-be quartermaster sergeant; Cor
porals j Charles V. Brerton, Adrian !H.
Jones and Hllbert B. Ongarth, to be ser
geants; Privates Thomas " I* Xolton, An
drew U. Bray and Robert J. Cook, to be
corporals.
Company B, Corporal Guy "W. Hassler,
to be sergeant.
Company C, Sergeant James --'AJ
O'Rourke. to be first sergeant.
Company D, Corporals John Kerrigan
and Russell Worden, to be sergeants;
Private's Arthur £avis and William Hart,
to be corporals.
Company E. Privates Cameron Jaeobes
and H. M. S. Wlnton. to be corporals.
Company jj I, Privates Ritner G. Brarn
rr.ar and Michael S. Worden, to be cor
porals. :
Upon the recommendation of the com
pany commander, Private Henry Melnert
has been detailed as cook for Company F.
TO THE RANKS.
Upon their own request Sergeants
Carlton E. Howie of Company B and
George J. Callmore of. Company D have
been reduced to the rank of private,
and Corporal C. B. Smith of Company E
has likewise been reduced.
Since the issuance of previous orders
from the headquarters of the Fifth In
fantry Serjeant Charles E. Powell, Com
pany A; Corporal F. T. Brown, Company
A; Private Arthur H. Hart, Company A;
Privates John E. Howie and Charles
J. Ritchie of Company B; Privates
Lorenzo Ballantoni, Charles L. Curry
and Arthur Le Cornec of Company D;
Privates Charles R. Albers, Olney O.
Fedigro and "Wells Howard of Company
E./ rtnd Private Thomas McKay have
been honorably discharged from the
service of the State at the expiration
cf termrof enlistment, nineteen . were
discharged on account of removal, six
by: a two- third^ vote of the company,
and one; on account of disability.
A bill prepared by a committe repre
senting the naval militia organization
of •-thirty-five" States is to be Introduced
in Congress for. the purpose of giving
the United States Navy Department
The
Announces An Extraordinary
Special Sale
Particulars 5n
Tuesday's Papers
y Cor. Post &Kearny Sts.
THEOCULARIUM
GOLD SPECTACLE
From $5.00 upward
OPERA GLASSES
From $1.85 upward
. KODAKS
From $1.00 up war d
HENRY KAHN & CO.
! -V»"iv \u25a0 «43 MARKET STREETr
T>f3TTQTTT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK.
lsl\Uoni2<o ers - bootblacks, bain-
*^ *^ . bouses, billiard .aljiss.
brewers, boolcbfnders, candy makers, carmen.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. sho« factories. «t*-
blemen. tar-roofan. taoners, tailors. «tc.
BI'CIII.VVA BROS.
Braah Mannfuctarcr».6<W Sacramento %t
VL "PATENTS! J
\S^33O MARKET ST. SI. ***^
power to more, closely draw together
the now widely separated bodies of tho
militia. The principal features of thu
proposed legislation are embodied in
the following from the bill:
"That the Secretary of the Navy b»
and is hereby authorized and empow
ered, upon the request of the Governor
of any State or Territory, or of tho
commanding general of the District of
Columbia, navlngr an organized naval
militia, to appoint an officer or ofilcer»
to inspect. Instruct, examine and train
such naval militia at such times and
places as- may be appointed by any ot
said Governors or the general com
manding, and also for the purpose of
formulating standard regulations for
the organization, discipline training 1 ,
armament and equipment or said naval
militia and for the professional ex
amination of the officers, petty officers
and men composing the same, with a
view to. producing: uniformity among
the naval militia of the various States
and assimilating them to the standard
of the United States navy.
"That the "naval militia when called
Into actual service of the United Stat<?»
shall be governed by the same rules
and articles as the regular navy.
"That such appropriations as taay
from time to time bo made by Congress
for the benefit of the naval militia of
the several. States Territories and tho
District of Columbia shall be distrib
uted between them according 1 to>
equitable proportions to be determined,
by the Secretary of the Navy and ap
plied. In his judgment, to the uses and
necessities of such organizations."
Stout Lndies!
17 years ago I reduced my wefffht. S3 pounds,
bunt 8 Inched, waist 6 inches asd hips 19
inches, by a. simple, harmless reined/. H?alta
perfect. No exercise, n» wrlnklet, no starvtnir.
1 will tell you bow. Inclose stamp. Mrs. Diana
Alves, 63 Elgin Park. San Franctacp, ' Cal. •
SHOT FIRED ON PACIFIC STREET.—Po
liceman R. G. Skala beard the report of a
pistol shot on Pacific street, batween Mont
gomery and Sansoma. about 1:30 o'clock yes
terday morning:. He made an Investigation.
but could find no traco or the person that fired
the shot.
2526
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL^L
JOUX D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor
. ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGIIT ...„_... .^. .jj^ • -.:J_^Jz-z. :J _^Jz-z: -Manager
\u25a0' \u25a0 rei.TrATIOX OFFICE THIRD AND MAttKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
S U X DA Y DECEMBER 24, ' 1905
UNIVERSITIES AND RELIGION.
THE Sacramento Bee brings against the two great California
universities the charge that they are infidel and atheistic. That
paper says that the Stanford memorial chapel is "an empty
shell so long as a general sea of atheism pervades the faculty, from
I,he president down." At Berkeley it is charged that 'Infidelity,
atheism, a denial of God— these are rank there. Stanford
is a private university. But what is done at Berkeley
is^ or should be, a Siate matter. The eternal divorcement of church
state is no more a necessity than the eternal divorcement of.
atheism and the state. If the taxpayers of California do not wish.
Judaism, or Methodism, or Presbyterianism, or Catholicism taught
their children at the State University, they most certainly do not
want them poisoned for life with rank atheism. They do not desire
that those bat-eyed guessers at Berkeley should rob the young souls
ci ever}' fajth that makes life worth the living."
As no plan and specifications are submitted, in the absence of a
bill of particulars we assume that these charges mean that science
is taught at the universities. It is ,an old, a very venerable contro
versy, and at every stage of it the same charges have been made
against institutions of learning. It originates in the pious idea that
the Bible is authority on the construction and physical nature of the
universe., revealed by inspiration. It was formerly devoutly believed
that in the book of Genesis we have a true cosmogony, and that the
world is flat, and the center of the universe, with sun, moon and
stars revolving around it.
Belief in that cosmogony was regarded as essential to salvation.
To deny it was denial of God — infidelity, atheism. Men of science
were burned at the stake and broken on the wheel for teaching that
the world was round, that it moved, that it was "not the center of
the universe, and that the sun did not revolve around it. They were
the "bat-eyed guessers'' of their day,, and as it happened that the
rival guessers in orders and full canonicals had the power, it went
hard with "the bat-eyed." But finally Magellan sailed around the
world and Encke's comet came back on time to a second, ;as mathe
matical^ foretold, and the "bat-eyed" had their inning.
s' : The church had simply made a human mistake, in staking God's
existence on a flat world and a geocentric universe. But the.cos
mogony of Genesis and its story of the palingenesis persisted. . It
was devoutly taught and believed that all animal life on the eart-h
noted in Adam's census and named by him was all that ever existed,
and that a pair of each kind entered the ark and survived the flood.
Good Bishop Usher favored .the world with his chronology, making
the planet a young thing, and the church again staked the existence
of God upon a statement of physical facts that had to be assumed,
Whoso called for proof was one of "the bat-eyed."
Finally men began to dig into the crust of the earth and to study
its structure. They found there, fixed in the sedimentary rocks, the
tracks and bodies of birds and animals that are like no living thing.
They found animals so large that one would have loaded the ark
belo\\\the Plimsoll line, and a pair would have sunk the ship. They
found evidences of a continued chavh of life, modified by environ
ment, with forms changing from simple to complex, or complex to
simple as might be necessary to prevent extinction, until the lower
and primordial types were lost and new appeared, fitted to the
physical age of the world as we know it.
As nothing of these things was found in the book of Genesis,
"the bat-eyed" men who found them were denounced as robbing
young souls of every faith that makes life worth living. The devout
believers accounted for* the tracks and innumerable fossil remains
by teaching that the devil had made these things out of mud and
•hidden them to deceive true believers and discredit the cosmogony
of the book of Genesis. Good and pious old Dr. Hitchcock tried to
reconcile geology with Genesis, but clearer minded men contended
that the Bible is not a scientific book and that the story of the crea
tion-,'Adam and all, is merely the first attempt of self-conscious^man
to account for the universe and his place and presence in it by an
imaginative and intensely interesting speculation, that is not scien
tific, and belief in which is not necessary to salvation.
We suspect that the guilt of the universities consists in their
teaching that Bruno was right in asserting the heliocentric and
denying the geocentric theory of the universe, and in-maintaining
the rotundity of the earth, and that Galileo was right as to the dual
motions of the earth, and that Copernicus was right in his theory of
the solar system, of which the earth is a member. /We suspect that
the universities are impeached further because they teach the facts
of geology and the origin of species as disclosed by evolution. This
being so, their guilt consists in taking God off a flat and motionless
earth, relieving him of responsibility for the puerile creation de
scribed in Genesis, and stripping him of the petty and detestable
Tmman passions and appetites with which ignorance and superstition
endowed him, and clothing him with the illumination and at
tributes becoming the. maker of the splendid universe which science
has revealed. The universities have just as high calling to the re
fining process as the ancients had to the conferring upon God of
attributes that we would not tolerate in our neighbor. -
SAN JOSE'S PARK.
FAILURE of the Alum Rock bond proposition to receive the
necessary two-thirds vote will be very generally regretted by all
the friends of our beautiful neighbor city. A majority of the
people evidently favor the authorization of the bonds, and that the
two-thirds vote which the charter calls for was not given is probably
more from lack of thought upon the merits of the measure than from
deliberate rejection after careful consideration. Certainly the pro
posal has received enough encouragement to show it is deserving
of a campaign of education that will bring out a stronger vote next
time the test is made.
Not to be willing to spend a reasonable sum upon the iYnprove
ment and preservation of that wonderfully attractive glen shows a
failure of appreciation of the treasure of nature's work which is so
close to the Garden City. It is one of San Jose's most valuable as
sets. Its worth in the esthetic ser.se would justify considerable ex
pense to maintain and enhance, even if the expenditure brought in no
return in money. Fair San Jose is surely rich enough to indulge in
some of the inspiring kinds of luxuries, and Alum Rock Park is one
of such which can be made more so by appreciative care and atten
tion. ' i
The improvement of the park, however, would almost inevitably
be more than repaid by the increase in the value of San Jose prop
erty and the volume of travel and general business. Any wise plan
of civic improvement is likely to have that result, and no plan of
developing the capital of Santa Clara Valley could leave out the
claims of Alum Rock Park. It has more of romance suggestion and
of power to gladden the eyes and rest the heart and mind than any
other thing of the city^s environment. It should be arranged so that
every little gladdening nook could be easily accessible, and walking
or driving to and amid its charms be made pleasant at all seasons of
the year. \u0084 \u25a0
THE NEW YORK DONNYBROOK.
*~pHE politics of New York is just now sufficiently picturesque
fj and peculiar, militant and mixed to satisfy the most exacting
"*\u25a0 taste for disturbance and confusion. Ex-Governor Odell ap
pears in the thick of the fight laying about him with a metaphorical
blackthorn and reckless as to what head he hits, provided it is a
head. Governor Higgins and President Roosevelt have both been
thwacked and the return blows sound like » the fall of the wood
man's ax.
nPreceding this noise of battle on the Republican' side, Tar-
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL; SUNDAY/ DECEMBER 2J,. 1905;
CARRYING OUT
A THEORY
"I was interesting a visitor in the sights
of this city," related an attorney to a
Philadelphia North "American reporter,
"and while, walking along one of the
streets our conversation was interrupted
by the rumble of machinery.
'* 'It's a printing establishment; let's go
in,' I suggested.
"We entered and walked about unmo
lested in the maze of massive machinery.
"The employes placed huge bundles of
paper on high boards to be fed into the
presses, and printed sheets were . deftly
removed .from; the rear. The smell of ink,
the overpowering heat and unremitting
hustle were oppressive. On a bulletin
board we read: 'Only twenty minutes for
lunch.' 'No lay-offs this week.' 'All
hands on duty every nightthls week until
10 o'clock.*
"We hastened away from the confusion
and ascended to the floor above, where
hundreds of girls were engaged in the
bindery. There was no mirth nor chatter,
only the whirr of machinery..
" 'What job is it?' I asked of a lady who
apparently had charge of the department,
requires such hard work and so
many long hours of the employes in this
establishment?'
" "This house is getting out another edi
tion of the Simple Life,' she answered po
litely but hurriedly, 'and we must finish
It this week.' "
many had held the boards and the battlefield, but the- Democratic
disturbance is forgotten in the Republican mixup. It seems to
mean a new deal in New York Republican politics. Senators JPlatt
and Depew have lost their grip and no longer satisfy the party.
New men of greater ability have risen. Root and Black, Jerome
and Wadsworth, are the new -leaders, and the party aspires to hold
a stronger position for 'New York in the Senate than it has' had
since Conkling's fall. Of course the old crowd does not retire
gracefully. It has to be assisted and does not enjoy the help that
cometh from the hills. >v .,v
In it all is -the sign of partisan independence, strongly marked,
that indicates a coming realignment of parties. Groups in the Re
publican and Democratic parties are approaching each other, and
groups in each are flying off toward the new focus of socialism.
The old cries have lost force and significance in both parties. The
independence of the President has opened a new vista. to the younger
men of the country, and the past holds them in a weak and loosen
ing grip. ' Old issues are hull down and the horizon is ablaze with
new public questions of first importance to which new principles
of action must be applied. Of course the President is anxious that
his party in New* York shall reflect this change on the face of poli
tics, and it is probable that the weight of his, hand will be felt in the
reorganization. It would not be natural for. him to '; sit still; and let
his party in his own State remain in the hands of Senators who
have lost prestige in the insurance investigations; iand of an ex-
Governor who seems to be involved with them in transactions that
cannot be painted or seen in any perspective so as to make them
look right. ' ' Ussi
Revelations indicate that many of our pillars of finance are, or were,
members of the Steal Trust.— New York; Herald.
; — .« — __ « — ;
Before marriage a girl talks about how often her betrothed writes.
Afterward she talks about woman's rights. — Dallas News. .. .
Every fifth voter in New.York is a native American, so thatin twenty
years New York will be the metropolis of Europe, too.— Detroit Free Press.
: It has been nearly a century since a Russian Czar saitl to an English
diplomat, "There is a sick man in Europe," and Turkey is still alive-
Baltimore Sun. ' ' '
The dictionary people have asked Governor Folk to -define the word
graft.^ The politicians," and McCurdy. will certainly feel hurt over tliis ap
parent slight.— Philadelphia -Telegraph.
Whether shirts should be .pink or. white for a daylight wedding, is a
question vexing Pittsburg souls. What should it matter,, since' in the'.Pitts
burg atmosphere all shirts look alike before .the end of the ceremony?—
New York -World.
Ballot-box stuffing at the election of the Daughters of Ohio! ItSis al
leged'that only forty : hirie women were present when the polls opened, •"yet
when the votes were counted fifty-eight ballots : were found to have been
cast. — New York Evening Sun. / . *
THE TWO NICKS.
OUR CALIFORNIA WINTER
pOSES at the Christmas time! Where's the like of this,
' • Save in California, where winter glories gleam?
Bloom and gold of oranges that -gentle breezes kiss—
Winter is a fiction,, or a half -remembered dream,
For every day's a messenger \u25a0 to tell :us life is sweet,
: Arid every rnpmeht bears a smile to cheer us on the way,
Ahf|;the : song- that nature^ murmurs is the song that we repeat.
For our California winter is September merged in May.
C CENTof dewey blossoms that greet us from the sod—
Just one California, wherever we may go-
Days with: sunshine laden by the loving thought of God,
And birds that strive \ to .tell us what the songsters only know.
Not an hour for winter between the fall and spring,
And snow and ice are but a clream of a forgotten day;
For the autumn turns to summer in a ceaseless, rhythmic swing,
• And our California winter is September merged in May.
A. J. WATERHOUSE
ART OF ELOPING IN FRANCE.
The art of eloping— which in fifty years
will be perhaps considered as one of the
fine arts, who knows!— is particularly
French. .
Modern French lovers have kept the
romanesque character of their ancestors,
and some seem to regret the golden time
when young demoiselles and young
chevaliers escaped on horseback, . under
cover of , the night, from the old -and
picturesque manors, says a writer in the
London Mall.
On the other slde : of the Channel
"mariages de ralson," as\ they call them,
are much more , numerous than here,
where love is the chief | factor in arrang
i ing unions. When Cupid plays his pranks
|in French families he often disturbs a
I carefully built up scheme, and the long
j cherished "project of marrying Marguerite
to Monsieur Paul (because M. Paul has a
good ; position and Marguerite a respect
i able dowry) > falls down ;. like/ a : house of
j cards. The skillfully darted; arrow., has
I pierced . Marguerite's . heart, and Paul
may; try everything in order to please
her— his case is hopeless, because Luclen,
who\ is 1 younger, smarter ' and less com-
I monplace, haunts the \u25a0 dreams of the
young girl.
Here is a deadlock. How Is this to be
overcome? In one wai^ alone— run away!
Elopement : is , the . only* means : to compel
papa and mamma to give their, consent.
It would be' much slmplier to give It
at once. But if s men "always took the
Bimplest course life would be too 'easy.
TwoV hundred years ago such an elope
ment wouldVbe carried out with horses,
cavaliers and swords; nowadays, ; motor
cars,"\u25a0;chauffeurs and pints *: of,' petroleum
adequately supply their ; place." Modern
invention Invades every., branch 'of .our
existence— even elopements.
,'•„' A; few. months ago," ln Paris, a , young
man '"who -passionately : loved ' : a certain
young "j lady , called at her father's house
with, a ; friend, in; a: motor car. He was
disguised as . a .: chauffeur - in '\u25a0_ a bearskin
.overcoat and: big blue ; goggles, rendering
him -i* completely : unrecognizable.. The
young : lady~ entered - the car ostensibly
for a short run.;, Crossing : Versailles, ,the
friend ; asked 1 them * to ; stop, as he ; wanted
,tO buy some -postcards;' when* he- came
out of the shop,'- the motor "car had van-"
ished. X The bes£ of \u25a0 the ! story lls that T he;
himself,' did not' know of the intended
escape !*\u25a0,-'.'.. -"\u25a0•: . " . . .* :".
j Later ; on ; father and son-in-law became
such ; good - friends ': that ia : few days after
the marriage the old gentleman; got a, bill
f rom \u25a0 his " husband— who was a
humorist, which ran as ': follows :
;\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 Motor, car; hired; for. four. day 5 ..... ..£20 .
, .'Damages ] for v two ; dogs, lrijured.V.:.. 50
The : same ; for Jan old w0man:. . .... . 10
! \u25a0 Picture s postcards : to friends, and
* \ -Is acquaintances " TI ..*.'....: .'. .".....;....: 2 -
Eau-de-Cologne, v /violette,",'; helio- ,
trope,. for Suzanne; (who could not \ \u0084
:.»bear the smell of, the engine)...... 5
—PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER.
10 per cent, discount since I married
Suzanne, i
. Many French girls are educated in con
vents! a custom which, happily, is dis
appearing, not 1 " only because M. Combes
turned them out, but also on account of
thq narrow-minded and one-sided educa
tion received there; In fact, up-to-date
parents don't wish to see their girls roach
the age of 18 without having the slightest
idea of real life. But, as you can imagine,
\ convents, more than any other places, are
very often the scene of romantic elope
ments.
I remember a fetor years ago an extror
dlnary elopement happened in the south
of France, somewhere in the Riviera. A
young J girl of 19— the daughter of a Rus
sian -j nobleman— lnvented a fine plot to
i escape from her convent prison. One day
her lover, al?Frencha 1 ? French artist, former pupil
at the Ecole dcs Beaux Arts, got a letter,
in which she .urged him to call at the con
vent and to introduce himself as the doc
tor of the prefecture on a. tour of inspec
tion. p^SS
7 The scheme was rather a daring one, as
the young artist did not know much
about medicine; anyhow, he did 1t..., A
farcical scene was acted, during which
the ; lover felt the pulses of a' couple of
dozen iof young girls, prescribing harm
less embrocations for some, "sweet syrups
or mustard , Dlastera for others. The
worst of it all is that he had to examine
carefully the old cook of convent.
Ah, if It had not been for his girl's sake!
He .was Just leaving the house, when cries
were overheard, and: two nuns rushed on
him and led him quickly to • one of the
pupils'. rooms. She had Just fainted. He
at once .uttered a grave diagnostic and
said he would call again after dinner. So
he did, and as she was not doing better
he said : to the :'• Mother Superioress, who
was all in tears :
i "This young girl is very ill; my carriage
is at the door, and I'll take her imme
diately to - the ; hospital ; l my responsibility
is at . stake, madame."
Ten minutes r later the . young painter
and the little. Russian gentlewoman drove
along: the.; road, to' Cannes;., arm : In arm,
overjoyed and; mad with; love! .
\u25a0 As a - matter of . fact;; young people who
elope nowadays are almost heroes; they
fight against social prejudices and ' vulgar
arrangements, where money plays the
main part, and they generally deserve all
our sympathy.. The light .hearted and
easily moved French , public is always
keenly interested in adventures of this
kind; . and is . always > ready, to look with
indulgence! at ! young couples whose only
sin! is to. love each other.
.And no w.I. have heard it whispered that
M. ; Santos Dumont. the celebrated \u25a0 aeron
aut, is going ; to ; establish •. in ; Paris "a pri
vate school whose pupils will consist
chiefly of unhappy; lovers.- He (the Gov
ernment , ought to give him a* gold medal
if It. is true) will teach them how to eloDe
pn a steerable airship." v
"CURSE FUND"
ODD IDEA OF
MAINE MAN
"For more, than half my life/ said
Isaac Clewley of Eddington. Me.. "1 have
been spending: from $5 to $C a year to
make sure that people will get mad and
curse me years after lam dead. It .is not
a very noble ambition, but I tniiui x
am getting my pay as I go along in
laughing to myself. 1 have been a col
lector of odd and rare coins from a
boy nrd made a. sood income from the
business as a side line. Now and again
I buy coins that I cannot 3ell at a
profit. Sometimes I am imposed on by
shrewd men in my own business. thougU
more often the value of my purchases
takes a sudden drop while I hold them
for a rise.
"In the latter case I never try to re
trieve my fortune by holding on. ir
the coins are silver or gold I sell them
for their value as metal. In case they
are copper or nickel I add them to
what I call my 'curse fund" and leave
them for the coming generations to
find. \u25a0 ,'i
"To do this Infill my pockets with old
copper cents and two-cent pieces and
Queer Canadian currency of small value
and go out into the sapling spruce and
pine woods and drive them edgewise Into
the wood, leaving them hidden from
sight below the bark. In this manner
I have gone through the forests of
Eastern Maine until I have used up
perhaps 100 pounds of copper and bra 33.
In a few years the scar made by the
entering coin heals over, leaving a
smooth surface, after which the tree
keeps on growing until It Is big enough,
to make Into a sawlog, when It Is cut
and taken to the mill.
"It Is very Interesting to sit back and
smoke my pipe and conjecture what
kind of words the mlllman will use
'when his saw dashes into a copper cent.
I can Imagine the style of phraseology
that will come pouring forth over a
ruined saw and a stoppage of the ralll
for hours. Then the-y will find the coin,
and will wonder how it came Imbedded
In the living tree. Then the story will
find Its way Into the newspapers and
men of great learning will make lon*
journeys to Investigate the matter.**—
Washington Post.
FUN WAIFS.
This Is the Christmas spirit
That seems to pervade the earth.
"I wonder if this was a bargain.
And about how much it's worth?"
—Puck.
Editor— No. I can't buy your poem on
"The Vice Presidency." I must say I fall
to see what the subject has in common
Poet— There's onejtbing.
Editor— What Is It?
Poet— Nobody wants It. — Cleveland
"How much, for pulling a tooth?" asked
the Prince.
"One thousand dollars, sire." replied
the dentist.
"My good man. you have the wrong
idea. I wish a tooth pulled, not my leg."
—Louisville Courier-Journal. "
"Something must be done to curb the
arrogance of the men who own the rail
ways."
"Oh, I dunno," rejoined Farmer Corn
tossel; "I once met a man that owned a
whole lot o' railroad stock. Compared to
some ticket agents and conductors, he
was downright affable." — Washington
Star.
Here Is the plthlest sermon ever preach
ed: "Our ingress into life is naked and
bare, our progress through life is trouble
and cafe'," our egress out of it we know
not where, but doing well here we shall
do well there; I could not tell more by
preaching a year."— London Tit-Bits.
"I wonder what It was that suggested
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children?"
"The spectacle of a political candldats
kissing a lot of helpless babies, perhaps."
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
SONG OF CHRISTMAS.
Oh, heart of mine t from the store divin*
Of memories that you hold.
Sing me a song that Is sweet and
strong
Of the coristmas days of old.
Sing of the eager heart and ey«
As the season of Joy drew near;
And we marked the lessening days
go by,
When the sun ro?<* late In the winter
sky.
With never a backward thought or
sigh \
For the waning year!
Sing of the morn when our Lord was
born,
As It came in the days of youth.
When the bells rang sweet down the
village street
'Their tidings of joy and truth!
Sing of the drifted fields of white.
Of the crisp and buoyant air;
Of the country roads packed hard and
white.
Of the loaded sleighs and the faces
, bright.
Of the rosy girls and the laughter light,
>And the greetings fair!
Sing of the hall where we gathered all.
With never a vacant place;
Father and mother and sister and brother,
And each with a smiling face!
Sins of the thankful hearts sincere
For the board so nobly laid;
Of the boundless cheer of the garnered
year.
Of the ample toasts and the home-made
,-beer.
Of \u25a0' the stlngless Jest and the laughter
dear, "
And the Joy we made!
Sing of the night and the rare delight.
Of the dance and the romping game!
Of the moments fleet, and the twinkling
feet
In the light of the pine log's flame!
Sing of the memories , now as keen '
As the poignant sense of love;
Of the berried boughs and the. evergreen.
The last cup round and the parting scene.
Of the last guest gone, with the miles be
tween.
And the stars above!
. —Leslie's Weekly.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
TREES— Reader. City. In natural for
ests the fir, spruce, hemlock, pines and
beech do not grow in the same tract.
WATER— H. B. I*. San Benito, ;Cal.
Samples of water are analyzed free of
charge at the University of California.
ASPHYXIATE — Subscriber. City. As
phyxiate tis pronounced as if written
as-nk-si-at. with the a In at as a in
fate.
THE PROMISE— A. O. S.. City. R
B of this city writes that the verses In
which occur the line "I promised to bo
there on New Year's day" are 'to be
found in Xo. 6 of the Standard \u0084Reci
Townsend's California glace fruits
and choicest ; candles in -artistic nr«
etched boxes. New store. 787 Market. *
. \u25a0 — \u25a0 m » \u25a0 — '
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call*
t ornla • street. Telephone Main 19 iX, *Some Books about Christ
. "PRIMARY FACTS IK RELIGIOUS
THOUGHT" Is the name of a new book
issued from the University of Chicago
Press, and written by Alfred Wesley
Wish arc who was formerly fellow of
church history in that university, and is
the author of "Monks and Monasteries."
Although Wishart is here writtng of re
ligion in the most universal* sense in
wnioh he can think of and express it. it is
Mirprising how naturally and logically
th*»se primary facts in religious thought
liu> themselves with the personality of
Jesus Christ. The chain of thought
thitherward moves with that sort of in
cvitableness which is the essential char
acteristic of the greatest novels and
dramas.
It is also like the progress of the study
of Euclid, where, starting with certain
«xiom s which must be accepted, and with
some postulates which are willingly
granted, the mind goes forth via many
-. demonstrated theorems to far truths, the
recognition of which has gradually grown
out of the simple axioms at first willing
ly admitted. Beginning with a few basic
facts in regard to religion, which will
jirobably be acknowledged by all men,
the author makes it evident that religion
is the supreme thing in life, and pursuing
jhe thfme. to Its ultimate the supreme
necessity in religion is the knowledge of
Jeeus Christ.
Briefly the book leaves an impression
Vumewhat thus: Religion is the thine of
highest human interest. We cannot, how
< \or. Jove abstract truth: the thing must
• *•<» clothed In a personality to enable us
really to love it. HrMgion is the binding
of man to God. The link of divinity to
humanity has its superlative Illustration
and pattern in the person of Jesus Christ.
So whether we accept the church dosma
. of his divinity or no, we are almost com
peU*d to believe that God speaks to the
race through the personality of Christ.
Thr> Jews are the race who had the su
jrrrrne mission "f giving religion to the
\vur!« in its btehest form. Jesus is the
>uperUtivo spirituul product of that race.
The divine in human is what reveal? God
to us and makes us love divinity and se«^k
vo absorb '.t- So it seems clear that;
Christ is the largest primary fact in re
figious thought.
Wishart's* book consists of seven essays.
An Interesting way to examine them, es
pecUlly on the ove of Christmas, will be
vo .go through them serially and notice
the link? that lead up to Christ as if the
consideration of him were the prime lcs
s=on tha little volume has to give. There
may be other important threads to follow '
\u25a0 out in its weave, but this clew to the
workman's love of th<» Master and recog
nition of his teaching as the highest truth
will come, perhaps, the closest to get
ting straight to the heart of the book.
The flrst chapter essays that difii
ou4t thing, the definition of religion. He
• docs It broadly to begin — making relig
ion th<» possession of all men-r-a uni
versal, instinctive human quality. He
assumes that there is a God. The men
who doubt or deny this he regards as
groping by means of their ideals, or
their sense of moral obligation, or even
their vagtke desire to get into harmony
with their environment; toward divin
ity. He Quot«s John Fiske .as one of |
Uie choice inti-llectual products of our
tim»-. whose study of philosophy and
science led him to this: "The everlast- ,
ing sourc of phenomena is none other j
than the infinite power that makes for J
i tghtt-ousness." Religion in the broad
Sense is denued as man's actual atti
tude toward the universe. Whatever
that is. that is his religion. "It is this
univeic"al groping after God amid Uw
clouds cf mystery thut enshroud us
* • which has produced every phase
of "the religions life. " lie passes over
the other two meanings given to the
word "religion," namely, a system of
doctrines, or mythologies and cere
\u25a0noniess; and the one usod when a cer
tain standard Is set up and a man is
tailed religious if he conforms to that
standard. He concludes the definition
< us»-d for his special purpose thus: "Re-
Hc-jon may be taken to mean man's
Mutual inner life, viewed In its rela
tionship to God. in which experience.
u»ou«rhts. feelings and will are lndis-
Eolttbly united."
Th«» st-cond essay is called "Religion
and Theology." The author asserts that
many people are not taught to see any
difference between religion and theol
ogy, and that it is a sad fact, well
known to students of history, that
crimes in theology have always been
accompanied by irreverence and relig
ious indifference, caused by the con
fusion of theological charges. Relig
ion, he says, is the fact, the object, the
reality: and theology is defined as the
organized body of knowledge concern
jug that fact. So changes in theology
do not alter the reality of religion. The
constituent elements of the universal
r«-iigious experience of which theology
makes a. study are summed up in four
fact* — "the belief in God, the conscious
ness of »in, the longing for for-
Bivenesx, the attachment to some ideal
of character." The tenets of any sys
• torn of theology exert a great influence
upon individuals and society. 'Our
ideas react upon the whole life. • •
It is therefore folly to say that it
snakes no difference what we believe
hq long a«* we are sincere.'* We find
the link or the thread that wo have
been following- showing forth in this
rtiaptftr In these words: "What a man
is doing with the life and the com
• mands of Christ has much to do with
the character of his religion."
"Pelijsrlon and Morality" is the theme
of the third rhapter. Wishart tries to
treat this very liberally; but at the last
'we find that morality cannot divorce
itself from religion. He gives ample
recognition to the worth of men who
are strictly moral but who do not
recognize religion as an element of their
goodness. He gives the real reason for
this goodness by saying that the moral
n.an is partly conscious of God when
be is conscious of vital moral principles
nnd high ideal* which are grounded on
the I'ivlne Being. "He lacks that
which. In the last analyeis, is the ]
source of the highest morality, without i
which not only religion but mortality ]
itself would perish. That is conscious
fellowship with the Divine Father."
The fundamental question in ethics is
the ground of obligation, and God Is I
Raid to be that ground. In the effort I
to achieve moral excellence the value
of an ideal pattern is made clear. "We
cannot really love abstract truth. We
must love persons."
The rourth essay is about "Religion!
and the Church." That the church has ,
faults is frankly confessed. "The
church has concealed Christ as well as
revealed him." The contention between
various churches is also admitted as a
charge against them. This, however,
is true also of all institutions and so
cieties. "All brotherhood up to date
means brotherhood limited." "The
clashing of groups is a characteristic
feature of modern life." "It is true
that churches do not live up to their
Ideals, or to put it another and truer
way. the ideal is not as clear as it. will
pome day."
In favor of the church's use to re
ligion Jt Is said that all churches are
rooted in human needs, which is the
main propositJon to be considered. In
the friendship of those who are seek
ing the fellowship of God the mdi
vidual will find the social Influence
needful to a broad moral development,
it Is claimed also that the natural de
sire of the individual to serve hia fel
iow men requires the' guidance of tha
church to understand the vital condi
tions of true human welfare. Ameliora
tive schemes are abortive when carried
on without regard to man's deepest
spiritual needs. "Co-operation is the
nobiest achievement of civilization."
"The church is the mightiest moral
force in modern society." Wishart puts
in a plea for the church this way:
'•Noblesse oblige. The spirit of the
true knight and gentleman requires
(every man of influence and character
j to support those .Institutions which his
| tory proves to be essential to the high
1 est welfare of humanity."
In the chapter on "Ileligion and So
cial Progress" it Is shown that wher
ever we find the most exalted ideas of
God and the strongest desire to serve
: him there we "find also the cleanest,
I happiest and most prosperous society.
To rise toward the highest social ideals
' it is necessary to cultivate the love of
God and the love of man. Here Wishart
expresses his belief that God "gave his
best to the- world." He speaks of
"that love for man which found
its highest expression in Christ."
It is denied that there is such a thing
as individual morality in the sense of
a. private morality that has . no rela
tionship with social morality. Social
standards constantly influence the in
dividual.
"In the essay on. "Religion and Christ"
the truth is explained that life itself
is our greatest teacher; that no man
can reach satisfactory conclusions
about Christ by purely intellectual pro
cesses. "It is a waste of time to dis
cuss Christ" unless we are willing to
give "the personal effort to realize the
Christ ideal." "Would we realize high
ideals, find ourselves, think and love
and act as becomes the children \u25a0••of
God * » • let us emulate Christ.
• • • this emulation is the very
nerve of society — the hope of the
world."
The closing chapter, which is on the
subject of "Religion and the Bible,"
passes quickly over the matter of mod
ern Biblical criticism to the firm ground
where criticism makes no confusion of
faith. "Its chief value consists In its
power to lead us on to forsake our sins,
to love mercy, to deal justly and to
v.-alk humbly with our God." , "There
is a uniqueness, an unparalleled sim
plicity, breadth and beauty of the reve
lation of God contained in. the Bible."
"The reason why the Bible is un
equalcd as a guide to man in religion
is that truth was revealed to the He
brews, and especially in Jesus Christ,
which was unrevealed to or undiscov
ered by any other people In history."
(University of Chicago Press, Chi
cago; 75 cents.)
AUSTRIAN . WRITES
ABOUT CHRIST.
"I. N. R. I." is the attention-arresting
title of a somewhat odd but very interest
1 ing and meritorious new book by the
1 remarkable character, Peter . Rosegger,
j the peasant-bern Styrian novelist and \u25a0
poet, whose work has recently been
translated into English by Elizabeth Lee.
The initials I. N. K. I. are those which
appeared upon the cross on which Christ
was crucified. They arc sometimes con
sidered as Pilate's joke— standing for Je
sus Nazarenus Rex Judaeorum (Jesus of
Nazareth, King of the Jews). The sec
ondary title of the work is "A Prisoner's
Story of ihe Cross." The prisoner Is one
imaginatively conceived by the author,
and very sympathetically and realistically"
is this conceiving done. The writer is sup
posed to be condemned to death for a
crime committed In the anarchistic en
thusiasm of believing assassination may
be rightly done for suffering humanity's
sake.
About the author: He was born in a
little Alpine village in Styria, South Aus
tria. He was self-taught up to his twen
ty-second year. He was too sickly ip en
dure farm labor and so he was appren
ticed to a tailor. He is now sixty-two, a
novelist, a poet, a Ph.D. in Ruperto Carlo
University, has had a medal struck in
his honor by the Austrian Government
and he is a Chevalier of the Order of the
Iron Crown. His best-known previous
work is "The Forest Schoolmaster." His
"1. N. It. I." extended his fame beyond
the Austrian borders to all the German
speaking people.
The romance of the life of Christ as
here told Is a mixture of the Gospel his
tory, with some additions of fancy, which
came under the influence of deep religious
feeling. The agony of the condemned
man finds relief in the writing from mem
ory of the story of the Savior. The
prisoner's mind dwells on the beauty of
the life of Jesus and on his wonderful
compasßion. It Is the effective and the
only way In which he could gain comfort
and hope.
In the prologue some beautiful descrip
tions are given of the visions which de
termined the prisoner to seek his Savior.
One day he had read and prayed and
sought, but found nothing to relieve his
need.
"In the night that followed Konrad had
a dream, so vivid and clear as never was
dream before. It was a dark country,
and he had lost his way. He wandered
about among cold, damp rocks, but could
not find a path. Then his fingers felt a
thread; he seized it and it guided him
through the darkness. The land grew I
brighter and brighter; the thread brought
him into his sunny native valley • * * I
and the thread to which his fingers still I
clung involuntarily led him into the room |
where it had been spun from his mother's 1
distaff. And there she sat and spun the I
thread, with her pale face and soft wrin
kles and kind eyes, and directly the boy |
stood near her she told him tales of the !
Savior. He listened to her and was a]
happy child. That was his dream. And I
I when lie awoke in the prison .cell, his |
j mother* gentle voice still sounded in his j
I ears: 'My child, you must cling to'
Jesus.' " i
In another beautiful dream he saw his I
mother come to him, saying she brought
him a friend. This new friend was a
vision of the Christ. "When he felt for
her hand she was no, longer there, but
In the middle of the dim cell stood the _
Lord Jesrjß. His white garment hung!
down to the ground, his long hair lay |
j over his shoulders, his shining face was '
, turned toward Konrad."
An idea of the way in which the story
teller lets his imagination add to the
gospels brief outlines may be had from
this sample. He is telling of the call
ing back of the soul into the body of :
\u25a0 Rabbi Jairus' daughter: "Little girl! j
little girl! wake up,, it is morning." The j
mother uttered a cry of Joy. for the child 1
opened her eyes. He stood by, and^theyj
seemed- to hear him say: "Arise, my
child. You are too young to have gained
heaven yet. 1 The Father must be long
sought bo that he may be more beloved.
Go your way, and seek him.". Another
example is where he tells of the meeting
of Christ with his mother, whexKhe was
on . his .. way to be crucified ; on - Calvary.
"When he saw his mother his little re
maining strength nearly forsook . him,
but he managed >to keep standing. He
. fHE SAN FRANCISCO ;iC ALL, ?St'NDAY^;DECEMBER 2M 1905;
JXA.USTKATION FROM NEW BOOK BY THE REMARKABLE PEASANT BORN WRITER. PETER ROSKGGEN OF LOWER AUS
TRIA. WHOSE LATEST WORK. WHILE WRITTEN IS THE FORM. OF A ROMANCE, TREATS OF THE TIMES AND
LIFE OF JESUS CHRIST. . . »
turned to her with a look of unspeakable
sadness and love, a brief look in which
lay all that a child could have to say
to his mother in such a meeting. Then
they pushed him on with blows and
curses."
The book Is illustrated from paintings
made in the Holy Land by.Corwin. Knapp
Lirison. One of the crucifixion gives an
Impression of the agony' of grief suf
fered by Christ's friends as he is
stretched upon the cross under the dark
ened sky. Rosegger's version of the last
words Is this: "Then he lifted his head
quickly and uttered a cry to heaven:
"Father, receive my soul! My Father! Do
not forsake me!" /
(McClure, Phillips & Co. New York.)
MORE ALONG LINES
OF SIMPLE LIFE.
Pastor Charles Wagner is a persistent
preacher. The success of "The Simple
Life" has led him Into a series of ser
monizing books that come" forth as regu
larly as If he had,>ne habit, and people
may wonder if. he will know when to
quit.. Still we can stand a great deal of
his sort of kindly preaching and no doubt
we need it, and the great vogue of his
first little volume may incline the public
to, listen longer to his didactics , than it
will to most other writers. His two new
' est books are "Justice" arid "The Gospel
of Life" and under the writer's name Is
still the inevitable, "Author of the Sim
ple Life." Perhaps their' chief- value at
tnls Christmas time. Is to glance over them
and note with what beautiful ; simplicity
they refrain the old/ old story. . , v -
• He is echoing truisms, of course, but
he gives them applications to modern
conditions, which make their . repetition
more appropriate than if, there were' no
present alarming faults to fit the texts.
In* justification of his- "Justice" it may
be said than until- we ;do It. individually
and socially the; world 1 must listen to
lino upon line and precept upon ; precept
from the prophets of this time who emu
late John the Baptist and make Ihem
selves a voice crying out that paths be.
made straight. .: .. .-• \u0084 \u25a0'.; , .
His treatise on "Justice., begins with a
chapter called "The. BlrthAto Righteous
ness" which he starts ,w|th .the words of
ChrißU " "Except a man be born - anew, he
cannot see the kingdom of God." ; From
this he goes onto show that Christian
ity when It does not rest i in^ sterile 1 doc
trine'or formal rites Is a' power for. jus
tice. Under the -head : of •'"dominion 'and
voluntary service" he shows, the, great
evil of the age to be" the desire for wealth
arid power. ' and to achieve \ that the
enslaving of men ; their hunger,*
fear, or love" of • pleasure. " He ~ contrasts
the* way the masters of 'this world,clo.,it
with the teaching of Christ ; that s volun-J
tar* service is the true test; of: greatness.
"Whosoever 'would "be ;-• first - among \u25a0 you
shall be servant of all.? T ; -
• - He'' closes^ with': a ; fine chapter on the
religious .conception : . of * work. ; The {spirit
of it youmay.quickly get from .this text:
"For we are God's \u25a0fellow-workers."* 1
Cor. uu 8. Wagner believes that our
current Ideas on the subject of work are
in need of modification. He makes the
worth of work the spirit in which It is
done. He italicizes that "there is no pity
in God's world for . him who does noth
ing"; and he holds that idleness, be it the
rich man's or the poor man's, 1% decad
ence, is death. .He thinks of a high kind
of, work, which the Christian, doing, re
members that labor, like love, cannot be
bought and sold. His closing sentence
which . he \u25a0 italicizes is:- 'JWork may be
come, through the efforts of men, the
realization of the kingdom of God."
Wagner's other new- book,- "The Gospel
of Life," is example of one of his favor
ite methods of work, namely to bring life
and the gospel -. Into contact each" with
each, whereby; their force Is mutually
made vastly more. His ambition In the
book is to draw "from these equally in
exhaustible well-springs * • a little of
that living water that makes us love life
better and fear death less." The little
volume is a' series of sermons from fa
mous scripture texts. He begins with
John the Baptist's "I am a voice," which
is given according to the French version
which makes it "a" voice instead of ''the"
voice as In our St James. In it Wagner
tells us that to become a -voice we must
begin by keeping still. "We must listen.".
Nearing .the end he preaches from ; the
words of Christ: "I : am the resurrection
and the life. " . The last chapter JS "Abide
With j Us" ; {/arid the last words of the
book:" "When we shall weep on the tombs,
'abide with us: he over whom thou watch
est finds again that which he has lost.
When we shall enter into death, abide
with us;: he who gives thee his hand has
no longer any fear of the, shadows." ;
Phillips & Co., New York;
Jleach.) ;.
THO UGHISBEARING
ON FRIENDSHIP,
To send to an old established or other T
wise quite completely captured friend as
a simple little : reminder of Christmas be
ing, a special time for us to rejoice in the
possession of such captures the choice
collection of "quotations called "The, Joys
of Friendship," ' newly compiled _by . Mary
Allette Ayer, will serve the purpose elo
quently.V- It is at once a modest and : a
very .dainty little gift book, bound in
white cloth with a heart" curved bunch of
; blue?; forget-me-nots -decking .the: 'gold
"words of the title. Miss 'Ayer. has achieved
epme fame as a tasteful compiler,' and no
doubt brought much happiness -to the
world ,by \u25a0 her "Daily , Cheer Year Book."
Let 'us consider, first how felicitously* she
picked, her, title out of the motto she se
lected for her book: Y";Y;
V Who knows the joys of friendship?
The trust, security, and tenderness,. "'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0 .;
The ! double joy s, , where each |Is • glad , for ' both ?
-.If I wefeTa 'hypnotist^lt is'. that last line
of I this ? ; trior. whichU should r chieflyi Impress
upon your: subjective self ho that, it 'would
keep ' coming back s before \ the; conscious :
mind every Christmas "tlme-^-as'i if the ;
'\u25a0 words were written plain before ; you *in
big love-Jit letters of sky blue forget-me
nots. No doubt the duty of thus doubling
joys Is ., one of the psychic arts which
can be carried farther and to much finer
perfection than tne * phlegmatic ever
dream. . _ \u25a0 ,
From. Miss Ayer's culllngs I will recull
you a few samples— Just as reminders of
our wealth in friendships whereby we
can make more welcome in us the spirit
of Christmas. The author has divided
these wise sayings so as to show six
ways of appreciating friendship, namely:
The love of friendship, the companionship
of friendship, the sympathy of friendship,
the Influence of friendship, the Immortal
ity of friendship, the divine friendship.
In the division called the sympathy, of
friendship . I. flnd this wlierewith to start
you in tho mood: -
"Friendship is a word, the very sight
of which In .print makes • the heart
warmi"— Augustus Blrrell.
\u25a0 From "The Love of Friendship" these:
\u25a0_ 'Whatever may. lie beyond us.
. ! ; The lesson this earth- has to give
a It, learn how to love divinely.
And, then' you" have learned to live.
. — Anon.
;'. It would be hard to flnd anywhere a
more prettily pleasing expression of the
lovef of friendship than the following
lines, in which John G. Whittier makes
childhood affection speak out the warm
feeling of the heart: .
. • I'm Borry that I spelt the word,
I hate to go above you, . / .
\-\ Because — the brown eyei lower fell —
Because, you see, : I love you!
Here Is onv'from Helen Hunt Jackson:
So much' we , miss . -.. '" ; V;\
If love Ui'W'eak, so much wo gain
: Iflovo Is strong; God thinks no pain
Too .sharp or ; lasting to ordain
To • teach us this.
Julia A. Baker taught us how to throw
a protective spell-charm ; around those we
love, thus : • " \u0084_ .
I cannot flnd a truer word
, \u25a0 Nor fonder to caress you ; *
Nor Hong.of poem I have heard
Is sweeter than "God bless you!"
God, bless you! So I breathe, a charm .
•• Lest Grief's dark - night . oppress you.
Then ' how can sorrow brine you harm
/' : lf 'tis God's way. to bless you.
Amos It. Wells showed : , the generosity
and Intensity of his" Interpretation of
frlendship\thus:
"Give, it! ;" Give it! whether the object
of i. your.: friendship becomes ' a friend or
not. .It is ; a most hindering error to sup
pose \u25a0 that ; two are required for friend
ship.'^,, \u25a0 ; ' '\u25a0;\u25a0.'; .' --. ;\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0•' .\u25a0 . -' \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0. :.-. ) \u25a0
;V;Eccleslastes has this: "Two are better
than V one; because they, have a good re
ward for. their, labor. -For if they fall, the
oneVwillillft^up' his; fellow." '-*
1 : Cicero said : ) "I \u25a0 am" of ; the opinion that,
except 'among the virtuous," friendship
cannot " * *ffiffij§!^Bffi|Hfiiff3§fi
Ralph Waldo. Emerson said: "Be a
gift and ia benediction." ~
- The -following :is taken j from -the divii
"slonrcalled \"The Sympathy of-Friend
ship I :- ; : — '/\u25a0 " : ::-: ; :..' :/,\u25a0-\u25a0. - ; * \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 '\u25a0
Ti "Those who have suffered much are like
those who, know ; many they^
have learned to* understand and to be un-;'
*derstbod-by;all."j' ': ' \ ;
Under the division, '.'lnfluence of Friend-
ship," this Is selected from Elizabeth
Barrett Browning: 'i&*S-
It is very good for strength
To know that some one needs you to be strong
Another good one from her about influ
ence .Is this:
None knelt at her feet confessed lovers in
thrall;
They knelt more to God than they used — that
was all;
If you Braised her as charming; some asked
'what you meant.
But the charm of her presence was felt when
she went —
My Kate.
.The words Tennyson put in the mouth
of Ulysses: "I am a part of all that I
have met" are, from the fact of their
being placed here, interpreted to mean a
friendly bond with all the voyager came
in contact. :
As for the wisdom of idealizing those
we like Mrs. Preston says:-
And God nhall make divinely real
• .'The highest form of thy ideal.
-In the division called "The Drvine
Friendship." Lucy Larcum has some
verse beginning with Christ's words: "Lo.
I am with you alway."
i.To close, here is one from the next best
book to the Bible:
• I Love Him and keep him for thy Friend, who,
when all go away, will not forsake thee. nor
suffer thee to . perish at the last.— Thomas a
Kernels.
-(Lee & Shepard, Boston; Jl net.)
NEW APPLICATION
OF OLD FAITH, 'M
"Back to Bethlehem" , Is a new book by
John H. Wllley, which treats of modern
problems in the light of the old faith.
It takes as its motto this from Jean Paul
Richter: "Tha holiest among the mighty,
and the mightiest. among the, holy. Jilted
with his pierced hands empires off their
hinges, and still governs the ages."
Its aim Is to show that we must pass
through that dim shadow of. God and
good, which modern science has laborious
ly arrived at "under the vague title "the
power that makes for righteousness,"
back -to Jesus Christ and his definite
teaching about the power being a heav
enly Father. In the chapter called "The
Service of God," the author says: "We
arc doing every day that which would
have been a miracle in the days of Chrys
ostom or Peter the, Hermit.. We are los
ing the sense of -wonder. No one knows
what will be possible to-morrow. We no
longer prove; the deity of Jesus by his
miracles. Given 1 his deity we expect the
miracles \o follqgK.-^They become dis
tinctions, rather ,than^credentials."
The gist of the may be got
from the following > extract, which is
taken from the essay called "The Gospel
of a Person": >jc \u25a0-\u25a0}
"The power, which is to transform the
race is not abstract, but concrete. It is
not subscription to a' creed nor obedi
ence to a law, nor indorsement of a sys
tem of morals. It Is devotion to a Per
fcon. 'For I krow whom I have believed*
is the first Apostles' creed. And herein
lies the secret; of a victory: a Person,
real, live, substantial, potential, the ex
ponent of truth, the substance of law, the
personification of love; a 'who' instead
of a 'what'; a man instead of a method;
a being who is himself afl that we ought
to be. This U the need of modern theol
ogy/ and this need Is met in Jesus
Christ." '
A chapter 'such as that shows a belief
that when Christ said, not "I show you
the way," but "I am the way," he meant
some very definite distinction between
himself and the other, prophets by the
use of that form of expression.
(Baton & Mains, New York; $L)
BOOK ABOUT JESUS
FOR BOYS.
"The Boys' Life of Christ." by William
Byron Forbush, author of "The Boy
Problem" and "Travel Lessons In the Ufe
of Jesus," Is a work designed to give the
life story of Christ in such a way as will
interest young boys in those characteris
tics of Jesus which approximate some
what to ideals boys may attain to by em
ulation: The tale is told so as to keep
to the truth of history so far as the act
ual words, of: Christ is concerned, but
there Is imaginative addition as to the
conversation of the people who surround
him. To give accuracy to this fiction part
the author has studied the • Holy Land
and the ways of its people, and read
many books about the life of Christ. The
attempt has^ been made to state the words
of Jesus in (modern English.
There are a number of good pictures
In the volume, Hofmann's beautiful "The
Boy Christ" being the frontispiece. Oth
ers arc from the paintings of the greater
artists. The most interesting of all these
is the one from the painting by Ferdinand
Panwells, called V'lf Thou Seek Him." It
is of a wounded soldier, alone in the night
upon 'a battlefield.- In a shaft of light
reaching through the darkness the .vision
of Christ is seen, clothed in ' white,
crowned with thorns, touching the sol
dier upon the" shoulder.
(Funk, Wagnalls & Co., New York.
»25.) \u25a0
NOTES OF WRITERS
AND BOOKS.
Excluding' authors and . critics whose
business "' is with literature, "preachers
are almost the. only people who know
their Browning -well." This assertion
Is made by Rev. • Dr. Charles Frederic
Aked ; of s Pembroke: Chapel,' Liverpool,
who I finds ; the explanation jof this fact
not merely in Browning's intimate con
cern with "the^unfolding -and , plays of
character," but' In successful por
trayal'of human nature", on the side of
it which looks toward God." Mr. Aked*
i recognizes In Mm. moreover, a vigor
ous and persuasive champion of tha
Christian position. In these four lines,
he claims, Browning "expresses th-»
conviction of a lifetime":
1 say, the acknowledgment of God In Christ.
Acceptetl by , thy reason, solves for thee
All questions in the earth and out of It. ':
And has so far advanced thep to be wine. '
—Literary Digest
v :''*:'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0.•\u25a0' ',•-.\u25a0\u25a0
Katherine Cecil Thurston. author of
"The Alasquerader" and "The Gambler."
Is a woman of destiny. This has beer*
amply proven by her brilliant, brief,
meteoric career as a novelist, and by an
other circumstance to be narrated later,
which makes a vigorous appeal to ona
phase of the human, mind— the belief in
the supernormal. For the writing, with
out previous literary training, of novels
such as "The Circle." "The Masquerader"
and "The Gambler." all of them showing
in the highest degree the art of the skilled
narrator, is not quite a normal hap
penny.
Mrs. Thurston was an only child, and
was educated at home by a -ovemess
As a little girl she showed no evidence
of literary genius, but was much given
to reading, being often discovered by her
governess curled up in out-of-the-way
nooks, reading a book, when she ought
to have been at her tasks. Up to the
time when she crew ud and married
Ernest. Temple Thurston. an. able London
Journalist and author, the young 'woman
had no idea of writing herself. Sho
laughed at her husband when, shortly
, after their marriage, divining her ability
he suggested that she write a short story
However. Airs.. Thurston tried, and suc
ceededr _.
Pqghaps the most human and touching
episode in James Branch Cabell's recently
published volume, "The Line of Love"
(Harpers), la the one' bearing the title of
"The Love Letters of Falstaff." In this.
*alstaff. grown old and stained and sor
did, comes face to face with his early
love of Xorty years before, and through
her sweet and tender eyes sees the boy
he once was, but now dead long since,
who might have been a gallant gentleman
had he but lived cleanly. A whole life's
meaning Is within the compass of this
tale which was. In fact, the germ of tho
book. When Mansfield was playing
•Henry V," Mr. Cabell was with the
New York Herald, and one night at a
supper after the play conversation turned
on Shakespeare's omission of FalstafT
from "Henry V," and thence on the old
story that Elizabeth had ordered him to
write a play showing Falstaff in love,
and how he evaded the order In the
Merry Wives of Windsor." It was con
tended that It was impossible to connect
Falstaff with th e notion of genuine love,
but Mr. Cabell wagered supper for tha
party that he could do it in two weeks'
time. "The Love Letters of Falstaff" was
the result, and Mr. Cabell was the guest
at a merry little supper not Ion? after.
In its original form the tale was a one
act drama, later rewritten and expanded.
-Harper's Literary Gossip. *»««\u25a0«•
, • • •
What are the chief differences of opin
ion between Darwin and Wallace? The
latter, naturally, wishes to answer the
question himself. Inasmuch as It is some
times asserted that he has given up the
most essential parts of the theory of
natural selection. In the book before us
Mr. Wallace declares that his only ma
terial differences with Darwin were on
four subjects, which he proceeds to con
sider separately. Concerning ?tVe"* origin
of the man, regarded as an intellectual
and moral being. Darwin's belief and
teaching were that man's whole nature
mental, and moral as well as physical,
was developed from the lower animals
by means of the same laws of variation
and survival. As a consequence of this
belief he maintained that there was no
difference in kind between man's natnre
and animal nature, but only one of de
gree. Mr. Wallace's view, on ths other
hand, is that there Is a difference In kind,
intellectually and morally, between man
and other animals; and that, while hi*
body was undoubtedly developed by the*
continuous modification of some ancestral
animal form, some different agency an
alogous-to that which first produced or
ganic life, and then originated conscious
ness, came Into play in order to develop
the hlsrher intellectual and spiritual na
ture of man.— Review. New York Sun. of
Alfred Russel Wallace's Autobiography.
• • •
In a conversation with the author of
"The Resurrection of Miss Cynthia," the
question was asked: "How did you come
to think of the plot?"
Mrs. Klnsrsley shivered a little, then
laughed. "I . dreamed it." she said
promptly, "and It wasn't a pleasant
dream, either. I thought I was told that
I had but a year to live. When I awoke
I was in full process of reconstructive
my life, while beads of anxious perspira
tion stood out upon my forehead. The
Impression was so vivid and lasting that
inevitably it worked out Into the story
of Miss Cynthia."
CHRIST WITH US.
EDWIN MARKHAM
"Inasmuch as ye did it unto th# least of these,
ye did it unto Me." - „•_, *
I cried aloud. "There Is no Christ
In all this world, unparadised!
No ; Christ t» go to. In my need —
No Christ to comfort m» and feed!
He passed in glory out of sight.
The angels drew Him Into light:
Now in the lonesome earth and air
I cannot find Him anywhere. '
Would God that Heaven were not so tXT
And I -were where the White Ones ar»!"
Then from the gray stones of a street
"Where goes an ocean drift of feet,
I heard. a child's cry tremble up.
And turned to share my scanty cup.
Whin, 10, the Christ I thought was d«aiS
'Was In the little one I fed*
' ' At " this I drew my aching eyes
From ' the far-watching of the skies;
And now, whichever way I turn
I see mT- Lord's white halo burn!
— Woman 1 * Home Companion.
2728
HUBERT DAVIES'
PLAY A SUCCESS
"Captain Drew dh Leave,"
Being Produced in London,
Wins Popular Approval
DRAMATISTS AT WAR
Lively Discussion Between
Henry Arthur Jones and
R. C. Carton Across the Sea
Sjx-cia.l Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Dec. 22.— Yet another big hit
must be re-corded for that uncommonly
f.-.cccssiUl young Anglo-American dra
matist. Hubert Henry Davies, and as a
consequence play-goers in America will
have lo wait a while longer for the re
turn vicit to the United . States, which
Sir Charles Wyn&hara hud planned to
make early in Januarj
. A while ago. when Ethel Barrymore
played his "Cynthia" over here, a con
% Jction gained ground that Davies had
lust some of his dexterity, for the play
was second-rate and a failure. But It
speedily developed that "Cynthia" was
not the latest, but a very early work of
the young playwright, and if any proof
v.ere needeu that the author of "Cousin
Kate" Is well up among the men who are
to be reckoned with it is to be found in
his new piece. "Captain Drew nn Leave"
with which Wyndham is now packing iiis
theater In St. Martin's Lane.
Oddly enough, both this play, and the
other navies comedy, which Wyndham
produced, "Mrs. Gorringe's Necklace,"
were slated by the criucs as "unreal."
but their success eeems to prove that the
young playwright ki.ows his public.
The "Captain Drew" of the present
piece is an old sea-dog with a strong
tendency for flirtation. One of the
guests at a country house, he makes
love to his host's wife "just for a lark,"
and not only wins her affection, but
falls hopelessly in love with her himself,
upon which, horrified at what he had
done, he flies from the scene and takes
himself off to sea again. Thus summed
tip it all sounds a little bald, but the
thing is done so deftly and Davies has
fitted Sir Charles. Wyndham and Mary
Moore •with such congenial parts that
an unmistakable success has been
scored at the New Theater. : „ ,
<And that is why. instead of playing
only six weeks In London and then
! hurrying °ff to America, as he Intended,
Wyndham is staying on In the metropo
lis Indefinitely. He will have to leave
the New Theater soon, it is true, for
that playhouse is leased to Julia Neil
son and Fred Terry, but "Captain Drew
on Leave" is merely to be transferred to
the playhouse in Charing Cross road,
which b^ars Wyndham's name, and will
be continued there as long as Its popu
larity lasts. Meanwhile Wyndham's
American tour is expected to be made
some time during thes prlng, when the
Davies play Is practically sure to be the
attraction. \* -;•-.- \u25a0
Meanwhile, perhaps the chief topic
in theatrical circles here is the rather
lively spat that has been goinp on be
tween Playwright Henry Arthur Jones
and Playwright R. C. Carton,' in the
course of which some excessively tart
things have been eaid. It all sprang
from that famous interview which
Jones g-a_ve out? in America and in
which he said that the English stage
was given up to "tomfoolery." On his
return Jones stood for that statement
and added that since "Mrs. Bane's De
fense" no serious drama had scored a
financial success in London. -
Perhaps the author of "Lord and
Lady Algy," who has produced several
successful comedies in the last year or
so. had been a trifle nettled by that
\u25a0word "tomfoolery," anyhow he ven
tured to question Jones' accuracy —
\u25a0whereupon the latter offered to give £50
to charity If Carton would, name a suc
cessful serious piece since "Mrs. Dane."
Carton prompt.y instanced Plnero's
"Iris"' and "Letty." "The Walls of Jeri
cho" and "Leah Kleschna."
Jones' reply was to deny that either
VJericho" or "Leah" was a serious
drama, which he defines as "a study of
modern life— sustained jto the inevitable
nonconventlonal unhappy end." He would
not be "drawn" as to the Ptnero plays,
for a perhaps obvious reason. As a mat
ter of fact. It was not understood that
either of them did more than pay ex
penses. Accordingly the argument has
ISMAR.
MEiEKIITEBW
A TEAR'S PROOF OF THE STBAK&E POWERS OF A ffOMDERFDL WOMAN
BY RALPH J. HAMMOXD.
r'-T^J^^TT-v^" ' ! '^"'' r7rr:^i^M. : P:%i T^i'-:- Owl train on the Southern Pacific, then
:.:*r " '\u25a0', *, 5^~,, .{:. ; . ' ; "\u25a0; ;i ot her foretelling of the wreck of the
•' \u25a0'' st ' ~ " ('( ' " . <. California Limited a few weeks later,
'• / ~ - -X' -»i then of many other things which seem
V s r !.y'-l- *"-* believed because 'she told of them first
£ ' ' . ' *\u0084 , and they happened afterward. Every
'*?§&&<'\u25a0 ; a , '-'''-'- - . ,"\u2666**< r-ti one rememberß the wreck of the three
i3ss" : * ", \u25a0-"\u25a0'stfiSXtSlL. '** *'~-~*~£& bi S vessels last summer, which happen-
*"'>*\u25a0>"-. }\rtBtßb2S&&: ! i'~~~. - v "r e ?f nl 5' . a f^ w dayß a P art - Sh« prophe-
- * '- \3Sm~"' '"- He*" -''\u25a0-.' '\u25a0 their fate a week before tne first
1 £*"* ' , JB f **£ \ WsM Bhe showed me a large number of let-
, ft ;'~ ww 1 \u0084' - ; , " tere, some from prominent people, who
' "' ' *nsS&!£&. • " \u25a0* write to express arratitude for benefits
! "$ ' \u25a03&BS&£> received from her. Most of these are
A+W&STBiBZ A - t'*"* '• - from people whom she has cured of
''- ' $£ JtKfi^Mr*^^ h \ \ * 7 ' -"-\u25a0 i some dlstresslngr or dangerous ailment.
A*s*Ksia& J' i. ,\ These letters come from every point of
!r2^M^^P^f/ftijlk • %i K-+£\ the compass, and the majority from in-
'": "' : > Er&>3BSm%?mir£B&m\ ','• ' ".'. telllgent and cultured people. Three, I
\u25a0 >*I3: \SSj^^r/Si W :.- '. :^ noticed, were from physicians, who re-
/rM VStaSCT '•2&fil' v»^ ' \u25a0 * quested that for professional reasons
"-l^Jmm '\u25a0'*\u25a0 ; V»t \u25a0 tney *' d not wish their letters publlsn-
'^^-^^ .-\u25a0\u25a0~il' y -''^^^4^]%^^^:^ cd. A number were from persons who
fjm '• JSHFi* - s v< \u25a0 -*i*.'ie«H Ws^ had been advised to do some certain
1 . Smilti-.' * y *I ; ?'*^H 1 thing 1 , had done it and had met success.
<\u25a0 , jlpiareuV "\u25a0- S ' .\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ?; -''^^H I ne missive was from a man in Tono-
• *ii4^3lV& -- -'-• * \u25a0•«" • vsfjimi P an - wno nad eight months ago invest-
gJgSzgli^g^Svv ' %KH <?d $2000 in mining stock on Ismar's ad-
lOjglligg***'*^.'*;. \u25a0 '\u25a0-.-'\u25a0 '.' . ;^|3jwap vice and had Just sold his interest for
ml I$ M Aft Yfie Gv ntvt •• Jl « Tx\ tfe $20,000. also on her advice. There was
ftft »»iTi/ti< t/wuypty jetrc^J f |ffi a good sized check of gratitude men-
r>r \u0084«..-c« . w' tfoned as having been sent to his bene-
T»n v «« c ? °. v have heard of lsi "ar? factress. She fails to see anything
-Pr^nrtT^Vi 0 . p £ epare against dan- wonderful in anything that she says of
11 * 1 may come to you does - " l want -to-do • good," she said;
onsuttin- wilh l° fi U m fr ay \i, How? ,?. y ;' alI , the « ood l ca ° for%ver'y one I can
SSKS^ P^ic. ISm c Ya,rv^anr Ot aS Jo^&ti^W is?- %%%&£^
w^^S^ d °? l hl % -^arkable hap^^^eiiev^o^^ufl^s ls^
?«££L~E!u?}? B <t fr l cn<s horn Bhe Pain, to heal, the sick, these are mv
m • I » cc « Bsful y .latins for what physi- tasks that I find greatest pleasure in "
cians have called cancer of the stom- Those are noble words expressed by a
nothing uncanny or repulsive. Indeed. aurinß >" e IJ<iat year -
she attracts like a magnet. She com- • The above interview by Mr Ralnh
pletely absorbed my attention, and be- Hammond is in keeping with. hundreds
fore 1 could collect my faculties I heard ; of letters and thousands ol orally Ix-
»l\ abent mr. past, my present and my pressed opinions of Ismar and the great
close affiliations in friendship and busi- t work she is accomplishing. Whilf her
»ef:s. Thon comes a warning not to do j work as a healer is wonderful she is
such and gucb v thing which lam con- beyond doubt the greatest psychic and
tomplating. I decided at once to obey, j clairvoyant in the world to-day She
Hex words carry conviction. I feel that j has resided Jn.San Francisco continu-
Khe speaks the truth, bhe delves deep j ously: for eight years,, and neither in
into the future She tells me many j prophecy nor healing power has she
things I must not do, and a number of ! ever = failed in a single case.* Consult
things. l must do in order to secure my : her now ua
welfare. I feol grateful to her. because j Three. questions 7 answered for $1 00-
I know that beiug forewarned of disas- ! full life reading. $5.00. Office hours' 10
tors and dangers I am forearmed ;a. m. to:T, p. m.; Sundays, 10 to l"> •• Of
;; gainst them. 1 fi C c, 1104 Market street, San Francisco
Then we talk of herself — Ismar. the Cal... Phone East 1265 . '
rlalrvoyant,. psychic and healer. We! Beware of unscrupulous persons
discuss, her wonderful prophecy of last i traveling about' the country and claim-
sprlnc concerning the wreck of the i ing to be Ismar.* They are . impostors
LOCATE MINES
OF GREAT VALUE
Mexican Buscones Operate
Properties of Great Rich
ness in State of Sonora
GUARD THEIR SECRET
Refuse All the Offers Made
Them to Disclose Where
They Found Precious Metal
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 23.— An interesting
account of the mines of fabulous richness
situated in the state of Sonora and which
are operated secretly by the Indians of
that region Is given by T. G. Gibson, a
prominent American mining man: of Te
pisco, that state. The Indians are called
Mexican buscones. Gibson said:
"A few weeks ago a Mexican of the
buscon class offered to sell me a consid
erable amount of placer gold,- .which he
claimed he had found within 100 kilo
meters of Tepisco, but he refused to tell
me where he had got it. Among this gold
was one nugget as large as an ordinary
sized marble. A friend of mine bought
this gold for $300 and a day or two later
sold it for $565.
"It is no uncommon thing to find the
buscones of that part of the country with
gold for sale. This nugget"— here he ex
hibited a piece of smoothly worn wash
gold of Irregular shape, about half an
inch long and a little over a quarter of
an Inch wide, with a piece of white quartz
running crosswise through it— "l bought
from a buscon some three years ago in
Tepisco. He had several other pieces of
fine gold ore, but I bought this one sim
ply for the purpose of making a pin out
of it.
"About eight months ago a buscon
brought into Tepisco a muleload of silver
ore, which be sold for {260 to one of the
local ore buyers. All efforts to induce
him to reveal -the place where he ob
tained the ore proved of no avail/ When
he found that he was watched by spies
of mining men he went back on a little
corn ranch that he had in the neighbor
hood and th'erc he stayed until those
watching him got tired. About two
months ago he suddenly disappeared and
had not again been seen there at the time
of my departure, two weeks ago. In my
opinion he is again on the hunt for the
mine from which he got the ore. Or, if
be knows where it is, he is taking ore out
of It on the quiet, for he sold out all his
corn and realized on his other crops at a
sacrifice before he left. It may be that
he Is taking out denouncement papers. But
this I doubt, for an Indian of that coun
try rarely^ ever does that, for It means
the payment of taxes and, incidentally,
the revealing of the place where the mine
is situated. The Indian about there has
been so badly treated and cheated that he
is afraid of every one, and suspicious of
even the mining authorities, and in this
he has been in the right, though now
there is scarcely a district about; where
he would not meet with fair treatment.
But I have known of many an Indian being
bluffed out of his claims by some mining
man with money, and I am sorry to say
that Americans have been among the
bluffers.
"The silver ore which this Indian
brought into the town was an oxide, al
most jet black, running like a great seam
through a wide vein of hard lime forma
tion. I confidently expect that some day
this district will be discovered, and then
j look out for a boom. One of the pieces of
ore brought in by the Indian assayed
SISOO to the ton in silver and $1500 to the
ton In gold. Very little of It ran much less
The man who made the assay tried every
means In his power to induce the Indian
to tell him where the hidden mine is sit
uated, but the best he could get out of
him was that it was in the north at a
considerable distance from Tepisco and
that the whole region, which is on the
borders of the hot lands, is seamed with
veins of silver ore.
"Many people have beep seen on the
hunt for this hidden mine ever since the
Indian brought in tiQ famous ore some
months ago." \u25a0.--'' ; -- '\u25a0;
raged round the question ' whether "The
Walls of Jericho" 'and "Leah Kleschna"
are serious drama, and the rather heated
controversy between the two playwrights
leaves it unsettled. So, nobody gets Mr.
Jones' fifty pounds.'
THE SAN FRANOSCO^CALL, SUNDAY;^ DECEMBER 24: 1905.
EXPLORER MAY
LAND IN PRISON
Clergyman Accuses Him of
Theft of Gifts and Sup
plies Sent to Islanders
FACES SERIOUS CHARGE
Thomas Caradoc Kerry Held
for Trial for Larceny Com
mitted on the High Seas
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec 23.— When gome eighteen
months ago .Thomas Caradoc Kerry, a
wealthy explorer from Australia, ob
tained a three years' lease from the Co
lonial Office of three uninhabited guano
laden islands in the South Atlantic for
$375 a year, he thought that he had got
hold of a bonanza dirt 'cheap. But at
present his . speculation seems far more
likely to land him in Jail than to make a
fortune for him. After an exhaustive po
lice court hearing that has dragged along
for nearly two months he has been held
for trial on the charge of larceny on the
high seas within the jurisdiction of the
Admiralty of England. And indirectly it
is all owing to his covetously earning, to
convert those virgin ' guano heaps into
cash.
The three little islands which myriads
of sea birds have been enriching for. cen-r
turies are known as the Inaccessible,' the
Nightingale and the Goff. They belong
to the Tristan d'Acunha group. - Tristan
d'Acunha Itself, the parent Island, is only
twenty . miles In circumference and situ
ated midway between the Cape of Good
Hope' and the coast of j South America is
about the loneliest spot on the globe. But
it serves as a- home for some' three score
people toward whom the Colonial Office
occupies the position of a species of-ben
evolent godfather. So when the authori
ties there made the agreement with Kerry
they inserted a clause to the effect that
he should transport mails, supplies and'
presents for the islanders free of charge.
Kerry had purchased an old gunboat, the
Pandora, which he converted into a steam
yacht, and when, in September, 1904, he
announced his intention of making a trip
to his guano islands the ! Colonial Office
inserted an advertisement in several : pa
pers inviting all and sundry .who cared to
make presents to the Islanders to send
them on board the Pandora.
KERRY MAKES A MISTAKE.
The Rev, Frank Stone, secretary to the
Mission to Seamen, took the matter in
hand and sent out a number of appeals
to manufacturers and others asking for
supplies of foodstuffs, clothing, books,
etc. More than forty boxes filled with
all sorts . of eoods were , shipped on the
Pandora. Among those who responded to.
the appeal wasithe Duchess of Bedford.
She sent a , blc parcel of : books to the
Tristan folk.' Bearing in mind that they
are a primitive people, and that few of
them are able to* read and write, it is
rather interesting to note what sort of
books the Duchess considered best adapt
ed to thejr simple taste. Among those
she picked* out for them were "A Lady of
Quality," "The Broom Squire," "The Lu
natic at Large," "Folly. Corner," "Under
the Bed Robe," "Palestine Explored,"
"People of the Mist" and "Forgotten
Children." The Mission . to Seamen con
fined their selection to devotional works.'
Kerry had his own ideas of what" sort of
mental diet was best adapted » to the
Tnstaners, .and very likely they came
nearer the mark than j those of ; the Du
chess. But he made a' mistake in assum
ing that he had any right of supervision
in the matter. According to the evidence
he threw many of the books, particularly
the devotional ones, overboard. ' He told
his crew they, could help themselves free
ly to other* He allowed them the same
privilege with regard to', much of the
clothing. On. Christmas day, by way of a
joke, he rigged out his cabin* boy in fem
inine attire that some good-natured donor
had . intended for a j Tristan d'Acunha
belie. It is alleged that at St. Helena and
Sierra Leone he sold some of the goods.
He presented a portmanteau filled with
books to the library on the island of As
cension. v
VOYAGE A JOLLY ONE.
The Tristaners got only' a small portion
of the things that had been intended for
them, but in blissful j ignorance \of what
they had missed they were profoundly
grateful for the gifts they : : received.
None of the books that | the Duchess of
Bedford had selected with such painstak
ing care • were among them, but - that did
not ' prevent Kerry . on his return home
from writing her I Grace a letter telling
her how delighted the island ". folk were
with the books she had sent them. >. ; ?
The voyage of the Pandora to Tristan
d'Acunha and back was a jolly one, but
some of the crew. talked too freely of the
good times they had had on board. Some
of their stories came to the Rev. Mr.
Stone's ears and he started an investiga
tion. To ; his horror he discovered that
many religious works which he had
fondly hoped would be the' means of guid
ing the islanders safely to a better, world
had been, consigned to Father.' Neptune.
He made charges against Kerry, with
the i result ' that . the , whole , story was
threshed out in a police court and the ven
turesome explorer— he is credited with be
ing the only /white man who ever crossed
New ; Guinea— lnstead of working . his
guano deposits has to remain In London
under heavy, bail awaiting his trial on^ a
charge that the law regards as plain
stealing.
ISLAND HAS A HISTORY.
Tristan d'Acunha, which is so seldom
heard of nowadays, once possessed ' a na
tional interest for Great Britain. : It was
in 1517 that the island was annexed, \u25a0 and
its seizure was a tribute to k the terror
inspired by the name \u25a0 of Napoleon. ' St.
Helena held him fast, but . the dread of
his escape led to the use .of Tristan
d'Acunha as a kind of watch tower, from
which suspicious | craft could b» | followed.
With the death of j Napoleon in 1821 the
British soldiers ; were \u25a0 withdrawn, except
Corporal Glass and two \u25a0 of- his compan
ions, "- who '.. became the.: founders of the
present colony, in which there is a strong
admixture of negro blood.
The Island, remote and t small as. it is,
has had its history. -Twenty. years ago,
when the population was \ nearly a . hun
dred, almost the entire adult male inhab
itants were' drowned Jn a futile attempt
to board a : passing . ship. . At a later pe
riod they were threatened ; with being
eaten out of house and home by. a scourge
of rats. V But they fought' rats with ,' cats
and conquered. * According: to the last
missionary who 'lived among: them, there
are lots of ghosts;- on the; island. That
may be ;j one 'why, "\u25a0 since Ihe '• left
them Borne , ten years j ago, \ no other : min
ister has been found bold ; enough ; to : take
his placed . In some i respects ; the"- inhab-'
ltants lead an ~ idyllic | existence, : for I they
have solved the problem of living without
that root of all evil— money. , ;V; V
Paris Likes ; Bishop Potter.
PARIS, Dec. V 23.— Bishop -'and • Mrs.'
Potter have been much tin" evidence in
Paris : during their fortnight's on
the way Axi their Egyptian winter.quar-'
ters. ; * They were >at the^embassy/irat
several * ' thanksgiving \ celebrations ' iof
the 'different American /circles ' and > fhi- L
ally', at the f American fArtV Association;
where' also ; Consul 'General -and , Mrs.
Mason \ xnade-J acquaintance 'with : the
Latin : quarterv-;;The ' Bishop's ; humorous
fertility was Uhe ', the colony,'
for^ he'had an entirely ; hew and, appro-:
prlate Joke", for; every; occasion.*/. „ '\u25a0
;Time;to .clean up now. Time to seek out the odds and ends and .the broken lots. Time
to cut the^- prices deep enough, to make .sure the work of clearance in the next five
days. Every department contributes: special features: Money-saving sales are to be
\u25a0launched in every section. Your interest is obvious if you want to save money.
$25.00 Eton Suits for $16.75
; This is hardly a clearance, for in . And they are the latest Eton ideas. .-*3ssfc.-
«'i the lot is a special purchase, which Cheviot is the principal material, while /HVlski\
jl-'-' ar Th\%l^Vli\^tts\hthz[r- cver - v popular color, such as blue, reds
k!< ] - line-H ot Tdesi«iW' in red and hlue >r and black, is represented. The pretty C/3^RiSo— ~ —^
> ' ; : They are made' on semi-severe . , vest effects, the rich braid trimmings,
models, in novelty materials. the clean-cut designs— these are the fca-
FranTsl: ght in er^ either'^ tures which commend this lot of Suits fa .\u2666 JWjW ,t \
. >®s^r rancis o win you. And think' of the price reduction! /jfl"f/»VJ
X^^^^. y^fc Don't woit later than Tuesday. " That means something to the family t«tt£/?^p?^
asfesi wA
/:.;..'-^-/.--'.". ; --v-.-:- -^i^V-'-"-V."-''-"-"* : -^^' ;^l^Sw black and white, checked and plaid The new and popular styles in black, jttV
w'^'&^s&y^'^ in blue, black and green, with self- gray and tan. Braid-trimmed collars, Jll I * SBX*
t^^ :^^l^^'^T'Wi&^ H COl ° r polka dots - narrow box plaits and strap backs ars //-f Mf!v\
®KSSP ¥m!?^tmr Dainty lawn turnovers are fea- features that you will notice first. 1 1<\ W-TvNX
J/mrffi&tfr tures of the pretty collars. //'/ 1/ ?\u25a0 I \WV
Wm/M : - $7.50 sutwriTts $3 95 SKirt Sale Ipl '[M
r &W!w llnil'- < MJI»M J1 »^ V \u25a0 . .s- .._•;.. s - : JO.? J Etamine and Voile Dress Skirts in //•'J I 1 Sv
-yM'nlllll'K r^Fine;Messah%e Silk Waists, with- black and blue only. Trimmings are of / /? ? f 1 ' 1
TkM\ \< HI I ft\ he Ver , y ]att , st sleeves > yokes of fancy braid and strap effect seams. The I§ jL % \ *«i
jßu'/i!| \W * o?^ ?are the^ne fashion" cflls reductions are: '$ JL^A IP
I* Most every sire will be w.ell repre- $7.50 and $10.00 Skirts $3.75
.. sented when the sale starts/ $12.00 and $15.00 Skirts $6.50 *5*-
Kibbon Clearance Laces Reduced 25 and 50 Per Cent Millmery Sale
Fancy Ribbons are all to go, and f "^-^^-Tr This department 'will attract attention \u25a0 $6 *i P O Mf Tr^ff < . < !l "hSk indtdes
the following reductions should .tlil^tfSELJ * 1 Tuesday and all through the sale. Rem- f™** 1%! u!'a™al ha?a Th"
make the work easy: . ' iTTTJ^rTi "ants, discontinued patterns, etc., will be | O om vStSncd ?he snr-
45c Satin and Moire 25c -lift P"ced far below the ordinary mark. . material 3 jntoj nt0 this lot. By
(Two-toned, 4^ inches wide.) ®I^J 1 07 / TlP^tk $2.00 to $3.50 AllOVerS $1.50 this means you get the very 1a-
. 45C Novelty Checks 25c [{IJ> '<£•£& In the following materials: test styles and we gain our point
(4 .inches wide; some dots, too.) & WSW^i mM Embroidered Chiffon, Persian Effects, Point cm closing out the materials
65c Novelty Stripes 25c & WllM^ffWg? Llerre La «, Venice Lace, Street Hats. $i. S o-Reduced from
(S inches wide.) ./ Baby Irish Lace. $ 3003 o0 and $4.00 Turbans and
75c Roman Stripes. . . . . . .p \/WMW The patterns are all good. The broken £ ri °™ b^gafnTrlce
(Rich combination, 6m. wide.) ]/ Wsmm yardage makes them less valuable to us, Girls' B-iver Flats $3 95-Th c
$1.00 Dresdens . ........... ..soc '..-ftSBß^/... r but they are as good as ever to you. , ar price ,s, s and $4.00.
. (6 inches wide.) Lace, Net Trimming ' Clean-up of Fine The color assortment is good,
§mmm^MM Remnants, M'Off mo^o^oM
and most wanted shades.) A big assortment of designs in The quantity insures you a plenty grade. Styles colonial. These
\u25a0 " " . '. all fhe patterns that have been The * lengths are generous, and are great rainy day hats for the
:fe-Tn?»«tc^WAsii.?- popular this season. One-fourth when it comes to using them up, „ ? irls t J " school.
lnianiS Wear . off g the rule 'in every case. there will be small waste. School Hats. 75c— Reduced from
Theitems given below may "be. Venice Galoons-One-half off. itO2^ inch widths sc yard". f l j°l Shbon^t'reamJrs inevd
taken as indexes which show the ' Black Venice Galoons and inser- 2^, to a,Vz inch widths. .. .10c yard h? e nrfln? colors mak? them daVh-
saving -possible. The clearance in tions, on all prices ranging from Don't miss the Lace Counter intr and stvlishr'
this department will include every 25c to $1.25 a yard, just divide 'Tuesday, for many splendid bar- ,g, g _£
v broken lot: by 2, and you have the sale price. gains besides these will be here. / DrCSSID^ SaCQUCS 2nd
Baby Slippers — All colors and all "\u25a0 \u25a0 Kimnnn^
lltplhfi £|llp?J .'-Clearance of Needed Notions M-isSfeM^ ,, 5 n n s
*$^l^^% in Iff g msm B^^B^B^B
DuvSi Silk Foundation C011ar5....... 5 c Coat's darning cotton, 3 balls 5 c Flannelette Sacques and Kimonos
/Se^^il^ce^le^Si ffsoc Round Garters... 25c Cube Pins, large and 5ma11.... 5 c -Light and dark shades some
the 5-day clearance you gettnem Kirby.'-rNeedle .' Ca5e5. ;........ .25c Climax Pin Books, plain, and .in stripes and others in Persian
, ,',"\u25a0;' '"^y\"'V'v^ Cabinet Hat Pin 5.............. 5c safety pins, 3 for .".25c effects. Regular $1.00 values go.
Infants ...Wrappers— -Made : of white . B one Hair Pins, d0zen........ 10c Pearl Buttons, dozen.- 5c beginning, Tuesday, at 48c
,/ Shaker :flannel>and: daisy cloth. Kid Hajr v Curlers, d0zen...'... . 5c English Pins, paper. 10c Flannelette Sacques and Kimonos
fe^flk^ThlW^il^s^fe And hundreds of other.things, all marked down in price for clear- ~J^ flannelette is of a fine,
pink silk, lhe sale price is.. 45c ance purposes *> soft quality and every pattern is
Flannel Drawers^— Fine .'-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0...\u25a0-\u25a0*.'-.- . .-. • new. These garments are worth
flannel. Features , are muslin :t . __ .- . _«_ - B $i-5o regularly. The sale price
bands and bound seams. Sizes • £**%% &*% • 0 fw 79C
2to 12 years— . I*% I MfS¥f%l& j*C/* \u25a0£ - 4% Flannelette Sacques and Kimonos
Special at.. 23c, 29c, 35c and 45c jt*JL/ m MsdLs \JL £/*/ * $& CJv m^Cr $ —Their good features show at a
Knit Skirts— Some with waists, . .^r. * &*r 9 *!^*f glance. The new and striking
others with draw strings; various ' Tho MnrioKt T>rtro Ktnre* patterns, the original designs, the
plain colors and combinations; 1 fie JVIOUesZ l~rice Jiore splendid workmanship are ma-
ges Ito 12 years— /"^ % g^^r, -.-.. rinri C wn n+ Una stantly apparent; $2.00 values are
Special at... ..35c, 38c and 48c i^OT, Cr&Ctfj' ] CLflCl KjICLTIZ JtVB. j offered for $1.35
FINDS RECORD
OF A GULLIVER
:\u2666\u25a0..,, — ;
offi<!ial in British Museum
Makes: an Interesting Dis
covery at Westminster
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec 23.— 1n spite of : both
the length of time that has passed
since "Gulliver's Travels" was written
and the world- wide fame of that lively
work up to a few days ago it had never
been » known how Dean Swift happened
to hit -on its hero's ; quaint \ appellation
of "Lemuel Gulliver." A V chance i dis
covery by a 'British; Museum official,
however, has proved ithat there ! one*
was a real Lemuel wulllver : and that
Swift had undoubtedly heard of him
before he wrote the book that nearly
every boy has read. .
The rather Interesting dlsoovery
mentioned took place \u25a0.. In • this • wUe. ".-• In
the ancient" archives of the London
parish of .Westminster there is r a box
labeled "Miscellaneous" Documents,"
which^for .many years no one 'has
thought it worth while to disturb. A
week or bo ago, however, EY J. L." Scott
'of the ; Britis h. Museum took a .^look
through ' these documents and among
them* found 'a dozen.' or more relating
to * certain \u25a0• legal • proceedings taken ?by
one Lemuel^" Gulliver 'of f Westminster
against "Peter: Swift ; for,* putting I him,
Gulliver, out of i some premises : i in •;' St
John's parlsh.of Westminster, / Accor
ding to Scott's \ researches f. this ;-\u25a0 Peter
Swift does > hot :; Beem \u25a0\u25a0 to ." have '; been Vof
the c same ' family as , the . famous ; Dean,
but he did live at Lorigdon, In Hertford
shire, which is close ' to , Goderich, "•!, where
.Thomas Swift," grandfather of Jonathan
Swift, was vicar. \u25a0 . J : i- : "
... And that Dean ' Swift ;' had . heard of
Lemuel • Gulliver as a litigant is \u25a0 proved
; in a way by an episode in, the. "Travels."
\u25a0 Those who | remember v that (work will
recall that ' Gulliver,^whenv questioned
by ' t be King \u25a0 of :;Brobdlgnag \u25a0; as \to j, the
courts \u25a0of justice) in i'hls'j, native): land,
'remarked \u25a0\u25a0 that the'^was'; the' better ; abla
to satisfy his) Majesty j because he , had
been; formerly", almost: ruined.. by a long
suit oinl; Chancery, :.which was decreed
for; himii; with 'costs: ' .:,] \j ".- - :\ ;
• ...Interested ~ by -'.these re
garding the original Gulliver,' Scott' : has
traced - the t Gulliver^ family )"\u25a0 history,
which, he ' finds,) goes ; ; back ito * Eliza
bethan times, ,'when, v ' however, the name
,was .s pelt "Collyyer." ;\u25a0-\u25a0'! ; ,~- :_\u25a0'. > ,:r,
I hear that .George. Moore, 'who 'has
ieftV Dublin ; and means ; ,to^ divide; his
time _• between London^ and jj Paris . heref
after, i will, shortly^ begin r *. work -on an
autobiographical V book ; which he .•*\u25a0: will
call "Memoirs ] ot^a.. Dead (' Life."?; ; When
it ; Ist; flri Ished j the k author.-, of '.'."Esther^
.Waters'.'Jis planning, to jwrit'e a novel jiti
'whlchlthef English; Nonconformists \ will
flgur ej largely. u ; v : ' ;:.!.- ">.
Rider Haggard v'must have : felt in-
clined to-pat himself on the back .one
morning this week. On the morning
in question the English newspapers
announced'-tfh important discovery In
East Africa . which is foreshadowed
practically .in detail in the pages of
"Allan .- Quatermaln," perhaps Hag
gard's best novel, which was written
fifteen years or more ago. It seems
that about 100 miles east of Lake Vic
,toria Nyanza there is another lake,
surrounded by caves and called . Nai
vaaha. This is a body of fresh water,
whose outlet,' however, . always has
been a mystery. It has now been dis
covered by A. T. Angell, a British Sur
veyor,i that the mysterious lake emp
ties into a : large . subterranean /river,
and what this * means will Immediately
strike -the- many, readers ; of "Allan
Quatermaln." s ', *-'£
Nalvasha is, ' in fact, ' the lake with
the caves,, which Is ' de
scribed \in the chapters which narrate
the hero's plunge into the unknown in
search for the mysterious white race.
The j grewsome incident by. whichv the
Reaves; were discovered, will be remem
bered—how,, the'natlve servant Wak
wafl dived" Into the lake and was
"Bucked-: -with, . frightful rapidity*!
through the arch that ~ gave >. entrance
to the' mysterious; river and how his
corpse followed the canoe throughout
its subterranean. passage.
80 Haggard can be added to the
other novelists of • note— chief of all
Jules - Verne — whose theories, put In
the .; guise of fiction, have eventually
: been : confirmed In- fact,
j^ And now we have the memoirs of an
American dentist!
,i,Thomas e "W^ Evans. In whose .house
the Empress Eugenic sought refuge
when } she • fled t from the Tulleries, : has
been writing an autobiography, and Its
: publication; is expected >.\u25a0 to take _ plaoe
• shortly.; in England. .' Dr. : Evans claims
intimate; acquaintance . with Louis Na
poleon and " the ; public are promised
this celebrated dentist's impressions ; of
; the"" Emperor, -'which .were a result of
the- closest kind of 'observation ex
tending for; a? number j of ; years. Five
. thrilling/ chapters] are ?. to be; devoted to
the : description -ot the j secret* flight' of
the , Empress to \u25a0 England • in ; Dr. . Evans'
charge.-. ,; . - \u25a0 \u25a0;•.' « ? "\- : .
Tilton \u25a0 Robust : at Seventy.
PARIS, Dec' 28.^-f Theodore Tilton, the
p6et;<once: famous;! in "connection with
the Henry Wardßeecher case; celebrat
ed hiss 'seventieth birthday at < his, home
in 2 the 1 ?Ayenuel Kleber, - but this "-. year
without"; the fdinner \ party that has be
come i traditional ; ih' ; the f American 1 ite
raryi!set."> He \ was temporarily indis
posed, \,i though; -generally in \ robust
health.Twlth the. springy. walk apd man
ner which- earned 'him, the name of ."the"
Walt Whitman'of .theßoulevards." •He
isVputtlng'the j finishing on a
new^. volume of poems .which were writ-"
ten-during^his^sumrner/stay in the ar
tistic colonyj of Barbizon.'
3lorsan : Biiya a Statue.
PARIS, -i Dec. : 23.—- J.) Pierpont Morgan
has " been ', profiting : largely ?by j the > sale
of ,the'art;collections_:of ; M.\Cronier, t the
Frerich'(sugar \u25a0 king, . who • recently Com
mitted 'suicide. ."Agents have '\u25a0 bought" up
some 1 of ' -j the ; " most j precious ""objects : for
Mr.'. Morgan.^the chief .being"', the famous
statue [of, Flora' by^Carpeaux. for. which
M.vCronier paid ; $5000 and Mr.'*. Morgan
$12,500." \u25a0 .: "' :V-;. ' \u25a0^BBBBB&fiMBB
3IUSEU3I OF VALE UNIVERSITY, ~
MAKES A NOVEL EXPERIMENT
Ascertains the Original TVeiffht When
Alive, of One. of the Great
t ' Saorlans.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Dec. 23.— An
interesting experiment has lately been
completed at the Peabody Museum of
Yale University to ascertain the orig
inal ; weight when alive of one of the
great Saurians, the fossil remains of
which were found in the Bad Lands
of Wyoming by the late Professor C.
C. Marsh. An. exact model on a small
scale was made of the Saurian, based
upon the skeleton and 'usins the dis-,,
placed water test and. carrying out the
computation, the original weight was
ascertained as about 77.000 pounds, or
thirty-eight and a half tons.
The Peabody Museum owns the com
plete specimen of a skeleton and has
already: mounted the hind quarters,
which stand to a height of somewhat
more than sixteen feet, the Saurian it
self being about seventy-three feet
long. The museum also owns part of
a skeleton of a considerably larger
specimen, which has not been mounted.
Marion de vrles honored
;_ by. associate: appraisers
Former Calif ornlan la; Chosen Presi
dent ot . Federal ' Board for . the
Ensuln* Year.
, NEW. YORK. JDec 2 3.— Hon. Marlon
do Vrlet, former member of Congress
from California and now a member of
the: Board of -United States Gen
eral Appraisers, has been signally
honored by his associates, who
have elected him president of the
board for the ensuing year. De
Vries', friends consider this a gTeat
compliment, ; inasmuch as he. a Demo
crat, was chosen from among nine dis
tinguished members, nearly all of
whom are Republicans.
VALLEJO THEATER IS ENTERED
AXD.DIAL OF SAFE BLOWN OFF
Thieves Disturbed at Their Work, 31 nn
aare to Get Away With a
' Revolver. \ (
VALLEJO, Dec. 23.— 1t was /discov
ered to-day, that the Novelty Vaude
ville Theater was robbed last night.
The burglars entered . through a' sky
light in the theater, broke open a lock
er, - got . a hammer and chisels and
broke > open 'the door of a room con
taining .a combination safe. The
thieves : were evidently disturbed at
! their work; for after knocking off - the
dial of the safe . they left. " The . only
thing 'stolen was a revolver.
Old Thief Caaght Again.
- SAN ; JOSE. Dec. 23.'— Frank Johnson,
arrested i this ; morning for stealing ' a
bicycle, \ proves to be a three- termer,
he. having-^been r sent to San Quentln
from* Humboldt;,County. for ten years,
from this county In 1901 for five years,
and "prior- to -these sentences for one
and a half * years. ;He was working on
the' sewer' when' arrested. ,
Prison- Preak . Leader to Hanc.
.*\ SACRAMENTO," Dec. 24.— Francisco
Qui jadoi : recently, convicted of assauU
to ": murder; % in v attempting'- to escape
from _;Folsom prison last December,
was sentenced' to.be : hanged at Folsom
by? Judge; 1 R C.'-Hart of the Superior
Court to-day. JKUSKprtSC^i
ACTOR CRAKE PREPARES
SURPRISE FOR HIS FRXBXDS
Arranses to Have a Carlstmas Tre* <
X ..Set Up on the Train an Which
He Is Travellns.
jj DENVER, C 010.,' Dec. 22. — Before hia
departure to-day f ronn Denver, Wil
liam H. Crane, the actor, prepared a
pleasant surprise to be given tho mem
bers of his company while en route to
San Francisco, where they will opeJl
with "The American Lord" on Monday
nlsht. Crane has arranged to have a
decorated Christmas tree set up on
board the train and on it will be hung
presents for all the members of hi*
party. "With Crane, in addition to his
theatrical company, ' are his wife and
several friends. The party occupies
two special cars on the Union Pacific's
Overland Limited.
CAR JITMP9 TRACK AXD GRXVD*
UXFORTUXATE MAX TO PIECES
Trolley Leaves Rails on Cvrre and
\u25a0 Strikes an Unknown Waiting; a
Chance to Board It.
TACOMA, Dec 23. — A South Tacoma
street trolley car Jumped tho track on
a curve at Thirty-eighth street this
mornlnff and struck a man who was
waiting to board ths car. The man
was ground to pieces under the wheels.
At first It was thought a do? had bean
killed, but finally the boots of a man.
a lunchboz and a five-cent piece were
found. The -car plowed into th£
ground a foot deep and the skull ana
bones of the unfortunate victim were
reduced to atoms. His identity cannot
bo determined.
\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 SALE 1
WATCnW
1 1-Karnt Gold-FUled 20-Year Gen-
tlemen's Watc-u, IS size, with a 15-
JeAvel Waltham or Elgin tnove-
~ ment; guaranteed for cr-gn r?A
pric/i^-0. . .R. R . esu ! a : W.3V
LaillrV 14-Knnit Gotrt-Filled UO-Yenr
AVatch. with a Waltham. Elgin or
Hampden movement; guaranteed
for* 20 years. Regu- tf»-ff, p/\
lar price $20....'.....
Mail orders given prompt attention.
ASLETVW
JEWELER
804 MARKET SKi
f s£K S UA.it ? BXJI UU NO
_/ : - \u25a0 - \u25a0 , „ _. • -Ihe Call Prints More News 1 nan Any Uther raper rubusried in oan rrancpsco
THE WEATHER.
Forecast for December 24, 1903.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Pair
Sundar xnoK of tha day and probably
heavy £ro*t in the momlnr; light
northeast wlnfia chanrlns to southwest.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCIX— NO. 24.
THOUSANDS KILLED OR WOUNDED IN MOSCOW BATTLE
LOYAL TROOPS AND INSURGENTS USE ARTILLERY
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 24, 4a. m.— The terrific battle begun yesterday in -Moscow between t revolutionists and loyal troops was
waged fiercely throughout the night and has not yet ended. Both sides are employing artillery and- machine guns. The number of killed
and wounded will run far into the thousands. Reports are being circulated here that some of the troops have gone over to the rebels.
GIRL ROBS
AN OAKLAND
POSTOFFICE
Lulu Bowen Ad
* mits Large Em
bezzlement
Squanders Coin on L
W. Baker, Promi
nent Man.
Latter Drops From Sight, but
Will Be Implicated if
He Is Captured.
OAKLAND, Dec. £3.— Charged with the
theft of thousands of dollars of United
Btates pustofnec funds. Miss Lulu M.
feowtn, clerk at postofflce sub-station No.
I, Broadway, near Tenth street, was ar
rested to-night by Deputy District At
torney Barrett J. Brown, acting on be
hair of his mother, Mrs. Matilda Brown.
Superintendent of the station. The arrest
follows an investigation which has been
In progress for several daye by United
Etates Postofflce Inspector R. W*. Mad
dern.
The young woman made a confession
to-nght to Rrown and Maddern in which
sh» admitted a heavy shortage in her
Recounts.
Behind the unusual case of defalcation
kLes the story of a. foolish girl's unfor
" tunate infatuation for a young married
*nan of this city, upon whom, it is said,
Miss Bowen had freely lavished the
money she is accused of having appro
priated. That man, according to Miss
Uowcn's confession, is L. W. Baker, head
tot the Baker Printing Company, 426 Ninth
Street. Baker hi? disappeared and efforts
ef the officials to locate him have thus
far resulted in naught. He is said to be
fcway on a business trip. Ac soon as
the tJovernment authorities locate the
mining man he will be arrested as an
feceompiice of Miss Bowen.
OFFICIALS AFTER BAKEII.
The Postofhce officials have taken every
frecaution to apprehend Baker. The seal
tf secrecy has been placed upon the lips
bf every one concerned in this extraordi
nary case. First intimations of irregular
ities in the accounts of Miss Bowen, who
liad full chargre of the sub-station, came
a short time igo from the PostofSce De
partment at Washington. Discrepancies
tvere discovered in the money order re
turns of the ttation. The records were
carefully expertod and word was sent to
the Postoffice officials here that something
was wrong. Inspector Maddern was as
r!gned to the case, and within a very
few days the evidence of defalcation was
procured. Mrs. Brown, who has been the
tuperintendent of the station, and who
lisd named Miss Bowen as clerk there
fevcral years ego, was also apprised of
the situation. She placed the matter in
the hands of h<y son, and the outcome of
the investigations was the taxing of Miss
Uowen with the crime.
This evening, after office hours, the
i oung woman confessed her guilt. She
Cave the Inspector information which
Marred the search after Baker, only to
prove futile for the time being.
The methods employed by Miss Bowen
to carry her shortage long enough to
permit it to reach the amount estimated
have not been disclosed by the Postofflce
officials. The loss must be met by Mrs.
Urown. who la well to do, being a daugh
ter of the late Frederick Delger, the cap
italist, and one of his heirs.
HAD SUPERIOR'S COXFIDEXCE.
Miss Bowen, It Is understood- enjoyed
the full confidence of Mrs. Brown and
had handled the heavy business of the
station for years, apparently in a most
satisfactory manner. The station Is in
Ihe center of the retail business district
fend handles a very large money order
business.
To-night, at the County Jail, to which
Miss Bowen was taken, the shortage was
declared by Jailer Charles Clark to be
from $5000 to $7000. The Postoffice author
ities refused to give a specific amount,
faying they were not prepared to make a
definite statement in that regard.
Miss Bowen was appointed clerk by
Mrs. Brown about six years ago. She
sras permitted to retain her position
when Thomas T. Dargie, the present
Postmaster, tock charge. He is fully
brotected against a shortage, as Mrs.
Brown assumes full responsibility and
Vill make good the shortage of her clerk.
>Everett Brown and a policeman went
to-night to the residence of I* W.
iJakcr. Tenth and Filbert streets, to
fcrr^Et him, but found him away. His
Continued on Page SO, Column 0.
The San Francisco Call.
MOB'S CRIES
DROWN VOICE
OF PREACHER
Truth About Riot
in London Not
Half Told.
Demonstration of Hun
gry and Unemployed
Awful Affair.
Service in London Cathedral
Transformed Into -Verit
able Pandemonium. ;
Special Cab> to The Call.
LONDON, . Dec. 23— St. Paul's Cathe
dral, Britain's most historic - place of
worship, was the scene of such a shocking
exhibition last Sunday that the London
papers, evidently out of sheer, shame,
told the truth, but did not tell the whole
truth. '
The leaders of the hungry and unem
ployed had given notice that a large body
of men would parade and attend the ca
thedral for afternoon service and the
ecclesiastical authorities prepared for
their reception and so did the police. At
a quarter past three, when the ordinary
service began, the visitors had not ar
rived, bjt a few minutes later, while a
prayer was in progress, the great west
doors, used only for state occasions, flew
open and an almost indescribable scene
occurred.
The tramp of hundreds of feet over the
stone pavements, hoarse voices of men,
shouting snatches of the "Marseillaise,"
the noise aggravated by shouts and blas
phemy and men scrambling for seats,
drowned the voices of the clergymen and
the choir. It was a religious service, the
impresslveness of which is unsurpassed
in any English church, transformed in a
moment into a veritable pandemonium.
After a while the visitors quieted down
and for a few minutes gave the clergy
a chance, but the service was not to their
liking, and when the anthem was re
hearsed they rose as if at a given signal
and made a wild rush for the door. The
police were powerless. Hats and caps were
donned, cigarettes and pipes lighted,
while under the shadow of Nelson's tomb
two disputants forught a pitched battle
within a ring which their admirers hastily
formed.
They packed themselves into a seeth
ing mass of discontent and shouted
themselves hoarse in asserting that they
would keep the red flags flying and In
trying to sing the "Marseillaise." The
red Hags were waved, a sort of compro
mise between a grui.t and a cheer rent
the air and the various leaders of the
men harangued their fellows.
While the demonstrators were thus ex
hibiting themselves about a hundred or
so who had remained inside were listen
ing to the sermon. Here the scene was
unparalleled for an established church.
The venerable Canon Newbolt ascended
the pulpit amid respectful silence, but no
sooner had he given out the text, "The
Kingdom of Heaven Is at Hand" than a
gruff voice' from the nave exclaimed
" 'Ear, 'ear, guvnor."
The preacher took no heed of the in
terruption, but proceeded in spite of the
fact that the early part of his discourse
was punctuated by many offensive inter
jections. • ,
It was a strange sight, the great gaunt
cathedral, the bare outlines of its mas
sive pillars being just visible through
the shadow of the fast falling darkness,
with here and there an electric light
making a brave but Ineffectual effort to
dispel the gloom.
In the chancel a great blaze of light
showed up the white surplices of the
choir and the bright scarlet Insignia of
the clergy. The seats under the dome
were filled with silks, satins and broad
cloth, while behind the barrier that sep
arated wealth from poverty, reverence
from blasphemy, stood the little knots
of men, ill-fed. 111-clothed, ill-bred, some
lounging against the pillars, their hands
deep in their pockets, in many cases with
caps on their heads.
As the service finished and the bene
diction was being" pronounced- these
stragglers stole out of the church to join
their fellows on the steps and ostensibly
to parade their woes before the well
dressed congregation.
Thirty P«t!*!i In Fire in a Mine.
MEXICO CITY. Dec. 23.— A special to
the Mexican Herald from Pachuca says
that the famous Santa Gertrudis mine
is burning and that thirty miners were
suffocated. The damage Is liable to
reach • hundreds \u25a0of thousands of " dol
lars. No details have been received.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES—SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905— PAGES 29 TO 38.
COSSACKS STORM AND CAPTURE
THE REVOLUTIONISTS' BARRICADES
Roar of Cannon Is Heard
Throughout Ancient Capital.
A j n * + rr r> 'U'
A rmed Rioters Turn Buildings
Into Temporary Forts.
Sanguinary Con flict Unchecked
at Approach of Dawn.
MOSCOW, Dec. 23 (midnight). — The situation is hourly ;
growing worse. The insurgents hold several quarters ,of the
city, and fighting continues desperately. Two large arms stores
have been pillaged and the weapons distributed among the men,
who have erected barricades along^ the, Sadovia; which encircles
: the city. The military has-succeededin isolatjnafTariQirsTsectiprisr*
preventing communication. ~ From the heights colored ; sigiialrqck->:
ets are showing '.instructions to the isolated commanders! The
searchlights, on the Soukaroft* and other towers illuminate the
streets where the fighting is proceeding*
KILLED AXD WOUNDED NUMBER THOUSANDS.
The roar of cannon continues. Machine guns are being em- \u25a0.
ployed to clear the Sadovia. It is impossible to estimate the
number of dead and wounded, but it probably will run into thou
sands.
In a square in the heart of the city the insurgents are mak
ing a desperate fight from a house, using an English machine gun
from the window against a battery which is cannonading them.
MOSCOW, Dec. 23.— Two bombs were thrown at the Pre
fecture of Police this morning, partially destroying that building.
Two policemen were killed and a soldier was wounded.
Serious fighting is now proceeding between an armed.crowd
SCOEES OF REVOLUTIONISTS AlfE ARRESTED.
One hundred and twenty revolutionaries were arrested to
day at the Fidler School. Resistance was offered there, and five
persons were killed and twenty wounded. Two officers were
killed. The authorities seized eighteen rifles, fifteen revolvers and
thirteen bombs. A number of officers and policemen were dis
armed in the streets, and several. policemen were killed.
TROOPS CAPTURE ALL THE BARRICADES.
The troops have occupied all the barricades. In one case they
fared on the revolutionists from the steeple of a church. Revolu
tionists armed with bombs and revolvers are besieging the resi
dence of the Prefect.
The Council of Workmen to-day granted permission for the
banks to continue work and for the bakeries to bake black bread,
but it subsequently ordered the resumption of the armed revolt
.for 6 o'clock this evening.
REPORTED REVOLT
OF THE COSSACKS
Startling Rumors of the Moscow Situation
Reach St. Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 23, 11:55 P- ni.— The situation
at Moscow tonight is exceedingly critical.. A battle is raging
in the streets.of the city and' a state of terror reigns.
A telephone message just received says that the roaring of
machine guns, volleys by infantry and the booming of cannon
can be heard at intervals^ .The military seems to have
the upper hand/ although there are rumors that the gend
armerie and the Cossacks have revolted and have refused to
fire on the people.
According to this telephone message, which was .very con
fused, the revolutionary leaders had given the signal for an armed
rising of the proletariat at x 6 o'clock this evening, but Governor
General DoubasofF. discovered their plans and acted quickly. He
massed 25,000 troops of all arms in Red Place, under the
walls of the Kremlin, mounted machine guns in the towers of
Continued on Page 30, Column* 1 ill 2.
Moscow Battle Fires
the Blood of the
Proletariat.
Leaders Claim A cces
sions From Ranks
W-'pf Cossacks.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 24, 12:20 a. m.—
The news of the terrible ; bloodshed at
Moscow has created a tremendous sensa
tion here and renders the situation much
graver. It furnishes the necessary stim
ulus to fire the waning passions of the
Proletariat, and their leaders can be re
lied upon to use it to the full. They claim
that their own "reports show conclusively
that the troops were deliberately ordered
to fire on peaceful- demonstrations in or
der to provoke a general conflict and that
the only recourse lief t was to right back iv
self-defense. .
They also claim to have confirmation of
the - reports , that ' the gendarmerie and
some troops; . including artillery, and Ccs-
Backs, have refused to obey the commands
of their officers..
The Waiters'. Union of St. Petersburg
struck V. yesterday and practically .,' closed
all the restaurants • and hotels . by forcing
all waiters by threats of violence to join
the strike. "As \u25a0 the hotels are crowded :
with landowners ; and refugees from * the ;
provinces, | many I persons . last g night | had
difficulty; in .finding a place to procure
food.) In-addition to* the usual political
demands the union asks that the chelovek
be. discontinued' and that tips to the ex
tent -of 10 per * cent "shair be regularly in
cluded in the bills of patrons, as it 'is de-"
grading to . receive • gratuities ; from 'cua
•tomers. \: : : ';i$£BB&BBBMgS0
THE THEATERS.
Al>CAZAR— "Brown' \u25a0 In Town."
ALHAMBRA— "East Lynn«."
CAXJFORNIA — 'Tlib Thoroughbreds."
CHUTES — Vaudarvilla.
GRANTS— #< E3l2ab«h.'
: ORFHEXJM — Vaudevtlla.
TTVOLl— "Orphan* In Had«."
MAJESTIC— "If 1 Wer« Ktae."
NEW CENTKAIr— "Th« Eye Wttntii."
Ma tlnesa at All Theaters.
SCENE DXJBIXG RECEXT JUOTINQ IX THE ANCIENT CAPITAL OP RCSSIA.
WHERE REVOLUTIONISTS AND LOTAL. TROOPS ARE NOW ENGAGED IN
A BATTLE WHICH HAS COST THOUSANDS OF LIVES.
Rural Provinces in Complete Posses
sion of Revolutionists.
Czar's Subjects Take Orders From the
"Invisible Government.'* :
Special Dispatch to. Tbc Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 23.— The coun
try is.ablaze with revolution. The revo
lutionists have constructed barricades In
the streets of Moscow and these are be
ing shelled .by ; artillery. In that city.
also, 1 factories and other institutions em
ploying ' workers that refused to go on
strike have, been'. set on \ fire or blown up
with dynamite. "It Is charged by the rev
olutionists that policemen in plain cloth
ing are going. among the people. Inciting
them ,a gainst.thet '.'the strikers, whose .fam
ilies, in some instances, have been
sacred.
A mob," incited by police agents, seized
a group of students; tore ' off : their clbth
ing ,and clubbed them. to death.
\u25a0 : Having: control *of the* lines' of : com-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
municatlon, the revolutionists have inter
cepted many Government secrets, whicli
they ar« using to advantage. By the.in
formation thus gained they have been en
abled to photograph all the Government
officials, whose portraits they have dis
tributed. This haa compelled the police
to obtain new agents. The revolutionary
leaders have ordered their followers to
abstain from violence and save their bul
lets until the fighting Is begun In earnest.
REBELS GOVERN' PROVINCES.
. The plans of the revolutionary organi
zation have been elaborated to an extra
ordinary degree. The "cities and the
country have been divided into districts.
Contlnued on Page 81, Coloaa 1« _j30
Cannon Loaded With Grape Mow
Down Marching Workmen.
First Butchery Is Followed by
Hours of Fierce Fighting.
Bombs Hurled From Windows of
Houses Upon Loyal Soldiers.
Continued From Page S3, Column* 3 and 4.
the old Chinese walls, posted artillery at intervals encircling the
Tverskaia boulevard and placed heavy detachments of horse
and light artillery at strategic points.
The first scene of butchery occurred at 2 o'clock, when the
troops and the cannon, which were loaded with grape, fired into
a procession of workmen carrying red Hags and singing revo
lutionary songs as they swung into the boulevard.
Since then there has been almost continual fighting. The
workmen threw up barricades at the triumphal arch, at two
places in Trovskv street and at another place, but all were as
saulted and carried by the troops.*
The principal resistance was at the triumphal arch, the de
fenders.of that barricade being armed only with revolvers. They
held their ground for a time against* the machine guns.
One hundred and twenty student militia, who were sur
rounded at the Fidler School, made a heroic stand, defending the
place with bomb? and revolvers from a window. They killed
two officers and eight soldiers and wounded many more before
they surrendered, with a loss of five killed and thirteen wounded.
The outlying districts are reported to be in complete pos
session of the workmen, who are disarming all officers and po
licemen caught besieging residences.
The Chief of Police says that to estimate the total num
ber of casualties would be mere guesswork, but he believes they
will run into the hundreds.
Czar's Subjects Take Orders
Continued Front Page 30, Colnma 7.
each having an executive and a military
organization and each receiving orders
from the central commanders. The vil
lage and country neighborhoods are being
thoroughly canvassed by students dressed
like general?, who distribute manifestos
ordering the peop-c to stop the paymeni
*j( Government dues, to disobey the o2i
cials X..2 to confiscate the lands of
noble?. They represent these to b<? the
«ir<Vr? of the Czar. They are working
In the army along similar lines. Peas
ants and soldiers are strictly obeying
the instructions in many quarters. This
lias obliged the Government to dispatch
Cossack* to tbe country, leaving the
cities largely unprotected. As the revo
lutionist? hold the railroad? and tele
graph, they are enabled to pas.« friendly
troops, while refusing assistance to the
others.
The Government has contracted with
German companies to transport the
Mnnrliurian army home by water. The
soldiers arc to bo disarmed nnd dis
banded before they are permitted to
POLKS APPEAL TO JEWS.
Vitebesk province l:as joined the Li
\u25bconian republic. The Poles in Lithu
ania :ind Poland ar<- ontreating the-
Jmvs 10 adopt the Polish language ana
join with them in establishing a re
public, thus settling both the Polish
and the Jewish insurrections. In those
regions the Christian? and the He
brows are nearly equal in numbers and
it is recognized that neither element is
able, to accept the exchange without
the hearty co-operation of the other.
The provinces of Vilna. Kovno and
Grodno are expelling the Russian offi
cials. The landlords there and else
w!;er<? now prefer to appeal to the
revolutionists for protection rather
than to the Czar.
Communication with Odessa is cut
Off. Th? revolutionists hope that their
forces in that roprion vrill compel Gen
eral Kaulbars to surrender to them.
In the Caucasus the Viceroy has ap
poalc-d to the revolutionists for help in
preventing massacres by the Tartars
and Armenians.
In- £>t. Petersburg, Moscow and
throughout the empire the reaction
aries are preaching a .crusade against
non-Russians, especially Jews. The
IJR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
FACTS IN NATURE.
Not Only Do We Get Inspiration From
Nature, But Health ta Wett. .
For people who are run-down and nerv-
ous, who suffer from indigestion or dys-
pepsia, headache, biliousness or torpid
fiver, coated tongne with bitter taste In
the morning and poor appetite, it be-
comes necessary to turn to some tonic or
•trengthener which will assist Nature
auc Help them to get on their feet and
put the body into Its proper condition. It
is becoming: more and more apparent that
Nature's moct valuable health -giving
agents are to be foand in forest' plant*
axic roots.
Nearly forty years ago. Dr. R.V. Pierce,
now consulting physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
N. V., discovered that by scientifically
extracting and combining certain medici-
nal principles from native roots, taken
from our American forest*, he could pro-
duce a medicine which was rr.arvelonsijr
eSciont in caring eases of blood disorder
and liver and stomach trouble as well as
many other chronic, or lingering ail-
ments. This concentrated extract of
Nature's vitality he named "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." It purifies the blood by
putting the stomach and liver into
healthy condition, thereby helping the
digestion and assimilation of food which
feeds the blood. Thereby It cures weak
stomach, indigestion, torpid liver, or bil-
iousness, and kindred deraucemeuts.
If you have coated tongtw, with bitter
or bad taste In the morning, frequent
headaches, feel weak, easily tired, stitche*
or pain in side, back gives out easily and
aches, belching of gas, constipation, or
Irrcjnlar bowels, feel fiaib.es of heat al-
ternating with chilly sensations or kin-
dred symptoms, they point to derange-
ment of rour stomach, liver and kidneys,
which the "Golden Medical Discovery"
will correct more speedily and perma-
nently than any other known apent. Con-
tains no alcohol or habit-forming drugs.
All Its ingredients printed in plain Eng-
lish on wrapper.
The sole motive for substitution it to
permit the dealer to make a little more
profit. He gains; you lose. Accept no sub-
stitute for "Golden Medical Discovery."
Constipation causes ' and aggravates
many serious diseases. It is thoroughly
riired by Dr. PiercVs Pleasant Pellets.
Cae » lat&tiT*; tw» or three art eatliaxUa.
Xovoe Vremya advises the Government
to nrtn nil patriots. Thus the massa
cres in Odessa and Kicff are likely to
be repeated, the lives of Jews -being
endangered In many places.
\u2666
STATE OF SIEGE US POLAND.
_ _
Tea Province* Have Been Put Under
Martial Law.
j st. Petersburg; Dec. 23.— The Fin
n!.sh railroad employes have decided
against, joining tl>e Russian strike.
Trains have continued to run on all the
: lines out of St Petersburg to-day.
Meetings of every description, even
those of the "Law and Order party," are
! being prevented.
For the present the Imperial Bank at
Riga has been forced to cease gold pay
ments owing to the impossibility of ship
ping gold coin thither.
The fears that the revolt in Lithuania
will extend to Poland have become so
acute that Governor General Skallon at
Warsaw, acting under authority of the
imperial ukase of November 24, has de
clared that a state of siege exists in ten
Polish provinces.
Uhlans of the guard and the Empress'
Own Regiment have been dispatched to
Courland.
A telegram received from Riga an
nounces the arrival there of two bat
talions of riflemen and a battery of ma
rine guns.
It is understood that tho strikers' lead
ers in their- desperation have decided v
lesort to violent tactics and to blow up
the bridges and right of way of the rail
roads leading out of St. Petersburg. The
first attempt at the use of bombs, with
which the revolutionaries are well sup
plied, was made this morning. A revo
lutionist was about to throw a. bomb at
a passing patrol, which was escorting
non-union workmen, when it exploded,
blowing off the man's arm. He was then
taken Irto custody.
Several thousand Lithuanians who have
invaded the province of Vitebsk express,
according to the Xovoe Vremya, the in
tention of seizing the St. Petersburg rail
way and annexing the districts of
Rachitsa and Liutzin to the "republic of
Lithuania."
The waiters" etrike has begun in St.
Petersburg. Many restaurants are closed.
Confidence in the failure of the strike
was reflected on the Bourse to-day, which
fcr the first tim* in some weeks was actu
ally buoyant, with all Issues rising sharp
ly. Imperial 4's improved 1% points, clos
ing at 76i£, and lotteries rose from 380
to 400.
SICKENING DEEDS OF MOBS.
Letter Describe* Revolting Crime* In
City of Ekaterinoslav.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Dec. 23.— A de
scription of mob horrors in Russia is
contained in a letter just received by
Dr. Max S. Mandell of, this city from
a friend in EkaterinoslaV.' It is dated
. November 19. The letter says in part:
"We were saved by the kindness of
a Christian friend, who gave us a place
to hide" in and kept watch for us him
self. He took us to his stable, where
we remained with our two little ones
for three day 3 without a morsel of
food or a drop of water, but with a
horrible death staring us in the face
every" moment of the time. ?•;
"Many have lost their lives, in addi- .
tion to similar sufferings; still more 1
remain cripples for life, with no means |
of support. Other 3 were compelled to
witness the brutal dismemberment of
their dear ones before they were killed
themßelves. •%'>.'\u25a0" •-.- \u25a0 *~ .i^- r
"My clerk told me that he saw how
the mob overtook a helpless Jewish!
woman, who apparently had^run to a'
place of safety, carrying a child in her j
arms. The beasts wrenched the in- '
fant out bf its mother's arms and dls- !
membered it, holding out every part to
her face and then forced the hysteri
cal mother into shame, which killed
her. \u25a0 .\u25a0_.-;; (^_ •>,\u25a0
QUATVT AXCIKXT CEREMONIAL.
Restoration of Finnish Liberties v
Picturesque Affair.
HELSINGFORS, Finland, Undated by
Courier to St Petersburg, Dec/ 23 -The
convocation of the Finnish Diet, marking
simultaneously the restoration of Finnish
liberties and the last appearance on the
European stage of the Parliament consist-
Ing of the four ancient estates, the no
bles, the clergy, the burghers and the
peasants, was an exceedingly picturesque
affair. The Old ' World ceremonial was
followed.' Heralds made their appearance
in the streets summoning the estates to
the magnificent cathedral, where, amid
gorgeous trappings, prayers were said and
"Te Denm" was chanted in the Swedish
and Danish tongues. Then the estates,
headed by Governor, General Gerhard and
his suites In brilliant uniforms, marched
In an Imposing procession between cheer-
Ing crowds to the palace overlooking the
sea.
, ; There, standing in front of the gilded
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1905.
SPREAD OF THE REVOLUTION.
Half of the Baltic Provinces Renounce
the Otar.
RIGA, Livonia, Friday, Dec. 22.— Quite
one-half of the Baltic provinces are. ap
parently in control of the autonomists,
whose committees, which include in each
locality some of the most influential per
sons, are establishing provisional , ad
ministrations and preparing for the elec
tion of assemblies to arrange the taxes
and legitimatize the partitioning of the
Government lands. Russian garrisons oc
cupy the larger towns and detachments
of troops are operating energetically
against the smaller centers of the insur
rection. The aims of the insurgents are
to establish an autonomous state under
Russian sovereignty.
Although more than 100 post and tele
graph employes have resumed work here
all the telegraph lines running out of
Riga have been cut, presumably by the
Insurgents.
The Russian cavalry have found the
approaches to places held by the insur
gents set with entanglements made of
telegraph wires'.
Trains were running to-day, but the
order to strike was expected at any
hour.
All German and Austro-Hungarlan sub
jects residing in Courland and' Livonia
have been notified by the consulates that
steamships are arriving here to . take
them to their respective countries. The
Consuls urge them to leave the country.
A German warship will cruise off the
I mouth of the Duna as long as it is free
lof ice. It is understood that all the Bal
• tic garrisons, are being largely rein
i forced.
! VLADIMIR, Russia," Dec. 23.— Owing to
!*he hostile attitude of the people here,
who attacked the houses of the railroad
men, the strike leaders would have been
torn to pieces had the troops not inter
posed. Most of the railroad employes are
working. Reports received here from sev
eral villages in the provinces tell of the
murder of agitators by . peasants, who
were enraged at their attacks on the
Emperor. Among the victims was a
youngs woman. The policemen, who tried
vainly to save an agitator In the village
of Nodol, were themselves torn to pieces.
OREL, Russia, Dec. 23.— At the village
of Fetkoi the peasants have killed two
revolutionary emissaries. One of them
was beaten to death and the other was
burned.
PIOTRKOW, Russian Poland, Dec.' 23.—
Owing to the spread of the disorders
martial law has been declared in the pro
vince of Piotrkow.
KOSTROMA. Russia, Dec. 23.— The em
ployes of all the factories here have
struck.
VILNA, Russia, Dec. 23.— The railroad
men of the Vilna-Baronovitchi and the
Baronovitchi-Byelostok lines are work
ing, but the Luminez-Romny and Lumi
nez-Plnlk lines have struck.
ROSTOFF-ON-DON, Russia, Dec. 23.—
Work has stopped on all the railroads and
street railroads here, and the printers and
the employes of several of the factories
have joined in the strike.
SARATOFF, Russia, Dec. 23.—Opera
tions in the workshops of the Ria Zs.n-
Ural railway are at a standstill.
BYBLOSTOK, Russia, Dec. 23.— A strike
was started this afternoon on the Vilna-
Baronovitchi and the Rovno Zambrinma
and Brianzk railroads.
KURSK, Russia. Dec. 23.— The striking
railroad men of this city have proclaimed
a provisional government and have issued
an appeal for support in setting up a
Russian republic. '' \u25a0''\u25a0•'\u25a0' Jltl)l
throne, surmounted with the golden lion
of Sweden and double eagle of Russia,
the Governor General, in the name of his
imperial master, gave back the ancient
liberties to the hardy race of the North,
whose brave struggle against the Russi
flcation of the country has attracted the
sympathy of the world. The audience at
the palace contained many persons who
had suffered in exile rather than submit
to this. Baron yon Born, a marshal of
the nobility, who replied to the Em
peror's speech in behalf of his estate,
and M. Pekka, who spoke in behalf of
tho peasantry, had returned to Finland
since the manifesto was issued. Bishop
Praleery acted as spokesman for the
clergy and M. yon Pfaeler, a banker, for
the burghers.
The reolies of the presidents of the es
tates were cordial in vein, but each took
car© to say that the imperial manifesto
was "accented as the restoration of the
original constitution and rights of Fin
land, guaranteed by Alexander I." At
the same time they added their assurance
that the Emperor might have full con
fidence of the loyalty of the Finns under
the regime of the legislative, executive
and Judicial freedom. , - .: >
Baron yon Born also took occasion to
say that "the universal satisfaction with
which the world welcomed the inaugura
tion of a new era for; Russia is heartily
echoed by Finland." and" at the conclu
sion of the ceremonies he called for three
cheers for the Emperor, which were given
enthusiastically.
Throughout the ceremony the best of
feeling was manifested, and this evening
there is a general merrimaking In the
city, the Socialists refraining from mak
ing counter demonstrations.
PLAXS OF REBELS MISCARRY.
Student* Fall In Dawn Attack Upon
Railroad Station.
MOSCOW, Dec. 24, 2 a. m. — The plan
of the armed rising of the proletariat
was to seize the St. Petersburg sta
tion at dawn on Saturday, take pos
session of the douma building, capture
the state bank and proclaim a provi
sional government. To the workmen
fell the task of taking the station, the
object of which was to prevent com
munication and the dispatch of troops
from St. Petersburg. The student rev
olutionary organizations were to have
captured the douma, building and the
bank. /
Governor General Doubasoff learned
of the scheme at a conference at tho
palace on Friday night and decided to
put it down ruthlessly. He also ac
cepted' the offer of the notorious re
actionary, Prince Tcherbatoff. to or
ganize a militia composed of loyalists.
The attack on the station at dawn
GIRLS DEFEND BARRICADES.
MOSCOW, Dec. 23 (Midnight).— There I
are many revolting details of the day's'
fighting. At Fidler's School, after- tho
students had raised the white flag and
come 'out they were charged, ridden
down and sabered by the dragoons,
i The revolutionaries retaliated where
ever they caught an officer alone and
on the slightest resistance he was
beaten into insensibility.
Telegraph poles, wires, planks, bar
rels and any material available was
used in the construction of many bar T
ricades which sprang up all over tho
city, and as soon as one was destroyed
another went up as if by niagic, at a
distant place. Crowds fought the
troops with intense stubbornness,
using revolvers and hand grenades, but
many hundreds \ of persons, had rifles
and repeatedly stood their ground,
even while they :. were being: .mown
down by quick-firing guns.
Many Innocent persons . were • killed,
among them a number, of .i.women.
Many bodies were blown. to pieces by
shrapnel. On Tverskaia ', street, where
the crowds * were enfiladed.' the losses
were heaviest.: . -
Girl students were , conspicuous be
hind the barricades. . either carrying
wounded away or taking. their places
in the ranks and cheering . on their
comrades.' .
HUNGARIAN BARONESS SCORES
SUCCESS AS AUTHORESS.
Her Books Are the la Ik of London and Are in
Great Demand by English Publishers.
HCXOARIAX NOBLEWOMAN' WHOSE STORIES HAVE WON' HER FAME AND
CREATED SUCH A SENSATION IX ENGLAND THAT THE LONDON PUB
LISHERS ARE CLAMORING FOR MORE OF HER PEN- WORK.
Special DiNpalch to Tl •> Call.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— Baroness Emmuska
Orczy, whose books are the talk of Lon
don nowadays, feels that her record
should be an encouragement to young
authors and playwrights.
"I had had no literary experience before
writing my first story," she said the other
day, "and knew nothing of the stage
when I wrote my first play, 'The Scarlet
j Pimpernel.' I had not the slightest in
fluence to bring to bear, and yet both
i story and play were accepted. I do not
think that the young author ought ever
to get discouraged as • the feeling that
influence Is necessary to success."
"But yo*i probably had more trouble in
having your play accepted than your
j first short story?" was suggested.
i "Not a bit." she replied. "In fact, I
\ understand that the record of 'The Scar
let Pimpernel' was somewhat unusual. I
not only had no difficulty in getting the
play read, but \u25a0it was accepted by the
very first management to whom we sub
mitted it. I was then only a writer of
i short magazine stories, and with the ex
' ception of one critic, did not know a
soul connected with the stage."
And despite this "The Scarlet Pimper
nel" was written, .accepted, produced and
had made a tremendous hit, all within
nine months! , .
I But perhaps had the genius of this
charming English-bred Hungarian lady
been less brilliant or less versatile, her
scorn of the leading strings of Influence
would be less keen. As an artist she has
been repeatedly a successful exhibitor at
the Royal Academy, and many of the
leading magazines of a few years ago
give testimony of her skill in
black and white work. And now, to cap
the climax, she is writing. novels so popu
lar . that. London. publishers, even with
out her consent, are buying up all her
stray magazine stories in order to bring
them out in book form.
OLD STORIES REPUBLISHED. ,
An: odd result of this scrambling for
Orczy literature has been an impression,
that the Baroness has been writing at a
prodigious rate. One of her English pub
lishers recently complained bitterly that
the -booksellers had been warning him
there might be danger of overproduction.'
"Overproduction!" he exclaimed, "Why,
she has completed only one novel, 'By the
Gods Beloved,' this year. 'The Scarlet
Pimpernel' she wrote from her play last
year. 'The Emperor's Candlesticks' is. a
reprint of an old book that first Appeared
during the Boer war. And the very latest
bock advertised was routed out from an
odd corner in. her desk,.where it had lain
for. four years!" . . • .
This wrlte-while-you-wait idea seems to
have reached America, although the first
of Baroness Orczy's books to be published
there only appeared In August. One large
New York, publisher recently wrote to
London asking .how? many; more. books
might be expected from her before the
new year. The truth, is, however, that
the Baroness Orczy, while . remarkably
versatile, is also a' very careful writer.:
"I live with my characters," she said,
"and love my heroes and heroines as de
votedly as ever, they \ love one another. I
cannot call themV to ' mind . at will .or
write out .methodically what they say.
Sometimes I am.idle for weeks .together.
Then suddenly comes the" inspiration . and
I can f hardly -work \u25a0 fast enough." : "^
Her ' romantic £ tendencies I are ' revealed
also jin the Baroness', preference » among
books! ..Volumes of Poe,,' Victor Hugo and
Georg Ebers are on \u0084her "own special
-bookshelves; \u25a0 and show i many evidences
of usage. But in the place of honor* there
stands a well-worn edition of Bret Harte.
"I love . Bret Harte best of. aIL" she said.
In speaking, aa In writing. Baroness
Orczy uses excellent English, with an
accent better than many educated native
Londonerp. This seems remarkable when
it is remembered that she was fifteen
years old. when she came to this country.
"I was born at Tarna-Eors, in Hun
gary." she said, "and am the last of an
old Hungarian family, many members of
which have served their country from
time immemorial in diplomatic and for
eign affairs. My father, Baron Orczy,
was a musician as well as a diplomatist,
and was for some time director of the
National Opera-house in Budapest.
BEGINNING AS A WRITER.
"It was intended at first that I should
become an artist, and In my girlhood
days I studied painting very seriously.
Encouraged by my old friend, Edward
Long, R. A., I exhibited several times
at the Royal Academy. I spent many
happy hours in Mr. Long's study watch
ing him paint, and sat to him for some
of his most popular pictures. He didn't
like professional models. One result is
that my. portrait might be found in
many of . his paintings, including
'Christ Preaching From the . Waters'
and 'Zeuxis at Crotana.' I ascribed to
the seeds sown in my mind by his bril
liant pictures of ancient Egypt the
thoughts that resulted in 'By the Goda
Beloved.' "
One o. the oddest incidents in the
Baroness* career was the almost acci
dent that led her to take up literary
wor... It happened less than six years
ago. She and her husband were house
hunting at the time, and were staying
meanwhile with a family whose chief rec
reation consisted in wruing short stories
and reading them aloud to any one who
would listen to them. One evening after
having heard one of these not over-brll-
Hant storks - exclaimed to her hus
band:
"If these people, who have never been
out, of their own circle can write stories
some of wh.ch are published, why
shouldn I who have been an over Eu
rope, and have -nown many people worth
knowing, be able to write, too!"
"Why shouldn't you?" he replied
was ..ie beginning of the Baroness
Orczy's literary career. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
The Baroness is at the present moment
writing a new novel, wu. ,* it is ex
pected, will be finished early' next year
Its name is to.be "Beau Brocade." It is
about— but that must not yet be revealed,
for those who have . read the finished
parts declare ft to be its author's best
work.
ERROR IN IJIRTII RECORDS
CAUSES NOVEL COMPLICATION
Girl Ii Inscribed on Llxt of Conscript**,
a* Sbe Figures an a Stale on
the Reels tor.
Special Cable to The Gail ana New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1005, by the New York
. Herald. Publishing Company. -•
PARIS. DcV:. 23.— Mile. Augusta Sos
thene Darche,; born -April 22, 1883, nas
just been inscribed on the lists of con
scripts of 1905 as the result of an error
in the register : of births, in which she
figures as a male-. Should no rectifica
tion of; the register be made before c-he
Is ; called up ? for medical t: examination
she will be obliged to Join a regimont.
Dentb Cnlla a Pioneer.
V SAN JOSE. Dec. 23.— John G. Jury
Sr ," a well-known V pioneer and 'the
father/pf' Attorney; John ;G. Jury Jr.,
of San^ Francisco, died - to-day after . a
brief illness, aged -70 ' years. "He was
a - native of England and he came to
California in the . early fifties.
FAIR CLERK
EMBEZZLES
POSTAL COIN
Infatuation for a
Married Man
Lfl6 uallSGi
Continued from Pas* 2S. Column 1.
"wife told her callers that he had gone
on a hunting- trip.. Miss Bowen is the
daughter of Mrs. Mary E. Bowen, a
widow residing at 612 Merrimac street.
She "is about 30 years old, slight, modest
and most retined in appearance. The
officials refused to permit her to be In
terviewed to-night. At the Bowen resi
dence the family, was grievously
shocked by the disclosures.
The following statement was made:
"We were only informed an hour ago
that JLulu had been arrested, and we
know absolutely nothing about the
trouble, the news of which has been a
terrible shock t j all of us. V/e had no
idea anything was wrong and canot be
lieve that Lulu is guilty. She has never
acted iv a marraer which would arouse
suspicion -that 3he was spending any
more than her regular salary, and if
ebe has taken money which did not be
long to her she ha* never given any
sign of ..spending it.
"Her habits were of the best, and she
\u25a0was rarely out of the house during the
hours that she was not at work. She
never ran around at night, and never,
so far as we know, kept company with
any young man. It sre did so, it was
without the knowledge of her mother
or any other member of tiie family, and
we cannot believe that she Is guilty of
the crime which is charged against her.
The news of Lulu's arrest has been
such a terrible shock that we have not
formed any plans, nor can we do so
until we have learned more about the
facts of the case, as they are known to
the Postoflice authorities."
Postmaster Dargle said to-night: "I
am under strict instructions from the
Postofflce Department to say nothing
about the case of Miss Bowen.
"Whatever statements she might have
made to Brown or Inspector Maddern
are for them to handle. The unfortunate
affair is in their hands. The Govern
ment officials, however, have learned
that the trouble is due to no dereliction
on the part of the local Postofflde offi
cials. lam personally protected against
any loss. Airs. Brown was at the bead
of the station. Her appointment of
Miss Bowen was recognized by me as
satisfactory, for responsibility rested
upon Mrs. Brown. When I took charge
of the Postofflce Mrs. Brown and Mlsa
Bowen were both at that station and I
saw no occasion to make any change."
It is said that Mrs. Brown took the of
fice in order to provide a position for
Miss Bowen as a matter of assistance to
the young woman. There wad no rev
enue from the position, except the salary
Miss Bowen received. It was most diffi
cult for the authorities to discover what
could 'have been done with the money
until Miss Bowen herself confessed she
had given It to a friend. That friend,
according to the report, lodged with the
police by Brown, is L. W. Baker, now
on record as wanted for a felony. Mrs.
Baker Is prostrated by the demand that
has been made for her husband's arrest.
_ Baker was a frequent visitor at the
station where Miss Bowen was employed.
He was seen there at 11 o'clock thi3 morn
ing by employes of a millinery store In
which the station Is located. He is 35
years old.
"OLD FRENCH ARISTOCRACY
DIES WITH ME," SHE SAYS
Closing; Hays of Her Life Made Bitter
For the Princens de Val
- -
moot.
vPARIS, Dec. 23. — "The old French
aristocracy dies with me." cried the
Princess de Valmont on her deathbed.
She was a bitter old soul, who, born
of a long line of uncontaminated an
cestors and married to a noble of
equally superfine strain, had, through
her husband"s death in financial difficul
ties to marry her five children to
"abominable persons" of high charac
ter, but with the blight of trade or In
dustry in their blood.
Her last years were made mournful
to her by this pitiful descent, and just
before her grandiose last utterance,
looking with a bitter smile at her chil
dren and grandchildren in tears round
her deathbed, she broke the silence in
the following terrible reflection:
"We have here," counting on her
fingers, "representatives of carriage
making, wholesale grocery, confec
tionery, coal- mining and the stock ex
change, and all grafted on the old tree
of the De Valmonts." "
The Kidneys
When they are weak, tor-
pid, or stagnant*, the whole
system suffers. Don't, neg-
lect, them at* tins time, but
heed t»he warning of t*he
aching back, the bloated
face, the sallow complexion, |
the urinary disorder, and;
begin treatment at once with ;
Hood'sSarsaparQla ;
which contains the best and
safest curative substances.
For testimonials of remarkable ceres
Bend for Book on Xkfaieys, No. 8.
C L Hood Co., Lowell, Mass.
siigKU \u25a0 Usel.
g^SpgESSlii $10. $15. $20
CT^^MloW secoifi Heir
sJstid^r'Xl&X -Ito KB3^r? Wlerß i
$&?r^ SIMP U» \u25a0Bolls- swiii v i
rSIMM IEWJOiK- I
IIT. \u25a0SHIK IiiGIHIE CO, j
RAILROAD MEN
BADLY INJURED
Seven Employes of the
Santa Fe Are Hurt While
Hiding on a Handcar
VEHICLE JUMPS BAILS
Foreman and Six Mexican
Laborers Sent to Hospital
as Uesnlt of Accident
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 23.— As tt^g
"set-on" crew on the Santa Fe were go
ing to work this morning from their sta
tion at Keenbrook, In Cajon Paas. the
handcar jumped the track on a curve
near Devcre arid the section foreman anil
his six Mexican laborers were ail more
or less injured. The car was traveling
at the rate of about ten miles an hour.
At the sweep of the curve for some un
known reason the car left the track. As
soon as possible the men were brought
to this city and put in the care of tho
Santa Fe surgeon. " Foreman 'J. J.
O'Rourke's nosa was broken and hia face
badly cut up,. and Dlnicio Chavez and
Modesto Cruz were badly bruised and the
extent of their internal injuries has not
yet been determined. Abram Carron was
cut about the mouth and his left leg was
injured. Ignaceo Ramirez was hurt in
the right leg and arm and three of his
ribs were broken. Rohario Muerta had
a badly crushed arm, while Faustino
Agala is nursing a cruelly lacerated ear
and a wounded knee.
NEW CABINET IS FORMED
BY ITALIAN PRIME MINISTER
ROME, Dec. 23. — Prime Minister Por
tis has formed . a new Cabinet, com
posed as follows: • *. '
Prime Minister and Minister of the
Interior, Ale33andro Fortis; Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Marquis San Qlulino;
Treasury. Paolo Carcano: Finance,
Signor Vacazelli: Agriculture. Slgnor
Gorlu; Public Work 3. Slgnor Tedesco;
Instruction, Slgnor de Marinis; Justice.
Finnocharo Aprile: Posts. Slgnor Mar«J
sengo; Marine. Admiral Carlo Mirabel--^*
lo; War. Signor Malnonl.
ispccdthe Parting!
1 WelcomethcCommgl
I Mew Year |
I with good old ' tj
120 YEARS OF GOOD CHEER M
Brings Health and Enjoyment to ft
all who drink lt. 9\
Does more toward bringing sun- fc
shine into the lives of mankind M
than any other product of nature. 3
You can get it everywhere. fg
C. H. EVANS * SOJJ3. d
S Established 17SC. 13
cj Brewery and Bottling Works,
H SHERWOOD & SHERWOOI>, f|
pi Pacific Coast Distributors, ?|
fej San Francisco, Portland; l\
H Los Angeles. JH
.
yi i^jn — — ga-fp-ggMßw \u25a0— j
Here are some very hand-
some Bags that we will offer
you at special figures. All '•
newest sizes, shapes, color- \u25a0
ings and leathers. The Bag
Illustrated contains purse,
mirror and card case, each in
separate compartment. Very
: fashionable and desirable. ,
$1.50 Up. i
f 1 KEEP OPEN '
TO-DAY -AND TO-MORROW.
Mall oroers promptly filled. j
8 THAT MAX PITTS.
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. !
lOCS Hnrket St., San Franeiaco
I 1 1, Hl_— , B«for« bay-
. One of Mt %fi uve - yon
\ Sample.. Only $O ££.y. \?£
! can do b*st at tbe factory.
! J. MARTY GO.
'\u25a0 Trunk and BaK Manufacturer*.
23 TURK STREET.
l'»«Bf'E»»t 9224.
J THB I
i Los Angeles Times I
i : %£LS FKA.\ CISCO OFS*ICB A
IS NOW DJ "J
I Room 41, Chronicle Bids* 1
! Telephone Mala 1471. n
I Arthur L. i isb. Representat:v» |r*
Tbe Times Lt the advertising $
medium of the Southwest. r|STRIKES SHORE
IN DENSE FOG
Steamship Portland in Dis
tress on Spire Island, 9
Miles South of Ketchikan
PASSENGERS DISE3IBAEK
She Will Be Total Loss
as Water Is Now Above
Boilers of 111-Fatcd Ship
SEATTLE, Dec. 23.— The Alaska Com
mercial Company's steamship Portland Is
ashore on Spire Island, nine miles south
of Ketchikan. The vessel is leaking bad
ly ajid may be a total loss. Dispatches
fcay that the watt-r is now above t^ie boil
ers and that the passengers have been
taken to Ketchikan in small boats. It is
thougrht that the ship struck in a dense
fag. The Portland is one of the oldest
vessels on the northern run. She was en
route from Valdez and Seward -when the
accident occurred.
ROBBED AND CHOKED
BY AN OLD FRIEND
Seattle Woman Identifies As
sailant as OnerTiinc Guest
at Her Home.
SEATTLE, Dec. 23.— Joseph LaVelle was
this afternoon arrested charged with hav
iug entered the house of Enos West at
South Seattle late last night and choking
Mrs. West into unconsciousness. He then
etole a purse containing $20 from beneath
the pillow on which Mrs. West's head
rc-Fted and made away. The woman put
up a vigorous nght, hut the man scratched
her badly about tho arms and face. She
succeeded, however, in tearing the mask
from his face, and to-day she swears that
L&Velle is the man who entered her home
and robbed her. LaVelle is well known
by Mr. and Mrs. West, he and his wife
having often been at the houFP as guests.
DISROBES AND WAITS
FOR DEATH'S APPROACH
Train Handles an Unknown
Man Who Tired of
Life.
SEATTLE, Dec. 23.— The body of a man
fvho had entirely disrobed and piled his
clothing beside the track was found be
eide the Northern Pacific Railroad track
one mile north of Auburn this morning.
His head was horribly .smashed. It is
believed that the unfortunate individual
placed his clothing at the spot and then
lay down on the track, resting his head
on the rails. There he awaited the ap
proach of a freight train, which struck
him, mashing his head. The other parts
of his body were not mutilated. From ap
pearances the man was about 25 years of
ai?e. Nothing- was found in his pockets
to lead to hie identification.
YOU DREAD COLDS
JCot or.ly because of the suffering and
Inconvenience, but more on account of
the serious results that often follow.
When you notice the first symptom of
takins cold, heed the warning and
promptly take a few doses of
/5X*tJ OrrvKWi-TVi* You'll find it very
WSs "AUiJIAIJH helpful. It not
KSfStv i^RTTTPPc^ only prevents
K«£f£§ W^ \u25a0 Chills. Cold* end
tjftiS^f I?/5V I'nriimiinin, liut
MMI /&&f^&; f latutency,
BSri WSfesSi Indigestion,
gJ^ifiSs^SgA Dyspepsia,
'W&im^&MSi Costiveness,
HP WsMlsgk Binousne ss,
ifjcS^ Female ills or
T*J " to-dmr.
gCslil^^iSS^SSki^l copy of our JJ>OB
Xr^Sf!Sn^__S^ \u25a0 Almanac from
\u25a0 * your druggist.
PERFECT
Cleanses and beautifies tho
teeth and -purifies the breath.
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Convenient for tourists,
PREPARED IV
HOLIDAY GIFTS
Opera, Race and . Field .
Glasses, Lorgnettes, Spec-,
tacles. Kodaks and Cameras.
JLo4o£aAvv>.
y OPTICIAN.
105 MONTGOMERY ST.
HEAR SUTTER OPfi OCCf DENTAL HOTEL
KODAK AGENCY-PHOTO SUPPLIES
Dear Mother
Your little ones are • constant care $3
Fall end Wmter weather. Tbev will
catch cold. Do you know about Shiloh'i
Co&szx&ntba Cure, the Long Tonic, and
vfcat it has done for to many ? It v said
to be the on!/ reliable remedy for all
&e&ses of the air passages in children.
It is absolutely bzrmleu and pleasant to
take, htsguaraateedtocaxeoryourmo&ey
i» returned. The price i* 25c. per bottle,
«nd all dealers an medicine lefl
Tins remedy Aoald be m erenr household.
Sold by THE O\VX DRUG CO- 1128
iijurket at and SO Geary st.
SAY JURYMEN WERE SOUNDED
BEFORE THE COLLINS TRIAL.
Scandal multiplied on scandal yesterday
in the aftermath of the Collins trial, and
so much ill feeling and animosity has
been engendered that the case and it 3
various phases will occupy the local courts
for many days to come. Serious charges
have been made that George D. Collins
in person visited the men summoned in
venire to act as jurors in his trial for per
jury and asked them regarding their per
sonal feeling in the case.
What appears to be an attempt to tam
per with the men from whom the Jury of
twelve was to be chosen was first re
vealed by George E. Starr, who was one
of the jurors during the recent trial.
Starr is reported as declaring that he
\u25a0was approached by parties interested in
the Collins case and questioned regarding
his opinion of the guilt or innocence of
the accused attorney. According to a
statement made last night by Starr, he
was told that there were several mem
bers of the venire approached by the at
torney with the questions as to how they
felt personally toward the defendant and
whether they would five him a square
deal.
One of the men mentioned in this con
nection is L. R- Larzalere, a commission
merchant living at the St. Francis Hotel.
It is reported that Collins asked him for
a square deal and attempted to sound him
as to his personal prejudices in the case.
Larzalere is at present out of the city,
and Collins denies visiting any man be
fore or after the impanelling of the jury.
Starr personally would not affirm that
he had been approached, but.it may be
inferred from the statement he made
that there was an attempt to obtain from
him an expression of opinion regarding
the trial and regarding his personal feel
ings for the recently acquitted defendant.
No charge is made, however, that there
was an attempt to bribe any of the mem
bers of the venire. It is stated that the
visits showed that an attempt to commit
bribery would have been easy, as the
means* of approach were open to either
side, and practically no safeguards ex
isted until the twelve men were chosen
from the venire. Collins is emphatic in
his denial that either he or any agent ap
proached any of the jurors, either before
or during the time they were In the box.
EXIIAGED AT BYIXGTOX.
Collins is enraged over the actions of
the District Attorney in declaring that
the three jurors who held out for his ac
quittal were influenced by improper
means, and has prepared an affidavit
chr.rsir.g the District Attorney with con
terapt of court and requesting that he be
cited to appear before the court Tuesday
morning to show why he shall not be sent
to Jail for contempt.
Judge Lennon practically finished his
connection with the case yesterday, when,
after a strenuous talk with Judge Lawlor,
he refused- to entertain a bond of $15,000
for the release of Collins on bail and de
clared that he believed that the verdict of
the Jury was wrong. By so doing he dis
qualified himself from any further action
in the case, and the acceptance of ball is
placed with a local magistrate.
Collins attempted to secure his release
last night on the bailbond offered by him
and endeavored to get members of the
Apnellate Court or the Supreme Court to
grant him his freedom, but was unable
to.get together a majority. He will con
tinue the attempt to-day and confidently
expects to regain his freedom. "."-' -j
District Attorney Byington is still firm
in hi? opinion that there has been crooked
work in the Jury and maintains that hon
est men could not have arrived at a de
cision for acquittal unless they were men
tally deflciert and. imposed upon by dis
honest men. He asserts that he will probe
the' affair and endeavor to ascertain the
motives of the three jurors, N. N. Hick
man, Charles H. Hartley and^ James T.
Hunter.
HISTORY OP TRIAL.
The history of the trial from the time
the jurors entered the jury-room until
they were discharged holds the most
important phases of the case. Long be
fore the case went to the Jury the men
in the box showed a disposition to dis
cuss the aspects of the evidence, de
spite the warnings of Judge Lennon to
the contrary. It was noticeable at that
time and remarked upon later behind
the closed doors of the Jury-room that
the three men upon whom the suspicion
rests failed to join In these discussions
or conferences, and bore the appear
ance of men to whom the^trlal was a
passing show.
The attitude of one man in particu
lar became so objectionable before the
case went to the Jury that he was let
out of the consultations entirely. When
the Judge had finished his charge the
Jury was taken to the room and placed
under lock and key. Considering the
circumstances which have developed,
the wonderful self-control and easy as
surance shown by Collins while the
jury was out are now made plain.
When th© Jurors entered the Jury
room Paul F. Kingston was placed . In
nomination for foreman. Kingston ex
pressed unwilllnsneßS to serve and Imp
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24,, 1905.
Glaim Is Made That the Defendant k Person
Approached Members of the Venire.
• ; * * \u25a0 )\u25a0 .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
TROUBLE BREWING FOR BYINGTON
Serious cbarges are made that Gtoree D. Colllna in peraon visited several members of the renlre from which
tw» made the selection of jurymen for the trial of the attorney on the perjury charge. One of the men who la
believed to have been approached la George E. Starr, rrho served on the jury and Toted for the conviction of the
accuser attorney. AnothV* Is L.jH. Larzelere, n commission merchant. Collins denies the chnr S e. The defendant Is
preparing an affidavit charging Bylngton with contempt of court In accusing the three jurors who voted for his
acquittal of being Influenced by improper means.
FUNCTIONARIES OF THE LA^'^ I
WHO ARE AROUSED OVER MIS
CARRIAGE OF JUSTICE. j
mediately either Hartley or Hunter,
placed the name of Hickman before the
jurymen, and Hickman was chosen
unanimously.
The first ballet was then taken and
the result was somewhat of a surprise
to the men who were convinced of the
guilt of Collins. The voting showed
that eight jurymen stood for conviction
and four for acc,uittal. " The four who
held out were George E. Starr, Hunter,
Hickman and Hartley.
the argument that followed Starr
defined his position on the aspects of
the case, and said that, while he con
sidered the marriage of Collins and
Charlotte Newman proved beyond a
doubt, he was not certain as to the
filing rt the second answer to the com
plaint for maintenance. Starr also held
that the father was the natural pro
tector of his children and in his cir
cumstances of life would be better able
to care for them.
Furthermore, the juror expressed
doubt as to certain testimony of the
Newmans, whether the second answer
was filed at tho request of the defend
ant, and whether the State was justified
in bringing a civil action to the crimi
nal court for trial.
FIVE FOR ACQUITTAL.
The statements of Starr made an im
pression upon, the others, and after a
long discussion another ballot showed
that the Jury stood seven to five for
conviction. The fifth man was Charles
A. Carillon. After this result the dis
cussion waxed high \ and loud, but
neither faction dared put the matter to
a ballot. It was not until the pointa
raised by Starr were refuted by those
holding out for conviction that another
ballot was taken, and the result was
nine to three. - ;
After Hartley, Hunter and Hickman
had voted for acquittal they refused to
listen to further argument, and In the!
strained position ,that followed the'
jurors almost came 'to blows. Especial
resentment was shown by Juror Hartley
to .the actions and remarks of Morris
Feintuch, who was one of the most ur
gent for conviction, and only cooler
counsel prevented a collision between
the two men. For fifteen hours the
deadlock remained unbroken, nor was
there aught but a perfunctory attempt
made to break it.
In the earlier .part of the session
Hartley, -Hunter and Hickman, In re- v >
sponse to argument, announced , that
they were fully convinced that Char
lotta was the wife of Collins, and this
opinion was concurred in by the rest of
the jury. They | contended, however,
that they were not satisfied as to/the
legality of the second answer in the case
before Judge Graham, and refused to
listen to any discussion of the points.
JURORS DENY CHARGES.
An extended search yesterday finally
located Hickman at' his home. He de
clared that no approach was -made to
him either while he was chosen for Jury
duty or after he was placed on, the jury.
He added that had any one done so he
would have inflicted bodily harm on him
and reported him to the Judge. -He said
that he reached j his conclusion for ac
quittal by losing sight, of the , bigamy
i charge, upon which he declared he /was
not called to decide, and stated ; that th©
perjury to his mind was not proved.
Hickman also denied that there was
any- approach made to Jiim through-: D.'
H. Bibb, a lumberman and formerly as T
sociated in business > with s Hickman. It
was at Bibb's; Sacramento-street home
that Collins lived with the McCurdys be
fore . his flight . to Canada, j Hickman' de^
clared that the state of 'feeling existing
i between him and • Bibb precluded any,
possibility of an approach from ",' that
quarter.
Juror • Hartley was interviewed by a
representative of The Call the night the
Jury was discharged: r ln t addition;; to
stating that : he" acted as his : conscience
prompted -Hartley,-. : declared that the
vote at • first stood \ six ; to slx^ A This \ has
been proved untrue. Hartley also added
that eight of the twelve ! jurymen had
their minds made up for acquittal Just
prior to the time that Father Connolly
was called to the stand to testify, and
that the interjection of religion into th«
trial caused four of them to. switch to
conviction.
James T. Hunter echoed -the state
ments of Hlckman and Hartley and de
clared that no one approached him at
any time. He would not deny that ho
had heard a rumor of such approach to
other members of the Jury, but could
not say who was the man or men. He
maintained that he reached the verdict
from the evid.ence in the case and de
cided as he thought was his duty.
LE.VJiO>' REFUSES BAIL.
Judge Thomas J. Lennon refused to
accept the : $15,000 bond offered for
George D. Collins yesterday by the
Aetna Surety Company. [In doing so
his Honor said that he 'had never ac
cepted a bond from a surety company
in a criminal case and; would not.
This ruling was like, a blow in the
face to Collins. , The man ,who did not
flinch under the relentlessness of the
prosecution or the seeming certainty of
conviction betrayed a trace of emotion
when this ruling was made. He paled
slightly and started, but in an instant
was tho same , composed Collins again,
lighting back with arguments and
technicalities.
District Attorney Byington asked
that the bail be raised to $40,000. In
making this demand "he said: "There
ars reasons which I cannot state before
this defendant why this should be done.
I will give them to the court, if neces
sary, but to make them known publicly
at this time would thwart the ends of
Justice."
Collins was waiting with Attorney L.
P.' Boardraan and Paul M. Nlppert of
the Aetna Surety Company. Attorney
Krouse and others interested in the
case were hovering in the background
when Judge Lennon entered to decide
whether or not Collins was to eat his
Christmas dinner in tho County Jail.
There was a light of triumph in
Collins' eyes. His troubles were prac
tically over, he thought. The bond was
ready and in a few minutes he would
step out a, free man to all intents.
"1 have' here bonds in the sum of
$15,000," I\q announced.
In an instant Distrjct Attorney-
Byington was on his feet, protesting.
"This man- is technically guilty," he
<ieclared./,"The jury by a vote of nine
to three v proclaimed itself in favor of
convicting him. Besides this defendant
has declared though the public press
that he has been practically acquitted.
;He declared that he intended to go to
British Columbia. I ask that the bail
be nxed at $40,000." .
"We would gladly raise $40,000 or
$40,000,000 if we could," replied Collins,
"but the bail is already excessive. I
believe that had the jury voted for
conviction the court would \u25a0 Have been
in duty bound to set aside the verdict.
This demand of the District Attorney is
preposterous.- If his request is granted
I will ask the Supreme. Court to reduce
the bonds."
BVIXGTON'S DARK SECRET. ,
"There are other reasons which' I
cannot give in the presence of this de
fendant why the bonds should be raised >
to $40,000," declared Byington. "I do'
not care to state" them before this de
fendant." \u25a0
"This is exceedingly unfair, this is
oppressive," said Collins.
Byington walked up to Judge Len
non's chair and whispered something.
Necks were craned forward, but the
District Attorney did not make :it 'a
stage whisper. . . %
"This court would not set uside the
verdict had the Jury; .voted for convic
tion," declared Judge Lennon em
phatically. "I believe that the evi
dence YvuM ample to warrant this de
fendant's conviction. There wast no
good reason why he should not have
been convicted. I place no credence In
his story that he went to British Co
lumbia for his health. I believe that
the District Attorney Is Justified In ask
ing that tbe bail be raised to $-10,000.
I am disinclined to accept the bonds of
any surety company In my own court."
Paul M. >'lppert of the Aetna Surety
Company Was questioned regarding the
nssets and liabilities of his company.
He replied that the latter were in ex
cess of the former, but that the eom
pnny was "arood^,'
"We arc secured against loss In this
case," Nlppert added.
\u25a0 "What seeurtiea were given f» asked
Judge ' liCunon.
"Real estate owned by Mrs. MeCurdy
and Mrs. Clarice Collins," was the re
ply.
"I will accept cash bail for 910,000,"
declared Judge Lennon.
"We cannot raise that just at pres
ent," said Collins. "I have no other
bonds to offer.". •
The Judge declared the ruling was
final and left the bench.
Before taking? action in the matter
Judge Lennon became involved with
Judge Lawlor. in a wordy war in Judge
Lawlor's chambers over the question of
who was qualified to accept the bail
offered- by Collins. Lennon maintained
that his duties ended with the trial, and
Lawlor held that they included the
placing of bail. Lennon finally entered
the courtroom and ruled as recounted
above.
While this was going on Judge Law
lor hastily left the building. "Word was
brought 1 to Collins of Lawlor's depar
ture and he hastily arose and started
for the elevator in an attempt to inter
cept the Judge. A deputy sheriff, with
visions of a IJigrht to Canada- -before
him, immediately sprang after the at
torney and brought him back.
COLLINS SPEAKS HIS MIND.
Collins was in a confident and restful
mood at the County Jail last night. He
expressed himself as being pleased
with the present aspect of things,. said
positively, he was sure he would never
be convicted now, told of how he in
tended to secure his release without
further ; delay, and once' more paid his
respects to District Attorney Byington
and Superior Judge Lennon.
- "I have In ury office papers already
prepared; charging District Attorney
Byington; with contempt' of court," said
Collins; "and I am going to file them) In
Judge Lawlor's court \u25a0 bright and" early
on Tuesday - morning. ; -In my opinion
the District -Attorney /certainly was tin
contempt: of \u25a0 jhe court when- he I hinted
that i the ' Jurymen had been influenced.
: r v."I shall- also endeavor to have one of
these : three :; Jurymen . bring: -'charges jO f
criminal libel against Mr. 'Byington. In
my opinion he committed criminal libel
by .attacking; these 'gentlemen the way
he did. Were 1 in the position of any
of them I -would certainly take such ac
tion without delay, but as the matter
does not rest with me I cannot act, but
I will confer with them and do my best
to gret them to take steps in that direc
tion.
"1 fear that should my case come to
trial again before another jury I will
bo severely handicapped by the manner
in which the prosecution has conducted
this case. It will be hard to secure an
impartial jury apain after the manner
in which Mr. Byington has attacked
these tl/ree gentlemen.
"I will say again that tho District
Attorney and Judge Lcnnon have been
prejudiced us^inst me from the start.
I tried to show that the Judge had his
prejudice before the trial commenced.
My opinion" has not changed as yet.
Judge Lennon has been criticized by
able lawyers all over the city for* his
lack of knowledge of the law. I have
referred to this and to other short
comings of his in my argument and my
testimony, during- the trlil,
SAYS lIO\U IS DOXA FIDE. .
t "I think I am going to have a hard
time finding another Judge to sit in
this case, , if it ever comes to trial
again. I "know that Lennon is sick and
tired of the whole affair and wants no
more of it. It. was a harder job than
he expected when he tackled it first
and he was jjlad to have a chance to
wash his hands clear of the whole pro
ceedings.
"lie should have accepted my bond.
It was duly certified and- bona fide in,
every respect. I even went to Judge
Cook and had him indorse it. Judgo
Cook said if the case were in Iris court
he certainly would have accepted the
bond and allowed my release from jail.
Lennon accepted a bond from the same
surety company when I was released
from custody before, and I cannot^un
derstand how he can refuse it this time,
for the law says that when a nuua is
arrested on a criminal charge he is en
titled to Ills release provided a proper
bond is f urnished. I j havo furnished
sucli a bond, indorsed by another Supe
rior Judge of this city.
"Every man on that jury Is an utter
stranger to me. I never met one of
them, either socially or in a business
way. I defy any one to prove that I
ever had any business relations with
any of these jurymen. I never appeared
for Mr. Hartley's father or himself
when they needed the aid of a hawyer,
and, further, I will state that I never
had a client named Hartley since I have
been practicing law in this city.
"I feel easier now than at any other
time during my trial, for I know the
worst is over. lam not ready to state
what my future plans will be, but I
will have some surprises to spring be
fore very long. I have been handi
capped for lack of time, but there is
lots of time coming."
MOBS LYNCH STRIKE AGITATORS.
Villagers Oppose Spreading: of j Work
. ingnien'H Propaganda.
vST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 23.-1:20 p. m.—
Telephone messages from Moscow say
that 150,000 men are on strike there: that
the city is already feeling the pinch of
hunger; that many bakeries have been
sacked and that all business is suspended.
Even the banks are closed. The Im
perial Bank, after standing . a run until
2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, shut its
doors on account of lack of light.
The casualties at Moscow yesterday are
estimated at 150. In addition wholesale
arrests were made.
From the small towns along the rail
roads come reports of .attacks on rail
road men. At Elnla seven families were
butchered ' and two , delegates were
lynched, near Kursk. . The organ of the
Moscow workmen has appealed to the
men to avoid assuming an aggressive at
titude, saying that even if the troops fire
"wait the signal for armed "resistance."
Here in St. Petersburg several col
lisions between workmen and the troops
have occurred in which several of the
former were killed or wounded and many
agitators were arrested at their lodgings
during the night. With the exception of
the official organs only the Novoe Vremj-a
and Slovo appeared. The former con
tinues Its provocative attitude toward the
Jews, sarcastically referring to the "sec
ond • day of the revolution . so solemnly
and stupidly proclaimed by the Russian
Jewish agitators."
Nemechaieff, the Minister of Communi
cations, has received a telegram from
the employes of his old road, the South
western, saying they will keep the sys
tem open.
WOMEN' FEELTHE KXOUT.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 23 (mid
night).—Late to-night, after' an order
had been issued to the,prefects forbid
ding meetings of any description, public
or private, Cossacks and troops cleared
the Nevsky and . Moskai prospects and
other thoroughfares. In many places
the. Cossacks^used their knouts freely,
even on women. It is believed that a
state of siege will be declared in St.
Petersburg to-morrow. • ili'\:i-<
MEMBERS 'OF PRESS CLUB
/ - : - ENJOY A CIIRIST3IAS TREE
In the Cosy Apartments of the Club an
Evenlug of Good fellowship
Is Enjoyed.
Around the Christmas tree in good
old home-like fashion, with plenty of
wit and talent, the members of tho
Press Club gathered last night in their
cozy club rooms and welcomed Christ
mas. Refreshments served to make
goodfellowship: reign throughout, and
all agreed it was a rattling good even
ing.
A few. preliminary . remarks by the
president, , John , McNaught, who re
viewed in an intensely interesting man
ner the pride Californians take in their
native Christmas tree, and the trees the
people of other countries worship in a
like manner, started tho ball -rolling.
Here Captain "Billy" Barnes, who was
feeling in his best moouand .was some
what sorry that ' Christmas did -not
come ' more than once a ; year, kept the
gathering In high spirits.
Some good songs and a few . stories
were well received. Harry Perry, bary
tone, sang-a Christmas solo in a de
lightful manner. Mr. Onslow's rich
tenor, voice, was heard to advantage and
he had. a -hard time giving the crowd
enough, f \u25a0 Mr. S Dobson's racetrack story,
which ' "Billy" Barnes claims is the best
ever, was heard and all agreed" that
Barnes was right.
JAPANESE
GIVES BATTLE
TO BURGLAR
During Desperate Conflict in
His Home B. "Ivimura, a
Chicken Raiser of Millbrae,
Receives a Fatal AVound
BULLET IN HIS LTJNG
Armed With Ax Oriental At
tacks Intruder Who Has
His Money, and They Fight
for Life on the Floor
After a desperate hand-to-hand strug
gle with a burglar in his house, near
Millbrae, B. Kimura, a Japanese chicken
raiser, was fatally shot by the thief, who
made good his escape. Kimura walked
several miles to South San Francisco
with a bullet in his lung. There he se
cured medical attention. Early yester
day morning he was brought to the Mc-
Nutt Hospital in this city and last night
was sent to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, v'j -, -;>
The assault occurred last Friday, about
12:30 p. m. The Japanese conducts a
small chicken ranch. He was out in his
yard feeding his fowls and was attracted
to his house by the noise of some one
walking around inside. On entering the
building, he discovered a white man with
a sack containing various articles, in
cluding money, he had gathered up. -Kl
mura seized an ax and made for tne
thief. A terrific struggle ensued. The
Japanese made every attempt to dash
out the brains of the intruder, who
fought desperately for his life. Kimura
was infuriated at the possible loss of
his little money and valuables. The two
rolled over and over on the floor of the
small bedroom. Kimura endeavoring to
land with his ax, the thug warding off
the attempted blows and trying to draw
his pistol. j ~yi
In the dim light of the windowless
room white man and Jap battled for su
premacy. Kimura is 50 years of age and
his' strength was exhausted after the
struggle had progressed for fifteen min
utes. Finally, peeing his adversary's
strength gone, the burglar drew his re
volver and deliberately fired a ball into
the chest of the prostrate man. Kimura
made one feeble attempt to protect him
self with his arm. but the bullet pierced
his left lung, tearing a gaping hole in the
flesh. \.y ••,
Then the Jap says he fainted. How
long he lay in a stupor he knew not.
When he came to he discovered that the
thief had stolen $35. Kimura made his
way, though painfully wounded, to South
San Francisco. He was treated by Dr.
Palmer, who advised, his removal to this
city. J Palmer did n^t notify the San Ma
teo authorities for some unknown rea
son. Kimura was brought ' to the city
in an ambulance.
Last night the doctora at the McNutt
Hospital phoned to the Central Emer
gency Hospital and said that as the Jap
had no money they did not want the cas*.
Dr. Glover treated the unfortunate man
and says that his chances for- recovery
are slim. The police were notified and
they in turn "communicated with Sheriff
Mansfield of San Mateo County.
Sergeant Brown of the San Francisco
Police Department, to whom the report
of the shooting was made, did not know
whether he would send a detective to in
terview the fatally wounded man. He
said he would communicate with the San
Mateo authorities. By the time the
Sheriff arrives in this city the Jap may
be dead.
Temblor Rocks Houses.
HAGERSTOWN, Md., Dec. i 23. — The
town of Hancock, in the western end
of this county, was shaken by an earth
quake about 10 o'clock last night
until houses rocked and windows
rattled, causing the residents to be
come badly alarmed. The seismic dis
turbance was also felt all through that
region in Pennsylvania and West Vir
ginia. ""-:- t;
CHARGED WITH VAORANCT.— WiIIiam
A. Davis, Carl S. Price and William Banwtt.
the three bunko men arrested on Friday by
Detectives Bunner and Freel, were t>coked at
the City Prison yesterday on a chanre of
vagrancy. This action "was taken, as their at
torneys had threatened to apply for writs of
habeas conms.
AIiTTLK-AT-A-TJM if I §1 jL
M H l^k^^^S^^M i— Quarter-Sawed Oak — Highly t|
Jg Eflffij^o^-^^ polished; French bevel mirror, j&
I§ l!&*r a— Golderr Oak — Quarter-sawed, Jg
«|OT &o^7^'^&n?l th French P* atc beveled rnir- Ja
Swiil^nfi $/£ !!:::; lTr i >\\ < $ $/^ ror » 22X 4 8 - Our r e g« lar P" c . c S
»!!*§~sv \u25a0' / IIYiWM for this bed is $67.5°- This <Pi
mJ&W^W ]? "' I" I '*i week's sale price is only W
filfc?|s| //, /Jißß§ 3— A Very -Handsome Quarter- S
SHifePV// //- ;>lfiyi; > Ifiyi Sawed Oak Bed with raised <3
lllfeilS ' 'lit ''\u25a0 M front; beautifully trimmed;
&lm?'%W ; WhWVi French bevel mirror. 20x43. M
ikfSmWi ft Elf VW& Regular price $75.00. We sell it jF
mmfiWisJ' JM^wsr this week for im
wmmi \u0084. ssu** I
»K^^^^^^resS ventory. we will sell all oar coo.li Tf
lg Bgg^^^^asSS^S— - I L"-'^J this vrerfc at 20 »<T cent off resular
IffY I i^ 5^- — z^-j^-^^U p-ices. Now Is the time to fumLih your Qf>
ffyriTJ^ — -*-^>^^ home at about what good* cunt ns. j»
Wr#FOU>£ST>?//D MOST RELIABLE FURMTUXB HOUSE IHTHEtITf &'
MERRITT ECHOES
ODELL'S WORDS
Machine Candidate for the
New York SpeakersMp Bit
terly Denounces Higgins
DEFIES THE PRESIDENT
Predicts Disaster as Result
of White House Interfer- I
ence in State Politics
SEW YORK, Dee. 23. — Th* Republi
can Assemblymen from X«w Yortt
County at a conference to-night for
mally adopted a resolution Indor^lns
James W. \Va«Nworth Jr. for Speaker
of the 1M)8 New York Assembly, with
tbe reservation that If Assrmbtynisiu
George B. Agnew would stautl for the
Npenkerihlp they would support blia.
Agnew declined to commit himself to
night, simply stating he would nsrm
decision until he ascertained 'the trend
of pablle sentiment.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— E. A. Merritt
Jr., candidate for the nomination for
Speaker cf the New York State Assembly,
made a public statement to-night, in
which he said that "in face of repeated
demands for their resignation or removal
by people and parties of all sorts, tho
Governor has continued to extend over-
Francis Hendricka. State Superintendent
of Insurance: Frederick D. Kllburn. Stato
Superintendent of Banks, and George W.
Aldridge. State Railroad Inspector, tho
necessary protection of hl3 office power.
It is not to be wondered at that they
should cleave to the Governor." Continu
ing Merritt said:
"The President is said to be out for
Wadsworth. If it is so that he is taking
a part it ts not the first case of Prest
dential interference in tho politics of tho
State. Such interference has heretofore
resulted in disaster to the Republican
party of the State.
"The conference held here yesterday,
consisting of all the leading members of
the Assembly and about half of the Re
publican members-elect, by their expres
sions of opinion show clearly that the
action of the Governor Is most distasteful
to every man who has had any real legis
lative experience. For all disagreeable
consequences no one can be held respon
sible except the Governor and his kitchen
cabinet, -who have forced a false and
unnatural situation."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.-James Wads
worth Jr. of New York.- candidate for
Speaker of the Assembly of his State, ar
rived in Washington to-night to spend
the holidays with Mrs. Wadsworth. who
is visiting her mother. Mrs. John Hay.
Speaking of the campaign for the Speak
ership. Wadsworth said that he expected
to win, but could not add anything inter
esting to the situation beyond what is al
ready known.
"Mr. Merritt says he is in the race to
stay, and perhaps he is," continued he.
"I have no appointment to meet the Pres
ident and do not know whether I shall
see him or not."
WOULD-BE SUICIDE
BEKLKD THE BAKS
Garden City Police Arrest a
Man Who Made Sensa
tional Charges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 23.— 8. D. Rice, who
"recently made # an unsuccessful attempt at
suicide !n a *San Francisco hotel, was
taken into custody here to-night by the
police. Rico was under the influence of
liquor and had apparently been using
drugs, as he was in a state bordering on
insanity. When he was taken to the po
lice station and- searched a loaded re
volver and a bottle of morphine were
found In his pockets. The police^ here
have been on the alert for Rice ever
since the statement made at the time of
his attempted suicide was published. In
this statement Rice charged County
Treasurer E. W. Conant, E. C. Stowe and
other San Joseans who are interested in
a corporation with trying to rob him.
Jnrors Doubt Negro's Guilt.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Dec. 23. — Tho
jury In the case of the negro Monk
Gibson was discharged after having
been out eighty-five hours and failing:
to agTee upon a verdict. Gibson was
charged with, the murder of five, white
persons in Jackson County, Texas. He is
27 years of age. He will remain In
jail until February, when he probably
will be given another trial.
3132
Music of Yuletide
in Churches of City
tlsiual programmes in Honor of flativ*
: it£ tit Dartotts IHouses of Morsbtp-
Iftcw-. Qftoon nnb Cbrtetptao dome on Same Em\>, TKlbicb lie flntcrprctcfc b\> vTbosc
V • .wereefc in Occult lore ao Stem for -prosperity in (Tomino !?car.
Tim Intcrrtstlnir fact that for tho flr«t
time. In many decade* th« HOW moon
iuftjUtijknnlvrt'Biiry of I'hrlslman. lt'Of..
occur on t&4}»amb dat« Is lnt*rpr«tod
ii a'nod utttn. Buch an evoni i« rarely
coimi^rnt. and . by Btudcnti of th« oc
- tilt I*3 rrKiir.lc.J iiii proof posltlvo that
tin- rV« «>f prosperity and good will
which tho country hai« onjoyod durinw
ilu> patl tn«l\o motilhs will bo contln
"uvTi^for 004 mini' yiir nt least.
\u25a0• Amotig th»* ehttrchM tb« preparation
foV a joyful Cbrtiunaa aw mor<> roark«d
than <v<i before. For the next ton
t.«>* the ii'Mir=<i of worship will K< <p
• •pen houw. i:\iry Hund»y-«chool In
\t\6 rlty Will lii>vc Hn Christ ma* troo
.ma jikto. will not be n child, however
j.««i\. who will not have some k if to
rmiko'tti hcari vibrate with Joy.
Tlko.. |*pi!»» op,»lt:«n and Catholic
, iiJi-ioln-p have 'no monopoly of Christ*
inu»." .X It ih«> e\ .inKelieal * hnnhes have
.icltn <i"th<> lino The tuo j;roat deuotnl*
natlonji" hatf« hud th«<ir hand* f»ui to
net <^< \u25a0!»•"< !mr< -lion in trim Tor thf> great
ffnixiyni brfrin* Mii». yw on the
[flSt>trok« ©f nildnlKhf «>f Sunday. The-
TfUwislttoii from ill.- p«!ilt«utlal reason
«'i •'•vflxtit. t«> <h>- loya of Christmas I*
K» in l< J *hat only a f«nv hours remain
"nV.-khlch l" adorn with tb« »rrten;«
*>hlotf-;the'«i«ajwn demands. Notwlth-
K^ijjilnp; thf«, tlieio will be no dttnlnu*
iii^n In ,11(0 •cplwuior and attractiveness
i't\ \u25a0lum'li .d,cloratloiifi. The evergreens
nAjlcft«w«ni will be Just as 'profuse a.n
Uf'.ifo*Mjier:yoni> Theto will bo the unual
V.IIVI l*rci»b> (rrlnn t Imrrli
Tfc« i>roKtHunno ror tuo «. nnstmas j
•crylcei .»i* liie Plr»t ITcabytcrln.a !
£juirrjU:Co h« v-U«u on Sunday is as J
• "i'lir' clttiir- 'Aliii Afhle) It. I'auli. i«-pr»nn; I
Mts. H>TOH. V'.'^na.Ut. cntiaUo; J. H. l>«- !
«».*.«» triiot ; I'u^ tlvatS**, t'ai"!"o; «H»l!«!r,l t>y
ter*. t., C,.'Mulear>(. hi<n<; Mii>» IWwe Puh
• t l .' \"i>lUi, I'ltn l*li-l»wici. orsaniFt nnj «tl*
:•,.,!<\u25a0.. M.-tnil'ii iM-mc'e. 11 p'rlwk — OtSS.nl
WTluSe, •'fXstoial'" (J. (», tacti): "l>oXOlt*¥»*? I
• : n w Le«4'« na>er." "ITsp Aim»mio*' t>r^t." i
•»v.loi*s«SV«trl," infe eenfer«C«tiOH rtatsiUnic and I
.ttntUnc; «titem. "Ariae, Mjlne!" *A«lsur 1
tVaHer; hjuui 3-S, "il Com*, AH Ye
l-V.th!Ul'": ii>adlnn 6t the ScMitures'; rtuet for
totMt ».:vt ...tit«»lto, \u25a0Ti'.r Ang^l or Lifiht"
i*« V\ . <k n .iv,!M«»; hymn T»>. '*» UtUC Town cf j
J«eihlrlien»'"; |-ra}Ti. oTtertoo. violin tolo, 1
"Anrtantr HrlUrton*' *K. Th.me>; «nthmi j
twilli violin, harp an.l i-itan «>vxir.i| -antment*. •
-.*n a Mai\*rr" »C A. USAtttft); crW'ili l'>" |
,i!« Ivrtut 1 : bctt^licuott; grgma r»»<!uite i a.
• iutlmanl). * K\rr.ti>« n'ivic.% ;.ao o clock — Or
ten WThiiie. 'T*»l>«al" U. We!y>, IValtrr.
\u25a0 A.toiu i"i«ti!*"; hymn Tl. "Joy to th» WorUi*. j
1 st»^ l^nit 1* t'onip'j 1-eB.JInB «>« the BcrtptttfeSJ |
tvtniiillii »»»Jo. "l'«e|>aiv Thysrlt." ItOßt !
"CHrtcttuM «'tsi.>iut" (J. s. Dicta): prsjrw;
• >i«n ti, tituHl the llcral! A:.c>l*
o« t « ry. orvau i»Mo," *'OM»t*Wtfe M ttSttW. L*
hraUnrt; K^*lt4 "Hi* i"ccii Hi»
lUvk. ' n^4» '-Vhv Metnlah" tO. F. JUAUeI);
n^Jrrj-* -ts \\n> I'motor: anthem. "Hatl the j
*vt«* ' (Ucttu-i S. HarUetl*; Ucncdictton.
M. luunlliK t hur.li.
The following ptocraauM* «rtU II 1 * 1
*Uv« n un Clv istnuis %.\ny at t^t. Ignatius
Church t by tlio ra&ta rhotr uad<r tho
«:ii«.tu>!i i->r l>r. Maurice O'Conncll, or-
At 5 « w. . pi-klema hi^h BUv«s— «4Cjrrt* anJ
• ilorta tMtrc*atnt«V UttwrsiUa CfWto. Sanoivm
i«<4;v-isi«^tu««. Apiu> jH-t u^amrttSU "JCort*!
I A dan.); * rMtercs lli-ar.t VttOiUlU* iMcUlil,
i< ! .>i" a. in., n'irmn Inch biiw Kyric »n4
• \u25a0i.st,. »M«iner»>; Ol<»rta (FitffiAmlU); otf«rtciT a
. -t-tnsiu* na(>:!« r*f tiielviU; i^netuss, Iw-ne*
dletua, Agnus IV! (Oouoodt.
T..»0 r«. nt.. si>!e«m vT*ivt»— l'ttltn* <Gr*>
tWtati); h>wn. "4c»a Ke»iempsor Otsm'uta";
Macnlßeftt «Capispiv*. iHirtn*- Ihe collection
\^m ch<»:r vili »Uis itoun>VT» "Naiareth";
««lema tx-n«HUct to« : "l^stctx-* ltra:it Vlfil
ftHU"*" 1 *W«.vU»; "Tar,tu:a Knc t »" % v*>r*in);
l*,»;4;i?e J '.:••, Sf.uttt" u?tv£\»rt*te). - *'A»S«»te
i^.i.Vf" *-»:( hr vtrnsr «t *»<h tnxit* «r4
l*r. O'OVmnril wUi render »srg»n bmOS by li*ch.
UlfCttt, IVThavr*. J'OJ»U l"ranok*.
J>rrt, lV*t «n4 MalUtvr.
t.tn.r Church.
Th* follow Jnj: is tho order of service
to bo til yen tvl Orac« Ohuich on Christ
t;;as day;
Early «t;i tw a.«.mtnt*trnr4 at S
b •--... at vhtcJi \tf \»Alt»\ «ttvllU»r}- chotr
*SU Bttlg. AY She Rt'.dJijr tfrvscf lh« ch-^ir
w»U r<MkSl*l «\u25a0>? rwshipen t«ra, njtrvctist by '*»*
**rr**«*t, WtUittm il. ItOit. Tft* pf\»oe**k>aal
hft»t «lti Im» M«KMM*aha'S "Hark, Uie ilerai,t
AsitvU Vratte u'rv^vnian.). T«> lVam
efflfrtorT> "VXMSOS, <.«<»lilie* s CV'*rM%'" »x-rd« by
K\*n^» n;w»lv- tj !U'«r»\t« r»r*er; c\-wsr.-.v.r.i<«»
t-jtun. "*tsf\4.i «f the \w-riJ" UtebcOi Qtorta
s« Rxr«i»tt D*« >>;<-^«r!<T>: r«t*trtai«l, "<H
t^,# t>»ife«^rn W\> Ucspouca" caadem uxicd.v).
>t. Trre**** Chwrrh.
music ha» brrn RrrAnßod for
th« eoagrtysJLtoa of ?l> T<rrc^,Vs Ch;:rv>h
on Christmas day. Xhe procram« is as
t\>Uow«:
Ma»w» at .\ T^\ » »t»i m«a>,W tr.*!<*
*s ifliWV. «t *ft!«fe »Wi F»t^*r J Urr.ru; i. -a »rtU
t* lb» o<rKSw*r.t *n4 Ue\. 1-^xttirr O**\»ae:»
wttt ri^each \h» **r«o*s at the tf Q^C^OCk »*»*>
Tt,e <-hiliivs at M*rj'» «^>-:r «-j!l rcr.^er sq>
; n :\ri«t* t\>TWR*.
At *>\u2666 W;5« tr.*» IV Mi:».'> eian will N»
r«^*Jerc4 ty tfc« rsai?*tn»: fcprarwy Mr*. I.
*>tTT»-<ra; «v*;tr4ltft. Mis* SJX F*Jw> ; upsvar. A. J.
Mc.vJ*,'.>t«-r; V*?9s Mr. BSaklMrtWi tV.* efTencwrj
;\!<vc<c. **N«tl," «*«! be ?4itl« t-> Sir* »»r«v<>«.
V«-.av<^.V,a{ety »Ttfr KS|>S* Ria*» btSMtteCRSa *t t!se
Jie*.*»«i *acr%s»«'r.t ««;< h? ttx~rn. ianap «c {itch
KsMasfi v x> S»t«tari*"* *;U !>e *«c# hy Mr.
v -a ::it\r-t »r.l W\bN? % >i "r*V.sam Ers«** fey
ttil thctr»
The r«e*Sv- at (he $ and 10:30 masses
v»UI t* eadcr th» d.tre*Uon cf the or-
St. IXtmtatrV
The Cfertstma* rerxjer* at sx. rxsral-
Dr. Humphreys- Seventy-
Scveii breaks up Colds and
"An <«pjdenisc ot a j>ecu!iar
formofGrMp, which raffects the
ton*»ls and h«a n sh©ht res»snii-
Wance to dtphtherta, is causing
VAlihouo^ th<» malady {s not
ci in^erous »r. its cons^qvicnccs,
ni* d«fsor«b?d by phy&scyians as
b«lns «xct?«dtn^iy patnrul and
UstsftMn nb^ut on* vv'«N»k. Uis
v s omaQ»ou"s and children «tre «s-
p»?c;aUy «uscepuble to Hid dss~
If U ** GHp'or orily -a Cold '^T*
will bro^k ii up.
Crua *•* >*a iStmU, K«w TKsl.
nlr'w Church, Hush ;unl Stelnor stroots,
will \w tnnrkcd by \u25a0 iiolcjniinlty tii k*epr
Ing with that high fectlvah Thore will
Im polinm lit>-.!i mtiNM nt 5 nnd 11 n. m.
Tin- Mormon ut th«> 11 o'clock initf«H will
l>«< preached by Bc'v. It. P. Cahlll. P..
Of Niw York.
The mutlo will bo of unuuuol excel;
ictn'o. h. i{')i«H« jiu'u Moss In D minor
will bo kumk by in* reffular choir of
tin* ehurchi Cor tbo »cqucnce tin
•\u25a0Ailopto Kttlcloc" will bo Hiiinr nnd for
tho offertory BtewarV* "Jcsu Ht>«icmi)
tor Omnium." Tho nololats aro Mrs. U,
\ppi<\ Mlwm l.rola Stone. K. i 5. Elliott
iii). l Q. U. Stone. MIM Hrlen do Youhk
will n room puny On tho harp. Or. 11. J.
Bto war I l» director and organist.
si. Pmacla Church.
Tho mnpsoK at si. Prancli Church,
Vuiiojo »treet, T. Cnraher rootor, will
l>«> oolchrutcd ut 5, 6. 7. S, !>. 10 ftnd 11
o'clock ChrUtmaf mornlpg:, an follows:
At Ihe r> o'clock mans the yminir ladles' choir
will fine v numtier of Christina* carols. M!r-s
Ttllie u'Connrll, ontanUt.
Al 11 oclt«-k MUtSTd** numK In F will t>e
r*o4#red, the ofTcrlory t> liii; Snwllo'n "Atlesle
Vuu !<-».\u25a0\u25a0 The aujtta«nt«d oholr under the iti
rpcilun of Mlim M, A. Bt*V*ns, organist, will
b»: Hv'i'iaiu>-Ml»!»r» Ltnore. Ifiijshea, Mary IV
(mon, Ann* McMahon. Aebm McCHrthy; M.
Thill; ftltijs\ l>ll>irs 1«. oConnell, M. Moron;
tennis— Mowni <Mt.« « "nrrlt\Bl>in. 11. Hurri»;
lvaiwoß—Mesfra. Hoy Kay. J. Hlikey. Hey. Jiv
Btflh i ; asla, J.. will prtAth the arnnoti. tak-
Itiij for hts uubjecl. "The liabe o{ liclhlehem."
(rniriil Ilc<lii>ttU( lCnlnroMnl Church.
Christ m.\» niusli' will be klvoh at tho
Orntr.il Methodist Kptocopnl Church,
Mission sttoft. botwoon Sixth and
Seventh. How Qeonr« W. White. D. D..
pastor, at both mornlnu nnd < : vonlntr"
Hcrvlrof* by a Ihtro chorus. AtSlStttkJiy
the following .soloists: Mr^. Walter
Bator, Koprano; Miss Jcnntfl l -- l<!»ws«on,
soprano: Mlhsi BUxab«U) Prio**. con
tralto; HI nun 11. Gould, loijor; Osoar F.
Williams, bass; W. Fletcher Husband.
onrantit; i:. T. m. Kckart, director. Tho
proßramtnc will be as follows:
Mornlnt ]'fatrsmmi'-»Orpan prrluJe (chorus).
VSitOttt the Olad Tl>!lnB«' (i\ Iv lUwley):
qttsjrtvt, "l<t Its Now Qo Kvcn Into Bethlt-
Jitm" \J, 1» llattiw); Mrnton by the unsnor.
Hrv. Oeonf* W. White: ofTertory !«t>lo. tenor,
it. it. ()<m 14< rltortts, "it Came Vi«.'t> the mm
n!«ht Clrar" <P. A. Sfhn<vKer); quartet.
"Hymn of the Nativity"' Ul. J. Stewart); or-
K«;> ; •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ':•
In the evcai&S the choir wtll render Salnt-
Bae>i!«" ChrtstmM cratort»> cvn.vlstlnK of tho
tttUowt&t numiirs: rtvlu>ie ror orcan, "Alle
nrrto I'aptoml*'*; reclt, for tenor, sopfUML alto
;u;.! tvif an.t chorus — «lr. alto. "Patirn'.ly
!t^e 1 Walicl for the I^jnV; «lr, tenor, "In
My H.:m 1 IVlirv*. O \^r*\" and chorus.
dUA, soj>'*no an. l l^a.t^. "I>ie!«.'<fHl Is He Who
CMMtB in th<» Name of the I«irvl"; chcru*.
"'Wl'.y lx> the Heathen Olamor": quartet.
".VtieUila — Ye Heavens SlnK Praises"; quintet
«n.l chorus. "Art*e Now. l^HViehter of 21oi»" ;
cturUK. Praise \e the l^ord of Hoats"; otter
tory »-o!a. •\u25a0HeJo',.-»« Now, l>auj:hter \>( Slon";
•Messiah 1 " (HanJcl), Mik. Walter Uascr.
M. Jnnirit Chnrrh.
At St. James Church. Twonty-third
and Guerrero stroois, v special pro
icramnio has boon arranjrftd lor the 5
a, m. high mass. Soloists: Miss LenOrfi
Huphcs. Mrs. K. 11, Dlnnlican. Alice
Lrahy, J. P. Leonard, "Xocl" bolng Bunt
b>- James l>onohuc. At th«» 11 o'clock
a Folotmj hiir!i mass. Millarvi'n In F, with
a iatj;p chorus — soprano. Miss F. K.
Hyan: contraltos. Miss Altco Leahy,
Mrs, McCono; tenor, Mr. Habjon; bass.
J. P. UKOtiard and Mr. Murphy, assisted
by Mr*. It. R. Dinalsan. and Miss
Saundcrs. At tho ofTertory Adam's
•NVol' will be sunc by MIM E> E. Ryan.
Oostns the mass benodicilon will fol
low, under tho direction of tho orpranlst.
Miss M. B. Putvcll.
•il. Mnrj*« Cmhrdrnl.
A 5 o'clock mass will bo celebrated
at St. Mary's Cathedra) to-morrow
mortktttfcT, nnd The following rrojrramnte
will bo rendered:
TT-.i» Cecri'.an Ch>vJr. ursvier tho ftlrectten •cX
ItiSS M. A. SSrvcr.*. n'SU s>!rjt Arr!^V# *"M«*s
tn CI." "A<te*:e Ft«lelK" A.l*ni*s "Nix!,"
"Alma He<Vr.-'.j>:crl!'" aa4 "Ar.Kfl*. \\> Hay*
l»<ani c-n Hijfh " S^riranos— o<rtru»?* Oocnell.
Kshel Gnlth, Ethel Murphy, Masv.le Weich,
CarmcttU CoawlL MiKired Dorahsm, Hate!
iVnehy. Be«»)<> O'lWen, A«se!# On-ytMK-k, H»>a
Oj>-»b«.-k, n.titl» JOhttMO and *Vrtrv«il«» Kel
!cy: *Uf»-^-!J^*ina Ooaaatl *t\<\ Martha Ji\jm
!B«>rt. C^rj:sr.;»s, Sll« M, A. ?l«XTrr.«.
Thcr« will also bo a special pro
gramme. i*>r the late mas*.
-Kmanurl UnptUt Church.
Chrtstrntui musical services will be
held at K:nanucl Baptist Church to
morrow at 11 o'clock in th*» morpinjr
ARd at T:45 U\ the fvcnlnisr. as follows:
M.-mirit—Orsan. "HT-.rtftwa* AntherA" (Mat
Ve*rtcSt); hjrr.n. "Hark, th« Hera J.i Ar^*;»
Sinif'*; isvw-A'Jcn; l\ar>tAn» j=.<.v "ABvt th*
Ar«cJ Sai^" iWitiy). Ivfv. J. Ceers» <!lbapon:
rvsvsja!ii\e rt>ad!r.c. IVa^m xxlv; sor^wao »al\
"'^:ar of th« lt»s:" iStc»ms). Mr*. Pt«!i»
Matthew*; j-t~a.j*r; l^rvt's lYaj-cr. ch*r»te<l hy
tfc* c>s^s-r«ratlc«: vtoUn »i>3a. "K<vnaßC«" <ne»-
Wer); feymtv. "W&Sl* \V»tch«i Tlte'.r
IPKviV. Scrir'tur* rr-a^Sn*. t«cta\ t, 4ft-W:
*\ss.trtA I>asrl"; relict"*; harrto>«# *^>>\" r >r»a,t!\
e.f lYa>>f"' (iVStyf). IvjsSvh \\\ SSmsiosi>; c.Ster
tcrj. *"ta K.->ial l>avni'* City" vM*r«o); bary
i.^e • «ryr tVuwy, A 5? CSv->ry" arrsiajred by
Pttltta>. K»v, J. «,s<sirrc Oib**-.r.; sijjvirl jmtkuis;
"'J--J t* th# \\\xrM"; b<T.*<iictica; rrv*s»j<?r.*l.
""AiWSu:*" iKe**f>. Pip* orpsn, Ml*« l*:\.\
f. C«4<M-fc!:i; ptjuuv Mis* Kettt« IV-twiK; Ttd-
Ur.. C. H. Blftak} <\Mt»#u w\ r. Alrv»i«-f.
E\er.Sß« — Otrus. '\u25a0rtU-ry ta tfe* Hijtiw*t M ,
<t^»~^«-a»; &}R«v **'V\"l;ile S^^!s•^.«•J^l* W»:c>.«>4 •
Tfc<".r Kl****" 1 *; -tssr»f*ti.»: t*ryt<w*e sola, "a
Boat Worta t* s;ncicjr" «n«U\ U^r. J.
*>rv^pe Ott^ea; S*-rty.ttttv« r**»V.ns, l*aVA ix,,
!\u25a0*: <vT,trattft S»*\ "7k* D*«r« Ha* Come"
<v\ ;".vtr.fo>s.), Mr*. Orac* S**v»pf-Gtlb«-t; rc»j>t
*t>4 l**&'* rrax-rr vv>.*r.^«-J tr tis« v\w.ct\r»-
Ucz-Al feywsC **H*rlu ihe K.-r»;.«. ArjreS* S.Rir";!
»v*rjt'i-*» r^,\ *T!v«» <J«n" <l»e^T*rKJ>. Kalph
W. Stwwr.oftM P«-rtpt«w» r**jSlßj. Al«t, 11, !
J-II; «J?*i* PwtrS" 1 ; McJia solo. "MXiSrtsrate" ''
»j^r.s.«^»«l; »iMtoe«; **"?**»«» »s3 t \ "Chrlrt-i
n;** s^sse" <Atla»K Xfr» Iwesw?* town; ft- 1
frrtovty »iyr«cSii»*tra.>, '"OS,rS«nv»* M*ivh" \Tul-!
S*t); fc»m<K* »'^s»\ *X^rt*snsa» cr.iwir*" ,Vs-fr- j
Ky>, J?e\ •, J> O<vrc« Olb*,"a: •V->rt iwrtnfia; !
aytast. "My Cvwairy, *Ts* of Thp*" <Xo, &»;]
Kp.V.i.~sUM-.; r<MVJ«c*AV "A CfcrteUnaa llyiaa" i
IVuna r,ißSr»sallntml l hunh.
i^r^'jal ChrUUn«« sctTK-f* at th«
r%>;;rth vVr.srrvis-AtSisasii Church, Qrwa
strrtu «ear Stocktoo, \u25a0will b« as t oU
tV.k« turtle** ** PamSAy-acS^vvl *»*<
t;*l CfcrUUsvtt wcsl« fey tSse rfedt
R*v, K. X W*:* * ail *jv*v tn^msn* *»A
ci Ju->.w Sc%v.Usf*. S>!t cs><.Mr will Pfr.ur I V
f<4jJ.->*t««r. "I^rfwtcc* \VTlih Asit^ln," fey K*
"t* l*st> lV«!?,R»itr \\** Ih* Worl."' fcj- Is>»r,«^.
sun* t-.r Mi** i!*^Ws» LJsvtol. *a 4 Jc^-.w s^h-^J»
Ut* '•rtU *!«£ A&suss** < "Cta.U9s«! JCtvl."
-t \u25a0 .
Calvary rrcw^tf-Ham Otmrr*.
Tfcer* wtU Sj« S|y«i« m«*K*-*l s*rvl«s
at i^Sv^ary rrtsbytcrlAa Cfectx-h. Fin
m»ty> »wi4 s*ck*oa *tT*«ts, at ?;$$
•w; : tCfc*£**A»: errw W.
THE SAN FRANCISCO." GALL, 'SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
ln>); ftlso enrols. Mm. Jenkins nmi M(H<H*(f
im, ttoprnntt; Mm. I'nrtliiKton nml Mrs. Thor
ipy, contralto*; X Lt«d6rm»nn ami w. \V. On
via. It nan; Mr. Keen* nn«t Mr. Onrrls, hawsos.
W. Humi'l Thurlny, orsrtuilist mnl director.
California-Street Church.
. Christmas services will be cslebrati
cd hi tho California-strQCt Methodist
BpiapopaJ church. California and -Hrod
orlck NtreotK, ltev. Ouorgro A. H^ugh
pastor, to-day. Tho following pro-
Riainnic will be nmdorod ut tho morn
iiisj: and evening services:
Morning nt it o'clock — Prelude, "Hoaiinim"
(Wiuhn); choir. •'I'iepnro Y«* th^ Wi»y of tho
l»m-U" tGarrrU); Apostlpn' orwHl: prayer; olmlr,
•Ulory to God In thf Highest" UVrtfolew);
rcgrjonalve Scripture reading; offertory — •&>
pra.no ei>lo, "Noel" (Adam). Ml."«» l<onteo
Smith; hymn IK3. oonKr.jriitlon; m<rnif>n. Hey.
George A IIoukIi; lolUrnlto *ok>. "Tho lllo
rhniH Morn. uNVHl!lns«i). Miss Orioß Illplilim;
nolD nntt chorun, "BtnK O Ueavtnc.V (Tourfc),
Mis* .smith and choir; JwnctUction; include.
"Tinviito In Ol'O 1 ' <l>ubnln),
r.vi'iilnff ium-vU'ob- Praoeiolonal. jirlost.V
march from "Atluill<V (Memleloxohn), orches
tra; chorus, 'Vhrl*tmiu» miln" (Merrdlth);
prayer; r«iiUtion tind mong. "Tho Jleavenly
Child,'! Mr*. Horaer'a. cln»»; duct. "O Holy
NlKht." lMna nnO l^oram- Ilnrrlvon; N*W Tes
liin<ent li>i<non rocltntlvo (Huasoll O'Neill): or
chrsirn. Hctectinn from "The Mesxlnli" Olnn
iS.l»; recitation, "Oood Cheer," Adeline Us-
Mnin: ehotm,' "t>me With Anthem" Olnd"
iMcrvdlth); olTertory. "CHlvary" (l^ul lUrl
ney», orchestru; chorun. primary department:
tddrtM liy the pastor; violin duet, "Adago"
iKllllwoil.O. Oladys nmi Audrey Munroe: qutir
trt. Wiley, Chnrles, Shirley and Dnrnetle Mar
tin; duet. "Hnsto O Shepherds" (Wilson). Isa
bella Jayne nnd WIlUn Uttlney; chorus, "l>rcam
On" (MllcsO, members youngr ludlos' IJlblo
claw; orchestra. "There Is v Green Hill Kur
Away" («'h. Gounod): chorus, "Uejiutirul Uetn
lehetn Star" (Mcrtdlth); benediction. -
St. J«»lm*<» Church.
Pt. John's Church. Fourteenth street
and Julian avenue, Hey. U C. Sanford
rector, will usher In tha Christmas les-
Uvillos by a festival for the Sunday
school to-night. A Christmas troo oC
Immense proportions has been pro
pared. The i.iuslc for Christina's day
Is as follows:
Organ • urelude; iirv>ces»lorml hymn M.
••Hark! Tlie HernKJ Ansrels , Sing" (Dykes);
Kyrle la C *Tv«ur«o: Klc*a« Creed in C (.Twurs);
Hymn tit. "Hark! What Mean Tho*« Holy
Voice*'* vOeer): offertory anthem, "Thero
Were Sheph«nts Abiding" t Vincent); hymn
17. "StnK, 0 Stop, This Hley*.-d Morn" (Ko
lve'r); Suwum Corda and Sanetus in C tTours);
Ucnedli'tua In C vlVurs): hymn 4l». "O Come,
All Ye l-'aUhfnl" < Heading); Ajjnus Del tn O
(Tours) : Clorta In Kxcel*l* In C (Tours);
Nuno lMmlttls In E minor tUlow); r*ce.»slonaj
hymn tso, >*Angela Krum the Realms of Glory
vSn.art); erjran pottludft. Ornanlat and chclr
mastrr, Oeorjie U. King.
A combined olTort of the eonsreg-\-
Uon to reduce the debt on th> church
will materialise at the offertory. A
larse collection is assured.
Church of the Advent.
The Church of the Advent, Market
and Eleventh streets, will ho nblaxo
with lights, evergreens and flowers to
morrow. All the ' accessories of rich
vestments nnd Impressive ritual will
be employed in rendering: a service
which has never before been surpassed
in tlu- history of the church.
Solemn hlsrh mass will be sung at
11 a. m. to the following music:
Organ prelude; solemn processional hynn.
"Of the Fathers Love l^Kvtten.** ancient
plain sour; uuroit psaim, "Kyrie Eltlaon" in
X (Wallace tUibln); *equenc« hymn, "Adeste
Ftdetts*;; "Oiorla." TIM and Credo In X flat
K>«U-k*hank) ; senucn by ih# rector, C N.
IJitlirvp; oflCertcry anthem "Hleaeil Be the
XjCitU" (llarnaby); Sursum Corda. Oantus So
lemnis. Aanctus a«J HeneUictus in X flat
(Cruickrfcank); paternixster, aiiclent plain
f.-»rig; "i^evenfolil Amen" (Stalner); Asnus Del
tCrulckjhank); "t^lorla In K\cel»i» Deo"
lOuUokshank) : ps*alm 11". aniiphonal; organ
pc»tlud«. John de I\ Teller, crgaalst and di
rector.
"\Vc»fiuln«tcr Hr«**hj-terlnn Church.
Services at the \\ estminster Pres
byterian Church, corner of Page and
Webster streets, will be of an unusu
ally Interesting character to-morrow.
At 11 o'clock the sermon will be such
as may easily be comprehended by the
children, of whom it is hoped there
will be many present. The Rev. Her
bert K. Hays, the young and popular
pastor of this church, is nn Interest
ing speaker to, young: or old, and has
selected for his morning sermon "The
Story of Jesus In the Human Heart.**
In the evening at ?:*5 his sermon
will be "A [ Birthday Gift to Jeaus,"
Th<«rc- will be enjoyable congregational
sir. sin jr. in addition to which the aug
mented choir, with Miss Marrack- at
the orßan, will present the following
musical programme:
M^rr.tryr— 'The First JJotc**!" (OJd Ensltsix
Oarc.l); "The Wondrous stcry (Palmer):
"CSrls:n;a*"' Shelley); Soprano solo, *Th«
BttthdaT of a KUur" «N*e!dltn«er) ill«» F. H,
IVrkiasi. K%-entnit— "Anpcl* Frcm the Kealms
et ou>ry" (StMphard); "^itsgr and Rejc!«
UfcLrnby); 'X^ntlqu* ij# X©c!" <A<Jam?); teaar
Kto, "Netp IWtx King" iTVlghuaaa), •\u25a0 R» \u25a0F.
Sramra's Inatttate.
The Christmas wc*k programme of
the S«itnen*s Institute Includes the fol
lowing, begiantnff with to-day:
S&a£ay< D«e*tDb«r 14 — Holy Camnsanlca, 11
*. ny; eveatac **«vie*. T o - c;»ek; Chrtsimaa
caovl ttttfftaC !>:SO r. ra.
Ohrtstma* «s*>% Mcsday. t>ec««b*r S5 —
C^risirea* »*rMc*. 11 «. tn,; lunch. lt:SO p, ta.
foo»MU laatcii; tea »b4 Christina* tre«, 7:30
Tv*-»£*y, !>«*»>«* tft— Ralr^ dar; Ctrlst
sr.as itnntr arut ccac^rt, 7 o. ta.
\V*lß«>*d*y, CVceaber 17 — C\xsc«rt. 8 p. ta.
"n-.aryJ*?. Bectaibcr £$—€siruua*» rUy, S
6atttr3ay« rvc*tr.b*r SCV— Tfea sad jk>el»i erea
tfaaAay. IVceKsber SI— HoJy Oarataanloa, 11
a. nw; nuuEtc taxttrra slides *«.! carol sircnf
T;S» r>. ki.; *«fpcr, ?.?0 -,x «.; «r*tch nlslJt
sfrvie*, 11 r- «a.
Mecii'.ay, N>w Year's day, ISOO— Ho3y Ows
wiuuloa 11 ». ta.; ;ar.-\ lS:5d p. ».; foot baa
sratcis; *lh3eUc soort*. 7:SO p. nu
St. S tephen** Church.
Thoußh SU £tepn*a*s Charch Is xrilh
out r rwtor, the pr*t« rat ions for a
brtlttant obscrvatjc* of the Festival of
ih<» Xfttivity wtltnot b« tanailed. This
music vrll! be r«a»ler*iJ by « lars*
v*st*d choir, directed by M*rtla
Wait* ta C tCretc*.); T» IVura Sa O CKvX»l>;
"Tte#r* W>r# Ssi«pfe«T*S*"' <Kted): i^»«ns i a
» —
St. I.«kc»« Ohnrch.
St. laik*** ChuTch, R«w. Barr M.
\\><?<d<-a sector, will be made «ar
piasstnsly b«iuUful to-iaorsnovr with
<*lA*K>r*te decorations. Tsj« larire v*s;t«<d
cii*!r of xxNJrafca »ad m«A will r«ader
a raMTJSinccat csuslcAl service, as fai>
jrai^Ulc; tKtwtfL "X<*J** CA4*sa>, veto -fey Mr.
J^jfe*?; <sr*Kisjxml*n ?*rri^ la F <V.£«r*); 433
th*wu "Tstt?* Wet* . S&^^^stT^*" \u25a0 CFV^Stxi, *o4ct
hf Ksv, w W*«fc« »««i Mr. F»ri»r; rtv*ss}*a»J.
TrSnisy- lCpt*cop*l O^uivl*.
TJioag^ Cftrl^tß^a* and tfc« foanh
ia Advieat fall topft&*T, at
Triatty KpiscoivAl C&«tvli t&e;cjuslc tor
vh« $r«at t^*tl«U vrlU'W-tuUy. as : iaas>'
r.iS<*at as «v«r % *At t&e CaUsMr&l saad
TEN ARE HURT
IN COLLISION
Electric Cars Crash To
gether in Los Angeles,
In jurying Many Travelers
TROLLEYS DEMOLISHED
Passengers From Ascot Park
Meet With Disaster While
Returning From the Races
r>OS ANGELES. Dec. 23.— Ten persons
were more or less seriously injured in a
broadßldc collision of two street cars at
ixniß Beach avenue and Twenty-second
Htroet this afternoon. Car No. 285, on the
I^ong Beach line, crashed into an Ascot
Park car, hurling.' passengers through the
wtndows and 'mixing wounded men and
women with flying debris of glass and
steel, Tho following are among the in
jured:
D. Gattone, manager of Donatelll's
band; .internal injuries.
Mrs. Milton King, Compton, bad cuts
about tho head and internal Injuries.
11. A. Allbee, Upland, hip dislocated.
Henry Winter, the Hall Hotel, badly
cut on he&d.
Mrs, JI. It. Fullmer, 907 East Sixth
Htreet, internally injured and badly
bruised. "
Henry Winter was hurlod through the
window of the Ascot Park car.;
Tim two cars were badly smashed. The
wrecking gang was summoned by tele
phone and the truck, cleared in twenty
minutes. Ambulances took the wounded
to the Emergency Hospital, where most
of them are bemjf cared for.
STAGES TO KUN OVER
TH AIL AT FAIEB A NKS
Line From Valdez Is Soon to
15c Placed in Op
eration.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 23.— A now line of stages
from- Voidest to Fairbanks will be in oper
ation within the next few days, accord
ing to a telegram received by the Alaska
Commercial Company from the Valdea
Transportation Company. The work of
building: the lino and preparing it for win
ter travel has just been completed and
passengers will bo transported from Val
dei to Fairbanks with little or no delay.
The trail between the two towns is one
of the oldest in the North, but up to the
present no attempt to operate a stage line
has been made. The travel during the
winter between these towns is very
heavy, particularly shortly before the
spring opening of the rivers. By the time
the next boat reaches VaJdez the new
line will bo in operation.
Unknown Man Takes Life.
LONG BEACH, Dec. 23.— Kffrly to-day
an unknown mlddlo-agred man com
mitted suicide by shooting himself in
the head at the end of the pleasure
pier in this city. The man .evidently
had come from a distance. There were
no papers among: his effects and the
marks on his clothing: which could lead
to his identification had been obliter
ated.
1 St. Ignatius prqsrrammes of splendid"
merit will be performed by largely aug
mented choirs. Trinity Church will
be splendidly decorated, and the follow
ing: musical programme of superb qual
ity will be rendered by a famous choir,
beginning at 11 o'clock:
TrocessSonal ' hymns, 51 and 40S; Jubilate
(plain chant); Te Deum, festival In O (Dudley
Uuck); IV-neJlctua, festival (Dudley Buck);
offertory anthem, "The Angel Gabriel" (Steven
son), bass si»Jo, with double quartet and chorus;
communion service in K 1 (Tours}.
On Sunday next the Christmas service
will be repeated. In tho evening the
oratorio of "The Messiah" will be
given, with Miss Millie Flynn, solo
soprano; Miss Elslo Arden, solo con
tralto; Charles Trowbridcre,- tenor, and
Oliver Recce, basso, with chorus of
forty-five voices. Sermon by Dr.
Clampetu
Lebanon Presbyterian Church.
The following will be the programme
to-day at -the Lebanon Presbyterian
Church, Sanches and Twenty-third
streets. Rev. -R. Logan pastor: \
Morning *er\-ice — Orsan \u25a0 "Chrtst
n:a» l*re!ude In IV* (Mutter); dosology and in
vocation; hymn 73, "O Come, AU Ye Faithful"
(Adefte FWeies); anthem, "Jesus tba gen U
Born" (PfaHllps); responsive psalr.i reading
and Ix»rtVa praj-er: hymn 74, "Hark! the Her
ald Ar,jre!s Sing" anthem.
"There Wers Shepherds Abiding* (Tuynes);
scriptur* reading aad praj-er; Gloria Patri; an
nouncements; anthem. "Blessed Is He That
Cometh 1 * (Danl^); Ctarisunas aermea by the
pastor; pmyer and offertory; soprano sola,
"With Venlur* Clad" ("Creation,"* Haydn).
Mrs. U. E. \Vll!*ts; hymn RT. 'All Hall the
Fvwer of Jesus Name" (Coronation) ; teatJio
tion; crc.ia ttostlude.
Evealog senrlce — Organ prelude; hymn 71,
"Joy to the World" (Antioch); a&them, "Be
hold 1 Bring You Good TWJlars" (Ooss): re
rroaslre j«als-. rvAdinff and Lord's prayer;
hyma 7S, "As With Gladness Men ot Old"
(Dix); scripture readlns and prayer; response
by choir (Metcalf); anai>uncenitnts: anthem,
"Calm' on the Urtealns Kar of Night" (Wil
liams); &hort address by the pastor; prayer:
oHertiwy. criran solo, "Traumerie" iSctnirnaan) ;
baritone »-010. "AU Hailt'* (Thomas) ; hyma
556, "Hark! Hark! My Soul" (Pilsrlias); beae
di«ion; organ postiude; orsanist William
lit-r.
Holy Innocents* ChTarcb.
Holy Innocents' Church. In the ,Mls
sion, with an excellent choir of men
and boys will render the Christmas
music at the evening service to-night.
The Christmas service will begin with
a celebration of the Holy Eucharist at
?:S0 a. m. and again at 10:30. On
Thursday, December 2S, the Sunday
School festival will be held at * p. n.
Musical programme:
Fi*c*s*!«iai.' *\Yd«te FSdelis": tntrMt, "There
Were Shepherds'* < Simper); "Kyrie." "Glo
ria," "Credo" (B. .TV. H«ade); kyaa, "Harlc
the. Herald Anrei* Sins"; "Glraia" (Gocool);
offertary. SO £iaa TJsa.l Briareih Good Tid
inffs** (St»iJS<r>; "Sarsam Ccrda," **Saacta»,"
"Keitedicms," "Ajrsus Del** (Reade): **«lorta la
Esroeiils" (Ke*Je); "Nuac Dtmittls" (GcssnoA);
reoc*sic«al hvr..n, "O litU« Tawa cf £et&e
h«a" ißrooVs). \ \u25a0% . ;
St. I'asi't Fnsname./.
Followinff is tlie prosrauanse of
Christmas rausla at St. Paul's , Church,
Twcnty-ainih and Church streets; •
Klsto ra»s« &t 3 o v ciddE: csaslc, *^3«««rtan
Mass.** *IxUs tone, sss^ by Us* ywaj: saea'«
cfeisir: n*ss«s »t 6. 7, 5.9 *ita Id o'ctoc3c
tfsiisyr n hicJa C&rtstss&s fcrtass wIU •be s«ag
tey. tie xa«a3be« ci t&* Ycsac Luiiitj' aad
Hosy ATis»J** S-sa*^tses; sakaa hlci atn si
XI o'eJsck; taasic, *Matbo's:M*««;** off«rtciy,
•'.Nwl," tieaor sokv JUrt&sr M,«ss&«): **Afie»
t« Fiieies" «a& \u25a0 rß«*3?oßs<*" dartag xsa» *aaf
fey Use- bcrs* trlscSr. - - \u25a0/\u25a0/ \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0--.-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
St. Fasts el»4i>— *!«?«iac«. MS*. R. r>. V*J
<rr*. Mrs. Bcit«; »it««. Miss M. F. .Code,
Ml«s K. Wcoi; tencrs. Artier <\u25a0 M«sxa.es,
CSs*ri«s O» WiUity; bassos, Wiat*a F. !<&£«,
J««9te Brccrer; «ax»s^st. Mis* Ai=tlii , I".
Caiwi; vfesS^a, Wlll**ia F. Ee*lr-
<t. A?Ef» CTaarch.
| i Th« \u25a0 jprosrajaiae at ] SC Agues . Chsrca
i to-raorww, Rev. Father Sl*uery pastor,
j will b« as follows: . '
\u25a0 : ;>.-Cmv.h >.i;:h tsa*-* at 11 c^etoflc ; C3ssAres&'s
! «si*at*ry J3*s* m-jfl be «ss^r fey tt* ciiair, «aa«r
; lis* «sir«ci*ca <£ >£«t -Mx-^«sSsse Brsa:iste«4. ': op- \u25a0
; s*nJ*t» tvy »J»- tcSicxrtas-; Jt».';S.. :
i M*«S«jr, Mi*. IV \u25a0' XV*.sy ; - <swßtr*.ltoi, ! Siis* \u25a0F,
\u25a0 S«*e'ets» Mrs. \u25a0 \u25a0 Sb«mk \u25a0: wstors. \ W«ater ; t-oco \u25a0
SINGS PRAISES
OF OUR GIRLS
Famous French Writer Pays
High Compliment to the
Fair Daughters of America
INSPIRE THE INTELLECT
Francois Coppee Says They
Have Temperaments Equal
to Their Perfect Beauty
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 23. — Francois Coppee, or
to give him his full name, Francois
Edouard Joachim Coppee, in spite of
a sudden, deviation into politics, is mod
urn master singer of France. Though
*i 3 years old, there is fire in his sad
eye and bloom comes back to his faded
cheek when ho is aroused by discus
sion, lie is a Parisian of the Pari
sians, having been born, brought up
and educated in the French metropolis.
Coppee has always been among the
aristocracy of intellect,' and was the
friend of Victor Hugo. Of late years
he has mingled with duchesses and
grand dames of France chiefly because
of his religio-political divigations; but
as a pout he has drawn his inspiration
from obscure misery and from ignored
virtues.
Copee can turn from an epic to an
a youth of 24, ho published »'Lq Reli
quaire" and he became famous three
years later when ho wrote "Passant."
A. subsequent work, "La Bonne Souf
france," indicates a sort of religious
revolution which went' on until now
he is enthusiastic, some would say,
fanatical, about religious matters. ;
Coppee can turn from an epic to an
elegiac at will and almost all the forms
of poetry have been successfully essayed
by him. He lives in an old honey
suckled home" in the Latin quarter.
There is a large courtyard in the front
and there is a big garden at the back.
It is a solitude within the city. His
unpretentious home is furnished with
books and pictures. One room is wholly
devoted to volumes that have been pre
sented to . him by a host of modern
writers. In his study there Is hung a
portrait of Pius X. There stands also
a bust of Paul Verlahie and a yet more
beautiful one of Leo XIII.
"Why do you live in this out of tho
way place. Maitre?" I asked.
HOME IN' LATIN* QUARTER.
"I love the quarter as Dr. Johnson
loved Fleet street. I am not happy
out of it.' I have plenty of space here
and to see the soft spring gradually
grow into summer in the boulevard
Montparnasse is a pleasure beyond
words. The old houses here are like
so many, friends of my youth. I have
never quite understood why poets and
artists should quit the scenes of their
first success and the sources of their
inspiration for the sake of participat
ing in a life of fashion., Besides, big
dinners and dining out generally are
injurious to intellectual life. Victor
Hugo was able to eat big dinners and
to work hard intellectually neverthe
less, but he. did everything on a big
scale anfl< was quite exceptional. Yes,
lie was the greatest, the most wonder
ful of lyric poets."
"Do you like the company of poets,
Monsieur Coppee"'
"Yes. They are usually good talk- j
ers and always congenial. There is a \u25a0
curious anecdote about Tennyson hay- j
ing paid a visit to Carlyle. The story :
goes that they sat all the evening and !
never said a word until it was time to i
separate. Then the poet said 'Good
night, Tom,' and the philosopher re
plied, 'Good-night, Alfred.' I doubt
the authenticity of the silence. I used
• *" yr R'^^ls^'M XS/- them feel ajs they did la
T* M !-« y / '^ y^+Sr n J £l '-t N. their full-blooded yostli —
111 E yr / J^ -^y j >l and It does its work vrhlle
/~* Y~\ l~* AHP r / lvVs""2/i \ \. 3roa s^ e *5>5 > - - '
VjlV CA 1 / / 'l^'^* s^^— \ \ I call ft Electro-Vl«oi
I RENO IH I \ ) stren Sth. new vitality to
Rl TII I^l pl 3 — -*~^^ JL_ every other part ct your t
*-' v-/ 1 l_< fl_y »-* IV 4, > k F p tody that inny bs weak. It
_ . _« T tssß^^^s^^^SSl^S[-Ss!^*S3Sr^' \u25a0*'* ' I tired, nights restless, ideas
i-J A. lIV Q 1 hr i T^vJ^t w-s^ag~*lMi confused, memory poor.
r/\.ll^( »sfeife«®7^^'^V ; f^^\^S^»iS kldaey* and bladder «t oi
DPnriV'r'l^ i - .a A x }^::Jrml>ni^ ire sisr* ci 10-.t ritj'.itr.
"-** X f^^Bl^l^j^^? 7 ;^?-^.^ : -±:.-S:rr : : '?;>^Z/':;?^ : :\1 Electro- Vigor w:ll restore
ELECTRO-VIGORI
DRY CELL BODY BATTERY |
Will cure any mm who is sufterinsr from lost vitality, no matter what caused it. Here is aa appliance that B
will restore the force that makes the vital organs go, and it will xsake a pew taaa of you. U
n— ". Ti »\u2666 r«»A Yoa cant pet stren^ til rom dregs- The best tonic ia tHe vrorld. "and the only or.t whose B
i/THgS IrOQ I vUrc* strength . soaks into the nerves and vital organs and stays there is Electricity. \ \
' _1- Yoa notice that nearly all tny cares * ;;.
Ri-aVbnrc Cal. ZTC O1 lUea W^° fcave <ione ots °* ™ . , Sol*«l»i. OJ. I M
\u25a0 • „, T . . ,T., T . — Vigor as a last resort. When a xsan r«Jt ttr*a a=a e^*»y. a=d i «!» mn- 9
or is a F«*t this*, v has he.pea a», gets tired dosing himself he besins to 'T* rrBC3 ** *= a « F --* ****irae*a, n>» 1
ftudy. and common sense tSf h£ I^4^^^^^L^^ fj
icctcrs -•**. «f a-«n. « th« I Electridtv will rcre his trorsble STSnS SnZCZaA Ti^c*^ |
Uope that rsy wiia=s=««s to rwcsarMSi where rirrf> t^"!1 rnt reocssa=ead it tac tlsily a* a T**t is*- S
tMa tnsatssest -win bs tb* taeans e» w~s.rcw ~5. rc a i x b- s Wl.i not. prs-rerseat ©««r aay BK^tJcaa treat- L
r~jl X. ' M « "vv *«— «\u25a0 * 3 rwa fc a mat is because a man can t live ««. er *t« w**r ar» ascaitr t*nt#2 l\
STi^^-'a&S^L <rijo« Ekcmcuy: ifs aF n of v, f^ B*^8 *^ S
:: — — — ~~"~~~~~ 11 ~^"~™' bocy, and when he loses it he gets . C
vreak, stupid, nerveless and slowly goes doTra_hill and dies, jtist liie a plant withect sxa and air. I]
A plant can live withoct snn and air if it gets Electricity.. That is a scientiSc tact. Can't you se« that I
Electtidty is life to every living thing? -----
Electro- Vigor is a belt,- b=t different from the electric belt yen know. It has dry cell "batteries, in- !
stead of the nasty vinegar chain. No charging, no trosbZe* no disagreeable odor. I ii'ow half-price ca
eleclric belts in exchange to show the imoroveaientJ
SEKD THIS rCDHJI AID 6£T MY WIET 5 r~ ;-- ttA ;-; — >
Which expluu s!l about -Electro-Vigor;' and ! DR.. S. C HALL I
telis where it L^ better than old-style vinegar ! V. / 1 * •f^*' 1^
belts, it jdves the proof ct the power of "Eiec- 1 104 Market* Street*, San Fran^co '
""troT Visor** to enre after drtssrs and al! J other , ; i--*i i
treatments faiL I mail it. sealed, free, boS^-sf ** d Cl *' ?******• *°*** ****
Call To-Day Free
NOTKD FRENCH AUTHOR, "WHO |
SINGS THE PRAISES OF AMER
ICA'S FAIR DAUGHTERS. f
to delight in listening io Hugo dis
coursing upon literary subjects at his
home in the Place Theatre Francaia.
It was a treat to hear him provoke the
calm polished conversation of Theo
phile Gautier and the dazzling -wit of
De Banville."
"Is this a poetic age in France?"
"It is. We are inundated with po
etry. Prizes are given by the Frencn
Academy for poetry. At the latest
competition eighty volumes were pre
sented. Formerly we used to get four
or five volumes. The work of selec
tion to-day for us academicians is long
and arduous. Everybody is instructed
nowtidays. Many turn to literature.
A goodly number tako up that branch
of literature which comes wider the
head of poetry. Of the eighty poets
who strove for prizes at the academy
i twenty were distinguished. Xone were
I great.
"There is a similarly enormous output
in 'art annually. Visit our three Salons
and see the enormous number of pictures !
exhibited. Yet all these represent only
the selected. France is a great country
for literature and art. We are a literary
as well as an artistic people. The real
poet must sing and the real painter must \u25a0
paint. If they did not they would be un
happy."
PRAISES AMERICAN* GIRLS.
"Where do you go for your inspira
tion?"
"I find it in the humble world. The j
disinherited of fortune, of intellect, of j
birth have their joys and their woes, j
They are worthy of our sympathy and of ;
our interest, as well as an Elizabeth or a j
Marie Antoinette. The pcxir human being
onfthe lowest step of the ladder is well
worthy of the poet's study. Why should
not the shadow as well as the sunshine
of human life appeal to us? You doubt
less know that there are some American
poets of note who write poetry In French
her© in Paris. For instance, there is
Vele Griffen, who is the leader of the
Symbolist School, and who writes very
good poetry. I fancy he could not \u25a0write
it as well in English. No man uses two
languages with equal aptness and ele
gance."
"What American writer Is best known
here?"
"I think Edgar Allan Poe is the most
widely read. His daring Imagination.
pleases us. The late Jules Verne loved
ROUVIER MAY
BE ELEVATED
French Premier Eegartled
as a Likely Dark Horse
in Eace for Presidency
4SPIEAXTS AEE MANY
Fallieres and Doumer Ap
pear to Hare Strongest
; Followings at Present
PA.RIS, Dec. 23.— Premier Rouvier Is de
veloping' marked strength as a possible
dark horse In the coming Presidential
contest. The National Assembly will
meet at Versailles on January 13 to elect
T successor to President -Loubet The
palace there is now being prepared to re
ceive the 900 Senators and Deputies con
stituting the Assembly, and the near ap
proach of the voting Is causing an active
canvass in behalf of the various caafc,
d Faliieres. President of the Senate, haa
thus far been considered the leading can.
dldate, and bis supporters claim he is al
ready sure of a majority In the Assem
bly Fallieres relies chiefly on the prece
dent established by Loubet In going from
the Presidency of the Senate to the Pres
irtpnev of the republic.
However, the candidacy of Fallieres
does not arouse popular enthusiasm, and
the opposition Is combining to support
' Paul Doumer, President of the Chamber
of Deputies. Doumer represents . tho
voun~er and more active element. .Ilia
candidacy Is popular, but he has the an
tagonism of some strons groups In bota
Cl ]Jlis*expectedJ 1 is*expected that the first ballot wi'.l
be divided between Fallieres and Doumer.
with some votes for Leon Bourgeois, tha
former Premier Henri Brisson, another
former Premier and former President of
the Chamber of Deputies; Paul Descbanel.
president of the Committee on Foreign
and Colonial Affairs of the Chamber;
Minister of War Etienne and Minister of
Marine Thomson. , ~ ,
Should the claim of the friends of Fal
lieres of an assured majority materialize
the contest will be short and decisive.
However, the sharpness of the struggle
between Failleres and Doumer may pru
lcng the contest and lead to the presen
tation of a. dark horse in the person of
Premier Rouvier.
Loubet has positively declined to be a
candidate for a second term, but the pos
sibility of the Assembly making him an
unwilling candidate remains.
Poe. Your people treat his memory badly.
; They do not separate the standard of eth
ics from the standard of literature. Be
cause he was guilty of some irregularities
in' life they condemn his verses. Suppose
' we were to apply a similar standard to
i Huso, the gallant, or to Shakespeare, the
• sheep stealer, "where would they be?"
"What do you admire most in us.
Maitre — our literature, our progress, or
. our srirls?"
"Your girls decidedly. They are beau
' ties. They are poems incarnate. They
are a caress to the eye. They hug the
imagination. They inspire the intel
; lect. I meet them everywhere. No
young 1 people ever wore their frocks to
such advantage as American girls. If
they have temperament equal to their
beauty, they are perfect."
One Minute Toothache Drops cure in
stantly; loc. Family size, ZZc. :*: *
NEW" YORK. De«. Zi. — Arnold Daly, the
acror. tcss held ia $100 bail in the Tombs
Police Court to-day charged with giving an
Unmoral p*rfcnnance ia pr**.T;tins (Worse
Bernard thaw's play. •\u25a0Mrs. Waxrea'a Pro
fession."THOMAS R. BARD IS HURT
IN RUN AW AY ACCIDENT.
Ex-Senator Thomas R. Bard and his daughter Anna were thrown from a rig near Oxnard,\
lnt hc southern part of the State yesterday. Bard, who is in his sixty-fifth year received'
injuries which, if they do not prove fatal, will confine him to his bed for months. His
daughter escaped uninjured.
Is Thrown From Rig
and Severely :
Injured.
May Not Be Able
to Leave His Bed
for Months.
\u25a0Daughter of Ex- Sen
ator Not Hurt
by Upset.
Ececlal Dispatch to The Call.
"OXXARD. Dec. 23.— Ex-United States
Senator Thomas R. Bard was so seriously
Injured In a runaway accident this after
noon that his condition to-night is con
sidered critical. Whatever may be the
ultimate outcome, it Is certain that he
, will be confined to his bed for two months
or more and he may never again be able
to walk without crutches.
Accompanied by his daughter, Anna,
Mr. Bard left his home at Huenerae this
morning for Oxnard, Intending to take a
train for Los Angeles to meet other mem
bers of his family. With them h© In
tended to leave for San Francisco on the
Owl to-night, there to spend Christmas
with friends. His coachman was driving
a pair of spirited horses. About two
miles from his home at a road crossing,
a gang of men was working on -a sewer
ditch and as Mr. Bard was passing one
*>t the workmen threw a shovel full of
earth out of the trench, not knowing
that the team was passing. The horses
took fright and dashed down the road,
•triking a rut, the buggy was almost
t verturned and the occupants were
thrown out The former Senator was
thrown into the open ditch. His daughter
«*ruck on the loose dirt at the side of
£ ditch and escaped injury. The coach
i?:un managed to keep his seat and con-
Urol the team.
. When assistance reached them Mr.
T?ard was In such pain that he could
Jiardly talk, but he managed to direct
those about him how to move him. He
ordered his coachman to drive with all
; sslble epeed to Oxnard and summon
physicians. A cold wind was blowing
off the ocean and his daughter wrapped
hc-r heavy cloak about her suffering |
father despite his protests. He was laid
upon the ground with the carriage robes
and workmen's coats under him and
made as comfortable as possible until
ih<-. arrival of the physicians and was
then taken home.
The doctors found that he had sus
tained a dislocation and a fracture of
the left hip, a combination which makes
ttotb doubly perJous. The physicians de
cided to summon assistance and Dr. Lo
binper of Los Angeles was summoned.
He arrived to-night with two assistants.
It was found necessary to administer an
anesthetic before even an examination
•if the injured hip could be made. An
operation will be nr-cessary to reduce the
•fracture and at the came time replace
tie hip Joint properly in its socket.
•The surgeons decided to permit the pa
•icnt to rally somewhat from the chock
before attempting the operation. They
will remain with him throughout the j
•nijrht and if a favorable time arrives for
them to work they will proceed with the
operation.
Mr. Bard has been in feeble health for
lome lime and his age— he Is in sixty
fifth year— makes his condition all the
tnore serious. '"i/'*
The attending physicians were asked
£rectly to-night what the chances are
Jr Bard'e recovery. Their reply was:
"Mr. Bard's condition is serious, very
• erlous. It cannot now be stated what
the result will be, but we hope for Ihe
best. Months will elapse before he is
able to leave his bed and he may never
leave it again. There is no immediate
danger, however, and we anticipate no
unfavorable change in his condition to
right."
The members of the family who are
a way from home have been summoned by
v.'re.
STATE IS ENRICHED
BY COURT DECISION
Oregon Judge Decides Will
Should Be Probated in
Webfoot Country.
FORTLAND, Dec. 23.— The will of Mrs.
.Amanda V»\ Reed was declared valid In
tbe State Circuit Court to-day. It was
!»H<l that Portland was her legal domi
•iie at tbe time of her death and that
ft.c testament should accordingly be pro
bated under the laws of Oregon, 'ihis
will mean about 11,000,000 for the erdow
nent of an educational Institution in this
State. Mrs. Reed died in Pasadena, Cal.
The contesting heirs said tha instrument
•hould be probated under the laws of
'"alifornia.
Train KIIU a Veteran.
: TOUNTVILLE. Dec. 3. — John Con
ror. at inmate of tho Veteran*' Home.
%-as run over and instantly killed by
a nortlibound freight Ira in to-day. Con
nor, who drew his pension of $25 last
Tuesday, went on a debauch. At the
time death overtook him he wa« lyinj?
on tho track in a drunken stupor. He
was born in Massachusetts 58 years
a^o. Iff- had Leon a member of the
Veterans! Home since 1&95.
csncci liiuffff. sctricisE vu un it. im vii fm'ioncioe.
Tbe ORIOINAL r«M4jr tbet "UQ* the Daatfratt term."
D©NT KNOW IT WAS LOADED £«"^?^
' ff* M rthe<SS^oftt.dt^u?fe e rml»too while you have h*.r to «.«..
Orci Stem. l\S& Seiid 10c, «t«ai«. to HERFICIDE CO. Best H. Ottrolt Mlcll, f»r a uosie. >
I At Leadix* Dnuc Store* or Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Mich- upon receipt I
vt 11*00. Application* «t prominent Barber Shops. I
EX-UXITED STATES SENATOR
WHO WAS BADI.Y INJURED IN
A RUNAWAY YESTERDAY.
MARKET'S RISE
DISASTROUS TO
LAWSON'S POOL
Bostonian and His Fol
lowers Are Heavy
Losers;
BDeclal Dispatch to The Call
NETV YORK, Dec. 23.— Thomas W.
Lawson and his pool followers were sad
der but wiser men after the stock ex
change closed to-day. Their losses
reached a high figure and the accessions
to the pool lptst week were materially re
duced by the unusual buoyancy which
copper securities exhibited at the open
ing o* the day's session.
Anaconda reached a record price of 216,
a net gain for the day of 23? i points and
nearly 100 a share higher than it sold
Monday, while the bears were taking a
whirl at the market. Anaconda once sold
as low as 31 V£, when a dividend of $3 25
was being: paid on cach^ share. This was
in 1859. About a year ago Anaconda was
tipped to go to 200. but the followers of
Lawson were skeptical and • began to
"copper" the production, as at that time
tho stock was gelling around par. As the
bu!l party tightened its grip around the
pockets of the bears the latter continued
to sell in 'order to obtain an average,
but there were several reactions.
There was a pronounced gain yesterday,
the closing figures being 192%. The lowest
figure touched to-day was 193^.
From that point the gains were made
In eeven-league boots and not until th«
price had touched 216 was there any pro
nounced reaction.
Amalgamated Copper stock also enjoyed
a slice of the bull boom, the price again
going to par and the closing figures be
ing 7U points higher than yesterday's
final figures.
Fidelity is the best evidence of faith.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,, DECEMBER 21, 1905.
SHARP SHOCKS
SCARE CROWDS
Three Earthquakes .Frighten
Christmas Buyers in Bak
ersfield and Do Damage
CHDINETS TOPPLE OVER
Buildings Are Cracked by
Temblors and Goods in
Many Stores Are Destroyed
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 23.— Three of
the most severe earthquake shocks
ever experienced in this city occurred
at 2:23 o'clock this afternoon. Build
ings were shaken perceptibly, walls
were cracked and hundreds of dwell
ing-houses were damaged. The vibra
tions were from north to south.
The County Courthouse was dam
aged to the extent of several hundred
dollars by falling plaster and several
large cracks wero made in the walls.
Three chimneys at the County Jail were
thrown down.
In the drug stores great damage was
done. Morrow & Kimball's loss' of
drugs and filled bottles is estimated at
several hundTed dollars. The South
ern Hotel and many of the largest
business blocks in the city were dam
aged. >. '. " ; ;-\t ' • \u25a0
At the time of the earthquake shocks
the downtown stores were crowded with
Christmas shoppers and hundreds of
people rushed into the streets. The
longest shock lasted something over
two seconds.
MANIAC IS ARRESTED
I FOR DESTROYING HO3IE
Admits That He Placed
Dynamite Under ' House of
Sonoma Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 23.— Deputy Sheriff
Ben H. Barnes landed a dangerous maniac
in tho jail at Healdsburg late last night
in the person of Frederick Sedan, : who
had blown up the home of John Corweil,
on Mill Creek, the night previous. Sedan
after blowing up the Corweil house went
to the home of John Honor and ordered
the 'family out of the house, telling them
tha.t he intended blowing It. up with dy
namite. Word was Bent to the \u25a0 officers
after Ihe man had been .pacified and per
suaded to leave the place. Officer Barn<*a
followed Sedan to the headwaters of Aus
tin Creek before taking him into custody.
Sedan, who admitted dynamiting the
Corweil home, declared that all the peo
ple are his enemies and that he must de
stroy their homes.
FOUR FINE HORSES, THREE COWS .
AND A CALF DIE IN FLAMES
Incendiary Applies Match to Barn os
Farm, Twelve Miles From Red
Dlna.
RED BLUFF, Dec. 23. — Last night an
Incendiary applied a match to- Gus
Cousin's barn, on Thomas Creek,
twelve miles : west , of here. Over 100
tons of hay were burned and. four fine
horses, three cows and a calf died in
the flames. . v.- -
Files Counter Complaint.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 23.— John J. Alves,
superintendent of the AT, B. HilF ranch,
near Forestville. who was held to ap-..
pear for trial on January 9 1 before the
Superior Court on a charge -of assault
with a deadly weapon,. yesterday swore
to a complaint. charging. the. complain-"
lnsr witness in the case, Albert ' Travis,
with assault with intent to do". great
'bodily harm. The men had a fight last
October. .' - • • \u25a0-
NIGHT WATCHMAN
FIGHTS BURCLAR
Grass Valley Officer Meets
Thief in Bank and a Des
perate Struggle Follows
EOBBER MAKES ESCAPE
Thug Wearing tie Garb of
Chinese Worsts Patrolman
in Early Morning Tussle
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Pec. 23.— As John
Rafter, night watchman, in the regular
course of his rounds, walked into the
Citizens' Bank on Broad street, shortly
after 4 o'clock this morning, and passed
into the back court, between the assay
house and the bank proper, he was
startled by a noise. He turned to in
vestigate and ran into the arms of a
robber. In one hand Rafter held a pis
tol and in the other a dark lantern.
The robber tried to throw Rafter, but
failed, and the two struggled for several
minutes. Rafter placed his revolver at
the fellow's stomach and pulled the
trigger, but the weapon would not
work. Swinging his arm clear, the
thief came down with all his strength
on Rafter's head with a revolver and
knocked him senseless. In the short
time that Rafter was stunned the rob
ber escaped. He left behind him his
bag of tools and a "jimmy."
The, watchman says that the thief
was a Chinese, or at least wore Chinese
clothing. He came to his senses soon
after the fellow escaped and gave
chase, but could find no trace of the
would-be burglar.
Several times during the last year
robberies have occurred in the assay
offices of this city, but the thief has
never been found. There was no loss
in connection with this morning's at
tempt.
EMPLOYES DECEIVE
GOLD -FOR CHIiISTMAS
Every Miner at the North
Star Is Presented
. Witli $10.
GRASS VALLEY. Dec. 23.— The North
Star Mining Company distributed sev
eral thousand dollars among its em
ployes this afternoon. At 3 o'clock "in
the afternoon all the miners gathered
in the large storeroom of the mine and
received $10 each. The car boys and
muckers each received $5. The heads
of departments and other officials each
were given a larger sum. After tho dis
tribution of the shi-.ilng gold pieces,
fresh from the mint, refreshments wero
served and the officials and management
were complimented by the employes.
The miners surprised Superintendent A.
D. Foote with a handsome solid silver
teapot, suitably inscribed, testifying that
it was presented by the employes as a
token of their esteem. Assistant Super
intendent A. J3,;',Foote waa presentsd
with a solid silver shaving mug, brush
and soap receptacle. Underground Su
perintendent Robert Walker received a
solid silver butter dish. The good feel
ing between the. miners and the men
was . touched upon by the officials in
their speeches.
HILL AND HARRIMAN
FIGHT FOR" ROADWAY
Right to. Use Washington
Land Is Subject of a
. Legal Complaint.
PORTLAND, Dec. 23. — Report reached
here to-day that the Columbia Valley
Railroad, sad to be a subsidiary com
pany of the Harriman system, has com
menced suit in Skamania C° unt y<
Washington, to restrain J. 'J. Hill's
Portland and Seattle Railroad Company,
from crossing a point on the north
bank of the Columbia River, known as
"Cape Horn." The Columbia Valley
Company contends that "the other .com
pany is infringing on its right of way.
The Columbia River at the point named
has cut its way through n range of
hills, the bank towering perpendicularly
to a height of about 2500 feet. Practi
cally the only means of passing the ob
struction is to tunnel It, but both com-*
panles hold the .rights of way and can
neither utilize their own right of way
without crossing the property of the
other company.
SANTA CRUZ CITY OFFICIALS
TKAIt UI» RAILROAD TRACKS
$laj*or Enforces Order Denying; South
ern Pacific Itlght -to Cross
I'nlm Avenue.
. SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 23.— Mayor Clark
to-day enforced the order of the City
Council denying \u25a0 the Southern Pacific
Railroad the right to lay tracks for its
new coast line across Palm avenue, in
this city. The Mayor, Street Commis
sioner Greenfield, Chief \u25a0of Police Clark
and two officers and a force of men tore
up the rails and removed the ties from
the crossing:. This was quickly done
without any protest from the railroad
men and the grade which had been
raised two feet at the crossing was cut
down to conform to the original grade
of the street.
FOUR GENERATIONS PRESENT
AT A BIRTHDAY DINNER
CaiiitnliNt John A. McNear of Petnlurau
Seventy-Second An
niversary of His Birth.
PETALUMA, Dec. 23.— Capitalist John
A. McNear to-day celebrated hia'seven
ty-second birthday anniversary by a
family reunion and dinner. Four gen
erations were present. : The McNear
mansion was decorated with flowers for
the occasion. No person present- was
lighter hearted or more jovial than the
venerable father. Mr. McNear was
born in 'Wiscassit. Lincoln County,
Maine, on December 23. 1 833. He has
lived in California for fifty years. By
his energy and capacity for business he
has amassed an enormous fortune. :
Vlmll ins \u25a0 Journalist* \u25a0 Dined.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. i-3.— The , visit
ing' party of Eastern newspaper men,
who .have been f partaking of the hos
pitality of Southern California for sev
eral days past, were given a bullshead
breakfast at ; Casa Verdugo to-day, and
later were taken in a special trolley
car, to Venice. To-night they are at
the Belasco -Theater, and later. will be
entertained at the California Club.
They leave, on their return trip to
morrow. '.
farm $40 for Killing: a Deer.
SANTA ROSA; Dec. 23.— A Deputy
Game Commissioner :, to-day ." arrested
and brought to this city C. Castelllnl of
Guerneville and chargedhim, with hav
ing, shot a deer out of season./ Castel
llnl. pleaded gu ilty, .claiming V he ' was
ignorant of thelaw. He was fined $40
by/ Justice A. J. Atchisonj which he
paid.- 1
It is not necessary to go ,to college to acquire a liberal education. Whether you go to college ot
not, an education depends upon your own efforts — upon your ability to learn facts and apply
them. Home study is the secret of success,' and the long winter evenings— with the thirty-one
volumes of the New Werner Twentieth Century Encyclopedia Britannica at hand — furnishes the
ideal opportunity for home study.
A few years ago an edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica was to be found only in the homes
of the wealthy, for this king, of reference works sold at a price so high that only the rich could
own it; but American enterprise has now placed an American corrected and re\'ised edition
within the reach of those of the most moderate means.
m m» H ' lla i> nmm A College Course at* Home
. This magnificent reference library — in 31 big volumes— covers
Hp^S^ll^^i^g^^roS ( every subject of human interest. Every article is written in a
flu WfffffMj^^^^^^j style so simple that it is interesting as well as instructive. It
\|v^s|v^^^^^gM^t=l contains seventy-three courses of reading and study, clearly ;
W^^J^^i^ikllUMj^l outlined, giving to the home student the advantage of a univer-
|i|^ml;|^:^^^pE|^t^==4> sity with seventy-three branches — with the highest authorities
is^EiW^ii^^lG(n^^A m tne wor^ as PP r °f essors - It will tell you all you want to
know about Astronomy, History, Literature, Ancient and Mod-
§(Sr^L^[^*^^ilifl__l^ crn aw ' Mathematics, Botany, Chemistry, Philosophy and
(||#*MsP^i^fe^tf^ft=^ * ts 2 5'°°° P a S cs > embellished with 12,000 maps and illustra-
BfSfw/^tfir SMftl tions, contain more reading matter than 500 books the size of the
i»iipl|ppli§U """"^ novel
A New Edition of the
World's Best Encyclopedia
At, a Great, Reduction in Price
E^H%^liiOnff^l s new American edition is printed from new electrotype
l^^^&^^^^^^^^^^ plates ma(le from type set by hand in the United States, which
W^MW^W^vf4^^^-^X allowed American publishers to correct the errors that marred
}fh^^^>^^r >^fi^w^^^l the original foreign edition. We have secured control of a lirh-
f ((||||/^^(^zJ|||H^^A ited number of sets, and on account of our extensive advertising
m^^i^n''f^ t u^uW^^ l \ facilities we are enabled to dispose of these sets at about half
P^u^p^^ia^lMiip^^^' tne re &ul ar price — payable in easy installments, amounting to
Wvinn^W-ft^ iTliifu& I about ten cents a day. Act at once, for when the sets we have
s l secured are disposed of the price will be advanced. \
W^tXwW^^Wi^i^^^ iTo secure a quick response to this offer we will pre- jr f
'i sent ' ABSOLUTELY FREE, an oak bookcase, /f J
! especially manufactured to hold a set of this work, jr f f
pSfS^3SCfep&W^ ;to every reader of The San Francisco Call who -/ £±f 1
tefefr^SM^SSM^^ ! promptly returns the coupon cut from this *& s tt-/fJSfJ?
fe^elfiWlslfeyfe^^^ i tisement and who later on orders a set. f fq*f 4>* j
BffiElittite^ • Mail This.Coapon TO-DAY Asjf k 7**
(MiUOMffMM^ This coupo^ fiHed out nd - m ? lled *? the XYf Newspaper
\W3^%W>^MMMMM^^ [ American Newspaper Association to -day,^£>^ Association
mO^SMM3MAn entitles you to our special low price. It^*^ Parrott Bld^
j| means an enormous saving in the pur- f &f - Market s **» !
(iWfe^fefefe^S^^^ Chase Of this gieat WOrk. It Will fOjF Please SSmefree
iffl^frttt&fafxi'VA- lih'j^ftrflt*! l>\ \ rmr vnn in Itn*» tn Qprnr^ n <;#»t nf f£*& °' charge sample
m^^mWBMW^MMMm J) P ut YOU in nne lO secure a sei OI i^A/ pages and full panicu-
Y^^m^Mm^lMM^li^^^i this famous encyclopedia at fifty jySJf lars of your New wer-
\«fe=3;|p2sw^^^^ij!Sr^/riSr; V * .. iS-sitiV . " Jv^\& ncr Encyclopedia Brltan-
iliU if#^l^^f^^i^^^^_uj P er cent discount. It puts yOU nlca offer. *
under no obli s ation to bby»u y» fyf
TACOMA STEVEDORES
- MAKE NEW RECORD
Twelve Men Handle 503,000
Feet of Lumber in
TACOMA, Dec. 23. — A world's record
for loading lumber was established yes
terday at Port Gamble by stevedores
loading the the British steamship Hen
ley. In eleven' hours 503,000 feet of
lumber were stowed away through four
hatches, twelve men being engaged at
each hatch. The nearest approach to the
record .was made at Port Blakeley on
the same vessel early in the week, when
430,000 feet were stowed away in the
same length of time. At Port Ludlow
some years ago 450,000 feet were dis
posed of in one day. The rush of work
on the Henley was occasioned by a de
sire to get the vessel ready for sea be
fore the holidays.
FOUR YEARS IS SENTENCE
OF*., A. RED BLUFF FORGER
Carriage Suleiman AVho lined Money
I'Kid for n Riff I« Heavily
I'iini.ilicd.
RED BLUFF. Dec. 23.— Charles O.
Fletcher was • to-day sentenced by
Judge Ellison to serve four years in
Snn Quentin prison for the crime of
forgery, of which charge he was con
victed last week. Fletcher sold a car
riage to Supervisor Perry E. Lee of
this county and used the money- in
gambling. Ho forged Lee's name to a
note, for SICO. which he sent to the
Spauldinsr Manufacturing 1 Company of
Grinnell, lowa, for which he was work
ing. The crime was committed early
in 1901. ; , - :: ?-> \
MAY LOSE HIS LIFE BECAUSE
.HE TRIED TO SAVE CAR FARE
Reftidcnt . of . Montnxue Kalln From n
Trnin on Which He Wai
Henttns HI» Way.
RED BLUFF,; Dec. 23. — A man named
Thomas Cook, a resident of Montague,
was perhaps fatally injured late last
night at Dibble Creek bridge, about
two miles north of this city. Cook,
who. was -beating:, his way on a freight
train, which had stopped on the bridge,
attempted to, get off in the darkness,
and fell a distance of twenty feet,
breaking his shoulder and sustaining
internal- injuries. He was brought to
the County Hospital.
Suffer From Beri B»rl.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 23.— The
steamship Miowera, from Australia,
brings news of the arrival of the Am
erican five-masted schooner Kineo at
Brisbane with Captain Patten, his
wife and the crew suffering from beri
beri. The; captain's eight-year-old
daughter was the only one to escape.
Two Japanese Are Killed.
OROVILLE, Dec. 23.— 1n a powder
explosion on. the Western Pacific Rail
road at : Big Bend," twenty miles above
Oroville,' this: afternoon' severar'Japan
ese were severely injured and two were
killed.-'"' .'
PICKS OUT A SITE
FOR THE BREAKWATER
Engineer Expects to Com
plete Survey of Monterey
Bay by Next Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, Dec 23.— Tbe survey for
the breakwater for Monterey Bay Is pro
gressing rapidly. Engineer Hughes ex
pects to complete the work by the end of
next week. According to the survey be
ing made the breakwater will be located
opposite J. A. Murray's home i}\ New
Monterey, where the bay is the shallow
est. This will give Monterey a good-siawd
harbor. Engineer Hughes* who investi
gated the quality and quantity- of rocS
in this vicinity, finds there is material in
the vicinity of Point Lobos.
To Every Reader
of the
CALL
MERRY CHRISTMAS
E|
is the wish of |]
\ 1
Sherman, Clay & Co.
| Steinway Piano Dealers fj
P Located for thirty-five years at Kcarny [j
y and Sutter Streets, San Francisco. Oak- y
y land Store, Broadway and Thirteenth m
WILL EKECT A DAM
TO COST LAEGE SUM
Improvement Company Is to
Spend $300,000 on Xew
Water System.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Dec. 23.— The Paciflc
Improvement Company is to expend 1300,
000 In the construction of an Impounding
dam in the Carmel Valley for the purpose
of saving the flood waters of the Carmel
River. Work Is to commence at once and
a larjre force of men will t>e employed to
rush It to completion. A twenty-two-!ncn
pipe will be laid from the dam to convey
the water to the other reservoirs of Jhe
Pacific Improvement Company lor distri
bution in Monterey, Pacific Grove an 4
other places.
3334
COLOR OF HUMAN VOICE
REVEALS THE CHARACTER
SCIENTIST ASTONISHES LONDON
Strange Discovery
Is Made by a
Woman.
Researches Prove
Correctness of
Theory.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
LiONDON, Dec. «3. — Reading charac
ter by the color of the voice is tho lat
est musical Bonsation of London. Mrs.
Northesk Wilson has seen the color of
the voices of various English notables
and recently lectured on them to a
fashionable May fair audience. She
says Beerbohm Tree's voice was a deep
red all the time he played the part of
Svengali, though his natural voice has
a. much pleasanter hue. G. P. Huntly,
the English comedian of "Three Little
Maids" fame, has a "charming green
voice," and various other stars have
different colored voices ranging from
pale pink to ultra violet. •.\u25a0••-%
Mrs. Wilson, who has a recognized
standing . In amateur scientific circles
here, intends visiting the United States
before long to study the voices of
American raen and women of note, and
is especially anxious to get President
Roosevelt to sing a few notes for her.
6h« says she could size him up and read
his innermost thoughts the minute he
opened his mouth.
COLORS SUOW CHARACTER.
Ther« are some very remarkable
features connected with character
reading by means of the color of the
voice. For instance, if your voice
turns out to be a pale gray it is a sign
that you have highly intellectual parts;
whereas, if it. should prove to be a spe
cie* of gaslight green it shows that
you have "religious feeling, tinged with
fear." \ Light green voices demonstrate
their possessors to be extremely adapt
able; brown voices show selfishness,
while a light purple bespeaks "devotion
mixed with affection.**
Mrs. Wilson, in her voice analysis,
deals a blow to yellow journalism, for
she maintains that yellow-voiced edi
tors have a 'low type of intellect.' All
philanthropists have the lightest kind
of pink voices.
Sir Oliver Lodge and other scientists
have corresponded with Mrs. Wilson
over her discoveries and seem to think
her theory lias something In it. It is
confirmed, more or less, by researches
recently conducted In Paris. It has
long been known that music has the
power oi forming geometrical and
other figures.
llrs. Wilson, working along the lines
of other scientists, has discovered that
voices not only have colors, but that
tbcfie colors betray character. She has
made elaborate studies of many types
of people, even visiting lunatic asjl'ums I
*.nd other institutions, where her re
\u25a0turches demonstrated the fact that
the same colors always attached to per
sons of similar disposition.
REFORM CDAXGES HUES.
A slnsulax phenomenon In connection
with voice character by colors is the
fact that one may reform his voice. If
a. person finds out that he has an im
moral voice* say a blackish-brown, de
noting malice and sensuality, he can
decide to rectify hia disposition. After
a. while, if he perseveres in the straight
and narrow path, his voice will change,
as his disposition also. After six or
eight months' hard striving toward
food he may be endowed with a pale,
reddish-pink voifce, which, according to
Mrs. Wilson, denotes high, unselfish af
fection, and then later on may even attain
to the philanthropic hue of pale pink, de
noting love for humanity.
Thus, it will be seen, the possibilities
of the new discovery are enormous. A
drunkard with a dark brown' voice may
t*Jce the pledge. If he keeps It he
will be rewarded by the deep blue hue
•i pmre religion. A Jealous person,
.with a rolce that looks like a patch
of burnt sienna, streaked with tongues
«X fire and struck by lightning, may de
relop a pale gray voice, signifying "de-
ToUon to a noble ideal."
"When Mra. Wilson first began to see
th«oe colors proceeding from the voices
of her frienfls she sensibly thought
there was something: the matter with
her" eyes and decided, to consult a spe
cialist.
Mark Twain says, "When you see a
most count a hundred, and if it won't
»o away take a pIIL" Mrs. Wilson
thought her physical health was at
fault The specialist whom she con
sulted pronounced her perfectly well
and said there was nothing whatever
the matter with her eyes. • It was then
that she began to study ,the matter
and to ascertain If there might not be
some scientific explanation of it. To-
Srether with Miss Watts-Hughes, Mrs.
"Wilson conducted a number of experi
ments along the line of making voice
figures.
UEOXIRES SIXTH SEXSK.
Other scientists had long admitted
the power of sounds to make impres
sions on external objects, witness the I
phonograph and other instruments, and '
Mrs. Wilson succeeded in demonstrat
ing; by means of a machine called the
eldophone that every note of music had
its visible form. Certain highly pitched I
notes made figures exactly like trees, I
while others formed flowers and vege- {
tables. It was found that certain notes
had the power to make the most gro
tesque forms — resembling huge snails
and other things. Vegetable growths, I
f*-rns, flowers, trees, shaped them- ;
selves as the result of musical vlbra- |
tlon. It remained then to be seen if 1
these notes could not produce color as \
well as form. :
It isn't every one, unfortunately, who j
can Bee these wonderful . colors that .
Mrs. Wilson mentions. You have to be
gifted with ii marvelous sixth sense,
which enables you to concentrate on
musical notes and see their color. Mrs.
Wilson thinks that the power to see
color is an outgrowth of a peculiar
force inherent in the solar plexus and
known as the kundalini force.
It is by means of this power that
actors, artists and musicians hold their
sway over the public. Mrs. Wilson not
only maintains that every .voice has it
color, but that each individual carries
around with t him a luminous aura, or
halo, which shows, what sort of char
acter he has.
PRECEDEXT VS BIBLE.
"Not only has every voice and sound',
its form and color," said Mrs. Wilson,
when seen at her home In London, "but
every person possesses the kundalini
force, and only, needs to develop it to
make himself famous. It is this fore©
that inspires all art.
"People need not laugh st this power,
for it is one that has beeu recognized
from tbe very earliest times. Tho Indian
WELL- KNOWN ENGLISH SCIENTIST, V.'HO HAS CREATED A DECIDED SENSA
TION IN LONDON HY HEX DISCOVERY THAT THE CHARACTER OF PEO
PLE 13 TOLD BY THE COLOR OF THKIR VOICES.
mystics have long known of it. and called
It kundalini. I have lived in India many
years. The New Testament speaks of the
light that shone around St. Paul, and,
from the earliest Christian times, the
saints have been depicted with halos. In
modern times various scientists have rec
ogDlzed these rays. The well-known Ba
ron Reichenbach of Vienna made numer
ous experiments, and Bpeaks of fine rays
issuing: from every known substance, hu
man beinffs included.
"Through an attack of illness I was
enabled to see rays emanating from my
hands and fingers. By cultivating this
sixth sense— this power of observing the
rays coming from the human body— l was
before many years able to build up a
theory of these colors which I have now
reason to believe almost a. certainty.
MEANING OF TIIK COLORS.
"Through repeaied observations I have
found that the various colors, either com
ing from the voice when people sing or
from their bodies in the form of aura,
have the following meanings:
"Starting with red, if the color is dark,
it means that the nature is passionate,
irritable, unquiet, addicted to vice: one
of a low plane of living. Medium red,
li£ht red and rose red are all improve
ments of the disposition. Light pink
means 2n?at sympathy. All philanthro
pists have very light pink rays. An or
ange ray shows that one is grasping and
ready to get on at the expense of others.
"Of green tints there are a large variety
of rays. Green is a bad color: it means
physical or mental disturbance. These
hues come from lunatics, persons very
ill, and often hypocrites. This mostly ap
plies to dark srreen. Light green implies
versatility, action, growth and progress.'
"Light blue shows religion and spiritu
ality; a quiet and studious nature; while
the deep blue usually belongs to the
scholar. Thinkers, writers and medical
men have deep blue rays coming from
them. Working class people are nearly
all of Hxht brown radiation, denoting an
honest and respectable character; where
as dark brown is a bad color, showing
depravity. The darker the brown, the
\u25a0worse the disposition. ' Light gray shows
fear and depression, while dark gray
exhibits actual melancholia. Out of seven
cases of lunatics examined psvehometri
cally two threw off muddy gray rays, and
five muddy dark green. Purple means
great intellect and intuition.
"And thus each ray shows its charac
ter. Strange to say. the fays change with
the character. I have known some per
sons with dark red rays— meaning bad
traits— to reform; when, at once, their col
ors will change to light pink or blue."
TRAASCOXTIXEVTAL ROADS
TO ENGAGE IN SPEED WAR
Santa Fe and Union Pnclflc Fall to
Settle Difference* Over Mull
Contracts.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23. — Efforts to settle
amicably the differences between the
Santa Fe and the Union Pacific rail
roads over the transcontinental mail
contracts have been abandoned and a
speed war is Imminent The Santa Fe
has refused to change its fast schedule
and the Union Pacific, in connection
with the Burlington and the new San
Pedro route, has been compelled to
take steps to meet the time of the
Santa Fe.
To prevent the Santa Fe lsecuring
permanently the mails which the Gov
ernment has already turned over to tho
new. route, the Union Pacific, In con
nection with the Burlington, will have
to cut down the time between Chicago
and Los Angeles from twelve to four
teen hours.
JOHV C. McC ALL RETURNS
WITH HA3ULTOX'S STATEMENT
Urines From Paris the Lobbyist's
Accounting of Insurance
Moneys.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— John C. Mc-
Call, secretary of the New York Life
Insurance Company and son of Presi
dent John A. McCall, returned from
Europe .to-day. McCall went to Paris
to see Andrew Hamilton, to whom the
New York Life Insurance Company ad
vanced • hundreds of thousands of dol
lars. McCall's mission was either to
induce Hamilton to return to the
United States and testify before the
legislative insurance investigating com
mittee -or to secure" an accounting of
the money, advanced. This accounting
le to be given to the committee. Ham
ilton sent a statement by. McCall.
\u25a0 \u25a0 - ... \u25a0 .\u25a0 \u25a0• - \u25a0 . \u25a0 . ... \u25a0; ...
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY,: DECEMBER J^t; 1905.
NEARLY KILLED
BY A ROBBER
Former New York Legislator
Is Badly Beaten on Head
tiy Thug That He Cornered
IIEFUSES TO PROSECUTE
Victim Identifies Assailant
as Son of a Friend and De
clines to Make a Charge
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— John H. Bon
nington, former Assemblyman and
Democratic leader in the borough of
Kings, was assaulted in his office early
to-day , by William Seims. son of a
banker and wealthy real estate dealer.
Bonnington* is in the hospital with se
vere scalp wounds, but will recover.
Seims is under airest and, according to
the police, has confessed that he was
bent on robbery. Seims Is 20 years old.
Bonnington had worked at his desk
all night, and early this morning he
heard a noise on the roof. Upon inves
tigation he found the skylight of the
adjoining building broken and a man
lowering himself into the building.
Bonnington commanded the culprit to
come out. Climbing up 011 the rope,
hand over hand, the man reached the
roof and started for Bonnington, who
retreated to his office, wheru the man
grabbed, a stick and beat Bonnington
until he was unconscious.- Policemen
who heard the victim's cries rushed to
his rescue and saw Seims disappear in
the office of his father, in' the same
building. He was finally taken after a
struggle.
When confronted with Seims, Bon
nington said Seims was Ill's bost friend's
son, but refused to identify him as his
assailant. John H. Bonnington is well
known throughout the State in high
Masonic circles, being at present the
giand recorder of the Grand Command
ery and past grand commander of the
Knights Templar of the State.
MRS. RUTHERFORD HELD _
AS A MURDER WITNESS
Mexican Authorities Doubt Story That
Americans . Were Killed by
\u25a0\u25a0/ . ' ... Outlnrrs. .
f EL PASO, Tex., Dec. 23. — It was
learned to-day that the Mexican au
thorities at Santa Rosalia have detained
persons connected in any way with
the murders of Rutherford and Mur
ray, who were killed last week near
Diaz, . Mexico.
Mrs. Sophie Rutherford, wife of the
dead Phlladelphlan, is among the num
ber and it is understood that the au
thorities are endeavoring to learn from
her something of the feeling that exist
ed between her husband and O. E.
Finstad, who was arrested yesterday.
Louis G. Goughener, who was wound
ed in the attack at Flnstad's home, is
understood to be under surveillance in
the hospital.
Half moon Bay. Excursion.
The Potter-Stoir C 0.'.. :205 Montgomery st.,
successors to W. D.. Potter Co., will give their
next excursion to their; LJpton-by-the-Sea and
Mlramontes No. 2 Tract. Halfmoon Bay, the
first • Sunday aroer New Year.' January 7. •
Engineer and Fireman Killed.
GUNNISON, Colo, Dec. 23. — Engineer
Oscar: Nelson of Cimarron and Fireman
Joseph I Luce of Delta were crushed to
death under the locomotive of an east
bound .freight on -, the Denver- and Rio
Grande; Railroad to-day at Cebolla,
thirty-five mll«s southwest of Gunni-
Bon. V A wheel ' on ] the -locomotive broke,
causing it 1 to leave the rails and topple
over; with the men; underneath.
Try. the. United States Laundry. 1004
Market street. Telephone South. 420. •
STOCK MARKET
CLOSES STRONG
Moderate Degree of Activity
Is Shown During the Week
by the Leading Securities
COPPER SHARES LIVELY
Banking Insolvencies at Chi
cago Start Panic Among
the Smaller Speculators
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— Operations in
the stock market were naturally cir
cumscribed by, the approaching' holi
days : and the suspension of business
on the leading; European exchanges.
There ,was, howover. a moderate de
gree of activityv^wlth , considerable
strength in a number of the better
known issues.
The bank statement aroused but lit
tle interest, but profit-taking gavo
the liat a temporary setback, from
which it only partially recovered. The
feature of the late trading was Ana
conda copper, which, on rumors of an
other •'rich lind" in the company's
mines, advanced to 216 and closed at
214, a net gain of 22 points. Anaconda
is a "quarter," or $^5 stock, however,
so its gain in points represents only
one-quarter that amount in dollars.
Total sales of bonds, par value,
$2,255,000.
The vitality of the speculation has
been demonstrated in the gains of the
week against obstacles that have been
sufficient to prove disastrous in times
ef past speculative movements. Bank
ing insolvencies in Chicago involving
liabilities of some $26,000,000 confront
ed the stock market upon its resump
tion of business last Monday. The sur
prise of this news was complete, as no
premonition had been heard of the
trouble. The very fact of the secret
having been so well kept, although
known to v circle of counselors, con
veyed an • unpleasant Impression. The
shock to sentiment caused by the Chi
cago news, therefore, was violent. It
came also upon "a somewhat overex
tended speculative situation, . which
had already had some effect at the end
of • the preceding week. Nobody was
surprised, therefore, to see a minia
ture panic in some stocks during a half
hour after the market opened on Mon
day. The effect had been exhausted
practically by that time. and. Monday's
clpsing prices showed few substantial
losses from those of Saturday. The
small harm clone to the stock market
by the Chicago failures is partly ex
plaineaXof course, by tht> prompt and
effective measures taken- by the Chi
cago Clearing-house banks^ to insure
depositors of the affected institutions
against loss».
There were heavy, in fact, very
heavy, shipments of currency to Chi
cago from this point.. Up to the mid
dle of the week, also?*it was an open
question whether the resources of the
foreign exchange market would meet
the demand for remittances abroad to
meet the ; repayments to foreign
holders of • our securities. With:*>tß^
foreign markets unsettled in addition
by the Russian situation, it was. feared
that gold might go out from New
York. This probability was ignored,
like all others that seemed . to, argue
against .the speculation. The great
center of speculation has been
Union Pacific. The dimensions of the
movement in that stock, the volume of
dealings and the persistence of the ad
vance point to extraordinary develop
ments regarding the property.
The bond market for the week was
quite' active and nuived in accord with
stocks. ,
United States new' 4s registered de
clined M> and the coupon !i per cent
on call on the week.
Regensburg's American Cigar, imitated
by others, equaled by none. 2 for 25c. •
COMBAT THE CLAIM
OF MRS. LEAFGREEN
Witnesses Say Her N Former
Husband Was Not La
ciede J. Howaigl.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 23. — Arch Glover, a
stockraiser of Richmond, Mo., testified
in the Probate Court to-day in the case
•of Mrs. Mary A. Leaf green against the
estate of Laclede J. Howard, that he
had known Charles Howard. Mayor of
Tumwater, Wash., from childhood; that
he had played with him and_lhat he
was the man who married Mrs. Leaf
green at Palmer. 111., instead of La
clede J. Howard.
The attorneys for the defense say
they have six other witnesses who will
testify that the Mayor of Tumwater is
the . man Mrs. Leafgreen married.
Five witnesses have already declared
that the picture of Laclede J. Howard
is not that of the man who married
Mrs. Leafgreen and they have been
equally positive . that the Mayor of
Tumwater was the Charles Howard
they knew In Palmer, 111.
The first witness to-day . was Mrs.
Eliza Estell, formerly housekeeper for
Laclede, J. Howard. She said that at
the time Mrs. Leafgreen claimed to
have met Howard the family was in
Florida. She was positive that How
ard went away in February and that
he did not return until the latter part
of March. :'v?;;V^
DREAMLAND.
The 2Vevr Amusement Venture.
The list of directors of the Dream
land Construction Company which has
undertaken the construction and ope
ration of a twelve-acre "Dreamland" in
San Francisco has just been given to'
the public, showing that the venture is
backed by conservative and prominent
business men who have been successful
in the various enterprises with which
they are connected. -.
The list comprises D. J. Grauman, M.
Simonoff, William , R. Morton, Adam
Heunisch and Varney W. Gasklll. Mr.
Grauman, the/president of. the com
pany,' will be the.\director-general of
"Dreamland." The -vice president is
Adam. Heunisch, the well-known glass
manufacturer. M. Simonoff, chairman
of the auditing board, Is a. millionaire
merchant and garment manufacturer.
William R. Morton, treasurer of the
company, is one of the proprietors -of
the Morton Special Delivery. .Varney
W. Gaskill. wholesale; merchant, is the
secretary of the company.: ,
The company^ 1 announces -that the
Union Trust Company will act as its
depository and trustee, handling all the
moneys connected with the bond issue.
"The demand' for ;.bonds. is most en
couraging," said; Mr. Grauman-yester
day. "The- most. conservative financial
men. of the State have rcome in,* an
nouncing their Intention' to * partake of
the bonds. The returns on these bonds
\u25a0will be net, as :. the company will pay
all ' taxes.; \.The - co-operation ., we; have
received - thus * far *ls very
to us.- We intend to give San Francisco
not onlythe attractions of New York's
Dreamland, but those of Luna Park and
Fairyland, thus making -the;,San»Fran
cisco 'Dreamland' an amusement ;v; v en
terprise greater than any of. its kind in
America. We are satisfied that the peo
ple of this city will :. welcome " 'Dream
land' and work with us to] make. it the
greatest amusement attraction of the
West."
EXCITING RUN
OF WILD TRAIN
With Engineer Unconscious
on the Floor of the Cab
It Rushes Through-Harlem
COLLISION ENDS FLIGHT
Coal Gas Overcomes Locomo
tive Engineer While Cars
Are Stalled in a Tunnel
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— With the throt
tle wide open and. the engineer uncon-.
sclous on the floor of the cab, a heavy
New York Central locomotive, draw
ing &ix cars laden with stone, ran wild
through Harlem early on Thursday
morning and finally came to a stand
still, wrecked, when it crashed into a
locomotive in the Mott Haven yards.
Details of the accident became gen
erally known for the first time last
night through friends of the engineer,
Klvy Deyo of Poughkeepsic, vow in
the Lebanon Hospital, dying from
burns and ' scalds. Three men who
jumped from the train .in the tunnel
were lying unconscious at the track
side when Deyo last saw them. What
happened to them is a matter of con
jecture. The accident is said to have
been due to a lack of ventilation in the
tunnel.
A work train of sixteen cars left the
New York Central station soon after
daybreak. It was drawn by a gigantic
"pingpong" engine, j. The top of its
short smokestack clears the roof of the
Park-avenue tunnel by only a few
inches.
At Fiftieth street the big engine be
came stalled on a "dead center.'- En
gineer Deyo tried to get tho piston
moving by starting the exhaust, but in
spite of his efforts he could not get the
machine to turn a wheel.
The fireman and two brakemen in
the cab with Deyo began to cough as
the hard coal gas from the locomotive
firebox came pouring down upon them,
deflected by the roof and walls of the
tunnel.
As the engineer, still working with
might and main at the throttle lever to
get his engine moving, looked at his
three companions he saw them slowly
and painfully crawl down off the lo
comotive cab into the tunnel.
They tried to run back out of reach
of the deadly coal gas, but before they
had gone a dozen steps fell unconscious
into the ditch. Deyo's train was stalled
911 the main track, a peril to traffic, and
he dared not to leave the cab for a mo
ment.
Conscious of the danger too that he
might succumb to the fumes of the coal
gas, he wet a big bunch of cotton
waste at the tank and plastered it over
his mouth and, nose. .But the waste
was little protection. Deyo was still
trying 'to get the engine off the "dead
center" when his head began to whirl.
With a last effort of consciousness he
pulled, back the throttle lever. Just
then a pushing engine came up behind
and struck the long train and the im
pact started the locomotive.- The shock'
knocked Deyo, weak and dizzy, off his
balance and he fell to the floor of the
cab unconscious. With the throttle
wide open the locomotive gathered
speed. Deyo's body rested close to the
open door of the firebox and the flames
began to scorch him as they leaped out
of the furnace. All the way through
the long Park-avenue tunnel the train
flew. The switches were right and
the drawbridge over the Harlem River
was fortunately closed.
The train dashed into the Mott Haven
yard of the New Haven road and ran
into a light engine, on the main track.
Both locomtives were wrecked, and
Deyo was removed unconscious from
the debris. t
JJAHOXESS PREFERS SIMPLE •
ATTIC TO RO.VAL PALACE
Literary American Wife of Bavarian
Xobleuinn Xnt Much Inipremaetl
by Court Life.
LONDON, Dec. 2". — At the special in
vitation of the Queen, the Baroness Yon
Hutten lately visited Sandflngham.
Her Majesty, having read "Pam," was
much interested in Its author, who has
been gathering "copy" for a new story
in which a few well-known social cele
brities are to find themselves immor
talized.
The Baroness i§ an American, while
her husband is Chamberlain to the Re
gent of Bavaria. . On various occasions
she has been invited to meet King Ed
ward, but she made the acquaintance
of her Majesty for the first time during
her re*cent visit to Norfolk. The author
of "Pam," however, makes no secret of
the fact that she is not "keen" on tho
royal set. 3he far prefers bohemians
and says she feels rather "out of it"
among royalties. She delights to talk
"shop" with novelists and journalists
and is far happier in an attic with a
crowd of what she calls "her own sort"
than in the smartest drawing-room In
Mayfair hobnobbing with duchesses.
Some one was saying the other day
the operatic stage had lost a "star"
through, her marriage with a German
Baron. She certainly has an exquisite
voice.
MKMBEIIS OF ROYAL ARCAXU3I
WIX THEIR FIGHT IN COURT
»vr York .liisHoe Decides That the
Rate of Ansesrnnrat May Not
Be Raised.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23. — Justice Gay
nor, in the Supreme Court In Brook
lyn, to-day rendered a decision in tho
case of James' L. Mock, formerly sec
retary of Berkeley Council No. 1954,
Royal Arcanum, of Brooklyn, a.nd oth
ers, against the Supreme Council of
the order, denying the right of* the
Supreme" Council, to raise the rates or
in any way change the assessments" of
a member from what they were when
the member was admitted into the or
der. Justice Gaynor said:
"The amendments complained of are
void, for the reason that they change
the contracts of the members of the
organization."
Starts for the Philippines.
HELENA, Mont, Dec. 23. — The Twen
ty-fourth United ; States Infantry, Col
onel Borden,\ which has been stationed
at" Forts Harrison, Asslnibolne and Mis
soula for about. three years^ left to-day
for San • Francisco,** whence it will sail
for ' Manila. > The Seventh Regiment,
Colonel- Corriman, arrived in* Montana
to-day from the Orient to. take the
place of the Twenty-fourthl
Gives ' Mansio n' for Education.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The Duke of
Sutherland has given his palatial seat
in the potteries, Trentham Hall, which
lsHhe Italian palace mentioned by Lord
Beaconsfleld in his novel; ; "Lo thai r," to
the Staffordshire ' County Council for
the purpose of- higher education. Diffi
culties* hade arisen in connection with
the North Staffordshire College scheme,
and ' this gift \u25a0 obviates them. " Trentham
is a magnificent ancient family seat.
Gladness does nof need the robe or
gaudiness. /
PRIZE WINNERS
TEe CALL'S
Christmas Tree Contest
Several thousand replies have
been received, coming from every
quarter^ and the character of the
work in almost every case was well
within the definition of the rules of
the contest, . viz: "Neatness and
general attractiveness." Many an-
swers showed great originality in,
treatment and are highly creditable
to : the authors. After the most
careful study of the relative merits
of each reply the manager of the
contest has selected the following
winners, whose answers in his
judgment were the best and most
nearly complied with the rules:
First Prl*e» Emily C. Sorby. 434 Walsworth Aye.. Oakland. CaL
Second PrUc: Fred Hansen, 146 Guerrero St.. San Francisco.
Third Prize- Mrs. Keeney, 907 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
Fourth Prize, Miss Alice E. Wilson. 2405 Pacific Aye.. San Francisco.
Fifth Prize- Miss Agnes L. Sorby. 222 Clay St.. San Francisco.
Sixth Prize* Miss E. Petersen. 1244 Ellis St. San Francisco.
Seventh Friw. Miss Alberta N. Burton. 403 Stockton St.. San Francisco.
Eisbtb Priiei R. Rosse, Elmhurst, Cal.
2Vlntn Prize: R- F. Nickel, 1610 Todd St.. South Berkeley. CaL
Tenth Prize: William F. Bernard. 525 Eddy St.. San Francisco.
Eleventh Prize: Miss Ruth Shaw. 2747 Fresno St.. Fresno. Cal.
Twelfth Prize: B. F. Fairchlld. 207% Polk St.. San Francisco
Thirteenth Prize: Francis L. Fitzgerald. U69A Valencia. San Francisco.
\ Names of Winners Awarded Prizes by x
Individual Firms:
Shoes: SOHOSIS SHOE PAItLOR. 210 Post St.
Airs. N. Ct Hulin, 2117 Carlton St.. Berkeley, Cal.
Knit CJooiUi CAXTXEH & MATTER* CO- 2O Post St.
.Miss IS. S. Ryder. 1614 Scott St., City.
neal Estate: THE NEWT OX REALTY CO- Z3O Jlontcomerr St.
Winners have received announcement by mail.
life Insurance: PACIFIC MUTUAL LIFE IXSIIUXCE COMPANY.
Life In *"F an 1 ce SK £ : j J EY. Manaser. Crocker Bulldinc. _„ ,
First prize RE Nickel. Port Warden. Clay-street Wharf; special
urize not announced in contest, voluntarily given to M. Lambert.
315 Tenth St., Oakland, on account of the unusual merit of hia
answer.'
first prize Bf Mrs. L. F. Levin. Clark and Castro Sts., San Leandro.
salt* and Cloak*: GOU)EX GATE CLOAK XXO SUIT HOUSE. 1330
• Emii" a c^ b*orby, 434 Walsworth Aye.. Oakland.
1 <wtri.nl Ma<oacr: KING VIBRATORIUM. «K8 Parrott Boiidlna:. City.
tle First prize?M?ss Agnes Shaw. 14 Hill St.. City; second prize. Jo--
seDhine Vandergon, Lake St. and Fourteenth Aye., City; third prize.
Mrs T J. Sheridan, 917 Connecticut St., City.
[ \u0084 ;
Kiven though not announced in contest, on account of the meritori-
ous answer sent in by Mrs. Anna Nickel. 1610 Todd St. South Berke-
Restaurant- T\IT'S CAFE. IS Powell St. . 7 .
llestaurani... ck i£i* 6io Todd gouth Berkeley . >
Cal.; second prize,
Emfly C Sorbv7'434 Walsworth Aye.. Oakland. Cal.; third prize.^B. P.
F™irchild. 207% Polk St.. San Francisco; fourth prize, Mary R.
Hutchinson. 1827 San Jose Aye.. Alameda, Cal.; fifth prize. Miss
Alice Ruddock. Ukiah, Cal.
Groceries i SMITJIS* CASH STORE. 25 Market St.
F Haven, 1402 Baker St., Kern. CaL
AVi.nli»«nl* Grocers: TILLMANN Jt DEXDEL. 327 Battery St.
Owfn* to^hTrmmber of neat and original answers received by tho
firm it was difficult for them to decide to whom to award the aix
SrSes ortslnally offered. Therefore the number of prizes has been
Fnnrwsed to ten and are awarded as follows: Miss Emily
" lorbv ' 434 Walsworth Ava. : Oakland; Mrs. A. C. Nickel.
<St South Berkeley. Cal.; Miss Agnes C. Shaw. 14 Hill St..
|?n pSncfiofairiF ?G^e'ndergast. 230 York St. Vallejo Cal.;
Vl"s E S Ryder, 1614 Scott St., San Francisco; Mrs. P. C. Wood-
house 41 Hardy St., San Francisco: Miss L. Marion Jacobs, 131» Pa-
clflc Aye Alameda^ Mrs. A. W. Coey. 1220 Golden Gate Aye.. San
Francisco- Iklr™ B. F. Falrchild. 207% Polk St. San Francisco; Miss
ME Barker. 1024 Golden Gate Aye.. San Francisco Further feel-
ing- that something is due the ladies who took the time and car© to
anw^pTnot wishing to disappoint them -entirely. Tlllmann &
'•"ss^y^sißef^J^So^sir^ 11 st -
Loan V^ociailom CONTINENTAL BUILDING ANT> LOAN AS3OCIA-
* TION. California anrt Battery Sts.
No prize was offered-
Tran«nor<atlon: SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Njd prize was offered.
dothine: BROWN BROS. & CO- 51* Market St.
No prize was offered.
Educational: HEAUV9 BUSINESS COLLEGE. 34 Port St.
No prize was offered.
r*nt»: HANSEN * ELRICK. Examiner Bolldlas.
No prize was offered. -. ; ,-. :
YERMIFORH APPENDIX
IN AN ORANG-OUTANG
Autopsy Shows Beast to Have
Organs Identical With
Those of Humans.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23. — An autopsy upon
Miss Dooley. the orang-outang, which
died yesterday at the Lincoln Park zoo,
was held to-day.
Dr. Clarence Wall, Dr. W. A. Evans,
'Dr. Byron Evans, Dr. William Thomp
son and Dr. John J. Millard, the latter
a veterinary surgeon, . performed the
autopsy and learned much of Interest
to the medical profession. "When the
post-mortem examination was over, Dr.
Wall said:
"We find that Miss Dooley died of
iliocolitis. or. In other words..indiges
tion, much the same as infants of the
human" family do. We found the heart,
lungs, stomach and other internal
• \u25a0- ly- No knife. Call or. write for my 47-page
. illustrated free book, "Rectal and Intestinal Diseases, Their Cause
Cure," with testimonials. » \u25a0
FRANK R.WESTON, M, D.
SUIT 301-502 DOXOHOE PLDG.T MARKET AND TAYLOR ST3~ 9. F.
organs to be identical with those of a
human being. One remarkable thins
is the finding of a vermiform appendix
six inches in length. The examination
of the skull showed well developed
brains in the anterior, but there were
defects in the frontal lobes and convo
lutions, impeding reasoning power."
Cadets to Be Coart-Martlaled.
ANNAPOLJS, Md.. Dec. 23.— Official
Information was given out to-day tha^y
the board of investigation at the acad- r
emy has secured sufficient evidence to
justify a court-martial for the trial of
a number of midshipmen on the charge
of hazing and It will take place at the
conclusion of the work of tha hoard.
The investigation will cover only this
scholastic year. •-: k *i}£ir£* ;.
Snow Falls la the Southwest.
EL. PASO, Tex.. Dec 23.— Snow fell
here to-day, the -storm extending to
Chihuahua. Mexico. New Mexico cat
tlemen fear stock will suffer IT tha
storm does not abate. Stock trains
which were held up by. drifts of snow
were started on their Journey late this
afternoon. . v *. -MISS CLOUGH
WEDS JOSEPH
WILBUR PHELPS
The hoae of Mrs. Wallace Wheaton
lirig^s was the scene of a pretty wedding
last Wednesday morning, when her cous
in. Miss Grace Clough, was married to
Joseph Wilbur Phelps Jr. of Jackson.
The parlors were decorated with Ameri
can Beauty roses and in the dining-room
holly and mistletoe "formed the keynote
ct the decorations. The bride was attend
ed by her s-i.-ter. Miss Hilda Ciough. and
the groom by William Ferdinand Detert
Of Jackson.
m A society event of to-day will be the
large tea given by Mrs. Florence Land
May ar,d Mrs. J. \\\ Wright at the home
of Mrs. May on Uroadway. The Christ
ma* and holiday greetings will be ex
changed among a large number of guests.
Mrs. Roy McCabe was the gi:<?st of
Sior.or at an elaborate luncheon given in
the Palm Garden of the Palace yesterday
by Mrs. Charles O. Scott, who enter
tained a dozen gue?ts.
CATur.DitAL Mtrsic to nt:
GIVEX IX ST. FUANCIS HOTEL
Choir of the Mission of the Good Sa
maritan Will Mnir Carol* on
Chrinttna* Mjht.
: The choir of the Cathedral Mission
the Good Samaritan will sing at the
Hotel St. Francis at 8 o'clock on
Christmas night from the gallery on
the meszar.ine floor. Among the selec
tions will be a number of old-fash-
Icried English Christmas carols.
On Saturday night Manager Woods
will put up a mammoth Christmas tree
In the hotel lobby, which will be bril
liantly illuminated with electric lights,
• while surmounting it will be a star,
«Ix feet In diameter, composed of hun
dreds of tiny Incandescent lights.
A Rare Onuortnnltr.
Buy your rcbe» s.n.l blanket* now. v.> are
rlvin« Z:> i>er cent off. All goods marked ia
plain figure*. J>ibr.'.d Harness Co 211 Lar
k:r. Nt . orp. City Hal!. •
MORE RIO DE JANEIRO LIBELP.—Thro*
MM «oitB.n assr^af.nir 0M.954. were filed in
the Ini'.ed btatea District Court yesterday
ÜBtest the Facjnc Msil Steamship Company by
« i!!iam IVcman, attorney :or insurance conj
panlca which have ptid insurance en losses of
vsrjjo puck •with 'he steamer City of Rio <2e Ja
r*iro on February 22. ij»ci. The libel* are by
canton Insurance Office Limited for $42 "1"
'. S. Uoyds for $sl,sts &ri i the Mannheim
JnKuracce Ponyny of ils.nr.heim for SSQ DOT.
VOGLEII DIES FROM IKJURIES— WiIIiam
\ > s!^r. the jainier v.ho fell frcm the roof of a
1 v! dirt* at Stooktca and California streets en
Friday afternoon. *s!ed at the Central Emor
cency Ifoppitai ytsterday morr.ir.s frcm his In
juries. The body was removed to the Morgue.
Kls home *-ac in Kmerj-\-ll]e.
HAVE YOU
If so, you no doubt have taker, lots ac<J lots
Off ptror.g m«licir.ee that have upset your stom-
ach end wtlch have not cured you.
It dor.'t make ar.y difference how leng you
may bave had rheunatism. the kind it is. nor
how hii it is, r.cr how many doctors have
failta to cure you. Electro-Chemistry will cura
you just as sure as you live.
You Don't Know What ilestro-' fceiaisiry Is ?
O •-»\u2666-•-»-» ---•-^\u2666-^*Q Well, it won't
* p^^^^TT™ T^^^n * Cost cv a s-^E' 6
* :?^Pi^^SSrv \u25a0'"\u25a0''?' - ; ' cest t0 fiad cut -
« i^BSC^* 1 ** V:V :i '- ''- '\u25a0' . ro: i" to our office,
c imf - -'T-vi. ; " • *- hird floor Eir.ma
•yW'-y- \S. ' : \u25a0 ''\u25a0 ;' , buildinp.
* *f&-"~ \u25a0'"'. "=. ; 't'27 Market street
' iWfc'flt' £»•' ''not "Call" build-
« s * -\u25a0?»;"-- * ir.g), and we will
* VEf *"J ... \u25a0 ."'.. ..^:};:;. » jrive you an Eiec-
* •'• w^- j jj'iT J *\. -\u25a0-•*'•*• '-'t ' tro-Chemic trtat-
i '.- jSjrfwftr -. . \iy : j*' ;.-\u25a0. >me ntn t free cf
* * I'"'1 '"' ' "'' r '-" ] r * r lV tr ' '***"
* * arid without fain
* Th:* n^an couiJ not I* >'O'J are crlpr^d
* »-a:'k. n!ectro-4.heniis- \u2666«> >"P U can't wcrk
* try r«t him on his feet \u2666 u ' e ' wi!l soon have
* ia two wetks. \u2666 you back to work,
Q .«»«»» \u2666\u2666»««• QweH and happy.
ELECTRO-CHEMIB INSTITUTE
3d floor. Emma >preckeH BaildlztSt
327 Market Strevt, S. F.
Offic* hours. » a. h. to 5 p. ra. and 7 to 8
p. ir.. daily. Sundays. 9a. m. to 12 m. Sep-
arate apartments for zr.en and women.
I
\3lai In
X^3^r Safety (
Staving
Pleasure);^ The Busy
fir^^^^^ .Man's Razor
• . Gore over * \ the face /
vrith a ye!- % \ vet touch ,'
';' and takf s orf \ \ the beard jj
p erfectly *\ clean. :
* Any man can \ \ shay c *|
with a STAR O SAFETY !
. «No fear of cutting \u25a0
yo'jrsolf. RearalOT price $2. 0n. .
I sell it for only $1.50 ,
'; I GKIXD AAD HO.YE j
B.VZOaS OF AM. KINDS.
HO.VIXCi. JSt'. ;
\u25a0 :'.:-.'.: orders promptly filled. \}
I keep open to-day and to- I
THAT MAIM PJTTSJi
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer, jj
1008 3lark*« St- Saa FrancUieo /,
t^_ .:-_ jc
j^^^^^ Successful |
fswffl&&mm Effervescent
Eind§gj©§Hfl<Q>.nn
DUtrezs cf.er taeaU, HtariV^m.
Fermentation, Wcitr-brath.
Nearly two crocrattens of satisfied osers testily
'.ous e rcattDe<iicinal value.
Simple, plan cx.t, relUble. It has beca
soldcn merit more than 60 years.
At Drcjsir.s s*:. and Jr. or by mi! from
THE 7AKJ<a:;T C 0.,44 Hudson Street. N. Y.
THE PALACE HOTEL for bed cooking.
THE PALACE HOTEL for <jtacke*t lenkt
THE PALACE hOTEL forfio«t muic
THE PALACE HOTLL for taoe'em cocforu
. THE PALACE HOTEL (or modetate rate*.
FESTIVE EVENTS
OF THE SEASON
Children of the Owl Hold
Christmas Jinks in the
Fashion of Olden Times
XOEL AND XAZAEETH
Santa Clans Visits Union
League and Eewards the
Good and True Members
Children of the owl thronged the Bo
hemian Club rooms last evening to listen
to the words of good cheer from the
sire. Willard T. Barton, and his tal
entc-d contributors. The singing of
"Noel" by Frank S. Mitchell, and "Naza
reth," by Homer Henley, each accompa
nied by an orchestra of superior worth
under Wallace "A. Sabin and a chorus of
superb voices, inspired the audience to
prolonged applause.
The Christmas dinner has been set for
the 30 th of December, at 7 p. m. The
Christmas tree festivities will follow
the dinner. The curtain will rise on the
pantomime at 11 o'clock.
The following programme was ob
served last evening:
Willard T. Barton, sire; Wallace A.
Sabin, musical director. Overture, "Fi
garo"" (Mozart); paper, the sire; song,
"Xoel" (Adam). Frank S. Mitchell; .pa
per, George R. Wells; trio, "Say Where
Is He Born" (Mendelssohn). T. Vail
Bakewell. Lowell Redfield. W. P. Niel
sen; poem, Frederick T. Teggaxt; mu
sical selection, •'Romance" (Tchaikow
sky), orchestra; paper, Henry A. Liafler;
Christmas ode (words by Peter Robert
son) (Vogt) — tenor solo (.-.vitli chorus),
Mackenzie Gordon; violin obligato, Dr.
Louis G. Schoeniger. Paper, Robert H.
Fletcher; paper, L>r. J. Dennis Arnold;
sor.g. "Nazareth" (Gounod), SSt. t Homer
Henley; poem, Charles K. Field; finale.
"Military March (Schubert), orchestra.
Supper.
In honor of the event the rooms of the
club were profusely decorated and en
chantingly illuminated.
Dinner, Christmas tree and carols in
the beautifully illuminated and hand
somely decorated rooms of the Union
League Club last nigrft composed one
of the happiest events in the annals of
the institution. Two hundred members
of the league dined at the club last
evening. After the dinner Santa Claus
recognized the good and true leaguers.
Stereopticon views, admirably dis
played, were features of the evening's
entertainment.
The nominating committee of the
clubT" Carroll Cook chairman and D.
Duncan secretary, yesterday reported
the regular ticket for club officers for
the ensuing year. The ticket is as fol
lows;
President, George If. Pippy; first,
vice president, S. J. Hendy; second vice
president, M. H. de Young; treasurer,
I. W. Heilman Jr.; secretary, Jesse B.
Fuller; directors — Dr. C. T. Deane, A.
W. Spear. E. H. Tryon. Joseph A.
Peters. Marshall Hale and Dr. O. F.
Westphal.
Among the old-timers at the league
rooms yesterday was Paris Kllburn,
formerly Surveyor of Customs and sub
sequently president of the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners.
E. I". Woodward of Santa Rosa, who
was recently appointed and confirmed
Surveyor of Customs, San Francisco,
to succeed Joseph S. Spear, was at the
Palace Hotel yesterday. He will as
sume the duties of the office early in
REV. FATHER MURPHY LOSES
CONTEST OVER PROPERTY"
Jury Decides He Unduly Influenced
Mr*. Catherine Blaolt to Deed
Valuable Realty to Iliui.
The Rev. Father John Pius Murphy,
superior of the Dominican Order of
San Francisco, has met defeat in his
effort to retain possession of two val
uable pieces of property deeded to him
by the late Mrs. Catherine Black. The
jury that has been sitting in the trial
of "the action instituted by Mrs. Mary
A. Slattery, a sister, and the children
of a deceased brother of the late Mrs.
Black, to set aside the deeds, reached
a verdict Friday in Judge Graham's
court in favor of the contestants. .
Eleven of tne jurors found against
Father Muryhy on every point, while
one decided tn his favor. As it only
takes nine jurors to reach a verdict in
a civil action. Father Murphy has no
Other remedy than to appeal for a new
trial. The jury found that when Mrs.
Black executed the deeds under which
Father Murphy nought to hold the
property she was of unsound mind and
yielded to undue influence exerted over
her by Father Murphy, who was
anxious to secure the property. The
jury further found that the deeds were
not, in fact, legally delivered by Mrs.
Black to Father Murphy, with the re
sult that no legitimate title vested In
him.
The property that now reverts to the
Tieirs of the deceased consists of two
lots, one on Clay street, near Baker,
and the other on McAllister street, near
Fillmore.
THIEVES RELIEVE VICTI3IS
OF CHRISTMAS MONEY
Activity of the Petty Criminal.* Goea
on Tbrooßhoot the City Without
Abatement.
Several reports of the work of burg
lars and sneak thieves were made to
the police yesterday. Mrs. S. Vander
bcrg, 440 Broderick street, reported
that her residence was entered on
Tuesday and a gold watch and chain
valued "at $72 stolen.
George Reid. 316 Davis street, re
ported that while he was under the
influence of liquor early yesterday
morning in a saloon near Third and
Mission streets his .gold watch, val
ued at 545, and $20 in coin were taken
from his pockets.
Daniel Sullivan. 133 Ellis street, re
ported that his room was entered on
Friday night and a suit case, contents
unknown, belonging to George H^ck
ett, which had been left in his care,
was stolen.
The Enterprise Transfer Company,
417 Folsom street, reported that a suit
case, the property of J. Nicholson of
the St. Francis Hotel, was stolen from
the hack stand opposite the ferry
building on Friday afternoon. . The
contents were unknown."
A new building: on Nineteenth street,
between Howard and Shotwell streets,
was entered on Friday by prying a
board off thecellar and a auantfty of
tools stolen.
Scixca Meat Saw as Weapon.
Jacob Kehoe and James F. O'Brien,
the latter of whom conducts a' saloon
at 2*4 Rose avenue, had a dispute yes
terday in the saloon over the problem
of how they should spend the ap
proaching holidays. Kehoe's' views
were entirely foreign to O'Brien's.
This variance brought on a" fight,
which resulted in Kehoe ' seizing a
meat saw as a weapon "of "defense,
which he was ready to use when a
police officer hove in sight and carted
him and his saw to the Seventeenth
street station, where he was charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
At Half-Past 9 O'Glock
We will commence the Greatest Slaughter Sale of Cloth and Silk Tailor Suits,'
Jackets, |^ and Long Coats, Cravenettes, Children's Coats, Walking^ and Dress-
Skirts, Waists, Furs, etc., which, has ever taken. place in this city." This is. a
'chance of a lifetime. Nothing will be reserved. Every Garment must go.
Spring Styles in course of production now. •
$98,000 STOCK WILL BE SLAUGHTERED AT
i 7
Do Nol Miss This Sale. Sec Our Windows.
WHOLESALE CLEARAWCE OF LONG COATS
TAII OR SUITS $13-25 Long Coats Reduced t0.*...... $6.95
lAllLUi\ OUIIO $16.25 Long Coats Reduced t0. ....... $7.95
$14.50 Novelty Suits Reduced to $6.95 $18.75 Long Coats Reduced t0......... $8.45
$16.75 Novelty Suits Reduced to $7.45 $21.50 Long Coats Reduced t0. ....... $9.45
$18.50 Novelty Suits Reduced to $8.45 ?24-75? 2 4-75 Long Coats Reduced to ...$11.95
$21.50 Novelty Suits Reduced t0. .... . $9.95 $3000 Long Coats Reduced t0. . . 1 $18.45
$24.75 Novelty Suits Reduced to $11.45 $ 27-5O2 7-5O Evening Coats Reduced to. .....$13.95
$28.50 Novelty Suits Reduced t0. .... .$12.95 $32-5° Evening Coats Reduced to . .$15.95
$32.75 Novelty Suits^educecJ t0. .... .$14.45 $iao ° J ackets Reduced- to $4-95
$34.50 Novelty Suits Reduced t0. .... .$16.45 ?I? I2 -5° Jackets Reduced to $6.95
$37.50 Novelty Suits Reduced t0. .... .$19.45 .$14.50 Jackets Reduced to $7-95
„ , $20.00 Jackets Reduced to.. $11.45
None but the swellest styles of the sea- ;
son, such as Eton Suits, Blouse Suits, Jacket oi/inTO \u25a0\u25a0 > F/EPir>o
Suits and Long Coat Suits. . OIVIKIo— ALL fi\li\liO %
'" • • $3.85 Skirts Reduced to. $1.45 .
$4.00 Skirts Reduced to. $1.65
CHILDREN'S COATS $4.25 Skirts Reduced t0. ............. $i. 7S
rt \u0084, , >r $5.25 Skirts Reduced t0............. $2.25
Reduced to $1.45, $i-95, $2.95- Child s Nov- \u25a0 J Skirts R^ uced t0... ..-.....: ..$2.45
elty Coats reduced to .$5.95, 56.45, $7.95. 2^ s kirts Reduced t0..... V. .. $2.95
THIS IS LESS THAN HALF PRICE. _ Skirts i> c( j uce d to $3.95
• $9.75 Skirts Reduced to. $4.45
f _ _^_ $12.50 Skirts Reduced t0... $7.45
A WAIST SNAP $20.00 Skirts Reduced to $11.45
$200 Fancy Pleated Satinette Waists for 75c
Other Waists HALF-PRICE. ALL FURS AT 33c ON THE DOLLAR
I H?d- 1 1 H«O m/\K2\.J& 1 01 IV&JJ& 1
HITCHCOCK .SAYS CALIFORNIA
VISIT WOULD PLEASE Hl>i
Also Say* Irrlji-.tion Result* In Coun
try Are Astounding and That
Work Will Continue. '
Rufus P. Jennings, executive officer
of the California Promotion Commit
tee, has received the following letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, E.
A. . Hitchcock, in answer to the invi
tation sent the secretary by the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee asking
him to visit California for the pur
pose of Investigating the irrigation
question as relating to this State:
•'I am in receipt of your favor of the
Sth instant extending me an Invitation
on behalf of the California Promotion
Committee that I should visit your
State at such time as may be . most
convenient to me, with a view of mak
ing a personal investigation of the
needs for and possibilities of Irrigation
to be found there, and in reply beg
to say that nothing would give me
greater pleasure, nor from which 1
wculd derive more profit, as I am most
deeply interested in what concerns
California and its good people, but
more especially in matters relating to
irrigation. The results already accom
plished through private and corporate
enterprise in the way of irrigation and
reclamation are astounding- and you
may be sure that nothing will be left
undone on the part of the department
that will further such Interests so ma
terial, not only to the State of Cali
fornia, but to the whole country at
large.
"Meantime I shall be very glad to
have any suggestions at any time on
any pending Interests or those- that
may be developed hereafter as to what
the department can do consistently
with other obligations under the law,
and so far as Its financial resources
under the reclamation act will permit
to further the interests and wishes of
the committee." .^T'
The American Cigar, 2 for 25c, beats
the world. Mattheas & Co.. distributors.*
Struck by a Street Car.
As car No. 169 of the Halght-street
line was passing' Market and Kearny
streets at 12:50 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon It struck a delivery wagon be
longing to the firm of W. C. Oestini? of
the California Market. Outside 'of
scattering some of the contents pi the
wagon over the street there was no
apparent damage. The condu-i orE in
quiries of the driver for hl3 name met
with a refusal and an inquiry put to
the conductor by a rcpresen:atlv3 rf
The Call for his own name developed
the fact that he was equally as shy
about making himself known as the
driver whom he had interrogated."^w/^
"KID" McFADDEN SCABBED. —Denis Mc-
Fadden, better . known as "Kid" McFad
den, the" redtop bantam-weight prizefighter,
was stabbed in a light early yesterday morn-
Inz. McFadden got into a conflict at Mason
and Turk streets with a man whoee name he
refuses to reveal. During: the tnix-up the
other man stabbed the "Kid" !n the abdomen.
He was» treated by Dr. Tillman at- the Central
Emergency HospitaJ. y^i\ \u25a0.-?
THE "WHOLESOME
Best of the High Grade Powders,
15 cents half pound can.
CHEMIST FIADS GELATIX
IX O.VE SAMPLE OF MILK
Scientific Inquiry Shows How the
Lacteal Fluid Is' Sophis
. ticated. . .
A report filed yesterday by City
Chemist Glbbs on the analyses of eight
samples of milk demonstrated . that
some unprincipled dealers persist in
adulterating their cream with gelatin,
despite the publicity given to the un
lawful practice. A sample of cream
submitted by Robert Gallagher, who,
however, failed to state the name of
the party from whom he purchased it,
showed the presence of gelatin, and
when the guilty one is located he will
be prosecuted for the offense.
Some of the samples of milk ran
very high as to colonies of bacteria,
one from J. A. Wagner, and another
from J. Furrer showing 792,000 and a
third from a milk depot at 358 Third
street having 396,000.
The State Board of Health has com
plimented Health Officer Ragan on his
active work in the matter of the sale
of nsh and crabs taken from the pul
luted waters of the bay. Reference is
made to the fact that the Chinese han
dle the fish among filthy surroundings
and Ragan. is commended for his en
deavor to force a better condition.
BOARD ASSIGNS TEACHER
TO A SPECIAL SCHOOL.
Mli» R. 11. Kirkpatrick Will De in
Charge of Pupils Who Are
Mentally Deficient.
The Board of . Education yesterday
assigned Miss R. H. Kirkpatrick to
supervise the- school to be established
for tho pupils mentally deficient on
Bush street, near Hyde. Miss Kirkpat
rick has had considerable. experience in
that line with private pupils and is well
fitted for the position.
The school will start with about thir
teen pupils and was established at the
particular request of parents of pupils
whose mental qualifications are below
the ordinary. It will be opened on Jan
uary 2, 1906, and some mentally de
ficient pupils from the regular schools
will ba transferred thereto in order to
concentrate them at one institution.
Deformed feet fitted comfortably. Fine
footwear a specialty. John G. Neu
bauer. Shoemaker. 1161 Mission st •
Millionaire Remembers Poor.
In accordance with his custom, James
L. FJood has made the following dona
tions to charity in honor of the Christ
mas season: Protestant Orphan Asylum,
$1000; Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum,
$1000; San Rafael Orphan Asylum for
Boys, $1000;. Magdalen Asylum, $500;
Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum, $1000;
Boys* and Girls' Aid Society, $250; St.
Joseph's Asylum for the Deaf, Dumb
and Blind, $250; Armitage Orphange,
$250; Hospital for Children and Train
ing School for Nurses, $500; St. Francis
Technical School. $250; Home for the
Aged of the Little Sisters of the Poor,
$250; Sisters of the Holy Family, $250.
* AMUSEMENTS.
In^leside
Coursing
Park
EV/ERY
Beginning at 11:30 Saturday
and 10:30 Sunday
JOHN W*. SUTTOX Jndse
HAH It V HURRAY. Slippei
Querrero-st. cars direct to Park for one far*.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES HALL
Market st. between Fourth and Fifth.
THE CALIFORNIA PROMOTION COMMITTEES
LECTURES ON CALIFORNIA.
Daily from 2 to 4 p. . xn. (except Sunday). r
Illnstroted by Mttfralficent Stereoptlcon
Views and Moving Picture*.
Week Commeuelnc DKCKHHEIt 26TH
STANISLAUS COUNTY
Presented by H. H. Whitmore, from 2 to 2:30.
A LAMED A CITY
Presented by John H. Hartog, from 2:30 to 3.
SAN JOAtIUIN COUNTY
Presented by C«Jvia B.; Brown, from 3 to 3:50.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
Presented by M. I. Jordan, from 3:30 to 4.
NO LECTURE ON CHRISTMAS DAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
Racing! ABacii!
iw
ifiiiiWiPil
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK
Six or more races each week day, rain o*- •
chine. Races commence at 2p. in. sharp. Tak»
ttreet cars . from - any part , of the city. For
special trains stopping at the track take S. P.
train at 3d and Townsend sts. \u25a0 at; 1:15 p. m.
Returning, train leaves track after last race. I
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY ,\Y. TREAT, Secretary. .
A.MiJ3fc;jH£3rrs.
GRAND OPEH A^HOUSE ]
Remarkable Success I
Of Amei-ica's Greatest Tragedienne \
To-mght, ELIZABETH J
Commencing TO-MORROW MATINEE, All Week, Mats. Wed. and Sat. \
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO. MAETERLINCK'S FAMOUS PLAY, ||
rHE SENSATION OF EUROPE AND NEW YORK.
NANCE O'NEtL as MONNA VANNA jj
PRJCES, 25c, 50c, 75c, 81.00 BOX SEATS, $I^o J
Week Commencing This Aft. Dec. 24
SPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS.
| GREAT ORPHEUM
ROADSHOW
Direction MARTIN BECK.
LASKY ROLFE H CO.'S Production.
YE COLONIAL SEPTETTE
In "AN OLD TYME HALLOWTTSN."
MERIAN'S DOGS
A Canine. Story in Pantomime.
JULES | ELLA GARRISON
Presenting "AN ANCIENT ROMAN."
EDG..R BIXLEY
Comedian. .
SISTEKSANd BROTHERS
FORD
Singers and Dancers.
WINOftA WINTER
"The Alabama Rosehufl,"
CAMPBELL AN.D JOHNSON
Comedy Acrobatic Cyclists. i
3-KLOES SISTERS-3
Roman Ring Artists.
ORPHEUM MOTION PICTURES
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday.
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— IOc, 25c and 60c
BUSH STREET
CHAS. P. HALL, Proprietor and Manager.
Phone Main 127.
Last Times — To-day Maunee and Nlrht— of
THE THOROUGHBREDS COMPANY
Commencing Christmas* Day Matinee.
AH Week, Matinees Tuesday. FWday, Saturday
and Sunday.
i The Renoirned Extravaganza Company
MIUDRED STELLER, JOHN WEBBER.
GREEN SISTERS. GARDINER. WEST and
SUNSHINE. the MELROSE ACROBATS.
KENNY and HOLLIS. SAM LIPINCOTT.
JACK MARSHALL in a Superb Extravaganza
Production of
GLITTERING SYLVIA
BEAUTY CHORUS. GORGEOUS COSTUMES
AND EFFECTS.
Popular Prices: Evenings — 15c. 25c, 83c,
50c, 75c, all reserved. Matinees — 25c, reserved.
NEW YEAR'S WEEK.
"THE JOLLY GIRLS."
A T /"I ATA T"|Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR \u25a0ssv&
k ~?a'. : General Manager.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
Laughter. Song and Specialty.
BROWN'S IN TOWN
CHRISTMAS WEEK ONLY.
COM. WITH HOLIDAY MAT. TO-MORROW.
Gorgeous Spectacular Production of Mark
Twain's Famous 16th Century Romance.
For the First Time in This City.
THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER.
Beautiful Scenery. Costumes and Music and
OLLIB COOPER In tho Dual Role.
Eves.. 25e to 75c: Mats*. Sat.. Sun.. 25c to 50c.
NEW YEAR'S WEEK — The Laughing Hit,
A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND.
ALHAMBRA
Cor of Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone East 1577.
BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietors.
Last Times To-day, Matinee and Night.
— — "EAST I.YAXE"
Commencing To-morrow Matinee. All Week.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The World Renowned Champion,
808 FITZSIMMOIMS
In Hal Reid's Great Drama.
A FIGHT FOR LOVE
Sp«:!al Engagement of the Olympic Club Fa-
" vorlte and Amateur Champion Heavy-walgbl,
—--SAM BEROKK
Fltrsimmcns andtßerger Appear in Every Act.
Prices— Evenings 10 to •50 cents. Matinees
10. 15. 25 cents.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA* ANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual cr~ans. Dept. 223 Ifarkat.
1# ULUMESI A Hera iKLf,2E
s| moTday night
CH.VKLES FROHUAN PrM«nts
Wm. H.
In th« Farcical Coratdy Hit. . _
THE
AMEDICAN
LODD
i-i \J HX JW
By O. H. Broadhuiat and C T. Dazay.
PRICES - - $1.50 to 25c
3latlsees Sattzrlays ar.il New Tear's Day.
KiATIWUffISS'
A Merry Christmas!
houdaFmatinees
ToDay and To-lSorrow
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIOHT. I
Crcnd Christmas Extravaganza,
ORPHEUS
IN HADES
BBAUTtFCTL SCENERY! GORGEOUS
COSTUMES! BPLEXTUD CAST!
NEW SPECIALTIES! • SONGS. DANCES.
IDEAS!
A GLORIOUS TREAT FOR TOOTO aad OLD I
REGULAR MATIN KB SATURDAY
USUAL TTVOLI PRICES 25c. Me. 750
NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT AND
SUNDAY MATINEEI DECEMBER SIST.
ALICE NIELSEN
Aad Her Italian Opera Company la
DON PASQUALE
SEATS NOW ON SALS— I 2. f 1 60. |1 and 800.
H. IV. BISHOP. Lesse« and Uma^er.
BAROAIN MATINSS TO-DAY.
23c EVERYWHERE.
EXTRA MATTNED XMAS DAT.
Emphatic Triumph. Unlimited Success
THE NEILLS
In tao Extraordlaary Holiday Production.
IFIWEREKING
FIRST TIME IN STOCK— NEVER BEFORB
AT POPULAR PRICES.
A STUPENDOUS SPECTACLE.
SECOND BIG WEEK BEGINS TO-MORROW.
Tnes.. Dec. 2(5* A. O. U. W. Night.
"W«d.. Dec 27. Commercial Travelers' NUrht.
Evenings — 25c. 50c. 73c. Sat. Mat.— 2sc 60c.
Bargain Mats. Tfcura. and Sun.. 25c «verywher».
New CENTRAL
T*L South 91S. Direction of H. W. BISHOP
EVERY EVELVIXO AT 8:13.
AN OVERWHELMING SUCCESS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
EXTRA MATINEE XMAS.
Nothing Like It Ever Seen In This City.
Th« Stupendous Dramatic Triumph.
THE EYE WITNESS
By Lincoln J. Carter.
SEE THE BEXSATIOXAI. LEAPTVO
AUTOMOBILE.
See the Deep Water Dive aad Rescue.
Seats Now on Sale.
POPULAR PRICES — Even!nyst 15c. 23c. 83c.
5Cc and 75c. Sat, and Sun. Mat».. 15c and 25c.
Afteraocni at ."?. Evenings at 9. No
Intermissions.
Eothwell Browne's Spectacular Musical Bur*
league,
CLEOrA TRA
UP-TO-DATE.
EUNICE GIIOIA:* and
300 CLEVER CHILDREN In the CAST.
A GORGEOUS EXTRAVAGANZA!!
FUN and FROLIC for TOUNG and OLD!
Open air attraction— BAßNES" DIVING ELKS.
No Iccrea«» la Price*.
PRESENTS FOR. ALL CHILD VISITORS
This and To-Morrow Afternoons.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 3a
Phone for Seats Pacific 301.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Roller Skating!
An appropriate Christmas present would ba
a pair of Richardson's Ball Beartas Skates.
; For sala at Mechanics* Pavilion Rink.
Mechanics' Pavilion Rink.
ADMISSION..'. .......20 CENT 3
Weekly Call. $1 Per Year
3536
SPORTS
PAGE
STAKE HONORS
FOR IN TIME
Daughter of Fortuna Favente
Is First in the Open
Event at Ingleside Park
CLOSE DECIDING TRIAL
Event at Ingleside Park
CLOSE DECIDING TRIAL
But One Point Separates
the Winner and Fairmount
Lass in the Last Course
.S. Ravoni's greyhound £n Time won
ths open istake at Ingleslde Coursing:
Park, yesterday .by the narrow margin
of one point. Fairmount Lass was the
runner-up. A number of dogs had to
v^ withdrawn, owing to severe run
ning, the hares ttill being fleet of foot.
The results in detail, with Judge John
Sutton's official scores, follow:
Oi>ea «:ake— Lcretta. beat Commercial Trav
«;er, 4-3- Tax Echo bee* Clonnisl, 10-0; May
Tu"iscn b»at Gloomy Gus, 5-3; Gallant Bey
btat Bedtiia, £-5; Black Coon beat Youns
Kerry Pippin. '-"\u25a0 The Mist b*at R*al Ameri
can. S-t; Milk Maii beat Ir.a Cifsus. 6-4; The
Ji'nt tx-at J R. 5-4; ?n Tim? hea*. Domestio
Lid. 7-T.- Limerick Ecy a bye. Mcid o' Dyn«
withdrawn: Primrose b?at Go'.df-n Buck. B-l:
Qrczy Jane beat Fair-Warning-, 8-2: Vina beat
Kose" Clark, 4-2: Irma Hotfoot b«at Idleness.
S-u- M«r<' I'atton boat John L. Sullivan. 7-3;
Hlue Bill* »>e»t Olydctte. 6-2; Una Iwat Pcd
rfltj Eaun S-4; Fiddler beat Napa Girl, 4-u:
Blue Byes beat Rock Roller. 7-2: Doretta beat
Him VOdC*;. 7-4: !>ady Fieldwick beat Yellow
Tail 22-5- Gallant Tipporavy Lxsat D R, fi-0;
nurmoont I.ass :^at Whisky IJ'.ck. £-6; The
I>.ir*tt beat Camber, IS- 11; »U!e M beat W
I> 9-C: Busy B<v- beat Ro?k lia, 7-3: Swe?t
ress beat Tree Frcm Flaw, 9-4; Smoky H!H
beat Siroc S-S; Miss Brummel beat Wild Mist.
7-0- Brigbt Columbia beat Mat Uainey. 5-1;
Jimmy Al'en beat Lady Honesty, 8-5; Stlng
sr-c bat Butte City, 8-4.
Sc;osd round — Far Kcho a bye. Ixiretta w:th
.>j.rn- Gallant Box *>e«t May Tunisrn. 10-S;
Black Coon l*at The MlFt. 10-8; The Mint beat
3ffilk Maid. 1?-T: In Time beat Limerick Boy.
4-2; Cr=zy Jane b<?r-t Pr'.mios^. 7-1; Vina beat
Irmr. llctfcrt, 0-2: Mary Patton beat Blue j
Hells. S-C; Una beat Fiddler, f-1: Blue Eyes,
bfat Dore-ta. S-7; Lady Fieldwick beat Gallant ,
Tip;vrar>'- W-W; Fairmount Lass beat The
JJmit. »-:t: Busy Boy beat Xtllie M, 3-1;
fc:v.e«in.-£s teat Smoky Hill. C-4; Br'sht Cj- j
V.:mbia b«-at Mips Urummcl, 4-3; B:insaree b^at
Jimmy Allen. 23-5.
Third rounc— i"ar Echo a bye. Gallant Bey
withdrawn: Black Coor. beat The Mint, 6-4;
111 Titr.e beat Crazy Jane. 5-2; Mary Patten
lw=at Vina. 8-7; Blue Byee b»at Una. 5-3; Fair
mount Lass t>est Lady FielflTrlck. 11-2: Busy ;
Bc'V beat Bweetacas, 7-3; Bright Columbia a ;
TSy*. ?tinearc v.ith<sraTvn. j
Fourth round — Far Echo b»at Black Coon,
«-\u25a0'• la liflM beat Mary Petton. fl-S: Fair
!nour.t Lai^ b^at Blue Eyes, 7-: i; Erljfht Coi
umbia b«-at Busy Boy. 20-4.
Flftt round— ln Tinw; btat Far E^;ho : 4-1;
Paimxwnt l-**s beat Bright Columbia. S-2.
Deciding course — S. Ravoni's In Time (Fcr
tuna Fa vent*- Forest Quefr.) beat W. Slcotte's
l'airmount L&»s (Hadiwisi-Mary Ann), 7-6.
«\KJLAM> PIRATES BEAT
JLS ELEVEN OF HORNETS
Independent* and Rove" Pl«y \u25a0 Bene
fit Mnteb of A»»oclntlon Football
at Frcrman'n Park To-Day.
A team of Oakland Hornets played
t close and exciting match of associa
tion football against an eleven of OaE
land Pirates on the grounds near the
California cotton mills yesterday aft
ernoonj the Pirates winning by a score
of one goal to nothing.
The winners scored their goal early
In the first period and though the
Hornets had severs 1 shots they were
not able to put She ball between the
posts. Th* Pirates played with great
kcennrsp and often pressed the Hor
nris hard, but could not score again.
The teams were made up of the fol
lowing::
Pirat*>5 — O'Meaxa. Thompson, Lane,
Mnir, Sharp, Gellatly. Milne. McMath.
Milne, Todd and Michie.
Hornets — MoKenna. Gillchrest. Yon
Helms. McGregor, Martin #i Falk, Du
ciuosnp. Pomeroy, Chambers, Duncan
•arid Monroe.
At Frocnian'6 Park, Golden Gate, the
Albion Rovers and Independents \u25a0will
* play a match for the benefit of Mathie
• pon tan Albion) a.id of Dwyer (an In
fl^V">nd«»nt) this afternoon. The ball
Trill be kicked off at 2:SO o'clock.
Vehlrlrk! VeMcle*! Vcblrles!
\u25a0\\> ar« acnts for four leading lines of ve
hicle*. Do not buy until you have »een our
" Block. Liebold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln «t..
opi-osite City Hall. •
Traveling Mm on Diamond.
A came of baseball will be played at
Hecreatlon Park tliis afternoon, at 2
. o>look. for the benefit of the Com
- m*rcial Travelers' Relief Fund. "The
' "teauss Mill rrprr-sent the United Com
mercial Travelers and the Pacific Coast
Commercial Travelers. George Van
Haltrea has accepted the dangerous
.position of umpire, while W. T. Hob
\u25a0pnn, r.ho.ls afflicted with beauty, will
' do the announcing. The teams will
• \u25a0 P. C. C. T. A. Position*. U. C. T.
A. Werthelmer... Catcher Cohn
11. Fried ' an <3 er. *,
roul Stockton Pitcher Alva Posner
6. Oosllnsky Ist base J. Q. Beck
I>. Bean .... 24 base T. Kcophan
Prank Erlln 3d ba»e Sam Hall
-••"Georse Walkrr Shortstop H. Mlddleton
F.M.Van Klcklen. l>ft fi«lfl A. Mahoney
Walter l>vy Center field G. Goldben
• T. Frledlar.dT Rißht field O. Boldeman
F.R. Koenlnt. Manager. Manager.
AJDVEIiTISESIJEXTS.
FREE
TO THE
AFFLICTED!
To introduce the DRS. SOLTB & LOBAT
ICew French System ot treatment and con-
vince ttm of He wonderful curative power wo
will rive FREE OFFICE TREATI4ENT6 for
ONE WHOLE MONTH If you call THIS
WEEK and brln* this 2377 ad.
IF YOU ARE A SUFFERER
from Catarrh, or any chronic, nervous, ob-
rcure. deep-seated eilmwit or "\u25a0weakness" you
are invited to call this week. Our New
Method Electro-Therapeutic Bosquet treat-
ment Is the finest In the world. Is fully pro-
tected by letters patent and copyright and Is
not in eeoeral use.
Ilita treatment cures when others fall for
f modest !»\u25a0«\u25a0 that you will b? pleased to pay
when you are satisfied that you are w*ll.
Honorable methods. Positive cures— our
motto.
WE TREAT AND CURE
Nervous Diseases. Lungs, Heart, Stomach,
Kidneys imd Pelvic Disorders. Piles. Vartco-
ceifl and Rupture cured without the knife or
paliC
Consultation fr«e. Call or write. Hours
P to 6. Evenlncs 7 to 8.
DRS. BOLTE & LQSAY, Specialists
OSSee l£lsi0» BaUfllnfc 810 Powell, Rocta B.
BEARCATCHER OUTSPRINTSHANZDARRA
SON OF ST. GEORGE
RUNS OVER HIS
FIELD AT FINISH
Handzarra Looks an Easy.Winner,'
but the Ferguson Horse Comes #
Like a Whinwind.
OPEN LENGTH APART AT WIRE
IX>S ANGELES. Dec23.— Garnet Fergu
son's great ooit Bearcaicher won the clx
furlongs match race with Handzarra and
I Cruzados to-day in one of the fastest fln
; ishes ever seen . at Ascot. After eight
I minutes' delay the horses got away in an
even sart. Handzarra and Cruzados
forged ahead, and on entering the stretch
Cruzadoa was in the lead two ltnrtus,
I with Bearcatchtr twice that distance be-
I hind Handrarra. Handzarra trained stead
j ily down the stretch- and at the paddock
J gate passed Cruzadcs and looked an easy
' winner, but Beaxcatcher, who had been
J swung into the middle of the track by
1 Mcßride, cam* on like a whirlwind and
ran over the field, winning first place from
Handzarra by a full length. The time was •
1:13 flat, three-quarters of a second slow
', er than the track record, held by Cru
: zados. Eeaccatcher was the favorite in the
\ betting, opening at 4 to 5. A heavy play
forced the odds down to -7 to 10. Hand
zarra, at S to 1, and Cruzados, at 7 to 2,
went almost unplayed. Miller had the
I mount on Cruzados and McDaniel on I
1 Handzarra. The race was for a special I
! 52:*) purse offered by the Ixjs Angeles !
I Jcckej' Club.
The remainder of the card was of fhe
] highest class. The fourth race, the Coro
! nado selling stakes, with $1250 added
i money, was won by Varieties at the long 1
odds of 12 to 1. Rubric, the even money ]
favorite, was, second and Marshal Key j
third. Varieties was run up to $2500. She
I covered the distance in this race in 1:^6%!
' ore second slower than the track record
: time, held by Ethylene.
Big Ben, a 7 to 10 favorite, won the other .
', six t'urlongB' event by two lengths from)
: Don Domo.with Valencia, an extreme out-
I sider, third. The sixth race was annexed J
I by Good Luck, the favorite, by a head j
; from El Otros, and Mai Lowery third. I
1 Cutter, a heavily played favorite, took
! the last race race, at a mile, leading his
; field all the way. Judge Denton was sec
ond and Sar.s showed. Mi Reina, a 20 to
1 shot, won the first event from the fa
vorite, Hoodwink, by a narrow margin,
t Secret took the remaining event, in which
she was favorite.
Tli6 crowd to-day was one of the largest
of # the year, and the play in the betting
ring on all of the races was heavy.
Weather clear, track fast. Summary:
First rsce." r Brooks course — Ml Relna, 91
(Grande), SO to 1 won; Hoodwink, 100 (Pow
ell). 5 to 2 second; The Borglan, 100 (Kunz).
& to 1 third. Tim^, 2:O4 Vi. Pyrrho, Fllle
dOr, Old MlUe, Meaaowdown and Ignacio also
ran.
Second race, one mile— Secret, 98 (Miller),
18 to 10 won: Sand Storm. 99 (Moriarlty), 7
to 1 iieeond; Sainada, 66 (Schade), W to 1
third. Time, 1:42H- Lady Huron, Stoeseel
and Ltlie U aleo ran.
Third race, cix furlongs — Big Ben. 112 (Mc-
Danlei). 7 to 10 won; Don Domo, 107 (Pres
ton). 5 to 2 second; Valencia. S3 (S-waln), 40
to 1 third. Time, 1:13%; Firm Foot, Sir
Brlnkley. Fireball and Capitanazo also ran.
Fourth race, the Coronado Beach selling
stakes, $1250 added, one and a sixteenth
miles — Varieties, 97 (Wiley). 15 to 1 won;
Rubric. 106 (Buchanan). ev?n second; Mar-
Bhail Key, 100 (Harris), 12 to 1 third. Time.
1;46»4. Maesa., Athlone. Roycroft, Hippoc
rat's. Memories and Luckett also ran.
Fifth racp. special, fiVK> added, six fur
longs — B^arcatcher. 112 (Mcßride). 7 to 10.
won: Handzarra. 105 (McDaniel). -.1 to 1 sec
ond: Crucados, 112 (Miller), 7 to 2 third. Tim»,
1:13. Three t-tarters.
Sixth race, handicap, one milf and seventy
yards — Good Luck, 103 (Buchanan). 1 to 2
won; El Otros, 100 < Miller), 10 to 1 second;
Mai Lower}-, 104 (Moriarlty). 7 to 1 third.
Time. 1:45»;. Bill Curtis and Wire In also
ran.
Seventh race, one mile — Cutter, 103 (Wiley),
3 to 2 won: Judge Denton, P7 (Moore), 15 to 1
serond: Hals. 100 (Carroll), 15 to 1 third. Tim*.
1 :40. Revolt. McGrathlana Prince, The Gad
fly, Lustig. Kthrlene and Mauser a!so ran.
Handicap Goes to Tinker.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 23.— City Park re
•ulta:
First race, seven furlongs — Woodlyn won.
Big Boat, second, Mildred 1* third. Time,
1:412-5.
Second race. fly« and a half furlongs — St.
Joseph won. Gus Heidorn second. Mint Boy ;
third. Time. 1 :51 1-5.
Third race, mile and a quarter — Knowledge
\u25a0won. Lkruble second. Safety Light third. Time,
2:26.
Fourth race, seven furlongs; the New Or
leans Terminal Railway handicap — Tinker won,
Darlne seron'l. H. U. 'Am third. Time. 1 :39.
Fifth race, eeven furlongs — Foreigner won,
Bazil second. The Laurel third. . Time. USB 3-3.
Sixth race, on. mile and 70 yards — Harry
Stephens won. Freebooter second, Delphle
third. Time, 1:58. •
Seventh race. Eeven furlongs — Modred won.
St. Tammany second. Gambler third. Time, :
i*i- ' • -
Major l»ali:K«Tfi>l(l Runs Second.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 23.— Fair Grounds
racing results*:
Flint race, five furlong* — Hyacinth \u25a0won, Giy
Adelaide second, The Plains third. Time,
1:44 1-5.
Second race, eeven furlongs — James Redlick
won. Dr. Hard eecond, Kuth TV third. Time,
1:37 1-5.
Third race, on* mile and an eighth — Phil
Pinch won, Torchello second. Gold Enamel
third. Time, 2:OG.
Fourth- race, six and a half furlongs: Tho
Gentilly *eUinff stakes— Culabash won. Major
Dalr.Jjerfleld second. La Sorclere third. Time,
Fifth race, one mile— Lady Ellison won, Mac-
Beth second. Kins Ellsworth third. Time,
Sixth rsco. one and a sixteenth mlle»— Los
Angeleno won. Harkamis eecond. . Charll*
Thompson third. Tlroe^ 1:53 3-5.
MRS. BROWN VICTOR AGAIX
OX TUB INGLESIDE LINKS
Win* Final Rouud of First Competl
- tlon for the Chescbrovgh Cap .
for Women.
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown scored an
other victory on the links at Ingleslde
yesterday, beating Mrs. J. R. Clark, 4
up 2 to play, in the final round of the
first tournament for the Chesebrough
Cup, presented to the women of the
San Francisco Golf and' Country Club
for competition at match play 'with
handicaps.
Mrs. Brown played from scratch and
Mrs. J. R. Clark received three- strokes.
At the twelfth hole the players were
all square. Mrs. Brown then won four
consecutive holes, giving her the
match at the sixteenth hole.
Harvard Win* Chess Match.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— The four
teenth" annual Intercollegiate chess;
tournament between Columbia, Har
vard, Yale and Princeton ended this
evening, when Harvard was declared
the winner with 9H games won and 2*£
lost. Yale was second, with 8 won; Co
lumbia won 6 and Princeton only
scored half a point, losing all but one
game, which was a draw. To-day
Harvard won all four games against
Princeton. Yale and- Columbia each
won one game, the others being drawn.
Yale I* Rough In Basket Ball.
ATLANTA. Gal, Nov. 23.— 1n a basket
ball game, which bore, a striking re
semblance to football- in point of
roughness. Yale defeated • the - Atlanta
Athletic Club team here to-night by a
score of 84 to 19.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
TWELVE TEAMS
ARE ENTERED
Tennis Tournament in Hand
icap Doubles' Gives Prom
ise of Sharp Competition
An even dozen teams entered the handi
cap doubles tournament to be played on
the California Club tennis courts to-day
and to-morrow. The- handicaps were ar
ranged yesterday afternoon 'and the
drawings held.
Melville and Herbert Long and Herbert
Schmidt and Harry Rolfe were by far
the most heavily handicapped teams.
They will both play from half forty back
of scratch. The only, other team placed
below scratch la Harold Gabriel and Al
bert Kenyon. They are at owe 15.
As in the last .tournament of the kind
the handicaps are unusually large. The
cups were, won by M. Long and C. Gard
ner, playing from 30 below scratch, but
there were less teams in the competition.
With the handicaps as allotted the first
class teams will have a- hard time win
ning.
Up to date five tournaments have been
played for the trophies. Schmidt and
Rolfe won the first event; Major Ducat
and W. G. Knowlton took the second. C.
J. Smith and A. Beyfuss won the third
and the last two tournments were won
by Long and Gardner. Schmidt arid
Rolfe and Smith and Beyfuss are the only
teams In the competition who have their
names on the cups. They drew together
in the preliminary round and one or the
other will be weeded out at the start.
Play will commence promptly at 11
o'clock. The tournament will "be com
pleted to the semi-flnal round to-day.
The semi-finals and finals will be played
Christmas day. The drawing and handi
caps follow: .
Preliminary round, Melville and Her-,
bert Long (owe 20 3-6) vs. N. Blaisdell
and W. G. Knowlton (15 3-6); G. P. Ful
ler and Steinfeldt (15) vs. Harold Gabriel
and Albert Kenyon (owe 15): Harry Rolfe
and Herbert Schmidt (owe 30 3-6) vs. C-
J. Smith and A. E. Beyfuss (3-6)*.
First round (upper half)— VP". H. H.
Murphy and C. G. Kuetin (15 8-6) vs.
Thlrkel and W. Johnson (30).
First round (lower half)— Dr. Love
grove and T. D. Black (15) a bye, E. J.
Vogel and B. Webster (30) vs. Moulten
Warner and Henry Mills (3-6).
Stanford Chens Players.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 23. —
As a Result of the final try-out for the
Chess Club announcement has been
made of the men who were successful
and who, by securing: membership in
the club, are rendered eligible for the
intercollegiate contest that will be
played with the University of Califor
nia some time during the next semester.
The men who were victors in the initial
struggle for places on the intercol
legiate team are: C. E. Spauldlng, '06;
J. P. Ctissell. '07; T. T. Bennett, '08; C.
L Chandler, '08; T. R. W. F. Figg-Hob
lyn, '08; E. Blllman, '09; E. H. Richard
son, '09; S. B. Show, '09, and F. R.
Tower, '09.
Besides these men there are eligible
for the intercollegiate team the men of
last year's varsity team who have re
entered the club this semester. R. A.
Fuller, '08; L. Newland, '08; G. E. Dole,
'07; M. M. Steams, '06; F. E. Ulrlch, '06,
and H. W. Strange, '06, qualify under
this heading. It is probable that from
among these last named men a majority
of the players on the intercollegiate
team will bo chosen. The men will
practice consistently during the next
few months in preparation for the final
try-out, whicti will decide who shall
have the honor of representing Stan
ford In - her annual contest with the
State University. ,
Scottish Howlers at Practice.
No tournament matches were played
by the Scottish bowlers' at Golden Gate
Park yesterday, play being confined to
practice games. One of the best
matches over played on the green was
that between J. C. Moffatt and H. L.
Tickner and K. C. Mtdeau and IJ. Me-
Lachlan. The match lasted more than
three hours, Moffatt and Tickner finally
winning out by a single point. The
score .was 21 to 20. Not until the last
ends did either side score more than
a point an end. With the score stand
ing 20 to 17 against- them, Moffatt and
Tickner scored two points twice run
ning and won the match. Moffatt did
some remarkable bowling at the finish.
The folowing games were played: G.
C. Patterson and Moffatt beat A. Fore
man and J. McLachlan, 21 to 19; Joseph
Gray and J. Elder beat S. Irving and
M.. Crowe. 21 to 16; A. Craig and Mc-
Lachlan beat James Gray . and Crowe,
21 to 3; Rev. Mr. Bane and Rev. Mr.
Logan beat A. . McDonald \ and G. Goss,
21 to 6; R. Park and B. E. George boat
J. Deasy and ,D.^ O'Brien, 21 to 5; Rev.
W. J. Fisher and G. C. Patterson beat
Gobs' and Foreman, 21 to 10.
'AI »IU to Flsht Joe Thomas.
: VALLEJO, Dec. 23.— Local and . San
Francisco sports will be given an op
portunity on January 11 to see If Al
Neill, formerly rated as the "Pride of
California," is as good as he used to
be. He has signed to meet Joe Thomas
of San Francisco before the Palm -Ath
letic Club of this; city in the Pavilion
on that evening.
Thomas is well thought of here on
account . of his recent victories and the
handy manner in which he disposed of
Jack Clancy. Neill Is undergoing light
training and Is doJngconslderable road
work under the direction of Harry
Lewis, who used to: be with Neill when
he was rated as ; one of the best \on the
coast. Neill weighs nearly 170 "pounds,
but does not anticipate any trouble in
making 150 pounds at 6 o'clock.
. An explanation of the reason why paint
and varnish j look . white ; after a - heavy,
rainstorm has Just been furnished. Tho
moisture has inserted ' itself into - the
minute divisions . of ; the ,. paint . and i thus
give* it the whitish appearance.
SOLDIERS SHUT
OUT JACK TARS
Uncle Sam's Boys in Blue
Are Handier With Stick
Than Pensacola Middies
SNAPPY GAME IN FIELD
Pitchers Toss Up Puzzling
Benders and Keep Bats
men Guessing Throughout
It is no idle boast that Unole Sam's
boys In blue can battle faster on the
land than th« Jack tars. When the
Piesidio baseball team wa« through
with the Jack tars from the training
ship Fenpacola yesterday afternoon on
the Irepidlo field the latter looked a
shade worse than bustiers. The soldiers
won because they could clout the ball
now and then, while the Jackles were
not there with the stick. 43core, B to 0.
The game^was the first of the final
series between the army and the navy
and brought out a fair-sized assem
blage. It was fast baseball in every
round, with hits and errors at a prem
ium throughout. The jackies gobbled
up every chance that came skipping
along, while the soldiers erred three
times, "Teeley" Raymond making two
mistakes and Bertie Delmas one.
Both pitchers were wonderfully effec
tive. Hollander allowed the middles
bur two scattered hits and had almost
perfect control of the ball. Dennison
was nearly as effective, but he got in
wrong' during the first inning when he
passed two men and allowed a couple
of scratchy hits. After that he waded
in and pitched like a big leaguer.
Raymond and Garman, the first two
men up in the Initial spasm, were
passed. Raymond stealing cleverly. A
hit to third, which was all but landed
by Heine, brought Raymond in. A
fielder's choice and another blngle to
right swelled the total for the inning
to three.
Tt looked as though that would be
about all till the sixth, when Cusack
lined out a triple to left field and
landed on Stanley's single to center. In
th- eight Garman bit off a triple to
rig-l>t. and a passed ball by Ellis let
him through with the last one for the
day.
Both Raymond and Fair played fast
ball in the field for the soldiers, the
former taking several difficult chances
and falling down on two easy ones. ;
Dennißon had ten chances and accepted j
them all without a mistake. The teams
lined up as follows: .H
Presidio. Positions. Pensacola.
Stanley, Conrad... Catcher. • Ellis
Rollander Pitcher. Dennison
Fair First base. Smalln
Delmas Second base. . Fowl«r
Garman Third base., :;i Heine.
Raymond Short slop. _\u0084 . Hopkins
Conrad, Stanley. .. .L«ft field. . Knowles
Cameron Cc nter field. Gardner
Cusack Right field. Blechen
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Presidio 3 0 00 0 1 0 1 •— 5
Hltn 20 01 0 20 1 •— «
Pensacola 0 0 00 0 0 0 O o—o0 — 0
HitH 00 10 0 0 10 o—2
Errore— -Presidio 3, P«nsacola 0.
UNKNOWN MAN SENDS
BULLET INTO BEAIN
Tries to Commit Suicide in a
Garden Gity Lodg
ing-House.;
SAN JOSE, Dec. 23.— With "a bullet in
his brain an unknown man is now lying
at the City Hospital gasping his life
away. He entered the Union lodging
house on North Market street at 7 o'clock
this morning 'and was given a room. A
few minutes iater the report of a revol
ver was heard in his room, and rushing
In the landlord found him with a bullet
hole in his head and a smoking revolver
near his hand. He had not registered
anu no one knows him. He is about 50
years of age, jwith a dark gray mustache,
and Is neatly dressed. He had only some
Email change In his pocket, and no papers
of any kind by which he can be identified.
He cannot live.
CASTKL.L.AXKS EATERTAIN
THE KING IN BATHROOM
Turn fhc Apartment Into \u25a0 Roman
Bnnqurt Hall With Playing
Foantninn.
PARIS, Dec. 23.— 1t was in the bath
room of the Castellanes" splendid house
that they entertained the King of Por
tugal on Tuesday. The bath was
turned into a dining-room for the occa
sion, and the great central tub was
covered over and the faucets were
made to spout as four fountains from
banks of flowers. It was very effec
tive, and the marble walls, ceiling and
pillars were festooned with blooms,
making the chamber In which Count
Bonl takes his morning dip look like
a Roman banqueting hall.
The society journals went into lyric
transports over the scene, but Ameri
cans are laughing over the affair,
largely because only three or four of
them are Invited. The Castellanes*
guests included only those Americans
who occupy such an exalted : station In
Parisian' society that the hosts, for
their own prestige, could not have
omitted them. There, were, of course,
tho Embassador and Mrs. McCormick,
Prince yon Isenburg, Mrs. Moore and
Mrs. Carroll. The Duchess de la
Rochefoucauld-BlBaccia is In mourning
for her father and could not be there.
There are many heartburnings among
the Countess Bonl's \u25a0 compatriots and
much jealous sneering In ; consequence.
But they have, only .'themselves, . to
blame, for had they been a little more
cordial . In-, their reception of her when
she first came .to Paris she would have
had no occasion to pay back old s_cores.
King Carlos Is quoted as, having ex-,
pressed his surprise -that he was not
happy enough to hjive met . more of
those "charming and so individual
Americans who add so much to Pari
sian society."
NAVAL OFFICERS J EXAMINE .
.NEW LIFE "\ SAVING DKVICES
Fire Extlngrntnlilnir Apparatus Invented
by :. Chief Engineer }ot 'the
. ' McClellaa : Is . Praised. ""
WASHINGTON, ". Dec. \ 23.-^-The boards
of "officers \u25a0whic.h^have^been in '..session
in \New York this week to examine
certain lifeboat-launching and fire-ex
tinguishing:. ; devices^ .are 1 reported as
favorably inclined; toward ; the adoption
for use-on: board .all army transports
of. the appliances under trial. It was
found that the lifeboat-launching ap
paratus reaulres but "four i'or five men
and: 1 that the ' boat could be removed
from the deck and placed In the water
;inforty seconds;* ' The ; flre-extlnguish- :
ing 1 ' aparatus :is .the invention -\u25a0< of /the
chief engineer T of *the ~&IcClellan .and
promises to bo a uaoful meohanlaia.
SIR EDWARD AT 8 TO I
WINS TENNY HANDICAP
Mandator, Even
Money Favorite,
Unplaced.
Eckersall, Heavily
Played, Wins in
Hard Drive,-
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
Santa Clans would have wept great big
icicle tears If he could have aeon the coin
burned up over the reeult of the Tenny
handicap, for two-year-olda, run at In
\u25a0Tleaide track yesterday over a mile.
There were enough coarse bills dumped
into the ring on Mandator to buy a string
of beads and a done brown turkey for
every hiffh private In the Patagonian
army. The Keene colt, forced down to
even money favoritism, finished next to
last. Sir Edward, piloted by Kmmett
; League, shot off in front at the start like
;an explosion of Roman candles, and
; though the field behind him fumed and
sizzled and panted, the lightweight pos
sessed speed enough to stay in the game
and defeat Charlatan out a neck in
1:42&4. The layers went to the ridicu
lously long price of 12 to 1 about the
latter colt. To make matters doubly In
teresting Nealon, the second choice, lost
show honors to Tenordale. The, winner
closed at 8 to 1.
TWO FAVORITES SCORE.
Perfect weather drew a large crowd of
fortune hunters. While but two favorites
scored, the major portion of the book
makers were hard hit.
Knapp met with poor racing luck on
Yellowstone, favorite for the introductory
sprint, finishing unplaced. Birdie P, the
mount of Lloyd Fountain, early showed
in front, winning easily from Jake Ward,
the St. Louis sprinter. Duelist, at odds
of 25 to 1, ran third. * .
Barney Schreiber's colt Tom McGrath,
ridden by Radtke, took the two-year-old
event, at six furlongs. Only galloping the
first part of the Journey, he was brought
to a drive at the close, beating J X F, an
outsider, but a neck. The show went to
Iron "Watson. .
• Eckersall must have looked like
something hanging on a Christmas
tree from the manner in which he was
played to* win the mile and a sixteenth
selling: fixture. The Fink entry picked
up more weight than he did in a pre
vious race, but It seemingly cut no Ice.
From five, the price shrunk away to
1G to 5, and In a drive, Lloyd Fountain
placed him over a neck ahead of Dixie
Lad, the post favorite. Angelica fin
ished an indifferent third. With a
stronger finisher up the first choice
could have won.
HORSES IN EXCITIXG FINISH.
: A heck and a nose apart at the wire,
Bell Reed, Titus II and Bucolic fought
it out for the five-furlong selling
scramble. The former sprinter at all
times enjoyed first call in the betting,
anu Patsy Phillips had him in front
from the start. Titus ran an excellent
race, and a more vigorous finisher than
Sullivan could have about landed the
money. Soundly, an extensively
backed second choice, made a tame
showingr.
Although Northwest had beaten San
Primo over a fast track at a mile, the
books installed the Keene entry favor
ite for the concluding mile and a six
teenth selling number. . San Primo did
not look at his best and Radtke had
drawn his whip before making the
stretch turn. Lloyd Fountain lost con
siderable ground through the stretch
with Northwest and the mare was
hard ridden at the end to down Gate
way a scant half-length.
NOTES OF .THE TRACK.
Lloyd Fountain carried off the saddle
honors in a walk, piloting the winners
Birdie P. Eckersall and Xorthwest.
Thirty-one bookmakers cut in. This j
is the greatest number of recent' years
and speaks volumes for the healthy
condition of the sport.
C. Stubenbord Jr. lost J X F from
the second race. The colt was claimed
for $925 C. C. McCafferty.
Davies & Co. purchased Ora Mc-
Kinney from Captain Rice yesterday.
Trains will leave Third and Town
send streets for / Ingleslde to-morrow
at. 12:45, 1 and 1:15 p. m.
SHIPPERS ACCUSE
MANY RAILROADS
Firm Files Charges Against
Lines Operating- West
From Chicago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— A com
plaint directed against railways operat
ing west from Chicago and . charging
unreasonable and discriminatory rates
on rubber tires for bicycles and vehicles
was filed with the Interstate Commerce
Commission to-day by the Flske Rubber
Company of Chicopee, Mass.
The complaint is directed against the
Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad
Company, the Chicago and Northwest
ern Railway Company; the Chicago,
Burlington and Qiiincy Railway Com
pany; the Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul Railway Company; the Chicago.
Rock Island and Pacific Railway Com
pany, the Colorado. Midland Railway
Company, the,- Denver and Rio Grande
Railway Company, the Great Northern
Railway Company, the Missouri Pacific
Railway Company, the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company, the Oregon
Short Line Railroad, the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company and the Wiscon
sin Central Railroad Company.
- This .complaint Is one of seven dis
tinct charges and is based on the ground
that the charges on rubber tires in the
territory . through ; which J the defendant
companies operate is excessive.
DEVELOPMENT OF STANISLAUS
RIVER POWER IS PROJECTED
Company Incorporates In Maine to
Supply Electricity to Mines and,
. .Mill!* In California.
AUGUSTA. ; Me., Dec." 23. — The devel
opment of the Stanislaus' River, about
130 miles southeast of San Francisco,
so that" 30.000 electrical horsepower
may be had to operate mines and mills,
is the object of the Stanislaus Water
Powers Company,, which ,was organized
to-day under the laws of Maine, with
a capitalization, of "$13,000,000. This ia
the holding company.
' The corporation was formed re
cently L under thej lawß - : of-.-'V^Con
necticut land r <ls known, as the Stan
islaus Electric \u25a0- Power Company. Its
capital Is the same as the Maine com
pany. The control of the river will be
utilized also for irrigation.
The syndicate 'supporting the move
ment is represented by Tucker, An
thony & Co. of Boston and C. C. Cuyler
of -Cuyler, Morgan. & Co., and-Fred
erick L. Eldrldge of the Knickerbocker
Trust Company of Now XorJi,
The Call's Racing Form Chart
INGLESIDE, Saturday, Dee. 23. — Weather fine. Trade »'ow. ____
E. C. HOPPER. Presiding Judge. - J- J- HOL.TMAX. Start^
8957. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: gelling; four-year-olda and up: value to first, %\?2>.
Indexl Horse and Owner. |Wt;gt. %. H. *. Bit.. Fin. j_^"f_j ,^_sh
$9*59" Binilo P. 4 (D. S. Fountain).. |lo2| 4 ... 2 l'il I^l 2 1 2 /jFouataln < 4 11-2
8966 Jake Ward, a (Lee & Son) ..|lC9| 3 ... In i2^ *!»- \\,'.\- wii-airs "O *-
6955 Duelist, a (R. R. Rica Jr.K.jiOe 8 ... » 2%2 O 2n 2 •\u25a0r'h B <xx" Tv ' 2t>
8085 Distributor. 4 (F. J. NeO)*'jlt»[ 3 ... 3h 4n h 4 Z^Q^^Li' "& 75
8963 Standard. 4 (E, J. Ram«y) ..102 6 ... 4n 6 2 « 2 3^ l^S," 1 "^ 3^2 U-l<»
8915 Yellowstone. S (W. P. Flna .. IOS 0 •••!»* » ? ' 2 « » i£? ( f, f J t i i '"-- Is *l
SOCO L, Athellng. 4 (MeLaughlln).. 102 5 ... 9h3Vxs ** T *» d i£*,-'"" v© IS
$085 Mooorlto, a (J. Ryan) 106 U ... Thioi 81 84 R r^Jl lor " g <»
s«e© Suburban Qu«*n. 4 (Winter.) 102 1 ... gh 929 5 9 2 iHerbert ... 23 <»
8940 Nullah, a (O. S. MoXeazie) ..102 T ... ohThlo 2 10 2 TO»t . .... *«
8831 MonUn* Peer..* 6 (J. Coffey; 1(H 10 ... U« 12 11 411 8 g^.*" 9 g |g
6337 Mlichl«f. a (Lak* CD. Sta.).. 10913 ... IS 11 nl3 12 [H. Sattn •• w *»
winner. Jak. WaVd ran his rac\ Dualist moved UP a P«r. J^^J*?!,, l^ '^Sc^ant
Yellowstone In twenty pocket* Mocorito flirolayed iom» spe«d. J^ullah no aacoant.
Mischief received eupport. but fot away poorly.
898 S. SECOND RACK— Six forlong»t Mlllng; two-year-old*; vain* to flrit. 932 X
Index Hon.* and Own*-. Wt'gt. tt. fr. %. Str. Fin. ( Joc*»r. |O> CX
(8077) Tom McGrath (Schrelber .... 1121 8 ... 1 B**l »H1 Ittl a £*<"*• •-•• 7^ *if
8070 JK F (C. Btubenbord Jr.) ..101 f ... T** ~ 2 0 2 2 5 Harty ..... « ij>
(8022) Iron Watson (W. Stanfleld) .. 103 ft ... 6 1%6 2£3 h Haroert... 10 9
8070 Succeed (J. W. Blalock) 100 5 ... «8 3H 6 2ftJ J I*! 1 . 18 * 9 "' I I
(SWB) Prominence (C. McCaff arty) .. 103 9 ... 8h 5n 4n 8 h Robln.cm . 4 0
8845 Oov t>avl s (R. R. Rica Jr.) .. lOC 4 ... S h » 2 7 2 «J«L ? S^
(8910) St. Francis (Hurry A Co.) . . 118 6 ... 4 n 2 n | h J 3 H. TST Sr °" h ,.i .i ?oS
SO7O James L M (Del Monta Sta.) 103 10 ... 9 h 9 2 SHB2H J- J Wa '? h *® 1 5JJ
5075 M«llcr (H. E. Rowell) 106 $ ...10 10 10 9 6 T. Stewart.. 30 60
8&10 Cock Sure (Club Stable) 100 1 ... 2 !}<>* 1%9 nlO IKnapp 1 8 IQ
Time. :2<4i. :<9%. 1:13. At po.t 4 mlnutta. Off at 2:33. McOrath. Dlace. T-10; aaow.
1-8. JK F. place. 6; show, 3; Watson, show. 3-2. Winnar, b. c. by Saln-Mt«» Ma
rlon. Trained by H. R. Brandt. Scratched— Petaluma. SDrlnsr Ban. Start soofl. Won
all drlvlnjr. Highest price— McGrath. 2: Watson. 12: PTOtaln«nc«. 11-2; FrancU, a; Coc*
Bure, 11. Tom McGrath. superbly rated, wag tlrin* badly at the close. J X F came from
far back. Iron Watson bothered a furlong from wire. Promln«nc» can do better than
this. Governor Davis had some speod. St. Francis wm short. Throw out UU» rac«.
Mellor . off poorly. Cock Sure quit. >
8080. THIRT> RACE — 1 1-16 mites; s«llln«;: three-year-olds; value to. first, tB2S.
Index i Horse aqd Owner. WtjSt. V». %. Str. Fta. t ; Joclwy. Op. Cl.
897T Eckersall (C. P. Fink) 112 3 5 lY a i 21n1 n In [Fountain.. 5 1«-J
6074 Dixie Lad (W. H. Parker).... 112 6 6 « 8 1 2 1%3 0 !W. Smith.. 6-3 »
5921 |Anc*Uca (J. F. Clifford)..*;... IC3 1 41 in 51 B%S« Loaguo .... 5 11-3
5944 Ed Sheridan (B. Schrelber).. 103 4 3 «i 3 *i 4 I 4 U 4 H Radtka 3 11-3
6950 Bird of Passage (Del M. St.).. 108! 3 11 12,2%53 54 J. J.Walsh T-3 9-3
8974 Lucrece (J. Coffey) 109,6 3n4%« 6 6 T. Clark... 13 15
Time— :2sH. \u25a0^%. 1:17%. 1:43 H. 1:49%. At port %, mlnnte. Off at 2:53%. Eckarsall.
place. S-2; show. Z-5. Lad. place. 1; show. 2-5. Angelica, show. 8-8. Winner. D. C. by
Grammont-Rose Prim Trained by C. P. Fink. Start socd. Won first two drivtnc
hard. Third easily. Highest price — Dixie Lad 1&-3. Angelica 6. Eckersall a *ood horse
to-day. With stronyer handling Dlxla Lad could have wen. Angelica ran a fair race.
Ed Sheridan won't do. Bird of Passage all shot to pieces by too much early ua«. Ha pre
fers plenty of mud at that. Lucreos cut off on back stretch.
8000. FOURTH RACE— I mile; the Tenny handicap; two-year-olds; Talu» to first. tSV>.
Index! Horse and Owner. "WtSt. *i. %. %. Str. Fin. (Jockey. Op. CL
8954 IStr Edward (G. Van Oordan) 102 S 1 « 1 »; 11 lHln |Lcajru» I S
(5954) Charlatan (Qum & Co.) 113 2 8 H 8 IH2 n 2 n 2 % ITreufcel 4 12
H972 Tenordale (J. F. Clifford) 101 5 01 62 02 51 S lUlFountaln .. S »
(6904)!Nealon (B. Schrelber) 110 6 5134 4h42 41 Knapp 5-3 21-5
5954 ißamus (Stevens & Son) 80 1 2<; 3 n 8 2%3 1 5 7 Robinson .. 5 »
(8967) Mandator (Keene Bros.) 110 i 7 4 fc* 4 n 5 4 82 6% Radtke .... S-5 1
5976 JBusy Bea ,(H. E. R0wf11).... 0&! 4 7 7 1 7 7 Sandy 20 go
Time— :25}4. :50Vi. 1:16%. 1:42?4. At post M minute. Off at 3:23 M. Edward. plac». 3;
show, »>-5. Charlatan, place. 4; show, 8-0. Tenordal*. show, 6-5. Winner, b. c by Ed
d'e Jones-Motto. Tralr.ed by O. M. Van Cardan. Start »ood. Won all drivlnr hard.
Hieheat price — Edward 10, Tenordale 10, Mandator 2. Winner apparently likes lisrht
weight. Charlatan ran much the better race, conceding, as he was. elevan pounds to Sir
Edward. Tencrdale ran to her notch. Not mud enoujh for. Nealon. Ramus had no ex
cuses to-day. Mandator, bumped and cut off at start by Sir Edward, showed to no ad
vantage. Busy Bee no speed.
8991. FIFTH RACE— Five furlon««. sellln*: three-year-olds and up; valu* to first. $420.
Irdex Horse and Owner. jWt'St. 14. %T %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OpT CL
(5952) Bell Reed. 5 (J. H. Brannon).. 107j 3 ... 12 In 1 I^l n [P. Phillip*. 2 »-8
5952 Titus 11. 5 (O. P. McNeil) 102 1 ... 2 I^2 2 2 n 2nd JT. Sullivan. T 12
8008 Bucolic 5 (Walker & Co.) 107 4 ... T 1 3 h 3 *i 3 %% Minder .... 10 IS
5929 Ethel Barn-more. 3 (J. Dunne) »7 3 ... 4»i4 H 4 1 1 h IBrussell ... 50 ICO
5052 Masedo. 4 (Rosedale Farm)...|lo» f 5 ... 1 h 7*a32 B»4 Otis 7 1O
5979 Young Pllerlm. 4 (L. Sage) 105'lt ... 9 I^6 1 «1 6 2 Wrlyht 1O '1©
5952 Soundly, a (Humes & Co.) 102 9 ... »*\u2666Sti S 3 72% Radtke 7-2 7-2
8952 Classis. a (W. H. Parker) 10.110 ... 6b J 47 S S ! T. St«wart. CO ao
5948 Bearhunter. 3 (R. R. Rice Jr.) 97i8 ... 81 92 92 98 Rice 30 6©
£252 Plckaway 5 (A. J. Jackson).. 107 6 ... 10 1010 4105 10 6 Xnapp 4 I^-1!
6568 IQulzz 11. a (Alameda Stable).. 105 7 ... U 1311 1011 1011 10 T. Clark 3» 50
(Marie H. 3 (Murry '& Co.) |ICO|I2 ...12 12 12 12 H. Smith. .. SO 13
Time— :23%. :49Vi, 1:02. At post \V» minute.. Oft at 3:ls^i. ReeA place. 4-6: show. 1-8.
Titus, place 5; show. 5-2. Bucolic, show. i. Winner, eh. gr.. by Captive-Misa Oentry.
Trained by J. H. Brannon. Scratchsd— Oeorge P. McXear. David Boland. Start ffood.
Won all drivingr. Highest price — Reed. 11-5, Masedo 12, Pilsrlm 12. Soundly 4. Plck
away 7, Qulzz II 100. Bell Reed had speed and stood a long drive. With stronger rld
lrg Titus could have won. Bucolic wouM have outstayed both leaders at a longer rout»
Ethel Barryrnore ran a nice race. Mas?dc badly cut off on stretch turn by Bucolic!
Young Pilgrim did well from where he got away. Soundly a disappointment. Plckaway
off poorly. > - _; .
SU92. SIXTH RACE— I 1-16 miles, selling: three-year-olds and up: value to first. $323.
Index} Horse and Owner. J2^i St ' * *** *' Str> Fln - I Jock<sv - ' Op. Cl.
(8912)! Northwest. 4 (W. Hawke) .flOl 4 8 1!42 311 Itj 1 H iFountaln ..l" 8-5 H_j
5961 Gateway, 4 (E. E. Burnett) .. 106 82n 3 2 3 2'i2 12 7 Robinson ..I 3 13-2
BWR Gloomy Gus, 3 (Zimrner) (106 5 4 2^4 3tj4 2'i4 2 3 1 Loagu* to «
5»72 San Prlmo. 3 (Keene 8r05.)... 100 1 14 11 22 33 424 Radtk-» 3-2 S-2
8932 Hugh McGowan, 4 <Rowell).. 01' 2 5 I^s iur. 10 5 15 5 25 iSamly 7 in
SO6B Ink, 5 (Lamasney Bros.) 10117 7 7 B 11J6 36 7 Graham ... 2O 6O
S9ol Jog Ross. 4 (Del Monta Stable)! 93, 15 6 1 6n 7 7 7 [J. J. Walsh SO 200
Time— :24. :4»i&. 1:1 C 1:42 U. 1:49. At post % minute. Off at 4:19^. Northwest i>lac»
7-10: show. 1-3. Gateway, place, 9-5: show, 4-5. Gloomy Gus. show. 1. Winner b"
m., by Montana-Nina M. Trained by W. H. Hawke. Good start. Won all driv'lnc
Highest price— Primo 17-10, McGowan 12. Northwest lost ground on stretch turn and
was hard pressed at finish by Gateway. Latter a hard luck horse. Gloomy Gus should
wlr. soon, for he is fit. San Primo did not lock good and was all in when headed for
home. Hugh McGowan requires strong handling. Ink outclassed. Saddle on Joe Ross
turned.
FOOTBALL GAME
IS DISCUSSED
College - Authorities Offer
Suggestions to Improve
the • Gridiron Sport
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 23.— The circu
lar sent out recently by the University of
Pennsylvania, through its committee on
athletics, with the view of systematizing
football rules, has brought a large num
ber of replies, many of them from repre
sentative State universities, and a still
greater number from colleges and schools.
In the circular the Important questions
were: \u25a0
1. The possible adoption of a simple and
uniform eligibility code to avoid unseemly
squabbles between institutions.
*2. The elimination of brutal and foul
play.
S. The change of "playing rule 3 to min
imize danger."
The suggestions contained in the replies
to the circular have been referred to the
rules committee of the Athletic. Associa
tion of the University of Pennsylvania.
Unreserved .approval of the increase In
the penalties proposed for brutality and
foul play were expressed on a large ma
jority of the replies and approved with
certain modifications In nearly all of the
remainder. As a whole tho eligibility rul«
was cordially commended In more than
three-fourths of the replies.
The replies so far received Indicate a
widespread interest in the subject and are
regarded as an Indication of the desire
among universities and colleges to reach
an agreement regarding college sport.
The desirability of the cultivation of the
jpirit described by President Roosevelt to
Dr. William M. White, chairman of the
athletic committee of the University of
Pennsylvania as that . which underlies
,igreemetJts In sports, is emphasized in the
replies. Answers containing assurances
of approval or valuableSa-iticism are ar
riving in large numbers. A further report
will.b e made in the new year.
Opeuiuß of the Polo Season.
There will.be a polo game on Caro
lan'3 field, Burlingame, this afternoon
beginning at 2:30 o'clock. The players
will be as follows: Red — P. D. Martin.
Captain Seymour. R. M. Tobin and "Yv!
S. Hobart; White — P. Clagstone, C. R
Tobin, T. A. Driscoll and Major Buck
ley Johnson; timekeeper, C. ii Water
bury; umpire, tt. F. licCrswy,
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
PRISON GATES OPEN
FOR INNOCENT MAN
Convict Freed % Mnrderers
Tardy Confession Leaves
San Quentin.
BAN QUENTIN. Dec. 23,-Thoma. Wa
shoe Keller, an Innocent man who tared
nearly fourteen yews In San Qm-ntin
Prison for a crime which Frank Woods
tho murderer of Officer Robinson of San
Francisco, acknowledged when he jaw
that his execution was certain, walkol
out of the prison this afternoon a trw
man. He will spend the evening with
Charles Montgomery, president of th<>
California Prison Commission, the man
who ha 3 taken an active Interest in his
case and who will aid him in the future.
>V hen Captain of the Yard Henry Harri
son received word from Warden Tomp
klns at 3 o'clock this afternoon he sent
for Kelley and told him that his pardon
had come and that he was at liberty
when he chose to ro. Kelley said: "I
will leave this afternoon. \t lam too l3t<
for a 'bus I will walk to San Rafael ami
take a train from there. Nearly four
teen years here among hardened criminals
is all I want, and I do not car» to stay a
day longer than I can possibly help. 1
thank you. captain, for the kind Interest
you have taken in my case and I appre
ciate It. I assure you. I am ready to go
now, captain, und anxious to leave th»
Drison bars behind m«. ••
AI>\'[ERTISt3IE^TS ;
SAPPH= T 7^
DIAMOND
MOST TALKED ABOUT of'au. MOD
EHS EVVEXTIOXS.
You see them every day and call them
genuine. Many have paid the nrU. J
the real, and after years find th/y L% '
h a a m r o d nT S " "^TtIZ
This wonderful gem ia the only prod-
uct ever known to science to hive the
same high polish, perfect * n t. n,< f £id
brilliancy of natures real gem. •
Positively set only in solid 14-karat
\u25a0olid cold mountings.
On exhibition and sale (electric lichta
dK n mSnd 8 , ary £ ??* by Sld * "with rwl^V
Worlds Greatest Diamond Imitator.
JOHN C. DAVIDSON
(Es elusive "Western Palace.)
I 134 Kearay g u tarn, Fx U «i.««, CteLFIELD TRIAL STAKES GIVE
PROMISE OF GREAT SPORT
•Coming Meeting at Bakersfield
Attracts Splendid Entry.
\u25a0 QUAIL ARE REPORTED PLENTIFUL
The sportsmen who enjoy a day afield
Bhootir.j,' over a well broken setter or
pointer are eagerly looking forward to
the fortnecmir^ trials to be held at Bak
crsfieM :n January by the Pacific Coast
FitM Trials Club. Conditions are un
usu&Uy favorable, as Quail were never j
mere plentiful.
The trials are expected to surpass both j
in eniries and in attendance any held this
season in the United States or In Canada,
With, the possible exception of one. The
entries for the Derby follow:
ENGLISH SETTERS.
J. W. RlpUnger's white and black bitch
Cynthia Stylish S*argeant-Ch. Pera), '
whelped July 2i', ISM; owner, breeder.
H. A. Jones' white, black and tan dog
Montauk J. ißruce-Juna H;, whelped
-'April l lo. ;k*4; owner, breeder.
Joseph H. Tony's white and black bitch
(unnamed >, <.Drake Wind'eai-iiary L«ou).
,'whtltied June I*. 1S04; owner, breeder,
Jo.=tph C. Terry> white and black bitch
(tDmkmed); .-ume breeding. Joseph E.
Terry's •rhlte. black and tan bitch (un
jiaKir^ i : t-an:<? breeding. Joseph EX Ter
ra's w!.::e ;:r.i orange bitch Bessie Morti
ttfr tKilgartf-ilagg^ie F). whelped April
t, IS-A; r. D. LJnville. breeder! Joseph EL
lenry*a White and orange bUch Merry
Uuihtss (Fairyland Dude Mcrr>' Hart),
•rbelped July 30, 1S04; Charles N. Post,
is» rarnrr.to, breeder. Joseph E. Terry's
»ii::te arid tlack bitch (.unnamed), (Kil
tarif-Belie of the Eali). whelped 1S04; H.
£. J-lurnphreys, Indianapolis. I nd., breeder.
; Jiugh Hopkins' chestnut and white
bitch ,\unt Marie (Uncle E-Sport*s
Uolle), wiifilped January 3, 1S04; H. K.
I-dt\arOs, Lrecdtr.
S. Chriprer.son's black, white and tan i
doff Goliath (Kiljrarifr-Mapgrie F), I
whelped. April S.%XSOI;?P, V. Linvillo,
l;r*f.l^r.
Charles N". Post's orange and white
b!*cli Suuburst. Dude-Merry
i^.;.rt», vrbelpcd July 30. 1904 i owner,
breeder. Charles X. Post's white, black
•;nd tan bltcfa Ligrlit Heart (Fairland
i' •ic-Mtrry Htart).
\u25a0'.. EL Stone's black, white and. tan
dog Sarclsse <Fa:rlan<3 Dude-Merry
Heart >. whelped July 30. l»04; C. N.
P< .-;. brc-edcr.
AU'»:t :i-:z's blcck. vhJte And tan
vcjr Merry Dude (Fairland Dude-Merry
•\u25a0;... rti. wtclped July 30, 1904; C. N.
X^ott, br«oder.
Mtc <-'. IZ. Wilson's white, black and
t^n dos Kncinal (Clipper W-Rod'B Syl
via), whelped September S. 1004; Dr.
«'. I* Wilson. Ross, breeder. Mrs. C E.
SVUson'e v.-hilo, black and tan dog Sour
Jack; ntme breeding.
•». TT. Consldine's blue belton bitch
Jlisr? Hap (C»unt Rowdy-Roxane).
vbelped September 23, 1S04; owner,
bree«leT. J. W. Consldinp's white and
l».». k bitch J-ady's Count Gladstone
Jessie RoiirieJd Galore iCount Kowdy
*io»:s.ne), wholped September 23, 1904;
twr.er, breeder.
J. E. Lucas' black, -white and tan dog
Uncle Dudley <Count Whitestonc-
Couct's May Helle), whelped May IT.
1S04; TVhite & Peebles, breeders.
• W. W. Van Axsd&le'a wnite and
crar.ge dog Mendocino (Uncle B-Count's
Oift). whrlped August ii, 1904: owoer.
?;r«-eder. \V. W. Van Arsdalc's white
»r.tj orange bitch Jladcra; same breed
*::^r. \V. "CT". Van Arsdales . white and
• range hitch Pima (McCloud Boy
reach Mark II ). whelped July 20, l? 04;
owner, breezier.
IRIFH SETTERS.
Paul Pieper's red Irish setter Lady
Elcho II <.Ch. Fred Elcho-Mlso Lady
FSngrlafs II). whelped April 25. 1904;
George E. Walter, Rushville, DL,
treeder.
POrXTERS.
\V. B. Coutts' !!ver and white dog Tod
Sloan (Bolin's Duke-Whisper), whelped
.'uly 19. ISG4; owner, breeder.
V.'. W. Van Ars>dalc-'s white and liver
.bitch! Sonoma (Dr. Daniels-Babe Jingo),
-*v helped January 13, 19*33; owner, breeder.
P. H. Jermvn's white and black dog
Itaffl-s «.Ch. Senator P-M!ss Rap),
v. helped July 22. ISO*; J. W. Flynn, San
Francisco, breeder.
John Erikson's white and black dog Sen
jitor's Jack (Ch. Senator P-Miss Rap)
whelped July 23, 1004; J. W. .Flynn, breed
• r.
J. W. Flynn's b!ack and white bitch
May (Ch. Senator P-Mis* Rap), whelped
July r3. UOi; owner, breeder. J. W.
>*lvnh's white and orange dog Senator's
Den <Ch. Senator P-FlyiuTe Dolly Jingo),
wholncd May 13, li<o4; owner, breeder. J.
TV. Flynn s white and lemon bitch Dollie;
earne breeding.
F. G. Schumacher's lemon and white
t>:tch Lady Belle (Teddy Kent-Jack's
Fashion), whelped May 20, 1»4; W. J.
Slorris. L<* Angeles, breeder.
\V. J. Morri*' white, liver and ticked
Jjitch Xavajo <T<?ddy Kent-Jack's Fash
tcn). whelped May 20, 1504; owner, breed
er.
Stocfcdale Kernels' liver and white dog
Combination Boy (Cuba Jr.-Bow'a Daugh
iiT), %nelp«d Mitrch 1, 1904; owner, breed
er. Stockdale Kennels' liver and tan dog
OaJtucod (Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-Petron
ellal. whelped May 1, 1904; owner, breeder.
Etockdale Kenr.ele' white and liver dog
Hay wood; Fame breeding. Stock<!a!e Ken
nels' liver and white bitch Cypresswood;
e&me breeding. Stockdale Kennels* white
end liver <3cg Hickorywood (Ch. Cuba of
Kenwood-Petronellaj, wheiped May 1.
IS-J4; fctockdale Kennels, breeder.
The entries for the all-age stake fol
low:
SETTERS.
T. J. Wattson's (San Francisco)
orange «id white dog Star's Rod (Star
light W-Rod's Sylvia), whelped April
J£, 3 302, B. J. Saum. San Francisco,
breeder.
John H- Schumacher's (Los Angeles)
Mack and white dog Sir Roderick (De
troit Joe-Dolores), whelped May 19, ,
2&03; owner, brot-der.
William Dormer's (Oakland) black,
vhite and tan dog Mariposa (Detroit
Joe-Countess Mark), whelped March — .
Xf«o2; W. W. Van Arsdale. breeder.
S. Christenson's (San' Francisco)
tlack, white and tan bitch Belle Fon
tatne fCount Whitestone-Gracie Glad-
"Far «*er nine years I «t»ff*r«< with cfc'of'* co«-
»\u25a0 . »•„.\u25a0 c *-'i Marine tfcts time I t>»4 «o take \u25a0«
. \u25a0*. "\u25a0 l '. r. Nt <r ana water ot > » r**t<r t* tcum befor*
• \u25a0 .'..'i Kiitu arf.oo <>o tar bowel*. Happily I
«- -'i < '» arru. and today I am • •*"> icao.
Pcriac the ame y*rt before I o»*4 Ca»c*rrt* I
.-. "*rrti «i D f>:4 r '»• rr witb irf n.al piles. Thank*
v- ; • » l am frcr fr»m all that ttu* saorsicc- Vc«
cas w«e tui* in tw !.».C ol « r»r:n« hnmaniir.**
U r. Miter. Jtaaeok*. 111.
>\ F!e*««et. Palatable. Potent. Ta*t«Oood. DoOood.
Kerer Elckea. We.Un or 'irlpw. tte. lie. «Oe. Ke»ef
•old IB talk.. Tim ceaume tablet (ttmfwd CCa
vßsxsntcea to curs or yoor isoDer taclu
Sterlicg Remedy Co., Cbicaco or N.Y. 60)
WEUiLSiU, TEI KiLUOM BOSS
stone), whelped May — , 1902; Frank
Jacque, Humboliit, lowa, breeder. Same
owner's white, black and tan bitch Del
Rey Belle Bell Boy-Coun
tess Mark), whelped October 21, 1903;
W. W. Va;i ArsJale, breeder.
John A. Peebles' (Seattle) lemon and
white dog Uncle Jimmie (Whitestone-
Sport's iiay Belle).
W. W. Van Arsiialo's (San Francisco)
white and orange bitch Count's Gift
(Count'v Murk-Verona School Girl),
whelped April 10, 1902; owner, breeder.
j Same owners white, black and tan dog
i Calaveras (California Bell 3oy-Peach
! Blossom), whelped August 22. 1002;
owner, breeder. Same owner's white,
black and tan bitch Avalon (same
breeding). Same owner's white, black
and tan bitch Keepsake (.same breed
ing.) Some owner's white, black and
tan dog McCloucl Boy (Tony Boy-Sadie
Hopkins), whelped December 25, 1S00;
Hugh Hopkins, Minturn, Cai., breeder.
E. H. Cox's (Mudera, Cal.) white,
black and tan bitch Countess Lou
(Count's Mark-Mary Lou), whelped
September 4, 1902; J. E. Terry, Sacra
mento, breeder.
J. E. Tenys (Sacramento) black,
white and tan dog Kilg-arif (Orion-
Mary Lou), whelped July 28. 1901;
owner, breeder. Same owner's white
and orange dog Romp (Orion-Terry's
Lady), whelped July 25, 1903; owner,
breeder. Same owner's white, black
and tan dog Kenwood (Kilgarif-lona
S), whelped June 22, 1S03; owner,
breeder. Same owner's white, black
and tan bitch Dainty (Count White
stone-Mecca's Lady), whelped July 13,
t l9u3; W. W. Titus, West Point, Miss.,
breeder.
J. W. Considtne's (Seattle) black,
white and tan bitch Policy Girl (Dave
Earl-Top's Queen).
POINTERS.
J. W. Flynn's (San Francisco) liver
and white bitch Sabine's Molly
(Sabine's Rip Rap-Fannie Coin),
whelped April 26, 1903; George Diemers,
breeder.
John E. Lucas' (San Rafael) liver and
white, bitch Chiquita (Dr. Daniels-Fan
Go), whelped May 17, 1903; Mount View
Kennels, San Rafael, breeder.
Stockdale Kennel's (Bakersfield) liver
and white dog Cuba Jr. (Ch. Cuba of
Kenwood-Florida), whelped March 13,
1593; owner, breeder. Same owner's
white and black bitch Midget 'Guba's
Zep- Jingoes Bagpipe), whelped Novem
ber 1, 1301; owner, breeder. Same.won
er's iiver, white and tan bitch IvywooS
(Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-Petronella),
whelped January 22, 1S03; owner,
breeder. Same owner's white and liver
dog- Checkmate <Cuba Jr.-Bow's Daugh
ter), whelped August 1. 1903; owner,
breeder. Same owiier's black and white
dog Cuba's Jap (Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-
Winnipeg Fly), whelped May 13, 1903;
owner, breeder.
LITTLE SIGEL WEBB INJURED
BY A SHTER-STHEET CAR
Son of Attorney General MeetM With
Accident That .Might Have
Been Fatal.
•Sigel Webb, tho eight-year-old son of
Attorney General U. S. Webb, was run
down and painfully hurt yesterday aft
ernoon on Sutter street, in front of the
Mount Zion Hospital. The lad was
playing on the street and tried to run
across the street behind an inbound
car. He was struck and thrown to the
ground by a vehicle of the same line
going in the opposite direction.
Sigel left his home at 246$ Bush
street shortly after 2 o'clock to go out
an.l play. He got down on to Sutter
street, where he romped about the
street. While chasing another lad of
his age. the boy passed behind the cable
car, but did not see the one approach
ing from the other direction. He was
struck and thrown to the ground. The
car was Quickly brought to a stop and
the lad carried into the Mount Zion
Hospital, where he was treated by Dr.
Rosenstirn. He was found to be pain
fully bruised and lacerated, but hud no
broken bones.
The boy was taken to his home,
where he will ha confined to his bed
over Christmas.
WOMAA CAUGHT I> STORE
• WITH VARIETY* OF" GOODS
Mrs. Minnie Stuart llaa Two Valtses
Full of Vurtous Articles When
Searched at the I'rl»on.
Mrs. Minnie Stuart, who gives her
address as 100«B Golden Gate avenue,
was acting suspiciously In Roos Broth
ers* store last night when seen by a
member of the lirra. He notified Turn
key Murphy of the County Jail and the
latter took the woman to the City
Prison, where a. charge of petty lar
ceny was lodged against her.
Mrs. Stuart had two valises well filled
with various articles she is alleged to
have picked up aal along the line.
Among others were about twenty pairs
of stockings, which made quite a dis
play as they were hung up on the bars
of her celL The police think they* will
hear more about the doings of the wo
man in a short time.
Woman Reported slia«lnsr<
Mrs. G. Markowitz, lh± Bowie street,
reported to the police yesterday that
Mrs. Katherine Goodman of Lakeport,
who had been visiting in this city, dis
appeared yesterday morning and has
nut been heard from 3ince. Mrs. Alarko
witz says Mrs. Goodman was rooming
at her house and when she left ne
glected to take with her any of her be
longings.
CHICAGO EDUCATORS START
.. FIGHT AGAIXST TUBERCULOSIS
AH Victim* of the Dread Disease Are
to 12e Excluded From the
Public schools.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23. — The school man
agement committee of the Board of
Education yesterday took a hand in
the fight to stamp, out tuberculosis In
Chicago and to prevent its spread in
the public schoolrooms by adopting,
without a dissenting vote, a resolu
tion calling for the appointment of a
committee to draft a rule providing
for the exclusion from th» public
schools of all victims of the disease.
The committee was also empowered
to prepare a plan for the medical ex
amination of all "suspicious" pupils.
with a view to determining whether
or not they should be denied seats in
the schoolroom.
Tuberculosis was held to be as In
fectious aa smallpox, scarlet fever, or
diphtheria.
Edncator'a Wife Dead.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 23. — Mrs. Clara M.
Herre. wife of Professor Albert C.
Herre. teacher of biology in the San
Jo«e High School, died last night after
a brief illness. Death was caused by
heart failure, resulting from a severe
attack of pneumonia. Mrs. Herre was
a native of Springfield, HI. She is sur
vived by a husband and five children.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
BRITISH NATION
IN GRAVE PERIL
fiev. Hubert Handley Sajs
People Must Learn
to Lead x the Simple Life
APPEALS TO THE KING
Declares That Edward Must
Set His Subjects Good Ex
ample or Ruin Will Come
Sj>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— According to a com
mittee composed of some of the most in
liuential local representatives of the peo
ple in the London district of St. Pancraa
King Edward will have to stop motoring,
horse racing, smoking and other things
which the sovereign has hitherto indulged
in. If he wishes to keep the British na
tion from going to the "demnition bow
wows" ho will have to lead the simple
life and try to induce other rich people
to do likewise.
A strongly worded address has been
prepared for his Majesty's benefit by the
Rev. Hubert Handley, the well-known
vicar of St. Pancras, and seconded by
the president of the famous Passmore
Edwards Settlement.
The King was asked to use his influence
"and personal example" to reform the
1 richer section of society, and the distress
committee 'protested "with all the fervor
and depth of their patriotism against the
luxury, excessive love of pleasure and in
; ordinate attention to sport of the rich."
As the resolution has not yet been.. pre-
I sented to the King owing to some dis
! sentient voices, who objected to its exact
wording, the Rev. Hubert Handley, the
instigator of the movement, was inter
viewed at his home in London.
ASKS AID OF KING.
"T^ie movement we inaugurated," said
the Rev. Mr. Handley, "was not directed
particularly against the King, save as the
leader of the wealthy social class in Eng
land, among which class, I must admit,
the pursuit of pleasure is growing more
absorbing daily. We feel that if the King
wcjild lend his countenance to our efforts
it would have an Immense and far-reach
ing Influence on all these people, who to
day are • leading perfectly empty exist
ences—tearing about the country in .motor
cars, with no object save pleasure; devas
tating whole tracts of fine agricultural
districts in Scotland for no other purpose
than keeping; them as game preserves;
yaching, theaters and amusements — lead
ing, in fact, an absolutely vapid life."
•/Could you give any instances of par
; ticular persons who live this way?" Was
; asked.
i "Without naming any one in particu
lar," replied the Rev. Mr. Handley, "1
know that there are a number of men
in England with, annual incomes of, say,
5500.C00, out of which they spend $350,000
on nothing else but pleasures such as 1
have mentioned." \u2666
"But what should* these people do
does not the spending of their money
benefit the community at large?" was
asked.
"The spending of .vast sums .in. .mere
pleasure does not benefit the community
at large, as has been shown by such econ
omists as John Stuart Mill, and others., If
one man employs labor to nil the soil
! and the other employs the same labor
merely to dig- a. hole and flll.it. up,, the
; labor In one case is wasted, while in the
other it Is beneficial. .•: /.
GREAT CHANGE XECESSAItY.
"What we contend," continued Mr.
Handley, "Is that people with $100,000 a
rear Income should live on $5000 a year
and that the rest of their time and
money should go to philanthropic and
patriotic work of some kind — serving on
local governing boards or in charitable
institutions and so forth. The life and
labor of the rich man. are demanded by
his country, and no man has a right to
squander his time and wealth as he
pleases. He has merely the right to
spend as much as would keep him in
health and enable him to properly dis
charge the duties he owes to the nation.
If the rich man with $350,000 spent on
himself were to spend nearly the whole
of this money on benefiting, uplifting and
helping his fellow man, what a great
change Jt would bring about In the fate
of our country.
"With our whole nation suffering from
terrible social disorders and with our in
stitutions of learning crying for aid, is it
right for these people to go on living as
if life were an empty dream?"
"But how Is this wonderful change to
be brought about?" was asked.
"The man himself— the rich spend
thrift." replied the vicar, "must be con
verted. He must see that the danger
of England is the danger of other great
prosperous empires in their prime. These
wealthy men must be brought to see the
uselessness of their existence. The rich
man must set his teeth and clench his
hands and, as the saying goes, decide to
'burn what he. adored and adore what he
burned.' The rich must begin to lead
simple lives— they must sacrifice them
selves to cave the. nation."
"But would you expect rich men to'
give up everything— their clubs, horses
and all their amusements?"
3VATIOX NOW FACES RUIX.
"No set rules can be laid down," was
the reply, "but only the principle must
be admitted that, at the present day,
the rich in this country are throwing
themselves more and more into the vor
tex of pleasure, and they should be
brought to a stand, call a halt and see
where It Is leading them. It means ruin,
both for themselves and for the nation."
"But are there not certain rich men in
England who are already leading simple
lives?"
"There have been a few," was admit
ted, "but it must be general. If the rich
people would only Imitate the late Lord
Leigh, Lord Lieutenant of Warwickshire.
With an income of about $200,000 a year,
he practically gave up his whole life to
the good of his district. He took an In
terest in all educational and poor work,
visited the prisons, Interested himself In
the hospitals and, in fact, was .{he life
and soul of the country. His influence is
f elf there to-day, though he himself has
passed away.
"If these rich -people, instead of wast
ing their precious life In* hollow mock
eries, would take a vital interest in the
affairs of their fellow men, how much
happier they would be themselves.
"It Is for this reason that our commit
tee has decided to appeal directly to the
: rich to leave their extravagant ways
and to give up both their lives and their
wealth to the good of their fellow men.
We cannot but feel that we shall reach
many, and we are confident , the con
science of the rich In England can be
reached and will awaken to a sense- of
their duties. We hope for great things
from this movement.": , r
D'Annunzlo'i* Marriage Holds.
ROME. Dec. 23. — Advices from Switz
erland are to the effect that the Federal
Council has rejected the application . of
Gabriele d'Annunzio, the 1 dramatist, for
annulment of his marriage with the
former. Princess dl Gallese. It has been
rumored for some time that D'Annunzio
desired a separation \u25a0" from his wife ', In
order that he might marry the Marquise
di Carlotti, a daughter .of the former
Italian Premier. Marquis dl RudlnU
QUEEREST HOME
IN ALL LONDON
Architectural Monstrosity in
British Capital Offends
the Eye of -the Tourist
VARIED DECORATIONS
Emblems of All Sorts Which
Concern Family Genealogy
Cover Exterior of House
Special Dispatch to The Call:
LONDON, Dec. 23. — There Is no doubt
that the freakiest house In London is
that whicK Stan's at the corner of
Upper Cheyne Row and Oakley street
in Chlesa. Its owner calsl it the Cha
teau due Savenay, but locally it .is
known by the more appropriate deseg
nation of "Phene's Folly."
The street on which It fronts, Cheyne
Row, is familiar to American visitors to
the metropolis because -it contains Car
lyle's house, one of their favorite places
of pilgrimage. In the season every day/
brings several parties of them to the
place made famous as the residence of
the dyspeptic sage. After paying a fly
ing visit to the interior most of them
take photographs of the house, usually
with Mamie, Sadie or Gracie standing
on the front stoop, and then they hurry
around the corner to Upper Cheyne
Row to secure similar mementos of
Leigh Hunt's house. Generally they
snapshot the wrong one and finally are
brought up with open mouths at the
Oakley street corner by the Chateau dv
Savenay. They consult an irresponsive
Baedeker and then ask one another
what this is.
They may well ask, for it presents
one of the most curious conglomera
tions of architectural and sculptural in
congruities that ever man wasted
money on. It is backed by a wilderness
garden, which really belongs to the
eighteenth century house farther down
the Row, the one Americans usually
mistake for Leigh Hunt's house. The
entire front of the mansion, which Is
four stories high, is completely cov
ered w-ith mystic devices, angels, gar
goyles, lions, grriffons, armorial bear
ings, balustrades, columns and capitals.
No system has been followed in t.ieir
arrangement. It is a veritable night
mare medley. To add to the incongru
ity of the designs, they are painted In
the most vivid and startling colors,
j brilliant reds, bright yellows and emer
ald greens being extensively employed.
Eight large female figures form the
basis of the scheme, and between their
heads are tablets and medallions on
which are depicted snakes, elephants,
sacred bulls, ecclesiastical emblems,
gods and goddesses. On the parapet of
the house are the figures of Priam of
\ Troy and Hecuba, each of them con
fronting a huge dragon. In the center
of the front is a coat-of-arms with
quarterings of mermen, stars and dag
gers, and the motto, "Ex supero spe
pugnam."
In striking contrast to the gorgeous
front; no decorations have been at
tempted on the sides and back of the
house. The windows there are covered
with dust and -many of the panes are
broken. Nobody lives In the house and
no visitors are ever admitted to it.
Dr. Phene, the owner of the property,
lives in a house on the^opposite side of
the street. He Is an antiquarian with
a" purse long enough to permit him to
indulge In his most eccentric fancies.
Some of his ancestors at one time lived
at the Chateau dv Savenay on the
Loire.
The "Folly" represents his efforts to
engraft the outlines of it on the skele
ton of a comparatively modern house,
with additions of his own. After view
ing the copy one cannot blame the Ven
deans much for having pulled the
French chateau about the proprietor's
ears.
The doctor claims descent from the
Phoenicians and Is proud of his ancient
lineage. The house is supposed to em
body the cryptic history of the family
genealogy. Judging' by results It is
awfully tangled and It is small wonder
that Dr.' Phene never seems satisfied
that he has got things right. He is
continually making alterations. Tear
after year goes by and still the house
Is never finished. Decorations, bas-re
liefs, statues and twisted and gilded
columns are put up only to be taken
down again regardless of expense. The
only thing constant about the houee is
the weathercock which always points
due north.
The most favorable view concerning
the house was one the writer over
heard as he passed two workmen who
were discussing it. "Well," said one,
"I suppose everybody has a right to his
own fancies if he can afford 'em."
"Right," agreed the other; "right you
are, mate. An' It gives employment to
the honest workingman."
"Corpse" Aska for Pipe.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— 1t was the night
before the burial of a woman in Leices"
tershire, and two people stood by the
coffin. Suddenly they saw the "corpse"
move, and then they heard it cry out:
"Where is my pipe?" After the, first
excitement the "body" was removed
from the coffin and put to bed, and soon
after the woman sat up, cheerfully de
claring that her "smoke" j was the
sweetest she had ever had. She Is now
In good health and moving about
Orcheatra. of American Women,
PARIS, Dec. 23.— Mrs. Clinch Smith
has organized, an orchestra composed
entirely of American women, and she
gives periodical concerts in aid of ex
clusively French* charities. Her latest
object is Coquelin's home for actors.
Cynics say the orchestra is weirchosen
for social leverage. Her admirers, who
are a majority, declare the directress
has a truly Parisian soul. . *
D R . HOLSMAN&CO.
729 MARKET ST.,S.F., Top Floor. Hours, Bto 8 Dally; Sundays, 9to 12
( 3 : ; -'^jsjsss^- \u0084 '° We are Specialists for Diseases and
o*^S^i^- .Weaknesses of MEN, and MEN ONLY.
We know Just what we can do, and we
©~^iS have such rirm CoTlfl(i2ncs in our NEW
:kT'- METHODS and TREATMENT that we
a^k w . are willing to cure our patients under
Vr^ an absolute Guarantee or
{)\u25a0 — — —^— O \u25a0 \u25a0" ,\u25a0'-\u25a0 \u25a0 \
UNTIL CURED. We Mean This Host Emphatically. It Is for Too— for Ererjbodj.
o T Lost Vita!ity Restored (according to age). 14 to 60 DAYS.
LO Special Diseases (recently contracted), 4 DAYS.
e^" - VariCOCele (without an operation), 10 to 30 DAYS.
«— ' Blood Poison (no mercury ox potash), 30 to 90 DAYS. '
€^ KID *EY AND BLaUUEK JROUSLES (either acute or chronic). 15 to 40 DAYS.
-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'< CONSULTATION FREE AND INVITED. % Write.'! If ? you cannot call. AH corre-
spondence strlcUy ; confidential and : all repUea «ent to plain envelopea. .J~ . \u25a0 v
BISHOP GETS
SOME ADVICE
Emerges Plain Secretary of
Canal Board After a
Talk With the President
NOT YET COMMISSIONER
Must "Go Slow" Until the
Refractory Senate Decides
to Confirm Nomination
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BURBAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec 23.— Joseph B. Bish
op, who as press agent of the Isthmian
Canal Commission was the target of a
fire of criticism In the Senate, had a lit
tle talk with the President at the White
House to-day and later said:
"I am attending to" my duties as secre
tary of the Canal Commission, and that
is all at this time. I expect to perform
those duties until confirmed by the Senate
as an Isthmian Canal Commissioner."
There is a general feeling that it is beat
for the relations between the Senate and
the Canal Commission that Bishop's role
should be confined to that of secretary
pending action by the Senate on his nom
ination as Canal Commissioner.
Bishop seemed to be rather put out to
day at the stories generally printed that
he has already assumed the duties of a
Commissioner. These stories, in part_at
least, were caused by remarks which'he
himself made. President Roosevelt pro
poses to stand fast by Bishop, just as he
has always stood fast by his friends who
have been under fire in their official ca
pacity.
There is no doubt that the President
and Bishop to-day talked of Bishop's po
sition In the Canal Commission of
the attitude which the Senate has taken
on Bishop's duties at $10,000 a year. The
Senate Is extremely touchy Just now at
the high salaries paid in canal work. The
manner in which the nominations of the
Commissioners were confirmed aroused
the ire of the Senate to the point of re
calling the confirmation of the nomina
tions and for Bishop to assume openly
the functions of a Canal \ Commissioner
! would be equlvalent_to waving a red flag
before a bull.
MACHINE WILL SMOKE
ANY KIND OF CIGAR
Washington Officials Use a
New Contrivance to Test
Tobaccos.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec 23. — Smoking
from six to eight cigars, Including
everything from clear Havana grown
in Cinnecticut to Plttsburg "stogies" at
one and the same time Is a feature
which has prevailed at the Depart
ment of Agriculture every day.
The officials wanted to make an in
vestigation to better the dualities of
different tobaccos and were unable to
get a "smoke squad" like Chemist
Wiley's "poison squad," so the trick is
being done by a specially -Invented
machine. This machine will smoke
any old kind of a cigar and as many
of them as are furnished. It is fitted
up with a number of glass tubes, into
which fit cigars, and the draught is
given by a vacuum arrangement
caused by a Jet of water. The depart
ment has received many samples of
what is known as the "Asbestos leaf"
tobacco. This is leaf which does not
burn freely and is almost wholly
worthless as tobacco. In order to im
prove the quality. of the leaf and to se
lect the seed for future crops the ex
periments are being made.
TAFT'S PHILIPPINE
, TBIP AIDS CUPID
Engagement' Is Announced
of Two More Members
of the Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec 23. — Secretary
Taft's Philippine trip developed a sec
ond romance to-day when the engage
ment of Representative Swager Sher
ley of Louisville and Miss Mlgnon
Crltten of Staten Island, N. V., wajs
announced.
-Miss Crltten Is a friend of Miss
Roosevelt and at the latter's Invita
tion was a member of the Philippine
touring party. When Nicholas- Long
worth was showering attentions on
the President's daughter the brilliant
Kentucky Congressman did not neglect
Miss Critten.
Secretary Taft is pleased over 'the
engagements resulting from the trip.
ARHT ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Dec 23.— The follow
ing army orders have been issued: Cap
tain James B. Hutchlns, Fourth Cav
alry, now at San Francisco awaiting
transportation to the Philippines, will
report to the commanding ., general of
the Department of California for tem
porary duty until he sails on Janu
ary 25. .
The leave of absence granted to
Second Lieutenant Edward M. Zell. Sev
enth Cavalry, September 30, Philippines
division. Is extended one month and ten
days.
The leave of absence granted to First
Lieutenant Edward W. Terry, Twenty
second Infantry, August 30, Philippines
division, Is extended one month.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— Sir Halltday MacArney,
after serving as counsellor of seven Chinese
Ministers to the court of St. James, haa re
tired after forty-thre« years ln the service of
China, thirty of which he spent at the post
ha has Just vacated.
\— — - — \u25a0 1
I Weak, Puny Men I
%^ f I . \u25a0 VI j \ Sf ' t -i i * \ M . Jp*l frv^v \u25a0 j i
® s
q This is a message to men. It Is to men who want to feel like men. '
g% to look like men and act like men. This Is to men who lack courage. **
Z whose nerves are shaken, whose brains are muddled. Ideas confused. 9
2 sleep restless, confidence gone, spirits- low and easily depressed, who O
2 are backward, hesitating, unable to venture because they are afraid of Q
© failure, who want somebody to decide for them, who are weak. puny. 0
0 restless. It. is to men who have part or all of these symptoms and want q
Q new life, new force, new vigor. I offer it to you in my wonderful q
| Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt •
2 It has restored health and strength to thousands of weak men. If ©
• used as I direct it is & positive cure and cannot fail. It gives th© vital- J O
• izing power of electricity, -without burning 1 or blistering, developing- Q
© full vigor. It removes all the effects of dissipation forever. «%
& You put it on when you go to bed and sleep peacefully tinder the r%
Q influence of its warming, vitalizing power. You awake fuii of ambition, if
A with a healthy desire to tackle your day's work. Each day you gain new
X life from it and soon begin to feel yourself a man among men. Each •
X symptom of your trouble gradually disappears, strength takes the place &
2 of weakness and your life is made happy by the" restoration of your old 0
O health and vigor. Q
0 |~~ Halfmoon Bar, CaL j Casn«r, C*l. 5
O Dr. McLaurhun. Mcl^uxhUn J
• "De a r Sir: In answer to your letter - f^So monti ffi a^veVXd^ J
© will say that ln three months your \u25a0 deed to tell yoa how • much b*tte* I 9
• treatment cured me conmletely of a *««]- Th» P« la » l » my back are gcr.e
A _, and my dlsestion has srreatly lm- 3*
w severe case or varlcocele, lmpotency, proved, my kidneys are In better eoa- •
© losses and Indigestion. What more can dltlon. and as a consequence ths cause Q
© 1 say for it? It did all and more than of tbe cev*re rheumatic patru* haa -j
0 I expected, and I will K^adly recom- passed away. It is no exaggeration to A
A mend It at any time. Yours truly. say that I feel like a new man. Very *£
X JOE FITRTADO. truly yours. JOS. WHITMARK. | •
ij Wherever you are, I think I can give you the name of a man in Your 3)
Jg town that I have cured. Just send me your address and let me try. This £
© Is my twenty-fourth year In the business of pumping new vim into worn- 0
O out humanity, and I've got cures in nearly every town on the map.
O Now don't delay. Enjoy all the happiness you may in this world, a
© You can have none without health and strength. q
Q pjicc pnni/ Write me to-day '_ _^ , &%
J |-Ktt BOOK for my beautiful f— ~ M r \u0084 . TTT S
• w Illustrated book, with cuts showing Iff* M I h\C\ $\\\fl\\\T\
- how my Belt is applied, full of VI, ili. Kt* lUWLdU^Uilli sJ
5 good reading matter for men who _ _- \u25a0- , . - »_ 9
9 want to be "The Noblest Work of 906 Market. Street. q
• God"— A MAN. Inclose this coupon Abov e Ellis. San Francisco. 9
© and I will send thi3 book, sealed. «""»= *\u2666 • jj 2 _»^_ 5 $
t^k tTGQ "'~" " r *" "" •%
q CALL TO-DAY— If you can. call Plea3e send me your book, free. g
« and see me and I -will show you f*
2 how you caa be cured and give you v»\rc *
2 a free test of my Belt CONSUL- 9
O TATION FREE O
• Oflice Hours: 8 a.m. to Bp. m. ADDRESS , P
0 Sundays, 10 to 1. ' 5
RUPTURE
Cared Wit hoot the Vme of Knife or Pain
or Delay from Work.
First — We will leave a'l
1 ""^.Tiiamif cion *y» ln ta« BANK ua
49\J»^r i(nx are enred.
Jl IreUR Second — W« . will guar-
antee a perfect cure »n
j^z^S&i^L VtWt from two to eight weeks.
K^o^ 4^T Third— You will not b*
V*i JZ.*« prevented from working,
V IG&A&f \u25a0 but owing to th» fa;;:
\r/T/fC^\. **** we caa treat you
V/ / V^v of tener we can cure yoa
1/ t tU\ ln one weelc lf TOU *" 1
111 f / \u2666]/ &. prepared to remain quiet. \u25a0
11. \ f§. AiIJX F O r th« coryrentecce 01
many we will accept weekly payment*. Now
Is the' time to give ns a trial and be curco.
We have cured thcu«ands; w« can cure you.
Our methods are th« same aa practiced by tie
celebrated rupture st*c"allsts Dr. G. D. Al-
bilght of Philadelphia. Pa.. Dr. Lewla of St.
Louis. Ma. and other leading rupture special-
'^eoenPtesTSonUls: EMMIT BAKER. Mfl
Market St.: SAM PLATT. 1 Grant aye. : P.
CHRISTENSEN 312 Eddy St.; FRITZ AN-
DREAS. 625 Clay st.: O. A. FREMAN. Moun-
tain View. Call cr write for full detail*.
Honn, 9:SO a. m. t» 9 P. m.; Sunday, 10 to L
GUARANTEE RUPTURE CURE CO.,
00€ Market St.. 9or. EJHa.
MEN
K^^feQ DR. HALL f S REINVIGORATOP.
\u25a0 gHI t-ey stops all losses and unnatural dis--.
I charge* ln 24 hours. You feel aa
i k-?5 PSTI Improvement' from the first dose.
f "y*3 WfVll We have so mucn cor.C.Jance in our
H'l'A ' it'rj treatment that we offer Five Hun-
• ''.it Q &*•\u25a0\u25a0 dred reward for any case we can-
VsQp>»:i%?. not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions; wasted organs,
varlcocele, gleet, strictures, kidneys, falling
memory, drains In the urine, gonorrhea, dis-
ease, of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self -abuse cr excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
', the wont cases ln old or young ot that morti-
fying condition, quickness of discbarge, and
wanting to do, and you can't. Sent sealed, $2
per bottle; 3 bottles, f 3. Guaranteed curs any
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
Also for sale at 1073% Market st.. S. F. Send
I for tr*» book. -
A visit DR. JORDAN'S gkeat 4
iMOSEUa OF ANATOfSYt
A Ch IIHXUUTIT.ktItMTtU-ff-CaLl
X Hr ItalM»«« Uu»«laU« T
A 'jL- Wwl*. Vutinw at «»r »«*»i<« 4
A st-.; jSI S^mUUu «b U» Out. Eh-Mjuii. *
4 ivs&fft cs - -iaSOAH-DISEASES 0' MEN a
\ V tf?W%B O»n»i!t»tl»o trw tad itrtotty priTM% \
5 I »%f i Tr»«t»t«t p«r».»»:lj »r fey Utt«. A A
ff I UU T aABRI*CIC. UIiLD »U. 'At
\ &. jg- »i!i«i:ti»»taan».) . , |
f X»K. IoBDAIf A C»« 1051 Marktt BL.B. T. f
-»<aw^s>^^^a^tt>*»V^av^»^^-^»^^-^v»
®. Old Remedy. S"tm farm.
SEVER KXOWX TO FAIt.
Tarrant's Eztraet of Cnbebs and
OP * CAPSULES.
The tattfUtt, cmet and Vtorough em
for (imple and contatrlous vajrinal and
nrethra! dtscharset. E**y to uke. con-
venient to carry. Flfiy years' soeeMS-
tul w. I'nc«Si.al
Joy's. 487 Kearny St.; Grant Drug Co.. 33
Third st. : The Owl Drug Co.'s stores. 1123 Mar-
ket St.. 21 Turk St., 80 Geary St.; Zeh's. 1228
Market St.. San Francisco, or by mall from
The Tarrant Co.. 44 Hudson at.. New York.
m CHtCHESTER*S CNOLISM
fEHRVRpYAL, PILLS
f-ti tf^M. *" CHICHJESTER'S KNGUSH
fa^liS^^Kk >a RED *el WoU metaUla tuo •»»:\u25ba!
S-V — ,'«*3'»«UfclMriSWa. T»Ve»»otfc»r. R«r«Mi
•M •*% **3 P«a«cr*Ba »• V«tl io U .e . >\u25a0 4 lm li—
L Ig mum* fcr P.rtlf Q(«r». ThU»«I«U
MEHANDWOMEFI.
\u25a0 /SSi»OTß2g^^ Ct«BlgOforaan»t=rai
/^^Srta Ito 6 ian/Sf dlpebargM.loSaximatlaos.
£^Si 7 O%mnaU*A « irriUlloa* or clcertlM»*«
eS¥ MMatMoi. of naeoit n«mbraa*a>
E*-^| ruiMti c»wc<mi. - ralalata, aad not Mtria*
K?«IrritEUM3CKE>I!C*LC3. f«nt or »ol»oaont
«k«juuti,o.E^ \u25a0oiaar»Tß*Ttei«.
«.&*. jS&T OT «•\u25a0* !*! * » I * >l *wtap»a».
2«g»w by «»w» prtjald, IM
ißggltoMggiPal 2lM.«:tte«U«at.rk
* C-ssvlacMUttt wi*
'J^^Eveiy Woman
iSPSM^VVA »»fc»«erssx*l aad thooW know
fcffiifSuWiS&u'fl M/WiV^'- Whirling Spray
l<k jtmr drati ! it ftr tt." f*&, \u0084-^~"^~*^ '.
Jliliyi.U accept no -^S-^v—
otUer, be? s«3<l tuunn toe ">ix J^ifrZyZ
IllHsOrarM b.wk-w»W it t^ T9% \V / ''#if
fall parUeolan Sid >liTr*~:n%,i£. tf f ?
«« r. vsi fT^sl-Tv *..,«'••
_- OCIJAA' TRAVEJL
eSteainera lear* PUra 9
aad 11. San Franciaoo.
For Ketchikan. Wrans?!.
Juneau. Treadwell. Haine«.
Skigway. etc. Alaska— ll a.
m.. Dec. 21. 28. 31. Jan. 3.
Change to this company*
steamers at Seattle.
>rj«s r v>" For Victoria. Vasocnver.
Pert Towasend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Anacorte*. South E«Utngham.
BeHinsham— ll a. m.. Dec. 21. W. 31. Jan. 3.
Change at Seattle to tMs company's »Mm*-i
for Alaska and G. X. Ry., at Seattle or T%-
corr.a to ?J. P. Ry.; at Tancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Rnmboldt Bay) — Pomoca. 1:3)
p. m.. Dec. ?S, 31. Jan. 6: - Corona. 1:30
p. m., Dec 22, 79. Jan. 3.
For Los Anseles (via Port Los Angles aad
Redoedo). San Dle*o and Santa. Barbara, —
; Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. in.
Fcr Loa Anxelea (v!a San Pedro aad East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harfort (San
liols • Obtspo). Ventura and Huenem« —
Coos Bay. 9 a. m-. Dec. 24. Jan. 1.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Ccc 20. 23. Jan. 5.
For Ensfnada. Masdalcna Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th eacn month.'
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Braacn 1906— Tha
palatial Alaska excurrton steamship SPOKANE
will leave Tacoras, Seattle and Victoria Jun»
7. 21. July fl. 20. Ansvrt t.
For nrrther information obtain folder. RJ jht
is reserved t» chanc* steamers or sailtny dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery st
(Palac» Hotel). 10 Harfcst st. and Broadway
wharvas- Freight Office — 10 Market st.
Oakland— os 2 Broadway. \u25a0- _ .
C D. DfJNANN." General Passen jer Acent.
. • \u25a0 io Market st.. Saa Francisco.
TOYO'EISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, comer 1 First and
Brannan streets. . 1 p. m.. fcr Tofcoharn» and
Hor.«keßr. calllns at Honolulu. Kob« (Elaco),
Najrlsakt and STiftnfsa!. and connecting at
Honckons with steamers for India, etc. M»
cargo received on board on day of satUrsj. • _^
S. S.. "America Mam." Monday. Jan. 29. 190«
S. S. "Nlppon_Mara." Tuesday. Feb. 2a 19M
S S. "Hongkong Jlare."Thurs<Jar. ifar.ls, 130«
Rocnd-triP tlcke» at reduced rates.
For freight-arid pasaag* apply at «mpa.BT»
office, seventh" floor. Merchants* Exchange. . •-.
W> Hi AVERT, Ag»t. Oeiyra> Manager.
occaaics.s.c©. skkss
S S MXRIPOSA. for Tahiti/ Dec. 2i». 11 a. m.
S." S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 4. 2 p. m.
S. S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Saturday.
January 13. 11 a. m.
I. D. SPHICKELS k EE3S. CO., ifli Bdßt OSes 5i3
K3I&L FISIOI (MC3 327 Mai^si St., PIST 1 PasiSs SL
Compatnile G#B«rale Tran«ntlantlane.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3 ,
oaiUng everj- Thursday lnjtead ol <r -->?-V!g
Saturday. 10 a. • m., from ?i*r 42,
North River, foot of Morton st. t
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward, sec-
ond clasa to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ER\L AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3 AND
CAN VDA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlr-3).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Cea*t
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all RaHr^art T!ck*t Agaata
BAT AND rXTEKintBAy ROrTES."
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD;
VALL^JO and NAPA
Napa Valley I=?oiJte»
Mortice" lo S." S. Co. and Nap* Valley Eloo-
trie R ' R. " Co. Cloee connections.
« ROIXD TRIPS DAILY — •
Boats leave San Francises 7:00. *»:13 a. m.,
12:30 noon.- 3:13k 6:CO, ' *S:3O p. m."
. San Francisco landing and ofSc*. Pier 3.
foot of Mission «t.. one block south Market-st.
Ferry. Meals a U carte. Phcaa Main X3O&
•Land* Nary Yard toneL
3738
MARINER "RUNS AMUCK"
AND JUDGE IS PUZZLED
Policeman Explains That Sailor Invited
. • Folk to Imbibe at His Expense.
His Honor Opines That Offering to Treat
Does Not Constitute Misdemeanor.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD
Ask<d if Ole "Olesen were not a
riscudonym. either adopted for jail or
registration or bestowed by a desk
sergeant rnuoh given to ihe coinage of
*tpt sobriquets for befuddK-d prisoners,
the brawny defendant, a seaman, made
?ic£ative reply.
"Ole Olesen ban da nani Ay got an
t:\vedrn," he informed Police Judge
C'abanifis, "an* Ay ban note ashammed
That point settled, the prosecution
proceeded. It averred that Mr. Ole
sen, with a quart bottle cf whisky in ;
one hand and a glass tumbler In the
other, was "running amuck" (emphasis
on the phraset when a policeman over
took, arrested and disarmed him, all
of whie'4 happened on East street, city
and county of San Francisco.
"The charge is that of disturbance:
of th* peace." said the Judge, "and j
the court dePires to know if said peace .
disturbance consisted of 'running!
amuck," whatever that process may be." |
"That," responded tl'.e prosecuting at
torney, "can be best explained by the
complaining officer."
The complaining officer thereupon
stated that Mr. Olesen "ran amuck"
by spc-edingr along the cobble-paved
highway and loudly uttering words
t.-hkh to him (the complainant) were
*t the time unintelligible, but which
were subsequently interpreted as in
discrimir.ate invitations to partake of
the contents of the bottle there pro
duced in evidence.
"If 'running amuck,* " opined the
court, "consists of inviting persons to
imbibe intoxicants. It is an act ex
tenelvely indulged In at this merry
holiday time in this ever-hospitable
community. Nor can I see where It
can reasonably be pronounced a mis
demeanor."
Aftrr considerable discussion it was
marie apparent that the offensive phase
of Mr. Olesen's ""running amuck" was
his rude and I»oisterous manner of ac
costing- pedestrians whom he desired
to aid him in emptying the bottle, and
for such overexuberance he was sen
tenced to ten days* imprisonment,
It evidently was the Christmas spirit
that actuated Miss Mabel Bradford,
irjansger of the A. H. Smith Drug Com
pany's store on Polk street, to shower
kindness upon 20-year-old Charles Red
mond nfter sh-s had deliberately set two i
traps to test h?s honesty, and caused |
his arrest when he fell into them. When I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ICD .r^'i^y" \ W-v
P\**^X ff s2^ vsgticur4^x
Tens of thousands have known no
other soap since birth. For ore*
serving, purifying, and beautifying
the skin, for cleansing the scalp or
crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the
stopping of falling hair, for softening,
whitening, and soothing red, rough,
and sore hands, for baby rashes
and chafings, and for many sana~
tive, antiseptic purposes which
readily suggest themselves to moth'
ers, as weu as for the toilet, bath,
and nursery, Cuticura Soap, as*
sisted by Cuticura Ointment, the
great Skin Cure, is priceless.
Cctlmrs bo»p combine* 4eUrai« tnctfelat] and «mol-
ttast propcrtie* <Uriv*d from Cuticura, th* gn*X BUa
Cere, «iih th. pnrMt cf e!«*n»Uf ißgradisSi ud tkt
» cut nfrnhlat cf flow oitrt
\u25a0ar Btßd ler "All Abcet Uc SUM, tmlf, •*« Bib.*
the case was called before Judge Con
lan the fair complainant not only dis
played rtluctance to prosecute, but
save bail in the sum of $10 for the de
fendant's reappearance next Wednes
day. Then she strolled the corridor
with him and talked earnestly, while
he listened with contrite attention.
Master Redmond had been in the em
ploy of Miss Bradford about eight
months when she began to sjuspect
that ho was the author of mysterious
shortages In the cash; so she placed $3
where he had free opportunity to pil
fer it. which he did. To make doubly
sure that his larceny was willful, she
similarly tempted him with a $6 bait,
and lie took it. This thoroughly con
vinced that he was dishonest, she filed
two charges of petty larceny against
him, and the final outcome of the case
remains to lie seen.
Miss Bradford is a sister-in-law of
Polico Judge-elect Shortall and a young
woman of rare business attainments.
In defense of Tony J. Cardoza. accused
of having sold a 50-cent pool to Patrolman
Dower, the ooint was raised that inas
much as Busy Bee, the 'horse on which
the money, was wagered, had failed to
perform, having been scratched, the
wager was null and void, ergo no wager
at all. Judge Mogan, however, ignored
the finely drawn technicality and gave
Mr. Cardoza the alternative of paying a
$20 fine or serving twenty days in prison.
The defense filed notice of appeal.
Miss Maud Wendell, yellow coiffured
and fashionably gowned, toyed with
the dangling ends of her silver fox boa
and smiled derisively as she harkened
to Patrolman McManus tell Judge Mo
gan that she was an old offender who
had ignored repeated warnings to
cease promenading the retail district
while her gait afforded evidence that
she was inebriated. When the accuser
had concluded his testimonj' she asked
the Judge If he would permit her to
"say a word," and when the permission
was granted she said several thousand
words and was still talking when his
Honor endeavored to stem the oral flow
by continuing the case till after the
holidays.
"And it's up to me to give bail, I sup
pose." said Miss Wendell, "after I've
spent every cent I could raise for
Christmas presents? I'd like to know,
anyhow, why a lady can't go shopping
without having a policeman follow her
and — "
"The only shopping she did," grimly
interjected the o*ncer, "was in saloons."
"In-deed! How clever of you to find
it out: My, but It takes cuteness to be
a cop!" Her tone and her glare at the
policeman were plainly Intended to
wither htm. but he never flinched.
"Oh," she exclaimed, vehemently,
"somebody'H smart for this!"
"She served ten days for the same
thing not long ago," said the relentless
McManus, "and I think she will be
identified as the woman who robbed a
farmer the other night."
Miss Wendell's indignation was too
deep for utterance, and she supinely
allowed Bailiff Mahoney to lead her
back to durance.
_;- *i(-j •'• \u25a0•'.'\u25a0*•'-.-\u25a0
Miss Ethel Clarke of 432 Golden Gate
avenue opined that human impudence at
tained its apogee when a parcel of dress
goods forwarded to her from Minneapolis
in care of Mrs. Emma Winters, modiste,
at 528 Eddy street, was retained by that
lady, whose obvious object was to obtain
the task of transforming the fabric into
gowns. She declined to give the package
to the consignee unless it was opened in
her (Mrs. Winters') presence, and Miss
Clarke not only refused to comply with
Mrs. Winters' desire, but resorted to
search warrant procedure- to get posses
sion of her property. When the warrant
was displayed to Mrs. Winters she sur
rendered the goods and told the policeman
that her motive in holding them was to"
make sure that she would not be held
responsible for any damage or shrinkage
that might subsequently be alleged by
Miss Clarke.
"Of all the cheeky things I ever en
countered," said Miss Clarke, petite and
pretty, to the Judge, "the attitude of
Mrs. Winters was the worst: The pack
age containing material for three dresses
was sent to me as a Christmas present
from Minneapolis, and Just because it was
addressed in care of Mrs. Winters she
thought she had a right to make me open
it in her presence so that she could make
a bid for the making of the gowns. But
she was fooled for once."
Miss Clarke's grandmother volubly In
dorsed all that the younger lady had said
anent Mrs. Winters' conduct, and was
still talking when the Judge issued an
order instructing the property clerk to
release the package.
* • \u2666
Attorney Clara Foltz will defend Frank
P. Burgess against the charge that he
practiced medicine without a certificate
at his office on the 900 block of Howard
street, and Judge Mogan has set the hear
ing for January 6, 1906.
» • \u2666
Yuletide's advent did not convey happi- ;
ness to the home of Samuel Patton, at
3SO Arlington street, for with a wife and
a child and a mother-in-law to support
he was without employment and in I debt
to several dealers in life.'s necessaries.-
It was despondency, he informed Judge
Mogan, that impelled him to drink until
he was crazed, and while in that condi
tion he brandished a revolver and threat
ened to slay those who relied upon him
for maintenance.
The wife tearfully begged for his re
lease, pleading that he had not earned the
misfortune that led to his misdemeanor.
"If you promise to brace up and face
your troubles like a man I will let you
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24/ 1905
SEA SWALLOWS
TWO FISHERMEN
Their Boat Disappears From
the Fleet and Nothing
but Wreckage Is Found
LIFE SAVERS TOO LATE
Crab Hunters Perish by
Foundering* or Capsizing
of Their Little Craft
Giuseppe Delegardo and Michel Ba
roni, fishermen, were drowned yester
day morning in the surf off Point Pedro
through either the capsizing or foun
dering of their boat. Delegardo, who
was 35 year's old, leaves a widow and
family In a modest little home at 425
Bay street. Baroni .was 19 years of age
and single. He lived with the Dele
gardos.
Xews of the disaster was brought to
Meigge wharf by other fishermen who
were In the vicinity when the Baroni
boat . disappeared. Here is the story
they tell:
The ill-fated tboat, which was owned
by Baroni, was off Point Pedro, in com
pany with a fleet "of other craft. The
occupants of all the boats were busily
engaged fishing for crabs. There was
a high sea running, but the sun was
shining brightly and the waves were
not so high that they caused any
anxiety to men used as these fisher
men are to . braving the elements in
their anger.
The Baronlboat was a little farther
in than the others and got the full
benefit of the .swirl of waters which
fringed the breakers."*; Suddenly the
Baroni boat disappeared. Nobody was
looking at the time and nobody can
tell just what happened.
In an instant the alarm was given
and every boat headed for the place
where the Baroni boat had been but a
few seconds before. All the searchers
recovered was. a. little wreckage — two
oare, a hatch, cover and an oil can.
Nothing was seen of the two men, and
after cruising about for an hour the
fishermen notified the South Beach Life
Saving Station and resumed their fish
ing.
The Government life savers made a
thorough search, but a vain one. They
will keep' a lookout along the beach
in the hope that on the next incoming
tide the sea will give up its dead.
A weeping woman and three small
children will spend a sad Christmas at
425 Bay street, and later on, when the
mails carry the news of the tragedy,
there will be a dark day in a little
home on the shores of the Mediter
ranean, where Baroni's parents reside.
Wants to Buy a Business.
For spot cash I will bus* a stock of
merchandise, either clothing, shoes,
furnishings, dry goods, cloaks and
suits or millinery, city or country. Also
need capable men who are willing to
work and come well recommended as
managers or salesmen. "Will pay good
salaries for honest service. All propo
sitions and applications will be held
strictly confidential. Herman lesser,
1057 Market at., phone Howard 3r,11. •
Domestic Science Association.
The Domestic Science Association,
Miss Ellen M. Bartlett president, will
hold several meetings at the State Uni
versity on December 26. 27. 28. 29.
Many good speakers will discuss Im
portant topics.
Ask the man who knows. The American
Cigar, made by Regensburg. la the best*
go home," said the Judge to the de
fendant.
"I'm ashamed of what I did." was
the response, "and it never shall hap
pen again."
"He always was a good husband and
father until our poverty at Christmas
made him feel blue," said the wife,
nodding gratefully to the Judge and
following her spouse to the door.
Seventeen-year-old Hugh Johnson, who
claimed he labored. in a canning factory,
went a-shopplng Friday evening without
having previously equipped himself with
pecuniary means of barter, and in a 10
cent store at 9<3 Market street he was
laden with a. large and miscellaneous as
sortment of the merchandise there offered
for sale when Patrolman Speck arrested
him for shoplifting.
"The numerous cases of shoplifting now
in these courts." said Judge Mogan, after
he had continued the hearing of Master
Johnson's case till next Tuesday, "indi
cate that penniless persons afflicted with
larcenous impulse should shun the places
where Christmas wares are displayed for
sale." \ ;l '*K:
• * *
Henry K. Lyons, a grizzled vaga
bond, abruptly awoke from sodden
slumber in the cage of Judge Cabaniss"
tribunal and asked a fellow-prisoner
what the day was.
"It's Monday an! Chrls'mus," was
the facetious answer.
"An' wofs th' time o' day?" Mr. Ly
ons inquired.
"Half-pas' free," replied the humor
ist.
"An' dinner's over, is it?" was the
succeeding query, delivered In a tone
reeking of anxiety.
"Hours ago — I'm pickin' some o' de
turkey out o' me teeth now," rejoined
the jester, pretending to suit the ac
tion to the He.
"Dats more o' me blasted luckl"
ejaculated Mr. Lyons, dashing his bat
tered hat to the floor and thus attract
ing to himself the attention of Bailiff
Donohue, who growled, "Silence
there!" and wagged an admonitory
finger at the peace disturber.
"I don't care," was the revolution
ary response. "After gettin' pinched
so's I'd get a good Chrls'mas dinner
In jail here I've gone an' overslep* an'
missed de feed. Say, ain't der sno
chance o' gettin' a crack at wot's left
over?" - v 7v'
When the bailiff had considerately
explained that the great Christian
holiday's dawn was among future
events Mr. Lyons . chuckled gleefuyy
and then bestowed a withering glance
at the Imperturbable, face of the wit
who had so cruelly alarmed him. His
consternation was revived, however,
when he faced the bench and the
Judge mischievously displayed symp
toms of ordering his dismissal.
"Tut, tut," said his Honor, with af
fected severity, to -the policeman who
testified . that 1 Mr. Lyons . was very
drunk when arrested.. "At this Christ
mas time we can afford to look light
ly upon intoxication when it is not ac
companied by disturbance of the
peace."
"But I b'lieve I did kick up a row,"
Mr. Lyons hastily and earnestly af
firmed.
"Well, I suppose we must take your
word for it and sentence you to ten
days."
"Dats de candy— l means, tank yer
Honor," said „ Mr. Lyons, and . the
springy step with which he returned
to the corral satisfied all beholders
that he was happy.
Immense January Clearance Snle
Of suits, coats and skirts at one-third
to one-half less than last week's prices.
Sale starts at '8:30 a. m.: Tuesday at
Strauss & Frohman's," 105-107-109 Post
street. \u25a0 ' * - ; ' \u0084 ' '\u25a0' ' : r '\u25a0 ' '-. \u25a0
© ©©©e©3©ooooe©o©o«ooooo ee©«ooooeoo©©ooooooeoo©oooo©e©oc©ooooooooe©o©ooooo©oocc©^^ooooi>3©o^
! GIGANTIC ANNUAL / I
S A sale of Ready-to-Wear Garments long to be remembered as one of the GREATEST BARGAIN EVENTS ever held in 3
© San Francisco. %
• 82^ Note particularly: Our stock is much larger, the variety greater and styles more elegant than before, of our well- %
• known high standard of quality. . 2
0 UNVARNISHED FACTS o
q No matter how ridiculously low our prices may seem, ttiere-.will.be. no misrepresentation. Goods and prices exactly as ad- J
• vertised. Only this season's productions. Our established and successful policy not to carry over garments from season to season ©
J will be strictly adhered to. {
I stock: of i
• TAILOR SUITS, SILK SUITS, LONG AND SHORT COATS, CHILD'S COATS, FURS, SKIRTS of every descrip- •
q tion and Waists will be on sale at 0
g 39, 40,50,60 CENTS ONTHE DOLLAR J
0 . Closing out the entire FUR DEPARTMENT. Our Cloak and Suit business has grown to such proportions that we find ©
J it necessary to occupy the space used now by our Fur Section. We have made such tremendous cuts in prices in order to effect •
• a quick claerance. v.- Vi^ O
S THEY MUST GO S
2 Tflilnr Mbldp <tITltQ— RpQ* $1500 Skirts Cut t0...... _ 8 7.95 ©
• 1 auor maae ouiis^-pest* oiyies $ Skirts Cut to z 8.45 •
S i JACKET SUITS, BLOUSE SUITS, ETON SUITS, $20.00 Skirts Cut to . 11.45 ©
• LONG PADDOCK SUITS, EMPIRE .EFFECT SUITS, in Tremendous Reductions in Etamine and Panama Cloth Skirts... •
% fashionable shades and desirable mixtures. Plain and fancy \u0084.. . . ...... .$3.45 Up %
g trimmed. $ 5 . 00 Dress Skirts Cut to «\u25ba£ — m^l $ 1.95 •
« '$12.50 Suits Cut to $ 6.95 $6.00 Dress Skirts Cut to :....., 2.45 O
• $15.00 Suits Cut to T. 45 $7.50 Dress Skirts Cut to j ~~ * . 2.95 2
9 $17.50 Suits Cut t0.., .......... 8.45 $10.00 Dress Skirts Cut to \u0084,......>— . 4.95 ©
g \u25a0 $20.00 Suits Cut to. . . . . .V. . . . . ......... . . . . 9.95 $12.00. Dress Skirts Cut to. .- . . .... — 6.45 •
c $22.50 Suits Cut to \u25a0 1 1.45 $15.00 Dress Skirts Cut to ... s . «.,.-.. 7.45 J
1 $25.00 Suits Cut to : 12.H5 r^UU^l'^ /^#*^*^ •'
S $30.00 suits cut to 14.95 vniiQ s v^oais •
• $35.00 Suits Cut to 17.45 Cravenette Coats; sizes 4-10; $7.50 value. Cut t0. .„. . 53.95 ©
O $40.00 Suits Cut to 19.95 SHORT COATS. g
© $45.00 Suits Cut to ...... ; 25.00 $3.50-$4.00 Value Cut to — \u0084.«. 1.75 %
% $30 and $35.00 Heavy Taffeta Silk Suits, in Novelty Eton styles, CHILD'S LONG COATS. » •
© Cut to 14.95 $6.00 Coats -Cut to — , — — 3.95 S
S $40.00 Silk Velvet Suits Cut to 22.50 $7.50 Coats Cut to -.-.. \u0084...,...., .......,.,.<., 4.45 •
0 rs a. '• #•* a. •rs a. § $8.50 Coats Cut to ...... « .^.4.95 Z
1 COdtS! LrOatS! LrOatS! $10.00 Coats Cut t0.... ...L.«... 5.95 O
% Full Length and 3-4 Length Cloth Cravenette, Covert and Jjs^> T Cut *?• • ; • • ; • ' ' 'L.V X^T*^T^ti% I
5 Mannish Mixtures Child s Odd Long Coats at $I>37«> ana o".4o ©>
2 $12.50 . Coats Cut to .......,.......$ 6.95 Cloth Ca P cs » Castor and Black ; $10.00 quality Cut to 4.95 J
• $15.00 coats cut t0 ... . . — 7.45 \M/ n \ ct c VVai^t^— To dc% WitK a R^imh S
2 $1750 Coats Cut to. . . . 9.95 W sf lsI X' r c^f VT • 5t.V * t IVtUSU •
S $20.00 Coats Cut to , 12.45 5 00 Extra Q™^ Sllk Mer cenzed Waists; $2.00 value. >- g* *
g $25.00 Coats Cut to 14.95 ~ utto "^,: *V*^ A*'V»* * •
© $30.00 coats cut to 17.45 Fur Gapes and Fur Collarettes 2
S "Evening Dress Coats . ; ' At Less than Half Price.
q $25.00 Coats Cut to — $14.95 $15.00 and $12.50 Fur Collarettes will be closed out at $4.95 ©
• $30.00 Coats Cut t0. ... . .,. K}]4s $17.50 and $20.00 Fur Collarettes will be closed out at. 6.95 %
1 $35.00 Coats Cut, to: ..:.^..,.,.... .......: ....^ 19*95 Fur PanPQ Ftir Pai\PQ S
2 $40.00 Coats Cut to. \u0084.,.. : : 22.45 r ** r Vur Vsapes 2
§ $50.00 Coats Cut t0. . . c 27.50 Electric Seal and River Mink 2
• $60.00 Coats Cut t0......... 32.50 $15.00 Capes Cut to S 6.95 S
g $65.00 Coats Cut t0.... 37.50 $20.00 Capes Cut to 8.95 •
• C 1 . .- t C 1 . . C 1 . . . $22.50 Capes Cut to 9.95 o
I Skirts! Skirts, Skirts! $ 25 .00 c ap es cut to 12.45 •
S Only Good Quality-The Lowest Prices on Record. $30.00 and $35 Capes Cut t0... v ,14.95 |
2 Crepe de Chine, Etamine, Peau de Soie, Broadcloth, Cheviot FIHT COHtS, £leCt>riC OTiU Near SeOI •
% and Mannish Mixtures. They are well made. The newest cut. Plain and Trimmed O
1 Walking Skirts, Plain and Mixture $aa. s ©. f w c©ats cut t© ...$9,955
V *-* • (.... "Pur Pnate Put tr» 1O Xr? X
m «> txr ii* cu:^r. rs,4- \u2666«. vr. • ._ JP25.00 rur "ooats t0. ... ...... .......^.. .............. 1x.40 •
• I 3I 3 ' 50 !? g IS? r, \u2666 * : $M§ $30.00 Fur Coats Cut to \u0084 14.95 2
S f4f 4 ' 00 w? g •?•? : * If $35.00 Fur Coats Cut t0.... .....,.; 19.95 S
• $4.50 Wakmg Skirts Cut 0....... 1.95 |^ oo Fur C oats Cut t0...... ........ 22.45 2
S II 5 ,' 00 wavw a u- ng !£T r"l ° — * •••'• H^ $45.00 Fur Coats Cut to .- ....... 25.00 S
• O ° ng S?? ° •••* o'oi $50.00 Fur Coats Cut to 2 30.00 2
§ $6.50 Watting Skirts Cv o. 2.95 Fur Coats Cut t0.... \u0084._._..... 35.00 §
S L 7L 7 - s °wt ng L^r U 1° •"•• %'i* $75.00 Fur Coats Cut to 42.50 2
q $8.50 Walking Skuts Cut to . . ..- 0.95 v/ 0 .—,. — , 2
• $10.00 Walking Skirts Cut to.. 4.95 -a— h y^ rm. <nr^ CAI HIT •
2 \u25a0 c;iir cirwfc ! OKJbAI. to/AL^Jt^ g
o OllK OKiriS Commences Tuesday, December 26, at 9:30 a.m. %
§ $10.00 Skirts Cut tp. . . . 0. . . . . ..... $ 4.95 NOTICE — No Goods Exchanged or Money Refunded Dur- 2
O $12.50 Skirts Cut to 6.95 ing This Sale. B@X; °
STATE DEPARTMENT WILIi NOT
ISSUE EXTRADITION WARRANT
Ernest B. Horwlt*, Wanted In Shnnff
bal for Forßery, Is Discharged
and Rearrested.
Ernest B. Horwltz, who was arrest
ed last Sunday morning on th^ arrival
of the steamer Korea on a cablegram
from Consul General Rodgers at
Shanghai. China, that he was wanted
there on a. charge of forgery, had a
few seconds' liberty yesterday morn
ing. ; The police received a oablegram
from Rodgers that the \u25a0 State • Depart
ment at Washington had refusod to is
sue papers for the extradition of Hor
wltz and to release him from custody.
When the application for a -writ of
habeas • corpus came up before
Lawlor yesterday JS morning tho Judge
was informed of the contents of the
cablegram from Rodgers and the writ
was granted and the prisoner, dis
charged. As soon as Horwltz left the
courtroom he was arrested by a Dep
uty Sheriff on a warrant Issued by
Judge Sloss in a civil suit on the plea
that ho Intended leaving the State to
defraud his creditors and was taken
to the County Jail.. An attachment on
his personal effects in . possession of
Property, Clerk Dinan has been Issued
at the instance of the Hongkong and
Shanghai Bank, on which the alleged
forgery was committed.
A merry Chrlstmtu to our frienda. Edward
Knowles Co., Superior Printers, 24 Second. •
Yo ifiig Men's Institute.
Saleslan Council /of the Young Men's
Institute has elected the following
named members as the officers for the en
suing terra: Rev. C.:B. Redahan, chap
lain; Angelo Ferrpgglaro, president;
James Raszetto, first vice president;
Mario Forno, second vice president; S.
B. Fugazi, financial John Be
doni, recording secretary; A.- O. Rossi,
treasurer; George Oliva, , marshal; A.
Basso, inside sentinel;, George Monl,
outside sentinel; John 'Zaro, John
Cuneo, Edmond Lertora, executive com
mittee;.\ Dr. A. H. Giahinni, Dr. iF. :
Bonino, Dr. J. V. Craviotto, . Dr. C. R.
Bricca, medical examiners. \u25a0.';. Saleslan
Council is the Italian branch' of the or
der of the Young Men's Institute in this
city.
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Haight & Masonic ay.*
National Union Jinks.
The progress committee ;of Golden
Gate Council of the NationaMJnion will
give .a> Christmas? high- jinks y in 7 the
Kreling building next Tuesday evening,
when a" special - vaudeville entertain
ment will be presentea.
NEW DISTRICT ATTORNEY
MAKES HIS ASSIGNMENTS
Langdon Direct* the, M«i Who Will
Assist Him In the Superior and
Police Courts.
District Attorney-elect William H. Lang
don has had a conference with his force of
deputies and assigned them to the various
courts. William Hoff Cook will be
the prosecutor in Judge Dunne's court;
John O'Gara In Judge Lawlor's court;
James M. Hanley in Judge Cook's
court, and Robert W. Harrison in the
civil department. In the police courts
Robert 8. Duke was assigned to Judge
Mogan; Bernard J. Flood to Judge
Conlan; Louis H. Ward to Judge Short
all and Robert Rogers to Judge Caban-
Ibs. . .
Langdon will introduce a new sys
tem in his. administration of the af
fairs of the, office by assigning the
Police Court lawyers to aid those in
the Superior courts in the afternoons.
The work :of the former courts is al
ways completed before noon, so that
the lawyers there can devote their aft
ernoons in the higher courts. He depu
tized Ward to work with Harrison;
Rogers with O'Gara; Flood with Cook,
and Duke with Hanley.
Lineman Falls From Sixth Floor.
William Peters, who lives at 465
Stevenson street and is employed by
the telephone . company as a lineman,
fell' from -the sixth floor of the Brook
lyn Hotel yesterday morning. For
tunately he landed on soft ground and
escaped with remarkably slight injury.
Ho was taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where the only visible injury, a com
pound fracture of the right wrist, was
treated. He may have suffered Internal
Injury, but of that no symptom de
veloped during his stay at the hospital.
He did not at any time lose conscious
ness. He was removed later to St.
Luke's Hospital.
Want Redaction of Tariff.
A special meeting of the. Railroad
Commission was held Friday night to
receive a reauest of the Western Meat
Company for a reduction of the tariff
on.:- livestock,, shipments. " from local
points to their stock yards located ' in
South San Francisco, terminal rates be
ing; desired the ; same as San Francisco
proper, i The commission set Tuesday,
December 26,: at 11:30 a. m., room 10.
Ferry building, as the day, date, time
and place ! of such hearing and notified
the parties In interest ; to appear. '
.Civil Service Examination.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
January 10 for the position of watch
man In the sub-treasury service at
San Francisco. No educational test
will be given and It will not be neces
sary for applicants to appear at any
place for examination. Applicants
should apply to the district secretaryT
IMPORTANT ~1
ANNOUNCEMENT
Tuesday, December 26th ' I
I.MAGNIN &CQ. ; I
will place on special sale !
500 Silk Waists
All are high-grade Roods^broken j
sizes taken from our regular stock ;
— reliable make and finish. i
See to-morrow's papers for par-
ticulars.
LOT I — Strictly Tailor-made Waists. C4J AX j
• Former prices, $6, $750, $8.50. Sale price.... \
LOT 2— Tailor-made and Fancy Models Sff.6s r
Former prices, $8, $9.50, $10, $12. Sale price. *^^)* j
NOTICE — Owing to this important sale no goods
will be exchanged on Tuesday in our waist department.
qiB~Q22 Market Street N( store£ eh >:
Twelfth United States civil service
district, room 241. n«w postofflca bu!l<s
lnp. San Francisco, for application
form 1093. which ahould be properly
executed and filed with such secretary
prior to the hour of closing bustneas
on January 10. 1808.Pages 39 to 48
WHEN FITZ LOSES FIGHT
WIFE ABANDONS HIM.
A telesraxa from New York
yesterday announced that Bob
Fttx«lsxxaOß«, In the- hoar of hl«
distress, had been deserted by
the '•rife toward whom he
looked for consolation. The
old hero, 'very much dlsconr
ncrd already by the endinsr of
hl» pugilistic carr*r, wept when
be heart) the nervs. It Is *a!d
that the joung rrlfe sot niray
with all the money amassed by
the vftcrnn In the days of su«*
«-«•»• and hi* former ivlfr's
Jewels and that he Is now
mined.
Lanky Bob Deserted
by Fickle Girl
He Loves.
Woe Upon Woe Falls
Upon Decadent
Gladiator.
Poor old Bob Fitzslmmous, who,
strangled from behind by age, was
crumbled to pieces in his fight with
O'Brien last Wednesday night, received
a more subtle and cruel Mow yester
day. A telegram from Xcw York an
rounced that the- young wife ho had
taken to himself while in han Francis
co two years ajjo had deserted him.
Thus as he is *tnt farther on the long
downward toboggan flight from the
pinnacle of his pugilistic career is he
robbed of the love tliat v.ould have
been consolation. Ko!> r.in only drown
| iiis sorrow now in melodrama.
Kltr.simmons married Julia Gifford
two years apo at the Palace Hotel in
this city. It was his third wedding, his
second wife. Rose Julian, having died
after pears of absolute devotion to him.
Julia Gifford was ;i young actress, and
was at the time sinking in the light
opera "When Johnny Comes Marching:
Homo." She v,as twenty years younger
than the veteran pugilist. ;uid ho, guile
less as a child toward women, was
deeply in lov«\ ;i» he is yet -to-day, in
spite of licr desertion, was pretty
and viva«-ious and reputed somewhat
flighty. Tor the last two years Bob
had treasured her. His bank account
was ir their joint name. It amount
ed to J50.U00 on<e. but little Is expect
ed to i>c left, wore the jewels of
his former "A'ifo. and has them now.
Leon Friedman, Cob's present manager,
saya that they are worth $100,000; but |
Uiat Kt*rt\+.xn*nVi; veracitx. in matters
thai hcip make stage advertising is
far from unimpeachable.
The telegram that came from New
York yestorday was from Mrs. Fitz
• Simmons herself, and was addressed to
Manager Friedman. The latter's part
in the affair is somewhat singular. He
tays that Mrs. Fitzsimrr.ons told him
a year aso that she meant to leave her
husband, and he names tho man to
\u25a0whom she has gone. Yet when askod
if he had warned the pugilist, whoso
affairs he had absolutely in hand, he
says that he did not. At the same time
be is the one who makes the asser
tion that th« faithless wife got away
\u25a0with Bob"s 350,000 bank account and |
:hc Jloo.'> f »0 worth of jewels. The te!- J
• gram, .addressed to Friedman, said:
"1 am leaving New York forever. Take
f t stop long time ago contemplated. Am
' determined. Julia.'"
Pob Fitzsimmons was seen in his
« ooni at the Adams Hotel yesterday.
He was sprawled in a Morris chair, his
foolish old bald chicken head sunk
Viotwr»r>n his musiJe-bulging- shoulders.
His bis, freckled, ham-shaped hands
we;': over his eyes, and between the
jrnarlcd knuckles liquid drops that
wfri- undeniably t»ars were oozing.
"My blooming, bleeding r art is broke,"
lie said. "That's what it is — it's bust
. ri. Ili'm old. Hi can't fight. Hi can't
do nothing. And no* 1 she leaves me."
The little hoß<? sank farther between
t]i«_- big shoulders, and his long legs,
stretched on the foot-rest and meeting
in an obtuse angle at the knees, twined
about each oth^r in an uncouth gesture
of suffering 1 . He was a grotesque fig
ure, but not a funny one.
On. MAGXATK WINS HKR.
ritzeßsblrfn Wife Takrn Ip IVlih
Charlr» Stiller, Married .Millionaire.
PITTSIiT.'RG, Pa., Dec. 23. — The re
port that Major Charles J. S. Miller, son
of Major General Miller, head of the Na
tional Guard of Pennsylvania, promi
nent in the Standard Oil Company and
several times a millionaire, had eloped
with Julia May Gifford, the opera
singer aud wife of Robert Fiizsimmons.
the pugilist, was received here to-night.
At first the report could scarcely be
believed, but it was afterward said to be
Major Miller Is 31 years of age, a
sport of the first water, handsome and
dare-devil. His favorite sport is auto
mobile racing, and last season he par
ticipated in all the big racing events in
the country with his racing machine,
the "Flat." He brought to this country
Louis Chevolot, the French chauffeur,
who drove his machine in all the big
races last season. Miller appeared in
the races at Pittsburg on June 28, 29
and 20, his machine, driven by Chevolot,
running Barney Oldfleld's "Kiser" and
the other big chauffeurs.
After the regular races at Pittsburg
Miller created a sensation by driving his
own machine in an open race, in which
he was accompanied by a number of so-
Hety women of Pittsburg. and almost
ran the whole outfit- Into the fence.
Miller was married In 1894 to Miss
Mary Trentice, one of the most beauti
ful and accomplished young women *ii
Franklin. They havo apparently lived'
happily together, and there has never
been a rumor of domestic trouble be
tween them. Their wedding was one of ;
the greatest society events ever held in
Western Pennsylvania-
General Miller,- the father, is one of
.'he wealthiest men in Western Pennsyl
vania. He created a sensation by di
\%rcins his wife, who Is a sister of
Congressman Joseph Slbley, on the
grounds of insanity.
General Miller married in Paris a;
ciiurch singer, formerly of Franklin
*fed New York.
Miller was born in Franklin.
l&y 2, 3 87<. He went into the employ
ortho Standard Oil Company as special
manager of the Hecla Oil Company. At
C 5 years of ago he was Mayor of Frank
lin, lie Is now president of the General,,
The San Francisco Call.
MRS. nOBEHT FITZSIMMONS. FORMERLY MISS JULIA GIFFORD, THE THIRD I
WIFE OF THE NOTED PUGILIST. -WHO INFORMED HIM BY MAIL THAT
SHE HAS LEFT HIM FOREVER FOR ANOTHER MAN. j
DOCTOR SAYS
TAPLEY GAVE
HIM SIGNALS
Asserts That Dying
Man Motioned Aftej:
Trap Was Sprung. .
JERSEY CITY, N. J., Dec. 23. — Dr.
Carlton Simon, who witnessed the
hanging yesterday of Edwin F. Tapley
Jr., declares that the murderer gave
the prearranged signals in proof that
he was conscious nearly half "a min
ute after the trap had been sprung.
Dr. Simon said:
"The actual test on the gallows was
most successful. Tapley was abso
lutely in possession of his mental fac
ulties. The hands and fingers of the
da.-igling body moved with convulsive
contractions. Then the hands fell
rigid at the sides. Five seconds
parsed and then Tapley began the sig
nals agreed upon between us.
"The first signal came as Tapley,
holding the left hand extended rigid
ly downward, raised the right slowly
and far as the bonds permitted him
and made three distinct contractions of
the thumb and forefinger. Then, with
clearly determined effort, the dying
man lowered his right hand, held it for
an instant rigidly against his thigh,
and, slowly raising the left hand, re
peated the signal. At the third con
traction of the left hand there acemed
barely strength in the dying fingers to
carry out the agreed programme.
"To any man of scientific knowledge,
viewing this test with a fjill knowl
edge of all the governing conditions,
the following conclusions are Inevita
ble, namely, that Tapley was alive ana
in conscious torture for nearly half a
minute after the fall of the drop. That
he was literally strangled to death In
the name of the law."
Talks About Goebel Murder.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec 23.— Charles E.
Ehler, who claims that he has testi
mony that would be Important In the
Powers case in Kentucky, says he Is
willing to give such testimony in the
interests of Justice. In an -interview to
day he said: N
"I was passing through Frankfort,
Ky., on January 30, 1900, while the ex
citement over the Goebel-Taylor con
troversy was at its height. On the
morning of that day I was in the toilet
room of the Capital Hotel, when I
heard a conversation between two per
sons known to me, which makes me
know that Caleb Powers had nothing
to do with the shooting of Goebel."
Manufacturing Company of Franklin,
capitalized at $5,000,000.
Miller Is major of the general staff
of the National Guard of Pennsylvania,
He is a member of the New York Yacht
Club and owner of the yacht Marquita,
member of the New York Press Club,
of the Automobile Club of America and
numerous sthor clubs East..
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
YOUNG WOMAN
DIES FROM TOO
MUCH DANCING
Tuberculosis Develops
in Right Hip and
Death Ensues.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
PROVIDENCE. R. I. # Dec. 23.— Lillian
A. Hunt, 21 years old, who has been
prominent In the social world as an ac
complished singer, died to-day In a .hos
pital In this city from tuberculosis of
the right hip, brought about, her phy
sicians say, by dancing too much. Her
complaint was rather an unusual one, and
as she had been ill about three months
the doctors attending her were at first
doubtful as to the exact cause of her con
dition. A diagnosis made by one of the
most skillful surgeons of this city dis
closed the fact that she was suffering
from hip trouble. Two months ago she
was removed to a hospital and three op
erations were performed by the surgeons
in an attempt to save her life.
For a time she grew better and hopes
were entertained that she would ulti
mately recover. Monday the final opera
tion was performed and then It developed
that her life could not be saved. After
this operation the patient grew rapidly
worse and to-day expired.
According to her family physician, who
cared for her before she went to the hos
pital, the young woman Was passionately
fond of dancing, and last April before she
became ill danced at various social af
fairs until he thinks the tissues of her
hip became worn and the muscles affected
in such a way that tuberculosis devel
oped. * "5
FATHER OPPOSES
PARDONING OF SON
Firm in Belief That His Off
spring* Is Wife Mur
derer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAC CITY, lowa, Dec. 23.— The spectacle
of a father asking the State Legislature
not to pardon his own son will be wlt
nesed this winter in Dcs Molnes. .-
The movement of friends to secure the
release of James Toole, sentenced from
this town for wife murder Is frowned
upon by the prisoner's father, J.R. Toole.
The latter believes the life sentence was
justly imposed.
Toole was sent up from here ten -years
ago by Judge Z. A. Church of Jefferson.
The prisoner has maintained Innocence
all along/and claimed the death^ of his
wife was accidental. \u25a0 . ;'
HOLD FESTIVAL AND, BALL.— The forty
seventh grand ball and Christmas tree festi
val was given by the, Scandinavian Society
last night at '- Native > Sons'.- Hall.. A beautiful
tree. Bayly \u25a0 bedecked with artistic ornaments,
stood in the center ; of ~ the hall. : The merry
throne found pleasure la the Donuiax *«»»*fls . i
LAB SHOOTS
BABY SISTER
IN THE HEAD
Lester Whitehurst, a Five-
Year-Old Boy, Accidentally
Wounds Infant While Play
ing With a Big Kevolver
MIRACULOUS ESCAPE
WSfffi. INSTANT DEATH
Bullet Enters Lower Part
of the Left Cheek and
Ranges Downward; Failing
to Even Touch a Chord
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — While playing
this afternoon with a 44-caliber bull
dog revolver, -which he had found in
tho room of a lodger In his mother's
home, t77 Hobart street, Lester White
hurst, the 5-year-old son of Mrs. L. M.
Whitehurst, accidentally discharged
the weapon, the bullet striking his
2-year-old sister, Lillian, fairly In the
face, the force of the blow knocking
the child half way across the room.
Mrs. Whitehurst, who was In the yard,
ran into the house on hearing the re
port of thy pistol, just in time to sec
the boy lift his sister to her feet.
Blood was streaming from a wound
in the baby's face and the frant/c
mother at llrst thought the child was
dead, and was much surprised when
the little girl opened her eyes and be
gan to cry. Hurriedly washing the
blood from the child's face, Mrs. White
hurst stanched the flow as best she
could and at once summoned Dr. C. 11.
Dodge to attend the .jaby.
! : Examination by the physician dis
closed the fact that the bullet had
glanced after striking the left side of
the face and had taken -a downward
course,- narrowly missing the jawbone,
and making its exit at the lower part
of the left cheek and entered the neck,
linally lodging- against the left collar
bone, just under the skint where it was
removed without difficulty by the doc
tor. The bullet in its course missed not
only the bones of the face, but failed
to touch, any of the cords of the jaw,
\u25a0aiMMlvs wound,' whil^very -pa-infnlris hot
s.eriousr' Dr. Dodge* said-to-night that
It' was the most miraculous escape from
Instant death that he had ever seen
and declared that not once out of a
hundred times could a bullet strike
the face, fired from such close range
and from the position' in -which the
pistol 1 ' must have been held, without
causing instant death. Lester was pain
fully hurt by the recoil of the pistol
after the shot, the butt of the weapon
striking him in the stomach and caus
ing a large bruise, which to-night was
black and blue and was causing con
siderable pain.
This is the second serious accident in
which the boy has figured during his
short life. Two years ago the littlo
fellow was run over by a Contra Costa
Laundry wagon while trying to save
th*. life of his pet dog and was at first
thought to have been fatally Injured.
After careful nursing, however, ihe re
covered. ,/: :\u25a0
HAERIMAN MAY BUY
TACOMA TIDE LANDS
Owners Start for San Fran
cisco to Negotiate a
TACOMA. Dec 23.— General James M.
Ashton left to-day for San Francisco,
where he will continue negotiations with
Harriman railroad interests for the sale
to* them, of terminal grounds on Tacoma
tide lands. Ashton and Allen C. Mason,
together with others, have pooled their
tide land holdings, aggregating a thou
sand acres and comprising almost the re
mainder of the water front from the St.
Paul road terminals to the farther side
of the bay. Yesterday General Ashton
filed with the State Land Commissioners
transfers to himself covering 640 acres of
tide lands; for which the State was paid
their value under the appraisement of
ten years ago, when the contracts of sale
were first executed. It is understood that
360 acres of these lands will pass to the
Harriman railroads. This tract lies just
east of the St. Paul terminals, from which
it is separated by Sitkum avenue. The
railroads probably will dredge the land,
thereby giving another deep water chan
nel Into the central part of the tide fiats.
MAKES ROUGH TRIP
FROM GOLD FIELDS
Alaska "Musher" Completes
Journey Over the Trails
From Fairbanks.
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 23.— G, S. Graham, fa
miliarly known as "Darby" and one "of
the most popular "sour doughs" in Alas
ka, reached the Northern Hotel this
morning , after a "mush" out over the
Fairbanks trail. He left Fairbanks on
November 22. He said this morning that
he started out too early, as the rivers
were not air frozen over as yet and that
the overflow . often made the trail r im
passable.
"It was especially bad crossing the
mountains," said he. "On the summits
we were compelled to wade through snow
waist deep.. I was accompanied by. a New
Yorker named Jackson, who is putting In
a $1,000,000 ditch down the valley of the
Tanana." . ;
Reception to Bishop Conaty.
LOS ANGELES,; Dec. 23.— Bishop
Conaty, who has iust returned from a
visit to Rome, : was given -a public re
ception to-night by; the Chamber of
Commerce, at which ; 40(T people : were
present. Addresses were made by Pres
ident Koepfll of the, Chamber of Com
merce . and Henry :0.. Melveny.; The
Bishop responded with a ' ; pleasing ad
dress, : telling in detail of - his \u25a0 visit to
Europe. •-
FIGHT OVER GOPCEVIC
WILL IS COMPROMISED
Ex-Gripman Gets Principal Part of Fortune
"" The lesal battle; for the $600,000 estate
lefi by Harry Augustus Floyd-Gopceyic
has been brought to an end by compro-.
raise. The relatives who contested the ;
young lady's will, which gave all her
property to her husband, have been given
$50,000 and the.ex-gripman will be left to
enjoy the remainder. All litigation in the
matter was dismissed yesterday afternoon
at the request of the opposing attorneys.
The strange marriage, the untimely
death and the peculiar will of- the de
ceased woman, combined with the serious
charges and multifarious litigation that
followed her demise have aroused great
public interest during the last two and a
half years.
Harry Floyd was the only daughter of j
ono of California's richest families. Her
father In dying left his estate to his wife.
When she passed away the property was
left to Miss Floyd in trust for whatever
children might come to her when she
should be married. In the event of her
death, unmarried or childless, the estate
was to revert to charities and to other
relatives.
EARLY LIFE IS PLEASAAT.
Harry Floyd had every opportunity to
enjoy her early years, and it is said she
made the most of her chances. She was
particularly bright and . vivacious in her
early womanhood, but changed somewhat
as she approached the age of SO years.
It is said that Bhe was of a peculiarly
sensitive nature, and that too close study
of the characters famous in history and
fiction made her somewhat depressed at
times after, she passed 25. Sbe was fond
of impersonating some of -these people
created in the progress of events, or by
author's brain, and was often completely
carried away in such endeavor. These
facts were adduced by the contestants of
the will. VV ;
Her friendship with Eliza Pritchardwas
Damon and Pythias over again in the
feminine sender. For a few years pre
vious to her marriage she was extremely
exclusive. Of this later history, almost
nothing is known except by her few inti
mates, who declared at the trial that she
was perfectly sane.
One day while Harry Floyd was riding
on a Sacramento street cable car her at
tention was drawn to the sturdy gripman.
She used to 'watch him pass the house
after that, and finally she spoke to him.
In a short time they became well ac
quainted. He told her that he was a de
scendant of the royal family of the Obre
novich dynasty. She listened eagerly to
his tales of adventures in the Servian
hills and in the streets of troublous Bel
grade. Again he told her the strange his
tory of the Obrenoviches, who descended
from goatherds. >, .\.
COUPLE MARRY SUDDENLY.
Almost without warning. Gopcevic of.
the storied European principality and
Harry Floyd, the California heiress, stole
i away one bricht October day in 1903 and
were married by Judge Sayre at Lake
port. The news of the wedding created
profound astonishment. The gripman was
j metamorphized into a capitalist who
I could buy and sell all his fellow • work
men. He received unbounded congratu
lations from his friends, and her unex
pected act brought perfunctory recogni
tion from here.
\ Milos Mitrov Gopcevic at once took
charge of the property, and administered
its affairs until his bride's death on Feb
ruary 11 of the following' year, four
months af tor the. nuptials. Then com
menced a battle for, the estate. The con
testants were Mary Floyd McAdoo, sister
of the dead girl's father; "John Hume and
Julia Hume, children of another deceased
aunt, and Jane Parker,, Lucy. Matthews,
Ida Matthews, Rosalie Lloyd, Robert
Matthews and .William \u25a0\u25a0 Matthews, heirs
of . Mrs. I. S. Matthews, also an aunt.
Litigation of .various kinds was instituted
to keep the ex-gripman from. getting the
Immense fortune he knew "so well how to
enjoy. '< \u25a0
'\u25a0'•\u25a0\u25a0 DECISIONS FAVOR GRIPMAX.
Upto the time of the compromise the
legal decisions had been unfavorable to
the- contestants. Judge Sayre of Lake
County bad decided., that . the will 1 was
valid and ' the case was on • appeal "to ; tho
Supreme Court. Another proceeding '\u25a0 of
• similar -nature was on trial in -the San
| Francisco Superior Court. Still another
i proceeding to - determine the validity of
| the trust clause in the will of Harry
i Floyd's mother had been instituted, and
it looked as if litigation might eat up the
fortune. None of : the parties concerned
wanted this to happen and so & compro
: mlse was suggested. As one of the law
yers puts it, "Neither, side suggested a
compromise. It- just happened like two
people deciding to get married." .
Gopcevic's lawyers, Charles Wheeler
and Judge John F. Davis, figured out I
about what it would cost to fight the case
to a finish, and $50,000 is the..amount upon
which they decided to compromise. Judge
James Magulre and. Carl Lindsay, on the
other side, helped their opponents to be
lieve future litigation would cost that
much, and so it was agreed all around
to settle and auit. d
King Peter of Servia lacks the money
to buy a crown, and in honor of the sea
son, Gopcevic, even though he be of the
Obrenovich pretenders, ought to remem
ber his royal compatriot.
Mnalc In the Park.
The following i 3 the programme of
music In Golden, Gate Park to-day and
to-morrow: "Star-Spangled Banner";
march, "Peter Piper" (S. R. Henry);
overture, •'Hungarian Lustspiel" (Keler
Bela); waltz, "La Soiree' (J. S. Nathan);
solo for trombone (selected). Thomas
Ingram; grand fantasie. "Die Walkure"
(Wagner); overture, "Poet and Peas
ant" (Suppe); "Serenade" (Schubert-
Horst); selection. "The Burgomaster"
(Luders); descriptive. "In a Bird Store"
(Orth); fantasia, "Rigoletto" (Verdi).
"Star-Spangled Banner"; march, "Inde
pendence" (Schellbach) ; overture. "Or
pheus" (Offenbach); waltz, "Blue
Danube". (Strauss): "Grand American
Fantasia" (Herbert); . overture. "Wil
liam Tell" (Rossini); song, "The Holy
City" (Adams): selection, Tantana"
(Hubbell); American sketch, "Down
South" (Myddleton); selection, "Robin
Hood" (De Koven).
Snntchea Woman's Purse.
Mrs. Mary Murphy, who lives in
Port Costa, arrived in this city yester
day with the intention of making her
Christmas purchases. She met with
disappointment, however, for her purse,
which she carried in her hand, was
snatched by a thief who walked up be
hind her at the junction of Powell and
Market streets. Before the astonished
woman realized what had occurred the
thief made good his escape In the
crowded street. The" purse contained
$40 and her return ticket. Police Cor
poral Fabian Callahan handed Mrs.
Murphy $1 with which to get home.
Mallenkopf Says* He Warn Held Up.
William Mallenkopf. 608 Jessie street,
appeared at the Central Emergency
Hospital yesterday morning at 6 o'clock
for repairs to his face and heatf. He
complained to Dr. Goodale, who dressed
his wounds, that he had been held up
and robbed of a gold watch and $160.
The man's inebriated condition caused
his story to be taken with little
seriousness.
POWERS' ATTORNEYS PLACE
LITTLE CREDENCE IX STORY
Never Heard of Man Who Says He Can
Clear Their Client of Complicity
In Goebel Murder.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Dec 23. — Former
Governor Richard Yates, who is one of
the attorneys for Caleb Powers, former
Secretary, of State for Kentucky, de
clared to-day, that he knew, nothing of
Charles E. Ehlers, the Bakersfleld, Cai
man who alleges that he has informa
tion that will clear Powers of the
charge of complicity in the murder of
Goebel. Yates had never heard of
Ehlers until ho read the newspaper ac
count to-day of the man's story. Ap
parently he places little credence in the
story. ' ' ' -""*s
Pages 39 to 48
WOMAN 1 TVHOSE ESTATE IS SUB- I
JECT OF COMPROMISE. AND }
THE CHIEF BENEFICIART. J
STUDY WRECKS
A GIRL'S MIND
Former Stanford Student to
Be Examined for Insan
ity Two Days After Xnias
PRESENTS SAD PLIGHT
Apparently Lives in Con
stant Dread That She Is
to Be Harmed by Some One
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 23."— Pitiful
in the extreme is the ease of Grace Bald
win, a young woman 25 years old and a
resident of. Ontario, who was brought be
fore Judge Bledsoe In the> Superior Court
for commitment to tbo hospital for" th-a
insane. For five years the young woman
has been a student of Stanford Univer
sity. "While there she made such unusual
efforts to her studies that her mind ha 3
given way.
A remnant of reason seemed to show
Itself, however, when she was brought be
fore the Judge for a hearing, as she firm
ly Insisted on her right to be represented
by counsel. She was therefore ordered
sent to the County Hospital and her casu
will come up for final hearing on "Wednes
day, December 2T, at 10 o'clock.
Apparently at on© time, a remarkably
attractive girl. Grace " Baldwin presented
to-day the haggard, haunted appearance
of the unbalanced in -mind. "With fixed
look sno paced the floor, restlessly, stop
ping s-idden'y to. speak to some- one abonc
the visions broujht on through the dfs
eased condition of her mind. Her strong
est hallucination i 3 that some one wishes*
to do her bodily harm, which led to her
insisting on sleeping with some dangerous
weapon. under. her pillow. for. the last. two
weeks.
SEASON'S FRUIT SALES
AMOUNT TO $1,300,000
Records of Growers' Ex
change in Los Angeles Are
Astonishing.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— Last night
practically closed the holiday shipments
of citrus fruit, and It was reported to-day
at the California Fruit Growers' Ex
change that both in the number of carloads
sold and the amount of money received
business has , been satisfactory, showing
somethings like 35 cents a box more money
realized for navel oranges that a. year
ago. The exchange has sold this season
700 carloads more of citrus fruits than a
year ago at the same date, and has taken
in for the fruit already sold approximately
$1,300,000 in cash, which Is beinjc OiatrH*
ut«i to th» rrower* — \u008440
THE_^CALIi
JOHX D. SPRECKELS. . . .Proprietor
Address Ccrnra.-nlcs.Ucns to
JOHX McXAUGHT .Managei
\V. J. MARTIX Easiness Manager
TELEPHONE. ~— —
A«k tor The CalL The Operator Will Oon-
ceet Ton With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and ThlrS. S. F.
Editorial Rooms. 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Dcllverea ty Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by _aIL Including Postage (Caah Wltn
4 Order): __ ._.
DAILY CALL flndud. Sundays). 1 year. .s«•«>
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos...
DAILY CALL— By etagle Month «°°
C UNDAT CALL. 1 Year J.W
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year * *.
«X)REI_N fD-tly ...S3.RO Per Year Extra
SKSS. {«;; &IS letr _££
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
fcample copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. „ .
Man subscribers In oraering change •£ »^
<!ress ahould be particular to give both I*_w
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance wltn tneir re-
suest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10M
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
143* F*r_ Street. Near Santa Oar* AT«nu«.
Phone Alameda 559.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
fits Center Street Telephone Nor— T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
H. E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWB STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
7nlon Square ; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Jotcl and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWB STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
N'orthera Hotel; Trenaont House; Au<Utortum
cotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building
O_mg Distance Telephone. "Central 261».">
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
TTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Bquar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Eaa Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open uaul
12 o'clock every night In the year. <\u25a0
BRANCH OFFICES:
tOOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
Up.a
tOB Montgomery aye.; open until 9 p- ~- - *
tOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S3» McAllister ctreet; open until 0:30 p. tn.
US Lerkla street; open until 8:30 p. m.
IMI Mission etreet; cpen until 10 p. — .
lOS Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
.094 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
!200 Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. in.
1314 J street, near Ocean boulevard; open un-
. til 9 p. m.
RCAJU ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAI~U
NET .SON. JOHNSON A CO-
SOS Montgomery St.. cpp. Mills Bldg.
SNAP.
BARGAIN.
MUST BE SOLD.
$6,250 — North side; main business street
south of market, near 6tb; 4 good flats;
rents $50; the adjoining property sold
last week for $7500; nothing in the block
= selling at under $300 per front ft.; a
positively assured j>ro2t cf $1250 to one
who caa act Quick.
$7,250 — Harriet Bt* backing against 6th-st.
• . property; the bare ground selling at
i:U> per front ft., yet here you can get
« weU-buiU flats in good condition on a
• 80-ft. lot for less than what the bare
_Tound has been aold for.
$2i, 75'' — Opposite the proposed site of the "West-
. em Pacific deyot; 4exlCs. _ running
through frcm street to street well im-
proved, with 6 well-built, modern flats;
• rent* $122 per month; these rents are
the rents of the dull times and should
bp at least 25 »er cent higher; main car
line street and within a rew steps of a
transfer rxrint.
$25.000 — ath at., few feet from Howard: great
big lot. with choice Improvements; ab-
solutely the cheapest let on this choice
business thoroughfare.
$S,7so— Beautiful Presidio Heights flats: up-
to-date in every respect; « and 7 rooms
and bath; on Clay street's choicest block,
surrounded by new and up-to-date lm-
.provements on all sides; choicest resi-
dence section in the city.
$8,750— 50-ft. frontage on Buchanan 6t., near
Union; 6 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
first-claes condition; rer.ts $72; same
tenants for years: imi^rovcments alone
cost $«*O.
$10.000— Bryant et.. few steps from 3d; double
lot. running- through to rear street; $SCO'J
bank mortgage can remain; 4 well-built
flats in good condition.
$s,ooo— Harrison et.. north eide. near Bth; 3-
story building; '.i flats; also cottage;
rents $40 60; these are the rents cf the
du!l times, which have never been in-
creased.
$6, C00— Bryant St., near 7th; 27:6 frontage;
right In the midst cf the activity; an
immediate Increase in value assured: no
Ions: dflay; here is where all the heavy
buying Is.
\u25a0 $6,750 — 7th fct., near Bryant; 4 flats; first-
clasa condition; ju»t like new; modern
plumbing; Al investment, with good fu-
ture.
$4.250— 30-ft. lot on Folsom St., near 24th;
cottage cf 5 rooms and bath; in first-
class condition; lot alone worth the price
asked; this ia a choice section, with nice
improvements on all aides.
$10,250 — Folsom et., ground alone selling In
this block at $425 r*r front ft.; this lot
has 2 frontages and is improved with _
stores and flat of 5 rooms, also cottage
on rear -treet.
$11.000— Bryant et., near 9th; 60- ft. frontage;
thle U positively a. enap and the cheap-
est property Jn the entire section: In
view of the activity in this immediate
section a oerson is absolutely assured
of a rjrcflt of $2000 or more possibly,
even before the sale Is closed.
118,000— Folsojn «t.. near 6th; great big lot.
Improved with modern Improvements; 2
stcres and 3 flats; new plumbing, etc ;
the cheapest piece on the street.
NELSON, JOHNSON A CO..
208 Montgomery «t.. opp. Mills BMf.
cOL GETZ & SON. REAL ESTATE OWNERS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK AND OCEAN-
BIDB LOTS!
Profit by our Judicious purchases.
TTe eelect our properties In best locations.
All Make Money that buy from us.
$65» to $l_So— Graded lots in Oceanslce ready
. to build on; near Park. Ocean and cars- unob-
structed view of Ocean and park. Easy' terms.
*SZO to nooo— Lots along Ocean Shore R. R.
Route; also fronting Ocean Boulevard- buy
from owners; best values; easiest terms'*
1500 to $800— Richmond Height lots; choic-
est ho_« sites ever offered at lowest prices.
Buperb view of Park. Ocean and Snreckela
I_ke from every lot. Choicest locations Cor-
rer Point Lobos and 34th ayes. Lots In traded
block cannot be beaten. * ro
See Them To-day.
Ocean-tee Branch Office, Corner "H" St. and
*.ib Aye.
Open Dally ana Sundays.
$160 1 to $400— Exoelslor Homestead and Ocean
View lots, only $5 monthly. «ce_n
P $1500 to $3800— Modern cottages; eplendld lo-
cations In Sunset. Richmond. OceatusW, an <l
Excelsior Homestead.
Eaey Terms.
BOL OHTZ * SON, OWNERS A DEALERS,
noem m. Fourth Floor. Chronicle Bldg.
FOR sale by
JULIEN SMITH, 420 Montgomery Bt.
c '.v MARKET-ST. CORNER.
See that fine, level, sunny corner of Market
and Seventeenth sts.; only $200 per foot Is it
s«»ir?^ to ti_2rsuSt" property " to «?:
HOWARD AND THIRTEENTH STS
Corner Lot. .109x119.
In the very center of the district now most
Interesting buyers; only two blocks from Mar-
ket st. and en or near incoming railroads. No
*-orner of Its Else tor «ale east of It on Mission.
\u25a0 Howard or Folsom sts.
NOW A SMALL CORNER.
Store, S rooms and basement; flat of 4 eunny
rooms above, and house of 6 rooms all for
SGOOO; or trill sell tbls week at your 'offer if
reasonable; one block of Hyde-fit, cars. '
f2OOO— A BARGAIN; new 5-room. modern cot-
tape, bath. etc.. stationary tubs, latest open
nickel plumbing; all street work done; $500
each, balance fame as rent. IGlIi Diamond
•t.. ncer 2sth; take Castro or 29th et. care;
owner.
ItOTHERMEL. A CO.. GO7 California st.. have
some good bargains in city property; also
bouses, and lots in Berkeley. Oakland and
Alasteda. Call or write for what you want.
IT-C_»^_ ii in_i__ is i__H__— mil ft>i_iiH"T|_iniii_i iiiiiii_ -.' .-, .- -f, ,- _ ... I, r iii—bi
', HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR* SALE.
U. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.,
Heal Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$37. &00— Choice Bush-st. holding, close to Grant
aye.; good site for apartment- house or
office building; lot 45:10x125 Irregular,
running to rear street; mortgage $15,000
at 6 i?er cent can remain; cheapest buy
in this section: old Improvements rent
for $87 per month.
$30,000— Rents $3036 per annum; Vallejo-st.
. corner, commanding an unobstructed
i marine view; Improved with 6 substan-
tial and modem flats; must be sold to
close an estate; building alone cost $20,-
s27,ooo— Rents S2ICO per annum; should be at
least $2460 per annum; corner near De-
vis&dero and Oak; Improved with a sub-
stantial building containing stores and
flat*; rented low; lot 40 feet frontage.
$20.000— EUe 81x127:6; a eplendld corner resi-
dence site In the marine view section -of
the Western Addition, not far from the
Presidio; tr-ere are very few corners of
this description to be had.
. \u25a0
i $17,500— Corner Brannan st. close to 3d; only
one block from the 8. P. depot; large
holding containing 6775 square feet with
three frontages; present improvement*
in very good condition; rents* nominal at
$1134 per annum; this is the cheapest
buy of the character on the market.
$11,000 — Reduced from $12,500; Investment in
three modern and well arranged flat?;
and a choice 6-roora cottage; nicely sit-
uated; near Frederick and Clayton; lot
50x130; rents $1110 per annum; this
property warrants the attention of both
homeseekers and investors.
$10,000 — Rents $696 per annum; 2-story brick
building, close to Sacramento and Front
sts.; must be sold to close an estate.
$7,500 — Rents $6CO Der annum; corner near '
Duboce Park; improved with two aub- !
etantial flats of 6-6 rooms; never Idle;
commands a fine view of the Park on
the sunny side of the street; a bargain.
16,760 — Rents $C6O per annum: 2 modern flats
of 5-6 rooms and bath; artistic In every
respect; near McAllister at., inside of
Ist aye.; marine view; lot 25x95; the
modern buildings In this neighborhood
make the location most desirable.
______ . V ;
$5,100 — Rents $570 per annum; 4 substantial
flats near Oth and Harrison; building
contains 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms each,
and has recently- been renovated and
painted and Is now In first-class condi-
tion; lot la 25x75, backing to Folsom;
mortgage $2600 at 6 r>er cent.
For further particulars of the above, and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at our offlc* 5 .
i
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St..
Real Estate Agenta and Auctioneers.
OSCAR HEYMAN & li\~.. 115 SUTTER ST.
POINT LOBOS HEIGHTS.
Fronting on Point Lobos aye., A St., 41st and
42d ayes.; the only block in this district assuring
you a blrdseye view of the ocean, beach and
park; lots and street now being graded to tho
official line: gas and water pipes laid; lots can
be bought on easy terms; take Clement-st. car
and ride to 41st aye.; branch office on the
grounds.
SEASIDE HEIGHTS NO. 2.
The first time on the market; lots on I and J
st*., 3Sth and 29th ayes.; no automobiles re-
quired to reach this property, ac It is only 1
block from H-st. car line; the elevation is 110
; feet above the ocean, assuring you an unob-
: structed marine view; lots to be graded and
board walk to be laid from the car line to the
property; reasonable prices, easy terms; wator
and electricity can be had.
BAKERS BEACH. MARINE VIEW LOTS.
Grand marine view corner, 45x100 feet, front-
ing on West Clay st. and 25th aye. ; nothing
short of a panorama; lots In the same block
30x120 feet each, fronting on 25th aye. and
Lake et.; graded and sewered.
OCEANSIDE DISTRICT.
$300 and upward; choicest and cheapest lots
rear the ocean beach and Parkslde District;
call to-day at our branch office, corner of
Ocean boulevard and M st.
RICHMOND HEIGHTS.
Lots on C St., 2Sth aye., 07th. 41st and 42<J
ayes., overlooking the park and Spreckels Lake;
you will double your money by buying a lot In
this locality.
LOTS IN- THE GOLDEN CITY TRACT.
$300 each, $5 down and $5 monthly; level and
ready to build on; only half block from the
San Bruuo-ave. car line; call at our branch of-
fice, 2574 San Bruno aye., agent will chow you
around; take Folsom-st. car, transfer at Pre-
cita aye.
$150 lote. $5 down and $5 a month ; positively
the cheapest and best lots ever offered for the
money; close to San Bruno and Railroad a\es.
car line; agent at 2574 San Bruno aye. will
show you the lots.
$350 Excelsior Homestead lots; 7 lots sold In
one week in our new block fronting on Madri'l,
Kdlnburgh ets. and India aye. ; take Mißslon-ht.
car and ride to Silver aye.; only 1 block to
walk.
START THE NEW YEAR
In your own home; you will certainly be better
off. We can sell you a home on terms equal
to rent; the Interest Is only 6 per cent and de-
creases with each payment. _
NEW COTTAGES.
ALABAMA ST.. NEAR PRECITA AYE.
5-room and bath cottage, now building; you
can buy It with your rent money; look at It
while It Is being constructed; that is the way
to tell how a house is built.
Beautiful modern. 6-room and bath,* 1%-
story cottage; lot 30 feet frontage; Hoffman
and Alvarado sts.; take Mlssion-st. cars up
Twenty-second et. to Hoffman aye.
OSCAR HEYMAN A BRO.. 115 SUTTER ST.
FOR SALE BY M. B. LEVY.
117 Sutter St., near Montgomery.
$31,000 — Business cor. Folsom and 12th Bts. :
lot 50x117: good Improvements; will
rapidly enhance In value.
$17,500 — Sutter and Laguna, 3 modern flats, up-
to-date In all respects; rent $150 per
month. . : . -.
1(11,500 — Halght and Pierce sts. : 3 modern flats,
7 rooms each; lot 27:6x87:6; rent
$67 50; nearly 10 per cent per annum.
$17,000 — Two flate. 8 rooms each; up-to-date
In all respects; rent $120 per month;
Franklln-st. corner; Pacific Heights.
$15,000 — Business property on Washington fit.,
bet. Montgomery and Kearny; eclid
brick Improvements.
$7.500 — Business corner. Fillmore and Waller;
Improved; will rapidly Increase in
value.
$11,500 — Three modern flats on Shotwell St.,
bet. 14th and lfith., of 8 rooms each:
new; rent $00 per month; $SOCO can re-
main on mortgage.
$5,500 — Clementina St.. near 6th: 3 flats; rent
$."i5O per annum: always rented.
HAWKS & SKELTON
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
$36.000 — Front St., near Clay: brick building
in the wholesale district; lease 4 years
at the low rent of $170 per month; lot
27:8x120.
$20,000 — Corner; fine building, stores and flats;
on Leavenworth st.. north of Jackson;
rents $110 per month.
$12,500 — West line Of Stelner st.. n*-ar Vallejo;
handsome, modern house of 10 rooms;
fine marine view; lot 27:0x110.
$10,000 — Investment paying 6 per cent net;
Bush st., near Van Ness aye.; 2 front-
ages.
$13,500 — 2 modern flats on 50 feet on Polk «t.,
near Filbert; 7 rooms each; fine Vnarlne
view; nice garden on half the lot.
$3,250 — Flats on Treat aye., near 20th; street
wide and bltumlnlzed; rents $34; a good
Investment.
$9.500^ — Filbert %t.. between Hyde and Larkin;
good house of 10 rooms : lot 48x137.
$LOO0 — Corner. 100x150. . In Bay View Home-
stead; close to electric cars; a snap.
$2,000 — Inside lot, 150x200; near the above.
Another snap.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 Montgomery St.
A COZY cottage in Garden Tract Homestead 1 ;
located "bet. San Bruno and Railroad ayes. ;
convenient to Rlsdon and Union Iron works;
4 rooms; hard finish; newly renovated: high
basement:- brick foundation; lot- 25x100;
$1700; SIBO cash, balance like rent.
Fine bargain; Inglestde residence, 7 rooms;
almost new: two blocks from car line; lot 25x
100: $1700: $150 caFh, balance like rent.
Neat cottage of S rooms In Sunnyslde: brick
foundation: shed* and chicken-houses; let 25x
100; price $575; $75 down, balance like rent.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
large corner lot. •
eighth and howard,
in subdivisions.
pricesTright.
McEWEN BROS..
11 S MONTGOMERY ST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE. "
BALDWIN A HOWELL, .
25 POST ST. j
$14,500— California St., near Larkin: lot 37:6
xl 37:0; fairly well Improved; splendid
site for apartments or flats. *i "
$10,000— Jackson at., near Spruce; lot 50x
127:6; sunny side; fashionable Presidio
Heights district; owner "non-resident;
• snap.
$6,ooo— Twenty-fifth aye., north of Lake; lot
104x120; street .- graded, sewered and
macadamized; fine marine -view; OWN-
ER MUST HAVE MONEY !'.
$3,250 — Oak-st. lot; Panhandle swell
location; 25x100; cheap.
$3,ooo— Corner in good Mission district; 30x
114; partly unimproved; balance occu-
pied by store and flat above; rents $2S
a month. ••
$4,425 — Broderick St., near Jackson; house of
' 6 rooms and bath ; lot 25x87.
$3,600 — Nice 6-room and basement house In
Parnassus Heights district; only a few
steps from * H-st. car line.
$9,150 — Willard St., near Carl; 3 elegant flats
of 5-6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x105;
rents $77 50.
Send for. our monthly "Buyer and Seller,"
containing a comprehensive Hat of choice prop-
erty for sale.
SAN MATEO PARK
Will soon be broucht within 24 minutes of
San Francisco. All a land ride. Already' thf
Bay Shore Cutoff has tunneled through the
Potrero hills, the monthly commutation will
be cheaper and Kan Mateo Is th» prettiest
Spot on the peninsula.
All this goes to make our 100-foot villa lots
more valuable, but we keep on asking the
same price of $7 a foot for them. Lots have
sewer and water pipes laid, roads macadam-
ized, shads trees and unequaled view. Ask
for maps and photos. /
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 POST ST.
FRANK S. GRUMMON, San Mateo and
Burllngame.
. _„___
PRESIDIO TERRACE. .
First aye., Opposite Washington st.
A residence Dark exclusively for homes:
we cut 40 lots out of th« property instead
of 150 of the 25-foot" kind, giving you plenty
of room and light. Quite a few people are
taking advantage of our foresight by building
beautiful homes there. \u25a0No flats or apart-
ments. Just homes.
Let us show you the property.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
PARK LOTS.
PARK LOTS.
PARK LOTS.
We have for sale the best bargains In build-
ing lots In and about Parnassus Heights.
Lots with street work all done between
H and I sts; $1000 and upward.
Cheapest lots in Sunset and Ocean Beach
boulevard. Easy terms.'
Grand marine view lots, in Sutro Heights
Addition; all SO- foot lots; all street .work
done; sewer, water, gas and electricity; fine
homes will be built here; prices will go up
rapidly. Four streetcar llnes-'to Sutro Heights
Addition.
SPECULATORS AND INVESTORS'.!
Lots, corners, large portions of blocks and
whpla blocks north and south of Golden Gate
Park at lowest possible figures.
Branch office cor. H et. and Sixth aye.
Branch office cor. 49th aye. and Fulton St.,
Sutro Heights Addition.
Open every day and Sundays.
DAVID HIRSCHLER, Manager.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, Agents,
25 Post street.
$40.C00w-ELEGANT* new -flats niear Hyde and
Clay sts.: rri'odern In every particular:
rents $320 per month; large lot; sunny
side of street. BALDWIN & HOWELL. .
\ 25 Post st. "
$10,000 — FINE business Investment; rented un-
der lease: splendid building; concrete
basement and foundation; store and bay-
- window flat of 7 rooms and bath; How-
ard st.: rents $720 per annum.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post St.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. <Inc),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
$16,000—30x137:6; Poit St., near Franklin;
Modern house of 14 rooms and baths;
suitable for physician.
$15,000— Union St.. near Laguna; 50x137:6;
stores and flats renting for $125 per mo.
$14.500 — W:9x137:6. with L 20x75 feet: Wash-
ington st., near Jones, with substantial
house of 10 rooms and bath.
$13,500—51 feet frontage; Webster St.. near
Jackson; old improvements.
$13,500—25x137:6; California St.. near Buch-
anan; two thoroughly modern flats of 7
rooms and bath, renting for $105 per
month.
$10,000— Sutter St.. near Laguna: 34:4x137:6; 2
well-built houses of 7 rooms and bath
each: renting for $72 per month.
$gtsog t 500 — 26x137:0; McAllister st.. near Baker;
2 beautiful flats of G and 7 rooms and
bath each; finished basement.
$S,O<X) — 27x137:6; Post St.. near Laguna: well-
built house of i> rooms and bath; bank
mortgage of $4000 can remain.
58,000 — 25x107; Sacramento st. near Spruce;
2 splendid flats of 5 and 6 rooms; should
be seen to be appreciated.
$7.25O — 41:3-foot frontage; Larkin st.. near
Filbert; 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms, rent-
ing for $50.
$7,100—25x123; Sacramento st.. near Webster;
2 modern flats of 5 rooms each, renting
for $66.
|7 ( 000 San Jose aye., near 25th; 11-room
residence in the sunny belt of the Mis-
sion. _,
$6,750—25x127:6 to rear street; Pine st., near
Stelner- gocd residence of 0 rooms and
bath, with two flats on rear street.
$5 000—50x106:3: east line of Clayton st,
south of Waller; will subdivide; offer
-T-S; wanted. *
$4.750 — 25x137:6; Fulton St.. near Central
aye.; modern cottage • of 6 sooms and
bath.
MISSI ° N D.COFF R £ l & CO. EState -
sl2so— SW. corner 22d and Sanchez et.; lot
30x76:6. level and ready for building.
$2000— Lot 25x112:G; west line of Harrison St.;
170 feet north of 25th et. .
$3goo House 8 rooms and bath: 951 Alabama
st.. bet. 216t and 22d; street work all
jICCO 2 corners, 15th aye., through R «t.: 8
lots In rear of this for $4000.
•4000 House of S r. and b., 271 San Carlos
aye., bet. 10th and 20th; rents for $27 50
per mo.: street work all done; modern
plumbing.
$SoO— Lot 100x125. south line of Sadowa St.,
200 feet cart of Orizaba; ocean view.
$3500— Lot 50x75, NW. corner 25th and Church
ets.; street work on Church st. done;
level and ready to build on.
$1500— Lot 50x53:0, E. line of. Mission St., 100
feet north of Italy: street work done.
$650— Lot 25x114. south line of Mateo st., 75
feet west of Chenery.
$7250— Tw0 new flats, 5-tt r. and b.. 2.12-14
Howard st.; rented $57 50; permit required
13efor» you move telephone Mission 203 for
our list of Mission property to let and for sale.
D. COFFIN & CO.,
g.-ftS Mission *t., near 21st.
UNITED STATES IMPROVEMENT AND IN-
VESTMENT. COMPANY.
538 California st.
REAL ESTATE DEPARTMENT.
$40 COO— Choice corner, vicinity Van Neea and
Broadway: 137:fix178; Improvements on
portion of lot: make offer.
$18,000— Exceptionally fine ..business corner:
Hyde f<t.: old buildings on: can be Im-
proved to pay 10 per cent: lot 45x67:6. .
$14,500 — 3 very hand«ome flats; best part Green
st.; marine view: rented . sl3Bo a year;
-. lot 27:6x95.
$4,750— Cottage home; vicinity Union and Fill-
more ets. : 6 rooms and - bath, etc. ; . 30
feet frontage. '
$400 APIECE for two lots. 25x120 each, south
of the Park and within half, block of pro-
posed street' car line: only . seven 6hort
blocks f re— the • ocean ; . all ready to build
your "Little Happy Home" on and discharge
your landlord: $50 down, balance $10 per
month; no taxes :' less than rent; no agents.
Box 1608, Call office. .
AT THE CLIFF HOUSE BEACH.
Thiß proposition beats paying rent; a houro
of 4 ' rooms and C-foot basement, all- " fur-
nished, coal stove, kitchen utensils, crockery
and tableware: kitchen' table, 2 -iron be<l-
F.teaas. one hair . mattress, \u25a0 one bed couch,
desk . and carpets: ' house and all ' for $350 ; if
sold at once. Inquire box 3491, Call office. .
$2200— TWO .flat n off: Harrison *t.. between
Seventh and Eighth; rent $24. Box 3932, Call."
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
SAGE. DEALEY & CO.,
63S Market st.. Opp.. Palace Hotel.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Hou&es Rented. Rents Collected.' ; Insurance.
$52, 500—91x137 : 6 f eet ; Important corner on
Main and Howard sts.; mortgage of $15,-
000 can remain. • \u25a0
$70,000— Stores and flats renting for $4104 per
annum; good buy; situated in a fine
business locality; close in; lot 75 f«et
frontage. \u25a0 • \u25a0 '
$41,000 — Magnificent corner well Improved with
12 brand new flats: positively the very
latest improvements . throughout ; gas
and electric fixtures; gas grates; marble
steps; tiled sinks; fireplaces; bu * on
" large area of ground 4<JxlOo feet; vres-
ttgation will show that flats are itnted
very low to first-class tenants; rents
$3C5 per 'month.
$io,ooo— Drumm st.; 3-story and basement
brick building on large lot, 32:6 feet
frontage by 75 feet: present rent $2CO
per month; mertgage of $25,000 can re-
main; this Is positively the best buy
In this vicinity.
$40,000— Apartment-house investment, contain-
ing 12 modern apartment flats of 4 rooms
' and bath each, with storage room in
basement for each flat; also private
hall for each flat; built on lot 55x137:8
feet; mortgage of *IS,OOO can remain;
property situated in choice locality on,
Sutter .st.
$40,000— Extremely large corner on Valencia
St.; Important holding; 57x90 feet; well
improved with 2 stores and 4 flats of
• 6-7 rooms each: ten foot concrete base-
ment; rents $220 per month: will stand
i large Increase; cquld easily obtain mort-
gage o/ $25,0C0.
$30,000 — 00 foot frontage on Folsom st.. near
•Sixth- portion of lot running through
• to rear street, 160 feet in depth; rents
$155 per month; this Is a choice holding
and easily worth $35,000; mortgage of
*.\u25a0 - $15,000 can remain; a quick turn to oe
1 made. - .'\u25a0'
$26,500— Important business investment on
Hayes st., near Franklin; 37x120 feet
through to rear street; 2 frontages; very
well improved; 3-etory building, stores
and flats; rents $131 per month; this Is
positively the best business block on
$20,000 — Pine st., near Leavenworth. 44:6 x
1."57:U feet: improved with two large dou-
ble houses; same could easily be changed
into" apartment-house to pay handsome-
ly: plans already In architect's hands.
$15,500— Greatly reduced: Hayes st. corner,
consisting of six brand new flats of 4-5
rooms each- rents ?13S 50 per month;
mortgage of $7500 can remain.
$11,000— Valuable holding on Nineteenth St.,
00 feet west of Mission; 37:0 feet front-
age by 85 feet in depth; rent' $73 per
month. ' .
$10,500—2 elegant flats of 0 rooms and bath;
social \u25a0 hall and three finished rooms In
basement; 1 rooms and bath in upper
flat; large, light, sunny rooms; thorough-
ly up-to-date and modern: Clayton St.,
near Halfsht: in close proximity to Gold-
<-t\ Gate Park.' '
$0,500— Six magnificent flats of 3-4 rooms
and bath each; new; permanently rent-
ed at $100 per month; the flats are well
• built and thoroughly modern through-
out; this property would readily sell for
$12,500.
$7,750—2 fine flats on Ellis St., east of Bu-
chanan; rents $G2 50 per month; mort-
gage of $3000 can remain.
$7,soo— Greatly reduced: 3 magnificent flats;
choice portion of Western Addition;
these flats have Just besn completed;
rents $74 per month.
$7,soo— Beautiful Mission residence of 10
rooms and bath; entire house finished
with cedar; architecture of same cannot
be excelled. n
$5,6C0— Twenty-fourth st.. between Church
and Sanchez- store with living rooms; 2
flats above; rent $50 per month.
$5,5 C0 — Fuur 4-room flats on Minna St., near
Seventh: one- half block from new Pcst-
offlce; always rented for $528 per an-
num; mortgage of $2500 can remain;
rents should be increased.
$3,650 — Greatly reduced; east line of Harriet
St.. near Brannan; lot backing up to
. Slxth-st. property; assured future; Im-
' proved with 4 flats; patent tank toilets;
rents $32 per month.
$I.3oo— Lot on H street, near Seventeenth
aye.; oiily $«00 cash required; mortgage
of $7CO can remain; owl cars pass the
property.
$1,200 — Valuable building corner. 32:6x100
feet; Forty-first aye. and I sts.. Sunset
district; property Is situated one block
from car line.
$SoO— soxl2o feet on Thirty-ninth aye.; one
half block from proposed electric street
railroad; buy this before values- ad-
vance.
SAGE, DEALEY & CO.,
638 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
$5,250— C105e to Bth Et., 4 nice flats in good
condition, renting for $47 per month; lot
25x75; this Its In a location that Is rap-
idly enhancing In value and at the same
• time paying a nice rate of interest on
' the actual Investment.
$8,500 — Must be sold and offer would probably
-•• be entertained; close to Leavenworth
\u25a0' and Clay sts., a substantial -bay window
, - : residence of 10 rooms and bath ln,a
number one condition and nice sunny
yard. A mortgage of $5000 can be had
if desired.
$9,500 — Would submit a reasonable offer;
O'Farrell St., near Octavla, a superb lo-
cation; substantial 2-story residence of
5 rocrns and bath, high basement; could
be converted Into flats at a small out-
lay; lot 27:0x120 through to a rear st.
A rare opportunity.
$30,000— Western Addition, NW corner; best
part; substantial new modern building- of
6 flats of 4, 5 and 6 rooms and baths;
rents $250; let 27x87:0; mortgage of
$18,000 can remain If desired.
$3,000— Near Valencia and lSth Bts., substan-
tial 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 feet; easy terms can bo ar-
ranged if desired.
$12,500— Close to new Fairmont Hotel; 4 sub-
stantial bay window flats. 5 and 6 rooms
and baths each; rents $95 per month;
lot 45x90 feet. A nice preposition.
$5,252 — C pt., near Oth aye., splendid loca-
tion and close to the park: two new bay
window flats of 4 ana 5 rooms; rents $44
.per month.
$5,750 — Near Pacific and Jones. 4 flats of 3
rooms and hath* each; In good condi-
tion: rents $50 ' per month: larpre lot. -
sl4, CftO— Close to EUlf» St.. 0 substantial flats
• of 3 and 6 rooms and baths: rent $140
per month; lot 50x90 feet; a fine buy.
$5,250— O'Kjirrell et., corner; property has
three frontages: hcuse contains 7 rooms
and baths; could be easily converted Into
3 nice flats at a small expense.
I have some tempting propositions to offer
in flats and Investments — set my list.
F. B. SURRYHNE. Real Estate, 114 Sutter st.
. . . HOOKER &\u25a0 LENT,
14 POST ST.
$2,4oo— Cottßge of 5 rooms and bath; near 18th
and Church sts-. ; lot 25x114; cheap.
$7,000 — Two flats, near Halght and Scott Bts.;
6 and 7 rooms and bath; fine view; lot
30x100.
. $4,000 — Rents $200 per. annum; 3-room flats;
lot 25x50- near Bryant and 7th sts.
535.CC0— Near Market and 15th sts.; lot 69: ex
150 to rear street; 2 frontages; 9 new
- flats; up to date; vacant ground for 0
more; each flat has 6 rooms and bath;
banquet hall In basement; bay window:)
front and rear; all the flats are light
and sunny; all rented; Income $27C0.
$14,000—:$ rev/ flats: rents $1100 per annurr;
lot 2<>x137:0; Post st.. near Laguna.
$2,000 — A handsome bay-window cottage of .1
rooms anil bath; lot 25x87:6; near Mis-
sion and ::oth sts.
$8,000 — Residence of. 9 rooms : and j bath; lot
27 :(ixl.'J7:d; splendid surroundings; very-
central; near Clay and Leavenworth stJ.
$7,000 — Handsome residence of S rooms anil
bath; new and very modern; excellent
inside finish; concrete foundation; alto
has automobile house In rear; lot 25x
137:6; choice neighborhood; street bltu-
minlzed; near McAllister and Kaker.
$20,000 — Corner on Polk at., near SutUr; 40 feet
frontage,
$40,000— Rents $235 per month; lot "><tel37:6;
covered with Improvements consUting of
a new 3-story building, occupied as store
and manufacturing; near Valencia and
ICth Bts.
$30,000 — Business property . between Kearny
and Montgomery sts.: 3 stores; 2 build-
ings; lot 48x137:6; rents $210.
$6,O<N) — Masonic aye., near Frederick; fine res- j
idence of. ll rooms, bath and basement;
jrrand view; 4 years old; lot 25x125.
For different lists see other papers.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post ft.
B. GETZ, ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
Owner, and Dealer.
Everybody Makes Money I Sell To!!
Bargains! Nothing But Bargains!!
Pacific Ocean Heights and Ocean Side Lots
lOth-ave. "Official" Boulevard Lots.
' Celebrated Sunset Heights Lots. ,
All on Coming Ocean Shore and Park9lde p.. r
Most Magnificent Marine and Park View
$300 to $1000— Graded lots ready to build upon.
$600 and vp — Richmond and north of Park
lots; fine views of Park, lake and ocean.
$100 to $350— Excelsior and Ocean View lots".
A ll My Properties Sold • on ': Easy Terms.
$1000 to $3000 — Cottages and. houses on terms.
'.'.'.Buy Direct \ From \u25a0 the Owner!!' \u25a0
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. SECOND FLOOR,
CHRONICLE BLDG.
$2350— HOUSE and lot at the beach, ' soath of
the Park; 10t' 25x120; new house, > containing
.' a large ; kitchen "'and dining-room, .parlor.
- two bedrooms,; clothes. closets., bathroom and
storeroom: latest Improvements; gas, hot and
' cold water; rooms all sunny ; part cash, ; bal-
ance In payments to cult. Box - 1609, \u25a0 Call
> offlce«'^»a^gn|gO^_g3_g^MBg»EEjM»*^
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR BALB.
BURR-PADDON COMPANY.
(Incorporated) . .
Tel.- Main 3794. 40 Montgomery St., S. F.
-' CITY PROPERTY FOR BALE.
$30,000— Beautiful residence 'on Pacific aye.
;> \u25a0\u25a0' --\u25a0',- for sale at a low price on account of
-" owner's desire to go East immediately:
11 rooms, not counting servants
rooms, billiard-hall, den, wine cellars,
'etc.; frontage on Pacific aye. of 63 feet;
depth of lot 127 feet; large lawn: thl*
is one of the very best buys In the
Western Addition.
r $10,000— Beautiful, large lot on Page St., 45x
120, having also frontage on smau/
street In rear; especially adapted^'To
building purposes, no grading being
necessary. -
$5,200— Large lot on Waller St., 30x100, hav-
ing double frontage, one on rear street;
especially adapted, to the building of
flats.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! ... SPECIAL!
$5.5C0— 4 flats in the Richmond District, 2
front and 2 rear; 4 and 6 rooms; in 01-
. -Z; rect car line; 25x100; Income . $72 60,
paying 15 per cent net income on the
Investment. - .
$5,000— 8-room cottage In the Mission; can »•
had for $2500 by assuming mortgage.
$9,500 — 3-story 11-room house on Oak at.;!
block from the park ; modern In con-
struction; lot 25x100.
$8,000— Large residence un Ashbury Heights,
with beautiful view of Golden Gate
Park and ocean; can be had for $5000
by assuming mortgage.
$5,0 CO — 5-room cottage on large lot facing
Euena Vista Park; within two blocks
$3,000— 7-room house on Filbert st.: lot 27 :«
xIS7; school within a 6bort distance.
$14,000— Large lot on Liberty et., 80x114; suit-
able -for large residence.
$s,ooo— Corner lot in the Mission, 25x100; es-
pecially adapted to flats and store.
$CO,OOO— Large lot near the water front: In
the wholesale district; 61:8x127:6; suit-
able for large mercantile house.
$250,000—2 apartment houses on Bush st.; an-
nual Income $27,CC0; If you are Inter-
ested it will pay you to Investigate.
$5,000— Store, living rooms and stable; on
corner In the Mission; can be had for
$3500 by assuming mortgage. .
$40.000— Lot and Improvements on Howard *.t.,
. having frontage also on side street:
27:5x155; Improvements consist of flats,
rooming-house and saloon; this la an 8
• - per cent net Investment.
$20.000— Rooming-house on Howard St., bring-
ing In a good Income.
$16,500— Rooming-house In close proximity to
center of town; leased to present ten-
ant for five years longer at $225 per
month, he making all repairs and Im-
provements.
$110,000— Apartment-house on Sacramento St.;
size of lot. 70x120-137:6; can be had
for $35,000 by assuming mortgage;
leased to present occupant at $850 per
month.
For cheap lots near Golden Gate Park call
and see what we have to offer. It may be of
Interest to you. •
BE SURE TO CALL THE FIRST THING
TUESDAY MORNING IN REGARD TO OUR
PACIFIC-AYE. RESIDENCE. PARTICULARS
OF WHICH ARE IN THESE COLUMNS.
LEHNERS & BUNDSCHU.
MANAGERS CITY DEPARTMENT.
TEL MAIN 3794. 40 MONTGOMERY ST.
MADISON & BURKE. —
Established January, 1853.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
30 Montgomery St., oap. Lick Hous«.
$62,000 — Folsom-st. corner, near 3d St.: two
frontages; 15,600 square feet; only cor
ncr on Folsom st. Inside offered for any
such pries.
$45,000— Stores and 10 flats; fine corner on
Devlsadero; new building; rent $4_oO
per annum; Increase May 1 next; lot
50x105 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Get our list of lot 3 on Pacific. Presidio. Jack-
son, Washinston. Walnut and Laurel
sts.; choice marine view; lots 30. 35
and 45 feet frontaze.
Dupont' SW. cor. Greenwich; corner and ad-
Joining pieces; grand income property.
Call for prices and particulars.
$11,000— Fine residence on O'Farrell s.t.. near
Octavla; rented low- at $65 monthly;
large lot, 30x137:6; must be sold; see
this and get a bargain.
$15,500— Six new flats, S rooms and bath each;
rent $138 50 month; fine corner on
Hay*s st.; reduced in price to make
immediate sale.
S6 250— Two nice flats on Taylor St.. near
California; rent 5-">O month; bargain;
owner wants money at once.
$9,000— 2 modern flats; Page St., near Park;
rents $870 per annum; elegantly finished :
good Investment.
$7,soo— Reduced from $8000 to make imme-
diate sale,' fine home of 10 rooms and
bath, on Walnut St.; In good location:
look at this If you want a home cheap.
$7 5CO — Shrader st. ; fine home: new; 9 rooms
and bath: lot 25x110; owner going East;
mu3t sell; make offer.
$I,soo— Reduced again; dirt cheap; fine corner
on 17th St.; three lots; beautiful site for
a fine home; must be sold. See this and
get a bargain.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Two good lots on Clipper st., cheap; large
corner. In Excelsior Homestead.
MADISON & BURKE.
;t V\u25a0 >, 30 Mont.omny st. y
$30 000. $30,000. $30,000. $30,000.
BARGAIN! BARGAIN! BARGAIN I
RESIDENCE ON PACIFIC AYE.
Situated in the same block with
the most beautiful and costly man-
sion In San Francisco. f
THIS IS POSITIVELY THE BEST
BUY IN -THE CITY TO-DAY.
NOTE PARTICULARS.
LOT:
61 "4x127 :P 1 i — terraced and drained.
IMPROVEMENTS:
Grand'ay constructed two-story
basement and attic house; hard
\u25a0 finish. Built by present - owner
. for solid comfort— expense was no
object. The finest woods and fix-
tures being Imported especially: 11
rooms not counting large and well-
equipped billiard hall, wine cellars,
store rooms, servants' quarters,
etc. Every piece of wood for in-
terior decoration was specially *
selected and polished; beautiful In-
laid floors; everything of the very
\u25a0 bMt - VIEW:
From the windows of this house
\u25a0 * Is to ba had the most magnificent
of views — which nothing can ob-
street. Lylnsr before you Is the
city bay. Golden Gate. Marin
County Hills and Pacific Ocean.
REMEMBER THIS CAN NEVER *
BE TAKEN FROM YOU.
SITUATION:
It Is situated in the very best
residence district of this city. The
houses on every and all sides are
occupied by the most prominent
people in San Francisco. _^
THIS PLACE MUST BE SEEN
TO BE FULLY APPRE-
CIATED.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
AND PERMISSION TO BEE
THE PLACE APPLY TO
BURR-PADDON CO..
. Incorporated,
40 Montgomery st.
Tel. Main 3704.
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO..
HOME PROVIDERS,^.
616 Sacramento st.
Take Hoffman-ave. car at Mission st.. get off
at Church st. and walk to Army st.. between
Church and Sanchez sts.. where we are now
building a modern and substantial cottage.
Your rent money will pay for one Just like
It. or changed to suit you. We charge only
bank rates of Interest. on deferred payments
and glv* you a square deal, which all our past
patrens will certify to. .
This is a chance' you should not let so by,
as it means the first step to become inde-
pendent . _ r '\u25a0 '
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.. OWNERS,
616 Sacramento st. .
' If you are looking for a choice lot tn the
Mission or Richmond districts, for speculative
purposes or for a home, don't fall to call on
us aa \u25a0we can save you money. W e have sn
excellent selection of lots and know; we can
SU Rf>mernber you are dealing with the owners
direct. WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.
MONTELL & GOREVAN,
225 Emma Spreckels building.
South of Market st. — 3 flats, 4 rooms .each;
mortgage S2000; orice $4600. V
Cottage on, N. side of 23d st., west of Dia-
mond; mortgage $1100 can remain; price $2900.
Safe investment; south side of Waller, run-
ning through to Lloyd. 14C:3 west of Scott: 2
frontages: fine view;; size 30x190; price $32C0.
, N. S. 2Cth. 176 , west of Dolores: 26x114; 5
rooms and bath; orice $3000.
Cheapest buy In Richmond : ; 57 :6xl00; 1 SW.
corner of Luke v st. and Fourth aye.: rent per
annum,* ?1938. \u25a0 * \u25a0
, Also several lots -in : Lomlta Park, near San
Mateo: 45 minutes from San Francisco; 50x145
and 54x137:6; these lots can be paid for -as
follows:: $200 ; cash. . balance $500 In monthly
installments of"- $10 each; these lots must be
seen to .be aDDreclated.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
J. W. WRIGHT A CO.. 630 Market st.
$95,000—Rented low under lease for « u _^ $*!
annum; elegant downtown
ncr of 5 stores and W rooms; new. moa
em. up-to-date brick and stcne building.
$50,<X»^ t ßen"fs $3W t per month: 3 stores ano^4
flats on Mission st.. near 18th, lot »ux
100 feet. Irregular; 10 year* » ecu " ea
lease; rents increase for next year.
$15,000— Choice corner on Devlsadero «•• '•".
50x106; modern building of « lor " *?£
flats; rentinc for $350 per month, banx
f \u25a0 mortgage -of $22,C0t> can remain.
$33.000— Corner on Bryant St.. »«xHo *„„
stores and flats: renting for $-'400 per
annum. __ ._.
$27,000— Swell corner on Sutter St.: n * w _ "fT
story building; 4 stores and 4 flats; reni
- $2560 per annum; splendid investment
$23,500— Rent $175 per month; key lot. iOxlJ. •«»
feet; store and 5 apartments; modern
building near Bush and Polk sts.; wttn
small outlay this property can be made
to bring a rental of $3CO per month.
$19.000— Rents $213 per month; 0 elegant, new.
modern, up-to-date flats, very artistic-
ally and substantially built: no better
income property in the city: well located
in the Western Addition; bargain.
$18.500— Fine 4-story building of 21 rooms;
downtown: vicinity of Bush and Powell
its.; rents $120 per month; rented cheap;
2 frontages; excellent condition.
$15,900— Rent $137 50 per month; splendid cor-
ner on Hayes st.: 6 new, modern, up-to-
n date flats of 5 rooms and bath each.
$15,0 CO —Offer wanted; fine corner on Powell
st.: 82 feet frontage; renting for $36 per
$9.7so— Rents $7S 50 per month; 4 flats of 5-8
rooms and bath on Grove «t., near
Franklin; lot 27;6x120 to rear street; _
frontages; always rented.
$9,soo— Rents $S5 per month; 3 new. modern,
up-to-date flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; elegantly situated on California
St.: lot 25x100 feet; bank mortgage of
$40CO can remain; offer wanted.
$9,oCO— Rents $97 per n>.^th; 10 flats of 3
\u25a0 rooms; nearly new, «oa_ of Market.
near 3d: lot BlxSs i'eet: be3t Income
proposition south of Market; offer
wanted.
$S,COO— A fine corner of store and fiat on 17th
St.. close in: lot 50x80 feet: improve-
ments- are old: rents $52 per month; lot
alone worth the money.
$«,OCO— SE.. corner of Jones and Greenwich
sts.; lot 22:6x60 feet; store with 3 rooms
' and flat above, with 6 rooms; building
has Just been put In first-class condition;
this is one cf the beat locations for veg-
etable store or meat market tn the city;
see it to-day,
$S. ooo— Rents $70 per month: 4 flats of 6-6
rcoma and bath on Turk st.. near
Pierce: lot 25x120 to rear street; 2
frontages.: rented cheaj>.
$3,ooo— Fine modern residence of 9 rooms and
bath: lot 25x106 feet; Central aye.. few
steps from Panhandle.
$S. ooo— Rented low at $510 per annum: good
modern house of 9 rooms and bath; lot
40x120 feet: vicinity of Fillmore and
Oak.
$B,7so— Rent $S5 per month: 3 elegant corner
flats on Hyde *t. of 5 rooms and bath
each; \«ry artistically and substantially
built; every room light and sunny.
$7,500 — Rents $W per month: good modern
house of 10 rooms and bath: lot 27:6x112
feet; vicinity of Washington and Pow-
ell sts.
$6.7so— Rent $eCO per annum; 2 good modern
flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each; lot
25x137:6 feet; Jackson, near Taylor.
$5,750 — Rent $30 per month: 2 good, modern,
up-to-date flats of 7-8 rooms and bath
each; splendid marine view; lot 25xS0 ft.
$5,500— L0t 26x90 feet: north line of Pest st..
near Laguna; old Improvements; rent
$12.
$4.750— L0t 25x1C0 feet; 2 modern Cats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; rent $47 50 per
month; $500 cash and $20- per month;
well located on California St.
LOT 3.
$25.000 — A fine corner on 9th st. : must be sold:
lot 75 feet frontage; positively a bar-
gain.
$5,C0O — Choice corner on Howard St.; lot 25x
ICO; fine "location for stores and flats.
$3,loo— Lot 25x112 ft.; level and ready to
build on: street work all done; Page St.,
near Ashbury.
$l,OCO— Lot 25x97:6 feet; 20th st.. near Col-
ling-wood.
' J. W. WRIGHT A CO.. 630 Market st.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS A CO..
133 MONTGOMERY ST.
MEMBERS S. F. REAL ESTATE BOARD.
$90,000 — Not far from Eddy and Leavenworth;
great big lot with fine street frontage,
pays $6000 a year.
$62,JKK) — Fcurth-st. corner: close in; good sub-
stantial Improvements, paying $2SCO a
year; it will not be long before such de-
sirable corners on Fourth st. will be
unobtainable at any nuch price.
$55,000^ — O'Farrell-st. corner downtown;, good
Improvements. $3000 a year, all under
lease.
$50.000^ — Choice downtown corner with good
improvements; In fast growing nelgh-
. borhood; stores and lodgings; pays $24tJ0
a year and some of the rent 3 are very
low. \u25a0 -
$17,750 — Western addition; close In; 3 elegant.
modern flats only six years old; gas
and electricity, redwood finish, lots of
closets; 27:6 ft. lot; property pays $1620
a year; a srlfndid buy.
$9,5 C0 — Near Bluxome and 4th sts. ; a great
buy; a good turn can be made and the
property Days $Sl6 per annum.
$9,CCO— -Halght, nr. Buchanan; 2 frontages: 2
splendid flats, paying $720 a year; the
rear frontage should be improved to
bring rental to or.c per cent a month.
$5,250 — Harriet st.. adjoining rear of 6th-st.
property, near Howard: a great bargain;
2 flats pay $354 a year.
$4,500^ — Kissllng Ft., close to Howard at., b#t.
llth and 12th; pays about $420 a year;
Oc?an Shore depot one block.
$2,250— North side 25th; 2 little flats renting
for $210 a year; a good buy for small
Investment.
RESIDENCES.
$13,000 — A bargain: owner has moved away
from the city and wants to sell at
once: fine substantial house 9 rooms.
In excellent condition; modern plumb-
ing; Jones St.. near Clay; choice neigh-
borhood; marine view; make an offer.
$12,000— Callfornia-st. home; north side
choice location; 10 rooms, sunny, mod-
ern; well arransed; electric lights, etc.;
house alone ccst $12.000.
$2.700 — McAllister si., near Golden Gate
Park; fine little 5-room cottage; rent
$21.
LOTS.
$15,000 — One of the choicest marine view lots
» tn the Presidio Heights: 50x127:6.
$6,soo— Gteen *t.. north line, near Devlsa-
dero; unobstructed marine view; lot
2»:4x103:6.
$3,125— Locust St., near Jackson; cheapest let
in that beautiful district; street work
done: marine view.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS A CO..
138 Montgomery st. ;: ;>
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$20,000 — 7th-st. corner not far from Mission
st.; the cheapest buy In that district;
good Improvements; opposite corner of
tame size sold recently for $25,000.
$19,000— Second-st. corner: 130 ft. of street
frontage; $1032 per annum; this Is a
great bargain and will sell quickly.
$6,500 — 13th. near Howard: also a block from
Ocean Shore terminal; 3 flats paying
. $690 a year.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS A CO..
138 Montgomery st.
LANDGREBE. MacNEVIN & JONES. :
334 Bush St.. bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
$47,500— Rents $300 per month: without excep-
tion the finest piece of property on Fol-
som st., near 12th: over 100 feet frontage
and improved with 5 stores, and 8 flats;
improvements alone costing $30.0C0
$35,000— Large northwest corner on Turk st.,
near Van Ncsa aye.; never offered be-
fore: offer tnvited.
$21,000— Rents $ICI 50 per month: new modern
building, containing 6 flats on a Frank-
lln-at. corner; $9000 mortgage can re-
main. .-
s3,ooo— Corner on Pine st.. improved with two
elegant flats: containing 6 rooms and
porcelain bath 'each.
$7,SCO— Two up-to-date flats on Buchanan st.,
\u25a0: near Sutter.
$7,500— Mission Bt., near 22d; modern resi-
dence, which could easily be converted
into stores and flats and made to pay
handsomely. . . "
LANDGREBE. MacNEVIN A JONES.
334 Burh et... bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
LEOPOLD WEINSTEIN,
REAL ESTATE.
2571 San Bruno aye.. near Burrows st.
Telephone Mission 43-5.
BEST BARGAINS ON EABIEST TERMS
EVER OFFERED.
$500 down and $25 monthly, interest 6 per
cent, for elegant story and a half cottage of 3
rooms and bath, all latest and modern im-
provements, electric lights and gas; only a
stone's throw from Mission St.: don't wait;
see It to-day. 114 Preclta aye. nr. Mission st.
$5 down and $5 monthly for level, beautiful
lots near Mission St., San Bruno aye. and Rail-
road aye.
LEOPOLD WEINSTEIN,
-REAL ESTATE,
,2574 San Bruno aye.. near Burrows st.
.' Telephone, Mission 438.
SELLING
TO BEAT THE BAND.
• / ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.
$275 Elegant level building lota, close to j
school : fine car service on Mission st. ; cream of
the Excelsior Homestead: stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozone is not polluted
with dust and smoke, to say nothing of the
deadly microbe; no interest and no taxes.
OOLDEN GATE -PARK LOTB.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$4CO for finely located lots 3 blocks south
of the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every strok* of the
clock; buy now; next week nay be too late;:
"Nat Goodwin" Is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section: no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY,
S, .20 Montromery st.. room 8.
$2CCO CASH will buy • brand new first-class 7-
roora residence on the east bide of 4th aye.,
between Clement and California - sts. : bal-
ance- to suit purchaser. HENRY BUR-
ROWS, owner and builder.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR S^tf*
SHALNWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
21S MONTUOMERY ST.
$10,500 — Larkin St., Nw ccr. Jr'libert at., 40x100
ft., beautiful marine view lot. Would
make crand location for flats or apart-
ment houas.
$12,500— Itrth St., corner, near Diamond; 7 new
flats. 4 rooms and bath eacn; rents $115
per month; lot 25x07:0 feet.
$37.500— Bush at., near Mason. 3-stcry resi-
dence of 1_ rooms and 2 baths. Could b#
remodeled lntn flat 9 or aDartmen: house.
$s,soo— Pine s:., near Webster, 2-si.ory house.
» rooms and bath: lot ~-ll_:6 feet;
mortgage $3000 can remain. A positive
bargain.
$40,000— Post at., near Hyde, N lir.e. over W>
ft. front by 137 :» ft.: fra— ie .improve-
» merits renting for $150 per monta; mort-
gage $20,000. An ideal location for ho-
tel or apartment house.
$7,000— Baker St.. near California: modern
residence of 9 rooms and bath: rent 9 for
$45; lot 27:6x110 feet. Make offer.
$3,850— Haigbt at., near Ashbary; lot 25x132:6
feet; cheapest lot In this locality, ilust
£'i ' be solid.
$13,000 — Page St.. near Laguna; 2 frame flats.
S roorr.d and bath each: rents $<J5; lufge
lot. 57:fx120 Xeet to Lily aye.
$20,500 — Union St., near FUlmore; 4 fine flats.
7 rooms and bath each; rent $lti(> per
month; lot 70x_-7:«i feet. Absolutely
first clan.
$30,000 — Tweinh St.. near Mission: frame im-
provements; lot 70x173 feet to rear
street; Improvements pay about $115 per
month. A snap.
$25,000— Jackson-st.. corner: 3 beautiful aew '
flats, 8 rooms and bath each: every mod-
ern convenience; extremely artistic:
large reception hall: hardwood floors,
beamed ceilings In dining-rooms; electrto
lights; nickel plated plumbing through-
out; alf leased: rents $130 Der month:
lot 32:SHx91 feet. One of the safest
and best propositions in the market to-
day.
$27,500— Montgomery aye.. near Kearny St.. _\u25ba
story brick building; 2 stores and loS^-
Ing-house above, rent* $145 per month;
lot 53:11& feet on Montgomery aye. by
irregular depth: a gilt-edged Investment.
$50,000 — Van Neds aye.. near California st. : 2
substantial houses. 14 rooms each: total
rents $2CO per month; lot 63x137:6 feet.
One of the cheapest piece* on ihlst
street: would make grand location for
apartment hcuse or hotel.
$9,Coo— California st., near Laguna: substan-
tial, residence. 12 rooms and bath; rent
$60: lot 24x137:6 feet; a bargain.
$12.500 — Vallejo-st. corner, near Buchanan:
lot 40x137:6 feet; grand marina vtew;
lot ready to build on.
$22,500— Calif ornla-st. corner; substantial two-
story and basement residence; 14 room*
and two baths: first-class condition: lot
68:9x110 feet.
$16,000 — FoUom-st. corner, near Third: lot 25x
100 feet: Improvements, 8 flats; rent $91;
mortgage $7500 can remain.
$9,0€O — Page st.. near Fillmore: fine substan-
tial residence of 9 rooms and bath: rents *
for $60: uD-to-dats ia every way: lot
30x137:6 feet. *
$20.000— Townsend mt.. near Fourth: 8-3 tory
frame and corrugated Iron building; rent
$125 per month: lot 22:11x120 feet: on»
of the best Investments on the market
to-day.
$22,500- r -Pacifle aye., near Laguna St.: elegant
modern residence; salon parlors: 4 bed-
rooms, btlliard-roomsv electric and gas
lighting: modern In every respect: beau-
llfue marine view; lot 27x127 :S*_ feet;
a hargain.
$40,SW> — Fourth st., near Harrison; 2-story
brick and frame building; * one tenant
pays $12 month: large lot. 01x80 feet;
positively one of the bjest banralns of-
fered, considering tha grand future of
this street.
$50,C00 — Fourth-st. corner, near Harrison; over
10,000 square feet; old improvements; no
leases; further particulars at our oftce.
$s,soo— "Filbert St.. near Brodertck: marine
view residence: 7 rooms, and bath; vxtry
large lot: finished basement and garai^l
$1,600 each — Twenty-fifth aye.. near Lake a£:
. grand . marine view lots: 31x120 feet
each: Just put on the market; will sell
for cash or terms.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO.,
219 and 220 Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
O. D. BALDWIN A SON.
240 Bush St.. Mill* building.
Members of San Francisco Real Estat» Board.
DOWNTO-WN— A BARGAIN.
$32.500 — On CFarrell st., north side, a few
steps from Jones; lot 3-t:4Hx137:0. with
old buildings; we have a responsible ten-
ant ready to take lease on 7-atory build-
ing at a rental yielding a large Income
on Investment; the price asked for this
lot is way below market value; Investi-
gate.
DEVISADERO-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$36,500 — Very large, well Improved corner, with -
stores and 1 Cat; under lease; tenants
make reaaira; yields good Interest; this
Is a safe investment and sure to Increase
In value.
INVEST! OATS THIS.
$13,000 — Flee business comer on large lot; 1
car lines; on a good business St.; twu
stores and flat: rent very low. $9_; room
for additional building; see this; tt will
suit you. - _•
FIRST CLASS BUSINES3 PROPERTY.
$12.000 — Right in the manufacturing and
wholesale region: fine deep lot with old
Improvements: renting steadily for $63
per month. There is & good turn ia thi*.
for It is a snap.
SIXTH-ST. SNAP.
$3.500— G00d business lot near Bryant st. ; .
ground rent $25; lease expire* April next.
Do you want anything better?
POST ST. DOWNTOWN— MUST BB BOLD.
$15,000— Between Hyde and Larkla; lot 25x
137:6: improvement* pay bank Interest;
has a splendid future.
EDDY ST.. OPP. JEFTEKSON PAR_.
$15,500— Large lot. almost 50 feet by 120 to
\u25a0 rear street; large 17 -room house cifl
Eddy and rear house oa Willow st.; U~*
alone is worth $20.000.
RICHMOND CORNER FLATS.
$9.C00— A SE. corner on 3d aye.. near Cali-
fornia ; double lot; 2 flats, of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each; on macadamized
streets.
PAYS 16 PER CENT ON EQUITY.
IS.-100- — Near Pine and Fillmore; house art'l
flats: rent $33 per month; mortgage of
$4000: buildings in good order; lot 00
feet frontage.
WE HAVE CHEAP LOTS IN RICHMONT*.
SUNSET AND "WESTERN ADDITION. CALL.
FOR LIST.
O. D. BALDWIN ft SON,
240 Bush et.. Mills building.
SPECK A CO. (Member Real Estate Board).
200 Montgomery st.
Telephone Private Exchange M.
$110,000 — Magnificent holding on 3d St.; a cor-
ner with 273 feet street frontage; nom-
inal Improvements; a Judicious expen-
diture could make this one of the best
paying Income properties In the city.
$100,000 — Superb Investment property; large
comer with 3 frontages; Post st.. ea*t
of Jones; finely Improved an<J good in-
come; under lease; stores and hotel.
•50 000— Leavenworth st.. near Eddy: 83-foot
lot; well Improved and double frontage;
rents $500 month; stores and lodging-
house, i
$25,000— Splendid 37 :« foot corner on Union
St.: close In; fine Improvements, stores
and fiats; rents $2200.
$20,800— Exceptionally fine buy In large
come paying flats In choice location; 7
\u25a0Western Addition: 42 feet lot aad all
rented for $2340 year.
$18 000— Bargain on Ellla st.. east of Van Neso;
27 foot lot with two frontages; Im-
\ proved with 14-roora house in front and
small flats In rear; present rents low by
reason of existing lease «xptrta|; In
May next, when property will yield $]_»
month.
— — —
$l«,ooO— Fine large corner: 12th s*., oa lin»
Ocean Shore Electrto R- R- : o~»r 6000
square feet.
$14,000— Eplendld buy on Brannan it, near
Sd; 44 feet, with two frontages.
<9 500— Bryant *t.. near 6th; 3-story building.
27 foot lot; rented for about $700;
worth more. \u25a0
$T 500— Two very desirable flats; fine neigh-
borhood: Baker st.. near 'Washington:
lot 25 feet; rent $650.
SPECK * CO..
2Cl> Montgomery st.
i A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$11,000— Rents $ll"0: 2 buildings of 2 flay;
each- new, modern, complete; vestlbuli
entrance to one; large lot. over 55 ft.
frontage by full depth: Richmond dls- *
trict; close ta.^^
Must Be Taken at Once.
1230^ 25x100 ft. S st.. n«ar 21st aye.
*_^— a BARGAIN.
$750 — 50x120 ft.. 45th aye.. near T mt.
The Cheapest tn Neighborhood.
S9C0 — Each : 2 lots on 2Sth aye.. near Lake at.
ON INSTALLMENTS.
$550— Each; 25x120 ft; 46th aye.. near 8; $50
cash, balance monthly; compare this
• with others. .
LOUIS H. MOOSER. .
230 Montgomery street.
CORNER Castro and Hill — 3 elegant 8-room
houses for_your rent money: easy terms; go
see them: "oDen Sunday and Monday.
$1200 WltJ_ buy a lot 23x120 on Sixth aye..
between A and B »t». ; nrast b* sold this
month. JLddres. J. O. KXPnf.linT. CM)
" Z-upo* .^'' "<_j£3_BH__fe_____ _J_l_L-, ESTATE~CITY~POB SALE. '
LYON & UOAQ, 116 Montgomery st.
t>crid for our printed list of property sfor
sale in ail sections of the citr.
FLATB - WESTERN ADDITION.
»«WO— Two e*ce!lpct flats. 6 and 7 rooms and
oata; large reception hall; extra large key lot;
'\u25a0very room sunny an^j v ht flne Becllon; near
Baker and Jackson.
««^ ICK>t) PAYI NO INVESTMENT,
$45.0(10— Rents $4000; an elegant, rooxny
«-l>STtment-house; 14 apartments. 4 and 5
rooma and bath; steadily rented; large lot.
« s-quare feet; large garden 1 in rear; make
flier: nenr Fillmore et. and Alair.o square.
GOOD SOUTH OF MARKET BUY.
»W.K> — Rents $(J24; four bay-window flats, 3-
*"•-*> rooms each; two flats have baths; con-
venient tj town; fiats never idle; near Folsom
and lOih sts.; sure to be sold, so get busy.
.„_ NEW FLATS NIIAK PARK.
}-....;> — Two branii new flats, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; rented $«60; all the latest improve-
ment*; block from Fu'.ton and Stanyan sts.
__ BEAUTIFUL NKW RESIDENCE.
$"7liO — Erand aew residence, Just completed:
contains 14 rooms; fln\shed basement and
attic; one block from FVU and Cole Ft*.
FINn CORKER IX MISSION.
$45,00o — Good, substantial Improvements;
stores, flats and houses oa Mission St., not far
out; rays good interest.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
A NEW BLOCK SUBDIVIDED
AT PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
GREAT BARGAINS.
GREAT BARGAINS.
Grand residence and Investment lots, front-
ing oa I bt... 4 th. Pth and Parnassus avea. :
OjUy one block distant from nUis Ft. (Park and
Ocean l!ne> on H st. nnd tlie world's famous
Golden Gaos Park; only one block from Affil-
iated Colleges and Masonlo-ave. cars; close to
the site selected by the city for the Polytechnic
High School, which will be erected at an out-
liy of J30O.O0O; every lot Is on '.ho grade; all
the street work 1s complete: gas. water pipes
and rewcrs are laid.
Prices range from fISOO to $2000.
Terms, one-fifth each, balance 1-2-3-4 years.
Bear In mind that all the street work Is dfwie
and that this block adjoins the Western Addi-
tion, where land not nearly so well elutated is
•filing for twice the money. Go out there to-
day and select your lot. as they will surely
•all fast. Don't make a mistake; buy the
best. Agent oa the ground Sunday.
LYON & HOAG. lie Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, BOLX>EH3.
ATTENTION. SPDCCLATORS.
See the lots we are selling fronting on Mo-
Alllster, Fulton. Wlllard, Parksld* aye. and
Stanyan St.; these lots faoe the world's famous
Golden Gate Park and oommaad grand vlewa
ot the bay and Martn County mountatns; the
•treets are bitumlnlzed; side tewera are laid to
lots.
Pric*— sl6so— sl6so.
One-fifth cash, balance one and two years.
Only ten lots left, including thrae choice
ooraers; McAllister-st cars parr property.
LYON * HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
$1050 TO $1250; $150 cash, balance $20 month-
ly: level lots on 14th and 15th ayes. ar.d H
at.; within a few minutes of all the attrac-
tions of Golden Gate Park; this section Is
Improving rapidly; Ellls-st. cars pass prcj>-
erty.
LYON ft HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
HANDPOME NEW HOMES.
• Price only $T>7»>o.
Terras JIOOO cash, balanoe $59
Monthly.
Do you want an up-to-date hotr«, one that
Is eitra well built and contains all the latest
conveniences? We have one for sale on Castro
St.. near Duboce aye.: 2-story English base-
ment house; large sunny room"; handsome ves-
tibule, finished In mahogany aad other natural
woods; a swell hotr.e at a low price; the neigh-
borhood Is excellent; thirty expensive houses
have been erectad in the Wock during the past
year. \u0084 .
Take Hairht-st. cars to Soott St.. walk two
Mocks? south to Duboce aye.
L.VOX A- HOAG. llfi Montgomery st.
»BOUT ¥1000 cash. bal. at $50 monthly, will
'buy XE cor. with a handsome, new "-room
house: cars pass door. See Molge. 417 Market.
4TTR-» CTIVK bargains In city real estate
* only of BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery
6t.. Pfi.n Francisco. ___^ __
*500 CASn. $30 monthly will buy brand new
cottage of B or 6 rooms en Second aye. near
McAllister st. F. NELSON, owner & builder.
CHEAPEST sr.4 best in America— The Weekly
•^all. 19 r.a*»s, s^nt to any address ia the
Vnft»<l Ftar<-s ->r r^nsda " n * year for $1
REAL ESTATE — COL'XTRY — For Sale.
BARGAINS VS UOUD COLNTIiY LAND
Otfh.t:t:iJ i»* C M. WUOSTEK COMPANY.
Suite. JJUn Valley fruit and vine land; sub-
aivitacm ui,-l2ie ban Martin ranck'>; no better
secuun iv» jjuulixy raising; ooiy *iwo an acre;
£it 14 snonihiy will i)^n.aaht" lv acres; save a
mtlc- iiidicy each month and you will aocn
;..i\t: a lioaie; eupei ti iocatioii sctued by good
1-^cj'/-, wefWili piant ana uevelup an orcaard
v r v:>i<r;urd lor >i-u wiiiie jour saiaiy e<^s on;
au.«o/utti>- the best oileiliig in Calltoraia; some
one >oiii.g vtnejaras for taie 00 etuey terms;
caudo£rue.
Xi — tot acres uear Campbell. Saata Cls_-a
Ccumy; '20 acres bearing fruit; good
bouse, barn, etc.; rallrtud train s'.ope
at tbt- piace; bare land worth $200 aa
acre; tbis is a genuine snap.
i-r-45 acres in Xaja County; 15 acres
bearing fruit; beautiful location; good
irnproveraente; abundance of water.
:•" per acre; 15.000 acres 7 miles from Red
Bluff; J - ( vj acres aplendid grain land;
both railroad and steamboat transporta-
tion : best Ktock and grain ranch in Cal-
ifornia; tiOO acres can be irrigated for al-
ial!a; little money needed; average raia-
:all ifO inchea; will subdivide into 600
to 1000 acre farms to good advantage at
couble cost »rice.
$1,700—10 acres bearing vineyard; Baata
Clara County; fine locatloa; $300 cash.
balance eaey terms.
•30,000 — 2320 aores in Napa County; i» fine
. level land; balance good pasture; abun-
dance cf wood and water; firßt-class Im-
provement*; 150 head cattle; 16 horses;
all farming Implements; tbis is a great
bargain.
Earl) orarge and fruit land at £1 Mirador
Heights, Lindsay; enly $50 to $100 aa acre;
earliest oranges ia the United Btates; bearing
orchards pay $430 to $200" per acre; this land
is !\u25a0\u25a0" 2 on terms to suit; $14 3.' monthly if de-
sired; celling at the rate of 30 acres a week;
catalogue.
$900—6 acres near enpet in Santa Clara
County; all la bearing fruit; flne place
for poultry; ea»y terms.
$12,600—180 acres In Eaata Clara Couaty;
beautiful locatioa: 4 miles from towa
and railroad; 15 acres orchard and vine-
yard; balance In grain; modern 14-room
houee; cottage;, dance hall; lawn tenai*
and croquet grounds; improvements coat
over $12,000; beautiful oak trees and
running water; an ideal place for a
summer resort f-r home.
Sacramento River Irrigated land; splendid
sediment soil: $30 to $76 an acre; no better for
pcac-he*. pear» alfalfa, corn and sugar beets;
fcatchless opportunity for email farms; free
water right; water $1 per acre per annum;
lamcue Uogga and Packer ranches at Prince-
ton; rait and steamboat transportation; terms
li cash, balance 2-3-4 years; catalogue.
$8,000—160 acrea oa Watsoavllle road, west of
Gilroy; 100 acres level, candy loam,
which can be Irrigated; 10 acres young
vineyard: 5 acrea orchard, prunes and
apples; large 8-room house; large barn;
water piped to the place; 4000-gallon
tank; 60 acres of this is hill land.
PALO ALTO!
The beet opportunity for investment now oa
the market; magnificent villa lots. 50x150 feet;
adjoining "Stanford University; certain to ad-
vance in value; streets graded, cement side-
walk- beautiful live oak trees: no tegs; no
b!«tk winds; $7 to $10 per month will pay for
otip of the** lots; do not fail to see thla prop-
erty before buying any outside lots; catalogue.
' V.' REDWOOD CITY!
S*V) 'or beautiful acre lots inside city lim-
it *• 6-acre tracts; $2<-0 to $450 per acre; beau-
tifjl cak trees: splendid locatloa; cheapest
acreage property on the peninsula; catalogue.
* MONTEREY!
]>arp- lots near Hotel 'd<?l Monte; Vista del
l'-v Tra"f epleadld location: street work done;
l,'i *JW up? splendid acreage tracts, $100 to
$-50 ,er acre; oa*y terms: buy now and get
be benefit of the raise in value, which is sure
l °We m< l'av? la i OKU ,pUnd!d" list of properties
hioughout California at owner's lowest prices.
Catalogue %*£%„ ££ Market 6t .
Buy good property!
CHICKEN, berry, vineyard, orchard; land im-
proved and unimproved. 10 acres, all In ber-
rles and tree*. $1CO; couple hundred dowa.
«'hicken raiKh. 5 acres; $600. 7 acres ia
j-oung vineyard. $1100; .mall payment down.
Chicken ranch. 15 acres, $l«oO. 10 acres.
$1750 all In Logan, black raspberries and
etrawberrics and apoie trees; part cash. 20
Ecres. $2tX>o. 10 acres. $10C0. 5 acres, $5>W.
•Ml other places; all make cood chickea aad
fruit raaches: near school, electric statioa.
"tore- and 3 towns. The neighbors gave me
their land to sell, as well as my own there-
by keeping it out of agents' hands, who will
make you pay a big commission, and as you
mfght my near ncirtbor I will tell you
the rood and bad pointe of all the places.
Buy direct of owners; no adobe, sandy loam;
rood water; rural mall: chicken paradise; oa
electric R. n.. between Petaluma and Se-
ba*"topol. Come any day but Saturday; get
off at n«e«el Etatioa. Easy terms; long
time- cheaper than .renting. CHARLE3
GLOECKNER. Sehastopol P. P., Sonoma Co.
ALFALFA Irrigated lande, $25 per acrej $1
down $1 month; no Interest Pamphlets at
UiDEH. LAND * B. CO.. 241 Crowley Wd.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sal?.
i ¥
i COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON $
I From • $
$ BURR-PADDON COMPANY. «
S 40 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal. $
S If you want to deal with straight, lion- $
$ est, reliable people it will certainly pay $
$ you to call upon us. We have the best $
i bargains in real estate to be found In $
$ California. $
.? DAIRYMEN. $
f- ,-\u25a0 INVESTIGATE THIS AT ONCB. *
t 1300 acres near Manteca; the very fin- $•
\u25a0 $ eet level bottom land: this elegant ranch s
» is known as the best dairy ranch without $
5 any exception in the ban Joaquin Valley. $
i Abundance of greea feed tho year round. $
$ Can all be irrigated If desired. Will $
> carry la its present state over 400 cows, <
* but if put lato alfalfa would carry twice •»
$ an maay; 8-rooiu residence; all outbuild- S
$ ings; well equipped fur the dairy busl- $
$ ness, with fencings, corrals, etc. This $
$ is oertainly the very best proposition to. $
$ be found in the State to-day. Within 2 $
$ milts of Santa Fe and S. P. depot and $
» half-mile of river transportation. Price 5
$ If sold within next 80 days is $50 an $
$ acre. Only $15,000 down, balance long ! >
$ time at low rate of interest. Ji
$ $".«KK> — Elegant site for a home; 3 miles II
9 of Palo Alto, commanding magnificent 11
$ panorama extending from the f«rry 1 >
$ building, buy cites, S. F. Bay, Mount $
$ Hamilton range and the whole Santa S
R Clara Valley; looking right into the uni- $
$ versity quadrangle. $
$ SlSOO— Elegant 5-acre tract in Redwood $
* City, covered with magnificent oaks; a $
$ most lovely home site. §
* $12,000— 38Mi acrea: all In choicest $
* bearing apples; situated near Watson- $
$ vllle, Sasta Crui County; on fine level *
$ oiled road; adjoining a beautiful lake; $
$ R. F. D.. telephone, etc.; guaranteed in- $
$ come cf (5000 a year. This will stand 9
f the very closest Investigation. •
* $16,000—30 acres highly Improved right 9
i'< adjoining S. P. station, main line S. P. \u25a0
$ R. R., beautiful 12-room modera re»l-
$ dence. 3 bathrooms, ga» lighted through-
li out; improvements coat about $16,000; \u25a0'\u25a0
!i owner is leaving California and wishes
'\u25a0\u25a0 to sell Immediately; hunting - and fish-
s ing abound.
$ $7000—70 acres sediment land, highly 1
5 Improved, near Walnut Creek, » mile of !
$ depot, 14 miles of Oakland; flne for al- i
f falfa or vegetables. '
$ $7000—50 acrea adjoining Livermore, i
$ Alameda Co., 33 acres in full bearing 1
$ vineyard, producing a sure Income of $
$ $2500. . s high as $8000 a year; 6-room $
$ hard finished house in good condition; j>
$ 60x64 barn, large" stable, granary, chick- >
$ en-houaes, etc.; 3 good horsea, 3 cows, >
$ surrey. 2 wagoas. cart aad all kinds of 1
$ lxnplemeats; owners are old and wish $
$ to retire; if you want a bargain look i
$ this up quick, as it will not laat long. 1>
$ S2OOO— IO acres of the richest bottom
$ land near Mountain View, Santa Clara [
$ Co.. 1 mile from the depot; this Is dirt *
$ cheap. "
$ DAIRY RANCH AT A BARGAIN. $
$ $50 an acre— l3oo acres level leveed $
$ land; 2 miles from Lathrop, near Stock- $
$ ton; this ranch is known aa the finest $
$ dairy ranch In the San Joaquln; all ad- $
$ Joining land held at $76 an acre. $
$ PALO ALTO. $
$ $9000 — The most elegant home site couth $
$ of Saa Francisco; 3 miles from Palo $
$ Alto; contains 68 acres; beautiful oaks; $
$ overlooks the whole Santa Clara Val- $
$ ley and Bsy of San Francisco from the $
$ ferry building to San Jcoe In one mag- $
$ niflcent panorama. $
$ $12.500 — 225 acres level land almost ad- $
$ Joining Llvermore. Alameda Co.; 16 acres $
$ bearing vineyard; good 6-room residence, $
$ flae large barn, stables, chicken-houses. $
$ windmill, tank; this place must be sold $
$ Immediately, as the owner must have the $
$ money; easily worth $16,000 or $17,000. 9
$ $1450 — 5-acre poultry ranch In Liver- $
$ more; 2 complete sets of buildings, beau- $
$ Jlful grove of trees; If you want A bar- $
$ gain In a poultry ranch here It is. $
$ See us and save money. $
$ BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery St.. $
$ Saa Francisco, Cal. $
$Sssssssss$ t sssss
OLD ESTABLISHED. ALWAYS RELIABLE.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
LOANS. INSURANCE.
TITLES GUARANTEED.
$4000 — Near H«aldsburg, 21 acres rich loam,
slightly rolling; 12 acres flne orchard. 9 years
old; 6 acres bearing wine grapes; 2 acres hay;
modern 6 - room hard-flnlshed house, bath,
pantry, closets, cellar; 6 poultry houses; brood-
er and incubator bouses; large 2-story barn;
well fenced; $1700 can remain indefinitely;
might trade equity bay home.
J2200— 14 acres flne soil. 4 miles Santa Rosa;
S-roota cottage; family orchard, barn, poultry
houses, good well, tank house; mortgage $S00;
trade equity cottage around bay and assume.
$3500—20 acres, between Elmira and Vaca-
ville, 60 miles city; level sediment loam; 10
acres full bearing apricots and peaches, net-
ting $GOO this season; large berry patch; nice
5-room cottaee; good barn full of hay; new
windmill and tank; large storehouse; poultry
bouses; closa to graded school; $1000 can re-
main.
$:2,00O — 112 acres level loam in famous Tur-
lock Irrigation District; close to station; all
checked and 95 acres growins alfalfa; under
hog tight fence; modern 2-story residence, hard
nnUhed, gas, hut "and cold water (photos at
this office); 2 flne barns; carriage bouse;
SO.OOO gallon cement tank; figs, oranges,
grapes; feoOO can remain; flne income home.
$5000—20 acres rich alluvial soil; banks flne
creek; 1 mile towa; 60 miles city; 10 acres ap-
ricots. 7 acres pruaes, assorted fruits, berries
and alfalfa patch; 6-room cottage, large bara,
windmill and tank; complete drying plant; 12
poultry housee, brooders, 2 Incubators; $500
worth of hens; Jersey cow; 2 heavy horses,
harness; 19 tons hay, wagoas, eta
$1550 — A crackerjack Sonoma City poultry
farm, S^i acres, half mile depot; cozy 8-room
cottage; brooder house aad brood era. accommo-
date 1000 chickeas; 2 incubators; wire nettlag
yards; 200 young Dullets; buildings all aew;
half cash.
$ICOC — Cloae to Sebastopol and electric cars;
10 acres- 6 acres blackberries, 2 acres straw-
berries and raspberries: flae springs; small
bouse aad outbuildings; half caah.
$2000 — 5H acres full beariag apricots aad
prunes near San Jobc; cozy 4-room cottage;
bam, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
cash. •-::•.;?,;<\u25a0;.\u25a0;-.
$875 down — 7 acres sandy loam, on electric
road, near Santa Rosa; good dwelling, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and' berries; ?i<oo.
$75 per acre — 65 acres island laad. 12 miles
from Stocktoa; under Irrigation; free water; in
potatoes, beaas, onions, asparagus and rye
grass- 4 miles station: boat laadlng on place;
old improvements: rents $10 per acre; we also
have adjoining place. 60 acres, with new
buildings, at $70 per acre.
$3500—150 acres, 2 miles from Columbia; 4
room houee. large barn and about 14 tons of
hay; new farm wagon, aprlng wagoa, buggy,
harness ; 20 head of graded cattle; 4 fine
horses; 200 Plymouth Rock hens; 60 turkeys;
incubator, brooders; farming tools; large out-
side ranee; 20 acrea river bottom under culti-
vation; 3 acres full bearing orchard; 9000-gal-
lon reservoir.
$5500 — Fine roadhousw. 1 mile station, S miles
Son Jose: corner 2 roads; 106 aores land, 22
acres level, balance rolling; 0 acres full bear-
Ing orchard; large house, shade treee; wind-
mill and tank; large stable, sheds; poultry
nouses; can't be beat.
We are making a specialty of 6 and 10 acre
homes on the electric road between Petaluma
and Sebastopol. with or without buildings, on a
very small payment down and balance long
term at 5 per cent Interest. See them to-day.
Bend stamp for large Printed List.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
A— ATTENTION. HOME SEEKERS!
W« desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lanflu to some bargains in in-
come-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we hava for sale. Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of land, aud belag the owner of an
Income-producing orchard and vineyard can
intelligently direct Intending buyers to the
best lands and bargains in the State. Corre-
spondence solicited.
DAVID BUSH & SON 328 Montgomery at.,
Room 412, Safe Deposit building.
$23.000— A LARGE and old established, well
paying hotel business with a flrst-olaea
equipage In all of its departments, occupying
26,4fX) square feet, 3 frontages, in center of a
busy country city in a great citrus belt 85
miles north of San Francisco; owner making
- a fortune out of this plant, wlshea to retire
from a continuous service of many years'
cash down $14,000. balance $9000 on mort-
gage. Photographs aad particular, to buyer,
oaly at 452 Eddy «t. ouyrr.
BTOCK RANCH ~~ " 7"
ETXTRAORDIN AR V
200 ft acrep la one cf the best stock raising
districts In State: 2 miles from railroad; con-
trols range of 20.000 acres; was mortjraged for
$S9oO; acquired under foreclosure and for sale
at a sacrifice; price $8000 If taken at once
DUBY. MILLS & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
ATTENTION, WINE M~»En] -——-——
320 acres, near St. Helena, Napa County
alluvial Eoll. slightly rolling; 110 acres bearing
vines, choicest varieties wine grapes; 170 acrea
suitable for vines; 40 acres parture; 3-story
stone winery 65x70 and wine : vault* 65x175,
best redwood and oak cooperage; modern ma-
chinery; 8-r. dwelling; cottage; barn; 3 cement
reservoirs: Income $5000; $25,000; might exch.
W. J. WHITE CO.. 26 Montgomery fet.. room 8.
LEASE, sale or exchange for town property —
60 acres apple orchard; 1905 crop over 8000
boxes; Corralltos, near Watsonvllle. Ad-
dress I. J. TRUMAN, Call building, from 12
to 2 z>. m.
FOR the best list of country property, farms,
fruit aad poultry ranches, stock ranches, al-
falfa and timber lands aead for catalogue
ROTHERMEL A CO.. 607 California atT
MOUNTAIN VIEW. S. C. C0..l mile distant
70 acres improved land. cub. 2% acres up; Al
location, fruit, soil and • water; beautiful
scenery. E.J.Toepfer. 871 Eddy; no agents.'
GOOD farm. 163 acres.. 3 miles from Oakland:
$125 per acre. GILBERT WYMAN, 27th aye.
ana East 16th. Fruit vale, Oil. TeL Brook 123.
THE -S AN FRANCISCO CALL, : DECEMBER 24, 1905.
RJEAL^STAT&-- COUjWTJRY—jWj^alc.
OLD ESTABLISHED. ; ALWAYS RELIABLE.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY. >
LOANS, INSURANCE,
TITLES GUARANTEED.
$4000 — 21 acres. clo«e to Healdsburg, Sonoma
County; rolling loam land; 12 acres 9-year-old
orchard, 6 acres bearing wine grapes, 2 acres
hay; laERe spring, water piped to building and
yards; 15 hydrants; new, hard finished resi-
dence, C rooms, bath, pantry, closets, cellar;
« large poultry-houses, brooder and incubator
houses; large, 2-« tory barn; well fenced; $1700
can remain indefinitely; might trade house and
good lot. . . '
$6500— 320 acres, near Duncans Mills, Sonoma
County; half mils station; 60 acrea under culti-
vation; nearly all level ana beats the world for
large crops of hay and corn; 4 acres bearing
orchard, mostly apples; 4 acres bearing table
and wine grapes; 7-room house; large bara for
cattle and horees; 2ts living springs; balance
redwood timber, cruises 3,000,000 feet, 'aloae
worth $5000; mortgage $3500 can remain; con-
Eider property in San Jcaqula Valley in ex-
change.
$4500—60 acreß level land, close to Merced; 5
acres prunes 5 acres ollves ( 10 acres fine stand
alfalfa; on main ditch; tuoaern, 5-room hous»,
bath, cement cellar; steel windmill and tank;
largo barn, granary, poultry-houses; fine In-
come. '"'-"'.
$2500—40 acres level valley land; IV4 milei
beautiful little city o£ Orland; modern, 7-room
house; 2 good bains, windmill,' poultry-houses;
flne yard and shade treea; olives, oranges,
peaches, pears, giapea and berries raised in
profusloa orf place; $1000 down, balance 7 per
cent.
$3500—150 acres best ranch in Tuolumne
County; 2 miles town; 20 acres rich land under
cultivation; several thousand acres free range;
3 acres bearing orchard and berries; 4-roora
cottage; large barn; poultry-houses and out-
buildings galore; new rarm wagon, .: spring
wagon, buggy: teveral sets harness ; 24, head
cattle, some thoroughbred Jersey cows; 4 flne
horses; 250 Plymouth Rock hens; hogs, tur-
keys; cement reservoir, 9000. gallons; large in-
cubator, 3 brooders.
$4500— One acre; fine railroad town, San Joa-
quln County: store and saloon, good fixtures
and stock; fine trade; 5-room cottage; store-
bouse; large hall; blacksmith shop and tools;
brooder and poultry- houees; well, windmill and
tank; present owner made fortuae.
$4500—20 acres sandy loam: 1 mile Sebasto-
pol; 12 acrea full bearing Zlnfaadel grapes;
some orchard aad young vines; nice 4-room
ccttage; barn, outbuildings.
$3760—16 acres dark alluvial soil; main road
Santa Rosa to Sebastopol; 6 acrea bearing or-
chard; 4 acres vines 3 years old; modern, s-
room house and bath; nice barn; 2 wells.
$3600 cash— Bo acres level alluvial valley
land 4 miles Elmira. 60 miles city; 10 acrea
full bearing wine grapes; 3 acres choice fruit;
pleaty wood; 68 acres heavy stand grain; neat
4-room cottage; stable full hay; 2 tine horses,
buggy, harness, eto
$4000—18% acres; adjoins Walnut Creek; 9
acres la full beariag orchard, 4 acres ia grapes.
5 acres ia oat hay; modern house of -9 rooms,
with bath, patent closet, hot and cold water;
large barn; 1 large poultry-house, 12x50 feet; 1
double poultry-house, 10x12 feet; 1 broodur-
house. 12x30 feet, all with wire yards; 3 wells
windmill, tank, water piped to house, barn and
other grounds; no better place for the chicken
business; half cash.
$5000—20 acres of sandy loam 8 miles south-
east of Lodl on good roan; 6 acres in Zlnfan-
dels, 2Mt acres Black Prince. SH acres Flaming
Tokays, 8 acres In almonds; 12 cherry, 12
peach, 12 apricot. 6 pear, 6 orange trees; half .
acre in alfalfa, half acre la berries and vege-
tables; 4-room house with pantry and running
water; barn, toolhouse, windmill and tank;
large reservoir; chicken-houses,' ( together with
barn full of hay, also stack of hay, 1 stack of
straw, 2 horsea, 2 wagons, set of blacksmith
tools fet of carpenter tools, 1 harrow, 1 plow
2 cultivators, 1 eet weed cutters, mower aud
rake, 2 dozen chickens, pigeons and a large
pile of firewood.
$4500—15 acres, 1 acre in vineyard, good soil;
water piped from spring to house, barn, etc.;
5-room house; stable, chicken-house; 2 horses,
cow. eprlng wagon, 160 chickeas go with place;
2U miles from Hayward.
$26 per acre — 160 acres, 8 miles northwest of
Clements; good farm land, with good 6-room
house, windmill, tank and tankhouse; good well
of water; three-fourths of the place fenced hog
tight; good barn, shsds and other buildings;
about 3 acres of' orchard and vineyard; some
timber on the land.
$45 per acre— Beautiful stock or dairy ranch,
fenced and cross-fenced; abundant spring wa-
ter; elegant farmhouse of 9 rooms and bath,
hot and cold water; garden of beautiful flowers
and trees; family orchard of 6 acres; 40 acres
rich level land for alfalfa, balance rolling but
tillable; barns, sheds, milkhouse, poultry-
houses and other outbuildings; half mile from
postof flee, schools and churches, 1 mile from
railroad station, 8 miles from Haywards; 40S
acres.
$2600—20 acres In alfalfa on irrigation ditch;
1 mile from Manteca creamery and 12 miles
from Stockton; school one mile away; rural
free delivery; ffood roads; 4-room house, barn,
windmill and tankhouse; if desired 17 head of
stock will be sold, with separator and all
farming appurtenances.
$5000 — 13 acres, 3 miles from Martinez, fine
location; adjoining station on the Santa Fe
Railroad; good, hard-finished house of 0 rooms,
a large, dry cellar; toolhouse, barn, chicken-
houses and yards; well, windmill, tank, water
piped to house and barn; 2 large rainwater
tanks; 15 acres of bearing wine grapes. 2 acres
of assorted orchard and vineyard; very nicely
located on main county road.
$5600 — Corner 2 fine roads. 1 mile station, 6
miles San Jose; roadhouse; hall, large barn,
sheds, poultry-houses; windmill and tank; 106
acres of land; 22 acres rich level soil, balance
rolling; 6 acres bearing prunes; shade trees.
Can you beat this for a money-maker?
{4400 — ioi,-a acres at El Verano, 10 minutes'
walk Sonoma City; 4% acres bearing vines; 3
acres almonds; assorted fruit; fine roads on 3
sides; new, modern, hard-finished house of 7
rooms, bath, clothes and china closets; two-
story stable. 3 stalls, carnage-room; poultry-
housVe, brooder-house, 1500 chicks; 2 large In-
cubators; fenced, 10 fields with wire netting;
furniture and range; buggy cost $225; spring
wagon; 2 sets harness; tsw hens; sold -on ac-
count of death.
$350 down— 7 acrea saady loam, near Sebaa-
topol and electric cars; good house aad barn;
family orchard; rural delivery; $1800; others.
$75 per acre — Island land, 12 miles city of
Stockton, 4 miles railroad station; boat landing
on place; 66 acres, potato, onion, asparagus
and rye land; rents $10 per acre; Irrigation
dirth, free water; old buildings; also place that
adjoins this one with new buildings of 60 acres
similar land at same price.
$95 per acre — 100 acres of island land on
mala river, 6 miles Stockton, opposite the fa- '
mous Pierce dairy; potato, onion and grain
land; good house, barn, windmill and tank;
plenty of water for Irrigation; steamer landing
oa place; rent $10 per acre.
$875 down— 7 acres near Santa Rosa, on elec-
trlo line; house, barn, poultry-houses; 2 acres
grapes, 1 acre berries; price $1400.
$32.000 — 640 acres, one mile from town; 60
miles city; creek through place covers it with
sediment annually and unsurpassed for corn,
potatoes, onions, etc.; all bottom land; well
fenced and cross-fenced into 10 fields; water
near surface; water piped to buildings and
yards; windmill and IO.GCO-gallon tank—rail-
road passes through place; suitable alfalfa- 3
wells and large reservoir; barn 68x100; bara
68x60; barn 24x30; large wagoa aad toolhouse;
granary, cement cellar; modern 7-room dwell-
ing; flne Income.
$16,500 — General farm and dairy, comprising
820 acres of rich soil; one mile of station and
creamery; Marln Couaty; good 2-6 tory resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath;- adjoining 3-room
house for employes; 2 large barns; milkhouse;
3 large springs; water piped to house and
grounds; family orchard: ehade trees; large
crops hay, grain and potatoes; average rental
past 5 years, $750.
$25 per acre— 46B acres hill land, 8 mil*,
either Mayfleld or Mountain View; highest part
natural lake, fed by aprings on plaoe; sufficient
to supply neighboring towns and Irrigate a
large body of alfalfa; fine place for resort,
boating, etc.; small house, saloon aad restau-
rant, stables, etc.
$6250— Make your own terms; 40 acres in the
famous Lodl fruit belt; 30 acrea full bearing
orchard, half peaches. v balaace aprlcota and
pruaes; modern 6-room cottage; large, well-
built barn; frulthouae; windmill and tank; all
necessary outbuildings; farming Implements- 8
horses, cow, buggy, wagoa, eto.; 8 miles of
towa, 1 mile of school; can borrow two-thirds
prtCee " y - . ALFALFA LANDS,
$30 per acre, only half cash; on mala Stan-
islaus irrigation ditch, 3 miles of Rlpon, near
creamery, where milk is chipped to city daily-
70 mllea Baa Franciaco; level sandy loam, ali
ready to rua laterals; close to church and
$75 per acre — Subdivision! of 10 acrea up, 2%
mllee of Lodi; famous melon and tokay section-
alfalfa of the best; school on tract; fine homes
on all. sides.
$25 per acre — Under irrigation; la popular
alfalfa and dairy section Known as Maneccta
district; sandy soil; good roads; close to school
/ FRUIT AND POULTRY RANCHES
$550^—18 acres flne black loam at ' Mountai n.
View 39 mllea city; level, spriakled road; rural V
delivery: adjoining residences of well known
millionaires; 8 acres Blenheim apricots, 6 acres
hay 2 cottages, 3 rooms each; 5000-gallon
tank- Incubator and brooder-houses; 12 poultry-
houses- wire netting yards; stable, corrals, etc.;
running stream: dam erected creates artificial
lake for- boating;. massive oaks adorn property.
$18 000— 100 acres alluvial loam on the Bit-
Ranch road, \ 2 miles of Napa J City; ,- elegant
modern residence, baths, clothes and china
closets, 9 large rooms, hand decorated, hard-
wood floors: large grounds; stables, carriage-
house grounds, outbuildings; ' 3 acres choice
fruit-" sell 25 acres,' with . Improvements, for
$8000*; might trade good bay property.
58000 — 120 acres, 2 miles postofflce, Napa I
County: 170 acres; rich valley land; raises flne
corn and 1 grain; fenced into 6 fields; "2soo cords i
staadlng timber; , 3 large springe; old houee. 4
rooms; large barn; B young horses, buggy horse;
farm wagon; mowing machine; tools; furniture;
poultry; part cash; might trade. . . „
Send stamp for the - largest printed list pub-
lished on the coast. Property handled at bed-
rock • prices and on exclusive contracts only. \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0
W. J. WHITE v COMPANY.
26 Montgomery st, room B. PhonpN Main 5704.
. $S' PER ACRE. \u25a0,-..-. .
700 acres fine stock ranch ; plenty water;
family \u25a0 orchard, vegetable garden; buildings
and stock; all for $3500; departure: flne bar-
\u25a0\u25a0 gain. \u25a0- -\u25a0•.\u25a0\u25a0•• \u25a0• ... « -. . \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 - ..\u25a0
\u25a0 JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market et.S. F.
A : STAMP brings our free : catalogue ; of country
land. BURR-PADDON CO- 40 Montgomery
«W Baa FraacUcfe
KISAL E STATED-CPU JfTR Y-—For Jß jalj^
CARMICH AEL CO..
232 Montgomery \u25a0\u25a0 at.
- Branch Office, 2643 Mission st
$450 per acre — 50 acres at Stege station, suit-
able for subdivision; opposita Point Rich-
mond. ... \u25a0'\u25a0'/'\u25a0 •
$1000 uy— Some flne little Frultvale places.
$1280—10 acres Al land; level aad gently dop-
ing; 2 nice building altes; large shade
trees aad abundance ot water; 25 mile,
from S. F.; both rail and water transpor-
tation; flne hunting and fishing. :,v
$1400— Chicken ranch; 80 acres; house,^ barn,
eto. ', near Napa.
$1600—12 acres; 8 miles above ' San Rafael; 1
mile from good railroad town; . Al - soil j
small house, eta; good little bearing or-
chard; fine fishing and hunting; can be
made very profitable. >i-;w
$2600 — 6 acres at Orlnda Park. Contra Costa
County; on Sa.a Pablo Creek, back of
Berkeley; superbly fitted up for poultry;
wladmlll and tank; some fruit aad alfalfa.
$3400—15 acres; 2 miles from Haywards; good
0-room house, bara. windmill; flne as-
sorted orchard; land level and roUlng;
running stream on one Bide; fine for
poultry; school near.
$5000—23 acrea Al land; 8 mllea above Ban
Rafael: 1 mile from good railroad towo;
good improvements; house completely fur-
nished and plaoe stocked with horses,
cattle and several hundred chickens:
small orchard and vineyard; beautiful
shade trees; spring water piped all over,
also fine well; fronts on gravel road;
both rail and water transportation.
$9000— Fine stock ranch: 227 acres; all farm
tools- hay and furniture; 65 head of cat-
• tie; family orchard; running water; plenty
of wood ; near Napa, -
$3000— A good paying country hotel; photo at
this office.
Insurance. Bon<U '
R226'R 226' MtonSSw*tSt.' next to Mills building
$1600-6 acres; 2 vineyard. 1 fruit, 2 pas-
ture; good houee, barn, chicken house, and
well; close to town of Haywards, Alameda
County. MONTERET COUNTY.
$7500—670 acres; 100 aores plow land;
north of Carmel Valley; 12 miles from Mon-
terey house of 5 hooms, dairy, barn, cream-
ery outfit complete (cost $1000), 50 head of
dairy cows. 80 head young cattle, good^f »ed;
can raise plenty of hay to sell; half d'/wn
balance 1-2-8-year payments; this place will
stand the closest Investigation; good mar-
ket* • highest prices; close at hand for all
products- don't overlook this; it is worth
the moneys pomyrßT ranch.
$2500 — 6 acres, new 4-room house, poultry
house, all comolete: 60 bearing Bellflower
apple trees; Ideal place for poultry raUlng;
right at good town; cheap transportation to
' San Francisco: this Is a beautiful little home;
everything brand new;- easy terms.
If you are looking for country property of
"any character, prloe or kind. Interview us.
We will locate you to your perfect satisfac-
tion. Call on our address. .
J. T. NASH, Manager Couatry Department
YOUR OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE A HOME.
CHOICE 10- ACRE TRACTS
IN BUTTER COUNTY.
BEST ORCHARD LAND
IN CALIFORNIA
at'extremely reasonable prices.
Address P. O. Box 51. Tuba City.
"haywabd real estate.
P. WILBBRT.
:>.• , Real Estate and Insurance,
6% acres; about 2 acres In young fruit; bal-
ance <rood for hay and early peas; 2 miles
from town; $800.
7 acres; 2 acres In fruit and vineyard; house,
6 rooms, barn, chicken-houses, well, mill and
tank; horse, buggy harness and farming im-
plements, 100 clltckens; $3tSOO.
2 acres: 4-room house: small barn; chicken-
houses; some fruit; only $ICOO V
4 acres: house, 6 rooma, barn, numerous
chicken-houses, well, mill and tank; about 600
chickens; horse, buggy, harness, farming Im-
plements; Incubator; flne chicken ranch; all
stocked and doing business; $4000. .
6 acres, 2 acres of which is In fruit, full
bearing; house, 4 rooms' and bath, barn, chick-
en-houses, brooder-house, well, mill and tank,
woodahed, pigeon-house. Incubator; farming
implements; 200 chickens, mostly pullets;
$3750.
5 acres: about 6 acres in fruit; house, 4
rooms and storeroom; barn, chicken-hous.es,
brooder-house, well; mill and tank; fruit cut-
ting house, sulphur house, 'trackage, "trays and
fruit boxes; horse, harness, wagon, spring
wagon. Incubator, chickens and farming uten-
*lls; aold thla year JSOO worth of fruit from
the place,' a splendid in vestment; price oaly
$4500.
No safer investments can be ' found in the
State than these properties; all near town,
good schools and flne climatic condition. Ap-
ply to P. WILBERT, 629 Castro st, Hay-
ward. Cal. "J" : ;
HAYWARD Tr
CHRISTMAS SNAPS.
RAMAGE A STANTON.
Our new.subdlvißlons In lots of 6 acres each;
$300 down, balance to suit purchaser; no In-
terest; no taxes.
. $1800 — 4 acres; half in fruit aad vines; house
of 5 rooms, barn. 100 chickens, 2 cows; 1 mile
from P. O. ; a splendid little bargain.
$1600 — 11 acres unimproved; flne soil; good
lard for early peas; good .location; this Is a
1 big snap.
$2000—2 acres; fruit and berries; 6-room
house, barn, city water, chicken yard, etc; 3
blocks from postofflce;
$3700 — 7 acres; 4 acres fruit, balance veg-
etable soil; modern house, 5 rooms, bath, etaj
barn. 3 chicken houses: splendid little poultry
ranch;.3X£ miles from Hayward; good road. ; .
FOR SALB OR EXCHANGE.
$5000 — 10 acres; 7 acres In orchard; 4-room
houße, barn, chicken houses and yard, mill and
tank; an Ideal home; 2%Nnllee from Hayward.
For further particulars apply to
RAMAGE & STANTON,
Castro st.. near A. Hayward.
SUNXYVALE REAL ESTATE.
%'}';' . SUNNYVALE.
Down the. peninsula, midway betweea Palo
Alto and San Jose, when the cut-off Is fin-
ished, will be only 40 minutes' ride from Third
and Townsend sts. It Is growing faster than
any town on the - coast . division, being sur-
rounded by the most prolific lands in Santa
Clara County, where can be grown cherries^
apricots, prunes; apples and pears; also in the
artesian belt, alfalfa, berries, vegetables, gar-
den seeds and flowers. Sunnyvale Is also des-
tined to be the manufacturing center of the
Pacific Coast and it Is already the home of
The Goldy Machine Co., who early In the
year will give employment to hundreds of
hands; also the home of the Jubilee Incubator
Co.. whose Immense plant Is now In > full
operation. One of the largest green fruit ship-
ping houses have located and will give em-
ployment to 100 hands for 8 months in the
year. No" place offers the advantages that
Sunnydale does for the home-seeker. Lota
from $50 up. and V, acre, acre and 5-acra
tracts for sale. Good schools, churches, stores,
bank, Inmber yards, weekly newspaper. Come
down and look us over or write for maps and
catalogues. : - \u25a0 . •
SUNNYVALE LAND COMPANY.
W. JJ. CROSSMAN CO.,' Sole Agents, Sunny-
vale, Cal. -
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE).
INVEST AT
POINT RICHMOND.
. '-> r • POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
POINT RICHMOND.
: LOTS $50 UP.
.LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
LOTS $50 UP.
*. LOTS $50 UP.
$1 00 DOWN. <l 00 A WEEK.
NO INTEREST! NO TAXES!
\u25a0 '\u25a0 Directly ' on Car Line !
Poiat Richmond is Growing Rapidly!
Our Lots Offer Good Opportunity to Investors I
PACIFIC REALTY CO.,
PACIFIC RE ALTY CO
. PACIFIC REALTY CO..
419-420 GRANT BLDG., S. F. "
• Cor. Market and 7th. Tel. South 1070.
MARIN COUXTY REAL ESTATE.
ROSENTHAL TRACT.
NOW ON SALB.
This magnificent property, lying midway be-
tween Ross and • San Anselmo,' comprising a
tract of over 300 acres of the choicest resi-
dence property In ; this delightful suburb, . has
Just been placed, on the market in lots to suit
purchasers. Commands an . unsurpassed - view
of Mount Tamal pa Is and. the -entire valley
From $300; to. $600 per acre. ;
This Is by far the cheapest of any property
offered in thi* choice suburb; less than •10
minutes' ; walk « from either statioa.
Don't wait until the choicest are sold; easy
terms if desired.. -. •
- Maps -and particulars of \u25a0':
F. B. SURRYHNE. Sole Agent,
'. : V l4 'Butter at. : .
" RE Ali ESTATE WANTED.
LAND wanted for : subdivision ";% will ; buy out-
right or will Join owner la booming. addition
or town site, t MAXWELL, r. 1174, Jane.
1 Flood bid* ,
BURLINOA3IE] RBAJL ESTATE.
AA — WHY buy outside of the town of Bur-
Ungame when you can buy choice lots right
in the "hub" itself of the Howard estate for
the came money. -Wise oaes have bought and
are building homes there, because the loca-
tloa is right aad there Is sound value In tat
property. /Large' lots, 50x160. aad larger
prices. $450 aad up;, easy terms and low in-
terest; wide - aveaues. streets graded and
sewered, water pipea laid. Ia short time thi»
property only 23 mlaute. from the city, if
you want the best lots for home or to hold
lor a raise buy the Howard property. Send
for map and price list to Howard Estate, 200
Sansome it., room 3; phono Mala 632. Local
offloe right at the "Hub" la Burllagame.
Agent on grouad every day.
SAX MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO COUNTY REAL ESTATE.
For sale — 27 acres, near Palo Alto; good
land; 'sDlendld trees;. would subdivide well;
this is a snap; terms If wanted.
Vi-acre lots on "Lee Tract," Woodslde road,
near town; some beautiful trees; two sources
of water; easy monthly payments.
Good botel and bar; paying business: you
can make term, if wanted; thla is a money-
maklnar hotel. -
Borne nicely wooded lota in Oakwood Park
Tract, near Fair Oaks station; easy payments;
and other properties.
See J. D. SMITH for Prices.
United Contracting and Realty Co..
Redwood City. Cal.
FAIR OAKS REAL ESTATE. '>_
A— FAIR OAKS MENLO PARK.
Villa sites containing 1 to 5 acrea on un-
usually easy terms. Beautifully wooded.
Water and electric lights. Bus direct. Con-
venient to station, "Fair Oaks Park." "Lind*
Vista", and \u25a0 "Qulllota" Tracts. luveatlgate
our properties aad Inducements before buy-
In*.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO.,
116 California st.. B. F. and Menlo Park.
PIEDMONT REAL ESTATE.
IF yon want a fine lot in the Alta Piedmont
Tract at a bargain see me at once.
A forced sale makes a low prtoe. W. M.
C BUTTERS. Real Estate, i Loans and Insur-
ance.
468 Eleventh st.. Oakland. Phone Oakland 843>.
; GOVERN MEXT 'JLASp.
WE will locate you 00 food Government land;
you are entitled to 820 acre, of Government
land. ICO acres of agricultural land and also
160 acrea of a timber claim. Call and see us
at 61 4 A Jones st Tel. East 4783. PACIFIC
LOCATING. DEVELOPING AND COLONI-
' ZATION COMPANY.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Truat Co. are the
owners of large blooks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities." Palo Alto and Mayfl«ld, the
Stanford University towns; large lots. $300
and up; cement walks; graded streets, etc;
'small monthly payments; country property:
houses for rent. San Francisco office. 720
Market; phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted.
HALPMOON BAY REAL ESTATE.
FINE beach lot, 50x165; 2 frontages; cheap.
Address box 2746. Call office.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
12-ROOM, modern flat building; rent $480 per
year; prlc« $7000; 1 al«o 9-room, modem res-
idence/ price $10,000; also 40-room lodglng-
housa, new furniture, good lease, low rent,
price $4600; all in city of Los Angeles; want
. Oakland, S. F. or Berkeley property; /'would
consider good livery business. THE ALDEN
CO., 468 10th St.. Oakland, or bot 6228, Call.
SANTA CLARA Valley ranch of 29 acrea of
No. 1 soil for exchange for property la bay
oltiee; a bargain; $4000. Owner, 820 14th St.,
Oakland.
$7000 IN clear lots In Oakland; will trad* all
or part for nice residence and assume. THE
ALDBN CO.. 468 10th St.. Oakland, or box
6229, Call office. 1
$300 TO $600 residence lots in Oakland and
Berkeley; want nice driving horse and buggy.
• THE ALDEN CO.. 468 10th st., Oakland, or
box 6230, Call offloe.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — For cash, two flats; state lowest
cash price and exact location. Address box
2747. Call office.
WANTED — Good city and country real estate.
BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery su.S.F.
ALAMEDA: ADVERrS'M'TS
_ ww^JiL^MEJDA^JS^AJ^JB^ATR^^^
PURCHASE A HOME IN ALAIIEDA TO-DAY
SECURE A LOT BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.
VALUES IN ALAMEDA WILL DOUBLE."
WE WILL OFFER TO THE PUBLIC FOR
ONE WEEK THE BIGGEST / BARGAINS
EVER PUT ON THE MARKET. '
HERB ARE A FEW:
Fine manufacturing site on the c&nal at a
bargain. ,
LARGE TRACTS OP ALAMEDA 77ATER
FRONT FOR SALE.
HOUSES AND LOTS AT ALT. PRICES..
LOTS IN THE CHOICEST RESIDENCE LO-
CALITIES.
$1500— Fine cottage. 4 rooms and bath.
|1700— Large 6-room cottage; cost $2000.
$2250 — Beautiful bungalow cottage: a saap.
$2100 — 6-room cottage and 4-room flat; rented
$22 a month.
$3760— Elegant home, 7 rooms and bath;
Chestnut et. \u25a0 \u25a0
$4500 — 8-room house; large. lot; Central aye.
GET OUR PRICES AND TERMS.
JTJST LIKE PATTNO RENT.
$860 — Large lot, near Clinton aye. - ,
$050 — Lot 62x147, on principal street.
$2500— Lot 200x108; manufacturing; a snap.
HOMES AT ALL PRICES.
HOUSES BUILT. RENTED AND EX-
CHANGED.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1418 Park st; Alameda,
HALLY & CO. . ~~~-
52160— 5-room modern - cottage; large yard;
2106 Clement aye.; this place is also for rent
for 818; water extra.
$1000— Lot 60x137; east side of Park st. op-
posite Clinton aye.
W« also have 8 pieces of improved business
property, paying a good Interest on the in-
vestment, in the business portion of town; also
a number of flne building lota.
HALLY & CO..
2315 Santa Clara aye., Alameda, Cal.
$1600— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern; Improved; lot 27:6x125; as Invest-
ment pays 10 per cent.
$2500- : -2-story . house. 16 rooms, baths; corner
lot In first-class; in good boarding-house
locatloa; . must be sold.
We build on Installments In all parts of
Alameda; on terms to- suit; we furnish plan*
and give estimate free. ~
WM. DUFOUR * CO.,
2328 Santa Clara aye., near Park st,
Alameda.
A LOVELY Swiss house aad lot. fronting right
,on San - Franclfco Bay. south side. .
New ' 5-room cottage for sale ; easy term*.
8-room cottage; Santa Clara aye.. near Park.
Unimproved near railroad from $10 to $15 a
front foot; come and see U. before it la sold.
G. L. LEWIS,
V - IPI6 Park st; Alameda,
LOOK THI3 UP.
Two-.tory, modern, 8-room house. 925 Chest-
nut st.; porcelain bath; . hardwood floors; ras
and electricity; concrete basement; furnace:
all modern conveniences; street work done; lot
60x108: nice shrubbery, etc.; price $4750; eaey
terms. J. 8. HANLEY, 1310 Park st., Ala-
mefla. . .- ; . \u25a0 • \u25a0 s . \u25a0 \u25a0 :.
DON'T fall to call on CHAS. ADAMS * CO..
Bay station; we have bargains in Alameda
. real estate, . ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 i
PEEKELEYADVERT y S ? NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
; A BARGAIN.
$6300—9 large rooms, brick cellar, brick ftran-
•\u25a0< dation, windmill and tank; water all
through the house; barn and chicken-
house; lot 75x125; aad 15 lots. 40x125. goes
with the property; 4 blocks to cars, 1 block
\u25a0-', to proposed Key Route; this property Is
\u25a0 -' > nice and high,. commanding a view of sur-
rounding . couatry. aad ia actually worth
m $12,000, having $8450 worth of lots, actual
value, aside from the ; house and lot, 75x
125.
FOR INVESTORS. -
$1700— Corner of 163 feet on Adeline st. by 123
• \u25a0 > feet on Felton ; at. ; a store and 12-room
house, used now as a hotel; ao other laad
lnthls block can be bought for less thaii
$200 per -front, foot.
W. C. MORANft C0..- South Berkeley.
: OPEN SUNDAYS.
$550— HOUSE 4 . rooms; • lots 60x108. .
$2600— House ; 6 rooms; lot 52x135; well,
windmill, tank, fruit trees, etc.; near Key
Route and S. P.. train Btatlons.' -
' Also choice lots and business properties.
- J. v P. HALE,. :-. .
Cor. University and Shattuck aye., Berkeley, '
BEEKELEYADYEBT ? S ? NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattuck aye... Berkeley. Cal.
Opposite Key Route Station.
AFTER CHRISTMAS
Save Your Money and Invest in a Berkeley
Home.
Corner lot; 40x110; Parker st. south.
frontage; only •. 4600
South front lots oa Parker st, 40x182... $52S
Full sized lots, 60x130, in the McGee
Tract $800
Four blooks from DwUht way station,
south frontage; street work all done;
building up very rapidly $675
Lota on Benveaue, north of Woolsey,
40x120 $1200
Lots oa College, north of Woolsey,
40x120 „.... $1400
Lota opposite eatrance to the beautiful
Elmwood Park Tract.- from $1300 to $2500
$7000— For aa S-room house on the hll!i ot
North Berkeley; view unsurpassed; oorner
lot; all rooms sunny; three fireplaces;
large attlo; an ideal home.
$7000— 8-room house on Prospect ; lot 60^144;
8 rooms in attic partly finished; large
basement
$4000 — 8-room house, new, modern; three fire-
places; flemish oak finish; beam celling
aad hall; leaded windows; corner lot;
south aad east exposure; close to atations.
$3250 — 6-room. 2-atory shlagled house; two
blocks from Key Route and S. P. stations;
new, modern, very nicely planned; $350
cash, balance $23 per month.
$2800 — 6-room house. North Berkeley, south
front sunny, flae vk>w of both bay and
Berkeley hills; paneled hall: front and
back stairs; large living room; clos»> to
6. P. station.
SOME GOOD THINGS IN BUSINESS
PROPERTY; COME AND SEE.
City Office. 20 Post St.. Ban jPranotsco.
A FEW OF OUR BUSINESS PROPOSITIONS.
$18,500—50 ft' frontage on Addlson st, half
block from station 'and oppoalte proposed
site of the Berkeley Postofflce. A splen-
did opportunity. -
$2,loo— Lot 45x111. 60th and Adeline, for a
few day. only.
$8,000—100x91. BE Center and Grove its.
$3,760—119x91. NE Allatoa way aad Grove at
These are two business corners which
He directly oppoalte the land recently
deeded for Berkeley*, new Towa Hall
\u25a0lte. It looks good .to us, how doe. it
look to you?
$12.500— A North Berkeley business corner,
120x184:0.
$12,600— Elegant business buy on Allston way.
Fast growing section; oaly a few lota
left in Hopkins Terrace No. 4. As tal.
tract ia to be greatly beautified In the
near future, it afforda you an elegant
opportunity to secure your home alte
in one of Berkeley's most beautiful sec-
tions. • \u25a0 fo> --
$1,450— A south frontage la the Berry-Bangs
Tract Dees lot; cheapest to be had
about this vicinity.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
2123 Center Street.
Berkeley, Cal.
San Francisco office. 510 Mission at., room
801. • -. \u25a0
Phoae Montgomery 825; hour. 9 t» 13 m.
CHOICEST OF
. TELEGRAPH AVENUE
RESIDENCE PROPERTY
FOR SALE IN
SUB-DIVISIONS AT
REASONABLE PRICES
8 BLOCKS FROM KEY ROUTE STATION
V ' STREET WORK DONE
sisoo «woo fc I -
tsi 8 s-
u 113 113 i
I I " 1-^ ;
M 1 I t I °° is 1
5»»» « • • s
w
140 137 37 1371 ff 42 I£ J
' TtLEORAPH AVENUE
Desirable Resldeace Lots on Telegraph. Ave-
nue Are Becoming Scarce
THE OPPORTUNITY IS YOURS
HALF CASH— BALANCE TO SUIT
HEQDEMARK & BRADHOFT.
SOLE AGENTS,
LORIN, BERKELEY, CAU
Phone Berkeley 1106
CLAREMONT.
Chcove now a lot in this most desirable part
of Berkeley. We have a aumber of very choice
oaes. For Instance. ..; }' „ ,
Three east-frontage lota, 40x120; pric*.. s2soo
A corner. Stuart st. 120x114 at $1200
Another corner, south front for $1050
72 feet west side College, aear Claremont.
for $40 per foot.
See that fine 8-room house near Telegraph
aye.. lot 75x135. for $4750.
HASELTTNE tc CO..
2180 Center st 3
Phone Berk 1520.
" O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
$1550— 8-room cottage- bath, pantry, eto.: lot
40x127; close to Key Route station; terms
$100 down, balance $16 tor month.
' $1500 — Bargain: 4-room cottage; bath; pantry,
etc.; lot 60x135; close to Key Route and
S. P.; terms $150 cash, balaace $20 per
' month.
$2000— Cheapest 5-room cottage in town; bath,
paatry. etc; lot 40x100; terms $200 casa
aad $20 per month.
$2500 — Elegant 5-room cottage; paneled bath,
pantry and laundry; extra well built:
handy to Key Route and S. P.; terms $250
cash and $25 per month.
$3000 — Extra flne 6-room cottage; thoroughly
modera; high cemeated basement, water
and gas coanected; cloae to Key Route;
street work and walks complete; terms if
-fleslred.
* O. A. RUDOLPH. .
Lorin Station. South Berkeley. Open Sunday.
F. H. LAWTON 1 & CO..
Real Estate and House Reatlng.
Offloe Phone. Berkeley 1115. 2147 Center st
Residence Phone. Berkeley 141.
,\u25a0 THESH ARE SNAPS.
17500 — An artistic 9-room house on a coraer.
50x140 feet. In Berry-Bangs Tract; thi. i«
a modern house, with furnaoe; was not
built to sell, and Is a bargain.
$4600— House of 8 rooms, besides bedroom and
storeroom In attic: sunny corner. 45xS0
feet: near U. C. and Telegraph ava. ; this
Is a nice, modern, shingle house and re-
duced from $4750 for a quick sale.
$3150 — House of 6 rooms, south froat. near Tel-
egraph aye.. on Ward at: lot 37:6x135
feet; reduced from $3500.
$1200— Lot oa College, la Falrview; east front
$1200— Lot on Regent. Fairview Tract; all three
lot, are 50- foot front.
HOUSE. 6 rooms; modern; lot 40x160.... 52300
House 7 rooms, modern; only 1 block of
Key Route 5tat10a........... $3300
Cottage. 4 rooms, modern; lot 50x150;
term. $1300
House, modern. 1 rooms. 2-story; Rus-
sell at. near Telegraph aye.: easy
term. x • .". .$3300
Cottage, 8 rooms; lot graded; snap $700
Lot. 40x135: 2 blocks of Lorin statloa;
street work complete $S5O
Lot cear Ashby station: 85x120 $325
2 spleadld corner lots near Telegraph and
COth it; cheap.
I. L. GRAINGER.
8269 Ad-llne st.
South Berkeley.
MILLS THH REAL ESTATE MAN.
2141 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
Offer, some excellent opportunities for making
. your heart glad, not only for the Christmas
holiday, but for the coming year as well;
buy a home in Berkeley and be happy; yon
cannot make any mistake in doing so: if
you want lavestmeat property, no place
offers equal advantages; Berkeley Is the oasts
of the desert; namlag the other suburban
towns a. the desert Write to me for a
beautiful booklet that will help to convince
you that I am correct
; . \u25a0 , \u25a0 PHTLO MILLS.
ALMOST new; modern house, 6 rooms; flae lo-
cation In South Berkeley; two blocks from
Grove-st. car.; 4 blocks from Key Route;
40 foot corner lot; $2300; $200 cash, balaace
like rent.
\u25a0 W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California . St. - San Francisco, Cal. :
WARREN CHENEY A CO.. \u25a0 • ~
REAL ESTATE-INSURANCE.
$5500— A first-class Investment proposition that
pays over 11 per ceat net; house of 9 rooms
aad one smaller in rear; just south of uni-
versity; will always reat: Improvements new
and up to date. -
BERKELEY HOME BUILDING
ASSOCIATION
Will build you ' an up-to-date home on small
i payments down, balance same as rent. WAR.
REN CHENEY & CO.. axents. First Na-
tional Bank building. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY'S best buys can all be found ta
•our .lists; come in and we will show you
where we are -investing our own • money
SKILLING. Realty and Reatals," 2114 Center
st. Berkeley; correspoadeace propmtly an-
swered. . \u25a0' .
$3750— NEW. house: 7 rooms and bath* Tele-
graph aye. and Webster st.; easy terms.
LITTLE * "WOOLSET. 2110 Sbattack «»> \u25a0
Berkeley. C**, ~7
BEEKELE V ADVEKT'S'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
"The mountains look down upon CLAREMONT
Aad CLAREMONT looks dowa upon the sea."
Byron.
Where can you find a more desirable spot
for a home?
Lota 50x160 for $2C00; a stone's throw front
a Key Route station.
Lots 50x130 for $900 and up. on easy terms; ia
FAIRVIEW PARK
are moving rapidly — secure oae.
120x133; on Fr-tcSisco st: in growing
neighborhood $1,100
40x135; oa Bonlta aye.. North Berkeley 1.040
50x125; on Le Roy aye.. Wheeler Tract. 1.600
A Telearaph-ave. corner, north of
•Dwlght way 10,009
A 10-room home in Wheeler Tract; dou-
ble floor.; furnace; flne garden; 63x130 7,309
T-room home. Scenic Park Tract; nat-
ural redwood finish; 60x160 S. SCO
8-room house; Hlllegass aye., near
Dwlght way; 60x160 c.75«
Finest FLAT In town for reat for $23 per
month; located at head of ChaaiUng way.
overlooking Berkeley and the campus.
# MASON-McDUFFIB COMPANT.
Bhattuck aye. . Caatar «t.
BIRDSALL A CRAIG.
M3S Sbattuck aye.. at Berkeley station.
A choice oorner. short distance from the nefr
Key Route station ; south and west expasure:
100x120; price $3150; street work and sidewalks
oomplete.
Flae lot facing Elmwood Park; atreet work,
aldewalks and .ewers complete; this is a snap
at $1250.
Swell home near College aye.: 8 large, sunny'
rooms; a bargain at $37 50.
That beautiful tract about to be opened at
College and Claremont ayes. Is 1 block from
the Key Route station and is In that sheltered*
warm belt; 11 minutes to Oakland by the
College-aye. car Uae; 5 minutes to the univer-
sity by the College-aye. car aad 30 minutes to>
Saa Fraaclsco by the Key route.
This tract is covered with beautiful oak
trees.
All lots will be 60x140.
A building restriction will be placed on the
property to assure a first-class character of
Improvemeats.
All street work, sidewalks, sewers, gas and
water pipes will be laid. The streets will be'
curbed with cement curbing, and In every sen^e
of the word It will be a first-class home site.
27 aopUcatlons have been filed for choices
in thi9 beautiful tract as soon as a map it
out and you will do well to put your nama
down for one of the 137 lots, as its location,
facilities for car communications, climate and
geaeral desirabilities will make It oae of tli*
most popular bulldlas spots oa this side o"
the bay.
— — — —
We have a choice selection of homes, build-
lag sites aad business properties.
BIRDSALL & CRAIG.
2185 Shattuck aye.. at Berkeley station.
r snap. '
5-room cottage, laundry. Data, electric lights,
gas; corner lot. 40x100; $2000.
2 lots adjolnlag corner, 40x100, $ICO each.
6-room new shingled cottage, bath, laundry;
large lot; two aad a half blocks to Key Route
station. South Berkeley: electricity and gas;
$24G0; $300 down, $20 per month.
8-room new cottage, two and a half block*
from Key Route station; high basement: largo
lot; bath, laundry, electric aad ga3 fixture*;
$2700.
2 new 2-story houses. 8 and 7 rooms; larg»
lot; modem In every respect: gas aad electrici-
ty: $3000 and $3200; easy terms can be made.
Santa Fe'lots In tracts 8. 11, 13 and 20. $750;
20 per cent down, $15 per month.
75 acres ot orchard, near Haywards: price
$12,000; will subdivide or exchange for good
Berkeley or Oakland property, either bualnesa
or residence.
10- acre orchard near Haywards: $!SOO.
5 acres near city limits; may be subdivided
and sold in lota; $4000.
Bargain — Fine corner lot; all street work and
sidewalk done; $100 down. $10 per month.
JOHNSON-BULLARD REALTY CO..
8524 Adeline St.. South Berkeley.
ELROD A HULL.
Etc hundred dollars takes a fine wood and
coal business in a flne location; there are two
wagons, a team of good horses.
The office and yards can be reated for $23
per month. Call at our office aad let us show
It to you.
No. 58— 53150 — A fla« 6-room cottage; shrub-
bery, fruit trees: street work all
done: modern throughout; cottage
Is almost new; lot 50x125.
No. 43 — $2350— Large 4-room cottage, bow be-
* ing built; bath, large pantry and
closets, high basement, laundry
back porch: lot 424x100; near
Telegraph avenue; this is a flne
buy; will sell oa terms to suit.
Call and see us In regard to improved and
unimproved property; we respectfully solicit
your patronage.
ELROD & HULL. Ashby station, Berkeley;
Frultvale aye., FnUtvale.
A flne. 6-room. furnished flat, oae short block
from Ashby station; reat $25 per month, water
Included.
ELROD & HULL.
Ashby Station. Berkeley.
$1750— COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath, pantry, hiirh
baaemeat. brick foundation; lot 40x133:
\u25a0ewered. bricked well." windmill and lane*
taak; driveway, barn, chicken hou3e. fruit,
berries, flowers, etc. (2140)
$2525 — New 1%-story gotnlc house; « good
rooms, bath, patent toilet, pantry, electric
light ruel gas; lot 30x133; S minute* from
this station; cash $300 and balance Uk*
reat UOSO
$2200 — Pretty new rustic bungalow: 4 gocd
rooms, bath, pantry, electric light: lars»
porch- lot 35x95; all street work and
walks done. (2063)
$3300 — Modern 2-story house; 9 rooms, hath,
pantry 2 toilets, electric light: lot 41:« x
120; street work done and cement walks
laid- finely located on Harper st., 2 min-
utes, from Ashby station; cash $600 and
$23 moathly. (209*0
$4000— Desirable resldeace on main avenue.
nearly new colonial house; * rooms, bath.
2 toilets, paatry. electric light and seas;
! bold corner lot. 43x112: street work and
cement walks doaa on both streets. (2090)
H D IRWIN Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
"BEST BEBKEXJST BUY 3."
8-room cottage built for a home; lot 30x130;
IV, blocks from station. V, block from Shat-
tuck aye.: lot alone worth n»ar $2000-«">0O.>.
Another 7-room house, flae lot. shrubbery;
location perfect: owner noa-resldeat and will
sell cheap— s34oo.
A fine corner for Investment, can be bousht
cheap as whole and subdivided Into thcos
! °Nlce lot." close la, to build cottage en; oaly
"Three* lots^sast of Shattuck: flae mvest-
meat for less than $ICOO.
We hay* taken a census of property pur-
chasable in all desirable parts of Berkel-y
and can give exact Information oa com-
parative values of houses or lots.
3IULLXNO.
2114 Center at
y. H.~ PITMAN. t
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE,
2187 SHATTUCK AYE.. BERKELEY. CAL.
I have seme good bargains in lot. on tarns
In the following tracts: -
Elmwood Park Prices $1730 to $4009
Claremont Park ....Prices 800 to 3000
iFalrvtewPark Pri«» SOO to 2500
Claremont properties Prices 1250 to IWU)
Bay View TerVace Prices SOO to 13C0
Hopklas Terrace No. 3 .
and B4 Prices 400 to 30CO
Regents Park Tract Prices n 800 to 705
Ia addition to these tracts I >jn deliver * |
plat of ten lots at $3000 for the wEijs. This ia
situated only a few blocks from they Santa F»
tract, and is a flne Investment.
I also have lota and houses In different sec-
tions of Berkeley that I will be glad to show
you if at any time you may wish to call.
CLAREMONT PROPERTIES ADVANCE 19
%^ MU . per CENT.
On Wednesday next an tae property la this
: College avenue property will be advanced 10
per ceat in price. Thi. Is definite. Take th«»
Advantage offered and mak* tbe profits your-
self
We will bay Realty Syndicate bonds at higa
figure. NEEDHAM 4'nbEDHAM.
2131 Center st. Berkeley. -
MAY YOU HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS
* \nT> HAPPY NEW YEAR ON TH*J
MONEY YOU HAVE MADE BY DEAL-
ING WITH
E. I* CORYELL CO..
Real - Estate and Insurance.
Rooms 301-303 First National Bank bid*.
Phone Berkeley 92. P. O. box 93.
"~ SPECIAL*
A business corner on Adeline st.. South
Berkeley. $32 frcnt foot.
, JOHNSON-BULLARD REALTY CO..
3324 Adeline St.. . South Berkeley.
'-. ..SB. KENFIELD & CO.. "
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
2115 SHATTUCK AYE. BERKELEY.
Pa* Additional Classified Advertl**.
\_ t ; meats Ice ftf* 4 , v _
4142
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Property in Berkeley and you will
We have for rent and for pale Borne"
1 -1.3*1".. V & W I. lli \u0084
Postoffice bldg., Berkeley.
SOUTH UKRIOULEV REAL ESTATE.
TLTPER & KAY.
South Berkeley, Lorin Station.
New 5-room cottage, with all modern im-
provements; convenient to Key Route; etreet
work done; price J2WO: terms will b? made. .
New C-room bungalow, tSiat is a beauty, sit-
uated close to Key Houte: street work done;
price $2iKR»; term? can be obtained if desired.
An elejnint new 6-rocni house, situated on
a sunny corner; street work done; short walk
to Key route; price $4200; this is a bargain.
Are you looking for a lot? We can suit you.
for we hive them in all parts of the town and
at all prices.
TUPrKR & KAY.
Thone Berkeley IMP.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
HENT.Y IWRKMETER.
32<ifl ]-"n;it\ale aye., Fruitvale. Cal.
flltxi — Oottape of 4 rooms; l*>t 7r>xU»}>:2: 2-
*tcry barn and chicken house; city water; oa
macadamized etrtet; 3 blocks from car:^easy
4erm* if desired. (216)
Jl3OO — Cottage of 4 rooms, 2 rooms unfln-
islf-d; basement; lot "xl<s; v, block from car
i;ne; owner is very anxious to sell. (21S)
$11(10 — Pmall store and S rooms; lot 30x125: on
tu*t Fourteenth Et. East Oakland: terms $150
cisth. balance $12 per month.
-511WI — House of 2 room!>: chicken houses;
lnt lik>xlXs; in bearing fruit trees; on macad-
amired street; one block from car line; terms
f-HM cash, balance- easy terms to suit. (13S)
51fiT,0 — Elegant bungaJCw cottage of 4 rooms
end bath: now in course of construction; cor-
X*v lot r>oxl2s; all fenced: 2 blocks from Fruit-
\sl(> aye.: wwer; city water; high elevation;
*£*>\u25a0 teriris if desired. t.215)
JIS.V*— Best baigain in Fruitva'.e; bungalow
Cott-ace of 4 rooms and bath; hard finished:
cos*. .-r lot BCxl4<>; on maeadairized street; 3
block* from Fr-Jitvale aye.; car line; near
t-cbcwl: terms $300 cash, balance $18 per
t;<n-.i. (212)
. ?2;">5O — Two-story house of 6 large rooms
fcr.'d bath; all newly renovated; lot S5xlOO:
£ 'Mocks from Fruitvale station; terms $150
cash, balance S2O i^er month. '54)
$2300— A bargain on Fruitvale aye.; modern
C> ttage oi T> rooms; large reception hall; cove
retting: paneled dining-room; fine oak mantel;
«<-;r;b;naticn gas fixtures; porcelain bathtub,
Stationery tubs; high basement; lot 40x150. (211)
. Sf.'vjo cash, balance $30 per month for a fine
?-sutry Soufc* of C large rooms; ail modern; on
i"^-«.ivale aye.; 6 minutes' walk to local train;
jric* all told. $3300. (ITS)
**s(\t — Up-to-date cottage of 6 large rooms
»nti bath; attic all floored and partly finished:
X.'.ph basement; lot 171x^01; in bearing fruit
trees; on Fruitvale aye., upper Fruitvale;
Vcith investigating. \u25a0 <214)
for particulars apply to
HENRY BARKMEYER.
?20C Fruitvale aye.. Fruitvaie. Cal.
Telephone Brook IT2I. '
UrDELL HEAL ESTATE Co!
f-. K. Corner Washington Ft. and Fruitvale aye.
Ttoe Leaditir Real Estate Dealers in
Fruitvale, Cal.
HO ?;OT FAIL TO SEE THESE BARGAINS.
$1600 — House. 4 rooms, with lot 50x300: good
well; terms f5OO cash, baJance bank loan
b rer cent. No. 50.
$1150 — Cozy little house. 2 nice rooms; lot 50
xI05; city water; fruit trees and flowers;
withlii easy waJking distance to station;
terms part cash, balance $7 per month.
No. 12.
f. :\u25a0<• — Cottage. 3 rooms, hard finished; lot 50x
100; limit trees and flowers; 2 blocks
1 from school; 5 minutes to ftreet-car line;
• terms $350 cash, balance $10 per month.
• No. SO.
f-X9»«)— Modern cottage. 5 mores and bath; S
minutes' walk from station: terms part
* . cash. No. 104.
$23<)o — Cottape, 5 large rooms and bath; lot
• 57:6x124; on macadamized street; one
' block from car line and just 5 blocks
from station : terms $750 cash, balance
; bank loan. No. 105.
$1300 — Houee, 3 rooms and bath: fruit trees
«nd flower? in abundance; corner lot, 100
\u25a0 jt120:4: 4 block* from car line; this is a
liar-gain; terms 5»55<> ca£h, balance S per
"' cent loe.n. No. 41.
{;\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0• — House, 8 rooms and bath; Fruitvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk fri>m station; lot
3SxlI&; lawn, flowers end fruit tree*;
terms ran cash. No. 8.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$CswO — RiKidhouse; en High Ft.; 8 large rooms
and bath; lot 44x23'-; terms $I<XK) cash,
balance to fuit purchaser. No. 19.
FOR RENT.
$25 >w>r month, furnished cottage of 4 rooms
and reception ball; 5 minutes' walk to
the. station.
•P.UDELL REAL ESTATE CO..
B. E. Cor. Washington st. and Fruitvale aye.
BOULEVARD REALTY COMPANY.
1227 OLD COUNTY ROAD. CORNER TWEN-
TY-FIFTH AYE.
GET OFF AT TWENTY-THIRD AYE.
*\u25a0\u25a0-'."'> — Beautiful 10-room house on fine 6treet.
elo«e and handy to every convenience; grand
view; «>outh frontage; let 50x140; high base-
ment already floored: cou!d toe maiJe fnto nice
rooms and house converted into 3 flats.
{3000 — Two majmifleent C-room flats on fine
rtreet; pood location and handy to cars, trains
and business; fine lot. 62x100; building alone
m-ould cost to build $C 500; for an investment
you cannot beat It.
$65:'O — 20 acres of nice land: new 8-rnom
house; hard flnlth^d. with gas and gas fixtures
In every room; windmill and tank; 2 barns,
chicken -houses, etc.; thie Is certainly a map.
$300 PER lot: ?2O caeh. Jo monthly; theee lots
are 240 feet deep, on graded street, only 6
S minutes' walk Irom local trains and 1 block
from i i.fi:.i-" center; for a home or an in-
vestment they can't be beat. ;-•; -•
$250 per let: ?2<) cash, $5 monthly: a few
choice lots only 150 feet from Fruitvale *ye.
and short walk from local train; gas, city
water, trvrer and electric wiring on street:
think of buying a lot in the very best part
of Fruitvale at foothill prices.
$ISSO — A new, modern cottage of 4 rooms,
fcath, pantry, china closet, hall, high base-
ment, ctationary wash trays, electric lights;
let 40x248 feet; all nicely fenced; terms easy.
H. V.\ DAVIS. Real Estate.
1214 Fruitvale aye.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK.
The terminus of 5-<-ent fare. Hay wards cars-
etwts graded and graveled: etone sidewalks ;
depot on tract; lots from 150 to $200; $20 cash
and baiance $10 p«r month: 15 blocks to local
train, best located property on San Leaniro
read: srradrd school on tract. Apply to S. S
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third aye.. Oakland.
KIU.ITVALE HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
FREMONT aye.. 1417. Fruitvale — 3 or 4 fln*
.'icvjsrkefrpini? room*; cas and large grounds.
UAKLAM) AJ)VKKTS-.Ut>
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
Lot BOxl^' 1 on Thirty-eighth st.. near Mar-
Lot 60x122. Grove st.. near Fortieth, 25 feet
on Pan Pablo aye., $125 per foot.
Over an acre on corner between Claremont
aye. and Country Club, $2500.
Beautiful lots near car*' and on San Leandro
road, at Fitchburg and Elmhurst, at $130 up
Also large tracts for subdivision at $COO Dei-
acre. Tracts on the boulevard at $1000 i>er
acre.
Flats in choice locations, with good Incomes
at a bargain.
A beautiful summer resort and mineral
springs for rent to desirable party; very cheap-
easy reach of San Francisco. " '•*?%\u25a0'
CHAPIN & BOOTH,
CO San Pablo aye., Oakland.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO , "~
Real Estate, 1016 Broadway.
Rooms 203-210 TTnion Trust bldg.,
Oakland. San Francisco.
ATTENTION.
Reduced from $4500 to $3750; modern 2~story
7-room house on Linden et.. between 14th and
16th; in good condition; rented to a steady
tenant, who takes excellent care of the prop-
erty. J .:-; • jfo. 60
$2000 for 2 cottage* of 5 rooms each; in good
location; one-half block from car line-
near local station. Xo 245*
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO. '
INVESTMENT PROPERTT. ~"
$5000 — Two flats. « room* each; elegantly fln-
iShed; gas and electricity, lawn and yard; rents
$.25 each: near S. P. R. R. station and on
«lectnc car line. Thle ia sood lor 10 per cent
set oa the Investment.
W. 8. HARIOW A CO.,
000 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND APVERT ? S'M'TS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .._
~~—-—*" \u25a0\u25a0—•"\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 -- -\u25a0' .^g~~— ;
TAYLOR" BROS & CO. .
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents.
Telephone Oakland 050 "^- ," *
123G Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
COTTAGE INVESTMENT.
$I.6oo— Good 4-ioom cottage with bathroom;
brand new, latest plumbing, full 7-ioot
basement, street work finished; one
lilock nxm station .on the 40th-st. Key
Route; steady tenant, paying $180 ' per
annum.
LINDA VISTA HOME.
$3,650 Very cozy, 2-story. U-room residence,
with 4 bedrooms: situate on a nice
northeast corner in Linda Vista; owner
forced to sell, ar-d we have a limited
lime orly at this price.
MAGNIFICENT NEW HOME.
$s,soo— Just being completed; German-Gothic
design, b large rooms; specially designed
so as to get an unobstructed view and
rull ray of sunlight In every hour in the
day; there i« also a fine billiard-room,
paneled, with open fireplace ; this la
situated on a northwest corner, high
up above the street and beautifully ter-
raced down to a eolld cement bulkhead;
the surroundings are of the very finest
of residences and fronts to both public
and. private park: it Is only 6 -minutes
to 12th and Broadway, Oakland, over 2
separate car lines, and only 40 minutes
to San Francisco, with only one change,
via the Key Route or Narrow Gauge
lines. We invite an inspection of this
building. 89 purchaser would be at- lib-
erty to make suggestions as to the col-
ors to be used in Interior finish.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$1(4000 — Four email stores, bringing excellent
income; let 50x110 feet; prominent
street, between Broadway and Wash-
ington.
$16,500 — Northwest corner on main business
thoroughfare; lot 62x105 feet; only 5
minutes to 14th and Broadway: fairly
v.'e!| improved; eround alone is worth
$350 per front foot.
$75,000 — Fine buslne*e block on Pan Pablo aye.;
excellent Improvements; this is a snap.
TAYLOR BROS & CO.
1236 Broadway Oakland, Cal.
BEE- THE POINT?
Just far enouzh away to avoid the noise
of the city. (
YET
But a few moments' ride or walk to Broadway
and Fourteenth street to
HIGHLAND SUBDIVISION
— of—
ADAMS POINT.
Grand View— High Elc-vatlon— Perfect Eleva-
tion — Fine Transportation to OaklanU,
Berkeley and San Francisco. Call
or write for booklets, etc.
J. H. MACDONALD £ CO.
1052 Broadway.
SEE THE POINT?
SAN FRANCISCO FAMILIES.
AT HOME FOR CHRISTMAS.
IN BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE HOMES.
IN THE SANTA FTS TRACTS.
ON THJJ KEY ROUTE.
30 MINUTES rftOM SAN FRANCISCO.
Many San Francisco families are now living
here, but there is room for more. We build
artistic oxtages, bungalows and houses on 40-
foot lots on very easy terms; like paying rent.
Go AKY PLEASANT DAY by the Key Route
ferry, taking the Berkeley train at the mole.
Get off at South Berkeley station. Go to our
bmnch office, 150 feet south of where the
train stops, and we will show you these homes.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT
10C0 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
STERNBERG & LINDBERG,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THESE?
A brand new, 6-room, 2-story, colonial man-
sion for $2700; paneled dining-room, beam ceil-
ing; positively the most wonderful value ever
offered in a new home; swell location; sunny;
ne^r Key route and cars; investigate; It will
be worth your while. V> \u25a0:\u25a0
$1350 — Close to Telegraph aye. and crosstown
Key Route trains; new cottage. 4 rooms,
bath, etc.; 40-foot frontage; barn, etc.;
terms.
163
$1800^ — Neat cottage home, 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
close to Telegraph aye. and Fifty-fifth st.
Key Route; 2 fine lots, 50x100 and 25x100;
fruit trees, etc.; terms.
We have a lot, 40x135. on Sixty-third, near
Grove, only one-half block from Key Route and
S. P. stations at South Berkeley, which you
can have for ?SkjO if you take it quick; you
can't touch anything near it for $1050; owner
going East.
STERNBERG & LINDBERG,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$0000— Superb residence site; lot 100x152, on
crown of Blackstone Heights, one block from
Telegraph aye.; choice surroundings; grand
view; will subdivide.
$2G50 — An extra choice lot in Adams Point
Tract. 53x150; cheaper than list price, as owner
can't utilize.
$lu75 — Fine lot for home or flats on Eighth
st. near : tat ion; 37:6x156.
$1150— Beautiful building site; 40x132, on
Vernon st.. Vernon Heights; grand view; high
terrace.
$2250— G00d speculation; lot 50x12D. on 22d
st., where new Key-route train is going, near
San Pablo aye.
$450 will buy 25x100 on Twenty-eighth St.,
near San Pablo aye.
$1250 — A lifetime chance; a northwest 35-ft.
corner lot; on crown of hill; Vernon Heights;
superb view; 1 block to cars; near Senator Per-
kins' mansion: 37:6 or 40 ft. at same rate; grab
It quick. BELDEN. Real Estate, 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland.
F. F. PORTER,
Real Estate,
466. Eighth st. Oakland.
$1400.
4-room cottage, bath; lot 25x184; new; street
work paid for aad being done.
$2250.
S-room cottage; near Piedmont aye. station
of Key Route: email amount cash, balance
$16 25 per month.
$6000.
10- room house, on 14th st. ; lot fiOxlOO; be-
tween Market and Broadway; a fine property.
$31,000.
Cheapest business block in Oakland; on
Broadway; businees center; pays 8 per cent
F. F. PORTER,
466 EIGHTH ST.. Oakland.
I MUST HAVE THE
MONEY THIS WEEK.
YOU MIGHT AS V/ELL
BENEFIT BY MY NECESSITY.
I win sell, for considerably less than any
of the adjacent lots can be bought for, one
of
THE MOST DESIRABLE LOTS
IN THE ALTA PIK4SMONT TRACT.
OWNER GOING EAST.
All street work, sidewalks, sewers.
Water and gas mains complete; electric car
service: magnificent view.
FACES TWO BROAD AVENUES.
Restricted building values Insure elegant
home surroundings.
You can clear $300 on this property.
IT IS GOING AT A SACRIFICE and IT IS
A SNAP.
Make me an offer to-day.
W. S. WHITE, 26 Montgomery st., r. ft.
From $100. Any
Amount, Any Propo-
sition en Realty.
DU RAY SMITH,
426 Tenth 5t.... TeL Oakland 4370.
TO lease or will cell very cheap — A manufac-
turing building: two story brick on Oakland
harbor; on 8. P.; also on new W. P. roads-
superior shipping; two trunk line roads and
water: 35 minutes from S. F. Address L
E. WILSON. 2438 Haste St.. Berkeley. Call
$3000 — FURNISHED 5- room modern cottage-
lot 50x120; 25th at., near Telegraph ay*.
Call at 803 Franklin at.. Oakland.
THE SAN [FRANCISCO CALL, -..SUNDAY, DECEMBER 124, 1905.
OAKLAND AD VERT'S^TS
_ OAKL AJf P REAL ESTATE. _ '_ j __
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 6TH ST., OAKLAND.
$100,000 — Fine 3-Etory central business corner;
100x100; in the heart of activity: com-
paratlye sales -values will demonstrate
this to be a bargain. :
$10,000— Eleven dwellings; corner, 150x100;
income $1200 per annum; very, close In;
near factory center; bound to Increase.
$11,500 — Three fine modern flats,- 6 and 7
rooms each; in business center; Income
$1260 per annum ; a bargain.
Broadway corner, 122 feet frontage; near new
22d-st Key Route terminal; below mar-
' ket price.
Fine Franklln-st. lot, 100x150; very close in;
splendid apartment-house site; will
rapidly advance in value.
$10,000 — Three modern residences, 8 rooms
each; corner, 100x110; choice location;
opp. public park; $6500 bank loan; offer
considered.
Factory site; corner, 100x150; close in; near
water front and railroad; present im-
provements pay 4 per cent net.
$9,000^ — Fifty feet frontage; near business cen-
ter; plain improvements; pays bank of
Interest net; will subdivide.
$10 ft.— Key Route subdivision buy; 282 ft.
frontage; cottages are in demand here;
terms arranged; a bargain.
$6,9 C0 — Fine modern colonial, 8 rooms; up to
date; 43x110; right in town; fine loca-
tion for professional man.
$6,000 — Brand new colonial, 9 rooms; artistio
design; choicest location; .70 ft. cor-
ner; easy walk to business center.
$4,500 — Fine residence, 8 -rooms, bath; 42x160;
north side: $2500 flat loan can remain;
splendid location in Linda Vista.
$2,000 — Modern cottage, S rooms, bath; base-
ment; 33x120; near 23d aye. and E.
lUth at.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
480-462 STH BT., OAKLAND.
_znzzi
H. Z. JONES. 458 NINTH ST.
$300 cash, $9 monthly; % acre land, with
new brick well; fenced; cottage, 4 large rooms;
basement: concrete foundation; city water;
price $1375.
$200 cash, $8 monthly: cottage, 6 rooms and
basement; lot 75x100; city water; fenced; fine
soil; barn, etc.; price $1200; adjoining East
Oakland. Sco H. Z. JONES, owner, 458 Ninth
st., near Broadway, Oakland.
BEST BABGAIN IN OAKLAND.
For ft few days only, improved property be-
tween Clay Bnd Jefferson sts.. 80 feet front on
12th and same on 13th; income about $200 a
month and in range of business growth; price
only $250 a foot.
BELL & CAMPBELL.
1223 BROADWAY.
SOLE AGENTS.
LOT. 30xlC0; choice location on Bth st.; must
be sold; offer wanted. A. J. TAIT. 1520
Seventh St., Center station. Oakland;
OAKLAXP HOUSES TO LET.
BEKINS VAN AND STORAGE Cp- general
movers — We have the best warehouse in the
West (only covered vans used). DON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER, 1016 Broadway,
Oakland: phone Main 907.
OAKLAND FURNIT*URB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
H. Scbellbaas, 11th St., cor. store, Oakland.
San Francisco Advert Vents
CHURCH SERVICES.
TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough sts.^ — Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett, D.D., rector. Holy
communion 7:30 a. m.; Sunday school tf:3o
•a. m. ; morning service, 11 o'clock; evening
service, b o'clock. The rector will preach at
both services. Christmas day, first com-
munion 7 a. m. ; second communion 9 a. m. ;
morning service and holy communion 11.
GRACE Church, California st., corner of Stock-
ton — Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Cele-
bration of holy communion S a. m. ; morn-
ing service 11 o'clock: "Benedicte in C"
(Warren); "Benedlctus In C" (Mosart) ; of-
fertory motet, "Immanuel" (Thayer). Sun-
day school carol Eervlce 7:45 p. m. Organ-
ist and choirmaster, William H. Holt.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Fillmore sts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D.D.. pastor. The morning Bervlce at 11
o'clock will be conducted by the Sabbath
school, assisted by the choir and orchestra.
Dr. Hemphilli. will extend Christmas greet-
ings. In the evening at 7:30 o'clock there
will be a special musical service with brief
Christmas address by the pastor. Sabbath
school at 8:30 a. m. ; Christian Endeavor
meeting Wednesday evening at 6:15 o'clock;
prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 8
o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness aye.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. W. K. Guthrle,
paster. Christmas services will be held at
11 a. m. and 7:30 d. m. The pastor will
preach at both services. The choir will
furnish special Christmas music morning
and evening, assisted by Mrs. L. C. Mul-
gard, harp, and Miss Bessie Fuhrer, vio-
lin. Bible school at 12:30 p. m.; Christmas
exercises, with stereopticon views illustra-
tive of the first Christmas, will be given;
Christian Endeavor 6:15 p, m.; Wednesday
8 p. m., midweek service. All are cordially
invited. "
CALIFORNIA-ST. Methodist Church, corner
California and Broderick sts. — Special pro-
gramme of Christmas music by the choir
under direction of Prof. P. A. R. Dow and
eermon by the pastor. Rev. George A. Hough,
at the morning service to-day; in, the even-
ing a special Christmas concert by the Sun-
day school. Strangers cordially Invited.
FIRST Congregation] Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Christmas services morning and
evening. Special music by the choir, Sam-
uel D. Mayer, organist and director. At
11 a. m. the pastor will preach; topic, "Fear
Not." St. Luke ii:10-ll. At 7:45 p. m.,
Christmas service of song; address by the
pastor; topic, "The Sons of Mary," St. Luke
1:46-55. All are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Poet st.,
bet. Buchanan and Webster sts. — Rev. I. C.
Meserve, D. D.. pastor. Christmas services
sit 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. The choir will
render appropriate music and will be assisted
by a chorus in the morning and by D. Abe-
caseis, violinist, in the evening. Sunday
school at 9:30 a. m. Christian Endeavor
meeting at 6:45 p. ra.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tteth and Capp sts. (Take Mission, Valencia
or Howard st. car). — C. Calvert Smoot, min-
ister; residence 8470 Twentieth Gt. Sunday
school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Subject of sermon. "A Christmas
Message." 'No evening service. Choir un-
der the direction of Mrs. H. E. "Franck. All
cordially invited.
FIRST Baptist Church, 320 Eddy St.— Rev.
Georege C. . Burlingame, D.D., of Covanent
Church. Chicago, will preach at It a. m.
and 7:80 p. m.; Bible 6Chool at 12:30; A.
A. Macurda musical director all services;
C. E. societies meet 6:30 p. m.; midweek
prayer service 7:45 p. m. Wednesday. All
are invited. Seats free. \u25a0 ',
CHRISTIAN Science services — First Church of
Christ, Scientist, Centra] block, 223 Sutter
St.. bet. Kearny and Grant aye. Services, 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m.; subject" of lesson ser-
n;on, "God." Sunday school for children,
11 a. m. Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock. Free reading-rooms. 206 Kearny
61.._ rooms 600-SlO. All are welcome.
CHURCH of the New Thought— Rev. I Henry"
Victor Morgan, minister. Res. 902 Oak st.
Services in Covenant Hall, . Odd Fellows'
bldg., every Sunday night. This evening
a special New Thought Christmas sermon
will be delivered) from the text, "Let this
mind be in you that was also in Christ
Jesus." Morning service at 11 o'clock in
minister's residence. , .
THE People's Church meets ' Sunday evening
8 o'clock at Red Men's bldg., 220 Golden Gate
aye. Pastor.' Mrs. "Anna'L. Gillespie. Sub-
ject. "'The Star and the Sword.". Special
messages; solo. Mr. Volkman. .
AT the Young Men's Christian Association.
Mason ana Ellis sts.. a meeting will be held
this (Sunday) afternoon at 8 o'clock for men
only. Mrs. Edith L. Peake, a converted ac-
tress, will deliver - "A . Message . to" Men."
There will be special music by the Robson
Orchestra and a eolo by Mrs. Loda F. Hays.
The meeting will be free to men.
• SIEETITVOS— Unlfmal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood 'and Theoeijphical
Society (Katherine Tingley, leader . and offi-
cial head), San Francisco center, 912 1 Bush
st. ; free public meeting every Sunday, 8
p. m. The \u25a0 above organization has : no i con-
nection with. any other so-called Theosophlcal
\bodies In the city. . : ..
MEETIXGS— THBOSOPHICAL.
THE Theosophical \ - Society, ; Academy of
Sciences Hall— Public lecture B' p. m. by
Thomas Prime. ' Subject, . "The Uns«en
World." -' ' \u25a0—--•-•- \u25a0 ' '\u25a0 ''\u25a0 \u25a0- \u25a0'- • •-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:. :
"THE Growth of the Soul," by Mrs.; Shaw, at
Ooldcn Gate Branca, I. O. O. F. building,
Bp. «. ;
MEETIXGS— SUNDAY.
MME. YOUNG'S marvelous spirit messages
to-night and Mrs Seal's. Xmas services at
975 McAllister, 10c; readings dally, .1269 Me
Allteter Bt. ; Come skeptics. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 .
JOHN WILSON and C. Lottringer will hold
spiritual meeting 2 and 8 o'clock, A. O. F.
bldg., 102 O'Farrell st. . '"' '\u25a0\u25a0'
I. T. B. Spiritual Church, Scottish Hall. 8 p.
m.; Maxwell, Wrenn, Sill. Cook, Franks,
Coakley,
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bu«. medium and
life reader. 120 C Market, r. 10, Gait House.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's Christmas test circle
to-night; also Mon. eve.; 10c. 143 Sixth Bt.
MRS. \u25a0 HOVET— Convincing message* to-night;
circle Tues.-Fri. 8 p. m. 12 Oak st., Ist floor.
FREE hypnotlo lecture v and exhlb. 8 p. m.
mind over, matter. 1.0.0. F. Hall, 7th-Mkt.
MRS. L. H. SILL will hold spiritual meetings
aflO49A Market at; 10c. : ; ;'" ":
SUNDAY LECTURES.
HENRY. HARRISON BROWN will lecture
upon "The New Thoughter's Happy New
Year," ,in Odd Fellows' building, Sunday
evening, December 31. \u25a0
SCIENCE of Being lecture by Sarah J. Wat-
kins. Subject. "What Think Ye of the
Christ?" 1120 Sutter. near Polk, to-night
PHILOSOPHICAL Society— Dr. J. L. York, on
"Christian Science," Scandia Hall, 161 City
Hall aye., 8 p. m. Voluntary collection. \u25a0
FREE Thought Association, 161' City Hall aye.,
2 p. m. ; strangers welcome. "Would So-
clallsm Abolish the Home?" >\u25a0 '
FRBB Hypnotic lecture and exhibition 3 p. m.
of mind over matter. I. O. O. F. Hall, 7th
and Market
MISS SPEYER will resume lectures, Golden
Gate Hall. Sunday. January 7, 8 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
OFFICEI'S and members
of Golden Gat* Camp No. '_
sp^ctfully requested to C^^J^E^^^S
attend the funeral of our fefJfif-^ saMMaSO^
late neighbor JAMES E. Km <
ROCHE, who was a member of the degree
team, from the undertaking parlors of James
McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy st, at 9 a. m.,
SUNDAY December 24. Also the funeral
of our late neighbor, B. J. TRYON. from the
undertaking parlors of Martin & Co., 819
O'Farrell st. at 2 p. m.
GEO. A. SCHADE, Consul Commander.
J. WISNOM. Clerk. ' ' -
JESSIE MACLACHLAN, the Scot- -,£<fe
tlsh prlma donna, assisted by v2ww
John McLinden, tha eminent 'cello %jsw*(«C
virtuoso, and Robert Buchanan,
solo pianist and conductor, under -jMT
the auspices of Clan Fraser No. "^ 3
78, O. S. C, Native Sonß* Hall, 414 Mason
st., evenings of TUESDAY, December 26, and
THURSDAY, December 28. Change of pro-
gramme Thursday night Admission BOc, re-
served seats $1. , COMMITTEE., »
A NICHT in Auld Scotland— The S. ,v V? it,
F. Scotch Thistle Club will hold \BM>2
their 24th annual hogmanay supper '"SSaWfc^
and ball SATURDAY EVENING.
Dec. 30, at Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy st. A gala
time to all. Grand march, 8:30 p. m.; sup-
per. 10:45 p. m.; admission $1 BO each. Hat
and. cloak room for guests.
GEO. W. PATERSON 1 , Royal Chief.,
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Wells. Fargo Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco, Cal., will be held at its banking-
house. 301 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cal.. on TUESDAY, January 9, 1906, at 3:15
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and for the trans-
action - of ' such other business as may come
before the meeting. -
F. L. LIPMAN. Secretary.
ATrORyEYS-AT-LAW.
DIVORCE; costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice free;
no fee in advance; no charge unless success-
ful; open evnge; wills, deeds, leases, bills of
eale and articles of copartnership; corpora-
tions! organized; bankruptcy: collections; pro-
batlng of estates. 927 Market, r. 301.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor entrance room 611; established 20
years; all courts, general courts and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion ; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
ADVICE free; legal divorce costs $12; all law
cases bandied; no fee in advance; open Sat-
urday evenings; other evenings by appoint-
ment; call and save money. 819 Mkt, r. 33.
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. Ag., r. 85, 916
Market, opp. Emporium; tel. Montgy. 1310;
legal matters and collections; old established.
M. L. RYAN, Attyiat-Law 1148 Market, opp.
Hales'; courts; advice; collections; open evgs.
L. 8. CLARK, 027 Market room 802. consulta-
tion free; no fee in advance. : Open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DETECTIVES.
ALL kinds of cases handled; business strictly
confidential ; charges reasonable. -
604 Montgomery st, room 204.
ADOPTION.
WANTED — Baby from birth; Ideal home. Dr.
Funke'a Maternity Villa, 1416 Bth, Oakland.
ASTROLOGY. '
, i 1 1 \u25a0 M r -
ASTOR, FAMOUS N. Y. astrologer; man of
ability; advice;, lessons; consultation $1. 'S3
Mason Bt.
ACCOUNTANTS.
ACCOUNTANT'S services, $10 and upward per
month; includes keeping your books; examin-
ations and financial statements made; private
lnetruc. bookkeeping, etc. 809 Market, ma. 63.
AUTOMOBILES. /
2 AUTOMOBILES; want to exchange, or for
valuable patents; $3000 in cash; in England
and Canada, which could be sold to doctors,
hospitals, specialists, and smaller one to al-
most every family in the country. Box 2757,
Call office.
FOR sale— 2o-22 horsepower, 4-cyllnder, '04
model, beet American car, good order, at bar-
gain; have ordered new car of greater power
is only reason for selling. N.- F. Pressey
Auto Livery, cor. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
1806 MODEL Compounds arrived; prize-win-
ner in 700-mile economy test; demonstrations
day, night S. F. Auto Co.. Inc.. 416 Ninth.
FOR sale — A fine steam automobile Model '04;
fine running order. Box 2662, Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for sale, $600; good run-
ning order. Box 2762, Call office.
ADVERTISING.
JEAN CASSINA, ad writing, catalogues. • cir-
culars, programmes, cards. Room 2S.Au-
lerala building.
BOAnPING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for child over 4 years; mother's
care; room for parent 22 . Ash ' aye.
LADY wants' child to board; teach German;
sunny home;' garden; by a park. 1138 Turk.
w^ ww - ° USIT ! ES . S CnAJrCE ? < - . '-: "' ' '
$1200 — SALOON in tenderloin; a money-
maker; will bear investigation. , -
$2000 — Restaurant; centrally located; rent
$65; receipts $45 dally. *
$1400— Good paying bakery in Al location:
sales $35 per day; rent $50 per month, with 5
living rooms. ,
$10,000 — Have good butter and egg proposi-
tion ; want a man as partner with above
amount.
$25CO — French I laundry, with all tools, ma-
chinery, horse, harness and wagon; also 6 liv-
ing rooms upstairs, all furnished; rent $45. «
$30(K> — Factory and art store:' picture frames,
station-cry, artists' : materials, i etc. ; stock will
invoice' price asked; old established;, and a
money-maker. ~ . :\u25a0 •\u25a0
$4000 — Sawmill, 60 hp. . boiler and > engine,
with complete equipments; will sell half in-
terest ; ". . .
Do .you want a business of any kind? If so,
drop us a line,' or, better still, call on us and
let us show you what we have.
Have you anything to sell in California? If
so, we would ask you to give us a trial.
- CALIFORNIA BUYERS* UNION,
1201-53-55 James Flood . bid*.,
San Francisco. "
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY, B
419-420 Grant building. >. Phone ; South- 1070.
- - .--.- Seventh - and •> Market - sts.
GET FREE- LISTS.
BEST, MOST RELIABLE.
Manufacturing— Rare -.chance for capable,
pushing business men; safe and profitable in-
vestments, with services.- ; . .
i Manufacturers' agent wants partner; desir-
able lines. :; » ,--.-, \u25a0 .-.-,\u25a0;
\u25a0 ;Rare saloon bargains on Fourth, Third, Mc-
Allister and other, good streets. ..-.
Mark«t-st. cigar stand - snap: others! -on
Fourth and Sixth, \u25a0 etc. : should see. them.
From $300 to $1600 — Confections and notions.
All parts city — Restaurants and' dedicates-
YOUR CAPITAL FITTED FROM OUR LISTS.
OPEN SUNDAY > AND CHRISTMAS UNTIL
\u25a0--•. ,'\u25a0\u25a0 NOON.-.' -.. \u25a0/ ......
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY, <1
419-420 Grant, building.; .Phone South 1070.
WANTEDt— To invest ; in ', good. ". legitimate bust-
\u25a0 ness "proposition from; $1000 to ; $2000." "Ad-
dress-box 2780. 'Coll Office; . <* v*?;;^;
WANTED— A I stationery j store with ' cigars and
'; tobacco attached); in a good location. Send
• particulars to box 1607, Call offlc*. •
nusiJfESS CHANCES^— Contlnqed.
A— $1800; RESTAURANT and chophouse. near
Kearny and Montgomery; rent $75; monthly
sales $1000; cause of sale, owner to retire.
Particulars R. G. WrLRiJ. 26# Kearny st.
A— ssoo; HALF Intereet in coffee and tea store;
choicest location In the Mission; rent $22 50;
owner engaged in other enterprise only cause
of disposing. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny «t. - -. ' '
A— ssso; RESTAURANT; established many
years; clears $160 per month; rent $25: lo-
cation the very best: owner wishes to go to
Europe cause of eale. R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny st.
A— s4so; WOOD and coal yard, south of Mar-
ket; rent $20: lease; 2 horses. 2 wagons;
death In family only cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. 26 & Kearny st. - /
A— s9so; SALOON on water front, opp. ferry
building; net rent $60. Call R. G. WILKE,
26& Kearny st. ' . "'
A— sl4oo; OYSTER and chop house close to
Market and Fourth sts.; rent $50; dally re-
cepts, $40; well established; good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2tf^ Kearny st. '
A— s2oo; CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel; rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. '
A— sl6,ooo; . CORNER saloon on Market St..
close to First; lease; one of the best placet
in this city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st.
A— s26oo; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow: wants to go
to Germany. R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
FOR SALE AT SACRIFICE.
Fine Ctear Store.
Right In heart of Oakland. Thousands of
people passing to and fro dally. Next to
8. P; ticket office on Seventh St., near Broad-
way. This is your opportunity to etep Into
a well paying business and a good income.
For full particulars call or address
BAY CITIES REALTY CO.,
477 Eleventh st. Oakland.
BOOKS, stationery, notions, cigars, etc.; clean
stock, 3 nicely furnished rooms; cheap rent;
make offer. Pacific Business Assn., 3 Taylor.
AA — MONEY-MAKER; do you want it? Belt
manufacturing proposition In the State to-
day; come see; Al article, entirely new, will
stand close Investigation; easily- made; sells
on sight; big profits; quick returns of invest-
ment; exceptionally fine opportunity; write
or call and be convinced; don't delay. W. C.
CLARKE. 2261 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
WANTED — A partner with small amount of
capital in a legitimate business proposition
with no chances to take but net large profits
on investment; this Is not a get- rich quick
scheme, but a clean, respectable business;
. will etand investigation. Particulars of box
8459, Call office.
FOR SALE^ — A nicely located hotel on one of
the best business streets in San Francisco;
w«ir patronized; paying good profits; brick
building- fireproof; price $5000; small mort-
gage; If you are a hotel-keeper' you can
make this place pay big. Address box 2761,
Call office.
FOR SALE — In Central California, a general
merchandise store with 10 acres in orchard,
five-room house, horses, cows, wagons, farm-
ing and gardening utensils, windmill and
tankhouse; is ' nearly new and well built;
price $6500. Box 3407. Call office.
FOR SALE — In good country town in Marin
County, general merchandise store, including
tinware, wtllowware. crockeryware and glass-
ware; will sell at invoice; rent $27 50 per
month. Further particulars of box 2680,
Call office. \u25a0 .
TRIAL given before buying in light profitable
business; small capital required; a man will-
ing to take hold and make himself useful Is
needed; must be satisfied with $25 to $35 a
week. Call to-day, 759 Market st., room 11.
FOR sale — A fine, up-to-date pool, billiard and
bowling parlor; located in center of town;
must sell on account of sickness. Address
H. B. WHITE. P. O. box 102. Gilroy.
YOUNG lady with large acquaintance In city
to Join me in business enterprise; no money
' or experience necessary; no canvassing.
Room 518, Grant bldg., 1095 Market Bt.
HAVE had experience In real estate business
and desire a partner to open place of busi-
ness; one with experience: a good rustler;
If interested address box 2763. Call office.
FOR sale— On account of sickness, a delica-
tessen store in good location; four years'
Jeaee at $30 per month; four living rooms;
will 6ell reasonable. Box 2779. Call office.
WANTED — To purchase a stock of general
merchandise in Fresno or Ventura county;
no limit to size of stock; give full particu-
lars. Box 340&. Call office. |^__
WANTED — To connect myself with come per-
son In the produce and commission business
In San Francisco. Address with experience,
box 3408, Call office. ;
FRUIT store at great sacrifice; doing good
business; 8 living rooms In connection; good
. location; splendid opportunity for man and
. ; wife. Call at 151 Ninth st.
$500 AND services for controlling interest in
established legitimate business; duties agree-
able; hours \Bhort; profits guaranteed. Box
6231. Call office.
TO lnveatore — A good place to open grocery
buslneen with bar desired. Full particulars.
box 2980, Call office. *_
RESTAURANT for eale in Berkeley; near
railroad: good patronage; doing fine business.
Box 2902, Call office.
CORNER saloon on Folsom st., close in: good
location: central: low prlqe. Particulars of
box 1689. Call office.
MAN to drive laundry wagon; $65 per month
or commission; $400 required. 3372 Mission.
$126 — A SNAP; good paying delicatessen store
for sale: 2 living rms.; rent $15. 1342 Larkin.
GOOD opportunity for wagon and . carriage
smith to do business. 300 Gough st. \u25a0
FOR SALE: — The whole or half Interest in a
Job printing establishment. Box 2678. Call.
WANTED — To buy a saloon; state location.
Box 2661. Call office.
CANDY and Ice cream parlors for sale; cen-
tral location. Box 2978. Call office. ..*;-;?,!-
A GOOD paying busine«s for sale. Address
box 4%1. Healdsburg. Cal.
NEAT chophouse, close to big car barn, for
sale; rent $20. Inquire 1223 Fillmore st.
NEW grocery and delicacy; no opposition; good
' trade; nice rooms; a bargain. 1022 Mission.
$2500— BAZAAR, 'stationery and furnishing
Roods store; best location in oity; full value
in stock and fixtures; established 17 years;
doing good business; long lease; low rent
Box 2791. Call.
ONE of the very best modern apartment houses;
new, grand location, long lease, large house;
thle is an opportunity that seldom offers; see
and be convinced: no agents; no commission.
Box 2784. Call office.
BLUE book on patents and list "What to In-
vent," free to any address; patents secured
or fee returned. GEQ. 8. VASHON & CO..
.. 978 F et. Washington. D. C.
WILL sell big paying business; will not sao-
riflce.- If you are willing to pay what it is
worth write box 393, Chleo, Cal.; poor health.
WANTED — Capital to manufacture electrical
apparatus for physicians' use; splendid in-
vestment. Box 3749, Call.
FOR sale — Fine corner saloon In Wsetern Ad-
dition; on two car : lines. Apply National
. Brewery, between 12 and 2 p. m.
NEWSPAPER route for sale in Oakland; a
| good Call route In Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
$50 CAPITAL wins $12 daily; positive proof.
BLAIR, 935 Market St.. room 1. ;
A BARGAIN — Tinnlnir, plumbing and repair;
keeps 2 men busy. Box 65, Soqu'el, Cal.
FOR 6al«i — A grocery; liquor and delicatessen
store on Sixth st. $1000. 65 Sixth st.
$200— CORNER cigar store, with laundry of-
fice; rent $10. 401 Third st.
FOR SALE — Lunch counter business. ' 527
Sansorne at. Cheap. '^ \u25a0 '•
FOR sale — Saloon, $2000.- Apply Washington'
V Brewery, Fifth and Kirkham sts., Oakland.
GOOD Call rout* for sale. Apply at Call
office. \u25a0 - - \u25a0-. - .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. ODen until 11 n. m. -.-.:-.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN,
070 Market st, room 801. eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LIST.
FISHER. & CO. ..Phone Main 3334
\u25a0 '. ., Room 438 James Flood building.
'. Furnished ; rooming-houses, hotels and . fiats.
LODGING house .' for eale .on ' Ellis - st. ;. close
In; 25 rooms; price . reasonable. ' Box \u25a0 2773
\u25a0 Call office. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
»£? LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— A lodging bouse about 25 or 30
rooms; will pay part -wsh, balance In Install-
ments."' Box 2963. Call. office, r J
\u25a0 BOOKKEEPING.
LET us keep your books ; nothing too large,
nothing too small; we make a specialty of
keeping small -sets of books.
• - THE FAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO.,
;- T«L Uoat«omery 13U. «> 080 Market at.
_ ,',,,-r-
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL- COM^ A .?, -
Perfect, painless dentistry at lowest prlc*»-
Fudd eet of teeth. $2; silver fillings. 2^:. S ««
fillings. $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work. ».».
1104 Market st.. corner Turk.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break ;
• warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; filling*. V*-,
platee. $5; full Bet; all work painJeM*, 11 ' 1
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 HUtn.
DR. LUDLUM HILL.4«3 Market, near Hth--
No charge for extracting when platra ar«
made: old plates made over like new; teem
from $3 per set; extracting 50c: gaa» given.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission. cor.Btn.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2. no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lom Gr»°* ay.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $t P«r y« ar -
CWm^l OYAXTS;;
DE^TkANCB CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING $1.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to call you by name m
full, names of your friends, enemies or rival* . i
promise to tell you whether your husband, wire
or sweetheart is true or false; tell you how to
gain the love of the one you most desire, even
though miles away; how to succeed ln . bus "*f"i
speculation lawsuits; how to marry tha i one or
your choice; how to regain youth, health and
vitality: removes evil influences, cures arm*
habit, locates treasures, cures nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose.
How soon can I marry?
How can I make any one love me 7
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences!
How can I control any., one?
How can I hold my husband's- love?
How can I keep my wife's love? _^,_
HOUR3.IO TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLJ.3 ST.. NEAR JONES.
Permanently located in his own home.
PROF. NIBLO.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
Clairvoyant crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; MU» WlUe guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading: reveal*
the past; gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affaire,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading. $1; hours
10-3 p. m.; French. German. English spoken.
IS THB EGYPTIAN~CLAniVOYAN'T AND
PALMIST.
Permanently located at 1104 Market rt-.
rooms 9 and 10, cor. Turk (Vendome): pri-
vate readings dally. 10 a. m. to » P- m.;
3 questions answered. $1: full lire. *o.
WONDERFUL.
TRIAL READING.
The only dead trance medium In the w o rl °-
His startling revelations the wonder of all.
Past, present, future told correctly. Send own
writing, with birth date. dime, envelope. P«t» .
GEORGE HALL. St. Louis. Mo.. Drawer 1343.
LINCOLN. f
Clairvoyant and psychic; the oldest and best
known clairvoyant In San FTandsoo. Re-
opened at The Heath, 312 Eddy st. Hour* 10
to 6. Readings by mall. $2.
READ on page 28 of the interview of ISMAR.
the Gypsy, by Ralph J. Hammond.
MME KRONENBERG. clairvoyant, card read-
\u25a0 er "palmist: when others fall try me: good
reading 25c: no sign. 102"4 6th. nr. Mission.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.,
has second eight: a wonderful prophetess;
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 1035 Fillmore. nr. McAllister.
Mlsa Melbourne, clairvoyant, palmist, mystic
card reader: guarantees satisfac. 1228 Markt.
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a pea
picture of your life. H. HILL. 120 Butter st.
MRS. SHAFFER, permanently located at 558
Stevenson a!.; hours 9 to 9: open Sundays.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c.
gents 50c. 545 Minna st.: tel. Folsom 3597.
~~ SPIRITUALISM.
READ on page 23 of the Interview of ISMAR,
the Gypsy, by Ralph J. Hammond.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 120fl Market, r. 10. Gait House.
A— GRAND seance to-night; testa to all; read-
inga dally. Lela. "the wonder." 326 A Ellis.
MRS. LESTER'S circles 8 p. m., except Thura.
10c; read, dally; mines a specialty. 95 sixth.
CASSINO. wonderful gifted healing medium,
cures hopeless cases quickly. 110 6th St.. r. 6.
MME. LUCRETIA— CircIes every evening, 10c.
US Sixth et., room 1; hours 10 to 5.
MRS CRINDLE'S materializing seance Sunday
eve.. 328 Ellis St.; spirit photos dally.
MRS E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual adviser, haa
no equal In city. 110 Sixth St.. room 8.
~ PALMISTRY. '
READ on page 28 of the interview of ISMAB.
the Gypsy, by Ralph J. Hammond.
HYPNOTISM.
NERVOUS, mental ills, habits cured: no drugs.
DE LAUFF, magneUst. 773 Eddy, near \an
Neaa.
CARPET-BEATIXG AXD CXEAyCT G.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; nrices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Company, 803 Market
st.: phone Main 152 and Buah 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work,
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MATTRESSES made over at your house; band
pick, $1 50. H. JOHNSON, upholsterer and
carpet layer, 1441 EUls st. ; phone West* 4505.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 180© Har-
rison st. : Al cleaning. 3c Phone Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth at. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel.Misslon 263.
|] la ATTiypRIES.
JAPANESE laundry and dry cleaning work.
2122 Fillmore »t.: tel. Geary 2063.
CURE FOR RUPTURE.
NO high-priced, painless ! (?) treatments to
cure Rupture: eimply wear Dr. Piercers
Truss, and It will do the workl Sold 30
years; thousands cured. Call or addreas
. ELECTRIC TRUS3 CO.. 206 Kearny at..
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 413
Montgomery it., rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 55i0.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
DRESSMAKING TAUGHT FREE! FREE!
Two weeks free to all registering this week.
We teach cutting, fitting, making and finish-
ing of street, evening and tailor-made
. dresses; enter now for good positions; special
rates in millinery department; patterns cut.
McDOWELL SCHOOL,
Donohoe bldg.. Market and Taylor.
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst pleating;
buttons and button holes made at Stewart's
Lining and Trimmings Store. 14-16 Taylor st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School j
— Eve, clasg; patterns cut. 1190 Market st.
DAY AND CONTRACT WORK.
$3 50 WILL paper any ordinary room; work
guaranteed. Box 2743. Call office.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— THE Lyceum, an excellent preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students suc-
cessfully- and we shall prepare you; day.
\u25a0 evening session: references President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A THE Osbom Conservatory of Music and
Store; 5000 pupils; Stein way Hall bldg., 223
Sutter st.. 8. F.; 1068 Broadway, Oakland:
612 S. Broadway, Los Angeles: pianos, har-
mony, vocal, stringed Instruments: also bran
Instruments free to beginners. :\
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 033 Market.
' conducted by Robert F. Gallagher, expert
" court reporter, holds world's record for short-
hand writing; successful himself, will make
you so: shorthand, typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who \u25a0 desire good position should attend
\u25a0> this -college; we'bave had 250 good places
- since March 1. San Francisco Business Col-
lege. 738 Mission st.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
. Post st.. S. F.;civil, mining, electrical, steam
- and gas engine-ring. Send for prospectus.
A— METROPOLITAN-California-Students Join-
ed. Business. Stenographic. 025 Golden Gate.
. A special class preparatory to teachers* exam-
inations or State nor. schls. 333 Phelan bldg.
, SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— Day and
-FAJRTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at.— Nlslxt ciaa»«a.-
jl CHANCE for every young man to improva "*<
A |n"lt«iullly: braiS is »«»«/= /""^JjS:
cre tt »o your salary by »? cr f as , l :^ Ss > l ?a r Aa £s-
building, NX. cor. Mason and E "£ \u25a0**• ""i
fer. exceptional facilities for a «™" in "» *_*
commercial education; if sou haw /£»' « n *
hour a day to devote to study * h «™ »
chance to help you; every branch taugtu
frcra the fifth grade to mpw"".'" '?*
unlvrmlty; buainr«» course a •P eel , a " r ;,*Kf
Ojty clasne* a« cp«n to all men; the nl*fU
claws are a Kreat convenience. RollAV.
Watt president: H. J. McCoy, general secre-
tary." b-end for descriptive catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Dirnctor of Education. Asaocla-
tlcn building. \u25a0
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mecH.. suiv
vey assay, cyanide: day. eve; e3t. 18W. \aa
dff'Nalllcn School. U3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HFALD'B BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2* Post st
E«tablishtd 18«3; largest In the West: annual
enrollment 1000: «"nd <"r circular.
DANTIXO both adult and children's classes,
now open at Hlnman'. School of Dancta*.
1412 Polk st. cr. California: phone East 2Ufr.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. njath.. *tc. day and
eve.; Individual lnatr. 305 Larkla st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
ZITHER, violin, mandolin and guitar !•«"*
50c. 52S Hickory aye.. bet Oak and Fell
sts.. near Webster.
PRIVATE leasons in telegraphy by an experi-
enced teacher; rapid success ajsured. _18
Scott st.
PIANO, vocal, violin, mandolin lessons. 2Cfl
Mulrhead bldg.. Ota and Market; reasonable.
KENT Law School: day and night. Send for
particulars. 656 Parrott building.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States 1 or Canada ono year for $1,
postaze paid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
AN UD-to-date Japanese-Chinese err.p. office;
furnishes reliable help of ail kinds promptly.
H. KIODA. 405 Post st: tel. James 601.
STAR Employment Office — Reliable Japanese
and Chinese help furnished with care. W.
KADOTA. 409 Powell »t; tel. Mala 1751.
OLDEST Japanese-Chinese Employment Office,
promptly furnishes all kinds of reliable help.
George Sakauye. 421 Post st; teL Bush 135.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YO3HY. 415 Stockton st: teL Bush 830.
AN old estab. (I860) Chinese «mp. office. C.
CHONO'3. removed to 51.S Plne;tel. Grant 15fl
H. W. HONG. 1113 A Clay st. ; Chinese employ-
ment office: beat help. TeL East 428.
Finest Japanese help: house-cleaning specialty;
Geo. R. Kunlabe. 313 Maaon; tel. James 3231.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE, Chinese help of all kinds furnlsh-
ed; houae-cleanlng. 708 Taylor; Jamra "KiH.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton. Main 6189.
E3IPLOYMKXT WAITED— FE3IALE.
A REFINED and cultured lady who has had
long experience in the care and management
of private boarding and apartment houses
i 9 seeking an engagement as manager of
coma first-class apartment-bouse; la a careful
and successful manager; references ex-
changed. For interview address MB9L A. T-,
1226 Geary st
DRESSMAKER: Eton Jackets, tailored suits. -
evening gowns and ccats; work taken home;
up-to-date designs; fits goiaranteed; satisfac-
tion given; few more engagements per.dny
or week. 336 Polk st, near McAllister, tog
flat
A MIDDLE7-AGED woman, thoroughly compe-
tent, would like position to do light home-
work and cooking; wages $13 to *«>> and car-
fare. Call or addrese 927 Washington st.
SITUATION wanted — Stenographer. 3 years*
law school work, graduate Los Angeles Busi-
aess College. wl*he» position In attorney's
office; city or country. Box 2774. Call.
A YOUNG and refined German lady, lately
from the East, desires a position as a house-
keeper, either in city cr country. Call or
address 2300 Mission st.
AN extAt lady stenographer and typlat, accu-
rate and rapid, desires either a temporary or
, permanent position. Address P. O. box 7^4,
or phcre East 2019.
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like plaea
in city where ehe could learn any kind of
work; 13 willing. 417 Jones st. ; phone East
3615.
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of housework or washing and ironing by the
.day. Address 111 Ninth St., or phone How-
ard 2536. .... » . .
A STRICTLY reliable colored girl would like
a position as lady's maid, or would do lltjht
chamberwork or housework; no washing.
Phone East 9301.
AN elderly lady would like a place In the>
country where she could assist with light
housework; small wages. Address JIRS. M.,
322 Rltch st. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman who is good cook and
thorough housekeeper would Ilka a position
In a small family of adults. Call at ;:;.:>
Minna st. v
A COMPETENT and \u25a0 willing young woman
would like work in "private houses, either
washing or cleaning. Address or call 31$
Linden aye.
A YOUNG woman of experience would like po-
sition to take cars of sick or an Invalid, by
day or week; good references. 705 Ellis st;
phone East 8313.
STENOGRAPHER with ten years' experience
desires permanent poeition as bookkeeper andi
to do stenographic work. Box 2760. CalL
LADY who Is strong and willing wishes posi-
tion to do cooking; or general housework ia %
nice family. Address 850 Market st. ra. 14.
YOUNO woman would like to do work by tho
day in private houses or rooming houses.
Addreas or call 161 Seventh «t
A FIRST-CLASS cook would lik» a position in
good American family, or will assist where
extra help is needed. Address L-, 1508 Polk.
DRESSMAKER dectres engagements by ta*
day; accustomed to the finest work; street
and evening gowns. Phone East 3653.
A GOOD Japanese girl would like position t*
do general housework In private family. Call
1916 Howard st; phone Church 2660k.
LADY who is neat and quick sewer desires
sewing by tha day. . Phone Scott 8415.
A FIRST-CLASS German-American cook de-
sires a situation. Call or address 1358 Polk.
EXPERIENCED woman wants work a few
hours a day: kitchen; boarding-house or r.o-
tel. Apply 311H Jessie st. In basement.
YOUNG woman -would like place as working
housekeeper in widower's family. Apply 4M^
Minna st.
COMPETENT, reliable woman, work by the
day. washing. Ironing and house cleaning;
$1 60 a day and . carfare, or T3o half day.
Please inquire 53 Valley at. bet. Saa Jose
aye. and Dolores »t
STRONG youns German woman wishes situa-
tion to do general housework and plain cook-
ing; can do any kind of work; sleep at home.
Call at 427 Chestnut »t
WOMAN who Is a good cook would like a
position ia a small family; has no objection
to city or country; has first-class references;
wages $23 to $30. Address 310^ Turk st
COMPETENT housekeeper who is good cook
desires place in small family; best of refer-
ences; $25 per month. Address F.. 1030
Golden Gate aye. ''^V' "-*"*"'.,:
DRESSMAKER; fita guaranteed; Eton jacker.
ccat suits, tailored work taken in: up-to-date
styles; satisfaction given; engagements per
day or week. I 336 Polk St.. near McAllister.
TRUSTWORTHY and competent woman wishes
day's work at housocleaning of all kinds or
washing. Call 413 Post st. cr phon» Mont-
gomery 1162.
WOMAN wants washing and ironing by day.
or house cleaning; take gentleman's wash-
ing home; price $1 SO and car fare. 625 Min-
na street. Phone 6536.
A YOUNO American woman would like a posi-
tion to do general housework; la good plain
cook and a willing worker. Address MRS.
PETER 3. 3A Harriet st.
A YOUNG, willing woman .would like a posi-
tion to do cooking and general housework.
Address or call 211 Twenty-seventa at, up-
stairs.
: WANTED — A position to do general house-
work In a small family, sy a competent Ger-
man girl; speaks good Engllaa. Addreas 319
Kennedy st. East Oakland.
YOUNG woman, thoroughly competent, wiahet
position to take care of sick or an Invalid;
. will work by day or week: best of references.
' Addreas 705 Ellis St.. or phona East 9513.
A COMPETENT dressmaker would like a f«w
more engagements by the day; haa beat of
city references. Call at 2000 O'Farreli st.
or phone West 2329.
A RELIABLE young gtrl wants a situation to
do cooking and house work; wages $23. Call
at 1020 Howard st.
COMPETENT stenographer and bookkeeper
wishes position. Call 827 Market st. or (
phone Mint 1534. \u25a0 /
COMPETENT first-class German cock would
like position to assist in private family by
day cr week. Call 1319 Vt Lyon st. *
YOUNG woman would like place in private
family at cleaning and housewaahlnc. j^d.-
dresj or call 313 Uaden ay*T^Jr'IiOUGHLY competent woman would like
; :-.uc.n to do cooking by the day or sweep-
.r.g _u^ clc_nirg; — — » cood references. Call
i r aaircss MRS. D. 12_5 Mission Bt
COMPJETE-TT Swedish sirl would like posi-
Addre 1 "* d ° "caeral housework and cooking.
toMI'KTKNT woman would like place aa
-ousekeepex cr will _ive good care to la-
y.id. Adi'.nss or ca.U 007 Folsom st
J-ALXDUKSS. first-class, wants work, day or
iV ay ' cr uIU d 0 housfccleaning. Addreis
0..> ivy ;:vo. nfar Buchanan and Hayes.
COLORED woman wants work by the day
-\u25a0U.nR or washlr_. AJdress lis Wood et.
•vnr ricjiy.
yy \ XK lJ^ D 7D 7~ I ' y a > t>un S German woman, work
,: J~*L dry nl wash'-ae. ironing or cleaning.
'.a.l 151 Kranklin Ft.
:• tTPATION wanted by competent Scandina-
\u25a0\u25a0an wornsn as housekeeper in email family.
*-\u25a0:- Kv.t. tali oftice.
~-CH;nq German woman wants work by the
«iiy; i : l CO nr.d car sare. MKS. KACiv. fclti
>--naycn st.
A COOD German hous*k(*ppr wishes a posi-
tion tvhfre there Is a chance to improve in
**-wlnc; <3ref»niaker preferred. liox 2504. Call.
«-OOD Japanese tirl would like place to do
\u0084 housework and cooking: has rood references.
Pleas* call S.'is Taylor st.
woman wants f^ltion to do cooking
ar.d housework. ANN OLSON. 211 27th st.
WASHING l.y reliable woman for half days.
I'lcase ngdrcss 3'JTj Harrison St.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse wishes a eit-
uancn. city; reference. Hex <541. Call.
\u25a0\W-IRK wanted by an experienced pickle pack-
»f. Box 2753. Call.
BY a flrst-c:_ss cofk: speaks French, Italian
t.r.d Sr.ar.lsh. .',07 I J ine gt.
ojiUMAN woman poes out washing by the day;
i<r*>rrn<y. CV2 Lfavenworth »t., basement
KIND, experienced nurse, with good refer-
ences. utr.ii r»ace. »07 Foisom et.
EHPLOYMEXT WASTED MALE,
, A RELIABLE, energetic your.g married man
. . wishes a i>os:tlon with large wholesale cr
retail firm after Jan. 1 ; now cmuloyed by
. dairy and farm supply house; business and
college tdccctlon; understands mining ma-
chinery; handy with tools; offlce w"ork pre-
ferred; can furnish beet of references. Box
-TSI. Call office.
XOtrjCO man. ag«a 23 years, residing with
parents. \u25a0 deeires position as clerk or asslst-
*_t- wholesale houee preferred; is a willing,
\u25a0 faithful worker and would give employer his
l*st efforts; good references if desired. Ad-
<!rea« "H. P.." 161CA Turk et.
. HXK thcroi:gh:y experienced la all kinds of
agriculture, stock racing, irrigation or grad-
ing land desires situation as superintendent;
best of references. Address F M
IiEEEE, -.75 Thirty-eighth et, Oakland.
TOCXG man. who speaks fluently the Eng-
JUb, Freach. Spanish and Italian languages,
would like position of any kind where faith-
ful wo»_ uould be appreciated. Address S.
CARMONA. 131 Montgomery st.
7 TRUSTWORTHY, reliable man would like
pi— c* as sight watchman or would do asy
kind of work; boods or security siren If
de~irs<l.« Address or call M. J. 8., 813
Golden Gate aye.
A PAPERHAXGEB' — nd painter, arst-claas,
quick, up-to-date mechanic, wants situation;
I ir.uet have employment; will work for
f 2 M) tier day: city or country. Box 3845,
Call offlce. rtg:f.
iIOTEL man, competent, reliable, mature age,
experienced all around, wants position as
; clerk, night or day, or manatrer; city or
fir.c references. Box 2744, Call.
CUTTER and tailor — Energetic young- man.
«ith coir.c experience, wishes a position as
assistant cutter; r.o objection to salary if
»-.c_dy. Box 4SHI. Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY gentleman, aged 30 years,
. R'OUld like position with business firm as
< •!» rk or collector; will cheerfully furnish
bonds. Address K. L. P., V Monroe et.
A STRICTLY trustworthy young man desires
£. situation in wholesale house, where he .
*r.ay learn buslue™; Balary $45 per month.
• Acirow F. J. C. 12S Dolores <st
DANISH rr.zn wants Eltuation as plain gar-
dener, pare of horses poultry; can milk;
it-st of reference. 'Address ANDREW
JOHNSON. 331 Kearny st., room 44.
i'L'TLER, first-class. English, desires eltua-
tion: moderate salary: unimpeachable Cali-
fornia and Eastern references. HENRY
\u25a0 1-QL.PE--S. 11SC. Marktt gt.
. A COMPETENT sing!e man desires a position
. 'on ranch as foreman; thoroughly understands
stock end farm work. Address E. C, box
43-. Vallfjo. Ca-i.
A SOBER and Industrious Dano, 40 years of
a*;*-, desireg hoasecleanir.g and Janitor work:
good references. Apply or address IC2O
»>olden Gate aye.
A ;.:JL>DL,E-AGI:D German (single) wishes po-
sition in grocery etore or barroom, as clerk;
has good references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny et
iN elderly man with totne experience would
like position to assist and help around
kitchen. Address or call room 65, 529 Sacra-
mento st.
AN" eld-rly man wants a. place to do light
work; email wages; best of reference; good
horstraan ar.d good fireman. Box 2773, CalL
teVTUA-TTON wanted by man with technical
education and field experience as asct engi-
neer and traneltman; refs. Box 2777. CalL
*VOOD turner, band sawyer, ehaper and ma-
chin* oiaa; Scotsman out of work; will start
anything. Box 2775. Call office.
- M >VNv3 man speaking several languages and
of good address and appearance is anxious to
- obtain a position. Address G. A., C'S Steiner.
•"IRST-CLAES eteam and gas fitter would Ilk*
pceitlon; ao objection to country place.
Phone East 4451.
tfVN experienced ticket seller with beat of ref-
erences would Ilka en lznxaediat* position.
Phone East «186. MRS. MAXN.
A GOOD bartender would like city position;
can rive rood references. Address D. U.,
UO2 Polk tx.
•..?-.' honest end faithful Japanese boy would
like schoolboy's position. Address JOHN. 522 :
Pis* et
.v RELIABLE young man {strictly temperate
in habits) would like position- In some whole-
sale house. QUI or address J. _.. 2638 Hyde.
A BEX-ABLE man would like situation as
night watchman or Janitor. Address 1747
_isslon St., room 4, cor. Erie and Mission.
A DENTAL, etuoent is desirous of obtaining >
work evenings In some dental offlce. Address
• 12S Dolores st
Jl RELIABLE man wants situation as night
— -atchna_a; references. Address I. 8., 205
Third ct
A CO— IPETETNT man would like situation as
porter or Janitor. Phone Black 22&0.
YOUNG man would like situation In grocery
- -store; experienced. Box 27S<S» Call office.
Al PAPER-HA-NGER and painter wants situa-
tion; go anywhere if steady. Bex 2736, C-1L
FIKf-'T-CLAES young bookkeeper and general
office num. Al references, desires permanent
position In city or nearby town with < firm
who appreciate ability. Box 2767, Call office.
_JTTATIO>f watted by traveling salesman;
* California territory; acquainted with general
trade; references; bond if necessary. Box
rTOC. Call offlce.
*_"OOK ana pastry cook; best reference. 1177
Howard et.. room 14.
• YOUNG km would like situation in grocery;
experienced: Philadelphian. Box 275 C. Call.
nXPERIKXCEIJ hotel manager desires en-
eairernert. Address Manager, box 27C8. CaJL
AS -ttcne— Lnt and companion to Invalid, chronic
ur mer.tal i>atlent by competent and reliable
man under middle age: good education and
• thorough tral.iing and experience as nurse and
• rr_«eur; references; terms moderate. Ad-
drets box 2737. Call offlce.
AS attendant to elderly gentleman cr Invalid,
.-• er.y age. anywhere, now or Uter, by respon-
tllrle man; 40; £\u25a0.-•- d qualifications; first-
c:?.s» training and experience; tc.tntif.c mas-
• . rose; references; reasonable. J. JAMES.
S-n M-K>o. Oal.
WATCHMAKER, young man. would like po_.
tion anywhere as watchzn— ker's assistant;
h_s had espesfaoot at bench; also 8 months'
pchooJ experience In East; has tools. JAS.
H. LEHMANN, 405 Geary st
WALE nun* (Southern irraduate) wants to at-
tend chronic Invalid who would appreciate in-
• • tellißent corrponion; .can give massage, elec-
tro therawutic applications and osteopsthle
tran'.pulatlon*. Ucx 2745, Call office.
"V.'ANTKD — A position as smprover to the ma-
• cflin:«t's trade by a young man who has had
Iw3 und a hajf years' experience at lathe,
drill press and brnch; low wages. Box IMS,
100S ilarkf-t «t.
A MARRIED, middle-aced sian, wishes a
place on an orchard, or ranch work, or
charge of place; experienced In farming for
yrxrs; han3y with tools. Address I* COF-
rnn. tT.2 Guerrero «t
STATIONARY engineer, who U steady, sober
<_3 reliable, does his own repairing and flt-
Jfffc*-. wtfh^s a position; has best of refer-
<ticci>. AJdress or ooii b. G. 8., BS2 Geary
n.. <,r T'hor.r- Kut 4527.
"*£Xl'EJtIE*»*C_D wood turner and machine
. hand wants Immediate position in or near
• city; refen enoes. Address W. F. SLUSSER.
2717 Greenwich st.
ESnPLOVMENT WANTED— MALE— Con.
YOUNG man. 20, wiling end obliging, de-
eires position in office; has four years' ex-
perience; can furnish excellent references.
Box T?l9, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as carpenter or
plumber's apprentice; «asy terms. Box 4598.
Call office.
A YOUNG gardener wants position, either
commercial or private; relerences. Box 4530.
Call offlce.
THE Associated Charitioe seek a position for
a responsible man as caretaker cr charge of
farm tmani*d). 628 Montgomery st.
GKHMAK pressman wishes position; thorough-
ly competent; has had 12 years' experience.
Address box 2713. Call offlce.
COACHMAN, with Eastern and California ref-
erences, deeires situation in first-class pri-
vate family. City address. 1910% Polk st.
STEADY, reliable man would like a situation
cither as porUr or janitor. Address 321 Ma-
ten »t.. or phone Black 2390. _^
A WIDOWER wishes a place for himself and
his son, in a Scandinavian or German family,
Scandinavian preferred. Box 2706. Call.
A YOUNG Harvard graduste desires position
In otrh-e or as clerk. 23 Oak Grove aye.. city.
'AN ELDERLY man wants position as watch-
raan. Box 2527. Call efflee.
A JAPANESE couple would like positions to-
gether In private family; man is first-class
cook, with ytars of experience; wife *will do
housework and rsslst; havo best of refer-
ences. Call or address M. Sira, 465 Jessie «t.
YOUNG Japanese of experience wishes position
as Bch^oltioy or housework; wages can be
email; good place more desired: speaks good
—nglith. Address 715 Sacramento St., cr
phone Black 1871.
A GOOD Japanese boy would like position as
s schoolboy in some good family; ia a good and
willing worker. Address ORISAKA, 12&3
Page ft., or phone Fell 85C1.
A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy wishes posi-
tion as school boy In email family. Call or
address R_ X., 442 Devlsadero st. ; phone
Page 2109.
FAITHFUL Japanese boy would like place
where he could work' mornings until 10
o'clock. Address or call T. IKEDA, 1207
Bush Et.
A YOUNG experienced Japanese boy would like
position as elevator boy. Address F. K.
NAKA, 512 Bush st., or phone Montgomery
IS2S.
A JAPANESE who is fine cook and has best
of references wishes position as school boy.
Address HARRY TAKETA, 25SA O'Farrcll.
AN honest young Japanese would like position
to assist In kitchen mornings and evenings.
6. KEY. 1320 Pine et.. Japanese Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED Japanese laundryman would
like situation In private family. Call or ad-
dress Japanese Laundry". W>4 Stockton et.
YOUNG Japanese boy would like place to do
plain cooking or general housework. Address
M. U.. 321^a O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy wishes situation to do house-
work; speaks English. A. MAKL 10 Chelsea
place, off Bush ft.
GOOD Japanese cook wants position In family
or hotel. FRANK KASA. 508 Bush St.;
phone Main 3COB.
JAPANESE boy wants position as good cook;
weges $6. M. FRANK.* 703 Larkln st. ; tel.
East 8770.
A. YOUNO Japanese, who is an experienced
tailor, desires a position' as helper to ladles'
tailor. Address I. KEOAMI. 533 Dupont st.
JAPANESE couple want situations In a pri-
vate family; man as first-class fancy cook
and wife as waitress at -table, housework;
with 5 references; 15 years' experience. M.
EHIRA. 4G5 Jessie tt.; phone Mint 591.
JAPANESE couple want eltuatlons in a pri-
vate family; man as first-class fancy cook
and wife as waitress at table, housework;
with 5 references; 15 years' experience. M.
SHIRA. 465 Jessie st. ; phone Mint 591.
JAPANESE couole want situations in pri-
vate family; man as first-class fancy cook
and wife as waitress at table, housework;
with 5 references- 15 years' experience. M.
SHIRA. 463 Jessie St.; phone Mint 501.
YOUNG Japanese couple desire positions; man
cooke; wife watting at table, in small fami-
ly; city or country. G. O. M.. 415& Powell
St.; tel. Green 229.
A GOOD Japanese wants a place to do any
kind of work for a few hours in the morn-
ir.ir. K. M., Japanese Gospel Society, 1529
Pine «t.
A JAPANESE boy who is a good cook would
! like place; $4 per week. Address GEORGE,
18S4 California gt.
' A YOUNG Japanese boy who speaks very good
English would like a position as schoolboy.
Address F. TUREME. 1329 Pine st
AN experienced Chinese cook wishes a position
in reFtaurant, boarding-house, hotel or pri-
vate family; firet-class meat and pastry
cook; has good references. Address CHAN,
1113 Clay st.
A FIRST-CLASS Chines* cook would like
work In private family. Address SAM. i 733
Commercial et.
A GOOD Chinese cook would like a position In
either boarding-house or hotel. Call at 300
Sacramento 6t.. upntalr*.
YOUNG Chinese wants work of. any kind so
he can attend pchool a few hours dally.
GEE BOW, 429 Geary st.
FTRST-CLASS Chinese cock for hotel or board-
ing-house. Please call SO6 Sacramento st.,
upstairs. -
EXCHANGE. *
FARM. 100 acre*. Oregon, $3000 clear for city
lot*. Box 2722. Call. .
FEf AJTCXiL— .
A— THE BEST CHRISTMAS GIFT.
Is one which wiil increase and multiply In
value.
THE BEST THING OBTAINABLE
In this line is the stock of the Colonial
Gold Mining Company of Nevada. \u25a0
THE NEXT ACCEPTABLE PRESENT
is a few thousand shares of stock In the
Tonopah-Berkeley at present quotation, for
in GO days its value will more than double.
AN ANNUAL INCOME.
The Rosecrans Gold Mining located In
California exceeds anything ever offered at
the price. Buy a few shares for yourself
bs a present and a revenue producer for the
future. . -."•\u25a0. '
THINK WHAT IT MEANS TO YOU.
A good gold stock pays 100 per cent per
annum easier than savings banks pay 4
per cnt, or mortgages pay 6 per cent.
Take the celebrated Moraydena Mining Com-
pany at Grass Valley. It will pay even
more thaa 100 per cent. It consists of 80
acres of the richest gold channels in the
world. John H. Hammond, the great mining
expert, writes of this claim: "The yield
per mi!e of channel of the average charac-
ter at low estimate is from $2,000,000 to
$3,000,000." And more yet. the largest nug-
get in the world was found In the Moray-
dena mine, weighing 240 pounds and had
$51,840 of gold in it.
OIVB YOURSELF OR NEXT BEST
FRIEND A BLOCK OF ANY ONE OF
THESE STOCKS FOB CHRISTMAS.
IT IS A GIFT WHICH WILL CONTINUE
TO GIVE GOOD GIFTS TO ITS RECIP-
IENT FOR TEARS TO COME.
CALL OR WRITE.
J. W. JAQUITH _ CO.,
Suite 874-76-73.
Jas. Flood Building, 8. F.
WILL pay Me for Modesto or Tift-lock Irriga-
tions bonds; 60c for Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates, paid up on 75c installments; have
for Bale Oakland Cremation stock; also San
Jose. W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth st.
Oakland.
$SOO0 — ON good country farm and business
property; will pay 6 per cent net; security
worth 18.000; Investigate quickly, as loan
murt b« had January 10. Box 2776. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA — BRAND new 4 and 5 room fiats, on
Broadway and Vallejo st. between Larkin
and Polk; nearly finished; ready for occupancy
by the Ist: some for $20; now is the time
• to secure one. Be sure to »cc them to-day.
CRANSTON. BE-VEL & DWYER. 20 Post
POINT LOBOS aye.. 1307. near 2d aye. — Don't
live in a rooming-house when you can get a
nice BUanv furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath for $20 p«^r mo. : Geary cars pasa door.
ALMOST new upper 5-room flat; sun and light
In each room; rent very low if rented before
the first of the year. 1455 Broderick st.
CORNER upper flat, 8 large front rooms; eas-
ily rented; cheap at $33. Apply Fell and
Devlsadero st«., southwest corner.
A MONTH free; uew 4-room flats. $25; Janitor
eervlce, but not an apartment house;. plenty
of sun. 2267 Hayes st- nr. Golden Gate Park.
BRODERICK, 143^ near Halght— Modern B-
room flat; marble steps, b*-am ceilings, elec-
tric lights,- etc; owl cars; rent reasonable.
A MONTH free; new 4-room flats, $25; Janitor
eervlce: sunny. 2267 Hayes st, nr. G. G. Pk.
6 BUNNY rooms; modern plumbing, $20. Key
at grocery. Fell and Devisadero, near Park.
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905,
FLATS JTO^ LET— Contlnned.^^^
AAA— COMPLETED LIST OF HOUSES.
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all; we can find
you a home In any part of the city; ask for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome.
CORDES FURNITURE CO., 245-259 Geary
st. (on the square.) -^
PINE. 2330, near Flllmore— Modern, sunny,
middle flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent reduced.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Cali-
fornia st.
MODERN flats on Van Ness aye., near Fran-
cisco; 0 to 10 rooms and bath; rents ranging
from $1S to ,$35. YON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 513 California et.
LOMBARD st. near Buchanan — Several mod-
ern* flats of 4 to 6 rooms and bath; rents
ranging from $14 to $18. YON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO., 51» California st.
ELEGANT new sunny flat; 6 rooms; stone
steps; beamed ceilings; electric lights; base-
ment: yard. 16C2 Grove, nr. Central aye.: $30.
FLAT, 1256 Twentieth aye., near H st. and
Gold Gate Park — 5 rooms; low rent.
$9 — UPPER rear flat, 3 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st, off Market, near Valencia, t
NEW. modern flat. 7 rooms. 443 Fourteenth
street. \u25a0 " \u25a0
DUBOCE aye., 531. near Steiner— New, mod-
ern, sunr.y,,7 rooms; $35.
$12 OR $15— New flats, 4or 5 rooms. 20 Clyde
et., near S. P. depot.
ELEGANT eunny 6-r. flat; every convenience;
fine view. 10*6 Broderick, near Turk; $25. .
LYOX, SOt, near Golden Gate aye.— 4 rooms,
bath; water free; renovated; reduced $15.
BRODERICK, 1433 — Live rent free; 6-room flat,
with 4 attic rooms; can sublet each room; $25.
CENTRALLY located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 1002 Maeon st., cor. Sacramento.
CENTRAL, modern, upper flat, 6 rooms, bath.
1026 Sacramento st, above Powell: moderate.
NOE St., 328, near Market — Modern lower flat,
6 rooms and bath; rent $22 00.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
4 OUTSIDE rooms and bath, complete for
housekeeping; gas and electric lights; 1709
Hayes st. - 1 \
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED. '
FOR sale — A 5-room furnished flat; price $185.
Address box 2663. Call offlce. >
FLOORS TO LEASE.
LARG_ , ght floor; electric elevator; excellent
locat: n; low rent. KNOWLES CO.. 24 2d.
UTIMTURE WANTED.
A— PHON. Tkiuth 1015; It will pay you to send
for me Ljfcre you sell your furniture, • par-
pet?, piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market
st, bet. 9th and 10th. paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
WANTED — Furniture of 4 or 0 room house
complete. Give particulars to box 2701,
Call offlce.
Alfred Wollpert 773 Mission, phone Red 4482,
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel.Bush 813.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market st. phone Jessie
761, pays cash and buys everything.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos and fur. Whitehead's Storage, 1636 Mkt.'
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z In 1 mo. for $10; 7
positions to till guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and eve. class. 234 Post, r. 17, 2d floor.
THE opportunity of your life; millinery taught
in firpt-class parlors; guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan. 25;
terms $20. 254 Post St., room 16, 2d floor.
LEARN hair-dressing, facial massage, manicur-
ing, scalp treatmentbalr work,removal super-
fluous hair; day, eve. classes; positions wait-
Ing; $lv. week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; salary while learning; references
required. Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush at,
third floor.
WOMAN, advanced in years, no Incumbrances,
neat. well, dependable and useful, accus-
tomed to and willing to assist in keeping
lioujx.- for man and wife; small salary; good
home;_ write particulars. Box 17t!0, Call.
WANTED — For a position offering opportunity
for advancement, an energetic woman who
has had somp business experience. Box
4503. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPERS.casbiera. bill clerks.etc.l will
guarantee you qualification to fill positions In
80 days; private Instruction by accountant ;po-
sitions secured. Address box 1730, Call offlce.
A FINE appearing business woman; positively
muet be university or normal graduate and
extra good correfipondent; no other; good
salary. Write fully to box 2726, Call offlce.
AA — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear to work In factory. 656 Mission st.,
third floor.
AA— OPERATORS on ladles* underwear and
children's wear to take work home. 650
Mission st.. third floor.
AA — EXPERIENCED tuckers wanted on
ladles' underwear and children's wear. 656
Mission st. third floor.
AA— EXPERIENCED operators on ladles'
waists und summer suits to work in factory.
ttsti Mission at., third floor. '
WANTED — Young girls to wind yarn and
work in knitting mill; good wages. GANT-
NEP. & MATTERN CO., 007 /Grove st
WANTED — To employ a lady with good knowl-
edge of music; salary $S00; references re-
qulrcl. Box 3944, Call offlce,
BRIGHT, energetic lady to represent first-class
mining company. Call 1002 Jas. Flood bldg.
A YOUNG woman to assist In bath and mas-
sage. 228 Taylor et.
FIRST-CLASS wire j stitcher wanted at Com-
'. merclal Publishing Co.. 463 Mission et
LADY of 25 as dentist's assistant; call Mon-
day. 850 Market st. room 14. ,
GIRL to take care childf assist light house-
keeping. 55 Beaver fit., off 16th and Noe.
YOUNG lady for general offlce work and as- :
. slstant stenographer; must reside at home;
state salary expected. Box 2759, CalL
YOUNG giri to assist in housework and care
of child. 2018 Broderick B t. ...
REFINED, energetic woman to fill responsible
place with children. 725 Polk st., basement,
between 8-9 a. m. ?
BARBERS— Employment and SnppHe*.
BARBERS, Attention — Coif man's Exchange;
city and country barber shops bought and
sold. Bee COLEMAN. 311 Jaa. Flood bldg.
$175 — 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near
i Kearny st COLEMAN. 811 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops — Large variety, of them; some
very good; also a number of shops in coun*
• try; all prices. STOLTZ. 723 Market st
FOUR- CHAIR barber shop and dear store;
cold at a sacrifice If taken at once; account
' . sickness. Address P. O. box 839, San Joae.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale: choice location;
sacrifice. COLEMAN, 811 Jan. Flood bldg.
BARBER shops offered to buyers at special
Inducements. : Coleman's, 811 Jas. Flood bldg.
BARBER for Saturday; near Park-st station.
1544 Park st. Alamnda.
BARBER for Saturday. 100 Market rt.
BARBER wanted for Saturday evening and
holidays. IS9 Sixth s-t. \u25a0- \u25a0
BARBER (good) wanted for to-day; percentage.'
SO3 Kearny at. \u25a0-- .
A BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 764^
Howard st - . \u25a0 -- \u25a0
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third at
WANTED — Barber for Saturday. and Sunday;
70 per cent; no students. 235 Eighth. st. -
BARBER . wanted for Saturday. . Sunday and
Monday. 103 SB Howard st - -. \u25a0—
BARIiER wanted or Saturday and Sunday. 420
Broadway. ....._-,., .......
WANTED — Two barbers; come ready! to work.
644 A Howard st. ...
BARBER • wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
938 Folflom st
BARBER wanted.' 413 Market \u25a0_ • . .
BARBER . for Saturday and Sunday. . 1055%
Folsom st , ... ...'-.:•-,.\u25a0..
A NO. 1 apprentice wants steady place: $10;
no student. Box 2764. Call., \u0084"..*\u25a0 ... _
$150 BUYS a 2-chair barber shop. Tilth Wee;
good business: location central. .Box 2769,Ca1l
GOOD- PAYING 2-chalr barber- shop; -bargain
If ~i!<i _t cnae: lnvtiti_ata. ISI Minna »t
' BARBERS, ETC.— -Continued.
BARBER; shops wanted; all • those that can
. bear close investigation as to their merits
may apply to D. STOLTZ. 722 Market st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 living rooms; rent
$10. : »4o Bryant »t.
TWO-CHAIR shop for eale; receipts $35 to $45
per week; rent $0 per month.. 817 Laguna st.
HELP WANTED-— MALE. *
OPEN TO-DAY.
J" :.'::: 'SUNDAY 8 to 12 M.
A— MURRAY & READY. ti34-C3(J Clay st ,
Phone Main 5848.
- -' Our Own Printing
Plant Issues our free : list of positions four
times daily— 7 A. M., 10 A. M.
"r 1 P. M-. 4 P. M.
EMPLOYERS, ATTENTION!
OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
. TION RESULTS IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP, DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
• THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THIS
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 1905 we hope to
C 4.000 men work. increase 64.000.
MERCED. MJCRCED.
THAT NEW RAILROAD. "
ARE TOU GOINQ?
800 drillers -$"3
500 hammermen ........$75
600 laborers ......:. .$67 50
600 muckers $67 50
We have got special railroad rates.... s2 40
OUR OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
MURRAY & READY. t>34-<336 Clay st'
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT. 940 miles, $8 40.
25 laborers, you'll suit. Call' early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-836 Clay st
THIS NEW MILL.
INSIDE WORK— STEADY JOBS.
25 laborers to go this afternoon, $60.
General manager here. Call and see him
; AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY — READY, 634-636 Clay st
LOOK.
Walter, mine hotel, $25 arid found.
. Experienced salesman on folding paper boxes,
$70 to $100.
Furniture finishers; also apprentices.
MURRAY & READY, C34-gSB Clay st.
LOOK! LOS ANGELES, $5.
SHIP TO-DAY, 9 A. M.
—TO LOS ANGELES. $5— •
—TO LOS ANGELES, $5—
25 teamsters, $67 60.
25 trackmen, $67 50. •
20 MUCKERS FOR MINES, $75.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES?
$5 FARE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay et.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamsters, special R- R. fare. $65.
25 laborers, special R. R. fare, $63.
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAY.
12 teamsters, free fare, $67 60.
Baker, bread and cake, «mall good Job, $8
week and found.
8 cooks," different places, special Jobs, $30 to
$60 and found.
2 machine hands, planing mill, $3 day.
Men. address envelopes, this offlce.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay et.
MECHANICAL.
2 sheetlron workers, city. y '
2 iron molders country foundry; printer,
country town, $40.
8 tinners steady work, country. $2 50 day.
' MARRIED HELP..,
Choreman and wife, private place, near city,
$45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MINES— QUARRIES—
—LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
SO miners, hand and machine work, $2 50
. to $3 day.
20 tunnelmen, near city, $2 i 5 day.
47 drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try, $2 50 to $2 75 day.
15 headermen. tunnels, $2 25 to $2 75 day.
LABORERS.
343 laborers, different Jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia — factories, mills and general work;
$2 to $2 50 day. $60 to $75 month.
MURRAY & READY. 034-630 Clay st.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE, $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
One Thousand Men.
. 1000 MEN.
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN. $75.
LAEORERS AND MUCKERS. $67 50.
BOARD. ETC., $20 MONTH.
SPECIAL, FARE, $2 40. .
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
ARE 'YOU GOING SOUTH?
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
DOES THIS LOOK GOOD TO YOU?
- FRED TO-DAY. TO-DAY ITS FREE.
OCEAN SHORE R. R.
1451 45 laborers, $60. —~ ' *•* "'-. ,
45 teamsters. $67 50. ' .
45 drillers, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay at.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
05 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOING?
COAL MINERS.
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ICS TIEMAKERS, 13c EACH.
FACTORY.'
15 laborers for general work around a large
factory; " no experience needed: steady the
year round; any willing man can fill the bill;
inquire about It; you'll go; wages $t>o.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st
____________
5 cooks, other places.
Walters, city hotels and restaurants, $35
month.
Marker and distributor, country laundry, $55.
OTHERS.
. 20 boys for stores, factories, city and coun-
try.
Experienced florist, city store.
FARMS. RANCHES,
MILKERS. CHOREMEN.
G plow teamsters, good ranch, $30 and fd.
14 general farmers, different ranches, $26 to
. $32 and found. .
15 milkers, butter-makers and ehoremen and
choreboys, $15, $20. $25, $30, $35 and found.
18 pruners, vineyard or orchard, $26 to $30
and found.
Boy, help paint, city.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay et.
SECOND cook, city hotel, $40 and found.
BUTCHER.
20 woodchoppers, $1 50 and $1 75 cord.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
TEAMSTER, special city wagon, $2-$2 50 day.
- Man do ranch work blacksmithlng, $1 25 day
and found.
MURRAY _ READY, -634-630 Clay st.
GOOD steady men wanted; can make from $20
to $25 per week ; see boss to-day from 0
a. m. to 12 m.. 618 Merchant et.'
MAN to learn cigar-making; good pay while
learning; $10 security required. 618 Merchant
TWO baker's helpers; open Sunday. 31S
James Flood building. .'
MEN and boys wanted to learn plumbing trade;
pays $5 day after completing course of prac-
tical instruction at home or in our schools;
graduates admitted to union and Master
Plumbers' Association: positions secured.
Coyne Bros. Co.. Plumbing Schools, New
York. St. Louis, Cincinnati; free catalogue.
WANTED — At once, - good, live canvassers \u25a0to
represent us throughout California; large com-
missions paid; complete outfits furnished free;
good prospects for right party. Full partlcu-
lars address Oregon Nursery Co., Salem. Or.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting; $80
to $180 per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools indorsed by all railroads;
day and eve. session;- apply for catalogue.
Morse Bchool of Telegraphy, 26 O'Farrell st
WE want a first-class man, accustomed to sell
at wholesale and with experience in the
talking machine business to sell at whole-
sale In San Francisco. See MR. GRAY at
125 Geary st, Columbia Phonograph Co. |
AGENTS wanted to sell lots on easy terms; $1
down, $1 a week; no interest; no taxes; large
commission paid; investigate. " PACIFIC
REALTY. CO., 419 Grant building.
ANY Intelligent person may earn good Income
corresponding for newepaper; experience un-
necessary; Bend -for particulars. Press Syn-
dlcate. ; Lockport, N. Y. '
MEN and ladles to learn barber trade; new
method; wages earned while learning; posi-
tions guaranteed after eight weeks. GILL-
MAN'B Barber College. 627 Clay at ,
YOUNG men, learn sign painting; I teach you
' by mall ; $5 for -complete \u25a0 course. , Write for
•particulars. NISLE SCHOOL OF LETTER.
' ING, 04 W. Mountain st., Pasadena, Cal. :
WANTED — Laborers and : mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkin,- Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third »t. 250 rooms, 25c to 60c per night
MEN and women { to I learn 'the barber : trade:
\u25a0 new method; .wages paid while; learning; po-
sitions guaranteed; special inducements. San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED EVERYWHERE— HUSTLERS to
tack signs, distribute circulars, samples, etc. ;
no canvassing; good pay. Sun Advertising
;- Bureau, Chicago. \u25a0: .. \u25a0
.WANTED— Men : to '\u25a0 fill 800 rooms at 20c . per
\u25a0 night; clothes closets, . hair mattresses, elec-
tric light* in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
BAILORS and - young >, men . (green- hands) for
ships. , HALLBERT. ,017 ; Jackson.
WANTED — Man to iron in laundry. Call after
8:30 at 7C4 Howard »t : , : : ':'.-
LABOR debts \u25a0 collected; ruks, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.: 49 2d st. rm. 522.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls,' rm. 40, . Phelan
bid. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post O.A.R,
DAUTEL wantt "\ 1800 men ' to ' buy ' inspected
- Government shoe* at : 631 Sacramento . st.-,;';,,s t .-,; ' ;, ,
HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
MANAGERS wanted ' everywhere for appoint-
ment ,of agents; new scientific game . for
drinks and cigars; replaces forbidden slot
machines; played with nickels or pennies;
rented," or sold on credit; payable after sold,
or if operated on percentage in publio places
you remit { one-tenth of earnings monthly
until paid;' samples loaned managers free.
Address Manager, department 84, 16S0 Lake
St., Chicago. * .? •
MEN learn the barber trade In 8 weeks; tui-
tion earned while; learning; situations guar-
anteed; only up-to-date colleges In America.
MOLBR'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 844 Clay st.
A BRIGHT young man about 16 years of age
1 to commence as general office boy in whole-
- eale grocery; roust have graduated from,
grammar , school. Box 2725, Call offlce.
$5 DAILY for man to distribute circulars and
samples. Am. Distributing Bureau, Mll-
.. waukee, Wis. •
DETECTIVES — Everywhere; Inexperienced
Qualified; $5 daily earned. International De-
ttctlve Co.. Milwaukee. "Wie.
DETECTIVES— Learn the business; money
made while learning.' 6o4 Montgomery, r. 204.
MAN to drive laundry wagon; $63 per month;
must have $400. 3372 Mission st
10.000 WORKINOMEN to buy our genuine
army shoes; all inspected. ICB Third rt
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. oppostt*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. - .
AGENTS WANTED.
A PERMANENT business— sso to $160 per
week positive; representatives wanted every-
* where to operate sales parlors for the best
ladies' and gents' dress shoe known; 10 orig-
inal . Bight-selling health and comfort fea-
tures; factory to consumer; previous experi-
ence unnecessary- profit possibilities unllm-
lted; no risk; reply quick, w; A. WRIGHT
& CO., 1233 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
THE best selling article on the market; neces-
sary in every home; 100 to 200 per cent
profit; easy seller; hustlers can make $5 per
day; ladies can sell It as well as men. Call
between » and 12 a. m. xo-day and Monday,
room 39. Winchester Hotel, 44 Third et C.
H. WILLIAMS. '
AGENTS' KLONDIKE.
"Every Man His Own Lawyer," Everybody's
law book; 816 pages; sample copy, $2, 50;
subscription only;, table of contents and
agency terms free. HITCHCOCK CO., 49
Eighth aye.. New York.
PERPETUAL fountain pen for 25c; indelible
writing; cleverest pen ever invented; sells
on sight ; agents make $5 a day and up-
ward; special prices to traveling men to sell
the trade: send 16c for sample and proposi-
tion. VERPOLI CO.; Minneapolis, Minn.
BIG money in squabs; cheaply raised In only
4 weeks; sell for fancy prices; wonderful
market; write for free book and learn this
rich industry. PLYMOUTH ROCK SQUAB
CO.. 182 Howard st. Melrose. Mass.
MAN cleared $11S2. lady $720 six months sell-
ing celluloid waterproof shoe dressing; why
not you? Demonstrated samples free. A. F.
HOLLA DAY & CO.. 200 Clark St., Chicago.
WE pay $36 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept 54, Par-
eons. Kans. . \u25a0
SALESMEN WANTED.
SALESMEN, notice— A large well-known Chi-
cago house selling staple well advertised
line has vacancy for traveling salesman for
California; unusual opening; state age and
experience, fully. Address H. SCOTT, 56
Fifth aye.. Chicago.
CAPABLE salesman to cover Colorado with
staple line; high commissions with $100
monthly advance; permanent position to right
- man. JES3. H. SMITH CO., Detroit, Mich.
' SOLICITORS WANT— D.
TO sell groceries to ranchers; wholesale; com-
mission; deposit for outfit required. BROWN
& CO., 637 A Mission st. 't:-i--i
HORSES AND ' WAGONS.
THREE platform lumber wagons, 14 feet long;
one 3-ton platform furniture wagon; all kind-
of delivery wagons. 6 laundry and one bak-
ery wag-on; all kinds of buggies, surreys and
carts. KLEIBER'S. 1504-8 Folsom et.
FOR sale — A good driving horse; light bay; 15
hands high; 6 years old; good style; well
broken; perfectly sound; price- $275. Box
2961, Call offlce.
WANTED — To hire 300 head of horsea or mulea
with harness for scraper work. Inquire for
particulars MADIGAN. O'NEIL & CO.. 122
. Grove st. . *
BAY horse, about 1250 lbs; good for ranoh
work; will sell for $45. PHILBRICK. 449%
Guerrero st. .
JUST arrived, carload horses. 1200 to 1700; call
and see them. G. LINDAUER, 841-843 Fol-
som St.
BLACK horse. 1400; broke driving- mare, "fresh
cow; sale, exchange, rent. 2Sth and Dolores.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st
HORSE, buggy and harness for sale cheap.
STOTTS & RHODA. Upper Fruitvale. Cal.
FOR sale — Horse, five years old; perfectly
, sound ana gentle. Box 2t579. Call offlce.
WANTED — A good driving horse for light busi-
ness. Box 2979, Call offlce.
A NO. 1 new delivery wagon, $100; worth $150.
1303 Devlsadero st. .\u25a0
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or- Canada one year for SI.
HOUSES TO LET,
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send f or dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Motgmy.
HENRY. 236, above Castro, near 14th — Mod-
ern sunny cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
la! go yard, gHAINWALD. BUCKBEB &
CO., 218 Montgomery st
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOR 8 AXJ3.
FURNISHED house of 19 rooms; clears $60 per
month at present with 2 rooms vacant; price
$1000. 56 South Park.
HOUSES WANTED — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house wanted In select location
of Piedmont or Berkeley. Address box 2745,
. Call offlce. : '
COTTAGES TO I.ET.
NEW, neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
ful beach; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
\u2666lectrlo light; sun all day; rent reasonable.
• Take . Park and Cliff House car, stop at 46th
aye., go south one-half block to No. 1275.
FURNISHED and unfurnished cars and cot-
tages. Oceansida district, also facing ocean.
$10 uo. J. H. D. FELDBUSCH JR., renting
dept.. 49th aye. and I st, ocean boulevard.
COTTAGE of 4 wunny rooms; large basement;
large yard.- . 718 Grove sf \u0084 .
HOTELS.
HOTEL fit. Nicholas, Market, Larkln, Hayes
\u25a0 B t_ Heart of S. F. ; modern; American and
-European plants; electric lights and phone In
every room; hot and cold water; quiet
INVESTMENTS.
HOTEL company now forming; well-known
people: competent management; great success
assured; will earn easily 20 per cent per an-
num; portion of stock offered at par; will
certainly enhance greatly In value | within
short time. ' For full particulars address
Hotel, box 2771. Call offlce.
NAMES of Eastern ' Investors : for sale. MAX-
WELL. 1174 James Flood building.
INVALID CHAIRS.
BOLD rented, exchanged; manufacturer of th«
Eamea trio jle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel. Park 775
~~ JAPANESE FLORIST.
JAPANKSE Florist — Fresh cut flowers every
day; plants for sale a specialty. 1708 Polk
street, near Washington. Phone East 1304.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE. r^
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of day
• St.. for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
LAUNCHES, 1 new and ; slightly used; some
good .snaps. . Cal.. Launch Wks.. Alaaeda.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— -Gold closed-face lady's watch and gold
coin fob; 'blue dial; between Ellis and Leav-
. enworth.and up .Taylor .'to Turkish baths on
Sutter st •_ Finder please return to room 527,*
Hotel Vance, Taylor st. between, Geary and
.- O'Farrell. - \u25a0 .-\u25a0" .-\u25a0\u25a0 -- \u25a0.-•\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,-•. '
LOST — A passbook with th* Hlbernla Savings
and Lean - Society of San Francisco in the
name of TIMOTHY O'KEEFFE or ELLEN
O'KEEFFE, No. 255-690. -~ The finder will
please : return ": to ; bank. <\u25a0--.-\u25a0-:- -- .
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
• and ,Loan Society of San s Francisco • In : the
name of GEORGE M.' CAWLEY; No. 245-373.
- Th_ finder. will please return to bank.
LOST 'AND FOUyD-— ConTlniieA .
LOST— Friday eve., gold watch engraved M.
X.. silver pin attached; on Sutter. Powell or
Market; reward. 919 A Jones Bt.
LOST— A small beaver fur scarf: Greenwich
St.. bet Mason and Powell. Please return
same to 2299 Jones St.; reward.
LOST— Black male half-breed Cocker spaniel;
license No. 2531. Return to 2932 Jackson st.
gnd receive reward.
LOST — Lady'e open-face gold watch, monogram
on Inside of case I_ N. B. Reward on return
to 142 Central aye.
LOST — A package addressed to Harriet st. Re-
ward lfi*turiiedto333uClayst.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CATHERINE E. DONOVAN. No.
174-110. The- finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — A water spaniel; dark brown curly hair
with white on breast, rat tall, white tip: San
Mateo license on collar. Return E. X. Van
Bergen. 420 Clay gt.; receive liberal reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and pin; H. H. a.
'03; between Telegraph aye. and Crocker
building, on Key route; liberal reward. Re-
turn to room 6, Crocker building. ..-'.'
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
Dame of Margaret Flanagan. No. 288-1457.
The finder will Dlease return to bank.
LOST — Chatelaine. Thursday. In Emporium,
near check rcom. Retain money and return
chatelaine to above; no questions asked.
LOST— Passbook No. 18.294; name of CLARA
DAUGEL; on Union Trust Company. Finder
please return to bank. \u25a0•; .
LOST — Bunch of keys. Return to Academy of
Sciences building. 818 Market st; elevator
boy; reward. - : .
MEDICAL,
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— Ladles, all who are
\u25a0 sick or In trouble, consult this specialist on
female complaints; positively corrected; the
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated; every case taken; immediate relief i
no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
will cure all cases of irregularity; consult
me; save time and money; advice free. 1037
Market st; hours. 9 a. m. to 4, 5:80 to 8:30.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities'; instant relief
guaranteed: 80 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
' male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. Offlce hours 9to 5, Sunday
10 to 2. 1008H Market st. opposite Fifth.
VALPEAU'S fem-U pills; b«st regulating pills
•old; pries $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
icges and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH EB.3,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
DR. SYLVESTER'S offlce. 1206 Market St.
Leading Specialist for Women.
Irregularities cured in 24 hours or no charge:
advice free; strictly private, hours 9 to 9.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment, reliable,
safe, prompt for female irregularities; relief
or no fee; $10; hrs. 0-8. 850 Mkt St.. suite 39.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIc* and residence
102114 Market st, bet. Cth and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWYER. 611 A Leavenworth St.,
bet Geary and O'Farrell. Phone East 697.
DR. W. R. MACY reliable ladles' specialist
906 Market st; hours 10 to 9; Sun., 10 to 3.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
original method of treatment 1128 Market
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Foleom st, corner
Twenty-sixth; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
_^ MUSEUMS. _^
DR. LIEBIG STAFF Free Museum of
Anatomy moved to 1023 Market st. near 6th.
IIISC_L_ANEOUS — FOR SALE.
Here ara a few specials in stationery.
STATIONERY.
Fine Writing Paper In beautiful carton
boxes, in all latest tints and textures,
per box &0o
A eseclal line of fine correspondence paper
in daintily decorated boxes, per b0x....250
I carry a very large and select lino of cor-
respondence and society stationery In the moat
up-to-date styles. :.-
OFFICE STATIONERY
And Supplies
In very large lines and very cholae assortment,
including letter flies, bill files, pads, legal
blanks, typewriter paper, memorandum books
and blank books of all kinds: all at small
profit prices.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1003 Market st. Ban Francisco.
SHAVING MUGS.
Very select line ....230 up
Fine line of Lather Brushes at 600
Good Razor Honea from 25c up
COMBS AND BRUSHES.
For Men and Women. .
Also Pocket Combs. Hand Mirrors, Pocket
Mirrors, Tooth and Nail Brushes at llttl*
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market at.. San Francisco.
FOUNTAIN PENS.
Buy a fountain pen for him for a Christmas
present. What could be more appropriate?
Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pens, Con_-
Uns Self-Filling Fountam Pens. A spe-
cially good fountain Pen $1 00
THAT MAN PITTS.
.3003 Market st., San Francisco,
POCKET KNIVES.
Any man would enjoy a good pocket k nlfs
for Christmas. See my extensive line In all
the best makes. My line is top-notch and
embraces all the \u25a0 best brands of the world.
Am offering a specially good pocket knife,
with three excellent blades, fortified
ends, stag handle, suitable for lady or
gentleman, at \u0084 %\ 09
Another fine value, with three razor steel
blades and pearl handle; fashlonabls
shape and size. Special at $1 80
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market at. San Francis oo.
SCISSORS.
A full 'and excellent line. Including all kinds
and shapes of Shears, Buttonhole Scissors, at
250 up: Guaranteed Manicure Scissors, at SOa
up; Embroidery Scissors, at 25c up.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1003 Market Bt. San Francisco.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOBH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale — At the beach south of tho park,
San Francisco's health resort, a bungalow,
. consisting of a car with 3 rooms attached,
furnished or unfurnished; an elegant place
for a family or a club; rent of ground nomi-
nal. Inquire box 8490. Call offlce.
PARTY having bought fine standard make
' upright piano on Installments, and having
same half paid for, la unable to keep up
payments and will sell equity for a no—lnal
- sum to any one wishing to continue to make
payments. Box 2728. CalL
A LADY having met with reverses and about
to loss her piano, which sh» bought on the
Installment plan, and having same almost
paid for, will tell for a small sum to party
taking up balanco of installments. Box
2732. Call. -'
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege- of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BA— KB-
COLLENDER, 652 Mlsalon st. 8. F. '
BATHTUBS. 3-in. rim, enameled, $11 60; 20x36
sinks. $3 76; 16x24 sinks, $160: patent closets,
$10 60; washtrays, 2- faucet, $3 73; 30- gallon
. boilers, $4 76. 213 Fourth st.-
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Smith Premier Typ*-
wrlter, $35; a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st, agents L. C.
Smith- & Bros.' visible typewriter.
COPPERSMITH'S power hammer. 16 hj>. port-
able engine, 10 hp. vertical engine. 40 hp.
engine and boiler,- machinists' lathes. 602
Third st.
WOODWORKING double-headed shaper. 12-
inch and 9-lnch sticker. 88-lneh bandsaw,
foot mortlser. JOHNSON tc HORAN. 603
Third «t. - ' . . •
A— BUYS, sells and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys*
etc. WHITELAW. 836 Main st
PEDIGREED liver and white ticked pointer
dog. 9 months old; also pedigreed cocker
spaniel pups. • H. S. BROWN. 2619 22d st
HANDSOME. Jet black Cocker spaniel, year
old, prize winner; also tri-color* Scotch collie
pup; young parrot, good talker. 2725 Howard.
FOR sale— A sealskin as good as new.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE,
907 Market st
MILJ£3 of pipe and fittings: all sizes; cheap.
EUGENE RILEY & SONS, offlce 408 Main
et: warehouse 108 Vallejo st
MACHINERY, boilers and engines bought,
sold and exchanged: power plants In their
entirety bought Western Mhy Co.. 230 Main.
A — GENTS'- : full ~ dress suits to rent J.
*..-' COOPER, 21 Stockton st. second Boor.
COCKER spaniel puppies; very fin*; "*"T pi
nice Christmas present. 1189 Ouerwro st»
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE — Con.
H. S, WHITE MACHINERY CO. have Uw>
following bargains to offer this week:
75 hp. direct connected Union Iron Work 3
engine (crcss-compound> and Siemon
Holske generator connections, instru-
ments, etc.. complete $1300
Same make generator ai above, only with
ball compound direct connected engine. $1400
24x43 in. Union Iron Works Corliss en-
gine $2000
ISX42 in. Union Iron Works Corliss en-
gine $1300
20 hp. Fltchberg vertical engine, rebuilt. sl3O
tt hp. Ohmen vertical engine, rebuilt ts«t>
4 hp. Ohmen vertical -ensine, rebuilt $40
15 hp. Atlas engine and boiler, complete. .$230
stXM!ght new generator. Al. complete. .. .$375
4 ft. Pelton water wh?els. bronze buck-
ets $130
5 ft. Holiday tramway shears. Al shape. s2oo
Power punch and shears hand! es. V» Inch
stock $400
Warren & Swasey turret lathe, complete. .S2CH>
Barnes 2lMneh swing drill press $50
Barnes" bench drill press $20
lii-in. engine lathe, 4 ft. between centers.slsO
15 tons stee! shafting 1 , all sizes, per lb 2Ho
90 tons steel cast Iron and wood pulleys on
hand.
Hs. %. *i. 1 la- ~lre hoisting and guy
cable, per lb 3o
7xlo D cylinder double drum hoistimr en-
gine $450
6x12 Marsbut- & Cantrell hoistln* engine.
Al. with boiler on same base, all com-
plete $3'3 ' *
Power gang punch handles. Vi-ln. plate. $300
Power shear (square) $130
And other- articles too numerous to mention.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
130 BEtALE ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
H S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom, 130 Beale st.
Works and Yards. Ninth and Bryant sts.
We have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
ready for Immediate delivery.
H-l-ch pip*. ... $3 25 per hundred feet (a«w)
ti-lnch pipe $3 S3 per hundred feet (new)
I-lnch pipe $5 70 per hundred feet (new)
IU-lnch pipe $7 60 per hundred feet (n«w>
1%-inch pipe.... $3 90 per hundred feet (new)
.-inch pipe $11 95 per hundred feet (new>
2%-ln. screw pipe (2d hd): ready for nse. 10c
8-ln. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 12H«
S^-tn. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. 13c
4-ln. screw pipe <2d hd): ready for use. 190
Send by -heck, money order or coin by
V». F. Exoreis Co., with order.
H. 3. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Offlce 130 Beale st.
Reference — Any bank, banker or publication.
2D-HAND machinery, engia esv boilers, pump*.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought, sold,
ranted and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO. 130 132 Be-la st.
ANT on« who wants *.o go Into shoe repairing
call or write to A. W. GOODRICH. 243 Tai •—
PIGEONS— A few hens, runts and Polish lint;
fine birds; reas. 474 Edwards St.. Oakland.
COMPUTING scale, nearly new; latest des*gn;
cheap for cash or term— Box 2763, Call.
IDEA— Christmas gifts — Toy silk poodle pup-
ples. 1450 Franklin st. basetntnt.
GYMNASIUM outfit: v«ry complete; sUchtly
used: 0T bargain. Addreaa box 2770. Call.
THOROUGHBRED fox terriers; nice Chrlstma*
gift. 731 Seventh are., near McAllister st.
BABY Al Vista panorama cameras. $3 Off. tak*
pictures 2%x6%. Sunset Bazaar, 42 Third.
LOT castlron pulleyi; split; whole; 2%0 per
lb. for the lot. Box 2313. Call.
HIGH grade second-band office saf« «nd wagon,
scale. PARCEL— a SAFE CO.. 216 California.
SAFES — Must make room; no reasonable offer
refused. 123 New Montgomery st.
DESKS and offlce furniture bought, sold and
exchanged. T. D. MeCARTHY. 807 Mission.
E. C. HUGHES— Printer. 611 Sanso_» st.
San Francisco. .
TWO merry-go-rounds; one miniature railway.
BACIGALUPI. 805 Kearny st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. BULLARD ft BRECK. 131 Pc*t it.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAA — POSTAGE stamps and collections
bought and loaned on. Ad_-ess box 1377,
Call office. *
WANT_D~A 32-lnch upright drill press;
must be In first-class condition. Box 2724.
Call offlce.
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladles' and
gents' clothing. TeL Howard 1137: 154 9th at.
DIAMONDS, etc.. bought for cash. Karl Eber
ft Co.. 400-401 Adams bldg.. 20« Kearny st.
AION'EY TO LOAN.
CONFIDENTIAU
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made on pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
ceipts, livestock and to people on their In*
dividual notes at banking-house rates; ia
case of sickness or loss of employment w»
extend your loan, so you take no chance of
losing your goods; your business is strictly
confidential, as we- make no Inquiries of your
neighbors; goods remain in your possesaiou
and yon can have the loan as long as you de-
sire; if you have any outstanding bills or
owe any loan company, w» will pay them
for you and give you more money; it !•
easier to pay one than a number: to ladles of
prominence we make loans without any se-
curity whatever: we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper in this city; don't. fall to
call and see us and we will cheerfully ex-
plain to you our up to date method of doing
business: you me#t so one at our separate
and private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, room 13. Flxlan bolldln*; phon*
Main 704.
MONET
ALWAYS ON BAND.
BUMS FROM $10 TO $300.
KATES NO HIGHER HERS.
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AJ~D
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOURS' NOTICB WILXt DOL
COURTEOUS TREATMENT A-.~ATf_
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON TOUR F_"RN>
TURE, PIANO. HORSB. VEHIOUB O»
BALABT, ETC.
NO PUBLICTTT ABOUT TT.
NO BANK MORB RE_IABI_3.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON TOUR APPLICATION
SBOULD BE LEFT HERB WHEN TOU
NEED MONET.
\T_r RE READY AND W___NQ.
ENTIRELY NEW PATMENT Pt_iN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO..
202-308 CALLAGHAN BLDO..
MARKET AND McAL—ISTEB BT3.
PHONE SOUTH 922.
LOAN H_APQUART_R3.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT. __\u0084-_
601-602-603 E— -miner B-UdtOflt
Quick settlements; no disappotntm-ats.
Save- axpansea by dealing directly.
Estate*, second mortgages. undivUed Inter*
esta; assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in*
terests in property purchased. ;
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When Tou Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHT.
ANT salaried employ* or wage earner can get
just on hi. note:
$50— Return to us. .|l3 35 $« 63 $3 83
$30— Return to us.. 800 400 200
$20 — Return to va. . 553 263 - 135
$15— Return to us. . 4CO 200 ICO
Or any other earn, and pay back ia proportion,
THE CRESCENT LOAN CO.. 000 Rlxlto bid...
New Montgomery and Mlsalon st—
WILL LOAN
nts"n* Xt - amount on
Ist. _d or 3d
Mortgages on real estate
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full uartic— ar»
-> of property. •
Location, ate.
Bex X 23, Call offlc—
AAAA— UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton et. near Market
2d floor..
Loans mad* to salaried peopU without any
publicity or other inconvenience on their
notes. Loans on real estate In probate. Uf«
Insurance policies, estates, second mort-
gages. asslgnment*ofre^l9^jetc^^^^^^^^_^
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment
Call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry. *t 1
per c»nt Interest Baldwin's Jewelry Store.
978 Msrket St.; tel. Main 1011. Branch 119-
Market «t. and 27 Third st.
ANT amount Quickly on furniture or plan*
\u25a0without removal or other security : lowest
rates : no eommlssslon; confidential. 306-7
Donohoe bldg.. 8 Taylor St.. corner Market.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy fnymer. ts: large business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 533 Parrott bldg.
LOANS to salaried people without Indorser;
prompt attention and liberal terms. Th*
City Loan Co.. 211 Croasley building.
ALVA CO. loans, money to aa_r!ed people)
without security; good terms. «asy payments;
also on other security. 507 Jas. Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; qulc*.
quiet confidential. 26 Mcntgy »t. rcom 21.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without secar-
1 Ity; loans en Indorsed notes and other seenr-
Ity. S. F. DISCOUNT AGCT.. 125-7 Phelan.
SALARIED people without . security; also on
furn.. estates in -probate. Hf* Ins. policies. etc.
Empire Loan ft Invest. Co .». 612 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold.
silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
pooght st W. J. HESTHAL'S. 1» Sixth st.
For Additional Classified AdTertla*-
\u25a0>raU See P«e H \u25a0,
4344
•" M ONE Y TO Jf-C^~C-— — TV*-; < jj n neA.
.'^T* nmount, real estate <ir other security;
: fIOO up. W. J. y.'HITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 8.
\u25a0OAFH loaned salaried people on notes without
. indc—ser. Federal Loan Co. 009 Exam. bldg.
."•V ON furniture & planes; $;5 _n; no removal;
\u25a0•' .no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
. DQN'T borrrow nor*}- on Fsiary until you see
us Button Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
—
•ALL loans on •Siamondi' & jewelry at 2 per cent
r-,.0. E. F. Collateral Loan Back. 53S Kearny.
fCoGARVIE & CO.. 720 Market Ft. .loans money,
. CS to fO per cent of valuation of ;.rcp>r:y.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TAKTT hsvlns bought fine standard make
nptiGfct piar.o on in«tairrnents. end having
fame half raid for. is unable to keep up
I-syments and will fr\l equity for a nominal
fum to any one wishing to continue to make
payments. Uox _727, Call, .o .
A LADY hairing met with reverses ani about
to lose lier piano, vrhlch she fccught en the
Jr.ft&ilment p'.an. ar.a Uavlr.c fsme almost
. raid for, will sell for a pma'l sum to party
taklr.p up balance » of installments. Box
UPRIGHTS FROM ?G"S UP.
Plycl. Emersun. Roenlrch, Smith & Bames.
/labler. Curtaz. J-terli-g ar.d many others, on
run- payments: open evninfrs.
•• • BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OTfirrfll yt.
• \u25a0A NEW piano fcr rent nt S3 per mo.; others
• -• at ?2 and 52 . r .o; one year's rent allowed If
\u25a0 '-pure-hayed. PCOTT-CURTAZ. 500 Hayes st.
SAVE dealers' profits: buy direct from factory.
• J)EITi:MEirR PIANOS. SC» Valencia t>u, be.
' • itro»n Nineteenth and Twentieth.
ALMOST givrn away; Ftorase piano* and furnl-
\u25a0tare. TVhltehead'w Storage. lC."fl Market gt.
A." FISHER upright. SOO. Call from Ba. m. to
$> p. m.. 554 Valencia et.
-BARGAIN— Chick. rinp -jpriKlit prar.J; brilliant,
- powerful tone. HORNUNG. 210 McAllister.
PIANOS extraordinary, stock East'ri mfsr. sac-
. ' rificed: terms to suit. Statham, 110 McAllister
£KPERIOrt violin*, zither*.. cl<J .a^d new. H.
• MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Letham place.
KLXGaNT uprights, new, _d-l.aiid, $40-S>WX>.
• PIERCES Piano Factorj'. Market ar.J 14th.
S-^I-UIER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecilian plaao
.player. .BYRON MAUZY, SOS-312 Post st.
,NCW upright pianos sold en $5 monthly pay-
\u25a0. menus. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister tt.
3-PEDAL Stflr.way up: Chicknrinß baby grand;
\u25a0Mic-nincT little used. Keeffe'tC 2Bs CFtrrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
\u25a0ITAJDSTIC bldg.. 12S1 Market et. — Nice mcd-
.•'«— l offices to let. $10 p*r month and up.
•pEOADWAY, 1255, rr. Hyde, in house 21 opts..
etore anfl living rooms, delicatessen, 815.
CHOICE, central, well furnished, eunny office-
roora; cheap. Box 2772, Call office.
' =
• PERSON AJLS.^^^^^^^^^^
» • • "C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S C-A-R-O-L" • • •
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O'-*" MULTITUDES of suc-
cessfully treated patients of 1805 are now
chanting a CHRISTMAS CAROL of Joyful
gratitude for the marvelous benefits obtained
by his DRUGLESS H'D RADIUM treatment.
To enable the DEAF and SICK readers of
these Unas to JOIN in their JUBILANT
thanksfrlvlrg, Rexratilo. now offers them (during
'\u25a0 this feytlve season) his peerless treatment at
ONE-HALF his ut-ua! moderate FEE, thus
. suiting persons of SMALLEST MEANS. The
' -v<»ry bert CHRISTMAS or NEW YEAR'S
GIKT you can present to your loved SICK
end DEAF relatives is a QUICK CURE by
this "inexpensive" treatment, which has been
marvelously susces«f ul m about 85 per cent
of all alleged INCURABLE cases of DEAF-
NESS and DISEASES 5 , which others had
GIVES UP as H-O-P-E^L-E-S-S. C. Engleke
ct the CAL. DKMOKRAT further testifies:
- -' _*y friend -with the lt-t years' dreadful In-
flammatory RHEUMATISM, who was practi-
cally HELPLESS ..and UNABLE to RISE
I*-om a chair or STAND for so- long a time
;nose case was re.ported last Sunday), in-
antly ROSE. STOOD, and RAISED her fi-et
er inches high <ALL till then IMPOSSI-
LE), "continues' to progress satisfactorily,
id considers the several hundred dollars she
ire Hexradlo to be a SPLENDID INVEBT-
i:.\T. Ho has cured MANY equally
OPELESS cases of ctronie. acute, DE-
CiriMING, and disabling: RHEUMATISM,
so PARALYSIS and .LOCOMOTOR
iAXIA. each' being INSTANTLY able for
ret lime' to WALK. RUN and LEAP. I
-N-O-W. for I was a WITNESS. My
sn INSTANT cure of 2u year?" distressing
HEI'MATISM lias now L-A-S-T-E-D ONE
UNDRED and FORTY-THREE DAYS, and
bUH can vigorously RUN and LEAP. Tho
itally DEAF usually HEAR a 'distant'
'\u25a0JiISPER by a *3 t-econ_s' ' treatment, as
IULTITUDES art reacy to testify, lnclud-
• i!g numbers of our very FOREMOST citl- \u25a0
Tons. CITY antf COUNTY ATTORNEY
IJURKE; PRESIDENT CLEMENTS. .t3O
Pine: VICE PIiESIDENT EELFRAOE. 1016
Market, and many others (whose addresses
you oan have) who were once as STRONG
SKEPTICS a* myself, have testified over
their eignature? that they have WITNESSED
• numerous remarkably succtesful treatments
«>f total DEAFNESS and various supposed
INCURABLE maladies. The ENORMOUS
abdominal DROPSY case I named last Eun-
rtay has, by "reduction' of the dropey, LOST
SIXTEEN POUNDS in weight tire past we<-k
and the abdomen is now perfectly 'natural'
!n Fize. The 2:» years DIPSOMANIAC who
«-ould NEVER pars the door of a saloon, has
not onoe touched liquor the past 7 days. He
find h!s family are 'overjoyed.' E. AC-
TON, 1265 Clay *t., Oakland, with very seri-
ous BRIGHTP disease, said yesterday: *J
• feel a NEW man and almost well, after only
; • r. treatments.' Hl* wife* totally DEAF *ar
inrtantly heard a 'WHISPER et 25 feet, also
her NEURALGIA ceased In a MOMENT.
«»ne of our "most" prominent men in the
CITY GOVERNMENT last week had tds
DEAF ear made to hear well at nearly SO
. feet. Rexradio 'com— i-anicated' hie 'mys-
' terioue" healing power to 2 persons, and
•-ach went and 'successfully' treated their
rick friends. A greatly bloated (DROPSY)
leg —a* reduced to normal size. A dangerous
!case of HEART disease instantly lost all
PAINS, ar.d the BEATS became REGULAR.
A DEAF MUTE heard and spoke well. Now,
I assert on ray honor that I K-N-O-W thei>e
to be F-A-C-T-S absolutely beyond all DIS- V
POTB and DOUBT, and this 1 can and v>ill
I'-R-O-V-E. Get these patients' ADDRESSES
of me or Rexraaio and then INTERVIEW
them and bo CONVINCED. I will ANSWER
all LETTERS, and. If neeeseary, CALL on
the BEDRIDDEN and relate to them my own
most wonderful experience. — C. ENGLEKE,
221 Steiner f?t."
"REXRADIO" offer* T-O-U a list of 500 city
REFERENCES. You can call and S-E-E
• the Jiopless sick cured, and yourself get a
FREE SAMPLE of the power. This Christ-,
jv.&b noapon you will be charged for "treat-
" ments" ONLY ONE-HALF* the usual mod-
T81<? fees. The BEDRIDDEN can be VIS-
ITED. Patient*) at » DISTANCE are treated
. through the MAILS. Office houre 2 to C.
Offices CROWDED, come EARLY. CUT
THIS OUT FOR PICK FRIENDS. 603
Kearny Et. (OPEN SUNDAYS.)
VISITING CARDE.
In lots of 100 t0 C
Er.praved cards from plate. _ Jl <«>
• All up-to-date engraving done at popular
prices.
THAT MAN PITTS,
1008 Market et.
~~ SOUVENIR POST ~
CARDS.
All that hare been issued to date in art,
souvenir or comic varieties. Souvenir view
bocks cf California, 25c up. AH the g-ildes
end mar*.
Violin etrlnrs — including CCC Make.
THAT MAN PITTS.
1008 Market et.. San Franci»eo.
, LARGE line of beautiful Cbrietmas cards at
all popular prices. Don't fail to call and
see them.
THAT MAN PITTS,
lOCS Market et.. San Francisco.
A FREE ill. 47-pajce book en piles and fistula,
containing much valuable information con-
cerning rectal diseases: sent free to any suf-
ferer. Frank R. Weston. M. D., author, suite
601-2. Donohoe. b:dg.. Mkt. & Taylor, S. F.
SAVE YOUR OLD CARPETS; we will convert
them into beautiful handmade rugs of any
desired r-lze. The Oakland Fluff Rug Fac-
tory. 662 Market St.. Oakland. Cal.; phont*
Oakland STiCS; mall orders our specialty.
KAG carotts wove to order and for tale; also
r-heni lie-wove nisi", silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 703 Fifth St.. Oakland .
I-ADIES. throw away puffs & powder racs'
<_rry Perla Toca in your purse; sanitary'
Jiralthful. delightful; Sample 10c. Bier Spe-
cialty Co., 1327R Lawrence Ft., Denver, Colo
•FROM Hoe Train to Palace Car" telle you
hew to can re out a fortune with a soft new
Jead pencil; price two bits. J. INGLE Hazel
Creek. Cal. . L,
WANTED — Lost persons to find: their ad-
' drefses osn be traced; no charges unless
found. GEO. B. OTIS CO.. 1421 Ining et.
Eerkeify. Cal. '
4-7 — WAS very-ill; O. K. again. Supposed you
had come and gone; no line — nothing. Sick-
nerg? M. C. and 11. N. Y. Write L. Jfc K.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 729 Market st.
f BRAND new tailor-made ro<*n'» cults, cost
f25, for ?9 73. 440 Bush, or. California Hotel,
MORPHINE, opium, laudanum, cocaine habit
myself cured; will inform you of harmless,
permanent home cure. MARY BALDWIN;
box 121-. Chicago.
RUFUB MILLER. 1009 Pacific, st. will not be
responsible lor any debts contracted by his
wife, as she has deserted him. \
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. •
MME GILLINGHAM. dermatologist: wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re-
etored. H3O Market gt ; tel. Montgomery 1311.
$1 A WEEK; suite to order $15 up. LEMOS.
1127 Market st .. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ar.d subscriptions has
been opened at 10uS Market 6t., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
\u25a0 — '- ' ~
PHOTO SUPPMES.
FREE KODAK
DEVELOPING
If you buy your films of me or have me do
your photo printing.
I carry a full line of
NON-CL'RLING FILMS.
My prices for films In rolls ot six exposures
are es follows: 2'.ix2>,4, 15c; -H^i*. 20c;
2%x4»i, 25c; 3%5.3%, 80c; 3%_4i4, 35c; 4x6,
ox 4 and :iV«-5%; 45c; 5x7, 80c.
For rolls ot twelve exposures: 2^4x3U. -*oc;
2 3 ix4' / 4. We; 3%x3%, COc; ::>4x4' / i. 70c: &14X
&',3 (10 exposures), 70c; sx7| $1 6tf.
THAT MAN PITTS,
lOCS Market gt.. San Francisco.
PHOTO PRINTING.
I give a discount of 10 per cent on orders of
more than 0 prints each front 6 negatives.
Here are Borne of my prices: ll'ix-'J'i, 4c each;
2J-_4Vi 3%x3% and 3Vi_.4};. _c; 4xo and a.ix
5%. 6c: 6x7. 10c. .-':.
THAT MAN PITTS.
3 OPS Market St.. San Francisco. j
CVKO PHOTO
PRINTING PAPER.
A developing. paper and prints by artificial
light. Sample dozen of any size up to ;
and including 4x5 15e
A full assortment of Kodak Mounts and
Album*.
PHOTO PLATES.
8*4x41,;. 40c box; 4x6. 55c; 5x7, $1.
ALL THE LATEST
MAGAZINES AND PERIODICALS.
THAT MAN PITTS.
lOCS Market st.. San Francisco. i
VERI TONE— A new developing paper, with
1000 per cent latitude; gives a great variety
of tones. For samcles. write
THE ARTURA PHOTO PAPER CO..
819 Market ft.. Han Francisco.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
part four y<ars at 115-11J Mason st. now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
ea;»s cured by Chinese herbs. 74f>-8 Clay st.
PAI.VTIXG AND PAPEUHANGING.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 75,000 rolls wallpa-
per, fee up. Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented; U. S. and foreign
patent laws. F. P. MEDINA. 632 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye.. 643 — 3 la%e unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. Apply 642 Grove st. :
BRYANT. 441 — Two or three sunny front rooms
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
BUCHANAN. 005, near Hayes — Several nice
housekeeping rooms; neatly furnished; also
other rooms.
BRYANT. 421 — Sunny rooms for housekeeping;
nicely furnished.
CALIFORNIA 1502^2, cor. Larkin — Nice front
sunny rooms; running water; large closets;
convenient kitchen. -. ' : --'
CLEVELAND, 12 — Nice furnished housekeep-
ing suites for $9 per month; also furnished
Fingle looms, $5 month; all conveniences.
CLEVELAND. 12 — Nice housekeeping rooms.
$5 per mo. ; all conveniences; sunny all day.
BRYANT. 511 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
BRYANT 011 — Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms.
BRODERICK. 11, near Halght — Cozy house-
keeping rooms: neatly furnished; regular
kitchen; rent low.
BRYANT, 511 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
CENTRAL aye., 7S_; near McAllister — Sunny,
large, new bay- window rooms: kitchen, laun-
dry, bath, light, he-at, fuel, phone, etc.; $18;
near park.
CALIFORNIA, 1502Vi. corner Larkin — Fine,
furnished', sunny housekeeping rooms to let.
CABTRO. l«20 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping.
CASTRO. 590 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
DEVISADERO, 262, near Halght— Nice eunny
furnished rooms, complete for housekeeping;
reasonable rates. \u25a0
DOLORES, 7d2. nr. 20th— 2 suites front rooms.;
gas range, bath, hot and cold water; laundry.
ELLIS, XM — Nicely furnished rooms to let for
housekeeping; bath, gas, phone; from $10
per month up.
ELLIS. 1403 — One front room tdt a gentleman.
ELLIS. ISOS — Sunny Housekeeping rooms, com-
pletely furnished; running water, gas range,
etc.: $12, $15 per. month.
EDDY, 514 — Fine furnished housekeeping
rooms; coal range; large kitchen; reasonable.
KLLIS, K»2 — 1/arge sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water, gas range, etc.; $25.
ELLIS'. JOC1 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; aif«> single rooms; within,
walking . distance.
ELLIS, 1165 — Nice, gunny, furnished rooms for
housekeeping ;running water; reasonable rent.
EDDY. 514 — Nice furnished rooms for house-
keeping; large sunny kitchen.
EDDY. <>'J2 — Neatly furnished rooms, with or
without housekeeping privileges; gas, bath,
rihone.
EDDY, 333 — All kinds of rooms: housekeeping
or single; sunny.
EDDY, 435 — Neatly furnished housekeeping-
rooms' to let.
ETJDY. 510^ — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
EIGHTH, 122, 1?£ blocks from City Hall—
Nicely furnished front suite for housekeep-
ing; also single room; gas, bath, phone; reas.
EDDY, 514 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, with very large kitchen.
EDDY, (SO — Nicely furnished housekeeping
single rooms, with sun and . pleasant sur-
roundlncs.
EDDY, 421 — Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms.
EDDY, D 15 — Furnished rooms, suitable for
light housekeeping; reasonable.
EDDY, 332 — Rooms $16 per month; gas range;
water; room for 2 ladles, $10.
FOURTH. 225 — 2 nice housekeeping . rooms.
FOLSOM, 834 — Light housekeeping room for
couple.
FULTON. 23 — Nice furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; pas and bath; $12 per mo.
FELL, 156 — Nicely furnished double parlors
and housekeeping rooma; running water;
cooking gas, etc.
FRANKLIN, 1450 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping in sunny comer house; rent reason-
able; also single rooms.
FELL, ICO — Nicely furnished housekeeping
room*: water, gas, etc.
FILLMORE. 1410^ — Sunny, unfurnished, front
rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FIRST. 323— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
FIRST. 51ft— Double or single rooms; also
housekeeping rooms. '
FELL, IIS — 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping; also
single . room?, furnished.
FULTON, 25, near City Hall— Nio- sunny
housekeeping suites; cas, etc.
FOLSOM. 1415. near Tenth— Large, sunny
room, complete for housekeeping; gas and
bath; also 2 other rooms.
FELL. . 156 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
tmcb*; ru&aias w_Urj ooaltiny ga*.
-\u25a0'•\u25a0^ '\u25a0-'\u25a0"> ••\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 • -.-..• _« \u25a0N \u25a0 - \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0- -\u25a0.-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKEJ3PIXG — Con.
FRANKLIN. 1450^-Furnlshed housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms; sunny corner house;
reduced rent. - • •\u25a0 • \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0 '
FRANKLIN. 409— Sunny furnished housekeep-
Ing rooms ; new flat. •
FOLSOM, 780 — Famished housekeeping rooms
to let; moderate. - \u25a0 ______
GEARY, I_73 — Fine sunify front suite com-
plete for housekeeping: unexcelled nelghbor-
hood; private family; only $20 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 372 — Furnished parlor
floor, family; piano optional; laundry, stove,
storage, yard. - \u25a0 •\u25a0 . - • .
GEARY. 841, near Hyde— Nice furnished
housekeeping rooms; 'gas range, laundry", etc.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 530— Unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, single or en suite. \u25a0*\u25a0
GUERRERO, 1197 — Sunny furnished house-
keeplng rooms; ?12 to $15. **
GEARY, 368— Duoble and single suites; also
housekeeping rooms.
GEARY, I>64— Housekeeping and furnished
rooms; suites or single; baths free.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 626— Large, sunny, fur-
nlshcd housekeeping rooms to let; gas range,
bath, etc.; also single rooms.
GOUGH, 1201. corner O'Farrell (Earlcliff)—
Nice, sunny front housekeeping rooms, sln-
gle and in suites. -
GEARY, 1225 — Finely furnished large front
suites complete for housekeeping, baths and
all conveniences: also other rooma at very
reasonable rates.
HAIGHT, 226 — Neat and convenient furnished
rooms, complete for | housekeeping.
HOWARD, 823 — Large sunny fur. room: light
hskpg.; couple. 2 or 3 work, girls; $3 50 wk.
HOWARD. 1130U — Housekeeping rooms. 2 or
3, bath. gas. tubs; other rooms; priv. family.
HOWARD, 2381— Sunny, well furnished suite;
to adults, $10; 3 rooms. $15; all conveniences.
HAIGHT, 71C — Nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; all conveniences; rea-
sonable rent.
HAIGHT, 100% — Elegant rooms situated on
eunny corner; completely furnished for house-
keeping.
HARRISON, 1132 A —Nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; private house; rent re&s.
. HOWARD, 617 — Housekeeping and single
rooms to let; all conveniences.
HOWARD, S42 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
HYDE, 408— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
HOWARD, 1130>4— Bunny housekeeping rooms,
bath and stationary waehtube.
HAIGHT, 234, corner Buchanan — Nice, unfur-
nished, eunny housekeeping rooms; \ grand
view; bath, laundry.
HAVES, 334 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
gas range, bath, phone; $18.
HAIGHT, 222^ — Housekeeping rooms to let;
yard.
HOWARD. 719% — Two or three clean, sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 606 — Large, sunny rront rooms, $4
month up; private; refined.
HYDE, 412^ — Double, single and housekeeping
rooms to let.
HYDE, lOCS— Housekeeping rooms; also other
rooms; sunny. \u25a0-«•.'/-
JESSIE. 323 — Very sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping, gas range, sink. $2 75 week.
JACKSON, 1609, near Polk — Nice, eunny, new-
ly furnished rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; gas range; $14 to $18.
JESSIE, 439 — Completely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
JONES, SOl, cor. Eddy — Elegant eunny rooms;
$20 per month; references,
LARKIN 433 — Nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for light housekeeping: moderate rates.
LARKIN, 1042 — For rent, sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN. 433 — Neatly furnished rooms to let
for housekeeping; convenient.
LARKIN, 2402, corner Filbert — 2 or 3 bay-win-
dow, sunny, furnished, connecting hskpg.
rooms; fine view; good location; very reas.
LARKIN. 025% — Clean and sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; also 6unny front single rooms;
reaaonable. \u25a0
LYON, SOO, corner Golden Gate aye. — Beautiful
housekeeping rooms; sunny; gas range; all
conveniences ; $16.
LARKIN, 513A — Sunny ; housekeeping rooma;
quiet family. - '
LARKIN. 819% — Large sunny alcove rooma
for housekeeping: reasonable.
LARKIN. 1002 — Housekeeping and single rooms
. to let. v
LEAVENWORTH. 2135 — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MARTHA place 3, off Geary, near Mason-
Nicely furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms; use of large yard.
MASON, 612 — Neat furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; reasonable.
McALLISTER, 405, cor. Polk — Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; single or en suite;
reasonable.
McALLISTER 617 — Neatly furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms. $11 to $10 per month;
running water; comfortable single rooms $S.
MINNA, 281. cor. 4th— Sunny front housekeep-
lng and single rooms; reaaonable.
MINNA, 458% — 2 housekeeping rooms; suitable
for ?• gentlemen. .
MISSION, 6G9, near Second — Large, front room
\u25a0 and kitchen for housekeeping; coal stove and
running water; also large housekeeping room.
MISSION, 1220 — Fine furnished large sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping; running
water; reasonable. _^
MISSION, 1803 A, cor. 14th — Nicely furnished
sunny bay-window housekeeping rooms; com-
plete with gas range, bath. etc. ; reasonable.
MARKET, 1027% — Nice front suite of house-
keeping rooms with gas; other rooms; light
housekeeping.
MARKET, 2548, near Sixteenth— Nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms for housekeeping; new
flat; private family. \u25a0 _\u25a0
McALLISTER, 610— Nicely furnished, con-
veniently located rooms for housekeeping;
gas and bath: rent $12. "
MISSION, 1349 — Sunny front "suite of house-
keeping rooms, coal stove, large yard; $12.
MASON, B_T». near Pine — Fine large sunny
suites, complete, new, modern, $25. - \u25a0
McALLISTER. 748— Nice housekeeping rooms
to let. .
McALLISTER, 8O2 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
MINNA." 281. cor.' Fourth — Furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; also nice front and
single rooms to let; reasonable.
MINNA, €82— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let.
MISSION. 038 — Neatly furnished light sunny
housekeeping rooms to let.
MISSION, 048%— Housekeeping and single
rooms to let; $1 25 week and up.
McALLISTBR. 677 — Nice, new. single house-
keeping rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION. 1803 A, corner Fourteenth — Nice,
sunny, front, bay-window rooms ; rent reas;.
MISSION, 1017— Clean, well ventilated, sunny
rooms fum.hskpg.; porch; single room.
MISSION. 1251%, corner Ninth— 3 sunny cor-
ner rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas
range; $16.
MISSION. 1038 — Completely furnished house-
keeping rooma to let.
MISSION, 1129 — Large connecting suites for
housekeeping. ' \u25a0 \u25a0 .. __^
MISSION, 1444— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let. . - r ' \u25a0 .'.•.--
MARKET. 1027%— Nicely furn., aunny rms.;
suitable for light hkpg; with gas stoves.
NINTH. 453— Housekeeping rooms; sunny; gas,
water; good order. r> _^
NINTH, 124— Large front bay window suite
for housekeeping: gas stove; grate, , sl6.
OAK, 117, or 14 Page — Complete for house-
keeping; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adults.
OAK. 40<)B — Unfurnished rooms, suitable for
• housekeeping In nice, sunny modern flat .
O'FARRELL. 1395— Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms to let; $15 and $22 50
. pcr \u25a0 month. * r ".'\u25a0••'\u25a0'. -; .'
OCTAVIA. 65, comer Halght— Nicely furnished
front housekeeping rooms; every con\-enlence;
reasonable.) ,
O'FARRELL. 1626—2 very desirable front,
eunny rooms, with kitchen, gas range, bath. .
OCTAVIA, 1403 — Nicely , furnished or unfur-
nished sunny rooms for housekeeping; stu-
dents preferred; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 504— Nicely furnished eunny
rooms; running water In every room.
O'FARRELL, 776— Large sunny front alcove
, rooms; housekeeping; comfortable; conve-
• nient.' '"\u25a0" - ' •.— \u25a0-- •;.-.'' : \u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0:\u25a0- \u25a0_\u25a0
O'FARRELL, ; 834^-Ntcely furnished . front
housekeeping rooms; bath; phone; $12 50. \u25a0
O'FARRELL.- 873 — Nicely fnrnlshed sunny
: . housekeeping rooms. -- 1 . ' . ... «
OCTAVIA. 1232— Nicely furnished housekeeping
tn&coiH. bath : *-». phone; ; reasonable
ROOMS FOR HOPSEK EEPING---^Coib j
O'FARRELL, 410— Newly furnished sunny
rooms for housekeeping; grate, gas, bath,
running water; other' rooms. .
O'FARRELL Sl2— Sunny connecting unfur-
nished housekeeping rooma; separate en-
trance. . -
PAGE, SiO— Nicely furnished rooms, suitable
for light housekeeping; sun ' all day; reason-
able rates. ' .
PINE, IS3o— Comfortably furn. large sunny
rms.; modern new flat; housekpg. or en suite.
POLK, 601— One front room - for light house-
keeplng; or milUble for two gentlemen.
PINB, 1310— Fine furnished roome for house-
keeping; neat and sunny; very reasonable.
POLK. 1017— Nice, newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; running water, bath, phone.
PAGE* 147— Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; phone, .ga_: reasonable.
POLK, 821, corner Geary— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms on first floor; also single
room, suitable for gentleman.
POWELL, 1424 — Nice furnished housekeeping
rooms. : •
POLK. 30}— Two or three nice sunny unfur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping. -
POLK, 1143— Neatly furnished, sunny from
rooms; j>hone, bath, piano; reasonable rates.
POLK 1018— Sunny front roomB ; gas range,
bath; no objection to children. r
POST, 418 — Elegantly furnished rooms; also
housekeeping apartment-.
POLK, 601— One front alcove room for hou_«-
\u25a0 keeping. ' -
STEVENSON, 255— Housekeeping rooms, stin-
ny. $1 75 week; also single rooms, $1 20 week.
STOCKTON, NW. cor. Filbert— 2 nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON, 255— Rooms to let cheap; $1 25
week; also housekeeping rooms.
SHOTWELL, 105, corner Fifteenth— Several
nice sunny housekeeping rooms in new flat;
reasonable.
SILVER, 35— Nicely furnished nous-keeping
rooms; private family.
SHARON. 04— Furnished housekeeping rooms
to let; cheap. •
SECOND, 212 — Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooma to le^. .'
SECOND. 231— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms to let. \u25a0 .
STEVENSON, 405, cor. sth. nr. Market — Com-
plete housekeeping rooms; running water;
rent cheap.
SUTTER, 871 — Nicely furnished rooms com- j
plete for housekeeping, either etngle or al-
cove suites; aun all day. \u25a0
SUTTER. 2302 — Elegantly furnished eunny
ouites for housekeeping; regular kitchen;
phone; piano; reasonable.
SIXTH, 893 — Nicely furnished sunny bay win-
dow room* for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month. -
SIXTH. 436% — Nicely furnished ilngle or
double rooms complete for light housekeep-
lng; nice quiet family; rent very reasonable.
STEVENSON, 406, oor. Fifth— 2 nice sunny
rooms to let, with or without housekeeping.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3305, near Mission — Two
small roomn. $10, with gas; 2 front rooms.
• running water, cheap.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 8344. cor. Capp — 3 furnlsh-
\u25a0 ed housekeeping rooms; $12.
TAYLOR, 1807 — Several furnished connecting
rooms; private; southern expoeure; bath;
reasonable: phone Bast 4757. *\u25a0
TURK, 834 — Nloely furnished, large, sunny
alcove suite; running water; gas range, etc.;
reasonable. / »
TEHAMA, 321 — Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ___^_^_______________
TURK 211 — Newly furnished rooms, single or
en suite, with use of kitchen; $12 up.
TURK. 411^-Clean. sunny, furnished rooms for
. housekeeping: gas range, bath; other nice
rooms from $8 up. •
TWELFTH. 11C — Comfortably furnished house-
keeping rooms to let. \u25a0
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174 — Nice, sunny house-
koeplng rooms to let. -
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3305 — Nice furnished
rooms for housekeeping. * \u25a0-
TURK, 802— Nice and convenient furnished
rooms complete for hou3ekeeping; gas range,
I water t etc.: reasonable rent.
TURK 1159 — Nice front suite for light house-
keeping in new modern flat; also fine single
rooms at very reasonable rates; single room*
desirable for students who can have board
if desired: nice quiet family.
THIRD, So4\s — Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms to let'at reasonable rates. \u25a0
TENTH. 102— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; suites $12 per month.
Single ' furnished rooms $6 per month.
TURK, 816 — Parlor floor, 4 rooms, furnished,
for housekeeping; private. -
TEHAMA, 3—43 — 4 housekeeplng j rooms; business
location; rent cheap. ..'.
TWENTIETH, 2609, ' cor. Valencia — Nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; regular
kitchen. ' •
\ VALENCIA. 910 — Nloely furnished housekeep-
lntf rooms. ;
VAN NESS aye., 2551— Unfurnished housekeep-
lng rooms to let.
VAN NESS aye., 579^ — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, with or without housekeeping prlv-
Ileges: $7 up. -
VAN NESS aye.. 71!S — Nicely furnished elngU
rooms at $8 per month; also other rooms at
reasonable rates. ' '
VAN NESS aye., 519— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping from $7 up
per month. • . -
VALENCIA. 223— Large front bar window al-
. cove, sunny, neatly furnished, large kitchen
complete for housekeeping; ga» range; phone;
very reasonable; adults. \u25a0
HOPS~_B«_
NEW 4-story .corner apartment-house: sunny
side* open for" lnspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electric lights,
etc. Apply 231 9th St.. opp.: tel. Howard 2670.
A — KENILWORTH, cor. Bush, Powell — 3-room
sunny aparts. ; single rooms: modern; reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments. 1360 Pine, near Hyde
—2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
RANDALL Apartments, 120 Pierce st. — * un-
furnlshed rooms; exceptional: only 2 left.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnr.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN.
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth sts.,
In the heart of the city.
800 rooms; 100 baths.
Modern in every detail. • '.
Rates $3 to $15 per week.
Rooms, with Drivate bath, $1 day,
- Tourist travel. solicited. :
. ASH WORTH ; HOTEL.
620 Mason st., bet. Geary one O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition ju«t completed; entire bom*
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
250 to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. -
ASH aye.. 22; near . Polk — Pleasant, . suany
- room; quiet, private family; $7; central.
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore; 2, en-
trances, 1128 Market and 21 Turk— BJectrlc
lights, running water in every . room; 200
rooms; 25c to COc per night, $1 25 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel, 1126 Howard st. — 100 rooms;
new housa; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH, 1940 — Nicely furnished rooms suitable
for, two or three gentlemen; * sunny: and
pleasant; reasonable. —
BUSH. . C-43— Very desirable furnished rooms;
single op ;\u25a0 en - suite; ; private : bath. '
BUSH, 855— Neatly. furnished, convenient
rooms from $4 to $10 per month; bath, yard;
centrally located.
BRODERICK. 1618, near Sutter— Nicely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms in new flat; running
water, etc. ;. $10 per ; month. .
BUSH, 643 — Nice furnished rooms, elngle and
- en .suite; private ; bath; desirable.
BRYANT, 622— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
' reasonable charges. .
BIRCH aye.. 527— Nice 'furnished rooms, with
; gas, etc., . $5 per month. :
BROADWAY. 934— Large sunny furnished room
, with grate to : let.
BUSH, 753* reßr house — Nice sunny furnished
rooms from $5 month up. . \u25a0; : ' '
BAKER, 047— Newly and } - nicely furnished
rooms • for rent; :: sunny * front; i gas, ' bath,
phone;.very, reasonable; small private family.-
BUSH, 855 — Nicely furnished rooms, from $4 to
. $10; , homelike;; bath; '.yard; ; central. '
BUSH, • 643— Nicely furnished rooms, single or
•en : suite, with private \ bath; \u25a0 very desirable.
BUSH. 1633 — Handsomely furnished rooms in
new upper flat; bath; phone; $15.'
BUSH. ' 1738- : -2 'newly furnished * sunny, rooms,"
en suite or single;; mod. ; : breakfast optional. :
BUSH. 753, *> In ' reap— Nice -' sunny rooms, . fur-
nished; to '"» '* J lfflf t ß l WW^ff>WifHHß-'lltltffl^*B^
CLEMENTINA, 1 23— 2 upper' and 5 lower sun-
.. Ny, furnished . rooms : to let.', . ;' \u25a0 \u25a0-, •\u25a0;•--;.\u25a0 - . -
CALIFORNIA. 1424— Sunny front furnished
r- rooms to let; all new -
irr*lrSft*f _flri*^"PTTWi \u25a0»faiYniT— ,fl_«i_riT-i Awi.fi ni" \u25a0 \u25a0*
CALIFORNIA. 1619, near Polk— Nice aunny
rooms; gas,' bath, closets,, phone, etc.; $5
and $6 per month.
CENTRAL aye., 730-734, near McAllister—
Elegant sunny parlors at $2 50 per week;
bath, laundry. - closets, phone, piano.
CENTRAL aye.. 645. Alameda— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms to let.
CLARA. 150^ — Conveniently located furnished
rooms to let. •
CALIFORNIA. 1619, near Polio— Neat, sunny
rooms; running water,- closets, gas, bath.
phone; $5 and $6 month.
CALIFORNIA. 1254— Nloely furnished rooms;
running water, bath, phone;* no sign.
CITY HALL aye.. 83— Neatly furnished rooms;
rent reasonable.
CAPP, 614, near Twenty-first — Sunny single
rooms; rent from $5 to $g 60 per month.
CHURCH, 349 — Several nice unfurnished rooms
to let.
CALIFORNIA aVe., 61— Nicely furnished
rooms to let.
CENTRAL aye.. 643. Alameda— Choice fur-
nished rooms to let.
CLEMENTINA. 428 — Several unfurnished
rooms to let.
DALE place, 9% — Nice furnished eunny rooms
to let; reasonable. -^
DEVISADERO. 1814— Nicely furnished- sunny
rms.; up-to-date flat; private family; reas.
ELLIS. B— gunny furnished rooms;, reaaopble.
ELLIS, 678 — Nicely furnished sunny alcove
rooms; $15 and $18; housekeeping optional.
EDDY. 878 — A modern flat: newly furnished; 2
or 3 room suite; single rooms; beautiful house-
keeplng rooms; plenty of light and sunshine.
EDDY! 445 — 2 single sunny back rooms; newly
furnished; suitable for gentlemen; reasonable.
EDDY, 1803 — Sunny front rooms; running
water, bath; 1 or 2 gentlemen.
EDDY, 118— Newly furnished eingle and house-
keeplng rooms; $8 and up.
ELLIS, 1112— Newly furnished sunny rooms to
let, with bath, running water, eto.
ELLIS, 1507 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms to
let; reasonable.
EDDY. 013 — Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
all conveniences; walking distance.
ELLIS, 1160— Good furnished rooms to let;
reasonable rates.
EDDY, 118— Neatly furnished and convenient
rooms from $8 up. j
EDDY. 210^ — Nice sunny well furnished parlot
to let.
ELLIS, 678 — Neatly furnished alcove rooms,
$15 to $18 per month; housekeeping privileges
if desired. \u25a0
EDDY, 618 — Nice, sunny rooms with running
water; with or without board; $7 up.
ELLIS, ' 18 — Rooms, rooms, roome, by day,
*2 wetk or month. ;'-. ".',>;\u25a0
EAST. 210, b«t. Howard and Folsom— Fur-
nlshed rooms to let.
ELLIS,' 927 — Sunny furnished room for gentle-
man; references wanted.
FOLSOM. 620— Nice furnished rooms; single
and en suite; fine house, with large grounds;
housekeeping privileges If desired.
FOLSOM, 2666 — Sunny front room to rent; Mls-
slon warm belt: $2 B0 per week.
FULTON, 124^ — Fine, newly furnished, sunny
rooms; sii.gle or en suite; gas. bath, phone.
FOLEOM. 620 — Nfewly furnished suites an« sin-
gle; fine house; large grounds; housekeeping
allowed.
FULTON, 231— Single rooms: all Improve -
ments; gentlemen; walking distance Market.
FRANKLIN, 27— Large room; running water,
gss; suitable for 2; ladles or gentlemen.
FRANKLIN, 1535 — Nicely furnished room in a
new flat: reasonable.
FRAINKLIN, 1455 — Furnished rooms to let; $6
to $15. "
FRANKLIN. 1539— Large, newly fuAiished
annny room; large closet; running water.
FIFTEENTH, 1927 — One furnished front room
to let. .
FOURTEENTH, 467 — Nicely furnished rooms
in new, modern flat; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 1456 — Nicely furnished rooms to
let from $6 to $15 per month.
FOLSOM, 1279 — Nicely furnished rooms to let,
with all conveniences; reasonable.
FOURTH, 216 — Nicely furnished single sunny
rooms. $1 25, $1 50 per week.
FOLSOM, 1716 — Nice rooms to let; completely
furnished; moderate rent.
FOURTH, 162 — Nicely furnished rooms to let,
from $1 per week and up.
FOL6OM. 1647 — Nicely furnished room to let,
with or without breakfast, for 1 or 2 gentle-
men; private family. -
GOLDEN "GATE 1402 — Furnished rooms, t>rl-
vatrt house; reasonable: convenient to four
car lines. / . \u25a0
GE/RT. C 91 — Finely furnished suite of rooms;
also single. -
GROVE, 63S — Furnished roome for working
people » quiet place; rent $5 and $6.
HAIGHT, SKI — Nice aunny rooma; alngle- or
en suite.
GEARY. 691— Nicely furnished light, clean
rooms; $1 75. $2 week.
GOLDEN- GATE aye.. 303— Nicely furnished
rooma to let.
GRAND Pacific Hotel, 1014 Kearny St.— New
house* alt modern conveniences; rooms by day
3So up; by week $2 up; open all night.
GEARY, 876 — Rooms to let; elngle, double and
en suite; rents reasonable. ,
GOLDEN GATE aye., 525 — Neat furnished
rooms to let. ' -
GREEN, 1221 — Nice, comfortable fnrnlshed
rooms to let. '
GEARY. 651 — Elegantly furnished rooma and
•cite ; new, modern house; private.
GEARY, 651 — Elegant furnished rooms In new
modern flat; private family.
GEARY, 736— Elegantly furnished suites or
Blngle rooms; $10 and up; housekeeping If
desired.
GEARY. 1060— Newly furnished sunny front
suites, with large closets, bath, eto.; prtvaU
family; nice neighborhood; reasonable rent.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1402— Nicely furnished
rooms In private* house; reasonable rates;
ccnvenlent to four car lints. \u25a0 # '
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st. — Choice rooma
.by day, week or month ; central location.
GEARY, 667— Nicely furnished single and
double room*; sunny; reasonable. .
HOTEL Hamilton and cafe. 125 Ellis bet.
Powell & Mason sts., S. F-— Rms $1 to $3 per
day; steam beat & telephone in each room.
HARRIET. 85. off Sixth — Light room; 1 gentle-
- man; $6 a month. '
HYDE, • 416 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms with all conveniences; also side rooms;
rent reasonable. *
HAMPSHIRE, 814A — Neatly furnished rooms
; to let; reasonable.'
HARRISON". 872— Nicely furnished convenient
rooms to let. \u25a0
HARRISON. 669— JMce furnished roomt to let;
rates reasonable. .
HARRISON", 002 — Furnished rooms to let; all
conveniences. * . .
HARRISON.. 1443— Nice furnished rooma to let;"
rent moderate. .
HARRISON, 2619, near Twenty-second— Fur-
rished rooms to let. . .
HAVES. 447— Furnished rooms to let.
HAVES 601 — Several nice unfurnished room.
to letl
HICKORY aye.. 238— Neatly furniahed , rooms
to let. \u25a0' \u25a0 - --'-;:.•\u25a0•\u25a0
HICKORY aye., 251 — Completely furniahed
rcoms-to let. .\u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0 - '
HYDE* 1300— Furnished rooms to let; private
house; all conveniences.
HYDE, 1111— Very comfortable aunny fur-
nlshed rooms; $9, $15. .
HOWARD. 2509. corner 31st— Large sunny
bay-window rooms. : with or without board.
HAIGHT, - 234, corner Buchanan — Two unfur-
v nlshed - sunny - rooms; . one alone; good view.
HYDE, 528— Nicely furnished rooms to let;
reasonable." -
HAIGHT, 226% — Newly furnished, sunny rooms;
- gas, bath, etc.: - * -^ .
HAIGHT. 403 — Fine -sunny front rooms to let
:-. t«r gents \u25a0 only, : $5, \u25a0 $7 • and $10. '• with grate,
bath. * \u25a0-- -:'"-\u25a0'.:\u25a0 .-
HAVES. 1694 — Sunny 'front jrooms; newly fur-
-% nlfhed: $6 to $S month; board. lf. desired.
HOWARD, 2381— $11: furnished suite to adults
;: or 3 unfurnished, with bath, yard; basement.
' HOWARD, 1136— Completely furnished rooms
to let; reasonable.
HOWARD, 111381 1138— Neat," comfortable y furnished
rooms tp v let. •;--}. -^ : ': ...
HOWARD. 1506— Comfortably furnished rooma
to le«»
ROOMS TO_ET~j_pra_^SLJ-J!^ ?>
HYDE, HOC corner California-Suite
frcnt rooms. $13: lower flat, unfurnished. *-t.
furnished rooms. $7. .
HOWARD. 1533— Sunny furnished rooms to
let: .$6 per month and up. . \u25a0
HOWARD. 1634— Nicely furnished, convenient
looms to let. '\u25a0 ' --
HOWARD. 625— G00d furnished rooms; reason-
able^ \u25a0' \ ;
HOWARD. 821— Nice, convenient furnished
rooms to let. ' -\u25a0 : ' .
HARRIET. 35, near Sixth— Single room for one
man. $1 60 per week. .
JONES. 711 (Berkshire)— Elegant furnished
suites, with all modern conveniences; single
rooms, with bath, gas, phone, etc. i
JONES. 1223— Elegant furnished rooma. sunny
and in choice neighborhood; unexcelled marine
view; references required.
JESSIE. 620— Sunny rooms: reasonable; light
housekeeping permitted. .
JONES. 307— Nice furnished rooms to let at
reasonable rates. ,
JONES, 444. near Ellis— Nicely furnished sunny
looms; gas, bath, etc .
JCNES. 1011— Nicely furnished rooms to let;"
rateg reasonable. > *
JONES. 522— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for genUemen: also single rooms; at
- reasonable ratea. <
JONES 1223 — Fine furnished sunny rooms,
with excellent marine view; references re-
\u25a0 quired.
JACKSON 1575 (St. Louis)— Fine apartments
to let, furnished; also unfurnished rooms;
nice marine view; phone East 1350.
JESSIE. 4S»4— Sunny, convenient furnished
rooms to let.
JESSIE, 70— Furnished rooms to let; aunny
and convenient. :
JONES, B22 — Large 6unny rooms, with bath;
suitable for two gents; also eingle. rooms.
JONES, 1316 — Two fine sunny unfurnished
rooms; reasonable.
KEARNY. 207— Furn. apts.; single and desira-
ble front suite; clean, quiet.' homelike; reaa.
KEARNY. 323 — 3 rooms or first floor, fur-
nished or unfurnished; suitable for business.
KEARNY. 238 — Handsomely furnished suits*
and single rooms; special to visiting trans-
ients ; cars pass door; single rooma with run-
ning water, gas, etc., from $1 60 per week
up. ]
KEARNY. 238 (The Adelene)— Nicely furnished
rooms; gas, running water. $1 50 week up.
KEARXY. 215— Front rooms, nloely furnished:
\ also other rooms; rent reasonable.
KEaRNY, 229 — Sunny rooms, en suit* or stn-
gle; rent reasonable. Phone Black 4443.
KEARNY. 305 — Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
LARKIN, 625% — Elegantly furnished front
parlors: cheerful and sunny; also single
rooms suitable for gentlemen.
LARKIN, 819H— Sunny front room, suitable
for lady or gentleman. $S per month. - •>"
LEAVENWORTH. 809— Fine furnished rooms
for $S and $10 per month; also large front
bay-window room with running water. $12.
LEXINGTON aye.. 135. bet. 18th and 19th—
Nicely furnished room in Mission warm belt;
rent very reasonable : quiet family.
LARKIN, 625H— Finely furnished front parlor
suites: also nice sunny single rooma: suit-
able for gentlemen; .reasonable. .* ,'
LINDEN aye., 344 — Furnished rooms; all con-
veniences and reasonable.
LARKIN, Sl£H£ — Nice sunny room.; gentleman
preferred; very reasonable.
LARKIN. 819% — Nice, newly renovated rooms;
suitable for gentlemen.
LEAVENWORTH. 820. nr. Sutter— Nice fur-
nlshed rooms at reasonable rates; single or
en suite. •\u25a0.\u25a0.%:
LARKIN. 625% — Elegant front, sunny parlor
suites; aunny single room, suitable for gen-
tlemen; reasonable.
LARKIN, 513 A — Nicely furnished; sunny
rooms ; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 2116 — Convenient, nicely furnished
rooms to let. "*\u25a0 \u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0:.'
LEAVEXWORTH. 1333, cor. Washington —
Furnished or partly furnished rooms.
LILY aye.. 83 — Furnished rooms to let: eunny;
convenient; reasonable.
LOVELY rooms: some housekeeping: Dwlght
way house; strlctlv high grade; Key route
sta. "W. 8. Joy. 2122 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
McALLISTER. 443. bet. Polk and Van Ness
aye. — Nicely furnished rooms; good location;
$1 50 per week.
MISSION. 823 — Sunny furnished room. \u25a0 "\u25a0 \u25a0' "*:
MISSION. 1220— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
from $1 25 per week and up. \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0 -
METROPOLITAN HOTEL. 129 Third st.— loo
single and family rooms. Ssc to $1 60 per
Cay; $2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives free baths and ele-
vator day and nlrht to its guests.
MCALLISTER. 443. bet. Polk and Van Ness—
Nicely furnished sunny rooms; $1 SO week.
McALLISTER. 651 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms, either single or double, from $7 to
$8 60 per month.
MISSION, 1209, near Ninth— Newly furniahe-
front rooms; bath; every accommodation.
MISSION', 1138 — Nicely furnished single rooms
to let.
MISSION, 1226 — Nice large furnished room-
to let. .
MISSION, 1444 — Nloely furnished sunny rooms
to let. '•
MISSION". ?539— G00d fnrnlshed rooma to let.
MISSISSrPPI. 339— Furnished rooms to let at
reasonable rates.
MORSE. 25 — Furnished rooma to let.
NATOMA, 38 — Neat furnished rooms to let;
convenient location.
NATOMA. 241— Furnished rooma to let; $1
per week and up.
McALLISTER and Laguna (St. Jamea>— Nice
sunny rooms to let. from $10 up.
MINNA. 111%— Furnished rooms to let at very
reasonable rates.
MINNA. 925. upstairs — Completely furnished
rooms to let.
MIS3ION. 1032— Nicely furnished rooma to
let; reasonable.
MISSION. 1055 — Nicely furnished rooms; run-
ning'— attr; $1 75 to $2 60 week.
MISSION. 1069 — Comfortable and convenient
rooms to let.
MISSION. 2472— Furnished rooms for fsatle-
men in private family.
McALLISTER, 651 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms, single or double; $7 and $8 80 month.
MISSION. 207t» — Newly furnished *unny rooms
to let by • the week or month; reasonable.
McALLISTER. 412^ — Rooms for rent with sun-
shlna and fresh air; flat 6.
MISSION. 818 (Imperial)— Nicely furnished
rooms to let; day. week or month. '
MISSION, 816%— Nicely furnished rooms; Iran-
slent. or by week or month; reasonable.
MARKET. 1437%— Nicely furnished convenient
rooms to let.
MASON. 1818 — Completely furnished rooms to
let; convenient.
MARKET. 1802. corner Van Nees aye. — Fin*
view; furnished and housekeeping rooma.
MISSION, 1653% — Newly furnished rooms, en
suite or single; private house; board optional.
MISSION. 2679— Fine furnished, sunny rooma
In the warm belt; to let by week or month;
reasonable rates.
McALLISTER, 4433. near Van Ness — Nicety
furnished front rooms $8 to $10 per month.
McALLISTER. 692— Nicely furnished front
sunny rooms; bath, gas; $8. $12 and $IS.
McALLISTER. 1002—2 or 8 corner bay-window
rooms; sun all day; suitable for doctor or
dentist.
NATOMA. 514A — Furnished rooma to l«t.
NATOMA.', 762— Neat and comfortable for-
nlshed rooms to let..
NINTH. 142— Two single rooms, suitable for
gentlemen. .
NINTH, 377— Sunny furnished rooms to let-
reasonable rates. "\u25a0\u25a0.•'.
NINTH, : 124-^Large room." arranged for Heht
housekeeping: gas plate, grate: $10 month.
O-FARRELL. 317%— Nicely furnished suites"
and single rooms: centrally located- con-
venient; rates reasorable.'
O'FARRELL. 317%-Flne furnished roonw :
3r a w> °u ean and BUnny: alt conv en«ences; from
O'FARRELL. _2009-Flne furnished rooms-
suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen; running water'
bath, phone, etc. ; reasonable. wr>
OFARRELL. 720 (Alcalde)— 2. 8. 4or 5 roomed"
apartments; electric lights, elevator" pl?vate
_»th_. laundry aad aU.modwa conv«_S__c«_!
ROOMS TO LET— Fora- »«•«* Un *!_s?!
O-FARRITLL. ItOC-Elegantly -furnished ««»•
In corner fiat; also housekeeping..
O'FARRELL. 1289-Nic* largo furnished
rooms to let. -
O'FARRELL. 1773— Nicely furoished rooms m
choice locality. ___________—_--—
OLTVE aye.. 50O— Fine furnished rooms to
let: charges reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 826— Nice, clean, light furnished
rooms in basement: S5. ___
O'FARRELL. 908— Rooms. $3 and $10: also 1
housekeeping room. $12: phone. ba>n.
OTARRELL. 317H-See these « n % ™™ :
neat, clean and sunny: phone, etc. ..»- <*> up.
O'FARRELU 419— Large, sunny room: open
grate: closet; reasonable: also large, dry
basement for storage: reasonable.
CrFARRKLU Cl2— Sunny front bay-window
roomTneVly furnished; bath, grate, phone;
$14. $16: single or suite.
O'FARRELL. 20C9— Nice desirable furnished
rocrna tolet in good neighborhood: running
water, bath, phone; reasonable. . .
OCEAN". 1905— Nicely furnished rooms to let:
reasonable.
O-FVRREXI- (The Pierre) — Beautiful fur-
nished suites and single rooms to let; reas.
O'FARRELL! 627— Nice sunny furnish-*
rooms: on* or two. |
POST. 683 (Hyland). cor. Jones— Elegant fur-
nished suites and single rooms; by day. week
or month: convenient: central.
PKRRY. 11 — Completely furnished sunny
rooms to let.
PIERCE; 412— Unfurnished! rooms to let: rea-
«onable. J_
PINE. 729 Neatly furnished rooma to It.
PINTJ. OSS — Furnished rooms to let in cntr<_{
location. | .
POLK. 1243 — Nicely furnished rooms: $1 50 _
and $2 week: ga>. phone; quiet.
POST. 223— Nice, furnished rooms to let: ~enr
convenient.
POST. 61S (The Ctunmlngs)— Nlc*. furnished
rooms to let. . •
POST. 820 — Finely furnished rooms la nlc* lo-
cation treasonable^ ______
POWELL, 61B — Nice, sunny rooms to let; $3 to
>10: gentlemen. _——-—.
POWELL. 1014— Nlc*. furnished rooms to let;
gentlemen.
FTNE. 1025, next to Colonial Hotel— Very lar»»
sunny, newly furnished rooms; hath: con-
necting, one suitable for two; men preferred.
POST 068 — Neatly furnished comfortable
'rooms: sunny, bath, etc; rant cheap.
POST. 1115. near Polk— Furnlshad rooma.
PO"WEI_U 1220— Nice. «unny. front, furnlsh-4
week, month; also light house-
keeplng. ______________
PARIS, S26 — Cheerful snnny completely fur-
nished rooma to let.
POLK. 622 — Three unfurnished! or furnlahed
rooms. '
PROSPECT. 150— Furnished rooma to let; con-
venlently located. .
PIXEL 910 — Fine, convenient and! comfortabl*
furnished rooms to let, -
pyxE, 1023 — Very fine, sunny, newly furnished
rooms: bath: "gentlemen preferred.
POST. 215 — Sunny suites and slngl* room*;
rent from $8 up. J
POST. 1339 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms tS
let; reasonable. »
POWELL 222 (Stafford)— Furnished room* to
let by the day, week or month.
POWELL, 602 — Housekeeping rooms; complete:
also single rocms.
POLK. 622^ — S sunny connecting rooms, un-
furnished; phone, bath, references.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third st.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conr-enlence*»;
rooms en suite and single: rates by day. 350
op; by week". $2 up: baths free to guests.
SHOTWELL. 507 — Nicely furnished rooms to
let; convenient: reasonable.
SHOTWELL. 722 — Pleasant, furnished sunny
room.-, to let.
SUTTER 822 — Furn. single and double rooms
from $S; all conveniences: phone Ea«t 34Si».
STEVENSON. 707 V,. nr. 8th — Nicely furnished
single rooms In private house; $1 25 week.
STEINER. 615 — In elegant private home, sun-
ny rooms: also front and back- parlor and
bath; unfurnished or furaishetf' u> sutt
SUTTER, 8S9 — Finely furnished rooms: private
family: clerk*) preferred: call evenings.
STOCKTON. 451 — Sunny front rooms for house-
keeplng: nicely furnished. '
SECOND. 87 (Webb House>— Nice, furnished
front rooms to let.
6ECONTJ. 217 — Nicely furnished rooms; cen-
trally located. 5
SEVENTH. 140— Nlcoly furnished rooms to 1«:
half block from new Postofflce. \u25a0
SEVENTH. 140— Cheerful, sunnjr room* to let;
nicely fum!sbe<;.
EEVENTH. 021 — Comfortable furnished rooms;
11 / ing prices.
SEVENTH. 655 — Xlcely fcrnished room* to letj
moderate.
SEVENTEENTH. 5789 — Nicely ram!she4
.rooms to let.
SIXTH. 520— Centrally located furnished rooms
to let. c. •
SOUTH PARK. 15S — Nicely furnished room*
to let.
STEUART. 85 — Nicely furnished rooms to let;*
I . reasonable.
BTEVENSON. 377. bet. Third and Ptoortn—
Furnished rooma.
STOCKTON. 13MA— Complete and neatly fur-
nished rooms to< let.
SAN'CHEZ. 908. near Twenty-weccmd — Fur-
nished rooms to> let.
SANCHEZ. 907 — Nicely famished roo— _ with
private board If deslr«d. . *
SANSOME. 005. near Pine (Erie building)—
Nlca. furnished rooma to let.
SIXTH. 229 >4. corner Clementina — Lorn be.y-
window rooms. 1 hkpg; $1 50 and $3 CO w«>k.
SCOTT. IS24— Fine, furnished: rooms to let In
quiet neighborhood.
RAUSCH. 81 — Neat. comfortabU forniaheij *
rooraa to let.
RAUSCH. 89 — Furnished rooms to Ist at rea-
ponabl* rates.
SACRAMENTOv 1642 — Nice, sunny front nom»t
running water, etc. : housekeeping rooma alst».
SIXTH. 120 — Centrally located rooms to I<rt;
nicely furnished: reasonable.
SUITER. 968 — Fiae furnished front rooms;
sunny, homelike, phone; rsas-nabts.
BUTTER. 1648 — Very desirable, nicely fur-
nished rooms In n«w, sunny flat; con-euient:
reasonable.
SILVER. 28 — Completely furnished rooms t»
let: good location.
SIXTH. 34. near Market— Nicely furnish**
' rooms to let.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3325— Roomers wantad.
TURK. 278 (Radston) — rNicely furnished sunny
suites: bath. gas. steam heat, etc.; rent
reduced: central location.
TWENTY- SEVENTH. 132 — Nlc» furnished
rooms to let.
TAYLOR. 22$ — Two coxy front r»oms; reason-
able. •":
TEHAMA. 74 — Nice furnished rooms to let;
reasonable.
TEHAMA. 130A — Nice furnished rooms to Ift;
moderate rates.
TEHAMA. 253 — Nice Tarnished rooms at rea-
aonable rates. ;
TEHAMA. 326— Nicely furnished rooms- _-•
of gas. bath, telephone.
TENNESSEE. 704^ — Convenient, cozy, furnish-
ed rooma to let. " " *
TENTH. 279— Light, suany. modern furnished
rooms to let: private family.
TENTH. 612— Neat, comfortable furnished
rooms to- let.
THIRD. 342— Neat and completely famished
rooms to let.
THIRTEENTH. 58— Furnished rooms to let- $8
per month.
THIRTEENTH. 220— Nicely furnished sunny
roonu to let.
TREAT aye. «8— Nicely furnished rooms to
let; reasonable rates.
T V RK ;« 2O4 ~ NlcelyVi:urnlBn < > d sunny rooms to
let; $2 per week and up; quiet place.
TWENTY-FIFTH. Xs4*_ 3 furnished ro~r<;
rent $12 per month. /_,
TWELFTH 111— Nice convenient furnished
rooms to let at reasonable rates.
TURK 1627— Nicely furnished rooms to !«:
nice location.
T ?2Sf I T' THIRI> * »« — *««•«» forni-x-
rooaaa to !_*.TAYLOR. 511, near G«>ary — ricasant. sunny
I'xjtn* t o let; hot ar.d co:d watT- $12 and
•y Si» lor raor.th. VJ ., '.r^:_
TWEXTV-FOrRTH, ."7Sl— Neatlv furnished
room* to Ut.
r'.YEXVY-ForhTH. SSS7— FurtHiM ki i-» fa
!et - i :
I MM STATE*. iSX 1.d.1y. T.-ar Ms iket-4i.it
Ul6*UjChU 'f... C.-.0. runr.irs v.aitr hi every
cv.; f-leva;. rtad.-room; «>et b\:e. Lasxas^
l/.Vjnx \W>— Nicely turntshid rooms to let •
r<e»-br.abie.
\'A N* NESS aw. C;l— Beautiful sunny rooms
y> let ti) gf-ntl.-'men: reference required.
VAN XE=? aye 2.'.5.»— Nicely furr.lshpd. ccn-
\u25a0\<r,j<>r:t i ocmi* to let.
VAN NI» eve.. 4WlB— Nice, new furnished
ipvrr.g; ;ni»ctrn. tunny ccmer fiat: rea?onab>.
VAI^ENiIA. 471— Pltasant furr.ishej rooms to
"•t; rcii^oriab:*.
\'AIiENCIA. e^s— Large, sunny rooms to let;
ff.f, bath, phcr.e.
VALIiNCiA. S>2s— Nicely furnish*d» sunny
_ toonvs to let : reasonable.
• VAN-N-E^S aye.. 1002— Nicely furnished rooms
to Jet: charges reasonable.
VAN .. N ESS aye.. 320— Very nicely furnished
/ivt*-.^ rooms: IS and S3O; gentlemen.
NEJ?S ove -. lOa— Lsrgp. sur.ny r^oirt;
.. yl ' lrierjhon *r E as and Sard; from $12 to
VALENCIA. f><2— l large, front room, newly
furnirhyd; suitable for 1 or 2; private fam^v.
\u25a0^"OLT" House, cor. 6th and Howard— No betW
v^^fil 1 boaf ? to city; room* 150 to 50c
per nltrtn: 0->c to *3 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 8d rt.. nr. Market-
Most cosvecicnt and re*pectable; 700 rooms.
•5c to tl 60 r.ijrhtly. |2 to JS week: elevator:
. «»*c ilghtt ; reading-room: free bus, batrgage
> WASHINGTON, 1470— Neatly furnished large,
*ur.uY rooBit; all conveniences; gentlemen;
( "WASHINGTON. 1470— Bunny front BUlte; new-
Jy Turnitbed; upper flat; |20; gentlemen pr«-
fgrred ; ref erenctg ; beard optional.
WASHINGTON', 6S. corner (Altamont)— 3-
ropm -apartoienu. rnrnlshcd and unfurnished;
VEBSTBR. Ill— Completely furnUkei rooms
_ : teitt; good location; reajonable.
Wesj MISSION. 100— Neat comfortable, fur-
r.:*hed rooms to let.
Jl BRANCH cfSce of The Call for the recep-
tion of edvertiseznenta and subscriptions has
been cloned at 1003 Market et.. oppose
Ptfth. Open until 11 p. a. .
Jg-OOMt AJgp OOAXIO.
THE MAISOJf TEN'CE
640 GEAHY STREET.
Tklt houft hat Just beta opened by Madame
Tenc*, formerly of 453 Ellis st., and will be
conducted as a. etrlctly flrtt-class respectable
r#ardiag-hei:se. The location Is of tha best
ap.4 ;Jje French table board unsurpassed
Fine suites aad single rooms with all con-
veniences; rates c;c«t reasonable.
A LARGE handsomely furnished eunny front
bay window, hot water &Bd connecting
roots; editable for two or four, with excel-
lent board in private family; near park;
reasonable. Phone Page S3s({. Box 4540. Call.
IJOTEL WEKTWOHTH, €57 Bush St.— Fine
furnlfched Eunny single ruonis with board.
$30 to $33 per month: modern suites for two
v.iih ocard. $CO per mcath; central location
v and convenient.
VAN" NESS eve.. 600. cor. Eddy (The Alta
•Vista) — Elegantly furnished eunny rooms
with excellent table board; reasonable rates.
I'H'£. old Stevenson mansion at 607 California
- -tt. has fine and " sJjrhtly rooms; best cf
table board et lowest rate-s in city; fine bii-
liard-rooni for use of gue&ts.
Hiyiy. .'.Sk fHotel Garland)— Newly furnished
• suite*; modern and up-to-date; single rooms
irti private baths; excellent table board;
reasonable rates.
- 2:LL:.-*. 3U'(>4 — Newly furr.i^hej bright and eun- I
ny r.'o:ni-- with boßrd, for married couples cr
Mngie rratlemedj good home cocking; free |
";V.cne ani bath; inspection invited.
ELLIS, 12*^ — Lsrr? firiely furnished rooms. |
with or \u25a0without board; all conveniences; fine J
U'Ca'ity; -quod cs.r service; homelike; rates |
'_ jfc« i - i
I*'SH, J.^'C. near Larkin— Newly furnished !
tvor.t room; excellent table board; home com- J
f'.TtS. " j.
CALIFORNIA. 12r,0 — Nicely furnteheJ rooms j
.^n-1 beard in good Ppar!?h family; American I
arvi Spanish cookir.g; rrrerences. \u25a0
HVI>E. < - .;i:A— Ncv.iy furnishf-d rooms in nice. I
<)uiet family; gorKj tai>le board with home j
cooking; ni.iKle $22 50 per month; for two $43. j
EDDY. 722 — Nicely furnished rocms with all }
comforts of home; convenient; German cook- j
Ing; reasonable rates. j
, FOURTEENTH. 824— Pleasant rooms and
...board, with bath; suitable for 2 or 4 young
:". "men: ready Monday.
.. LIBERTY. Sft — Fine furnished double and sin- |
... . s\e room*; hot and cold water; baths and all I
' ' <-onven!encts; excellent table board.
idcALLISTFR. €12 — Sunny rocms; home cook-
ing; phine; one, $22 &0; two, $40, $45, table
Ward.
VEVENTII 252 — Newly furn. rooms; sun all
May; T-itn cr without board; first class; new
>ho:re.
VAN NEFS eve.. 5C3 <Hotel McAllister)— El^-
gant ' furnished Fuites; private bathe; line
:.-.'•'* board: good location.'
BT^H, it-* — 2 sunny funilsned rooms, en puite !
- or tlr.gle; private; German; board optional.
G€AET, tIQ fMaisrn Tencej — Fine front
\u25a0 . suites; splendid French table board; reas.
Gt*!>P board end room; 3 'meals f2O month.
No. 1 Martha place, off Geary et.
' LAGt'NA. ISOI. cor. Ellis— Sunny rocmE.'wlth
• J/o^rd; be?t home cooking; private; reas.; ref.
GEAIIV, 640 (liaison Tencs) — Fine- furnished
irultes or single: beet French ta.ble board.
LEA VEX WORTH. 1235. apartment 12C9— Sun-
ny room; board for 2 gents; borne comforts.
OTAUHELL. 1770 — Rooms and board; private
jivsi, family. -
FISE. 7£7 — Sunny rooms; good home cookir.g;
1 22 60 up. |
TABLE board. $7 per week; home cooking.
4C5 Gutter et.
BOOMS WANTED.
WANTETV- 2 or 3 nice sunny rocms. unfur-
nished; c ,;,j lacy: references. Box 4Su2, Call.
'" RAZOBS.
BUT HIM ONE FtlH CHUISTMAS.
I carry <•: t of the largest and most select \u25a0
lines of razors in th* city. 1 offer a special
razor at $1 and tl £'\u25a0> that cannpt be duplicated
for th«: money.
JortUc. Htnckel and Etiletto Hazar§ at %2;
corn ptrera 75c; hair clippers. $1 up.
corn v* SAFETY RAZORS.
A Safety Razor for Christmas would be a
I r.lc* and ueeiul pntent. I carry ail the best
£tar Safety Ba«pr. regular ?2; my spe-
cial price • $1 53
blades 1 W'
Gillette Safety Razor, with 12 blades, re-
ciulrirc ro honing or ttrojjplr.g 6 00
12 extra blade* .". 1 w>
Ever-ready Safety Razor. 24 bladta & 00
Kxtra 12 t>:ad«=s • 1 <M
Yankee Kaft-ty Razor 1 50
Cem Safety iiazcr I 30
-. THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. Pitts, the Stationer.
1008 Market St.. San Francisco.
RAZOR STRAPS.
* A carefully selected arsortment !n all the
• b#>st rniteriste. from 25c up.
• Star Safety Streps Jl Ofl
* t>Ur Htropping Machines $1 50 and %i 50
Razors Hontd and Ground. Honing 25c
THAT MAN PITTS.
. 10C8 Market st.. San FranclFco.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
. PILES— PETER FREILINGS pile salve, $1 per j
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding, j
jtcbing. external, internal or protruding pile* '
without fail, no matter of how long standing; I
.* «.l»o fistula. K&ti Pevisadero fit., rear Sutter. {
gTORAGO AXD WAREHOUSES.
' a— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture.
- household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phon'f Grant IGL
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore; tel. West 828.
REKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tt-1. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
v WAREHOUSE TO LEASE. C
riV'B-ETORY building. hasemeDt and electric
elevator; about BCGO sq. ft. for storage or
manufacturing: Stevenson St.. near 7th. J. 1
V. VICTOR, Majestic bldg.. 12S1 Market et.
j SEWIXC MACIUXES AAD SUPPLIIC3.
' j DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
'! Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
! price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Dom.es-
I ' tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth. '
ALL kinds ?ee<md-hand. $3, $5 $s : tllghtly
• j used. Sin. $15. $20. You know where dolls
t^inr in th*. window. 1051 Market st.
' I TVPIiWRITEKS AXl> SUPPLIES.
j A TVPEWlUTEßu'tiie'ljeEt "hof.day " 6ift.'"es-
prctaily lor the Im>>- or «iri; i-artly used $10(»
; , machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
• r pctecd; i-cutais. from ?2 00 month. W.
. j .SCOTT. M-. Montgomery st.
i AX exeei;Uonaiiy good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
I Smith PzenOer, $123; other typewriters at
higher and lower pj-lcts: rentals $2 50. The
I Typewriter Exchange. 53*j California, st.
j I FOR sale— Very Cheap, a Fisher billing and
bookwrlting typewriter. MUNICIPAL LOAN
: OFFICE. OCT. Market Ft.
BJJ^iy£isL^ >TICES -
; j DIVIDEND NOTICE— MutuTTlsavlngs Bank
of tian Francisco, 7lw Market «t.— For the
half-year endinj; December 31, IUCS. a divi-
dend ha» been declared at the rate of jhree
and one-half (3M;) per cent per annum on
1 all deposits, compounding etmi-annuajly,
free at taxes, tnd payable on and after
Tuesday, January 2, ldo<s.
GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
, DIVIDEND Notice, California Sale Deposit and
: Trust Co., corner California and Montgomery
, tt*. For the six months ending December
31. l'Jt>s. dividends have been declared on the
dei'oaits in the bavings department of this
company as follows: On term' deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary dFoositn at the rate of #H per
cent cer annum, free cf taxes, ar.d payable
en and after Tuesday. January 2, IPOO. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager. '
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian-American" Bank,
400 Montgomery St.. corner Sacramento and
JJoniguKCJ-y sts. For me talf ytar ending
December 31, 1908. a dividend has b-ien de-
' clared on all savings deposits at the rate of
3 CO-IUO per cent per annum, free of taaes,
payable on and after Tuesday January 2,
IWW. Dividends not called for are addtjd to
and bear the taint rate of interest as the
principal. A. E. SBARBORO, Cashier.
' DIVIDEND notice, Mechanics' Savings Bank.
143 Montgomery et., cornerl Bush — For tha
half year ending December 31. IUOS, a divi-
dend has been declared on all ta vines de-
posits, free of taxes, at the rate of three and
• one-half (3^) per cent per annum, payable
en and after Tuesday, January 2,' 1000. Divi-
dends not called for are added to and bear
the game rate of interest aa principal. Inter*
Lit paid from date of deposit.
JNQ. U. CALKINS, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice, San Francisco Savings
Union. £32 California st.. cor. Webb — For the
half year ending with Dec. 31, 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rates per an-
num of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent
en term deposits and three and one-th]rd
(3 1-8) per cent oa ordinary deposits, .free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Jan.
2. 1906 LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 80l' California si.. Son Francisco, has
declared a dividend for the clx months ending
December 31, 1905. of 6 per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, G per cent on term de-
posits ar.d 0 per cent on class "F" stock,
payabls on and after January 6, 1906.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK, 315 Montgomery
St.: for the half year ending Dec. 31, 1905.
a dividend ha» been declared at the rate of
three and one-half 13H:) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on or after January 2. 1906. LEON BOC-
QUERAZ, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice, German Savings and Loan
Society, G2G California st. — For the half year
ending Dec. 81, 13ti5. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum on all deposits.
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday,
Jan. 2. 1906 GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary
STUTTEHITVG AND STAM3IERING.
NORCROSS Institute cures stammering; new,
scientific, complete. Office, Market & Taylor.
CARDS AXD INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding invitations, visiting & busi-
ness cards, crests, etc.; high-class work; mod-
erate rates. J. U. Duncan, 120 Kearny,' rs. 1-2.
MAUUIAuU LICENSES.
\u25a0 \u25a0 -
The fellow! ng marriage licenses were Issued
! yesterday:
Carl Olsen. 40. 2016 Mission street, and
j Clara Johnson. 23. 2450 Folssom street.
Max B. Rossber*. 1:0, C2S Lombard 6treet,
I and Amelia M. Valente, 19. 927 Greenwich st.
Henry A Luke. 21. 46 South Park, and
I Clara E. Dower. 16. Nevada City.
! . Albert M. Scully, 23. 1510 Baker street, and
I Gertrude T. Cullen, 19, 2522 Sutter street.
i Cyrus F. BrlgKs, 25. Oakland, and Edna A.
i -Williams*. - 22. 4SA Clara street.
Robert Gashorn, 54, Pittsburg, and Hen-
j rletta Haleck. 42, Scbastopol.
Paul Gross, 21. 595 Haight etreet, and Rosie
I Grimes, 17. 7 Winslow street.
Harry H. Grigs, 22. Berkeley, and Elsie
E. F. Krauze. IS, Oakland.
David Buchan, 45,' 1131 Rhode Island st.,
and Helen Suhr. 35, 1143 Rhode Island etreet.
Miiton B. Aird. 22, 129 Capp street, and
Harriet P. Cadiean. -20, 129 Capp street.
Francis A Autaene, 21, 213 Stanley etreet,
and Mary A. Ryan, 19, 213 Stanley street.
Georse A. Knox, SO, Los Angeles, and Ar-
delle CuTT.mir.es. 20. 1114 Pine street.
Henry E. Miller, 21, Los Ansreles, and Ma-
rietta P. Howard. 18, Middletown.
Richard Blanchard, 21, 131 Cortland aye.,
and Margaretta Hlnch, 20. 131 Cortland aye.
Auirust Fleischer, 28, Black Diamond, and
•Agnes Butcher, 20. Black Diamond.
Antonio Colombero, 25, 429 Chestnut street,
and Margherita Rabbia, 22. 427 Chestnut et.
Karl E. Willman, 21. 1208 Silver street, and
H*nna A. Kannionen, 20, 220 Rltch street.
•" Julius Slmi. 2G, 415 Bay street, and Annie
Nlelaon. 25, 1207 Turk street.
William H. Cohen, SS, 1706 Sutter street,
and Maroie L. Busch, 24. 823 Hayes street.
Thomas Raye, 24, 1190 Eddy street, and
i Inez Thompson, 22. 1638 Hayes etreet.
i • Kenneth L. Watson, 23, 101*7 Washington st.,
and gueila Stelnmlller, 21. 1C27 Washington ft.
Hiram F. Martin, 41, Turlock, and Anna C.
Edwards. 38. Philadelphia.
Rudolph Malmgren, Mayfleld, and Pansy M.
Scott. ITM Howard street.
August F. Bergman, 27, 531 Capp street, and
Lillie E. Weber, 20, 110 Guerrero street.
LIRTHS— CARRIAGES— LLAIBg.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will nat be Inserted. They must be handed
In at tither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Fons authorized to' have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
cf the event are published once in this column
tree cf charge. •
j \u25a0
BO.IX.
COirjSKY— ln this city, December' 19. 1905,
to the wife of Thomas Comisky, a daughter.
DIEI— In. this city, December 16. 1905, to
the wife of Phillip J. Diez, a son.
EDWARDS— In this city. December 17. 1905,
to t*>e wife of Frederick Edwards, a son.
I McGANN— In this city. December 22, 1905, to
the wife cf F. P. McGann. a daughter.
REILLY — In this city. December 8, 1905, to
si.j wife of John J. Rellly, a son.
I SCHMIDT— In this city, December 12, 1903,
to the wife of Fred J. Schmidt, a daughter.
VANDENBOS— In this citr. December 22.
1905, <o the wife of J. L. Vandenbos.* a son.
. married! ~ ~^
FLOOD— KRULL — In this city. December 21,
IHOS. by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Frank
Flood and Anna Krull, both of this city.
KLEVESAHL— McSHANE— In this city. De-
cember 23, iaC5. by the Rev. Father Mc-
Quaide, E. E. KleveEahl and Katherlne Mc-
Ehane.
SULLIVAN — QUINTON— In Honolulu. Ha-
waii, December 3, 1!X)5. by the Rev. Dr
\u25a0\\ nilam Morrlg Klncaid. D.D., of the Cen-
tral Church, Frank T. Sullivan of Honolulu
and Ida Frances Quinton or San Francisco.
DIED. ~ ~™
Abrams, Hattie, *H Koerner, Christian, 60
Armistead. Sarah, 72 Liehtenstadter, M., 45
Earbano, Rosalie, 48 Lunsmann, Hazel F.,3
Harry, Oeo. M., 5 m. Marks, Moses )s3
Rthre. Elizabeth, H f ) Metzger, Hannah, 62
lirabent. Arthur H..40 Murphy. Wm. F C 4
Bray, William. 57 Nagle, Phoebe B., 1
Brusnad, Henrik, 22 Nitdt, Anton. 82
Calhoun. Geo. S., 35 Noyes, Emma A., 63
Campbell, Nickolassa O'Nell, Mary J.
07. Paradiso. Jennie. 32
Cohn, E6ther, 82 Parkinson, Jno. A., 24
. Connell, Delia, 43 Roche. Jarpes E., 38
Cronan. Josoph P., 20 Russell. Bridget. 82
Dunnlgan. Michael, 72 Schoonover, Mary A.
j Farren. Margaret L. Stuart, Wanda C.J X
I Fimard, Elzear "R., 45 ThomasT Etta.' 33
1 GiSßcman, Jens N., 70 Tryon, B. Jason. 49
; Hf^er, Anna, <31 Viausick, John, 82
Hillstrom, E. C, 10 Yon Ah, Antone, 46
Jones, Llewellyn, 3 Welch, Timothy, 73
Kasper, Mina, 54 Wilson. William, 73
Kirk. Mary S. *-'\u25a0{-,
AERAMS — Haltie Abrams, beloved wife of
Max Abrams, beloved mother, of Joseph and
MatMle Abrams, and sister of Mrs. H.
Abrams, Mrs. H. Appleton, Mrs. H. Bloom
and Rae Michaels of Los Angelea, a natlye
TELEPHONE MAIN 43.
N.QRAY&CO.,Inc
PIWKRAL- DIRECTORS.
Cyrus S. Wright, president; Geo. H. Clark,
vice president; Al P. Booth, treasurer; Harold
L. Wrier t. secret£ry.
612-614 VAV NESS AVENUE.
Bet wet v Golden Gate avenue and Turk street,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAI+
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1905.
of New York, aged 48 years 3 months and 21
' days,
AKMISTEAD— In this city, December 22. -1000,
fcarah A., dearly beloved wife of the late
James H. Armintead Sr., and mother of Dr.
H. V., Charles H., James H. Jr.. Dr. C. N.,
Fred T. H. McL. and Herbert A. Armietead,
a native* of Virginia, aged 72 years 8 mpnths
ar.d 2a days.
ICTFrisndß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' Sunday,
at 12:30 o'clock i». m., from her late ret.l-
dence, 02.S Oak street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
BARBANO— In Oakland. Cal.. December 23,
1005, Rosalie, beloved wife of Charles Bar-
bano, up 4 mother of Angelina and Rosalie
Barbano and Mrs E. Centlne, a native of
Italy, aged 4S years 9. months and 8 days.
BAKRY— In this city, December : 23, 1805,
George M.. dearly beloved eon of Daniel w.
and May C. Barry, and brother of the late
Willie Barry, a native of Larkspur, Cal.,
aged 5 months and 3 days.
ff^"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday) from the residence of his parents,
l&W) Dolores street, at 11 o'clock ». m. In-
terment private.
BEHRE— In this city, December 23, 1005.
Elizabeth Behre, beloved wife of Frederick
Behre. and mother of Fred J.. Ernest J.
and Charles L. Behre, a native of Ep-
plngen, Germany, ajjed SO years 3 mpnths
and 1 day.
BRABANT— In this city. December 23, 1905,
Arthur H Brabant, a native of New Zea-
\ land, asred 40 years.
BRAY— In this city, December 23, 1005, Wil-
liam Bray, a native of Ireland, attd.6.
iry'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday). December 24, at 2 o clock
p. m., from the parlors of the California
Undertakinc Company, 713 Post street, near
Jones. ' ' .„.,
BRUSTAD— In thla city. December 23. 1005.
at the United States Marine Hospital, Hen-
rik Bruatad. a native of Norway, aged 22
years and 2 months.
CALHOUN— In Oakland, Cal., December 23.
1905 George S.. beloved husband of Matilda
Calhoun. and brother of Mrs. J. M. fc.. At-
ktr.Bon and Isaac end Rufua^^.Calhoun a na-
tive of Port Townsend, Wash., aged years
11 ironttg and 16 days.
CAMPBELL— In Halfmoon, Cal.. December 22,
IKOO Nlckolasea Camnbell. beloved wife of
the late Robert Campbell, and loved mother
of Charles D. and William R. Campbell. Mrs.
O G. Knapp, James E., Alice E.. Mary M.
and Frank Campbell. Mrs. T. P. Finesan.
John W.. Fred J. and the later Edward
Campbell, a native of Valparaiso, Chile, aged
07 yeare 3 months and 12 days.
!C7"Frlends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 21, from her late residence, thence
to the Catholic Church for services at 2 p. m.
Interment Halfmoon Bay, Cal.
COHN— In Ventura. Cal., December 21. 1905,
Esther Cohn. beloved wife of the late Henry
Cohn, and mother of Mrs. Bessie Peck, a
native of Germany, aped 62 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this aay
(Sunday) at Hills of Eternity Cemetery, on
arrival of 11:20 a. m. train from Third and
Townsend streets. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery. " ™-
CONNELL— In this city. December 22. 1905,
Delia, beloved wife of Cornelius Connell,
loving mother of George, Lillian and Robert
Emmet Connell, and eleter of Mrs. M.
Brayel, Mrs. C. O'Brien and Mrs. A. Ervine
and" the late M. Crowley and Jane Crowley.
a native of Ireland,* aged 43 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
-(Sunday) at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of'McAvoy, O'Hara & Co., 261 and -il
Hayes street, opposite St. Ignatius Church,
thence to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where services will be
held at 12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CRONAN — In this city. December 22, 1005,
Joseph P., beloved eon of James and Mary
T. Cronan. and brother of Catherine A.,
James P. and Peter M. Cronan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years and 7 month*.
(Taunton. Mass., papers please copy.)
tcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 24. at 18:30 o'clock p. m., from
his late residence. 2934 Folsom street, \be-
tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence
to St. Peter's Church for services, commenc-
ing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery. A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul on Tuesday,
December 20. at 0 o'clock a. m., at St.
Peter's Church. Friends are invited to at-
tend.
DUNNIGAN— In this city. December 21, 1905,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Dun-
nigan, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 72 years.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock m., from his late
residence, 231 Langton street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 12:45 p. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. \
FARREN— In this city, December 23, 1005,
at her residence, 1619 Masonic avenue, Mar-
Karet L.. beloved daughter of Catherine, and
the late William D. Farren, a native of
California. - >. \u25a0 .
CT Notice of funeral hereafter,
FIMARD — At Pleasanton, Cal..' December 22,
1905, Elzear R. • Fimard. beloved husband of
Helen Fimard, and father of Cyril and.:
Helen Fimard, aged 45 years 10 months and
10 days.
(CTFuneral Sunday, at Pleasanton, from
residence, at 1:301). n>- Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
GISSEMAN — In this city, December 22. 1005,'
Jens Nielsen Glsseman, a native of Den-
mark, aged 70 years 2 months and 28 days.
HEGER— At rest. In this city. December 22.
1005, Anna, beloved wife of G. Henry Heger.
devoted mother of Mrs. Rosie Kiefer; Robert
H. Heger. Mrs. Edith Slattengren and Mrs.
Bertha Behler, and Eister of Anthony Haber-
korn, a native of St. Joseph,' Miss., ajfed (il
years. A member of Eintracht Frauen Ve-
reln of Oakland. (St. Jcseph, Miss., papers
please copy.) ,
(CT Friends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) December 24, at 0:30 a. m., from
the parlors of H. F. Euhr & Co., 1J37 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment IJqunt Olivet Cemetery.
HILLSTROM— In this c}ty, December 23, 1905.
Etienne C. HHlstrom, dearly beloved son of
Edward »nd Emma Hillstrom, and brother
of Ernest Hillstrom, a native of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., aged 10 years 4 mpnths and
14 days. \u25a0 .
CC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., at
his tjarents' residence. 1149 Pacific street,
thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Private.
JONES— In this city. December 23, 1005,
Llewellyn Jones, beloved son of William and
Daisy Jones, and erandson of Mrs. J. T.
Newman, a native of Brltluh Columbia, aged
3 years 8 months and 12 days.
KASPER — In this city, December 21, 1905,
Mina KasDer, beloved wife of Samuel Kas-
uer. mother of Mrs. A. E. Green and Abe
H ; Rose and Jake KaeDer, and sister of
the late S. and Max Lewis, Mrs. J. Ras-
per and Abe Lewis, .a native of Llpna, aged
64 years.
(ET'Friende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). December 24, at 1:30 o'clock p.m.,
from the residence of her brother, Abe
Lewis, 2425 Franklin street, between Va-
llejo and Green. Please omit flower". In-
terment New Salem Cemetery, by electric
funeral car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 2:15 d. m.
KIRK— In this city, December 22, 1905, Mary
S Kirk, mother of Mrs. Anna Blunt, Mrs.
A. S. KlttredEe of San Jose and the Misses
Kirk, a native of Tennessee.
(CyThe funeral will tak« place from her
late residence. 1521 Sacramento street, Sun-
day, December 24, at 3:45 o'clock. Inter-
ment at Saxi Joae.
KOERNER— In this city, December 21, 1003.
ChrUtian, belovca husband of Maria Koerner,
devoted father of Mrs. C. Wolf «nd Mr«. J.
W. Rose, and prandfather of Ve'ra Rose, a
native of Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged
to years 4 months and 4 days. A member
of Vereln Eintracht.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), December 24,. at li3o p. m., from
his late residence, 1657 Fourteenth avenue,
near Railroad avenue. South San Francisco. ,
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LICHTENSTADTER— December 21, 1905,
Martin, beloved husband pf Selma Llchten-
Btadter, beloved • father of Mlltoir, Llchten^
etadter, and brother of Samuel LlchTenstadtei-,
Mrs. Leo Speyer, Mrs. Leopold W'allach and
the late Mrs. Simon Boreal! of New York
City, a native of New York City, aged 45
years ti months and 9 days. -
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERg,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKER^,
—Funeral Director! and Embalrners — — .
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW AT 806 MISSION. Tel. South 167. v
Between Fourth and Fifth, 'near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
iMcAvoy v -O^Ha'ra-&bo.
J FU^EKKA L DIRECTORS,
| Removed to Their New Parlors.
261-S7I EAYKS SI 1 ., spp. Si. iGNA'^USCHDROH
I Lady Assistants. Telephone South 247.
WQOPLAWN CEMKriSy,
San Mateo County.
UASOXIC CEJiIiTERY ASSOCIATION.
.688 3aniej Flood Buildln*, 8. y,**
:. ' ' ' . .-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0: - \u25a0 . .
fully invited to attend the funeral services to-
day (Sunday), December- 24,- at 10 a. -m.,
from his late 'residence. 1423 Post street.
luterment Home of Peace Cemetery,'*by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
a. m. • ...
LUNSMANN— In this city, December 22, 1005,
Hazel Friederikc,-. dearly beloved daushter of
J. F. and Gerhardino Lunsmann, a native 'of
i San Francisco, aged 3 yeara 3 months and
,ia days.
C?"Tho funeral will take place- to-day
(Sunday), December 24. at-l:30 p. m., fi-onx
; the, residence of the parents, 101S Folsom
street, between Sixth and Seventh. Inter-
| ment private.
MARKS- In Stockton, December 21. 1005,
Moses, beloved husband of Carrie Marks, and
beloved - father of Mrs. Meyer Jacob of Ta-
cgma. Mrs. Martin P. Stein, Monroe P. and
Flllmore C. Marks, all of Stockton, a native
', of Austria, aged 83 years 3 months and 2a
days.
: .ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral , to-day
(Sunday), December i! 4, at 11 o'clock a. m.,
from the Oakland ferry on- the : arrival of
the Santa Fe train, thence bw electric funeral
car to Hills of i Eternity Cemetery, where
the services will be held In the mortuary
' chapel.
METZGER— In Oakland, Cal.. December 22,
1005, Anna, beloved wife of George V. Metz-
Ker, and devoted mother of Mrs. P. Zim-
merman, Mrs. A. L. Bangle, and Henry W.,
Wllljam C..- Minnie and Anna Metzger, • a
native of Germany, aged 62 years 11 months
and 10 days. ,
C^Friende and acquaintances are respect- \u25a0
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this (Sunday) afternoon, December 24, at
2:30 o'clock, at her late home. 1110 Twelfth
. street, Oakland. Interment private. •
MURPHY — In this city, December 21, 1905,
William F. beloved . husband of Ellen E.
Murphy, and father of George D. and Frank
Murphy and Mrs. Bert W. Hopps, and brother
of Mrs. Ellen Sullivan and Mrs. Maricaret
Russell, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), Dectmber 24, at 12:30 o'clock
p. m., from his late residence, 256 Perry
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
NAGLE— In Sausalito, Cal., December 23,
1905, Phoebe Beryl, beloved daughter of
Peter B and Cecelia Nagle, a native of
. Sausalito, Cal., aged 1 year 2 months and
5 days. "i
Eyinterment private.
NIEDT— In Oakland, Cal., December 23, 1905,
at Green street and Hallett avenue, Emery-
ville, Anton, beloved husband of Bertha
Nledt, and father of Rudolph. Annie, Henry,
Anton, Edward and John Nledt. a native of
Germany, aged S2 years 1 month and 26
days.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, December 20. at the home at 12:45
o'clock and at I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of
Eleventh and Franklin streets, at 2 o'clock
n. m.'. under the auspices of Oakland Lodge
No. lIS, I. O. O. F.
NOYES— In this city, December 22, 1005,
i Emma A. Noyes, beloved wife of- the late
James M. Noyes, and mother of Mrs. L. E.
Pfen'iinger, Mrs. G, W. Winterrowd and
Mrs. E. D. Balrd, a native of New. Hamp-
shire, aged 60 years 3 mortthsand 28 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances Rre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,'
December 24, at 2:30 p. m., at I. O. O. F.
Cemetery chauel. Point Lobos avenue. Re-
mains at the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
O'NEIL — In thla city, December 22, 1005,
Mary J. O'Nell, beloved mother of the late
\u25a0 'Mary E. Soper,' grandmother of Margaret,
Evelyn and Agnes Soper. Mrs. R. H. John-
ston and Mrs. Elenor Murphy, and eister of
Mrs. J. Fahey and 1 Simon Curran, a native
of County Kjerry, Ireland. \u25a0. "
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 16 Heron street, oft Eighth, between
Folsom and Harrison, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services at 1 :15 p. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass
. will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at St. Joseph's Church Tuesday, December
2(3. at 0 a. m. Friends are Invited.
PAR ADISO— In this city, December 23, 1905,
Jennie Paradiso, beloved wife of John Para-
diso, mother of Louis Paradiso, and sister of
James H. and Charles Stoddard, Mrs. Fannie
Benrer and Alma Stoddard, a native, of San
Francisco, aged 32 years. (Milwaukee and
Pasadena papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, December liti, at 1 o'clock p. m.,
at tHe parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
Komery avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
PARKINSON— In this city, December 23,
li)G5, Jolin Andrew, beloved son of Mar-
garet and • the late Thomas Parkinson, and
'devoted brother of Robert. Richard, Ed-
ward, George and Thomas Parkinson, a
native of County Fermanagh, Ireland,- aged
24 years 10 months and 5 days.
(CSTFriends and acquaintances are respectr
\u25a0 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. in,, from his
late residence. 026 Harrison street, between
Second and Third. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by 11 :30 a. m. train from Third
' and • Townsend streets. -•• • -- " *a* '
ROCHE— In this city, December ' IS, " 1005,
' James E. Roche, eon of John Carroll and the
late Delia Carroll, and brother of John Car-
roll, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years. A member of Golden Gate Camp No.
04 and Painters' Union, Local No. 10.
(CTFrtends and acquaintances are reepect-
jfully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 24; at 9 a", m., from the - parlors
of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, via 11:30
a. in. train from Third and Townsend streets.
RUSSELL — In this city. December 21. 1905,
Bridget, dearly beloved wife of the late
Patrick Ruesell, daughter of Patrick and
Dafney Carr, beloved sister of Margaret Pond
and the late Mary McCabe, Suean McFall
and Patrick Carr. and- aunt of Patrick, Ber-
nard end Hugh McCabe and Mrs. Thomas,
J. Burke, a native of the parish of Kilraore,
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 82 years.
CCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 d. m.. from the parlors
of the- United Undertakers, 868 .Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. .Joseph's Church for services at 1 p. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHOONOVER— in Towle, Cal., Mary A. Hew-
eon, beloved wife of C. E. Schoonover, daugh-
ter of the late Stephen and Emily S. Hew-
son. and sister of Mrs. M. 11. Crocker. O.
and S. M.Hewsqn, Mrs. E. S. Harrij, Mrs.
M R. Doremus, Mrs. G. B. Smith and Mrs.
B. M. Lucas.
STUART— In East Oakland, Cal.. December 23,
\u25a0 1005. Wanda C, beloved daughter of A. W.
and Edna Stuart, a native of California,
aeed 1 year 10 months and 28 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to. attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), December 24, at 3 o'clock
. p. m.. at the home of her parents, 514 East
Eleventh street, East Oakland.
THOMAS— In this city, December 21, 1005,
Etta Thomas, of 1251 A Broadway, beloved
wlftt of Charles C. Thomas, daughter of
Mary and Peter Lynch, mother of Margaret
Etta Thomas, and sister pf Mrs. W. A.
Folden and W. H. Lynch, a native of South
Dakota, aged 33 years.
E^Frlend 8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 a. m..- from the parlors or
James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRYON— In this city. December 21, 1905, B.
Jasan, . beloved husband, of Antonie Tryon, a
native of Somers, Westcheater County, N. V.,
aged 4U years 7 months and 12 days.
E^-Frlends, acquaintances and members of
Court Star of the Mission No. 7197, Ancient
Order of Foresteis. are respectfully Invited
to attend the .funeral, which will be held
under the auspices of Golden Gate Camp No.
64, W. O. . W., Sunday, December 24, at a
o'clock, from the parlors of A. W. Martin'
&Co., 310.0'Farrell etreet. Interment I. O.
',-; O." F. Cemetery.:. .
VLAUSICK— In this city, j December 21, 1905
John Vlauslck, a native of Austria, aged 8a
years. A member pf the Austrian Benevolent
Society. . - \u25a0
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, December 'J4; at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co , 1524
. Stockton street." under the ausoices of the
Austrian Benevolent Society. | Interment Holy
: Cross Cemetery. ' \ .
YON AH— ln the City and County Hospital
. December 23, 1905. Antcne yon Ah a native
of Switzerland, aged 46 years.
WILSON— In Clayton, Contra Costa County
Cal.. December 2:i, 1905. William Wilson
husband of Sarah Wilson, and father of Isa-
bella and William Wilson, a native of Ire-
land, ased 75 years.
ItyThe funeral', will take place Tuesday
December 26. from the family residence at
Clayton at 11 a. m.', thence to Oakland Cre-
matory, where cremation . will take Dlace
leaving Martinez by. the 3:15 train.
WELCH — In Allendale, December 23 1905
Timothy Welch, beloved father of Mrs Al-
fred Klemmlck, Mrs. George Wattson Mrs
George Walker and Alice Welch, a "native
of Ireland, aged 73 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our many friends and
relatives for their beautiful floral offerings
- and sympathy in the bereavement of our
loving mother, Delia Sullivan.
HER CHILDREN.
' " CARD OF THANKS
: We herewith • desire to tender our heart-
felt thanks to the officers and members of
' the Schuetzen Ladies' - Club, as well : as the
' numerous friends and : neighbors, .for their
many acts of klndnesw and beautiful floral
OH AS. H. J- TRUMAN % CO.
• . The Leading \" I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
Of Sa.n • Francisco. - \T ",
1909 MISSION STREET
Bet. 15th and ICth. Telephone Mission 109
olterinKs during our recent sorrow in the
loss. of a loving wife and mother.
JOHN PLATH and Family.
CARD OF THANKS. *
We herewith desire to tender our heartfelt
thanks to our many kind -friends and ac-
quaintances, as' well as the officers and
members of S^hleswis Holsteiner Vereln and
Court Star of the Mission No. 7197. A. O.
F., who by their tender love, comforting
sympathy and beautiful floral offerings
he'.Ded to lighten the bitter sorrow lately
suffeitd In the loss of our dearly beloved
husband, father and son, Julius Carstenuen.
MRS. ELISE CARSTENSEN,
; MRS. R. F. .GRIFFIN.
ALBERT J. CARSTENSEN,
FREDERICK A. GARSTENSEN.
MRS. CAROLINE CARSTENSEN.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
: SATURDAY. DECEMBER 23.
J. Leonard and Annie KidwelJ to the City
and County of ban Francisco, lot on E line of
Hayes street, 11)0:9 W of Van Ness avenue,
W 137:0 by S 120; $41,250.
Same to some, lot on NW corner of Fell
street " and Van Ness avenue, W 384 :? by N
275, quitclaim deed; $1.
George M. Mitchell to Ruth G. Campbell, lot
on NE corner of Union and Laguna streets,
N 60 by B 45; t -.
Baden Company to Peter Pettersoa, lot on
N line of Filbert street, 114:11 i,a £3 of Etelner,
N 120 by E 2tt:7*4; valuable consideration.
Otto ' Gross to Abe; and Rose Rothberg, lot
on SE corner of Halght and Stelner streets, E
50:3 by S 72; $10. ~
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph
Burkhard. lot on NW corner of Clay and
Spruce streets. W 37:8 by N 1D0; $ — -.
Sarah Worthhelmer to Grace JVL Perine,
lot on NW corner of Duboce avenue and Va
lencia street. W 25 by W 00; $10.
Edward C. and Correiah W, Wright to H.
D. Jerrett, lot on NE corner of Fifteenth *nd
Valencia streets, N 120 by B 100; $10. '
H. D. and Edna F. Jerrett to A. B. Max
donald and-C. O. G. Miller, lot on NB corner
of Fifteenth and Valencia streets; N 120 by
E 100J $10.
Thomas M. Braun to Margaret J. Braun.
lot on N line of Dorland street. 278:4^4 W of
Church. N 118:5%, W 21:1, S 118:10. E2I:2H;
gift.
Margaret J. Braun to Ashley D. and Maud
A. Wotten, lot on N line of Dorland street.
270:4' i W of Church. N 115, W 21:1. S 114, B 1
21:2^; 510.
George and Leon C. Wallenrod to Samuel
McKee, lot on W line of Bryant, street, 231 9
of Twenty-fourth, S 52 by W 100 and lands ad-
Jolnins; 510. '
Samuel McKee to Annie E. McKee, undl
vlded half of lot on W line of Bryant street,
234 S of Twenty-fourth, S 62 by W 100; $10.
Clorinda A. Glannini, . Mary, Frank J., Da
vid V. and Ros« F. Cuneo to Louis A. Wel
denmuller, lot on E line of Stockton street,
107 :« Sof Sacramento. SBoby B 60; $10,
Giocomo Costa to same, same, .quitclaim
deed; .JlO.
Olla Li. Nicoll (wife of Wallace C.) to game,
same, quitclaim deed; $10. .
Wallace C. Nicoll et al. to William J. Gard
ner, undivided one-third of same; $10.
Maria Elsert to Grace Schaden (wife Of Al
fred), lot on NW corner of Jackson and Leav
enworth streets, W 73:10 by N 112:6; $10.
Cella Lobree to Elmer H. Benjamin, lot on
NW line of Harrison street, IDO SW of Fifth.
SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
Andrew and Sarah A. Downey to Emma G.
Baldwin, lot on NE line of Eighth street, 40
SE of Mission, SE 40 by NE 65; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to James A.
Clark, same; $10.
McEwen Bros, to Joseph M. Cummlnsr. lot
on NW line of Folsom street, 75 NE of Eighth,
NE 25 by NW 1C0; $10. ,
Joseph M. Cummlng tc^ Virginia K. dim
ming, same; gift.
Dorothea Andres to Isaac S. Foorman, lot
on NW corner of Eighth and Minna streets,
NW SO by SW SO; $10.
Frances A- Reynolds to Jacob Heyman Com
pany, lot on SW corner of Forty-first and Point
Lobos avenues, W 240 by S 600; $10.
Belle Swasey to Grace Schaden (wife of
A.), lot on B line of Fifteenth avenue. £06:8
S of Point Lobos avenue, S 59, E 106:8, NW
to point opposite beEinnnirwr. W 97:10; $10.
Bertha C Vanderbilt to Joseph D. Vander*
bllt, lot on E line of Second avenue, 125 N of
A street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Estate of Mrs.M. K. or Mary K. Harnlsh (by
W. W. Allen Jr., executor) to Charles Mat
theae, lot on SE corner of Tenth avenue and X
street, E 32:6 by S 100; $2110.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Margaret and An
nie O'Callaghan, lot on SW corner of Forty
eecond avenue and Q street, W 57:6 by S 100;
$10.
Anna D. Joost to Angelina M. Mlllerlck (wife
of John F.), lot on N line of Marshall street,
50 E pf Craut E 25 by N 85, lot 23, block 8,
College Homestead Association; $10.
Bernhard Luhrmann vs. JT. C. Slebe, execu
tor (by G H. Umbsen. referee) to Joseph F,
Dolan. lot on S line of Randall street, "IS4 E of
Palmer, E 25« by S 125, clock 10, Falrmount;
?-joo:
N. Ohlandt et al. to Edvardo and' Clara
Howard, lot on SW line of Oxford street, 175
SE of Wayland, SW 120 by SE 25, block 105,
University Mound; $10. .. ,v- v
Albert C. Aiken-4© Frank Pichon,. lot. on NE
corner of Caselll avenue and -Clover alJey,>B 60
by N 92. block 1, Ploche and Robinson subdi
vision; $10.
Alnmeda County*
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 22.
E. E. and I^aura J. Newton and W. G. and
Alma S. Needham to J. B. Thomas, lot on S
line of Spring street at intersection with W
boundary line of lot 1, E 40, S 113 to S
boundary line of said lot, W to SW corner of
said lot. N 112 to beginning, being \V portion
lot 1 block D, Hopkins Terrace map 2. Oak
land;" $10..
State Savings Bank and R. J. McMullen
(single) to' Clarence W. Peck, lots 21 and 20,
resubdlvision Home View Tract, Berkeley,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Clarence W. and Winnie H. Peck to Herbert
P. Johnson, lot 21. resubdivision Home View
Tract. Berkeley; ?10.
E. E. and Laura J. Newton to W. G. Need
ham, E 10 feet of lot 1, block D, belnc re
maining portion of said lot not conveyed to
J B. Thomas, being E portion of said lot 1,
Hopkins Terrace map 2. Berkeley; $10.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 23.
Edwin Nelson et al. to Our Savior's Danish
Evangelical Lutheran Church (corporation), lot
on S' line of Athens avenue. 215 W of San
Pablo avenue, W 75 by S l>2. lota 11, 12 and
H y^ lot 13. Cordes Tract, Oakland; valuable
consideration.
Laura I. Lawrence to L. S. and Jane E.
Buckley (wife), lot on NW line of Piedmont
(Webster) avenue. 455 SW of- Moss avenue,
SW 101, NW 103:4, NE 105. SE 221:7 to
beginning portion plat, 8, Hitchcock property,
Oakland;. $10. \u2666
A J. Russell et al. to George H. Strong,
lot 'on W line of Oak street, 276 N of Four
teenth, N 57:6 by W 160, Oakland; $10.
John A. Buck et al. to H. B. Belden, lots
39 to 55. 57 to 60, W % lot 13, lots 14 to 32,
Cordes Tract. Oakland; $10.
H. S. McKeen (single) to P. G. Maclntyre,
lot on NE line of East Twenty-sixth street,
127:6 SE of Nineteenth avenue, SE 75 by
NE 140. block 89, Northern Addition to Brooke
lyn. East Oakland; $10.
C. M. and E. McLeran or McLaren to M.
X Jacobus (femme sole), lot on SW line of
Lincoln avenue, 115 NW of Oak street. NW
37.&0, SW 00, SE 52.60, NE 50, NW 15, NE
40 to beginning, portion lots 4 and 6, block
E. Cltnton Mound Tract, Brooklyn, East Oak
land; also lot on SE line of Watson avenue.
fi8.72 SW of Lincoln avenue. SW 4a.52. \u25a0 BB
123:10. NE 40. NW 100.72 to beginning, por*
tion lots 1. 2 and 3. block B. same. East Oak
land;' $10. •
B. M. and Alicp E. Dodge (wife) to Max
Dlenetap, lot on NE line of Hillside avenue,
2.T0.74' NW from Intersection with N line of
Blair avenue, NW 48. E 181.15, SE 48 to a
point fte.. W 133.52 to beginning; lot 19, block
D, Central Piedmont Tract. Oakland Town-
ship: $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Frances
H. Borel. W SO feet of lots 3 and 4. block 0,
Fairvlew" Park. Oakland. Berkeley and Oak
land Township, Oakland Township: $10.
M H. Rnd Edith M. Durst (wife) to W.
A. Hackley (single), lot on a line of Ashby
avenue 2G2:2 W of Bhattuck avenue, W 50
by S 105, lot 6, Bnd portion lot 20, blm?k L,
map A. portion Newbury Tract -in plat 61.
Peralta Rancho. Bork^ley; $10.
Harvey S» and Laura S. Haseltlna to M.
P. W Albee, lot on E line of Florence street,
105 N of Anhby avenue. N 130 by E ISO,
lots 3 and 4 block C. Claremont Tract. Berke
ley: $10. .
Abble D. Winter* and Georpe L. Lewis to
Fortuno Astrupn, lot-nn N line of L'ncoln
avenue 282.33 E o' Everett street, E 32 by
N 193:3, Alameda; $10,
EEECT MONUMENT
TO JOSEPH SMITH
Mormons Show Honor to the
Memory of Founder of
Their Faith.
SOUTH ROYALTON, , Vermont, Dec.
23. — In memory' 'pf Joseph •. Smith,
founder of the Mormon faith, a monu
ment, which had been erected on the
site of his birthplace, was dedicated to
day. The memorial is: located in the
town of Sharon, three miles from this
village, where in a little -farm house
Joseph Smith was born. 100 years ago
on December 24, 1805. ,
The monument was unveiled by Miss
Abble WeUa, . daughter of Julian F.
Wells, a prominent Utah Mormon, with
whom the project of erecting the me
morial originated.
Several hymns were sung during the
exercises by soloists >nd a" quartet.
The. monument is of dark granite,
highly polished. Its total height is
fifty: feet' two inches and it Is said to
be the largest polished granite monu
ment in the country. .
'\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0 . '\u25a0 \u0084.-""' ;\u2666.' — ~
i Necessity knows no law, but that is no
excuse for a lawyer.: .
TO INVESTIGATE
CAR ACCIDENTS
Labor Council Appoints a
Committee to Find Cause
of Peril in City Traffic
NEW OFFICEES CHOSEN
Unions Announce Eesults of
the Elections— Bricklayers
Send Representative East
The Labor Council in meeting last night
appointed a committee to investigate
the cause of the numerous car accidents
happening of late.
The anti-Japanese employment com
mittee was augmented by election of the
following members; E. Coope, D.
Schwarting, J. Kean, J. Delaney. J. Fu-r
very, G. Bower, E. Ellison, J. Jacoby,
p. Schanenberg, E. Johnson, G. Uncle
man, P. O'Brien, T. Kraut, J. Staughton,
F. Clark. The following unions an
nounced the results of their elections:
Iron Holders' Union. Local No. 164—
President, J. Fields; vice president, F.
Sullivan and J. B. Hazen; financial secre
tary and business agent. I.' A. Sullivan;
recording secretary, R. W. Burton; treas
urer, James de Succa, doorkeeper, P.
Lamer; inductor, D. .Hpßeran; executive
board, M. Egan, William P. McCabe, A.
Wynn. J R. Simmons, Ed Dillon, F.
Whacker, F. Sullivan, I. A. Sullivan, J.
Warner," H. Edwards, T. Hurd; trustees,
J. Fields, George Schwable, D. Dowd, M.
Aheran, J. Dletz, Thomas Disher, L. P.
Marner; auditing committee, R. Eichel
man, F. Moss, D. Viano, E. Schnell; dele
gates to the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil, J. W. Walsh. William. P. McCabe, F.
Whacker, A. Wynn. J. Fields, M. Aher
an, 11. Egan, J. Gorman. J. Barrett; dele
gates to the Iron Trades Council, J. Gor
man. A. E. Schnell. F. Whacker. William
Healey; doctor, George Purlenky, M. IX,
H. Toner, M. D., Leo Munter, M. D.. Mc-
Lean, M. D,, Taggarrt. M. D., Bennett.
M. D. y \u25a0•; ':\u25a0;,
Molders* Auxiliary No. I— President J.
Vegones; vice president. Jack Graf; sec
retary, J. Wyne, treasurer. L. Roth;
doorkeeper, A. Trayssec.
Steam Laundry Workers* Union—Presi
dent, D. J. Gorman; vice president, An
nie Mullin; secretary, Carrie Parmer;
treasurer, Robert. B. Ewing; sergeant-at
arms, John Morris: finance committee,
Harry Godsil; executive committee— Fred
Graham, Emma O'Keefe, Bertha Ken
nedy, Walter Ferguson. Charles Derry,
James Farren, Harry Hartman, James
Magunson and Albert Fritchy; examin
ing committee, C. B. Scully and B. Peter;
trustees, Al J. Brown and Clarence Ho
gan; business agent, Harry Clunie; dele
gates to the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil—Mrs. L. C. Wadren, Emma O'Keefe,
D. J. Gorman, Annie Mullin. Harry Clu
nje, Fred Graham, Carl Fritchy, Annie
Hartman, Carrie Parmer and W. Fergu
son; delegates to the California State
Federation of Labor— D. J. Gorman, Rob
ert Ewing and Annie Mullin.
Barbers' Union— President, Charles Die
sel; vice president, J. M. Love; recording
secretary, Mr. Dumont; .financial secre
tary, Joseph Billey; guide, Mr. Anthony:
guard, Charles Koop; trustees, Walker.
Crleber and Rock.
Ceramic, Mosaic and Encaustic Tile
layers' Helpers' International Union-
President, J. Crawford; vice president,
G. O. Leary; recording secretary. C. Mur
phy; financial secretary. J. McKeever;
treasurer, B. Harris; conductor, J. Fick
en; marshal. P. Nager.
Sheet Metal Workers— President. Joseph
Dennis: vice president, Joseph E. Murray;
financial secretary, George McGrath; re
cording secretary, D. J. Cavanagh: corre
sponding secretary, A. J. Green; .warden,
Thomas McGowan; conductor, A. E.
Green; trustee for a year and a half, J. J.
Doyle: delegates to the Building Trades
Council, Thomas Carroll, James Mcc and
Thomas Reynolds; treasurer, George Eng
ler; delegates to the District Council of
Sheet Metal Workers, George Engler. J.
Leary and William Commerf ord ; business
agent. Joseph Dennis.
Wool Sorters' Union No. So23— President,
James Cunningham; vice president, Sam
Drugan; recording secretary, J. J. Ryan;
financial secretary, M. Brown; treasurer,
Dan Donovan; sergeant at arms, Joseph
Ginity; delegate to the,, San Francisco
Labor Council, Sam Drugan.
Painters' Union, Local No. 9SB—Presi
dent, William. Kane; vice president, J. J.
Burns; recording secretary, T. J. Dwyer;
financial secretary, M. J. Fitzgerald;
treasurer, J. Horton; conductor, G. Ben
nett; warden, J. Walsh; trustees, J, A."
Lee, C. Whiteman and H. Rodemaker;
delegates to District Council of Painters,
T. J. Dwyer, Ed Eagan and G. Bennett;
delegat to Japanese-Korean Exclusion
League, T. J. Dwyer.
Painters' Union No. 19— President, A.
E. Smith; vice president, Ray Van Al
stine; recording secretary, Frank Ber
gen; financial secretary. William G.
Walsh; conductor, J. Gorf; warden,
Dave Michel: trustees^ — James Small
bone, Phil Klley; delegates to Building
Trades Council — Phil Klley. Thomas
Linton. H. F. Sheehan, M. Norton, A. E.
Smith. Nick Smith. Ed McLean. J. E.
Dill, J. Dennis, H. O. Klrby, F. W.
Lentz, Z. F. Roy, W. G. Walsh, William
Farmer, J. B. Fleming, George Corne
lius, T. C. Lynch, J. S. Thomas. W. L.
Reed, George Bowen, Frank Bergen, A.
C. Harinque; delegates to Painters' Dis
trict CouncU — Walter Campbell, A. E.
Smith, M. Norton, R. Weltknecht, H. O.
Kirby, William Smith, Thomas Linton,
J. B. Fleming, Frank Thompson, Frank
Ambrose, James Smallbone. William
O'Talllan. F. W. Lentz, George Bowen,
Al Morrison, 'J. S. Thomas, Ed McLean,
1 E. J. Connors. F. E. Stranahan, Frank
Davis, J. E. Dill, L. Altman. Nick Smith.
A. C. Larlnque. T. C. Lynch. D. O. Mi
chel. R. Van Alstlne, John Foley. W. L.
need, H. F. Sheehan, Phil Kiley, O. Cor
nelius. C. Lillywhlte. Dell Wilson,
Frank Bergen, Walter Turner, W. G.
Walsh, William Gilday, A. F. Imperial.
IT. D. "Beig. William Morelock, Frank
Williams, Fred Reed. J; M. Smith,
Thomas Bayliss, Thomas Moran, James
J. Burns, J. Gorf, J> Dennis, C. Bush
welt; trustee to Organized Labor, A. E,
Smith; trustee to Progressive Planing 1
Mill Company, Thomas Linton; business
agent, F. W. Lentz; executive board—
Al Morrison, Robert Weltknecht. H. F.
Sheehan. J. S. Thomas, George Bower!
Barber Shop Porters and Bathhouse
Employes' Union— President, Monty Al
lan; vice president, George W. Asher; re
cording secretary, Horace A. Harby;
financial secretary. Miss Mayde Bullwln
kel; treasurer. Miss , Annie O'Connell;
guide, E. B. StoUe; guard, H. Lenken;
business agent, Monty Allan; delegates to
San Francisco Labor Council. H. A. Har
by; trustees, Monty Allan, Agnes Duran
and Denis J. O'Shea.
Brewery • Workmen and Maltster 3*
Branch— President, Patrick O'Brien; vice
president, Albert Pfoendler; secretary and
treasurer, Frederick Hansen; sergeant at
arms, F.' Weishelmer; examination com
mittee, Albert PXoendler and S. J. Voiz;
union executive. Pat O'Brien and Freder
ick Hansen.'
Lumbermen's Union — President,. Matt
Kerr; vice president, Ray Pratt; record
ing secretary, George A. Hansen; finan
cial secretary, L. Buckley; treasurer, Ed
Jones; sergeant at arm*. Peter Buckley;
sentinel and janitor. M.Dalton; business
agent, J. C. Williams; trustees, William
Pettingill.F. Pearson, F. Spencer. J. W.
Sullivan, William McGoldrlck, George
Dunbar and D. K. Cummlngs; delegate to
RYAN SCORED
BY WILLIAMS
Former President of the
S&aboard Air Line Dis
cusses the Hecent Deal
PEEDICTS A DOWNFALL
Says Alleged Philanthropist
Will Not Dare to Bring
Suit Against Him for Libel
BALTIMORE. Dec. 23.— "What do
you think of Thomas F. Ryan as a phil
anthropist?" was asked to-day of John
Skelton Williams of Richmond, former
president of the Seaboard Air Lino sys
tem. Williams laughed and said:
"My sense of the ridiculous Is invari
ably aroused when I read of tha pro
fessions of virtue and publio spirit and
the protestation of philanthropy by Mr.
Ryan. When I first read that h« had
purchased the Equitable stock to save,
the company and protect the policy
holders my lungs, like those of Jacques
in *As You Like It,' began to crow like
a chanticleer. When I was told by the
newspapers what Harriman's experi
ence had been with tho philanthropist
I think I laughed a long half hour by
the church clock.
"I don't rejoice over the misfortunes
or mistakes of any other man. To tell
the truth I would rather laugh at my
self. I don't give up a fight easily
when I feel that I have been wronged,
and I am not yet sure that Ryan ha 3
won the object of his transactions with
me, which was the control of the Sea
board Air Line Railway system. How
ever that may be, I did hope that I
might serve as a horrible example, a
solemn warning:, an ominous bone at
the mouth of the wolf's den or some
thing of that kind.
"Yet, here comes Harriman. Justly
esteemed as one of the shrewdest,
sharpest and most thoroughly sophisti
cated masters of finance in the world,
and walks into the same trap. I do
not say or suppose that he believed any
i more than I do or than you do or any
body else on earth does, that Ryan was
purely disinterested and working for
our fine old friend. Pro Bono Publico.
Like me, however, he did accept Ryan'3
solemn and repeated personal assuranca
of personal good faith.
"I imagine that Ryan has a certain
sardonic humor. Reflecting that he had
the swag safely stored, he must have
laughed and then, straightening his feat
ures with solemn sanctity, gone to the
front to bow to the public and say that
he had done the whole thing to prevent a
panic— and to make a name for himsel?.*
"He Is right about that part of it. I
think he haa established and perpetuated
for himself several names of a kind usu
ally preceded by a \T among the pro
fane, by such words as 'infamous,' or
'despicable,' among the more moderate
and invariably resented by the self-re
specting and sensitive.
"One of Ryan's merits is that he
knows himself and understands his
status pretty well. He never has sued
anybody for libel. I wish he would
sue me— or you— with the understand
ing that I am to pay the coats and the
verdict and that I be allowed to sustain
my allegations by evidence on mitaga
tion of the damages.
"Mark what I tell you when I pre
dict that he win live to be laughed at.
as he has made laughter and forced his
more philosophic victims to laugh at
themselves!"
EIGHT JIKX ARE KILLED
WHILE WORKING IN MINE
IRONWOOD. Mich., Dec. 23.— Eight
men were killed to-day by a fall of
1000 tons of ore from a slip on the
1300-foot level of the Newport mine In
Ironwood.
The dead: Joel Harru, John Frank,
Peter Demerrer, James B. Lynch. Alex
ander Pareabcare, Nick Cregovgil, Joe
Luckner, Frank Trail.
On account of the great danger from
drifting ore and broken timbers sev
eral days will probably elapse before*
the bodies are recovered.
City Front Federation, George F. 3lc-
Manua, R. E. Byrne and J. C. Williams.
Elevator Constructors' Union No. &—
President, TV. G. Wigmore; vice presi
dent, Edward. Oliver; financial secretary.
Chester Leatham; recording secretary,
Edward Pool; treasurer, Edward W. Mc-
Gee; warden. Jobn Stoly; sergeant at
arms. H. Hendrickson ; ' executive boavd.
B. W. McGee. William J. Wlgrmore. Ed
Pool, Karl Kalson and C. W. Heywood.
Stationary Firemen, Local No. 86—
President, Daniel Dunn; vica president,
Leo Harris; financial secretary and busi
ness agent, Joseph Mulhare; recording
secretary, Emll F. Keant; treasurer, C.
A. Shea; guide, Thomas Miller; guardian,
William Keane; reporter, Emll F. Keant.
Millwrights' Union. Local No. 766—
President, George W. Martin; first vloe
president, William Erkelens; second vice
president. Frederick Barne; treasurer.
Harvey Spaulding; recording secretory,
F. L. Luce; financial secretary. C. A- Kin
near; conductor. G. Barnesgrover; war
den, J. H. Hanley; auditors. W. H. Pratt
and J. P- Miller; trustee. William Erke
lens; delegates to the District Council of
Carpenters and Joiners., William H.
Pratt and William Erkelens; delegates
to the Building Trades Council, H.
Spauldlng, J. Westoby and J. P. Miller.
Bartenders' International League. Lo
cal No. 41— President, George Ferris; first
vice president, E. Gundlach; second vice
president, P. J. Walsh; financial secre
tary, P. L. Hoff; recording secretary, J.
F. Holman; business agent. Al Condrotte;
treasurer. J. Rlngen; Inspector, P. Tully;
guards, H. Flathmann and C. H. Don
lan: trustees, T. M. Scully, W. H. Ryan
and W. Fehlmelcher; executive board O.
i Hakanson, M. H. Clark, J. Rlngen. W.
Fehlmelcher and E. Gundlach; delegates
to local joint executive board, J. E. Vera,
P. L. Hoff and George Ferris; delegates
to the San Francisco Labor Council, E. F.
Leamon, Al Condrotte, P. L. Hoff, A.
Zimmerman, H. Flathmann, J. H. Peters
and P. J. Walsh.
. International Union of Stationary Bn
gineers, Local No. B£— President, D. Dunn;
vice president. L. Harris; financial secre
tary and huslness agent, Joseph Mulhare;
recording secretary, E. F. Kraut; guide,
Thomas Miller; guardian, William Kean;
: and J. H. Smith, sixth international vice
president.
The Bricklayers' Union elected Richard
Hopkins as its delegate to the interna
tional convention of bricklayers, which
takes place in Minneapolis, January 8,
and fltn-O was voted to defray his ex
penses.
The following circular was received re
garding the strike of molders and core
nnJcers:
"Molders and Core Makers' Unions
throughout the United States by the Mold
ers' Union of Racine, Wis.
"Brothers: The firm of J. I. Case Tool
ani Machine Company is sending agents
throughout the country for th© purpose of
inducing molders and core makers to seek
employment at its works, claiming that
the. strike, which has been on for nearly
a* year. Is over. This Is a deliberate He
r.ml all molders are requested to keep
clear of these worka until officially noti
fied by the Racine Local, No. 210. that the
strike has been successfully won.
"P. GFROERER, Secretary,"
'TCTaiHaWfih« niiMißi miMiim mr Vii lisMMi TifTrnl
4546
LINERS CARRY
FEW PASSENGERS
A laineda Sails for Honolulu
and Pacific 31 ail Steamer
City of Para for Panama
ABRIVES FROM HAMBURG
Kosmos Company's Pentaur
Brings Fair Cargo and
Big Shipment of Treasure
Xol.ody travels at Christinas time
urless he lias to nnd as a result the
liiior Alamcda. which failed yesterday
foi Hoiioi.'iu. carried only about thirty
pasFengcrs and they all looked very
forlorn ?.p they stood on the liners
decks, waved good-by and wished
• Merry Christmas" to their friends on
the wharf. For those blessed with Im
munity; from seasickness there will be
:? Christmas dinner to-morrow evening
and ili^re probably will be a cheering:
up ;ill around, for the Alameda is fa
mous for the quality of her table fare.
• •;irso has no Christinas ties and the
Ai.im^-ja took away her usual amount
of froigtit.
The Panama liner City of Para,
which also failed yesterday, like the
'.Uameda, carried few passengers.
.\mons those who sailed on the Para,
m«is S. F. Jones, who goes to the Pa
.'<•<• Mail Company's ticket office at
Panama. Jones for some time has
liccn • inploy^d in the company's pass
or.cf-r department in this city and his
transfer -to Panama is promotion for
him.
Hvv. Jsudore Bubaye and Rev. Ber
ir.imi lIouKS?y are missionaries from
Tahiti and are on their way to Callao.
Miss F. C. Aiken. sister of the editor
oi Siiiis^t, was alsu a passenger on
i . j** i .i r«-.
The Para's first class passenger list
«.". K. Stephen and wife. Harry La
Montague. J. May. C K. Methven; Mrs.
K. l>. Moisant. S. F. Jones. Rev. Isi
dore Bubaye, Rev. Bertrand Houssay,
H. A. Schofleld. Walter Albin. Low
Ci;e^. l^eung N'g. l^ee Mak. Low Chan,
\u25a0j'on Vu. Ix)w Hon. A. F. Morehouse,
William A. Xoblc, Sol Cohn and wife,
R: Banientes and wjfe. Miss .F. C.
A l ken.
There were twenty steerage passen
<i'rs and thirteen Chinese.
Itrias^i Treasiir*
The Kosraos liner Pentaur.- which
arrived l;ite Friday night from Ham
lj.-.n-jf suid .South and Central American
forts. pass»«l quarantine <-«irly yester
•i-..; morning- and landed her passen
frvrs jbout s o'clock. She brought
J.TOij tons of cargo and treasure val
\.i.-A at $50,000. In addition to this
Tr*> :l «iirp she brought a shipment of
vr.luable ore. Heavy gales eneount(?red
y.Ji.ilo crossing the Gulf of Tehuante-
Tn-t delayed the Pentaur and caused
.*.-:• to reach this port about two days
later than had been expected. Her
passengers were: G. Kawamura. B. X*
.^\u25a0••raii.-inison, Misruel Gutierrez, P.
Keating; F. Gutierrez. F. Tsikawa, N.
*i;e<i!i and E. Avanso.
iK-a'li Calls Wfil-Kncnn Captains.
.««;« was reccivea at tiio Merchants
EKcbahgre yesterday of the death of two
captains, both well known here and
in nearly every important port in the
"world. CapUtin George Calhoun. mas
t«r of the bark George Curtis*, died yes
terday at his home in Alameda of pneu
mivnia. Captain Calhoim's wife, who
•was stricken with the same complaint
n;id is still confined to her bed, is said
to be on the road to recovery.
. T4ic other death was that of Captain
IT.- V. Gates of the American ship S.
I*. Hitchcock. He died en December 20
fit .Li'vernool.
Both captains were men of splendid
tharacter and the kind of masters the
American merchant marine can ill af
ford to lose.
The Overdue I,lst.
The vessels on the overdue list are
.quoted for reinsurance as follows:
Dumfriesshire, 10 per cent; Craigmore,
ltl per cent, and Alsterr.ixe, 10 per cent.
Wator Front Aotes.
The. new German schooner Eanijen
Rakijen. Captain Schmidt, cleared yes
terday for Jaluit.
The United States revenue cutter
Hugh McCulloch returned yesterday
from a short ocean cruise.
The revenue cutter, Daniel Manning
arrived on Friday at Honolulu. /
The liner Sonoma and the United
States cruiser Chicago, both from this
port, arrived at Honolulu yesterday.
The liner Manchuria, outward bound,
l«-ft Honolulu on Friday.
The liner Ventura is due to-morrow
from the Antipodes and Honolulu.
NEWS OK THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
• m The German sch<x>ncr Eanijen Itaki>pn was
cl»-ar«»d yesterday for Jaluit. Marshall Inlands,
with cargo valued at $.1437 and including the
f'Howing: ;v.#) cs cannf-d poods. 30 crts po
tatoes and onions. 15 bbls 40 half bbls mess
beef. IS pkg» in»<-eries and provisions. 25.012
ft lurubor. 1200 Ra is gasoline. 2400 gal* dis
tillat». 11 cs lamp goods, c ba>s twine 2
l-kgs i millwork. 2 ca clocks. 2 bbls lubricating
utl, 2 »urnps, ;> ucs pipe.
A Cargro for Honolulu.
The bark George Curtis was cleared ye»
terday for Honolulu with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at 5e7,7J>3. The cargo
included the following: 330 bbls flour 1187
ctls wheat. 6481 ctls barley, 73 ctls oats 791
21 rr- ra ,- »«> bftlw hay. 11.470 lbs meals.
%u> :bs , bcan f- n - ot2 »b« middlings and bran
I*lo »ra!s wine. 157 gals whisky »5 eali
hrsndy. 25 ct cln. 1000 cs canned salmon «(>
c "' n^ Boods. 25 bbls 4 half' bbla
Pickled salmon. 40 pkgs paste, 20 bbls beef
-100 Ihe coffee, 5225 Ibs 16 pkrs dried fruit,
fn> 100 pts millwork, 30 coils rope 270 cs
rtynami:*. 360 kegs 150 cs powder. S nkz-s
SJS^St^Lf r^? flng - m ro!Ts building
I>aj*r 2« bbls pitch. 350 cs soap, 63 pkgs pa
\- r - Cl 3C 13 P / KB lubrtc£ "ng oil. 51 pkgs faints
J. pkgs dry roods. 20<i tons sulphate of
ammonia. 100 cs Uns*ed oil, 24,074 lbs pig
lead, n crts sewing machines and parts 2750
x*le rasoline. MOO ga!s disilllate. 20 " pkes
rr i ?*°£, ma L erla , 1 - M cs matches. .%0 pes pipe.
MA! bdls shingles. <; pkgs machinery, GlSt! ft
hardwood. 33 mules.
The City of I>arn> < nr K o.
_ Tbe steamer City of Para, sailed yesterday
CMT Ancon and way ports with a general mer
chandise <argo valued at JIW.M7 to be dl«
irlbutwl o* follows:: For Central America
Ha. f.S.'J: New $57,r.22; Trinidad Island
SOW; Jamaica, f 100; Germany. $375»5 The foil
lowing were thr principal shipment's:
To Central America— <sls2 bbli flour 2653
Kais 73 cs wine. 502 gal* 302 c» whisky 6
«i. beer. 547 lbs 3 cs cheese. II cs spirits
<w5 lbs ham and bacon. 35 pkgs groceries and
{.'revisions. 21 crts paste. 956 lb» 2 cs mill-
Muffs. 1320 lbs codfish, 2872 lbs lard 6521
bs FpJoes. 3410 Jbs rice. lOCS lbs 7 pkgs dried
lruit. 1913 lbs 9 c» raisins. 343 lbs bread 57
<s olives. 34 cs salad oii. 123 cs assorted
tanned goods, S9 cs canned salmon, 102 crta
j.otatoes. 9 crts onions. 38 bxs fresh fruits,
"1.200 lbs cement, 141, 687 ft lumber, 20 crts
roofing material. 41 bdls 153 peg iron. W bars
27 bdls steel. 142 steel ni\s. JK) pkjs paints,
129 cs coal oil, S cs tar 4 colls rope 22 CB3
lbs= taJlow, 9013 lbs soda. 592 lbs potash 25
bbls cocoanut oil. 47 pkR» dry yoods, 592* lbs
IKitash. 8 Mis brooms. 29C0 lbs reson, 100 bdls
i--hooks. 18 reels wire. 20.139 ibs soap gTease,
21 pk£S wapon material. 22 pkrs acid, 0 bbls
H3 cs oils. 22.0(10 lbs bluestone. 530 sks coal,
2 bdl» leather. 43 pkgrs machinery-
To Mexico — 100 bbls flour,' 15 crts potatoes.
* Crts onions. 50 gals wine. «01 lbs drfed
fruit. 10 bxs fresh fruits, 6 cs mineral water,
* plcgs groceries and prm-islons. 209 pkg*
hhooks. 3 kfgs i.ails. 2 coils rope, l'pkr ma-
To Panama— 7269 tain wln«. 410 c» canned
GERMAN' BARK AL.STERNIXE WELL. ICXOWN HERE, WHICH IS MAKING
IX)NG VOYAGE FROM HAMBURG- TO PAXTA ROSALIA. SIIK IS OUT ISI
DATS AND IS REINSURED AT 10 TEP. CENT.
salmon. fIS cs assorted canned Roods. 5500 lhs
garlic 7S>»6 Ibe beans, -f«i> crts potatoes, 315
ort« onions, 400 lbs codfish, 150 lbs dried fruit.
To Colombia — I«V> bbls flour. 300 gals wine.
2 rrtm potatoes atrl onirus.
To N>x» Y0rk— 117,470 gals wine. 201 cs
boner. 72 flasks quicksilver. 16,:;»0 lbs dry
li.dps 2*.<>>o ibs gr'a*> wool. 600.56S lbs pig
lead 'IIS bal«>s junk. 4 bales hair.
To Trinidad Island— lso cs canned salmon.
To .lumaica — 25 cp canned salmon.
To Germany— B4 cs drugs, 100 Mils shells.
Xotloe to Mariners.
BLUXTS REEF 1..10HT V ESS EI-»—CALI
FORNIA.
<I.:st of Lrights and Fog Signals. Pacific
Cca?f. 1804. rape ?0. No. 53, and Last of
IJshts, Buoys and Daymarks, Pacific Coast.
I!>f-5. rage H2. >
Located l's miIPS SW. «* S. from Blunts
Tc-ef, off th» sea coast of California, and 4Va
mil^s \VS\V. southerly from Cape Mf-ndoclno
lighthouse. ;\u25a0:- :
This vessel dragged h«r moorings on the
night of December 18 and is r.ow approximate
ly 3 miles SW. % W. from lilunts reef, and
a"bout 54 mtks SW. by IV % from Cape Men
dorlno lighthouse. She will resume her sta
tion as soon as practicable.
SAN FRANCISCO ENTRANCE—CALOFOR
NIA.
(List of I-Jshts, Buoys and Daymarks, Pa
cific Coesi. I*os. ra«*> 20. >
Notice is also elven that Oceansid* buoy
No. 2. a red first-clays nun, located G-1O mile
Vk\ *» S. ;rom <>2eanr<id*! house, entrant-^ San
Francisco bay, heretofore r-. iiorted adrift, was
replar-ed Dtcemher i 2.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
11. T. MAYO,
Comniacder, V. S. S., Inspector, Twelfth
Lighthouse Districts
SHIPI»IXtt IXTELL.IGEXCE.
ARRIVKD
Saturday, December 23.
IT S etmr Hugh McCiiUoch, Car.tivell, from
cruise.
Btmr Buckman. GlllesDie. 70 hours from Se
attle.
t-tnir "Westoort, Hansen, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Jam^s S Higrglns, Hisgrlns. 46 hours
from San Pedro, via Port Harford Ul hours.
Stmr Pomor.a, Swanson, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Porno, Reirj«-rtsen, 12- hours from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Geor«te Loomis, Seddon, 27 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Vaneuard, Odland. 4". hours from San
Pedro.
ritmr Brooklyn, Haneen, 15 hours from Men
doclno.
Power Fchr Newark, Johnson, 14 hours from
Byxbees I.andlnx.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinae.
Barjce 3, Daniels, 30 hours from Port Har
ford In tf>w of tvs Sea Rover.
CLEARED.
Saturday. December 23.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell, Honolulu; J. D.
Screckels & Bros. Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson, San Pedro; P C
s a Co.
Stmr City of Para, Brown, Ancon; P M
S S Co.
Stmr Enterprise. Youngsrren. Honolulu and
IIllo; J. D. SDreckels & Bros. Co.
Bark Gatberar, Enart, New Tork, via Ta
coma; Bowiinc & Co.
Ger schr Eanljon Rakljon (new), Schmtde,
Jaumit; Willlama, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 23.
Stmr Olympic, Hanson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Enterprise, YounggTen, Honolulu and
Hllo. .
Stmr City of Para. Brown, Ancon.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stmr Senator, Lloyd, Portland.
Schr John A. Olsen, Eureka.
Schr Orient, Saunder?. Willar^a Harbor.
Bchr Oreeon. Anderson. Coquille River.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOf". Dec. 23—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DISASTER.
SEATTLE. Dec. 23. — Stmr Portland, from
Juneau. Jor Seattle, Is on the rocks at Ketch
ikan. No oartlculars.
Rtmr Portland, previously reported. Is
aEhore on Spire Island, ft- miles south of
Ketchlkan; is leaking badly; water is above
the boilers; pafwngers are being taken to
Ketchlkan in small boats; lt is thought the
vessel will be a total loss.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr
San Pedro, from Eureka.
EVERETT— SaiIed Dec 23— Schr Bangor. for
Ean Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Grajß Harbor.
Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Melville Dollar, from
Grays Harbor; stmr Shasta, from Belllngham.
• Sailed Dec 23— Stmrs Franda H Leggett and
Norwood, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed in Dec 23— Schr Tau
rus, from San D1«ko, for Everett; etmr City
of Puebla. hence Dec 21, for Seattle. Passed
out — Schr Ruth E Godfrey, from Everett, for
San Pedro; stmr Czarina, from Comox. for
San Franetoco.
Pasnted in Feb 23 — Fr bark Grande Duchesse
O!-i. hence Dec 18.
EUREKA- Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Lakme.
from San Pedro: stmr Corona, hence Dec 22.
Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Gualala. for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Noyo, hence Dec 22.
Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria.
Sailed Dee 22— Schr Esther Buhne, for San
Francleco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr Oregon,
from Valdez: Btmr Harold Dollar, hence. Dec
IS. .
Sailed Dec 23 — Schr Snow & Bunress. for
San Francisco; ship America, for West Coast.
Sailed Dec 23, 4 p m — Stmr Watson, for
San Franc!sco.»
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr F A Kil
burn, from Coca Bay.
Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec.?3 — Stmr Bee. hence Dec 21.
Arrived Dec 23 — Schr Beulab. from San
Pedro.
Arrived Dec 23 — Schr Forest Home, from
Redondo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 23— Schr
Lottie Bennett, from Santa Rosalia.
MONTEREY— Arrived Dec 23— Schr San
tiazo. hence Dec 22.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr Tremont,
from Yokohama,
Failed Dec 22— Schr Fred E Sander, for To
, polobampo.
THE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 124, 1905.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Dec 22— Strar
I James S Hig-gins. from San Pedro.
' Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Argyll, for San Fran-
I Cisco.
EVERETT- Sailed Dec 22— Schr Ruth E
I Godfrey, for San Pedro.
I BKLUXGHAM-Salled Dec 22— Bktn Jane
j U Plar.f.irJ. for Fan Pedro.
! REDOXDO— Arrived J.'ec 22— Stmr Rival,
| from Santa Barbara.
Arrived Dec S3 — Stmr Norwood, from San
Pedro.
j Sailed Dec 23— Sttnr Rival and stnir Nor
wocd for San Francisco.
; SAN MEGO— Arrived Dec 22— Schr Minnie
I A Cain?, from i?an Pedro.
j Arrived Doc 2."! — Schr Minnie A Came, from
San Pedrc. >
ABERDEEN— SaiIed Deo. 22— Stmr Grace
Dollar, stmr Newbunr, »stmr Aberdeen and
stnir G C I*indau<>r. for San Francisco: bktn
I Wrestler, for Sail Petlro; schr Lizzie Vance,
j for San Francisco: Schr Fearlem, for Guay
mas; Fchr Sophie Christenson and bktn News
boy, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.,
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 22— Nor stmr Mei
derakin, for Colon.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 22— U S stmr
Daniel Manninsr. bence Dec 13. .
Sailed Dec, 22^— Stnir Manchuria, for Hong
kons ' \u25a0';.\u25a0\u25a0 i..-. \u25a0•'. ;i'o •>."..\u25a0\u25a0-..-
Arrived Dec '2.T — Stmr" Sonoma, hence Dec
16; U S stmr Chicaeo. from cruise.
FOREIGN PORTS.
1 VICTORIA— Arrived Dec 2.1— 8r etmr Mio
wera, from Brisbane; Br stnir Croydon, from
Astoria.
Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr City of Pucbla, hence
i Dec 21. V.' '
I Called- Dec 21— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco. "V .: v
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 23— Ger stmr
Nioomedfa. from Portland. Or.
j Arrived prior Dec 23 — Stmr China, hence
I Nov. 25.
i PISAGUA — In i>ort Nov I—Br1 — Br bark Bal
more. for Portland. Or.
GUAYAQUIL — billed Det 7 — Ge- smr Aby
dc«. for Humbunr.
MONTEVIDEO — Sailed Dec B—Ger8 — Ger Btmr
Ainmon. for Hambure.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Dec 7— Ger stmr
Nauulia. for Hamburg
I OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived . Dec 23 — Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Ca
manla. from New York.
PITNTA ARENAS— Arrived Dec IS— Stmr
I Uarda. from Hambunr, etc. for San Francleco.
j' NEW YORK. Doc 23— Stmr Noordam. from
Rotterdam, ill, communication with Cape Race
at 10:40 a m; stmr Zeeland, from Antwerp and
Dover, in communication by wireless telegraph
with station at Cape Race. N F, at 4 p m.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr La Lor
raine, frcm Havre.
Sailed Deo 23— Stmr Europe, for Baltimore:
Btmr Finland, for Antwerp; stmr Etrurla, for
Liverpool; stmr St Paul, for Southampton;
stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg; stmr Astoria, for
Glaseow; etmr Minnetonka, for London.
LONDON— Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Columbian,
for Boston.
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr La Touraine,
for >!ew York. \u25a0 .
ANTWERP— SaiIed Dec 23— Stmr South
wark for New York.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Cretic. from
New Y'>rk; stmr Sicilla, from New York.
Sailed Dec 20 — Ktmr Liguria, for New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Furnes
cla, from New York; stmr Ethlopa, from New
York.
MARSEILLES — Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Ger
mania, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec 23 — Stmrs Campa
nia and Armenia, for New York.
GREENOCK— SaiIed Dec 23— Stmr Sardin
ian, for Boston.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Dec 23 — Stmr Staten
dam, for New York. •
BREMEN— SaiIed Dec 23— Stmr Branden
burir. for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Dec 23— Stmr St
Louis, for Now York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr New
York, from Southampton and Cherbourg;
stmr Caronia, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Memoranda.
Captain E. V.- Gates, late, master of the
ship S. P. Hitchcock, died suddenly on De
cember 20 at LlverDOOl '
Nor stmr Reldar, which sailed - from San'
Francisco Dec 22, for Nanaimo, anchored off
the bar the nlKht of. Dec 22. 10 p m, on ac
count of steam pipe blowing out, and sailed
Dec 23, Sam.
Stmr Portland, above reported, has part of
keel Kone; prospects for floating doubtful ;
cerxo of <SCO tons of ore being landed. /
Crab flshlng-boat swamped down off -Point
Pedro, containing two men, • one Michael Ba
rone: both are supposed to have been lost.
Name of other occupant was • Gulseppe Dele
sardo. age 35 years, married and had family
residing at 425 Bay street. Golden Gate.llfe
savinc crew searched for bodies, but .report
failure.
Time Ball. •-,-?>>
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
i December 23, 1905. -
The Time' Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped , exactly at noon to-day —
1 c., at noon of the 120 th meridian. J or at 'B
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, •U. S. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon yn«l Tide.
United States ' Coast and Geodetic Survey —
lime and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
I Bay. Published by official authority, of the
*' superintendent.
! NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
I the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
mlcutes later: than fat Fort Point; the height
of tide la the same at both 'places. \u25a0-.\u25a0..\u25a0•..
SUNDAY, 24. . \u25a0
Sun ' rises ... .....:.............." .7 :23
Sun sets .". .....:. '.".'.' .4 :57
Moon (new) 5e.t8. .................. .\5:1Q a. m.
C |Time| iTimel |Tlme| jj T ime|
•£ I. 1 Ft. ( Ft. I -I Ft. 1 Ft.
?|L W| IHW) JL W| .JH W|
24 3:07 2.61 9:20 ».3 4:15!— 0.9111 :25j 4.6
25 I 3:57 2.7!1tf:07 \u25a0 U. 4 5:02|— 1.1|
H W L W . HW| -JL W .
26 0:151 4.7 4:45 2.8 10:521 6.4 5.47 —1.2
27 1:02 4.8 5:35 2.911:381. 6.2) 6:33[— 1.0
NOTE — In the ; above : exposition . of .the tides
the early : morning tides : are given in the-<Hef.t
hand column and \u25a0: the euccesalve % tides of \the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time ; c jiumn gives the ., last • tide of \u25a0. the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
NEGROES RIOT
IN THE SOUTH
Christmas Frolic in Georgia
Ends in a Row hi Which
Two Persons Are Killed
OTHERS BADLY INJURED
Colored Woman Is Among
Victims of Deadly Fusil
lade in a Turpentine Camp
VALDOST, Gal, Dec. 23.— A bloody riot
among nogroes was reported here to-day
from Kv/ing. a turpentine camp, between,
Fargo and St. Georsia, on the Georgia
Southern and Florida Railroad. The riot
was the result of -a Christmas frolic
among negroes who had been drinking.
A general fusillade occurred and proba
bly ISf ty shots were flred. Two negroes
were killed, outright, three were mortally
wounded and died later, while eight
others received bullet wounds.
One negro .woman vas among the kill
ed and several women 'were wounded.
One of the women was brought to Fargo
for treatment, having received several
bullet wounds in the body. A negro child
was shot in the jaw and will probably
die;
It was impossible TO. get in direct com
munication with the place, as there is no
telegraph office there and only meager
information could be had from nearby
stations over the railroad wires.
Parties who came on the train from
that part of the State stated that the row
was enirely among the negroes and that
liquor and v/omen caused' it.
There is, however, a report that the
white superintendent of Still tried to stop
the light among the negroes and thus
became involved in it and that he saved
his life only by quick work with his gun.
This s^ory cannot be verified, but it is
told by a negro who came in on the
train 10-day.
AIOIY LIEUTENANT
HUMILIATES SOLDIER
As a Result of His Conduct
He Will Ec Tried by
Court-Martial.
Social Dispatch to The Call
XEW LONDON. Conn., Dec. 23.—Lieu
tenant Roy L.. Taylor of the coast artil
lery is to be tried- at Governors Island
this week for humiliating: an^enlisted
soldier!
According to a report among: the sol
diers stationed at local garrisons. Lieu
tenant Taylor entered the orchestra circle
of the tybeura Theater three weeks ago
and when ushered to a seat found that
Serjeant Butler, who is a member of his
own company, occupied a. seat close to
his own.
A short but spirited conversation is
said to have been held between the offi
cers, which end?d in tho lieutenant re
turning to the box office, where he ex
changed lii« coupons for seats -several
feet away from the sergeant. The charge
of conduct unbecoming an officer was
preferred by Captain R. 11. McMasters.
sometimes occurs. The heights tlven are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height and then the number
g hen is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. v
Steamer. From. I &**\u25a0_
Kdith Seattle IDec. 24
Chehalls San Pedro jDec. 24
Northland.... Portland & Astoria I Dec. 24
F. Leggett.... San Pedro . (Dec. 24
Redondo.*. Portland & Astoria... ..Dec. 24
Nome City Portland & Astoria |Dec. 24
Del Norte Crescent City | Uec,
Sea Foam I Mendoclno & Pt. Aren..jDec. 24
Newburg Grays Harbor Dec. 24
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor . :..Dec. 24
Breakwater... Coos Bay Dec. 24
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 'Zi
Acme Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 25
Jcanle Portland & A6t0r1a. . . . Dec. 25
Aberdeen.../. Grays Harb0r.........'. Dec. 25
Norwood San Pedro Dec. '£\u25a0&
Tltan'a Nanalmo . . . N^. Dec.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Dec. 25
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 25
Bonita .... Newport & Way Porte. | Dec. 28
North Fork... Humboldt IDec. 1.5
Columbia Portland & Aatoria .... Dec. 25
Ventura...... Sydney & Way.Pprts.. Dec. 25
Tellus.. Nanalmo Dec. 26
Elizabeth Coquille River Dec. 26
Corona Hurnbjldt [Dec. 2(i
F. Kilburn Portland*; Way Ports.] Dec. 2T
Coptic China & Japan ........ Dec. 27
Eureka '.'. Humboldt ..'...Dec. 27
Queen.... Puget Sound Ports .... Dec. 27
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 27
'Porno Point Arena St. Albion. Dec. 28
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. .Dec; 2S
Komer Portland & Astoria (Dec. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports .IDec. 29
Pomona Humboldt ......; -|Dec. 20
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way . Pts. Dec, 2t)
Benator Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 30
Dtnderah .'..'.. Seattle ...... .. .. Dec, 3o
M. F. Plant... Coos Bay & Pt. Orf ord . j.Tan. 1
Centralia. Grays Harbor .....I Jan. 1
City Puebla... l'uget Sound Ports... . .'.(Jan. 1
Peru New York via Ancon. . Jan. 2
Aurelia Portland & Astoria'..'.. Jan. 3
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Jan. 5
TO SAIL.
Steamer Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
:—.: — . _ J
December 24. | I
Rainier: Seattle & Bel'ham.ll2 mjPier 10
Northland.. Lo.s Angeles Ports. | 4 pm|Pier 27
Aurelia Astoria & Portland! f» pmiPler 27
Nome City.. Los Angeles Ports; | 5 pm|Pier 16
W. Kruger. Aatoria & Portland 0 pm|l'iei 2
'Eureka Humboldt *......... 9 timPler 5
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. oam Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & AVay. 9 am Pier 11
December -."». I
Jennie Los Angeles Ports. |12 . m|Pler 5
Vai^uard.. Humboldt ...... ..| » ami Pier 27
tlecemher 20. I I
Newport..,. Los Angeles Ports.) 3 pm|Pier 5
Cascade.... Astoria & Portland,l2 mjPier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt ........ .11:30 pjPier t
Umatllla . . . Puget Sound Ports. (11 am | Pier 9
December 27.. | I
Chic 0...... Coos 8ay..... 3 pm] Pier 5
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... . .. . . . Pier 20.
M. F. Plant Coos Bay 4 pm! Pier 11
EeaFoam.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic...... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay ........ 5 pm Pier 8
December. 28. I
Acme Wlllapa Harbor. ... 3 pm|Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor ..... 4 pmjPler 20
laqua. ....*. M'ir.apa Harbor ... .9 amlPler 2
C0r0na..... Humboldt ......... 1:30 plPier 9
Slate of Cal San Diego & Way. » am Pier. 11
80nita..... Newport &• Way.. 9 am Pler'll
N.Fdrk..:. Humboldt •.'........ 9 am Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mariposa...i Tahiti direct ..'... 11 am Pier 7
Nevadan... j Hono & Kahulul .. 3 pm Pier 2a
Newburg.. .| Grays Harbor ••"•'. "pm Pltr 10
G. Llndauei Gray's Harbor .... 1 pm|Pier 2
December "29. : ' | >
South Bay.: Portland & Astoria. 4 pm Pier 27
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor ..... 2 pm Pier 2
F. .Kilburn.' Portland &.Way... 2 pm Pier. 20
Redoiulo. . . Aetorla & Portland 10 am Pier 2
December - 30. ,
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion fl pm Pier" 2
Korea. China & Japan .... lpm Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon... 12 : m Pier 40
.December 31. ;.'\u25a0
Chas.Nelson Seattle & Tacoma. .5 pm Pier 20
Queen..'.... Pueet Sound /Ports 11 am Pier ,8
January 2.' *L •\u25a0>
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor v . . . . .1 4 pm Pier 20
Senator...'. Astoria^& ; Portland'llam Pier 24
Jununry :t. ' I
Denderah... Hamburg &Wy Pts 12 m|Pier 19
January. 4." • - "I - -
Ventura.... Sydney & .Way Pts. 2 pm|Pler 7.
FROM SEATTLE.':;
\u25a0\u25a0'. Steamer. ' -' •Destination:.', I Sails. ;;
Port land : . . '. .' ; Cooks ; Inlet "' & .Way.'. . . |Dec. r 26
Oregon.:. \u25a0...'. Valdez & . Sewardv'. ;....*:|Dec 27
'Jefferson.....' Skagway : & ; Way Ports. I Dec. 31
1 Santa Clara . . Seward & Way Port* . . . | Jan. " 1
PROMINENT MAN
BEFORE COURTS
Brother of Late Secretary
of State John v Hay Mixed
Up in an Alleged Fraud
COMPANY IS WRECKED
Bad Management on Part of
Somebody Causes Loss of
• Valuable Mining Property
A complaint was filed in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday by Attor
ney James A. Ballcntiue in the case of
Alcxander'Hirsch against Charles E. Hay,
brother of the late Secretary of State,
John Hay, Riley A. Boggess, and the
American Surety Company of New York.
The complaint alleges much fraud on
the part of Hay and Boggess, receivers
for the Empire Consolidated Quicksilver
Mining Company, and' asks Judgment
against the defendants in the sum of
$9,626 32, alleged to be due , the plaintiff
on receivers' certificates issued by Hay
& Boggess, receivers of the company.
The complaint sets forth that during the
year 1897-98 Boggess promoted the sale of
the Abbott Quicksilver mine in Lake
County, California, and organized the
Abbott Quicksilver Mining Company of
Illinois, with Charles E. Hay, president.
The company became heavily involved,
under the management of Boggess, and
issued and sold bonds to the amount of
$UO,*ooo, secured by "mortgage and deed of
trust to Edward Ridgeley, trustee.
The company then sold the mine to
the Empire Consolidated Quicksilver
mine of New Jersey, incorporated and
owned by Boggess, who operated the mine
at a profit for nearly three years, but
owing to the alleged manipulations of
Boggess the company was wrecked and
placed in the hands of the receiver.
KTKOXC ALLEGATIONS.
By misrepresentation it is said Boggess
induced the court of New Jersey to ap
point him and R. H. McNee as receivers
in New Jersey and later the appointments
were confirmed by the court in Cali
fornia. On tho representation of the in
terests adverse to Bosgess the New Jer
sey . court saw its mistake and removed
the receivers, who immediately handed in
their resignations to the court in Cali
fornia and were discharged.
Boggess then prevailed upon the hold
ers of the bonds Issued by the Abbott
Company, and after promising them to
defray all expenses, got them to begin
foreclosure proceedings, and again he
was appointed receiver, along with
Charles E. nay. Tills action was begun
in February, 1903, and at that time the
mine was in excellent operating condi
tion.
Boggess, representing this fact to the
court, secured permission to operate the
mine in conjunction with Hay. The mine
was run at a profit, but what became of
the money is problematical, as on Sep
tember 2-S he reported to the court that
he had incurred an indebtedness of
$1772 S3 in performing his duties as re
ceiver. The court authorized him and
Hay to issue receivers' certificates, to be
first and underlying liens, for the amount.
;"%• 1 BOKROWS GOODLY SUM.
With these certificates as security Bog
gess borrowed $9626 82 through Henry S.
Bridge, trustee, pledging himself, both as
receiver and personally, to use every ef
fort to secure the pyament of the amount
within thirty days. Five months later
Boggess again reported to the court that
he had incurred a further indebtedness
in performing his duties as receiver In the
aggregate amount of $14,963 85, and by
various representations induced Judge
Buck, presiding in the Superior Court of
Lake County, to make and constitute this
latter amount an underlying lien prior
and paramount to the $11,776 25 formerly
created by him.
In addition to this alleged juggling of
interests the property has been ruined, it
is charged, by the neglect or fraudulent
acts of the receivers, until the only re
dress now obtainable by the various
claimants is through an action" directed
against the receivers and their bondsmen.
Weather lleport.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific . Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 23—5 p. m. v
Tlie followine maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati .44-32, St. Louis 36-24
Chicago . 30-3-1 1 Washington 58-38
Boston 50-MS Jacksonville 70-60
New York 48-41 New Orleans 72-52
Philadelphia 54-44 Honolulu 78-00
Plttsburß .48-38 1 «
SAN FRANCISCO .50-40
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared -rfith those of the same
date last season, and rainfall In the last
twenty-four hours :
Last Thi3 Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka \u0084 0.00 B.ott 12.15
Red Buff 0.00 2.61 11.84
Sacramento 0.00 I.sti 8.14
San Francisco 0.00 2.5U 9.43
San . Jose 0.00 3.10 5.17
Fresno 0.00 I.2r> 5.07
Independence 0.00 0.43 0.45
San Luis Obispo ... 0.0(> 2.12 4.73
Los Angeles 0.00 5.11 l.sS
San Diego 0.00 4.41 1.77
THE COAST RECORD.
3 *st-E a? -^s 3
STATIONS | gijji |§ |" g
i I I ; i I
Baker .. ...f. .30. RS 22 8 W Snow T~
KCJio 30.60 34 10 E Clear .00
Eureka 30.50 52 32 NE Pt.ady .00
Fresno-..". 30.5H 50 28 SW Clear .00
S. E. Fara110n.30.57 5(1 47 E Clear 00
Flagstaff .... :30.4(i 2t<— l4 B Clear .00
Independence .30.52 42 IS SW Clear .00
LO3 Angeles ..30.42 «2 30 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpais.3o.s.". 40 38 NE Clear . .00
North Head ..30.32 48 34 SE Rain .14
Phoenix ......3C5.42 54 30 N Clear .00
Point Reyes . .30.46 56 44 S Clear .00
Pocatello .....30.74 20 10 SW Clear .00
Portland *...30.4« 3S 30 E Snow .01
Red Bluff ....30.5S 50 30 SW Cloudy .00
Roseburg .....30.48 42' 20 NE Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.58. 50 '34 NE Clear .00
Salt Lake ...30.70 28 12 SE Cloudy T.
San Francisco. 3o. sB 50 40 N Clear .00
San Jose -..:.. 80.52 54 30 W aear .00
S. L. Oblapo. .30.40 58 &l NW Clear .00
San Diego 30.40 62 40 NW Clear .00
Seattle ...... .30.. "1S 40 30 SE Cloudy .02
Spokane ..30.48 32 22 S Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh ......30.22 48 38 S Rain .10
Walla Wa11a:. 30. 5« 30 24 E Cloudy .CO
Wlnnemucca :.30.50 IS — 10 NE Clear .00
Yuma ........30.4*; 5S 42 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
"yThe pressure is beginning to fall rapidly
along the Washington and Oregon coasts.
Cloudy weather is reported at Eureka and also
the northern portion of the Sacramento Val
ley. Light snow is falling: at Portland and
rain with high southeast wind Is reported at
North Head.
Heavy frosts occurred generally in California
in the. morning and: are likely: to occur again
Sunday morning. - Orange growers, in the south
i era portion of the ' State have been warned to
flre eaiii'. ,
' Sunday promises to be fair over most of
California, with increasing cloudiness in north
ern portion. - .
FORECAST FOR DECEMBER 24. ,
San - Francisco and vicinity — Fair * Sunday
most of the ' day and probably heavy frost' In
the morning: light northeast wln'ds. changing
to southwest.
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Sunday, with
heavy \u25a0 frosts In * the morning; light northeast
winds.' Citrus fruit growers should fire early.
Sacramento Valley — Cloudy in • northern por
tion. 1 .- fair ' in southern ' portion - Sunday; light
east • winds. . >
'-•. San- Joaquin -Valley — Fair •: Sunday, • heavy
froet.in the morning. \ , •\u25a0
Coast — Fair. Sunday; light offshore winds. ;
Nevada — Cloudy. Sunday, \u25a0 somewhat warmer.
A; *G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
iWß^^^^^MiMiTiM»^*wim~Mi'HirtnTirrTr ffiirwrrwri <nmr irfiM't^tiiiiii. \u25a0 !\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 tffm
"EYE-WITNESS"
IS LIVELY PLAY
Melodrama Bursts Forth in
Its Pristine Glory at
the Refurnished Central
NOTHING IN IT DULL
Hairbreadth 'Scapes Abound
in Production That Goes
"Zip" /From the Start
Even to a fight among the gods it was
just like old times at the Central last
night. "The Eye Witness" was the play,
the occasion being the re-openlng of the
theater under Mr. Harry Bishop's man
agement. It would be distinctly disre
spectful to forget to mention Mr. Bish
op's, handsome new carpets, thick and
rosy as a cherry-colored lawn. Red, also,
are the walls— almost as red as "The Eye
Witness." Even the box office is bronzed
anew. In fact, the spacious uptown house
is now one of the" most attractive thea
ters In town.
But to "The Eye "Witness"— wfld horses
could not keep me away from "The Eye
Witness." It Is Lincoln J. Carter's— not
"Nick's," though one would never notice
it— and there is everything In It that
other melodramas have not. Also, there
is everything In It that every other melo
drama contains. The chief "situation."
however, is Quite new In fact, of the
melodrama of the future. The long-lost
heroine !s escaping. She and the male
soubrette ar# automobillng it over the
Jack Knife bridge. Turn, r-r-r-r-r, turn,
goes the orchestra, a la Richard Strauss.
The villain, a blonde beast— only he is a
brunette— who allows nothing to stand in
his way, knocks the drawbridge man Into
the mkldle of next week as a starter.
Then he up-ends the bridge. Does thi3
deter the noblo rescuer? No. sir! Some
more turn r-r-r-r-r, from the orchestra
and toot! toot! from the auto and lo! with
the dummy hero and heroine cinched to
the seat, over she went! The man behind
said he "never saw anything like it."
Neither had I. But then, for the laugh of
me, I couldn't see • much of that.
It's all . the fault of the heroine, you
know. You see, in the first act her long
lost brother— there are so many long-lost
ers— tells her he Is her brother. She has
been left by mamma In the care of the
O'Raffertys. Then mamma left. Oh.
no! she is quite respectable, only Insane.
But the b.erolne decides not to tell them
at once that the gentleman who has had
his arms round her most of the day Is her
brother. She has a little way of not tell
ing things. She has married George La
mont, for example, and forgotten to men
tion it. George Lamont Is, however,_the
son of her wicked paternal parent's
brother. Got It? It took me some time,
too. Brother thinks it is her papa's ille
gitimate son that she has married. Tells
her so. Quite Ibsen. Then she runs away
with brother, and the family, to whom
she has neglected to mention who brother
is, thinks that she has gone with a hand
somer man. And brother saya when sister
says that she will explain: "No. you arc
my sister— but you are a woman!"
The villain Is the aforementioned il
legitimate son of the -heroine's papa.
Ha is twice lovely. The way he sets
fire to the O'Rafferty mansion, chloro
forms the heroine and tells the work
ing villains to "drop the old woman
overboard and not forget to put on a
sinker" is beautiful. The hero goes
after the lady with the sinker. Quite
In the Rheingold fashion one sees the
hero plunge into the lake, seize the
heroine, who. with the sinker, has
sunk, and bear her nobly to the flies.
Oh. but It. Js exciting.
The company seemed to enjoy It as
much as we did and everybody had
flowers and fusillades of applause.
Robert Wayne as George Lamont could
not have been outdone In seriousness
by Mr. Mansfield as Baron Chevrial.
In other words. It was a thoroughly
workmanlike and likable performance
and one felt grateful to Mr. Wayne for
not '"guying" either himself or us- In
it. So with Ralph Cummings as the
villain John Lamont.
Miss Edna Archer Crawford, new
here, made a distinctly favorable Im
pression as. the heroine, giving: much
promise for the "chicken fare instead
of corned beef and cabbage always"
that the management promised last
night. Florence "Willis, who wore the
usual short frock and open-work hose
of the Central soubrettes. is that kind
of soubrette, and Marie Howe came to
renewed favor as«the O'Rafferty lady.
George Seymour, the male Ingenue, is
a lively and spirited person, possessed,
lik*v the whole company, of presence
and good looks. Elmer Booth fur
nished a gHt-edge Irish accent as the
McKinney. In fact, there Is a rattling
good company at the Central and fun
for the millions in "The Eye-Witness."
BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
Thousands Greet Mr. Bryan.
MANILA, Dec. 23. — Thousands of
citizens attended a reception given by
the Elks this evening to W. J. Bryan.
RUN DOWN BY WAGON.— Charles Alsgood.
aged 13 years, and residing at 104 Ninth
street, was run over and seriously Injured by
a fruit peddler's wagon on Market street yes
terday. G. Pucclnnili. who had charge of the
horse and wagon, was arrested and charged
with battery- An examination of Alsgood's
Injuries by , Dr. William E. Stevens at the
Central Emergency Hospital showed that the
bone of his right leg below the knee waa
fractured.
RAI L.WA Y TRAVEL.
i^tfS] I IFrISTFD
!^V F^^ y^ffl To Chicago in Three Day*.
£g&^Ea^ag3 with Diners and Slcepct.
Santa Fe Trains
7:80 a. m. 1 For Stockton. Merced. Fresno,
and \ Hanford. Vlsalla, Bakersfleld
8:00 p. m. J and Intermediate points.
9:30 a. m. — California Limited three days to
Chicago every day. Direct con-
nection to Grand Canyon.
9:30 a. m. — Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno. Hanford. Vlsalla
and Bakersfield and Points on
the Sierra Railway.
4:00 p. m.^— For Stockton and intermediate
points. ,
8:00 p.m. — Overland Express, for Chicago,
Kansas City. Denver and Grand
Canyon. /
TICKET OFFICES.
653 Market street San Francisco
Ferry Depot Saa Francisco
1112 Broadway Oakland
27 South First street ;. Sah> Jose
i^M^^P^^^^ To SAN RAFAEL,
liillSlli fioss valley >
is^^^lS^^sSi^ ">>LL VALLEY,
'^SfISSfXISS Etc.
\u25a0?&ls9m^&Kg Via SxunmUto Kerry.
SUBURBAis' SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
D*part week days and Sundays at- 7 :CO fex-
eept Sunday), 7:43. 8:25, 9:10, 9:50. 11:00 a. m.
12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:55, 5:15,- 0:50. 0:30 7:15!
9:Ct». 10:15 and 11:35 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days — 7:45 a. m. -"5:15
p. m. dally, except Sunday; and S:l5 "p. m.
Saturdays only. Sundays and holidays — 7:45.
9:10 a. m.
THROUGH TRAINS..
7:45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations -
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only, for Point Reyes
and way. . . \u25a0
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market sU
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of, Market St.
\u0084- Trains le»™ and are d»«
/JTHK to arrlT© at
(§g^\ SAN FBAKCISCO.^
I H|S|£/ I F»o« Ds«mbm S. WOl
Vxy^^^^Cy Fkbby Pepot
C 1 \y • (Foot of 3!T* g6 StreeL)
\u0084»«- MAIN LI NIL ~ AS " 1 !^
Bluff. Portlmad. Tacom*. Seattle. /.48P
Mendota. Armona, Uanf ord, . 4 cBp
Vlsalla, PortervlUo V*;;^.l 4.43P
ISIS
a POa At&BttcExpress-Osden »nd Ea»t. 4^Bp
10 - ZOA Costa. Mirtlner. Bjron. Tracy.
LatUrop. Stockton. Merced.
KaVmond: Fre.no. Go«hen Junc-
tion. H»oford. Lemoore. Vl»alla.
B«kersaeld.LosAn?Ble». ....... 7.03*
10.20AEIPa^KaSa. City. Bfc Louis .ad jq^
11.40ANlle^ Sin Jou, and W.r Station.. f-48j
\\ OoSsacrtneato RlTer 3te*mer. . .^ .. t11.00l»
i2oPi*ort Cost*, Marttnejjßyroo.Tracr.
Modesso, Merced. lrre«no 1208 i»
MOPBenlcl*. "Winter*, Sacramento,
• "Woodland, Knisfht* Landing, "•
M»ry»Tllle and OroTtllo ......... »B-«g*
S.4oPHar«rird, Nllea. and Way St»tton« 7.48P
iOOPVaUejo. Martraea. Saa Ramon.
2Tapa.Call.tOKm.BaDU ßow ».«A
4.oopyile». Tracy. Stockton. L0dL...... |9 ?| *
4.4oPHayw»rd. Kllea. IrTlazton. flaa » t|.4«A
Jose, Ll^ennore..,. •• i J11.4*»
5.OO PTha Owl Limited— Newman, la* ,
Baaos. Meadota, Fre»no. Tnlare. ,
Bafcsnfleld. Lorn Angele* <\ ••48*
B-OOPGolden BUto Limited— El Pa»o.'
• Kansas City/ St. Louis and
JS.2oPHayward. iJifeiVnd sin JoMl'lJfjf 7.03 a
,6.2oPValleJo, Port Cotuw Benlcla. Soli -
son. Sacrmmen tq^. . . . . . ..... . • • . .ml I -ZaA
[B.ooPEastern Expres*— Otnaba, Cnlcajw.^
DenTer. Kan»a« City. 6». Lonla/
Martlnes. fltocitton. SacrameatoA -.
Eeno. Spark*. Montello. Ogdea .} 12.-43—
}.20pHayw«<». sMle» and San Jo«e .....^ 9-43*
•OOPKeno Pis»en«fer— Port COBta. Be<
* nlcia, Saisnn. Elmlra, IMxon*
jDaTl*.Bacrajnento. Sparks, Tooo* ~ .
pan, GoldaeldandKeeler......^, 7.CBA
t74JoPValle]o, Crocistt and W*7 Bta»
tlons. Sunday only— ..•«, ii.23a
iß^OPOregon * CallforaU Kxprets— «aon
ramento. MarywUlo. Redding.)
1 Portland. Poitet Sound and Ea»t. 3 +3a
f94JoPHayward. SUea sn<t San Joie <Bua-
day only) |TT^g*j
COASt LINE < Wow tang.).; '
TFoot of Market Street.) ' %
8.15 Newark. Ceoteryllle, San Joaa,
f Felton. Bonlder Creek. Baats.;
Crua and Way 6tatlons \u0084...' 5-ao»
12.l8PNeirarB^ CenteTTliie. San Jo«e.
New Almaden.Lo*Gatoi, Felton.l
Boulder Creek, Santa Cm* and ,
Principal W ay BUt!oaa tlO-oo*
4.lspK«»*rk. Saa Jo*e, Los Gatot .... \ JoJfJ
S^SpHtmters Trata— (Saturday oaly)
San Joaw and Way Statloas {7.83P
COAST LINE (Broad wanjeej. ~~.
flT (Third and Towngend BtreeW.)
8-10 A Saa Jose and W»y Stations BJOP'
7.00 a S»n Jo»e and TVay Station* 6.409
8-OOa New Almaden (Tue^.. Frl., only).. 4-1 Q»
8-OOAThe Coatter— S*n Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles, \u25a0 Santa
Margarita. San Luis Oblspo,
Gaadalnpe, Garlota, Santa Bar-
bara, Ban BnenaTentnra,Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Aneeles 10*30*;
B.ofjAGllroy. Holllster. Pajaro. Cagtro- *•
Tllle. Del Monte, Paclflo Grove.
. Sarf, Lomcoc 10-3 C%
B.ooa San Jose. Tres Plnos. WationTille.
Capitol a. Saata Cruz. PaclSc
Grove, Salinas. San Lala Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations 4-1 C»
10-30 A San .Josa and Way Stations 1.20^>
11 -30 a Saa Jose and Way Etstions 7409
Z.lBpSan Jose and Way Stations. 8-33 A
5-OOPDeI Jlonte Ejtpress— Santa Clara,
San Jose, v.'nwonmUe, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey
Pacific GroTe 12<15P
t3-COPLo«Gr.t"». Wright, Bonlder Creek,
Santa Cruz, -via Santa Clara and ,
Narrow Gauge 10*48 a)
3-30PSouth San Francisco, Saa Jos«,
Gllroy. Holllster, Tres P1a05..... 10.45 a
4-30 p Ean Jo«e and Way Stations i? 55a
tS-OOPSanta Clara, Saa Jose. Los Gates, t9 00a
ISJOpSanJoseand Principal Way Stations S3>4o*
6^4SPSnnset Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose. Gllroy. Salinas, Pa*o
. - - Robles, Saaliuis Oblspo. Saat*
Barbara, Los Angeles, Detain;,
El Paso, I»ew Orleans 9.10*
5.45PE1 Tho, Kansas City. at. Locls.
Chicago 9.10 A
5-45p Pajaro, WatsonTllle, Capltola,
Santa Cruz. Castrorllle. Del
Mont?. Pacific Gruve 1C30»
t6.l5PSaa Mateo. Beresford. Belmons.
Saa Carlo*. Redwood, Fatr Oaks.
Menlo Part, Palo Alto .-. .... t<5.43*
6.3opSan Jose and Way Stations C.3SA
B.CQPPaIo Alto and Way fewtlons 10.15 a
1 1 .3 Op South San Francisco, MUlbrae, Bar-
Unzame. ban Mateo, Belmons,
Saa Carlos, Redwood, Fatr Oaks,
Menlo Park and Palo Alto 9453
11.30PSatnrdaTs only for Mayfleld. Moaa-
tala View, Saanyrale. Lawrence,
r Santa Clara aad San Jo»e t9.451»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
t 7.15 a.m. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
1.00 p. m. 300 p.m. 8.18 P.M. 1
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
\u2666 Sunday excepted. tSoaday only.
eMonday only.
IDally. and stops at all stations oa Saaday.
CALIFORNIA NORTBVESTEBN RY. CO.
Tlbaroa Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FRANCISCO TO BA2* RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 8:00 a. m.; SiMTsTSI!.
0:10, 6:30 p. ra.
SUNDATS— B:OO. 9:80 a. ra.: 12:58, B^o. B:M|.
0:30 p. m.
SA> RAFAEL, TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:CB. 7:33. 7:60. 8:20 a. m.:
12:50, 3:40. 0:00. 0:20 p. m.
STINDATS— «:OS. 8:00. 8:19. 9:40 a. ra.j S',4o.
4:50. 5:00. 8:20. 6:30 p. ra.
Leave I la Kffect j ArriT*.
San Fran. | Oct. 8, 1903. | Pan Fran.
Week I Bun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Weetc
Days. | days. I tlon. f days. I Days.
7:30 a 8:C0a " 9:10 a 9:40 a
9:COa 9:30 a Israaclo. 10*40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p I «:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 0:10 p 7:30 p
9:00 al 9:30 al Napa. I 8:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 pi 0:10 p| \ 6:20 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:25 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
0:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:23 a
8:00 a Folton 7:30 p 6:20 9
8:30 p 8:30 p
Windsor
7:3) a 8:00 a Healdsburs 10:40 a 10:29 a
L-ytton
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtll* 7:30 p 6:20 p
Clover dale
7:30 al u:0O at Hopland 110:40 a! 10:23 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Ulttah | 7:30 p| 6:30 P
I | Wlllits and I I
' 7:30 al 8:00 a| Sherwood | 7:30 p| 6:20 p
7:Soa!B:Coa| 110:40 a! 10:23 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Gaerneville | 7:30 p| 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen | 6:00 p| 6:20 p.
"7:3Oa[S:oOa • 10:»0aJ10:23 a
3:30 p 3:30 p SebastopoL 7:30 pi 6:20 p
5:10 p| B:10p J
STAGES connect at Gr«en Braa for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Sloggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Goysers, Boon-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncar*
Sprlaffs; Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls>
bad Springs, Soc*j\ Bay, Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; «t
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Elue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Days
Llerly's. HullvlUe, Orr*s Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno
City Fort Brags. Westport and Uaal; at W ti-
nts for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Bragic. Canto. Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cum-
rnlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit,
land. Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 5, PepperwooO.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday and Monday round-trip ticks ts jt
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. W0 Market st.. Chronicle build-
ing.
' JAS. AGLER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway
f. "Win BITS
| Arrive S. F. 10:45 a m fcoo, &3& ru
Lv. S. F. 4^6 r>i Ar. S. F. U:25 tm,
• - SUMAT3 ISD IKil, HOiIBATS &
Lt. S. F.8r25,9:50.11:00 am J.43pm
Ar. S. F. I^o, 2:55, 4:23, 6^2 ru
fl^?. ! "OMaricet ST.,(North Shoreßallroad)
M?IC1» l and SAOSAtrro Fbwiy, Foot Market St.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign exchanges and New York Cotton Exchanges closed.
Wall-street stocks irregular, without much fluctuation.
Local oil and mining exchanges not in session.
Domestic and Sterling Excliange declined.
Local bank clearings gain $7,455,000 over last year.
Grain markets dull mid of a holiday character.
Lima Beans still higher. Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Active demand for fresh Fruits and Vegetables.
" Potatoes and Onions quiet and unchanged.
Dressed Turkeys in moderate receipt and well cleaned up.
Game in acth'c demand and generally higher.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in light supply end firm.
Prevision and Meat markets as before Quoted.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
\u25a0No Business To-Slerrow.
To-tßorrow beirg Christinas and a legal holt
*twy, business will be suspended throughout the
raited State*.
Bask Clearlnsr*.
I>ocal b*r.k clearings for the week Just ended,
r.-mpAred with the corresponding week of last
'tar, show a,n increase of $7,453.«68. the
Rrr^urt being $38,334,942. against $30,879,274
m 1904. The clearings for the same week In
,-.\u25a0•;" xvere 523.461.8C0.
Wine Exports In Xovembw.
The exports cf wine from San Francisco
lor s*a in November. 1905, were as follows:
To — Gallons. Oases. Values.
r>w York 530.050 2 $2«3.22S
iUwaJian Itlanfla C&.474 55 26.544
Tahiti 6. 60S .. 2.143
M^xieo C.953 47 2.643
• Ttral America 4.264 4? 2.300
T'ana^ia 5.C95 1 1.707
.-euth America. 3.274 . 30 l.*>oo
•^apan 5.851 .. 2,220
• "hiiii 1 T37 TdO
Pritieh ColumbU .... 2J869 41 1.220
ir.stwhere 491 40 443
Totals ..932.566 264 $305,318
\u25a0In November. 1904. tb* exports were 905,936
r&llcn* and 331 cases, valued at $307,215. The
• hlpm»-nt» to New York la that month were
JC3.901 gallons, valued at $258,302.
EASTERN MARKETS.
»w York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec 23. — Money on call nom
inal; no loan*. Time money strong; demand
rood. Sixty er.d ninety day loans, 6 per cent
and commission; six months, 6 per cent. Prime
:nercastiV paper. 5>~'56 per cent. Sterling
*x?hB.r-se weak, with actual bueiness in bank
ers' bills at $4.se2OS'-».5630 for demand and at
*4.8230<g4.83 for sixty-day bills. Posted rates
$4 S3ia©-* 67. Commercial bills. $4 82Ki©
4 82»«. Bar silver. 65>4c. Mexican dollar*
fiOc. Bonds— Governments, firm; railroads,
•teady.
Brew York Stock lAmt.
Sales. High. Low.Cl. Bid.
Adams Bxpres* 233
Ar.:al Copper 52,900 100H 9S*i lOOij
Car & F<«y 500 89H 89*» 39},
Do pfd 100 99»i Vd\ 99Vi
Aia Cotton Oil 4.200 374 3G 36H
Do pfd 92V*
Am Express 221
Am Hide A L pfd. 1.900 42 4©*, 40U
Am Ice 2,500 34% 33* 34^
Am Linseed Oil 20U
Do jiM *LH
Am Locomotive ... 3.300 89^4 CS\i <»
Do pfd 115
Am i'mlt & Ref 24.500 164^ 161^4 164&
Do pfd 1,000 130*4 128 13°H
Am Sugar- &»I 6.300 152*4 151% Jsl3t
Am Tob rM cert.. 300 1C5% 106 V* 106H
Anaconda M C 0... 45.200 216 1931% 214
Atchison 15.600 63 BS}» BS*i
Do pfd 10414
Atlantic Coast L. . 200 153^4 15»x. 169k
Baltimore & Ohio. . -'S.IC'O "113 112^ 1121,
Do Dfd »7H
Brook Rapid Trans. 13,900 604 804 &»4
Canadian Pacific... »,500 175 1 * 173T, 173ti
C*nt of New Jersey 222
c; & O SOO f.5 &4% 64»i
Chicago & Alton T.I
Do pfd ---. 72
Chicago Gt West.. 200 21 20*, 20%
Chic & Northwest. WW 223 222 221
0 SI & St Paul ... 8,000 lSli, I*o% 180%
• T.ic Term & Trans 14
Do rfd 35
«:<-C&StL 200 1C54 105H i^'-U
f^l Fuel A 1r0n,.. 4.500 KM &>4 R- r '^s
•«\>lorado Southern. 200 2*H 28 2*U
Do l*=t rfd «7H.
1 Do 2(5 pfd 200 47?, 47^ 47U
-Consolidated Gas.. 2O>) 179 171> 179
«v>m Products ... S.BOO lfi'i 15H 16^
Do pfd 2.900 5» 56^ 57\
?>! & Hudson 100 223 223 223
)>p| Lack & West 450
'. T> &X O 200 37 36T, 36%
Do pM 200 00 PO S»H
•r>U Securities 3.400 MU r>2*4 62*
Cri« - e.2o>» 47H 48?* 46$ i
I JDo Ist pfd COO 79;% 79Vj 79>i
. bo 2d rfd CO-v 73 72H 73
<r*n Electric SOO 177 1761, 170>i
Tli>cklng Velley IJI
..tlilnol* Central ... 300 178 1754 1"»4
ir.Uinatl Paper LlOO 23% 22>j 22 T i
Do pM 1/>W $5 M &<!,
*Trf«'rnatJ Pump 26
\u25a0•*" Do PM 10 ° S ° J * SO 1 * T81 »
°Sc«a Central 27*4
• Do rfd 67«4
1 X C Southern 3.100 »U 34« i 34«4
• 'Do pfd 1.700 €7H «7ii 67%
Jxuisv & Nashv... 100 151*, llil^ ' 151
•Manhattan L 210 I«4^ IC4 163
• Met Securities 24.200 82% 73« i $0U
Met Street Ky.... SCCOO 12SS. 126^ 127*
Mexican Central .. J,4«> 25H 24*4 25
-\u25a0Minn * St Louie.. 200 7S>H 7&V, 79*4
M St P & S Ste M 1.400 142^ 1401, 14214
Drrpfd 6°o 167*4 167 367*
UISSOBXI Pacific ... 4.900 IOV* 102U 1«3
'M, Kan & Tex.... 1.800 37*, 37 ."!7
Do pfd 200 71 704 70
"National Lead .... 2,500 89H M M^
.Nat » PJI of M pfd SSV4
.VY Central J.SOO 15ivi 181 151
i< T Ont & West.. 400 51 H 6194 51«4
Norfl"k & Wfstfro 5..100 S«V4 83* i «3;4
Do pfd 02
Vorth Arr.erican .. 5.900 101VJ, »»f 4 100*4
Pacific Mall 200 4S^4 4R«4 49»4
• P<-naev!vania €1.2<-«> 1«S 142*4 141^1
Feople> Gas 2.200 104'>4 o»^4 100H
Plttsbrg CC& S L 7CO 6S »4 Kl^
PrwMi.SU*! Car.. COO 559, 64Vi 65* i
• Do Pfd W«5
Pullman I'al <'ar 240
Heading 3.700 W7% 136% 186%
Do let pfd 100 »l% 81=4 »1%
Do 2a pM °5
Republic Steel .... 100 32% 22% ?.3
Do pfd SOO 104 303 1O3«4
nock Inland C 0... 2,800 »% 23V4 23%
I» pfd 200 62 V* €2 KJ
Hubber Good» *<|H
Do pfd IC2 H
St L&S F 2d pfd. ..^. i .. ; ;... «g
Ft Louis B W 100 22«» 22% 22>-i
-S^h^r'n Pacific' l '. 7*166 «6% 66* ««U
SoLuiJrrfßaVl^T-' I*Ws ht% 35% 35%
no nfd coo i°ov» i<to 100
Ter.n Coal & Iron.. 1.500 1.18 13S 13514
Tn,», Pacific 200 33% 33% 33*4
•oIPtLAWMt... »10 »l% - S6H 30%
Do pM 2 09 "** M ST »
Vaton Partflc 89.600 148% 148% 145%
* I» rfd 200 88 »8 OS
V fi Exi>r^f« »..-. *>»
liiS-:::::: ;•» »ji |\u0084
C X Kteel 10.100 S»% 35% 39*;
Do pld 23-«0° 105% 103 I(6*
Vir-t^Lr Chemical.. R.« 00 V> 49 «n
Do nfd 1.5 M "6% US "«tt
\\-3ba*'h - -T OO 2 01 * 20H ' 20%
DoVfd ! 100 40% 40% 40>,
Well! Fargo Ex 227
:• Western Union ... 400 92% 62% 02%
AVheei i Lake Erie .... 17%
• Wlscorßin Central 23^4 I
Do pfd 2«) 59*4 C 9% 69%
Northirn Pacific... u» 205 204% 204%
• C> &£S th ! r ..::::: .r 00 4 r^ 4 r!! x g %
Blocs Sheffield .... 200 88 SS 57%
Total sales ...C72.500
+.; STew York Bonds.
• D 6 ref 2s reg..102%| Jap 6» 2d Ser.... 98%
Do coupon ....103%! Do «%« cert... 02*
j» 2s reg 102% j Do 2d Seriei... 02% j
Do coupon ....1O2«4 L & I* Pnl 45. ..100 !
Do old 4s r*-ff..lf2R; Manhat con g 4«.103%
Do coupon 103*4jMex Central 4a.. 80
Do n«w 4s reg.l3o^l Do Ist inc...... 25%
Do coupon l3o%iMlon & St L 4a.. 97
•Am Tob 4f POM M X & T 45. ...100%
Do Cs U5 ! Do 2da 00
, jitrhison r*T 4f . .102%) N RR M con 4s. 85
Do a<U U 1M NT Cent gen BUi. »9%
"Atlactlc C L 4».101% N J Out gen 6«.134%
B«Jt & Ohio «e..103>4 No Padflc 4a 105%
Do S%» W\* Do 3s 7"
Brklyn RT cv 45.100 (N & W eon 4»...101%
C<nt ft O* 85...113%|0r6hrt Lrfdg 45.,95%
Do let lnc 9t "Perm cv 3%» 103%
IX> 2d Ine 81 j Reading Otn 4a.. 103%
bo 5a me 76%| S L &. I U con S».IU
I Ch*» & Ohio 4%i.ICS SL &SF fg 45.. 87%
Ch!c & Alt 3%5.. 22% s L SW con 45.. SOU
CB & Q new 4s. 102 Seaboard A L 4s. 83%
C R I& P 45.. SO sou Pacific 45... 93%
Do 00l 5a 57%! Do Ist 4* cert.. 97%
CCCiS L gen 45.103%! Sou Railway 55.. 121
Colo Ind ssSer A. 7SHI Tex & Pac 1et5. 122%
Do Series 8... 77>;[Tol St A W 45.. S3
Colo Midland 4s. 77%; Union Pac 4s 106%
Colo & Sou 45.. 84 I Do cv 4s HSU
Cuba 6s 105% 1 U S Steel 2d 5a.. 96%
D & R O 4s 101% Wabash lsts 115%
Dis Secur 5s 83% Do Deb B 70%
Erie prior lien 4«.1O1 | Western Md 45... 56%
Do G*n 4s 93U| Wheel & L B 4s. 92
Hock Val 4%5..109%!\Yis Central 43... 95
Japan 6s 99*, (
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 251 Little Chief 07%
Alice 1 SO; Ontario 2 75
Bree«e 40: Ophir 5 50
Brunswick Con.. 57 i Phoenix 01
Comstock Tunnel. 08i Potcsl 06
CCA Va 1 SO] Savage 4S
Horn Silver 1 75; Sierra Nevada.... 27
Iron Silver 3 73' Small Hopes 30
Leadville Con os Standard 3 65
Boston Storks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel pfd 105%
Call loans 7SB Weetnghse Com... S7
Time loans 5%«?6 Mmmg —
Bonds — Adventure 5*4
Atchison 4s 101% Allouea 37
Do AdJ 4s 93 (Amalgamated 99%
Mcx Central 45.. 79 !Am Zinc 14%
Railroads — I Atlantic 23
Atchison SSHi Bingham 34%
Do pfd 104 % I Calumet & Hecla.7os
Boston A Aibany.2s4 'Centennial 25%
Boston & Maine.. 171 I Copper Range J9%
Bostan Elevated. ls4 I Daly West 17
Fitchburg pfd. . .142%! Dom Coal 7»%
Mtx Central 24% j Franklin 10%
N V N H & H...l92%'Granby 9%
Union Pac 146%; Isle Royale 23%
Miscellaneous — {Mass Mining 9 \u25a0
Am Arge Chem.. 23%j Michigan 15%
Do pfd 83 ) Mohawk 64%
Am Pneu Tube.. 11 I Mont C & C 4^
Am Sugar 151%! North Butte 84%
Do pfd 139 j Old Dominion 32%
Am Tel & Tel... 138% Oeceola 106%
Am Woolen 42% I Parrot 33%
Do pfd 1t5% Quincy 107
Dom Iron AS... 25% Shannon 71
Bd EJec 11ium... 240 i Tamarack 118
Gen Electric 17<> I Trinity 10%
Mass Electric 14 ! United Copper G9
Do pfiJ ES (US Mining 44%
Mass Gas 47 j U S Oil 9%
United Fruit 104%ii;tah 63%
Un Shoe Mach... 72 I Victoria 6%
Do pfd 31 ! Wlnona 8
IT S Steel 39 'Wolverine 130
THE COPPER STOCKS.
Contrary to expectations the copper market
developed unusual strength and activity under
the lead of Amalgamated and Anaconda, Buy-
Ing orders were in evidence all through the
list.
I nndnn ITni-lr»ta
iii'uuun iUurACisM
LONDON. Dec. 23.— T0-day is a holiday on
the Stuck Exchange.
Weekly Bank Statement.
NEW YORK. Dec 23.— The weekly state
ment of the clearing-house banks for this
week shows that the banks hold a surplus over
the legal requirements of $4,159,400. The state
ment is as follows:
Loans $1,006,107,100, increase $1,543,100; de
posltg $?55,025,400. increase $1,139,900; circula
tion $53,043,700. Increase $11,000; legal tenders
f 74,203.700. decrease *1. 510,400; specie $176,
212,800. Increase $1,993,700; reserve $250,416.
500. Increase $453.300; reserve required $246.
257.100. increase $284,975; surplus $4,169,400,
Increase $168,325; ex-Un!ted States deposits
$6,324,250, increase $211,773.
JfewYork Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— T0-day is a holiday
on the Cotton and Coffee exchanges, and also
In the eugar market here.
\ Liverpool Cotton M"»»-lcet.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 23. — The Cotton, Corn
and Provision exchanges here were closed to
day. .
Xeir York Grain and Prodnce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25,700 barrels; exportp, £00 barrel!*. Dull. Min
nesota bakers', $3 6rX§:3 80; winter patents,
J4 20@4 55; do etrafghtF, $3 0034 10; do ex
tras. $2 85^3 25; winter low grades, $2 75^
3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts, 198.000 bushels: exports,
24. 1C0 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 91 %c
elevator; No. 2 red, 93 % c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth. 94% c f. o. b. afioat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. The
wheat market was naturally dull to-day, but
owing to prediction of light world's rtilp
mentu, was steady, closing partly 1 / » l @/%c
higher. May. 01%fi-91%c, closed 91*ic; July,
862SS%c closed &B%c; December, 94(g*>4%c,
closed 94 lie.
HOPS — Steady. State common to choice,
19<i3, 10$14 c; Fadflc Coast, 1905, 10g>14c;
J904,0gi2c; olds, 6SSc.
HIDES— Firm; Galveston. 20 to 25 pounds,
20c; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 21c; Texas
<Jrv, 24 to 30 pound?, 19c.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM — Steady.
DRIED FIIUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is'
quiet and unchanged. Common, 7@B%c; near
ly prime, 9Q»%c; prime, 9%@9%c; choice,
10% c; fancy. 11 @ 12c.
PRUNES — In fair demand, prices ranging
from 4%©* c.
APRICOTS— Firm. Choice, 9%@10c; extra
choice 10%©10% c; fancy, 11© 12c.
PEACHES— Show no fresh feature. Extra
choice are quoted at 10c; fancy, 10%©llc; ex
tra fancy. U%@l3c.
RAISINS — Quiet. Loose Muscatel quoted at
5%€7 I .ic; seeded raisins at s'4^rflc, and Lon
don layer*. $1 60.
K«rr York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.-'-There was little
dclng In the various metal markets to-day
and pricta were without change. Lake and
electrolytic, *18 OOfcll) 00; casting. $18 12%®
IS €2%.
Tin continued quiet at $35 00&36 10.
Lead Is quoted at $5 CO for fifty-ton lots to
be shipped within thirty days, but apot «up
1 plies are scarce and tfw market ranges up to
$« 10.
Bptlter in quiet at $5 5553 C 5.
' Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23. — Total Import* of
merchandise and dry goods at the port of New
York for the week ending to-day were valued
at $17,513,699.
Total Imports of specie at the port of New
York for the week ending to-day were $45,354
In silver and $46,916 in gold.
. Total export* of specie at the port of New
York for the week ending to-day were
$1,234,111 In silver and no gold.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provfutona.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23. — An estimated decrease
of large proportions ln the weekly shipments
of world's wheat had a bullish effect to-day
on the wheat market here. At the close whotu
for May delivery was up lie Corn was off
l-ic. Oats were unchanged and provisions
ehowed a gain of 12*4 c. '
Trading in the wheat pit was very light, but
the market after the first * half ' hour had a
firm undertone. At the opening sentiment was
Bcinewhat bearish because of Improved' weather
for the movement of the crop ln the Northwest.
Offering*, however, were readily taken by com.
m!« Ion houses and thoMS and this soon re
sulted ln a firmer feeling. Purchases of the
May delivery by prominent bulls also strength
ened the market. The most Influential of the
day's news was* the estimate by an English
statistician that the total exports of wheat
from all countries for the week amounted to
£ 000,000 buchelf, a large reduction from the
shipments last week. After fluctuating within
a half -cent range the market closed firm. May
opened unchanged to a shade lower at 87c to
67®S7Vtc. sold up to 87%®'87>4c and closed &o
higher at 87%©8T%e.
Sentiment ln the corn pit was somewhat bear
ish. Trading was email and confined chiefly to
commission houses. May closed %c off at
44 He.
Moderate demand by commission bouses and
pit traders held the oats market steady. May
THE SAN; FRANCISCO - CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 24] 1905.
closed at 81%@3\%c. unchanged from yester
day.
Active buying: by packers caused strength In
provisions. At the close May pork was up
80c, lard was up 12%e and ribs were 15c higher.
The leading futures were as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No 2—
December ..... 82& 82% 82*4 82%
May SV& 87$ 87 R7%
July 83% S3& 83 83 Vj
Corn No. 2—2 —
December, old.. 48 V, 46% 4S 48
December, new. 44% 44% 44% 44%
May 44% 44% 44 44%
Juiy 44 j| 44^, 44% 44%
Oats No. 2—2 —
December 30% 30% 30% 30%
May 31% 31% 31% 31%
Mess pork, per bbl —
January 13 CO 13 75 13 60 13 75
May 13 62% 13 00 13 C 2% 13 80
Lard, per 100 lbs —
December JL 7 55 .
January ™37% 745 7 87% 745
May 7 40 7 C 2% 7 40 7 52%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — __
January 710 7 17% 7 10 7 17%
May n 25 7 40 7 25 7 40
July 7 40 7 52% 7 40 7 52%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO Dec. 23. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; winter patents, $3 85®
4 10; straights, $3 65@3 90; spring patents.
$3 76<f4 10; straights. $3 60©3 80; bakers,
$2 25@3 20; No. 2 spring wheat. S3 l ,4@BtiU.c;
No. 3, 81@94c; No. 2 red 87@87%c; No." 2
corn. 48c; No. 2 yellow, 48c; No. 2 oats,
30% c; No. 2 white. 3Hi@32c; No. 3 white,
30@31%c; No. 2 Rye, «Kg6oc; good feeding
barley, 37%@38Hc; fair to choice malting,
41@10c; No. 1 Fiaxsecd. $1 03; No. 1 North
western. $1 OS; prime timothy seed. Si! 35;
mess pork, per bbl., $12 73&12 80; lard, per
100 lbs., $7 25%@7 55; short ribs sides (loose),
$7«27 15; short clear sides (boxed), $7 12%®
$7 25; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, 513.
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 21,100 15.300
Wheat, bu 15.000 3.700
Corn, bu 405,000 214.000
Oats, bu 340.7C0 278,100
Rye, bu 4,000 1,000
Barky, bu 976,000 914,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Dee. 23.— 0n the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 17®24%c; dairies, 17@20c; vggs,
firm at mark (cases Included). ISgCSc; firsts,
22c; Drime firsts, 26c; extras, 2Se; cheese,
steady at 11%®13c
ELGIN. 111.. Dec. 23. — Butter ruled firm to
day at an advance of %c, being quoted at
25c a r-our.d. Sales for the week were 50-1,000
pounds.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Dec. 23.— CATTLE—
R-fceipts. 130O; market • unchanged. Native
steers. $3 75@6 25; native cows and heifers, $2
©4 80; stockers and feeders. $2 76@4 6O; 1 ? bulls.
$2 25g4; calves, ?3@7: Western steers. $3 75@
4 SO; Western cows. $2 40®3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 6000; market strong to 6c
higher. Bulk of sales, $4 95@3 10; heavy, $5 03
®5 15; packers, $4 95@5 10; pigs and lights,
$4 5055.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market nominally
steady.
Chleajjo.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.--CATTLB— Receipts,
14,000; steady. Beeves. $3 23®6 50; cows,
$1 35(34 35; heifers. $2 15@4 60: calves, $5 50<g)
7 25; good to prime eteers. $5 25<ff6 50; poor to
medium, $3 25@5 20 7 atockers and feeders,
S2 1084 10.
HOGS— Receipts. 15,000; Tuesday, 82,000;
market strong to 5c higher. Mlx«d and
butchers, $4 9C<§s 17%; good heavy, $5 05@
5 20; rough heavy. $4 85@4 05; light, $4 So®
5 12V4; Pigs. $4 oO@s 70; bulk of sales, $5#
5 15.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1500; market steady.
Bheep, $3 40Q5 SO; yearlings, $5 70g0 50;
lambs, f5 6507 85.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Dec. ,23. — CATTLE>— Re
ceipts, 100; market unchanged.
HOGS — Receipts, SOOO; market s@loo higher.
Heavy. $4 95©5 02V4; mixed. $4 90®4 95;
light, $4 90@4 97}£; pigs, $4 25g* 60; bulk of
sales. $4 90@4 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 100; market steady.
Yearlings, $63?6 t>s; wethers, $5 50@6; ewes,
$5@5 50; lambs, $7(g7 75.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKKTS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March.- May."
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS,' Dec. 23.— W001, steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 26@30c;
llcht fine, 21@28c; heavy fine, 10@21c; tub
washed, 33@41^c.
Northern justness.
SPOKANE, Dec. 23.— Clearings. $686,671;
balances, $54,465.
SEATTLE. Dec. 23. — Clearings, $1,084,099;
balances. 5252.4C5.
TACOMA. Dec. 23.— Clearings, $683,952; bal
ances. $55,292.
PORTLAND. Dec. 23. — Clearings. $556,219;
balances. $43,728.
Xortnern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 2.1. — Wheat— Club, 71©
72c; bluestcro, 73®74c; red, 67©GSc; valley,
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Dec. 2.1. — Wheat unchanged; ex
port, bluestem, 74c; club, 72c; red, 69c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
New York and Sterling Exchange are both
lower.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — @>| 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 04 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — ©4 87%
Now York Exchange, sight — <g> 3
New York Exchange, telegraphic — @. 8
Silver, per ounce 6514® —
Mexican Dollars — : © 51
INTERNATIONAL.
Xew York on Paris r.16%
New York on Mexico 19©£
Paris on London 25.10^4
Berlin on London 20.33%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was nothing new anywhere
yesterday. It wes a holiday In Europe, and
it mleht as well have b«en ln America for the
volume of trading done. Locally there was a
decline In futures of l .ic, but cash prices re
mained unchanged. A wire from Chicago said:
•"Tight money is against the bulls in Wheat,
besides this a bear help may b? mentioned,
a factor that Is now attracting the attention
of the entire epeculative world, and that Is
the almost entire absence of demand from
abroad for breadstuff* under these conditions,
coupled with Increasing supplies on every hand,
hence there is little to encourage the purchase
of wheat Just now. In case outstanding short
contracts are covered the market is sure to
advance, but It will take persistent buying
to hold prices. It la only necessary to glance
toward Argentine, with Its big wheat supplies,
in order to cauee a halt ln the buli movement.
There I« nothing ln the Northwest situation
to encourage the bull.
"Where euch enormous Flour sales were being
maoii a short time ago millers now report
actual dullness. The effect Is most unfavor
ably felt In Flour prices, which. It is claimed,
are completely demoralized In some instances
by th« great accumulation in Flour stocks that
millers have on hand."
miners «. cAgH WHEAT
California Club. $1 42V4: California White
Australian. $1 *7%@1 52^; lower grades cf
California Wheat. $1 12%@1 30; Northern
Club «POt. * l *°- Northern Bluestem. $1 42#;
North.™ Red. £{«£«*«
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $14014 $1 40}$ $1.40 $140%
BARLEY — Receipts were heavier, being
15 530 ctls. but the market, though lifeless,
as' usual at Christmas time, was steady at pre
vious prices. There were no new features.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 15@1 17% for common and $1 18^5?
1 22% for rood to choice: Brewing. $1 22%@
1 25; Chevalier. $1 20® 1 35 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9. t0 11:30 a. m. ;'. \u0084' -
May— No sales, $1 22% bid, $1 22% asked.
OATS — A line of Cl7B ctis came down from
Washington. The market continued dull and
of a holiday character.
. Red. $1 &o@l 62% for choice teed/: $1 80®
1 40 for felr to good and $1 25 for common;
Black, $1 &o@l 75. for good to choice for seed
and down' to $1 25 for ordinary feed; White,
$1 87V6G1 50: Grays, nominal. , .
\u25a0 CORN — Closed the week quietly, with condi
tions \u25a0 unchanged.
- Western sacked. $1 42% ' for Yellow. $1 37%
for White and $1 40 for Mixed; California large
Yellow, Jl 42%; small round do, $1 55; -White,
$1 37%: Egyptian, $1 40@l 42% for Whits and
$1 25®1 30 for Brown. '
RYE— $l 42%01 52% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 60@l 75 per ctl.'
Flour and Farinaceous Goods.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. 31 800
5 10, usual terms; Bakers'- Extras, $4 70®3;
Oregon >and Washington. $3 7504 25 per bbl.
FARINACEOUS GOODS — Prices In packages
are as follows: Graham Flour. $3 23 per ICO
lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75; Rye Meal. $3 50; Rice
Flour, $8;. Corn Meal. $2 75; extra Cream do.
?3 73; Oat Meal, $4 t6@i 75; Oat Groats, $* 76;
Hominy, $3 7S@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4 5Q@
4 75; Cracked Wheat. *3 75: Farina, SI 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. *3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls,
$7@B; In sacks, $6 Co®7 50; Pearl Barley, |6;
Split Peao, boxes, $5 50; Green Pe&a. {5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff*.
"Che Washington steamer brought down 5455
ctis Bran. There is nothins new in any de
scription. The circular of Scott & Magner
says :
"Arrivals of Hay during the week have been
31G5 tons, an Increase over the preceding few
weeks. The car situation apparently has eased
up some, so that much more Hay has come
in this week by cars than at any. time) during
the last couple of months. The arrivals hare
consisted of good grade Wheat Hay, and In
contequence this class Ip somewhat duller, and
slower of sale. There has not been as much
coming ln by water during this week of the
poorei classes of Hay. The entire feeling at
this time is of a holiday character. No one
is buying anything, except for immediate use.
Everybody is tigurlng to wait until after the
holidays before doing anything to any extent.
It Is expected, from information from Wash
ington, that « part of the recent Government
bid will be placed here. The larger part will
probably be placed for shipment from Seattle.
Choice Wheat Hay is holding its own very
well, although arrivals of this quality, have
continued to be light.
•Alfalfa Hay Is arriving moderately, and Is
readily Bold at quotations.
"Arrivals 'of Straw during . this week have
been more moderate. The demand is rather
light."
BRAN— SIO 50@20 30 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $2C@3O per ton.
SHORTS— SI 9 50<ff20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, |26@27; Oil
cake Meal in 5-ton lot 3, $37 ; Jobbing, $37 60 per
ton; Cocoanut Cake or Meal at mills, $22 ln 10
and $22 50 in 5 ton lots; jobbing, $23- Corn
Meal, $29 50@30 50; Cracked Corn, $30^31;
Mixed Feed, $24®25: Horse Beans. $30@40 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl: Calfalfa
Meal, carload lots. $22; Jobbing. $23 60 per ton;
Mealfaifa. $10 ln car lots and $21 for smaller
quantities.
HAY— Wheat. $11 50@16 50; Wheat and Oat,
$11@15 50: Oat. $9013 50; Barley, $8©11; Vol
unteer AVlld Oat, $7©11: stable. $6 Co@3 50;
stock, $7®7 50; Alfalfa, $7 50@10 50 per ton
for ordinary a.*d Jll 60@12 for choice river.
STRAAV— 3O<^SSc per bale.
Beans and Seeds. .
All descriptions of Beans, though quiet, are
firm, and Limas have made' another slight ad
vance.
. Hemp Seed Is still higher.
BEANS— Bayoa. $3 60; Pea, $3 75®4; Butter.
S3 50- small White. $3 10@3 25; large White.
$2 40@2 65: Pink, $1 90®2 10; Red, $3 25®
$3 50; Lima, here, $4 50@4 63; Red Kidneys,
$3 40©3 SO; Blackeye. $4 25@4 50 per ctl;
Horse Beans, $1 75@1 85.
\u25a0SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 "o@l 75; Yellow
Mustard, $3 50@3 75; Flaxseed, nominal; Ca
nary, CU@6%c; Alfalfa, 13@14c for Eastern
and 10@12c for California; Rape, 2@2%c;
Timothy, 5%c- Hemp, 4%0 per lb; Millet..
2siS3*c; Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60; Green Peaa, $2®
250 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
During the week Just ended the market
for Potatoes and Onions has been very quiet.
with buyers taking just about enough, to sat
isfy average dally requirements, and prices
ehowed but slight variation , from day to day.
The market for Potatoes closed very weak,
with a heavy accumulation of low grade stock
on hand.
There was a good week-end demand for mis
cellaneous vegetables, and, although the mar
ket was heavily supplied, prices were well
maintained. Peas and Summer Squash were
higher.
POTATOES — River Whites, 50@85c per tack;
Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 40 per ctl; Oregon
Burbanks, 75c@$l 10 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes.
75cS$l 25 Fer ctl.
ONIONS— YeIIow, $101 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. s@7c per lb;
String Beans, 7@loc per lb: .Wax Beans. B@loc
per lb: Lima Beans, 10c per lb; Toma
toes, 75c<f?$l 25 per box or crate: Summer
Squash, $1 255?1 50 per box; Cucumbers, $1 25®
150 per. box; Cabbage, $I@l 25 per ctl;
Carrots, 60Q75c per sack; Garlic, r>ig;7c per
"ib; Egg Plant, 10@12%c per 1b; do, Coachella,
$2*50 per crate; Green Peppers, o@tfc per Ib
for Chile and Isc for Bell; Marrowfat
Squash, $20@30 ptr ton; Hubbard Squash, $25®
30 per ton.
Poultry- and Game.
Receipts of dressed Turkeys were much
lighter than expected, only 11 tons being re
celved on the early express, and the market
developed a steadier tone. Attractive offerings
met with a good demand at well maintained !
rates, and the market vai well cleaned up
on good stock, at the close. The receipts from
Californlan and Oregon points were unusually
Ught this year, and but for the timely arrival
of several carloads of choice Eastern chilled
stock much higher prices would .have ruled
for domestic, fowls. Live- Poultry was""ln good
shape, choice offerings of all descriptions flnd
lnp ready sale at stiff prices. Game was ln
good request and generally higher.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 19®20c per lb;
Dressed Turkeys. 21@24c per lb; Geese, per
pair. $2@2 25; Goslings. *2 25@2 60: Ducks.
$505 50 cer dozen for old and $5 50@7 for
young; Hens $5@5 50 for small and $Ci&7 for
large; young Roosters, $G@o 50: old Roosters.
$5@3 50; Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, ?3<g4 50;
Pigeons. $125; Squabs, *2@2 25.
GAME— Per dozen — Mallard Duck*. $3@<3;
Canvasback, ?3@6: Sprig, $2 60® 4 50; Gray
Ducks, $3; Teal, $1 50@S; Re* Heads, $1 50@
2; Widgeon. $1 50(02; small Ducks, $1 50; Gray
Geese, $3«i3 60; White Geese, $1 25@1 75;
Brant. $2 60 for large and $1 75. for- small;
Honkers, ?3 50©3; Hare. $2@2 25; Cottontail
Rabbits, $2 50(53: Brush Rabbits, $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Ess*.
The scarcity 61 fine Butter Is now acute, and
tone dealers, have not got a single box. This
has led to a further advance, as will be seen.
The demand is urgent.
Cheese still remains firm at the old quota
tions, with very little stock on the market.
Ranch Eggs arc. distinctly firmer than of
lete, and though there was no further recov
ery ' yesterday the market was quoted firm,
\u25a0with "rpcelpts light. The dry. cold weather con
tinues to operate against the market.
The business on the Exchange waa as fol
gutter — California fresh extras. 32V»c bid;
for the same, buyer 3, 33c bid; for California
cold storage extras, 26>4c asked.
E ggs— For California fresh selected, 34% c
Cheese For California fancy new,' 14% c bid,
Receipts were 22,200 lbs Butter, 6800 lbs
Cheese and 370 cases Eggs.
DAIRY EXCHANGE OFFICIAL QUOTA
TIONS.
(Note — The Exchange- quotations represent
wholesale prlcee as established by sales, bids
and offers on the Exchange. Prices for Butter
and Eggs on the street are governed by the
Exchange quotations, but generally range
about I®lMjC higher, owing to the miscella
neous character of the business.
BUTTER— Fresh— California extras, 82c,
fi im . firsts. 28c. firm; seconds. 23 %c.
firm; Eastern extras. 25% c; nrste. 24c.
Eastern Ladles— Extras, 20c; firsts. 19c. Stor
age goods— California extras, 25c. steady;
firsts, :>3%c; Eastern extras. 24c. firm;
firsts. 23^c. Ladles— Extras, 20c. firm; first*,
10 1,4 c. firm. ...
EGGS— Fresh California eelected, 33c firm'
firsts, 30c. firm; seconds. 28c firm; , 'thirds,'
nominal: California selected store. 28c. firm;
firsts, 27c, firm; Eastern, nominal. Storage-
California selected, 28c steady; fl r8 ts. 23c;
seconds, 23 Vic. California store— Selected, 24c
firsts, 23c; Kastern selected. 24c; firsts, 23Uc :
eeconds, I"VJc -. £ "
CHEESE— California fancy. new, i4u e
steady: firsts, 13% c. firm: seconds, 12(3i2Ur.'
firm. Young Americas fancy. 15c. flra
firsts, He; seconds, 13c. Eastern— Fancy'
16%®16c. tirm; Western. 14-?14%c. Stora K £-
Callfornia fancy, 13% c. firm; Hrsts, 1-IL.
Young Americas, fancy. 14c; Eastern, fancy
16c. steady. . : \u25a0 \u25a0
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
With local retailers and buyers from n»ar
by towns laying ln supplies for three days'
wants. Christmas, the fruit market was quite
active, but trade was confined chiefly to
Oranges and high-grade Apples. Large well
colored Navels possessing sweetness were
wanted for the Christmas trade and ruled very
firm, with a few brands o f exceptionally Una
stock .commanding a substantial premium
Small fruit moved off a little better than pre
viously, but prices .showed no Improvement
All the other Citrus groods stood as previously
quoted. A few small consignments of choice
Grapes were received and quickly disposed of
at good prices. Five chests of Strawberries
were received, but, being , green and generally
unattractive, they found few buyers. A few
drawers of Riuspberrles from across the bay
were cold at the flat rate of 60c p«r drawer
STRAWBEKRIES— SS@7 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, 15@10c per bar
rel.
APPLES— SI 25@2 per box for rancy, 75c
@$1 25 for choice and 40@75c • for common;
Christmas Apples, $1 25@2 50 per box
PEARS— Winter Nellis, $2@2 50 per box:
other varieties. $I@l 25 per box
PERSIMMONS— r.Oc<ZTJI per box. V /,
GRAPES — $IQM 50 per crate.
CITRUS AND TKQPICAL FRUITS Or
anges; Navels, $2@2 50 per box for fancy,
|1 50@l 75 for choice and $I@l 50 for stand
ards; Seedlings, 75cfl?$l 25; Tangerines, %ia
125; Japaneee Mandarins. $1 25©1 50- Lem
ons, $1 50®2 50: Urapi Fruit. $1 6002 73':' Mfxl
can Limes, $4S* 60 per case; Bananas, Ha
waiian, $I@2 pei Linen; Central American,
$2 f'oo3 50 -pen Vi;n.^h: Pineapples, $^85- per
dozen. J ".-/' y
Dried Fruits, ; Kuts^ Raisins and Honey.
'\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 FRUII Apricote. 8:210 c • for Royals and
9© 12c for Moorpark: Peaches, S%c for ! stand
ards. B%C: for choice, -9c for extra choice and
B%©lt>c for 'fancy: \u25a0 .Pears.~.-S@l2U>c;vNectar
tnta, 7%#8%c for white and 7%@7%c for Red;
Plums, pitted, 6%@7%C; for Black, 7@9c for
Red and 7@9c for Yellow: Silver Prunes. 7@oc;
Evaporated Apples. < B@9%c : ' Flga."- boxes, 600
for choice, 55c for extra choice and <3G@S3c for
fancy; bulk white, 2%@4c per lb; black.
3@3%c.
PRUNES— 3%@4c basis for the four flzes
(60-100) and 4%c baels' for the large and small
sizes. \u25a0\u25a0..\u25a0•\u25a0 . . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
RAISINS — Loose. 4-crown; 6%c per lb; ?*
crown. 6c; 2-crown, 5%c Seeded Raisin? —
Fancy, -16 ounces, S'4c; fancy. 12 ounces. 6%c;
choice. 16 ounces. Sc; choice, 12 ounces. 6%c:
Imperial Clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesas,
$2 60; fancy, $2;. 3-crown London Layers.
$1 50; 2-crown, $140; seedless standard loose
' Muscatels. IVjc; seedless Sultanas, 54@Tc;
Thompsons. i>*»c; bleached fancy, 9@lC^c;
bulk choice, 8c; standard, 7c. s
NUTS — Almonds: Nonpareils. 12*4@13c: IX
L, 12c: Ne Plus Ultra, 11%@12c : Drakes,
9>4@loc. and Languedoc. 9®9Msc: hardshell,
6Mi©ti^4c: Walnuts, No. 1 softuhell, 13®14c;
No. 2, 9010 c; No. 1 hardshell. 12tf@13Vie: No.
2, 8%©9% c; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 Co@s; _ Italian
Chestnuts, S@loc per lb.
HONEY— Comb, 12014 c for white and 10#
lie for amber; water white extracted, 5^4Q»
: 5»4c; white. 3c; amber, 4©4',4c; dark, ;
I Hawaiian. 2^c for extracted.
BEESWAX— 2762Oc per lb.
Provisions.
The week closed with the market still quiet
and featureless.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12% c per lb for
heavy, 12>4c for light medium.- 13i4@14c for
light. 14@14%c for extra light and lt>Sl6^2
for sugar-cured; <iry Salt -Sides, llo:' Bel
lies, 12c; Eastern eugar-cured Hams, 13@13%c;
California Hams. 12»/i@12%c: Mes 3 Beef, *9 BO
per bbl- «xtra Mess, $10; Family $11; prime
Mess Pork, $14; extra clear, $19 50; Mess,'
$17 50; Pig Pork, $22; Pigs* Feet. $3; Smoked
Beef. 140 per lb. •:
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6&<J per lb for
California Compound, 7i?7^ic for Eastern com
: pound and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
10c: 10-lb tins. 10% c; 5-lb tins. lO^fcc; 3-lb
COTTOLENB—One half barrel, 8c; three
hair barrels. 7>£c; one tierce, 7*ic; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Everything remains aa before quoted, with
all markets quiet, as usual during the holi
days.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands se,H
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 13c; medium, 12>4c; HsJit, 12c;
Cow Hides. 12c for heavy and 12c for
light: Stags. B%c; Saltsd Kip, 12c: Salted
Veal, 13c: Salted Calf. 14c; dry Hides, 21c;
dry Kip, 20c; dry Calf, 23c; •' Sheepskins,
shearlings 20@60c each: short Wool. 50@90c
each; medium, 90c®$l 25: lons Wool. $1 2. T d£2;
Horse Hides, salt, $3@3 25 for large and $2 73
for medium, $2 25 for small 1 - and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $2©2 25 for large and $1 60®
1 75 for medium, $1- SO 'for email and COc for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 34c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American,
Ssc: Goat Skins,— Prime Angoras, 75c; ex
tra large do. $1 25: large, 50®60c; medium,
35@40c: email. 23c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4@4Mc In barrels;
In cans and drums, Vie less; No. 2. 3g3'/4c;
Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL — Fall clip — Northern free. 15@17c;
do, defective, 12@14c; Middle County, free, 13®
17c- do, defective, 12©14 c; San Joaquin end
Southern, !o®l3c; San Joaquin Lambs. H©
10c- do. defective. 9Sl2c per lb.
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
Meat Market.
There is nothing new in any description.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — s®ec for Steers and 435 c per lb for
Cows. \u25a0
VBAL — Large. sH@7#c: small. 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9V6@loc; Ewes. 5>,499c
per lb
LAMB— lo@llc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, S^gOc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, s&@S%c: Cotvs and Heif
ers, 4%<95c.
CALVES — 3%@4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3^@374c; Ewes, 3@3i40
per lb (gros3 weight).
LAMBS— S2 75©3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 130 to 250 lbs, svi£6c;
over 250 lbs, 5%c; under 130 lbs. si£e:
Feeders, nominal; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations. |
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, buyer June-July. C%Q
G^ic; Wool Bags. 30®33c; small lots. ai®34c;
Fleece Twine, 7 We.
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, ?8; Seattle, $G 50; Bryant. $0 £0:
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Roslyn, $7: Coos Bay, $5 50:
Richmond, $S: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke, $11 So@l3 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for case*
add sc: Linseed, 50c per gallon for boiled and
48c for raw; Castor Oil, in. cases No. r.'7oc;
Bakers' AA, cases, $1 16@1 18;LucoI, 48c for
boiled and 40c for raw; China Nut, cases, 65®
7Sc per gallon: Cocoanut OH, In barrels, SSo
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached Winter Whale
Oil, 65c; natural Whale Oil. 6l)c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
Pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OH.
67% c: Herring Oil, 45c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled
Fish OH 85c; raw Fish OH. :i3c: Paint OH, 35c
COAL OIL. GASOLINE. ETC.— Water Whits
Coal OH, in bulk, lie; Pearl Oil, In cases.
17% c: Astral, ll\ic: Star, 17% c; Extra Star,
20V4c: Elaine, 26c; Eocene, 19Hc : Stove Gaso
line in bulk, 15^c: in cases. 22c: Motor Gaso
line! in bulk, 15He: In cases. 22c; No. 1 En
gine Distillate, Iron barrels or drums 8c; No.
0 do «s&e: cases, 6%c more; Benzine, in bulk
12^c; cases, 19c: 86-degree Gasoline. l n bulk.
"sc: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 90c per gallon in cases and
S4c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. S0
B%c rer lb; White Lead. B©B^c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Susrar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, ln 100-Ib bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.30 c;
Powdered, 5.15 c; Candy Granulated, 3.15 c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.05 c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 05c; Fruit Grariulated. 5.05 c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 4.55 c: Confecticnais'
A 8 05c- Magnolia A. 4.65 c; Extra C. 4.53 c;
Golden C. 4.45 c: "D," 4.35 c: barrels, 10c more;
half 'barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; SC-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.55 c: boxes. 5.SOc; H. & E. Cry3tal
Domlnos, 8.03 c per lb. N o order taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
PACIFIC CODFISH— The Union Fish Com
pany announces trat the Codfish market, hav
ing become quite demoralized. It has with
drawn the last list of prices and cannot make
a new list until prices become more eettled.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 23.
Flour, qr «ks.^ 31,610} Wool, bales 17
Wheat, ctls.... 1,022 Hops, bales 320
Barley, ctls 15,539 I>ather. r0115... ltiO
Corn, Western. Hides, No 1,f04
centals .. 600| Pelts, bdls 9C5
Rye. ctls 643. Lime, bbls 91
Tallow, ctls.... 226' Paper, rolls 633
Sugar, ctls l,Boo| Brandy, gals 4.2C0
Beans, sks • 40! Wine, gals 56,353
Potatoes, ska... 1,4251 Apples, bxs 130
Onions, sks.... 290 Livestock, bxs.. 350
Bran, sks 100 Calfskins, bdls.. 60
Middlings, ska. 30 Molasses, bbls.. SO
Hay, tons 7281
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 9,7001
\V A Q t X I \T /"* T f\ VT
Flour, qr sk«. .. l,OGO| Oats, ctls 6,17"»
Wheat, ctls C 8.138!. 138! Bran, sks 5.435
STOCK HAHKET.
All Local Boards Stand Adjourned to
Tuesday. -
The Stock and Bond Exchange was the only
beard In sepaion yesterday, and business there
was very light, with no material change in
quotations. All the exchanges will be closaJ
to-mprrow. .American National Bank was ex
dlvldend of $2 50 under the rule..
The Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco
has declared a semi-annual dividend of 3i4 per
cent per annum on all deposits, payable Janu
ary 2. The rate la VI per cent hijfher than th.it
paid for the first half of this year.
The New York and Honduras Rosario Minln;;
Company paid a refrular dividend of 1 p*r cent
and an extra dividend of 1 per cent yesterday.
The Copper Range Consolidated Mining Con-.^
pany paid a quarterly dividend of $1 per share
yesterday.
The output of the Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 25 mining carloads ot fir*t-<?lass
ore assaylntt $71 04 per ton and-179 carloads c'if
second-class ore assaying $36 17 per ton.
STOCK AND BOSD EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Dec. 23 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Afk.l Bld.Ask.
4s Qr coup.. lo.'{?i UH I 4s qr cp nw.132'4 —
4s qr regr...lC3',4lo4Vj;2s qr coup...ltt>UlMH
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW5s — — Ok T Con ss. — —
Asao Oil ss. 02 — O.W. gtd 15s. 83 OS'4
Bay CPC ss. — IC9U| Oceanic Sss fit G7&
Cal C G 6s. — 110^4 Om Cable 53.120J5 —
Cal G& E X ' Pac Glm 4a Hti SO
m&ct oa 00V41C0 PE Ry Bs..H:$H —
Cal-at C 6s.imiim4 Pac L*P 55. 101% —
C C Wat 55.106 — P& C H Us. 100 —
Do Emgss 94 06 P& O R Ca.llo —
Ed L&P C5.122%123 Powell-st H*.lll —
F& C H C 5.113 lit Sac EG&Ros.lo7%lCB
Gtary-st ss'. 30 40% PF & SJVfiy.n9 *
II C&S 5%5.105^ — SF.O &SJSS.IIO —
Do 65.".. ..105% — Sierra R tis. — 112%
Hon R T 68.108 V* — SPof A Cs
LA Elec Bs.lo4'^ — (1009) ....10S% —
LAG&EI 58.101. — (1910) ....IC«VS —
1. A;Ry fis.m^ll© SPof C 6s
LiAL gtd 6». 105^106% (1006) ....102% —
t, AP C 5e.108%.— : (1012) 114 —
L & Plcmss.lll 112 SPC I eg: 55. 118 —
Mkt-st C 65.116 Vi — SP B R 6a.135H136
Do- lcmss.llsH \u25a0'•—"- S V Wat 65. 102% —
MV& MT53.105% .— \u25a0 Do 4s 2dm. 100 100%
NR of C tis.lO4V4 — Do 4» 3dm. BU%IOO
Do 8».'.... 110% — Do g mi<4fl 01% 9SU
NPC It Ss.IWJiICS Stkn G&ESs. 3U —
! N C Ry 55.112"i — IU G & E ss. 105*4 —
NC P C ss. 99W.105 [UR of SF 4s 57% 88
ro GI.&H Ss.ICW — Val Co P 55.1W%106
Ok TCo 6s 123 — " Yo^.SL 4%6. — »\u25a0>%
Do 5s 115 —
\u25a0 WATER STOCKS.
Contra Csta. 46»547 | Port Costa... — 68
Marin C 0... 6& - — »S • V- Wat Co 40 4C%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. — 4%| Pac L C 0... 73 —
Martel Powr 2 — tSFO& E. 83 —
Mutual B L IC% 17 | Stkn G& E. 9% —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fd.390 — !
; . BANK. STOCKS.
Am NU Bk. — 131&.IL P & A.. .147- 155
Anglo-Cal .. 92% 93 Mer Trust... 2lo 240
Bank of Ca1.423 — Merch Ex... 60 —
Cal Saf* DplCO 165 S F National — ICO
First Natnl.34o —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2D00 — ; Say & L So. 100 —
Hum 5-8k.215S — Sec Say 8k.35)5 —
Mutual Sav.twj% — Union T C0.27C0 3CW
S F Say U.7GO — [
STREET RAILROADS.
California. . 2l2% — I Presidio 39% 40 j
Giant Con... 75 — | '•
• '" \u25a0 . SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 85% — iMakawell C. 32 —
Honokaa SC 12 Onomea SC. 30 32
Hutch SP C 14% 15 1 Paauhau SC 22 22%
Kilauea SC — — f
' ; . . MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 55 — | Oceanic SCo 4% 4%
asso Oil Co 55 57 iPacAuxFA. — —
Cal FCA. — 98 Pac C 80rx.132 —
Cal Wine AS2 £2% Pac S Te1C0.103% —
MV& MtTm — —
* _ SALES.
\u25a0 Morning , Session.
Board—
75 Contra Costa Water 46 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar. S3 75
00 Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co. 14 75
50 Makawell . . .; 32 25
20 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
45 Oceanic Steamship Co 4 25
10 Paauhau Sugar Plantation C 0.... 22 CO
200 Paauhau S P Co. s 90 22 OO
fCCCG S V Water Co gen mtge 4a 97 75
$10,000 Sacramento E, G and Ry 55.,...1C7 50
Street —
$13,000 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar 4s 106 00
Unlimited' Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
• Bid. As«..| . Bid. Ask.
Cay CPC Cs.lC«i4lo7%' SF Drdk" 5«.115 —
B L Wat 68.112 . — f SF G&E4%5.101%1C2
Cal N*w.£s. — 111% SF &NP os:il2 —
arc Wat 5s — 114 SP C R 4s. OS —
O T-Con 6s. — 107%! Sun Tel 65. .112 —
Pac G&El5s. 94% — f Do 5a 105%110%
Ris IWksSs. — 105 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S C 0... — 25 Mils Nat 8k.325 —
Am Bis Co.llo — NS R R Co. — 12%
Cal Cot Mis 90%100 N Cal P Co. 15Vi —
Cal G&ECor 80% —4 Ole Bk Say. 150 —
C Jockey Cl. — 150 lOOK Hall A 6% —
Cal Powder.l6o — Orpheum Co. 17 —
Cal Ship Co — 25 Pac CCas C0.142%173
i CUT I&T. — 190 Pac G&E pfd 87 —
Cen Bk, Ok. — 75 Pac Sur Co. — 120
Chutes Co.. 3% 5 Paraf Pa1nt.112%125
Clty& C 8k.117% — 18 F Drydock — 73
Cyp L Imp. — C sr A SJCoal 20 25
DptPwd pfd 98 ICO S Jose Wat. 103% —
Do c0m... 100 — SO& MTxbt. — 180
FN Bk. Ok. 120 — So Pac Co.. — es
Frnch-A Bk 110 — J Swiss- A 8k.125 13i>
Gas Con A. — 19 Truck Elect. 22Vi 22%
Hono old pi. — 85 I Union S Co. 30 35
Do nw pi — 36 W-Fargo 8k.223 —
Mat Nay C 0.120 — j^West Natßk.l6s 168%
FHEXZIED FIXAN'CE
IX PORTO RICO
Application Made for Receiver of First
Loan Association on the
Island.
Upon the application of several share
holders of the People's Co-operative
Building, Saving and Loan Association of
Porto Rico, with headquarters in San
Juan, Acting Governor Post has appoint
ed William H. Hawkins, a San Juan
lawyer, as special judge to hear an appli
cation for the appointment of a receiver
for the association. For some time past
there have been rumors that all was not
right, and certain of the shareholders in
tlit association are demanding an Inves
tigation. The officers of the association
have of late refused to accept payments
on shares.
The concern was the first of Its kind ln
Porto Rico. It was organized just three
years ago and was authorized to have
$1,000,000 capital. It was promoted by G'n
eral William H. Elliot, now of Newcastle.
Ind., but who was then Commissioner of
the Interior for Porto Rico and who was
the first president of the enterprise. The
association was governed by a special law
and was subject to inspection by the
Treasurer of Porto Rico.
It guaranteed 8 per cent a year on its
investment certificates, and for a con
siderable time paid 1 per cent a month to
its shareholders. Its methods were simi
lar, to those of building and loan associa
tions in the States and its directorate is
composed of leading American and native
business men of. San Juan. One of these
directors says that with careful handling
of the funds the association should be
able to pay a large percentage of what
it owes.
During the last eighteen months the
concern has been involved in a big land
speculation in Santurce, on the outskirts
of San 3uan, and owns valuable property
there, on which six dwellings, one costing
510,000, and the Union Club's fine . JSOOO
clubhouse have been erected. At present
even an approximate statement of liabili
ties and assets cannot be procured.
The association induced many wage
earners to buy shares, and the failure of
the concern, if it finally goes to the wall,
will have a tendency to shake native
faith in American enterprises. If some of
the ugly rumors now afloat are true the
troubles of the association will soon lead
to the airing of somewhat frenzied finan
cial methods.— Chicago Chronicle.
Is Rising
* xs toiu in tnc
Boston News Bureau
as nowhere else.
If you believe the fiction of "Frenzied Finance" you
don't want the Boston NEWS BUREAU; if you have
been familiar with its presentations on
AMALGAMATED
U. S. STEEL
*
from their beginnings, you must know the Boston NEWS
BUREAU has a record on which it can stand.
Start 1906 as a regular subscriber and investment reader,
and it will keep you posted on
COPPER AND STEEL
And you may learn what is under Anaconda that may
make it the feature of the .copper world in 1906.
No business man or investor should be without the
Boston NEWS BUREAU, which for 18 years has printed
matter, invaluable to financial interests that can be had in
no other publication. It aims to be a complete con-
densed financial daily record for busy men of affairs.
Price $12 per annum, $1 per month.
C. W.'BARRON, PUBLISHER,
Exchange Place, Boston.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SAtE.
NEVADA STABLES
1359 Market Street.
Friday, Decemoar 29, at II a.m.
' I will sell the contents of the Nevada. Stable*,
consisting of 70 head of flrst-class Hcrtea.
among them a number of matched teams and
some or the best Road Horses In the city, a
| number ot flrst-elas s Business Horsea and
i some good Wagon Horse*. 25 flrst-class Busi-
ness Buggies. 15 Road Bugsles. 12 Top Bug-
gies, 4 Surreys. 1 Hack. 1 Victoria. 1 Wagon-
ette and a number of wagons of all kinds.
Harness for all outfits. Whips, Robes. Blankets,
Safe and Office Futures and a number of other
things too numerous to mention.
This is not a lot of cheap stuff, but on* of
the best. If not the best, equipped stables en
the coast. Everything must be sold, for tha
owners are retiring from the Uvery business
and the building will be remodeled Into a
theater.
JOHX J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
60=DraftIorsas=6i
AT AUCTION
Turatlny Gvenintr. Dee. 28. 8 O'clock
THESE MARES AND GELDING 3 WEIGH
FROM 1330 TO 1730. AGES FROM 4 TO 8
TEARS OLD. THE FINEST EVER
BROUGHT TO THIS CITY. WE SHALL.
ALSO OFFER 40 HEAD OF LIGHT DRIV-
ING AND WAGON HORSES. Catalogues
ready Sunday. Horses now on exhibition.
NO OUTSIDE HORSES WILL BE OFFERED
AT THIS SALE.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET
E. STEWART & CO.. 320 Valencia St.
SUPERANNUATED EMPLOYES
OP FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
Northwestern Xevcnpaer Favor* Uncle
Sana Having; a Penaton
List. \u25a0 , "
One feature of the overhauling: of ths
departments at Washington that will
prove embarrassing 1* the employment
of superannuated clerks.
Those who have vl3ited Washington
and have been through the various de
partmental buildings have necessarily
been struck by the number of very old
people employed there. Octogenarians
are plentiful, nonogenarians are not
scarce, and some of them look like cen
tenarians as they totter about their
work.
The spectacle is pathetic. The average
department clerk lives through life tzi a
vain effort to catch up with himself
financially, and no doubt many of these
aged servants are still dependent upon
their salaries. While a few, from the
exclusive knowledge of some detail of
the work that they may possess, are of
greater value because of their age and
long service, it must be confessed with
regret that most of them are simply pen
sioners, who are not physically able to do
the work that should be expected of
them.
The problem is going to bo whether it
is best to steel the heart and turn the
eyes away from the pathos of the situ
ation and discharge these ancient retain
ers, replacing them with people capable
of doing a day's work, or whether they
are to be kept on the salary list until
they totter to their deathbeds. While
this is merciful, it is at the expense of
public business and it would be far bet
ter to pension them outright and pay
younger persons to take their places.
The idea of a civil pension list has never
been popular with Congress, however,
and It is doubtful if It ever will be
adopted. The only solution of the future
would be a pension list to which tha em
ployes In the classified list would con
tribute, making a fund of which tha
Government would only be the custodian.
This would not help those now employed
who are too old to be made beneficiaries,
It might serve to require the crea
tion of such a pension fund for the fu
ture, and then retain the old-timers em
ployed at present until they drop out.
The problem is gt>ing to be- a factor in
the investigation, however, and it is a
delicate though perhaps not a vastly im
portant one.— Duluth Herald (Ind.)
Gettlns nicn Slowly.
Ordinarily a great fortune is built up
like a stone wall-a stone at a time. The
young man who declines to lay the first
stone because it comes so far short of a
•wall will never make progress in finan
cial masonry. An immense proportion of
the people of this country live up to thPir
incomes, laying aside nothing for the tra
ditional rainy day. Because they cannot
save $1000 In a bunch they save nothing.
The greatest financial kings have not
been above taking care of the pennies
even The great financial institutions
look after even the fractions of pennles.-
Troy (N- V.) Press-
Riches have wings— and rich men may
eventually have flying machines.
4748
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
FIGHTS BESIDE
BODY OF MOTHER
Brutal Son Forgets Respect
Due Dead Parent in Eage
at Stepfather's Rebuke
TRIES TO WRECK HOME
Felix Dolan Attempts to De
stroy Furniture in Room
Where Coffin Is Placed
OAKLAND. Dec. 83. — Crazed from
the «>lTects of a prolonged debauch and
angered because he had been rebuked
for his behavior. Felix Dolan. a paint
er, last night attempted to wreck the
furniture in the room in which his
mother, Mrs. J. J. Gunnip, lay dead,
and whfii Ms stepfather, John J. Gun
nip, who is an employe of the South
ern Pacific Company, attempted to
ejf<t him from the house, turned upon
the latter and, forgetting the pres
ence of the dead, attacked him with
the fury of a. maniac. Gunnip, after
throwing Polan from the house, called
&it officer and had his Btepson ar
rested.
Sober and penitent. Dolan appeared
before Judge Samuels In department 2
of the Police Court this morning
and, trembling with terror and with
tear* in hUs eyes, begged for one more
chance. At the request of his step
father judgment was suspended and
be wps granted permission to attend
th" funeral of his mother on his prom
ise that he would leave Oakland im
mediately after the services and would
remain a way for a year. After a se
\er*> scoring Judge Samuels informed
Dol&n that If he was found within the
limits of tills city after December 26
he would l>e arrested and would re
ceive the full penalty for his offense.
Dolan, who has been drinking heav
ily for several mor.ths, was informed
Last night of the death of his mother,
and went to the house at 4903 Tele
graph avenue in an intoxicated condi
tion. His stepfather reproached him
for his actions and, enraged by the
scathing words, Dolan declared that
h* would "clean out the whole place"
and attempted to break some of the
furniture in the room in which stood
the <"offin containing the body of his
mother. Gunnip overpowered Hie
young man after a deeporate struggle
and ejected him from the house, after
which he had him arrested-
COMMEXD CHIEF BALI,.
OAKLAND. Dec. 28. — The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners adopt
••d the following resolutions In the case
nf the investigation of charges of in
efficiency made against X. A. Ball of
the Fire Department:
"Whereas, A petltrOn signrd by F. I.
Matthev.-s and others has been tiled
\u25a0with this < ourt, asking for the removal
of N". A. Ball as Chief Engineer of the
Oakland Fire Department, and
"Whereas. Said petition contains
the charges of inefficiency, incompe
tency and neglect of duty, and
"Whereas, Such charges have been
given n full hearing by this board, in
op^n meeting, and
"Whereas, It is the opinion of the
members of this board that the testi
mony of the witnesses examined has
not proven the charges or any of the
• negations made in said petition,
thwefore be it
"Resolved, That » the said charges
made by I\ I. Matthews, and others,
against Chief Engineer X. *A. Ball, be
end th» fame arc heroby dismissed; and
be it further resolved that the Board
of roli^e and Fire Commissioners here
by expresses its full confidence in the
integrity and executive ability of X. A.
Ball as Chief Engineer of the Fire De
partment of the city of Oakland."
" The employes of the Burnham
'Ktandeford Milling Company were pre-
Fonted with a Christmas turkey each
hy their employers this afternoon, the
gifts being accompanied in each case
by a letter expressing appreciation for
the po-jd work of the men In fighting
the fire which threatened the destruc
tion of the mills on September 59.
After the turkeys, 120 in number.
were distributed the employes, '- to
vliom the gifts had come as a sur
prise, testified their appreciation by
jdvins three lusty cheers for the mem
bers of the company.
WIItAVT I.O»GK I.VSTALLS.
BERKELEY. Dec. 23.— Durant Lodge
Nft. :SS installed its officers for the en
. suir-B term last night with full Ma
sonic- ceremony. R. w. Meek acted as
Installing ofiicer and Past Master C. L.
. Hlodcnbach was marshal or ceremo
nies.
A large number of visiting Masons
were present and commented upon the
.excellence of the Installation cere
nie-y. The officers installed were-
Master, Charles H. Blohm; senior war
den, J. s. Gentry; junior warden,
Gcorg-o Leonard; treasurer, W. G. San
born; secretary. Clarence Merrill; mar
shal. W. V. C. Threlkeld: senior deacon,
F. H. Dakin; junior deacon, W F
OoJeman; senior steward, H. I. Ran
dall; junior stev.-ard. Herman Hodge
tyler. D. T. Bull; organist. Clinton
Morse.
Tho following programme was ren
dered: Music. Masonic Quartet; instal
lation of officers; banquet: address, E.
W. Hart, deputy grand master; music
Masonic Quartet; address, W. p. Wil
liamson, district inspector; music "My
Own United States," chorus by the
brethren; address. Judge William H.
Waste; solo by Clinton R. Morse; ad
dress. Past Master Bledenbach; music
Masonic Quartet.
SAYS HE WAS ROBBED.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Joseph Costello
was arrested by Detective Kyte at
Third "street and Broadway this after
noon on a charge of having robbed
Joseph Jacobs, 78 years of age, nearly
r.lne months ago. The police' believe
that the old man is slightly demented.
He sajb he rode with a man who an
swers the description of Costello to the
head of Lake MerrJtt and was there
beaten and robbed of $49. He was
round lying on the sidewalk the next
day and he told several contradictory
etorie* regarding his condition, but to
day, after waiting since last March, he
swore to a warrant charging Costello
with robbery.
WOMAN HOLDS THIEF.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — Mrs. JeEsie Uc-
Donough became the heroine of West
Oakland this afternoon when she cap
tured a sneak thief in her notion store
at 1463 Seventh street. She was in the
rear of the store when a man entered
and, taking up a pair of shoes, started
to depart. Mrs. McDonough ran to the
front of the store, grabbed the man,
and bystanders say she struck him in
the eye. Whatever happened,, Mrs. Mc-
Donough held the man and when Po
liceman Cox answered a summons from
her neighbors she caused his arrest for
larceny. The man gave his name as
James Fiojd.
MRS. MATTHEWS' BODY IS
TAKEN FROM THE GRAVE.
The remains of Mrs. Mary Matthew*, whose death in Oakland Coroner Mehrmann sus
pected was caused by a criminal operation, were removed from the grave 'yesterday. An
autopsy showed that Dr. Wilder's statement of the cause of death was wrong. He admitted ;
having removed one of the organs found to be missing from the body, but produced it. The
Coroner has consulted with the District Attorney.
Dr. Wilder's Diag
nosis Proves to
Be Wrong.
He Produces Organ
Autopsy Shows
Is Missing.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23— The body of Mrs.
Mary R. Matthews, who died here Tues
day and was buried the next day, was ex
humed by Deputy Coroner Van Y r &nken
this afternoon and an autopsy to-night
proved that one of the organs of the
woman's body had been removed.
Dr. C. 11. "Wilder, who attended tha
woman at the Central Hospital, admitted
that he had removed the organ, and said
he was privileged to do so in order to
protect himself. Coroner Mehrmann says
he had no right to mutilate a dead body
and that he is liable under the law for
that offense. The Coroner further says
that the autopsy proved that Dr. Wilder
did not give a correct diagnosis of the
case.
Mr*. Matthews was taken ill more than
a we*k ago at 517 San Pablo avenue, and
it is alleged that the inmates of the
building called Dr. Wilder, who had the
woman removed to the Central Hospital,
where she died last Tuesday. On Wednes
day, fifteen hours after she died, the
body was Interred in Mountain View
Cemetery. The next day her husband,
C. T. Matthews, appeared in Oakland and
demanded that the body be exhumed,
declaring that his wife had evidently
died from an ilk gal operation.
Matthews said his wife had deserted
him and their two children and had
artpfl as housekeeper for N*. G. Madson
of Paso Robles. Acting upon his sug
gestion. Coroner Mehrmann ordered the
body exhumed and to-night an autopsy
was held by Drs. Hamlln. Reinle and
Curtis. The autopsy Furgeons found that
one of the woman's organs had been re
moved and that she had died from septl
cemia. They could lind no trace of menin
gitis, the disease from which Dr. Wilder
said phe had died.
Neither could they find any trace of
absce«s, which Dr. Wilder wrote In the
death certificate as a contributory
cause. The autopsy proved that Dr.
Wilder"s diagnosis of the case was wrong
and Coroner Mehrmann will consult with
District Attorney Al'en with a view to
taking further sUps in the case.
When the autopsy was held this even
ing. Dr. Wilder appeared with the organ
of the woman j=<"a!«»d in a bottle, although
h» stated last night that he had not mu
tilated the body. He said he had tried to
protect himself and stated that he had
signed a death certificate, regardlesß of
the Coroner's instructions, to avoid no
toriety.
The police, acting on information from
Mr?. 11. E. Graff. Detective Frank Lynch
having interviewed her. notified Chief Di
nan of San Francisco that if a crime had
been committed in Mrs. Matthews' case
it was committed in San Francisco. Mrs.
Graff said she had accompanied Mrs.
Matthews to the office of a Dr. Leek, a
dentist of that city, where Mrs. Mat
thews was operated upon. With relation
to that visit lite. Graff said to-night:
About a month ago <I do not remember the
pxact dai*) J went to the office of Dr. Leek.
in San Rranctoci*. We were accompanied by
Mrs T It McDlarmld. who lives at the St.
Nicholas Houw in this <ity. On arriving: at
ihe office at Dr. Leek Mrs. Matthew-left us
in the reception room and went into the ope
rating room, remaining thorn tor several rnin
utm When »he came out we left the ofnee
and on the way home ehe told me that she
had had an operation performed, but did not
tay -what It «a».
MOTHER OF AUTHOE
LAID AT FINAL REST
OAKX.AXD. Dec. 23.— The funeral of
Mrs Margaret Miller, the aged mother
of Joaquln Miller, "Poet of the Sierra,"
was held at noon to-day at the home
of the author on Oakland Heights, the
remains being laid to rest in the beau
tiful burying ground on the hill in the
rear of the Miller home. Many friends
of the deceased, who had become inti
mately acquainted with her during her
long residence In Alameda County,
journeyed to the mountain home to
pay their last respects to the memory
of one who had endeared herself to all
who knew her in life and to render a
tribute of love, the last she would
ever receive on earth.
The services were very simple and
their very simplicity made them the
more beautiful. Following the singing
of the opening hymn, Joaquin Miller
himself paid a touching tribute to the
virtues of the parent who had been
his companion for so many years, and
two funeral hymns were sung by those
attending the services at the close of
his remarks. A Japanese friend of the
poet then recited the Lord's prayer.
The services were closed with »en ad
dress by Colonel John P. Irish, who
for many years had been an intimate
friend of the deceased and her gifted
son.
At the close of an Invocation by the
Rev. Franklin Rhoda, who conducted
the funeral services, the remains were
borne up the hill to the little private
burying ground, where they were laid
at rest beside those of Maud Miller,
the daughter of the poet, who was
borne to her last resting place on
Christmas day four years ago.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— The following
marriage -licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: George H. S.
Haly, 24, and Eleanor L. Fluno, 19, both
j of Oakland; Emil Axelson, 28, Bakers
field, and Anna Peterson, 24, Oakland;
Henry F. Lass, 23. Haywards, and Ade
laide E. Kennedy, 23. Oakland; William
F. Drury, 28, and Ida M. Lovell, 26, both
of Oakland; Joseph E. Abreu, 26, and
Mary A. Marcelino, 21, both of Oakland;
Albert J. Watts, 23, Sacramento, and
Annie C Chalmers, 22, Oakland; Roy
Perlgo, 26, and Mabel E. Bowman, 19
both of Oakland: Samuel J. Davlna, 27,'
Haywards, and Übalina Goulart. 16, San
Leandro; Otto E. Deurr, 24, and Flor->
ence M. Wade, 23, both of Berkeley;
Daniel F. Brearty, 21, and Lucy L.
Roach, 17, both of Oakland; Clayton T.
Miller, 24, and Josephine Wynn, 23,
both of San Francisco; John L. Con
nelly, 25, United States army, and Nellie
Villamonte, .19, San Francisco; Eustace
F. McGauley, S6, and Emma Hamar, 32,
both of San Francisco; John T. Mont
gomery, 86, and Cora M. Lewis, 32, both
of Alameda; Otis E. Leland. 24, Berke
ley, and Geneva Copner, 21, Berkeley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. DECEMBER 2-i. 1005.
WOMAN WHOSE DEATH IN* OAKLAND IS BEING INVESTIGATED BY TUB
AUTHORITIES BECAUSE OF INCRIMINATING CIRCUMSTANCES. THE BODY
WAS EXHUMED AND AN AUTOPSY BROUGHT OUT REVELATIONS.
BRAIN EXPOSED,
MAN WORKS ON
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— With his brain
exposed to view . through a hole
in his head. Captain William
Adamson. master of oil barge
No. 7, worked from 7 o'clock
last nljzrht until midnight and then
went to bed and slept soundly until
this morning, when he went to the Re
ceiving Hospital to have his injury
dressed. The hospital attendants were
astonished at his tale and the surgeons
were Immediately, summoned, as it was
found necessary to perform the opera
tion of treph'nlngr.
Adamson's home Is at 1702 Polk
street in San Francisco. - He was work-
Ing late last night to discharge a cargo
of oil In order to get to his home. In
hoisting an Iron flange high up on the
mast it fell and struck him on top of
the head just over the right eye. He
was knocked senseless, but recovered
in a short time and went' on with his
work. This morning the wound pained
him, and he wont to the hospital. The
brain, pulsating und^er a mass of hair
and crushed bone, was plainly discern
ible to the surgeons. The operation of
cutting Info the skull and removing
all the bi-oken particles was performed
by Dr. R. T. Stratton. who says it is a
remarkable case. If the cold and ex
posure do not cause inflammation Ad
amson has a good chance of recovery,
the surgeon Fays. The injured man is
65 years of age.
PURSE QUICKLY RECOVERED.
OAKLAND. Dec. 23.— Dr. James B.
Baker, superintendent of Postofflce Sta
tion ». at Seventh and Willow streets,
was given added cause for Tuletide
rejoicing this afternoon when a purse
containing a - considerable sum of
money, which he had lost and never, ex
pected to see again, was returned to
him by Moltke Schafer, a clerk in the
money order department of the main
postoffice, who had found the purse ly
ing where It had been dropped by the
owner in front of- the window in
Schafer's department. The quick
witted clerk saw the purse lying- on
the floor and , quickly asked a woman
who had just come to his window to
hand it to him. He turned it into the
office and a few minutes later Dr. Baker
telephoned to the postmaster telling of
his loss. He identified the purse and its
contents and it was at once returned
to him. -
C. S. FEE VISITS OAKLAND.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23— C. S. Fee, pas
senger traffic manager of the Southern
Pacific Company, visited this city to
day on a tour of inspection. He was
accompanied on his visit by Division
Passenger Agent Forsy th, and in . addi
tion to Inspecting * the ; passenger . de
partment made a general : inspection of
the property of the company.
NO MUSIC AT THE GREEK THEATEIt.—
Berkeley. : Dec '\u25a0 23. — The - half \u25a0 hour •. of ; music
at the Greek Theater, will be omittid until
January 14. \u25a0
WATER COMPANY
HELD CULPABLE
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— A decision In
volving damages said to aggregate
$164,000 was rendered to-day in favor
of Nlehaus Bros, of West Berkeley
against the Contra Costa Water Com
pany by Judge John Ellsworth in an
action in which it was shown that at
the time of the breaking out of a fire
in plaintiff's mill there, was no water
in the mains. The damages have not
yet been fixed, as the only point sub
mitted at present "was as to the lia
bility of the company. . Further hear
ing of the case for the purpose of
showing the damage has been set for
January 8.
The case Is one of the most impor
tant decided here In years. Weeks
have been spent in the trial of it. Rep
resenting Niehaus Bros, was W. S.
Goodfellow, while for the water com
pany Samuel Knight of San Francisco
and •M. C. Chapman of this city ap
peared. The suit was based on the
fact that the plaintiffs had been pay
ing, the water company for special
stand. pipes to be used in case of fire
and when a fire did start In the mill
there was no water to fight it with,
and the entire. property was lost.
The fire occurred on the night of
August, lß, 1901. and an Inventory of
!the property , consumed, taken '-Imme
diately after the fire/ together, with the
loss of business, occasioned .the owners
to reach an appraised total of $164,000.
This phase of the case, however, was
left ; by agreement until .the liability
of the company had been passed upon.
The' Judge will now hear evidence as
to the value of the property destroyed.
.What occasioned ;the lack of. water
in. the pipes was not made evident dur
ing the trial of the case, but Judge
jEllsworth,. in \u25a0 rendering . j hla opinion,
stated : that it was. not : necessary for
the plaintiff -to •'. show this, as ; it was
shown- that the water was In the pipes,
a short time before the fire and was
there a short time after it.
BABY DROWNS IN TUB.
• ALAMEDA, -Dec. 23.— Martha Er
menta, twenty months old, the child of
Mrs. Mary Ermenta, was drowned to
night in six inches of water in a wash
tub. The accident occurred at the resi
dence of Mrs. J. A. Gomez, 769 Taylor
avenue. •\u25a0 / .-. .' :".'-- :
.The baby was toddling about the
kitchen floor . and fell : into the tub
which Mrs. Gomez : had left standing
there after, doing some washing. Mrs.
Gomez was. in another room and knew
nothing of what had occurred until she
returned, only to find the baby dead.
Physicians were called, but 'could • not
resuscitate the child.; :The mother was
at '\u25a0 Point "Richmond; and had left her
baby in Mrs. Gomez's . care. The' Cor
oner, took charge.' ... *<-
ASHBURY GIVEN; A YEAR.
OAKLAND, Dec.' 23.— Roy Ashbury,
stepson ; and ; accomplice "of "T)r" ..Will r
lam ! Proctor, who ' was found \u25a0 gtlllty ;"of
robbing . aged Emily .;. Tyson of : Niles,
was "sentenced \u25a0 to-day l to - one _ year." at
San Quentln, " having \u25a0 his pro
bation parole • :; ; r o : '
PAYNE WRITES
TO FILIPINOS
New York's • Eepresentative
Tells of Changed Opinion
as to the Philippines
NOT READY TO GOVERN
Presents ExteiflLed Article
on His Views Concerning
the Political Conditions
BERKELEY, Dec. 23.— 1n the Filipino
Students' Magazine, the official organ of
the Filipinos in America, issued froni the
University of California to-day, is a sig
nificant article on the "Philippine Prob
lem," by Congressman Sereno E. Payne
of New York. Representative Payne was
one of the original anti-imperialists. In
his article in the Filipinos' own; paper
he announces his changed ppinions and
now says that the Filipinos as a people
are unfit for self-government and that at
least 100 years will be necessary before
they will be able to take the reins of gov
ernment into their own hands.
Congressman Payne was a member of
the party of distinguished Congressmen
and Cabinet officers who visited the Phil
ippines last summer. In part he says:
"I suppose it is well known -that 1 did
not favor the acquisition of the Philip
pine Islands. It was only when, after
careful investigation, I was convinced
that there was no other way, that we had
destroyed the only government which the
islands had and that we were leaving
them to anarchy and confusion; that 1
was content that we should assume what
seemed to be a duty imposed upon us and
accapt the 'white man's burden' there.
That it is a burden no one will deny.
That it will be. a burden for years no one
who has visited the islands and made a
thorough examination will question.
"There is some sentiment for an inde
pendent government. This arises among
agitators, whom Commissioner Luzurlaga
calls half-educated persons, and who are
out of a job and want to participate in a
new government. They tell people, as
some of them told us, taking up each tax
by iUelf j that they would abolten jr.
Thenthey tell them, as they told us. that
they would immediately commence to
build a navy and an army to defend
themselves, and, "of course, every ignorant
man who has to pay-a tax is pleased with
the idea of a government which will ex
empt them. They do not stop to think
that they cannot get revenue without
taxation and cannot build a navy and
equip an army without money. E.en one
of the forrmost of their agitators, when 1
asked how he was going to do this,
seemed surprised. The question evidently
had not entered his brain before that.
They are not ready for self-government;
there is hardly a fraction of one per cent
of. them that is ready. The men who
appeared before us to advocate it demon
strated their own unfltness.
"Their reasoning was such as you
would expect from a boy of 12 years.
Aguinaldo is an ordinary man; whose
argument, printed and distributed to
us In favor of an agricultural bank
to be capitalized by the United. States
by a loan of $300,000,000. a problem
which he had been working on for
years, demonstrates the weakness of
his mental powers. The best men
among them, selected as Commission
ers for their judgment and good sense;
the Chief Justice,- an able lawyer and
a native, and the Governors and Presi
dent selected by "the intelligent por
tion of .'the- people, say that they won't
be fit for self-government in twenty
live years.
"Some of the advocates of immediate
independence told Secretary Taft two
years ago that they, had demonstrated
to their own ( satisfaction that they
had the men capable of governing the
islands. Th"tey had made, a list of the
offices in the new Government and had
canvassed the people who could prop
erly fill them, and found they 'had
enough for two shifts of officers.'
"The United States started 'out to
unify the people by teaching them all
the. English language. So far their
success In this direction has been
phenomenal. Yet, it has been confined
mainly to the children. More than
twice as many of the people speak
English than those who speak Spanish.
They learn the language readiJy and
are eager to learn. Another genera
tion will find a vast majority of the
people of all the islands able to com
municate In the English language.
Agitators say that only a few are fit to
govern; the great mass must obey.
Their Idea of a republic is an oligarchy.
Judging from the past, such an
oligarchy would be the worst affliction
that could come to the Filipino people.
"The task of raising them to a posi
tion where they can govern themselves
is most difficult. There are some hope
ful signs that it may come In time, but
the most optimistic could hardly ex
pect it in less than a hundred years. It
was interesting to note the change in
feeling of those of the party who had
been advocating independence. One of
them said on his return that it was
an "iridescent dream." Another said
that he was in favor of sustaining the
Government and jojnlng hands to work
out- the problem, which he- believed
would require) an indefinite length of
time. . Another said he was convinced
that we ought to take the question en
tirely out of politics."
RISKS LIFE TO SAVE-.
WRECKED MARINERS
A'ICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 23.— News
reached Victoria in the Australian mall
to-day of the wreck of the barkentine
Lebella near Warnboolon on the Aus
tralian Coast, Involving; the loss of
several lives and the display of brav
ery, by a fisherman named .William
Ferrier, which caused him to be famed
throughout: Australia as a hero. The
Lebella struck half a mile from shore
on a reef. Her distressed condition
and the men clinging to her rigging
were seen : with glasses froni 'shore.
The local lifeboat went out, but some
of the crew were in hospital and the
volunteers failed to reach the wreck and
efforts to throw a line from shore with
rocket apparatus failed. The wreck was
breaking to pieces and the sailors falling
to death one by one. Then William Fer
rier put out alone in a small dingy scull,
with a single oar. He was nearly swamp
ed, but managed his craft successfully
and rescued one man, who proved to be
the captain. He was landed and Ferrier
made another, trip, \ rescuing another man
so'overcome' by exposure that he was in
capable of helping himself. In the mean
time the lifeboat had managed to rescue
the survivors. Ferrier has been present
ed with medals and purses by admiring
citizens because of ; hia heroism.'
SALESMAN ARRESTED.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Chief of Police
Hodgkins "to-day arrested .G. M. - Little
on s as warrant , from (Gait, charging ob
taining! money "by 5 false ; pretense. It
is; alleged": that Little, obtained $45 by
misrepresenting: sewer .pipe that he
was supposed; to 'be, selling
SING ANTHEMS
OF YULETIDE
Churches Arrange Services
of Much Beauty 'in Ob
servance of Christmas
AUGMENT THE CHOIRS
3lusic Forms the Feature
of "Worship on the Great
Holy Day of Christians
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Christmas ser
vices, marked by splendid music, -will
be held to-morrqjw In the churches.
Some of the programmes follow:
First Congregational.
Orsan prelude. •'Variation on an Ancient
Christmas Carol" (G«ston Marie Dethler);
"Angels From the- Realms of Glory" (Clmrles
Konteyn Manney>, chorus, tenor ami bass so
los: '•There Were Shfi>herdB" Olyles B. Fos
ter), quartet; "Great' Is thf Holy One of I»
ra*i" it-'as«). soprano solo; "Sing:. O rilnir. This
Blessed Morn" (gbeilty); chorus and choir of
boys' voices; organ postlude. finale, "First
Symphony" (Louis Viern?).
At th« evening service the choir will jive Its
i ÜBiial Christmas praise service, presenting
! Saint-SaenV beautiful Christmas cantata.
j '•Noel," for solo voices ami ohorjs. In addl
! tion to the cantata Mrs. Northrup will sing
Hummel's "SinK Triumphant Alleluia," for so
prano solo and chorus, ami Mis* tie Fremery
: tv til play the following orsan numbers: Prel
ude. •"Fantasia." "Sanctissima" (Frederick
Imx): rosrlude. "Fantasia in E flat" iSiint
Sa«ns. Soloists— Mrs. Grace Davis N-jrthrup.
! soprano; Miss Kdlth Htbb«rd, soprano; Mrs.
Carroll Nicholson, contralto; Cl>est»r Ttoe*
krans, tenor; Henry L. Ferry, bass; Mlsa Vir
1 Rinic d<? Fremery. organist; Alexander Stew
art, director.
At th» morning service the choir will be aa-
SUUd by th» boy choir of twenty-five voices
from the Sunday-school of the church.
Klrst I*rc«bytcr!an.
Morning- Chorus, "Christmas Awake" (War
ren). t\ Ith solo* by Mrs. \V. M. .lellett and E.
\u25a0 M. Campbell; barytone solo and chorus. "Tha
Birthuay of a King" iNeldlingerj. Mr. Row
; lands and the choir; chorus, "Ping, O H»av
er.s" tTourw), with soprano solo by Mrs. Jel
lett; chorus, "Awake Thou That Sleep«st"
• Buck), with soprano and alto duet by Airs.
J<llett and Alias Stetson.
Evening— Chorus, "Christmas" (11. R. Shel
ly), with Quartet of ladles' voices by Mrs. H.
Ij. Whitfhead, Miss Chamberlain, Mrs. Row
1 land*. Jli«? Blngham; choru?, "Nazareth"
(Uounod), choir; barytone «010. "Bethlehem's
Star' (Marzoj. Mr. Kowlands; chorus with
responsive reading by the pastur, "The First
Christmas" (Barnby). with \u25a0 mezzo-soprano
solo by Mrs. Newsom*: chorus, "Hallelujah"
( Beethoven ). Miss Mabel Frances Hill, oruan
l«t, will play the following organ numbers:
"Noel " (Dudley Buck), . "Finale" (Caesar
Franck); "i'astorale'' (Alex. Uuilmant), "Grand
Ch'-rus" lOr-oTg" MacMastcr); Clement P. Row
lands, choir master.
First Mcthodint Epi*<*opnl.
Mr>rn ins— Organ prelude, offertory on two
Christmaa hymns (Uuilmant): "Come Near Ait
l'e Nation*" (Watson); "It Came Upon a Mld
nljrht Clear" (Sullivan); i»j»tlud», "Trttiniphal
March (Fvmwens). Evening — Organ prelude,
Processional March iQuilinant); offertory. Pas
toral iWely); The Annunciation; Christmaa
c»ntata, "The Manger Throne" (Manney>;
l-Obtiudp, "Triumphal Chorus" (Gullmant).
<juartet: Mrs. Orrin Kip M<-Murray, soprano:
MIM Mab«-I 11. Ormy, contralto; Herbert A.
Hnrcith, tenor: J. M. Kobinson, baaso; chorus
tboir of forty voices.
Klrst Bnptlst Church.
Morning, II o'clock: Organ prelude, "Vir
gin's I'rayer" <Ma.<-vanet); "Angels From the
Kealm of Glory' iSchnecker). Mrs. Warner,
Mr. Monses a.nd double quartet: "Glory to
God" (Rotoli), contralto solo, Mrs. Warner;
"Star of the Orient" (Shelley), Mrs. Lancas
ter, Mr. Menses and double quartet; "Rejoice"
(Christmas carol), chorus of children; "The;
Christmas Guest," uuartet; organ poatluda
(Handel).
Kvenlrjg. 7:30 o'clock: Organ, "Allegretto
Grazloao" (Tours); "Hosanna in the Highest"
(Stainer), chorus; "O Thou That Tellest"
(Hnndel). Mrs. Warner and chorus: "There
; Were .Shepherds" (Stainer), Mrs. .Lancaster
and Mr. Monges; "Glory to God in the High
est" (I'ersolese). quartet and chorus, with
violin: "It Came Upon the Midnight Clear"
(Bartlett), Mrs. Warner and quaret; "Holy
Night" (old German carol), male chorus;
"O'er the Hills of Bethlehem" (Shelley). Mrs.
Lancaster and semi-chorus, with violin; vio
lin, "ilymn to the Madonna" (Massanet), Mrs.
Mina Clark*; "I»!ke Silver Trumps" i Barn
by). Mr.' l'e-ndleton and chorus, with violin;
"O Come All Ye Faithful" <Novel!o). quartet
and chorus; organ postlude, "Fanfare" il<em
men!«).
Besides the large choir there will be the fol
lowing soloists: Mrs. Margaret G. Best, so
prano: Mrs. Clarence 11. Lancaster, soprano;
Mrs. J. J. Warner, contralto: Norman Pendle
ton and H. B. Monges Jr.. ter.ors: Walter
Burckhalter, barytone; Mrs. W. J. Cook, or
ganist: Miss Mlna Clarke, violinist.
St. Paul's Kpl«co-..il Church.
Morning — Prelude, andante from Sonata in C
(Brahms> : processional, "Hark, tha Her&ld
Argels Sing (Mendelssohn): "Venite" (Turle):
"Gloria Patrl" (Turle); "Te Deum In V
(Fickenschcr): "Jubilate Deo in F" (Flcken
echer); introit, "It Came Upon the Midnight
Clear" (Willis); "Kyrie In A flat" (Mendels
sohn): "Gloria TIW In F" (Fickenschar) ; an
them. "Sing. O Heavens" (T«Airs) ; offertory.
"Under the Silent Stars" (Coombe). Mrs. Arthur
Flckenscher; "Presentation of Alms" (Elvey);
"Sanctus" (J. King); communion hymn, "Ag
nus Del" (Tours): retrocessional, "While Shep
herds Watched Their Flocks by Night" (Tan
sur); poetlude. toccata from "Fifth Symphony"
(Wldor). Edwin Dunbar Crandall, director; A,
Fickenscher, organist. ..
Elaborate observances will be con
ducted in all of the Catholic churches,
special masses being held until 10:30
o'clock, when high mass will be cele
brated. The music will be of a high
order by large choirs.
CHRISTMAS CHEER FOR POOR.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — For the last
week a committee of the members of
Oakland Lodge of Elks has been pre
paring for the annual distribution of
Christmas dinners to poor families of
Alameda County, and complete dinners
have been provided for 450 families.
These will be distributed to-morrow
morning and afternoon. Each basket
will contain a prime roast of beef with
all the necessary vegetables and fruit,
and also nuts and candy. The members
of the committee in charge of the pre
paration and distribution of the Christ
mas dinners are: Clay Hawbaker,
chairman; Oscar Lunlng, Al Hodges, A.
F. Baumgartner, Harrison Clay, O. C.
Hutchinson, F. E. Blanchard, H. S.
Brickell, ,W. C. iloran, A. Lorsbach. J.
\V. Matthews. G. Jamieson, J. C Trethe
way, A. T. McDonald, Joseph Ghirar
delli, L. J. Kennedy, "William Deve
reaux.
Callfnrniuntt in New York.
N.SW.YORK, Dec. 23. — The following
Calif orn'ians are In New York: From
San Francisco — A. B. Coleman. at the
St. Denis; C. M. Davis, at the Cadillac;
S. E. Smith, at the Marlborough; R. G.
Hanford, at the Holland: Miss E. Mad
dox and Mrs. L. K. Maddox, at the
Normandie: Miss Draper, at the Park
Avenue; T. J. Hcrron and H. Howard,
at the Grand Union; J. D. Isaacs, at
the Herald Square; J. -E. Maguire, at
the Savoy: H. McCarthy, at the Grand
Union: W. Nolan and wife, at the Cadil
lac; J. W. Roberts and wife, at the
Astor.
From Los Angeles — J. W. Cousins, at
the Wellington.
Frrnch Colonial Treasury Uurnrd.
BASSE TERRE. Island of Guada
loupe, Dec. 23. —The • Colonial Secre
tary's office and the treasury were de
stroyed by fire last night. It is be
lieved the fire was of incendiary origin.
\ll the archives. belonging to the two
departments and $160,000 in bank notes
were burned, but the bullion in the
treasury is intact.-,
WATCHMAN DISAPPEARS.— OakIand. Dec.
23. — Charles Elton, who lived at Thirty-fourth
and Grove- streets, and who worked as a
watchman .in San Francisco, has disappeared.
He formerly worked for the California Gas
and - Electrical Company. He is €3 years old.
QUEER MISTAKE
OF A JOURNAL
English Paper Says "Outside
of Stanford Memorial Chap
el Has Been Used asCanvas"
DESCRIBES WORK OF ART
How Imported Labor Has
Completed Wonderful Pic
ture on Walls of Church
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 23.—
That the fame of the magnificent Stan
ford Memorial Church has spread unttf. -
distant Iand3 was amusingly demorr^ii
strated by an article in a recent is3ue
of the Christian Age. a religious journal
published in London, England. The fame
of the -wonderful mosaics that panel tha
Interior of the church and a«Jorn its ex
terior had lost its significance by the
time It reached the Christian Age, for
that paper. In speaking of the work off th«
Italian artists, labors under the impres
sion that the exterior of th<9 church has
been made ths substitute for a painter's
canvas.
"There Is possibly no Instance In this
country," says the \u25a0writer, "of th« ex
terior of a church being used as a substi
tute for the painter's canvas, but sucli
an Instance i* to be found in Palo Altn,
California. The Stanford Memorial
Church In this town is unique- in the re
spect that the front of the church has
been used as a canvas for a most beauti
ful and realistic painting of the 'Sermon
on the Mount.*
"The execution of this wonderful paint
ing was naturally a long and exacting
task, and the funds for the erection of th«
church with its unique adornment were
provided by a wealthy American lady,
whose idea it was to keep fresh the recol
lection of the Sermon on the Mount In
this manner."
In reality the decoration on ths uni
versity church Is the finest and most
carefully executed piece of mosaic work
In this country. The men who put in
place the thousands of pieces of stone
that go to make up th« different allegori
cal figures were brought over from
Italy at great expense for that express^
purpose and their work is th» admiration
of the hundreds of tourists who visit
Stanford monthly.
BELGIUM AGAIN AGITATED
BY A ROYAL. SCANDAL
Report that Leopold Will W>d Former
\u25a0r .Barmaid, Proclaiming Her
Son Heir.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 23.— A report about
an alleged project of King Leopold
is causing the greatest agitation at
court and In high political circles her*.
and it is probable that. If tha rumor
prove true. It may cause a revolution.
Leopold's relations with, tha noto
rious 'Queen of the . Congo." whosa
erstwhile residence !a~ the Avenua
Louise is one of the sights of Brussels,
are a matter of notoriety, but this
woman's career has ended as far aa
royal protection Is concerned, and she
now occupies a eorafortabla position as
wife of a Belgian officer. The present
recipient of royal favors Is a hand
some French woman, daughter of re
spectaule parents In the south of
France. She served as a barmaid for
some years in a hotel at Bordeaux be
fore she came to Brussels. About t^vo
years ago Princess Clementine, the
King's only unmarried daughter, met
this woman in the grounds at Laekken
and ordered her off, suspecting she was
there for no good purpose.
"I have just as much right to be
here as you have," was the curt reply.
An altercation ensued, when the Kins
happened to come up. and grasping the
situation, peremptorily directed his
daughter to retire to her apartments.
Since then father and daughter have
never been seen together in public,
and a separate establishment near tho
palace has been fitted up for the Prin
cess.
The latest development of this In
trigue forms the subject of- anxious
speculation. It appears that the King
hired a villa at Vlllefranche, near Nice,
for this woman and has repeatedly
visited her and her reputed husband
there. This woman has Ju3t given
birth to a son, and rumor has it that
the King seriously thought of making
her his wife and proclaiming the child
his son and heir to the crown of Bel
gium.
The most extraordinary part of the
story Is that there Is nothing In the
Belgian constitution to prevent th©
King from following this fancy, and
there is certainly no obstacle In his
own sense of decency.
•The absence of a direct heir has al
ways been a grief to the King since he
lost his eldest son, and he would much
prefer not to see his nephew, Prince
Albert of Flanders, ascend the «hron«*.
The lengths to which family anlmosity
carries him have been shown in hi 3
ruthless treatment of his own children.
Thi3 extraordinary Intrigue is covert
ly referred to In to-day's Issue of the
Socialist Peuple. which speaks of a
royal "offshoot" as likely to come be
tween the heir presumptive and the
throne. The result of such attempt
would be either that the monarchy
would be overthrown and a republic \u25a0
established, or Prince Albert would be
declared King. despite Leopold*
schemes.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— The quar
termaster general of tha army haa di
rected that corrugated steel » h « lte^
be constructed over the searchlight
tracks and carriages at Fort Baker,
Fort M,lley. the Presidio of San Fran
cisco, Fort Casey. Washington; Fort
Columbia. Washington; Fort Flaggler.
Washington : Fort Stevens. Oregon, and
Fort St. Phillips. Alaska,
The War Department has decided to
hold joint army and militia maneuvers
probably during the fall of 1906 oa th«
same scale aa the exercises which took
place under General Corbln at Ma
nasaa In 1904. Everything depend*
upon whether Congress will make the
appropriation. The various depart
ments concerned have submitted esti
mates of the cost of the series of
maneuvers, the total expenditure being
$1 °09 800. divided as follows: Trans
portation $600,000. subsistence $120,000.
pay $321,600. ammunition (blank)
$51,000. rent of grounds $33,200, dam
ages $22,000.
The Comptroller of the Currency to-day
approved the applications of F. G.
Logan. W. L. Ramey, J. H. Anderson
and others to organize the Escondldo
National Bank ot Escondldo. with a
capital of $50,000.
DEFIES MAN SHE LOVES.— Oakland Vt*.l
23.— Mollie Mauerhan. who is accused ot' wrtt^»
ing slay love letters to J. M. Bassford. a
married man. and who was arrested for dU
turbing Bassford's peace, pleaded not guilty
thl» morninx. Her trial was set for Janu
ary S3. Mrs. Alauerhan saya she ts tha vic
tim of persecution, but Buaford decline Uutt
her IOTe tor him wu uaprwolctA