The Gall Prints More News, Than -Any Other Paper Published in San Francisco
TUB WEATHKR.
7\u25a07 \u25a0 Forecast for I>e«ember 25:
San Frand«oo - a«4 ndnity — Cloudy
and threatening Monday; light south
vest wind*.
O. H. WILLSON.
Local \u25a0 Ftoraoaster.
VOLUME XCIX— NO. 25.
MANCHURIAN ARMY IS RETURNING HOME
TO FIGHT FOR EMPEROR NICHOLAS
PARIS, Dec. 25.— The St. Petersburg correspondent of the l Journal, telegraphing under date of December 24rsays
that he has authority of officers returning from Manchuria to declare that a dispatch purporting to haye|emanated
from General Linevitch, reporting pillage and mutiny at Harbin and his incapacity to cope with the revolt
troops in Manchuria, is a pure invention. These officers, the correspondent says, l report that the army is return
ing to Europe in perfect order. ' \ \u25a0 :
SCEM: IX THE AXOII-JXT CAPITAL OF. RUSSIA JDURI.\G THE COXFMCT BKTWEE.V THK PROLETARIAT "AXD- I.OVAI^ TROOPS.
IMBODEN SAID
TO HAVE LARGE
SUM IN HIDING
Bank Wrecker to Wax
Richer While in
Prison-
&X«cUl D!»patch to Th«" Call
DENVER. Dec. 24.— 1f what are believed
to he conservative estimate* of Leonard
Tmbodon's hidden funds arc correct the
convicted Denver Saving* Bank wrecker.
If he goes 10 the- penitentiary, will have
an Income of $12,400 the first year, without
touching hi* principal. Each year after
that he. will have more. This will make
rim the richest prisoner who will ever
have served a sentence in. the Canyon City
penitentiary. «
The following figures show the estimated
fortune in hand: $150.000: -interest on* this
at 8 per cent per ajinum;sU2.'4oo; principal
(compounded) at .the'end- of five years,
5220,742; principal, (compounded) a!^ end of
ten years,* $325,000.''
Imboden's attorneys .are making: a plea
f'f poverty, but tUe" statement that Im
\u25a0?>o«Jen has a fortune hidden is made by
several men fairly familiar with his op
erations.
Bank Will Doable Cap! ml.
CITY OF MEXICO. Dec. 24— The
(State of Mexico Bank will double its
capital. of $1,500,000.
The San Francisco Call.
Loyalists and Mutineers Continue, the Battle
for the Possession, of the City of Moscow.
MOSCOW, Dec. 24. ,5: p/rri.— Artillery, rifle and revolver
firing continued throughout the day, but' the noise of the- battle has
now somewhat abated. The guns have been bombarding one bar
ricade after another, thexannonade being followed by charges by
the dragoons, who set fire to the debris.
The area of the fighting to-day was more extended and-in
cluded Trabnor's square. Sadovia, Karetnai' and many other
streets. The revolutionaries apparently have not in the least lost ••
heart, notwithstanding Saturday's heavy casualties. It isi now
known -that 500 is a moderate estimate* of yesterday' s'; losses and ;
many more persons fell to-day . v> •X\ , ;
The revolutionaries had few. successes." They, surprised a ;
force of gendarmes on Karetnai street to-day, killing or wound-:
-ing twenty of them. Since then artillery has been firing uninter
ruptedly in that section of. the city.
Many lnnocent Persons Jire IQllled. •,-,.,.
In many cases dragoons fired inio. private houses where : ttiey,
suspected" revolutionaries '".had 'taken. refuge.
In nearly every district large of innocent person's '
were accidentally killed or wounded. . -
Late this afternoon- it was reported ? tHat the fighting -was \u25a0
proceedingsin^thejout^kirts^ofkhe*city an(i^tliat r there;\\^e;heaA r y
- losses on both sides. .
During the day bombs ;Were thrown into ther streets.
The troops hokl the i railway stations, • but the*- plundering of > -
• freight cars: still. continues. Three hundred of these cars Have been
entirely' stripped -on ''the Kazan Railway/siding alone: :
Condniied on I'nsf i, Coluninn 1 and 2,
SAN FRANCISCO. . MONDAV-,^ DECEMBER 25/ 1905.
KING LEOPOLD
SECRETLY WEDS
PRETTY WIDOW
Married, a Year Ago
and Son Has- Been
Sueclal j Dispatch to \u25a0 The ; Call.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 24.— According •tb'{the
Revuell de • Brucores,-- the - report \u25a0; that
King-;Leopohl : has" married 'morganatical
ly can lie no lotißcr' doubted: / The paper
says the, ceremony, was performed a year
ago in the ' private 'cliapel'of; the Chateau
at l^aekenin'tbe presence, of Uwolof the
King's aide?- by, the ; court : chaplain .act
ing. with the authority of "the* Archbishop
of Mechlini .'\u25a0,., \u25a0': V-, . '•; •-'-' ,V ; ".'\u25a0'"\u25a0
The bride was a pretty, _wirlow by the
name of -Vaughan, ;nee ; Lecrofx. ' She is
ai daughter -of ..theVrcaretaker.'jVat - the
Louvrealn* in* Nice'. and'j'a.' nleee^'r of -M.
Lamgendolck, ; a 'socialfst memberJof ) the
Chamber i 'of iDepiitleKv/VThe f Klng:;has^
created hera.baroriess and.she- nowillves
at his;' eptato .at' Cape '.Vc rat,' near Nice,"
where she recently., bore ' a fson. '.' *
Vrasel.'ln 'Dlstrrnts.'
ATIIANTICcjGITT. ; N. - J.; : Dec. ; Cai^-A t
2 a. m. the Towtisend. Inlet^ life-saving'
crewi went-' to. the i assistance faniin
known vessel.'. ' * : '
SIX FIREMEN
ARE HURT IN
HOTEL FIRE
Injured by Falling
, 'of Floor of the
Van Nuys,
Guests Are Forced to
Seek Safety Clad Only
in Nightrobes.
Big Los Angeles Garavacsary
Almost, Completely De
. : stroy ed by Flames.
LOS ANGELES.' Dec. 24.— In the biggest
hotel I fire ;in the history of Los Angeles,
the Van Xuys Broadway Hotel, one of the
lirst-class ;hostelrles .of the city, located
at 412-423; South Broadway, in the heart
of the business distnet. %yas almost.com
pletely destroyed to-day.? Six llremen were
badly nnjured- by the collapse of tlwi rf^av
of:*th€j^second^floor;,- : One; hundred "aiiii ten
Jsuesia,rinost-.oL-whom^yi,ere;ntlll. iHibca
at* thej time . the^ fire- broke j but. escaped jj «n
their 'seaiw.';ciothing; to' the \ street."^ Many
of- them /got- out^ in; their \u25a0 night . robesr-and
practically »^ill" suffered . the; loss * of." their
entire 'baggage and -personal effects. .\u25a0'•The
injured: . • '\u25a0-•.': .\u25a0 ; ; .
J. Lawson, fireman Hose Company .'Xo.
!); CM. Stewart, iireman, shocked,
bruisod and cut; J. Lai'nUs.. fireman, lac
erated scalp and bruised. about body; W.
C.Philipps,' fireman.^ bruised, burned and
cut; . Thomas:' Lane, fireman, shocked,
bruised : arid out," still unconscious, may
.lie; Richard Hanley, flrcman, bruised; cut
and •suffering from shock.
. Fire Chief Lips was also severely cut
by broken glass, but had his injuries
liresscd without leavins »he scene ofthe
fire. The lotal financial loss will approxi
mate about $200,0 W. The following are the
individual ; losses sustained: \u25a0
Martz est.ttT~aml August Winstel. own
trs of the hotel biiildinswloss $100,000, in
surance $75,000;. Clark&. Forsythe. lessees
of >the hotel, loss $-35,000, Insurance $i"O,i)pJ:
California ' Avail Paper Co., G. J. Vierra
president, less $05,000, insurance ?S.O0O;-H.
C.'Eagan, proprietor Van Nuys Cafe, loss
WJ.000." insurance S2tfiO. Loss of guests of
the hotel in bag-gagf. 1 . valuables and mon
ey . (estimated). $20,0"t>.
GUESTS: IioSK : EFFECTS.
Very few of the ' guests were able to
•pet out any of their effects. Some of tht
baggage in - the- rooms ; in the f r9nt of the
building was taken, out after the fire had
been extinguished and was found to have
Sustained but little damage. . T. H.f Ben
ton,'" ex-State" Auditor, of, Nebraska; wife
und daughter, occupied > roonrs .on the
lourth floor and baroiy escaped with their
live?, losing all their valuables, baggage
and money. Their loss is estimated at
ssooo. ' . - ;
Mrs. P. Hanisch, of Chicago escaped,
from her room on the fourth floor, but;
lost effects valued at $4000. .Several; other
individuals lost heavily in amounts-rang
ingrfrom $25 to:$2000. k . '
The origin of the fire lias not been defi
nitely ascertained: It " was 'discovered by
Night ; Clerk Harry, Mertz at 6 :55 o'clock.
He immediately. 1 turned in an alarm and
summoned the ' bellboys and porters to
arouse \u25a0 the guests. • The flames appeared
to come from the basement -or engine
room of the hotel;: although the hotel
management claims the fire originated in
the store of the California , Paper : Com
pany on the ground floor of , the buiidinK.
The .hotel employes worked valiantly *in
arousing ' the sleeping .; guests, who ' were
barely awakened In time. .. The flames
spread with great rapidity, and in thirty
minutes, from L the time , the first alarm
was; 'turned in the whole building was
ablaze.. All of the guests were able Uo
escape by way "of the stairways fand. ele
vators, although the halls and 'corridors
were densely filled with smoke. Many of
the guests were .nearly suffocated. .Two
women guests fainted, but were carried j
out>inlßafety.^SßßHPi ... - ,
The elevators were k%nt working and
most of the -guests from i the . four floors
were": taken out by this ; means. Finally
the ' enoines- in "the basement were -shut
down and. the elevators stopped,.:the;re
mainder of the people in 1 the liotel: making
their" way out by J the stairways.. Several
attempted to*, re-enter the building -;and
save- their: effects,, but the: spread ; : of : the
flames ;. was ;; t so. rapid ; that -there was no |
chance. • -* . . . \u0084 . .
; One man attempted to ; climb up ,the
I firemen's ladder ; and : enters his room ito
save his " diamond rings and money, but
the -police, mistaking his purpose, ar
rested' him arid took; him to^the station.":
where he-' finally r established; his identity^
and was" released. .One: guest threw ; his
trousers, containing : $300; to' the street.'
from hi? "room window. ; and v found them
when he Kot down with $80 In them. .
; BTJH>«>« 1-IKE TINDER.
lAltlioViKh a? tire, engine- \va3 on the
\u25a0ground four minutes after the : : first
[alarm:, was turned; in, the building"!
burned* like ;tirider,- : and:_there was <no
tot extinguish the blaze., Three
\u25a0 subsequent:/- ."alarms -and , -a /general
\u25a0alarm ? were turned- In : within fifteen
. minutes :; following X the « first - one, \u25a0 \nd
'practically the "entire; fire department
Continued. on "l'Mge.S, Col. ti.
ALCAZAR— "The Prince and the
Pauper."
ALHAMBRA— "A Fight fqr Love."
CALIFORNIA — "Broadway Gaiety
COLUMBIA — "The American Lord."
CH UTES— Vaudeville.
ORAXD — "Monna Vanna."
OUPrtRUM — Vaudeville.
TIVOLJ — "Orpheoa in Hades." .
MAJESTIC— "If I "Were Kin*."
NEW CENTRAL— "The Eyt Witness."
Matinees at all theaters but the Co
lumbia.
FIFTY PERSONS ARE INJURED
IN A TROLLEY-CAR COLLISION
'Xhree Crowded Vehicles- Meet at
a Grossing in Los Angeles.
Failure of New Brake on Grade
"Is Cause of Accident.
'A' orondfd .electric car, beyond control of the motonnan. dashed dom
r dlcep grade la Los Auselei last night, struck a far standing on the
rnilM and went It crash Ing Into enottacr car which -was eroailac the street.
l>assenecr* nrre hnrled In every direction, fully fifty receiving Injuries of
a nerioua nature. Men, -women and children wrrc taken from the demoltHhed
••ar* and from the atreeta where they had been tlironn with creat force*
and hurried to hospitals aud neighboring; »tore» for treatment. That no
one Mii» killed nrem* miraculous. A defective brake caused the di*a»ter.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 24.— One cf the
worst street car accidents that . has ever
happened in Los Angeles, in which three
cars loaded with passengers were in col
lision, and which resulted in the Injury o*
fifty .'passengers, occurred at the -corner
of Second "and Spring streets, one of the
busiest ;s»o^s in the business section of
the. city, shortly after 6 o'clock to-night.
A West Second-street ear, descending the
steep hi'! from Second arid Olive down
toward Broadway and Spring. streets, got
beyond- the control of "-the motorman,
dashed three blocks down the steep incline
at a tremendous speed and '^Crashed into
the end of another Second-street car.'sboy
jng- the"" latter 'car " into a" Hollywood car
which ."was 'at the moment .crossing ' Sec
orid street ; at right angles <ott«Eprlns. r The^
>IpliywooTCcar^wai7struck--^lm^3t~ln":the'
center, : , the side crushed in like ' a shell,
and wa£ turned completely over. The Sec
ond-streetucar . that^ivas . struck by the
runaway,' was * demolished both ends
aijd \vas thrown", from the \ tracks and
turned half over/ The runaway. car was
also badly smashed.
' Hardly a passenger on the three cars
escaped injury, some of. them being very
seriously hurt. . The motorman and con
ductor of the runaway car and the motor
man of the Hollywood car were injured.
Allot the injured gave city and suburban
addresses and it is not thought . any fof
tr-em were visitors in Los Angeles.
CHILDREN ARE INJURED.
Following is - a' partial list of the in-^
jured:
Mrs. A. C. Tuttle, head cut, rendered
unconscious, probably injured -internally.
Mrs. Anna S. Ells, jnternally injured;
dangerous.
Mrs. F.E.- Harvey, collar bone broken,
striously. injured.
Dorothy Harvey, aged 9, thigh broken.
Fay Harvey, aged *," leg broken.
Marilla Graham, scalp wound and prob
able fracture of skull.
Elon G. Galusha. right leg broken, in
ternally, injured.
11. Crawtord, back and) leg injured.
A. H. Came, badly cut .by glass about
aims and hands.
Miss Edith Davis, head badly cut, in
ternally injured. .
J. W. Bearre, cut by glass, finger cut
off. .
F. A. Ambrose, head cut, bruised.
Frank Lesauze, head cut, bruised.
M-. C. Kaufman, head and hands cut.
P. Bruno, back injured. :
A. Zorn, head cut.'
—Airs. 11. Zorn. leg and chest injured.
Mrs. L. A. Leidlace, head cut badly by
Two. daughters of Mrs. Leldlace, slight
ly Injured.'
Henry Lurte. face cut.
Jessie Bhutte. head cut.
" Hazel Shutte, head and face cut.
W. C, Thompson, face cut by flying
glass.- :_ ' "'."'-'\u25a0\u25a0 '.--* \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \. *
Rev. W. H. Walker, leg Injured.
Mrs ,W. H.Walker, bruised and shocked.
A. G. Duarte. right arm Injured, cut
about-face , ._^, j -
A. S. Graham," shocked and jbruised.
O: J.. Graham, 's yearo'of age, cut and
bruised. . , : ' . ,
• Kitty Graham. 16 year* of age. forehaad
cut. / - s ,
Charles Meyer, cut about scalp. +
Roland -.Thomae,, head cut.
-IT. -Anderson, slightly cut.
W. Meredith, badly injured.
J. \V. Layton, motorman Hollywood
car, cul by glass.
Mr?. Hazencamp. "badly shaken up.*
Mrs! Elder, bruised.
• Mrs. Kent, bruised.
The above list was hurriedly gathered
at the scene : of - the collision and at the
Receiving Hospital, and probably contains
slight inaccuracies.' Besides those taken
to the Receiving Hospital, many; passen
gers who suffered minor injuries went im
mediately to their homes without giving
their names. _
BRAKE DOES 3TOT WORK.
The . motofman of .the West Second
street car, lost control* of the heavy
coach just -as. it ro-unded the corner
from Olive .into Second street" and
started -down.; the; hill. : The 1 cars, on
the ' West Second-street line use ' a pat
ent electric brake^dlff erent from those
used on the Klines running over a level
roadway. This brake, it Is said, failed
to work and tho big, heavily loaded car
slid \u25a0 down: the - hill. \ gaining momentum
every naoment. .". It- dashed across Hill
street and down to Broadway at a'ter
rific speed. /
•Thee passengers 'realized,- an -accident
was, impending,' but. so quickly did the
car dash Jdawn the hill and Into the
'car' standing at and" Spring
that* scarcely, any-of them had time to
leap,; even if they had ; desired to do . so.
Broadway _was ..with .pedes
trians and v but these miracul
ously "escaped. Passengers screamed
In '-fright, vand' persons on the side*
walks shouted, frantically for people^to
get out' of \ the way. - At Broadway and
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Second the incline ends, but so great
was the momentum of the car that It
did not slacken in its wild dash until
it struck the car standing 1 at Second
and Spring-. With" a fearful crash the
- runaway hit the standing car. sending
It whirling Into the Hollywood ; car
crossing the street at right angles. The
crash of the two collisions were al
most simultaneous. Breaking glass,
cries of the injured and a dense cloud
of dust which for a time obscured th»
scene, created almost a panic on the
crowded streets. In a minute thou
saniis of people- gathered around the
wreck. Scores of policemen were oa
the scene within a very brief ftime. an
alarm having brought ; the entire force
on duty at the* Central station, only
two blocks away. The crowd was
driven, back with difficulty and rope*
stretched across the streets on all
.sides... ..-.-_-_: ~t ~- wrmrtiimmKaam
'\u25a0 > WOBK OP RESCIE.
"The work of rescuing the injured be
gan immediately after the dust lifted
from the scene. Those on the Holly
wood car., which was lying on its side,
.with one end against the curbing, were
taken out with difficulty. As fast a3
they were removed the most seriously
hurt were taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, while many, of those suffering:
from slight cuts and brui3es were
treated .at Dean's drugstore, a few
feet distant from the wreck.
Many of those <who were shocked
and shaken from the fearful impact of
the carsleft for their home 3 without
giving their naim>3 or addresses.
These, together with those who gave
their names and who. suffered more
serious injuries, will probably bringr
the total number of casualties to fifty.
It is considered remarkable that many
were not killed.
SANTA CLAUS
SCARES WAIFS
Children Eeai*ed in Squalid
Tenements Go Into Hys
terics at Sight of Him
EpecAl Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Itcv. 21.-Frightened by a
staff physician disguised as Santa Claus.
several children in the charity ward of
St. Luke's Hospital became hysterical
last night and it was some time b"for«
tha attendants and others could quiet
them. RB9B
. . The children, who had lived in squalid
tenements, had never before seen, a
Christmas tree or impersonation of St.
Nicholas, and were seized fear at
what they ' believed to be the "bog;»
man." Before the celebration could pro
ceed Santa Claus was compelled to go to
each youngster's bed and remove his cot
ton batting whiskers in order that, their
fears might be allayed. When reassured
and each of the littlr ones had receive!
several toys, their wonder and joy knew
no bounds.
When the identity and mission of Santa
Claus was explained to . the children, v*
whom poverty had** hitherto denied all
yulctide joys, they laughed through their
tears.
GKEETIXCS "FUOH DRTVEY.
Admiral Srndi 9lefMase to 3lrr» of tb«
>a*-y. -
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— Admiral
Dewey has prepared the following
Christmas message to the officers and
men of the American navy throughout
the world, which, it is c-xpected^ will
reach practically every American war
ship some time on Christmas day:.
'"My Christmas greetings tc> the offi
cers 3nd men of the navy. Let us hava
neither cliques 'nor grudges, but;" all
stand together for the good of tha
country and .the service.
"GEORGE DEWEY."
This message was started on its trip
around the world early this afternoon.
Christmas will be celebrated by tho
American men-of-war in home ami for
eign ports with the.samw enthusiasm that
has always characterized the day aboard
ship and ashore. As many warship** ju*
can be spared from other duties have put
In- at home port 3 that officers' and men
may. celebrate the day in the home land.
In addition to the message of Admiral
Dewey. a' "Merry Christmas" was flashed
late to-night from every wireless station
under the control of the navy from Rear
Admiral Manney, chief. of the Bureau of
Equipment, the greeting traveling far up
and down the cuast and to the.ahipa at
sea.2
RUSSIA'S FATE DEPENDS ON ATTITUDE OF THE ARMY
PEASANTS READYTO RISE?
AGAINST THE ANARCHISTS
Needless Shedding of Blood in Moscow
Injures the Cause of the
Revolutionists.
Continued From I'n^e I, Columua 2 n ml S.
. . WARSAW, Dec. 24. — The railroads are still running, but the
situation is serious. Owin^ to the news from Moscow all of the
Socialist parties have issued proclamations summoning the people
for an armed rebellion.
. An explosion this morning destroyed a flat in which was
stored a quantity of dynamite. The entire house was unroofed,
but there were no casualties.
ODESSA. Dec. 24. — The general political strike was begun
here to-day. The bakers and water works employes, however, are
still at work. The garrison maintains a passive attitude, and
grave fears are entertained that the city, will fall completely into
the hands of the revolutionaries. The inhabitants are panic
stricken.
•IX)XDON\. Dec. 24.— The Daily Tele
grapb'fi St. Petersburg correspondent, de
scribing the fight at Moscow, says:
"The first shots w«-re fired by the revo
lutionaries on the troops outside of Fid
ler's school, which was surrounded. The
revolutionaries were given one hour in
•which to .surrender. Fifty-fjve minutes had
passed, and the commander of the troops
was about to give the order to fire when
a volley came from the house. Several
eoldiers were killed or wounded. The
troop? immediately replied.
"Soon a white handkerchief was waved
from a window*. The troops entered, but
were greeted with rifle fire, and they re
tired and again bombarded the house.
Shortly afterward a white flag was again
waved and the surrender of the revolu
tionaries was complete."
Thp eorres«pondent al«o describes the
lighting in other sections of the city, re-
FuiUng in every case in the defeat of the
revolutionaries.
"The desperate courage of the mob."
the correspondent says, "wag marvelous.
ITnits of threes, tens and hundreds would
sally forth, be driven back and rally
against the enormous odds, eager to ac
complish the impossible. Early in th,e
evening the hospitals wore filled and pri
vate dwellings were crowded with the
\u25a0wounded. . .V
BIVOI'AC FIRES IX STREETS.
"The principal thoroughfare, the Tvers
fcaia, looks like a street in a city captured
*>y a foreign fee. Bivouac fire? burn in
the streets and rifles are stacked on the
pavement.
"During all this needles effusion of
KNIFE IS USED
IN A QUARREL
Two Members of the Garden
City Fire Department Cut
During Row Over a Woman
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 24.— At an early hour
this morning Thomas F. McGraft and
Charles .A. Plummer were stabbed by
Robert Murrah at a Christmas eve dance
at Turn Verein Hall. HcGrath, who is
a fireman connected with chemical en
gine No. I, was stabbed in the lung and
he Is in a precarious condition. Plummer,
who is a hose driver for the Torrent
Engine Company, escaped with a painful
cut in the back. Murrah, who wielded
the knife, was taken into custody by
Deputy Sheriff Stanberg and will-be held
pending the outcome of McGrath's in
juries. The trouble arose over a woman
about whom one of the firemen is Paid to
have made a t-lighting remark. Murrah
took offense and a fight ensued. The con
test was going against Murrah when he
drew the knife and stabbed McGrath.
Will HrlnK Body- of Periona.
CITY OF MEXICO. Dec 24.— The
body of the late American Consul Gen
eral, J. H. Russell Parsons, will be
taken on Thursday, accompanied by
his family, to the United j^ates.
Alfred Lilienfelcl (Q, Go.
201 and 203 Kearny Street
At Northwest Corner Sutter St.
Of DVFRrniAT^ tit^tfpq- \~a
v CRAVENETTE RAINCOATS
Commencing Tuesday Morning, Dec* 26, at 8 O^Cipck
AndConcludingSaturdayNigh^Dec^O^atlOO^C^fc
2500 Overcoats, Cravenettes and Ulsters at
RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICES
Twentieth Centttry Qothi^M. Imoorted Haberdashery. Hi?H Grade^ Tailoring
1 blood, in old Moscow the people were
I shopping, visiting and otherwise carrying
j on the ordinary occupations as if nothing*
1 in particular were going on,
I "Yesterday's doings marked the most
! important manifestation of Russian an
j archy. and will prove, as the anarchists
assert, decisive. So far as any one can 1
judge they will end in the complete de
feat of Uhe anarchists, who will be si
lenced in Russia for several years. There
is still hope that a popular reactionary,
movement may be avoided, but the wrath
of the peasants is waxing strong.
"In the station at Yelna, on the Kieff
and Voronez railway line, entire families
of railway officials and strikers have been
literally cut to pieces by infuriated
peasants, and there is other cumulative
j evidence of a determination on. the part
; of the peasants to oppose the strikers.
The anarchists have not dislodged the
Government, , imprisoned Premier de
"W'itte or deposed the Emperor, but they
have struck a deadly and wanton blow,
at the empire.
HI.\CRY, BANDS ARK PILLAGING.
"Already hungry bands are j pillaging
wherever they can. At the station of
Xicolaieff, on the Kazan railway, they
looted fifteen cars laden with necessaries
of life for the Christmastlde.
"A ukase will be published in a day or
two embodying the new electoral law and
fixing a date for , the election to the
Douma.: •. \u25a0;_ ; ;\ &*£* • \u25a0 :\u25a0 •• '
"The severest criticism is 'directed
against the Government, for^ tire failure
to adopt promptly repressive' measures
against the revolutionists." . - .
ROBBERS STOP
PASADENA CAR
One Holds Revolver Under
Nose of Motorman While
the Other Gathers Booty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 24.— At 7 o'clock
to-night two unmasked men held up a
car bound for Pasadena on the short line,
of the Pacific Electric Railway half-way
between Los Angeles and that city, and
under cover of drawn revolvers went
through the pockets of the twenty-seven
passengers. With the loot stuffed into
their pockets and having previously com
pelled the motorman to slow down the
car, they dropped off beside the track Just
outride the city limits of Pasadena and
made their escape.
None of the passengers were armed and
no one made any resistance. Aside from
a number of watches and small change
the haul of the robbers was not more
than $100.
They boarded the car at the Southern
Pacific crossing just outside of Los An
gelea, one on .the front platform with
the motorman and the other with the
conductor in the rear of, the car. Imme
diately after paying their fare the holdup
ahead clapped a revolver, under the nose
of the motorman and compelled him to
slow down, while at the same time the
other, beginning with the'eonductor,' went
THE; SAN FRXNCISCOVcALL/> MONDAY, '"DECEMBER "25,. 1905.,
GREAT MASS OF TROOPS
YET TO CAST THE DIE
Revolutionists Must rail Unless They
Succeed in Winning the Military.
Government Will Proceed 'to Crush Out
Revolt With Merciless Vigor.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 24/ 8:30.p. m.—
With Moscow's baptism of blood the rev
olutionaries made good their threat to
transform the strike into armed rebellion,
and the next forty-eight hours should
determine whether they can marshal suf
ficient strength ' to plunge the country
into an actual state of civij war and seri
ously threaten the immediate downfall of
the Government. • . ;
The. Government professes confidence
that the whole attempt .will fail owing to
the woeful insufficiency of arms In pos
session of the proletariat and by reason
of the loyalty of the briny. 'as 'a whole,
but its calculations might again be rudely
upset. A 'few might be seized to
furnish arms, or the ; open support of .a
few regiments might ; start a landslide in
the army. Certainly the shrewdest of the
revolutionary leaders fully appreciate
that the issue must be decided by the at
titude of the army, which is yet to cast
the die.
Instructions have gone ' forth that ris
ings must occur everywhere in order to
test the troop's, and if a foothold can be
secured it ls the intention of the revolu
tionaries to set. up a provisionalxgovern
ment and proclaim a republic.
ALLEGED MUTINY OP GIIEXADIERS.
Thus far reports from Moscow do not
clear up the vital point as to whether
any of the troops there actually refused
to obey commands, although there are
persistent rumors that they did. Revolu
tionary leaders here .claim to. have con
firmation of a report that a grenadier
brigade and some Cossacks mutinied and
are. now locked uo in their barracks.
While the military-; .succeeded every
where in driving the insurgents from
their barricades in Moscow on Saturday
night, the defeat evidently was not a de
cisive one, as . barricades were again
thrown' up in dozens of places this morn
ing and fighting was renewed before U
o'clock.
Orders have been issued for an uprising
here, but the Government's measures
seemingly render this impossible. No
meetings, public or private, are allowed,
which makes an assembly of more than
five, persons In a private lodging illegal.
The prisons and jails are filled with leadr
ers of the reTolutionaries and agitators.
Two caches of arms have, been seized and
an entire organization, 'consisting" of .300
"Crujina," as the student militia is called,
has been captured.
CAPITAL UNUSUALLY CALM.
Rumors . were persistently circulated
that a conflict would be precipitated at a
demonstration of workmen in the Nevsky
prospect this afternoon, but they proved
tobe unfounded. The city, in fact, was
unusually calm on - the. surface, and a
stranger dropping down the Nevsky pros 7
pect this afternoon . would have seen no
evidences .of ferment. It was a bright,
crisp winter day arid smart sleigha.andi
equipages -of the aristocracy, with their
occupants cloaked in sables and other
rich furs, were out in force. Only the
sullen faces of the crowds of strikers on
the sidewalks and heavy horse and foot
patrols on every block looked ominous.
If the plans of , the revolutionaries to
produce an uprising in St.\ Petersburg
fail, as it is believed they will, an at
tempt certainly will b"e madV to terrorize
the Government •by guerrilla warfare; in
which bombs will play the chief role. The
Government having embarked in a war
against the "reds," it is difficult to see
how it can draw back one step.
The acceptance by Governor General
Doubassoff of Moscow of the offer of the
notorious reactionary. Prince TcherbatonV
to organize the loyalists as a militia has
created a shudder of horror. .
FUND FOR BELGIAN HEIR
" .\u25a0 v AROUSES ANTI-ROYALISTS
BRUSSELS, Dec. 24.— The Chamber
of Deputies to-day, by a vote .'of
82 to 31, passed the bill making, an an
nual grant of $40,000 to Prince' Albert
of Flanders, the heir apparent to the
Belgian- throne. During '.the* debate
there were - violent anti-royallst
speeches and cries of "Long live the re
public!" •
through the car taking up< a collection
of valuables • and money from the pas
sengers, including men, women and chil
dren. ; . '. ; r.'wOVv .?
Two years ago two holdups stopped a
car on the old Pasadena line, but . were
"captured and are now serving life sen
tences In San Quentln.
ORIENTAL TRADE
SHOWS BIG GAIN
Exports From United States
to China and "Japan Far
Above All Former Years
WASHINGTON, -Dec. 24.— N0 feature
of the export trade of the United States
for 1905 has shown a larger growth than
the trade with China and Japan, says a
bulletin issued by the Bureau of Statis
tics of the Department of Commerce and
Labor. ; In the ten months ending with
October, j exports to China aggregated
more than $50,000,000 in value, against $20,
000,000 in the same months of 1904.. Ex
ports to Japan were $46,500J)00 against a
little . less, than $22,000,000- for the name
period in 1904 and $16,000,000. in .the, corre
sponding months of 1903. No other coun
try of the world to which our * exports
are sent show gains' aproximating these
of China and Japan. . . -
The growth in exports to China from
the United States is especially marked in
copper, \ cotton cloth, flour,- sewing ma
chines, locomotives; "paper,' canned beef,"
manufactures of tobacco and lumber,
though cotton* cloth and copper are by
far the most Important of these items.
To Japan the growth occurred 1 in flour,
carriages and other vehicles, raw cotton,
agricultural machinery, sewing' machines,
locomotives, leather, paper, canned " beef,
tobacco and lumber. ':\u25a0"\u25a0'\u25a0 :i \u25a0 :
Cotton cloth exports to China in -the
ten months ending with October aggre
gated In value $27,405,450, against $9,657,707
in the same months of 1904. Copper ex-,
ports to China are comparatively a new
feature of, our trade with that country;
the amount "in the months ending with
October '/. having . been $11;326, 407, against
$611,677 in the. same months-of last year.
The copper is .used in making new copper,
coins... Flour. ls about the only. important
article of .export to China showing, any.
material reduction this year, while man
ufactured tobacco shows a material. In
crease. .... . .. -, '. -
Cotton exports \to Japan , for the ten
months ending ; with October aggregated
in I value *13,754,399, against, $2,716,529 last
year. American cotton is'popular with" the
Japanese, spinners because \u25a0it has a Tong
staple, but .the cottqh grown Jn India^and
China, which has a; shorter staple, Is con
siderably lower/in' price : and' in the years
of high prices of • cotton" in .the' United"
States Japan; purchased little cotton in
this country," but draws- largely on India
and China.
JOURNALISTS LEAVE %>'
FOR EASTERN HOMES
Railroad Men';- Provide Tray
."• cling Scribes With a
Christmas Tree.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 24.— After three
days of strenuous sightseeing in Los An
geles and vicinity, the thirty-five, Eastern
newspaper, men who were ! brought out
from ' Chicago on , the first ; "Los Angeles
limited" as guests, of the Union, Pacific
and Salt Lake railroads departed for
their homes this afternoon on the new
limited train over the Salt Lake : route.
Because they were unable to stop at Riv
erside on 'the', way 4 out-' to Los [Angeles, a
special train was made up that took them
over/; to Riverside! t two ''hours ahead ; of
the v limited. ' There = th~ey were driven
through orange groves 'and permitted to
pluck- the fruit until the limited picked
them up arid whirled' them, homeward
bound. \ ; \u25a0 v v :•
DAGQETTT, Dec 24.— A Christmas tree
on board a train was the unique Yuletide
celebration indulged in to-night by the
forty . Eastern newspaper, men : who are
guests; of the Los Angeles \u25a0 limited and
who to-day left Los Angeles for.theip re
turn trip ; across the . continent. The
Christmas tree, laden with many gifts,
was unveiled In a Pullman vestibule as
a surprise to the newspaper men from
their railroad. hosts. V
PAKISHIONEES STAET
. RIOT, IN A CHURCH
Objection to New Pastor Re
sults in Disturbance in
St. libiiis.
ST. LOUIS.'Dec." 24.— An exciting meet
ing, of the parishioners: held; in St. Casi
mir's: Polish \ Catholic Church : to-day to
protest i against ; the pastor.: appointed by
the Archbishop culminated in a riot which
required the presence :'of 'a patrol .wagon
load' of police ;to I quell."; Seven/arrests
were made and \u25a0 two 'policemen have .been
detailed to guard the church property.-
I The trouble is of ; several weeks'
ing. Immediately after, the- resignation" of
the regular pastor, the parishioners' took
exception :to 'Archbishop : Glennon's ; ap
pointee and, Staking., possession/: of
church, j locked ' out {thej newj pastor:.
" Contrary to /usual custom,; iand only
through a deslre : to propitiate the;congre
gation, Archbishop I Glennon withdrew .; his
first * appointee' and sent 'another priest -to
the ; parish; :" To. him, ; also;; the • parishion
ers ; objected,-, and I last Friday^ nigh t~. the
pastor and assistant pastor,were' forced to
flee from' the; parsonage by a, mob of sev
eral hundred persons. . • '\u25a0'.\u25a0' \u25a0'•>.\u25a0•-..\u25a0:. \u25a0•-..\u25a0: - .\u25a0;
BERNHARDT TO TLAJ I
HERE>EARLY IN^PRILi
Exact vDate^of. -ffiroAppeais
; ahce Is , Soon to Be An- v
nouiiced;
Special : Dispatch to -The Call .
; NEW. XORKr-pecfil^W. p. : Connor, of
Liebler & j Co:;^ anndunced^to^hlght \ that
Madam. : 'Bernhardt r . would be -seen In Ban
Francisco early^in /April, i ;. ..V:
--.' ."We"- have not ; decided ; on ' : the exact
date," /said she, > .''but ' will \ try to J arrange
for, 1 early.; in rApril.^as > theY Metropolitan
Opera; Company, opens in?: San : Francisco
on April 16." £>'\u25a0 '-- \u25a0\u25a0'-"\u25a0 "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'- \u25a0",. '••'\u25a0'- ... . ;-.-"
,:%The attempt, to; acclimatize 'in. England'
the ' famous ;.blue poppy; of I Thibet has
proved a* failure.' \u25a0 - ' ->• . : ' "v :.. J
CLUBMAN DIES
IN AUTO WRECK
James E. 'Martin of New
York Loses ' His Life iii
Accident on Country Road
STACEY CLAM INJUEEI)
Vehicle /.'in Passing 1 Another
Plows Into ;Loose:E{irth at
Side of Eoad and Overturns
NEW -YORK, Dec. 2 4 James E. Mar
tin, prominent in business and society,
a member of the New York Yacht Glub,
the Metropolitan Club and the. Country
Club, was instantly killed to-day near
Flushing,- L. 1., when his . automobile
plowed into a strip of, loose dirt at the
side of the road and turned completely
over. . Stacey Clark, who; was in, the
car, was ' seriously . injured. Martin's
skull was fractured. •-- .... . .
The accident was witnessed by Mar
tin's wife, son and daughter-in-law,
who were following in another auto
mobile. In the machine in which Mar
tin was riding were* Mr. :. Clark, Mr. and
Mrs. Allen Townserid, :Mr. , and Mrs.
Daniel.' Bacon and Alexander . Faurej
the: chauffeur. \u25a0 In the second machine
were Mrs. Martin, Mr. ; and Mrs. James
E. Martin Jr. and Mrs. .William Manice.
The party had spent Sunday at the
Golf, Club at .Bays'ide," L. 1., and its
members were on their • way home in
the two automobiles when the accident
occurred.
The machine driven by the younger
Martin started first from the Golf Club
and made fast time, as the entire party
wished to be in New York for dinner.
The larger and heayier machine, with
Martin Sr. and party, followed not long
afterward and midway between Bay
side and Flushing overtook the lighter
machlnV The leading machine gave
way to allow the other. to pass and an
attempt was made to' do so.
The road appeared to be in good con
dition, but as it proved it, was onJy a
surface condition. Gas mains are Being
laid between Flushing and Bayside and
the recent rain must: have caused . a
settling of. some of the earth in the
newly ( filled trenches without disturbing
the • surface. when the automobile
wheels struck the soft earth they cut
down into it until the machinery hit
the hard edge of the trench, and that
caused the: machine to- Jump and turn
completely over. AVhen.it fell It landed
\u25a0with; the wheels j uppermost. All of the
occupants, were thrown out. Martin re
ceived a fracture of the skull at the
base of .the brain and was dead when
picked^ up. The others were cut and
bruised.
The chauffeur was arrested and
charged '\u25a0 -with criminal negligence.
Magistrate Connorton later accepted
ba.il in the sum of $1000.
Mr. Martin was \u25a0 a brother of Bradley
Martin and a brother-in-law of W. Gould
Brokaw. •He was a retired banker and
possessed great: wealth. . \u0084. • .'"
I Mrs. Manice. who , was In, the second,
car,' is the,,, well-known, golfer, who, :as
Miss Frazier, won a , number of cham
pionships. Alexander : Faure, the chauf
feur,, recently ,came to this_j country from
France/ He was a chauffeur in the James
Gordon Bennett cup. race two. years ago.
Daniel Bacon is a .well-known banker.
BIG ORGANIZATIONS' r
. OF FARMERS UNITE
Two Concerns of the Middle
West Effect a
Merger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• STERLING, 111., Dec; 24.— F. E. An
drews, attorney for the National Farm
ers' Exchange, announced to-day that the
amalgamation of the National Farmers'
Exchange and . .: the American Farmers'
Union 'is about perfected. . The new organ
ization will ~ be the greatest society of
farmers .in , the . United States.
. j .The I National j Farmers' Exchange oper
ates^on the plan of the trusts. It does an
extensive, business -in Illinois, lowa, Ne
braska,' Kansas, Minnesota and ; the" Da
kotas, owning ; and operating several , hun
dred elevators. The American Farmers r
Union :haB: ha8 an extensive membership In
Texas, . New 5 Mexico, Nevada and Indian
Territory ; and 'Oklahoma. The National
Exchange is capitalized at $100,000,000. A
new name Is to be chosen.
MEXICO >yiLL COMPETE
\ FOR TOURIST TRAVEL
Ne-ir Pn»»enKer , 'Rates Will Make
the ' Country a Rival of
California. .
CITY OF MEXICO, Dec. 24.^ — For the
first time in. the. history of Mexican
railways,!/ Mexico ? has 'been given a
schedule of passenger rates. from points
in Canada and the United States that
are on a par with :. the rates offered to
California and : other Pacific Coast
points..' It is- believed that this change
will bring: much tourist travel to; this
country 'which now. goes to California.
NEW TTJRniNE STEAMSHIP
, MAKES SUCCESSPIIIi TRIP
LIVERPOOL., : 24.— The new
Cunard \u25a0''.' line ; turbine steamship Car
.mania arrived In ; the Mersey from- New
York at : 7, o'clock': this " morning after
a moßt successful voyage. Notwith
standing v the fact that heavy weather
was encountered,: the passengers report
that the : vessel . was steady ; and com
fortable throughout' the ; trip. ' " . .
J:B WORD
" ; It is always sold : in bottles
like this :
The Natural |^ AVOID
Cure for DOTATION'S!
DYSPEPSIA jWL — -
and iililllk Vhlch have
STOMACH &nps&sk nomedicina i
TROIBLES^^^P r °P erties -
"standard-: The genuine
Preventative %^^^o ls never
for" S^S§ sold in
GOUT syphons
/ Drlni In the 'Morning and at '' Meals'] V-
CHINESE HONOR
BARON KOMURA
High Officials and Detach
ment of Troops at Station
"Wlieii He Leaves Peking
NEW EOWER IN CHINA
Yuan Shai Kai Said to Have
G; Become the Mainstay/ of
the Throne of the Empire
\u25a0 PEKING, Dec. 24.— The Japanese com
mission, headed by Baron Komura, which
negotiated the Chino- Japanese treaty
left UMiay on a special train for Tien
tsin ori its way to Japan. At Tientsin
the " Commissioners will be entertained
with great ceremony by the Viceroy,
Yuan Shi Kai. The farewell at the station
was ; a picturesque one. / Many man
darins, dressed in their ceremonial robes
of sables and wearing peacock feathers,
were- present.-and a detachment of- Yuan
Shi- Kai's crack troops acted as a guard
of honor. -'.' ' ut*"!.: . . "
\u25a0The negotiation' of the Chino- Japanese
treaty makes it clear that Yuan Shi Kai
has inherited Li Hung Chang's place as
the ; mainstay of the throne, as he attend
ed all the meetings of the Commissioners
and; led in all , the • discussions, notwlth*
standing, the fact that the Foreign Office
nominally conducted.: them.
The' ceremonial, observed by -.Baron Ko
mura and his retinue 'while in Peking
greatly impressed { the ' Chinese. Baron
Komura -was " accompanied by General
Fukushima' and H. 'VT. Denison, and the
negotiators never moved without a large
and imposing escort.
FE AXCE PEEPAEIXG '
TO DISPATCH FLEET
Officers Ordered to Ships for
Cruise 'to., Unknown
. Destination.
PARIS,. Dec. 24.— -The Minister of
Marine has ordered the commander of
the northern squadron to • have his
cruiser: division in -readiness to start
immediately : on receipt.of orders for an
unknown destination. Officers and men
on Christmas .leava Have been tele
graphed'to return to their ships.;
The diyision' will go. to the Moroccan
coast-during the coming 1 , conferenceon
Moroccan reforms.. .
If Traveling; In Japan,
Or any civilized country, you procure Lax
ative Bromo Quinine from any druggist,' AH
nations use it. E, -W., Grove's signature on' box.*
SIX FIREMEN
ARE HURT IN
HOTEL FIRE
Continued from Page 1, Col. 5.
of the downtown section was at work.
TJie fire was with difficulty 1 confined
to the hotel building-. Another brick
building occupied by commercial
houses was adjoining on the north, and
it was. only with much effort that the
fire was prevented from t spreading In
that direction. A vacant lot was on
the south of the hotel. The Angelus
Hotel, one of the largest hotels in
Southern California, was Immediately
in the rear of the Van Nuysv.on Spring
street, with only an alley separating
the two buildings, ' and had the fire
spread it, too, would undoubtedly have
been burned. The guests of the Ange
lus were aroused by. the fire, but there
was no excitement among them. £
The Van Nuys Broadway Hotel,
which should not be confused with
the Van . Nuys Hotel, was a five-story
brick .building:, built seven years ago
and valued at $150,000. There were
125 rooms in the hotel. 'and nearly all
were occupied. "About fifty of- the
guests in the hotel were women. The
hotel safe, which- was filled with val
uables and money, lies in the basement
of the building, and it Is not known
whether its contents are Intact or not.
On the ground floor of the hotel were
the \u25a0 stores of the . California Paper
Company . and the hardware store of
Cass-Damerel Company, both of which
were completely destroyed. A portion
of the Van Nuys Broadway cafe fur
nishings and some of the hotel office
furniture was taken out. The base
ment of the building, in which was
stored valuable goods of the stores and
other effects, ls filled. with water to a
depth of three feet.
The, Ore was not under control until
10:30, and was not i extinguished until
after ; noon. .It . burned . with much
fierceness and the firemen fought it
with difficulty. Almost the entire In
terior of the .building collapsed shortly
before 10 o'clock, . carrying down
every thing, in the hotel rooms, which
was not already damaged by fire into
the basement filled with water.
Mrs. E. Blxel of Los Angeles suf
fered the loss of personal effects to the
amount of $2000. She had Just arrived
from the East Saturday and gone to
the hotel on account of her house be
ing rented for the winter.
/Mra. E. A. McDonald of this city,
who has just" rented her residence, 202
West Twenty- fourth street, f or . the
winter, lost valuables and clothing to
the amount of $1500. \u25a0
"Mrs. M. G. v Underwood of "Waverly,
N..Y.;. made her- escape from the "third
floor of the hotel with -her aged moth
er, Mrs. Mary Griffith, with great diffi
culty. Hedged In by smoke and be
wildered by the . confusion, they sev
eral^ times lost, their way and were al
most suffocated .before they got : out-
Miss .Underwood lost clothing and Jew
elry.to the amount of $1000. They es
caped, in their; night clothes.
../J.iW.Searles and wife of Cleveland,
O.;:escaped in pajamas and "nighties,"
leaving two trunks of clothing and val
uables to the flames.
F. J. Bleeker of Falrbanks t Alaska,
occupied a room oorn r the 'fourth floor.
When he' got out the halls were full of
smoke and the elevator - had stopped
and s he • had i a close call; from suffoca
tlonMn making his escape by the stair
way. -He -had not : time to dress, so
carried down his clothes and grips In
his arms.
F. J, 'Abbott, of London, "an English
mining j engineer.' Just returned from
Mexico,? had a narrow \u25a0 escape in get
ting! down the stairs. In two minutes
more,"*, he" declares, all ' escape ~ would
have been, cut- off. He" says that "he
was. not awakened by. the' employes of
the .; hotel. ' and the' first" intimation he
had; of -trouble:, was to awake choking
and ', gasping for ' breath. \u0084 He lost all
his clothes and .^s3oo in'currency.
The strike / on • the • Russian railways
stopped ."40,000 geese\ from; making- their
trip, to Germany; that is, the monthly ex
port to the neighboring . emolre.*
btrength
A weak and exhausted con-
dition usually follows over-
work, too close confinement, or
unusual mental strain. Every
day a certain amount of vital-
ity is consumed, and if not re-
. plenished by sleep, rest and
nourishment, soon wrecks the
nervous system. The results
are sleeplessness, headache,
indigestion, imperfect circula-
tion, etc., which affects the
. organs" of the body..
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 j; Restore your nerve strength
—your vitality, with Dr. Miles*
Nervine, and your whole sys-
_tejn will recuperate. :. Your
I sleep will be sound and re-
freshing, headaches, -will dis-
appear, and digestion improve.
. \u25a0 "When .1 began taking. Dr. Miles*
\u25a0 Restorative Nervine I . was physically
tn a .very bad condition. 1 1 was weak
and exhausted, and hardly able to
keep up. I could not eat sufficient to
keep up my strength. - I guttered
creatly from sleeplessness, and cot
very little . rest. _. . The . . . Res toratlv •
Nervine coon brought refreshing
sleep, and I sained rapidly In strength
until I was fully restored. I hay*
since taken It ' whenever I have felt
the need of a nerve tonic, and always
with very satisfactory results.
WM. A. CLARK, Rockford. His.
Dr. Mites' Nervine la told by your
druggist, wht will guarantee. that the
first bottle will benefit. If It falls, he
will refund y«ur money. -
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
Excellent and S
Serviceable mM
JKNIFBVs. m
Th*r« ls no bet- N^ \ |Mj> C
ter knife made than \ wliv t
this. The name, "Da- >^ VTIVI?
ma3CU3." on the blaJ*' \\ / VilMU'i
is a guarantee that it N/\ li}-*
Is of the first gra<i« of V l«qiM||k
excellence. Juat the sort \\B? i !i?' l J
of knife that any man likes.
Wilt stand any amount of wear. g
Every blade will hold edge because Iv
it ls of the right degree of hardness. Vl
Not too small nor too large. Castly J
worth $1.50. My price only..? l.OO >
I do honing and grinding of all
kinds of cutlery. Razors honed 25c.
(Mall orders promptly filled.
I KEEP OPEX TO-DAY — •
CHRISTMAS.
THAT MAX PITTS. 1
i w .. F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1 100S H«r ket St.. San Frn ncUco |
B Interest compousded iiiii awiwuffy B
B Call or write for BoeUat H
M "BaaUnfl by Mjil" si
R Renters' Loan & Trust Co* 1
9 Savings Bank N
ll 233 Montgomery St^ San Frondaco H j
« Assets and Reserve B
m ji.-oo.cco.co m
THE OCULARIUM
GOLD SPECTACLE ORDERS
From $5.00 upward
OPERA GLASSES
From $1.85 upward
KODAKS
From $1.00 upward
HENRY KAHN S CO.
643 MARKET STREET
0 IT I D DU. Noises in Ears t
UHil\ll ll 111 Posttively cur-d by
• ' N«w Anttieotlc Method.
1 ; ONE WEEK FRES.
Dr. Cottingham
DEAFNESS, T^C£C
— \u25a0> Hoar* 10 to *\u25a0
PILES! PILES!
M AC'S IXFAIXIBLE PILE CTRB
CURES ALL. CASES OF BLI>TD.
BLKEDINQ. ITCHLNO AND PROTRUD-
ING PILES; cases of many year 3* stand-
Ink 'cured by a single box; price. 50
cents. A. MCBOYLE&CO.. DRUOGISia
604 Washington St.. San Francisca
Always Remember the Fall JNyne
| axativ© Hs*o mo Qunuce
Carei aCoM in One Day. ttipk 2 Days
fJ&(?ILJ!t /. onevery
CX S<FjGhW&> bat. 2Sc
GQ\ noni ff^i Ammunition. Hustias a n<1 *
Ei6 a n&i^. Sporting GOOO3, Largest
jl a 8f.3 stock. Lowest prjees. Send
lj V& 3 m%& SHREVE ft BARBER CO.,
-731» Market st. and 821
•:T.2 ' \u25a0 ." - ' "/ foamy at
Curs ! all disorders of th« Stomach. • liver. Bow.
els. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Irregularities.
Sick ' Headache. BlUounness. Constipation.
Files. 'J5 eta. Druggists', or bar mail. BAIV
WAT & CO. Nn IddLMAJOR MILLER DENIES
HE STOLE FITZ'S WIFE
Says Story Is False and Threatens to "Let Daylight" "Through
the Form of the Lanky Pugilist Who Accuses Him.
Special r>ispa.toh to The CaJL
FRANKLIN, Ta.. Dee. 24.— Major
Charles Joseph Sibley Miller, who was
reported to have eloped with Mrs. Rob
ert Fltzsimmons, formerly Julia May Gif
\u25a0 ford, arrived here from New York City
this morning, accompanied by tho Mar-
Cuis de Tc-rre Hcrxnoso of Madrid.
"When your correspondent called at Mil
ler Park, the home of Major Miller,
attorney William H. Ford had been
called into consultation. Major Miller,
ttiou*-!) appearing brave, is fearful that
the jealous prizefighter. Bob Fitzsim
mons, will attack him. In the presence
of his attorney and the Marquis, his
companion. Major Miller made the fol
lowing- statement:
"Robert Fitzsimmons must be going
crazy if he accuses me of eloping with
his wife. I have not eloped with her.
I have rto intention of eloping with
her, and never did have any such idea
even for a single moment. I have not
seen Julia May Gifford, the wife of
Kitzsimmons, for some time, certainly
not on my last trip to New Tuork City.
"The first intimation that 1 had of
Mrs. Fitzsimmons leuvii.g her husband
was in the nevrspapt-s this morning.
There is no better proof that I am not
eloping with any one tnan the fact that
1 am here at my tome, where i should
be to sper.d Christmas.
"I have known Mrs. Fitzsimmons for
about eight years. I knew her before
Fitz did. I know her to be all that is
dee and knew ht-.r to be a perfect lady.
The last time that I saw Mrs. Fitzsim
mons was in June of this year, when
She was groing abroad to Paris to study
vocal music. I accompanied her to the
•t<?amship in New York City and saw
her off. She had no one olse to go with
her and I went to the dock, the. same
as I would with any other friend.
Fitzsimmons knew that I accompanied
his wife to the dock. He was mad
«bout it end has never got over it.
He gfts mad every lime he thinks of it.
"Fitzsimmons is insanely jealous and
T.-h«~n word came fro^i her that she was
leaving him for all time ho evidently
jumped at tho. conclusion that I was
poing with herl He and Leon Fried
man, his ma:ia£';r. have it in for me, but
they are foolish.
"The fallen pugilist had better keep
in hie own path, if he comes bother
ing around ire with any of his talk
about me eloping with his wife I \u25a0will
I«t daylight through him. I mean what
I say and will not tolerate his cir
culating Buch scandalous stories
about m«\"
The Marquie ue Hermoso, who had
listened to the conversation of bis
friend about his relations with Mr.".
Fitzr-Jmmons with great sincerity
lidded:
•I have born in the company of Ma
jor M:ll<r during tho time he socnt in
New York oji his hist visit and accom
panied hJm to Franklin. I pm cer
tain we did not meet a Mrs. Fitzsim
mons, or a Miss G'.fford. as you f*all her.
I have not the pleasure of her acquaint
ance."
During the conversation Mrs. Miller,
a beautiful woman, entered the room.
Tli" subject of conversation was im
mediately dropped on her entrance.'
Traces in her face indicated that she
had been weeping. The storieF of her
husband's elopement and the night of
• nxiety. for she had received no word
from bim until bis arrival thfs morn
ing, had caused her much sorrow.
Major Miller resides at Miller Park.
The hou.^e was built for him by Mrs!
Millers father In 1532. The house has
Tor!y-two rooms, no two of which are
the same size and shape. 'In the house
is a beautiful chapel, -where the family
•worship is held. The palinroom is filled
•with trophies of Major Miller's prowess
sf an automobile racer and there are
silver and g-old tankards, flagons and
trophy cups to fill a freight car.
WOULD ARREST WOMA.V.
sl»rfln Julian Want* ritr. to Swear Out
fl "Warrant.
NETV YORK, Dec. 24.— "1 shall advise
Bob to get out a warrant for her arrest
If»Fhe has not left the diamonds and
jewelry behind her. They belong to the
children, that and the real estate. The
at *an ihraiiriscfi.
/
CALL nUILDI.\G CAPITAL < FULLY PAID). *300.0 M
ZOKTH S. KLDKEDUE. ..... .President
WALTER J. BARTAETT / Vice 31. J. HTNES RALPH S. .HBATO2Y
ALI<E.\ GRIFFITHS V Presidents Cashier Assistant Cashier
SAFE DEPOSIT VAULTS ON THE
GROUND FLOOR
From $4 Per Year Up
Solicits the account* of Banks and Banker*, Mercantile Firm*. Corporations
and Individual* In the City and out of Torrn, and t* prepared to furnish all
•ucn depositor* bu tineas facilities In keepln*; with their balance* and financial
Btawdlnffa
WIFE OF PUGILIST AND MAX
AVHO DIiXIES HE ELOPED WITH
HER.
money is doubtless gone."
These were the words of Martin Julian,
a brother of Fitzsimmons' second wife,
and uncle of his children, when he heard
of the disappearance of Julia May Glfford
and the allegation that she had carried
off Fitz's money, jewelry and the deeds
to his property. The property is worth
$18,000. Julian says there was about $14,
000 on d<2->os!t in the bank when Fitz
filmraons married the chorus girl and the
prize fighter was so enamored of his third
wife that he readily consented to trans
fer the bank account to her name when
she begged it of him.
Rose Fitzsimmons. the pugilist's sec
ond wife, left about $6000 In jewelry which
the court ordered should be given to her
children. The bank account stood in her
name at the time and Fitz obtained its
release as a trustee. He was made ad
ministrator of the Estate. He "loaned"
the chorus girl the jewelry and she wore
it when she apj>eared in public.
The throe children of the prize fighter
are now In a convent at Orange, N. J.
Their property in Bensonhurst brings
them a fair Income.
7iO LIGHT OX FUND.*.
Fate of Fitt'i Hank Account >"ot Yet
Knonn.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24. — On account of
Sunday and the holiday of Christmas
it will not be possible to discover the
fate of Fitzsimmons' bank deposit until
Tuesday. Mrs. Fitzsimmons has not
been identified as a passenger by any
out-going liner, and the matter of the
jewels will probably have to await
her husband's return to New York.
FITZ SOUR O>" "WOMANKIND.
Want* to Fljrht MI!l«r. But Will >ot
Take 'Wife Back!
For the first time since his fight
with "Philadelphia" Jack O'Brien Bob
Fitzsimmons managed to produce a
smile yesterday. The cause of this
little side play was a rumor that
reached the ears of the Lanky Cornlsli
man that Major Miller, his wife's friend,
was going to shoot him on sight. This
sounded very funny to the veteran of
half a hundred battles. He can see a
picture of Miller stalking tho streets
armed with a young arsenal In search
of gore. Fit* says he would like to
meet Miller face to face and Is willing
to allow him the privilege of a hundred
revolvers if that would do anything 1 to
ward bringing about the meeting.
"Hit's all over now," said Fitz. "Hi
would never take 'er back again. Hi
loved *er once, but this settles it for
keeps. 11l would only like to see Mil
ler, though. There will be some punch-
Ing and no shooting If the meeting is
arranged."
Fitz announced that he will deal with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1905.
MEN WILL SOAR
ON SILKEN WING
Holland of Submarine Fame
Describes Machine Which
Will 3lake Flying Possible
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— "1 propose
personally to test my flying machine
early next spring and I am confident
that I shall be .able to soar through
the air from my home in Newark to
my office at 5 Nassau street. New York,
with the greatest -of ease. Within
twelve months we will all be able
to fly."
John P. Holland, tho wizard of sub
marine boat construction, . made the
above declaration to-night.
"When I say that we all will be us
ing flying machines within a year's
time," continued Holland with a smile,
"I mean that every one who cares to
do so can-be afforded the opportunity
through the use of aeroplanes and fly
ing madhlnes.
"Dirigible balloons and the combination
of aeroplane and balloon navigated by
Knabenshue over New York will never
become practicable for ordinary aerial
navigation because of the gas bag neces
sary to sustain them in their flight. There
Is too much resistance to the air in the
gas balloons, and they will shortly be
done away with. In their plac# will be
substituted the aeroplanes and flying ma
chines. The aeroplane with gasoline mo
tors will be used for the flight of more
than one person and the transit of mails.
The flying machine will be used for one
man aerial locomotion. .--»
"Observation of the working of na
ture's forces led to my discovery, and it
is surprising to me that some one did not
discover it before. My flying machine
consists of four wings propelled by the
motion of the arms and legs of the oper
ator. A transverse bar of steel tubing
carrying wings of silk with aluminum
framing on each is attached to the back
of the neck and another at the hips.
Each set vibrates in an opposite direction
from the other
"The wings measure twelve feet from
tip to tip and are eighteen inches
wide. While two wings a
rising vibrations the other" two _ are
descending, thus affording" mutual sup
port. In motion one of the forward
wings is arising while the other is
descending, and the situation is vice
versa with the rear or hip wings.
"A speed of forty miles an hour can
easily be secured by an active man. A
man walking at the rate of three miles
an hour o . land will be able to move
at the rate of fifteen miles an hour
with no more exertion."
MORE RIOTS FEARED
IN CITY OF SHANGHAI
Bluejackets and Guards Still
Posted Around Foreign
Concessions.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 25.— The mixed
court was reopened jjaturday. The Ger
man • Assessor and armed foreign
guards were present, but everything
was normal. Air is quiet to-day, but
bluejackets and guards are still posted
around the foreign concessions.
There arc rumors of another riot to
occur to-night, but all precautions have
been taken. . .
Reports of Japanese complicity in the
recent trouble are generally considered
to be without foundation. •
Miller and the woman through the
medium of the law. Acordlng ;to the
lanky one. the diamonds are the prop
erty of his son» and he Intends to get
them back from;the woman, no matter
if it costs' him .all the money he has..
His manager, Ixjuls Friedman, will
leave for New York this . morning to.
take what steps may be necessary.
Fitz seemed in much better spirits
yesterday. He was out and around
and wore a smile .that was almost
happy at, times. Ho still talks of the
Infidelity of the woman and all he did
for her and declareshe Is through with
the fair sex now -for good; ancT all. *.
Robber* Blovr Open Safe.
TOLEDO, 0.. Dec/ 24.— A daring: rob
bery and safe blowing job was com
mitted by seven- bandits at the office
of the Central avenue car, barns of the
Toledo Railway and Lighting Com
pany at 2:4s>o'cloek:this:mornlng. The
robbers, secured about . $700 and missed
$7000 which was in the strong: box of
the' safe, which .they failed to force
open; \u25a0'Two employes who were in the
office were overpowered before the
robbers began work on the safe.
IDLE RICH
FLAYED BY
STAGE STAR
Miss 3labelle Oilman Pro
tests Against Being* Made
a Scapegoat in the
Corey Matrimonial Scandal
HAS NOT SEEN STEEL
KING IN THREE YEARS
Says Respectable Artists
Should Form a League to
Repel Attacks by Unattrac
tive Married Women
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 24.— Mabelte Gilman ar
rived from Italy yesterday and is with her
mother In the Rue Spoirtini. To-morrow
she and her mother will start on an auto
mobile tour" of the Riviera.
"We have not been in America in three
years." said Miss Gilman, to-day, "and
Mr. Corey has not been here. There is no
more likelihood of my marrying Mr.
Corey than of my marrying any other
married man of my acquaintance. When
I saw Mr. Corey and his wife at dinner
with a mutual friend they seemed negli
gent of each other. Many married people,
when they get rich, frequently . neglect
each other. The cause of domestic trou
bles is more frequently found In the fam
ily circle than outside..
•I protest against the custom of mak
ing theatrical scapegoats for the domestic
troubles of millionaires. If wives have dif
ficulties with their husbands, lyric artists
are rarely the cause. Our calling is too
exacting to a.low us to be home-wreck
ers, even if we were so disposed. Neces
sarily, we are always before the public,
and often are good looking, and Jealous
women like Mrs. Schwab lightly point the
finger of scorn at us. If these people
knew hoy hard we work and\how. little
time successrul artists have for frivolity,
they would realize that our thoughts are
occupied with subjects other than their
husbands.
"Respectable artists should form a
league for protection against the absurd
attacks of unattractive married women.
.PITTSBURGEHS LACK CULTURE.
"The millionaire Pittsburgers are too
Parisian. They are nice people, but with
out culture enough to spend money ex
cept on the pleasures of the senses.' Mr.
Carnegie Is to be congratulated as a
domestic peacemaker.
"If women would take proper care of
their husbands, neither they nor their
friends would need to seek excuses In
bright-eyed artists for their husbands'
neglect.
"Married men in San Francisco and
elsewhere frequently invited 'me to din
gier. On my refusal they woutcT then say:
'Come and bring your mother" along.' In
such cases I Invariably replied: 'If my
mother isn't good enough to be invited in
the first place, I cannot accept now.'
"I don't need any one's money. Mr.
Daly started me with a big salary and
my mother is a careful manager. I am
now studying with De Reszke.
"We are going to Nice with a party of
fourteen in two automobiles. France,
America, England and Germany are rep
resented in the party. I am studying
Christian Science, also. It is most con
soling: it teaches people to mind their
own business.
"In Italy I have heard Carnegie's steel
millionaires compared with the ancient
Romans when their empire was in the
city."
COREY LOPS OFF A HEAD.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 24.— Swift punish
ment Is to be meted to all employes who
have criticised the personal affairs of W.
B. Corey of the steel trust. The first
head to drop into his basket is that of
John A. Topping, president of the Ameri
can Sheet and Tin Plate Company, whose
resignation as head of that concern came
yesterday with the suddenness of a thun
derbolt and was accompanied by not a
word of explanation." It is announced
that his place is to be filled Immediately
by Charles W. Bray, first vice president
of the company, and that the appoint
ment has been made directly by the pres
ident of the steel trust.
Topping is one of the heads of the steel
corporation who expressed his disap
proval of Corey's conduct toward his wife
and his relations with Mabelle Gilman.
ONE MORE HEAD
FOR THE BASKET
Irving F. Baxter, the United
States Attorney at Omaha,
Will Be Given Dismissal
OMAHA, Neb.. Dec. 24.— The Omaha
Bee to-morrow will announce that Irving
F. Baxter will be summarily removed
from the office of United States District
Attorney for this district by order of the
President. Baxter refused to.conflrm or
deny the statement. Baxter, . however,
made public to-night ~ a letter which he
sent on December 21 to the Attorney-Gen
eral, in reply to one asking for his resig
nation. In his reply Baxter said:
Having faithfully and honestly performed the
duties of the office, to which I was appointed
in April, 1004, for a four- year term, and being
in no way responsible for the sentence Im
posed in the Richards and Comstock case, out
of which the request for my resignation has
cnn>«, I; decline to resljcn. While I am mind
ful of the President's power to summarily re
move, me, I cannot under the circumstances
recognize the Justice of such act by tendering
my resignation. - . ,^.-^ r '
The removal of District Attorney Bax
ter-is one of the results* of the prosecu
tions started .by. the Government three
years ago, of Nebraska cattlemen for'il
legally fencing the public domain. Bart
lett • Richards and W. E. Comstock. two
of the \u25a0wealthiest" cattlemen In the- State,
were indicted on the , charge of unlaw
fully fencing about 22,000 acres of public
land. "They, recently entered a plea of
guilty and were fined 5300 each by Judge
W. H. Hunger and sentenced to six hours
In the custody of ; tho Untied States Mar
shal. United States ' Marshal Mathews'
deputy seized the prisoners r to^arry ou l
the latter; part of the sentence, , and ' the
time iB Raid to have been' spent at .he
Omaha Club. . "
The President is paid to have been'dis
satisfied with the resul ta of the prosecu
tion, and week before last Marshal Ma
thews was removed -and : last week the
resignation ..." of District Attorney ; Baxter
was asked for,
ODELL PLANS
NEW ATTACK
Th reatens to Make Reyela
.tions in Connection With
Campaign Contributions
DEMOCE ATS "ABE ELATED
Believe the Kcpiiblican Party
in New York State Is to
Be Kent in Twain by Feud
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. - 25. — The Demo
crats are fostering the hope of a split
In the New York State Republican par
ty ranks and are doing all they can to
encourage the warring factions. The
Democratic New York World says this
morning:
"Chairman Odell is preparing 'to
launch another attack upon the Presi
dent and threatens to disclose how a
certain large sum for campaign pur
poses was raised last year at the Presi
dent's personal request, and which will
prove more startling even than the rev
elation of the political contri&utions
made by the New York, Equitable and
Mutual Life companies. This is to be
followed by still other attacks reveal-
Ing inside facts, and those who appear
to be in Odell's confidence assert that,
before he is through with the Presi
dent, the Republican organization "will
be turned upside down. ; .' ,|
"Both sides apparently regard Wads
worth's election to the • SpeaKership as
settled. They admitted yesterday that the
effort to "create reaction against him. upon
the score of his youth and Presidential
interference had failed. Chairman Odell
is expected back in town to-morrow to
resume command of the Merritt forces.
He was at Newburgh to-day and refused
to comment oh the Speakership."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— James W.
Wadsworth Jr., the announced choice of
Governor Hlggins for the Speakership of
the New York Assembly, was in confer
ence with President Uoosevelt at the
White House to-night. The conference
was by appointment and Wadsworth re
mained for a half-hour with the Presi
dent. There was full discussion of tb,e
events which have preceded and followed
the selection of Wadsworth by the Gov
ernor as his choice for party leader in
the lower house.
"The President was anxious to know all
about the situation," said Wadsworth. "I
gave him all the facts in the case, and
so far. as I know there is nothing to add
to whaVhas already been said on the sub
ject. Neither the President, my father
nor I knew I was to be a candidate for
the Speakerahip when I left here about a
week ago for Albany. I reached there on
Sunday, pledged to support Assembly
man Hooker for the position. It was after
I arrived that I learned that Governor
Hlggins desired me to make a contest for
the position. I am in the fight to stay,
and I have every confidence that I will
win. There Is to be no compromise."
Wadsworth said he thought the Presi
dent's attitude was amply set forth in
Representative Cook's statement, issued
last week.
BAUD'S CONDITION"
GREATLY IMPROVED
Former Senator May Be Per
manently Crippled by
His Injury.
L.OS ANGELES, Dec. 24.— Dr. Lobing
er, who was summoned to Hueneme on
Saturday to attend former Senator Thom
as R. Bard, returned late to-night. He
stated that Mr. Bard, although suffering
great pain at times, is resting 'as com
fortably as can be expected under the
circumstances. His condition to-day was
greatly improved, he having rallied com
pletely from the shock and from the ef
fects of the anesthetic to which he was
subjected when the difficult work of re
ducing his fractured hip and overcoming
the dislocation was performed. The sur
geons placed Mr. Bard In a plaster cast,
which will not " be removed until the
broken bone mends, and that may not be
for two months.
Dr. Loberinger stated that Mr. Bard
would be fortunate if he was able to leave
his bed within three months, and stated
that the injury may permanently cripple
him. Tv'f--
PATRIOT'S DAUGHTER DEAD.
Woman Whose Father Fought In
Revolution Phsscs Away.
NORTHAMPTON. Mass.. Dec. 24. —
Mrs. Druisilla Hall Johnson, the
daughter of a soldier of the American
revolution, died at her home In this
city tp-day. She was 100 years of age.
Her father. Aaron -Hall, was taken
prisoner by the British during the
struggle for Independence and carried
to England.
Midway Plaisapce Shuts Down.
'The Midway Plaisance, a showhouse
on Market street, gave it 3 last perform
ance last night and: then closed down
for good. It has been an unpleasant
feature of Market street for - many
years. No reason is given for the clos
ing up of the place.
33 BS B^friwjiisiflol Mf4fißß^^ JT/iG \*tty \* tic mist fincLs
Jr^BßaftM|MHEß^¥ /^^ y? /y^ I 1 I B J u\r F y> M t^
m BrS^^BS|^t»si Hs has * ust submitted t0 tha Eoard of Health his report or. th: parity cf the different
aBW"f brands of beer 'sold in this city. His analyses of CASCADE LAGER and
il&PflVtiJ* n'!s?^^^^ira STEAM BEER., mado by the Union Brewing and Malting Company, shows and proves
fc'/2A - , -^v • * Dpn^'tvnf Total Sol- Alcohol PreserratiTes «
l^ii^irf^fi These Figures Show the Absolute Purity of Tliis Beer
Piiilflj^^ill 1 ' IsliLj The above ls an exact c °py of the re P° rt of the Cit y Chemist's analyses on file at the City Hall.
m^j^^^g UNION BREWING AND MALTING CO.
fflPS^n Eighteenth and Florid* Streets Bottling Dept., 427 Valencia Strttt
BmH|pPW|||fi^^ffl \u25a0 . The public should remember this fact when buying beer and always uk for Cascad?.
COMPELLED
BY FOES TO
TAKE POISON
Wealthy Kansas Cattleman
Leaves a Note to His Father
Declaring He Was Forced
to Swallow. Carbolic Acid
3IYSTERIOUS CRIME
OF UNNAMED MEN
Dying Man's Message Asserts
He Quaffed Fatal Draught
to Prevent the Threatened
Assassination of His Sire
Special Dispatch ta The Call.
KI\GMAX, Kans.. Dec. 24. — "Father,
I am tfjlug; I have been forced to take
potion by the men who hate you, and
who threatened to kill you, too, It I did
not drink the stuff."
With this written message clasped in
his hands Clarence Albright, one of the
leading cattlemen In this section of
Kansas, and over whose body an inquest
is now being held, was found dead at
his country home near here. His
father, also a prominent cattleman,
reached his side as he was breathing
his last.
The case is one of the most mysteri
ous in Southwest Kansas. Monday
night, December IS, was spent by Clar
ence Albright at the home of his
father, five miles away. Early on
Tuesday morning he rode to his own
cattle ranch. An hour after his arrival
he called the telephone operator and
asked the girl to tell his father that ha
was very ill, dying perhaps, and to
utge him to hurry to his side.
The message was transmitted to the
elder Albright, and the father started at
once for the home of his son. The young
er man had lost consciousness before his
father arrived, and five minutes after his
father reached him he was dead. The
written message was signed and evident
ly had been the cattleman's last message
before death.
The stomach of the dead man was
opened and disclosed the fact that death
was due to carbolic acid poisoning.
Since hardy frontiersmen began to fill
up the Kansas plains the Albright family
has prospered, and in the years that have
parsed they have made many enemies.
Petty quarrels have arisen, and there
have been troubles of a grave nature
that threatened to disrupt the entire
community in which they made their
home.
STOLEN DIAMOND
TOOTH RECOVERED
Molar Taken From Fitzsim
mons'Leading Lady After -
Death Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— A diamond studded
tooth, which had been extracted from
the mouth of a woman in a north side
undertaking establishment, was recovered
by » Doliceman and turned over yester
day In the Juvenile Court (o a sister of
the woman from whose mouth it was
taken.
When Ida May Chambers was leading
woman in Bob Fitzsimmons* theatrical
company a few years ago she suffered
frequently with toothache. Fitzsimmons
induced her to have the troublesome
tooth filled and as a mark of his ap
preciation of her talent as an actress he
had the dentist place a valuable diamond
In the filling.
Off the stage the actress was known as
Mrs. Colebaugh. Mrs. Colebaugh was
taken 111 on November 19 while seated at
her dinner table and she died before mid- #
night. The body was taken to the north*
side undertaking establishment and while
it was lying there, according to Policeman
William F. Stein, who subsequently in
vestigated the case, the diamond studded
tooth was extracted. - • '
CHIEF OF PRINTERS DEAD.
Lewis Graham Passes Away at Age of
Eighty-four.
NEW ORLEANS, . Dec. 24. — Lewis
Graham, aged 84, a Mexican and civil
war veteran and ex-president of the
National Typographical Union, died
suddenly to-day. Dr. Thomas Aby,
surgeon" in the Twentieth Infantry at
the battle of Santiago and a civil war
veteran, also died suddenly to-day.
Will Fight for Etsht-tlour Day.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 24. — At a special
meeting to-day of Typographical Union
No. 8 It was unanimously voted to re
new the fight for an eight-hour work
ing day. It was also decided to in
crease assessments from 7 to 10 per
cent In aid of the strike movement.
HUNDREDS LOSE
LIVES IN FIRE
Flames Sweep Over Immense
District in Hankow Known
as the "Chicago of China"
5000 HOUSES ABE BUBNED
It Is Estimated That Nearly
Five Hundred Persons Met
Death in the Conflagration
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 24. — Mail ad- -
-vices from Shanghai tell of it creat flre
at Hankow, known as the Chicago of
China, tn Yrhieta about 5000 houses were
destroyed and a large number of Him
lost. The loss of lives Is variously esti
mated at from 100 to 500.
ATTEMPT UPON
CARDINAL'S LIFE
BARCELONA. Dec. 24.— An attempt
was made to-ntsht by an anarchist to
stab Cardinal Cussanas y Pases* Bishop
of Urs*l. as he was coinlns out of th«?
cathedral. The attempt was frustrated
and the would-be assassin 'was »r-
' rested.
SALOON DEFENDED
BEFORE CLUB WOMEN
Chicago Ladies Attend, to
Hear It Flayed, but Are
Disappointed. /
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— Two hundred club
women swept into the municipal museum
on the top floor of the public library
building this morning, removed their hats,
laid back their wraps and clustered
around the speaker's platform. They
came to hear the saloon flayed, the foam
ing fluid decried, the "bar-keep" branded,
and the plan to establish one cent lunch
counters as a cure for the free lunch
evil praised.
"Mr. Wentworth will speak on tha
'Saloon and its free lunch; what shall
we do with It?" " announced Mrs. Charles,
F. Millspaugh. president of the Cook*
County League of Women's Clubs.
The .title had a promising sound. There
was a round of applause and there were
approving mutterings. but Mr. Went
worth did not flay the saloon. He de
ferrtled the saloon, declared that beer was
as healthful as any beverage which might
be substituted and said the worklngman
and his tin pail were inseparable. And he
said many other things. Speaking of tho
workingman's love .for, his . beer, Mr.
Wentworth declared:
"He does not want coffee— that is harm
ful: milk Is debilitating, and water is
polluted. He must drink; can you provide
anything that will take the place of bis
beer?"
In conclusion Mr. Wentworth urged "th©
club women to work for a better saloon.
Instead of trying to -aine it out of ex
istence. He declared the saloon of the
German type, where families could gather
and listen to good music and eat good
meal 3, would be a splendid thing for Chi
cago.
CALLS FRIEND
OF THE CAUSE
OF TEMPERANCE
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 24. — Mrs. A. B.
Dibble, one of the first women to set
tle in Grass Valley and the first presi
dent of the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union and who, with Miss Wil
llard. founded the organization, died
this afternoon at her home in this city
after a long illness. She was the wldo .v
of Judge A. B. Dibble and mother of
Mrs. W. S. Robinson, Sumner T. Dib
ble and W. R. Dibble. She was ;i high
ly respected resident and her death will
cause great sorrow in this part of the
State.
BANK PRESIDENT
* TAKES HIS LIFE
George 3lcKeh^ey of Youugs
towiu Ohio, Shoots
Himself. i
YOUNGSTOWK, Ohio. Dec 24.—
George M. MeKelvey. one of the most
prominent men of this city, committed
suicide by shooting himself while sit
ting on his bed In his room to-day
while his family was at church, lie-
Kelvey had been jn ill health. He was
interested in larg« business entarpris«>s.
He was president of the Commercial
National Bank.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTIES ABOUT THE BAY
THIEVES SHOW
HEARTLESSNESS
Woman Returns From Hos
pital to . Find Her Home
Looted by the Neighbors
HER PLIGHT IS PITIFUL
Yuletidc Merriment a Mock
ery to Mrs. Kirch, Who
Is Victim of Wretches
BERKELEY, Dec. 24.— Mrs. Mary Kirch
ef li£l Jones street. West Berkeley, ill
and without mowy, returned to her home
from a hospital yesterday, where she had
lain for three weeks, to find that her
neighbor?, indifferent to the sentiment of
the merry yuUtlde season, had broken
into her house and rofibed her of every
thing of vtilue efte had possessed.
Also, Mrs. Kirch's husband, whose
t>lows had injured her so that the triD to
the hospital became a necessity, had dis
appeared. Mrs. Kirch was without hus
band, without food, without bed clothing,
fuel, raoney and ill besides.
Mrs. Kirch wept. On the cold floor of
her cheerless excuse for a home she sank
down, mocked by the memory of
Christmas days in other years. The fact
that the world of . folk outeide rode on a
«= welling tide of Christmas gayety, with
"'peace on earth, good will toward men,"
es the princioal staye t of their merry
making did not lessen the bitterness of
Mrs. Kirch's broodinjrs.
- Instead of receiving Christmas 'gifts,
she had been despoiled of all her be
longings by heartless thieves of the neigh
borhood. Too wretched to sally forth and
seek warmth, food or shelter, she lay
\u25a0 lone In her home, until her moans were
heard by a passer-by, who ascertained
her condition!
Marshal Vollmer was notified last night
w>t Mrs. Kirch's predicament. Officer
Joseph Leonard investigated the case, and
reported the facts. The Associated Char
ities of Oakland were informed and
agreed to provide for the woman. Mar
shal Vollmer directed that blankets be
taken from the police station to the
Kirch home, and the woman be made
comfortable for the night, which was
done.
It appears that the neighbors of Mrs.
Kirch have long believed that she Is a
miser, possessed of large sums of money
and other valuables, which she was sup
posed to have hidden in her home. They
Improved the opportunity created by her
absence to learn whether she was really
a miser, or merely an impecunious per
son. Mrs. Kirch swears that if they found
money In the house they found more than
she ever was able to discover. Falling
In the hunt for hidden gold, the vandals
took what they could, which included
everything in the house from saucepans
to pincushions, and from blankets to
coals.
A erar.g known as the "Buzzards" that
inhabits a house in the neighborhood, Is
believed to have been responsible for the
outrage upon Mrs. Kirch, and Marshal
Vollmer has announced his determination
to break up this gang and to punish the
thieves who looted the lone woman's
house.
MX ESCAPES FROM ASYL.UM.
BERKELEY, Dec. 24. — Louis Lux, a
former real estate dealer of Berkeley,
who imagined he was the Christ and
because of this and other delusions
wag committed to the asylum at Napa,
has escaped from that Institution and
Is believed to be headed for his home
at 1640 Haste street in this city.
Marshal Vollmer has been informed
of Lux's escape, and his men will
watch for the possible return of the
escaped lunatic. Lux was committed
two months ago upon complaint of his
wife, who swore that her husband was
afflicted with religious mania. Lux
believed he was Christ reincarnated,
and the delusion rendered him an un
comfortable and even dangerous per
son to be at large.
ACTOn SE.VDS GREETING.
BERKELEY. Dec. 24. — Richard
Mansfield to-day sent a telegram from
Tuscon, Ariz., addressed to President
"Wheeler, extending "Christmas greet
ings and best wishes" to President
Wheeler and the university faculty.
Mr. Mansfield several weeks ago dis
cussed before the student body and
faculty the subject. "Talking vs. Act
ing." Pleasant memories of the event
remain with the university people and
apparently also with the actor, whose
reputation as an undemonstrative per
fon has made his greeting to-day from
Arizona appear of unusual interest.
SHOOT ON PRESERVES.— OakIand. Dee.
24. — Three Italians came o\-er from San Fran
cisco this afternoon and startled the members
of the select Claremont Country Club by shoot
lns at doves oa their preserves. They were
arrested, although they offered to pay for any
damage done and rave ball. They grave their
names as FVlice Checchl. Felice Ghlro and
*i. Tosiaso.
LECTURES ABOUT AL.AMEDA.— AIameda,
I>e. 24. — At the request of the California
Promotion Committee. Manager John H. Har
top of th« Alameda Advancement Association
wll! continue hi« illustrated talks on this city
at th» California Academy of Sciences In San
Francisco for another week.
I^ADIES DISTRIBUTE DINNERS.—Alame
da. Dec. 24.— Branch No. 3. of the Catholic
Ledles' Aid Sock-ty. under the direction of
Miss Bessie Gallagher, distributed thirty tur
key Sinners to deserving and needy families
to-day.
George Fletcher is believed to be the
oldest subject of King- Edward. He was
born on April 2P. 1768. arid lives In a
cottage in Klley. near Pomeroy, In
County Tyrone. Ireland, and has lived
In it for more than 100 years.
"You can not always Judge a man's
brains by his salary," said Arnold White,
lecturing to workingroen in London re
cently. "Togo gets £648 a year, while Ad
miral Rotjesvensky's salary is £11,000.**
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic.
Endorsed by the medical profession.
One 25c. Bottle. Free
to any one sending this advertise-
ment wKh i o cents to pay postage.
Sold by Leading Druggists. Not
genuine unless label bears my sig-
nature :
Good until /h§L4 — if 1 j
Jan. :s,-06. KJKojJu Jhj^jCUu^
Only on* V«^^g r t — »
sample to
a family. 61 O Prlnc* SU. N. Y.
Write for free booklet on Rational Treat*
tnent of Disease.
SCHOOLBOY ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
WITH RIFLE BY HIS FRIEND.
William Dorffel' Sends Ball Into Head of
Chrystalj Anderson in Oakland.
BOY WHO ACCIDENTALLY 6HOT
AND KILLED A PLAYMATE IN
OAKLAND YESTERDAY.
OAKLAND, Dec 24.— "William Dorffel,
aged 17 years and son of well-to-do par
ent«, is held at the County Jail on a
charge of having shot and killed Chrystal
Anderson, aged 12, this afternoon-
William was fooling with a gun and
says he thought It was not loaded. Sher
iff Frank Barnet, who investigated the
shooting, says he thinks it was an acci
dent.
The youth's father recently bought the
old Middloton r/ome, at Twenty-third ave
nue and East Twenty-fourth street, Just
outside the city limits. He left the son
in charge when the family went away for
the holidays a week ago. This afternoon
Chrystal Anderson was visiting George
Raamussen, son of O. H. Rasmussen. gar
dener of the place, and Mrs. Rasmussen
sent the two boys to the Dorffel house for
some bread.
G«orge Rasmussen took a 22-caliber rifle
with him and when they neared the house
William met them and demanded to see
the Pun. As he held it in his hands he
accidentally pulled the trigger and the
bullet went crashing into Anderson's
skull.
The boy fell and Dorffel says he ran to
the telephone in the house and notified
Dr. Beckwith, who. when he arrived, or
dered Chrystal taken to Fablola Hospital.
Dorffel was arrested and taken to the
City Prison, but later Sheriff Barnet re
moved him to the County Jail, where he
made the following statement:
I was standing in front of the house when
I saw George Rasmussen and Chryital Ander
eon approaching. George had a gun and I
asked him to let me examln* It. When he
gave me th« weapon I didn't know it was
loaded and I accidentally pulled the trigger.
There was a loud report and Anderson cried,
••Ob I'm hurt." and fell to the ground. ( I
wa*'badly frightened, but I carried him to the
office Jn our bouse and immediately summoned
Dr Beckwith by telephone. I didn't know the
gun was loaded or I would not hay« been so
careless.
Sheriff Barntt telegraphed to Dorffel's
father, who Is In Seattle, immediately
after the arrest.
Anderson died at 6:20 o'clock this even
ing at Fablola Hospital, after Dr. Beck
wiih had unsuccessfully probed for the
bullet. The missile entered the head in
the middle of the forehead and struck the
rear of the skull, taking a slightly up
ward course. ' -
Anderson was a schoolboy and lived near
the Middieton homestead, on Twenty
third avenue.
MINER'S HEAD BLOWN
OFF BY DYNAMITE
Another Man Senseless "for
Several Days as Result
of Explosion. <- T - '* V
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec 24.— Floyd Huddle's head
was blown from his body by an accidental
discharge of dynamite which he had been
thawing in a tent on mile 47 of the Alaska'
Central on December 13. By the explosion
A. D- Norlin, who was Just entering the
tent, was knocked senseless and injured
about the head. He has not yet recovered
consciousness, but may live. Huddle was
a member'of a firm having a sub-contract
on the railroad-. .. , , . S'SH?i J
Storma Delay Mners.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— The American
lino steamship New York, from South
ampton, and the Cunard liner steam
ship Caronia, frotn Liverpool, were de
layed on the passage by stormy weather
on December 19 and 20. The Now York
was under reduced speed for eight
hours i ?&**'4§r£l^f
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, iyU5.
HOLIDAYS HAVE
LITTLE EFFECT
Preparations for Christmas
Cause No Lull in Activity
of the Real Estate Market
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Although .every
one has been busy with preparation for
the Christmas holidays during the last
week, there has been no appreciable lull
In the activity of the local real estate
market and Oakland and Alameda Coun
ty dealers have had their hands full to
take care of the business which has been
coming in steadily. The month of De
cember has been far in advance of the
same month last year as far as sales of
real estate are concerned, and there is no
doubt that all past records for local busi
ness will be broken by that of the pres
ent year.
One of the most important deals of the.
last week was the purchase of the Cordes
tract, on Athens avenue, between San
Pablo avenue and Market street, by -H.
B. Belden, a well-known real estate deal
er, from Ohlandt & Buck. The .price paid
for the property was about $40,000, and
the purchaser will at once improve the
property and place it on the market. On
the north side of the tract Mr. Belden
will at once begin theerection.of a num
ber of handsome residences, the total cost
of -which will be in the neighborhood of
$00,000.
Another important transaction was the
sale of the gore block at the Junction of
Broadway and Telegraph avenue by
George Roeth, who recently. acquired the
property at a cost of $40,000. The property
has been purchased by the directors of
the First National Bank and will be used
as a site for a handsome new bank build
ing, the plans for which have already
been drawn by D. H. Burnham & Co. of
Chicago.. The directors of ,. the, bank are
P. E. 'Bowles, Li. G. Burpee, W. H. Chlck
ering, E. A. Heron, V. H. Metcalf, I* C.
Morehouse. Wallace Everson, E. W. Run
yon and W.-H. Taylor. -It Is 'expected
that the cost of the new bank building
will be $125,000. '
JohnH. Spring has just purchased eighty
acres of land in Clarembn't from' Mrs. Ma
tilda Dunn. The property is known as
the Dunn tract and contains some of the
best residence property In that section of
Oakland. It is near the elte of the pro
posed Claremont tourist hotel. The price
paid for the tract was about $100,000.
Equal activity has been shown in real
estate in other sections of Alameda Coun
ty, \u25a0 and there la little doubt that the
present year will be the banner year for
Alameda County. _ : \u25a0' ;J
WATER KILLS A MAN
WHO WAS ON A SPEEE
Takes a Drink .AVliile Sober
ing Up and Drops
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 24.— Albert Sandy, a
railroad man, fell dead on the sidewalk in
Main street, at Colville,. yesterday^ as the
result of heart disease. Sandy had been
drinking heavily for severr' days, and
was sobering up when he called at the bar
of a saloon for a . drink of water. He
drank the water, and. ai he stepped out
Into the street he threw his hand to his
heart and sank down without uttering a
word, expiring in less ' than a minute.
Sandy came, from ['Oregon to .Colville
about a year ago. . ;. .
Death Enter » .at Banquet.'
EL PASO, Tex., Dec. 24.— Mexican
Central passengers arriving to-night re
ported four, dead and one ' dying as ; the*
result of a banquet' at Torreon, : Mex.,,
among the leading: Inhabitants of that
city. It is believed that -w^ood alcohol
wo a drunk in some of the refreshments.
JURIST PLEADS
FOR PURE LIFE
Berkeley Judge Urges Young
Men to Eschew Evil and
Strive for Cleanliness
PAINTS DARK PICTURE
Courtroom Experiences Pro
vide William H. Waste
With Telling Material
BERKELEY, Dec. 24.— 1n eloquent
words and with the fervor of one who de-
Clares himself a disciple of the Nazarene,
Judge William H. Waste of the Superior
Court of Alameda County this afternoon
discoursed to a 'great crowd of men in
the Y. M. C. A. Hall upon "The Value of
a Clean Life." Allying himself unequiv
ocally with those who bow to Jesus Christ
as supreme authority, Judge Waste de
clared that in him is the one perfect ex
pression of a perfectly clean, holy life,
whose example it is men's duty to follow
and whose aid is to be sought in the un
dertaking. '
The- horrors of an unclean life, its
dreadful consequences and the penalties
paid by the unclean were | pictured by
Judge Waste, the material for his word
paintings being taken by him from his
experiences as a lawyer. State legislator
and Superior Court Judge. He said:
I wish that each man I address to-day might
have, for his soul's good, to impress him with
the value of a clean life, a glimpse of the
wretched beings 'who pass through the courts,
through my own court, almost every, day.
Those unfortunates, though they remain silent,
would be a more eloquent appeal and a more
startling warning than any worda of mine
could be. They would warn against unclean
ness — against excesses of every kind. They
would appeal to your Imagination, and could
not but serve to Inspire you with a determina
tion to avoid the sins that brought them there.
Idiots, maniacs. Insane persons of various de
grees of madness, whose misfortunes . are the
result of sinful living, of unclean practice*—
these are the beings who have Utterly 'failed 'to
appreciate the value of a clean^lile. v They,are.
bankrupt in morals, in will power, in physical
and mental soundness. And in the prisons at
San Quontln and Folsom are' thousands of
other men, wretched convicts, . whom we are
not likely to think of at 1 this happy holiday
time, but whose lives are examples of what un
clean men pay for their uncleanhess. . \u25a0 , ! .
Their terrible condition is a natural end of
an unclean life. Three boys have been ' in
our courts during the last few weeks^ — Schnei
der, Pembroke, Crowhurst — whose attack upon
a man they envied for his gold k has ' brought
upon themselves and their families untold'mis
ery. They were not clean, as little boys nor as
young men. The result has been In evidence
In our courts. Be warned by. their end. .
Look for a moment upon another picture, the
picture of such a man as Theodore Koosevelt —
noble, clean, manly, a Christian: gentleman and
President of the United , States. .. • His Inspira
tion is Jesus Christ. • "The' NaSarene la his pat
tern, as he Is of-'evexy Christian.:- Strive to-be
of the clean pfAeirth^the; pure,. tha disciples
of Jesus Christ.'; and* at each step of the way
you shall be -apprised of the value of : a clean
UTe, and when*- your*" translation to another
sphere comes.ycm- shall, know, \ more fully :and,.
perfectly, the V:ine.sslmable, . Immortal value and
glory of a.cleap-life: •• v ' .-\u25a0 -• . ; .
BELIEtIPJIMg(3RQW"i •
i\ (B^aMil^D-BOY'
Parent^#f^MsMngJTaarrx
; Wagenft^isit^Schneider^ ":
' : ,; '*•;'• \u25a0 -
ii OAKLAND, 'V Dec/, 24i-r-Was - the iVJIm
Crow" gang, that, murdered Thomas Cook
at Frultyale; last' July/ responsible' for the
disappearance<-of \u25a0K. -Wagenet in
1902? •-. •i\!i^yssiisis f&fr. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ft : £•-
' The police -are- doubtful/: but the mother
and father of VVVagenet,- who disappeared
August 24, 1902, believe that the boy may
have been murdered, and to-day they
Called upon young Schneider, who has
been sentenced to life imprisonment,
thinking that after beins sentenced for
the murder of Cook the boy might tell
Something of their child. But Schneider
declares absolutely that he has no know
ledge of Wagenet's disappearance.
1 Mrs. Wagenet, who was accompanied
by her husband, said to-day, after inter
viewing Schneider:
' Harry I>. Wagenet is my eon and left home
August 24. 1802. He was tho oldest of six
children and was an exemplary son. He
Worked as a \u25a0 machinist's apprentice at the
Vulcan Iron Works and in. 1901 -ho was In
timidated by the union men when there was a
strike of the Iron workers. He told mo that
he was often threatened and followed to ' our
home at 1228 East Twenty-eecond street. The
<Jay he left us ho was very careful to ask me
about my condition, : for I was In \u25a0 poor health
at that time. He told me then that he had
been followed by two men the night .before,
but he said h« would take a bicycle ride, no
matter what happened. That was tho last
time I saw him. We thought then that he had
been shanghaied, but since w« have learned
Qf the "Jim Crow" gang In Fruitvale and
Binco it was on th« sarno corner whero Cook
was murdered that my boy was last seen, we
feel that he might have met the same fate
and that he and his bicycle were thrown Into
tho estuary to be carried out by the tide. .
John Schneider, one of the "Jim Crow"
gang, who has received a life sentence in
the penitentiary, said: .
. I knew Wagenet only casually, but I am sure
tho "Jim Crow" gang, if you wish to call them
that, had nothing to do with * his J disappear
ance. I have nothing to lose now, since I am
In for life, and hereafter I shall tell only the
truth. Wagenet disappeared suddenly, but I
don't think the "bunch" had anything to do
with it. He was older than wo and paid no
attention to us. My opinion is that 'he
"skipped" on his wheel,. 1
RABBIT MEAT THEIR v
FARE FOR MANY DAYS
Miners Who Make Trip From
Fairbanks to Valdez Have
Hard Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 24.r-Charles Dillman
and five other Tanana. miners have ar
rived from Valdez after a hard trip from
Fairbanks to Valdez, in which they were
snowbound at the summit for three days
and nearly ran out of provisions. The en
tire party remained together on- the trip
over the trail. For a distance of 200 miles
they had practically nothing to eat ex
cept rabbits which they were able to kill
with their revolvers. They had expected
to find the roadhouses open. Instead, for
200 miles they were closed.
PRESIDENT INQUIRES
ABOUT ENGLISHMAN
Seeks Information of Briton
Who Froze to Death in
Far North.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA,' Dec.- 24.— A' : telegram' has been
received at Fairbanks, Alaska, from Gov
ernor Brady saying that President Roose
velt .wants information about I James Klll
ingtoh or. "Tom V.. Moulden., of jEnfleld,
England. ' It ' is believed the telegram ; re
fers to Tom Walden, who was frozen "to
death in , November, 1904. Walden ; came
from Riley Ralston, London. ; : He
owned an interest in a claim at the mouth
of Cleary Creek.' ,; / ....I, .. , . '.. .
VETERAN OFFICER
OF OAKLAND GOES
TO HIS FINAL REST
VETERAN DETECTIVE OF THE
OAKLAND POLICE DEPART
MENT, WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
Detective Albert
Shorey, Retired,
Passes Away.
.OAKLAND,.D ec. 24.— Albert Shorey.a
veteran retired detective of the Oak
land- Police Department,'- died to«day at
his residence, 572 .Seventeenth street,
typhoid pneumonia. \u25a0.
j Shorey was one of the best known
characters in Oakland.- For thirty, years
he; had ;been a" member "of the' Police
Department. He was born In. Winslow,*
Me., February, 7, 1837,* and came to'Cal-.
lfornla with, his wife, who was Miss
Harriet.; Wardwell, thirty-seven years
ago, '•> Before i coming to \u25a0 California they
spent two years in New Orleans. Shorey
engaged in "teaming In " the mines for
•two -years and 4 then * located In Oakland,
where," he ; joined the \u25a0 police force* as
a special in IS7O. ; He served in that
capacity; for a year, and -was made) a
regular officer, "After two years in. that
position he -was appointed; with. Denny
Holland,. a. detctive in. 1875. He served
continuously in that position until he
• was retired 'last July,- with the excep
tion of .two. weeks In 1879,^when he was
removed ,onr; account., of j politics, but
quickly reinstated. >;.._,
Shorey's wide acquaintance and his
knowledge of the methods of the pawn
shops and second-hand stores made him
a valuable officer. It was he who re
covered the jewelry and silver plate
stolen from the home of Major C. C.
Clay at Frultvale two years ago.
Since his retirement last July Shorey
had conducted a private detective agency.
Deceased leaves a wife and one
daughter, Mrs. Eva Shorey Corson, the
well-known soprano.
The funeral will be held Tuesday
af ternon at 2 o'clock from the Flrßt
Congregational Church under the direc
tion of, the Masons, of which the de
ceased was an honored member. The
Rev. C. R. Brown, pastor of the church,
will deliver the eulogy.
WELCOME NATAL
DAY OF SAVIOR
Oakland Church Members
. Celebrate Opening of the
Merry Yuletide Season
3 OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Christmas services
were held this morning and evening In all
the churches of this city, and In, almost
all special music was rendered by. aug
mented choirs. At all the large churches
in the central portion of the city the
morning and evening, services consisted
almost entirely of the rendition of special
Christmas music.
At the Catholic churbes of . Oakland
special, services appropriate to the
Christmas season were neld.
Holy communion was celebrated In. the
Episcopal churches this morning, followed
by sermons at 11 o'clock, and special
music was rendered in the evening.
At the Church of the Advent in East
Oakland the entire service was arranged
by Tours, the great composer of church
music, and it was rendered by a largely
augmented choir, under the direction
of Lowell Redfleld. .
The Rev. Dwleht B. Potter conducted
the services at . the Union " Street Presby
terian Church, preaching this evening on
"The Prophet Isaiah." ...
"Messages of Christ's Birth" was the
subject of a sermon this morning by the
Rev. O. E. Hart, pastor of. the Centennial
Presbyterian Church.-
The Rev. Griffith Griffiths took as the
topic of his Christmas sermon at the
Market Street Congregational Church
"Glad Tidings."
-At. the -First Christian Church the Rev.
Thomas Boyer preached "A Christmas
Sermon" this morning, and took as the
subject of his evening discourse, "in the
Footprints of the Padres."
The members of Oakland Lodge of Elks
distributed their ' annual offering of
i Qhristmas dinners to the poor of Alameda
County -this ; morning, i thirty-five wagons
being employed :in the delivery/ of the
boxes of yuletide cheer, in Oakland, Ala
meda, Berkeley and Frultvale. Each of
the boxes distributed by " the lodge con
tained a prime roast 'of beef, vegetables,
soup, fruit and nuts, and candy. In sup
plying.; the Christmas . dinners j there were
used i eleven] beeves, 1500 loaves '\u25a0 of \u25a0 bread,
1000 cans of .'soup, a , ton of tea and coffee
and other provisions In proportion.
MANY LODGES
ELECT OFFICERS
Eagles, Red Men and Masons
of San Mateo Select Men to
Lead During Ensuing Year
TO SERVE TWELVEMONTH
Laurel Chapter, Orderof the
Eastern Star, Confers Honr
ors on Its Lady Members
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 24.— The Fraternal
Order of Eagles of this city has" elected
the following officers for the ensuing
term: 'B. Sheehan Jr., W. B. P.; Charles
Wescott, W. P.; John Ross, W. V. P.; W.
Knapp, W. C; James Keegan, W. secre
tary; J. G. McCarthy. W. chaplain; C. J.
Hatch, W. T.; J. Silva, W. I. G.; P. J-
McGovern, 0.-G.; Dr. Seibert, W. physi
cian; N Harrison and J. *iinn, trustees.
Dolaniano Tribe No. 120, Independent Or
der of Red Men. has elected the follow
ing:. Sachem, F.^Johnson; senior saga
more, W. McLean; junior sagamore, L.
E. McLellan; prophet. Charles Lorton;
trustees, A. Koussel and T. Seeker.
The newly elected officers of Tonawan
da Tribe are: Sachem, W. O. Booth; se
nior sagamore, Joseph R. Gittlngs; Junior
sagamore, "W. B. Oliver; prophet, Alex
ander Mcll wain; chief of records, Dr. E.
K. rSisson; keeper of wampum. Henry
Thiel; medicine man. Dr. N. D. Morrison;
trustees, H. F. Gittings and A. D. Geft.
The chairs of San Mateo Lodge No. 228,
Free and Accepted Masons, will be filled
by the following: John A. Soule, W. M.;
D. W. Donnelly, S. W.; Wi Johnstone, J.
TV.; F. G. Sanderson, secretary; Ford
Levy, treasurer
Laurel Chapter, Order of the Eastern
Star, has chosen the following officers:
Mrs. F. Levy, W. M.; Mrs. F. G. Sander
son, W. P.; Mrs. J. B. Peckham. A. M.;
Miss M. Edwards. C; Mrs. B. C. Murray.
A. C; Miss E. M. Tilton, secretary; Mrs.
Jury, treasurer. . .
PEOPLE; OF EL CBRBITO PARK
• MAY BOND DISTIIICT FOR $50,000
Election on January O "Will Determine
Vote of Plan to Build Modern
Sewer System.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 24. — The people of
El Cerrito Park have decided to hold
a bond election on January 9 to de
termine whether the district- shall be
bonded for .. $50,000 to establish a mod
ern sewer system. This locality is ex
ceptionally prosperous and a great deal
of substantial improvements have been
made. The proposed bond issue has
practically the support of every resi
dent in the district.
SOCIETY PLANS
FESTIVITIES FOR
CHRISTMAS
ZOE GREEN RADCLIFFE
- OAKLAND. Dec. 24. — Merry Christmas
everybody! The very,' air seema'to tingle and
thrill with the happy message. • It seems to
bubttfe up from the heart Into ' the eyes of
every one you meet and makes the tvhole world
kin. Giving, which is "more blessed than re
ceiving." is the keynote of the season's Joy
ousness and the lack of formality that prevails
at Christmas festivities tends to equalize the
world's happiness and even the rich may en
joy themselves with the abandon of children
or with tha unconventionallty of the poor.
Seldom. If ever, before has the social set
participated in Christmas affairs to such an.
elaborate extent as It Is doing this year. In
nearly every on« of Oakland's- wealthy homes
the Christmas tree will be a center of big fam
ily gatherings or some seasonable function.
At Arbor Villa, the beautiful home of the F.
M. Smiths, it Is always the custom to entertain
at Christmas and for the first time a baby —
the Bernard Miller heir — will »lv« ze«t to the
preparations. 'i_^.vl ; 'l
The W'heatons and the Palmers will be at
the Edson Adams tree, and at the home of the
Harrison Clays will be Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Bast Miller and family and Mr. and Mrs. Ouy
"Waterbury of Sacramento.
The Hushes— Mr. and Mrs. Valentin* Hush.
Miss Florence, Walter and Valentine Jr., Mr.
and Mrs. Tom Magee and Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Magee— will be in the family party that will
make merry to-morrow at the home of the
Will Magees.
Mr. and Mrs. William Lynham Shlela. the
Edward M Walshes, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew
Moaeley and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Miner
Goodall are also amonff those who will enter
tain large family parties to-morrow.
The most brilliant affair of the day will be
the dinner dance at the Claremont Club hous«
that Mrs. A. I* Stone la giving. Over 100
guests will enjoy the elaborate menu and the
subsequent dance. Earlier In the day the an
nual tree and family reunion will take place,
when the Egbert Btones. tht Havemeyers. the
A. ,S. Mac Donalds, the Georga McNears. the
Horry Meeks. Mrs. Tucker and Miss Jennie
Stone will form a merry party.
Other homes where elaborate preparations
for a happy celebration are In progress art
those%fthWD. W. C. Gaskllla. the M. J. Lay
mances the Henry Bulls, the Prentlss Selbys.
the Brace Haydens. the William Pierce John
sons the Robert Lee Stephensons and the H.
B Mehrmanns. The Laymances* tree Is al
ways a very beautiful affair, lighted with doz
ens of tiny electric bulbs of various colors. The
W. A. Bchrocks are also among those who al
ways have a tree.
Miss Adele Scott, the small daughter of the
J Walter Scotts. had a Christmas tree last
nlKht and a unique feature was the presence
of »!x little rirls who have been Miss ArfeU's
guests every Christmas for the last six or
eeven years. They always dine with their lit
tle hostess and then the Jolliest of evenings U
spent about a gorgeous tree. Adele's little
friends are Marion and Margery Laurie of
Alameda. Grace Vesper. Berita Fisher and
Adele and Elizabeth Walker. . ,
The Scotts" fine new white steamer arrived
yesterday, and they christened it In company
with Dr. and Mrs. Mehrmann.
NORTHWEST IXD'IAXS
PREPARE FOR FEAST
Pot-latches of This Year
Promise to Be Record
Breakers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA Dec. 24.— Great preparations
are being made by the Indians of North
ern British Columbia for their annual se
ries of potlatches. Already many -feasts
are in progress In the north, and farther
south'the aborigines are preparing a great
feast to celebrate Christmas. At Smith
Inlet Chief Takush expects to hold a ban
ner celebration. He already has his large
house built and is now collecting his
blankets sugar, fish and silver to make a
great distribution, the value of which will
amount to $4000.
This is expected to be the largest gath
ering of Indians on the coast for years,
as the tribes from Alert Bay to Mtllbank
Sound are all invited, and each tribe will
furnish one Indian band. These bands
will enter Into . a music competition, for
which Chief Takush has offered large
prizes. Potlatches are becoming less fre
quent of late years and it is expected that
within five years the custom will die out.
When a .: man really believes « God he'
does not die of worry over the stock
market.
MIDNIGHT MASS
IN SAUSALITO
Beautiful Christmas Service
in St. Mary's Star of the Sen
Church Across the Bay
LARGE COXGEEGATION
Marin County Pastors of All
Denominations Arrange to
Honor Christ's Natal Day
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, Dec. 24.— Christmas ser
vices were held at midnight In St. Marys f t
Star of the Sea Church. The high mass
was celebrated by Rev. Father Valentin!.
A large number of Catholics and non-
Cathollcs were present. For the last twen
ty years or more midnight mass has been
said in this parish and the attendance
has always been . good. Mercadente's
mass in B flat was sung by the choir, the
soloists being Mrs. Whyatt and Mlsa
Kate Hannon. The choir consisted of
Mrs. Belle McNeill, Mrs. Whyatt. Miss
Florence Wosser. Mrs. J. W. Harrison,
Mrs. J. R. Hanify and Miss Marguerita
Hannon. Miss Mabelle Wosser was the
organist.
After the conclusion of the mass, Rev.
Father Valentinl was presented a purse,
which was collected by Miss Eva Jack
son, as a Christmas remembrance.
Christ Episcopal Church, the pretty lit
tle church overlooking tho bay, will cele
brate the anniversary of the birth of
Christ by special services to-morrow.
Rev. George Maxwell, the rector, with the
assistance of the ladles of the church, has
arranged a splendid musical programme.
Miss Edna Murray, a well-known local
musician, wljl be the organist.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 24.— Masses will bo
said at 7, 9 and 10:30 o'clock Christmas
morning in St. Raphael's Church by Rev.
Father Egan. At the 9 o'clock mass tha
children's choir will sins. The 10:30 masa
will be a solemn high mass, with special
music by the choir under the leadership
of Professor John Drew and Miss Kath
crlne Klnsella as organist. The choir con
sists of Miss Ada Green, Miss May John
son, Miss ixartha Hyams, Mrs. Frank 3.
Holland. Miss May Ryan. Mrs. J. Marti
nez and J. B. Boranda.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Rev. Er
nest Bradley, will hold It 3 Christmas ser
vices at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning.
An excellent musical programme has been
arranged. An augmented choir of twenty
five voices under the leadership of C.
Goldfrap, the organist, will sing "Jubi
late Deo" and Monk's "Te Deum Laudau
mus." There was a Christmas ,eve ser
vice this evening for the children.
The First Presbyterian Church of thia
city, Rev. David James pastor, held its
Christmas services to-day. The music
was by the regular choir — illss Gibson,
Miss Shaven," Mrs. Vanderllp. Miss Fos
ter. Mr. Preston. Dr. Vanderllp and Pro
fessor Buck. The organl3t was Miss
Phoebe MacKenzie.
MILL. VALLEY, Dec. 21— A solemn
high mass will be celebrated at ths
Church of Our Lady of Mt. Carmel at
9 o'clock to-morrow morning by tho Rev.
Father Valentinl. A special musical pro
gramme has been arranged. Glorza's Sec
ond Mass in F will be sung by an aug
mented choir, with Miss Maybelle Kelly
as organist. Miss Anita Parker will sins
the offertory and Mr. Kilmer will sing
the "Aye Maria."
Christmas services will be held at the
Church of Our Saviour to-morrow morn
ing at 11 o'clock. Rev. Dr. Howitt will
deliver the sermon. The Sunday School
children will sing Christmas carols.
"Noel" will be sung by Mrs. T. F. Kelly.
Christmas hymns will be sung by tha
choir. F. F. Bostwick will preside at tho
organ.
The Congregational Church held Its
Christmas services this evening. Rev.
Lr. Yarrow officiated and delivered a very
interesting sermon. Fire beautiful an
thems were sung by the augmented choir
under the leadership of Alfred W. Bush.
Mrs W. T. Price be-in* organist. Miss
Jeanne Hurst sang tha offertory. Tha
soloists were Mrs. J. J. Newbegln. Mrs.
Mason, Mrs. T. F. Kelly. 8. H. Roberts
and Mr. Mason-
Three Killed at Railway Crossing:.
ALMA, Kans., Dec. 24. — Chris Ander
son, his son Morton and his mothsr-ln
law, Mrs. L. J. Woodward of Alta Vista.
Kans, were killed hero to-day while
crossing the railroad tracks, their car
riage being struck and, demolished by
an . engine. Mrs. "Woodward was tha
wife of ex-Probata Judge 'Woodward
of this city.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
. Eminant Doctors Pralss Its lugradlanti
We refer to that boon to weak, nervous,
suffering women known as Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription.
Dr. John Fyfe one of the Editorial Staff
of The Eclectic Medical Bevtbw says
of Unicorn root (Helonicu Vioica) which
Is one of the chief Ingredients of the "Pa-
Torite Prescription" :
"A remedy which Invariably acts as a uter-
ine lnvUrorator • • • makes for normal ac
tlvity of the entire reproductlre system.*
He continues "in Helonlas we have a medica-
ment which more folly answers the above -
purposes than any other drug vctCi vMch I aim
acquainted. In the treatment of diseases pe-
culiar to women it is seldom that » case is
seen which does not present some indication
for this remedial ««enti." Dr. Fyfe further
says : " The following are among the leading
Indications for Helonlas (Unicorn root). Pain
or aching In the back, with lenoorrhcea:
atonic (weak) conditions of the reprodoctiTs
ortrans of women, mental depression and Ir-
ritability, associated with chronic diseases of
the reproductive organs of women, constant
sensation of heat in the region of the kid- t
oeys: menorrhasla (flooding), due to a weak-
ened condition of the reproductive system:
amenorrhcßa (suppressed or absent monthly
periods >. arising from or accompanying an
abnormal condition of the digestive orrens
and anaemic (thin blood) habit: dragging
sensations in the extreme lower part of tha
abdomen." - j ~ •\u25a0 -
If more or less of the above symptoms
are present, no Invalid woman can do
better than take Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription, one of tho leadlngingredl-
ents of whtch is Unicorn root, or Heloniaa, .
and the medical properties of which It
most faithfully represents.
Of Golden Seal root, another prominent
Ingredient of "Favorite Prescription,"
Prof. Finley Elllngwood. M. D., of Ben-
nett Medical College, Chicago, says:
"It Is an Important remedy in disorders of
the womb. In all catarrh al conditions •• • •
and general enfeebiement. it is useful.*
Prof. John M. Scudder, M. D., late of
Cincinnati, says of Golden Seal root :
"In relation to Its general effects on the
system, there ia no medicine in use about which
there i* such general unanimity of opinion.' It
Is unteerKittirregarded as the tonic useful la
all debilitated states." - isTi&^ps-
\u25a0 Prof. Bartholow, M- D.. of Jefferson ,
Medical College, says of Golden Seal : .'
"Valuable in uterine hemorrhage, mencrr^^
rhagia (flooding) and : congestive dysmenor-
rhoea (painful menstruation)."
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription faith-
fully represents all the above earned In-
gredlenta and cures the diaeasja for which,
they axe rocojamecdaiFEDERAL INSPECTORS BELIEVE
LOUIS W. BAKER IS A FUGITIVE
LULU M. BOWEN FRETS IN JAIL VVHILE WICKED COMPANION FLEES
Betrayed Employer
Speaks Kindly
to Defaulter.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— Betrayed and be
trayer is the fate of Miss M. L-ulu Bowen.
*elf -confessed embezzler of thousands of
dollars from the United States Postoffice
Department. For years a trusted clerk,
the young woman succumbed under the.
_$ pressure, hypi.otic, mesmeric, or what you
please, of a man who, according to the
weak and foolish victim's own explana
tions, had persuaded her to be^ false to
her trust, false to herself and false to the
kindly woman that had given her the
means of a livelihood.
Like a chapter from fiction runs the
story of the downfall of this poor 6lip
of a woman. And upon the head of Louis i
WJ Baker she places the burden of guilt.'
oqua! to her own la law. If her story be I
true, and still more culpable is he mor- j
ally. For, says Miss Bowen, Baker knew !
whence came the plethora of coin which ;
he won from this infatuated woman for '
the mere asking.
In the Bowen home a widowed mother
weep? for her daughter, who] wracked
by Qualms of conscience only too late
aroused, sits in a prison cell, comfortless,
distracted and r.igh to collapse. Sisters
end parent suffering torture of mind over
the terrible revelations, which have
turned the yuletide rejoicing into gloom
of blackened hue, are on the one side,
while a wife, prostrate over the dis
closures of her husband's faithlessness,
keeps vigil alone, fearing that worse is to
come.
In the minds of the authorities, Louis
V.'. Baker, head of the Baker Printing
Company, 42C Xinth street, the man Miss
Bowen says got the thousands she stole.
Is a fugitive. They believe he received
warning of the impending crash in time
to escape, temporarily at least, the clutch
of the stern Federal officers. They feel
that the story of a hunting
trip off to the duck sloughs at Petaluma
was only a tale coneopted to deceive wife
and' friends, that the real cause for his
going might not be suspected.
STEALS FOB LOVE.
And in the county jail, sleepless, wan
and undone. Js the woman who. has sacri
ficed good name and all for this runaway.
It. is a tale for the novelist.
In ptill another home Is the benefac
tress, the kindly philanthropic woman
who, for charity and friendship, ha* jeop
ardized many dollars. "Mrs. Matilda
Brown, president of the Kings. Daugh
ters' Homo, leader in church # and social
work, is the responsible person to whom
the United States Government will look
for recompense. Mrs. Brown knew Miss
Bo wen as an earnest, quiet, simple young
woman, who took keen, delight, appar
ently, in' furthering the work upon which
the older woman's heart was most set. In
the field of religious activity both women
found a congenial meeting ground. From
acquaintances there formed it was no
wonder that Mips Bowen could ingratiate
herself and become a sort of protege of
Mrs. Brown.
When Mrs. Brown was appointed at
pub-station Xo. 1 on Broadway, she in
stalled Mtes Bowen there. The $700 a
ypar allowed by the Government to the
Station was divided between Miss Bowen,
who received $420. or $35 a month, and the
r^nt. $22.50 a month. The net return" to
Mrs. Brown was about 85 cents a month:
The station was originally established in
the Interests of tenants in the half block
o^ned by Mrs. Brown. After she sold the
property fome t'me ago, her,. relatives
tried to persuade her to give up the % clerk
ship. But Fhe demurred, saying that if
the did so Miss Bowen would lose her po
\u25a0ltion. So the change was not made,
t'nfortunate Mr?. Brown!
And with all this, when the exposure
(POSTMISTRESS AND GUILTY PAIR
IX SENSATIONAL EMBEZZLE
MENT CASE IN OAKLAND.
came last night, Mrs. Brown's words, as
the disgraced young woman left her to go
to jail, were: "God bless you, and God
forgive you."
But the postoffice authorities do not :
look on the sentimental side of things in
dealing with thefts from the Government.
The history of Miss Bowen's undoing, so
far as the Postoffice Department goes, is
straightaway.- .
FEDERAL- OPFIQERS AWAKE.
Back in Washington, in the auditing
branch of the Postofflce Department, a
discrepancy 'was noted last week In the i
accounts of sub-station No. X in Oakland. ;
The first suspicion was aroused because
too much tirr.o elapsed between the issue
of money orders ayd the filing as paid of i
i the duplicate orders. Investigation dis- i
'closed other peculiar circumstances. As!
soon as suspicion arose the department!
telegraphed direct to the United States j
postoffice inspectors at San Francisco to |
take charge. That is the rule in all such
cases... lnspector R. W. Maddern on Fri
day received instructions to handle ' the
case. I
Saturday morning he went unannounced
to station 1, took the books and began to
check. All day long he worked. While
he checked. Miss Bowen, who must have
known exposure was near, sat at her
desk placidly transacting the office busi
ness without a sign of guilt. In the big
rush of holiday work she kept at her post
while the inspector, not fifty feet away,
was overhauling the suspected records.
When the office closed at 6 o'clock the
inspector directed Miss Bowen to accom*
pany him to the pOEtofflce. There were
Postmaster T. T. Dargie, Assistant Post
master Paul Shafer, Mrs. Matilda Brown
and her son, Assistant District Attorney
Everett Brown.
Not a sign nor a movement did the
young woman make. In the presence
of all of them Inspector Ma'ddern told
the clerk that her books showed a dis
crepancy.
"I know it," was the. calm reply.
\u25a0 "Who's the man?" demanded Mad
dern, for he, worldly wise, had sus
picions.
"There is no man," replied Miss
Bowen.
Then the inspector, and a posto£ice
official were left alone with the woman.
When the name of Louis W. Baker
was pronounced the clerk wilted.
WOMAN LOSES ALL
Slowly but deliberately she made the
confession. She had known . Baker a
long tlmeJ He. had come to. her with
explanations of what he^needed in' his
business. , She should, know, for had
she nol^ kept his books for him for
six years? Indeed she had and the
way was easy. for Baker. Miss. Bowen
said he got' first $20, then $50,'.thenl8he
lifted a mortgage of $1100 on his print-
Ing- plant with money she "stole- from
the poj»tofflce. And many: more dol
lars went, Bhe admitted, to moet his
greedy demands, until the total has
THE SAN" FRANCISGO; CALL; MONDAY, DECEMBER 25/1905;
reached between $6000 ands7ooo. That
Baker received every- dollar of the em
bezzled money and knew where every
dollar of it came from. ls the belief of
the postofflce authorities.
That It was used in his printing busi
ness the officials very much doubt.
They are convinced it went into other
channels, perhaps .the race track. No
one knows except Baker, and he is in
flight. •
Miss Bowen was acquainted with Baker
before she became - his bookkeeper.
For six years she occupied, that posi
tion, but did the work: after her office
hours. Naturally .the association, led to
friendly relations, but this friendship
was established' at ..the expense j of - a
duty Baker owed his wife and; family.
Such at least is theconstruction placed
upon the situation by the postofflce peo
ple. Since yesterday the fact, has be
come patent, that Baker haunted the
sub-station at. 963 Broadway. He was
trsere morning.- noon -and iiight. His
visits had become so frequent thai at
tention was closely .attracted ; to . him
because the fact that- he was married
was known to observers.. -
VICTIM OF THE MAX.
Itjwas this knowledge, coupled with
collateral facts?, which -• led Inspector
Maddern to his suspicio.. that the girl
had been the victim of. a stronger mind,
presumably that of a man. -The au-'i
thoritles suspect that Miss Bowen her
self might have "tipped" Baktr yes-»
terdayiiiat' trouble: was brewing. -/He '
was seen at the station at 11 o'clock'
and was on Broadway at 1- o'clock yes
terday afternoon, clad in : a khaki; suit.
Baker told friends he was going, on a
hunting trip to Petaluma. When the
Baker residence, 997 Tenth' street, was
searched last night by. Inspector Mad
dern Mrs. Baker made the same explana
tion ns to her husband's 'absence, but
she also admitted that this was the first^
minting trip he had taken for* years.'
Baker is a smooth, suave/ easy-going,
not ill-appearing: man of 35 years. Miss
Bowen is 28 years of age, of • slight
physique and characterles; countenance.
She has been reared in- a, quiet, home
like way, surrounded by refinements
and comforts. Her 'home at . 612 . Merrl
mac street she shared with; her mother,
Mrs. Mary L. -Boweni and: two sisters. •
The exposurf^nas been a; blow to them,
but the family has gone to the support
of the stricken young woman.
L. S. Church, of the law firm K' of
Snook & Church has been retained in
her interest. . He held f, an f interview
with Miss. Bowen "this afternoon at the
County Jail.- No' move -will ; be •\u25a0 made
until; Tuesday. ; when the Federal offi
cials' will be prepared make 'J formal'
complaint against, her.- They, are
hopeful that , by 'Tuesday. Baker; -will
also be in \u25a0 custody. No : outsider other,
than ; her attorney was <\u25a0' permitted -\u25a0 to
talk with Miss Bowen. to-day. This
was the order of thelpostoffice authori-:
ties. The entire ''matter jis Uh'; Inspector j
Maddern'sj hands. V; He ;began ; a com-;
;plete checking up of It he; books: of ; sub
station No. i;to-day. ..Four; clerks unrl
der, Maddern's directions went \ through
the , records. ; The^* - found % stamp,
accounts accurate. T All of. the; shortage
was uncovered 1 in ? the i money- order.- de-"
partment.. "That lt\ may ; total > : s7ooo>, is
\u25a0 the \u25a0 repprt ; of ? the ;-. authorities^' to-day.
; Tttat' the. : amount taken : should f: reach
'. such a figure v before is ;. ex
plained byjthe^ fact -.that the; station of
; which;Miss' Bowen 'had" charge vwasi do
ing a money order -business o£' sBooo'
Mrs; Brown Asks
God to Forgive
the Grime ;
to $10,000 a month.
To. cover the defalcation the clerk
was carrying balances from one set of
money orders to a. new lot. She was
playing the old game: of "robbing Pe
ter to pay Paul." Inevitable -detection
was the,*result. How long . she had
been able to conceal her peculation is
not definitely known. To. determine
this will require much back research
of the money order department's
books. It seems now that the period
runs upward of several months, y "As
soon as ths exact shortage is known
demand will be made upon Mrs.
Brown for the full amount. Mrs.
Brown has no recourse from the girl,
who was under bonds. "
to Postmaster T. T. Dargie
he is not liable for. Miss. Bowen's ..acts.
In explanation Dargie said to-day:
"Mrs. Brown was the clerk at sub
station Xo. 1. I did not know Miss
Bowen in this matter. She was named
by Mrs. Brown, who is responsible to
the Government. The Inspectors have
absolute charge of Miss Bowen's case.
It is out of my. hands, and I am not
authorized to say what action, will 'be
taken. Nothing- can be done before
Tuesday."
Just how far prosecution of Miss
Bow«n will go in the event restitution
is made is not settled.
How Miss Bowen came to enjoy the
confidence of Mrs. Brown and gain the
trust imposed jin her was the matter
of friendship of years, and' in this re-"
gard Deputy District Attorney Everett
J. Brown said for his mother this
evening: . _
Miss Bowen " has been in the postof flee for
nearly seven years and I do not believe that
she ever stole so much as a postage stamp. I
do not believe that shs took a cent of the
money she Is short for herself, but gave it. to
Baker, who, I believe, -must have hypnotized
her. When, my -mother succeeded in getting
the substation located, in what was then her
bul'.ding she gave Miss Bowen the position,
although she kept the main management of It.
Mis 3 Bowen was a young woman who wanted
something to do to support herself, and while
my motlu-t took th>; management of the station
she gave the salary, which was $35 a month.
to Miss . Uowen. Years went along and my
mother's friendship for the girl. Increased until
when she sold -the; building; a 'few months ago
she refused. to give vp \u25a0 the • management of the
substation on account of- Missßowen^. for fear
that sre would lose her position. - V
I \u25a0 talked i to \ my i mother ( about \u25a0 the - matter
last summer "and told her that there ' was no
use in • her keeping the position now that she
had sold the building and she told me at that
time that she was only keeping it on account
of Miss Bowen.. as she did not want : her to be
put out... After she eold -the building she was
not even getting; the rent out of It/, which was
i'£l 50 a month. This w«nt to the new owners,
while the salary went to ! the I clerk.' '
.IUFt how to -account for the relations be
tween Miss Bowen and Baker Is a hard matter.
She "says that-^he loaned; him the. money to
put into his business. «b=lieving. that he would
put' lt right back'and'thatls all'that I am
privileged to say. The postal authorities have
requested • me. ti>- say nothing about . the post
oftice^part of this affair and ,1 want to give
them all the assistance In my power. '
' ' So far as i Miss \u25a0 Bowen's habits ' were con
cerned I understand they were -of the best.
Her mother says she was always In early -and
her manner .of. living and style of. dress were
such as would require no more ' than her sal
ary would pay for. •.; l believe she was' the
man's 1 dupe, ' : and through ' some : power \u25a0 he
"gained \u25a0 over her got her -confidence; to the ex
tent that she trusted him : lmpllcity. :He was
around the place a great deal and seemingly
got all. the money he wanted, and at the same
time knew.wh-sre it "was coming from and that
he was uslnc postof flee funds.', . = •• ; : , ,
.The methods used |by I the elrl to \u25a0 cover up
her defalcation is a matter that I cannot talk
about; We supposed that everything was all
right; as -my 'mother had to , sign the checks
each night and see the money deposited at. the
main office. " She has not been : able ; to be out
of town for a' single night In years on account
of : thls'> work,- and in the, supposition that she
was handling the : funds . never; dreamed that
there . was any opportunity <to steal. -\u25a0 The busi
ness 'done =at that: station swas : very - large,
amounting to between $0000 and $7000 a month,'
so. that a shortage up In the" thousands Is not
surprlfilng •> How much the shortage -is no one
knows.'- The \u25a0 girl * herself • says . she does -not
krfow. ...- 1 . ; \u0084 \u25a0;.».
: Mrs. Baker, said at her home : to-night :
"I have heard ; nothing from my; husband
since ; he ; left < home ; yesterday \u25a0; morning, to
go as he, said 'on 'a huntingitrlp. He said
he.was going, south and; I. thought possi
bly J he, went ! to Al varado where he had
been " before." ;,Until -the officers came last
night , I^knew,{ nothing, of this Bowen
trouble. .I . was. aware, my : 'husband knew
Miss Bowen,',;: but ., I ';;. thought \ his .;. ac
quaintance -was ohly.in a business .way. I
cannot ; believe there \u25a0 is : anything wrong."
f \u25a0 Mrs. . : Baker v was "in •: great, distress \u25a0of
mind, : and; during s the* interview wept bit
terly over the disclosure. '
Golden State Limited— The* Warm IVln
jMjgWjJg^^.;.-;.;-te'rlVVar. . . .- ."""\u25a0,,\u25a0\u25a0 :
. ' The route San Francisco to Chicago, via Los
Angeles, ; El " Paso/ Kansag Jcity • and St. Louis,
Is ' the most * southerly.' "The equipment ila • the
latest S and ; the i courtesy of .the 1 attendants i and
the many modern conveniences ! make this train
the most ; favored', for/ transcontinental; travel.';
Illustrated booklets of agent Southern Pacific. ••
For Infenta i and Children.^ :
The Kind You Have Always Bought
BURGLARS VISIT
A POSTOFFICE
Station at Corona Entered
by Thieves AVlio Blow Off
Outer Door of the Safe
REWAED IS SMALL ONE
Several Stamp Books and a
Few Dollars in Coin AH
the Loot Bobbers' Secure
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORONA, Dec. . ,24.— Between the
hours of 3 and: 4 o'clock this morning:
burglars succeded in forcing an enT
trance to the postoffice and blew oft the
outer door of the safe with, dynamite.
The strongbox was , ruined . and every
thing in the vicinity, including ;the of
fice telephone, was wrecked, j A second
charge which had been placed against
theinner door of the safe failed to ex
plode because the fuse went out. The
burglars secured very little^ plunder.
A number of small stamp books and a
few dollars ln v money which they took
from, the cash drawer "comprises the
loot. \u25a0 .
-The tools used by the thieves were
taken from English & Granson's black
smith shop on Sixth street, which they
entered by forcing- a side door. ""• The
tools, which ; consisted of a brace and
bit, several drills, and a punch, were
left in- the postofflce -.near a . gunny sack,
in •which, no .doubt, . they had been
wrapped. The postofflce clock^stopped
at 3:30 this morningr,«" which was the
time the explosion was heard by a
number of people. .; Some- excellent
clews have been obtained and there is
a reasonable hope that the rascals will
be caught.
Sheriff Coburn. of Riverside will ar
rive to-morrow, morning and; assist the
local authorities in the .search tor the
thieves. For some , time . Postmaster
Brown has taken the precaution :to
leave but little money in the safe over
nlgrht. It is evident from the manner
In "which the job was done that the
burglars were of', the -professional
variety.
Mormons to Invade Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO. Dec. 24."—Imme
diately after the holidays' one of -the
largest colonies that ever invaded
Mexico at one time will arrive in the
State, of Chihuahua, where several
thousand-acres of land have already
.been secured/ These people /are Mor
mons from -Utah, and- will number
about 1000 men, women and children.
They can practice their belief in Mex
ico without interference from the
Government. " .
•; Most women have no visible means of
support— except on. rainy days.
POP'S extract
I* ".Jfe TCUO FAMILY OOCToJV
"All Is NotjGold
That Glitters"
neither is witch hazel the same
thing as Pond's Extract even
though your dealer tells you so
and it looks and smells the
same. It only takes one trial
to discover the s difference.
Witch Hazel is not the same thing.
On analysis of seventy samples of
Witch Hazel — offered as " the same
thing 1 ' — fifty- two litre shoivn to
contain wood alcohol or formaldehyde
or both. Avoid danger of poisoning
1 by using
'DNDsextBAC
• THE I
Los Angeles Times I
SAY FUASxisCO OFFICE f
IS, NOW IX |
Room 41, Chronicle B!dg. I
• Telephone; Main. 1472. Sj
Arthur L. rish, Repr«entat-v* B
The Times is the advertisingr b
medium of the Southwest. \u25a0 , 0
HOTEL ST. FRANCIS
Swnday Evening Table d'Hote.
Willbe served in the white, and
\u25a0 gold room every Sunday Evening
\u25a0at 6:30 o'clock.
S2.SO per plate. Huber's Orchestra
Reservations may b« made with
: the'Maltre d'Hotel. ;
For Your
Health
: .v ,• *sk\ • ' \u25a0 Against -W i|B \u25a0 ,- ;
A\m disoroerso " ie -
\S^ f STOMACH,UVER
and KIDNEYS.
BAJ A CAI-I FORN 1 A
i)amian£i Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IX VIGOR A-
\u25a0 * ;! tor and. Nervine.-:.;
'The most (wonderful auhrodisiac and Soeclal
. Tonic . for ; the : Sexua I ' Organs, for both sexes.
\u25a0v The '• Mexican \ Remedy =-. for ', Diseases \u25a0 of - 1 he
Kidneys and* Bladder. Sells omits own merits
. NABER, ALFS & BUUXE, rAcents '
- .'123 Market' St.; S. F.-^-(Send for. Circular.) \u0084
fZI JUST OUT '
r g WHOLESALERS
A . : - Trie* lists Holiday: Goods m
J5« - Chinese >' and v> Japanese, ' Fancy.
XJ~ JS^ Oooda: Hare. Art Curios; Antlqu»
!fftl-^//\' China: .teilk iEmorolderlea. iTeai.-
iJfcgT^^- 1 etc. Call or ivrlte for handsom*
IWHp^r/*^ .Illustrated Catalogue. "..;
'?§s£&< FOOK WOH & CO. L
?]' : m6Ea£E>'i- jo; Dupont St. -; SAN FaAKCHOO
* '-\u0084 '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•\u25a0
25th YEAR I n t/STQPIIIMQ!/I 110 THIRD ST «
in business DiMilounmoM g^^
IN ONE SPOT I Philadelphia Shoe Company I MARKET ST.
ON SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK ONLY
•" Recluulns to-morrow (Tuesday) these extra values will be placed oa
Mprcial ante' nt rednced prlt«e«. Don't fall to visit our store and see rrhat .
. remnrknblc vnlne.<4 We.are offerine. The reason we are always busy Is
because \»r jsive the nubllo more c»xfi value for (heir money than they
* rim-iioM.Hiftlr lin«l elsewhere. Remember this I» our £3th rear, of »qnare.
honest tlruliriic: It Is hehlntl every ctatement yve make. j
Don't Miss This Chance
V^^|^^^^_ High-Grade SBppers
A<»k for , "'ift Men's Tan or Black Fancy Seal and Em-
Style 453 . ' ' ' ' " broldered Velvet Slippers, cold at immense
• • ... \u25a0\u25a0 r ; •' ». reductions this week; they ar» made with
Box Calf School Shoes rottndl « toes - straight-cut sides.
,- EVERY* PAIR GUARAXTEEI>-ChU- paten * lealher backs and IoW heel> - Sizes
dren's"and Misses' best quality Box Calf. 6to .11.
Lace Shoes; made with solid double exten- REDUCED SALE PRICE 45c
slon sewed soles: full coin toes; box cal*
tips and •' low. flat school heels. Specially " a .-.~ \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - — - .^^. *""
made for school wear. Widths O to E. ' i SSSRSBsipti
Boys' Calf School Shoes Vici Kid Blucher Vamps
.:;SOUD AND DURABLE — Youths' and THE VERT NEWEST STYLE — Ladies'
fine vlci kld Bluch<?r Vamp Shoes -
full foxed vamps and double extension with neat extension sewed soles, coin toes,
sewed VoTes. . -,'- patent tips and Cuban heels. Sizes 2% to
• REDUCED SALE PRICES. £ „•,»>.« a tn. v
- Youths' sizes, !\u2666 tol» : JKlc\ S = Wldths Ato E " _. _,
Boys' size?,. iVj to 5^ $IJ£O Special Reduced Price fi.Bs
10 ™d street n S/ATOnU|MQ|/| Mail Ofdcrs
SAN FRANCISCO; Di B\H I O U M l l l O i\ 3 Promptly Filled
fjH CALIFORNIA
i%^v y&M To c "-' ca ?° in Th fee Day*,
j^^^afeg^ggj with Dinsn «nd Sleeps.
Santa Fe Trains
7:30 a. m." V % For ' Stockton. v Merced, Fresno,"
an-i • t Hanford. VUalia, . Bakersfleld
8:00 p. «h.. J ' ' and ' intermediate points. -
9:30 a. m. — California Xlmitetl three days to
Chicago every day.'. : Direct con.
".' nection to Grand- Canyon.
9:30 a. tn. — Valley Limited, for Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno, Hanford, VUalia
- '- . and Bakersneld and 'Points oa
• ' the Sierra Railway. ...
4:0O p. m.— For Stockton and intermediate
points.
8:00 p. m.— Overland Express, for Chicago.
Kansas City. Denver and Grand
. TICKET OFFICES! '"7
653 Market' street .. .'. San Francisco
Ferry Depot-. San FrancUco
111^ Broadrray ...: .Oakland
27 «\u25a0 South - First street San Jose
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlhtirorij Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX FHAXCISCO TO SAXRAPAEL.
WEEIC DAYS— 7:."O. 3:00 ft. m.: 12:33, 3:30.
5:10. 0:.t0 p.* m: \u25a0
SUNDAYS— B:OO. »:S0 a. m.: 12:33. 3:30. 5:10.
fi:3o p. ra.\ . "'.-'.
: SAN' HAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05 7:35, 7:50. 9:20 a. m.;
12:50. 3:40. ">:0O. 5:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — fi:t).">. S:00. 8:16 9:40 a.m.? 3:40.
4:30. u:0O.-5:2i>. G:3O p. m.
Leave t ; . In Effect , I Arrive
San Fran. I- Oct. S. 1905. [ San Fran.
WHi | ?un- I DesUria- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon: | days. | Days.
"TofTaTTTfIO a-" \u25a0 • V-..' I 9 : 10 al 8 : 40 a
»:f«a l»:aoa lgrnaclo. (10*40 a 10:20 a
3:SOp «:30 p I «:0Ol»! G:2O p
5210_p 5UOp -'\u25a0 |_7:SOp| ]__
9:rlhaT9::toa[ Napa, i 9:10"arS:40»
5:10 pi stlOp| \u25a0 I B:2op| 6:20 p
7:30 al '-- ; ' ', 9:loa| 8:40 a
I S;00 a Xovato. 10:40 a|10:25 a
Si3op »:.'soa Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
s:lopi :t:SOp . and ' 7:35 pf
|s:lopi Santa Rosa. I .
7 -30 a! ' - 1 : \u25a0 10:40 a|10:25 a
( S:0Oa '* \u25a0 Fulton 7:30p!6:20i>
3:30 p| 3:30 p _j_ I
- • . • Windsor
7:30 a SiOpa ' Healdsburg 10:40 a 10:25 a
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0-' ,' Lytton
3:30 p 3:30 p Oeyserville - 7:30 p 6:20 p
: | Cloverdale^
"130 a! S:oOa|' \u25a0 Hopland 110:40 a! 10:25 a
3:30 p| S:3op| "and Ukiah. [ 7:30 p| 6:20 p
\u25a0~T~j~7_ I- WlUlts and I 1
7 :30 a | S -.00 a[- Sherwood | 7:30 pj 6:20 p
77130 a! i.-OOal- \ 110:40 a|10:23 a
.". :30 pi 3 :'M p! • Guernevllle [ 7:30 p| 6:20 p
7 -3 ft al 5>:CO at T^onoma I 9:10 al 8:40*
sjli>_ p|_s jli) p| '.Glen Ellen [ 6:00 p| 6:20 p
~iXo~i 8:00 a " 10:40 a|lo:23a
3-30 p 3:80 p -Sebastopol. 7:30p 6:20 p
5 : 10 p 5;10p \u25a0 I -
"^TAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quontln: at :'Sftnta Rosa for White Sulphur
<?nv!iss and Mark. West Springs; .at Lytton !
tcr Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: J at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Bocn-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
SDrincs: 'Highland.. Springs. Kelseyville, Carls*
bud \u25a0 Springs, V'Soda. Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
SDrincs and ' Lake County Hot Springs; at
rkiah fcr "^"ichy ' Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Elue Lakes Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
UnDer Laki Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Lierly'* " HUlMlle. -" Orr's Hot Springs, Half-
way House,: CQtnptche. Hopkins, Mendocino
City Fort Brags, :Westport and Usal; at Wll-
lits for \u25a0 Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for
Fort Bragsc.' Cahto/ Cevelo. Laytonvllle, Cuai-
roing«. Bell's Springs. Harris, Hubbard, Frult-
1 land Dyer, Garberville.' Camp 5. Pepperwood,
1 Scotia and Eureka. i " '.
Saturday- and Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced -rates, y .-..:..
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket office. €50 Market st.. Chronicle bulld-
lD JA3. AGLER. . R. X- RYAN.
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt. ,
\u25a0 To SAN RAFAEL.
ROSSVALLEY.
MILL VALLEY.
CAZADERO. Etc.]
_ V|a , Samallto Ferry, j
SUBURBAN; SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
\u25a0 Depart '• week = days' and Sundays at 7 :00 (ex-
cept Sunday).' 7 :4s. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m..
12:20, 1:45. .3:15.. 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 8:S0. 7:15,
9:00. 10:15 "and "11:35 p. m. I
' For Fairfax, week? days — 7:45 a. m.. 5:15 ;
p. m.' dally, 'except "( Sunday; and 3:13 p. m. .
! Saturdays only. Sundays and holidays — 7:43, J
I »:1O a. vo: ,
; - ,: -, .THROUGH TRAINS. j
1 - "7:45 a. m. daily — Caxadero and way stations. |
3 : 15 p. * m. : ; : Saturdays only, for . Point Reyes ;
and \u25a0 way.". )
TICKKT . OFFICE— 63O Market st.
.^"ERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market St./-
;-Mf .T'amalpa.s Railway* >.
\u25a0 " vta. hits '. j
\u25a0 /mSWmEBtm Leave S. F. 9»0 a m 1:45 p m j
P^BS^jl^ Arrive S. F. 10:45 a M 2u55, 6:3-' pm
aTURJI? 05LT
S-v.S.F. 4:Sspm Ar.S. F. 11:2>pm
SUSDAT3 ASD LIBIL EOUDiTS !
'^BSr ' Lv. S. F. 5:23,9:50, 11:00 AM 1.45rM *
_Z \u25a0 Ar. S. F. 1:30. 2:55, 4^23, 6:22 pm *
TICUT i"6SO~MARKin- ST.",(North Shoreßailroaof) t
\u25a0 O?FiCIS I and Sausauto Fesrv. Foot Market St.
# Train* leave and ar* dut
to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
Fbo* Dzoxxbxb S, 1903.
Fxjuct Dipot
(Foot of Market Street.)
I.KAT»- MAIN LINE. -AMIT»
7.00 a Elmira. VtcsTllle. Winters, Rnmtcr 7.43f>
7.ooa ßiehmoad. Benlcla. Sacrameato.
Sulsun and Way Stations 7-23f»
7.4oA Vallejo, N»pa. Callstoga, Saat*
Kosa. Martlaes. San Ramon 6.08P
7.4OAXHe», Pleasanton. Ltvermore.
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton 7-289
B.ooa Shasta Express— (Via Darls).
Williams, Willows, tFroto. Bed
Blnff. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle. 7-43?
S.OOaDi vl». Woodland. Kalghts Landlne,
MaryivUle. OrorUle 7.480
8.20 a Martinez, Anttocn, Byron. Tracy,
- Stockton, Newman, Lot Baaos,
Mendota, Armona, Hanford,! JM ,
VUalia, Porterville i r2n»
8-20 A Port Costa. Lataro^. Merced. Mo- ' *" 4ap
det to. Fresno. Haaford, Vlsalla,
Baiertneld 4.48P
S.4OA NUes, San Jose, Llvermore, Stock-
ton (tMllton), Valley Sprier,
lone, - Sacramento, Placervtlle,
Colfax. MarysvUle. Red Blaff 4.08P
B.4oAOakdale. Chinese. Jamestown,
Sonora, Taolumnn and Angels... 4 08p
9-OOa Atlantic Express— Oeien and East. 4-28?
9. 4oa Klchmond. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations (tConcord) .. . 6.48?
10 20a Vallejo, Dally. Napa. Sunday only 7.43P
10.20aLos Aojfles Passenger— Pore
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Merced,
Kaymond, Fresno, Gosben June*
tlon. Hanford. Lemoore. VUr.lla,
Bakers&eld. Los Angeles 7-03f»
10-20A El Paso. Kansas City, St. Louis and
Chicago 7.08p»
11. 00a The Overland Limited— Omaha,
Chtcsgo, Denver. Kansas City... 5-48f>
11.40ANtles. San Jose and Way Stations. 2-48f>
ti -OOP Sacramento River Steamers til-OOP
320PPort Costa, Martlnez.Byron.Trac7,
Modeato, Merced. Fresno - 12-08 P
Z.4oPBentc!a. Winters. Sacramento,'
Woodland. Knights Landing, '•
MarysvUle and Orovllle • 10.48 a
3.4opnaywar<l, Xiles. and Way Stations f 7.43?
4.ooP Vallejo, Martinez. San Ramon, t
Napa. Callstoga, Santa Uosa V 9.28 a
4.oopNlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl. i 10.28 a
4.40P Hay ward. Ntles. Irvlngton. SanJ +3.4 8 a
Jose, Llvermore.... ) 111.43 a
6.00 p The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
\u25a0 • \u25a0 Banos, Mendota, Fresno, TuUre,
Baksrsfield. Los Angeles 3.43 a
s.ooP Golden State, limited— El Ps?o,
Kansas City/ St.- Louis and
Cnlcaco , 8.43 a
rS.2Op Hay ward, Nllesand San Jose.r/./f 7.08 a
:6.2oPVal!ejo. Port Costs,} Benlcla. 3ul-
_ inn, Sacramento mll-23a
.6-OOp Eastern Ki?res>B— Omaha, Chicajo.^
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,*
-Reno, Sparks. Montello. Ogden ..' 1 2.439
6. 20 P Hay ward, Nile* and San Joso ....*. ~.\ 3.43 a
i7.ooPl.eno Pai«en«er— Port Costn. Be-
nlcla, Sulsun,' Elmira, Dlxon,'
DHTlit.Saemniento. Sparks, Tono-!
pah. GoldneldandKeeler...:... 7.03 a
'7-OOPVallejo, Crockett and Way Sty
' tlons, Sunday only 11.23 a
: B.2oP Oregon & California Exprei*— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle, Reddlng.l
} Portland. Puget Sound and East.' 8.43 a'
I 9-OOp Hay ward. Xl!e» and San Jose (San-
Uayonly) _.- |11.48A°
COAST LINE (Harrow Uaage)..
( Foot of Market S tract.)
- 1-15 Newark, Centervllle, ban Jose. -
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations ' 555»
IZ'lSPNewark, Centervllle, San Jose,
New Ahnaden, Los Gatos, Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations tIO.SHA
4.1 5 p Newark. Saa Jose, Los Gatoi .;*.. | {{JlfJ
945pHanters Train— (Saturday only)
San Jose and Way Statiuns £7-59p
COAST LINE <Ur«aU uaairei.
rr~ (Third and Townscnd Streeta.)
6- 10 a San Jose and Way Buttons 6-30f»
7.OOASaa Jose and Way Stations 5-40P
8-OOAKew AlmaUcn (lues., Fr!.. only).. 4-10P
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jose, Sallnaa,
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Marsarlta. Sun LnU Oblspo,
Guadalupe. Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura, Oxnard,
Burbank, Los Angeles 10.38* 1 -
B.ooA Gllroy, Holiister. Pajaro, Castro- *> '
vlile. Del Monte, Pacific Grove.
Surf, Lompoc 10-30*
S.OOASan Jose, Tres Plnos. Watsonvllle.
Capitol*. SanU Cruz. Pacific
Grove. Salinas. San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations \u25a0 4.10P
1030 a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
11 30a San Jose and W»y Stations 7 40P
2 15pSan Jo»e snd Way Stations _. B«3aA
3-00PDet Monte Express— Santa Clara,'
San Jose, Watsonvllle, Santa.
Crnz. Del Monte, Monterey-
PadflcGrove 12.15?
t3-00PLos Gatos. Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and - • - " ,
-. Narrow Gaupe....... * 10-45^
3-30P South San Francisco, San Jo«e.
GUroy. Holiister. Tret Pinoi..... 1045 a
4.3OPS*n Joae and Way Stations t7 55a
16.00PSanU Clara. San Jom. Los Gate*. 13 00a
{5-30PSanJocennUPr1ncipatWay Stations J9.4QA
5-45P3nnset Express— Redwood, Saa
Jose. Gilroy, Salinas. Paso
Robles, San Lais ObUpo. Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles, Demtng,
El Paso, New Orleans ."... 9.10*
5.45PE1 Paso, Kaneas City, SU Louis, T"
Chicago 3.10 a
s.4sPPajaro, Watson vllle. Capitols,
' SanU Cruz. Castroville. Del
. Monte, Pacific Grove 1C30»
IS-ioPSan Mateo. Beresford. Belmont.
San Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks, .
MenloPark. Palo A1t0..... t(MBA
&30PSan Jose and Way Station*. 8.36 a
8.00?Palo Alto and Way Statiuns ....... 10.15*
11 .3 Cp South San Francisco, Millbra*. Bur-
Mngamc. S«n Mateo, Belmont.
San Carloi. Kcdwood. Fair Oaks.
\u25a0- Menlo Park and Pa!o Alto 945«*
1 1 .30P Saturday » only for Ma y field, Monn-
taln View, Sunnyvale. Lawrence, -
Santa Clara ami San Jo«e t9.45»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY
(Foot of Market St.)
f7.15A.M. 9.00 a.m. 11.00 a.m.
__-. ' -.' 1.00 p.m. 3.00 p.m. S.lSp.w.'
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
tSnnd.iy ex copied. , iSunday only.
Wocilsy only. - •
(Dally, and stops at all stations on SuodaT* . I
56
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS ..Proprietor
ADDKESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McN'AUGIIT ••••_•_• IV-i:: '" ' Manager
3TBLICATIOX OFFICE. THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY DECEMBER 25, 1905
THE CHEER OF CHRISTMAS.
OTHER holidays get perverted. The Fourth of July is not
always consecrated to patriotism, nor Decoration day to
solemn reflection and ascription to the, heroic dead." Even
the weekly Sabbath holiday is grotesquely wrenched from its pur
pose and made the occasion of unseemly indulgence and often riot.
But Christmas is the day of cheer. It is still the Merry Christmas
of all lands where it is kept. In its bright atmosphere of good
cheer and • good will the sorrowing forget their woes, the dis
couraged their despair, the tired their weariness and the weak their
stumbling.
It brings into its illumination all the sentiment that is around
the lengthening da}'. The winter solstice is over. The shadow
that has been. upon morning and evening is shortening and the
blessed light is longer upon the earth. Where the snow lies and
plant life is locked in frost there is the promise of a resurrection
in which men shall be made glad again by the sight of the green
ihings growing, and throughout the physical environment there is
the promise of spring and summer to come, with their renewal of
iife and their seed time and harvest.
It is proper that this air of cheer and hope shall be associated,
as it is, with the great promises of spiritual renewal that were made
by the man of Nazareth, which teach that man is never to despair
nor be without hope. If the shadows are upon him there is a moral
winter solstice that he may pass into a longer day and more in
spiring light, if he will.
At this season no one is outlawed from that cheer which
belongs to the day. The purse strings of the rich are cut by human
sympathy and the man is rarely known who can take cheer him
self without having it heightened by the knowledge that all the
world is cheerful with him. Men find their own pleasures made
more enjoyable by what they have done to bring pleasure to others,
and so there is a great companionship that fellowships all classes
and conditions with each other and makes the day a merry Christ
mas.
It is a day of peace on earth and good will toward men.
Americans observe it to-day with especial grace and fervor because
their country has been instrumental in making peace and stopping
the most fearful war of all the ages. Wherever the day is observed
in its fullness and spirit the thoughts of men turn to this republic
and see over its name the Christian legend, "Blessed are the peace
makers.*' May we always deserve the ascription to which our Presi
dent has given us title. The holiday season finds our land favored
with plenty and peace and in a spirit of good will to all the world.
May it never break the peace of God among men, but. remain the
world's peacemaker rather than the world's peacebreaker.
We Californians are far separated from our kin and country
men. Deserts and mountains divide us from them, and while the
brief but lengthening day is here saluted at its beginning by the
incense of flowers that bloom unsmitten by winter they are shiver
ing in the blast and cold, yet the day's cheer is upon all.
In the abundance of our good feeling we wish that all the
world were here, or that upon it were the same winterless bloom
that garlands our Christmas and the balm that makes even poverty
lighter and hardship less and the day's cheer brighter. May friends
and families everywhere greet and hail in the spirit of the day and
its greater lessons nowhere be forgotten in the material enjoyment
and social joys that so become it.
POSSIBLE ECONOMY OF INSURANCE.
WORKINGMEN'S # insurance has been adopted as a part of
their business system by seventy American corporations,
all* of which are highly pleased with the results. Four
hundred more are seriously considering putting such a plan in
operation. The immense and extravagant expense accounts of our
insurance companies, if not promptly reduced, will probably foster
the growth of such method of insurance. To what -a large extent
retrenching of the cost of this protection is possible is forcibly
brought out in a paper written by Frank A. Vanderlip, formerly
assistant Secretary of the Treasury under Gage, and now vice
president of the National City Bank of New York? In his article,
which is published in the North American Review, he points out
that the expense of administration of workingmen's insurance in
Germany is only g per cent.
The introduction of the German system into this country is
not advocated by Vanderlip, but he believes the study of it would
be very useful to us for the purpose of getting suggestions of im
provement of our methods. Perhaps the chief thing for us to con
sider is the astonishingly small cost of German administration.
That small expense is not only astonishing when considered by
itself, but it makes appear absurdly unreasonable the comparative
extravagance of the expense accounts of American insurance. It
will be remembered that recent investigation showed that in one
of our big companies, making a specialty of industrial insurance,
the expense of administration actually exceeded the amount of
benefits returned to the people. Surely the American figures, when
confronted with the German evidence of what is honestly practi
cable, give proof of one or two alternatives — either a most greedy
selfishness on the part of the controllers, or an unpardonable lack
of financial ability to manage affairs of such great importance to
the laboring people's welfare. A slight difference might be tole
rated, but the enormity of the extent of an expense of over ioo
per cent when 9 per cent has been proved a possibility jrf economic
administration is enough to justify the struggling American work
ers to make an outcry for a better showing of returns for the hard
earned savings they invest in insurance.
In making his study Vanderlip held a very extensive cor
respondence with firms and corporations both in Germany and in
this country. The Germans, while pleased with their own system,
did not advise it for America, as they thought we were* naturally
too individualistic to be suited by their method of semi-governr
mental insurance. The American correspondence showed that the
corporations which had adopted some plan of insuring their em
ployes found it desirable, not merely from philanthropic considera
tions, but as an enlightened business policy, -inducing permanency
of employes, raising the standard of work and workmen, and pre
venting the waste of energy and savings in side speculations by
which the workmen otherwise seek to provide for old age or
illness. ,
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
A magarine article by Mr. Zimmerman, giving full- particulars of the
little scheme by which he put J. Pierpont Morgan $6,000,000 to the bad,
would be sure of ready acceptance at his own price. — Chicago Tribune.
Among the tremendous possibilities of future wars is that there is
likely to be a regiment of rough riders composed exclusively of name
sakes of Colonel Theodore Roosevelt. — Chicago Tribune.
One of the best purifiers is whitewash. It is good for anything from
a damp cellar to a tainted politician or an insurance grafter.— New York
Press. . _
By abolishing free transportation the railroads will' sidetrack some
politicians who are , deadheads in more than one sense.— Baltimore. Sun.
PA stranger might imagine that the red flag was the national standard
Russia just now. — New York Evening Sun.
It is easier to be rich than to be happy; but nobody ever got any satis
faction out of that thought. — New York Press.
;THE SAN^FRANCISCO GALL; MONDAY,;; DECEMBER 25, iflOo,
OUR TRIUMPH OVER OLGA
A Little Story of the Christmas Spirit
J POISED my pencil above our Christ
mas list. "Well," I queried, "what
shall we give to Olga?" -
The young and beautiful and be- i
witching partner of my poverty clicked
her teeth together and thought
about it. V
"Well," she said slowly, "it seems to
me that we might give her handker
chiefs." I wrote it down.
"Handkerchiefs;" I repeated genially,
as If it were a settled thing.
"What do you thing about it?" con
tinued the missus, trying to involve me j
in an argument. I
"I think handkerchiefs," I answered. \
"And,'' concluded she, "a box of writ
ing paper." _•
"The very thing." I joyfully assented.
And I scribbled it down at once.
"You can give her the -writing pa- i
per.". announced the. head of the house
finally, "and I shall give her the hand
kerchiefs." " : ' . '
"The best possible arrangement tnat
could be made," I murmured. This
was some four Christmases ago. Olga,
our proposed donee, was worthy of
our gifts. We had run across her the
summer before in Hungary. There
she was doing the work of four girls
for the princely price of two dollars
and a half per month. We brought her
to America and paid her ten. Prior to
that, out of our limited Income, we
had been paying twenty. But now the
arrangement was highly satisfactory.
Olga was richer and so were we; we
saved ten dollars every month and
our Mercedes did not seem quite so far
away, after all. Olga was grateful
and very satisfactory. And If our
faces beamed with ,the Christmas
spirit when I gave her the writing, pa
per and Molly gave her the handker
chiefs I am quite sure that hers
beamed also; she must have felt that
it was, indeed, more blessed to receive
than. to give. | ;
"Jah,", she cried; "but I should write
so many letters! I should wipe ; mine
nose so many times! Jah. soch a
moch to. eeef .roe!" ..
Molly's mother and father came
around and my : father and mother
came around, and my aunts and Molly's
aunts, and Molly's friends and ;my
friends, and to all of them Olga glee
fully exhibited her Christmas favors. -
"Zee," she cried, "I should blow
mine nose like dees!" And she suited
the action to the word.
"Olga's very noisy with her toys,"
said Molly's father after this perform
ance.
OLGA'S FIRST GIFTS.
' Well, that was our first Christmas
with Olga and the . handkerchiefs and
paper and our gifts were ;the only
gifts that she received on that occa
sion, but as time went ;on Olga en
deared herself to all our relatives.
"Such a» good girl !" they would cry,
while Molly and I dwelt upon her merits.
Virtue Is not always its sole reward. The
following Christmas we kept up the cus
tom, of making presents to our Hungarian
honey, as we called her. • This time we
arranged Olga's gifts after this fashion:
Molly presented writing paper.
I presented handkerchiefs.
"It is very nice," Olga said soberly
when we handed f out the goods. She
paused a bit uncertainly. V -\u25a0,
"Some .day," she : said, brightening . up,
"maybe for Chreestmas some one geef
me dollar. So— " . .
She was interrupted jby the advent , of
Molly's parents. They were loaded down
with presents. , The ; first ' thing (they .did
was to charge down upon Olga. s ~
"Olga,'.' said Molly's mother, "you , were
so delighted . last year at what you got
that I have brought you this." She passed
over abox. Molly's father, -with the em
barrassment \ under '; which ,; man ,' labors
when he I gives • away presents that his
wife has bought, \ produced another box.
He thrust ithastily into Olga's hands.- ,
"M'ry Christmas," he- mumbled,,, and
backed out. I, heard Olga breathe softly
to herself. . \u0084/\u25a0' ; .
"Maybe it should be a dollar," she was
whispering. ; But : she '} was mistaken. ; Mol
ly's : father, had brought her: a . fine box of
writing paper— more box ; than pap~er, by
the .way ; ' and ': Molly^s "\u25a0" mother. . had. shed
some handkerchiefs upon^ her ""', like a
Christmas benediction. .". : Olga accepted
these ; blessings silently. Just as \u25a0it was
all over. my. father i and '\u25a0 mother ; turned
up." Olga, thinking that , she saw; dollars
In their beaming faces,; turned expectant
ly to them.". , But they ; had come empty
handed bo ' far,; as \u25a0 Olga ; was ; concerned.
And so had my aunts,* it seemed.": :
"Next Christmas," •though,'.',^ ,they . told
us, "we will V give | Olga\ something, j too."
But Christmas - and the Christmas holi
days were / not \ yet : . over. ; and Olga ; was
determined ; to Instill Into us a 'few card
inal precepts.' ',> -. '/
'.'That ' girl nex'^door," 'she' 'advised us
at dinner, s "she • get • all of ; feef ty -' cent
Yoost tlnk." %
OLGA V TALKS OP, MONEY.
We .thought. l/.Olga; did ; the talking
"An.V she continued,"; gently,' "odder. fiirl.
WILLIAM HAMILTON OSBORNE
dees side, get seefnty-fife, jah." This was
but the beginning. Olga was no short
sport. All through the year she- pleaded
with us for our conversion, as a far. off
missionary might with a refractory Hot
tentot. And finally the third , Christmas
came around. .
"We'll have to give her money" I whis
pered to my better half.
"Nothing of the sort" bridled she; "it
will only spoil 'her. What we give her is
plenty good enough."
"What is it to be this time?" I asked.
"The same," said Molly.
"No," I cried, "we'd better not. Some
one else will be doing the same thing.
Remember last year." '
"It is last year that. l'm remembering,"
she answered, "and that's just the rea
son why. The others remember, too.
And this .time nobody will give her paper
and handkerchiefs. 'And we're going to.
They are' nice presents, arid Olga uses
them. Sh£ : writes a "good deal."
, "That's true," I assented, "and she;
blows a Jot. too. , Well. 'let it. go." '
i It went! But on this third Christmas, in
I order not to evoke any unusual, discussion
I with Olga as to the propriety, of financial
offerings, we agreed that we would wait
until Molly's parents " and mine and my
aunts should all get In, and then that all
the presents should be handed to Olga'
at once, in bewildering array. We waited.
! We put ours - "on a chair and arranged
! that the others should go on top of them.
i It was to be Olga's little Christmas pile.
"Well, said Molly's mother, coming In,
"I just knew that no. one would be giving
Olga handkerchiefs and paper after our
mistake of last year, so we just brought
them along this time again, so that poor
Olga would riot miss the gifts she likes so
much." They laid their presents on the
chair. Then my mother and father ar
rived. : *
"After the double-up that occurred
last Christmas," they announced, "we
thought — " They laid handkerchiefs
and paper "on the chair. My aunts
came in. .* . •\u25a0
"Did you bring handkerchiefs and
paper for Olga?" I genially inquired.
"Yes," they answered doubtfully, "did
anybody else?" . .
"Thank heaven!" cried Mollle and
myself, throwing our youthful figures
into ecstasy of delight; "Olga will have
at least one box of paper and one box
of handkerchiefs. We were . so afraid,"
we added, "that she wouldn't."
ANGER SEIZES OLGA.
Olga was brought in.. She set to
work upon her little pile. May be dol
lars," 1 heard her whisper. For she
had labored -with us for so long. At
the end of three minutes I saw her, out
of the corner of my eye, turn swiftly,
and walk stiffly back into the kitchen,,
empty handed. I could hear her,
through closed doors, slowly, j but de-.
terniinedly, tearing the furniture apart.
Back in the room. where we were pan
demonium reigned. for a short space of
time.
| Our guests glanced upon : the "< chair.
"Why. did you give her — " ventured
"Why— 'why — " gasped , another.
"Why—" feebly:said a third.
','There are enough letter, sheets
here," said my father, "for fifty breach
of promise cases." '
"There are enough handkerchiefs,"
said Molly's parent, going him one bet
ter, "for one good : cold in. the: head."
Well, we left them on the chair. There
was nothlngelse to do. "Olga will come
and get them after : a while," Molly ex
plained. \u25a0 j '- ; \u25a0 \u25a0.-.' v
But Olga did not come and. get them.
She left them there all that day, all that
week: Finally-; Molly -. took the initiative
and carried .them, ... chair . and \ all, Into
Olga's bedroom . while V; Olga ',was :•\u25a0•: down
stairs In the kitchenJHThis broke Olga's
inactivity into, little bits ;of pieces. One
evening I : came hotrie arid : tried to . ope n
my; bureau drawer , to get - a necktie. < It
would not open. '
"What's the matter with' this drawer?".
I cried. Just then it came open, with; a
rush. ' Inside I found - my?! tie, yes, ; arid
other things besides. -What?. Well, for
instance, four .boxes of .1 variegated writ-
Ing paper ; ; yes, ', and f our i boxes of new
handkerchiefs. .\u25a0 \ .',.-.
r* "Molly,'; , l* called weakly. . Molly came.
She rushed to Olga. V
"Olga,'" she asked, "why did you do
this?" '- \u25a0:• \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0; .:.-;\u25a0•' \u25a0;'- .-V^
TIRES OF THE ; MEASLY PAPER.
Olga sniffed, : I ' was '}_ informed. \u25a0. "I ; don't
want -i no measly paper," '< she ; replied, In
troducing : an . Americanism V into C her
speech." ,"I * don't -waritt no two-f er > hand
kerchiefs,*.-' i another ' bit ; of \u25a0\u25a0 colloquialism.
She ; smashed \ theltable } with . her Hunga-"
rlan hand. "I should haye 1 only dollars i for
my-Chreestmas/you zee!"/ Lv
..Her,", argument ; was; \ unanswerable. . 1 1
think . Molly} was actually! impressed.; For
Molly came'? back : to me with doubt shin
ing: in her eyes. ' . / " ;
; "."Really,"; Bhe whispered,' "we^ must: give
herimoney^ next year. ..I'm , sure she .talks
about/ vs (i to ; the neighbors ? now." - 1 ' don't
see swhat "else "iWe_can *do:next year.V
"I took ; Molly f by^thVphouideraJ^VMolly."
I said, "heretofore you've had your say
about Christmas presents, haven't you?
Well, now, I'll tell, you something. I'll
dictate the terms of peace. Next Christ
mas I'm going to arrange our presents
to Olga, the presents of your parents to
Olga, the presents of my parents to Olga,
the \u25a0 presents of my aunts to Olga. You
watch and see." . . .
It was fortunate for us that Olga was
not popular with the surrounding ser
vants. Most of them were Irish. If Olga
could hava really mixed in .she would
have been spoiled for. us as a servant.
But they said little to her and she said
little to them, and her information as to
Christmas presents was gathered from
their Christmas shouts across the lawns.
Olga was a; good servant to us, and I be
lieve that she was attached Jo us, for her
only grumbling time was Christmas time.
I made up my mind, however, that she
had grumbled once too often.
When I- Issued : my ultimatum referred
to "above Molly smiled. "What axe we all
to give Olga next year?" she-queried.
I lit a cigar. "Handkerchiefs," I snort
ed; ."writing paper— that's what. You
wait and see." '
And the fourth Christmas came in time.
And,, under my leadership, my attacking
forces gathered in our little drawing
room. Each was provided with ammuni
tion adequate for all purposes.
"Call Olga," I commanded, much as an
other man might say, "Shoulder— humph."'
Olga . was called with military precision.
We advanced upon her in double quick
time.
''Olga," we shouted deliriously, hold
ing out before us our wrapped up boxes
that we carried, "here, merry Christ
mas! Happy New Year! Hooray."
; Olga looked. She turned up her nose
In disdain. "You meannesses," she
cried, "to treat a poor girl like this. I
will not take none of them presents.
Hendkchefs," she exploded, "writin'
pepper. Bah."
I stepped up ahead of the ranks. "Do
I understand,. Olga," I said coldly, "that
you refuse these presents that we of
fer you?"
SPURXS THE PRESENTS.
"I ref-f-f-f-use 'em," she assented.
"I sp-p-pit upon 'em."
"Very well." I answered. I turned to
Molly's '• father.
: "Mr. Kriss Kingle," I cried to him,
"unlimber; open up that box." .
He opened it. In it there was noth
ing; that is, nothing much. Only a dol
lar bill; that's all. I seized it.
"I accept the gift that Olga spurns,"
I said. I made a signal with my hand
and suddenly all the boxes opened.
Alas, they were all innocent of paper
and handkerchiefs. -Three of them con
tained cheap, common,, ordinary one
dollar bills, as had the first one. Two
of them contained marked down two
dollar silver certificates. - Then I
opened mine. Mine was the' limit. It
contained one of the most disreputable
five-dollar notes that I have ever seen.
I think : probably a dozen people had
been "carrying it about in their pockets
for weeks and month. >
I looked ' at Olga. For minutes she
was paralyzed. Then she snivelled and
heldouther hand.
''I'll take the. presents," she remarked.
I , waved my hand. .
"Not one cent of Indemnity," I an
swered, "and we won't even buy.a.half
of Saghalian, Olga," I thundered; "go
and prepare, our holiday feast. We've
got 'our Christmas appetites on and are
hungry, as the'deuce." \u25a0 \u25a0,'. •
Two, days later Olga told Molly that
she was sorry; that she had > been" a
naughty girl, and that'next Christmas
she would be glad, to take anything-,
even .though it ' were, soiled writing pa
per/and handkerchiefs to correspond.
; But it, is the victor's; privilege. to be
merciful. •; Next Christmas we're . going
to give; her ; money, ; just because she
hasn't asked; for it,' and doesn't expect
it, - .-' and \u25a0 because she's . good. And I'll
wager that when she gets it she'llgo out
Christmas Iweek and buy handkerchiefs
and:writing, paper, too. :
Arid— whisper.' We've just been down
to pay" the first -installment on our big
automobile/ -V. ' ..
DOG •'. MEND EXH ALL'S JOKE.
,:' Doc Mendenhall had a load of sweet-.*
ness to :' take out to Buxtori 'on the stage ,
last Friday. It was two married . couples
—Walter . Hammond and May Scofield. L.
E. Crawford and Amelia^ Genzer. • The
sunlight- da2zled Doc's sight that day and
he ' Is '„ said t to ; have struck : every ; stump,
run on' to every side hill and; into every
chuckhble from : here ,to;Buxton. r ßut r he'
got them \ there,' though he may lose ' the
job "of driving ' on their 'next wedding
trip.— Forest^ Grove i (Ore.) Tlrnes.
• Townsend's ' California glace, fruits
and choicest candles In artistic nr«
etched boxes. New, store. 767 .Market. •
. Special • information , supplied daily -to
business houses and public • men by ; th«
Press Clipping Bureau«<AUen's), 30 Call
foruia street. Telephone Main 1042, •
OCCIDENTAL ACCIDENTALS
A. J. WATERHOUSE
CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA,
T HE Christmas love, the Christmas, cheer,
The smile on Christmas faces-
Sweet effort of the dying year
To muster all its graces
In one rare day when all shall stand
On heights of peace together-- • \u0084 \u25a0_
And, best of. all. in our good land.
The golden Christmas weather!
\u25a0 .
So gleam the mistletoe on high,
; And see it not, ye maidens shy—
A kiss is but a feather.
To kisses, blisses, all the rest,
Dame Nature here adds special zest—
Our 'golden Christmas weather!
Back yonder frost doth Santa nip
What time his deer are flying.
And, "Faith!" he cries, ''this Christmas trip
Is most exceeding trying";
But here In bowers blossom-lined
He stays, his steeds to tether;
And, "Ah," he vows, "nowhere I find
Such golden Christmas weather 1"
So trip it lightly, trip it long,
And let this one day be a song
Our hearts do sing together;
Ay, this one day for bliss to plot —
And know ye well elsewhere is not
Such golden Christmas weather.
tThe roses bud, the roses bloom —
Let every heart be singing!
I for care, with face of gloom,
en all our world is ringing
sngs of birds that come and go
r sunshine-jeweled heather,
mad to tell the bliss they«know
golden Christmas weather,
o let the Christmas holly gleam,
or love is all, and care's a dream,
And know ye joy together;
nd thank the God of peace and cheer
or this, the gift he brings us here,
Our golden Christmas weather!
Now, then, children, sit down and don't
say anything unless you have something
to say— as so many of us grown people
do— and we will have a nice little talk.
It Is almost Christmas day; and who is
It who comes then? Tbat'.s It; you are
right; It is Santa Claus. It Is funny how
you guessed my conundrum the very first
thing, isn't it? Yes, of course.
And what is It that Santa Claus brings
to y£u? That's it— presents. You hit it
right again; you are great guessers. That
is, he brings presents, except to the
poor little waifs and strays to whom no
body brings anything; and may the Lord
help them, for hone of the rest of us do
very much.
And to whom does Santa bring the most
presents? To the best little girls and
boys? I thought you would say that.
Did you say so because your papas and
mammas told you so? I thought that you
would say that you did— so you see that
I am a great guesser, too.
; Now, I do not wish to say a word that
will cause you to think that your papas
and mammas are mistaken, for. of course,,
they know more than anybody; but, just
the same, I am going to tell you about tne
queer case of a little boy I once knew;
and perhaps you can understand it, but
I fio not. • • .
This little boy was almost the homeliest'
little boy that ever happened, and. of
course, he was ' not to blame for that.
But I do claim that he was very
much. to blame for exhibiting more kinds
of cussedness than any thirteen little
boys ought to possess if they expect to go
to heaven, as all little boys should. His
life was one long, shocking fight with al
most all the other little boys in town, and
in the few odd times when he was not
fighting he generally was engaged in do
ing something else that you would blush
just to hear mentioned. Oh. he was a
ringed, streaked and striped convict from
Badboyville, this bad little boy was.
Did Santa Claus bring this dreadful lit
tle boy any presents when Christmas
came? That's right; all speak up at once
and say that, of course, he did not. It Is
natural that you should think so after
what your papas and mammas have told
you, but all the same. It Is a surprla
ing fact that you are mistaken. He was
the worst boy in his school, and he sot
the most Christmas presents! Now, how
would you account, for that? It knocks
me! "
You ask if this is a true story? You
bet it is! How do I know? Well, it pains
me to confess : it, dear children, but I—
well, one might as well be honest, and—
that is— the fact is, I was that little boy.
I should not have told you this story,
dear children, if I had thought that you
would ask me how I knew; but it Is true,
and I never have understood it. and I do
not understand it, and I suppose that I
never will. It makes me wonder and won
der about Santa Claus. Does it affect
you in the same way? And. if not. how
would you account for such a case?.
"I notice that a German Baron feels
A FEW HOLIDAY SMILES.
A LITTLE LEABJVIN'G.
Father— l hope you learned some
thins at school to-day.
Willie— Sure! I learned that the
teacher Is twice as strong as you.
BRAVE BOY.
Willie—Well, I plucked up cour
age enough to call on Ethel's
father. Gweat wellef. Dick,
fßweat'wellef!,- ..'\u25a0„
*-*Dick— l suppose he consents.
Wlllie-^-He wasn't in. -
financially and otherwise Injured and
pained because his American father-in
law has allowed him but $220,000, or scarce
ly J3OO a week, in the nine years he ha*
been married."
"Yes, I noticed that in the papers. Poor
devil; I am sorry for him."
"I don't see why you should be sorry.'*
• "Don't, hey? Well, don't you suppose
it must be worth more than $500 a week to
live with one who would trade .her blrtju
right of American womanhood fur Ja
title?" ' '• . OO 1 *
WOj CHRISTMAS GIFTS AT ALL.
My darling had more Christmas gifts
Than I could pause to name —
The Christmas toys of divers kinds
Might put a store to shame —
Book?, dolls and balls, a score of gift*
Whose, names I scarce recall—
The little waif upon the streets.
He had no gifts at all!
I'm very glad that love did plan
My darling's happiness:
Her chattered gladness in each glf*
Doth still my spirit bless.
In her rejoicing I rejoice.
Nor is my pleasure small —
But, oh, I'm sorry for the waif
Who had no gifts at a 11. .-}\u25a0/.
"1 notice that In the recent slaughter
of, the Jews at Odessa Christians some
times fought side by sitle with the He
brews in their defense. That sort of thins
makes one proud of the Christians."
"It need not. A genuine Christian
could and would do nothing else."
SHE WAITED.
She said "I wait for days of blias
When I shall know my true loves kiss.
And he must be a knight more leal
Than songs of olden times reveal.
No craven he. but stout of heart.
Yet well versed In the gentle art
Of luring maids till eyes grow dim.
Forever I will wait for him" —
And so she waited.
She waited. Weary years crept by.
And still no knight, came strolling by;
No hero to her side did roam-
Somehow, the heroes stayed at horn«. ,a
But still she said: "For him I wait, **-
And he will come, or soon or late;
His dauntless soul shall claim my own
And in his heart I'll find my throne"—
And so she waited.
At thirty-two she had a chance
At something garbed in coat and pants.
It was no knight or hero bold:
It had bow legs, a chronic cold;
Its talk was of the kind called "gab,"
But, oh, you should have seen her graft
To catch the thing ere it could flee,
Fcr she, as you. of course, must see.
Was tired of waiting!
"His mother said that she Intended t»
make a saver of souls of him."
"Did she succeed?"
"To a certain extent, yes. Ha becana*
a shoemaker."
FJSKK ADVICE.
Graf ton— Doctor, what do you
take for a cold?
Doctor— My fee.
CAUSE AND EFFECT.
Nellie— How did you get Into that'
horrible habit of picking your
teeth, John? •
John— Through having something
to eat, principally."BLESSED IS POWER TO FORGET,"
CRIES CALIFORNIA CLUB.
Drops Cares of Work for Dainty L/uncheons
Will Serve Break-
fast at the New
Clubhouse.
Mrs. Lovell White
to Act as Toast-
Mistress.
LAURA BRIDE POWERS
The California Club, like its sisters
of lesser seriousness of purpose, pur
poses to get gay on Wednesday and to
let the Consumers' League, t;ie Juve
nile Court, the jails and the Alms
house "'go" for a day and to simply
Blessed is .the power to forget — not
permanently, but occasionally. Per
manent forgetfulru-ss prevents growth.
. They are giving breakfasts and
luncheons where women are learning
to regard each other as God would
have vs — each as a siuu-r. That is the
blossom of the tree of g-oodfellows*iip,
from which nit-n have plucked the
fruit these many years — the sweetest,
most souj-satisfying fruit that grows.
On Wednesday the California Club
meets at breakfast at the new club
house. 175<J Clay street, with Mrs. Lo
vell White toastmistress.
As abettors to the fun — or gloom —
are the following' toasts and their
Greeting. Mrs. Aylett It. Cotton: "To the
Founders." Mrs. E. L. Baldwin; •From the
Fcundtrs." Mrs. Hayward: •\u25a0Sensitive Soul*,"
.airs. James Orr: "Uniformity or Diversity in
J'eoph; an.i Teacups," Mrs. Louis H. Long;
"Man".* Failure as a Poem." Mrs. G'crge
Kates; "Two View Points— Which Is Yours?"
Mrr-. W. A. Maddem; "Our Illusions," Mrs.
Auron bchloss; "Club Reports. " Mrs. Emll
Pohli; "The Press," Mrs. Laura Bride Powers;
\u25a0 Tut-i \,,\- or L*st." Miss Bird Wilson:
"Cliarge of the Five Hundred," Jenne Morrow
Lens; "To the President." Mrs. John Russ.
.Hen iiots — I>r. Amy Bowen. Mies Susarine
latch. Mrs. Slater. Mrs. Thomas Morffew; or
chestra.
Aii occasional forgetfulness — an occa
sional loosening vp — is essential to him.
or to her, who would remain a man or a !
woman.
That's what the women's clubs— just
like the men's club?, barring highballs
are doing at yuletide.
To Mrs. James C. Crawford is the cred
it due for the capable management of
the annual feast. As chairman of the
breakfast committee she has shouldered
a lot of responsibility without grumb
ling.
The Sonoma Valley Woman's Club.
Mrs. R. P. Hill president, sends a Christ
mas greeting to the cd.tor of club gossip
upon a very smart postal picturing the
stone fountain the enterprising club had
Placed in the historic old Sonoma plaza
just over the way from Sonoma Mission,
now the property of the State, and oppo
site the old garrison of General Vallejo.
Herein lies a suggestion for enterprisers
country town clubs— it tells whafs doin£
in their town.
. The fourth regular meeting of the Coun
cil of Jewish Women was held on Thurs
day, Dwember 21. in the Sunday-school
room of the Temple AjTnanu-El.
The i/idress of the day was delivered
by Dr. David Starr Jordan upon "The
Ascent of the Matterhorn" (with st<?reop
ticon views), and was voted by the mem
bers to be quite the trump card of the
yea r.
Mrs. Prosper P. Reiter pave two beau
tiful vocal polos, bringing the guests
down to tea time.
The circular of the day contains a little
jolt about overdue dues.
Come up. ladies, with your dues.
In all clubs the same cry goes forth—
-dues due." • ':-Z
Consr-essman Julius Kahn, like all pood
Ba n Franciscans, is greatly interested in
the- work of the Outdoor Art League de
partment of the California Club, whose
primal purposes are along the lines of the
exterior beauty of our city — this at the
risk of being obvious. From .the Con
pressman the following communication
has been received:
In many parts of the city th«>re are vacant
Ir.ts which ar» an eyesore to the residents in
the neighborhood where they aro found. I
havf often thought that th«>s<? might be made
more pr»i«?ntable by planting nasturtium seeds
during th* winter months. Thls» plant grows
rapidly and fhe adorning is beautiful. Could
you not, through the dally papers, ask the
people of Kan Francisco to gather their nas
turtium weds. R^-nd them to your headquarters,
and on a certain day have the school children
plant tliem ?
The league considers this an excellent
£ug¥re?tion and will in the near future
take up the work. If the people who cul
tivate nasturtiums will kindly collect the
eeeds and forward them to Miss Ida M.
Kervan, chairman planting committee.
Fresh milk is absolutely
necessary for the baby. No
dried milk food, or food which
is U6ed without fresh milk will meet
the requirements. Mellin's Food is
always to be used with fresh milk ; it
Rtv.sftcs and feeds the baby. Send for our
book, ** The Care & Feeding of Infants," free.
The OKLT Infants' T—& receirintf
th* GRAKD PRIZE at St. Unit, 1904.
Gold Medal, Highest Award,
Portland, Ore. 1905.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO, BOSTON. MASS.
THE PALfICE HOTEL for be* cooking.
THE PALACE HOTEL for q«eke* service.
THE PALACE r.OI EL for fine.: muse
THE PALACE HOTEL for modem comforts
THE PALACE HOTEL for moderate rate*.
W. X. HESS,
Xotarjr Pnbllc and Atiorney-at-Law,
T«ntn Floor. Room 1015, Claub Spreckels bld«..
Telephone Main 983.
Hcafdencc. lfcO2 McAllister St.
Residence Telephone Page S6il.
PROMINENT MEMBEIt OF OALI
PFOR CH'O, WHO IS MANAGING
NEXT WEDNESDAY'S BREAK
FAST.
LjO Clay street, the league will be grate
ful for them.
On December 15 the following communi
cation was received in regard to the
threatening destruction— or extermination
— of Xiacara (if such destruction or ex
termination is really threatened):
We ask your prompt and earnest co-opera
tion, as a member of the American Civic As
sociation, in the work that Is being done to
preserve Niagara Falls from destruction by
the power companies. President Roosevelt de
clared himSelf most unmistakably on this sub
ject to the officers of the association when
they visited him November 11. He believes
that "as California hai? given a great grove of
big trees to the nation, so New\ York should
give Niagara to the nation; but If New York
does not do so. then the American people must
step in and preserve Niagara.
When the President asked what we could do
to help hs said earnestly, "Get as many Intelli
gent persons and organizations as powlble to
write to their Senators and Congressmen, urg
ing international action to save Niagara."
We ask you. therefore, as an individual to
write at once to your two Senators and to your
Congressmen, asking each of them to become
Interested in this matter. If possible secure
similar action on the part of your friends and
neighbors, and also on the part of organiza
tions of various kinds, including your local
business bodies. Very truly yours,
THE AMERICAN CIVIC ASSOCIATION.
The Susan B. Anthony Club met-Mon
day. December 18. at 2 p. m.. at the Ho
tel Berkshire, at Mrs. Rosetta Baker's
invitation. •
The principal business of the meeting
was the election of officers for the ensu
ing j-ear. "-_ •
Mrs. Austin Sperry nominated Mrs. Isa
bel Baldwin. Mrs. Baldwin has occupied
the position of president for the last year.
In that time she has shown herself a
woman of capability, and was re-elected.
Mrs. Ellen A. Sargent was chosen first
vice president and Mrs. L. W. McCann
second vice president.'
Dr. Averv was nominated for recording
secretary- She. has proved a most effi
cient secretary during the last year and
her election was unanimous. Mrs. Cow
lett was made corresponding secretary,
Mrs. E. J. Mlthon' treasurer, Miss At
kinson and Miss Blda Sperry auditors.
Mrs. C. F. McLtan, from the Susan B.
Anthony Club of Cincinnati, gave a syn
opsis of. the Ohio suffrage convention.
The next meeting will be held at the
Hotel Berkshire at 2 p. m., Monday, Jan
uary 15." J
Among those present were Mrs. A. I*
Stephens, Mrs. C. F. McLean of Cincin
nati, Miss Bede Sperry, Mlbs Janet Wade,
Miss L. Atkinson, Mrs. E. Cameron, Mrs.
, Austin Sperry. Mrs. G. W. Pringle.-Mrs.
i Ellen A. Sargent. Mrs. H. Washburn,
i Mrs. L. U. McCann, Mrs. Isabel Baldwin,
Mrs. E. J. Mithon, Mrs. Elizabeth Wade,
Staal Muller, Miss McDonell.
PERSONALS.
"W. H. McKenna, member of the
Metropolitan Bookmakers' Association
of New, York, is at the St. Francis.
Arthur L. Pearce of New York, prom
inent in mining circles, is at the St.
Francis.
Ex-Congressman E. F. Loud arrived
from the East yesterday to: spend the
holidays .with his family. He is at
the St. Francis. ,
Dr. S. D. Harvey of Minomome, the
Wisconsin delegrate -to the National
Educational 'Association, which is to
meet here in July, is at the St. Francis.
He has come to* Belect headquarters for
the delegates he represents.
Thief Tnkea an Automobile.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 24.— 1t is be
lieved that the first, record of the theft.
of an automobile was m^de this even
ing. A big passenger touring car was
taken from, its "street station by. the
thief, and up to this hour no trace of
It has been found.
THE SAIN I'KAINCISUJ VCALLj /MONDAY; ; DECEMBER 215,: 1905.
SAN FRANCISCO
LAD IS MISSING
Disappearance jof Clarence E.
Close Prompts Inquiry as
to Present Whereabouts
SEATTLE, Dec. 24.— F. M. Gray, local
agent for the Bowers Rubber Company,
with offices at 75* West .Washington
street, has been asked to make a search
for Clarence E. Close, a seventeen-year
old San Francisco boy, who disappeared
at Everett December 2 and is believed by
many persons to have been shanghaied
and taken aboard some foreign vessel.
According to information received by Mr.
Gray, the lad "is from a well-known San
Francisco family. ' Through the manager
for W; R. Grace «: Co., San Francisco
shipbuilders, a placet was secured for
young Close on board the steamship Ca
cique. He was to act as the captain's
cabin boy and be given a chance to work
himself up to a better position later.
The voyage constituted first a trip to
Puget Sound, then a voyage to South
America and possibly around Cape Horn
to New York. It was ah opportunity for
the boy to see the world, and after some
hesitancy the consent of his partnts was
secured. • .. ' •
The steamship went from San Fran
cisco to Seattle and later to Everett,
where it remained for three days loading
lumber. On the night of December 2 the
boy went ashore at Everett with the first
assistant steward, who prevailed upon
him to attend a dance. The boy remained
until 11 o'clock and announced that he
would return to the vessel. From •\u25a0 that
hour all trace of him was lost.
The boy had written to his mother say
ing 'he was well satisfied with his posi
tion, was having a good time and being
treated nicely. ,His clothing was all
aboard the ship and there seems- to be no
ground for believing that he deserted.
Close's parents have concluded that their
son was either shanghaied, fell overboard
and was drowned .or was injured and
taken away by strangers.
The police at Everett were notified, but
they reported that no trace of the lad
could be found. Mr. Gray will go to Ev
erett' to make additional search.
POLICEMEN IN' ST. LOUIS
RAID THE CLUBROOMS
Folk Continue* to . ReniMt Every
Effort to Lift the Lid
in Missouri.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. '2 4. —Nearly 100 club
rooms were raided by the police to-day
and persons found selling liquor were
arrested and .charged' with violating the
Sunday -saloon closing 1 law. ;Since the
strict enforcement of .the. Sunday clos
ing statute clubs "have sprung up; like
mushrooms in. all parts of the city, and
the v raids , were made under .the direct
orders of- Governor Folk, who has de
clared that, he will suppress all of the
so-called "Hd-lifting' r organizations.
In many instances^ the clubs were
raided two or three , times. Upon their
first arrest the" proprietors, . after being
released on 'I bonds," would return' im
mediately 'to* ~the/;clubrooms and .re
open. In several instances threediffer
ent persons were "arrested in. as I many
raids on the same clubroom. As soon
as one was arrested another would take
his place : selling drinks. \u25a0".
Mine. Shaft .Building; Burned.
SPRING VALLEY. 111.. Dec. 24.— The
shaft building of^ the; Marquette Third
Vein Coal Company,: three mile3ffrom
here, , was destroyed by fire : to-day.
loss ; Is estimated "at 's2so,ooo and?,there
Is ' no : Insurance.'. ' One hundred ; mules
were suffocated. The- shaft is sthlrty-^
five years : old arid . had aj capacity,' of
more t han 1 000 } tons s of coal , per " day.'
The 500 miners; will 1 - be* given .work by
the Spring Valley Coar Company.^ The
shaft was •; owned.' by?. the* late': Charles
Devlin of Topeka.
HOLIDAYS DO NOT ABATE
THE NUMBER OF PARTIES
Societu Revefs in Dances. Dinners Re
--, ceptions and-flffairs at Cfiibs. - -
GUFID HAS A FAIR RECORD FOR WEEK
\u25a0The past week has. held the usual
amount of pleasure^ in which, small
abatement has been noticeable with
the proximity of holidays. Club par
ties are particularly energetic with
their dances, dinners and receptions,
though the home circles have also of
fered much entertainment and Cupid
shows a fair record..
ENGAGEMENTS.
Mrs. Winifred E. Rossiter announces
the engagement of , her daughter, Alice
C, to Adoiph Lope Dieckman. The
news was first made public by Mrs.
Rossiter at a card party given recent
ly at her home in Alameda.
. Mr. and Mrs. Lindberg entertained
on December 16 -at their home. 233
California avenue," in honor of their
son's birthday. Dancing,' and games
passed a pleasant evening/ those in 'at
tendance being Mr. Goldberg, Mr.
Mitchell, Frank May, C._ Wells, William
Logeman, Mr. Doran, Mr. Cope, PI.
Brockstead, Mr. Axel. Mr. Holland;
M. Brockstead, Paul Spot, L. Kittler,
A. McDevitt, H. Bloom, Joseph McDon
ald, Mr. Anderson, Mrs. Ruth, Misa
Agnes Grahm, Mrs. Hunt, Miss Ida
Johnson, Miss Theal and Miss Annie
Smith.
• Mr. and Mrs. Grimes announce the
engagement of their daughter Rose to
P. Gross. The wedding will be an
event of the near future.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Newman
announce the. engagement of their
daughter Bernice to Barnard J. Hirsch.
A reception will be held in honor of
the event next Sunday, December 31.
at 2450 Broadway from 3 to 6.
WEDDINGS.
Charles F. Mielenz of this city was
married in Buffalo.; N. V.. December
20,- to Miss Florence Edna Brush of
that place, a daughter of Hazard
Perry Brush. Mr. and Mrs. Mielenz
will soon arrive in California and'
make their home in Oakland.
The weddiiig of Miss .Grace Lillian Rob
inett, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. W.
Robinett, and George T. Beck, third son
of Mr. and Mrs. William T. Beck, took
place Saturday evening, December 16,
at the home of the "bride's parents, 1751
Eighth avenue. The young couple stood
in a lovely bower of evergreens and were
united by the Rev. L. J. Sawyer, pastor
of Hamilton Square Baptist Church. The
bride was prettily attired in white or
gandie and the maid of honor. Miss
Emma Robinett, was gowned in pink or
gandie. Henry Beck attended the groom.
Mr. i and Mrs. Beck will reside in their
own home on Eleventh avenue. Those
present were Mr. and Mrs. George Beck,
Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Robinett,' Mr. and
Mrs. W. T. Beck Sr., Mr. and Mrs.* W.T.
Beck Jr., Mrs. Mary Castell, J Miss Emma
Robinett, Henry Beck, Miss Minnie Beck,
Lawrence Stodolskl, Mr. and Mrs. Bar
clay and daughters, Miss Minnie Laur
ance. Miss Mary 1 H. Harper, Charles H.
White, Charles H. Harper, Henry- >N.
Cllf t, Will S Robinett, Tom \ Robinett, Fred
Fickeldi. ! Miss Etta • Beck,- Miss Bella
Beck and Mrs. Laurancc \u25a0
HOME PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs. George Mosbacher of Oak
land will entertain at a large reception
and dinner -next Sunday at their home,
722 Tenth street. In honor of Rabbi i and
Mrs. M. Friedlander, whose wedding has
been a recent event of Denveir society.
Guests will be received from 2 to 5.
On- Wednesday, December 13, the little
Misses Myldred and Myrtle Roland, twin
daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Ro
land, celebrated tholr \ first birthday at
their residence, 2229 Sixth street, West
Berkeley. The afternoon was very en
joyably spent in games and merry mak
ing, after which a feast of dainties was
enjoyed. Those; present were: Stella and
Carl Beculah, . Marie, Penelope and Will
Jamison. Maude,' Harry, Anna. Earle and
Roland Laddish, Myldred, Myrtle and
Herbert Roland/Lawrence. Georgia and
Dorothy Tubb. Dorothy Pascoe, Irene
Mitchell, Irene Olsen, Llla Ball, Llla and
Netta Jardlne,. Lillian Kellner, Lillian,
Vernon and Emmet ; Luthrell, .Herbert
and Wilhelm Kellner, Otto Suenderman,
Viola Swanson, Hazel Murphy, Alice
Williams, May and Loretta Sloane, Pearl,
Marion and Lilly Low. Inez Gentry, Ade
laide Middleton, Isabell Holstein, Tessie
Meringo,;.;Eda Meringo, Helen and
Dwinell Crowther and Mrs. Pasco. " T;
Miss Inez Boyne was hostess at a most
enjoyable dinner' given In Oakland Sat
urday, her guests Including Captain and
Mrs. Joseph Mathews, Mr. and Mrs. A.
P. Holland, Miss Bessie Jarvis. Miss Mil
dred Boyne, Miss Estella Kleeman, Miss
Nina Boyle, Rufus Smith, Will Jarvis.
Jack Mathew, Lionel Sherwood and Eugen
Farnham.
CLUB PARTIES.
The Deutscher Club reception and dance
will take place at Golden Gate Hall,
Wednesday evening. January 10.'
The pupils of Snell Seminary, Berkeley,
held , an -,'\u25a0 interesting programme in the
gymnasium of their school on the after
noon of December 19,. to. mark the' closing
of the fall term. Exercises of varied
character were most pleasingly given.
' The "V. V." ; Social Club gave its -first
dance, December 16, in Bay Shore] Hall, 37
Leland avenue, g the - hall being tastefully
decorated for the occasion in holly berries
and greens. Interspersed with"the dances
were vocal solos by William Brandt,
•;.. . The .; ;
Announces An Extraordinary
Tues4ay ? s Papers
7 CORPoST&KEARNr SfS; V
whose numbers were very pleasing. . The
guest list Included the following: Mr. and
Mrs.E. Jarvts, Mr. and. Mrs. A. A. Rus
sell, Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Burnett, Mr. and
Mrs; H. Dlehl. Mr and Mrs. L. Porter,
Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Burnett, Mr and Mrs.
William Brandt, Mr. and Mrs. W. Jack
son, Mr. and Mrs.VW. Getz, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Anderton, Mr. and Mrs. George James,
Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Boege, Mr. and Mrs. Steele, Mr. and Mrs.
Delano, Mrs. R. B. Hutchison, Misses Ma
bel Hopper, : Vena Taber, Etta Tesmar,
Lizzie McQuade, Mabel Perm, Annie and
Minnie Anderson, Olga Wenzil, May and
Dora Allsgood, Myrtle Porter, Alice Dan
iels, Messrs. J. Perry, I. Young, J. Thuse,
H. Lampert, E. Jensen, C. Stahele, J.
Russi, A. Grieve, W. French, L. Alls
good, W. Stevenson, L. Hine, W. Wilson,
A. Martel, J. Hart and S. Southworth.
The Suburbanites, a social club of Ross
ValleVj gave a very delightful cotillon
and dance in Armory Hall, San Rafael,
on December 15, the affair being attended
by happy contingents from all the prin
cipal bay towns. . '
Greens, tastefully mingled with bunting,
were used in "decoration. -
i -\u25a0 -j \u25a0 ,• * - • •
Tine pupils of the San Francisco Con
servatory of Music will give a concert
in Lyric Hall next x Friday evening. De
cember 29.
The Mission Club, of which Mrs. J.
W. Felt is -president, Mrs. Charles
Pierce vice president, Mrs. G. C. Cole
secretary and Mrs. H. A. McCall treas
urer, gave a very enjoyable entertain
ment, followed by a banquet and
dance, at Pendo Hall on the evening
of December 5. Following was the
programme: \u25a0 Recitation, \u25a0 Mrs. Lurline
Barbee; soprano solo, Mrs. Everett
Kennedy; tenor solo, Arthur Crusie;
piano solo. Miss Rita Sprague: recita
tion, Mrs. H. A. McCall; contralto solo,
Mrs. Buron Kelly; piano solo, Miss
Viola Brown. h
A ; trolley party was given Saturday
night. December 16. in the car "Her
mosa" by the members of the "K. R."
Club, the following being present:
Miss E. Wonderlich.-Mlss E. Luke, Mies
E. Lily, Miss E. Webb, MiasC. Jepsen,
Miss V. Burrls, Miss E. Walsh. Miss M.
Engle, Miss L. Qulnn, Miss A. O'ReUly,
Miss A. O'Neil, Wesley Todt, Justin
McCarthy, William Peck, Craig Owens,
Dr. Schoenwald, Howard Engle. Har
old Wabbler, William Grant, Andrew
Theusen and Walter Beran.
» PERSONAL.
Mr. and Mrs. N. L.. Walter with their
niece, Miss Ruth Mitchell, left last Tues
day evening for Los Angeles to spend the
winter. As Mr. Walter will return upon
occasional business trips, the i home at
1136 Haight street will not be closed.
Mrs. A. Meyer of Los Angeles, who has
just arrived in town, will receive on
Tuesday at 1863 Geary street.
Mrs. Lily O. Reichling Dyer, founder of
the order of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, has returned, from a five
weeks' trip to Arizona and Old Mexico.
Mrs. Dyer .was accompanied by James
and Rosabelle Conrad, • children of the
late past grand president of the order,
Belle W. Conrad, and she brought home
some beautiful Indian baskets to add to
her already large collection.
Miss Lucy T. Heard -of Sacramento Is
stopping at the Nordhoff.
Mr. " and Mrs. Henry Wolf will receive
to-day at their home, 227 Steiner street.
In honor of the fifteenth anniversary of
their marriage.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Aronstein will receive
on the remaining Wednesdays and Sun
days of this month at 1522 Vallejo street.
General and Mrs. 'A. C. Glrard have re
turned from an Eastern trip and are
located at BD2 Eddy steet.
Miss Tessie Brownstein of Los Angeles
is visiting aM7S6 O'Farrell street, where
she will be at home to callers.
Mr. and : Mrs. T. Solomon announce the
confirmation of their son, Newton, to take
place next Saturday, p December 30, at
Geary Street Temple. " A reception will
be held at the family residence, lGS6*Eddy
street, January 1, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
ROSES COST 930-A DOZEN'
IX THE CITY OF XEW YORK
Dealers Report Christina* Demand for
Flower's Greater Than Ever
Before.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 24. — Blanche
orchid plants were sold for $50 and
$100, according to the number of flow
ers, and American Beauties for ?30
a dozen, more potted plants and cut
flowers have been ordered for Christ
inas this year 'than over before. The
increase in sales over other seasons
has been more than 1 0 per cent, say
leading florists, and they have been un
able to supply the demand for roses.
This increase, they> say. is owing to
the greater population and the good
business conditions.
ANTiaUE JEWELRY STOLEN
FROM A ! SHOW -WINDOW
Glaxn Sniasheil nnil Four Thousand
Dollar*' Worth of Genm Taken
in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. — Four thou
sand dollars' worth of antique jewelry,
including- | diamonds, emeralds, rubles,
topazes and pearls, was stolen early;to
day from the show window of a flrm of
dealers in antiques at 252 Fifth avenue.
The thief smashed the window and
Eeized a- jewel box in which the gems
were exhibited. ' •
THESR % SUITS
And One Hundred and Twenty-Two Others tfj CT
On Sale To-Morrow at - - *P43
fall I ""'ll /7 111 I \ 9*3 \ V \\'V&^
(Sketched From the Suit) (Sketched From the Suit) (Sketched From ih« Suit)
THIS very remarkable 'bargain should interest stylish dressers
as well as money-savers. The suits are all this season's, and
they are tailored to the top notch of perfection from the
fabrics that are held in highest esteem by Her Majesty — the Ameri-
can. Woman. It is really a pity to sacrifice them at $25.00. But we
take stock next Saturday and would rather count dollars than suits.-
See them, if you have any idea whatever of buying a new dress.
All our other suits — from the least expensive to the most costly
— will also be offered at greatly reduced prices this week. So will
all the Covert Coats, Evening Garments, Jackets, Cravenette Coats
'and Separate Skirts. It's the final clearance before inventory— the
time when profit cuts no figure.
AMPSEMEXTS. \u25a0
ftftfl lIME9BA m raurascirs
itULUIVItSI A lEADHB m>V
Two Weeks TTI-NinHT'
Beginning IV-illVllll
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
WM. H.
IN THE FARCICAL. COMEDY HIT,
THE AMERICAN
LORD
By G. H. Broadhurst and C. T. Dazey.
. , Prices $1.50 to 25c.
MATS. SATURDAYS & NEW YEAR'S DAY.
specialmatTneeto-day
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Ye Colonial Septette: Merlan'« Poc»:
Jules and EUn GarrNon: Edcar Blx-
leyj Sisters nnd Ilrotherw Ford: "\VI-
- norm Winter: Caninbell and Jolinwan:
Kloe«i Sl-ttero, and Orphenm 31otloa
I'lctures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— loc. >'5c and 50c.
BUSfi STREET *
CHAS. P. HAL.L,Prop.and M«r. Phone Main 12T
25C MATINEE TO- DAY.
MATINEES TUESDAY. FRIDAY. SATURDAY
AND SUNDAY.
The Renowned • Extravaganza Company, !
BROADWAY GAIETY GIBLS
in a Superb Extravaganza Production of
GLITTERING SYLVIA
Beauty Chorus, Gorgeous Costumes and Effects.
AN ALL-STAR CAST.
Popular Prices-^-Bven'gs, 15c. 25c. 35c, 00c. 73c.
AH Reserved. Matinees. 25c; reserved.
New Year's Week— "THE JOLLY GIRLS."
*&r , Vk9f nwnn&T •*—*•' Ljskm •'©S3**
H "W BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
EVERY EVENII*3 AT 8:15.
HOLIUAY MATIVEE TO-DAY
j Second and Last Week.
FAREWELL TO
THE NKILLS •
In the Extraordinary Holiday Production.
IF I WERE KING
AN ABSOLUTE AND UNLIMITED TRIUMPH
NEVER BEFORE AT POPULAR PRICES.
Tues.. Dec. 26, A. O. X>. W. Night.
Wed " Dec. 27, Commercial Travelers* Night.
• Next Mon. Mat. — "WHEN WE WERE
TWENTY-ONE."
RETURN OF MISS AMELIA GARDNER.
. Evenings— 2sc, 50c, 70c Sat. Mat.— 2sc. 50c.
Bargain Mats. Thurs. and Sun., 25c everywhere
NcwCENTRAL
Tel. South 018. Direction of H. W. BISHOP.
EVERY EVKVIXG AT 8«15.
MATS. SAT.. SUN., AND NEW YEAR'S.
AN OVERWHELMING SUCCESS.
EXTRA HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
Nothing Like It Ever Seen in This City.
.«• The Stupendous Dramatic Triumph,
THE EYE WITNESS
By Lincoln J. Carter.
SEE THE SEAS ATI OXAL LEAPING
AIJTO3IOBILE.
" See th« Deeo .Water Dive and Rescue.
POPULAR PRICES^-Evenings, Isc. 25c, 35c.
50c and 75c. Sat/ and Sun. Mats.. 15c and 25c.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES HALL
Market St.. between Fourth = and Fifth.
THE CALIFORNU PROMOTION COMMITTEE'S
LECTURES.ON CALIFORNIA. •
; Daily . from 2 to .4 , p." m. ] (except Sunday).
Illustrated by Mufrnlficent Stereoptlcon
\u25a0 -Vlewrs . an *l .MoTlnff Pietnre*.
Week Coramenclns DECEMBER 126 TH1 26TH
STAXISLAt'S COIXTY
Presente*^ by H.H.* Whltmore." from 2 t0'2:30.
\u25a0'. ALAMEDA CITY . ''' - -
Presented by John H.-Hartog, ; from 2:30 to 3.
SAX JOAQ.UIN, COUNTY ~ u \
Presented by ; CoJvin B. Brown, from 3 to 3:30.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
Presented by M. . I. Jordan, from 3:30 to 4.
NO LECTURE ON CHRISTMAS DAY.
ADMISSION -FREE.
Weekly Call, $1 Per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
A MERRY CHRISTMAS.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT.
Grand Christmas Extravaganza.
ORPHEUS
IN HADES
A Treat for Old and Vminx Children.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Lsual Tlvoll Pric;a 250. 50c, 75a
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
ALICE NIELSEN
AND HER ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY
In Donizetti's Charming Opera.
"Don Pasqiiale"
SEATS NOW ON SALE— S2.OO. $1.50. $1.00. 80a
THIRD WEEK
I Of America's Greatest Tragedienne. i
NANCE O'NEIL
Heelnnias 3IATINEE TO-DAY.
ALL WEEK— MATS. WF.D. AND SAT..
First Time In San- Francisco, Maeterlinck's
Dramatic Masterpiece,
MONNA VANNA
NANCE O'NEIL as MONNA VANNA.
fcPrices— 23c. 50c. 75c. $1.00: Box Seats |1.30 l
AT r* A r7 A T^Beiasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR B^rsss:
General Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
CHRISTMAS MAMMEE TO-DAY
Gorgeous Spectacular Production of Mark
Twain's Famous 16th Century Romance.
The Prince and
the Pauper
Beautiful Scenery. Costumes and Music an*
OLLIE COOPER in the Dual Role.
Evps.. 23c to 75c: Mats. Sat. Sun.. 25c to 50c.
NEXT WEEK — Wlti New Year's Mat.,
The Universal Laugh Provider.
A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND.
ALHAMBRA
Cor. cf Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone East 137 T.
BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietors.
Matinee To-day. »AU Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
. The World— Renowned Champion,
808 FITZSIMIVIOiMS
In Hal Reald's Great Drama,
A FIGHT FOR LOVE
Special Engagement of the Olympic Hub Fay*
. orlte and Amateur Champion Heavyweight.
. , SAM BERGER
Fitzsimmons and Berger Appear In Every Aot.
' Prices— Evenings. 10c to 50c
Matinees. 10c. 15c. 25c,
Afternoons at 3. Evenings at 9. No
Intermissions.
Bothwell Browne's Spectacular Musical Bur-
CLEOPATRA
UP-TO-D ATB. ••; V
EUNICE GIL.MAN and
200 CLEVEh CHII,DRK\ In the CAST.
\ GORGEOUS EXTRAVAGANZA!
FUN and FROLIC for YOUNG and OLD!
Open air attraction— BAßNES* DIVING ELKS.
No Increase In Prices.
PRESENTS FOR ALL CHILD VISITORS
THIH AFTERNOON.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION ..10c I CHILDREN 5c
Phone for B*aia Paciflc 301.
Bail!
New xfjTJocley
Galifoiia p^ \u25a0 Gl
IN6LESIDE RACETRACK
Six or more races , each week day. rain 'or
ihlne. Races commence at 2p. m. sharp. Tak«
street cars from any part ef the city. For
special trains stopping at the track taka 3. ¥.
train at 3d and Townsend sts. at 1:13 p. nu
Returning, train leaves track after last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. PtmJOsM.
PERCY W. TREAT. B«cr«taix.
78
A "SPARE ROOM" PROPERLY ADVERTISED
THE^CAUi
JOIIX D. SPRECKEL.S Pi-oprietor
Address Communicaticns to
JOHN' McXAUGHT Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Business 31anager;
TELEPHONE.
Ask for 'THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office". ...Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies .. Ctm_.
Terms by Mail Including Postage (Casn Wltn
Order): I
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year..sS.w
I>AILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos 4.W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month n '->e
SUNDAY CAU.. 1 Y-ar -J»
WEEICLY CALL. 1 Year > l - w
POSTAGE. \weeldy-";\ weeldy-"; I.<W Per Year Kxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS" AHE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
' 6«mp!e Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
>ND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
<juest. ._~i.C /_
OAKLAND OFFICE:
2016 'Broadway Telephone Mala 1083
*j • ALAMEDA OFFICE:
KSS Park Etreet. Near Santa Clara Arena*.
Phone Alameda 559.
.. "• BERKELEY OFFICE,
• B4S Center Street Telephone Xorth 77
. " WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M. E. CRANE HO6 G Street, N. W.
*." NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, 31
Utilon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotfcl and Hoffman House.
' " . * • CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
• .Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
H«>t«l; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building
(Long L'iftanr; Telephone. "Central 2C19.")
* NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPIIEN 3. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
*C. C. CAHLPON Herald Square
, JTT^TT.ESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
comer Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every right in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOCS Market etreet cposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
COO Montgomery aye. ; open until 9 p. m.
SCO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
6C9 McAllister Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
Cl»> Larkin street; open until »:30 p. va.
1641 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Jini Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JOHti Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
op*-n urst:] i» p. m.
2290 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
4314 J street, near Ocean Boulevard; open
until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15. l?>4>li _^
A A. at M. M. and P.— \ '>^r^*rrrni \u25a0
Installation of officers Tin? ;tsL' s J23*B^^
(MONDAY) EVENING. De- R^^ 3 *^
«mb»r 25. at 6 o'clock, r
Members are earnestly requested to attend.
, JOHN McFARLAND. Captain.
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
» JESSIE MACLACHLAN. Uie Scot- -<Jl
• -:: prima donna, assisted by %^g>§
John McLinden, the eminent 'cello %2«v\JC
virtuoso, ar.d Robert Buchanan, atvS
solo ria-rii^t and conductor, under *?s.v
\u25a0*the auspices of Clan Fraser No. •* j
'»*, O. S. C. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason
r\., «pvenlr.ps of TUESDAY. December 26, and
THURSDAY. December 2S. Cliange of pro-
gramme Thursday night. Admission T.Oc. re-
served seats $1. COMMITTEE.
THE annua! meeting of the stockholders of
• Wells. Fargo Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco. Cal . will be held at its banking-
Vcuse SCI Montgomery Et., San Francisco,
Ca!.. en TUESDAY. January 0. 1006, at 3:15
•j\ m., for the flexion of directors to servn
during the ensuing year, and for the trans-
action cf such ether business as may come
before the meeting.
F. L. LIPMAN. Secretary.
AT-rORXEVS-AT-LA^VV; |
SDIVOnCH; cost«=. Sl2; quick, quiet; advice free; !
no i>c in advance; no charge unless success- |
ful: optn cvngs; wills, deeds, leases, bills cf I
*s!e. and articles of copartnership; corpora- 1
\ior.s organized: bankruptcy; collections; pro-
bating of estates. 927 Market, r. SOL
R. W. KING, .Mtorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
fith floor, entrance room Cll ; established 20
years: ail ccurt?, generi.l courts and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVJCB fre*; legal divorce costs $12; all law i
ca.f^f- rankled; no fee in advance; open Sat-*j
urday evening?; other evenings hy appoint- J
"I ment: call ai;d yave money. fc!9 J.lkt.. r. 33. I
COLUMBIAN Law and Col. Ag.. r. S5. 916 I
Market, ojip. Kmporium; tel. Montgy. 1310;
l*ga! mattery and collections: old established.
il. L. RYAN, Atty-at-Law. 114S Market, cpp.
Hales'; courts; advice; collections: open evgs.
L. S. CLARIC, 927 Maiket. room 302. consulta-
tlon free; no fee In advance. Open evenings.
DETECTIVES.
ALL kinds of cases handled; business strictly
confid< utiai: charges reasonable.
CO4 Montgomery St.. room 204.
ACCOI- XTA NTS.
ACCOUNTANTS ferviees, $10 and upward per
month; include* kecp'njj your books; examin-
ations and finar.oiai statements made; private
iristruc. bookkeeping, etc. SO9 Market, rm. 03.
A UTOMOBI LE S.
2 AUTOMOBILES; want to exchange, or for
valuable p»tent!»; S3IK.K) in cash; in England
end Canada, which could be sold to doctors,
hospitals. ep<»c!all£ls, and smaller one to al-
imm every 'amlly la the country. Box 2757,
FOR ta\>>— 2o-22 horsepower, 4 -cylinder, '04
BCotlet, beet American car, good order, at bar-
gain; have ordered ncvy car of greater power
U' only reason Tor selling. N. F. Preesey
Auio Livery, ccr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
ISCO >iODEL Compounds arrived: prize-win-
ner in 700-mi!c economy test; demonstrations
<!a>. Right. S. F. Auto Co.. Inc.. 416 Ninth.
FOU sale— A fine steam automobile Model '01:
fine running order. Box 2<vrj. Call office.
CADILLAC automobile for sain, $'>;0; good run-
ning order. Box 2702. Call office.
'A a n ysn tisixg.
JEAN" CASSINA. ad writing, catalogues, cir-
culars, programmes, cards. Room 28, Au-
yprait hulldir.g.
ROAIUJIXG FOR < 'lIIi.DKE.V.
GOOD home for child over 4 years; mother's
<-ari»; room for parent. 22 Ash aye.
LADY war.ts child to board; leach German;
winny home; garden: by a park. 1138 Turk.
BOOKKEKPIVG.
U"T us keep ycur books: nothing too large,
r.cthlng too small; we make a. specialty of
keeping small sets of books.
THE rAXON-JAMES AUDIT CO..
Trl. Montgomery 1311. 930 Market st.
I^UU^EjT-IJEJkTIi^^
COMPRICSSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
csrpets end rugs also cleaned by compressed
»ir at fchep; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
rresKed Air Cleaning Company, 30S Market
phoae Main J52 aad Bush 479.
WHEN yen become disgusted with your work,
*-*nd f*ir SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet Beat-
lrg Works. 353-357 Tthama et. Tel. South 40.
MATTRKHSES made over at your house; hand
pick. $! 50. H. JOHNSON, upholsterer and
.Krpet layer. 1441 Ellis' Ft-; phone West 4535.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1609 Har-
rison et. : Al cleaning. 3c. Phone Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet Cleaning Co., J. McQueen
l-ropriPtor. 529 Guerrero ft.; tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 gutter st.:
t»l. Main 334. GBO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth et. — First-class
carpet ' cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
BUDOLPH & CO.. carpet beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel.Mission 263.
LAuxnnißs.
j JAPANESE laundry and dry cleaning work.
f i 322 FiUmore «.; teL Geary 2053.
i ~
V BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— *ISOO; RESTAURANT and chophouse, near
Kearny and Montgomery; rent $75; monthly
pales $1000; cause of sale, owner to retire.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— ssOo- HALF interest in coffee and tea store;
choicest location In the Mission; rent $22 50;
owner engaged in other enterprise only cause
of disposing. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny Et. . \u25a0
A— ssso; RESTAURANT: established many
years; clears $150 per month; rent $25; -lo-
cation the very best: owner wishes to go to
Europe cause of sale. R. G. WILKE, »'6H
Kearny »t.
A— s4sO; WOOD and coal yard, south of Mar-
ket; rent $2O; lease; 2 horses, 2 wagons;
death in family only cause of sale. : R. G.
WILKE. 24*4 Kearny at.
A—s9so;A — $950; SALOON on water front, opp. ferry
building; net rent $CO. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C J ,i Kearny st.
A— sl4oo; OYSTER and chop house close to
Market and Fourth sts.; rent $50; dally re-
cepts. $40; well established; good business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A—s2oo;A — $200; CORNER cigar stand; close to Palace
Hotel: rent only $20; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
26^4 Kearny at. , >.
A— sl6,ooo; CORNER saloon on Market St..
close to First; lease; one of -the best places
In this city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26K- Kearny -at.
A— s2soo; CORNER grocery and bar; near
German Hospital; place established years; a
good business; owner a widow; wants to go
to Germany. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
$1200 — SALOON in tenderloin; a money-
maker; will bear investigation.
$2000 — Restaurant; centrally located.; rent
$65; receipts $45 daily.
$1400 — Good paying bakery in Al location;
sales $85 per day; rent $50 per month, with 5
llvlns rooms.
$10,000 — Have good butter and egg proposi-
tion; want a man as partner with above
amount. -'\u25a0.!, J: t -
S2S(X> — French laundry, with all tools, ma-
chinery, horse, harness and wag-on; also 6 liv-
ing rooms upstairs, all furnished; rent $45.
$?.00O— Factory and art store; picture frames,
stationery, artists' materials, etc. ; stock will
invoice price asked; old established; and a
money-maker.
$4000 — Sawmill, CO hp. boiler and engine,
with complete equipments; will sell half in-
terest.
Do you want a business of any kind? If »o,
drop us a line, or, better still, call on us and
let us show you what we have.
Have you anything to 6ell in California? If
so we wculd ask you to give us a trial.
CALIFORNIA BUYERS' UNION,
]251-j3-r>s James Flood bldg..
San Francisco.
' PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY, \u2666
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
Seventh and Market sts.
GET FREE LISTS.'
LARGEST. BEST, MOST RELIABLE.
Manufacturing — Rare chance for capable,
pushing business men; safe and profitable in-
vestments, with services.
Manufacturers' agent wants partner; desir-
able lines.
Kare saloon bargains on Fourth, Third, Mc-
Allister and other gotxJ streets.
Mark«t-st. cigar stand snap: others on
Fourth and Sixth, etc.: should see them.
From ?300 to $1600 — Confections and notions.
All parts city — Restaurants and dellcatcs-
Yo'uß CAPITAL FITTED FROM OUR LISTS.
OPEN SUNDAY -AND CHRISTMAS UNTIL j
PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY.
419-420 Grant building. Phone South 1070.
" FOR SA.LE AT SACRIFICE.
Fine CUrar Store.
Right in heart of Oakland. Thousands of
people passing to and fro daily. Next to
E. P. ticket office on Seventh Et., near Broad-
way. This is your opportunity to step Into :
a well payine business and a good income.
For full particulars call or address
BAY CITIES REALTY CO..
477 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
WANTED — A partner with small amount ot
capital In a legitimate business proposition
with no chances to take but net large profits
en investment; this is not a get rich quick
scheme, but a clean, respectable business;
will stand investigation. Particulars of box
Bi£>9. Call office.
FOR SALE — A nicely located hotel on one of
the bej=t business streets In San Francisco;
wfH patronized; paying good profits: brick
building; fireproof; price $5000; small mort-
gage: if you are a hotel-keeper you can
make this place pay big. Address box 2761,
Call office. \u25a0 ' \u25a0
FOR SALE— In Central California, a general
merchandise store with 10 acree In orchard,
fl\e-room house, horses, cows, wagons, farm-
ing ar.d gardening utensils, windmill and
tankhouse; is nearly new and well built;
price $650 Q. Box 3407. Call office.
FOR SALE — In good country* town in Marln
County, general merchandise store, including
tinware, willowware. crockeryware and g!ans- j
ware; wiM sell at invoice; rent $27 50 per |
month. Further particulars of box 2650.
Call office. \u25a0'
TRIAL given before buying in light profitable
business; small capital required; a man will-
ing to take hold and make hlmeelf useful is
needed; must be satisfied with $25 to $35 a
week. Cell to-day, 759 Market St., room 11.
$2500 — BAZAAR, stationery ana furnishing
goods store: best' location in city: full value
in stock and fixture; established 17 years;
doing good business: long lease; low rent.
Box 27'Jl. Call.
ONE of tKe very best modern apartment houses ;
now, grand location, long lease, large house;
this is an opportunity that seldom offers; see
and be convinced; no agents; no commission.
Box 2754. Call office.
WILL sell big paying retail burlness; will not
sacrifice if you are willing to pay what it is
worth; write; poor health. Box 393. Chlco,
Cal. \u25a0
HAVE had experience In real estate business
and desire a partner to open place ol busi-
ness; one with experience: "a good rustler;
If interested address box 2763, Call office.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, a delica-
tessen store •In good location; four years'
ieaet at $30 per month; four living rooms;
v. ill sell reasonable. Box 2779. Call office.
WANTED — To purchase a stock of general
merchandise in Fresno or Ventura county;
iio limit to size of steely give full particu-
lar.". Box 34G9, Call office.
WANTED — To connect myself with some per-
son in the produce and commission business
In San Francisco. Address with experience,
tox 3408. Call office.
FRUIT store at great sacrifice; doing - good
business: 3 living rooms in connection; good
location: splendid opportunity for man and
wife. Call at 151 Ninth st.
WANTED — Two young men with $200 — Each
to join party on prospecting trip to Mexico.
Bex 4505. Call.
BOOKS, stationery, notions, cigars, etc.; clean
rtock. 3 nicely furnished rooms; cheap rent;
mako offer. Pacific Business Assn.. 3 Taylor.
WANTED— To Invest In good, legitimate busl-
ress proposition from (1000 to $2000. Ad-
dress brx 2780. Call office.
WANTED — A stationery store with cigars and
tefcacco attached: in a good location. Send
particulars to box ICO7, Call office.
TO Investors — A good place to open sroce.rv
tuslnffs with bar deelred. Full particulars,
box 2950. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale /In Berkeley; near
railroad: good patronage; doing fine business.
Box 2962. Call office.
CORNER saloon on Folsom st, close In; good
If-catlon; central: low price. Particulars of
box 1659. Call office.
WANTED — Capital" to manufacture electrical
apparatus tor physicians' use; splendid ln-
vostment. Box 2749. Call.
NEWSPAPER route for sale In Oakland; a
good Ca!l route in Oakland for sale. Apply
at Call business office for particulars.
WELL established employment office for
sale. Box 2734. Call.
MAN to drive laundry wagon; $65 per month
- or commission; $400 required. 3372 Mission.
$125 — A SNAP; good paying delicatessen store
for sale; 2 living rms.; rent $15. 1342 Larkin..
GOOP opportunity for wagon and carriage
smith to do business. -300 Gough st: v .
FOR SALE — The whole or half interest in a
Job printing establishment. Box 2678,; Call.
WANTED — To buy a saloon; state location.
Box 2CCI. Call office. ' \u25a0 ' . ,
CANDY and ice cream parlors for sale;, cen-
tral location.- Box 2975, Call office.
A GOOD paying business for sale. Address
box 439. Healdsburg, Cal.
NEAT chopbouse, close to big car barn, for
sale; rent $20. Inquire 1228 Flllmore st.> .-. -
$50 CAPITAL wins $12 daily: positive proof.
BLAIR. 835 Market it.room 1.
A BARGAlN— Tlcninsr,' plumbing and " repair:
keeps 2 men busy. Box G5, Soquel, Cal.:.
FOR /tale — A grocery. \u25a0 liquor and delicatessen
store on Sixth st., $1000. 65 Sixth 6t.
$200— CORNER cigar store, with laundry of-
flce: rent $10. 401 Third at.
FOR . SALE— Lunch counter business. 527
Sansonte at. Cheap.
GOOD Call route for eale. Apply at Call
office. ". .. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEAIBER 25. 1905.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR V.S ALE.
• MARION GRIFFINv v
970 Market St.. room 801, eighth floor.
ROOMING-HOUSES and REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE. FREE LIST.
FISHER & -C0. ...... ......Ph0ne Main 3354
Room 438 James Flood building.
Furnished- rooming-houses', ' hotela and flats.
LODGING house for- eale; on -Ellis St.; close
In; 25 rooms; price reasonable. Box 2775,
Call office.
LODG ING-HOUSES WANTED.^
WANTED— A lodging bouse about 25 or 30
rooms; wilj pay part Aash, balance In Install-
ments. Box 2963, Call office. \u25a0
-£y CLAUIVOVA^^— __^
AA— PROF. NIBLO, -
ASTRAL DEAD-TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
MY $5 COMPLETE LIFE READING $1. .
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
mak e no charge if I fail to call you by name In
full, names of your friends, enemies or rivals. I
promise to tell you whether your husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false; tell you how to
gain the love of the one you most desire, -even
though miles away; how to succeed in business,
speculation lawsuits; how to marry rhe one of
your choice; how to regain youth, health ana
vitality; removes evil influences, cures drink
habit, locates treasures, cures nervous diseases.
How can I have good luck?
How can I succeed In business?
How can I make my home happy?
How can I marry the one I choose 7
How soon can I marry? "
How can I make any one love me .
How soon will my lover propose?
How can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad influences?
How can I control any one?^
How can I hold my husbands- love?
How can I keep my wife's love?
HOURS 10 TO 8 DAILY AND SUNDAY.
411 A ELLIS ST., NEAR JONES.
• Permanently located in his own home.
PROF. NIBLO. ,
A— MISB M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.
Clalrvovant crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life; Miss Wille guarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past: gives correct, forecast of your fu-
ture; advises you on Important affairs,
whether financial, domestic, love or business;
gives the secret how to control, charm, fas-
cinate the one you love; reading, $1; 4>ours
10-8 p. m.; French. German. English spoken.
_____ _____ \u25a0 —
THE EGYPTIAN CLAIRVOYANT AND
PALMIST.
Permanently located at ,1104 Market St.,
rooms 9 and 10, cor. Turk JVendome); pri-
vate readings daily. 10 a. m. to f> p. m. ;
S questions answered. »1 : full life. $5.
LINCOLN,
Clairvoyant and psychic; the dldfst and best
known clairvoyant in San Francisco. Re-
opened at The Heath. 332 Eddy st. Hours 10
to 5. Readings by mail. $2.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess ;'
L., 50c; G.. $1. 1035 Flllmore, nr. McAllister.
MME KKONKNBERG, clairvoyant, card read-
er, 'palmist; wtun others fall try me: good
reading 25c: no sign. 102H 6th. nr. Mission.
Miss Melbourne, clairvoyant, palmist, mystic
card reader; guarantees satisfac. 1228 Markt.
SEND date of birth and 2 stamps for a pen
picture of yrmr life. H. HILL. 120 Sutter st.
MRS. SHAFFER, permanently located at 558
Stevenson st. : hours 9 to 9: open Sundays.
SPIRITUAIjISM.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 120G Market, r. 10, Gait Houre.'
MRS. LESTER'S circles S p. m.. except Thura..
10c; read, dally; mines a specialty.. .9s Sixth.
CASSINO, ' wonderful gifted healing medium,
cures hopeless cases quickly. 110 6th St., r. 6.
MRS. E. J. WILLIAMS, spiritual' adviser, has
no equal In city. 110 Sixth St.. room 8.
HYPNOTISM.
NERVOUS, mental ills, habits cured; no drugs.
DE LAUFF. magnetist. 773 Eddy, near Van
Ness.
CURE FOR RUPTURE. _
NO high-priced, painless (?) treatments to
cure , Rupture; eimply wear Dr. Plerce's
Truss, and it will do the work I Sold 30
years: thousands cured. Call or address
ELECTRIC TRUSS CO.. 206 Kearny st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., '415
Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5550.
DENTISTS.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL COMPANY.
Perfect, painless dentistry at lowest prices.
Fudd set of teeth, ?2; silver fillings, 25c; gold
fillings, $1; gold crowns. $3; bridge work, $3.
1104 Market St.. corner Turk.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
platee, $5; full net; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, near 11th—
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
LOWEST prices in S.- F- ;-p4lnlees extraction,
50c. New York Dentists, SCO Mission, cor.Cth.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowne, $2, no
pain; op. Sun. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.lOl^ Grant ay.
dressmaj^R3|and seamstresses
ACCORDION, knife and sunburst plating;
buttons and button holes made at Stewart's
Lining and Trimmings Store. 14-16 Taylor st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Eve, class; patterns cut. 1190 Market at.
DAY AND CONTRAJCT^VORK^^^
$3 50 WILL paper any ordinary room; work
guaranteed. Box 2743, Call office.
EDUCATIONAL. *
A CHANCE for every young man to improve
Intellectually; brains is money; you may in-
crease your salary by Increasing your, earn-
ing power; the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation conducts the most complete system
of night schools in the country;. 32,000 stu-
dents enrolled ; San Francisco Association
building. NE. cor. Mason and Ellis sts.,, of-
fers exceptional facilities for a business and
commercial education; if you have only one
hour a day to devote to study, give us a
chance to help you; every branch taught
from the fifth grade to preparation for the
i university; business course a speclaltyivthe
day classes are open to all men; the night
classes are a great convenience. Holla V.
Watt, president; H. J. McCoy, general secre-
tary. Send for -descriptive catalogue to E.
E. ESDON. Director of Education, Associa-
1 tlon building. \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-. ( - .'
ENGINEERING— CiviI, elec. mm.. mech.; sur-
vey uasay, cyanide; day. eve; est. ISC4. Van
der Naillcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HKALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1803; largest in the West; annual
enrolment 1000; send for circular. ....
DANCING, both adult. and children's' classes,
now open at Hinman's School of Dancing, '
1412 Polk St., nr. California; phone East 2126.'
ZITHER, violin, mandolin and guitar lessons.
50c. \u25a0- 528 Hickory aye.. bet. Oak and Felt
stE.. near Webster. '
A — THE \u25a0 Lyceum, "an -excellent preparatory
school for university,' law and medical 'col-
leges; we prepared hundreds of students sue-
ccssfuljy and we shall ; prepare you ; day,'
evening session; references President Jordan
or "any Stanford professor. Phelan. building.
A — THE Osborn Conservatory of Music and
Store; 0000 pupils; Steinway Hall I bldg..- 223
" Sutter st.. S. F. ; 1069 ' Broadway; ,; Oakland:
512 S. Broadway, ' Los \u25a0 Angeles; pianos, har-
mony, vocal, stringed Instruments; also brass
Instruments free to. beginners.; ;- . :
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUS.COL.. 933 Market.'
conducted by Robert F. 1 ! Gallagher,-, expert
- court reporter," holds world's record for short-
hand writing; ' successful himself, will make
you so; shorthand, typing, bookpg. Catalogue.
ALL who desire good \u25a0-_ position should attend
this college ; we have had 250 good ; places
, since March 1. San , Francisco Business Col-
. lege. 738 Mission st. , ;. J . \u25a0.-\u25a0-\u25a0«.--
HFALD'S School of Mines and Engineering,- 24
-Post st.y S. F.;civil, mining,. electrical, steam
and gas engineering. .; Send for prospectus.
A— METROPOLITAN-Callfornia-Students jotn-
\u25a0 cd. Business, Stenographic. - H25 Golden* Gate.
A special class preparatory to \u25a0 teachers' ; exam-
inations, or State nor. T schls. 333 Phelan bldg.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION '" Day.and
\u25a0PARTTNGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night classes.-
J^JSMI'l I2XJISS?' OFFICES.' *
AN, up-to-date; Japanese-Chlnesesemp.-:- office;
r furnishes reliable help i of all' kinds promptly.
H. KIODA.- 405 Post^st.: tel: * Jamen \u25a0 501. \u0084 ;
STAR Employment' Office— Reliable:? Japanese
\u25a0 and Chinese help furnished ?.wlth : care.'. -W. \u25a0
KADOTA. 409 Powell; aU'.i telr. Main 1751.-V
OLDEST. Japanese-Chinese I Employment | Office
• promptly furnishes all r kinds: of reliable; help. 4
George Sakauye,;42l Posf st.:- tel. .'Bush, 135.'.
A— JAPANESE and V Chinese ;: help, "o WM.'
YOSH Y. ' 415 > Stockton ; at. : : tel. Bush : 559.
_JH- \u25a0 MM — Mi KM, jlp _ a*— ft%» - \u25a0 ' : \u25a0 . .\u25a0 j, 'i Ti in r— "•\u25a0Tfiinf imr t^ - n i i "V» '
' ?!>? !> J [P . L '? YM^T L OFjFlCES— Coatlnoed.
'AN old i estab! : (1850) Chinese «mp. office. C.
\u25a0 CHONG'S. removed to 618 Pine ;tel. Grant 156
H. W. HONG, 1113 A Clay st.; Chinese employ-
ment ' office: . be«t I help.' Tel.; East 426. - .<
Finest Japanese help; house-cleaning specialty;.
' Geo. R.- Kuniabe, 343 Mason ; tel.; James 6251. .
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE. Chinese help of air kinds furnish-
ed: house-cleaning; 708 Taylor:; James 7&"6.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help.; 315 Stockton; Main 518 S.
EM PL O i"M ENT ? AVA ATE D— FE3I A LE.
A REFINED and : cultured lady who has had
long experience in the care and management
of private boarding and apartment.: hous.es
is seeking an engagement as t manager of.
1 some first-class apartment-house: is a careful
and successful - manager- references ex-
changed. For interview address MRS. A. T.,
1225 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER; Eton Jackets, tailored suits,.
evening gowns and coats;. work taken homo;
up-to-date designs; fits guaranteed; satisfac-
tion given; few more engagements per day
or week. 336 Polk st., near McAllister, top
flat.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, thoroughly compe-
tent, would Ilka position to do light house-
work and cooking; wages $15 to $20 and car-
fare. Call or addresa 927 -Washington st.
A YOUNG and refined German lady, lately
from the East, desires a position as a house-
keeper, either in city or country. Call or
address 2390 Mission st.
AN expert lady stenographer and typist, accu-
rate and rapid, desires either, a temporary or
permanent position. Address P. O. box"34,
or phore East 2019. \
ENERGETIC Japanese woman would like place
'In city where she could learn any kind of
work; Is willing. 417 Jones st. ; phone East
.3C15. •
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of housework or washing and Ironing by the
• day. Address 111 Ninth St., or phone How-
, ard 2536. .
A YOUNG, willing woman would like, a posi-
tion to do cooking and general housework.
Address or call 211 Twenty-seventh at., up-
stairs.
YOUNG woman, thoroughly competent, wishes
position to take care of sick or an Invalid;
will work by day or week: best of references.-
Address 705 Ellis St., or phone East 9518.
A STRICTLY reliable colored girl would like
a position as lady's maid, or would do light
chamberwork or housework; no : washing.
Phone East 9.101.
AN elderly lady would like a place In the
country where she could assist with light
hoasework; small wages. Address MRS. M.,
322 Rltch at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman who Is good cook and
thorough housekeeper would like a position
in a small family of adults. Call at 359
Minna st. . \u25a0 . ...
A COMPETENT and willing young ; woman
would like work In private houses, either
washing or cleaning. Address or call 315
. Linden aye.
EXPERIENCED woman wants work a few
hours a day; kitchen; boarding-housa or no-
tel. Apply 311^ Jessie st.. in basement.
YOUNG woman would like place as working
housekeeper in widower's family. Apply 455%
Minna st. , -.
STENOGRAPHER with ten years' experience
d-eslres permanent position as bookkeeper and
to do stenographic work. Box 2760. Call.
LADY who is strong and willing wishes posi-
tion to do cooking or general housework in a
nice family. -Address 850 Market St., rm. 14.
YOUNG woman would like to do /work by . tha
day In private houses or rooming houses.
Address or call 161 Seventh st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position In
good American family, or will assist where
extra help is needed. Address L., 1505 Polk.
DRESSMAKER desires engagements by the
day; accustomed to the finest work; street
and Evening gowns. Phone East 3653. •
A GOOD Japanese girl would like position to
do general housework in private family. Call
191G Howard St.; phone Church 3660.
LADY who is neat and «ulck | sewer desires
sewing by the day. Phone Scott 3415.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALES.
A RELIABLE, energetic \u25a0 young: married man
wishes a position with large wholesale ' or
retail firm after Jan. 1 ; now \u25a0 emdoyed by
dairy and farm supply house; business and
college education: understands mining ma-
chinery; handy with tools; office' , work pre-
ferred; can furnish best of references. Box
27?1, Call office. - * ..-\u25a0_;-
YOUNG man. aged - 23 ; years, residing , with
parents, . desires position las j clerk lor assist-
ant; wholesale house preferred; is a willing,
faithful worker and would give : employer his
best efforts : good references If desired. Ad-
dress "H. 0.." 161CA Turk St.
MAN thoroughly experienced in all kinds of
agriculture, stock raising, irrigation or grad-
ing land desires situation as superintendent;
has best of references. > Address F. M.
BEEBE. 475 Thirty-eighth St., Oakland.
A PAPERHANGER and painter, first-class-,
quick, up-to-date mechanic, wants situation;
I must have employment; will work for
$2 50 per day: city or country. Box 3945,
Call office.
WATCHMAKER, young man, would like poal-
• tion anywhere as .watchmaker's, assistant;,
hashad experience at bench; also 9 months'
school experience in East: has tools. JAS.
H. LEHMANN. 405 Geary st. . j
WANTED — A position as improver to the ma-
chinist's trade by a young man who has had'
tw;> and a half years' S experience at lathe,
drill press and bench; low wages. Box 1958,
1008 Market Bt. , :. -.'\u25a0.- ' \u25a0, '
HOTEL man, competent, reliable, mature age,
expsrienced all around, wants position as
clerk, night or day," or manager; city or
country: fine references. Box- 2744,' Call."
CUTTER and . tailor — Energetic young man,
with some experience, wishes a position as
assistant cutter: no objection to salary if
steady. Box 4801. Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY gentleman, agea 30 years,
would like \u25a0 position with business firm as
clerk or collector;- will cheerfully ; furnish
bonds. Address R. L. , D. . 6 \u25a0 Monroe st.
DANISH man wants' situation as; plain gar-
. dener. care of | horses poultry; * can ' milk;
beat of reference. r Address ANDREW
JOHNSON. 331 . Kearny St., room 44. -\u25a0-,
BUTLER, flrst-class, English, desire* situa-
tion; moderate salary-u nimpeachable Cali-
fornia and Eastern references. HENRY
v-COLPEES. 1126 Market: st. : ' \u0084.".'.
A SOBER and industrious '\u25a0 Dane, 40 years of
-age. desires housecleaning and Janitor work:
good references. Apply or address 1629
Golden Gate aye. . -.
FIRST-CLASS young ~ bookkeeper and general
office man, Al references, desires permanent
position- in city or nearby town with' firm
who appreciate ability. Box 2767. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by - traveling salesman;
California territory?* acquainted with 'general
'trade: references; Urnd it . necessary. Box
2TC6. Call office. \u0084 . • - \u25a0
SITUATION.:. wanted by man with technical
.. education and flolU-^expenence as asst. • engi-
.. neer nnd transitman; >refs. - 80x<2777. Call.: :
YOUNG man speaking several . languages : and
of good address and appearance. is anxious to
obtain a position. Addresa G.'A.,' 558 Stelner.
FIRST-CLASS steam and, gas fitter would like
\u25a0 position; no objection' to \u25a0 country place.
; Phone East 4481. . \u25a0 .. V
A GOOD bartender would like city position;
can give good references. Address D. H..
-1402 Polk st. , -... r ; \u25a0: \u25a0 ' .- ;
A' REIJABLE man wants situation' as night
. .watchman; references.*: Address- I. 8.,' 205
.Third et. \u0084 r. \u25a0
YOUNG man would like : situation In grocery
store: experienced. Box 2756, Call office.
Al PAPER-HANGER and painter wants sltua-
tion; go anywhere If steady. Box 2736. -Call.
COOK and pastry cook ; best reference, i 1177
.' Howard st.. room ' 14. / » ; -,-\u25a0,>. •; f v.":
! YOUNG man \ would i like situation -in grocery;
; experienced: Philadelphia^. Box J 275 C. -\u25a0; Call.
EXPERIENCED : hotels' manager desires \u25a0 en-
.,-..- gagemer.t. Address Manager, box; 27«8,; Call. ;
YOUNG Japanese of experience wishes ; position :
Vas schoolboy or., housework;: wages ? can :; be
• ' email ; good place . more desired ; | speaks stood '
' '; English. ' Address 715 ' Sacramento ' St., ;\u25a0 or
phone Black- 1871. ...
Japanese •; couple V want <si tuatlons X In "..' private
\u25a0 family; man as lst-class fancy; cook &Lwif?
: as waitress," housework;'. wlth"s refslTtUJTymlJ
'experience. M. Shlra. 465 Jessie;; tel." Mint 591.-
A FAITHFUL young Japanese boy "wishes pbsl-":
t Ion ; as school , boy : : In •. small I family. * Call or
address -> n. X., 442 Devisadero | st. ; v phone
- ; Page.: 2lo9^ ;-.;:.-.'• V\"; ' '.: ; ?;,'.: '\u25a0\u25a0'.' -'. --,
FAlTHFUL' Japanese" boy i would:, like place
'\u25a0. where hc\ could >,work< mornings <-\u25a0 until;.* 10
.'\u25a0• o'clock. ; Address or call - T." IKEDA; . ! 1207
\u25a0(:. -Bushrst. *::\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0.? ; . \u25a0, •:- '.'^SSSE
A' JAPANESE; who is'flne cook and ha* best
.; ;of \u25a0 references f wishes \u25a0 position fe rk > school boy."-
Address \ H ARR Yt TAKET A. i 25SA ' O'Fa'rrclL
JAPANESE boy wishes- situation to do house-
work; speaks English. A. MAKI. 10 Chelsea
'\u25a0 ; place, off Bush ~ st. ;\ . \u0084- '.
FIBST-CLASS Chinese cook for hotel or board-
ing-house. Please call 306 Sacramento St.,
upstairs. : : '
FINANCIAL.
$80«o— ON good, country farm and business j
:' ; property; will pay ' 6 per cent net; * security ;
worth 18,000; . investigate quickly, as loan;
. must ; be had January 10. Box 2776, Call.
,'» ) FLATS ,TO LJ3T. .
AAA— COMPLETED .. LIST OF HOUSES,
FLATS, apartment and rooming houses; our
renting department is free to all;' we can find
'you a home in any part of the city; aak for
no payment other than your good will; we do
not ask you to buy or even look at the goods;
use this department freely; you are more
than welcome. • .
; CORDES , FURNITURE CO.. 245-259 Geary
at. (on the. square.)
PINE 2330, near FiUmore — Modern, sunny,
.middle flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent reduced.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Cali-
fornla st:
: MODERN flats on Van Ness aye., near Fran-
cisco; 5 to 10 rooms and bath; rents ranging
from $18 to $35. YON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 513 California Bt.
LOMBARD st.. near Buchanan — Several mod-
ern flats of 4, t0 C rooms and bath: rents
ranging from $14 to $IS. -YON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California st.
POINT LOBOB aye., 1307, near 2d ave-i-Don't
live in a rooming-house when you can get a
. nic* sunny furnished flat of 5 rooms and
. bath for $20 per mo.; Geary cars pass door.
ALMOST new upper 5-room flat;'sun and light
in each room; rent very low If rented before
the first of the year. 1455 Broderick st.
CORNER upper flat, 8 large front rooms; eas-
. ily rented ; cheap at $S3. Apply Fell and
Devisadero sts., southwest corner.
A MONTH free; new 4-room flats, $25; Janitor
service, but not an apartment house;, plenty
of sun. 2267 Hayes st.. nr. Golden Gate Park.
BRODERICK, 143. near - Haight— Modern B-
room flat;, marble Bteps, beam ceilings, elec-
• trie lights,- etc.; owl cars; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT, new ' sunny flat; 3 rooms; stone
. steps; beamed ceilings; electric lights;' base-
' reent; yard. 1662 Grove, nr. Central aye.; $30.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3554. near Dolores— & sun-
ny r rooms'; bath & double parlors; cheap; $15.
A MONTH free; new 4-room flats. $25; Janitor
service; sunny. 22H7 Hayes St., nr. G." G. Pk.
6 SUNNY rooms; modern plumbing. $20. Key
at grocery, Fell and Devisadero, near | Park.
FLAT. 1250 Twentieth aye.. near H st. and
Gold Gate Park — 5 rooms; low rent.
$9 — UPPER rear flat, 3 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st., off . Market, near Valencia.
NEW. modern flat. 7 rooms. 443 Fourteenth
street. ,
DUBOCE aye., 531. near Steiner — New, mod-
I cm. sunr.y, 7 rooms; $35.
$12 OR $15— New flats. 4 or 5 rooms. 20 Clyde
st., near S. ,P. .depot.
ELEGANT sunny tt-r. flat; every convenience:
fine view. 1046 Broderick, near Turk; $25.
LYON, 804, ' near Golden Gate aye. — 4 roqms,
bath: water free: renovated; reduced $15.
BRODERICK, 1433— Live rent free: 6-room flat,
, with 4 attic rooms: can sublet each room; $25.
CENTRALLY located corner flat; 5 rooms and
bath. 1002 Mason St., cor. Sacramento.
CENTRAL, modern, upper flat, 6 rooms, bath.
1026 Sacramento St.. above Powell; moderate.
NOE st.. 328. near Market— Modern lower flat,
C rooms and bath: rent $22 60.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of. advertisements _ and subscriptions has
/ been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. -\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
4 OUTSIDE rooms .and bath, complete for
housekeeping; gas and electric lights. 1709
Hayes st.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FOR sale — A 5-room furnished: flat; price $185.
Address box 2663. Call office.
FLOORS TO LEASE.
LARGE light floor: electric elevator; excellent
location: low rent. KNOWLES CO.. 24 2d.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A— PHONE South 1015; it will pay you to send
for me before you sell your furniture, car-
pets, \u25a0 piano, etc. M. GALLICK. 201 Larkin.
MARK J. LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Mark«t
at. ,~- bet. 9th and 10th, paying big money for
furniture, etc. Phone South 179.
WANTED — Furniture of 4 or 5 room house
complete. Give particulars to box 2701.
Call office. .
Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
pays highest price for furniture, carpets, etc.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets,, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush Sl3.
Z. ABE LEVY. 1135 Market st.. phone Jessie
701. pays cash and buys everything.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALMOST given away; unredeemed storage pi-
anos and fur. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear to work In factory. 656 Mission . st.,
third; floor.
AA — OPERATORS, on ladles' underwear and
children's wear to take work home. 658
Mission: s-t., third floor. • .
AA— EXPERIENCED tuckers wanted on
ladles'/underwear and children's wear. .656
Mission st.. third floor. •
AA — EXPERIENCED operators on ladles'
waists und summer suits to work in factory.
.05(5 Mission Bt.', ' third floor. '
GIRLS to learn hairdresslng, manicuring, mas-
sage, etc., from A to Z in 1 mo. for $10; 7
positions to flll guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day. and eve. class. 234 Post, r. 17. 2d floor.
THE opportunity . of your life; millinery taught
\u25a0 "in ' first-class parlors; guarantee to secure po-
sitions for all competent scholars by Jan.' 25;
terms $20.- 234 Post St., room 16, 2d floor.
LEARN hainJresslns. facial massage, manicur-
ing, scalp treatment, bair work, removal super-
fluous hair: day. eve. classes; positions walt-
lng; $10 week up. 210 Powell, r. 2-3. 2d floor.
LADY ; bookkeeper ;. wanted for "general office
\u25a0 work; ' one having had experience in whole-
sale grocery, dry goods or hardware preferred.
\u25a0Address, statin? experience and salary ex-
- pected. -Box 4504, Call.
YOUNG woman to travel on road in California;
no -" experience * necessary. Call at Win-
chester Hotel. \u25a0-.
WANTED — Young women to learn telephone
operating; ' salary -while . learning; \u25a0 references
required. .Apply after 9 a. m., 216 Bush St.,
third floor.-... " . ... .
WANTED— For a i position offering opportunity
. for. advancement, an energetic . woman who
has had some business experience. Box
________________________________
BOOKKEEPERS.cashiersV bill clerks.etc.l will
guarantee you qualification to flll positions In
30 days; private instruction by accountant ;po-
sitlons secured. Address box 1780, Call office.
A FINE appearing business. woman; positively
• must ; be university, or normal graduate , and \u25a0
extra \u25a0\u25a0good -correspondent; -no other; good
» salary- Write fully to box 2726. Call ; office.
WANTED—To employ a lady with good knowl-
edge of music ; - salary $S0O: .' references re-
' quirfd. Box 3944. Call office. .:.\u25a0'.\u25a0:\u25a0-\u25a0 -
BRIGHT, energetic lady to represent flrst-class
mining company. CalMoo2 Jas. Flood btdg.
BARBERS— Employment- and "~nnHe>.
BARBERS, Attention— Coleman's * Exchange;
7* ' city ' and • country ." barber shops bought and
\u25a0 sold. See COLEMAN.. 3II Jas. Flood bldg.;
$17CP-2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; near
": . Kearny Bt. U COLEMAN. \u25a0 311 Jas. Flood bldg. \u25a0
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; choice location;
r .' sacrifice. ; COLEMAN. \u25a0: 311 - Jas. Flood ; bldg.
BARBER chops offered to s buyers at special
Inducements. ; Coleman 's. 311 Jas. Flood bids.
BARBER shops— Large variety of them; cora»
" very . good : \u25a0 also \u25a0a ; number ? of shops rin coun -
5 try : fall prices. \ STOLTZ.^ 723 ; Market ' st. :
FOUR-CHAIR /.barber '; shop " and : ; cigar /store;
-\u25a0\u25a0• ; sold at \u25a0\u25a0 a ; sacrifice if taken at \u25a0 once; account
..j sickness.; 'Address I . P.' O. \u25a0box; 839. " San-; Jose .:
BARBER | shops ? wanted ; .;\u25a0 all ? those ' that can
- bear -. close 'Investigation "as i tor their merits
I . may- apply) to, D.T STOLTZ, 723 Market ) ut. >:
BARBER,','" wanted;'; 'steady . ) employment' to
.-/sober, young; man. 608 Clayst. 1 ; ;;
BARBER— wanted;* at : 663," Howard st. this
;\u25a0.-. \u25a0\u25a0a.';' m.; :'\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0'.' .- \u25a0- ;i£?£j;: ; . -.-.V.'t \u25a0 '"
$150 : BUYS a^2-chalr barber shop., with lease:
good business; location central. Box 2760, Ca1l
1 : ' ' *3h6_£_£Ss££i \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0
HELP 'WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY
WISHES
EVERYBODY »
A MERRY CHRISTMAS.
1 :
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-6St> Clay st.
Phone Mali: SSIS.
Our Own Printing
. . .Plant issues our free list of positions four
' ' '\u25a0 times dally— 7 a. ni., 1O a. m.,
1 p. in., 4 p. m.
EMPLOY ERtS. ATTENTION!
. OUR INVESTIGATION AND SEGREGA-
TION RESULT IN THE PRODUCTION OF
FIRST-CLASS - HELP.
IF YOU WANT
THE BEST HELP. DO AS OTHERS DO-
SEND YOUR ORDERS TO
MURRAY & READY. CU-C36 Clay St..
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE*: THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
We gave in 1904 1905 we hope to
64.000 men work. Increase t>4.COO.
MERCED. MERCED.
THAT NEW RAILROAD. - ,
ARE YOU GOING?
600 drillers V"£3
' 500 hammermen *' 3
6CO laborers $67 00
500 muckers ..$67 50
' We have got special railroad rates *2 40
OCR OFFICE FEE ONLY *1.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
ARIZONA— ARIZONA. "
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT. »40 mile*.- $9 40.
25 laborers, you'll suit. Call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay »t.
THIS NEW MILL.
INSIDE WORK— STEADY JOBS.
25 laborers to go this afternoon, $60.
General manager here. Call and see him
AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
~~ LOOK. ~ ~~
Waiter, mine hotel, $25 and found.
Experienced salesman on folding paper boxes.
$70 to $100. r3£&
Furniture finishers; also apprentices.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
LOOK! LOS ANGELES, $5.
SHIP TO-DAY. 9 A. M.
.- —TO LOS ANGELES, $5—
—TO LOS ANGELES, $5—5 —
25 teamsters. $C 7 50.
25 trackmen, $67 50.
20 MUCKERS FOR MINES. JJS- ,
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGEX-JS?
$5 FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
SANTA CRUZ.
25 teamsters, special R. R. fare. $63.
25 laborers, special R. R. fare, $65.
NEW WORK NOT FAR AWAY.
112 teamsters, free fare, $67 50. -v
Baker, bread and cake. «mall good Job. $a
week s.nd found.
3 cooks, different placea. special Jobs. $30 to
" $60 and found.
2 machine hands, planing mill. $3 day.
Men. addrese envelopes, this office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay «t.
i ; _ \u25a0 ;
MECHANICAL.
2 sheetlron workers, city.
2 Iron molders. country foundry; printer,
country town, $40. „_"_«/-"
3 tinners steady work, country. $2 50 day.
' MARRIED HELP.
Choreman and wife, private place, near city.
$45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CTay st.
MINES — QUARRIES —
. —LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
TUNNELS.
30 miners, hand and machine work, f2 50
to $3 day.
20 tuncelmen. near city, $2 <5 day.
47 drillers and hammermen, city and coun-
try. $2 50 to $2 75 day. -
15 headermen. tunnels, $2 25 to $2 75 day.
LABORERS.
343 laborers different Jobs, all parts of Cali-
fornia—factories, mills and general work;
$2 to $2 50 day $60 to $75 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SOUTH— SPECIAL FARE, $2 40.
BIG MONEY FOR YOU.
TWO YEARS' WORK.
NEW RAILROAD— SOUTH.
One Thousand Men.
1000 MEN. •
ALL OPEN CUT WORK.
DRILLERS AND HAMMERMEN. $75.
LABORERS AND MUCKERS. $S7 50.
BOARD. ETC 120 MONTH.
/SPECIAL FARE. $2*).
i OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
ARE YOU GOING SOUTH?
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
D °FfEE rH T l O S -D L^ K GO °tVd°J O I^FR E E.
OCEAN SHORE R. R.
45 laborers. $60.
45 teamsters. $67 50.
45 drillers. $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
OREGON— FP.EE FARE.
e5 COAL MINERS.
$1 TON— ARE YOU GOJNG?
COAL MINERS. '
MEXICO. 250 Coal Miners. MEXICO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-656 Clay st.
: 165 TIEMAKERS. 13c EACH.
FACTORY.
15 laborers for general work around a large
factory; no experience needed; steady the
year round; any willing man can fill the hill:
inquire about it; you'll go; wages $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
/ HOTELS, ETC.
5 cooks, other places.
Waiters, city hotels and restaurants, $35
month.
' Marker and distributor, country laundry. $53.
OTHERS.
20 boys for stores, factories^ city and coun-
try.
Experienced florist, city store.
FARMS. RANCHES.
MILKERS. CHOREMEN.
6 plow teamsters, good ranch. $30 and fd.
14 general farmers, different ranches, $28 to
$32 and found.
' 18 milkers, butter-makers and choremen and
choreboye, $15. $20. $25, $30. $35 and found.
18 pruners, vineyard or orchard, $26 to $30
and found.
. Boy. helD paint, city.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
SECOND cook, city hotel. $40 and found.
BUTCHER.
20 woodchoDPers, $1 50 and $1 75 cord.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TEAMSTER, special city wagon. $2-$2 50 day.
Man do ranch work blacksmlthlng, $1 25 day
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MEN and boys wanted to learn plumbing trade;
pays $5 day after completing course of prac-
tical instruction at home or In our schools;
graduates admitted to union and Master
Plumbers' Association;- positions secured.
Coyne Bros. Co.. Plumbing Schools. New
Yo "rk, St. Louis. Cincinnati; free catalogue.
WE want a first-class man, accustomed to sell
at wholesale and with experience in the
talking machine \u25a0 business, to sell at whole-
sale In San Francisco. See MR. GRAY at
125 • Geary st.. Colombia Phonograph Co.
WANTED — At once. "good, live canvassers to
represent us throughout California: large com-
missions paid; complete outfits furnished free;
good prospects for right party. Full partlcu-
lara address Oregon Nursery Co.. Salem. Or.
LEARN telegraphy and R. R. accounting: $S0
\u25a0to ?ISO per month salary paid our graduates;
our six schools indorsed by all railroads;
rtay. and eve. session; apply for catalogue.
Morse School of Telegraphy. 26 O'Farrell st.
AGENTS wanted to sell lots on easy terms; $1
-down,' sl a week; no interest; no taxes; large
commission paid: investigate. PACIFIC
; REALTY CO.. 419 Grant buildlny.
ANY intelligent person may earn good income
, corresponding ' for newspaper; experience un-
necessary; -send for, particulars. Press Syn-
. dlcate. Lockport. N. Y. '
MEN and ladles to learn barber trade; new
method:, wages earned while - learning; posi-
tions guaranteed after eight weeks. GILL-
MAN'S Barber College, 627 Clay st.
YOUNG men; learn sign painting; I teach you
by mail; $5 for complete course. Write for
particulars. NISLE SCHOOL OF LETTER-
ING. 94 /W. Mountain st.. Pasadena. Cal.
MEN. learn; the barber trade ' in 8 weeks; ta 1-
, tlon earned while learning; situations guar-
! Rnteed ; only • up-to-date colleges In America.
J MOLER'S SYSTEM COLLEGE. 644 Clay st.
WANTED-^-Laborers and . mechanics to know
1 -.that Ed Rolkin.. Reno Houss proprietor, has
: added • ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
\u25a0 217 Third St.. 250 rooms, 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
." night: ' Clothes closets, ' hair mattresses, elec-
: " trie lights In every room. 6SI Howard, nr. 3d.
DETECTI VES^-Learn -the business ; money
:;; made while learning. 604 Montgomery, * r. 204.
MAN to drive laundry wagon; $65 per month:
must j have $400. ' 3372 : Mission St.
MAN' to- learn ' cigar-making: good pay .while
. ' learning; $10 security required. 618 Merchant.
TWO > baker's -.helpers; open,, Sunday. \u25a0 31&
Janua Flood building.
GERMAN, cabinet-maker and French polisher
- 80x '4806. Call. - ; .
SAILORS vand young - men \u25a0 (green , hands) for
* shtpg. HALLBERT.- 517 Jackson st.
W'ANTED^-Man' to iron In laundry. "Call after
' 'S:3o at 781 ''Howard st
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
AT HORD & SMITH'S Employment Offlc«.
62S CTay st. Telephone Main 8321.
Free fare, Stskiyou County, laborers. $2.
Special fare. 250 miles south, drillers. $2 50.
Muckers. $3 25: laborers, $2 23: Merced Co.
i Special fare. Western Pacific, laborers. $2 23.
r Miners, city. $2 35 to $2 75; laborers. $2.
2 rock foremen, $6O to $75 and found. lon«
i -> Ol)S - ••> am
New company work, laborers, $2 to $3 ZB;
no discount.
Rough carpenters and laborers to help car-
penters, south. $2 50 per day. fare $2 80.
2 blacksmiths, company work. $75 per month
• and found. Western Pacific Railroad Co.
2 tool sharpeners for same place, $75 found.
Laborers Tou'U do.
f2 to $2 50
Houses to live In all winter; a Bprinc cot
' for each and even' man; company work.
CITY— LABORERS— CITY.
10 laborers. $2 to $2 23. fare sc.
12 laborers, *2. 9 hours, cheap fare, com-
pany work, good outfit.
10 teamsters, ?2 25: no discount, fare $1 26.
Good Outfit — New Job — South.
Laborers. $2. across the bay. far* loc.
Tunnelmen. $2 25 to $2 75. long job, close in.
WANTED for U. S. army— Able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and -5:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, reail
and write English. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer. 204 Rialto building.
New Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
A MAN for office work In an employment of-
ment office: state experience, age. wages ex-
pected. nationality. Apply box 4535, Call.
CLOTHING, furnishing goods and hat sales-
man at Heller's bankrupt sale. 1023 Market.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom coats; call
Tuesday morning. 220 Stavenson st.
COOK wanted. Olti Michigan St.. near Union.
Iron Works. Potrero. _^
MEN and women to learn the barber trade:
new method; wages paid while learning; po-
sitions guaranteed; special Inducements. San
Francisco College. 741 A Howard st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 4» 2d St.. rm. 522.
PENSION atty.. E A. Bullls, rm. 40. Phelan
bid. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
DAUTEL wants SOO men to buy Inspected
Government shoes at 631 Sacrair^ento st.
10.000 WORKINCMEN to buy our genuine
army shoes: all inspected. 105 Third st.
WIN CHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertising and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
' THREE platform lumber wagons. 14 f«et long;
one 3- ton platform furniture wagon; all kinds
of delivery wagons. 6- laundry and on» bak-
ery wagon; all kinds of buggies, surreys and
carts. KLEIBER'S. 1504-8 Folsom st.
FOR sale— A good driving horse; light bay; 15
hands high; 6 years old; good style; w*!l
broken: perfectly sound; price $275. Box.'
2961, Call office.
WANTED — To hlr» 300 head of horsea or mules
with harness for scraper work. Inquire for
particulars MADIGAN. CNEII. St CO.. 322
Grove st.
JUST arrived, carload horses. 12CO to 17CO; call
r and see them. G. LIXDAUER. 841-843 Fol-
som St.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st.
HORSE buggy and harness for sale cheap.
STOTTS & RHODA. Upper Frultvale. Cal.
FOR sale — Horse, five years old: perfectly
sound and gentle. Box 2679. Call office.
WANTED — A good driving horse for light busi-
ness. Box 2979. Call office.
A NO. 1 new delivery wagon. $100; worth $130.
1303 Devlsadero st. -
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN St CO.. 20 Motgmy.
MARY. 20, near Fifth and Mission — House of
7 rooroa: double parlors; rent cheap; $25. \u0084
HOUSES FUnXISHED — FOR SALE.
FURNISHED house of 10 rooms; clears $00 per
month at present with 2 rooms vacant; price
$1000. 56 South Park.
HOUSES WAXTED— FTHXISHED.
FURNISHED house wanted In select location
of Piedmont cr Berkeley. Address box 27-15,
Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW, neat cottage at San Francisco's health-
ful beach; 4 rooms, bath, lavatory, gas and
•tectric light: sun all day: rent reasonable.
Take Park and Cliff House car. atop at 46th,
aye.. go south one-half block to Xo. 1275.
FURNISHED and unfurnished cars and cot-
tages, Oceanslde district, also facing ocean.
$10 ud. J. H. D. FELDBUSCH JR.. renting
dept.. 49th aye. and I St.. ocean boulevard.
HOTELS.
HOTEL St. Nicholas. Market. Larkin, Haye»
»ta. Heart of S. F.; modern; American and
European plants: electric lights and phone in
every room: hot and cold water: quiet.
• ix ye sTJiEyra.
HOTEL company now forming-, well-known
people; competent management: gr«at success
assured; will earn easily 20 per cent per an-
num; portion of stock offered at par; will
certainly enhance greatly In value within
short time. For full particulars addresa
Hotel, box 2771. Call office.
NAMES of Eastern Investors for sale. -MAX-
WELL. 1174 James Flood building.
INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturer of tha
Eames tricycle chair. 2013 Mkt. : tel. Park 775
JAPANESE FLORIST.
. JAPANESE Florist — Fresh cut flowers every
day; plants for sale a specialty. 170S Polk.
street, near Washington. Phone East 1304.
LOST AND FOCND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco in rh*
name of TIMOTHY O'KEEFFE or ELLKN
O'KEEFFE, No. 255-690. The finder will
please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of CATHERINE E. DONOVAN.. No.
174-110. The finder will please return to
bank. .\
LOST — Lady's pin with violet leaves set with
diamonds, in vicinity of Waller and Cole st?.
and Panhandle; valued as a keepsake; liberal
reward. 219 Grant bldg. or 1708 Fell st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In tha
name of GEORGE M. CAWLEY ; No. 245-37 U.
Th/ finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black male half -breed Cocker spadlel;
license Xo. 2531. Return to 2932 Jackaon st
and receive reward.
LOST— Passbook No. 13.294; name of CLARA
DAUGEL; on. Union Trust Company. Finder
please return to bank.
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL. LAUNCH CO.. foot of Gar
St.. for pleasure and business; teL Bush 53-1.
LAUNCHES, new and slightly used ; senw
good snacs. Cal. Launch Wks.. Alamcda.
MEDICAL.
DR. O. W. CJDONNELL— Ladles, all who am
sick or in trouble, consult this* specialist on
female complaints: positively corrected: - th*
unfortunate helped; the most difficult cases
treated: every case taken: Immediate relief:
\u25a0 no poisoning drugs; low fees; my methods
' wil) cure all. cases of irregularity: . consult
me; save time and money; advice free., 1037
Market St.: hours. 9 a. m. to 4. 5:30 to 8:30.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; : Instant relies
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable special!*, for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant 're-
lief guaranteed. Office hours oto 5. Sunday
10 to 2. 1008*6 Market »t.. opposite Fifth.
DR. SYLVESTER'S of flee. . 120« . Market " st.
Lead ing Specialist for Women.
. Irregularities cured in 24 hours or no charge;
advlca free: strictly private, hours S to 9.
DRS. GOODWIN'S herb treatment, -reliable. -'
safe, prompt for female JrreguUriti e»- relief:
or no fee; $10; hrs. 9-S. SSP Mkt. st.. suite 3i>.
DR. C. C. O'DON^fELL— Offlc« and residence
102tvi Market nt.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
A— MRS. DR. GWTER. 51 1 A Leaven worth st.
bet Geary and CFarrell. Phone East tU. "\u25a0•WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH "SPARE CHANGE"
MCTICAI — Conttaned.
PR. W. R. MACY. reliable ladles' specialist.
, t'o6 Market et. : hours 10 to 9; Sun., 10 to 3.
Vli. and MRS. DAVIES and Hindoo Herbs;
«. Vicinal nifthod of treatment. 1120 Market.
; I'll. ROSEN, residence 29U5 Folscm et.. corner
.wfniy.>:\ih; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
H S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office and Salesroom. 130 Beale st. *
Work? ar.ii Yards, Ninth and Bryant stfl.
W«s have a brand new lot of pipe complete,
leady for immediate delivery.
' : j-:nch pipe $3 25 per hundred feet (n<?w)
• ?i-lnch ripe $:i as per hundred feet (new)
' . 1-inch pipe '$5 70 per hundred feet (new)
m,-tnca pipe J7 «<> per hundred feet (new)
lv»-!nch pipe $8 CO per hundred feet (new)
•2-inch pipe $11 of, per hundred feet ;cew)
•IU-in. screw pipe <2d hd); ready for use. 10c
' m 3-ir.. screw pipe Cd hd); ready fcr use. 32^c
. 5%-ta. screw pipe (id hd) ; ready for use, 15c
4.-IT.. screw pipe (2d hd); ready for use. l^o
S«.nd by check, money order or coin by
W. V. Exnrei*,, Co.. with order.
;." . H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office 130 Beale «•:.
\u25a0 \u25a0 . n« a i>rcac<> — Any bank, banker or publication.
ID-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, 6hafting. etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchar.ced; see Sunday papers.
\u25a0 11. S. WHITE MCHY CO. 130 132 Bpa.l« st.
BOILERS, engines, Sd-fc*s4* machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 11*5-197 Fremont et.
PARTY having bought fine standard maka
upright piano on installments, and having
i_ tame half paid for, is unable to keep up
raymer.ts ari<! will sell equity for a nominal
•urn to any one wishing to continue to make
payments. Eoi 2728. Call.
\u25a0 ; X LADY having met with reverses and about
to loss her piano, which ehe bought on the
Installment plan, and having 6ame almost
paid for. will stll for a email cum to party
taking iip balance of installments. Hex
_ 27^. Can.
• FOR taJe — New and second-hand billiard and
, pool tabi»»: easy payments; we rent tables
with LTivilece of buying; modern bar fix-
' turts: cheap prices. BRUNSWICK -BALKE-
.* -.COLLENDER. t&2 Mission St.. S. F.
\u25a0 BATHTUBS 3-in. rim. cnan-.elcd. $11 60; 20x"!C
\u25a0 . einks. $.17:.; 10x24 sinks. $1 50; patent closets.
flo^'; •w-ashtrays, 2-faucet, $3 75; 30-gallon
Lrilers. $i 75. 213 Fourth st.
ANOTHER rebuilt No. 1 Smith Premier Type-
\u25a0 . urlt-r. f35; a bargain. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montcomery st.. agents L. C.
S^rnith & Bros.' visible typewriter.
COPPERSMITH'S power hammer, 16 hp. port-
' able er.gin<\ Iw hp. vertical engine, 40 hp.
< ngir.e and boiler, machinists' lathes. 602
.; "Third gt.
\u25a0 WOODWORKING double-headed shaper. 12-
inch and l»-inch ttlcker. 36-inch handsaw.
?oct mortiter. JOHNSON & HORAN. 602
Third "t.
A — BUYS, fclis and rents gear machinery, en-
gines, belters, water pipe*, shafting, pulleys,
»tr. WHITKLAW. 336 Main et.
*' J"eK fcaie — A (••ca.lfckin as good as new.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFICE,
907 Market st.
iIACHINERY, boilers and enpinee bought,
»old ar.d exchanged ; power plants in their
entirety bought. Western Mhy Co., 230 Main.
/-OKXTS' full dross suits to rent. J.
COOPER. -1 Stockton et.. second floor. i
/—THOMSON steam engine indicator- practic- j
"^_ a:iy new; great bars. L. Epstein. 538 Mission
IACHT Keotune for sale. 240 Sutter Et.,
-I^Ili:
/XT One who wants to go into shoe repairing
call or writ- to A. N. GOODRICH. 24S Turk, j
COMPUTING etale. nearly new; latest design;
ci-eaa for cash t>r terms. Box 27C5, Call.
IJ'KAL. Christmas gifts — Toy filk poodle pup-
pies. 14.V- Franklin St.. basement.
JiABY A! Vieta panorama cameras. $3 50; take
picture i'lxO^. Sunset Bazaar. 42 Thirl.
'\u25a0 SiltjH grade tecend-haed office sale and wagon
scale. PAHCELLS SAFE CO.. 216 California.
S-AFES — Must make room: no reasonable offer
refused. IU3 New Montgomery et.
DESKS and office furniture bought, sold and
tschaneed. T. D. McCARTHY. 807 Mission.
l:. C. HUGHES— Printer. 511 Sar.some St..
Sin Prtfidico.
•TWO merry-go-roUTxis; one miniature railway.
BA<"lGAl.rpi. SOS Kearny gt.
CATES— SC«w and eecond-hanl. THE HER-
\u25a0 ?:ANN SAFE CO.. 417-27 Sacramento et. -
MOVING picture*, magic lanterns. Fale, rental;
bargains BI'LLARI> A.- BRECK. ISI Post gt.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ANDERSON pays highest price for ladiee' and
ger.ts' clothir.g. Tel. Howard US7; 154 »th st.
JjIAMGNDS. t-tc, bought for cafh. Karl Eber
fc Co.. 4<V>-4<"l Adarr.-? bldg.. 2t6 Kearny £l
MONEY TO LOAN.
CONFIDENTIAL.
Loans of all kinds and of every description
made en pianos, furniture, warehouse re-
, .- c«ipts, livestock and to people on their In-
dividual notes at banking-house raits; In
case of sickness or loss of employment we
extend your lean, so you take no chance of
Wing your jroods; your business is Ftrictly
confidential, as we make no inquiries of your
v neighbors, goods remain in your possession
* K&d you can have the loan as long as you de-
eire; if you have any outstanding bills or
ewe cry loan comr'any, we will pay them
for you end «ive you mere money; it is
-, •asler to pay cne than a number; to ladies of
prominence we make leans without any se-
curity whatever; we can refer you to any
bank or newspaper in this city; <Jon't fail to
call and see ue ar.d we will cheerfully ex-
plain to ycu our up to date method of doing
feutintss; you meet no one at our separate
end private offices. ILLINOIS TRUST
COMPANY, rocm 16, Ptwlan building; phone
_ -Main 704.
*~~ ~" MONEY
ALWAYS ON HAND.
'SUMS FROM $20 TO 5300.
RATES NO HIGHER HERE.
TERMS A LITTLE EASIER AND
PAYMENTS MORE CONVENIENT.
A COUPLE HOUIiS' NOTICE WILL DO.
COURTEOUS TREATMENT ALWAYB.
SECURITY— A CLAIM ON YOUR FURNI-
TURE. PIANO, HOR£E, VEHICLE OR
SALARY, ETC.
KO PUBLICITY ABOUT IT.
NO BANK MORE RELIABLE.
PROOF— OUR LARGE BUSINESS.
EVERY REASON YOUR APPLICATION
SHOULD BE LEFT HERE WHEN YOU
NEED MONEY.
WE'RE READY AND WILLING.
I I2CTIRELY NEW PAYMENT PLAN.
HOUSEHOLD LOAN CO..
\u25a0 202-208 CALLAGHAN 8L15G..
MARKET AND MCALLISTER ETS.
PHONE SOUTH «22.
LOAN HEADQUARTERS.
AAA-H E RMAN o MURPHY ix3m!ner
Quick eettlen-.enu; no disappointments.
K»v« expanses by dealing directly.
Estates second montages, undivided lnter-
< ftts: assirr.mtnts cf rents, property In trust,
«-tc. : legacies, life *Ftat<s end undivided ln-
• tereste In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
• When You NY-ed Money
E>e HERMAN MURPHY-
AS 2 salaried rtnpioye or wage earner can get
. Just «>n His cote. Monlb]y Een .,. M _ weekly.
$T,Q— Return to us. .? 13 35 ftf 65 $3 35
f.'fO— Return to us.. «O0 400 200
*20— Raturn to us.. 635 285 1 <$5
$15— Return to us. . 400 200 100
Or any other cum, and pay back in proportion.
THE CRVSCENT LOAN CO.. MX> Rialto bldg..
N>w Montgomery ar.d Mission c:». \u25a0
Tt*TT T tri 4 V
reasonable emount on
Mortgages en real estate
In city, town cr country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
• liocation. etc.
Box 223. Call office. •
AAAA— UNITED' LOAN AND TRUST CO..
iii Stockton st.. near Market.
£d floor.
"• Loans tnade to salaried people without any
• iTubllclty or other inconvenience on the^r
. noses. Leans on real estate In probate, li.c
insurance policies, estates. 6«cond mort- :
trages. aFslcnroents of rents, etc.
S-ALARY LOANS—
. Monty loar.^d salaried peopi* without secur- •
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer cr '
any one; confidential and courteous treatment. J
Call and en termg, Drake. 453 Parrott bldg. ,
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain .
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1 ,
per r»rit interest. Baldwin's Jewelry Store.
D7B Market et. ; tel. Main f644. Branch 1193 .
' Market ft. and 27 Third st. . :
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- ,
chants, teamster*, boarding-houses, without
eecurity; easy payments ; large business in 40
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
LOANS to salaried people without indorser;
.prompt attention and liberal terms. The
A-Uty Loan Co.. 211 Crossley building.
ANY amount, real estate or other security; i
$700 tip. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery, r. 6.
CASH loaned ealarled people on note* without
indorger. Federal Loan Co.. 609 Exam, bldg.
t% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal; I
go com. V. TREMAIN, room. 81, 6 Eddy et. I
MONEY TO LOAN— Con«lng»il.^
• ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal or other security; lowest
7 ratts : no commlsssion; confidential. 506-7
• Donohoe bldg., 8 Taylor St., corner Market.
\u25a0 ALVA CO. loans money to salaried people
r without security; good terms, easy payments;
, also on other security. 507 Jas. Flood bldg.
1 PER cent on furulture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Mcntgy 6t., room 21.
LOANS to SALARIED PEOPLE without secur-
lty; loans on indorsed notes and other secur-
1 lty S. F. DISCOUNT AGCY.. 125-7 Phelan.
> SALARIED people without security; also on
) furn.. estates in probate, life ins. policies, etc.
> Empire Loan & Invest. Co.. 612 Parrott bldg.
) MONEY to loan at a low rate of interest; gold.
I silver, diamonds, pearls and precious stones
bought at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
. DON'T borrrow money on salary until you see"
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
: ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
McGARVIE 4 CO.. 720 Market St., loans money.
05 to Sf> rer cent of valuation of property.
' MUSICAL IN STRUMENTS.
! PARTY having bought fine standard make
upright pi^no on installments, and having
tame half paid for, i 3 unable to keep up
payments and will .sell equity for a nomlna
sum to any one wishing to continue to make
, payments. Box 2727, Call.
• A LADY having met with reverses and about
to loi>e her piano, which Fhe bought on the
installment plan, and having came almost
l>ald for, will sell for a email sum to party
taking up balance of installments. Box
2733. Call.
UPRIGHTS FROM $65 UP.
P.yel. Emerson. Roenis-ch, Smith & Barnes,
Gabler. Curtaz, Sterling and many others, on
easy payments; open evenings
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 10 O'Farrell st.
A NEW piano for rent at $3 per mo.; others
at $2 aud $2 fki; one year's rent allowed If
purchased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. stfo Hayes st.
SAVE dealers' profits; buy direct from factory.
DEITEMEIER PIANOS. 839 Valencia st.. be.
twe°n Nineteenth and Twentieth.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos and furnl-
ture. Whitehead's Storage. 163(i Market st.
A FISHER upright, $«0. Call from Sa. m. to
ft p. m.. 584 Valencia st.
BARGAIN — Chickering upright grand: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORN UN G. 210 McAllister.
I J IANOS extraordinary, stock East'n mfgr. sac-
riflred; terms to suit. Statham. 110 McAllister
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. e ld and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT uprights, new. 2d-hand. $40-SSOO.
PIERCES P'.ano Factory. Market and 14th.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post Et.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
raentg, SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Checkering baby grand;
ghaninger little used. Ketffe's. 255 O'Farrell.
MUSEUMS.
DR. LIEBIG STAFF 1 Free Museuni
, Anatomy moved to 1023 Market St.. near 6th.
I
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MAJESTIC bldg.T"l2*l "Market" st.^N^ce"' "mod>
crn offices to let. $10 per month and up.
' BROADWAY. J2JJS, r.r. Hyde, in house 31 apts..
store and living rooms, delicatessen, $15.
PERSONALS.
• • • "C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S C-A-R-O-L" • • •
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O'-S" MULTITUDES of suc-
cessfully treated patients of 19U5 are now
chanting a CHRISTMAS CAROL of Joyful
gratitude for the marvelous benefits obtained
by his DRLGLESS H'D RADIUM treatment.
To enable the VIZAF and e?ICK readers of
these lints to JOIN in their JUBILANT
thanksgiving, Itexradio now offersthem (during
this festive season) his peerless treatment ai
ONE-HALF his usual moderate FEE, thus
suiting persons of SMALLEST MEANS. Tin*
very best CHRISTMAS or NEW YEARS
GIFT you can present to your loved SICK
and DEAF relatives is a QUICK CURE by
this "inexpensive" treatment, which has been
marvelously successful* in about 95 per cent
of all alleged INCURABLE cases of DEAF-
NESS and DISEASES, which others had
GIVEN UP as H-O-P-E-L-E-S-S. C. Engleke
of the CAL. DEMOKRAT further testilies:
"My friend with the 19 years' dreadful in-
flammatory RHEUMATISM, who was practi-
cally HELPLESS and UNABLE to RISE
from a chair or STAND for so long a time
(whoe* case was reported last Sunday), in-
etantly ROSE. STOOD, and RAISED her fttt
over 36 Inches high (ALL till then IMPOSSI-
BLE), 'continues' to progress satisfactorily,
and considers the 6ever&! hundred dollars the
gave Rexradio to be a SPLENDID INVEST-
MENT. He has cured MANY equally
HOPELESS cases of chronic, acute, DE-
FORMING, and disabling RHEUMATISM,
s-ls-j PARALYSIS and LOCOMOTOU
ATAXIA. 'each' being INSTANTLY able for
•first time' to WALK, RUN and LEAP. I
K-N-O-W. for I was a WITNESS. My
own INSTANT cure of 20 years' distressing
RHEUMATISM has now L-A-S-T-E-D ONE
HUNDRED and FORTY-THREE DAYS, and
I etill can vigorously RUN and LEAP. The
totally DEAF usually HEAR a 'distant'
WHISPER ty a '3 seconds' ' treatment, as
MULTITUDES are ready to testify, includ-
ing numbers of our very FOREMOST citi-
zens. CITY and COUNTY ATTORNEY
BURKE; PRESIDENT CLHMENTS, 330
Pine; VICE PRESIDENT BELFRAGE, 1015
Market, and many others (whose addresses
you can have), who were once as STRONG
SKEPTICS as myself, have testified over
their denatures that they have WITNESSED
numerous remarkably successful treatments
of total DEAFNESS and various supposed
INCURABLIS maladies. The ENORMOUS
abdominal PftOPSY case I named last Sun-
day has, by reduction' of the dropsy, LOST
HIXTEEN POUNDS in weight the past week
and the abdomen is now perfectly 'natural'
in size. The 21 years DIPSOMANIAC who
cou!d NEVER pass the door of a saloon, has
not once touched liquor the past 7 days. He
and his family are "overjoyed. 1 E. AE-
TON, 12G5 Clay gt., Oakland, with very seri-
ous ERIGHT'S disease, said yesterday: "I
feel a NEW man and almost well, after only
5 treatments.' His wife's totally DEAF ear
instantly heard a WHISPER at 25 feet, also
her NEURALGIA ceased in a MOMENT.
One of our "most" prominent men in th-j
CITY GOVERNMENT last week hid hi«
DEAF ear made to hear well at nearly SO
feet. Rexradfo 'communicated' his 'mys-
terious" healing power to 2 persons, and
t-ach went and 'successfully' treated their
eick friends. A greatly bloated (DROPSY)
!*g was reduced to normal pize. A dangerous
case of HEART disease instantly lost all
PAINS, ani the DEATS became REGULAR.
A DEAF MUTE heard and epeke well. Now,
I uaert en my honor that I K-N-O-W these
to be F-A-C-T-S absolutely beywid all DIS-
PUTE and DOUBT, and this I can and will
P-R-O-V-E. Get these patients' ADDRESSES
of me or Rexradio and then INTERVIEW
them end b» CONVINCED. I will ANSWER
all LETTERS, and, if neoeKsary. CALL on
the BEDRIDDEN and relate to them my own
most wonderful experience. — C\ ENGLEKE,
1:21 StfinT st. Mr. E. Is a "leading" cltlz;n.
•UKXRADIO" offers Y-O-U a list of 800 city
REFICHEXCES. You can call and S-E-E.
the hopeless sirk cured, and yourself get a
FHEK SAMPLE or the power. This Christ- \
mat eeas'w you will be charged lor "treat-
ments" ONLY ONE-HALF the usual mod-
erate fees. The BEDRIDDEN can be VIS-
ITKD. Patients at a DISTANCE are treated
through the MAILS. Office houre 2 to 0.
Offices CROWDED, come EARLY. CUT
THIS OUT FOIi PICK FRIENDS. 000
Kearny at. Offices closed to-day only.
A KREE ill. 47-page book on piles and Hstula,
containing much valuable information con-
earning rectal diseases; sent free to any suf-
ferer. Frank H. Weston, M. D.". author, suit*
601-2. Donohoe bldg.. Mkt. & Taylor. 8. F.
"FKOM Hog Train to Palace Car" tolls you "
hew to carve out a fortune with a soft new <
lead pecrll; price two bits. J. INGLE, Hazel '
Creek. Cal.
KI.'KUS MILLER, 1009 Pacific Bt., will not b«
responsible for any debts contracted by his
wife, a» she has deserted him.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
MME. GILLINGHAM. dermatologist; wrinkles
absolutely removed without pain; contour re- .
stored. 030 Market st. ; tel. Montgomery 1311. ]
SUITS to order on -installments of 51"per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. the tailor. 729 Market gt.
S BRAND new tailor-made men's cults, cost
825. for f9 75 440 Bush, nr. California Hotel. ]
$1 A WEEK; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS,
1127 Market st \u0084 bet. Seventh and Eighth.'
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; -
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. '
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, "
treats all diseases of the, human body; for
pa&t four y<ars at 115-11 1- Mason st., now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
\u25a0 *
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dls-
eas^g cured by Chlne.se herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PAINTING AND PAPERHANGING. . *
BOOMS papered. $3 50 up: 75,000 rolls wallpa-' }
per, fie up. Hartmann Paint Co., 318 Third.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1905.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE— •CITY.
$30,000. $30,000. $30,000. $30,000.
BARGAIN! BARGAIN! BARGAIN!
RESIDENCE ON PACIFIC AYE.
Situated In the same block with
the most beautiful and costly man-
sion in San Francisco. -
THIS IS POSITIVELY THE BEST
BUY IN THE CITY TO-DAY.
NOTE PARTICULARS.
LOT:
61 :4x127 tSH — terraced and drained.
IMPROVEMENTS:
Grandly constructed two-story
basement and attic house; hard
finish. Built by present owner
for solid comfort — expense was no
object. The finest woods and fix-
tures being imported especially; 11
rooms not counting large and well-
equipped billiard hall, wine cellars,
etore rooms, servants' quarters,
etc. Every piece of wood for in-
terior decoration was specially
selected and polished; beautiful In-
laid floors; everything of the very
best. . r
VIEW:
From the windows of this house
Is to be had the most magnificent
of views— which nothing can ob-
street. Lylrnr before you .Is the
• city bay, Golden Gate, . Marln
County Hills and Pacific Ocean.
REMEMBER. THIS CAN NEVER
BE TAKEN FROM YOU.
SITUATION:
It is situated in the very best
residence district of this city. The
houses on every and all sides are
occupied by the most prominent
people In San Francisco.
THIS PLACE MUST BE SEEN
TO BE FULLY APPRE-
CIATED.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
AND PERMISSION TO SEE
THE PLACE APPLY TO
BURR-PADDON CO..
Incorporated,
40 Montgomery st.
Tel. Main 3794.
SELLING ~ "
TO BEAT THE BAND.
ONLY $1 25 A WEEK.'
$275 — Elegant lever building lots, close to
school; fine car service on MlEEion st. ; crenm of
the Excelsior Homestead: stop paying rent and
raise the baby where the ozono is not polluted
with dust and smoke, to say nothing- of the
deadly microbe; no interest and no taxes.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
ONLY $10 A MONTH.
$400 for finely located lots 3 blocks south
of -the park; electric car service unexcelled;
enhancing in value with every stroke of the
clock; buy now; next week may be too late;
"Nat Goodwin" is not the only man that ap-
preciates this beautiful section; no taxes.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY,
26 Montgomery st., room 8. •
$10,000 — FINE business investment; rented un-
der lease; splendid building; concrete
basement and foundation; rtore and bay-
window flat of 7 rooms and bath; How-
ard gt.: rents $720 per annum.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st. 1
$2000 CASH will buy brand new first-class 7-
room residence on the east tide of 4th aye..
between Clement and California sts. ; bal-
ance to suit purchaser. HENRY BUR-
ROWS, owner and builder. (
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California St.. have
Eome good bargains in city property; also
houses and lots in Berkeley, Oakland and
Alameda. Call or write for what you want.
ABOUT $1000 cash. bal. at $50 monthlyT will
buy NE. cor. with a handsome, new 6-room
house; cars pass door. See Molee. 417 Market.
ATTRACTIVE bargains In city real estate
only of BURR-PADDON CO.. 40 Montgomery
st., San Francisco.
$500 CASH, $30 monthly will buy brand new
cottase of 5 or 6 rooms on Second aye., near
McAllister st. F. NELSON, owner & builder.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale.
OLD ESTABLISHED. ALWAYS RELIABLE.
W. J. WHITE COMPANY.
LOANS. ' INSURANCE.
TITLES GUARANTEED.
$4000^ — Near Healdsburg. 21 acres rich loam,
slightly rolling; 12 acres fine orchard, 9 years
old; 6 acres bearing" wine grapes; 2 acres hay;
modern 6 - room hard-finished house, bath,
pantry, closets, cellar; « poultry houses; brood-
er and Incubator houses; . large 2-story barn;
well fenced; $1700 can remain indefinitely;
might trade equity bay home.
$1:200 — 14 acres line soil, 4 miles Santa Rosa;
3-room cottage; family orchard, barn, poultry
houses, good well, tank house; mortgage $S0O;
trade equity cottage around bay and assume.
$3500 — 20 acres, between Elmlra* and Vaca-
vllle. (iO miles city; level sediment loam; 10
acres full bearing apricots and peaches, net-
ting $<iOO this season; large berry patch; nice
o-rcom cottage: good barn full of hay; new
windmill and tank; large storehouse; poultry
houses; close to graded school; $1000 can re-
main.
$12,0 C0 — 112 acres level loam In famous Tur-
lock Irrigation District; close to station; all
checked and Da acres growing alfalfa; under
hog tight fence; modern 2-story residence, hard
finished, gas, hot and cold water (photos at
this office); 2 fine barns; carriage house;
30,000 gallon cement tank; figs, oranges,
grapes; $6000 can remain; fine income home.
$5000—20 acres rich alluvial soil; banks fine
creek; 1 mile town; W) miles city; 10 acres ap-
ricots, 7 acres prunes, assorted fruit?, berries
and alfalfa patch; 5-room cottage, large barn,
windmill and tank; complete drying plant; 12
poultry houses., brooders, 2 incubators; $500
worth of hens; Jersey cow; 2 heavy horses,
harness; 10 tens hay, wagons, etc.
$1550 — A crackerjack Sonoma City poultry
farm, 5% acres, half mile depot; cozy 3-room
cottage: brooder house and brooders accommor
dates 1000 chickens; 2 incubators; wire netting
yards; 200 young Dullets; buildings all new;
half cash. '
$1600— Close to Sebastopol and electric cars;
10 acres; C acres blackberries, 2 acres straw-
berries and raspberries; fine springs; email
bouse and outbuildings; half cash,
$2000—5% acres full bearing apricots and
prunes near San Jose: cozy 4-room cottage;
barn, windmill and tank; poultry houses; half
$875 down— 7 acres sandy loam," on electric
road, near Santa Rosa; good dwelling, barn,
poultry houses; grapes and berries; $1400.
$75 per acre— 65 acres Island land. 12 miles
from Stockton; under irrigation; free water; in
potatoes, beans, onions, aEparagus and rye
grass; 4 miles Ktation; boat landing on place;
old Improvements; rents $10 Der acre; we also
iave adjoining place, 00 acres, with new
buildings, at $70 per acre.
$3500—150 acres, 2 miles from Columbia: 4
room house, larce barn and about 14 tons of
hay; new farm wagon, spring wagon, buggy,
1-arness; 20 head of traded cattle; 4 fine
horses- 200 Plymouth Rock hens; CO turkeys;
incubator, brooders; farming tools; large out-
fide range; 20 acres river bottom under culti-
vation; 3 acres full bearing orchard; 0000-gal-
lon reservoir.
$5500 — Fine roadhouse. 1 mile station, 5 miles
Ban Jose: corner 2 roads; 10(j acres land 22
acres level, balance rolling; 0 acres full bear-
ing orchard; large house, shade trees; wind-
mill and tank: large stable, sheds; poultry
houses; can't be beat.
We are making a specialty of 5 and 10 acre
homes on the electric road between Petaluma
and Sebastopol. with or without buildings, on a
very email cayment down and balance long
term at 6 per cent Interest. See them to-day.
Send stamp for large Printed List,
26 Montgomery St., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
YOUR OPPORTUNITY "
BTO SECURE A HOME.
CHOICE 10-ACRE TRACTS
IN SUTTER COUNTY.
BEST ORCHARD LAND
IN CALIFORNIA
AT EXTREMELY REASONABLE PRICES.
Address P. O. Box 51. Yuba City.
$23.000 — A. LARGE and old established, well
paying hotel business . with a flrst-clazs
equipage in all of Its departments, occupying
26,400 square feet, 3 frontages, in center of a
busy country city in a great cltrua belt, 85
miles north, of San Francisco; owner making
a fortune out of this plant, wishes to retire
from a continuous service of many years;
cash down $14,000, balance $9000. on mort-
gage. Photographs and particulars to buyers
only at 452 Eddy st.
LEASE sale or exchange for town property —
50 acres apple orchard; 1905 crop over 8000
boxes; Corralltop, near Watsonville. Ad-
dress. I. J. TRUMAN, Call building, from 12
to 2 p. m. :
FOR the best list of country .property, farms,
fruit and poultry ranches, etock ranches, al-
falfa and Umber lands send , for catalogue.
ROTHERMEL-& CO.. 507 California st.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, S. C. Co.,* 1 mile distant.
70 acres improved land, sub. 2% acres up; Al,
location, fruit, soli and water; beautiful
scenery. E. J. Toepfer, 871 Eddy; no agents.
ALFALFA irrigated lands. $25 per acre; $1
down. $1 month; no Interest Pamphlets at
INDEX LAND & B. CO.. - 241 Crosaley bid.
A STAMP brings our free catalogue lof country
land. BURR-PADDON, CO.. 40 Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. ' _^^
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Good city and country -real estate.
BURR-PADDON CO., 40 Montgomery St., S.F.
PALO ALTO REAL ESTATE.
CO-OPERATIVE Land and Trust Co. are the
ownors of large blocks of real estate In "The
Twin Cities." Palo -Alto and Mayfleld, tho
Stanford University towns; large lots, $300
and up; cement walks; graded streets, etc.;
small monthly payments; country property;
houses for rent. ' San Francisco | office, 720
Market: phone Front 31. Salesmen wanted. .
PIEDMONT REAL ESTATE.
IF you want a fine lot In the Alta Piedmont
Tract at a. bargain see me at once.
A forced sale makes a low price. W. M.
BUTTERS. Real Estate. Loans and Insur-
ance. . ...\u25a0\u25a0-'
468 Eleventh nt.. Oakland. Phone Oakland 3432.
HAIFJIOO.V BAY REAL ESTATE.
FINE beach lot, 50x165; 2 frontages; cheap.
Address box 2746, Call of flee.
GOVEJ^HEjVTJLAND.
WE will locate you on good Government land;
you are entitled to 820 acres of Government
land, 160 acres of agricultural land and also
160 acres of a timber claim. Call and see us
at 614 A Jones st Tel. East 4733. PACIFIC
LOCATING, DEVELOPING AND COLONI-
ZATION COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE W ANTED.
LAND wanted for subdivision; will buy out-
right or will Join owner In booming addition
or town site. MAXWELL, r. 1174. James
Flood bldg.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented: U. S. and foreign
patent laws. F. P. MEDINA. 532 Market st.
BERKELEY ADVERTWTS
SNAP. • . '
/ 5-rooni cottage, laundry, Dath, electric lights,
gaa; corner lot. 40x100; $2000.
2 lots adjoining corner, 40x100, $400 each.
5-room new shingled cottage, bath, laundry;
. large lot; two and a half blocks to Key Route
station. South Berkeley; electricity and gas;
¥2400; $300 dow"n, $20 per month.
C-room new cottage, two and a half blocks
from Key Route station; high basement; large
lot; bath, laundry, electric and gas ilxturus;
52700.
•2 new 2-story houses, 6 and 7 rooms; large
lot; modern in every respect; gas and electrici-
ty; $3000 and $3200; easy terms can be made.
Santa Fe lots In tracts 8, 11, 15 and 20, $750;
20 per cent down, $15 per month.
75 acres of orchard, near Haywards; price
$12,000; will subdivide or exchange for good
Berkeley or Oakland property, either business
or residence. •
10-acre orchard noar Haywards; $4500.
5 acres near city limits; may be subdivided
and sold in lots; $4000.
Bargain — Fine corner lot; all street work and
sidewalk done; $100 down, $10 per month. .
JOHNSON-BULLARD REALTY CO.,
3324 Adeline St.. South Berkeley.
OAKLAND AI)VEKT r B ? MTS
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAJL^ ESTATE.
~~ BELDEN^S BARGAINS.
$6000— Superb residence site; lot 100x152, on
crown of Blackstone Heights, one I block from
Telegraph aye.; choice surroundings; grand
view; will subdivide.
$2650 — An extra choice lot In Adams Point
Tract. 53x150; cheaper than list price, as owner
can't "utilize.
$1075 — Fine lot for home or flats on Eighth
St.. near nation: 37:6x156.
$1150 — Beautiful building site; 40x132, on
Vernon St.. Vernon Heights: grand view; high
terrac«. ' \u25a0
$2250 — Good speculation; lot 50x120. on 22d
St., where new Key-route train is going, near-
San Pablo aye.
$450 will buy 25x100 on Twenty-eighth st.,
near San Pablo aye.
$1250 — A lifetime chance; a northwest 35-ft.
corner lot; on crown of hill; Vernon Heights;
superb view; 1 block to cars; near Senator Per-
kins' mansion: 37:0 or 40 ft. at same rate; grab
It quick. BELDEN, Real Estate. 1112 Broad-
way, Oaklund.
I MUST HAVE THE
MONEY THIS WEEK.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL
BENEFIT BY MY. NECESSITY.
I will Fell, for considerably less than any
cf the adjacent lots can be bought for, one
of
THE MOST DESIRABLE"'LOTS
IN THE ALTA PIEDMONT TRACT.
OWNER GOING EAST.
All street work, sidewalks, sewers.
Water and gas mains complete; electric car
service; masniflcent view.
FACES TWO BROAD AVENUES.
Restricted building values, insure elegant
home surroundings.
You can clear $300 on this property.
IT IS GOING AT A SACRIFICE and IT IS
A SNAP.
Make me an offer to-day.' • .
W. S. WHITE. 26 Montgomery St., r. 8.
" LOANS
From $100. Any
Amount, Any Propo-
sition on Realty.
DU RAY SMITH,
42G Tenth st .....Tel. Oakland 4370.
EAST OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
~~CLEVENGER,
1220 Twenty-third Avenue.
$1200 — 6-room house. In a good location, handy
to street cars, with a fine lot, 44x144; this
is a snap for anybody who wants a com-
fortable heme at a bargain; $400 cash,
balance flat loan.
$2350— Fine, modern 6-room bungalow; every-
thing up to date; large lot; §500 cash.
$120 C— SpUndld lot, 100x200, with small house,
barn and other Improvements; part cash.
$1150 — 4-room house'; barn, chicken-yard and
garden plat; lot 50x250; 3 blocks from
street cars.
$1000 — Large house; well built and In a choice
location: hardwood finish.
Choice building lots at prices to suit ,your
purse.
The above are selected from among several
hundred pieces of property that we have for
tale. WE CAN SUIT YOU."
1220 23D AYE. • Phone Vale 2501.
23D AYE. STATION. ,
OAKLUND^PUBNITyRBj^FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furniture.
H. Schellhaas, nth St.. cor. store, Oakland.
San Francisco AdvertYents
UOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH aye., 043— 3 large unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. Apply 042 Grove st.
BRYANT, Hi— Two or three sunny front rooms
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
EDDY. 332 — Ail kinds of roums; housekeeping
or slnels: iiunny.
FOURTH, 225—2 nice housekeeping roomß.
GEARY, 1225 — Finely furnished large front
suites complete for housekeeping, baths and
all conveniences: also other rooms at very
reasonable rates.
GEARY, •• 1276 — Fine sunny front suite com-
plete for housekeeping; unexcelled neighbor-
hood; private family; only $20 per month.
HOWARD. B^3— Large nunny fur. room; light
hakpg.; couple. 2 or 3 work, girls; $3 50 wk.
HOWARD, 113OV4— Sunny housekeeping rooms,
bath and stationary washtube. ;
JESSIE, 323— Sunny room, furnished, house-
keeplng, gas range; sink; $2 75 and $3 week.
LARKIN, 1042— For rent, sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms. .. -. \u25a0 -
MARKET. 1027%— Nice front suite of house-
keeping rooms with gas; other rooms; light
housekeeping. \u25a0 .
NINTH. 124— Large front bay window suite
. for housekeeping; gas stove; grate. $16.
OAK, 117, or 14 Page— Complete for house-
keeplng; $5 to $12; hot bath; laundry; adulta.
POLK, 601 — One front • room for light house-
keeping; or suitable, for two gentlemen. \u25a0
SIXTH, 3U3 — Nicely furnished sunny bay win-
dow looms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per.
month. ,'•
SIXTH, 43t;»/4— Nicely furnished single or
double rooms complete, for light housekeep-
ing; nice quiet family; rent very reasonable.;
.STEVENSON, 255— Rooms to let cheap; $1 25
week ; also housekeeping rooms. ,
BUTTER. : 871— Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete • for housekeeping, either' single or al-
cove suites; sun all day. J
SUTTER. * 2302 — Elegantly furnished eunny
suites for ' housekeeping; regular kitchen;
phone; piano; reasonable. . r . . _. ,
TEHAMA; 3—4 . housekeeping rooms; business
location; rent cheap. \u25a0 . v ,
TENTH, 162— Nicely I furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; suites $12 per month.
Single furnlahed room? $6 per month. .
THIRD, 354% — Nice ? sunny housekeeping
' rooms -to let at reasonable rates. : '
TURK. 802 — Nice and ' convenient /.furnished
rooms complete for > housekeeping; gaa range, .
water, etc.; reasonable rent.
RjO^M£^FO^HOJ[JSEKEEPING-- ; Con.
TURK. 816 — Parlor floor, 4 rooms, furnished,
for housekeeping; private. '\u25a0
TURK. 1159 — Nice front suite for light house-
keepl'ng In new modern fiat ; also fine single
rooms at very reasonable rates; single rooms
\u25a0 desirable for students who can have board
if desired; nice quiet family.
TWENTIETH. 2609, cor. Valencia — Nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; regular
kitchen.
VAN NESS aye., 712— Nicely furnished single
: rooms at $6 per month; also other rooms at
reasonable rates." - .
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Nicely furnished sunny
' rooms complete for housekeeping from $7 up
per month.
VALENCIA, 223— Large front bay window ai-
cove, sunny, • neatly furnished, large kitchen
complete for housekeeping; gas range; phone;
very reasonable; adulta. . - '\u25a0 .
APARTMENT HOUSES.
NEW 4-story corner apartment-house; sunny
side; open for inspection and reservation; all
suites have modern kitchens; electric lights,
etc. Apply 231 Oth st.. opp.; tel. Howard 2670.
A— KENILWORTH, cor. Bush, Pow«ll— 3-room
sunny aparts.; single rooms; modern; reas.
ROSSWELL Apartments. 1360 Pine, near Hyde
— 2. 3 and 4 rooms, with bath; steam heat.
RANDALL Apartments, 120 Pierce st. — 1 un-
furnlshed rooms: exceptional: only 2 left.
ROOMS TO LF.T— -Furn. and Unfnrn.
HOTEL ST. KATHRYN. ~ "
Corner Ellis and Leavenworth" sts..
In the heart of the city.
300 rooms; 100 baths.
Modern in every detail.
Rates $H to $15 per week.
Rooms, with DrlA'ate bath, $1 day.
Tourist travel solicited.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week und
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASH aye., \u25a0 22, nAr Polk — Pleasant, sunny
room; quiet, private family: $7; central.
BELMOND House, over Owl Drugstore: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights, runnins water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night. $1 23 to $4 week.
BURTON Hotel, 1126 Howard st.— loo rooms;
new house; modern; $1 25 to $3 per week.
BUSH, 1940— Nicely furnished rooms suitable
. for two or three gentlemen; sunny and
pleasant: reasonable.
BROADWAY. 934— Large sunny furnished room
with grate to let.
CALIFORNIA, 1424— Sunny front furnished
\u25a0 rooms to let; all new.
DEVISADERO, ISl4— Nicely furnished sunny
rms.; up-to-date flat; private family; reaa.
ELLIS. 3 — Sunny furnished rooms; reasonble.
EDDY. 878 — A modern flat; newly furnished; 2
or '& room suite; single rooms; beautiful house-
keeplng rooms; plenty of light and sunshine.
FULTON. 231— Single rooms; all improve-
ments; gentlemen; walking distance Market.
GALT HOUSE. 1206 Market st. — Choice rooms
by day, week or month; central location.
GEARY, 376 — Rooms to let; single, double and
en BUlte; rents reasonable.
HAIGHT, S92— Nice sunny rooms; elngle or
en suite.
HARRIET, 35. off Sixth— Light room; 1 gentle-
man; $0 a month.
HICKORY aye., 251— Completely furnished
rcoma to let.
HOTEL Hamilton and cafe, 125 Ellis bet.
Powell & Mason sts., S. F.— Rms $1 to $3 per
day; steam heat & telephone in each room.
JONES, 1316— Two fine sunny unfurnished
rooms; reasonable.
KEARNY, 323—3 rooms or first floor, fur-
nished or unfurnished; suitable for business.
LARKIN. 819Vi— Sunny front room, suitable
for lady or gentleman. $8 per month.
LEXINGTON aye., 135, bet. ISth and 19th—
Nicely furnished room in Mission warm belt;
rent very reasonable; quiet family.
METROPOLITAN HOTEL, 129 Third St.— loo
. slnsle and family rooms, 85c to $1 50 rer
day; $2 to $8 week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor; hot and cold
\u25a0 water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room, and gives frte baths and ele-
vator day and night to its euests.
MISSION. .S23— Sunny furnished room.
POLK, 622 — Three unfurnished or furnished
rooms.
RIO VISTA HOTEL. 253 Third «t.. near How-
ard — New house with modern conveniences:
rooms en suite arid single; rates by day, 35c
up; by week, $2 up; baths free to eruests.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 4oo
rooms. 3uc to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read-room; free bus, baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Gth and Howard — No better
transient house in city; rooms 15c to 50c'
cer nieht: 90c to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st., nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable, 700 rooms,
35c to $1 50 nightly, $2 to $8 week; elevator;
el«c. lights; reading-room; free bus, baggage.
«\u25a0**— -»'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0! i \u25a0»\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 nil! mi in ii \u25a0.\u25a0in \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0an i i »——\u25a0\u25a0» *
nOOMS AND BOARD.
THE MAISON TENCE,
640 GEARY STREET.
Tills house has Just been opened by Madame
Tence, formerly of 453 Ellis st., and will be
conducted as a strictly first-class respectable
boarding-house. The location is of the best
and the French table board unsurpassed.
Fine suites and single rooms with all-con-
' venlences; rates most reasonable.
A LARGE handsomely furnished sunny front
room; bay window, hot water and connecting
room; suitable for two or four, with excel-
lent board in private family; near park;
reasonable. Phone Page 3356. Box 4540, Call.
HOTEL WENTWORTH, 657 Bush St.— Fine
furnished sunny single rooms with board,
$30 to $35 per month: modern suites for two
with board. $60 per month; central location
and convenient.
VAN NESS aye., SOO. cor. Eddy (The.Alta
Vista) — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms
with excellent table board; reasonable rates.
THE old Stevenson mansion at 807 California
Et. has line and lightly rooms; best of
table beard at lowest rates in city; fine bil-
liard-room for use of guests.
EDDY. 530 (Hotel Garland)— Newly furnished
suites; modern and single rooms
and private baths; excellent table board;
. reasonable rates.
ELLIP. 1204— Newly furnished bright and eun-
ny rooms with board, fcr married couples or
single gentlemen; good home cooking; free
phone and bath; inspection invited.
ELLIS, 12fi5— Large finely furnished rooms,
with or without board; all conveniences; fine
locality; good car service; homelike; rates
low.
BUSH, 1305, near Larkln — Newly . furnlahed
front room; excellent table board; home com-
forts.
CALIFORNIA, 1350— Nicely furnished rooms
and board in good Spanish family; American
and Spanish cooking; rererences,
HYDE, 612 A —Newly furnished rooms in nice,
quiet family; good fable board with home
cooking; single $22 50 per month; for two $45.
EDDY; 722 — Nicely furnished rooms with all
comforts of home; convenient; German cook-
ing; reasonable rates. . . • . .
FOURTEENTH, 824 — Pleasant rooms and
board, with bath; suitable for 2 or 4 young
, men; ready Monday. ...... . .
LIBERTY, 30— Fine furnished double and sin-
gle rooms; hot and cold water; baths and all
conveniences; excellent table board.
McALLISTER, 612 — Sunny rooms; home cook-
ing; phone; one, $22 50; two, $40, $45, table
board. \u25a0 '\u25a0 ,
SEVENTH. 252— Newly furn. rooms; sun all
day; with or" without .board; first class; new
home. .. \u25a0-\u25a0• : . -
BUSH, 1735— 2 sunny furnished rooms, en suite
or, single; private; German; board optional.
GEARY, 6*o (Malson Tence)— Fine front
suites; splendid French table board; reas.
GOOD board and room; 3 meals $20 month.
No. 1 1 . Martha dace, off Geary st.
LAGUNA' 1301; cor. Ellis— Sunny 'rooms, with
board; best home cooking; private: reas.; re<.
GEARY, 640- (Maison Tence) — Fine furnished
suites or single; best French table board.
VAN NESS aye.. 503 (Hotel McAllister)— Ele-
gant furnished suites; private baths; flno
table board; good location.
LEAVENWORTH, 1235, apartment 1239 — Sun.
Ny room; board for 2 gents; horn* comforts.'
O'FARRELL. 1770— Rooms and board; private
r Jewish family. \u25a0 : . \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•,; ' ' .'
PINE. 7S7— Sunny rooms; good homa cooking;
, $22 50 up. •-.;•.- »
STOItAGE ATO
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Main office Eddy and Flllmore: tel. West 823.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
Bt. : tel. Main, 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc offlce. 1021 Market St.. near SUth.
ALL kinds second-hand. S3. $3. (S; slightly
used. $10, $15, $20. You know where dolls
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FKElLK^S*9ne^alve7lSr^er
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding
- itching, external. Internal or protruding piles
without fail, no matter of how long standing;
also fistula. 1656 Devlsadero st... near Sutter.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
A TYPE WRITErIs "the l^t~hollday~ gTftTeT
peel ally for the boy or girl; partly used $100
machines of all makes from $20; fully guar-
anteed; rentals from $2 50 month. W.
SCOTT. 207 Montgomery st.
AN exceptionally good No. .2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals. $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st
FOR sale — Very cheap, a Fisher billing and
bookwrlting typewriter. MUNICIPAL LOAN
OFFICE. 9C7 Market at. .
WAREHOUSE TO LEASE.
FIVE-STORT building, basement and electrlo
elevator: about 9t>ou sq. ft. for storage or
' manufacturing; Stevenson st.. near 7th. J.
V. VICTOR. Majestic bldg.. 12S1 Market st.
DIVIDENDNOTICESL
DIVIDEND Notice. California Safe Deposit and
Trust Co., corner California and Montgomery
sts. For the six months ending December
31, 1905, dividends have been declaiVd on the
deDoslts in the savlnss department of this
company as follows: On term deDOsits, at
the rate of 3 0-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3\i per
cent Der annum, free of taxes, and payable
on and after Tuesday. January 2. IDG'J. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice — Italian-American Bank,
460 Montgomery St.. corner Sacramento and
Montgomery sts. For me half year ending
December SI, IWS. a dividend has been de-
clared on all savings deposits at the rate of
3 60-100 per cent per annum, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday. January 2.
1906. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the came rate of Interest as the
principal. A. E. SBARBORO. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. Mechanics' Savings Bank.
143 Montgomery st.. corner. Bush — For the
half year ending December 31, 1905, a divi-
dend has been declared on all savings de-
posits, free of taxes, at the rate of three and
one-half (3%) per cent per annum, payable
on and after Tuesday, January« 2. 1906. Divi-
dends not called for are added to and bear
the same rate of interest as principal. Inter-
. est paid from date of deposit.
JNO. U. CALKINS. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank,
of San Francisco. 710 Market «t. — For the"
half-year ending- December 31. 1905. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-half (3%) per cent per annum on
all deposits; compounding seml-annually,
free of taxes, and payable on and after
Tuesday, January 2. 190ti.
GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice. San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California St.. cor. Webb— For the
half year ending with Dec. 31. 1906. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rates per an-
num of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Jan.
2, 1906. LOVELL WHITE, caahier. t
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 301 California st.. San Francisco, hae
declared a dividend for the six months ending
December 31. 1905, of 5 per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent on term de-
posits and 8 per cent on class "F" stock,
payable on and after January 6. 1906.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN, Secretary.. ,
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK. 315 Montgomery
et.; for the half year ending Dec. 31. 1903,
a dividend hae been declared at the rate of
three and one-half (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on or after January 2. 1906. LEON BOC-
QUERAZ. Secretary. -
DIVIDEND notice. German Savings and Loan
Society. 620 California st. — For the half year
ending Dec. 31, 1305. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday,
Jan. 2. laofl OEORGE TOI7RNY. Secretary.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
NORCROSS Institute cures stammering; new.
scientific, complete. Office, Market & Taylor.
CARDS AND INVITATIONS.
Engraved wedding Invitations, visiting & busi-
ness cards, crests, etc. > high-class work; mod*
crate rates. J. H. Duncan, 12ti Keamy, rs. 1-2.
EIRTHS-KABEIAGES-EEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication oftlees and be
indorsed with tha name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
ATLOTT— In this city. December 17, 1903. to
the wife of Frederick Aylott, a daughter.
CAMPBELL— In this city, December 10. 10C5.
to the wife of A. Campbell, a daughter.
HOLZKAMP— In this city, December 14. ISOS,
to the wife of C. Holzkamp. a son.
! LOCKWOOD— In Oakland, Cal., December 22.
1905, to the wife of Edward S. Lockwood,
a con.
ROLPH— In this city. December 24. 1905. to
the wife of James Rolph Jr.. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERGMANN— WEBER— In this city. Dfcem-
ber 24. 1905. by the Rev. Paul Branke.
August F. Bergmann and Lillie E. Weber,
both of this city.
DIED.
Abrams, Hattle. 4S Paradiso. Jennie. 32
Adams. Laura E."K. Parkinson. John A.. 24
Anderson. Marsraret,ss Reinert. Elizabeth, 89
Behre Elizabeth. 80 Rice, Elizabeth. 63
Calhoun, George* S., 35 fcanbom. Sheffield, 33
Desmond, Timothy, 18 Shaw, Mrs. Louise. 33
Farren Margaret L. Shorey. Albert. (58
Gonzahz, Manual E..C2 Smith. Nick C.
Hofleng, Mary M.. 1 • Sullivan. Cornelius, 20
Jonas. Fannie E. Tlchenor. Anson, 3S
Kohler. Charles. 73 Tusher. Helena S., 1
Mathews. Caroline. Wagner, Henry. 46
Niedt, Anton. 82 AVamsley, Frank E.. 1
Neely. Hugh, 73 Webb. Minnie, 17
O'Connor, Catherlne.7o Wilson, William, 75
ABRAMS — Hattle Abrams, beloved wife of
Max Abrams, beloved mother of Joseph and
.Mathlla Abrams, and sister of Mrs. H.
Abrams. Mrs. H. Appleton. Mrs. H. Bloom
and Raw Michaels of Los Angeles, a native
of New York, aged 43 years 3 months and 21
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral serrtcas
to-day (Monday). December 25, at 10 o'clock
a. m., at her late residence, 1230 Jackson
street. Interment HUI3 of Eternity Cem-
etery, by 11:30 a. m. train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ADAMS — In this city. December 24, 1905,
Laura E. K. Adams, beloved mother of Mrs.
E. B. Kellogg and Edward Mills Adams.
ICXFrlends are invited to attend the
funeral eervlces Tuesday. December 26. at 2
o'clock p. m., at 2421 Pacific avenue. Inter-
ment private. - -
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospital.
December 24. 1905, Margaret Anderson, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 65 years.
BEHRE— In this city, December 23. 1303.
Elisabeth Behre. beloved wife of Frederick
"Behre, and mother of Fred J., Ernest J. and
Charles L. Behre. a native of Eppingen. Ger-
many, aged 80 years 8 months and 1 day.
jCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, December 26. at 12 o'clock m., at
CHAS. H, J. TRUMAN & CO. I
The Leading; .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS
Of San Francisco.
1909 MISSION STREET
Bet. 15th and 16th. Telephone Mission 109
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.
. Formerly With McGinn Bros.
— ; — Funeral Directors and Embalmers—
214 Eddy St. Tel. East 86.
her late residence, 169 Albion avtnus. be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth. thenc» ta
Etnanuel Evangelical Church, corner Twelfth
and Stevenson streets, at 1 o'clock p. m. Itt-
terroent Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
CALHOUN— In Oakland. Cal. December 2S.
1905, Georg© S. Calhoun, beloved husband: of
Matilda Calhoun, and brother of Mrs. J. M.
E. Atkinson and Isaac and Rufua Calhoun.
a native of Port Townsend. Wash., agedi 35
years 11 months anii 15 days. A member of
Port Townsend Lodge, B. P. O. EL (Port
Townsend, Seattle and Honolulu papers pleaso
copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Tuesday). December 2»), at 2
o'clock p. m.. at Elks' Hall. 414 Fourteenth
street, Oakland, under the auspices of Oak-
land Lodge No. 171. B. P. O. E*. Interment
strictly private.
DESMOND— In this city. December 23. lOCS.
Timothy Desmond, a native of Ireland, as? 1
6S years.
FARREN— In this city. December 23. 19C5.
Margaret L.. beloved daughter of Catherine
and the lute William. D. Farren. a native of
California.
IC7"rha funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m.. from, her lat« resl-
dfr.ee. 1510 Masonic avenue, thence to St.
Agnes Church for services at 2p. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electrlo
funeral car from Eighteenth, and Guerrero
streets.
GONZALEZ— In thU city. December 21. 1305.
Manuel E. Gonzalez, a native of California,
aged 52 years. (Vallejo papers plead* ccpy.>
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). December 26. at 10 a. m.. from
the parlors of lU'.h*! & Co.. Wt! Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Holy Crosa Cemetery, by train at 11 :30 a. m.
from. Third and Townsend streets.
HOFLENG— In Haywards. December 24, 1905.
Mary Miles HoCeng. beloved daughter of
Frank and Nellie Hotleng. a native of Hay-
wards. Cal.. aged 1 year 7 months and 3
days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, December 20. at 11 o'clock a. m..
at Haywards. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland.
JONAS— In this city. December 2». 1005.
Fannie f^ Jonas, beloved mother of M. G.
Jonas, and sistsr of Mrs. Tallmadge Dela-
field of Tacoma and Aaron Blrdsall of this
city.
pyOfflcera and members of California Re-
bekah Lodge No. 1 and Veteran Rebelcab,
Association. I. O. O. F.. are requested to at-
tend the funeral of cur lat» sister. Fannie E.
Jonas, from, I. O. O. F. Hall Seventh and
Market streets, Tuesday, at 10 a. m.
EMMA HYMAN. N. O.
JENNIE LYSER. Rec. Sec.
KOHLER— In Oakland. December 24, 1303,
Charles Kohler. husband of the late Gene-
vleve Kohler. andi beloved father of Justin*
R. anri May T. Kohler. a native of Oermany,
aged 75 yeara 3 months and li> days.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MATHEWS— Ia Alameda. December 24, 1905.
at tho residence of her daughter. 1229 Col-
lege avenue. Caroline Mathews. mother of
Mrs. J. J. Armstrong- and David, Mathews. a
native ©f Pennsylvania.
NEELY— In this city. December 24. 1803. Hugh
Neely. beloved husband! of Ellen Neely, and
tather of John J. Neely and! Mrs. M. J.
Stephens, a native of Donegal. Ireland, aged
73 years.
ICFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
te- morrow (Tuesday). December 28, at O
o'clock a. m., from hU late residence, 1803
Btockton street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated;
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 a. m.. thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
Interment private. No Cowers.
NIEDT— In Oakland, Cal., December 23. 1005.
at Green street and Hallett avenue. Emery-
ville. Anton, beloved husband of Bertha
Ntedt. and father of Rudolph. Annie. Henry.
Anton, Edward and John Nledt. a native of
Germany, asted &i years 1 month and 2t>
days.
C^T" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. December 26. at the home at 12:43
o'clock and at I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of
Eleventh and Franklin streets, at 2 o'clock
p. in., under the auaplcea of Oakland Lodze
No. lIS. I. O. O. F.
O'CONNOR— In thia city, December 23, 19C5.
Catherine O'Connor, beloved sister of Abbl»
Moynlhan. Mrs. Ellen Kendrick and l&'.sa
Hannah O'Connor, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7*Fri«nds and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrovr
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late rest-
dence. 737 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass wilt
be celebrated for the repose of her soul ac
9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PARADISO— In this city, December 23, 1905.
Jennie Paradiso, beloved wife of John Para-
diso, mother of Louis Paradiso, and sister of
James H. and Charles Stoddard. Mrs. Fannia
Berser and Alma. Stoddard. a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years. (Milwaukee and,
Pasadena papers please copy.)
E7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. December 20. at 1 o'clock p. m..
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment Cypreaa Lawn
Cemetery.
PARKINSON— In this city. December 23.
1905, John Andrew, beloved son of Mar-
garet and the late Thomas Parkinson, and
devoted brother of Robert. Richard, Ed-
ward, George and Thomae Parkinson, a
native of County Fermanagh. Ireland, aged
24 years 10 months and 5 days.
py Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from hut
late, residence. 628 Harrison street, between
Second and Third. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townseod streets.
REINERT— In this city. December 24. 1005.
Elizabeth Relnert. beloved mother of Mr». '
Catherine Wyman, Mrs. A P. Wagner. Mnj.
Louisa Kilhmyer. Mrs. A. D. Allen ami
John J. Allen, a native of Germany, aged
?9 years.
RICE — In this city. December 23. 1903, Eliza-
beth Rice beloved -wife of the late Zenas
Rice, and mother of George A-, Robert I*.
William. Ottomua and Harry Rica and Mm.
Ltllle. Inman of Eureka. Cal., a native of
Ireland, aged 63 years.
SANBORN— At Nordhoff. Ventura County. De-
cember 22. 1905. Sheffield 8. Sanborn. hus-
band of *Tancec Baldwin Sanborn. aged 33
yeara.
SHAW — In Los Angeles, December 24. 1905.
Mrs. LouUe Shaw, beloved wife of C. P.
Shaw, daughter of Mrs. M. L. Pechart. and
sister of Mrs F. Wenger. Mrs. R. H. Reeder.
Mrs. F. A. Beckwlth «nd Louis. Frank. Jo#.
Emlle. Edmond and August P«chart, » native
of California, aged S6 years.
SHOREY — In Oakland. December 24. 10C3,
Albert, beloved husband of Harriet Shorey,
and father of Mrs. Henry L. Corson. a na-
tive of Maine, aged 63 years 10 months and
22 days.
SMITH— Id Los Angeles. December 24. 19C3.
Nick C. Smith, beloved son of Mary S. an I
A. S. Smith, husband of Amanda Stnttb. aa4
father of Nick G. Smith.
C7Remalns to arrive In this city Tuesday.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 24. 13C5.
at his residence. 34 Alvarado street, 'near-
Guerrero, Cornelius, dearly beloved son 3f
Patrick and Mary Sullivan, and brother o!
Margaret. Daniel and Alans Sullivan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years 1 month
and 11 days.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
TTCHENOR — In Dunbarton. Monter«y County.
Cal.. December 24. 1905. Anaon Tlchenor, a
nativa of Lincoln. Nebr.. aged 3S years.
TUSHER— In Oakland. December 23. 1905.
Helena' Susan, beloved daughter of Fr^derirlc
G. and Helen Tusher. a native of Oakland,
Cal.. aged 1 year 1 month and 14 days.
\u25a0WAGNER— In this city. December 24. 1905.
Henry Wagner, a native of Germany, agtd;
48 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to- morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m., from th» parlor*
of McFadden. Mcßrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. Jn-
ttrment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by tJUEB
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
WAiISLET— In this city. December 23 10C3.
Franlc. Eldo, dearly beloved son of Franlc
and Mary Wamsley, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 2 months ani 23 days.
WEBB— In this city, December 24, 1903.
Minnie, beloved; daughter of William Webb
and tho late Grace Webb, and niece of Mrs. •
Palmer. John Still. Samuel Still, Richard
Webb, Samuel Webb and Minnie Gurnee. a
native of San Francisco, aged 17 years a
months and 24 daya.
(C7Frien.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
at 11 a. m.. from the residence of her aunt.
2296 Howard street. Interment Cypreaa
Lawn Cemetery, by electrtc funeral car f ron»
corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets ac
11:30 a. m.
WILSON— Ia Clayton. Contra Costa County.
Cal- December 23. 19C3, William Wilson,
husband of Sarah Wilson, and father of Isa-
bella and William Wilson, a native of Ire-
land, axed 75 years.
CTThe funeral will take place Tuesday.
December 28. from the family residence at
Clayton at 11 a. m.. thence to Oakland Cre-
matory, where cremation will take, place.
leaving Martinez by the 3:15 train.
WOODLAWN CEMETERY,
San Matao County.
MASOXIC CEMETEItT ASSOCIATION".
556 James Flood BulWlas. S. F.
910
BLACK HAND
DRAWS KNIFE
ONCE MORE
i Anastasio Oiusto, Mistaken
\ . . for Brother Who Is 3larked,
.;. Set Upon and Stabbed
: .as He Enters His Home
d\"E 3IAX ABRESTED
AS AX ASSAILANT
Donippo Alessauda, Who Is
Accused of Being One of
the Band, Dragged From
. Under Bed hy Detective
.] ' Six men who were lying In wait for
. \u25a0Luis' Giusti Id the hallway of a lodg
• Ing-house at 1009 New Montgomery
'. ftreet last night fell upon his brother,
, Anastaso, who resembles him consid
. trably. Anastaso was stabbed in the
Jfcack by one of the thugs and left for
.dead in the hallway. A man who was
1 charged with having done the stabbing
... vat arrested by Detective Coleman. He
• pave ills name as Bonippo Alessanda.
lie refused to tell who his companion*
•' were.
;.' The woundsd man's brother, for
whom the knif> thrust was intended,
. arrived a few minutes later and found
Annstaso lying la a pool of blood.
; Giusti made himself obnoxious to an
\u25a0 organized gang of cut-throats who
•ver* Implicated in the Brogardo mur
• tier. . The same gang plotted the death
•of Braggio Vilaxdo and selected Pietro
' Torturici to do the deed.
The wound received by the latest
'\vjetlm of the Mafia, while serious, is
\u25a0.not necessarily fatal. Anastaso Giusti
saAvthe assassins of his brother just as
he entered the hallway. He turned to
run and the knife entered his back,
grlancing along a lower rib.
His shrieks frightened away th© thugs.
"Phe brother for whom the cowardly
Thrust was intended arrived just as the
..last of the gang disappeared. Policemen
•-Wrfn, Nelson and Lycette responded to
*&la shouts for help.
'••_. The wounded man was carried to Cale
..garls' drug store, at the corner of Pacific
• aiid Kearny streets, and Dr. C. Gambotto
• <va». called in. None of the dozen or more
•Italians who followed the man into the
-'drug store would discuss the case. The
vroanded man himself seemed afraid to
•ifflk.
\u25a0••. Detective Thomas Coleman, who is fam
' I liar with the Brogardo case and worked
on the Torturici case, was called In. He
rnanaeed to find out that Luigi Giusti had
befriended Erogardo. This was the "of
fense" that cost Biaggio Vllardo his life.
"The officer also learned that Luigi Giusti
'\u25a0 was intimate with several of the wit
nestcs in that case. They had received
• 'learnings not to talk — po had Luigi Giusti.
:\u25a0". Detective Coleman 1* certain that the
/\u25a0same gang that killed Brogardo and
• jrtoued the death of Biaggio Vilardo
\u25a0was attempting to wreak vengeance on
Luigi Giusti last night. The brother
who was mistaken for him by the as
sassins Is a recent arrival from Italy.
Ip to a late hour no trace of the assas
sins had been found. They are probably
FB.fe in their haunts in the Latin quarter,
for no Italian, if he did know of the
crime, dare talk. As did the Italians who
might have given details of the plot be
hind Vilardo's brutal murder, those who
apparently knew about the assault on
Anastaro Giusti last night refused to talk.
Even the brother is reluctant.
"Six men were waiting. They did it.
Maybe it was a quarrel over a woman,"
- he said.
But from the circumstances. Detective
Coleman U certain that the Mafia, Black
Hand or whatever name may be given to
The gang that killed Brogardo and dele
| Rated a man to slay and mutilate Vllardo,
/x>taile<J these six to kill Luigi Giusti.
\Boropho Alessanda was found hiding un
• <ler the bed in his room, 818 Sansome
"street, by Detective Coleman. He ad
mitted that he had got into a row with
-. come one at 1009 New Montgomery street,
'. hut said that he used no knife. He also
declared that no one- was with him at
. The time. \u25a0*'• •'-
PERSONAL.
1L F. Tarpey Is at the PaJace.
• VT. E. Crothers, a lawyer of San Jose,
' In at the Palace.
W. F. Detert, a mining man of Jack
• «on, Cal., is at the Lack.
W. J. Devereaux of Glenwood Springs,
Colorado, Is at the Palace.
Colonel Herman Davis, a mining- man
• of I>ayton, Nevada, is at the Grand.
Sam M. Xewmark and Phineas Nctc
.* ajark, prominent men of l»os Angreles, are
•st tlie Palace.
. • J. 11. Ackerman, a prominent business
' man of Salem. Oregon, is at the Occl.den
'. 'tal with his wife.
iIAM SEA BIRDS ARE
FAST DISAFPEARLXG
\u25a0 « No one knows better than the sailor or
the ehore hunter how the eea birds may
• be exterminated and no one better than
tfie Indian or the trapper of the deep
•woods how sometimes the wildest and
most abundant land species may disap
pear. The wonderful great auk. or gare
*' fowl, has, within the memory of men
now living, bfen hunted from the face of
.The earth so that Its skins and egg>- are
now worth their weight in gold. Practi
cally the beautiful wild pigeon, which
once darkened the ekies with its vast
and cloud-like flight, has met the same
fe.ie, though Email colonies of It in remote
\u25a0 pots undoubtedly still exist. The eastern
pinnated grouse !» alao practically extinct.
In the Chatham Islands alone, in the Pa-
Iciftc, seventeen species of birds have be
come extinct.
' On all the islands of the sea and at all
lh© shore spots to which sea birds resort
the work of slaughter is being carried on
quite relentlessly. Largely for purely hu
mane reasons and incidentally in the in
terest of science the National Association
of Audubon Societies is engaged in the
work of trying to save the sea birds
from extermination. Several species arc
being systematically destroyed for their
feathers. Fashion, of course, does not care
whether these beautiful creatures arc ex
terminated or not. The scarcer they be
come up to the point of their actual dis
appearance the greater are the prices
realized for their feathers and the deeper
th<j joy taken by the wearer of the orna
ment. And when at last they are all gone
— why, there will bo another of . God'»
crcat'.ire* to put through the same pro
cess.
Thla assopiatftn has forty wardens
Ku&rding some of the key colonies of
these sea birds. This may guarantee
them from total destruction at present,
but docs not insure the maintenance of
the birds of the species in question in
«uch numbers as to render their preserva
tion sure. Instead of forty wardens the
tociely ought to have 390.— New York
ORPHEUM ROAD
SHOW GLITTERS
Five of Turns Presented by
Traveling* Aggregation Are
Among Best of Their Class
SUPERIOR VAUDEVILLE
Many First-Class Attractions
for Patrons of the Popu
lar Home of Variety
Tha Orpheum Road Show opened yes
terday afternoon with much "a-claw,"
as Teddy Webb says. It glitters hard
where it does glitter, and Edgar Bixley
does the rest. Five turns the best of
their class, two fair to middling and one,
for luck, the worst, make up this de luxe
edition of vaudeville. And it glitters
where it does glitter.
Perhaps the Kloes sisters still do most
of the glittering, as they Btill furnish
the thrills of the bill. And they do it
with one hand behind them, except when
the black-haired Kloes reaches out both,
of hers, and the other two use them, or
rather, the arms, for horizontal bars. She
Is hanging from the chandelier by one
foot at the time, which doubtless makes
it easier. Then, the sisters cannot weigh
more than 130 pounds apiece. These
chiefly amuse themselves by lounging
around on the atmosphere, hung up by
one arm- The act is as deft as it is
daring and the acme of grace.
The next best Is that of Merlan's dogs,
that have also been seen here before.
They will be as welcome again, Merian's
dogs are the Mansfield's Mrs. Fiske of
dogdom. It will be remembered. They
are a stock company of thirteen canines
and they play a problem drama entitled
"A Faithless Woman."
It is not a play for the young person.
Hennele. enacted with much spirit by
Miss Fido, is almost human In her de
pravity, and Seppl, her lover, essayed
with marked distinction by Herr Fillax,
is a rcsrular Don Juan. Tbfl Injured hus
band, Pratzenbauer, is played as before
by Mr. Bobby, and the policeman by Mr.
Pino. They didn't miss a cue, these
canines. The scene Is remarkably pretty,
and It Is just as comical as before to see
the giant Merian come into the baby city
when the act is over. He is "-behind" be
fore, where all good stage managers
should be.
The Colonial Septette again Is entirely
new, and as seasonably pretty as it Is
n«w. The act Is a musical one, but given
with picture and an engaging dramatic
flavor. The flavor is colonial, and the
seven clever folk of the septette give it
full point. They have the prettiest of the
scenery the Road Show runs to this
year, with the road through a Virginia
forest— with the tenor gentleman pretty
busy therein, and the drawing-room of a
colonial mansion. It Is when they reach
the drawing-room that the patched and
curled ladles three, and the male quar
tette begin to play. They play anything,
mostly- long-distance trumpets, horns,
strings, cornets and all takingly. They
end up with a very fetching edition of the
Floradora sextette. Not colonial? But it
should have been.
Campbell and Johnson begin the bill.
They cycle about as well as It can be
done, on large wheels, email wheels, one
wheel and the grindstone. But Campbell
and Johnson call themselves "comedy"
acrobats, and they are Just that. Even
Mr. Rosner laughed. He laughed when
Campbell— or Johnson?— turned a somer
sault oyer his head right into the audi
ence. He says, though, that he is going
to wear an apple to-night.
The Ford brothers and sisters are also
new. In detachments they have been here
before — the two sisters last year. The
brothers were of the chief lights of the
Dockstadter Minstrels. The Fords dance,
none better. They are "clog" artists, and
Saurets at the heel and toe.
Then there are Jules and Ella Garrison,
with a turn in "An Ancient Roman" that
Is co good that it ought to be better.
There Is an "Aida" scene at the first that
Is peculiarly splendiferous for vaudeville,
and the dramatized- super Is a distinct
feature. A Cook's tourist gets lost in one
of the pyramids and meets the shade of
Marc Antony on the still hunt for new
Jokes. Marc presently summons his ar
my, and the super comes to his own. The
act needs cutting and smartening, but it
Is full of good stuff. Winona Winter, the
"Alabama Blossom," sings. She looks
prettier. But for anything but a road
show this pretty lass Is good vaudeville,
and her ventriloquial act is distinctly
novel and clever. As It is Christmas, I'll
make Mr. Edgar Blxley a present of my
silence. Some of the other people liked
him.
BLANCHE PARTTNGTON.
REPUBLIC OP POLAXD
COMING IN NEAR FUTURE
Dismembered Poland presents much
more of a problem than independent Po
land possibly could, on account of its rev
olutionary propaganda and its growing
strength. The Poles are more numerous
than ever before and their increase 13
rapid. Furthermore there now exists
among all classes of Poles— nobles, clergy,
bourgeoisie and peasants— a sympathy and
sen^e of unity unprecedented in the Pol
ish history- Even with the Polish social
ists the first aim is to secure Polish inde
pendence. All three empires among which
Poland was divided have mistrusted one
another because of their common guilt
Each lives In fear of encroachment. Es
pecially are Austria and Russia suspi
cious of Germany because of the well
known German ambition for the Drang
nach Osten.
From all these considerations the Poles
reason that Austria will take the first
step toward the restoration of Polish in
dependence, for the sake of having a
buffer state to serve as a safeguard
against encroachment. It is expected that
Austria will first propose the move to
Russia and that the two will then bring
diplomatic Influence to bear on Germany,
with the result that each power will re
store Its share of Poland, to reduce th©
number of Its domestic and frontier prob-
How soon the Polea expect this hope to
be realized depends on the extent of the
disasters to Russia in the Far East, on
the Polish political influence In Austria
and on the continued isolation of Ger
many. Even a Balkan crisis involving
two 'or more of the great powers would
be to Poland's advantage. In the mean
while the Poles are making every effort
to avail themselves of their approaching
opportunities. They are conscious as a
people that they are fitted for self-gov
ornment and Independence as they never
were before, because they have learned
the lessons of modern clvilzation.
Porrrr of Advertising-.
Excited srentlcman— lt's all through
your wretched paper!
Editor (who is used to it) — What'a
the matter now?
Kicited jjenileman — You stated the
day. before yesterday, that a thief had
enteied niy room, broken open my desk
and stolen a er.m of money,' but that
fortunately he liad overlooked the gold
watch which usually lies In the bottom
drawer.
Editor — "Well, the facts are slated
correctly. / '
Excited frentloraan— They're correct
enough. But what Is the^result? The
infamous nun came again last night
and took the watch!— Madame.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 'J5. 1905.
BLUNTS REEF LIGHTSHIP
PARTS FROM MOORING
GALES CAUSE HER TO LOSE ANCHOR
Compelled to Come
Into Port for
Vessel Met With a
Similar Accident
Rprpntlv
Lightship No. 83, stationed off Cape
Mendocino, came into port yesterday, hav
ing parted her moorings at that point.
This is the second time that this vessel
has been In this' port within thirty days
under, similar circumstances. This is due
to the fact that terrific storms, \ strong
winds and high seas have been sweeping
along that part of the coast recently.
The vessel's anchorage Is at* a point
known as Blunts Reef, where, she gets
full benefit of all the fury of the ele
ments. When she is there, she. is held In
position by an immense mushroom an
chor, the largest of its kfnd on this coast.
Attached to this are two heavy chains
which keep the vessel well in place in
any usual rough weather, . but when a
storm of unusual violence comes up, she
parts her moorings and has to put to sea.
She will remain in port until the chains
can be picked up from the anchor, .and
will then return to her post. She has
gone over to Oakland to tie up until she
starts back to the reef.
Glvea Acrobatic Performance.
The Scottish cook of the British ship Elgin
shire gave en informal exhibition of prowess,
strength and acrobatic feats on' Mission-street
\u25a0wharf yesterday morning much to.the.amuse
ment of a big crowd of water front strollers.
The elver of the entertainment had . bean up
town celebrating the advent of Christmas tide
In proper shape. He arrived back to his ship
"ripe and rosy." As he vr&s about to board
the vessel he suddenly changed hie mind Just
at the foot of the gangplank. No amount of
persuasion by the sailors on the ship could in
duce htm to come on board. Personal force
was then attempted, but the cook was too
much for the whole bunch and when they laid
hands on him he sent them flying in all direc
tions When he found he was master of the
situation he pulled off his coat and 6hirt, leav
ing him stripped to the waist. He then kicked
off his shoes and began going through all sorts
of acrobatic feats and Sandow performances.
Whenever any attempt was made to put a
stop to his proceedings he threatened to "do
up" the whole of the police force and if neo
essary the entire British contingent of citizens
living hsre. In the meantime a great crowd
had collected who were thoroughly enjoying his
antics and applauding his expertness as an
acrobat. When the fun was at its height Po
liceman Cooper hove in sight and the mixer of
Elum duff scampered up the gangplank and
id himself in the ship galley.
Walks Into Bar to Save Dos;.
Frank McLaughlln, who lives at 103 Van
Ness avenue, thinks a» much of his dog as he
thinks of a Christian, and yesterday to prove
this he walked into the bay to save his dog,
which had got mixed up in 6ome drift while he
was swimming off Folsom-street wharf. Mc-
Laughlin brought his dog, which is a fine
water spaniel, to the water front yesterday to
give him a plunge In the bay. The dog swam
and played pranks and tricks In the water for
a while, and finally swam up against a lot of
driftwood. His owner, who had been enjoying
"Christmas cheer," became Imbued with the
fact that the dog was a "goner," and without
hesitation stepped off from the pontoon and
attempted to walk to the assistance of the ca
nine. In another minute McLaughlln was
floundering around and yelling for help. Two
or threV lusty longshoremen ran to his rescue
and hauled him on to the dock, where he
looked like a : "drowned rat." The dog In the
meantime landed of his own accord, and mas
ter and beast went dripping up . the street to
the Harbor Emergency Hospital. There Dr.
Reuben Hill applied restoratives to McLa.ugh
lin and then put him to bed. As McLaughlln
came back to his senses he said: "I've saved
my dog and I feel as good as though I had
saved a Christian."
Lett Makes Fast Time.
The new launch Leif, built for Super
intendent Halsey of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation, made a highly successful trial trip
yesterday, much to the satisfaction of her
owners. She made 18 miles with ease. She is
to be used in the bay, making trips between
the vessels of the association lying here in
tbe bay and in Oakland creek.
She is 28 feet long and t>% feet beam. She
is the first tyoe of a motor boat built here,
similar to those now popular In the East.
She Is fitted with a Peters engine. 20-horse
Dower Sbe has shown remarkable speed
on all her trial trips and is the fastest boat
Jn the bay.
Bring* Wheat From Tacoma.
The bark Roderick Dhu, Captain Engalle,
arrived yesterday i in tow of the tub Daunt
less, six days from Tacoma. She brings 54,000
centals of wheat to L. C. Sheldon.
Ventura Due-To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Ventura is due to arrive to-day from Sydney,
via Auckland and Honolulu.
Coptic Due Wednesday.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's steamer Coptic i 6 scheduled to arrive
from Hongkong via Yokohama and Honolulu
on 'Wednesday.
Will Sail Thursday.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Marlposa will sail for Tahiti on Thursday, at
11 a- m.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
• Sunday, December 2i.
Stmr Brunswick, EJlefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Phoenix, Hcadrlcksen, 20 hour« from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Argyll, Monroe, 26 hours from Port
Barford.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hall, 9 hours .from Mon
terey.
Stmr Helen P Drew, Gunderson, 88 hours
from San Pedro.
Stmr Costa Rlci; Kldston, 62 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Edith. Crosky. 102 hours from Seattle.
Echr Lily, Bottger, 11 days from Umpqua.
Btmr W H Kruger. Martin. 59 hours from
Ean Pedro. * .
Stmr Chlco, Martin, 64 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson. 26 hours from Eureka.
Etmr Mandalay. Eanford. 88 hours from Cres
cent City; bound to San Pedro; put in for
water. v • *
Stmr 'Redondo, Ahlln, 63 hours from Port
land via Astoria 64 hours. '
Stmr Gualala, Kalnln, 34 hours from Dureka.
6tmr Signal, Benderpard, 60 hours from Cooa
Bay. - .-
Bark Roderick Dhu, Engallt, 4 days from
Tacoma.
; gchr Santiago, Anderson. 18 hours from Mon
terey.
Sohr Ida A. Beck, 5 hours from Point Reyes.
\u25a0 Lightship 83, Qulnton, from Blunts Reef, on
account of parting moorings Dec 23.-
SATLEJD.
Sunday, December 24.
" Etmr Cops Bay. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
• Btmr Panta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen, . Eureka.
Stmr I'orao, Relnertsen, Albion.
' Br stmr Wellington. Cutler, Ladysmlth.
' Blmr Chehall?. Johons>son, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coronado. Lundqulst. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Mandalay, :Sanford: Ean Pedro.
Br ship Loudon Hill, Boyd, Melbourne.
Bclir Santiago, Anderson, Monterey, in tow
Of tug Relief. . •
Stmr W H Kruger, Martin, Grays Harbor.
Schr Coqulll*. TVetzel,- Sluslaw River. -:-
Schr Ivy, Anderson. . Coos Bay.
G«r echi* Eanljen Rakljen. Schmidt. Jaluit.
Tug Relief, Marshall, Monterey, with echr
Santiago In tour. \u25a0 r4Smaaii&B3S&
TELEGRAPHIC;
" . POINT LOBOS, Dec 24, ] 0 p 'm — Weather'
hazy; wind NE; velocity g miles per hour.
DOMESTIC ' PORTS. ;
TORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec • 24—
Stmr National City, henet* Dec 22.
Sailed Dec 24 — Stmrs San Pedro and Santa
Monica, for Ban Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr City of
Puebla. h«nce'Dec 22. :
. Sailed Deo 24— Slmr Queen, ; for. Saa Fwu>-
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 24—5 p. m.
The following are th« seasonal rainfalls to
dato as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In iast twenty- four hours:
Last; This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 S.OO 13. 2t .
Red liluff 0.00 2.01 12.10
Sacramento 0.00 l.f>B 8.29
San Francisco ...... 0.00 2.">0 8.62
San Jose 0.00 8.10 5.38 i
Fresno 0.00 1.26 5.31
Independence;. 0.00 0.43' 0.45 '
San Luis Obispo.... 0.00 2.12 - 4.96
Los Angeles 0.00 3.11 1.00
San Diego 0.00 4.41 1.78
THE COAST RECORD.
STATION* \ I jjjjjjg. gg | a 1
H p ft , 1 j.
:6li - : ?
BRker ........30.60 2S 18 S Cloudy Tr.
Reno 80.46 42 10 S Cloudy .00
Eureka .80.34 54 34 SE Cloudy .00
Fresno .......80.42 50 SO "W Pt Cldy .00
S. E. Farallon3o.Be 51 43 N Cloudy .CO
Flagstaff . 30.88 S6' — i E Clear .00
Independence. ..... ~ .... 14 CO
Los Angeles.. 3o.lC 66 42 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpais3o,Co 48 86 'NW Cloudy .00
North Head...50.04 60 44 SE - Rain .2tf
Phoenix .:....50.28 54 32. 8W Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt. .30.54 52 43 NE Cloudy .00
Pocatello .-..-.80.66 24 8 N Clsar .00
Portland .....80.16 48 36 E Cloudy Tr.
Red Bluff ...'.50. 44 46 26 \u25a0 E Cloudy .00
Roseburg- ..;.30.26 36 26 E Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.44 4tf SO •SE ' Cloudy .00
Bait I^ak« ....80.60 SO .. N Clear .00"
B. Francisco.. Bo.42 48 40 N Pt Cldy 00
Ban Jose 30.42 M 28 N"W CSoudy .00
B. L. Obispo. .30.36 62 82 NW Pt Cldy .00
San Dieso 80.20 60 42 N • Clear .00
Seattle 30.06 48 29 S JRain .30
Spokane .....30.30 40 80 B Cloudy .03
Crescent 29.02 4S 40 S Rain- .76
Walla Walla. .80.28 42 2$ SW Clear Tr.
Wlnnemucca .30.58 20 — 6 'NE Clear .00
Turaa 80.30 56 3S NW dear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS ANX> GENERAL
FORECAST. ".;<
A storm of some energy is central off th*
Washington coast, moving slowly eastward, and
has • caused cloudy weather . from the Te
hachapi northward and light rain in Western
Washington, with high southeast winds off the
mouth of the Columbia. -* - -
Cold weather continues over the Pacific Slope
and temperatures below freezing are reported
from the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions
this evening.
Conditions are favorable for showers Christ
mas day in northern portion of Northern Cali
fornia" and generally cloudy weather in other
portions of j California and Nevada.
FORECAST FOR DECEMBER 25.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and
threatening Monday) light southwest winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday; light
\u25a0west winds.
Sacramento Valley — Cloudy Monday with
showers in north portion; light southerly winds.
San Joaquin Valley — Cloudy Monday; light
north winds.
Coastr-Cloudy Monday with «how«r» from
Point Arena northward: fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Monday.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
dsco. Deo 23 — Stmr Watson, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Farallon. for Skagway.
ASTORIA — Bar bound Deo 24 — Stmr Homer,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Sailed Deo 23 — Br etmr Fnlham.
for Japan'; Fr bark Rene Kervlller, for United
Kingdom.
Arrived Dec 28 — Bktn T P Emlgh, from San
Pedro; ship St Paul. h«noe Deo 12.
PORT BLAXELBY— SaiIed Deo 23— Br Btmr
Henley, for Sydney.
BALLARD— Sailed Deo 23— Schr J W Cllse,
for San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr Lakme,
from San Pedro: stmr Corona, hence Deo 22.
Dno 24 — Schrs Balvator and Emma Claudlna,
from Saa Pedro.
Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Gualala, for San Fran
clsco. Deo 24 — Bark Coloma. for Redondo; schr
Azalea, for San Pedro; stmr Pasadena, for
San Pedro; stmrs Fulton, Waep, North Fork
and Sequoia, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 24— Br etmr
Henley, for Sydney.
ANACORTES— Arrived Dee 24— Schr Samar.
from Redondo.
SAN PEDRO, Dec 24^ — Reported sailing of
tug Sea King and barge Santa Paula Dec 22
was an error; vessels in outer harbor.
COOS BAY — Sailed Dec 24 — Stmr Alliance,
for Eureka,
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 24— U S stmr Bu
ford, hence Dec 15 for Manila; bark Olympic,
hence Dec 7.
MAKAWBLI— SaiIed Dec 23— Bark Edward
May, for San Francleoo. v-.~> \u25a0
MAHUKONA— SaiIed .Dec ' 19— Schr H C
Wright, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr New
York, from Southampton; stmr Caronla, from
Liverpool.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Deo 24— Stmr
Statendam, from Rotterdam for New York.
LIVERPOOL. — Sailed Dec 24 — Stmr Cam
pania, for New York via Queenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool for N*w York.
DOVER — Salledi Deo 24 — Stmr Pennsylvania,
from Hamburg for New York via Boulogne.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low ' waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. \u25a0.
MONDAT, DECEMBER 25.
Sun rises .....'. 7:23
Sun sets 4:58
Moon sets (new) 0:00 p. m.
O |Time| iTlmel iTlme Time
£ j 1 Ft. I Ft. f Ft. Ft.
? |L W| |H W| |L W H W
25 3:87| 2.7|10:07i 6.4 5:02|— 1.11..... .....
H W L W - H.W LW
26 0:15 4.7 4:45 2.8 10:52 '6.4 6.47—12
27 1:02 4.8 6:35 2.011:38 6.2 6:33—1.0
28 1:49 4.9 6:28 . 'B.O 12:27 6.8 7:16—0.7
20 2:35 4.9 7:24 3.1 1:19 6.8 8:01—0.3
50. 3:20 5.0 8:28 3.0 2:17 4.J 8:43 0.2
51. 4:02 5.1 9:40.2.9|3:18 4.4 9:20 0.8
NOTE— In the above | exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last . tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements' of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE}.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Chehalis San Pedro Dec 23
F. Leggett.... San Pedro Dec. 25
Nome City Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 25
Del Norte..... Cre6cent City ....' Deo. 25
Newburg..... 'Grays Harbor :...;'.'.... Dec. 25
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor ......... Deo 25
Breakwater. . . Coos Bay Dec 25
Acme......... Willapa Harbor... Deo. 25
Jeanle. .'.'. .... Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 25
Aberdeen Grays Harbor. Dec. 25
N0rw00d. ..... San Pedro Dec 25
Titanla Nanaimo Dec. 25
G. Dollar. Grays Harbor Deo. 25
State of Cal. J . San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 25
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 25
North Fork... Humboldt ....D*- 26
Columbia. i... Portland & Astoria .... Dec ti
Ventura.;.;.... Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 23
Tellus Nanaimo ............ .-. Dec' °<J"
.Elizabeth..... Coquille River ......... Dec. 26
Corona Humboldt .......;..... Dec 2a
F. Kllburn.'... Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 27
Coptic China' & Japan ........ Dee. 27
Eureka Humboldt ............. Dec. 27
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports .... Dec. 27
Chae. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma ;.'.. Dec. 27
P0rn0......... Point Arena & Albion. [Dec. 2S
Santa R06a. . . San Diego & Way Pts. . Dec. 28
Homer. Portland \u2666 & Astoria. .. . |Dec. L'«
Curacao...... Afexi can: Ports-.. .'.:... . Dec. 29
P0m0na...... Humboldt ....\u25a0.....".... D*-c. : 29
Cooa Bay San Pedro/ & Way Pte. Dec. 20
Senator....... Portland A Astoria.;:: Dec. 30
Dtnderah; . . : . Seattle .....'. :.'.v. ;.".'. IDeciSO
•M. F. Plant... Cooa Bay &.Pt. Oxford. jJan.l.l
Centralla.... . Grays Harbor "..;...;.. Jan.'..l
City Puebla ... Puget Sound Ports....;. Jan. 1
Peru.......... New York via Ancon.. Jan. 2
Aure11a. ...... Portland & 'Astoria.. '.T. Jan."i 3
Ajaar. Maru..' CWna & Japan......... Jan. 5
. - \u25a0. . \u25a0 \u25a0 - - . \u25a0 -\u25a0-.>'.,.:\u25a0\u25a0' £'"\u25a0• '\u25a0-. - \u25a0'\u25a0
MYSTERY VEILS
WOMAN'S DEATH
Lifeless Body of Mrs. Young
Is Pound in a Kooni With
Gas Escaping* From Stove
HEAET IS VERY WEAK
Coroners Deputy Says Dead
ly Fumes Ended Life, but
Doctor Differs From Him
.Mystery shrouds the death of Mrs. A.
L. Young, a well-to-do widow, who was
found dead yesterday afternoon in her
room, 506 Hyde street. There was a
strong odor of gas In the room, coming
from a small stove, which was lighted.
A. S. Howe, landlord of the house, says
tho woman was a sufferer from heart
trouble and death was due to natural
causes. His opinion is shared by Dr. A.
B. McGill who was called In. but the offi
cials at the Coroner's office, as well as
the police, are of the opinion that death
was due to asphyxiation and an investi
gation is in progress.
Mrs. Young's lifeless body was found
shortly after 2 o'clock by Howe. The
woman announced in the morning that
she intended to do some Christmas shop
ping and, not seeing her leave the room,
Howe became alarmed and mad© an in
vestigation. .The door of the room was
locked, but. looking through the- keyhole,
he saw the woman sitting on a chair,
fully dressed with the exception of her
coat and hat.
Howe broke open the door and found
the woman was dead. He noticed the
gas stove lit and also detected a faint
odor of gas- that was escaping from a
small rubber tube. He says very little
gas was escaping and this could not have
pfoduced death.
Dr. McGlll was summoned. Immediately
and, after examining the remains, he too
came to the conclusion Jthat death was
the result of heart disease and not car
bon monoxide. The woman had suffered
for years with heart trouble and asthma
and had lately complained of feeling very
bad.
' The. Morgue- officials were notified and
Deputy Brown went for the remains.
ACter a close examination he at once
stated the woman had died as a result of
gas poisoning. He declared she had been
dead for at least ten hours and scoffed
at the Idea that an affliction of the heart
was the cause of her sudden demise-
The matter was reported to Captain of
Detectives • Burnett and he detailed De
tective, Armstrong on the case. Arm
strong visited the house and made a
careful survey of the premises. He ex
amined the gas stove and noted the
leakage and he, too. thinks Mrs. Young
was Doisoned by the deadly fumes.
The woman evidently passed away
without making even the slightest sort of
a struggle. . It seems only reasonable
that had her death been the result of
accidental asphyxiation, she would sure
ly have made an effort to save her life,
for she could have discovered that some
thing was wrong when she smelled the
gas. But there was no sign of a struggle,
the woman's position indicating that she
had met her \ death calmly while seated
in a chair, apparently ready to leave the
house.
Mrs. Youns came from Reno, Nevada,
about two weeks ago. She was a woman
of comfortable circumstances and had
two sons living in Nevada, both of whom
are well to do. They were advised of her
death last •night and will take charge
of the remains, which have been removed
to a private undertaking establishment.
Injured by a Car.
Clarence Greenwood, who lives at 14
Duboce avenue, was knocked down by
a car at Sixteenth and Mission streets
last night and badly bruised. He was
taken to the Southern Pacific Hospital.
LABORER' STABBED. — N. Just, a laborer
employed by Gray Bros., was set upon and
stabbed several times at Keamy and Paclflo
streets last night. He was much under th«
influence of liquor and could not give a de
scription of his assailant?. He is not seriously
injured.
FALLS OFF DOCK. — John Small, a long
shoreman, fell oft the wharf at the foot of
Third street last night while intoxicated. Hs
was tlshed out and treated at tho Potrero
Emergency Hospital. He suffered no serious
results from his ducking.
The - Bouth Side life saving: crew renewed
search yesterday for the bodies of two fisher
men drowned the day before, but could not find
any trace of them. G. Murray, Deputy Sheriff
of Ban Mateo County, who was an «ye witness
of the accident, recovered the engine of the
boat. . v is:
IiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 24.
Stmr Eea Foam, Miller, 12 hours from Men
doclno, via Point Arena, 10 hours.
liktn Irmgard, Schmidt. 18 days from Hono
lulu. •
Stmr Northland, Jamieson, 62 hours, from
Astoria, bound south; put In to land passen
gers.
SAILED.
Sunday,' December 24.
Bark Gatherer, Ewart, New York via Ta
coma.
Bark George Curtis, Kelly, Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Dec 2*— Stmr Que«n, for
San Francisco.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. , \ Destination. Sails. Pier.
December '25. I
Rainier Seattle & Bel 1 ham. 12 ml Pier 10
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 27
Aurclla..... Astoria &• Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Nome City.. Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 16
Jcanie...... Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 5
Vanguard.. HumbolUt ........ l> ami Pier 27
' December 26. |
Newport... Los Angeles Ports. S pm|Plcr S
Cascade.... Astoria & Portland 12 m|Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt ..11:30 plPler b
TJmatllla..i Puget Sound Ports. lll am|Pler 9
December 27. I
Chic 0...... Coos Bay 8 pmlPier B
Elizabeth.. Coquille River Pier 2<l
M. F. Plant Coos Bay ......... 4 pm Pier 11
Eea Foam . • Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic...... Humboldt 9 am Pier S
Breakwater Obos Bay ........ 6 pmlPl»r 8
December 23. I
Acme .. Willapa- Harbor.... S pm|Pl«r 2
G Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4pm Pier 20
laaua."... •• "VVlllapa Harbor ... 9 am Pier 2
C0r0na..... Humboldt .:....... l:SOp Pier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. » am Pier 11
80n1ta..... Newport & Way.. 9am Pier 11
N Fork.... Humboldt _9 am Pier 20
Columbia.'.- Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Marlposa... Tahiti - direct . 11 am Pier 7
Nevadan.:. Hono & Kahulul .. 3 pm Pier 23
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 2 pm Pier io
Q Lindauei Grays Harbor ;... 1 pm Pier 2
\u25a0' Dec-ember 20.
South Eay. • Portland & Astoria. 4 pin Pier 27
San Pedro.. Grays. Harbor ..... 2pm Pier 2
F Kllburn. Portland & Way. . . 2pm Pier 2o
«Vc.scndo. . . Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
December. 30.
S, Monica... Grays Harbor \u25a0.'.... 4 pm Pier 2
? amo ..... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pra Pier 2
Korea China & Japan .... 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. T. via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
December ; 31.
Chas.Nelson Seattle '&< Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
Queen Pu« et Sound Port » "am Pier 0
., 'Jaunary 2. -
M. Dollar. .' Grays Harbor . .... 4. pai p J<sr 2 <>
Senator. . . • Astoria & Portland >11 am Pier 24
\u25a0i January 3.
Denderah... Hamburg & Wy Pts 12 m Pier 19
.la unary 4. -
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier -7
, FROSI SEATTLE. ' :< * '-'-..
Steamer. 2 '•-..'• - I Sails. '-
Portland; ..... Cooks Inlet « & Way . . . . |Dec 26
Oregon. .... V. Valdea & Seward 5 ....-;. |Dec 27
Jefferson. . . . . Skagway ; & Way Ports.l Dec. 31
BantaClaxa.. Beward & Way PorU..^Uju», 1
TAKES HIS MAN
AFTER A FIGHT
Plucky San Luis Obispo Mar
shal Captures Bold Thief
Who Tried to Murder Him
STKUGGLE IN DAEKNESS
Weapon of Desperado Does
Not Prevent Brave Officer
From Doing His Duty
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Dec. 24. — Whllo
a force of police officers and a posse of
armed citizens were scouring the city
for a man who had stolen two coats
and attempted to burglarize a hardware
store. City Marshal William G. John
son arrested him in a dark, lonely spot
on the outskirts of the city in a sen
sational manner. The Marshal sepa
rated himself from the posse and after
a long search located the man. As th«
Marshal hailed the fellow and stated
his business 'there was a flash of a re
volver and a bullet sped by the officer's
head. With a leap the officer was upon
the fellow and after a desperate strug
gle took the man to the County- Jail.
The man refuses to give his name. He
Is about 31 years of age. Th<* police
are of the opinion that he is a des
perado.
Some time prior to his arrest th«
thief entered Humphrey's saloon, and
taking the coat and overcoat- of Guerro
Bolton out of the billiard-room, left the
house by the rear door. In the mean
time Bolton, who waa playing billiards,
missed his coats and notified tba at
tendant. C. H. Brown. The two went
to the back door, where they met th«
thf if. He was boldly donning; the
stolen garments. On being asked what
he meant by such actions, the burglar
replied, "None of your business," and
pointing a revolver at his Interrogators,
gracefully retreated In true desperado
style.
An alarm was raised and a posse
of citizens started in pursuit. Within
half an hour John Minor discovered the
man making an attempt to burglarize
the store of C. H. Reed & Co. When
the robber saw that he was discovered
he opened fire upon Minor and ran
away. Within a short time, thanks to
Marshal Johnson's bravery, he was a
prisoner.
The greatest excitement prevailed in
the city and there, was talk of lynching
tho man.
TRANSMITTING THE VOICE
BY MAIL THE VERY LATEST
New Phono-Postal Card Bring:* Verbal
Message From Distant Friend* In
Natural Tone*.
A postal card that talks — this Is the
latest contribution of science to the
comfort of the world. The phono-pos
tal, as it is -called, will bring- to friends
at home the spoken words of the trav
eler. They may actually hear his voice
as he tells of the scenes he is visiting,
or speaks messages of affection and
cheer.
Jules Verrfe. whose strange, clairvoy
ant fancy foresaw the submarine boat,
the airship and other marvels years be
fore their appearance, likewise pre
dicted the- modification of the \u25a0 phono
graph, which is now a reality.
The Literary Digest gives a transla
tion from La Nature. Paris, describing
the invention as follows:
"The phono-postal is an apparatus
intended to record and afterward re
produce the human voice with the aid
of a piece of cardboard of the size and
shape of a postal card.
"The advantages of the phono-postal'
are many. In these days of extended
tour-s there can be nothing more at
tractive than to put In one's automobile
or in a corner of one's bag this appa
ratus, which takes up no more room
than two or three boxes of letter paper.
By adding a few dozen cards prepared
for use as records we may, at each
stopping place, send to those at home
fresh and. rs we may say, vibrant news
of our Journey."
In makine P a phono-postal the sender
speaks into" the phonograph, a piece of
prepared cardboard taking the place of
the customary wax cylinder.
The diaphragm of the instrument has
a sapphire point that traces the record
in a sensitive layer of what is called
"sonorine." spread over the surface of
the card. The essence of the invention
lies in the composition of this sub
stance, -which, although easily spread
on a sheet of cardboard, possesses all
the advantages of the wax with which
the ordinary phonograph cylinders and
gramophone disks are covered. In ad
dition, sonorine is so hard that it will
safely bear the roughest handling that
it is likely to get In passing through
the malls.
The French writer says:
"The sounds are recorded in a spiral
beginning at the edge of the card and
growing continually smaller until the
last circle Is barely as large as a 10
centime piece. The groove made is so
hard that even the two postmarks are
not able to destroy more than a syl
lable or two. • * •
"On one card there may easily be In
scribed seventy-five to eighty words,
which Is sufficient to give ample news.
"We should not forget that the> phono
card merely alms at fllline the same
place as the illustrated postal card.
"The phonographic correspondence
may be put on the side reserved for
the address, and this may be written
over the grooves traced by the record-
Ing diaphragm without the slightest
Interference with the reproduction of
the sounds."
The Invention has been introduced in
Paris.
Camera Seawn Is Open.
One of the surest signs that the fall
has come to the city is the presence in
the main' thoroughfares and in the
parks on Sundays of a small army of
amateur photographers who are clearly
from the suburban towns around New
York. As a rule these camera fiends
travel in groups of varying- sire. Often
one* of these gToupswill consist of a
.fatherland \u25a0 mother and one or two
small children, while now and again
the stroller will see two or three men
together and occasionally, a pair of
lovers.
They take pictures of all sorts of
things, but famous buildings of the
town are their favorite subjects. Just
how many times the City Hall is
'.'snapped" In the course of the fall
months it would bo difficult to ascer
tain. Next to that structure. the fa
vorite Is the Flatiron building-, of
\u25a0which -there must be many weird pho
tographs in suburban albums. The
Metropolitan Opera-house comes next
in favor, and after that the tall tower
of the Times building" Is a winner. Of
course , the ; parks come in . for their
share of this invasion. But since the
rural photographer lives among-, the
trees and fields most of the time, he
prefers, when he comes to town, , to'
preserve: on "his plates or films some
record of- what really belongs to "the
city. — New York Press.
A barber isn't necessarily an artist be
cause h» Illustrates bis atorits with cuts.
AUCTION SALES*
. _ —
60=Drafttors8$=6B
AT AUCTION
Tnesday Kvfnlnc. De««. 3«. S O'clock
THESE MARES AND GKLDING9 WEIOH
FROM 1350 TO 17SO, AGES FROM 4 TO 8
TEARS OLD. THE FINEST EVER
BROUGHT TO THIS CITY. WE SHALL
ALSO OFFER 40 HEAD UF IJUHT DRIV-
ING AND WAGON HORSKS. Catalogues
ready Sunday. Horses now on exhibition.
NO OUTSIDE HORSES WILL BE OFFERED
AT THI3 SALE.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET
E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia St.
Banning Too Much to Title*.
An . American Journalist return trig
after an absence of some years
comments upon the profuse application of
titles which i 3 becoming frequent In thla
country. The practice is essentially a
modern one. Daniel Webster In hla lii-»-
time was never spoken of aa "Senator"
\u25a0Webster, but always aa plain "Mr." "Web-
ster. Nowadays, however, it la Invariably
"Senator" this and that, and almost
everybody has some kind of a handle to
his name. Thus w« have "Forecaster"
Jones. "Undertaker" Smith, "Conductor"
Robinson. "Superintendent of the Poor-
house" Brown, "Common Councilman" |P^
Shucks and "Selectman" Bumps, and so
on. If this kind of thina: keeps on we
shall end by resting our claims to respect
and consideration upon those painfully
minute social distinctions which pravail
in Germany, where men or women In-
scribe their names in hotel registers with
the addition of such descriptive phrases
as "cousin to an apothecary" or "broth-
er-ln-faw to a corporal."— Boston 'Herald.
iheYcry Latest
j These Bass are as excep- I]
tional line of all the very Hi
newest colorings, shapes and j[
leathers. Excellently made. 1
: some with purse and card It
I case, others with purse only, til
j In separate compartments. My II
1 prices range from.. SI. OO ur> II
a Better come in to-day and 1
sret some of the "swell" values 11
we are offering. fll
We have a number of fine J
CHIIISTMAS CJUIDS at little i] fji
prices. :r : v -.-.- - ~ 11
I WE ARE: OPES TO-DAT— I
I CHRISTMAS.
f THAT MAN PITTS |
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer, r
H\lOOS Market St.. San Francisco./,
Avjsit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
iSUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Q% IS3I U&UT ST. >it. ltk*:ti.lf .CtL jk
\ Qr n * I * r C** t AnmtwDleal ViMa In *.i« V
Jq __&?_ Vwld. Waakaaucs ar ur Mitri.ii** A
V fftTiSs) <tr»9» *4MHITeI7 tarad »t tk« *U«ft V
I i§£#4 0!L <JO3SA.M-CISEASIS 0? HIM A
A S n Trw^fat p«r»«n»i!7 or *t btur. A A
\ fi V « W ptwtiir. curtilt *mrj s*m ua-Ur.ilua. W
mrt ilfP wri»*rßMk,paii.«»«rwY«r^
T9 J ji * \u25a0.Mai.tGC, UULXD r&U. Uf
A XV Jl Tilaael* book tv M.) \
" 3>K. JOBDAM Al'O., iCSIM»T»»r St.S.T 1 . V
a Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. Established
In I*s-1 forth« treatment of Private
Dlhcsuph. Loot Mnntioo<L Debllltr or
fils»aa* wcaricf on body and mind sod
9klD Diseiwss. The Doctor cnr*»when
others fall. Try him. Charfos low.
Cnren Tnaran trr d. Catl or wri c.
I>r. jr. F- WinnolJ. Sau Frar-^aco. Cal.
OCEAXTRAyEL.
0 Steamers leav* Pier* 9
and 11. San Franciaoo.
For Ketchikan. Wrui;l, / I
Juneau. Treadwell, Halne*. ,-*
Ska* way, «tc, Alajia— ll a.
m.. I>ec 21. 26. 31. Jaa. 3.
Cbangre to this comfian> •
etaamers at S*attl«.
For Victoria. VanocT»v«r.
Port Townaend. Seatti*. Ta-
coma, Evtrett. Anacortes. Bouth Bellinjham.
Belllngham— ll a. m.. Dec. 21. 26.' 81. Jan. 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steassrt
for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouvar to O. P. Ky.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, I:*>
p. m.. Dec. 28. 81. Jan. «: Corona. 1:39 •
p. m.. Dec. 22. 29. Jaa. 8.
For Los Angeles (via Fort Lc« Aaxetes ta J
Redondo). San Diego and Sam* Barbara —
Banta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anxeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crua, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura, and Hueneme —
' Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Deo. 24, Jan. 1.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. D«c. 20. 28. Jan. S.
Tot Ensenada. Majrdalena Bay. Saa Jose d-t
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. 9a.nta Roea-
lla. Cuaymas (M-X-), 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
ALASKA EXCCRSIOXS. Beaaon 190«_T]J4
palatial Alaska excursion steamship SPOKANE
will leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Juae
7. 31. July 5. 20. August X
For further Information obtain folder. Rlxht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — * New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broadway
wharves. Fretsht O»flce — 10 Market st.
Oakland— 932 Broadway.
C. D. DUXANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL S. S. CO.V
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and *^
Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. tot Tokohaina and
Hongkong, calling at Honolulu. Kob« (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting *t
Hongkong with steamers for India. «te. i^w
cargo received on board on day of salllaj.
S. S. "Am-rtca Maru." Monday. Jan. 2». WJ
S. S. "Nlpbon Maru." Tuesday. Feb. 20. 130J
S.B. "Hongkong Mara."Thursday. Mar.ls. 18OU
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates.
For freight and passage apply at company*
office.' seventh floor. Merchants' Exchange. -
W*. H. AVERT. Aast. General Manager.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Dec^ M. 11 a. ra,
a 8 VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan- *, - P. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Saturday.
January 13. II a. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS 4 BSOI CO., WS. TiCtSt CSICB W3
Market. FisizHt dee 327 nartet St., Pier 7 Pacinc si.
Ftrst-clasa to Havre. 170 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
eralTge!n-cy for united states and
fAX*D4 32 Broadway (Hudson bttlldtng).
NewTork. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO Paclflc Co*.«
A cents, B Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets »eld by all Railroad Ticket Agents
BAY AND IXTEBUBBAX ROUTES.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD,
VALL^JO and NAPA
Napa Valley Route
Moatlcello S. S. Co. andv Napa Valley Elea-i^
trie R. R- Co. Close ' connection*." .- -fl*»
6— ROt*>*l> TRIPS DAILY— 6
Boats leave San- Francisco 7:00. *9:t3 a. m., '
12:30 noon. 8:15. 6:00. *8:3O p. m.
San Francisco . landing and \u25a0 of flc*. Pier 2.
foot of Mission St.. one block south Marke*.-it.
Ferry. Meals *la carte. Phon* Maia 14c*.
•lauds X»vj T«4 tfl— <SPORTS
PAGE.
PROPER LOOKS
LIKE A WINNER
Crack Horse of W. B. Jen
nings' Stable Has Top Im
post in Handicap To-Day
'DR. LEGGO A STARTER
Barney Schreibeir Now Heads
List of Winning Owners.
Good Programme for Week
y The great Christmas handicap, one
of th-e most valuable events of the en-
Stire racing season, will be the special
iittractio-n this afternoon at Ingleside
track. The distance ts one and a quar
ter -xriles. with $3000 added money by
iHe Xew California Jockey Club.
Amojig the announced starters is Prop
er, til*- slar of the Jennings stable, the
Sjrand ..-m of Prestonpans, being as-
Biffned top weight, 124 pounds.
l>r. I_.eggo is also carded to face the
barrier. The sensational three-year
old recently worked the distance in
Z:lM£; and if his condition suits the
cri'jes he will not lack friends In .the
Lubin is in" at a weight that makes
him dangerous, and there is no telling
xvhat Votrrano, the four-niiler. is apt
to do. Proper has lx»en unfortunate In
the majority of his starts here, but.
l»arring an accident, he looks a cer
tainty.
Three special trains will loave Third
«r.d Towiuend streets for the track as
fuMows: 32:45. 1 and 1:15 p. m.
A number of interesting events will
• l>e decided during the week. To-mor
. row the Odd Fellows" handicap at six
furlo&gs, for three-year-olds and up
ward, will be run.
The $1000 Wildidle handicap for
three-year-olds and upward, at a mile
fnd a sixteenth, is on the programme
. for Wednesday.
Friday there will be the Joe Hooker
»andleaj> at fix and a half furlongs.
v There will be another opportunity
A*°i" th« two-year-olds at a mile on
-Saturday in the $1000 Flood handicap.
Ba/ney Schreiber .has assumed first
rl'"-"^ ntnonpr the winning owners, hav
• ing- a total of $6621 to his credit Gar
nec Fergupon is nest with $6361. The
P* incipal winners are:
B. Pchr«ib«r. $<iC2I; T. G. FcrpjTOn. *6?,fil ;
ii . °/, and p. H. K.^ne, $59«>1: P. Rj-«n. $5010;
W, Gum &. Co.. $3702: J. C. Xealon. $3.^2; S.
SSS: ?; R Hice Jr - * :J<l3 °: W..8. Jenntnss.
*2s*.l: E. J. Baldwin. tSSlth. W. P Ma
pranp. f23R(i; T. A. Davies & Co. $2002- J
MadUon. 519T0; U a. Bon»sack. J1S:»: George
IV McNeil. JI7TS: J. M. Crane $1910; H. E.
Rowell, ?1765; Blerra Nevada Stable $17C5:
-M«plegß.f.e & Cotton. $1600; W. M. Murrj-
J1406; John I>. IHWIn. J1326; James R>-an,
f1.%^0; Gill Sumwrs & Co. $1730: W. 'Ga
briel. $11M: Ockland Stable. $1105; Tuckfr
* Hridges, $1100; W. G. Yanke, $1040.
TO-DAY'S E3TTRIES.
Following are the entries for to
day's running events: , ._,.. ;
First race— Six rurlongra; seiling by sabscrip
tion; thr.-«-yeaT-olds and up.
tfMftMMyinpUß (Schorr) 110
SWT» Thtt Roustabout (Zaleek;-) lu3
sS*b2 «Uy Order (Rowell) 64
5377 Gcssij>er (Touhey) 103
K>S5 Procrastinate (Ta-jner & Co.) 103
<S»63)Chei-:tr.ut (Ross) 108
\u25a0KHS9 Lady Bimbo <E<li«on) 103
B***2 Forerunn«r < Fitzgerald) 102
<««iS)Steriing Towers (Stockton Stable) 107
fe»u» Dora 1 <Rjanj , 107
Second race — Futurity course; purse; two-
J'fai -olds.
<?SU«)Fathor Catchem (Stubenbord) 112
>.-.<16 I'm Joe (Yanke) 112
«»b*> St. Krancig (Murry) 112
¥S2 Nacatan (Jennings & Co.) 109
>:<•\u25a0 i \V*r«hf*l « Waterhouse) 102
«U54 Dr. Gardner <Srhre!ber) 105
Third rac*- — Five and a half furlongs; purse:
three-year-oldß and up.
KiM Andrew B. Cook (Ellis) 114
Jt JsUM Prince ft Wheeler < Jennings) ....... ..106
\u25a0^ SJ-S* Itnniain<? (Schsretg) 11l
(SVtGjDr.. Leggo (Wilson) ll»5
87T»7 Funnysld* 'McNeil) 107
«>:£» Pontotoc (Keen? Bros.) 106
iZ«'AI Andvari (Hooper) 102
King Maker (Spratt) 105
JC*O5 Lecturer <Coalter> 110
Fourth rao* — -One and a quarter miles, Christ
ina* Handicap. thr?-«-yfcar-olds and up, $3000
edtfed.
<Sos(")Prop*r (J<*nr.in>rF) 124
<>C4*i)Dr. Loggo (Wilson) 118
K»72 I^ubln (Elliott) ]O7
Krt>2 Gloomy Gun 95
K)TU RlghUul (Rice) 110
HBCT Xigrett* (Jennings) 98
X'i72 Giiziallo (Jenr.ings) 108
' Kr.»2 S2n Primo (K«nf Bros.) 94
8!>80 V«:ter*io (llultnomah Ktables) 104
Kifth race — One mile and 100 yards, three
j- .T-olds and up. selling.
«ir«s Hooligan (Fountain) .' iai
x-M2 Hugh McGowan (Rowell) 105
«>t»B3)Lone Wolf (Rlc<>) 10-{
<vr>7-;>'WartP Nlcht (Wlik*rson) 101
«S:)Ci)lJuchanan tSchrelber) I<B
SfKi2 Ink (LBmfa«aey Bros.) lP(i
(KWl)*Christine A (Davies) % 102
t Sixth race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
«!•. purse.
M«3 Ruby ( Jenningn) 97 !
fcaMt Judge (Ramsey) 110 1
<«<s£)Dargin <Schre;ber> 110
BSM Delafoa (Jones and Lvisk) , IP7
M>so B!ue Eyes (Ph«>ridan) 101
*se* Beknightcd (L^e & Son) 100
•Ajorentlee allowance.
HORSES PICKED
ON FORM TO WIN
FRED E. MULHOLLAND
rir«t race— Go««lprr, Sterling: Tower*,
Procrantinate.
sr,. ( ,u(] race— Father Catchem, Or.
Gardner, Xngauira.
Third race— Andrew B. Cook, Ro
mnlur. Prlac*«« Wbeeler.
Fourth race— JrnnUtff* «table, Dr.
I.i'kko. Lubin.
Fifth nice — Ilueb McGowan, Chrl«
tlne A, Buchanan.
Sixth racf — Dnrfirtn, Ruby, Drlasoa.
Olympic Club HandbalL
Some interesting games were played
at the Olympic Club yesterday in the
handball tournament. Henry Stern
beat Charles O'Kane. 21-10. 21-12.
Henry Russ defaulted to George Kroe
ger; H. C. Clapp beat J. F. Cunning
ham, 21-18, 21-16; , Thomas -F. Dunn
beat James Parker,' 21-17. 21-15. M. A.
Martin shut out Clarence: Cloußh in
their first game, Clough winning the
next two and the match. The score,
0-21. 21-14, 21-17. Louis Levy acted as
referee in all the games.
Sneak Thieve* at Work.
J. L. Krambach reported to the po
lice yesterday that his room in the
Windsor Hotel had been entered on
Saturday afternoon and a small cres
cent pin stolen from his trunk,, which
had been forced open." Mrs. M. S.
Hughes, 160 Shrader street, reported
tfcjfet her house was entered on Satur
day^and thoroughly ransacked," but. the
only thing stolen was a bracelet valued
at $10. C. IL Davis, contractor, ; re
ported that redwood lumber of .the
value of $30 and castlron fittings of the
value of $10 ' were stolen from a new
building at Twenty-eighth avenue and
dement street on Saturday.
CHRISTMAS HANDICAP AT INGLESIDE
PISTOL EXPERTS
IN RARE FORM
Trego and -Braniiagan Make
the Highest Scores of
Year at Shell Mound
BLASSE SHOOTS WELL
Captures the Siebe Medal
in Rifle Competition for
Fourth Consecutive Time
The Christmas holday kept many
marksmen from the rifle ranges yes
terday. The attendance at Shell
Mound Park was good, but not up to
the average. Some fine scores were
made on the pistol and bullsoye tar
gets. In the pistol competition of the
o-^»«ien date Ciuo J. li. i're«^o and A.
J. iirannagun made the luguest scores
of the year, with a record of as rings
e«icii out of a possiole 100. Each ot
these contestants also made rive scores
extra that counted more tnan HO rings.
This is the best shooting done on tne
pistol competitions tor a long time. F.
V. Kington, on tiie same target, made
a score or I*o. In the same club Mar
tin F. Blasse won the Sieoe medal in
the' rifle competition tor the fourth
consecutive time, being something un
precedented in the history of this im
portant trophy.
Captain John E. Klein, a veteran at
rifle shooting, carried off the honors
at the bullseye target of the Germania
Club contest. So close was his ahot to
the center of the target that to an ob
server it appeared a true center, but
the measuring machine placed it .058
of an inch from the middle of the bulls
eye. This is among the best bullseyes
that have been scored for the year.
Benjamin Jonas won tne Siebe medal
in the Germania Schuetzen Club for
making tiie best three centers of the
year. The bullseyes made measured
IM7 points. 277 and 327: total 851.
John de Wit was high man in the
monthly medal competition of the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club with 217
rings, with Herman Huber a close sec
ond, who scored 212.
An interesting match took place be
tween Milton Levy and Eugene New
bauer for Christmas turkeys. As the
marksmen were compelled to use the
Springfield rifle and not being accus
tomed to its "kick." the scores made
were not up to their usual average.
'A»ie regulation • military target was
used in the contest, and each con
testant fired ten shots. M- Levy scored
S9 points and E. Newbauer 41.
The organizations taking part in the
different events were the Veterans of
the National Guard of California, Ger
manic S"huetzen Club. San Francisco
Scbu- n Verein, Golden Gate Club
and -. .Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club.
The Gulden Gate - Rifle and Pist." *
Club wij; hold its annual banquet and
distribution of prizes at Shell Mound
Park January 14. The scores: .
Golden GaJ* Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition — Re-entry match. W. F Biasee
2M. 220; M. F. Blasse. 223; C. T. Slsson. IU7.
161, 150. Pistol re-entry match. A. J Bran
nasan. 9^ <4> fts t,^ 92; j R x^^,, flB
83. 92. tsS, 04. SI. 92. «5; F. V. Kington, 90.
Bronze medal, T. L. Uswis. 66.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
bullseye Bhoot— D. Huntemann 108. H. Born
holdt 355. F. Brandt 2*2. Louis Bendel 545,
F. Heino BSI. H. Huber 090, O. Lemcke 1005.
A. Lemalre 102 a. D. Salßeld 1232. O. A. P.rem
er 1244. J. Dlfken 1374, F. Rust 1477. CaptaJn
D. StelHn* 1532, F. Pape 1573. E. Doell 1717.
D. Dunker' 2112, John de \S*Jt 2202. A. Brown-
Ing 2261, Hv Zecker 2317, A. Schaefer 2571.
Competition shoot — L. Bendel. 70: A. Schae
fer. C 7. 67. 69. 70. 68; D. Salneid, 09; H. Stell
lnj, 69; D. Huntemaan. «9, 6C: H. Bornholdt,
C&: F. Brandt, 70: E. Doell. C 7.
Germania Schuttzen CJub, montlily bullseye
•hoot— J. E. Klein 58 points, M. F. Blasse 137.
B. Jonas 327, F. Rust 302, H. Huber 530. F.
Brandt C 53, Louis Bendel 700. O. A. Bremer
525. M. Kcrfaader BCI. H. Bornholdt 9C6. S.
Helno 962. W. F. BJasoe 9«3, H. Stalling 1044,
A. Juneblut 12G5. D. Huntemann 1420. D. Sal-
Seld IS6S.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club. -monthly med
al rhoot — Firvt charaplrwi class. Herman Huber,
202, 212; second champion class. Otto Lemeke,
209, 3W»; first clae*. John de Wit, 192, 217:
second class, not filled; third class, A. Schafer.
182. IS3: fourth class, Herman Ip«en, 191, 16C
Best first »hot. John de Wit 25. Best last shot,
Herman Huber 25.
Veteran* National Guard of California,
monthly m^dal shoot — Otto Nolte 43. John E.
Klein 42. John C. Rin*?n 42, I>. Wulburn 39,
Ludwig Siebe 37, E. W. -I>wta 29.
DIPSEA IXDIANS TRAMP
OVER MUCH TERIUTOUY
About Twrotr-flvf Jlftobtn of Oreanl
zatlon Enjoy a Croxx Country
Walk from the Braeli.
About twenty-five members of t the
Dipsea Indians, led by Bob McArthur,
enjoyed a cross country run yesterday
, abdut tho outlying points of the city
and finished the 'hike" with a dip In
the briny at the beach.
The walkers got in condition for
their long tramp with a hearty break
| fast at the "Breakers" and then started
for Twin Peaks. After reaching the
I sister hills they made for the Alms
house, thence through the park and
back to th<» boach, where the tired ath
letes found the cool waters of the Pa
cific refreshing. Similar events will be
held by the Indians twice a month..
It has been finally decided to hold
'the cross country run for the world's
championship on May 30 of next year.
It is expected the crack athletes from
all over the country will participate In
this event.,.
Model Varht Reg-atta rontponnl.
The model yachtsmen were out of
luck again yesterday and. the quarter
ly regatta was postponed for the third
Ume. All of the boats enured were
at Spreckels Lake. Golden Gate Park,
but a lack of wind made raring out of
the question. An unusually large num
ber of boats« were out. but there was
not even breeze enough for "scrub"
races.
The following owners and boats
were at the lake:
Petersen's Petrel, Roeckner's
Apache, Brannan's Alice, Brown's San
Francisco, . H. Nondon's Imp, M. Non
don's Cricket, Doyle's Prlscilla and
Donovan's Florence.
The regatta will be held^the first
Sunday the wind is strong enough for
the boats to finish within the time
limit.
Overall Pitches Winnlnflr Ball.
VISALIA. Dec. 24.— The score. in to
day's game In the San Joaquln Valley
Baseball League was: Visalla 7, Bak
ersfleld 3. Orval Overall pitched great
ball for Visalla and helped his team
to win. Hogtin of Oakland pitched for
Bakersfleld. Slats Davis was umpire.
A big crowd thronged Athletic Park
during the game. ;
» w "Greens"' on Ilurll nfra me Link*.
New irraßs "greens" have been made
on the Burllngarae Country Club's golf
links, making it _ the: equal of " any
course on the. coast. .The "greens" are
unusually large. F. J. Rellly,, the
club's clever professional 'coach, ; and
the club : members expect , .more \u25a0\u25a0 inter
esting pla.y under the new conditions.
Builds up all the waste tissue of, the
kidneys. Lash's Bitters." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,! MONDAY,' : DEGEMBER .25,^1^05.
POLOISTS COMPETE IN A SNAPPY GAME
ON FRANCIS J. CAROLAN'S FIELD.
TEAM CAPTAINED BY WALTER HOBART JS VICTORIOUS
A RACE FOR POSSESSION OF THE BALL. ON FRANCIS J. CAROLAN'S POLO FIELD AT BUKi.INGAME. CAPTAIN JOHN- -
SON. THE FAMOUS ENGLISH POI>JIST, ON THE LKFT. AND PETER MARTIN ON THE RIGHT. BEING IN HOT PUR
SUIT DURING YESTERDAY'S KXCITING PRACTICE' GAME. ONLY FOUR PERIODS WERE PLAYED. \u0084 . ' ' . _\u25a0
STAKE HONORS
GO BY DEFAULT
Dr. Clark's L. L. C. Is With
drawn in Final and Carlow
Boj Captures Fii*st Honey
Dr. Clark's greyhound, . L. L. C, waa
unfortunate in having a severe test In the
semi-final round yesterday at Ingleside .
Coursing Park, as the Stockton dog was
showing great speed and would /have
given Carlow Boy, \he winner of.' the
Champion Stake, a hard run. The trial
proved^too long, so the trainer of "the
runner-up wisely withdrew. his charge and
first money went to L. Corder's Carlow
Boy by default. , .
The Eastern dogs showed to advantage
during the day's running. D.K. Cart
ter's Keeley's Malt, ran up to her Eastern
form and decisively bea^ a fast field in
the reserve event. Cranberry Sauce went
into the final of the unfinished reserve
stake, being beaten for. first honors by
La Rosa.
E. Preston's Real Pasha, which figured
to have a chance for stake honors,
showed as much speed as a snail in : the
first race in the unfinished reserve event
against Shotgun. Dogs from this kennel
appear to be versatile performers.
The following are the day's results with
Judge John Suttons' official scores: >\u0084-.'
Champion Stake, first round— Cariow Boy
beat lodine. 7-4;; Jim Lamb beat. Lady Keli>,
IU-14; Frank C. beat Rocked Asleep. 8-1; Wild
Turkey beat Belmont, 11-0; Hudson beat Fnur
Paw 4-0; \u25a0 Agile. Spurt - beat Barge, 7*2;
Richard Anton beat Fair Flylnjr, 7-3; Lucy
Claire beat Lady Leeds, 16-14; Tralee's Be9t
beat Lord Sefton, 7-4; • Foxhunter . a / bye.
Panoche withdrawn; L L C beat Gambit,. 3-2;
Fiery Baden beat Bon Ami, 7-5.
Second round— -Carlow Boy beat Frank C,
5-4; Wild Turkey beat Jim Lamb, 10-C; Hud-
Bon btat Ajjile Spurt, 7-a; Richard Anton bt at
1 Lucy Claire, 10-4 ; , Foxhunter 1 1 beat Tralee's
Best. 9-6; L L G beat Fiery Baden, 5-0.
• Third round — Carlow Boy beat Wild Turkey,
7-5: Klehard Anton beat Hudson, 10-4; L L C
beat Foxhunter. 3-0. : - »\u25a0\u25a0'•('' .
Kx-.ucth. round — Carlow • Boy beat "Richard
Anton. 5-3; L L C a b.ve.
Dt'Cldint' course — 1... Corder'p Carlow Hoy
(Glartlatr.r-Max' Rosebud) won -by -default; Dr.
'P. F. Clark's L L. C ' (Fetter Free— Sweet
Favordale) withdrawn. \u25a0
Class Btake, first round — Edenvale' beat ;
Reckless Acrobat, 3-0; Glaucus . beat Wlnnins
Friend. S-4; Jim Ryan beat Sea Ll(>n, 7-5:
Honest John beat ; Paul "Dunbar, ' 2-0; Ml 1
Amlso beat ' Fier>' Rock, 8-5 ; Davy •: Crockett 1
beat Miss Gambit. «-3; Great Northern beat!
Tom King. 7-5; Fetterless beat Gallant Friend,
7-4- e«cretlv« beat Queen's Beauty, t»-4; Mr.
Lorijers beat Patched Up, 5-0: Dolly -nisto^
beat The Rival. B-0; Lady Athlete boat Hid
den Hatred. -7-4; Full Moon beat ; Race Klnr.
G-5- Boutonnlere beat Sangerman, 'l:J-ll ; King
V beat Cuban Star, 11-8; Keeley's Malt a bye,
Lancashire Lftd withdrawn. ..'•
Second round— Eden vale \u25a0 beat .- Glaucus, \u25a0 5-0;
Jim Ryan beat. Honest ; John,; 18-g; -, Davy
Crockett beat Ml Amleo.^ 8-7; Fetterless beat
Great Northern. l«-0; Mr. Lonjera beat Secre
tive, 7-1; Lady Athlete -beat Dolly fßlshoD,
12-C: Full Moon beat - Boutonniere, 5-3;
K*«lev'« Malt beat Kin* V. . 6-5. '
Third round — Edenvale beat Jim Rynn, «5-l;
Davy Crockett- beat Fetterless, 8-6; Mr. ,T*n
jerti beat Lady Athlete, «-2; - Keeley'a £ Malt
boat Fiill Moon." . 6-2. - ; . .'-.-.•--- :.'•..
Fourth round— Davy \u25a0- Crockett • bent : Eden
vale, 11-5; Keeley'e - Malt '\u25a0 beat Mr. Tonjers.
11-3.- -\u0084 \u25a0. \u25a0.-•;\u25a0,:\u25a0 \u25a0>- <;•>-- .:-. \u25a0<\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0::\u25a0\u25a0 v -\u25a0;- !
Deciding course — D." X. * Cartter's Ke«ley's :
Malt (Tlburon-Colonlal Girl) beat J. Ryan*s j
Davy Crockett (Rocker-Honesty) 16-12. • - I
Unfinished reßerve stake,' - - fourth : . '- round—
Shotcun beat Real Pasha," 5-2;-, La , Rosa beat
Blfanor B, \u25a0 12-10; Cranberry " Sauce ' beat i
Queen's Motto, 3-2. » • • \u25a0 / .
Fifth round— La Roßa beat Shotgun, 6-5;
Cranberry. Sauce a bye. v '\u0084-...
Deciding course — George . : Nethercott's -La ;
Rosa 1 (Gamblt-Morley) - beat G. -H. v Mac
doußall's \u25a0- Cranbtrry Sauce (Ltthbrldee-Shy
Mldset) \l-\2. \u25a0\u25a0- ;\u25a0•:- .' ; -; .>;.\u25a0-.:;: .•'
Brown Falls ; Down Cellar Stepß.
James Brown, \ residing : at . . 151* Tre
mont street, " fell , down \u25a0 the ' cellar (steps
y esterd ay; and fractured ,i, i his h left* arm.
He was : taken % to r the ; Park 1 \u25a0 Emergency
Hospital, where tis arm was set > by Dr.
Kucich. ':? '-\u25a0-'\u25a0} .\u25a0: \u25a0 \u25a0
A practice polo game- replete with;
sensational ,horsem.inship was. played
at Uurlinpriim* yesterday on'the private
field of Francis ,J. Carolan, master of
crossways. As both players and ponies'
uro still a little shy. of condition the
game was made-up of but four periods
of ten minutes each instead of the reg
ulation six periods. The • teates were
made up of: ', . ..-. •;.'*:: - .
Rods. V ': : V>> ../TPMtes. \u25a0
P. D. Martin, - Captaln ; Seympvr ' •
C R. Tobin, P. Clagstone.- : •_ ',
R'. M. Tobin, T. A. . Driecoll,
AV. S. Hobart. Captain .Johnson.
Rereree— Richard McCreery. ; ; . ; . " r *
Timekeeper — Mr. Waterbury. ' -' \u25a0 . ""
/Scorer-Reds, 5 goals>; -W hi tea, 3 coals. \u25a0_.
Two 'noted English players," Captain
Archibald Seymour and Captain^Bulke
ley Johnson, both of the famous Scots
Greys, were in the saddle. With Messrs.
Driscoll and Clagstone as team mates
they held their opponents level until
well into the last period.
The Reds then : put on a burst of
speed and scored two goaJs before the
bell signaled the end of the game. The
final score was" 5 to 3 in their favor.
For a game . so early in the-: season
there was some desperate riding,' .Cap
tain Seymour especially gamely taking
chances with-light ponies in riding oft
heavier opponents. He is a left-handed
player. The field was safe, but v not as
fast as it will be later , in the season.
Captain Johnson scored In the first
inning for the Whites. Walter Hobart
performing a like service for. his team.
Neither, side scored in the second
period.
'Mr. Driscoll. showed his old-time. form
early In the- third period .by securing
the ball and running it across the field,
the other, players being strung out be
hind him like the tail of a cWet. He
drove the ball just; outside the goal
postal. The ball was put Into play
again and he soon. ecortd the coveted
POint.. ". .. : ...\u25a0\u25a0 '.--\u25a0'''' '. $: ;* \.
R. M. Tobin sent the ball outside
twice, but finally placed it' for Walter
Hobart, who scored. The Whites gained
a lead, of^ohe. point just before the
period closed. - The Reds. were penalized
for. one* of their members being off
side, and Captain Johnson was; given a
free stroke. / After the ball had been
in play a ihort time Mr. Driscoll
scored. \u25a0 ; .
Early in the . fourth period Walter
Hobart again. evened the score, making
itS to 3. He then placed -the ball and
R. M.' robin scored. Cyril Tobin then
distinguished - himself by.? working the
hall "out of a scrimmage and running
it down the field for the last goal of
the day..." \u25a0
The -players- showed" good form for
the limited amount; of practice they
have had. ' Mr. Driscoll played : espe
cially well, although he .was riding
ponies to which he was not nccustomed;
With the arrival of F. J. Carolan and
F. J. Mackey .. >vlth : the English team
the game wUl.soon.be In full swing.
G I VKS Hl* \V I FK ' ONE \u25a0PA IR i -
: OP STOCKIXGS DURING YEAR
Remarkable Chaw- I« Made:,b*.tCln
•; / cinuntl . Woman In , ' Complaint ' • ;
" Filed Agaluftt Husband. 1
NEW \TORK. - Dec. 24.'— -Though
Runck, in a statement, filed* to-day,
charges thai In the ; year, she' was itfiarif
ried Ho Lewis *F."Runck ; Jr.; his \u25a0? only
contribution ;to ? her?Buppbrt; was a' pair
of ; : stockings worth i 15, cents. l She -also
alleges !, that > he^ failed \u25a0 to .provide ? for
her.t compelling her to sleep ;ln?;door
ways", public -parks and many, other;ln
convenient places. ; Runck is the son of
a 1a 1 well-known i Insurance "man. , >
j j Mrs. 'Runck,. who is j auite handsome,
did. not- state \u25a0 how. or when, at" all,"
the : hosiery > department ',: or her ward
robe-had <been« replenished.;: '
Mm. Lnurn E. Ki' Adams : Succnmbs.
\u25a0 ,: Mrs.' ; Laura r E. : K. .Adams, ; . a "'.well
known president; of this city, died yes
terday'-'at ~ her ihonie,; 2424 ,; Pacific ;ave
nue^.. »Tho "deceased \ was ; the , mother r of
Mrs:f E.* ! B.i Kellogg r ? and^Edward? Mills
Adanis.*, The If unerali services • wills, be
held i from \u25a0;' her; late i v home >\u25a0 to-morrbw
afternoon and the Interment' will :be
private.:.- . >. ' ** >~ . -;
PITCHER NAGLE
STILL WINNING
Los Angeles Plienom Helps
Seals 1 Turn the Tables
oil the Prune Pickers
9 s! . -
SAN JOSE. Dec. 24.— The* San Fran
cisco Seals had their revenge on San
Jose this afternoon and evened up old
scores by shutting out the Prune Pick
ers. Nagle, .. the Los Angeles pitcher,
was in . the box for the Seals and
brought his good luck with him. He
was given perfect support and the six
hits, made off his delivery did the
locals no good as they were scattered.
Strlcklett for the San J&seans pitched
a good game, but the team .behind him
fell down at critical times and allowed
the. Seals to score three runs. The
playing of Gochnauer, the San Fran
cisco shortstop, . was of the serisa
tional order. ''
The Seals and . Prune Pickers will
claeh again to-morrow afternoon with
Roy Hitt and Emerson opposing each
other on the slab.
The score for to-day's game foliows:
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.'.. ' 0 1 0 0 0 U 1 0 1,— 3
Base hit 5...... 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 .0 2 — «
San Jose ......0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
BaFehKo .......0 2 0 1 Oil 01—6
Batteries— Nagle and Wilson; Strlcklett and
Kent. ; Umpire— Doyle.; .;
Italians and negroes. .
engage i& fierce fight
Several Hurt In, Clatili Drtueeo the
\u0084J : .. '\u25a0 -v. Raced In ' Street* of ,
' Chlcaeo. . •
:,' CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— 1n a; race riot
between - Italians .and negroes v at
Eighteenth >nd Dearborn streets to T
night two Italians were .shot and
severely injured l and one colored man
' was > ; stubbed, but, not fatally, injured.
The police, of { the Twenty-second street
station, after liberal useJof their,; clubs
on the heads of, both factions, forced
peace between them.
;: As : a .result: of. the riot, which lasted
for more; than twenty minutes and in
which; more L-' than 30Q. people r partici :
pateTJ,;both races are on the alert' and
the police- fear a renewal; of the fight.
I The seriously injured are: Vitoua
Brello, Fortunato Brutuccio; Charles
Amos (colored). ;
"T: Many,' others" suffered slight bruises.
Twenty, persons were . arrested after the
fight.* For: -some tlmerlll-feeling ha 3
existed between the negro and Italian
residents",' ln Dearborn street, and sev
efdl street fights have .occurred re
cently, v :'- >"
SUED BECAUSE HE ; BOASTED
OF 'HAVING HUGGED A GIRL
Jilted Snltor .;I»'iMade Defendant In
an Action tor 91500
- MAHANOY-CITY. Pd.; Dec.s24.—Be
cause-he? made the public 'boast that
he had embraced and' showered kisses
upon : her ' in ' the " unllghted ' parlor of \u25a0 her
' home '• Miss Jennie Miller, - a young-, girl
of '\u25a0'• fascinating 1 beauty :of Rlngtowni
near - here, / has brought civil action
against' Monroe Manbeck to recover.
$1500: damages. . -. r? :
, ManbeckTand MIS 3 Miller "kept com
pany" -during .the t summer and: she. Is
alleged Uo; have* jilted him. .This;made
him<angry?and;-toi even; up". the score
he Y circulated ' unpleasant stories ; of ' their
Bummer, r courtship.
;; The Bosnian is as ; celebrated In .Europe
for.: the ; firearms, sabers and knlyea .which
he- manufactures . as ithe i inhabi. ints , of
Spanish ' Toledo are for, thehv Uae-edged
blades. 1 ?; 7 :" . : X-^WSKBUttHSBSttSSk
PLAYERS FAIL
TO GIVE ODDS
Tennis Handicaps Prove
Too Heavy for the Cracks
to Concede Successfully
TWO TEAMS NOW REMAIN
Fuller and Warner, With
Kuehn and Murphy ,- Reach
the Finals on Club Courts
The sixth of a series of handicap tennis
doubles tournaments for the Directors'
i cups, played on the California Club's
I courts, proved an interesting event. As a
result of the unusually large odds allow
ed the Doorer teams they succeeded In
downing the cracks playing from behind
scratch. .
Play was completed to the finals, the
successful teams being George Fuller
and Moulten Warner and Charles Kuehn
and William Murphy. The former played
from the 3-6 mark and the latter were at
15 3-6. They will meet in the finals at 11
o'clock this morning. . .
There were twelve teams in the compe
tition, two changes being, made just be
fore play commenced. George Janes and
i George Busch were substituted for Fuller
and Steinfeld. The new team waa placed
;on the owe 30 3-6 mark. Fuller took Mills'
1 place and. played with Warner. The han-
I dicap was not changed.
Murphy and Kuehn were undoubtedly
under-estimated by the committee in
charge of the handicapping. They won
both their matches almost without effort.
Fuller and Warner had an easy time in
their first match, but had a close call in
the scmi-nnals. They allowed & Vogel
and B. Webster odds of 15 3-6 and/won in
straight sets. In the scml-flnals they were
opposed to Dr. Lovegrove and T. D.
Black. The latter received 3-6 and the
odds proved about right.
Lovegrove and Biaek won the first set.
but the next two went to their opponents
by a narrow margin.
The other semi-nnal match brought to
gether the Long brothers and Murphy
and Kuehn. . The Longs played good ten
; nis ir their first two matches, but the
odds they were called upon to allow Mur
i phy and Kuehn were unquestionably too
large. The latter, both play lair tenni3
and the Lous ' brothers could make no
headway.
In the 'preliminary round H. Rolfe and
H. Schmidt, another of ihe teams play-
Ing from Z0 3-6 back of scratch, lost a
i hard-fought match. C. Smith and A. E.
Beyfuss, v. Ith 3-6, pulled out the match
after losii.K.the first set.
A. Kenyon and H. Gabriel, with odds of
owe 15 i-6, were beaten by the Longs
after winning the first set easily. Smith
and Beyfuss lest to Lovegrove and Black
in straisht sets. The scores follow:
Preliminary round— H. Long and . M. Long
(owe 30 a-b) beat W. G. Knowlton and N.
Blaisdell U 5 3-t). 6-2. S-ti; A. Kenyon and H.
, Gabriel (owe 15) beat U. James and G. Busch
(owe 30 3-6) t-2. ::-«, 6-2: C. Smith and A.
Beyiu&B <:s-b) beat H. Rolfe and H. Scbmldt
(owe 30 3-ti) 4-0. &-6, «-\u25a0»• \u25a0' \u0084 .
First round — W. Murphy and C Kuehn
(15 3-tO beat Ttiirkel and W. Johnson AMf
C-a. H-i,: Lon* and Long (owe 30 3-ji) beat
Kenyon and Gabriel (owe 15) 1-6, «-3. b-4;
Dr Lovesrove and T. D. Black <15) beat
Smith and Beyluss (3-6) 7-5 tt-4; M- V.*.™er
and G Fuller (3-ti) beat E. \ osel and B.
Webster (30) 6-3, «-2.
I Semi-finaU— Murphy and Kuehn (15 3-6)
beat Lone and Lone (owe 30 3-6) 6-2. B-2.
Warner and Fuller (*\u25a0€) beat Lovejfrove and
Black (IB) 5-7. 7-5. C-4. ' *;. \u0084
RUSSIAN LANGUAGE TOO
MUCH FOR A POLICEMAN
Illuccont Threatens to Stop Meeting
Until Speakers I'm Slav
Tongue.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec 24.— A police
man to-day threatened to stop a meet
ing of Socialists who had gathered in
a local theater "to protest against the
massacres of Jews In Russia" if the
speakers/persisted In denouncing Pres
ident Roosevelt and his administration.
Ben Hartford of New York, the Vice
Presidential candidate on the Socialist
ticket In 1904, was speaking when the
interruption came. He had been de
nouncing the Russian Government and
was in the midst of a tirade against
the President and "other agents in
this country of the Czar." . .
The policeman on duty at the the
tater-believed his remarks Justified him
'in 'warning Hanford to desist. Ho
walked down the aisle, and. Interrupt
ing Hanford, told him he would have
to tone- down his remarks or he would
stop the meeting. Later the speaker
used the Russian language.
The policeman, not being familiar
with the Russian language, did not in
terfere and the remainder, of the meet
ing was not interrupted.
BEITISH STEAMSHIP
SUNK IX COLLISION
Sent to Bottom in Accident
on Coast of South
America.
LONDON, Dec. 24. — Advices received
to-day from Montevideo say the British
steamship Bellahoch. Captain Herlsen,
outward bound, for Liverpool, and the
British steamship. Canning, Captain
Dixon,: outward t bound from Buenos
Ayres for New York, were in collision.
The former sank, having had four holes
made in her port side, the damage ex
tending " below the water line. The
third nnd fourth holds are full of water. 1
The Canning, which had Its bows!
slightly damaged, will proceed.
©R-HOLSMAN & CO.
729 MARKET ST.; S.F., Top Roor. Hours, Bto 8 Daily; Sundays, 9to 12
°~~T^ We are Specialists for Diseases and
. Weaknesses: of MEN, and MEN ONLY.
©"f 5^ have suctl firm confi^ snGe in OUP NEW
: jf -' - W METHODS and TREATMENT that we
4^ i£r are willing to cure our patients under
Aj*. '-y. an absolute Guarantee ofv '
o '"TT: --,; — — - — o\u25a0:o \u25a0: \u25a0
UNTIL CURED. We Mean This Masi Emphatically, li Is for Ton— for Emjbody.
CD 1 Lost Vitality Restored (according to igeX H to 60 DAYS. .
LC? Special Diseases (recently contracted). 4 DAYS.
C^j \u25a0 Varicocele (without an operation), 10 to 30 DAYS.
— Blood Poison (no'mercury or polaih).' 30 to 90 DAYS.
.£\u25a0? J KID .EY AND BLAIiUEK TROUBLES (either acute oi chronic), 15to40DAYS.
. r -CONSTJL.TATION FREE AND INVITED. „ Write. U you cannot calL AU corre-
spondence ; strictly confidential : and \u25a0_ all • replies sent In plain envelope*. - . . j
EDITED BY
R. A. SMYTH
ROVERS DEFEAT
THE "INDIES"
Association Football Gams
for Benefit of Players
Proves a Keen Contest
WINNERS SCORE TWICE
Albion Team Keeps Ball in
Territory of the Losers
Most of Second Period
In a lively and interesting game of As
sociation football played at Freeman's
Park, Golden Gate, yesterday, the Albion
Rovers beat the Independent* two goals
to one.
Neither club was represented by it 3
strongest eleven, the captains taking UM
opportunity afforded by a game that wa3
not for the league championship to try
some new men. The Albion Rover;*
scored a goal" early in ' the first period
from a penalty kick awarded for the
handling of the ball by McGran. Later
Evans put the ball into the net for the
Independents and the. score at the end of
the first half was "one all."
In the second period the Rovers played
downhill and kept the ball in Indeper.dert
territory much of the time, but though
their forwards had many shots, they
scored only once. The Independents now
and then made a rush, tiut were not abl-3
to get a goal. Petrie. Lydon and Ander
son played well for the winners, while tha
Fay brothers and Antrobus did good work
for the losers. Neither Balmaln nor Watt
seemed to be playing so strong a game a*
formerly. Antrobus cleared many dan
gerous shots well. The referee was C. W.
Irish, who kindly undertook to perform
the duties at the request of the teams.
The ground is in good condition now.
the rain having softened it and laid tha
dust. The proceeds of the game are far
the benefit of Matthieson and Dwysr, two
well-known players. The teams lined us
as follows:
Albion Rovers. Positions. Independents.
Ttxld Goal Ant r"^ ua
Anderson R. B .Milne
Bayne -I> B. feouter
Micihf. -B H. B McOran
Lvdon C. H. 8. ....... Balmaln.
Mlfne .:....... U H. B Hi ? hett
r..... .o w.«
Whvte I - L
Bradley. O. U Evan,
No games are scheduled for to-day. On
Wednesday evening the Association foot
ballers of the Olympic Club will hold a
meeting to effect organisation and discuss
their plans for the next three months. On
the same evening at a downtown restau
rant the Oakland Hornets will meet and
last seasons eleven will receive the med
als won by them as runners-up for tha
California Association football Union
Cup. ij^j!
Almshoute Inmate FaU» Off Car.
Fred Jack3on, an Inmate of the Alms
house, fell off a Hayes-street car at the
corner of Hayes and Flllmore streets
yesterday afternoon and fractured his
left arm. He was taken to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where his arm
was set by Dr. Kuctch.
A Pittsburg woman has been caught
cheating at golf, and her resignation from
the club has been called for.
U the idecl whiskey
for t»he yachtsman,
the golfer, th«
hunker, the at^eta "f^^
and the sportsman. VIJBBP
'...'•\u25a0', : , t
, Its parity, aroma sad
delicious flavor h\v*
mid: It a popular
favorite with aIL •*•
Ask for it wher*
t ever you go. .'. V
Grommes ®> Ullrich
OlstlUert
Chicago, 01. .
SAN . FRANCISCO . BRANCH .
• Beate Street
1112
Dry Goods Company.
Outerwear Section
(Second Floor)
Beginning Tuesday (To- Morrow) and Lasting Until Cleared
Ladies 9 Tailor-Made Suits, Dress and \
WalKing Skirts, Coals and JacKets
Regular Clearance
Ji a a o nd Tailor-Made Suits at. $7.50 1
$2 S nd Tailor-Made Suits at $10.00 j
•a?* Tailor=Made Suits at $15.00 |
"Sr Silk Shirt Waist Suits at $10.00
*ay Silk Shirt Waist Suits at $15-00
il !lT' Walking Skirts, B ; a i at $3.50
Velvet* Suits at* One-Half Original Prices.
Alterations Charged for on All Reduced Garments.
LINGERIE SECTION
CSECOXD FLOOR) J
These uniform reductions on odd lots and broken numbers of
Embroidered Batiste Waists
Woolen Waists i
Child's Coats and Dresses :
Will speedily bring about the clearance we intend t
REGULAR CLEARANCE
$10.00 EMBROIDERED BATISTE WAISTS at. . $8.50
$12.50 to $14.00 EMB'D BATISTE WAISTS at. ..510.00
$2.50 to $3.00 WOOLEN WAISTS Half Price
CHILDREN'S COATS and DRESSES '
.....Reduced to Half Original Prices.....
Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square
nobbed by a Colored Woman.
Charles Johnson reported to Police
men Morton and Bakulich early yes
. terday mornlngr that a colored woman
at 14 Pinckney alley had stolen a 520
gold piece from his pocket ,/wnile he
«as talking- to her. The policemen ar
r»;pted Anna Russell and booked her at
the City Prison on charges of grand
larceny and vagrancy.
*A.rr, — Carmel-for-the-Sea — 86.75.
This low rate Includes Saturday to Monday
round trip ticket from San Francisco and ac
commoflas.ion« Rt Pine Inn Hotel. Further
particulars of Southern Pacific agent.
Orrner Wanted for Coin.
S. Ducas. <?46 Market street, found
an envelope containing $9 15 atEildy and
Market streets on Saturday night. He
notified the police and said the owner
rould have the coin by applying to him
for it.
/. MAGNIN §- CO.
A Clearance Sale
of five Hundred
LADIES' SILK WAISTS
Sale commences tomorrow
at 9 A.M.
A remarkable Clearance Sale of
all broken sizes— important to
all women because the assort-
ment is so large— the materials
are of the most reliable quality.
Note the vast reductions :
LOT 1 — 250 WAISTS, LOT 2 — 250 WAISTS,
made of taffeta, messahne, ~,,\0 r„ a . ,•
peau de soie and peau de made of tafTeta, messahne,
cygne — strictly tailor-made peau de soie and peau de
«#3-t uilor - made and
Eton suits. ,• fancy models.
Former Prices Former Prices
5 6 5 7.50 $ 8.50 $ 8 5 950 >IO $ I 2
• ' - \u25a0* -.
SALE DJ^ SALE ' fi^
PRICE.. sJ«^»J PRICE.. \Jm\J\J
NOTICE— Owing to this important sale,,
no goods will be. exchanged on Tuesday in
pur waist department..
— ~ * ' • "'• •
91S-922 Market Street "g&l?
Struck on Head With a Cane.
A. Hanisln " of the Moltrace Hotel,
Mason and O'Farrell streets, while in
an automobile in front of the hotel
early yesterday morning, was struck
on the head with a cane by Otto Kohn.
Kohn was arrested by Policemen Hurd
and Wilson and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon.
Dl Kola's Asthma - Remedy cures
asthma, leaves no bad after effect. Sold
by druggists. Main office, 1605 Market."
Victim of Robber Dies.
B. Kimura, the Japanese chicken
raiser who was shot" by a robber in his
little shack at Millbrae on last Fri
day night and who was removed from
the McNutt Hospital to the Central
Emergency Hospital, died yesterday
morning. The remains were turned
over to Coroner Leland.
THE SAN FRANGISCO-CALL,; MONDAY, DECEMBER' 25, 1905.
WOMEN ASSIST
IN FIST FIGHT
Three Young Men Arrested
on a Charge of Assault With
Intent to Commit •' Kotitiery
DENY BEING FOOTPADS
Assert That Alleged Victim
Bumped Into Two of Them
and Blows Were Exchanged
Three young men, Fred J. Collins, night
clerk at the Neptune Hotel, 633 Post
street; Eugene G. Smith, a draughtsman
living at the Maryland Hotel. | and Eu
gene Band, a bartender at the Maryland
bar, are In the: city Prison charged with
an assault with intent to commit robbery.
The complaining witness is George J. El
liott, a real estate dealer, living at 239
Powell street.
Elliott was in an automobile with J. A.
McMillen and McMlllen's wife and daugh
ter, who also live at 239 Powell street.
Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday morning
the party left the automobile in a garage
on Taylor street, at the rear of the Clara
Barton Hospital. While walking home
Elliott left the others to go to a house at
Taylor and Bush streets, and he alleges
he was attacked by two men on Taylor
street, near Adelaide place. They knocked
him down and he shouted for help. Mc-
Mlllen heard his cries and saw him on
the sid«walk~scuffling with two men, who
had him down. McMillen ran to his as
sistance and beat the two men off. El
liott's assailants ran away, leaving their
hats behind. One of the hats had the
name "E. G. Smith" on a band inside.
The police were notified and Smith was
found in the basement of the Maryland
Hotel without his hat. Collins -was found
at the Neptune Hotel. Both were taken
to Elliott and he identified them as the
two men who had attacked him. They
were taken to the City Prison and booked
on the charge of assault to rob. Later
Sergeant Mullender and Policemen J.-B.
O'Connor, Lanckman, Wratten and
Reavls found a cuff at the scene of the
affray and discovered that Band, who
was found at the Maryland bar, had only
one cuff. He was arrested, but refused
to make any statement. *
Later Band made a statement that he
was taking Smith to a drug store to have
his face attended to when Elliot bumped
into them. One word led to another, and
then a fight started. McMillen, he said, and
the two women joined in the fight and he
and Smith got the worst of it. They
both ran away, leaving- their hats. There
was no thought in their minds of rob
bery.. Smith corroborated Band and said
that he and Collins had had a fight with
three men in front of the Neptune Hotel
over a woman, and Band. was taking him
to a drug store to get his bruised face
dresssd. Collins corroborates Smith as to
the flsrht with the three menafnd declares
that Elliott is entirely mista%n in identi
fying him as one of the two men with
whom he had the fight. ' £\
Both of Smith's eyes -are puffed and
blackened by the fight with the three
men, he says. One of Collins' eyes is
blackened and his nose bruised and swol
len, and Band has a cut on his nose,
which he said was from a blow from the
elder of the two w&men. The three men
said they had all been'drinklng in a'sa
loon near the Neptune . Hotel, and Smith
admits he was considerably under the in
fluence of liquor. - In view of Band's ad
mission it, is likely that Collins will be
discharged.
BURGLAR CAPTURED WHILE
IX WATER FROXT SALOON*
Tell* Police the Xante and Addres« of
Hla Companion, and He h AUn
Arrested. "i V %\u25a0>
Two burglars were cleverly cap
tured by the water front police early
yesterday morning. Shortly before 1
o'clock a car conductor notified the
Harbor station that there was some
one in a -saloon owned by the Wunder
Brewing Company at East and Clay
streets, winch had ibeen closed for the
night. Policemen Hayes and Fontana
and Special Officer Shepston ran to the
saloon and saw a man at the cash
register behind the bar. Fontana and
Shepston covered him with their re
volvers, while Hayes crawled through
a broken glass door on the Clay-street
side and' captured the burglar, who
gave his name as William Bennett. He
was booked mi a. charge, of burglary.
Bennett latex confessed that he had
a companion with him named Thomas
Breens, who had a room at 1316 Stock
ton street. Hayes and Fontana went
to jthat address and found Breens in a
room with two .other men, George
Mennard and DanieJ Westman. The
trio was arrested. . Breens was booked
for burglary and Mennard and West
man were locked up. pending develop
ments. Two demijohns of Uquorwere
found on the sidewalk outside the Sa
loon and a similar .one,' almost empty,
wns found Tn Breens' room. The demi
johns were booked as evidence.
JEWISH CHILDREN CELEBRATE
THE FEAST OF DEDICATION
Parents and - Friend* Gather In Large
Number to Listen to: Patriotic
Songm and Prayer*.
The Jewish feaat of dedication was
celebrated by the pupils of the free re
llgiouß school of the Jewish Educa
tional Society yesterday afternoon. The
exercises were held in the Ernanu El
Sisterhood building, ' 1248 :; Folsom
street, and many of the parents and
friends of the pupils were present' to
listen :to the programme. Patriotic
Hebrew songs were -sung and ancient
prayers offered. .
The programme was as follows: •
Hymn, "Almighty God" ; the Decalogue In
Hebrew and English; hymn No. 68,' "0 Lord";
Hebrew ' reading by" the second : grade; \u25a0. hymn.
"O Lord, :, My. God.; < Channukoh story, Miss
Kaplan's class; hymn ; No. 23. Miss
claae; -. eervlce; AI '-\u25a0 Hanlsslm; El '\u25a0-. Kelohenu :
"Kindling the Lights." Children of Mies A»h
er's class; .Channukoh song; addresses; <"' Flag
of the Free"; closing : prayer and benediction.
Accused ; of ; Rollins a Drunk.
Charles Cramer, 10% Cleveland street,
notified Policemen. Dunne and Hlnrlchs
early yesterday that . a
drunken man .was lylngr '• In the'?. gutter
at Third and Howard streets; and : that
two men had ; robbed /him.' They grot a
description .of -the two men and rang;
for the patrol wagron.' : "When 'the wagon
arrived the . drunken , man iwas? put < In*
It and Dunne and- Hinrlchs * went v.";ln
search of ;'John;:Linehan:.'arid : Chester,
Hamilton, the siispected- footpads. They
soon found them,;but:;when they- re
turned to the wagon the drunken man had
disappeared. ' On the way to^the^City
Prison Hamilton' was seen" to place a
watch under 4he seat; in' the :wagon
and. a. watch chain was found in his
pocket. .In Xlnehan|s pocket. $39 40
was found. Linehan and Hamilton were
locked up.v ' >
Sirs. Peake, eac-Aotre»«. Lecture*.
Mrs.. Peake,. formerly, an atcress of
some- note iand now^ a working .evan
srellst;^lectured t to a-iargei? gathering' at
the Yburi g. Men's Christian \u25a0 Associa tion
yesterday: afternoon;^ She Hold ! of 'some
of her * experiences * on; the" stage. ; ; She
urged .her. hearers to 'accept the Chris
tian 1 faith fat" onc«.".' . / i '\u25a0''\u25a0:
New safe deposit vaults.; $2 per 'annum. Citl
unt' State Bank. lMS Montgomery street. •
COLLINS FREE
ON BAIL BOND
Judge Lawlor Releases the
Accused Attorney on an
Authenticated Security
SAME AMOUNT IS FIXED
Fifteen Thousand Dollars Is
Sum Accepted, to Disap
pointment of Byington
George D. Collln3 was admitted to
ball last night; by Judge Lawlor In
the sum of $16,000 on a bond furnished
by the Aetna Indemnity Company. IHe
spent his Christmas eve with his latest
wife and her mother. From the time
the jury disagreed and was discharged
Collins. has made an energetic attempt
to be admitted to bail, and after making
an 'appeal to Chief Justice Beatty of
the Supreme Court and. Associate Jus
tice Angellotti the % recent defendant
was liberated by Judge Lawlor on pre
sentation of authenticated security.
Judge Lennon has withdrawn entire
ly from the 1 case and It is probable
that the contempt proceedings against
the Newman brothers will be heard be
fore Judge Lawlor. The principal rea
son for "Judges Lennon's refusal to ; ac
cept the bond last Saturday afternoon
was the . failure of Collins to have the
proper certificate from State Insurance
Commissioner Wolf vouching for the
strength of the indemnity company.
The liberation of Collins was hast
ened by -the- efforts of Special Counsel
L? P. Boardman, who was assiduous in
securing his client's release. The sign
ing of the : release by Judge Lawlor.
carries with It" an order; to Collins to
report every morning to the court at
8:80 o'olock. This morning he will re
port at 11 o'clock, but hereafter the
earlier, hour has been set.
Collins was elated over his prospects
and happy at his liberation. He talked
freely, of his plans regarding hlsbusi
ness and said that he has given up the
idea of leaving the city and starting
a career' somewhere t else.,- He intends
reopening " his office in the Crocker
building arid will continue his practice
before the local courts. He is prepar
ing a number of affidavits charging
various offenses against \ those con
nected with his prosecution and says he
will appear; before the court Tuesday
morning to ask that citation Issue com
manding the parties to show cause
why they shall not be punished for
contempt, v.
In. the meantime Byington Is pro
ceeding in the matter of gathering
proof that Collins approached members'
of the venire and that ulterior notives
Induced Jurymen Hartley, Hunter and
Hickman to give their votes for ac
quittal. He is also preparing a state
ment to Judge Lawlor requesting that
Collins' bai^ be. increased to $40,000.
Despite his eager desire to see the con
clusion of Collins'. case before his term
expires it is • impossible \ for the cause
to be set. as the Minnie* Adams trial
will interfere. The duty of prosecuting
Collins ! will devolve, upon District At
torney Langdon, who promises that he
will proceed within legal lines in the
direction required. ;* <,Tir
LAMP EXPLODES;
WOMAN DEAD
Mrs. Elizabeth Metzger Is
the Victim* of Fatal Acci
dent in a Lodging-House
Mrs Elizabeth Metzger, a widow 35
years old, was fatally burned by the ex
plosion of a coal oil lamp in her , room,
739 Folsom street, . yesterday afternoon.
The unfortunate creature ran out into
the hallway, her. clothes on ; fire. She
was unable to make an, outcry. Albert T.
Jones, one of the/ 1 lodgers, and little
Henry Vanseggren, 'grandson *of the land
lady, ran to her assistance. In the mean
time, Patrolmen ; John ; Conlon and John
McCormack of the Southern station, who
were passing, rushed upstairs and Conlon
succeeded in extinguishing the flames.
The woman .was sent to" the Central
Emergency "Hospital, where she died
last evening at" 9 o'clock.
Mrs. Metzger, though -frightfully burned
on the head and body, and suffering
terrible pain, retained consciousness
until death came to her relief. . She
said the lamp • exploded after she < lit it
and her -wrapper caught fire. She
became excited and rati. out Into the
hallway, fanning the flame as she ran.
She was' one mass of flame when the
officers arrived. :'\u25a0 v
The woman * was a- widow -and
had been doing." housework for a : livlng'.-
She said she .had five children living In
Stockton, but neighbors -and friends as
sert that they all - died some) years ago.
She also said she was engaged to '-•: be
married to an Oakland florist and j asked
that he be . sent j for.' ;. She c ; called \u25a0 for v a
priest when .taken to the hospital, and the
Rev. Father Allen of St. Ignatius Church
responded and administered the : last rites
of the Catholic church • to : her.
Mrs. Metzger was employed *In the; ill
fated Baldwin Hotel the night it burned
down, and lost • the ; sight - of : one -of her
eyes; She said - that lack of ; sight was
responsible for the explosion ". as \ she" was
unable to see the lamp when V the fatal
accident occurred. ; \u25a0: «
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla le the
leader the world over. v'Um no; other.'; . •
TRAVELING MEN ROMP VABOUT •
THE BASEBALL DIAMOND
Pacific Coast A ssoelatlon Defeats United
Organization b^ . i\\e Close Score
-of 10 to',o. J> :'...'\u25a0'\u25a0"
; The ' Pacific Coast Travelers' ; Associa
tion was • .victorious over ; the United
Trayelers'l Association' in .'a "ball - game
yesterday . afternoon o.- at \u0084R ecreation
Park by ths score of 10 to 9. -The game
Itself - was ' exciting , enough,';. the ", score
being tied In^the ;;. eighth '\u25a0 inning' and
the ; "Jollying". -£f : the ' hap\>y ; comfner-'
clal -men added rest:to'the:playersVef
forts., VPop" Van Haltren; umpired the
j'^The - line-up of the two teams is as
follows! 'd&mBBNBBSU&ttB3Bi3B33&BBEKtti
United Commercial Travelers—Koegh
an,; shortstop;; Mahoriey,: fright' o fleld;
Hall; second base;)Bech,')flrst.base;Zaf
tig, right field
Goldberg, % field ; • Cohn, ; catcher ;
Posner, : pitcher. /^ ,:
Pacific Coast -.Travelers^— Walker,
third : \u25a0 base; -Van I "a Sickleri, fright : field ;
Wertheimer. ; firsti base; iGoslinsky, sec-;
ond-^ base; - -Friedlander,',- center ; .'field;
Levy, left .field; Gcldor.- right: field: A.
Werthelmer;, catcher; Stockton, pitcher.'
Try the United; States Laundry. 100*
Market street. Telephone ? South \u25a0420.'.»,
. Wise men make t hny. 'While the sun
shines,) but \u25a0 fools i make it; byl gaslight.
RENDER SONGS
OF JOYOUSNESS
Christmas Services Held in^
the Evangelical Churches
by Assemblages of Devout
\u25a0 ;—; — +
HEAP SPLENDID CHOIRS
Sweet Yuletide Music Floods
Air and*. Preachers Tell
of "Good Will to All Men"
Christmas services were observed yes
terday in the evangelical churches cf the
city, and in each case- the decorations
were in harmony with the season. The
congregations were large in every Instance
and the sermons all breathed the words,
"good will tcj men." .
Choirs were augmented, and in several
churches an dtchestra accompanied the
voices iin the rendition of the sacred
music.: --' '-%^V'!: — '- '
The First Presbyterian Church present
ed a beautiful_ appearance, the Christmas
decorations being of the choicest floral
kind. The pulpit was clad in brakes and
poinsettias, and the rest of the church
was one mass of evergreens. The Yule
tide music was superbly rendered.
The theme of the sermon, by the Rev.
William Kirk Guthrie, was a simple
Christmas message, breathing the spirit
of the time and founded on the third
note. of the angel's song. "Good will to
men"— God's good ; will to men, and .in
consequence of God's good will to men,
man's good will to man.
Mr. Guthrie said in effect:
God had been tryinK for ages to teach men
about Himself, by mercy and by judgment, by
prophet and by poet, by sorrow and by joy,
but the end of it all was that the world bj
wtsdom knew not God and in the hour of Its
deepest darkness He sent His son to give It
lluht and leading— to lead It Into the better
life. . .
The greatest thing in the world Is • life. In
fact, without life the world is not and the
failure of the world's life is that Its life is
not risht.
Life, physical or sDirltual. depends on the
double process of receiving and giving. Man
doec : not = live by bread alone, but by a
thousand and ' one subtle Influences which re
ceived, consciously or unconsciously, nourish
a > perfect life, but all reception means re
filetion. The end of repletion Is corruption, so
lfe sto be continuous must give ' out as well
as take In. . * - ,- -
1 1 This common-place of our physical life Is
absolutely true of our spiritual life, we re
ceive it of God that we may give it to men
and he who "refuses to give love, symj>athy,
patience, himself has filled of his best possi
bility and is out of harmony with the spirit
of Christmas time.
Calvary Presbyterian Church presented
a handsome appearance with the, simple
holly and berry decorations which hung
from the massive gallery. The Christmas
exercises in the morning: were by the
Sunday School, whose singing of . the
carols, "Hall . Him Your King," "The
Blessed Morn," "Sweet Song of Joy," and
"Host of Heaven Singing" was most ef
fective. The choir was heard in anthem
and carol \u25a0 also, and the pastor, the Rev.
John Hemphill, D. D., recited the prayer
and delivered a most impressive s Christ
mas greeting.
The evening service consisted almost
wholly of selections from Handel's "Mes
siah," which were exquisitely rendered.
Hother Wismer played as a violin solo
Handel's "Largo" : Miss Louvia Rogers
sang the solo,. "Glory to God "on High."
for the offertory, and Dr. Hemphill made
a-.brief Christmas address.
"Bethlehemr*and After", was the theme
of the Christmas sermon delivered yes
terday morning -by the Rev. George E.
Burllngatne of Chicago at the First Bap
tist Church, 320 Eddy street.
, The sermon was listened to with intense
Interest Mr. Burlingame said in part:
• \u25a0 - \u25a0
- The drama of the incarnation Is cast in four
scenes, which for two millenniums have been
the inspiration of poet and preacher and wor
shiper
The figures In these four scenes are Mary,
the Angels, the Shepherds and the 'Wise Men.
These groups have a common center In the
manger \u25a0at Bethlehem. \ In the return of each
group to their former life there seems to be
an anti-climax,' a collapse of all myatery and
strangeness. Yet, in. fact, the return, of Mary
to | Nazareth, of the Angels to heaven, of the
Shepherds to their Hocks and of the Wise Men
to the East, reveals a profound principle of the
Christian faith.
Jesus came into the -\u25a0world, not to disrupt
natural human relations,' nor to disturb the
normal life, but to purify and ennoble these re
lations and to make the " commonplace life
Bacred by his presence and by his Influence.
"We come to Bethlehem to meet our Savior,
and as we ko back from that vision to the
dally round, the common task, he goes with
us to transform the old life and make It for
ever new and Bweet and stronsr.
Special Christmas services were held at
the Plymouth Congregational Church,
1760 '; Post street, yesterday at 11 .a.
m., and in the evening at 7:45. Rev.
I. Curtis Meserve, D. D., the pastor of
the church, delivered a strong sermon to
his congregation at the morning wor
ship, choosing as his text, "Thanks Be
Unto God for His Unspeakable Gift," and
also called attention to a yuletide prayer
which he was anxious the people should
submit, to their careful consideration. A
choir composed of the regular quartet
and a bevy of young ladies from the Sun
day School rendered Christmas selections,
accompanied by- Professor F. Dellepiane,
the church organist.
The ; auditorium ', was attractively dec
orated with holly and Christmas greens,
as was also the Sunday School. ln which
the young people; prior to the morning
church services, rendered their pro
gramme. : ..
>Dr. Meserv© spoke at the momlng.ser
vlce In part as follows: ,
•Thank* be unto God for his unspeakablo gift.
This gift la. ; of course,- Jesus Christ. "Free
ly with him also he has given us all things."
To-day w« remember especially that this gift
came to us in the form" of a baby. It li for
th« Babe of Bethlehem that we are now glring
thanki. Baby iis King! " That is true alwaya
and eyery where. Christmas • time 1« children \u25a0
time. Make them as glad aa yon can. In the
name of the Father and the divine son. This
Blft of God" to . men became . a " man in due
time and did a man'i work in the world. He
brought and sought . truth. He found and
eav* -it . freely to '-.\u25a0 others. He brought . and
soueht life and gave that also to men. In him.
and through him. all good that God could give
his human childrenThas come to them. at/Is
real \u25a0 Joy and genuine gladness . that . mark . this
Christmas time. , Yet there are other things In
the world to-day. - What r would Jesus do; if
he were in "', Moscow. Just now? On the tone side
of a raging conflict . is order, backed by thn
army.and the authority of \u25a0 the^Czar; On the
other-;, side is liberty, backed by the^ people .
The one Is used to cruel oppression and thinks
It has a right to Inflict it.. On the other hand
there Is ; the victim of oppression , who thinks
His time to stop it. Both are excited, angry,
mad. -Blood -la flowing. Jesus there to-,
day he would do Just one thing: he would step
botwe«n those fighting \u25a0 ranks, raise one . hand
against : one side, -the other hand against ; the
other side "\u25a0\u25a0 and command , them both •: to stop
"nthe name of God. humanity and love. He
would, call .them: both ."brother."^ He would
not be Intimidated ; nor cajoled. - He would ; be
shot down such, is '.their, temper- now. but; he
would not \u25a0 give over- his purpose of, love and
mercy He. is;used:to. pain and sacrifice, for.
if 5 is' "by these * that \u25a0he conquers. .Were his
BDlrlt :- abroad . among men. as :it ought to be
after all i these I centuries, there would be a
possibility; nay -a ; certainty, of i composing . the
troubles of . : Russia, with Justice on the . throne
andobedlence inithe home./. ' -•
• • Doing 'good; and'givlng, is. the simple, Chris
tian," human way of celebrating Christmas. . Let
us air »o ; k«ep It. ; h' ; ; . ': " - ;: *:
V-The : special prayer, which was ad
dressed.'to the; congregation, and copies
of which were in the pews, read:
My; : Dear' •\u25a0'•'. People — I- exercise' herein my
h«-a> en . appointed, privilege "and ' duty ; and r call
you to prayer— to \u25a0 real.' believing, - Importunate
prayer.-' The need : of, this Is ,so . great. \u25a0 as . I see
tt. - that no words can express ; It: X Our mem
bers need* It to: pray '; for - themselvea,-; and ;for
each • other.' , Our.j friends . need ; It — to • be , prayed
for i that Üb«y * may,. become •' and s real :
Christians."" The' snlrituaU condition ' iof :'" this
community; is ;so ;bad' as r to-b© iheart-breakins;
and .we 'are making, very, little 'lmpression .upon
lt'for beUerment. ;^ Wei need; to a i»k God's; for
srlveness; ror . being ; so remiss and so powerless?*;
8180, NEWMAN CO.
POLK STREET AT CALIFORNIA
Phone East 1520 (Frivate Exchange)
Our Best Wishes f0ra.... : - \u25a0
Merry Christmas to AH
We Offer You for Your New Year's Sideboard
Cases of Assorted Liqueurs
Crrme de Mentfae Forbidden Fruit
/Cnracao Yellow or Green Chartreuse
Anisette French or English
Benedictine • Anrlcot Brandy
Mara«anla Abrtcotlae
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0"'\u25a0^^— "i^ l "."
Caloric Swedish Punch
- London Dock Run
B ntar la Anno
Italian or French Vermonth
Ber»«r'»» Abulnthe
Amer Picon
Franclaean Bitter*
Old Hermltnce Rye and Bourbon Whiskey. ISSS
Old Stock Whisky •
Private Stock Whiskey. 10 Year* Old
Cliilt Cocktnll*
Martini. Manhattan. Vermouth. Whisky. Gin Vermouth c
A montlllnrdo Sherry I V. O. Operto Port
Scuovia Palldo Seco Sherry I Madeira Imperator
"Sesovia Soleroflna Sherry I And Choicest o€ Imported
London Dock Superior Port » Clareta. fiursrundles and Sauternea
Lnree and Choice Selection of Rhine and Moselle Wines* •
French Coenaen
California Orancre Wine
California Apricot Brandy
All of the Best Brands of California Wines
Per Bottle or Gallon
Fancy Groceries ' Best Butter and Eggs
We need to ask God for a fresh, experience of
his grace -and love, and for a new abarlnz
of his desire for the salvation of men. To
pray la to begin aright— to pray by ourselves
alone, at cur firesides, with our Intimates and
in our churches. It is to this that your guide
in spiritual things feels Impressed to call you.
For the sake of your own growth and efficiency
In Christ and for the sake of the souls of
others. I beseech you to heed this call.
-^ The following worship was conducted at
11 a. m.: : \
. Organ prelude; anthem, "For Unto Us a
Child Is Born" (Roberts), choir and chorus;
hymn, "Joy to the World, the lord Is Come"
(Watts): anthem, "I Will Give Thanka" (Bar
nabv), choir: solo and chorus. "Behold the
Star" (Labadier); anthem. "Hark. What Mear
Those Holy Voices?" fUsley). choir and cho
rus; soprano solo. "Child of Bethlehem" (Wes
ley). Mrs. Edna Schaffter; sermon: hymn.
"Angel 3 From the- Realms o? Glory" (Mont
gomery): benediction; organ cadence.
The evening service consisted principally of
music. The following were rendered: Organ
prelude; hymn, "All My Heart This Night Ra-
Joices" (Gerhardt); anthem. "Behold I Bring
You Good Tidings" (Smith): prayer: anthem.
"The Eyes of All Walt Upon Thee" (Barnaby):
hymn. "While Shepherds Watching Their
Flocks" (Tate): contralto solo, "In Old Ju
dea" (Gelbel), Miss Xena Roberts, violin ob
ligato by D. Aboeassls; sermon; hymn, "O lit
tle Town of Bethlehem" (Brooks)'; benediction,
organ postlude. - '. -.•\u25a0:•
The following young ladles of the Sun
day School comprised the chorus:
The Misses Myrtle Cook, Bessie Fuller. Grace
Gay. Gladys Gutcher, Helene Hlnsberg. Ethel
Krutmeyer. Eva L. Moldrup, Hilda M, Mc-
Kean. Metha O. Reese, Ida Pandow. Mtnnte
Seldenburg. Mary Stewart and Catherine L.
Walker. • r.-r
The following auartet took part:
Miss Xena Roberts, contralto: Mrs. Edna
Schaffter, soprano: R. B. Kay, basso, and J.
K. O'Brien, tenor. Professor F. Dellepiane
had charge of the musical part of the services.
This morning in all the Protestant
Episcopal and Roman Catholic churches
will be Treard sermons and music appro
priate to Yuletide. All the great choirs
will sing those beautiful numbers which
for generations have sounded from choir
lofts and organs and which have come
from the great masters of composition.
Besides the lists of the services which
were published fully in The Call Saturday
and Sunday the following services will
take place:
Hs«b mass will be sung to-day at St.
Patrick-, church at 5 o'clock by the Choral
Society consisting ot the following: SoDranos.
O'Brien; Stella Lambert. Agatha Jose
phine Brandt. Rose Ryan, Nellie v Pratt. Lizzie-
F^ulr: aUos. Misses Kate Fuller. Gertrude
Cronln, Nellie Sheeny: tenors. Messrs. Charles
Bullotti, Thomas O'Brien. Andrew Gedrtis. Jo
eeph Keating. Theodore Wlltz; bassos. Messrs
John O'Brien. William T. Snow. Frank
' O'Brien. Thomas Leach. Gounod 'Convent
Mass In C will be sung. At the offertory the.
Adeste Fideles will be rendered by ninety boys.
The Sanctuary Choir will sing the proces
sional and recessional hymn*. \enite- Aoore-
TttwSUßt Patrick. „.
tire Sunday School will sing the Ad«ste Fl
deles and Glory to God in the Highest. „
At 11 o'clock Haydn'e sixteenth mass will
be sun* with organ accompaniment, assisted
by the Tivoli orchestra. The following singers
will assist: Sopranos. Misses Julie Cotte.
Kate Robinson. Ltllie Hughes, Josephine Short.
Stella Lambert. Josephine Brandt, Norah
O'Brien Agatha Glover. Maud Kilcomroen,
Rose Ryan, Mary Anthony. Margaret An
thony Nellie Pratt. Lizzie Fuller; altos. Misses
Genevieve Sullivan, Kate Fuller, Gertrude
Cronin Xellle Sheehy; tenors. Messrs. Charles
Bullotti. Thomas O'Brien. Andrew Geddl*.
Joseph Keating. Theodore Wiltz. John Grlffen:
bassos, Messrs." Eugene Bournizeau. John
O'Brien. William Snow. Thomas Leach, Frank
°Char?€s Bullotti will sing Adam's Noel
at the offertory. > The Sanctuary Choir will
olE*/at this mass also. The music will be
under the direction of Organist Miss Mary
Short and Music Conductor Curt Davis The
sermon will be delivered by Rev. Michael
Horan. the theme being on "The Incarnation.
At the Spanish Church there will be
low mass at 6 a. m.. with singing by Sun
day school children. At 10:30 Haydn's Im
perial Mass with the following soloists:
Sopranos— Mrs. B. Camerena and T.
Loaiza. Alto— Miss R. Roylance. Tenor-
Mrs N. Gunnan. Bassos— F. "Wahlin
and : G. Schuster. Supporting will be a
grand chorus. At the adoration of the In
fant Jesus the full choir will render "Vil
landro" by S. Arrilaga. At the consecra
tion Miss F. Bufa will ,render. a nocturne
by Chopin on the violin. Director and or-«
ganlst, S. Arrilaga.
Lutheran* to Entertain.
- Th» Christmas entertainment and
festival • of ! the First English Lutheran
Sunday-school,: Geary street, near Oo
tavia, will' : tak«i place on "Wednesday
evening, December 27, commencing: at
7:45 -promptly. These entertainments
have been popular affairs during the
past years > and . the festival this year
promises to be surpassed by none of
the previous ones. The programme will
be an excellent one. The committee
has made arrangements for the accom
modation /and entertainment of the
large gathering of friends of the First
English' Lutheran Sunday-school that
•will be present.
\u25a0il t ' I
"'ill/ ' MARKET AXD.' POWELL STREETS * tf\
k - l U 1 4 1 \u25a0 I SPECIAL: CHRISTMAS DINNER TO-DAY I \ 11 W ]
'. :]%%s{' $1.50 WITH WINE t«P
.\u25a0\u25a0jSJ pfflP" 1 : "We 'promise a splendid dinner full of sur- ""HHpS* 1 *
FLAMES DAMAGE
A NEW CHURCH
Hamilton Methodist Episco
pal Edifice Gutted by Fire
Early Yesterday Afternoon
The beautiful new Hamilton Methodist
Episcopal Church, Waller and Belvedere
streets, was gutted yesterday afterno»fj«|
by a fire which broke out shortly afte'r^
the close of the morning services. All of
the woodwork In the ceilings, the stair
way, the ladies' room and the kitchen
were destroyed. "Water ruined the car
pets, piano and pulpit fixtures. The loss
is about $3000, fully Insured
The flames broke out in the engine
room. They were caused by excessive
heat from the boiler of the furnace. For
some time the fir© slowly burned through
the walls of the boiler room unnoticed
and not until it had spread Into the
auditorium of the church was the blaze
discovered. Passenr-by turned in tha
alarm and the flames were extinguished
in'a few minutes.
Hamilton Church was dedicated only
two weeks ago. It is the chapel to a
larger structure which Is planned. It iraa
to have been used for the church for a
number of years. It is of stone, with a
plain interior of stone with. wooden raft
ers. It was due to this fact that nior*
serious damage was, not done.
While the fire companies were working
with the fire the trustees of the church
met outside with Rev. G. Avery Reeder
and decided to make the repairs at once.
The work will besln on Tuesday.
SUSPECTED SHOPLIFTER GOES
TO STORE ONCE TOO OFTE*
CarmHlo Gordon© Made to Pay toe
Article He Stole and Then Steals
Other Things.
Carmello Gordons can be classed a* a
thief of unusual daring. He entered
the store of Pauson & Co., Sutter and
Kearny streets, on Saturday evening.
and was at once recognized as a cus
tomer who had stolen a smoking
jacket on December 20. He wi?a
threatened with arrest If he did noir^
pay Jl2 50, the value of the Jacket. Ha
preferred to pay the amount.
After he had lelt It was discovered
that he had stolen two pairs of men's
gloves, a silk handkerchief and a pair
of sdeks. The police were notified and
he was arrested by Detective Mat he 30 n
and Policeman Ring on Kearny street.
When searched the stolen goods were
found In his possession. He was takea
to the City Prison. The police be
lieve that he is a shoplifter, and there
will probably be other charges agaln3t
him. The police are making every ef
fort to discover where Gor4ono live*.
as they expect to find considerable
loot.
WBLL-KXOWX WOMAN'S LIFE
COMES TO A QUIET CLOSE
Mr*. Fannir K. Jonas Passes Atrny at
.Mount "/.lon Hospital as Result
nfStnikr of Paralysis.
Mrs. Fannie E. Jonas passed quietly
away at Mount Zion Hospital yesterday
morning after a three weeks' illness
resulting from a paralytic stroke. Sh»
leaves a son, M. G. Jonas of Th© Call
staff; a brother. Aaron Blrdsall «f San
Francisco, and a sister. Mrs. Tallmadga
Delafield of Tacoma. "Wash.
The deceased was a native of New
Orleans, but her life for the most part
has been spent In California. She was
particularly well known In Sacramento
and San Francisco. For many years .
she was greatly interested In frater--^
nal organizations, in which she was a
prominent worker.
Mrs. Jonas was a member of Cali
fornia Lodge No. 1 of the - Rebekahs
and of Eureka Circle, Companions of
the Forest.
Her beautiful .life was ever an ex
ample of perfect womanhood, and: -
those friends and loved ones she has
left behind have suffered an Irrepara
ble loss.
John Young Brown was the youngest
man ever elected to Conjrress. He went
to the thirty-sixth House at the age of
23 from Kentucky.